Text not availableText not availableText not availableText not availableText not availableText not availableText not availableText not availableText not availableText not availableText not availableText not availableText not availableText not availableText not availableText not availableing of the Governments of th* world wQI not
remain sterile. I am convinced that, thanks
to the preseverlng affirmation of certain gen
erous thoughts with which the expiring cen
tury has resounded, the twentieth century win
witness a little more fraternity and less misery
of all kinds, and that ere long, perhaps. w»
shall have accomplished an Important step la
the slow evolution of the work toward happi
ness and of man toward humanity.
This peroration, delivered with fervor,
evoked an outburst of cheering. "When
the cheering: had subsided President Lou
bet said:
It is under thess auspices and In
this hope that I declare open the ex
position of 1900.
A round of cheers lasting several min
utes greeted the conclusion of his dis
course.
M. Waldeck-Rousseau was up to the last"
moment expected to speak, but he chanj-
One of French's Lancer Patrols Under a Cross Fire.
From the Sphere.
Whenever the British berjin to move about, either in larg^ or small bodies, they find the Boers
hanging on their flanks and ever ready to take advantage of any chance to fire a shot or make a prisoner.
That style of warfare will cost Lord Boberts many a good man before he can bring on a general engage
xucnt.
PARIS. April 14.— Th» Exposition of
1900 is opened, but it will be at least
a month- before anything but bulld-
I ings Is to be. seen. The day's cere
monies was a peculiar mixture of
sumptuous splendor In the Salles dcs
Fetes and widespread confusion else
where. Nothing could have exceeded the
picturesque stage setting In the beau
tiful bu:.dlng In which the ceremonies
were held, the gorgeous uniforms of the
diplomats and soldiers, the splendid or
chestra and chorus and the mapnlflcence
effected by the grand staircase, up which
President Loubet proceeded to view the
Exposition, lined with some 200 picked
men of the Republican Guard, with
jackboots, white breeches, gleaming cuir
asses and horsehair plumes streaming
from shining helmets. At the top of this
stairway was a room the Interior of
which could be seen from the Salles dcs
Fetes, and this was hung vrith priceless
Gobelins* from the Louvre. Into this
Bplendld apartment President Loubet en
tered and walked down the avenue to his
boat. This part of the day's arrangement
was perfect, but the rest was chaos.
The weather to-day was luckily all that
could be desired, 14,000 guests having been
Invited to the function, and they had, be
cause of the fine weather, only the dust
to endure. Had the day been wet. the
unrolled paths of the Exposition grounds
would have been turned into a mass ot
mud.
Congestion of Traffic.
The afternoon was a holiday in Paris
by general consent, and a host of coun
try people crowded Into the city to swell
the multitudes, who from an early hour
surged in the direction of the Exposition
and took up positions along the route
of the Presidential procession and at the
approaches to the grounds. The Immense
number of guests practically swept the
central streets clean of cabs, of which
an unbroken stream,' several deep, drift
ed slowly toward the gates between
noon and 2:30 p. m. Drifted is the cor
rect expression of the rate of progress,
because the traffic arrangements were
so inadequate that hundreds of vehicles
did not reach the Exposition at all, and
the occupants were either left stranded
en route or were obliged to abandon their
carriages and proceed on foot. This was
the expedient .ordinarily adopted, even
by several members of the diplomatic
corps, and two gorgeously attired offi
cials of the Chinese embassy, after has
tily walking • several blocks, arrived In
the Salles dea Fetes Just in time to hear
the charge at tfte conclusion of the cere
mony. ' ; " - - >-.
M. Loubet '.eft the Elyaee in an" op/n
four-horse landau, escorted by a detach
ment of Cuirassiers. The Presidential pro
cession was composed of five landaus, head
ed by the famous outrider Montjarrat. By
the side of President Loubet sat Prime
Minister Waldeck-Rousseau. and their j
progress through the Champs Elysee and
across the Invalides bridge to the Avenue
la Motte picket was hailed with continu
ous cheering from the great crowd which
was massed along the route.
Arrival of the President.
On alighting the President was imme
diately surrounded by the Ministers. M.
Mlllerand, Minister of Commerce, stood at
the entrance to receive him, around M.
Mlllerand being grouped Commissioner
General Plcard and other high exposition
officials. President Loubet shook hands
with M. Mlllerand and then, turning to
Plcard, said he would be happy to sign
his declaration of the Grand Cross of the
Legion of Honor.
President Loubet then saluted the com
mittees " and entered the hall through a
throng of more than 40,000 people that
formed a sea of faces, all turned toward
the door.
" As salutes of artillery announced the
President's arrival there was a moment
of expectant silence; then the heavy red
plush cushions covering the door were
thrown aside and the President, in even-
Ing dress and wearing the broad red In
signia of the Legion of Honor across his
breast, stepped into the tribune which had
been temporarily erected for to-day's cer
emony, the Presidential gallery, which is
to serve for all later ceremonies, not yet
being ready. At the same Instant an or
chestra, composed of musicians of the
famed Republican Guard, struck up the
"Marseillaise." The whole assembly un
covered and remained bareheaded during
the remainder of the proceedings.
"Vive," Cried the People.
Before the strains of France's stirring
national hymn had died away a mighty
cry arose of "Vive Loubet!" "Vive la re
public!" Wive la France!"
President Loubet stood in the front of
the tribune with M. Waldeck-Rousseau,
M. Deschanel. President of the Chamber
of Deputies, and M. Delcasse, Minister of
Foreign Affairs, and all of the Ministers
except the Marquis de Galllfet, Minister
of War, who was absent because of Indis
position.
Grouped behind him were a number of
richly uniformed officials. The acclama
tions were. still echoing through the al
coves and galleries when President Lou
bet and the Ministers resumed their, seats
and M.; Mlllerand began his speech, for
mally handing over the exposition to the
chief of state.
M. Millerand's Oration.
M. Mlllerand said:
The persevering efforts and the passionate
energy of M. Plcard (the Commissioner Gen
era!) and of his colleagues made possible the
prodigious work which I present to you to-day.
One cannot, however, without committing j In
justice, extract, names from the notable list of
artists." engineers and contractors who were
the artisans of these marvels. The universe is
associated with France in this gigantic en
terprise and the government of the republic
fulfills a very pleasant duty of hospitality and
gratitude in expressing its thanks to those sov
ereigns and chiefs of state. The visitor to the
exposition will owe to the friendly peoples who
have. shown so much eagerness and good will
in receiving the invitation to visit the expo
sition - the miracle .'of -being able In a few
minutes to be able to- make a tour of the
world. The ' types of all architecture grouped
Bids by i sl<Je on the two banks :of the Seine
will captivate his ' imagination " while I pleasing .
his vision, and by a natural affiliation of ideas
this: picturesque display- will give birth In his
soul- to*. the reflection that, however distant
they ' appear ', to be from one another, by edu
cation, custom and all the soldiers
of . Europe, J citizens of divers nationalities, be
long, to the! same. family,'. and their duty, like
their .". Interest .. Is ' to work ," toward Increasing
the common patrimony; of science and art.: ..
The time will come when other voices, more
authoritative ;tnan- miner will make the Inven
tory of : the j artistic treasures inclosed in these
edifices. v . I will limit ray ambition to recalling
how ¦ in ;*¦> hundred \ years i the face " of ' the • ma
terial world has been renewed. -Words fall me
'to * express - the grandeur and . extent . ot ' this
we are already writing of the solidarity of «x»
sons and of • our ancestors and why should w«
not do so in the case of our contemporaries.
We must not forget those physical contagions.
tbe houses of the poor, where- the morbid
germs of uncultured brains ar« sheltered, wbera
superstition and hatred ferment, constituting
perils of which a- far-seeing Intelligence la des
tined to , convince us. We must hasten their
disappearance, troUmPh over ignorance, and c«a
quer misery.. ' Imagine the outcome- of mutual
assistance of syndicates and associates of all
descriptions destined to group themselves tato
one sheaf, resisting Individual weakness. »o
many, proofs of human solidarity. It alms to
lessen In the bosom of each nation the shock-
Ing inequalities resulting. from nature or from
the regime. It proposes to unite In the bonds
of a real, fraternity the children of a same peo
ple. But its effects do not stop at frontiers.
. Interests. Ideas and sentiments Intermingle
and cross each other over the whole surface of
the globe, like those light threads In which hu
man thought Coats — beneficent complexity
which permits us already to discern a new era
Of which only yesterday a noble initiative forges
at The Hague conference the first links. Tes.
more strongly than we could have done onr-
selves. International relations have shaped
themselves from the multiplicity of sews and
the stability of exchange. Besides we hay*
reason to hope and believe - that a day will
come when the world will know only the profit
able rivalry of peace and the glorious straggles
of labor. Labor! Labor! Creator, sacred
creator! . It is thou that enoblest. - It Is thou
that consoleet. Under thy footsteps ignorance)
Is dissipated and pain flees. By thee human
ity has leaped over the barriers of the night
and , mounts unceasingly toward that . lumin
ous and serene region where one day
will be realized the Ideal and the perfect accord,
of the, power of Justice and of good.
I/oubet Opens Exposition.
'M. MUlerand's address waa received
with rounds of applause, wblch attained
a veritable roar at its conclusion.
President Loubet then arose and deliv
ered an address which was also warmly
cheered. President Loubet said:
In inviting the Governments and tbe peoples
to make us a synthesis of human 'work, tha
French republic had not only In mind to In
stitute competition of visible marvels and to
renew on the banks of th« Seine the ancient
renown of elegance and courteous hospitality.'
Our ambition is more lofty; It soars infinitely
above j the brilliancy of transitory fetes and
does not confine Itself. Whatever patriotic sat
isfaction we mar experience to-day to the grat
ification of our amour j propre or self-interest.
France wished to give a striking contribution
to the bringing about of concord between peo
ples. She has the consciousness of working for
the good of tbe world at the conclusion ot this
noble century in which the victory over error
and hatred was all Incomplete, but which be
queaths to us a living faith in progress.
President Loubet then spoke of the ad
mirable spectacle that the exposition af
forded of mind disciplining the forces of
nature and of the support foreign gov
ernments had lent France in accomplish
ing the great work. In conclusion Presi
dent Loubet said:
Gentlemen, this work of harmony, peace and
progress, however ephemeral its outward show,
will not have been In vain; tbe peaceful meat-
ALLEGED
INTERVENTION
BY RUSSIA.
Rumors Current That the Czar •
Will Send an Ultimatum to ;
Great Britain Demanding Co- ;
elusion of Peace With the ¦
Boers at Once.. : ;
ST. PETERSBURG, April
14. — The Czar and Czar- '
ma started last evening ! for
Moscow. Extraordinarily per
sistent rumors are current' in
Moscow that on Russian :
Easter Sunday the Czar; will
issue a manifesto containing [
an ultimatum to Great Britain ¦
demanding that she conclude '
peace with the Boers forth- [
with, under threat of occupy- I '•'.
ing Cabul and H«rat if Great •
Britain fails to comply.
This report is connected'by .
some persons "with the fact ¦
that no reservists are at pres
ent allowed to take unlimited '.
leave, but probably the orders
to the reservists are connected "
with the projected summer [
maneuvers in the central -
provinces in which 200,000 •
troops will participate and at
which Emperor William is ex- .
pected to bs present.
MOSCO7V, April 14,—The
Czar and Czarina arrived here ;
to-day.
republics, he declared, had only 25,000 sol
dlers,~and Great Britain was exaggerat
ing the numbers in order to magnify her
victories.
The Interview then adds: "At this mo
ment Jonkherr Fischer received a tele
gram and on reading it he exclaimed,
'Good news from Africa!" " <
MILAN, April 14.— The Boer Peace Com
missioners started for The Hague this
afternoon. Dr. Leyds, the diplomatic
agent of the Transvaal, accompanies
them as far as Brussels.
MORTALITY DURING THE
SIEGE OF LADYSMITH
» Correspondence of the Associated Press.
\ LONDON, April 7.— The Jast days; ln
Ladysmith are described? by. \a Standard
correspondent, * who_, gives isfrom": official
sources • these figures:"" ' " r*^. :.*•' ';.
"November 2, when the Investment be
gan, we had a garrison of 572 officers and
12,924 men. On March 1, when the siege
was raised, the garrison was reduced to
400 officers and 9761 men, leaving 169 offi
cers and 3163 men to be accounted for by
death and sickness. When General Bul
ler entered the town there were In hos
pitals 19% officers and men, of whom 708
were suffering from enteric fever, 341
from dysentery and 189 from wounds.
During the four months from November
2 to March 1 no fewer than 10,668 soldiers,
or nearly 70 per' cent of the garrison, had
been admitted Into the hospitals, to say
nothing of civilians and others, who had
slight attacks of what the doctors called
"filth fever," or incipient enteric. The
admissions for enteric fever were 1776 and
for dysentery 1557.
"There died of disease and wounds In
the four months 600 men of the garrison
and 40 civilians, while on the lowest av
erage 140 deaths will probably be record
ed against the patients who remain, rais
ing the total mortality from disease and
wounds to 700 among Europeans alone.
The deaths from enteric fever up to
March were 393, or more than 20 per cent;
from dysentery, 117, or 6 per cent, and
from wounds 59. To this ghastly array of
figures may be added 18 officers and 193
men killed In action: 17 officers and 160
men killed In assaults, sorties and storm
ing parties, and 2 officers and 33 men
killed by casual bombardment. The total
of our dead Is, therefore, not less than
1063. Nor does the list end here, for we
have wounded in assaults and sorties 45
officers and 352 men, and by casual bom
bardment 25 officers and 207 men.
"A siege, like a battle. Is usually a cat
alogue of blunders. After the non-de
struction of the railway came the neg
lect to secure heavy guns and unlimited
ammunition. ,-With the material at com
mand Sir George White could not hope
to maintain an equal duel with the en
emy's batteries of four 9-pounders and
twenty-nine long range guns and how
itzers. The Boers, according to the au
tomatic record of Sir John Wllloughby,
who. with Dr. Jameson, lived In absolute
seclusion in the center of the town, fired
15,500 shells within the perimeter. Our ex
penditure of ammunition did not exceed
4759 rounds, Including 3705 fired by field
guns In action and assaults. The two
4.7 naval guns expended 524 rounds, the
three 12-pounder naval guns 7b4 rounds
and the two. old-fashioned howitzers that
did excellent service fired 776 shells made
thirty years ago."
BLOEMFONTEIN HARD
PRESSED FOR WATER
. — . *lfc.
LEE.MOKOP, Southeast of Bloemfon
teln,' April 9.— The Boer command which
is still in the southern district and which
'it waa feared had been cut off has , ren
dered a good account of itself with the
Basutoland, police,^ who had .invaded the
Orange" Free State." : '
Four British 'scouts who were captured
say that Bloemfonteln is hard pressed for
water. .They add j. that all, the private
water wells were' guarded and civilians
were not permitted to use the water until
the troops were supplied.
Commandant de Wet has received a re
port that the British who fled from Smith
field southward were severely , punished
by the burghers ' of : Rouxvllle. •
News received ) here ' from Johannesburg
Drift says a British force of about 1000
men, mainly;; composed of, Brabant's
Horso," with. General Brabant command
ing, is surrounded at ; Robertsons Mills,
with a remote chance of relief or effective
resistance. ¦ "
The British v force reported . In the dis
patch from " Leemokop to be surrounded
at Robertsons Mills is probably the force
of colonial i troops ; previously I referred Ito
as surrounded by the /near <,Wepe
ner. These ' British .troops are; not' com
manded by; General f Brabant « in : person,
but* are under | the ; command £of t Colonel
Dalgety. General? Brabant \was ;last'*.re
ported ,'at/Allwal r » North;", with General
Continued on Page Eighteen.
were, formerly only accomplished at the
price of days and great fatigue. The v tele
phone brings to our ear words and every tone
of a friend's voice, separated from us by hun
dreds of miles. The Intensity and the power,
of life— of death . Itself— recoil before the vic
torious marching human soul. The genius of
a Pasteur, pure benefactor of humanity, whose
glory Is not overcast by any shadow. Increases
a hundred-fold the *• power of surgery and of
medicine. The malady, seixed at Us origin
and ; Isolated, ceases and there appears on the
horixon, the happy period when the epidemics
which ¦ ravaged cities and decimated peoples
will no longer be anything but terrifying
memories and legends of the past.
Thus does science multiply with admirable
prodigality the means which such place at
the disposal of men to bend the exterior forces
to her laws or guarantee him against their
hostility.! She renders him a more signal ser
vice in giving up to him the secret of the ma
terial and moral grandeur of the societies
which can be described In one word, "solidar
ity." "We are the heirs of the fault* as well aa
of - the • meritorious points of our fathers, and
STATUE OF REPUBLICAN FRANCE.
(By Boucher, In Gray Sevrea.)
singing and the sounding, of sirens and
whistles lntermingledtunlnterruptedly un
til Sir George landed at 2:<sO p. m.
The greeting between husband and wife
being over. General White had to undergo
much hand-shaking and the receiving ol
congratulations from personal friends be
fore he reached -the dockshed, where the
municipal authorities, presented him with
an . elaborately illuminated address ot
welcome, expressing profound admiration
at his "noble and successful efforts to
uphold and maintain the honor and dig
nity of the empire in distant Natal, which
have won the lasting admiration of the
civilized world." ¦
A suitable reference was made to Ire
land's connection with the defense ol
Ladysmith, and regret was expressed
that General White's health had been im
paired by the strain of the siege, and that
he had been obliged to seek rest. The ad
dress concluded by expressing the hope
that he . would soon be completely re
stored to health and able to resume the
the- distinguished task with which the
Queen and the country had charged him.
During the reading of the address the
huge crowds in the> vicinity seized every
occasion to hurrah, and the enthusiasm
was Indescribable. Hats, handkerchiefs
and- flags were waved - frantically and
cheer , followed cheer in endless succes
sion. 'General White was visibly movea
at the warmth of his reception. In ac
knowledging the address he referred with
admiration to his gallant garrison, every
one, of whom, he said, "from General
Hunter to the brave trumpter, had be.
hayed I magnificently."
'General and Mrs. -White, accompanied
by their daughter, arrived In London to
night.
General White and. Lady White after
ward proceeded to Nettley, where the
general will recuperate. Hundreds of
congratulatory telegrams awaited Sir
George on his arrival at Southampton,
including, one from ' Queen Victoria, mak.
ing an inquiry as to his health.'.
GENERAL CRONJE NOW
IN AN EXILE'S HOME
ST. HELENA, April 14J— General Cronje,
his'wlfe and three of his staff of. the for
mer Boer 'commando,", who with * other
Boer prisoners arrived here ion the Niobe
and Wilkes April 10, v were landed; to-day,
accompanied by Colonel ; Reefe. , They '.. were
met by the Governor .'and: commander in
chief of St. Helena, his excellency Robert
Sterndale and Mrs.: Sterndale, at - ; the cas
tle, where the party remained for an hour,
after which they proceeded -to the Kent
building.
General Cronje .looks, well' and, appears
cheerful.. The other "Boer prisoners will
disembark Monday. .V
GERMANY AND THE
BOER PEACE ENVOYS
.ROME, April ,l4.^-Nothlng is known here
in corroboration of, the report r published
abroad that Count ; .yon Bulow,*, the Ger
man Minister of Foreign Affairs^ had vis
ited the Transvaal peace envoy's 1 at Milan,
and the story is not "credited.* The Portu
guese Minister,' Serior Decaryalho Vascon
cellos, however, has gone to that city. .'
An interview, is published here in which
Jonkherr Abram Fischer, r one of .the
Transvaal officials, Is "alleged '^to ;have"de
clared that the South African? republics
were willing to make any 'sacrifice . in or
der to. preserve their liberty *and '4 Inde
pendence. 'They did not wish, he declared;'
to: add .to their, territory/ but " merely ; to
retain It and live peacefully, at' home.^The
the Sixth. Seventh. Ninth and cavalry ' divis
ions and the Guards Brigade. He now has
also the Third. Eighth and Eleventh divisions
and expects the. Tenth from Natal, though the
precise destination of the Tenth Is not yet
known. He also has organized a complete di
vision of mounted infantry, under Colonel lan
Hamilton, an officer who enjoys bis full confi
dence. He has also arranged his commands so
as to have for each post a man upon whom he
can rely.
When General Roberts moves this expanded
army it will go easier than the smaller one
with which he started two months ago.
While these preparations have been under
way the Boer raid has come to a standstill.
General Brabant's men under Colonel Dalgety
at Wepener. have apparently punished their as
sailants, and although the report of the Boer
retreat from 'Wepener may be premature it IS
at least probable to forecast that the Boer
raiders have gone Into a cul de sac between
the guarded railway and the Basuto border,
which the Basutos will defend against Invasion.
An extended movement from Bloemfonteln
would menace their retreat. Such a move,
combined with the presence of General Cherm
eide's division at Reddersburg, probably ac
counts for the stoppage of the Boer advance
couth ward. .'*.?¦
If the Boers cannct hurt General ; Roberts'
communications they ¦ can do . him no serious
harm. They must begin to be uneasy about
what he can do to them when he sets out.
The removal of a division from Natal points
to Buller"s operations being confined to the de
fensive until the advance In the western theater
of the war has made Itself felt.
General Lord Methuen's division in front of
Boshof may be covering preparations on the
railway south of Warrenton or in the reelon
between Kimberiey and Bloemfontein, of which
no report has been allowed to come through.
There were stories some weeks ago of a'pro
jected . railway, of which no more has j been
heard. They may have had no foundation, but
it is equally possible that there . is more 13
them than it is convenient "to publish. | General
Roberts knows how to muzzle correspondents
when necessary.
I exoect when General Roberts ' next moves
he will strike at the main Boer army, not nec
essarily by attacking its position, but rather
by such maneuvers as will compel it to fight
at a disadvantage of position as well as iof
numbers. .War of this sort. Is decided not.by
the occupation of territory, but by the destruc
tion of the enemy's armies. This was the
fundamental idea of General . Grant, as it: had
been that of Napoleon, and It is the, keynote
of the present war. because the Boers, like
Napoleon's and Grant's foes, are fighting for
Independence. Nothing: but a crushing out of
their forces will end the war.
GREAT WELCOME GIVEN
GALLANT GENERAL WHITE
LONDON, April 14.— The scene which
greeted General Sir George White when
the steamer Dunvegan Castle, on wGTcb
he left Cape Town on March 2S, reached
Southampton this afternoon must have
convinced him of the admiration of his
countrymen for his gallant defense of
Ladysmith . during the long and trying
siege of that place. From early morn
ing crowds collected by thousands in the
neighborhood of the docka. The buildings
in the vicinity were gayly decorated with
bunting: in honor of the occasion, and all
the public Institutions were covered with
flags. The harbor presented a brilliant
and animated scene, the various vessels
having dressed ship and the Dunvegan
Castle's berth at the wharf being re
splendent with- bunting and evergreens.
Lady White, the Mayor and the members
of the corporation In' their. state robes,
uniformed soldiers and Bailors and a num
ber of privileged guests awaited the gal
lant defender of Ladysmith. As the
steamer loomed in. the distance with
General White standing on the bridge the
enthusiasm of the waiting multitude
broke loose, and ' a storm of cheering' and
LONDON, April 15, sa. m.— There has
been the usual Saturday's absence
of news both from the War Office
and other sources of Information.
The situation in its chief points is
apparently unchanged.
Natives report at Kimberiey that
Colonel Douglas engaged the Boers near
Zwartzkop on Wednesday and succeeded
In driving them back. The British casual
ties were slight.
Elands Laagte last evening reported
that there had been no traces of the Boers
in that neighborhood for the past two
days. Their progress southward has been
effectively barred by the British occupa
tion of Joncr.oskop. on the left, and Um
rmlvranl on the right. The belief that
the Boers' action on Tuesday was due to
restlessness and dissatisfaction In the
ranks Is confirmed by natives, who say
that the Boers have been ready for some
titn© ar.d wanted the British to attack
Them. In order to force this the Boers
commenced shelling, at the same time
tending a force to make a flanking move
ment on the left. The natives also con
firm the statement that one of the Boers'
heavy jruns was put out of action and
the gunners driven off.
The scouts on Saturday located the
Boers in a strong- position eleven miles
northeast of the British advanced posi
tion at Blocmf ontein.
Lord Roberts has strongly protested to
President Kruger against the treatment
of prisoners, sick and wounded, in the
hands of the Boers, and has formally de
manded the observance of th« Geneva
convention.
It appear? from every indication -that
the Boers are preparing:, in the event of
Pretoria being captured, to make a last
Etar.d along a line reaching from Ley
denberg along the mountains into Swazi
land. A traveler recently arrived at
Bloeinfontein Fays that the Boers arc
energetically working to persuade the
Swazis that the British cause Is lost an<l
are seeking to ingratiate themselves,
hoping to secure a footing in Swaziland
peacefully, or to seize hold of the coun
try if necessary. s-» .
SPENCER WILKINSON
REVIEWS THE SITUATION
LON*DON, April 13.— Spencer Wilkinson,
reviewing: the situation in South Africa
at midnight for the 'Associated Press,
cay?:
"*\> tr.ay hay* tn wait a few days before Gen
eral Roberts opens his new campaign, hi« prin
ciple being never to start until all Is ready.
There Is no doubt now that he has been wait
ing for horses. About COOO horses reached Cape
Town this wwk an<J DGOO are due there next
\reek. W*, at this end. however, do not know
how the tray now 6tan<!s in the matter of re-
ZttOURtS.
The rw>pral r>o*ition now may bent be
fathered from a Fhort retrospect. Lord Uob
*Tts reached Bloemfonteln en March 13. the
army being: tired out with heavy inarches and
the horses for the most part ruined. He opened
the railway couth and settled down to rest and
refit his horses. The Boers within about a
fortnight had recovered their detachments from
further south and had regained their spirits.
On the 23th General Roberts had to push them
back from Karee Elding and about the same
time the Boers ret out on a bis raid south, be
gtar.iryr with the rurprlse at Eannas Post,
¦where they took a Uritish convoy on March tV
On April 4 the nrcrs effected a second surprise
end captured Redden-burg. Soon after this
they were attacking part of General Brabant's
division near Wepener. General Roberts was
not ready for a movement and he would not
be drawn Into any action. He took steps, how
| ever. «o puard his railway. That these were
*. '.ffectfve steps seems proved by the fact that
\tl.e Boers have not attacked his line. I£is
force since then has received part of the new
equipment and has been constantly Increased.
General Robert* reached Bloemfonteln with
I ONDON, April 15.— A special dispatch from Bloemf ontein dated
"A patrol of Royal Irish, with whom was Lord Rosslynn,
has been captured. Lord Rosslynn has been sent to Kpoonstad."
Ceremonies of the Day a Peculiar Mixture of Sump
tuous Splendor in the j Salles dcs Fetes, and
Widespread Confusion Elsewhere*
ROYAL IRISH PATROL
CAPTURED BY THE BOERS
PRESIDENT LOUBET DULY
OPENS PARIS EXPOSITION
Among the Prisoners Taken Is Lord Rosslynn,
Who Has Been Sent to Kroonstad— Roberts'
Final Plans for the Advance*
VOLUME LXXXVH— NO. 146.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, APRIL 15, 1900- THIRTY-SIX PAGES.
Pages 17 to 26
The San Francisco Call
Pages 17 to 26
PRESIDENT LOUBET, WHO
OFFICIALLY STARTED THE
EXPOSITION.
WASHINGTON. April 14.—Presi
dent McKlnley to-day, sent the fol
lowing message to President Lou
bet:
"WASHINGTON. April 14. 1900.—
The President of the French Re
public, Paris: In the name of the
American people, and on behalf of
the Government of the United
States, I congratulate the Govern
ment of the republic and the
French nation on this conspicuous
inauguration of a great enterprise,
whose beneficent mission is to draw
closer the ties of intercourse that
Join all countries to their mutual
advantage." ' •* * ¦
"WILLIAM McKINLET."
economical revolution under our hand. We
have seen the forces of nature subdued and
disciplined. Steam and electricity, - reduced
to. the role of occult -servants, hare trans
formed the conditions of existence. Ma*
chinery has become the queen of the world.
Installed In power in our factories, constructed
of Iron and steel, she haa replaced by slow
but continuous Invasion the workers of flesh
and bone, of whom she makes auxiliaries.
What a chance In human relations! Dis
tances diminish to the point of disappearing.
In a few hours are devoured distances which"1 tried it for a severe and continued backache
and found Peruna the only remedy so far tried
that could ever care me. lam well and strong
now, and although four months have passed since
my recovery, I have not bad a moment's pata ?>
since." Address The Peruna Medicine Co., Co-
lumbus, 0., for *'Facts and Faces," containing the
words of the people concerning Peruna. Sent
free to any address.
Catarrbal Weakness Cared.
Mrs. Jane Baxter, President Grand Army Relief
Corps, Fremont, Wash., writes: "Last spring /
had occasion to observe the .
beneficent results of Peruna
when a prominent member of £J/^&&gi
our Relief Corps, who had suf- jL Vft
fered torture with kidney and \{J\ y
other troubles of the pelvic y^" Sk<<\
organs, was completely re- J.'^Psy^'^^o^:
stored through the persistent x^|%gi>4|?
use Of it, while no physician Mrs. Jane Baxter.
seemed able to cure her. l '
Catarrhal Debility Cured. £
Mattie B. Curtis, Secretary Legion of Loyal
Women, writes from Hotel Salem, Boston, Mass.,
as follows : "I suffered for over a year with gen-
eral weakness and debility, manifested especially
in severe backache and head-
ache. My physician pre-
scribed different medicines,
none of which seemed to help
me any until [a club associate
advised me to try Peruna, as
it cured her of constitutional
he ada che and stomach
troubles. lat once ordered a
bottle and before it was used
felt greatly improved. I have
Ed his mind, and when President Loubet
concluded ha remained seated. The or
chestra then rendered Salnt-Saen's
"Hymn to Victor Hugo," and President
Loubet descended from the tribune.
A detachment of Republican Guards
then hied in and lined the passage across
the hall to the grand staircase at the op
posite side on which was ranged a dou
ble line of Republican Guards. The Pres
ident made his way across the hall amid
a renewed storm of cheering, ascended the
staircase of honor and entered 'the recep
tion hall, where the ceremony of the pre
sentation of foreign Commissioners was
gone through with. The President and
his party then proceeded to a tour of the
grounds.
Cheered by . Americans.
A momentary stop was made In the gal
lery of the agricultural building, where
the President secured his first view of the
interior of any of the exposition build
ings. The outlook across the vast area
was disappointing in that the ground
space was tilled with debris and the In
stallation of exhibits barely under way.
Passing* through the interior of the struc
ture, the Salon d'Ponneur was inspected
and the party emerged into the open air
in the Champs de Mars. From the top
of the broad stretch of ground extending
from the Chateau d'Eau, across the
d'lena bridge to the Troadero, the sight
was an inspiring and .brilliant one.
Soldiers lined both sides of the railroad,
saluting the Presidential party as it
passed. Military bands stationed at close
Intervals made the echoes of the "Mar.
sellalse" reverberate from buildtng to
building, while the crowds which lined
the walks back of the soldiers waved
hands, handkerchiefs and hats as Presi
dent Loubet passed along. Here and
there some raised cries of "Vive Loubet"
and "Vive la Republique." The bridge
d'lena was crossed and at the other end
gayly festooned barges awaited. To the
booming of cannon and tho cheers of the
spectators President Loubet, tho Minis
ters, the diplomatic corps and distin
guished guests embarked, and preceded by
a small naval tug started up the Seine to
ward the bridge Alexander 111. Though
the right bank of the Seine contained
many interesting structures, those in the
Presidential barges gave most attention to
the left bank, along which are the build
ings of the various nations. Each nation
has made an effort to outdo the others in
the homage paid the Presidential barge as
It steamed slowly along. Before each na
tional pavilion the legation staffs had
gathered with their friends.
President Loubet stood in the stern
watching interestedly the architectural
accomplishments which the countries of
the world had presented aa a portion of
their exhibit. . ' ... •'
At the United States pavilion many
guests were assembled, and they cheered
while the Stars and .Stripes were dipped
on one flagpole while the French tricolor
wasa lowered from another. At the ' Ale
xander Bridge the President declared the
structure officially opened, and then, land-
Ing, the party proceeded through the
magnillcent Avenue Nicholas II to the
gate of the Champa Elysees, -where state
carriages were taken to the palace. Thus
the ceremony came to an end and the
crowds dispersed to their homes.
Praise the Big Show.
General Horace Porter, United States
Embassador, after the inaugural cere
mony, said to a representative of the As
sociated Press:
The present French exposition will attract
even greater' Interest than any previous effort
made in Paris to display before the world the
products of the various nations. Every gov
ernment of any Importance will be represented,
and In the- way of clght-seelng and the gather
ing of general Information a vUlt. to It will
be equal to making a tour of th* world.. Owing
to the broad views and the public spirit early
manifested by President McKinley regarding
this enterprise and to the liberality of Congress
In providing means for organizing a creditable
and attractive American section our country
has secured a representation which will arouse
universal interest. The Increase In our com
merce with Kuropean nations which will result
In this systematic and extensive display of
products will without doubt enlarge- our for
eign trade to such a marked degree that the
country will be repaid many times for the
wise expenditures authorized by the Govern
ment. The friendly intercourse which will take
place between prominent and influential people
from all lands will do much. It is trusted, to
bring about better understandings between the
countries and to foster that good will which
Is so necessary among nations In securing an
era of harmony and peace.
United States Commissioner General
Ferdinand W. Peck said:
The exhibits of the (?rea.t International expo
sition Inaugurated to-day reflecting; the arts.
Fciences and Industries of the present age will
by an achievement of heretofore unequaled per
fection. At no other similar event have the
nations of the world so elaborately and am
bitiously participated. While artistic archi
tectural generalities are not lacking and th«
ennembllns; of the buildings and gardens will
be bright, yet this exposition will be most
noted for the exhaustiveneas of Its exhibits and
for the Intelligence of their arraneement and
the beauty of their installation. A roW medal
at Paris In 1900 will be a trophy of which any
exhibitor may be proud. It will mean su
premacy over the best mankind can accom
plish. The United States will be represented
by the largest . number of exhibitors of any for
eign nation, and the awards for which our ex
hibitor* v. 11l struggle will be a test of the
quality of our representation and will evidence
the rewards of our achievements.
ENGLISH PRESS
CRITICIZES THE
ARMY OFFICERS
Conservative Organs Cry
Out for a New and
Better System.
Couragu Is Admittted by All, but
Leaders Are Accused of Careless-*
ness, Negligence and
Stupidity.
Copyrighted. 1500, by the Associated. Prew.
LONDON. April 14.— The unsatisfactory
turn that has recently marked the cam
paign against the Boers is resulting in
astonishing and sweeping criticisms by
the English papers of their own army
methods. When Buller struck snags in
Natal, when General Methuen and General
Gatacre made terrible mistakes, and be
fore the British arms had secured any
progress a somewhat similar wave swept
over the press. But then it was directed
at individuals and chiefly confined to pa
pers which were willing to condescend to
"slang" one or several generals. Now
names are not mentioned, but there is
widespread, deeply rooted conviction that
the method of selection of British army
officers is altogether wrong. About this
conviction there is no bitterness, nor is
it based upon conclusions rapidly arrived
at. "Our officers," says the conservative,
common-sense Outlook, "are as brave as
lions, but as. a rule they are stupid."
"The warmest champions of our regi
mental orileers," says the Saturday Re
view, "are beginning sorrowfully to admit
that their courage oxten makes them care
less and when not negligent they some
times show themselves ignorant of their
business."
Vanity Fair, which formerly denounced
vigorously any sucn forms of criticism,
admits borrowfully thai "our officers
seem to play at war rattier than to carry
on war. It is all -wrong." ¦
Referring to a much commented on let
ter written by Colonel l.onsdale Hale to
the limes on this subject, in which
Colonel Hale declares that the constant
mental strain and incessant carefulness*
becomes unbearable. Vanity Fair says:
"What of the strain that a naval onleer
nas to bear when he knows his ship may
be torpedoed at any moment? American
naval officers have borne the strain well
Cannot our English soldiers bear less?"
The paper concludes by advocating that
army officers be treated with, the same
discipline and training as naval olficers.
Military Schools Needed.
The Saturday Review advocates good
military schools and reform at Sandhurst
The Outlook urges that the navy methods
be applied to the army, which, it is de
clared, is little better than' a social club.
But beneath these outcries against indi
vidual incompetence and lack of brains on
tHe part of army otflcers, which, since tho
war began has been constantly causing the
lass of detachments and positions, and
especially during the last fortnight, there
is an underlying and sometimes expressed
determination that England's army must
not longer be oincered by men whose
claims to commissions rest almost solely
on birth and money. In other words, the
army must be so changed that an olficer
can live on his pay, and \hus attract to
its rank that hardiest element of the race
the young man who relies upon brains
alone to make his way in the world.
This is not the result of agitation by a
demagogic press or the less influential sec
tion of the public. It Is an almost unani
mous deduction drawn from lessons of the'
present war by papers controlled in many
cases by aristocrats, by organs that are
notoriously reluctant to lend their influ
ence to popular movements and by the
keenest and most unbiased students of
national Institutions, Including members
of the Cabinet Itself.
The untoward circumstances which
have brought such radical defects In the
system into prominence are doubtless
themselves exiggerated in English public
opinion, though this fact will not lessen
the good effects of the agitation referred
to.
The premature self-congratulation over
the occupation of Bloemfonteln has had a
reaction somewhat similar to that which
followed the iir?t victories in Natal. As
the Saturday Review says, "Too soon did
we congratulate ourselves «n the posses
sion of Bloemfonteln, and too little did we
realize that the possession of such a capi
tal does not Imply much." It then pro
ceeds to instance the capture of Philadel
phia by the British In the war for inde
pendence, showing Us uselessness and
eventual evacuation.
Dewey in English Eyes.
Not a little interest is beginning to l,e
taken In England In politics In the United
States. Admiral Dewey's candidacy is re
garded rather more humorously than hi
any other light, tho popularity of the ad
miral having never been quite understood
In England nor his achievements thor
oughly appreciated by the naval or lay
circles, whose attention haa always been
more confined to our naval operations in
the West Indies than in Manila.
The Spectator, which so often voices
Government opinion, has a lengthy and
important editorial on the relations in the
immediate future between America and
Great Britain during which it says in
part:
"The British people will have to krep
their tempers for the next few months
when they consider American affairs?. By
rather an odd series of circumstances it
happens that the pivot of the next election
will be the relation of the United States
and Great Britain and, of course. In the
frenzy of campaign very hard things will
be said. Air. Bryan and his supporters
will, perhaps, pass resolutions in- the
Democratic convention culling upon the
Government to intervene strongly In be
half of President Kruger, who either by
instinct or craftiness always appeals to
them through literature which they 'know
best— the Old Testament. Wo shall have
a shower of hard words from their side
and maybe even difficult and perplexed
argument to maintain through Lord
Paunccfote.
McKinley's Prospective Attitude.
"And, too, we shall not be very strenu
ously defended by the Republicans. Pres
ident McKinley will persist in his policy
and carry his party with him, but still he
is the American candidate for the Presi
dency, and cannot bear, with the second
term at stake, to lose a vote. • McKinley.
therefore, and the Republican leaders, will
do nothing to show themselves- friends of
Great Britain. They will utter , no plain
protest against the chorus, of Ignorant
denunciation, and will view, with dismay
any appearance on this side of any hearty
wish for Republican success. We must,
however, possess our souls in patience and
receive American censure with that dogged
stolidity with which we receive censure
from the remainder of the world. The
electoral campaign will come to an end,
and with It most of the attacks upon
Grrat Britain. The better opinion In the'
United" States,. Including, we believe, a
majority of the population. Is upon tho
whole friendly to us and fully convinced
that all the world over British and Amer
ican interests are the same. Neither na
tion desires anything except to trade in
peace. Of one thing we may be sure:
the Americans will not caricatures the
Queen. In the fiercest of their electoral
battles they will respect the aged lady
who forty years ago was on their side in
the civil war and who is now the only
monarch In Europe who watches their
prosperity with ungrudging pleasure and
without the idea that their growth, wealth
and influence is a menace to the world."
This article voices better than anything
that has. recently appeared the tone
toward America held by British Govern
ment officials and by those who are serl-
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
m M
Dr. Humphreys' Famous Specific "Sev-
enty-rseven" breaks up Colds that hang
on. Grip, Influenza, Cold In the Head (a
perfect specific). Catarrh, Coughs, Sore
Throat, Pains in ' the Back . and Chest,
General Prostration and Fever,
i ¦'••jr* restores the checked, circulation
(Indicated by a chill or ihlver). starts the
blood. coursing through the veins and so
breaks up the Cold.
, '77"' consists .of a small vial of. pleasant
pellets, just fits the vest pocket; at drug
stores or mailed on receipt of price, 25c.
Dr. Humphreys 1 , Book of Diseases sent
free. Be sure to get
HUMPHREYS'
FUNERAL OF FIELD
MARSHAL STEWART
British Warrior Buried at London
With the Fullest Military
Honors.
LONDON. ApriI 14.— The funeral of Field
Marshal Sir Donald Martin Stewart, who
died at Algiers on March 26 in his seventy
seventh 3 f ear, took place in the historic
chapel of Chastca Hospital this afternoon.
It was conducted with the fullest mili
tary honors and In the presence of a rep
resentative of Queen Victoria, who placed
on the coffin a wreath bearing an auto
craph inscription of her Majesty's hl^h
regard for the distinguished veteran. The
Prince of Wales was represented, while
the commander in chief of tho army. Lord
Wolseley. and the whole of the general
staff, beside a host of high naval and
military officials, were present. The
march to Brompton Cemetery furnished
a grand military spectacle and was wit
nessed by thousands of persons.
Marquis de Gallifet Very Ill.
PARIS. April 14.— The Marquis de Galli
fet. Minister of War, who has been suf
fering from inflammation of the joints of
the foot for the past few days, caught
cold yesterday. His physician announces
that pneumonia has developed to-day and
his condition Is very serious.
PRESENTS FOR PRISONERS.
PRETORIA, April 13.— United States
Consul Adelbert S. Hay has received six
• /^ I life 111 W u_J V iTjk^ ©
I Wu and Si i n kpn CM ppk^ !
• Tel! of cominsr nervous prostration. These symptoms serve to warn you that ©
® «^B^JSBI /^flSfemraß^L. danger threatens. ®
I HHI HUDYAN AVERTS THE DANGER. |
O |BBmß^ft™B«greM n| or HUDYAN cures all weak-nerve conditions. HUDYAN brings back the <»
• Mjj^O^aPSlßl jHSBf so w ot health — rosy complexion and bright eyes. Q
• "t^j^jffl^^^Kflraf jSLww * s J . our a PP ct ' te P oor - your digestion impaired (2), your tongue coated. ®
• ißßaHyJifeglareMffViJ^Hl^r your skin harsh and dry. your memory poor? If so, take HUDYAN. Are ®
5- ¦BHR^^^|^SBR>*v^Hy you weak, irritable, cross, despondent, gloomy, nervous? Do you lack con- 2
5 i^BIa&tSjpBBBK' SyJW fidence in yourself? If so, "HUDYAN will cure you." g
£ Do I' ol . l suffer w »th headache (.i). backache, pain in joints (6). fluttering A
• W il ' Wt f Ml^ffljHi V\ °* heart (i). a feeling of exhaustion, dizziness, cold extremities (5). nausea, a O
• WBaBwBaaiWHH^BaHUJ^ tendency to faint, dark circles under eves (4>. ringing in ears, shaking knees ©
• Mh§ weakness of limbs, pale or sallow complexion? * ' ©
• 13BS»ij|«3§59M^ y° u do, get HUDYAN at once. "It will cure you." '• ©
S k/sS mSSSSBS HUDYAN cures tremblings, sleeplessness, coated tongue, costiveness, bloating of stom- °
2) Tl»i a ? n> snar o Pains, shooting pains, lack of cnererv. failing memory, twitching of muscles hor- 2
• EBttmo WBoB r '^ dreams, smothering spells and all other distressful symptoms that arise as a result of ft
• iP £tf JM weakened nerves and nerve-centers. All the above symptoms denote nerve-weakness ' o
• « wf «X HUDYAN is a nerve remedy that h suDerior to any others, and is recognized <o O
S ifft ffl 11 b - v cminenl medical wen. HUDYAN is, an unfailing specific for all the conditions men- •
2 IBh WsxM tioned above. _ * ©
• m ffl Be Cured by HUDYAN, Don't Become a Nervous Wreck. I
S '/ ImHm BBtj HUDYAN i 3 for men and women, and cures permanently. O
2 : 1 1 sf G ft Hud ya i\i T^? ssi^ soc a ¦>«!««. six •
r )/ II Hf IHb *-** ¦ C-# JU^ M jMklw packages $2. so. It your dri'tr-i** <* n *c O
lIH if ffitte&^STFJSJStS^ REMEDY co - - S -K &S I
S X3S ¦ MS9 ¦ ' ~* VUrlte your symptoms. 6
lhofT..- ml \ HUp!A^Rim EE CIRCULARS .AND TESTIMONIALS. OF THE GREAT S
Not Challenged to a Duel.
PARIS. April 14.— The story published in
the United States yesterday that Charles
H. Simms. the assistant director of the
United States department of liberal arts
and chemical industries at the Paris Ex
hibition, had been challenged to fight a
duel by a Parisian editor, who. It was al
leged, had taken offense et certain criti
cisms made by Mr. Simms in regard to
French lack of energy, is absolutely with
out foundation.
Indian Crucifixion Story Untrue.
CITY OF MEXICO, April 14.— There is
no truth In the story telegraphed to the
United States that an Indian has been
crucified In connection with a passion play
near here.
and Battery V opened In an attempt to
silence these guns, whose chance of es
cape seemed very slender.
"But here an exciting and unlooked for
change occurred. French, once more real
izing that extension on his right was the
thing to effect, gave orders to that end,
and, riding himself to make his disposi
tions, suddenly discovered on a ridge be
fore him a party of about fifty Boer sharp
shooters, v:ho not only drove off the gen
eral and staff, but forced the retirement
of the whole right wing, barring a squad
ron of Household with two Maxims, some
mounted infantiy with a Maxim and a
squadron of Remington's guides posted In
broken ground in our right and under
sharp fire from the kopjes we had ne
glected to seize. Battery P at first re
garded a target of forty or fifty Boera
beneath contempt, and then, finding what
an effective fire they could direct and
misunderstanding French's orders to them
to shell the ridge, the battery limbered
up to retire. French and staff had luckily
escaped without Injury, except a horse
shot. He himself dashed' down ahead of
the battery and corrected the error, but
our advance was stopped for an hour and
twenty minutes, we suffered nearly fifty
casualties and. more Important than all.
and a half tons of presents for British
military prisoners, mostly from England
and the Cape, comprising luxuries, grocer
ies, cigars, clgsrettes and boxes for the
hospitals. It has all been admitted duty
free to the Transvaal and every facility
afforded, which has greatly gratified Mr.
Hay. He recently visited the prisoners at
Watervaal, and says that he found every
thing as well as could be expected under
the circumstances.
Good Friday was observed as a holi
day through the republic. All Is reported
quiet at the front.
FRENCH WAS FOILED
BY A FEW RIFLEMEN
Correspondence of the Associated Press.
LONDON, April 7.— General French, in
trying to intercept the main body of
Boers In their retreat at Poplar Grove,
was foiled by a few riflemen. A Dally
News correspondent describes how this
came about:
"About 6000 yards from the square
kopje at Dreifonteln a three-inch creusot
and a Vickers-Maxim opened fire on our
advance. A great many shells were
thrown. We. however, suffered no loss,
the enemy was moving while Wa were held
and got off his guns and stores. A most
gallant stand, brilliantly executed.
"We had the chagrin of watching from
the disputed ridge the distant retirement
of the Boer convoy. Xot till next day did
we hear that President Kniger had been
present at the battle and that we might
have even captured him and brought the
war to a sudden end but for the ill starred
contraction of our right wing, which In
dealing with an enemy of such mobility
as the Boers was on much too short a
radius and which had no justification In
any effort on tha part of the enemy to
break through our center, who. on tha
contrary, throughout the day consistently
rallied on his left, actually outfianlctns
our contracted right between 9 and 10 a.
m. and again at 1 p. m.
"Wednesday morning the cavalry drvt
slon camped In Drelfontein. at th» rear ot
the enemy's position and across his Una
of retirement, which was marked for
miles by the Jettfem of a hurried retreat—
bags of flour, mealies, bran and odds and
ends of all sorts."
SAILED FOB ST. HELENA.
CAPE TOWN. April It.— The transport
Lake Erie with upward of 800 Transvaal
prisoners. Including French. German and
Russian members of the Foreign Legion,
captured at Boshof. sailed for St. Helena
to-day.
Mattie B. Curtis.
Mrs. Jane Baxter.
taken four bottles and for two months have been
'entirely free from these maladies. Several of my
friends are using Peruna with beneficial results,
especially in coses of trouble with the kidneys
and other pelvic organs, together with weakness
peculiar to women." ~~— -
COMPROMISE
MEAT BILL IS
TO BE PASSED
German Reichstag Will
Reach an Agreement on
the Question.
Berlin Government Determined, How
ever, to Continue to Fight
the Extreme AgTa
rians.
CepyrUfrted. 1800. by the Associated Press.
BERLIN, April 14.— Th« chances for a
compromise on the meat bill are steadily
lncreaslng. and the probabilities are that
a compromise satisfactory ulike to the
Government and to the Reichstag will
finally b« adopted. Th«* vacation of the
Heichst&g ha* been used for the purpose
of preparing such m compromise.
The Nord l>eutsche Allgcmeine pub
lishes a long article explaining why the
committee's leport on the meat bill •was
not acceptable to the Government In view
of the fact that It would surely precipi
tate unpleasant and mutually unprofitable
cifferences with other powers, besides un
duly increasing tb« price of "one of the
most necessary nutriments both for high
tand low, whose exclusive production b>
German agriculturo would be doubtful
even then." This paper also points out
that the Government meat bill in Its orig
inal shape meant v considerable benent
to German agriculture, and this has been
acknowledges* by such Consei vutive lci.d
trs as Count yon Mierbacn ami Huron yon
Jttanteufel. The article Hioiigiy advises
tne agrarian extremists not to bend the
bow 100 lar. lest v should i.rrak. Ctr
tuinly the Bunaesrath will never consent
lo tne txtieme form pnjpcsed by the
Keichi-'tiig committee.
Will Tight Extreme Agrarians.
Negotiations between the Government
representatives and a number of leading
Conservatives have been going on for tha
i>a*st fortnight and have now proceeded
lar enough to permit it to be said that
v.hen the Reichstag returns, week alter
next, the chances of tne compromise bill
j:assjng will be much better. At the same
time me Government has made up its
mind lo fight tne extreme agrarians ana
especially the Federation oi Husbandry.
The Conservative i>trties, waich hitherto
went along with those extremists mort»
or less wiuingly. now declare their inten
tion to separate on this issue. The well
known Conservative leadtrs thus declar
ing are Herren yon Mlrbach, Alanteuiel,
L*vet*ow, Kllnkowetruem and Kropat-
Kbck.
The Government now believes that the
compromise measure, which is sure to b*
adopted and passed, will not meet with
fctrious objections In the I'nited States
One of the arguments used by the Gov
ern.nent with the agrarians was to point
put how oxports to the I'nlteJ States had
been enormously growing lately, espe
cially agricultural products.
Prepa rations have begun for grandly re
ceiving the Emperor of Austria here on
May o. The municipality will beautifully
decorate the whole uistunoe from the An
halter dei>ot. where Franz Josef will ar
rive, to the Brandenburg gate. Pariser
platz and L'nter den Linden to the castle
Three triumphal arches will be erected
to break the monotony on the way. The
SO.OiW Austrians residing in Berlin are
making arrangements tor illuminating at
nieht and to display Austrian flag*
Throughout the city. Thousands of busts
ff the Emperor of Austria, will be placed
la enow windows.
Spirit Mediums in Demand.
Spiritualistic seances and manifests-"
tions have become a fad in Germany. In
Uerlin such seances occur every night
r.ew "mediums" appear almost dally and*
The papers publish statements pro and
con. In Catholic Germany this is also the
case, especially in liavaria. The episco
pacy of AURsburg has issued an encyclical
to the clergy warning them against the
lad. threatening to Interdict it and re
minding them that Catholicism has "al
ways declared against spiritualism as a
crocs euperstltion."
United State* Consul General F. H. Ma-
Fan gave a farewell dinner to-night to
James C. Monaghan, who has resigned
the consulate at Chemnitz and who re
turns to the I'nited States. The dinner,
which took place at the Palace Hotel
was attended by the I'nited States Em
ha^sador, Andrew D. White, the members
of the United States embassy and a num.
t>er of the United States Consuls In Ger
many. Mr. Mason made the introductory
speech and James C. Monaghan gave a
confidential professional talk.
Mr. Mason to-morrow afternoon will
five a muslcale for the Consuls. Mr.
White will give them a reception on Sun
day evening and Special Treasury Agent
Partello will do the same on Monday.
Under the editorship of Frank K. Mal
3ett haa been bepun the publication of a
•weekly, the Anglo-German and German
News, at Cologne.
SCENES IN THE
BURGHER CAMPS
ON THE VELDT
How the Boer Patriots
Prepare Their Simple
Laagers.
Many Women Accompany Each Com
mando to Care for the
Wounded and Comfort
the Dying.
Correspondence of the Associated Presa.
LONDON, April 7.— A. C. Hales, the
Australian correspondent, who was cap*
tured by the Boers and released by- Pres
ident Steyn, writing from Burghersdorp
to the Dally News says:
"Many and wonderful are the stories
written and published concerning th»
Boer and his habits when on the war
path. Most of these stories are written
by men who take good care never to get
within a hundred miles of the fighting
line, but content themselves with an easy
chair, a cigar, a bottle of whisky and
carpet slippers on the stoop of some
good hotel In a pretty little Boer town.
"Possibly It may interest English
mm- and women, too, for that matter-*
to know what a fighting laager is like,
and, as I have seen half a dozen of them
on the enemy's side of the wall, a rough
pen and ink sketch may not be amiss.
In war times ..he Boer never under any
circumstances makes his laager In the
open country if there are any kopjes
about. No matter how seeuie he Utd.y
fancy himself from attack, no matter
if there is not a foe within fifty miles
of him, the Boer commander always
pitches his laager In a place of safety
between two parallel lines of hills, so that
an attack cannot be made upon him.
either front or rear, without giving him
an immense advantage over the attack-
Ing force, even if the enemy is ten times
as strong in numbers. By this means
the Boers make their laagers almost im
pregnable. If they have a choice or
ground they pick a narrow ravine or
gully, with a line of hills, front and rear,
covered by small," rocky boulders and
bushes. They drive their wagons in be
tween these hills.
Many Women With the Warriors.
"The women are placed in safety— for it
is a noticeable fact that very large num
bers of women have followed their hus
bands and brothers to the war not to
handle the rifle but to nurse the wounded,
to comfort the dying and to lay out the
dead. 1 have hoard them singing round
the camphrea in the starlight, out it was
hymns that they sang, not ribald songs.
1 have seen them kretllng by the side of
men in the moonlight— noi in wantonness
but In mercy— and many a man who wears
the British uniform to-day can bear me
witness that 1 speak the truth.
"The Boer never if he can help it allows
himself to be separated from his horse,
and these hardy little animals, mostly
about fifteen hands high and very lightly
framed, are picketed close to the spot
where the rider deposits his rifle and
blankets. If the Boers allow them to
praze on the hillsides during the day they
run a rope through the hultt-r near th»*
horse's muzzle and tie it close above the
knee Joint of the near fore leg. L'y this
means the horse can graze In comfort,
but cannot move away at any pace be
yond a slow walk, and so is easily caught
and saddled if required in a hurry. Tht.
oxen and sheep to be used for slaughter
ing purposes are driven up close to the
camp; a wagon or two Is drawn across
the ravine above and below them, ana
they then cannot stampede if frightened
by any thing, unless they climb the rocky
heights on either side of them, which they
have email chance of doing, a* the Kaffir
herdsmen sleep on the hills above them
"Having pitched his laager, the soldier
sends out his scouts. Some amble off on
horseback at a pace they call a 'trifle'—
a salt which all the Boers educate their
nags to adopt. It is no exactly an amble,
but a cousin to it, marveloualy easy to the
rider, while it enable* the nag to get
over a wonderful lot of ground without
tiring.. It also allows the horse to pick its
way among the rocky ground and to pave
his legs, where an English, Indian or Aus
tralian horse would be apt to cripple him
self in a very short time. .
Boer Sentries Never Sleep.
"As soon as the mounted scouts get off
on their Journey, holding the reins care
lessly In the left hand, their handy little
Mauser rifles In their, right, swaying care
lessly in the saddle after the fashion of
all bush riders the world over, the foot
scouts take up their position among the
rocks and shrubs on the hills In front and
rear of the laager. Each scout has his
rifle In his hand, his pipe in hts teeth, his
bandolier full of cartridges over his shoul
der, and his scanty blanket under his left
arm. No fear of him sleeping at hln
post. He is fighting for honor, not for
pay: for home, not for glory, and he
knows that on his acutcness the lives of
all may depend. He knows that his com
rades and the women trust him, and he
values the trust as dearly an British sol
diers ever did. No matter how tired he
may be. no matter how famished, the
Boer sentinel is never faithless to his
orders.
When the scouts are out the laager is
fixed for the night— not a very exhaustive
proceeding, as the Boers don't go in for
luxuries of any kind. Here a tarpaulin
in stretched over a kind of temporary
ridg« pole, blankets are tossed down *>n
the hard earth, saddles are used for pil
lows, and the couch is complete. A little
way further down the line a rude canvas
screen is thrown over the wheels of a
wagon- and a family— or. rather, husband
and wife — make themselves at home under
the wajron. while the single men simply
throw themselves at full length on the.
ground, wrap their ono thin, small blan
ket around them, and smoko and lest
merrily enough, while the Kaffirs- light
the fires and mako the coffee."
PRESIDENT LOUBET
OPENS EXPOSITION
Continued From Par* IT.
PeranavrhCSpring Catarrh Remedy.
THE ...BAN. FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 15, 1900.
ously Interested in the relation* of th«
two countries.. , - "¦•¦¦¦
The statement that the Senate will not
ratify the Hay-Pauncefote convention thlß
year has created little comment. Those
who maintain that England had given
something for nothing In th« Nicaragua
agreement express pleasure and nop«
that it will never be ratified, while those
who supported the convention accept the
postponement of action aa the. most-ad
visable step In view of political conditions
in the United States. The Saturday Re
view says:
"Whether McKlnley's attitude regard
ing South Africa will remain equally cor
rect depends entirely not on his senti
ments toward us, but upon the success of
Lord Roberts."
B OORD'B
/"CAT OX BARREL."\
V. LONDON. EMGLANO. /
OLD TOM, DRY
andSLOEGINS
ORANGE
BITTERS.
CTIABLE3 MEPTBCKg & CO..
4.GEXT& XU Efccrcaento tV, & F., Gtl
«mmA" am caster QffrmHft to the wfowJAFnicnoVtrfH catarrh, pfpflll
18
ADVERTISEMENTS.CHINESE HYPOCRISY.
-Peking Government Pretends to
Move Againt the "Boxers."
SHANGHAI. China, April 15.— Tho Chi
nese government . has sent 7000 troops to
Shantung to suppress the "Boxers." How
ever, it is notorious that the majority of
the troops are members of the same so
ciety. ¦— ' ' '
x Bicycles'!
X $40 and $50 J
X LEAVITT~& BILL, |
? 309 Lerkin Street, S. F. +
+ 20 San Pablo Avc, Oakland. +
+- Bargains In Second-Hand Wheel*. .+.
+ Scad for Price LUC
COLONEL. GEORGE H. SMITH, WHO HAS BEEN APPOINTED A SU
PREME COURT COMMISSIONER.
To Prove What Swamp-Root, the Great Kidney Remedy,
Will Do for You, Every Reader of the "Call" May
Have a Sample Bottle Sent Free by Mail.
It used to bs considered that only urinary and bladder trou-
bles were to be traced to the kidneys, but now modern science
proves that nearly all diseases have their bsgtnning in tho dis-
order of these most Important organs.
The kidneys filter and purify the blood — that is their work.
So when your kidneys are weak or out of order, you can
understand how quickly your entire body is affected, and how
every organ seems to fail to do its duty.
If you arc sick or ••feel badly." begin taking the new dis-
covery, Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root, because as soon as your kid-
neys ars well they will help all tho other organs to health. A
trial will convince any one*
The mild and immediate effect of Dr.
Kilmer's Swamp-Root, the great kidney
remedy, is soon realized. It stands the
highest for its wonderful cures of the
most distressing cases. Swamp-Root
will set your whole system right, and
the best proof of this is a trial.
Weak and unhealthy kidneys are re»
sponsible for more sickness and suffer-
ing than any other disease, and if per-
mitted to continue fatal results are
sure to follow. Kidney trouble irritates
the nerves, makes you dizzy, restless,
sleepless and irritable. Makes you pass
water often during the day and obliges
you to get iip many times during the
night. Causes puffy or dark circles un-
der the eyes, rheumatism, gravel, ca-
tarrh of the bladder, pain or dull ache
in the back. Joints and muscles, make 3
your head ache and back ache, causes
indigestion, stomach and liver trouble;
you get a sallow, yellow complexion:
malrßS you feel as though you had !
heart trouble: you may have plenty of
ambition, but no strength; get weak
and waste away.
If your water when allowed to remain
undisturbed in a glass or bottle for
twenty-four hours forms a sediment or
settling or has a cloudy appearance, or
If small particles float about in it. it is
evidence that your kidneys and bladder
need immediate attention.
Swamp-Root Is the great discovery of
the eminent kidney specialist, Dr. Kil-
mer, and is used in the leading hos-
pitals, recommended by skillful physi-
cians in their private practice and is
taken by doctors themselves who hava
kidney ailments, because they recog-
nize in it the greatest and most suc-
cessful remedy for kidney and bladder
troubles that science has ever been ablo
to compound.
If you have the slightest symptoms
cf kidney or bladder trouble, or if there
is a trace of it in your family history,
send at once to Dr. Kilmer & Co.. Bing-
hamton. N. V.. who will gladly send you
by mall immediately, without cost to
you, a sampla bottle of Swamp-Root
and a book containing many of the
thousands upon thousands of testimo-
nial letters received from sufferers
cured. Be sure to say that you read
this generoii3 offer in the San Francisco
Sunday Call.
Swamp-Root is pleasant to take and
is for sale the world over at druggists
in bottles of two sizes and two prices —
50 cents and $1. Remember the name.
Swamp-Root, and the address. Bing-
hamton. X. Y.
19
Men's calf shoes, worth $2.50, for $1.25 a
air at the Boston Shoe Co.. 775 Market st*,
Bryan in New Mexico.
ALBUQUERQUE, N. M., April Ik— Hon.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
And she does not understand why. Her
work used to seem so easy. You could
tell her whereabouts as she worked by
the snatches of song which now and
again overflowed her happy lips. And
now she can hardly keep up. Ker head
pains, her back hurts, and she feels
i^Tit^i! rc^l v *wroro out w •
these are removed, jiSSj i\\\ t}
and the stomach Bw^/V^aA V\ Y>
and organs of.di- , «— -^
gestion and nutri- r^^g^f^SfSi^^!(X\
ness. There is no ife\rlF // /T/
medicine can %&svjr 'Lds4 ]
eqvial Dr. Pierces S|kls!|l segjpg |
Golden Medical TO^^Q^^ I
perfect cure for
diseases of the
ens the stomach, 'jjjfflffij^§g%Sg%ffi;
purifies the blood, Hm\\^^t^B^SS2Sj
nourishes the .
nerves, and brings 1 back the happy days
of ' bealth, < when life is all song and
sunshine.
."I suffered ten months from a complicated
ease of liver complaint, constipation, indiges-
tion, suppression of monthly function, and kid-
ney disease, too," writes Miss Lula M. Brittle,
of Ivor, Va. "I also suffered excruciating pain
in my back and head. lam glad to ray that
sir bottles of ' Golden Medical Discovery,' three
vials of Dr. Pierces Pleasant Pellets, and two
bottles of 'Compound Extract of Swart- Weed 1
cured me entirely. : I gladly, recommend Dr.
fierce* medicines to *U auficrcra.* r :
STRANGE STORY
OF CRIME TOLD
BY A YOUTH
George .Wilson Says He
Murdered a Tramp for
His Money.
Also Claims That He Called an Oak
land Man to His Door Last Fall
and Struck Him "With
a Hatchet.
Special IMspatch to The Call
LOS ANGELES, April 14.— Details of
the confession made by George Wilson,
the boy desperado Imprisoned in the
County Jail, have Just been made public.
The story he tells is startling and if true
clears up several mysteries which have
beeen puzzling authorities all over Cali
fornia.
Wilson claims it was he who murdered
the old tramp found with a crushed skull
at Whlttler, and confesses to having been
the perpetrator of the mysterious assault
on an Oakland householder. Both crimes
have up to this time been impenetrable
mysteries. Even the identity of the mur
dered tramp has not been ascertained.
- He had been hanging around Whlttier
for several months and seemed <to be a
morose and unsociable but perfectly
harmless old vagabond. One morning
la«t winter he was found dead under a
bridge which crosses the San Gabriel
River on the outskirts of the town. His
head had been smashed in with a blunt
instrument. The Sheriff's office was at
work on the case for some time, but
no clew to the perpetrator of the deed was
Young Wilson claims he killed the old
man in the night time for $5 25 that he
carried. He rays he hit him on the head
with a club and describes with consider
able zest the manner in which the blood
gushed out and spurted from the death
wounds of the poor old man.
The Oakland police will long remember
the mysterious assault which Wilson con
fesses to have committed. One night last
fall an Oakland man was called to hia
front door nt a late hour by a determined
rapping. He opened the door, and had
hardly time to maka out the indistinct
figure of a man when he was struck a
hard blow in the face with a hatchet. His
nssallant fled Into the night. Wilson says
he was the assailant.
W. J. Bryan delivered two addresses to
large audiences in Albuquerque to-day.
He leaves at midnight for El Paso. Tex.
Mr. Bryan said to-day that eight States
had authorized the delegates to the Kan
sas City convention to vote for his r.om
lnatioQ for the Presidency. In response
to a question, he said that he believed It
was right for delegates to go to the con
vention Instructed, and if he were nom
inated he wanted to be nominated by del
egates who were acting for the people.
ONE KILLED, AND TWO
INJURED IN A FIRE
Property Valued at Almost Half a
Million in Brooklyn
Destroyed.
NEW YORK, April 14.— One man was
killed and a man and a boy probably fa
tally injured In a $400,000 fire, which oc
curred to-night at Newton Creek and
Grand street, Wllllamsburg. Brooklyn.
The dead man Is John C. Donaldson, a
bookkeeper. The Injured are William D.
Donaldson, the 17-year-old son of the
dead man, and Stephen Moneypenny, a
laborer. These two are In the hospital.
They were on a building adjoining the
fire, when the flames made their position
perilous and they were obliged to jump.
The elder Donaldson received injuries
from which he died shortly after being piit
into the ambulance.
The loss is apportioned as follows: Wil
liam Knappman & Co.. whiting works,
$80,000; Danriet & Pell, lumber yard. $80.
000; H. Z. Johnson, lumber yard. $40,000,
and C. H. Reynolds & Sons, 'coal yard,
$200,000, besides slight damage to sur
rounding property.
Thrown From His Horse.
ANAHEIM, April 14.— Jose Guarrez died
to-day from Injuries sustained in a col
lision with a bicyclist Thursday. Guarrez
was riding horseback at full speed, and
while rounding a corner he dashed into a
wheelman. The latter was slightly hurt.
Guarrez was taught beneath his horse
and his skull was crushed.
ENCOURAGING REPORTS
TO LEAGUE COMMITTEE
Large Attendance at the Convention
of Republican Clubs Is Now-
Assured.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, April 14.— The executive
committee of the California League of Re
publican Clubs met thl3 evening. Colonel
George Stone, president of the State
League, presided. The committee heard
reports from all sources. That a large
attendance of delegates may be expected
was demonstrated by the enthusiasm
manifested in the newspapers of the State.
The executive committee, while urging
party organization and the formation of
clubs, laid particular stress upon the low
rates to Los Angeles during the conven
tion week from all parts of the State.
The tickets north of Elwood and Mojave
are now on sale under the certificate plan,
and It Is expected that by the middle of
next week the influx of visitors will be
gin. One feature that will aid in swelling
the crowd during convention week is that
these tickets also apply to the Knights
Templar of California, who will hold their
conclave a few days before the convention
meets. The two gatherings, occurring
during the same week, will serve to bring
thousands of prominent citizens from all
parts of the State to Los Angeles.
The committee is much pleased with the
financial showing that has been made.
Without regard to party citizens have
promptly responded with subscriptions, as
they realize that while this may be a Re
publican convention, the benefits to be de
rived will inu.re to the reputation of Lis
Angeles as a convention city; hence the
committee will be enabled to aid the mer
chants and others who will decorate by
adding several designs and a display of
bunting. This morning's mall brought In
scores of answers to the invitations to at
tend the convention that had been sent to
all of the prominent party workers and
citizens throughout the State and nation.
Their answers indicate that they are in
full sympathy with the movement of the
Republican League Clubs and that they
share the enthusiasm which is manifested
in endeavoring to make this one of the
most important gatherings in the history
of the league.
TELEGRAPHERS BOYCOTT
SOUTHERN RAILWAY
Hope to Make It Effective Through
Co-operation of Ticket and
Freight Agents.
ATLANTA, Ga.. April 14.— The Order of
Railroad Telegraphers to-night declared a
boycott on the Southern Railway and
hope to make it effective through the
ticket and freight agents of the United
States and the Federation of Labor. Tele
grams were sent to-night by President
Powell to the 20,000 ticket and freight
agents In the United States asking them
to route freight and passengers via other
lines than the Southern Railway pending
the settlement of the present trouble. A
message was also sent to President Gom
pers of ¦ the Federation of Labor request
ing him to boycott the railway.
President Powell claims the strike Is
more effective than any time since it 3 in
ception.
The railway people here say that both
passenger and freight traffic Is moving
with but trifling delay and that If It were
not for the newspapers they would not be
aware of any strike.
FIVE THOUSAND MEN
THROWN OUT OF WORK
Cigar-Makers Declare a Shutdown Is
Made to Prevent Their Aiding
Strikers. ;
NEW YORK. April 14.— Five thousand
cigar-makers employed by six of the
largest firms in that trade in this city
were notified this afternoon that there
would be no more work for them until
further notice. No reason was assigned
for the shut-down, but the cigar-makers
believe they have been locked out to pre
vent them contributing to the support of
the 2200 strikers in Kerbs. Werthelm &
Schiffer's factory, who have been out six
weeks.
STEAMERS COLLIDE.
Lakme and f Queen Elizabeth Come
Together and Both Are Damaged.
SEATTLE, April 14.— Steamer Lakrae
and the British ship Queen Elizabeth col
lided early this morning between Seattle
and Port Townsend. The total damage is
estimated at $3000. -
Both ships were about equally injured.
The Lakme was outward bound with a
load -of ¦> lumber for San Francisco. The
Queen Elizabeth was going to Port Blake
ley, towed by the tug Tyee. . .;
The accident was probably due to a mis
take in signals. The two vessels came to
gether with great force. The Lakme is
now at Seattle and the Queen Elizabeth
on the way to Port Blakeley.-
LOS ANGELES, April 14.— The State
Supreme Court Justices, now in
session here, to-day appointed
ColoneU^eorge H. Smith of this
city to succeed Judge E. W. Brltt
a3 Supreme Court Commissioner.
The Supreme Court Commission consists
of five members. The body islnon-partl
san In polities and at present Is constitut
ed of three Republicans and two Demo
crats. The Republicans are Chipman of
Tehama, Gray of Tulare and Haynes of
Los Angeles. The Democrats are Cooper
of Mendocino and the newly elected Com
missioner Smith of Los Angeles.
Brltt was a Democrat at the time of his
appointment from San Diego five years
ago, but Is now a Republican.
Judge Smith is the senior member of the
Los Angeles law firm of Smith, McNutt &
Hannon. He has resided in this city dur
ing the last thirty-two years. He repre
sented this county in the State Senate In
the Legislature of 1577-78.
Judge Smith is a writer of merit on
legal subjects, having won the $300 prize
offered by the American Philosophical So
ciety. He was born In Philadelphia Feb
ruary 2, 1534, but was raised in Virginia,
He entered the Confederate army as a
captain and rose to the rank of lieutenant
colonel.
Special Dispatch to the Call.
New Supreme Court Commissioner Well
Known as an Attorney in |
Los Angeles.
Special Dispatch to the «JalL
CHICAGO. April 14.— A Washington special to the Inter Ocean says: The
Dewey XBJp&XT is explained at last. The reason for the admiral's sudden an
nouncement of hlmsolf as a Presidential candidate and his bitter feeling to
vard McKir.k-y are cleared up by a discovery made to-day.
Adrniial Dewejf furnished a clew to the explanation by complaining to
friends tjjftti Mr. McKinley unjustly deprived him of 510,000. In the admiral's
opinion the President "robbed him."
The fcavis Tor tlv; charge is the fact that President McKinley has been
ur.abie to pay Admiral Dewey the same compensation as that received by civil
ian members of the late Philippine Commission, to wit, $10,000. The President
•wanted to pay this sum to the admiral, but the law would not permit. That
section of the statute which says no one shall hold two offices of trust and
profit under th* United States Government, where the compensation exceeds
J2SOO. was in the way. and though tn© President tried to find a way around the
statute nether he nor his law officers were able to do so, and Dewey cannot
have his $10,030.
A month ago Dewey called at the White House and asked Mr. McKinley
about compensation for his services as a member of the commission. The
President told him he wanted to pay him the same as other civilian members
were to receive.
Dewey then volunteered to the President the statement that, in his opin
ion, there was but one candidate for President in this country— that there
should be but one— McKinley.
"Ton have earned election and the people will give it to you," the admiral
ttli.
DeToey then went on to say tnat he had always been a Republican: that
ne was originally a Republican on the slavery issue, was afterward a Repub
lican on protection, then on the money question, and was now a Republican
on expansion. He thanked th« President for all past kindnesses and went
away In a .happy frame of mind. A few days later he started on his tour
through the South.
When Dewey returned from his Southern trip the first thing he heard at
the office of the Secretary of the Navy was that the law would not permit
hlra to draw SIO.OOO compensation. The admiral lost his temper. He swore at
the President in a most bitter way. He paced the floor of the room, ex
claiming that llcKinley had robbed him, had deprived him of his just dues,
had treated hfrn like a &0%, had trumped up this legal obstacle for the pur
pose of cheating and robbing him.
Incredible as it may appear, these were his expressions. He apparently
could riot find words vicious enough to express his feelings.
The admiral declared he would have vengeance, and 'ln a day or two not
only the people of the country, but Dewey's most Intimate friends, were
amazed and surprised at his announcement that he was a candidate for
President- From that day to this the admiral has been complaining of Mc-
Kinley and of the administration in general, and. through his fault finding,
the first information concerning the matter leaked out.
An investigation In administration circles discloses great unwillingness to
ta!k about the case. It is not denied the President refused to pay Dewey
th« sum paid to orher members of the commission, but Mr. McKinley has
Issued orders that not one word be said about the affair by any oC his ad
visers.
DON'T NEGLECT
YODR KIDNEYS:
Weak Kidneys Caused by Overwork*
by Lifting or a Strain.
COLONEL SMITH CHOSEN
TO SUCCEED JUDGE BRITT
CAUSE OF DEWEY'S
HATRED OF McKINLEY
Admiral Seeks to Defeat the President
Because He Was Not Permitted to
Draw Two Salaries.
DR. KILMER'S SWAMP-BOOT.
THE . SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 15, 1900.
DEWEY NOW
BEING TAKEN
SERIOUSLY
Politicians No Longer Ridi
cule the Candidacy of
the Admiral.
Interest Centers in the Declara
tion of Principle^ He Is Ex
pected to Announce
Soon.
Special Dispatch to The Call
CALL HEADQUARTERS. WELLING
TON' HOTEL/WASHINGTON. April 14.—
Republicans- and Democrats . here have
ceased their attempt to ridicule the can
didacy of Admiral Dewey and are
now seriously considering what his
Presidential prospects are and what ef
fect hia candidacy will have on the move
ment lv behalf of McKinley and Bryan.
Perry Belmont, who has declared his
Intention to support the cause of the ad
miral, says the sentiment In favor of
Dewey Is daily increasing, and the more
the subject is agitated the stronger It
grows. It is pretty well understood that
Mr. Belmont has confidence in Admiral
Dewey, and is being freely consulted as
to his political tactics.
While Mr. Belmont is here the admiral
will promulgate the statement In which
he will clearly define his present posi
tion. Immediately after this statement is
issued friends of the admiral in all parts
of the country will be consulted as to the
time and place for holding a general con
ference to decide whether it will be ad
visabU- to hold an Independent conven*
tion or depend upon the popularity of the
admiral to capture the Kansas City con
vention. Snapshot forecasts of Admiral
Dewey's expected platform are being
made.
The latest forecast relegates the money
question to the rear«»Lnd suggests mid
dle ground for the Philippine prob
lem — a vague position somewhere between
the McKinley plan of holding on and the
Bryan proposition of letting go. Practi
cal men in Congress do not take readily
to such a course, regarded either from a
political view or one of statesmanship.
Representative Livingstone of Georgia
voiced the sentiments of a large element
In the Democratic party to-day.
"We must stick or quit." he sal<3.
"There Is no middle ground. The Soutn
is not willing to relinquish sovereignty
over the Philippines. We want to see the
people given a wide measure of self-gov
ernment, of course, but no backing out
from the task ahead of us."
Representative Dalzell of Pennsylvania
expressed the sentiments of the Republi
cans. "There Is no middle ground policy
for Admiral Dewey," he Bald. "He will
have no following on an uncertain policy.
But, then, I don't think he Is a figure In
the situation, anyhow."
ilifll iiiiifii
MEDICINE I
HAIL I
ORDERS I
Rsceive immediate attention, prices 'A
ihs same as a personal visit to our t
tores. 0
Free delivery on $5.00 orders M
to railroad point? within 100 miles M
of San Francisco and Oakland. W
1900liLDSTBAiSCATALCGDEim. 1
I Swamp- Root -40c H
| Penma 85c Ij
1 Mrs. Pinkham's Compound... ..75c ||
Mellln's Focd, large size 55c |
Eagle Condensed Milk 15c l!
Nelson's Foot C:mfort <Po«ta«»sa) 20c p]
Dr. Piercs's Medical Discovery .. 75c Eg
Dr. Plerce's Favorite Prescription . 75c fij
! Carter's Dyspepsia Tablets ( S«j 40c I]
: fS3%? Carter's Liver Pills. 15c g
! . tSjjpl Hood's Sarsaparilla.7sc Q
I /3§i|jjk Calder's Denlins 15c g
\ 1
! 't^^TfW? Cut-Rate Drussfcrti. M
: KJWpSW //3S MARKET ST.. tl
: f^flfli SAJJ FRANCISCO. pt
? »tilr Mmrf 10th *ad Brotdwty. Oiklial [j
V /I
T T SUAI - LV with Easter comes fair ' H
l^^MS^^K fee With the assurance of good weather what better time |||
t^^^^^^'i^hit is there to buy a new suit? And what is more popular |||
pS^K^roa^ru or more Q es i rab ' e fi^ an a S oo^ b Jue serge? We have W&
W^Sggk )h~Ji3%&i tnat are made to look well and wear well — to please the g||
0&&?> "^^ih^l We have sold these serges now for over two months, |||
Pr^r \*4 2nc * e y h ave proven to be immensely popular — because &M
e^£&^stj£^ of the suits and because of the price. To get a fast blue MM
serge for $10 is a rare opportunity, and people know it. j|||
w\ liili And ' or the s P r * n 2 suit * or the boy we mentj ° n neat fe
f&jrJJ^fiS^ little middy suits of blue cheviot with sailor collars;" vestee §g
bM^^'i/!^ and collar tastefully trimmed with soutache of blue, white i|s
or black; ages 3 to 8 years; price of the suits only |p|IIIULL'S KEWYIGOBATOE^SWa
Hvs hundred reward for any
r»m w« cannot cur«. This set-rut RJaffl TZit
remedy «op» all feue. la jl HT^
hours, cur»« Emotion*. Imno- fc* X
«!•*. Fill. Stri«u£2. l£: $3 ££'
Maahnod and alt wa.iiai er£cu W8 ¦$
*» ""•• bu »« »r excess?*. £eat T2§-^SS
•wiled. « bottlt: 3 bettiea. a- FXuZntmi'ta
lor uU at IdTJH M«rk«t «t a w* fnH.- Al f
RRTISHFS FOn BARBERS. BAX-
JJAIUkJIJ.JUO £rs. bootblacks. bath-
sH!l'"« « book M l , nd *I s - candr-makerS. ca'n'nirst
2l££J ? L mllls - foundries, laundrtw. pape£
hangerm. printer*, painter*. sSo« factories, at*.
years of age, who ran away from home
about four years ago. When last heard
of the boy was In Toronto, Can.-
QUARREL ENDS IN MURDER.
Frank Desmond Fatally Shot by
Frank Hadsall.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WINTERS, April 14.— Frank Hadsall Is
in Jail here for the killing of Frank Des
mond. The two men were In town in the
afternoon and drove to the Balfour-Guth
rie ranch, where both are employed, about
dark. Hadsall says that on the way out
Desmond abused him and swore he would
cut his throat. When they arrived home
the quarrel was renewed and Desmond
again threatened to cut Hadsall's throat
or cut his heart out, and started toward
the house, as Hadsall supposed, to get a
weapon. The latter picked up a shotgun
and fired both barrels into his victim, in
flicting a mortal wound.
Hadsall placed a pillow under the
wounded mart's head, and says Desmond
remarked he did not blame him, as he
brought It on himself. Hadsall came to
town and gave himself up. He jis the
father of Charles Hadsall, County Audi
tor of Yolo County, and>an old resident.
The man killed admitted, Hadsall says.
of having been in the penitentiary, and
was a tough character. Both men had
been drinking during ttfe day.
Basket Ball at Palo Alto.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PALO ALTO. April 14.— The basket-ball
game played this morning between the
girls of the Lowell High School and the-
Palo Alto team resulted in a victory for
the latter by a score of 2 to 1. Through
out the contest the home team had the
game well in hand and won easily. The
only score for the visitors was won by a
qlever and difficult throw by the captain
of the team.
Seymour Takes Command.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, April. 14.— H. I. Sey
mour, the newly elected " colonel of the
Second Regiment, assumed command this
afternoon, the former colonel, J. W. Guth
rle, being put on the retired list.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
REPORTS MADE
ON CONDITIONS
AT SAN QUENTIN
Routine Business Trans
acted by the Prison
. Directors.
John Ashley, Who Is Serving a Term
for Manslaughter, Asks ¦' for a
Parole, Which Is Opposed
; by an Attorney.
Eseclal Dispatch to The Call.
SAN QUENTIN PRISON, April 14.— Th«
meeting of tho State Board of Prison Di
rectors held to-day was devoid of any
sensational features, the principal busi
ness to occupy the board's attention beinsr
passing on quarterly bills and reports.
Expert Accountant I. \V. Wadham pre
sented a financial report for the quarter.
Wadham states that he has made a trial
balance of the prison books and found
them correct In every particular. This is
by far the largest quarterly report that
has ever left the prison. There la pris
oners' cash on hand to the amount of
$3000. Tho available funds on hand for
tho balance of tho fifty-first fiscal year
are as follows: General appropriation for
support, {33,596 09; for salaries, $20,00125;
State prison fund, $164,310 19. Total, $217,
907 53, less March bills $15,744 86. less pay
roll $7454 98. Total available fund.'sl94,
7&7 C 9. There is $luo,ooo in the Jute revolv
ing fund, which may be used in purchase
of law jute.
Warden Agulrre's report sets forth that
all the new laundry machinery has been
received and will be In running order b>
Monday. The cost of the telephone sys
tem lately installed at the prison amounts
to $118 05. The spindles used for the spin
ning frames obtained from Eastern firms
*re stated to be very inferior to thos*
originally furnished, and Fair bairn, Nay
lor & Co., the original makers of trie ma
chinery, will furnish the prison with aou
new spindles.
The Jute mill Is now in full operation
and is turning out 15,twu bags per day. The
aeiailed report is as follows: Grain bags
carried over on orders from last year,
41b,0tw; sold since January 1, 1900, 2,877,130;
shipped since January 1, 9lu0; sold await
ing shipment, 3,254,u3u; on hand manufac
tured and ready for snlpment, 1,765,500; to
be manufactured to tin oroers on file,
1,498,630. To nil all orders will take the en
lire output of the mill up to August 20.
There are lltil bales Qf raw jute oa hand,
which Is sufficient to run tne mill till July
1. Seven thousand bales are contracted
for and will arrive shortly.
There will be a reduction of 50 cents per
ton made on the coal furnished theprlson In
accordance with a contract entered into
at the time it was ordered. C. K. Allen,
representative of the Pittsburg Coal Com
pany, stated that he was satisfied that
the coal did not come up to the promised
standard, and on behalr of his company
passed in the discount. This deduction
will make a difference of $2^5 per month
in the prison coal bills.
A communication from Judge S. K.
Dougherty of Santa Rosa was presented
to the board. The communication seta
forth that Joe and John Bryan, two broth
ers, were sentenced by him to serve
twenty years each for burglary, one in
Folsom and one in San Quentin, his idea
in separating them being to keep them
from planning any further schemes.
Judge Dougherty goes on to state that
tho necessity for separation now having
passed he would ask that the one con
fined in Folsom be transferred to San
Quentin, as to see the boys occasionally
is the sole comfort of their aged mother.
The mother resides at Petaluma, nnd an
occasional visit to San Quentin Is possi
ble to her, while Folsom Is rendered by
its distance -almost impossible for her to
reach.
A. Drahms, the prison chaplain, request
ed leave of absence to attend tho conven
tion of the National Prison Association
in Cleveland during next August. His
request was granted by the board.
C R. Hoessli of Colusa County appeared
before the board to ask for a parole for
John" Ashley, doing eight years for man
slaughter from Princetown, in that
county. His request was contested by S.
Millington, an attorney, who assisted in
Ashley's prosecution. Millington spoke
strongly on the subject and stated that
the parole system was one of the great
est fosterers of crime that exists. Both
applicants lodged written statements for
the board's consideration.
LOMITAS OIL COMPANY.
100.000 SHARES. $3 EACH. - .
Owns 160 acres of land- in Coallnra Oil Dis-
trict, three miles north of Oil City: title.
United States patent.
Directors:. G. K. BEACH. President : HOW-
ARD C. HOLMES. Vice President: C. A. CAN-
FIELD. J. A. FILLMORE. W. H. MARTIN.
¦ A limited amount of stock on sale at 11 per
share. . ? ¦ «
| For particulars call on or address - <.
i O. K. CUSHING, Secretary.
Room U. No. 104 Sutter st.. Ban Francisco, Cal.
isthe best method of applying the grand curative current.
k Mr lAI (iHI N S rl r( kf RFI I
MRS. HOWARD TARLETON.
and yet he was gocd to me. I managed to
ecrape along, but it was a dreadful struggle,
and never a nisht did I sleep until I saw him
safely in bed. He rarely came home till near
daylight, and how he ever stood It all these yearj
I don't know. What cured him was. a remedy
called Golden Specific, a powder to be mixed
with coffee or food or anything liquid. I gave
it to him secretly. I saw an article In some
newspaper about this remedy, and It seemed to
be Just the thin?. I thought of it day and night
for quite a while and then concluded to try it.
come what might. You know the rest of the
story. It was only a few days when he said:
'Mother, X have resolved to stop drinking.' He
put his arm around me. kissed me passionately
and with tears roll lac down his cheeks ieggeJ
me to forgive him for all the misery M had
caused me. And he did stop. That remedy had
done its work, and If there ever was a message
straight from heaven It was that article tn the
newspaper which told me to use Golden Spe-
cific."* This remedy Is the discovery of Dr. J.
W. Halnes. 1996 Glenn building. Cincinnati.
Ohio.- ar.d he sends to every woman who writes
him a free, trial package of Golden Spedflc, so
she can try It for husband, son or brother, and
thus save him from a life that must eventually
prove his complete ruin. Do not fall to write
at once for this free trial package.
The remedy for YOUR PAIN, YOUR WEAKNESS and all nervo-vital
derangements! You who suffer, you who feel unfitted for your work,
1 can cure you. I can make you strong and endow you with that
stamina which is the basis of success and happiness. My
INTERESTS THE PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
San Diego Probably Will Be Made
a Government Coaling'
Station.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, April 14.— Judge James
G. Magulre and Warren Gregory of San
Francisco, now in Washington, are to ar
gue cases before the United States Su
preme Court next week.
Representative Needham is endeavoring
to obtain from the Navy Department its
decision to establish a coaling station at
San Diego. The location of the coaling
station provided for In the naval appro
priation bill is left to the Navy Depart
ment, and $700,000 is appropriated for its
establishment. The sentiment of many
department officials is strongly against
favoring San Diego In .this matter because
of the inability of the largest battleships
and cruisers to enter that harbor. Ad
miral Bradford, however, is in favor of
placing the coaling station there, espe
cially since- it Is the purpose of Congress
to Improve San Diego harbor, and he
probably will recommend that preliminary
work looking to the establishment of a
station be undertaken at an early day.
Pensions for Californians: Original-
James Roche, Veterans' Home, Napa, $6;
Francis P. Troxell, Chino, $S; Paul Jor
dan, Los Angeles, $S; George W. Border,
Los Angeles, $6;Lucien Turner. Pasadena,
$6. Special, April 3— Charles Gibson, Sac
ramento, $10. Increase— Oscar F. Hoskin,
San Diego, $8 to $10; Peter A. Joice, Ingle
wood, $6 to $8; Jamos M. Vance, Oakland,
$6 to $8; Jesse Mlchener, Soldiers' Home,
Los Angeles, $6 to $12. War with Spain
(original)— John J. Egan, San Francisco,
$16.
Washington: Original— William Foster,
Half Penny, Tacoma, $6; Thomas Robi
nette. East Spokane, $6; William Lane,
Carrollton, $12. Reissue— Edward Burv/itz,
Vancouver, $17.
Oregon: Original— George S. Cooper, Sa
lem, $6. f
The postofflce at Eleasco, Riverside
County, California, has been discontinued;
mail. to Beaumont. Postmasters commis
sioned — Franklin L. Glass, Martinez, Cal.;
A. R. Merritt, WoQdville, Or. Postmasters
appointed: California — Deweyville, Kern
County, J. R. Glazebrook; Orick, Hum
boldt County, H. J. Latten. Oregon-
Mount Hood, Wasco County, William H.
Edick.
Dr. Stacy A. Ransom, recently connect
ed with the District of Columbia health
office, has been appointed acting assistant
surgeon in the marine hospital service
and assigned to duty at Angel Island, San
Francisco. : ¦ ' '
SENATE AND HOUSE.
Routine Business Occupies ; the Two
Branches of Congress.
WASHINGTON, April 14.— Beyond the
passage of eighty-three private pension
bills and some general measures of minor
Importance the Senate transacted little
business to-day. The Alaskan .Civil Code
bill, was under consideration for some
time, but finally went over until Mon
day, when an effort will be made to get
a vote upon It. ¦
After an hour of routine business the
House to-day devoted its session to hear
ing eulogies on the late Oliver P. Morton
of Indiana in -connection, with the ac
ceptance of - his statue, which has been
placed in Statuary . Hall at the Capitol
by, the State which he served. The speak
ers included Steele, Mlers, Crumpacker,
Overstreet, Griffith, , Hemenway, ¦ Brick,
Alexander, Faris and Watson or Indiana,
Grosvenor of Ohio and Cannon of Illi
nois.- .¦• * ¦ .^rsassfhjwui
-i Pxevious to this order of business . fifty
three private . pension bills *were v passed
and notice _waB given that ; the naval- ap
propriation bill would be called up on
Monday. -;
Firemen Heavily Fined.
The Fire Commissioners held a meeting
yesterday morning and heard a charge of
drunkenness preferred against John
Blythe, driver of engine 32. He was con
victed and fined one month and ten days'
pay.
Change in West's Minstrels.
The programme belnj? presented by
"U'estp rnlr.Ftrels et the Columbia Theater
is to l>e materially changed and made
more interesting for the second and final
¦reek of the company'? stay. There will
he a regular performance to-night, and
nn Monday the new programme will go
Into effect. Carroll Johnson will sing
among other numbers his "Louisiana
iiize," as well as "Your Moneys No
Good." John P. Rodpers, the basso, will
render the anvil song from "Robin Hood"
and the sextet will be heard In the inter
mezzo from "Cavalleria Rusticana," Fred
Warren, the eccentric comedian, will also
have a new song.
¦ m »
Seeks a Lost Son.
George Samuels of "6 East One Hundred
and Thirteenth street, Xew York City, is
seeking information of his son Sidney, 20
Drunkards
Easily
Cured
Mrs. Howard Tarleton Wants Every
Lady Reader of This Paper to
Know How She Saved
Her Son.
Used an Odorless and Tasteless
Remedy in His Food, Quickly
Curing Him Without His
Knowledge.
Trial Package o? This Remedy Will Be
Mailed Fne to Show How Easy It
is to Cure Drunkards.
Every woman In this broad land Is riven an
Inspiration tn the words of Mrs. Howard Tarle-
ton, whose address Is box 646, .Lebanon, Ohio,
that must result In the greatest temperance
crusade ever started. She cured her son of
drunkenness after he had become a sot, a com-
mon loafer, and now he is a reformed, upright
citizen, rejclcinr with his mother in the won-
derful result and the marvelous remedy that
brought about this grand change in his life.
"Yes. I cured my son of drunkenness," said
Mrs. Tarleton, when interviewed about it. ¦ "Al-
though I am his mother and proud of him, I
must say he was a wayward man for a goo<l
many years. He was what the newspapers call
a bum, or a saloon loafer, drunk all the time.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
OF
jtf^k jjj B 1
OUR
LAST
YEAR'S
STOCK
To make room for our NEW
SPRING STYLES, which
have just arrived. You all
know when we have a sale it
is a Grand Success, because
we don't let prices cut any
figure.
Shoes Will Be Marked
in Plain Flgnres
Or> Our Bargain CouQter,
Which Extends the Full
Length of Our Store.
Call as soon as possible and
secure the Best of the Bar-
gains. It will pay any one to
buy a year's supply of Shoes
during this sale.
Bear in Mind
You Have Nothing to
Lose and All to Gain.
If Shoes are not satisfactory,
return them and GET YOUR
MONEY BACK.
SALE STARTS
MONDAY, April 16,
AT Q A. Al.
Call and look at our prices,
even if you don't want to
buy, and see how much you
can save when you do want
Shoes.
WE HAVE
NO BRANCH STORES.
Have Consolidated All Our Business
in Our Large Store In the
Fhelan Building.
812-814 MARKET STREET,
PHELAN BUILDING. —
BERKELEY IS
DEFEATED IN
A HOT GAME
Universities Tied on the
Championship
Series.
Batting and Base-Bunning of the
Cardinal Men Among the Notice
able Features of the
Game.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, April 14.—
The second of the intercollegiate series of
baseball games was won by the cardinal
amid one ofthe most exciting scenes ever
seen on the' Stanford campus. With the
score 10 to 7 in favor of the home team
and Berkeley at the bat with two outs
and three men on bases Hamlin batted
out to Murphy in center field, who ac
cepted the chance and won the game for
Stanford.
Stanford came first to bat and struck a
winning pace, scoring seven runs before
being retired. Though the Bcore contin
ued in their favor it looked several times
as if California would pass them and so
close the contest. The steadiness of Lan
agan, who struck out twelve men to his
opponent's two, really was the deciding
feature of the game. Kaarsburg was given
excellent support by his team, but was
batted freely, allowing nine hits and giv
ing three bases on balls.
Stanford's batting and base-running was
especially noticeable. Brown, on second,
allowed California two runs on as many
errors in the seventh inning.
The game as a whole was an improve
ment on that played at Berkeley last Sat
urday, both teams making fewer errors
and holding well together throughout.
The deciding game of the series will be
played in San Francisco April 28. Follow
ing is the score:
STANFORD UNIVERSITY.
Runs by innings. 71010001 o—lo
Hits by Innings.. 321100020—9
CALIFORNIA.
Runs by innings. 100220200—7
Hits by innings.. 10022010 I—7
Two-base hits— Havens, 2. Three-bafe
hits— Braly, King. First base on called
balls— By Lanagan. 3; by Kaarsburg, 3.
Struck out— By Lanagan. 12; by Kaars
burg, 2. Wild pitch— Lanagan, 1. Double
plays — Symonds to Havens. Kaarsburg
one balk. Umpire— O'Connell. Scorers—
Earle and Cameron. Time of game— Two
hours.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 15, 1900.
CLAIMS THAT
HE IS CHINA'S
REAL EMPEROR
Strange Story Told to Offi
cials by a Prisoner at
Chiangshia.
Shows Documents to Support His
Statements and Says That Friends
Will Back Him by Force
of Arms.
£cecial Dispatch to The CalL
VICTORIA. B. C, April 14.— A strange
story comes by the Rlojun Maru of a Chi
nese prisoner who. when he had been
beaten and tortured in the yamen of the
magistrate at Chlangshla, terrorized the
officials by the declaration that he was
their Emperor, who had escaped from the
palace at Peking and was traveling incog
nito through China when he had been ar
rested. The stories of- this illustrious pris
oner, who has sealed credentials, are ro
mantic. The Wuchang correspondent of
the North China Daily News tells the
story, as follows:
"Two years ago, when the Emperor con
sulted with the Dowager about the advisa
bility- of adopting European dress, that
august lady was very irate and upbraided
her Imperial nephew and Kang Yu-\Vel
In no unmeasured terms. In consequence
the Emperor gave Kang Tu-Wel strict or
ders to flee from Peking. When the Em
press found he had escaped she vented her
wrath upon the Emperor. He was Im
prisoned in one of the palaces and given
some harmful potion. In this extremity
he begged some of the eunuchs to let him
escape. They did so, and in consequence
three of them were executed by their en
raged mistress. The Emperor, sick of life,
betook himself to a monastery in Szec
huan, intending to renounce forever a
worldly pomp and ambition. However, he
apparently found it hard to keep his se
cret, and by degrees his history became
known to his companions. In the course
of time he found his way to Wuchang
and succeeded in making many believe
that he really was the Emperor. Among
others who have visited him and are con
vinced of the truth of his claims is the
chief of the police force in Hankow.
"A few weeks ago he was examined by
the Wuchang Prefect and by him handed
over to the Chiangshla magistrate. Up to
the present the highest officials prudently
avoided meeting or examining him. fear
ing that his claims may prove to be true.
The Prefect treated him with marked re
spect, but the magistrate had him beaten.
He sent a dispatch to the Viceroy, in
which he stated that the so-styled Em
peror is really an arch traitor of the same
gang as Kang Yu-Wel, and that he has
numerous friends who supply him with
money and who are prepared to support
his pretensions with arms. The magis
trate urges the Viceroy to have him exe
cuted at once before trouble arises. It Is
said that this dispatch is an invention of
the magistrate's. He ordered one of his
underlings to alter the prisoner's state
ments, but he declined, whereupon the
magistrate himself did so.
"Be this as it may. it is certain that the
Viceroy is going to meet and examine the
prisoner in person, and has put out a
proclamation stating that he hears he is a
baa character. Nearly all the people be
lieve he is the Emperor. His lack of
proofs, outside of a few papers, is ac
counted for by the robbers of Szechu hav
ing stolen them, among others a Jade seal.
The man knows a little English, he speaks
with a Pekinese dialect and shows con
siderable acquaintance with the court of
Peking and Kang Yu-Wel.
>2!H22£2£2££££^
¦^^-^Sfel^ READ THIS* T ° CUre your aifnient y° u w ear my famous Belt Hmfif
£f ™*^^^^ L*.jLu±*l<~ AAAAk^e at n j£ht so that your system becomes charged
: £Jk^, with the reviving power. This keeps up the action 'of 'the blood vessels,
Uco^^ yjs§ contracts and strengthens relaxed glands and muscles, casts out im-
I^y'cSmvSP purities which cause pain, restores energy to the body and animation
t^'-.^^ j/^f^ ' to tne mind. You leel the of this power from the start. Medical ~^ »^^
<M>M electricity lias been the study of my life. I have so perfected its ap- ifipS /^vfS
(%'&s& "li^l plication that my body battery is tlie most thorough remedy ever used. 4 "w
Jfcs£ss The improvements of- my Belt, the comfort of wearing it, the thousands |^S Wffl
of cures it has made, and the testimony in its favor, prove it to be all rafc*^*
'Mi%&& & that is claimed for it. It is a complete muscle and nerve invigorant JsP
* forman and woman. I cure VARICOCELE by forcing the circulation, | > % F l^^
clearing away the congestion and restoring the paralyzed nerves, I I I
cure PAINS IN THE BACK by sending the electric power through the 8 1^ \
weakened parts and kidneys. I cure RHEUMATISM by driving out |^_
Vw poisonous acids which irritate the nerves and the blood. Medicines I _,^ I
k. ft* A. at^^ no v ' ta^' t y and do not cure. When you see a man who was bent JL a A
m t)i3m # able to stand up and suifer no more, you must be sure the w*S«J* J$A
"< r)R - J - A- McLAUGHLIN"— Dear Sir: I sufffred from lumbago pains and sciatica for thirty f Jm^J&&*ss&&!S^
years brfore u>in^ 'our }-:iectrlc Treatment, and in two months your wonderful Helt entirely j<f7/rPfflßa£yL>j
v/*^»~^^/^txV^ • cured me Appreciating the excellence of your method. 1 am Yours truly, HUGH FRASEH. jr& ' j£usP*=SrQEi
?\2yy| |^«\t-^N . My new book, lir.e'y illustrated, free to m:ri and womtn. Send «/^!glifaßCSuP%w
p^^^^^^^dh^k NEVER SOLD lIV DRUG STORES. "^ J^^WbJ^^^^^^S^i
I A BLACK GOODS OPPORTUNITY. j|
II *
|j the two much-wanted fabrics of to-day.
£ 63c Yard, Worth $1.25. n^:^^J^^lF^<& l 12&£ 57c Yard, Worth $1.00, *
•£*. «. mini offered this tprlntj. A fortunate purchase from a leading Blnck Iron Frame French Series, +y
IF r^r/l\lf<?- importlnKhPUM-of 75 pieces. asirrciratinK 3000 yard., or 44 inches wide.-' a very hardy, serv- -
•5+ rViate and scrvU-pal'le iferscaenl these populv fabrics coes on sale at Just ONE-HALF iceable and extremely popular fab-
£Z wear during srrlr.fr and tumim.:; it j their artuai worth. As these gooda were closed out by ric; of a brilliant finish. You will ££*
•fe doesn't wr.r.kle and doe.«n't BAtcta j v , al jj^lf their original cost, we intend to ishare with readily recognize this great value >*
*" the durt: al 'f? l y te . ! £C af ?.fc 3 2ts l rJ£.l you this aoecial economical purchase. If you are inter- when you see it. You should there- j3L
£ pSu iKy -'aa'uae^ed^UrganJ ' Sttd thi. is your opportunity. fore avail yourself of euch a chance. J£
f BRILLIANT BLACK TAFFETA SILK ON SALE, COMMENCING TO-MORROW. |
•^ Arrrer'atlon follows merit. a« wan rroved conclusively by our phenomenal Silk selling of last week. Again, for thi« week, a2L
w* nlsS on eale MOO jarde fine Black TafTeta. That Is the esact amount turned over to us last week by a noted man-jr.acturer. ~
ZL Every yard Is the fine quality nafil expressly for the dressmaking trade, whlci we shall offer at fully TWEXTY-FIVE PER CENT /•
*j£ less than the present prev«Uung fiices. fjr
* REMEMBER, THEY ARE DRESS SILKS, BUT AT OUR MONDAY'S P3IGES THEY ARE CHEAP ENOUGH FOR LINING. *
f LACES AND ALL-OVERS. 2!-ln:h Black Dress Ta'feta. W?^M§&*B ANOTHER 3.
J^ii-<uaWfis rt i y^r b !S. f 2^S^J l ..f^..llSi 70c RIBBON BARGAIN &
-?? M corrrlete rs at preeent. Those TIIUDUn DHIIUHIIIi
tl nwvtt In evlflenre ere the artistic nn i p u qiarlf nn r o<«e Taffota Warranted Pure Silk; of -m
JSt thlrjM which lend themselves so ea«- Zu"luCn DICES Ul C&0 I dllcldt a brilliant luner: a most We are positive the values we offer ty 1
*^ IIV to the refined adornment cf tne Fuperlor quality; a Silk we know will give satis- QQ r to-morrow are not matched by any 2
« fashionable garment. faction. Worth $1.25. On special eaie Yard *J A\* other houee, Rnd these low quota- «?
Here you will Had pretty Net Top i tlons will surely crowd this grow- ••
*• L«c*s. Normaadle and Valr»d«ines OT.lprh RlafV flrP« TflffPta One of the grandest Black ing department:
•H Laces Point rte Paris and pretty il l "HIUI Dlfluß UIC33 Idllwta. Taffetas produced; a very . § y T3T
* Ali-over* and Tokir^s. heavy and rurtllnfr Quality; very lustroue; worth jCI- 1 " IhO Q Yjlm j2L
fl.W>. On s,mj«&l eale Yard tj>* IJO U lUllii *y
t FXTRA SPECIAL. ?.„».., mm inn nil/ Ko. 40 AU-Ellk Taffeta Moire Rib- jL
.£? LAIIIH OrUUIrtU tUSHNnAY Ffl ARM HAY bon: fln. quality; h!Bh luiter: in the ~
%. Po'.nt At Paris I^are. 17 Inches IliUllLfHl rUULnIIU LJH I I , correct spring colorings, as Cream, /?
«(¦ w.dc a fine quality and choice pat- White, I-lght Blue. Pink, Lavender, *3T
4 tern ' 67c a Yard, EXQUISITE NEW FOULARDS ON DISPLAY J^^^S^S f
r.^v^.c*, At 35c 2il{ j si.oo a Yard, • wjrth:sc - *
<* mi TORGHOH LACES. BLACK VELVET R[B80N « |
Thi« eez.F'n m ? latest patterns in: blned. Th»y ccmsriac the very latest creations of 1900; A limited qnantlty of Xo. B All-Silk '-Si*
*" n.'Ki-ir* and Insertions from Ito 3 i detlfrns an 1 coloriiiss entirely n«w, ar.d were received only Ratin-back Velvet Ribbon; the best orto
°0° laefces wide, tv be offered, sijecial, at ;vn Saturday. .luallty; sold nil^over at 15c a yard. -«
_Si J. w j All the New Blue?. C-.belin neseda. Purple. Hello- For Monday, special at. *?•
hf 9 YSrn i trope. Grays. Tans. Brown*. Caniinal. Rose. etc.. Will -*
r 'JU Q IQIUi ac founl In nrofuj-ion. !n the moft fashionable deisms Q« « YarH &
Worth :?e and 12-.c a yard. I of Late Stri; cs. Scrolls. Escurial effects and Folku Spots. - wb Q I UlUi £»
| THE MUSLIN UNDERWEAR SALE. SPECIALS IN WASH FABRICS. I
_fc Th<* FoenTii w-ek of our rale of T.'ndcrmurllns will or*>n to- This offer cannot fail to bring hundreds of eager buyers to this
*T morrow, v.'.: h assortments still ir.t.irt. God material*, conscien- department. But for Monday only.
"5* atar hnve r cornmanded m a fr iarßer^patroßaire ""than 'we tnticlpa'te'd. CtF^d FlGUfi The ,, ZOc ,? ua |. lty: KM * w >nche« wide: an ex- 'Q*
* 2 & Ue, 9 of the many en .ale: ™ « ™J« ffi« h £Z«Z*"&el\lTkL&TA 0 ' %>
z? 95 C-- p ts Pair — CMirfrsn's Drawers An "" s: wlth h ' m faBt colorB - Si) * clal at Yj "-<* ** c S
j^ Z3 b...U rdll vMIUISII » UianClJ>. 6tlt ched cambric rufffe. P n |prt QllMnffC |9!f» Yarfl Bo serviceable and appropriate for *T
Z. X Pcr*s Par—l ?filpc' flraWPrQ G ™l q«"ty; with extra l»0lfcll Millings I/2G iaiU. outing and country wear; comi
J& 12 Iwl.ii r u;l LCUICS UIORCISi wide ruffle. In plain, stripes and plaids. *y
•^ XQ Pente 0"lr I arlioc* lirawarc With cambric rufffe: trim- 7pnhvr RlnfrhliniS We show them in larrer variety, better .*»
«S* 4H itlilS rtll L2QI&S UraWEIS. mcd with rretty Torchon "JIJIJI Uill^lMlila. et yles and prettier colorings than most +5T
t Lacf sni four clusters of tuck*. stores. They Bell at lOc. 15c and 25c yard. ~
I £ tots Eaoh-Gorset Gears. THAT GREAT LINING SALE. I
J£& /D Ppnfe paph — I arfipc* nhFmi^P A rretty stjle. trimmed The overwhelming response accorded our announcement of A
~S? HO UCUt* LCIiU LOUIC4 bllCUIIdd nicely with Embroidery. last week pro mpts us to make again an exceptional offer: ;*
-5* R 2 ! Pcflk Fafh — ladiPS' RQWiK Ne^ e r. PCt ,^ in hemstitching; ftp p » fllialitW Alsatian Moire; a new and handsome Taffetft ?£
T? OJ Ltlllb Caiill LflUICd OUHiia. good Mo»Un: extra length. 0811 l yilfllll) siilc finish Skirt Lining; S3 Inches wide- in II
JTj- Inrludei In this sal^ 1« a very exter.?lve line of White Skirts. Cnr |2C Yaffl. « a , shlon o b lit? olor £ Pui B le i H(1 . llotro P*- N * w *T
X SST^iSSSp? WKh an<l Embr ° iaelT - " Prop0 " 10n - T^uolse. Green 2&* ngS?^.^" 6 .^ & fg* %.
* NOTIONS SPECIALS. S e ate en Li n?n g i 7c' Yard." V^ n * : *
j: . IIUIIUIIUI Ul LUiiiLUi Gray and Black. Special at Yard IIC A
~& Hroee Chiofrfc stockinet !>*>« Fh!eM<«. in all E'.zce: the kind Frpnf'h HaiT Cflth Tne eOc <J uant >' 24-inch French Hair Cloth; 2
<- UIcSS OJIiCICSt ihat always pells et 12Uc pair. Special <-* n lICHuII ROII U.UItl. Bo i<i everywhere at 50c a yard. QO,r» *3»
nt Pair 4V^ Special price Yard OuC
2^. Crrnnh Unrn JJonOC Rf> nn7CII In Eizes "• s Bnd 9 * nche «: Rril^h Rintilntr Lf Yard Jhe «Ue quality Brush Edge Pkirt £5*
m Sf rFEIICn HOrn DDFiBS DC UOZCn. Bo i d r e B ularly at 10c. t\~ DlUbll DIIIUIHg, H\i lOIUi Binding; in ell the leading A "T
>» Fpeclal rrice....^ Dozen V»W colors. Special price Yard TrV* A
?% COUNTRY ORDfERS RECEIVE F»RO^\F»T fITTENTION.' A
J£> V men* stainless fc^*^ >>| G££&*^ ISOO yarrjs. new etTects, {&
»- il-rr:,^; r' dye; i.'eh i ™^ >^^If^"^T**^^iß~m — "-^-U iwnnrtTTT^^TtCt^^ desirable patterns; 5, 7. &-
~T$ <;¦'•' h<*e!s; double VV\!jw''i»l?^*vy' » y^^»^» fW^^AJ^^ 3 lnrh<»i« wide; worth v*
heels, toe* and soles. "^ nTi V 'i * > iii i">' J'l' 1 " regularly from 2ic to
xd.ld.C6 Conducted under the
American and Enro-
oy\fj ' P ean plans, and in a
aAAtt manner that will sat-
Isfy the most exacting
GFHIIU ancl P arti cular taste.
1 1400 rooms— 9oo with
Hotels I
20A CUBE TOR ASTHMA.
Asthma »ufferer» need no longer leave hona
and business la order to be cured. Nature has
produced a rentable remedy thar will perma
nently cure Asthma and all diseases o( tfta
lungs and bronchial tubes. Having tested its
wonderful curative powers in thousand* of
cases iwtth a record of 90 per cen: permanently
cured), and desiring to relieve human suffering.
I will send free of chance to all sufferers from
Asthma. Consumption. Catarrh. Bronchitis and
Nervous Diseases, this recipe. In, German.
French or Ensrli!i!i, with full directions for pre
paring and using.. Sent by mail. Address with
stamp, naming this paper. W. A. Keffe*. ¥-J
Powers* Block. Rochester. N.X' r
ten Island and Mr. Elliot of Indiana, a
graduate of Annapolis. Harvey Finney,
at present private secretary to Secretary
Long, is in the lists, though by no efforts
of his own. '.
It has been arranged that General Davis
shall remain indefinitely in Porto Rico as
military commander of Portoi Rico, which
is to be continued. ". : /
Death of Judge Hay.
STOCKTON. April 14.— William B. Hay,
an old resident of Tracy, died there this
afternoon, at the age of 94 years, of genr
eral debility. He leaves a widow and one
daughter. The deceased was a native of
Virginia, He came to California in 1852
and located at Tracy in 1564. -He was
familiarly known as Judge Hay, having
been Justice of the Peace of Tracy from
1872 to 1884. ... ' • .
Napa County Convention.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NAPA, April 14.— The Republican Coun
ty Central Committee met here this after
noon^ and decided- to -hold a county ¦ con
vention in Napa on May 10 to elect dele
gates to the Sacramento convention.' Pri
maries will be held throughout the county
May • 5 to : choose delegates to - the local
convention.' r .x: - ¦¦ - • ". '5; >-.">¦-
SULTAN CONTINUES
TO DEFY AMERICA
Breaks All His Promises to Pay In-
demnity for Attacks Upon
Missionaries.
WASHINGTON. April 14.— 1t Is learned
on undoubted authority that the negotia
tions for the payment of Indemnity de
manded for the destruction of American
missionary property in Turkey during
the Armenian massacres In 1595 have
reached their logical conclusion. Minister
Strauss had secured the promise of the
Sultan that indemnity amounting to
about $90,000 should be paid, and that
promise had been twice renewed, the last
time previous to Minister Strauss' de
parture from Constantinople, when it was
understood by the Minister as well as by
the State Department that payment
would be forthcoming.
Sixteen months have passed since the
promise was made, and it has not yet
been fulfilled, and - the question presents
itself: What action will this Govern
ment take -to enforce Its observance?
Meanwhile, the. President has refused to
would have presided, was not present, nor
was Director Rockhlll of the bureau.
There was purpose in their absence, it Is
assumed, for it is regarded as desirable
that the representatives of these southern
republics shall not be under the slightest
appearance of influence from the Wash
ington Government in the pending matter.
The members of the conference spent
fully an hour and a half in close consul
tation. Senor Calvo, the senior member
of the executive committee of the bureau,
presided, and the outcome of the meeting
was- the agreement of the members upon
a proposition that the executive commit
tee of the bureau should be charged with'
drawing up a tentative programme for the
proposed international congress. This
programme will.be submitted by the Min
isters to their respective Governments for
approval and amendment. In this manner
will be avoided a mistake made by the
Btate Department is arranging for the
first Pan-American Congress. The United
States Government itself In that case sub
mitted to the various Governments in
vited to participate in the congress a com
plete programme for the government of
the body; nothing was left for the other
nations to do but to accept the whole or
decline to participate. Under the new
order, the United States .. effaces itself,
levying the other nations to * decide upon
the\subjects to be considered by the con-
LONG'S UNDERSTUDY
NOT YET SELECTED
Numerous Candidates for the Post of
Assistant Secretary of the
Navy.
WASHINGTON. April 14.— Secretary
Long returned to "Washington . this after
noon from Colorado. He did not come to
the Navy Department, but sent for. his
mall and spent the afternoon In disposing
of It- and , in consultation with Assistant
Secretary, Allen. . He has accepted the
President's action In selecting his "right
hand." as; he has come to call Mr. Allen,
for the Governorship of. Porto Rico, but
regrets the necessity for a change at this
time. So far he has not indicated any
choice in. the matter of a successor to Mr.
Allen as Assistant Secretary of the Navy.
. The names mentioned as eligible include
some that -appeared - several years ago
when Mr/ Allen was chosen. Perhaps the
moat prominent Is the name of Henry W.
Raymond of Germanto wn. Pa. , formerly
secretary to Secretary Tracy and now en
gaged in newspaper, publication.* There is
also talk- of -ex-Representative Robinson
of Pennsylvania, John .Thompson of Sta-
accept the resignation of Minister Strauss,
and has indefinitely extended his leave of
absence.
Filand Sentenced.
SACRAMENTO. April U.— Edward Fl
land. a former member of the Sacramento
Fire Department, to-day pleaded guilty
to a charge of grand larceny and was sen
tenced to ten years In San Quentin. The
original charge of robbery was changed
to the one to which Filand pleaded guilty.
Flland took $300 from J. W. Fllllnger. an
engineer who had been sent here from
the State of Washington with a locomo
tive.
AMERICAN REPUBLICS
TO CALL A CONGRESS
First Steps Taken at a Meeting of
Diplomatic Representatives at
Washington.
WASHINGTON, April 14.— The meeting
of the diplomatic representatives of the
three Americas at the Bureau of Ameri
can Republics to-day resulted In the suc
cessful launching, lrom an international
standpoint, of the project for the reas
sembling of the Pan-American Congress.
There were persent the Mexican Embas
sador, Senor Asplroz; the Chilean Minis
ter, Eenor Vicuna; the Brazilian Minister,
Senor de Assls-Brasil; the Haytlen Min
ister. Mr. Leger; the Guatemalan Minis
ter, Senor.Lazo Arrlaga; the Costa Rlcan
Minister. Senor Calvo; the Venezuelan
charge, aenor Pulldo; the Colombian Min
ister, Senor Calderon, and Mr. Stewart,
the Consul General for Uruguay.
Secretary ' Hay, the president ex-offlclo
of the executive committee of the Bureau
til the American Republics, who naturally
V/ALNUT CREEK. April 14.-Robert B. |
Whiteside of Duluth, Minn., has pur- j
chasrd fr^m A. I^brecht and others fm- 1
mense tracts of timber land in Tuolumne
and Mariposa counties. The amount in
volved in the purchase I? not known, but
a large sum of money chanced hands on
the deal. Mr. Whit*>side Is also the owner
of some of the Calavcras County Big Tree
timber lands.
There is no difference In the morning j
sfu-r the Old Government Whisky, bottled
at the distillery. It Is pure, aged and
wholesome , • 1
MERRIAM CLAIMED
HE WAS MISQUOTED
Objected to Criminal Organizations
and Not to Labor
Unions.
WASHINGTON, April 14.-Conner Ma
lon continued his testimony to-day before
the Coeur d'Alene investigation. He said
he was present at a private meeting at
Wardner, calle-d by business men with a
view to committing General Merriam to a
permanent establishment of martial law
in the Coeur d'Alenes. General Merriam
stated at the meeting, however, that he
was unalterably opposed to such a per
manent policy — that it would amount to
taking a section out of the State and
placing it under Federal jurisdiction, and
that the State should assume full control
of affairs at the earliest possible moment.
It was the witness' understanding at
the time that General Merriam stated
that Congress ehould enact laws making
membership in unions a crime. He had
;o leported to his paper, the Spokane Re
view, but subsequently General Merriam
had pointed out that his language had
been misconstrued.- It was the witness'
understanding that General Merriam
stated that organizations of a criminal
character should be reached by Congress.
It was General Merrlam's version of the
etatpment. th«» witness said, that his ob
jection was not to unions, but to criminal
arts which they might resort to. No
shorthand notes of General Merriam's
Statements were taken, but a condensed
quotation of his remarks was made. The
whole purport of General Merriam's re
marks, the witness said at another point,
was against the alleged criminal organiza
tions which had developed in the Coeur
d'Alenes. and not against labor organiza
tions in general.
ALEXANDER WAS A THIEF.
Stolen Articles Found Among the Ef
fects of the Dead Man.
SUXSUN. April 14.— W. H. Alexander,
who brutally murdered his wife in St. He
lena and afterward committed suicide,
xvas a notorious character. He formerly
lived in Euisun under the name of John
eon, and his manner of obtaining & live
lihood was a mysterious one. He left
Fuisun two years ago and located at St.
Helena. During this time several persons
have occasionally reported that sets of
harness and saddles were stolen from
their places. The acts of thievery oc
curred repeatedly, and to Constable
Downing is due credit for having solved
the mystery of the depredations.
He suspected Alexander and went to St.
Helena yesterday. Among the man's ef
fects he found various articles which
were Identified as having been stolen from
Suisun and vicinity. The young son* of
the murdered woman stated that Alexan
der made occasional trips for the purpose
of stealing. There is no doubt now but
that the St. Helena assassin was respon
sible for several criminal acts committed
Sn the vicinity of St. Helena and Suisun.
DEWEY DAY CELEBRATION.
Elaborate Preparations Being made
at Redwood City.
Bp*c!al Dispatch to The Call.
REDWOOD CITY. April 14.— Posters
will be out In a few days announcing a
grand celebration at this place on May 1,
Dewey day, under the auspices and man
agement cf the local parlor of Native
Daughters of the Golden West.
The celebration will be in the nature of
a picnic and will be held on the old school
ground?.
Here is located the large pavilion erect
ed by the Native Sons several years ago
and where the Grand Parlor of that or
der was entertained at the time it met
here.
Appropriate literary exercises will be
part cf tho programme, after which the
pavilion will be used (or dancing.
Thp Native Daughters will be assisted
by tbe Native Sons Jn making the affair a
success. . .'-*.'-''"'
A small admission fee will be charged
to the prounds, the object being to raise
monpy for the park Improvement fund, a
fund started by the Native Daughters for
the beautifying of California Square, a
tract of land owned by this municipality.
Water for Irrigation.
Bsedml Dispatch to Th* Cull
WOODLAND. April 14.— James Moor©
and William Wall, trustees of the Moore
ditch property, are working a large force
of men in reconstructing the dam across
Cache Crock and will coon be ready to
supply a large ar^a with water. Irriga
tion will not b« limited to alfalfa fields.
For to\iT seasons the rainfall has not been
sufficient to sustain fruit trees in a vig
orous fxottth and most of the fruit grow
ers who are in reach of the ditch sys
tem will irrigate their orchards.
Purchases More Timber.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APBLL 15, 1900.
FIRE DAMAGES
THE CLUBHOUSE
AT DEL MONTE
Firemen Save the Bowling
Alleys and Wine
Cellar.
As the Building Stood Some Distance
From the Hotel the Guests Were
Not Alarmed and Few
Knew of the Fire.
EueciaJ l>;«r>«.tch to The Call.
DEL, MONTE. April 14.— The celebrated
Del Monte clubhouse, which stands about
2jO yards from the Hotel del Monte,
caught lire about half-past 2 o'clock this
morning. The main portion, which includes
the clubrooms and bar and billiard-rooms,
xvere destroyed. The bowling alley and
¦w-ir.e cellars remained intact and all the
vines and liquors except those in the bar
tvtre saved.
The nre started at some point between
the rrtlfng and roof of the front cable of
the buiidine. supposably from a defective
rue. though the exact cause is not known,
and must have gained considerable head
uay before breaking through the roof, for
¦Rhen it was discovered by a night vratch
raan. who was making his rounds, the
greater portion of the roof was in a blaze.
tf\o one was in the building at the time
except two men who sleep in the rear,
and they knew nothing of the danger un
til aroused by the alarm of fire that was
turned In immediately by the night watch
man. It took nearly an hour to get the
liames under control, although the hotel
fire department did splendid work. The
lire was in an almost inaccessible portion
of the building and the bowling alley had
commenced to burn before the streams of
water thrown upon it began to have any
effect. The bowling alley, however,
was only slightly damaged, and all
back of It and below it escaped de
struction. A strange feature of the dis
aster is that rone of the rare shrubs and
plants that surround the clubhouse and
render it one of the most notable spots In
the De! Monte grounds were Injured in
the least.
The clubhouse, being at a distance from
the .hotel proper, very few of the guests
knew of the rire until this morning, and
there was no panic or disturbance of any
kind.
W. A. Jur.ker, manager of Hotel del
Monte, was seen this morning. He said
he thought $5(«X> would about cover the
loss occasioned by the fire, although until
a more complete examination is made the
total loss will not be known. There was
no insurance, the Pacific Improvement
Company carrying its own risks oa its
rroperty hereabouts.
Special Sale
Music*
We regularly sell any sheet music pub-
lished at one-half publishers' prices,
and on Monday only, as a
special attraction in our Music De-
partment, we offer
"Smoky Mokes' Cake Walk"
"Irma Waltzes"
Two of the most popular instrumental
pieces, at the very special prica, each-
15c
Second F.oo'.
Special Sale
CuHain Ends.
We have secured at about half their value
450 Curtain Ends, im tations of tha
finest Lace Curtains made. They are
all 2 yards long by 50 or 63 inches in
width, and although a sample line
there are a large number of pairs
among the lot. The special prices will
be lon Monday only
2Oc to 50c Each.
New Wash Skirts.
/=\ Grass Cloth
/ \ Skirt, with box
/ \ pleat, trimmed
// \ with white bands in
/ • 1 chevron patterns,
/.It \ J?i T i n g flounce ef-
i\ A. \k feet- 0n1y...0S -•
/CpyV3/i PI liner ones
I W\^ >$.> *:'¦¦ \ Wash Covert
i_Mi W$ fc ) Skirts - with box
I j£"£_jfa y plait, tailor finish
of six rows of
stitching, wide hem — only SI.SQ
Trimmed with white braid,
$i.Jy and $2.25.
White Pique Skirts, with box .phit or
gathered back, very wide hem, lapped
seams, tailor finish. They are well
worth and will sell for more later on.
Our price now 31*73
White Pique Skirts — fully shrunk and all
details of making complete
$2.45 to 54.95
Second Floor — Front.
Dress Linings.
Fire Silk Surges — in all the new shades —
width 28 inchas — per yard 60c
Black Moire Skirt Lining — also used for
underskirts I—width1 — width 34 inches -an ex-
tra value— peryard 12\o
Gas Lamps.
A good in- <g~^gt '
can descent ' =s
g3s lamp =¦
com plete zj\
with burner, C^r/"s?^L
chimney, Vv^^-v.
shade and J^^ > *
Golden Rule i tl /p|t ,
Mantel^.... M ffilj;/,
SOO . Jt|| I'//
Go I d c n »fo ; -ri
Rule Man- !^&J!jr
tels ISo fr9
Emporium fj
Mantels,
guaranteed, if the Mantel becomes u*e-
le?s within 30 days of date of purchase
we will rive a new one free of charge
25c
*A complete line of chimneys, shades,
burners and mantles cf all kinds frf the
Wehbich Incandescent Gas Lamps.
Dress Goods.
Busy years — these in the dress goods
sections". Sales double last week — cus-
tomers thoroughly satisfied — immense
assortments to select from — qualities to
be depended upon— styles that are right
— prices that no one finds fault with —
here are half a dozen excellent value?:
48-inch Homespun —in three choice
shades of gra\ — an excellent wearing
fabric for outing suits or separate
skirte— yard 85c
52-inch Venetian Cloth— "kid finish"— l 2
new spring colors — per yard...s/*OO
54-inch Illuminated Homespun— 0 very
stylish shades of grays and tans— per
yard $1.25
Parasols.
A charming assortment made of the
correct materials and in the proper styles
for the coming summer now on display
and sale. Back Carriage Parasols
75c, SI.CO, $1.50, $2.5 'J
White Silk Sunshade ••
$1.50, $2.00, $3.50
Seaside Novelties :
750, $1.15 $1.25
Children's Parasol
25c, 35c, SOo, 75c
Fourth iAtsle—Ltf. of Entranse.
Timely Books.
The big store always makes special re-
dactions from publishers' prices. For
complete lists of the new books and our
quotations on many standard editions,
send for the Easter Book Bulletin, jujt
out.
Pub. Our
Price. Price.
"Acglo-Boer Conflict," Ire-
land $ .75 $ .59
'The Africanders," Hooker. 1.25 1.00
" The Territorial Acquisi-
tions of the United
States," Bicknel .50 .40
" Imprest ions of South
Africa," (new edition)
Bryce 3.50 2.75
"Joan of the Sword Hmd,"
S. R. Crockett 1.50 1.15
"Boj6 and Men -Stories •':
of Life at Yale " 1.50 1.20
" The Nicaragua CanaL"
Simons 1.25 1.00
"House of a Hundred *%v~
Lights." Torrenca 1.00 .79
"Red Blood and Blue,"
Rabertson. 1.5) 1.20
J? e S>» Many Surprising Sales Planned tor J j£™f™
wonderful coUec- F**^4>*%m+ \Ai ****§* new line, received
tionqfCoGka- WTtStt** Ipst Friday.
numbe%in 7 ale. If s having just the things that people want, at ***& new shapes
ries of tricks hnr i . . • Tiyi^i -• ii« i — some of the
deringonthe the right prices, that daily crowds our selling space, and mO st an Jtcpat-
marveions. Per- the more the business increases the better values can we afford to give. People terns and color-
fpnnances daily, f ar and near to whom economy is an object' are interested in the doings of this ings that ue hare
5pm a ' I &chibi- S reat establishment, and those who keep posted by reading our announcements and ever seen.
tionHa'li,2dpor. frequently visiting the store are saving money on every dollar's worth that they SOcto
Admission free. buy. We consider no transaction complete until the customer is satisfied. $4.50 eacn
A Sale of Men's $25.00
Black Suits for $13,90.
A retiring: manufacturer has closed out
to the Emporium at about 56c on the (gIUX Ifflftl
dollar a lot of fine suits made of Im- £|^=r *M||L
ported Black full- weight Worsted, cut \j^ r R W
in the round-cornered sack, cutaway y(\?&. tv<\
frock and Prince Albert styles. Every /\ t^yN
man should have a good Black Suit / J | /fvi^/Y
to wear on those occasions when other / / i / m**
styles of suits are not admittable. y| \ II . •
Three hundred men in this vicinity can -fN ju- ¦|.J > • \^
buy good Black Suits this week at a I Ji V/r ?-• — V
little more than half the ordinary cost. \\ /ff\ - ] I
Thesjsuits are lined with the very best /i m J /W
farmer satin, that is guaranteed to If 111 1 \fy\ '"\
wear as long as the cloth lasts. The /1/ 1 //A I , \
eewing is done with the strongest and • II j \l
best black silk, and the tailoring first In v \ j \\T
cla-s in every particular — equil to \\\ \ \\\
made-to-order garments. These 111 -I \\\
dressy and reliable suits are worth {/LL\s£=- \U
regularly $25.00, our special price W **s^^~ J
Monday ansi 6f»j7<3» C}o% &****' Jr
curing week
First hlozr—Ne r Entnnee.
Mffs Eariy Spring Saie
Carp®ss ass&i Furniture*
Ten notable offerings in Carpet Department and some carefully
made substantial furniture of the kinds particularly wanted at this
season of the year, at prices which we will not and cannot duplicate
when these lots are gone.
Offer l—lngrafn GarpctS — 1 yard wide, good, serviceable and pretty patterns,
usual price 40c a yard, for 25c
Offer 2 — Linoleum — The heavy SOc quality, 4 yards wide, on epecial sale, per
square yard GO i
Offer 3— Extra Super Ingrains — Ali-wool filling, splendid assortment of
new patterns, worth 75c peryard, our special price while this iot lasts 55g
Offer 4 — Tapestry Brussels — Ail wool, in par:or, hall and stair patterns, reg-
ularly 75c, special, per yard .*. 57\<S
Offer s—lon"Wire5 — lon"Wire Tapestry Brussels— Tne best wearing Carpet of tha
kind made, sold usually at $1.00 and $1.10 per yard, our special price SOo
Offer 6 — Wilton Velvet Carpets— Hall or stair patterns, usually retail at
$1.25 per yard, our special price Qsc
Offer 7—/J7 — /J xminster Car net— All well known makes, newest spring etfecte,
with borders to match, our special price 95c
Offer B—AXminstcr8 — AXminstcr Carpets— The finest quality made, real value $1 65, our
epecial price $1.30
Offer 9 — Smyrna Rugs— Size 3Jx6) inches, reversible, new, pretty patterns
worth $2.50, special price..... $1.70
Offer 10— Linen Warp Mattings— Gut regular 30c per yard quality, 10t.22\c
Rockers — t'olid golden oak, upholstered spring seat, in velourj or dami3ks, regu-
larly |4.00. special ¦ $2.75
Dining Chair— Solid golden oak, braced arms, fancy turned spindles, regulary
*1.5U, special *. ..$1.15
Dining Table— Sotid golden oak, 42-inch top, with flutec legs and claw fe^t, ex-
tends 6 feet, braced, high'y polished, worth $13.50, special $10.25
Sideboard— Solid golden oak, with 18x40 French plate mirror, neat carvinp.
highly polished, worth *27.50, special .' : ...$21.25
Couch —Full clipper spring, gondola shape, upholstered in pretty velours, worth
$13.50, special &9,25
Enameled Bed— 3-4 or 4-4 heavy, malleable iron, with brass rods, trimmings
and rosettes, worth $13.50, our special price, a beauty, for ~59>45
Combination Bookcase — Solid golden oak, with 12x14 French plate mir-
ror, good room dask, plenty book room, worth $18.00, our price $14-, 5Q
Folding Bed — Mantel sty.c, quarter-sawed oak, golden finish, has two compart-
ments on top, a very desirable piece for back parlor or dining room, regularly } 32.50,
epecial price $24 75
Parlor Sot — 5 pretty pieces, mahogany finish, upholstered in velours or damask?,
worth $30.00, special $2*. 25
Bedroom Set— Solid golden oak, 7 pieces, 24x3) bevel mirror, worth ?37.5 ,
our special price $29*35
Large iino of wire and canvas cots, steamer and camp chairs, stools, etc., just re-
ceived. We have priced them very low.
Special Values in
Cameras.
The Korona Cameras are the cheapest
high-grade cameras on the market. We
have yet to hear a complaint of the ex-
cellent work that they do — "it's all in
the lens."
PupKorona," - _jy-c^^l§PlP|t§iii«^ *¦
4x5 inch size £ :if?|l/U^^: if?|1/U^^
a double lens, Ss&mH \ 1 t^fel
out— complete with carrying <-ac an-i
one plate holder ....$12.00
4x5 Ruberoid Trays— each 2Uo
All-Wood Printing Frames— up to 4x5
inche?— each.. 200
Negative Drying Rack* -each 20c
4-inch Nickeled Mounting Rollers. ..3QC
Dark-Room Lanterns —No • 1, 70 c:
No. 2, 90 c; No. 3, $1.25.
Carrier j. D ft. - S cond Fljor.
Nome Bfanksfs.
We have prepared extensively
for the Nome trade. .Oar blanket
contracts were made before the
advance of wool and woolen prod-
ucts. Below we quote three
numbers especially adapted for
Arctic use:.
Wash GoodSn
Novelties as far a3 they are produced —
our New York buyers are constantly on
the lookout for new weaves and pat-
terns—to ' say that we have 500 styles
to showlyou is not exaggeration— there
are probably a much larger number:
Crepo n Nouvoaute—A striking
Crepon Gingham, with silk stripe?,
yard:..... 3Oc
Foulards — .Silk-finished styles, equal
to the most expensive silk fabrics, y*rd
15i
Madras Ginghams— loo pieces
fine -American made Madras, 31 inches
wide, d3intv designs in plaida and
stripes, yard 12\c
WhltO Piques— Upright and cross
welt White Piques, imported direct
iromEurope, some fancy effects pro-
duced for the first tinn this year are
among them, some of them finished by
tha mercerized process have the gloss
of satin, per y3rd 15c to 750
White Or&andies-Fn\\ lines of
these beautiful white fabrics —
32-inch"' Anuricn Organdies
lOC to 25c a yard
68-inch Foreign Organdies
35c to $1.25 a yard
Fijih t/lisle—Ljt of Entrant.
Checked Towelings
Well-made dass Toweling, finished aelv-
ages— l6 inche3 wids, BbO a yard;
2J inches wide, 100 a yard; 22 inches
.•wide, 7i?io a yard.
Special Sale
Easels— 7Bc.
4 p Regular size
'f_j\ Parlor Easels of
l/^i ribbed white
ff==z =/' enamel wood,
JF'^s\\ ' w i tn brass top
/ Y|j ornament and
if V| fittings, or a
f ]( natural oak with
If .j\ turned top or-
v oJj \ naments and
r 7i^-A brass fittings,
L-^^e^^y. both fitted with
ff~ i^j| adjustable pic-
Z_— — ¦» [L***** ture reBts » on
"""*^ sale at the very
special price for Monday only
, 78c
Ticture Tlept— Second Floor.
Special Sale
Hair Switches
For Monday and Tuesday only we offer:
?1.50 Hair Switches for $UOO
$2.50 Hair Switche3 for $1.60
$5.00 Hair Switches for $3,00
Hair *D tssi)i<r and -Manicuring
Par.o-s — Main Floor.
For Lzdies' 'and
Children's Wear.
' >s. jh. ySsa^^jK ' '"" me d
stitched and tucked yoke — neck and front
' edged with embroidery 353
Long-Sleeved Corset Covers — to wear
with shirt waists— pink or b ve — neck
edged with lace — 3izes 34 to 40..750
Fine Nainsook French Corset Cover — rib-
bon and lace trimming - running band
at waist $1.1 O
Skirts— 3 styles — all made of the be3t
materials — best workmanship — with
deeo fljunces, under flounces and dust
1 ¦¦ ruffle — choice for $1.75
Gowns— 6 styles — all new and pretty —
trimmed with fine embroideries — your
choice at $1.00
New Wash Kilts — fast colors — finished
with braid and pearl buttons — for
ages up to three years $1.25
Girjs 9 Linen Sailor* Sult«—
with white pique gamp — finished with
pearl buttons and colored braid — sizes '
for 6 to 8 years, $1.75— t0r 10 to
12 years $2.00 '
Gored-Cut Corset— A hooks-
made of black imported sateen, hand-
somely trimmed with lace and b*by
ribbon. $1.5 U
Special Sale
Liquors.
These remarkably low special prices
are for the entire week, beginning Mon-
day, April 16th.
Port or Sherry Wlno—Our
regular 75c per gallon grade, wines
that we can highly recommend, for one
week, per gallon 4Qo
Gedar Run Bourbon Whls-'
koy — Our popular seller, per gallon
$1.99
Lash's Bitters— -Per bottle.. 67a
First Floor— T^ear.
Special Sale
Thin Giasses.
IL f*— »| f~--?»fi_s» H \ thin blown
Hi 1 jj fiyJ/yy S lass Claret
Ck 'L tfes/ or Lemonade
Tumblers,
the regular
price of which 13 ooc a dozen, will be on
special sale Monday only
Set of 6— l9c.
Crockery Dfpt— First Floor.
Spring Millinery.
Hundreds of artistic masterpieces ar-
ranged in one great beauty show. Our
spring exhibit includes* more beautiful
imported models, more exclusive styles
than we have ever shown before. Quality
considered our prices are the cheapest in
the West. *&**
Imported Pattern §ii§i?
Hats, dozens of &£§s&>¦
&eiß"in"s4s& e iB"in"$45 «582S§iS^f
Elegant Millinery j^S^^^^^
shapes and col- £?~£z££s3tp&t&*tt
OT S ...$i2 r so
Fine Hats — best Sflf^ k : "*lr
material — our *-* %
§7.50 to ! ('tj^r?^l)
Walking Turbans -<^^P M^-
— all straw
trimming $2.50
Milan and Flat Rough Braid Sailor
...SI.OO
Jumboo Sailor 3 - men's block $1.25
Fine Jumboo Sailor — Knox block — flat
edge — satin finish — best that can be
made - $2.50
French Crushed Rose3— all shades — 6 in
a bench— per bunch 7 So
Velvet and Linen Ro»e3— yellow, pink,
red, brown, lavender— 3 in. a bunch....
..:....:..........::... 600
Mousseline de Soie and Braid Turban-
newest effect — ready to wear, with lit-
tle additional trimming .$4.59
S -con i Floor.
Splendid Values in Season-
able Household Articles.
&d£v]^' i 'ss!r&\> E ?K Poachers— improved kinds iMj I j
Bread Toaster for Gas or Water /gw»\ '^^^^ 1
Blue Flame Oil Stove; toasts Coolers — 2- r ' *S^ " »
four slices at a time evenly gallon size, •^^"^
and quickly... 50c japanned, %£**^fg We have " ix fin 9
handsomely wjil 4 Jr^= hardwood Refriger-
_/^L » decorated, jli^ «j^. ators-4 feet high,
ff^Zm^iM^t walls filled o» Jvi-««'= : : 3 * eet wsde ~~ that
II ii£ f*'^- with a snb " •yt)*Sl§> W- will boW 10 ° Ibs °*
ll r ;¦== -f**^ stance that Yl* '-M > cc each; "have lift
~-J) /jhj^CTise** | t makes tha /"^ 'rgk top 3, bronz3 lock
, - cc j^ a f**" '" and hinge?, Bteel ice
; n=^vV?^ ' i° n S t " ne " $1*95 racks, the regular
Three quart Ice-Cream C3S fc^S^M® i c six lef l from last
Freezers— freezjs quick- iJKP* ye ? r w ? make the
ly and economically; is «**>*" price this * e ?J£—-"
easy to operate and Floor Brush — 16-inch Brush of 516.00
clem $2.10 Tamoico Fiber, fitted with stained- pj r( j x ra p3p 3 f or
wood handle 75a the boys 350
— -¦^Ssfe&'^sfcla. Breeding Gages — complete with nest and seed
/S|g!g3gg3|§^. cups $1.00
((_ -^^^^^^^r l^—^!. Best Garden Hose — new fresh stock, 25 and 50
j /"^tT^ " >KJj^\ * cc * tengtbs — P er foot 100
[£^~ Shelf Paper — heavy stock, assorted colors.
Two burner' Gas Stove-japanned *"? 1 ""y"; 50
and nickel trimmed. $2.00 r ' Meat Safe-r-12x20x20 inches, one shelf, strong
. ' and well made $ImOO
. Blue FJame Oil Stove — the mod- Shoe Blacking Stands, in new and sightly de-
em kind, wick!ess. no smoke, no signs ?$1.35
smell, safe and economical, 2-burner Folding Sewing Tables— abo suitable for card
size $9.0J tables :. $1.25
Fine Brown Woolen Nome Blankets — a
specially cloao weave; weight 9 lbs — a
JLO per pair valua f0r.......... 57. 50
Tiger Mixed Black and White Mottled
Blankets; 8 lbs we'ght; an elegant
covering — per pair. $7. SO
Fine Gray Wool Blankets — size 72x9J
inches; weight 8 lbs; an extra special
value — per pair $G*sO •-
CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST-AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE
Clocks.
Nickel Alarm Clock, 4-inch dial, move-
ment can be taken out in 5 seconds,
fully guaranteei 7Oc
Eight-day Ebonized Wood Mantel Cock,
- 10J inches high, 17* inches long, giti t
and bronze trimmings, half hour and
hour cathedral gong strike.. ..s4*7s
Special Sale
Ribbons.
For Monday only we place oa
sale 3000 yard 3 of stylish all-3ilk fancy
ribbon, fancy checks, corded taffeta,
Roman stripes and solid colors in
almost every shade. These Ribbons
are from 3 to 4J inche3 wide, and
S worth in the regular way 25c to 35c
per yard — the special prica _. A
for ono day mSjG
Bargain T&blt—CMain JiisU.
Special Sale
Men's
Underwear.
All that re-
main of five of vjST-t'T " J'it't^s.
the best sell- 'W\
ing lines of liiiihH^'N;:;!; %|
Men's mediumJ^^Offi;, Iff
priced Under- C^-«i^|; , ««
wear that we %fiw#S wA
have had this
season have '\-%^si3^|V
been grouped >tBV
into one lot ik
and marked Is|\ v
at the uniform
price to
close out Monday, per
garment .43c
The assortment includes Darby Ribbed
Balbriggan Underahirt3 and Drawers ia
pinlu and tans, flat woven Balbriggan
Shirt 3 and Drawers, ia tans and fancy
black and whits and Camel's Hair Merino
Underwear in summer weight. The
special price for Monday U not half the
real worth of some of these excellent
garments.
'Bargain Tails — (Main tAislt.
Special Sale
Groceries.
These deep price cuts on every-day
necessities are good for the entire week.
Flour — Emporium Best Family Flour,
every sack guaranteed, per sack. 73 o
Emporium Whole Wheat or Graham
Flour, 10-lb. sack, this week 170
Eagle Milk— Special this week, 2
cans — 250
RlCO— Beat Japan, 12 lbs. for SOo
Oats— Best Eastern, this week, 10 lbs..
250
Ivory Soaa — This week, 4 bars
250
Pyramid Soaa Powder — This
week, 10 packages. ...230
CVfam Floor — T^ear.
New Siffks.
21 ' Inch Fancy Stripes — in
so.id colors and colored grounds —
blues, rose, reseda, brown, gray, etc. —
the latest creations for summer shirt
waists — per yard SI'OO
24-Inch Foulards— tn& quali-
ties in new patterns only — per yard...
750
20-Inch Wash Silk— pretty pat-
terns in blue, pink, lavender and gray
for summer shirt waists— per yard ...
SOo
20-lnch Colored Poplins—
(wool filling) — an extra good wearing
sh'k for shirt waists or fall costume —
all the new summer colorings— yard....
$1.0 O
Black Silks— a beautiful display of
the mo3t popular weaves — poplin, Lum-
enaux, Peau de Soie, Satin de Lyon,
Mascotta and Regence — t>er yard
Sl-CO to $2.25
first *Aisl* — Lift of Entrj.nct.
Bed Sheets*
Bed Sheets and Pillow Ca3es of good
na'erial, carefu ly made and thoroughly
reliable. Our specially made Emporium
Sheets and Cases are marked at far less
than the material would cost to-day in
the mill by the case. While present
stock lasts prices will be as follows:
Bleached Bed Sheets, 54x90 in., 37$ c each
" 63x90 - 45c "
" 72x90 " SOc "
" 81x90 " 55c M
" " " 90x90 M 60c "
Bleached Pillow Cases, 45x36 in., 10c each
41 50x36 M I2jc "
****** 54x36 " 13c '*
Dinner Sei.
We are selling Fine Table Cloths with
matching Napkuu at less than prices
usually charged for piece goods with
different napkins. These are all new in
style and high class in quality:
Fine Damask Table Cloths— 2J yards
long with a dozen three-quarter Din-
ner Napkins to mateh — the 5et..........
$5-75
Sams quality ¦atth )yzrds cloth, $6 sit.
Hemstitched fine 8-4 cloth with a dozea
17-inch napkins to match— set....—....
$5.75
Acarct-xith 2\ yards chth — set, $6}
• teitb j yards cloth — set, S6*7s*
Plated Ware.
Quadruple plate that will wear.
Butter Dishes, hand engraved, satin fin-
ish $2,50
Cake Basket, bright cut satin.. S3.CO
Combination Sugar Bowl, with twelve
spoons $lm 75
Berry Dish, blue glass, high stand
.... ~ $3.25
Triple- plate Coffee Spoon*, beaded pat-
tern, set of 6 75c
Rogers Bros. " 18-17 " Al Coffes Spoons,
fane y pattern, set of 6 $3*35
Rojera Bros. " 1847 " Al Berry Spoon.
fancy pattern, each $1.50
Cfrx S-.lvtr-xare Dtpt. %
First Floor— Rotunda.
21Great Britain is losing a great many men in South
Africa, but she is not without consolation. Her popu
lation has just been increased very notably by the
birth of another Prince.
So successful have the- Boers been in cutting Lord
Roberts' communications that Oom Paul may soon
have the privilege of acting as censor for the British
dispatches. ¦
If Bryan cannot find any other conspicuous tail for
his ticket; he might take Macrum. • • - • - !
CAPE NOME ENGINES.
FOUR more of thcae small, llght-welgrht Nora*
engines have arrived from East: call soon.
Rlx Engineering and Supply Co.. Sl9 Howard.
THE PARIS EXPOSITION.
YESTERDAY was opened at Paris that great
exposition of arts and industries at which all the
nations of the earth will be peaceful rivals, and
in which the triumph of one will mean nothing more
than that it has accomplished most to promote the
welfare of all. Whatever is done to increase science,
advance art, improve machinery, lighten labor and
make more abundant and more easily obtainable the
comforts and the luxuries of life, redounds to the ad
vantage of humanity as a whole. Those who are
victors at Paris will be only those who are the best
servants in ministering to the needs of men.
The opening of the exposition will serve to distract
attention, to some extent at least, from the bloody
and aggressive wars now being carried on in other
lands, and notably in South Africa. What Russia
is doing in Asia, what we are doing in the Philip
pines, what France is striving for in Madagascar and
what Germany is building a great navy to perform,
are little matters in comparison to the immense crime
of stamping out the brave republics that are battling
for independence against Great Britain. Were it not
for that war, the world would be able to greet the
exposition in Paris with a true enthusiasm, and in an
almost undisturbed peace study and learn the profit
able lessons which its miles of splendor will teach the
mind while delighting the eye.
Parishas a right to call herself the exposition city
of the world. Other great cities,, such as London,
Vienna, Philadelphia and Chicago, have had univer
sal expositions, but each has had but one of any
note. Paris has had sixteen,. and, moreover, it was
to her citizens the world owes the idea of such ex
hibits. No illustration of the wonderful difference
which the closing century has made in the ways of
the world could be more striking than a contrast be
tween the first universal exposition which opened in
Paris in 1798 with no exhibits and lasted three days,
and that which was opened yesterday with every na
tion and race on earth represented, and with ex
hibits so numerous as to be well nigh innumerable.
It is gratifying to American pride that while the
exposition was not ready for display, being far from
complete, the American exhibit was farther advanced
than any other, and, in fact, would have been ready
had it not been that the incomplete condition of ths
exposition as a whole, and the amount of work going
on led the American authorities to delay in placing
SWARMS OF JAPANESE.
SOME time ago The Call directed attention to the
rapid increase of Japanese immigration at this
port, and pointed out the necessity for restrict
ing it. It is now to be noted that Japanese are swarm
ing all along our Pacific Coast line wherever ships
from Japan find a port.
Dispatches from Vancouver arc to the effect that
upward of 3000 Japanese have landed there during
the last four weeks, and that 4000 more are booked
to arrive during the month. Some of these immi
grants may remain in British Columbia, but it is safe
to say the majority will hasten to cross into the
United States as quickly as they can do so. There is
more abundant work on this side the line and wages
are higher. The money-seeking Japs will not remain
among the Canadians very long after they find a
means of making their way southward through Wash
ington and Oregon to California.
This invasion of Japanese, coming as it does at a
time when the records of the port show also a por
tentous increase in the number of Chinese admitted,
not only to the port, but to citizenship, is a proof
that the revival of prosperity, work and wages has
had the effect of stimulating the rush of orientals to
our labor market. The danger of an execssiye im
migration from the Orient is therefore once more is
menacing as it has ever been in our. history. The
campaign for the protection of the coast from that
danger will have to be taken up again and carried on
this time for the purpose of excluding Japanese as
well as Chinese. In fact, it should be made to exclude
all oriental races, for it is quite possible the exploita
tion of the Philippines "may lead to an immigration of
some of the millions from those islands unless it be.
prohibited. . •
The evil is one upon which the people will' have to
keep continuous guard. It will be a menace to Cali
fornia and the Pacific Coast generally so long as
tvages here' are higher than those in the Orient and
inducements exist for wage-earners to come here.
The more the numbers of the Japanese among us in
crease, the more difficult will it be to exclude others
hereafter. The issue is one that must be dealt with
at once.
Realized from an investment proves
its worth. The following is a state-
ment of dividends we earned for our
investors during the past six months:
October, 1899 ... 4 5-8 per cent
November, 1899 . .. 6 1-2 per cent
December, 1899 . . 4 percent
January, 1900 . .17 1-2 per cent
February, 1900 . .7 1-2 per cent
march, 1900 ... 9 per cent
And they may be greater during
the next six months. You may shares
with us by investing $10 or more.
Your money is safe and may be with-
drawn upon thirty days' notice. Don't
delay. Call at our office or send .at
once for
Full particulars, free.
Son! American Security Co.
114 PINE STREET. S. P.. CAI*.
Correspondents throughout South America.
PERSONAL MENTION.
J. E. Terry* a lumber man of Sacra
mento, is at the Palace.
W. H. McKenzle, banker, and S. N.
Griffith, attorney, both of Fresno, are at
the Lick. .
T. J. McCarthy, an architect of Los
Angeles, who has built many of the fine
buildings of that city, is at the Palace.
W. H. Hallett, a son of Captain Hallett,
the pioneer, Is at the Palace. During the
past few years he has achieved no little
success on the Eastern stage In legiti
mate drama and is regarded as a young
actor of great promise.
A. C. Hutchinson, president of Morgan's
Louisiana and Texas Railroad and Steam
ship Company, which is a part of the
Atlantic system of the Southern Pacific
Company, is at the Palace. He arrived
yesterday morning from New Orleans,
where he makes his headquarters. Mr.
Hutchinson is the most noted railroad
man in the South.
A. Sbarboro, president of the Italian-
American Bank and connected with sev
eral other important institutions, left
last evening, with Mrs. Sbarboro and his
son and daughter, for a six months' tour
to the Eastern States and Europe. Mr.
Sbarboro will first stop at Washington,
then visit Philadelphia, where he will
make himself familiar with the workings
of the Commercial Museum. During his
visit to the principal European cities it is
his intention to. study municipal affairs
and especially the public utilities owned
by the different municipalities.
BLUE CLOTH COSTUME.
The engraving represents a tailor made)
costume of blue cloth. The jacket opens
over a waistcoat of white muslin, and Is
fixed by a tab. The lapels are faced with
tartan faille, the apron Is a broad band
of the same material, which also runs
around the bottom of the skirt.
Open Sunday.
Mark Hopkins Institute of Art. Open dally.
Including Sunday, from 9 a. m. to 4 p. m. Con-
cert every Thursday evening. Admission 23c. •
FASHION HINT FROM PARIS.
to house canvass to sell toilet articles."
you will come under the clas3 known as
peddlers and will have to pay a peddler's
license. The amount charged for such
depends on the locality in which you la
tend to do business.
_ETIQUETTEJOF_CALLIXG : -Subscrlb^
err City. *' a gentleman and~lady meet
for the first time and the lady desires to
continue the acquaintance, she will lnvlt'o
him to call again. No gentleman would
say to a lady at whose house he- called
for the first time, "1 shall be pleased to
call again." He has no right to force his
acquaintance to that extent, and If the
lady does not invite him it should be suf
ficient to give him to understand that ni3
presence Is not desired.
GAS IN A ROOM— A. S.. City. This cor
respondent writes: "A man was found
dead in his room and the verdict was that
he was asphyxiated by gas. The window
was open three inches at the top. Would
any different result have followed had th»
window been open at the bottom instead
of the top?" The answer is no. It Is evi
dent that the flow of gas filled the room,
and having driven out the life-plvingr air
there was no opportunity for fresh air to
enter, and the occupant of the room in
haled only the poisoned atmosphere.
exhibits in their showcases lest some of them might
beinjured. The swiftness and the efficiency of our
workmen was noted by.the French officials, and Com
missioner Picard paid us the graceful compliment: "It
is an object lesson to us all to see the American peo
ple work. I thank you for your promptitude and the
advanced condition of the United States section."
It is not in rapidity of work only that -our repre
sentatives have distinguished themselves. The num
ber of American exhibitors stands second only to
that of French exhibitors and trebles that of any
other country. We completely outstrip not only
Great Britain, but the whole British empire with all
its colonies. Our share of the great event is there
fore one of which as a people we may be justly proud,
and we can rejoice with the Parisians in everything
that tends to make the exposition the most brilliant
and most successful ever held.
TENTS AND COVERS.
XZVTLL2 A CO.. manufacturer*, baxa. Uata.
eoTtrs. tx tad a Calllornl* at. -
"I suppose -you have quite- forgotten,' Mr. Jones, that you owe me a fiver T"
"No. I haven't yet Give me time and I will."— Punch.
From the rapidity with which the British cavalry
are losing their mounts by disCase in South Africa. ;t
fs likely their battle-cry will soon be "A horse, a
horse; my kingdom for a horse." ~<¦
MATTESO.VS SLUICE WASHER.
Lent torn, riffles and carpet combined aar«s
placer cold. VAN WINKLE. 413 Market st.
GROCERIES >ND PROVISIONS.
Outfits packed, in VINE BROS.. 570 Howard.
JCS Fourth, 1302 Polk and 14 tl Stockton. S. F.
'-: '¦:: ¦' ; DREDGINQ PUMPS. —
Oil. Gasoline. Steam Hotits, Ontrlfural Pbibm,
Enicinira&Bollers. HendyMach.Wka.,4o Fremont.
SAND CENTRIFUGAL PUMPS.
In Operation Dally. «S Sixth Street.
BYRON JACKSON.
National Union Entertainment.
Under the patronage of the Cabinet of
the National Union the Social and Liter
ary Club of that order will to-morrow
night give an entertainment to its friends.
The affair is strictly invitational and
every member Issuing an invitation will
be held responsible for the person to
whom it Is- issued. The committee, con
sisting of W. AY. Healy, E. A. Kidd, J. N.
Bunting and F. H. Hastings, has arranged
a programme of the- following numbers:
Concert music by Sichel's orchestra, vocal
selections by Frederic Purdy. Miss Millie
Flynn and Harry Wood Brown; legerde
main, Professor Henry and Miss Carita;
instrumental selections, Bernhard Walter
and H. L. Todd.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, April 14.— H. T. Scott of
San Francisco is at the Holland; E. Lewis
of San Francisco is at the Plaza.
The New York Chamber of Commerce has started
on a movement to bring about a reduction of the war
taxes, and it is likely other mercantile bodies will fol
low the lead. In the meantime the express companies
continue to shirk the taxes, make the merchants pay
them, and are indifferent whether they be repealed or
not.
The report that Tammany is going to get behind
Bryan in this campaign is comforting, as it gives
promise of a chance to the voters to kill both the
Democratic birds with one ballot.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
A DAY IN. JULY— Seven Stars. City.
The 2d of July, IS6S, fell on Sunday.
CIGAR RINGS— W. H. D. f City. This
department cannot advertise places that
exchange cigar rings.
ANTIQUE BRONZES— C. I* P., City.
For further Information about antique
bronzes apply at the Mark Hopkins Insti
tute of Art in this city.
DAYS OF THE WEEK— D. J. C. Cas
troville, Cal. The 26th of February, IST6,
fell cm Saturday; May 8, 1577, on Tuesday;
May 16, 1579, on Friday, and December 9,
1880, on Thursday.
ROSCOE CONKLING— "W. J. TV., City.
The place where Roscoe Conkling died
was at 9 West Twenty-fourth street, an
annex to the Hoffman House, New York
City, on the 18th of April. ISBS.
A PLAY— J. K. F., Los Angeles. Cal.
Your complaint against this department
is not well grounded. The answer to
your question, about a play, was answered
on the 25th of March.
A PROMISSORY NOTE— A. 8.. Berke
ley, Cal. If a promissory note Is given
without the words "payable on or before"
the maker of the note has no option to
take it up before the time" for which it
was given expires, unless he pays the
amount of Interest which the note would
earn.
THE DOG OF MONTARGIS— A. H..
Haywards, Cal. Mrs. E. AY. Shaeffer. of
Twenty-second street and Twenty-fifth
avenue, East Oakland, informs this de
partment that if the correspondent will
communicate with her, she can give the
desired information asked for about the
story entitled "The Dog of Montargls."
ROUGH SKIN— WHITE SKIN— F. S.
M. and F. A., City. A person who desires
to obtain treatment for a rough skin and
another who desires to know what will
produce a white skin or complexion,
should consult a specialist on skin treat
ment. There has to be a knowledge of
conditions before treatment can be sug
gested.
TOILET ARTICLES— J. C. City. If
you desire to go Into cities and towns ad
jacent to San Francisco "to make a house
A "TOMMYROT" CHARGE.
AMPLE opportunity was given on Friday for all
persons concerned in the admission of Chi
nese to this city to make such explanation as
they could in reply to the startling exposure made
by The Call of that morning. Yesterday these expla
nations were published by The Call in full, for it is
the invariable policy of this paper to give every man
a fair hearing whenever suspicion of wrongdoing falls
upon him. In all these replies and explanations
there was not a single contradiction of any fact stated
by The Call. It was conceded that the figures stating
the number of Chinese admitted were copied from
the record and are correct. So the statements stand
undisputed that more than 10.000 Chinese have been
admitted to this port during the collectorship of
Colonel Jackson, and that a large percentage of them
have been admitted not only to the port, but to citi
zenship as natives of the country.
Our contemporaries dealt with the exposure each
after its own fashion. The yellow organ of the fugi
tive proprietor undertook to take to itself the credit
of exposing the wrong, thus following the policy it
long since adopted of taking stories from The Call
and claiming them as its own. The most character
istic comment of the whole, however, was that of the
evening organ of the Canadian faker, which under his
management has been devoted mainly to the style of
stuff known as "tornmyrot." That sillybilly sheet
raised the cry that the exposure would injure the city
by so irritating the Chinese they would abandon their
project of holding here a great festival and pageant.
That charge is so silly it cannot be stated gravely
in any other language than that of the author. It
run? thus:
This morning's Call lias a tremendous sensation. That
If. It cnvor3 over two pages of the paper, which is con
sidered pretty large. Its effort Is clearly to Injure the
reputations of Bcvrral well known men. Its effect may
bf> to f=o Jnefxsc the Chinese Consul General and the
Chinese merchants of the city that they may abandon
their pro.if-ct to have a splendid pageant here. Consul
General Ho Yew has been endeavoring to get certain
privileges that would enable his countrymen to parade
the streets and make a .fine show. The transportation
xr.en, who arc- best posted on travel to and from the city,
have raid that such a display would attract to the city
at least 53,000 strangers. Some estimates were much
higher. All agreed that It would be a good thing for
San Francisco. But the Consul General and his people
have had pmall encouragement, and in addition have
been much annoyed by the Board of Health. Now comes
The Call with a tirade against the Chinese which may
altogether discourage the Consul General.
It is not at all likely the exposure of the extent of
the Mongolian invasion will interfere with the pur
posed festival, but should it do so the city could bet
ter aflord to lose the street pageant than to leave
open the door for the admission of thousands of
Chinese claiming the right of citizenship. We can
not sacrifice American labor and the general welfare
of the Pacific Coast for the sake of njaking a Chinese
holiday. Even the Canadians would not pursue such
a policy, ar.d the proprietor of the Evening Tommy
rot would not preach in his own country the doctrine
he preaches here.
The Call did not publish the record of Chinese
immigration without duly considering what the effect
would be. The only serious menace to the continued
prosperity of California is that of a possible influx
of Chinese with a large increase of Chinese voters.
To guard against that danger is the duty of every
Californian. When the first cry was raised against
Chinese immigration, years ago, it was met by the
charge that the cry would injure the city. The people
were not alarmed then, nor will they be disturbed
now by a repetition of the old defense of coolie labor
and coolie citizenship. The exclusion act represents
not only the law of the land, but the sentiment of the
people. Its enforcement is necessary to the welfare of
the white race znd its violation or evasion is an of
fense which can never be too often nor too forcibly
denounced.
San Francisco Grutli Verein.
The San Francisco Grutll Verein will
Rive a grand concert and dramatic per-
formance on the evening of the 2Sth lnst.
In the Pan Francisco Turr.er Halle en
Turk street, and on the 6th of May It will
hold Its annual picnic at Schuetzen Park.
CaL glace fruit 50c per lt> atTownaend'*.*
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by th«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 6M Mom-,
gomery street Telephone Main 1042. ?
THE CALL'S EXPOSE.
Vallejo Chronicle, April 13.
The San Francisco Call in Its issue of
this morning exposes what It claims is a
conspiracy by which a coterie of attor
neys, through the neutrality of the Col
lector of trte Port, is gaining riches and at
the same time Hooding San Francisco with
a Mongolian immigration, a large per cent
of whom are allowed to' land as native
sons— Chinamen who allege that they were
born in this country and departed from
it prior to. ISS2, when the exclusion law
went into effect. So numerous are these
native sons of Chinamen who have recent
ly been admitted one would think the
passage of the exclusion law in ISS2 acted
with emetic-like effect, and at. that time
caused the infants and children ' of San
Francisco's Chinese population to stam
pede to the native heath of their parents.
While we cannot and do not believe that
Colonel John P. Jackson is a party to the
alleged frauds, The Call's expose is of
such a character that' the matter demands
a very thorough investigation. ¦ It does
not need a very strong imagination to see
that there is something radically crooked
somewhere, and that some lawyers are
getting rich at the expense of California.
It is only recently that a Chinaman in this
city appeared at the Chinese bureau In
San Francisco to certify to the age of a
student Chinese who was denied a landing
because he seemed to be over-old. Simply
a statement was required of the China
man, which, could have been made ver
bally or put on paper In two minutes, but
this was not done. He was turned over
to a. lawyer by an Inspector, who handed
him a sheet of foolscap on which was a
typewritten statement to sign. He signed
it, and that piece of foolscap paper cost
the Chinaman J25.
This in a measure indicates that the Chi
nese exclusion law is a magnificent thing
to enable lawyers to get rich, and accord
ing to the figures published by The Call,
a poor thing to keep out of our State
hordes of Chinamen now coming In. If
there Is no fraud, then the exclusion law
needs revision, for if its popularity with
the Chinese continues there is no telling
to what limits the coming of native sons
and students will reach. If there Is fraud,
and the exclusion law Is being-used to en
rich a coterie of lawyers, then the ex
posure is timely, and The Call will con
tinue doing a good service in driving the
guilty ones to their proper quarters.
GAMBLING AND EMBEZZLEMENTS.
JAMES R. GARNISS, resident manager of the
American Surety Company of New* York, in
commenting upon the losses of that company
through the defalcations or embezzlements of those
for whom it had given bond, stated to a representa
tive of The Call that during the past year 57 per cent
of his company's profits has been squandered at
gaming-tables and racetracks and similar places. He
estimated the loss of the American Surety Company
during the past year through such means at the
enormous sum of £500,000.
For the full understanding of that statement it is
to be borne in mind that the American is not the only
surety company doing business in the United States
or in this city. There are others, whose losses are
doubtless as large in proportion to their business as
that of the company Mr. Garniss represents. The loss
of $100,000 by the defalcation of Treasurer Widber, for
example, was not that of the American Surety Com
pany. It is thus evident that the $500,000 lost by the
American was but a fraction of the total loss to sure
ties last year through embezzlements due to gambling.
A significant feature of the revelation made by Mr.
Garniss is that while his company has lost that vast
sum of money in a single year, the name of the com
pany hardly appears in the records of the courts as
a loser. In fact, the company has no recourse, no re
dress. When a . man for whom it has given bond
turns embezzler and flies or commits suicide, there
is nothing for the company to do but to pay the loss.
To attempt to prosecute or to recover would simply
vetoe to throw money in hand after money in the bush.
By reason of that fact the public is never made aware
of the extent to which embezzling is carried on and
surety companies suffer. The aggregate of losses
runs far up into the millions of dollars every year.
That is a part of the price the American people pay
for the folly of permitting gambling to be carried on
under conditions that render it a continuous tempta
tion to the public.
Facts of this kind are matters of grave importance.
The list of embezzlers and defaulters in this city
lengthens too rapidly. Hardly have the people re
covered from the shock of the exposure of the crime
of one hitherto respected citizen before another
comes. As. Mr. Garniss said of those who play the
races and other gambling games,; ''They, fall like the
leaves of autumn." The records ;of, . our { criminal
courts and of the Morgue tell much, but not all, of
the fearful story.
It is for the municipal authorities to determine
whether this evil is to be longer permitted in San
Francisco. The law gives into their hands authority
to crush the evil, and public opinion will support
them if they be resolute in doing so. Once more a
warning lesson has been given, and should the warn
ing be not heeded it will not be long before another
comes.
David Bennett Hill "has reappeared at a Democratic
meeting in New York, but as he did' not vote it is
evident that while he may still call himself a Demo
crat, he has lost the habit of the breed.
BY REV. F. M. BRISTOL
D. D., President McKay's Pastor.
I PROTEST against the application of the term "society to
1 that little set of little fools who contribute nothing but
I scandal to the annals of a community. The true society of
1 America,- composed of the brains and virtue of her typical
men and women, to be found in Washington, New lork,
Baltimore, Boston, Philadelphia, Chicago and in every city
and town and village of this country, is worthy of all honor
and respect. Husbands never had more virtuous wives nor
wives truer husbanos; sons never had sweeter, purer motners
nor mothers nobler, cleaner sons; brothers never had more
chaste, intelligent sisters, nor sisters more heroic, chivalrous,
high-minded brothers than they have to-day and in our own
America,-
Democracy, is conducive to virtue. The most corrupt, licen
tious social conditions are found where class distinctions pre
vail, equality is denied and woman 13 robbed of her right, her
freedom and her independence. The morally healthy condition
of American society is due to the freedom, Intelligence and ex
alted character of American womanhood. And that woman
hood, I claim, Is the highest, purest type that has yet appeared
in the evolution of society. In contrast with this American so
ciety let the pessimist study Athenian society in the days of
Aspasia, Roman society in the time of Cleopatra, French soci
ety in the age of Recamier and Malntenon, English society in
the reign of Elizabeth or Charles II or the Georges. What en
couraging ; progress has been made in the moral sentiments and
standards : of society since the American Revolution gave aris
tocracy and sovereignty tc- the common people! The virtue and
honor of this world are ir; the common people.
Who determine the character of society? No mera four
hundred shallow-brined coterie of any one co^munny^ho
nr*> livine on the sweat of their falhrrs' or jn-andfathors WCW,
S" S m« a a£ e w^Sn. so called who can sbame^ysi^to
gether through a p-rformance of "Sapho or Tht Deßen-
Unites" preseVed by actors and actresses who are valnlj try
,ng to secure a virfuous reputation by breaking into^ Amer can
-ofletv; not the nameless few silly things who sell themselves
and their fathers' fortunes to foreign degenerates for titles
which our virile, hlgn-minded young Americans would not . w:p«
Their feet on. Not these, but rather the noblo rank and file of
manhood and womanhood, where you find the :deal fathers ami
mothers husbands ar.d wives, brothers and sisters, who by
?heir honest hearts and brains and hands are creating the
moral and material greatness of out free and Christian Amerl-
Can {Tm bound to say that tho highest standard cf American
society may be found at the national capital. The social atmos
phere of Washington Is sweet and wholesome. It was never
more so No social scandals- tarnish the purity of our offlclal
nr Concessional life. Finer specimens of moral, intellectual
nnd l patriotic womanhood cannot be found in this country or In
tho T-orld than are to be met at the social functions of tho
dutiful capital, where the best traditions of republican purity
and democratic simplicity arc preserved and exemplified in tho
domestic virtue, affection and happiness of the first home of tho
lan< Surely the American people may justly felicitate themselves
rtr, tho hhrh and unsullied record of that first home of the land
from the glorious day of Martha Washington to the good and
happy day of Ida McKinley.
DEGENERACY OF AMERICAN SOCIETY.
LEASING THE RANGES.
' I 'HE CALL has heretofore "furnished the econo
1 mic and physical facts .which are* the basis '.of
the policy for leasing the grazing ranges in the
arid region west of the ninety-ninth meridian. These
ranges are now used in common by the cattle, sheep
and horse growers, and as a result have been so over
stocked that the forage on them is disappearing, the
grazing business is in the course of rapid extinction,
and the aridity of the whole region is so increased as
to foreclose upon any hope of domesticating agricul
ture there which will support a fair population.
That there is opposition to leasing is a matter of
course. It is usually put on grounds that are unreal.
The opponents, almost invariably, appeal in behalf of
the homesteader and the poor agricultural settler,
when they are the worst enemies of both classes.
The National Livestock Association has under
taken to aid the leasing policy, and to that end has
appointed a committee to draw a bill for an act to
safeguard all interests, and put over the ranges a
leasehold care and control, which will not only
arrest their rapid destruction, but in time re
new their lost grasses and other nutritious for
age. This committee, after listening to all ob
jections, and having given due weight to
the appeals to prejudice, passion and fear
used by the advocates of the open range, have
adopted a course which appears to be clear of any pos
sible objection. This course is laid down by the fol
lowing action of the committee, adopted at Denver
last Tuesday: "Whereas, it is apparent that Congress
will await the crystallization of public sentiment upon
some policy protective of the grazing lands on the
public domain west of the ninety-ninth meridian;
and whereas, it is the determined purpose of those
who favor the leasing of the grazing lands that any
legislation for that purpose must reserve and protect
all the riglitsof the agricultural owner, of the home
steader and future agricultural settler, the mineral
prospector, and of all stock-owners, large and small,
now in actual use of the ranges; and whereas, the
ample time to prepare a bill for such a law, furnished
by the waiting attitude of Congress, affords the op
portunity for this committee to be informed in every
element of the problem; therefore, Resolved, That
this committee proceed to gather all information
upon the subject, and put the same into a bill, which
will faithfully embody the principles set forth in the
preamble hereto, and the provisions of which shall
be inoperative, except in counties in the region to
which it applies, in which the farmers and stock
owners ask for the same; and such bill shall be ready
for presentation to Congress at the next session for
action by that body."
The chairman of the committee was then authorized
to appoint sub-committees to prepare the several sec
tions of the bill, the whole to be fitted and put to
gether at a meeting to be held at Salt Lake City
during the summer. These committees are four In
number; one will consider the question of driveways
between summer and winter range; another will pre
pare the section to accommodate the leasehold boun
daries to the use of available water on the public
domain; another will frame that feature of the bill
which will reserve and protect the rights of agricul
tural settlers, homesteaders, mineral" prospectors and
actual owners of stock now using the ranges, and a
fourth will frame that provision of the bill which
limits its effect to such counties west of the ninety
ninth meridian as accept its provisions, such accept
ance to be dependent upon the petition of the ranch
ers, land-owners and stock-owners. This section will
provide the method by which this shall be done.
It will be seen that this option absolutely ends all
opposition based upon fear that the meat combine, or
any other, will lease the ranges, to the exclusion of
their present occupants and abutting land-owners.
The method is copied largely from the mining laws
of the country, which, in effect, make a camp of
miners the legislators in their own affairs. The pro
vision is excellent and answers every objection that
can be made.
It is our opinion that under this plan a law will be
passed, and that thereby an important step forward
will have been taken in the interest of the livestock
industry, as well as of the great irrigation movements
of the West.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 15, 1900.
SUNDAY ....APRIL 15, 1900
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor."
Address All Communication* to W. S. LEAKE. Manager.
rtnLICATIO.X OFKICn..MnrUet «nd Third. S. F.
Telepbone 'Main ISUB.
EDITORIAL n00M5....n7 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Main 1574.
Delivered toy rnrrlem, 13 Cenl« Per WeeU.
Mnt!<* Copies). 5 Cent*.
Terms by .Mall. Including I'ostacet
DAILY OALU (including Sunday), one year $6.00
DAILY CALL. <;ncluding Sunday). 6 months S-°0
DAILY CALL <inclufllnir Sunday). 3 months I.SO
r-AJLT CALL— By Sir. Rle Uoath €5c
6UXDAY CALL One Year I- 5 "
WEEKLY CALL One Year 1-00
All po»tma»ter» are authorized to recelT*
• obscrlptlona.
Sample coplee will b* forwarded whea requested.
OAKLASD OFFICE HIS Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGNESS.
Manager Foreign Advertising, Marquette Building; Chicago.
(Lorur Distance Telephone "Central 1613.")
NEW TOnK. COUHESPONDENT:
C C. CARLTCN Herald Square |
ICEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE: !
STEPHEN B. SMITH .. 30 Tribune Building
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Ehenaan House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel:
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
NEW TORK NEWS BTANDS:
Waldorf- AH oria Hotel; A. Brentano. 31 Union Square:
Murray Bill Hotel.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellingtan Hotel
MORTON E. CRANE, Correspondent
ZmAXCn OFFICES — Err Montgomery, comer of Clay, open
until 8:20 o'clock. 800 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. C 33
McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clock. 615 Larkln. open until
S:SO o'clock- 1941 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 22<!1 '
Market, corner Sixteenth, open until V o'clock. 1096
Valencia, open until » o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until
B o'clock. NTV. comer Twenty-second and Kentucky,
cpen until 9 o'clock.
AMUSEMENTS.
Grar.fi Opera-hou«M>— "An Arabian Girl."
Orciieum— VauioviUe.
Alo.i:ai^"Quo Vadi*."
California— "A Bachelor's Romance."
California— l'etschiKikoff and Hambourß. Monday afternoon.
April 16.
Columbia— "West's Minstrels.
TJvoll— "Tlie Bohemian Girl."
Fischer's Concert House — "Cavallerla Rustlcana."
Chutes, Zoo and Theater — Vaudeville every afternoon and
evenlns.
Olympla, corner of Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Heereation Park— Baseball.
Central Park — Gentry's Trained Animal Show,
TJclon CoureSnjf Park — Courslnc to-day.
Jngleside Coursine Park — Coursing- to-day.
Ehercnan-Ciay Hall— Recital Tuesday night.
El Campo— Danc:ng. bowllnff. fishing, etc.. every Sunday.
Western Turf Association — Races to-morrow.
CAPE NOME
MACHINERY and SUPPLIES.
SAND CENTRIFUOAL PUMPS:
KPAnH * Draks Amalgamators, operat.
l\ilUUn In* daily; 1 JO-Hp. casolln* *a,
. trine cheap. • Stevenson. 9. T.
EXPERIMENTAL MACHINERY & MODELS.
L. PETERSON. 6-14 A Mission. S. 7.: communi-
eatlooa from Inventors strictly confidential.
MARSH STEAM PUMPS
£trpply fresh cr salt water (or stale* baxwt
tilth or low Ufta. Btmenda. S3 Markat at.
GOL'> SEPARATOR.
Cyclone Gold Separator and Amalgamator tn
dally operation. Wm. H. Birch A Co.. US Ist.
GOLD SEPARATOR.
MARSHALL Gold Saving Macalne. 223 Fol-
worn «tr»et. Oriental Gas Engine Corapany.
LIQUORS-
VI/HIQK'FV U CAHEN A BON.
TTillOrVi-lf 418 Sacramento.
OILS. .
LT7BRICATTNO OtVCrad* On ana Oaaotta**.
ENSIGN A McGCFFICK. IS Spear St.. 9k T.
PLATES FOR SAVINO OOLO.
Ecnaetlftn A BurrMtf. < Hardl* plae*. off
Kcarny. between Sutter and Buia streets.
F. W. BELL, Central Plating Work*. *&! iii»-
•lon at.. 8. F. Phone Jessie 3CI.
ROCKERS.
DftrifEOC Htxla-Hula Rocker: Gtatrtfanl
AUWnCAO Band Pumps: Machinery. PARKS
* LACY CO.. II Fremont «t.
PORTABLE HOUSES.
BURXRAM-STANDEFORO CO.. Wasalitfton
aad lat sta.. Oakland, or Butldsn" Ex.. 3. r.
QASOLINK ENGINE".
HERCULES OAS ENGINE WOHKS !s flUtntr
many orders for Nome. 141-143 First st.. S. F.
'-^BNai.NES. BOILERS. ETC.
BAKER * HAMILTON. Esirinea «ad DoU«r«l
lowrat price« on tfc* eoaat. Pta* * OavU its.
FURS.
TVR COATS AND ROBES FOR CAPE NOME.
ALBERT HOEFLICH. 118 Grant aT».
22
i First | Sec'ndj
PLATERS. Round Round! Holes.
E.
C.
w.
F.
J. <
H.
o.
H.
R. Folffer 49 49 0
P. Hubbard.... 61 52 0
. P. Johnson 68 53 0
S. Stratton 53 62 1
C. McKee 6« 43 0
ML Fitzgerald 52 68 •
P. Greenwood..... 59 62 0
. E. Knowles 58 49 0
— —
_ -.' . . :
Total holes i I 1
I First Sec'nd
PLAYERS. Round Round Holes.
John Ijitfpon SI 43 4
R. L. Abbot Jr 43 t 55 2
H. B. Goodwin 43 * 46 9
H. D. Ptllsbury 52. 66 0
J. TV. Byrne 47 62 1
K. J. McCatchen 53 54 •
It. H. Gaylord 43 61 7
C. Pape D 4 66 1
¦ | — — —
Total hole* | j j 23at high water and was christened in the
good old-fashioned way by Lyman D.
Foster Jr. It was Master Foster's fourth
birthday and he celebrated it by naming
one of the finest schooners ever built on
the coast.
The new vessel is the third of her class
turned out by Hay & Wright for the same
owners, while the keel of a fourth will
be laid In the cradle Just vacated by the
Luzon on Monday. The first of the fleet
was the Philippine, and she is now on
her way back from Manila. The next was
the Expansion, and she is on her way to
San Pedro. The third is the Luzon, and
she is under charter to take a load of
lumber to Manila for the Government.
The Luzon is ISB feet over all, 36 feet 8
inches beam and 12 feet 6 inches deep.
She will carry 750,000 feet of lumber. No
expense has been spared on the vessel.
Water Front Notes.
The revenue cutter Manning arrived
from San Diego yesterday and will be
fitted out for a cruise In Bering Sea. She
was built In the East and has come here
via the Straits of Magellan and South and
Central American ports. She is a hand
some little craft and will be a valuable
addition to the revenue fleet.
The whaling bark John and Wlnthrop
had to put back into port yesterday. She
started from here for Cape Nome, but her
deckload was too heavy and the vessel
became cranky. The captain would not
risk going on, so he started back, arriv
ing yesterday morning. The deckload will
be removed and the vessel will sail again
to-morrow.
The schooner Kodlak. the first of the
Alaska Commercial Company's fleet, got
away for Cape Nome yesterday.
The schooner Carrie and Annie also
started for the gold fields. She took away
about fifteen passengers.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CRIME FOSTERED
BY RACE TRACKS
Surety Company Pays for Half a
Million Lost to Gamblers
Within^ a Year.
— ~. > .
Adolph Spher's Fall Only a Sample of the
'Appalling Damage Being Daily Wrought
by the Tremendous Evil.
FIFTY-SEVEN per cent of the net
earnings, of the American Surety
Company of New York— half a mil
lion dollars embezzled and squan
dered at the racetracks, in poolrooms and
over the green cloth of the gaming table;
an even half-dozen cases of embezzlement
involving, the" theft of $20,000 adjusted by
the firm of Reddy, Campbell & Metson. is
a portion of the appalling record of crime
and Its accompanying misery in San Fran
cisco for the period of one year, and <ill
directly traceable to the existence of race
tracks in proximity to the city.
These fact^s are but few among the
many equally as startling that have come
to light since the flight of Adolph Soher
a few days ago after having embezzled
the trust funds that came into his posses
sion as administrator of theestate of his
father, the late Dr. Lewis Soher.
The amazing array of facts causes the
people to wonder if one surety company
has lost half a million dollars in one year
through the peculations of those whose
honesty is guaranteed; if one linn of law
yers has adjusted six embezzlement cases
involving $20,000, and all lost at the track
or at other fleecing grounds, what must
be the aggregate sum of the total loss of
all the surety companies doing business
In this city and what must be the great
total of all embezzlement cases unheard
of in the courts, adjusted by the two
thousand and odd lawyers of San Francis
co? This is the question the people are
asking, but as they wait and muse plung
ing horses gaffed by tricky riders come
whirling under the wire and each time
thousands of dollars, some honestly
earned, more stolen and embezzled, flow
into the coffers of men who prey upon the
weaknesses of people for livelihood and
fortune. A story, startling as it is omin
ous for the future of the city's young
men, has grown out of the flight of Adolph
Soher. Not only has It brought to light
the tremendous losses of corporations and
surety companies, but it has developed
the fact that every day that racing is car
ried on within easy leach of San Fran
cisco detectives trained and shrewd in
their calling file a report for the informa
tion of bankers, business men and law
yers. On that report appears the name of
every man known to occupy a position of
trust In this city who lays aside his hon
est occupation if but for an hour and
tempts fortune at the racetracks.
So dangerous do the business men of the
city consider the racetracks that they are
compelled to expend their funds for in
formation regarding Its frequenters. No
association of business men thus guards
against house breakers or thieves that ply
their trade at dead of night. They are
not compelled to do so. The breaking of
a safe or the wielding of a slungshot may
deprive them of the profits of a year, but
in tuch an episode they see less danger
than that which may at any time con
front them If tin? harpies of the track are
allowed to work unwatched and unmo
lested.
Adolph Soher is still at laige, and all
day yesterday Mrs. Soher lay in her
apartments in a downtown hostelry pros
trated with grief. Many friends remained
with her and comforted her as best they
could, but could do little to assuage her
grief. Ben Thorn, the sterling Sheriff of
calaveras County, Mrs. Sorer's father,
arrived in tne city yesterday and
will care for Mrs. boher and her little
daughter Lurline.
fc.ariy yesteroay morning the officials of
the American Surety company began
tneir investigation into the uitatrs of the
Soher estate. While some traced tub
manner in which the fugitive squandered
tne funds placed in his possession others
made a ruuie erfort to locate nis where
abouts
Keddy, Campbell & Metson will doubt
less make the initial move to recover from
the surety company the funds embezzled
from the Soher estate. Tnis firm repre
sents all of the heirs with the exception
of the fugitive and Emile, and there wul
be but little delay in presenting the
claim. Next Wednesday the hearing on
the matter of the settlement of Adolplv
Soher's final account as administrator
will be called by Judge Troutt. At that
time Attorney Campbell will move that
the authority of the fugitive as trustee
be suspended and that another adminis
trator be appointed. This will open the
way for an action to recover the funds
emDezzled, from the surety company.
"Ever since the first of the year, when
Soher obtained a three months" leave
from the postal authorities, I suspected—
in fact, I Knew— that he was squandering
ill-gotten money at the track, said Mr.
Campbell yesterday. "I notified other
counsel In the case, but in the face of
Soher's strenuous denials they did not see
(it to carry the investigation of his ac
counts with the estate into the
courts. I have long been awaro
that he was gambling. Lawyers, bank
ers and business men throughout the
city now know who frequent the tracks
and how they play when they are there.
I am not at liberty to tell through what
medium we gain this information, but of
late we find that we must have informa
tion, as the danger that lurks in the ex
istence of the tracks for those dependent
upon others holding positions of trust la
becoming greater with each passing race.
"During the last year this rirm has ad
justed six cases of embezzlement, and in
no instance wns the embezzler over 24
years of age. The amount involved was
$20,000, and all of these young men were
either employed in banks or commercial
houses. In one instance the aged father
and mother were forced to mortgage their
home to save their son from a term In
prison. His employer felt the young
man's disgrace as keenly as did the
parents, and after securing the mortgage
took the young man back into his employ
and arranged with him to pay off the
mortgage his crime had forced on the
home of his parents. The -other cases
were equally as sad and it was only
through the leniency of employers and the
ability of parents and friends to make
good the amounts of the defalcations that
the cases were kept from the public and
the yountr men from prison. Other firms
in the city are frequently called upon to
act In the capacity of adfusters of similar
cases, and they ever will be until the
racetracks have been declared a menace
to the public safety and closed by the
lawmakintr bodies of the municipalities
and the State."
As yet tne postal authorities have taken
no action against Soher. His leave of ab
sence has expired, but he will probably
remain away.
Knights Templar at Service.
In accordance 'with the. annual custom^
ADWAI'9 BEAST Bgl.lK* *,* Kot^
Bnrtrated befor* thm publle tor 10 jsars t« «
Pain Remedy. It Instantly r*Urr«a and quickly
cwr«» aJI Colds. Sor* Throat*. Inflatfbsa, Bron-
chitis. Pneumonia, RhaomaUsia. Navralcia.
HfSrtsrh*. Trxwhrba tad all paint. Internally
tor Uikrt* *o4 all Bowel Pala*. All ArijsUt*.
HEART DISEASE.
Some Facts Regarding the Rapid In-
crense of Heart Trouble.
Heart trouble, at least among the
Americans, is certainly increasing and
while this may be largely due to the ex-
citement and.worry'of American business
life, it is more often the result of weak
stomachs, of poor digestion:
Real . organic disease is incurable; but
not one case in a hundred of heart trou-
ble is organic.
The close relation between heart trouble
and poor digestion is because both or-
gans are controlled by the same great
nerves, the Sympathetic and the Pneu-
mogastrlc.
.In another way also the heart is af-
fected by the form of poor digestion,
which causes gas and fermentation from
half digested food. There is a feeling of
oppression and heaviness in the chest
caused by pressure of the distended stom-
ach on the heart ' and lungs, interfering
with their action: ; hence arises palpita-
tion and short breath.
Poor digestion also poisons the blood,
making it thin and watery, which irri-
tates and weakens the heart.
The most sensible treatment for heart
trouble Is to improve the digestion and
to insure the prompt assimilation of food.
This can be done by the regular use af-
tir meals of some safe, pleasant and ef-
fective digestive preparation, like Stu-
art's Dyspepsia Tablets, which may be
found at drug stores, and which contain
valuable, harmless digestive elements in
a pleasant, convenient form.
It is safe to nay that the regular, per-
sistent use of Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets
at meal times will cure any form of stom-
ach - trouble except cancer of the stom-
ach. . sfeasßi
No. 7 $40.00 Belt for $20.00. No. 6
$30.00 Belt for 915.00. No. 5 $2000
Belt for 910.00. These I guarantee on
$pOoo bonds, and will pay to any
charitable institution $1000 if it can
be shown that the Belts I am now sell-
ing at Half-Price are not the bona fide
U. S. patented Sanden Belt, purchased
of Dr. A. T. Sanden in 1899, and as sold
on this Coast for years past.
There is no deception nor imitation in
these Belts. They are sold in the Lion
Drug Store and at my office, and are the
Belts with 30 years' record as the' great
remedy for the ailments of man and
woman.
Call and test them, or write for Dr.
Sanden's book, "Three Classes of
Men," free. Address
Df^. S. S. HALL,
703 MARKET ST.. JVOOM 3,
SAN FlfAlf CISCO.
getthe GENUINE SANDEH
AT HALF PRICE !
THOUGHT THE ALCAZAR
THEATER WAS ON FIRE
•
During an act of "Quo Vadls" at the
Alcazar Theater yesterday afternoon a
woman whose seat was near the stage
noticed the odor of smoke which came
from a torch used In a drill scene. The
smoke alarmed the woman, and without
looking to find Its cause raised the cry
of "Fire!"
Most of the audience know that the
smoke simply aroso from th<» torch, and
little commotion occurred. A few girls
in the rear of the house rushed out into
the foyer, but order was quickly restored
by the theatrical staff.
the members of California Commandery.
Knights Templar, will attend special Eas
ter service this afternoon In the First
Presbyterian Church. Golden Gate Com
mandery will attend like service In Trin
ity Church. All the sir knights will be in
full uniform.
NEW DRYDOCK
TO BE BUILT AT
HUNTERS POINT
Board of Directors After an
Examination Have Se
lected a Site.
The Projected Structure Will Be Lo
cated South of and Close
to the Present . - ~:^ -
Plant.
The great Increase In the dimensions of
modern seagoing vessels, both warships
and freight carriers, has convinced the
directors of the California Drydock Com
pany that they must Improve and Increase
their facilities for the docking of this
class In order to keep up with the times.
The present dock at Hunters Point can
not accommodate a larger ship than the
Oregon. When the Hancock was aocked
there It required considerable ingenuity
to get her Inside the gate. The Oregon,
which had been inside three times, was a
much easier fit, but her width filled up
the dock close to its sides. At the time*
the present dock was constructed, tn ISSS,
it was deemed capable of holding any
vessel afloat, but since those days ship
building has progressed, and with Its
progress dockage must also progress to
accommodate the vessels.
In view of the experience with the Han
cock and Oregxm the board of directors at
a recent meeting decided to take steps to
either enlarge the present dock or con
struct a new one. It was ascertained
after an Investigation that to extend the
present dock and to widen the entrance
would cost nearly as much as to construct
a new dock, and In addition to. this the
docking of vessels would have to be dis
continued during the period of reconstruc
tion. Last Friday William Babcock, Cap
tain George S. Wright. J. C. Coleman. J.
H. Meyer and Secretary W*. F. Russell ot
the board of directors went over the
ground at Hunter* Point and decided to
construct a new dock on the south and
not far from where the present dock Is
located. ...
Work will be commenced Inside of
thirty days, and the company expect!* to
have the dock ready to receive Its first
vessel within eighteen months. By way
of a comparison the dimensions : of the
present dock and that of the proposed
dock are given: Present dock— 433 feet
long:, 90 feet wide and 23 feet in depth
over sill. - New dock— 7so feet in length,
122 feet wide and 28 feet deep at high tide.
NEWS FROM THE
OCEAN AND THE
WATER FRONT
Captain Fithian and Party
in Quarantine on the
Rover.
Transport Tartar, Schoon-r Jane L.
Stanford, Bark Annie Johnson
and Ship Kensington Also
Put in Quarantine.
Among the arrivals yesterday were the
yacht Rover and schooner Jane L. Stan
ford from Honolulu, bark Annie Johnson
from Hilo, the ship Kensington from New
castle, N. S. \V., and the steamer Tartar
from Manila. All five vessels were sent
Into quarantine and will not be released
until thoroughly fumigated.
The Rover was formerly the schooner
Earanoff. She wts purchased early In ISDO
by Captain Flthian of Santa Barbara and
turned Into a yacht. Accompanied by
George Loughborough of San Francisco
and Miss Kate Clement of Oakland, Cap
tain Fithian and his wife started on a
cruise around the world. While the yacht
was in port at Papeete, Tahiti, Miss Clem
ent got tired of the voyage and came
home. Then Captain Fithian had trouble
with his sailing master and that gentle
man also quit the Rover and came home.
Since then the yacht has been to nearly
all the islands iv the southern seas, her
last hailing port being Honolulu, from
which she mndc the run in thirteen days.
When Captain Fithian Is released from
quarantine- he will probably have some
Interesting stories to tell about his ex
periences among the natives of Tahiti,
Samoa, Fiji, Raratonga and Hawaii.
The schooner Jane L. Stanford was six
teen days coming from Honolulu. On
April 8, In latitude 25 degrees 43 minutes
north, longitude 138 degrees 20 minutes
west, she was caught in a heavy gale,
during which her - main masthead was
twisted and the mainsail split.
The bark Annie Johnson came from
Hllo in thirteen days, and reports that the
barkentirie S. G. Wilder was to sail for
San Francisco on April 2 and that the
bark Amy Turner and ships Henry Vlllard
and John McDonald were in port.
The ship Kensington had an uneventful
voyage from Newcastle of seventy-four
days.
The" Tartar was thirty days from
Manila, via Nagasaki twenty days. She
brought up fifteen cabin passengers and
fifty discharged soldiers In the steerage.
The transport was sent to quarantine,
but her passengers were landed. The
cargo and baggage on the vessel will 'be
thoroughly fumigated before It is allowed
to be taken. ashore. A colored soldier
named Johnson, a member of the Forty
ninth Infantry, was taken to Alcatraz
Island. He is to be dishonorably dis
charged from the army for a serious of
fense, and will remain in custody until
the proper orders are given. The Tartar
brought two bodies from Manila. One was
that of a volunteer officer who had been
killed In action, and the other that of a
clerk who died of dysentery.
Steamer Laguna in Trouble.
The steam schooner Laguna. which left
here on the 6th lnst.. Is ashore among
the breakers at Tillamook. She made the
run up the coast all right, but had to
stand off shore during ?ome heavy weath
er. On -.April -11 she attempted to go in,
but broached to on the bar and was
driven ashore. According to private ad
vices she Is. away up on the beach and
skids will. have to be built In order to
launch her again. The hull Is not damaged
to any great extent and- It Is expected
that the vessel will be afloat again during
the week. iSBHBBVHHBBBHas
Launching of the Luzon.
The most successful launching of ¦ the
year took place from .Hay & Wright's
shipyard •at Alameda Point yesterday.
The new schooner Luzon left the' ways
Decoration Day Committee.
The Mayor yesterday sent a communica
tion to the Board of Supervisors in which
he recommends that a citizens' committee
be appointed and that $500 be appropriated
as provided in the charter for the proper
celebration of Decoration day. His Honor
also submits a list of gentlemen who are
certified to him by the Grand Army as be
ing patriotically interested in the proper
observance of the day, as follows: ' Samuel
W. Carpenter. Peter H. Mass. W« "W.
Stone, Charles Edclmann, J. A. Whiteslde.
W. R. Parnell. R ; H. Warfleld, E. T. Al
len. Horace Wilson. Elisha Brooks, James
Butler, W. F. Howe. Solomon Cahen, F.
E. Myers and Samuel M. Carr.
The Mayor suggests* that veterans of
the recent war should also be represented.
Merrily Going On
Is the sale of shoes at the Boston Shoe
Company. To-morrow we will sell 500
pair of ladles' fine kid shoes, worth $3.00.
for only $1.25 a pair, at the Boston Shoe
Company, 775 Market st., near Fourth. •
Charles Wilson & Co.. George A. Werner.
Monarch Printing Company. Mutual Printing
Company. Eastman & Mitchell. Hyman Brc» ,
J. S. Vandewater. Jacob A. Ephraitn.
Literary committee— H. S. Crocker Com
pany. Bosqul Engraving and Printing Com
pany. P. J. Thomas.
Invitation committee— Frank Eastman & Co..
F. H. Abbott. Hinton Printing Company, Ster
ett Printing Company.
Tickets committee— Richard Munk, Cubery &
Co., Thomas J. Davis.
Press committee^ — George Norton, Commercial
Publishing Company, Hlcks-Judd Company, H.
S. Crocker Company, Fllmer-Rolllna Company.
Grounds committee— Phillips & Smyth, Sterett
Printing Company, Mission Mail, Frank East
man & Co.. Latham & Emanuel.
Programme committee— John Partridge, Sun
set Press, F. H. Abbott, Louis Roesch Com
pany.
Printing committee— Latham & Emanuei,
Robert R. Patterson. Mysell-RolUna Company,
James W. Hoajr. Horwlnski Bros.
Northwestern Railroad Company, the
owner of El Campo, for the building of
an additional dance platform, which will
be erected for the occasion.
The literary committee is arranging a
very elaborate programme. They have
demanded that the music committee fur
nish them with an orchestra for the ex
ercises. The music committee reported
that it would have two bands, so as to
have dancing continue without intermis
sions, and also to enable them to provide
music for the literary exercises and the
athletic carnival.
The committee on souvenir programmes
have decided to offer a prize of $50 for the
most handsome page. 150 for the best dis
play page, $25 for the most original de
sign. They decided to appoint the Inland
Printer of Chicago to be the judge and
the prizes will be distributed on their de
cisions.
The following committees have been
named by the board of directors:
Music committee— C. A. Murdock & Co., Mar
tin & Martin, McCallum & Son.
Prizes committee — Stanley-Taylor Co.. James
H. Barn-, Payot. Upham & Co.. Dempster
Bros., Edward C. Hughes. E. A. Janssen & Co.,
Valleau & Peterson, Brown. Meese tc Crad
dock. Joseph M. Torres. Schmidt Label and
Lithographic Company. H. S. Crocker Com
pany. Hayes Valley Advertiser, W. E. Henlcke.
San born. Vail & Co.. C. W. Nevln & Co.
Reception committee — Searle & McCllnton.
Academy Printing Company. W. F. Altvater,
Anden«on Bros. & Wade. Annls Printing Com
pany. R. p. Avery & Co., Bent & Meyerderks.
Charles J. Collins & Co.. Edward D. Beattle.
N. O. Ford, Thomas J. Dtgrnan. Ross & Sons,
Standard Printing Company. John W. Roberts,
Salomon & Olsen, M. Weiss' Son, Gustaf F.
Wikstrom. A. J. Lafontalne. Hayes Valley
Printing and Stationery Company, City Hall
Printing Company.
Boat race and swimming commlttee^ — W. E.
Henlcke, Francis, Valentine Company, VaJleau
& Peterrcn.
Race track commute* — Sunset Press, Stu»tze!
& Richardson, West Coast Publishing Com
pany.
Floor committee — Fflmer-Rolllns Electrotype
Company. Springer Printing Company. George
Spaulding & Co., Vpton Bros.. Wllcox &. Co.,
GALA HOLIDAY
PROPOSED BY
THE PRINTERS
Business Firms Asked to
Close Doors and
Celebrate.
Ccnxmittees Appointed to Arrange
Details for an Unprecedented
B-eunion to Be Held at
£1 Campo.
The printers' holiday promises to be one
of the preatcFt reunions ever celebrated
by any branch of the mercantile interests
of our city. The board of directors will
address all persons connected -with the
printing trades in California, requesting
them to suspend business on May 19 and
to celebrate the occasion in a manner that
crd commemorate the printers' first an
nual holiday In the history of the State.
The grounds committee is making: ar
riirfg-tmer.ts with the California and
tor tor
Travelers. Stay-at-Homes:
New Line of J ) New Stock
Trunks \ \ of
Just Arrived. < { Dinnerware.
Bureau Trunks, Patent Wall \ \ An inspection of our new pat-
Trunks, Ladies' Hat \ \ terns will convince you that
3Ss±£&&&J£ « T ', he "7"'- ¦*""<
Trunks, Basket or Willow ) a°d best line of open stock
Trunks. Canvas - covered \ Dinnenvare in the city.
Flat Trunks. Barrel-top ( They are all of a semi-
¥?K kT'tS ££S vhrcou, non-era,™.-
Trunks. ' ain ' Wltn Haviland decora-
1 tions.
Fine £ . „ t .
c f- U 1 n I f- 5 pieces. Cottage Combma-
batChel BaSKetS. t i on> Beauty Rose decora-
Fine Finish Satchel Baskets, tion, $7.75.
former prices 35c, 45c, 55c,
65c. 75c, to 19c, 26c, 39c, s g picceSf Teaset. Beauty
49c, 59c, this week only. Roje dccorationt ?Q . 50 .
Also Telescope Baskets, with
strap. 14-inch 25c, 15-inch 100 p i eces . Dinner Combina-
30c, 16-inch 35c. t .£ n ?12 „
. . , . : • Same Combination in Foreet-
Any of the new copyrighted . •• . ,
paper novels, regularly sold me - not « bb e ° o w :^ a °i decora '
at 50c, special at 35c this tions . a * §°- o O> $7.25 and
week. 913.25, and in screen spray
Al ?> After Easter Drive in t i nted Rose decorations.
Books — Monday, Tuesday
and Wednesday Only. ~., . . . ...
~ -.- , - , The best and cheapest line of
Over 300 Titles of elegant, ? •• , _. J
clothbound izrno. Books, , rolled cd * c Restaurant and
good paper, clear type, reg- f( ( Hotel Ware ever shown on
ular 500 for 15c. )( ( this coast. ? 4 _
See Our New Line oF Baby Go-Carts.
_ /•—#»» » »» »»
818-820 Market St., S. F.
_ (3) G. B. STAINFORD.
(5) S. D. BALLOU.
"""^ «> J. D. FOWLER. • <-'»«¦ D - °««-
VETERANS OF THE GRAND ARMY ON THE JOINT EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE.
? ¦:,.-:/ JL
c= jT = "E next encampment of the Grand Army of the Republic. Department of California, will be held this year in San Luis I
X 1 Obispo. commencing en the Ist of May. at the fame time the Grand Court of Foresters of America begins its sessions!
ji there. For the entertainment of the representatives of both bodies great preparations have been made and" to carry f
? out the programme the Grand Army joined with the Foresters.- There was appointed a joint committee composed off
- eifiht Foresters, whose portraits have already appeared in The Call, and live Grand Army representatives whose nor T
? trails are herewith presented. These are F. E. Darke. R. D. Orr, G. B. Stalnford, J. D. Fowler and S D Bailou The last ?
rained is the chairman of the joint committee and G. W. Long, a member of the Foresters, is the grand marshal of the<J>
• parade. f
The Grand Army will establish headquarters in the Ramona and all the delegates of this body will be the special t
¦ guests of the Fred Steele Post. -. •. -v- - v y
?•• • ?
Outing Skirts and Waists.
1930 Spring Styles— Pique, Linen and Duck Skirts Just Opened.
LADIES' WHITE DUCK SKIRTS.
Box-pirated back, bottom of skirt trlmrnM wtt!» S rows band trtmmlnr. *Wt».
blue or brown: worth fl 25. SPECIAL AT 75e
COTTON COVERT CLOTH SKIRT.
Colors brown and blue. 3 rows of band trtmmlnr. box-pleated back; worth ».
SPECIAL AT #125
LINEN CRASH SKIRT.
Tailor seamed, turned hem to allow for shrinkage: worth VS. BPKCXAX*
AT »I.©O
FINE GRADE OF DUCK. PIQUE AND LINEN SKIRTS.
Handsomely trimmed, at ?3.00. 93.50 and 93.73
WASH SHIRT WAISTS.
Just received, new patterns that an» nrell. tVhIU and colored uhlrt waists that
are ud to date in every way at f l.o«>. ?1.23 and 91.&O
JUST RECEIVED .. V -
A small lot of waists made of fine quality Scotch Madras. Randsoma otrles.
equal to anything shown at JJ. OUR PRICE «2.0U
KOHLBERG, STRAUSS & FROHMAN,
107-109 POST STREET.
1220-1222-1224 MARKET STREET.
GRAND ARMY VETERANS TO
MEET AT SAN LUIS OBISPO
THE SAN FKA3STCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 15, 1900.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
iIS I mSS^ ELE ™ ZONE W 'U CURE YOU. I
\^Mf j l "P' //^'O^^^W) ELECTROZONE enriches and purifies i
i ' : '"-fffi / "'''llii k^ Vj^^^^A the blood and builds U P the entire system. H
f^|p|g||P ELECTROZONE I
IS LIFE S
i °W<& ELECTROZONE CURES by removing the cause 1
? o f disease and nature heals. Nature and ELECTRO- 1
" ZONE— the most powerful combination on earth for i
| r~^^y^_g?^ the removal of disease. fl
§1 fiP* Ff FCTROZONE , Rheumatism, I
I WHEN OTHER SSSia, v I
1 nrmmiCC Eili Female Complaints I
% KcJllfcDlC^ TAIL... and all Blood Diseases. I
Q THE PUBLIC ENDORSES ELECTROZONE. B
H DR. T. B. TAYLOR, a form :r professor of the ) LAURA GLOVER, Victoria, B. C: "Electrozone fi
m Phi adelphia MeJicai Colleje, writes: "I am a phy- \ cured m: ot 4 sevsrs case of Rheumatism." B
gS ' sidm and surgeon of 36 years' practice and cheer- < S. W. CLARK, 6di Miin strest, Seattle: "Your M
[A fully recommtnd Electrozone for the stomach, ) Electrozone Is a boon to suffering humanity. 1 was fl
tj klJneys and nervous derangements. I have )on th; ver?e of the grave with blooi poison and H
|_j used and prescribed it with gooi results." \ varicose ujc-rs. Electrozone saved ray life." fi
I ELECTROZONE is for Women and Men, I
lh AUdru2<?l<t* sell ELECTROZONE br:paratlon«. Accept no substitutes. B
[I ELECTROZONE $1 a bottle. LIVER PELLETS 25 ctntt. NERVE TABLETS 50 cents. fl
b] Write for pamphlet to ELECTROZONE MFG. CO., Sin Francisco. ¦
ADVERTISEMENTS.
23NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Yin Ssr.salito Ferry.
Commeticins October 1. 1599.
WEEK DAT&-*7:00. »9:SO. U:0O a. m.; 1.0.
•8:40. S:l5. «:00. «:S0 ». m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San Ra.
fael on Mondays, Wednesdays and Satuniajr^.
at 9 -00 and 1J:UO D. m. •
BUN'DATS-*S:0O. »10:C0. 11:59 a. m.; n-li.
IJ3. »4:43. «:30. 9:00 p. m.
Trains raarhed <*> run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO. SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS-«:». •6:35. 7:43. -i:io a. ml
•12-JO. 2:15. *3:40. »3:l^ p. m. *
EXTTIA TRIPS on Mondays. WedaesUaya aaJ
Saturdays at 6:41 and 1O:1S p. ra.
SC'NDAYS-6:2Q, *S:00. '10:09. »U:4S a, ,».
•1:40. »3:15. 4:45. »«:30 i>. m. ™ >l
Tmlns ntarked (•) start from San OuenMn.
yROM MILL VALLET TO BAN FRANCISCO.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. TCedneadaya uJ
Saturdays nt 7:CO and 10:20 cm
SUNDAYS— B:(S. 10:05 a, m.: 13:05. 1:13, j^j,
».00. . 3. niouOH xj^rjjg^
T*oa- m. !^eek days— Caradero and way station*.
f.iO p. o. Paturdays-Torr.ales and way station-
|:00 a. m. Sundar«-TomaU. and way Hatioli
Best Typewriter Ribbons.
The Eureka Typewriter Ribbons ,will
Rive clear and permanent press copies
Will not fill the type. Samples free. L.
& M. Alexander, agents, 110 Montgomery.*
TWO=r II A Mft!?^=TßfllNSM ft !?^=TRfllNS
Knickerbocker
Qnori^l Noonday
tJ[lCwldl Train From
( NEW YORK.
<iT I fillip tn ) BOSTON,
dl. LUUIb 10 < BUFFALO
C CINCINNATI.
Via Big Four Route and
New York Central Railway.
»O TUNNEL AT ST. LOUIS.
NO FERRY AT NEW YORK.
STOP AT NIAGARA FALLS.
White~city
Special £UUp, p ; m -. .
, CINCINNATI.
CHICAGO to ¦ MS5i. N '-
I PHILADELPHIA.
£ NEW YORK-
Via Big Four Routs and
Chesapeake & Ohio Railway.
CARLTON C. CRANE.
Pacific Const Agent.
COAST IU VISION OUrrou Usurs).
(Foot cf Market Street.)
Man's Influence
Over Man.
Remarkable Words on Personal
Magnetism From an Emi-
nent Divine.
IJb subject has excited so much inter-
•st or awakened so much discussion
3mong thinking people of late as that of
Personal Magnetism. It is worthy of
note that clergymen, doctors, college
presidents and men of science every-
where are giving it deep thought. Many
of them have openly certified to its won-
derful powers. The outspoken words of
Rev. Paul Weller of Gorham. N. V.. in
this connection will call forth no little
additional comment.
ADVEETISEMEXTS.
DEBAUGE GIVEN
TEN YEARS IN
FOLSOM PRISON
French Cook Who Killed
pelia Tracy cWill Suffer
for His Crime.
Judge Dunne Severely Criticizes the
. Jury for Bringing in Only a
r Simple Verdict of Man
slaughter.
Superior Judge Dunne yesterday sen
tenced Paul Debauge, the French cook
who murdered Delia Tracy last December
in "a Turk-street lodging-house, to ten
years in Folsom prison. In pronouncing
sentence Judge Dunne severely criticized
the jury which brought in a verdict of,
manslaughter. lie held that from the evi
dence only one of two verdicts should
have been rendered, murder in the first
degree -for having killed a defenseless
woman or acquittal. -
Debauge' accepted the sentence cheer
fully.-realizing that he had come out
llgh'tly in his trouble. His wife was not
present in court at the time..
His attorney. J. N. E. Wilson, asked for
a stay of proceedings of five. days, which
was granted, and an appeal will be taken
to the Supreme Court.
Joseph Gray was sentenced to six
months' imprisonment for petty larceny,
he having stolen a lot of clothes valued at
$60. «
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Weekly (fcIULOO per Year
Suit by Rival Railroads.
The suit of the Eureka and Klamath
Bailroad Company vs. the California and
ICorthern Railway Company has been
transferred from the Superior Court of
Humboldt County to the United States
Circuit Court in this city. The action is
to enjoin the defendants from condemning
rart of the complainant's right of way
between Kureka and Arcata.
Ladles' fine kid shoes, worth' JL7S. for 75c
a pair at the Boston Shoe Co., 775 Market*
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Pamiana Bitters
IS A GREAT RESTORATIVE. INVIGOKA-
tor and Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs for. both gex*».
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. Sells on Its own merits.
NABER.. ALFB * BRUNE.- Agents.
;Si lferkat St.. S. F.— <3end for Circular^
Laundry Destroyed by Fire.
The Willows Laundry, on Chenery
street, near Thirtieth, was destroyed by
fire yesterday morning. It was a two
story frame building, owned by Mrs. Mary
Garnaud, and the laundry -business was
conducted by J. Garnaud. The cause of
the fire was an overheated drying-room.
T2CHICAGO
*. v Th!s Is the quickest runnine and most !
luxurious train across the continent.
Connecting Train Leaves San Francisco:
5 P.n.* Monday, Wednesday, Friday and
Saturday, arriving: in Chicago at 2:15
P.n in time to connect with all limited
trains for New York. ¦'./,¦¦
OVERLAND Leaves San Francisco at 5:30
EXPRESS p - m# with Palace an<l Tourist
nAII V cars for Kansas City, St. Lottis,
U^'*- T Chicago and East. • •:
Local trains tetween Stockton. VAI IPV
Fresno, Hanford, V.salia, Tnlare on An *
and Bakersfield. ••« • ROAD
SEE YOU IN San Francisco office. 62S
,TRISCO SOON 1 1 f, a 1 rk ?I s see" ee V p^fo n t Maia
_ - . 1531; Oakland, 1118 Broad-
'Swuci«m»Sw^>-' SUCet J S * a Jooet 7 West
N^ A)/Al / DR. PIERCES
immfr electric
BELT.
sLr^ THIS BELT 13 WAB.
' /j'*» ranted to be the lat«at im-
proved, meat powerful and j a
en r»>fl>««t» **• *>«M no" manuractured ;n any
part <st th« ¦woria. It* equal does not exist. Th«
Galvanometer «bowi itt> tlectrtc current to b*
«ot:bl« tL-at ot any ether. Easily regulated.
I>.'.rably insulated. l<atest Improved attach-
inert!*. Bpectal cotidactors and electrodes.
I>-,uble *ire aurrer.sory for men. It will ctira
ary <ll*«»e« <"> earth that tt is possible to cnr«
»ith electricity, and It cures when other* falL
Buy tw belt till you ¦«• "Dr. I^eree's."
"Booklet No. 2." free at office or cent by mail
for a 2-cent stamp, tells all about It. Address
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.,
020 Market Street.
<Opp. Palace Hotel) EAN FRANCISOa
Eastern omce-Xcv Tork City.
Trousers for Easter Sunday.
Evan Jones and Thomas Moran. two
young men, went into the Emporium on
Friday and asked to be shown the trous
ers department. They said they wanted
to buy a new pair of trousers for Easter
Sunday. While one of. them engaged the
salesman's attention the other appro
priated five pairs of trousers and walked
away, followed by his companion. .They
were arrested before they grot out of the
store. They appeared before Judge Mogan
yesterday and were convicted on the
charge of petty larceny and ordered to
appear for sentence to-morrow.
|§§|p||3 WEAK MEN! I
Hi ll -INSTANT RELIEF... |
li§B- : ~ liPli Greatest of All New I
iftPPii iPillil Medical Discoveries! §
ftair. HalFs Reinviprator I
Stops All Drains In 24 .flours. ©
© .*„ You wlll feel ar * improvement from the first dose. "We have so much con- S
ft .fldence in our Remedy that we offer Five Hundred Reward for any case we Z
O*-* cannot cure of Lost Manhood. Emissions, h Drains in the Urine, Stricture, ; •
Gleet and Varicocele.: which lead to all the horrors of Impotency. It wards •
• off Insanity and Consumption and all other terrible results of Youthful Folly •
0 or excesses. Sent sealed secure from observation. • O
• - $2 PtR^BOTTLE. courpo of 3 BOTTLES. $5. Guaranteed to •
9 CureAnyCaso. Call or address orders - ¦'•¦?#'
• HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE, g
• 855 Broad way,; Oakland, Cal;- '5
Send for free ¦ book. V • For sale also at 107JK Market •treaty Ban Francisco. ! #
The worst that can be said of imagin-
ary troubles is they are always with us.
•Tie.
As shown In the foregoing: H. B. Good
win's 43, 46 and 89 were the best two
rounds of the day, although John Law
son made the second round in 43, but his
first round having been 51, his total for
eighteen holes was 94.
After the match refreshments were
served in the club-house. The match
Just concluded is the last of the sched
uled tournaments for the season between
the Oakland and San Francisco clubs,
although many of the members will con
tinue to play on the links throughout the
summer. . '. . „" . .
California [imited
Santa Fe Route
RAIXROAD TRAVEL.
We are making a specialty of irold crown and
bridge work; the mott beautiful, painless and
durable cf all dental work known to the pro-
fession. Our name alone will be a guarantee
that your work will be of the best. We have a
rpeclalist in rnch department. Best operators
best cold workmen and extractors of teeth; In
lact. all the staff are inventors of modern den-
tietry. We will tell you in advance exactly
what your work will coFt by free examination
Give uj a call tnd you will find we do exactly
as w« advertUe.
New York Dental Parlors,
HISTORY DUILDINO, 723 MARKET ST.
CPortland Office — Fourth and Morrlscn streets.)
Hours: E to S; Sundays 10 to 4.
To Look After "Scorchers."
In accordance with his previously ex
pressed intention. Chief Sullivan yester
day detailed Policemen Joseph "W. Ahem
and Charles Blrdsall for duty in the park
to-day to look after "scorchers." They
wlll be provided with bicycles by the Park
Commissioners. Blrdsall Is one of the
speediest amateurs on the coast.
COAST IMTISIOS (Broad (<an|re).
(Third and Townaoml Sfct.)
j vise 08. JORDAN'S great 6
iIOSEUH OF AHATOMYf
\ . Cf The Lareest Anatomical Museum in the \
ff ir-igflTji World. Weaknesses or any contracted A
ii KGSjW disease pe»IU»»ly «¦!••* by the oldest T
® fIK?J@B t P etJlliitru thcCc *»t» t - Esuj«year» £
0 fIS£?S DR. JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES 4
\ B&8$&M Con«ultation frr<j and strictly private. .
A U I»atn Tr» iiment personally or by letter. Ai !
\S If Tl H * I**"w1 ** " w Cure in every case undertaken. '
a¥l 1<& w rite for Book. PHII.OIOruYfI; |
w• (J 11 nl ntnniAGE, mailed fres. (a\
X Ji - /I, ' valuable book for men) . ' ,
" OR. JOBDAN & CO.. 1051 Market Ht., B. F. I
n Tli % "> II T>i T> Tfi TTi ~% T[t % %J )
By Order of Consignee.
The Standard Shoe Company has been
directed to make a clear settlement of all
goods which were affected by the railway
collision by May 5. Beginning to-morrow
(Monday) they will place on sale 3000 pairs
ladies' fine kid shoes, in good condition
for 90 cents a pair; 1500 pairs same
(slightly damaged),, at 60 cents; worth
from $2 50 to $4 a pair. They will also
sell 900 pairs men's French calf shoes
(worth fc) for $1 60 a pair. Speculators
and dealers will find this to their advan
tage. 1029 Market street, between Sixth
and Seventh. . •
No More Dread of
the Dental Chair.
TFFTH "«"r>Jch will you have, the
* *- E - * ¦¦• comforts cf good teeth, or
ttf wretched misery, suffering and terrible
rangs of toothache and broken-down constitu-
tion, caused by polluted breath from decayed
te*th. And yet many Mrupßle on through life
and allow their teeth to cet in this most de-
plorable condition without seeking the proper
rourc* to have their teeth restored to their
natural condition.
There is a certain per cent of those who
are co afflicted who have no other reason ex-
cept puttiac off coins to the dentist until too
Jate.
Teeth extracted and filled absolutely without
rein by our late scientific methods. No e'eep-
prrxiuclrjp agents or oryalne. These are the only
Dental Parlors in San Francisco that have the
patent appliances and ingredients to extract,
fill and apply *roM crowns and porcelain
crowns, undetectable from natural teeth and
warranted for ten years, without the lea<t par-
ticle of pain. Gold crowns and teeth without
plat«>s. erold filling* and all other dental work
<ione painlesfiy and by EpecialiEts.
Cold Crowns, 85; Full Set Teeth,
$5; Bridgework. 85; Gold FIJI-
Ings, 61 up; Silver Fillings, 50c.
RACING AT AQUEDUCT.
NEW YORK, Aprill4.— The racing sea
son in the Metropolitan district will open
on Monday next at Aqueduct track and
from the list of entries for the tirst day
there is promise of good sport. In near
ly every event the number of entries al
lowed by the width of the track has been
more than reached. The stables at the
track are full of horses and many have
had to seek accommodations on the out
side.
The chief event on the opening day will
be the Carter handicap, in which some
really good horses' of the all-age division
are engaged, and- as the seven furlong
track is in good condition a fine contest
may be expected. The other events have
filled well and there is a fine lot of two
year-olds waiting to make their debut.
After two weeks at the Aqueduct track
the horses will begin at Morris Park.
F. W. BRODE'S GREAT RUN.
MEMPHIS, Term.. April It.— The third
race at Montgomery Park to-day brought
out five Tennessee Derby candidates in a
1 ace at a miie and a sixteenth. P. Tom-
Jinson's The Conqueror was made a red
hot favorite at i to 5, while F. W. Brcde
and the Cahn entry. Thrive ,and Glen
Lake, were next in demand at a to 2 and
3 to 1 respectively. Thrive made the pace
until the last sixteenth pole was reached,
where F. W. Brode came. away and won
easily by a length. Thrive beat The Con
queror a neck for the place. On account
of Brode's easy win to-day J. F. Schorr
decided to start him in the Tennessee
Derby' on Monday next. The track was
fast. Results:
Six furlongs. Belling— Clara. Wooley won.
Galloway second, Castine third. Time, 1:16%.
Four furlongs, purse— Slnfl won, Golden Har
vest second. Fancy Wood third. Time, :«V4.
One mile and a sixteenth, purse— F. W.
Erode won. Thrive second. The Conqueror
third. Time, 1:49.
. Seven furlongs, Tennessee Brewing Com
pany's stake, selling;— Trladitza won, The
Pride second. Bell of Memphis third. Time,
1:27%.
One mile, pelllng— High Jinks won, Chopin
second. Our Nellie third. Time, 1:43.
Six furlongs, selling— Dr. Walmsley won.
Maggie Davis second, Sidbow third. Time,
1:15V4- ¦ " : ¦:.¦¦-' :: -- r 'V
WASHINGTON. April 14.— The second
Bennings spring handicap was the event
of this the closing day of the spring races
at the Bennings course. The race was
won by Charentus, which was the secono.
choice. The great mare Imp was heavily
backed at even money, while Boney Boy
was also in demand. The race was beau
tifully contested to the stretch, Boney
Boy and Imp making the pace alternately,
head and head apart. The jockeys on this
pair, however, rode their mounts out.
while Clawson on Charentus, who rode a
waiting race, came up at the stretch turn
and made the pace from there to the wire,
winning by five open lengths, with Boney
Boy second, a head in front of. the favor
ite, while Lexington Pirate was but a
half length away. The attendance was
the largest that ever congregated at Ben
nings. Results:
Five furlongs— l^ady Lindsey won, Speedmas
second. Sir Christopher third. Time, 1:(M 1-5. .
Hurdle handicap, mile and a half, over, six
hurdles— Governor Grlggs won. Cousin Jess
second, McFonso third. Time. 2:53.
Steeplechase for hunters, about two and • a
half miles— Young Exile won, Higbie second,
St. Samuel third. Time, 5:25 2-u.
Handicap, steeplechase about two and a half
miles— B*stor won, Baby Bill second. Kaiser
third. Time. 6:19.
Second spring handicap, $1000 added, seven
furlongs— Charentus won, Boney Boy second.
Imp third. Time. 1:31.
Seven furlongs. T. Jefferson won, Kimmage
second, Charles Moore third. Time, 1:32^4.
NOCTIIF.It> Mt'lVIC 40.1|J I «M,
IrAciric iikhl]
Trains ¦*¦»*«• »¦••! nr* «lv«- to mrrlve »•.
5.4.N I'KIM'IMCO.
(Main Line. Foot of Market Street.)
EAH.ROAD TBAVEL.
EATLP.OAD TRAVEL.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN KAFAEL.
¦WEEK DAYS— 7:3O. 9:00. 11:00 a. m.: 12:35,
3:30. 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 d. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. m-
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 9:30, 11:00 a, m.; 1:30, 3:30,
5:00, 6:20 r>. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— «:IO, 7:50. 9:20, 11:10 a. m. ; 12:45.
3:40, 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:65 and 6:35 o. m.
SUNDAYS— 3:IO, 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 8:40,
5:05, 6:25 r>. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetien Park
same schedule as above.
SAN FRANCISCO
GOLF TEAM WINS
INTERCLUB CUP
City Players Beat Visitors
From Across the Bay
Handsomely.
Fair Green on the Presidio Course
Covered With Strong, Springy
Turf and in Ideal Condi
tion for Golfing.
The second half of the second home
and-home tournament over thirty-six
holes, match play, took place yesterday
afternoon on the Presidio links between
teams representing the San Francisco and
Oakland golf clubs. The result was a
victory for the city players, 24 up, or,
adding the 7 holes*to their credit on the
Oakland links on the 7th insL, 31 up.
The San Francisco team won the first
match, 32 up, so their total score for the
two matches Is G3 up. The trophy offered
for the event thus becomes one of the
permanent adornments of the living
room of the San Francisco Golf Club
house. A bright sun lighted up the Pre
sidio course, the fair green of which was
In perfect condition. Much of the credit
for this Is due to the efforts of Messrs.
J. W. Byrne> and L. O. Kellogg, who have
devoted both time and pains to supervis
ing the work of putting the course into
good order. Throughout «..ie fair green
the turf Is close and strong, so that the
lies are excellent. The whole course at
the Presidio has been much Improved,
and the putting-greens are In excellent
condition. Only one Oaklander scored
against his San Francisco opponent — P.
S. Stratton, who was 1 up against H. D.
Pillsbury. For San Francisco Captain H.
B. Goodwin was 9 up, R. H. Gaylord 7
up and J. Laweon 4 up. R. M. Fitzger
ald of Oakland and E. J. McCutchen of
San Francisco tied. The medal play
scores of ~oth rounds and the number
of holes won are shown in the table:
OAKLAND
REV. PAUL WELLER.
In answer to a personal letter from an
intimate friend, asking if it was true that
he (Rev. Weller) had become a firm be-
liever in Personal Magnetism and Hyp-
notism, Rev. Weller wrote:
"The facts are: The subject of Personal Mac-
netJam or Hypnotism, to which I have devoted
many years of study, was recently more forci-
bly than ever called to ray attention through
reading a scientific work on the subject, now
being- circulated by the New York Institute of
Cclence of Rochester. JC. Y.
"'I am a minister of the jrospel. but I do not
iK-sKate to say that r!ie reading of that book
«in<3 the FubP^quent Ftudy of Its contents have
¦worked an all-i«iwerful. important and Rood
Influence over rae. My recommendation of
rersonal Ma£T:etii=m. a subject which every
man arid woman may Ftudy with profit, is
made after thorough investigation and with
complete knowledge of itf great value. I
make this sraipnient deliberately. The study
of Personal Mosnetism. as set forth in the ad-
mirable bor.k I have mentioned above, should
be next to th» study of the Holy Bible.
"Personal Magnetism embodies all the laws
povc-rr.ing man* influence over man. It I? th«
power that makes men mould the minds of
men. It turns life's failures into successes
It makes y"u nobler, rarer p.nd better. It de-
velops the latent jxysrers of the will and makes
me capable cf th» accomplishment of great
<3ei*is. I have received many letters on the
pubject an<l to all writers I have answered-
\» rite to the New York Institute of Science
Korhesler N. V.. sskinc for their scientific
work on Personal Marnetism and Hypnotism.
It win be rent to you free of rharre. If its per-
ufsl dw*at raurh for you a* it did for me. you
will thank me the longest day you live, for hav-
ing called your attention to the book ' Tours
lru! >'. (HEY.) "PAUL WELLER "
It will only be necessary for you to
send your request to the New York In-
stitute of Science, Dept. 517 N. Roches-
ter, X. V., and you will receive the vol-
ume Rev. Paul Weller recommends, by
return mail. IT IS FREE. A postal
card will bring it.
ADVEETISEMENTS.
REPUBLICAN
STATE CONVENTION.
In accordance with the directions of the RE-
PUBLICAN NATIONAL COMMITTEE that
delegated representatives of the "Republican
Party from the several States assemble In Na-
tional Convention in " the city of Philadelphia.
State of Pennsylvania, en TUESDAY, the 19th
day of June. .A. D. 1900, at 12 o'clock noon,
for t the purpose of nominating candidates for
the office of President • and Vice , President of
the United States, and for such other. business
as may. be brought before «ald convention: and
In accordance with ' the instructions given by
said National -Committee, directing that the
Congressional District delegates shall be chosen
at a convention called by the Congressional
Committee of each paid district. - in the same
manner as the nomination of a Representative
in Congress is made in said district; therefore,
be it - ' /
Resolved, By the REPUBLICAN STATE
CENTRAL COMMITTEE OF • CALIFORNIA,
representing the Republican Party of said
State, Ahat the Congressional -Committees of
the several Congressional Districts of the State
of California are hereby advised and requested
to call Congressional Conventions of their Con-
gressional Districts, to be held as hereinafter
provided, at which two delegates shall be
chosen to represent each of «uch districts in
the NATIONAL /REPUBLICAN CONVEN-
TION, to be held as aforesaid, and for the-
selection of two alternate delegates, to act In
case of the absence of the delegates first chosen.
The selection of ! the delegates*" of the Con-
gressional Convention shall be under the direc-
tion of the Congressional Committee of each
district, in accordance with the call of the
National Committee.
Provided, That the basis of representation
to said Congressional Conventions Fhall be as
follows, to wit: One deles-ate for each Assem-
bly District within the Congressional District:
provided, that where any Assembly District
embraces more than one county, there. shall be
cne delegate for each county and fractional
part of a county in such Assembly District,
and one delegate for each 300 votes cast for
Henry T. Gage, Republican candidate for Gov-
ernor In 1898. and one delegate for each frac-
tion of 150 vote? or ov?r.
H is further directed that the delegates
chosen to the Congressional Conventions shall
meet' In State Convention at the city of Sacra-
mento, on TUESDAY, the 15th day of May,
1900, at 2 o'clock p. m.. to select four deiegates-
at-large to the NATIONAL REPUBLICAN
CONVENTION above mentioned, and four al-
ternate delegates, to act in case the delegates
selected be absent, for the election of a State
Central Committee, and for the transaction of
such further business as may be brought be-
fore the said State Convention.
It is further directed that where primary
flections are held the test for voters shall be:
"I believe In Republican principles and in-
dorse the Republican policy and the admin-
istration of President McKinley, and Intend
to support the nominees of the Republican
Party at the ensuing election."
It Is further directed that contests must be
filed with . the Secretary of the Congressional
Committee in writing, with a full statement
of the grounds of the contest, five days pre-
ceding the meeting: of the State convention.
All matters relating to such contest before the
Congressional Committee, with said Commit-
tee's determination therein, must be transmit-
ted to the Secretary of the State Central Com-
mittee at Sacramento, before noon of the 14th
day of May. 1900.
Adopted by the REPUBLICAN STATE CEN-
TRAL COMMITTEE at San Francisco. April
6 1900. E. C. HART. Secretary.
Smuggled Cigars Seized.
Customs searchers yesterday seized 5000
smuggled cigars on the transport West
minster.
.. Everybody likes nicely framed pictures
and everybody can have them nicely
framed if they will let us do the framing
New moldings cominff in all the time, faan-
born. Vail & Co. 741 Market street. •
YANKEE RIDERS
THRICE FINISH
IN THE LEAD
Sloan Rides' Two Winners
and Martin One at Alex
andria Park.
In the Race for the London Cup
Horses Piloted by American
Jockeys Bun One-Two-
Three.
LONDON, April 14.— At Alexandria Park
to-day Tod Sloan and "Skeets" Martin
were well to the front. The first race,
the Palace selling plate, resulted in a vic
tory for Flaw, ridden by Sloan. Second
place went to Maurice, with Martin up.
and Boutsworth finished third, in a field
of eight. " "•
In the third event, the County handicap,
Sloan rode the winner, Lauruguaya. and
Martin guided the second horse, Master
Willie. Suppliant finished third. There
were eleven norses.
The big event of the day, the London
cup, was taken by Downham, ridden by
W. 11. Martin. Luckford. with L. Reiff In
the saddle, was second, and Sheet Anchor,
with Sloan up, was third. Eleven horses
ran.
SHOOT COURSES
AND SLOW HARES
AT INGLESIDE
Favorites Ran Well, But
Few Short Ends Getting
the Flag.
The Card for To-Day Is Made Up of
Even /Matches and Should
Furnish Interesting
Coursing.
Remus, Hoot Mon, Tipple Tyler and
Marian, new dogs, had their "first time
out" yesterday at Ingleslde Coursing
Park in the run-down of the open stake,
and the latter three were beateifout,
while Remus won his course from Juliet.
Still, like the others, he Is outclassed in
the company of stake winners.
The first three courses on the card were
captured by the ehort-enders. High Born
Lady sold at 1 to 2»4, and after an unde
cided at even money beat Commodore
J\ash on a good hare, one of the few
turned loose, with a score of 6-3.
To-day's programme is made up of fair
ly even courses. Rona ran well yester-.
day, and her chances to-day are good.
Little Fullerton and Palmflower showed
in good form and their course should be
an interesting one in the first tie. After
two undecided runs Flyaway beat Mod
esty out, but against Elevenspot her
chances are not bright. Snapshot and
Rocker were both good. Rocker will run
with Mose to-day, and is against a hard
one in the imported dog. From the posi
tion on the card the winner of that
course stands a. good show to get into
the final. An eight-dog champion stake
is also on the day's programme: Follow
ing are the day's results, with Judge P.
J. Reilly's official scores:
Open stake— D. E. Wiley's Hlph Born Lady
beat Joe Perry's Commodore Xash, 6-3; J. Mc-
Enroe's Admiral Sampson beat J. L. Ross' J
Ij. R.. 6-4: J. Potter's Remus beat J. Caveney's
Juliet. 9-7; H. H. Gray's Rona beat J. Farley's
Morse Patrol, 3-2: C. B. Charlesworth's Craw
ford Braes beat Kay Bros.' Dudley Diamond
6-3; D. J. Hcaley's Maggie N beat A. John
son's Lowlander. 4-3; J. H. Smith's Victor
Queen beat James Byrnes' Battleship, 4-3; D.
J. Healy's Lady Claire beat P. Horgan's
Lucretia Borgia, 8-6; Lowe & Thompson's
Little Fullerton beat E. M. Kellogg" s lowa
Maid, 6-4; Russell. Allen & Wilson's Palm
flower beat J. McNeil's Black Hawk, 3-2; H.
A. Deckelman's Flyaway beat D. Dillon's
Modesty, 5-3; J. Byrnes' Eleven Spot beat R.
E. de B. Lopez & Son's Sweetness, 7-2: Con
r.ell Bro!>.' Mamie Pleasant beat J. R. Smith's
Victor, 5-1: J. Edmond's Go On beat J. R.
Smith's Master Davenport. 8-4; P. Horgan's
Manilla beat J. M. Still well's Oliver, 6-1; J.
Byrnes' Olympus beat H. A. Deekelman's
Snapshot, 5-2; J. Holden's Scottish Chief beat
J. L. Ross" Hoot Mon. 6-0; Bartels Bros.' Beer
Brewer beat D. K. Carter's Tipple Tyler, 10-0;
J. Stlllwell's Fern beat Y>. K. Carter's Marian
3-2; Russell, Allen & Wilson's Belle Claire beat
J. M. Still well" s Esmeralda, 5-4; Bartel Bro6 '
Baron Blood beat R. E. de B. Lopez & Son's
Dairy Maid, 5-0: J. Moneys Silent Treasure
beat James Dean's Brilliantlne, 6-3; b J
Healey's Granada beat D. Shannon's Safe
guard, 6-1; J. R. Smith's Petronius beat Con
nell Bros.' Happy Thought, 4-3; H. A. Deckel
man's Rocker beat J. McEnroe's Lady Trilby
6-0; R. L. Taylor's Mcse beat J. H. W. Mul
ler's Mocorita, 4-0; V. Toland's Pleasant Girl
beat R. E. de B. I/opez & Son's Minnewawa,
5-2; J. Anthony's Patriot beat C. B. Charles
worth's Crawford Lass, 4-0; E. M. Kellogg's
Sweet Emma beat Lande & Oerber's Concord,
3-2; Lowe & Thompson's Bagpipe beat E. M.
Kellogg's Hummer, 7-6; J. McEnroe's Nor'
west beat E. M. Kellocg"s Lady Gllmore. 3-2:
E. M. Kellogg's Ben's Babe beat Kay Bros.'
Ada, 8-3.
PERMANENT CUBES FOR MEN
We have made our reputation by curing the most aggra-
vated and chronic case 3 of lost manhood, varicocele, private
diseases, blood poison, rupture, kidney and bladder troubles,
etc.
If we could not cure, these ailments quickly and perma-
nently we could not afford to wait for pay until our patients are
well.
Any one doubting our ability and wishing to test
our methods, remedies and appliances, may deposit the
price of a cure in any bank in San Francisco. If a
cure is not effected in a reasonable -time the bank will re-
turn the money.
Payments may be made in monthly installments if pre-
ferred.
We have been established 19 years. All members of our
staff are specialists — physicians who have spent many years in
curing diseases and weakness of men.
Our institution is the largest and best equipped and our
practice the most extensive in America.
We never use anything of a dangerous nature, such as
electric belts, mercury or other injurious medicines.
We do not charge our patients for medicines or ap-
pliances. Other doctors charge an additional fee for
medicines, etc., or send their patients to high-priced
drugstores. All our remedies are prepared in our own
private laboratory.
Our home cure system is marvelously successful. If you
cannot visit San Francisco write us in confidence and we will
send you, sealed, by mail, a booklet which contains a treatise on
all diseases and weakness of men, and a great deal of other val-
uable information of a private nature for men, old or young,
sick or well, married or single.
CONSULTATION AND ADVICE FREE AT OFFICE OR BY MAIL
1 MorVof QtrOOf ELEVATOR Hours-8 to 5 daily.
J<\ mdr&ttl OLietJl, FVTRANr p ETcnfn K s-7toB.
SAN FRANCISCO. tfllKAfltt. Sundays-^ to 1 1.
COMPOUNDERS OF
DRUGS LICENSED
BY STATE BOARD
Over Thirty Pharmacists
Get Leave to Practice
in California.
*'• . '
Two-Thirds of Number Will Come to
Coast From Colleges in the East
From Which They Have
Diplomas.
The State Board of Pharmacy Increased
the supply of pharmacists in the State
yesterday by granting over thirty certifi
cates, among the lucky ones being: J. J.
Joestin. O. H. J. Schlott. O. F. Krebs. H.
Lapldalre, W. C. Hannum and P. H.
Fletcher. The first two are residents of
San Francisco, Krebs comes from San
Luis Obispo. Fletcher is from Sacra
mento and Hannum from Woodland. The
following, all of whom were on the list
concerning which there has been gossip
In connection with the sale of examina
tion papers, were registered assistants:
C. J. Ball, S. H. Robbins, A. E. Haigh and
F. C. Inglesby of San Francisco and O. F.
Frey of Oakland. A licentiate certificate
was also granted to Thomas Y. Tallman
of Sacramento. Certificates were also
granted to a long list of non-residents
holding diplomas issued by various col
leges in the United States and Canada,
who expect to come to California.
The board received a letter from As
sistant Attorney General Sturtevant set
ting forth that the board had no power
to hold an investigation concerning the
alleged sale of examination papers, and
that the only power to investigate was in
the courts and the Grand Jury. Before
this letter was read Secretary Waller of
fered a resolution that the president shall
at least thirty days before each quarterly
meeting appoint and designate the par
ticular member of the board who is to
have charge of the examinations on each
subject, the secretary of the board not to
be fo appointed or designated. This was
adopted. It was also voted that the pres
ident of the board should communicate
with the District Attorney of the city and
county to investigate the alleged sale of
questions to be used in the examinations,
and also to investigate any other irregu
larities in the oxaminations and registra- "
tion of pharmacists and assistant phar
macists. President Searby said that he
would address the District Attorney Mon
day.
iVOP ANGELES. April 14.— Governor
Gape has been informally requested to in
vestigate the scandal in the State Board
of Pharmacy, and h* intends to accom
modate those who have askpd him to in
quire into the matter. The Governor said
to-day that he will trace up the scandal
as soon as he roaches the matter in* the
regular -course of official business.
THE SAN /FRANCISCO' CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 15, 1900.
DEATH SUMMONS A
WELL-KNOWN PHYSICIAN
|j=^B. JOSEPH' PESCIA, the well
-jj known physician, died yesterday
iLs^it his home, 2006 Washington street,
ifter an Illness of less than a week's
durations He had served the city as a
member of the Board of Supervisors and
In both his public career and private life
enjoyed an unblemished reputation. In
this community there are few men who
were held in higher esteem than the de
ceased. vV-Vf 7 :'
Dr. Pescla was born in Italy, but came
to this city when he was but 3 years old
and for more than forty years has been
closely Identified with its advancement.
When he was a young man he began the
study of medicine here, which he supple
mented by a course in the University of
Florence, Italy. Upon his return to San
Francisco he built up a- large practice.
He married a daughter of Myles D.
Sweeney, one of the founders, of the Hi
bernia Bank. He left no children.
Dr. Pescla was twice honored by the
voters of this city by election as a mem
ber of the Board of Supervisors and at
one time served as Consul General for
Italy.
He enjoyed excellent health until he
was attacked by pneumonia, from which
he died. T;he funeral will take place to
morrow from St. IgnatiusXChurch. The
remains will be interred in 'Holy Cross
Cemetery. .
I.i ii/p'ii ; mi ¦ii
Ijpgve I In Kffect. I Arrive
San Francisco. (Apr. 15. ISOO-I San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I \ I Fun- 1 Week
Days. [ days, f Destination.! days. | Days.^
":30 am 8:00 sm Xovato. IOMO am! 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. 6:05 pm 1 10:23 am
6:li) pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm! 6:CO pm
Fulton.
7:30 am Windsor. 10:25 am
Healdaburg.
Lytton.
Geyservllle. '
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:13 pm fi:2o pm
7:30 ami I Hopland I [10:25 am
3:30 pm| 8:00 ami and Ukiah. I 7:35 pm! 8:20 pm
7:30 am 10:25 am
S:00 am Guerneville. 7:35 pm
3 :30 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am S:00 ami Sonoma 9:15 am 8:40 am
I and
5:10 pm 5:00 pmf Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 ami 8:M am] 110:40 amjlO:2s am
3:30 pm! S:CO pm| Sebastcpol. | 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
LSAVK — Feou APRIL 15. ISOO. — ARHITZ
•7:OOa B?nida, Siiuun. Elmir». VacaTilla.
Rumsey and ,itcraiueu» *7:ISp
*7:0Oa Shista Ez\>ieim — Daris. Willows,
Re.l Bluff, Portland TrlSp
*7:3nA Martinez, bau Uai»oii, VaHejo. Nap*.
L'alintcpi ami Sarica Uusa *Osll>p
*9:30 a The Oferland Limited— -Ogdeo. Den-
' rer. Oaiaba. Chicago *3:13p
¦SiSUa Sau Jnse. Lifenucre, Stockton.
lone. Sacrameuto. Plac-rville,
Marystille. Cbieo, Keii lilnff HllOl
•Hi:iOa 'Milton. Oak dale. Sonor*. Carters... *4:1.1p
•»:o«>a Hayworils. Nilrs and Way Stations. *l 1:1 >»
•'J:«o a DavU, Woodland. Kaia jt* LandiDtf,
Mary«»ille, Orntil.'e. »7:fftp
•!»:flf»t Atlantic X i press— Ogdsn and East *Wi-13a
•!»:lIO\ Martinez, Tracy. f.»turi»p, titockloii,
Mrrce.land Kreano. •12:I.-»p
*WiOWa Port Costa. Kreimt. MojaTa and ] .>•
Anaelc* , *»:*r. p
* I <»:«<>* Vnlic-ju. Mutluez anil Way Stations *tt: l-">i-
•ll:«Wa Nil-*. l.i«*rui..ri\ Stockton, Haera-
mrnto. Meaduta. llaufotd. ViialU.
Pcrter»ille M:l.lp
•I 2:OOm Ilaywardß, Ni!es and Way SUUcna. •«**3»
fl:W»p Hanaiuontu l!l»er Bte*m«m fMiOiif
•:;:«n>p Haywarda. Miles and Way atatlons. 'JilJ?
•»;«op MmrliifT, Man lUnton, Vallejo.
Niil *. Calittogn, H»ut t Uo«» •Uil.'i.
•l.oor lJenicia. Vaca«llie. Bacrameuto.
Wo<xl!and. KnlehU Landiof.
Mary»»ille. Oro»lll<» •1«:43a
MsSOpNlles. Han Jobs aud Stockton *7il3p
•3:VVrThe Owl Limited— Tracy, Frecno.
lUkersticld. ruiujn* for bauta liar-
luiri Los Angeles. •|O:I,1*
- »s::top Stuck ton. Mi-rceil. Fresno •ia»l.*»?
•3:Uwr Fnwiio.lli»kenli«ia. SauU Rarbara.
Jam Angeles, Pemiug. Xl I'iM,
Maw Orleans and Kaat ••i4.la
•3i3ap NanU In Unute— Atiautlo Eiprtts
for M<.Ja?« and Rut *«:-«lp
¦G:«Op Haywanls, Miles aud Uta Joss *7t4A a
4«:S(0r Vallejo M3il.lp
•«:3Or Oriental Mail— Ogden, Cheyenna,
¦ Omaha. Chic*zo *9i43a
•6:30p Oriental Mail— Ogden. Center.
Omaha, Chicago. *4il3r
?TiOOp Tallejo, Part CosU and Way Bta-
Uoua Joi33p
•St«3r Orexonand California Kxt>re*a.Ha«.
miiriitn. Maryifille. Ic»<I<lln(,
I'mrtUml. l'ii|(nt M..i,,,.l anil Kask ••li.iA
J7: 13a Santa Cruz Excursion for Santa
Cruz and Principal Way Stations tSiO3r
•S:l3a Newark. C'enter»lll«-. Han .lose, Fel too,
BoulderCrmk.Sauta Crux aud Way
Stations •o<3o r
fStlSp Newark. Centerville. Ban. low. Now
Almadeo, Fslton. Honliler Crook.
Santa Cruz and Prlucipal Way
SUtlonii tlrts.to^
M:l»r Newark, Man .Irme, IxtsGatoa •9i.i«>a
q4;lspGlenwood. Feiton. Santa Cruz ««is»a
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altruna: at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at
Oeyservllle for Skaggs Springs : at Cloverdale
for the Oeypprs: at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs. Kelseyville. Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs. Upp^r Lake. Porno, Potter Valley,
John Day's, Riverside, Llerley's, Bucknell's.
Sanhedrin Heights, Hullvllle. Orr's Hot
Springs. Mendoclno City, Fort Bragg. West-
port. Usal. Willlts, Laytonvllle. Cummins.
Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer.. Scotia
and Kureka.
Saturday to Monday round trio tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sunday round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket offices. 600 Market St.. Chronic!* bldg.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
General Manager. < Gen. Pass. Agent.
CREEK ROUTE FERRY. /
rromSn rUKdSCO— fwt »! H>rktt Sln.uii* »>—
•7:15 »:0O 11:00 a.m. 11:03 '2:03 J3:»
•1:03 tS:S3 •B::3r.i».
frtmOmilD— ?,,\.*!9fim,*.— 'U.oQ 8:00 10:00 t.M.
tl2:00 *I:03 t2:S3 ;3:C3; 3:C3 I«:g3 'B:S3r.il.
• lOi lOa Ocean Viow, South *ian Frsnciseo.. t«<3or
. t?:OI»A Kmi Jos« hihl tt.iy Stations (N«V
Alumd-M We<liie«Ujsu»)7). *l>SOr
17:30 a Sunday Excursion frl San Joaa,
bmu Cruz, Fadflc Gn>»« and
Principal Way riUUoru t§i33»
•9:00* Han Jose. Trm l'li««. H»«U Cm*,
l'acilio Uri)»e. J"a««> K»ble«. San
Liils OMnpo. Surf, Lompoc and
Principal Way HUlUnw MtlO*
*lOi4Oa San .loss aixJ Way Htailous. ¦••S3*
•IliSO* ami.) erne Lo»Gatos«"J WayrtUHona # 3i3O*
fJt ISr San Matr.i. UedxxxJ. Menlo Park.
Palo Alto. Sant» Clara, Han J«mw.
Tres Plnoa. *»»t» Crux. Salinas.
Monterey ami I'aeirtc C.r<v»« flOiail*
fS.SOr flan .lo«« an.* Way Htatlnna ....... *^3'»r
tl:l!*r Bar.Jo»oa»«t Principal Way Statlmn •3:«3»
tSillttpiin Je»«. Los fiatos and Principal
Way Station* <9:O»\
•¦•»:3«r San Joae »"'l Principal Way Sutioii* ?*:.1.T.»
•(i:.tf»r San Jos; »>¦•) Way Statinus t*:«O A
Hl:ir.r San Joiwa'i'l Way St»t,i..i:» »7:3i>p
A fur Moriiiu*. J' '"' Afterii.io...
•Dai'r t Xninlay eteepted. I Sunday unly.
• SatanUjr "uly.
a Sitnriay and Sum-ay. c-funtUr and Monday.
MOU^r TA/AALPtfli SCENIC IvfUt-WAf
wiTliv^ 11 » r " DC "> c "£» aausallto *>rry.
Swara-heated. clo»*U car on "l train? ""
SAN FRANCISCO.
24
LATE DR. JOSEPH PESCIA.
I First Sec'nd
PLAYERS. Round Round Holes.
John Ijitfpon SI 43 4
R. L. Abbot Jr 43 t 55 2
H. B. Goodwin 43 * 46 9
H. D. Ptllsbury 52. 66 0
J. TV. Byrne 47 62 1
K. J. McCatchen 53 54 •
It. H. Gaylord 43 61 7
C. Pape D 4 66 1
¦ | — — —
Total hole* | j j 23
i First | Sec'ndj
PLATERS. Round Round! Holes.
E.
C.
w.
F.
J. <
H.
o.
H.
R. Folffer 49 49 0
P. Hubbard.... 61 52 0
. P. Johnson 68 53 0
S. Stratton 53 62 1
C. McKee 6« 43 0
ML Fitzgerald 52 68 •
P. Greenwood..... 59 62 0
. E. Knowles 58 49 0
— —
_ -.' . . :
Total holes i I 1*If you are thinking of getting a new
trunk don't think of getting it at anyplace
other than our trunk department.* Our
line of trunks is most complete and our
prices the lowest in town. As for valises
and handbags we are now showing a new
Etoek in Oxford, Gladstone and Club sizes
In alligator, morocco and other leathers at
very reasonable prices. Sanborn, Vail &
Co., 7U Market street. •
Academy of Sciences Meeting.
The regular meeting of the member* of
the California Academy of Sciences will
be held Monday evening. Members are
urgently requested, to be present at thb
election, that there may be a quorum to
elect five candidates for membership Jo
seph Grlnneli will jrive a general talk on
"Birds of the Arctic In Midwinter. 1 *
Pick a \vcl!-fsd man, ask
him if he uses
Grape-Nuts
Food.
Sturdy, Rosy Health
come* ipom
Good Food,
not from medicines. V'
¦
Grapc-NuU food is sold by all
grocers, is ready cooked, puie,
delicious and the highest known
form of human nourishment.
Made at the pure food factories
of the Postum Cereal Co.. Ltd.,
at Battle Creek, Mich.
Music in the Park.
The following programme will be , rendered
by the band in Golden Gate Park to-day:
March. "Entree de Procession" Batiste
Overture. "Jean d'Arc" Verdi
Selection "Maritana" i Wallace
"Celebrated Largo" ; . ...Handel
Themes from the "Martyrs ...........Donizetti
Overtures from Rossini s "Stabat Mater ..
. _ *. Mercadante
Serenade 1 '
Solo for horn by E. Schlott; flute obll
gato, A. Lombardo.
Ml«<rere and Tower Scene from "II Trovo
tore " Verdi
Cornet William Forner; barytone, Wal
ter H. Colverd.
Fantasia on'the National Songs of the Civ
ilized Nations of the Earth ?...Sousa
Scavengers Arrested.
Frank Figoni, Louis Figonl and Louis
ITlrrucir.il, scavengers, appeared before
Judge Cabanis* yesterday on a charge of
violating the rectnt ordinance which pro
hibits refuse being carted away from nsh
markets between the hours of » a. m. and
5 p. m. The Figonis pleaded that they
did r.ot know that such an ordinance was
In existence. *nd the Judge dismissed
th^ir caf» after warning them that any
violation of the ordinance would in future
be tcverely punished.
SCHOOL FUNDS SHORT.
Unpleasant Predicament cf Woodland
Board of Education.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WOODLAND. April 14.— The City Board
of Education Is confronted with a seriotia
problem. The hleh school funds will b«
exhausted about May 11 and thera will ba
no more money available until next De
cember. This is due to a misunderstand
ing of the City Trustees a3 to the amount
necessary to be rajsed by taxation.
The tax levy was fixed too low, and
when the error was discovered the Supe
rior Court decided that as the tax levy
can only be fixed on a certain day. tha
error couM not be corrected. The Trus
tees are willing to provide In the next tax
levy far any deficiency, but the -Board of
Education is not satisfied it will not ba
personally responsible for all warrants
signed by it when there will be no money
to meet such warrants until another tax
levy is made and collected. An earnest
effort will be made to devise some means
of obviating the close of the High School
from May until December.
Onstott Residence Destroyed.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MARTSVILLE. April 11.— The hand3ora»
residence of John P. Onstott, a prominent
Sutter County orchardist. three miles
west of this city, waa destroyed by fire
to-day. The cause was a defective Cue.
Loss $3000; Insurance SIOOO.
Banquet to Professor Moses.
Bernard Moses, member of the Philip
pine Commission, was tendered a banquet
last night at the Merchants' Club by the
Academic Council' of the University of
California. Among the speakers were:
Dean C. Worcester, Judge H. C. Ide and
Benjamin Ide Wheeler. Professor Joseph
Le Conte acted as toastmaster.
Used a Club on His Bartender.
James Flaherty, a saloon-keeper at
Fourth and Stevenson streets, was arrest
ed last night and charged at the City
Prison with assault to commit murder.
Flaherty got Into an altercation with Bar
ney McHugh. his bartender, and beat him
on the head with a heavy club. Mc-
Hugh was taken to the City Receiving
Hospital, where It was found that he was
suffering from a badly lacerated scalp and
a probable fracture of the skull.
der the direction of the organist. Miss M.
Rodgers. will render Mercadante's "Mass In B
Flat."
Sopranos. Misses Cunningham and Caroll:
tenor. George Ollva; contraltos. Misses Sulli
van, Stevens. Walsh and Mrs. Catio.
Episcopal.
y-WHURCH OF THE ADVENT—Sol etaa high
<L^ mass will be celebrated at 11 a. m. Rev.
W. H. RatcllJTe. deacon: Rev. Herbert
Parrish. sub-deaccn; Rev. H. B. Mongea.
MORNING.
Solemn procession.
"Chrfit. the Lord, la Risen To-day"
"Mass In F"..... Berthold Tours
"Kyrie" and "Benedtetus" J. H. Pratt
Introlt. "At the Lamb's High Feast"
Sequence. 'The Strife Is O'er"
Offertory. "I Know That My Redeemer Llt
eth" Handel
" Miss F. C Perc«.
Communion.
"O Salutaris"
EVENING.
Solemn Evensong, 7:15 o'clock
Hymn, "The Strife Is O'er" Palestrlna
Proper psalms 113. 114 and 113.
"Magnificat" and "Nunc Dlmlttis' la E flat
John E. West.
Soprano 1010, "Hosannah" Grainier
Mrs. MeClure.
Anthem. "As It Began to Dawn" Vincent
Solemn precession and "ire Deum."
Organist and choirmaster, Harvey Ley.
SPECIAL EASTER
PROGRAMMES IN
CITY CHURCHES
T7 N addition to the programmes to be
¦fl rendered In the churches to-day. The
j| Call publishes the following, which
were received too late for the Initial
publication:
Roman Catholic.
ST. BONIFACE— A solemn high mags will be
celebrated at 10:10 o'clock. Rev. Father
Maximilian will be the celebrant; Rev.
Father Augustine, deacon, and Rev. Father
Philibert. sub-deacon. The following pro
gramme will be given by the regular choir of
twenty-six volunteers, under tjje direction of
J. B. Mayle. organist:
*'Vide Aquam" Ineert
"Kyrie," ••Gloria," •Sanctua." "Benedlc
tus" and "Aenus D*l" from "Festive
Mass" In "Sanctl Petrl" Joseph Grub»r
"Kaec Diea" Carl Etl
"Vent Creator" Kretchmer
Gregorian chant. "Credo" Kretchmer
Offertory. •Terra Tremlt" J. B. Fresch
"Reßina CoHt" - A. Lottl
The Proper of the day. "Intrott." "Gradual,
"Alleluia' r and "Sequence" (Vlctinnae Pas
chali), will be rendered by a special choir of
boys of the parochial school, in the sanctuary.
At 7:3) o'clock In the evening there will be a
sermon, procession and benediction of the
alessed sacrament.
ST. TERESA'S— Masses will be" celebrated at
5. 7:30 and 9 and a solemn high mass at
18:30. Rev. P. O'Connell will pr«ach a ser
mon on "The Resurrection."
The choir, under the direction of Miss F. Mc-
Mahon. will sing Moiarfs "Twelfth Mass "
Soloists: Sopranos — Mrs. Charles O Connell,
Mrs B. Curtis, Miss M. Lennon. Altos— Mr*.
T Ward Mrs. John Sherln. Miss M. Daley.
Tenors— W. Roach and W. O'Brien., Bassos— J.
J. Colan and Joseph Hayes. Mrs. Charles
O'Connell will sing "Reglna Coell" at the oC«r
tory.
ST. CHARLES— Masses at «:J3. 7:so, 9, and
solemn high mass at W:XJ o'clock, at
which Rev. Father O'Neill will be the
celebrant; Rev,, Father McDonald, deacon; Rev.
Father Dillon, sub-deacon, and Mr. Thornton,
master of ceremonies. The sermon will be
preached by Rev. Father McDonald
The choir. un.ler the direction of Miss Mlra
Burnett, organist, will render "Weber's Mass
"Venl Creator." tenor solo ..F Valerga
Offertory, barytone solo. "The Lord Is
Risen" - Herbert Medley
••O Salutarls." '•8ened1ctu5"........-F. Valerga
"Tantum Ergo" Herbert Medley
"Regina Coelt" Laudate
Choir.
"Gloria in Excelsls" .-••¦ Orchestra
Soloists: Sopranos— Miss D. Deane. Miss
Abraim. Altos— Miss Byrne. Miss May
Kean Miss Marauley. Tenors — George
Kean! F. Valeria. Basso* - Georgt
Creishtnn. T. Macauley, 11. Medley.
Oixhestra-Flrst violin. C. E. Smith;
second violin. John Hedley: viola. L.
Dowe; violoncello. T. Maeauley.
ST BRIGID'S— A solemn high mass will b«
celebrated at 11 o'clock. Gounod's Third
Mass, expressly, composed for Easter ser
vice will be rendered under the direction of
Mmc Ellen Coursen-Roeckel by the following
vocalists with orchestral and organ accompani
ment • SoDranos— Ml»s Grace Sh«rry, Miss
Charlotte HoUelser,: Mrs. H. Lewis and Mrs.
William B. Hunt. Altos— Senorlta Andrea
MoJtca Miss TtUle Mllejr and Miss Annette
Mltey Tenors-E. Lotz. J. Rltter and A. Lea
sale Bassos— Charles Pechln. A. Edmlnster.
Werner's "Regina Coeti" will be given at th«
offertory and Handel's celebrated "Laudate"
will be sung at , tha exit. Orsanlat. Joseph
Roeckel. ' "
TVTOTRE .DAME DES. VICTOIRES— SoIemn
[^ high mass at 18:S0 o'clock. Rev. J. Ron
nan will be the celebrant; Rev. Father
Harnet, deacon; Rev. Father Gulbert. tub
deacon. The sermon will be preached by Rev.
Father Harnet. Max Voprtch's "Mass In A"
will be rendered by the choir.
Mr GulUe. the celebrated tenor, will sin*
"Lea. Rameaux" (Faure) at the "Offertory, and
"Aye Maria" (Gounod) aiter the elevation;
violin obllgato. M. A. La Raja: Lambllotte'a
"Regina Coell" will be rendered.
Soloists. Bopranos, Miss GaniSßere, Mrs. U
Bernard! : contraltos. Mrs. L. Cadenasso. Miss
R. Harden Hickey; ' tenors. R. Hantlni, J.
Richards; bassos, .J. Fogartjr, L. Flynn. Or
ganist, ,8. Martlne*^___
/CORPUS CHRISTI — Low mass at «:38
\j o'clock: solemn high mass at 19. Th« sar
. msn of the day will be delivered by Rev.
Father Genna. S. J. An augmented choir ua-
She Is Convalescing.
Rose Reaves, the young girl who at
tempted to commit suicide In Golden Gate
Park early on Friday, morning by swal
lowing: a dose of lysol, is now considered
out of danger:
Las Lomas Parlor.
The ladles who compose Las Lomas
Parlor of the Native Daughters of the
Golden West have been Invited by Hes
perian Parlor of. the Native Sons to join
with them in the celebration of Admis
sion day In return for the compliment
the ladies have asked the Sons of the par
lor named to be their guests at the party
to be given in Mission Parlor Hall on the
night of the 17th inst.
VALUABLE ESTATES
LEFT TO RELATIVES
Wills of Mary V. Baldwin, George
Liebes and Patrick Flanigan
Filed for Probate.
The will of Mary V. Baldwin filed yes
terday in the County Clerk's office devises
an estate exceeding $10,000 in value as
follows: To Rev. Henry Wyman the sum
of $1000 for masses for the repose of her'
soul; to her daughter, Virginia Ford, her
wardrobe, jewelry, pictures and other per
sonal effects; one-half of the rest and re
sidue of the estate to Virginia Ford; the
other half to the Union Trust" Company
in trust for the use and benefit, of; her
son, Richard L. Cochrane, as long as he
lives, and for the use of her grandson, E.
Courtney Ford, in equal shares. She ap
points her children executors of her es
tate without bonds, or on their inability
to act the Union Trust Company shall be
executor thereof. :
The estate of George Llebes is by will
dated May 20. 1559. devised as follows: To
Leonle Armer $100; to *hls sister. Elsie
Liebes, $100; to bis cousin, Violet Weber,
GRAPE-2JUTS.
Immense Yield of Sugar Beets Pre
dicted in Solano County.
The sugar men are in high glee. The
copious showers of the last few days
have Insured a tremendous crop of sugar
beets in this county.
Mr E. J- Sammons, foreman of the
Golden Gate Beet-sugar Plantation Com
pany of which Rudolph Mohr. In the
Flood building, San Francisco. Is secretary,
reports his plantation In a flourishing con
dition The output of this company will
not be less than 12,000 tons, which Is al
ready contracted for at. 54.50 per ton.
Metcalf' s Daughter Very Ill.
OAKLAND. April H.— Corinne Metcalr,
the ten-year-old daughter of Congress
man Victor H, Metcalf, is critically ill
Dr. Power to Lecture.
Dr. d'Arry Power will deliver a lecture
In the Temple. 117 Turk street, this evrn
iv.z at S o'rlortc. His subject will be "A
F»*f at 8 Time." All are invited.
Marysville Merchant Bankrupt.
Leopold Kuhn. a merchant doinj; busi
ness in Mar>-?=vUle. filed a petition in in
eolvcncy yesterday in the United States
Circuit <~ourt. His liabilities are $4100 and
his assets $:r.;m.
TRAINED ANIMAL SHOW
DRAWS A BIG HOUSE
Gentry's trained animal show had a
"crowded house" last night at the initial
performance of Its two weeks' stay at
Central Park. The entertainment Is with
out doubt a splendid exhibition of what
patience and unceasing attention can ac
complish in the way of educating the
lower animals to the highest degree ! of
subservance. The performance is out of
the ordinary run of animal shows, and is
richly staged throughout.
The management has produced a style
of entertainment that Is not only for the
little ones but one that is worth the at
-tentlon of all who desire to witness an In
telligent exhibition of animal education.
CONCERT AND OPERA
Crowding Fischer's Concert House.
Sketched by a master hand, replete with
situations strong In their dramatic Inten
sity and thrilling with music that beats
and throbs with the passionate yearning
of breaking hearts, "Cavallerla Rustl
cana" leaped into almost Immediate favor
with the music-loving American public.
As presented at Fischer's Concert House
by the quintet of artists from sunny Italy
it has scored an even greater success than
"II Trovatore," and will be retained for
another week.
The Santuzza of Slgnorlna Barduccl
and Turlddu of Slgnor Badarocco are,
both from acting and singing standpoints,
almost perfect. The splendid art and
wonderful voice af Barduccl were never
shown to better advantage than as the
wronger and Insulted Santuzza. Vargas,
as Alflo, and the Lola of Puererl and
Mamma Lucia of Pollettlnl were perfect
In detail and true ta the traditions of the
art that Is eecond nature to this talented
quintet.
Leader Hlnrichs' clever work with the
baton made the Incidental music as en
joyable as the work of the quintet, and
the Intermezzo has received nightly en
cores.
The vocal selections of Slgnorlna Pol
lettlnl, Baby Ruth, Mile. Puereri and the
duet In costume between Vargas and the
beautiful Salvlnl all received their meed
of applause.
The programme, with the exception of
"Cavallerla," will be changed for the com
ing week.
GERMAN CATHOLICS
MEET IN CONVENTION
The German Catholic Union will hold a
convention In this city on the 23th ami
30th of this month in St. Anthony*
Church. The organization, which is com
posed of young men. Is making extensive
preparations for th« coming sessions.
Headquarters have been establiahed ac
St. Boniface's Church. It is expecte I
that a large delegation will come from
the southern part of the State to attend
the convention. At the close of tha ses
sion the visitors will be taken on a sight
seeing tour round the city and vicinity.
In the evening a grand banquet will ba
held In a downtown rotisserie. Follow
ing are the committees having the afTa:?
in charge:
Committee cf arrangements— T. B. Scho«a-.
•tetn. Charles P. Conrad, Henry F. Eudd^.
Herman Burhau*. Geori» Buecker, Fran*
Glunk.
Programme conimltte* — Geergs Buecicsr 11.
T. Budd*. Frank Glunk. "
Presa committee— Carl A. Schnabel. H. F.
Budde. Paul A. Meyer.
Resolutions— Charles P. Conrad. T. B.
Schoenatein. Herman Burhaas. F.av. OL Neu
mann. O. s*. M.
Reception committee— F. B. Schc«asteta. Jo
seph Hoer-r. Carl A. 3chnabel.
Decorations— F. X. Burbaus, Joha Casiaa*
Jacob Frank. Robert Treat.
Entertainment — Joseph Hoefer. Pas! X~
Meyer. Carl A. Schnab«l, Robert Trost, Gecrsar
Buecker.
$500; to his brother. Edgar Llebes, $500; to
his brother, Sidney Llebes, $2500 in trust
for the education of decedent's nephew,
Herman Lleßes. The rest .and residue of
the estate Is bvqueathed tn equal shares
to his brothers, Sidney a*id Julian* Llebes,
and his nephew, Herman Llebes,
son of Sidney Llebes. Out of the portions
bo allotted the brothers are directed to
pay their grandfather, Aaron Michael, tha
sum of $2a per month during his lifetime.
Patrick Flanlgan left all his property to
his wife, Ellen Flanlgan. It consists of a
life Insurance policy and personal prop
erty exceeding $10,000 In value.
John Cooke and Charles and William
Chambers filed notice of contest to the
probate of the will of Ann Olbrecht. They
allege that the pretendent last will was
procured by undue Influence of her niece.
Sarah Borland, the principal beneficiary
thereof, and that the latter persistently
refused to allow the relatives of deceased
to visit her. The estate consists of real
property. on Jones street, household fur
niture and moneys In bank.
REPUBLICANS
OF SANTA CLARA
MAY REVOLT
Good Government League
Takes Significant
Action.
Demands That the County Committee
Calls Primaries Instead of Ar
bitrarily Appointing
Delegates.
Sr*clal Disratch to The Call
SAX JOSE. April 14.— Unless the Repub
lican State Central Committee orders the
primary elections In the Fifth Congres
sional District to select delegates to the
State and Congressional conventions at
Sacramento on May 15 there will be a re
volt among Santa Clara County Repub
licans that may prove serious tto the elec
tion of a Republican Congressman and cut
some figure In the Presidential election in
California.
Tbls grows out of the action" of the
State Central Committee in refusing to
call primaries in this county. The league
declares this places the selection of dele
gates in the hands of the Rea gang and
Ignores the Republican Good Government
League, which was responsible for the
Republican majority in this county for
the last State ticket. A week ago reso
lutions were passed asking the State Com
mittee to call primaries for the selection
of delegates. Since then the remarks of
Committeeman Watts as published in
The Call, in which he stated no demand
for primaries wan made, aroused the
league, and at to-day's meeting the mat
ter was fuily discussed. '
The following resolution was unani
mously adopted:
"Whereas. The Republican Congres
sional Committee of the Fifth District, as
stated by Alva Watts of said committee,
•has r.ot heard of any Republican that
wanted a primary election' In said dis
trict, therefore, be It
"Resolved, By the Republican Good
Government League of Santa Clara Coun
ty, representing a membership of more
than 2000 members of the Republican
party, that we demand that all delegates
to represent the party In the Fifth Dis
trict be selected by primaries as near as
may be in accord with the primary elec
tion laws of this State, and we protest
against the appointment of any delegates
from this county to any district conven
tion by any Congressional or county com
mittee."
A committee, consisting of Messrs. C.
W. Chllds. Allen Brant. J. P. Jarman, F.
11. Babb and I. A. Latta, was appointed
to make arrangements for holding prima
ries in case the State Committee refuses
to call them.
with typhoid fever a: tfc"e residence of
ncr grandmother. Mrs. Nicholson, of 1321
Unden street. Mr. and Mrs. Metcalf ar%
hastening home from Washington to>
reach the child's sickbed as quickly as
AWAITING THE
ULTIMATUM OF
THE COMMANDER
On His Decision Hangs the
Fate of the Division
Encampment. -
»
Several National Guard Resignations
Accepted and a Number of Com
missions Issued — Elections
to Be Held.
The commander in chief of the National
Guard of California, who is at present
in the southern part of the State, has not
aa yet given any intimation as to what he
proposes 10 do about the acceptance or
rejection of the site at Santa Cruz se
lected as a camp for the guard, although
he promised to do so several weeks ago.
In consequence there Is no certainty that
there will be a division camp In August.
There does not appear to be any great
amount of enthusiasm on the subject of a
camp. Those who are in the Eighth Regi
ment do not favor one, those In the Fifth
are not overparticular and the Sixth and
Seventh do not feel as If they care to
tamp out for a week. Then again it Is
said that the guard at this time is not in
a condition to go into a division encamp
ment, as it is not properly equipped for
such, being without tents, ovens, blankets
and other articles that are necessary.
The election of field officers of the First
Regiment of Infantry is about as far off
as It was a month ago. Captain Connolly
L* still in the field for the colonelcy and
is in the lead, with possibly Major C L
Tilden as an opponent. Lieutenant Col
onel Duboce, commanding the regiment
is at Paraiso Springs.
Frank S! Rice, late of the California
Heavy Artillery, has been commissioned
engineer officer with the rank of major on
the staff of the Third Brigade.
The resignations of Captain C. L. E
Wenk of Company F, Fifth Infantry H
La V, Twining, captain and adjutant Sev
enth Infantry; Benjamin F. Whlttam
second lieutenant Company G. Sixth In
fantry; George J. Lidenricld. first lieuten
ant Troop B. cavalry; Samuel Crawford
second lieutenant of Company A, Seventh
Infantry, and J. M. Vaughn, lieutenant
and battalion adjutant of the Fifth In
fantry, have been accepted.
Captain. D. A. Smith, regimental adju
tant of the Fifth Infantry, has been de
tailed to muster in Company I of the
Fifth at Llvermore on the 20th.
C. T. Poulter, who has received hJs com
mission as major of the Fifth Infantry,
has been detailed to preside at an election
to seltct a captain for Company A of the
Fifth in Oakland on the 26th.
Private Hpnry Ticdmann of Company H
First Infantry, has been transferred to'
Troop A. cavalry.
Elections will be called during the cur
rent month for captain of Company F.
Fifth Infantry, vice Wenk, resigned; sec
end lieutenant Company G, vice McDon
ald, term expired, ar.d for captain, first
and second lieutenants in Company E
vie» the incumbents, whose terms have
expired. ¦
Captain George Filmer of the First In
tfrwPtl ** a PMted to be placed on the re
i Charles J. Evans has received his com
mission as lieutenant colonel and signal
officer on thf division staff. «»6"«™
Charles Jansen has received hi» com
mission as captain of Troop A, cavalry
Cuptain J. W. Dumbrell of Company C
First Infantry, has at his own requesf
been placed »n the retired list. uear
To Lecture on Russia.
Marsden Mansin, who has recently re
turned from a trip to Russia, will rive
an Illustrated lecture on that country in
the parlors of the \oung Women's Chris
tian Association, 1250 O" Parrel! street
Tuesday evening at S o'clock. PrecMing
the lecture will be a mandolin solo by
&Uss Lois Gertrude \Vheaton. vocal solo
hy Miss Edwards and a piano duet by
Misses Grass and Webb. D>
KEM QUEY MUST
SHOW HER RIGHT
TO REMAIN HERE
She Was One of the Omaha
Troupe of Acrobats
Who Skipped. '
>
Complaint Was S-vrorn to Against
Her by Chinese Inspector Gard
ner and She Will Be De
pcrted to China,
. Rev. Dr. Jchn Endicott Gardner. Chi
nese Inspector, swore to a complaint yes
terday before United States Court
Commissioner Heacock charglnc Kera
Quey with b*ins unlawfully in the
United Slates, and the Commis
sioner issued a warrant for her
arrest. This was done simply as a mat
ter of lorm, for Kern was turned over to
United States Marshal Shine and she will
be examined Tuesday or Wednesday.
Dr. Gardner believes that the woman
cs.n.t to this country a year and a half
BgO with a company of actors, acrobats,
t hopkeepers ani village people, who were
admitted by the Secretary of the Treas
ury for the purpose of taking part in the
• xi.ocitior. at Omaha. It was stipulated
U a condition precedent to their admis
fion that they should return to China
•within tbrcc months after the close of
ir.^ exposition. Instead of keeping the
BSmzsenX the wily Orients is scattered
over the country, the Chinese company
which had piven bonds fur their return
to China went ir.to insolvency, or rather 1
announced U» normal condition of bank
ruptcy, and the bond remained in the
Treasury Drf-artmeijt «is a sold brick.
Among the women w.'io came to Califor
nia was Kerr Quey. Tre fact that she
had no papers entltiinc nor to bt and re
maiß in ibis count*. y was discovered by
Dr. Gardner at Mayfield last Friday, on
which occasion the now notorious Bert
llerrington irok the woman away in a
bug-py with the alleged Jntentlon of kid
naping her after her arrist.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
COMMITTEE SELECTS THIS IDEA A3 SUPERIOR TO THE -STARS
AND STRIFES'"
{• |f -HE committee arpolr.ted by Mayor Phelan to select a design for a jnunici
ps.l flatr met !n the chief executive's office yesterday afternoon and after
]£ inspecting seme facruy-flv* designs submitted by various artists flnally
"" accepted the one drawn by Johr. M. Gamble of 323 Monteomery street. The
members of the comm!tte« present were- Park Commissioner Stantcm. Ccmmls
slor.^r cf Public Works Mendell. Supen-isors Duboce and Hotaling. The com
mittee was cf Urn opfzdon that the flag drawn by Mr. Gamble fulHlled the re
quirements of simplicity and was eirhltmatic of the municipality to a greater
extcnr than the ethers. Honorable mention was also given to Herman SchefTarna
a=d Sydney Armer. the former representing a ship surrounded by a wreath
typifyirx Yerba Ruena and the latter a rising: eun on a plain white background.
The dcs;en tuggested by The Call, that cf the glorious "stars and stripes,"
which have been good enough for this great nation for more than a century, was
not considered by the committee
In *xpla!r.::ig his design the successful contestant, who will receive a prize of
$jO. says:
"The phenix Is the crest of the city of San Francisco and may emblemize the
city tn time past rising into the greater strrnyth and beauty from its own
ushes; also. It may b« taken as an emblem of a new era of prosperity under its
present charter. It seercs to me to be the most fittinjr device to go with the
motto of the city. It t* in two colors, shaded— biack typifying Iron, and the yel
low g'cld. This drawing would be suitable for a f.air of ceremony, made of silk,
with illuminated design. The eclors of the designs are interchangeable, and any
ether combination of colors may be used with these designs. Black and gold
seem especially suitable as typifying the metals spoken of in the motto."
DESIGN SELECTED
FOR MUNICIPAL FLAG
THE SAN FBANGISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APBIL 15, 1900.
113 ISfela* X) j&SeB&Sr TllS\ COUIC Slid ThCV GO. ladles' Woo! Waists mad? of the S y. of the best black sateen, rust &- Jp3 drawn work, made of the fi£§
3S§ -> |,i| JaMRStT T , „ ¦ „ . best wool material. tucked and J \ proof front steel, lace trim- yf \ best Imported lawn. V, jjv?}
w2R Km' *>**¦ I .jCHreSXr . . I lift iIPW Milt? braided, dressmaker's finish, and / ...-, mcd, bias gored, hand cut, /ha vr-j incr.es lor.;; your O^/-» S3s
g6R2 XScx »I, JUII3. tlned throughout. Thl3 season' 3 £V«i : all sizes. You will say won- \£ A *M p i c k, apiece — Ot, jßffl
"^lsi l^/v^^/ll ' Vmß^MFi H ir styles and colors— blue, black and Vyy. ! ders never cease when you v . jfi*^
Yrai 3 !racke^s c "an a be had irf^iny'of thVs'e S\> tucked yoke neck and sleeves! Ladlea'G. D. Waist, for health an.i Made Ot of W fhc best^Blue 1 Polka Dot £&!
j&jSSRgSgB&r 1 1\« I styles, such as Eton, tight-fitting and <A~,' i r , IT1 'T' ITle( 2 ,, wU -!l,,, hem , ss 1 tltcl l e >! 1 comfort. It's neither waist nor cor- snk to fit any size ha:. This AQr £**»
WJ&SmW 118 1 double-breasted. Skirts aro the new ruffl" full w-idth and l«i«h. Fet . Ju9t tfce waist for a person that week **y»- £%*
X&S&S&Wi y&S^WaVft I liVa B three-piece skirts, all lined and V-V Our quick sale and PJQ cannot stand the pressure of a cor- g?H
fEJaJfISV I \lilttiSaii I'/ iVS U bound. Strictly man-tailored. They n-« small profit price.... ~»^'C set. It is a combination of a waist Sj?^)
P** JBJIIwIImwWKBBmSI I $25 FOR OUR LADIES' TAILOR- WE ARE MANUFACTURERS "* S * Tjc'lACE NOW 13c. , or s/ If you are not^ in" need "of jit
$H# ,fe^3nraßgSßM^^33^^a§l«H^a 9 Woolen poods hay* advanced. an>i r> • Inches wide and the flnunce is from '.''"'— V "".'a' wv ' i'nrppTTap fK?
EBB dlwDjif Illi WlilWlWlffPffnnillin li H we have l;iid In a blp stock of them. I] Hype 7to 13 inches wide. Your pick of any «E bELL As Wi. AD\br..l2^. g£U
l§& j^P^^^i^^S^Si'StKßHSß^M 9 tiO we can sell you lhem at the old "UIUTWO. of these laces or net thi* A^q « • B*l
r^^^^^^^^^^^ S3^^k | 311K ndlStS' Is the best ploye that is made with- the "newest d#>s«irn£ C and "from": to li) s Ha ,_ „th enulne ual
<^^^^^ H JB ; sfl SILK TVAISTS $3.95. ted and warranted, "if* yo" war -nU^sliigh a« T^a yard. To chs" Ity, black and 'pur so-called
B^^^^HjP^stS^^y MJHffi'Sfff^HP'H fi9B^BfiuB^^^B^s^c^^^3^s^B^ c r t i ?¦* t* .lis -\. s Khrßh* , j ~ - '«¦¦- — — ¦ ' — -- ¦ ¦ i '~ ¦ — . ' — ¦¦¦ *'~,* \
ft^)Tjj^jTMßßjt»gPj j^S^ShSxohmpqEsh T* 1 T*^ I~) T T "* t I_T fit t" **¦<
sllk aJone cost more than ;£> » o/» Rt i c? . made of all silk, fr:'':-' t^
*&sQB&,^^^^to^^^ i^^^^^^^^^^a^^^^ Come early If you want one of these; PHELfIN BUILDING, .^^^^A and a:i-s::'< ' ribbon.. &{"-i
f ¦ . ¦' ¦ .
JIL Delic a t c
wq^ Dentistry
lppgj||J Means delicate methods and man-
aUx/ Hvk ncrs — cas^ r anc * S racc^ 1^ workmanship
/MAr j^^ — nothing bunglesomc or rough.
r rij vc u^ c U P m 7m 7 prac^cc by per- !
j\. ' spi*> Np feet workmanship — careful attention j
/ M jr^i to little things in dentistry. I euar-
/ \ ' v a antec to please in every instance.
iJJII Dr - T< S> Higgins
K&Sri/jIpl&lr 9 : 7 Marker Street — ' Emma Sprccklss B'.dg
T^JgKP&r* Opposite Phclan Fountain i
25139 Kearny St.
Write for our illustrated catalogue.
Good-Looking
Eye-Glasses
That star on without discomfort. Cost the >am
as others that pinch. Ask your friends w»
wear onrs.
Oculists* prescriptions filled. Factory or
premises. Quick repairing. Phone. Main 10.
642 Market ot.. im:jtrumemt3
¦ MM* CNOMtCL* BUUDIMb
.<*S3ssobxbsbHKHbmßl
Crepe de Chine
In black and all the new shadings for spring
and summer with miniature designs which
are at present the latest Parisian fashions;
the quality is very firm and extra heavy, a
feature seldom found in Crepe de Chine; a
bargain at '
M.50 a yard
Our assortment of Foulard silks is now complete and
must be seen to be appreciated.
Take Elevator to 2nd floor
New shipment of table linens and napkins in great
variety at moderate prices for reliable goods, there awaits
your inspection.
ADDITIONAL EVIDENCE
AGAINST O'BRIEN
Scene of the Murder o$ the Clayson
Party Found "and River Being
Dragged for Bodies.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VICTORIA, B. C. April 14.— The steam
er Amur arrived from Skaguay.this even
ing. She had a number of late arrivals
from Dawson on board. Major Strickland
and Corporal W. Delia Torre of the
mounted police, the former coming out to
command the new Canadian corps for the
Transvaal, tell of new evidences that have
been found of the guilt of O'Brien, the
man under arrest at Tagish for the mur
der of the Clayson party. The scene of
the last fight of the murdered men has
been discovered.
It is a short distance from wher©
O'Brien's tent stood and a few miles
south of Minto. It is held that the vic
tims were marched from the trail at tho
point of revolvers by O'Brien and his
partner. When some distance in tho
woods the party was shot. Before being
wiped out one of them wounded O'Brien's
partner, and O'Brien not wishing to b«
discovered owing to the wound of his
partner shot him. Bullet mark? havt
been found en tree trunks, and several
pieces of clothing have been picked up
Blood stains have also been located. The
police are dragging the river- near thero
for the bodies.
• The trail is very soft and the river is
open in places. Expectations are that
navigation will open on May 1, about
three weeks ahead of last year. A team
belonging to E. Lewis was lost with its
load near Selkirk. No drownlngs of trav
elers have been reported.:
Water began to run freely on Dominion,
Sulphur andiGold creeks March 25. Miner*
are busy washing up. C. W. D. Clifford,
returned on the Amur, and In an interview
on the boundary question he 'advocated a
free zone for either country at the head
of Lynn canal. . .-¦¦*.
Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
Druggists. bOc flask. Richards & Co., 4M Clar.
Accidentally Shot.
Epec'.al Dicpatch to The Call.
ANTTOCH. April 14.— Tom Hanlon ac
cidentally shot and killed his little brother
Cornelius this afternoon at about 6 o'clock.
H« pulled a pun out of his back pocket.
when it accidentally went off. and the ball
struck Cornelius in the left eye. killing
him instantly. The accident occurred on
the Hanlon ranch near Stewartviile. Tom
Hanlon is a man and Cornelius, the vic
tim, was but 12 years of age. Hanlon is
almost crazed with grief, as he and his
young brother were constant companions.
Barstow Depot Burned.
LOS ANGELES. April 14.— Yesterday
afternoon the Santa Fe depot at Barstow,
Cal., caught fire. In what way is not yet
known. The depot and nearly all its con
tents and two freight cars loaded with
sugar were totally destroyed. The loss
has not yet been estimated. The sugar
was valued at $5500.
Fell Under a Train.
NEEDLES, April 14.— While attempting
to steal a ride on the eastbound train
last night, Alex Murray, a carpenter, fell
under the wheels and sustained injuries
which will probably result fatally.* His
head was severely lacerated and an arm
was cut off.
'Ladles' fine kid lace shoes for $1 50 a pair
at the Bee Hive Shoe Co., 717 Market st. •
BRITISH SURVEYORS
ATTACKED BY CHINESE
Battle on the Burmah Border Which
Resulted in Disaster to the
Celestials.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VICTORIA. B. C, April 14.— News was
brought by the Rlojun Maru of a serious
conflict between the British Delimination
Commission party and a band of Chinese
on the Burmah border. The battle, which
took place on the border of Yunan. result
ed in a complete victory for the British,
who killed over eighty of the Chinese.
The band of Chinese routed by the Brit
ishers are those who. waylaid and mur
dered Major Kiddle and Sutherland and
wounded Consul Lytton of the Boundary
Survey. But three of the English were
wounded. There were none killed.
Passing of Two Pioneers.
Special Dispatch to The Call
GILROY. April 14.— Two more of the
early pioneers of the State have crossed
the silent river of death. Elisha Swift,
aged 71 years, was buried to-day. He
came to California in 1852 and to Santa
Clara County in 1853. He has" been identi
fied with the farming interests of the com
munity ever since. He leaves a widow and
three children-.
This morning Massey Thomas, a pioneer
of '49, died at his home, south of Gllroy.
He was born in Kentucky In ISI3, but in
early life accompanied his parents to Mis
souri. He crossed the plains in 1849. He
first engaged In mining. He returned to
Missouri in ISSI and on his return to Cali
fornia came direct to Gilroy Township In
1853. He engaged in farming and stock
raising and owned a large estate near Gll
roy. which he divided equally among his
children and grandchildren a few years
ago.
Talk about snaps! Buy a kodak and you
can take all the snaps you care to. It's a
new line with us, but our line of photo-
graphic supplies is the most complete In
the city. We carry a full line of Kast-
man's kodaks. We do printing, develop-
ing and mounting in the latest styles. Try
us. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Market. .•• :
WEEK DAY EXCURSION TO
THE SANTA CRUZ MOUNTAINS
Saturday, May 5, Stopping at All the
Noted Camping Resorts.
SPLENDID TRAINS OF FIRST
CLASS COACHES.
A Very Low Rate for the Round Trip.
Following the custom inaugurated many
years ago the Southern Pacific Company
announce that they will during the com
ing seasou run a number of first-class
personally conducted excursion trains to
the various resort places located on its
lines.
The first of these excursions will be to
the Santa Cruz Mountains and which will
take place on Saturday, May 5, scheduled
so as to make stops at all of the noted
camping resorts in the Santa Cruz Moun
tains on the line of the narrow-gauge
road.
In this connection we are given to un
derstand that a number of new and
charming camping retreats have - been
added to the list of those already known
to the public and which will be visited
and duly inspected.
Mr. Wm. H. Menton. excursion passen
ger agent of the Southern Pacific Com
pany, will be in charge of this excursion
and, as heretofore, will give his personal
attention to the comfort and pleasure of
the excursionists.
For the information of those who may
desire to take advantage of this opportu
nity to visit the Santa Cruz Mountain re
gion it should be understood that stops
will be made at Alma, Wrights, Laurel,
Glenwood. Eccles, Campus, Felton, Ben
Lomond, Rowardennan, Clear Creek and
Boulder Creek. Excursionists desiring to
spend their time at any one of the above
mentioned points can do so and take ex
cursion train, which will stop for them
on return trip.
Special round-trip tickets will be sold
at the very low rate of 11.25.
Excursionists will leave San Francisco
by the 7:45 a. m. boat; from the narrow
gauge ferry landing. Fourteenth and
Franklin streets. Oakland, at 7:45 a, m.,
and from Alameda, Park street, at 8:20
a. m., returning arriving San Francisco
at 8:05 p. m.
Tickets will be on sale at the Grand Ho
tel ticket office. 613 Market street. May 1,
2, 3 and 4, and at ferry landing on the
morning of the excursion. They can also
be procured at Fourteenth and Franklin
and Seventh and Webster streets, Oak
land, and at Park-street station, Alameda,
on the dates above named. . •
WARSHIPS ORDERED
OUT OF COMMISSION
jTavy Department Handicapped by
the Lack of Officers for the
Vessels.
"WASHINGTON, April 14.— The Navy
Departmer.t was under the necessity to
day of ordering the United States cruiser
Detroit to the Portsmouth Navy Yard,
New Hampshire, to go out of commission.
2n addition to this orders have been pre
pared to put the Marblehead out of com
mission at Mare Island, and telegraph
orders have be«n sent to Admiral WatFon
to send the gunboats Bennington and Con
cord, now at Manila, to San Francisco,
where they also will be put out of com
mission. The big battleships Indiana and
Massachusetts, which have just been over
hauled at the New York Navy Yard, are
to be cent to League Island about the first
of the month to be laid up in ordinary,
instead of being commissioned.
This remarkable reduction of the num
ber of ships in commission is ascribed at
the Navy Department to the lack of a
sufficient number of officers to furnish
complements for the ships absolutely re
quired for naval purposes. The battleship
Kearsarpe has just be*n put into commis
cion. and the Illinois on the Atlantic side
and the Wisconsin on the Pacific Coast
must he commissioned immediately in
order that the ships may be taken over
from the hands of the contractors. Then
there are some smaller craft, like th*>
fitringham and the Chesapeake, calling
Jor commissions and crews.
The extent of the shortage may be sug
gested by the fact that fof all of the four
*rreat gur.s in the double turrets of the
sew battleship Kearsarge but one officer
could be spared, involving undue risk,
*yen In times of peace. The Navigation
liureau is authority for the statement
that there are fully ICO vacancies in the
line of the navy, and the total number of
officers is really less than It was fifteen
years ago, notwithstanding the great In
crease in the number of ships. The pro
jected shortening of the course at Annap
olis, provided for In the Impending naval
bill, would not substantially relieve the
situation in less than fifteen years, so the
officials are striving to find some method
lor temporary relief. Buch perhaps as the
graduation of the Annapolis classes for
the next two years one year In advance
of the usual time, or an authorization for
the Immediate appointment to Annapolis
cf about 100 extra cadets.
"Keith's" thanks for the finest and
largest Easter sales we have ever had.
Yours, Mm*. Alma Keith, dealer exclu-
sively In millinery. ''On* thin* at a time,
and that dene well." SOS Market street. •
Dr. Parker's Cough Cure. One dose will stop
a cough. Never falls. Try It, All drugfflsts. •
GUARDIAN FOR WALTERMIRE.
Mind of the Hotel-Keeper Is Slightly
Unbalanced.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
REDWOOD CITY, April 14.-Judgeßuck
this morning appointed H. W. Schaberg
as guardian of the person and estate of
A. F. Waltermire and fixed his bond in
the sum of $10,000.
About four months ago Mr. Waltermire
was attacked by. a malady which has de
veloped Into dropsy. By reason of hl3
sickness his mind has become disarranged
to such an extent as to incapacitate him
from attending safely to his own affairs.
He Is the owner of the well-known hotel
at Belmont that bears his name and has
been running the same for a great many
years. During this period he has accu
mulated considerable money and it was
to prevent him from squandering his
means that the' proceedings were insti
tuted. - . '.'.';
It is said that during the past six weeks
or two months he has spent about 54000.
He purchases things for which he has
no need and pays exorbitant prices for
them, such as second-hand shoes and
clothing, guns, pistols and carriages.
Mr. Waltermlre made no objection to
the appointment of a guardian and It was
upon his suggestion that Mr. Schaberg,
who is a Deputy County Clerk, was ap
pointed.
Savings and Loan Society
Solicits loans on mortgages or trust deeds
at lowest market rates. 101 Montgomery.*
supporting festoons of cypress, In which
will sparkle Incandescent lights. The top
of each column will blaze with electricity
and the same brilliant effect will be pro
duced in the arches themselves. The mid
way of the fair will occupy that portion
of Thirteenth street which runs through
Capitol Park, and here there will be a
bewildering assortment of attractions.
In the center of the park is being con
structed a beautiful throne for the May
Queen. The structure will represent the
classic In architecture and the young
woman who is to sit in regal splendor
thereon will have as fair a view spread
before her as ever rejoiced a real mon
arch. The booths and exhibits will occupy
a space running about fifteen feet Into L
and N streets, the entire length of the
park, or in all about 4000 feet. Carpenters
are busy at work putting up these
booths, many of which would be credit
able as permanent- structures, so substan
tially and artistically are they being built.
One of the latest attractions secured by
the committee is the Chinese dragon,
which takes 150 men to manlplate. It
is expected that the Chinese Consul and
suite of San Francisco will be guests on
the occasion of the parade.
/-^ ACRAMENTO, April 14.— Work Is
L fast progressing -on the beautiful
arches which are to mark the east
i j em and western limits of the street
**-' fair and trades carnival from April
30 to May 5. These arches will not be
fllmpy affairs, susceptible to every breeze,
but are being erected on solid framework
and with careful attention to detail. They
have been designed by C. W. Morton, one
of the members of the street fair com
mittee and a decorator of ability. As Is
now generally known, the space to be al
lotted to the street fair will be the streets
flanking Capitol Park. or. to be exact. L.
street from Tenth to Fifteenth and N
street from Tenth to Fifteenth.
There will be four arches, in order to
make the inclosure complete. These
arches will be finished with staff such as
formed the surface of the World's Fair
bulldlnps. and in the case of the arch at
Tenth and N streets will represent marble
statuary in arches. Running the entire
length of L and N streets, between the
two arches will be a series of fifty-two
Corinthian columns of considerable height
ARCH AT TENTH AXD N STRETS, SACRAMENTO. ERECTED FOR
THE COMING FAIR.
SPECIAL OFFERING.
125 cartons (1500 Dieces) NEW TAFFETA RIB-
BONS, full 4 inches wide, in 50 different
' colors, including all the new pastel shades,
also whites and creams.
Price 20c Yard.
450 pieces NOVELTY RIBBONS, in Striped
and Hemstitched Effects, from 31 to k\
inches in 'width, suitable for belts and
neckwear, the veru latest stules and
colorings.
Price 3flc Yard,
100 dozen Ladies' 2-CLASP FINE KID AND
PIQUE GLOVES, with embroidered backs;
theu are all the veru newest shades and
are in all sizes.
Price $1.00 Pair.
500 dozen of the CELEBRATED REYNIER
GLOVES, In both Glace -and Suede, newest
French shades and latest stules of em-
broidered backs.
Prices $1.50, $1.75 and $2.00 Pair.
EXTRA SPECIAL.
This week we will have on sale 100 pieces of
our 54-INCH CAMELS-HAIR HOMESPUN
CHEVIOTS, 12 different colorings,
Price $1.00 Yard.
INSURGENTS
ARE ACTIVE IN
THE MARIVALES
Force Attacks BataDga,
but Is Easily Re- -
pulsed.
Transport Thomas, With General
Schwan and a If umber of Sick
and Discharged Soldiers,
Ready to SaiL
MANILA, April 14.— The Insurgents,
supposedly Mascado's command, are ac
tive about the Marivalea Mountains,
across the bay from Manila. A force es
timated at 100 attacked Batanga, where
three companies of the Thirty -second ln
iantry are stationed, on Monday night,
J..ut were easily repulsed, lesteraay tney
*.ttackt-d Captain tioldman with thirty
jnen of the x tiirty-secona Hegiment near
c»rion. killing two Americans, tioldman
then retired.
The trau.-port Thomas sails to-morrow,
taking Ocacral 'lhooaore fcenwan antl 3uu
cischitrged a.jjd sick soldiers.
¦WASHINGTON. April J*.— rt is said at
the iJtaie Department that no conclusion
Jias yet Oc-t-n reached in the negotiations
Whicn have been in progress between the
department and tne fcjpiuiish Government
respecting the title to certain outlying
Islands in the Philippine archipelago. The
department has from the nrst lnslstea
that tlK'So Islands, though not specifically
included in the ceded territory, were actu
ally part of the cession, but It was not
possible to rcsis-t the courteous request 01
the Spanish Government for a considera
tion of its cJalms and the ascertainment
cif the understandings reached by the
American members ol the Peace Commis
sion on this j"ii:;t.
The War .Department is Btill loath to
permit the ladies of officers' families to
reside in Manila. Following is the form
of a letter which Is beJng used by Sec
retary li3ot In response to all requests
from army women for transportation to
the Philippines:
••General Otis has requested th^at the
ladies of officers' families should not be
permitted to go to Manila. The officers
themselves are liame at any time to be
ordered to distant parts of the islands, so
that they are unable to furnish protection
lor their families, and Manila is not yet
v. place where it is proper that an Ameri
can woman should live without protection.
In such cases it would be necessary for
the commanding general to furnish
S"uards, and 1 cannot impose upon him
that necessity. If a lady has male rHa-
Tives living in Manila in whose family she
¦will live and who will furnish her protec
tion in the absence of the officer on whoso
accoun-t ehe a?ks transportation the quar
termaster general is authorized to give
lier passage on a transport."
The training ship Dixie, now at Naples,
has been ordered to continue her cruise
through -the Mediterranean Sea and the
Euez canal to Manila. Her original or
ders contemplated her return to the
United States after she had proceeded as
lor as Trieste. Austria. The change of
orders was made in order to fill the va
cancies in the crews of several of the ves
eels on the Asiatic station. Another
draft of m^n will be sent to the Asiatic
Btatlon on the Solace, which will sail from
fc-an Francisco in a f*>xi- days
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 15, 1900.
PREPARING SACRAMENTO'S
STREETS FOR THE FAIR
Arches and Booths Will Not Onlg Be
Artistically Beautiful hut of Sub
stantial Construction.
Epect&l XMspatcK to The Call.
Two Silk Specials
1
laffeta Louisine, 24 inches wide, a very
desirable fabric this season for either suits or
waists, possessing all the. features of a taffeta,
with the durability of ia louisine and comes in
stripes and checks in black and white, blue
and white and gray and white; also with a
ground work in white and black with colored
•satin stripes in all the new spring shades,
excellent value at "-V- .
21.00 a yard
Colonel Peyton Resigns.
SANTA CRUZ, April 14.— Colonel Ber
nard Peyton has resigned his -position as
superintendent .of - the powder works,
which he has held for thirty-three years.
He leaves In a few. days for Carlsbad,
Gevmany, with his daughter. On his re
turn he will probably associate himself
with his son, W. C. Peyton, in a new
powder plant near Martinez. This after
noon prominent citizens presented him
with a silver cigar-holder as a token of
appreciation. The employes of the work?
gave him a loving cup. During his In
cumbency the plant has been greatly im
proved. When he took charge only fifty
men were employed. Now there are over
200 at the works and large Government
contracts are being filled. At present
24,000 kegs of black powder are being
made monthly, besides 100,000 pounds of
smokeless powder.
OVERTURNED BOAT FOUND.
Special Dispatch to The Call
TIBURON, April 14.— Charles McNeil, a
boatman of this place, found a capsized
boat near Belvedere Point this afternoon,
and from what can be learned it is feared
that three men were drowned In a boat-
Ing accident near that place last evening.
A small boy came in last night and re
ported that he had seen three men In the
water making an effort to reach shore and
he thought they must have drowned, as
he saw the swift current carrying them
around the bluff. No clew can be found
that will lead to the identification of the
men or to whom the boat belonged. A
search will be made to-morrow to' find
some clew If possible.
Telegraph to Nome.
SEATTLE, April 14.— Telegraphic com
munication between Valdes. and- St. Mi
chael and Nome will be established by
next winter. Major Frank Greene of the
United States Signal Corps, now stationed
In San Francisco, has been assigned to
take charge of the' construction of the
line, and will b»»here In a few days to en
ter upon the preliminary work.
Bel
ill. 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
HUSBAND AND
WIFE ACCUSE
ONE ANOTHER
Mr. and Mrs. Charles Pecker
Continue to Exchange
Compliments.
Fight for the Possession of Little
Conrad Will Not End With the
Court's Decision on
Special Dispatch to The Call.
* NEW YORK. April 14.— Little Conrad
Benjamin Fecker has gained a host of
friends since the dispute for his custody
between his foster-father and foster
mother has become a matter of public
notoriety.
Mrs. Fecker'a counsel does not expect
that the court will deliver the child into
her custody on Monday. He says he will
move that Bennie be remanded to the
care of the society which is now taking
care of him for a period of at least two
weeks, tie will then endeavor. to obtain
from the proper authorities in Wisconsin
legal adoption papers made out in the
name of Mrs. John Kallhorn,, who Is now
Mrs. Fecker. He then hopes to win his
victory.
v Charles Fecker is perfectly content to
have the child remain where he is now;
but in the meantime he is making every
effort, to convince the District Attorney's
office of the unprincipled character of his
wife and to prove that she Is not a proper
person to have the care of the boy. Fecker
to-day passed another hour with Assist
ant District Attorney Collins and his
stenographer. He gave them the namea
of several hotel-keepers, milliners and de
partment store proprietors who have been
swindled by Mrs. Fecker. He also named
at least two wealthy New York residents
who, he avers, have contributed largely
to Mrs. Fecker's support since she has
been In New York. Fecker mentioned a
wealthy banker as the man on whose rec
ommendation Mrs. Fecker gained en
trance as a patron to the Hotel Majestic.
Since It has come to a' game of the
blackening of character, Mrs. Fecker does
not propose to be outdone by her husband.
She and her counsel have nunted up the
record of the trial of Evelyn Holt for the
shooting of Fecker, in 1898, in San Fran
cisco. . Miss Holt testified that in June.
1898, Fecker persuaded her to go to Los
Angeles for a visit; 'that he married his
present wife the same day, but kept her
in ignorance and wrote her endearing let
ters almost dally for six weeks. She
offered In evidence twenty-one of his let
ters, in which he addressed her as "My
Dear Love," "Dear Little Sweetheart
and "Dearest Baby." One, 1 dated three
days after his marriage to Mrs. Fecker,
said:
I was very lonesome and blue after you left
and cried for two days, but am glad I am get
ting: over It now and T hone you are too, hard
as it Is. Hoping to hear from you again soon,
I am with 2.U00.000 kisses, your ¦ PAPA.
Mrs. Fecker and her counsel to-day gave
out the story that on Friday while she
was in Roblnsdnls office she had been
called •up on the telephone by Fecker,
who threatened to shoot her if he did not
get the custody of the boy. Robinson
does not vouch for this story. When
asked about it to-day Fecker said the
story was an absurd Invention, given out
In the hope of influencing the court. He
said he could prove he was In his bedroom
at the hctir his wife professed to have
talked t" him over the telephone.
"As for Evelyn Holt," said Fecker, "she
was a woman and I had loved her. After
she shot me I left the State so as not to
be forced to appear against her. and I
sent a lawyer to her to tell her I would ;
not dispute any defense she chose to
make. The jury disagreed, and she was
set free. I will not now dispute any of
her statements." ..•'. , «
_ mM _ _^
COMPARISON
OF THE LOSSES
IN TWO WARS
Evidence That the Boer Is
a Better Marksman Than
the Spaniard.
Eighty-Eight Per Cent of the AmAr
ican Death Rate Attributable
to Disease in
Camp.
"WASHINGTON, April 14.— The War De
partment has posted an Instructive state
ment comparing the mortality figures In
the Spanish-American war with those of
the first six months of the present South
African war, the purpose being to show
that the casualties suffered by the Ameri
can troops at the time of their occurrence
(which were regarded in some quarters as
excessive and were the basis of much
criticism) were actually very much less
in number proportionately than those suf
fered by the Urltish army up to date.
As to the British showing, the state
ment covers the returns from October 11
to April 7— nearly six months. There were
309 officers and 3944 men killed in action,
by accident or by wounds and disease.
There were set down as missing and as
prisoners 186 officers and 3722 men and 270
officers and 4934 men were invalided home,
making the British losses, exclusive of
sick and wounded In the hospitals In South
Africa, 765 officers and 12,600 men. It Is
estimated that nearly 10,000 officers and
men are sick and wounded in the hospi
tals, showing a loss in effective strength
since the beginning of the war of about
23,000 men. The number of wounded is not
stated.
During the war with Spain the United
States army lost by death 107 officers and
2803 men. There were wounded 113 officers
and 1464 men.
Only 12 per cent of the American death
rate resulted from wounds or occurred In
battle, while the corresponding rat© for
the British army was 63.13 per cent.
The War Department statement in con
clusion reads as follows:
"The conditions, both military and cli
matic, under which the campaigns were
carried on were so different that It Is
difficult to make any comparisons. The
American campaigns were carried on In
the tropics in midsummer, the most un
favorable season of the year. The dis
eases most prevalent were tropical fever 3.
The climate in the theater of operations
In South Africa Is remarkably healthy.
There was much sickness at Ladysmith.
but that was due to siege conditions and
not to climate. .'V:
"In the American campaigns the cloth
ing worn was as light as possible. Lord
Roberts has sent from Bloemfonteln for
warmer clothing for his army on account
of threatened prevalence of pneumonia,"
fill ¦¦ A Completely eradicated with
LJII L\T out cutting or tylns. N
rll r¦% cure, no pay. For lnforma
I ILkU "tl° n address a. FV RECTAi
INSTITUTE. UlO Marvel
&*p VERY LATEST
frv Jffl Straizht Front,
V^-t j Hand-Made
•X SAPPHIRE
/111 CORSETS
*(C® $3.00 <¦ $15.00
zTW Gearu St.,
/'/ ' A !r\ CORNER KKARNT.
A>^V V ' CHESTER F. WRIGHT,
N^L^A Royal Worcester Cor-
• . set-Flttlne Parlors.
Ol HP nnif 1 I Corner roarU* at*
I RLL Ul IV A I Market. B. T. .Try
lUrr Kill 111 <>»" BP*c««i Br«w
UHI L IIUInL Steam and La«*r.
Will la 1 1 \J 11 1 k- Be . overcoats and
VaJUts casdted ma.
Death of John Malone.
CRESCENT CITY, April 14— John Ma
lone of this city, brother of ¦ County Re
corder W. F. M alone, Is dead.
K?*^- 1 ' j t^v* ? Tf O A f\ 9^\ ' ' ' \f/\ 111 1 e^HspD^sMs^s>fi>B *
CAPITAL STOCK $300,000. >^\ %
jfTjd >\. PAYS DIVIDENDS \j^^
?r>e^- FORTUNES
ACRES .^^^ yy^T IN OTHER
CHOICE OIL OIL FIELDS.
LAND IN THE - 1 *- PRODUCING
NEWHALL OIL PROPERTIES IN
DISTRICT. >CeV*^^ LoS ANGELES,
VVV .^^ WRITE FOR '£ /%
K^^^ «^F MAPS AND PROSPKCTUS. /j/%/ j/%
y\r^rww& 897, parrott BUiLDiNa^iwjitv;
r RliW FRANCISCO. CAU
Pach nr <8» Send 5j is stamps fsi
?v . ;„¦ lV l* 1 1 ili i i (fhi lii 1 1 1 1 1 l!t rt postage for us*
llttle-at-a-time. *»*«•
FiAR OUTFITS!
IbH Guaranteed to be the finest and the cheapest
i made. Of oak, curly redwood or mahogany,
H with beveled mirrors. 'Alt fitted throughout j
H with nickel trimmings. Made any length.
I The J. Noohan Furniture Co.
H < '•;¦ (INCORPORATED). j
1 .:• 1017-1023 Mission St., Above Sixth, a
B MONK SOUTH t*. 9AM FttANCISCO. U
26
A T>VEB.TxajjM!KiM xs>»
I nriex. Horse. Age. T
UCS7) Theory. 4 ¦
(1069) True Blue, 6...
M 7 Gold Bujr. a...
1063 Mike Rice. a..
1087 Beau Monde. 5
IC«S Rosalbra, 6
1078 Negligence, 5..
1007 Polka. 4
Weight. |St.
.-. 126*1
..131 6
121 4
126 5
5 124 3
123 2
124 7
118 S
__U
_3*_
1 2
2H
4 1
X 1
3 4
X 1
7 1
g
X
1 2
2 5
S 1
B 1
4 1
B H
7 1.
8
Str.
1 l
2 5
3 1
4 1
5 2
6 2
7 1
8
I [Bettlnsr.
Fin. I Jockey. |Op. Cl.
1 1 . Knos "l 11-10
2 4 K. noB».. 7-5 6-5
3 3 OBrlen 50 200
4 M Olover ........ f.O li»
ft 4 Macklln 20 30
6 2 Ames 20 3^>
7 1 Kellas 100 20^
8 Bass) nger ¦ ... I 50 100
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. lSt/»
1069 Ella Boland. 3 «7j 3
1078 Ksplrando. 5 103 4
1078 Morlnea. 5 103 t
(1074) Morelia, 3 91 5
3SB I Don't Know. a. ...103 2
10S1 Matt Hogan, 3 , W>l 7
1078 Bonlbel. *....'. M| 6
lj
_%
1 h
2>i
6 h
« 2
3 2
7
X
1 2
2 4
3 2
4 f>
5 1
B 2
Str.
1 2
2 2
4 6
3'h
5 1
fi 4
Fln_^
1 3 .
• 2 n
3 3
4 8
5 2
6 3
7
1 . Jockpy. |Op. Cl.
. Ranch 7-10 7-li>
Henry 7-2 7-2
MorKan 14
H. Stuart 20 75
Mounce 60 100
Johnson 15 35
Loeue ICO 200
Index. Horse. Ago. Weight. (St.
1081 Mort^mse. 3 90 ~S
VHI The Frett-r, 4 103 fi
1072 Flamora. 3 98 3
1077 Cataetropb<\ 6 110! 4
ICS2 Dr. Sheppard, 6 116! 2
1070 Don tvuis. a 94 I
1090 l'oorlande. 4.... M 5
10S7 El Mldo, 4 97j 7
7 1
5 3
3 h
4 h
2 1
6 4
1 h
' S
4
7 10
2 h
3 1
1 h
5 2
62
4 V%
8
%
6 2
3 1
22
1 n
4 h
6 2
7 15
S
Str.
2 h
4 3.
3 h
1 4
(5 3
7 3
8
Fin. | Jockey. IQp. CX
1 1 Ranch 3 5-2
2 n E. Hops 6 6
3 h Jfounce 3 4
4 5 Henry 6-5 7-S
5 5 Buchanan 4 f.
6 4 Fauntleroy ... 20 50
7 4 J. Da1y. ....... I 30 101
8 Gaffney I 30 130
In<lei. How*. Weight. | St.
(1059) Sofala 120 2
1059 Diderot ....110l 1
Ji>s<t Impromptu .1111 4
1039 St. Rica.... 115|3-
Va
1 n
2 3
4
3 2
% Str. Fin. I Jockey. |Op. Cl.
14 14 11 Henry 2-5 1-3
2 4 2 4 2 1 Ruiz 5-2 3
3 3 3 1 3 3 Knos 10- 9
4 .4 .4 I^ogue .......:. * •
Index. Hor>e. Age. \Ve|ght.|St. »-j H %_
6R9 r*dy MeiVles'me. 4. 97) 1 11 2 1 1 i
10S4 Oaunt>t. 4 ..107 fi 7 Sh 31,
(10S4) fillvor Tone, 4........110 3 8 1 « \i 5 1
1084 Wyoming:, a.-. 10S 4 3 1 1 h Jl
1084 Castake, 5 10<! 2 2 h 4 1 4 1
1018 Alaria. 4.. ....'..:.::'. 97 7 4h 5h fl2
1039 Lavator. 4. . ............ S9| 5 6h 7 7
Str. Fin. | Jockey. |Op. Cl.
lv, 11 ißanch 13-5 3
2 2 2 h Morsan « • 9
c~41 : S2 Knos 2 3
3H 4M. Buchanan .... 3 11-2
S 2 5 4 Ames .../..... 6 10
<! 'i 'fi 1 Fauntleroy ... 8 11-2
7 7 Holmeg 8 10
Index. Home. Age. , Weight. |St._
1079 Cromwell, a.. 1 ..... '..vi 7
10S1 Terrene. 4.. 97 1
903 New Moon. a. 101 2
104S Ponico. 6 ....10s 1 <
1067 Mlkr Soak. 5.... 101 5
901 Stuttgart. 4.... 101 6
10fi3 Melkarth. 6 ....103 3
1073 Be Happy, 5....... ..101 10
915 Charles U>. 8e1. 6.. ..103 4
IM7 Billy McClOßkey. a..lofi 9
938 Inverary 11. 5.. ......103 11
.- ..-.Vi -
. 5 2 i
. '<"!¦%:
21 4
; 4 h'
8 h
6V4
3 h
9 2
Jl.
10 10
11
_}4_
5 h
2 H -
1 2
C 1
7 H
8 3
4 1
9 2
3 1
10 10
11 __
4 T~
2 3
l H
7 1
B H
5 2
6 1
10 10
3 1
9H
11
Str.
3 2
1 H
21
5 1.,
< H ';
6 1
7 1
.9
8 1.
10 8
11
Fin. I Jockey. [Op. - '
1h: Fauntleroy ...I 4
2 n Ranch :.....:..[ 6
3 1." Buchanan .... 5
4 h Enoa ...: 6
. h M J. Daly... 10
6 2 Henry..... 8-5
7 1 Mounce ....... 10
8 H Oaffney 8
9 S Baselngrer .... , 5
10 15 Golden 20
11 Helngon ...... 10-
Cl.
s
10
6
20
30
1
40
12
15
60
13THIS WILL BE A PINK
AND WHITE WEDDING
sations . by the evidence there
and the lack of evidence that
is not there. For Collector
Jackson there can be no \ eva
sion. His challenge has been
accepted, for public policy de
mands < its acceptance.
THE expose of the ring which Is
flooding this city . and State with
coolies .has/assumed sensational
proportions. .The officials at Wash-
Ington have ' been apprised of the
developments ; and express no sur-,
prise. They place , entire responsibility
upon Ihe shoulders of } Collector of the
Port Jackson and declare that he and, his
methods have been under consideration
for. some time. These officers at Wash
ington ¦ have ¦ viewed ; ,with- alarm the enor
mous increase in the admission of. coolies
and ; the- expose. of The } Call has f brought
the f affair, to a' climax.f <The'j national offi
cers; have as yet only jan outline of the
character of ; the : conspiracy which , has
brought, vast • wealth Uo the conspirators
and 'danger.: to the people of California, 6 .'
V' From • Washington . comes i the . startling,
information that Collector Jackson asked
that '"concessions ' be 'granted Vto ; transpor-
sensational incident which has happened
during the administration of Collector
Jackson, and which the Collector has very
carefully kept from the^ public, although
it is of great public It is noth
ing less than the fact that Collector Jack
son filed with the. Secretary of the Treas
ury serious charges preferred by, local
Chinese merchants against Dr. John E.
Gardner, the interpreter of the Chinese
Bureau and one of the admittedly honest
men in the service. The charges were
preferred last May and no action has been
taken upon them. They never were press
ed, as they never were intended to be.
They were intended as a menace and a
threat to Dr. Gardner to be held over his
head and if possible make him relax in his
fidelity to his duty.
The accusations were the product of a
nlot. the details of which The Call is fa
miliar with and will outline. Dr. Gardner
has been for many years a stumbling
block in the way of the Chinese ring, and
An Exciting Contest With Rifles and Muskets on
Lnc 3iidi lYiuunu Kangc.
COLLECTOR JACKSON SHOULD
DEMAND AN INVESTIGATION
Inspectors Ac
cused of Levy
ing Blackmail
on a Returning*
Chinese on the
Steamer China.
SAN FRi\JSrCISCO,SUOT)AY, APRIL 15, 1900.
UNIVERSITY SHOOTING TEAM
DEFEATS POLICE MARKSMEN
' ?A? i* INK and » white wedding • will be
Jl \\ that celebrated at the main altar
Jl — 1\ in St-'Domlnlck's , Church, • corner
of Bush> and< Steiner Streets, to
morrow evening, iwhen iWllliam A. Lange
and Miss. Grace 'A. Glselman. will Join
their 1 hearts 'and 'hands.. '.", ;_
' The . marriage - ceremony ' will • be per
formed by > Rev. Father O'Rourke. Th©
bride's gown, will be of .white satin, with
long court- train. She will* carry >Bt.
Joseph lilies, tied with white tulle. The
maid of- hdnor will be Mlss^A. , Verdon.
who. will vwear a gown of pink silk and
pink tulle, and will carry pink roses. The
groom will be attended by - his brother,
Charles Lange, of Port Townsend. as b#st
man. - ¦
The ushers are to be Messrs. Frank If.
Kerrigan, James P.tSweeney. H. L. Day.
N. H. Eaton. J.M# Sullivan and W. Mc
¦Laln. After the nuptials have been cele
brated the wedding party will be driven
to; the Glselman residence at 1720 Golden
Gate avenue, where. a reception will be
held, r . '-:i-V? •¦¦¦¦-¦¦'
Mr. and Mrs. Lange - will depart for
the southern part of the State, where the
.honeymoon will be passed, and on their
return will reside In the beautiful home
now being erected for them In the same
block .as the residence of .. the bride's
parents.
Mr. Lange was for many years the best
known baseball player on. the Eastern
field. Last year <he announced his retire
ment from the game.
The bride to be is the daughter of "Wil
liam Glselman. the well-known capitalist
and trustee) of the Hastings estate.
SOME OF THOSE WHO PLAY PARTS IN THE CHINESE SCANDAL. I
a "committee" of Chinese merchants ask
ed Collector Jackson to order an imme
diate investigation of the interpreter's
misconduct. There were eleven specifica
tions to the accusation*, but for nearly a
year the department at Washington has
not seen fit to investigate any of them,
although Dr. Gardner has been constantly
on duty.
This committee charged him with of
ficial misconduct, in that he willfully mis
translated Chinese written instruments to
the prejudice of Chinese applicants; that
he willfully misinterpreted answers given
by Chinese applicants to questions asked
by inspectors; that he had made an un
reasonable and unlawful search of tha
persons of Chinese applicants for admis
sion; that he had made an unreasonable
and unlawful search of houses, stores,
rooms and homes of Chinese witnesses;
that he had Intimidated and misled Chi-
tatlon companies in the Chinese trade and
traffic when the Government.. suspected
that certain companies were in th«» busi
ness of supplying coolies for transporta
tion to this port. The daring operations
of the local ring have therefore created
suspicion at Washtneton, but nothing
definite happened until The' Call ex
posed the plot, related in detail the
organization and- operation of the
ring, and revealed .the tremendous
consequences of thirty-four • months
of evil in a service that the peo
ple of this city demand shall be absolutely
and safely guarded. The character of the
gigantic scheme, the names of the
schemers and the results of their schem
ing are well known, and the national au
thorities should order an Investigation,
which Collector Jackson professes to in
vite. The sensational dispatch from
Washington is as follows:
WASHINGTON. April 14.— The respon
sibility for the admission of Chinese into
the United States through San Francisco
is placed by the Treasury Department
upon John P. Jackson as Collector of the
Port at. that city. An. official who dis
cussed the matter to-day said that In a
communication received at the depart
ment from Mr. Jackson the Collector said
in substance, that in connection with the
admission of Chinese the transportation
companies should be, considered. The de
partment has reason to believe that the
steamship lines connecting San Francisco
with the Far East have agents In China
who induce Chinese to come to this coun
try.. From what the department officials
say, Mr. Jackson apparently believes that
the Government should not put the com
panies to any unnecessary hardships in
the way of compelling them to return at
their own expense natives denied admis
sion. While it is not understood that the
department contemplates taking any ac
tion upon the allegations made with ref
erence to Mr. Jackson, there Is reason to
believe that his official acts are . being
closely scrutinized.
The act of August IS, 1894,. provides that:
"In every case where an alien Is excluded
from admission into the United States un
der any, law or treaty now existing or
hereafter made, the decision of the ap
propriate immigratfon officers, if adverse
to the admission of such alien, shall be
final.. unless reversed on appeal to the
Secretary of the Treasury." This act
makes the officer of- the port the final
judge of the right of an immigrant- to ad
mission, and the practice of the depart-,
ment recognizes this fact. There have
been cases of appeal brought to the at
tention of the department,. and Mr. Jack
son has been generally sustained. Cases
of persons who are admitted cannot, of
course, come before the department, as
there is no one to take an appeal.
About a year ago the department .re
organized Mr. Jackson's office and . as
signed to it some of the ablest men of the
Inspection service. They have been very
careful in investigating the case of each
Chinese immigrant, but their work has
come to naught, because of Mr. Jackson' 3
determination to act "upon his personal
examination of witnesses. Investigations
made by ; treasury inspectors In 1898. in
which customs officers at fall- ports except
San : Francisco heartily co-operated, re
sulted ;in • a material reduction in . the
number, of admissions.
At Malone, N. V., for instance, where
f rom '¦¦¦ July. 1, 1893, to December 31, 201
Chinamen had been \ admitted and - 29 . had
been 1 rejected, during the remainder, or
that fiscal year 24 only were admitted and
14 • rejected.; There was no such •- striking
decrease, ¦'¦ however, .at San Francisco.
During .the i first i half : of ' the ' fiscal year
1893 1405 Chinamen were admitted at this
port and 424 .were denied admission. Dur
ing, the -latter • half of the same year 140
were admitted and; 172 ' were rejected."
There ; has. however, ; been . a slight , reduc
tion in the ; number, of admissions -at < San
Francisco. I During the fiscal year of 1893
3037 of the 'exempt class and 655 laborers
were ; admitted." During.' the ; fiscal year
1899 2543 -of jjthel exempt class, and 1052 la
borers" were permitted i'to enter, and during'
the first eight months. of the present fiscal
year; 2085 of the exempt class have * been
granted admission and 810 have been ' re
fused.entrance.*::. -, ;
.'News comes also from -Washington of a
<• — 1| 3 HE University of California rifle
?team defeated the San Francisco
II : police rifle team by a score of 419 to
. _.. 413 yesterday, at the Shell Mound
range. The -.. conditions were ten
men to each team, ten shots to each
man, 200- yards on the Blunt target. Each
team was allowed to shoot the rifle in ¦
general use by its company. The police
entered the contest armed with the 44.40
Winchester repeaters, while the students
shot the Springfield musket.
Both organizations lined up for the con
test with confidence, and all through
there was but little advantage on either
side. Smith Carr and Harry Hook, the
veteran shots of the police, held up well,
but some of the others lost their grip and
went to pieces. Some of the" university
boys seemed to get rattled as the con
test progressed.
Excitement ran high when W. Frick
stad of the University of California and
F. C. Howard of the police entered the
shooting stall for their scores. In truth,
the match hung on their work. The uni
versity boy, who has been shooting but a
year, showed that the strain was great,
but he held himself together and defeated '
Howard by eight points, as well as mak
ing the highest score of the day — 47 out of
a possible 50. • This gave the university
team the victory by six points.
C. H. Gorrill engineered the student
team to success, while Ed Leonard acted
as chief for the police. Captain Baldwin
of the army officiated as referee.
At the conclusion of the contest the
students invited their guests to Berkeley,
where they served the best banquet that
Berkeley could afford. The scores made
follow: • >
UNIVERSITY TEAM.
W. H. Hilton 43 4 4544444— 40
J. A. Pearce : 1 4 455445454— 44
E. Oliver... ..' 5 3 44454444— 41
H. Bradley....*. 34444 4 44 4 4— 33
I. B. Rhode : 4444 434454— 40
D. T. Baker 3 & 53444544— 41
E. B. Harley 3 5 4 4 4 5 4 4 4 4—41
C. H. Tracy..: 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 5 4 4—41
N.Vanderbilt. .....3 4 5 5 5 5 5 44 5—45
W. Frlckatad 4554554555— 47
Total 419
SAN FRANCISCO POIJCE TEAM.
T. A. Atchlnson 4443444454— 40
J. W. Fleming 4334454455— «
S. Carr 4554554455— 46
C. E. Fennel 4544544434— 41
Harry Hook 544435545 4 43
O. C. Phillips 445 ~4 435435— 41
J. B. Cavanaugh 4424555435— IX
W. W. Wilson 54444. 45445— 43
F. C. Howard 5434444344— 39
W. H. Burkholder 2444444345— 3S
» Total 4i3
W. FRICKSTAD.
SMITH CARR.
Baseless Accu
sations Against
Inspector Gard :
ncr by Power
ful Members of
the Ring.
Sensational Developments
at Washington Promise
New Disclosures
in the Custom-
House Scandal.
Pages 27 to 361
.^.^-^-^ ..... .... ?
Pages 27 to 36
that the Treasury Department
of the United States has ;
neither the time nor the -in- -
clination to make an invest!- -
gation of the outrages under ~
his administration in the land- I
'ing of Chinese, The Call agrees -
to make the investigation and "
pay whatever expense may be ."!
involved. The matter is one
, of serious import to the people "h
of this city and' State. Thou-
sands upon thousands of cool- 1
ies are being landed at this H
port. A clique of dishonest H
lawyers are thriving upon an j
outrageous .traffic. Coolie cit-
izens are being made by the .4
hundred every, month, and it
is time to call a halt. q
Collector -." Jackson' '-.is asked - -4
therefore to : fulfill his . chal- H
lenge and submit the records -1
of the Chinese; Bureau to in-
'spection. And' when* he 'does .'A
The Call will prove - its accu- A
lenge of Collector John P.
Jackson. It defies him to de
mand an investigation of the
Chinese traffic under' his ad
ministration, and if he ac
cepts the challenge this paper
will prove its accusations. The
Call dares Colonel Jackson to
demand an investigation of
the Chinese traffic during
his . term, and if he ac
cepts the answer to' his
own challenge this paper
will sustain its charges. • The
Call denes Colonel Jackson to
submit to an investigation by
the Treasury . Department and
produce certain records which
he should have -in . his office
and of : which this" paper' will
ask inspection. His challenge
has' been • answered and he
dare not submit to an investi
gation which he pretends to
inyite v £-¦;',; ,7 .'
If Colonel Jackson discovers
THE CALL has exposed the
gigr.ntic Chinese ring
•whose operations in this city
have resulted, during the thir
ty-four months of the term of
Collector of the Port John P.
Jackson, in the landing of
10,000 Chinese and the crea
tion of 3000 citizen coolies,
an appalling record that every
arriving vessel from China in
creases. Collector Jackson, in
reply to this startling expose of
an outrage that is without par
allel in the history of the United
States, says: "I challenge
investigation into each and
every transaction down to ths
minutest detail, and the man
xi-ho charges me with any sin
ister purpose, sordid motive,
personal interest or partiality,
*¦•» any lawyer or any China
man, or any other person,
tells what is basely false."
The Call accepts the chal-
Continued on. Page Twenty-Eight.
WASHINGTON, April 14.— The responsibility for the admission of Chinese
into the United States through San Francisco is placed by the Treasury De
partment upon John P. Jackson, as Collector of the Port at that city. An
official who discussed the matter to-day said that In a communication re
ceived at the department from Mr. Jackson, the Collector said In substance
that in connection with the admission of Chinese the transportation ¦ com
panies should be considered. The department has reasons to believe that
the steamship lines connecting San Francisco with the Far East have
agents In China who induce Chinese to come to this country.
From what department officials say, Mr. Jackson apparently believes that
the Government should not put the companies to any unnecessary hard
ships In the way of compelling them to return, at their own expense, natives
denied admission. While it is not understood that the department contem
plates taking any action upon the allegations made with reference to Mr.
Jackson, there is reason to believe that his official acts are being very close
ly scrutinized. ; V
8 t? a
OS >™ Event Xo. 3. O<
»| 8 3 Delicacy. g3
name. . it H TF^TT? ?•=
ES 111*8 J! t* s?
: a r* v
Tounp 91 ?8-0 87.8 73.4 50.5 j ....
Brothcrton .... 106 79.4 83.4 65.4 75.101 51.0
Ixivett US M.» 91-* W.« M.O I 73.1
Brooks 92 72.4 80.0 58.4 C 9.2 I ....
Golcher .-. 56.0 SS.B 72.S 80.7 ....
Muller *).8 74.4 73.4 73.10 ....
BattU 87.0 59.4 62.6 75.11 53.4
Kverett 59.4 56.4 66.8 76.6
Skinner 81.8 84.4 68.4 76.4 ES.O
Carr 93.4 52.8 75.10 84.3 53.1BRYAN'S RUNNING MATE.
Fusion Leaders Gathering to Discuss
the Vice Presidency.
BLACKFOOT, Idaho. April 14.— Former
Senator r>uboip, chairman of the execu
tive committee of the National Silver
Republican party, left for the East to-day.
His visit Is for the purpose of consulta
tion with the leaders of the National De
mocracy and Populists regarding proper
combinations In the various State?. He
will head th<* delegation, to Kansas City
on July 4. Dubols is satisfied that sat
isfactory arrangements will be made for
the nomination of a Vice President for
the Democrats. Silver Republicans and
Populists through a conference commit
tee of the three parties.
LONG WOULD ACCEPT.
WASHINGTON. April J 4.— Referring to
thf upp of his name In connection with the
Vice Presidential nomination. Secretary
J..onc: i? paid to have informed a number
of his friends to-day that if the nomina
tion were tendered to him he would accept
it. He told them that the honor was of
t-uch a character that no man could well
refuse to accept it. and expressed high
appreciation of the compliment implied in
the manner in which his name has al
rcadv been brought forward In that con
nection.
ADVEHTISEMETiTS.
Davis Case Postponed.
Special Dlspatoh to The Call
WOODLAND. April 14.— J. H. Davis,
charged with violating the anti-pool ordi
nance, is not likely to be brought to trial
soon. When the case was called in Judge
Rupglcs' court to-day a certificate was
read from Dr. 11. Logan of San Francisco,
setting forth that "J. H. Davis is now
under my care and suffering from an at
tack of rheumatism, and that he Is unable
to leave San Francisco or do any traveling,
on that account." Under these circum
stances nothing could be done but to
continue the case indefinitely, and the
court made s'lch an order.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 15, 1900.
afilece for landing these women In San
Francisco. When Dick Williams was run
ning the Chinese Bureau in the Custom
house these women were landed tr> tho
average number of twenty per month.
It will be seen from the forcgoinsr that &
very simple test will develop whether a
woman asking permission to land is tha
wife of a merchant or an imported slave.
No Chinese merchant goe3 to the boat
People for a wife. She U taken out of his
own class, born as he was. under th«
Confucian philosophy, a worshiper of
her ancestor?, and will be the wtt« of a
Merchant Th er e 1, no difficulty at an ia
absolutely demonstrating whether a Chi
nSe female who demands landing belongs
To tVe boat people, or to the cl<-uj 3 from,
which the Chinese merchants take their
W ThT intelligent application of this test'
will do complete justice under -the bwr
and the treaty to the merchant class, and
will at the same time prevent taking cor
rr U pt advantage of the right which be ong,
[o the merchant for the purpose of land
'"lhe^tntlorcery at all to be used la
ascertaining whether theso 3 be
long to the boat people or not. and as 99
per cent of the Chinese females outside .of
China who are leading vile lives are
drawn from the boat people. **<***?*
them will do justice, and a P^per dis
crimination will be Just also to the mer
chant class. •¦*_
WeeHy Gan,sl.oo DsrYeap
Time— >.4 :26>4: Vt tflU: *>*. I'i'l mile. l:4Stf. Bad start. Won first three driving. Winner.
B. W. 'Purocr'a eh. h.. by imp. St. Blalse-FUvina. Cromwell, while away below form/ out
gamed Terrene. Stuttgart no speed, i Charle» Le : Bel quit early.
• -.¦-¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ -¦¦¦¦¦ ¦.. -
1007. SIXTH RACE — One mile; selling; four-year-olds and upward; purge, J4OO.
OA CHICHESTCR'S C7IQUSH
Pennyroyal pslls
irfii^^ . tor C»«CH£STEK-S KXGU3H
*i «Sl^lT? hWo#rtb ' ) '"- T-k « "••ther. RtftiM
E ™°k *Vl «»n«*r»»« "oh.UtuUon. and Imlta.
m «•"•• Boy »f j«ir OranUt. «¦ mat\ 4e. la
t\ «» m^» *"• P»rtl*«l»ns TothnonUU
FT * Bd s*°*' tmr tMtimmf im Uaar, >y T*-
h _ tmrm Mali. !•».««« Tt«-Jmnoi»l«. S»ull)7
MoUo.tmp.ptr. M*dl««a 8q Bar «, PHILA.. vZ
I No lying about I
5 the merit of CASCARETS. Millions use them and tell their *«
** friends how pood they are. We want to give back the purchase «
• price to anyone who fails to {jet satisfaction from the use of "^
£ Js^jjL%& CANDY CATHARTIC^ £
r* Ebß flri^nQ «^^^^^ /^v& l&^Tßa dJw^Eik vHk \i^St^ '»
£ ESS Vav Ira w vßk am MSI fSSf wSk. b tS SS El M ¦ j
* i
£ Now that sounds like a liberal offer, but these single 10c sales alone 9
jf don't count for success. It's your cure and your (food word for ? ff
£ Cascarets that will make them famous in the future as in the 9
y past. Start with a box today. 10c, 25c, 60c, all druggists. Free j£
J sample and booklet. Address Sterling Remedy Co., Chgo. or N.Y. $
\ Best for the Bowels I
HUM. THIRD RACE— One mile: handicap; three-yrar-oldF and upward: purse. $400.
A eood ram's calf sho<» for $1 50 a pair at
the Bee Hive Shoe Co.. 717 Market st. •
THE CALL'S RACING CHART
(Copyright, 1900,
by H. H. Egbert.)
TANFORAN PARK, Saturday. April 14. i;Mo.— Weather tint. Track fast
Yale to Send a Team Abroad.
CHICAGO. April 14— The University of
Chicago will send a track team of five
athletes across the Atlantic this summer
The Old Government Whisky Bottled
at the Distillery.
Not merely stimulating, but nourishing;
not a nerve killer, but a true nerve tonic*
nese applicants and witnesses; that he
had made false statements of testimony
given by Chinese applicants to witnesses;
that he had been officious in his interfer
ence with the private affairs of others;
that he had used the power of his ofllce
to punish his enemies and assist his
friends; that he had- colored his testimony
In the investigation of cases growing out
of Chinese immigration: that he had with
held testimony advantageous to Chinese
applicants for admission.
If these charges had been made In good
faith they would have been pressed long
ago. But they were not made in good
faith. The "committee" was the agent of
the Pacific Mail Steamship Company, and
the motive of the charges was to Intimi
date, the interpreter, whose conduct had
been and is above reproach. £
The expose of the plot to Import whole
sale to this city Chinese slaves has added
another startling phase to the outrageous
traffic In coolief. Dealing in women slaves
has been an exceptionally profitable busi
ness to those who engage in it. While the
risk is great the profit Is also great and
some of the local slave dealers have made
enormous fortunes from It. When the
United States Supreme Court, therefore,
opened a comparatively easy avenue for
the importation of unforunate women the
slave dealers were not slow to accept It.
But in the decision of the Supreme Court
there Is a certain justice.
Chinese merchants should be permitted
to bring their bona fide wives Into this
country, -for nothing Is more cruel and
opposed to all right views of social policy
than to prohibit them the company of
thnlr bona fide wives. It Is to be lamented,
however, that the corruption and greed of
the American officials and the avarice of
the Chinese, themselves will make -use
of this right, to bring the bona flde wives
into this country as a means of Import
ing Chinese slave women to the vile pur-
to take part In the international Olym
pian games at Paris • and the English
championship events in London. This
was decided by the authorites at the
university to-day and Director Stagg was
given complete authority to carry out the
plans.
presslve style by Mortgage, a 90 pounder,
also carrying the Burns & Waterhouse
colors. The filly was last away of the
eight starters, and down the backstretch
looked out of it. Entering the stretch
Ranch gave his mount her head, winning
almost easily from The Fretter. Flamora
finished third, a head before the favorite.
Catastrophe.
After a long spell of retirement, due to
a quarter crack, Andy- Blakeley's mare
I^ady Meddlesome reappeared ai a Ftarter.
She went to the post one of the choices
for the mile selling run. and though given
a mild rub by Gauntlet was returned an
easy winner. looking dangerous at one
stage. Wyoming was downed for the show
by Silver Tone.
Schreiber's lumbering horse Stuttgart
caused a plunge in the final number and
did not phnw speed enough to beat himself
after being played to even money favor
itism. Cromwell, with Fauntleroy up and
6 to 1. disposed of Terrene at the wire by
a length.
COLLECTOR JACKSON
DEMANDS
INVESTIGATION,
Continued From Pag* Twenty-Seven.
WESTERN STAKE
ADDED TO THE
LIST BY SOFALA
Diderot the Only Starter
Able to Give the Filly
an Argument.
Four Winning Favorites at Tanforan
Park — Ella Boland and Mort
gage Score for Burns &
Waterhouse.
Bookmaker Barney Schrelber's wizard
filly Sofala has begun to be looked upon
as well nigh infallible in these parts; In
fact so much so that only a trio of young
sters took up the Issue with her for the
Western stake at Tanforan yesterday.
Two of these— Diderot and St. Rica— ran
coupled, representing Atkin & Lottrldge,
while J. Naglee Burk again tried the fast
but unlucky Impromptu. The distance
was live furlongs, and under the condi
tions Sofala got in with 120 pound?, five
pounds less than she carried in the Geb
hard handicap. She was installed a2to 5
choice, and, as in most of her former per
formances, led throughout, beating Dide
rot a length in 1:01 Va- Impromptu, a slow
beginner, took the small end of the prize.
The value of the stake to the winner was
51820.
Cromwell, In the last, was the only high
priced -winner of the day, the other events
going to four favorites and a second
choice.
Dan Honlg's fast mare Theory proved a
good repeater by picking up 126 pounds
and taking the opening five and a half
furlong sprint in an ordinary gallop. She
closed a slight choice over True Blue, and
led from the jump. The latter finished in
the place four lengths ahead of Gold Bug,
a 200 to 1 outsider.
Klla Boland, the recent purchase of
Burns & Waterhouse. enjoyed an easy
thing of It in the six furlong run follow
ing. A 7 to 10 choice, the filly galloped her
company to a standstill, leading Esper
ando over the mark a quarter of a dozen
lengths. Morlnga ran third.
The mile handicap was captured In lm-
poses which are the sole reason for their
coming to this country.
There Is, however, a test which may be
readily applied that will infallibly dis
tinguish the bona fide wife of a Chinese
merchant from the class of women Im
ported for vile uses. Many generations
ago during the civil uprising in China a
woman connected with the palace and the
ruling dynasty was outraged by one of
the boat people. These boat people num
ber many millions, who for ages have
lived on boats on the great rivers of
China. They formed, by reason of their
method of life and calling, a distinct class
before this occurrence of which a lady of
the royal family was the victim. At the
time of this outrage the Chinese Govern
ment entered a perpetual decree that all
the boat people should, from that time
on, be of no family and entirely separ
ated from the Confucian Philosophy, that
they should not be permitted to bury, on
land, but their dead should be thrown
Into the water. Of course, ancestor wor
ship was denied to them and the keeping
of the records of their families was for
bidden. It was also decreed that all
females born to the boat people should
be by law dedicated to prostitution from
their birth.
When age overtakes these women they
are compelled to row the boats on the riv
ers, do all the drudgery and the menial
and servile work: and their earnings are
so Bmall in the Infamous calling to which
the law dedicates, them that they must
perform this drudgery and' menial labor
In order that they may exist at all.
For this reason they like to leave China.
They are sold by their parents or sell
themselves to exporters, and they are sent
to the Straits Settlements, Australia, the
Philippine Islands, the United States.
Mexico and all other places where there
are large colonies of Chinese coolies. As
a rule they are better fed, sheltered and
dressed abroad than they are in China.
Their earnings also are larger and after
a few years they are able to purchase
their freedom by repaying to their owners
their original price and the cost of their
exportation. Their earnings thereafter
belong to themselves, and in a few years
they are able to accumulate sufficient
money to return to China and live without
performing drudgery.
Here, now. Is the basis of the trade In
Chinese female slaves; the anxiety of
the women themselves to go abroad and
the profit In exporting them gained by
their owners. Formerly the owners could
afford to pay as an official bribe $SOO
BLACKMAILED BY
THE INSPECTORS
A Chinese, Having a Bight to Laud*.
Forced to Pay for His
Liberty.
SACRAMENTO. April 14.— Fong Gem. a.
Chin*?* domestic employed for many
years in the household of a prominent
railroad official here, secured leave of ab
sence last October to enable him to visit
his parents in China. Some week 3 ago he
wrote a letter* to his employer here, desig
nating the date of his expected arrival in
San Francisco. In order that there should
be no slip in his arrival his employer, who
prizes him highly, requested former Har
bor Commissioner Chadbourne to have a
lookout for For.g Gem. The steamship
China was watched and also the Doric,
but Chadbourne returned word to his Sac
ramento frirnd that he hnd not located
the cook. The nomhers of the household
were astounded when For.g Gem subse
quently appeared and announced that he.'
had reached home on th<» China. He gave
the following story, which he repeated to
night:
"I secured my return papers in Sac
ramento before I left last October
and they were perfectly correct in
form and entitled me to my return.
After the China arrived in San Fran
cisco and I sought to land I was
asked by £n official for $40. I tcld
him that I had my papers, and pro
duced them. 'HelV said th? oficial,
'if you haven't anything better than
that you will be ssnt b.ick to China
damned quick. Give me $40.*
"I trlt that I was beinT rlnfraiuled, but I
thousht that I woulil have to do as ha
said, so at la.«t I compiled. He gave mo
a receipt, but before I got ashore another
official a?ked mo to show my receipt for
the W>. I showed it to him arl he kept it.
All thia time nobody asked me to show
my return paper?, maac on* by a firm of
Sacramento lawyers last October, and^ I
kept them in rr.y pocket all the timf*."
Fonc GeTn la a Chinaman ot excellent
rharartrr and to well known here. Both
himself and uncle have for years held per
manent positions with prominent families.
He is 24 years old.
SAUSALITO, April 14.— Rarely does
the clerk of the weather deign to
provide as cloudless skies and
glassy seas as greeted the opening
of the San Francisco Yacht Club's
season here to-day. The opening was, as
usual, celebrated with a reception and
dance in the club's boathouse. Every
boat whose owner is a member of the San
Franciscos lay off the clubhouse, and the
yachtsmen vied with one another in the
display of bunting and the discharge of
nmall artillery.
them were: Schooners— Rover. R. B.
Flthlan; Lurline, John D. Spreckels; Ra
mona. W. N. McCarthy; Virginia, L- "•
Newhall; White Wings, W. Pierce; Out
ing, V. P. Buckley and Arthur Tanzie:
yawls— Tramalore, H. R. Simpkins; Phil
lip. C. Chlttenden; Nixie. J. I* Billings ;
Sappho, A. W. McKenzie; Rover, U. If-
Morrow; Angela, W. J. Wood; Cygnus, T.
L. Hill.
SAN FRANCISCO YACHT CLUB OPENS THE SUMMER SEASON.
CHAMPIONS
DEFEATED BY
LOCAL TEAM
Close Game at Recreation
Park That Suited tho
Fans.
To-E-ard the Zrd of the Match Harris'
Men Do Some Great Stick
Work Win •
. Out.
San Francisco 5, Sacramento 4.
tvjth Doyle In the box for the Cham-
9:ons and Iburg twirling for the local
team San Francisco won from Sacramento
yesterday afternoon at Recreation
prounds after a most interesting contest.
The first part of the game was all of a
Sacramento color, but the latter half be
lorped exclusively to Hank Harris' pets.
Hits were plentiful enough to keep the
ba'.l from gathering moss and the error
column shows a small pile of badly
played chances. The fielding was partic
ularly pood— in spots. Old warhorse Reub
was himself again and Hushes showed up
in good form at ripht. Three double plays
pave a thrill or two to the fluttering
hearts of the cranks in th» bleachers.
Dcvcreaus cut the ice in the !irst in
r.irg with a hit to rijrht and jogged to the
pecond station when Eagan walked to
first. Stanley came next and hit to Hee
?les. who threw Kagan out at second.
>evereaux going to third. The latter
scored on an attempt to catch Stanley
while stealing second.
Pacramemo began the second lr.r.lng
¦with a douhle-bapger Irom Hughes' bat.
Hanlon advanced Hughes a base, making
first in safety by some fast foot work.
only to perish at second on an attempted
BteaL Hujrhes crossed the rubber wfcen
SStultz f.ew to Rube Levy.
In the fourth inning Hughes singled to
right, was untouched at second on account
of a bad throw, which also gave the third
bag to h!m. Stanley came along with a
hit to Peeplcs. who did not even feei the
ball. Hughes crossing the rubber.
Josh Reilly opened the fifth inning with
a hot one that rolled against the left lield
fence and two bags was his reward. He
advanced a base en l'eep'.es' out end
scored when Iburg swatted a grounder to
Stultz. who did not get it. UrockhoJt fol
lowed with a hit to Eagan and beat the
ball to first, both himsetf and Iburg ad
vancing a bag on McCarthy's sacrifice.
Sacramento e:irn*"d a run in the lifth.
With two men in the cemetery Eapran
raade first en an error of Peeples'. who
played a passing show with Reilly at
eecond and scoring on Shanahan's double.
The local team woke up for" a minute or
two in the- sixth. Schwartz going to first
on a hit and scoring on the second double
by Josh Reilly. Peepies then drove the
ball to McLaughlin. who. after a long
chase, allowed the ball to slip out of his
hande, Reilly scoring.
The score was ti^d in the seventh.
IJrockhoff came In contact with the bail
just at th<> funny r.erve, went to the sec
ond resting place on McCarthy's sacrifice
and to third or. Krug's out. scoring oa a
tingle to right by HHdebrand.
. Full of thrills was the eighth, when
the locals took the lead and fixed the score
at 5-4. Reilly boat the ball to first and
Peeples followed with a double to right,
which Hughes misjudged. Then came
Iburg, who rolled out a bouncing ball to
Doyle and was sale at the Initial bag.
Brockhoff hit 10 far tenter. Reilly scoring
on the throw-in. The score:
PAN* FRANCI?ro.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Brnrkhoff. Cb 2 1 1 0 2 1 1
McCarthy, lb 3 0 0 0 13 1 0
Kruit. c. t a 0 <• 0 2 0 0
Hiirtrfcrand, r. t 4 0 2 0 1 1 8
LetT. 1. f r. (i ; a ?. 0 C
Schwartz, c 4 1 it 1 1 1 I
Kri:iy. ;b 4 S S 0 4 1 fi
P«-*>pl»«. m. c 4 0 1 0 fi S 2
Iburg. p 4 0 « 0 1 T 0
Totals 34 5 S 1 n 17 5
BACRAMHXTO.
AB R. BH. PH. PO. A. E.
Itc&aasUta. 1. f » •) o o 2 » l
Pevereaux. 2b 4 1 1 2 0 5 «
racan. c. f 2 110 3 3 1
Stanley, c < « 0 1 0 0 «
Phanahan. lb 4 fi l o 2 f> C
lluprhep. r. { 4 2 3 1 3 0 li
Hanlon. lb 4 0 1 1 14 10
Ptultz. 21» 4 <« 0 0 3 'J 1
licyle. p 4 0 0 0 0 3 1
Totals 3.-, 4 7 5 27 15 4
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Fan Francisco 9<f«01211 ft— s
Bay hits 01*12212 o—9
Sacramento 1 1 fl 1 1 0 0 » o—40 — 4
Bare hits 12112000 o—7
SUMMARY.
Run!" responsible for— lburg 1. Doyle 3. Two
ha»» hits — Hug-hes. HMUy 2. Shanahan. Vrepler.
Sacrifice hit*— McCarthy. Kanran. Hildebrand.
First tiase on «rrors— San Francisco 4. Sacra
mento 4. Flr»t base on culled balls— San Fran
<-;sco 2. Facramento 2. Left on bases— San Fran
cisco I>. Sacramento 1. Struck out — By Iburfc 1.
lilt r?y pitcher— BrockhofT. Double plays—
Stultz to Eairan to Hanlon; McCarthy to Reilly:
Hanlon to Kaean. Time of fame— l hour 45
minutes. Umpire— Jim McDonald. Scorer— J.
¦\V. Siai>leton.
1OJ»2. FIRST RACE— Five and a half furlonga: Felling; three-year-olds and up; purse. $400.
SENT FRK TO MEN
A Host Remapkabla Remedy Tbar
Quickly Restores Lost Vigor
to Men.
A Free Trial Package Sent by Mall
to All Who Write.
Free trial packages of a most remark-
able remedy are being mailed to all who
will write the State Medical Institute.
They cured so many men who had bat-
tled for years against the mental and!
physical Buffering of lost manhood that
the Institute has decided to dl3tiibuta
free trial packages to all who write. It
Is a home treatment, and all men who
suffer with any form of sexual weakness
resulting from youthful folly, prematura
loss of strength and memory, weak back,
varicocele or emaciation of parts can now,
cure themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, giving strength
and development just where It la needed.
It cures all the Ills and troubles that
come from years of misuse of the nat-
ural functions and has been an absolute
success In all cases. A request to th<»
State Medical Institute, 32S Elektron
building. Fort Wayne. Ind.. stating that
you desire one of their free trial pack-
ages will be complied with promptly. Tb«
Institute W desirous of reaching that
great class tf men who ar© unabla to
leave home to be treated, and the frea
tample will enable them to see how easy
It Is to be cured of sexual weakness when
the proper remedies are employed. The>
Institute makes no restrictions. Any man
who writes will be sent a free aample.
carefully sealed in a plain package. «o
that its recipient need hay« no fear ot
embarrassment or publicity. Readers ax*
requested to -write -without d»!ay.
CAPE NOME
TRANSPORTATION COMPANIES.
Time— 3-16, :IS%; "-)«>. :42U; 5%f, 1:W. Good utart. Won easily second and third driving.
Winner. D. A. Honlsr's b. f., by imp. Esher-Morninß Glory. With a better start True Blue
might have Riven winner an argument. Rosalbra no speed. Scratched— Maxello 123. Harry
Corby 118. Romany 118. Gold Baron 118.
IODR. SECOND RACK— Six furlongs; Belling; three-year-olds and upward: purse. $(00.
Time— M. :2t\i; ',4. :49: *4. l:W>i. Good start. Won easily, second and third driving. Winner,
Burnt; & WaterhouFe's b. f.. by Sam Lucas-Turquoise. Winner all the best. Esplrando ran
to form. Morella should have been third. Matt llogan ran out in stretch. Scratched—Fla
¦ inora t.">.
Time— U. :2'»H; %, :50; «i. 1:16: mile. 1:41%. Good Rtart. Won cleverly, second and third
driving:. Winner, Burns & Waterhouse'a b. f.. by Montana-Lottery. MorUrase pounds the
best; cut off at first turn and then ran around her field. Flamora a trifle stale. Catas
trophe not pood. Scratched — Gauntly X> L Opponent ICO.
IOO.T. FOURTH RACE— Five furlongs: Western Rtnkes: two-year-olds: value. $2470.
THE
ALASKA- EXPLORATION CO.
Will Dispatch tho Al Americaa
Steamship.
ZEALANDIA
(CAPACITY SOGO TONS)
IE II DIRECT.
Sailing from San Francisco
liflayJayMOO.
Special rates for freight and insuraae*.
Through passenger and freight lerrtc* to
Pawsoa and all points on Tuiccn Rlv#r.
TOT? ATAS7A PYPTnRATin^ Pfl
Illu iUiAOJin iiAfljU uiil lull UU.j
139 POST STREET.
Time— Mi. :12: %, :35H; %. 1:01%. Good etart. Won all out. second and third driving. Win
ner. B. Schre lber's eh. f.. by, Balgrowan-Apozea. Sofala had lost non» of her speed. Diderot.
Kros:i?y at stretch turn, came again, flnishins; gamely. Impromptu is a handy colt. 'Coupled
with Diderot. Scratched— Dunfree 115, Loyal S 108. Sacharold 115, Lucldla 113. Phil Archi
bald 111. « . _ _•____:_ -..--
KMHJ. FIFTH RACE— One mile; selling: four-year-olds and. upward: purse, $400.
™* NOME BEACH
DIRECT.
BARKENTINE CATHERINE STDDEN SAILS
APRIL IS. 1300.
For freleht rates apply to th» .
NOME BEACH LIGHTERAGE AND TRANS-
PORTATION COMPACT.
Ofllce: 4 California »t--
Time— %. :S6: H.":S<H4: '%.^1:15V4; mile, 1:424. Oood gtnrt. Won easily, second and third
driving. Winner A. O. Blakelpy'n b. f., by imp. Meddlesome-imp. little Lady. The Lady
•was trPnh and was never in difficulties. After : looking: dangerous Wyoming quit. Alaria
badly handled. Rcratc *l''ilTiri?lll!L!2LJ2i^LEi2Ji£i2-J2si^^
STRICTLY RELIABLE.
f^ DR. TALCOTT & CO.
JgKt.; SPECIALISTS FOR HEN ONLY.
vv -A^iJi/Vw ¦ ' r r le ' on Be st established and largest practice west of New York
-*<V (/ Nearly every case of so-called "weakness," such an Impotency".
(L/ Vv7 // Vf I-.ORses, Prematureness, Etc., is caused by chronic Inflammation
fp> \W // /> oi tne Prostate Gland, producing disordered function of the or-
\\ \ ftV/ // * an!V and !s NOT a WEAKNESS, but a SYMPTOM.
.-•¦¦ -\\ \J /J // We emphatically cure this class of cases In eight weeks. proT-
VV j / ' DX our assertion correct. Many men who have ¦ unsuccessfully
v . treated for a weakness will now understand the cause of failure.
We make a specialty of contracted disorders of MEN which have become chronic
from neglect or improper treatment. f
T . throw TARICOCELE
YS^PORTtfeS/ P URED m ONE WEEK
|L <&r : — -^ yy*jy At ou «* office, or four weeks of home
m '^7i ZER (l m treatment without operation, electric
' £/ Wm- V$W belt or suspensory. \v e have cured
¥k • ¦ -?** m over 2000 cases without a single failure
: «l AWAY 'm or unpleasant result. We invite cor-
«^ '/, -m- . respondence and fullest investigation of
• jm:. k our methods and reliability.
Ik WM^' : Office hours, 9a.m.to 9 p. m., Sun-
.'•W ¦¦-¥./¦'' ENTIRE UffEH FLOOR.
¦fcfc 997 MARKET STREET, Cor. Sixth.
ALAMEDA BOATING
CLUB'S NIGHT FIESTA
AC^AMEDA, April 14.— Gliding through
the dark waters of the tidal basin
last evening was a lons line of il
luminated boats, all crowded with
guests or the Alameda Boating Club. It
was a "moonlight picnic."
Leading the pageant was the powerful
little launch The King, and followinj,
came the graceful yachts the Star, the
Queen, Favorite, Ralph B, Lucille, Dream.
Flying Fish. Clover Leaf, Thelma. Spray.
Sloth, Major, Maude J, Defender. Hal
cyon, Ktoile and Flush. Tacked at the
end of these craft was a gross of bobbing
rowboats. Each boat was gayly deco
rated Nvtth vari-colored Chinese lanterns.
After the disembarkation the picnickers
assembled in the clubhouse and enjoyed a
refreshing collation. The lateness of the
hour did not permit of a programme, but
happy remarks were made by a few of t..e
club's officers, who were called upon by
Toastmaster W. B. Hinchman. .„
In charge of the successful picnic
were W. B. Hinchman, F. M. Hunter and
W. G. Hansen. The officers of the Ala
meda Boating Club are: Charles H. Smith,
president; Charles G. Pesoli. vice presi
dent; W. B. Hinchman, secretary: David
Greenleaf, treasurer; John Lewis, captain.
The bay during the afternoon was cov
ered by flitting boats conveying guests to
and from the receptions held by John D.
Spreckels on board the Lurline and by
Commodore McCarthy on the squadron's
flagship, the Ramona. The owners of the
various pleasure craft were busy during
the afternoon extending the hospitality of
their trim vessels and explaining nautical
terms to the inquiring fail* sex.
In the evening an informal hop was
plven In the ballroom over the clubhouse.
The scene presented in the ballroom was
unique and characteristic Numbers of
vari-colored signal flags draped tastefully
on ceiling: and walls gave a refreshing
tone of color, while the soft light shone
through masses of shrubbery on the mov
ing: forms of the dancers, the majority of
wnom wore yachting costumes. The
United States steamship McCulloch, the
Rush and the Mac Arthur .received their
full quota of visitors during the afternoon
and evening, large boat parties being
formed to visit tlio Government craft.
The opening of the present season gives
promise of an excellent summer's yacht
ins. That Interest In the sport has taken
an impetus was evidenced by the formid
able fleet of trim pleasure craft floating
at anchor off the Sausalito shore. Among
28
Index. Home. Age. , Weight. |St._
1079 Cromwell, a.. 1 ..... '..vi 7
10S1 Terrene. 4.. 97 1
903 New Moon. a. 101 2
104S Ponico. 6 ....10s 1 <
1067 Mlkr Soak. 5.... 101 5
901 Stuttgart. 4.... 101 6
10fi3 Melkarth. 6 ....103 3
1073 Be Happy, 5....... ..101 10
915 Charles U>. 8e1. 6.. ..103 4
IM7 Billy McClOßkey. a..lofi 9
938 Inverary 11. 5.. ......103 11
.- ..-.Vi -
. 5 2 i
. '<"!¦%:
21 4
; 4 h'
8 h
6V4
3 h
9 2
Jl.
10 10
11
_}4_
5 h
2 H -
1 2
C 1
7 H
8 3
4 1
9 2
3 1
10 10
11 __
4 T~
2 3
l H
7 1
B H
5 2
6 1
10 10
3 1
9H
11
Str.
3 2
1 H
21
5 1.,
< H ';
6 1
7 1
.9
8 1.
10 8
11
Fin. I Jockey. [Op. - '
1h: Fauntleroy ...I 4
2 n Ranch :.....:..[ 6
3 1." Buchanan .... 5
4 h Enoa ...: 6
. h M J. Daly... 10
6 2 Henry..... 8-5
7 1 Mounce ....... 10
8 H Oaffney 8
9 S Baselngrer .... , 5
10 15 Golden 20
11 Helngon ...... 10-
Cl.
s
10
6
20
30
1
40
12
15
60
13
Index. Hor>e. Age. \Ve|ght.|St. »-j H %_
6R9 r*dy MeiVles'me. 4. 97) 1 11 2 1 1 i
10S4 Oaunt>t. 4 ..107 fi 7 Sh 31,
(10S4) fillvor Tone, 4........110 3 8 1 « \i 5 1
1084 Wyoming:, a.-. 10S 4 3 1 1 h Jl
1084 Castake, 5 10<! 2 2 h 4 1 4 1
1018 Alaria. 4.. ....'..:.::'. 97 7 4h 5h fl2
1039 Lavator. 4. . ............ S9| 5 6h 7 7
Str. Fin. | Jockey. |Op. Cl.
lv, 11 ißanch 13-5 3
2 2 2 h Morsan « • 9
c~41 : S2 Knos 2 3
3H 4M. Buchanan .... 3 11-2
S 2 5 4 Ames .../..... 6 10
<! 'i 'fi 1 Fauntleroy ... 8 11-2
7 7 Holmeg 8 10
I nriex. Horse. Age. T
UCS7) Theory. 4 ¦
(1069) True Blue, 6...
M 7 Gold Bujr. a...
1063 Mike Rice. a..
1087 Beau Monde. 5
IC«S Rosalbra, 6
1078 Negligence, 5..
1007 Polka. 4
Weight. |St.
.-. 126*1
..131 6
121 4
126 5
5 124 3
123 2
124 7
118 S
__U
_3*_
1 2
2H
4 1
X 1
3 4
X 1
7 1
g
X
1 2
2 5
S 1
B 1
4 1
B H
7 1.
8
Str.
1 l
2 5
3 1
4 1
5 2
6 2
7 1
8
I [Bettlnsr.
Fin. I Jockey. |Op. Cl.
1 1 . Knos "l 11-10
2 4 K. noB».. 7-5 6-5
3 3 OBrlen 50 200
4 M Olover ........ f.O li»
ft 4 Macklln 20 30
6 2 Ames 20 3^>
7 1 Kellas 100 20^
8 Bass) nger ¦ ... I 50 100
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. lSt/»
1069 Ella Boland. 3 «7j 3
1078 Ksplrando. 5 103 4
1078 Morlnea. 5 103 t
(1074) Morelia, 3 91 5
3SB I Don't Know. a. ...103 2
10S1 Matt Hogan, 3 , W>l 7
1078 Bonlbel. *....'. M| 6
lj
_%
1 h
2>i
6 h
« 2
3 2
7
X
1 2
2 4
3 2
4 f>
5 1
B 2
Str.
1 2
2 2
4 6
3'h
5 1
fi 4
Fln_^
1 3 .
• 2 n
3 3
4 8
5 2
6 3
7
1 . Jockpy. |Op. Cl.
. Ranch 7-10 7-li>
Henry 7-2 7-2
MorKan 14
H. Stuart 20 75
Mounce 60 100
Johnson 15 35
Loeue ICO 200
Index. Horse. Ago. Weight. (St.
1081 Mort^mse. 3 90 ~S
VHI The Frett-r, 4 103 fi
1072 Flamora. 3 98 3
1077 Cataetropb<\ 6 110! 4
ICS2 Dr. Sheppard, 6 116! 2
1070 Don tvuis. a 94 I
1090 l'oorlande. 4.... M 5
10S7 El Mldo, 4 97j 7
7 1
5 3
3 h
4 h
2 1
6 4
1 h
' S
4
7 10
2 h
3 1
1 h
5 2
62
4 V%
8
%
6 2
3 1
22
1 n
4 h
6 2
7 15
S
Str.
2 h
4 3.
3 h
1 4
(5 3
7 3
8
Fin. | Jockey. IQp. CX
1 1 Ranch 3 5-2
2 n E. Hops 6 6
3 h Jfounce 3 4
4 5 Henry 6-5 7-S
5 5 Buchanan 4 f.
6 4 Fauntleroy ... 20 50
7 4 J. Da1y. ....... I 30 101
8 Gaffney I 30 130
In<lei. How*. Weight. | St.
(1059) Sofala 120 2
1059 Diderot ....110l 1
Ji>s<t Impromptu .1111 4
1039 St. Rica.... 115|3-
Va
1 n
2 3
4
3 2
% Str. Fin. I Jockey. |Op. Cl.
14 14 11 Henry 2-5 1-3
2 4 2 4 2 1 Ruiz 5-2 3
3 3 3 1 3 3 Knos 10- 9
4 .4 .4 I^ogue .......:. * •A Western man has patented a warm
ing device for raising bread, having a
lamp set In the bottom of a casing, with
a number of trays ito carry the dough
arranged in a tier In an upper compart
ment, the heat circulating around the
trays and passing off at the top.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
DOMESTIC PORT.
SAN DlEGO— Arrived ~ April H— ltal bark
Teocle, from London.
OCEAX STEAMER.
CHERBOCRG-Sailed April IV-Stsxr 3t Paul.
tna SouUuusstoa, for New TsrX
Robbed the Electric Road.
ALAMEDA. April 14.— J. Mack was ar
rested by Officer Anderson early this
morning on suspicion of having stolen
goods In his possession. Mack had a sack
filled with heavy copper wire and was
about to board the first broad-gauge train
out of town when he was taken Into cus
tody by the officer. Later it was discov
ered that the wire had been stolen from
the Leona Heights electric road's track.
Mack pleaded guilty to a charge of petty
larceny before Justice Morris this even
ing and was sentenced to serve six
months In the County JalL
ARMSTRONG AGAIN
SUES FOR PROPERTY
OAKLAND. April ».— Thomas C. Arm
strong of ¦ Haywards, the old man who
Instituted suit against his young wife
to recover property he had deeded to her
while lying at death's door, has not lost
heart on account of the unfavorable de
cision rendered by Judge Ellsworth. To
day he again filed suit petitioning the
Superior Court to 1 order his wife to re
convey the property to him on the ground
that he would not have made the deeds
if his physician. Dr. G. C. Reynolds, had
not told him he was sure to die and had
better -dose his earthly affairs. The
property in dispute Is valued at J20.000.
BLANCHE PEIXOTTO
MADE A DOCTOR
BERKELEY. April 14.— Miss Jessica
Blanche Pelxotto has been granted
the degree of Doctor of Philosophy
by the University of California.
She was examined by Professors Moses,
Bacon and Paget this morning. The ex
amination was very rigid and necessitated
the covering of a great many subjects In
preparation for the work.
Miss Peixotto has the distinction
of being one of only two women who have
received the Ph. D. at the University of
California.
She graduated In ISM. and Introduced
that year the outdoor custom of spectac
ular productions for class day. Prior to
that time 'there had been exercises held
in the open, but none of any special in
terest. She was very popular and con
nected with many college functions and
organizations. . • • .¦_ - ..
Upon her graduation she went to Paris,
under »he direction of Professors Moses.
Bacon and Paget, to study the socialists*
doctrines. She remained there for two
years studying carefully the history and
customs. Her. thesis, which was read by
Professor Bacon, Is said to be one of the
deepest and best ever offered to the uni
versity It covered the history of France
from 1715 to the present day. Its title was
"Relation of the - Principles of French
Revolution to the Theories of Modern
French Socialism."
This morning she delivered an outline
of her studies .to-be, examined, and the
professors cross-examined her. -The ex
amination consumed an hour and a half,
after which ¦ she • was , officially made a
Doctor of Philosophy^ _ , .-->_.>
J Mone}* Saving Specials.?
> Groceries and Liquors.?
(Hvory Soap 4 bars 25^
a It floats— large 6lze. \
1776 Powder \
For washing Tn n cr*.
j end cleaning. IO PP K SSS S 2 5 C^
0\ r an Camp's Soups p
* Tomato. Caicken, i r-mi<z o-f*A
f Bullion, Clam 3 Ca ns 2 D c tf
a Chowder. Mock Turtle, Vegetable \
f aad Ox Tail. V
A berred fre« in onr Market street store. \
jEastern Rolled Oats ?
I «i^ from io pounds 25c?
? whit* oats. T
JWbole Wheat Flour J
J 10 pound sack iocj
f Wholesome/— nutridouu. Regular lx. f
f Japan Rice... 6 pounds 25^
4 Fan<"T— larpe. plnmp Kernels. A
W Cooks whole. Regular 5c ponnd. "
and Mocha Coffee t
6 Straight Mend. -nnti-nA trr>¥
f Rerolar-B-. pound 2^o^
Corn Starch
J KJSS3- pound pkg 4 c5
r jrcod. Usually 4 packages £»c. ff
Parlor Matches $
i 6wedi6h-usod hr U. S. r\\rctAr6
f Government.. Most P K S 44 C \
4 grocers charge 10c package. m
* Sunny Brook Whiskey i
f 1894 full qt bot $i.005
a Bottled la bond under supervision ' V
f of the U. S. Government, gruar- • w
a anteeing ajre, proof and absolute <~-V
f purity. f
(^Reisling Wine.. gallon 4oc^
t •-. From luiliaxi-Bwiss rolony. Sonoma A
f Co. Clear and sparkling. Well aged.
f 715 Market St. S. F. Shattuck AY, Berkeley f
j »tb A'Washi&gton.Oak Central Aye, Alameda 1
"ifCT Broadway, ** 7th & Wood. Oak- V
— :¦** .
OAKLAND AND BERKELEY
HIGH SCHOOLS RUSH
BERKELEY, April 14.— The basebati
game to-day between the Oakland anti
Central High School teams ended In a
free-for-all fight. There has always been
keen rivalry between the Oakland and
Berkeley high schools for athletic honors.
At\the morning game, which was played
on the college campus, the Berkeley boys
took sides with the Central High School
in "joshing" Oakland. The retorts grad
ually waxed bitter, and when one of the
Oakland boys snatched a red and gold hat
belonging to one of the Berkeley rooters
a rush ensued.
For over an hour the streets In the vi
cinity of the campus were thronged with
hatless. boys who were fighting one an
other. —
As the Impromptu rush took place on
the college campus the university author
ities may take some action In the prem
ises.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL
A Hamfleld. B C
J E Terry, Pacto
Geo Mann. Mass
Mrs F Eaton. Lou Ang 1
Mrs A S Overholt. Pa
Clyde Overholt, Pa
J E Pitts. Cincinnati
H Robinson. X V
C W Tuttle. Colusa
W H Hallett. Colusa
O G Sase. Sacto
H Fall, Chicago
F W Baldwin. Pt Louis
H Drukker. X V
F A Fell. Madera
F W House & w. Texas
J B Sayera. Austin
A C Hutchinson. X O
A L Xewburgh.- X V
I) O Wlekham. Phila
Mrs Wlekham. Phlla
Mra E II Leisenlns. Pa
Mr 3 B Fay. X V
C Leonard. Australia
L Mackinnon, Austral
H G rofrman. X V
S Toklo. Bodie
II H Start & w. USA
E L Mayo & w. 11l
G L AVhlte. Conn
Miss M Erarlley. X V
II W Hammond, Pa
Mrs W M Graham. Pa
Abellna McDonald. Cal
R L Taylor. Term
J P Cooper. Term
A L Hopkins. Boston
Mrs Hork!ns. Boston
B Mrjes. Boston
Mrs Moses. Boston
Miss E Brirsrs. Beaton
D A Keller. Louisville
Mrs Keller. Louisville
Miss Keller. Louisvtll*
Miss Thompson. Louisv
O WetzeM. St Louis
Ecssie Pryc*. Texas
C Barker. Ohio
Mrs Barker. Ohio
S M Milllken X V
Miss Milliken. X V
Miss "Webster, N' V
Mrs M Jmifre.Salt Lak»
Miss X Judsre. Salt Lie
Mlfs L Keith. Salt Lx
H B Durypa. >" J
Mrs rnaryea. X J
B R Klttredse. X J
P It Fraser. Stocktca
C Browne, England
M H Starr, N V
G P Holman. S.ilt Lak«
G B Llbby. X V
Cant J B Erwln. CSA
F W Mutton, Toronto
Mr* Hutton. Toronto
J E Wall. Enzland
B Cartwrlght Jr. Ca!
J W Yv'alkpr. Los An?
Mrs W M Woolsey. X J
Master Woolsey. X J
F R Mann. Cuba
J E Ilaskell. Chicago
Miss Haskell. Chicaso
GRAND HOTEL.
R Dollar. San Rafael
C V Talmadga & wife,
Santa Rosa
C C Falk. Eureka
C E Thomas. Berkeley
M H Schwartz. Berkely
R V/ Tully. Berkeley
G II Pincer. Berkeley
J F Brown. Sui.«un
S N' Ramber. Cal
C A Foster. Mass
W L. Pond. Portlar.il
Mrs Chas Miller. Or
Miss G Miller. Or
Miss Mabel Miller. Or
O A Lee & w. Cal
C W HincheltfTe. Los A
J O Moore. Portland
J Kurr«nh?imer. X V
M Xeuberger. Chlnapo
Mrs W Iluxson. Wash
Ml*s C Bailey. Cal
J F McKm, Cincinnati
W G Cowman, Boston
J S Mountain. Seattle
If M Hou«*kee:>er & w,
Philadelphia
G H Asmew. HercM
Haul* L Fenton. Pa
C F Booth. Butte
A X Miller, Omaha
M E Dally. San Jos*
Hufcrrt Hull. Georsretn
.1 X Thompson, St Lou
F II Courtney, a Crua
W R Southard, Rochstr
II M Mann, San Josa
I". J Mann. San Jose
F Phnw. Jackson
R MeWarte & w, Phil*
R Joy. Sacramento
Mrs Eruoe. Detroit
Miss Peckham, St Lmj
J L. Dawes. Pittaburc
Dr Clark. Plttsburs
O J Haleomb. Cnl
C H Fruart. X V
T V Flint. Sacramento
F Fresknw. Crockett
Mr F?rry. Los Angelea
J Short. Spokane
A A Trafnor. Suisan
Mrs R R Hoee. Portlnd
NEW WESTERN HOTEL
S Sklllrnan. Mian
X H Watson. Minn
H D Farr. San Jose
V Hanxen. Strcktcn
F Adams. Vallejo
H Peterson. Fresno
C A Harvey. W>* Ang
W Chtnn. VaUet"
¥ J Swenson & w. Sac
A O Stormesa, Neuoiaa
R O Wtaner. Alaska
*V J TlbbPtts. Alaska
B Fi«her. Marysvill*
A McTVvitt. X V
O H Barlow. Byron Sp
He traveled round the world, by rail and
on the main,
And met with no mishap, nor suffered
ache nor pain:
But when his home was reached, emerg
ing from his hack
He missed the step and fell, and nearly
broke his back.
San Francisco Republicans Will As
sist Santa Clara Stalwarts in
Winning Their Fight.
A conference of presidents and secreta
ries of Republican clubs of San Francisco
and Alameda counties took place last
evening at the rooms of the Union League
Club, Palace Hotel. A. G. Booth called
the meeting to order, announcing that the
conference was to ascertain the number
of delegates that would attend the State
convention at Los Angeles April 27. T. D.
Riordan was elected chairman and Mr.
Cory secretary,
A telegram from Los Angeles was read.
The. message conveyed expressions of
hearty greeting from the promoters of the
convention to the clubs of the bay cities
and promised all a cordial welcome
April 27.
A telegram was read announcing that
forty-five delegates from San Jose would
go to Los Ajigeles. The message con
tained a request that the San Francisco
delegates should join the delegation from
Santa Clara County in an effort to have
San Jose chosen as the place for holding
the convention In 1902. A motion was
made and carried that the delegates from
this city be requested to support San Jose.
President Lukens of the Republican Al
liance, Oakland, sent word that the Alli
ance would send twelve delegates and join
the clubs of San Francisco in upholding
Republican principles In the coming cam
paign.
Reports were submitted from various
clubs of the city regarding the election
of delegates, but definite statements as to
the number sure to attend the convention
were not elicited.
George R. Fletcher gave evidence of his
desire to impart enthusiasm to the -Laurel
Republican Club, of which he is presi
dent, and said that he was willing to con
tribute $10 to assist in defraying the ex
penses of a mass-meeting of delegates.
Mr. Fletcher only recently obtained
knowledge that a convention was to be
held In Lcs Angeles, and when his club
elected delegate? he was not advised of
the apportionment, and as a result the
club failed to elect as many delegates as
Its membership warranted." Another elec
tion may be called to supply the de-
On motion of C. W. Kyle, presidents and
secretaries were advised to report on or
before April 20 to James. M. Oliver, sec
retary. Claus Spreckels building, the
names of delegates who would attend the
convention. Should the list of names pre
sented to Mr. Oliver establish the fac»
that one hundred delegates will go from
San Francisco end Alameda steps may be
taken to engage a special train and thus
secure a further reduction of fare.
The Afro-American League reported the
election of the following delegates: John
C. Rivers, T. B. Morton, A. Strather,
Rev. J. H. Kelley and George W. Jackson.
Colonel Whlteslde. of the McKinley
Veteran Soldiers' and Sailors' Republican
Club, reported the election of delegates*
as follows: C. Mason Klnne. C. W. Gor
don, J. C. Handley, James A. Waymire, ;
Lovell Howe, Peter H, Maas, L. D. Olln,
J. C. Bolles. J. B. Mulcahey, H. L. Bar
ker. L. Washburn and J." A. Whlteslde.
Following Is a complete list of the dele
gates elected to represent the Bear Club:
Thomas W. . Collins. Franklin P. -Bull,
Oscar A. Tolle.J.D., Brown, H. Cv Dib
ble. E. H. Belcher. W. H. Rickard. H. C.
Firebaugh, I. J. Ashelm. W. G. Cue, J.
C. Campbell, <R. D. Falkner. E.;L.iHeaa,
A. B. Mahoney,,J. B. Klncaid and N. E.
Maison. It was* stated that eleven dele
gates would go to Los Angeles. '. ,
FLORIST ACCUSES
COUSIN OF FRAUD
OAKLAND. April 14.— John Cook, tho
Berkeley florist, in conjunction with two
of his brothers, who are at present In
New York, to-day filed a contest In San
Francisco to the will of the late Annie
Albrecht. The estate is valued at $20,000.
Two actions have been brought, one to
set aside the will and the other to have
declared void certain deeds conveying val
uable property to Sarah Borland, a
niece. Undue influence, fraud and duress
by Miss Borland is alleged by the con
testants, who are nephews of the de
cedent.
STRIKING ITALIANS
THREATEN TROUBLE
New York Militia Called Out to Pre
vent a Riot at the Croton
Bam.
CROTOX LANDING. N. T.. April 14.—
There is plenty of trouble brewing at the
Croton Dam between the striking Ital
ians, who are clamoring for more wages,
and the contractors, who are steadfast in
refusing any concessions. All day to-day
it was expected that bloody work would
occur, but not a stone was thrown nor a
shot fired.
Sheriff Malloy of Westehester County,
who has the responsibility of protecting
the property In the district, had 150 depu
ties armed with revolvers guarding the
works all day. Only once did the depu
ties have a chance to show their author
ity. This was when an attempt was
made to pull out a locomotive from the
roundhouse to draw a load of coal up to
the steam pump. The strikers, about SOO
strong, who were on the hill nearby,
charged down on the deputies, who scat
tered quickly and the engineer quit hi 3
post. There is very little prospect of the
strikers allowing outsiders to fill their
places, and as Sheriff Malloy has called
out the local militia, which will arrive
here to-morrow night, a clash may occur
on Monday morning when the working
whistles blow.
ONE LIFE LOST IN
THE ESSEN COAL MINE
As It Was Pay Day All but Three
Had Left When the Fire
Started.
PITTSBURG. April 15.— The fire !n the
Es?en coal mine Xo. 3, at Hazelton, on
the Pittsburg and Youghlogheny railroad,
caused the death of one miner. Venzel
Sternad. The first report was that six
teen men were in the mine, who were sup
posed to have perished, but now that the
lire is extinguished and the extreme ex
citement over, it develops that only three
men were in the mine when the fire start
ed yesterday afternoon. It being payday
the men had quit work between 11 and 12
o'clock, leaving only Sternad. Frank M.
Lathick and a driver, name not known, in
the pit.
The fire started, it Is supposed, from the
electric pump, caused by the burning out
of a motor. Sternad and Lathick were
at work about 300 feet beyond the pump,
over three-quarters of a mile from the
mine entrance and knew nothing of the
fire until Lathick started forward to get
some orders from the fire boss. Coming
to the fire he wrapped his head In his coat
and made a dash through the flames and
smoke. He succeeded in reaching the pit
mouth, where he fell exhausted. Sternad
has not yet been reached by the rescuers,
but it is a certainty that he has perished.
The third man escaped easily, because he
wa.« on the outside of the fire and followed
Lathick in his rush.
PACIFIED BY PARSONS.
. DE AAR. April 15.— The main body of
the Carnavoran field force, in command
of Calonel Parsons, including the Cana
dian artillery and the mounted rifles, ar
rived hore this morning after a five weeks'
march from Victoria road by way of Ken
hardt. a distance of more than 500 miles.
Tb?y encountered no active opposition.
Colonel Parsons pacified the country,
which was previously in rebellion, and ar
rested the ringleaders.
MRS. KRUGER TALKS.
LONDON. April 15— A spec!al from Pre
toria, dated the 13th. says: -"Mrs Kru
per. on being interviewed, said that she
trusted God would soon stop the merciless
bloodshed, but that the republic would be
vigorously defended even if Pretoria were
finally taken. She added that she had in
the field thirty-three grandsons, two of
whom were killed; four sons, six sonp-in
!aw and numerous other relatives."
Board of Trade Organized.
Special Dispatch to The Call'
SUISUN, April 14.— Business men and
p. operty owners of this place organized
the Suisum Board of Trade this evening.
The following were elected as the board
of directors: R. D. Robblns, James A.
Keys. John A. Wilson. W. L. Griffiths. A
S. Morton, E. Dlnkelsplel and A. C. Llll
man. The officers are: R. -D. Robbins.
president; James A. Keys, vice president;
DR. WALL VICTOR
IN PRELIMINARY
LEGAL SKIRMISH
Judge Ellsworth Grants
Petition for Writ of
Review.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call
HIS Broadway. April 14.
Dr. B. P. Wall has won the opening
skirmish In his battle with the directors
of the Deaf and Dumb and Blind Asylum
at Berkeley, and will now push forward
to victory or a Waterloo. Judge Ells
worth granted the physician's petition for
a writ of review to-day and ordered the
defendants to bring Into court on April 16
all the books and Tecords in the case. In
order that they might be reviewed and
the petitioner given a chance to establish
the facts contained in his complaint.
It is alleged by Dr. Wall In his com
plaint that he was appointed to the posi
tion of asylum physician by a preceding
board and that the one against which
suit is now brought ousted him without
due process of law and by "star cham
ber" methods on September 29, 1539. Ho
recites the facts that the law entitles
him to hold the position two years, unless
he give cause for dismissal, and claims
that no cause existed nor was any ever
alleged by the board.
The members of the board against
whom suit Is brought, both as a body and
individually, are: G. W. Reed. Henry
Pierce, Brewton A. Hayne and J. H.
Grlndley.
MRS. HYAMS ASKS
FOR BIG DAMAGES
OAKLAND. April U.— Mrs. Bella
Hyams and her husband. S. Hyams, have
filed suit agrii"St the Market Street Rail
way Company of San Francisco for dam
ages In the sum of J3OCO and costs of suit.
It Is alleged m the complaint that on De
cember IS last Mrs. Hyams started to en
ter a car In front of the Parrott building,
when it started so suddenly that she was
thrown violently to the ground, sustaining
a sprained ankle and other injuries which
confined her to her bed for weeks and will
cause her to suffer permanent disability.
MILLIONAIRE
FATALLY SHOT
BY A WOMAN
Rufus Wright, Manufacturer
of Bicycle Tires, Near
Death.
Ccicagt) Hotel Tragedy Declared by
the Principals to Have Been
the Besult of an Acci
dent.
«
CHICAGO. April 34. — Rufus Wright, a
millionaire, and treasurer of the firm of
Morgan & Wright, bicycle tire manufac
turers, is lying at the point of death in
a room of the I>eiand Hotel, phot through
the neck by a. bullet from the revolver of
Mrs. I^ouipa I-ottridge of Pawpaw. Mich.
The shooting occurred in the apartments
occupied by the woman, and she and the
victim declare it was accidental. The
police were not apprised of the tragedy
until two hours after it had occurred, and
when Detective Sergeant Burns arrived
at the hotel he found Mr?. Lottrldge
there. He at once placed her under ar
rest and she is being detained at the Har
rison-street police etation. A friend who
had e pent several hours with her previous
to the shooting was arrested. She gives
her name as Mrs. Ida Koss.
Much mystery attaches to the shooting.
Both the victim and Mrs. Lottridge per
sist in Faying It was accidental, while the
police h<"'!d that from the location of the
wound there is doubt as to the truth of
the declaration. Captain Colleran, the
chief of detectives. Bays the stories of
the two, while they tally as regards the
cause of the phooting. differ in details.
The story told by the woman Is that
Wright, who had ppent two hours In. the
company of Mrs. Lottridge, tried to take
from her a revolver which she had taken
from her satchel with a view to getting
h!s opinion on it. In the struggle whicn
followed for the possession of the weapon
It was discharged and the bullet lodged
in the left tide of Wright's neck. .The
shot wa* not heard by any one in the ho
tel and the flrst known of the occurrence,
¦was when Mrs. Lottridge called Hugh
Will!*, a bellboy, ami told him to notify
I>r. J. D. Hammond, the house physician.
«f the shooting. The doctor hurried to
the room where the wounded man lay,
and. while he worked over him, Mrs. Lot
tridge s=to«d by and watched the efforts
to pave the life of the wounded man.
Mrs. Lottridge was found In a room
r.*xt to that In which the wounded man
jay when th«» detectives arrived. She ap-
peared to be under the influence of wine
and made no resistance when Detective
Burns told her she was under arrest. She
simply said the shooting was accidental,
and expressed her willingness to accom
pany the officer to jail. At the central
police station she positively refused to
talk of the shooting.
The woman registered at the hotel on
April 11. when she arrived In company
with Mrs. Ida Koss, who was arrested
after the shooting. Mrs. Lottridge Is a
widow of not very prepossessing appear
ance. She Is nearly Fix feet tall and
•weighs about ISS pounds. She told the
chief of detectives that she had been ac
quainted with Wright for the last three
years, and that on every one of her visits
to Chicago he had called upon her.
Mrs. Koss. who denies all knowledge of
the shooting, declared that she and Mrs.
Lottrtdge had several drinks In the room
of the latter, and when Mrs. Koss was
about to lea.ye the room Mrs. Lottrldge
announced that she intended to send for
Mr. Wright.
According to the statement of Manager
Dabb of the hotel, orders for wine were
plentiful after the arrival of Wright.
Several coolers in which the bottles were
sent to the room were found by Detective
Burns. The orders ceased about 2
o'clock, a half hour before the bellboy
¦was called to go after the surgeon.
When Dr. Hammond took the revolver
with which the shooting was done, Mrs.
L.ottridge attempted to take It from him
and struck him several times on the face.
The condition of Wright at midnight
•was critical and the physicians were un
able to predict the outcome. Dr. Ham
mond expressed the opinion, however,
that the wound would prove mortal.
SOFALA, the peerless daughter of Balgowan and Spozla, has by her long string of victories attracted the attention of
horsemen the country over. True, she has been asked to meet only a mediocre lot of two-year-olds, but her race
for the Gebhard stake when carrying 125 pounds showed tho filly to be far and above the average. In color she Is a
chestnut. She covers the ground in a frictionless, easy fashion, backed up by a marvelous burst of speed. Out of fourteen
trips to the barrier the chic equine miss has carried Barney Schrelber's colors to the front on twelve occasions, earning
in purses and stakes, including her win in the Western yesterday at Tanforan, $6715. '
tfARNLY SCHREIBLR'S SCFALA, SENSATIONAL TWC-YEAR-OLD OF THE YEAR.
BABY ESCAPES
DEATH IN FALL
OF TWENTY FEET
Plunge of a Three-Year-Old
Girl From a Second-
Story Window.
Few Bruises Were the Only Injuries
Which Resulted From the Head
long Tumble of Robert
Fry's Daughter.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway. April 11.
The three-year-o!d daughter of Robert
G. Fry. residing at 1711 Fifth street, fell
twenty feet this afternoon from a second
story window at her home and escaped
serious injury.
The mother had been working In the
rear of the house, when she was attracted
by cries. Rushing to the front yard she
found the child writhing in pain. Dr. M.
Rinehart made an examination and
found no broken bones or any evidence of
serious internal injury. He administered
soothing draughts, and directed that th«>
baby be kept quiet. There appeared no
symptom to indicate that serious results
would ensue from the fall.
The little girl had been playing In the
upper part of the house, and while look
ing out of the window lost her balance
and fell headforemost out. There was
nothing to break the fall, and the sur
geon thought the child's escape from even
a broken limb was marvelous. The baby
was not rendered unconscious. There
were some superficial bruises on ths
child's body, but that was apparently all
that resulted from the fall. Fry la a
linotype operator in San Francisco.
ADVERTISEHENTS.
GAY ELOPER TO
MAKE AMENDS BY
CASH PAYMENTS
Wronged Wife Granted a
Divorce and Monthly
Alimony.
Mrs. Kate Chambers Awarded a Ju
dicial Separation From Her Hus
band and the Custody of
Two Minor Children.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
!lli Broadway. April 11.
B. H. Chambers, a gay Lotharic. who
eloped with cnothe.- man's wife and left
his own to take care of herself and their
two minor children, i 3 likely to find such
a method of enjoying life pretty costly.
Judge Hall granted Mrs. Kato Chambers,
the wronged wife in the case, a Ulvorca
to-day. $100 attorney's fets. $25 a month
alimony and the custody of htr two minor
children.
The Chambers were married in San.
Francisco in IS?2 and shortly afterward
went to Truckee. Xev., to reside. They
lived happily together for some time,
when the husband began to neglect his
wife for pleasures away from home. Dur
ing the latter part of I^o*> he met a young
married woman who was visiting Truckee,
tho two became mutually infatuated and
eloped, going to El Paso, Tex.
His happtnesa with his inamorata
proved of short duration, and in a letter
written to his mother some time subse
quent to the elopement he confessed sor
row for his deed. Chambers is supposed
to be in San Francisco at the present
time.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 15, 1900.
SWITCHED OFF
HIS PATIENTS
Dr. Max Klonk to Sue the Pacific
Telephone Company for
Damages.
•Makes the Common Complaint That the Cor
poration's Employes Misled the Public,
WHETHER or not the loss sus
tained by subscriber? of the Pa
cific Telephone and Telegraph
Company. through the negll
penc© of that corporation's employes,
*hall ultimately be borne by the sub
scriber or tha company that was respon
sible- tor the same will be finally de
termined in a suit which will be filed next
Monday In the Justice Court. Dr. Max
Klonk. who resides at Sutter and Stock
ton streets, \rtll appear as plaintiff in the
action and will demand J209 damages for
k!s alleged actual loss through the ncgli
rence of the telephone company's em
ployes. Th« suit will raige many inter
«stlr.g legal points and even if th« court
determines that the plaintiff cannot re
cover an absorbing etory of the com
pany's negligence and of the manner in
¦which pecuniary loss is sustained by rea
son of the same will be told under oath
on th« witness Ktand.
Notwithstanding the constant com
plaints of inefficient service that have
n«en registered with the telephone com
pany, this is the first time one ha^ been
registered against it for damages sus
tained through its negligence. George
H. Perry, who represents the plalnt'.ff.
made th*« following statement yesterday
rejrardir.g the causes that led his client
to Institute an action against the com
pany:
"On th* first of the year." he said. "Dr.
Klor.k had a telephone placed in his resi-
dence. Since that time he has received
numerous complaints from patients and
particularly from prospective patients
that they were unable to communicate
with him by telephone, sis thpy were in
formed that his phone had been taken
out and again that Tie had never been one
of :he company's subscribers.
"Through this means Dr. Klonk lost
several patients, but the idea of. institut
ing action against the company did not
occur to him until early this week, when
a local German society, of which he is
the phrsician, informed him that mem
bers had complained at being unable to
resirh him by telephone. Dr. Klonk's
telephone has never been out of his resi
dence since the first of the year. We
then went to work and have six witnesses
whom we will place on the stand and who
will swear that through the constant as
sertion of the company that -Dr. Klonk
was not a subscriber they were forced
to look for another physician closer to
th^ir homes."
Although the amount involved In the
proposed suit is small, the final Judgment
of the court on Dr. Klonk's claim will be
of special interest to the people of this
city. Girls, wearied and ofttimes ill, are
kept waiting at the switchboards, and
doubtless this fact will bo the proved
cause of the loss sustained by the sub
scriber. If other causes are proven his
damage cannot be made the more or
less, but it is safe to assume that if
Judgment is obtained by him the errors
on the part of the company's employe?
will become more Infrequent and thetr
hours of drudgery materially reduced.
j DR. MAX MUEHLENBRUCH,
'\ THE RENOWNED PROPHETIC SEER, HERBALIST,
•> PSYCHOMETRIST AND MEDICAL CLAIRVOYANT,
¦ Who diagnoses dlsoase without asking quei-
• "^^ tions cr symptoir.j, and who has performed
• S >^ marvelous cures v.-here ethers have failed, with,
• : • hl3 nature's remtaiea wbtt-h are compounded
• '¦'<¦, / 5-jß'j3sL—^Stf \ . b>' hi* unseen helpers, and to WhOtn \H also re-
•S" ¦ / tf*s93R§?&^=i\. \ veale«l the past. t>r;-sent an>J future as an open
• '¦-¦'. / >iw**y <vtys£S?3l \ book; who a!si ha.] remarkable ?ucce»a In fore-
.V / 1-4Q \ casting events of Rational coaaequtoces. as
/ gr -iV^s'S \ 'tottcms: T.ie blowing up ci the lxiU!esh:p
" I I •" Maine t n •>•-- (Woi ¦ i; happen^!, tha war
I k>S3i&-J&'*^- *"-*?? a with Spain 3r.d Us outcome, tht? tMal WVTC '»;
• I •O£?2 es «&^W^ljP&s Net" Ycrk. :h? d.^atruftion by water nt Shaw-
• I j >O|^. gfri-^Vj.-Hj**'- r.eet.'v.n. 111.. auJ many othira. too numerous
• 1 '!**¦¦• <>J' i jf7* *° mention, howtvir, all are recorded In a pam-
• I I <^»'" ¦VjPJ*'* phJet. Who Is indorsed by nre?.-* and public.
,"• ¦¦ : - I \ f!£«E2V.'4f? If 3° u are yick - write for dUsjnosts. inclosing
1 > / 4?^v>3SwiViiir / lock of hair and 2j cents In stamp*. If you ar«
\ U? ' I ln trouille - yenl for a delineation, or a fore-
\ tA\^sr*r Bk / ca!lt - tut one year In Jria fdtur*. $• 30. Ut*
\ V--GH 2 ?*% UNv/ delineation, with srlrilCal horor,-oco. S3 CO.
•„ - v*ftlV i~"J^\E&a§r Rortl from mines road p* v ifci?r:i*tricaliy. *5 CO
• ' V : '*'-f ** — Hf'vr r ' r "' up - ix '! u ~- : ' ~- answered by mail, a>.
' V Ta^!_L_' -— -fxr Keadi nits t<> foreign countries, e:ura. .*>> rents.
. >A ~\ pr (C^P*<M«l Life Delineations aad Full Horo-
. —^ scope, also correct h )ur of JtMil birth, giving
, all days for br'^inalns or vrafdlßC business ua-
, dertaklngs, for as many years as d"sire<l. from lit) ffl up.
CySend Lock of Hair for all Psychometric Life Iteadinc. Xo date ot birth for
Spiritual Horoscope will be ntc»— mty.
S3TA. 16-paee pamphlet, containing four editions rt Pr^Dhecies. with their fulfill-
' ment3 up to January. 1900. with testimonials of Vrtsf and Publio. win be sent to any
1 one for five cents in stamps. Call at 1229 Broadway. Oakland. Addr-ss all lstters to
' P. O. Box US. Oakland. Cal. Cut out this ad. as It will only aypear Sundays.
A. N. Trainor. secretary, and J. Lenihan.
treasurer. Committees were appointed
and public improvements will be under
taken at once, street improvements'to be
given first consideration.
RIVERSIDE'S FAIR IS
AUSPICIOUSLY OPENED
Is the First Public Exposition of Its
Kind Ever Held in the
State.
RIVERSIDE. April 14.— The first street
fair ever held on the Pacific Coast opened
to-day in this eita* and promises to be a
complete success. Banners, green, white
and golden have been fluttering since this
morning, while to-night a myriad of in
candescent electric lights of the same va
ried hues are gleaming amid the masses
of decorations, producing a kaleidoscopic
ecene. This garb of gayety will be worn
till the end of next week.
Main street for almost three solid blocks
is lined on either side with booths of al
most every conceivable variety of mate
rial, color ami architectural design. The
booths are ranged along the curb, extend
ing from eight to ten feet into the street,
and most of them are open on both sides.
so that sightseers and customers can see
the wares displayed from whichever direc
tion they approach. Visitors are here from
all points of Southern California.
Laguna Ashore.
PORTLAND. April 14. — News has
reached here that the steamer Laguna is
ashore on the north spit of Tillamook Bar.
'me I^aguna discharged all her cargo, and
it was thought she would float off at high
tide to-day, but she failed to do so. How
ever, It is expected the vessel will be got
off without serious injury, as she is rest
ing easily.
Hanged Herself.
SANTA ANA. April 14.— Mrs. TVllhel
mina Schlottae committed suicide this
morning 1 at the home of Antone Roosch,
near Villa Park, by hanging herself from
a bedpost with a light cord. Mrs. Schlot
tag's husband died two years ago to-day,
since which time she has been in a slight
ly demented condition. She was about 49
years of age.
Indian Badly Injured.
FRESNO. April 14.— News was received
from Madera to-night that an Indian
named Ned Brown, who was Bhot six
tlm^s, was brought down from North
Fork. The constable Is In pursuit of the
murderer of the Indian. The wounded
Indian's chances of recovery are slight.
He was shot In a drunken eheepherders'
row.
m
Cycle Road Race.
SANTA ANA, April 14.— The annual
Orange County road race was run here
this afternoon around the Kite, a distance
of eleven and three-quarter miles. Fred
Avis of Santa Ana won first place and TV*.
B. Weats of Olive first time, making it in
31 minutes 32 seconds.
SAN JOSE IS REACHING
FOR CONVENTION OF 1902
STRONG HARES
MAKE DOGS RUN
THEIR FASTEST
Good Day's Sport With the
Leash on Field at Union
Park.
t
The Curtis Dogs Luxor and Vulcan
Are Installed Favorites for the
Champion and the Open
Stake.
-^ — i
A large consignment of strnnc harrs |
surprised the coursing men at Union Park
yesterday and provided exceptionally
good sport in the run-down of tho re
serve stake for this time of the year. The
I majority of the trial 3 took th© dogs well
across the field and afforded them an op
portunity to do some work. The park
management is trying the experiment of
keeping the hares off the field, where they
might feed on the grass, and. limiting
them to a grain diet.
Vulcan and For Glory are the most
pronounced favorites for the reserve
stake, the latter having been backed off
the board. Hot Haste, Greenball. Over
ture, Sir Pasha, Rock Island King, Uncle
Fuller, Boney Boy, Vandal, Cash, Diablo
and St. Anthony are also in demand in
the order named.
For the champion stake, which will be j
run this afternoon, Luxor is the natural
favorite, and after him Eugene Geary's
young dog Falo Alto.
It was generally a day for favorites
yesterday, although sufficient long shots
won to keep the bettors guessing. O. X..
Capitol was the llrst to upset calcula
tions, winning from Kid McCoy at odds
of 5 to 1. Aeneas beat Echo at 3 to 1;
Jesse Moore beat Sweet Lips at 2 to 1;
Royal Bush beat Miss Cable at 2 to 1;
McKinley beat Victor King at 5 to 3;
Thornhill beat Metallic at 2 to 1, and
Moonstone beat Mollie R at 5 to 1.
Overture, the English dog, made a fa
vorable Impression upon his first appear
ance at Union Park. He led the Aus
tralian dog Soft Goods three lengths anu
showed himself clever at working the
hare. He will meet Auckland in his first
course to-day, when a better line can be
obtained as to his speed. Auckland was
unfortunate yesterday in having two un
decided courses before he gained the de
cision over Athena. Temple showed good
form, as did Judge P. J. Rellly's Plough
Boy, another imported dog.
Russell, Allen & Wilson sent their new
dog Victor Boy to the slips for the first
time. Ho was brought out from the East
with the idea of pos^bly winning the
John Grace challenge cup. The change
of climate affected him, and he has been
kept in the background until the present
time. He met and defeated Maher &
Reid's Firm Foe yesterday by a score of
4 to 2, and gave promise of better per
formances to come.
Judge P. J. Riley's Willful Widow had
no difficulty in defeating Belle of Rich
mond. The latter stopped in the field
and watched her opponent course the
hare without making a move to assist
her. The results in detail, with Judge
John Grace's official scores, follow:
F. A. McComb's Little Sister beat H. Lyneh's
Lottie M. 4-3; R. L. Taylor's Winning Lassie
beat D K. Carter's Joe Farrell, 4-1; Gus Aber
crombie's Rock Island Klntc beat Sterl &
Kriowles' Ripple, 7-0; George Nethercott's
Freda C beat G. W. Heintz's Coquette, 5-0; D.
Silvers' He-Annex beat J. Murnane's Wildwood,
7-6" R. E. de B. Lopez's Wander beat W.
Calms 1 Imperial, 4-2: K. A. McComb's Motto
bent Aeneid Kenm-ls' Agamemnon. 3-1; P. J.
Rellly's Grafter beat Curtis & Son's Blackette,
7-3: J. Carroll's Auckland beat Aeneld Kennels'
Athena, 4-1; HorrlKan & Wlegand's Overture
beat R. K. de B. Lopez's Soft Goods. 4-3; J. I
Hurley's O K. Capitol beat E. M. Kellofrp's
Kid McCoy. 3-0; Sterl & Knowles' Rusty Gold
beat W. Creamer's Onward. S-0; Aeneid Ken
nels' Aeneas beat Curtis & Son's Echo, 4-2; W.
Creamer's Jesse Moore beat J. J. Warren's
Sweet Lips, 6-3; Sterl & Knowles' For Glory
beat T. J. Cronln's Vixen, 4-0; J. Keenan's
Royal Buck beat Russell, Allen,* & Wilson's
Mirfs Cable. 3-2; Curtis &: Son's Terronite bent
J. Watkins' Merciful, 3-1; J. Horn's Bona Fide
beat Erwin & Lyon's Silver Lyon. 5-0: J. P.
Thrift's Forget beat Sterl & Knowles' Ollta,
4-3; A. Massey's Hadiwlst beat J. P. Thrift's
Tar Hill. 3-1; Curtis & Son's McKlnley beat
Gus Abercromble's Victor King. 6-1: F. A. Me-
Comb's One Spot beat R. L. Taylor's Rowdy
Boy. 4-0; T. J. Cronin's Rose of Tralee beat
Curtis & Son's Shadow. 7-2; J. H. Harrison's
Hot Haste beat J. Hanley's Hurricane, 4-0; J.
Charlton's Temple beat J. P. Thrift's Tired Out,
S-0; Maher & Reid's Uncle Fuller beat Pasha
Kennels' Rest Assured, 5-0; Pasha Kennels"
Rollicking Airs beat G. Sharman's Miss
Skyrocket. 3-1: J. Hurley's Shy lock Boy
a bye, • Commodore withdrawn; P. Mc-
Cabe's Boney Boy beat Curtis & Son's
Terrona. 6-0; A. Johnson's Mountain Beauty
beat Larkey & Rock's Liberty Bell. 4-1;
Lande & Gerber*s Rlenzl beat T. Logan's Miss
Grizzle, 3-2; J. M. Halton's Lavender b»»at
Sterl & Knowles' O'Hara, 5-0; H. Lynch's Lex
ington beat E. Casserly'B Silence, 5-0: F. A.
MeComb's Sir Pasha beat E. & R. Scott's Lord
Byron. 7-3; O. W. Heintz's Herschel's Pride
beat Pasha Kennels' Roguish Antics. S-0; P.
J. Reilly's Ploughboy beat Maher & Rsld'»
Los Angeles. S-l; T. J. Cronin's Thornhill beat
Pasha Kennels' Metallic. 5-2; Captain Cane's
Orpenhall beat J. Carroll's Red Hind, 6-1: D.
Winder's Risky Attempt beat Curtis & Son's
Old Glory. 3-0; P. J. Reilly's Willful Widow
beat C. Gersler's Lily of the Valley, 10-0; D.
Winder's Random Aim beat J.Kennedy's Wine
West, 5-0; E. M. Kellogg' s lowa Boy beat
Pasha Kennels' Round About, 5-0: T. J.
Cronin's Vandal beat Maher & Reid's Nellie
Bawn. 4-3: Curtis & Son's Cash beat T. J.
Cronin's Maid of Bail, 6-1: R. E. ds B. Lopez's
Diablo beat Maher & Reid's Singleton, 7-5; J.
1 P. Thrift's St. Michael beat Pasha Kennels'
! May Hampstead, 2-1; Erwin & Lyon's May
Queen beat J. Martinet's Slim. S-0; N. P.
Whiting's St. Anthony beat R. Strahl's Three
Cheers. 4-3: A. T. Leonard's Mayflower beat
F. C. Mack's. Delia M, 5-2; Russell, Allen &
Wilson's Victor Boy beat Maher & Reid's
Firm Foe. 4-2; C. W. Bonner's Wild Nora beat
E. Casserly's Lady Blanche, 6-0; W. C. Glas
son's Santonin beat A. Van der White's Lear
King. 3-2: George Sharman's Walt a Little
beat Russell, Allen & Wilson's Miss Allen, 3-1;
A. T. Leonard's Master Lawrence beat M.
London's Magneto, 5-3: E. 11. Farmer's Moon
stone beat D. Reardon's Molly R., 3-2; Curtis
& Son's Vulcan beat Pasha Kennels' Royal
Anne, 4-0; T. Logan's Honor Bright beat J.
Kleraan's Bowery Boy, 4-0: W. C. Glasson's
Sleigh Bells beat A. Van der White's Cymro.
6-0; George Sharman's Walt a Bit . beat J.
Walklns' Merciless. 5-2; J. J. Edmonds' Morn-
Ing Glory beat J. Kennedy's Ever Sure, 3-2: J.
Moriarity's Snapper Garrison beat P. Reilly's
Expense, 4-2: P. Reilly's Lady Granaril beat
J. Watklns' Still True. 4-1: T. Sullivan's Maid
of the Hill beat P. Reilly's Richmond Qu<^n,
5-0: Russell. Allen &¦ Wilson's Spiteful beat
I Aeneld Kennels' Maid of Erin, 6-0.
FLY-CASTERS MEET FOR
SEMI-MONTHLY CONTESTS
Experts With Bod and Line Compete
at Stow Lake in Golden Gate
Park.
The fifth of the series of contests of the
San Francisco Flycasting Club was held
yesterday at Stow Lake, Golden Gate
Park. There was a large attendance and
the weather conditions were perfect. A
light west wind and a clear, sunny day
gave the competitors every chance In the
world to exhibit their skill to the best ad
vantage. The scores were generally good
and the meeting highly successful.
In the long distance event Lovett was
first with a score of 115 feet. Brotherton
second with 105 feet and Brooks third with
92 feet.
In accuracy Lovett was first with a
score of 94 per cent, Carr second with a
score of 93 4-12 per cent, and Muller third
with a score of 90 8-12 per cent.
In delicacy Carr was first with 84 3-12
per cent, Lovett second with 84 per cent,
and Golcher third with 80 7-12 per cent..
In lure casting Battu was first with
S3 4-12 per cent, Carr second with 83 1-12
per cent, and Lovett third with 73 1-12 per
cent. Complete scores follow:
Fate.
29
MISS JESSIE B. PELXOTTO.
8 t? a
OS >™ Event Xo. 3. O<
»| 8 3 Delicacy. g3
name. . it H TF^TT? ?•=
ES 111*8 J! t* s?
: a r* v
Tounp 91 ?8-0 87.8 73.4 50.5 j ....
Brothcrton .... 106 79.4 83.4 65.4 75.101 51.0
Ixivett US M.» 91-* W.« M.O I 73.1
Brooks 92 72.4 80.0 58.4 C 9.2 I ....
Golcher .-. 56.0 SS.B 72.S 80.7 ....
Muller *).8 74.4 73.4 73.10 ....
BattU 87.0 59.4 62.6 75.11 53.4
Kverett 59.4 56.4 66.8 76.6
Skinner 81.8 84.4 68.4 76.4 ES.O
Carr 93.4 52.8 75.10 84.3 53.1Taken Back to Kansas City.
James Redmond, alias Mike Seville, who
was brought back from J Manila by the
military authorities and who is wanted In
Kansas City, Mo., for the murder of
Emma Schumacher in December, 1597.
was taken from the City Prison yesterday
afternoon by Marshal Samuel H. Chiles
of that city. They left on the evening
train. Redmond, who is a desperate char
acter, declared that the Marshal would
never take him back alive and he was
heavily ironed. ;
"Tyrlan Rose" and "Green Pastel," the
season's newest tints in writing papers,
are very pretty when stamped in white.
We are having a special sale of odd writ-
ing papers and envelopes at specially low
prices. Good fountain pens for J1.00; bet-
ter ones for more money. Selling agents
for Waterman's "Ideal" fountain pen 3.
Stationery department. Sanborn, Vail &
Co., 741 Market street. >-".
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
# 4^»H-H"i"i"i"i"i"!"i'i-i 1 : 1 m I'-M-H-H-i-r-i'-n-H-i-i-i-i":-:-:-!-!-!': ****•
f DJRY GOODS COMPANY. £
£ ~ t
$ Striking Values in $
I High-Grade Novelties. f
T ?
!i Silk Grenadines, in handsome lace effects, (JO ff. QQ Vfl t
j| 46 inch $C LU ePO JUi |
jj | Silk ":.. Popn ". Nov :^: $1.75 to $3 yd. I
£ Silk Mohair Crepons and Mercer- (M CA fr\ (IJO OC rrf\ £
J otta Novelties, 44 inch tj)I.UU tU JUi 2
;JL ¦ ¦¦¦ ; -- w 4*
I 1 TAILOR SUITINGS. |
? The largest collection ever shown on the coast, comprising ;;
t the following weaves: French Venetians, Drap d 1d 1 Amazon, Broad '.'.
:: Cloth, English Whipcords, Cheviots and Imperial Twills. II
SEE SHOW W/INDOiV. **
" ———————————— — — — -
T COUNTRY ORDERS CAREFULLY AND PROMPTLY ATTENDED TO. T
I CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY, v
T SE. Corner Gear/ and Stockton Straats, San Francisco. \' m
J UNION SQUrtRE. '?
NAPA SODA SPRINGS.
UNDER NEW MANAGEMENT.
A. DOLUt&KN, Napa Soda Springs F. a
SANTA CRUZ Mountatns-A quiet ranch. *r»
miles Santa Cruz: delightful \ ivmvZZ
T SKIP I I?. 1 . 1 :.., Of
Ladies! rree ohampoo
In order to introduce my FOAMO SHAMPOO
I will on Monday give to" every lady who
purchases a $2.<p switch (regular value) a
free shampoo. Just as carefully done as
though this special offer had not been made./
The regular price for a shampoo is 25c.
Halrdresslng 25c. 123 Stockton Street. S. p.
. . 7 i "".. OPP. CITY. OF PARIS.
Dartmouth College Reunion.
The Dartmouth College Alumni Associa
tion of the Pacific Coast will give its
thirteenth annual reunion and dinner to
morrow night at the Occidental Hotel.
Hon. Henry C. Ide, ex-Chief Justice of
Samoa and member of the Philippine
Commission, a member of the class of '6i5,
St. Johnsbury, Vt;, will be present. An
informal reception will be held in the hotel
parlors from 6 to 6:45 p. m., after which
dinner will be served.
FAMOUS
GILROY HOT SPRINGS
The waters are noted for their thousands of
cures of Rheumatism. Gout, Lead and Mercurial
Poisoning Liver and Kidney Diseases, Neural-
gia, Dyspepsia and all Bladder and Urinary
Complaints. Hotel and cottages renovated.
Baths reStted and Improved. Magnificent
scenery, delightful walks. Huntlnc and fish-
ing. No teg*. Unequaled for health, rest and
recreation. Rates. $12 to $11 per week. Trains
leave Third and Towcuend streets. S. F.. 9 a.
ra. and J:45 p. m. d»Uy. Carriages at Clllroy
for springs. For Illustrated pamphlets address
R. ROBERTSON. Proprietor.
WILLIAM THIRD WINS
IN A BANKRUPT CASE
Judge de Haven Decides That the
Assignment Was for the Benefit
of Creditors.
United States District Judge de Haven
yesterday handed down a decree setting
aside the report of the referee in the case
of William Third, bankrupt, and found
the following facts:
That Third on February 21, 1900, made
an assignment of all his property to
Charles R. Havens for the benefit of his
creditors, with the knowledge, advice and
consent of O. J. Bamberger; that Bam
berger, having consented thereto. Is
estopped from alleging the same as- an act
of bankruptcy, "and that all the other
creditors, except E. L. Magnus, holding
legal title to a claim of $11 05 out of a total
indebtedness of $12,000, having ratified said
assignment, the defendant is entitled to a
judgment dismissing the proceedings and
for costs against the petitioners.
PASO
ROBLES
Hot Sulphur Springs.
OTTO E. NEVER, Proprietor.
ONE OF THE MOST NOTED MIXEBAIs
»prlng resorts and taaltartums In America.
Ope*: all the year round. Marvelous cures of
rheumatism, blood, liver, kidney and stomach
disorders. Famous mud and sand baths. Ele-
gant hotel accommodations. Rates, lncludlar
board, lodztn*. use of baths and oJvica ot
resident physician. SlO to C 3.
Special Round-Trip Rebate Tickets.
FRANK W. ELY. City Axeat.
Tel. Main 1043. No. M 0 Market at.. S. T.
HICHLAHD SPRINGS
J. CRAIG and H. R. WARNER. Hers.
Swimming Tanks, Bowling Alleys. Croquet
and Tennis Grounds. Hot and Cold Mineral
Baths. Competent Masseurs. Fine Livery.
Hunting Horses and Doss. Experienced Ouldes.
GEO. W. WATSON, the famous Hunter and
Fisherman (so many years at Bartlett) will be
here to welcome his host o' friends.
• OVER 30 MINERAL SPRINGS.
Rates. |10. *12 and *» per week.
Resident Physician. Advice Free. One Hun-
dred and Fifty Rooms, lighted by Electricity.
Hotel and Cottaees. lathed and plastered.
COOL ROOMS. Plenty of Shade.
BEST* PAID ORCHESTRA IN LAKE
COUNTY.
Dancing In Ballroom every evening: George
W. Watson, Dancing Teacher. Tennis and Golf
Tournaments Weekly.
ONLY GOLF LINKS IN LAKE COUNTY.
Address HIGHLAND SPRINGS HOTEL, or
call on L. D. CRAIG, 316 Montgomery straet.
Highland Springs Mineral ' Waters on sale at
OAKLAND PIONEEU SODA WATER CO..
Thirteenth and Webster ytreetx, Oakland:
AHRENS, PEIN & BULLWINKLE. 620 Post
street, San Francisco.
Patriarchs Militant.
Next Wednesday night Canton San
Francisco No. 5 of the Patriarchs Mili
tant. I. O. 0.F.. will have a public instal
lation of officers, exhibition drill and ball
in Odd Fellows' Hall. This Is to be an in
vitational function.
to get out first, and here is where the
trouble commenced. Just as Hiller was
climbing out of the small boat it gave a
sudden lurch, which sent him incontin
ently Into the water. Hiller floundered
around, but luckily did not sink.
All was confusion for a moment, but
the men on the schooner were equal to
the occasion. A block and tackle was se
cured, and' on the hook being lowered It
was attached to the stoutest part of Hil
ler's clothing and he was gradually hauled
up on the deck of the schooner. There
were no clothes large enough to fit him
on board, so he was wrapped up in this
mainsail until his garments had a chance
to dry out. As soon as they were ready
Hiller refused to go back in the small
boat, and one of his friends had to row
ashore and secure a launch, which landed
him safely, and then Hiller rode home in
a hack, a drier but a wiser man.
FAT MAN SAVED WITH
A BLOCK AND TACKLE
Heroic Measures Used on JVC. Hiller,
a Market-Street Cigar-Dealer,
Who Fell in the Bay.
Jules C. Hiller, the Market street cigar
dealer, met with a mishap last Friday
afternoon which has caused no end of
amusement among his numerous friends.
A number of young men of this city
stricken with the Nome fever Invited Hil
ler. who weighs in the neighborhood of
400 pounds, to pay a visit to the schooner
Emma, which is lying off Harrison street
wharf. A skiff was hired and the party
headed for the schooner with Hiller safely
stov.ed in the stern in order to make the
rowing all the easier.
The skiff reached the vessel without any
mishap, though the top of the stern was
within a hair's breadth of the water ow
ing to the exceeding avoirdupois pos
sessed by Hiller. When the skiff went
alongside the ship it was considered the
safest thing to back up and allow Hiller
to little Master Deane, who; In complete
Japanese girl's costume, sat upon an Ori
entaily cushioned and draped divan and
distributed the preuv favors to the par
ticipants in the grand march, which was
leu by Mrs. Deane and Mr. Wells.
On Wednesday evening, March 21, Mr.
and Mrs. Edwin Oscar Burns (nee Teresl)
entertained at dinner a party in honor of
Ludwig Stern. Mr. Stern has left for
Seattle, where he will join Mrs. Ludwig
Stern, whence they will journey througn
the Eastern States and Europe..
A "barn party" was given by Miss Annie
Duley at the residence of her parents, 1713
Mission street, Wednesday evening, April
4. Those present were: Mr. and Mrs. F.
f. L»uley, air. and Mrs. J. F. Miller Mrs.
Allen, Mrs. Macpnee, Mis=es Emma Tajer,
Vioa umpbe.l, Ada jiaker, ots.sie Wal
ters, TilUe fa. Macphee, Margie Kiddock,
M. Raleigh, Lillie Kaleigh, Bessie Lewin.
Susie C. Tulev, Saran Woods, May
Woods, Eunice Jones, Daisy Walters, Etta
Voege, Mersey Beardsley, M. G. Allen and
Annie Duley, and C. A. Miller, Bart
Burtschall, Chester Armstrong, George
Miller, Ed Miller, Walter Campbell, Jonn
R. Miller, Edgar H. Tuley, Ed Z. Lind
say, Clifford bpinney, Chanes H. Mason,
Omar F. Baker, George L. Foster, Wil
liam H. Zitsham, Frank H. Locke, E. P.
Taber, William A. bteward, A. F. Mac
phee. George Klarmann and Masters F.
E. Duley and Richard Scollin. Dancing
was enjoyed until a late hour. .
A very pleasant party was tendered to
Master Harry .Pratt at the residence of
his parents, 43S Jessie street, Thursday
evening. April 5, it being the thirteentn
anniversary of his birthday. An enjoya
ble time was spent in games, singing, rec
itations and dancing, after whicn tne lit
tle guests marched into the dining-room,
where refreshments were served. Among
those present were: Misses Ruth O'Day,
Kittle Welsh, Hattie. Campbell. Alma
Smith, Tessie O'Day, Laura Gorman, Ag
nes O'Connor, Emma Smith, Luiu O Day,
Annie Schrober, Ellen O'Connor, Madeline
.feceraz, Clara benrober, Mary Kee
gan. and Masters Harry Pratt. Joseph
O'Connor, Joseph Nolan, Arthur Pratt,
Curtis Widman, Joseph Feeney, Lionel
Smith, Frank Pratt, John Driscoll and
William Tardella.
A party in honor of the fifth birthday
anniversary of their son. Master John
Wilson, was given on Tuesday by Mr. and
Mrs. J. C. Wnson of 904 Devisadero street.
The 5-year-old host and his party of little
friends had a merry time. Among those
present were: Miss Margery Morse, Miss
l^oralne Plum, Miss Irma Dierks, Miss
Vera Hirschfeld, Miss Alma Smith, Miss
Dorothy Haxe. Miss Elinor Fay, Miss
Katheryn Irvine, Bradford Parnsh, Clar
ence A\ oods, Frank Wood 3 Willie Shiels,
Mortimer Plum, Jamie Irvine, Harry
Howell. Elmer Griffen, Milton Griffen and
Fred McWilliams.
Mr. and Mrs. Edward Platz celebrated
their silver wedding anniversary on April
3 at their residence,' 1824 Devisadero
street. L. M. Anauzer officiated. The
home was elaborately decorated for the
occasion. The gifts were handsome and
numerous. The features of the evening
were: Comic selections by William
Hvnesj piano solo by Miss G. Sichlan,
mandolin and guitar duo by E. Seekamp
and H. Koch, recitation by Mrs. Bogel
and vocal selections by Mrs. F. Haus
mann. At the conclusion of the pro
gramme the guests assembled in the din-
Ing room, where a sumptuous repast
awaited them, after which dancing was
indulged in until the wee hours of the
morning. Among those present were: Mr.
and Mrs. O. Fischer, Mrs. H. Neustadt,
Miss D. Neustadt. Miss L. Sonnenberg,
Mr and Mrs. B. Grave, Mr. and Mrs P.
Leonhardt. Miss G. Leonhardt, Mr. and
Mrs J Mi-Lean, Miss M. McLean, Mr.
and Mrs. G. Buchholz, Mrs. G. Bauer,
Louis Rapp, F. Jaggi, E. Sands, C. Koch,
E. Seekamp, H. Koch, Mrs. J. Uphaus, L.
Uphaus, C. Mender, J. Taylor, G. Suhr,
Charles Lennon, Mrs. Bogel, Mrs. Harms,
Mrs. Volkmann, Mrs. Hoeckla, Mrs. Lane,
Miss B. Platz, Miss F. Platz, Mr. and
Mrs. XV. F. Koch. H. L. Bacigalupi, Mr.
and Mrs. J. Quadt, Mrs. A. Baumgarter,
Mr. ' and Mrs. Charles Erb, Mrs. S.
Betsche, Miss K. Betsche. Mrs. C. Grosse,
Mr and Mrs. A- Helmqulst, Mr. and Mrs.
G Sichlan, Miss G. Sichlan. Mr. and Mrs.
R. Valentine, Mr. and Mrs. F. Johnson.
Mr. and Mrs. W. Schueler and others. I
A very enjoyable social was given last
Wednesday evening at the residence of
Mrs. Chasteen, f» r >l O'Farrell street, it be
ing the twenty-first birthday anniversary
of her son, Forrest Hutchison. Among
those present were: Miss E. Hooper, J.
F. Kingston, Miss L. Hanson, George Mc-
Carthy, Roy Sweeny. Francis Eaton, Mrs.
Louise Waccaslna. Miss Eva Waccaslna,
Mrs. Silva Sorrel. Miss Olfoss, Miss Kittle
Fuslough, Chester Baker, Miss Ruth Al
len. August Roback, Miss Anne Bennett,
Miss Ethel Lipcomb, Mrs. Mary Lipcomb,
Miss Ethel Hutchison. Singing, music
and dancing were kept up until the wee
hours.
Thursday evening a reception was ten
dered the genial author. Dr. C. W. Doyle
of Santa Cruz, by a number of hia friends
in art and literary circles.
The affair, which was in the nature of
a high jinks, was celebrated at G. Leslie
Hunter's studio, Gil Clay street, which
was gayly decorated for the occasion with
lanterns and evergreens.
Dr. Doyle and Herman Scheffauer gave
the company readings from their recent
contributions to fiction and poetry, and
music arrd dancing served most pleasant
ly to pass the remainder of the evening.
Tho«e present were: Dr. C. XV. Doyle,
Mr. and Mrs. Grosvenor Bolles, Mißses
Partlngton, Misses Miles, Misses Craw
ford, Burr. Yon Bremen, Easterday and
Comstock and Messrs. Herman and Fred
Scheffauer, George and John Magee, S.
Armstrong, Alfred Galpln, XV. J. Wey
mouth, G. S. Shoals, XV. E. Little and 6.
Leslie Hunter.
Mrs. August Schumacher gave a most
delightful surprise party to her brother,
Louis, on Saturday evening, March 31, at
his residence, 135 Lexington avenue.
Members of the Tlvoll Opera Company
contributed to the entertainment of the
guests and Arthur Boyce, Harry Nieman,
Alphonse Luttringer, M. Voisen and
others made it one round of enjoyment
until 4 o'clock In the morning. Supper
was served in the decorated arbor of the
garden, under a canopy of Japanese
lanterns and flowers.
On Thursday of last week Mrs. Bert 8.
Hubbard of Vernon Heights, Oakland,
gave a luncheon In honor of Miss Mary
Hubbard, who has been visiting her
brothers this winter. During the luncheon
Mrs. Jennlson C. Hall of Alameda an
nounced the engagement of her brother,
James Finlay Wiggins, to Miss Hubbard
Mr. Wiggins is the son of W..\V. Wiggins
of San Francisco.
Miss Hubbard leaves for her home In the
East next Monday morning. She will soon
return to this coast as a bride. The color
scheme of the luncheon was pale yellow
The dining-room was a bower of yellow-
Lady Bnnkshea roses. The invited guests
were: Mrs. Jennlson C. Hall, Mrs. XV. XV
Wiggins, Mrs. George C. Hubbard, Mrs
David R. Rae. Mrs. Bert 8. Hubbard
Miss Mary Hubbard. Miss Caroline Wig
gins, Miss Jessie Wiggins, Miss Florence
Hooper, Miss Grace Cope, Miss Eveyln
Craig, Miss Edith Newell, Miss Edith
Hubbard, Miss Amelia Hall, Miss Pauline
Collins and Miss Bessie Hlnman.
Walter Radius gave an enjoyable April
fools' party last Sunday evening at his
residence. 1609V4 Baker street. Those pres
ent were the Misses Emma Falch, Clara
Klemm. Emily Klcmm, Sophie Schern
stein. Emma Schernstein, Ida -Maurer
Georgia Gray Emily Radius and Bessie
Roberts, and Leo V. Starr, L. *W. Burn
ham, Otto Falch, Herman Helm, Roy
Block, Herbert Gray. Edwin Wasserman
Emil Schernstein and Walter Radius.
In the Future.
¦ The patronesses of the Berkeley Cotll
jon Club desire to announce that the nest
meeting will take place at Hearst Hall,
southeast corner Charming way and Pied
mont avenue, on Wednesday evening,
April 18. Chaperons and visitors' tickets
must be secured from M. S. Smith & Sons;
Oakland, or H. S. Crocker Co.. 227-229 Post
street, this city.
The first anniversary ball given by "The
Friends of Ninety-Nine" will be held on
Friday evening, April 2Q, at Mission Par
lor Hall, Seventeenth street, between Va
lencia and Guerrero.
The Arlon Club has sent out Invitations
for a concert and ball to be held at the
Verein Hall. 421 Post street, on the even-
Ing of April 22.- •
The Hay City Wheelmen have sent out
invitations for their fifteenth anniversary
reception at Golden Gate Hall on Tues
day evening, April 17.
The Mystics' fifty-eighth assemhly will
be held at Golden Gate Hall on Tuesday
evening. May 1.
The California Dramatic Company will
give nn entertainment and dance in Mis
sion Turn Verein Hall, Eighteenth and
Valencia streets, Tuesday evening,
April 17. The on(»-act comediette, "The
Open Gate." and the two-act drama,
"Hlck'ry J^arm," will be produced. The
cast Include?: Mles Sue Walker, Miss
Jennie Bernard. Miss Sadie Cross, John
D. Hurley. John E. Reynolds, John D.
Rafter. William J. Murray and H. P.
Wilkins.
The lnst party of the Associated Assem
bly will be held at Golden Gate Hall
April IS.
Daniel W. Stein will be confirmed Sat
urday, April 21. at the Taylor-street Syn
agague. At home Sunday afternoon.'
Mr. and Mrs. Albert THeber will receive
v.t their residence. 551 Bag* street, Sun
day. April 22. between 2 and 5 p. m. .
Golden Era Circle will give a souvenir
socinl on Tu<^sdnv evening, April 17, in
Pythian Castle. W Market street.
The League Club (members of Company
D, League of the Cross Cadets') will give
an entertainment and dance in Native
Sons' Hall, Mas^n street, on Friday even
ing, April 27. The best local talent will
appear, and the committee of arrange
ments Is leaving nothing undone In order
to insure the friends of the members a
pleasant evening^
Personals.
Mrs. M. Herzog and. Mrs. M. Lich
tensteln would be pleased to see their
friends Wednesday afternoon, April IS, at
1426 Jones street, prior to their departure
for Europe.
Mr. and Mrs. E. Jacob and family have
removed from 874 Fulton street to 2733
Clay street.
Mrs. Alan Ward is visiting her mother.
Dr. Lv Ella Cool, at Casa Esperanza,
Haywai*ds.
Adolph Fleishman of Los Angeles Is in
town on a visit.
Abe and Jake Spitz will leave to-morrow
morning for an extended trip through the
United States and Europe, . visiting all
points of interest and spending some time
at the Paris Exposition.
Mr. and Mrs. Alphonse Judls, accom
panied by their son Frank, leave this
morning on an extended European trip.
Miss Sadie Lapidaire of 1017 McAllister
street has left for an extended visit to
her aunt and uncle. Dr. and Mrs. P. Stein
hart of Los Angeles.
Mr. and Mrs. H. V. Macdonald left last
Sunday for an Eastern trip and expect to
be gone two months.
Mrs. J. C. Wilson of Oakland has re
turned from Vlsalla.
Mr. and Mrs. J. J. Kenny are spending
Easter at Marysville, the guests of Mrs.
M. Murphy.
Mr. and Mrs. Ancker have returned
from their trip south. Mrs. Ancker will
be at home Monday, April 16, at 703 Geary
street.
Mrs. F. E. Eaton and Miss Stella Eaton
have left for New York, whence they
will sail at once for Europe, expecting to
remain there several years.
Mrs. Calvin Nutting and family will re
move from 1611 Sacramento street to 1216
Jones street.
Colonel H. P. Bush and his son Arthur
have left for the East.
Miss Rose O'Halloran will observe the
total eclipse of the sun of May 2S in Mex
ico, and is preparing to take photographs
of the corona with a four-inch telescope.
Mrs. B. XV. Paulsen, Mrs. Gottlg and
Miss Gottig arrived in Southampton
April 4. .
Los Angeles.
On account of Holy Week the festivi
ties have been rather few and far be
tween, but next week promises to be gay.
On Tuesday evening Miss Carrie Neu
kom and Rev. Duncan Alexander Mcßea
were married at the residence of the
bride's mother. Mrs. C. Neukom, 224 East
Twenty-seventh street. t . The ceremony
was performed by the Rev. J. H. Gordon,
assisted by the Rev. Hugh K. Walker.
The Third Presbyterian Church, where
Rev. Mr. Mcßea has been pastor for some
- time, had been prettily decorated for a
reception which followed the ceremony.
Rev. and Mrs. Mcßea left for the Eai.t
en route to Europe, and upon their return
will reside in Vancouver, B. C. Follow
ing Is a list of guests who were present
at the ceremony: Rev. and Mrs. J. H.
Gordon, Rev. and Mrs. Hugh K. Walker,
Mr. and Mrs. E. Bailey, Mr. and Mrs. H.
C. Rebber, Mr. and Mrs. B. L. Lane, Mr.
and Mrs. N. Pople, Mr. and Mrs. A. Ham
ilton, Mr. and Mrs. George Mcßain,
Mmes. K. Moore, L. Hill, B. Wledman,
C. Kellar, the Misses Ida Hill, Ruby Hill,
Rea Hill, Lillie Hill, E. Thorton, May Ab
bott, Dr. McArthur and N. Bowers and
Masters Earl and Leland Rebber.
Mlsa Bertha Rose entertained the Entre
Nous Club at her home on West Thir
teenth street on Tuesday evening. The
following were present: The Misses Mary
Widney, Jessie Wood, Florence Tilden,
Clara Lippc, Helen Hoose, Marie Turner,
Winnie Healey. Helen Harringman, Helen
Christy, Ethel Hardy, Klara Pennel,
Francis Kerr. Messrs. Roy Arnold, Frank
Wellington, Mathew Holmes, Harry Bud
long, Phllo Jones, Jack Hull, Claire En
geart, Harry Tilden, Harry Briggs. Clar
ence Heaton, L. T. Bradford, Guy Pauline
and Charles Rose.
Mr. and Mrs. Percy H. McMahun en
tertained with a box party at the Bur
bank on Saturday evening. A supper at
Levy' 3 followed. Following were guests:
Mr. and Mrs. Sidney H. Ellis, Mr. and
Mrs. John Wilson, Mrs. Catherine Lan
den, Miss Harrlette Howe and Charles
Hellman.
Sergeant and Mrs. W. T. Jeffreys (for
merly Mrs. Sherward) have returned from
their wedding trip and are residing on
Rockwood street.
Mr. and Mrs. Oscar C. Mueller (nee
Schroder) have gone to New York on their
wedding tour.
Dr. E. A. Bryant sailed from New York
Tuesday for a visit to the Paris Exposi
tion.
Mr. and Mrs. L. J. Christopher have left
for the East en route to Europe, where
they expect to spend several months in
visiting France, Germany, Spain and Eng
land.
Mr. and Mrs. Ezra T. Stimson, who havo
been traveling in the East for some time,
have returned to their home in this city.
Mr. and Mrs. W. J. Olcott of Duluth,
Minn., who have been the guests of Mr.
and Mrs. W. H. Holabird of Westlake
avenue, left in their private car Saturday
for San Francisco.
Miss Floy Galpln and her gruest, Miss
Maud Swartz of Chicago, are visiting
friends in Santa Barbara.
Miss Louise McFarland has gone to Riv
erside to visit Mrs. B. B. Gaylord.
J. Downey Harvey of San Francisco is a
guest in this city. He is here on business.
J. P.. McCarthy has returned from a visit
to San Francisco, where ha went on busi
ness.
Count yon Knoblock and family of Ger
many are in the city for a visit of several
weeks.
• Mrs.. Louis Roeder Sr. has gone to Fres
no to visit friends. .
Mr. and Mrs. Harry Harrington have
removed to the Hotel Rosslyn, -where Mrs.
Harrington will receive her friends on the
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 15, 1900
first and fourth Wednesdays of each
month.
_ MJss -Florence jj U dd of West' Twenty
nfth street has as her guests the Misses
Molea Benton and Emma McFarlane of
San Bernarmno.
Mrs. R.F. Stocking and Miss Nellie
Stocking of San Diego have gone East.
1 hey expect to spend two months in vlslt
ine the large cities of the East and South.
Mrs. li,. Doran has as her guest her
mother, Mrs. Byron Waters of San Ber
nardino.
- Mlsa -Mabel Tanner has as her guest
Miss Ada Ballcw of San Diego.
Dr. J. M.^ Hurley of San Bernardino is
a guest of friends in this city.
• Miss Gertrude McCaffery is visiting her
aunt, Mrs. McNenemey of Santa Monica.
Mrs. Rissman and daughter, Mrs. K.
Woolley, have gone to San Francisco on
a visit for several weeks.
The marriage of Miss Kate Avelvn
Green, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. William
Green, to Leon Wilson Musted is an
nounced for Thursday evening, April 19,
at University M. E. Church.
Mrs. W. Shemwell has gone to Colorado
Springs for a short visit.
Mrs. Fred Browne is visiting friends in
Santa Paula.
Mr. and Mrs. H. B. Hotchkiss are visit
ing friends in San Diegro.
Mr. and Mrs. Frank Wiggins have re
turned from a short visit to Catalina.
Professor and Mrs. Eisner of the Sol
diers' Home have a3 their guests Mr. and
Mrs. E. C. McCollough of Manila.
Earl Mueller has returned to Belmont
School to resume hia studies.
At the Resorts.
Gllroy rjot Springs
Recent arrivals at Gllroy Hot Springs
include: Don Reagan, Gilroy; Ella T.
Reagan, Canada; James Shea, San Fran
cisco; E. Zanetta, San Juan; R. Rarrense.
.Maine; S. W. Kilpatrick, F. Dowdy.
Gilroy; Miss M. L. Harris, Miss Betty
Harris, San Jose; Charles Branch, Gilroy;
Robert Ebert. Seattle; C. Pollard, Gilroy;
H. A. Farnham, Vermont; H. Farnham,
W. S. Moore, Gilroy; J. H. Dibborn, J.
W. Rooch, S. L. Plant. Miss M. E. Haw
ley, San Francisco; C. M. Barney and
wife, George A. Wents. Carroll Wents,
Gilroy; C. R. Slaysrnan. Orestimber; Dr.
William E. Keith James D. Miner, Mrs.
XV. S. Clayton, Master Bradley Clayton,
Mrs. C. H. Walles, San Jose: F. W. Sar
gent. Iowa; John W. Short, Fresno; E. R.
Mauzy and wife, San Francisco; J. A.
Lnird. O. T. Moore. E. E. Lewis, George
Mathias. Walter Robins, Mrs. J. R. Rob
ins. Gilroy; Mrs. Ella Woodruff, Los An
geles: James A. Sargent Jr.. Sargents
Station; Mrs. J. F. Nolan and maid, J. F.
Nolan, James E. Nolan, Miss San San
Nolan, XV. S. Young. G. A. Johnson, San
Francisco; George Dorody, Gilroy; J. G.
Jensen, Oakland: Mrs. Ellsworth, Coyote
Ranch; T. A. Hyde, A. Bruster. San Fran
cisco: J. XV. Milnes and wife, Gilroy;
Charles S. Milnes, wife and two children.
Eureka; James Kannely Jr.. S. J. Mayock.
Gilroy; S. T. Patterson, San Francisco;
George E. Rea, Gilroy; Captain 11. K.
Struve. Captain E. D. Parson?, San
Francisco: H. Hecker/ W. C. Bennett,
Gilroy; George 11. Sleby and wife, San
Francisco: Mrs. Dent, Mrs. McConnell.
San Juan; O. B. Hipp and wife. Michigan;
Miss McMlllen, San Jose; J. Olivar, San
Francisco: John Robinscn. Mrs. Robinson
and son. Miss Agnes Robinson, Michigan;
Mrs. Walter Jackson, Chicago: H. Tim
merman, Peter Dean, Benj S. Dean, San
Francisco; Mrs. L. E. White, Berkeley;
I. S. Thompson, Santa Clara; Mrs. B.
Wood, San Jose; R. XV. Reck, San Fran
cisco; Mr. Brem, Gilroy.
Paso Robles.
The guests registered at Paso Robles
are: M. Moore and wife. George N.
O'Brien, E. F. Treadwell and wife. A.
I^amberth. F. Marriott and wife. Major
O. M. Smith, Mrs. D. Walter. Mrs. Moses
Heller and son, William A. Schutz. John
Lloyd and wife. Miss Cad Wilson. Adolph
Klau. Mrs. M. Malson. S. T. Close, F. C.
Hotallng, D. V. McLean, D. Leffman.
Miss G. C. Wells, Miss Lena Dieke and F.
R. Wells of San Francisco: Mrs. L.
Blakeslee and Mrs. Lottie Jay, Los An
geles; F. McFarland. O. L. Elliott. Thom
as D. Wood. Albert N. Smith, G. H. Marx
and Morton H. Aldrich. Stanford; Mrs.
M. Wall and Miss M. Wall, Alameda;
Mrs. C. B. Kuehlin and son. Chicago;
General P. W. Murphy Santa Margarita;
G. Buckingham and Miss Marie Bucking
ham, Seattle.
Paralso.
The following guests registered at Pa
ralso during the past week: Prince Kulua,
Princess Kulua and valet. Honolulu; Ed
ward H. Goetze, Jacob Rummetsch, J. B.
Relnhardt, James Dunphy. Grace Run
yon Mrs Dodge, Captain Matthews, Mr.
Hillman and Mr. Bitter, San Francisco;
A. Gilliland, Isaac Grant and J. N. Besse,
King City; Mr. Botsford, Philadelphia:
Mrs. "William Bannon and daughter, Mrs.
Hunt and Mrs. Flint. Oakland; J. J. Wil
son and wife and Father Jacquet, San
Jose: J. E. League. Mrs. A. Christenson.
A. J. Zabala and Captain Cayer, Salinas;
George Seihy and wife, O. 11. Wlllouerhby.
P. W. Morse. George Jessen and R. H.
Pearson, Watsonvllle.
ADVESTISE3CENTS.
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
Ar.d a!l other facial Vderr.ishps are removed by
DR. and MRS. A. \V. THAVERPE, Donohoc
tniilSinz. 11T'» Market St., cor. Taylor, rooms
»f.-~<. with the <:lcctrio n«e<3le without pain or
tear. Permanency guaranteed; hours 1 to 4 p. ra.
The jrreatert *kin food and tissue builder.
BRAHMAN TOILET CREAM
P.emo\»>s wrlnklca by making the tkin firm.
It renaere the skin soft, ¦
f.mwilh. i-tear. whit" and !™™""™"™^™>Sr™"™™"
youthful. It Is a liquid, j &&&\ \ x&s
Any cream of the con- f*%4vii\!jvf r ~^
*ist«»ncy of butter -will I &?%£%7l^Sgk
FTlmuiate tlie irrowth of *<M*3«^£> "-JK?
hair on th*- fa**. Hrah- y&ffi-r&*tKsi%
rrian 1 liet Cream U ' v>3 'T v Vj?2t
K'Jaj-ant^ed not to &n ko. • .XftSk "ooSwCSr
I'rice V>c. I'.rahman Tooth ,, v 2JBj|t SwJ&tr 3 '
P'jno>r r,?k\ Ali druceit-ts *C*TlSS&*£vW'Z*i
and at office of A. W »"*VwSB33*£\i;v»^
TIiAYKKSE. M. T). <g6 ' '
THE LIBERAL
CREDIT HOUSE.
One rtslt »!!! convince you that rou are
!n the ricK st-,re. lJj X reduciiong In
Carpets, Furniture, Mattings, tic,
Hou«g Purrished Complete.
Goodi- delivered free within 10} miles.
BRILLIANT'S,
338-340-342 POST ST.,
KEAJI POWELL.
Open Evenings.
~S\ faro Gray to
J3JI Original Color
tzmmM In 4 Days
MRS. HARRISON'S
4 DAY HAIB RESTORER
(A modern triumph in chemistry)
Net a dj-e but a natural restorer that in 4 dayt
will restore Rrcy or faded hair to the natural color
of youth and preserve the co'or permsntly.
Leave* the hair finr and gflowy, clean and free
from stickiness and sediment. Easily applied
and positive in its action.
PRICE, tI.C" Fci Sale et ui Dsccojsts
/Irs. NETTIE HARRISON. Dermatologist
40-42 GrA KY ST., San Francisco, Calif,
waJader. Robert M. Eyre, Frederick W.
McNear. Harry Poett, A. C. Taylor and
U . H. Taylor Jr.
Miss Kuth McXutt gave a luncheon in
honor of Miss Helen Thomas last week
at her home on Pacific avenue. The other
quests were: Miss Cadwalader. Miss Ham
ilton, Miss Mary Josselyn: Miss Therese
Morgan. Miss Adelaide Murphy. Miss
Edith Proston and Miss Mollie Thomas.
The wedding of Dr. T. A. Vogel. son of
A. B. Vogel, the well-known insurance
man. and Miss Ethel Florence Young,
daughter of Mrs. Eva Young and niece
of Walter Young, vico president of the
Bank of British Columbia, will take place
on the last day of this month. The cere
mony will be performed at St. Stephen's
Church, on Fulton street. The young
couple will go on a wedding trip to the
southern part of the State, and will spend
some weeks at CataMna Island.
They're Engaged
The engagement is announced of Aaron
S. Levin to Miss Dora H. Brown. Re
ception to-day from 2 to 5 o'clock at 2C06
California street.
Miss Mildred A. Levy and Eugene R.
Cohnreich will be united In marriage on
Sunday afternoon, April 29, at the home
of the bride's aunt. 1018 Haight street.
Mr. and Mrs. J. Stcen announce the en
gagement of their daughter Bella to Mor
ris Benas, both of Oakland.
Mr. and Mrs. J. M. Rothchild announce
the engagement of their daughter Irma to
Louis A. Kohn of Chicago. At home the
afternoons of Friday and Sunday, April 20
and 22.
Wedding Bells
Louis H. Danhauer and Rowena M.
Tarrant were married on Wednesday,
April 4, in Oakland. Mr. and Mrs. Dan
hauer will be at home on Wednesdays,
after May 1. at 1906»£ Golden Gate avenue,
San Francisco.
Miss Dora Knell, the well known and
beautiful young daughter of Jacob
Knell, one of the old residents
of this city, was married on the
afternoon of the 4th inst. to Frank
Johnson of the postal service by
Rev. Mr. Bell of the First United Presby
terian Church. A reception followed the
ceremony at the home of Mr. and Mrs.
XV. 12. Ashmore at Ninth and Mission
street?, Mrs. Ashmore being the sister of
the bride. The honeymoon trip will em
brace a month's trip to the riorth, where
the groem's family reside, after which
their residence will be in this city.
Home Gatherings
On Thursday evening. March 29, at 20
Sadowa street. Ocean View. Mr. and Mrs.
C. Gehring celebrated the twenty-flfth an- ¦
nivereary of their wedding. The evening
was spent with entertainment, music and
dancing, followed by a sumptuous repast.
F. C Gehring: amused and mystified the
company by some of his wonderful and
original sleight of hand tricks, followed by
Miss S. Quiun who proved her ability as
an elocutionist. Others to assist on the
programme were Mrs. Qulnn, Mr 3. Beach
and Mrs. Casey. Mr. and Mrs. Gehring
were the recipients of many beautiful and
costly pieces of silverware. Those pres
ent wrre: Mr. and Mrs. C Gehring, rilr.
and Mrs. Casey, Mr. and Mrs. Wood. Mr.
and Mrs. Price. Mr. and Mrs. Frages, Mr
and Mrs. 11. Plath. Mr. and Mrs. W. Cor
bin. Mr. and Mr». Wardell. Mrs. Quinn,
Mrs. .Beach. Mrs. Bailey, Mrs. Jenkins,
Miss E. Rooks. Miss K. Wood, Miss J.
Wood, Miss S. Qulnn. Miss S. Dissimeyer,
Miss M. Gehring. Miss Anna Hurt, Miss
Mabeland, Miss Irene Gehring, J. Good
friend, C Miculich. B. Farmer, .Wayne
Corbfn and K. diaries Gehrlug.
A delightful tea was given recently by
Mrs. G. W. Saunders and Miss H. M.
Saunders at their residence, 734 Pine
street, in honor of Mrs. Leslie Bresbin
of Napa, who is spending a few days in
this city.
A farewell party was tendered Sam
Heinstein :it the residence of Mrs. Captain
Klusman Thursday evening, April 12. One
of the pleasing features of the evening's
f-ntortainmer.t was a quartet composed of
Captain Charles Klusman, Vincent George.
Krnest Hamburger and Edward Lock
baum: also vocal and instrumental music
by Miss Marie Lewis.
A Japanese costume party was given
last week by Mr. and Mrs. C. S. Wells
of 1901 Post street. The decorations, main
ly the work of Mrs. Packard, one of the
invited guests, were purely Japanesque
and extremely tasteful and effective.: The
following ladies were in full Japanese cos
tume: Mrs. Taylor. Mrs. William A.
Deane, Mrs.Schroeder, Mrs. Frank Bauer
Miss Bagley. Miss Stiller. Miss Gruhn,
Miss Viola Selig, Misses Alice and Fran
ces Shine, Misses Emma ' and Sophie
Rhernstein, Miss Harvey, Miss Trezevant
Miss Cleveland. Miss Simpson. Miss Pen
nlngton. Miss Hunsaker. Miss Bailey, Miss
Van Kirk and Miss Maybelle Smith. Those
present. In addition, were: Mrs. Packard,
Mrs. Trezevant, Mrs. Hall, Mrs. Short,
Mrs. Stiller. Mrs. Schroeder and Mrs.
Kate Waters. The gentlemen who took
part In the dance were: Messrs. Israel,
Gruhn. Shaw, Gurney. Van Kirk, Frlsbie,
McLaren, Broaden, Sweeney, Hutchlnson,
Mooney, Dv Bose, Jarman and Thomas.
Among bo many elegant and appropriate
costumes discrimination was difficult, but
the first and second prizes for ladles were
finally awarded to Mrs. Taylor and Mlsa
Stiller. The gentlemen's prize was given
PAR4ISO HOT SPRINGS, *•*•!£*&..
Monterey County, Cal. — For health, rent,
climat* that cannot be equaled; np-to-dat*
accommodations; beautiful scenery; profusion
of flowers: hot soda, sulphur and electrio
baths: ewimminc tank ttxfiO feet. Oar maaseura
¦re all graduate*. Hunting and fishing ; chil-
dren's playground, croquet, lawn tennis and
dance ball: large hotel and 33 cottages, afford-
ing special accommodations for families; all
Jllumtnatird by gas. 3y train. Third and Town-
send streets^ San Francisco. 9 a. m,: First and
Broadway, Oakland. »:K> a. m. dally for Sole-
rtad. then by stage over beautiful level road 7
mlleu to sDrtrurs. Round-trtD tickets $3. at 8.
X ofUcs. Sl3 Market street. Telephone and
postofflce. For Illustrated pamphlets and ftir-
ther laformatlon address E. L. PERRAULT.
M. D. proprietor and resident physician.
VICHY SPRINGS.
Three miles from ITklah. Mendoclao County.
Natural electric waters, champagne baths: only
place In the world of thla class of waters
having continuous flow of natural warm -water
direct from sprtngs to bathtubs. Lovely
grounds; fishing and hunting; crystal spring;
accommodations and table first clou. Opens
April 15th.
J. A. REDEMEYEIt & CO.. Proprietors.
LAUREL DELL
LAKE.
The mont attractive place In Lake County to
spend your vacation. Boating, hathlng, bowl-
ing tennis. llTery, new walks, etc. Write for
circular to H. WAMBOLD.
Lnnrei Dell. Lake County. Cal.
J?O WA RD E N NA TV.
H. Francis Anderson, President; William n
Lamb. Vice President and Manager; J. Dal-
tell Brown, Treasurer.
Situated la the Santa Cruz Mountains, on
San Lorenzo River, SVi hours from S. F 19
mile* from Santa Cruz; grounds and river lit
by electric lights ; tennis, bowling, boating
bathing and fishing: golf links; elegant hall
and clubrooms; good music and billiards- all
rooms hard finished and elegantly furnts'hed
Round trip. *3. Telephone In hotel. Address
B. Dickinson, swrrtary and lessee Ben Lo-
mond. Opens Mar Uth.
OPENS MAT Ist. Round Trip. $J 75. Send for
circulars. FREESE & JUERGENSEN.
Proprietors. City office. 918 Larkln street.
SKAGGS W?»%g*-#*gg
from Pan Franciico and but nln« mile* of
•taging; waters noted for medicinal virtues-
best natural bath in State; grand mountita
scenery: good trout rtreams •? door: tel«nnon#
telegraph: dull* mail and expresi- •first*
CLAPS HOTEL AND BTAOK SEHVlCE-
morning and nfternoon stag's: round trin tr^i
>'• :; J- P- MULGREW. Proprietor.
GLENWOOD HOTEL,
Among the redwoods, Santa Cruz Mountains: 3
minutes' walk from depot: cream, fruit, poul-
try; chalybeate springs, swimming tank, amuse-
ment hall; acetylene gas. Hound trip. J2 50: JS
to $10 per week: free carriage. WM. MARTIN,
Glenwood. Cal.
b b. p E c - TOCALOMA, «$™
F.. every Friday from S to s^clock.
HO! FOR BLUE LAKES.
"Will be opened, under new management. Mar
15. New hotel being built. Fishing, hunting,
boating and bathing. For further particulars
address O. WEISMAN, 41 Third «t.. 8. F.. Cal.
30
SOCIETY
WEDDIXG bells trill rlnp out mer
rily during Easter week, and
each day is to have its share of
fashionable entertainments.
Th«» marriape of Miss Emily Hager to
Walter Loonard Dean ¦will be celebrated
at the home of the bride-elect, on Frank
lin and Sacramento streets, at 4 o'clock
un the afternoon of Tuesday, April 24.
The wedding of Miss Harriet W. Kitt
redpe and Frank F. Baldwin of Honolulu
¦Rill take place on Thursday evening, April
20, at the home of the bride's parents, Mr.
and Mrs. E. H. KiTtrrdge, in Oakland.
Mrs. Walter K. Dean will jrlve a recep
tion on Tuesday, April 17, at her apart
ments in th^ Palace Hotel in honor of
Miss Emily Hagt-r, whose engagement to
h*-r pnn, Walter L. Dean, was recently an
coonced.
Mi.<s Helen Hopkinp will Rive a lunch
eon on Friday. April 20, in honor of Miss
Helen Thomas, who is to be married on
the following WViJnfpiJay.
Mis? Helen Hopkins gave a dinner at
lier home, at California and Lagruna
streets, recently in honor of Miss Mary
Scott. Those at Table were: Miss Hop
kins, Miss Mary Prott, Miss Caro Crock
ett, Miss Edna Hopkins. Miss Georgina
Hopkins. Miss Therese Morgan, Bert Cad-Morning— "Christ, the Resurrection and the <*>
Life." Evening— "The Fallen Counten- <$>
anec."
____ — _ 4>
Morning — Sermon by Rev. William FlsK <p
Guthrle. Evening— Same. .-;¦>
Morning— "The Resurrection of Christ, the <$
Greatest Miracle Ever Wrought In the <$>
World's History-" Evening— "The Resur- <$>
rection the Hope of Our Redemption." a,
Morning— Sermon and special music. Even- <*¦•
Ing— Sermon and special music. <§>
Mornlnpr— "Easter Joy Service." : Evening— <s>
"Fact and Sentiment." <^
Morning— "Eaiter Joy." Evening— "Easter 4>
Gratitude." <*
Morning— "To Redeem Israel." Evening— <^
"The Better Hope." 3>
: <g>
Morning— "Hope." Evening— "The Com- 'J>
promise."
THONE MAIN 532.
THIS SUNDAY EVENING,
FIRST APPEARANCE OF OUR SPECIALLY
ENGAGED NEW YORK COMPANY.
In David Henderson's Famous Up-to-Date
Extravaganza.
AJN
GIRL,
...0n...
ALIBABA AND THE FORTY THIEVES
THE MOST GORGEOUS AND PERFECT EX-
TRAVAGANZA PRODUCTION EVER
PRESENTED IN THIS CITY.
NEW AND BEAUTIFUL. SCENERY. IN-
CLUDING A SUPERB TRANSFOR-
MATION. ENTITLED
"VENUS UNDER THE SEA." By Frank King.
Magnificent Costumes Specially Manufactured
for the occasion by H. ANDERSON of this city.
Music composed and arranged by our new
Musical Director. W. H. BATCHALOR (late
of David Henderson's Companies).
BEAUTIFUL AND PICTURESQUE BAL-
LETS, the principal feature of which will be
the FamouF PREMIERE DANSEUSE ASSO-
LUTA MLLE. EDITH CRASKE (late of Da-
vid Henderson's Companies). NEW NAUTI-
CAL MARCH OF 4S BEAUTIFUL GIRLS,
specially contrived for the occasion by our
celebrated Stage Manager. CHARLES H.
JONES.
A SUPERB CAST.
Including LOUISE ROYCE. IDA HAWLEY.
MABEL RUSSELL. BLANCHE CHAPMAN.
ISABELLE UNDERWOOD. ELLA AUBRY.
ALICE ST. JOHN. CHRIS BRUNO, DOUG-
LAS FLINT. GEORGE C. LYDING. HARRY
C. CASHMAN. RICHARD C. NEWCASTLE.
CLARENCE HANNELL. W. F. BALLAN-
TYNE and others.
USUAL POPULAR PRICES.
Rpgular SUNDAY MATINEES. Commencing
April 22. Saturday Matinees as Usual. Good
Reserved Seat in Orchestra at all Matinees, Sic.
Branch Ticket Office Emporium.
MATINEE -:- THIS -:- SUNDAY -:- AT -:- 2.
Every Night at 8 o'clock.
3D WEEK and
CONTINUED SUCCESSI
"QUO VADIS!"
NEVER BEFORE SUCH A SUCCESS AT THE
ALCAZAR.
Reserved Seats Six Days In Advance.
PRICES— ISc, 25c, 35c, 50c.
OLYMTIA «gXK&»
THE ONLY FREE VAUDEVILLE SHOW IN
THE CITY. ." y.;"
ROMALO BROTHERS,
The World's Greatest Head-to-head Balancers.
THE BLACK~BARTQNS,
. The Aristocracy of Colored Comedy.
ALICE RAYMOND,
The Celebrated Lady Oornetlst. "
AND OUB CELEBRATED STOCK COMPANY.
ADMISSION FREE.
MATINEES EVERY SUNDAY.
AMATEUR NIGHT EVERY FRIDAY.
SHERMAN, CLAY_& GO.'S HALL.
Tendered to
...MISS ADELAIDE RODDY...
Asststed by
• BERNARD WALTHER.... Violinist.
ROSCOE WARREN LUCEY.-PUnist.
A. RODEMAN... Flute.
TICKETS -. - - - - - - * - " 73 CenU.
Ing, after which the neighbors who were
present and the degree team of the camp
paid a visit to San Francisco Camp No.
437, In its new quarters in the Mission Ma
ponic Temple. There were present. a large
number of visitors from the local camps.
There were initiated fifteen candidates,
seven of whom came over from San Ra
fael to be introduced Into the mysteries
of the order. The work was performed by
the degree team with that .perfection
which has gained for it many words of
praise. San Francisco Camp now has a
membership of 120 and at the meeting re
ferred to twelve applications were receiv
ed. After the ceremonies of initiation all
present were invited by the camp's social
committee to the banquet hall, where a
sumptuous spread was enjoyed. • Neighbor
Donelley entertained with songs and a
number of the neighbors were called upon
for responses to toasts. From the re
marks made It look very much as if thk
camp will soon rise to second place in
this city.
Golden Gate Camp had initiations Mon
day night and will have more on the
night of the 23d Inst.. when the work will
be performed by the degree team, and
those Woodmen who will 'attend will be
repaid for the time they spend in seeing
this team do Its work. v.
Tamalpais Camp has of late, under good
of the order, introduced a feature of dis
cussion of public topics. The latest of
these was a discussion on the British-Boer
war and the causes that led up to It. A
great deal of information on the subject
was Imparted, as the Boer side was pre
sented by Laurence Vincent at one meet
ing and the other side was presented at
the following one by Dr. M. B. Estes.
There is considerable activity in all the
local camps and in the Circle of Wood
craft on the subject of the grand bazaar
that is to be given shortly In aid of the
Relief Bureau. Woodmen of the World.
Nearly all the details have been arranged
for It. and it is expected that it will at
tract a great deal of attention.
Women of Woodcraft.
California Circle of the Women of
Woodcraft on the last Friday in March
had a short business meeting at which
there was the election of one stranger and
the reception of seven applications. After
the closing ceremonies there was an ad
journment to the Shasta Hall of the Na
tive Sons' building, where there was an
open meeting for the entertainment of
friends. There was an overture by ' an
orchestra, vocal solo by Police Officer An
derson of the Police Glee Club, recitations
by Miss Mollie Cavanagh and Miss Tan
ner, piano selections by Miss Alice Hicks
and an exhibition of fancy dancing by
Miss Irene Gelman, and then followed an
address by Dr. M. B. Estes and dancing
until midnight. During the evening there
was a flash-light picture taken of the
neighbors of the circle.
Last Monday a new circle was instituted
in Loring Hall, Oakland, in the presence
of neighbors from this city Vallejo,
Stockton," Sacramento and San Jose.
Thomas M. Robinson, clerk of Oakland
Camp, had charge of the enrollment.
Redwood Circle No. 72 on Saturday, the
7th inst., reached the 100 mark in member
ship by adding to Its roll by initiation five
strangers, who were taken through the
forest of woodcraft and put through all
the mysteries of the order. This circle
has of late been very active, and It ex
pects to pass all other contestants in the
race for popularity. On last Sunday the
members Joined with Redwood Camp In
the ceremonies of unveiling a monument
erected to the memory of the late Charles
M. Schwerln, one of the'eharter members
of the camp, over his remains in O<!d Fel
lows' Cemetery. The ceremonies were>
very imposing, and the music was ren
dered by the Redwood quartet. The spirit
of fraternity between camp and circle is
one that Is not excelled in any other or
ganization.
Knights of Honor.
The smoker for members and their gen
tleman friends of Keystone Lodge, given
as a supplementary event in celebration
or the twentieth anniversary of that lodge,
was unquestionably the most enjoyable
and artistic smoker that has ever been
given by that enterprising lodge of this
order. It was In every way first class and
refined, and reflects great credit on those
who arranged for It, namely, Fred Raabe,
Harry Neimann, U. J. Tuska, Charles H.
Holcomb and J. M. Cohn.
The picnic committee of the Knights of
Honor has organized by the election of
Ben I. Salomon as president. C. H. Hol
comb vice president, F. A. Jennings treas
urer and G. A. Kolsom as secretary. The
executive board has appointed its various
committees, which are hard at work ar
ranging for the picnic to be given in Glen
wood Park, in the Santa Cruz Mountains
on the SOth of May. .
Last week there was the initiation of
three candidates by a degree team all at
tired in elegant robes, the first time tha.t
the work has been done in that manner
for many years.
On Friday night Saxon and Far West
lodges paid a fraternal visit to Polar Star
Lodge, and the:v w as an Interesting meet-
Ing.
Knights of Pythias.
The general committee on enterainment
by the local lodges has decided to skip
the quarterly social and in lieu thereof
have a picnic on or about the 12th of next
May at Scbuetzen Park.
A company of tho Uniform Rank will
be mustered into the order by Brigadier
General McGlashan on the sth of May at
Auburn.
The grand keeper of the records and
seal is preparing a list of visits to be
made in the near future by the grand
chancellor through the San Joaquln and
Sacramento valleys.
A temple of the Rathbone sisters will
soon be Instituted in Suisun.
Zeran Kappi Temple will hold a special
session for the purpose of making ar
rangements for a grand pilgrimage to be
started Just previous to the assembling
of the Grand Lodge delegates.
Bathbone Sisters.
The private fancy dress ball that was
given on the night of* the last meeting
night In March by San Francisco Temple
of the Rathbone Sisters in the Pythian
Castle was a very successful affair. There
were many present in pretty costumes and
some most remarkable for their oddity.
During the evening six of those who made
the best appearance were each given a
handsome souvenir of the joyous occa
sion.
Seven Pines Circle.
Seven Pines Circle, Ladies of the Grand
Army, have arranged to give a grand
bloomer party in the social hall of the Al
cazar building, on the night of the 27th
inst. What the features of that party
will be tho committee on entertainment
will not tell at this time, but it announces
that the bloomer feature— that is to say,
march— will be the feature of the evening.
National President Mrs. Julia P. Shade
of the Ladies of the Grand Army of the
Republic is in this city on a visit and is
the guest of Mrs. M. G. Hood at her home
on Hermann street. The visiting official,
who is on a regular tour of visitations
through the West, will officially visit
Seven Pines Circle Monday night, the 16th
Inst. After the business meeting she will
be tendered a reception.
Sons of Veterans.
On the night of the 27th of March Fair
Oaks . Camp, Sons of Veterans.
U. S. A., and the ladies of
the auxiliary of that camp, spent
a most enjoyable evening in the Ruby Han
of the Red Men's building. There was a
game of progressive hearts, for which
there were prizes. The gentleman's first
prize went to Oscar Judell of Oakland and
the lady's first prize to Nan Watson, a
member of the auxiliary. George W. Clark
carried away the booby prize, while the
lady's booby went to one who does not
wish her name known, as she does not
care to have her friends know that she
cannot play a little bit. After the game
there was a programme, of which the fol
lowing were the features: Coon songs, to
banjo accompaniment, Perley F. . Nace;
barytone solo, Walter C. Howe; vocal se
lections. Fair Oaks' Own Quartet: echoes
of the mandolin, Harry Guy; specialties.
C A. Duhem, and recitation. Miss Alice
Boardman. The affair, controlled by Har
ry T Moore-, W. E. Lawrance, W. E.
Bartlett. Mrs. Frank R. Handley, Mrs.
Esther C. Dunn and Miss Frances Greri
nlger. closed with dancing.
The Native Daughters.
The apron and necktie party to be given
by Las Lomas Parlor in its hall in Mission
Parlor Hall on Seventeenth street, which
was announced for the 9th inst., will be
given next Tuesday night, April 17.
On the night of the 3d inst. the mem
bers of Calaveras, "The Beauty Parlor,"
had a lady Jinks in its hall and a good
programme of entertainment, under the
direction of Miss Lucille Frank, Miss
Josephine Budd and Mrs. isina Nelson.
was presented. Among the visitors were
Mrs. McCreery and Dr. Kroetz of Alta
Parlor and Miss Clark of Sans Souci Par
lor. Games and dancing followed the pro
gF Last week, under good of the order,
there was an entertaining programme in
Buena Vista. Lodge, presented by the com
mittee on social entertainment. The feat-
AMUBKTffFNTa.
AMTUSEMENTS.
A. First Christian, Twelfth street, near How
... ard— Kev. F. S. Ford.
.'.', First Church of Christ. Scientist. Central
/., block, 23 flutter street— The Bible and Scl-
*nee and Health, with Key to the Scrl'p-
A. tures.
? ; •—
THE WEEKLY CALL
ENLARGED TO 16 PAGES. $1.00 PER YEAR.
Morning— "The Streets of the City Shall be a>
Full of Boys and Girls." Evening— Ser- ?
mon by pastor. «$>
Morning— Special music. Sermon by pastor. &>
Evening— Easter praise service. <§?
Easter services. Sermon by Rev. Dr. Leav- <«.
ltt. Special muslo. <»,
4, Calvary Presbyterian. Geary and Powell
«;. streets— Hey. John H«nphlll, D.D.
_ , _ :
4> Frank!!a Presbyterian, corner Franklin and
<? Vallejo streets— Rev. David James, pastor.
<i, — _____
<s> First Unitarian, southwest corner Geary
<;, end Franklin streets— Rev. Dr. Stebblns,
<t, minister emeritus; Rev. B. Leavltt, mln
i.. ls-ter in charge.
j$ First Presbyterian, corner Van Ness avenue
«. and Sacramento streets— Rev. Robert Mac
*.. kenzie. Zj.lj.
Morning— Easter services. Sermon by pas- 4>
tor. Evening— Same. 4>
*> Trinity, corner Buch and Gough streets —
4> Rev. F. W. Clampett.
'*.' A. M. E. Son. EO5 Stockton street— Rev. T.
£ Erown.
4*
4,.
*, Stewart Memorial U. P., Guerrero street,
«. cear Twecty-thlrd— Rev. W. E. Dugan.
*•> Plrmouth Congregational. Post and Webster
4> streets— R*v. F. B. Cherlngton.
Mr.rning— "The Power of Resurrection." <J>
Evening — "The Ten Appearances of Jesus •*>
After ills Resurrection." <??
J> First Congregational, corner Post and Ma
— con etreets— Rev. George C. Adams.
Olivet Cor.gregational. Seventeenth and Noe
<s» rtreets — Rev. H. T. Ehepard.
*$» Exsiscel Baptist, Bartlett street, sear
£ Tweaty-thlrd— Rer. J. George Gibson.
«»> Hamilton Square Baptltt. Post street, near
*. 6teiner— Rev. W. C Jenkins.
a, . — — .
«*• nntt Baptist. Eddy street, near Jones— Rev.
<;» E. A- Woods.
?
<• Third Congregational. Fifteenth street, near
¦&. Mission— R«v. Alfred Bay'.ey. ' pastor in
«» charge.
4, .
<^ Richmond Cocgregatlosal. corner Seventh
a%'enue and Clement street— Rev. Philip
6t Coornbe.
Morning — "The Resurrection a Mystery."
Evening— "Did Jesus Rise from the <'*>
Dead?" «£
: .$
Morning — "The Lessons of the Resurrec- <§•
tion." Evening— Cantata entitled t'The <*
Resurrection." •$?
SERVICES THIS DAY
AT THE CHURCHES
THEY THE HIT
MADE] Trta9adoM fcneo , M ,f {SEASON
MR. JAMES NEILL
And His Buperb Company,
A BACHELOR'S ROMANCE
Will Be Continued For One More Week,
Commencing with THIS (SUNDAY) NIGHT.
TWO MATINEES. TWO MATINEES.
THURSDAY AND SATURDAY.
Secure Bents early. No advance In the prices.
Night 55c. 50c. 73c.
Matinee 23c, 50c.
Next Sunday Night— "AN AMERICAN CITI-
ZEN." Nat Goodwin's Greatest Comedy Success.
UNION COURSING PARK.
TO-DAY SUNDAY April 15 ,
Champion
Reserve Stakes
140— Nominations— 140
Siinn wig HONET^iinn
CONCERT BY YON DER MEHDEN'S BAND.
1
TRADT SERVICE:
Leaves Third and Towaaend ats. 10:13 and 11
a. m.. II m. and 1 p. m.; Twenty-fifth and Va-
lencia sts. five minutes later. Returning at
4:45 p. m. and after last course. San Mateo
electric cars every six minutes.
Admission 25c. Ladies Free.
FISCHER'S
A CONCERT HOUSE
f 22- 1 24 O'FAKItELL ST.
R A. FISCHER Prop
GEORGE MOOSER I Manager
The Handsomest Music Hall .In America.
The Best Orchestra In the City.
OUR TIME TABLE:
NEW BILL TO-NIGHT!
8:00-AUGUST HINRICHS* SUPERB OR-
CHESTRA.
8:20-SIGNORINA PUERERI.
8:35-SENORITA BALVINI.
9:07— BABY RUTH.
9:»-SIGNORINA POLLETTINL
9:33— SIGNORINA BARDUCCI.
10:17— DUET— VARGAS and SALVINI.
10:14— BABY RUTH.
11:00 to 11:4&— "CAVALLERIA RUSTICANA."
10c ADMISSION 10c
MATINEE TO-DAY. MATINEE TO-DAY.
CHUTES^and ZOO
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
BIG
Vaudeville Show!
DE CAMP and MURDOCK: HANLON and
SINGER: THE KRAMERS: EDNA THORN:
BOGGS and HAEWARD: ANN FLETCHER;
ATLANTIS: NEW MOVING PICTURES.
Order Seats by Phone— Park 33.
FAMILY RESORT— EL CAMPO.
OPEN EVERY SUNDAY.
Forty-five minutes' ride on the bay In that
large magnificent steamer. Uklah. Dancing
bowling, fishing, boating, plenty of shade, re-
freshments, etc Good order will b« maintained.
Adults. 25 cents for the- round trip. Including
admission to the grounds. Children between
S and. 13 years of age 15 cents.
Leave Tlburon ferry, foot of Market street.
10:30 a. m.. 1 and 4 p.m. Leave El Campo
11:43 a. m., > and 5 p. m.
¦jjsjp^. ;^ SAN FRANCISCO OMAHA
' *& Week Commencing SUNDAY MATINEE. Arrll IS.
A GREAT EASTERTIDE PROGRAMME!
The Famous Hopkins
In Conjunction With ORPHEUM STARS.
MA RZ ELLA.
j DE FORRESTS. THE
EMPIRE COMEDY FOUR.
HANVET, VAUDEVILLE
WILBUR. WORLD!!
FULLER.
SI STEBBINS.
MATINEE TO-DAY.. SUNDAY. ADril 15. *
Pamuet 25 cents, any seat: balcony. 10 cents: children. 10 cents, any part
A few front orcheetra rows reserved. 60 cents; front rows of balcony, reserved. 25 cents.
FRATERNAL NEWS.
The Eastern Star.
Last Monday night Beu!ah Chapter.'
after the routine business, had an "at
home" to Its friends and visitors. There
¦were present members of Golden Gate.
Ivy and King Solomon chapters, who were
entertained with a programme and dur
ing the evening Mrs. Willats, grand sec
retary, gave an interesting talk on the
subject of the Eastern Star Bureau of Re
lief. The "at home" was under the direc
tion of Mrs. Barrilles. the worthy matron,
who has. since she has been in the chair,
done much to make the meetings of this
chapter in South San Francisco attractive
to the membership.
The sane night Olive Branch Chapter
held a meeting and received three appli
cations and these wtre referred to the
committee on investigation.
Last Tuesday night Associate Matron
Mrs. Noah presided in Ivy Chapter in the
absence of Mrs. Bonnlfleld, the matron,
and during the evening Albert and Mrs.
Martha Wapple and X»r. J. C. Stinson
were admitted by initiation, the work be
ing done in a most satisfactory manner
in th© presence of very many members
of th© order. After the ceremony there
was an excellent supper in the banquet
room.
Golden Gat© Chapter will has Initiatory
¦work next Thursday night, and on the
11th of May It will celebrate Us annlver
eary fey a party In Golden Gate Hall.
Odd Fellowship.
lA«t Tuesday night A. K. Kingsfcrd.
£e£ree master of Excelsior Degree Lodge
No. 2. assisted by A. G. Clark. D. D. M.;
F. L. Turpin. president of the general re
lief committee, as first assistant D. D. M..
ar.d J. Erlckson, N. G., of Magnolia
Lodge, as second assistant D. D. M.. con
ferred the third degree in Odd Fellowship
on four candidates In Parker Lodge, one
of the advancing lodges in point of mem
bership.
T. C. Jarvis. N. G.. of Cosmopolitan
Ijcdge has been promoting a boom in his
lodge of late. Last week nine candidates
•wore Initiated. Farnsworth Lodge also
2:ad an initiation.
Unity Encampment on last Tuesday cel
ebrated Its thirty-third anniversary in its
fcsJl and after the work of the evening
there was served up an excellent supper.
Among those present were the officers and
members of Golden Rule Encampment, F.
E. Pierce. D. D. G. M.; C. N. Fox. G. P.
and P. G. M.; Judge F. B. Ogden, L.
Aiex&nder, P. G. M.: Charles L. Zeigler.
D. D. G. M.; J- W. Harris. P. G. P.; C.
II Weaver, G. S. W., and Grand tocrlbe
Barnes There were a number of pleassLnt
addresses and an entertainment that was
furnished by the Corinthian Club.
Canton San Francisco No. 5. Patriarchs
Militant will have a public installation
exhibition drill and ball in Odd Fellows
HslU on the night of th© ISth lnEt. This
la to be purely an invitational affair.
Presidio Lodge. which meets In
Stempke's Hall, has been picking up of
lat© and there is not a meeting night but
some one is initiated or receives a degree.
The Bebekahs.
The "ser.ses" party that was given last
Monday night by Loyal Rebekah Lodge
was well attended, acd it was a very en
joyable affair. As an introductory there
vas a short programme of songs, instru
mental music, recitations and dramatic
readings that were contributed by Miss
Belle Hopkins, Miss Blanche Ferrier. A.
J. Leavy. Miss Florence Oliver, M.
Brandt. Miss Ethel Duncan and J. W.
Allen. Mr. Leavy's singing was so much
appreciated that after th© last number
was announced he was by special request
induced to appear again. Then came the
"tenses" portion of th© party, which con
sisted of naving these present determine
hy smell what there was in a box, by
touch what there was contained in a bag,
and so on down the line of the senses.
Then followed dancing and refreshments.
The affair was under the direction of Miss
Margery Jennings. Miss Ruby Jewell. Miss
Kmma Brown, and Mesdames Warren,
Cyrus. Blake and Bocine. Roy Daniels
¦was the floor manager.
On the night of the 19th inst. Past Grand
Master Barnes will deliver an address at
the meeting and entertainment of all the
lodges »t Alameda County In Pythian
Hail. Oakland. The entertainment Is for
the benefit of the Orphans' Home at Gll
roy. ¦•¦"•:
Walhalla Rebekah Lodge No. 150 -will
give an entertainment and dance on next
Saturday night, and on the following Sat
urday will have Initiation.
The Order of Elks.
Ean Francisco Lodge at Its meeting on
April 6 received an official visit from Dis
trict Deputy Gray, and that night passed
upon five applications. At the meeting
last Friday night several more weT© pre-
Ecr.ted. This lodge, which is to assist at
the institution of the new lodge in Val
lejo. has promise from two hundred mem
bers who Tiill attend.
Oakland Lodge has elected the follow
ing named officers: Harry A. Melvin. E.
R_; C. L. Ingels, E. L. X.; C. H. Haw
bcicker. L. XT; L. A. Maison, Loy. X.; J.
J. Hannlfin Jr.. S.; W. W. Landor, T.; W.
E. Dowling. tyler; P. McFeely, trustee,
and G. W. Reed, representative to the
Grand Lodge. This lodge, which Is mak-
Jr.g rapid progress, initiated twelve can
didates on last Thursday night.
Past Exalted Ruler John Brink of Los
Angeles Lodge has been in this city sev
eral days. This lodge will Inaugurate its
country fair and minstrel show on the
ISth and continue it for thre« nights.
San Jose Lodge now has 140 members,
fir.4 as soon as ten more shall have been
Initiated th<* initiation fee will be in
creased to $50. The lodge had its Installa
tion banquet at th© \ endome and con
cluded with high jinks at the St. James.
Sacramento Lodge now has a member
ship of S5O. and at its last held meeting
baa four applications.
The lodge at Vallejo will be Instituted
en the 2Sth inst. with seventy-five mem
bers. There will be present delegation?
from many points. The ho6t lodge will
entertain it* members and visitors at a
banquet to cost about $2300.
The following namM are thA new offi
cers of th© lodge in Nevada City: E. M.
Preston. E. R.; D. E. Morgan. E. L. X.;
E. J. Rechter. L. X.: F. M. Miller. Iy?c.
X-; R. W. Gaylord. S.: W. D. Vinton. T.:
W. M. Israel, tyler. These officers were
Installed last night. This lodge had but
thirty members last October, now it num
bers eeventy-elght. On th© 27th Inst. It
will give a ladles' night.
San Diego Lodge has elected the follow
ing officers: L. R. Works. E. R.; E. A.
Hornbeck. E. L. X.; W. L. Frisert. L.
K.- Will Angler. Lee. X.: R. C. Jones, S.;
C. L. Williams. T.; James A. Paney. tyler;
M. F. Keller, trustee. This lodge has m
Up membership the following named: H.
W. Olden of the Nadeau. Hon. Irving B.
Dudley. United States Minister to Peru;
Colonel A. G. Garren of the Governor's
staff. A. E. Nutt, State Senator; W.
Mlfilin Smith, one of the original "Jolly
Corks." the initiated in Philadelphia
Lodge, and L. R. Works. State Assem
blyman. This lodge will give Its annual
theatrical party on the Bth and 9th of
June, when "Marltana" will be produced.
American Companions.
Inter Nos Circle. Companions -of the
Forest of America, at Its meeting last
Tuesday night had as a visitor Grand
Trustee Mrs. J. W. Shaffer of San Diego,
who at the next session of the Grand
Circle will be a candidate for the office
of grand sub-chief. During the evening
five ladles were" admitted to membership
by initiation, making fourteen members
received in the past six weeks. The cir
cle has taken steps to arrange for a pri
vate picnic to be given in the month of
July possibly.
Last week Grand Chief Companion
Mrs. Jacobs paid an official visit to Chrys
anthemum Circle at Merced, the home
circle of Grand Sub-Chief Companion Mrs.
Agee, and the reception she received was
most flattering. There was a good at
tendance of the members, the work was
well done, and as a souvenir of the visit
the grand chief was by the circle pre
sented a handsome cut-glass vase, after
which there was a banquet.
Mrs. Flora Jacobs the grand chief
companion, paid an official visit to Robin
Hood Circle of this city in its hall in the
Alcazar building. The circle room was
prettily decorated with crimson crepe
paper and each station as well as the
altar was a mass of lilies and beautiful
flowers. There were present many vis
itors from the local circles and during the
evening there was a visit in a body of
the membership of Palo Alto Circle. The
work was exemplified by the initiation of
one candidate. The quarterly reports
showed a good, active membership and
the snug sum of more tlian $700 In bank.
The grand chief congratulated the circle
on Its prosperity and as she took her seat
Mrs. M. A. Duke, the circle deputy, on
behalf of the circle presented her a deco
rated salad dish in appreciation of her
efforts on behalf of the order. Subse
quently the honorary members of the cir
cle, on behalf of the Junior Past Chief
Mrs-. Lizzie Atwood. who is a past grand
chief and now grand recording secretary
and deputy of three circles in this city,
presented to the grand chief an elegant
silk and lace pincushion, on which are
painted bunches of forget-me-nots, the
handiwork of the lady, who is a painter
of considerable merit, and then presented
to Past Grand Chief Mrs. M. A. Duke.
Past Grand Chief Mrs. Emma Harring
ton. Grand Treasurer Miss Alice Ticoulet
and Grand Trustee Mrs. J. W. Shaffer,
who were present, silk bookmarks with
a circlet of forget-me-nots painted on
them. These tokens were given to those
who were the associates of Mrs. Atwood
in the executive council as a reminder of
pleasant relations, because at the close
of the present term the donor will, after
many years of labor energy and expendi
ture of money in behalf of the order, re
tire from active work, but will still re
tain her membership.
Mrs. Atwood has been a most active
worker for the advancement of Forestry
and by her manner as an ordinary mem
ber or as an officer has won the respect
and esteem of all, who will regret to.
learn that she has determined, for health
reasons, to discontinue In the active line.
There are but few in the order at this
time who have the interest of the order
as much at heart as has had Mrs. Atwood
for a number of years.
While Grand Chief Companion Mrs.
Jacob? and Mrs. Emma Harrington, P.
G. C. C, who is deputy of Palo Alto Cir
cle, were in Robin Hood Circle, they were
suddenly summoned to the circle room of
Palo Alto, and upon their entrance Miss
Pauline Aaron, on behalf of the circle,
presented to Mrs. Jacobs, who is known
as the "Mother of Palo Alto." having or
ganized that circle, a fine cherry uphol
stered rocking chair In recognition of her
services to the circle and admiration of
her as the head of the order. This was
followed by the presentation of a fine
parlor chair to Deputy Mrs. Harrington,
whose services In behalf of the circle are
also greatly appreciated.
Last Monday night Bay City Circle held
its quarterly meeting and the reports pre-
Fented showed that that energetic circle
is in good standing with a substantial
treasury- During the evening there was
nn Initiation, and Grand Chief Companion
Mrs. Jacobs and Past Grand Chief Com
panion Mrs. Harrington made short, en
couraging addresses. After that there was
served a collation, refreshments and there
was a pleasing programme and dancing. '
Golden Gate Circle will give a tascarone
party on the 28th inst. in the social hall
of the Alcazar.
The social given on the night of the 4th
inst. by Sherwood Circle of the Compan
ions of America was one of those pleas
ant functions for which this circle is
noted.
American Foresters.
Court Sutro Heights No. 136 of the For
esters of America on last Monday night
held its first meeting In new quarters in
the Pythian Castle, one of the most pleas
ant locales it has ever met in. The quar
terly returns read during the evening es
tablished the fact that the court has done
exceedingly well during the first three
months of theVear, and that not only has
it Increased in membership and funds, but
that It has been able to add a goodly
sum to Its bank account. . This court will
celebrate Its anniversary by an excursion
on the bay on the 20th of May. and for
this the committee In charge is making
the necessary arrangements. At the pace
that this court has been forging ahead
during the past six months it bids fair to
become the leading one of the local
courts.
Woodmen of the World.
On the night of the 2d inst. Golden Gate
Camp No. 64 held a short business meet-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL .15,. 1900.
ures were a recitation by Mrs. C. Baher
and a vocal solo by Mrs. A. J.; Simpson.
After the programme there were refresh
ments. It has been a subject of ¦ remark
that when Miss Alice Ticoulet was pro
moted from. marshal of this parlor to third
vice president that the parlor lost one of
the best marshals it ever had, but, that it
gained a most excellent third vice presi
dent.
The young ladies of Alta and Buena
Vißta parlors, who are to take part in the
presentation of the drama entitled "Re
bekah's Triumph," are better perfect in
the several parts the« have studied and
when the drama Is put'on at Native Sons'
Hall next Friday it will be a great treat.
Those who will take part are: Mollle F.
Long, Mamie Richter, Mrs. A. J. Simpson,
Mrs. M. French, Mrs. C. S. Baker, Mac
Noonah, Mrs. Mason, Misses L. J. Wilson,
D Steri. G. Kerrigan, E. Dell wig, A. Mc-
Intyre. J. Wilson, K. Brown and N.
Thomaa.
The Native Sons.
Last Monday night Grand Trustee F. L.
Coombs paid an official visit to Golden
Gate Parlor and gave the members an In
teresting address on the condition of the
order at this time and also gave an ex
planation of the ritualistic and secret
work.
Last Sunday night a committee of twen
ty from Hesperian Parlor waited on Las
Lomas Parlor of the Native Daughters
to invite the members to take part, with
Hesperian In the 9th of September cele
bration. The committee was accompanied
by the Hesperian band; a very enjoyable
evening was spent and the visitors were
well entertained. From reports received
by this parlor, which has put L. H. Kohn,
one of its members, forward as a candi
date for grand treasurer, it appears that
he is making a favorable canvass.
The Golden Gate Drill Corps, composed
of members of Golden Gate Parlor, has
arranged for an excursion and picnic to
Glenwood Park on the 29th Inst.
Grand Trustee Frank Barnett visited
Sequoia and National parlors last week
and found both in excellent condition as
to membership and finance.
relegate George L. Sacket of Ventura
is visiting relatives in Oakland and will
remain until it Is time to go to the Grand
Parlor. Last week he visited a number
of the local parlors.
Royal Arcanum.
Royal Arcanum day. which falls on the
23d of June, will be celebrated by the
councils of this city, Oakland and Ala
meda. At the meeting, of Argonaut Coun
cil a committee was appointed to confer
with like committees from other coun
cils to arrange for this celebration. The
subject of celebration was ably discussed
by Grand Orator Gus Gunzendorfer, Past
Regent S. S. Merrill of San Francisco
Council. Thomas Banks. paßt regent of
Golden West Council, Mark Newman and
others.
Last week the members of the or
der residing In t»,is city and those who
are residents of Alameda County ten
dered a reception to Henry Goodwin, past
grand regent of Massachusetts, and mem
ber of the Supreme Council from his
State. The reception was in the hall of
Golden West Council, in Red Men's build-
Ing The guest, who is one of the most
brilliant orators of the order, delivered an
instructive address, which was listened to
with much attention. On the following
day he returned to his home, after having
spent a month visiting the interesting
places in the State.
Order of Americus.
San Francisco Council No. 14 met last
Tuesday night in Its new quarters in the
Native Sons' Hall, and the membership
found them exceedingly commodious and
pleasant. George D. Mengolo and Rob
ert Bohamson were admitted to. full
fellowship by Initiation. After the routine
business there were a number of ad
dresses, the most Important of which was
one by W. M. Cubery. At the next meet
ing there will be presented a number of
interesting features.
Independent Foresters.
High Chief Ranger G. A. McElfresh is
on a tour of visitation. On the nisht of
the 9th inst. he was with Court Sutter at
Sacramento, on the 10th he addressed a
public meeting at Biggs, on the 11th he
was at Wheatland, on the 12th he was at
Lincoln and on the 14th he spoke at El
mlra. To-morrow he will be with the
court at Palo Alto, and on Tuesday he will
be with Court Southern HeigMs at South
San Francisco, In this part of the juris
diction. He wiir remain long enough to
visit all the local courts. On the 23d he
will visit Colusa, where he will address
a public meeting. On the 25th he will be
at Placerville. on the 26th at Sutter Creek
and on the 2Sth at Jackson. On May day
he will address a gathering at Ivingsburg
at a picnic to be given by the courts of
Fresno County, on the 2d of May he will
be at Visalia and on the 3d he will ex
pound the principles of the order at Ba
kersfield. On the following day he will
leave for his home in Los Angeles.
Daughters of Liberty.
Last Monday night Martha Washing
ton Council of the Daughters of Liberty
celebrated its fifth anniversary by a very
pleasing social function in Laurel Hall of
the SSiiels building. There was a large
attendance of those who had been invited,
and never before has this council had a
more enjoyable time.
A few evenings since a large delegation
of the membership of California Council
paid a fraternal visit to Oakland Council
and found it in a very prosperous condi
tion. During the first quarter of the year
California Council has initiated seventeen
candidates. To-morrow night this council
will present a farce entitled "A Bunch
of Roses" in Laurel Hall of the Shlels
building. At 10 olclock in the evening
there will be a programme of dancing.
Order Chosen Friends.
Purlng the quarter ending March 31.
America Council received six candidates
by initiation. On last Tuesday this coun
cil gave the first of a series of monthly
entertainments to be given hereafter on
the first Tuesday of each month. It was
in the nature of an April fool party and
it was a successful and amusing affair.
There was a short programme, the prin
cipal features being a piano solo by Miss
M. McCann; violin solo by John McCann,
and a duet by Misses Wilson and Freena.
Then followed a dance, the grand march
being led by A. F. and Miss Plaendler.
The grand officers will pay this council
an official visit on the 10th inst.
During the past week Grand Councilor
Savage paid fraternal visits to a number
of the local councils. On these visits he
was accompanied by Past Grand Coun
cilor Boehm, Supreme Representative
Mrs. Clara J. Sweeney, Supreme Repre
sentative Brandon, Grand Recorder Wal
lis and Grand Outside Sentry Mrs. A.
Boehm. The councils visited were Pacific,
Teutonia. Germania, Social, Golden Gate
and Sunset.
Grand Recorder Wains has Instituted a
new council at Escondldo.
On the night of the 6th inst. Grand
Councilor Savage, Grand Recorder Wal
lls, Supreme Representative Gibson and
other grand officers paid an official visit
to Golden Gate Council and were wel
comed by. a goodly number of members
of the council and of other councils. The
grand councilor delivered an address of
some length on the order. Supreme Repre
sentative Gibson also had some interest
ing matters to present, and after the
close of the meeting there was served to
all a fine collation in a cafe in the vi
cinity. ¦ - - *
Last Thursday night the grand officers
paid a visit to Evans and Crystal coun
cils in Joint session.
Ancient Order Foresters.
During the past week High Chief Ran
ger Boehm paid a visit to Court Placer
at Dutch Flat, and after inspecting the
work of the court and witnessing the in
itiation of several candidates there was
a programme of entertainment and a
supper, at which there were many re
sponses to toasts. He also paid an offi
cial visit to Court Santa Amanda and
found it in good condition.
The picnic committee of th© order has
organized by the election of John Fal
coner as president: Mrs. M. Valente, vice
president; M. Boehm, treasurer. R. N.
SlcLennan, secretary, and S. "Wray. ser
geant at arms. It has been decided to
give the picnic on May 30, at Scheutzen
The bazaar recently given in aid of the
1900 fund netted nearly $400. The 1900 Club
will, on the night of May 7, tender a re
ception to the delegates to the Grand
Court in the Foresters' building: on the
Bth there will be an' entertainment in
Metropolitan Temple; on the 9th a ball
at the Mechanics' Pavilion, and on the
10th a grand banquet to the grand offi
cers-of the high court and the 170 dele
gates. On the night of the 11th there will
be an exemplification of tho work of the
order by a team selected by the high chief
ranger, and < under the supervision of
High Chief Ranger Boehm.
Last. week Court Bournemouth initiated
candidates and then entertained the mem
bers of Court Garfleld at a smoker. High
Chief Ranger Boehm was present.
Court Robin Hood has arranged for a
party to be given on the 12th of May In
aid of a member In distress.
Mwnlng— "The Living Christ." Evening— <?>
"How Readest Thou?" <£
Morning— "Probation After Death."
'i ' ¦ A
¦ •¦-' • . . . .-¦ •
Last Tins— TO-.MGHT— Lut Tfaw
"THE BOHEMIAN GIRL,"
"Ami a Wizard? Come and See."
Wouldn't That Bump You?' 1
v :tii Gorgeous Production
TO-MORROW EVENING
Of TKA9K DANIELS' Sap«rb Coaia Ojsri
THE
OF THE
NILE
The
The Author "the
Greatest and IDOL'S
Work of Composer eye"
of
ONCE AGAIN M WILL HIGH
DOUBLE CAST OF
ALL-STAR FAYCRITES!
Enlarged Chorus, Orchestra and Ballet!
A WEALTH OF
SCENERY AND COSTUMES!
ALL FORMES PRESENTATIONS ECLIPSED!
Evenings at 8. Matinee Saturday at 2.
USS& 25c and 50c.
Telephone Busb
COLUMBIAN
TO-NICHT
B 7 NICHTS
NEXT M
MERRY BE
MINSTREL WISE—
BOYS T " E
HAVE ¦ flt TS
CAUGHT
THE GOING
TOWN. I P AST -
GET IN LINE.
ONLY ONE WEEK MORE OF
WM.H. WESTS
BIG
JUBILEES
NEW SONGS— NEW DANCES-
NEW FUN.
%&£'2sii 35(^500, 75c and $1.
April 23 WARD A2JD VOKEa
COURSING AT
COURSING AT
INGLESIDE PARK
INGLESIDE PARK
TOMJAY,
SUNDAY .... APBUi 15, 1900
CHAMPIOITS ' " 1 ? 1 ??
Flora MacDoaald vs. Conaem&ra,
Master Clalra vs. Papita,
Chicago Boy vs. Tea Hose,
St. Oran vs. Golden Bule,
And a Grand OPEX EVENT.
P. J. HETLLY, Judge. •
HARRY MURRAY, Slipper.
TO-DAY
AT INGLESIDE
AT INGLESIDE
COURSING PAHK
COUPSHG PARK
CENTRAL PARK,S-sfi
TWO WEEKS. Beginning Saturday. April 14t&.
GENTRY'S *a^
Trained Animal Show!
Larrer and Grander than Kver. Twlc* Its
former size. Three Hundred Elephants. Ponies.
Monkeys and Dogs. Giving positively tha most
unique and novel exhibition evet witnessed
under canvas. Representing the highest pos-
¦ib!« development of animal Intelligence. 75—
WONDERFUL. ACTS— .S. More etartlln* and
difficult than ever performed* by their human
prototypes In tbe sawdust arena. The fad of
the fashionables and an Instructive show for old
and younsr. A most moral and refined enter-
tainment. Tbe cleanest and test dressed ex-
hibition oa taur. Admission— Children. 10c:
Adults. 23c. Performance at 3 o'clock after-
noon, 8:30 night. See Grand Parade at noon
e»ch dar. Show r»ln nr «hln».
WESTERN TURF ASSOCIATION.
TANFORAN PARK.
SIXTH MEETING. April 9 to ». inclusive.
Six high-class running races every week day,
rain or shine, beginning at 1:30 p. o.
The Ideal winter racetrack of America. Pa-
trons »tcp directly from the railroad can Into
a superb grand stand, glass-Inclosed, where,
comfortably housed In bad weather, they caa
enjoy an unobstructed view of the races.
Trains leave Third and Townsend streets at
IOCO 10:40 and 11:30 a. m. and 12:15. 12:35. 11:50
and 1:25 p. ni.. returning Immediately after
last race at 4:45 p. m. i Seats In rear cars re-
served for women and their escorts. No smok-
ing Valencia street. 10 minutes later.
San Jos* and Way Stations— Arrtve at San
Bruno at 12:42 p. m. Leave San Bruno at 4:00
and 4:43 p. m.
RATES— San Francisco to Tanforan and re-
turn. Including admission to track. i\.X.
W. J. MARTIX. President.
T. H. GHEEN, Secretary and Manager. ;
A?£= i<^^isfy\>*~- MONDAY AFTERNOON. April 18. at 2:15.
first joint appearance of the two
ilMimj®^ PETSCHNIKOFF
¥ %m& %M $ A HAMBOUKu
T^^^^L^^^i'mmlft rho Touns pieFrfrle<i of the Plaao '
m^M^^^*^^Wi^yJ ! i^l eo-MrsiciANS-eo" 11 * 11 * 1
From the SYMPHONY ORCHESTRA Under
AIMEIACHA UME
JRpl^S^'V *^iP^V V >V ' The Distinguished Composer and Pianist.
4f«l^^^^'^ i^^^OS^^SK^ WEDNESDAY AFTERNOON. April ISth. and
y /T^^^^S^'§^«^^V?O^» !iii?y§«F FRIDAY AFTERNOON. April 20th. Th»s«
vlffeviSS Famous Artists Will Give
't^MJf* I^'* Reserved goats now on sale at bo* office nt
N^ - *i^TJ§?iVf V V x the theater. Reserved seat* af>c. Jl.OO, J1.50.
\^*^g^ V\Vs£ \W*^ KNABE PIANO USED.
31bxs rriAACisco call.
mrSTNEES OPTICS of the Ban Fr»ncl»e©
Call, crmer of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— C 27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until S:3O p. m.
SOO Hayes etreet; open until P:3O p. m.
- :- -.:-.'¦.: t:<r street; open BStil S:3O p. _
f:5 Lfirkin etreet; cpen ur.tll 8:30 p. a.
11-41 Mission etreet: open until 70 p. ra.
;¦*-¦.: XI-rket street, corner Sixteenth; open
tr.til i p. m.
3(€ Eleventh etreet: cpen until 9 p. ra.
IC-S6 Valencia etreet: open until S p. ra.
:223 Polk etreet; open until i p. ra.
Northwest comer Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky etreet*; open until 9 d. m.
cul'iicu bcuvicss.
TRXXXTT Presbyterian Church, corner Twen-
tj -third and Cajip etreets— ltev. William H.
beadier. D. D.. formerly paetor of Plymouth
Coiitrfßs.tional Church, will preach at 11 a. ra.
and 7:t; j>. ra. Sjecul Easter services raora-
ir.S and evening.
FIRST Congregational Church, corner Post and
;.:i!-;:i t:r«r*-t» — Key. George C. Adams, 1). D..
jji-ttur. will preach ar. Uasier sermon at 11
a. m. Theme. "The Power of the Resurrec-
tion." fc'j*cia4 music. Samuel D. Mayer, or-
f-anist w.d choir master. At 7:45 p. ra. a e;-e-
••lai ;;..-¦¦ r bur.fr marlat, with brief aidrcss
L>- the p_tor. '.rtienae. "The Ten Appearances
of Jesus Afu-r His Resurrection."
lIOLY CROSS Cfcurrh— At 11 o'clock there will
I* solemn high rr,as.s celebrated by the Rev.
I'atfccr UcGinty. assisted by the Rev. Fathers
Ryan and ijamj>i>cn. as deacon and subdeaeon. |
t*ntion ty the Key. Father Ryan. In the j
eveclmr at 7:20 there will Us Eclemn vespers j
f.nd bvneOiotion. The llev. 11. P. Gallagher, t
fc=. J.. of li&nta. C.ara. Co:j«-ge wtil de;i\er the j
aetumu. :
6SYX-NTH Day Adver.ti.-t Church. M 4 Laguna ;
et.. betv.een Mca::ls;»t and Gcldcn Gate aye. '
— Prr _chlr.c this (&oad*y) evening at 7:3 i) :
o'clock by the i aster. Elder J. O. Corliss; 1
»v! |c l. --The Kit* and Fall of Nation*. i.s
Piwa ted ly l>arii«-:." A cordial invitation
U • xier.de-d to all. Seats free^
CHUHCH of~Je«:s Cfcrirt of Latter Day Saints j
-Strvieee |l a. in. tnd 7:* l p. m. at Pyth:an !
Jli.:;. BU SXarfcrt ft. Sundty. Ai^rll 15. Elder i
J.i»-f-:,h T. Atkin ¦will cldress the evenine j
tervioe on "Mortncn Issues." A.l are welcome. ;
FIK^T Church of Christ, gcientirt. Central
¦ lock, rt: Sutter rt.. bet. Kearny arA Grant !
av«.— Cfcnstioa Science Bitle leeson at 11 j
a. m.: rut-iect. "•|»rol*iU.n Aft»r Dcalh-V ;
fuciUv school for ciiiliiren at the umc hour, j
Wednesday evening met Hzg at i o'clock, j
Ali mmitxxa*. I
TZIB First Divine Science Church— M. E. j
<"rarr.<r. pastor. Discourse at U a. in. Pub- I
3»ct. "'I Am the IU-syrrectics." Services j
every Sunday at licmc College. £i&") Seven- i
te^r.th atreet. t*-ft;-een MiFsicn and Valencia. :
ASsTT-lATir.v buU-ling. iiasoii and BUla at*,— j
Special Bddressi to young rr.en ty H. J. Me-
<" y this t-vnii->y aftemuon at 3 o'clock. £üb-
;*ct. "Yea&S Men and the Extension of the
K— gdom." Al! youag men invited. \
EPECIAL rospei meeting* every, evening thi? ;
sre*k et 7:C o'clock at the hall, li Cttjr Hall ;
Square, near Market. Addrs— to Cbrsstianp
Hi lul Hi afternoon at 3 o'clock: undenomiTi- !
fit. •:.;-.!. li. A. Ironside, evangelist. Seals j
free; no c<jil<"<-: ion*. ¦¦£_ :
TIII3 fcutt ~ ' ' • ' .— lte Of trie Ertw^Tal church '
at Ijr.a «'h--:fch' ard. Cypress Lawn. Kill be ¦
bfld .. <:..-.: Monday. Ar-rl! 16. at UM a- !
i-.. Take : • train »rcm Third and Town- I
*-nd «!-.. or BrUow an hour for the trip by tte j
Fan Ms.vi e!*«"tr:e». j
sfcensca — sixday.
IK. KEKCaX'S lecture thic evening. % o'clock.
at Crystal Hall. J'yt'.i an «'astle. SA Market at. :
tubject. "The Phil-soi.hr of the Soul's Fu- ,
tur« A* Viewed ty *cience"; followed ty ]
macnlficest vUrwm i r L_ Hubr City and where j
Ctrtet !;«-ed. Those ttteniirc may r/rocure j
rre* tkl-ieu to the X-ray exhibition at the ;
f-ar.'.tarturr.. cor. Market and Mason eis., next '
Tuesday ntsituc. Seat* free; no collection. I
ECKDAY L*-rture Association— Remarks by
Cojond H. Wflrttock; Eiirter addrem tar Ben-
Jannri Fey Mi::* on "Tlie Problem of Imnnor-
lal'.'y": eolaa by Miss Alycc Gates. Metro-
politan T«r.j>]e; doers oj>en at 7; music 7:li.
AT DR. RIX-L.'!*' Spiritual Society, 909 Market
Bt-: 11. free; 2-8. HV; Mrs. Setley-Yigar* an.l
other*. Test spiritual conference Ajjril 22 and ;
23. VOM. to which f.ll Friritua'.lsts are invited, j
iIEETIN'J of the Co-Operatl— Hrotherhsod at j
11J :^ik:n at T— adaf evening. April 17; Dr. ¦
M. V. L'ndtrwfxid will lecture on '•Competitive
aai Co-c;*.-£.tive Failure*." All welccrr.e.
SOCIETY cf Progressive sr>irttualifts, Occl-
dcct.-_i Hail. <?or. i-ark:n and M r All:ster fit.,
irundhy. at ~:2'< p. m.—^r*aker. _In>. R. £. Lll-
Jie; 6-jbiect. "'Our Ea«frtide." j
ilH.v BTODOABO. Tuesday B.n«J Thursday. 8 {
ti. m.— T**:mciaetrations of spirit return. 10c. I
KS Nirth et. I
TKST mw.tinff to-r!ght. 117 Larkin rt.— Me*- 1
<iKir.*-f< \V!»nn. ilUltr. Gilllnghum and others; j
F'jOd HlUfiC. j
CONVINCING te»ts at Eberhardt'B. 8 P. ra.: j
ZZtit 2M; Uc; address by bsy orator; skejtlcs
Invited. j
Jjh*. WircCHESTER. ICIO cTay— Circle trT i
night. I: Tues 1 ., 2p. m. ; consultation* daily. ;
2JMK. TOl'Xrj, CO." McAllister— Ea«er *rv!ce»
and Boemca to-r.ight; l'.<c; come, skeptics.
MRS. HARLAND. occult scientiFt, P—Httin; j
teat «i:c;c to-night. 10c; cittinps. fl. 136 tth.
ALI. tests to-nif-ht; CSS McAllister; circles every '
eve.; Mrs. C J. Meyer; Bittire^ daily.
C. MAYO FTEERP, trance~rnedTum. lm* Oak 7 ; '
readhMH: oriir.atk'n certificate 1*76. |
MRS MENA FRANCIS, lnd-txecdent s^ie ;
¦writing rrwVr.rr 11* HalgM «t. ;
Mil. I j \«.n lnfver«al Urotherhood. ;
THEOSOPHICAk Society in America, Academy
».f fci-r.c-.-s Hall. HI Market st.
XEW CYCLE UNITY CONGRESS.
Tfaird teeslcn to-nictit; *yn:;>OFiuni; A. D.
RnMnaao. Dr. AiU-n 'J-iffithß. Dr. J. A. An- j
derw ri and 31. \V. Wstnon. I. li. L. Tuesday j
y.-.cY.'.: yj'.'xt. "'JT.tP' I Lab<-T." ,
aUSETISGS — TIICOSOI'IIICAL.
Tin: Th<rp»<-j>nical Bociety.— Free jrubilc lee- j
tcre« ttverg Kuaday ei«rr.ir:g at 6 D'dodc :a '
JTbeosqplric Hall. Odl Kerens' build*. To-
:.:?!•-. ¦ r 7:.f hun and the IZaeter L>awa la
f.-.'-ry IA--r \,y Mrt. -larv C. iv-lt.
aiCKTIXti SOTICES.
PARKER I^dre No. :14. I. O. O. o^?™-^
i".— JleiEi't-rs are reverted to
assntitUe ia Ceir l-*iir«-ru<>:n oa
MONDAY i.t \I3A o'clock, lor the '*T*.fr
purpose « ' ntt-ri'lir.r the fur.eral of our late
brother. GEOUCE I-:. DAVIS.
V. I. XORTHROP. K. G.
I Ml V Lo£se No. Ul. I. O. O. v 7. '
Elxtaeatb u.ri Valencia— Triple i>Z?^lZ&-
lr.;;;«.ticr. ay.6 ceb-torsxtan of '^Zgr&'s*?
tliiny-th'.rl Bcn:vort-ary. TL'HS- 'w/*^
DAY EVENING, Arril 17. Visitor* cordially
Invited. <;/:<¦». y. pjiechtel. k. a.
B F. THOMPBOaf. Rec. Sec.
CALEDONIAN aub.-Thirty-fr,_rih . w- v.
BBsaal t-Htiic-rir.s arid pame* at JL f*(V|
Bhell Mucnd I'^rk. Uerkeley. o:i >\T_^T
WEDNESDAY, iiay 3'j, coruprisin*:
rthi'ti' c. r.f-h, ieet« of »tr?ngts, xr.anly
Bporta £Ti') Kit:/ exciting rrenta.
TJ'.K nexctera of the x-icnic oomnvitte* of th«
Kr.!?hu of Tar* are hereby not'-Hed to attend
: ¦'. ¦ "V.np 1:: JC. li. *;. Ila.U NEXT TL'KS-
I'AY. .\;>r:l I". 4 p. m. Eharp. to arrange pro-
t-r^.-rr.'- for the sixth acn.al outing and re-
union, to be li-rld in Kur!!""t i-"ark. S^r.ta Cruz i
M iu;;tair.s. Sunday. Apr.l 2J. 1900. j
IHY\ ''»!:'' rt.iA Ix-brU Ccmm!>i!ion. having rr- I
«lve<J ap; iscation* to mine l>y the iiydraulic j
j)rc-ce*e trom the lieA D^g Mining Company '
ttil South Yut^a '.V»t.er <>.mr>any. in the Red ;
Hog in:n«\ i.^ar You llet Station. Nevada
County, to <3»';.o*;t t*!!ir.ES in Greenhorn
Oreftk.; Craa Martin "Klir.e. in the Ik)«;.ler I
Hill rr.!n«-. or»r I".accr«-li!e, El Dorado Coua- I
ty. to d>~:>o«;t tai'.inrs in a rnvlne below the
Tt.lne; frctn <J. E. Vclmer. In the Little Klon- |
«3yke i>l&crr mine, ntcr PuaerrtHe, El Dorado i
*'our:t>-, to <ie;«>s.t tailings in Coon Hollow
Oeek. ej\A frcm K. W. Hayden, In the niuff
placer mine, tiear l!f.untain Itoiich, f^alavcrss
<"c4Jt.ty, to deposit, ta'.hrp* in a ravine below
the rr.lne, give* notice that a meetlßff will te
lield at rourn iS. yirxji building, Kan Kraa-
clsco. Cal.. <m April 20. I*W, at 1:30 p. m.
EPECIAL meeting— lJusiness of imrxjrtance at
hall at 7:30 x> rr.. MONDAY. P,y *>rder of
THOMAS R. FORD. President.
EKGROESIKQ "
Jie-olutlon« end (Tlpir-nan a rpecSalty. J. W.
GrtTnth. Bttlfi Hu?lr.e»« Colieee. J4 Po«t st.
Af -^ NTS n ' A>T _ l ; n -
GOOD agents and ?a!e!Tien quickly necured ia
U-.nj^ar.ili" mtjsll towns not covered by Sunday
pcpTr : Ioo.oo<> puararteed circulation; rate
: ; li i*r line. The Winner, fct. Louis. Mo.
ALITMINUM card cart*; all style*, standard
AluMlnuci Co.. 170& Howard ct.: tel. Capp t34.
LADY agents— lf you want the beat money
makers iret the Hrjrela Electric Corsets and
fkirts; the standard for 20 years. Address
\V«-Ftern Cor»et Co.. St. Louis. Mo.
AGENTS ran make $10 per day selling our
novelty xnarnlnr-s; write; on application wlil
i . . ; cut :.:.! terms. Thas. It. ioote Co., Los
Angeles. «^al.-
AGENTS for an all-round useful utensil; be*t
ever Invented; |li to I2i per day; profitable,
permanent business. Call or writ* lIERRICK.
3417 Lirufch tt.. Oakland.
CANVASSERS wanted; salary and commis-
sion, k to 11 g. in., room 19, Donohoe bide-.
J. C. lillfCE.
A C.O^'D preposition for ladles or eentlemen.
ZW> Market rt. .
ASTROLOGY.
PROF. A. MASEUY ofEgypt. irneateiTastrol-
ogist end palmtiit In the world; aatlefacUon
cuaraoteed. 437 Golden Gate aye.
. ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a' specialty; private;
no fee without success: -collections. G. W.
HOWE, atfy at law, CO Market, cor. Stocktn.
W. A. S. NICHOLSON, attorney-at-law; tele-
phfne Davis 234. 410 Kearny sL
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. ' W.
W. DAVIDSON. 827 Market at., opp. Mason.
F. H. MERZBACH, attcrney-at-law, has«re-
euxned practice at EO3 Cal. St.. Clunle bldg.
L. 6. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. $27 Mar-
ket et.; consultation free; no fees In advance.
IIATU CABINET- -HOT^AIR. VAPOR.
KOBINBON $5 4-panel folding; door opens flrm
and cafe. W. S. BROWN, gen, agt.. 426 Ellis.
BELGIAN HAKES.
BELGIAN HARES.
America's champion buck. LORD EDINBORO.
over 3«> does, bred and unbred, to select from
to-day t6 crates arrived from Los Angeles
this week; all good stock. Prices reasonable.
Following bucks in stud:
Lord EJinboro umported). fee ~ $25 00
Duke of Clarence (imported), fee 15 00
fcixteen to One <im;-orted), fee 1000
Prince Adolphus (imported), fee 10 00
Lord Burieifc'h (imported), fee WOO
Htnry Irving (iir.i>orte<J». fee 10 00
Ka>hoda King (imported), fee 10 00
Rugl.y. fee 6 00
t^ir Hntain, fee (> w
Lorillard. lee 6 "0
Hex Yukon, fee j <X>
Karl cf Banbury, fee 6 00
Sweepstakes, fee 5 00
Ca;ta:n Kldd. fee v 00
Senator l>ou«!a.«. black, fee - 5 00
Prince Carbon, biack. fee 5 00
«'cpta:n CriF. Flemish, fee toy
Prince of Wales (imported), Encllsh lop
ctrs, fee 5 00
Docs bred to above bucks for eale;
also younsiters.
Full llr.e cf Hare Supplies—
Oraln s*if-feeders.
Water felf-leeilers.
Improved water and feed 'are.
Hay racks.
Mtcicice.
l-ittrature.
Optu daily until 9 p. m. Visitors welcome.
BAN FRANCIP^X) BELGIAN HARE CO..
SAM C. HAMMOND, Manager.
Office— Frrecke'.F Market.
Babbitry— lCls ShotweU et.
DO YOU WANT TO START
RAISING BELGIAN HARES?
Ncte Prices Below.
Note Prices Below.
Note Pric*s Below.
Does Unbred. $3 and Up.
Does Unbred. $5 and Up.
Does Unbred. $5 and Up.
Does Bred. $15 and T_*p.
Doea Bred, $15 and Up.
Does Bred, $15 and Up.
Barberry Bucks. $25 and Up.
Panberry Bucks. $25 and Up.
Banberry Buck*. $25 and Up
Market-Street Rabbitry.
Market-Street lUbbitry.
Market-Street Rabbitry.
Market-Street Rabbitry.
W. C. BENTHAM. Proprietor.
;*,-, ". ¦ 1E32 Market street.
JUST ARRIVED
Gold Britain scores 95;
only 6 months old: the highest Bcorlng buck
Doctfl of Lrs Angeles. Ccme and see him;
he Is red all over.
A flne line cf Rufus Red pedigreed does on
har.d now. We give the original pedigree
with every hare, tinned by the Meadow-Brook
Belgian Hare Co. of Los Angeles, the largest
rabbitry in the world
V.'c are their agents here
«'all and Bee us at our caleßroom In the
Montgomery Market. 735 Market 6t.
H. E. PYBURN & CO..
Proprietors Laurel Dell Rabbitry,
Salinas City, Cal.
THE AMERICAN RABBITRY,
W. .B. SINK JR., Proprietor.
Finest imported Beleian Hares In the United.
States.
Eec our maerilflcent young buck.
BANNOCK BURN,
A worthy offspring of the great Lord Banbury.
PRINCESS ZENIA.
The moM beautiful imported doe in America.
This week »c will gell Yukon does bred to
Fannnekbum for $12 50.
Your.;? Sir Banbury does same price.
S-Ve Utfore you buy and get good %-alue for ;
your money.
Htock by champion cf the world Fasaoda.
Champicn Edlnboro 11. Charr.plcn Lord Ban-
bury Champion Yukon, Champion Dash. Sir
Styles, Lord ndir.bcro and Trinidad.
I 'ark Avenue. Emeryville.
One block from San Pablo-are, cars.
|___jf
AMERICAN RABniTRY. 120« Masonic are..
near H&ight.
See Golder. Boy King, first get of Golden
F,->y. irrp-
At Ftud. Fai'h'via Prince. Imp., and lied
J=r>\ ereirti Jr. All high cl&fs stock; does bred
tut! with litters: Yukon. Red Sovereign. Non-
jaariei, Kir IJanbury-
We receive new etock dally. Visitors wel-
come.
OrSce Old Bock Store. 15 Fourth st.
PACIFIC RABBITRY
—And
OAKLAND POULTRY YARDS.
Seventeenth and Caetro su. Oakland. Cal.
Importers and Brved«-rs of Pedigreed Belgian
Hares.
100 Thoroughbred Hares Just Received.
CHAMPION
FAFHODA.
ROCHDALE.
LOUD BRITAIN.
TRINIDAD and Other Celebrated Strains.
Vlsitr.is Always Welcome.
CHAMPION
BELGIAN HARE
6ANITARY HEADQUARTERS,
106SH Sutter St., S. F. •
COLORADO RABBITRY. €09 East Twenty-
ninth et., Lns Antreles. Cal. — Breeders of pedi-
greed Belgians; Yukoons and Banbury bucks
t!.at sere well up in the nineties, from $10 up;
docs from be*t Ftralns of Imported stock;
youngs u rs 2 months old, $2 a pair; 3 months,
$15; not reUted. Correspondence solicited.
BARGAINS BARGAINS
We are relllrß our domestic stock to make
rocm for imported Ftock.
Ererytalng must go.
V.'c will poli does S3 1-3 per cent less than act-
ual value and treed them to Imported pnze-
winr.iriK bu'. fc* free of charge.
GREAT BRITAIN BELGIAN HARE CO..
2H2 South Main st., Los Angeles, Cal.
EXTRAORDINARY BARGAINS In thomurh-
lirrrt Belgians: .no disqualification*; pedigrees
genuine. Good y.unz docs $5 each: old ones
M M; tine on«"s. $10; also extra high grade*.
Prices according to quality; large numbers at
reduced jates; we have hundreds to select
frcm. Also some choice young and matured
t>urkff. $.*> to J>) each; *tock a« represented.
Los Angeles RabMtry, 309 Winston St., L. A.
CURT D. HI'RD. 7C6 Cortland aye.; tele-
phone Blue 1^54.
P.ERNAL HEIGHTS RABBITRY.
Imj>orter. breeder and Bhlpper of fancy Bel-
frlan harvs: Barr, Plymouth Rock and Ken-
nels from the l>t-«t strains In America: pedl-
preed etock only. B»mal Heights Rabbitry,
the hojDe of the famous r-uck rhlef, Ycukon
(Imported): K-rvjce fee $10. Take Ingleslde
cars to Cortland avenue, San Francisco.
ARRIVED— PALACE ROYAL, Imported, score
65 C prizes, fee. $25; to approved does only.
Prince Atfred. imported, score 93"i, fee $15.
Blenheim, fee $10.
Alert, fee $5.
Come and see the*e four grand bucks; does
from be*t strain*, bred and unbred, always on
hand: visitors welcome.
VICTORIA RABBITRY. 1277 Seventh aye..
East Oakland: telephone Brook 371.
SUNNYSIDE RABBITRY.
91 J BROADWAY.
Belgian Hare* Belgian Hares.
Call and *cc Senator Dash.
Imported,
The finest -coated hare en the coast; service fee
$15; will be $25 later en. Stock of alt ages and
prties constantly arriving from Low Angeles.
Visitors always welcome. Open on Sundays.
"LORD ESSEX." Imported, fee $20; "Teddy
Roosevelt." winner first prize I»s Angeles, fee
$15; "Dandy Styles." own eon of "Sir Styles."
fee $15; "Britain Prince," own ton of "Lord
Britain" and "Avvalanche," fee $15; "General
Wafhington" (heavy-weight), son of "Star
Buck," fee $10; doe* bred to these bucks from
$10 up; closed Sundays. F. E. MASON, 1719
Everett et.. Alameda. ...
BEST pedigreed does with big litters at Golden
Gate Babbitry. 1607 Mfcsioa »t.; near Twelfth.
BELGIAN HARES.
MERRILL'S RABBITRY.
122GA Georgia Et., Los Angeles, CaL, headed
by PRINCE ALBERT, an Enriish winner;
fee $10. When you purchase doea In Los An-
geles Instruct your dealer to have them bred
to PRINCE ALBERT before •blppin* and ad-
' vUe us of t ach lnstructlosa. Fine etock for
sale. ' -
WESTERN ADDITION BABBITRT, 210T Cali-
fornia et • ealesroom, stall 12. Unlon-equaxe
Market. O'Farrcll and Powell «ta.; choice
pedigreed stock.
BELGIAN hares— Fancy Btock on sale: bred
and unbred does from $10 to $100; young pedi-
greed etock on sale at reasonable prices; cor-
respondence solicited. Pajaro Valley R&b-
bltry, P. O. drawer D, Watsonvllle, Cal
COO HEAD flne«t pedigreed Belgian hares In
Htate; acclimated to Central California; does
bred to bucks scoring 95; start right; booklet
and descriptive llet free. BRITAIN RA_B-
BITRY. Watsonvllle. Cal.
WE offer a larre number of bred does from 6
to 9 months old; Yukon, Banbury, Sir Styles
and many others at from $5 to $12; the cheap-
est dace In the city; does with litters very
cheap. 219 Point Lobos aye.; Geary-at. cars
pass the door.
PACIFIC? Rabbitry. 2641 Mission Bt.. has a
pplendld lot of does, bred and unbred, with
choice pedigree, from $10 up; also the noted
buck Sir Royal, fee $5.' We keep the best
Etock for price, quality considered, of any
one In the city. • ;
RED-FOOT RABBITRY— Choice. Yukon. Lord
Britain. Lord Lurgin. Sir Styles, Duke of
Auckland, Red Rover and Klondike Nugget
etock; pome snaps in does ready to litter and :
with young. We solicit correspondence. .
Seventh and Clay sts., Oakland.
! ALL the leading strain* of high-bred Belgians
! on hand from $£ up. BERKELEY BELGIAN j
HARE CO.. 2M4 Prince Rt., near Shattuck ,
aye.. Ashby station. Visitors always welcome. I
GENUINE pedigreed bred does, best strain; at
stud. Golden Hair, own son of Sir Styles;
pervlce $5. GOLDEN HAIR RABBITRY. 36S
Twelfth, bet. Webster and -Franklin, Oakland.
THOROUGHBRED Belgian hares from all the
rreatfft winning strains. Champion Edlnboro
11. Lord Britain and others. Tremont Rab-
bltrv. 241R Hnrramento Ft.; phone West 217.
VICTORIA RABBITRY— Headed by Pala-e j
Royal. Fcortng * prize*: other bucks at Ftud
and for *»!••¦; does of all grade* and strains,
bred uriri unbred. 1277 Seventh ay.. E. Oakl'd.
MILWAUKEE Rabbitry. Roee aye.. nursery. |
Mills College P. O.— Standard Belgian hares, j
both young and breeding doe* and bucks;
prices reasonable. T. G. ARMSTRONG, prop.
ANOTHER shipment of those hUh-scoring
bucks now on sale: *cor» card by Mrs. A. M.
BuBh with each. LONE MOUNTAIN RAB-
BITRY. IS6 Boyce st. : Geary-st. cam.
GLENWOOD Babbitry. 2245 Geary St., S. F.—
Breeders of pedigreed Belgian hares; flne
buck? and does for sale; prices reasonable.
K.VAPS— Ptrck 20 rer cent le«s than market val-
: ue«. GREAT BRITAIN BELGIAN HARE
1 CO.. 2E13 South Main St.. Los Angeles. Cal.
i MASCOT RABBITRY. 427 Sutter et., B. F. Fine
I pedigreed Ftock guaranteed; at reasonable
I prices; Ferrice. $15 and $21.
PFDIGREED does with litters and young does,
$2 up: exprwagre paid. W. F. ADAMS. 742
Pouth Main Ft.. Los Angeles. Cal.
WILLEY'S BELGIAN RABBITRY. i
Write for particulars. 1239 Eaet Eighth et.. j
Los Anseles^ !
THIS means something; no finer Belgians here |
or England selling to-day; bargains. 321 Vi
Turk Et. . I
THE Enrinal Rabbitry, Haslett & Bew. 1222
Grand rt.. Alameda.; correspond, solicited.
PEDIGREED Beleian doe*, already bred, tX
Ad3re«s P.OBT. A. FATJO. Santa Clara. Cal.
I . i
1 CHOICE aKnifn for lleltrUn hares, tit Golden I
j^Z l
BICYCLES — For Sale or Exchange.
RAMBLER tandem, high bar, good condition,
new tires, for sal* cheap. 121 Powell Bt.
UOAUDING KOK CHILDREN.
PRIVATE home for children. 1 day to 15 years,
by week or month; large eunny yard; select
neighborhood: mother's care; kindergarten;
terms low. ISO 4 Post, bet. Geary and Sutter.
CHILDREN to board In a nice respectable
family: very reasonable. 41 Julian aye.. bet.
14th and 15th, MlFFion and Valencia sts.
ONE or 2 children to board: nice sisnny yard;
} good home: references. Sl3 Mission Bt.
j GOOD home for 2 children. 2178 Perry 6t.,
near Fourth.
HOOKS NEW AND OLD.
BCHOOL BOOKS bought and exchanged.
Holme* TVwk Co.. 7<M Mt««'<rn «t.. near Third.
HOOT AM) SHOE II ; AX/i A INS.
BARGAINS~~In ladles' and children's shoes;
drummers' samples at manufacturer's cost.
J. KOHLBECKER. 143 Fourth *t.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
LIST~YOUR STORE
SALOON. CITY OR COUNTRY REAL
ESTATE OR BUSINESS OF ANY KIND
WITH ME
I CAN KELL IT FOR CASH
H. C. DECKER. IU2O Market St.
| 60 ROOM HOTEL
AND BAR.
Bargain. Price with DECKER, 1020 Market.
rt>o— SALOON on East st. : paying business;
rent $50. Apt,lj- to DECKER. 1020 Market st.
$2750 — GROCERY end bar; paying business;
rruFt fell. DECKER. IC2O Market st.
j J!»0 — Old established corner Baloon; bargain;
golr.R to Cape Nome cause of sale. Me-
. LAUGHLIN & CO.. 777'j Market Bt.
t3OO— CIGAR etand: goM paying business. Mc-
i LAUGHLIN & CO., 777V4 Market St.
! $100— PARTNER wanted; paying business. Me- j
| LAUGHLIN & CO.. 777H Market st.
$300— PARTNER wanted In good paying pa'.oon;
tteadj- ir.p.n required. McLAUGHLIN & CO.,
777H Market *t.
$200— BAKKRI with oven: bargain this day.
Mclaughlin & co.. 777* Market «t.
A— s4 r /Xi — ON account of large and increasing
trufineß*, young man wants partner In dairy
produce buelners; controls first-class trade;
tie* outride route; good horses and wagons,
full set of machinery; everything favorable
for rapid lnciraße; must have help; clears
J3OO per month; toFt references; must be able
to ketp plain ac-ounts; act as cashier, look
after help, etc.; owner there 9 years. STEN-
BERO CO., 525 Market at.
A— J2SO— PARTNER In business clearing $100 per
month to each; light work; short hours; no
experience required. See Jones & Co., 565 Mkt.
$2000— FINE livery and feed stable: everything
complete: clears J2OO per month: slcknens
' cause of sale. JONES & CO., BCS Market Bt.
SALOON, hotel, cigar store, grocery. In fact
any class of business: buyers will find satis-
faction and many choice hnrcalnn by calling
on SCHWEINHARD & CO., rooms 1-2, 317
Market *t., opposite Mason.
QUICK sales I* our motto.
Should you want to buy,' Bell or exchange any
¦property or bu«ineFH, we are able to please
you In every respect. BROCKLEHURST &
MEOLADDERY. 7f.9 Market St.
BALOON— Must be sold at once; this ts a snap.
COWING & CO.. 719 Market st.
$275— CIGAR Btore; centrally located; come
quick COWING ft CO., 719 Market Bt.
$450— PARTNER wanted in light business; SI? to
$25 a week each to start; no experience, re-
quired; trial given; a bargain. 9 Geary st.,
room 2.
J2OO— HOME bakery for sale; low rent; a lady
can mcke a flne living hpre and save money
besides; a bargain. Apply 9 Geary St., r. 2.
A— J^A- PARTNER; movlnsr and storage busi-
ness I.M) monthly. KREDO & CO., 22^ Geary.
$15 WEEKLY— Young man with $180 wanted.
Particulars Cosmopolitan Agency, 26 Geary.
COUNTRY general store for pale — Complete
stock, hors» and wawn, etc.; well-built fur-
nished house, modem conveniences: large
ground*, barn, Rtables and chicken-hou*es;
about 2W> head choice poultry, cow; well-pay-
ing business ; no opposition: beautiful climate
and surroundings; price $4500 cash; house,
etci, cost more: owner has Important Interests
north. C. WILLMOTT. 916 Market St.. S. F.
WANTED— SCOCO to complete Cape Nome pror
jest; Its expenditure under control of In-
vestor, also proceeds from Investment, until
the above amount, with a profit of $3000. has
l>een .returned to him: the whole within a
few weeks after arrival; more profits later;
principals only. Add. room 165, Rubs House.
AN established oil company, organized under
the laws of Arizona, etock now selling readily,'
owns ground on Los Angeles field, offers bona
fide ground-floor proposition. Address J. M.
SHIELDS. 119 South Broadway. Los Angeles.
LEADINO hotel In Monterey; 33 rooms, parlor,
dining-room, kitchen and bar; completely fur-
nished; will rent, sell or exchange. For par-
ticulars write JOHNSON & CARR. Monterey,
Cal. -
ON account of departure — Welsman's Cream-
erie. the best equipped restaurant In San
Kranelj»co; average about $90 to $10") per day.
Apply between 11 and 1 o'clock Monday, at 23
Grant aye. : • .
TAILOR fcußlnes*— Your price; 'give up these
things you call bosses; get union prices your-
uplf: come, I will help you: retiring. Address
C 22 Stanyan Bt., Halght-st. car entrance park.
CLAIRVOYANT of ten years' experience
wishes a manager, lady, or gentleman, with
means, to go to Cape Nome. • I 2« O'Farrcll Et.
FOR; sale— Dental offlce; well equipped with
practice; (SCO; Investigate. Box 4SSJ, Call. >
BUSINESS CHANCES— ContIn««dU
$175— CHICKEN ranch; 200 laying henaj all Im-
provements, fruit; rent $5 too.; bargain. E>l-
monfl. Frultvale. Alameda Co.. Isaac's ranch.
YOUNG man would like to b« Instructed In
home-made candy-making In order to buy a
ehara as partner. Box 3478, Call office.
FOR sale— 2 good milk routes and dairy atore;
2 flne wagons: 3 bead of horses; business
Bpeaka for Itself. Box 4685. Call. .
$3000— FOR eale; a flne corner drugstore; owner
has two places; place is making bis money.
Address box 2018. Call ofllce.
BARGAIN— Good paying oyster and chop house;
only $100; must sell immediately. 807 Grant ay.
SHOEMAKER'S outfit for eale cheap; toola,
machine, lasts, etc. Box 3437, Call offlce.
BUTTER, eggs, milk and delicacies; flne fix-
tures; paying business. 115 Sixth at.
SOUTHEAST cor. Mariposa and Florid* st*.;
store and flat; 5 rooms. See owner.
AN oil man of experience Is open for engage-
ment. Box 4658. Call offlce. '
NEWS depot, stationery, notions; cheap; no
opposition. Box 4633. Call.
FOR SALE cheap— Delicacy store with living
rooms. 645 McAllister at. .
CIGAR stand; heart of city; good reasons for
selling. Box 3459. Call.
BRANCH bakery, notions and candy; no agents.
213H Fourteenth et.
BARGAIN— Good paying dairy; 17 cows, I
horses, route, etc.; only $1100: must sell lm-
medlately. Lock box 127. Frultvale P. O.
WELL-ESTABLISHED branch bakery, candy
and notion etore cheap; reasons, going back
East. 916 Railroad aye. South.
BARBERS— 3-chair shop complete for $100;
cheap rent. Apply 1542 Market at.
SHOE Bhop for sale; 2 machines. 832 Bush at.
CANDY factory, ice cream parlor; trade e*tab-
ll shed; good business; $375. Box 3471. Call.
INTEREST In .large dental practice of long
standing; excel, opportunity. Box 3463, Call.
$C 0 TO $15,000— Parties to Invest amounts from
$50 to $15,000 for increasing ' manufacturing
business; staple article; always in demand;
no competition; pays over 25 per cent per
| annum: money secured. Address box 3413,
Call ollice.
FOR sale cheap — Complete brlckmaklng plant:
-a?olln* engine: Quaker machine; capacity
I S6.000; located on Donahue road; convenient
' for shipping. Address RIDENHOUR BRICK
I CO., Hilton, Sonoma County, Cal.
OLD-ESTABLISHED rentaurant, with 6 fur-
nished rooms, all rented: near car houses and
transfers: rent $35; going to Cape Nome.
1915 Central aye
$1800— FOR sale; one of the best located res-
taurants In city: owner 'has two places; a
fortune to the right party. Ad. box-SOl7. Calk-
CORNER saloon: lest location: rent $20; must
be sold before Saturday; make an offer. Ad-
dret?B box 3462, Call office.
$300— SALOON and cafe, with piano, for sale;
owner going away; rent $30; old established.
Box 3427. Call offlce.
PARTNER wanted In fruit and vegetable busi-
ness; small capital. Address 432 Cortland
avenue.
$600"— PARTNER wanted In lumber manufac-
turing business: no agents. Box 3439. Call.
STATIONERY, notion and cigar store: flne lo-
cation, nenr 3 large schools. 300 Hayes st.
4-CHAIR barber shop for Kale cheap; party
going North. 3095 Sixteenth st.
BAKERY ytore. 1105 Howard «t.; 4 rooms, with
large oven and tools to-let low.
tos0 — For Bale: groceries and bar and lodging-
house. 129 Perry st.
t;OCt— BRANCH bakery and delicatessen Btore
for sale Box 3035. Call offlce.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL fc CO.. 412 Sacrtfmento st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore st.
A KKANCH office lor the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk Bt. ; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisement* and
*üb*criptlons has been established at 109* Va>
Imrta *t.
CAHIUAGES AND WAGONS.
NEW bakery and laundry: 3-can milk wagon;
2-reated spring wagon; 1 heavy and 2 light
delivery wagons. 22 Cortland aye.
NEW & 2d-hand wagons, buggies, carts & har-
ne**. work A driving hordes. 15th _/k Valencia.
BELLING rut. half cost. 100 eet* harness, 200
wairons. 1140 Fol^om *t. near Eighth. ;
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
Fend to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 353-357 Tehama St.; tel. S. 40.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Beating and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 14th st. ; tel. Mission 74. ¦
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. 3S-40 Bth *t.; tel. South 250.
J. MCQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
453 Stevenson St.; tel. South 225; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 4c.
STRATTON'B. 3 Eighth St.: tel. Jessie 944.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st. ; j
tel. Main 334. GEO. WALCOM, proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 333 Golden
Gnte aye.: telephone East 126.
SPIRITUALISM.
ATTENTION! REMOVED!
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE,
The World's Most Famous Medium
and Clairvoyant,
Reveals Your Life From the Cradle
to the Grave.
Every Hidden Mystery Revealed.
To the Sick Especially
Her assistance Is priceless. Her. "Revealed j
Medicines," registered and copyrighted, cure '
nil diseases on earth, consumption, paralysis, .
rheumatism, all skin diseases, heart and
nervoug affections. The wonderful cures which
the hag made are the talk of the whole slope.
WRITE
If you cannot call, for thousands upon thou-
sands have been made rich, happy and healthy :
without ever having come to see this wonderful
woman. Consultation by mall Is always suc-
cessful and satisfactory, and all correspondence
is kept sacredly confidential.
Address or call, MRS DR. A. D. HOWE.
Office* removed to her residence. 1061 Seventh
aye., Kas-t Oakland, Cal.
N. B.— Take S. F. broad-gauge ferry and get
off at Clinton Station, j second station from
Broadway.
MRS. HARRISON, the noted and . wonderful
medium, .Inte of Stockton, Is located at 43
Sixth St.; Fplrltual labor readings dally from
9 a. m. to 7 p. m; circles every evening.
MRS. BAILEY, circles Tues. and Frl. eve.. 10c;
read.. L. 25c, G. 60c. 1204 Flllmore. nr. Turk.
MEDA HORKINS. spiritual medium. 1423 Mar-
ket, bet. 10th nnd 11th; clr. Mon.. 8 p. m.
MRS. ROBINSON. 1E46 Market, opd. 10th: sit-
tings daily: circles Monday and Friday eves.
MME. VERLEIN, llfo and card reader; busi-
nep« advice 50c. 52m, Post Bt.
ARNOLD- DICKSON: sit. dally; consult, tree;
meeting to-night: nil Invited. 148 -Uh. rm. 1.
MRS. SEAL, spiritual and healing medium;
and treatments dally. 24 Sixth at.
MRS. J.J.WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test, buslne B s
medium, life reader; sitting. $1. 1104 Market.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
aiTis7luß?'cLAßKr~"
THE WELL-KNOWN TRANCE MEDIUM.
PERMANENTLY LOCATED AT 205 TURK.
May be consulted on all affairs of life:
while entranced *he reveals every hidden mys-
etery; the will -show you how to overcome
your enemle*; remove family troubles; restore
tost affections; unite the separated: recover
lo*t cr stolen property; locates minerals;
tells your entire life, while in a perfect
trance; satisfaction cuaranteed by mail.
Send Ftamp for circular, with special terms.
MRS. DR. CLARK, 205 Turk «t. near Jonea;
hours. 10 a. m. to 8 p. m. daily. .
MME. LAXOR, the great clairvoyant, tells past,
future; never falls; has the greatest Egyptian
secret; shows picture future husband or wife;
fee 25c and up; satisfaction to everybody; tips
on races.- 1167 Market St.. bet. 7th and Bth.
MME. A. CERVANTES, the celebrated Spanish
fortune teller; gives best ndvlce In difficult
matters. 19 Fulton st.. near Larkln.
CLAIRVOYANT, medium and palmist; all you
seek to know answered without questions;
tatlsfactlon; readings) 00c 126 O'Farrell Bt.
MIBS MELVILLE, great clairvoyant and water
reader; Gernion spoken. 921V_ Mission, op. Mint.
MME. HANSON, palmistry; card reader; past.
present, future, 25c. 148 Sixth st., room 12.
MME. ZEREDA of 5 Seventh Bt., original gypsy
• life reader: last week; readings 25c. '
MRS. DR. WEST, business, test medium: re-
turned; magnetic treatments. 1206 Mkt.. r. 15.
MRS.'RHKLDON reads life fluently: business
ndvlce. E5O Market St., ¦ second floor, ¦ room S7.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry. 25c; truth or no pay. 1149 Mission.
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant.' card ' reader:
Blttlngs dally. 212H Sixth st. ¦ '
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
advice; names given: 25c up. E Fourth st.
MME SYBILLE— CradIe to grave; future hus-
band'n picture. ?Sc; ladle*. 914 O'Farreli >t.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency; no charga un-
less eucceasful. -¦ Room 810, 927 Ma-*"— -*• .
i COTTAGES TO I_ST.
COTTAOB of 4 •tinny rooma and halls l_wtr
papered; large yard and chlcken-houa«i rent
iia. U3 Eureka at., between Eighteenth and
Nineteenth; Castro cars.
COTTAGE of 4 rooma; larr* yard and good cel-
lar. Apply at 113 ColUrurwood at.. beC Uth
and .Ota (Castro street cars to 19th).
COTTAGE} of 4 rooma and barn; 15x110; 1557
Treat ays.. bet Preclta and Stoneman. Call
at 221 Shot well at.
COTTAGE] 'of 4 rooma; large yard; opposite
school. 837 Church St.. bet. Hat and tid.
COTTAGE— Sunny and pleasant flvn rooms and
bath. 2718 Bryant, near Twenty-fifth.
CALIFORNIA, 2813— Cottage; 6 rooma; bath;
large yard.
GROVE. 720— Cottage; 4 large sunny rooma; gas,
bath; separate yard and garden.
NEAT sunny cottage; bath; large grounds. 30
Dearborn, off Seventeenth, near Valencia; $15.
BUNNY cottages. 4 and 5 rooms, basement.
yard: stable If required. 1876 Fifteenth st.
DENTISTS.
A-DR. T. S. HIGGINS' dental parlors. »27
Market St., over Cafe Zlnkand— Teeth extract-
ed without pain by use of electricity, gaa or
chloroform; also by local anaesthetics applied
to the gums; the best and most artistic dental
work at reasonable prices; pure gold fllllngs
from $1 up; other fillings from 50c; badly de-
cayed teeth carefully treated and filled or
crowned without pain; plates that fit from
$4 50 up; open evenings and Sundays.
A FULL set of teeth on a rubber plate. $5-: a
full ret of teeth on a gold plate. $25; teeth
without a plate; crown and bridge work our
specialty; see our flesh-colored plates, thinner
and Btronrer than rubber, warranted for 20
years; fillings, 50c; crowns, $3 50; all work
painless and warranted. Chlcaeo Dental Par-
lors, 24 Sixth st.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket St., cor. 4th, rm. 7. Flood bldg.. you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 SO up; plates, extractions free; $4 50 up; of-
flce hours, 9 a.m. to 10 p.m.; Sundays, 9 to 2
.p. m. G. W.WILLIAMSON, M.D., Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St.. ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his won-
derful secret method: crowns, $2: bridges. $4;
rubber or flexible plates, $3: received 8 first
prizes: no student*: guaranteed 12 years.
FULL set of teeth. $5; gold crowns, $3: new
methods In bridge work; fllllngs. gold, $1 up;
Bllver. 50c; painless extraction, 50c; gas given.
New York Dental Parlors, 963 Ml3Blon.cor.6th.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. 11th— No
charge for extracting when plates are made;
old plates made over like new; teeth from $8
per set; extracting IQc; gas given. .
IDEAL gold filling Inserted for 76c. with writ-
ten guarantee for 5 years; plates. $3; crowns,
$1. IDEAL DENTAL CO.. t Eddy at.
MEYER, Deutscher Zahnartx. < Turk; painless
ext., crowns, bridge work; open Bund, till 12.
EASTERN Dental Parlor. 119 Third Bt.: crown-
brldge work: ext. painless; full set teeth $7
PARIS Dental Parlor. 225 Kearny. cor. Bush—
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns. $3: fllllngs. 25c
VAN VROOM— "Painless" : evenings and Bun-
days. 1001 Market St.. corner Sixth.
BET of teeth without date. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. IS4I Polk st.
OHIO Dental Parlors, Inc.: 8 graduate opera-
tore: open evening* and Sundays. 850 Market.
gOGJIOSPITALS._ •
DR. CREELEY'S C. P. mange cure and worm
pills by all druggists or at the dog hospital.
JlO Golden Gate aye. ; a special ward reserved
for contagious diseases. Telephone East 257.
DR. BUZARD'S Dog Hospital. Post. Flllmore—
Advice and medicine 75c; city visits $1 50; all
rhl-ihl' treated: dors boarded. Tel. W>st 636.
URESSMAKEnS AND SEAJISTKKSSES
LADIES— Now Is the time to get your summer
sewing done cheap; you can bring any class
of work you wish; ladles' tailoring a special-
ty; sewing lesson*. $1 per week; evening
classes. S. F. Dress Cutting School, 411 Van
Ness aye.
McDOWELL'S Is the place to learn practical,
dressmaking; late patterns cut. 103 Post st.
DRESSMAKING, ladle*' tailoring; flrst-class
fit; flne work a specialty. 120 Turk Bt.
S. F. Dressmaking, Ladles' Tailoring School;
French tailoring *ystem taught. 411 Van Ness.
PARISIAN dressmaking. 387 Geary st.: dresses
made. $5 up: dresses made over; perfect fit.
ACCORDION pleating factory. All kinds pleat-
lng. pinking. 121 Post, over O'ConnorAMofCatt.
™ EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S BuFiness College, 24 Post Bt., S. F.—
Practical courses In bookkeeping, shorthand,
tpylng, languages, telegraphy, English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engin-
eering, etc.; new 80-page catalogue free.
PRIVATE leFsons In shorthand and typewrit-
ing by a lady; complete course In the Pitman
system by a new method, which graduates
pupils In 6 or 8 weeks; terms eaay. Box 3481,
Call offlce. .
COURSE of lessons In drawing or painting. $5;
flre etching on wood and leather taught at
the ARTISTS' EXCHANGE, 572 McAllister
St.. near Van Ness. OLIVIA KINGSLAND.
A HIGH grade school— Commercial Western
Business University; arranged in departments;
pay only for what you get. Call or address
723 Market «t.. San Francisco.
ALL students but two taking full course
this year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO
BUSINESS COLLEOE. 1236 Market Bt.
AYRES'. leading business college, 723 Market:
Individual Instruction: bookkeeping, short-
hand, typing: life scholarship, $50; catalogue.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec. mining, mech. »ur-
vev, assay, cyanide, arch.: day, eve.: est. 1564.
VAN DER NAIIjLEN SCHOOL. 933 Market.
SHORTHAND taught personally or by mail: ac-
knowledged by official reporters "best teacher,
best system." M. O. BARRETT. 302 Montgmy.
VIOLIN, zither, guitar, banjo, mandolin in-
struction. W. P. CHAMBERS, 204 Sutter at.;
Main ICO.
BOOKKEEPING practically; no theory: rapid
calculations. Taw, Expert Acct., Flood bldg.
MANDOLIN, the latest fad, thoroughly taught
by PROF. MERKI. 1003 Mission ;vlolln. guitar.
FRENCH. Bpanl«b,ete.,Prof.l>e Filippe's Academy
•f laneti«ge«.S2n roat;efitab'd 1871; ablest profs.
ESPINA. Penman; business writing a specialty;
engrossing; Spanish. 337 Phelan building.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.: day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr.6th.
PIANO, banjo, mandolin; reasonable terms;
• thoro'iph Instruction. Studio. 405 Geary, r. 47.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A^JAPANESE-CHINESE Contractor and Em-
ployment Offlce furnishes best laborers and
domestic servants. 4 Carles place, off O'Far-
rell, bet. Powell and Mason; tel. Black 4354.
A— MOST reliable Japanese and Chinese em-
ployment offlce: established over flve years.
421 Post st. ; telephone Bush 135.
UNION Japanese-Chinese Employment Offlee —
Be?t help. 417 Powell st., telephone Clay 86.
ORPIIEUM Employment Offlce— Japanese, Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, near Sutter: tel. Black 6072.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Offlce—
Best help. 414*4 O'Farrell *t.: tel. East 426.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
THE BUSINESS. WOMAN'S CLUB.
927 Market (incorporated); tel. South 279; club
rooms 201, 202, 203 Emma Spreckels building,
927 Market. We want to call your atten-
tion to the fact that we can furnish you with
reliable female help for clerical Dosltions, 1.
c., stenographer! and typewriters, bookkeep-
ers, .cashiers, salesladies, domestics, etc.
All Help FURNISHED FREE OF CHARGE.
AN American woman wishes situation to do
any kind of work; is first-class laundress and
good, housekeeper; will work by day at $1 and
carfare. 113V4 Third St.. room 8, upstairs.
LADY, a stranger, would like position as house-
keeper for hotel or rooming house. Box 3497,
Call. ¦
GOOD cook and waitress would like to go to
Cape Nome with party. Call or address A. 8.,
9 Howard court. .
REFINED woman wishes position as compan-
lon. Box 3474. Call. ¦
REFINED woman wishes place as housekeeper.
Box 3409. Call.
LADY to accompany lady to Europe; would as-
sist with children. Box 3480. Call.
"WANTED— B.y competent German girl; house-
work nnd cooking; wages $25.. Address 1931
ICth aw.. South San Francisco.
LADY with little girl. 8 years old, would like
a place to work In small family; home more
than wage)'; good plain cook; city or Oak-
land. '372 Clementina st. ¦ -
STENOGRAPHER; expert: Al references; 5
years" experience; thoroughly reliable; owns
machine; wants position. Box 3457, Call offlce.
YOUNG lady wishes position In doctor's or den-
tist's offlce; reasonable salary. Box 3479. Call.
AN Eastern woman, stranded here and dis-
tressed. . asks Immediate financial aid In re-
turn for services as housekeeper, cook, nurse
or anything honorable; country preferred
Box 4700, Call:
BY a ' Parisian young lady, epeaktng English
fluently, a situation as lady's maid, compan-
ion or nurse, to go" to Europe. Address J
COCAGNE. Redlandg. Cat.
WOMAN wishes steady position doing house-
work: good housekeeper and plain cook: ref-
erences, • Please call 431 Bryant St., nr. Third.
EMPLOYMENT WAXTED— FEMAtM.
A SALESLADY, experienced, responsible, ex-
cellent refa.. wanta poaltlon. Box »477. CalL
AN office woman, good lonrhand writer, rea-
aonable nalary, wanta poaltlon. Box »475. Call.
OFUIMAN woman works by the day: washing,
ironing and bouM olaanlng or nursing. 1&>1
Howard at.
TOUNO woman wishes housework by day;
wagea $1 10. «» Seventh at.
BKIRTS rebound and children's wear a «pe-
olalty at 1614 Mission, bet. Uth and Uth.
WANTED-A poaltlon aa housekeeper;^ reliable
and competent. Address A. H.. box P.. Call.
GERMAN lady wants " washing by the week;
wart at ho_i. 2334 Oreenwlch at.; telephone
Baker 1139.
DRESSMAKER from the East, flr»t-clas« cut-
ter and fitter, will go out by day; make a
suit In one day. 1532 Polk at.
A RELIABLE girl wishes general housework
or cooking In private family: bent reference;
wagen $20 to $2& Please call t23 Stevenson
Bt., near Sixth.
A WOMAN wlshea position to do washing or
house-cleaning by day. Call 6U Howard Bt.
AMERICAN Protestant woman would like a
poaltlonas working housekeeper: city or coun-
try; good references. Address MRS. L. J..
HSVj Ninth at. |
MAN and wife would like to take care of house
during owner's absence. Address box 4TOO. Call.
RESPECTABLE- woman wlshea situation as
cook for party going to Cape Nome. Mrs. W.,
126 O'Farrell st. '
ELDERLY Scotch woman wishes a place: Is
good cook and housekeeper; light work: mod-
erate wagrs; city or country. Address 341 :
Minna at., between Fourth and Fifth. j
WANTED— A situation; a lady, about 38 years,
as chambermaid or watting at tables; In city
preferred. Apply 965 Mission st.
WANTED— Sewing and mending to do at home.
Call at 150 Fourth »t.. room 7.
GERMAN girl, speaking German. French and
English, wishes a position to take rare of
children or lady's maid, to travel to Europe.
Apply or address 215 Union st.
WINCHESTER House, 41 Third Bt.. near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms; Uc to $1 SO night; $1 SO to IS
week, convenient and respectable: fre* 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch ciflce. 2200 Flllmare.
A BRANCH efflce for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st. ; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1094) Va-
lencia st.
EMPLOYMENT WAXTED — MALE.
THE BUSINESS WOMAN'S CLUB.
927 Market (Incorporated), tet. South 279; club
rooms 201, 202, 203 Emma Spreckels building,
927 Market. We want to call your attention to
the fact that we can furnish you with reliable
male helD for clerical poeltlont, 1. c.. sten-
ographers and typewriters, bookkeepers, cash-
iers, salesmen, domestics, etc.
All Help FURNISHED FREE OF CHARGE.
GARDENER, middle-aged, married. and steady
man; want!" situation on a private place; un-
derstands the greenhouse, take care of horses,
cows; can run gasoline engine; handy with
tools; best references; letters. EMIL, Gar-
dener. box 3472. Call office.
A MARRIED man. Just arrrlved from the East,
wants situation on fruit ranch or gentleman's
place; good, all-round man; understands flow-
ers and vegetables, gardening; best of refer-
ences; age 40; no children; would like to meet
gentleman requiring such a man as overseer
or foreman. Apply METZER, Russ House.
Montgomery St., room 122.
GARDENER, married: aa care-taker of private
place; thorough experience; not afraid of
work; best references. Address Gardener,
Dalve's Hotel. Woodslde. Cal.
GARDENER, florist, competent In all branches,
wants position in or near city; fair wages ex-
pected; references. Address L. S., 626 Jessie.
SITUATION wanted by competent single man;
understands general farming, orchard and
garden work and raising poultry on a large
scale; flrst-class references. Box 3459, Call.
GOOD, pteady and Intelligent young man wishes
position of any kind; can furnish good refer-
ences. Address box 3454. Call.
COACHMAN— Thoroughly capable of taking
care of flne horses and carriages! good care-
taker of gentleman's residence; city or coun-
try. COACHMAN, harness store. 1408 Polk St.
COACHMAN, thoroughly understands his busi-
ness In all branches. Is trustworthy and reli-
able, desires situation In private family; ref-
erences. C. S.. 1022 Jackson st.
ENGINEER wishes position, city or country;
references.- Box 4694, Call offlce.
AGED man, not uncultured; wlsbea to make
himself generally useful for neat home and
pmall salary; city or country. Address box
4622. Call offlce.
ELDERLY man seeks position, either to teach
children German. French and English
branches or act as companion to Invalid or
traveling escort; pleasant home of more con-
sideration than remuneration. Address box
3492, Call Office.
AN experienced cook wants position as chef In
hotel or restaurant; flrst-class city references.
Address PETERSON. 615 Larkln st,
HOUSE painter at 667 Minna st. wants Job by
the day.
POSITION as foreman on farm by aober. In-
dustrious man: is married and has small fam- j
lly: has had 10 years' experience In vineyard, j
orchard and general farm work: wages rea-
sonable. Write or call at 2717 Mariposa st.
COMPETENT amateur photographer would
like opportunity to learn gallery work. Box
2748. Call office. Oakland.
JAPANESE young boy wishes position In doc-
tor" b efflce as bellboy. Box 4659, Call.
BRIGHT French boy, neat appearance, 14 years,
who understands little English, wants situa-
tion for store work; references. E. MARTY,
care of Legallet Tanning Co., South San Fran-
cisco.
COMPETENT, all-around cook for English.
French or German kitchen wishes a situation;
country preferred. Address box 3464. Call.
MAN and wife want situations; man willing
to do any kind of work: woman as chamber-
maid or housekeeper. Box 3412, Call office.
DRAUGHTING; by young man. some experi-
ence: familiar with mining machinery; pay '
nominal. Address box 3500, Call offlce.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st.; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and j
subscriptions has been established at 10V6 Va-
lencia st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to viy address In the
United States or Canada? one year for $1,
postage paid. .
EXCHANGE.
EXCHANGE— SIS,OOO: 3 elegant flats. Western
Addtion; rents $100; take ranch property value
of $8000.
-? 2000— Want city or suburban property; a flne
home: 30 acres: near Callstoga; 9 acres French
prunes; In good shape^^
I. C. SCHARFF. 20 Montgomery st.
FOR Ba-le, or exchange for city or Oakland
property. 10 acres of land near Menlo Park,
with new 5-room house and outbuildings, 170
fruit trees and vines, all tn bearing; large
oaka and ornamental trees: water piped
through the place; value $15000. For par-
ticulars address C. J. 8.. Menlo Park; no
agents. - - - _
EXPERT OPTICIAN'S.
GEORGE MAYERLE. German expert optician.
IOTIH Market st.: examinations free: German
eyewater by mall. 60c. Phone. Mint 157.
FIXAXCIAU
$50 TO $15.000— Parties to Invest amounts from
$50 to $15,CC0; for Increasing manufacturing
business; staple article: always In demand: no
competition; pays over 25 per cent per annum;
money secured. Address box 3413, Call offlce.
-— j^———— —————— - . _„
A— BRAND new flats, 4 to 10 rooms, from $1S
up. A. M. SPECK & CO., 667 Market Bt!
A— NW. COR. Sutter and Scott— Finest flat In
city for the price: Investigate; 6 large rooms
and large glazed porch; appreciated of seen.
CHOICE, sunny flats,. 4 and 5 rooms, bath; nice
location; Hanover place, off Sacramento at
above Powell: small families.
CLARA. 168, near Fifth— Three rooma. $7 50-
two rooms, $4 60. -
COZY flat of 3 rooms, complete for housekeep-
ing. 1057 Golden Gate aye.; rent $14.
ELEGANT sunny flat: 6 rooma and bath. 6
Metcalf place, oft Geary Bt.. bet. Mason and
j Taylor.
FELL, 524— Flats of 3 rooms and bath. $13; also
flats, 4 rooms; no bath; $9.
FEW steps from City Hall; elegant flat: S
rooms; bath. 10 Grove st.
FOURTEENTH. 726. near Market-S sunny
rooms; large yard and stable; rent $I*. i
IF you want to move set printed U*t flats to tet
fromBALDWINftHOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
JESSIE 1324, off Hermann— $3; flat of 3 rooms-
sun all day. Apply at UMBSEN'S.
MISSION. 1513 H. near Eleventh— Upper flat; «
large sunny rooma; bath and laundry; rent
reasonable. . '
BUNNY upper flat, • r. c bath. 6 closets: grand
view; |30; adults. 11118 Jonea, nr. California.
¦• ' : •."¦•—¦:¦ v ¦'..--¦ :--.' 1
FLATS TO LET.
SUNJXT lower flat; S rooms, bad and yaxd.
1744 Folsom st.. near Thirteenth.
SUNNY lower flat: 4 rooms; newly papered;
116H Perry sti; two entrances: rent HO.
THIRD. K3, cor. South Park— New Cat; six
rooma and bath; all modern appliances; plaa*-
ant outlook and abundance of sunshln*.
TO rent— Small flat: Sit 11 Adelaide place, oft
Taylor at., bet. Poet and Geary.
$3 SO AND $5; reduced; 1123 Vallejo st.. near
Leaven. worth; 2 flats, 4 rooms, yard each.
$U— LOVELY flat of 4 large rooms and bath;
nice view. 292 Third aye., corner Clement:
take Eutro car.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call 16 pages, sent to any address In th_
United Statew. po-tpalrt. for H per year.
FI^ATC TO LET — FURXISH&O.
"WILL rent a newly furnished flat for « months
very reasonable to small family. 1431 O'lar-
rell at.
FURNITURE of 8 rooms for sale at a bargain;
In use only a few months. Call at l.rt L.U3.
KUnMTURE FOR SALE.
GREAT snap— Elegant furniture of 5 rooms;
brand-new; Lowell Axminater carpet; In use
only 1 week: flat on Lyon St.; rent *»6. a. j.
MOORE. 1033 Market st.
FURNITURE for sale cheap: 8 roonu and
bath: sunny flat: downtown: 3 steady room-
ers; must sell: payments. Inquire 2ttt> Hyde.
FURNITURE of 2 rooms for sale cheap; no
dealers: rent ?11. 645 Xatoma at.
4 ROOMS furnished In cak for *43 W. with No.
7 rupee. King Fiirtiltnr- «'.v. H.7-11.T1 Mark»t.
FUn.N'lTlim IV'AXTED.
PRIVATE party will pay cash for some high
grade furniture and carpets. 14 Fifth st.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
piano. 1133 Market >t.: telephone Jessie 781.
ALFRED WOLLPERT. 773 Mission at., paya
the highest price for your id-hand furniture.
W. E. CODY Uate with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
furniture, carpets.. 757 Mission: tel. Red 33»3.
PRICE * ROSEXBAUM pays spot cash for
furniture. 733 Mission: phone Black 4u74.
WANTED— Low roll-top desk In gooJ condi-
tion. Address box 3457. Call offlce.
A WEEK'S new» for & cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pagee. In wrapper, for mailing. II per y«ar.
HELP AVAN'TEIX— FEMALE.
30 Girls; general housework: at once; p> to $30.
BUSINESS WOMAN'S CLUB. 527 MARKET.
3 NURSE girls, at once, good wages. EUSI-
NESS WOMAN' d CLUB. 927 MARKET ST.
S GIRLS; aecond work; J3O. BUSINESS WO-
MAN'S CLUB. 927 MARKET BT.
A— 3 MILLINERS: head mllltner: 2 seconds.
BUSINESS WOMAN'S CLUB. 927 MARKET.
A HOUSEKEEPER, with hotel experience^
must be reliable and have a small amount o^
capital: handle your own money. BLsINEba
WOMAN'S CLU». 327 MARKET. _
A-THE BUSINESS WOMAN'S CLUB. IOOJn,
Broadway. Oakland, room IG. Phone Brush EEL
4 flrst-class women for general housework.
J-0-J25- 2 girls, second work and sew. must
have good references. $3); plenty of places for
middle-aged women, small salaries, good
homes; young French girl, nurse cnt» child.
$15, call early.
C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant ISS
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Head waitress. $30; waitress. Sacramento. $.j;
2 waitresses. Fresno. ZZ. fare here; 2 wait-
resses Fresno. $.0. fare here: waitress. I>i»
Gatos $20; waitress, St. Helena. $20: wait-
ress. Keswick. $20. fare here: waitress. San
Jose, $2j: 2 waitresses, city. $2.": 2 chamber-
maids, $20; chambermaid. $17 50; chamber-
maid. $15; 3 chambermaids, to wait. $20: wo-
man cook, resort. $if>: woman cook. $40; in-
stitution cook. $40; bread and pa3try baker,
J4O, country.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Second girl Alameda, $1?, see party here at
2 o'clock Monday; 2 houseglrls. Martinez. $?'>;
housegirl. Mill Valley. $25; cook for men. $23.
nee party here; 5 German and Swedish cooka.
$25; 2 second girls, city. $20: 5 choice places
for housework, city, $2>>. $23; others; nursa
girl, one baby. $CO. C, R. HANSEN A CO..
IC4 Geary st.
SUSIE HILEINGER. shamponner. please call
or send address to a R. HANSEN & CO.. liH
Geary st.
WANTED— Housegirls, Alameda, $25: Santa
Clara. $23; Fair Oaks, $25; Oakland, $35;
Mountain View, $25; Berkeley. $25; Stockton.
$23; Martinez. $25; Mill Valley. $25: Lea
Catos. $25; Millbrae. $20: BenicU. $20; Shasta.
$20; Jackson. $20: Suisun, $20; 50 Scandi-
navian. German. French ar.J neat Irian
housegtrls. $.». $23. city and co-antry. ana
many others for city too numemuj to adver-
tlse. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 31S Sutter at.
WANTED— Fcr large Institution, short dis-
tance In country. 2 girls to wcrk in kitchen
at $30 and $25 per month: good home. W. D.
EWER & CO.. 610 Clay Bt.
OPERATORS to work In factory on Auto-
matlc machine. 723 Market Bt.. room 35.
OPERATORS on ladles' underwear. 723 Mar-
ket st.. room 35.
OPERATORS on electric power sewing ma-
chines on shirts at GREENEBAUM, WEIL
& MICHELS. £31 Mission st.
A YOUNG woman for housework; must be cap-
able and willing; Call Monday. 757 McAllis-
ter st.
WANTED— Young lady tt> travel In good paying
business: no triflers need apply. Call Monday
and Tuesday. 34 Kearny St.. rooms 15 and Id.
EXPERIENCED finishers oa custom coats. 723
Market St.. room Zi.
A STENOGRAPHER: city: experience- not
necessary: must have a little money to Invest
in paying proposition. Box 3416. Call offlce.
A LADY FOR RECEPTION ROOM; must b»
a lady of excellent family and have so— .»
means; salary $40. Box 3476. Call offlce.
HIGHEST wages paid to good sewing machine
operators on overalls. Apply at ence to MR.
DAVIS, care LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. S2V>
Fremont st. •
A STENOGRAPHER for permanent position la
offlce In Oakland: experience not necessary.
Box 3475, Call efflce.
A SECRETARY for a corporation; lady of In-
fluence: some means; salary $40. Box 3415,
Call offlce.
FINISHERS and basters on coats. 117 Russ
street.
GOOD position out of the city for a bright
woman about 30. Box 4652. Call office.
WANTED — A young man or young woman
with experience In selling cnxrkery and
hous-hoM utensills; for Sacramento. Apply I.J
Market St.. from 2 to 3 p. m.
IRONERS or girls to learn Ironing at St.
Nicholas Laundry. 17th and Folsom sta.
LADY partner with $200 In good paying offlce-
buslness. Address box 46SS, Call.
WANTED— Vest finishers, buttonhole makers
and apprentices. SC9 Kearny st,. room 2.
TAILORES-'S wanted to work on custom pant 3.
423 O'Farrell st
WANTED— Hands on waists. FRANCIS. 733
Sutter st.
GIRL nurse for baby: wagea by week; call
Monday morning. 330 Oak st.
WANTED— A flrst-class waist finisher; also
apprentice. 4C£ Sutter at., room 33.
GOOD home for young girl or woman to assist
In housework; wages moderate. Sl2 Sanehes.
SPECIAL! SPECIAL! SPECIAL!
To all entering our school before May 1 a
yearly subscription to our beautiful monthly
fashion Journal, high class arrd up to date;
Fee our imported patterns; sewing room grow-
ing In favor; open to all: patterns cut 25c up.
McDowell, ic3 Post2_ :
AN experienced girl to operate a body lroner;
must know how to do starch work; none but
flrst-clasa need apply; wages 410 per week.
Apply box 334. Vallejo. Cal.
WANTED— Experienced cape operators. Apply
MEYER BROS.. 7 and 9 Battery st.
WANTED— Experienced fln'shera on ladies'
Jackets. MEYER BROS.. 7 and 9 Battery st.
WANTED— A girl to work In bakery. 333
Third »t.
WANTED— Lady to talk on female remedy in a
doctor's offlce. Box 3469. Call.
COMPETENT woman to manage offlce; must
be over 20. Box 3470, Call offlce.
GIRLS WANTED
To work on shirts: beginners taught. LEVI
STRAUSS & CO.. 364 Fremont st. ; elevator.
EXPERIENCED operators on «Uk -.-.-il3ts.
HOFFMAN & STEINHART. 230 Sutter St..
third floor.; take elevator.
WANTED— Young *lrl to do light housework:
wages from ts to $10. 9 Lotta s:.. near Stan-
yan. efT Parnassus aye.
A GOOD home and pay for an old lady or youns
girl to assist In light housekeeping. 511 A,
Castro at.
WANTED— Woman or young girl a few hours
dally to assist. ISO 7 Polk st.
TWO cooks for restaurant; 4 waitresses; 3
housekeepers KS I st.. Sacramento. Cai.
APPRENTICES for tailoring: paid whllo
learning. BELASCO & HARRIS CO.. 541
Market st
A BRANCH offlce for the receotlon or adver-
* tlsements and subscriptions has been optaetl
at 1223 Polk st. Open till 9 j>. a.
THE SA2* FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 15, 1900.
32lIELP WAXTED- FEMAXE.
LADIES —ar.ted— To learn barber trafle: only
requires 6 to S weeks to complete; day and
• verging cl.fs; Illustrated catalogue and map
cf city mailed free; hair_ref«_in_ taught In 4
¦we»k*. HOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. (35
Clay et
TEW young l__',e B to Join n'.ght school: low
rate?. Ayryg' Business College. 723 Market
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch efflce. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
fubscriptlocs has been established at ICS6 Va-
lencia it.
HELP WASTED— MALE.
A— MURRAY £l READY Phone Main CS4S
Le-J'.r.g Err.ploymcr.t and Labor Agents.
Want at 7 a. n». Monday. 4K2 men
6 tl_cks=r_ith? arid helpers, shops, ranches.
ttc, city and country
J2 60 -ay. $4.'.. $40. 830 and found
Oarriaße trimmer. $50: band sawyer. $4 dayj
:4 rr.lnei>. yinjr'.t-hand workers $<¦>
24 laborers for a mine, fare II 10, S4S. $50 _ fd
II laborer* ror a tllver mine.SS3 to $25 and {<i.
No experience required of laborers for mines.
6 stablemen, city ar.d country Jobs
f?.O, J4Q, £_• and found
IC tnea or stnwt boys to pull rhubarb, pick
leas, etc f-re £0 rents $17 50 and found
r? farm. orrh:inl. vineyard hands for all parts
nr California 12*. £* £« » n^ J°un.l
tS milkers, different j;l_cei= .$3O. Z2h and found
Gardeners. o-_rhman end ohoreman
1* men or boy* to do i-horcs..?:o, Sli, $10 & fd.
£9 teamsters and laborer*-, city j' bs.s3o & td.
IS laborer*, fare Cfc. you'll fu'.t J!C and fd.
?4 h'snitirn and laborers for San Mateo and
Alarr.roa counties Sl*.. J?7 iv and found
SSS Uerrakers ana woodi-hopperr. $3. $2 50. $2.
II ::. V. ft, Jl. 70e cord. I2c and 13c each,
s^me _t mines
TO Bcaper teamsters $2? ar.d '.A.. $175 day
C__c f.JFerman; carrlac*' wood— orker. $3 day.
MURRAY _ HEADY. CI4-C36 Clay et.
/-NO c_p*r>.-.re required on this Job and....
WE PAT YOUR FARE.
ii laborer* tut the n-.ilis. woods and yards of
&. lfcrge company; fl€ and found.
MURRAY _ READY. 634-C3S Clay st.
A— PITCHER and <lr:ve wapon. cnuntry: II
cooks, city ar.d country hotels, restaurants,
bmrdinp-hcuses and randies, $:o. $40. $3.".. $3i
h'econd cook, mining hotel $25 and found
II trait— ra, flltfertru country hotels. S'j and
j;o ond found; second baker, helpers, etc.
MURRAY & READY. C34-C6 Clay st.
AT C. R. HANFEX _ CO/5....1P4 GEARY ?"T
V.'cr.ted Monday momir.g. at 7:35. with blan-
kets rc-ady to start on train for the Coast
K<xul. free fare:
b:^r.e masons $3 50 a day
rrason?' helpers «.$2 to £2 25 a day
rock laborers $2 a day
lear—sters * ! a <- ay
FREE PARE FHEE FARE
MISCELLANEOUS
tt labcreri! for th" woods. tIS and board: 10
rr.irf-rs and machine men. $2 M and $3 a day:
} rmri<-h b'.arksmitha. CS. $40 and $43; b'.ack-
rrr.lth'- helper. R. R. camp, free fare; wheel-
» tight. $3£; dairyman. $*>; C milkers. $_S and
KO: 19 farmer*, t2u and KB; 50 wr>o(Jchop»»er-.-
HOTEL. DEPARTMENT
Head cor*., country hotel, $*S; eecond cook.
rrrir-.rp hctel. Hit to $60: second cook for
mountain revert. $60 ; second cock, Hawaiian
iFlanis JT.O; second cook, country. $40: pastry
baker, hotel, fSr.; 10 kitchen hands and dlsh-
wisherf, $:0. $25 and JSO
I housen-.en. ccuntry hotels, $C 0; porter for
¦urr.mer resort, tt: * bellboys. $10, $12 and $13
V.'aiter and wire, country hotel, $S5: 2 wait-
em cour.tr>' hote>. I— and $30. C. R. HA.V-
EEX _.- CO.. 104 Geary st.
A— S JAPANESE cocks for ealoon. country, $7
a week: Jar>ane<se waiter for R. R. camp, $20.
C. R. HANSEN _ CO.. 104 Geary
BARBERS' Pronretjive Ur.l^n— Free- employ-"
rr.tr.t. H. lierr.ard. Sec. IC4 7th; tel Jessie IC2.
IVANTKL*— -A first-class Portuguese singer.
PETEB BACIGALCPI. E-ison Phonograph
Agency* fC3 Market st.
\YANTEl>— Experienced man to run Sullivan
fliarao rtd dr:li; rr.wt have reference. 1302
i.'lavs Is building.
MANAGER fr district agency. $75 per month;
a!«r> local agents. U Crocker building.
AN for desirable young man to ren-
_ r e*r\ ires in payment for business educa-
tion. Cai-.rr.rr.ia Business College, 303 Larkln.
CITY saWman who can command trade can
f.ntl jro<vi opportunity in wholesale cigar
hou*e. Box 31J1. Call.
WANTED- Ftmr.r b^y ab^ut IC to learn a
trade. MS California rt.. near Kearny.
BOLICITOR ror criming cfSce. 420 Montgom-
ery t=t.. r.om 23.
TOtST-CLASS butcher wanted; h!rh wages to
an Al Iran. Phori at 127 Peccnd st.
V.' ANTED Ftmr.g boy for coal yari and drive
exiM—Mi —agon. 4cs Twenty-«l__i ¦_,
UANTEI> — A young man or youngr woman
with experience in pe'llng crockery and
houFehoM ut-T.silF; for Sacram?nto. Apply 123
J.tprket St.. from 2 to 3 p. m.
WANTED — V.'aiter or waitress; $7 week. Hi
JCn«--t ft.
WAISTED — Bey with pome experience to work
in a dental laboratory. Call Monday morn-
ing. bet. 7 ani «:30 o'clock. 7728 Folsom rt.
EOT war.te^: etrcrjr. active. DENNISTON'S
l'iatlT;? Wcrks. C 2 Mission st.
%VANTEI>— Plumber's helper; Ftr^rß. reliable
and lively. Arrly to-day at 1244
Valencia et., near Twenty-fourth.
Vt'AlTEß— Yciznc man: IS per week. Capital
Restaurant, 206 McAllister et.
WANTED— Salesman: furnishing- roods depart-
ment. S. N. WOO!) _ CO.. 718 Market et.
KLDEUL.Y mar., handy with wo<-xl workers*
tools: steady work. Address box 4CS3. Call.
WANTEn — A bread baker, to work on the (Jay
rhirt. S2S Third st.
WANTED— A rood cook who understands how
to run a board ing-hnu^e kitchen fairly, on
shares. Inquire 554 Broadway, Oakland, rm. 3.
V.'AXTEI' — Thorough practical Nome placer
miner, to Instruct a clar«. Nome School of
Minis*:. Central Park; call to-day.
WANTED— Boy to 'earn bouse painting; one
vith some exr^rience preferred. Address K.
P.. Ixx 2<r*. Call office.
VTANTRD — A tiiisrsiith. Apply at 122 Mission
street.
WANTED— Recruit* for tbe United fitates
Marine Corps, U. S. navy; able-bodied, un-
married n;<n, rA gr>od character, between the
e_re« of 11 and ZZ years: not lens than v feet
4 inch*-? and not over 6 fet-t 1 Inch In helpht;
rr.uft be cittr.ens r>f the United States or per-
tctis who hers) legally declared their Inten-
tions to become citizens; able to read, write
nn-1 rpeak Enp'ish properly. For further in-
formation apply at the Marine Recruiting
Office, 40 IZVAr «t.. Fan Francisco, Cal.. or
MO X 5t . Sacr_mer.to. Cal.
COVEI-VMENT p.fitior.y; where they are!
how obtalwpd. ralarion rain: particulars free.
write for circular 115. National Correspcnd-
er.rr- Institute, ¦VVafhlr.pton. I). C.
BATHER: Immediately; for country, and <me
for city: jrood wages; steady. J. J. HEINZ,
C3«i Market «.
ENGINEERS, firemen, machinists and elec-
tric. ar.?: Fend If'c for new 40-page pamphlet,
rcntalr.'.r.g list of question* asked by examin-
ing beard cf e_cln»er«. GEO A. JiELLER.
TW,k«"ller. Ft. Ixsuis. Mo.; mention San
Francleco Call.
Ui:N war-ted to learn barber trade: onlr re-
quire* *:x tn eight weeks; <lay and evening
<;;— '; Fi*-r\a\ Inducements th'r season; only
sr.Ftttuti>T. In the wr^rld teaching this trade;
mr.it of city ard !l>ustrat»*<i catalogue mailed
fre-. MOLE-trS BARBER COLLEGE. €35
Cay et.
WANTED— Men to leern barber trade: only 2
months required: flm-clas* instruction. For
riErticulars addrc-ss Gordon Barter Co'ltc*,
41T N. Main Ft.. Lcs Angeles. Cat.
rrA2rtED— Laborers: and mechanics in knn—
thst Kd Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, rtlil
rur.s IVr.vcr House, 217'Thlrd ft.: Vrt !ar_e
rcsms; _> per n!_nt; $1 to $2 p?r week^
THREE waiter*, steady work; li mfllrcen; 23
lumber pflbcrs; S ranch hands. _C I tt., Sacra-
rrn-nto. Cal.
i;:>!li:i.MAN warted. Apply S. N. WOOD _
CO.. TH Market rt.
V.'ANTEI">--He!ricr <>n trj-!: ar.d wa^cn work.'
Apply rt f~-^Z~- r.rannan i«r.
HAS or lxvy to vi Janitor work for his tuition j
'.n ri:!»r «iirl. 7«1 Howard ft.
WANTED— Vert ::nifher». }iut">nhoie makers
end apprentices. r^S Koarny H.. room _
ALI> «!:<"« ir.en'F *!ioe». EUsfetlr damaged, half
[trice HO Utmlon *t.. bet. jrt und 24 sts.
Cr.r.TS hand* and to «ro nnrth for the
nnxneer at ITKHMAN'S. :? Btenart *t.
Oi;T your -.h.** hnlf-t--)le.1 while waiting; i*c I
to .W. r.C2 MlFßlon Ft., hft. Irt ani 2.1 •:>. j
DOT. 14 to li: male himself renerally useful
in fartnrr. 7?J SSarkrt »t.. room SS. !
fl!:.VTl.':iir.\'S t*rlt« to rrder. $1 per week, at
cash j.r:cf«. N. V Tailoring: Co., 115 Kearny.
r enpicns^W i:o. d. Campbell, lawyer; ie
years' practice: Examiner bMs.
WINCHESTER Hctel. «4 Third rt.. near Mar-
l-ft. 700 rwrni. Z lc nisht: reading room; free
'f v* and bajreafe to exd from the ferry.
LINDKLI* Hcu«e. enrne- Sixth and Howard—
Rooms. JSc to ZJc per nlrht: 7^? tr> J2 per week.
CLASSIFIED aflvertlscTmfrts en<l subscriptions
receive j at Call branch c/fice. £S» Flllmore st.
HORSES. LIVi: STOCK. liee — I'or Sole
F*)lt sale— A perfect road or rsrrlape team of
C-MJ&C-j <l_:'k bays; ovr-r XV« handa lifgh;
well iratchrrl. r.eli bred and very Btylinh; no
finer, liandw.mer r>r Fafer team can tie found
in Caltfcrnla. C_n be seen at the cor. 2Cth
*ye. and [tote* Lobo» road <Caf«idy'«), or ad-
rtress ST. FORD THOMAS. 227 Market St..
Kan Fran^i«-o.
DO HEAD fine draft and driving horses at 1621
•nd ICS Market St.. bet. Twelfth and Brady;
sUes berne _ne suite-ed black teams.
HORSES, LIVE STOCK. Etc— For Sal*
HORSES HORSES ...HORSES.
Will sell la carload lots; F. O. 8.. B. F.:
good serviceable young horsee; weight 900 to
1460 It*.; owing to dry season will sell In
carlots for $_ each. Address box 231, Ve_-
tora. Cal.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market
527 Sixth st; auction sales every Wednesday.
BULLJVAJs' _ DOYLE. Auctioneers.
ANOTHER big horse sale; special announce-
ment later. Occidental Horse Exchange, 731
Howard etr»et W. G. LAYNO, Auctioneer.
FINE horse and laundry wagon for sale. In-
quire 1643 Lombard st
FOR eale— Fine doctor's team; « and 7 years
old. DALZIEL. vet dent. 605 Golden Gate ay.
HORSE, wagon and har_e__ for sale. 907 Point
Lobos aye.
FINE stock of all clarses of horses at Swltzer's
Horse Market. Twelfth and Market sts. '
BOUSES — LOIJUINU — FOR SALE.
IS-ROOM house near the Call offlce; fine paying
house; clears $100 per month; price $550.
DECKER. 1020 Market rt.
26-ROOM hous<* on Market st. : clears $100;
price $700. DECKER. IC2O Market st
A — 44-ROOM corner; electric elevator $3900
30 rooms; restaurant and bar: In Stockton 750
20-room corner: 2 entrances; half cash.... 2240
8-room fiat: new; elegant 560
It rooms; on one floor; near Call office.... 650
37 rooms; on Howard st; only $300 cash.. 400
2S rocms; on Market Ft.; worth $1200 d'H)
10 room*: on Mason Et.: payments 450
30 rooms : on Kearny st. ; grand bargain.. 2000
36 rocrr.s: on Market st; payments 1800
TELEPHONE JOHN 61.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St.. opp. Fifth.
r7~H~ W IN STON~ft~cb
1C:« Market St
20 rooms VM ', it rooms $700
40 rooms $560 I 41 rooms $425
55 room!" Jl7OO | 60 rooms $2000
| MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market nr. Call bldg.
Lodging houses, all parts of city.
1 4of 7 r. : Bof 9 r.; Bof 10 r.: 7of 12 r.:
Scf 14 r. ; 6of IS r. ; 7of 21 r. : Bof X r. :
! 4of S r. : Bof 36 r.: 4of 40 r. ; 6of 60 r.;
I And many more. Please call for particulars.
i ft" — ELEGANTLY furnished house, * rooms.
; bath, laundry: nice yard ; permanent roomers:
I profitable Investment : 4 blocks from Market
I Bt; new and clean. 427 Golden Gate aye.
! 9 ROOMS, elegant furniture, velvet carpets:
; rent only $35: oo*t $!200; price $700: no dealers
] or agents. Apply basement C2O Jones et.
i $mn — SUNNY corner: 16 rooms on one floor; rent
i $32; all rented. Box 4657. Can offlce. ¦_
I GOOD tenant wanted for lodging-house on
I Thlrd-st. corner. near Market: 30 tunny
rooms: brick building; fine location. Inquire
WM. HHNnRICKSON & CO.. 614 Call bldg.
| FOR sale — Rooming house: 322 Jeecle st. ; ac-
i count death; no reasonable offer refused.
; 8-ROOM houre; nicely furnished: always filled;
rent $16; cntl.: reas.: no agts. Box 3097. Call.
BARGAIN: good raying 14-roora house; steady
mmers. tO9 Post St.. 11 to 4.
HOUSES — LODGING To L«t.
I HOUSE: 7 large eunny rooms; large yard, cel-
lar: hot and cold water: rent JIS. 717 Te-
hama St.. between Eighth and Ninth.
I IVY aye.. £15. off Octavia, near Hayes — 5
I rooms: free rent for repairs necessary. Ap-
i ply MADISON & BURKE.
! "—————————————————¦——————¦———*——»—»
HOUSES TO LET. j
! A— PRINTED list: houses to let; send for cir-
cular. O. H. UMBSEN _; CO.. 14 Montgomery.
I A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market Bt.
I 2*U Howard, 9 r..527 50 2111 Hyde. 11 r...527 50
! 13.17 Howard. 6 r. 25 «h&36 Lyon. S r 27 50
LEAVENWORTH. sf«. near O'Farrell— A 2-
¦tory house; 6 rooms, alcove and bath: rent
reduced; key at fruit store. Apply to C. S.
CAPP _ CO.. Real Estate Agents, 630 Market.
TO rent— For the summer; complete furntihed
bouse of 7 . rooms, bath, fine garden, pure
epring water, beautiful scenery; with or
without use of barn, horses and vehicles; 3
miles from St. Helena; Vi mile from station.
For parttcularn address HENRY LANGE.
Grand Hotel, St. Helena, Cal.: also cottage
of 4 rooms: furnished or unfurnished.
HOUSE 6 room*, bath, large basement, stable.
Apply 45 Prosper st., near 16th and Market.
A HOUSE: 6 rooms; In rear; rent very reason-
able. Apply tea Ellis «t. ,
$B— HOUSE to let In rear of 225 Ninth st.
noiSES~TO LET — FCRXISHED.
I COMPLETELY and elegantly furnished mod- i
i crn house on Pacific avenue, between . Bu-
chanan and Webster; 11 rooms and servants'
• i—om: 7 bedrooms: run In every room: every-
thing in perfect order; stable on rear street;
will rent for 6 months or a terra of years.
J. H. GILMORE. 823 Montgomery st
MODERN house. 9 rooms and bath; com-
pletely and artistically furnished; rent no
consideration to responsible party. Address
box 34£6. Call office^
COMFORTABLY furnished, sunny 6-room fiat
for the summer months; Jackson et.. vicinity
Jonee. Box 46?;. Call offlce. .
COTTAGE— Complete for housekeeping: garden,
yard. 3914 Twenty-third st.. near Sanchez.
TO rent— Modren house, furnished. 1410 Eighth
St.. Center-Bt. station. Oakland.
THE Bungalow. Menlo Park; 7 rooms and
bath: elegantly furnished.
~~ LOST AKl> KOUN'D.
_/-)«T_O n Howard St.. near Seventeenth, or
Twelfth, bet. Howard and Folsnm. lady's gold
watch, engraved "B. W." Return to 1424 San
Bruno aye. and receive reward.
i LOST— Sunday evening, April 8. fur collarette
In going from 11th rt. to the corner of Polk
and Eddy; reward. Return to $2 Eleventh.
GREYHOUND bitch; brlndle and white neck.
114S Folsom St.; liberal reward.
LOST— In Oakland Thursday evening. April 12.
lady*» gold watch: Initials N. J. C. on cover.
Return to U22 Harmon st, Lorln; reward.
i STRAYED to premises 608 Stanyan Ft. fox-
[ terrier: collared and tagged. Owner can have
j by describing property and paying expenses.
! LOST— A puree containing money and picture,
also glove, at 423 Dupont et. Return r.nd no
questions asked. Reward.
LOST— Brown pointer dog. Finder return to
Fuller's drugstore and get reward.
CAME to premises: greyhound dog; owner pay
exp*nfep. 379 Church ft.
MEDICAL.
DUS. GOODWIN, the well-known lalTes' '"physl-
cian. formerly of 401 Van Ness, returned from
Europe with advan.ced knowledge; guaranteed
treatment $5; safe and reliable cure in one
day: la years' successful practice in S. X. ;
rr.aternity home; low fee*. 1007H Market st.
DR. O W*. O'DONNELL. the world-renowned
ladles' specialist: safe and reliable; ha« prac-
ticed in S. F. for years; treated thousands of
raff! Fucre*«fully; treatment can be used at
home; consultation free; success guaranteed.
Write or call ot 1023H Market st.
DR. NG TOY KEE. late of Canton. China, tea
and herb sanitarium. 704 Sacramento Bt. cor-
ner of Kearny; all diseases and ailments
cured exclusively by Chinese herbs and teas;
advice free; office hours, 10 a. m. to 12 m..
2. t0 sp. m. and 7to9p. m.
MRS. DTI! KOHU ladies' specialist— Ouar-
anteej treatment at offlce, jj ; gafe and re-
liable: consultation free. 1121 Market st. brt.
i Mason anil Taylor: hour* 9a. m. to sp. m.
MRS. DR. WTETH. reliable «vec!at!st: home
In confinement: guaranteed treatment at of-
fice. $5: any ailment: consultation free; con- ,
fldenti-l. 942 Pert M.. bet. Hyde and Larkln.
MRP. I>R. ALLEN. 103S Market, la.lles' sp«c:_l- I
Ist; guaranteed treatment at offlce. y, : ra fe
and reliable; consultation free; hour* 10 to 8.
DR. an<l MRS. PA VIES. 122S Marlcet: ladles'
physician; chronic diseafs treat»<l: late scien-
tific meth'vi;": cure guaranteed: treatment, ti.
DR. JAMES PIKHCE. 1«4 Turk st. the eminent
female specialist: heme or offlce treatment $3.
VI-VI— DR. WISE _ CO.. ladles' FrteHallrtß.
111S Market: every case guaranteed: $3 up.
MUS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Elehth t-t.. A~iameda^
Female specialist: home in confinement.
DR. JAMES PIERCE. 104 Turk St.. the eminent
ff-male specialist: home or office treatment $3.
DR. and MKS. M. WEGKXKR— Private home
in confinement. 1312 OolJen Gate aye.
DIl. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dls-
eap<>* of the human body. 115 Mason st
MEDICATED UATIIS.
£X 0 FORFEITED to sufferers from rheuma-
titm. ecz'-ma, dropyy or any blood or skin
dl!>ea*e which Anldrorls medicated baths will
net cure; call or send for booklet. DR.
CON A NT. 47 Po*t »t
" MJSCKI.LA M-JOL'S — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH _ WOLPMAN. 195-W Fremont at
BARS, back bars, mlrrers, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures; new and second
hind J. NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission
rt., above Sixth.
$15— LEAVING city: must sell Monday; fine
household sewing machine, 7 drawers, latest
Btyte, attachments complete. 1807 Powell st.
BEAUTIFUL j>alr cluster diamond and tur-
uuoise earscrews for $33; originally cost **).
UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
ASK for th« $2S diamond ring; It U worth $50.
UNCL- HARRIS, _ Grant aye.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE '
COMPLETE prospectors' mining outfit for
Alaska; $100; see this or write for list of
articles. A. BRANDE3. 707 Brush. Oakland.
LOOK at this— For sale; beautiful solid gold
watch. $45; coat $100. 14 Fifth st
BARGAIN— Soda water machine; 2 fountains
and generator; never used. 117 Hyde st '
FOR sale— Fox terrier pups. 215H Tehama St.,
upstairs.
ONE second-hand metal turning lathe, planer,
drill attached; also second-hand No. 2 Hooker
steam pump. Emery gear; also pipe fittings;
1 automobile, nearly completed; 1 second-hand
227-lb Peter Wright anvil; one 7-horsepower
gas engine. t42 Howard st. .
12 HP. double cylinder marine engine; sraso-
Une; almost new. WHITE. 864 14th. Oakland.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machlneiy. en-
gines boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 216 Bpear st.
A— s3 60 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 830 Kearny st. nr. Pine.
CASH registers, second-hand, bought and sold;
National and Hallwood. 1309 Mission, nr. 9th.
FOR sale— 2o-borsepower horizontal slide valve
engine. Inquire Ruts House.
FULL dress. Tuxedo, other suits. Portland Loan
Office, 25 Stockton: phone Black 1201: postal.
HIGH-ARM Finger newlng machine: good con-
dition; complete: cheap. 1915 Mission, nr. 13th.
A FINE suit. $10; dress pants, $2 75. Misfit
Clothing parlors. 437 Montgomery st.
A COMPLETE outfit of 2d-hand sausaee ma-
chinery. Mclntosh A Wolpman. 1»5 Fremont.
PORTABLE engines, boilers; Iron and wood
planers; lathes: 2d-hand. J. Burke. 133 Beale.
A NEW Standard Typewriter; latest model;
cheap. Typewriter Exchange. 409 California.
NEW and second-hand slot machines bought
and sold. W. C. BENTHAM. 1832 Market st.
AUTOMATIC sewing machine; oak woodwork;
latest attachment*: cheap. 145 Sixth «t.
A 10-TON Fairbanks ecale and flre and burg-
lar-proof safe. 216 California St.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento at.
SECOND-HAND fireproof safe: 1 flre and burg-
lar-proof safe; cheap. 42 Main »t.
EAFES, new and second-hand, all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market St.. San Fran.
ONE 4-Fided sticker: 1 planer and matcher: 1
air compressor: 5 locomotives. 220 Fremont
EDISON concert phonograph, price reduced to
$100; concert record*. $2 80. BACIGALUPI.
933 Market St.. San Francisco.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In th»
I'nite<l Ftwtew.- po»tr>al<V for $1 per year.
MISCELLA.\KOI'S WAVTS.
BY a traveling saleslady— A first-class article
to sell throughout the State; best reference.
Box 3453. Call offlce.
WILL exchange a new beautiful wax figure for
ladles' Epring hats. Box 4656, Call office.
WANTED— Any quantity male and female
canaries. 411 Kearny ft.
WANTED— Second-hand upright piano for
cash. H. L. WHITEHEAD. 1710 Market >t
MOA-V TO LOA.N.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
recond mortgages, estates in probate, interest
in estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages; confidential; advice free. G. E.
OLSEN. room 16, first floor. Chronicle bldg.
ANY amount at 6 per cent: Ist, 2d and id mort-
frares, undivided Interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
HIGHLY rer.pnetable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 846 Market
Bt.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
ON real estate. Ist or 2nd mortgages, and on
furniture or pianos; no removal: any amount:
lowest rates. BECKER & CO.. 26 Montgomery.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal: low rates: confidential.
BONELLI. Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell st.
AT 128 Kearny rt., room 9. respectable private
place to borrow on watches, diamonds; lowest
rates; take ele%ator. Tel. Davis 993.
ON furniture and pianos without removal: quick
tervlce; money direct: lowest Interest. Rooms
KS and 69. Donohoe building. 1170 Market st.
j LOANS made on furniture at 1H per cent; also
: loans to salaried people. HARSHBARGER.
8?2 Ellis St. room 34.
MONEY loaned: unsecured note of any man of
good character. Prescott & Co.. Phoenix. Ariz.
TO salaried people: without security; all busi-
ness confidential. Toualey Co.. 321 Parrott bldg.
PRIVATE party, on furniture and pianos; 2%;
no removal: no commission. 6 Eddy st, r. 81.
ANY amount at 2 per cent on furniture and
Other collateral. P. McRAE. 743 Mission rt.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL. rm. 44. Merchants' Exehge.. 431 Calif.
AUSTIN'S Salary Loan Co.. 3C6 Parrott build-
ing— Men can secure loans on personal note.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
lndorser. MORRELL. COO Examiner building.
$50 TO $50,000: lowest rates: Ist and 2d mortgs.:
any proposition. DRYDEN. 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no
commission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister.
IF your property Is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY. 630 Market st
TO salaried men. without collateral or indorser;
other propositions : private rooms. San Fran-
cisco Discount Agency. 143 Phelan building.
~ MONEY WANTED.
$2000 LOAN at 8 per cent; 60 acres Improved
ranch; nice house; fruit. Box 2495. Call.
WANTED— A loan of $7500 on good security.
Address box 4£23. Call.
Mt'-ICAL I-NSTIIUMEXTS.
AS we represent the best make of pianos In
every grade, from Stelnway down to low-
priced makes, and as our installment pay-
ments are easier than those of other dealers,
we are the people from whom you should
purchase; new upright planes, $6 cash, $6 per
month: other pianos $3. $4 and $5 per month.
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. Stelnway Dealers,
cor. Kearny and Sutter sts., San Francisco;
cor. Thirteenth and Hroadway, Oakland.
A LIST OF MONET SAVERS.
Samples from factory which are out of our
regular line; such makes as Weber. Hardman.
Ccnover. Behr. Everett and Klngsbury; prices
from $150 to $200 less than regular price. Also
I slightly used pianos from $137 up; easy pay-
ments. Bee us this week If you want a snap.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON, It O'Farrell st
A LARGE number of pianos yet remain of the
Hamilton-Bancroft dock; Stelnway concert
grands, Chlckering. Hallett & Davis. Elling-
ton etc.; squares. $25 up; uprights. SK> up:
banjos, 50c up; guitars. Jl up: mandoline, $2
up. Byron Mauzy Piano Warerooms, 308-31]
Post ft., sole agent Sohmer and Uyron Mauzy
pianos.
GENUINE BARGINS. ~
Arion. good order $40
Neuman upright $)3
Genuine Dunham, fine tone ;no
Elegant Fischer upright: cost $450 $150
Beautiful Knabe for Btorage and advances;
make offer. Square pianos, $20 up. BRUENN
2i.'S Poet st.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest houa«
weft of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASES.
it. 1$ and 30 <VFarrell Bt: pianos, organ* and
nil other musical Inotrumencs of all arad**
•nd prices: ttrms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing pofsibla dune to please and satisfy tb>
customer.
KNAltt: pianos; new scale; nevr styles. KOH-
I.ER A i-HAPF.. JO O'Farrell rt.
WE know that we give the beat goods for the
least money; call on us and nee our Decker.
Packard or Lioothe pianos. MAUVAIS. 76j
Market st.
WE have Just what you want In the way of a
piano: pricra anJ terms to suit MAUVAIS.
•6i Market Bt.
BUT one of our beautiful Olympia self-playing
murlc boxen on Installments ir you can't spare
the «nfh. MAUVAIS. 769 Market ft.
FORCED sale of an elegant Chase Bros, piano;
beautiful uprlfiht: *c* It before purchasing:
. nelier will take square am partial payment;
balance cash or time. Room 12 Flood blilg.
THE place to buy a good Kecnml-hand piano;
$<3 up. S. F. Music Co.. 225 Sutter st.
GOOf) Fischer: great bargain Schmitz. 16 Mc-
Aillster st. next Htbernla Bank.
$75— VERY good upright piano; cost $350; for
«ale on $5 Installments, ill; Post et.
FINK Fischer A Stelnway upright: sacrificed.
KEKFFK-P. 101» Van Nenii avg.. nr. Geary st.
FINK large upright piano sold ror storage; $100
cash. WILSON'S STORAGE. 1710 Market st
A BARGAlN— Sletn way. 1125; store open Sat.
evening. Heine Piano Mfg. Co.. 136 Ellis st.
DON'T buy: rent a new piano. $3 per month
SCOTT-CURTA7 PIANO CO.. 660 Hayes st.
W. G. BADGER. 412 Sacramento at. agent for
Francis Bacon and Hullett it- I»avH pianos.
OOOM upright piano: nearly new; cheap.
HORMTNO'P. 216 McAllister . >t
6UPERIOK violins, cithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 1 Latham place.
CHEAPEBT and beet in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages,, sent to .any address In the
United States or Canada one ¦ year . for $1.
postage paid. . .
OFFICES AXD STORES — TO LET.
VALENCIA. 993. near Twenty-flrst— Largo ele-
gant store; rear rooms; large basement
STORE to let— Fifth st., near Folsom. Inquire
at -2 Fifth st
FOR rent— Elegant offlces In Y. 11. C A.
building. Mason and Ellis sts.
PALMISTItY. .
MME. Neergaard. Pres. St. Germain College ot
Palmistry; reads 1 to 8. 61( Geary, nr. Jones.
GO to Watson; "only" natural palmist and oc-
. cult medium: readings 25c. ISSI Market st.
~ PERSONALS.
A PHYSICIAN, 36 years old: good character,
with some money, wants to make the
acquaintance of an Intelligent lady who has
some money; object, business and matrl-
mony. Addrtss box 3485, Call offlce.
LONE, refined widow, 45, who needs assist-
ance financially, desires acquaintance re-
fined widower, 50; matrimony; no triflers
need apply: no agents. Box 3458, Call offlce.
AY educated, good-looking Englishman of
means wishes to form the acquaintance of a
refined, educated lady of means; object, mat-
rimony. Address Gentleman, Call offlce.
WIDOWER. <2, with means and good refer-
ences ' desires to correspond with lady who
would appreciate good husband and happy
home. Address box 4697. Call offlce.
WIDOW that has a beautiful home near
Fruitvale station: living all alone, wishes to
room and board an elderly lady; will ex-
change references. Inquire at barber shop,
near station for MRS. J. VAN ARMAN.
Uassett St., Fruitvale, Cal. '.
W M —NO. I have not; call Sunday, 2 p. m.,
at my offlce and explain. F.
MRS. MAGGIE HULL— E. C. Hare has an Im-
portant telegram for you.
HARRY BURKHART— There's a letter In this
offlce for you^
¦WILL J L. EDMUNDSON (printer) send his
addrebs to GEO. D. FISKE. Woodland. Cal.
BLUE-EYED baby clrl for adoption. MRS.
DR. FUNKE. 141« Eighth St.. Alameda.
LKDERER'S Quintonica hair tonic really beau-
tifies the hair»3".c bottle; Lederer's Koamo
Shampoo 5c package; It's great. IC3 Stockton.
NEW place to have your hair dressed stylloh;
special this week 20c: shampooing Wo; switches
made from your own hair 75c; open evenings;
Sundays from 8 a, m. to 12. 907 Market »t..
corner Sixth, parlors 112. 113.
LADIES— Your bust enlarged 6 Inches: harm-
less" $100 guarantee: proof free. LEONARD
MEDICINE CO.. Kansas City. Kans.
AMATEUR photographers— Save 60 per cent by
having your work done at Rembrandt Studio,
jt_O Market st.. cor. Stockton; kodaks, 3Vi_3%,
only 23c; no charge for blank negatives; pro-
fesslonal advice free.
LEPERER restores gray hair to its natural
color for $1 50 to $3; uses Schefflty'e Colorine.
7Cc box; the very latest hair styles only 25c.
123 Stockton -t.
THE Star Hair Remedy is the only reliable
tonic and restorer; never fails to restore gray
hair to natural color, cure dandruff, eczema.
Itching scalp, grow new hair; no grease, no
stain, not sticky or gummy. At druggists anJ
hairdressers. Add. Star Remedy Co.. S. F.
WANTED— Reliable business man that will in-
vent some capital in llthoffraphic plant Ad-
dress box 4<i»'J. Call.
PARIS Exposition— Reliable guide; French.
English. German; references. INTER-
PRETER, ! box343O ; _CaII.
LADIES troubled with wrinkles, blackheads,
coarse poree, pimples, freckles, moth patches,
Ballowness, sunken cheeks, gray, falling and
superfluous hair, will find permanent cure by
calling at MME. FISHER'S Parlors, 13
Powell st.
"HAIR Doctor's Remedy;" Kuester. special-
ist, rnamjfacuirej_j^_2i_l e £2_i_^^^
FREE— Success In life can only be obtained
through Influence: will send absolutely free a
100-page book which explains all the secrets of
hypnotism, personal magnetism and magnetic
heallne; tells how to cure diseases and bad
habits; enables you to win and hold the love
and respect of others: anybody can learn in a
few days- we guarantee success; write to-day.
Address NEW YORK INSTITUTE OF SCI-
ENCE. Department 517 H. Rochester, N. Y.
BELLE— Oudry lc not a lady; he is a photog-
rapher in Oakland.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale: also
chenille-wove rues, silk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine. In hank or chain, at lowest
ntes. GEO. MATTHEWS. 709 Fifth. Oakland.
MRS. DR. L. UURGEP. late matron of Ger-
man Hosoltal. N. V.. specialist for bladder,
kidney, rkln diseases and cancer, offlce 106
Fourth st. A testimonial: Wm. Osterhold. San
Mateo Orphan Asylum, says: I had cancer on
my left leg. I was treated by Mrs. Burger.
106 Fourth st. and certify that I was cured
In a iHort time. Wm. O*t*rhold. San Mateo.
MMB. ADA cures rheumatism, headaches, neu-
ralgia ; all pain leaves like magic from her
wonderfully gifted hands. 1343 Howard st.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY. 357 Jessie st.
DR. PARKER treats ail nervous, chronic,
throat -nd catarrhal diseases. 1027 Market st
CAST-OFF clothing, old gold and silver bough*.;
send postal. COLEMAN'B. 606 Kearny st.
AN elegant suit for $10 75 from imported or do-
mertlc remnants: L. LEMOS, 1117 Market st..
between Seventh and Eighth.
SUITS on easy Installments from Imported or
domestic remnants. One Price Tailoring Co.,
(32 Kearny st. between Sacramento and Cali-
fornia.
WANTED— OId irold for manuTg. O. NOLTE.
Jeweler. 24S O-Farrell. bet. Powell and Mason.
FINE tailoring, dyeing, cleaning and repairing:
suits made to order; fit euar. 2 EUhth st.
G. D. MORSE, photographer, 2606 Pacific aye..
between Pierce and Foott: phone Ftelner 3.T9L
STAMMERING corrected: booklet J. WHITE-
HORN. A.M.. Ph.D.. IJIS Ltnden st. Oakland.
CURLED or waved hair can be quickly ob-
tained by using Talcott's Curling Fluid; 25
rente bottle.
ELECTRIC lights in every room: Winchester
Hotel; 44 Third it, near Market: 100 rooms:
25c to $150 per night; $160 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
IF you wish full value for your cast-off cloth-
ing call on B. Cohen. 167 Third: tel. Black 4125.
LADIEK'and gents' ca»t-o(I clothtng bought and
fold. Rllverman. 984 Folsom: tel. Folsom 1191.
ALASKA fur rarment*. hoods, mitts, leather
pow'n. TT. M. H~IV~MAV. T"> Snnno— » ft.
PHYSICIANS AXD SUKGCOXS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— OffIce and residence.
1021U Mn'k'( rt.. bet. Slrth and Seventh.
PROPERTY WANTED.
WANTED to buy In West Oakland, small
house; terms same as rent. Address box 2751.
Call, Oakland.
WANTED— To buy house or cottage to be re-
moved. Box 4£?2. Call.
K_AL ESTAT_3 CITY FOR SALE.
A. M. SPECK & CO 667 MARKET ST.
OPPOSITE KEARNY ST.
$200,000— Downtown corner; modern 5-story brick
building; cost over $200,000; lot 140x133
ft; rents $15,000 yearly.
$30,000— Few blocks from Chronicle; pays 6 per
cent net; lot 51x120 ft; 2 frontgagea;
brick improvements.
$75,000— Corner: half block from Market st.
vicinity Hibernia Bank; 75 It front;
rare Investment; rents $300.
$G2.6oO— Near Market and Ist sts. ; lot 9SxS4 ft;
4-story brick building; bank mortgage
«S,CCfI.
$40,000— Near Kearny St.: good brick improve-
ments: rents $3500 annually; 33 ft. front.
$28,000— Lot 65:9x120 ft.: vicinity McAllister and
Larkln sts.; rents $210.
$14,000— Sixth st.; 75 ft. frontage; bay-window
building: rents $200.
$12,500 — Rents $l? 0; marine view; 3 new flats.
$12,500— Ninth «=t: 3S ft. front: 2 stores and
flats: rents $1020 yearly.
$10,000 — NE. cor. F«Il and Masonic aye. ; lot 2Sx
100 ft. ; elegant residence, 10 rooms,
bath: all modern conveniences; space
for a stable; make offer.
$g,ooo— 6 new flats; rents $M: lot 50x100 ft.
$7,000—6 flats near Cth and Mission; rents $960
a year; lot W)x73.
$5,500— P0w1l rt.: 3 flat«: rents $52.
j3 i ooO—South Park: house and lot 21x107:6 ft.
A. M. SPECK & CO 667 MARKET ST.
I FOrt SALE BY "
HAWKS * FKELTON. 323 Montgomery st.
110,000— Nice houße. 12 rooms; line view; cor-
ner Buena ViMft and Java Bts.; large lot;
75x105: near HalKht
$25.000— Third St.. near Howard; good building
and basement: rents $ISOO per annum.
$14.000— Geary st, near Larkln; Btore and
flats: never vacant: rents $1200 per annum.
$11.600— Geary St.. near Octavia; large lot: Im-
proved: rent low; $938 per annum: lot worth
the price: good Investment: make offer,
$25,000— L0t 137x137; Fourth st.. near Town-
send: old buildings; rents $100; good for ware-
house. . . - *
$Sooo— Modern house: Gough st. near Broad-
way; 8 rooms and larce attic and basement; til-
ing." etc.: view of bey.
$27 so— Nice home; Hartford st..' near Castro
and 20th: 6 roomvand bath: mortgage, $ISOO,
can remain; get in a home for $930 fash.
HAWKS & SKELTON, 323 Montgomery «t
BROADWAY between Jones and I^eavenworth
— I flats: lot pays 34 per cent. 1728 Hyde «t,
near Broadway. '
BARGAIN— SJ73O each: go to-diy and see those
elegant 6-room two-story ¦• houses: ¦ modern
throughout: -lots 26:8x114: sunny side Jersey
st- bet. Castro and Diamond street*. S. A.
BORN, owner and builder. 4079 2uh st
$5250— INCOME property on Golden Oate aye.,
opp. Jefferson Square; 2-story: lot 23x137;
rents $40." Address R., box 114 Call offlce.
REAL ESTATE— -CITY— FOB BAI-B.
G. H. UMBSEN _ CO.,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
14. MONTGOMERY ff_l___T.
$10,000— Rents $840 per annum; near Halght and
Market sts.; 2 substantial houses of 9
and 6 rooms; bath and basement each;
each house can b« converted Into
flats and be made to pay at least
10 per cent net on the Investment;
&OxS7:S.
$4,Boo— Rents $528 pec annum; 3 flats of 6, <
and 5 rooms and baths each; McAllis-
ter st: 25x137:6; this is a snap.
$2,2so— Rents $300 per annum; 2 flats of 8 and
4 rooms and bath each; near Mason
and Filbert st».
$3,loo— Coziest home In the Mission: elegant
new cottage of 7 rooms, bath, . base-
ment; modern In every particular;
sunny side of street; handy to several
lines of cars; Mission warm belt;
25-114; must be seen to be appreciated.
$4,ooo— Rents $492 per annum; 4 flats and lot
25x90; near Ellis and Pierce sts.
$3,soo— Rents $720 per annum; Sutter «t. ; good
location for a first-class boarding-
house; 2-story and basement house of
12 rooms, bath, laundry, store-room,
outhouse, etc.; lot 34:4^x137:6; house
- cost $11,000 to build: this la cheap.
$4,500— Neat bay-window cottage; sunny side
of Page St.; near the Park; contains
6 rooms and bath: all modern im-
provements; »!, cash If desired; lot
25x100.
$4,6so— Pacific 5t. ; sunny side; 2 houses of 6
and 7 rooms and bath each; rents $432
per annum; lot 47 feet front.
$2,3oo— Rents $32 per annum; near Mason and
Jackson sts.; front and rear cottages.
$2,000 — Neat cottage of 3 rooms; near Geary
and Flllmore sts.; bath and basement;
23x94.
$3,ooo— Rents $792 per annum: double house on
sunny side of Devisadero st., near
California, containing 7 rooms and
bath each; sold to close an estate.
$3,500 — Rents $360 per annum; Sacramento st. ;
2 flats of 6 and 5 rooms and bath
each; bay-windows, brick foundation,
etc.: 23x132.
$3,soo— Rents $4JO per annum: lodging-house
and lot 25x70; Minna street.
$2,soo— Rents $300 per annum; Second and
Howard sts.; two 2-story houses of 6
rooms each; 25x75.
New pocket map of San Francisco County. 2Sc.
Choice list of building lota in every part Of
the city at prices to suit.
Call and obtalq one of our Real Estate Rec-
ords, which contains a list of properties for
sale In all parts of the city. .
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
14 Montgomery street.
G. H. UMBSEN _ CO
14 Montgomery Street
AUCTION AUCTION
' AUCTION
AUCTION AUCTION
At our salesroom, TUESDAY. April 24, IsCO.
at 12 o'clock Noon.
Peremptory Sale.
The two following properties to bo offered
without limit or reserve:
No. 1.
809 Montgomery aye., SW. line, bet. Green-
wich and Lombard cts., 2 fiats of 5 rooms
each, rents 124 per month; street accepted;
lot. 2S:7'. 4 x63:6, Irregular.
No. 2.
1305 Powell st. W. line, bet Pacific and
Broadway sts.. store and 2 flats of 3 and 4
rooms i-ach; rents $27 per month; cement
walk; street accepted: lot. 22:6x43:10.
Executors' Sale.
The two following properties, subject lo
conlirmatlon by the court:
No. _
1727 Green st. S. line, bet. Gough and Oc-
tavia sts.. bay-window house of 7 rooms and
bath; brick foundation; cement walk; street
bltumlnlzed; rent $30 per month; lot 26:6 x
137:6.
No. 2.
13th st.. S. line, 120 it. W. of Castro st,
building lot, 40xlC3:4>fc.
To Close and Estate.
SE. Drumm and Commercial sts., 2 stores
and dwelling; rents $S5 per month; one block
from Market st. and the Ferries; lot 30x75,
with an L.
Sixteenth Street Business Property.
3010 Sixteenth st., N. line, bet Mission and
Valencia sts., store and flat of 7 rooms and
bath; rent iZ<) per month: brick foundation;
stone walk: street accepted; lot 25:6x110.
Post Street Investment
1747-1751 Post St.. S. line. bet. Buchanan
and Webster sts. 2 two-story bay-window
dwellings of 6 and 8 rooms and bath each:
rents $70 per month; street accepted; lot, 55
x 137:6.
Carl Street Cottage.
136 Carl st. N. line, bet. Stanyan and
Ehrader sts., bay-window cottage of 5 rooms
and bath; brick foundation, etc.; lot, 25x137:6.
Natoma Street Investment.
822 to 524 Natoma st., NW. line, bet. 10th and
11th sts., 3 two-story dwellings of 6 rooms
and bath each; rents $34 per month; brick
foundation, stone walks, etc. ; street bitumln-
ized; lot, 50x73.
Clementina Street Investment.
672-4-6-8 and 6»0 Clementina st, NW. cor.
Sumner. near Sth St., 5 two-story frame
dwellings of 6 rooms each; rents $70 per
month; both streets accepted; lot, 72xS0.
Executors' Saie.
The two following properties, subject to
confirmation by the court:
No. 1.
25th and Capp sts., NW. cor., residence of
11 rooms and bath, brick foundation, stone
walk, etc.; both streets bituminlzed; lot, 36x
115 to rear alley.
No. 2.
Harvard st. NE. line. bet. Woolsey and
D wight sts., lot 100x120, being lot 6 in block
IC6, University Mound Homestead.
Administrator Sale.
Subject to confirmation by the court:
8 Antonio st. N. line, oft the W, line of
Jones St., bet. Ellis and O'Farrell sts., 3-story
frame building, consisting of 3 tenements;
rents $40 per month; street accepted; lot 22
x6S:9.
Foreclosure Sale.
630 Guerrero st.. W. line. bet. ISth and 19th
sts.. bay- window cottage of 5 .rooms; brick
foundation, none walk, etc.; street bltumtn-
izrd; lot, 36x90. irregular.
For further particular apply at our offlce.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. Auctioneers.
14 Montgomery Street
McAFEE BROTHERS,
10S MONTGOMERY ST.
A FINE LOT
on Sixteenth street, near Guerrero; 65x110 feet;
reduced to $6600.
THREE FINE FLATS.
In Western Addition: new and modern; rents
$130 monthly; lot 25x125; only $12.500.
A NICE HOME.
on Hayes st, near Devisadero; 8 rooms and
bath; sunny lot: price $6000.
RENTS $5?. PRICE $3750.
Three good flats on corner lot, near Market
st.-; good buy for the money.
REAL BARGAINS IN LOTS.
$*5CO— Splendid marine view lot In Presidio
Helphts: 34:4x127:8.
$ISSO each— 4 lots on Dolores St., between
Liberty and Twenty-flrst: owner wishes to sell
at once.
$16C0— Lot on Golden Gate aye., near Central;
offer wanted.
$750 each— Two lots on California st, south,
near Seventh aye.; 25x100 each.
$C3O each — Two lots on Alvarado st, near
Sanchez; 25x114 each.
McAFEE BROTHERS.
108, Montgomery st. S. F.
$17.000— Pacific Heights: very choice marine
viovr residence lot. f 0x103:6.
Further particulars of G. H. UMBSEN &
CO.. 14 Montgomery st
A SMALL PAYMENT DOWN
AND THE BALANCE
TWENTY-TWO DOLLARS AND TWENTY
CENTS A MONTH.
¦ WITHOUT INTF.TIKST.
WITHOUT INTEREST,
Buys an elegant new 6-room 'and bath cot-
tage; It haß porcelain bath, blrdseye maple
mnntel. latent plumbing and Is built of th"
best material; street work done: gas In
street: go out to-day and look at this home;
your rent money will buy it: take Ml?slon-st
cars, transfer nt 22d St.. ride to Hoffman nve.
nnrt walk *4 block to Elizabeth St. OSCAR
H KYMAN, 14 Post Bt.
SOME BARGAINS AT $3 A MONTH.
JJ3.-U) — Lot :;xl20: 14th aye.; Sunset Helghtv.
|2<W— Lot "5x100: H block from ISth-st. cars.
J2no— Lot 2-'xlOO; 1 block from 22d-st. cam.
j3n©_Lct 25x100; 13th aye., near Point Lobos.
$300— Lot 25x70: graded and sewered, nr.
Cortland aye.
jsoo_lx>ts 25x114 Rrsrted ftnd sewered; 1
block from 2:d-st. cars.
OSCAR HEYMAN. 14 Post at.
WORKINGMEN: n good _ chance for a home;
$12 CO a month: only ft block from MiKsion st;
new 4-room and bath cottage and; lot. 23x100;
street work done. OSCAR HEYMAN. 14
Port at.
$15.500— A BARGAIN: to close an estate: SE.
corner E6:Sx72: Western Addition: improve-
ments/ 3-story corner flats and stores and 2
houses 9 rooms, bath each; rents $120 per
month; in a growing business locality: a
email outlrty would increase rents to $175. R.
McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery st.. room 3.
j4o(yv-.NICE situated corner: Mission warm
belt: handy to several lines of cars: house of
9 rooms, bath, brick foundation, etc. : 73x100.
Further particulars of G. H. UMBSEN &
CO., of 14 Montcomery st
BARGAIN— For sale, fine runny residence. H
roo.ns, bath, attic and basement: modern:
perfect order; grand view: large lot SOxm; 11
electric cam might exchange In part for
smaller house or good lot. Address D. J.
MURPHY, SOS California st. rooms SO and 31.
$3000— BIG bargain; easy terms; Just completed:
" 7 rooms; latest Improvements. Twenty-fourth
and Noe sts.' . . -'
$100— CHOICE lots, 25x120 each:- at - ihglenlde
and Ocean View. Address R.. box 114. Call. ,
REAL ESTATE— CITY— FOR SALEL.
BALDWIN _ HOWELL,
_, 10 MONTGOMERY STREET.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS RESIDENCE.
$37,600— Padflo-ave. residence: elegant modern
residence; 17 rooms. 2 baths; all arrangements
.«£? "f* 0^* 1 " nome: lot *7:(xl23:(.
$<>J»-Octavla st. near Broadway: two-story
r * sl . den , c ? or 8 rooms and bath; lot 25x137 ;«;
rents $45.
BUSINESS CORNERS AND RESIDENCE
SITES
Entire block, bounded "by Folsom st. Treat
aye.. isth and 14th sts., being offered In subdi-
visions; call at offlce and get diagram; $1200
and upward.
?«._„ A INVESTMENT.
$w;ooo— Thlrd-st corner; 137:Gx137:(; store and
flats; good Improvements; rents $250.
$45,000— Folsom-st corner; manufacturing dis-
trict; 2 frontages; rents $170: lot 100x37 :«.
AN OFFER WANTED.
$3250— Ritch St.; 5 flats; rents $42 50; lot 22xS0.
$€OCO— Rents $65; Natoma st, near Sixth; coal
yard and 4 flats above; lot 25x73.
RESIDENCE PROPERTT.
$7500 each— Facing Jefferson square on La-
guna st; special offering of several choice res-
idences; get a diagram and particulars at offlce.
$2000— Nice suburban home; 7-room cottage,
bath, high basement: large lot. 108:6x178: near
Mission road; windmill; fish pond; every fea-
ture on country home, while being convenient
to city.
$11.000— Pine Bt, near Buchanan: good mod-
ern residence; 10 rooms and bath; up-to-date
plumbing, electric lights: lot 23x137:5.
VACANT LOTS.
$5000— Van Ness aye.; corner: 32:6x105.
$2750— Twenty-fourth st. near Folsom; $7:« x
100.
A COTTAGE IN THE COUNTRY.
$3250— Mi1l Valley cottage; i rooms and bath:
partly finished attic: large lot: will trade for
city property. BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery it
ONLY A FEW LEFT.
CREAM OF PARK LOTS. <
GAS AND WATER SERVICE.
On very easy payments; choice lots In the
block recently subdivided, bounded by H and
I sts.. Eighteenth and Nineteenth ayes.; right
on the Park and the new Nlneteenth-ave. bou-
levard; most of the lots already sold :. balance
bound to sell quickly; fine investments; good
building lots: all ready: lots on official grade;
macadamized; plank sidewalks; 6 per cent In-
terest only.
SEE THE HOUSES NOW BUILDING— YOUR
OWN TERMS.
Money advanced for building purposes; elec-
tric cars pans the property; see this block at
once; go to our branch offlce to-day, cor. H st.
and Ninth aye.: price lists, etc.. there or at our
offlce. BALDWIN * HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st
ELEGANT new IH-story cottage of 7 rooms In
Excelsior Homestead, on Lisbon st. near
China aye.: part down, balance monthly pay-
ments came as rent. Particulars BALDWIN
& HOWELL. ¦
MADISON Sc BURKE. Real Estate Agents.
C 3 Market st.. crr>. Palace Hotel.
Established ISSB.
$17,000— Fulton st. bet Polk and Van Ness
aye. ; lot 60x120 to Ash aye.
$14,000— Pine st, near Hyde; 3 flats; rents
$1_; lot 34:4x137:8.
$<3Co— Capp. near ISth; rents $85; Cats all
rented; 37:6x_2:«.
$6500— Laundry: well leased; Lombard, near
Fillmore; 68:9x137:6.
$6000— Folsom et. bet Third and Fourth; 9
stores; rents $42 50; lot 40xS0.
Choice corner for flats— Webster st. and Wll-
dey aye.; 27:6x81:3: old Improvements: now pay-
Ing good Interest; $500 cash, balance easy terms.
$S«K>— McAllister st.. near Laguna; rents $57;
lot 27:6x130 to Locust aye.
$5000— Howard. near Twenty-third; large
house; rents $33; lot 27:6x122:(.
$5000— Baker st, near Sacramento: I rooms
and bath; in perfect order; 25:6-103:6.
$3500— Pearl, near Market; 8 rooms and bath;
25xS0.
$2300— Bryant rt., near Seventh: 3 cottages;
rents $20; lot 20x80.
$3100— Oak Grove aye., near Harrison st;
rents $2S; lot 25x112.
$4250— OcUvia st. near Halght; an elegant lot
for modern flats; 37:6x87:6.
$3500— Greenwich st, bet. Stockton and Pow-
ell; «ood house and lot. 25:9x100.
$2000— York nt, near Twenty-flfth: 5 rooms and
bath; lot 25x100.
$1500— Day st, near Church; cottage of five
rooms; lot 25x114.
$1300— Cortland aye.. near school hense; 23 x
100; contains 8 rooms.
MADISON _ BURKE.
626 Market st. opp. Palace Hotel.
YON RHEIN REAL ESTATE CO. (INC.).
313 CALIFORNIA ST.
IMPROVED.
38 :11V4x124— Irregular to Stevenson st; Mar-
ket, near Valencia: frame imps.; $25.000.
25x100— City Hall aye., opp. City Hall.
25:9x115:9— Union st. near Taylor: S modern
flats and rear house; rents $37: $13,500.
25x100— Folsom st. near Eighth; store, 1 flats
and rear house: rents $65; $5500.'
35x120— Sacramento Bt. near Hyde; house, J
rooms and bath; rent $33; $7000.
23xSO— Fourth Rt.. near Harrison: store and
flat; $6S00: sale urgent.
25x137:6— Grove st. near Centrat aye.,: new 3-
story bay-window flats; rents $30: $5500.
112:6x37:6x87:6— Corner Keamy and Greenwich
sts.: 10 two-story houses; rents $80; $400.
45:1%x137:6. with an L— Vallejo st, near
Mason: cottage, two flats and rear house;
rents $64: $6000.
25x90— Folsom st. near Eighth; 3 flats: rents
$46: $6000.
25xl22:S— Capp i«t.. near Twenty-third: modern
6-room house: $SSCO.
25x112:6— Octavia st.. near Vallejo; 2-story
modern residence; $5500.
45:6x68:10-Corner Bay and Midway; cottage
and flats: rents $20; $4500.
25x100— Wetster st, near Filbert; 6-room cot-
tage; $4250.
25x80— Diamond st., near Twenty- fourth; cot-
tage; rent $15; $2300.
20x60 to rear street— Salmon St., near Pacific;
$1500; 2-story house.
UNIMPROVED. . .
65x«7:6— Valencia st. near 17th: $10,000.
30x90— W. of Mission «.. S. of Army: 3 lots.
25xS5— McAllister st, near Webster: $5000.
25x100— McAllister st. near Lyon; $2250.
25x137:6— Frederick st. near Cole: $2000.
25x137:6— C01e st. near Frederick: $20*0.
25 :2xlf>0— Union st. near Pierce: $1500.
ROx7I:JO— SB. cor. Polk and Lombard sts.
260x125 — NW. cor. of .Fountain and Twenty-
flfth ata.
ANOTHER BAROAIN.
$2250— 5250 cash, balance monthly, same as
rent: owner is compelled to sell; pretty bay-
window cottage, on Eureka St.. near 19th; con-
tains 5 large rooms, porcelain bath, open
plumbing; splendid finished basement; dose to
Castro and IStb-st. car lines.
LYON A HOAO. 114 Montgomery st.
PATS OVER 14 PER CENT.
$6250— Four new flats, 1 block north of Mar-
ket st; contain 5 and 6 rooms, porcelain baths,
latest sanitary plumbing; biggest kind of a
bargain. LYON ft HOAQ. 114 Montgomery st.
BAKER-ST. RESIDENCE.
$5500— Baker-st. boulevard, near Fulton: 2-
story house: 5 extra large rooms, bath, etc.;
lot 25x121:10H.
S47sO— Park panhandle district: new house of
7 rooms, bath, etc.: sun shines In every room;
wili be nold on terms almost as easy as rent;
fine large lot: on car line: pleasantly situated:
good neighborhood; a very desirable home In
every respect; price is very low.
LYON - HOAG. 114 Montgomery st.
A BARGAIN.
$10,500— Baker at. near Fulton: large lot, 70x
96:10V_. with Improvements; rented for $75;
land alene worth the price.
LYON & HOAG. 114 Montgomery st
PAYS OVER 7 PER CENT NET. ;
$14.000— Choice corner, within 3 blocks of
Market st. and Van Ness aye.; 2-story build-
ing on corner; store and flats; the stora has
been occupied by rame tenant for years; new
building: 2 new up-to-date flats adjoining;
everything rented: large lot.
\ LTON & HOAO. 114 Montgomery st.
A— DAVID STERN & SONS. Real Estate
Agents, 11 Montgomery st.
Corner 60 rara: Taylor Bt., near Turk; make
offer: must be sold to close an estate.
$1500— Cottage on Diamond st.. near Twenty-
third; 6 rooms and bath; part - cash; easy
terms.
$1600— Elegant cottare: Sanches. near Clip-
per: S rooms and bath; easy terms.
2 choice corners In Mission can b« secured;
a bargain: must be sold to clone an estate.
$3250— Elegant home; Buchanan and Sutter.
$3500— Cheapest lot in Pacific Heights. Wash-
ington, near Central aye.; 63:6x127:8.
$5000— Reduced from $TsfO: rents $15: .1 modern
flat*; Broderick. near Fulton: 21x100..
MUST be sold this week; 11 California aye..
opprslte Powell st. 3-story bay-window
house of 7 rooms and bath: barn on rear of
lot. which runs to rear street: a snap for
some one. McEWEN BROS.. 118 Montgomery.
SANTA FE SANTA FB
The new townslte at the terminus of the
Valley and Santa Fe railroads: a limited
number of lots now selling at $100; on easy
term*: $10 cash. $3 per month.
SANTA FE- SANTA FE
- At Point Richmond.
McEWEN BROS.. 118 Montgomery st.
A— THOSE lots at $273 each, on 13th aye. and X
st: cheapest south of Park.
$C 0 each— Two lots. SCxICO; Q st and 33th
aye.: cost owner $130 each.
$200— 4 cash; for the corner of 30th and
Douglass sts.; worth double.
I. C. 3CHARFF. 20 Montgomery st.
$5730— REDUCED: 3 modern flats. 7 rooms and
bath each: rents $48: sunny side Fell St., near
Flllmore: large lot 25x137:8. Address R.. box
114. Call offlce.
SACRIFICE — New *-room. 3-story house: lot
W:9xlOO: with chicken house, etc.; suitable
-for flats: mu«t be sold; make an offer; ROCO
or less. SHADBURNE, 616 Sacramento st
REAL SSTATEV— CITY — FOR BAUO.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
CS MARKET STREET.
$17, SCO —Rests SUSS per annum; Sacramento »-.
near Polk; 48x67 ft.; 5 flats.
$13,500— Rents uses per annum; Fifteenth St..
near Howard; 60x110 ft.; * flau aad, 2
stores.
$10,000— Rents $S4O per ann__: SW. cor.: oo
Fillmore St.; 43 ft. frontaga; «tor» aad
5 flats.
$«.5CO— Bush st.. near Polk; bargain: lot T7:«x
1» ft., back to Fern aye.: douhla front-
ages; lot alone worth $S00O; ImproT*-
ments. 3 houses. 2 fiats; rents $(4.
$6. CCO— Rents $643 per annum: Fifteenth St.. nr.
Guerrero; 3 flats; lot 25x100 ft.
J3.7SO— Rents $515 per annum; Clayton St., near
Waller; 2 modern fiats; 2Sxlo« ft.
$3,300— 0n Minns, throogh to rear street; *•
room house and 3 Cats; rents $430 per
annum.
$3.ooo— Jessie st. sear Sixth; S fiat* oa lot SSz
85; rents $430 per annum.
$s,oCO— Baker st.. near Washington; key lot. C
xll2:8 ft.; 1 fiats; rents l*»i per annum.
$4.ooo— Guerrero st.. near Twentieth: 2 __v;
rents $300 per annum; lot 2SxIOO ft.
$3,800— Elizabeth st., near Castro; stores and
fiats; rents $4M fr annum.
$2.Soo— Three flats; lot 2_:(xS2; Ron Jell St.. near
Sixteenth.
$3,000— Welch st.. near Fourth: 3 flats; lot XO-
90 ft.; rents $252 per annum.
$2.ooo— Tehama St.. near Fourth; 3 cottages; lot
25x75 ft.
A BEAUTIFUL NEW HOME.
$3,250— Built to order: new house; S room- and
bath, porcelain tubs, tile mantels, gas
grates, china closets, pretty artlstla
front; Iron fence; cement walk; bitumen
street; cars pass the door; Mission warm,
belt; will make terms.
$s.loo— New, elegant modern 7-roora house,
built day's work; 2Sxlos ft.
$3, 2so— Diamond st.. near Seventeenth; ZSx-S
ft.: modern cottage 7 rooms.
$2.8C0— Lexington aye.. near Twenty-first st,;
22:6x70; 2-story house; ( rooms and bath.
$13,500— NW. cor. Pacific and Broderick. sts.; 4_c
127 :S ft.
$1,750— B W. cor*- Twenty-fifth and Castro sts. $
2SxSO ft
$I. Wo— Twenty-third st. near Vermont: coxy,
nice-appearing cottage of 5 Tooma and,
bath; lot 25x1C0 ft
OTHER PROPERTIES I>7 CHRONICLE AND
BULLETIN.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE A CO..
C 3 MARKET STREET.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE — CO..
C 23 Market Street.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
TUESDAY. APRIL J7. ISO*
At 12 o'clock, noon.
At our salesroom. <3S Market st
JONES-ST. MANSION.
Northwest corner Lombard and Jones) sts.. Now
>00 Lombard st; large elegant residence*
of 12 rooms and bath, attic basement,
laundry, etc.; finished throughout la
natural woods. Toya wood. oak. walnut.
etc; original cost $33,000; to be sold ab-
solutely to highest bidder over $3SOO
mortgage, which can remain, if desired;
73:&xSS:» feet
PACIFIC HEIGHTS RESIDENCE.
North side. No. 24C8 Washington st. near Web-
ster; large residence of 9 rooms and
bath: modern improvements; sunny sld*
street; 2Sx»2 feet
FORECLOSURE SALE.
West side. Nos. 811 and <im Broderick st. near
Grove; 3 fine well built flats of i. *. 4
rooms and bath; rents $50 per month:
terms cash above ban- Indebtedness ot
$5000; 25x100 feet
ELEGANT BRODERICK-ST. RESIDENCE.
West side. No. 1317 Brodertck st. 130 south of
California; new modern residence of *
rooms and bath; servants' room. laun-
dry, etc.; porcelain tubs; tile mantels:
every modern improvement; a fin* key
lot. giving light and sun In every room;
can arrange; terms.
NEW PARK PANHANDLE FLATS.
East side, Nos. 752-754 Clayton st. near Wal-
ler; 3 new elegant modern flats of s,
7 rooms and bath; beautiful and artlstlo
in every particular; all modern Im-
provements; porcelain tubs; tile man-
tels; frescoed dome ceilings; light and
sun in every room; let 25x108:3 feet;
rents $55 per month; terms $UOO cash,
balance Installment loan payments $34
per month.
WESTERN ADDITION BUSINESS PROP-
ERTY.
North side, Nos. 2002-2004 Union st, near Bu-
chanan St.; 2-story building containing
store and modern well-olaaned flat o£
7 rooms and bath; rents $45 per, month;
17:8x110 feet.
NEW PARK PANHANDLE RESIDENCE.
East side. No. 710 Cole' st, near Waller: »
beautiful and artistic home of 12 room*
and bath; every modern improvement:
porcelain tubs; tlla mantels; frescoed
dome ceilings, etc.; 22x95 feet
ADMINISTRATOR'S SALE.
Estate of Lorenzo Dresco, deceased.
Northeast corner Lyon st. and Golden Gat*
aye.. - Nos. KQ to SOS A Lyon st. and
Nos. 13*4-1354 Golden Oate aye.: 13 sunny
modern flats; rents $166 SO per month;
all modern Improvements; this fine in-
vestment must be sold to satisfy «•'«'— «
against the estate; 4«:10xlOO feet
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
North side. Nos. 1(13-1(20 McAllister st. near
Devisadero; 2 new elegant modern fiat-
of 7 and 8 rooms and bath; 25x137:4 feet.
POINT LOBOS-AVE. FLATS.
North side. Nos. 1422-1424 Point Lnbos aye..
near Fourth aye.; 2 well-built fiats of
( and 7 rooms and bath; modern Im-
provements; rent- $34 per month; 13x120
feet
PACIFIC HEIGHTS CORNER LOT.
Southeast corner Washington and Lyon sts.: a
beautiful corner lot; level and ready for
building: In fine residence neighborhood;
31:3x100 feet*
TWENTY-BECOND-ST. BUILDING LOT.
North side Twenty-Second st.. 150:11 feet west
of Church; fine cheap lot. with good
view; close to Mission and Tw en ty-sec-
ond-st cars; 23x114 feet
Catalogues of sale or further particu-
lars at oar office.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE - CO..
(38 Market st
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
Room A, Crocker bulldi&r,
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
$550 to $800— Sunset lots: best of all; graded.
sewered: easy Installments.
$450 to $1000— Choicest Richmond lots; SKI
monthly.
$100 to $250— Level lots; near Mission-street
cars; $i monthly.
EXTRA— SPECIAL BARGAINS.
52000— 2-story building, lot 30:&x73; Brannaa
St.. bet Third and Fourth.
SSSO. WOO and $1000—4 and S room cottages la
splendid locations; easy payments.
CALL FOR MAPS AND DIAGRAMS.
SOL GETZ * BROTHER.
ROOM A. CROCKER BUTLDINO.
OPEN FOR INSPECTION.
Six room and bath house on west sld* of
Ninth aye.. between California and Clement
sts.. which you can buy for your rent money
that you are now throwing away every month
to the landlord.
Five room snd bath house on Hoffman aye .
Heyman Tract, near Twenty-fourth street elec-
tric line.
Four room and bath house on Buena Vista
street, near Mission.
JACOB HEYMAN. Owner and Builder. UT
Sutter st.
Elmhurst R. R. Station— l acre of land, suit-
able for a chicken ranch, with barn for $500;
easy terms. JACOB HEYMAN, 117 Sutter st.
Park lots for sale facing the Ocean boule-
vard. JACOB HEYMAN. 117 Sutter st.
W. H. CRIM _ CO.. US Montgomery street
Potrero Block; well located for manufac-
turing or warehouse purpoaes.
$B.ooo— Twenty-fourth st, near Bryant; four
flats. £0x104; half ca.ih.
$5.100— A bargain: Market at. near Church;
7 rocms and bath; _SxlO4.
Two nsat cottages of five rooms and batli
each: liberal terms.
Reduced to $l.M0: Twenty-fourth st, near
Church; house of eight room*: 23x102-
Harrison st. near Twenty-third: cottags ot
four rooms and bath: 30x100.
$L«oo— Corner 21st and Colllngwood; 27x73.
$I,2so— Liberty St.. near Dolores: 23x114.
$I,ooo— Cottage of seven rooms and bath:
gear- street. Ocean View: part cash.
C. C. BEMIi*. Real Kstate and General Land
Agent 324 Montgomery st
Make offer— Northeast corner Twenty-seventh
and Douglass sts.; must be sold; SOxlU feet
t ISA-North line Carl ¦_. near Stanyan: XSx
137 :> feet
HAVK you real otate In the Mission or Hor-
ner*s Addlttan that you wl»h to dUraos* of
then call on W. J. CUNN. S3fl California, st,
BFAUTIFUL Broadway lots, north siile, bet.
Btetner and Pierce si*.. Pacific Heights: se«
ouick; special price. THE MCCARTHY CO..
(4« Market at
For Additional Classified Advertise-
ments See Pago Tl_rty-_fo_x.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APEIL 15, 1900.
33
ARTICLES
jOpen.|HlKh.| Low. i Close.
Wheat No. 2—
April
May
July
September
66' i
66% 66% CS 66%
67% bl% 67H G7T4
6S',i 6SH 6SH 6SH
Corn No. 2—2 —
April '.
May
July
September
Oats No. 2—2 —
38»4
3SH 393* SSI* 3:»4
39^1 40*, 33H 40i,i
40% 41 40Vi 41
May
July
September
M»sb Pork, bt
May
July
Lard, 100 lbs-
May
July
September
Short Ribs, ICO
May
July
September
bill'"
9 lbs—
24 H 24 Vi 24 24
24 24Vi 24T4 24
23% »«4 23^4 23!4
12 90 12 95 12 SO 12 87%
12 82,4 13 15 12 52V4 IS 05
710 7 32% 710 7 27H
7IS 7 42ti! 715 735
7 25 7 60 7 23 7 45
7 22VJ 725 710 7 224
705 725 7OS 7 22%
7 12% 7 22% 7 12% 7 20
ARTICLES. Wecelpts.
Flour. barrels' ¦. 43,000
kVh<*at. bushels .., 83.000
'cm, iwheU 6J9.000
latu, bushels Z&S.ObO
tyc. bushels 1«,000
ijarley. bushels 65,000
Shlpmts.
fil.iVO
178.0 M
451.000
<39,i;>00
i"».ono
C2.C00
v a liar limp iirne umf
g. Ft. Ft. Ft. Kt.
!» L. W HW LW HW
15 ... 6:33 0.2 12:20 «.< 5:19 2.5 11:33 5.4
IS ... 6:10 0.0 1:13 4.5 6:52 2.7
H W L \V H W t, W
17 ... 0:02 5.4 6:51 —0.1 2:03 4.5 6:31 2.9
18 ... 0:35 5.4 7:33—0.2 2:56 4.6 7:11 1.1
19 ... 1:15 6.4 8:23—0.1 3:52 4.4 8:171 3.1
» ... 2:02 5.2 9:19 0.0 4:49 4.« 9:23! 3.2
!1 . . 3:04 5.01 10:19 0.2 5:41 4.8! 10:4*! 3.1
. Steamer. I Destination. I Sails. I Pier.
Sails
I Pier.
I - •-••
!
Santa RosalSan Dletro Apr. 15. 11 amPler 11
Queen IVlc & P«t Sd.lApr. 1«. lOamiPler 9
Newburg ...IGrays HarborjApr. 16, 5 pmt '...
Samoa .[Humboldt Apr. I*s. 10 am Pier 13
Aloha [Crescent City. I Apr. IS, 3pm Pier 2
Coos Bay... 'Newport 'Apr. 17. sanVPi»rll
Doric [China & Japan Apr. 17, 1 pm|PMSS
Nort* Fork Humboldt Apr. 18. »am Pier 2
Columbia .. Portland Apr. 18. Warn Pier 24
City Para.. Panama Apr. IS. 12 m PMSR
Arcata jCoos Bay Apr. 18. 12 m!Plerl3
Moana (Sydney Apr. 18, 8 pmjPler 7
Corona ISan Diesro Apr. 19. 11 amlPler 11
Pomona ....jHumboldt Apr. 19, 2pm Pter 9
Bonita INewport.-. Apr. 21, 9am Pier 11
Pt. Arena.. I Point Arena.. Apr. 21. 2pm Pier 2
Walla Wall Vie & Pgt Sd. Apr. 21. 10 am Pier 9
Jeanle Cape Nome Apr. 21,
Del Norte.. Oregon Ports. Apr. 22
Coqullle Rv Grays Harbor Apr. 23,
State of Cal Portland.. .... Apr. 23. 10amiPl«r;4
Steamer. I From. . 1 Due.
1 1
Aloha (Crescent City |Apr. 13
Columbia romand Apr. «
North Fork |Humboldt Apr. li
Coos Bay iNewport Apr. 13
Laguna iTlllamook Apr. 19
South Portland. Oyster Harbor Apr. 1!
Emptre Coos Bay Apr. IS
Nippon Maru... China and Japan Apr. IT
City of Puebla. Victoria & Puget Sound Apr. 17
Corona Sun Diego Apr. 17
Tltanla Nanalmo Apr. 17
Wellington Ovmt Harbor Apr. V
Pomona IHumboldt [Apr. 17
Mackinaw (Seattle Apr. 1*
Matteawan Tacoma Apr. IS
WarfleM lOyster Harbor Apr. 19
Willamette ISeattle Apr. 19
Bonlta Newport lApr. 1»
Del Ncrte Portland Apr. 19
Peru ..: Panama. Apr. 19
Point Arena iPolnt Arena Apr. 19
Crescent City...: Crescent City lApr. 19
Geo. TV. Elder.. IPortland lApr. 19
State of Cal IPortland lApr. 20
Samoa IHumboldt Apr. 20
Santa Rosa ISan Diego Apr. 21
Coqullle River.. Grays Harbor Apr. 21
Umatllla Victoria & Pugret Sound Apr. 22
Arcata Coos Bay Apr. 23UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
n and 23 Fifth st Tel. South 187
nJNEEAI, DIBEOTOK3 AND SMBALMSKI
Finest Equipment at Moderate Rates.
HOWARD. *29— Rooma from $1 week up to $5.
'Zc to $1 nlcht: also housekeeping romoi.
HYDE. s—Bedroom,5 — Bedroom, parlor and kitchen; nicely
furnished for housekeeping; gas and gas stove.
JESSIE. S6s— Large front double room; also
other rooms; all sunny.
LEAVENWORTH. 2003— Sunny furnished front
room and bath; $4.
LIGHT eunny rooms for 2 young men. $2 60 per
week; 2 housekeeping rooms in rear, $2 per
week: no children. 1C32 Market sf
LOCUST aye., 125, near Van Ness and McAllis-
ter St.— Front room, $1.
MARKET. 624—18 rooms, furnished; rent rea-
sonable; also 4, 6 and 9 rooms.
MARGARET place, 6, off Turk, near Market-
Nicely furnished sunny front room.
MINNA 667, corner Eighth— New furnished bay
window room. .$1 per week; transient.
MISSION. £>7A (Avoca House)— New; newly
furnished: rent reasonable. FLICK. Prop.
NATOMA. 653%— Nice front room; furnished; $5
per month.
NICE eunny front room; rent $4 SO. 450 Minna
Btreet.
OAK. 31— J connecting sunny front rooms; sink
and hot water boiler.
OCTAVIA. 102— Sunny furnished front rooms;
gas, bath, phone; suitable for gentlemen.
O'FARRELL. 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices: elevator: electric lights; day. wlc., mo.
O'FARRELL, 313— Nicely furnished double and
single rooms; terms reasonable.
ORLANDO House. SB> Howard, cor. Sixth-
Sunny rooms: prices to suit; open night
POST. 219. corner Stockton— Finest transient
rooms In city; hot and cold water; elevator
telephone.
POWELL. 121— Light clean, comfortable rms.;
rultes or alnsles: running water; gas: reaa
ROSEDALE House, til & 321 Ellis st— Rooms,
night, 25c to fl; week, $1 25 to fl; open night
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO..
(Successors to Klannagan A Calhriim
rt:N^ 1 V th DI^ ECTORS Z™ TE^l&l^ias.
tO Fifth at. oppesu. Lincoln BchooU
Telephone South SO.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
$3700— NEW modern house of 7 rooms: A No 1
in every respect; situated on Durrant aye.
near college grounds. . . '
$4500— Modern 12-room house, near the uni-
versity and cars: street work all done.
Agency for the beautiful Scenic Park, ad-
joining the university grounds on the north
up aralnst the hills; grandest of views- the
Nob Hill of Berkeley; the location of the
president's : new home; come and see our
choice building sites.
O. G. MAY & CO.. Berkeley. ;
TO lease for one r year • from the Ist of . May
next — Furnished house of 9_rooms; lot 17OxC0O-
• corner of Chapel st. and Allston. way; > refer-
ences required. For full particulars Inquire
of CHARLES C. BEMIS, real estate ¦ broker
324 Montgomery st. rJSJSgffffißgQa
NURSERY and two cottages; less than half
cosf 1530 Virginia et
$sno CASH for an elegant new and modern
house of 6 rooms, laundry and bath: furnish-
ed with sideboard, bookcase - and window
peats: open plumbing; porcelain tub ; and
marble washstand, etc. : everything up-to-
date: could hardly build the house for price
asked: CO-foot lot: the balance of $1750 can
remain on flat loan at 8 per cent; interest
payable quarterly. .' •: SB«Tjsahs»aQai
GEORGE B. M. GRAY. «4 Ninth st.
$2250— A FINE 6-room - modern . cottage. " Just'
being completed, situated on , the sunny Bide
of street, with lot 32x135; all open plumbing:
porcelain tub; handy. to cars: Investigate this
home before buying elsewhere, as it . cannot
be sutnasßed for the money. ¦
GEORGE B. M. GRAY, 454 Ninth st.
$1000 CASH, balance on bank mortgage, for a
fine home of 8 rooms, laundry and bath; mod-
ern In every detail: finest plumbing: splendid
lot with lawn, ¦ flowers, etc. : situated in one
of the most • desirable neighborhoods in the
city: party In willing to sacrifice -In order
to. make a sale; thin will" bear Investigation.
GEORGE B.M. GRAY, 454. Ninth St.;
$250— NICE lot. 40 feet: Felton st,' east of San
Pablo aye., near Golden Gate station; see It
?to-day. . ¦ ¦
the United Undertakers. 27 and 29 Fifth street,
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
HORNUNG— In Oakland. April 13. ISOO. Gustar,
beloved husband of Pauline Hornunsr. and
father of Eugene B. Hornung and Mrs. Theo.
Gier. a native of Germany, aged 73 years 2
months apd 12 days. ¦
C^Frl^nds anil acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Sunday), at 2 o'clock, at the resi-
dence cf Mr. Theo. Gier. 913 Magnolia street
Oakland. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery,
San Francisco.
JOHNSON— In this city. April 12. 1300, Bendtx
O , beloved son of C. F. and Anne Johnson,
and brother of J. C. Johnson and Mrs. A. T.
Halck. a native cf San Francisco, azed 2S
• years 10 months and 21 days.
CSTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 3 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 2526 Pine street. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery.
KAIIN— In this city. April 13, 1300. Jennette,
beloved wife of Herrman Kahn. and mother
of Julius. Berthold. Louis. Kmil. Adolph.
Charles and Rebecca Kahn. a native of Al-
dorf. Baden. Germany, aged 62 years 11
months and 13 days. (New York papers pleaja
copy.)
IC7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1428 Geary street. Interment Home of
Peace Cemetery, by train leaving Eighteenth
and Guerrero streets at 3 o'clock. Please onLt
flowers.
KENNEY— In this city. April 12. 1900. Annie,
dearly beloved wife of Michael Kenney.
and mother of Edward. Kathertne. James,
Annie. Tessie and Sister Mary Fellcitaa Ken-
ney. a native of County Roscommon. Ireland.
CT-Frtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to atten«i the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 668 Harrison street thenco to St Pat-
rick's Church for services. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
LABEL-In this city. April 14. 1900. Fannlo La-
bel, a native of Kempner, Prussia, ag*a 7«
years.
LINEHAN— In this city. April 14. 13C0. Timothy
Linehan. beloved brother of John Llnehan.
Mrs. J. White and the late- James Llnehan.
and uncle of John F.. Michael J.. Wm. 0..
James E-. Mamie F. and Juliet T. L'nehan.
a native of Wallstown, County Cork. Ire-
land, aged 70 years.
JCT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend th« funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his law resi-
dence. 703 Vienna street off Mission road,
between Five and EU mile house, tnenc*
to Et. John's Church (formerly St. Mary's
College), where a solemn requiem hltfa mass
wyi be celebrated for the repose of hia soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
McCAULEY— In this dry, April 14. 1900. »t
207 Mason street. Mrs. J. C. McCaaley. be-
loved wife, of *he lat» William J. McCanley.
a native of Scotland.
ETNotice of funeral hereafter.
McELROY— In the City and County Hospital,
April 13. 1900. Felix McElroy, a natlTa of Eng-
land, aged 64 years.
MACKIE— In this city. April 11 1900. Hamil-
ton Willis Mackle. beloved son of David Jacx-
son Mackle and Rowena Mackle. and brother
of Mrs. I>. J. Fulton, a native of Boston,
Mass.. aged 43 years 2 months and 27 days.
C?- Remains at the parlors of Charles J. B.
Metzler. 636 Washington street.
MARKS— In this city. April 13. 1300. Anala
Marks, a natlva of Pennsylvania, aged 70
years.
MEAGHER— In this city. April 14, 1300. Brid-
get, beloved wife of, the late James J.
Measher, and loving mother of James E.,
Joseph J., Mary T.. Anna O. and Daniel C.
Measher. Mrs. John J. HaJloran and Mrs. M.
J. McMenomy. a native of County Limerick.
Ireland, aced 60 years. '
ICTFriends and acquaintances ar» respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 327 Twenty-eighth street, between San-
chez and Noe. thence to St. Paul's Church,
where a solemn requiem hizh mass will b<»
celebrated for the repose of her souL com-
mencins at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
MEYER— In the City and County Hospital.
April 13, 15C0, Rose Meyer, a nattva of Ger-
many, ased 69 years.
O'BRIEN— In this city. April 14, 1900. George
Elmer O'Brien, beloved son of Joseph and
Annie O'Brien, and brother of Frank and
Raymond O'Brien, a native of Madera. aged
10 months and 11 days.
ICTNotice of funeral hereafter.
PARK— In this city, April 12. 1309. Mary Anna.
beloved wife of John B. Park, and mother
of John B. F. and Henry T. Park, a native
of Finland, aged 41 years.
CyFrienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited f> attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1:20 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 410 Third street. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
PESCIA— In this city. April 14. 1900. at his resi-
dence. 2i)06 Washineton street. Dr. Joseph
Peacia, dearly beloved husband of Reglna
Anastasia Sweeney Pescia. a native of Cornla.
Genoa, Italy, aged 45 years 6 months and 22
days.
(E7A requiem mass will be celebrated at St.
Ignatius Church to-morrow (Monday >. at 10: DO
o'clock. Funeral private. Kindly omit flow-
ers.
PETERSEN— In this city. April 14. 1900. Frank
M. Petersen. dearly beloved son of Wilhelmina
and the late Nlr-olal Petersen. brother of
Ernest and Otto Petersen. and grandson o"
Mrs. Wilhelmina Schussler. a native of San
Francisco, aged 17 years 4 months and 7 days.
PINE— In this city. April 12. 1%0. Sarah Jan;
Pine, beloved mother of Mrs. Maryette Whit-
ten. Mrs. Ida Brown. Mr 3. Sally CofTrin an>l
Mrs. Mollle Whitten. a native of Ohio, age 1
70 years.
CTFrienda and acquaintances ar» respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence
of her son-Jn-law. Z. T. Whitten. 567 Bryant
street, between Third and Fourth. Interment
I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
PINKHAM— In this city. April 14. 1300. Benja-
min Pinkham. beloved husband of Emilia
Pinkham. father of Emilie Pinkham. and
stepfather of Gustave Schmidt. Mrs. Lucy
Luhrs an! Mrs. Charles King, a native oi
Maine, aged 73 years and 27 days.
CyFrifnila and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street. be~
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
SCHENK— In this city, April 13. 1900, Edward,
husband of Nellie Schenk. and father cf
Charles A.. Edward Jr., Tessie and Frank
Schenk. a native of New Orleans, agsd W
years 5 months and 20 days.
|T~7"Friend;« and acquaintances aro respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors d
11. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street, between
Seventh and Eighth. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery-
SMALL-In this city, April 14. 1300. Charlea
H.. beloved husband of Rebecca M. Small, and
father of Harry F. Small, a native of Maine,
aged 47 years 1 month and 12 days-
|C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2:15 o'clock, from the parlor*
of Halsted & Co., 946 Mission street Inter-
ment I/O. O. F. Cemetery.
SULLIVAN— In this city. April 14. 19C0. Jennie,
beloved wife of the late Michael J. Sullivan,
loving mother of Walter and Laura Sulli-
van, and sister of Mrs. Thomas' J. Hamilton,
a native of New York City, aged 42 years.
THEISS— In Oakland. April 13. 1900. Lydla
Sophia, beloved daughter of Rev. J. H. and
A. Dorothea Thelss. a native, of Oakland,
ased 3 years 2 months and 26 days.
ICTFrtenda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Monday), at 2 o'clock, at the
German Lutheran Zlon Church, corner o£
Twelfth and Myrtle streets. Oakland. Inter-
ment Mountain View Cemetery.
VANCE— In this city. April 13. 1300. Mary, be-
loved wife of Stinson Vance, daughter of Ed-
ward and Jane Qulgley, and sister of Llnia
Qulgley, Mrs. J. Murphy and the lat« Charles.
John and Edward Quicley. a native- of Tuol-
umne County. California.
CTFrtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday). at 8:15 o-clock. from her late resi-
dence 7^ Dale place, off Golden Gat* avenue,
between Leavenworth and Hyde, thence to St.
Roxe's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul
at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
WHITE-In this city. April 12. 1300. Joseph J..
son of Su.oan M. and the late Peter White,
and brother of Henry P.. George F.. Parshall
P and Ira J. White. Mrs. W. M. Farlin and
Mr* Fred Muller. all of Montana, and Mra.
F ~Luton of San Francisco, a native of Mon-
tana, aged 32 years.
jrrFrWnd.i and acquaintances are respeot-
fullv Invite-l to attend the funeral this day
(Suf>day>. at "12:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of Hasted & Co., 944 Mission street. Inter-
ment M'wint Olivet Cemetery, by carriaaes.
WHITNEY— In Berkeley. April 13. 1300. Eliza-
beth S. Whitney, mother of H. L. Whitney
and Mra. H. D. lrwin. a native of Massachu-
setu<. aced 78 years 6 months and 1 day.
CT'Frtpnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Sunday), at 3 o'clock, at the resi-
dence of H. D. lrwin. corner of Mason and
Kllis streets. BerkeU-y. Interment private.
WHITNEY— In Alameda, Fannie E.. beloved
daughter of Mrs. M. N. Williamson, and
mother of Mrs. W. A. Searles. Mra. XV L
Hue-hsnn and Kate G.. Fannie E. and Abbot
(CTNotlce of funeral hereafter.
CARD OF THANKS.
BOYSEN-To our many friends and acquaint-
ances and especially the officers and mem-
bers of the Ncrddeutscher Veretn.HarmMy
I^Hlre No. !). A. O. 1.. W., and Beer Driv-
ers' BeneTCleni Society, who gave Z many
evidences of their heartfelt anrt tJ?,™.*^
fo^'l^ba^' and
sen. t^anki
MISS JOSIB A. BOTSE.V "children
DIED.
DERHAM— In this city. April 14. 1900. Bart C.
beloved son of the late Bartholomew and
Theresa Derham. a native of San Francisco.
E7The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Monday), at 9:15 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 2024 line street, thence to St. Mary's
Cathedral, where a requiem mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9:45 o'clock. Interment private.
Please omit flowers.
DONOVAN— In this city. April 13. 1300. Delia,
beloved wife of the late- M. M. Donovan, and
mother of Frank M.. William H.. John J.,
George M. ond Lawrence A. Donovan, a na-
tive of Ireland, aged 70 years.
CTFriends and acquaintances respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 9J30. o'clock, from the residence
of her son, George, 3355 Twenty-first street,
thence to St. James Church, corner Guer-
rero and Twenty-third streets, where a sol-
emn requiem hlsh mass will be celebrated for
the repose of her soul, commenclns at 10
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
DOVE— In this city. April 13. 19C0. John Dove,
beloved brother of William and Hector Dove
and Mrs. Martin McGowan. a native of Can-
ada, aged 4S years and 10 months.
Cy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 1 Moulton place, off Montgomery
street, between Green and Union. Interment
I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
DRISCOLL— In this city, April 14, Moo. Mary
Driscoll, slater of Daniel Driscoll, a native of
San Francisco, aged 22 years 8 months and 25
days.
ICTFtiends. and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 8 o'clock, from 923 O'Farreij
street, thence to St. Mary's Cathedral, north-
west corner of Van Ness avenue and O'Far-
rell street, where a mass will be celebrated
for the retiose of her soul, commencing at 9
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery, by
carriages.
MEMBERS of Alta Parlor No 3 Native
Daughters of the Golden West, are requested
to attend. By order of
MABEL MILLER. President
CLARA FAULTNER. Secretary.
FINCK— In this city. April 13. 1900. John Wil-
liam Finck. beloved husband of Betha Finck
father of William Finck, and brother of Mrs"
M. Moritz. Mrs. J. W. Tamm and the late
Hclene D. Rohrs. a native of Rlnisstedt-amt-
I^ehe. Hanover. Germany, aged 45 years and 8
months.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from Shlels .building.
32 O'Farrell street, where service* will be held
under the auspices of Friendship Lodge No.
179. A. O. U. W. Interment I. O. O F Ceme-
tery. Remains at the parlors of H. F Maa«3
917 Mission street, near Fifth.
FULLER— In this ctty. April 10. 1900. George
E. Fuller, beloved brother of James. Fred
and Victor Fuller, Mrs. Gus Taschner and
Mrs. Harry Parker, a native of London, Eng-
land, aged 38 years 1 month and 26 days.
C 7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from Odd Fellows'
Hall, corner Seventh and Market streets, un-
der the auspices of Apollo Lodee No. 123. I.
O. O. F. Interment Masonic Cemetery. Re-
mains at the parlors of the California Un-
dertaking Company. 405 Powell street, near
Post. .
HOLDEN— In this city. April 12. 1900. Peter
Holden. beloved son of the late James and
Catherine Holden. and brother of James
David. Cornelius and Michael Holden. a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 3$ years. ¦
JCTThe. funeral will take place this day I
(Sunday), at 9 o'clock, from the parlors or i
WILLIAM J. DINOEE.
903 Broadway, Oakland.
— LOTS FOR S P E CULATION —
— LOTS FOR SPECULATION —
—LOTS FOR SPECULATION—
— L OTSFOR SPECULATION —
NOTHING IN OAKLAND AS GOOD.
NOTHING IN OAKLAND A3 GOOD.
NOTHING IN OAKLAND AS GOOD.
NOTHING IN OAKLAND AS GOOD.
$12 B0 PER FOOT.
$14 00 PER FOOT.
$15 00 PER FOOT,
$16 00 PER FOOT.
$17 50 PER FOOT.
LOTS ANY SIZE— STREET WORK ALL
DONE.
CLOSE TO SAN PABLO- AVENUE AND
GROVE-STREET CARS.
THE CENTRAL LAND COMPANY'S TRACT.
THE CENTRAL LAND COMPANY'S TRACT.
THE CENTRAL LAND COMPANY'S TRACT.
THE CENTRAL LAND COMPANY'S TRACT.
BETWKFV GROVE AND SAN PABLO,
THIRTY-SECOND AND THIRTY-
SIXTH STREETS.
SEND FOR MAP.
WILLIAM J. DINOEE,
903 Broadway, Oakland.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
FORECLOSURE— FORCED SALE—
COMPELLED TO SELL.
SEE US IMMEDIATELY.
$200 down and the balance on flat loans; fine
homes In the choicest parts of Alameda; noth-
ing like our proposition ever offered before;
here Is a grand chance to get a home; just like
paying rent.
SEE THESE AT ONCE.
$1650— 6-room cottage and large lot, 60x150;
about to be foreclosed.
$2200— Fine cottage; 6 rooms and bath; north
side Santa Clara aye.; lot 45x145.
$1850— 6-room. 2-story house; modern Improve-
ments; on Park aye.; must be sold.
$2500— An elegant 9-room cottage; large lot:
Morton st.
$3500— A 7-room Colonial cottage; Grand st :
easy terms.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY,
A"«- ;1 - ISO ° Park Bt; » Alameda.
Office open Sundays and evenings.
$SOO— FORECLOSURE; modern 4 room and bath
cottage; sunny side of street; 3 blocks from
station and school; terms $100 cash. $10 per
month.
$1900— New modern cottage; 6 rooms and
bath; street work, cement walks, etc.. com-
plete; near 6tatlon and school; $100 cash $20
per month.
$1650 cash— To close an estate; worth $3000:
finest corner in Alameda; see this at once.
Fine modern house; 8 rooms and bath; $3000*
no money down; easy monthly payments: or
will exchange for lot; this Is a snap.
H. P. MOREAL & CO., 1432 Park St.
WANTED— A modern cottare of six rooms in
Alameda, to be well located and large lot-
must be a bargain and sold upon easy terms'
J. S. JOHNSON. 972 Broadway. Oakland
NINE lots corner Castro street. San Francisco
value $7500; will give as part payment for a
modern up-to-date ten-room residence larce
lot; must be in Western Addition to Ala-
meda. J. S. JOHNSON, 972 Broadway, Oak-
land.
BARGAINS ON TERMS.
• 5. 6 and 7 room cottages; 7, 8 and 9 room
houses; waterfront property; lot 66x195, on
Central aye., near Fifth St.; double l^-story
house; rents for $24; price $22. Apply to A
JR^PENKE.; Webster-st. station.
LOT 50x150, San Antonio aye., $1550J 60x118
Regent St.. $1200; 33x100, $300; 40x100: bet'
the railroads; west of park, at $800. or will
build on any of the above to suit purchaser
J. H. YOUNG. Builder. 1243 Park St.
ON account of immediate departure— A fine,
modern house of 8 rooms and finished base-
ment; large grounds; highly Improved: will
sell at sacrifice on easy terms. 1162 Broad-
way, Abra^da. m i hiiufcnisiHlwlimii
ELLIS. 736 — Nicely furnlehed rooms; single and
en suite; running water, bath; board optional.
FI'TH, 107— Pleasant sunny unfurnished rooms
to let.
FIFTH, Uohi— Two nicely furnished front
rooms; terms reasonable.
FOURTH, 225— Nice sunny front rooms; also
single. .*.-¦ ' .
FOR rent— 2 sunny rooms, furnished complete
for housekeeping; call 10 to 4. 401 A Van Ness
aye.. cor. -Fulton st.
GEARY. 405 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnlih-
«-d rocms :sultes cr single; travelers accom.
GOL~DEX~GATE aye.. 31C. nr7~l7yde— Nicely
furnished sunny front room: suitable for light
housekeeping: use of kitchen If desired.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 640 — Sunny room; nicely
furnished: suitable for 2 gentlemen.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission sts. — Sunny rooms, en suite or
eingle; ladlea' parlor: reading room; elevator.
GROVE. 101. corner Polk— Furnished room In
a private family. ,-, ¦¦».%.
GROVE. 42j',s— Furnished front room; stove; $5
monthly.
storage: and warehouses.
HERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office. «C 1 Post st. cor. Powell; tel. Main 5711.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore St.; 'phone Jackson 2SI.
BKKINS Van and Etorace Co.. 1340 Market nt:
tel. South R35: p>tck!ne. movlnsr and storage.
ROOMS TO LET — Farn. a.a«l llnfsrn.
A— BRUNSW'ICK HOUSE, 148 Sixth— Rooms
25c to $1 per night: $1 25 to $5 per week, and
llEht housekeeping; open all night.
A— "THE ELMER HOUSE." 324 Bush it. ad-
Joining the Russ Hotel; 84 rooms; all prices.
BURNETT. 1426 Market st. (old No. 1364)-Fur-
cished rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
CALIFORNIA. '(05 (St Peter's House)— New
houte. newly furnished: ho:itekeeping rooma.
CALIFORNIA. 832. near Powell— Elegantly fur-
nished, sunny rooms, with bath and phone;
rent very moderate.
TOR SALE by H. A. PLEITNER.
SPLENDID BUY FOR A HOME
OR INVESTMENT.
$2150— Reduced from $3000: fine modern cottage
of 6 rooms and bath on one floor: mantel, at-
tic, basement, chicken houses, fruit trees; cor-
ner lot; 75x160; must be sold; an opportunity
$2000 — Fine modern cottage of 4 large rooms
and bath; high basement, chicken houses, etc.;
lot 100x140: 4 blocks from local train.
$1800— Cottage of 4 rooms, hall and basement,
stable, chicken houses: lot 107x260; all fenced.
$900— Bay-window cottage of 3 large rooms and
bath; hard finished high basement, etc.; only S
blocks from local train; easy terms If desired.
$SoO— Cottage of 4 rooms and basement, fruit
trees, etc.; lot 50x110; $100 cash, balance $12 per
month.
$550 — House of 4 rooms and basement; large
chicken house; good well and pump; $100 cash,
balance on your own terms.
Ten acres; 3H acres In bearing orchard; cot-
tage of 4 rooms and bath; 2 barns, chicken
houses; good well, windmill and tank. For par-
ticulars apply to
H. A. PLEITNER, Fruitvale Station. Cal
LOTS— SIOO up: Deerlng Tract. Fruitvale aye.
40 lots sold; 40 lots sold; 40 lots sold.
Biggest bargains In Fruitvale; terms to suit.
Will sell any size lot you want.
11. W. DAVIS. Agt. 1 blk from Fruitvale sta.
FOREST PARK TRACT.
Only a Few Minutes From the Station.
>4-Acre Lots. H-Acre Lots. H-Acre Lots.
In a millionaires district at a workingman's
price; fcr Immediate sale; $4 per front foot up;
two weeks only at above price.
Lots 175 feet deep and any frontage Jeslred;
all streets graded; water piped to every lot; In
Fruitvale sanitary district; over 4000 forest and
fruit trees on this tract; a good speculation if
you do not want a home; we build to suit you;
title guaranteed; close to car and transporta-
tion lines.
..s3oo— Lot 50x175; choicest part of FrulUale; 50
fruit trees on the property.
$500— Lot 1-IOxlSl: nicely located.
$600— Lot 154x183; fine place for chickens.
$1000— Chicken ranch; 4 rooms; fenced; lot 137
xlSl: close to cars.
$9Jo— sso down, balance $12 50 per month: well
and pump: lot 50x150; fenced; street graded; 4
rooms and celled: 7-foot basement.
$1000— $50 cash, balance $13 50 per month; well
and pump; lot 50x150; corner; fenced; house 6
rooms; also chicken houses.
$1100—5 rooms; sewer; city water; three min-
utes from station.
$1200— 550 down, balance $16 50 per month; lot
90x150; fine for chickens; fine fruit trees.
MONEY TO LOAN.
FLAT OR ON INSTALLMENTS.
THE HOME BUILDING COMPANY,
San Francisco office— Room 2. ground floor,
222 Sansome St.; afternoons.
Fruitvale office— Half block above Fruitvale
station. : .
\RGAINS IN* COUNTRY LAND DEPART-
MENT OF HOOKER & LENT. 14 Post et.
'Jrarsd stock and fruit ranch In Sonoma Co.; J
liles from R. R.; 1020 acres: 34 acres bearing
ir.es; 10 acres bearing orchard; house, barn;
¦ml all fenced: plenty of tan bark redwood;
umerous springs; well; worth J15.00Q; will be
<M for ESSOO.
Hotel— A money maker; 26 rooms; 3 acres;
i;e crounds; on larpe stream; all furnished
'•mplete: horses, cows, wagons, etc.: open ali
-ar; n«-.w paying about $500 per month: located
i^out SO miles from San Francisco; owner go-
.-.R East; r>rice $SSCO.
¦ j acres— 3 miles from San Jose: all in 10-year-
.d prunes; $3*oo worth of prunes this year; a
.¦-kup for 54&00.
C% acres— 4 miles from Elmira, Solano Co.; S
<rrs orchard : S acres vines; house, barn, etc.;
n county road; half cash; '4500.
HOOKER & LENT, 14 Post st
f.S.COO— A 45-ACRE fruit farm for sale: about
4 : t miles north of Napa. near Oak Knoll; one
of the prettiest places in beautiful Napa Val-
ley; all first-class land; fruit consists of about
equal quantities of peaches and prunes of the
very bf-^t varieti*^; there is about an acre of
mixed fruits for family use; improvements are
house of 4 rooms ajid attic for men. larjre
bam, larpe par king-house, with sheds; work-
shop, with blacksmith and carpenter tools;
horsos, wasors, chickens and chicken-houses,
cow and ail necessary tools, boxes and trays
ffor firyine; also, if sold soon, the fruit and
craln on 45 acres adjoining will go with the
place; this is a very desirable Income prop-
erty. For particulars apply to WILLIAM
HUNTER. Napa. Cal.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
NOTICE is hereby given that the Maria Kip
Orphanage of 520 Lake st. has received the
following orphan and hafl-orphan girls frpm
January 1 to March 31. 1500: Katharine A.
Benjamin, aged 1 year 6 months; Marlon V.
Crane, aged 9 years; Mary Woodd. aged 10
years 6 months; Ella M. Hunaker-Engler.
aged 9 years 5 months; Mabel Pozzl, aged 12
years; Ellse Pokbl, aged 9 years 4 months;
Kthel Marlon Gould, aged 6 years; Mabel
Benbow. a^ed 11 years; Lulu Rentschler,
aged 6 years & months.
LADlES— Chicheiter's English Pennyroyal Pills
are the best; safe, reliable; take no other;
»end 4c stamps for particulars. "Relief for
Ladles," in letter by return mall: at drug-
gists. Chichester Chemical Co., Phlladel.. Pa.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery st, rooms 9-10; tel. 6520.
ROOMS papered from $3: whitened. $1 up
painting done. Hartman Paint Co., 319 Third
POST, 962—2 sunny furnished suites for house-
keeping. $20 and $15; 3 unfurnished in rear. $S.
POWELL. 1401—2 or 3 large sunny rooms for
housekeeping, with gas and bath.
SECOND, 212 — Furnished housekeeping rooms;
also single rooms; clean and respectable; rea-
sonable.
TORE and residence rrpp*rt>' with large lot in
tcvin- Alameda County: enly $2000; see this
bargain. 11. H. CRANE. MS California et
HE EajMZtO Colony farms in the Capay Valley
country should be looked after at once, as this
is the time of the year to arrange for tree and
vine planting; farms range In size from 10 to
M acres and now sold to induce immediate
action at low prices and easy terms; home-
seekers will never regret securing one of these
homeg; no niaiaria, no frosts; products earli-
est in market; good eociety. pood schools tin-
c!u<i!r.K high school); macadamized roads; 2
railroad traine daily frorr Pan Francisco;
water for irrigation when desired: superior to
f»uthtrn California for raising all kinds of
<-:trus fruit, recently to pronounced by lead-
ing Southern California experts; these lands,
with the superior soils and all other advan-
tages named will" be sold at prices far below
those asked in localities hitherto considered
unapproachable in excellence; there is no more
independent liJ> than the small diversified
farmer's; the farms sold before the panic
have become developed and are payinp annu-
ally as much as $Kio per acre: you can leave
San Francisco on S a. m. train, have 3 or 4
hours at Ksparto. and back to San Francisco
•ar'y the same evening: you will find an agent
nt Hotel Barnes. Esparto, to thow you the
lands. OTnrmmlrate by letter with GEO. D.
KISKE. Woodland. Cal.
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
FLKN'DID farm of 117 acres, good land, ad-
joining town of Pleasanton. Alameda County:
ran new be rurchasfd at $47 »0 per acre and
including portion of growing crops. H. H-
fIiANK. DOS California et.
JULIAN Aye.. 192. corner 16th— 2 rooms fur-
nished complete for housekeeping; reasonable.
LARKIN. 326. cor. Golden Gate aye.— Elegantly
furnished housekeeping apartments; exclusive
use of kitchen.
LARKIN. 904— Large, sunny front furnished
room; large closet; light housekeeping; $10;
large, sunny back room. 1 or 2 persons. $6.
LEAVENWORTH. 225— Sunny corner bay-win-
dow unfurnished; housekeeping; American
family: adult 3.
$2700— MODERN ColonlF. ' .story housa of 7
rocms and bath; lot :) 7 : at Dwight way;
easy terms.
$350— Choice lots, 40i ; near station. Ad-
dress R., box 114, Cal. office.
JESSIE. 478. near Sixth— Sunny front room;
light housekeeping; also others.
ALMOST new modern cottage; 6 rooms, bath,
pantry, nice large front porch; lot 60x120; near
station, school, stores: price $1400; only $100
cash; balance $15 monthly. Take Berkeley
train, get off at Lorln and ask for RUDOLPH
& PERKINS.
HOWARD. 704, cor. Third— Nicely furnished
front rooms; also housekeeping rooms^
HOWARD, 761«4— Nicely furnished minny suite;
others: man and wife; kitchen: reasonable.
HYDE. 129— Three sunny housekeeping rooms,
complete; terms reasonable.
BARGAIN investment property; 1 block from
university grounds; new 8-room modern house;
. all latest Improvements: large lot; beautiful
marine view; price $4500; $500 cash, balance to
suit; this property will rent readily for $45
per month. Take Berkeley train, get off at
Lorln. ask for RUDOLPH & PERKINS.
8-ROOM modern house; good well, windmill
and tank; 2 blocks from station and electric
cars; large stable; lot 50x135; nice garden and
fruit trees; price $2200; $200 cash, balance $20
monthly; this property will rent for $20 per
month. Take Berkeley train, get off at
Lorln Station, ask for RUDOLPH & PER-
KINS.
FOLSOM, 620— Large furnished and unfurnished
rooms; large grounds for children; on first
floor. ¦--.-"-¦
UI:AL IiSTATE COUNTRY Vox S«le
A SPLENDID Etock farm of 600 acres, near
this city and convenient to two towns, S. P.
K. R-. also Valley Road. Contra Costa Coun-
ty; a" choice piece of (trass land, a portion
farming; great abundance of running water
and many springs; fine residence, large barns
and outbuildings ; about 20 acres in bearing
orchard and vineyard; a complete stock lurm
and ideal home; will carry 150 bead of cattle;
price ft'O per acre, to close an estate: must be
told. U. H. CRANE. U,% California st
SCSOO— A GREAT bargain; 24 acres: a profitable
and beautiful home farm. 36 miles from this
ritv. near railroad town; about i'O acres in
fruit; nil in full bearinc: anricots will be a
large crop; good toil; well watered: pasture
and crop land, with prove of live oaks: beau-
tilul \iev.-; Improvements first-class; house 9
rooms; well furnished: in splendid condition;
barns and outhouses complete; water from
eprintrs »to house and grounds; all farming
implements and tools; the rrice is less than
one-half cost; good reasons fcr an immediate
sa!e H. H. CRANE. SPB California Et.
SS!« ?::".! PER aer^ for immediate sale; 200
acres <cr less): nearly all in crop: Alameda
Co • r.o such bargain ever offered. H. 11.
CRANE, ICS California st.
$1500— FOR a 9-room house; lot. 85x127: sewered,
fenced: city and well water; fronts east: on
car line; a snap for cash; going to Cape
Nome. W. C. MORAN.
CHOICE lots in Berkeley from $75 up; some ot
the best locations; see our plans for modern
cottages; fine ranches In all parts of • the
State; call and get prices before buying. \v .
C. MORAN.
$1325— LARGE cor. lot: 7-room house; fenced;
close to school and church; 2 blocks to Lorin
station. W. C. MORAN.
SUTTER, 1022*4— Modern newly furnished
rooms: reasonable.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BRANNAN, 729, near Sixth— 2 eunny furnished
rooms for housekeeping; rent $8.
BUCHANAN. 602. corner Fell— Sunny bay wln-
dow; kitchen, gas stove, mantel; $12.
CALIFORNIA. 2523—2 or 3 sunny furnished
rooms; light housekeeping; reasonable; ref-
erences exchanged: private family.
EDDY. 207— Nice, large front furnished room:
cheap; light housekeeping allowed: gas, bath.
EDDY. 305 — Pleasant sunny housekeeping
rooms: also lodging rooms; terms reasonable.
EDDY. 329—2 connecting front basement rooms;
dove: sink; cozy; comfortable: $10.
ELLIS 1127— Nice furnished front room and
kitchen: bath and yard: private family.
FILLMORE. 2212, near Clay— s7: 2 large sunny
unfurnished rooms; nice yard and water.
ELEGANT modern 5-room cottage; lot 30x135;
-nice yard; concrete walks: fruit trees: chick-
en house. Particulars 567 25th St.. Oakland.
$4500— 9-ROOM house at Dwight way: cement
walk; street work done; free car to univer-
sity; sold on easy terms or trade for stocK
ranch. W. C. MORAN.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
OAKLAND REAL - ESTATE.
OAKLAND ' REAL r ESTATE.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$55.000— Fine business block, a corporation
ordering sold; location and Improvements
make it one of the choicest offerings In Oak-
land; prices for adjoining land make this a
great bargain; investigate.
—LAYMANCE.
$100,000 — A fine, prominent and well improved
business corner; paying 6 per cent; formerly
held at $150,000; an Immediate sale wanted to
close an estate.
LAYMANCE
$1500— Offer wanted: foreclosure sale; Fruit-
vale aye.; 2-story residence, 8 rooms; also 6-
room cottage; 141x315; must sell one or both at
once; subdivide to suit.
LAYMANCE
$9000 unfurnished or $10,000 furnished— An
elegant centrally located East Oakland home;
12 rooms; large grounds; beautiful situation;
cost over $20,000.
LAYMANCE
$3000— Elegant 12-room house; cost more to
construct: lot 80x120; location between Grove
»t. and Telegraph aye.
$18,000; cost $27.000— Elegant modern 14-room
residence; choicest homesite in Oakland; cen-
tral, elevated location; an estate ordered
closed.
LAYMANCE.
$5650— Offer wanted; bank mortgage, $4000;
fine modern 9-room house; near 2Sth st and
Telegraph aye.; lot 62 feet; bank appraisement
$sooo.
LAYMANCE
$3250— Near 27th st. and Telegraph aye.; mod-
ern 8-room home; lot 40x175: stable; a bargain.
LAYMANCE.
$2S5O— An extra snap in a new modern home;
just finished; 2-story, 8 rooms; latest plumb-
ing; only $350 cash, balance on mortgage; lo-
cation, center of Oakland; a minutes" walk of
14th st. and Broadway.
$1850— Adjoining Linda Vista Terrace; fronts
car line; 2-story colonial 5-room cottage; of-
fer wanted.
LAYMANCE
$2500; $250 cash— Near Senator Perkins'; Pied-
mont; colonial; 7 rooms; cozy new house; never
occupied; bank sale.
LAYMANCE
$2850; $250 cash— Adeline station; new; colon-
ial; 6 rooms; never occupied; worth $3500.
LAYMANCE
$ISsO— Near 20th and Grove sts.; neat 6-room
cottage; bath, mantel; good order; bargain;
must sell.
LAYMANCE
$6Soo— Webster st, near 14th.; 2-story 9-room
residence; lot 71x150; land worth price asked;
bargain; going away.
LAYMANCE
$25,000 — Beautiful Claremont; magnificent
home; 13 rooms and grounds of 5 acres In the
choicest shrubberies.
LAYMANCE
$2700— Offer wanted; Kirkham st. near 10th;
two-story residence; 8 rooms; 28x115; non-resi-
dent; must sell.
LAYMANCE
$2000— ISth aye.; modern 7-room home; lot BOX
140; beautiful grounds; offer wanted.
LAYMANCE
$250 cash for equity— Mortgage $3000; 12th aye.:
modern two story; 8 rooms; lot 50x130; barn;
cost $i>soo; a sacrifice.
LAYMANCE
$4650 — A choice bargain; elegant location; 10th
and Filbert sts.; tine 2-story residence; 9 rooms;
up-to-date; sunny and choice; immediate offer
wanted; cost owner $6500.
LAYMANCE.
$ISSO — Snap; near Telegraph aye.; two-story
modern, 7 rooms, bath, cement basement; fine
barn, cost $750; lot 50x100; premises insured for
$2500; Immediate sale wanted.
LAYMANCE
$1150— Bay-window cottage; 6 rooms, bath,
high basement, driveway; 5 njlnutes' walk of
Broadway or Market stations; a bargain.
LAYMANCE
$1550— A bargain; corner house; 8 rooms, bath,
mantel, gas; corner lot 70x100; near Oak or
Broadway stations; offer wanted.
LAYMANCE
$4750 — Linda Vista Terrace; lovely new Colo-
nial style; 8 rooms; every modern convenience;
furnace; large lot; worth $5500; easy terms.
LAYMANCE.
$2850 — A snap; In Berkeley; mortgage $2000, at 8
per cent: tine home of 8 rooms, with every mod-
ern appointment; lot 50x135; cost S. F. mer-
chant $4000; offer wanted at once.
LAYMANCE.
ACREAGE NEAR OAKLAND.
$1000— Choice single acres fronting San Lean-
dro electric road; all In full bearing fruit;
beautiful home location.
LAYMANCE.
$450 per acre (always held at $1000 per acre)
for 10 acres in bearing fruit, opposite railroad
depot, near San Leandro; finest location In
Alameda County for a home and a store; this
piece of land will triple In value In 5 years;
an estate; make offer.
LAYMANCE.
$275 per acre— 6o acres of finest plain land In
Alameda County; only 10 miles of Oakland,
near railroad station.
LAYMANCE.
For Oakland properties
Call or write
LATMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.,
4SO-462 Eighth street
Oakland,
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
$1300—8 ROOMsTcorTTot" 60x100. fenced, sew-
ered; city water; $100 cash: balance $12 per
month,, including Interest. W. C. MORAN.
$I'iso— FOUR rooms and bath: high basement:
windmill and tank; lot. 75x135; sewered; 'fine
view; near University; just off car line. W.
C. MORAN.
JOHN PFORR. 403 Pine st.
Opposite the Nevada Bank.
A first rate chance— Hotel en Mission road;
larpe lot, carden. ttable. etc.; must be sold to
prevent foreclosure.
fSOOO each— 4 splendid lots. 23x00 each, on ISth
<ferroerly Kidlev) Etreet. Just west cf Valencia
ttroft.
JliOO each— s lots, 23x70 each, on Clinton Park,
vest of Valencia.
j-sofr—nents $;.4O per annum; etore and flats
on Geary street.
j-spo^itpnt JS4O per annum: a fine business
property in the Western Addition; 3-story
house. Ft ore and f.ats.
$340* — Rent tZO; a splendid piece of business
property: store and dwelling: lot 2."x75.
j*jr.Q-^Rents $70; 4 splendid flats in Western
Addition: lot MxSO.
I'AHK LOTS— AN EASY METHOD TO GET
ONE.
On Installments— sls down and $5 per month;
jirice $!.'«: park lots 2Jx129 feet each: well lo-
cated: only 5 blocks from the park and 4 bl6cks
frcm the boulevard.
BEAUTIFUL Broadway lot. north *!de; view;
Iwtwiyn Steiner and Pierce. "THE McCAR-
THY CO.. «6 Market Et.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS,
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
ANNOUNCEMENT—
We desire to call the attention of Intending
buyers of co-jntry lanfis to come bargains In
income producing orchard, vineyard, grain
and stock farms, many of which are bank
foreclosures, that we have for sale. Our Mr.
Bash, having had 40 years' knowledge and
experience of the value of lands and being
the owner of an Income-producing orchard
and vineyard, can ir.tellißently direct intend-
ing buyers to the beFt lands and bargains in
the State. Call or write for what you want.
"DAVID Bf«H. Country Department.
G. H. UMESEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
* ACRES vegetable land. San Lorenzo. AJa-
wfla County; only $2500. C. K. KING, 9C2
Broadway, Oakland.
15 ACRES, near Liverraore. Alameda Co. : good
{rr.provemento. s^ooo. C. K. KING. 902 Croad-
•vviiy. Oakland.
JIEOO-IO ACRES; 3 acres alfalfa land. Contra
CoFta County; poi improvements; tools ami
tow. C. K. KING. 902 Broadway. Oakland.
£6 ACRES, Alameda Co., Improved ranch:
ICjOO; all clear; to trade for good house and
lot. C. K. KING, 902 Broadway. Oakland.
FINEST hotel property in the State, with 160
acre?: elegant land; Sonoma Co. C. K.
KING, &02 Broadway.
A — FOR sale cheap, ranch 272 acres in Sonoma I
Crunty. l's miles from railroad station, on
county road: prood house. 6 rooms, hard fin- (
isV-<l; cood barn: water piped to house: small
orchard: prnall vineyard; everlasting springs:
rome redwood timber; all fenced; beautiful
*-c<ner> : climnte unsurpassed; terms to suit
buj-"r. Box 3460. Call office.
?5 PER acre— S^ acres fine farming land. San
Benito County; running water; pell on easy
terms*: pood place for Ftock and grain.
J2OoO— Exchanpe for city or suburban prop-
erty; lW acres. Lake County; S5 acres orchard |
and train: fine location lor store; Junction j
county roade. i
I. C. RCHARFF. 20 Montgomery st.
"OR sale— ln Mill Valley; house of five rooms
and bath and four small rooms In basement;
furnished or unfurnished; lot K'xlDO; garden
and orchard of 3d trees: & minutes* walk from
station; t2SOO. App!y 126 Turk et.
J6PO— RARE bargain; IGOacre* In thehllls, 6 miles
from l"k!ah. with house, barn and pprlnjts;
Fmall orchard, parden and 10 acres in grain-.
i CO acres choice oak and pine timber; balance
partur*-: title perfect. Address R., box 114
Call office.
:2<> AN acre — General f«rm: good Improvements;
house, barns and orchard: abundance of water
nnd wood; 5M acre*; on road between Peta-
luma Rnd Santa Rofh ; rents for $6iO year
Address R.. box 114. Call office.
OWNER dead; bargain: 120 acres. 10 miles
from Napa: house, barn*, etock. implements,
vines, orchard, hay. berries, timber, pasture,
water: $U,<*« cash. $1000 easy. WIDOW box
r745. Call office, Oakland.
XIEDWOOD timber lands. In Mendocino County
in lots Irom C4O to 10.000 acres, at from $3 to
SSU?T r r firrf '- K " r Particulars address P.
ROTIIERMEL. M7- California st.. S. F.
JSOO-POULTRY and fruit farm: I acres valley
land, with hnuw that eort fiwx)- all in or-
chard. Address R., box 114, Call office.
J2f«O— FRUIT and r-ou 1 try "farm ~1 8 acres; with
house, barn aty! f. acres in orchard- near Pct-
eluir.a. Address R., box 114. Call office.
CO-ACRE improved ranch; nice house- fruit-
water; near Santa Cruz: $40C0. Box 3456. Call!
MILL VALLEY— For sale, a beautiful cottasr-^-
{> rooms, bath, stable, oak trees, fruit and
flowers- cor. Lovell aye. and Oak st. Addlv
nt 2719 Bryant aye. -^vvr
FOR tale— 22>4 acres: house, ham. *ma!l orch-
ard. S chicken houses, chickens, horrtn
vagons. furniture, farm implements- every-
thing needed on a email rancho: no' ftrrtits
For full particulars address GEO A Mir '
LER. Cotati. Cal. "
UAHIN CO- *« rattea from S. F.— s4o to $S0 per
acre; choice lands In tracts of all sixes; im-
proved farms, chicken ranches, hay. grain
fruit and vegetable lands; easy terms; rali
and water transit; good schools. HOME AND
FARM CO.. room 2. Bth floor. Mills bldg.. 6. F.
6TOCK and craln ranch for *ale In Colusa
County: J240 acres; $io per acre; 500 grain,
rest hi!l land. M. E. CHANDON, Marys-
vllle. Cal.
ALTA PUNTA Tract. San Pablo aye.. 3 miles
north of Berkeley, near Santa Fe Railroad-
Valley land by the acre. $130 to $200. Call for
niarX etc on G. W. HAIGHT. 401 Cal. at.
J W HORN. tl2 Main st. Petaluma; real ea-
'tate end thorourhbred Belgian hares. Send I
tor Iree ll«t of Sonom* County barcsina. 'j
GET, your own home at a' bargain. ¦ '
' For : sale—Houses and lots, to suit, by the
Cosmopolitan Building Association: small pay-
ment required; easy terms. E. K. WATER-
MAN, 1107 Thirteenth aye.. East Oakland:
Union Hotel block.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
HANCOCK HOUSE, 781 Mlrrlon at— Select
family roomies house; $1 50 to t per week.
HAIGHT, 11— Sunny unfurnished rooms; rea-
Fonable.
HARRISON. 7S4H. near . Fourth-Finely fur-
mshrd. sunny rooms; bath; all conveniences;
homelike; 51 week i!D.
HARRISON, moo—S unny newly furnished front
room; use of bath; suitable for 1 or 2 per-
sons: rent $10 per month.
CARROLTON. 1206 Market cor. Golden Gat«
aye. — Sunny corner: well furn.: rma. k offices;
DEVISADERO. 1905— Pleasant room with hot
and cold water; use of bath.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES
RENTED, repaired, bought, sold; machine sup-
plies. Standard Agency. l4s 6th; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re-
pairing: at lowest rates. 205 Fourth at.
TEHAMA. 475, near Sixth— sls; 4 sunny fur-
nished rooms and kitchen; complete.
TURK, E24. near Larkin— 2 large eunny fur-
nished connecting rooms; also kitchen; pri-
vate family; references. ;.<¦-. ¦•••¦.
TWO front, $13; 1 large, light room. $11; 223
Kearny st., nr. Sutter. Also 1. O'Farrell, nr.
Powell. $5; gas free. Apply 15 Grant aye.
VALENCIA. 834 Vt — Sunny front room and con-
necting kitchen, furnished, $12; cr 3 rooms, $15.
VAN NESS, 43— Nice, eunny front rooms for
housekeeping; rent $10 to $18. a month.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and Kubscrlptlons
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmbre.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisement* and
vubscrlptlona has been established at 1091
Valencia st
SOUTH PARK. 184— One or two sunny rooms,
nicely furnished for housekeeping.
NINTH. 113—2 sunny housekeeping rooms; $9.
O'FARRELL. 742— Nicely furnished, sunny par-
lor floor; 2 to 5 rooms; housekpg. or otherwise.
O'FARRELL. 1023, near Van Ness aye.— A part
of tunny flat; complete; for housekeeping.
POST. 943— Two newly furnished sunny rooms,
suitable for housekeeping.
MISSION. 1119 — Sunny housekeeping room;
newly furm6hed; ?6 Der month.
NATOMA. C2— Two furnished housekeeping
rooms. $8 a month: no children.
McALLISTER, 12?2—3 furnished rooms for
housekeeping. Call bet. 9 and 12 a. m.
MISSION, S4s— Nice front room with folding
bed; kitchen: complete for housekeeping.
FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
MARTHA place, 2. off Geary, near Taylor— 2
furnished rooms for housekeeping.
MARKET. 1597— Tw0 furnished rooms for
housekeeping; kitchen and bedroom.
LEWIS. IR. off Taylor, near Post— 3 furnished
front housekeeping rooms; $13.
RENT $19 50, or for sale on easy terms; charm-
Ing cottage; designed for small family desir-
tnc to live In perfect taste at small expense.
30S1 Fulton St., Ashby station, or room 6, 22^
Geary st.
$650; MUST be sold; attractive modern colonial
house; 6 large rooms two halls, bath, gas,
stable; large corner. Telegraph aye. (6198):
cars pass; short walk Lorin station: conven-
ient to university; improvements worth more
than price; balance $1500; terms. -;"-. •;»:¦¦.> -^
IVY aye., 223, near Franklin— 2 furnished
eunny rooms; stove, sink; J9 monthly.
GEARY. 40S— Three nicely furnished rooms;
rent $20.
GEARY. 643— Nice sunny rooms; single or
houskeeping. :-"v: -"v ¦ ;
SNAP: nice 3-room cottage: large lot; close
to station, electric cars, pJ-001, stores, etc.;
price $700; $100 cash, brflice $15 monthly.
Take Berkeley train, k v at Lorin Station,
ask for HUDOLPH \fe ' :KINS.
$400 CASH— Lot. 50x135; fenced: sewered; near
church and school; fine lot to build on: two-
room cottage at rear now occupied. W. C
MORAN, Lorln Station, Berkeley.
FOR SALE— Modern cottage of 5 rooms and
bath; large lot in Million warm belt. Apply
owner on rremiws, 1312 York Ft. •
LOT 20xSC * Third and Folsora *ts.; cheap; a
banraln. T. M. SILVEY. €24 Market st.
THE Astor. 1130 Market— Electric bells, lights
elegant new furniture: single, suites: trans't
STOCKTON. 12 (over Pup Rotisserle)— Nicely
furnished rooms from $12 to $30.
OAKLAND, REAL ESTATE.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
THE best offer takes this-44 acre; fruit trees.
- berries; cottage, shop and barn; 1 block from
Alcatraz and Telegraph ayes.. Berkeley; must
sell.' J. GOEBBELS. Lorln P. O.
$1500' SNAP. $1500
Neat cottage, 5 rooms and bath: high base-
ment; sunny exposure, and has all the mod-
ern" conveniences: street work complete; good
location and neighborhood ; close to cars,
schools, etc. ; chance for a home at -most rea-
sonable figure.
J. S. MYERS.
/ 1002 Broadway.
Oakland.
BERKELEY-ADVERTISEMENTS
REAL 2STATE CITY — FOR S %LE.
ROS S STATIOy R E AL ESTATE.
ROSS Valley villa lots, 50x150; $300 to $500; good
drainage; fine view; San Rafael water sys-
tem: 10 minutes" walk from Ross Station;
sprinkled roads. Apply P. ROSS, Tamalpais
Station, or C. H. STANYAN, 31 Market et.
San Francisco.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 15, 1900.
HOOMS TO LET— Farn. and Unfurn
ROYAL HOUSE. 126 Ellis st— lncandescent
light, reading room, smoking room and ladles'
parlor; rooms, per night 35c to $1 60: week. $1
to $8; month. $8 to $20; elevator on offlcs floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SAN ANTONIO. 21 Taylor st.. near Market— An
up-to-date fireproof building; elevator; new
furniture; hot and cold water; radiators; salt
tea baths; suites and single rooms. V
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth st,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SHIPLEY. 259—8 r00m5, "912; 4 rooms, $7; house
new. See owner 1151 Guerrero st.
SHOTWELL, 214, near Sixteenth— Two nice,
sunny unfurnished rooms; warm belt Mission.
SIXTH. 119 A (The Piedmont)— Sunny bay-wln-
dow rooms, $2 50 per week; also single rooms.
STEVENSON. 472. N. E. cor. Sixth— Nice sunny
furnished rooms; rent $1 week.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
$5250— 167 ACRES; choice Income grain land In
Llvermore Valley for San Francisco business
or residence property. SCHWEINHARD &
CO.. 917 Market St.. rooms 1-2. -
OWNER of property will i exchange Alameda
residence for city residence or good lot. L.,
box 3494. Call office.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
FOR rent In Piedmont— House of 8 rooms. In-
quire Falrvlew aye., first house, or address
P. O. box 342. Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALri.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. tn»
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
THE OAKS, 119 Third— A good rooming house
for good people. R. HUGHES. Proprietor.
TURK. 543— Quiet single room for erentleman;
bath: private family; $1 25 per week^
VERY sunny front room: Van Ness: partly fur-
nished; for lady wishing opportunity for
French and music. Box 1206. Call office.
VAN NESS aye.. 1109— Single rooms; reason-
able.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tlsementa and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st.: open until 9 p. m. ,
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia *t.
DELINQUENT NOTICES.
WITTRAM PROPELLER CO.. 226 Market St..
San Francisco— Notice.— There is delinquent
upon the following described stock, on account
of assessment levied on the 9th day of March,
1900, the several amounts eet opposite the
names of the respective shareholders, as fol-
lows:
No. No.
Name— Certificate. Shares. Amount
John D. Spreckels.. 1 33,313 1-3 $999 40
Chaa. A. Hug. 7 20 60
And In accordance with law and an order of
the Board of Directors made on the 9th day of
March. 1600, so many shares of each parcel of
such as may be necessary will be sold at the
office of the company, 226 Market street. San
Francisco, on the 2Sth day of April, 1900. at 3
p. m. of such day, to pay delinquent assess-
ments thereon, together with costs of adver-
tising and expenses of the sale.
F. WITTRAM JR.. Secy.. 226 Market st
DIVIDEND KOTICE9.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 78 (25 cents
per share) . of the Hutchlnson Sugar Planta-
tion Company, will be payable at the office
of the company, 327 Market st. on and after
Friday. April 20, 1900. Transfer books will
close on Friday, April 13. 1900, at 3 o'clock
P. m. E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend No. 8 (25c per
share) of the Kilauea Sugar Plantation Co.
will be payable at the office of the company.
327- Market st.. on and after MONDAY. April
16. 1800. Transfer books will close on Tues-
day. April 10. 1900. at 3 p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
C. C. BEMIS.- Real Estate and General Land
Arent, 324 Montgomery st.
In Berkeley— Corner lot 87x150. with modern
hou»e of 9 rooma.
ROOMS AKD BOARD.
nice sunny bay-window rooms; first-class
table; prices moderate; 2 car lines pass, hotel;
elevator; telephone Hyde 2771. 1604 California
'et.. corner Polk, near Van Ness aye.
BELGRA VIA Hotel. Polk and Clay— Sunny
bay-window rooms; superior board; modern
conveniences: rates reasonable.
BOARD. $3 per week; nice sunny rooms, from
$1 upward; newly furnished. Natlc Hotel,
5377 Twenty-sixth st.
BUCHANAN. 612— Sunny, well-furnished rooms
with or without board.
BUSH, 1105— Large, elegantly furnished front
room; suitable for two; billiards, piano.
POST. 739, nr. Leavenworth— High-class family
' hotel; sunny rooms, with private bath; fine
lawn; French chef; best table In city: ref.
HOTEL CLAIRMONT, 615 Taylor— Renovated;
suites and single rms.; sunny; excellent table.
HOTEL SALISBURY, Hyde and Eddy: changed
hands; thoroughly renovated; elegant rooms.
LAS PALMAS, IS2O Market St.— Suite of 2 or 3
rms". ; private: bath; sin. rms.; board optional.
VAN NESS aye., 944 (The Wallace)— First-class
appointments: table supplied with the best the
market affords: cannot be surpassed; fur-
nished or unfurnished if desired: special in-
ducements to students and couples; $20 up.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents. The Weekly Call,
16 papes. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
ROOMS WANTED.
YOUNG lady wants room and board with pri-
vate family. -Address box 3493. Call office.
REFINED young lady wishes room in refined
home, between California s=t. and Pacific aye..
Fillmore and Baker sts. Box 3495. Call office.
ROOMS AM) BOARD WANTED.
YOUNG man engaged during day desires board
and room In private family; state terms. Ad-
dress box 4691, Call.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been Issued as follows:
John E. Theorln, 26. city, and Justlna Llnd-
lof. 26, city.
Adolf Esslgbeck, 32, 227 Montgomery avenue,
and Madeline Kuhn, 32. 227 Montgomery avenue.
Alfred M. Bridge. 27, Llvermore. and Ce-
llnda E. Andrews. 24, 38 Oak street.
Gustave A. Relmers, 21, 705 Greenwich street
and Lilly M. Frieske, 17. 634 Chestnut street.
Edward G. Egan, 2S. Omaha, and Annie Con-
lan, 25. Oakland.
Frank J. Duarte. 22. 959 Mission street and
Mary M. Robinson, 22, 959 Mission street.
Garrett M. Kidd. 21. Santa Rosa, and Lizzie
Mathews, 18, Santa Rosa.
Francereo Denevl. 29. lilt Kearny street, and
Maria Rossi. 16. 526 Vallejo street.
Eustace M. Boyle, 30. 638 Corbett avenue, and
Eleanor A. Jamllson. 27, 3605 Eighteenth street.
Eugene Lent, 38, city, and Bertha M. Russell,
26. city.
Ferdinand L. Ramon, 29, city, and Sadie E.
Fahey, 20, city.
George H. Van der Wlelen, 26, 525 Valencta
street, and Ida H. C. Schmidt. 19. 54 Erie st.
Roy E. Kimball, 25, Oakland, and Mary E.
Stokes, 23, Oakland.
Ellseo Valante. 21. Kenwood, and Rosa
Üboldi. 19. Kenwood.
Patrick J. Herbert. 33. 312 Twenty-ninth
Btreet. and Nellie Donlon, 29, 677 Harrison at.
William A. Morris. 24. 2108 O'Farrell street,
and Marguerite Lambe. 22. 1224 Waller street.
TO LKASK.
TO Lease— All or part of -.-acant property: 95x
160; on Mission et.. near Fifteenth; will build
llrht «tructure. Owner, box 2109. Cnll. I
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
BIRTHS— MABRIAGES— DEATHS-
BORN.
ACKERSON— In this city. April 9. 1300. to the
wlf« of William W. Ackerson. a daughter.
DOLHEGUY— In this city, March 20. 1900. to
the wife of Leon Dolhesuy, a son.
GOLDSTEIN— In this city, April 11. 1900, to the
wife of B. M. Goldstein, a son.
HAGGLUND— In this city. April 11. 1900, to the
wife of John G. Hagglund. a son.
HANNAN— In this city, April 11. 1900. to the
wife of James J. Hannan. a daughter.
HARKER— In this city. April 7. 1900. to the
wife of Oliver A. Harker. a son.
HAYDEN— In this city. April 9, 1900. to the
wife of Thomas F. Hayden, a son.
HEALEY— In this city. April 10. 19C0. to the
wife of Edward Healey of Oakland, a daugh-
ter.
JACK— In Oakland, April 13. 1900. to the wife
of John T. Jack, a daughter.
KELLY— In this city, April 8, 1900. to the wife
of Charles J. Kelly, a aon.
LEISEN— In this city. April 10, 1900. to the
wife of William C. Lelsen, a daughter.
LEVY— In this city, to the wife of Herman
Levy, a son.
LOVE— In this city, April 13. 1900. to the wife
of S. H. Love, a daughter.
OLSEN— In this city, March 11. 1900, to the
wife of Edward Olsen, a daughter.
PEOPLES— In this city, April 14, 1900. to the
wife of Georse Edwin Peoples, a daughter.
RAU— In this city, April 12, 1900, to the wife of
Stephen S. Rau, a daughter.
REILLY— In this city, April 12. 1900, to the
wife of J. H. Reilly. a daughter.
TOBELMANN— In this city. April 10. 190, to the
wife of Frederick Tobelmann. a son.
WALTER— In this city, to the wife ot H. I.
Walter, a son.
W r ISBEY— In this city. April 13. 1900, to the
wife of XV. Wisbey, a daughter.
WOLTERS— In this city. April 10. 1900. to the
wife of Louis A. Wolters. a son.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— IIIB BROADWAY.
MARRIED.
MACK— NEWHOFF— In Oakland. April 10. 1300.
by the Rev. Dr. Brown, Arthur E. Mack and
Belle Newhoff, both of San Francisco.
E. E. BUNCE.
90S BROADWAY.
OAKLAND, CAL.
SOUND 'AND SAFE INVESTMENTS.
$1600— 8-room house; near college; lot 50x125
feet.
$2500— Lot 100x133 feet, with nice cottage;
must be sold within 10 days.
Large list of new houses for sale on easy
terms.
400 lots for sale in Oakland, Alameda, Fruit-
vale and Berkeley.
$525,000 — Business property; Income $80,000
per year: corner lot; 5-story building; fire-
proof: will leave a mortgage of $275,000, Inter-
est at 5 per cent; will exchange equity for a
desirable clear ranch In California.
$40,000—500 acres, near Oakland; stock, fruit
and vegetable ranch.
$4500—25 acres; 10-room house; barn; fruit;
fine Improvements.
$3500 — 320 acres: grain ranch.
Ranches for sale from 20 acres to 60.000 acres.
1,000,000 acres for sale In Mexico at 60 cents
per acre; close to navigable river; well
adapted for colonization.
80-page catalogue of ranches and homes.
Large list of California and Eastern property
for exchange.
I have good business chances of all kinds for
sale.
Oakland property for exchange for San Fran-
cisco property.
BEFORE YOU BUY OR LOAN YOUR
MONEY ON CALIFORNIA REAL ESTATE
GET MY OPINION OF ITS VALUE FOR
YOUR OWN PROTECTION.
E. E. BUNCE.
908 Broadway, Oakland, Cal.
$2000— PARTNER, lady or gentleman, wanted
Immediately to Join with party In securing a
townslte across the bay; big money at. once;
quick returns; thorough Investigation; no pre-
vious experience required; either lady or gen-
tleman with this amount can. make a 1a 1 solid
investment with responsible party. Address
Immediately J. W., box 2750, Call office.
$1500— 12 - ACRES good land; house insured
$1000; barn, chicken-bouses, etc.: a great bar-
gain. ALDEN CO.. 1118 Broadway.
$1500— TWO cottages, 4 rooms each, near Center
station; a snap; both for $1500. ALDEN CO.,
111S Broadway.
$:i5O-STORE with 4 rooms and lot 25x100: well
located; all goes for $?50; bargain. ALDEN
CO.. 1118 Broadway.
SGOO— LODGING-HOUSE. Oakland: also one for
$li»0. ALDETN CO.. IUS Broadway.
$1500 TO loan on pianos, furniture at 1 per cent
per month. ALDEN CO., 111S Broadway.
OAKLAND Heights— Fine new modern colonial
house of 8 rooms; Just finished: everything up
to date; built by day's labor; will be sold for
cash or on easy payments at 25 per cent less
than lot and house could be duplicated for;
see this If you want a home. JAMES S
NAISMITH. 452 Ninth st. . ¦ .
AT $75 cash. $10 monthly till paid for— Cottage
of 3 roome. hard finished; good well of .water'
3 fine lots, -, all fenced; near 3 electflc car
lines; fine schoolhouse and 90-foot boulevard;
>' soil; ¦ view ¦ and climate the very best; no fogs
nor cold winds: a few tine lots. $100 each. $.".
cash, $5 monthly; Allendale Tract, adjolnnig
'•' East Oakland;- price, all told, $650; call or
send for circular, 455 Seventh st, Oakland.
H. Z. JONES, owner.
" $2600 -TO $3500.
Just completed, "NEW" English and Dutch
style cottages and houses, containing 6 rooms,
porcelain ¦ bath, - pantries, china closet, book-
cases, polished paneled dining-room, sewlns-
rcom. . etp. In fact, thoroughly up to date In
every feature: fine locations: close to local
trains, schools, cars, etc. ; terms easy.
:' : "-"': ':!> J - S.- MYERS.
1002/ Broadway,
Oakland.
34BAY AND BIVEB STEAMEBS.
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticello."
HON.. Tue*.. Wed.. Thurs. ana Sat. *t 9:43
a. m.: 3:13. 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Frt-
days. 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays, 10:30 a. m.. 3
p. m. Landing and office. Misslon-streat Oock.
Pier No. 3. Telephone Main XXS.
FARE SdQ
CHICAGO. April 14.— May wheat opened ?&@
He depressed from Thursday at C6H@66c and
advanced to ttViC, at which price It closed, un
changed from Thursday. Instead of the stop
loss selling which many had looked for at this
point commission houses were able to produce
many buying orders which had been lying
around for woeks. Under this stimulus and
the strength of corn and provisions, together
with a mild reiteration of the damage reports
in France, the advance took place without a
material setback. Considerinc the closing of
many markets and the curtailment of news the
session was fairly active. Monday's statistics
are expected to be bullish rather than bearish,
but not strikingly so. The early loss was due
principally to the fine weather.
The corn market opened easier, May 1 i 1 5'4c
lower at 3*%®3J.%c to 3s%@3SHc The influences
were purely local, there being nothing in the
way of news to stimulate the market and the
shipping business was unimportant. May closed
strong *»6'.sc over Thursday at 39<»c.
Ob'.s were quiet and the range narrow. May
closed >4«i%c under Thursday. The holidays in
other markets curtailed business.
There was not a soft epot In the provision
market. Hogs were decidedly higher at the
yards, forming the chief bull Influence. There
•vas profit taking, but such sales were readily
absorbed at nearly all rates. The buying of
lard was the feature. May pork closed 20c up.
May lard 27',-ic improved and May ribs 22',ic
better.
The leading; futures raneed as follows:
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
slow; winter patents, $3 Cofi3 70; straits $2 95
@X 40: clears. $2 70g3 20; spring specials. $3 90;
patents. $3 10<?i3 45; straits, $2 60(83; bakers'
$:&2 <5; No. 3 spring wheat, 64J?64%c; No. 2
red. 694 c; No. 2 corn. 39c; No. 2 oats US<3>
23>' 4 c; No. 2 white, 28#28Hc; No. 3 white, 26V
«527% c; No. 2 rye, 56c; No. 2 barler. 4ie43c;
No. 1 flax seed, fl 73: prime timothy seed.
$2 40: mess pork, per barrel, $12 !o§i2 95; lard,
per 100 pounds. $7 1«57 274; short ribs sides
(loose). $7 10ig7 40; dry salted shoulders (boxed)
€%«26"«c; Fhort clear sides (boxed), $7 30*37 40;
whisky, distillers' finished goods, per gallon
$1 15%; sugar, cut loaf. $6; granulated, $:. 44.
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was firm; creamery. 14@lSc; dairy. 133
lfic; cheese, firm. 12@13c; eggs, eteady, fresh.
UUc.
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO. April 14.— CATTLE— Receipts, 100;
nominally steady. Natives— Good to prime
steers, JC-35 90; poor to medium, $4 10® 4 S3;
®p3fPnMIP Tbi 3 - s - Moan*
iPffftlgf i*L Bails via Honolulu wt
l!& < ¦ Auckland for Sydney
3 .* v ' Wednesday, April 13.
Q+tfiCt-TN at t v. m-
*•»» tor Honolulu
fOfTtQ^fZW- Wednesday. May I.
Favorite Un« around the world ¦»!» Hawaii.
Samoa. New Zealand. Australia, India, Sue*.
England, etc.; |Q0 first class.
/. l». SrncCKELS ri. tihbs.CC>., «qts.. 114 Montgomarf
Pier 7. Foot Pacific St. FreiehtOfflce.327 Market St.
CCMPAISIS GENEB ALE TBAN SATLA3TIQUE.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. m
Sailing every Thursday instead of <oJVtl>
Satuiday. from November 2. 1839. at ¦»« J a««B*»
10 a. m.. from Pier 42. North River, foot oi
Morton »t. LA GASCOGNE. April 13: LA TOU-
RAINE. April 25: LA BRETAGNE. May 3: LA
CHAMPAGNE, May 10. First claas to Havre.
$60 and upward: 5 per cent reduction on round
trip. Second class to Havre. $45: 5 per cent re-
ductlon on round trip. GENERAL AGENCY
FOR UNITED STATES AND CANADA, 32
Broadway tHudson building). New York. J. F.
FUGAZI * CO.. Pacific Coast Agenta. 5 Mont-
gomery avenue. San Francisco.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Securities were dull yesterday and not ma
terially changed.
In the oil stocks there was some activity in
Home OH at improving prices.
The Burlington Oil Company, Los Angeles,
has paid Its regular . monthly dividend of 2
per cent.
The Rex Oil Company, Los Angeles, has de
clared a dividend of 5 per cent, payable April
22.
The Wilson Oil Company, Los Angeles, has
declared a monthly dividend of 2 per cent,
payable April 17.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
SATU
Bld.Ask.
U S Bonds—
4s quar coup..ll4%llSH
4s do reg 114%115«£
4s do cp new. .133 —
3s do coup 110 —
Miscellaneous—
Cal-st Cab 55.. — 120
C C Wat 55... 106 V* —
Ed L&. P ia.ATJ —
F & Cl Ry 65. .114 —
Geary-st R ss. - 92«£
H O'A S 6%5. - -
Do 5s ."105V4106K
L A Ry 55.... 104 105
LAL Co 65... — —
Do gtnd 65.. — —
Do gtnd 55.. 98 100<4
L A & f R as.luz% —
Market-st S*..MM* —
Do Ist m 55. .116% —
NCN U X 7».l(M> —
N R of Cal fis.liai* _
N P of Cal 55.H5V»115%
N P C R X «s.lii4>*.—
N P C R R 6s. 107 "4107%
N Cal R R 55. .112 —
Oak G L&H55.109 —
Oak Tran 65... 114 —
Oak W Co os.. - 10S%
Oceanic S Co.. 108 107
Om C Ry 65..125«4 —
P & Cl Ry 65..104% —
Pk &O Ry 6s. — —
Powell-st R 65.117 —
Sac L A GRSs. SO —
5 F & SJV 5C.116V4 —
6 Ry of Cal 6s.lll>i —
S P of A 65...H2H —
S P C 6s (l»05).108T» —
Do (1!M)«) ....111 —
Do (1912) .... — —
r>o Ist eg ss. — —
S P Br 6s 126 12*
S V Water 65.H4V4114ii
Do 4s 104 —
SV W (3d m). 102 —
Stktn Gas 6s. i — 105
Water fitbeks-
Contra Costa.. &\i 65V4
Marln County. — —
Spring Valley.. 96 97
Gas <fc Electric-
Cent G L Co.. — —
Cent L&P.... 3%.4^
RDAY, April 14—12 m.
lEquit .G L Co. 2% -L '
Mutual El Co. m t 12%
O G L & H-... 46H 48
Hac Gas Imp.. 60 61
Hac LCo — 4514
S FG &E.... 50%50?i
San Francisco. 4S i%
atkn G&ECo 10 —
Insurance —
Flrem'B Fund.223 —
Bank Stocks—
Anglo-Cal Ltd. 64 —
Bank of Cal... 410
Cal SD & T..104 —
f ust National. — 2W
Lon P & A. ..132 _
Merchants' Ex 15 —
Savings Banks
Nev Nat Bk.. — —
Ger S & L..1850 —
Hum S & L,. — '
Mut Say Bk. 45 —
8 F Say U.. 512V4 —
Say & L So. 74 78
Sec Bey Bk. — —
Union T Co.
Street Railroads-
California .... 119^122
Oearv-5t ,.,..-.. Mt —
Market-st Ry.. 63 631 i
O a L & H... - 5u
Presidio ... 16 —
Powder Stocks—
California .....IBS us
Giant Con Co.. 81% 83
Msrorlt : 3ft 3>,i
Kugar Storks—
Hana S P Co.. 9 91'
Haw C & S Co 88% 89
Honokaa S Co. 33V4 234
Hutch S P Co. 26% 27
Kilauea S Co. 21% 22»i
Makaweli S Co 48% 49U
Onomea S Co.. 2SU —
Paauhau S Co. 31% 32
M'«ceManeous
Al Pack Assn. 117^119
Cal Fruit Ans. 104&105
Mer Ex A»«tt.! — urn
Oceanic 8 Co.. 94\i 95
Pac A F A.... r _i
|Pao C Bor Co. ISO —
Par Paint Co. 10 — .
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGE
. . BOARD.
Morhlns Session.
Board — .
70 Hana Plantation C 0...... 9 25
100 Makaweli Sugar C 0..................... 45 75
60 Paauhau S P C 0.... 3175
90 Paauheu S P C 0... si sm
28 8 F Gas & Electric Co .....60 50
¦ . 2 S F Gas &• Electric Co... .......¦..•..., jt <iq
SO S F Gas & Electric Co, s 10.......... 50 60
• : Street— "
$5000 Los Angeles Railway 55..... ..;....., 104 23
60 Paauhau S P Co — — .......... 31 62,4
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
.Board— .
400 Anaconda ...;.. .43
230 Barker Ranch 1 15
200 Home Oil- .........; 3 83
100 Home Oil. b 30....;...................:.... 3 95
MO Home Oil 3 90
135 Petroleum Center ..;..".. 35
Shipping Intelligence.
Chicago Grain Market.
ARRIVED,
Saturday. April 14.
Stmr Arcata. Reed, 4S hours from Coos Bay.
Stmr Aberdeen. Higsins, 24 hours from Eu-
Stmr Newsboy. Walvig. 20 hours from Usal.
Stmr Alcazar, Fagerlund, 40 hours from Ga-
Stnir Jeanle. Nelson. 106 hours from Comox.
Stmr Navarro, Jensen. 12 hours from Bowens
Landing.
U S stmr Mannlnir. Roberts. 96 days from
New York, via San Diego 60 hours.
Br stmr Tartar, Pybus, 30 days from' Manila,
via Nagasaki 20 days.
Br ship Kensington, Borland. 74 days from
Newcastle. Australia.
Bark Annie Johnson, Nelson. 13 days from
Whaling bark John & Winthroo. Macomber,
from sea, on account of having too much cargo
on deck, causing vessel to be topheavy.
Bktn Jane L Stanford. Johnson. IS days from
Honolulu.
Schr Bessie X, Nelson. 92 hours from Co
qullle River. . -"
Schr Laura Pike. Johnson. 6 days from Eu-
Schr J B Leeds, Nielsen, 3 days from Eu-
Yacht Rover, Flthian. 13 days from Honolulu.
CLEARED.
Saturday. April 14.
1 Stmr Queen. Jensen, Victoria and Port
Townsend: Goodall. Perkins & Co.
Ft bark Emllie Galllne, Hattevin. , Queens
town; G W McNear.
• Ship Oriental. "Parker. Bristol Bay; Alaska
Packers' Association.
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander, San Diego;
Goodall, Perkins & Co. •
Stmr Pomona, Parsons. Eureka; Goodall.
Perkins & Co. ... . ,
Schr Kodiak, Scheel, Unalaska; Alaska Com
mercial Co.
SAILED,
Saturday, April 14.
Stmr Pomona.' Parsons.' Eureka. .
Stmr Robert Dollar, Elle-fsen. Seattle.
Stmr W H Kruger, Krog, Tillamook.
Stmr Point Arena. Hanaen. Mendocfno.
Ship Bohemia. Whalman. Bristol Bay.
Ship Taeoma. Pedersen. Bristol Bay.
Ger ship H F Glade. Haesloop. Queenstown.
Whaling bark Alaska. Cocan. whallns.
Schr Archie and Fontle. SklDDer. .
Schr Amethyst. Zimmerman. Waldport.
Schr Carrie and Annie. Mordant. Nome.
Schr Impossible. Low. Point Reyes.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, April 14; 19 p m— Weather
hazy; wind NW, velocity 20 miles.
DISASTER
Stmr Laguna. hence. April 6. went ashore on
the 11th inst In the breakers at Tillamook. It is
expected she will be floated.
MEMORANDUM,
Per bark Annie Johnson, from Hllo— The bktn
S G Wilder was to sail Asrll 2 and the bark
Amy Turner and shins John McDonald and
Henry Villard were in port.
Per bktn Jan« L Stanford— April 8, at 33 43 N.
lon 13S 20 W. experienced heavy gale from SSE.
during which the main masthead was twisted
and mainsail fr»llt.
MISCELLANEOUS
SEATTLE, April 14— Stmr Lakme has been
in collision with Br ship Queen Elizabeth, from
Port Townsend for Port Btakeley. In tow near
Port Townsend. Quite badly damaged, but ex
tent not yet known.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE— Arrived Asril M— Stmr Al-Kl
from Ekaeuay.
Sailed April 13— Stmr City of Seattle, for
Skaguay. April 14 — Stmr Mackinaw, for San
Francisco. " •
PORT TOWNSEND- Arrived April 11— Brig
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — 4 84%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 BSV4
Sterling Cables — 4 W', 3
New York Exchange, sight — |V
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 20
Fine Silver, per ounce — ¦ 58^
Mexican Dollars i.'n 43
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— The H. F. Glade tAk<:s tor Cork 62.
337 ctls. valued at $«2,330.
The Chicago market showed iItUC change,
being dull and depressed, owing largely to fine
weather. Broomhall cabled a strong Argentlr.^
market, but predicted a large Increase on p.i -
sage. Later on the market Ix-camo firtntr lii
sympathy with Corn.
Spot Wheat— Shipping. 96K®2';He; ..frillies.
CALL BOARD SALES
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— December— £
Ctls, $1 0414. May— 2ooo, 96Hc.
Second Session— May — 4000 ctls. SC'^o.
Regular Morning Session— Ma >— i\/fl ctlß,
BARLEY— The market is du!i at previous.
prlies.
Feed. 75c for Xo. 1 and «®?24c for cC
grades; Brewing and Shipping grades. SOtr
87& c; Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES
Informal SesMon — 9:15 o'clock — No sates. . .
Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
OATS— The situation shows no further change.
White. $1 lo@l 30: Red. 95c<8»l 17'^; Gray,
$107H'gll5; Black. $I@l 05.
CORN— The market is higher and firm at the
advance, with an Improved demand.
Eastern While Is quoted at $1 r-S'<9l 07"4 per
ctl and Eastern Yellow at $1 12?A@1 1?H per ctl;
mixed. $1 12H per ctl.
RYE— SS«T97hc per ctl.
•BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR-Callfornla family extras. $3 60®3 75,
usual terms; bakers' extras, $3 40®3 50; Oregon
and Washington, $2 25®3 per barrel.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. J2 75 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal. $2 50; Rice Flour. $7; Corn Meal, $2 60;
Oat Grnats. $> 60: Hominy. $3 2503 60; Buck
wheat Flour. $484 25; Cracked Wheat, "S3 23:
Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour. $3; Rolled
Oats (barrels). $6@7 25; in sacks, $5 75@7; Pearl
Barley, $5; Split Peas. $5; Green Peas. $5 50 per
100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Hay has not changed much for several
months, and dealers say It is not likely to
change for several months more. Bran and
Middlings ctand the same.
BRAN- $12513 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SI6®I3 per ton.
FKEDSTUFFS-Rolled Barley, $15@17 per
ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill, $26@27; Jobbing,
$27 50ft28; Cocoanut Cake, $20tf?21; Corn Meal,
$23 Eo®24; Cracked Corn. $24©24 60; Mixed Feed,
$15 £0: Cottonseed Meal, nominal.
HAY— Wheat. $7®9 for common to good: $9 60
for choice and occasionally $10; Wheat and Oat,
$6 50©9; Oat. $6@S; Barley. $5@7; Alfalfa, $6®
7 60 per ton.
STRAW— 2O@3Sc cer bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Beans meet with some attention on speculat
ive account, but prices show no change.
BEANS— Bayos. $3g3 25; small White. $3 25®
3 50; large White, $3 20®3 25; Pink, $2 25@2 90;
Red, $3 50®3 75; Blackeye, $4 60; Butters, nomi
nal; Lima, $5 25; Pea, $3 40®3 50; Red Kidneys,
$3 6004. ,_
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, 4>,4@4%c; Flax. $1 9032 20; Canary.
3Hc per lb for California and 4c for Eastern;
Alfalfa, 9®loc; Rape, 2%@3c; Hemp, 4@4Hc;
Timothy, 4S4Hc
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $1 W®2 25; Green. $1 90
®2 25 i.er ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Onions are firm at the high prices. Potatoes
continue dull and unchanged.
Peas were weaker under large supplies. As
paragus sold rather higher. Other Vegetables
sold about the same.
Receipts were 874 boxes Asoaragus, 4SB boxes
Rhubarb. 656 sacks Pea 3 and 133 sacks New
Potatoes.
POTATOES— EarIy Rose, 65c; River Reds,
nominal: Burbank*. 40#60c per sack: Oregon
Burbanks. 50@S5c; Sweet Potatoes. $2 23®2 35 for
Merced; New Potatoes, W*<Q2c.
ONlONS— California, ?G®7; Australian, $9®lo
per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Rhubarb, 40c@$l 23 per box;
Asparagus, $1 25<gl 50 per box for 1 No. 2 and
$1 75@2 25 for No. 1 and $2 50®2 75 for fancy
large: Green Peas,"sl«|2 per sack for common
and for Garden: String Beans. 8®10c: Cab
bage, 40050 c; Tomatoes, $I@l 75; Egg Plant,
from Los Angeles, 8@10c: Dried Okra, 32Hc per
lb: Garlic. s{f6c; Green Peppers from Los An
geles, 10@15c; Dried Peppers, 8@10c; Carrots. 25
C3sc per sack; Los Angeles Summer Squash,
$I@l 25 per box; Cucumbers, 60c@$l per dozen.
Poultry and Game.
The we»k closed with some Eastern left on
hand, and several cars fall due the first of the
week.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 10@llc for Gob
blers and 12013 c for Hens; Geese, per nalr.
$1 75<52; Goslings. $2 23@2 SO; Ducks. $4 50ff5 50
for old and $5 50@7 50 for young; Hens, $5@6;
Young Roosters, $« 50®7; Old Roosters. $4 23
©5; Fryers. $3 50®6; Broilers, $4 50@5 for
Urge and $2 50«3 60 tor small; Pigeons. $1 75®
2 per dozen for r>ld and $1 7S«J2 for Sauabs.
GAME--Hare. $1 23: Rabbits. $1 23<R1 50; Gray
Geese. $2 60; White, 50c: Brant. $1 25@1 50; Eng
lish Snipe, $2 50; Jack Snipe, $1 50.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
The close of the Easter demand, imports of
Eastern and large arrivals of domestic goods
have eased off Eggs, which, however, are not
lower. The demand was very poor yesterday.
Butter and Cheese are quiet and in ample
supply at previous prices.
BUTTEH—
Creamery— Fancy creamery. 17c; seconds. If
eie^c.
Dairy— Fancy, 15%@16c; good to choice, 14 hiQ
15c; common. 14c.
CHEESE— New. 7%@Bc; Young America, 8@
B%c: Eastern. 16617 c; Western. 15©16 c per lb.
EGGS— Quoted at Ke for store and 14%@16V4c
per dozen for ranch; Eastern, 14V^c spot
and 15& C to arrive; Oregon Eggs, 12',4®13Hc per
dozen.
Deciduous and Citrus. Fruits.
Eleven boxes : of Cherries came in and sold
at $2 tO<33 per box. - One of them was from the
river, the fathers being, from . Vacaville. :No
Blackberries were received. Strawberries were
firm at good prices. -. - . .¦•.-..¦•.¦
There was nothing new In citrus fruit
Oranges continued In slender supply.'.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS
APPLES—7S©9Oc per box for common,' $I©l 50
for rood to choice and II 75® 2 for fancy
STRAWBERRIES— S4if|B per chest for large
and $10Q15 for small berries. Receipts were 165
chests. Blackberries, from the : south,
per crate. -¦¦.¦¦¦¦:-.. 'V ?---.\~i
CITRUS, FRUITS— NaveI Oratfges. $2 25® 3 60
per box; Seedlings. $I#2; Lemons, $I®l 60
for common and $232 60 for good to choice ;
Steamer Movements.
NEW YORK. April 14.— FLOUR-Recelpts,
4«,170 barrels; exports, 17,000 barrels; firmly
held, but quiet. Winter patents. $3 70@4;
etraxts, $3 4553 so; extras, $2 60@2 95; winter
low grades. $2 25<&2 40; Minnesota patents, $3 70
@3 95; bakers', $2 K^{3.
WHEAT— Receipts. 94.300 bushels; exports,
252.000 bushels. Market strong; No. 2
red, X> 7 »e f. <>. b. afloat; No. 2 red elevator,
77"(!<\ Options— Weaker for a time after the
opening through Southwest celling, but later
fully recovered in sympathy with corn and pro
visions. Shorts were uotxl buyers on the rise.
The holiday abroad checked foreign trade and
export business. Closed firm at 'ie advance on
May to 'ie decline on late months. May,
73 »-16<573 IJ-16c, closed 737*0; July closed 73Hc;
September closed 74c.
HOP?— Steady. State common to choice, 1556
crop, Ifi sc; 1599 crop. lWaiSc: Pacific Coast. 1536
crop. 3Q5c: 1599 crop, K«sl2c.
HIDES— Firm. Galveston, 20 to 23 oounds,
W?c: California, 21 to 23 pounds, 21 He; Texas
dry, 2« to 30 pounds, 15c.
WOOL— Dull. Domestic fleece, n^CSc; Texas,
15? ISc.
COFFEE— Rio, spot, nominal; No. 7 invoice,
7 T te: No. 7 Jobbing. B*gc; mild, steady; Cordova,
S>fc«?l4<\
SUGAR— Raw, firm; fair refining, 4c; centri
fugal, tfi test, 4 l £e; molasses sugar, 3 9-16 c.
Refined, firm: standard A. 4.95 c; confectioners'
A. 4.45 c: mold A. s.4<>c: cut leaf, 5.55 c; crushed.
5.5-">c; powdered, 5.25 c; granulated, 5.15 c; cubes,
5.30 c. *
BUTTER — Receipts. 14.000 packages; weak.
Western creamery. 16^6 19c; factory. 14@16c.
EGGS— Receipts. 13. m packages; firm. Stor
age Western, 12V2C; regular packing, 12t?12V«c
at mark.
DRIED FRUITS.
Business was > - cry quiet in evaporated apples
owing to the eemi-holiday conditions prevailing.
California dried fruits were dull and nominal.
STATE EVAPORATED APPLES— Common.
4^'gsc: prime, 5-\4j6c; choice, 7@7Vic; fancy,
CALIFORNIA DRIED PRUNES— 3V£@7c per
pound.
APRICOTS— RoyaI. 13®15c; Moorpark, 15@18c.
PEACHES— PeeIed, Isig22c; unpeeled. 7'.4@9c.
Nezv York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, April 14.— The brokers' price
for lead was $4 45 and for copper $17 25@17 £0.
SUNDAY, APRIL 13.
rect operation South America has drawn on the
United States In liquidation of an English debt.
The closing of Important/ stock exchanges here
and abroad for two days last week, of course,
deferred developments that might otherwise
have come to a head, but some bankers figure
that the rise in sterling will not Justify ex
ports until a figure of 4.R9 is reached. The
outlook aw respects gold phlpments Is not creat
ing apprehension. On the contrary, banking
interests are Indifferent and point out that if
actual exports follow the incident will merely
reveal the financial strength of the United
States. During the week Just ended money was
drawn from New York to interior points and
domestic exchange is at a discount in many
cities, whereas it ruled at a decided premium
only two weeks ago.
Imports at Us£ew Yah,
NEW YORK. April 14— The imports of dry
goods at the port of New York this week
amounted to $2,161,064, and the imports of gen
eral merchandise to $7,624.40?.
The imjxirts of specie during the week were
$15,900 in gold and $53,221 in silver. The ex
ports were $520,220 in gold and $510,120 in silver!
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. April 14.— T0-day's statement
of the Treasury balances In the general fund,
exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve, shows:
Available cash balance, $li>o,l64,O'j'j; gold, $90.
047,271.
selected feeders. $4 2004 90: mixed stockers,
$3 40@3 90; cows, J3@4 60; heifers, $3 10@4 65;
canners, $2©2 80; bulls, $2 70@4 25; calves. $4 50
*» 7 ,, 25 - Texans— Texas feeders. $4@5 25; Texas
bulls. $3 25©3 75.
HOGS— Receipts. 12,000; estimated Monday,
2S.OO0; left over, 2500. Generally 5c to 10c higher.
Top. $5 80; mixed and butchers, $4 50@4 75; good
to choice heavy, $5 60@5 80; rough heavy, $5 43
®S 00; light. $4 50©5 65; bulk of sales, $5 «0@
0 60.
SHEEP— Receipts. 1500. Sheep and lambs
pnerally steady. Good to choice wethers, $6©
6 60: fair to choice mixed. $5@6; Western sheep.
am 40: yearlings, $6@6 60: native lambs, $5 50
©1 £0; Western lambs, $6(g7 50.
Northern Wheat tilarkct*
OREGON.
PORTLAND, April 14. — WHEAT— WaIIa
Walla, E4gssc; vallej'. 54c; blue stem, 57c.
WASHINGTON,
TACOMA, April 14.— Wheat market, quiet and
steady: quotations nominally unchanged; blue
Etetn. 56c; club, 54c.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND. Or., April 14.— Exchanges. $234,
7G9; balances. $42,181.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, April 14.— Silver, 27% d. French
Rentes, lOlf 50c(S101f 47^c.
Mexican Limes. $4 60©6: California Llmes.f ;
Bananas. $1 25®2 60 per bunch; Pineapples,' $i®s
per dozen. •
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, In sackg. 4®4}jc for
40-50' s, 3%@4c for 60-60's, JH<s for 60-70' g, 314 c
for 70-80's. J©3&e for SO-90's and 2fcc for 90
100's; Apricots. U®l2Hc for Royals, 32V4@15c
for Moorparks and 12@13%c for Blenheims;
Peaches, sH€6c for Standards, 6H36\ C for
choice and I@Se for fancy; Peeled Peaches. 10®
12Hc- Evaporated Apples, 6@7c; Sun-dried 6®
6%c per lb; Nectarines, B@9c: Pears. 3H«4^c
for dark and 7@Sc for bright halves; Black
Figs. 2®2Hc; White Figs 2@3c; Bleached
Plums. g©9c: unbleached Plums, 7®7i<c for
pitted and lHc for unpltted.
RAlSlNS— Bleached Thompson's— Fancy, per
lb 10c; choice. 9c; standard, 8c; prime.' 6c; un
bleached Thompson's per lb. 6c. Sultanas—
Fancy per lb. BV4c; choice, 7V4c; standard, 6^c
prime.' 6c; unbleached Sultanas. 6c; Seedless,
50-lb boxes. 6c; 2-crown, loose Muscatels 5%c;
3-cro«n. 6lic: 4-crown. 7c; London Layers.
2-crown. $1 50 per box: 3-crown. $1 60. Fancy
Ousters, $2; Dehesa. $2 60; Imperial. $3. AH
prices are f. o. b. at common shipping points
in California. _
NUTS— Walnuts. B@3c for standard? and
9@loc for softshells; Almonds. U%3i2c for
pape- shell. 9®loc for soft and 4@sc for hard
ehell" Peanuts. 6%®6%c for Eastern and 6c
for- California; Brazil Nuts. 7V4@Sc; Filberts.
12®12%c: Pecans, ll<?13c: Cocoanuts. $4 60@6.
HONEY— Comb. HH@l*c for bright and 10Hg>
lie for light amber; water white extracted,
7%c: light amber extracted. 7>4®7}4c; dark,
6H©6c per lb.
BEESWAX— 2I®26c per lb.
Provisions.
Firmness characterizes the market and some
dealers are preparing to advance prices for
Hams, Bacon and Lard shortly. .j
CURED MEATS — Bacon. 10^c per lb for
heavy. 10Ho for light medium. 1114 c for light,
12Hc for extra light and 14c for sugar cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 13@14c: Mess Beef,
$12 per bbl; extra Mess, $13; Family, $14; extra
Prime Pork. *14 50@15: extra clear. $19; Mess
$16 50: 3moked Beef. 12%@13c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 7@Sc per lb for
compound and B@SHc for pure; half barrels
Dure B%c: 10-Ib tins, 9V«c; 6-lb tins, 10c.
COTTOLENE-Tierces, B@S^c per lb; 10-lb
tins, 9Hc- .. '
Hides, Talla ;i Wool and Hops.
Prices for all d,r, ;••.". v'.'ons remain as before.
HIDES AND &% -.-Culls and brands sell
about lc under quou, (l '(hs. Heavy Salted Steers,
10@llc: medium, »W. 'light, 9ff9^c; Cowhides,
9©9% c; Stags, 7c: Sa'.t,ed Kip, 9®9i4c; Calf, 10c;
Dry HHe*. souni, liTlSc, culls , and brands.
Iff fry Kip and Veal, lC@l*e; Dry Calf, 133
50-.. vhcepsklns, *b*.arl!nes, Isjf2Cc each; short
Wo.--}' .' ! 5#CCc ?ach; medium. 7u5900: long- Wool
$I@V3S each: H^rse Hdles, $2 ?.V,(3 for large
u:i<3 $1 25<S1 73 for air.all: Colt*. 15@50c. Deer
SWin*— Sujnir.er or red skins. *0e: fall or medi
vti skins, SJc; wtnfer or ic)n Kklni. 20c. Goat
Skins— Prime An.-;c.-<i3, 75c;' 'large and smooth,
DCc; medium, ttc.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. CtfSHc per lb; No.
*. 4ST»He; r*flned, Vfyc; grease. IM^ie.
WCOL— Spring clip is quotable ts follows:
Northern free, 16® 18c; Northern defective. 13©
c; Middle County, free, 15@:"c: Middle
County, 'iefectlvi*. lif;lsc; Southern Mountain,
12 months'. 12@14c; a^, free, J months', 12515 c;
<10. defective. 1 months', 18gl!c: Humboldt and
M"!fulcc!no, r&s23e; Nevada, 16#18c ier lb.
HOPS— *V4eioc per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Arr^a'.-« of Hogs r.-Minue li«ht ynd prices
rule (flrai. : Mutto-i ta ' easy and !r. sufficient
ivry<y- VeH Is rathfr we^k '.han ctherwise.
b££ir<rsfiS%a P««' 'b tor fair to choice.
VI a;>-ms®9»s rer lb.
Ml?'"i-oM— Wethers, 7©7Hc; ewes, «;4@7c per
* LA Mi— Spring, »#9U« P«r lb.
rOKJC-Liv* Hess. 5%©6 c for fir all and me
dium ar.l S'tiJMio for large; stock Hogs and
feeders, l%ff6%SiltGt*MM6 Hogs, 7©S&c.
General Merchandise.
BAGS— San Q-jentin Bags, to 65; Calcutta
(train Bags. «=4O6Hc: Wool Bass. SSVi@S2V4c;
Fi^er* Twine. Ttte.
CO.vL,~">VeU::^ton, $8 per ton; new Welling
ton, $8; Southfleld Wellington. $7 60; Seattle.
$6 50; Bryant, $6 50; Coos Bay, $5: Wallsend $?•
Co-operative Wallsend. $8: Cumberland $12 in
bulk and $13 25 in sacks; Pennsylvania An
thracite Egg. $14; Cannel. $11 per ton; Coke. $15
per ton In bulk and $17 In sacks; Castle Gate
and Rock Spring*.- $8 46 per 2000 lbs.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes per lb In 100-lb bags: Cubes a
Crushed and Fine Crushed. 6.60 c; Powdered
6.uoc; Candy Granulated. 6.20 c: Dry Granulated'
6.10 c; Confectioners' A, 6.10 c; Magnolia A, 4 70c-
Extra C, 4.60 c; Golden C, 4.50 c; barrels, lOc
more; half -barrels, 25c more; boxes, 50c more;
60-lb bags, 10c more. No orders taken for Uqp
than 75 barrels or its equivalent. Domlnos.'
half -barrels, S.S5c; boxes, 6.10 c per lb.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR SATURDAY. APRIL 14.
Flour, qr sks 31.605 phorts, sks 237
Wheat, ctls 64.980 Sugar, bbls 13f>
Barley, ctls 17,253 Wool, bag 5......... 332
Oats, ctls 1,155 Hops." bales 60
Corn, East, ctls. 600 Leather, r0115.... 191
Corn, ctls.. 475] Hides, No 653
Cheese, ctls 150|P.elts. bdls 340
Butter, ctls 1,093 Lime, bbls 863
Tallow, ctls 301IQulckslI%er, fisks 93
Beans, sks 883 Wine, gals 50,900
Potatoes, sks 247|Eggs, doz 48,380
Bran, sks l,7lo>Hay. tons 511
Middlings, sks... to Straw, t0n5....... 5
Eugar, sks 3.3101
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks 2.8401
OGDEN. < J .
Flour, qr sks 4,201 ; " "
Silver unchanged.
Wheat and Barley about the same.
Corn higher and firm. Oats and Rye unchanged.
Hay, Feedstuff s and Beans as previously quoted.
Onions scarce and firm. Potatoes plentiful and zvcak.
Butter and Cheese unchanged. Eggs quieter and easier.
Some Eastern Poultry left on hand at the close.
More Cherries arrived. Berries firm.
Oranges continue firm and scarce. Lemons and Limes quiet.
Prospects for a further advance in Provisions.
Hides, Wool and Hops unchanged.
Beef and Mutton easy. Pork firm.
Bank clearings about the same as last year.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Tanner, hence March 31: schr Spokane, from
Hllo: stmr Umatllla. hence April 11; schr
Queen, from Klawack.
Sailed April 14— Brig Tanner, for Uhatcom:
schr Corona, for Honolulu; schr fcpokane. for
Port Gamble. .. „
PORT LOS ANGELES— SaiIed April 14— L S
stmr Adams, for ; Br bark Lakemba, for
Puret Sound.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived April 11— schr Spo
kane, from Hi! x
CRESCENT ClTY— Sailed April 13. at 13 m—
Stmr Aloha, for San Francisco.
CASPAR— Arrived ADril 11— Stmr Cleone. hnc
April 13.
FISH ROCK— Arrived April 13— Schr Nettia
Sundbors. hence April 11.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived ADril 13— Schr Annia
Larsen. from. Taeoma. April 11— Schr Marion,
from Taeoma.
WHATCOM— Arrived April 11— Brlff Tanner,
from Port Townsend.
TACOM A— Sailed Asrtl ll— Schr Prcsoer. for
Bristol Bay; schr W F Wltzemann. for Saa
Francisco.
ASTORlA— Arrived ADril 14— Br stmr Bel
gian King. henc» April 11; Ger ship Najade.
from Narasakt.
Palled April 14— Tug Samson, with barga
Washougal in tow. for San Francisco.
EUREKA— Arrived April 14— Stmr North
Fork, for San Francisco.
FORT ROSS-Sailed April 11— Schr Man* C.
for. San Francisco.
MENDOCINO— Sailed April 11— Schr Reliance.
for Sr.n Francisco.
BOWEXS LANDING— SaiIed April 14— Schrs*
Newark and Mary Etta, for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
HONGKONG— Arrived rrtor to April 14— Br
stmr Breconshire. from Victoria: stmr City of
Peking, hence March 15; Br stmr Fathan. frora
Taeoma.
COLON— Arrived ADril 11— Br stmr Athos.
from New York.
Sailed April 11— Stmr Finance, for New York.
ANTWERP— In port April 2— Br ship Albyn.
for San Francisco.
FLEKTWOOD— Arrived April 12— Br ship
Royal Forth, from Oregon.
GALWAY— Arrived April 10— Br bark Forfar
,shire, from Oreson.
HULL— Arrived ADril 12— Er ship Lord
Claims. henc<? Dec 16.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived ADril 12— Br shlD Alic»
A Leiyh. from Taeoma.
LONDON — Arrived April 12— Fr bark Mac-
Mahon. hence Nov 10.
GUAYAQUIL— SaiIed March 28— Isis. for .
CAPE TOWN— In port March 13— Br ship So
koto. for San Francisco, via Newcastle. AQsl
NEWCASTLE, NSW— In port March 25— Br
ship Sir Robert Fernie. for Pan Franei3co.
PANAMA— Arrived ADril 3— Stmr Ac^pulco,
hence Marc hlO.
Sailed March 2S— Stmr Costa R!ra. for Man
zanillo. March 23— Stmr Peru, for San Fran
cisco.
OCEAN STEAMERS
NEW YORK— Arrived ADril ll— Stnsr Ne^r
York, from Southampton.
Sailed April 14— Stmr Maasdam. for Rotter
dam, via Boulogne; stmr Pennsylvania, for
Hamburg, via Plymouth and Cherbourg: stmr
Island, for Copenhagen, etc; stmr Etruria. for
Liverpool.
HALlFAX— Arrived Acril Is-Stmr Tunisian.
from Liverpool.
HONGKONG— Arrived prior to April 14— Stmr
City cf Peking, from San Francisco; stmr Pa
than, from Tasoma, etc: stmr Gaelic, from San
Francisco, etc. for Hongkong.
SOUTHAMPTON— SaiIed Arrll 14— Stmr St
Paul, for New York, via Cherbourg.
LIVERPOOL— Sailed April 14— Stmr Ivernia.
for New York; stmr Vancouver, for Montreal.
ANTWERP— SaiIed Aspril I»— Stmr Nordlan.l.
for New York.
BOULOGNE— Arrived April 14— Stmr Spaarn
dam. for Rotterdam, from New York.
RREMEN-Saile.l April 14— Stmr K.-ienlgen
Luisc for New York.
HAVRE— Sailed Asril 14— Stmr La Touraine.
for New York.
berger. lot on NW corner of Telegraph ayenue
and Dwjght way, N 135 by.W 50, being portion
of lot 4, block 6. map of property of College
Homestead Association. Berkeley: $10.
John and Sadie Armstrong to Cleon Kilbum.
lot on E »ne of lot 14. block 3. Berkeley View
Homestead, 42 S from NE corner of said lot
14, S 42. W 160. N 42. E 160 to beginning, being
portions of lots 13 and 14. block 3. map of
Berkeley View Homestead Association. Berke
ley; $ .
L. G. and Mary I. Burpee and J. S. and Mary
I. Myers to Charles and Dora B. Miller, lot on
S corner of East Tenth street and Fourth ave
nue, SE 120 by SW 30, block 8. Clinton, East
Oakland: $10.
Mary L. McClellan to R. B. and Clifford Me-
Clellan. lot on N line of McKee street. 100 W
of Occidental. W 100 by N 270. being lots 5. «,
11 and 12. block I. Paradise Park. Oakland;
gift.
John R. and Gertie B. Perkins to Daniel Mc-
Glone. lot on W line of Grant street. 85 S of
Berkeley way. S 40 by W 100. being the S 40
feet of lots J and X on map of subdivision
portion ranges 5. 6 and 7, Hardy Tract. Berks
ley (subject to mortgage): $10.
Amelia and James R. Lee to David W. and
Sarah E. Barr, lot on SE line of Hawley ave
nue. 130 SW of Buenaventura street. SW 50
by SE 150, being lot 4. block G, Buenaventura
Tract. Brooklyn Township; $10.
Sophia Coates to Nlss Christiansen, lot 7.
Portland Park. Brooklyn Township; $10.
Francis J. McQuilkin to Thomas Moran. lots
28 and 27. block 90. Oakland: $10.
MINING STOCKS.
The following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Caledonia ..;...! 30 200 Hale & Noi\... 37
100 Challenge 23 100 Overman 24
200 Confidence ..... 95
The following were the sales In the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Andes 11l 700 Mexican ....... 37
700 Belcher 31 200 Overman 24
300 Chollar 15 1000 Overman 26
700 Con Cal & Va..l 751 900 Potosi .- 31
3700 Con Imperial... 02 200 Sierra Nevada. 54
200 Gould & Curry. 29 700 Yellow Jacket. 35
100 Hale & N0r.... 37
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
SATURDAY, April 14-^-12 m.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Alpha 04 Oo'Justice* 05 07
Alta 05 06 Kentuck 01 02
Andes 11 13 Lady Wash.... — 05
Belcher 32 33 Mexican 37 3S
Best & Belcher 30 31 Occidental 13 16
Bullion OS 04 Ophlr 80 81
Caledonia. 1401 60 Overman 26 2T
Chollar 14 15 Potosi 30 31
Challenge Con.. 22 23 Savage 13 15
Confidence 94 96 Scorpion — 02
Con Cal & Va..l 75 180 Seg Belcher.... 04 05
Con Imperial... 01 02 Bierra' Nevada. 64 55
Con New York. 03 —Silver Hill 19 20
Eureka Con — 50St. Louis — 1*
Crown Point... 21 2ijStandard 810 —
Exchequer 02 C4|Syndlcate — 12
Gould & Curry 23 3u Union Con 12 13
Hale & Nor 33 40 1 Utah- 12 13
Julia — 03; Yellow Jacket. 31 35
Associated 'Banks' Statement.
NEW TOHK. April 14.— The Financier says
The statement «t the Associated lianks of
New York City for the week ending April 14 Is
more in accord with known facts regarding cur
rent operation* than the exhibit of a week ago.
The heavy gains In tafh, due to treasury dis
bursements, are reflected In the Increase ot bljc
million* specie and legal tenders, although the
detailed ttau-m«-nt of individual institutions
fhowe that thin money, tor the mo*t part, has
lx-<-n abs>orb*-d by one or two larger Jn*tl tut lone.
The expansion of SG, 108,200 in loans is only mod
erate constdeftng the activity !n epeculatkin
a.nd the borrowisc in this market *>n hypothe
cated securities and on sterling. The deposit
account rose $H.&33,Vi0 as the result of the cafch
and loan increase*, end thin explains why. In
the face Of a ra*h c»ln of over six millions,
th<* eurpluK reserve is only about three million*
htpher than a week ag-o. National bank circu
lation show? a Kteariy expansion and the total
r.otee cf banks outstanding now reaches $21,029,-
SOCL It 1* «;uile probable that the full limit has
not l<e*>n reached in ,this respect and that a
heai-y Increase will Jv» made before six months
elapte. The pro«r>ect« «t present favor a con
tinued easy merket and this In turn Invited at
tention to the Fharp advance in sterling ex
change, the probability of which was hinted
at in this an&lyslfl two weeks ago. No gold
Las been forwarded to Europe, but by an lndi-
TO SAIL.
STEAMER TARTAR
WILL LEAVE
WEDNESDAY. April 18,
Fop VICTORIA AND SEATTLE,
First cIass— VICTORIA $10.00. Second, WO
First cIass— SEATTLE $11.00. Second. $6.00
— For Tickets apply at —
OTTINGER'S Ticket Of flee, CO Market street.
AMERICAN LINE.
KEW TORS. SOUTHAMPTON, IOXDOK, PIBX3.
stopping at Cherbourg, westbound
Frcm New York every Wednesday, 19 a. m.
New York April 1? New York May 9
St. Paul April 25 St. Paul May 14
St. Louis May 2 St. Louis.™ Maya
RED STAJ? LINE.
New Yortc arjd Antwara.
From New York every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Westemland ...April ISfFriesland May 9
Kensington April 2Si Southwark May H
Noordland May 21 Westernland ....May 23
LMPIRE LINE
S. S. Ohio, from San Francisco May 13 and
from Seattle May 24, to Nome and St. Michael.
Subsequent sailings June 30. July 31. August 30.
First and second class passage. No steerage.
For full information regarding freight and
passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
20 Montgomery st.. or any of its agents.
TOYO KISJN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets. 1 p. in.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
SS. NIPPON MARC
Wednesday. April ISth. IV)
SS. AMERICA M A RU.. Saturday. May 13th. 130 a
SS. HONGKONG MART 7
Thursday. June 14th. 130Q
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rataa. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market at., corner First.
W. H. AVERY. General Agent.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
From So»ar-street "^'narf at 10 a, m,
CADE £>2 First Class Including Berth
IAnL $3 Second Class and ileaia.
COLUMBIA sails April 3
Short Line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General Agent,
630 Market st.
GOODALL. PERKINS A CO..
Superintendents.
TO ARRIVE.
OCEAN TBAVEZt.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
1 Steamers leave Broadwa/
hfc. wharf, San Francisco:
V^y j.- or Alaskan ports— lo "». m..
WfrwSjNK April 16. 21. '-"3: May 1. Ch.ir.c »
tfljy*!x3»>. t,i company's steamers at Se-
t^s^S^»a For Victor. a. Vancouver iV.
Isb^KjCc^il C > Port Tnwcsend, Seattle.
Taeoma. Everett, Anacortea
1 a nd New Whatcom (Wash )—
jo a . m., April IS. 21. 26; May
1 and every fifth day thereafter; ehanp at Se-
attle to this company's steamers for Alaska ami
G. N. Ry. : at Taeoma to N. P. Ry. ; at v an-
couver to C. P. Ry. ... ?
For Eureka. Huroboldt Bay —10 a. m.. Apr.l
14. 19, 24. 23; May 4 and every fifth day there-
* For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Cay-
ucos. Port Harford (San Luis Obispo). Gaviota.
Santa Barbara Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro.
Ea3t San Pedro <Los Angeles) and Newport— J
a. m.. April 13. 17. 21. 23. 23; May 4 and ever/
fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Tlarfom
(San Luis Obtsvo). Santa Barbara. Port" 1 Loa
Anceies and Redondo (Los Angeles)— ll a. m..
April 15. 13. 23. 27; May 1 and every fourth da/
thereafter. " _
For Ensenacla. Masdalena Bay. San Jose d»l
Cabo Maxatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Ro3aiif*
and Gua>-mas (Mexico)— lu a. m., 7th cf each
month*
For further Information obtain company*
folder.
The company reserves the right to Chans'*
steamers, sailing dates and hours of saiUng
TICKET OFFIUti-4 New Montgomery,
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS A CO.. Gen. Agent*.
Sun rises 5:33
Sun sets 6:43
Moon rises 0:00 p. m.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Charters.
The G«crg« Curtis loads merchandise for
Honolulu.
The Falls of Garry loads lumber at Moody-
Vfila for t-y&nty, 4Ss; John Cooke, wheat at
Portland for Europe «0a; Lord Tempi eteywn,
..'jniber at San Francisco and Port Gamble for
Cape Town, lump sum.
Bank Clearings.
Local bank clearings last week were $19,638.
tSI, agaii^t $13.495,K,1 for the same week last
year.
Coin Certificates.
Gorverr.sEent Coin Certificates In circulation
K&rcb 21 were as follows:
IS?3. 1900.
Golfl $32,«32,641 $173,642,831
F!!v«r 235.574.006 403,043.353
Treasury 54,075,7C1 M.650.059
ToUl $^5.542,2G6 $661,336,269
There was a net decrease last month of
t",€24.O'X> In Oold certificates In circulation and
J1.255.0X' in Treasury notes and a net increase
cf I2,Hi<,(KQ in Silvf-r certificates.
Mexican Specie.
Receipts of specie from Mexico at this port,
principally by rail, for the quarter ending
ilarch Cl compare as follows:
1599. 1900.
EUVCT dollars $^..620 $t149.732
Silver b-Jllion 255.511 351.5. r 4
Gcid bullion 223,411 104,822
Total $^4,572 $1,636,108
Italian-American Bank.
Tr.f Flockholders cf the Italian-American
Tiar.k held their first annual meeting on the
Uth. A dividend ot the rate cf « per cent per
tnnam interest for the last quarter was de
ctared. payable April 16. The following officers
snd directors were re-clecfd: President, A.
£barboro; vice president, Henry J. Crocker;
ta?h!T and socrtn ary, A. E. Sharboro; attor
r.ey. I>. KreifJenrich, and P. C. Rosyl. A. Merle,
Dr. P. <i? Veochi. C. A. Malm. Thomas J.
Welsh. P. liarbieri and il. J. Fcntana, direc
t :-.
Government Income and Outgo.
For the first nine months of the fiscal year
the Government receipts compare as follows:
IS3S-98. IS3S-00.
Oi.norr.s .....slnl.fli\o*7 $177,9C7,€54
Internal revenue' 201.Z99.56l 220.056.4JS
Miscellaneous 25.354.750 :3,119,;3j
Total f"^.444.42S $427,163,702
Tin? disbursements for the E&me Interval
compare as follows:
ISSS-9S. 18S3-00.
Civil J7"..7«1.620 $75.W6.5«2
Wsr 1i*4.705.377 10C.9R5.001
Navy iO.S'CCM 41,697.757
InJians 10.232.780 T.gSC.r.*
1 eneions I'-<\.VL3.975 106.91?,9*i
IntoreEt 2J.a"4,523 31.43,954
Tcui $407,502,303 $T2,561,853
Money in Circulation.
According to a treasury statement the money
la circulation in the United States on April
3 was as follows:
Geld coin $512,202,690
Fllver collars C9,««5,949
Small filver 74.341,322
<Jold certificate* 173,642,551
Filver certiflcates 403,043,358
Treasury not»s 84,650.059
T'nlted States notes 222.502.644
Currency certificate* 14.335.000
National bank notes 267,157,624
Total $2,021,274,506
In ISJS 1,9?7,540.942
Increase $9:,427,L64
The principal charges in March were an In
crease of ?:,2<>o.<f">i in national bank notes,
J4.OW>,<K« in United States, $3,000.00 in silver
certificates, ar.<l decrease of $7,024,000 in gold
certif.cites. Xt» circulation on April I, 1900,
»v %2i 12 per capita, the highest yet reached.
Weather Report
O2oth Meridian-Pa c'.Sc Time.)
BAN FRANCISCO, Ajril U—o p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of same date
last eeaeon and rainfalls in the last 14 hours:
Last This Last
Station! — 24 hours, season, season.
Eureka fl.'* 47. 3? 21.55
Bed Bluff 0-02 20.53 is.g?
Facramento 0.00 1fi.40 13.91
Fan Francisco 0.00 it. S3 Io.ZS
Freyno <"-00 7. 35 6.76
Independence P.OO 2.75 1.16
Han Luis Obifj>o 0.00 15.26 14.77
Los Angeles 0.00 MS 4.79
Fan Diego POO 8.3% 4.1s
Yurca O.M 0.7S 1.34
San FranciEO data: Maximum temperature,
61; minimum, 49; mean, R>.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has rieen steadily over the
northern half of the Pacific Coast, and has
fallen iHgtUjr along the coast of Southern Cal
ifornia.
The temrierature has risen slowly over nearly
p.;: the country vrest of the Sierras. In Arizona
th«-re has bten a fall of from 8 to 14 degrees.
Light showers have fallen In Nevada, Utah
ar.d Arizona. ¦•¦ ' *¦' ...
The following maximum wind velocities are
reported: Eureka. 22 miles per hour from the
northwest, and Yuma 2S from the west.
Condition* are favorable for fair and some
what warmer weather easterly generally on the
I'acln> Coa?t.
Forecast made at San Francisco for 30 hours
ending midnight. April 55. 1900.
Northern California— Fair Sunday; light fog
In the morning along the coast; light northerly
*in>3e. , , ,
Southern California— Fair Sunday; light west
erly winds.
N>va<2a— Fair Sunday; warmer.
Utah— Fair Sunday; warmer.
Arizona— Fair, warmer Funday.
Pan Francisco and Vicinity— Fair Sunday;
light foe in the morning: light northerly
wind*. ALEXANDER G. MeADIE.
Forecast Official.
REAL ESTATE TRAN SACTIONS.
Alameda County.
Oakland Bank of Savings to Robert Dalilel
Jr.. lot on N corner of East Nineteenth street
and Fifth avenue, NE 50 by NW 150, block
122. same. East Oakland; $2700.
Jacob and Katie Muller to Henry Tountr. lot
on N line of Felton street, 250 E of Paradise.
E 60 by N 125, being lot 12, block C. Paradise
Park, Berkeley: also lot on SE corner of Felton
and Calais streets, E 50 by S 135, being lot 1,
block G. same; $10.
Robert and Marian Turnbull to Christen Jen
sen, lot on W line of Tevis street. 33 N of
Washington. N 37 by W 125. block 775, Levy
Tract. Brooklyn Township: $430.
Isaac L and Ella J. Saxton to Emma Ewlng
fwife of A.), lot on N line of Chicago avenue.
180 E of Frultvale. E SO. N 130. W 30. N 50. W
50 S ISO to beginning, being a portion of lot
17, block I, Prospect Hill Tract, Brooklyn Town
ship; 110.
Loui3 K. Monteagle to Robert Shields, lot 4;
block D Melrose Station Tract, Brooklyn
Township; $10.
Fred J. Russell (owner), J. G. and C. L.
Hauschildt (trustees) and Henry Hauschlldt
(cestuy que trust) to Vincent and Maria Rose,
lot on SW corner of Terrace avenue and an
alley 16 feet wide. S 150, W 100. N 131 to a point
on the S side of Terrace avenue, E 103 to begin
ning being lots 23 and 24, Russell and Warren
Addition to Haywards, Eden Township; $10.
John P. and Edna F. Beckett to Annie M.
Crow (wlf* of J. H.), lot on S line of Thtrty
clKhth street, 200 E of Market, E 45 by S US.
Oakland; 110. - , ,
Mary E. Gordon to Deborah Harrincton, lot
on E line of Filbert street. 94 N of Third. N
25 by E 125, Block 4SI, map of Adeline and
Market Street ¦ Homestead. Oakland; $10.
Frederick Wilkle to Joseph Wohlfrom. lot on
S line of Forty-fourth street. 265 E of West,
E 75 by SlOO, block 2003. Alden Tract at Temes
cal. Oakland; $10. _
Julia Martin (formerly Akins) to Chester E.
Powell lot on E line of Filbert street. 197 S
of West Twelfth, S 32 by E 125, being lot 29,
block E67. Oakland: $10.
R E. and Lucy C. Ragland to John C. Spen
cer lots 2 and 3, block 466, map of Gibbons'
property at Oakland Point, Oakland: $10.
John and Mary A. Mugge to game, same, Oak
land; no. ¦ ? _ ,
Axel and May Ostrom to O. K. and Anna
Hornby, lot 1 on map of subdivision 17, Glen
Echo Tract. Oakland; $10.
W. A. Chllds to Llllle F. Hobllt, undivided
half Interest in lot on W line of Grove street,
60 N of Eleventh, N 50 by W 100, block 104,
Oakland: $10.
San Francisco Savings Union to Edward C.
Sessions, lot on SW line of East Twenty-sixth
street 147:6 SE of Nineteenth aven«e. SE 30
by SW 140, block 84. map of Northern Addi
tion to Brooklyn, East Oakland: $10.
Kate Hunt (wife of Jos?eph) to same, lot on
NE line of East Twenty-fifth street. 252:6 NW
of Twenty-first avenue. NW 150 by NE 2S'j,
block 84, same, to correct 729 D 134, East Oak
land; $10. •
Mountain View Cemetery Association to Hen
ry Sevening, lot 33 in plot 35. Mountain View
Cemetery. Oakland Township; $22j.
Sarah T. and E. C. Robinson to W. C. Ma
son, lot on S line of Bancroft way, 130 W of
Fulton street, W 40 by S 130, block 14, College
Homestead Tract, Berkeley; $10.
Charles Babb to Agnes K. Irving, one acre,
bounded on the north by University . avenuo,
east by right of way of California and Nevada
Railroad, south by plat 61 and west by lands
now or formerly estate of A. C. R. Shaw, being
a portion of plat 64, Rancho V. and D. Peralta,
quitclaim deed, Berkeley; $5.
J. C. and Laura G. Stout to Bank of Alame
da, lot on S line of Blandlng avenue, 230:6^
E of Everett street, E 60 by S 150. block 4
Jenks A Mead Homestead Tract. Alameda; $25.
George W. and Hattie F. Long to Edward H.
Long, lot on E line of Union street, 225 S of
Thirty-second, S 25 by E 133, being a portion
of lot 4, block G, map of lands of Peralta.
Homestead, Oakland; $900.
Oakland Bank of Savings to Adelaide M.
Palm, lot on S line of Fourth street, IS7:S E
of Harrison E 37:6 by S 100. lot 14 and a por
tion of lot IX block 34. Oakland; $700.
M and Eliza E. Rlnehart to Morris Happ,
lot on SE line of Fifth avenue. 70 SW of East
Ninth street, SW 40 by SE 145, block 3. Clin
ton, East Oakland: $10.
Same to Arthur S. and Ida T. Ward, lot on
SE line of Fifth avenue, 110 SW of East Ninth
street, SW 40 by SE U5, block 3, Clinton, East
Oakland; $10.
Patrick J. and Mary E. Keller to MHo J.
Olmstead lot on SW line of Rose avenue. 4SO
SE of Pledmcnt, SE 30 by SW 100. being the
NW 30 feet of lot 12 on map of Keller's Rose
Park. Oakland: $10.
Frederick C. Carlsen to William T. Ross, lot
on S line of Prince street. 100 W of Calais. W
50 by S 135, being 'lot 20, block G, Harmon
Tract, Berkeley; $10. »
Harriet K. D. Palmer to Mary R. Kimball.
lot on N line of Bancroft way. 299.83 E of
Piedmont way. N 150 by E JO, portion of lot 16,
map of Benton property. Berkeley; $100.
Henry Younc to Jacob Muller, lot on S line
of Alcatraz avenue. IGO W of Paradise street.
W 50 by S 110, lot 10. block B, Paradise Park,
Berkeley: $10.
TaJlant Banking Company (corporation) to
Emllie A. Tripler, releass of mortgage given
by way of deed and reconveyance of same and
recorded In 718 D. 402, consideration $10. lot on
W corner of East Nineteenth street and Ninth
avenue NW 300. SW 30. SE 150. SW 100, SE 150,
NE ISO to becinnintr. block 107, Clinton, East
Oakland; $1.
Thomas and Annie Smith to Robert H. Rus
sell lot on SW corner of Eleventh and Clay
streets, W 100 by S 40. being lot 15 and portion
of lots 14 and 16, block 146, Oakland: $10.
James F. and Agnes Kelly to John Dooley.
lot on E line of Magnolia street. 65 S of West
Tenth. S 30 by E 120. block 547, Oakland: $10.
Abraham C. and Joseuhlne B. Freeman to
Julia G. Ring, lot on N line of Walton or
Thirty-fifth street, 431 E of Grove, E 37:6 by N
120; $10.
Margaret G. Brown to Agnes Rhodehamel.
lot beginning at a point SO S of S corner of
Eighteenth avenue and East Sixteenth street.
SW 5 by SE 125, being- a fraction of 5 feet of
lots 20 to 24, block 27, San Antonio, East Oak
land; sift.
Same to Charlotte G. Brown, lot on S corner
of Eighteenth avenue and East Sixteenth
street. SW 30 by SE 125, being portion of lots
20 to 24, block 27, San Antonio, East Oakland;
sift.
William E. Colby to Charles B. Crane, lot on
SW corner of Grove and Bristol streets. W 100
by S 123, being portion of range 1. Hardy Tract,
subject to a mortgage for $500. Berkeley: $10.
Carrie D. Holt (wife of E. J.) to Edward J.
Holt, the S 5 feet of lot 7, block 3, Fitch Tract,
Alameda: $10.
L. C. Morehouse Cexecutor of estate of Jason
Rose et al.. by John J. McDonald, commis
sioner) to Joseph Wundsch. lot on B line of
Main streeX 100:6 N of Neal. N 150:9. E 245:6.
S 150, W. 260.78 to beginning, being lots 2, 3 and
4 and S 100 feet of lots 7, 8 and N 50 feet of lots
9 and 10. block A, town of Pleasanton, Murray
Townshlr; $4300. -
Joseph and Clara Wundsch to Nettle Suth
erland", same. Murray Township; $10.
Gertrude M. Grlswold to Theresa Winter, lot .
170 In Plat 25. Mountain View Cemetery, Oak
land. Township; $262.
Therese Winter to John and Pauline Frey.
the E half of lot 170 In Piat 25, same, Oakland
Township; $146.
Mary Z. Chamberlain to Irene Coll (femme
sole) lot on S line of Haste street, a E of
Audubon street or College avenue, E 100. - S
132.93. W 50. N 2.12, -W 50, N 128.44 to begin
ning, portion lot 62. block C, map of Berkeley
property, Berkeley: $100.
(Bernard J. and Edward J. Gallagher Rnd Ag
nes M Sheerln (Gallagher) to' Daniel Best,
blocks 51 and 53, Map of Town of San Leandro,
Eden Township: grant. "
Mrs. L. E. Hensler et nl. (by commissioner)
to Robert Bacon, lot 3, block C, Golden Gate ;
Tract, Oakland; $236.
Emmy and Max Marcuse to Phil C. Cohn, lot
on N line of Falrview street. 100 W of Calais,.
W CO -by N 135, being lot 3. block F, on map of
pubdivlded Plat 53, Peralta Ranch, Berkeley;
$10.
Emeline C. Brockway to George W. Metcalf.
lot on NE corner cf Dwlght way and Shattuck
avenue, E 122,- N 90, W 123. S 90. E 8 to be
ginning, subject to mortgage. Berkeley; gift.
Realty Syndicate <a corrvsratlon) to E. W.
Barnes lot 5, block B. amended map of. Lorln
Heights Tract. Berkeley: $400.
H.-B. and Laura A. Plnney to Louis F. Mont
eacle. lot 57. block G. Melrose Station Tract,
Brooklyn Township: $75.
Charles W. and Margaret G. Hunt to War
ren A. Rouse, lot on N line of Ninth street. 75
Eof Clay. W 25, N 100, W 25. 8 1 00 to begin
ning, being lot 2s. block 117, Oakland, quit
claim deed; 510. :.-..-¦
First Swedish F.vangelleal Lutheran St.
Paul's Church of Oakland (a religious corpo
ration) to Narclesa Hnbbell. lotion S line of
Ninth street. 75 E of Clay. E 40 by S 10. being
lot 9 and W 15 feet of lot IP. block 90, Oakland;
$in. . .. ¦; •-, .¦- : ..-¦¦ : ' . ¦ "
Narclssa Hubbell to Flirt Swedish Evansrell- ,
cal Lutheran St. Paul's Church of Oakland Ta
religious corporation), lot on-NW= corner of
Tenth and Grove streets. ,N 50 by W 100, being
lots 21 and 22 and portion of lot 23. block 147.
Oakland; $10.
James and Susanna L. Edgar to Julius Ealz- ,
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, j SUNDAY, APRIL 15, 1900.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. 5.. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
April 14, 1900.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building 1 was Cropped at exactly noon to-day —
t. c.. at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at S
o'clock p. m.. Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander, U. S. If.. In charge.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
New York Grain and Produce.
NOTE: — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column nnd the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tide
and the last or - right hand column gives the
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are in addition to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sljsn (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth Riven by the charts. The plane o(
reference is the mean of the lower low waters.
35
THE STOCK MARKET.
ARTICLES
jOpen.|HlKh.| Low. i Close.
Wheat No. 2—
April
May
July
September
66' i
66% 66% CS 66%
67% bl% 67H G7T4
6S',i 6SH 6SH 6SH
Corn No. 2—2 —
April '.
May
July
September
Oats No. 2—2 —
38»4
3SH 393* SSI* 3:»4
39^1 40*, 33H 40i,i
40% 41 40Vi 41
May
July
September
M»sb Pork, bt
May
July
Lard, 100 lbs-
May
July
September
Short Ribs, ICO
May
July
September
bill'"
9 lbs—
24 H 24 Vi 24 24
24 24Vi 24T4 24
23% »«4 23^4 23!4
12 90 12 95 12 SO 12 87%
12 82,4 13 15 12 52V4 IS 05
710 7 32% 710 7 27H
7IS 7 42ti! 715 735
7 25 7 60 7 23 7 45
7 22VJ 725 710 7 224
705 725 7OS 7 22%
7 12% 7 22% 7 12% 7 20
ARTICLES. Wecelpts.
Flour. barrels' ¦. 43,000
kVh<*at. bushels .., 83.000
'cm, iwheU 6J9.000
latu, bushels Z&S.ObO
tyc. bushels 1«,000
ijarley. bushels 65,000
Shlpmts.
fil.iVO
178.0 M
451.000
<39,i;>00
i"».ono
C2.C00
Steamer. I From. . 1 Due.
1 1
Aloha (Crescent City |Apr. 13
Columbia romand Apr. «
North Fork |Humboldt Apr. li
Coos Bay iNewport Apr. 13
Laguna iTlllamook Apr. 19
South Portland. Oyster Harbor Apr. 1!
Emptre Coos Bay Apr. IS
Nippon Maru... China and Japan Apr. IT
City of Puebla. Victoria & Puget Sound Apr. 17
Corona Sun Diego Apr. 17
Tltanla Nanalmo Apr. 17
Wellington Ovmt Harbor Apr. V
Pomona IHumboldt [Apr. 17
Mackinaw (Seattle Apr. 1*
Matteawan Tacoma Apr. IS
WarfleM lOyster Harbor Apr. 19
Willamette ISeattle Apr. 19
Bonlta Newport lApr. 1»
Del Ncrte Portland Apr. 19
Peru ..: Panama. Apr. 19
Point Arena iPolnt Arena Apr. 19
Crescent City...: Crescent City lApr. 19
Geo. TV. Elder.. IPortland lApr. 19
State of Cal IPortland lApr. 20
Samoa IHumboldt Apr. 20
Santa Rosa ISan Diego Apr. 21
Coqullle River.. Grays Harbor Apr. 21
Umatllla Victoria & Pugret Sound Apr. 22
Arcata Coos Bay Apr. 23
v a liar limp iirne umf
g. Ft. Ft. Ft. Kt.
!» L. W HW LW HW
15 ... 6:33 0.2 12:20 «.< 5:19 2.5 11:33 5.4
IS ... 6:10 0.0 1:13 4.5 6:52 2.7
H W L \V H W t, W
17 ... 0:02 5.4 6:51 —0.1 2:03 4.5 6:31 2.9
18 ... 0:35 5.4 7:33—0.2 2:56 4.6 7:11 1.1
19 ... 1:15 6.4 8:23—0.1 3:52 4.4 8:171 3.1
» ... 2:02 5.2 9:19 0.0 4:49 4.« 9:23! 3.2
!1 . . 3:04 5.01 10:19 0.2 5:41 4.8! 10:4*! 3.1
. Steamer. I Destination. I Sails. I Pier.
Sails
I Pier.
I - •-••
!
Santa RosalSan Dletro Apr. 15. 11 amPler 11
Queen IVlc & P«t Sd.lApr. 1«. lOamiPler 9
Newburg ...IGrays HarborjApr. 16, 5 pmt '...
Samoa .[Humboldt Apr. I*s. 10 am Pier 13
Aloha [Crescent City. I Apr. IS, 3pm Pier 2
Coos Bay... 'Newport 'Apr. 17. sanVPi»rll
Doric [China & Japan Apr. 17, 1 pm|PMSS
Nort* Fork Humboldt Apr. 18. »am Pier 2
Columbia .. Portland Apr. 18. Warn Pier 24
City Para.. Panama Apr. IS. 12 m PMSR
Arcata jCoos Bay Apr. 18. 12 m!Plerl3
Moana (Sydney Apr. 18, 8 pmjPler 7
Corona ISan Diesro Apr. 19. 11 amlPler 11
Pomona ....jHumboldt Apr. 19, 2pm Pter 9
Bonita INewport.-. Apr. 21, 9am Pier 11
Pt. Arena.. I Point Arena.. Apr. 21. 2pm Pier 2
Walla Wall Vie & Pgt Sd. Apr. 21. 10 am Pier 9
Jeanle Cape Nome Apr. 21,
Del Norte.. Oregon Ports. Apr. 22
Coqullle Rv Grays Harbor Apr. 23,
State of Cal Portland.. .... Apr. 23. 10amiPl«r;4R. O'Donnell. Also the following dele
gates from the several lodges In the Juris
diction: Aurora Lodge, San Francisco,
\V. C. Hearn; Martha Lodge. San Fran
cisco. A. Gompertz, Charles Hahn, Minnie
Krebs: Laurel Lodge, Healdsburg, Mrs.
E. E. Hall; Harmony Lodge, Sacramento,
Adna Phelps; Bay City, San Francisco,
William B. O'Connell: Golden Rule Lodge,
San Francisco, Marion G. Perry; Marys
ville Lodge. A. B. Hopkins; Pacific Lodge.
San Francisco, Jennie Dlnklage; Star of
Suisun Lodge. Suisun, Emma T. Parker:
Oakland Lodge. Louisa Bigler; West End
Lodge, San Francisco, Doris Kaplan;
Magnolia Lodge, San Francisco, Nellie
Dockerv; Mistletoe Lodge. San Jose. J.
N. Rickets; Angel City Lodge. Los An
jreles. S. Conradi: Yerba Buena Lodge,
San Jose. M. J. Graham; Marion Lodge,
Vallejo, J. J. Hurley. _^
To-morrow night Aurora Lodge will en
tertain all the delegates and the present
and past grund officers In Union-square
Hall, and after the reception there all will
pay a visit to Martha Lodge, which will
give an entertainment for their enjoy
ment.
The principal matters to* come up before
the grand body will be the work of exten
sion and the election of officers for the
next term. Grand .Protector Whitten
will be a candidate for re-election and it
is possible that A. H. Anderson, the vice
protector, may move for advancement.
The grand secretary will, It is said, be
alone in the field.
Kaufmann, assisted by the following
committees:
Reception— Captain Felix G. Head, O.
Bozio, A. P. Hornberg. J. S. Vander
water. Max Haas. Dr. J. "W. Hamilton,
J. K. Okerbladt. Emil Pohll, Governor
E. S. Salomon and W. L. Coles.
Floor— Melville Hermann, Darrington
Christopher, Ike Stanley, A. Schlrmer,
Dawson Mayer, Edward W. Close,
Phineas Sprague, H. L. Stilwell, H. A.
Meyer and Dr. M. "Woolf.
The committee of arrangements,
which had labored hard to insure the
success of the masquerade, included A.
S. Page. J. B. Davis, Dr. F. F. Lord
and J. E. Slinkey.
The Old Government Whisky Bottled
at the Distillery.
Finest quality, absolute purity, perfect
wholesomeness. •
McKinley Club Work.
The Forty-first Assembly District Mc-
Klnley Club has elected the following del
egates to the Republican League Conven
tion at Los Angeles: H. A. Steffens, W.
R. Nixon, R. A. Grier. E. J. Wilkinson,
Irvine Graham, R. C. Mattison, H. E.
Taylor and F. W. Marston.
Electric Cars on Sixth Street.
to-morrow, the blue cara
which formerly ran from Powell along
Eddy street to the -ocean beach will be
switched into Taylor street. at Turk and
run along that street, crossing Market
and continuing down Sixth as far as Bran
nan. Ten-minute service is : the schedule
promised. Transfers will be issued and
received at Sixth and Market streets from
the north-bound cars to the east-bound
Market street cable cars. Similar trans
fers will be given from the Folsom and
Bryant street west-bound cars, also, from
the Brannan street line. All passengers
wishing transfers must signify this fact
to the conductors at the time the fare is
collected. ' '
GRAND LODGE OF THE
KNIGHTS AND LADIES
Annual Session to Be Held in Pyth
ian Castle Commencing on
Tuesday Next.
The next session of the Grand Lodge of
the Knights an« Ladies of Honor will be
held in Pythian Castle In this city, com
mencing next Tuesday. The grand officers
are as follows:
Past Grand Protector L. J. W heelocK.
Grand Protector Z. T. Whitten. Grand
Vice Protector A. H. Anderson, Grand
Secretary H. "W. Quitzow, Grand Treas
urer Mrs. E. R. O'Donnell, Grand Chap
lain Mrs B. Oppenheimer. Grand Guide
V^ X J. Colombet. Grand Guradian
Sire! Ellen Fitzgerald. Grand Sentinel
Mrs. A. Meifner; Grand Trustees Mrs. A.
Oraff. Mrs. Fredericka \\ eber. Mrs. L. B.
Holcomb; Supreme Representative James
p Doc-kery: Grand Protectors E. F.
Alken. S. American. H. K. Cummlngs. J.
J. Groom. F. Kemp Van Ee. A. N. Grant.
J W. Maher. E. H. Bourguignon. H. C.
Trephagrn, Emma T. Parker. Mrs. U.
Arn^rican. T. H. Berkey. J. C. Person.
H W. Quitzow. Emma Quitzow. airs. P.
A.' Dunzweiler. Mary A. McDonald. Emma
DUNCE BEFORE
THE EMBLEM OF
THEOSOPHISTS
William Q. Judge's Birth
day Observed With Lav
ish Ceremony.
Young Women Garbed as Were the
s Ancients Entertain a Large
Audience With Singing
and Tableaux.
Young women, classically garbed In
snowy white In imitation of the ancients,
waved garlands of flowers and decorously
posed and danced in 1 front of a heart
shaped emblem of the universal brother
hood of man last evening, in the Academy
of Sciences Hall. A large audience ap
plauded the dances and tableaux, the lat
ter being on the mystical order, hinting
at the "Awakening of the Soul," "The
Evolution of Consciousness" and kindred
themes. At the beginning four girls with
trumpets played and sang in antiphonal
choruses subjects of "Truth. Light and
Liberation," of which they were the her
alds, and male voices behind the curtain
responded. ,
This was a part of the SJew Cycle Un
ity Congress ¦ entertainment provided by
the Theosophists as a means of raising
funds for the benefit of the Universal
Brotherhood organization. It was the
birthday anniversary of William Q. Judge,
and Theosophists all over the world held
similar celebrations.
Dr. Jerome B. Anderson recited the
proclamation of Universal Brotherhood,
Mrs. Strellitz-Davis, James F. McCauley,
B. ¦Strellltz, Mrs. Conklin Olcese, Cerf
Rosenthal, Miss Belle Rosenthal, Miss
Flora Rosenthal and Miss Julia Rapier
Thorp supplied admirable musical fea
tures.
Yesterday afternoon the children had a
festival, which included a mystic march,
vocal and instrumental music and recita
tions, in which Ivy Anderson, Edith Alex
ander, Beatrice-Miner, Hilda Bailey and
Mrs. Marion Thomas took leading parts.
This evening the exercises will, continue,
beginning at 8 o'clock, and the practical
and spiritual aspects of theosophy and the
Universal Brotherhood will be the theme
of the symposium. The speakers will be
H. D." Robinson, Dr. Anderson and Dr.
Allen Griffiths.-^ J/Wheaton Leonard will
eing and Charles A. ,Purdy will play the
piano. ' ! • - - ¦
Dear old friend's. Jolly old friends.
Clinging together in all sorts of
¦weather;
Dear old friends. Jolly old friends.
Give me the friendship of dear old
friends.
THIS poetic effusion was the slogan
at the grand prize masquerade ball
given last r.ight at B'nai B'rith
Hall by the Society of Old Friends.
There was a general air of good fellow
chip prevailing throughout the affair,
which lasted until early dawn, and the
pleasure-seekers were amply repaid
with an enjoyable time. The proceeds
will be devoted to the purchase of a
Pleasure Seekers in Their Variety at the Grand Prize Masquerade Ball of the Society in B. B. Hall.
new cemetery in San Mateo County,
the old one, where 130 members lie
buried, having practically been confis
cated by the city. Over a hundred
couples participated in the grand
march, which took place at 11 o'clock,
and several valuable prizes were
awarded for handsome costumes and
best sustained characters. Among the
successful ones were "The Belle of
Honolulu," "Cape Nome Lady Miner,"
"American Flag Costume" and others.
Dancing, which was kept up continu
ously, except from 12 to 1 o'clock,
¦when supper was served, was under
the direction of Floor Director Charles
OLD FRIENDS MAKE MERRY
AS IN THE DAYS OF YORE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., SUNDAY, APB^L 15, 1900.
For the Children's Home.
An entertainment, and dance waa given
last night at Golden Gate Hall. 625 Sutter
6treet. for the benefit of the San Francis
co Children's • lit. mo. which is , located : at'
Easter: and a short talk on business! m VijjQji
ll\^ easter is synonymous with "newness," freshness, youth m life and fM|| 1 \>
II sbeaking it means making money, after heavy sales of
M . vveoffer dr ?S s goods and s,l s at * a " m " J^d vet "c m«-e a profit we buy so fa, ahead ye.can afford to snap our fingers at p
H ¦ ' , a \-\ n \A taffeti 27 - inch Swiss taffeta, in black 0n1y ....... $1.00 unusual offering or an extra heavy worsted %
m we place on sale Monday and until .sold tatteta 27 "V blk dh ' silk aIJ si i k KOod heavy, ser^e. 46 inches wide, in 15 shades: bought
ffl silk in. fancy and plain colors, with Krenadme or 22 " inch °«« p^Se just in •• • • $1.00 before the late heavy rise in dress, fabrics: worth |
. m lace stripe; open work, hemstitched: : brocad jd 10 inches 75c to-day, yet we offer at old pnee ; ..6oc |
m patterns, in self colors; swell goods for spring g good value (worth 85c).... 75 c extra heavy fine worsted diagonal. 46 inches X
Mi and summer waists; 19 inches wide... ... /& *.. . - ]k grenadines A 2 inches wide, in wide, in all staple colors 75c p
i soft finished Swiss black .aff.ta. » mch« | * ¦ i-ch aU-wool serge, in black only soo g
m (soft fimsh .nsures good «,ear)|p|| || dots m > mbct ..............,....$,.50 - ( ft „ |
I new f^:£ domestic X Bee ">' s I
I neckwear: .;• &*«.••¦ attractions: ™»f i«ii"-^ TZL I
I t^ef|Eiio^iP^g« n f w f^^^^^^M '&Ok&&SSg3SS£!gSSS. ffi I
I Battenberg. Arabian, Renaissance and Point blue. l av e n der. a nd gray, pretty desißns..^..^ .^ usua i f with cr to hipf fine French fiz- |
I de Venise lace collars and revers $W n ' cw *p; r caiesV36 inches' wide,' in li' K ht and dark ured coutille, in light and dark lace g
1 npw hanrikprrhipN ' v fOlors< large assortment of p atterns and colo / r g tnmracd top and bottom ' aU sizes » lB to 26 -^ 2^° |
I this week we introduce an elegant assortment of SHVerWarß departm6llt I f|
I sSi-s-sss p^^^B^ 1
ffl ¦ W** 1 ™ horn &* ™%-:i:r'--y^°r^ «H checks;' regularly worth J2c. and. ise'i:: ioc Russell'.s bone-handled .table knives, set of six. g
ffl (for other items see the Examiner. to-day s issue) 20 oieces tu ; ke 7 red \ able damask, 54 inches best quality steel.. ...si.so g
Ep| , w ide regularly worth ->oc isc quadruple silver-plate child s mug. satin en- |
m D6W KlOVBS! .140 turkey red and white" fringed tablecloths, graved, reduced from $1.50 and $1.25 to oSc g
I high-dass novelties in three-clasp real French jg^rds long 45 c each; g&«*g££Ss^ KgKy m \ m * ' 1
H . kid - overseam gloves, in such late shades as nee- -«/» yara* long /.i yayj bailiagDOi g
W tar. lavender^ cerise, magenta and white, with con- -^ ¦..• - - .., rnnnnr f| nnnn | , a eood. strong, serviceable baby carrier $i.03 |
m, trasting. self and two-tone embroidery, sizes 554 jgjg (J| V? 1011081 IldllNcl ¦ fine reed go-cart, with foot brake, full size.s.i.43 2S
Pa and 6V2.... $i-5O ~" ?../, fine willow go-cart, with hood top and foot ®,
Bj i2.=;o yards wrapper flannel, 27 inches wide, fleece brake, "the mother's special" $000 ?5
tisi nQUf UCilinfTQ « ' back, navy blue ground, with white dots: rejm- baby carriage, beautifully upholstered in plush, ggj
ffl HBW • YBIIIIIgO • lady worth 12HC ioc yard cord and satin> $1450 t0 $18.73 fil
W\ the variety is almost bewildering; black silk tux- ' , v: . I
m edo meshes, with silk chenille and self embroid- m||o in 11 1I M R P V/R r^ T * * HttlO nnflHnQ ' &
M ercd dots, in small, medium and large meshes. IHUOIIII UIIUOI WOQI 1 . 111110 llUllUliO 1 r|
iw 75c, 85c, $1.00, $1.25 and $1.50 per yard ladies' muslin drawers, of soft finish muslin. German silver thimbles 2c m
Ea fine net wash veils, honiton and real lace effects, wide rufried at bottom, trimmed with narrow pear j buttons, 2 dozen on a card 5c %i
§H in scroll, dotted, figured, renaissance and floral lace 22c s hawlpins, per dozen. 2c $5?
Wi effects ...50c, 75C $1.00 each muslin drawers, soft finish muslin, umbrella ruf- ster H n jr filled pulley belt rings, per'pair 15c £$
m , . # ?.,!,.«« . fle • of cambric around bottom*. ioc s terlinsr silver pulley belt rings, per pair 25c X
§& fnr nGUSBW IYGS ! a l )rons of good q^Hty Lancaster gingham, 33 black twisted belt rings, per pair .i;c $*
m . " . ? . n n T , nMCt , r .__ inches locig. 45 inches wide, i-mch band at top. pear i sn j rt vva i st sets , 25 c, 35c soc I
gingham aprons of well known Lancaster ging- neat b i ue and brown apron checks 15c KO i^ _ p l a i t ed waist sets, assorted settings.. 75c |
I ladies' hosiery: tailor-made suits: i
M WraPPßr Salß 1 ladies' outsize hose, fine imported quality, six 12 only, ladies' fly front, tailor-made jacket suit*;
Kb! \ small lot of percale house wrappers— fifteen styles, plain black, wide hem or pearl ribbed jacket romaine lined, skirt percaline lined and *§
EH iwn of them— medium shades, braid trimmed, tops; plain black, with unbleached feet or soles: velveteen bound; stitched seams down front, m jg
rl! hnAv lined size 12 to 44* an after Easter event plain unbleached balbriggan, in either hzht or navy and black cheviot cloths; a good vacation *
m or women; while they last 59C heavy vcight 25c suit for mountain or seashore ••••^o |
|3 lur WUUIC • 11 only, tailor-made suits, fly front and double 5
Wi mnn'o flirnichinrTC • PRttnH UPCtC ' breasted Eton; jacket romaine lined and nicely ~>
H m6il S TUrniSningo . UUUUII VCSIO . traided; skirt percaline lined and velveteen %
Wi men's extra heavy twill overshirts, in light colors, of white sea island cotton, either lone or short bound; single box pleat back; braided down g
Wi 16 inches long felled seams, yoked gussets, peail sleeves.- or pants of an extra fine quality. each 23c front and back, in navy and black cheviot goods: jg
M buttons, extension neckband, first class in every . . , sizes 32 to 40 »°° |
I . s- s - n i;u ra f^r^e; we av:-abou;- 4 oL!Kii shirt waists. ,h, h h , leather belts: 1
Xl wool and not too heavy, seams all overcast. 20 dozen ladies percale shirt waists, with white '"" , .., , , , , . , . .. . %
drawers are taped and scat reinforced, pearl hut- yoke, blue and white, pink and white, and black IV2 - inch black seal leather belts, steel studded. F^
m tons throughout, all sizes, shirts 34'to 48. drawers and white; each with white collars; sizes 32 to with nickel-plate or covered buckle... 4Sc te£
W$ 30 to 44. .7 59c each 40 75c IV2 - inch white kid belts, steel mountings. .48c jg
|j all our pattern hats and many of those created In our own p
I workroom reduced (%*S&VZ. c*e ** te '-)' see our $7>50 hats (j?,^ 8 )* Jf
I LADIES'
TAILOR-MADE JACKETS.
j , WHOLESALE
PRICES. ;
THE GOLDEN GATEI I
CLOAK: AND SUIT HOUSE,
| 1230-1232-1234 MARKET STREET. I
I PERFECT FITTING. TAiLOR FINISH. I
'< 50 Jaunty Box. Jackets,, lined throughout -with Romalns taffeta, ;>
!; velvet collars, retail price $5.00, our.wholesale d»yfj i\i\ <l
I; r j ce ..!.'..... H>T"«\/vr > |;
:[: [ 50 Tan Whipcord Box and Eton Effect Jackets, satin fac3d, ;>
i; velvet collar, retail prlca $7.00, onr wholesale <J»e f\{\ I,
: Price...... vO.UU. j
! " 25 : Bedford Cord, tan and brown, silk lined throughout Jaunty ; ;t
; box and Eton style, 'retail : price $10.00. our faf C/> ; '¦':
| wholesale price............ xp£*3%J ¦!;
I: SPECIAL FOR MONDAY AND TUESDAY.
i : 50 Invisible Check, In gray, tan and brown. Jacket lined In silk, \
\ll Skirt box pleat, lined in Romaine taffeta, ra- <JiK AA I
>!; tall price $20.00, our wholesale price vW»vU j;
h 50 Tan Covert Eton Suits, finely tailored, very latest &j pa ;|
$ effect, retail price $12.00, our wholesale pric9 M>/ »vJU ?
| MUST BE SEEN TO BE APPRECIATED. |
4045 Twenty-fifth street. The attendance
participated in the exercises: Address.
Hon Daniel S. O'Brien: violin solo (a "A
Lengene." d -'Serenade"). Miss Florence
ijpshel; recitation, selected. Miss Linda
Johnson; specialty. Baby Dody recita
tion, 8.-S. Burns; vocal solo, breams
Miss Lillian Whiteley; recitation k Ms
Carrie Brouner; violin solo, selected Miss
Florence Llpsher; ban.io duet. Mrs. v.
Pfleider and Mrs. J. R. Brown; vocal solo,
"Could I." Miss Bertha F. Wadham, rec
itation, selected. Miss M. Sullivan; song
and dance, Mi3s Nita- Clifton and Chnss
Lynton; Herbert I. Bennett, accompanist.
Young Republicans.
.The Young Men's Republican League
last evening elected the following dele
gates to the - Los Angeles convention:
President Frank K. Spencer, Harold D.
Mitchell, O. V. Eaton, Charles K. Hols-
man, W. Eaton, George W. . Toohy, Frank
E. Cordes. H. A. Raymond.fE. D. Mont
rose, R. H. Clement, Charles J. Muller
and F. R. Axton. . 3. ;
-. .Tx~ - ¦ ¦ o ¦
The Bee Hive Shoe Company
Pleases everybody who wishes to buy
shoes, so come along: if you need a pair of
shoes at the Bea Hive Shoe Company, 717
Market street, near Third. •
Articles of Incorporation.
Articles of Incorporation were yesterday
filed by the Blue Flame Oil Company of
San Ardo, with a capital stock of $500,000,
cf which $1000 has been subscribed.
The Onlsho Mining Company Incorpo
rated with a capital of $10,000, all of which
has been subscribed.
Philippine Commissioners.
The Philippine Commissioners will meet
the members of the bar In the United
States Circuit Court at 10:30 o'clock to
morrow morning. f
FBIEDMAN^ , A^OUNCEMENTS.
I " I'SE CREDIT MO USE? j
j Six Storiu High / }
j Parlor^Chair;in^Gplden Oak j
j and in Mahogany Finish. Seat [\
j. upholstered. ih ; bright, figured
j velour. Ah ddd'design for va-
: riety in the home.) Nice for,the.
• ;:hall or a vacant corner. Strong
;1 1 arid • serviceable. -[ • $1; 75. ; |
• We cannot tell you of all our chairs ]
J at one time— there's a whole floor or
S chair elegance and comfort that will '
¦ well repay you to see. Prices range
! in easy stages up to $50. f
] Drapery Department — Just open- f
S ing some elegant Mantel Drapings J
• and Piano Covers. New effects and {
! patterns in Silk and Velour. . Rich }
; color and texture. A combination {
• of adornment and uesefulness. |
j• -' CARPET DEPARTMENT { '.
\ White Fur Chinian Rugs Long, 1
¦ soft, glossy fur. Well tanned skin, |
I double sewed. , 28x64 inches; were ;
j. $2.50; to close out, $1.15. j
S Free Delivery. Oakland, Alameda, Berkeley ' ;
j M FRIEDMAN d CO., I
j 233 to 237 Pogt St. {
• Open erenin g» -¦ Near Stockton 1
ESTATES,' LEGACIES AND UN-
.CLAIMEO MONEY
' ' •¦ : - — IN— :
ENGLAND, SCOTLAND or
SEARCHES BT • EXPE UTS— BEST LEOAIi
. ADVICE. -
If you have a bona fide claim to an. Estate
In the Old Country, or to a fund In Chancery,
or to a Legacy which you > wish to recover,
write ¦ (flve-cent stamp) to THE ESTATES
REALIZATION COMPANY. 7 and 8 Great
Winchester Street. E. C. LONDON. ENG-
LAND. '(Established ISM.) SSK^SMi
This advertisement will : not . appear again. -
PASSOVER OBSERVED
WITH RELIGIOUS SPIRIT
The beginning of the Passover was cele
brated yesterday In the synagogues of
this city. It was the inaugural of the
week's festival and with solemn and most
fitting ceremony the occasion was ob
served In all the Jewish houses of wor
ship.
At all the synagogues special services
were held. The Temple Emmanu-El,
dressed in white drapings, was crowded
with worshipers who attended the- devout
services and listened to the pulpit elo
quence of Rabbi Voorsanger, whose ser
mon treated of the relief from bondage
and the journey of the tribe of Israel from
Egypt. .
At the Congregation Sherlth Israel Dr.
Nieto discoursed on a kindred subject,
special services being the change from the
ordinary Sabbath proceedings.
At the Geary-street Temple and the
other synagogues the day was also ob
served with great solemnity.
WILL SUPERINTEND
SANTA FE TERMINAL
J. W. Walker Appointed to Look Aft
er New Railroad Company's Perry
Service on the . Bay.
J. "W." Walker was yesterday appointed
superintendent of the San Francisco and
Point Richmond terminal and. of the fer,
ry service on the bay. A circular letter
announcing the appointment was Issued
by W. O. Nevlns, general manager, and
A. G. Wells, general superintendent ot
the Santa Fe company. Mr. Walker has
been for some years In General Manager
Nevlns' office, and is | thoroughly familiar
with the business over which he will have
supervision.
This Is the first local appointment of im
portance made by the Santa Fe company.
The new line will be open for through
freight business on May L The wharf
and ferry slips at Main street are being
rushed to, completion and will be ready in
time. Other appointments will likely be
made within the next .fortnight.
'- • '¦'.%¦ — ; — '¦ « ? « — . .
Stanton Club Meeting.
The Elizabeth Cady Stanton Club held
its regular monthly meeting last night at
the * residence of Mrs. Clara Foltz. 717
Haight street. Mrs. Foltz presided, intro
ducing the speakers of the evening. The
subject of debate was the work of the
Health Board- In cleansing -the city. As
a side Issue the .case of the Rosa Reaves
suicide was 'considered. ;
Seal Bock Smoker.
„. Court Seal Rock of the Foresters of
America, has Issued a sirbpena to each of
Its members and; to "each of Its many
friends to attend a smoker to be given In
its hall on the night of the 19th Inst.. and
severe penalties are prescribed for. those
who will fall to * attend the summons.
There will be a literary and musical pro
gramme during the evening. , .
\3IJ TWKMAJBV \^/
ON BACH SHOE.
/g™S^pj3ul JJjg SJJQQ jgQ-Yg
I til %i^^3(*fa<W I thfl im(537!T105 •
¦gLC^r made -to - order
iK^ shoe. The only
«^gi|| shoe that always
g3^§|ii cf the arch of ih
PsdsS|& foot, gives rest-
IBi§!*iS ful comfon; ° i? es
131111111 your gait that
WSBjlgra natural ease and
SOLD EXCLUSIVELY A£T
50 THIRD STREET
SECOSD SHOE STORE FROM MARKET.
SAN FRAIv CISCO.
Illustrated Catalogue of Spring
Styles Mailed Free.
KEW WESTERN HOTEL.
•IfEARNT AND WASHINGTON STS.-RE
« modeled and renovated. KINQ. WARD t
CO. European plan. Rooms. Wo to Si 50 day
t& to U week; SS to $20 month. Free baUu: bj
and cold water uvrr room: flro crate* la aver
. room; elevator run» all night.
Hales.
Hales.
Hales.
Hales.
36