x 1^ AN JOSE, April 15.— Harmony'
was maintained <5 to the ¦ finish
of the league cqnventlon/. Sac-',
.'a.'"^ ;. ramento. was/ selected ; . as: the'
"*"¦"¦ " place of meeting In 1904 » and'
Alderi' Anderson was j re-elected I
COMMENDATION OF GOVERNOR IS LIMITED TO A
BLANKET RESOLUTION EMBRACING ALL
REPUBLICAN STATE OFFICIALS.
Pardee Makes > Sarcasm
; tic^Reply tplGage^}
• represcnted^by Norman YlVHall and 1*. E.'
Savage, went to, the. rescue. of the leUer;
| carriers t6-"day; ) and assisted in , thej adop-"
tion of the'; only ¦ amendment, to"; the f plat-!
-form. This "action', was: taken in? accord- 1
ance with wired 'Instructions from' the/ di-'
, rectors 1 of ; the -Primary League. ': ? - : ,^ :
;, In Indorsing^* the" Republican.' State | ad-"j
ministration, sthe^ convention did what .Re-;
publicans of' all- factions expected "that" It
would do. The point ; was urged from ; the !
outset that no indorsement of Gage's caii-!
didacy " would' be tolerated. The 'mention.'
of Gage's name at'all'was a concession'"of- :
the majority to the minority for Uhe* sake'
of party, -.'harmony, as / the^ forces , o'pposed
to the . machine ¦ outnumbered .'the 1 Guge;
push two to one. in the convention..' Never--
Continued ; Page V. Two;
Continued on • Page'- Two.
gave: Gage an indirect. slap when he said
, that it was the duty of every Republican
! wh'o had: the° Interests of ' his party at
j heart, be ",he a . candidate for nomination
i' or ndt, 'to attend - the : gatherings of the
| party.' totwhich he owed allegiance. The
i • ad'option,iof -the report of the committee '
j on resolutions; the' spat that followed the
| amendment/ by -Senator- E.M.. Wolfe in
!<dorsing the struggles.of the letter carriers
!;for;.better wages "and -the 7 addresses by
several speakers of ¦prominence, in the
patty rendered the morning session of the
t. convention. unusually lively. .';' , ;. .
"DAY'S ORDEE ¦ OF
On calling the convention ? to .order/at
10ri5. o'clock : (President^ Anderson . an
nounced that ; the various "committees ap
.pointed-yesterday, with the exception "pf
'that. on', resolutions and > platform,., were
ieady to 'reporti >Hv G: W. . pinkefspiel,
'chairman . of '-. the committee . on order : of
a. report, which was unani
mously' adopted/making the following or
der of business: . '- .* I \: '._.'
- 1— Report of committee on order of business.
2— Report of memorial committee.
¦;' t ¦' '-f,\iHm AN* JOSE, .April 15.— With",' the'.
1'iij^^/ : '^;.' opening of ¦» the' second - day's |
' .'.'*r^^^' v : scfesidn 't of the Callfornia'.St'ate :
'}j^.:i;VZy 5 League, of ¦Republican Clubsrin;|
•; 7*WVf r~ i the ; Aueitorium tftis ' morninp '
; : .^y-;:-.\.-'eamd,'"the. first iridicat'.ori/of^a.;
division ; Qf sentiment aroohg, the .delegated
jrelatii'e ,to-\the lpurposes - for "which vtfc'e
•meeting' was, "calleji.. '. Another ; weak . at- :
.terript; wasmade by.' the cpmml.ttee onVes
; blutibns ( -to i Qreate'..'enthu.a!asm f for.-Gpv
,ei"nbr-Gage by giving. hlmnhe personal fh
dorseme.nt -of ./the" league, in. . corinec
:,tion i with /every j other Republican'; State
.^official' ; a^nd «;j legislatbr.V In' . ope . of "/:. the
'plahk's>'of;the.platform H offered -for adop
'•tidri^but 'with" the 'exception* of l M mere
handful 1 of -Gage's vociferous boosters- the
¦/me'nilorv.o'f "hls/name. was- nietVwitli a>si-;
l'encei that- chilled. -:.The effect ' of ) his. Injfi-;
'dlelous 'letter to'.the coriyentioh served to
"dairiperi*. the ardor' of even thofe .who had'
.gone <to-*the 'convention '; half-resolved tc|
his ] candidacy If , the oppqrtu'nity
afforded.' The ' ; result /was a .reaction,'
which -in 'the opinion of. the. party leaders'
piu'st- inevitably end in a ! rejection of Gage
¦and : his faction by ' the Republicans of the :
\- Dr. 'George- C^'Pardee- in., his'addresa
EXCITING DEBATE ENDS IN AN INDORSEMENT OF
THE LETTER CARRIERS' CAMPAIGN
FOR HIGHER WAGES.
Continued on Page Three.
Continued on Page Three.
': RESOLVED, .That the secretary of the convention Is
hereby' Instructed to noli fy. onr'.ConRresNlonal deletrnt Ion
and Senator Lodfre/ Speaker' Hende'rson.. : nnd . Congressman
Wl|Iiom; Alden Smith' of the action taken by this cenven
tton. •' .",..¦ "¦*-•-.-¦•-••••>¦.. ¦. t ¦ . ¦ - .¦ ¦••v --' ' : . \. r . £.•••?¦•
¦. WHEREAS, Senator ; Lodsre. of >>ldssnchnjictts' and "> Rep
resentative William" Alden Smith ;of Michlcan hnve Intro
duced,bills nunibered Senate bill — House bill C27J>i for
Increase, of , the": pay,, of. letter 'carriers; . therefore, bejlt^'.
V.fjtESOLVED, TIlnt *?• State L,eag;ue,of Republican Clubs
. of California,'-, in; convention" mmemhled, heartily , indornen
:sald .bill and asks; for- its speedy passages .and be it
•.further -'¦"¦ ¦.,.'" "¦¦;'¦¦" ;:•"•;¦- i ';¦,.¦-¦ •¦ ¦'-¦:.:¦ .-¦ < '¦'¦ - ¦¦ •
;. ; f ' f TEXTH-r-The\only: nittnner In. vihlch the country can
receive the' benefit of Republican principles In tbrough the
election of Republican' canilidntCM. : 'I'o unccecd at the
polls it la essential -.that the party.'be fully- organized and
thoroughly mil ted. * The.. best 'method rf .seeuriiiK perfect
organizational* . throaeli the institution and maintenance
.of .Republica'h '/clubs .covering every' election district- in
the : State. 'We ;deem It,;' therefore, 'the duty of every man
belleyes_ in. the doctrlnes.ol the. Republican
¦ party, to become 'n member of , the ¦ Republican '; Club of his
-election district, an«l. the_ duty of every. Republican' Club
to henrtily and unitedly support the nominees', of . the Re.
publican '"pujrty. ¦¦ [¦'¦^j' '¦'¦\:[ : ' . ¦¦-';:' ¦'••¦- •¦"',¦"'''•"-- •
of nn lioncut primary ami of .a convention properly con
vened^'a/iitl. fairly '.conducted. ' The Republican clabn of
the', Str.te'. can .perform! no ¦ better scr^-lee' for . the party
than to use their best' efforts 'to make the primaries, room
to.beheld for the election of deleffates to the party con
ventions, open n iid fulr, and to Induce as 'many; Repabll
cans'aN-.poHsiblc. to participate therein^ . ' "
> M < HE California League of Republican Clubn, In
B . \ convention assembled^' does. hereby declare: -
K FIRST— Tluit/we proclaim nnciv v our adher-
B ence to the traditions and policies of the Repub-
JjL "-, lican party, and announce bur, amwervin^ alle
giance to the/ principles of that party, as con
tained In Its national platform adopted In Philadelphia in
looo. •, ¦ , .- .. ¦ ¦ '• ', ; ;/.'::.;'; ; .; ; ; ; : . ¦
.• SECOND — We extend our KrectlnRi to find express
©or u t moNt eon fldence In President. Roosevelt. VlsorouK.
uprlcrht, conscientious' and'-.fearlesM, we believe that he
ttIII fulfill his early prbnilse.to carry out the policy of his
illustrious predecessor. We pledge the President and his
administration the fnll support ,- of/the Republicans of
California affiliated vrlth oar leatrae. : ;
THIRD— We 'commend: the able^" economical and fear
less administration (of . the. Republican Governor of Cali
fornia, 'Henry T. Gaffe, aud we commend the economy and
conservative : course of the Itepahllcnn memberit of the
Legislature and the efficiency of. the other State, officers.
FOURTH— We Indorse the recommendation of I Presi
dent Roosevelt in, 'reference j to anarchists, contained -In
his first message to Conkreas./a*' follows: "That in the
exercise of. its vVlsedescretlonlltjshould- take into consid
eration the coming: to this country .pi anarchists or per
sons professing, principles f hostile to* all government and
jnntlfylns: the murder of those placed .in authority. Such
indlvf dualH an those .who not^ long ng;o gathered In open
meetings to elorlfy the murder of Kinp Humbert of Italy
perpetrate a crime, >nd the law ! should insure their rlif
oroas punishment. V. They and those like them: should be
FIFTH— WcffaVor' the enactment by Consre»» of n '-,..
law providing for , the 7 pe^ 3
Inborcm, snch lcK'Mlntiou belli gr of vital importance '.to the
moral and lndnstrinl vreltare of the. Pacific; Coast. >; ; ,
SIXTH— We (itronfifiy,; fnvor; n national Jsystenv of irrl- J
Ration, liiivliiK' for Its object-the" reclamation, of ;,the' arid
landa of our country.'-'.,.,: ; f .' V ':. ? ' ! *V : --.' V.<; « ."'!'. \''- : l' ; " ''.'.'^) '' ."': '"• ¦"'.
.•'. SEVENTH — Inasmuch nsjithe lnWs of the ./United State* -
El ve n preference In the employment' of. median ten at 'the*
navy-yard* ., td; veterans ; "of ;'pur : Vrurs,^ TrefaVor'the plaii-jo
build and repnlr n portion of our .navy at the Government *
navy-yards;: and.^ve^ursre l.thef next] State Republican con- .
ventlon" to pledsej our' Consrcusmen anil Senators to favor .
legislation to 'that end. )%>'& •¦; -.'.".': *. ./' '¦¦•'.. "/, ': ',¦'>- -vT. * .-'*[¦¦'¦''. '
EIGHTH— The! Republican Will \ ever/; hold*, "in' '
crateful memory *;the j nervleen-Jpt /7thV:ioyal^soldiers ;ai»il'h
sailor* {of if»JlVonr/.wnrii^rnifd''vVe; Insist that eVeryn effort'
nhnll l>e. made- to protect nnd.caretfor tlie veteran* , in 'their/' "
declining years;'-; nndi we "demand;lthat: r the exlii'tlnff;liirri« U 1
lvhleh ' Bl ve preference* to^Veteraris}fn'. the employment 'in '
,the public serylceRhall'bcs'trlctlyJ'enforced." -iv f :'•"';. ''-r'-: I
/;. ;. NINTH-^herp'e'op
par^y > for , the '¦ enactment <,"*%. a :. **atiite , gl v 1 nj? ? t lje -prot ee- ' "
tlon of/thelaiv :to:prlmaTyj;electlon«;o^
party; }. ,-,_ t he ¦ pr I mary j Is :; t lie j only,, proper ; f orm f f qrVt he ¦ i> t- l
tlement ;of Jdiffcrences .wl^hlnJthejRepn
loyal Republican vfill "refuse. 'to: be bonnd by "the, decision
kept out of this country, a ml if found here, they nil bill it' he
proiu i>tly"dr ported to the country -vrlicnee thc>- en. me,' nnil
far-reaching ' provision wliould lie made for the punlsli
mt'iit of, ; those ;vrtib?stay."> ;•. '* /v : .'" "¦'"'''¦ - :^ : . [ •' ¦¦":.' *i£\: " '¦> ¦'
PLATFORM OF THE STATE LEAGUE OF REPUBLICAN CLUBS
Discussing the financial prospects of
South Africa, the Chancellor of the Ex
chequer Tsaid both the Transvaal and
Orange River colonies would be able to
share In the cost of the war. He could
not announce the amount definitely, but
he believed that within a few years cer
tain sources of revenue, representing cap
ital of the value of £30,000,000, would be
set aside for this purpose.
Regarding the reports of differences be
tween himself and the Colonial Secretary,
Joseph Chamberlain, : the Chancellor of
the Exchequer admitted they had a little
difference, of opinion. He thought the
Colonial Secretary was more sanguine and
more anxious than himself to make a
charge upon the Transvaal. Yet it could
not be supposed that the Chancellor of
the Exchequer was backward in a mat
ter of this kind.
Sir Michael, in answer to a question,
said a rebate would not be allowed on
forward grain contracts, as was allowed
in the case of coal contracts last year.
The Chancellor added tnat he could not
say on the spur of the moment whether
the term "grain" included haricot beans,
peas, somolonia, etc., but he was inclined
to. think they were Included In that
term. , \ -
ARE GOLDEN DREAMS.
Sir William Vernon Harcourt (Liberal)
characterized Sir Michael HIcks-Beach'3
expectation of Transvaal revenue as
"golden dream3." useful only for float
ing fresh mining companies. The speaker
declared , the Government lacked the
moral courage to put the war tax on the
present generation who were responsible
for the war, and purposed to lay. the bur
den on' posterity.
The resolution providing for a loan of
£32,000,000 was adopted by 229 to 13 votes.
' .The loan Is to be raised by an issue of
2% per cent consols.
The Standard announces In a financial
SHARING COST OP WAR.
The . Government leader, A.' J. Balfour,
replying to a question in the House of
Commons yesterday, announced that the
Ministers had no information to impart
on the subject of the South African peace
negotiations, nor, under the circum
stances, could any Information be impart
ed at the present stage of the negotia
tions. The Government, Balfour added,
would immediately inform • Parliament of
the fact when it had any news to com
municate.
During the course of the debate on the
resolution authorizing the loan of £32,000,
000 as announced when the budget was
presented, the Chancellor of the Excheq
uer, Sir Michael Hicks-Beach, said the
grant for the relief of the West Indies,
pending the operation of the provisions
of the Brussels sugar conference, would
probably not exceed £250,000, but assist
ance was necessary If the sugar producers
were to- be saved from absolute ruln.j
The following dispatch, dated Pretoria,
April 15, has been received at the War Of- "
rice from Lord Kitchener: "Bruce Ham
ilton's columns arrived at the Standerton
line last, night, having taken 145 Boers,
including killed and wounded, during the
movement from the MIddleburg line."
FIGHTING IS KEPT T7P.
Despite this, however, it is not expected
the refusal will cause the withdrawal of
the Boer leaders from the conference.
There Is another and more serious matter
which has produced what threatens to
form an obstacle to any further negotia
tion. If not a complete deadlock. This 13
the question of amnesty and the banish
ment proclamation. The Boer terms raise
two points which it seems the Cabinet
declined to accept. The instructions sent
to Lord Milner do not, it would seem,
place later Cape rebels on the same foot-
Ing as the Burghers as regards an am
nesty, nor Is there any apparent official
inclination to withdraw the banishment
proclamations.' The situation, therefore,
no< longer inspires the same confidence as
to a satisfactory issue of the negotiations
which was felt a few days ago. A very
short time will prove whether there Is any
way out of the difficulty.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON. April 16.— A serious hitch, the
Dally Mail understands, has arisen in con
nection with the peace proposals. - The
Cabinet, at its meeting yesterday, from
which only- Earl Cadogan and Lord Ash
bourne were absent, considered a strong
request by the Boer leaders at Pretoria
for an armistice during the progress of
the negotiations. This was absolutely re
fused, and, In the opinion of all conver
sant with the circumstances, rightly so.
It was not, there is reason to 'believe,
supported by any of his Majesty's ad
visers.
Prospect That War
&0May Go on for
Some Time.
Question of Amnesty
Also a Stumbling
&k Block.
Boers 9 Request for an
Armistice Is Re~
fused.
HITCH
DELAYS
PEACE
ALLIED BOSSES FAIL TO OBTAIN FROM THE CONVENTION
OF THE STATE LEAGUE OF REPUBLICAN CLUBS A DISTINCT
INDORSEMENT OF THE ADMINISTRATION OF HENRY T. GAGE
NATIVES
WILL BE
AVENGED
Brutal Army Officers
to Receive Prompt
Punishment
General Jacob Smith
Among Those on
the List.
President Is Angered
by Cruel Doings in
Philippines:
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET, N.
W.. WASHINGTON, April 15.-The recent
revelations regarding the . manner in
which war has been conducted in the
Philippines have stirred President Roose
velt to action. It is authoritatively an
nounced that the President will appoint
a commission to investigate the manner
in which the American army Is conduct
ing matters in these islands. The com
mission will represent the President per
sonally, and after a thorough sifting of
facts will report to him. The announce
ment of this commission will ' be made
as soon as the President can decide upon
its personnel.
Roosevelt feels that he should exercise
the greatest care In the selec
tion of the men who compose
it. and he now has several names
t:nder consideration- It Is stated
the commission will in no wise represent
the War Department. The President's
friends are careful to say he does not
contemplate any cessation In the prose
cution of the war. but he Intends to as
certain beyond any doubt whether the
war is being conducted according to the
customs of civilized warfare.
The President is not satisfied with the"
verdict in the Waller court-martial. He
also wants to know more concerning the
orders i^iven by General Sir.ith to Major
Waller before the expedition started. The
recent developments concerning, the ap
plication of the "water cure" have stirred
up his anger, and severe punishment may
be expected by officers who have resorted
to it should the commission find that the
facts warrant such action.
TO FIX RESPONSIBILITY.
As a result cf the consideration by the
Cabinet to-day of the charges of cruel
treatment of Filipinos by United States
soldiers. Secretary Root has made public
the following correspondence:
WAR DEPARTMENT. WASHINGTON.
"April 13, 1902. — My Dear Senator: I bee to ac
knowledge the receipt of your copy of the testi
mony of Sergeant Riiey and Private Lewis
Smith. late of the Twenty-sixth Infantry,
taken before your committee yesterday. I in
close a copy of a dispatch which has been eent
to-day to Major Genera! Chaffee. commanding
the Division of the Philippines. Directions
have been given to the Judge advocate gen
eral cf the army to take proper fteps In accord
ance v.ith the dispatch.
The War Department wi!l be glad to receive
the earliest practicable information of any
further evidence which may be elicited by the
committee tending to fix reFponsiblllty on any
one 5n the military service of the United States
for er.y violation cf any laws of war or of the
repulEtiens or orders governing the operations*
of thf'ermy cf the United States in the field.
Very respectfully. . ELIHU ROOT, '
Secretary of War.
Hon. H. C. Lodge. United States Senator.
Washington. D. C.
IITVESTIGATION ORDERED.
WAR DEPARTMENT. WASHINGTON.
April 15. 1902. — Memorandum for tbe adjutant
general: .
Cable General Chaff ee as follows:
"On February ID a letter was tent you In
closing, for lm-estigatlon, a copy of charges
tnafle by Governor Gardener of Tayabas Pro
vince, which contained general allegations of
cruelties practiced by troops on natives, and
generally of an insolent, brutal attitude of the
errr.v toward natives. On April 2 a cable dis
patch was sent yea urging action with all
ep*ed consistent with thorough and searching
Investigation. On the 4th of March a cable
dispatch was sent you directing disciplinary
measures to produce obedience to the Presi
dent's Instructions subordinating military of fl
eers to civil government in pacified province*
and instructing you to relieve Major Edwin E.
Glenn and Captain James A. Ryan from duty
*nd order them to Manila to await investiga
tion into their conduct. In accordance with In
structions to follow by mall. On the 2*th of
March Instructions were mailed you containing
statement of charges against these officers
and General Jacob H. Smith, as the ba*li fit
the Investigation ordered by tht cable of
March 4.
"Further Instructions In both matters are re
quired by the following fact*: Press d!s
ratchee etate that upon the trial of Major Wal
ter, of the Marine Corps, testimony was siren
*y Waller, corroborated by other witnesses,
that General Jacob H. Smith Instructed him to
kill and burn; that the more he killed and
burned the better pleased General Smith would
be; that it was no time to take prisoners, and
that when Major Waller asked General'Smlth
to o>fln«> the ace limit for kllllnt. he replied:
•Everything over ten.'
"If such testimony «u riven, and the facti
tan be established, yea wilt place General
Smith on trial by court-martial.
OFFENDERS TO BE TRIED.
"Yesterday before tbe Senate Committee on
9n3 Philippine Affairs. Serreant Charles Ril*y
tnd Private William Lewis Smith of the Twen
:y-tixth Volunteer Infantry, testified that the
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME XCI— NO. 137.
SAN FR ANCISCO, WfM^M&M^MW^^^S * 6 > SB8S!
The San Francisco Call.
president. .There was no discord In the
election of : delegates "to the ' National
League Convention, which probably will
,be held in Cleveland, Ohio, next Septem
ber. v^; '., ¦ /: . • . . % - ¦'
\ The Primary League of San Francisco,Paralysis Afflicts Police Captein.
SAN JOSE, April 13.— Police i Captain
Thomas Vance, a peace officer of this city
for more than thirty years and now up
ward of 76 years of age. suffered a stroke
of paralysis to-day, affecting his left side
so as to- incapacitate him -from walking.
His physician believes he will rally.
"WASHINGTON, April 15.— As Com
mander Beehler, the United States naval
attache at Berlin. Vienna and Rome, will
not be recalled to the United States until
next fall, the Navy Department has not
found it necessary to maEe the formal
order detailing his successor as naval at
tache, and this order probably will be de
layed until late In the summer. As has
been stated before, the Navy Department
has contemplated the assignment of Lieu
tenant Commander Templin Potts, now
on duty at Annapolis, to this foreign
service.
Just a year ago, Mr. Potts, hearing
that Commander Beehler was soon to be
relieved, made application for the as
signment, and as he was the first to ap
ply and was otherwise fitted for the ser
vice desired, he was slated for the place.
All of this antedated the Schley court of
inquiry, at which Mr. Potts was a wit
ness, by nearly half a year; in fact, the
court was not then In contemplation. It
Is said at the department that nothing is
known of any intention to change the
plans relative to the successor to Com
mander Beehler. though, of course, the
formal order not having been made a
change could be easily effected.
It was stated at the Navy Department,
however, that while there might be some
delay in relieving Commander Beehler,
owing to the importance of the work he
has in hand and desires to finish, when
he is retired it will be by Lieutenant
Commander Potts, in accordance with the
custom of the department.
FOTTS TO SUCCEED
COMMANDER BEEHLEB
theless it is a fact that Alden Anderson
was hoodwinked by Dibble and Johnson
into appointing a majority of Gagelinja
to the committee on resolutions.
The weakness of the Governor's sup
porters was manifest when the blanket
resolution, commending him and the other
State officials, was read to the convention.
A bunch of forty or liity State office hold
ers shouted, but four-nfths of the dele
gate body made no sign of approval. Tha
hearty demonstrations of applause whichi
greeted Preston, Pardee and Edson when
they appeared before the convention made
it plain that the Indifference to the Gaga
resolution was studied. ¦ .
One of Governor Gage's close ' political
friends gave out the intimation to-night
to several delegates from Southern Cali
fornia that the Governor was no longer
allied with Burns— that all political obli
gatjpns to the latter had been paid. Th©
Governor's closest friends are now telling
him that his fellowship with Burns is tha
chief cause of his unpopularity. Develop
ments within the next week or so will
demonstrate that Gage is not the only
letter writer in the boss camp. Colonel
Burns has taken up the pen.
The henchmon of Gage are deeply cha
grined that the Governor has entered tn»
list of letter writers. One of hi3 most
trusted supporters said to-night:
"Had I seen the letter before It was
read to the convention I would have bluo
penciled the allusion to other aspirants.
The letter has made him a lot of ene
mies."
The absurdity of the Gage allusion to
aspirants influencing the convention by
their presence is glaring when it is con
sidered in the light of the* known fact
that fifty or more State ofHce holders ap
pointed as delegates to shout for the Gov»
ernor came to the convention early and)
remained until adjournment.
ment, which he insisted was an Insult : to
Congressman Loud, the representative
from the Fifth District. Continuing, he
said: ... " t
\_ThIs convention should , not be used, by any
man or party of men to attack Congressman
Loud in his absence. We have no right to take
up this matter at this time, nor is it proper to
attack a man who has not the opportunity of
-defending himself . before this convention. ; I
hope you will vote this amendment down.
,, A delegate arose in the rear of the hall
and yelled that the amendment was no
attack upon Loud or anybody else. It
was merely, designed to be an expres
sion of the opinion of California Repub
licans that the letter-carriers should have
better pay. \ - '
Martin. Kelly said that the Republican
Alliance, to the number of 2000 good, hon
est and sincere Republicans, heartily in
dorsed "Wolfe's resolution, and demanded
its adoption by the convention.
Dozens of delegates sought to obtain a
hearing. . George W. Lewis heartily in
dorsed the. amendment, but he was in
terrupted by a call to order, and In a
temporaryUull Chairman Hale of the res
olution committee explained that Wolfe's
resolution was not shelved without ample
reason for that step. He said:
.•"We were presented with the copy of an ex
ecutive order, signed by President Roosevelt,
in March directing that all letter-carriers or
other Federal employes who , participated in
legislation of any description with a view. to
the increase of their salaries shall be liable to
dismissal from the public service. We thought
it best under the- circumstances to lay the letter
carrier resolution on the table and that action
was accordingly taken.
Hale's explanation served to add fuel
to the flames " rather than to quell the
ifires of opposition which were beginning
to. kindle in every direction." Lincoln Sav
age of San . Francisco shouted that the
convention was a gathering of Repub
licans, every one of whom was a free
agent, capable of and willing to perform
his own sweet will. He continued: :
I want to say ¦ there ' are no strings on - me.
President Roosevelt or any act" Of his does not
influence any act of mine as a delegate in this
convention. The Republican party of Califor
nia is the . friend of the worktngmen, and we,
as its representatives, should' not ignore the
claims of the letter-carriers f<?r our support.
,The Republican • Primary League Is In sym
pathy with this movement and I hope you will
carry this amendment. * . ; , . .
Sylvester of . San Francisco
Suicide of a ;,Wido-w.
:Mrs. T/.J/Kell; a. widow i aged 50 years,
residing; at ; 15ff - : Fif th C street, committed
suicide yesterday ¦ afternoon I by 1 , swallow-'
ing a quantlty«of carbolic acid. -< Grief over
the" death of who/died in New
York, a few weeks ago is said to be cause
of 'the. suicide.- ; % , -.- ; •
Special i Dispatch to The Call. ,
TACOMA, April 15.— A new method for
extracting gold from base ores 1 has been
developed by.: : WilliamL. Long of Salem,
Or. After years of, effort he has perfected
his .process and - lately has given a prac
tical demonstration ; of Its success. V-l
quantity; of , ore from -the Darnell
mine atiKalama was taken to Salem last
week and put through the. process. It
yielded: gold atthe rate 'Of over $60 per
ton, which is ' three ' times as much -as
has been taken out of the same kind of
ore by '.smelting. ... ,. . ¦
- .Briefly 'Stated, Long's process separates
,the : gold, from ", the fore, which " is put
through various j solutions after crushing.
After, settling twelve hours: the liquid is
Bkimmed like cream, the gold being taken
off the -top,- where 2 it- has risen like .a
thick scum. .Manager Yeck of the Darnell
mine s believes Long's claim that this pro
cess : matures ? latent' gold which cannot
be .obtained; by other processes. ¦
.Longs does; not claim, any: advantage
over ;the smelter • In ; handling i high-grade
ore, but believes; it will. greatly, increase
the j amount jj saved .- f rom> low-grade ores
Long iwlll . not patent the, process but
intends ; making : the secret public. ;' Mining
men ¦ believe that . Long's > process is slm
ilar-to.that of 'Prof essdr'.Winn of 'Denver
whoidled before revealing, his secret; :,-'
. WASHINGTON; April Jioi-^Funeral ser
vices were held at the Church 'of the Cov
enant this afternoon >;' over? 'the body of
Rev. Dr. T. De Witt Talmage. The large
church was crowded to the r -doors-.
The \ funeral ceremonies .' began ¦ at 5
o'clock and occupied more* than an hour.
Rev. Dr. Teunis S.Hamlln," pastor of the
Church of the Covenant^' and Rev. Drs.
Thomas Chalmers Easton f of this city and
S. B. Niccols: and James Demare3t, both
of Brooklyn, officiated. The casket rested
immediately , in front., of - the , pulpit- and
over it was ¦ a massive' bed ' of violets.
The floral offerings were numerous, most
ly of lilies of the valley and'iwhite roses,
Including a wreath sent rrom the White
House by President and Mrs? 'Roosevelt".
.The members of the stricken family oc
cupied pews on the right, while across the
aisle from them were the honorary pall
bearers: Justices Harlan and Brewer .of
the Supreme Court of the United States.
Senators Cullom ; of Illinois, Burrows of
Michigan and Dolliver of Iowa,. Repre
sentative William Arden Smith'of-Mich
igan, ex-Secretary of State John VW.P06-.
ter, ;Rev.- Drs. Louis Klopsch'' of v New;
York and Bittinger and FisRe of this clty{
J. ; L. MacGruder of this city, - E. .• H.
Branch and F. ;M. Lawrence, lifelong
Brooklyn friends ¦ of v the . dead minister,
and B. H. Warner, of this city. ¦-.; ".¦••-':•-„>¦!«•
JAfter the family.! had 'entered '¦-'¦ a .inkle
quartet ' ; sang ,' "Lead; Kindly Light," a
Ministers . Join^iii^ Eulo
gizing the' LatVKsv.
Dr. Talmage.
Oregohian Finds Way bt
Extracting Precious
Metals; ; V-V
ORE SUPPLIES
GOLDEN CREAM
favorite hymn of -Dr. Talmage,: and dur-*
ing the services sang "Beyond the Sigh
ing and the Weeping" and "It Is 'Well
With : My Soul."... Dr. -Hamlin : In his ad
dress. pictured Dr. Talmage as one of the
great clergymen of the • country. ;,
Dr. ' Demarest referred to the student
life of the deceased. He said Dr. Talmage
sometimes had. been charged with being
sensational,- but he . was sensational be
cause he must be and it; was natural.
Dr. Easton protested that it was yet too
early to measure Dr. .Talmage; that death
clears our vision, removes or. minimizes
our prejudices and reduces the supposed
faults. He said . that Dr. Talmage was
made of the stock from which : martyrs
spring and that no, man had lived; so
apostolic a life since the days of Paul.
Dr. Nlccol3 i referred! to the dead man's
philanthropic .-.; deeds and characterized
him as a brave heart and noble soldier of
the cross. ¦ 1
Dr. Hamlin closed- the services .1 with
prayer. Then' the :" Immediate relatives,
first Mrs..: Talmage, leaning on the' arm
of her eldest son. Rev. . Frank Talma ge of
Chicago, Mr. and Mrs. .Clarence L. Wyck
eff of Utica, N. Y.,; Mr. 'and Mrs. Mangarn
of New York. Mr.", and . Mrs.'- Doonan of
Richmond : and . others of the family • fol
lowing, 1 passed to ¦ their carriages.
Following this 'the., crowd . within the
church passed by the bier. ( The casket
remained in the church until late this
evening, when • it was : placed upon a spe
cial car ; attached to the Pennsylvania
train,' leaving here ; for New, York at 12:10
a.,,m.v -The -remains ' will be. 1 interred to
morrow morning at; Greenwood Cemetery
in Brooklyn after services , conducted by
Rev. Dr. , Howard . Suydam of Rhinebeck,
SAN JOSE, April 15.-r-Reports of officers
were the first' matters at the
afternoon session of the'league. President
Anderson introduced \ tils I with a brief
statement ' as '• to the amount of work done
during' the past year, particularly in Sac
ramento. The report was then read by
the secretary- He ; said the increase in
the number of clubs" was very gratifying,
and he recommended the appointment of
a committee to place the . organization on
a permanent basis and establish State
headquarters. He urged the appointment
of a committee .to. put -the records into
Alden Anderson :1s Re-elected to
the Presidency Without a
Dissenting Vowel
LEAGUE NAMES
ITS OFFICERS
walked upand down the center aisle," wild
ly brandishing a heavy cane. He shout
ed that the convention was independent
and that every delegate should have the
right to express himself as he might see«
fit on every subject that presented itself.
Assemblyman Brown of San Mateo on
gaining recognition said, he never thought
it possible that the time would ever come
in California .Republicanism when the
right of a convention of the kind now In
session to amend its platform would be
disputed. He declared it was absurd to
say that Wolfe's amendment? was an in
sult to Congressman Loud, and he urged
that the amendment be adopted and the
efforts of the letter-carriers for their own
advancement be thereby officially recog
nized. .
There is no telling how long the discus
sion might have continued had not Presi
dent Anderson put the amendment, while
several speakers -were, vehemently de
manding the floor. It was carried with a
tremendous "aye," and the platform was
Immediately thereafter -adopted by a
rousing vote. A' recess .was then taken.
until 2 o'clock.- -.: /
He was followed by E. H. Hutchison,
one of "Teddy's Terrors" of Los Angeles,
who briefly discussed the principles of
Republicanism, . which he declared ..were
pure, honorable and ennobling. He be
lieved they would endure forever In this
great country of. treemen and 'he. pre
dicted for them an overwhelming victory
In the campaign about to open.
PLATFORM IS PRESENTED.
At this juncture President Anderson
was informed that the committee on reso
lutions was ready to submit its report to
the convention. The announcement was
received in silence and the delegates set
tled back in their seats, each recognizing
that the momentous hour had arrived.
Much depended upon . the character and
scope of the .report, which, if adopted,
bound the party unalterably to the set of
principles it espoused. A deep hush fell
upon ¦ the crowded hall when - O. A." Hale
advanced to -read the document. The in
dorsement of President xtoosevelt was
genuinely concurred in, but the mention of
Governor Gage's name fell with the ef
fect of a wet blanket upon the vast audi
ence. - • - •
Scarcely had Hale finished the reading
of the resolutions and moved their adop
tion when Senator E. I.'. Wolfe of'- San
Francisco arose and asked to know- what
became of his resolution offered -yester
day, indorsing the Lodge bill now before
the Seriate, which provides for an increase
of the salaries of the letter-carriers. Be
fore Hale could reply Wolfe offered an
amendment that the resolution submitted
by him be made part of the original reso
lution. Wolfe resumed: . ¦.
The Republican party of California must put
itself on record in this matter. We cannot af
ford to Ignore the claims of the wage-earners
of California to our consideration and exist
ence. Everybody knows that the letter-carriers
are the poorest paid employes of the Federal
Govarnment. The bill, which I hope" this con
vention ' will indorse, raises the salaries of
letter-carriers from $1000 to $1200 a year after
four years of service. Is that too much for any
working man who has a family to support' I
hope you will look at this In the proper light
and for the greater glory of the party do some
thing: to aid the letter-carriers in obtaining
better pay. .
DEBATB GROWS EXCITING.
A..B. Truman succeeded In gaining the
floor, although twenty men sought that
privilege simultaneously. . He declared
his unalterable opposition to the amend-
PAY TRIBUTES
TO DEAD PASTOR
HOW SOME "WAg H6p5ES;v^APPEARED JO A CALL CARTOONIST
Ehove and make it a success. (Applause.) %
WOMAN'S VOICE IS HEARD.
Mrs. Addie L. Ballou of San Francisco
was given three cheers when, after -her
introduction by the chairman, she ad
vanced to speak. She said she had heard
a great deal from the speakers in the con
vention about almost everything except
woman. What would the Republican
party be had it not been for the good Re
publican women who reared their chil
dren properly? Resuming, she said:
"Within the present century the recognition of
woman and her rights is bound to come. Many
gentlemen have said that they can't get along
without the women and I agree with them.
You can't get rid of us. (Laughter.) We have
ten women delegates here and we are going to
stay with you till the end. We are not looking
for office, either. (Laughter.) I was raised in
the school of politics. My first recollection of
the school was the sheltering by my father and
mother of a fugitive slave. That was an ex
perience which taught me that freedom in this
land of ours was at times a delusion and a
snare. I can"t make a speech because I am a
woman, and the mission of woman is only to
talk — to talk and to rock the cradle. (Laugh
ter.) But in that cradle we women will rock
the child of Republicanism; we women will
help you in every way to elect your candidates;
we women are with you, because, we think
your principles are right; we womaii of Cali
fornia, therefore, bid you godspeed^
EDSON AND PARDEE SyEAK.
E. B. Edson of Siskiyou delivered a
brief address. He said the Republicans
of California were full of charity for all
and malice toward none. He [believed
that the principles of the party would
prevail in November and he urged his
hearers to assist in securing the election
cf the Republican candidates that were
to be chosen by the convention.
George C. Pardee of Oakland was called
for, and on his appearance on the plat
form he was heartily cheered. He said
he had no apology to offer for being pres
ent at the convention, because it was his
duty as a Republican to assist by his
presence the party tp which he owed al
legiance. Continuing, he said:
I am proud to say that I am a Californtan,
and I am prouder to say that I regard Califor
nia as one of the greatest, if not the greatest,
States of the Union. To-day California stands
nearer the center of the world's wealth, cul
ture and education than does any othe,r part of
God's footstool. We are on the eve of a cam
paign, and as our hoarse San Franciscans say,
we hail the nominee whomsoever he may be. It
Is our duty as true Republicans to work for the
cause of good government, as exemplified by the
principles of the Republican party at all times
and under all circumstances. Let us act in
harmony; let us work as a unit in the Interests
of our party and success is certain to be ours.
WIT ENLIVENS ORATORY.
General H. H. Pierce of Los Angeles
delivered a brief address. He said this
was no time for argument; it was a time
merely to resolve to accomplish things.
The highways and byways of our na
tional progress were marked by the
wrecks of Democratic ambitions and
hopes. In the speaker's judgment the
Republican party was ready now to take
the Democratic party. to the shambles in
November. The address • was enlivened
by the relation of several anecdotes which
were provocative of laughter.
Thomas H. Selvage .of Humboldt said
if he were making the World he would be
gin with San Jose and Santa Clara Coun
ty iir.d make the rest to conform with the
beauty of the central setting. He would
then make a San Francisco, whither one
could go occasionally for a change of
diet. He would also make a Los Angeles,
but this reminded him that there was a
Kood deal of California lying north of
Tehachapl. He wanted the people of that
section to be satisfied with something less
than the whole of everything. He was
willing to give the capital to Sacramento,
but with it there should go- a natural
f.lter. The speaker closed with a humor
ous reference to the Democratic party,
•which he declared was a political corpse
that cculd never be revived.
COLORED DELEGATE TALKS.
Thomas Pearson of Oakland, a member
of the Afro- American League, said he
was proud of the Republican party be
cause it was through that party that the
inestimable privilege of American citizen
ship was conferred upon him. He paid
his respects to women and expressed the
conviction that they would soon receive
the right of suffrage for which they were
struggling. When that day arrived, there
would be no party that would defeat the
great Republican party, at the polls.
Pearson closed with a stirring apos
trophe to the members of the "Army and
Navy -League and when he concluded he
was cheered with genuine enthusiasm.
The secretary was Instructed to have
an engrossed copy of the McKinley me
morial resolutions sent to Mrs. McKin
ley, and also to telegraph a copy of the
resolutions adopted in reference to Chi
nese exclusion to the California delega
i.on in Congress. •
By a rising vote the convention adopted
a resolution of thanks to the citizens of
San Jose.. and at 3:30 o'clock the conven
tion adjourned.
• One ot the most interesting contests
was that over the selection or six dele
gates to the National League :of Republi
can Clubs. Ferd K. Rule of Los Angeles
was named by General Pierce; George E.
de Golia, named Russell G. Lukens of
Alameda; Judge George H. Bahrs, as rep
resentative of the German-American Al
liance of San Francisco, nominated John
D. Spreckels: H. C. - Dibble placed the
name of M. H. de Young before the con-,
vention; Judge A. G. Burnett of Santa
Rosa and S. C. Rogers of San Francisco,
the fatter a member of the Afro-Ameri
can League, were nominated. The vote
of the convention was cast for these six
men. A delegate from the Republican
Mutual Alliance brought the name of Col
onel J. C. Giesting before the convention,
but withdrew it as soon as he was in
formed that six names had already been
presented.
Some of the nominating and seconding
speeches were of a high order, particu
larly that of Judge Bahrs in presenting
the name of John D. Spreckels. His
speech won a great round of applause.
1 he executive committee of the State
League will select the alternates, if neces
sary, prior to the meeting of the conven
tion.
Two committees of nine members each
will be appointed by Chairman Anderson
to carry out the recommendations made
in his report. - . ». .
General H. H. Pierce of Los Angeles, on
"behalf of 8000 veterans in the Army and
Navy League and 25,000 other veterans,"
named Major Andrew G. Myers of Siskl
you for vice president. Grove L. John
son, in a speech in which he said young
men should be at the head of the league,
aroused considerable indignation. He
named Judgff A. G. Burnett-, of Santa
Rosa, but Burnett graciously declined the
honor, and the nomination of Myers was
made by acclamation.
D. E. Gosper named S. E. Crow of Santa
Barbara for second vice president, and
he had no opposition.
Felton Taylor of Alameda was promoted
to the secretaryship on motion of Charles
M. Shortridge, seconded by Secretary
LindJey. J.,i>\ Nourse of San Francisco,
on motion of Senator E. I. Wolfe, was
chosen assistant secretary. H. W. Otter
of San Jose was elected treasurer.
shape. Thanks were tendered to Colonel
George B. Stone and Jacob Steppacher for
assistance rendered.
Secretary Lindley reported that 131
clubs -were affiliated with the State
League of Clubs. They were entitled to
3575 delegates, representing a club mem
bership of 77,300.
A. b. Truman presented the report of
the committee on location of the next
biennial convention, in 1SXH, .and recom
mended that Sacramento be selected. It
was unanimously adopted. -
The election of officers for the coming
term was productive of much «nthusiasm.
Cleo Lloyd was in the chair when D. E.
McKinlay of San Francisco named Alden
Anderson for a second term as president.
Delegates from all parts of the nail, rep
resenting every Congressional district in
the State, arose and seconded his nom
ination. The secretary, was instructed to
cast the ballot of the convention for An
derson. He was escorted to the stage by
a committee, consisting of C. W. Pendle
ton, D. F. Hunt and *'. E. Dunlap. An
derson was given an ovation when he ap
peared on the -stage. He very briefly re
turned thanks for the honor.
The following were appointed commit
teemen on. the president's recommenda
tions: First recommendation, E. F. Tread -
well - of San Francisco: second recom
mendation, John W. Sullivan of "San
Jose. . ,••-•¦.
The following were unanimously elected
delegates and alternates to the National
Convention of Republican Clubs: X»ele
grates^-Louis O'Neal of San Jose. Edward
I. "Wolfe of San Francisco, CM. Barker
of San Jose and "W. E. Stevens of Cuper
tino;, alternates— A. M. Holloday of San
Jose, Fred L. Cottle of San Jose, F. M.
Thomas of San Jose nad A. E. Shumat"
of San Jose.
SAN JOSE, April 15.— A meeting of the
delegates from the Fifth Congressional
District was held after the adjournment
of the convention, and the following offi
cers for the ensuing ' term . were elected
by acclamation: President, ¦ Edward T.
Wolfe of San Francisco; first vice presi
dent,- John ' J.' Conlon of San, Francisco;
second, vice president, C. M. Barker of
San Jose; secretary,/ Milton A. . Nathan
of San Francisco: treasurer, L. L. Riley
of San- Jose. . ; " ¦ , -
FIFTH DISTRICT OFFICERS.
SAN JOSE, April -lS.-Delegates rushed
for .the outgoing, trains immediately after
the convention dissolved. Some of the
visitors remained to'" enjoy the open *air
concert in St. James Park, but the large
tnrong assembled . to listen to the -music
was composed mainly, of residents • Many
delegates who went to San Jose display-
Ing badges returned with cherry blos
soms as trophies of the outing.
RUSH FOR THE TRAINS.
3 — Report of committee on resolution*.
4 — Reports of officers.
15 — Reports of other committees.
6 — Report of committee for selecting place
for holding next tfennial convention of State
league, date lor the convention to be left
with the executive committee.
7 — Unfinished business.
M — Election tit the president.
»— Election of Erst vice president.
10 — Election of second vice president.
II — Election or the secretary. " ~
12 — Election of the assisuxnt secretary.
13 — Election of treasurer. — '.- . .."
14 — Election of six delegates at large to the
rational convention.
15 — Ratifying the election "of four delegates
from each Congressional District. .
TBIBUTE TO THE MAKTYE.
When Dr. Pardue of Oakland, chairman
of the committee on memorial to Presi
dent McKinley, advanced to present his
report, he was given an ovation. When
the enthusiasm subsided he read the fol
lowing brief memorial, which was adopted
without a dissenting voice: '
Since the last convention of the California
State League of Republican Clubs it has been
the will of God. in his infinite wisdom, to
plunge this great nation into deepest grief by
removing, at the hand of an assassin, tliat
errejtt soldier, statesman and President, William
McKinley. As a soldier, as a statesman, as a
President, as a husband, as a man, and, .greater
than all. as an American citizen, his memory
is seated deep in the hearts of all Americans,
without regard to color, religion or party.
Realizing all this, and feeling that words
cannot express the feelings that surge through
every American's soul at the mention of his
illustrious name, it is the heartfelt wish of
this gathering of Republicans to join- with their
fellow citizens in mourning their great loss,
and to sympathize with her whom he. In his
busy and eventful life, loved. so well.
ELOQUENCE OF SHORTBIDGE.
The committee on resolutions sent a
message announcing its inability to file its
report until later and President Anderson
announced that si>eeches would be in or
der. He called upon Samuel hi. Short
ridge for remarks and the mention of the
tall orators name was the signal for con
siderable cheering. Shortridge bowed his
thanks, smiled benignantly and then, said
he intended to remember the old maxim
that "brevity is wit." He launched with
out waste of time into the discussion of
his subject. He humorously referred to
the orange blossoms and peach groves of
the south- and to the orange bitters so
easily procured in San Jose. He paid Jiis
respects to the Army and Navy League
saying that the preservation of the na
tion was due to the veterans of the Civil
W ar.
The speaker alluded to the colored man.
The first blood of the revolution was shed
by a colored man, he said, and in the
late war the negro did much to preserve
the Union. »
The speaker dwelt with some eloquence
upon the aims of Republicanism, the
erand victories won by the party and the
brilliant hopes the future held forth It
was the Republican party that had ma
tured the greatest nation of the world
and through that party the American na
tion was destined to accomplish even
greater things than those which brighten
the pages of its history of the past forty
years.
COLONEL PEESTON'S TALK.
Colonel E. P. Preston i*ext addressed
the convention in a happy vein. He said:
Mr. Chairman and Gentlemen of the State
League of Republican Clubs: I am in the
position before you that my friend Brusie de
picted yesterday afternoon. He eaid that he
needed the stimulus of an emergency to enable
him to talk. There being no emergency he
proceeded to make a very happy speech, con
tradicting himself and establishing a paradox;
but what can a man say to you after the
orations and speeches to which you have
listened ?
This audience, the gathering that I see of
Republicans, the harmonious intent and the
evident disposition to place the party upon
a solid platform during the approaching con
test are evidence to me of the power and
propriety of such an organization as this.
You come here saturated with Republicanism,
which has been injected into you at every pore
since you have been here, and there is little
if anything that I could add or say about
Republicanism or the republic that would be
new or that would perhaps interest you.
We do feel, all of us, that the Republican,
party is the creative party of men and prin
ciples in this United States of America. (Ap
plause.) We feel that "whether it is the
emancipation of slavery or whether It is the
emancipation of Cuba the Republican party
has always gone to the front with the as
sertion of the principle and the courage to
carry it to a successful conclusion. In look
ing through the names of the men that are
writ upon the walls of the temple in words
of flame it is the Republican party that placed
there the name of Abraham Lincoln of
Ulysses S. Grant and of William McKinley.
It was the Republican party that, after that
sectional strife when the blue and the gray
met upon the battle field, I say again it was
the Republican party that placed the stars of
the major general upon Fitzhugh Lee's shoul
ders, upon the shoulders of General Wheeler,
cemented in one common mass these United
States of America, that all the world might
bow with us. (Applause.)
Gentlemen, this republic can never retreat
in its policy; It must always advance — advance
In the cause of humanity; advance in the cause
of statesmanship, and it must advance in the
cause of self-preservation. A Jeffersonian
Democrat of the day of Jefferson knew nothing
of the wants of a modern battleship; a Dem
ocrat of the day of Jefferson knew nothing
about the necessities of a manufacturing com
munity in these United States that required an
,open door for our trade in China or India, or
wherever we may want to s"nd our eoods. A
Democrat of the day of Jefferson knew noth
ing about a world tir.elingr with electricity and
sparkling with electric lights and the intel
ligence of the masses raised from the ground.
FUTUBE'OF CAXIFOBNIA.
And what is California? We speak of Cali
fornia as a woman, beautiful as Diana, leaning
t;pon her chield, supported by the bear and
looking through the Golden Gate to the Orient
That was the dream of the men of 1813 and
T)0, when they created the great seal of the
State of California. To-day if she were to be
represented it would be as a young giant,
trembling with life end power and quivering
in every portion of its body with its new
found strength, with its arms reached to the
Orient, not looking through the Golden Gate.
but craspinjr Its riches and' Ficres from the
Arctic and down through the Yellow" Sea and
all the Chinese ports. It would look out over
e domain and away in the Paciflc Ocean.
lapped by Us blue waves upon the islands of
Hawaii. It would find God's banner placed
there by the Republican administration sailing
on through the tropic seas, down near the
equatorial line: it would find the Philippines
this would be God's message to man — the stars
and stripes planted there by the Republican
administration.
Thete questions mean trade; they mean in
flux; they mean money: they mean prosperity.
It is that which crowns the Republican party
•with its diadem of success and holds it admin
istration after administration in the hearts of
the American people. It is because ehe has
led you not only through the battle field, but
through the roads of commerce and prosperity
and wealth and happiness.
We love California for what she is — her blue
*ky. her mountains, valleys, streams and her
wealth, but we love her most of all for all
the men who live here, who are In sympathy
with God s handiwork and around whose hearts
coun-es the rich blood of manhood. And this
State owes it to itself— this Kepubjican party
r.ot only owes it to Itself but it bwps it to
the State — that It should be triumphant in the
Throw personality to the dogs. It makes no
difference who goes to the head or the ticket
Sf he is a nian who can win before the people
whoever goes, whoever is selected as the
head of this preat party, we will all pet in
Behind him uith a whoop and a push and a
Continued From Page One.
CONVENTION AIDS LETTER CARRIERS
CONVENTION HARMONIOUS TO THE END
;THE SAX pAgCISCOfCAI^ WEDNESDAY, APRIL 16, 1902.
Continued From First Page.
COMMENDATION IS LIMITED.
2
-.ToCure Grip" in Two Days, v '
• Laxative - Bromo-Quinine reirioves ; th» 7 caUM.T
E.-..W. ¦ Grove's ilgnatur* on ; every box. ." ; • ' '
ATTENTION,
VOTERS!
Register \at Once,
v All citizens must register : to
vote at any Election of 1902.
Office open from 8:30 a. m. to 5
p. m., and WEDNESDAY.
EVENING from Stop., '
By order of the Board of Elec-
tion Commissioners.
-I [ THOMAS J: WALSH, /
H| Registrar of Voters.
g Sm"^ At the New Music Store of . '
i The lA/itey B. Allen Co.
r 821 MARKET ST. (Bet. Fifth and Sixth).
% You Will Find for Sale the New
h CHASE & BAKER PIANO PLAYER
h The most perfect of all players. With it anyone
5 can play the most Intricate and. difficult compositions .
g of music in an artistic manner with perfect comfort-
j| Impromptu recitals each afternoon. \
Spring Humors
Cause many troubles — pimples, boils
and other eruptions, besides loss of
appetite, that tired feelingr, fits cf
biliousness, indigestion and headache.
The way to get rid of them and to
build up the system that has 'suffered
from them is to take
Hood's Sarsaparilla
and Pills
forming in combination the SprinE:
Medicine par . ¦ excellence, unequaled
for purifying the blood, as shown by
radical and permanent cures of
Scrofula Salt Rheum
Scald Head Bolls, Pimples
All Kinds of Humor Psoriasis
Blood Poisoning Rheumatism
Catarrh Dyspepsia, Etc
Testimonials of remarkable cures mailed <?a
request. C. I. HOOD CO.. Lowell, Mass.
—^— — — — — — •
OFFICE
CHIEF OF POLICE
SAN FKANCI3C0. C»l., April 15, 1902.
$250.00 JEWARD!
I hereby offer a reward of TWO HtTNT>Rin>
AND FIFTY DOLLARS In United States gold
coin for information that will lead to the ar-
rest and conviction of the persons that assault-
ed Thomas Garrett Esq. during the forenoon of
the 12th of this month, on Post street, be-
tween Grant avenue and Stockton street, la
this city. ¦ .
(Signed). GEO. W. WITTilAN.
. Chief of Pollca.
- — .
0 visit DR. JORDAN'S great 6
{MUSEUM OF ANATOMY?
\ Xf^ T^ e Largest Acatomicil Museum in the *
9 /**&&*, 2* oci<t W^kooje* or any contracted A
Z. W!£itS$&l *««« »««i"»«»ly corni br the oldest T
1 a«3£* A DR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN A
\ f ®W^S Conroltation free *nd strictly print- \
f I J&^Z B TrMun;nt personally er by letter. A A
\ I W U H *—t— «vr»oi every case undertaken. Y
M F II tllP Write for Book, rULgROPMYaf A
f • If 1 ninai.UE. mailed fuse, ilw
' A » tt wta«ble »«*>* for n»">) \
T DB. JORDAN A CO.. 1051 Marfe?t St.. S. F. V
DIREGTORY
v OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Priee Lists Mailed
on Application.
COAL! COKB'AND'piQ'ISOTr.'
J. C WIT SON & Cft *°° Stw«t.
4' W- niLJUll (I tU-. Telephona Mala 1864.
., FRESH AND SALT MEATS;
JAS.BOYES&CO ¦&m a £5teS£
OILS.
LUBRICATING OILS. LEONARD & ELLI3L
418 Front »t.. S. F. Phono Main 1TU>.
PRINTING.
ECvBUGHES, msS^.a.r.
PRINTERS, BOOKBINDERS
THE HICKS-JUDO CO..
. 23 First street. San FYinclieo.
WeeHy Call, $L00 per Year
ADVERTISEMENTS.Continued From Page One.
SAN' JOSE, April 15.— Robert Bennett,
knov.-n as the llount Hamilton hermit,
was found dead in his cabin near Lick
Observatory to-night. He was a man of
culture and refinement, who went into the
mountains twenty-five years ago to ob
tain relief from asthma, and had since
earned a livelihood by making manzanlta
souvenirs, -which he sold to tourists. He
was 6S years of age. Death was' from
natural causes.
Mount Hamilton Hermit Dead.
HITCH DELAYS PEACE IN AFRICA.
"If you can discover any witnesses still In
the service in the Philippines who can testify
in support of the charges, or If Major Glenn
desires the attendance of any persons now
serving In the islands as witnesses for the de
fense, you will direct them to proceed to San
Francisco for that purpose. As the two years
allowed for the prosecution by the statute of
limitations is nearly at an end, no time is to
b« lost. You will take such course In advanc
ing or postponing the Investigations previously
ordered into the conduct of General Smith and
Major Glenn as shall be required to enable
you to execute these Instructions. It Is believed
that the violations of law and humanity, of
which these cases. If true, are examples, will
prove to be few and occasional, and not to
characterize the conduct of the army general
ly in the Philippines; but the fact that any
such acts cf cruelty and barbarity appear to .
have been done Indicates the necessity . of a
most thorough, searching and exhaustive In
vestigation Into the general charges preferred
by Governor Gardener, and you will spare no
effort, in the investigation already . ordered
under theee charges, to uncover every such case
which may have occurred and bring the of
fenders to justice."
The President desires to know In the fullest
and most circumstantial manner all the facts,
nothing being ccncealed and no man being for
any reason favored or shielded. For the very
reason that the President intends to back up
the army in the heartiest fashion in every law
ful and legitimate method of doing its work, he
also intends to see that the most rigorous care
Is exercised to detect and prevent any cruelty
or brutality and that men who are guilty there
of are punished.
Great as the provocation has been In deal
ing with foes who habitually resort to treach
ery, murder and torture against our men,
nothing can justify or will be held to Justify
the use of torture or inhuman conduct of any
kind on the part of the American army.
ELIHU HOOT,
April 13, 1802. Secretary of War.-
form o* torture known as the 'water cure' was
administered to the presidente of the town of
iRbarras. Iloilo province, island of Panay. by
detachments of the Eighteenth United States
Infantry under command of Lieutenant Arthur
L. Cong-er. under orders of Major Edwin F.
Glenn, then captain of the Twenty-fifth In
fantry, and that Captain and Assistant Surgeon
Palmer Lyon, at that time a contract surgeon,
was present to assist them. The officers
named, or such of them as are found to be
responsible for the act. will be tried therefor
by court-martial. Conger and Lyon are in this
country. Both the Twenty-sixth Volunteer- In
lantry and Eighteenth Infantry having return
ed to the United States and most of the wit
nesses being presumptively here, the Secretary
of AVar directs that Major E. F. Glenn. Twen
ty-fifth Infantry, be directed to proceed to San
Francisco and report to the seneral command
ing the Department of California, with a -view
to his trial by court-martial under charges al
l*-£ing the cruelties practiced by him upon a
native of the Philippine Islands at Igbarras,
oa the 27th of June. 1900.
VICTORIA. B. C. April 15.— Two Chi
nese who threw stones at the carriage
•which contained the wife of the Italian
Minister to Ptiting. have been executed,
according to dispatches to the Japanese
Times. The two Chinese stood in front
cf a bazaar and hurled some etones at the
carriage and ran. Native police gave
chase and they were caught soon after
wards, and when complaint was made by
the Italian Minister they were publicly
executed. The punishment was considered
too severe in the Chinese capital.
Stone-Throwing Costs Them Life.
Continued From Page One.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, April . 15.— Mrs. Emily
York was burned to death, at her home,
1525 E street, this afternoon while en
gaged in cleaning furniture with gaso
line. It appears that she filled a sprink
ling pot with the fluid and that a candle
which she had lighted to aid her; in the
work ignited the vapor and caused an ex
plosion. v . . :
A terrific report was heard in the neigh
borhood, and in a moment Mrs. -York ap
peared at a second-story window en
veloped in flames. She threw herself from
the window, and when picked up was
dead, her body being horribly scarred
from the fire. The house was saved from
destruction with great difficulty. ¦ . . . .
Only last Thursday Mrs. Florence
Wagener died in this city as the result of
a somewhat similar accident. Her hus-'
band had been called away from home
temporarily, and M?s. Wagener sought to
pass away the time untih his return by
cleaning some gloves with gasoline. She
carried a lighted candle into the bath
room and had begun to use the gasoline
when the blaze from the candle struck
the fumes. In a minute Mrs. Wagener
was covered with flames. She lingered m
agony until the next morning, when she
died.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BEDDING, April For the fourth
time Thomas Kelly's hotel and \ saloon
at the point at Iron "Mountain was burned
to the ground at 2 o'clock this morning;
The place was deliberately fired, as was
the storeroom across the road. The latter
was saved. Barkeeper Cornelius J. Mur
phy- ran for ! the cash register and was
badly burned about -the head and neck
by falling brands. ' :
The building was fired with a ten-gallon
keg containing coal oil, which was de
posited upon the porch and lighted. The
seven small hoops from the keg were
found, and the bundle was also seen by
John Campbell. Billy Pasco was tending
the bar at the time the building burst
Into flames. He only had time to call
Barkeeper Murphy^* who was asleep in
the basement. Murphy ran upstairs
through, the smoke and made a dash into
the burning barroom. He carried out the
register, which contained $12. ; Nothing
else was saved. The fire hose had been
cut. The loss is $5500. with no insurance
Antioch Elects New Officials.
ANTIOCH, April 15.— The municipal
election held here to-day resulted as fol
lows: Trustees, R. Harklnson, Dr. J. W
Dewitt and J. P. Abbott; Clerk, R. Wall;
Treasurer, G. Meyer; Marshal, O. E. Vo
gel. ¦ ., .
Professor for State University.
ITHACA, N. Y., April- 15.— Assistant
Professor W. O. Winans of the Cornell
University department of oratory has'ac
cepted a position 1$, the •. University of
California, whero he .will establish a de-*
partment of public -speaking and oratory.
He will leave for the coast August 1.
X.ACONIA, Iowa. Aorll • 15.— Rev. ! Samuel
Krell, Dastor of the Methodist Church here,
and who has served two years in the Philip
pines as* a/ private, soldier in the Fifty-first
Iowa -Volunteers, .committed suicide" to-day
He was despondent over his inability to secure
a larger attendance at his church meetings.
Mrs. Vilas is a well-known society wo
man here and is about 23 years of age.
She is a widow, her husband having died
about two years ago, only a short time
after the marriaje.
Mrs. Vilas and he/" mother, Mrs. Ford,
were driving- about two miles south of
this city. When they were climbing a
bill on South Fair Oaks avenue on their
way home the bullet came without warn
ing. Mrs. Vilas uttered a scream and
said: "I am stiot." ' She did not lose con
sciousness and was rapidly driven to the
home of a physician near by. He was
not at home and the injured -woman,
rapidly growing weak from loss of blood,
¦was driven to the home of her family
physician. Dr. H. K. McComber. The bul
let entered from the right side of the back
of the neck and lodged over an inch deep
near the median line, almost scraping the
spinal cord. To-night the injured woman
Is resting- easily.
PASADENA. April 15.— Mrs. Henry C.
Vilas, widow cf the son of ex-Postmaster
General Vilas and daughter of General
Passenger Agent E. A. Ford of the Fort
Wayne branch of the Pennsylvania Rail
road, was accidentally shot through the
back of the neck yesterday afternoon
while out driving. The shot was fired by
Lester Ells, a seventeen-year-old boy.
¦who lives in South Pasader.a and was at
the time hunting squirrels with a small
rifie. Mrs. Vilas' arm and one side is
paralyzed, either through shock or on ac
count of a nerve being severed. Her at
tending physician. Dr. R. J. Stepman,
thinks she will recover.
Bullet in the Neck of Jlrs.
Vilas.
Pasadena Boy Accidentally Lands a
SHOOTS AT A ROTTTR.-r.-pt.
AND WOUNDS A WOMAN
fILIPIIIO NATIVES WILL 8E AVENGED
Among the projectors of this gigantic
enterprise are the following well-known
residents of Los Angeles^ Edwin T.-E&rl,
founder of the Earl Fruit Company; Sam
uel H. Day, dealer in real estate; J. M.
Howells and James D. Schuyler, consulting
hydraulic engineers, of San Francisco; ex-
Senator Guy C. Earl of Alameda County,
and George P. Batchelder, vice president
of the banking firm of E. K. Rollins &
Son of San Francisco. This great project
represents a movement in sympathy with
the larger effort now being put forth in
San Francisco and the interior to obtain
new men and new capital for the devel
opment of the splendid resources of
Northern California.
In addition to developing the mining
and lumber interests of this mountain
region, as well as other industries along
the route, this power will be carried to
San Francisco, a distance of 175 miles.
A large herd of fine cattle will be pas
tured during the coming- season upon the
lands acquired.
Here will be located the largest
electrical transmission plant in the
United States, save that of Ni
agara, and capable of generating up
ward of 300,000 horsepower. The Big
Meadows Basin of 11,000 acres will have
the greatest capacity of any artificial
storage reservoir known,- and will- im
pound about 50 per cent of the freshet
waters of the. North Fork of the Feather
emptying into it.
It has now become known that it is
Intended to convert these basins Into
great storage reservoirs and by about ten
miles of canal and tunnel to convey 100,
000 inches of water to the canyon of
Mosquito Creek, where, with a vertical
fall of 1600 feet. It will be dropped again
into the Feather.
GREENVIULE. Cal., April 15.— Several
large water appropriations recently made
upon the North Fork of the Feather
River disclose the object of the late pur
chases of some 13,000 acres of swamp and
pasturage lands in the Big Meadows and
Butte Valley basins In Northern Plumas
County.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Miscreants in Shasta
County Again Burn
a Hotel.
Gasoline Causes Death
of a Woman in
Sacramento.
Gigantic Reservoirs Are
to Be Prepared in
Plumas.
APPLY TORCH
A FOURTH TIME
WILL HARNESS
RIVER WATERS
DRESS BLAZES
AS SHE LEAPS
Brehlow, feeling that he was responsi
ble for the plight in which the young lady
¦was placed, jumped into the falls, re
solved to go for help. But he got only
as far as the next falls and then had to
return. He had been dressed in duck
trousers and summer coat and was now
wet from head to feet. All night the four
stayed in the cavern, until at about S
o'clock on Sunday morning the rescuing
party found them and they were drawn
forth from the prison by means of a rope
and tackle.
Finally Bazata and B.lackbura, who
¦were searching for the lost ones, located
them and managed to reach their prison.
But in the darkness no one could get back
to safety. The rescuers were just as much
prisoners as those they had intended to
save. It is cold in the mountains at this
time of the year and the party had no
food for a prolonged stay. Bazata had
two matches, but he lost them, in trying
to light his pipe.
A tally-ho party of youns people left
Alhambra, a suburb of this city.. In the
morning to spend the day picnicking in
Eaton Canyon, about six miles northeast
of here. During the afternoon Miss de
Camp and young Brehlow strolled up the
canyon. Miss de Camp is noted for her
daring and when her escort dared her to
climb down to a cave near the falls she
accepted the challenge. He climbed down
first and landed safely. The descent was
made by crawling along a slender limb
of an overhanging tree. The young lady
descended and just as she was about to
reachV he landing place the limb broke.
The breaking of the limx> removed the
means of leaving the place, for the rocks
were too smooth and steep to climb and
the falls were below. The couple shouted
in vain for help. The roar of the falls
drowned their voices.
PASADENA, April 15.— Four Alhambra
society young people were Imprisoned In
a mountain cave all Saturday night and
a portion of Sunday. They were Miss
Madge de Camp, Roscoe Brehlow. Charles
Bazata and Dura Blackburn- The episode
was a most exciting one and most dis
agreeable for the time being.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
i> P. Rasch, a prospector, arrived at Wel
ser this evening from Thunder Mountain.
He reports a discovery on the very sum
mit of Rainbow Mountain. At a point
where the snow had. been blown off he
dug gold in ledges in the crevices of the
rock. He panned a lot of it. It averaged
$1 50 a pan. He made locations and left
to get provisions. He brought gold with
him, also boulder-like quartz that is
thickly set with gold.
I "We advised every outfit we met to go
back," said Venable, "but they seemed. to
think-we were ,trying to keep them out so
as to give our friends who are there an
advantage in making locations and they
pressed on all the faster. It is simply
Idiocy, to go in there. All the money tnat
can be made by the people unacquainted
with the country and the conditions In the
next six weeks would not compensate
them for the terrible experiences. Still,
the trails are crowded. We counted more
men going in than there were in the camp
when we left."
; , Reports have reached here of men eat
ing horse and mule flesh, but Benjamin
and \ Venable could not confirm this, . al
though l they said it would not surprise
them if such were the case. They say the
district is a marvel of richness and that it
is an easy mater to' take out big wages
with ordinary rockers, if a miner is pre
pared to withstand the rigors of the awful
climate of this section. The wildness of
it is almost impossible to describe. Ground
will v be broken at once for several large
mills and -before the next winter sets in
they, say. in the neighborhood of 400
stamps will be dropping there.
. "The trails are strewn with dead pack
horses," said Benjamin. "The animals
gave.. out and were shot. People who have
rushed -to, the gold fields, in many cases
taking only enough provisions on their
backs or on sledges, to last them a few
weeks, have almost starved and some of
them will starve if fresh supplies are not
got' in soon." ? -/ 'A - .
Thousands of dollars have been expend
ed to get pack animals loaded with pro
visions into the camp, but so far only one
outfit has got through. The provisions
are sold readily for 75 cents a pound
straight through,' with the exception of
flour, which went for $50 to $80 a sack.
They came out; over the trail In five and
a half ' days, , being forced . to., leave the
fields on account- of a'shortage of provi
sions ; and ,the - constant ..: demands made
upon : them"' by; destitute . prospectors, who
rushed in over the snow, trails in the dead
of winter. The situation. in that respect is
decidedly alarming. Benjamin and Ven
able say the trails, are in a terrible con
dition now on account of the snow melt
ing. It is highly dangerous to go at this
time, and they advise no one to attempt
the trip inside of a month. In fact, they
state, It. would -be impossible " to get in
enough-'provisions to fully supply tne de
mand before the middle of June. -."'
BOISE, Idaho,; April 15.— Prank C. Ben
jamin and Joseph • J. Venable have re
turned from the Thunder Mountain gold
fields. They, '.were -¦ members of a party
that went in .¦ last- fall. ¦ They located a
number of - claims and did considerable
work. One group of claims in which they
are interested was. recently sold for $60,000,
spot cash,, in Pittsburgh; ,;
Special Dispatch to The j Call.
Path x ThroughAldaho Snow
Lined With Lifeless- ; j
Pack Horses. .. . =
Cliffs Above Them, \£ater Be
low Them, and Not a
/ Bite to Eat..
Society People in South
Have a Perilous
Adventure.
Prospectors Going to
\ Thunder Mountain
Are in Peril.
The assassin did not resist arrest. H^ said his name was Balsahanstt, and that he was
a student at Kieff, where he had been sentenced to compulsory, military service; for/•.partici
pating in the riots of 1901. vHe said he had subsequently been pardoned, but. that he had
not been reinstated at the university, and that he therefore 'revenged himself; "upoh;-Sipia
guine. The Minister was taken to thei Hospital M»i^i^^€|^he^^Sie^in|'pg]^^|
It was learned later that M. Sipiaguine was on his way to. attend a -meeting of the
Committee of Ministers. He had just entered the office of the Imperial Council when the
assassin, who had driven up in a carriage, approached and handed him a folded paper, say
ing he had been charged to deliver it'by the Grand Duke Sergius. * The Minister: stretched
out his hand to take the document, when the assassin fired five shots at him. ThW of the
bullets struck M. Sipiaguine and one wounded his servant. : ; . :
Assassin Gains Admission to the Presence of His Victim in
the Disguise of an Aid-de-Oamp*
ST/ PETERSBURG, April 15.— -The Minister of the Interior, M. Sipiaguine, was shot
and fatally wounded at 1 o'clock this afternoon in the lobby of the Ministerial offices
by a man who held apistol close to the Minister's person. The wounded man died
at 2 p. m. The assassin of M. Sipiaguine is a student, who gained access- to the build
ing disguised in the uniform of an aid-de-camp.. He .met the Minister on the mainistair
case and emptied* a revolver into his body at close ranger The assassin was immediately- ar
rested. - /
DEATH FOLLOWS
THEIR TRRAIL
RUSSIAN MINISTER IS SLAIN
BY A UNIVERSITY STUDENT
FRIGID CAVE
THEIR PRISON
The psaltery of Spain is supposed to
have been Introduced into that country
by the Moors. It is still in common use
amonff the neasants.
The • I^aily Chronicle says it was ru
mored that a syndicate headed by J. Pler
pont Morgan had secured a substantial
slice of the loan at a price below 93.
article that only £16.000,000 of the new
loan of £32,000,000 will be issued publicly,'
the remaining half of the loan having
already been placed privately. The Stan
dard believes that £5.000,000 of the latter
half of the loan has been taken by lead-
Ing financial houses in New York. The
issue will be made immediately, probably
at 93tf, and the installments will Bpread
over a considerable period.
THE SAST FK AKCISCO CALL, ; WEDNESDAY, APRIL 16,. 1902.
3
NOME
tftyygMVsAiLiNcs.
\\BByS|pUnH '' THE NORTHERN CO1I-
M . MERCIA1. CO.
\\\ Will dispatch first-class steamers for
\\\ Nom» and St. Michael direct, as fol-
\\\ lows:
FROM SAN FRANCISCO
S.S. Portland .__« 13
ss. st. Paul .;.......;;.;. JSe a
S.S. Portland Ju , y \
FROM SEATTLE.
J!- £°? land "' April 28
S.S. Ohio T, m . 9
S.S- Indiana ?
Steamer Saidle connecting at Nome for Tel-
ler' and Candle Creek. Steainer Dora connect-
ing at Nome for Bluff City, Golovin and St.
Michael, and connecting at St. Michael for
Dawson, Koyukuk and Yukon River points.
For freight and passage 'apply to
NORTHERN COMMERCIAL CO,,
645 MARKET ST., San Francisco. Cal. v
, Or EMPIRE TRANSPORTATION CO..
Puget Sound Agents. Seattle. Wash.
SS. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu
.....Saturday. April 19 2 p. m.
S3. SONOMA, for Honolulu. Samoa, Auck-
ss. !S«Sl5t%:SSffi:.^^ ».^ m -
Sunday, May 4. 10 a. m.
J. I), spbeceels & BEOS. CO., General Azts., 329 mint
Gen'lPass. Cfflce, £43 Mamt.st, Pisr so, 7. Pacific si
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And Cia Sud Americana de Yapores
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3. pier 10, 12 m.
A STEAMER.. Apr. — IPALEXA. May 31
GUATEMALA..May 10'cOLOMBIA.,..Jon« 21
Thee© steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and Scuth American passenger service.
(Na change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger office. 316 California street.
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO.. Gen. Agents.
C0KFA6HI5 GENERALS TRAN3ATLAKTIQTJX
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. m,mr*m '
Ealllns every Thursday, instead of «OXTJ*
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from pier 43, iMiWI
North River, foot of Morton street.
First class to Havre. $70 and upward. Second
class to Havre, $45 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson building). New
York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue, San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
AMKKICAX LI>E.
NEW YORK, SOUTHAMPTONptiONDON.
St. PauL.Apl. 23, 10 am iPhlladH..May T. 10 am
St. LouIs..Apl.30,10 am .St. Paul.May 14. 10 am
RED STAB L1XE.
NEW YORK. ANTWERP, PARIS.
Kensington. Ap. 23. noon [FriesUmd.. May 7. noon
Zeeland-.Apr. 30. noon|Southwk..May 14 noon
INTERNATIONAL. NAVIGATION CO..
CHAS. IX TAYLOR, G.AtP.C.SO Montgom'y st.
BAY AND RIVEE STEAMERa
FoFuTTliAYrYi^
Steamers GEN, FRISBIE or HONTICELLO
jjr x' »imiiTIiji rf |iim i . . .
9:45 a. m.. 3:15 and 8:30 p. m., except Sun-
day. Sunday, 9:45 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leaves
Vallejo .1 a., m.,- 12:30 noon. <5 p. m.. except
Sunday. Sunday, 7 a. m.. 4:15 p. m. Fare 50
cents. Telephone Main 1508.- Landing and
office, pier 2, Mission-street dock. HATCH
BROS.
<• ¦ .-nwl'i^^Vr w SI S Otii aon-pofaonona
_.^<TgjfnaiiBffmh 1/1 remedy for Gonorrhoea.
SI®" 1 ' Sperm»torrho»a.
JS&y CUREi White*, unnatural dij-
J8<V%!fla 1 to S d«x«. lu charge*, or any Inflatamik-
§[Sm^l Qnsx»nte«<l ta ** tlon, irritation or nlcera-
ftk— lUFrtrfat eoauzioa tion of mucous am*
V^CiSCnnUTI.O.fflg or Mt , a pUia wrapper.
\3jfeSV V.s.1. JSSh *T express, prepaid, for
«1.00. or 3 bottle., $1.73.
fl Circular «ent oa ma*»i»
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
!L • Bisaraer* Ifsv* Broa&wss
rT»>..^ Wiiart. Sjle Praaclsro:
I^ESSSfc, For KercnlEiii. Jixsnan.
l3SS»5« l Vi k . FKapus.5, ere. AlasKi — 11
|^&r«F» a. aw, April Jfc 21, Vi. MaT
f^KSS^SA FW Vjrrona. Vaacoavet.
-^^^5« c-oiua. .Bvprttv Nev 'Wb»t>
com— -II ». nuTAHrO It Si S*. Maj X. Ciuopt
•t s*«>r t>« t« vbi* e.-iraptnr*» *tpa33Rr» .ni
Alt fits. Lac Q. N. K5.; v. Seattl* or "Tuzazas,
tc X P Ry - si VgDCOOTf tc C P. Rs.
Foi EurVti (3c=iK>W-. Bay) — 1:30 p. b.
A?ri! 11 r.. aa, k, m&? i ¦¦ . \ ¦ ¦¦
Fc: bos a.tif«)m lv» for. Lo» Anpelei »ad
Ssdondo^, San DJepe and S4mti Bwuaw,—
CtpcdcaAtj ?ui>6R.ys.. t t- c
?:kr* o; Cfcli*or&*v Trm.-S'a&r»- & *> a.
For Uf«« Aiirs)^* 'I* S«S IVdex ttzid TS*si
S»iii r»-cu-»\, SJi^iiti Btrtisrt. »&xm Crci, Moi»-
lerej &an Siraj-nr^ Car»«*^ £'*i Lias Onlsipc
ft-l&" *p-cc-: HtrfordV v».rjrcrs. H»«i«Gi>» tmd
I 'JifTjor. f*5.fcDti Crcs oaiy).
Ctvtf Bs.y. V zt_ April 11. 7C. S&. May K
. Ssiz.;& Cm*. P a. c (trelsrJj-. oalr). AprO It
24.
Ptir Ea»f'^ee&. l!aFda)eai Bsj. Pkz Jn«» 6n)
Cttl-c Uassl^v A):ii^ bs. F*ii Sb.Ti:t, ttmof
lift. Gusyrrjts (Mci_> — Id t. it... 7tl> dbcb mnsx
For funber miccajjLtKiB obralr tr>id<c.
Rij-fct i» rt*err-e-i tc- ctisns~* rt»!as>«r» a:
RLillzig detsj. •
TIOV'P'T OTFICIi' — * New Mra=jmii.Br»
OCODALL. PKRKIXS * CO.. Ora. Arwstv
'10 BJjwhpt rt_ Sat 3 r raiws<rf.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
FOR : -
• LEAVE SEATTLE.
SENATOR JUNE 1
VALENCIA JUNE 7
And . fortnightly thereafter during the season.
¦ Steamships CITY OF PUEBLA and QUEEN,
leaving: San Francisco May 26 and May 31 re-
spectively, connect- with above steamers. The
new and elegant steamships Senator and Va-
lencia made regular trips to Nome last year,
landing all passengers and freight without loss,
mishap or delay. For passenger rates and Nome
folder, apply Ticket Of flee, 4 New Montgom-
ery street (Palace Hotel). . : .^Wf~y^jpg
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen. Agents. "
- "¦ -.- 10 Market St., San Francisco.
b.R&Af.CO,
ONLY STEAMSHIP LINE TO
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Line From Portland to All
Points East. Through Tickets to All
Points, all Rail or Steamship and Rail, at
XiOWIiiiS'jl' jE-t^Vai'JfciJSI. .
Steamer Tickets Include Berth and Meals.
SS. COLUMBIA Sails... April 13. 23. May 3, 13
SS. GEO. W. ELDER Sails. ....:..........
:. ..April 8,18. 2S, May S
. Steamer sails from foot of Spear St., 11 a. m
D. W. HITCHCOCK. Gen. Agt.. 1 Mong'y.S. F.
TOYO KISEN KAISBA.
STEAMERS WILL. LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at- X "p: m
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai and con-
necting at Hongkong -with sttamers for India,
' etc. No cargo received on board on day of
sailing. x
SS. HONGKONG MARU.
-. ...Tuesday. April 13th. 1902
SS. NIPPON MAR1T Friday. May 9th, 1002
SS. AMERICA MARU.... ;....
.".Wednesday, June 4th, 1002
Round-trip .tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First.
,V *--;-• . W. H. AVERY. General Agent
PANAMA R.R. ST^r
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
. ' Cabin, $105; Steerage. .$40; Meals. Free.
S. S. Argyll : Sails Thursday, May 1
S. S. Leelanaw. . Sails ' Saturday, May 1 0
From Howard-street Wharf. Pier 10, at 2 p. m>
Freight and Passenger Office, 330 Market * st.
F. F. CONNOR, Pacific Coast Agent.- -
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Magic.
Tb« way Salva-cea cures Plies.
DB. KTLMEB'S SCTAHP-BOOT.
Weak and unhealthy kidneys are responsible for mor» sickness and saffermg
than any other disease, therefore when through neglect or other causes kidney
trouble is permitted to continue, fatal results are sure to follow.
We often see a relative, a friend or an acquaintance apparently well, but to a
few days we may be grieved to learn of their severe illness or sudden death,
caused by that fatal type of kidney trouble— Bright's Disease.
The mild and extraordinary effect of the world-famous kidney and bladder
remedy. Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root* is soon realized. It stands the highest for it3
wonderful cures of the most distressing cases. A trial will convince any one— and
you may have a sample bottle sent free by mail.
Sample Bottle of Swamp-Root Free by Mail.
EDITORIAL NOTE— Swamp-Root has been tested in so many ways, and has
proven so successful in every case, that a special arrangement has been made by
which all readers of The Call who have not already tried it may have a sample
bottle sent absolutely free by mail. AI30 a book telling all about Swamp-Root,
and containing many of the thousands upon thousands of testimonial letters re-
ceived from men and women who owe their good health, in fact, their very lives
to the wonderful curative properties of Swamp-Root. In writing be sure and men-
¦tion reading this genrous offer in. the 3an Francisco Dally Call when sendln"
, your address to Dr. Kilmer & Co.. Blnghamton, N. T.
v If you are already convinced that Swamp-Root is what you need you can
'purchase the regular 50-cent and $1 size bottles at the drugstores everywhere.
Don't make any mistake, but remember the name. Swamp- Root. Dr. Kilmer's
. Swamp-Root, and the address, Blnghamton, N., Y., on every bottle.
DR. KILMER &- CO., Blnghamton, N. T. !J
About two years ago I had a very severe case of kidney and bladder trouble.
The pain In the small of my back was so severe that I could not stand It to stay
in one position more than a moment or two, and was obliged to pass water very
often day and night. I tried medicines and doctors without getting- relief. Noticing
an advertisement in the Topeka State Journal of Swamp-Root, I determined to
give it a trial, and bought a bottle. By the time I had finished the first bottle the
pain had entirely disappeared from my back. The pain and frequent desire to
pass water ceased. - However, I continued to take the medicine, using about six
bottles in all. That was over a year ago, and I have had no return of the trouble
since.' ¦ ¦*> ¦ * " ¦
<A. H Nooney). /I A/ AS\
Chief Engineer. Stata ¦ • //^ 7\/~" /Y
Capitol BaUdlnr. yW / ]/ // /] /J—*7f—^S> 0
Topeka, Kana. QS \j • / / *^ V (/ U fU^SC*^
Cured by the Great Kidney Remedy, Swamp-Root.'
Had to Pass Water Very Often Day and Night.
IEAK KIDNEYS AND
DLAi/l/Dil IjavUdLEi
OCEAK TBAVEL-
OCSA2T TBAVEI*.
m\ We are sure of
/Vif li^Sfllf'S^TO If we were not absolutely sure that our clothes were
I'M I ¦FfrflilliliilWft bCtter than a " y otherclothes soId at the same P r ice, do
I'll I' II III^^W^I y ° U suppose e would S2L 7 : Mone y back you want it?
*i'm f Hi liSB^K^al nC^ wllen WG Say better we mean better fabrics, better lin~
! Wm II '111? WIH ingS> better canvas ' better. trimmings, better workmanship —
IrJ |! ill I'll flfiP ®^8) 1U faCt ' better in several other' things that make up the life
flffi ffllnP' Wn^^M^M/ Wc make the cIothes ourselves— we know them. Wc sell them direct
BIB Illilll I WMSwmfflil t0 you> the wearen Fr . om ma ker to wearer means but one profit. This
li nlll ili'lt I InfflHKfi^FV / twenty-five per cent which the middleman gets ordinarily goes into the
* Piall i'wll 'I IliilP^// ' niakm £ . of °M r clothing. Hence its value; We. can demonstrate this to
'''^iilssilB liliffllB rli We wil1 sliow you a sack suit at that pri ° e "~ try ° ne and p ut us to the
Parents are always -pleased to see their boys attired in taste- -' ' \||f|I^SS|lM // i
ful, becoming, well-made clothes, especially when it can be done \ |M|||^K^fl / \
¦ We'can clothe a boy better at a smaller price than any other store in San 1 fi^la/ W^^i
Francisco. We manufacture our boys' clothing as well as our men's and sell I Ifglla/ >- • ® si ! :
it direct to the wearer. Boys' clothing as a rule passes through the hands of wffcf*?^ H'^'.
one or two middlemen, and each makes a profit. The saving we can give you i^S^ l^f I
is amply tested in this sailor suit which we arc-selling- for . &$&$&¦ vsi?'**
Buy one of the suits, examine it carefully and if you don't think it worth J^^ntB^^- "Wmi
the price you can return it — your money awaits you. We can speak no plainer .
. The suits are blue serges and 'black, cheviots very tastefully trinimed. '
Spring goods are ¦ ¦ -¦^ L ¦ <WL A f -v-- • ¦ ¦ i -^,"»:- : \:'v. i ':^ : " Out-of-town or- |
prices. 718 Market v .'btreet"-' V hats or furnishings.
is Nature's : time for rest;
and the man who does not
take sufficient time to sleep
or who cannot sleep when
he makes the effort, is
wearing out .his nervous
strengta and consuming his
vital power. Dr.- Miles'
Nervine brings sweet,
soothing, refreshing sleep.
Don't let another nignt
pass- # Get it to-day.
"I szn a drtxEist, so "when I was
troubled •mih. insomnia a few years ago
I took Dr. Miles' Uerrine and f cmnd
icmodiate rdieL 1 hare not beea
troubled with that disc**; eince."
H, L. lio wa&d, iladisoa, "Wijl
:«* D*. Miles' jp, ¦
soothes the nerves, nour-
ishes the brain,- and re-
freshes the entire organism*;. Adams' Hair. Restorer promotes growth,.-'re
stores color and beauty to thin gray hair.. 50c •
-WASHINGTON, April 15.— The House
Committee, on Military Affairs completed
consideration of , the. military .'academy
appropriation bill and ordered it reported
to the. House. As agreed to the bill-car
ries $3,627,324, against $674,306 for the cur
rent year. The large Increase Is due to
a provision for the extensive alteration
and' improvement of the grounds ami
buildings at West Point. !The total -cost
of these improvements Is fixed at $6 500 -
000, of which $3,000,000 Is. appropriated-in
the bill. These extensive' Improvements
and enlargements of buildings is mad n
necessary by- the Increased number of
cadets now authorized by law.
Money for Military. Academy.
Concerning 1 Duty on Hemp.
LONDON, April 15.— Answering a ques
tion put by- Arthur D. Markham in the
House of Commons to-day, the Parlia
mentary Secretary for the Foreign Office.
Lord Cranborne, eaid representations haii ;
been made to the United States on the
subject of the duty on hemp from the
Philippines, as under the present ar
rangements the American manufacturer
had in his own market an advantage of
$7 50 per ton over his British competitor
Are both benefited when the Nursing
Mother uses Malt-Nutrine as part of her
daily meals. Malt-Nutrine Is a food drink
with unexcelled tonic properties, and eas
ily assimilated. Very generally prescribed
by physicians. Druggists sell it. Pre
pared only by Anheuser-Busch Brewlnc
Ass'n, St. Louis, U. S. A. •
Mother and Child
GUTHRIE. Okla., April 15.— Governor
Ferguson was called upon to-day to act
in a reported Ku-Klux case In Cleveland
County, wherein a colored woman, who,
was awarded a valuable : claim by the
Government over a white contestant, was
the victim. She called on the Governor
with her story of the affair to-day, alleg
ing, that fifteen men entered, her hom«,
gave .her son fifty lashes and ordered her
to leave the county within fifteen days- or
suffer the consequences. . The \ Governor
ordered the county officers to .Investigate i
and turned the matter over to the; Fed
eral authorities to prosecute.* He advised
that extreme: measures/be taken ¦'ltd 'ap
prehend and punish the perpetrators.'
Victims of the Ku-Klux.
QUEENSTOWN, April 15.— Gunner Lieu
tenant H. S. Bourne, Lieutenant '\ Miller
and nine bluejackets were Instantly killed
yesterday afternoon by the bursting of a
twelve-inch gun on board the British
first-class battleship Mars, during gun
practice off Berehaven. In addition
eral men were injured by the explosion. '
The breech of the gun blew out after it
had twice missed fire. The bodies of two
men who were sighting 1 the gun were scat
tered to pieces and blown, overboard, 'irie
injured seamen were brought ashore here
to-day.
ELEVEN MEN KILLED. "
BY A BURSTING GUN
Brooks will enter upon his new position
on May 1. He will be succeeded af Den
ver by Charles D. Horton Of Omaha.
Brooks is a. native of Texas and about 45
years of age. He was manager of the 'El
Paso and Galveston offices of the Western
Union Telegraph Company previous to be
ing appointed manager of the Denver'- of
fice twelve years ago. For several years
past he has been assistant superintendent
of the Western division. .
NEW YORK, April 15.-Charles A.
Tinker, who for many years has been the
general superintendent of the Eastern di
vision of the Western Union , Telegrauh
Company, has resigned. The resignation
is to take effect Mayl and Belvidere
Brooks, superintendent at' Denver, Colo.,
has been promoted to fill the vacancy.
The territory includes New England and
the Middle States and Maryland. •
Union and Belvidere Brooks Will
Take Eastern Division. ..
Charles Tinker Leaves the Western
TELEGRAPH COMPANY
SUPERINTENDENT RESIGNS
j,,. Oregon — Increase— Matthew ¦ D. Lither
land, Fulton, $6; Lyman" Morton; Eastford,
$17; Joseph A. Burllngame, Eugene, $17;
'.William Llverrnore, Dallas, $10, " Widows—
.Mary "Ay Huffman, Yoncalla, $8. '¦¦'¦
.Washington — Original — Herman : : H.
Adams,' Fairflelu, $6. Increase— Francis
M. TVlunson, Shelton, $12; Thomas Stewart,
Peshastin, $10; Daniel Igo, Puyallup, $10.
A navy order announces that Naval
Cadet- H. Johnson is detached from the
Wisconsin and is granted sick leave until
' June 15. . . :.
These patents were issued' to-day: Cal
ifornia—William T. . Armstrong, San Jose,
apparatus for assaying ores; Henry C.
Black, ' Oakland, can tfody -ending ma
chine; same, can body forming and sol
dering machine; same, assignor to A.
Johnson, Oakland, combined bottomer and
crimper for can bodies: George W. Bonds
. Fresno, gas generator for gas engines ;
Albert C. Calkins; assignor to - F. W
? ra^ un V. IX)S An ? ele s. ore crusher; William
J. •Cochran, San Francisco, wood turning
machine;. William Doll, San Francisco,
fire extinguishing device; W. H. Gercke
San Francisco, drawer guide; Axel John
son, ban Jose, temporary cap or cover
holder for Jars; . Gilman C. \ Knapp, . Eu
reka, sawing machine ; Oscar Newhouse,
San P rancisco, rendering sharp and even
cuttln^edges of. implements: Robert^
Postlethwalte, , assignor to Risdon Iron
5P^P? oin * tlve Works, San Francisco,
distributor for gold separators; Charles
;H. • bnow,,. San Francisco, ,. automatic
dumping ore car; Alfred : Thurber, Vaca
ville, lamp bracket. > .
Oregon— Barnabas J. Casterline. Olalla.
folding crater William H.Corbett. Port
-land. i c utch;.. Webster : M. Roberts.
Brownsville, metal :. working: machine;
ThomnpS. Young. Fossil, singletree hook
*n*V;, : !^L I } S ' On ~4 Mgusta Adler - Tacoma,
In i n i e^ ln t Pr st ?Ve i ' John TJ Alter
£?H£ n i Centa-alia. tablet;
££ftw V • A " der son. -New .Whatcom,
\£l n f? -stove; George L;' Gay. Spokane
wrapping machine; -• Wlllard- Houehton
¦rovelty.' conduit; Carl - KlelnaohrtWt " as
«££&&&£& , M - Kleinschmlrtt,- Seattle:
wood P_reservlnfr compound: Frank Kotv
;LmicRook. can; opener; Henry. Lucken-
Qnnlnn.' ol \ pulverlz er I John C. Port* •
vl.?^ slppr t0 Pnrtz ' Automatic
Sv iinn ompanv> John H. Thorn.
£,,u. &a - ' ¦ for ¦ preserving
Tri PP'. Ellen 
h: :.' '.Money ; ,B}ttrned~.in a Wreck.
ffiffiw-S 3 -?^^ MohV;; April '
S^-^W"?" *?- ? iht '¦ National
Sftl B8R «trwas;yaestroyed . in > the
SSflS n fl £' pf th .e:ea|tbound Northern
£r»;fe Passenger ;- train - V which : ..was
•w-fiA^*- 1 ?! 81 nJ S h t-between Terryrand
Fal)on:stntlonseaBt,of -thi^nlace \' Th«»
.burning of, a bridge caused the duster"*
These pensions were granted— California
—Original— John, B. ' Dennis, Cottonwood,
$6; George W. Fletcher, San Jose, $8; Rod
.erlck.M. Smith, San Jose, %6; Albert
Spear, Chulavista, $8. War with Spain—
.Howard R. Marshall, San Diego, $30/ In
creases — Thomas Kelly, San Francisco, $10;
-William Story, Mesa Grande, $30; George
R. Garretson, Lockeford, $8; Thomas'Kel
ley, San Jose, $10; William Gree, Veterans'
Home, Napa, $12. Mexican war— William
J. J. Morrison; Soldiers' Home, Los An-
Igeles,, $12; Michael ¦.. McDonald; •¦ Soldiers'
Home, f Los Angeles; $12. Widows— Vv ar
with Spain — Eliza X -Dewar, mother, San
Francisco, $12. '
Appointed— California— G. W. Gracy,
Gracy,' Mendocino County, vice S. J.'Ter
be, resigned. Oregon— J. L. Hammersly,
Gold Hill, Jackson County, - vice W. T.
Reames, resigned. .
WASHINGTON, April 15.— The Postof
ilce Department to-day announced the fol
lowing: Postofflces established—Califor
nia — Owenyo, Inyo County. Oregon —
Swiss Home, Lane County. Discontinued
April : 30 — Washington —.Home, Pierce
County, mail to Texel.
Postmasters commissioned— California-
Frank W. Luther.Alton; C. Clerama Wil
son, Owenyo. • Oregon— James McC. 'Mor
rison Jr., Shelburn; Jessie Tweldler, Swiss
Home. Wasnington— Edwin .G. White,
Enumclaw; Sarah E. Dodd, ' Saint An
drews.
Granted.
vice and More New Pensions
Changes Made in the Postof nee Ser-
OF INTEREST TO . PEOPLE
. T. , OF THE PACIFIC COAST
YOUNG WOMAN "SyHO WILL
GIVE A DRAMATIC RECITAL
IN OAKLAND. *
One of the 1 vacancies in the list of brig
adier generals thus created has-been filled
by the promotion of Colonel Mott Hooton,
Twenty-eighth Infantry, who will be reg
ularly.retired for age to-morrow. General
Hooton, entered the army as a volunteer
sergeant In July, 1861.. He . recently .-.has
served in the Philippines. It is under
stood that three more colonels who 'served
during the civil war also will be. pro
moted to the grade of brigadier general
In a few days and similarly retired . on
their own applications.
WASHINGTON. April 15.— Brigadier
Generals Isaac de Russy, Andrew S. Burt
and Michael V. Sheridan, recently ap
pointed, were placed on the retired list
to-day on their own applications, after
forty years' . service.
After Forty Years of Mili
tary "Work.
De Russy, Burt and Sheridan Retire
THREE GENERALS END
ACTIVE "ARMY SERVICE
WASHINGTON,. April 15.— Alderman
James C. Patterson of Chicago called on
President Roosevelt to-day for the pur
pose of renewing the Invitation of the
Lincoln Club that the President be a
guest of honor at a banquet in Chicago.
Patterson is president of the club. When
the invitation originally was given to the
President he had similar requests from
the Marquette and Hamilton clubs, and
he replied It would be impossible to make
three trips to Chicago, and suggested the
clubs combine and unite In a joint invita
tion. This has practically been done, and
Patterson hoped the President would stop
In Chicago on his return from his con
templated Western trop. Owing to the
uncertainty as to the adjournment of the
present session of Congress the Western
trip .may be abandoned until after the
short session of Congress next year.
the Short Session of Congress
Next Year.
Likely to Be Abandoned Until After
PRESIDENT'S WESTERN
TRIP MAY BE POSTPONED
• : garet Barry. A varied programme
has been provided, including selections
from "Cyrano de Bergerac," "Les ! Mis
erables" and "The - Little Minister," and
humorous poems by Eugene Field arid
James Whitcomb Riley. Miss Barry will
be assisted by Miss Gladys A. Downs,
pianist. . , . r
A DRAMATIC recital of much i In
terest will be given this evening
at the Unitarian church, Oakland,
by the clever reader. Miss . Mar-
The Central Labor Council of Cincinnati de
rles that Senator Foraker, in his speech be
fore the United States Senate on the Chinese
exclusion bill expressed the sentiment' of the
laboring people. Senator Foraker has been a
reliable representative of the capitalistic class
and his views are based on the Interests of that
class and opposed to those of labor.
CINCINNATI, April 15.— The Central
Labor Council, representing all branches
of organized labor in Cincinnati, to-night
passed the following resolution:
Labor Unions Score Foraker.
We sincerely trust that this - petition, em
bodying our best Judgment, may meet with
your favorable consideration and that you may
hono>- us by presenting the same to the Senate
In session.
Retolved, That we are firmly convinced that
the Mitchell-Kahn bill as reported from the
Committee on Immigration and passed by the
House of Representatives is the only exclusion
bill that will exclude now before Congress, and
we therefore urge all true friends of the policy
of the exclusion of Chinese laborers from the
United States" to vote for this bill and to de
feat any amendment offered thereto' tending to
weaken it in any of its essential or effective
features.
Resolved, By the executive council of the
American Federation of Labor in session as
sembled that we hold said Proctor bill and
Platt amendment utterly inadequate and con
trary to the best interests of labor all over
the country, in the mills of . New England or
the Carolina*, as well as to the workmen on
the Pacific Coast and inter-mountain States;
and further
Whereas, Seamen are clearly entitled to every
protection from Chinese competition as are
other workers in our common country; and
Whereas. The validity of the entire Scott
act of 1SSS is in controversy in an appeal case
now pending before the Supreme Court and It
is generally admitted that the attack will be
sustained by the court, neither the Proctor bill
nor the Platt amendment dealing in any way
with these new questions or the emergency
•which will beyond doubt arise by the court's
decision;
. .Whereas. Any law which does not define the
meaning- to be given to terms official, teacher,
student, merchant and traveler would, in view
of Chinese duplicity, be a mockery an<L/6r no
value; and
"Whereas, The .Philippines, with their large
Chinese population of the pnre and mixed blood
and their proximity to China, serve and could
to a greater degree serve.' as a reservoir of
Chinese laborers and a bridge over which
Chinese could and would come to the main
lend territory of the United States unless stop
ped by effective legislation; and
It may be unnecessary to indicate how deep
ly interested are the men and women of our
country whom we have the honor to represent
in the matter of this legislation and desirous
of serving them, as well as all people of- our
country to the very best of our ability, we
have adopted the following- preamble and reso-.
lutlons :
WASHINGTON, April ; 15.— The execu
tive council of the American Federation
of Labor to-day discussed at length the
status of the Chinese exclusion bill,
which has passed the House and is now
pending before the Senate. A letter was
framed and presented to Senator Frye,
president pro tern, of the Senate. The
letter says:
Labor on Exclusion.
Stand of American Federation of
FAVORS THE KAHN BILL.
There was also a mass of other tele
grams from the cities of the Pacific Coast
urging the passage of the Platt substi
tute re-enacting the Geary law. Many of
the dispatches expressed the opinion that
the Geary law had been amply sufficient
for the protection of American interests,
and that the pending bill is too severe.
Perkins of California submitted a large
number of dispatches supporting the bill.
One of the telegrams was from the Mayor
and- Board of Supervisors, or legislative
body, of San Francisco, declaring that
the opposition of the Chamber of Com
merce did not represent the position of
the people of the Pacific Coast, who
askeja for the passage of the Senate bill.
Gallinger read a number of telegrams
referring to the bill. One of these was
from a number of attorneys of San Fran
cisco replying to an allegation by Chi
nese Inspector Dunn, when before the
Senate Committee on Immigration, to
the effect that many attorneys use unfair
means In promoting the interests of their
clients. The attorneys assumed that the
testimony was directed a't themselves or
some of them, and say If it was that the
charge was "false and malicious." They
call upon him to give names.
"WASHINGTON, April 15.— The debate
on the Chinese exclusion bill was prac
tically concluded to-day, and . voting on
the bill and amendments will begin at 10
o'clock to-morrow. By general consent a
vote was taken to-day on two important
amendments offered by Fairbanks of In
diana, striking out the definition as to
Chinese students and teachers, and they
were agreed to without division. These
changes were made with a view to recon
ciling some of the opposition to the meas
ure which has been directed against the
rigid restrictions on students and teach
ers and the unnecessary Inconvenience this
would impose on the. educated Chinese
classes coming to this country. The de
bate was participated In by Senator Helt
feld of Idaho, Senator Penrose of Pennsyl
vania and Turner of Washington in favor
of the bill and Senator Pritchard of North
Carolina and Spooner of Wisconsin in op
position.
Turner made the assertion that politics
had crept into, the discussion, and that
most of the Senators of the majority were
opposed to the bill. This brought out a
sharp rejoinder from Spooner, who main
tained that politics had not figured in the
discussion, and that the opposition to
the present bill was due entirely to its
conflict with the treaty, and riot because
of any opposition to Chinese exclusionv
which was an established doctrine of the
Government.
Modifications^ Regarding Stu
dents and Teachers Are
Agreed To.
Voting on Chinese Meas
• lire Begins in Senate
To-Day. r
READY TO AMEND
EXCLUSION BILL
•'The Southern Railway had no interest
In the purchase and it will have no inter
est in it at any time in the future. Louis
ville and Nashville will not pass to the
Southern Railway. Neither directly nor
indirectly, in any shape, manner or form
will Southern Railway have anything to
do with Louisville and Nashville."
Spencer, Gates, Harris, Perkins, Attor-:
ney Stetson and several others or the in
terested parties held another- conference
at Morgan & Co.'s late in the afternoon.
This conference preceded the meeting be
tween Perkins and Belmont, at which it
was decided not to issue the Morgan-Bel-'
mont statements until late at night Ed
win Hawley, who had not figured in the
Louisville and Nashville matter before
the previous day, was also among the late
ca l le F s «n Morgan & Co. Hawley's Inter
est in the situation has not been made
clear, but he vouchsafed the statement
earlier in the day that he was a large
°^ r ofl^vine and Nashville stock
George W. Perkins, a member of the
banking firm of J. ?. Morgan & Co eav*
out the following statement to-night *
r . At "? e request of Messrs. Harris. Gates &
have Teoemiv ™V f WD ln<5e P e n*ent account
vf] .^v y v m ?,' !e large Purchases of LouU
raa & Co., as bankers, have consented tn t.ir.
control of the stock so purchase^, a^d to re
ceive the fame or. deposit. Theyhave so con
sented solely to relieve the general financial
condition and not for the benefit of any rail
way company. The Southern Railway Com- :
rany has no interest, direct or Indirect preset
T>r prospective, in this stock or Jn Its purchase
« r ,ts PI^ Slt - i,' h Mor * an & Co. are Tctfnl
Jith^ the cordial assent of August Belmont
J^l i hl , s 6tatem ent being shown to Au
stin Belmont at his residence he read it
over carefully and then gave out th^fo
lowlng typewritten statement
which*? P* e M awar V£, »*• negotiations by
tk h k l e Ch co J ntr P o, K^i?^ ££"«
¦<£?£'* V"* * asl^ 11 * P«rcna« e fby HarrU
Gates & Co. The statement byj p Marian
tS°i ju f F"" 5 * pubIlc - has »V Jjualintd an"
trS V nf*t B h *?"¦'. WS .l! ** no ~"t"«t "or the C SS-
Co O mp^ny * Loulf?rtlle * nd Nashville R.» ro £l
transactions in this stock alone reached a
total of over 353.000 shares. By noon more
than a half million shares had changed
hands. Dealings fell off after, that to
some extent, but the records for the num
ber of shares of a single stock sold in one
hour, in two hours and In one day's trad
ing were all shattered as a result of
Southern Railway's performance to-day.
The sales for the day reached a to
tal of 864,500 shares. The total outstand
ing stock of the company Is 1,2)0,000
shares. President Spencer, when asked
as to the future relations of Southern and
Louisville and Xashville, made this state
ment:
In the first half hour fully 200,000 shares
of Southern Railway common changed
hands. By the end of the first hour the
This statement was later changed so
that it read: "We have bought control,"
etc. The correction was made by John F.
Harris, who had Just paid a second visit
to the Morgan banking-house.
Belmont made another hurried visit to
Morgan & Co. soon after the Gates state
ment was issued. He declined to say any
thing, as did the Morgan representatives.
Perkins, who had been most active In the
preliminary negotiations, seemed at first
disposed to say something dealing with
the terms arranged between the Gates
and Belmont factions. He changed his
mind, however, and announced that some
definite declaration would be made by the
arbiters late in the afternoon. When that
time came Perkins decided to withhold
the Morgan statement until late at night.
Belmont on hearing of this decided to
withhold anything he might have for pub
lication until the Morgan statement had
been Issued. Perkins and Belmont were
in conference late in the afternoon, and
both said that formal declarations would
be sent out by them before midnight.
Throughout the day operations In South
ern Railway shares continued on an enor
mous scale. The demand was extraor
inary almost from the outset. The com
mon stock advanced 3% and the preferred
3% points. Blocks of 5000 and 10.0UO shares
were common, and there was one string
of 30,000 shares and another of 37,000
while the trading was at its height. Much
of the early buying was attributed to
Morgan influence, but it soon became
clear that the Gates clique, as well as the
room traders generally, were taking a
hand in the game.
NEW YORK, April 15.— Wall street
passed through one of its most exciting
and sensational periods to-dav. The
Louisville and Nashville situation, which
had hung menacingly over the district for
a. week or more, was cleared by the un
disputed statement that John W. Gates
and his associates had wrested control of
the property from the Belmont party and
were in absolute possession. Accompany
ing this statement, whicn had been dis
counted the day before, was one that the
Gates faction had selected J. P. Morgan.
& Co. to settle the differences between
the contending interests.
While these events were happening a
movement without parallel in the history
of the Stock Exchange was on in South
ern Railway. Trading in Southern Rail
way common set in on ii tremendous scale
and at one time Interest centered almost
entirely in that stock. It Became evident
before the opening of the market that a
settlement would be reached. At the of
fice of J. P. Morgan & Co. a series of
conferences were held before 10 o'clock.
Those present during the morning were
George W. Perkins and William P. Hamil
ton, representing the Morgan interests;
August Belmont, Samuel Spencer, presi
dent of the Southern Railway; Edward
Hawley, president of the Iowa Central
and Minneapolis and St. L«ouis railroads;
John W. Gates, Talbot J. Taylor, head
of the brokerage firm of that name and
son-in-law of James R. Keene, and Fran
cis L,ynde Stetson, one of Morgan's at
tornej'S.
This conference broke up shortly before
11 o'clock. Gates was among the first to
leave and It soon became known that he
would issue a statement telling of a
peaceful solution of the matter. Shortly
before noon the appended announcement
was given out by the brokerage firm of
Harris Gates & Co., in which John W.
Gates is a special partner:
We have bought a large amount of stocTc of
the Louisville and Nashville road. "We did not
buy it for epeculatlon, but for Investment, be
lieving absolutely in the present and future
valu* 1 of the property. There will not be any
••ccrncr" in the stock. We have placed the*
entire matter In the hands of J. P. Morgan &
Co. and requested them to act as arbitrators
of the situation because of the prominence of
the property and a desire not to disturb in
any manner the general market conditions, and
becfluco we know they illorgan & Co.) have
no Interest whatever in the property or in re
cent purchases.
Morgan Is Selected to Har
monize the Contending
Interests.
Street on Railroad .
Lively Movement in Wall
GATES EXCITES
STOCK TRADERS
MISS BARRY WILL GIVE
A RECITAL IN OAKLAND
Varied Programme Is pranged and"iVliss Gladys
Doy^, the Pianist, Will Assist.
EXPECT TO PASS
THE CUBAN BILL
KNOX PREPARES
TO PROSECUT
Formal 'Complaint n Is
; Made . Against the ;
:, Beef Trust.
House Leaders Hope to
\ Escape Threatened
Amendments.
General.
doogresa/.Is ;¦ Satisfied With
the Action of the Attorney
Unsuccessful Effort Is Made
to Limit the General
Debate.
WASHINGTON, April 15.— With the
close of the Cuban reciprocity debate in
the House to-day, the leaders announced
that all danger of the bill being weighted
down with undesirable amendments was
over and that they felt assured the bill
would pass in the shape in which It came
from the committee. As -the bill in Its
present form is sure to command three
fourths of the vote on each side of the
House, its passage was certain If it suc
cessfully passed the stage when amend-,
ments could be offered. The only cause
of anxiety heretofore has been the possi
bility that enough Republicans would join I
with the Democrats to overrule the chair
and. tack onto the bill an armendment to
abolish the differential on refined sugar.
All the energies of the leaders have been
directed, therefore, to bringing pressure
to bear on the recalcitrant Republicans to
induce them to refrain from aiding this
plan, and this evening at the close of the
session it was announced that the entire
Republican delegations from Michigan
and California, who constitute the head
and front of the opposition, had agreed
not to vote to overrule the ruling of the
chair. ' «-
Watson of Indiana, who is acting as
the whip for the majority, does not be
lieve over a dozen Republicans at the
outside will join the Democrats in this
proposition. It would require more than
twenty Republican votes to replace on the
bill the amendment which might endan
ger its ultimate passage, as several Demo
crats, it is understood, also have declared
their intention to stand by the ruling of
the chair.
An unsuccessful effort was made again
to-day by Payne to secure an agreement
to limif'the general debate. When the
House adjourned to-day ¦ there remained
thirty-five members who desire to speak.
The debate to-day was* without particular
interest. The speakers were Swanson of
Virginia and White of Kentucky for the
bill and S. W. Smith of Michigan, Day
ton of West Virginia, Burgess of Texas,
Meyer of Louisiana and Sutherland of
Utah against it.
House Makes Special Rule.
WASHINGTON, April 15.— The Commit
tee on Rules of. the House to-day decided
to report a special rule for the considera
tion of the Senate amendments to the
oleomargarin'e bill. The rule will simply
provide that the House shall go into com
mittee of the whole to consider the
amendments. No time limit will be placed
uponthe debate. The rule will not be re
ported until the Cuban reciprocity bill is
out of the way. The decision to report
the rule was reached by a party vote,
Speaker Henderson and • Grosvenor and
Dalzell voting for! It and Richardson and
Underwood against it.
MinisterslOppose Ware.
TOPEKA, Kans.l April 15.— The friends
of Eugene Ware, recently appointed to
the office of Pension Commissioner, do
not ascribe much importance to the
charges about to be filed against him in
Washington. Ware is understood as hav
ing liberal views on religious matters.
The Ministerial Union of Topeka is con
sidering whether to oppose his confirma
tion on the ground that he is an agnos
tic. As. yet there has been no formal ac
tion taken' by the union. '. •
throughout the country are regulated,
other matters, such as dealings with
trade in different cities, blacklisting of
small dealers and matters of that sort,
being left to the local representatives and
to an arbitrator, as Is the case in New
York.
That in- order to deceive the public all
large packing-houses on the Missouri Riv
er, with the exception of Armour's, have
opened houses under other names, which
are blinds, and of the twenty packing
houses that appear under different names
practically all are owned by the "big six"
who have created a beef and food monop
oly.
Special. Dispatch : to The Call.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STRET, N.
W., WASHINGTON, April 15.— For the
first "time" since the original charges
against the beef trust' were made official
announcement by Attorney General Knox
that an Investigation had been ordered
was 'made public to-day. This announce
ment was made in reply to a letter of in
quiry sent to Knox by Chairman Ray
of the House Committee on Judiciary,, to
which was referred resolution pre
sented by Representative Thayer of Masr
sachusetts. In view of the Attorney
General's letter and the important an
nounce^ment which It contained the com
mittee voted to report the resolution back
to the House to-morrow, with the recom
mendation "that -it : lay on the table.
In his letter Knox says: 1'It is proper,
-I-thin-k,- however, K to add that, owing to
the positive, oft-repeated and circum
stantial nature of the allegations that the
law is being flagrantly violated, I directed
some time ago a 'thorough investigation
to be made by one of the District Attor
neys of the United States for the purpose
of ascertaining in fact if such combina
tion existed, and whether, if so, its opera
tions were in. violation of any Federal
statute." '*
Thayer's present intention is .to get a
vote on the question of tabling the reso
lution when it is brought into the House
to-morrow.
'.». Complaint Is Hade. » ...
Formal complaint against illegal opera
tions of. the beef trust has been made to
the Department of Justice by officials ot
the Retail Butchers' and Meat Dealers'
Protective Association •• of 'the United
States. Inconseqence, the Department of
Justice feels its hands greatly strength,
ened in Jts- search -for evidence that will
break up the combination and punish the
leading spirits for their oppression of the
public. The complaint was made by H.
G. Wagner of New York City, president,
and D. J. Healey, secretary of the Butch
ers' National Association, and by Charles
A: Daly, corresponding secretary of the
Washington local association.
Wagner and Healey, armed with many
facts, came to Washington yesterday. The
Attorney General gave them a long hear-'
ing and went fully into the case. He said
that the department had so far been act
ing on public information which was
known to all men. Until members of the
Butchers' Association had appeared no
.formal complaint had been received by
¦ the department.
: The facts, as they are coming out here,
show' that the Government at the proper
time will be able to show: ¦. ' . -
That at the present time the beef trust
is paying the full published rate to the
railroads and. is getting, no concessions.
This is due to the fact that the railroads
have been enjoined .by . the Interstate
Commerce Commission. - ¦ ¦-:::-
That in order to make up for the Ios3
of these rebates, which amount to be
tween $3,000,000 . and $5,000,000 a year, the
trust has raised the price of meat all over
the country, making the .public pay what
it formerly wrung from the railroads to
get unfair competitive rates.
That the understanding between the
great packinghouses is of an ironclad
character and deals with all branches of
the business.- That the great headquar
ters- of -the "business is , in Chicago, and
from there all affairs of the trust ar^
managed. ¦¦¦.'.¦....¦.-
Each Has an Agreement.
. That each of the various lines of busi
ness has its own agreement entered Into
between the managers in that particular
line of the various houses In the combina
tion.
That these sub-combinations Include In
one beef. In another, provisions. In an
other oleomargarine, and In others vari
ous by-products, on which the trust
makes large amounts of money.
' That these managers hold their meet
ings at a given place in Chicago, and that
they fix prices and bind themselves to
maintain them by depositing a forfeit.
That from this meeting place prices
THE_SAN FRANCiSCO' QAIJb, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 16, 1902.
4
DIAMOND DYES tfve faster and brighter
colors than any other dye».
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
, . • There are times in a man's Hfe when It is necessary to act quickly and decisively
. TJmea when life Itself depends. on the doing of the right thing at the right time'
. -Times," perhaps, when disease has reached the point where delav of even a day
. or a • week may prove fatal. • . , " *
. Kidney troubles are slowly but surely dragging thousands of men and women to
. tne grave.' It. is only backache; at. first, doesn't amount to much they think Then
comes headache, dizzy spells, urinary troubles, diabetes — and then if it isn't checked
j - Bright s disease and ¦Death/ .¦'.',... . , '
- But there's a v way of escapej Hundreds and hundreds of San Francisco people
. nave found it • -•>. ¦ i i, . .. . ¦ • .
POAN'S KIDNEY PILLS
, Never fail to quickly relieve the aching back .'' • ''• * ? ' /
; - ; . J? cure « v "y Sidney ill, whether it be common backache or urinary disorders"
•V^^ Cha . rles » E \. Schwartz . Paperhanger, decorator, painter and whitetiT residence 1731 '
Kddy street, shop 310 O'Farrell street, says: "For at least twenty years I hsv.h«n
nouifcod t a^ dn r ey m COI ? P , latnt - b , Ut f ?I the lz * 1 twelwthe attack. wTwSSJh more pro- '
™ fh«? I nd ° f , m ueh longer duration. When a man has been- laid up several times
so that he. could, not leave ; the house, when he. used every thim: on the market '
hv h 'm» C rr£ndi° wlf n0 * tlC t fl T rea^ Il J g "papers or whic* The In ? adv^ed^o use
by his friends. , when he has Invested in the most expensive electric belt procurable
, r '-la'tle. about the means heVmploys to get relief.. I used Doan'a Kidn«yPiUs getting
the . m " J h « No Percentage, and. the O«i drug stores. . If the flrst box had riot riven
:^ 0^ t f ed f« W 6111 *, 1 ? 1 , 1: ? eVer Would haT0 spent the Price of a eecond SSLSse I '
•:vha<i-lost_falth in medicine to a, certain extent. You are at liberty to tell Presidents
Of wJ? f r . an <: ? c< » that I am more than pleased' to recommend Doan's K dney Pills
and that I will repeat; In a. personal interview what I have stated above "
All frus;$tores;;:50"c^^^ Co.; : Buffalo, N. Y.
PAINE'S CELES7 COMPOUND.
Paine's Celery
Compound
WOMAN'S HOME FRIEND.
It Quickly Banishes the Ills and
Physical Troubles That Are
Too Common In Spring-
. ¦ .
A multitude of the healthiest, brightest
and most active women of this North
American continent are deeply indebted
to Palne's Celery Compound for the bless-
ings of health.
Women, old . and young, know well that
this famous medicine is specially adapted
for all th'e ills peculiar to their sex. When .
it Is used the sick and suffering ones are
seen to gain steadily in health, strength
and vigor. No room is left for doubt to
the skeptic and stubborn-minded Individ-
ual. The joyous transformation from,
sickness to health through the use of
Paine's Celery Compound la constantly-
going on in every direction, so that those
once alarmed about the safety of near
and dear ones now rejoice to see tha
bloom of returning health lighting up and
beautifying features once pallid and wan.
Paine's Celery Compound continues to
oe woman's best home friend in times of
sickness. At this season when the num-
berless ilia of women are a source of dan-
ger and anxiety, women stand in need of
a disease banisher and life-giver like
Paine's Celery Compound to cleanse the
blood, to restore digestive vigor, to banish
sleeplessness, to brace the nerves, to ban-
ish the symptoms of deadly kidney dis-
ease, to dispel the agonies of rheuma-
tism and neuralgia.
This. is the season, to-day 13 the time
to begin the use of this best of medical
prescriptions. There la not the slightest
reason to advance why any woman should
continue in suffering, when Palne's Celery
Compound can be so easily procured.
Heaven grant that you may have faith
sufficient to use at least one bottle of na-
ture's health builder in order that you
may be convinced that it is what you
need. __/_ .
I may Number of
Jj Z \ HZ J t CLEVERN ESS 1 |
J OUT TO-DAY. j
df^\ TheJoslen
ffijM S5P&L Treatment
y®mf Weakness
A 7\ MARKS A
/A J\ * definite' ad-
r / N^- r | /I \ \ vailce in medical
/ \^^ =£ mM \ 1 sconce. It over-
/ V^* Jrl **¦ ¦ comes even the
\ yfiL I most aggravated
v *w*^" forms of func-
r» /» m«T -itt>t -w Tk tlonal disorder. It
Q» C,_ JOgLEN,.M-_P» , a „,„ flrst rea ji y
— — — — — — — successful treat-
ment ever devised for prematureness, loss
of power, etc. These derangements are but
eymptoms of local Inflammation or conges-
tion, and are not due to. nervous disorder,
as is commonly supposed. I carefully study
each case My treatment Is pliable to meet
every condition, and never falls to perma-
nently restore the full degree of strength
and vigor. • ¦ ¦ . • • . , t
Consultation free at office or by mail. '
"Write for pamphlet, "Live All Tour Yean
a Man.
DR. OV C. JOSLEN,
. 1049 Market Street,
Diagonally Opposite Hlbernia Bank.
fLJr FAVOR3TE
& FOR WEAK WOMEN.
It ~7*Qi5£r*f~ -^othlngrlikeit. Comfort & fa
H-— 2^$%^ security! A Perfect Retainer. JUI
/jfc/\ write today for "booklbt so. 1<"Mwi
'^gdffly Address: . Magnetic B. Truss Co^ BW
206 Post Street, San Francisco, Cal. i ¦':'- "4
or I M5 Broadway, New York, Xratioa tiU P>pw BSBL
fEHlVTdyhrpiLLS
' it3^«^' 1^ INJECTION. C
pA PERMANENT CURE I
i J o f the most obstinate cases of Gonorrhea >
(• ana Gleet, eaaranteed in from 3 to 6 <
< «Uts ; no other treatment required. S
5 ; Sold by all drnggista. $
fg^S WONG WOO,
IpT CHINESE TEA AND HERB
LfcJ 7 SANITARIUM. I
Z&P^ViAV A LL DISEASES I. URKI>
'vXVWlMfi* f\ exclutlvely by Hi In—
ttrbg. over SOOO varieties balnjr used Uoun
• :80 to U a. m.. i to 8 and 7 to g g. ia.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL»
|^ EARNT AND WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
.^ "o^e'ed and renovated. KING, "WARD A
to. European plan. Rooms, 60c to 11 50 day-
?5 to |8 week; «S to *20 month. Free baths-
hot and cold water every room; fire grates la
every room; elevator runs all night.
AUTOMATIC SHELL EJECTING
V\ ¦ ¦ * ' S2 or 38 Caliber, S3.75
SifaiTn HWT/"k*« SH REVE & BARBER
tfc Pi VflB I VP I co - San Francisco.
*»V T Ul T VI Guns, Fishing Tackle
and Sporting Goods.
Send for Catalogue. ¦
a* . "PATENTS Jj
MARKET ST.'sJ}^S^
O A T r n n W fl I " C0Tne f Fourth and
CAFE ROYAL issfts
oc. Overcoats and
valises checked fr««.
Weak Men 1 and Women
SHOULD TJSE* DAMJANA BITTERS THE
Great -Mexican Remedy; gives health and
strength to sesualorrans. Depot,. 323 Market!
THE WEEKLY CALL
$1 pep Year,'-: " PARIS, ¦ ¦ April ¦' 15. — A . decree was .; signed by
President : Loubet | to-day providing, for. the par
ticipation % of i France i at f the- St. - Louis -. Exposi
tion | and appointing I M.iMlchel t La Grave . com
missioner; general s of;: the French section.'
• WASHINGTON, April 15.— The following
Californians ; have arrived^ at . the - hotels :
National— Pauline Scherrrierhorn, i Los 'An
geles; J. K. P. DIckson, W. H.' Tyler, San
Francisco. <•', Raleigh— A: C. Jones, Los An
geles; D..S. Richardson, Charles Pr Os
good,/ Mrs. L. Dinkelspeil, Miss Dlnkel
speil,) W." J. Currier, San : Francisco. " St."
James— E. P. Bruninger. Willard— H.
Schussler, G. Schussler; . Miss ¦: Louise
Schussler. . ¦ Arlingtan^MIss "A. L.- Ban
croft. San Francisco.
Californians : in Washington.
NEW YORK, April 15.— The . following
Californians are In New York: From Oak
land—R. Powers, Grand Union. From San
Francisco— I. J. Conroy,' Netherland; H.'
L. Daniel, Netherland; D. Ghirardelli
Netherland; Miss Ghirardelli, Netherland;
J. B. Hayes. Criterion; F. C.^ Hotaling
Imperial; D. F. Lauer, Imperial; V A
McFarland, Bartholdi; W. A. Ashland,
Herald Square; B. C. Samuel, Astor
House; P. Samuel, Astor House" H
Francis, Grand Union; R..H. Hugg, Park
Avenue; H. J. llahoney,. New Amster
dam; H. A. Yuzut, Imperial.
Californians in New York.
• Fifteen * hundred members, of the
eration of -Workmen paraded through San
Juan 'this : afternoon." They, stopped at the
palace . ¦ t and y : '-. sa w ; . Governor ' Hunt,'", who
spoke a few words to them. - The paraders
,were i; orderly. ¦ , . '¦•, ;
;". i Iglesias is ; now at ; Ponce, where ; he has
organized-several-unions of. the American
Federation^ of rLabor.v There was;a:simi
lar * parade ;> at ? Ponce j when 'J- the I news of
Iglesias'; acquittal ; reached 'there. ;
The court acquitted Iglesias ¦¦ of all the
charges - against him, thus reversing the
decision ', of the lower, court.'; A fine of , $25,
however, r for j contempt ;„'¦ of •' court ;• in '> not
answering a^ summons ," was allowed to
stand. X " :^flnWWTBlMtf BT»WBrrilTBWhB|
, SAN I JUAN, . April 15.^The : Supreme'
Court : of . Porto Rico rendered : a - decision
to-day,in*the appeal^of Santiago" Iglesias,
president of ; the '< Federation of Workmen
of " Porto ¦ Rico, 'who '.was ' sentenced I last
December to/ three , years four; months
and .eight Cdays'' imprisonment on I the
charge , of conspiring ¦ to , raise the price of
labor in Porto ; Rico. - , •-¦? -..' - , - ¦„" -: .. j
the Decision in the Case
of^Iglesias.
Supreme Court of the Island Reverses
POBTO B.ICAN LABOR _
LEADER IS ACQUITTED
Ex-Governor H. H. Markham is a guest
at the Palace. He Is registered from
Madera. .. •
- Mr». D. C. McLaughlin, a wealthy resi
dent of Salt Lake, is a guest at the Oc
cidental. She is accompanied by " her
daughter.
Captain John H. Whalley, who made a
splendid record fighting In Manila, re
turned on the transport Thomas yester
day and is a guest at the Occidental.
W. F. Detert, a mining man of Jackson,
is at the Lick.
J. W. Henderson, a banker of Eureka,
is at the Lick.
N. Blackstock, a prominent resident of
Ventura, is at the Palace. • ¦
H. B. Muir, a well-known lawyer of
Willets, is a' guest at the Grand.
The Misses Clary, well-known society
ladies of Stockton, are at the Occidental.
' D. D. Allison of Fxesno is at, the Lick.
Charles Francee, ex-Mayor./ 6t Salinas,
is at the Grand.
. PKRSONAL.
CINCINNATI, April 16.— The Nutmeg
Club of Hartford, Conn., secures the Cor
bett-McGovern fight. There were five oth
er bidders, including the Yosemite Club of
San Francisco.
Hartford Gets the Fight.
FINNS MEET ITALIANS
AND ONE \ MAN IS DEAD
Enlivened by a General
Fight.
Dance at a Mine Near Nanaimo Is
VANCOUVER, B. C, April 15.— Fence
pickets, chairs, planks and 'wooden - rails
of all sizes, from hand spikes to sawlogs, ;
were some of the weapons used in a free
fight which occurred last night between
the Finnish and Italian colonies at the
Extension mines, near Nanaimo. What
started the trouble was until late "to-day
a mystery being Investigated by the po
lice,.but one of the results was the- fatal
injury and subsequent death of a' Finn
named Machier. i^.-", > . ;
The. scene of the trouble was a dance
given by the Italians, into which a' num
ber of Finns broke, and a free fight-en
sued. The first weapons that came to
hand were used andthe flghtwasa fierce
one. Machier was ¦ carved • up ; during , the
melee and : died, -in the . hospital ¦ to-day.
Arrests are being made.
Syndicates Supply Money.
NEW YORK, April 15.— A World cable
from London says: J. P. Morgan's syn
dicate has underwritten fifty-five millions
of. the war loan at 2% percent The Roths
child syndicate underwrites '* eighty-five
millions, leaving only twenty millions for
popular; subscription. •¦"¦ . • ; . < - . •
-VIENNA, April 15.— Americans havo
opened the Austrian racing season with
remarkable success. After winning the
first race last Sunday, Trainer Dew's
horses got first place four times to-day.
Three of the winning horses were ridden
by Charlie Van Dusen, an American
jeekey.
Americans Wins in Austria.
Peculiar Deaths of a "Widow, Her Son
and Daughter and a
Friend.
NEW YORK, April 15.— Four persons
were found dead to-night in the living
apartments of Esther Kohen, a widow on
Third avenue. They had been killed by
inhaling the fumes of illuminating gas.
The dead:
KOHEN. aged 50.
HEXRY KOHEN. her son, aged 23.
LENA KOHEN, her daughter, aged 17
KDITM FLOW, a friend of the Kohens,
aged 16. - • ;
Henry Kohen was found dead lying on
a lounge in the parlor, and the other three
were in bed In another room. All the win
dows, fan light and entrance doors had
been tightly closed. Two unlighted gas
jets were turned on in the parlor, where
Henry lay. BK9B
FOTJB PEESONS INHALE
THE GAS AND PEEISH
PARIS, April 15.— Jules Dalou, th«
sculptor, Is dead. He was born In 1838.
CINCINNATI, April 15.— Bids for the
fight between Terry McGovern and Young
Corbett for the feather-weight champion
ship of the world were opened at the of
fice of a local newspaper here to-day. 'Six
bids were received, the highest being that
of the Nutmeg Club ' of Connecticut, $14,
000.. Among the bids received was one
from the Yosemlte Club of San Francisco.
Sam Harris, manager of McGovern, and
Johnny Corbett, manager of Young Cor
bett, were present and both agreed to
have thein. men ready to fight before the
Nutmeg Athletic Club some time between
October 7 and 15.
McGovern and Corbett Matched.
Is now on. Beginning to-day at 9 a. m.,
there will be placed on sale 50004j)alrs la
dies* and men's fine shoes and colonial
ties; "Sorosis," Laird's, Burt
and other popular makes; all sizes widths
and up-to-date styles, for $1 90. , These are
from the Gilbert stock and are worth
from S3 50 to $7 a pair. First come, first
served. 224 Kearny street.;,, •
The Big Sale of Fine Shoes
.There Is a i movement on foot • to bring
the affair before . the Native - Sons -. . offi
cially, and '* have ' the Fraternal Brother
hood, which j numbers many Native ' Sons
and A Daughters.- deal with? Crenshaw.
There was further talk* of inviting Cren
shaw. to leave 'this, place. Crenshaw is
still here, however,, and says that he will
not be driven* out of the country. ' The
Fraternal Brotherhood 'will be ; asked ¦• to
investigate: the affair.
I The vigilantes then took hold of the cart
and' drew the frightened man about town
and up to a watering trough. They. were
about to plunge him into the icy. water,
when . cooler counsel prevailed "and it was
decided to order him. to leave town. Cren
shaw was drawn over a rough trail to the
edge of town, given his valise and told to
depart. '•;; It was nearly ;• midnight. The
night . was dark and It was thirteen miles
down a narraw-gauge track to this .town,
In a ¦ mountainous country and over dizzy
trestles 100. feet high; He arrived here in
the morning, half dead f rom . fatigue.". "> -^
Crenshaw immediately^ swore .' to ,'a.
wholesale bunch of ; John :' Doe •: warrant3
and some arrests have already been made.
Crenshaw., Insists, that he, did. not: make
the statements charged to. him, but twen
ty-five men of Nashton will swear, he did.
These comments were soon ¦ given wide
publicity and the ire of Nashton's young
men and old men, brothers and' fathers
Of native daughters, was aroused. ¦ They
organized under a leader, and, after. Cren
shaw had retired :to bed, the band .of cit
izens . repaired to his abode: , The leader
knocked on the door, and, on receiving an
answer." told Crenshaw - to ., come to the
door. When he complied- three stout , men
seized ' him . in his night - clothes, and. a
small dump-cart, . ready - for the ; occasion,
was brought up. Crenshaw was' thrown
Into this. - Then s hls clothing, and valise
were brought out. .' In the j freezing^ night
air Crenshaw was made I to, dress himself.
CARTERS, April ;15.— W. N. Crenshaw,
State organizer, of the Fraternal Brother
hood, a secret" society of. recent strength
In this .State, has .sworn, to complaints
against twenty-eight residents of Nash
ton, as the result of an exciting experi
ence he'. had in that village on, Saturday
night. Crenshaw, who is a recent arrival
from ] the East,'' formed a lodge of his or
der,here last week and went to Nashton,
thirteen miles above, to perform a similar
office. Crenshaw attended a ball there : on
Saturday night, and while ; at the dance
is alleged -to have made slighting remarks
to the effect that he was mingling with a
company below his station- and-, that I if
his parents' in the East knew, of it they,
would disown him. He is also alleged to
have made slighting remarks ; about Cali
fornia's native, daughters.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
No i traces ..whatever could be found of
the burglars and It is not known whether
they were killed or escajJed. . .
DULUTH, Minn., April 15.— Telephone
advices received' from Eveleth early, to
day, reported- the destruction by fire last
night of the City Jail, and the blowing
up of the Duluth, Mesaba and Northern
Railroad depot by burglars at that place.
In the jail fire an unknown prisoner was
burned to death. ';;
Several hours ' later burglars blew up
the depot safe. -They overestimated the
amount of nltro-glycerln needed and as
a result there was .a report that woke up
the entire town, shattering windows in the
houses for blocks around. When the cit
izens reached the scene of the explosion
the station lay in ruins and the debris
had *caught fire from the stove.
flames were extinguished and then an un-,
successful search was made for the safe.
It was too big to carry away and It Is
thought It must have been blown into
pieces too small to be located.
-Search; said that; the greatest need of
the organization was a' larger Income, and
he ; advocated the increase . of the annual
fee from ' $50 • to » $100. . As a; means . of In
creasing the influence and prestige of the
association: Search suggested? the -holding
of :: semi-annual : conventions of manufac
turers and; merchants ; for the considera
tion : of special :. topics : . such,; for example,
as methods of extending export trade. He
also ' recommend ,the subdivision {of the
work; of the association among a number
of • committees. '
-.- Concerning * isthmian " canal ¦ projects
Search took ; the position that the people
really • cared but little .whether the Pan
ama i or .the Nicaragua J route should be
chosen, - so long as some decisive action
should be taken by Congress which would
advance the matter to the- point of actual
undertaking of the construction of an in
teroceanic waterway.; • ;- - - - .¦
The pending bills for the reorganization
of , the ; Consular service on practical lines
were recommended for approval : by ; the
association. ' The ! pending eight-hour bill
and the •"anti-Injunction' bill,"- Search
said, should not be permitted to become
laws without having been most carefully,
considered" in their bearing -on- manufac
turing ; Interests:;-' The appointment ;of :a
permanent * committee on \ interstate com
merce law was recommended as ' a means
of aiding the movement to secure desired
amendments of that act.'?gsP88&n9MM
. ; The principle of 'direct Government' aid
to the merchant • marine, , as embodied- in
the c pending ship subsidy bill, was com
mended as in perfect accord with the; dec
larations of previous annual conventions."
¦ With regard to the proposition to create
a new.' Federal department "Search ex
pressed gratification at the progress that
had been made toward the passage of the
Nelson bill, and urged more energetic per
sonal support of the measure by the indi
vidual members of the association.
Search maintained that the National
Reciprocity Convention, . which- was;: held
in 'Washington last November, was thor
oughly representative of the manufactur
ing interests of the country and its action
indicative ! of ' the true sentiments' of the
manufacturers concerning reciprocity. He
declared. that further development of the
reciprocal trade Idea depended : upon the
possibilities of special legislation like that
for which the • proposed concession to
Cuba affords a 'precedent. ' UC-:
INDIANAPOLIS, April 15.— The seventh
annual convention of the National Manu
facturers' Association met this • morning
in the Hall of Representatives. : In his an
nual "report— the sixth he has presented—
President .Theodore C. Search of Philadel
phia called attention to the; declining ex
ports of American manufactured products
and urged manufacturers not to neglect
their, foreign customers in this era of ex
traordinary home demand, lest in -times
of depression they should find ¦ their for
eign trade destroyed and no export out
lets ': for the . : surplus .' of an overstocked
home market. . . " . »
SEATTLE, April 15.— Dal Hawkins "went
down to defeat before Perry Queenan at
the Armory to-night after , one of the
prettiest fights ever pulled off In Seattle.
The end came with startling suddenness.
Uoth men were fighting fast and going
strong in the thirteenth round, when, just
at the close, Perry caught Dal a terrific
blow in the stomach. ¦ The older fighter
bent nearly double and the bell saved
him from going out in that round.
Dal was plainly worried when he came
out -of his corner for the fourteenth, but
went to" certain ' defeat with gameness.
Perry carried the fight right to Dal from
the tap of the gong and ripped a terrific
right to Hawkins* body. Dal swayed and
saved himself from going to the floor only
by spreading his legs. Perry was after
him like a tiger. He sent a long sweep to
the jaw and followed with a lunge with
the right to the same spot. Dal went 'to
the -floor with a crash. His head struck
first and he lay stretched on his back. with
hi3 eyes, set and not a '. muscle . moving.
Dal drew up his right leg at the count of
nine and, his head rolled a little to one
side, but he could not get up. He j was
counted out.
It; was a clean fight and the best man
won. Queenan rushed matters from the*
start and played for the body from the
tap of the gong. Hawkins stalled him off
with his clever left for- live round3, but
in- the sixth Queenan landed -his- first
solid punch of the fight.- It .was a right
drive . over the heart. . It " made : 'Dal
wince, and his body : was still- red. from
:.he effects of It when he got the finish
ing stroke. Queenan- kept up his body
fighting through the contest, and ¦ the
light swings he landed slowly wore Dal
down to defeat. '
Hawkins played a" walling same
throughout the" fight t The younger - and
stronger man had .-.to . carry- the . fight' to
the veteran, who contented". himself " with
right " crosses and left hooks.- " . ¦
The court has not yet decided to ac
cept the bond of the Fidelity Company
for the appearance of Rathbone. If this
bond la not accepted counsel for Rath
bone probably : will apply for a writ ' of
habeas corpus, /and
HAVANA, April 15.— A fidelity company
has filed a bond for $100,000 with the
court i as bail for the appearance of E.
G. Rathbone, the former director o£
posts, on his appeal. This company's
bond was refused when offered for the x
appearance of Rathbone when ho was*
first arrested, but his lawyers, now Insist
that, according to law and in the Inter
ests of justice, ball should be accepted.
The company has risks amounting to
J2.000.000 in Cuba, mostly on account
of Government employes.
The president of the court has consult
ed with Governor Wood concerning: tha
matter of accepting the bond, but nr> de
cision on the subject has been reached.
Nasiiton.
Secret Lodge Organizer
Is Escorted Out of
Manufacturers Told > to
Cultivate Foreign
r Customers/
Fidelity Company Strives
to Secure Prisoner's
Release— .
nian in Fourteenth
Round.
Knocks Out the Califor-
Use Nitro- Glycerin Imd
Wake Up a Whole
' Town.
Is Bested by "Kid" Williams—Snall
. . ham Knocks Out Gilf eather.
STOCKTON, April 15.— Jack" O'Brien o'f
New York lost a decision to "Kid" Wil
liams of this city to-night at the end of
twenty rounds of fighting in which it was
a hard punch against cleverness, ring
j generalship and superb blocking. • Sev
! eral times Williams appeared to have
¦ Jack about out, but he always came back
! for more punishment. He took a hard
beating, but was still' strong at the
I of the twenty rounds and making Wil
j Hams break ground. The "Kid" sur
: prised every one by staying the limit, as
| he was not "'expected to last more than
j eight rounds, as he usually does not get
i in good shape, but this time he was right.
SnaUham knocked out Gllfeather in the
eightli round with a left to the point and
a jolt in the stomach. It was the best go
seen here for months.
O'BRIEN LOSES DECISION.
STIRS MOUNTAIN
MEN TO ANGER
QUEENAN WINS
FROM HAWKINS
EXPORT TRADE
NEEDS STIMULUS
OFFERS BOND
FOR RATHBONE
BURGLARS BLOW
UP A BUILDING
SPOKANE. Wash., April 15.— Great
Northern eastbound passenger train No.
4 was ditched about-a mile east of Chat
taroy shortly before noon to-day. The
engine, three baggage cars and three pas
senger coaches left the track. It is ber
lieved no one was seriously hurt, though
one man may be injured internally. The
wreck occurred on a straight track and
the cause is not known.
but Probably No Person Was
Seriously Hurt."
Great Northern Train Meets Disaster,
ENGINE AND CARS
RUN OFF THE TRACK
The United States Embassador, Gen
eral Horace Porter, met President Loubet
at the entrance of the building and con
ducted him to the Presidential box, which
was elaborately decorated with American
and French flags, flowers and the arms of
tne United States, as were the boxes oc
cupied by General and Mrs. Porter and
J. K. Gowdy, the United States Consul
General, and Mrs. Gowdy. The pro
gramme consisted of selections and scenes
from operas and plays, recitations and a
ballet, in which appeared the leading
members of the Opera Comique. the three
Coquellns, Sarah Bernhardt, Mme. Fuegere
and Mme. Rejane. At the close of the
performance "The Star Spangled Banner!'
was sung by Ellen Beach Yaw of San
Francisco and the "Marseillaise." All the
artists were warmly applauded.
PARIS, April 15— The gala matinee per
formance at the Opera Comique to-day in
aid of the fund for a memorial to the
late President McKinley at Canton, Ohio,
was a great artistic and financial suc
cess. The house was crowded with resi
dent Americans and many Parisians of
social prominence.
able Matinee for the Fund in
Paris.
President of France Attends a Not-
FRENCH ARTISTS SING
FOR McKINLEY MEHEORIAX
• President Nicholas Murray Butler de
clines to discuss the subject *n any way.
NEW YORK, April 15.— Public an
nouncement will be made after the instal
lation ceremonies in Columbia College of
a munificent money gift to that institu
tion by Andrew Carnegie, according to
information which reaches the Press and
which that paper will print to-morrow.
The. exact amount is known only to the
president and the board of trustees, but
there is good reason to believe that.it is
not far short of $1,000,000. This will be
more than sufficient to build a college
hall, a chapel or dormitories, to which
purpose the gift is to be applied. <~
Carnegie up to this time hag given noth
ing to Columbia. Carnegie and John D.
Rockefeller will be guests of the univer
sity on Saturday, and the presence of the
great ironmaster is regarded as an Indi
cation that Columbia is about to be re
membered.
Socialist disturbances occurred last
night at Xamur. A mob stoned the po
fte.' who charged with drawn swords.
STibs^quently a force of gendarmes scat
. tered the rioters.
. The strike is steadily extending, both in
this city and its suburbs, especially at
Molenbeek, where a number of large fac
tories have stopped work.
The burgomaster has refused the social
ists' request to be allowed to follow their
own devices in burying the socialists
killed during Saturday's riots. Orders
have been issued for the procession to be
held at 6 o'clock in the morning, without
bands or funeral emblems. Otherwise
the interment must be carried out at
night. . .
It is estimated that the strikers in the
Charleroi district now number 50,000.
There are frequent parades there, but the
town Is generally peaceful. In accord
ance with the advice of the strike lead
' ers.
All the factories and mines at Morlan
welz. Valare and Mabille have been
closed.
In consequence of the disorders the pu
pils of several common schools have been
dismissed and the premises utilized as
barracks for troops.
Schools Used as Barracks.
The strike in Brussels and its" environs
is of a minor character, but in the indus
trial districts it is to-day more formid
able than ever.
The appeal of the socialist leaders for
& demonstration at the Chamber of Dep
uties to-morrow has created some unea
siness. A number of shopkeepers have
barricaded their windows. It ™ rumored
to-night that the cab drivers and tram
way men will strike.
The socialists are pleased with the Lib
eral manifesto presented in the Chamber
this afternoon, as it supports their de
mands.
In the Chamber of Deputies this after
noon II. Neujean presented a manifesto
on behalf of the Liberal members of the
Leftists, demanding dissolution in order
to enable the country to pronounce on the
revision question. This manifesto pointed
out that the time was critical and the
country threatened with civil war, and
for the Government to consent to a loyal
and constitutional settlement could not be
represented as a surrender to popular dis
order. •*" *'.
To this challenge the Premier. 11. de
Smet de Nayer, replied briefly by declar
ing that the right of dissolution rested
with the King. He added that he felt It
his duty to warn Parliament against the
rumors of Government concessions.
M. Janson, the Liberal leader, retorted
that the Chamber could, by a motion,
cali upon the King to change the Minis
try. He said there was no sign of con
ciliation in the Premier's reply to M. Neu
jean and that responsibility for the con
sequences would rest on the Government.
Refuse to Resign. y
At this point M. Woest, a Catholic Dep
uty, who. although not a Minister, is a
powerful adherent of the Government,
jumped up and exclaimed: "There is no
civil war, but only evilly disposed men.
You demand our resignation, but you
shall not have it."
The President then declared the incident
closed and the House rose.
To-morrow the Socialist members of the
Chamber will present their demand for
universal suffrage. This will inevitably
be defeated, and it is feared that this de
feat will lead to trouble, particularly in
the provinces..
Xo noteworthy incident occurred to-day
in the streets of the city. The authorities
have taken extraordinary measures to
avert disorders, and the whole quarter,
comprising the Chamber of Deputies, the
palace and the Ministers, is kept in com
plete fsolation from the rest of the city
by cordons of the city gruard.
A torrential storm, which began at 8
o'clock this evening, has cleared the
ttreets. >
BRUSSELS, April 15.— The Government
has firmly declined to yield' on the ques
tion of revision, and unless King Leopold
should override the Ministry there seems
to be nothing to prevent the development
of a serious situation.
— — ¦
Money to Be Used in Building
:.- Hall, Chapel and Dor
mitories.
Strikes Still Spreading and
Further Rjots Are
Feared.
Refuses to Dissolve the
Parliament of Bel
gium.
Andrew Carnegie Makes
Needed Donation to
the College.
GIVES MILLION
TO COLUMBIA
KING LEOPOLD
WILL NOT YELD
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY
5
That such Is • the ¦ case has been con-
clusively proven by " Bdentinc : researclv
Profr Unna, the ' noted '•', .European skin
specialist; declares [. that dandruff ( is* ; the
burrowed-up cuticle - of; the: scalp," caused
by parasites ¦destroylng;the.'vitality 1 in; the
hair bulb.- The hair becomes lifeless," and;'
in time," falls out." This can -be prevented.
Newbro's i Herpicide ; kills -this * dandruff
germ," and ? restores the, hair 'to its natural
softness and abundancy.. . ;
-:; Herpicide : is. now- used; by thousands of
¦people— all satisfied that it is the - most
wonderful; hair preparation, on "the, Mar-
ket to-day. ¦ •.'•..
runner of Future Baldness.
First Appearance of Dandruff a Fore-
NIP IT IN THE BUD.
HAVE YOU
HEARD OF IT?
If You Have Not;
Your Neighbor Has/
There are over 500Q H'.ine pianos .In use ; in
San -Francisco," and. not one can -be found that
U not : giving: perfect satisfaction. ' No other
. ttrm can say, as much. ... -.
v The i Heine Piano ! Co.'s outstanding accounts
In •- San "- Francisco ; - amount - to > over ' $100 000 "
Heine and Krell pianos combined have a back-
Ing of over $l;000,000.i That is. what makes us
stronger than r any of .'our competitors. , From
factory direct to consumer; that is what saves
you at least $50 on each piano. '-^We 1 handle 20
different makes, but on our own ; product,; Krell
and Heine pianos/ we can save you moat money
and give you the- best there is In the land
We are selling or. renting at $3 a' month. ¦
¦--; , :: ";H[EirNE:- -
JESS - - jffifi' ' B29 "n^w ipH." j Haw
Warerooms and Hall,' 235-237 'Geary '; Street.' x'-
ST : A Handkerchief X : .: W0^lkiM^ , Hot Plata Stands 5
| Safe on Wednesday* Me rzeriz 3d Sateen \^y%^:' : S>~ Dress Shields, 9c. *- at Half Price* S
Handkerchiefs to-day ata litt'e more than: half ;. " 14C. ¦ i f^M/7' -^'-' -f '> ¦"¦*•'' f. '"¦¦¦'• f A V- Beginning to-day and while quantity lasts, a >5
: rcgu'ar pricesj new, desirable goods, perfect P? 1 " ? g °°. W^Y specially bought lot of vrry. pretty .China &
* in every way. • satee n- 1 2 in wide- eouallv stockinet dress shields that Teapot or Hot Plat: Stands, either round or .*
«--.-*oo dozen sheer union linen - hemstitched Vn^W " ? • Slr^V' #^7- ' *^ 9/ »'*A5^> arcworth.it least I Cc a £quare shape, gold edge and dainty deccra- .«
§ • corded Handkerchiefs- for. ladies; Iancy de- su:tab!c . ? r , UI ± r^ Or ""'Ti " r " '^ RM ' a>g ' ttP^ FC - r - m " mm tm ** T mir- on sa'e Wed made'to s:U for aoc each} „ • •«
| ]SrW^T?.1?&eO .J^^?^I4G -**^ S ® B^ -"t price..... WC |
Jf.- 150 dozen sheer all-linen Handkerchiefs, V -mg^'^ "*•'¦¦ '¦" : ¦'¦'' ' ¦ *¦¦ ¦' '"• -¦¦¦¦_•--'.--¦. ¦ , ¦ ¦ O T*3^ m G lm a' ¦ •*
% trimmed 1 with fine Valenciennes" lace and in- ¦? 'V s Season's Biggest ToWBl Saio begins Tkifsdav , and. other ieitiiresof the center J I alts %inO3 i-—^ —^ «
,f - sertions, desirable 20c and a S c styles; disfeidles'wi/lfciTjblj.C^ \ J S2.OO. S
J especial each . 14C Q - ' ;-; — ¦ '; ? ;-••.; ¦ ; ;,' - "/ ¦ ; / -• •;-;--- ¦ •" - - '• _— Here ifa neat s^h \//\ S
jf iS&lr.' ¦ white striped heavy •.¦ ; '(*7^-- "'¦''"- -y([' ; r ''"' ' :; ' '- \ . This important yearly sale so auspiciously begun on Monday continurs leather tips, medium / ( %
i-.. ¥1/ . W^i^?^tim^Mm& y^.^^ j
H /Uff^^7hf>\ shown? filie pcarl but " V y/Jr**- ' ; 'i^r-rf&k -- .Kand-Sumrner: merchandise for. men's and boys' wear, of which we have only stored price any -day 4^^^^ 5
' » "' nil v//// \'' toniiMd ' Ilsi "' iCo!o " : '"\ "¦¦ '¦•' ¦¦/ 1 -. :T® T-^^ft^v v a f c } v ' :^* t *- or sz.-s arc' broken/ arc Jn^clu^ed in this", offering.^*: A'so several this week, all sizes j»
•f " \ I / Vw( \ ° f $Ol ' d Cbambrav wa!st \ ~ //'" t -J J^IK:^V ' large special purchases at astonishingly Jow prices even for the Emporium. §2. GO 5
* 1 / /VtA^^n^^H /' v VsP^3 .Buy yovr Summer ovtlil now at a saving ol at least a third. - - J
t£ 51 I / /w, J waists only in " black * / ¦ ¦:¦'•/ - "-' '¦' "TTT" __rX^> "-> ¦ •' Msn'sSuiiS Boys* ! Laundered Waists— Sizes for 5 to 10 years; fist color percales; fOt2Sfflf'ftiinT*7f* 5
* \ V frV stripe, white ground and / 7) V- '¦ L_1_RP^ : » '"¦'- $7.40— 50c valu«; during this sale -. . . . ........ V . 29O ' ** * ™ f**"T*.- 1 %
f^\}f y/ all white; rsgularly / _>/• / ' 'GS* ChVice of hundreds Men's Unlaundered Shirtj— Heavy muslin; fine linen bosoms; 75c A first-class quaEty and choice designs for ,
% \^\y J//^\ special tc-day L— — - ,\ l 'of Spring and 'Sum- valu'rs; during this tale ... . . . . : .... . . . . 53c «»<* comforters, 20 different pat- *
tf' -"TV onlyV . - # V-» • ; // ; Suits; made of stricdy all-wool . worsted*; Boysr Oyerars-Good brown duck; in size 3 only; during this sale tern, a Ml yard wide 10c Silkoline; — j
S> • I •» F-flSJ 1 * II s , • lv -,„,. f«I,innaMf - ' 1ftr* on e Wednesday on:y, p:r yard . . m %* V
* '- ' -• • ...,:V«»TrU . . .I.I- tweeds and , vicunas; cut in the most fasn.ona we „•;'•••.•••• • • • W»C J 3t * 3 3*
jft Tailor Dresses $20.00 — A great sale and de- , // patterns- " worth '$10; $ii'5°~>' : d£^' Jig* $ Oo " Shlrts — Good percale, cufS to match; sale price . . 4-7 C ~ .*
j j^ servedly si; test qualities and styles of newest / / ' $15 and'f 17 50- during this sale »B'#«HF»f Men's Fancy Hosiery— Polka dots, drop stitch and open work effects; Table COV8fS antS "5
tf Tailor Dresses in every new effect and cloth ; I \ Youths' SuHS X4'G5- A^^ during this sale, : pair. . . .. ...._. .^ . . . 17o BattSnterO ScarfSm ~ 5
* and a 1 at one price—^20.00. We consider /;. / / blue cheviou and nobby striped effects for young Men s Solid Color Hosiery-Good Maco yarn; during this sale, pr. #/© . - , , ,xr j j , ' ' %
3 them the best valuer we ever add; all colors / / T < men 1 ? to' 1 q iyears of aee- regu- '^ '¦- — Men's Flannelette Night Shirts— A sample line in size 15 on'y; nice On spec:aJ sa e Wsdnesday only: .«
*¦ and black; all styhs and nt% . J i/ =¦ * ]Trly thKleV.^4-ff 5 .quality, full sizeV well made; sale price !. : . ... ... ?«#© Hemstitched Linen Table Coven-lX-prd J
ft. ony one price ..... &2Q.OQ I $ fiov«*i Cailnt. Suits $2.19— Men's Initial Handkerchiefs— Soft finished Japanct; during this sale, square, sonw of them stamped, ready to em- J,
ft ; ¦¦ - / I II il V f f* ' ' .-- - ui [ ' h v'ot or : "ch* •• 80 oroider, others plain; worth $1.25 mm n •*
X W c r d ® '? ; -!T ea rV ¦ , / T BOVS' VesiSuifsS3.48-S™ Men'sStitf andSof tH a IS-New and suple styles; the ful-pattern, but only fifty of them 7or this . j
* We are San Franc^co dxnbuters of these cele- ;. I . J\ ¦/, . • fc r 3^ .yeSfcoa^Tes" Jd ; knee pants; . stiff hats in black only; the fedoras m b'ack, browns, pearls and mix- s^cul sale; actual rJuc $2.25 each; pn« O J
bratcd hand-made, hats. All II -^jSe d^gtbis^^^ turrs; regularly 13.35; sale price . . . . . . ,. . $2 55 . Wednesday. . . . $1^48 %
! If- of popular shapes and colors— ,¦ _ _ -llj ,^^^"^- ¦^^^I^-™^Y-:'!S3^B Men's $U5 Black Fedoras— Medium brims; sale price . . . 98 C : : — ' ¦*
* guaranteed to wear one y&Jf.UU nV5\^ ;^^..^^^r-^^-^ce J^IfWs- >>^ Go If Caps-Sizes 6^0 6 plain and fancy . . I60 JCSSC A7CO/*C AA, %
» ' -^ ''v : : >\ h . ; ': -.y $2,68— For ages 7 to IC years: new Spring M&n*S Shoest $2.22— The fca'ance of a Jarge samp.e line, \mg A rtm**±K±r§-*im O/»- «
K 9 ¦ ' — O - , "* & —> : . and Summer^^ all-wool fabrics; the $3.50 >ud >nd the few of each style that are left from many broken lots of Spring WWCUnGSUaj^, €fUCm \g
J. tOt ¦All I hlS Week. :. f 4.00; values: '--'during V this"* sale and Summer footwear; £iz:s 6^, 7, 7^, 9^,10, 10^ only; shoes The genuine Jesse Moore AA Whisky— That .'
If,-, ¦'__ V . . .• ' '¦¦' "¦'¦-. '. '. -'. •¦'. '. &2mOC9 worth up to $6. co per pair; some great bargains if we have your size ro one in town sellsat less than $1.00, and "S
K The OWi GiitarS *„ .... '.i. D ',u. y ¦¦¦/.V-' , i . atthc . sa:^P ri «,/ • •: • • • • $2,22 in most places. 51.25 per bottle; at the big •
S- os >»/- Men s light weight ealbnggan Underwear; ecru . colors; 50c . values; Men's Underwear— Naturalwoolshim and drawers; $1.00 garments st ore on Wcdnesd.y onh/ ...... QQo X
tf O» fOr. 25 Cm duringthisfa'e, each, ...;...:. V . ....;.,. . . . . 29O during this sale, each. .... . . .--. . .-. . . . . . G9O Red Cross Gin— The genuine large black bot- *
I James Lick Cigars ,^^^> Ready -tb-AFi ear Hat $1.75. Cof fee, Prunes andOther e£ f ww£ n wTnes-tS, SiJt 'S %
* 4 fOr 25C. t "¦¦-¦'•¦• . ¦¦¦¦¦V ' , u • J { u 1. G00d ihlnSJS at Cut Hock, per gallon ......... 75 O .«
tS - —T '^^^^^^^^p.Jast as you see it here— only the picture does not half Prices Willis Whbky— That favorite old Anderson J
J B'J tie BOX, if V0U WISH, tc11 the goodpoints .of .it; full drape; - good quill and O ur Ee;t Cofee-Tava and""Mocha; either County " Straight Whisky, Spring of '94, £
If a, S^ Price: - '^^» splendid straw, .1. color,..., ............ «f. 75 S^S»^<~^ ,S?S!££%*-*±&gZ \
% O o %*;i?.;?M&. Chlld>s B>t.*U0-y«y,.pr«tt7 fancy stra» hat; stylbh S *"^, s'l .' " '^ 2So °"' botrte . tOo $
If _ „ n- - mi' **n ¦" '*• : XllJ^ ¦p'^ : poke shape;" nice ribbon" band and streamers, and , quite a Germza — The popular breakfast fcod, 4-Ib. " ~ ~ — Z
«C Pretty MsStallMOnS 2Oc. bargain; real value is $2:50; special at.". .. St.5O . P 30^"' Wednesday. . ... . s. . I80 MatfraS SatCm 3r
'*? They are worth at least 3 cc: these charming •>-¦'; ¦ "V, - . . -• ™- ¦ ,¦ Lemons — New, bright ones, Wednesday, dozen . , r n> V *« * "Z
J . colored life-photo medallion I,, a . large assort- Children's Trimmed Hits $3.93, $4.50, $S.OO— Very prettily trimmed and just the ...... . . tOo A nc^ of Printed Madra 3 , .J
If ment^of bright, pleasing subjects; they are right styles for the little ones;^ Wight, youthful and tasteful effects; made of Corn— Best Western Sugar Corn, Wednesday, heavier than Dimity, yet light and jg
J fx8ir.ches in siz-hav, a #-inch ornamen- fincst i e gh or n 3 and best trimmings; w;' know they are more than special D d . cz ; n .V " * L ' ' .' / •' 95 ,° airy for sammcr usc » in «quisitc .«
>» tal gilt .frame, and are complete with easel . , 1? : ' l'^" ' - l t ' 'j • > Roberts Cream Chocolate — Made instantly, desims and stvles* 2 ea«i-<s on ,n»rw1 *5
& back; Wednesday only, each ..__ \ values by, the . numbers we have so.d; prices rcqu : res no milk or sugar, tin .... designs and styles, 2 cas.s on specul ,%
% ..... .:...'..,.:. 2OC ...;:.;.:...;.. ;::.;....:..:...;. $3.95, $4,5O, $5.OO Importeu Sirdines-3 tins . . .. . . . 2So S '^ to-day only, yard ....... c £
THE, EMPORIUM.
THE . EMPORIUM.
THE i- EMPORIUM.
THE . EMPOBITJM.
THE EMPORIUM.
NEW ADVEBTISEMENTS.
For Ladies Mv||i I
Has reached Its . highest development In the «T A§S^\ \k \» 1 I
Kellar establishment. £F /1^\\ \ -U| » 1
" The ¦ Keller suits lor ladles are destined to £? w /- %g.)\ \k & If
mark an era in sult-maklnp in San Francisco StSf rill
because they ¦ impart - that subtle thing: called' . ,M§\ v^.i* - Juli
"CHIC" to their fatr wearers. The secret of wfcs 1 wK :
this 13 that the Keller tailors know how to W \ --&J Wjr\
favor tbe figure to the point of Ideality and Yt X^s^S; iHT *^Tv
give it srace and beauty even where It lacks \t- /3W{ JFnyis f\
naturally. That la the real test of artistic :-.-•- >^fc \- M } &^ '^£~sw ' '
: tailoring. .' Any . tailoring . establishment ¦ can . Sl>& /'/ \
cut- a ¦ trarment, fit -It to the figure 'k^\k\M "-'."•""
: fairly -well -and • give it some" sort E&'W «//
of passable ' finishing, but ' the Keller tail- 1& \1 Wj
orine does more . than these; It .puts theindi- • ftfk t
. .viduality. combined in sna?, eracefulness and -ffiy BiV
daintiness ; into the garment In such manner ... ffry u\l\. '• '
that these qualities seem to belong to the \yy£ W v^
INCLUDING THE J H A \ I
• .••Styles ~'ikJj^^
Cannot be duplicated either in fabric, quality or price I
outside of the Keller establishment. The cloths of
which they are made are all fresh, seasonable materials,
such- as broadcloths, Venetians, Scotch Tweeds, Chev-
iots and the. popular Panne Cloth.
1028-1030 MARKETVSTREET, \
San Francisco, Cal. I
, Also Oakland. — R
Special Offer
FOR
IS Days Only
THE SPLENDID
COLLECTION OF
TIieP.RossiCo.
Ccnsisting of Imported
ARTFURN1TURF,
COLONIAL MAHOGANY,
MARBLES AND BRONZif,
STATUARY, .
OIL PAIN1INGS !
A1SD ORNAMENTS
WILL BE SOLD AT
Than MarKcd Prices.
ThePJossiGo.
229 Sutter St.
Ect- Grant Ave. and Kearny St.
SAJi FRAXCISCO. ..ROSES— L., City. If. you will' step Into
any first-class seed store you can obtain
a catalogue which will give you a great
deal of information on the planting, grow
ing and training of roses, or if .you will go
to the reference room of the Free Library,
City Hall, you can obtain books there that
will give you in detail how to trail climb-;
ing roses 'and how, to cut them so as to
give the best results. :
BALLOON ; GAS— A. B. , Ov, City. The
gas used for ¦ balloons is either
hydrogen gas,, which is 14.43 times lighter,
than air, 1 ; or j ordinary coal gas, ; which is
about .three tlmea lighter than air. It's.
balloon occupy' as ¦ much space as 1000
pounds \ of I air, but weigh itself, covering
gas and appendages, 600 pounds, it win be
impelled -r upward;.. with;.; a" force of ..'400
; pounds.'; . ;There ; are ,' numerous : ways I of
" preparing hydrogen gas,* and the cost de
pends upon the manner. of preparing it,'-"
¦/: .. ¦¦ :.,;¦ « » . : _.¦ ¦
Men shaved without soap,' 15c. at Russ House
Antiseptic . Barber Shop,' 217; Montgomery. •; • ,
,- ; The saving-', of a "rev/*cent» on V bottle of ; Va- j
nllla' Extract r will npt ". atone, for 'annoyance of
having - dessert !:.**Just; a' little {. off",. In*-. flavor."*
A 1 way a i huv i Burnett' a.? the : ; standard "Quality"
; NOT TRUE— Eriq., Oakland, Cal. 1 It is
not ' true that : Booth, the assassin . of:Lin
coln, Guiteau of Garfleld and Czolgosz of
McKinley were all: of the. same religion.
So far as investigation shows no murderer
of a President of the United States had
the least connection with any. form of re
ligion or any church at the time of the
commission of the. crime. . ; • -•',¦.,. • '.
It was the tax on bread that'in the old days i led
to the Iriumphof the Cobdenites and the adoption
of free trade. A return to the corn laws therefore
would be a complete swing of the pendulum back
to its old position. The. duties , on grain could not.
long stand alone; for protection must be comprehen
sive in order to be popular, and it is quite, likely,
therefore, that Great ; Britain is at the beginning pf
a resumption of a. thorough protective system. j
The proposed imposition. of duties on grain is. not
unexpected.. In fact/long before the war. in South
Africa there was a- growing demand for protection
to the farming industry.' The war, with its
attendant debt and heavy expenditure, has precipi
tated an issue that would hav^come. sooner : or:
later even had the empire remained at peace. In fact,
of late, years the farmer has had ; more-or ; jess, sym
pathy from the manufacturer, for theVmafkets-of'.th^e!
kingdom are no'longer secure for. manufactured
£>,IR MICHAEL HICKS-BEACH has made the
plunge. After all the years of free trade he
*<~s purposes to restore the corn laws.' It is true
he evades as far as he can the issue which his
budget raises by speaking of the duties he proposes
to put upon grain as "registration duties" and declar
ing they will not be in any way "protective duties,"
but the evasion will avail only with those who wish
to be fooled, f The. mass of the British people under
stand the situation. That much -was sjiown by the
fact that the tax ort grain had hardly been an
nounced in the Commons - before extra editions of
the papers were on the street arid the newsboys
were shouting, "Tax on bread.";
THE BRITISH BUDGET.
It is announced that the Congressional Directory
hereafter- is to contain not only biographical sketches]
of Congressmen, but photographs"^as well, and per
haps, hereafter^ there will, be- pictures i of their, wives
and. their favorite actresses, and then ; the .work will
take rank as a live magazine and fill a long-felt, want.
It appears that Russia did not askthe assentofthe
United States nor of any otherpbwer to her recent
Manchurian" agreement 'with \ China, and now the dip
lomatists are ' trying : to tell ¦, her very politely that she
should'.' rot attend to her own.business in that ego
tistical v» ay. y i ' , . 4
. v The Board : of Educariqn^wa'nts an appropriation,
forjseveriteejivnew scnbolhousesA' '. It • Would : - be •inter
esting to knowvvhat the public needs. : . .
. Some of the Democratic papers in Pennsylvania
are trying to "rouse; their party by" assurances that
if ali Democrats stand. together and 'behave, them
selves . they can elect; a Democratic Legislature arid
assure ' a Democratic successor to Senator Penrcse.
After that almost any kind of a Democrat may be
expected to cherish hepe.
The prospects of an early close of the war in South
Africa will probably be pleasing even to -the Mis
souri; mule, for it is' better to pull a. plow at home
than to stampede on the veldt; but all. the same the
mule' is; losing a good chance to become an interna
tional issue and putting diplomats to the trouble
of 'deciding whether the United States can lawfully'
furnish him to a; country at. war .with another.
New York's reform District' Attorney, Mr.. Jer
ome, who is a. member of the noted family of that
name, is;havingsome trouble in adjusting his Fifth
avenue manners ', to the needs of j his public office.
Among other innovations he requires that, callers
send in their cards, and some folks don't; understand
the custom: . The newspapers tell of a woman from
the East Side who called to see him ; the other day
and having been'a'sked for hen card broke out indig
nantly: "A.card? A card? You "want a card? I
ain't got no cards. Do you think I'm. running a
poker game? Nein. I want to see Mr. Jerome about
a woman what called me out of. my name." ;'.
LUCUBRATION— Writer, City. • Lucu
bration is from the Latin, lucubratio.
However loosely this word, may be^ used*
by modern" .writers. Its literal meaning is
study at. night' by artificial light, or a
writing or composition prepared at night.
What a man writes or thinks in the day
time is not lucubration.
PATENT— A Subscriber, City.; If you
have an ¦ invention } that | is of - any value
and you wish to "have tlie same' patented
the safest thing* for you to do is to engage
the services of an agent who makes it a
business . to attend . to the securing of
patents for, clients.
CITY CEMETERY— Inquirer, City.
There is a record at the health office in
the - City Hall of all burials ; in the City
Cemetery.. A. P. Stariyan was the super
intendent of that cemetery in 18S0.
NO PREMIUM— C, Sacramento, Cal. A
half-dollar of 1853 • with; rays around the
ea^le and arrow heads at the date' does
not command; a premium. . .'
RECORD OF. DIVORCE— Subscriber,
City. , There is a record in the office of the
County Clerk, at the City Hall, of all di
vorces granted in this city. .
WALKING WITH A LADY— G. E. R.,
Haywards, Cal. In walking with a lady
the gentleman should always walk on the
•side nearest to the curb..
YEARS AGO— Subscriber, City. The
17th of March. -1855, fell on a Saturday.
ANSWEBS TO COBBESPONDEUTS.
Editor The Call— I note in your issue
of yesterday the account of the destruc
tion by tire on April 3, 150 miles west of
San Francisco, of the coal-laden British
ship Frankistan and the fortunate rescue
of her crew by the schooner H. C. "Wright.
I have personal experience of what flre
at sea means, for I was a passenger on a
ship on fire having 700 pounds of gun
powder aboard. When the fire was dis
covered in time to extineuish the flames
by strenuous efforts it was burning fierce
ly within six inches of the wooden caso3
containing the powder. , .'
Sailors who have often, faced death
calmly and without • fear in hurricanes
pale and tremble when the cry of flre is.
heard, and well they may, for they
know that in nine .cases out of ten they
are helpless and doomed.
Water poured into the hold of a coal
ship pn fire, in whatever, quantity, seldom
has any effect in' subduing' the flaWs. ; ¦
— Allow,. me to. make*, suggestion in your
columns .^as < follows: Let- every- ship,
especially coal ships,- be compelled to
carry a few barrels of pulverized marble
(carbonate of lime) and several carboys
of sulphuric acid. Let a suitable vessel
cr tank (it is very simple and cheaply
made) be put in 'some : convenient place In
the "ship where it can be readily reached.
Mix the acid and marble in this vessel
and ' Instantly ' carbon dioxide (carbonic
acid gas) will be generated in volume.
This gas is very heavy and is discharged
into the hold of the' ship and will rapidly
subdue the fire, being a destroyer of com
bustion. .- ' ¦ '
It seems strange to me that the sug
gestion has not occurred to ship-owners
and insurance companies where so much
of life and property is at stake.
LOUIS BLANDING.
: Sonora, April 9. . .
Suggestion to Ship-Owners.
We trust no one will miss a single excellence of
this two months' study of how to be caustic when
trying hard. In the first place due note should be
taken of the Governor's assurance of his recogni
tion of the convention as a "commendable assembly"
engaged in "momentous deliberations," and the
reader should make up his mind before going further
whether those phrases were designed for compli
ments or for satire. Next due attention should be
given to the remark that the delegates to the com
mendable assembly should be "absolutely exempt
from all personal influence of candidates," and an
understanding reached as to the meaning of the
phrase and the reason for making it Finally, the
pith, point and pungency of the whole elaborate
sentence is reached in the. announcement that to re
lieve the commendable assembly, of embarrassing in
fluences aft "aspirants for gubernatorial honors"
ought to stay away from the convention. That's
caustic.
In this letter the Governor may be said to have
capped the climax of his verbiage. What he has
done hitherto in the way of slurring his fellow guests
at banquets and other gatherings of a genial nature
count as nothing to this. Evidently the Governor
is better as a writer than as a speaker. His style im
proves after months of revision and correction. If
he should take a year to the production of such a
note he might write one that, would be caustic
enough to hurt somebody.
There is no reason for any special asto'nishment
that the Governor should have taken so much trou
ble to be caustic at this particular juncture. There
are a good many aspirants for the Republican nomi
nation for Governor this year, and it was a foregone
conclusion that most of them would attend the con
vention. The opportunity to scatter caustic over the
whole bunch with one swing was therefore excellent.
Gage would not have missed for.anj'thing such a
chance to insult all his rivals at one swoop. It was
like getting, a whole flock of sheep at one raid. He
meditated on it for two months and then he did it
The result is a caustic gem. It . should be read
carefullj', and the relation to one another of the va
rious parts of the paragraph should be keenly noted.
It runs thus: "While realizing the importance of
the convention, and that its purpose is to promote
the best interests of the great Republican party,
whose principles we cherish, and believing that the
momentous deliberations of the convention should
be absolutely exempt from all personal influence of
candidates, and likewise believing that the labors of
your commendable assemblage cannot be free from
embarrassing influences if aspirants for gubernatorial
honors attend the convention (and you are well
aware that I desire and expect the people will accord
me the proud distinction of a renomination) ; there
fore, putting aside self-interest in the premises and
looking solely toward the welfare of the Republican
party, incident to untrammeled discussion, I deem
it my political duty to decline the very great honor
and pleasure of accepting your much esteemed invi
tation to be present at the convention."
His Excellency's i;ote shows his method at its
best It was not written without due deliberation
over its sentiments and careful elaboration of its
style. The invitation to which he replied was dated
February 6, and the reply was dated April 10. The
Governor, it will be seen, had taken more than two
months to meditate upon his satire and to fashion
to the highest finish the words and phrases by which
it "was to be expressed. i i
In the speech with which he opened his campaign
fcr the Governorship Gage announced to the public
that he intended to make use of "caustic verbiage."
He did not live up to the assertion during the
campaign, for after the first speech he became quite
mild. But no sooner had he obtained office than he
became quite caustic indeed. Since that time he has
never attended any gathering without being caustic
to somebody, and it is therefore natural that since
he could not attend the San Jose convention he
should send the caustic verbiage by letter.
GOVERNOR GAGE'S letter to the Hon.
Alden Anderson declining to attend the
convention of the State League of Republi
can Clubs, and taunting every aspirant for the Gov
ernorship A\ho did attend it, should not have been a
surprise to the public What else could have been
expected of his Excellency in the art of casting in
sults round the land? From start to finish his rec
crd on that score has been consistent and unique.
GAGE'S CAUSTIC VERBIAGE.
This is one of the occasions where money talks best
when it talks promptly. The funds needed for the
reception of the visitors and for preparing commo
dious quarters for the transaction of their work
ought to-be subscribed early, so that everything will
be in order when the first visitors arrive and a good
impression be made upon them. . .
San Francisco has now an opportunity to make
herself attractive to this rich /and growing conven
tion and tourist trade. It is worth bidding for as a
business' proposition even if. there were no question
of hospitality, involved in the matter. Our people
should be liberal in providing for the entertainment
of the coming guests, and .the- local representatives
of. the two orders should have cordial help from the
citizens generally. in making arrangements for their
coming.
' The profits accruing ' to any ; community : ' which
rightly entertains large numbers of visitors are im
mense. There are some communities that virtually
live on visitors alone, nor are they by any means un
enterprising communities,;- Theigvea^city..pJ Paris
finds "it worth while to expend millions of- 'francs
every year in beautifying her streets and parks and
brightening them at night by innumerable. lamps just
for the sake qf attracting visitors. In fact, the tour
ist trade of our time is enormous," and the richest
cities in the world cannot afford to ignore it nor to
pass it over without making some attempt to attract
it and to retain it. ; .. ,. , '.
. The record of national;. gatherings 'in the /city last
year, when taken in connection with the arrange
ments made for similar conventions during the com
ing summer, affords convincing proof that San Fran
cisco has now become recognized as one of the
foremost convention cities of the Union: The pres
tige we now enjoy' in that respect willincrease with
the years, for it is indisputable that no other city of
any considerable siae is anything like so pleasant for
summer gatherings. .Visitors who come to us swel
tering from; the East find here a climate so cool and
so bracing that they' return home to "boom" the
claims of San Francisco as a convention city against
all rivals. .Thus each new convention adds to the
number of 1 those who. favor holding future conven
tions here, and so as 'time passes San Francisco, will
find in such gatherings an increasing source of busi
ness activity and wealth.
.V.Tr . T.ITH the national, gatherings of. the Mystic
V/V/;'Shriners.and ¦ the -^Knights^of /Pythias San
» ¦-¥:'; Francisco is^ to have this i summer one of the
liveliest 'seasons m •Her'* career: '¦ Each of tlie great or
ders has a nuraerbiis 'membership,.' and' 'each 1 - will
bring- to the -city- many thousands' of visitors from
all parts of the jJm^n^T^y^iiy^o^emofioafy for
business, but tor pleasure', and it behooves us to pro
vide them full -opportunities ;for:both. / V -i -
OUR COMING GUESTS.
WEDNESDAY APRIL 16, 1902
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
Hints AH CcsHBCsicttiou to W. 8. LEAKS, Vintger.
PLULICATIOJY OFFICE... IJJnrUet and Third. S. F.
EDITORIAL ROOMS... .-217 to 221 Stevenson St.
TELEPHONE.
Ask for THE CALL. The Operator Will Connect
You With tlie Department You Wish.
Delivered by Carrier*. 15 Otitu Per Week.
Slnsrle Copies, 5 Cents. -
Terms by Moil, Including Povtagret
DAILT CALL (including Sunday), one year $6.00
DAILT CALL (including Sunday). 6 months 8.00
DAILT CALL, (including Sunday). 8 months.... 1.50
DAILY CALL—By Single Month «5«
6D1CDAY CALL. On« Yew *-W
1VEEKJLT CALL, One Year 1*00
All postmasters are authorized to receive
subscription**.
Etxnple copies will be forwarded when requested.
. il»*l subscribers in ordering change of address should be
particular to rive both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to Insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
DAKLAAD OFFICE 1118 Broadway
C. GEORGE KROCXESS.
XtEtgtr Tcrelga Advertising, Ktrqnette Building. CUttg*.
(Lone Distance Telephone "Central 2819.").',
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAYIKG TOWN FOR THE SUMMER
Call subscribers contemplating: a change ol
residence daring: the summer month* can nave
tbelr paper forwarded .by mail to their new
sUldresses by notifying: The Call Bnslness Office.
This paper will also be on sale at all summer
resorts and Is represented by a local agent in
all towns on the coast. .
¦* Worthy efforts 'are'being made %£tfief&r"ectprs of
the South^: Park .'settlement, to ' Secure. lawyers for the
poor who ¦may -need -th'era in 'securing.justicerout of
the deyiousfmaze^of our petty courts. This endeavor
should recommend itself even, if! for- no! other reason
than -to 4 cripple 'the 'sharks; who; play in the courts
upon the rmse'ry> of- unfortunates. ' v . • . ¦ . ¦
Shakespeare and also for books discuss
ing him and his plays.
Everybody-, in is now laughing
over Maxwell's book, x "The Countess of
Maybury," and Is wondering whether any
of the sketches are really taken from
life. The book is creating almost as much
a sensation ( as did "The Visits of Eliza
beth." Maxwell .must be a very keen
observer of matters : in the social world
and in the smart world, too. '
Another book that is also considered a
skit upon smart society and. certain well
known people of the day is by . Dr. Frank
fort M&ere, and enjoys the strange title
of "A Damsel or Two."
Murray Js to make the experiment of
Issuing a™ 6 shillings net two'" works of
romance, which are not fiction in the or
dinary sense.
That, indeed, is the reason for the de
parture, which may be Interesting In view
of the circumstance that so many, novels
are row being: published m America at net
prices.
One of Murray's volumes with- which
this experiment is to be tr?ed is by^ Mont
gomery Carmichael, who has written
agreeably of Tuscany • and the Tuscan
people. It is entitled "The Life pf Jo^i
William Walshe, F. 8i A." As that would
imply, the book Is ff; character! study.
The other volume is Lady Gregory's
"Collection of Traditional Irish r Sfories,"
translated from the Celtic," for which W.
B. Yeats writes an appreciative preface
and useful notes.
Although next Christmas is still fa*
away, the firms .which make a specialty
of boys' books are already arranging for
them.
Thus Messrs. Chambers will publish
stories by George Manville Fenn, L. T.
Meade and other popular writers. From
what one bookseller, who makes a' spe
cialty of books for boys, says, the English
boy demands vivacity, .adventure. - inci
dent, humor and character. . Boys like to
read of real living boys just like'them
selves. The plot of the book is less im
portant than such a living picture..
Stuffed prunes with apricots. Townsend's.*
Cai. glace fruit 60c per lb at Townsend's.*
Townsend's California glace fruit, 50c a
pound, in fire-etched boxes or Jap. bas
kets. A- nice present for Eastern friends.
C39 Markefst.. Palace Hotel building. •
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Burean. (Allen's), 230 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Ice one and one-half inches, thick will
support a man; eighteen inches, thick a
railway train. - .
The recent controversy has resulted in
an v increased demand for the works of I
-Works in connection with the drama or
on dramatic subjects J continue much in
evidence. "Ulysses" maintained its hold
on the public. In view of the dramatic
representation of "Ben Hur," several new
editions of the no^el appeared and were
eagerly snapped up. .Already since the
piece was produced the booksellers are be
ing almost besieged by inquiries - for the
book, which, now that the success of the
drama at Drury Lane is assured, every
body Will want to see. It looks as If it
would have a greater sale than any other
book of the sort has had in this coun
try.
¦ Then "Ellen Terry and Her Sisters," by
T. E. Pemberton, and "Life on the Stage,"
by Clara Morris, have' had great sales.
been "Scarlet and Hyssop," by E. F. Ben
son,' while among others which have had
marked success has been . Horrocks Pur
ser's "The Dark of the Moon." Two other
books which have figured prominently
among the sales of the month and created
great amusement have been "Clara in
Blunderland," by Caroline Lewis, and
"Froissart's Modern Chronicle."
.There indeed has been , a. . large amount
of fiction issued, with pretty good results
on the whole. As many of the books have
been written by competent authors, a
large percentage have been successful,
thus making it rather difficult to particu
larize just at present, . but undoubtedly
the best selling novel of the month has
v Publishers' reports for the last month
turned out rather better than was antici
pated. During the ear:y part of March
there was an increased demand, especiaj
ly for fiction. That demand was well sus
tained, until now there seems a tendency
to "slackness," which, however, is consid
ered but temporary. .-, ; ; , .;. •
Humor of Mark Twain
CHINA'S CONSUL
AT HONOLULU
IS IN TROUBLE
LOS ANGELES, , April 13.— E. Percival
Baker, who claimed to be a magazine
writer, is dead, and his wife, Natalie Ba
ker, is at death's door as a result of an
attempt at double suicide. It is supposed
that the couple took chloroform last
night. When discovered this morning
Baker was dead and his wife was still
alive, though her recovery is doubtful.
Baker won notoriety recently by secur
ing a photograph of the foot of a Chme3e
woman In Los Angeles,- Impersonating an
officer in order to/accomplish his object.
For representing himself as " a Govern
ment official he was arrested and prose
cution was begun in the Federal Court.
The case is still pending, due to Baker's
repeated motions for postponement be
cause of alleged illness. - .
No reason for the suicide is known. It
is known, however, that Baker was great
ly worried as to the result of his trial,
and it is thought that this may have been
one reason for. his determination to end
his life.
Sunday afternoon the pair appeared at
the St. Lawrence lodging-house and
asked to be shown a room. After lo.ok
ing at an apartment they j expressed
themselves satisfied and engaged j the
quarters. At first they declined to sign
the register, but, pressed to do so, fin
ally gave the name of Mr. and Mrs."
Stanley.
Last evening Baker and his wife were
heard to threaten to. take, their lives;
They sent out for prescriptions, or what
were thought to be prescriptions at the
time. It is now thought that the fatal
drugs were obtained at thl3 time. During
the night j-oomers heard more or less
noise in the apartment occupied by the
Bakers, but thought nothing of the mat
ter until this mornidg, when Investiga
tion disclosed the husband dead and the
wife apparently dying at his side.
/ - — ~- .-, : ¦ ..
GOSSIP FROM
LONDON WORLD
OF LETTERS
Bishop Nichols of California, who is>
here straightening out the affairs of the
Anglican church now that it has become
an American church, has decided to make
St. Clement's Church a separate parish,
with the Rev. John Usborrie, who has
been rector of Honolulu, though of late
years not recognized by Bishop Willis, as
rector of St. Clement's.
, J. G. Pratt, appointed by the Honolulu
Chamber of Commerce and .the Mer
chants' Association to represent both as
sociations in Washington in efforts to se
cure a cable and get Federal assistance
in the.payment of claims for losses in the
Chinatown plague fire,'- leaves to-day on
the Alameda for Washington.
An election is in progress here to-day
to fill the vacancy in the Legislature
caused by the death of Representative A.
F. Gilflllan. Up to the hour of the de
parture of the Alameda there was little
excitement, though Home Rule and Re
publican workers worked hard, and a
small vote. was being polled.
,. The transport Sheridan arrived here
this morning from San Francisco with a
case of smallpox on board. The case de
veloped when the vessel was two days
out from San Francisco. The patient is a
recruit, who was removed to the quaran
tine station here. The transport is kept
in quarantine in the harbor.
It Is charged against the Consul that he
proceeded to send the names of leaders
in the society here to the imperial au
thorities in China, singling them out for
punishment through their relatives. In at
least one case a Honolulu i Chinaman's
mother is declared to have been impris
oned and tortured to death on account of
this action by the. Consul here. Yang is
also 'alleged to have used his position
here to . extort money from those of his
countrymen.' here who needed ' residence
certificates and other like. documents.
HONOLULU, April 9.-Secretary Cooper
is investigating - charges preferred at
Washington against Yang Wei Pin, the
Chinese Consul here. : The charges wens
sent forward last February by persons,
opposed to Yang, and It is stated that
Cooper was asked to make an investiga
tion and report at once.
One of the principal counts against the
Consul has to do with his actions at the
time of the organization here of the Bow
Wong, or reform society of Chinese. At
that time Yang. Wei Pin _ took a. strong
stand for the Empress Dowager and vig
orously fought against the new organiza
tion. He succeeded in preventing the
Bow Wongs from getting a charter to in
corporate under the laws of Hawaii, rep
resenting to Governor Dole's Cabinet that
the society was revolutionary and prac
ticed highbinder methods. The organiza
tion without a charter, however, under
the leadership of Leung Chi-tso, one of
the Emperor's former reform adviser3,
was accomplished and most of the Chi
nese here enrolled. • : ; '
The insurrection in Honan is due to the
disaffection arising from the burden of
the 'indemnity in consequence of the late
Boxer outbreak. The Governor of the
province is stated to be in' sympathy with
the rebels. / -
Another insurrection has broken out at
Honan, in the north. The rebels charged
and burned. the church at Pih-Yang. Fif
teen converts were -thrown in the flames
and ; burned; to death. Five others were
murdered ( and . an Italian- priest was
hacked to death with knives. Two other
priests escaped. ' . ; •
The rebels have robbed in a wholesale
manner along their line of march, despoil
ing the people,- rich and poor, of money,
cattle, everything that 'could be carried
away. They have killed a number of (
¦villagers, slaughtering old and young, and
killing the mandarins in the several, towns
which : endeavored to resist them. •
The first discharge of the Government
batteries caused a heavy loss of life, but
the;rebels were not disheartened by their
heavy loss,' for they charged the batteries
and captured and destroyed the field guns
of the. Government forces. The imperial
troops fled,' leaving eighty dead after' five
hours of hard fighting at close quarters.
There was a sanguinary battle between
the rebels and -the Government forces un
der General Ma Yuh Kwan on March 18,
and although the imperial officer renorts
thaf his forces killed' about a thousand
of the rebels with the • loss j of eighty, of
his own men, the rebels continued td.ad
vance. The battle took place in a valley
and the '. imperial troops surprised . the
rebels, who. advanced right up to the
masked batteries of the Government
forces, which opened ; fire upon them, at
close quarters ' as they marched in solid
formation, carrying their banners, the
majority of which bore the words: '.'Rob
the rich— succor the: poor.' x '
A dispatch to th'e Tokio Asalii.. from
Peking, says that the Chinese Govern
ment.has been asked by- the Governor of
Kwangsi to relieve him. from office,- he ac
knowledging that he was responsible for
the outbreak of the rebellion" .The Canton
correspondent of the Osaka Mainch says:
VICTORIA, B. C., April 15.-A -budget
of news bearing oh the serious outbreak
of rebels in South China was received by
the steamer Riojuri Maru from Yokohama
and .China ports. .The, Japan Times says
the disturbance; in Kwangsl resembles the
Boxer outbreak of two years ago. and the
Tokio paper \ alleges, that the trouble is
being fomented by. the French in order
that a pretext may be foTlnd for' putting
in practice the , jtjint announcement made
in the recent treaty of Russia and France.
CANNON FAIL
TO STAY REBELS
IN SOUTH CHINA
Colonists who go to take homesteads and men
who have only brains and muscle will save them
selves much, trouble by clipping Mr. ¦ Carpenter's
conclusions and keeping them for future reference.
Let it be remembered, too, that the Southern life of
luxury before the war can be renewed only by re
newing the conditions which produced, if— a depen
dent and servile labor system. , .
"Indeed, it seems to me that our new possessions
offer a most attractive field for such men. The
Philippines are an empire of undeveloped resources,
which as soon as matters become quiet will go for
ward on the seven-league boots of modern
progress. In the future every island will be spotted
with the homes of rich and well-to-do Americans,
and I venture that the society there will be equal
to that of any part, of the United States. The Ameri
can population will be rich, it will have good schools
at home and will also educate its children abroad.
It will, in short, be somewhat like the best society
of the South in the days before the war."
"There is plenty of room for syndicate invest
ments. Corporations and individuals with large cap
ital can easily place money where it will pay a big
interest on long-time investments. Young men who
have some money and business brains can find
plenty of chances to make fortunes, but' they must
go out and look over the ground for themselves and
expect to make the Philippines their home for eight
or ten years at least. .
"The same is so with retail merchants. .- The;trade
is almost altogether in the hands of Chinese, who
can live more cheaply and sell closer than we can.
There are limited openings for American lawyers,
doctors and dentists, and, in fact, for almost any of
our professional men who will go to the islands ex
pecting to stay there and grow up with the country.
One of the most copious promoters of our Phil
ippine policy is Mr. Frank G. Carpenter, who has
supplied the American press with more matter on
the subject than any other writer. His last article
on that subject fills several, columns with a brightly
colored picture of the islands, raising anew the
glamour of the tropics that has been upon the minds
of men whenever they look toward the equator.
But he concludes the picture with this: "There is
one thing, however, that should be remembered by
all who think of going to the Philippines. The
country is no, place. for those who have oniy brains
and muscle to offer. The Filipinos make .excellent
bookkeepers and clerks, and they, will work for half
the wages of an American.- Ordinary labor is poorly
paid, and between v the? Chinese and Filipinos there
are few chances for Americans who work only, with
their hands. -¦ :
The natives are expert mechanics. ? They* supply
all the manual trades, and as they work cheaply ?no
room is left there for our handicraftsmen, except to
a limited extent, perhaps; as foremen and superin
tendents. The decision of the War Department to
limit military service there to two years is ,, founded
on the experience of Spain, which found that twenty
four months brought her, troops up to the climatic
deadline and they had to cross it or be rescued and
sent home. We take better care of our soldiers
and preserve them from the acute diseases to which
the climate subjected the Spaniards. But no care
can guard against the nerve-slacking effect of the
climate. Under it men suffer first lassitude, loss of
energy and then collapse.
It is to be hoped that these plans will; be f/aba'n*
doned. That class of our fellow^ citizens are of Very
moderate means. The climate 'is unfriendly : .V. and
their dreams may end in serious disaster, 'or "at "the
best in serious disappointment. The- islands hayeV, a
more dense population than any of our States.;/' The
church lands which we are to buy. and .then ' give
away are already occupied by the natives,;. who have
lived on them for generations as the tenants of the
church. Not an acre can be occupied by an Ameri
can without eviction of-the native -tenant .and "his
family. No matter about the strict legal rights of
the case, the natives will not be reconciled to evic
tion, and the process will simply deepen in »the'm'-;'the'
hatred they now feel for us as their master. .' With
the climate as their ally, by even' suchV passive: re
sistance as all. Orientals practice, they>cajn' make '.the
country intolerable to' the strangers who; drive them
from the soil. .".',- •' ! J - V
The very earnest supporters of our permanent
ownership of the islands, are performing a very im
portant duty by disclosing the situation there for the
enlightenment of our people, who have heretofore
proceeded on assumed facts which do not exist. The
Government is considering the purchase of land be
longing to the friars for a sum variously estimated
at from seven to seventeen millions, to be appro
priated by Congress. It is proposed that the land
so acquired shall be thrown open to free homestead
entry. This proposition lias stimulated the activity
cf agents and promoters in the direction' of; colony
organization, to transfer Americans of -''the home
steading class to the occupancy of those lands.., ?\ :
OUR. Philippine affairs have reached a stage ot
disclosure of economic facts of great • im
portance.
THE PHILIPPINE FUTURE.
. goods of home production any more than for home
grown, grain, v ¦ ¦'' .) _ ¦ ., 1
It is : announced f that 'the Liberal leaders in the
Commons : hailed the announcement of the grain
tax with; pleasure/ because it gives them an issue on
which they can unite. Sir Vernon : Harcpurt was
prompt to take it up and he applied it ingeniously
by combining it with the war issue. "A tax upon the
people's. . food," he, said, . "will; bring home to them
the lessons of the war." . He went onto say that the;
passion for empire involved ruinous expenditures,
which would^have to.be defrayed by the British; tax?j
meet with
overwhelming: opposition _ from the* country:
>Harcourt's}argument-is 'V _;" strong one, but it is
;d pubtfuKwhetn'er;,'the. bread I^tax will benefit the Lib
eral party; so' 'much as .he, thinks. The British people,
!. n iac X' 3re ; by f nb'means-;so sure: of the^gospel truth
of free trade.^ogrnas" : as' they: were Vfew year's ago.
THey hav'e;been having :a disastrous' experience wliUe
protected industries like. '.those of the : United States
and' Germany -;_ have inva'ded; the' .British - markets.;
: "; an\, early peace in • the
Transvaal' /be", realized and" .the'.: Conservatives have' a
chance -to. go ,to the/country ; 6n' the single issue of
protection 'against free trade;:, it; is "by no means cer
tain thatVthey. would- -be 'defeated, even -in. most of
the manufacturing districts/'while'.they would be well
nigh certain of sweeping victdriesVfn the counties. '
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL), WEDNESDAY^ 7APRIL 16, 1902
6
BOTH HUSBAND
AND WIFE SEEK
TO END LIFE
A .friend wrote to Mark Twain asking
his opinion on "a certain matter, and re
ceived no reply. He waited a few days
and wrote again. His second letter was
also ignored. Then he sent a third note..
inclosing- a sheet of paper and 2-cent
stamp. : — -~ '¦
By return post he received a postcard,
on which was the following::
, "Paper and stamp received. Please send
envelope." :'. ;.v
FOR SALE BY
TH0M AS M AGEE & SONS,
; REAL ESTATE AGENTS, -
5 yVVoritgorriei-y Street.
BROADWAY STREETV
$8650^" SOLD. -co
. S14»150 . x . ¦— * ?» '•..-
m ¦ M TT . ' M\ ¦ —t. ' .
— -— —^_ ___45:10 45:10 I 45-in >: l-
' ¦ "'.•¦¦ . .. ¦ 11 a ¦ ' .^_1__^_ M J -- '
PACIFIC AVENUE.
California — The Sons of Ham.
Tivoli — "The Fortune TeUer."
Central — "Dangers of a Great City."
Alcazar — "Why 'Smith Left Home."
Columbia — "The Professor'! Love Story."*
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
Grand Opera-house — "Fedora."
Fischer"* Theater — "Fiddle Dee Dee."
file t ropol It a n Hall — Piano Recitai.
Oakland Racetrack — Races to-day.
jLJflTTJSKTiTKNTS.PHILADELPHIA, April 15.— Ralph D. Clark, I
Joseph . White * (colored) and William Beacon :
were run down and Instantly killed by a Royal-
Blue Line train on the Philadelphia and Read
ins Railway to-day at Langhorne, near this
city. . . . . I
Chief ! Census ¦ Marshal Bausmann .put
fifty ' deputies . in the field yesterday to
take the census of children of school age.
Bausmann expects to find 80,000 of such
children In the city. As the State pays to
the city a handsome sum for each child
returned It\behooves all citizens to aid
the deputies in their work.
Census Marshals Begin Work.
Amalgamated Workers Meet.
.WHEELING, W.Va., April 15.— The
twenty-seventh annual Convention of the
Amalgamated Association of Iron, Steel
and Tin Workers opened here to-day. The
city's welcome to the 250 ' delegates . was
voiced by Mayor- Sweeney, and the re
sponses were by President Shaffer and
other officials. The convention went Into
executive session and a committee on
credentials was appointed to which was
referred " the many r cases of contested
seats.- These contests are nearly all based
on failure to pay. strike assessments lev
led by the national officers. . ' : -*,
The wage committee con tlnuel\its ses
sions daily.
The committee resolved to meet again
on Wednesday, April 23, at 3 p. m., at
the Mark Hopkins Institute of Art,- for
the purpose of deliberating upon the
models and designs submitted. , - /
The committee further resolved .that
the subscribers to the fund and the gen
eral public should be invited to inspect
the models and designs at the institute
next Friday between the hours of 9 a.m.
and 5 p. m. . : .
The sub-committee on the McKinley
memorial held a meeting at the Hopkins
Art Institute for the purpose of inspect
ing models and/ designs. Irving. M. Scott
presided. Among those present were S.
G. Murphy, A. A. Watkins, William Greer
Harrison and Henry U. Brandenstein.
Besides the models specifications and
plans were submitted byF. Happersber
ger, M. P. Neilsen, A. Le Jeune, Doug
las Tilden, Rupert Schmld, Felix Peano
and Coxhead and.Coxhead. c
McKinley.
propriate Reminder of President
Artists Send in Designs for an Ap-
MEMORIAL COMMITTEE
INSPECT MANY MODELS
Workman Is Injured by a Fall.
John Flllmore, a workman on the corner
of Twenty-fourth and Douglas streets,
sustained serious injuries yesterday by
falling from a scaffold In a building in
course of erection at the corner of Geary
and Market streets. In addition to being
badly bruised about the head and f ace-
Fillmore received internal injuries which
may prove fatal.
v Darby Laydon and a representative of
the Atlantic, Gulf and Pacific Company
paid Into the United States District Court
yesterday $350, being the fines imposed
upon them by the court for violating the
Federal statute prohibiting more than
eight hours' labor a day on Government
work. Theviolatlon of law took place on
the tidal canal In Alameda and the dry
dock at Vallejo.
Federal Eight-Hour Law Fines.
Palma will remain in New York until
to-morrow, when he starts % south for
Cuba. He will land at Gibara and will
g-o from there -to Bayamo. It was at
Bayamo twenty-five years ago that his
mother, driven into the jungle by Spanish
soldiers, died of exposure, and- his first
duty: in Cuba will be to seek out her ne
glected grave. From Bayamo "he will go
to Manzanillo, then to Santiago and last
to Havana, which .he plans to reach on
May 9, the day before the Cuban Congress
convenes. *
A large crowd gathered at his old homo
early and escorted him to the station/
where another large crowd had assem
bled. The local volunteer firemen and
school children, headed by . the . village
band, paraded and nearly every one car
ried either an American or a Cuban flag.
Farewell addresses in behalf of the citi
zens were made by the Rev. F. C. Hard
ing and Irving Washburn and Palma
-made a -brief' response. He said that he
left Central Valley with' regret, for It had
been a haven to him when he was driven
from his own country. The people had
always treated him with great kindness,
he added, and he would always remem
ber it with feelings of deep gratefulness.
President Underwood of the Erie Rail
road gave President-elect Palma. the use
of his private car for the trip to New
York. It was decorated with Cuban flags,
bunting and ferns. Palma appeared on
the ¦ rear platform as the train left the
depot and there was a final cheer, louder
than all the rest. At Arden the children
of the village school gathered to greet the
Cuban leader, and although the train did
not stop, there was a friendly demon
stration. It was 10:40 when> the train
reached New York. '- • . • ¦ — • •
NEW YORK. April 15.— Tomas Estrada
Palma, , President-elect of Cuba, took
leave to-day of his friends of Central Val
ley, N. Y., among whom, he has lived dar
ing eighteen years of exile from his coun
try.
Mrs. Rodgers testified yesterday that
her husband frequently struck her, and
that he worried her greatly by calling her
such names as "miser" and "tight."
The application of Robert Hancock for
a modification of the decree of divorce
granted Ella Wood Hancock recently was
denied by Judge Seawell. Hancock claimed
that the injunction restraining him from
disposing of his property worked a hard
ship upon him, but Judge Seawell did not
agree with him.
Divorces were granted yesterday to Eva
M. Johnson from Andrew A. Johnson, for
decertion; Jennie Orem from Edwin-* H.
Orem, for desertion; Marie Johano from
Theo Johano, for cruelty; Margaret Du
san from Dennis, Dugan, for desertion;
Ella O. Wledera from Henry Wieders, for
desertion. ' • . . _ „,
Jean Batiste Lafobregue is suing Bmille
Lafobregue for divorce on the ground of
desertion. They were married in January,
1896.
Mrs. Sara Rodger3, formerly Mrs.
"Ducksy." Rosenbaum, was granted a di
vorce from Harry Rodgers by Judge Heb
bard yesterday. The decree was granted
by default, as Rodgers did not put In an
appearance to make a denial of his wife's
charges of cruelty. Thus ends a marriage
which when it was contracted but six
months ago attracted widespread' atten
tion. .
of Cruelty Preferred by
His Wife.
Fails to Make a Denial of the Charge
President- Elect of the
'¦' .Republic on Way
to Havana.
BODGERS ALLOWS DIVORCE
' SUIT TO GO BY DEFAULT
Barry; Indian club swinging. Miss Kitty
L. Wood; soprano solo, Dudley Buck's
"Fear Ye Not, O Israel," Mrs. M. Mc-
Glade. The members of the association
discussed at length their plans for tak
ing an active part In the Golden Jublleo
celebration of the school, to be held next
month, and expressed their willingness
to lend all possible assistance toward
making the celebration a most fitting one.
PALMA STARTS
FOR FREE CUBA
At a meeting of the Police Commis
sioners held last evening several drug
gists appeared to inquire what action the
board Intended to take in the matter of
the sale of liquor on their premises. The
Inquiry was brought by the proprietors
of Lengfeld's Pharmacy, who applied for
a saloon license. " The Commissioners
etated that they were opposed to the
proposition of granting saloon licenses to
druggists, but at the same time they
proposed to see that the lawT^gnlating:
the sale of liquors in small quantities
phould bo observed. By mutual consent
representatives of the Druggists' Asso
ciation and the Commissioners will meet
next Monday afternoon and discuss the
matter. . J
The citation against the Baldwin An
nex was dismissed, it having' been shown
that the proprietors had acted in good
faith with the police. Thirteen Chinese,
who sold liquor to white men, were de
prived of their licenses. Lieutenant F.
Esola was granted a le^ve of absence
from April 16 to June 1, without pay, and
the matter of raising. Oflicer Harry Hook
to the rank of sergeant was put over
one week. ;•• ' ~.'\ : ,-¦
Druggists' Liquor Licenses.
Chinese Detained at Mail
"Dock Are Awed by :
Fire Hoses.
__ „ y
Greatly to the surprise and satisfaction
of the officials at the Mail dock, the
guests of the Hotel Oriental, commonly
called the detention shed, at the Mall
dock, behaved admirably yesterday. The
Chinese who are being confined. there un
til the Collector of Customs and the Chi
nese Bureau investigate their right to
either land in this country or to pass
through on their way to Mexico, got wind
of the. fact that the Toyo Klsen Kaisha's
Hongkong Maru was to sail for the
Orient. They were ready to make a va
liant stand rather than be sent back to
the land of the dragon, 'but two things
dissuaded them from making any out
break. , . .
Captain Anderson, whd Is In charge or
the Mall dock, prepared for emergencies.
He had half a dozen hoses fastened to as
many hydrants and at a given signal a'
hydraulic brigade, composed of employes
and customs inspectors, were to train
streams of water on the belligerent Mon
golians. Then friends notified the im
prisoned Chinamen that R. P. Schwerin
of the Pacific Mail Steamship Company,
who is in Washington, telegraphed out
that the Supreme Court of the United
States would shortly hand down a decision
in the matter of the appeals from Cus
toms Collector Stratton's denial of their
petition to pass through this country in
transit to Mexico.
Rather than receive a ducking for their
pains, the Chinese decided to postpone
hostilities until the 23d inst., when an
other steamer sails for China. Captain
Anderson proposes being on his guard and
will have his hydraulic brigade in readi
ness to repel attacks. He thinks he has
solved the problem of preventing out
breaks similar to that which occurred a
month ago and tells the detained
Chinamen that they must not shy rice
bowls and other articles of tableware at
officers who are directed to deport them.
As there are ninety-six in the hotel, there
will be a warm time there if the Supreme
Court decides they are unlawfully in this
! country.
Collector Stratton received a dispatch
yesterday from Assistant Secretary of the
Treasury Taylor, instructing him to serve
a notice on the steamship company re
quiring that corporation to deport the
ninety-eigrht "in transit" Chinese imme
j diately.' The steamship company in re-^
ply notified the Collector that tho deten
tion shed was constructively the deck of
the ship and that, it would be responsible
should any. of the coolies escape. /
The regular quarterly meeting of St.
Vincent's School Alumnae Association
was held last Sunday afternoon at the
school. The meeting opened with an en
tertaining programme, which consisted of
the following numbers: Piano solo, Liszt's
"Rigoletto," Miss Kate Rattigan; paper
"The Model 'Woman," . Sllss Winifred
Gaffney; humorous reading, Mrs. W. H
St. Vincent's Alumnae Meets.
Important testimony by lock experts
concerning the combination on the door
of the cashier's vault in the United State3
aiint at the time of the recent robbery
was given yesterday in the trial of Wal
ter N. Dimmick in the United States Dis
trict Court. It was proved that the lock
had been tampered with and could have
been opened at any hour, regardless of
the time attachment that was a part of
it. That Dimmick could have learned the
combination while Cashier Cole was ad
justing it was also testified to, and that
he did know it was intimated in the tes
timony.
Several witnesses were placed on the
stand to relate stories of Dlmmick's mid
night jvisits to the Mint. Two watchmen
said that the accused, some time about
the middle of March, 1901, was ,seen to
pass from his office shortly before 12
o'clock at night and take a Mission street
car in the direction of the ferry. Dim
mick carried a dress suit case, which, ac
cording to the testimony of one of the
clerks, he had brought to the Mint early
In the morning. On another occasion, and
about two months later than the I event
just related, Dimmick was seen to pass
from his office into the receiving-room of
the Mint, where he remained probably
five minutes. The receiving-room opens
into the cashier's room,* from which the
$30,000 in gold is alleged to have been
stolen. The witness to this last transac
tion says it occurred just previous to the
midnight hour.
Incriminating Statements.
There was other testimony as to incrim
inating statements made by the defend
ant previous to and after the theft had i
been discovered. The witnesses who gave
testimony on this subject were submitted
to rigid cross-examinations by Attorney
Collins for the defense, but remained -firm
as to their statements.
Charles Waltz, a lock expert, of 109
Market street took the stand for cross
examination when court convened. He
showed to the jury how the "dog" of the
time lock on the cashier's vault had been
fileu down, rendering it useless. He also
explained the workings of time locks, and ,
said that such appliances with defective
"dogs" could be opened at any time with
out regard to the hour at which they had
been set. Attorney Collins for the defense
attempted to show that the lock was inv
perfect order before Waltz had put on the |
proper "dog." but he failed. j
Waltz described the lock as being gen- ,
erally tampered with. He said that the j
bolts, wires and screws were all loose, j
Collins wanted to know if, had certain |
defects not existed, the lock would have
been all right. Witness replied that he
judged the lock by all defects as he found
them. Finally Judge de Haven put a stop
to further waste of time on the subject.
Witness then explained the setting of
the combinations and the manner of
changing them. He told of the ability of
a person standing at the back of the
door to ascertain the combination while
another person standing in front turned
the spindle to the correct numbers. Col
lins stood in front of the "dummy" door,
turning the knob, while Waltz called off
the numbers from the back. Collins
turned fast, obliging the witness to call a
halt o»' speed several times. Judge de
Haven finally insisted that Collins treat
the witness fairly. This testimony was
introdu«ed for the purpose of showing
that Dimmick, when he stood at the back
of the vault door with Cole in front, could
have easily learned what the combination
wae.
Waltz resumed the stanA after the noon
recess, and the prosecutiln explained to
the court that during thfi recess Collins
and Dimmick had worked on the lock.
This was introduced to show that Dim
mick understood its workings perfectly.
John P. Bergin, vault expert for the
United States Treasury Department, was
the next witness. He has been acquaint-
ed with the profession of testing locks
since 1S79, and came to San Francisco in
July, 1901, at the request of the Govern
ment.
Conversations With Dimmick.
Bergin said that It was possible for a
tnan to ascertain a combination by vlew
ng its mechanism from the rear. He
thought that a person endowed with an
iverage amount of intelligence could
name at least six or eight combinations
lo the hour. Bergin then told of the dis
covery of the mutilated "dog" and bolt
and of experiments made, which proved
that the time attachment had been ren
aered practically worthless.
Benjamin W. Day, who succeeded Dim
mick as chief clerk, told of conversations
he had had with the defendant at various
times. "On June 28," said the witness,
"I was standing with Dimmick while Mr.
Leach was trying to open the vault. I
observed that Dimmick took a memoran
dum from his pocket and consulted it. I
asked him if he did not know the com
bination and he replied that he did not.
When Dimmick informed me of the dis
covery of the theft ne remarked: 'This Is
one of the most mysterious affairs that
ever happened. Thirty thousand dollars
has been stolen between the door of this
the cashier's vault and the vault down
stairs.' "XI ~
"During March or April," continued the
witness, "Dimmick remarked to me that
lie expected some day to find the cash
ier's vault in such a condition that it
would create a sensation. This remark
?ave me no surprise at the time, but I
consider it singular, owing to the fact
that there was not the slightest suspicion
Df possible loss at that time."
W. P. Hundley, assistant weighing
clerk, testified that on June 28 he askea
Dimmick to open the vault and that the
latter replied -that he would- not touch it
for $250,000. Cashier Cole was ill at the
time and Hundley and other employes
were waiting to receive their month's sal
ary. W. P. Cole was .recalled by the
prosecution for the purpose of testifying
as to the adjusting of the combination in
September, 1900. Collins brought under
discussion another lock, on the vault.
The prosecution objected to -this as the
upper lock in the vault had been the only
one in use. The defense contended that
the testimony was material, but Judge de
Haven sustained the objection, saying:
"1 think such testimony Is irrelevant
and will rule it out."
"We think It is relevant," said Collins,
"and we take an exception to the remark
of the court."
That Dress Suit Case.
Thomas N. Brickford, night watchman
at the Mint, testified that about the mid
dle of March. 1901, he saw Dimmick leav
ing the building, shortly before, the mid
night hour, a dress suit case in one hand
and an overcoat over his arm. Brickford
remarked that Dimmick had been work
ing rather late and Dimmick replied
something about having to check up his
accounts. The conversation was of but a
moment's duration, after which Dimmick
walked to the corner of Mission and Fifth
streets and took a car in the direction of
the ferry. Collins cross-examined Brick
ford on the possibility of the dress suit
case being a bundle of ledgers.
E. R. Sims, a clerk in Dimnfick's office,
said that one morning:, about the middle
of March, he observed Dimmick bring a
dress suit case into the office and set it
down op 'he floor. Sims was followed by
Thomas E. Healy. an inside watchman,
who, abcit the same time, saw Dimmick
pass frori: his office as the midnight hour
approached, with the dress suit case in
his hand, and go into the street.
Healy said that about two months later
and at the same hour of the night, Dim
mick opened the door of the chief
clerk's office and paused on the . thres
hold. There were three other watchmen
present and Dimmick addressed them,
saying: "It is not often I get a chance
to see you boys at this hour of the night."
Dimmick .then crossed the hall to the door
of the receiver's room and remained In
the latter room about five minutes.
"There is a door." explained the wit
ness, "leading from the receiver's room
Into the cashier's room.". "•-
After Healy had finished hla testimony
court was adjourned until this mornine.
Mrs. James Bishop received a number
Mrs. M. B. Buford and Miss Rutherford
arrived on Monday from the, Orient. '-¦-¦
• • • • . ' . . ¦ \
of friends informally on Monday,
• « ' •
The engagement of Miss Meta Pago to
Mr. Hellman has been announced.
DAUGHTER OF A RETIRED OFFICER OF THE UNITED STATES ARMY
WHO BECAME THE BRIDE OF A PROMINENT BUSINESS MAN
OF BENICIA YESTERDAY.
Captain Hackett denied receiving any
money from McCarty. The case was con
tinued until May 8. -.:¦-. — •
McCarty testified yesterday that the
money was borrowed for him by Captain
Hackett,- a well known horseman. Mc-
Carty also said that up to July. 1901, he
had paid over $600 on the note, and that:
a short time after that he sold some
horses and gave Hackett the balance due
on the note to pay to Mrs. Norton.
ance to Captain Hackett for
Mrs. Norton.
The trial of the suit against "White
Hat" McCarty, a horseman, for a bal
ance of $551 35 alleged to be due on a
promissory note executed by him. in No
vember, 1900, was commenced in Judge
Graham's court yesterday. The suit was
brought by Mrs. Emma S. Norton, who
loaned McCarty $1000, taking as security
a chattel mortgage on fifteen of Mc-
Carty's horses. ~
Horseman Claims That He Gave Bal-
Mccarty says that
HE PAID THIS NOTE
The Grand Jury has decided to institute
a rigorous ¦ crusade against perjurers in
criminal cases. The whole session yes
terday afternoon was devoted to the in
vestigation of the testimony, given at the
Galvin trial. The Clark woman was sum
moned and she told the jury about the
commission of the brutal crime. Like
Galvin she also has been spending her
time ' in jail waiting for the court to
pass sentence upon her. In connection
with the case the Grand Jury also exam,
ined District Attorney Byington and his
assistant. Porter Ashe, Mrs. Foote and
the hackman who drove Anita Clark, Gal
vin and their victim to the Elysium-
Fred" Hansted, better known as "Youns
Dutchy," who was arrested on suspicion
of having been connected with the assault
on Thomas Garrett, was in attendance In
the ante-chamber of th"e Grand Jury
awaiting the pleasure of that body.
Thomas Galvin, who with Anita Clark
beat and robbed Mrs. Ellen J. Foote last
December, and who is now confined In
Jail awaiting sentence for grand larceny,
is to be indicted on the more serious
charge of perjury. Such was the decision
reached yesterday by the Grand Jury. It
will be charged in the indictment that
Galvin gave false testimony while at
tempting to prove an alibi on the robtfery
charge. An indictment will also be
brought against Joseph. T. Finn, who as
sisted Galvin in his efforts to prove that
he was not in the vicinity of the Elysium
when Mrs. Foote was maltreated and
robbed.
Pastorale. Capriecio (Scarlatti) : Sonate. Op.
SI. No. 3 (Beethoven): March Funebre (Chopin) ;
Etude, Op. 25, No. 3 (Chppin): Mazurka. Op.
S3. No. 2 (Chopin): Ballade, Op. 23 (Chopin);
Nocturne : Rlgraudon. Op. 204, No.
3 (Raff); Gavotte and Musette (d 1 Albert); Sere
nade Espagnole. Op. 26 (Zaremski); Chant
Sans Paroles (Tschaikowskl) ; Rhapsodie Hon
rroise No. 12 (Liszt).
Last night's programme contained ex
amples of many schools. Bach came
first with the C minor Prelude and Fugue,
played with a limpid clarity and baiance
that left nothing to be desired. The som
ber and stormy sonate Op. Ill (Maestoso,
Allegro con brio, and /Arietta con Varl
azioni) of Beethoven followed, its troubled
magnificence given with . symphonic
breadth and subtlest appreciation. Two
Schubert numbers came next, one of them
the famous old warhorse. "Marche Mili
taire," that Mrs. Zeisler plays as no one
else can. Chopin was well represented
by four numbers magnificently handled;
and a sensational feature of the pro
gramme was the Leschetizky arrange
ment of the "Lucia Sestetto," for left
hand alone, a dazzlingly difficult affair,
given with laughable ease. Two Mos
kowskl numbers and a Strauss-Tausig
valse of orchestral scope ended the pro
gramme in a victorious fashion.
Mrs. Zeisler will be heard again this
atfernoon at Metropolitan Temple, and
the following programme is announced:
Mrs. Zeisler's gifts are all of the ex
traordinary order. She has a tremendous
temperament, a colossal technique and a
musical Intelligence that has successfully
grappled with every problem that is pre
sented to the pianist. Certainly Mrs. Zeis
ler is an artist to be beard, one that no
pianist, musician or lover of the art
should miss bearing.
Last night at Metropolitan Temple, to
a house absurdly small but lavishly en
thusiastic, the first recital of Fannie
Bloomfleld Zeisler was given. Mrs. Zeis
ler's work is well known here and flatter
ingly remembered, but it is an even
greater artist that returns to us this time
than was heard here some five or six
years ago. It would exhaust the superla
tives to attempt to set down her number
less perfections, her superb polyphonic
grasp, loveliness of touch and tone color
and marvelous dynamic control from the
most heroic fortissimo to the merest,
finest elfin. thread of a sound possible to
conceive.
Hearers Are Few, but Their
Enthusiasm Knows No
Bounds.
Decides to Start Rigorous
Crusade Against All
Perjurers.
Midnight Visit to the Mint
Is Told Of by Two '
Watchmen.
Dimmick Trial Occupies
Time of the District
Court.
Grand Jury Will Indict
the Man Who Robbed
;^Mrs. Foojie.
Mrs. Fannio Bloomfield
Zeisler Gives a
Recital.
COOLIES FAIL
TO BREAK OUT
• ¦. r • *¦¦;•
Miss Jennie Blair is spending a few days
at Napa,
An Informal tea will be given by the
patronesses of the California Eye and Ear
Hospital at the Sorosis Club rooms to
morrow afternoon. No admission charge
will be made, but a cordial invitation is
extended to all. The tea promises to be a
delightful affair. An excellent musical
programme will be offered for entertain
ment.
The Social Science Section of the Cali
fornia Club had a most interesting ses
sion yesterday afternoon at its clubrooms
in the Young Men's Christian Association
building.. Mrs. Arthur Cornwall presided.
Lieutenant J. C. Cantwell of the United
States revenue cutter service gave a
bright discourse on "The General Condi
tions in Alaska To-day," with sjpeclal ref
erence to, the social conditions. The clever
officer has spent three years In Alaska,
making an investigation for the Govern
ment and has collected an immense fund
of material and information which is as
instructive as entertaining to an audi
ence. In addition to the lecture vocal se
lections were excellently rendered by Miss
Anna Moore, accompanied by Miss , Gray
and ¦ Miss Lotta Musto, accompanied by
Professor Luchessi. Mrs. 'TUdenbaugh
also addressed the meeting. She is a
prominent club woman of Idaho.
An elaborate luncheon was enjoyed at
the University Club yesterday,. the hostess
being Miss Ethel Hager. The table was
lavishly decorated in pink roses and cov
trs were laid for twelve. .Mrs. John Rog
ers Clark, nee Mullins, was guest of
honor. The others present were: Miss
Grace Spreckels, Miss Leontine Blake
man. Miss Charlotte Ellinwood, Miss
Mary Polhemus, Miss Ethel Cooper, Miss
Fannie Loughborough, Miss Gertrude Van
Wyck, Miss Pearl Landers, Miss Helen
Dean and Miss Sophia Pierce.
* . • • * ' ¦
The Presidio hop, given last evening by
the officers of their club, was a deligntful
affair. These hops are always a decided
success, but this one was particularly well
attended. More than 200 people were pres
ent and the ballroom was orilllant with
pretty women and officers in full military
dress. The decorations were spring blos
soms and flags. The arrangements were
in charge of Lieutenant C. S. Babcock,
Dr. C. C. Collins and Lieutenant R. P.
Brower. Mis. J. B. Rawles and Mrs.
Hobbs received the guests. A dainty sup
per was served and dancing continued
until 12:3^ .
+^ — _ _ — _ — _ — i — i- — *
YESTERDAY was the wedding day
of Miss Jean McGregor and Jacob
Kullman. The marriage was cele
brated in a simple style and took
place at Benicia. Only relatives
and a few intimate friends were pr.^ent.
The bride is a daughter o£ Colonel
Thomas McGregor, Umitx i States army,
retired. The family has lived in this city
and vicinity a great deal and the members
have hosts of friends here. Colonel Mc-
Gregor was with the Tenth Cavalry and
his last assignment was at Benicia, where
his daughter met her fate. The bride is
well bred and highly accomplished. Her
beautiful face and ligure won her many
admirers and her charming disposition
and lovable nature have .been the occa
sion of many congratulations for the
lucky groom. . ¦ -
Mr. • Kullman is the manager of the
largest tannery in the. State, that of Kull
man, Daly & Co. Mr. and Mrs. Kull
man's wedding trip will cover two months
in Southern California. -
Miss Jean McGregor of Benicia and Jacob Kullman
Are United With Simple Ceremony,
THINKS GALVIN
SWORE FALSELY
LOCK EXPERTS
GIVE TESTMONY
HER AUDIENCE
IS ENCHANTED
RETIRED ARMY OFFICER'S DAUGHTER
BECOMES BRIDE OF A BUSINESS MAN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 16, 1902.
7
AJfl. U SJ&flEENTS. __
PACKED AGAIN LAST NIGHT. N J
MELBOURNE MACDOpLL,
Supported by FLORENCE STONE, "1
In Sardou'a Society Drama. J
"FEDORA."
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
POPULAR PRICES 10c. 15c, 25c. 50c. 75o
Good Orchestra Seats All Matinees. 25c.
NEXT ,\VEEK— Farewell week of MEL-
BOURNE MacDOWELL and FLORENCE
STONE in Sardou Repertoire by Special Ro-
quest.
MATINEE TO-DAY. "WEDNESDAY, Aprll-11
Parquet, 25c, any seat; Balcony. 10c; Chil-
dren, 10c; any part except reserved.
NBW SHOW !
Sam, Kittle and Clara Morton; Tho
Fony Ballet; Banks and Winoaa
Winter; Fetching Brothers; Marie
¦Wainwright and Company; Tha
Clipper Quartet; James H. Cull en,
and the Bio'graph, showing Goldea
Gate and Vernal Falls. ;
Eelasco St Thail. Managers.
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY. -
¦ Broadhurst's Greatest Laughing Success.
WHY SMITH
LEFT HOME.
An Avalanch* of Fun. A Laugh in Every
Word. A Scream in Every Line.
PRICES : 15c. 25c. S5c. 80c and 75o
Next Monday — "THE TWO ESCUTCHEONS. "*
This "Week — Matinee Saturday Only.
fs WILLARD
In the Charmins Comedy.
"THE PROFESSOR'S LOVE STORY"
By J. 3. Barrie, author of "The Littls Hiniiter,"
84TTH PERFORMANCE TO-NIGHT.
BEGINNING NEXT MONDAY—
Last Week of Mr. E. S. Willard.
Monday and Friday NIght3 and Sat. Matine*,
"DAVID GARRICK." by T. W. Robertson.
Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday Nights.
"TOM PINCH." by Charles Dickens.
Seats— $2. $1.50. SI. 75c. 50c. 25c.
¦
Evenings at 8 Sharp. - Matinee Saturday at 3
Sharp.
"REALLY HE SHOULDN'T HAVE DONE IT"
FAILED TO CONSULT
THE FORTUNE
¦ tps i rs>
I SLLLLat.
TWO AND ONE-HALF HOURS OF FUN.
POPULAR PRICES...... 25c 60c aad 73o
Tele-phone Bush 0.
TO-NIGHT AND ALL WKKJK.
Farewell Performance Saturday Night.
WILLIAMS & WALKER
And Their Own Company, la •
THE SONS OF HAM;
Next— MONDAY EVENING, APRIL 21.
Mr. James Neill and His Company.
Presenting 1 the Dainty Comedy Drama,
CAPTAIN LETTARBLAIR.
Seats for Monday Night and Remainder of
Week Ready To-morrow. ¦
In Preparation
The Latest Eastern Pronounced Stage Succesa.
"THE STARBUCKS."
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY. "
Elaborate Production of the Latter-Day M«lo-
DANGERS* OF
A GREAT CITY.
Stirring Incidents — Slde-SpIittlng Comedy.
DON'T FAIL TO SEE IT.
pDTf EC Evening 10c. 15c. 25c. 35c. 59a
lAlWCJ Matinee 10c, 15c. 25o
Next Week— "A CHILD OF FORTUNE."
| FISCHER'S THEATER |
O'Farrell. bet. Stockton and Powell sts.
Telephone Main 231.
"SUCH A ~l "ALL THE
WILLINGNESS." I TIME FULL"
"FIDDLE DEE DEE"
THE NEW FEATURES PACKING THE SEC-
OND WEEK.
The "Florodora Sextette" had ten encore*,
and all the good artists received perfect ova-
tions. Matinees Saturday and Sunday. Do you
know the prices? — night toe and 50c; matinees
25c; children at matinees 10c.
FANNIE BLOOMFIELD
ZEISLER,
PIANIST.
3 RECITALS 8. ; \
METROPOLITAN HALL
THIS AFTERNOON AT 3,
TO-MORROW NIGHT AND SATURDAY
AFTERNOON. ,
Reserved Seats — 75c. $1, $1.50, $2. On sale at
Sherman, Cay & Co.'s. Stelnway piano used.
gg^ RACING
!^3g^«E§==2«§S* Every Week Day—
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEYCLUB
OAKLAND RACETRACK. >
Races start 'at 2:15 P. m. sharp.
' Ferry-boat leaves San Francisco at 12 m. and
12:30, 1, l:S0, 2, 2:30 and a p. m., connecttns
with trains stopping at the entrance to tho
track. Last two cars on train reserved for
ladles and their escorts; no smoking. Buy your
terry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains via
OaRland mole connect with Saji Pablo avenua'
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway. OaJt-
land. Also all trains via Alameda mole con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
and Broadway, Oakland. These electric cars
go direct to the track in flrteen minutes.
Returning— Trains leave the track at 4:15
and 4:45 p. m. and immediately after the last
race. ¦ - ¦ ¦ «-¦¦>•
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. PresldeaC
j. CHARLES F. PRICE, Secy, and Mar.
j Sophocles' |
Aptigon^
I To be rendered in the original Greek, a
with Mendelssohn's music, at "fi
ASSEMBLY HALL, |
i STAMFORD UNIVERSITY, g
>¦ Saturday, April 1 9, II A.M, I
Special rates on the railroad. M
Admission Uckets (50c and $1.00) j
I and a translation prepared for this ¦
performance §
Elder and Shepard, J
n 238 Post Street, San Franchco. |
Pfl1j?rP Desirable location,
1 llluWv unsurpassed cuisine,
" unequaled ser-
51 fin " cc anc * modern
UliU conveniences are the
attributes that -have
¦ I VX tlfl made these . two ho-
lilUUU tels popular with
. _ . tourists and travel-
Ha^DiC ers w h° visit .San
llUlCiy Francisco.
¦D 15 TT 011170 FOR-BARBE11S.BAIC-
IJitU Olll-jO «"• fcootblacts, bath-
**'">'. T r "* -N ' houses. blHard tables,
brewers, bookbinder*, candy-makers, canner*.
dyers, flourmllls. foundries, laundries, paper,
hangers. _ printers, painters. - «ho» factories,
stablemen, tar-roofers, tanners. . tailors, etc.
tSLiCHAiNA.-i BROS..
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento St
AA7. T. HESS,
. HOTABT PUBLIC AND ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.
Tenth Floor,' Room 1015, Claus Spreckels Bids.
HilltSI^ : Telephone Main • 883. -
Residence.' 821 California st.. below Powell.
Residence - Telephone. '. James 1501.
Missouri Pacific Limited
The Finest Service to thg '
East via Scenic Route and
Missouri Pacific Railway.
Through Sleepers Daily,
- San Francisco to St. Louis.
Personally conducted excursion* via this
route to Chicaro. New York, Boston aad all
Eastern pelats. For berth reservation and full
information address
L. M. FLBTCHER.
Pacific Coast Acent.
12« California St.. Ban Francisco. Cal.
§tlfci. VIGOR. MTAUTYtor MLN
MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
have been in use over fifty
years by the leaders of th»
Mormon Church and their
Idlotverv. Positively cure the
worst caeez In old and young
arising from effects of self-
abuse, dissipation, excesses or
dparette-smoklng. Cure Lost
Manhood. Impoteacy, '. Lost
Power. Night Losses, Insom-
nia. Pains in Back. Evil Desires. Lame Back,
Nervous Debility. Headache, Unfltness to Mar-
ry. Lots of Semen, m^^ VaricoceleorCon-
rtipation. Stop Ner OlJ vousTwltchlns-of
Eyelids. Effects are 2^.^T— immediate. Im-
part vigor and pote *»««*• ncy to every func-
t'on. Don't get despondent; a cure is at hand.
Restore small, undeveloped organs. Stimulate
the brain and nerve centers; &Oc a box; G for
$2 tiO by mall. A written guarantee to cure or
money refunded with 6 boxes. Circulars free
Address BISHOP REMEDY CO.. 40 Ellis Bt
fian Francisco. Cal. GRANT DRUG CO. S8
end 40 Third st.
m* rign&tnre is on every box of the geirclnfl
, Laxative Bromo-Quioine Tabieu
tb t remedy thai carcn a raM la one day.
N
ADVEBTISEMEKTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
If Whe Sm 1 M? Mr $& l® B >*• H
I DJiHiaunlE^dtAi 1
1 PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO. 1
S 10 THIRD STREETjJAN FRANCISCO. |
I fof GL0RIA I
WeD Dressed Ladies |
Wear Gloria Shoes. Why? I
S Because there is an air of refine- q
znent about them, attained by no H
other make. Because the quality H
of the stock used is the finest that Si
can be bought. Because they ate [J
we I! made by skilled mechanics and M
every pair is guaranteed for wear, u
Because the price, $3.50, is popular. H
Because they erive the foot a rich. Eg
I swell appearance and look as well H
as shoes costing- $5.00 and $6.00. Be- §3
cause they are the best that can H
be bought for the money. We are H
: the sole agents. ri
! NO MATTER WHAT YOU B
H WANT- in the shoe line, come to y
n vs. Shoes for dress, for work or n
II for play — boots in every variety, B
PI outing and athletic goods constant- M
a Iy , on hand. Examine our stock 3
rj when you require any of the fol- 0
f ] lowing kinas : |l
i FISHING WAITERS \ N
M HUNTING NURSES ' P
tj BASEBALL CAMPING %
tl TENNIS BOWLING U
BICYCLE GYMNASIUM «
t| OUTING SURVEYORS I
t{ STAGE MINERS Vj
M Country Orders Solicited. jj
I B. KATSCBINSKI,
| PHILADELPHIA SHOE GO.
y 1O THIRD STREET. I
fi San Francisco. I''• 'All goods marked in plain figures. Spe
cial. 10 per cent discount Wednesdays and
Saturdays. . Lelbold : Harness ¦ Co., 211
Larkln street. — • . •
Big Sale of Harness.
After being out sixteen hours the Jury
in ithe case of Martin J. : Lane, .who was
tried on a charge of grand larceny, failed
to reach a verdict. .The jury stood seven
for acquittal and five for conviction. Lane
is accused of bunkoing A. Mellor out of
J1700 by means of a "brace" game of faro.
Lane Jury Disagrees.
Louis Zinnamari was' arrested yesterday
onaiwarrant charging him .; with felony
for allowing his wife to remain ln;a house
of IIP repute. His wife. Gussie. was ; also
arrested on a charge of being an inmate
of. the house. The California Society for
the Prevention of Cruelty of ChildrenMs
prosecuting, the case.
AccuBed of a Serious Crime.
The teachers In, the public schools were
made' happy yesterday oy receiving inter
est on their salary claims for. November
and December, 189$. Auditor Baehr began
delivering the claims as soon as his office
was opened and Treasurer McDougald
cashed the demands which wiped out all
the old Indebtedness of the city to the
teachers..-
Teachers Receive Interest.
Business picked up perceptibly >. in the
"boosting" line at the track yesterday.
Charles lioots had The Forum entered to
be sold for $300, and after the colt had
captured the two-year-old event was bid
up to WOO by J. Miller. Owner Boots evi
dently thought this a fair price and the
youngster changed owners.
Milas, winner of the opening sprint.' en
tered to be sold for $400, had his price
Track Notes.
Charles Buckingham,' a waiter employed
inijthe California Dairy Kitchen, was
found dead , In r bed : yesterday ¦ morning at
116 Turk street, asphyxiated by illuminat
ing gas. The gas .was turned fully on.
Buckingham parted at 2 o'clock yesterday
morning/ from Charles \ T. Love and J.
Lack, and was at that time in a maudlin'
state of drunkenness, as the condition of
the room indicated. -The gas key was
very loose, and- it is believed his' death
was the result of carelessness in attempt
ingr'to turn off the gas. Buckingham was
23 years of age and' a widower.; • -
Waiter^ Buckingham Asphyxiated.
President, James Grarett; vice president,
F. E. Kuhl; treasurer, J. A. Fettes; re
cording secretary, A. Leo Ellis; financial
secretary, W. Bodle; master at arms,. G.
F. . Buckwadell. : >*v?32 i.
• The members of the Naval Reserve met
on board the United States steamship
Marion yesterday , and formed a -Naval
Outing Club. The regular meetings of the
club will be held onboard the ship.' The
roll was signed - by ninety-five members
and the following officers were elected: ':¦•'-
Naval Outing . Club - Formed.
Supervisor Curtis is in receipt of a num
ber of communications from citizens and
organizations approving his resolution to
levy a tax pf 7V4 cents each year for two
years to. erect a new City and County
Hospital. Among those who favor the
plan are the First Christian Church Sal
vation Army, William C. Pond, pastor of
Bethany Congregational Church; L. A
Craighan, the Paulist Fathers, Jerome
Partridge, secretary . Golden Gate Chris
tian; Endeavor, Union; Samuel Slocombe
Emma A. Huntlngton. president of the
Hospital for Children, the California
Prison Commission, E. J. Bowen, Jerome
A". Anderson* and Charles Montgomery. .
Favor Building a New Hospital.
PHILADELPHIA. April 15.— The Rev.
Dr. Samuel M. Scoville, assistant pastor
of Plymouth Church, Brooklyn, died here
to-day of a complication of diseases. He
was a son-in-law of Henry _ Ward
Beecher. '¦ . - .J\
The Rev. Dr. S. M. Scoville.
First race— Royal Rogue, Glenden
ning, E. M. Brattoin.
- Second race^ — Brutal, El Pilar, For
est King.
Third race — Organdie, Deutchland,
W. J. Dickey. ;
Fourth race — The Pride, Headwa
ter, Princess Titania.
Fifth race — Ishtar, Bernota, Our
Lizzie.' ./
Sixth_ race— El Mido, Plan,; Tufts.
SELECTIONS FOR TO-DAY.
There were so many hot tips floating
about In • the two-year-old event that
form players were enabled to get 3 to 1
about The Forum. In the closing bet
ting Felice was equal choice with the
Elmwood Farm entry- Maud Sherwood
led Into the stretch, where she was grad
ually overhauled and downed five lengths
by The Forum, on which Hoar. rode an
Milas picked up 122 pounds and took the
opening Futurity course In clever fash-
Ion from Jarretlcrre d'Or and Dandy. The
winner closed a 3 to 2 favorite, and was
rated behind Jarretierre d'Or to the
etretch, when he went to the front, win
ning by a neck. Winnecook ran away In
a false breakaway.
Three other favorites, Milas, The Forum
and Wolhurst. were returned winners,
keeping- the bookmakers busy "rounding
up." Kitty Kelly's pleasing stunt at odds
of 10 to 1 in the afterpiece sent the big
crowd home in good humor.
win's fast mare La. Goleta. The
daughter of Amipo had negotiated a mile
in l:40Vi, so it was reported "on 'change,"
and with 104 pounds to handle and Boze
tnan in the saddle she dosed In the bet
ting a pronounced choice over Hagerdon.
Byron Rose and Bragg were among the
other starters. For a time it looked as
if Hagerdon, with his lead of two or
three lengths, would upset calculations.
A '•furlong from the stand, however, he
was seized with heart failure, and La
Golcta won easily In 1:27. Byron Rose
was third.
HE Sofala handicap, over seven
if furlongs, decided at Oakland yes
11 terday, was responsible for the ro
ll appearance " of "Lucky" Bald-
At last King. Dellis won a purse The
YI K X a £ OUt . the Kingston hor^e receded
in the betting on the third race from 2
to 1 favoritism to 3V4 to 1, and aided bv
Troxler's good handling, he led Maresa
past the Judges almost a length. As" the*
fh' en Vf Was run MeNamara looked best, fo?
rear fiSPn ent K y Came from the ta *
S&fflffS a fav a^? P Na f ?r U a rt £V £ffi
mo^&n?o If th h is wS «»*-•*«*
•Old Wolhurist. with Conley In the sad
dle, was pounds the best of those start
l^ir 11 *r e mlle an , d a six t e enth selling
aftair. Away poorly, he scored handily
from Expedient, a 60 to 1 shot. Show
honors fell to Larry Wilt.
Caesar Young's sprinter. Meehanus, car
ried a world of commissions to bring
home the money in the final six furlong
run. "lhe chestnut horse received all the
worst of a ragged start and could finish
Sha™ 08 ™-^^^^ 111^ at t^ stand"
Sharp Bird beat the barrier and then
fh^rr°t ( K1Uy Ke "y disPOSing Of
1 e^t rrat £u fellow at the wire by four
frorfl'o do T w£ Sr r>S
thlrd! ent raCe ' J * H - Benne " asain ran
Andy Gallagher and Sam Berger, the
amateur heavy-weight boxers, have
agreed to a return match. They will box
four rounds at the Olympic Club on the
occasion of the visit of the Burlingame
Country Club men. Joe Angeli and Lundy
have also been matched for the same oc
casion. ( -
Will Box in the Olympic Club.
Chief Deputy Vogelsang states that the
Upper Sacramento is unusually full of
trout this year. The run up the McCloud
River is also said to be very heavy. On
April ' 6, j at the Baird ©state, 750,000 fry
wore liberated. The same number have
been set . free from the State hatcheries
at Siss,on within .the last few weeks. Vo
gelsang says that -there are still on hand
600,000 eggs.
Deputies.J. H. Davis and Hugh Walters
of the Fish Commission arrested B. Bel
gato near Benicia on. Sunday for violating
the "Saturday^ and Sunday law." Belgato
was caught fishing for. salmon. His boat
and other paraphernalia were seized. He
was taken, to Benicia, where he was held
to answer before the Superior ¦ Court In
$500 bonds. The deputies captured on the
same, expedition' a ; 300- fathom net belong
ing to another person. ' :
Upper Sacramento and McCloud Riv-
ers Said to Be .Unusually Full
. ¦ of Trout. " i •
FISH COMMISSIONERS
CAPTURE LAWBREAKER
Lowell High School has won the base
ball championship of the San Francisco
Sub-League of the Academic, Athletic
League. The Lowell nine will now play
Santa Rosa for the championship of the
Northern Sub-League. The game will be
played in this city, if suitable grqunds
can be secured. .
High. School Baseball Matches.
Oscar Dunlap and Thomas Boyle were
arrested yesterday at Vallejo by Chief of
Police Stanford on a charge of stealing a
handbill pump and eighteen feet of suc
tion pipe, Government property, from a
ecow at Mare Island. Third Assistant
United States Attorney Ben L. McKinley
swore to a complaint and the prisoners
were turned over to United States Mar
shal Shine.
Alleged Thefts at Hare Island.
NEW YORK, April 15.-~Ivor Lawson.
the Salt Lake bicycle rider, will sail for
Europe to-morrow. It is probable Law
son's first match will be at Paris on May
8, with Jacquelln as his opponent. While
on<the other side Lawson will represent
America in the . world's championship
races, to be contested at Rome June 8, 12
and 15. He will sail for home on June 2t>
in order to start in this season's circuit,
which he has signed to follow.
Cyclist. Lawson Goes to Europe.
Should tha . company refuse to comply
with the demand suit will ba brought
to force It to do so. One year ago the
company was directed to lay mains In tha
University Mound district, but refused to
do so at that time. The work, however,
was commenced recently and la rapidly
nearing completion.
Supervisor Connor will introduce a res
olution at' next Monday's meeting of tha
board with a view to ascertaining
whether the city has the power to compel
the Spring Valley Water Company to lay
mains in designated districts. The reso
lution, which 13 drawn up In accordance
with an opinion of the City Attorney, di
rects the Board of Works to report to
the Supervisors not later than May 1.
1902, a district wherin hydrants can ba
erected for the purpose of supplying wa
ter for protection from fire, flushing of
sewers, sprinkling of streets and other
purposes. This action is necesary in
order that demand may be made upon tha
Spring Valley Company by the board that
it make connection between such. hy»
drants and the nearest main.
Supervisors Direct Board of "Works
to Report on District for Erect
ing Hydrants.
Four lighthouse keepers and their fam
ilies compose the settlement. Valintine
sayB that last time he. was over the chil
dren all •: had diphtheria, and that the
little schoolhouse was turned into a hos
pital. •
Superintendent of Construction A. Val
intine went* out to the Farallones on the
Bolinas to inspect the. lighthouse and the
signals. He reports the necessity for . a
new boiler for the siren, and will set to
work at once to get a requisition for this
purpose. He says many complaints have
been registered at headquarters by pass
ing vessels that the siren is weak, and
vessels sometimes , do not hear it until
close upon it. . Mr. : Valintlne says that
this is owing somewhat to the bad acous
tic properties of the surroundings.
The day the schooner goes to the" is
lands Is an eventful one for the Faral
lonians, similar to what steamer day in
the 50's was to San i- rancisco. It brings
the news of the -great outside world and
is the only connecting link between them
and the. rest of San Francisco county.
" The Bolinas was a day late this trip
and the inhabitants were - waiting anx
iously for their " canned goods and the
mail." . ' . , ¦
The gasoline schooner Bolinas has been
leased by the Government to carry mail
and freight to the Farallones, the Ida +*,
which for several years past has made
bimonthly trips, having been sold. Cap
tain Gibson, formerly of the Ida A, has
charge of the Bolinas. He says the initial
trip was successful. He made the run to
the island and back in twelve hours.
Assumes Command of Her
' ' Successor.
Ida A Is Sold and • Captain Gibson
> Orders have been issued for improving
the exhibit from San Joaquin County on
recommendation of Secretary Brown. At
the annual meeting of the Sacramento
Valley Development Association, next
Saturday, every county, in the valley will
be urged by President W. S. Green to send
samples of their ; resources to the State
Board of Trade, Manager Filcher having
agreed that if this is accomplished a col
lective exhibition shall' be made -for' the
entire Sacramento Valley, a large amount
of space being devoted to the purpose so
that the effect shall be panoramic, i
- FVW.;Hartzell of the. Vallejo' Chamber
*of Commerce called at the State Board of
Trade yesterday and inquired what Val
lejo could do to get before the public. Lee
T>. Wlndrom of the Crescent City Board
ef Trade also called to say that : Del
Norte County was . preparing to have a
pictorial exhibit of scenes and industries
In the north, embellished with, handsome
samples of woods, products of mines and
horticulture and agriculture. Inyo County
has also sent in a communication. In ref
erence to making an exhibit. - r t .-.-;»?
The efforts of the interior counties of
California to help themselves are showing
results even at this early day. Eastern
people who now visit the exhibition- hall
of the State Board of Trade get an idea
directly that there are at least two great
valleys on the map of California, that of
the Sacramento and San . Joaquin. For
the first time in the history of the Board
of Prade the valleys mentioned have rep
resentatives in the . premises ! who are en
gaged in exploiting the resources of their
separate sections. Calvin Brown, secre
tary, of the Stockton - Chamber of Com
merce, tells all visitors about Stockton in
particular and P. E. Wright, secretary of
the Sacramento Valley Development As
sociation, sets forth the advantages, phy
sical, mental and spiritual of residence in
the Sacramento Valley's superb expanse.
No visitor from the East thus has a
chance, to hear a one-sided tale. , If. he
learns about San Joaquin : County, he in
the next five minutes has an elementary
but comprehensive course of instruction
concerning the many fruitful counties
that He geographically farther north.
Parties who were on the way to Los An
geles have been persuaded to make visits
to both the San Joaquin and Sacramento
valleys, the strong: argument being used
with them that they could not visit these
sections at anything like so small an ex
pense for railroad fare's from Los Ange
les as from San Francisco. Two score of
homeseekers have been sent to look at the
Interior within the last few days. They
,are but the advance guard. Both great
valleys will havo better exhibits at the
State Board of Trade to fasten the atten
tion and stimulate the imagination of the
homeseekers within a short time.,.;
H. S. Crocker Co.. $10: Reddington & Co.,
$10; Thomas Magee & Sons, $25; 'Sussman,
Wormser & Co.. $10; Ames & Harris, $15;
Wisher & Co., $5; Porter Broa., ,$10; C. A.
Hooper & Co., $10; Parainne Paint Co., $10;
San Francisco News Company, $10.
The funds of the Promotion Committee
of San Francisco were farther increased
yesterday by additional pledges of sup
port for the movement to bring settlers
to the State. Several promises of pay
ments to bo made monthly for one year
were received. Altogether the committee
now has pledged more than ?900 per
month, the greater part of which has
come in response to requests by mail to
assist in the work for the good of the
State. The subscribers not previously
mentioned were as follows up to noon
yesterday, with the monthly amounts
subscribed for by each: ' ,
OJOLINAS IS CHARTERED
FOR FARALLON RUN
TAKES ACTION TO FOECE
COMPANY TO LAY MAINS
Two Great Valleys of the
Interior Work Side
by Side.
OAKLAND SACETBACK— Tuesday, April 15.— Weather fine. Track fast.
3SO9. FIRST RACE— Futurity course; selTin^ thTeV-y"ear^d^rTo^n^tr$325r" ~~
lPQexjHorse_and_-V\ : el g ht.iSt. ij. g. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op Ml ci.
iMiiiiii^Hii
aw«v nnr r £T d n ° SS2J2 i n handl| as "« '"•eisht. Dandy doled we 1 f"o Cu°"r
lyce 114 Cn^ndoo i22 "" *"** the dlstanc « ln * fal « breakaway. ScmtchVd
3«<>O. SECOND RACE— Four furlongs; selling: m^Iq^rtwZTelr^a^
todexJHor ! e_*nd_w-d f ht.[st. %. %. Str. Fin. Owner and J»ckey. I Op*""}?!
SW U-tm4 F ns'io ¦"" n ? n v J ? urns * Watrhs.Troxler 6 6-2
::::!&;::::::::: i ": * |> * r gESSSKSS "8 to
3C01. THIRD RACE— Six furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and up; to first. $325.
Index, 'Hor^Age, Weight.; St. ft. %. Btr. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op.^i.
SSS JKing Dellis, 5.... 109 "5 7 n 3 n In 1 % c Lind . . Troxler 1 7*
3550 Maresa. 4 1112 1% 1 1% 2 n 2n J.' F Do in.V.V.Vicker? 10 it
J5C4 4 Marineuse. 4 108 » 8 2 7 % J 15 3 ni j Conway S in on
1 wiiiii iiffsii
ii^^iiiiii^iiaii
;"gf. Jfe ;**£jt :*ay*: %. l:15tf. Good ttart. Wen first three driving. Winner C Llnd'*
b h. by Kingston-Flower Dells. King Dellis perfectly ridden. Marefa tired a bit at the
fi os< \v,, M<%N £ n } ara ,™ t ne b * st race and *« closing strong. Narra G can do much better
Iloodw ill nOt overburdened wlth SP^" 1 - Ssratched—B.F Mason UlTThe
3C02. FOURTH RACE— Seven furlongs; Sofala ¦Jjjandlcap; 3-year-olds and up; to first. $400.
%. %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey, j <§?""&.
W 'hLSS^ B a ?& I ? % ? ? H ? i % J i Baldwin & Co.'.Boxemanr R-5 6.5
5 4::::1^ I I! 4 \\v,lt U Sk 7 °SSSS Sgga 8 'S 13 1
® 3 *« « 41 4h 48 46 Curl & Co Knann « I
the strength of a fast^ workout, Hagerdon Jj^^^li^SL^L^ 11^
gCO3." FIFTH RAC&-^l-^^lesTi»em^^ "~
IrflexJHorse. Age, Weight. St. %. 14. Str. Fin. Qwper and Jockey. O^^i
j:r.ei Decoy. 5 1121 4 2h 3% 3% 7 10 Oeorse Miller Hoar k \n
* ni r. n - I 112 ! S «*6n 4 S208 10 JM^liman "'.I'/. See 60 ' sm
3-t67 Icasdale. 6 112 1 7 8% 9 -0 fl |F. J. Stoers. . . .Bo^ma^ 60 foe
t^ccyquit^Scratched— Eirrtcln 112. Fred's Mount 108. 6 * or tne coln 
gQ04. SIXTH RACE — Six furlongs; gelling; four-year-olds and up; to first. $325.
Irflex Horae. Age. Weight. St. %. %. Str. Fin. (, Owner and Jockey. Op?"'"^'.
S5S9 Kitty Kelly, 5... 109 2 2 4 > 2 % 2 1% 1 4 for. L. StanfleTd HoI7 T 1
|g gffiJES 5 v.::i:i i .1 « 15? 5 i ! i I&A ISPS ,';
3T-Q0 |n. Bohmanson, 4..108I 4 4 n 6 6 0 JKlundcr & B^ra " *SS . co 2C0
**£•—^ g*%j H- S*»j4; %. 1:"%. Bad start. Won cleverly. Second »nd third driving
\\irner. W. L. Stanflcld's br. m. by Apache-Play Toy. Sharp Bird beat the *at« hft
htr s^ScTtherin d tSe%Tr7tcr e - JteetaM " "^ Do °?'"* ™ ld "« *"P
• GRAND PROTECTOR AND PAST
GRAND, KNIGHTS AND LA
DIES OF HONOR.
The question of the per capfta tax took
a great deal of the time of the session
and finally it was fixed at ?1 20, a reduc
tion of 30 cents below that of the amount
of the previous year.
FUNDS INCREASE
FOR PROMOTION
MEMPHIS, Tenn., April 15. — Montgomery
Park results:
First race, six furlongs, ¦ selling — Red Hook
won Harry New second. Charles W. Meyer
third. Time, 1:14&..
Second race, four and a half furlongs, sell
ing — Onatus won, Henry McDanlel second. Tom
Cogan third. Time, :55%.
Third race, mile, selling — Lee King won,
Chorus Boy second. Trebor third. Time, 1:43.
Fourth race, the Tennessee Oaks, one mile —
Flora Pomona won. Marque second. Waina
moinen third. Time. 1:42%.
Fifth race, one and a sixteenth miles, selling
South Breeze won. Brigade second. Wild Pi
rate third. Time. 1:52. .
Sixth race, seven furlongs, selling — Aml
rante won. Nearest second. Incidental third.
Time. 1:29. ¦ '•
Fourth race, mile — Dr. Stephens won. Henry
of Franstamar second, Llndenella third. Time,
1:42.
Fifth race, half mile — Stem Winder won. The
Don second. Agnes Mack third. . Time. :50.
Sixth race, one and an eighth miles — Malay
won, John McGurk second. Banish third. Time,
1:55 2-5. ji
Fourth . race. Carter handicap, seven fur
longs — Ethics won. Contend second, Petra II
third. , Time. 1:28 1-5. : .
Fifth race, four and a half furlongs* selling
— Dark Planet -won.- Gloriosa second, Mackie
Dwyer third. Time. :5ft.
' Sixth race, five and a half furlongs — Roue
won. "Whist second. Jack Demund third. Time,
1:08.. |
- CHICAGO. April 15. — The local racing season
began to-day at Lakeside. The feature of the
day's racing was the victory of the three-year
old filly Zibla, which had been backed from
200 to 11 to 50 to 1, in the second race. Re
sults:
- First race, half mile — Computation won,
Brookston second. Pennant third. Time, :5O.
Second race, five furlongs — Zibla won, Burnle
Burton second, Moneymuss third. Time. 1:01.
Third race, one mile — Schwabs won. Leenja
second. Tommy Foster third. Time, 1 :42 2-5.
Third race, seven furlongs, selling — Sir
Florian won Sa'tlre second. Past third. Time,
1:29 1-5. - £i : -
' Second race, four and a half furlongs — Morca
won. examiner second. Blue Peter third. Time.
:50 3-5.
First race, five furlongs, selling — Delagoa
won, McAddle second. Cassville third. Time,
l:0r 4-5.
NEW YORK, April 15.— Tha Metropolitan
racing season' for 1902 was opened at Aqueduct
to-day.' A big crowd was in attendance and
the weather conditions were excellent. The
Carter handicap at seven furlongs was won
easily by Ethics, a 20 to 1 shot. Results i.
Is Won by Ethics.
Carter Handicap at Aqueduct Track
RACES IN" THE EAST.
"The Board of Public Works must give
the preference to hand sweeping, so far
as it can do so with reference to the
proper sweeping of the streets and the
funds at its disposal. I would advise that
If the work is not done according to con
tract you decline to approve the bills
therefor."
"This direction to the Board of Public
Works is clear and explicit. It was evi
dently in contemplation that the cleaning
and sprinkling of the streets would be
done by contract. I am not willing to
deny, however, to the Board of Public
Works all p^wer to itself clean and sprin
kle the streets, in the event that no bids
would be forthcoming when called for.
or that the bids were, in the judgment
of the Board of Public Works, far In ex
cess of the cost to the city if done by
the Board of Public Works; but unless
such conditions should develop, it seems
to me clearly the intendment of the char
ter provisions that the board should an
nually call for bids for the doing of this
wcrk and award contract therefor.
City Attorney Lane advised the Board of
Works yesterday regarding its powers in
the matter of sprinkling and cleaning
streets. Lane, after quoting the charter,
which provides that the board must invite
proposals for the work and award the
contract to the lowest bidder, says:
City Attorney I»ane Advises the Board
of Public Works as to Its
Powers.
STREET-CLEANING MTTST
BE DONE BY CONTRAC?
THE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART
Burlingame will be strongly represented,
many well-known ladies sending the pick
of their kennels. The drag hounds of the
San Mateo County Hunt will also be
strongly in evidence.
W. W. Van Arsdale will be represented
by his eight beautiful English setters and
his field trial winning pointer Dr. Daniels.
• Prentice Maslin, Matt Coffee and Wil
liam Halley of Sacramento will show Bos
ton terriers,^ collies and fox terriers.
W. S. Tevis of Bakersfleld and J. E.
Lucas of- San Clemente will show their
kennels of pointers.
The Misses Sargent, Mr. Sargent and
Mr. Morse of Sargents, O91.-, have entered
toy spaniels, Irish terriers and fox ter
riers. •"- - .. ¦
Mrs. Thomas Murphy of Hollister will
send 'fox terriers and setters;
From San Jose come poodles, cockers,
pointers and bulldogs, owned by Miss
McKenzie, the Misses Doble, Harker,
Barrett, Dixon and others.
Mrs. W. H. Kerr of Denver, Colo., will
show cocker spaniels in their variety.
Mrs. C. E. McStoy of San Diego will
send her St. Bernard, Duke Russell, to
compete for the prizes. /
James Ewins of Los Angeles has en
tered his kennel of bulldogs, while J. P.
Brown of Riverside has sent fox terriers.
D. Fayette C. Ewing of Webster Grove,
Mo., has sent on a number of Scotch ter
riers.
From far and near came the entries for
the sixth annual show of the San Fran
cisco Kennel Club, making what i3 ex
pected to prove the most Interesting ex
hibition of high class dogs ever seen here.
More than five hundred dogs will join in
the grand chorus which always marks
the -opening day of the show. •
The Hon. Ho Yow, Imperial Chinese
Consul General, has made a notable addi
tion to the list of prizes. It will be called
the "international trophy," and is offered
for the best dog in the show. The trophy,
which will probably assume the form of a
bronze vase, four feet high and of artiste
design, will be worthy tne place assigned
It In the list of awards.
The greyhound entry has been the mar
vel of all dog fanciers who have not kept
in touch with the development of coursing
on this coast. One hundred and twenty
greyhounds will be benched, including all
the well-known performers which appear
on the field. There are thirty entries in
the open class and twenty-eight in the
field trial class. These are unusually
heavy entry lists for any show.
George S. Thomas of Boston, Mass.. wiil
be represented by thirty-three dogs, in
cluding Boston terriers, bulldogs, toy ter
riers, wire-haired fox terriers and Irish
terriers.
Dr Mosklman wiil probably be seen In
the box for Oakland this week. Th«
Doc's arm was bothering him, but ids
now in good condition.
Shugart stole the, only base inlast Sun
day's game across' the bay. The- condi
tion of the grounds had a lot to do with
this poor showing.
Unglaub of Sacramento Is one or the
most finished players ever seen on the
local field. He has been christened. "No
slob" by a fan who knows.
McHale was the first man to pilfer the
third sack on the local diamond this year.
Bobby's base-running has delighted tha
rooters. .... A
Atherton seems to be Morley s steady
first-base man. According to the Los
~ ngeles papers the big fellow Is playing
great ball and batting well.
San Francisco will have a new pitcher
in a few days. His identity and present
whereabouts are being kept secret.
Big Mike Birmingham of the Senators
Is hitting the ball flush on the nose. Mlk»
Is a little slow in navigating the bases,
but otherwise he plays good ball.
This afternoon at the Oakland grounds
the San Francisco Ponies will begin a
series of six games with Ewing's Oak
land nine, while Sacramento will go south
to meet the Angels.
According to the dope, Oakland has a
fast team of ball players this year. They
have given the Los Angeles team a hard
run during the past week, and every Tan
knows how hard it is to win a game in
the southern city. It is nearly time for
F.wing to have a winning team Oakland
has not won a pennant since 1883, when
the crowds were wont to flock to the old
Haight-street grounds. The line-up for
this afternoon will be as. follows;
San Francisco. Positions. Oakland.
Leahy • • • > Catcher .Gorton
Kane. Pitcher
Kordyke .-.- First base Streib
Bone Second base Mohler
Shugart Third base Devereaux
Ilolfv Shortstop Francks
McHale Left field Dunleary
Lawler.. Center neld ..Vr alters
Bejmas Right field McCreedla
Clubs- Played. Won. Lost. Pet.
San Francisco » « * -'^
Los Angeles I * I 40,
Oakland I « « ''i^rt
Sacramento 8 2b .-i5O
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
George Baker's crew is made up of Rob
ert O'Hea, bow; T. R. Keenan, No. 2; F.
J. Sherry, No. 3; George Baker, stroke,
and J. S. Earls, cockswain; the substi
tutes are J. J. Cronln and H. Perazzl. W.
O. Patch's crew consists of Frank Curry,
bow; Fred Seibel, No. 2; W. O. Patch,
No. 3; E. O. Kragness, stroke, and Val
Kehrlein, cockswain; substitutes, W. A.
Donovan and C. Kenniff. Captain T. R.
Dixon's crew comprises T. Harris, bow;
W. F. Harris, No. 2; John C. Reimers,
No. 3; T. R. Dixon, stroke, and W. Wood,
cockswain; substitutes, E. H. Coney and
Richard Topping. Captain Dixon's crew
contains three men who will . be in the
Dolphin junior barge four in this season's
regattas, the fourth man being E. O.
Kragness. The fourth crew is captained
by A- W. Pape and is made up of Lester
Hammersmith, bow; C. M. Farrell, No. 2;
Leo D. Weinand, No. 3; A. W. Pape,
stroke, and J. D. Farrell, cockswain; Fred
W. Woerner and H. Herbert are substi
tutes.
In selecting the crews George Baker
had first choice, W. O. Patch second, T.
R. Dixon third and A. W. Pape fourth.
The order was altered for each subse
quent selection. On the day of the races
luncheon will be served on the beach in
front of the clubhouse. The prizes will
be the four medals offered by A. P. Roth
kopf and the cockswain's medal presented
by F. C. Stalb. The races will start from
a point in front of the clubhouse, thence
to the breakwater at the foot of Taylor
street, turn and finish opposite the club
house. The distance Is about one mile.
The crews for the four-oared barge
races of the Dolphin Boating Club, to
take place en May* 4, have been chosen. .
Joe Angell, who aspires to be the light
weight champion boxer of the coast, made
Quick work last night of Tody Everett.
They met in the principal event at the
Hayes Valley Athletic Club's monthly ex
hibition in Mechanics* Pavilion Annex.
The first round was a hurricane affair.
Everett was knocked down and took six
seconds on the floor. He knocked Angell
down almost immediately, but the laiicr
v. as up a:iu at it without delay.
It was give and take in the second
round until Angeli suddenly landed a
right and then a left on Everett's jaw.
Tne blows did not seem hard, but tney
were effective, and Everett went down
under them, being completely out.
In the lirst ngnt of the evening Jo«j
Hall stopped D. Bellow In less than one
round. While the bout lasted it was a
give and take affair.
Monte Attel was given the decision over
"William Pardelli alter four rounds of
fierce fighting. The judges first wanted
an extra round, but as this is not per
mitted under the rules they gave the
bout to Attel. Besides the prize tb.3 win
ner will carry around a highly colored
eye for some days.
Otto Knoch stopped Phil O'Meara in
two rounds, thereby making good on his
name.
Lew Powell won from Eddie Gallatin
on points after four hard rounds.
E. C. Hunter was defeated by Al Young
in two rounds. A right to the heart did
the business, sending Young into dream
land.
RESULTS OF TUESDAY'S RACING AT OAKLAND TRACK
George Saulsbury won from George Pe
terson after four furious rounds. The
majority of the spectators thought Peter
son won, as he was the aggressor and
landed the greater number of clean
blows.
Knocks Him Out in Second
Bound of a Special
Consul General Ho Yow Offers
a Va&e for Best Dog
in the Show.
Baker, Pape, Patch and Dixon
Select Men Who Make Up
the "Fours."
Moskiman'Will in th9 Near
Future Be Seen in the
Pitcher's Box.
Lightweight Boxer Too
Clever for His .
Opponent.
Will Row Over the Club
Course for Valuable
Trophies.
Ewing's Men Are Said to
Be Fast and Clever
Players.
Representative Entry Is
Received for Kennel
Club Show..
¦ Sixth race — One and a sixteenth miles, sell
ing: three-year-olds and upward:.
(3SSDM. Hlldreth. .104 S6til El MIdo. . . . . .112
35i»S Merops 110 3>'>49 Einstein 110
(35«7)Tufts 101 3571 Alicia 1CS
3?>80 Anthracite . . .110 5587 Canejo 10S
(35!)5)Klfonse' ..- 106 351)5 Plan ..no
3574 Free Lance. ..113 3587 Straggler, ... .114
Second race — One and a sixteenth miles, sell
ing: throe-year-oldr and upward:
33B9 Slap Dash 1ft' to'Ol MeNamara . . 110
35(17 Forest King..l(X. 3B81 Kl Hey... . hk;
8589 Ulloa 10s 3321 Invlctus lot;
8.TO5 Brutal 112 Elmer L. .. ...109
350f> Billy Lyors...l(*> 3500 Royal Prize.. 110
S467 Berendoa ....100 3587 El Pilar tH
Third race — Four furlongs, purse: two-year
olds:
3004 Tom Mitchell.110 (:J582)Organdle ....11.-.
3504 Clarinette ....110 3057 Mi Relna 10*
Elfln King 118 3500 Dotterel 110
(3510) W. J. Dickey.118 »S58 Jockey Club..llh
:iu22 Donami IT" 3582 The Fog. 10«
o5S2 Prestolus ....105 3558 'Deutchland ..113
Fourth race — One mllei the Recreation han
dicap; three-year-olds and upward:
3373 Prn'B Titania.1001 3513 Headwater . . 104
3548 The .Pride 108i 3542 Sister Jeanle.,102
Fifth ¦ race — Seven furlongs, selling; three
year-olds and upward:
3508 Mike Strauss. 107 3:>83 San Venado.MlO
3015 Tony Lepplng.JlH o574 Bernota 1<?4
3577 Fondo ... f ....104 3508 Our Lizzie. ..105
«543 Royalty 90 (3583)The Ooodoo. ..102
5£«5 I*htar t>"i 3571 The Singer. ..Ill
3.'i50 Devereaux ...107 (35«2)Kickumbob ..100
tilted to $700 by "Billy" Cahill. Walter
Jennings retained the three-year-old
Fred Edwards will try his luck In Chi
cago this season with Botany. The three
year-old will be shipped in one of the
cars loading to-day.
Johnny Hoar was the only rider to "place
two winners over the plate. He handled
The Forum and Kitty Kelly with excel
lent judgment.
Sharp Bird pulled up very lame and has
probably done with the game for this sea
son.
William A. Pinkerton of the noted de
tective agency and a great admirer of
the turf was a visitor at the track.
As Saturday or "Milroy day" ap
proaches purchasers of tickets for the
benefit of the deceased turfman's family
are showing grateful remembrance. These
sales of single admission tickets were re
corded yesterday at the association's of
2& e: TT^i A. Pinkerton $25, C. Zinkand
«20. H. Hart $5. Joe Eppinger $10, A. Jo
sephs ?20. These i had already been re
corded: Caesar Young $250, Thomas H
Williams Jr. $100. D. M. Burns $100, A. B.
Spreckels $100. Butchers' Board of Trade
$75, Chris Smith $50, Fitzgerald. Black &
£2- *?}•£• U £ 8l ¥ r $10 ' M - Katzenstein
$10, Al Coney $5, J. F. Schorr $5, John
Lyons $o.
The following are the entries for this
afternoon's events:
First race— Five and a half furlongs, selling:
three-year-olds and upward:
Andy Bender.. 114 (3JS77)Royal Rogue 111
3:.fi5 Killdoe 11 i sr,84 Maraschino ? ill
sr.02 Glendennlng ..11 ! (3551)R M. Bratrn.lll
<3r.72)Solinu« 114 3572 Rublno ... ill
3511 Myriad Dan'r.114 3544 Huachuca l.iT
,. ... Augie 114 .%(» Breton ii«
A dispatch of greeting was sent to L.
B. Lockhard, supreme protector at To
ledo, Ohio., in these words: " -
The Grand Lodge of the Golden State In an
nual session assembled sends fraternal greet
ings to the supreme protector of the queen of
benevolent orders.
During the afternoon session the Grand
Lodge degree was conferred on past pro
tectors who did not appear, at the morn
ing session. J. A. Colquhoun was appoint
ed jourffal clerk.
After hearing a statement from Mrs. S.
Beverson in relation to an effort made to
assist a helpless old lady into an old peo
ple's home the members of the Grand
Lodge made up a purse to help her along.
The party is not a member of the order.
Per Capita Tax Reduced.
THE fifteenth annual session of the
Grand Lodge of the Knights and
Ladles of Honor was opened iii
Pythian Castle yesterday morn
ing: by , Grand Protector Z, -T.
Whitten. There were present all the
grand i officers and the delegates to the
grand body, the list of which was printed
in The Call last Sunday. . '
For the first time in the history of the
order in this State any member of a sub
ordinate, lodge in good standing was per
mitted to enter . the ; Grand Lodge room
and watch the proceedings, but without
voice or vote. ' , .-•
The reports of the grand officers were
presented and referred' to the proper com
mittees.
The grand protector in his report says
that in the last year the croaKers and
calamity howlers of the order have been
reduced in a large degree and that the
order, in spite of che troublous times and
difficulty of a certain class of the mem
bership to struggle along, has not lost
any, but on the contrary has made a gain
in beneficial members, not large, it is
true, but still a perceptible net gain,
while other orders have sustained a net
lass. The finances, he declares, are satis
factory, showing that there is a larger
balance at this time than has been shown
in many years except one. He calls at
tention to the fact that this year, the
jubilee year of the order, should be ob
served In a fitting manner by the mem
bers in this State.
Grand Secretary Recommends.
The grand secretary in his report say.-j
that Mrs'. Emma Quitzow was appointed
to the position of deputy supreme pro
tector to advance the order in this juris
diction, and that while she had done good
work during the period she had filled that
oIBce she had not the opportunity to do
more by reason of the fact that there was
no provision for the payment of the trav
eling expenses, something that Is an ab
solute necessity. He states that the num
ber of deaths was thirteen, which includ
ed three members of the Grand Lodge-
Mrs. M. E. Uuncan, Emma Pease, who
was the grand sentinel, and Bertha Op
penhelmer, who was appointed to fill the
vacancy caused by the death of Mrs.
Pease. The amount paid to beneficiaries
was ?22,500.
The following are the recommendations
of the grand secretary:
L«t your motto be for the next term, to do
your part for the Increase of the members of
this order. Bring in at least one new member.
•In the selection of your gTancl officers put
sentimentality to one side and only consider
the good of the order. Direct a contingent
fund to be so used that a deputy's traveling
expenses can be paid out of same and an ac
count of the money so expended to be made
to ' this Grand Lodge. It has been correctly
stated that this order should better advertise
iteelf, and to that end I would recommend
that every member of this Grand Lodge and
every member of this jurisdiction be appointed
a committee of one to unite in one determined
committee to make a grand demonstration on
the occasion of the silver Jubilee of this noble
order, the twenty- fifth anniversary of its birth,
September C, 1902. I a«>k this Grand Lodge
to take proper steps to fittingly observe this,
our natal day. , • •
The degree of the Grand Lodge was
conferred on several past protectors.
KnigHts and Ladies of Honor Open; Fifteenth
Annual Grand Session of the Order.
ANGELI DEFEATS
TODY EVERETT
DOLPHINS NAME
BARGE CREWS
DOGS FROM AFAR
TO BE EXHIBITED
PONIES TO MEET
THE OAKLANDS
PERMIT MEMBERS OF THE LODGES
TO BE PRESENT AT PROCEEDINGS
THE . ; SA*r FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 16, 1\)UV.
8
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Free trial packages of a most remark-
ablo remedy are being mailed to all who
will write to the State Medical Institute.
They cured so many men who had battled
for yea,rs against the mental and physi-
cal sufferings , of lost manhood that the
Institute has decided to distribute free
trial packages to all who write. It is a
home treatment, and all men who suffer
from any form of sexual weakness result-
ing from youthful folly, premature Jess
of strength and memory, weak back, va-
rlcocele or emaciation of part3 can now
cure themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
eflect of warmth and seems to act dir-cc
to the desired, location, giving strength
•»ntt development just where it is needed
It cures all the ills and troubles that
come from years of misuse of the natural
functions and has been an absolute suc-
cess In all cases. A request to the State
Medical Institute. 323 Elektron building
Fort Wayne. Ind.. stating that you desiro
one of their free trial packages, will bo
complied with promptly. The Institute is
desirous of reaching that great cla%s of
men who are unable to leave home to be
treated, and the free samples -will enable
them to see how easy it is to be cured of
sexual weakness when the proper reme-
dies are employed. The Institute makes
no restrictions. ¦ Any man who writes will
be sent a free sample, carefully sealed in
a plain package, so that its recipient ncej
have no fear of embarrassment or pub-
Hclty. Headers are requested to write
without delay.
to All Who Writs.
A Free Trial Paekasrs Sent by Mall
SENT FREE TO MEN!
A Most Remarkable Remedy Th.it
Quickly Restores Lost Vigor
to Men.| MANILA. April 15.— Dr. Meacham, as
sistant to Major Maus, the insular health
commissioner, died to-day of heart fail
ure, caused by overwork on the cholera
cases.
Dr. Meacham.
Bourke Cockran at Vatican.
ROME. April 15.— The Pope to-day re
ceived Bourke Cockran of New York In
audience.
PARIS, April 15.— The Countess Bonl de
Castellane. formerly Anna Gould of New
York, gave birth to a son yesterday. The
mother and child are doing well.
Stork Visits Countess Castellane.
MANILA, April 15.— The total number of
cases of cholera reported in this city up
to noon to-day is 275, and the total num
ber of deaths from that disease in Ma
nila is 215. In the provinces the aggre
gate is 435 cases and « 315 deaths. There
have been only two deaths of Americans
from cholera. .
Deaths From Cholera.
Vina's Postofflce Again Xrooted.
CORNING, April 15.— For the second
time within a month Vina's postofflce was
robbed last night. •The burglars secure*
some stamps, a small amount of money
and a pistol. An attempt was made, evi
dently by the same persons, to gain ad
miasion to Cone & Klmball's store by re
moving a pane of glass, but the barking
of a dog scared the robbers away.
OMAHA, April 15.— The Burlington Rail
road, after confirming the record, to-day
made public the details of a record-break
ing run from Eckley to Wray, Colo., made
March 24. The distance was covered at
a rate of 98.6 miles an hour. An official
investigation will be made toy the Burling
ton officials, who have received a personal
report from Conductor J- H. Burns, who
was in charge of the train. The run la
said to beat any former record for that
distance.
Breaks Railroad Records.
NEW YORK, April 15.— W. J. Raoul,
president of the Mexican National Rail
road, was to-day elected president of the
National Railroad of Mexico. This com
pany Is the new corporation organized a
few weeks ago under the laws ot Utah
for the purpose of taking over the Mexi
can National and to provide new capital
for the standard gauging of this railroad.
Some misunderstanding wa3 caused in the
West and in this city by the announce
ment that E. H. Warren, as president,
had reappointed all the old officials and
employes of the Mexican National. War
ren was only temporary president of the
new company which took over the old
company on April 10.
Mexican Railway's New President.
VICTORIA, B. C, April 15.— America is
given the credit at Peking by the corre
spondents of Japanese papers for the
backdown of the Russians. The Ameri
can note, following close on the Anglo-
Japanese alliance, says the Japan Times'
Peking correspondent, has caused a set
tlement of the Manchurian question,
which is now being arranged on the basis
that Russian troop3 be withdrawn from
Shinking Province in three months, from
Kirin In six months and from the Amur
in nine months; that Russia shall not in
terfere with Chinese military affairs in
the future; and that Russia shall return
the Chinese railway outside the walls on
the receipt of the payment of indemnity.
The British Treaty Commissioner, . Sir
James Mackay, ia endeavoring to secure
the opening to foreign trade of all ports
on China's rivers which can be reached
by steam launches. The Chinese Com
missioner will agree enly that the ports
with which, owing to their natural ad
vantage, foreign commerce can best b«
carried out, be opened. The Commission
ers have all agreed upon the negotiations
for the construction of railways and open
ins: of mines, and the survey work for the
Hankow-Canton Railway, which will be
built by Americans, has been commenced.
sians Is Explained.
Reason for the Backdown of the Rus-
AMERICA GIVEN CREDIT.
FRESNO, April 16.— Early this morning
("Wednesday) the man who attempted to
kill Mrs. Inns, accidentally shot himself.
He was captured by the officers and ia
now in the Copnty Jail. His injuries are
not believed to be serious.
the Attack, and Is Now in.
the County Jail.
Accidentally Shoots Himself, After
CAPTURE OE ASSAILANT
OP MBS. INNS OF FRESNO
The last statement of the Assessor waa
made in 1S09, when he informed the Audi
tcr that he had collected the poll taxes
and retained $3823 15 for commissions. In
I'.tOO he made no statement, but retained
{3769 93; and in 1901 he followed the same
course without accounting for $3730 20.
This makes a grand total of $11,
2S3 30 for poll tax commissions that Mr.
T-alton has not mentioned to the County
Treasurer.
For the first time in three year9 County
Assessor Henry P. Dalton ha3 turned all
his poll tax collections into the county
treasury. But he did not do so without
a protest and until the County Auditor
refused any settlement that did not in
clude the full amount of all money col
lected, so he relinquished the commissions
he claims under the reservation that none
of his rights will be jeopardized until a
decision is had from the Supreme Court
in the poll tax commission suit..
Assessor Dalton tendered his poll tax
collections for the month of March,
amounting to $1260, less $1S9 commissions,
to the country treasury, but after a con
t-ultation with the Auditor's office the
Treasurer refused to accept any sum less
than the full amount. Mr. Dalton de
murred to this demand, but finally acted
on the suggestion of his attorneys to meet
the requirement under protest.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, April 15.
Auditor Refuses to Accept
Money Without Full
Accounting.
Assessor Dalton Turns
Over All Poll-Tax
Collections.
GIVES UP COIN
UNDER PROTEST
LONDON, April 15.— At -a meeting to
day of the directors of the Bank of Eng
land Augustus Prevost . was elected gov
ernor.. :-¦;¦;'; ¦¦;"•¦? -:.¦' ... . -"
Governor of a Great Bank.
¦¦>¦ PLYMOUTH— Arrived A?rlll5-^Stmr Patri
cia, -from New iTork, for Cherbourg and Ham
bur"," and proceeded. ,.- \ , • •-»-¦
• SYDNEY, NSW — Arrived prior to April . 15--
Stmr Ventura,*- from San . Francisco.'. via Hono
lulu. • Poco Pago' and : Auckland. -
Late Shipping Intelligence.
OCEAN STEAMERS
SOFIA; .Bulgaria, April 15.— The Bulga
rian Government has determined to dis
solve-the Macedonian revolutionary, com
mittee, and has so Informed the latter's
executive, giving as a reason for its ac
tion that the chief agents of the commit
tee, have been, caught in the act of form
ins revolutionary bands.
After the Macedonians.
Bobbers Loot Oregon Postoffice.
Or.. April. 15.-Burglars
blew open - the postofflce safe at Aurora,'
Marion County, last night and secured
$300 in money.
VICTORIA, B. C, April 15,-The steam
er Queen City, which arrived this morn
ing, brought wreckage from the west
coast of Vancouver Island, including a
lifebuoy, thought to be from the lost torlt
ish warship Condor, and a panel and tha
end of a, cabin berth of redwood. Tho
panel is veneered with maple. It waa
probably from the Matteawan,or: drifted
from the Walla Walla.
Finds Buoy of the Condor.
EL PASO. Tex., April 15.— The forty
ninth annual conclave of the Grand Com
mandery of the Knlghta Templar of
Texa8,will be held In this city, beginning
to-morrow and lasting three days. Prep
arations have been made to entertain 500
Templars. The first delegation arrived to
day and the city is. in gala attire. The
Spanish matador, Cervera, will' give an
exhibition bullfight | across the ? river at
Juarez, Mexico. , Thursday, to entertain
the visitors. '¦'-<::¦., . •
Conclave of the Texas Knights.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, April 15.—
In one of the : closest „ competitions ever
seen at Stanford for the authorship of a
class farce, Roger J. Sterrett, '02, has won
the senior farce prize. His farce, which
is called "A Rank Outsider," will be pre
sented by- the graduating class during
senior week. Mrs. "Will H. Irwin of San
Francisco, ' a Stanford graduate, will
stage the production.'
Writes a Prize Farce.
HOT SPRINGS, Ark., April 15.— When
the convention of the National Editorial
Association was called to order to-day
about £00 members were present and many
more arrived during the day. The first
session was called to order, bv President
Albert Tozler of Portland, Or., in the
pavilion of the Park Hotel. Addresses of
welcome were made by the Mayor of Hot
Springs and others and the president's
address was read.
Editorial Association Convenes.
NEW YORK, April 15.— An agreement
affecting 1500 bricklayers in seventeen
unions In this city, by which the wages
are. advanced 4 cents an hour, has been
entered into by the Master Builders' As
sociation and the local union. The agree
ment will go into effect July 1, and last
for a year. The programme of the plas
terers laborers not to resume work on
contracts where their demand for $3 50 a
day was not granted was generally fol
lowed throughout the borough of Man
hattan to-day. As a result It was esti
mated that about 3500 plasterers' laborers
went on strike, and about 2500 union plas
terers' who- would not work with non
union laborers became idle. In some
cases where there was a rigid time-limit
on the contracts the demands of the plas
terers' laborers were granted. -
Bricklayers Get Higher Wages.
Ladies Make 'Appeal for Charity.
¦ The ladies of the San Francisco Nur
sery for Homeless Children, who are con
ducting a "rummage sale" at the come*
of Powell and Green streets, announced
last night that, owing to th"e unusual suc»
cess that has attended the sale, they
have run out of material. The president
earnestly appeals to the charitably in
clined to send donations 'to the nursery.
Old clothes of all descriptions will be
thankfully received.
lesple ' (contractor), plans by owner — All work
except mantels, tiling, gas fixtures and shades
lor additions - and alterations for changing a
¦ cottatre house Into 1 two-story frame building
(two flats), on E line of . Devlsadero street. 100
S of O'Farrell. E 00, S 25, W.9O, N 25; $2857.
Mrs. Caroline- Cook (owner) with William
Linden ' (contractor). ' Rousseau & " Son i archi
tects — All work for a three-story frame build
ing with brick foundation (three flats) on 3
Hpo of Sacramento street. 112:6 W of Leaven
worth. W 2. r > by S CO; $QfifiO.
Henry Kahn (owner) with Charles Floodberg
and Hush McCaffery . (contractors), architects
Salfleld & Kohlberg — Plastering for a six-story
and. basement brick building on S line of Eddy
strcet. 137:6 W of Taylor. W 40 by S-137:6;
.$3100. ..¦- .- ; ¦ ¦ • - "¦ - ¦ - ¦.
.Livingston Bros.- (a firm) (owner) with Homo
Manufacturing Company (a corporation) (con
tractors),'architect N. J. Tharp— All alterations
and additions to certain store fixtures In store
ln> a -six-story brick building at 123-129 Post
street; $1255.' ••-- ' ,*- V /
' .Bridget O'Neill (owner) with H. R.ISchmuck
ert- <contra'ctor . and architect) — All work ex
cept" painting, .plumbing ..and ¦. finishing . hard-
: ware'for a frame, blacksmith shop and a two
story and basement frame building (two stores
an<"i two Cats) on SW corner of Fourteenth ana
Folsom, streets, SI on Folsom and 92:6 on Four
teenth; $9275. . .. -
FRESNO, . April 15.— The Methodist
Church was burned to the ground at day
light this morning, i The loss is $5000 on
the building and $3000 on the new organ,
which was the only pipe organ in the
valley., The fire is supposed to have orig
inated from an electric wire- connected
with tho organ. The pastor, the. Rev.
George Miller,", had' changed the position
of a wire at a rehearsal last night of the
Epworth chorus. .
1 ¦>,'. ¦ ¦' ;: ;-;;r :,' A 7 ;'" , • -
Fire Destroys Methodist I Church.
SEATTLE, /Wash.",. April 15.— J. C.
Moore, alias Pug Ryan, alias L. A. .Scott,
who admits that he is wanted for murder
In' Summit County. Colorado, has been ar
rested by the Seattle police. He Is be
lieved to have been implicated also In the
robbery of the saloon in Franklin, this
county, ,ln which Martin Johnson, the
bartender, was killed by. a highwayman.
The Colorado murder, was committed at
Canyon City. .. . • ,. .
Colorado Murderer Caught.
SAN DIEGO, April 13.— Before an audi
ence which filled the Presbyterian Church
Miss Ada Ballou, only child of Mr. and
Mrs. George H. Ballou, was married thi»
evening to Robert Lupton Crane, a prom
inent young business man of Buffalo. N.
Y. The ceremony was performed by the
Rev. R. B. Taylor. Miss Ballou was for
one year and part of a second a member
of the "Florodora" company, which is
owned and managed by John C. Fisher of
this city. She is a daughter of a former
president of the Chamber of Commerce.
Former Florodora Girl "Weds.
The Lumberman's State Bank of Ta
coraa has brought a suit in the United
States Circuit Court against G. F. Chev
alier, doing business as F. Chevalier &
Co., to recover certain moneys drawn by
the defendant on checks. The allegation
is made that during the year 1901 Cheva
lier obtained checks from the bank for
(5230 and deposited drafts as security,
which drafts were subsequently found to
be valueless.
Suit Against G. F. Chevalier.
NEW YORK, April 15.— A Sun special
from Berlin says: The Emperor and
Empress have canceled an engagement
to dine at the Austrian embassy owing
the the Emperor having undergone a sur
gical operation on his face which
prevents his appearance in society. The
operation is declared ¦• to have been of
trifling character.
EMPEROB WILLIAM
UNDERGOES OPERATION
A dead male child, perfectly nude and
about a week old, was found yesterday
afternoon In the lavatory of the ferry
ftpamer Encinal on the trip from Sa;i
Francisco to Alameda. When the steamer
arrived abreast of Goat Island a woman
informed Captain Rogers of her discov
ery, and the body was subsequently hand
ed over to Coroner Leland. The child had
been dead for several days.
Dead Baby on the Encinal.
FRESNO, April 15.— Three Deputy Sher
iffs are to-night out on a chase after a
man who for/three months has been in
the employ of Mrs. C. Inns, a vineyard
ist, residing near this city. After an ab
sence from • the ; place for several hours
he ¦ returned this evening in an intoxi
cated condition and accused Mrs. Inns of
letting his dog loose. The woman de
nied the accusation; whereupon -he fired
several shots at her with a shotgun. He
retreated to the vineyard and has rince
fired several times at persons who came
within sight of him. . Nothing is known
concerning the man, except that his first
name is Ernest. •
Shoots at Every One in Sight.
OAKLAND, April 15.— Licenses to mar
ry were issued to-day to Antone Lurz,
aged 33, and Marianna Reposa, 23, both
of Oakland; Ben L. Davis, 34, and Sarah
C. Dubose, 13, both of San . Franciso;
Morris Rasmussen. 21, Ferndale, Hum
bold t County, and Margaretha Mabsen,
18, Mount Eden.
Licensed to Marry.
While I appreciate the honor done me in
selecting me as one to serve upon that Impor
tant committee and would take pleasure in be
ing associated with the representative men
named by you to act as my colleagues In a
matter so vital to Oakland's Interests at this
time, yet I am thoroughly convinced In my
own mind that I can do better work for the
people If Ieft^tn position to act independently
of committee entanglements, when called upon
In my official capacity as Councilman to leglbV
late upon the committee's recommendations
When the matter was first broached I felt
that possibly my duty lay in accepting the ap
pointment, but more mature thought has con
vinced me that I cannot,- In Justice to myself
assume the extra burden. Yours very truly '
GEO. W. DORNIN!
Realizing, as I do, the importance of my
decision at this time to myself and to the peo
ple's Interests, I have purposely delayed my
reply in order that I might fairly digest the
matter and act Intelligently.
The Honorable the Mayor of the City of
Oakland, Anson Barstow, Esq. — Dear Sir:
Some days ago I received your valued favor of
the 10th inst. requesting me to serve with
others on a committee to Investigate ways and
means and report on- the best available water
supply for our city. .
Councilman George W. Dornin declines
to serve on the committee of seven which
was selected by Mayor Anson Barstow to
Investigate the matter of municipal own
ership of a water supply for Oakland. In
withdrawing his name Councilman Dornin
has written a formal letter" to the Mayor,
which reads, as follows: ¦ '• :•'
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111S Broadway, April 15.
The festivities arranged for the birth
day, April 19, of the Prince Consort have
been countermanded. '. . .
THE HAGUE, April 15.— The indisposi
tion of Queen Wilhelmlna, which it was
said yesterday was due to a simple cold,
is developing complications which caused
the Queen's mother to start to-day to
visit her daughter at Castle Loo. Two
physicians are in attendance on the
young Queen, and a noted gynecologist,
Professor Halbersb'erg, has been called in
for consultation.
QUEEN WELHEIiMINA
,IS SERIOUSLY ILL
Councilman Declines to
Serve on the Water
Committee.
LOS ANGELES, April 15.— One of the
handsomest trains of cars ever placed in
service in this district arrived in the yards
of the San , Pedro, Los Angeles and Salt
Lake Railroad Company to-day direct
from the shops of the -Pullman Company.
There are twelve cars in the consign
ment, which will be used in making up
three trains for the Pomona line, to be
put In service June 1 if all bridge work
is /completed by that time. Meantime the
cars may be used for excursion purposes.
In the train are three parlor cars, four
first-class coaches,' three combination
cars and two baggage coaches. The par
lor cars are finished in peacock blue color
and the chair coaches In olive green, and
the others in gold and bronze. The cars
are seventy feet in length each, with wide
aisles and non-telescoping vestibules.
Each passenger car will seat eighty-four
persons.
Handsome Train for New Road.
DORNIN REFUSES
PLACE OH LIST
The Dora Flora Sextet artlBts, direct from
Hopkins Institute. "There are no more at
home like these."
Lou Kennedy, '04, California Varsity Base
ball team, in his latest hit as "Casey at the
Bat."
Berkeley Quartet: "It's always fair weather
when good fellows get together." . \
CHS Ireland, the famous Parisian Mongolian
comedian.
Sousa's Band, after a year In Germany, In
their latest success, "Schneider's Band."
The world-renowned William McDonald, late
of the Bostonlans, assisted by U. C. Glee Club,
In selection from "Robin Hood."
McLaughiln and Sloan, the two Hebrew gen
tlemen, "Laugh and the world laughs with
you."
U. C. talent in sextet from the Royal
Rogue. Initial presentation on the amateur
stage.
C. J. Heeseman. the pride of the Elks; Lit
tle Charlie in his rag-time wobble.
Davenport. '02, and Gillen, '03, song:, direct
from A. W. Black's Auditorium.
Baker and Bush, favorite Stanford operatic
st&re, presenting an original Interpretation of
Willy Wagner.
BERKELEY, April 15.— Tickets for the
university vaudeville performance on Fri
day night will be placed on sale to-mor
row morning at the co-operative store at
the university, and may be had at that
place until 3 o'clock in- the afternoon;
Several fraternities have secured boxes
and will give parties on that evening. The
patronesses for the event are: Mrs. Ben
jamin Ide Wheeler, Mrs. Charles Wheeler,
Mrs. Charles Slack, Mrs. A. O. Luescn
ner, Mrs. George Pardee. Mrs. Warren
Olney and Mrs. Clinton Day.
The programme has been finally com
pleted and is as follows:
RedewiU's Original U. C. Orchestra, Francis
Redewlll, director.
E. Myron Wolf, '86, in his clever stunt.
"Just a Little Hot Air."
University of California Glee Club in their
latest successes.
SOME OF THE YOUNG WOMEN
WHO WILL KEEP SCORE IN
WHIST TOURNEY.
There has been a special committee se
lected from the Endeavorers which is
composed of the following members:
Chairman. John C. Suhr; secretary, Ar
thur Jones; treasurer. W. H. Jenkins;
George P. Lowell. E. C. Lyon, Dr. O. S.
Dean, Ira Sar.ford, G.' L. Letter.
As in the past, the picnic programme
will include a long list of games and out
of-door events that will entertain both
old and young.
The Enfieavorers have selected Sunset
Park, in the Santa Cruz Mountains, for
the excursion, which will be held May 17.
All of the Sunday-schools and the En
deavor societies of Alameda County have
been invited to enjoy the day in the
¦woods. Special arrangements will b«
made to prevent the overcrowding of
trains. The sale of tickets will be limited
in order that the capacity of the cars
shall not be overtaxed.
The Alameda County Christian En
deavor Union has taken charge of the
arrangements for the annual outing here
tofore held under the direction of the
Sunday-schools of Alameda County. This
year the union will conduct this picnic,
which in the past has been one of the
big outpourings of the year.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, April 15.
Features of University
Vaudeville Show Are
Announced.
Endeavorers of Alameda
County in C harge of
Arrangements.
STUDENTS READY
TO DO "STUNTS"
- PARIS, April 15.— At a Cabinet meeting
held , at the Elysees . Palace to-day the
Foreign Minister; M. Delcasse, communi
cated to his cplleagues the text of the
letter from President Roosevelt Inviting
President Loubet in the . most cordial
terms to send representatives to attend
the inauguration of the Rochambeau
monument at Washington, May 24. He
said the French Embassador at Washing
ton, Jules Cambon, had been instructed to
express to President Roosevelt the warm
thanks of President Loubet and the Gov
ernment of France and to Inform the
President that a .mission, consisting of a
general and admiral and other officers,
would be sent to the United States on
board French warships.
Rochambeau Inauguration.
tion to Send Representatives to
Paris Government Accepts Invita-
:french warships will
being the commission
ERKELEY, April 15.— The honor
of writing the extravaganza to
be produced by the graduating
students of the University -of
California on clag3 day has fallen
to Miss Llla McKinne,. a senior in the col
lege of social science. This Is the second
time Miss McKinne has achieved success
In this line during her university career.
When a junior she wrote the class farce,
"Won by. Debate," and gained consider
able fame by Its cleverness..
Much secrecy is being observed over
the nature of Miss- McKinne' s new pro
duction. ' It is said, however, to be some.
PLAN A PICNIC
TO SUNSET PARK
OAKLAND, April 15.— Whist will
be played to-morrow evening
for prizes, and a short but
interesting musical programme
¦will be given at Masonic Hall
for the benefit of St. Anthony's Church
Fletcher F. Ryer (owner) with Hansbrough &
Johnson (contractors), architect Ralph \V Hart
— All work except mantels, gas fixtures and gas
grates for a two-story, frame building (two
flats), on E line of Mason street, 49 S of Fran
cisco. S8S:C by E 00; »0170. . _• . • ,:_
¦. Winifred C. Douglas (owner) with James J
O'Brien (contractor); architect John'McHenry—
Air work' for a- two-story partly, finished attic
and . basement j frame building" (Hats), on NE
corner of Filbert and Broderick . streets , E 30
by N 137:0;' $6600.^, •> *. —
LUlte M.Naylor (owner), with. McCullough
Contracting ' Company •¦ (contractors),"- architect
James A., McCullough— All work for a, two
story frame, with concrete foundation and rough
basement andattic, on "W. line of Fourth'ave
nue, 125 N of Clement street, ;N 25 by-W 120
fl5CO.'v ¦¦¦"¦-.;¦;•• ;..:,¦. - ¦.¦¦¦/¦;. . :;••.-..¦••„. ".',
Sarah Jane McAulay towner) with G.;G..Gil-
Builders^ Contracts.
Kataryna Strozynskl (single) to Walerya
GruszeznskI, lot on SW corner of Twenty-flrst
and Sanchez streets, S 57 by W 105; $1500.
Robert C. Clark to "W. P. Hlgginbotham, lot
on NE corner of Sixteenth and Castro streets,
N 55 by E 100. $10.
Peter O'Connor to Anna Bernd, lot on E
line of Capp street, 195 N from Twenty-sixth,
N 65 by E 115; $10.
Eben C, Florence,- Minnie, Frederick S. and
Frank Stanwood.to Frank M. Parcells, all In
terest In following: Lot on W line of Diamond
street, 76 N from Nineteenth. W, 125 by,N 74;
also lot on S line of Ocean House road, distant
N 74 degrees E 63:10 from E line of Worth
street, NE . 6S--.7V 3,122, W~63:6. <N .110; also
property outside, of- county: $1.' *
Frank M. Parcellsto Eben C, Frederick S.
and Francis M. Stanwood, »Florence S. Miller
Maria F. Beamdn and Mabel S. Falco (1-aoth
each), undivided one-sixth of same; $1.
Honora McDonough vs. Maria L. Roach (by
O. F. von Rheln, Harrison A. Jones and R. H.
Fitzgerald, referees) to Maria L. - Roach, lot
on SW corner of Clipper and Diamond streets,
W 160 by S 114; also lot on W line of Gambler
street. 200 S of Sillman, W 120, N 200, W 120,
S 400, E 240. N 200. lots 3 to 8. block 145.
University, Mound; also lot on SW corner of
Sillman and Madison streets, W 174:7 S 120:4
S 301:5. E 240, N 400/ block 140. same; also lot
on SW corner of Henry and Knox streets. W
43. 8 343:7, S 118:6. E 240. N 400. block 149,
same; also lot on SE line of Precita avenue,
1186:6 NK of Columbia place, NE 180 by SE
SCO. Precita Valley lots 234 to 236; also lot on
N line of Precita avenue at SE corner of Pre
cita Valley lot 24, E 210 . by N 198. Precita
Valley lots 20 and 23; also property outside of
county; $7125. ,'
Mary Glynn to Mary A. Glynn, lot on W line
of Stockton street. 84:6 N of Lombard. N 25
by W 85; also lot' 1465, gift map 4; gift.
Charles H. Hastings to Warring Wilkinson,
lot on SW corner of Stockton and Sutter streets.
S 20 by W U0; $1.
Lizzie M. H. Holme (Hastings) - (wife of
Leicester) to same, same; $1. ,
Warring and Florence W. Wilkinson to Ed
ward H. Kittredge, lot on SW corner of Sutter
and Stockton streets, S 60 by W 00; $10. ; v
Grace and Joseph "Pedler to O. H. Greenwald^
lot on E line of Mason street. 100 S of Ellis,
S 65 by E 68:0; $10. i
Daniel J. Edgar to Emily C. Edgar, lot on
N line of Broadway. 107:6 E of Hyde, E 20
by N CO; also lot on S line of Randolph street,
50 E of Vernon, E CO by S 100, lots 27 and 28.
block H City Land Association; also lot on S
line of Silliman street, 107 W of Berlin. W 2«
by S 100, lot , 18. block 17, Railroad Avenue
Homestead Association; also lot on NE llnoof
Mohawk street; 120 NW of Knights place, NE
120 by NW 40; gift. '-•..¦• . . . •
R. S. Browne to Florence A. Browne, lot on
S line of Stevenson street. 57:6 NE of Third.
NE 120, SE (it). SW 20. SE <il). SW 74:0, NW
88 SW 4 NW 31. SW 21:6, NW C9; $10. • ;
Gustaviis W. Beckh to Angelica Beckh. lot
on SE corner of Third and Stevenson streets,
SE 69 by NE 67:6; gift. -:• .
Bettlo S. Smith (wife) to James J,. Smith,
undivided V* of lot. on SE line of Market street,
400 SW of Third. SW 25 by SE 100; also undi
vided V± of lot on NW line of Stevenson street,
395 SW of Third. SW 20 by NW 70; gift.
Gustavus ¦ W. Beckh to Angelica Beclth, lot
on SE line of Market street, 175 SW of. Fifth,
SW 25 by SE 100; gift. r
"Mary Plercy to E. M. Plercy, lot on N line of
Howard street,' 800:3 NE of Sixth, NE 00:3.
NW 160, W 50. SE 80. SW 0:3. SE 80;also lot
on N line of Third street, 80 NW of Mission,
SE 77:6, NW 20, SW 77:6, SE 20;. also undi
vided half of lot on N line of Horner (Twenty
third) street, CO E of Guerrero, E 100 by N 114;
gift. : ¦ ¦ ¦- . • ' •- :.
Henry Northrup to James P. and Ella Me
Manus lot on N line of California street, .45 W,
of Twenty-first avenue, W 25 by N-100; $1O> .:
Frank W. find -Emma A. Fuller to Caroline
C. Plohn, lot on E line of Twenty-sixth avenue,
236 N of California street, N DO by E 120; $10.
Same to Shirley O. Johnson, lot on E line of
Twenty-sixth avenue, 280 N of California
street, N 50 by E 120; $10.
S. S. and Annie M; Rwd io II. L. Boldt, lot
on W line of Ninth avenue, 125 S of I street, S
25 by W 120; $10. •; . :
John and. : Sarah J. ¦ Graves and Henry .and
Sarah N. Carreg to . Benjamin and ¦ Elizabeth
Byron, lot on E line of Tenth avenue, 125 S of
K street;' S 25 by E 120. warranty <Wdr $10.
- Carrie and Ben Walton to Wlllard C. pruson
Outside Lands block bounded by Seventeenth
and Eighteenth avenues, W and X streets,; quit
claim deed: ?410. . ' . • . ,
• J. W. Wright & Sons , Investment Company
to Daniel E. Saunders, lot on SK line of Lon
don street; 75 SW of Brazil avenue. SW 26 by
SK 100. block 12. Excelsior Homestead; $10
John and Mary A. Mugge^ city and ' County
of San Francisco. James. J. McKenzie. Rauer
Law- and Collection Company, D. E.' Beseckef
(by. Carl, W. Eltvlng, commissioner) to William
Nicol,' lot on NW corner of Bosworth and Rous
seau streets, W P0.N 90, NE.64, S 112:3' lots
1 and 2, block B, De Boom Tract: $1020. . : *'.
,-M. J.Lee to Hermann Mepse, lot on N corner
of FranciB street and Telegraph road (Mission)
NWlOOby NE. 200, lots 70 to 82. , Academy
Tract; $10. ¦' ¦•• - ' ¦ • • . -,
H. A. and Ora R. Bates to D. E. Saunders
lot 24 and S half, of lot 22, Gift Map 2- $225 '
Theodor Daman to Hedwlgr Daman (wife),
lot on S line of Oak street, 131:3 W from
Scott. W 50 by S 137:6; grift.
Margaret Alex to Arthur Stevens, lot on W
line of Scott street, 100 S from Hayes, S 25 by
W 100; ?10.
J. "W. Reay to William Matthews, lot on NE
corner of Hayes and Clayton streets, E 206:3,
N 137:6. W 100, S 12:6, W 106:3, S 125; also
lot on S line of Hayes street, 63:6 W from
Ashbury. W 28:6, S to Sellgman's fence, SE to
point, N to beginning; also lot on SE corner of
Grove and Cole streets, E 100 by S 127:5; also
lot on S line of Grove street, 162:6 W from
Clayton, W 25, S 258:4, SE 25:4%, N 266:10%;
*10.
Owen J. Redmond to Rose and I. Freeman,'
lot on SW line of Juniper street, 275 NW from
Bryant. NW 25 by SW 85; flO.
Bettie S. Smith (wife) to James J. Smith,
lot on E line of Dolores street. 178 N from
Nineteenth, N 137, E 110, N 3, E 110, S 140,
W 220; gift. - , •
Edward H. and Idelle G. Mitchell to O. M. V.
Roberts, lot on S line of Borland street, 88 E
from Church, E 25 by S 100; ?10.
TUESDAY, APRIL 15.
SEATTLE, April 15.— Before leaving
China to cross the Pacific to Seattle, the
officers and crew of the Nippon Yusen
liner Rio Jun underwent the terror of be
ing confined aboard ship with a number
of cases of cholera. The disease was con
tracted by several Japanese seamen dur
ing the first day the vessel was In port
at Hongkong. Before the Hongkong phy
sicians could get the small epidemic under
control, six men had been stricken. Three
died within a few hours. The remaining
three were removed from the vessel and
cared for in a hospital in Hongkong. The
big liner was thoroughly fumigated, and
each member of the crew was examined
before she proceeded on the voyage.
perience.
Have a Dangerous Ex-
Officers and Crew of a Pacific Liner
CONFINED ON SHIP
WITH CHOLERA CASES
Ben Reed, chairman; Miss Grace
Woods, Miss Eugenia Mouser. Miss Maud
Wilde, Miss Edna Wyckoff, Miss Bessie
Pratt, George Mansfield, F. F. Foster and
F. H. Dakln.
The committee in charge of the after*
noon, exercises, and which had the selec
tion of the play in hand, is composed ot
the following named:
Class day this year will fall on May 10.
The extravaganza will be given in Ben
Weed's amphitheater, back of the chem
istry building, at 2 p. m. All of the grad
uates will take part.
Miss McKinne is one of the few women
students to claim authorship of a class,
day play. Her production is SaJa to be of
a h*gh tone of refinement seldom reached
by extravaganzas, and at the same time
to contain all the elements of wit, humor
and the ridiculous which go to make
them a success.
thing entirely out of the line followed by
past extravaganzas. Heretofore tne
class-day play has represented something
in the nature of a demon dragon, "Fac
ulty,' holding captive the fair creature.
"Diploma," who is rescued by the valiant
classmen, or an Aztec or Chinese cere
mony, in which the ancient priests burn
incense in order that the wrath of the
gods may be alleviated, or the fourth
birthday of the child, "Ki Yippi Kl Yi,"
is celebrated. Usually these plays have
been written by masculine students, with
the burlesque and humor which comes
from the masculine sense.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
CO-ED WHO JVIL.L WRITE THE
EXTRAVAGANZA TO BE PRO
.DUCED BY GRADUATING CLASS.
Aa father and son and their following
filed out of the courtroom they kept up a
continual wrangling. The son tried to
reason wtih his father, but the parent
would have none of it.
"This man may. not be insane," said
Judge Ellsworth at the conclusion of the
testimony, "but he is a rogue. His deal
ings with men show him "to be dishonest.
The commission decides that he should be
released."
S Another thing H . that- disclosed the old
man's cupidity was his connection with a
subscription for funds with which to light
for the release of his. friend, Adam Smeg
ner, from San Quentin. Witnesses told
how he gathered money from sympathetic
people and then forgot to apply it for the
purpese. intended.. "He denied the charge,
however, that he - had kept the money
for himslf. ,
' But these witnesses did not do the old
man much good. Ono of them told how
he had been sent to San Quentin for two
years for forgery, committed in San Fran
cisco. The -son corroborated this story
and that brought vituperation down on
his head.' • ' •; " ¦ .¦¦-. ¦
The ' examination was begun yesterday,
when the father said his son was trying
to get rid of. him by railroading him to an
asylum. : He was allowed to have wit
nesses to-day in his behalf.
These bitter words came from the lips
cf Charles T. Jensen to-day in Judge Ells
worth's court, where the old man was
being examined- on a charge of insanity
preferred by his son, Major Charles Jent
sen of Lorin, formerly 4n' command of a
battalion In the First California Regi
ment. : : ¦• • •: ¦¦ - .;
/'You. are the biggest monster on earth:
You would go against your old fatherl
You are a . worse ingrate than Agrippa.
You perjured yourself to send your father
to San Quentin." . • -'
Oakland Office Sari; Francisco Call;
>'^V V ¦ 1118 Broadway, April 15.
Declares Perjured Testimony
' Put Him Behind Bars
of Prison. ¦
Mrs. Hugh Hogan, Mrs. T. P. Hogan,' Mrs.
M. J. Keller. Mrs. John Hanlon. * Miss Josie
Nesbitt, Miss Mary Mofntt.<Mlss Loretta Kirk.
Mire Lucy Donovan, Miss Emma Kane, Miss
Ada Kenna, Miss Mary Lambert and * Mis3
Beatrice Albert!. - . ' • ;
The ladles in charge of the. function are:
Miss Margaret Neale, Miss Mary McDonald.
MIfs Inez Reed. Miss Kathleen Lynch. Miss
Grace Cox, Miss May Hogan, Miss Bertha
Grandjean, Miss Maud Stevens. Miss Marlon
Turner. Miss Hazel Hogan, Miss Katherine
Kirk, Miss Clarice Graves, Miss Margaret
Nolan, Miss Nellie Peters, Miss Mamie Mar-
CPiino. Miss Nlta Koenig Miss Loretta Knapp,
Miss Minnie Nolan. Miss. Josie Wheelanrt. Miss
Virginia Tyrrell. Miss Gertrude Flanigan, Miss
Clco Casey and Miss -Isabel Kenna.
Following; the musical programme whist
will be played for a series of valuable
prizes. Mrs. Hugh Hogan will be in
charge of the whist games, and will an
nounce the . scores. She will be assisted
by the following young ladies, who will
act as scorers: ; •'-'•:
In order that all visitors may be amused
a musical programme will precede the
whist play. . Miss Josie Nesbitt has ar
ranged the musical numbers of the even
ing, and they will include both vocal and
instrumental selections.
In East Oakland. 'The ladies of ' the
church have had the function In-prepa
ration for some time, and they are deter
mined to make it a social and financial
success. • . < .
Aged Charles T. Jensen
Visits Wrath Upon
His Son.
Ladies of St* Anthony's Church in East Oakland Arrange a Social
Function Which Promises to Be a Financial Success*
MAY BE A ROGUE
BUT HE IS SANE
CARDS AND MUSIC WILL AFFORD
ENTERTAINMENT FOR THE GUESTS
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, WEDI^BAY, APRIL 16; 1902.
Miss Lila McKinne, Who Wrote Junior Farce for
- University, Exercises Her Talents Again.
CLASS-DAY EXTRAVAGANZA
IS WRITTEN BY A WOMAN
C
9
POSTUM CEBJLAX.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
<O
fills signature is on every box ot the genafaw
Laxative Bromo-Quinine Table*
Uv j remedy that cores * cold to ••»• 4.<ks>
SECTD A POSTAL FOR A FREB
SAMPLE OF HELLUI'S FOOD.
Mellin's Food Co., Boston, Mass.
does not overtax the in-
fant's stomach with in-
soluble, indigestible or
unsuitable material.
"You never saw such a surprised man.'
He said, 'Well, if the good coffee I have
had is Postum, and leaving off regular
coffee has made such a change In jny
health. I never want any j other kind In
my bouse.' Since then he regularly pre-
scribes Postum to many of his patients,
and with good results." Name given by
Postum Co.. Battle Creek, Mich.,
"From that time I served him Postum
at every meal, and in the course of a
week or two he showed such remarkable
signs of improvement In health and
strength that I told him he had been
drinking Postuza from the time be had
b«?j?un to eet better. ; '';*'¦¦
Sometimes the wife of a doctor can
bring her husband around when he dort't
know exactly how to help himself. The
wife of a certain well known phyeician In
Washington, D. C, concluded "that coffee
was the cause of the doctor's sleepless
nights. She says: "He would retire and
lie for hours, unable to sleep a wink. I
thought perhaps he was nervous from the
coffee which he drank at his meals and
suggested that he try Postum. To my
eurprise he objected most decidedly. I
Eaid nothing, but the next morning made
Postum Coffee instead of the regular cof-
fee and gave that to the doctor. I made
it according to directions and it had . a
beautiful coffee color and flavor. He
drank his cup and remarked that the cof-
fee was unusually good that morning and
askfd for more.
Doctors' Wives Trained to Arrange
Things. •
HOW THEY MANAGE.THE SAN FRANCISQO CALL, J WEDNESDAY,^ 16^ 1902.
10
¦'"~_"^^_ _/".~^~ FLATS *TO "LET. [ '-'_"_¦[ _ ¦¦¦¦ _'_
FINE 6-room flat;, inside 'porch and storeroom;
; marine vie*; yard; natural wood finish; $35.
s 1316 Green/ t.t. ) ;
LOWER flat; '3;, choice sunny rooms; pantry,
v storeroom. $12.. 2419 Clay st, near Fillmore.
LAGUNA, 2922. near - Union— Lower flat \ 5
rooms, and bath; $11. .
NEW ¦< modern sunny - flat ; ' yards and base-
ments; near Park. 257 Carl >t.. nr. Stanyan.
-FLATS FOH SALE — :• LK.\iSH.i£ll.
-- - i ,' ,, ¦¦¦,..,-¦¦- . - . . - r - ri - -.- V- - -.-j-.nj-
ELEGANTLY furnished v flat; choice location;
,6 rooms; cost $1500; sell less than half; don't
fail to gee.- Rooms 226-227 Parrott building.
" i FOR -.SALE. _
AT CAVANAGH Furniture Co..'84S and. 850
Mission st. — Special inlaid linoleum, 65c yard;
couches. $3; stoves, $5;chairs. 35c; bed sets,
$8 and up; 4 rms. furn., oak, $48, No. 7 stove.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak, $48 50, with No. 7
. range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
$100^ — 9 FURNISHED rooms, bar' and fixtures.
ROGERS. 61 Tehama St., upstairs; rent $16.
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission st., pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
D. & F. BLACK suede gloves; best in the world;
warralnted; kept in repair. 121 Grant ave.
ATC. R. HANSEN & CO.'S.. Phone Grant 185
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
Housekeeper, springs, see boss here between
10 and 11 a. -m....;
Head waitress, same place $35
10 waitresses, same place .....$29
2 waitresses, mining town, fare advanced.$20
50 waitresses, city and country. $20-$30
Cook, ; summer resort, for last part May. .$40
Laundress, same' place, fare paid $30
Chambermaids and chambermaids to wait$20
.FAMILY PEPARTMENT.
. Cooks.'- housegirls, second ..girls, nurse girls,
* ' who are looking for positions for either city
or country, can obtain same at best of wages
by applying to ; -
C. R. HANSEN & CO...... .. ..429 Bush tt
(Opposite California Hotel and Theater.)
MRS. M. E. PAY Phone- Main 1575
HOTEL PEPARTMENT.
Head., waitress, . commercial, hotel, . $35; 3
> waitresses, same place, $25, fares paid; head
¦ waitress, first-class • grill room, $30, fare
paid; 6 waitresses, 'first-class, springs, $25
and $20; 8 waitresses, commercial and city
hotels, ?25 and $20; 2 restaurant waitresses,
$7 and' $8; chambermaid, country, $20; 3
chambermaids to wait, $20.
5 . FAMILY PEPARTMENT.
Cook, $30, no washing, Menlo Park; second
girl, same place; cook and second girl, 2 ln
family. $45, to go south,, see lady here;
chambermaid, private family, Santa Cruz,
$20, , no waiting. MRS. M. E. ¦- DAY, 335
Geary st. ¦ . . .
WANTED— 15 cooks. $25-$30-$35; 12 second
-girls, $20-$25; 3 nurses, $20-$25; IS wait-
resses, $20-$25; laundress, $25; and a large
number of girls for all kinds of work. Tor
i city' and country; good wages, $20-?25-$30>
Call early to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 331
i Sutter st. ..:.-.¦¦... . ,
LEON ANDRE...;.. 316 Stockton St
Waitress and parlor maid," country.... :„ $30
German cook ..$35
10 cooks. German style $30
Second girls -. $25-$20
Laundress and assist housework .....$25
50 girls for housework. ...;. $20-$25
COAST EMPLOYMENT CO.. ~~* ~~
„„„ 5°2 Taylocst; phone Black 2194.
MRS. KERR AND COZZENS.
3 waitresses, springs, $20: woman helper,
kitchen, $20, room and board.
Woman, general housework, . $20; chamber-
mald. assist waiting, country. $20. .
A LAUNPRESS. $25; 6 second girls. $25 and
$20; cooks, $30 and $35; 50 house girls, $20
and $25; waitress. $20; mother and daughter
MRS. NORTON. -313 Sutter St.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, r. 12
— Waitress, • country, $20.
OPERATORS on women's wrappers and
Bios/, P r O k:t er st Bteady MARKS -
WANTEP — Girls to work on gloves
not necessary. A. S. BLOCH & CO. 60S
Fourth st. / ' ¦ ,
GIRL wanted for general housework; German
¦preferred. 1713 Leavenworth st; call at
bakery.
.WANTEP — Trimmers for ready-to-wear and
sailor hats. Apply Union Hat Co., 29 Second
street. -
OPERATORS on overalls; experience not neces-
sary. LEVI STRAUSS & CO., 32 »4 Fremont
St. MR. DAVIS. :
A — WANTED — Girl ln photograph gallery.
Address box. 1565, Call office. . .. .
FIRST-CLASS alteration ; hands. E. MESSA-
.. GER. -145 Post st. ~ - — ,,
25 GIRLS for dancing, at 906 Market St., room
17; hours 2 to 5.
GIRL fcr general housework in a small fam-
ily. 1540 Buchanan st.
NEAT young girl for. general housework; $20.
750 Castro st, near Twenty-first
GERMAN girl for general housework and wash-
ing. Apply 10 to 12 a. m., 1502% California.
WANTED— A flrst-class arm waitress- SS Der
week. BREUSS CAFE. 70 Third St. .
FINISHERS on Coats, $12 per, week; also ap-
prentlce. 344 Tehama st. .
YOUNG girl to clean and help ln kitchen work:
positively no cooking asked. 177 Seventh st.
WANTEP— A young girl to assist in' light
housework. Call 793 Stevenson st
WANTEP — Second girl for country; $15. Ap-
ply 2210 Central ¦ ave. ; carfare.
GIRLS about 1G years of age will find plenty
of good-paying work. LEVI STRAUSS &
CO.. 32% Fremont St. .MR. DAVIS.
WANTED— A flrst-class waitress at 605 O'Far-
rell st. . , A
WANTEP — Girl as cook ln family of five. 2320
'. Clay st. near' Webster.
WANTED — Reliable middle-aged woman; per-
manent position for one year. Box 1474, Call.
STENOGRAPHER, typewriter; i wages $20 per
month. Box 1473,\Call office. . « .
APPRENTICES on custoni coats wanted. S. N.
WOOD & CO., 27 Geary st.
RELIABLE girl to learn, trade; light factory
work; $4 week. 411 Commercial St., top floor.
GIRL for general housework; small family.
1510 Pine st. .
OPERATORS- on agents' custom and stock
shirts. 535 Valencia st.
OPERATORS on golf and dress shirts; highest
prices., P. C. HEGER, 723 Market st.
A GOOD maker '.wantid In millinery : store , at
C02 McAllister st \
WANTED— An experienced finisher on coat 3.
No.- 3 Brook St.. room 5, over 738 Market st.
M ANGLER ¦ girls wanted. Apply 3372 Mission
/ St., French Laundy Co. I '
WANTEP— 5 girls to learn hairdresslng, mani-
curing, massage and hair work; only 2 weeks
-required; bring ad; ccsts only $3 50; 3 posi-
tions waiting; private, customers assure $50
to $75 per. month; -day and 'evening class.
: College. 233 Geary , >t. - rooms 13-15.
WANTED — Girl or young woman to do light
housework in Alameda; 5-room cottage; 2 In
¦ family ; . good home - for right ¦ person ; wages
$10 per month. . 2045 San Antonio ave.. Ala-
meda. • ".". • * '->.'."¦'¦. '¦ --. \- ¦
GOOD skirt and waist hands wanted Imme-
diately. 1106 Market st •
pPERATORS on overalls; experience not neces-
sary. LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. 32% Fremont
¦t. »1R. DAVIS. -¦--•¦-
GIRL, general. housework;. plain cooking; two
' in family; no children; good wages. 3823
Nineteenth st, bet. Church and Sanchez.
EXPERIENCED operators .. on ladles' neck-
wear; good. pay. BAUER BROS. &¦ CO. 21
Sansome st. : ¦;.; ¦ . • ' -
EXPERIENCED operators -on waists; steady
-work; good pay. - BAUER BROS.' & CO. 21
Sansome st. ¦ . v~ ;
A— TRIMMERS. -makers and salesladies want-
eil. MRS. E.: LYNCH,; 1003 Market st.
WANTED-^Halrdrcsser. 1036. Market st.
FIRST-CLASS - finishers ' on coats wanted. , S
N. WOOD & CO.. 27 Geary st
WAITRESS . wanted at 1700 Devlsadero St.- $6
-week.>...; •, ¦. v ..---:. ;:¦•;.;.. ¦ ¦ ... . ;
RESPECTABLE girls for chocolate dipping
¦£ and . other work In candy factory. 224 Bat-
, ; tery st. • . ¦ , ¦¦¦¦;, ¦ ,
FIRST-CLASS operator on pants; steady em-
ployment. 541 .Market St.- ¦¦
FIRST-CLASS stenographer; state experience
.-. and where last • employed. ¦-¦ Box 4807, : Call.
GIRL wanted ¦ for, mercantile office; experience
not necessary. Address box 1572. 'Call dTflce.
PANTS finisher wanted at 253% Stevenson st,
. between Third and Fourth, f -
GIRL for general housework. 45 Bartlett'st ,'
GOOD • operator and finishers, on custom pants;
** steady work. .-. 854 Howard st - • - •
; GIRL : for " general > housework ; small family ;
¦'.wages $16. > -2041.Plne st. , •' • ' •
GERMAN i girl for cook and light housework :
;. .* wages $25. .: . 1817J California . st. ... . . s * -:• ¦• .
FINISHERS : on : cloaks - wanted Immediately.
M.' SIMINOFF. .1228 Market: st. ¦
14-R00M bouse; a sacrifice If sold before April
- 16; house just renovated and handsomely fur-
nished with entirely new furniture through-
out. Apply rooms 226-227. Parrott building,
fifth floor. ..,,..
I SPIRITUALISM.
A — C. V. MILLER, world's famous materializ-
ing medium; spirits speak face to face; seance
Tues., Fri., Sun., 8 p. m.; 60c. 1084 Bush st
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium ;
life reader; medical clairvoyant; sittings. $1;
letter, $2. 1164 O'Farrell st: Ellis car. ¦
MRS. HUBBARD, 109 Oak— Circle Tuesday and
Friday, 8 p. m.; Wednesday, ladies, 2:30 p.
m., 10c; readings daily, 50c.
BROCKWAY'S seance to-night; every one re-
celves tests with full names 1052 Ellis.
CONSULT J. Keller, divine healer, 408 Golden
Gate ave.; all diseases cured; hours 10-4, 7-9.
ETHEL CRINDLE— Materializing and vocal
seance Wednesday eve. ; 50c. 325 Ellis st.
Mrs. Seal, spiritual and bus. medium; tobacco
habit cured or no pay. Avondale. 1424 Market.
EDWARD EARLE. 328 Ellis; readings daily;
•phone Polk 1601; seance Sunday andThurs.
FRIENDSHIP Hall, 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer: sittings dally: test to all to-night: 10c
CLAIRVOYANTS. •
MME. E. BERNARD,"' ! \ t
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third st, next Examiner bldg.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accurate
description of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur in the fu-
ture. If you are in trouble, discontented, I un-
happy or not satisfied in y life, or have domestic,
love or business troubles, consult this great me-
dium and you will be tojd how to overcome
them. Valuable advice lnTall affairs of life; 25c
up; satisfaction guaranteed. Tel. Black 4560.
PROFESSOR BROESKE. 205 Turk St.
¦Scientific Palmist and Clairvoyant. Special
rates for a short time only. 50c— $1 — 50c — $1 —
50c — $1 — 50c — $1. This well-known life reader
convinces all, gives advice all affairs of Inter-
est; business, love, marriage, speculation, in-
vestments, change. Y,our past, present, future
read. Are you interested palmistry, clalrvoy'cy,
psychology? Broeske'a College stands peerless.
LIFE READING 1 week, ladles 50c, gents $1;
PROF. WELLER'S COLLEGE; clairvoyant,
scientific palmist, card reader; advice on busi-
ness, speculation, love, domestic troubles; set-
tles lovers' quarrels, reunites separated, tells
whom you will marry; how to win manor wo-
man you love; mail $1: send date birth, lock
hair, 6 questions. 1007% Market, near Sixth.
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket Bt, cor. Golden Gate ave., rooms 25 and
26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail; send stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Daily and Sunday.
ISMAR, the Egyptian Gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op-
posite Sixth; private readings dally, 10 a. m.
to 5 p. m. Sundays from 10 to 12 a. m. .
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant* card
reader, born with double veil — second sight;
diagnoses diseases with life readlng;ladles 50c,
gents $1; palm, and clalr. sit. $1 50. 128 Turk.
A — MISS M. WILLE, 326A Ellis; clairvoyant/
crystal seer; reads your life correctly without
ques.; full names; 50c-$l; 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
MRS. CARL STEPHANS, clairvoyant and card
reader. 104 Fell, near Van Ness; readings
dally 10 a.m. to 8 p.m.; ladles 50c; gents $1.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
| advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st. i |
A — Mrs. Melvill, wonderful clairvoyant, water
reader. 1\ Cth; German spoken; hours, 9 to 9.
MME. ODELL, clairvoyant; cards & tea leaves
read accurately; L. 25c, G. 50c. 521% Eddy.
MRS. MALLORY. 917 Howard, clairvoyant and
spirit card reader; consult me; L. 25c; G. 50c.
CARD reading and astrology. 148 6th st, room
22. second floor: horoscopes cast by mail. .
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant card reader; Iadle3
25c, gents 50c; readings dally. 132 Sixth st
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader from Louisiana;
only 10c: from 1 to 8. 262 Minna st. nr. 4th.
CAR PET JBE ATI?> [G AXD CLjgAXIX «.-
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 353-357 Tehama st. ; tel. South 40.
Karlson Karpet Co. — Cleaning 3c yd. ;upholster-
ing.1213 Market,betSth&9th;teI.Howard 2912.
American Carpet-beating Works — Cleaning, 3c;
renovated, relald. 104 14th et ; tel. Capp 3524.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
RPDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works: prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st; tel.Mlsslon 263.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS. Mgr., S8-40 Sth St.; tel. South 250.
CALIFORNIA Carput-beatlng Co., J. McQueen,
proprietor. 329 Guerrero St.; teL Mission 49.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-cleaning Works.
333 Golden Gate ave.; telephone East 126. .
J. B. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaningr and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 14th St.; tel. Mission 74.
CARPE.\TER~ AXD JODDER.
JOBBING, office and store fitting wanted by an
Eastern carpenter; reasonable. Box 4931, Call.
COLLECTION OFFICES. *4 ~~
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No~~charge
unless successful. Room 310. 927 Market st."
COTTAGES TO LET.
$22— FURNISHED- cottage, 0 rooms' and bath;
within walking distance of local. 1182 East
19th st.. East Oakland. 23d-ave. station.
ARMY, 30& — Cottage of 5 rooms and bath-'
large yard; basement. • ' ¦ - *
/
A— DR. T. S. HIGGINS, 027"MTrk^'ItTiinnia
Spreckels bids. — Painless dentistry at reason-
able prices: pure gold fillings, $1 BO; other fill-
ings, $1; gold and porcelain crowns, $5 up-
plates, a full set of teeth that look natural
and guaranteed, $5 up. . .
Painless extraction.
.1 do first-class work only and guarantee it.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or filling by my won-
derful secret painless method; 20 years' ex-
perience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed ; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farreli st
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Market, cor
4th. r. 7, Flood bldg.; extractions done pain-
lessly; teeth without plates our specialty; gold
crowns $3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50
' up; office hours. 0 a. m. to 9 p. m. ; Sundays
9 to 2. J. W. THATCHER, D.D.S., Manager."
EASY Dental Parlors, 6 Turk st, cor. Mason—
Expert painless extractors; skilled operators;
gas given : lady attendant. \ R. C. ANDER-
EON, P.P. S., proprietor and manager..
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crownE, $3 50; fillings, 50c;
plates, $5. full set; all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth, st.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 50c.
DR.R.L. WALSH, 847 . Geary, nr. Larkin— Paln-
less ext, BOc; plates $5 up; phone Polk' 1135.
PR. E. P. SHEPARP, 14 Geary st — Expert
workmanship only; reasonable; hours 10 to 4.'
MEYER. 40 O'Farrell, late of 6 Turk st. —
Crown and bridge work; gas speclallyt.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOTTNG. 1841 Polk st , ¦ '
DRESSMAKERS ASP SEAMSTRK S SE S
McOOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School;
corBet-making taught: patterns cut. 1019 Mkt.
„ J E _° >UCA ' riOIVAIi '
HKALD'S SCHOOL bF^ELECT r RICAL' ENGI-
NEERING — Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion, laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
practical; day and night 24 Post st, S. F. ;
catalogue free.
AYRES' Leading Business College, 723 Market
— $8 per month; $50 life scholarship guaran-
tees a complete bus.' education; shorthand, 1 '
typing, bookkeeping, arithmetic,' penmanship,
spelling, Spanish, etc.; experienced teachers;
new typewriters; positions secured: cat. free.
KEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES, 24 POST ST.;
¦ S. F. — Thorough courses; complete equipment-
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day and night; catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges; references,' President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building. -
A — THE official reporters of Supreme Court ad-
vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHER-
MARSH COLLEGE. Is this adylce ¦ worth
following? Life scholarship $50; catalogue. .
FRENCH lady knowing perfectly ¦ French lan-
eyafre gives- Iesson3 at pronunciation r and
writing to little boys and girls. 831 Sutter
Bt: WM. BERTH. , - v.; <
ACTING, elocution, .specialties; Hallet School,-
associated with theatrical agency securing
positions. Alcazar, building. 120 O'Farrell St.,
ENGINEERING— Civil; elec, mining, mech. sur-
•vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve.; est. 1804. Van
, der Nallien School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
ACCOUNTING— Most thorough course on coast;
beginners and . college • graduates : perfected.
TARR. expert accountant. 210 Parrott bldg.
CALIFORNIA Business College; most thorough
. modern methods; positions for all graduates-
new CO-page catalogue free. : 305 Larkin st*
STENOGRAPHY. & typewriting; individual in-
struction; Pitman system; $5 mo. 1317Folsom.
SPANISH, French.etc.Prof.DeFIlippe'sAcademy
• ; of Lan&uages,320Post;estab'd 1871 ;ablest profs."
BUSINESS CHAyCES--Contlnued. '
A — IF you want to sell your store, saloon, coal
yard, routes of any kind or any other legiti-
mate business or want a partner ln any f air-
paying business see K. KENNY. 75 Third st
Cash customers waiting; established 1868. '¦
A— K. KENNY. 75 Third st, has the following '
safe-paying business . investments :
$1600 — Partner wanted to keep slain ac-
counts and assist in looking after hired help
In a first-class livery and boarding stable;
established 30 years; guaranteed by owner
to be clearing over $300 per month; stock of
horses, buggies, etc., worth $4000; no previous
experience required; too much for one man
to look after.
$400 — Partner wanted ln a handsomely
fltted-up oyster and chop house on Market
st; fine business; no previous experience re-
quired; must be a steady man.
$1000 — Butcher shop; a great chance; retail
trade of 6 cattle per week; fine location; best
" reasons for selling.
$1000 — Coal wnpd, hay and grain business;
best stand in theNclty; has a fine trade; 22
stalls let to steady men.
$475 — Fine candy store: choice location; No.
1 theater and general trade; clears $100 per
month; owner sick in hospital. * .
$300 — Saloon; well located;. on Third st: 2
living rooms; good business; low rent
$300 — Corner cigar store; prominent busi-
ness street; sure to clear over $75 per month;
low rent; fine paying laundry i agency con-
nected.
$250-^Branch bakery and dairy produce
store; any lady can run It; choice corner lo-
cation; clears $60 month; nice living rooms.
$«00 — Partner wanted to attend to the tak-
ing \f cash in a fine business on best busi-
ness street; doing a large trade; owner will
guarantee over $100 per month clear to each
and Increasing; too much for one to attend
to; full value given and a good man to be
connected with; no previous experience re-
quired. Apply K. KENNY. 75 Third St.
A— JOSEPH STRAUB,
850 Market Bt., cor. Stockton.
Telephone Grant 177.
Real Estate Agent
Property Bought and Sold.
Rents Collected.
Loans Negotiated.
Legitimate Business Agent
GREAT bargain; saloon; $1300; daily receipts
$16 to $25: fine location; old-established place.
Inquire 1016 Market St.. room 10.
A SMALL, fresh stock of cigars and tobacco
will be sold to-day at 10 per cent below cost
at 205 Third st. room 3. Call from 10 to 4.
FOR sale — Good-paying first-class saloon; con-
tinued illness of proprietor cause of selling;
na agents. Address box 146L Call office.
WANTED — Party to put ln small mill; cut
lumber on percentage. Box 4938. Call office.
AN established paying medical specialist's busi-
ness for sale at a bargain; clearing $5000 a
year; name, lease, good will, furniture, fix-
tures, etc., all go; opportunity^ given for in-;
vestigation to those who mean 'business; sat-
isfactory reasons for selling. Box 4511, Call.
$25f- WILL buy a half interestMn a flrst-class
Frtnch restaurant connected with a large ho-
tel; location all that can be desired; the
whole can be bought if desirtd. Address box
1032, Call office.
$3000— HARDWARE store paying well; Io^
cated ln growing, prosperous town; sales
average $13,000 per annum; profits net 33 1-3
per cent; expenses light; invoice if desired;
must sell; make offer; no agents. 4922, Call.
FOR SALE: — Grocery and fruit store In thrifty
town 10,000 Inhabitants with monthly pay
loll of $120,000: stock, fixtures, wagons, etc,
will invoice $1700; good reasons for selling.
Address Grocery, box 165. Vallejo, CaL
FOR sale — Branch bakery, notions, candy and
school supplies, living rooms partly furnished;
established many years; change of business
cause of sale; no agents. Box 4926, Call.
TO let — Good corner restaurant, partly fur-
nished; rent cheap; aleo bakery, furnished;
good chance for baker. 1535 or 1520 Seventh
Bt. (formerly Webster), West End, Alameda.
FOR sale or exchange — Roadhouse, a short
distar.ee from San Francisco. Inquire 513
Pacific st
$9000 — FINE grocery and saloon for sale: at
terminus of car line; with house and 4 lots;
reasonable to right party. Box 481S, Call.
FOR Sale^ — Outside route this 1 paper; call from
6 to 7 p. m. ; Saturday and Sunday excepted.
827 Shotwell st.
$3150 — FOR sale; well-established plumbing
business; building, and good stock all go;
must sell because sickness. Box 4925, Call.
$300— COFFEE and chop house; fine chance "for
man and wife to make money; don't miss it
to-day. Business Board Trade, 326 Pine st
BARBER shop for sale; boss is sick. ' 1S1
Minna st. -
GROCERY and bar and 3 living rooms; cheap.
64 Rausch st ' . .
1000 MONTEZUMA mining shares for sale. G32
Green st. Cat 2. rear.
?400— ELECTRIC repair and locksmith shop;
established 10 years. Box 4S58. Call office.
LODGIXG-HOPSES FOR SALE.
A— " Near~The Call building]
MARION GRIFFIN, 719 Market st. rms. 1-2.
Telephone Black 1-8-0-3.
Money to Loan.
Big free list of lodging-houses at my office.
AH for sale on easy terms. Please call.
City hotel, small; a mint $1,500
City hotel, 36 rooms; clearing $225 3,250
City hotel; 60 nns.; lease; clears 8400 5,000
City hotel; 95 rooms; lease; rent $250. 5,500
City hotel; G3 rooms; lease; rent $250. 7,000
City hotel; 100 rms.; lease; rent $300.. 9,000
City hotel; 75 rooms; lease; rent $275. 8,000
City hotel; 80 rms.; lease; clears $760. 10,000
Country hotel. Includes real estate 4,000
Country hotel; near this city 1,500
Country hotel; cost ?S000 2,500
Country hotel; lease; cost $10,000.... 7,500
Country hotel; Includes real estate... 32,000
6S-rm. lodging-house; lease; rent $225. 0,500
115-room lodging-house; rent $400 6000
ANY of the following on monthly payments:
15 rooms: transient; clears $100 $700
8-room flat; snap; Geary st 200
100 rooms; Market at.; clears $350 6000
30 rooms; clears $150; payments 1500
9 rooms; sunny corner; a beauty; only. 375
32 rooms; Powell; big transient trade... 3500
20 rooms; clear $75; only 350
40 rooms: clears $108 800
A. H. RETSLOFF. phone John 531.
906 Market st. corner Ellis.
$500—8 ROOMS: clears $75; big transient trade.
RETSLOFF, 906 Market st.
WINSTON & WOLFE,
1026 MARKET ST.— 1026 MARKET ST.
(Photograph Gallery Entrance.)
10 rooms; rent $22; good furniture; only $350
24 rocms; rent $55; central 1650
SS rooms; rent $80; money-maker 2250
31 rocms: rent $100; just listed '. . 2100
22 rooms; rent $70; part cash 1300
15 rooms; rent $tw; good furniture 1000
S5 rooms; rent $80; N. of Market. ....... 2000
03 rooms; rent $200; lease; see this.
COO other houses on our list to select from;
telephone JesEie 2211.
A. CAMERON & CO.,
850 Market st, and 8 Stockton et,
Rooms 21, 22/23. Phone Bush 32S.
I* you have hotels, rooming-houses or business
to sell/ylitt with us; buyers call; we can suit
you; have bargains in hotels, lodgins-hou?es,
flats; all sizes and prices; in all parts of city.
SPECIAL BARGAIN'S
6 r. ; Geary; -rent $25; lease; very nice. $550
10 r. ; all new and. elegant; clears $50.. 3000
17 r. ; downtown; hskeeping; clears $60. 900
63 r.; total expense c f house $175: aparts. 290,)
Money Loaned. 1^ per cent.
A LODGING-HOUSES
10 rooms; rent$50; modern building: good
furnishings; death cause of selling $500
20 rms.; rent $70; cent loc; mixed fur. 1300
23 rms.; rent $56: bay-window house. 17C0
27 rooms; rent 5125; lease; fine furn 3500
85 rms. ; rent $300; location Al: elevator 7000
Lodging-houses and hotels to suit all classes
of buyers; large list; call and investigate be-
fore buying.
G. W. SCHWEINHARD,
017 Market Bt (upstairs), bet. 5th and Cth. "
GEORGE W. BROWN. 783% Market St. ~
Room 3; phone Clay 46. Money to loan.
18 rooms; swell; bay-window; newly fur..$lflC0
17 rooms; north side; light, sunny house.. 900
14 rooms; fine mahogany furniture; price.. 2000
16 rooms; corner bay-window house; yard. 850
20 rooms; rent only $50; new carpets 1200
13 rooms; for this week only; sickness... 1000
43 rooms; corner bay-window; Income $100 1100
. We offer any of the above on payments.
A— H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market st. .
Before buying a lodging-house, rooming-
house, boarding-house, hotel and bar, city or
country. 1t will be to your advantage to call
at our orfice. We do not offer places for sale
unless the value is ln sight Sample:
10 rooms; finely furnished.. .8300
German and French spoken.
H. C. DECKER. Reliable Broker, 1020
Maiket st, opposite Fifth.
GOOD transient house; new furniture. .. .$1800
d«rms.; mechanics' hotel ; man and wife 750
1OO rooms; country; transient; low rent. 6500
"kn room8 : corner house for. men. 5000
¦lUrooms; offices and rooms; low rent... S200
Howard; rent only $65: terms.. 1400
40 rooms; man house; rent $45; bargain. ,700
Money loaned at 1 per cent. "V , -
Hotel =- 4l?" ses and fl ats, 5 to 200 rooms.
EITEL & CARROLL. 1032 Market st.
V< Z& A^P INVESTMENT COMPANY
rXiiX?^* "'— < Inc ->- -Phone. Davis 28L
Reliable dealers ln rooming-houses, hotels.
business chances and real estate.
We furnish vacant houses and
Loan Money at lowest rates.
Something new every day.
New houses to lease.
M |?r R F E c & CO - 19 Market-Some bargains.
l$£rl 8 """""V all light; net $M0.
*-Ar~J? rmB - ; Jackson : sood and easy work.
$,00— 17 rooms: Jones; nice buslnaes. .^
$180— < rooms; 3d st Money to loan on lodg-
lng-houges; <0 more houses; bargains; choices.
A— NOTICE— We have roomlng-houses.all sizes
?. nd J )rlces ' !n a " part8 <* the city; gat our
list first- MITCHELL & CO.. 1206 Market"
NO. 100% Sixth st— For sale, cheap. ; 6 nicely
furnished rooms; no dealers; departure.- .
; HELP WAITED— -FEMALE— -Con. _
I BUTTON-HOLE makers on coata and vesta;
finishers on coats and. pants; girls to learn
' tailoring; steady employment' . BELASCO &
HARRIS CO.. 541 Market st . : .
FINISHERS > on coats and pants, steady work
guaranteed. BELASCO & HARRIS CO.. 541
. Market st. . * '.
GIRLS about 16 years of age will find plenty
¦ of good-paying work. ! LEVI STRAUSS St
CO.. 32% Fremont Bt. MR. DAVI3.
Bairdresslng. massage, manicuring, bleaching,
dyeing, switches, etc.; 2 wks.,$5. College. 123tJ
Market, rm. 94; splendid positions; day; eve.
WANTED — Experienced shirt makers. EAG-
LESON & CO.. 535 Market st.
GIRLS 14 to 17 for factory work. Apoly at
once. AMES & HARRIS. 100 Sacramento st.
GIRLS wanted; factory hands. Apply Gulf
Bag Co., 709-711 Front st.
TYPEWRITING taught. $5 full course: short-
hand speed class. $2 mo. 927 Market, r. 308.
HELP WAKTED MALE.
A — MURRAY & READY..... Phone Main 584S
..Leading Employment and Labor Agents..
634-630 Clay st |
; Office open 7 a. m...
•< ••• For Nevada
1000 R. R.,men Free fare
500 teamsters.:... Nevada $2 to $2 50 day
150 laborers Nevada $2 to $2 50 day
400 rockmen Nevada *2 50 day
] Extra gang, steel gang, masons' and car-
penters' helpers.
All for Nevada, free fare
¦ Free fare
Ship morning and night •
Mechanical help Blacksmiths
Blacksmith, sawmill, see boss here; 3
rough caroenters, city, - $3 day; blacksmith,
country shop, 50c fare, $50 and fd.; ranch
blacksmith. $48 and fd.; blacksmith, camp.
75c fare. $65; blacksmith, country shox>, *3
day; 3 brick moiders for 'a large mining
company; 4 brick setters; 5 brick pitchers;
gang edserman for sawmill, see boss here;
wood turner, city mill, $3; circular sawyer,
factory, city.
-.. Sawmills and woods ...........
Ship to-day
2 camp waiters, sawmill company, $25 and
fd., cheap fares: 10 laborers for new sawmill
no excerience required, $30 and found; IS
men to work in woods handy with an ax.
$35 and found; 2 shingle packers. $35 and
found; shingle sawyer, see boss here; gang
'edgermanV see boss here; circular sawyer,
city; 5 men to handle lines ln woods, $30 and
, found. »
Mines and quarries
4 machine miners, $3 day; 2 Burleigh drill-
ers, foo and fd.; 4 Italian quarrymen, sea
boss here: 3 miners, 8 hours' work, $75; 4
: . miners, shaft work; 3 laborers for mine, $30
j and found; 4 laborers, mine. $60; 3 miners,
surface work, $67 50; 10 quarrymen; ltt la-
borers for quarry. . -~»_ .
Miscellaneous
- 2 deck hands, dredger. $35 and fd. ; night
porter. ?30 and found; hostler. $45: married
stableman, country; 3 other stablemen: 4
farm hands, Marin County, good Job; 5 men
to work on hop ranch; 10 men for a large
fruit ranch to make themselves useful, no
experience required; 58 farmers for different
jobs, $26 to $35; 23 choremen. $15 to $30; 16
choreboys. $10 to $20 and found: 17 boys for
other jobs: farmer and wife, $35 and found;
57 milkera. buttermakers and dairymen, $30
to $40 and found; young man to drive deliv-
. ery waeon, city, $35; young or old man to
. take care of butcher stable and assist in
shop, fare 80 cents, $25 and found; cheese-
maker, see boss here, $35 and found; chors-
. man, private place, $25 and fd.
Laborers -. .'.
Six laborers for quarry $2; 6 laborers,
near city, $34 and found: 6 laborers, 50 cents
fare, $2 a day; 2 laborers, factory, $1 75 a
day;. 8 laborers, city. $27 50. board and
room: 20 laborers for mines; 10 laborers, no
experience required, factory near city; 5 boy a
for factory.
Hotel Department
26 cooks, city and country hotels and res-
taurants, $30 to $60 and found; 3 camp
: cooks: 3 cooks* for ranches, $25 and $30 and
found: cook for sawmill crew, Nevada. $40
and found: 2 waiters, city and country hotel3
and restaurants, $25 to $45 and found: dish-
washer; springs. $25 and found; 33 kitchen
hands, dishwashers, etc.; old man for
¦ butcher shop and care team, $25 and found:
second cook, springs, $40; cook, near city,
i week; head waiter, country hotel, $35.
MURRAY & READY. C34-636 Clay »t
Phone Main 5848. '•
SPECIAL • •
A — i deck hands for river dredger; $35 and
found; call early. MURRAY & READY.
634-636 Clay st.
MAN and wife for cook and waiter. $50 and
found; 2 boarding-house cooks. $60 and $35
and found l restaurant cook, $70; fourth hand
on bread. $8 week and board; waiter and
wife; steward, country hospital, $30 and
found: pot washers: vegetable men; waiters,
and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sac-
ramento st ¦ '--'¦: •
DRIVER for milk wagon, $35 and found;
ranch foreman, single man. $50 and found;
farmers, $25. $30 and $35; farmer and wife,
$50; sheepherder, . $30 and board, fare paid;
man about place, $25 and found; "teamsters,
• $45 month, and $1 25 day and board; men to
thin fruit; $20 and found; buggy washer, $30
and found; laborers for mill and woods, $->0,
fare advanced; vegetable gardener for ranch;
boy for paint shop, and others. J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO., . 628 Sacrainento st.
MINE carpenter for Mexico; 5 more carpenters
for country. -$3 50 day; plain carpenters. $i
day;" 3 carpenters for city, $3 50 day; horse-
shoer, $2 25 day; boys for factory and mill,
60c and 75c day; handy man with tools tor
v hotel, $1 25 day and found; laborers, $1 60 to
$2; boxmakers; 3 miners, $2 and board, and
$2 50 and $2 75 day; carpenter and circular
sawyer, $2 25 day; shoemaker; 2 Italian
quarrymen, $30 and found; millwright. $3 50
day, - and many others. J. F. CROSETT &
CO.; 628 Sacramento st \
AT THE CAL. .EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
59 Third st, phone Bush 133.
RAILROAD LABORERS.
FREE FARE FREE FARE
100 teamsters. Nevada $2 to $2 25 per day
' 25 rock drillers, laborers $2 25 per day
SHIP DAILY.
FOR LUMBER WOODS.
26 sawmill hands and men for lumber woods,
$26 to $65 month and board, fare advanced.
2 experienced edgermen $3 per day
2 head setters or screw turners.... $3 per day
{ Bridge carpenters $3 per day
' Wood turner, country $3- to $-150 per day j
•-- Buggy washer, city $65 per month
Carpenter, city $•'$ per day
Carriage painter, country. .... .$2 50 per 'day
CAL. EMP. AGENCY ..59 Third st
ANDRE'S Office, 316 Stockton st.
Porter for lodging-house. $7 a week; porter
for hotel, $20 and found; porter for saloon,
$20 to $25 and board; waiters, for country
boarding-houses, $25; young man to help wait-
ing. $25 and found; waiter and cook, short
. orders. $7 to $8 a week; plain cook, country.
$10; cook, small place, near city, $30; second
cook; $65 ; slh*jrman, $30; vcgetableman. $25.
ANDRE' S Office, 316 Stockton st
Stableman and driver, private place, country,
must milk cows, $30; dairyman to milk 10
cows and make butter, private place, $30;
young man to milk a couple of cows and do
chores, private place, $25; butler, $50; bed-
maker, $20. '
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery.^ r. 12.
Night clerk,. $40; bar man. $40, country ho-
tel: waiter. $30.
"WANTED — Bright young man, about 20, for
. entry clerk and to assist at bookkeeping ln
-wholesale house; permanent. Answer ln own
handwriting, stating experience and where
• last employed, box 4933, Call office.
FOUR good waiters, two porters, for flrst-elaxi
commercial hotel, out of city; free bootblack
stand to outside porter; all' experienced; see
• party from 9 to 11 a. m. Wednesday, at Russ
House. - • . '
GROCERY clerk — Young man with good refer-
ences, experience with delicatessen preferred.
Call bet. 9 and 12 a. m. or 9 and 10 p. m..
Bush and Octavia sts...
WANTED — Cash boy, 14 years of age or over.
Apply between 8 and 11 a. m. at HALE
"BROS.* ' •
WANTED — Dress goods and domestic salesman
. for dry goods house; city experience. L. H..
box 1470, Call office.,
A CHIEF cook for boarding-hcuse: must un-
derstand pastry. At 501 Twentieth St., near
~ Union Iron Works. ¦ . /• ¦ .
EDUCATED Christian to work on educational
lines; teachers and students preferred. Box
. 1454. Call.
BARBER shop; must be spld; paying $123 per
month, with nice 3-room flat, well furnished;
%-rent $15; price $250. 1033 Guerrero st.
WANTED — By respectable young lady part-
ner in lunch counter and chop house; $75 re-
quired. Apply 75 Third st.,* room 1.
CASH boy and errand boy. JOE ROSENBERG
11 O'Farrell st. ... '
ERRAND boys wanted. GREENBERG &
. GREENBERG, Grant ave. and Geary st.
DRUG clerk wanted. Apply at 603 Montgom-
' ery Bt " ' ' ' ¦ ' ¦ ' -•¦ '
WOMAN. wants working partner. 30 Hannah
st." Oakland (B st).
APPRENTICE wanted at the Pacific Electric
Motor Co.. 1S3 Jessie st .-
TWO boys -wanted. Mutual Label Lithograph
Co.. Second and Bryant sts.
FIRST-CLASS jeweler and diamond setter;
permanent Job; good wages. Box 4797, Call.
WANTED— 1C0 young men 18 to 25 years old
. Apply 160 Russ st. '
WANTED-^-A good tailor for bushellng. 827
Sutter st.
E< £T,, of lfi for can(J y store; $5 per week. 847
--Fillmore st r -^9mN8EBMBflMtfl
WAITER wanted;, do general work half a day
and night work. 37 Eddy,st
Teas B^oalwif 1 ""^ ..f oy »- l ,- Ctt g" Ho^
DISHWASHER wanted. 631 Clay st.
JBp^CATJOTAI^--Contlnqea." r
'ALL Gregg stenogra phers secure positions ; 1 34
good positions ln March: rapid figures a spe-
clalty. S. F.: Business College, 1236 Market.
VIOLIN, guitar, mandolin, banjo taught -In
class. $1 mo. ¦ 426 O'Farrell; phone Pine 433.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. ;' day or eve. ; $5 mo. \ 102-1 Mission, nr. 6th.
SHORTHAND taught . by mail or personally.
MISS M. G. BARRETT, 302 Montgomery st
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof. MERKI,- good
.- teacher. 1008 Mission : ¦ instruments ' selected.
DANCING quickly taught: private or class.
BARKER'S 'Academy. 723 Market St. . " .
ILLUSTRATION — PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— Night class. •> 424 Pine st. "
HEALD'S Business College. 24 7 Post st. S. F.;
founded 1863; new SO-page catalogue free.
ELEVATORS.
ELEVATORS Inspected and repaired at moderate
prices. J.E.UpphofC.565 Mission; tel.John 3856.:
EMPLOYMENT [OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE^reilable^house-cleanlng, cooks
i and waiters furnished at short notice. Geo.
Kiposhlta. 1293 Page, cor. Lyon; tel.Fell 8501.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office — Furnish most
> reliable help. : 524 Bush st; tel. Bush, 516. -
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
¦ Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO., 640 Clay.
Grand Japanese-Chinese Emp.* Office. 415 Stock-
ton ; tel. GrantWS|experVreliaWe_help^_
JAPANESE and Chinese best help;: cook and
waiter. 421 Post. GEO. AOKI; tel. Bush 135.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce; fo. kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell,nr.Suttor;tel.Black 5072.
EMPLOYMENT . WANTED- — FEMALE.
A WOMAN wants work by the day. Tele-
phone MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
A SWEDISH housesirl; first-class cook; beat.
references. . MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter st.
A YOUNGf Scotch woman; good cook _and
. houseworfcer; city or country. MRS. NOR-
. TON, 313 Sutter st
DRESSMAKER— Thoroughly competent; per-
fect fitting; latest styles; costumes remodeled;
$1 50 per, day in families. Address J. . P.,
modiste, -826 Eddy St.. room 19. • '
NORTH-GERMAN, refined girl, • capable to
teach, would like to take care of children or
companion to lady; best of references given.
Call at 203 Post st - ¦ ' - . .
A YOUNG strong woman would like to go out
by the day to do washing or housecleanine.
Please call 54 Chesley st, in rear of Harrison
st, between Seventh and Eighth.
A RESPECTABLE woman wants a situation to
.do second work; good reference; country pre-
ferred. 570 Minna st, near Seventh. •
A GERMAN woman wants work by the day;
washing, ironing or house-cleaning; $1 25 per
day. S. L., 4 Elizabeth place.
A COMPETENT woman wishes work by day
to do washing, ironing and hous3work. 663
¦ Pine st- - •
A — YOUNG Swedish woman wishes work by
the day. 173 Clara st.
MAN and wife wish to work In hotel; city
! - or country. Box 1582, Call.
FRENCH girl wishes a position as ¦ second
' work. Call at 51 Union Square Market
FIRST-CLASS French maid wishes a situation.
Call at 51 Union Square Market. ' ¦¦ '
DRESSMAKER would like a f ew ' more en-
gagements by the day; ladles and children;
perfect fitting; first-claes work; city or
country.' Address M. P., 5C9 Jones st.
AN experienced and • reliable German girl
- wishes position to take car-; of infant. 1521
Eighth st. Alameda. \
MIDDLE-AGED American "woman desires
• housekeeping position or cook on ¦ ranch.
Stockton House, 153^ Third st , room 15.
MIDDLE-AGED American woman, a stranger
frqm the East, would like a position as com-
panion to elderly lady or keep house for el-
derly couple. Call or address 11 Polk st.
MIDDLE-AGED American woman, a stranger
. from the East, would like position as house-
keeper. Call or address 11 Polk st v^
YOUNG Finnish "girl wishes position doing
housework. Apply to 1410^ California st.
RESPECTABLE Swedish woman wants dining
room work or pantry work in boarding house
by the week. 2078 Mission st.
RELIABLE woman wants situation as chil-
. dren's nurse or companion to elderly lady;
first-class references; willing- to assist with
. housework and sewing.* 120 Fourth st
WANTED — Position as housekeeper or com-
panion to elderly lady, for- the day only.
Address Lady, box 4912/ Call office.
AN American woman would like plain or. fam-
¦ -ily- sewing; dresses refaced or bound reason- i
able; or will go <Mt by the day. 210 Grove.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st, near Mar-
ket — 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 00
to $0 week; convenient and respectable; free
bus and baggage to and from ferry.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 639 McAllister, st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED MALE. ¦
A MARRIED couple, German and English,
position on a ranch or as foreman; wite
a good cook and housekeeper; references.
Address box 1630, Call office.
INDUSTRIOUS young man desires a situation :
in private residence; care of horses, .'milk,
tend garden;! handy and useful; references.
Box 4U21, Call office.
MAN and wife want position, man as- coach- !
man, woman as seamstress, nurse girl or will
do upstairs work. Box 493S, Call office.
YOUNG man wants position taking care of
horses, garden; can milk; I good driver;
-handy with tools. Box 1460, Call office. i
BARBER with about 2- years' experience would I
.like a place to finish trade; city or country;
have own tools. Box 1471, Call office.. j
YOUNG man with successful experience run-
ning country newspaper wishes position; good
references. Box 1472, Call office. .
FIRST-CLASS carpenter wishes situation in
hotel, institution or ranch; no tools. Box
4032, Call office. ....
PLATEN pressman; 12 years' experience; com-
mercial, halftone, cut and color work; ref-
erence3 if required. Box 4934, Call office. ¦
GOOD side line wanted: staple; no book or ln-
. surance. Box 4790, Call office. •¦¦-¦:
EXPERIENCED salesman, road or city, open
t for engagement April IS. Box ' 4795, , Call.
MILK wagonTdrivcr, 1 experienced, single, with
city references, wants work. Box 1570, Call.
STEADY young. German wishes position as
driver: knows city well. Box 4939, Call office.
A GERMAN, first-class gardener,, who thor-
oughly understands greenhouses, growing of
flowers, .'vegetables, can milk, run gasoline
engine, needs situation; country preferred;
. references. Gardener, box 1571, Call.
POSITION wanted by thoroughly reliable Scan-,
• dlnavlan-onclty or country place as coach-
man, gardener and general utility man; can
milk and understands his- business thorough-
ly; references. -Box 4924, Call- office. : \ '
COUPLE, want ranch positions; husband hon-
est, " capable, . sober, , intelligent; • -performs
- light general- work and superintends; wife
splendid housekeeper and | manager;- Eastern
experience. Box 4873, Call office. ¦
MALE stenographer desires position: Is em-,
ployed at present but would like change; sev-
eral years' experience; best of references. Box
.1532. Call office. ; -
WANTED — By. man • and wife of experience, a.
. ranch or farm to rent or to take care; refer-
ences given; write for particulars. Address
N. P.. 50 San Pablo ave.. Oakland. ',--
YOUNG German wishes a position tending bar;
has some experience. and well recommended;
. city or country. Box 1564, Call office.
JAPANESE boy wants - situation S with . photo-
grapher as apprentice; small wages. TANI.
807, Polk st. ; phone Polk 1SC2. -,
JAPANESE boy wants position as gardener;
speaks English very well. E. S., 1329 Pine st
GOOD experienced Chinese cook wishes posi-
¦ . tlon In . hotel : or . boarding-house. Address
y YEE LINO. 20 Prospect place.
MILK wagon driver," experienced, single., with
city references, wants work. . Box 1570, Call.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. ¦ - . . . '
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
, recelvrd at Call branch office. 2200 FUImora.
'.'¦-¦•' ¦-' "'¦'¦' --FINANCIAL. .- ¦• . -.¦/¦ '-¦; ¦:.'
FACIFIC Underwriting & Trust Co. (Inc.)— We
.'have 42 offices In operation; new method of
.. placing stocks and bonds ; companies lncor-
i : porated ; stocks and bonds underwritten. . Call
or address main office, 507-8-0 Parrott, bldg.
COMPANIES Incorporated and' financed ; stocks
¦ and. bonds sold; good projects wanted; inves-
tigate our underwriting guarantee plan; write
, us. Pac. States Mlnlng&Invest. Co;. 32G Post
CH . EAPEST and Best ln ¦ America— The Weekly
*.»,'• i 0 Pases, sent to any address in > the
United States or Canada one year for $1. ¦ -¦-¦¦¦
-l-^^JiL^^ZlJ^Ey— " FtJR ? ' s u E . P:^
,DEV1SADERO, : 1911,: near California-^Sunny.
.furnished 6-room flat; 11-4 p.-^m.; reasonable.
GOLDEN GATE, 1517-4 rms.; bath; gas range;
;, garden; $20;_lower flat," 2. rms.. $12 60; 1 to4.i
8A3T FRAXCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE cf The San Francisco
Call, comer of Market and. Third streets; open
catll 12 o'clock every night ln the year. -
BRANCH OFFICES-r-827 Montgomery street.
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
800 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m. , .;.\-' ;
CSS McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
£15 Lnrkin street; open until 0:30 p. m.
l&il Hteslon ctreet; open until 10 p. m.
22O. Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
UEtU {p. a
100 Eleventh street: open until 9 p. xn.
1096 Valencia street: open until 9 n. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
lucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
2200 TOlmore street: open until 9 p. m. : i"V ; "
MEETIKG XOTICES.
STARR KING Lodge. U. D.. F. and A. m
M., Howry's Hall, will meet THIS Jfc
(WEDNESDAY) EVENING at 7:30 «£?#
o'clock. Third degree. By order of rT&>
the W. M. A. A. ANDERSON. Sec
MOUNT MORXAH Lodge No. 44, F. and m-
A. M.— Called meeting THIS (WED- ,J^
NESDAY) EVENING at 7 o'clock,
Second degree will be conferred by the /?'
W. M. and officers ef Excelsior Lodge No. 166.
' THEO. FROLICH. Sec
GOLDEN GATE Lodge No. 30. F. and a
A. M.— Officers and members ¦will at-
tend funeral of our late brother. WIL- IT If
LIAM WALLACE SEVERANCE, late /V>
of Penryn Lodge No. 258, Penryn, Califor-
nia, TO-DAY (WEDNESDAY), at 1:30 p. m..
in King Solomon's Hall, Masonic Temple.
Master Masons nr.d friends of deceased re-
•pectfully invited. By order of the W. M.
EDWIN L. MEYER. Secretary.
HERMAKN Lodge No. 127. F. and A. a
M. — The members of the lodge are re- «
cueeted to attend the funera.1 of our *? Tf
deceased brother, FERDINAND «V?
KLATT. on WEDNESDAY. April 16. 1902,
et 2 o'clock p. m.. from Masonic Temple,
"Washington and Twelfth bUu, Oakland. Take
1 o'clock broad gauge boat. By order of the
W. M. L. SCHUMACHER. Secretary.
CROCKETT Lodge No. 1S9. F. and A. «
M.— D. 1st THIS EVENING. April 16, _^V_
at 7:30 o'clock. By order nf the W. M. jZ5?
H. FORTRIEDE. Sec. /xr>
MISSION Lodge No. 169, F. and A. M.— a~"
Called meeting THIS (WEDNESDAY)
EVE^CING. at 7:30 o'clock. Second
degree. R. E. ALLAN. Secretary. /V>
MORSE Lodge No. 257. L O. O. F. .juhw/./
— Initiation THIS EVENING,
April 16; all members are re-
quested to be present. Visitors '^v/ttW^
cordially invited. J. M. C. 1UDDLE, N. O.
C. BRTND. Rec. Sec.
SPARTAN Lodge No. 125 L O. O. j^jgy.
F., trill have initiation THIS §¦{'*«.
(WEDNESDAY) EVEKIN G, =^K*S?
April 16. Visitors cordially in- 5^
vtted. F. MEINHOLD, N. O.
T. C. LEARY, Sec.
FRANCO-AMERICAN Lodge No. .jSfffiKZ*!"
207. I. O. O. F.-Officers and
mcir.hers are requested to attend
meeting on THURSDAY. April "^Wft 1^
17, at 8 p. m. Initiation.
J. MERRICUE. N. Q.
A. LEON AURADOU. Sec
NATIONAL UNION. Call- av^uig^JgL 11
femia Council, meets TO-
NIGHT at Pioneer Hall, >girX~\T
Fourth st. at 8 o'clock (In
its new hall). Visiting friends cordially in-
\-ited. By order
A. H. KTNGSFORD. President.
C H. VAN/3RDEN. Secretary.
SERVIAN-MONTENEGRIN L. and ..».
B. Society — All orncojs and mem- CjQ?
bers of the above societv are j-jj£*5m
hereby notified to attend the fu- fjCypS
nera! of our iate brother. VLADO a!£$?n&>
JOVOVICH. on WEDNESDAY.
April 16, et 1 o'clock p. m. from fc'/wK'.J
Russian church,- 1715 Powell Et \p&i&m/
By order of
JOHN E. KUKAVIZA, President
gPIRO S. VUCOSALIEVICH. Secretary.
ENGROSSING,
5??£j.iH2. ns ' ctc - ln first-class manner. J. W.
GRIFFITH. Heald's Bue. College, 24 Post st
AGEXTS WANTED.
AGENTS— $10 dally, introducing our Brilliant
Gaslight Burners; families, business houses.
banks, churches, private & public buildings
buy at sigrht ; these burners are what the peo-
ple are looking for; they not require a
ctlmney(to break)or wick to trim. & make no
emcke and dirt; fit any coal oil lamp without
expense or trouble. & produce best, cheapest
& cleanest lijrht; it is a great money maker
for agents; 200 per cent profit; write at onc«
& get to work right away; sample free. En-
tgrprise Mfg. Co.. B. S67. Cincinnati. Ohio.
_^ A^j![5 o i OGY ' ~~~~
HOROSCOPES case; future preictedTreaaTngs
by mall if desired. Raymond, 227 Taylor st
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
». W. KING. atty.. Examiner building, room
<O3; all cases; damages, estates, wills, mort-
gages, partnerships, attachments, collections,
etc; legal papers drawn; consultation free;
no adx-ance charges ; open eve's ; call or write.
.ADVICE free; divorces a specialty; quick; quiet-
no charge without success ; established 16 yrs
G. W. HOWE. S50 Market St. cor. Stockton:
ADVICE free; open every evening; low fees;
all cases. J. M. THURSTON. 819 Market st
L. S. CLARK, Emma Spreckels bldg.. 027 Mar-
ket st; consultation free; no fees in advance.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly CalL
IS pages, ln wrapper for mailing: <1 per year.
UICYCLES — I'or Sale op Exchange.
ALLEN has seme swell bicycles cheapT'dirt
cheap. Call and see for yourself; repairing.
301 Larkin st. and 305 Market Et.
• ¦ BIRDS. DOGS, i ETC. ~~~
WARBLING canaries and all kinds of song
talking and fancy birds; gold flsh, pet stock'
cages, globes, aquariums; bird and animal
food of all kinds. 1546 Market st,bet.Sth&9th.
BOOKS— XEW AXD OLD.
BOOKS of all kinds bought ; libraries purchased.
H. C. Holmes. 1149 Market: tel. Howard 1946.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A — $1800; SALOON with mercanUle"lunch^~14
rms.; rent $60; close to Palace Hotel; no night
work; a first-class paying place; established
years. Call R. tC^WILKE, 2fi% Kearny st
A— $1000; CANDY store and factory; best loca-
tion on Larkin st ; an elegantly finished store
and first-class paying business. Call R G
WILKE. 2ti^s Kearny Et.
A-fpO; SALOON' with 7 furnished rooms; rent
* 40; place first-class paying; surrounded by
railroad shops, planing mills and lumber
yards. Call R. G. \HLKE, Kearny Vt.
A— DELICATESSEN and fancy grocery in
choicest location cf this city; established
many years; large trade; big profits; stock
invoices about $i r »00; price $4000; rent $20
Call R. G. WILKE. 2CH Kearny st
i--»800; BUTCHER chop; established years;
Coing a. first-ciaeg business; located In Oak-
land; rent $35. incjudir^ 7 rooms, 2 horses
2S%* KgarJAi: PartiCUlar8 "• G - WI^.
A— $2000; RARE chance; vicinity of Market
and McAllister sts.; rent $55. Including «i pri-
, 26% r Sn : Ai* rgaln - CaU R - G - WIL^-
aoove *2^0 during 8 months in year- Investl.
gate at once. R. G. WILKE, 2C^Kearnyst
$350— CORNER cigar store, north of Market
¦ai. le^s, 131 Montgomery st. room 4. /
I1S00— COFFEE saloon in heart of the city-
down town; magnificently fitted throughout!
r^l^ EtabI . iKhed . pUce: everything first-ciais
enormous transient business; low rent- re-
ceipts justify $3000 Investment; old ace the
only cause of sale; best chance' In thSTcItt?
¦fla. x^t-fco, i.ii axontsomcry st., room 4.
f8 A^S? RN f R BTOceiT ar ' d ba r- I* Western
Addition; i) rooms and bath; present owner
there 8 years. M. LESS^pi Montgy, rm i.
-*-•¦•• • • • A - STENBERG
759 Market et T e i Black 5491
I ....Money Advanced on Any Business
..If Tou Want Invest in a Good Business
Or Sell Your Merchandse
....Why Don't You_See STENBERG?" Ill
'....... Restaurant ...!.!!!"!!""
Among Shops. Factories
••« Receipts About $40
Must Be Sold
A. STENBERG. 759 Market st
°V?<!£ ivldend t or , the week ending April 12 was
$5 68 on ea--h *100 invested. Our dividends
are larger than acy other firm. Dividends
paid every Monday morning. Earns more In
one week than ln year in savings' bank.
Principal can be withdrawn at any time, and
dividends paid up to hour of withdrawal A
tested investment. Safe as Government bonds
We Invite investigation. Call or write for
Interesting literature.
AMERICAN CO-OPERATIVE ASSN..
Suite 615. Emma Spreckels bldg.
JSSOO— OS-ROOM hotel and bar. central, always
$1*700 — Grocery and bar, 5 fur. rms, Folsoml
$1500 — Grocery and bar, 2 living rms Pine.
$1200 — Books, notions, circulating library,
fine, must be sold, Valencia st.
HEALY & CARR, 927 Market Bt. rm. 208>
A— 30 CIGAR etands; prices $75 to $2000;
rents $6 to $125 monthly; profits $2 to $7
dally. HEDGES. 461-462 Parrott building.
BAKERY for •ale. in good country town- old-
established business; reason for selling,
owner has other Interests. Box 1C34, Call.
OUTSIDE route this paper. Address box 4U36,
CtU...
J^HEJLP WANTED-^MAI^— Con.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S.. 429 Bush «t.
Wanted for Nevada....^^..j.-
New railroad work ... • ¦ • - • • Fre9 tax *
2000 teamsters, laborers and rockmen^. .^.
- . . I " " '. '. !ship" Morning 'and Night^^. . . - ..
Free Fare Fr * e ¥ * x *
60 tunnelmen. drillers, m^ ck . e J 9 _* ad - 1 ?^ oreT "
for Chatsworth Park. $2 to $2 60 aj a**-'--*
Free Fare • Fre ® yar "
Blacksmith who thoroughly understands tem-
pering steel for railroad camp, $3 m. day. 9
carpenters, country. $3 a day: engineer to»
a steamer, see party here; farmers, miiKen.
choremen and others:
HOTEL DEPARTMENT .........
Head waiter, country hotel. $60; stewara,
country hotel. $75; head cook, country hotel.
$90 to $100: head cook, country hotel. $75.
head, second and third cooks, railroad eating
house. $80. $50 and $35; cook and wife- for
sawmill boarding-house. $60: second cooks,
fryers and broilers. $50 to $75; second cook.
* institution, country. $40; vegetable cook, ho-
v tel, $50; pantryman, country. $30; butler,
good references, $50: bread baker, country
shop. $50; 10 waiters, city and country. $3O
to $50; dishwashers and kitchen hands, city.
$25 and $30
Male Entrance. 12 Berry Street
C. R. HANSEN & CO 429 Bush it.
WANTED — Trustworthy man to take full
charge of cigar store: $100 required; good
chance for suitable party. Apply 75 Third
I * st, room 1. -
WANTEP — Tailor on coata. 344 Tehama. »t
BOY wanted, about 16: reference required.
SAHLEjN'S Milliaery. S73 Market st.
WANTEP— A good barber. 474 Tenth «L.
Oakland? wages $15.
IRONER wanted. Apply S372 Mission it.
French Laundy Co.< '
FIRST-CLASS dress goods salesman for coun-
try; steady position; good salary. 152 Eddy.
BOOTBLACK wanted at 211 Scott »t.
WANTED — Offlce-boy with good reference. Ap-
ply at La Grande Laundry. 23 Powell st.
FIRST-CLASS waiter. 29 Stockton st
TWO-CHAIR shop, clearing $90, for $75. If sold
at once. 2308 Howard st. .'
MECHANICAL draughtsman; only flrst-class
men need apply; technical man preferred; no
attention paid to answers unless giving full
. detail of experience and where previously em-
ployed. Box 4S10. Call office. ¦
WANTEP — Reliable young man for plain work,
with established firm, $15 to $1T week: perm-
anent place; must have some cash. BROWN
& CO., 1221 Market st, upstairs. . ..
WANTEP — Trustworthy man partner with $350
in first-class cigap stand on Kearny »t; Al
chance for suitable party. See P. S. DS
LUCA, 318 Kearny st, room 1. ¦
WANTEP — A few energetic, intelligent gentle-
.men to present an attractive, lst-class finan-
cial proposition; successful candidates earn
$100 to $300 mo. : salary and liberal commis-
sion paid. Apply T. W. Griffin, dally from 2
to 4 p. m., ex. Sun.. 569 8th st. Oakland, Cal.
•WANTED — Recruits for the marine corps. T7.
S. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of goal
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than 5 feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet t
- Inch; able to- speak and read English. For
further Information apply .at the Recruiting
Office. 40 Ellis st, San Francisco.
BARBERS — A good-paying 2-chair barber shop
and bath for sale. HENRY FALK. Angela
Camp. Cal.
WANTED — Young man from 18 to 20 years of
age; must be good at figures. Apply be-
tween 8 and 10 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
TWO first-class coatmakers. ROSENBLUM &
ABRAHAM. 1103 Market st. Odd Fellows*
building. ; _^
MEN to learn barber trade: barbers ln de-
mand; only requires 8 weeks: tools donated;
' 'catalogue free. HOLER'S BARBER COL-
I.EQE. 635 Clay st. .
WANTED^ — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still i
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.; 150 largo
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
BASALT block makers. 137' Montgomery st.
room 36, bet. 12 and 2 o'clock.
HARNESS and saddle makers .wanted. W.
PA VIS & SON. 11 Front st
FIRST-CLASS operator wanted on coats. S.
N. WOOP & CO.. 27 Geary at.
FOR Sale — Barber shop: 3 chairs; good bus.;
mod. fixtures; low rent. P. Stoltz. 723 Mkt
FIRST-CLASS operator on pants; steu.dy em-
ployment^
CO4TMAKEP.S; good pay; steady employment.
541 Market st. .
FIRST-CLASS tailors; good pay; steady em-
ployment. 541 .Market st.
GOOD shoemaker wanted. 492 Pacific st.
COATMAKER and bushelman for country.
Apply REIS3 BKOS. & CO.. 24 Sutter st
BASTERS on coats: steady employment BE-
LASCO & HARRIS CO., 541 Market St.
YOUNG man to do Janitor work for hla tui-
tion. S. F. Barber College. 741A Howard.
PENSION and extra pay. Write SHERWOOD,'
624 Markt: past com. Wattrous Post,G.A.R.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Europe and
Australia. HERMAN'S.. 26 Steuart st
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting: 33o
to 50c. 563 Mission St.. bet 1st and 2d sts.
PENSION atty.. E. A. BuHls. room 40, Phelan
t!g. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G.A.R.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, hall
price. C63 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED — A boy about 16 for wholesale house.
Address box 4525, Call office. .. J- .
500 MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army shoes,
50c up; sollag 20c up. 923 Howard St., nr. Sth.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket — 200 rooms. .25c night; reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
HORSES n^ AGO>s>
JUST arrived — 20 fine work, driving and sad-
dle horses, weighing from 1200 to 1600; well-
• matched teams, thoroughly broken; come and -
see them at Occidental Horse Exchange. 248
Third st. WM. G. LAYNG, proprietor.
A LOT of horses for sale at Arcade Horse Mar-
ket. 327 Sixth st. ; also buggies, wagons, har- '
ness, etc.; auction sales every Wednesday at
11 a. m.. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
FOR sale. Santa Rosa salesyard — Just arrived,
several fine road and business horses, new
buggies and harness. 1499 Market, cor. 11th.
SAN Francisco Veterinary College. Fourth ses-
sion begins June 9. Catalogues by applying to
M. L. PANCOAST. Sec. 510 Golden Gate ave.
SON of Grey Eagle out of McCarty's old Whit*
Hat cheap. 79 City Hall ave.
GOOD top surrey. ' buggy and bike cart.
O'BRIEN.'S, Golden Gate ave. and Polk »t.
FOR sale — Horses for. parties going camping;
gentle. ABC Delivery. 403 Tehama St.
CAMPING wagon for sale cheap. 2912 Hllle-
gass; ave.,- Berkeley.
Largest stock 2d-hand wagons, buckboard, sur-
rey.harness,work,drlvlcg horses. lSth&Valencla.
¦ AN A Xo.'- 1. express wagon, single; also light
camping wagon for gale cheap. 532 Mission.
':;• HOUSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED list houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. II. UMB3EN & CO.,14 Montgomery.
COTTAGE, six rooms; 9 Ewer place, off Ma-
son, between Clay and Sacramento. Apply
. 10 Ewer place.
FOLSOM. 2410.* near Twentieth — House, ft
large sunny rooms: bath, garden, stable.
HOUSES TO LET—FURBISHED.
MISSION. 2324— Villa residence; furnished; ~7
• rooms, bath; low rent to permanent tenant.'
HOUSES WANTED.
NICE furnished house ln Western Addition, 3
rooms, for the summer to desirable tenant
Apply to C. & CAPP & CO., real estate
agents. 630 Market st. . ¦ .
HOUSES FOR SALE. "
NEW house. 7 rooms; sun all day: fin* resi-
dence district; Portola it. off Waller bet.
Pierce and Stelner. GEO. MOORE. 63 Portola. :
LOST AXD FODXD.
LOST— On Market st, going from Central The
ater to Taylor st. lady's gold watch. Liberal
reward If returned to F. R.. 337 O'FarreU st.
LOST— Black feather boa. Return 130 Stock-
;ton st; reward.
LOST— Gold watch, hunting case, white face.'
marked GEO H. SMITH. Knoxvllle. Tenn 7;
works marked GEO. H. SMITH; monogram
CAT^' H ?? ? a T*r^T r,w Ward on return to
SluZ" Cal. LUDLOW ' Fort Baker. Sau-
T& ££& T&
fiiQ a T,Hof AA £ FIE .i' D (a minor); Nos. 258-
,..¦ .turnip* b^ 525 ' Th ° flnder wlU pleas * r -
LOST— Gold-headed cane at ferry with Initials
\., sold and sllVer to make new watch cas«*THOTEL ABRIVALS
THE SAK FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 16, 1902.
11
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
J G Stevens, S Diego iW J Eachlea, Sutter
J F Lemon, N Orleans J,Newcomb, Sutter
C Mandiet. Sta Rosa L Johnson. Ea3t Yard
W O Kennedy. S Jose H B Kent. S Jose
C-D Gulick, S Jose' C Warsh. L Ang-
J B Grave, Seattle J Kenworth.w&d.LAng
Sam Oliver, Vallejo .If! Laws. Knights-
August Blr, Everett C J Donaldson, • Boston
John Camp, Sauaahto !R Wirtx. L Ang . \
M S Nelson. Bentcia Dr T McVety. Galesb?
•'•-.'.-'¦• ¦ . * m •
Burma has already more than repaid all
of England's outlay- upon it . during and,
since Ihe third Burmese wax. i' imiiinn
3 fHH£^il IXSTRUMEXTS. '
BARGAIN sales may "come and 'go," but we \
"go on forever" selling good pianos at a rea- ¦
scnable price and giving customers full value
for what- they- pay for. We sell the cele-
brated -Decker, ..Wissner, ' Baumelster - : and
Stodard pianos and warrant every one to be
just what we represent. Low prices for pay-
ments and a good discount for all cash. THE
ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO., 769 Market st.
ALTHOUGH many seemingly; advantageous
propositions are offered In the way of prices
and terms upon pianos, please bear in* mind
that we can not only duplicate them. < but can-
offer ' exceptionally fine pianos and largest
¦ assortment of best makes to choose from.
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO., Stelnway dealers,
.cor. Kearny and Sutter sts.. ,S. F.; ¦ Broad-
way and Thirteenth sts., Oakland. . - :
, AS our new building and hall is not : quite
' co/mpleted 'we are ' making a cut on all our
pianos. Some special bargains— 1 Knabe, $95;
1 Heine. $185; 2 Steinways, $165: 3 Chicker-
ingrs, $140 to $170; and 20 others. Squares,
$15 up. Small amount down and low .pay-
ments according to quality. HEINE PIANO
CO.. Heine Hall. 235-237 Geary st.
ATTENTION. BARGAIN-HUNTERS—
Second-hand upright pianos from $55 up. . .'
Second-hand square - pianos from $50 up.
Second-hand organs from $25 up; new upright
pianos from $175. up. BENJ. CURTAZ &
PON. 1C to 20 O'Farrell.' Chickerlng,' Mason
and Hamlin. Vose, Sterling pianos.
ANY piano sold by us taken back . any time
within 2 years and full purchase price al-
1 lowed on a new peerless Knabe. at regular
price; costs you only 20c a day to buy a
piano from us. KOHLER & CHASE. 30
O'Farrell st; established 1850. ( .;
LUDWIG pianos— Most popular of all. For sale
only by the Wiley B. Allen Co.. 931 Market
St., San Francisco. Agents Chase & Baker.
piano, players. - W
SMALL upright. $35; large cabinet grand up-
right, $150; square pianos. $35 up; .A. B.
Cameron, walnut case almost new. $275.
. Bowers & Son. 23 5th st. Ivers & Pond agts.
SNAP — Two only, new,. $450; high-grade up-
rights, dropped from catalogue, for $250.
BRUENN, 208 Post st .-. • ,¦ •¦ ¦ ¦: .-- .¦•.'.- ¦
UPRIGHT piano, $100; splendid bargain; best
renting pianos in city for $3 per month.
SCOTT-CURT AZ PIANO CO.. 560 Hayes st.
A LOT of storage pianos for almost a song. ;
WILSON'S Storage. 1710 Market st .
ELEGANT concert grand upright piano; sacri-
ficed account death in family. 1000 Van Ness.
ALMOST new large size Stelnway upright left
on sale; bargain. 235 Geary st.
BYRON M AUZ Y. 308-310-312 Post st. ;. Sohmer
and other pianos and pipe organs. . '
BARGAIN, great sacrince; 2 uprights.^ nearly
new. JOS. SCHMITZ_& CO.. 10 McAllister.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
EMMA SPRECKELS building. 927 Market st—
Light, cheerful offices, $15@25 per month; '
light, heat janitor and telephone.
STORE with large basement, below Kearny: al-
terations to suit tenant. 636 Clay, room 1.
OIL.
OIL tanks, 2nd-hand. in good order; all sizes:
cheap. H. S. WHITE. 130-132 Beale st
PAINTERS AND DECORATORS.
Rooms papered $3 up; painting & tinting done.
Hartman Paint Co., S19 3d st; tel. Red 3521.
FIRST-CLASS work; low rates; get figures. J.
C ROMAINE. 640 G. G. ave. : tel. Polk 1423.
PALMISTRY.
MRS. E. PEARCE, scientific business palmist,
parlors 9 and 10, The Vendome.l]-01 Market
st; hours 10 a. rn. to 9 p. m. : horoscopes cast
by mall. $1; palmistry taucht.
MME. G. L. NEERGAARD reads 1 to 4. 700
Post st, corner of Jones; phone Polk 837. ¦
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist 515
Taylor St.. bet Geary and Post ;tel. Black 561.
PERSONALS.
AN elegant line of remnants for suits to order,
$15; with these suits we make an extra pair
of pants free of charge; other suits on install-
ments, $1 weekly. L. LEMOS. 1117 Market
Bt, between Seventh and Eighth.
A — HAVE you pimples, wrinkles, freckles, red
note, falling hair, dandruff, eczema, gray
hair, bald head? I guarantee a cure or no
.' pay. The Bohemian Specialist, 131 Post st
ELECTRIC light in every room— Winchester
. Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Market; 700 rooms;
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
MAY Designer and Standard Patterns' just out;
- newest shirt waists and jackets with postil-
lions and peplums. Call to see at Domestic :
office. 1021 Market St.. near Sixth.
A— WHAT do you think? O. BERMAN, 48
Hills, makes colored shirts to order; $1 each;
came as white shirts; selection -300 patterns.
HAIR dyeing and bleaching; all kinds of hair
work done artistically: hair dressing 25c;
shampooing 50c. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton.
.HAIR dyeing; bleaching a specialty; shampoo-
ing 50c; hair dried by electric drier & dressed
in 30 mln. Miss A.V.Doyle.1702 Mkt. op. 10th.
Electrolytic removal of moles and superfluous
hair; permanent; painless; free treatment;
work guaranteed. Miss C.Dudley,1702 Market.
AT less than cost uncalled-for'suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS', London
tailor, 721 Market st. :
MONEY loaned at low interest; gold, . sliver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
' at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st. ,
WHITE enamel iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO., 1310-1312 Stockton st, near Broadway.
A — IF your hair Is falling or you are bald call on
Dr.G.S.Moore,332O'Farrell; send for circular.
WILL MRS. D. M. FELL leave address at this
office? Box 1453. Call.
MRS. DR. NICE, medicated and vapor baths,
Is now a.t 13^ Taylor st
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyedWith
- electric needle. MISS EATON, 1119 Sutter st.
ELECTRIC needle specialist; superfluous hair
and mole3 destroyed. Mrs. H. Eaton, 427 Sutter.
DR. THIELE. German specialist, removed from
110 Geary to 101 Eddy st, corner Mason. • ..
Mrs. Briggs — Superfluous hair, moles destroyed
by electricity. 1719 Buchanan; tel. West 259.
Masquerade costumes at H. Anderson's, theat-
rical costurr.er. 26 O'Farrell; country orders.
Electric & electric-light baths, massage, hot air
treatment for rheumatism, etc. 233 Geary,r.27.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles removed by
¦ electric needle.pr.&Mrs.Traverse,1170 Market.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian 1 Henna; ¦ restores gray
• hair to its natural color; $1; at all druggists.
ONE MINUTE TOOTH-ACHE DROPS CURE
Instantly: 10c and 25c. All druggists.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO., 733 Mkt.
TAILOR-MADE suits, $7 50; dress pants, $2 50.
Misfit. Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont
DR. LAMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINT, the
best corn cure. 25c; all druggists. ¦¦'¦¦
PHYSICIANS AND . SURGEONS. '
RUPTURE and piles cured; no pay untircured
no operation no detention from business; all
private diseases treated successfully; consul-
tatlon free. Drs. Forden &. Porterfleld, 6 Turk.
DR. J. W. SEELEY. 207 Powell st.— Specialist
for insanity, fevers and rheumatism; also for
epilepsy, pneumonia and sexual diseases.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL — Office and residence
1021% Market st, bet. Sixth and Seventh. . i
_ :J PROPOSALS^
PROPOSALS FOR BARRACK CHAIRS^Del
pot Quartermaster's Office, 36 New Montgom-
ery st.. San Francisco, Cal., AprlllS, 1902.—
Sealed proposals, in triplicate, will be re-
ceived at this office until 10 o'clock a m
Friday. April 25. 1902, Pacific Standard time'
and then opened, for furnishing three thou-
sand Barrack Chairs, conforming to speci-
fications No. 361, except that they be fur-
nlshed v knocked down and. delivery to be
made either at the New York or San Fran-
cisco Depot. To avoid misunderstanding as
to the exact nature of the articles- to be fur-
nished, bidders will i carefully examine the
specifications, so that proposals may be sub-
mitted by. them with a full knowledge of
v.-hat will be required, ' as an absolute com-
pliance with the specifications will be : in-
sisted upon In the Inspection of the goods
. Bids differing from specifications will -under
no circumstances be entertained. Bids for
delivery or Inspection at other points than
those named above will njt be considered.
Early deliveries are essential. Bidders must
' state In their proposals the rate and time of
delivery, should contract be awarded »o
.them. Preference • will be given to articles
of domestic, production, and manufacture
conditions of price and quality being equal
(ir-cluding in the price of foreign produc-
tion .' and manufacture ; the' duty.^there-
j on), and such ' preference will-' -be
; given to articles of American ; - produc-
', ' tlon and manufacture produced ¦ 'on the*
Pacific Coast to the extent of the consump-
I tlon required by the public sorvice there -The
United States reserves , the right to accept
-, or reject any or, all proposals' or . any part
thereof. Information and blanks for propo-
sals will, be furnished on' application. En- !
velopes containing proposals will be Indorse.!
. "Proposals No.. 3083," and , addressed ' to
MAJOR C. P. MILLER, . Quartermaster;. U
8. -Army. Depot Quartermaster. - -
¦"'.'¦ ":',,-.-
THE Investors' Agency, • 137 • Montgomery st, ,
~S. F.- Call or -write for particulars."
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannapan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. - Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3.
20 Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
Mil Olivet Cemetery,
NEAREST THE CITY.
Office, 916 Market Street.
' Telephone Bush 367.
JAMBS McGINN,
Formerly with McGinn Bros., has opened
new Funeral Parlors. at 214 Eddy st. bet.
: Taylor and Jones. Telephone South 578.
NEW FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS.
Samuel McFadden, IS years manager tor
the United Undertakers' Association; M. J.
McBrearty. with the same company for 13
years; P. F. Green, late- with J. C. O'Con-
nor & Co.. have opened new Funeral Par-
lors at 1171 Mission st. between Seventh
and Eighth. Telephone Soutb 44.
(UNITED UNDERTAKERS)
27w a» Fifth St. Tel. South M7 1
nnoRAL directors; and embalmers. I
nne«t Equlpm«nt _at >Ud«r»te . tt^tf*. .1 .
REMOVED!
mcGINN BROS..
FUNERAL DIRECTORS and EMBALM-
ERS. to 221 and 226 McAllister «t. (For-
merlv of 31 Edd- st. Tel. -South 232.)
ROjOMS__FOR HOrSEKEETOG^
GOLDEN GATE~avX"1i34^Very~ large base-
> ment ; . suitable lieht hcusekpg. ; tubs ; yard.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 1404— Two sunny front
bedrooms; kitchen. •
HOWARD, 1003— Two sunny connecting com-
pletely furn. rooms; running water; others.
LASKIE, 27, off Mission, near Ninth — 3 j con-
; ' : nectlng sunny furnished housekeeping rooms.
POLK, 1 1642 — Two sunny furnished front rooms
for housekeeping; gas range. ....
SEVENTH, 28— Sunny - furnished suite, $15;
. sunny. room; range; gas; $7, $8, $10,
TENTH. .149 — Newly furnished two . or three
housekeeping rooms; bath; piano.
TURK, 613 — 2 sunny connecting- furnished
.. housekeeping rooms, $12 per month.
TWENTY-THIRD. 3726, nr. Dolores^ — 2 sunny
Bay-window rooms; nice, neat, complete.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH of flee, for Call advertisements and
¦ subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. -
ROOMS TO LET — Fnrn. and I'nfarn.
XrGYLE Hotel, 234 McAllister— New, elegant,
sunny; 75c day upward; rates by week or
. month; McAllister cars to door: handsomest
: grill room in California attached.
A — BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth — Rooms.
25c to $1 pec night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
.light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
A— VENDOME, 1104 Market— Changed hands;
renovated; furn. suits. Mrs. .V. W. Miller.
ALL choice neat sunny suites or singles; day,
week or month; bath, phone. 332 Stockton.
BURNETT, 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
ELLIS, 321 (Mozart)— Nicely furn. rooms, 35c,
$150 night; $1 50. $6 week; open all night.
ELLIS, 1892— Western Addition; elegantly fur-
. nished sunny bay-window room; very cheap.
FOURTEENTH, 142 — Nice sunny room in pri-
vate family; rent $8. .
GEARY,( 428 (The Gage)— An elegant -suit of
. sunny rooms; also single; the above house
has changed hands and been renovated.
GEARY, 405 (The Navarre) — Elegantly furnish-
ed suites and single; travelers accommodated.
GENTLEMAN wants a gentleman to share
with him a large suite of rooms in a first-
class family hotel. Address L. H. C. 26
Montgomery st, room 14.
LARKIN, 804 — Large sunny room, neatly fur-
nished, suitable for 1 or 2 gentlemen; $6 50.
MINNA, 667, corner 8th — Newly furnished bay-
window room, $1 per week; transient. .
O'FARRELL, 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator, elec. lights; day, weelcj mo.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis — Incandescent light,
reading-room, £mc'.;lng-room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms, per night. 35c to $1 50; - week, S2
to $8 month, $8 to $30, elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth st.,
near Market — Furnished; also 3 unfurnished.
SUTTER. 717 — Nicely furnished - room with
bath; $S per month.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109G
Valencia st. '
ROOMS j AND BOARD.
FILLMORE, 1720,' near Sutter — Large sunny
room, newly furnished, for 1 or 2 gentlemen,
with or without board; also back parlor; gas,
bath and running water; private family^
MEREDITH, 218 Turk — Sunny front rooms;
electric lights; hot' and cold water; modern;
first-class board; reasonable; phone South 829.
CALIFORNIA, 807 (Stevenson Mansion) — Select
family hotel; exceptional table; popular rates.
Lambourne. 420 Eddy — High-class hotel; furn.
suites and dingle; steam heat; board optional.
VAN NESS. 607 — To a refined couple; large
¦ sunny parlor, ¦ with board, - in private - home.
VAN NESS. 519— 'Handsome furnished sunny
suites, single rooms: first-class table board.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
NOTICE Is hereby given that the Maria Kip Or-
phanage, at 520 Lake st, San Francisco, has
received the following orphan and half orphan
Klrls, from Jan. 1 to April 1, 1902: Hazel W.
"West. 6 yrs.; Daisy Rood. 11 yrs.: Elsie M.
Moggrlde, 2 yrs. 6 mos.; Blanche M. Wilson,
0 yrs.; Erol Goldstein, 10 yrs.; Hazel I.Wolfe,
12 yrs.; Louisa B. Loeser, 9 yrs.; Hattie H.
¦ Neindeck, 10 yrs.; Juanlta Tomllhson, 13
yrs.; Evelyn Raymaud, 7 yrs. .
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms 0-10: tel. 5580.
STABLES TO LET.
, STALLS to let. Apply at 847 Mission st, coal
- yard. \
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co..
.office Post and Powell sts.; tel. Main 5713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Mis-
sion st: tel. Howard 941. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 630 Market st:
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore St.: phone Jackson 281.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS- IN~TYPEWRITERS^We
sell better machines, for less money than any
¦ house in the city; rentals $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. S36 California; telephone Main 2C6.
WEBSTER . Typewriter Inspection Co. — Expert
• typewriter doctors: estimate free. 209 Sansome.
EXPERT typewriting 4c folio; copies, 2c; mira-
eographing. 927 Market, rm. 301 ; Jessie 1554.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
OFFICE of the Contra Costa Water Company.
: room 16. second floor. Mills building, San
Francisco. April 8, ; 1902 — Dividend No. 199 oi
42 cents per share on the capital stock of the
Contra Costa Water Company will be payable
r at the office of said company, room 16, second
floor, Mills building, on April 15; transfer
books will close on April 8 at 3 p. m. ED-
WARD McGARY. Secretary. -
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday:
Albert Lake. 26, 419 "Third street, and Flor-
ence Miller, 25, San Jose.
John T. Donohue. 21, 443 Page street," and
Annie S. Corbett. IS. 1075 Fell street.
. Richard Boveroux, 30, city, and Rose M.
Kast. 25, city.
Walter S. Crismon, 45. Portland. Or., and
Maye C. J. Farlow. 35. Salt Lake City.
Angelo J. Rossi. 24, 720 Green street, and
Grace M. Allen,. 21. 316 Sixth street.
. Harry Rees, 35. 517 Bush street, and Au-
gusta C.'. Lundqulst, 35, city.
Charles D. O'Connor, 25, 561 Natoma street,
and Mary E. Phillips, 24, 954 Harrison street
: Sam Jacobt, 3S, city, and Mignon D. Jacob-
son, 26, city.
George W. . Gannon. 25, Manila, P. I., and
Lydia L. Wood, 22, Grand Ledge. Mich.
• John J. Garrett. 33. 200 Turk street, and
Esther A. ¦ Doyle.- 23, 444 Minna street '
Albert -Kuhn,' 27, San Juan, and Lena Faix,
18. San Juan. •
Bernard Llchtisr, 23.. Sprlnsrfleld, Hi., and
Anna | B. McClellan, 24, 420 Eddy street.
• William Schweitzer. 22. 724 Mission street,
and Mary A. Rlley, 22. 1339 Pine s.treet.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHSL
' Birth., marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and . be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
COOKE^-In this city, April 15. 1902, to the
> wife of William Cooke (nee Hayes), a son.
ELSENER— In this city. April 11, 1902. to the
•, wife of Joseph J. Elsener, a daughter.
MOON— In this city. April 15. 1902. . to the
{ wife of Frank H. Moon, a son.
SKOOTSKY— In this city. April 13." 1902, to
i ' the wife of Albert . Skootsky. a son. •
WILLIAMS — In Alameda, April 13, 1902 to
, the wife of Frank J. Williams, a daoghter.
•:•"¦• DIED.
• Bonhardel. H. ¦ . -Kempff. Cornelia S
Brombacher. • Char- ' Murphy, James- D.
lotteS. ¦ ... ¦ - Nelssn. Violet R
' Churchman.- Alice L Nichols. Olive
, Clack. Sara • Norton. -William H.
Doollttle, Dorothy D. Thomas, William M.
'-.Edwards. Wm. T. Thompson, Wra. B.
, , Falk, Ernestine : Uhl. Ferdinand
Jones, Mary A. Wolf. Pavld <
Jones. Mary.G. * . ' Workman. Jane ¦••
Jovovich. Vladimir • Worsey. William •
BONNARDEL — In " Sebastopol. Sonoma' County
, Cal..* April 11. 1902, H. . Bonnardel. . aged 03
. years. •--.•:.-.. ' .- ... - .¦¦¦,-, . ¦ . •
; john figone;
Formerly head man 'at J. Jacquemet & Co.'s,
25 'Fourth st.. is now with .
Shibelej^ vfche Florist,
311^ Sutter st, where he 'will be pleased ¦ to see,
all of his old-time customers. : First-class work
and popular prices., Cut' this out
REAL ESTATE— CITY^-FOR SALE.;
EXsTONr^LDRIDGE^& CO. . ~~ "-•' "~ '" "
.638 Market st
AUCTION.
TUESDAY: ....... ... . . :.". . .".:; . .April -22, 1902
At Our Salesroom,' No. 638 Market st.
. • . At 12 o'clock noon. • . •
* ¦ PACIFIC HEIGHTS MANSION. "
' ' Southeast corner -fNo. 1 2424) - GouKh . and Va-
Ilejo sts.; elegant ' three-story and finished
basement residence of 16 rooms and 2 bathst
modern in all details: excellent marine view;
rents $1080 per annum; lot 25x00 feet;
. EXECUTOR'S SALE. '
Southwest corner, of : Harrison • and Juniper
sts.", between 10th and ' 11th sts. ; sold for the
estate of John D. Corkery, deceased, and sub-
ject „ to confirmation .: of Superior Court: .im-'
provements, stable, rents $10 a month; lot- 30x
100'feet. ¦ y •
SACRAMENTO-ST. RESIDENCE.
North : side (No. 2626) Sacramento St., 29 :!)
feet east of Pierce st; modern two-story resi-
dence, -8 rooms and bath; well built and in
good condition; in a very choice neighborhood;
lot 26x103 feet . ¦¦': .. .. _,_¦¦.-.-¦
MODERN MISSION COTTAGE. -
South side (No. 2717) 21st st. 75 feet east of
Bryant st; handsome new 'modern cottage, 7
rooms and bath; sanitary plumbing; porcelain
bath; high basement, etc. ; street bituminized;
cement sidewalk; lot : 25x85 . feet.
GOLDEN GATE-AVE. RESIDENCE.
- South side (No. 1107) Golden Gate ave., 82:6
feet west of Buchanan st. ; modern, well-built
two-story residence, 8 rooms and bath; . rents
$480 per annum; lot 27:0x137:6 feet ' .:.
SCOTT-ST.'. BUILDING LOT.
1 East side of Scott st, 112:6 feet, north of
Ellis st. ; a choice lot, level and ready for
building; suitable for flats; street bituminized;
cement sidewalk; lot 25x93 feet,-- .-, .'. • .
EXECUTRIX'S SALE.
South side (No. 415) Oak st. 165 feet west of
Laguna st.; well-built, modern cottage, 5 rooms
and bath; brick foundation; high basement;
rents $20 per month; lot 27:6x80 feet. - -
SAN BRUNO ROAD PROPERTY. .
East side (No. 2425) San Bruno road, near
Silver ave. ; lots 39-41. Thornton ' and Willlam3
subdivision- of Silver Terrace Homestead; store,
4 living-rooms and stable; rents $18 per month;
lot 50x100 feet. ¦ . ¦ ' ;
SILVER-ST. INVESTMENT"' :.
Northwest side (No. 30) Silver . St.. :.' 478:6
feet northeast of 3d st. : house 6 rooms and 2
rear flats of 3 rooms; rents $296 per annum;
lot 22x70. . ¦ ' ' •
HARRISON-ST. FLATS. : .
Northwest side (Nos. 912-12%) Harrison st,
125 feet west of 5th st* two flats of 4 rooms
each; rents $22 per month; lot 25x75 feet.
RICHMOND BUILDING LOT. .
South side Clementst., 82:6 feet' east 25th
ave.; choice building lot; street sewered; near
Sutro carhouse: lot' 25x100 feet.
SOUTH OF PARK LOTS.'
South side of L st. 30 feet east of 38th
ave. ; two fine lots in a district which a large
increase In value will occur shortly: lots 30x
ICO feet each. . ; :. .
E ASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,i '
638 Market St.
E ASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..'
s Market street ;
S160 000— Northwest corner. 100 feet front by
77:6 feet; ' 3 frontages; present Im-
provements in good condition; 2 blocks
from Stockton and Market sts. ; in the
50 varas.
$45 COO— Sutter st, near Stockton; lot 37:6s
100 feet /¦'-¦-:
$36 000— Six new elegant modern flats of 7
rooms and .bath, etc. ; latest model;
northwest . corner on Vallejo st. ; un-
excelled marine view; lot 40x120 feet;
rents $4000 -per annum.
$15,000 — California st, near Polk; grand key
lot; 50x137:6; old improvements pay
$1020 per annum; grand site for a
family hotel; would consider trade of
a Western i Addition residence as part
payment.
$14,000—50 feet on Sixth St., 25 feet on Morris
ave. (rear street), 165 feet deep; near
Harrison st. ; present old improvements
pay over 6 per cent; this is the cheap-
est property. on Sixth st, and has a
grand future. ¦ ,
$12,500 — Three new modern flats, 6-7, rooms'and
¦ bath; north side of Page St., near
Golden Gate Park; all the latest and
up-to-date conveniences; porcelain tub;
dome celling; handsome mantles; mar-
ble steps, etc.; rents $1350 per annum;
. 25x137:6 feet.
$8,000 — Three modern up-to-date flats, 5-0
rooms and bath; modern plumbing;
porcelain tubs; well built; first-class
condition; rents $780 per annum; near
Sixth and Folsom sts. . '
— Make offe*- must be sold to close an
estate; north side of Folsom st, oppo-
*V. .site 'Columbia "Square, between Sixth
. . and Seventh sts. ; well built 3-story
building- containing store and 4 flats;
rent $840 per annum; lot 25x75. feet
is alone worth the money.
$5,250 — The heirs wish to -divide the estate;-
make offer; .7 flats, 4-3 rooms ami
. bath; well built and In good. condition;
. always rented; near Seventh and Har-
rison sts.; lot 50x80 feet; rents ?081
per annum.
$5,000 — One ' of the best transfer corners on
Railroad ave., South San Francisco-
¦¦'¦- store and upper flat, 6 rooms and
bath; rents $600 per annum; corner lot
.• over. 50 feet 'front.
$3,500 — Store and house of 9 rooms, rear
• house of 4 rooms; rents $420 per
annum ; near Eighteenth and Valen-
cia sts.; lot 25x80 feet.
$2,000— Wood st, near Point Lobos ave.:
handsome cottage 5 rooms; lot 50:3^
xlOO feet ' .
$1,500 — North side of Geary St., near Lyon;
• cottage 5 rooms; lot 25x100; rents $11
per month. .
E ASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO,
'• .;. . 638 Market Street.
SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st.', .
Opp. Kearny, Real- Estate Agents and
Rent Collectors.
$175,000 — Corner within 2 blocks from Market
and Powell sts.: modern brick bulld-
' • \ ing; stores and 100 rooms; rents about
$000. .
$110,000 — Downtown investment ; rents $9600;
cash secured lease; 1 tenant.
$55,000— Half block from Orpheum. 1 /block
from proposed Crocker Hotel and new
v Flood building; stores and. lodglng-
i 'houses, i. ¦
$50,000 — O'Farrell-st. corner, Inside of Larkin;
. ¦ .70x77:6 feet; rents $285; - mortgage
$24,000 can remain.- ' . .
$45,000 — Second-st. corner.: few blocks from
• Market st; partly improved; lot 130
. xlOO feet.
$38,500— Sansome-st. corner; 68:9x137:6 feet;
want offer. ¦ '
$35,000 — McAllister st; corner; 85x38; good
Improvements; rents $220. ,
$30,000 — Fine business corner; 3 stores and 6
, flats; building cost $25,000; lot 68:9x
71; rents $2450 per year. . ;
' $30,000— Geary st.V near Jones; fine lmprove-
-. ments; rents, $170. ; •;-
$20,500— O'Farrell st, nr. Jones; 34:4x137:6 ft
$22,500 — North Beach gore corner; 75x110 feet;
, ' . stores and flats; rents $215. '.
$11,000— Modern flats; near Hyde and Sutter
¦ sts.: rents $90. . • . ¦ ,
$10,000— Golden Gate ave. flats; lot 27:6x120
¦ feet; 2 frontages; rents $77 50; this Is
a ' barjaln. ¦ • — ' '¦ ; ¦ ¦ ,v
$9.500— Rents $103; lot. 50x80; downtown ln-
- • vestment. -. ;
$5,500 — Geary-st. corner; 62 feet frontage;
• • half of property Improved; cheap buy.
¦ $5,500 — 6 flats; half block from new postofflce
. building; rents $52. ¦. -
$2,000 to $3000— Cottages In Mission and
, Western Addition. Call for list. .
• r RESIDENCES..- f,
$15,000--Modern Jackson-st. .residence; 12
rooms and bath; rents $100; . near
. Alta Plaza. ;
$6,750— Cozy • ' Page' st. ' residence; . vicinity
• ' Park Panhandle; every, modern con-
' venlence; lot 25x100 ft :
CHOICE UNIMPROVED PROPERTY. .
$30,000 — 137:6x128; northwest corner Gough
St.; marine and; panoramic view;
• choice residence site. , , ."
. $5 000 — 100x100; 1 block from Golden Gate
¦ Park.
$3,500—75x250 feet; Castro-st. corner; 3
V frontares. '' ": •
SPECK & CO., 667 Market st. .
JOSEPH STRAUB. ; . ,
..- r 850 Market st, corner Stockton..
• Telephone , Grant 177. ' •
Real Estate Agent, , v. . ;
.,, y Property Bought and Sold:
Rents Collected. .< . : .r-
$35,000— Best; opportunity to-day; 12 flats and
: residence with stable; pays 9 per cent;
t. * owner must leave on account sickness
$0, 000 — 2-story house, 6 rooms, ; bath, ; bo se-
.; ment,. laundry, garden;, everything In
.. i ..good, order; lot 25x92; Buchanan st."" -
I $7,000— Six flats on Harrison st, near Fourth*
25x86; renf $630 per annum. .
$3,800— New 2-story house In the Mission with
- •• '- store; sun all day. ;. .¦ - ...>-. ¦- . .,¦•
$12,500- : -Three new. flats on Page st, near Ash-
; bury; rents $112 50 per month.'
' ' $8,500- : -Jacks6n st, i near ¦¦ Baker; - - 3 ,. modern
(-.•t--.; flats; rents $81 50 per month.- ! r ¦ .¦: ¦¦
$10,000 — Baj-wlndcw house, of 3 modern fats-
rents $1000 per annum; lot 27:6x06: on
_" Scott st, near Geary; worth $12,000 ¦
•', $4,000—^Corner house and lot" 25x133;- 8*' rooms '
$2,400— Cottage of 6 rooms: well and 10 ;fruit
v " • trees in rear; lot 25x100; (at 2athand
\ ¦:'- Harrison:"- "¦ ' .'¦ ¦' '- , '<,: .¦ • . " .
. , $350-irCorner lot near Thirty-fourth and Slis-
,: slon sts,: 25x75. .. ..».;.¦
$250. each— Four' lots, 1:5x75;. near Thirty-
- fourth ] and (Mission sts. ; / ,
• " Mill : Valley — Cottage » of s 4 i rooms; furnished :
¦ lot 126x300; price $2000.. ¦ ,
Shasta - County — 640 acres of white oalc.
REAL , y ESTATE^CITY— -FOR^^SALE.
G. H.' UMBSEN & CO.,
- '' / ¦ ¦-- -. 14 - Montgomery st
''.--. AUCTION. '
At our salesroom, MONDAY. April 21. 1902, at
1 r . ¦¦ ¦ '--¦'„: ¦¦,--¦¦ X2 o'clocck noon. f ¦
FOURTH-ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
'¦-i ' . ' Partition Sale. .
Nos. 134 and 136 ¦ Fourth st. bet Mission
and Howard; good | substantial brick building,
containing . two . stores on ground . floor; upper,
floors occupied as a hotel; rents $287 50 per
month; lot ' 34:4y.xl6O irregular to Howard
court; two frontages. . : ¦ :.
CHOICE INVESTMENT ON GOLDEN GATE
V- .-v ;> .V :/ AVENUE. ; : ¦¦ .- ¦
Nos. 631 and 633 Golden Gate ave., near Van
Ness ave. ; 2 large substantial ; houses of . 10
rooms and bath; rent $100 per month; rear por-
tion of lot fronting Locust ave. ; vacant lot
50x120; two frontages. ¦ ¦ . ., . , '
SARAH J. BROWN ESTATE., , '.
;¦ -¦ ¦ : • Executor Sale. ¦ -
No. ¦ 1518 ' Larkin st. east I line, bet Sacra-
mento and Clay; substantial 2-story residence
of 7 -rooms and bath; must be sold to close an
estate;: subject to confirmation by the court.
.i -• ¦ E. HETHERINGTON ESTATE. -
¦"- Administrator Sale. * •
-¦•S.E. corner Seventeenth and Castro sts.; sub-
stantial 2-story and basement frame building
consisting of store,- 4 rooms and flat of 7 rooms
and bath; lot 25x100; subject to confirmation
by the court ' • • ' . ¦ ' - ,
CHOICE CORNER RESIDENCE. '
S.W. corner Scott and Oak sts.; modern resi-
dence of 9 rooms ¦ and bath, in perfect order;
, brick foundation; stone walks and both streets
accepted by the city; only three blocks from
Park;] bank mortgage of $3000 can remain; lot
25xlOC:3. •
CHOICE MISSION CORNER.
i S.W. corner Twenty-second and Bartlett sts. ;
| substantial 2-story bay-window residence of 12
rooms and bath, brick foundation, etc. ; rents
$40 per month. This choice corner could be
made to yield good results if the present build-
ing was "converted Into , flats and stores con-
structed on ground floor; close to transfer point
MISSION-ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
No. 2720 Mission st, west line, bet Twenty-
third and Twenty-fourth sts.; this choice prop-
erty will ' be offered either as a whole or In
subdivisions: dwelling contains 7 rooms and
bath; lot 100x125. '••
I CHOICE BUSINESS CORNER.
N.W. corner Mason and Lombard sts.; this
large ¦ corner properly improved .would yield
large returns; 60xS2:6. . .
: .CHOICE CORNER FRONTING PARK.
' N.E.-' corner.. Stanyan and Grove sts.; this
choice 'corner will be offered • as a whole or in
subdivisions; 50x106:3. .
REFEREE SALE.
Choice building lots. Fifteenth st. soutti'line
junction of Market and Fifteenth: 25x100 eacn;
subject to confirmation by the court
> ¦-¦' ..T. O'Leary Estate.
... Executor Sale. • .
N.W. corner Thirteenth ave. and P street
Soutb, Nos. 1110, 1118, 1120 and 1124 P et;
corner 25x100 not built on; rents $G3 per month;
subject to confirmation by the court. •
! MISSION BUILDING LOTS. Ec
Collingwood St., west line bet. Nineteenth
and Twentieth. ; ¦¦'¦¦-- •. • •
¦ . «. No.-l.
Building lot 27:6x125.
• No. 2.
No. 228 Collingwood st ; cottage of 4 rooms;
lot 27:6x125.
- For catalogues and further particulars ap-
ply to G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
. -¦ - 14 Montgomery st.
CHEAP new cottage 5 rooms; all modern Im-
provements; large lot; high finished base-
ment; on S. F. and San Mateo car line. Sea
owner on premises, Chenery and Fainnount
' ' f,ts. ; small amount cash, balance like rent.
$4250— 'A GOOD buy; Geary, near Fillmore: bay
window house of 7 rooms; modern plumbing;
house in first-class condition. JEROME ENG-
LISH, 11 Montgomery st.
SOUTHEAST corner of Harrison and Langton
sts. ; 75x75, "with Improvements: make an
offer. PATTERSON & CO., 11 City Hall
Equare. '
$10,000 EACH; appreciated- if seen; 2 new 12-
rocm residences on -Washington st. near
Laurel (Preeldio Heights) ; j open for Inspec-
tion from 11 to 3 daily.
$1000— DOLORES-ST. lot; THE MCCARTHY
.CO.. 646 Market st.
$8500 NET— House and lot 30x127% feet; 2
frontages. 2222 Jackson st. near Webster.
$3500 — MUST be sold ; $3000 cash only; rents
$C0. ' Apply 2623 Sutter st, near Lyon. ¦ -
$1000 — COTTAGE and lot at Sunnyslde. THE
MCCARTHY CO.. 640-Market st.
REAL ESTATE — COUNTRY — For Sale
$6500— 10 ACRES In bearlnB fruit; good build-
•ings; a first-class property; 5 miles frcn
¦ San Jose. . , . : . . - --;:.,
$5000 — 4 acres fruit and chicken ranch; new
¦8-room. house; ' large- barn, sheds, chicken-
houses; windmill and tank; 800 chickens; bug-
gy, wagon, cow, farm tools; % mile from town
and street railroad ; Alameda Co.
j And a I hundred other bargains In ranche«".
- Write, for our. free list; unimproved, orange,
grape,' grain, fruit end stock land for sale In
tracts of 5 to 300 acres in Alameda. San Joa-
quin and other counties.
HEALY & CARR. 927 Market St.. r. 208.
FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO
Small tracts, $60 tp $90 per acre, on Rancho
Cotatl.' g liif' future value assured, as
San Francisco 'Is growing rapidly; location
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotatl Co., 302 California St., for
pamphlets and information.
.PROFITABLE orange, lemon, peach and prune
lands to sell; right locality; bl? money; easy
payments. HEALY & CARR, 927 Mkt, r. 208.
Santa Clara Valley, San Jose and Peninsular
properties, see WOOSTER. WHITTON &
MONTGOMERY, 634 Market. S. F.. & San J.
CASH for your country or suburban property.
Land Dept, American Guaranty and Trust
'Co., Hayward building. . •
CHOICE country lands for sale. Land Dept,
AmericanGuaranty&Trust Co., Hay ward bldg.
¦'! SIIHURBAN REAL ESTATE.
ROSS VALLEY — 10-room furnished house, near
station, ' for rent from June 1; rent $60 per
month. J. TUNSTEAD. San Anaelmo.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS;
~ ESTATE.
ELEGANT cottage, fine large gaTd^nT^nuTrbt!
sold account departure. See owner 151S Ben-
• ton. Alameda, or 503 California, r. 218, S. F.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
COTTAGE of 7 rooms and bath: high base-
ment: easy payments. MURDOCK. 514 Pine.
OAKLAND IDVERTiiMENTS^
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
'OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$3850 — REDUCED FROM '$1500.
New Colonial 7-room house; open and nickel
plumbmg; : paneled dining-room, elegant side-,
board, decorated celling; In fact an ideal spot;
near business center, schools;, large lot;. drive-
way, lawn; terms $700 cash; balance' mort-
gage ; first come first served. J. S. MYERS,
1002 Broadway, Oakland, Cal.- ~
$1750— PRESENT CASH VALUE $3000.
Owner non-resident and must sell; lot 50x150;
0 rooms " and bath, all In perfect order; barn,
large chicken yard; private water supply, on
premises; only 1 block from Postofflce: .seeing
is believing; no reserve; my Instructions ure to
sell. - J. S. MYERS, r 1002 Broadway, Oakland.
$1750— COST OF; LOT. ONLY. , >
¦' Improvements given away; ¦ present ' Income
$15 per. month; two houses of 3 rooms each, In
good order - and , only - 2 blocks from the local
¦ train; near, business center; owner in destitute
circumstances and must sell at once for the
best offer received; seeing is believing. J. S.
MYERS, 1002. Broad way, Oakland. Cal.* '
$2500— $4000 PREVIOUSLY REFUSED. ~~
2 flats of 5 rooms each; all modern In every
respect; 2 blocks to local ¦ train ;. right In town;
mortgage ?2000 ; only ; $500 \ cash ; a guaran teed
.Income of -12 per cent -on the investment; 5
days.only at this . price. J. S. MYERS, , 1002
Broadway, 'i Oakland,* Cal. l - . ' ' ':>"
$10,000— FLATS, 3 blocks from » 14th : ar,d ;
• ¦ ¦ ¦ . Broadway t (business certer).' ¦
.'A guaranteed -Income for 3 years, underlease
at 9 - per | cent net on the investment ; property
has a business prospect. and should be, wcrth
$20,000 in one year;. stores now under construc-
tion adjoining this -property. J. S. MYERS,
1002 Broadway,- Oakland, Cal.* ; >: ,
THREE lots together. -, 160x131 : feet, . with 5-
... room •* house 1 . and ¦•¦ large- cellar,' In Oakland
* Township,' for 'sale at $1700. ¦, Box 1558. Call.
OA^^N^^UR^ITjURJEj^ORj^ALE.
FURNITURE good and cheap this month.^Tol
SCHELLHAAS. 408 Eleventh sty- Oakland. -
Mill :Valley Advertisements.;
!/,;;MiLL l^.VAt.LEY.;-''REAL | ESTATE." ''
S. ¦'• H.'v ROBERTS,!' real , estate , and . insurance,
'¦ Mill r Valley, Cal. — Houses" to -rent. • furnished
v; and unfurnished, -by the , season : or>year; Im-
- .y proved' and : unimproved ' property for sale. -
SEWING ; MACHINES "AND • SUPPLIES.'
ALL' kinds bought, ! sold/. rented," exchanged; re-"
,.; pairing;, lowest rates. Tel." Green 144. 205 4th.'
. ALL kinds : bought, sold, rented, ' ex. ; • repairing ; '
: : lowest : rates : uhone Howard ' 3264. 145 . Sixth.
• : jV.-'y MEDICAL. y
A— DR. O'DONNELL.- world-renowned special-
ist. — Ladles, all who are sick or in trouble,
consult the specialist on female complaints;
menstrual female complaints positively cor-
¦ reeled; the unfortunate helped; relief in all
cases taken; the most difficult cases treated:
have relieved thousands of ¦• most obstinate
cases; free, confidential advice on all subjects
of a delicate nature. DR. G. W. O'DON-
NELL. office & residence. 1018 Mkt. op. 5th.
MRS. D. WYETH — Well-known reliable ladles'
specialist; instant relief guaranteed; home in
confinement : hours 9 to 5 and 7 to 8. . Re-
moved to 1008% Market st, opposite 5th st.
MRS. D. KOHL— Well-known ladies' special-
ist removed to 1008% Market st, opp. 5th
st. ; hours 9 to 5 and 7 to 8 p. m.
MRS. SWEET, 6C6 Guerero st, near 18th —
Graduate of Royal University, Berlin; has 2S
years' experience In midwifery cases; takes
ladies before and during confinement; best
motherly care; infants adopted; confinements
$15; roonKand board $5 week; consult me be-
fore going elsewhere. Phone Blue 411.-
MRS. DR. GOODWIN, ladles' reliable special-
ist; maternity hospital; home for Infants free;
fee low. 900 Market St., opp. Emporium.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable ladles'
specialist; a private home before and durlng*"-
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
HINDOOHERB and MRS. DAVIES' original
method of treatment; maternity home; home
in confinement. 1126 Market st. S. F. .
DR ROSEN, ladies' reliable and sincere spe-
cialist 1007% Market: avoid delay; $10.
; DR. NG TOY KEE. 210 Stockton st, opposite
Union square; all diseases cured by herbs.
, MINES AM) ail.MJSG.
. THE Montezuma Mining Company of Wash*
. I ington has made its first shipment of black-
j smithing coal to California. . The superior
i quality of this coal makes it reasonably cer-
! i tain that It will supersede Pennsylvania and
' Imported coals In all our Western markets.
The company is putting up its first shipment
1 of coking ovens and has ordered 75 more.
• The shares (par value $1) will be offered for
a short time at 50e net cash and will no
longer be sold on installments. Montezuma
i Mining Company has made a good record
- I during the past year and is now only in' the
> beginning of its business. If should be a
i question of only a short time until the shares
reach par. For prospectus and reports aH-
: dress THE AMERICAN GUARANTY AND
TRUST CO.. Hayward building, San Fran-
i clsco, Cal. :
I ' '
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
! BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
i TOSH & WOLPMAN. 105-197 Fremont St.
A — BUYS, sell or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 23J-250 Spear st.
. BAR fixtures; big stock; Installments; billiard
and pool tables; easy terms or re nted. The
Brunswlck-Balke-Collender Co., 652 Mission.
NEW Harwood cash register: cost $155; will
sell for $125. 1427 Market st, bet Eleventh
and Twelfth. . ¦ >
j BOILERS, engines, pumps, dynamos, compres-
sors water pipe and belting, second-hand,
bought and sold. H. S. White. 130^i::2 Beale.
A— $3 60 Derby and Fedora hats, $1 75. Popular
Price Hatters, 330 Kearny at., near Pine.
FINE SUITS. $10: dress pants. $2 75' MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
WHITE doves for sale. 157 Albion ave.. off
' Sixteenth, between Valencia and Guerrero. .
FOR sale — 6 dachshunde; imported; best breed.
Box 4937, Call office.
FRENCH lady. Just from France, gives sam-
ples of fine hand-stitched collars. 831 Sutter.
j FIRST-CLASS equipment of . restaurant for
| sale cheap. Box 479-3, Call office.
i CHOICE fresh cows for sale. FRANK S.
! KNOWLES. Mission road, near Union Park.
TOR SALE at a bargain, a first-class harness
ehop. B. MAART. Valley Ford. Cal
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters (all
makes). ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montg'y.
00,000 GALLON redwood tank; 6500 ft. 2, 3. 4
and 6-lnch pipe. THOMPSON, 40 Main St.
FOR sale — Soda, water fountain, price $200;
original cost $S50. Drug store. Pine & Krny.
Edison phonographs, records, supplies, moving
picture machines, films. Bacigalupl, 933 Mkt
. GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2-hand
and launches. J. E. DOAK, 46 Fremont st
BOATS, launches, rowboats carried in stock.
BAKER &. HAMILTON.
i .
• SAFES — New and second hand. THE HER-
i MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st
, FOR second-hand machinery, engines and boilers
go to D.3.McMasters,SE.cor.2nd and Brannan.
• 1ST-CLASS 2d-hand modern engines -and boilers
1 bought, sold. Krogh Mfg. Co., 519 Market. -
i MAGIC lant-rns. new and 2d-hand moving pic-
. tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post St.
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE. 139 Beale st
• MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
[ WE pay $5 per 100 for names; send 10c for
blank book and particulars. The French
; Chemical Co.. 241 N. Fifth st. Phlla.. Pa.
¦ BIG prices paid for sealskin coats; also gents'
full dress and Tuxedo suits. Portland Loan
> Office, 25 Stockton st. ; phone Bush 484.
• TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
i theatrical goods. 154 9th st; tel. Jessie 2851.
' Wanted — lid-hand electric motors, all sizes, any
condition. FarnsworthElectrlcalWks..418Turk.
MOXEY TO LOAN.
A^HERMAN~MURPHY, 601-602 ExamTneTblg
$4,500,000 at Lowest Rates
On First and Second Mortgages
On Life- Interests in Estates
Property Being Held In Trust.-
Undivided Interests In Real Estate
• Life Insurance Policies; Estates in Probate.
Financial Problems of all sorts and sizes.
.IF YOU NEED MONEY
See HERMAN MURPHY. 601-602 Examiner.
AA— MANHATTAN LOAN CO. (Inc.). "
$300,000 at 5% and 6 per cent in sums to suit;
. City, Oakland. Town and Country Property;
second mortgages, life insurance and securi-
ties; loans on unsettled estates, undivided in-
terests in real estate and legacies; will pur-
chase above securities. MANHATTAN LOAN
CO., CROCKER BUILDING. -
' ANY AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT.
| First second and third mortgages.
1 Undivided Interest in real estate In probate..
Mortgages and. legacies bought; no delay...:.
• Get my terms before doing business elsewhere
[ R. McCOLGAN
' 24 Montgomery st.. room 3
' ANY proposition, any amount; C per cent; first,
second and third mortgages, estates in pro-
bate, interest in estates, legacies, undivided
1 interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
t cantile Interests, corporation loans. Rooms 16
. ltt floor. Chronicle big. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
' MUNICIPAL Loan Office. 103 Grant ave.. near
' Geary et ; phene Red 1603.
| HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, Jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store,- 846
Market st: tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third.
ON real estate, 1st or 2nd mortgages and on fur-
nitvre or pianos: no removal; any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER, 36 Geary St., room 36.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos; no removal;
I lowest rate; private, confidential. ORMSBY;
26 Montgomery st, room 7, opp. Lick House'.
A PRIVATE party loans any amount on furni-
ture, pianos: no removal: low rates; conflden-
tlal. WHITEHEAD (Wilson's). 1710. Market.
E. F. DISCOUNT AGENCY— Loans to salaried
people on their note.
THE TOUSLE Y CO 143 Phelan bldg.
Oil furniture, pianos; no removal; money quick;
i - lowest interest: easy terms; no brokerage; re-
Uable party. 1170 Market St., room 68.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc., by private
party; no removal; no commission; conflden-
tlal. Room 3, Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
ELFVING, 616 Examiner big. ; loans on pianos,
furniture, etc., at 2 per cent without removal;
I no brokerage charged; confidential; open eves.
$10 UP on furniture, pianos; no com.: private
party. St Ann's bldg.. C Eddy, rm. 72. 4th flr.
O. A. LANE, Mills building, will loan sums to
suit; Interest low; also easy payment loans.
' Private party; confidential; lowest rates; pianos
& furniture; no removal. . Garthels, 208 Post
ONE per cent on furniture: $5 a month on each
$1000; any security. 302 Montgomery st, r. 1.
Money loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, r. 44, Merchants' Exc, 431 California.
CASH loaned salaried people on note without
indoreer. MORRELL. 609 Examiner bldg.
3% ON furniture and planes; $15 up; norer
moval. Phone Black 1709. Room 81, . 0 Eddy.
ON furniture, pianos; lowest rate; no removal:
strictly private. LICK, 116 McAllister stl-
IF you want a home I will loan you money to
buy it A. E. RUDELL, 222 Sansome st .
LOANS money' on salary; no Indorser; Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. 309 Phelan bldg. ¦
_™ MOXEY WASTED./ 1 ;
RELIABLE firm wants to borrow $3000 to en-
large Us business;, a safe, legitimate propo-
sition; willing to pay a good Interest. Ad-
drcss box 1431. Call office.
" MATK.iaiO.VIAL. r j': ~~~
MARRIAGE bureau: est. 1887; reliable ¦ and
confidential: lists 10c. Mrs. Hertz, 706 Ellis.
THE TACOMA CO. STEliL CORPORATION
'jlit: TACOUA UJ, HLWL. COKfOHATlON'
'Jilt; TACOMA CU. S'lfciEL COttfOKATlO \*"
the tacoma co. isiK^L cuafOKATioA*
•IUK TACOalA CU. Siltl^ COrtt^JKATlON!
organized under tne laws of tne state of
Washington.
<~'apil&l $25,000,000
fcet aside lor properties 5,W0,OUO chares
'i reasury slock 2o,0oo,Oou shares
Total .25,000,000 shares
Par value of rhares. One Dollar, lully paid,
non-assetsable and without liability to holder.
Tlic Stares of this ccmnany are offered for
cash and on installment contracts Involving
Fraail monthly payments. TUe latter enabU-s
j-eople ol moderate means to secure, lX. small
oust and by easy payments, an interest ln'tue '
icrcjjan}-.
OFFICERS.
President, HENRY HEWITT JR.
Vice President, A. J. HAYWARD.
siecretary. EDWARD HOLTON JAMES.
Treasurer, W. E. BLIVEN
Chief Engineer, GEN. J. D McINTYRE.
Counsel, THOMAS CARROLL.
References — Dun's, Bradstreet's or any bank.
in Tacotna.
Selling Agents,
THE AMERICAN GUARANTY &. TRUST
COMPAN V,
H&yw-ard Building, cor. California and Moot-
tomery sis.,
San Francisco. Cal.
To whom all orders and inquiries should be
addressed.
COAL AND IRON.
The production of coal and Iron measures
the growth of modern civilization everywhere
It is easy to predict the future of a country
rich in the two minerals, which stand for
energy and strength. The great Northwest hES
leaped Into prominence as the home ot the
precious metals, so-called. The crowds have
passed unnoticed the timbered areas the vast
coal measures and iron deposits of Washington
and British Columbia lor the clitteiing but
elusive Diizes locked in the ice and enow ot
laraway Nome and the Klondike
AIMS OF THE COMPANY.
The wants of this xrowins country are the
opportunity of the Tacoma Company. Its plans
look u> nothing less than meeting- the Western
demand lor iron and steel.
The total consumption of Iron on the Pacific
Coast already amounts to over 3000 tons daily
Let us ask what the demand will be live years
hence, with the population more than doubled
and the commerce of the Pacific ours. At the
present time the freight charges on iron from
the East, the source of all of our supplies, is
$10 to flS per ton. This single item means a
clear, additional sain on every ton that the
i-omp&ny will manufacture
COAL AND COKE. IRON AND STEEL.
The work planned for the Tacoma Company
may be stated in a line: It will bring to-
gether, at a point oa Puget Sound already
selected, the coal and iron found abundantly
on its properties. It will mine coal; but
marketing coal it not the end of the com-
pany's business. Its abundant coal supplies
will be turned into coke; but neither is the
manufacture and sale of coke the end sought. ,
The coke is one step, and only one. in the ;
process of manufacturing finished iron pro-
ducts. On the one hand we control half a
dozen great coal fields, carrying limitless quan-
tities or the best coking coal and located with-
in thirty-five miles of tidewater. And we are
Is close touch with the rfllroad companies,
which insures the lowest transportation rates.
Our iron mines are so fortunately situated that
their products v.lll be carried In chutes to the
barges which convey it to the company s works.
Railroads can never bleed us with excessive
charpes. Our ores and the reduction works '
are both located en tidewater and we shall
own the shirs which convey the ore to the
jjlace of treatment Our coal properties again
are so near the company's works that a short
and inexpensive electric line will furnish our |
own transportation from mine to tidewater
should the necessity for it arise.
FINISHED PRODUCTS THE AIM. !
We have already ore in practically limitless ]
quantities. The ore, besides being of the high- I
est grade, is self-contained, so far as the !
operations of the furnaces are concerned. It
contains only traces of sulphur and Is free
from titanium. By the addition of a small
quantity of hematic, found abundantly upon
the holdings of the company, this ore is self-
fluxing, and the quality of the iron thus pro-
duced is pronounced by expert authorities equal
to the best Swedish. We shall doubtless sell
liig iron, but this, no more than the sale of
coal and coke, is the goal of the great en-
terprise we are inaugurating. The pig Iron '
will co to the markets of the world In the
shape of rails and bars and trusses and all
the multifarious forms in which iron is de-
manded in modern life.
BUSINESS REALITIES.
The idea is planted In business realities.
More than ten years ago the far-sigrhted m«-n
now at the head of the Tacoma. Cotnwiny bc-
fc-an putting tosether the great coal and iron
area* which are now the property of the coia-
1-ia.ny. It already has secured coal and iron
tuincient for its needs for years to come. It
has at its command Ereat capital and more
trnportanfThan' all its management, represents
the highest business talent and private wealth.
Seec thus the Tacoma is something more than
a company. It Is. In fact, a movement anal-
agcuE to the treat United States Steel Cor-
poration or the Standard Oil Company.
COMMUNITY DEVELOPMENT.
The development of this great enterprise
means the building of a great Industrial com-
munity. The company realizes all this and its
far-reaching plans extend to matters incidental
to the eeneral BCheme outlined above. The
growth of this community means greatly en-
hanced land values at the seat of the com-
pany's operations and corresponding profit
We are not prepared now to so at length into
this bra.ncli of our subject. It is sufficient
here to say that the company will- absolutely
control the site of this community of its own
creation. The Inevitable rise in values, the
unearned increment, will inure to the stock-
holders of the company. The profits of the
factories, stores, shops and bank so necessary
to community life will all go to swell the
•dividends of the parent company.
MANAGEMENT.
In the prospectus will be found condensed
sketches of the lives and business relations
of the officers of the Tacoma. Company. In an
especial decree the success of a mining enter- 1
prise depends on the character, integrity and
business ability of the men in charge. The
position and standing of these gentlemen in
business life are a sufficient guarantee of hon-
«st and efficient administration. Some eight
irreat dividend-paying enterprises, including
mines, banks, collieries and lumber companies.
eland to the credit of these gentlemen. The
Tacoma Company will be their ninth.
SUCCESSFUL MEN.
These men have all been successful. They
have the fullest knowledge and experience uf
mining and the broader walks of business life
Their reliability has been attested In a thou-
sand relations. Their talents and energies
have been placed unreservedly at the disposal
ot the cempany. -
Take the advice of one whose great fortune
came to him largely through Investments: "-I
never invest except with successful men. Show
me »n Investment in which successful men
are interested and pushing- and I go it blind."
SOURCES OF PROFIT.
This company had at its inception and be-
fore a single share of stock had been placed
en the market a great aggregation of very
valuable properties. These in many cat»?s are
now productive. Properties like the Marble
Bay holdings insure dividends at once. This
mine is a cividend-payer now and has been
ever since it was first opened. Our great coal
end iron interests also only await the installa-
tion of machinery, as fully planned, to make
large profits and corresponding dividends cer-
tain. These dividend-makers may be concisely
pointed out as follows:
1. — The immense deposit or high-grade Iron
et Redor.da and Texada mines.
2. — Ccal and coke from the Snell mines.
3. — Coal and «oke from the various Hay-
ward properties — 4000 acres.
4. — The lumber obtained from some 7000
acres of fir, spruce and cedar.
5. — Lot* at the townsite — some 1200 acres to
be fully controlled by the company.
<?. — The company's etoreg snd bank.
7. — A emelter to be located at Marble Bay
or the townsite.
R. — The great Marble Bay gold-copper prop-
erty, now yielding a handsome profit.
3.— The Inexhaustible lime and marble de-
posits at Marble Bay.
10. — Wharves, townslte and hotel at Marble
Bay.
11. — The great eold-copper deposits • on sec-
tion l*j. Texada Island.
12. — Profit from the company'* steamers and
barres operating in Puget Sound.
13. — Rolling mills, etc., to be located on
Pu^et Sound.
34. — The Darrington gold-copper mines.
15. — A great iron property In British Colum-
Ha Just secured.
A glance nt these Items, covering busloepc
already mostly in hand, ehows the enormous
va!u«>« back of Tp.oomt shared. ,
PRICES OF STOCK AND TERMS OF SALE.
Any order btaring date of April 15 or earlier
will be filled at current ?>rlce* of 12^4c cash
or 15c en installment*. Installment terms. 10
per cent down and 10 T>er cent monthly until
V-alfl. After April 15 the price will be 13>4c
cash or lGc on installments, payable on the
fcamr- tprrr.s. This ad\-ence is Flight as com-
pared with what will soon follow, as the shares
are being subscribed for in a large way and
ihe work will soon begin on the erection of
smelter and furnpxen.
Th* r.rospectu* will give fuller Information.
VlV will Kiipply it on request, by mall or phone
Main &803.
The third quarterly dividend will be paid
>:>ril 30. .
AMFRICA.:*. CUARANTY A TRUST CO..
Hayward Buildlnc. cor. California and
Montgomery sts..
San Francisco, Ca!.
CHKAPFM5T «nd beet In America— The Weekly
Oa!l. 10 pay>e. rent to anv ad 6 rex* In the
''nllM Rt»t«^t or Curtwds. on* y«»ar for tl .
MATTRESSES A\D PILLOWS.
TO crder; also cleaned and sterilized: uphcl-
tttry; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE EROS.. 411 to 415 Powell
et. : tel. Bu»h 421. : : . ;-. ,
Trrrr. Iron beds: mattresres: pillowy; window
fhs-des. J.F.Hotter.712 Mission: tel. Main 730.
BROMBACHER — In West Berkeley. Aortl 15.
1902. Charlotte Soi>hia. beloved daughter oi
Mrs. . Johanna C. and the late Jacob Hrom-
bacher, and sister of Emma. -Willie. Mary.
Annie. Otto and Hermann Brombacher and
Mrs. A. Bennintr. a native of Berkeley, aged
¦ 18 years 1 month and 7 days.
E7" Friends and acquaintances are resp3ct-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Thursday), at 2 o'clock, at the
family . residence, 1B47 Sixth street. West
Berkeley. Interment Mountain View Ceme-
tery.
CHURCHMAN— In this city. April 15. 1902.
Alice Lavinia Howard, dearly beloved wife
of William Churchman, and mother of Reece,
Pearl and Francis Churchman, a native of
Oregon, aged- 47 years 5 months and 20 days.
CLACK— In this city. April 14. 1002. Sara, bs-
- loved wife. of Sidney Chick, and mother of
Mrs. Shelley Pickles and Emily, ¦ George,
¦• Roeetta, Theodor and Cecelia Clack, a native
of Newtown. Ireland, aged 51 years and 23
days.
ICFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Thursday.
at 11 o'clock, from her late residence. 146tJ
Ellis street. Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery.
pOOLITTLE— In this city. April 14. 1902.
Dorothy Dean, beloved and only daughter o£
James H. and Susan M. Doollttle. a native
of Woodland. Cal.. aged 8 years 7 months
and 29 days.
K7Friendd are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Thursday), at
1:30 o'clock, from the parlors of Hotel St.
Nicholas. Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery, by special train leavinz Third . and
Townsend streets at 3 o'clock.
EDWAKDS — In this city, April 10. 1902. Wil-
liam Thumas, beloved husband of Augusta
M. Edwards, father of William Henry and
Ellen Aususta Edwards, and brother-in-law
of Mrs. A. Nelson. Mrs. Frank Sherwood,
Mrs. Hilda Them and Charles Them, a na-
tive of England, aged 57 years 9 months and
13 days. A member of Keystone Lodga No.
2107, Knights of Honor, and Ivanhoe Lodga
No. 5. Knlshts of Pythias.
Unfriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Wednesday, April 16, 1902, at -' o'clock, at
the mortuary chapel of the Golden Gate Un-
¦ dertaking- Company, 2175 Mission street.
near Twenty-first. Interment Cypress Law a
Cemetery. Remains at his late residence,
1147 Shot well street, until Wednesday, at
10 o'clock:
FALK— In this city. April 14. 1902. Ernestine.
Falk, beloved wife of Henry Falk. mother of
Sain Falk. and sister of Flora Rosenberg,
iihry Blund and Nathan Harris of Dallas.
Or., a native of Kolmar. Germany, aK*i 3S
years and 7 months.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of James McGisn & Co.. 21-4 Eddy
street, thence to 11:JO o'clock train. Third
and Townaend streets Interment Salem
Cemetery. i • ¦
JONES — In East Oakland, April 14, 1902. Mary
Ann Jones, beloved mother of Mary Annetta
Goodrich and M. A. Jones, a native of St.
John, New Brunswick, aged 82 years 11
months and 1 day.
E7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Wednesday, April 16, 1902, at 2 o'clock, at
the residence of her daughter. Mrs. Addison
• Goodrich, 1178 East Sixteenth street In-
terment private.
JONES — In this city, Apr!! 14. 1902. Mary Q-.
dearly beloved wife of Robert C. Jones,
mother of Edna G. Jones, and sister of
Frank and Harry Donovan and Mrs. Sadla
Casey, a native of Boston.' Mass., azed *31
years 7 months and 15 days.
(E^Services will be held this (Wednesday)
morning, at her late residence. 453 Devisa-
dero street, between Oak and Fell. Inter-
ment private. Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by-
electric funeral car from Elshteenth and
Guerrero streets.
JOVOVICH— In this city. April 14. 1902, Vladi-
mir Jovovich. son ot Mrs. Anna Jovovich.
¦ brother of the late Peter and John Jovovich.
nephew of the late Ella Chielovlch. and
cousin of Daniel Chielovlch and his sister.
Mra. M. J. Fottrell, and Adam Vrcevich.
Bozo Radovich, L. Radovich. Peter Popo-
vlch. and John S. Radovich, a native of
Risano.-Bocche di Cattaro. Austria, aged -ti
years.
. C^The funeral will take place Wednesday,
at 1 o'clock, from the Russian Church. In-
terment Servian Cencetery. San MatSo
County. Remains at the funeral parlors of
McGinn Bros.. 224-22G McAllister street.
KEMPFF— In Oakland, April 11. 1902, Cor-
nelia Selby. beloved wife of Rear Admiral
Louis Kempfl.
inTFuneral -services Thursday. April 17. at
11 o'clock, from St. Paul's Church, corner
Fourteenth ai>.d Harrison streets, Oakland.
Interment private.
MURPHY — In this city. April 15. 1902. at his
residence, 74S Clayton street. James Doug-
las, beloved son of Anna and the late Daniel
Murphy, a native of San Francisco.
NELSEN— In this city, April 15. 10U2. Violet
Ruth Nelsan. dearly beloved daushter of
Nils and Josephine Nelsen, and beloved sis-
ter of Christopher. Jenny and Arthur Nelsen.
a native of South Vailejo, aged 1 years i
months and 17 days. '
NICHOLS — In this city, at the home of her
parents, 217 Mississippi street, April 14. 1902.
Olive Nichols, beloved daughter of William
T. and Mary V. Nichols, sister o£ Carl Nich-
ols, and granddaughter of Mrs. Mary Rob-
erts, a native of New York, aged 8 years «
months and 29 days.
IDrFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 10 o'c;ock, from the home
•of fcer grandmother, 242 Mississippi" street,
between Seventeenth and Eighteenth. -' In-"
terment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by car-
riage.
NORTON— In this city. April 13, 10C2. Willia-n
H.. beloved < husband of the late Mary B.
Norton, and father of Katherine T. and
Josephine C. Norton, Mrs. J. F. Naughtoa,
Mrs. M. J. McBride and Mrs. A. C. Rouard.
and brother of John Norton, a native of
Athlone. Ireland, aged 75 years 4 months
and 1 day.
ICTFriends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral Wednesday. April 16. at 9
o'clock, from hi3 late residence. 2125 O'Far-
rell street, thence to Holy Cross Church,
where a solemn requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his- soul at 9:3O
o'clock. Interment Hoiy Cross Cemetery.
THOMAS— In Somersville. April 15. 1902. Wil-
liam M.. beloved husband of the late Cath-
erine Thomas, and father of James A., Wil-
liam A. and Frank Thomas. Mrs. William.
Latimore and the late Mrs. Edward McKIp-
ney, a native of Cornwall. England, assd 74
years 4 months and 12 days.
THOMPSON — In this city. April 14. 1902. Wil-
liam . Bertread. beloved husband of Josto
Thompson, a native of Liverpool. England,
aged 35 years 10 months and 1 day.
G?"Friend3 and acquaintances are respect-
' fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 11 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of the Pacific Undertakers. 777 Mis-
sion street, between Third and Fourth. In-
' terment Cypress Uwn Cemetery.
UHL— In this city, April 15. 1902, at his resi-
dence, 982 Union street. Ferdinand. ba{oved
husband of Anna Uhl. and father of Georfj*
V. Ferdinand, Rudolph. Anna C. Mary a.
and Leo Uhl, a native of Bavaria. Germany,
ared 59 years.
WOLF— In this city. April 14, 1902. Darld.
beloved husband of Henrietta Wolf, father
of James. Ben. Arthur, Henry. Sanford and
Leon Wolf, Mrs. L. V. Wertheimer and Mr?.
'I. Con'stlne. and brother of Mrs. Bertha
Bamherger. a native of Bavaria, axed 73
years 3 months and 20 days.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
< Wednesday), at 10:15 o'clock, from the fam-
ily residence. 1866 Ellis street. Interment
private. Please omit flowers.
WORKMAN— In this city. April 15. 1902. Jane
Workman, second daughter of William Eas-
dale Esq. of Belfast, Ireland, a native of
Willow Bank, Belfast, Ireland.
WORSEY — In the City and County Hospital,
April 15, 1902. William Worsey, a native of
Engtand. aged about 60 years. ¦ .Continued on Page Thirteen.
Condition of the ¦Treasury
WASHINGTON, ATjril^.-^To-day's- state
ment of; the .Treasury -balances ,in '.theV general
fund, : exclusive : of "the r . $150,000,000 ; gold re
serve, shows: .'Available cash 1 balances, $175.
850,221; gold, S92.861.9t52.; - ,
New York; Metal* Market.
j NEW ,. YORK,: April S 15.— Dealings in copper,
under the new rule, were, inaugurated to-day at
the > New 'York ', Metal Exchange. The ' trades
THE COAST RECORD
NEW YORK. April 16.— Close: Money! on
call,, firm,. at^3%@5%7 per. cent;' closing^'-bld
and asked, > 4@4% per cent, v Prime'; mercantile
paper, 4%@5% t per : cent.'. /Sterling ;<exchange,1
heavy," with : actual j business In bankers' 'bills
at $4 '87% -for demand t and at $4 85©4 85% for
sixty days'. Posted rates. « $4 86 and, $4 88%.
Commercial ibMs,;-c$4 84%<3>4 85%.--";, Silver/
K5%c. Mexican dollars, . : 43c. ."¦• Government
bonds.j steady; 'State? bonds. 1 Inactive; -railroad
bonds, irregular. HRRBttHirafiXH
New York Money Market.
Last This i Last
Stations— 24 hours. Season. Season
Eureka 0.00 4<I.5S 44.58
Red Bluff .0.00 29.71 22. CS
Sacramento 0.00 10.28 17.50
Pan Francisco 0.00 17.36 18.99
Fresno 0.00 6.40 10.39
Independence ...... 0.00 4.23 5.81
San Luis Obispo 0.00 24.18 27.67
Los Angeles 0.00 10.44 14.18
San Dieero 0.00 5.85 - 10.60
tSan Francisco data — Maximum temperature,
; minimum, 00; mean, 58.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures were reported from Eastern stations:
Boston 52-34 Kansas City 54-42
Cincinnati 50-34 Duluth 48-34
Philadelphia 50-40 Omaha ... . .60-44
Jacksonville S0-(2 Chicago 40-36
"Washington 56-42 (St. Louis ...56-40
New York 4S-38jSalt Lake City... 48-34
'- BEEF — 7©7 %c for - Steers and * 6@7c per lb
for Cows. .. -.- .. .- .- , ..... : .'
VEAL — Large, 7%@S%c; small. 8%@10c per
pound. < . *?,
-¦- MUTTON— Wethers, 8%@9%c; Ewes, 8@8%c
per ib. . ¦¦.:,¦ -,
.' LAMB— Yearlings, 9@10c per lb: Sorlns
Lamb, ll%@12%c per lb. . . - olJ ""«
:PORK — Dressed Hogs,-7%@9%c per lb.
: . -LIVESTOCK MARKET. O
The following. quotations are for good sound
livestock delivered at San - Francisco, less 50
per cent shrinkage for cattle:
CATTLE— Steers. 8%©9c; Cows and Heifers.
(7@t%c; thin Cows, 4@5c per ' lb.' •
CALVES — l%(S5%c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers, 4%@5c; Ewes, 3% ©4c per
lb (gross weight). -. - . T
- LAMBS— Suckling Lambs,; $2 50@2 75 per
heail or;5%@6c per lb llveweight; ,yearllnxs,
4%ft5c:per-lb; • -/ ' • : - ¦ • • " -.
•- HOGS — Live ' Hogs.- 200 - lbs and under, ¦ 6 %a
6%c; 200 lbs and over,-:6 ! $!i®6%c; feeders, 5%@
6 He: ' sows,* 20 per ¦ cent oft; boars, . 50 per cent
off, ¦ and stags,- 40 per cent > off from the « above
quotations. -. .
General-Merchandise.
." '-> BAGS— Grain • Bags. June . and "July, 6c; . San
I Quentin, 5.55c; Wool. Bags, "32®35c; Fleec»
Twine. 7%@Sc.
1 .'CANNED ASPARAGUS,— The . California
Fruit ; Ca nner3" c Association , quotes v the follow
1ns, prices for 1902. per case. 2 dozen cans to
¦¦¦_, Hogs rule firm at the advance already noted;
with grain-fed scarce.;. All other meats remain
as before. Beef being steady and Mutton firm. '
I DRESSED MEATS.
; Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows :.• ..'aHMBbgMBMiM
San Francisco Meat Market
BOSTON. April 15.— Not ; much' change for
Boston ; Wool i Ma rket,
" ST. JOSEPH.;Mo., "April 15.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts;, 1850. 1 t Steady. '.¦ Cows and 'heifers : $1 25
@C C0:-veal^. $3 25@5 75; . stcckers and feed
ew;;$2'C0«?3 50 ¦, . • .- .
'.¦¦¦ HOGS— Receipts. ' 6300. ' : Steady. Light > and
light" mixed; $7@7» 15? medium and heavy. 1 $7 10
@7 30: pigs,' $4 75@0 25 •"• ...
- SHEEP— Receipts. . 2500. . Steady. Western
la mbs. ¦- $«(g 6 80 ; -Western sheep. : $4 50@0.
ST.. JOSEPH
i CHICAGO, j April : 15.-^-CATTLE— Receipts,
400C, v. Including I no jTexans.'j • Steady. >' Good ; to
prime- steers.- nominal,: $6 70@7 40; poor to me
dlum,'.$4. 75@6 DOj.stockers^nd feeders. ' $2 75ffii
5 25; -cows, :$2 40«6 50; heifers,- $2 50©6 35;
canners, $1 40(fJ;2 50: bulls. ;$2 50@5 45;; calves,
$2'60@0 25; Texas ; fed i steers* $3 25@6 25. ¦ V -
HOGS — Receipts * to-day, i 1S.O0O; to-morrow.'
25.000;' left i over,- 3000; 5@10c > high«r. -,. Mixed
and butchers,' $6 85@7;35; good to choice heavy.,
$7 25(37-35; roughheavy.$7©7 25; light.' $6 20
@7-10;;bulk of 3ales,' $7(517 2B.' . .
• SHEEP— Receipts. 1 14,000; '? sheep, strong .. to
10c higher; ;¦•¦¦ lambs, /steady.', '-: Good -". to : choice
wethers.'' $5 25@0 50; fair to choice mixed. $4 T\
@5 40 ; '.-.Western sheep Jand yf.arllngs.v $4.75®
0 ; '. native • lamba.'V shorn. = ?4 75@6 50 ; r Western
lambs," shorn, • $5 25@0.90. - : :"
CHICAGO.
Eastern 'Livestock Market.
"Wheat. United -States: and Canada, east of
the Rockies,' decreased 3.464,000 bushels; afloat
for and in Europe. Increased 100,000 bushels.
Tctal; supply .decreased, <3,3fi4. 000 bushels.
•, Corn. United States and Canada,' east of the
Rockies, decreased 1,325.000 bushels.- v" , .
' Oat?. United • States and - Canada, . east of the
Rockies, 1 . decreased 422,000 bushels.
. NEW YORK, , April 15.— Special cable and
telegraphic advices received by Bradstreet's
show.ithe following* changes ) In available sup
plies as compared with-,. last account: ..';.
A vdilable Grain ¦ Supply.
The following- are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of the same
date last season and rainfall in the last twenty
four hours:
(120th Meridian — Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANXISCO. April 15—5 p. m.
Weather Report.
Copper • shares were : dull . on , a fall , of * the
metal to, £53% the. ton. : Money is wanted"; for
bank repayments and: a' call for £2,000, 000' on
the Imperial Tobacco shares.'^ r „¦ ... v • ¦•
American stocks * opened . good. , reacted and
recovered in - the afternoon under the . lead " of
Southern Railway, which /jumped '5:' points on
New York's 'heavy buying. , This confirmed the
belief that the Southern is acquiring Louisville
and Nashville, some say on a basis of 120 and
othors: think 150 nearer the ; figure/ - The '. close
wai excited but not at the top.' U - : , '. >".•¦.,
NEW TORK. April 15.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The stock: market was more active and strong
in peace l^pes. English rails are returnlng-to
favor. -*. Consols 1 ,' fluctuated br^^een; 91%@05.
There Is'some doubt as to the form of '.the Is
sue and the close was at the wor3t. as? It is
understood that ' the loan ; will ,: be ; In 1 consols
£32,000,000 at 94, equivalent to 93%. allowing
for. a bonus of the first quarter's Interest. It
is understood that: the loan la already :under
written by the : Morgans and Rothschilds, a The
prospective is expected to-morrow.- . ¦
London Market.
• Offerings of New,- Potatoes . were ¦ liberal and
prices ¦ were. a shade ¦ lower."-.;. The ; situation : in
old Potatoes" and. Onions '.was ; unchanged. The
Oregon; steamer -arrived -with '7328 sacks Pota-"
tees and 434 sacks Onions, but had not finished
discharging up to a late . hour, and ¦ full figures
were ; obtained for. what f ew .: were- sold. r ; Green
Onions\were." higher,- owingito; the scarcity of
fresh supplies, .although '. there . were ' large quan
tities' of carrled-over stock lying around. ; •
: - Asparagus waa. lower, "as receipts .were heavy
and supplies, were more than sufficient for local
requirements. .*-. Fine large '. Rhubarb ? from ' San
Jose sold readily at. full, figures, 'but small stock
from ? across '% the ; bay t was -hard ; to j sell.%i Peas
cleaned up well. Receipts of Los Angeles vege
tables .were light and /the quotations are chiefly
for carried-over 'StocJc.-d>4M5BBMMMHB$SBtteg
--' POTATOES— New ¦,. Potatoes. 2%@3c , per ' lb
old. $1 35@1 ; 55 for i Burbanks -from the river;
Oregon' Burbanks, $1"45©1 85;.-Oregon Garnet
Chiles. i'—:—;' River Reds, -$l-50@l (10; Early
Rose,>. for i seed. ; $1 SO^l- 65; ' small *¦ Burbanks,
forseed. $1 IO131 35; -Sweets, $1 85., v
. ! ONIONS — Oregons, 1 ?2«t2 . 25 for the best and
$175@" -.for-, lower.; grades; -.Australian,. *$3(g;
3 50,'; second .» hands; : .Nevadas, .,$2 35; ; Green
Onions. 40@60c per box. . .-¦ . . ; .- v • * ./; t , : .,¦
- VEGETABLES— Asparagus. ; extra' fancy, * $2
@2 25 per box, ¦ $1 6001 75 for ;No. 1 and $1 25
®1 50 for, No. "2: * Rhubarb,'-, 25c©$ljper; box;
extra? fancy, f $1 25@1 50; Green Peas, ¦. 2Vi@;>c;
String ; Beans, . ¦ from ¦> Los - Angeles,-, 8@12c, *. In
cluding .Wax; Cabbage,' 40@50c per ctl: Los An-'
gels iTomatoes, c75c®$l 25 ; per 3 box ' and $ 1 ©1 25
per crate; '.; Mexican --Tomatoes,': 75c@$l 555 per
,box,' : Including, repacked ; Dried Peppers.i 10@llc
per 'Ib; : Los Angeles 'do,-- 13pl7%c: : Dried | Okra,
i 12%«J20c i per ' lb ; '• Carrots, 7, 75c per J sack ; ; Hot
• house - Cucumbers, 50c@$l ' per ¦ dozen > for -: small
Potatoes, On ions and Vegetables.
The depression in whlto Beans, continues and
allohanges are'ln the direction of lower prices.'
Colored arequlet and none too steady,= but they
are less 'sensitive than .white. Seeds are nom
inal,, with, nothing iinlni '"t 'TrTHWll^irniiirtllllll
BEANS — Bayos, $2 40@2 CO; small White,
$1 75i?f 2 10;' large White, $2@)2 15;-Pea. $3®
325; Pink, $1 90(^2 30; Red, $2 25@2 50:
Blackeye, ¦ $4 f.OiJM 75 ; Llmas,* $3 25@3 50 ; Red
Kidneys. $3 50®4 per ctl. -• -
SEEDS— Trieste Mustard, $2 50^2 05; Yel
low • Mustard, ' $3 25@3 50;-. Flax. $2 25@2 50;
Canary. 3%c-' for Eastern;" Alfalfa from Utah.
10%@ll%c; California. 10@10%c; Rape, 1%@
2Vic: ; Hemp, 3%c; per lb. ¦ ¦ . >
DRIED PEAS— Nlles,;$l 60@2; Green, $1 50
@2; Blackeye, nominal. - -.
Beam r-a)w I Seeds.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat > May. July.
Opening .................. 5 11% . ' .5 10ji
Closing 5 11% 5 10%
PARIS. , -
AVheat— - April. , Sept.-Dcc.
Opening ..;:v22 15 20 45,"
Closlng v 22 30 20 45*
;-,:Flour— . ¦ '. ,- .' - : : '¦}. ' *¦ ''¦¦'- " ' •
Opening .'...... 20 70 26 45
Closing. .... .'.-.'.¦•.•¦. .¦".'•• 26 90 '20 50
HIDES. AND SKINS — Culls and brands sell
about l%c under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, 10%c: medium, 9©9%c; light, 8@8%c:
Cow Hides." 9c for heavy and 8@8%c for light;
Stags. G«?6%c; Salted Kip. 8@8%c; Salted Veal,
9ffl0%c; Salted Calf." 10c; Dry Hides. 16c; Culls.
14c; Dry- Kip. 13c; .Dry Cair. 18c; Culls. and
Brands. 15c: Sheepskins, shearlings, 20@o0c
each; short Wool, 35® 60c each; medium. 65®
75c; long Wool, 90c«?$l 10 each: Horse Hides,
salt. $2 75f$3 for large and $2 25@2 GO for me
dium, $1 for email and 50c for Colts; Horse
Hides, dry. $1 75 for large. $1 25@1 50 for me
dium. $1 for small and 50c for Colts. Buck
Skins — Dry Mexican,' 32%c; dry salted Mexican.
25c; dry Central American, 32%c. Goat Skins —
Prime . Angoras. 75c; large and smooth, 50c;
medium, 35c"
TALLOW — No. 1 rendered. 5% @6c per lb;
No. 2. 4%«?5c: grease. 2%@3%c.
WOOL — Spring — Northern free. 14@16c; do
defective/. 13@14c; Middle county free, 13<§I15c;
rto. defective, 12@13c; Southern, 12 monthi-,
OtfJlOc; do, 7 months. 9@Uc; Foothill,' ll@13c-
Nevada. 12@15c pev lb.
HOPS — ll@12c for fair and 12%@14c per
lb for good to choice, first hands.
Hope stand as before quoted.' The market Is
without feature, as usual at this time of the
year. . - * : ""
There is nothing new in Hides, dry stock be
ing steady and salted in large supply and
weak. ~ .
The local, Wool dealers report nothing going
on.; as buyers are holding; off. waiting for the
outcome of the strike In the East. Few North
ern Wools of any consequence ' have been re
ceived thus far. r Quotations remain unchanged.
Hides, Tailozv, Wool and Hops.
. There. Is no change In" the situation. Bran
ia very' firm,*. Middlings are steady;iand -Hay.Is
mcra- or less weak at the familiar prices, with
plenty coming In to satisfy, the demand.
BRAN— $17«il7 50 per. ton' -
MIDDLINGS— $19 50(g21 per ten.
FEEDSTUFF3— Rolled Barley. ?21@21 50 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at. the mill.' $25@26; Jobbing,
$21'. r>((Tt27; Cocoanut Cake, ?20ra21; Corn Meal,
$29@29 50: Cracked Corn/ $29 5C@3O; Mixed
Feed, $1('@17; Cottonseed Meal, $26 50.
' HAY — Wheat, $0@lt R0; Wheat and Oat.
$S5C(S:l]; Oat. .$.S(g:lO 50; Alfalfa. $8@11;' Clo
ver,^?7@J; Volunteer,' $0 50S8 50; Stock, $(j@8
per ton. - . -
STRAW— 10@65c per bale.
Hay and Feed stuffs:
Flour and Millstjiffs.
FLOUR-rCalifornia Family Extras, $3 50®
3 75, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 40@3 50:
Oregon, $2 .75@3 25 l^er barrel for family and
?3<J?3 50 for Bakers' ;¦, Washington -Bakers', $3
@:{ no. , ¦ \- .¦ -
.•¦: MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lov;s, . usual, discount to the trade: Graham
Flour,*.'! per 100 lbs: Rye. Flour," $3: Rye Meal.
?:'. 75; Rice Flour,' $7;. Corn Meal, $1 25;:extra
cream do. $t: Oat Groats, $5 25; Hominy,' $4(fi
4 25; Buckwheat Flour, $4 5O@4 75; .Cracked
Wheat, $3 50: Farina, $4 50; Whole -Wheat
Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oat8 (barrels),, $7 35«0;-ln
sacks, SO 85@8 50; Pearl Barley, $5 50; Split
Peas,, $5 50; Green Peas, ?6 50 per 100 lbs.
Bid. Ask. 1 Bid. Ask.
*s qr coup. .111 112 '4s qr c(new)139V41-'»%
4s qr reg... Ill 11H4 8s qr coup.. 109 110
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5s. 91% — Oc SS Co 5s. — 100
Bay CPC 5s. 107% — Ombus C 6s. — —
Cal-st Cs 118 — Pac G Im 4s. 96%100H
C Costa 5a.. 110% — iPk & C H 6slO7
Ed L&P 0s. — — Pk & O R 6stl7 120
Fct&C H 6s. -i — 123 Pwl-st R Cs.llH —
Geary-st 5s.. — — Sac EGR 5s. 102% —
H C&S 5%.— — ;SF & SJV5s.l20*il21&
Do 5s..... 96 •¦ — 'Sierra Cal 6sll4 —
L Ang R 5s.118%11» S P of A 6s
L A L Co 6s. 103 105 (19C9) 113VS —
Do gtd 6s. — — (1910) ....114% —
• Do gtd 5s. 102%104& 3 P of C 6s
L A & P 5s. 102% — (190r.)Sr A. — lOSfi
Do lem 5s. 102% — ' (19CE)Sr B.107% —
Mkt-st C 6s. — 130 (in0*5> 10S)%109%
_ Do lem 5s. 121 121% (1912) ....U0%121
N R of C Gs.112 — S P of C 1st
Do 6s .121%— cgntd5a..l2O —
N Pac O^ 5s.H0 — Do stmpd.111% —
N R Car 5s. 114% — SP Br Ca»i3.139 —
Oak Gas 5s. — 114 S V Wat 6s. — 111%
Oak Trn 6s. 124 — 1 Do Is 2dm. 103% —
Do 1st cr.s.114 — l Do 4a 3dm.l01%102%
Oak W G us.103 — Stkn G&EC3.1C2 104
WATER STOCKS.
Contra "Costa 78 • -7S% "Port Costa. . 6.1% 66
Marin Co.... 60 Spring Val.. 92 92%
i GAS AND ELECTRIC. :
Cent L & P. 2% — 1 Pac Light.... 45 —
Eqt G L Co." 3% :t''|Sac E G&R. 32 37%
Mutual .. — 4% 13 F G & E. 42% 43
O G L & H. 57% — S F G L Co. 5V4 6
Pac G Imp.. 37 W. 3S%lStktn G & E. S —
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fnd.265 —
Amer B & T.101 — ; First Nationl —
.Anjrlo-Cal .. — 91 ( L P & A. . . .1«T. 170
California :..4-»2 — Mex Ex diet) \ny s —
Cal Safe Dn"" ' *<.S F Natlonl.140 ' —
\- ¦¦.'? BANKS.
; German ... .2000 — *iv & Loan. — 100
Humboldt .. — — " ! ;curity Sav. — '340
I Mutual Sav. SO 87 *fa a Ion Trst: 1825 —
! S F Sav U. . 525 —
V .AlLROADS.
Californ:a V. 16 !%»..*. Market 100
Geary,......— CO I Presidio .... 35
UNITED STATES BONDS.
STOCK AND B01ID EXCHANGE.
* -
, TUESDAY. April 15—2 p/m.
Local stocks and bonds were dull and feature
less on the morning session, but on the OU
.Exchange there was a- lively time ta Sterling,
some 9500 shares Belling at SI 50@l 60. accord
ing to option. Otherwise the oil stocks were
tame.
In the afternoon Giant Powder was higher
at $78 503178 S7Vi. and 11,000 shares of Pe
troleum Center oil sold at 0@llc, an advance.
The following were ex-dlvidend yesterday:
Contra Ccsta Water Company, regular month
ly. 42c per share, - amounting to $20,590 92;
Port Costa Water Company, regular monthly.
30c per share, amounting to $1500; Oakland
Gas, Light and Heat Company, regular monthly.
25c - per share, amounting to $7500; Bank of
California, regular quarterly, $4 per share,
amounting to $80,000; California Safe Deposit
and Trust Company.- regular quarterly, $1 50
per share, amounting to $15,000; Presidio Rail
road Company, regular monthly, 30c per share
(advanced from 20c), amounting to $3000; Four
Oil Company, lc per share, amounting to $3000;
Pacific States Telephone and Telegraph Com
pany, quarterly, $1 50.
The f ollowlng quotations for the United Rail
ways of San Francisco were received yesterday
from New York by Bolton, De Ruy ter & Co. :
Common stock. $23 50@24; preferred. $61 62%
©61 87%; 4 per cent bonds. $89 75@90 25; sub
scriptions, $101 50@101 87^4.
The California Fruit Canners' Association
has declared the regular monthly dividend ot
60 cents per share, payable April 21.
The Onomea Sugar -Company has resumed
dividends and has declared one at the rate of
20- cents per share, amounting to $10,000. pay
able May 5. It is stated that these dividends
will be continued monthly hereafter. The last
¦previous dividend was paid in April, 1901. and
was at the rate of 25 cents.
.Dealers are talking of a further advance, not
because the market ; Is firm and active, for ' It
Is just the. reverss, but because San Francisco
Is under Chicago, and an advance is necessary
to establish the parity. The Chicago market Is
MEATS — Bacon, 12%c per lb for
heavy . 13c for light medium, 14c for \ light.
-15c -for extra light and 15%c for sugar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, ; 13%c; California
Hams 12y.<Q13c; Mess Beef, $9@9 50 per bar
rel; extra Mess, $10@10 50; Family, $11@11 SO;
prime Mess Pork, $16; extra clear, $22 50<f?23;
Mess $18 5CS19; Dry Salt Pork, $11 50@12 50;
Pig Pork, $25: Pigs' Feet, $4 75: Smoked Beef,
13%®Hc.?er lb.. • - -
LARD— Tierces auoted at 8@8%c per lb for
compound- and 11%c for pure; half barrels,
pure, ll%c; 10-lb tins, 12c; 5-lb tins, 12%c;
3-lb tins. 121,4c. ' ¦
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel, 10%c: three
half-barrels. 10c; one, tierce. 9%c; two tierces,
9%c;five tierces, 9%c per.lb.
Provisions.
• Articles— • - Oj>cn. ' High. ' Low. Close. I
Wheat No. 2 — , . ¦ , . !
May ........... 72% w4 72 74
July..... V. 73% 75 72% ; 75
September ,' 73 ... 71% 72% 74%
Com; No.' 2— ..-•.-
May..' ..... 62%- - C3 61% i . 63 "
July... ; .... 02y* 63 61% 63 y
September • 61 '/i . C2% • '¦ 60% . u V2%
Oats No.' 2— -
Sept. .(old)'...... . 30% " 30% .29% 30%
May ........... 42% 43 . 42?* 43
July (old> -..«% 35% 34 % 35%
July (new) •. 3(i% 37% 3««4 . 37%
Sept. (new)... ... 31% 32% 31% 32%
Mess Pork, per bbl — ¦ , -
May '...........10 95 17 00 ; 16 00. 10 92%
July .. ....'.17 10, 17 22^ 17 05 17 12%
Lard,- per 100 lbs —
May 9 80 9 83 9 75 9 77%
July/. .'. :.:..... 9 !»2% 9 M - ¦ 9 82 % 9 87 V-
September 10 00 10 05 9 07% 9 »7%
Short Ribs, -per 100 lbs — -
May ........... 9 17% ,0 23 9 15 , 9 20
July '........... 9 30 9 40 9 30 935
September 9 40 . U SO 9 10 9 42%
Cash ; quotations v/erc as- follows: Flour,
\ firm; No. -3 spring wheat,' 6U@72%c; No. 2 red,
: ».0%c; No. 2 oats, 4:>ig43>/ic; No. 2 white, 44Vi
@43V4c; No. 3 white. 41'4@45c; No. 2 rye.
57%c; fair to choice -malting barley, (!3@KSo:
No. 1 ' fiaxsced.- $1 ii5'/-: ¦ No. -1 - Northwestern."-
Jl 77: prime timothy a ;ed, $(5 90; mess pork,
per barrel. $16 0Cfi?l»i !!5' lard, per 100 lbs.
: *9 75@i> 77%; short ribs sides (loose), $9'15@
I » 17>i: dry salted shoulders (boxed), 7%@7%c;
j short clear sides (boxed), $9 «5@9. 75; ' whisky,
1 basis, of. high winfB, $1 ::0. ;...¦•¦ :-:-*~z ? . i ;.~ '¦;¦ \
Arilcles^- . Rscelpts. . Shipments.
Flouf : barrels .........:. 20,000 19.1XM)
Wheat/bushels f.2,000 139,000
Corn, bushels ....: ; 54.000 /142.000
' Oats,' bushels 247,000 122,000
I Ttye. . buphels V .'.. ' 5.0O0 ,/ . .
• Uarley, bushels ... ... . . . 30.000 - 6.000
' On the Produce Exchange- to-day the butt»r
j market was firm; creameries, 24®29%c: dair
j ios, i 24<527c. ' Cheese, steady, 12@13c. Eggs,'
firm; fresh, 15c. ; , , '. ..
tOR MONDAY, APRIL 13.
Flour, qr sks... 10.72R1 Straw, tons .... T
Wheat, ctls . fi,565 Hay. tons - 3X1
Barley, ctla ?,-i30 Tallow, ctls ... 29.1
Potatoes sks .. 1,105 Leather, rolls .. 37
Oats, ctls ...... 830 Hides, No 0S1
Corn, ctls <>55 Pelts, bdls ..... 5-".B
Rye ctls 4R0 Mme, bbl3 273
Onions, sks .... 13 Wine, gala ..... 47,500
Shorts sks .... 39 j Chicory, bbls .. 12
Broom Corn, bis 252 j Quicksilver, flks 11
Barn, sks 440 Wool, bales .... 611
Middlings, sks.. 1,706'Sugar, ctls ..... 1,136
OREGON.
Flour qr ska... 12.804 1 Onions, sks .... 434
Potatoes, sks .. ".p" 0 .
Receipts of Produce.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST. .
Stocks— * Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atchison U.200 80 79% 79%
Atchison pfd T> 3,900 98% ,97,%. 98%
Balt.& Ohio 20.200 108% 106% 108
Bait & Ohio pfd.. 100 96% 96% 90
Canadian Pacific ..13,100 120% 119% 119%
Canada Southern .. "100 87% 87% 87%
Chesapeake Ohio 2,400 46% 46 46%
Chic & Alton...:.. 1,800 37% 37 .....
Chic & Alton pfd.. 800 77 .76% 76Vi
Chic Ind & Louis.. 20,300 '¦ 67% .62 65%
Chic Ind & L pfd. 500 SO 79% ~ 79%
Chic & East 111.... 400 170 166% 166%
Chic & Great West 2,000 24% 24%' 24%
Chic & G W A pfd . 100 87% 87% 87%
Chic & G WB pfd. 100- 46%. 46% ,46
Chic & Northwest.. 17.000 255 248% 257%
Chic R I & Pac... 1.900 176% 174-173%
Chic Ter & Tr..... 3,600 20%: 19% :19
Chic Ter & Tr pfd. 5,200 88 36%' 37%
C C C & St Louis.. 1,000 . 103% 102% 103%
Colo Southern :... 7,800 . 29%- 28% -29%
Colo Sou 1st pfd... • 600 75 74% 74%
Colo Sou 2d pfd... 1,600 45% 44% 44%
Del & Hudson: .... 200 " 172% 172 171%
Del Lack & West;.. ....' 287
Denver & R G..... 700 .44%' 44 44%
Denver & R.G pfd 4,400 .91%- > T)l% 91%
Erie' .......¦...' 7,400 30% . '30%. ,36%
Erie 1st pfd."...... 800 , 68% fi8% 68%
Erie 2d pfd....... 500 54% . B3% 53%
Great Northern pfd 300 1R5% 185% 185%
Hocking Valley... 1,000 83% 82% "82%
Hocking Var pfd.. 200 91% 91 Vi SI
Illinois Central ; . . . 19,000 145% 143%- 144%
Iowa Central ...... ..... .... .-.'.. 48 ¦
Iowa Central pfd... ..... ...v ;... 84%
Lake Erie & West.' 200 68% 67%' 68%
Lake E & W pfd;..-..?.. .... .... 129
Louis : & . Nash. . ; .V 51.900 131 % ; 125% 127
Manhattan L .. 4,400 133% . 132 132%
NEW YORK, April 15. — The dimensions of
the trading in Southern Railway stocks to
day eclipsed any ever before seen on the New
York Stock Exchange, i The' total j number of
shares of common stock outstanding Is-1,200,
000. The dealings recorded in the stock to
day were to the number of 864,500 shares.
On April 24, 1901. Union ' Pacific was ". dealt in
to the extent of 602, 800 shares, during the
struggle between the Morgan and Harriman
interests in the transcontinental field. . That
figure -was far in excess of any previous day's
dealings In a 1 single stock until to-day, r The
tremendous volume of these dealings 'dwarfed
the rest of the market and yet there were a
number of other stocks in which the dealings
were on a scale only seen during periods of
great speculative, activity. The opening in
Southern Railway was quiet enough and the
opening bulse in Louisville and Nashville . to
nearly 4 points over last' night awakened some
momentary skepticism of the over-night set- ;
tlement of the dispute for control of Louisville
and Nashville. But the parties in Interest
were already in consultation when tha stock
market opened and there was a scurrying, of
brokers from the neighborhood of the consul
tation rooms. Immediately buying orders ap
peared in Southern Railway lor seemingly un
limited amounts of the stock. The movement,
in the stock did net become wild at any time
in spite of the extreme advance of CVi points
to 40%. The reactionary tendency ot Louis
ville and Nashville was also a convincing
demonstration that the struggle for that stock
had terminated and the scramble to get out
by the smaller operators who had followed the
deal carried It down in successive stages to
125%. The last price, however, left It with
a net loss of only a point. Southern Railway
suffered at the last irom the profit-taking on
the part of ' the professional element, which
bought the stock recklessly, but was ap
parently not disposed to remain in it over
night, in face of the many possible contingen
cies still open in the situation. The reaction
carried Southern Railway back to 37% and It
closed only 1% higher. ¦ at a net gain of 3%."
The preferred stock gained 3%.- The extent
of the public information when the stock mar
ket closed was contained in the formal state
ment by the ¦ Gates element that they had
bought control of Louisville and Nashville and
that they proposed to leave the settlement of
the dispute to J. P. Morgan & Co. as arbiters.
This was accepted as Conclusive evidence that
Southern Railway would be benefited by the
settlement. The heavy buying of that stock
was by brokers usually employed by the In
side interests. But the volume of dealings was
sufficient Indication that everybody who could
get orders executed shared In the buying. The
movement in Illinois Central and in Chicago,
Indianapolis and Louisville was directly. In
sympathy with that In Southern Railway. It
is supposed that Illinois Central will be allowed
to share in the benefits of the Louisville and
Nashville absorption - and that" the- Chicago,
Indianapolis and Louisville will possibly form
a connecting link to Chicago. The very large
buying of St. Paul was supposed to be due
to a renewal of the campaign for a rise by the
element which bought Louisville and Nashville.
There was some strength it) the other, grangers
and Pacifies and In Pennsylvania and Balti
more and Ohio. Amalgamated Copper ad
vanced at one time over a point, but did not
hold it. There were notable advances in
specialties here and there. International Power
rising nearly 12 points. But ¦ there were . also
points of weakness and outside of the con
gested centers of activity there was net a
notable demand for stocks. There was some
FtlffeQ*tiK of the money rate . again, but the
continued calmpess of the money market
through the dav relieved the apprehension that
was felt lest the enormous speculation should
develop a "stringency. The easing of the ex
change market Indicates that borrowing in for
eign markets was being frealy resorted to.
General considerations received little attention.
The market closed irregular under realizing. >
The bond market was irregular. Total salss,
par v,alue, $4,990,000.
United States bonds -were all unchanged on
the last call. ' 'TSHffltilmffttiffiiffiTBi
Nezu York Stock Market.
Everything' is quiet, and the situation re
mains precisely as . fcr. several months back.
Factional : contests at Fresno keep the Raisin
market unsettled and in bad shape. Nuts are
steady to firm, with No. 1 softshell Walnuts
well cleaned up and No. 2 In good supply and
slow. Honey is quoted easier and quiet, with
more or less talk of . a large crop. Fruits ex
hibit no new features.
FRUITS— Apricots. 9@10c for Royals and
10@13c for standard to fancy Moorparks;
Evaporated Apples, 8@0c: sun dried, 5c;
Peaches, 6V!@8Vic; Pears, 6@9c; Plums, pitted,
5©ec; unpltted, 1%@2%c; Nectarines, 5%@6c
for red and 5%@6c for white; ngs, 4%c for
black and 5%@6c for white.
PRUNES — 1901 crop are quoted as follows:
30-40's," 6%<S694c; 40-6O's, 5@5%c: 50-60's, 4%
@4aic; COLO'S, 4@-l%c; 70-SCTs, 3%@3%c; 80-
OO's. 3@3V 4 c; 90-lC0"s, 2%@2%c per lb.
. RAISINS-^-Seeded, 3-crown, 8c; 2-crown, 6h
®7%c; Loo§e Muscatels, 6%c for 4-crown and
5V4c for seedless; 3-crown, Cc; 2-crown. 5%c;
Seedless Sultanas, 5%c for unbleached and 7@
8%c for bleached. Clusters — Imperials, $3; De
hesa, $2 50; Fancy, $1 50; London Layers,
NUTS — Walnuts, No. 1 softshell, ll%c; No.
*> 0%f£7%c; No. 1 hardshell, 9c; No. 2. 7c;
Almonds. 10%@12c for papersnell. 9®10c for
softshsll and «@7cfor hardshell: Peanuts, 5@7c
for Eastern: Brazil Nuts. 12^12 %c; Filberts.
12«12 ! /.c: Pecans, lUTftSc; Cocoanuts, $3 oCXSo.
HONEY — Comb Il(gl2c for. bright and 9@tlc
for light amber; v.ater white extracted, 5@
5Kc: light amber extracted. 4@4%c; dark, 4c.
-BEESWAX— 27%@29c per lb.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
D & R G. -44% • Do pfd .... . . .v 00
Do pfd • 94% U S Steel ....... 42V4
Erie ......... 37% Do pfd ........ fi5%
• - Do 1st pfd r.:;.\'7O»4, Wabash' :........ 24%
- Do 2d pfd . 55% Do pfd . . . .45
111 Central ...... 14S Spanish 4s ....... 78%
L&N :.....130%_ - •/ "
Bar silver quiet, 24%d per ounce. ¦¦ i. ;
: Money, 2>4@2% per cent. '
The rate of discount in the 'open market for
short bills. is 2% per cent; for three months'
bills, 2% per cent. , ..
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS. .¦
Consols, money 04 9-16iM K'& T:.:.i.... 25%
Do. account 94 11-10J Do : pfd ... 55%
Anaconda • 5%IN Y Central-. ... .-1«7%
Atchlson- ..r 81%|Nor &:West ..... BS%
Do pfd 100% Do pfd ........"92
Bait & Ohio .....110 Ont &' West..... 33%
Can Pacific 121% So Railway ...... 38'A
Ches & Ohio .... 47% Do pfd ........ 09%
Chi Gt West..:.. 25% So Pacific 68%
Chi M»& St P;... 172% I Union Pacific ...105
Amer Sugar . 131 Vi Quincy. ..... . . ... 125 r-
Do pfd '. 115% Santa Fe Copper. 2%
Amer T & T.....179 Tamarack .176
Dom I & S 60 Trtmountaln ..... 99 ' "
Gen Electric ....328% Trinity ..¦.......'. 13%
Mass Electric ...> 43% United States .... 20%
Do pfd . 97 Utah 22%
N E Gas & Coke. 4% Victoria ......... -5"4
US Steel ....... 40T* WInona r ......... "1%
. Do pfd : 03% Wolverine . . . ... .54%
Con Cal & Va. . . 50 Savage . ........ , 01
Horn Sliver 1 40 Slera Nevada ... ,20 .
Iron Silver ..... 05 Small Hopes . ...» 45
Leadvllle Con... 05 'Standard ..:.. ..3 30 »¦
STOCKS AND BONDS. »
Money — .United Fruit .:..103>4
Call loans 4(S4Vi Westing common. 111%
Time loans 4g5 Mining —
Bonds — Adventure ....... 22'^
Atchison 4s ...... 103 Allouez .......... 3^
Gas lsts .... 86 Amalgamated.... (!«•%
Mexican Cent ... b:i%\ Baltic CU%
N E Gas & Coke. . 52 Bingham .'. . .'. . ... 31 .
Railroads — Cal & Hecla ....51)0
Atchison 79»i Centennial ...... 1UV4
Do pfd 07 % Copper Range ...' 90
Boston & Albany. 263 i Copper Range Con 61
Boston & Maine. 194% jDaly West ....... 48%
Boston Elevated.. 103% i Franklin '.: :/HJ4
Fitchburg pfd ...147 iMohawk ...: 30
Union Pacific ...102% (Old Dominion ... 21%
Mexican Central . 20% Osceola 63
Miscellaneous— , j Parrot... 27
Eureka Summary — Rain for the past week
gre&tly interfered with farm work. Crops are
generally backward, but making good growth;
warm, sunshiny weather much needed. Pros
pects are good for an abundance of fruit.
Los Angeles Summary — Week warmer and
itiOre favorable for crop growth, though rain Is
beginning to be needed in places. Irrigation
bepur. and farm v.-ork settling down to sum
mer basis.
Southern California — The temperature was
beJ'jw normfii during the first of the week, but
warmer weather prevailed at the close. Rain
at the close cf the preceding week was very
beneficial to all crops. Grain and hay are in
pood ccndition. and fair crops are expected.
G; *-<:n feed is plentiful. A large .acreage of po
tatoes has been planted* at Anaheim, and the
cron is looking well. There will be a large In
crease in the sugar beet acreage In many
places. The acreage devoted to beans in Ven
tura County Is said to be much less than last
srp.Fon. FUgcr beets taking the place of beans.
Deciduous and citrus fruits are in good condi
tion. Owinu to an unusual abundance of wild
flowers In Kan Diego County the honey yield
wil! probably be the heaviest for years.
San Joaquin Valley — Warm days and cool
nifehts during the week have b^en favorable for
growing crops. Xo rain has fallen since last
Monday night, and there have been no inju
rious frnrts. Grain has made rapid growth,
an<1 prospects continue cood for a large yield.
Oats, and barley are heading out In many
places. The first crop of alfalfa is ready for
cntt'r-g. Green feed is plentiful. In the vi
cinity cf Reedlcy there has been a large tn
ciease in the acreage in vineyards and orch
ards a.r.d a corresponding decrease in grain
acreage. There is abundance ui water for ir
rigation, and orchardists expect unusually
heavy crops of nearly all varieties of deciduous
fruits. Citrus fruits and vineyards' are in
good condition.
Coart and Bay Sections — Conditions have
bo-r< favorable for ail crops during the week.
The temperature has been slightly above nor
mal, and no injurious frosts have occurred.
Light rain fell in '•^rtions of the northern sec
tion at the beginning of the week, with hlith
wind in some places. Grain and hay are
makinpr good growth, but would be benefited
by rain in the southern districts. Prospects
continue good for large crops of wheat, barley
aTi-i oats. Early barley is heading cut in Lake
Co>:nty. Hay cutting has commenced ia San
Luis Obispo County. Hops and sugar beets
are doins well. 1'astarage is plentiful, and
stock is in good condition. There are a great
many Frnal! apricots in the orrhards of Santa
C.-ua County, and it is expected these will
diop. lf.iving enough of the good fruit to make
an average crop. Other deciduous fruits are
in good condition and citrus fruits are doing
well.
Ss«oramccto Valley — Warm weather has pre
vailed during the week and no rain has fallen.
Grain, alfalfa and hay are making rapid
growth, and the outlook for heavy crops has
never been better. The rain at close of last
week was beneficial to all crops, and enabled
farmers to resume plowing on the dry lands.
Work in orchards, vineyards and hop fields Is
progressing. Almonds are dropping in some
localities, but an average crop is expected.
AlitSeots Sn To!o County are doing better than
expected and will probably yield a fair crop.
Other deciduous fruits continue in good condi
tion and give promise of a heavy yield. Cit
rus fruits are thrifty. Olives are in bloom In
some places.
Deciduous fruits have not yet been serioujlr
injuicd by frost, and may be considered prac
tically safe for the season. . All varieties are in
bloom and petting rapidly and heavily. Thtrs
a.v>. seme indications of a short crop of apri
ccts. but all other fruits will probably yield
ir.ore than average crops. Citrus fruits are in
good condition.
The warm weather has been \ - ery beneficial
to grain and hay. and growth has been rapid
during the week. Early town grain is head
ing out in many places and locks well. Pros
pects were never better for heavy crops of
wheat, barley and oats in all the gram dis
trlcir. north of the Tehachapi, and fair crops
may be expected in all other sections if condi
tions continue favorable. Southern California
will need rain again very soon, as the warm
weather and winds will quickly absorb the
moisture in the soil and seriously affect the
grain crop. Haying has commenced in San
Luis Obirpo County, and the first crop of al
falfa in the San Joaquin Valley is ready for
harvest. Potato planting has commenced, and
¦wrrk is progressing in sugar beet and hop
lields. Irrigation water is plentiful.
Th» temperature has been slightly above nor
mal during the week in nearly all parts cf »he
State. No rain has fallen since Monday nljht
txcept In portions of the northern coast coun
ties. There have been no injurious frosts. Hlsh
winds in some sections caused slight injury to
fruit trees.
GENERAL SUMMARY.
The weekly report of A. G. McAdie, section
director of the climate and crop service of the
U'eather Bureau, is as follows:
The Weather and Crops.
Northern California — Cloudy and unsettled
weather Wednesday, with showers in central
and northern portion: fresh southwest winds.
Southern California — Cloudy and unsettled
weather Wednesday: fresh westerly winds.
Nevada — Cloudy and unsettled weather Wed
nesday: cooler; brisk southwest wind. .
San Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy and Vin
eettled weather Wednesday, possibly showers;
fresh southwest winds.
. - ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
• V ; -~ Forecast Official.
Fog prevails . along the coast of Northern
California. • •
Forecast made at San , Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, April 16, 1902: :
The pressure . has risen slowly over Cali
fornia and has fallen steadily over Washing
ton and Idaho. Conditions are not favorable
longer for settled fair weather. Light rain has
fallen in Oregon and a thunder-storm is re
ported at Roseburg.
There has been a rapid rise In temperature
east of the Sierras and the Cascades. In the
great valleys of California the temperatures
continue from 4 to 9 degrees above the normal.
FORECAST.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
It was assumed by the trade that export busi
ness would be upset for some time because of
the tax measure. After the weakness in corn
wore away somewhat and the fair weather re
ports .were offset to some fiegree by crop dam
age reports, heavy buying set In.,
Bradstrect' s reported a decrease of 3,360,000
bushels in the visible supply. Commission
houses had good orders anil shorts covered free
ly." The general sentiment turned very bullish.
In the last half-hour beiore the close May was
shoved up 2c from Its low-price for the day
and brought 74c. May closed strong, lV.@l%c
higher at 73%@74c- , / . ~
; Corn shorts were subjected to hard squeezing
to-day. There was plenty of stuff for sale early
on the break of 2c at St. .Louis. The situation
was almost the opposite of yesterday. Kansas
City denied a report of a sale of 300,000 bushels
cash there and the Southwest turned weak gen
erally. The market was nervous most of the
day, but gradually bears plucked up courage
and began selling short. Then came the bulge
In wheat and prices jumped upward ¦ again as
the. shorts tried to cover. ,- The business • trans
acted was not heavy. ; May corn ¦ closed strong
at 03c, l%c higher than yesterday's close.,
Oats.were strong In ; sympathy ~, with "other
grains. "May closed firm, **Jc higher at 43c". ,
Provisions were strong early on the bullish
hog situation. Toward the : close prices eased
somewhat, but the. tone was generally strong.
May pork closed 10c up, lard a shade higher and
ribs 5@7%c up. : <„ ;_ - • y
The > leading futures ranged as follows : " • ¦
- CHICAGO, .'April - 15.— Early business . in
wheat was somewhat demoralized. ..The crowd
did not know how to Interpret the new, British
duties. 'Rains -had fallen -West' arid inclined
speculators to the bear side. Northwestern re
ceipts. ¦ however, 1 /, were almost 1 nothing and the
cash demand i was ' * much improved because
nearly everything was reported taken up. '. Corn
was. weakening,. and as . advices from London
stated - that buyers would i pay: the ; duties
through August and after that the duties would
be figured in 'the I contracts, the crowd turned
to sell a little. : May wheat opened unchanged
to a shade - higher at-72%c to 72%@72%c,
touched 72 %c and sold off to <2c. There was a
great discrepancy in cables. Liverpool early
cables were, as much, as ¦ %c higher, and clos
ing %c lower; London prices ranged %c lower
to 2%c higher. ¦ It was announced that colonial
as. well as loreign wheat must pay the tax. -
Temperature. 7 a. m. — 50.
OATS — The market continues quiet and . un
changed. Holders are as firm as ever and of
ferings are not large. •?¦;; ~ . .
Grays. $1 30@l 40; whites, :$1 S0@l 45; dur
prise. $1 4001 45; black,. »1 12%@1 32V.;' red,
$i:UMj?l'42% per ctl. '
CORN — This market is ; very '• dull r at : un
changed quotations. ' '. . "• • '?• ' ¦• •; '
¦ Chicago broke, from 62%c to 61 %c and recov
ered to U3c. The break was on more liberal In
terior, acceptances. The • cash' situation, how
ever, continued strong, with Southwest • prices
leading and stocks becoming exhausted. Brad
slrcet's 'gave the world's supply a decrease of
1,325,000 bushels. ... '¦ . - • -
Large Yellow, $1 3P@1 45: small : round : do
$1 35«1 47% :* white, <$1 40@l 50 per ctl. ;
RYE— 02% <5 95c per ctl. The market 1 con
tinues very dull. - ' ' •
UUCKWHEAT— Quoted at $1 65@1 75 per
cti. >^csisas9i^pnsnAeHBttBiBHii^a
Afternoon "Session— No sales.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — No sales. .
Second Session — No sales.\ . ¦'
Regular Morning Sesslon^December— -4000
ctls,7S%c. ; . : . r\
CALL BOARD. SALES.
Feed. 90%@97%c for No. 1 and 93%@95c for
oft grades; brewing and shipping grades, 97%c
@$1; Chevalier, $l@120.
BARLEY — The '< market continues steady at
previous prices, < though there is more offering
and holders are more inclined, to meet buyers.
.. Afternoon Session — May — 12.000 ctls. $110%;
6000. $1 10%; December— 2000, $1 US; • 4000,
$107%.- '.. .; .;-¦ ' .-
CALL BOARD SALES.
¦ Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — December —
2000 ctls,' $1 07H.
Second Session— May — 2000 ctls, $1 09% :
4000, $1 09%; 2000,; $1 10; December— 10,000,
$107%. • ¦ ; jv; -
Regular Morning Session — May — 2000 ctls,
$110%; December— 08,000. $1 08.
•WHEAT FREIGHTS— Are steady on the spot
at - 23s ' 9d@25s, according to 'Size . of . carrier,
with a small bark taken at 25s.- •" The chartered
wheat I fleet in j port has" a registered tonnage of
20,270, against 16,406 tons ' on the same date
last year; disengaged, 26,570.' tons,,, against
8200: on the way to this 'port, 202,825' tons,:
against- 179,000. . I-) 1 -.' , • - . • ; . • c,
-; WHEAT— Chicago declined from 72%c to 72c
and recovered to 7a%c. ¦ There was a very, firm
undertone to both : Wheat and Corn, ' owing ¦ to
slender receipts. I The Southwest reported light
rains.- The local sentiment was : bearish • and
there | was very little . outside support. There
was a good milling demand and the Northwest
and : leading : operators bought . freely. About
500,000 bushels were worked for export. Brad
street's gave the world's stocks a net decrease
of :{.M(i4,>>UO bushels. .. :. ... . ; ..
•"¦• Regarding the proposed Import duty of about
3c per bushel on Wheat Imported - Into Great
Britain, the Chicago report of Bolton. De Ruy
ter & Co. says: "••; "The duty is/not large enough
to decrease- consumption; arr*. unless ¦ It does it
will not affect prices here. : It .will be paid by
the British and not by the Americans." - *
.The foreign markets were steady to firm.
The Sari , Francisco market was a fraction
firmer, both on and off call.^wlth little Wheat
coming out of country hands.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, ?1 10<J?l 11%; mill
ing, $1 12%@1 13% per ctl."
Wheat and Other Grains.
About seven chests of Longworth Strawber
ries were received from Palo 'Alto and Moun
tain .View and those in condition sold readily
at 75c@$l per drawer. Some were In poor con
dition and sold at 50@60c. Thirteen drawers of
Mallndas came to hand from Watsonvllle, and
owing to their poor condition sold slowly at 40c
per drawer. '. ;. .
- Three ¦ cars of Bananas were received from
New Orleans and the Honolulu steamer arrived
with 3713 bunches. Off erings • of ripe stock
were still scarce and the quotations were un
changed. • _
APPLES— $2@2 25 per box for extras, $1 2o
@1 75 for good to choice and 60c@$l for or-
CITRUS ! FRUITS — Navel Oranges, $1@1 75
for standard, $2@2 50 for choice and $2 5O@3
for fancy; extra fancy, $3 25@3 40; Seedlings,
*125(S2;' Mediterranean Sweeis, . $1 75@2 50;
Valencias^ $2 75@3; Malta Blood Oranges, $2
®2 50; Tangerines, in quarter boxes. 75c@|l
and $1 25®1 50, in half boxes; Lemons, 75c@
$1 for common ' and $1 25@$1 75 for good to
choice and $2@2 75 for fancy: Grape Fruit, $1
@3, including seedless; Mexican Limes, $4 50®
5- Bananas. $2 50@3 per bunch for New Or
leans and $1 50@2 for Ha walians; Pineapples,
$3@4 per dozen. -- - '
In the Citrus market, desirable sizes of fancy
stock moved off well under a steady local de
mand and quotations for all descriptions were
unchanged. '
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
furnished by the San Francisco Retail Butch
ers' Protective Association:
BEEF — Roast, 10@15c per lb; Tenderloin
Steak, 15@J7»ic; Porterhouse Steak, 17%@20c;
Round Steak, 10®12V-c; Stew Beef, S@10c;
Corned Beef. S@10c.
VEAL — Roast, 12gl5c; Cutlets, 15@18c.
MUTTON — Roast, 12V>e; Chops, 12Vi@15c;
Stew,
LAMB— Spring, 12U@20c; Roast, 15@lSc;
Chops. 15@ -0c.
PORK— Roast, 12i/.@15c; Chops, 15c.
The following retail quotations for meats are
Retail Meat Prices.
, The Hongkong . Maru i took out : a - treasure
list of $123,612, consisting of $4157 in Mexican
dollars, $505 in - gold ¦ coin, $112,000 : in silver
bullion and $6950 In Peruvian soles. ¦ rv.""
• Silver is* considerably -lower.: Exhange re
mains the same. . . ; .
Sterling Exchange, CO days ": — $4 86%
Sterling Cables, . sight . ... ......"—. 4 88%
Sterling Cables ;.'......... — 4 89%
New York Exchange, sight — ' 15
New York Exchange, telegraphic'. — 17 Vi
Silver, per ounce .: '.;. ¦.: — 53%
Mexican . Dollars; nominal. ...'.. \ — ¦ 45%
Exchange and Bullion.
/ LONDON, ; April lS.-^-ConsoIa. 94 11-16. Sil
ver,' 24%d. -¦ Cargoea on ' passage, - quiet and
steady; cargoes No. 1' Standard .California, 30s;
cargoes • Walla ' Walla, 29s; '/¦ English country
markets, firm. . - i jaWTg^^maa^
"<• LIVERPOOL. April 15.— WHEAT— Inactive ;
No." 1' Standard-. California, 6s 4d; wheat In
Paris," quiet; flour in Paris, quiet;- French coun
try markets, quiet and steady; weather in Eng
land, cloudy." ;."¦¦ , • . -
COTTON— Uplands, 5d.
Foreign Markets.
BUTTER— Creamery. 19c per pound for fan
cy, 17@18c for firsts and 16c for seconds; dairy,
14@17c; store Butter, 14c per pound.
CHEESE— New, 9@10c; old, 9@10c; Young
America. 8@10c; Eastern, 13@15c per pound.
EGGS — Ranch, 13V-@15c. with 16c in a small
way for fine selected; store, 12%©14c per dozen.
The shipper who got up the car of Butter for
the East on Monday was after, another yester
day, and this imparted some steadiness to an
otherwise very weak • market, as supplies, al
ready heavy, were increased by the largest re
ceipts this year. There are plenty of goods on
the market and dealers report Northern ordera
not more than half of what they have been of
late. Packing will soon begin, when there will
be less surplus hanging over the market. ,
; Cheese remains the same, being weak and
plentiful, with accumulating stocks.
Eggs as a rule are in very large supply, but
strictly fancy ranch are not as plentiful a» the
medium and lower grades, and are bringing as
high as 16c in a small way. Everything not
gilt-edged, however, sells under this figure.
The gap between store and ranch always
widens at this time -of the year, when the
weather grows warm in the interior.
Receipts were 134,800 pounds. 2 kegs and 2S5
tubs of Butter, 2197 cases of Eggs, 6100 pounds
of California Cheese and pounds of East
ern Cheese. £MflHHmMflK2BMBHi
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
•. .The market for evaporated apples ruled quiet
and' featureless, without- change .'• In ¦' prices.
State,' common to good, 7@8%c; prime, 9@9%c;
choice,';t)%@10c;; fancy, .lOV^® 1 !*:.- ' ••;,
- 1 Prunes were moderately ¦ active ¦ on * spot and
steady., for } new - fruit, »-" but ; dull and . easy . on
other. .-. Apricots showed ' a fair jobbing move
ment.' Peaches quiet,' at old quotations. •.
PRUNES— 3%@«%c.- - .•..-¦;-¦•,•-;
.APRICOTS— Royal, 10@14c ; Moorpark, 11 %
@12&c. . .-'¦ ¦ . .
PEACHES— Peeled, H@18c: unpeeTed, 8@10c.
DRIED FRUITS,
: : NEW, YORK, A J pril 15.— FLOUR— Receipts. :
19,200 ; barrels ; -.exports, 2183 ,' barrels. Fairly
active; and a shade higher; with
: wheat. J^< '.-.¦" '. : ." ' -
WHEAT— Receipts, 105,300 bushels ;; exports,
66,153 bushels: t Spot,-: strong. ' No.' 2 red," 85%c
elevator ; No." 2 'red, = 87%c f . o. 1 " b. afloat; No. 1
Northern Duluth,83%c :f.« o.-b. afloat; No. 1
hard f Manitoba;; 86%c f . o. .,• b. afloat. > ', Early
weakness in- wheat followed -bearish news, the
English Import duty and ¦ unloading by '. foreign
and Wall .street houses gave way in. the after
noon to a feverish .upturn and, big advance on
a scare of shorts and crop damage rumors. The
close was - strong i at ; l%(g)liic ' net < advance.
May; 78%@80c, closed 79%c; July, ' 78%@80%c,
closed 80 %c;. September, 77 ll-16@79%c,. closed
79%c; December, 79%@81%c. closed 81%c. ¦:-',¦
HOPS— Firm. '
; HIDES^Steady. ,=
WOOL-^-QuIet. . , • •
COFFEE — Futures closed net unchanged • to
5 points: lower.' Total sales, 24,250 bags, in
cluding ' May at -5.05@5.10c; September, I 5.40@
6.45c;.- December, 5.65c; •¦ March, -" 5.90c.' j. Spot
•Rio,' quiet; 'No. 7 Invoice, 5%c. " Mild,: quiet;
Cordova, 8@12c. *. . . • : .. ¦ ¦' ~
SUGAR— Raw, firm; -fair refining,' 2%c; cen
trifugal, 90 test, 3%c. Molasses sugar,: 2%c.
Refined, steady. -,'„¦..-: •" .; ;
WASHINGTON,
TACOMA.' April 15.— WHEAT— %C lower;
bluestem, 64c; j;lub, t 63c;
PORTLAND, April 15.— WHEAT— Walla
Walla, 64@64%c; bluestem, 65@66c; valley. 65c.
OREGON,
Northern 1 Wheat -Market.
New-York:Grainiand 'Produce.
PORTLAND.,; April : 15:— Clearings. $462,911;
balances, > $60. 4311 ? : . ¦ V ;
1.TACOM A, April. 15.— Clearings. $254,015; bal
ances; $57,228.--- ¦---¦• '¦ --- •>*Tr J f j - -¦' ,
s SEATTLE, . April 15.^Clearinga, $643,271;
balances, $121,100. • ¦
SPOKANE, April • 15.— Clearings, . $271,128;
balances, $43,900. . '-'¦"
Northern Business.
Metropolitan St Ry 1,500 153% 152% 153
Mexican Central... 4,100 30% 30 30 :
Mexican National.. 600 ' 19 18%'' 18 %
Minn & St Louis... 300 109 108% 109
Missouri Pacific ... 27,800 101% 100% -101 v I
Mo Kan & Tex...:. 200" 25 25 •V:24%
Mo Kan & Tex pfd 300 ¦ 55 ' 54% 54%
N J Central.... ... . .... .... 185 ¦¦<
NY Central....... 4,500 : 163% 162% 1«{
Norfolk & West... 3,300 57% 57-. -¦ "57%
Norfolk & W pfd.. .... .... :^90
Ontario &: West... ' 4.900 32% 32%? 32%'
Pennsylvania 16,400 L 151 149% v 150 M,
Reading 12,600 58 57% "57%
Reading 1st pfd... 100 82% ' 82% 'y.82%
Reading 2d pfd.... 1.700 69% 68% "> dShi-
St L & S F... 2,500 ,71% 70^ '70%:
St L & S F 1st pfd. 600 83 83" '83 S
St L & S F.2d pfd. 2,000 74% 73% - 73%"
St L Southwest 400 > 29% 28% 29 ¦
St L Southwest pfd . 1,300 63 ,62 -62%
St Paul ..;..... ...121,500 .171% 168 169%-
St Paul pfd. . . . 1,000 194# 193% 193 -
Southern Pacific ..47,400 67% C6% C6%
Southern Ry 864,500 40% 34% 37%:
Southern Ry pfd. . . 52,500 98% 95% 97V4
Texas & Pacific... 42,800 43% 41 -."¦ 42%
Tol St L & West.. 200 22 .22 > 21 '¦
Tol St L & W pfd. 2.30O 40% 39 >;' 30%
Union Pacific: 63,900 103% 101% ! 102% !
Union Pacific pfd.. 1,000 88 87% 87% !
£r a K as 5 •;•••••• •'•; 1.700 24%~ 24% » 24% I
Wabash pfd .4,100 44% 41%,' 43%!
W& L Erie ...... 100 20 20 20 I
W & L E 2d pfd.. 200 .32% 32^ 32%
Wisconsin Central .1,200 24% " 24% U
Wlscon Cen.pfd... 900 47 46% 46%
Express Companies — ' .
Adams .... .....;.. 205 -
American ........ .... .... ..... 233 •
H. n " ed States 1,200'" 123% '120% ,121%
Wells Fargo ... ....;. ..„ .... 205
Miscellaneous — - - • ¦ ' • :'
Amalgam Copper. . 31,000 ¦* 67% ' 65% 66%!
Am Car & Found.;. 800 -.,28% 28% '¦ 28% |
Am Car &F pfd... .... ;...../! 88U
Am Linseed Oil ... 800 \ 23 23 ¦ ' : 22 . j
Am Lin Oil pfd ;' 100 ' 49% 49% ¦t."49%'
Am Smelting & Ref .000 47 46% 46%
Am Smelt & R pfd. 200 97 97, 97 .
Anaconda Mln Co.. 600 ' 116 - 116 ' .:-•• 116 ' •
Brooklyn Rap Trn. 3,500 65% 04% 65 f .
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 8,900. 9»% 95 ¦ -99%
Consolidated Gas . . ¦ 800 - 224 ¦ 224 224
Con Tobacco pfd...- 100 : liuy. 119% .119
General Electric .. 500 329 32S 328%
Hocking. Coal .... 500 21. 20 20
Inter Paper . 200 . 21 '¦'. 20% 20%'
Inter Paper pfd.... 500 74% 74»4 74%
Inter Power 11,200 130% 122 130
Laclede Gas !..v.. . ¦ ;;.. .-..-. 89
National Biscuit . . " 100 51 51 ' 51 '
National Lead .... 200 18% 18 18%
National Salt ..... . . .1 • a «¦ ¦
National Salt pfd.; 00%
North American-.. 900 126 125% 125
Pacific Coast .....' .... .'.... >. .... 70
Pacific Mall 300 42% ' 42%. 42
People's Gas ' (500 102% 102% 102%
Pressed Steer Car.. 200 41 40% 40%
Pressed S Car pfd. 300 84% 83% 84
Pullman Pal Car.. .... 235
Republic Steel 1.200 17% 17 17 i
Republic Steel pfd. 400 73 72% 73 ,!
Sugar ...... 8.100 132 ; 131 131% :
Tenn Coal & Iron.. 1,300 69 6S4J C>8% !
Union Bag & P Co. .... 77: . 10 |
U B & P Co pfd.. 100 82 S2- 81 i
U S Leather l,«00 13 12% 12% i
|U S Leather pfd.. '500 84% 84 84. .
U S Rubber 1,200 18% 18 • 18 >
U S Rubber pfd... .... 60 I
U S Steel 19,400 41% 40% 41 ; I
US Steel pfd 4,300 93% Wi% 93%
Western Union ... 500 90% 90% : 90% f
Amer Loco S.tiOO 34 a - {% . 3:{>4
Amer Loco pfd ... 2,800 95 04% 94 -
K C Southern 4,400 25 24 25
K C South pfd 8,500 57% 5« 57
Total sales ..1,759,700 __
CLOSING BONDS.
U S ref 2s reg 109% L & N uni 4s....lO2'%
Do coup 100% Mex Central 4s... 84V.
U S 3s reg 108% Do 1st Inc. . .. . . 34%
Do coup 109% Minn & St L 4s... 104%
U S new 4s reg... 138 M K & T 4s .100*4
Do coup.. 139V4 Do2nds... 82%
U S old 4s reg lllVi N YCentral lsts.103%
Do coup 111% Do gen 3%s....lO9
U S 5s reg J05% N J.Cent gen 58.140%
Do coup 107 No Pacific 4s... '.105 VI
Atchison gen 4s..lO3Vi I Do 3s'. .¦..¦74%
Do aaj 4s...... 94% Nor & W con 4s. 102 "
Bait & Ohio 4s... 102% Reading gen 4s.. 99 •
Do 3%s 86% S L & I M con 5s. 116%
Do conv 4a 109% S L & S F 4s.... 101
Can 9b 2nds 109 3 L SW lsts. . 100%
Gent of Ga 5s...ll3V4 Do 2nds ....... 87
Do 1st inch . . . . 87 S A & A P 4s.... 92
Ches & O 4%s....lO8Vi So Pacific 4s..... 05
Chi & Alton 3%s. 84% So Railway 5s. ...122%
C B &. Q new 4s. 9CV4 Tex & Pac lsts.. .121
C M & S P g 4s.. 116 - T St L & W 4s... 82
Chi-& NW con 7s. 136^ Union Pac 4s.... 101%
C.R I & P 4s 112% Do conv 4s... ..107%
C C C & S L g 48.101% Wabasn lsts . . . . .120 .
Chi Term 4s...... 89% ,Do 2nds 111%
Colo & So 4s 95% - Do deb B.. 7C%-
D & R G 4s....;. 107% West Shore 4s:.. .iv<-.
Erie prior lien 4s. 100 " W & L E'4s..... 92 't
Do gen 4s...... 87% Wis Central 4s... i)J ¦
F W & D C Ists.ll3>,» Con Tob 4s;...... 65%'
Hocking Val 4%s.llO% • ¦¦ -- \
MINING STOCKS!
Adams Con .. 25 | Little Chief .... 11
Alice 50 Ontario. 8 87% .
Breece 50 Ophlr ........... 86
Brunswick Con.. 05% Phoenix ..... 00
Comstock Tun. 1 25 Potosl :..... • 19 '
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
New '. York Cotton Market.
i NEW-YORK, f April ; 15. TT Tno"' cotton market
closed steady, vwith prices net 1@8 points lower.
There was very little, demand for Game. Re
ceipts were 33 sacks, nearly all of which was
left on hand at the close of business.
POULTRY— Live -Turkeys, 13@14c for Gob
blers and 15@16c for Hens; Geese, per pair.
$1 50@l 75; Goslings, $2 25@2 50; Ducks. $4 50
@5 for old and $7@8 for young: Hens, $4 5O@6;
young Roosters. $0 50@7 50; old Roosters, $4 50
@4 75; Fryers, $5@G; Broilers, $4@4 50 for large
and $2@3 for small; Pigeons. $1 50@l 75 per
dozen for old and $2@2 25 for Squabs. nm^ rn
GAME— Hare, 75c@$l: Rabbits, $1 25@1 50
for. Cottontails and $1 for Brush; Gray Geese,
$150; White Geese. 50c; Brant, 75c@$l 25 per
dozen; Honkers, $3; English Snipe, $3; Jack
Snipe, $1 50.
Receipts of Poultry were moderate, but the
demand was noticeably slack, owing probably
to the: warm weather. Good stock sold fairly
well, .but poor and second class stock was bard
to d'ispose of. ' No Eastern was • received, but
one car is due to-day. - :
Poultry and Game.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
amounted 1 to 150 . tons 'for July, delivery, at
11 . 20@ll . 15c. -¦ ¦ If. was . considered . that ? the
trading 'was- started* under favorable; condi
tions. The local : market ' for copper was rather
easy,' but quiet. and unchanged. Spot Inke, was
quoted ; at-12%c, • electrolytic i I2%c 5 asked » and
casting . 12c : asked. ~ t The * London , copper.: mar
ket < closed f. 15s » lower, with . spot and futures
at £53 2s 6d. The London tin ¦ market was
2s - 6d •' higher, withspot at £126 ,17s i6d and
futures • at £124 k 10s.- ¦ ¦ The local ? market ruled
firm, with spot at $28. '- Lead ruled steady, and
unchanged : here ¦ at •= $4 12% : and' London "was
unchanged at > £11 . lls 3d. ¦• Spelter was firm
¦and , unchanged '¦ here " at ¦ $4 45 : s London i gained
2s, closing at £17 . 15s. * Iron ; ruled • steady and
unchanged here and a ? trifle higher; in - English
markets," Locally pig iron warrants were nom
inal:; No. 1 foundry.^ northern, $19@20: JNo. 2
northernj" foundry, .$18@10; vNo.s-1". foundry,
southern, $17 50@18;'No-2 f oundry. - southern.
soft.$17.5O@18. Glasgow closed at 54s 4d and
Middlesboro at 48s 6d. .• ; -; ''¦ '¦-'-¦' ' ' :
the better can be said of the wool market here
this . week. •¦ « Business ' on - the j whole . ia " quiet."
Territory wools are steady, in ¦•' price, but they
have : been > rather • quiet. ~ Fine choice ;» staple
scoured is ; selling at ¦ 50@52c < and ; fine medium
at ;'47@48c. . Ordinary- fine * scoured is quoted
at 4S@50c; fine medium' at 43@45c. T
and $1 25@1 50 for large; Garlic' 2@2%c: Los
Angeles Green Peppers, ;10@12%c; Mexican do,
8@10c: Egg Plant, from . Los Angeles, 17%@
20c; Summer Squash, from Los Angeles, $1®
1 60; 'Marrowfat Squash, $15@20 per ton; Hub
bard Squash, $15@20; Mushrooms, nominal.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per pound, in 100-lb
bags: Cubes, A. Crushed and Fine Crushed,
4.50c; Powdered. 4.35c: Candy Granulated.
4.35c; Dry Granulated Fine, 4.25c: Dry Granj
lated Coarse. 4.25c: Fruit Granulated. 4.25c;
Beet Granulated ¦ (100-lb bags only), none;
Confectioners' A, 4.25c; Magnolia A. 3.R5c;
Extra C. 3.75c; Golden C, 3.65c; "D," 3.33c;
barrels, 10c more; half-barrel3, 25c more:
boxes, 50c more; 50-lb bags, 10c more, for all
kinds. Dominos — Half-barrels, 4.75c; boxes.
5c per lb. No order taken for less than 73
barrels or its equivalent.
LUMBER — Retail prices are as follows:
Pine ordinary sizes. S1&J819 50: extra size*.,
higher: Redwood. $17@20; Lath, 4 feet, $-1 OOfS
4: Pickets. - $19; Shingles. $2 for No. 1 and
$1 75 for No. 2: Shakes. $13 for split and $14
for sawn; Rustic, $25@31.
SALT — The cheaper grades are marked up,
but the higher grades generally remain un
changed. Liverpool. $30@G2 50 for the best and
?28@29 for factory filled. Domestic — Imita
tion Liverpool. $2S 25@27: H. R. H., $26 25®
27; California Dairy. 50-lb bags. $28; Rock
Salt, $18 50@l!> 60, according to quantity;
Granulated, $20 23@27 per ton.
QUICKSILVER— $45 5C@47 per flask for lo
cal use and $44 for export.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 7&
7%c per lb; White Lead, 6%@7%c, according
to quantity.
LEATHER — Sole. heavy. 29® 32c; extra
heavy, 30@40c per lb; medium, 27®29c: light.
24g2Bc; Rough Leather, 26@28c; Harness
Leather, heavy, 35@39c for No. 1 and 30@33o
for No. 2: medium, 30@37c; light.' 29@35c:
Skirting, No. 1. 40@42c; No. 2, 36@38c; Collar
Leather, 15@16c per foot; Trace Leather, 40®
44c; Kip, unfinished. 40@50c per lb; Veal.
finished, 16@17c per foot: Belt Knife Splits,
14@16c: Rough Splits. 8@10c per pound.
TANBARK— Ground. ?25@2S per ton; stick,
$16@18 Der cord.
OIL— California Castor Oil. in casea. No. 1.
70c; pure. $1 20; Linseed Oil. in barrels, boiled.
76c; raw, 74c; cases, 5c more; Lucol, 66c for
boiled and 64c for raw. In barrels; Lard OU.
extra winter strained, barrels. 90c; cases. 95c;
China Nut, 57%@68c per gallon; pure Neats
foot, in barrels, 70c: cases, 75c; Sperm, pure,
65c; Whale Oil, natural white, 40@50c per gal
lon: Fish Oil, barrels 42%c; cases, 47%c: Co
coanut Oil, barrels, 63%c for Ceylon and 58%o
for Australian. v
COAL OIL — Extra Star is le lower and Gas
oline %c higher; Water White Coal Oil. in bulk.
13 Vic; .Pearl Oil, in cases. 20c; Astral. 20c;
Star. 20c; Extra Star, 23c; Elaine. 25c; Eocene.
22c; deodorized stove Gasoline, in bulk. 16c;
in cases, 22%c; Benzine, in. bulk. 14%c; ia
cases. 21c: 86-degree Gasoline, in bulk, 20c; in
casea, 2C%c.
TURPENTINE — 67c per gallon in cases and
61c in drums and Iron barrels.
Salvador — 12% 313c for strictly prim*
washed; 10%@12c for good to prim* washed:
8@10c for fair washed; 10%@ll%o for good to
prime washed peaberry; SH4@10c for good to
prime semi-washed; 8%@9c for superior un
washed; 8i4@S%c for good green unwashed;
9@9%c for good to superior unwashed pea
berry; 6®7c for common to ordinary.
Nicaragua — 12@15a for crime to fancy
washed; 9%@llc for fair to strictly good
washed; 8@S%c for good to superior unwashed;
9@9%e for good to prime unwashed peaberry.
Guatemala and Mexican — 13©15%c for prim©
to fancy washed: 11%@12%o for stricUy gooi
washed: 10%@U%c for good washed; 9%910%e
for fair washed; 8@9o for medium; 6@7%c for
inferior to ordinary; 10%@12c for good to
prime washed peaberry; 9@10c for good to
prime unwashed peaberry: SVi@S%c for good
to superior unwashed. - »
the case: Mammoth White. $2 50@3 75;^arg«
$2@3 15; Medium White, $1 «@- «£•
Small White. *1 60; Maminotb /Green. *¦}&&
3 65- Large Green, $2@2 W>; Medium Green.
$1 75@2 60;. Small Green. $1 50. '
CANNED FRUITS— The , California Fruit
Canners quote as follows, ia 2%-lb tins.
Apples. $1 35@1 53; Apricots, $J. 25@1 50.
Peaches, yellow. $1 40@l d &^f P.°. n x£"£?'
$1 o»V&\ 75; Bartlett Pears. *1 60@l t&i -Pta™ 8 ;
$1 10@l 30: Nectarines. $1 25@1 50; Muscat
Grapes, $1 15@1 35; Quinces, »/ 30©l 5o.
Strawberries. $1 60©l 73; Blackberries. *1 *J
COAL— Wellington, $0 per ton; Southneld
Wellington, $9; Seattle. $(i 50; Bryant, $tt 50.
Koslyn. $7; Coos Bay. $5 50; Greta. $8; walls
end. $8 50; Co-operative Wallsend, $8 50; Cum
berland. $12 in bulk and $13 25 in sacks; Penn
sylvania Anthracite Egg. .* Welsh Anthra
cite, $14: Cannel, $11 per ton: Coke. $15 per ton
in bulk and $17 in sacks; Rocky Mountain de
scriptions, $S 45 per 2000 lbs and $8 50 per ton.
according; to brand. I
CORDAGE — The local cordage company
quotes as follows: Pure Manila. ltf%c per 16;
Sisalsize. 12%c; Bale Rope. 12%c for Sisai
and 16%c for Manila: Duplex. 11 %c. Terms.
60 days or 1% per cent cash discount. Lots of
10,000 lbs, lc less. .
PACIFIC CODFISH— Bundles, per'lb. 3%c:
cases. Regular, 4%c; cases. Extra Large. 4%e;
cases. Eastern style. 6c; Boneless, 5c; "Nor
way," 5c; "Narrow Gauge." 5%e; "Silver
King," 7c: Blocks. "Orientals." 5%c; Blocks.
"Seabrlght." 6&c; Tablets. 7c; Middles. 6%©
8o; 5-lb boxes. Fancy Boneless, 9c; 2-lb boxes.
Fancy Boneless. 7@8c; Desiccated, per dozen.
80c; Pickled Cod, barrels, each. $7; Pickled
Cod, half-barrels, each. $4 25.
COFFEE— Costa Rica— 14@15c for strictly
prime to fancy washed; 12%@13%c for prime
washed; ll@12c for rood washed; ll%@13o for
good to prime washed peaberry; 10%@llc for
good to prime peaberry; 10%@llc for good to
prime; 8%@10c for fair; 6@3o for common to
ordinary.
THE SAN -FE ANCISCa CAJLL, WEDNESDAY^, APRII/l^j 1902.
LOCAI- MARKETS.
Chicago .Grain Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
STOCK MARKET.
Foreign Futures. /
Shipment of $123,612 in specie to China.
Marked decline in Silver. Exchange undisturbed I.".'
Wheat and Wheat freights firm.
Barley steady, but 'with more offering..
Oats, Corn and Rye as previously quoted.
Bran firm, Middlings steady and Hay easy.
Beans still quiet, with whites depressed.
Butter, Chxcsc and Eggs coming in heavily.
Raisins still unsettled. Nuts steady. Honey quiet and easier.
Nothing new in Dried Fruits. ;
Provision dealers hinting of a further advance.
Hogs firm and in light receipt.
Beef , Mutton and Veal unchanged. •
Cheaper grades of Salt advanced:
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables about as before.
Fresh Fruits selling well at steady prices.
More activity in the oil stoclss.
Local stocks and bonds in fair movement.
New prices on some descriptions of Coal Oil.
12
STATIONS.
3 .
K 2 B
•^S 2F
33 33-=a
Jc ¦eg p-o
5." 2. ! ° ;
to -
n
"I
p
5"
s
Aetoria ....... 29. W 62 4« S
Baker ........29.94 «C 32 NE,
rar«on .......29.90 <i2 34 W
FurclSi .......30.02 62 48 SW
So 29.88 82. 54 N
Fiagiiail 29. 8C 64 24 EW
PocfteuS Id...29.92 60 34 W
tete^Oenee .29.84 76 60 W.
Lo« Anceles... 29.92 70 4« W
i Clcuily ,- .00
PtlCldy .00
. Cloudy '-.00
*Pt.Cldy;.OO
Cloudy". .00
Clear .00
Clear .00
Cloudy • .00
Pt.Cldy .00
Phoenix .. 29.76 90 56
Portland 29.88 72 44
Red Bloff 29.94 74 54
Roseburg 29. SS 74 44
Sacramento ...29.92 70 56
Salt Lake.... .29.98 60 34
San Francisco. 30. 00 60 50
S. L. Obispo..29.»8 74 4S.
San Diego... ..23. 94 62 56-
Seattle 29.90 68 42
Spokane 30.02 64 ' 28
Neah Bay 29.88 56 42
Walla Walla. .29.90 JO 40
Winnemucca ..29.90 CS 30
Yuma 29. 7G 94 58
NW Clear .00
SE • Pt.Cldy .00
SE Pt.Cldy .00
W Rain T.
SE Cloudy ,.00
N Clear .00
W Clear .00
S Cloudy .00
W Clear .00
NW Clear : .00
NE Pt.Cldy ..00
E Cloudy \00
SW :¦ Clear ' .00
' W • Cloudy .00
SW Clear. .00
STATIONS.
3 .
K 2 B
•^S 2F
33 33-=a
Jc ¦eg p-o
5." 2. ! ° ;
to -
n
"I
p
5"
s
Aetoria ....... 29. W 62 4« S
Baker ........29.94 «C 32 NE,
rar«on .......29.90 <i2 34 W
FurclSi .......30.02 62 48 SW
So 29.88 82. 54 N
Fiagiiail 29. 8C 64 24 EW
PocfteuS Id...29.92 60 34 W
tete^Oenee .29.84 76 60 W.
Lo« Anceles... 29.92 70 4« W
i Clcuily ,- .00
PtlCldy .00
. Cloudy '-.00
*Pt.Cldy;.OO
Cloudy". .00
Clear .00
Clear .00
Cloudy • .00
Pt.Cldy .00
Phoenix .. 29.76 90 56
Portland 29.88 72 44
Red Bloff 29.94 74 54
Roseburg 29. SS 74 44
Sacramento ...29.92 70 56
Salt Lake.... .29.98 60 34
San Francisco. 30. 00 60 50
S. L. Obispo..29.»8 74 4S.
San Diego... ..23. 94 62 56-
Seattle 29.90 68 42
Spokane 30.02 64 ' 28
Neah Bay 29.88 56 42
Walla Walla. .29.90 JO 40
Winnemucca ..29.90 CS 30
Yuma 29. 7G 94 58
NW Clear .00
SE • Pt.Cldy .00
SE Pt.Cldy .00
W Rain T.
SE Cloudy ,.00
N Clear .00
W Clear .00
S Cloudy .00
W Clear .00
NW Clear : .00
NE Pt.Cldy ..00
E Cloudy \00
SW :¦ Clear ' .00
' W • Cloudy .00
SW Clear. .00TRANSPORT THOMAS IN PORT FROM MANILA
DEEPLY LADEN WITH AMERICAN SOLDIER DEAD
UNITED STATES ARMY TRANSPORT THOMAS, WHICH ARRIVED FROM THE PHILIPPINES YESTERDAY
WITH NEARLY TWO THOUSAND SOLDIERS ON BOARD, INCLUDING ' MEMBERS : OF THE THIRD IN
FANTRY AND TIME-EXPIRED WARRIORS. ONE DEATH OCCURRED ONTHETOTAGE.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographio Office, i U. S. N.. -Mer-
; chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
April 15, 1902. - '
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day,
i. e., at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
p. m., Greenwich mean time. ; .
. .- ' >W. H. STANDLEY. ¦-
. ". - . Lieutenant. Ul S. N., in charge.
Coast Sur\*ey charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reierence is the mean
of the lower low waters. . • ¦ • . .
Sailed April 13— Ship Hecla, for San Fran-
Cisco.- : ¦ ¦ .
MAZATLAN— Arrived ADril 4— Schr Min
dora, from Newcastle, Aus.
MADEIRA — Arrived Aoril 3— Br stmr Den
bighshire, from Tacoma. and salled'for United
Kingdom. '
QUEENSTOWN — Arrived April 14 — Fr bar*
Due d'Aumale. hence Nov 20. ¦• • '
Sailed April 14— Fr bark Belen, for Antwerp;
Br bark Hinemoa. for Antwero. •
GUAYAQUIL— Sailed March 30 — Ger stmr
Denderah, for Hambur". • • :
MANILA— Sailed about. March 28-rShlD Lu
zon,' for - ; — . - ¦ - ¦¦¦ ¦ ¦ ¦¦ • . ¦¦¦
PANAMA— To sail April 20— Br stmr Gua
temala, for San Francisco. ' . ¦ - •'•*.<
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Sailed ADril 15— Stmr Cevlc.
for .Liverpool. . -..
: NAPLES — Arrived April 15 — Stmr Marianne,
from: Tacoma. via. St "Vincent. C V. • . .
BOULOGNE — Arrived Aaril 15 — Stmr Rot
terdam, from New York. ¦ .
HAMBURG— Sailed April- 15— Stmr Totmes,
for San Francisco. : •
BREMEN-AArriyed April 15 — Stmr Kron
prinz -Wilhelm, from New York, via Plymouth
and Cherbourg. ••..- ¦•-. - - , •
Continued from Page Twelve.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Pensioner Donahue Missing.
John Donahue, a pensioner about 60
years old, residing at 209 Leidesdorff
street, was reported to the Coroner yes
terday as missing since April 7.
Still Fears for Bed Bock.
More cases of ealmon have been picked up
tlong- the -nest coast of Vancouver Island and
The ranlr allayed fears for the safety of the
British ship Red Rock have be~n aroused again.
Th* Red Rock is just about due in London.
She has not been spoken since she left the
Fr2ser River in the storm that swallowed up
th*> gunboat Condor. Cases of salmon that
ha 5 formed part of her cargo were picked up
kooji after she sailed and her underwriters im
jr-ediately began reinsuring her. No more
WiK-kape was found and the rate has grad
ur-li" dropped to 15 per cent. The finding of
mere calraon has revived the fears of disas
ter and the rate was yesterday advanced to 20
pfr cent.
Hongkong Maru Sails.
The Toyo Kisen Kaisha's Hongkong Maru
Failed yester-Jay for Honolulu ani 1 the Orient
vith s. rather light cargo and about twenty
tabin passengers.
Among those that sailed on the Hongkong
were :
For Yokohama— Rev. W. L. Curtis. Mrs: "W".
I.. Curtis and child. Miss E. Fox-Strangways,
Dr. Mary A. Holbrook and eervant, O. H. P.
Kobe — A. C. Eryer, A. S. Chesebrough. Miss
C E. Stirling.
Nagasaki — G. H Stork. .
Shanghai — Mrs. E. L. Douglas, Mrs. T. Emer-
BOD, Tao Yu C. Sun.
Hongkocr — G. \V. Beecher, Fritz J. Frank,
}». KraiTt, Arthur Lewis. Captain Carlos A. B.
dp Yaseonceilos, Mrs. Carlos A. B. de Vasccn
ct-lJos. J. S. MaUory.
Honolulu — B. A. Gould. J. I. Jacob, L. E.
Thipps. A. H. Rosengarten Mrs. A. H. Rosen
parten. H. C. Smith. W. Schellhass.
Deputies from the Sheriff's office created
t scene yesterday afternoon oa Geary
street, between Mason and Taylor.
At the Instance of George Metcalf, who
owns a row of buildings on Metcalf place,
off Geary, between Mason and Taylor,
they ejected Mrs. Kate Gilligan from her
home at 10 Metcalf place and scattered
her furniture over the sidewalk.
Metcalf claims that Mrs. Gilligan owes
l.irn four and a half months rent, that
the stopped up the sewer, costing him $30
•*io repair it. and refused to move although
served with a notice to vacate.
Mrs. Gilligan claims that Metcalf raised
the rent and that she was unable to pay
it. She says ehe had intended paying up
when she got the money. She also claims
that she has receipts showing that she
paid all the original rent up to date. She
denies having been troublesome and says
that Metcalf used abusive language to
her.' Tbe deputies who removed her fur
niture climbed over the back fence about
12 o'clock yesterday and entered the house
in spite of her objections.
Mrs. Gllllgan has the sympathy of the
people in the neighborhood. The furniture
does not belong to her, but to her sister,
who was compelled to stand out all night
watching her effects.
the Rent Was Not Paid
Is Denied.
Landlord's Statement That
Sheriffs Deputies Forci
bly Remove House
hold Effects.
EJECT A WOMAN
FROM HER HOME
TO SAIL.
FROM SEATTLE.
j Schr General Banning:. Bennewitz, Mazatlan;
W'm Olsen.. •• • •• . -• • •-.-. • ¦¦-.'.
SAILED. ¦;: ./. ' .
Tuesday,' April 16.
Stmr Samoa, Madscn. Caspar. ¦'.¦•¦. : •
Stmr Alcazar. Martin,' Greenwood. • . "
. Stmr Despatch. Johnson, Seattle and Fair
haven. ¦ ' -: - '. • ' .'¦ •-..¦( I
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, Santa Cruz. • ¦ : ~ • ¦
Stmr ' Scotia. Walvigr. Stewarts ¦ Point.- ¦<
Stmr Seauoia. Winkle, Grays Harbor. '._:: .
i Stmr Celia,' Hosan,- —^-. ¦ .-. ¦-.-.¦•¦ -•; < -?¦¦
-v Jap stmr Hongkong Maru, -Filmer, Hongkong'
and Yokohama, ' via Honolijlu. : ¦'¦ . . • '¦': ¦
Ship; Jsaac Reed, Kelly, Bristol : Bay. V
. Schr Ida. Campbell, Bodega.
•Schr R- C Slade, Sonerud, Grays .Harbqr. ¦
¦ Schr Barbara Hernster. Benedlktson, . 3
-rr.i-j ¦: SPOKEN. ' . --;v .• ;• ' i- '¦'
March C, lat C4 S.lon 95 -Br shlp-Tbrri
don, "from Portland, "for'Queenstowh: .'
. March 8, lat 55 S.'lonSl W — Br ship Beech
dale, frcm Fraser River, for Liverpool.' v.-.v-'
JVIarch 11. lat 55 S. Ion ¦ «3 W — Fr -b.ark
Jacqu?s, from Greenock, tor San Francisco.
March 27, lat 1 N, Ion 24 W — Br ship'Clav
«rclcn, from Hamburg, for San Francisco. "
TELEGRAPHIC. .
POINT LOBOS, April 15. 10 pm— Weather
clear; wind W, velocity 8 miles per hour. ,-> '¦
" DOMESTIC PORTS. ' . . S; ' ' ;
PORT LOS ANGELES— Sailed April 15—
Stmrs Noyo and Alc'atraz, for San Francisco. •
ASTORIA— Arrived Aaril 15— Stmr Colum
bia, hence April 13. ¦ . . •
Sailed April 15 — Stmr Elmbre, for Tilla
mook. • . . ¦ • . ¦
SAN PEDRO— Sailed April 15— Stmr .Coos'
Bay, for San Francisco; schr A M Baxter, for'
New Whatcom.
_NEAH BAY— Passed out April 15-r-Ger bark
Pallas, from Vancouver, for United Kingdom.
Parsed In - ADrtl 15-^Nor stmr TelluS.' hence
April:12. .for- LadysmlUi.t.-—- ¦ . - . SMS .-...=-.,,»-.
WHATCOM— Sailed •April-'lS-^Tap Btmr Sha
kano Maru,. for Shanghai. . ' ' - ' •• •> — -
• COOS ' BA Y— Arrived April -15, 2 a m— Stm?-
Empire, hence April 11. . ". . - .- •
Arrived Apr 15— Stmr Empire, hence Apr li.
¦ Sailed April 15-^Stmr Arcata, for Kan-Fran
cisco. • , . ¦ .,_ ¦
EUREKA— Arrived April . 15— Stmr Pasa
dena, from San Pedro; stmr Eureka, hence
April 14. ..
Sailed April 15 — Schr Lottie Carson, for San
Pedro. . . ¦ • < :
ROGUE RIVER — Arrived April 12— Schr Del
Norte. hence March 19; schr Berwick, hence
March 14.
CRESCENT' CITY— Sailed April 15— Stmr
Mandalay, for San Francisco. ¦ ¦'.
SEATTLE— Arrived April 15— Stmr: Edith,
hence April 11: stmr Meteor, hence April 9.
PORT GAMBLE — Arrived April 15 — Schr
Maria E- Smith, hence April 2. •-'
Sailed April 15 — Schr Joseph Russ,- for San-
Francisco. ... .¦ - : -• ,
Sailed April' 15 — Stmr Cottase City, for'
Sltka. ¦ ¦ ¦•¦¦.¦• .-. -. ..'-:/
Arrived April 15 — Stmr Jeanle. fromValdez;
Jap stmr Riojun Maru, f rom . Hongrkong. =1 '. ¦
TACOMA— Sailed Aoril 15— Dutch stmr WU
helmina. for St Vincent; stmr Mackinaw, . for
San Francisco; stmr City of Puebla, 'for Se
attle; stmr Cottage City, for Alaska. • -'
FORT BRAGG— Sailed Anril 15— Stmr Co-'
qullle River, for San Francisco. ' . ¦ ¦
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Aaril 15— Jap
stmr Riojun Maru, from. Hongkong-, for Se
attle. ¦ • ¦ ¦ • . ¦ ••¦ . • "" • - :
Sailed Atiril 15— Br ship Scottish Hills, for'
Port Blakeley; schr Inca, for Taku; schr Gam-)
ble, for Naknek., ..•'..•.• ',''... "
EASTERN PORT. 'A.'. I
NEW . YORK— Arrived. April 15— Stmr >'Allt
anca, from Colon.- ¦ '''...' .-.-: '
. . ISLAND . PORTS. :¦.
HONOLULU— Arrived " April 9— Bark Lou- :
isiana, from Newcastle, Aus; Br stmr Moana, '
from colonies; U S stmr Sheridan, hence April
2 (in quarantine). .. ,'• .' . -
Off port night 'Of'-- April 9— Bark supposed, to.
be Haydn Brown, . from Newcastle, .fox 1 Hono
lulu. ¦'¦-.,.: . ¦..-..''> ' ' ¦¦ - ;¦,¦¦,-¦•''.¦ : ""'
Sailed April 8— Schr Alice Cooke," .for Port
Gamble. April Or^-Br stmr Moana. for Vic-'
torla. . . . ' ' ' . '•
• . FOREIGN PORTS. ' - ,-
PISAGUA— Sailed April 15— Schr Kona, for"
Honolulu. . - - • ' ¦ . ¦ ¦ '
NOUMEA— Arrived April ]5— Schr Muriels
from Port Blakeley; schr Robert R Hind, from
Port Blakeley. . , . ¦¦ - . - :
VANCOUVER — Sailed,. April 15 — Ger .bark
Pallas, • for London. . , • > •':. '
VICTORIA— Arrived April 14— Jap stmr Rio
jun Maru, from Hongkong 1 . •
Sailed April 14— Br stmr Empress of Japan,,
for China and Japan.
ANTWERPr-In • port April 6— Br ship Ga
lena, for San ' Francisco. . • . .
HAMBURG— In , port March 27— Br ship
Powys Castle, for Seattle. • ., .
Arrived April 14 — Br ship British , Isles,
hence Dec 1. . '¦' " ¦
DUNGENESS — Passed April 14— Br ship
SlieVe Roe. from ; Antwerp, for San .Francisco.
GIBRALTAR— Passed April 14— Br 6tmr
Glengarry, 1 from Tacoma, for London. ":',?..
YOKOHAMA— Arrived March 28— Br, stmr
Strathgyle, from Hongkong., . - , •» . ¦•
BELFAST, April 13— Ger ship Rlgel return
inz In tow. -, "¦- ' ..•¦•
CALCUTTA— Arrived . March 10 — Br stmr
Cymbellne.: to load for San Francisco.
FALMOUTH— Arrived April 14— Russ bark
Fahwohl. from Tacoma. ; / .
Arrived April 15 — Ger shin Slrene, from Ore
BOn. ¦ :¦¦¦--:'•,.¦ - • , "-.¦• ' '-'¦<¦ .. ¦:. , ¦¦•. •
DUBLIN— Arrived : April -14^-Fr bark Amlral
de/ Cornuller, ; from: Oregon. .-,.. r.
LIVERPOOL — Arrived April 15 — Br ship
Foyledale, from Westport. r ¦>,- '¦'¦¦¦'.¦¦.¦
SUEZ— Sailed April lo^Spanlsh stmr Isla de
Luzon,- for" Liverpool.- :¦ - .' ¦¦¦¦¦
NEWCASTLE, . Aus— Sailed April 13 — Br
Port. Caledonia, for San ; Francisco. ¦
WEDNESDAY. APRIL 16.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
•Tuesday, April 15.'
Stmr Westoort, Erickson, 34 •' hours frcm
Crescent City. - - , ¦ t • . - - ..
Stmr Pomona, Shea, 16% hours from Eureka.
Stmr, Crescent City, Payne, 32 hours from
Crescent City. • ' . . . j ¦»;¦
Stmr Geo W Elder, Randall, 65 hours ' from
Portland, ¦ via .Astoria 42 hours.
Btmr Sequoia. .Winkel, 39 . hours from ' Re
dondo. ¦ • . ' . •' :
Stmr Soutb Coast. Jamleson, 14 hours from
Albion. ' • - »
Stmr .- Alameda," Herriman, 5 days 20-hour3
from .Honolulu. , . ¦., . . ¦. ,' , .
Br : stmr /Victoria. Casey, 90 hours from
Ladysm.lth. . . . • . .. ¦'¦-¦¦.
U 'S/stmr Thomas,- Buford, '31 'days- from
Manila, via Nagasaki 18 days. .' . • .'
Ger stmr Neko. Krause, 100 days from Ham
burg, etc. ' - . — . . • . ; ¦ • /
Barge Santa Paula. McGovern. 5 days from
Ventura, via Santa Barbara 4 days; up river
direct; in tow tug Rescue..— . . ' . ,
Schr Mayflower, Gudmansen, 3 days "< from
Coquille River. ¦ ¦ ' ¦ . '¦ .» : '.•;;•
SChr ' Sophie ' Chrlstiansoh. Lunvaldt, 4 days
from Grays. Harbor. . . ; :. ¦¦-¦•- '.¦'._....
Schr' Free. Trade, . Ferguson, 4 days' from
Coos Bay. • ' • . . . T •
- Schr Llizie Prien. Stangeland. 9 days from
Blusla-w River. _ •'•?* - . ¦ ¦¦ ¦
< Schr'- Melancthon; Olsen, - 4 days ' from Coos
Bay. . V ¦¦¦. '•."¦„• ¦-'--••:.• ¦ ¦' •'--.-.' . ¦
' Schr ' Novelty, Perry, 6 daya . from >. Knapp
ton. ¦,.-'.¦'"•¦ ,'-' •• ¦¦ ' :¦ :.-,'•!: ' • ¦¦. ..'
Sehr Ivy,' Samuelson, 3- days 'front Coos Bay.
¦'•¦ •-'.'• •- : CLEARED. ':,;;/,-'. ';'.''<
'/:;'. ¦,-¦-¦ '.:'•'¦ '». ¦. • Tuesday'. "April 15.":,
•Stmr ¦ Santa - Cruz. .Nlcolson,- San Pedro;
Goodall," Perkins & Co.
, Stmr.. Queen. • Hall. Victoria; Goodall, Per
kins it-Co. •¦- • ' • 1 ¦ . . ¦>•-.
¦Jap"stmr Honckong Maru, Fllrner, Hongkong
and Yokohama,* via- Honolulu; -.-W* H Avtry. ; •¦-..
Ship Star of France, Boreman, Bristol Bay;
Alaska -Packers' ¦¦ Assn.' -*!-.•,..,•• ,. .. ¦¦:¦¦¦ .-,,
Bark Euterpe, Swanson, Bristol' Bay; Alaska
Packers' ¦¦ Assn. •'¦ • ' ......
- Br bark -Pitcairn -Island, Manson, Queens
town: J J Moore & Co.'BM,«HM|B|fSK|j*f»|i»lHriffjfi}
Steamer. . - For. ; ¦ .¦ Sails.
City Seattle.. Rkagway: tt Way Ports. Apr.- 17 -
Dolphin Skagway & Way. Ports. Apr. 1»
City of Topekt Skagway & Way Ports. Apr. 20
Farallon Skagway- & Way Ports'. Apr. 20'
Nome City... Nome direct ....". Apr. 21*
Al-KI.l Skagway & -Way . Ports. Apr, 23
Jettnie. ...... Nome direct... I.'..:.... Apr. 24
Excelsior. . . . Cooks Inlet & Way PW? Apr.' 25 '
Cottage City. Skagway & Way Ports. |Apr. 30
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides . of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time: th«
fourth time column gives the last tide or the
day. except when there, are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs." The ' heights given are In
addition to the soundings of the United State*
POWDER.
Giant 78** 79 /V'igorit ..... 3 3%
SUGAR.
H£na 3*i 4 Kllauea '..'.. — 9%
Hawaiian ... S3 — Makawell ... 22% —
Honokaa 10 — -Onomea 24 —
Hutchmsoa . 10^4 — Paauhau ... 11 12^4
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack.l61Hii62 Pac A F A.. 2% —
Cal Fruit As.103 104*4 Pac C Borax.165 —
Cai Wine Ae.100%101 Par Paint ..19 —
Oceanic S Co — 35 i I
Morning Session.
Board — ,
15 California Fruit Canners 103 25
40 Hutchinson S. P. Co 10 75
S5000 Oceanic S. S 99 75
(WO Sierra Railway of California 6s.. 114 00
$500<j Spring Valley 6s Ill 00
$10<>0 Spring Valley is (2nd mortgage) . 103 50
$7000 Spring Valley 4s (3d mortgage) .. 102 00
Street —
$".000 Los Angeles Railway 5s 118 87%
f 1000 Oakland Transit Co. 5s 114 23
11 Sacramento Electric, Gas & Ry.. 32 50
Afternoon Session.
Board —
10 Alaska Packers' Association 162 00
JDOOO Bay Counties Power Co. 5s 107 50
10 Contra Costa Water 78 25
25 Giant Powder Con 78 50
2<1 Giant Powder Con 78-87^
10 Makaweli 22 50
$1000 Market -st R. R. Con. 5s, cash... 121 00
StKxiO Northern Ry of California 5s 121 25
10 Oakland Gas 57 75
J2000 Sacramento Elec. Gas & Ry 5s.. 102 50
10 San Francisco Gas & Electric... 42 50
fKWj Sierra Railway of California 6s. 114 50
$,".000 S. F. & S. J. V 120 S7%
flOGo S. P. of Arizona (ISXJd) 113 50
5 Spring Valley Water 92 12V4
10 Spring Valley Water, s 90 92 00'
$5000 Spring Valley 6s Ill 00
Street —
$5000 Spring Valley 6s 11100
PRODUCERS* OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board—
200 California-Standard 19.
1000 Petroleum Center 09
1000 Petroleum Center, b SO 10
1000 Sovereign SO
6O0 Stirling, e VQ 1 50
4<K5O Sterling, s 30 1 52U
21O0 Sterling 155
liuO Sterling, s 90 1 55
400 Sterling 1 57 u
100 St«-lingr. b CO 1 571I
«00 Sterling \W
SOO Sterling, b 60 1 60
Afternoon Session.
2«» Junction 20
50 Kern, b 30 , 5 fJJ
600 Lion '..."I;-- 07
HO Monte Crirto V I 45
f>000 Petroleum Center " 03.
3000 Petroleum Center 10
1000 Petroleum Center, b 90 " jo
JMOO Petroleum Center, e 90 in
2000 Petroleum Center " 11
2000 Petroleum Center, b 90 jj I
J 000 Piedmont 08
2500 Piedmont " * «o '
100 Sterling .'/, t S
200 Sterling I." \ "£„
500 Sterling, b 30 1 e/i
1000 Sterling ' \\\ [
MINING STOC KS.
The following were the esles la the Pan Fran
cisco fctock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
}%?*'** Bcl " 24i ao ° p <*os! 22
••o^r^M emal •••-, ,°Si 10 ° Slerra MwK-; 25
,.00 Ophir 1 10 1
Afternoon Session. ;
200 C C & Va....l 351 300 Utah 04
«» p "<*i 21 1 200 Ytrjackei::: u
Eto^BoarTye'lte^y: 1116 " aleS '" "* PacIflc
Morning: Session.
JSS^'oi 3^! iSasE :::::: li
Afternoon Session.
gfgvgr: 21 tss&yr-'g
100 Best & Bel... ¦ 25 100 Ophir . 'l'l2%
300 Confidence ... 60! 1000 Overman 21
700 Crown Point. 08 1 800 Potoli "" 22
SOO Gould & Cur. 07. ISO Union Con .'.".' 23
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY. April 15—4 p. m
Bid. Ask., Bid A«V
Alpha 02 03 Justice OS 09
Alta 03 O5'Kentuck _ oi*
Andee 04 05, Lady Wash. .. — 04-
Belcher OS 10. Mexican 44 45
Best & Bel.. _, 24 25 j Occidental ... 08 08
Bullion 02 03[Ophlr 1 10 1 15
CaJedonla. ... 41, 43 Overman .... 20 22
Challenge ... 16 18,Potoei 22 23
Chcllar 11 32 Savage 11 13
Confidence ... CO 65 Scorpion 04
C C & Va 1 30 1 35'6eg Belcher.. — 03
Ton Imperial. — 01] Sierra Nev. .. 23 25
Con N Y — OllBUver Hill.... 47 49
Crown Point. 06 OS St Louis 06'
Eureka. Con.. 18 — Syndicate ... 06 —
Exchequer ... — 01 Union Con... 22 23
Gould & Cur. 07 OSiCtah ' 03 05
Hale & Nor.. 20 21 Tel Jacket... 11 12
Julia — 04i
Suo" rises .5:33
Sun sets .6:40
Mecn sets / ; ....1:52 a. m
The schooner General Banninsr was cleared
yesterday for Mazatlan with a general cargo to
be landed at various Mexican ports, valued at
$12 008. The cargo consisted of the following:
136.782 ft lumber. 467 bdls ehooks, - 10,000
laths, 1462 cs powder, 40 cs fuse, 4 cs blasting
caps, 1 cask beer and 20 bales hay.
A Cargo for Mexico.
To East Indies — 74 pkgs groceries and'pro
visions, 554 cs canned goods,- 720 lbs millstuffs,
138 cs canned salmon. -
To China — 3263 bbls flour, ,1278 cs canned
goods, 2220 lbs cheese, 1190 pkgs groceries and
provisions, 38 pkgs hardware. . 11 bales leather,
5120 lbs ham and bacon, 27 pkgg machinery,
1SC4 lbs beans. 102 pkgs beer. 2145 bales cotton
domestics. 1749 pigs lead, 275 gals liquors, 14
cs drugs, 17,598 lbs coffee, 14 pkgs bicycles' and
sundries, 4 cs champagne, 10 bales hay, 3080
lbs meal, 29 bxs fresh fruits, 7 bales dry goods,
194 pkgs building material. 2074 lbs .oats, 5000
lba pearl barley, . 65 ' cs salmon, 3524 gals and
16 cs wine. 180 bxs soap, 4735 lbs dried
shrimps, 225 lbs seed. 12,325 lbs seaweed.
To the Philippine Islands — 21 pkgs groceries
and provision*. 19 cs boots and shoes, 1)75 c.t
canned goods, 5 pkrs drugs, 2271 lbs soda, 1\
pkgs photographic goods,' 2 pkgs hardware, 100
cs mineral water, 26 pkgs wire, 19 cs electrical
goods.
To Korea — 31,892 ft lumber.
To Port Elizabeth — 30 cs salmon, 90 cs
canned fruits.
To Slam — 11 pkgs groceries and provisions.
To Japan — 614,647 lbs compressed cotton, 26
pkgs agricultural Implements, 1420 lbs butter,
481 cs- codfish, 625 lbs dried fruits, 473 pkgs
groceries and provisions, 103 pkgs hardware, 83
pkgs leather, 52 pkgs machinery, 6400 lbs bread,
180 lbs and 18 cs meal, 11 pkgs bicycles and
sundries. 2506 lbs chocolate, -.. 6 cs electrical
goods, 100 bbls meat. 4650 lbs sugar, 678 gals
and 25 cs wine, 100,057 lbs, tan bark, 12 crs po
tatoes, <!00 bxs soap. 37 pkgs tank material, 11
coils wire. 14 cs whisky.
The steamer Hongkong Maru sailed yester
day for China and Japan with a general carjro,
valued at $233,177, manifested and destined 'as
follows: For China, $122,265; Japan, $93'.5i8;
Philippine Islands. $12,638: East Indies. $37:$0;
Korea, $523; Slam. $82; Port Elizabeth, $383.
The following were the principal shipments: ".-
Exports to the Orient.
NOTE — The high and lew waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) j about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the ' same at both places.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Times and Heights of High and S Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.' \
Sun, Moon and Tide..
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
The barkentine Irmgard returns to Honolulu
with general cargo.
The French bark St. Rogatien is rechartered
for wheat to Europe. 25s.
The British ship Mylomene Is reported char
tered for wheat to Europe on owners" account.
Neko Arrives From Hamburg.
Thn Kosmos liner Neko arrived yesterday,
100 days from Hamburg. She' brought ten
passengers and about 600 tons of cargo. The
lattor was nearly, all from South American
ports. . " ' ¦
Alameda Makes Fast Passage.
The Oceanic SteamshiD Company's Alameda
arrived yesterday from Honolulu after one of
the most enjoyable and within half an hour
of the fastest of her many voyages between
the if land port and San Francisco. She brought
a larsre cargo of, sugar and other tropical prod
ucts and 206 pissengers. Of these 142 came
up in the steeraee and were mostly Portu
guese who have been working on the island
plantations and now expect to settle in Call-;
fornia. .
The Alameda experienced dellehtful weather
from port to port and madk the trip in five
days and twenty hours, or within half an
hour of her record trfp. - Among the passengers
were: F. W. Aust. W. M. Alexander, Profes
sor Averdam." wife and three children; Mls-5
Averdam. Wallace Anderson. C. H. Brown,
Arthur Bozio, Mrs. Bender, Miss Bender, Mrs.-
Thomas Cole. Dr. Crlley. Miss. G. Clark. F.
F. Crowson, Miss Chamnlin, George B. Cham
pi in A.. W. Carter. W. B: Coit and wife. Dr.
Grant Calhoun, James Dubois. Mrs. George
Davies and child, Mr. and Mrs. Douglas, E.
J. Doty, George F. Davies. Mrs. H. EIweM
and child J. R. Fulton. Mrs. H. C. Ellis and
child, A. Frank and wife. Miss Fay, Miss
Freese Mr. Fountain, Mrs. Geddinss, W. C.
Gregg,' T. G. Hathaway. Mrs. H. G. Hufcut,
Miss M W. Herrick. J. W.- -Ho.«roan.an<i -w«<-.
Miss C. Haskins. Mrs. W. B. Hayseldlne and
child E. H. Hart. Mrs. E. G. Ives and two
children, C. Russell James, Miss J. Kauffman,
Kim Youns. Mrs. William Lishman. W. H.
Layson and wife. Miss S. LevinKSton, C. W.
Lombard, H. M. Levy. Mrs. H. H; Mays, MIoS
Marks Mrs. McLaujrhlin, Miss McLaughlin,
J T. Murphy. Miss Clare Miller. Miss Potter.
Miss F. J. Pratt. R-' Putnam, J. G. Pratt;
Miss Reynolds, J. D. Ryan. E. L. Stryker. H.-
E Smith, Mrs. T. M. Schumacher, J. C. Smith.-
Mrs R. Siiva, A. M. Scott. G. A. Soden and
wife. Mrs. and Miss Tompkins, A. S. Tuttle.
Miss E. Nelson. Miss Woodruff. Mrs. Wor
tham. Mr. and Mrs. A. Nelson and child. Mrs.
Gill and F. H. Wilcox.
HE United States army transport
I -Thomas arrived yesterday, thirty^
I one days from Manila and eighteen
11 daya from Nagasaki. She had on
board 681 men of the Third Inf an
try. 786 enlisted and discharged soldiers,
55 sick in the hospital, 10 prisoners, 10
stowaways and 98 cabin passengers. In
cluding civilian passengers, she brought
home 1839 souls. She also brought the
remains of 345 soldiers. Private James C.
Salmon of Company K, Second Infantry,
died on April 4 during the voyage home.
The other bodies had been buried in the
Philippines and disinterred that the re'r
mains might take their final rest in
American soil.
Chaplain McKinnon, formerly of the
First California Volunteers, but now of
the Third Cavalry, was a passenger as
far as Nagasaki. # He "was in excellent
health and sent by his army brothers his
fond remembrances to his friends in San
Francisco. . (
Colonel Auman of the Twenty-ninth In
fantry.' who was U passenger on the
Thomas, will return to the Philippines by
the next transport, his regiment being
now on its way to Manila. C. Johnson,
United States Vice Consul at Amoy, was
also a passenger. He. was accompanied
by his wife and returns. for a vacation
after four years at his oriental post. Dr.
Johnson's home is in Denver, where he
held the position of Police Surgeon prior
to his consular appointment. ¦ . ¦•
The Third Infantry men will ..be landed
to-day at the Presidio. Of the others 457
will be taken to the musterfng-out camp
at Angel Island and 281 will be landed- at
the transport dock, free from all • army
obligations and at liberty to go where
they please.
The cabin passengers were:
Colonel J. H. Page, Lieutenant Colonel J. J.
O'Connell. "Major William Pauldinjr, Captains
F. M M. Beall. M. Xichols. P. K. Day. H.
Freeland. J. H. McRae, C. G. Dwyer, W. R.
Sample. W. P. Jackson. H. A. Smith, F. B.
Parker and F. B. Watson; Lieutenants P.
Giddines, T. H. Frtesell. T. Ross. H. S. Wy-
Rani. P. B. M. Walker. G. B. Pond. B. Sharp,
O. H.- Dockery, P. Hurst, W. R. Gibson. A.
K. Baskette, F. E. Smith. R. B. Clark. J. Hi
Page, R. I. Reese, W. A. Me Daniels, C. C.
Lewis. W. B. Stone. D. G. Ball. C. C. Jones,
H. W. Bathiann, C. Keller, W. H. Plummer
and C. S. Orchard; Mrs. Kaine. Richard
Keuhne. Mrs. Kelly, :»'. G. Lampsgn, Lieuten
ant Colonel S. C. Mills, Mr?. S. C. Mills and
niece, Mies A. R. P. Mackereth. Mrs. J. H.
McRae and three children. Mrs. M. Nichols,
Miss Nave. Mrs. J. H. . Page, Misses Florence
and Marjorie Pate, Dr. H. Peddicord. Major
F.-L. Payson and wife. Dr. Joseph Pettyjohn.
J. F. Ryan. E. Rivers, Lieutenant N. J. Shel
ton, Mrs. W...-R. Sample, two. children ¦ and
governess; Miss Florence Sollman. Mrs. J. C.
Showalter. Eli E. Tait, Hon. George P. Whit
sett, Mrs. F. B. Watson and child, J. C.
Woodruff. Lieutenant J. G, Livingstone, Chap
lain O. J. Nave, Colonel W. Auman. wife and
daughter; H. S. Alexander. Mrs. F. M. M^
Beall. Lieutenant H. R- Casey. Mrs. F. R.
Day. Hlci J. M. Dow, J. M. Dow. G. C. Doran.
Mrs. T. H. Frissell and child. H. Hossfleld.
T. F. Johnson. Jacob KreDs and William Klip.
¦ From Nagasaki — Colonel Johnson "ana wife
and Lieutenant I. R. Ricliards Jr. ...'.-.
THE SullSQ^
13
O Time " Time Time . Time -
a Ft Ft. Ft. Ft.
» L W HW LWHW .
16 0:17 2.9 6:04 4.5 12:42 0.6 7:«1. BjO
17 1:23 2.5 7:22 4.6 1:38 0.8 8:81 03
18 2:20 1.9 8:31 4.7 2:33 1.1 9:13 6 5
19 3:10 1.4 9:32 .4.8 S:16 1.3 9:61 , SB
20 3:57 1.0 10:27 4.9 3:66 1.6 10:27 63
21 4:39 0.7 11:18 4.9 4:34 1.9 11:01 55
22 6:16 0.5 12:05 4.7 5:10 2.2 11:34 64
23 5:55 0.2jl2:52 4.6 6:44 2.5 . . :?.
Steamer.
From.
I .Due.
Wasbtenaw. . Tacoma Apr. 16
Coos Bay.... San Pedro & Way Ports. Apr. IT
IJrr.etlll*.... Pujjet Sound Ports. :... Apr. 17
Spokane San Diego & Way .Ports Apr. 17
Point Arena. . Point Arena . . Apr. 17
Eureka Humholdt ' Apr. 17
Xlardalay... Coqullle River Apr. 17
Artec Tacoma '..'.. Apr. 17
Kraplrc Coos Bay ..•. Apr. 17
Phcenix Mendoeino City ....'.... Apr. 17
Areata Coos'Bay '..Apr. 17
Mackinaw. . . Tacoma Apr. 18
San Pedro. . . Humboldt Apr. 18
Argo..; Eel River Ports..;.... Apr. 18
Chas. Nelson. San Pedro Apr. 18
Rival.,.,.:.. Willapa Harbor ........ Apr. 18
North Fork. . Humboldt . .;. . .,,... . . . . .lApr.' 19
Lakme Portland & Astoria.V..'Apr. 10
Chehalla..... Grays Harbor .:...-;•.;..< Apr." 19
Pomona Humboldt ......;¦. .*.'. . . .J Apr. 20
G. Dollar (Grays Harbor ..'-. Apr.- 20
Columbia Portland & Astoria .... Apr. 20
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Pts.. Apr. 21
SiintaCrus.. Newport & Way Ports.. Apr. 21
Sonoma...... Sydney .& Way Ports... Apr. 21
Edith Seattle , lApr. 21
Pleiades Seattle lApr. 21
San- Juan.... Panama fc.Way Ports.. Apr. 22
Doric China & Japan ., Apr. 22
City of Puebl Puget. Sound Ports Apr.' 22
Santa Ana . . . Seattle & Taconia .:.,... Apr. 22
Argyll New York via Panama. Apr. 24
Q. W. Elder., Portland' & Astoria (Apr. 25
Australia Tahiti lApr. 28
Steamer.
Destination
|Sails.| Pier.
April 10. I j .'
Coronado.. Grays Harbor | 5 pmlPler 2
G.C.Lind'er Grays Harbor j.B .pm)P!er,'8
Newburg.. Grays Harbor I 5 pmlPier 2
8. Mcnlca. . Humboldt I 4 pmlPier 2
Santa Cruz. Newport & Way Pts| 0 am|Pler 11
Queen..... Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
Rainier Seattle A N. What. 5 pm Pier 2
April 17.
Arctic... Humboldt 4 pm Pier 2
Alliance... Portland & Way Its 5 pm Pier 16
State Cal.. San Diego & Way.: 0 am Pier 11
Pomona. . : Humbdldt '. . 1 :30 p Pier 9
J.S.K.imb'11 Seattle A'Tacoma.. 10 am Pier 2
April 18.
Empire.... Coos Bay .:....... 10 am Pier 13
G. Elder... Astoria & Portland.|ll am Pier 24
Acapulco... Panama & Way Pts 12 \ m PMS3
April 10. I -
Arcata..... Coos Bay & Pt Orfd]12 m Pier 13
Kun-na.... Humboldt ..; 112 m Pier 13
Pt;- Arena.. Point Arena ...... .| 2 pm Pier 2
Alameda... Honolulu 2 pm Pier . 7
Portland... Nome via Seattle.. 2 pm Pier 10
April 2O. ' A
Mandalay. . Coquille River 10 am Pier 2
Phoenix Mendocino City . .,. . 12 m Pier 13
Argo Ferndale & Eel Rlv 12 m Pier 2
Bpokane... San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Coos Bay.. San Pedro &Wfty. 9 am|Pier 11
: April 31. i . |
TJmatllla. . . Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Rival...... Willapa Harbor .... 5 pm Pier 2
April -22. %
Lakme | Astoria &'. Portland Pier —
North Fork Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
April 23.
China. • China- & Japan.... 1 pm PMSS
G. Dollar. . . Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
Columbia.. Astoria' & Portland 11 am Pier 24
- ¦ - April 25. . - . ' ' ,-.•¦..
EtrsleK... Golofnln Bay-Teller ...... IPier —
• : ;. April 26.
City Puebla Puget Sound Port* 11 am Pier 0
Santa Ana. Seattle & Tacoma.. 5 pm|Pier 8
Steamer.
From.
I .Due.
Wasbtenaw. . Tacoma Apr. 16
Coos Bay.... San Pedro & Way Ports. Apr. IT
IJrr.etlll*.... Pujjet Sound Ports. :... Apr. 17
Spokane San Diego & Way .Ports Apr. 17
Point Arena. . Point Arena . . Apr. 17
Eureka Humholdt ' Apr. 17
Xlardalay... Coqullle River Apr. 17
Artec Tacoma '..'.. Apr. 17
Kraplrc Coos Bay ..•. Apr. 17
Phcenix Mendoeino City ....'.... Apr. 17
Areata Coos'Bay '..Apr. 17
Mackinaw. . . Tacoma Apr. 18
San Pedro. . . Humboldt Apr. 18
Argo..; Eel River Ports..;.... Apr. 18
Chas. Nelson. San Pedro Apr. 18
Rival.,.,.:.. Willapa Harbor ........ Apr. 18
North Fork. . Humboldt . .;. . .,,... . . . . .lApr.' 19
Lakme Portland & Astoria.V..'Apr. 10
Chehalla..... Grays Harbor .:...-;•.;..< Apr." 19
Pomona Humboldt ......;¦. .*.'. . . .J Apr. 20
G. Dollar (Grays Harbor ..'-. Apr.- 20
Columbia Portland & Astoria .... Apr. 20
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Pts.. Apr. 21
SiintaCrus.. Newport & Way Ports.. Apr. 21
Sonoma...... Sydney .& Way Ports... Apr. 21
Edith Seattle , lApr. 21
Pleiades Seattle lApr. 21
San- Juan.... Panama fc.Way Ports.. Apr. 22
Doric China & Japan ., Apr. 22
City of Puebl Puget. Sound Ports Apr.' 22
Santa Ana . . . Seattle & Taconia .:.,... Apr. 22
Argyll New York via Panama. Apr. 24
Q. W. Elder., Portland' & Astoria (Apr. 25
Australia Tahiti lApr. 28
Steamer.
Destination
|Sails.| Pier.
April 10. I j .'
Coronado.. Grays Harbor | 5 pmlPler 2
G.C.Lind'er Grays Harbor j.B .pm)P!er,'8
Newburg.. Grays Harbor I 5 pmlPier 2
8. Mcnlca. . Humboldt I 4 pmlPier 2
Santa Cruz. Newport & Way Pts| 0 am|Pler 11
Queen..... Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
Rainier Seattle A N. What. 5 pm Pier 2
April 17.
Arctic... Humboldt 4 pm Pier 2
Alliance... Portland & Way Its 5 pm Pier 16
State Cal.. San Diego & Way.: 0 am Pier 11
Pomona. . : Humbdldt '. . 1 :30 p Pier 9
J.S.K.imb'11 Seattle A'Tacoma.. 10 am Pier 2
April 18.
Empire.... Coos Bay .:....... 10 am Pier 13
G. Elder... Astoria & Portland.|ll am Pier 24
Acapulco... Panama & Way Pts 12 \ m PMS3
April 10. I -
Arcata..... Coos Bay & Pt Orfd]12 m Pier 13
Kun-na.... Humboldt ..; 112 m Pier 13
Pt;- Arena.. Point Arena ...... .| 2 pm Pier 2
Alameda... Honolulu 2 pm Pier . 7
Portland... Nome via Seattle.. 2 pm Pier 10
April 2O. ' A
Mandalay. . Coquille River 10 am Pier 2
Phoenix Mendocino City . .,. . 12 m Pier 13
Argo Ferndale & Eel Rlv 12 m Pier 2
Bpokane... San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Coos Bay.. San Pedro &Wfty. 9 am|Pier 11
: April 31. i . |
TJmatllla. . . Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Rival...... Willapa Harbor .... 5 pm Pier 2
April -22. %
Lakme | Astoria &'. Portland Pier —
North Fork Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
April 23.
China. • China- & Japan.... 1 pm PMSS
G. Dollar. . . Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
Columbia.. Astoria' & Portland 11 am Pier 24
- ¦ - April 25. . - . ' ' ,-.•¦..
EtrsleK... Golofnln Bay-Teller ...... IPier —
• : ;. April 26.
City Puebla Puget Sound Port* 11 am Pier 0
Santa Ana. Seattle & Tacoma.. 5 pm|Pier 8
O Time " Time Time . Time -
a Ft Ft. Ft. Ft.
» L W HW LWHW .
16 0:17 2.9 6:04 4.5 12:42 0.6 7:«1. BjO
17 1:23 2.5 7:22 4.6 1:38 0.8 8:81 03
18 2:20 1.9 8:31 4.7 2:33 1.1 9:13 6 5
19 3:10 1.4 9:32 .4.8 S:16 1.3 9:61 , SB
20 3:57 1.0 10:27 4.9 3:66 1.6 10:27 63
21 4:39 0.7 11:18 4.9 4:34 1.9 11:01 55
22 6:16 0.5 12:05 4.7 5:10 2.2 11:34 64
23 5:55 0.2jl2:52 4.6 6:44 2.5 . . :?.
BAILWAY TRAVEL.
The children are sick— send for grandma! Who is there like her
for wisdom and gentleness arid sympathy, since 'ttfe first baby came?
What would we have done without her?
__*." ¦ _. "Cascarcts are splendid, my old motner praises tnem Tery
J^^ ' highly, and «»ts she would never be without them."
-' '-y;i'~~Sw -^^ — Howard \7. Wellman, 139 Tremont Street, Fairraount, Ohio.
¦ . V% "I suffered seven years with tape-worm but didn't know
• rs*-T ¦>. .. \\\ 1\ I had one. Two months ago I wss taken with inflammation of
i.' ¦'-/';. ; * Br Yv^l— : W.>i\ 1 the bowels, sour stomach, sick headache. I tried Ca»caret»
V V*^te^? and had not taken them a week before I waa relieved of •>
I N^. l jfS. .» A . tape-worm 13 feet long. I am very much better.'
1^ #~-s'^^^^Xr'^iy —ilrs. John Stone, I*ut-In-Bay Island, Ohio.
*CW i§f-**«« *^^T* Ma "After takins Cascarets for a fe-w nichts before -writin?.
#?^ "^ V^St Xm I was able to pass a tape-worm 21 feet in length. Cascarets
I / r>-_^!r B^sll havo our praise, and I will willingly furnish a testimonial
X-jflr^jSyM tjVS$y *° anT0n8 w^° desires it."— Mrs. Harry Wood, Kenneth, Ind.
\gw»f-/<y // >jp*T "I was troubled for a Ion? tira» with liver complaint and
Wir** fSJ AA was in such misery that I had to give up work. I took but
1 j»S /&2sS9ri±^ fourdosesof Casearets before I was able to go to work again. "
V*^^j5?*pmSfflB$b> —ilrs. Joa. Kresling, VOX Congress St., St. Louis.
"^¦ r CjK^aS^Br*SSP^^. - "A year ago I was a ereat sufferer from piles and
y"-w ' WtC$S$&il%r'&&^T^^>^_ eonld ees no rest day or night. I took Cascareta
•^sJ^v ]^mrS\fc^ ' ' * n^ *rter three days waa very much better. I can
. « / J^ i . ' never thank you enough for the relief. Cascareta
- f-.- ¦»-^\ \^^ (^"*5«S^-* (/ *'* —^*. — Mrs". Mary E. Stewart. Fleasonton, Icwa.
A— V>»^3 V ?7%^nf*r~' "I had »nffered with sick headache for many
I \T Ky* V^ppuwMii^, fA years, and with indigestion and constipation from
I ?ffu' ¦' ri < *n {j m9 to n m9m since using Cascarets I am free froia
>^^J^ . v *y_^ _- .: (*g», these ailments and recommend Cascarets to all
*^^ s= * • . V-gT^ I 'A sufferers."— Mrs. Delia Krrns. professional nors*.
T^K^ * .' 228 "West 36th Street, New York.
The wisdom of years of •¦experience with her own health, and
grandpa's and the children's, and the children's children has taught
grandma what is good for her and the several, generations of family
she has looked rafter. Grandma of today knows and advises that
Cascarets Candy Cathartic. are the only perfect family medicine for
all bowel troubles, children's diseases, diseases of the stomach and
liver, sick headaches, biliousness and bad blood.
/{S'rv/iy-kT* rttfrx. Best for the Bowels.' All druggists, xoc, 25c, 50c. Never sold In balk.
f \1LUI\ A \)\ Al M Wf Genuine tablet stamped C C C. Guaranteed to cure or your money
wywwnm^ back> Sample and booklet free. Address 529
MiLii'jj'tyj^iniiii Sterling Remedy Co., Chicago or New York. ;
Gobd Old Grandma's Advice
CILIf OfiNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEES
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORH PAC1F13
:.'-¦. RAILiAVAY. COMPASV.
Tlbnron Ferry, Foot of Market St.
SAX FRAXCISCO TO SAX RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 0:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:35.
3:30. 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra
trip at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trips
at 1 :50 and 11 :30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00, 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:30,
5:00, 6:20 p. m. •
. SAX RAFAEL. TO SAX FRAXCISCO. .
WEEK DAYS— 6:10, 7:60. 9:20, 11:10 a. m.;
12:45, 3:40. 5:15 p.' m. Saturdays — Extra
trips at 1:55 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10, 0:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:10,
5:05, 6:25 p. m.
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. |Apr. 28, 1901 [ San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I ~~~ I Sun- I Week '
¦Day. I days. [ Destination | days. | Days.
. 7:30am 8:00am Novato. |10 :40am) 8:40am
3:30pm 9:30am Petaluma, tt:05pm|10:2r>am
5:10pm 5:00pm Santa Rosa. [7 :35pm| 6:20pmi
Fulton,
7:30am Windsor, '- 10:25am
5:00pm Healdsburgr, 10:40am
Lytton, .
Geyservllle, '
3:30pm 8:00am1, Cloverdale, 7:35pm 6:20pm
7:30am 5:00pm * Hopland 10:40am 10:25am
3:30pm 8:00am and Uklah. 7:35pm 6:20pm.
~7 :30am ¦ " 10 :40am 1 10 :25am
8:00am OyerncvUle. 7:35pm
3:30pm 5:00pm ¦ [6 :20pm
7:30am 8:00am Sonoma | U:15am 8:40am
. and | .'
5:10pm 5 :00pm I Glen Ellen. | 6:05pm 6:20pmi
" 7 :30am| 8 :C0am| ~ "\ (10 :40am|10~:25am
3:30pm| 5:00pm| Sebastopol. | 7:35pm| 6:20pm
Stages eonnect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altrurla; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Geyserville for Skagga Springs: at Cloverdale
for the; Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland . Springs, ¦Kelseyvllle, ; Carls-
bad Springs, Soda' Bay,' Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, . Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Springs, Upper Lake, Pomo, . Potter Valley,
John Day's. Riverside, Lierley's, Bucknell's,
Sanhedrin Heights. Hullville, Orr's Hot Springs,
Mendocino City.- Fort Bragg. Westport, Usai,
Willits, • Laytonvllle. Cummins. Ball's Springs.
Harris, Olsen' s. Dyer,- Scotia and Eureka..
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates. - . .'. .
,') On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates. - -
¦ Ticket office, C50 Market street. Chronicle
building. ¦ , .
H. C. WHITING, . R. X. RYAN.
; - . Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
CHICAGO
IN LESS THAN
3 DAYS
From
San Francisco at 10 a. m.
CHICAGO, UNION PACIFY
& NORTHWESTERN LINE '
Double Drawing-room Sleeping-cars,
Birftet, Smoking and Library Cars,
with barber. Dining-cars— meals a la
carte. .Dally Tourist Car Service at S
p.m., and personally conducted excur-
sions every Wednesday and Friday at
8 a. m. from San Francisco. The best
of everything. ' : .
R. R. RITCHIE
617 MARKET ST. G«n. Ag»nt Picific Cowt x
'". Palace Hotel -¦ . San Franclsc 0
>IOUNT TAMALPAI5 RAILWAY
™ Leave Via Sausalito Ferry -. -Arrive ¦"•
San Fran. Foot of Market St. San Franl [
We"ek Sun- n ; M , — Sun- Week [•
_Days. days. ; , days, frays, i
•_ . Fu-.S-.Tno^U-ob- Summit iadlUhi™. 11.00. :
CoketOfflcM, ta HiWKilum ad lUU&liCO 7ZJUIZ.
ADVESTISEMENTS.
WHY?
. Because it will positively cure it, with .
more safety than f any -other remedy
known to the medical profession.
Be "JGartefui, '
however, that you get Hunyadi Janos,
as many concoctions aro imt tip ana
! : represented to - be Hunyadi Water,
¦which are nofc only, valueless, but are
¦ often harmful. ¦ - : \
Your Physician Will Recommend
I- , Look at the Label. It is Blue* I
r .". . ¦" : : with red center. : I
': J * _.: BAILWAY j TBAYELJ
Santa Fe
JF p a i n s— ba n y . : • : . ; -
Leave Market-street ¦ Ferry Depot.
T~, r ~ -I Local I Lim'd (Ovrl'd Local
Daily pally; .Dally Dally i
Lv. San Fran • 7:20 a .9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton, 10:18 a 11 :45i 11 :l0 p 7 :18 u
" Merced.. 12:25 pi :1» l:S0 a 8:11 p
", Fresno.* 2:05 p i2:35 p *3:15 a 10;50 p
"Hanford. 3:12 p 3:2Tp ,8:06 a ...."...
. '•.', -Vlsalia.. .1:o0 p.. ;-.r.. -6:00 a .......
". Bakersfld 6:15 p 5:20 p :7:45 a
*'•;¦ Kan. City ....... 2:40b 1:30a
¦">~Chlcago ...: 2:lSp 8:00 p .......',
\ a for morning. ¦ p for afternoon. ¦
. 3:00 a. m. train is the California Llm-
; ited,- carrying Palace Sleeping . Cars ¦ and
'Dining Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car
rui's to Bakersfleld - for: accommodation of
local " first-class passengers. ¦ No ] second-
class tickets are. honored .on this train. Cor-
respondinB train arrives at 7:05 a. m. daily.
4:20 p. m. Is Stockton,, Merced and Fresno
• local,.: Corresponding train arrives at 12:30
p. : .m. ,'daily.' » •" : r' " i *'-i; k
S p. • m. is the Overland Express, 1 with
" through Palace and, Tourist- Sleepers and
"Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper,*-.which cuts' out'at Fresno.
Corresponding- train.- arrives at .6:00 p. m. '
daily.. v-.--.ru'*- v= - : >¦¦ .- -• '•¦ ;
i. ¦¦ 7:20 a. m. is Bakersfleld Local,' stopping
¦ .at . all'-points- in' San | Joaquin Valley. i Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally, 1
. -Offices — 641- Market street and in .Ferry.
¦Depot. 'San Francisco; -1112 Broadway,'
Oakland. :'-'••-. - i; . ¦•""¦¦ ' . .
Pennsylvania
iiines.d**. •¦ ¦
ON TICKETS TONEW VOHK
¦ ::; ¦¦-} AND PHILADELPHIA" :
10 Days' Stop=Ov^r
at Washington
May Be Enjoyed at no Increase In Fare. .'
' in Addition -to' Abova 10 Days* v .
Stop^-Oyer at'-; Philadelphia Is Also .Allowed.
-.' :.'.' (;¦'" E. M. : ' POMEROT.^Actlngr Agent.'.
" " >30 MONTGOMERT ST.'v'
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Trains leave and are due to arrive at
S»AN 1KANC1SCO.
(Main Line. Foot of Market Street.)
UUTx — Fkom March 80. 1902. — AMti-ra"
7-00-t Benlcla, Sulsun, Klmira and Sacrv
caento ..• ,. ... ....... 655*
7.00a VscarlUe, Winters, Ramsey 7^S»
I 7.30a Martinez. San Ramon. Vallejo,
Naps. Callstoga. Santa Rosa 6-25*
800a Darts, Woodland, Entfchts Landing,
Maryivllle, Oroville 7.55*
8- 00a Atlantic Express— Ogden and East. . 8.25a
8.00a Nlles, Lathrop, Stockton 7.25*
8.00a Nlles. Mendota. Banford. Viaalla.
Portervllle 4.66V
8 30a Shasta Express— Davis. Williams
(for Bartlett Springs), Willows,
Red Bluff, Portland 7.65*
8-3CU San June, Llvermore, Stockton,
lone, Sacramento, Placervllle,
Marr»Tllle, Chlco, Red Bluff 4-25»
830a Oakdale,Chlnese,Sonors,Tuolumna 4.25*
8.00a Vallejo» 12-25»
9-OOa Los Angeles Express — Martinez,
Tracy, Lathrop.S tockton.Merced,
Fresno and Los Angeles 8-25a
9.30a Vallejo. Martinez and Way Stations 7.55*
fiO.OOA Hayward, Nlles and Way Stations. t12-65*
1000a The Overland Limited — Ogden,
Denver. Omaha, Chicago......... 525*
ti.OOP Sacramento River Steamers...}.. ..tii.007
3-00* Benlcla, Winters, Sacramento,
Woodland, Knights Landing, ' - •
Marysvllle, Oro>llle 10.55a
S-30* Haywani, Nlles and Way Stations.. 7.55*
4 00p Martlnez.San Ramon. ValleJo.Napa.
Calistoga, Santa Rosa. „ 9-25a
4.00* Nlles, Llvermore, Stockton, Lodl.. 12.25*
4.30p Hayward.Klles.SanJose.Livennore t8-&SA
430p The Owl Limited— Fresno, Tulare.
BakersQeld, Sangus for Santa
Barbara, Los Angeles 8.55a
•600p PortCosta,Tracy,Lathrop,Stocktoa 10.25a
6-00* Martinez, Antloch, Stockton, Mer-
• ced, Fresno 12.25*
t5.30* Nlles Local 725a
6-00* Hayward, Ntlcs and San Jose. 7.55a
tS.OO* Vallelo 11.25a
6-00* Oriental Mall — Ogden, Denver,
Omaba, St. Louis, Chicago 4-25*
7.00p Sao Pablo. Port Costa, Martinez
and Way Stations 11.25a
J7-00* Vallejo 7-65*
8.05p Oregon & California Express — Sac-
ramento, Marygvlllc. Redding,
Portland, Pugct Sound and East. 8 53 a
t9.10* Hayward and X ties til 65a
COAST LINE Oarrow «an S e).
m (Foot of M.irket Street.)
8-1 5a Newark, Ceattrrvllle. Ban Jose,
Felton, BouUer Creek, Santa.
' Cruz and Way Stations........... 5.50*
t2.16* Kewark. Centerville, Saa Jose.
Kew Almaden. Feltcn, Boulder
Creek. Santa Cruz and Principal
Way Stations 10.50a
4.15* Xcwark, San Josp, Lcs Gatos 18.50a
a9.30f Hunters' Triln— San Jose and Way
¦ . Stations t7-2Qp
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAN FK AX CISCO, Foot of Market St. (Slip 8>
— 17:13 9:00 11:00 a.m. 1.00 300 5.15 p.m.
From OAKLAND, Foot of Broadway— t6:C0 i3:»
t8:05 10:00 a.m. 12 00 2.00 4 JO P.M.
COAST LINE (Broad ean^ej.
(Third ana Tuwnsend Streets.) .
6.10a San Jose and V.«y Stations 6.40a
7 00a San Jose and Way Stations +8C0a
7.00a Kew Almtden /4.10*
8-OOa Const Line Limited — San Jose,
' Gllroy, Salinas, San Luis ObUpo.
. Santa Barbara. Los Angeles and
Principal Intermediate Stations. 10.457
8-COa San Jose, Tres Pines, Santa Cruz,
Pacific Grove. Salinas. San Luis i .
Oblsipo and Principal IntermeC-
ate Citations 4.10*
- 10.30a San Jose and Way Stations 8.38a
11.30a San Jose and Way Stations 9.46a "
1245* San Matco, Redwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto, Santa Clara, Snn Jose,
Tres Plnos, Santa Cruz, Sallnns,
X>el Monte, Monterey and Pacific
Grove 110.45a
i 3.30* San Jose and Way Stations 1.30*
t4.15* San Jose and PrlnctpalWayStatlons 5.30*
4.60* SunsesLlmitod— Monday. April 7th.
I4th. 'itst, for Los Augclea. El
, Paso,NewOrleansandNewYoric.
Last train leaves New Orleans
April 14th.. 1015a
t5-00* San Jose, Los Gatos and Principal
Way Stations t9.00A
5-30* SanJov )ndPr!r.clpalWayStatloni 6.30*
6.30P Snn Josu and Way Stations 7.30*
7. 00p New Orleans Express— San Lnis
?.' t , r Obtspo, Santa Barbara, Los An-
geles, Deming. El Paso, Kew
Orleans and East .".... 11.39a
•11^t5* San Joae and Way Stations 7.30*
A for Morning. P for Afternoon,
t Sunday excepted. t Sunday only.
_* Saturday only. ' /Tuesdays and Fridays. m
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via. Sansallto Kerry,
>•-. Ccmmenclns; September 2l». iUOl.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL, VAT.T.rey
• AND SAN RAFAEL.. ,
WEEK DAYS— «:55. 8:30, •0:30. 11:00 a. m..
•1:45, 3:15. 4:15. 5:15. •o:13, «:45 p.m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael en Mondays, Wednesdays ana Saturdays
at 0:30 and 11:40 cm. '
SUNDAYS— »S:CO. 9:00, n0:00. »ll:20 a. m..
•1:15. 3:15, *4:45, «:30. 9:30 p. m.
Tri;in3 marked (•) run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS — »5:23. 6.27. 7:45. 8:35, 10:15
a. m., »12:25. 2:15. •3:33. 4:40. 5:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 9:55 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:15, *S:00, *10:00. »11:45 a. m.,
,•1:40, 'SrlS. 4:45, '6:30 p. m.
¦ Trains marked (•) start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL, VALX.EY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
I WEEK DAYS— 5:45. B:45. 7:55, 8:35. 10:30
a. m.. 12:35. 2:45. 8:50. 5:10 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
ana Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m.
SUNDAYSt-S:05, 10:05 > a. in., 12:05, 2:13,
3:30, 5:00. 6:43 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
' 6:55 a. m. week days — Cazadero and way
stations.
1:45 p. m. Saturdays — Duncan Mills and way
stations. '
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Duncan Mills and way
stations. • s,
Fairfax. Sundays— S:00, 0:00, 10:00, 11:30
a.m.
¦ Legal Holiday boats and trains) will run on
Sunday time. ¦ ¦ . ' . - .
FOUOW
And Travel via the
They have the finest tourist car service from
Chicago, to Boston and New York points.
ROSS C CXJNE. P. C. P. Agt., Los An-
geles. CaL,
C. S. CRANE. G. P. Agt. St. Louis. Mo.
/***%. Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
A%-«m 612 J) KEAB.VT ST. Established
I f&FJf^iifc* 1 " 1S34 for the treatment of Private
I* HL2JL<s£a Diseases. I^xit Mannood. Dtfbility or
! *33]K34S5afIi5iPasf wearlngron body and mind and
2$J3S*tf*; : 3^ kin Diseases. The Doctorcures when
others fall. Try him. rharges low.
ui i u i_ii ii i ii nl i i il Call or write.
Dr. J. t\ UIBBOX, »au Francisco, CaL
Weekly Call a $1.00 per Tear
for Ail.
CURES WEAK MEN FREE.
Insures Love and , > Happy;. Home
' How any man may quickly cure himself after
years of - suffering '.' from sexual wedkness. lost
•vitality, night losses, .varlcoccle, etc., and'en-
largo small, weak organs to full size and vigor.'
Simply send. -your name and < address ' to : Dr.
Knapp Medical Co., 1373 Hull building, Detroit
Mich., and ; they . will - gladly . send ¦ the free', re-
ceipt , with full directions so ¦ any . man ; may
e&«lly cure himself aC home. : This Is certainly
a most generous , offer,' and the .'following ex-
tracts taken* from their/dally^mail, ;'shbw what'
m«i thlnk'of their generosity: • , ; • . . ¦ ;• - ;
"Dear Sirs:.. Please accept my.slncere thank«
for yours of recent 'date. ..-, I have given your
treatment a thorough test and the benefit has
been extraordinary. r- . It 'has; completely braced
me. up.il um Just as .vigorous as .when a 'boy
and you- cannot, reallaej how, happy . I: am.'" • ::-y
¦ -:':D€ar' Sirs: 'Your,' method wqrked-' beauti-
fully. Results ¦' were . exactly, what • I needed
Strength . and .vigor- have • completely ( returned
and enlargement Is entirely satisfactory." ' •'• "•
"Dcar.'Sln»:f;Yoursi.was;recplved ; .and' Ihad
no : trouble In making use \ of; the receipt' as 'di-
rected, and can • truthfully say It ; is a boon to
wenk men. -I am greatly improved' In size
strength i and', vigor.", ¦ . - - ¦ ' : r-\ -.
-TVAU correspondence.. Is ; strictly ¦':. confidential.'
mailed -In' plain.. -sealed, envelope.!' The -receipt
's free for the asking and they want every; man
to have it. .VI'MBSffiBSt' !'• '• ''¦' ' ¦ -
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
RAILWAY TBAVEL.
jx - JL jblp uxCJlOSS
the Continent
with one of the Burlington
Overland Excursions is a
veritable holiday on wheels.
The cars are comfortable; '.
the route, interesting; the
people, pleasant; the ex-
cursion manager, accommo-
dating, and the porters*
obliging.
' Don't worry. "You'll en-
joy your trip— every min-
ute of it. t v.
From San Francisco three
times a week — Omaha. Chi-
cago, Kansas City, St. Louis.' .
and everywhere beyond. ¦
Glad to give you more in-
! * formation. Call or write.
I ~| W. D. SANBORN,
jpct*iat^| Ceneral Aqant.
P^fra^f 631 Market St.,
Ife^miivggl San Francisco,
- *. . ga '- California. .-' night "the members met , at " 11 ;o' clock
;^and j immediately ' adjournedt in order; that
they* arid -tfiose' who .arrived late, .'together
,:\with\ a\-; cbinml'ttee "< of -, the ( Chamber | ; of
g Commerce? jmight - ; become the ¦ guests of
:^President;} Farrell' of ; the ¦ Pacific r-- Coast
fiSteamshlp Company ; on board the steanler
yl Spokane: a: number j ; of -^ Eastern
•'•railroads- are: represented Tby their Pacific
¦^CQaStJai|rentS^ : Xir V-;'"*^;.,::-;.; '¦ >-;: .:.}'t'h;
'.y President ;Fa'rrell was assisted in "enter-
the Vrailroad ' men. by; these .; mem
-,'; bers pt the Chamber of Commerce : ,W. J.
.• Freyert; : Waldo S. Waterman, 1 H."; 4 . P.
Wpods'.V John Hetzei; -M.' F. Heller,
% Ferris,^ Julius" Wagenhelm, M. T. Gilmore,
•.' U:' LV. Boorie, Mayor ' Frary, E. : A; - Horn
beck, Louis Mendelson, W. W. Bowers, "J.
• E.. Wadhani, Fred Jackson, Walter Blake,
W. C. -Harla-nd and W.' H. Potterfleld.
.'. After luncheon on board the 1 Spokane the
g party was . taken on a trip ; around '. the
;bay.and;out"ide," returning at 3 o'clock. J
; The regular .: session of the convention
will be held in the banquet-room of Hotel
del Coronado at 10 a. m; to-morrow, and
will continue dally, j There are but few
matters :of great- importance to be con
•'sidered,.and most of the time. will be de
voted to settling those. matters in dispute
• between, the railroad companies which
could l not be satisfactorily arranged by.
¦- - • ' ¦"
¦ When asked if he thought the action of
the Chicago, Rock Island and Pacific road
announcing, its withdrawal from the
Western Passenger Association was like'-'
¦ ly.to bo followed by withdrawal from the
/Transcontinental -Passenger Association,
. Mr. : Charlton said that he had no idea
.that it. would. /Mr. Sebastin, the general
-•passenger agent of the Rock Island, was,
he said, coming to the gathering here and
. would be able to speak for himself. --He
*-had ..'given no -notice of an intention- to
. withdraw from this association, and' the
: president 'did not" think that he would do
, SO. '-¦'-.¦ : .
EL PASO.- Texas. AdHI 15. — A Mexican Cen
tral passenger train was: wrecked by an open
switch at Gomez Palaclo, near -Torreon, yester
day. The fireman: waa. killed and the Pullman
conductor was ' fatally Injured.
L,ouls ¦ Rothchlld, - better .known as
"French' Louie," was .arrested . yesterday
efternoon . on- a - warrant charging him*"
with threats against life. -The complain.,
ing witness is Julia Stone, a youngr woman
living at 315: O'Farrell street. ' She told
Judge Mogan that she had' been living
with Rothchlld. for a short time, and De
cause she had ¦ refused . to live . with . him
any longer he told her Monday night that
he would kill her. •
Threatens Her Life.
Raymond' Yeo - was held to answer be
fore the Superior/Court by Judge Ca
baniss: yesterday on the. charge of rob
bery in $1000 bonds. He and Thomas
O'Brien and George Graham were ac
cused of holding- up John Hansen, cook in
the railroad hospital, at Fourteenth street
and Julian avenue on March 10 and-rob
bing him of $35 and a gold watch . and
chain. The charge against O'Brien and
Graham was dismissed last week by the
Judge, as. there was not .; sufficient evi
dence against them, but Hanson's, gold
watch and- chain- were found on.Yeo when
he was arrested. •• * . '•>.
Held for Robbery.
• Detectives Dlnaii and Wren detained
Charles Gale yesterday •¦ on suspicion of
having been ' one . of Garrett's assailants.
A. W. Louderback, who claims to -have
witnessed the assault, came down to the
City Prison last night to see Gale, and at
once stated that -the arrested man was not
one of those who took part in the assault.
, Chief of Police -Wfttman,- has offered a
reward of $250 for the apprehension of the
men who committed .battery qn Tom.Gar
retf on- Post street Saturday morning.
The Chief's announcement follows:.
Office Chief • of < Police, - San ¦ Francisco, April
15,: 1902. : • ->
¦$250 reward — I hereby offer 7 a 'reward of $250
in United States gold- coin for information that
will lead to • the arrest " and conviction of the
persons who ; assaulted Thomas Garrett - Esq.,
during the forenoon of the 12th' of- this month
on - Post street.* -between Grant- avenue and
Stockton street in this city. . • ¦¦
1 GEORGE W. WITTMAN, Chief of Police.
Capture of Men Who
. . Struck 1 Qarrett. ;r :
Chief "Wittman ••Will Pay $250 for
OFFERS BEWABD FOB.- ?•¦
ARREST 'OF ASSAILANT
Late last- night Chase- and Brady, came
to 'the conclusion that they did not want
to prosecute anybody. .Each. Is the. pos
sessor of a colored.- optic and
sundry marks of the.unlooked for con
flict. . • -; ¦ ¦¦ . ¦ r-
The doctors say the young lady who -so
heartlessly betrayed them, is Miss Alken,
who lives -with* her -parents ; at 1192 Ellis
street. At her: residence last night it was
stated that she. was out of the city. -.Her
relatives acknowledge that the two doc
tors-rhad been_rather.. roughly, handled by
some, friends of Miss Alken. ; .> '
After -a day j of brooding and ' arnica
douches -the - two . doctors* concluded that
such ;an • outrageous.- assault in a public
park should not- go unpunished, so they
told Captain Seymour about it last night.
The head of the detective department: is
about surfeited with these kind of assault
cases, but he promised' to investigate the
matter. _._'.:_;_.. . ' -.,
Dr. George- M. Chase, oculist, and Dr.
George Brady, dentist, who room in the
News building, on Geary street, and have
offices in , the Spring Valley Water Com
pany's building,, at . Stockton . and ; Geary
streets., have "been "telling their, troubles
to the police.* Together vthey, . met and
wooed a ; winsome, maid, and she, prom
ised to- meet- them'by moonlight ; alone.
Shekept her tryst in Union square Mon
day, night; but the: "moonlight alone" con
dition somehow got. lost in the shuffle.;
i | Instead of tripping eagerly . forward i in
Innocent security. to meet the waiting gal
lants, : she > stationed herself in front of
some shrubbery,. behind which were-.dis
posed abrotherand two male companions
with j knobby J muscles 5 and fists « the • size
of watermelons, i" As the two doctors ad
dressed the v- young lady: the" ambushing
force;made>its;presence known, and'there
were strenuous - r doings 1 or the ¦ tw&> doc
tors. -Dr.vChase thinks" hei was hit- a mil
lion 5 times,- and rafter: that' he lost count,:
while Dr.~Brady, Is confident that he- was
the victim- of a'mob.: The • mashers;' 1 did:
not tarry > to? apologize ¦- to the young; lady
for their /hasty, departure, but- with
drew hurriedly. The few . favored spec
tators are positive that the first hundred
yards was made 'in better than record
time. •¦:¦• • .- :. -..; - / ...¦.' ¦ . -
. . .• .. .- _.. ; . _ • .- — — ,. . ; . ..
Maiden -Is Willing to - Meet
Mashers, but Brings Her
¦Friends^ Along.
Two : Gallants .Decoyed
Id to Hands of}
K^>'" :: Bnemyv:; ;-:•_.¦;
LEADS DOCTORS
INTO TROUBLE
COMMERCIAL MEN OF SAN DIEGO
ENTERTAIN RAILROAD OFFICIALS
, . • . ...„___ ... _: ...__^_ __'_...; ., - ¦ ___._ ¦ ._ . . _..
Prommerit Passenger fo
THeir Important Anntial^^ -> jv- : r
VAINLY PLEADS
TO BE FORGIVEN
Kate Mclntyre Creates a
Dramatic Scene in
Police Court.
Becomes Hysterical "When
Her Father Refuses to
Pardon Her.
All the details of the cowardly attack
upon James Mclntyre at his residence,
801A Bryant street, on the morning of
March 27 last were given in. Judge Mo
grin's court yesterday during the prelim
inary examination of Joseph Millian and
Charles Buchanan, who are charged with
burglary.
Mclntyre's daughter, Kate, who had
been living with Miliian in the Bruns
wick House, created a. scene when she
entered the courtroom. She came from
the City Prison, escorted by Policeman
Fontana. and looked around her in a de
fiant iranner until she saw. her father sit
ting in a front seat with his head in
bandages. She ran toward him scream
ing, and threw her arms around his neck,"
..sobbing hysterically. She asked him to
forgive her. but he turned away his head ,
and pushed her gently from him. One of
her brothers then tried to drag her away,
but iShe struggled fiercely with him until
the bailiffs came to his assistance, and
by order of the Judge she was led to
the Judge's chambers. After she had gone
the father burst into tears.
Boldly Defies the Judge.
The girl made another scene when she
was called to the witness stand. As she
passed Millian she said in a loud voice.
"1*11 stick to you, Joe." When she was
asked as to how long she had known
Millian, she looked toward him and said,
"It> about fifteen months, isn't it, Joe?"'
The Judge cautioned her not to address
.herself to Millian, and she retorted de
fiantly. "I dare you to stop me from
sneaking to him." Judge Mogan replied
that he would order her into custody -for
contempt, and she retorted, "I don't care
what you do. I'll speak to him when- 1
Ukc." Judge Mogan made the order of
contempt. overlooKing the fact that sue
was already in custody.
The girl brazenly admitted that she had
for months been talking with Millian
ar.d Buchanan about getting her father's
money, which he kept in a box in his
bedroom. On the night before the bur
glary. Millian and Buchanan made a
slugshot, but ehe got them to promise
that there would be no violence. Buch
anan had a revolver and she identified
the one found in Mlllian's room at the
Brunswick House as Buchanan's prop
erty.
Mclntyre TeUs of the Crime.
Uclntyre graphically detailed the - at
tempt upon his life, and the struggle
he had with Buchanan, whom he posi
tively identified. He said he was struck
on the back of the head while he was
facing Buchanan and knocked to the
floor. He did not see his assailant. The
struggle commenced in the kitchen a«d
was continued into his bedroom, where
he kept a box with r.toout $500 in it. Buch
anan held a revolver to his face and told
him to throw up his bands. He said he
thought at first that Buchanan was fool-
Ing with him. but when a demand was
made for his money he began to realize
that Buchr.nan meant business. The club
wielder continued to beat him. till he be
came unconscious.
Mrs. Frankle Goodman, a waitress, who
lives in the Brunswick House, was an
important witness. She testified that she
knew Millian and Buchanan, arid that on
the night of March 28 she saw Millian sew
ing up something like a slungshot. Kate
Mclntyre told her about the burglary the
next day. She said she was present when
Millian and Kate Mclntyre were discuss
ing the attack upon the girl's father,
and Millian remarked, "I did it for you,
Kate, and will probably get the rope for
It." Kate replied, "If there Is a rope for
you. Joe, there will be a rope for me
too." ¦ •
Mrs. C. Isele, who lives In the flat above
the Mclntvres. testified, to hearing a
noise in the Mclntyre flat and saw two
men running away. Although she would
not positively identify the defendants,
£he said she believed they were the men.
Her daughter. Marie Eorer. positively
identified Millian as the man she, saw
jump over a fence Into Hate street. Mrs.
Mary Owens and Chris Bantel, a boy,
living next door to the Mclntyre resi
dence, positively Identified Millian as toe
man who jumped over the fence. • - !
E>rs. G. Dyer and W. C. Hopper testi
fied relative to Mclntyre's injuries. The
hearing of the charge of assault ot mur
der will take place to-day.
THE SAN FK^CISCO 1(5, 1902.
Judgment for Hale Bros.
! The case of. Hale, Bros;, against Milliken
! Bros., steel: manufacturers. o f New^"-York,
for damages for r breach .'of contract was
given to the Jury-In Judge Lawlor's court
i yesterday afternoon,- and In less than two
hours a verdict forthe pjalptiffs' was re-
I turned, but not for the full; amount asked
John Barrett; Commissioner. General of
the Ivouisiana: Piirchas.e .. Exposition ito
Asia,. Australia and-, the Philippines,: will
deliver an address to commercial; men on
"The relation of the . Louisiana Purchase
Exposition to the development 1 of the Pa
cific Coast and Its ' commferce • and trade
with trans-Pacific "'¦ countries,'.', at' ;.the
rooms of .. the Chamber of . Commerce on
Monday, April 21. at , 2 .o'clock ' p. : m. \, ,
To Address . ; Men.
Special attention was called to -the Work
being done by William !.N.. ; J3unker,, the
Chamber of : Commerce representative at
Washington, D.C. ,--.:..•
A letter.troma prominent merchant of
Shanghai, stating that 'the: British ofli
clals in China 'Were endeavoring to -have
the Government enact tariff laws very un
favorable to the commercial* men ¦ of • this
country, was read, and. by unanimous vote
forwarded to President Roosevelt, with
the request that he give the matter due
consideration. The work of General Shar
retts, Tariff .Commissioner to China,- was
highly commended." • ¦ ,.' ' .-/ ¦ -¦• : . \
The. firm. of Castle Bros, sent a commu
nication to the chamber -recommending
the extension of the consular service in
the Orient/and suggestirg that a- national
commercial association be .formed',' which
should have for* its- aim- the collection and
dissemination of Information of value to
the great, mercantile 1^ interests -of the
country. -;. '.. .. ¦• '-,:¦¦.' '•-
The regular,. quarterly; meeting of -'the
Chamber of Commerce. was held yesterday 1
afternoon. "After the. transaction [of , rou
tine business and the reading of' the usual
quarterly reports, the matter of the pro
posed. Chinese .tariff was brought up for
discussion. ¦. . i '¦ ;•' •"••••.. . • ..-;.
eign Trade -Are , Presentejl to
Chamher of ; Commerce. I "
Communications ill Reference to For-
PBOPOSED' TABIPF.FbB ' '
CHINA MS
¦ Beklna Van "&^Stb'raKe Co»U'calls,.for house
hold "goods/ pack anjt' tehlp.'c. 630 Market at. '.. + "'-
COLUMBIA- MINSTRELS;,— The regular 1
monthly entertainment, and dance of ' the-Co
lumbia Minstrel 'Company wllj.take- place. Fil-.
.day eveninjc, at Od^ > Fellows' Hall.' -. Great)
pal ns ' ha ve .Ireen' taken ' In the preparation of the .
proerarhmo. and.. this" show '\bld»; fair.' to' be one
of ; the ¦ best' ever ' giyeri by; the ' company.' . ' - . ¦
Business • Is" of.ten transacted "by busi
ness men, at: lunch. 'Cafe Zlnkand. •' ••
.SAYS .DOCTOR-WAS-. CARELESS.— W. 'H.
Gande, a . longshoreman, ; !s suine ¦ Dr.: A. . M.
Morton- for* $10,000 • damages ¦ for /alleged | mal
practice. i-.H« claims -that .the doctor treated
an. injury- to . his <-leg ' carelessly and that in
ccnscquenco he became crippled.;.- - ' •
The case of Maud Van •'.Bur eri/Mabel
Van Buren and John Van Bu'ren, 1 minors, .
by their mother and guardian :ad-:litem,';
Allie Van Buren, and by against
the Mountain' Copper Compkriy,"- Limited,
of Shasta County was placed on trial- be-:
fore a Jury yesterday in the United. States]
Circuit Court. The plaintiffs' ask $30 000 v
damages • for. the death of • . John '.' Van '
Buren, husband of Allie Van Buren and'
father of the children. .The complaint re-[
cites that Van. Buren, who was not' a'
practical miner, engaged hlmsf If -to the
company as.'a- surface worker; that a few
days afterwardrhewas put-'to work under-:
ground as. a' "mucker", in stope No. 4,. and
that on March 1,. ISOO.'a part of the roof ,
of the stope 'cwedt upon Van Buren, kill
ing- him." It-; isftilleged also that the de
fendant corporation was negligent in 'not'
having , the stope r properly, timbered and;
that the death- of^Van- Biiren was'dtie.Lo;
that negligence. The trial will be resumed
this 'morning. )\-£j y, - ; - -¦¦;;-,••• ..•¦•.. .... _
Thirty Thousand Dollars Asked ;I"or
the Accidental Death' of John r ,' :
VanBuren..,.;- J ; "; -
COPPER MINING COMPANY
SUED FOB BIG: DAMAGES^
The plaintiffs claimed- about f 515,000 dam-,
ages because the defendants did not sup-'
ply the steel for theli- : new. building on
Market, street on time.' They were. owing]
Milllken . Bros, t about $7009... balance Corj
steel supplied and the Jury Swiped- out this '
indebtedness and' also gave-Judgment-for
the plaintiffs for $186 5L'^:> .,.,;- : fe . :
OBTAIN CHARTER
FOR NEW UNION
.Suspended^, Carpenters
Reorganize, and Elect
';•';. The. members of. Carpenters* Union No.
22,' "which was recently suspended, met
¦last 'night at the Turk-street Temple for
j.he purpose I of "electing* officers of a new
'union, 'to be known -as Union 10S2/United
Brotherhood of . Carpenters and Joiners of
America. ;• The 1 -"'charter,; which ; was ap
plied for last week, -.was received yester
day,'and last night, the members elected
¦ the; following officers:
President, Frank Crawford; vice presi
dent, E.'. W, Hutchihson ; financial secre
tary, Gilbert. Finley; recording secretary,
R. E. Fluth; treasurer, J.,E. Kelley; con
ductor, :L.;D.Hyle; warden, J." Bohnen
,berger; trustees, ; P., Kerr, Frank Stran
berg, J. J./ Bell; auditors,' H. Meyers,
Nelse '.Wlnstrom,- A.'.Hulsmah; delegates
to District Cbuncil, H. Meyers, L. L.
Edna and -E. E. 1 deRoln. , r . i
,. The new. union, will meet next' Monday
at -Pythian Castle, and every Friday night
thereafter. ' •>,• ,• .., , ' ,'.':¦ .'.:¦¦ . ¦; ;• .
The members of the old union are" given
until "April 28. to affiliate themselves: as
charter members otthe new, organization.
After: that date all those, who Join; will
have to pay an initiation fee of $15. ; ,
¦ The leather-workers employed by Main
& Winchester, L.D. Stone & Co., J. C.
Johnson and Davis & Son are still at outs
with their employers. They say that they
are determined to obtain what they have
demanded, although their ultimatum has
been Ignored. ' \ < ¦• .. -' ¦ . . ¦
Last night, in company of ' Grand Mas
ter Freeman and the other, grand officers
of the jurisdiction of "California, the vis
itors went to Alta Lodge, V in Mangels
Hall, at Twenty-fourth . •;. and Fplsom
streets, where there were, assembled more
than 500 members of' the order to witness
the initiation Into theorder of fMayor E.
E. Schmitz and . five . others. .. The work
was conducted by Grand' Recorder: C./T.
Spencer as master ¦ workman, J District
Deputy Grand Master W. Hansen as fore
man, Grand Receiver S." Booth as over
seer, Past Grand Master fE. Danforth as
past master and Grand . Master Workman
E. A. Freeman as guide. -; "
After the initiation there was an ad
dress by Grand- Master -Freeman, -s-ho
introduced the. supreme master.- He was
greeted with . much applause and ¦ made a
strong, logical speech on Workmanship,
giving the. brothers, excellent advice. He
was followed- by Mayor: Schmitz, who
made a speech which showed that he had
learned the lesson . of charity, hope ; and
protection— in fact,, he made . the best
speech on Workmanship ever made in,- a
lodgeroom by a newly- initiated- member.
He was followed by; Dr. 'Briggs, r W. l H;
Barnes and others. • . • ...•'''
Supreme Master Workman A. C. Har
wick of the Ancient Order of United
Workmen, accompanied by .Dr. Briggs,
who for twenty-two years has been the
grand medical • examiner of the j Jurisdic
tion of New York, ! arrived in this city
yesterday on a tour of inspection of the
lodges in the principal cities of the United
States. They are stopping at the : Occi
dental Hotel. - •- ¦ '. . :.
PROMINENT RAILROAD : MEN. WkO- ARE IN ATTENDANCE .AT THE
ANNUAL CONVENTION OF : THE j PASSENGER "AGENTS, WHICH IS
NOW BEING HELD IN SAN DIEGO.' • k- ' ' "
Ceremony. Is Witnessed
by Supreme Master
Workman.
MAYOR SCHMITZ
JOINS WORKMEN
SAN DIEGO, April 15.— The passen
ger representatives of ;. the ; big
railroads west of Chicago had not
all arrived to attend their annual
convention, which began at Coro
nado this morning,' but by evening nearly
all of them were in town. . • : ' . .
According to a programme ' arranged
Ziouise V etter's Death : Investigated .
Coroner : Leland took ¦ the preliminary
steps yesterday toward "an Investigation
into the -cause {of.; the „ death of „ Louise
Caroline ; Vetter, s an 11-year-old girl, who
resided ...with ''.her.- parents at 1544 Page
street, and ' who • died . last Sunday. Her
death was j certified to . by the attending
physician as -being due to marasmus. The
stomach and contents 'were sent ' to the
city : chemist ', for ¦' analysis." —The •; autopsy
showed" that death -was ¦ due to natural
cauiea. ¦ ' :r?TJklflnBaBl^ME^BaHannBBMfeHH
Further argument in the suit for an
Injunction and $300,000 damages brought
against the Building Trades . Council by
W. A. Cole of the United Brotherhood of
Carpenters V of "America was heard by
Judge Seawell yesterday. ''.. Affidavits made
by members of the Carpenters' -Union, to
which . the . plaintiff . belongs, were read.
Among the affidavits were those of C. H.
Peterson, Robert Glaze, T. Emerson, G.
B. Young and J..H. Munster, all of whom
averred i that they were skilled workmen
and that the Building Trades Council had
interfered with them while working on
buildings because they did not have the
working cards issued by the council.
MECHANICS SAY THEY.
,ABE INTEKFEBEB L WITH
Venable and his . inamorata intend mak
ing another attempt when the sea calms
down. It Is doubtful, however, whether
Lupp . and Tucker will fulfill their part
of the contract, no matter how great the
monetary reward.
When Tucker and Lupp returned to
shore they felt ashamed of the part they
took in the matter. Lupp denied his
Identity, and Tucker refused to talk
until it dawned upon him that • conceal
ment on his part might Incriminate him
still further.
Shortly after the party left the dock
the news of the" attempted wedding
spread along the water front. Indignant
citizens agreed that the. couple should be
given a fitting .welcome ¦ on their return,
and decayed eggs and fruit were* con
tracted for and moved to the dock. "When
storekeepers learned what the stun! was
for they refused . to accept money, and
furnished ammunition... with a lavish
hand. Luckily .'for ¦ Venable • and his
charmer, ¦ they did - not return to the
wharf. Boatman. Tucker and the pseudo
minister assisted them to - land at Har
bor -View- ¦ . , •¦¦-¦..
O'Donnell alluded to the attempt upon
the part of M. L. Venable, a colored man,
to marry Evelyn Taylor, a white wo
man. The attempt : to evade the laws
of the State was frustrated through the
illness of the woman. At the moment
when she was to have said the words
that would bind her to the man of ebony
hue she became seasick. She begged the
boatman to steer for calmer water, and
Frederick Lupp, former second officer of
the ill-fated Walla Walla, lost his fee as
official "splicer." Lupp was to have per
formed , the marriage ceremony : which
was to bind the couple together for life.
At 7:30 o'clock -yesterday, morning : .the
fair Desdnmona and her Othello' visited
the wharf.. They, tried "to secure the ser
vices of various boatmen, but all de
clined to aid them. -M. A. Tucker finally
undertook the contract. He secured the
services of Lupp, > and the bridal couple
departed for the heads in a leaky I gas
oline launch. Besides steering the launch,
Tucker was to act as best man, and Lupp
was to be the "sky pilot."
"Say, on der level, der -wedding of der
Chinee and "der coon was a society event
compared to der attempted nuptials on
der high seas between dat colored guy and
his white trash," said "Bogle" O'Donnell,
captain of the swift' launch Cuckoo, yes
terday. '
Seasickness Prevents a
Contemplated Illegal
Marriage. \
ANGRY NEPTUNE
BAFFLES CUPID
14
THIS WEEK!
1200 iflpfls extra heaYB BlacR Silk Tarfeta, 36 Inches
wide, a good wearing aiialltu, width speclallu suit-
y^ohle for underskirts and ' skirt lining. Regular
Yalue.$l.35nard,;
Reduced to $1.00 Yard
Complete line of imported and Domestic Pongee Silks
In 24, 26, 28, 32 and 34 Inches wide.
Prices 75c to $1.25 Yard
DIMITIES— I
i .250 pieces Genuine Irish Printed Dlmitu. These
come in a great Yarleto of stales and are In Jail the
new colorings, such as Greens, Blues, Lavender,
Pinks and a large assortment of Black and White. ¦
Price 25c Yard
GiNCHAMS-
- 150 pieces imported silk and Linen Ginghams. This
fahrlc comes in plain colors. Stripes and BroGades
are in all the new colorings. Warranted fast colors
and Yeru deslrahle for ladles 1 and children's wear.
2 Price 50c Yard
CLOTHS—
2 cases • Genuine. Amazon Cloths 50 Indies wide, In
the following colors! NaYu's, Reds, Tans, Browns,
Greens and Grans. \
Price $1.00 Yard
Regular Value $1.20 Yard
* MAIL ORDERS promptly and carefully executed and sample*
. / forwarded free to any address.
HI. 113. 115. 117. 119, 12! POST STREET. \
ADVERTISEMENTS.
" Deab; Mrs. Pixkdam : —I suffered
with inflammation of -the ovaries, and
womb for over six years,enduring aches
and pains which none can dream of but
those who have had' the same expe-
Mrs. ¦ Eckis : Stevenson of Salt
Xake City Tells How Opera-
. tions For Ovarian Troubles
May Be Avoided. .
THE SURGEON'S KNIFE
MRS. ECKIS STEVENSON.
¦¦ rience. H rindreds of dollars went to the
; doctor and the. 'druggist." I "was simply
a walking; medicine chest and a phys-
ical.wreck'.- My sister. residing in Ohio
¦wrote' me*- tHat ; she; had ,been cured ' of
.womb -'-.trouble , by usinfr>Xydia ; E.
PinkhamTs ' ; "Vegetable Com-
pound, 'and me to , try it. I
then discontinued : all other, med icines
and gave your Vegetable: Compound a
thorough' ..trial: Within \ four, weeks
nearly air pain had left me ; -I rarely
had headaches, ; r.nd my; nerves were in
a; much r better -condition, and- 1. was
cured in three months', and this avoided
a \ terrible ' surgical ' operation". " — Mrs."
Eckis " Stevensos,' • 250 *• So. .': State ; St. ,'
SaltVLake / City, -Utah."— -*5OOO'/o//e/t //
above testimonial is not genuine. - .: . »;','¦
ni Bemember - every '- , woman is
cordially irivited to write :td Mrs.
Pinkhani , if is anything?
about lier symptoms she does not
understand. < >:'Mrs: : Pinkham's
address ~ is Ijyiin,"; Mass. ,
. Peerless ]
Knabe.
What a world of truth is
I in that phrase!
The grandest musical
I instr4iment the world has
I ever known — perfect, ar-
\ tistic, divine. If you have
never seen a Knabe you
[ have never seen a twen-
tieth century piano — per- .
fected, new and improved
in every way.
If you really wish an in-
l strument that will do
j honor to yourself and to ,
your musical friends, .to
! your home and household,
I by all means choose a
Knabe and be safe. ;* -'.^
Messrs. J. H. Brenner i
I and. B. F. Day of the
I Southern California Music
! Co. of Los Angeles are
now interested in our
! piano department and ask
j that they be .allowed to
explain the merits of the
| Knabe to you.
Great sale of Stockton
i pianos, still continues.
One hundred dollars can
be saved if you buy to-
day.
jSohJara Chase 1
KKABEPrANOS
28OTairel!5t
Ifcar Stockton 3t.-S.FV v
POINT REYES BUTTER 29c.
Direct From Largest Dairy in State.
Regular Size Squares. '
VELVET STARCH, 10c package 5 C .
PINPAPPI F Singapore. 3-lb can in**
rintMrrLC Double regular size; lUC
half regular price. .
v STUFFED 'DATES, package lOc
EABLE yiLK- ;aa if5gnr25a
GOLDEN DATES, package 5c
RdQMCA Breakfast MushT ' ir.
btrtmtA 4-lb package IOC
Cooks in 3 minutes. Usually 20c.
KIPPERED HERRING, 25c can 20c«
BAKED BEANS, 10c i
Every bean perfect. Usually 15c '
SUGAR WAFERS, 7 flavors. 30c. "
PRUNES BrIsht - clean -^pTuna, 25c
Healthy as prunes at 15c a pound.
MESSINA BARS, 20c pound. 15c. '
WINE, gallon 45c
Vintage of 1S96. We invite you to sampl*.
A. B. C. BEER, quarts $2.10-
PUREWH!SKEY Kentuck o^$2.25
Mellow— stimulating:. Usually $3.
CRESCENT Rye Whiskey. $1.25 bot. 85c.
COFFEE stral8rht Costa 20c
Fresh roasted. Full strength. Usually 25c.
ROCK AND RYE, 90o bottle 63c»
BUTTER! BUTTER! BUTTER!
Every Saturday night . from « to 11
o'clock at both stores. All brands best
butter. Price from 10c to 15c lower per
square.
Special Prices to Hotels, Stores, Resorts,!
;• etc. We Ship Groceries Everywhere.
119 TAYLOR STREET.
PHONE HOWARD 102L
5 BafA YS H^ i 1 W Jnk 1H
McAllister and fillmore sts..
PHONE PAGE 5456.
* V
I Genuine solid Oak Chair, brae*
arms and cane seat; only 3 to
each buyer;. each 73c. We sup-
, Ply everything: to completely fur-
• R!sh your house for cash or pay-
ments to suit your convenience.
T. BRILLIANT
> FURNITURE CO.;
338-342 POST ST/IEET, J
Opposite Union Square.'.:
ADVERTISEMENTS.