Ceremonies Precede
the Unveiling of
Monument
BIG GUNS ROAR A WELCOME
UPON ARRIVAL OF THE FRENCH
REPUBLICS REPRESENTATIVES
Continued on Page Three.
, Supplies are here in plenty for the
present, but great suffering has been
caused by the lack of water. AH the
natural water supplies have been pol
luted by the lava, which has developed
sulphuric acid. Water is beinsr doled out
from the ships, and word has been sent
to nearby islands for a greater supply.
WATER IS ¦ POLLUTED.
•A steam launch from the Cincinnati
picked up iqo persons who were strug
gling in the water and took them to the
Suehet. Scores of others were taken to
the Cincinnati and ,to the Potomac.
The small- boats" of the latter ship were
out constantly, saving many who other
wise "must have been drowned. This
was a work of danger, as the sea was as
rough as if a hurricane was blowing.
Quickly, the streets were filled, and
soldiers and sailors mixed freely with
the citizens, all frightened and witless.
All struggled to get to a place of safety,
they knew not where. They all be
lieved that where they were was the
place of greatest danger. Some cursed
in their frenzy, thinking it was prayes
they were uttering. Others fell on their
knees in I the streets and besought pro
tection from above. Few were able to
restrain from tears. When the panic
subsided a little there was - a jzeneral
scramble. for the mountains or the
water front. When the Potomac start
ed for St. Pierre the French cruiser
Suehet went outside and made a tour of
the island in the opposite direction. She
passed St. Pierre, but had no part in the
work of rescue of the refugees who had
been driven^ to the shore by the storm
from -the volcano. When the two
steamers returned to Fort de .France
they found the panic here even v greater
than when they went away. There had
been a recurrence of the detonation*
and stones had been falling upon the
cit y : ¦ h^^fr^u
PANIC OF THE ; PEOPLE.
the terror that ensued was pitiful. The
spectacle was . so' appalling that the
populace could not appreciate the sub
limity of it. . :
Liberal wages , are offered for. . res
cuers to' go out and assist 'those who
have fallen by" the way, but the laborers
are too full of. fear. to be tempted by any
offer. The panic was greatest yesterday
when the/ sun rose, shining faintly
through the haze of ; ashes. : The skies
were filled with rolling and. whirling
clouds that were fieri' red. Many be
lieved that flames were af>out ",to ' fall
upon them, .from 'i the heavens, and
.'From all parts of the island not cut
off by the flow of lava refugees are com
ing, into Fort de France. The moun
tain roads are filled with panic-stricken
and starving"; natives. : • 'Arriving here
their terrors do not decrease." and they
are as anxious to press on to some safe
place as they" were to get here. All the
roads aredotted with dead ; and many
are reported to be dying, having fallen
from weakness on the way. . , .
REFUGEES STUiL J COME.
St.' Pierre is described by Lieutenant
McCormick' as driven into the , earth.
•About half the. city has :, been buried
deeplj- under ashes, which are constantly
falling.- The;heat from the .volcano .was
so great and the Potomac went so close
inshore that ; she returned with the pamt
"on her sides blistered. , On the \vav
¦back from St. Pierre- Lieutenant Mc-
Cormick saw a great crowd of men and
womenonthe shore ¦ signalins: , wildly
forJielp.- Allwere taken on board'and
brought" to Fort de "France. ; Those
thus rescued were almost starved. Sup
plies were given . to them and they were
turned-over to . the relief- committee
here. , ' ¦ . .. ' ¦ '. \ ; rf.v;<; •. I
tions of Mont Pelee in eruption. Just
as on Monday, the ship was taken close
under the. volcano, where ; it remained
until driven away^by the flow of lava,
which reaches far out to" sea. Lieuten
ant McCormick- brought back a report
that fissures have formed in the sides of
Pelee andfrom them lava flows in broad
streams. • All along -the ; shore near S*-..-
Pierre, the water is boilin'g, . and sach
curtains of steam rise that a^ view of
the land is possible only When the wind
blows with sufficient force to lift* them
for a few seconds.-. ....
PLACE OP .WORSHIP THAT WAS DESTROYED MAT S BTTHE AVA
LANCHE OF FIRE FROM THE CRATER OF MONT PELEE. AND
TWO INTERESTING ISLAND SCENES.
In the excitement time .is found!- to
give praise to Lieutenant McCormicW
and the American officers and men "un
der" his command, who have never lost
their presence of mind and are working
Ibravely to save those who are unable to
¦save'-themscrves. The Potomac, which
McCormick commands, was ordered to
*'run down the coast to make . observa-
BRAVERY OF AMERICANS.
Thousands have left Fort de* France."
Some have gone into the mountains to
almost certain starvation, preferring
that to the fate that would be theirs if
the lava of Mont. : Pelee:.buried them in
the ruins of the city. : Others have gone
to nearby islands, there to depend upon
the charity of strangers. Every ship .in
the harbor is constantly, visited by .those
who would flee at the, next appearance
of great danger. .Clustered' about the
ships arc small boats. filled with natives,
who beg to. be- taken up. Hundreds,,
finding it impossible to obtain boats to
take them to the ship^,; .have swum out,
risking their lives in the water tofacinc:
the danger which fills them \vlth more
terrible dread. One who took this mode
of escape is Richard Radish, of West
minster Park,'; Manchester, England.
Kadish had been travelinj? through
Venezuela with William R. Grace Jri of
New York, and arrived here a few days
ago. "When the culminating' explosion
came yesterday morning and fear struck
to the heart of every person on the, isl T '
and Kadish .rushed to the shore and
plunged into the water. He succeeded
in moving hisshoes and then 'kicked off
his trousers. Being then little' .weighted
with clothes he struck out for the Brit
ish cruiser Tnrlcfatigible, which- was
nearly a mile off shore with- steam up
and ready. to put to sea. .He reached
the ship. safely,' though much exhausted.
¦ He remained until evening:,; when he re
turned to. shore, the eruptions, having
perceptibly lessened. :. ,
FLEE TO STARVATION.
Down upon the ruins of St. Pierre fell
great bowlders, all redhot, that battered
what was left of the unfortunate . city
beyond resemblance' of its', former' self;
Ashes fell in torrents, and it is now.re
ported that the, site of the city resembles
a great gray plain.
W-^ORT DE FRANCE, Mar
' fig . tinique, May 21.— Another
ffi t day of terror and panic has
JS. - been spent by the people of
Martinique. For six hours
yesterday Fort de France was literally
bombarded, by 'Mont' Pelcc. 'Stones,
many of them incandescent, rained on
this city from the clonds. were
destroyed and rrfeTwere'star'ted in" many"
quarters.. With the stones fell hoi .mud
and . ashes. The air was so filled with
volcanic dust that it was barely possible
to breathe. At times it 'seemed as i{
suffocation must be the fate of all who
could not be taken on board the ships in
the harbor. While the loss of life has
not. been great, the eruption yesterday
was far worse than that of May 8; when
30,000 inhabitants of St. Pierre were de
stroyed. For many hours 1 the. explo
sions were so heavy that it seemed. as if
the island would be shaken from its
foundation.
Fiom the Special Correspondent of
s The Call and the New York Her
aid. Copyright, 1902, by the New
York Herald Publishing Company.
REDDING, May 21.— The Coroner's jury
that held an inquest .on the death of
Charles Scharsch, who was killed on Bear
Creek . yesterday by his brother-in-law,
Joseph Kouney, returned a verdict that
the, killing: was done in self-defense.. '
Shot in Self -Defense.
Miners Make Concessions.
WILKESBARRE. =iPa.; May 21:—The
three anthracite executive committees of
the United 'rMlno -Workers of America at
their joint meeting to-day (decided to per
mit the engineere, firemen and pumpmen
to remain at work provided the coal com
panies grant them an "eight-hour day-at
present wages. -If these demands are* not
granted. by June 2 the inen shall then sus
pend.work. The three boards will "meet
again to-morrow morning. Jt is said. that
nothing was /"done <to:day liv regard ,to the
matter, of involving :the' bituminous min
ers In. the present: struggle.' - - ,, .
Bennett Burleigh of the London Tele-.
.'/;¦. '..' graph Sends a Significant ¦
Message. '
'LONDON. May 21.— A private telegram
received by the Daily- Telegraph from its
war correspondent, 'Bennett Burleigh,
contains the : simple word "Returning,"
from which the conclusion is drawn that
peace Is assured, because, says the Daily
Telegraph, Burleigh's devotion to duty is
too well knownfor him to dream of quit
ting his post while there is yet' work to
be done. ..-, '¦ ; ¦¦•¦" • .-.'. .
"All the world •will rejoice with us,"
adds - the Dally .Telegraph, Vif this opti
mistic view should .prove correct."
CORRESPONDENT'S DISPATCH
INDICATES WAR'S END
Soon rafter , the Senate convened to-day
a communication from* the Secretary of
State was received announcing the unveil
ing of the statue of Marshal de Rocham
beau of 'France- in, Washington on Satur
day. May 24. On motion of Cullom the
Senate decided that when that body ad
jcurns.on-May 23 it.be, until the'following
Monday in, order, he said, that the Senate
might attend, the ceremonies. '. .
. On 'motion of Payne of , New York the
House agreed to adjourn over from Fri
day, to Monday In order to take part in
the exercises. *
> The House of Representatives to-day re
ceived official notification of the exer
cises, attending the unveiling of the
statue oT- Marshal do Rochambeau I:i
Washington "on Saturday next.
come from beyond the sea In recent days.
President Loubefs dispatch was the oniy
one received- on the same day of the noti
fication of Cuban independence, and It is
particularly "welcome in view of the fact
that -the French President was absent
from Paris and engaged on a mission of
much, importance to European policy. '
The receipt by the President of a cable
gram from M. Loubct from Kronstadt,'
Russia; congratulating the (United States
upon the .inauguration" of thevCuban ' re
public, created a mof=t favorable impres
sion in Government circles here. as.itjB
iooked upon as quite as practical. evidence
«f good v. ill as' any of those that have
MESSAGE FROM LOUBET.
At' noon tti« French^ Embassador. M.
Cambon, entertained at luncheon the .vis
itors ¦who. remained in Washington, and
beyond, this the day was given over to
the exchange of courtesies between the
French officials and those of the American
Government. Embassador Cambon called
at the White House' to-Gay to arrange
with the President certain details of the
programme, but the visit was without
significance beyond the renewal of felici
tations oiv the happy circumstances of the
present cordial exchange between the two
republics.
currlng at" Annapolis. Early to-day .a
party of i officials left . here . to take ¦ part
In the reception at Annapolis. This In
cluded the President's commission, head
ed by Assistant Secretary of State Pierce!
Captain Vlgnal, military attache of the
French embassy, who goes to greet Gen
eral Brugere: Captain de Faramond, naval
attache of the embassy, who will extend
greeting to Admiral Fournier, and several
other members of the embassy staff. :
MONUMENT THAT. WILL BE UNVEILED AT WASHINGTON SATUR
DAY. AND FRANCE'S DIPLOMATIC REPRESENTATIVE WHO IS EN
TERTAINING SOME OF THE MOST DISTINGUISHED GUESTS.
ANNAPOLIS, Mdi, May 2L— The
reception of the representatives
of the French republic who are
here to participate in the cere
monies attendant upon the un
veiling of ¦ the Rochambeau
monument in Washington next Friday
look place on board the French battleship
Oauloh? in Annapolis Roads at 2 o'jplock
to-dcy. The commissioners representing
the United States— Colonel Theodore 'F.
Bingham. Superintendent ol Public
Grounds in Washington; Assistant Secre
tary of Sx&te H. H. D. Pierce and Com
mander B. K. Rodgers— reached Annapo-'
J:s from Washington at 9 o'clock and era
larked en the dispatch boat Dolphin,
temmanded by Captain Albert G. Leaves.
The commissioners were accompanied by
several members of the French embassy
at Washington.
The Gaulois and the American escort,
the Albany and Kearsarge, under the
command of Admiral Higginson, were an
chored . off Greenberry Point Lighthouse,
five miles below Annapolis. The Gaulois
anchored just as the Dolphin appeared
upon the scene fluttering her jack at the
bow in tcken thereof, at 12:50 p. m. Some
200 yards on the bow of the French bat
tleship. Admiral Higginson's flagship, the
OJympla. came to an anchor, while the Al
fcany and Kearsarge took positions below
the Olympiad . "
GIVEN HEAETY GREETING.
The Indiana, which lay between Annap
eiis and Greenberry Point Lighthouse,
Vras the first to give a. sign of welcome to
th<5 French warship, hoisting a signal
The Albany responded with a signal and
the air reverberated with a cannon boom
from the Gaulois, the traditional twenty
fcne guns being fired. This was followed
fcy two patriotic airs from the band on
board the Gaulois. one of these being the
•'Marseillaise." Immediately thereafter
the United States Commissioners proceed
ed in a launch to the Gaulois and as they
ftpproached the French battleship a salute
cf fifteen guns was fired.
On board the French steamer every
preparation had been ' made for a most
pleasing reception of the American repre
sentatives. The giant battleship was
Cpick and span from bow to stern and
every sailor, marine and officer was in
proper place to give a hearty welcome to
the American visitors. As soon as the
commissioners touched the deck of the
Gaulois they were effusively greeted by ;
General Brugere, Admiral Fournier and
their staffs.
WORDS OF WELCOME.
After greetings had been exchanged the
visitors were escorted to the cabin, where
the brief ceremony, of . •welcome and re
sponse at once took place. Assistant Sec
retary of State Pierce spoke on behalf of
the Government of the United States and
General Brugere replied in a few words.
The American commissioners spent half '
en hour on board the Gaulois and then
returned to tho Dolphin, in the mean
time having paid formal calls upon the i
Olynapia aiid Alabama.
Later in the afternoon the French com
missionorE mad" a return call upon the
American commissioners on board the
Dolphin, after which the Dolphin return
ed to Annapolis.
Upon the return of the Dolphin Colonel
Bingham and the French embassy offi
cials disembarked ar.d returned to Wash
ington; Assistant Secretary Pierce re
maining on the vessel. To-morrow morn
ing the French commissioners will leav«
for WiishSr-ston to pay their respects to
President Roosevelt! J
B GUESTS ENTERTAINED. '" |
WASHINGTON, May 21.-Tlie • party of j
distinguished French guests, including the \
Coizr.t and Countess do Kochanibeau and i
Count d» Lafaylt", rj.cnt a comparative- '•
ly quiet tiny hore to-d:ty. The prusramrre |
of festivities docs rot begin ljc.-e until J
• te-worruw, the main ewnts of to-day oc- •
Hencken said that he went to his room
with the young woman, and that after
Brown came in, he went out. going into
Brown's room, and went to bed. He de
clared further that he heard no disturb
ance in Brown's room, and Is sure. he did
not hear. the • shot that -ended Brown's
life. , - ¦ :
The police incline to the theory of sui
cide, but will make a thorough investiga
tion.
Thereupon she went to the McAllister
Hotel, ¦where she : is employed, and on
reaching her room she fainted. On re
viving she told a servant what had oc
curred, and the latter advised her to no
tify the police. She then went out and
finding Patrolman Smith related the oc
currence .to, him.. The. girl was., held
pending further investigation, and Detec
tives were, sent out to find Hencken. The
latter was soon located, and he corrobo
rated the young woman's statement in
most particulars. Hencken said : it was
his room, in which Brown shot himself;
and also stated 'jhat Brown had been
worrying /over financial difficulties. He
said he thought it probable that Brown
had committed suicide.
Shortly after, says Miss Smith, Brown
attempted an assault, but -she repulsed
him. Then Brown started for the door,
saying he would look for Hencken. Th,e
woman then, insisted that she would go
out .to look for Hencken. She left the
room, she declares, and as she'-closed the
door, she says, she heard the sound of a
shot.
Last night. ?ald Miss Smith, she went
out to the- ; Chutes with Hencken. On their
return,, they mct-Brown. and the three
went to the room at.601 McAllister street.
Brown and Hencken became involved in
an altercation, and Hencken finally left
the room.
A rapid examination . showed him that
the man had succumbed to a bullet wound
in the heartl A, revolver lay be
side the body. The patrolman notified the
Central Police. Station,' and the, young
woman was taken there, where she made
a statement of what* she claims to be the
truth of the matter. She said that her
name was Mamie Smith, and that she was
well acquainted wltlvthe dead man, who
;W.^HJ*<yBnd JSJ^^H-Brown^^d.^who -^-as a
clfrk.jip thcemploy of II. and M; Ilenuk
en, who have two places, of business, one
of which is at McAllister and Franklin
streets, of. which H.\ Hencken,' one of tho
partners, is the manager, 'Both the pro
prietor and the clerk, she says, have, been
paying her attention, but of -the two she
liked Hencken best, saying she "did; not
care much for Brown."
It was at 2:30 this morningr that Patrol
man A. N. Smith, was approached by an
excited young woman who informed him
that a man named Brown had probably
shot himself in a room at 601 McAllister
street. The officer accompanied the young
woman to the house and found the dead
man. '. v- • . v. '
Mamie Smith, a^pretty -woman of about
25 years of age, '^ first told the police
that Brown lay dead in "the room." '
With a bullet in his;heart and a pistol
beside him, Ernest: Brown, a grocer's
clerk, was found, dead 'in a room, of the
house 601 McAllister -street,. 'at 2:30 o'clock
this morning. Mystery shrouds the affair,
but the police believe that Brown killed
himself. ....... • ' ' - • . • •- '¦'
Police Incline to Sui=
cide Theory, but
Will Investigate.
Henry Hencken Par=
tially Corroborates
Her Statement
Young Woman De=
clares That Clerk
Killed Himself.
Ernest Brown pound
Dead With Bullet
in His Heart
MYSTERY
SHROUDS
TRAGEDY
FORT DE PRANCE BOMBARDED BY MARTINIQUES VOLCANO,
RED-HOT BOULDERS ARE SHOWERED UPON PIERRE RUINS
Increased Eruptions
Cause Fearful
Havoc.
Death - Dealing Lava
Still Flows Over
the Island.
Amid Din and Panic
Americans Work
at Rescue.
VOLUME XCI— NO. 173.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SOT FEANCISCO, THURSDAY, MAY 22,-1902.
The San Francisco Call.
American Warships
Meet arid Escort |
the Gaulois.Finds Death in the Columbia.
EDUCATIONAL INSTITUTION
THAT HAS JUST GRADUATED
ITS CLASS OF 1902.
, /To iralntain our credit'we must pay-for
our; $85,000 Oakland branch stock of goods
that we have on hand,' but can't use for
three months IniOakland, as the store is
not ready .for occupany. Pattoslen's, Six
teenth and Mission streets. •
Furniture at Your Own Price.
Engineer Accused of Bigamy.
TOPEKA, Kans., May 2L— Governor
Stanley has granted a requisition on the
Governor of Colorado for William Ghent
an engineer on the Denver and Rio
Grande at Salida, who Is wanted in To
peka on a charge of bigamy. Ghent was
divorced from his first wife here a short
time ago and then married a St. Joseph
woman before the six months provided for
by law had expired. Ghent has been ar
rested by Colorado officers.
GREENVILLE. Pa., May 21.— Memorial
Hall I of Thiel Collese in 5 this place was de
stroyed .by flre.of incendiary origin this morn
ins, entailing a loss of $25,000. ".
BERLIN, May 21.— A bill providing for
strengthening the German element in the
Polish provinces of Prussia' was intro-^
duced in the Diet " to-day. It increases
the amount of funds at the disposal of
the government for establishing; settle
ments in West Prussia and Posen^from
200.000,000 , marks to 350,000.000 marks, and
assigns an additional 100,000,000 marks for
tho purchase of more estates, in -those
provinces, suitable for peasant settle
ment, etc. . .
Polish Provinces Worry Germany.
Ex-Representative "William R. Sprlng-er
appeared before the Committee on Ways
and Means to-day as the representative
of the National -Livestock Association
and kindred associations in favor of the
Groevenor bill.
-WASHINGTON, May 21— The Senate
Committee on Census to-day authorized
a favorable report on the concurrent res
olution introduced by Senator Mitchell,
requiring the Census Bureau to bring the
irrigation statistics of the country up to
de te.
Irrigation Statistics Demanded.
NEW YORK, May 21.— A collection of
photographs sent to . Harvard University
by the German Emperor and presented in
person by Prince Henry on* the occasion
of his recent visit to Harvard is reported
to have been stolen.
The collection was a faithful reproduc
tion of the first representative of Ger
manic art which the Emperor is. having
prepared for presentation to Harvard. The
collection was removed from the Fogg
Art Museum. Entrance was grained by
breaking the skylight.
GIFT OF THE KAISER
STOLEN FROM HARVARD
As this dispatch is sent the beating of
drums can be heard on all sides and arm
ed men are gathering for the battle. The
members of the diplomatic corps assem
bled here this morning and decided to
protest against the entrance of the north
ern army into tho capital. Unfortunately
this protest is not likely to have much
effect, as there are no foreign war ves
sels in the harbor. Regret is especially
expressed at the absence of a United
States warship from Port au Prince,
though the Topeka is due here.
The people are very excited and seem
determined to make a vlgoroug resistance
to the entrance of the Army of the North
into this city. The general belief is that
if Firmin persists in his intention to at
tempt to force an entry into Port au
Prince a severe engagement will follow.
PORT AU PRINCE, Hayti. May 21.—
The Army of the North, numbering about
4000 men, commanded by General Firmln,
the most powerful candidate for the
Presidency of Hayti, arrived to-day at
Arcahale, two days' march from here.
The provisional Government has sum
moned all citizens to defend the capital,
and as a result the entire population of
Port an Prince is now under arms.
The conference report on the agricult
ural bill was agreed to. Bacon of Georgia
then resumed his speech begun yesterday
on the Philippine bill. Adverting to the
policy of concentration he referred to the
camps, as • reconcentrado camps, and
SpOoner inquired if. It was his purpose to
fasten upon the American army the odium
of Weylerlsm. He said the term recon
centrado stood for a policy of infamy,
which was not the purpose of General
Bell in issuing the concentration order and
he believed Bacon knew that the general
had no such purpose. • •- - . ¦ .
Bacon said he had^ called attention "to
this matter simply to show the American
people what were the results of the Phil
ippine policy in. order that, understanding
it, they might be induced to abandon* it.
Discussing the term "scuttle," as applied
.to the Philippine policy, he declared that
what tho minority , now, asked to be done
as to the Philippines "was .precisely what
leading Senators of the majority wanted
to be done In the beginning, and after
quoting from speeches of Lodge arid For
aker, Bacon said: .
"If , these Senators .will say to us that
it is the purpose of the United States to
let these people stand alone and ultimate
ly to give them freedom, we will not quar
rel then about the time. , What we want
to know is that this excrescence is to bo
cut off from our body politic."
Fairbanks called up the omnibus, public
building bill. Several amendments were
adopted. Including an addition of $15 000
for Albuquerque, N. M. As amended the
agereRate appropriation carried by the bill
is $21,235,150.. It was passed after 'cdnsid
eration for an hour and three minutes
The Senate then," at J8:25 o'clock,' ad
journed. - = ¦¦ - y . .- j
Wellington of Maryland opposed the
pending Philippine measure and said the
action of the United States In the islands
was "as indefensible as the attack of
the hordes of hell upon, God.'! . . - .
WASHINGTON, . May 21.— Before .the
Senate resumed consideration of the Phil
ippine bill to-day it adopted a resolution
congratulating Cuba on its entry into the
family of independent nations and tho
Secretary of State was directed to trans
mit the resolution to uie President of the
new republic.
The Call correspondent is In a position
to state that the / German Government
•will propose a renewal of the favored
treaty with the United States to prevent
an outbreak of tariff hostilities such as
the Agrarians are demanding.
Apart from the promise of a glowing
reception the Kaiser wishes to see with
his own eyes the colossal enterprises and
industrial magnitude of the - United
States. The Kaiser sincerely believes
that Germany and tho United States can
obtain more advantageous results by
working together commercially and po
litically than by resorting to tariff war
fare. -•.•; ;£'> •
That is the Query one hears on all
sides. Although official affirmation' is
lacking the announcement comes up in
sistently that the Kaiser's next move to
secure a rapprochement with the United
States will be a personal visit to Presi
dent Roosevelt. It is understood that the
trip to the United States was discussed
during his recent trip on board the Kron
prinz Wilheim to the North Sea.
It has always been one of the earnest
wishes of the Kaiser, expressed in pri
vate conversation and to members of the
American Embassy here, that he mignt
some day be able to visit the United
States. Prince Henry's reception Is main
ly responsible for the newly expressed
wlslies of the Kaiser to visit the United
States.
BERLIN, May 21.-Is the Kaiser.pav
ing the way for a personal and official
visit to the United States?
Special Dispatch to The Call.
General Pirmin's Army
Nears the Capital
of Hayti.
Berlin Is Astir Over Em
peror's Probable
.Voyage.
Congratulatory Resolu
tions Adopted by
• Legislators.
DRUMS SOUND
FOR A BATTLE
WASHINGTON. Ma'y 21— It was stated at
the British Embassy this afternoon that the
condition of Lord Pauncefote is improved not
withstanding the fact that he passed a rather
restless night.
JUNCTION CITY. Kans., May 21.-Mrs.
W. G. Smoke, wife of Corporal Smoke of
the Ninth Artillery band, stationed at
Fort Riley, Kans., died at her home here
to-day of burns received as the result of
a joke perpetrated by her husband.
Mrs. Smoke had hidden in an outbuild
ing and in a spirit of fun locked her hus
band out. Smoke poured gasoline on the
stone steps and lighted it. thinking to
frighten her. The flames were drawn in
under the door and enveloped Mrs
Smoke, who died several hours later iii
terrible agony.
Injuries in Fire Her Husband
Started.
SMOKE PLAYS A JOKE
AND KILLS MBS. SMOKE
Army Musician's Wife Receives Fatal
SEATTLE. May 21.— A floating drydock
to cost approximately $425,000 and to be
one of the largest of the kind in the
world will be constructed by Moran Bros,
for use in their shipyard. Plans and
specifications are now in course of • prep>
aration and the dock will be built without
waste of time.
Big Floating Drydock.
SENATE SENDS
CUBA GREETING
This year's enrollment number s about
ISO pupils, and when the school reopens
on August 4 the number will be materially
increased.
In 1850 the Sisters of St. Dominic found
ed St. Catherine Academy in Benicia. It
was the pioneer of its kind and though
since then numerous others have been es
tablished it has ever held a foremost rank
as an educational institution. ¦ In 18S9,
larger facilities being necessary. St. Cath
erine Academy was absorbed by the
Dominican College near this city.
The real founding of San Rafael Con
vent was in 1817, when the -Franciscan
Fathers sent an exploring expedition to
locate a suitable and convenient- site.
After a wide and exhaustive examination
the explorers reported in favor of San
Rafael Valley.
Mlrees Anna Ena, Irene Civrico. Stella Zif
ferer. Hulda Young-. Frances Murphy, Mar-
BU'.iite Tourny. Bertha Radovlch. Bertha Sav
ajro; "Nymphs ar.d Fauns," soprano boIo (Bern
berg), Miss Ella Bethune; orchestral accom
paniment; piano. Miss Stella Zlfferer; organ,
Miss Ida Marriott: "Old Folk? at Home," vo
cal rjuartet (Fotter-Coe). Misses Ena: "Una
Stella" (Bellcnghi); mandolins. Misses Mary
Ena. Marguerite Tourny, Neale Mellersh, Ella
Bethune; guitars, Misses Mabel Ena. Clara Du
ran. Dian Argall, Anna Boyken; violins. Misses
Ds!?y and Clarice Ena. Frances Murphy; lute,
Miss Agnes Maloney: harp. Miss Margaret Mc-
Cann; Diano,. Miss Ida Marriott; "Oh, Divir.s
Redeemer" (prayer of Saint Mary Magdalen),
contralto solo (Gounod). Miss Mary Ena; ac
companists — harp. Miss Mabel Ena; vialln. Miss
Clarice Ena; organ. Miss Anna Ena; piano,
Miss Daisy Ena; "Ave Maria." vocal sextet
(Marchetti), the College Choir; "II Ritorno,"
vals-e canto, mezzo-soprano solo (lAicantoni),
Miss Agne3 Maloney: orchestral accompani
ment: piano. 'Miss Alleen Howatt; organ. Miss
Anna Ena: "March MUitalra" (four pianos)
(Scbubert-TauFig). Misses A^nes" Maioney. ' Ida
Marriott, Mary Ena. Clarice Ena, •¦ Alleen
Howatt. Stella Zlfferer. Mabel Ena. Daisy- Ena;
.valedictory. Miss Ma'lgc Jamos; the college di
ploma; awarded to Miss Agnes C, Maloney, and
Miss Madge E. James.
GERMAN RULER
MAY VISIT US
SAN RAFAEL, May 21.— The fiftieth
annual commencement exercises of
Dominican College took place !n
the convent auditorium this after
noon. There was a large attend
ance from San Francisco. The gradu
ates were only two in number— Miss
Madge E. James of Ross Valley and Miss
Agnes C. Maloney of San Francisco.
Archbishop Riordan delivered an address
to the school and presented the diplomas
to the graduates.
Miss Madge James delivered the vale
dictory. Her subject was handled in an
able manner. The musical programme
was a rare treat, each number being ex
cellently rendered. One feature was the
playing of the Misses Ena, five sisters,
residents of Hawaii, each of whom is an
artiste with violin, harp, piano, guitar
and mandolin, while Misses Mary and
Claria Ena have superb voices.
Medals were awarded to the following
young ladies:
Deportment — Miss Isabel Castillo. ¦
. Latin — Miss Amy O'Connor.
Arithmetic and physics — Miss Mad?e James.
Application In music (piano)— Miss Ilene
Howitt.
Application in music (vocal) — Miss Agnes
Maloney.
i Medal for piano, vocal, mandolin — Miss Mary
Ena.
Application in 6tudies — Miss Frella Freeman
and Miss Daisy Ena.
Ornamental needlework — Miss Louise Hoh
¦weiser.
Christian doctrine — Miss Inez Aguirre anu
Miss Regina Biggy.
The complete programme follows:
"Roberto II Diavolo" (Meyerbeer), Grazlana-
A\ alter; mandolins, guitars. Molina, lute, harp,
piano: romanzo. "Xon Torno." mezzo-soprano
solo (Mattel). Miss Clarice Ena; accompanists —
liarp. Miss Margaret McCann: violin, M!g3
Daisy Ena: piano. Miss Mary Ena: "Villa
d'Alme," piano octet (Fumagalli-Rivetta),
GRAND RAPIDS, Mich., May 21.— E. L.
McDonnell of Muskegon, who died in this
city on the date he was to have married
Miss Virginia Platt of Cincinnati, in his
will left $60,000 to establish a home for
Indigent old women at Fair-mount, Ind.
An examination of the will shows that
Instead of "indigent" old women he
wrote "indignant" old women and this
error in spelling may Invalidate the in
strument. According to the will as oris
ir.ally drafted, ho left $6000 to Flora New
ton of Syracuse, N. Y., to whom he was
formerly engaged. He scratched her name
out. and substituted that of Miss Platt
when the change came over his affections
and- only one of £he witnesses to the will
was apprised of . the change. wh?ch was
equivalent to making a new will. It Li
said the instrument will be attacked by
Miss Newton and McDonnell's relatives
Capitalist Leaves Money to "Indig
nant" Women, Who Are Likely °
to Lose It.
EfcBOB IN SPELLING
MAY INVALIDATE A WILL
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
WASHINGTON. May 2L— The Postofflce
Department has announced:
Postmasters commissioned: Oregon —
James M. Davis, Terry. Washington-
Swan Anderson, Ciearbrook; Robert D.
Slmtt, Tulalip.
Postmasters appointed: California— H.
N. Baker, Hedges, San Diego County,
vice C. F. S. Tate, resigned. Oregon— Joel
Klannery, Butler, Polk County, vice J. C
Ellis, resigned; W. J. Turnldge, Crabtree,
Linn County, vice J. XL Kutch, resigned.
Washington— C. C. Rulifson, Carrollton,
Cowlitz County, vice G. A. Poland, re
signed.
These pensions were granted:
California: Original— Michael Sheehan,
Veterans' Home, Napa, $8; Francis
Eearcy, San Jose, $8; Philip Pipper, Los
Angeles, $12. War with Spam— William A.
Her.ch, San Francisco, $ti. Increase— John
Feess, French Camp, $12; Henry Homa
ger, Oakland, $S; Philip Kiegelhaupt, San
i-'rancisco, 512; George W. Slocum, San
Diego, *S0; Charles B. Hamilton, Col ton,
$e; James E. Tyhurst, San Lucas $12;
Kirk P. Hartley. Kern, $12; Walter C.
Bpann, Red Blutf, 5S; William Wisdom.
Hanford, 58; John C. Wells, Ventura, $S.
Mexican War, special May 7— Volney P.
Lu£Jow. Hanford, $12; Alice C. Munroe,
Berkeley, $8; Unice H. Rease, Arcata, $S.
War with Spain— Francis G. Meyler, Los
Angeles, $15. Widow. Mexican War-=Su
ean Hays, Fresno, $30.
Oregon: Original— Fred Hillert, The
Dalles, 56. Increase— George Harris, Glen
coe, 210.
Washington: Original— Israel L. San
ford, Lincoln, $8. War with Spain— Henry
Watt. Monroe, $10. Increase — Alva Spen
cer, Tacoma, $S; Samuel C. Dickinson,
Chenoweth, $12. Widows— Margaret A.
Duffy, Tacoma, $8; Mona L. Rogers, Red
mond, $8.
Army orders announce that the leaves
of absence to Major Wiillam J. Wakeman.
surgeon, and Major Benjamin H. Ran
dolph, artillery. Department of California,
are extended each one month.
These patents were issued to-day:
California— Paul Barnum, San Francisco,
cash cord fastener; Lillian A. Burgard,
San Francisco, combined skirts and
drawers; Emerson B. Campbell, assignor
one-half to M. H. Wangenheim, Bakers
field, mop head; Frederick R. French,
San Francisco, conveying apparatus; La
fayette Funck. Farmington, can holder;
Charles V. Fowler, Los Angeles, appara
tus for moving heavy boilers; William
A. Hastings, Han Francisco, and N. J.
Harrington, Oakland, assignors to George
W. Caswell Company. San Francisco, ap
paratus for cleaning coffee berries; Harry
Havill, Los Angeles, weeding implement;
Gustavus A. Hersey, San Francisco,
graining apparatus; Willard C. James,
Cucamonga, apartment house; George
A. Lane, assignor one-half to J. F. Mar
tin, Lakeside, combination bit and
reamer; Soren H. Madsen, Haywards,
brake and bell for vehicles; AJbert
Main, Powellton, bicycle brake; James
D. McFarland Jr.. assignor one-half to J
Bruckman, San Francisco, wrench; Au
gustus Newell, Pasadena, assignor to
Perfect Sliding Door Company, Los An
geles, lock for sliding door: Otto Nei
haus. West Berkeley, adjustable window
screen; Clarence L. Parker. Los Angeles,
device for tightening or loosening hoops
of tanks, vats, etc; Guy T. Roberts,
Coronado Beach, lock; Samuel S. Rose,
Amador City, rotary explosive engine:
Fred Strebler, Riverside, woven wire
fence machine; Arthur J. Towner, Santa
Ana, snap hook.
Washington— Edward D. Hamilton,
Vancouver, washing machine: George G.
Mayenschien, Sunnyside, hay derrick-
Thomas Wilson, Meyers Falls, road
ecraper.
The Postofflce Department to-uay an
nounced: Postofflce name changed: Wash
ington—Mendota, Skamania County, to
Butler, William Butler, postmaster. Ap
pointed postmaster: Washington— C. E.
Marker. Roxwell, Clarke County, vice T.
C. Harrison, resigned.
These pensions were granted: Califor
ria—Original—James Gay. Alleghany, $8;
Christopher C. Jones. San Diego. $8;' Wil
liam Yuhr*>. Lincoln. $10; William C
Carey, San Francisco. $10; James Garsden
Ixjs Angeles, $12; George Netherton. Be
nicia. $12. Widows— Mary A. Tiffany,
Hanfcrd, $S; Hannah Blakely, Armona, $8
Oregon— Original— Augusta vius Plata
nick. Eugene. $6. Increase— Jacob Schlepp
Soldiers' Home, Roseburg. $10; John s'
Millikin. Ontario, $S; Charles C. McFalls"
La Grande, JS. Widow— Mary D. Lebo'
Brockway. $S.
Washington T Increase— Samuel L. Chap
man. Spokane. $15; John Lincoln. Orting,
33; William A. Cannon, Orting JlO: Wil
liam G. Crafts, West Sound. $8.
JCavy orders announce that Lieutenant
TV. P. Winchell is detached from the
Keajsargo to Mare Island Navy Yard for
-duty on the Bcston.
The Kaiser is known to entertain strong
views on the Santiago controversy. He
speaks of tlie Schley inquiry as the court
mariial of a man who served his country
¦well. The testimony of some of Schley's
brother officers in putting the admiral in
the light of a. coward has amazed and
disgusted the whole German navy.
This reversal of precedent In accordance
with which American military and naval
representative:? have hitherto been intro
duced to tile Kaiser by the same channels
as the Embassador is considered in diplo
matic circles here a direct snub that is
)ikeiy to be emphasized throughout
Potts' diplomatic career.
BERLIN, May 2L— Because he called
Admiral Schley a coward, Lieutenant
Commander Tempjln M. Potts, recently
appointed naval attache to the United
States embassy in Berlin, has received in
timation that the welcome to be accorded
him by the Kaiser and the German navy
will be limited to diplomatic courtesy. In
answer to the embassy's inquiry as to
¦when it would be convenient to present 1
Potts to the Emperor, the German For
eign Office returned the reply that the
matter is in the jurisdiction of the Navy
Department. - I
Special Dispatch to The Call.
For this reason President Palma insists
uppn the lowest possible salaries and the
most rigid economies. If it should bo
absolutely necessary the expenses will be
curtailed or some changes made in the
internal revenue taxes to increase the
revenues. The chief hope lies in the im
mediate negotiation of a reciprocity treaty
with the United States to permit the mar
keting of the island's sugar. The sale of
this product, it is believed, would stim
ulate importations, by distributing money'
and increasing consumption.
'The illumination of this city last night
probably was never surpassed in an
American city. The facades of the hotels
and lines of arches gleamed with electric
lights, Japanese lanterns swung from
trees in the parks, colored lanterns- of
some ancient design glowed above the
door of nearly, ef cry residence and the
driveway leading to the ocean front 'was
roofed with a myriad of multi-colored
globes. The feature of the' fireworks dis
play from the forts across the bay was
an immense Cuban flag and portraits of
President Palma, General Gomez, General
Marti and other Cuban heroes. Significant
of the acquiescence -of the wealthy Span
iards in the new Government was the fact
that a Cuban flag was hoisted over the
casjno by the Side of the banner of Spain.
lhe general festivities were resumed at
aawn to-day, when the buglers sounded
the reveille in all parts of the city and
\ o Dan ds gave their morning concerts.
At 8 o clock the foundation stone of the
triumphal arch commemorating the in
auguration of the Cuban republic was laid
with appropriate exercises on Independ
ence avenue by the Circulo Nacional
This afternoon the theaters were thrown
open and free performances were given
To-night a great public feast will be held
on the prado.
HAVANA, May 21.— The immediate
financial future of Cuba is a matter of
concern, as , the customs receipts* have
fallen off appreciably during the last few
weeks and the aid of the wealthy classes
may be essential to tide Cuba over a
crisis, j Should one come, with the small
surplus turned over to the republic and
the present rate of receipts, against tha
increase in expenditures on account of
Congress and the new salaries,; the treas
ury might be in difficulties before next
fall. - ¦
Salaries.
Officials of the Republic Can
\ Obtain Only Small
German Emperor and Navy
Decide to Snub the Lieu
tenant Commander.
The Financial Future of
Cuba Excites Some .
Anxiety.
Berlin.
Naval Attache Potts Is
Not Popular at
FALMA INSISTS
ON ECONOMY
RAISED RESENTS
SLUR ON SCHLEY
THE SAN FE ¦ AN CISCO. ¦¦ CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 22, 1902.
TWO GRADUATES RECEIVE DIPLOMAS
IN SAN RAFAEL'S DOMINICAN COLLEGE
Archbishop Riordan Bestows Sheepskins Upon;
Madge E. James and -Agnes 'C. Maloney and Students
Entertain the Visitors With a Fine Musical Programme
PORTLAND, Or.. May 21.-The body of
Mrs. Mamie Frances Gelger, a nurse, who
disappeared from St. Vincent's Hospital
nearly a month ago, was found floating
in the river in front of the city to-dav*
86 * «, ad f > slisht disagreement
e^ of the sist era at the hospital
her life beIleved thIs caused her to take
2
enunlerated all of the diseases which are
classed as catarrh. It must be confessed,
however, to see even this partial list
drawn up in battle array is rather ap-
palling. If the reader desires to see this
list, together with a short exposition of
each one, send for our free catarrh book.
Address The Peruna Medicine Co., Co-
lumbus, Ohio. v
Colonel T. P. Moody of Chicago Had*
Catarrh Twenty-Five Years and rf
Was .Cured by Peruna,,
This signature is on every box ot the gennln*
Laxative Bromo-Quinine Taweu
Vx-f remedy that cares a cola Lai one day.
(B^J&nrtru
PACIFIC DEPARTMENT
34 Sansome Street, Corner Bush.
GEO. D. DORNIN, * GEO . w . DO RN1N, Y
•¦;•'. Manager. Asst. Manager.
¦ ' ' ¦ ¦ ...'"-¦¦'"¦¦* ¦ '
IJsed by people of refinement
for over a quarter of : a/century.
PERFECT
People have no idea how
crude and cruel soap can be.
It takes off dirt. So far,
so good; but what else does
it do.
It cuts the skin and frets
the under-skin; makes red-
ness and reughness and
leads to worse. Not soap,
but the alkali in it.
Pears' Soap has no free, al-
kali in it. It neither reddens
nor roughens the skin. It re-
sponds to water instantly; wash-
es and rinses off in a twinkling; is
as gentle as strong; and the
after-effect is every way good.
Established over 100 years.
INSURANCE COMPANY.
OF HARTFORD, IN THE STATE OF-CON-
necticut, on the 31st day of December.
A. D. 1001, and for the year ending on
that day, as made to the Insurance Commis-
sioner of the State of California, pursuant to
the provisions of sections 610 and 611 of the
Political Code, condensed as per blank fur-
nished by the Commissioner.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up ¦ :
In Cash ,..$1,000,000 00
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company... $399,053 32
: Loins on Bonds and Mortgages 647.715 00
i Cash Market Value of all Stocks ;
and Bonds owned by Company.. 3,62»,469 00
Cash In Company's Of flee 667 73
Cash in Banks 319,574 00
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion • 609, <37 37
Total Assets $5,604,216 42
=- '
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $101,074 87
Losses in process of Adjustment or
in Suspense 2 2H?J 55
Losses resisted, including expenses 23.606 60
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less. $2,272.- '
S 456 31: reinsurance 60 per cent.. 1,136,228 15
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, $2,54S,-
832 50; reinsurance pro rata.... 1,419,258 03
Contingent reserve fund ...1 25,000 00
All other liabilities 179.779 42
Total Liabilities $3,122,943 12
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums $3,433,153 90
Received for interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 39.628 00
Received for Interest and dividends -
on Bonds. Stocks, Loans and
from all other sources.r 153,302 10
Received for Rents 4,153 60
Profit and Loss 138 10
Total Income $3,630,356 Oo
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses" \
(including $200,864 05, losses of
previous years $1,751,880 44
Dividends to Stockholders 120.000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 651,599 21
Paid for Salaries, Feea and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.. 207,625 53
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes , 110.967 74
All other payments and expendi-
tures 360,504 00
Total Expenditures .$3,202,637 04
"Fire.
Losses Incurred during the year. . .$1,887,068 12
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
• written during the
year $520,605,644 $4,794,779 83 )
Net amount of Risks _• • ¦ •• "
. expired ' during the
year ......_.. 301,259.277 3,719,379 20
Net amount in force . ,, .
December 31. 1001.. 506.668,065 4,821,288 81
JAMES NICHOLS, President.
B. R. STILLMAN. Secretary.
Subscribed and eworn to before me this 13th
day of January. 1902.
FRED B. SEYMOUR, Notary Public
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Fire and Marine K-
INSURANCE COMPANY.
OX. SPRINGFIELI) - IN THE STATE OB*
v^/ Massachusetts, on the 31st day of Decem-
*»«• A. D. 1901, and for the year ending oa
that day. as made to the Insurance Commis-
sioner of the State of California, pursuant to
the provisions of sections «1O and 611 of th«
.Political Code, condensed as per blank fur-
nished by the Commissioner. .
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
in Cash $2,000,000,00
ASSETS. /*;•:¦' -\:\ .•;,'
Estate owned by Company.. $222,323 CO
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages... 554450 CO
Cash Market Value of, all Stocks ™*'*™ T-
and Bonds owned by Company.. 4,031 040 CO
Amounts of Loans secured by * >W5i ' v * u w
pledge of Bonds. Stocks and
other marketable securities as >
collateral ofv ...- -„
Clll \n & any>S OMCC - : »•«" M
•_asn in rUinics jnn K ni\ fZ
Interest due and accrued on'aU
Stocks and Loans 97 in* a"
Interest due and accrued on Bonds '"•<* us *•*
and Mortgages 13 623 *»t
Premiums m due Course of Collec- •*" >>D ~ > ~ {
tlon * -- «ij > u „_
Rents due and accrued '.'.'." 1 Hg si
Due from other Companies for Re-
Insurance on losses already paid 12,704 67
Total Assets .$5,888.887 49
LIABILITIES. • . "
Losses adjusted and unpaid tjujro?
Losses in process ot Adjustment or **° >&c 3I
in Suspense 218 86^ «
Losses resisted, including expenses 34 736 01
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less, $2 008.- '
602 64; reinsurance 50 per cent. . 1.004.301 27
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run- >VV *'* U1 ~
ning more than one year, $2,056,-
167 46; reinsurance pro rata 1.153 2S3 18
Commissions . and Brokerage duo '"" >iKW IS
and to become due 10S.867 29
Total Liabilities ......$2,611,692 15
INCOME.
Net cash actually received tot Tin
premiums $2,922,078 03
Received for Interest on Bends and
Mortgages SO. 562 32
. Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans and,
from all other sources 153 goo 7a
Received for Rents 4)4^ j*
Total Income .$3.H5.»47 85
EXPENDITURES. . -
\Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(including $195,536 C4. losses of
previous years) $1 430 ISft it
Dividends to Stockholders ISO mX tJ>
Paid or allowed for Commission or iou>uw °°
Brokerage BB1 »,*, na
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other OD - l ' a — os
charges for officers, clerks, etc.. I'M <wu xr
Paid for State. National and Loqai ~ I#5)6 * 57
tajces .': .....A fi7«Mx«!«
AH other payments and ixpendl- '"""•» **
tures - ¦ 313.558 29
. Total Expenditures -$2 734 741 07
Losses Incurred during the 7ezT...jl.U5%3. 19
Risks and Premiums. Fire Rlska. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks ~~ ~ "~*
written during the f
expired during the
Ne y t ea a r mount-in 'force SUM1
December 81. 1901.. 402.150.165 4,064,770 00
A. W. DAMON', President.
_ . „ _, "VV.- J. MACKAT. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 21st
day of January. 1902.
PERCY S. GATES, Notary- Publlo.
ST-A-TEn^ElSTT
OP THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
"The soreness has left my stom-
ach entirely and I am free from
indigestion and dyspepsia, and will
say to all who are troubled with
catarrh or stomach trouble of any
kind, don't put it off and suffer, but
begin to take Feruna right away, and
keep it up until you are cured, as
you surety will be if you persevere.
"My wife, as many in the southwest
can say, was troubled with a bad cough
and bronchial trouble, and doctors all
over the country gave her up to die, as
they could do nothing more for her. She
began taking Peruna with the result that
she is better now than she has been In
years, and her cough has almost left her
entirely. The soreness has left her lungs
and she is as well as she ever was in her
life, with thanks, as she says, to Peruna.
Yours very truly, T. P. MOODY."
Catarrh in its various forms is rapidly
becoming a general curse. An undoubt-
ed remedy has been discovered by Dr
Hartman. This remedy has been thor-
oughly tested during the past forty years.
Prominent men have come to know of its
virtues, and are making public utterances
on the subject. To save the country we
must save the people. To save the people
we must protect them from disease. The
disease that is. at once the most prevalent
and stubborn of cure is catarrh.
If one were to make a list of the differ-
ent names that have been applied to ca-
tarrh in different locations and organs
the result would be astonishing. We
have often published a partial list of
these names, and the surprise caused by
the first publication of it to all people,
both professional and non-professional
Was amusing. And yet we have never
-.. Colonel T. P. Moody, a prominent
Knight Templar, is well known in every
city in the United States west of Buffalo,
N. Y., as a Jeweler's Auctioneer. In the
city of Chicago as a prominent lodge
man, being a member of the K. T. f s and
also of the Masons. The cut shows Colo-
nel Moody in the costume of the Oriental
Consistory Masons, 32nd degree.
In a recent letter from 5900 Michigan
avenue, Chicago, 111., .Mr. Moody says
the following:
"For over twenty-five years I
suffered from catarrh, and tor over
ten years I suffered from catarrh of
the stomach terribly.
"I hav3 taken all kinds of medi-
cines and havs been treated by all
kinds of doctors, as thousands of
my acquaintances aro aware in
different parts of the United States,
where I havs traveled, but my relief
was only temporary, until a little
over a year ago I start sd to take
Peruna, and at the present time I
am better than I have been for
twenty years.
. . " ¦ .'.'•»¦ '•
ADVEETISEMENTS.
I Takes Precedence
. In alUhe best Hotels, Clubs,
Cafes and the buffets of
private families in America
VmtmA X'Jl (Lao tvi
l&jjm Baltimore
i»I&cSft^*raM'i*H It is the favorite
ZZ3 * 285 California St., San Fr»ncisco,CaUfI
Telephone Main J73. • vl ""vSays Companion Did Shooting.
On the second floor will be the women's
quarters, insane cella and rooms for vag
rants. The jail building will be equipped
with all modern Improvements, including
electricity, steel cells and flreprooflng.
In the basement will be located the
kitchen, laundry, heating plant and baths.
The first story will be devoted to the
jailers' quarters and offices and the crim
inal department. The latter will contain
six modern steel cells, with room for six
additional cells when required. , The ays
tern used is the so-called corridor plan,
with the cells In the. center of the build
ing, all facing the inside corridor and
four feet away from, the- exterior walls
of the bulldinsr.
SACRAMENTO. May 21.— John Driscoll,
an old and well . known foundryman, a
member of the firm, of Root, Neilsen &
Cc., died in this city this morning.
John Driscoll.
Effects of eruption confined to northern por
tion of island. St. Pierre and neighboring
villages totally destroyed. Thirty thousand a
fair estimate of loss of life' In the zone of de
struction; physical conditions' normal,' but peo
ple panic stricken. This condition was in
creased by yesterday's* eruption, which was
quite severe, but did not materially add to
desolation. Suppllea of all kinds sufficient for
right weeks. What has. been done was- just
what emergency demanded, • and - nothing
WASHINGTON. May 21.-Captain Gal
lagher, who Went to Martinique on the
Dixie, cabled to the War Department to
day from Fort de France: .
Have Plenty of Food.
Extravagant prices are demanded for
transportation. Those fortunate enough
to own small boats that arc sufficiently
seaworthy to make the -run from here
to the nearest islands are makine them
selves rich by taking awav those who
desire to escape the wrath of Mont
Pelee. Hundreds have gone and thou
sands arc waiting only for an opoortun
jty to jret away. Two men of creat dar
ing penetrated the island yesterday far
enough to set a glimpse of Mont Pelee
from inknd. They report that the en
tire northern p?rt of the island is run
ning with fire. The volcano is in con
slant convulsions. The men sav that
as clouds of smoke and fire lift the
Continued from Page One.
Many Wounded Will Not Recover.
.LONDON. May 22.— The correspondent
of the Daily. Mail at Kingstown, St. Vin
cent, describes in a dispatch the condi
tions on that island. He says that 60
per cent of the persons injured cannot
recover. The whole island resembles u
Sahara and the graves of humans and
the remains of animals are seen on every
side; Everywhere 1 On the Island the rivers
have been stopped by the dust or lava
ond in one valley the dust lies six feet
deep. -The deaths on St. Vincent were
caused by a blast of heated sulphurous
air. The rumor that another crater has
been formed. by the eruption of last Mon
day is untrue.
SANTA ANA. May 21.-Urlah L..Shaef
fer of West Orange died yesterday, aged
82 years. He was a native of Virginia,
and a pioneer resident of Oranee. .
PORTLAND. Or., May 21.— At noon to
day building operations in this city were
suspended, 2500 men laying down their
tools. -'.The general strike of , the building
trades is in sympathy with the planing
n'jlU employes, who demand a nine-hour
cay. It is stated that unless the demands
of the planingr.mill men are acceded to by
Saturday every union man in this! city
will go on strike. The Building Trades
Council has sent out, pickets to various
parts of the city to enforce the order for
a strike. - ' , . * ,-
It Is estimated that E00 business j builtl-
Incrs and residences are now under con
struction in this city/ ¦
pathy With the Planing Mill
Employes. , «
General-Strike Is Ordered in Sym-
BUILDING OPERATIONS
STOPPED IN PORTLAND
Stones Rain Upon Ruins.
DOMINICA, W. I., May 21.— When the
tug of the Herald syndicate newspapers,
tho M. K. Luckenbach, passed St. Pierre
Monday on its way back to San Juan.
Porto Rico." Mont Pelee was In violent
eruption. A column of ashes was reaching"
far into the sky and stones were rainln~
down upon the ruins of St. Pierre. For
ten miles out at sea the air was so thick
with . ashes that all on the vessel -were
compelled to. remain below deck to
breathe Iwlth any comfort.
Fire Destroys La Carbet.
'LONDON, -May 21.— A dispatch to the
Times. from Fort de France, Martinique,
says that a. jet of fire has destroyed the
town of La Carbet on the westtcoast of
Martinique, and that apprehension ig felt
for the safety of troops who were de
tached, on a special mission to this town
You Are Welcome.
-To-day the shoe manufacturer's sale be
gins.' 20,000 pairs 'of hand-seweel Good
year welt and hand-turned shoes for
women and men will and must be sold.
These shoes' were made by the best shoe
makers in America of vie! kid, patent calf
enamel, box,* velour and wax calf. The
very latest styles, flat, swing or straight
last/. Custom, Columbia or Newport toes
Cost $4.' The ; price will be only $215 a
pair at the Be« Hive Shoe Co., 717 Market
street, near Third. ; •
DOMINICA, B. W. I., May 21.— A sloop
which left Fort de France, Martinique,
yesterday afternoon, and which arrived
hero to-day reports as incorrect the state
m'ent that the eruption of May 20 occurred
bnck of Fort de France. This eruption
was -from Mont Pelee and dust and small
stones were thrown over Fort de France.
The sloop left her anchorage at Fort dc
France for a few hours yesterday morn
ing. When- she returned the eruption had
ceased. Sailing from Fort de France later
In the afternoon the sloop was- opposite
St. Pierre during last night and Mont
Pelee was then inactive. St. Pierre itself,
however, was still burnlnsr.
St. Pierre Still Burns.
The British second-class cruiser Inde
fatigable, with 273 men, has been at Mar
tinique for several days, and it was re
ported a few days a^o that another Brit
ish cruiser, presumably the Palace with a
complement of 190 men, had been ordered
The fleet of ships belonging to the vari
ous navies that are at and near Mar
tinique are not as numerous as would
have been the case but for the impression
prevailing a few days ago that the worst
was over. The United States has three
ships at Martinique: the protectid
cruiser Cincinnati, which carries a com
plement of 295 officers and men; the
training ship Dixie, which has aboard in
addition to her crew a large number of
persons who obtained permission from
the Government to accompany the expi
dition, swelling tho number of souls on
board of her to- about 225. and the ocean
going tug Potomac, with about forty
men. The collier Sterling, which was load
ed with provisions at Porto Rico, has left
Fort de France and returned to San Juan,
having discharged her supplies. The
French embassy reports that there is
only one warship of the Frencn. navy at
Martinique, the cruiser Suchet. She car
ries 335 officers and men. The French
flagship Tage, Admiral Seava.11. left Now
Orleans about ten days ago for Marti
nique to render such assistance as she
might, but was ordered to Havana to par
ticipate in the inauguration of President
Palma.
Great Britain— Indefatigable, 273 men.
United States— Cincinnati, 295 men;
Dixie, 200 passengers and men; Potomac,
40 men.
France— Suchet, 335 men.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 O ST. N. W.,
WASHINGTON. May 21.— Here is a list
of warships that are supposed to be in
the neighborhood of Martinique and that
can be. used to rescue people in case of
emergency:
Relief Work.
Warships That Are Available for the
READY TO CARRY REFUGEES.
The sound traveled from the south to
the southeast. The night was perfectly
clear. A number of persons gathered on
the seawall and timed the intervals • be
tween the reports. ; -;
The sounds were unlike thunder, having
no reverberating roll, and were unaccom
panied by decided tremors, while the sky
in the southeast was suffused with a glow.
The reports came at intervals of per
haps three minutes, and persons who re
member the earthquake at Charleston say
the noises were very similar to the sub
terranean noises accompanying that oc
currence.
ST. AUGUSTINE, Fla., May 21.-Almost
continuous shocks, presumably of earth
quake, were heard here from 9 o'clock un
til midnight last night. The earthquake
was accompanied by a succession of short
but decisive, reports like distant cannon
ading, seemingly from far out at sea.
of Strange Sounds.
FLORIDA IS SHAKEN.
People of St. Augustine Hear Series
The captain of the Horton reports that
when he passed St. Pierre the shores
seemed one living wave of fire. Streams
of fire poured down the sides of Mont
Pelee, the top of which was lost In a
cloud of dense black smoke. &
Many believe the culmination , of the
explosions that seem to be growing worse
will be the destruction of the entire isl
and of Martinique. • •
The steamship Horton has arrived from
Fort de France bringing 200 half dressed
women and children. The Salvador is ex
pected later bringing many more
refugees.
POINT- A-PITRE, Guadeloupe, May 21.
—From Fort de France comes word that
Mont Peleo is again In violent eruption.
With a terrific roar it is vomiting streams
or boiling mud and lava which are de
stroying: all that was left on the northern
half of the island. Mud. ashes and stones
with a thick stifling black smoke cover
Fort de France from which the people
have fled in a paroxysm of fear. A tide
higher than any ever known before is
recorded and it is reported that the town
of Basse Pointe* has been destroyed.
Will Be Destroyed.
Refugees Think Island of Martinique
MAKE DIRE PREDICTION.
further can be suggested. Government and
people most grateful. Dixie now discharging
part of cargo. AV111 proceed with what remains
to St. Vincent. .
CAPITOLA, May 21.— Delegates are still
coming to the Young Women's Christian
Association convention, though it will last
but a few days longer. Fifty-one of the
young ladies took a trip to the big trees
this afternoon. One of the gayest parties
consisted of five girls from Occidental
College in Los Angeles. They did their
own driving. -and, as the horses were
somewhat spirited, attracted considerable
attention. College songs and yells were
given on the way.
This was missionary day at the confer
ence. Several missionaries— all young and
attractive women— who are in America on
vacations are at the hotel, and addressed
the college girls.
Capitola Conference Enjoy
an Outing.
Fifty Young Ladies Attending the
COLLEGE GIRLS VISIT ]
THE BIG TREE GROVE
After the adjournment the Frank Tan
ning Company's plant was inspected. Thl3
evening -.a reception and entertainment
were tendered the visitors in Alhambra
Theater, concluding with a dance.
Marsden Manson delivered an address
on "Tho Recent Advancement in Road
building in the United States." . -
Major Sherman called attention to the
Sloat. monument soon to be erected in
Monterey, and urged all counties to con
tribute one stone to the foundation. The
vnrious members present pledged them
selves to bring this .subject before their
respective boards in the most favorable
light.
Supervisor Braunhart of. San Francisco
presented two resolutions, one condemn
ing Assembly constitutional amendment
No. 28, relating to a State commission to
have charge of certain commodities, such
as water., gas and electric light and
power, and tho other favoring Senate
constitutional amendment No. 3, exempt
ing: State, -county, municipal and district
bonds from taxation. He. recommended
that these questions be referred to the
Boards of Supervisors, with the request
that everything be done on election day
to bring about the defeat of the one and
the passage of the other.
¦ To-morrow Hon. J. A. Filchcr will ad
dress the . convention on "Advertisement
and- Promotion," and it was the sense of
the delegates that this subject be made
a special order for discussion Immediate
ly following the address.
Thomas D 1 . White of San Bernardino
County, who was to have delivered a.
speech on "Oiled Roads," was unable to
be present, .but sent a report reviewing
his county's experience ¦ with oil. The
method '-of distributing the oil was ex
plained in detail, and White reported that
it had proved very satisfactory-
REDWOOD CITY, May 21.— The eighth
annual convention of Boards of Supervi
sors opened in this place to-day and will
remain in session until Friday. Repre
sentatives of the following named coun
ties answered the rollcall: San Luis
Obispo, Santa Cruz, Sonoma, San Fran
cisco, San "Bernardino, Ventura, Contra
Costa, Napa, Sacramento, San Joaquln
and San Mateo.. Other delegations are
expected to arrive to-morrow/ morning.
The convention was called to order at 2
o'clock in the Courthouse, by P. H. Mc-
Evoy, chairman of the Board of Super
visors of San Mateo County, who extend
ed to the visitors the welcome of San Ma
teo County. The Supervisors then effect
ed an organization by selecting Super
¦vJsor McEvoy for permanent chairman
and H. W. Sohaberg, deputy county clerk
o£ San Mateo County., for secretary. All
visiting county officers other than Super
visors .were made members of the con
vention".
Two committees were appointed by the
chairman— one on resolutions, composed
uf Supervisors Randall, Smith, Baldwin,
Davis and Austin, and the other on leg
islation and judiciary, consisting of Su
pervisors Schafer, Holbrook, Braunhart,
Bush and Brooks.-
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The officials of tha Ministry of ths Col
onlos were much disturbed by this morn-
Ing's dispatches from Fort de France.
Thtv thought the worst was over, but the
cable messages seem to indicate that an
other catastrophe is impending.
The dispatches received here also refer
to the departure of Governor 1'Huerrere,
accompanied by Senator Knight, president
of the Legislature of" Martinique, yester
day morning, on the French cruiser Sa
chet, to reconnoiter in the direction of the
volcano. . .
PARIS. May 21.— Governor 1'Huerrere of
the island of Tvlartinique, In a cable dis
patch from Fort de France, dated Tues
day May 20, confirms tho dispatches of
yesterday, saying that at 5:15 o'clock yes
terday morning the same phenomena ap
peared as on the morninsj of May 8— a
rain of stones, flashes of light and sounds
of explosions In the direction of Mont
Pelee. The population of Fort de France
was panic-stricken and later dispatches,
under yesterday's d.ite, say that fire was
falling at L,e Carbet and (hat the inhab
itants and troous had evacuated the place.
No further fatalities had occurred.
Martinique.
REPORTED BY THE GOVERNOR
Trench Official Tells of Conditions on
Many California Super
visors Meet in Red
wood City.
With 350 tons of relief supplies on
board the steamship Regina Regente ar
rived this morning.
About the grave stood officers,
marines and sailors from the Cincin
nati and the Potomac. The gloom was
made more intense by the knowledge
held by each one present that his own
life was in imminent danger. A salute
was fired by the volcano that had
brought destruction upon the Consul.
While the service was being read there
\yas a succession of deep, sullen detona
tions, that might have come from great
guns belonging to a mighty fleet. As
the grave was being filled a cloud of
ashes came over the city and a darkness
of night followed.
Never before was there a burial such
as was to-day given to the .body of
Thomas T. Prentis, the American Con
sul at St. Pierre. The bodv. recovered
from the ruins at the risk of the lives of
the men who were sent ashore from the
Potomac, was taken to the cemetery
back of Fort de France. There . were
brief services at the grave led bv Com
mander McLean of the Cincinnati.
PELEE FIRES SALTJTE.
mountain can be seen throwing: out
great quantities of lava and hot mud.
which is so liquid that it flows like water
and is filling the valleys with lakes,
from which a sickening, sulphurous
vapor rises.
FORT DE FRANCE IS BOMBARDED.
To-day there is an .alarming report
from a credible source that Enham Moun
tain, near the Marriaquia Valley, an old
and apparently extinct crater, is showing
fciens of activity. This volcano is on'.v
six miles from Kingstown. -
A thick, smoky cloud overspreads the
island, all business is suspended here, the
Ktreots are empty and every one is ter
ror stricken. The feeling' of suspense is
painful. People pass their time gazing at
the northern $ky, where the thunder
clouds gather aiid the mournful roaring
of the volcano is heard.
Kingstown is now congested and the de
irarid on the Government is increasing
rapidly as more and more people are
obliged to leave their homes and business.
The continuous agitation of the volcano
and the absence of rain has caused the
vicinity of the afflicted villages to look
like portions of the desert of Sahara.
The viilagers who had fled to Chauteau
Belair and Georgetown for safety are now
pouring into Kingstown, this being the
farthest town from the Soufriere.
The Royal Mail steamer Wear is bring
ing refugees here from Chateau Belair.
Reports received here from the districts
in the vicinity of the volcano say that
the rumblings of the craters were appall-
Ikj; and that streams of lava were flow
ing down the mountain side.
The inhabitants were frenzied with fear
at the time of the outbreak, dreading a
repetition of the catastrophe which caused
such terrible loss of life on this island.
They ran from the streets into the open
country, crying and praying for preserva
tion from another calamity. No one on
the island of St. Vincent slept that night.
While the worshipers were returning
from church at 3:30 p. m. an alarming
cioud suddenly ascended many miles high
in the north of the island and drifted
sluggishly to the northeast. Incessant
lightning fell on the mountain, and one
etvere flash seemed to strike about three
miles from Kingstown. The thunderous
rumblings in the craters lasted for two
hours and then diminished until they be
came mere murmurings. The remainder
of the night was clear. Ashes fell from
10 o'clock until midnight.
Sunday the adjoining districts
trembled and some of the shocks - were
felt here. Smoke issued from the craters
and ftssiires of the mountain, and the at
mosphere throughout the Island of St.
VJncent was exceedingly hot.
KINGSTOWN, Island of St. Vincent,
Monday, May 19. — A great erup
tion of the Soufriere volcano oc
curred last nig-ht. Throughout
to render assistance at St. Vincent. It
is not known in Washineton whether the
Danish cruiser Valkyren is at St. Thomas
or Martinique. She made one trip to Mar
tinique, with relief supplies immediately
after the destruction of St. Pierre, but
returned to St. Thomas. The belief, how
ever, is that she is again within the vol
cano belt.
Inhabitants Are Frenzied by Fear and Are Seeking Refuge at
Kingstown in Great Numbers.
FIREPROOF STRUCTURE SOON
TO HOUSE COUNTY PRISON
ERS AT MARTINEZ.
LA SOUFRIERE'S CRATER ON ISCE
OF ST. VINCENT IS STILL ACTIVE
It is said the faculty'wlll refuse him ad
mittance, under an order passed by the
joint board of normal trustees at Los An
geles some time . ago. The case will get
into the courts again. Miller has also at
tended.the normal schools at Los Angeles,
San Diego and Chico.
SAN JOSE, May 21.— Henry E. ; Miller,
who gained much notoriety because of be
ing refused graduation at the State Nor
mal School, as the faculty deemed him
mentally unfit, will attempt to re-enter
the institution next Monday morning.
When Miller was turned away from
school he had completed all his studies
but manual training. The trustees passed
a resolution authorizing his dismissal.
Miller appealed to the courts and the Su
preme Court decidod he could attend the
school. Under this ruling Miller will try
to enroll." ' : ~ ••***?'?• '
Defy Supreme Court by
Barring Him.
MILLER WILL ATTEMPT
TO RE-ENTER THE NORMAL
Faculty of San Jose Institution "May
COUNTY FATHERS
IN CONVENTION
The designs show a building of classic
architecture and absolutely fireproof. The
interior will be of steel and concrete and
the exterior of granite. No woodwork
will enter into the construction, and all
the finishings are to be of metal. The
structure will consist of two stories and
a basement. ,
tects, of San Francisco, and are
evidence that it will be an imposing struc
ture. The jail will cost $50,000. The con
tract for its construction was awarded
last week.
MARTINEZ, May 21.— The plan3
for Contra Costa County's new
jail have. v been completed by
¦William Mooser & Son,, archi-
The discovery has caused great uneasi
ness. Thus far no one has undertaken
to explore the cave, but an investigation
will be made. Some are of the opinion
that it is an old mining drift, but nor^s
of the pioneers can recall any work being
done in that vicinity. There is naturally
great anxiety as to what an investigation
will disclose concerning the under-surface
foundations of the city.
An examination was. made and it was
found that the opening in the, street was
about eighteen' inches ,ih diameter. It
went down into an inky blackness. A
lantern was procured and, lowered into
the cave. About twenty feet of rope was
let out and the lantern swung free each
way. The light showed that there was
a long tunnel or passage running length
wise of the street. It was quite dry and
looked as though it had once been the
bed of a stream. The crust which covered
this cavern was only eight inches thick
and heavy teams had passed over it but
a few minutes previously.
SONORA, May 1 2L— A «reat cavern—^
possibly a network of .subterranean . pas
sages—underlies the business ' center of
Sonora. This startling .discovery was
made to-day. Along. the main street of
the town • the ' roof of the cavern is in
some places only a few inches thick, and
how it has sustained the weight and jar
of traffic during .all the years since the
town was built is hard to understand.
Miss Ventre. the .daughter of 'a mer
chant, was \ crossing Main street to-day.
When she was Just opposite the Wilzinskl
store the pavement suddenly .gave way
and her foot shot through a large hole
which suddenly opened in. the street. Sh'e
screamed with fright and a passerby went
to her rescue and extricated her. ¦'
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Opening in. the Thoroughfare Reveals
Long Passageway Resembling }
the Dry 'Bed' of a /
Biver. •.
Pavement Suddenly Collapses
Beneath Young j Woman v
Pedestrian.
Its Roof Only a Few
Inches Thick Along
Main Street.
CAVERN LIES
UNDER TOWN
OF SONORA
JTHE SAN FRANCISea CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 22, 1902.
Architects GompleteYthe Plans for an Imposing Fifty Thou
sand Dollar Structure of Steel and Granite That Will
Be Equipped With- All Up-to-Date Improvements
MODERN JAIL TO HOUSE VIOLATORS
OF LAW IN CONTRA COSTA COUNTY
BUTTE, Mont.. May 21.— James Len
nox, who -with Charles Martin was cap
tured at Dillon yesterday afternoon on
suspicion of being one of the murderers
of Fireman John R. "Williams, who was
killed at Silver Bow while resisting two
hold-ups, broke down completely under
the continued "sweating" to-day and con
fessed the crime, declaring, however, that
his pal, Martin, fired the shot that killed
"Williams.
3
Established 1823.
W8LS0N
That's All!
JAKE JOSEPH. ReoresenUUve. 3 00 Battery Street. San Francl.c<x
ADVERTISEMENTS.
fillrWV WWl fctsttrvly^ S *a-Ux*tiv^.
S^\$''rf-^ : /S^ :^ / Syrup of Figs appeals to the cultured and the
P. yC/i^:£{!// x^?£&%mS II well-informed and to the healthy, because its com-
jQf~\ J\/.'S*s& ' ~ """" - ¦~^jiMb$m'\ // ponent parts are simple and wholesome and be-
: : cause it acts without disturbing the natural func-
F'/aS^ lip :^^^^^$^^^k tions, as it is wholly free from every objectionable
lr /ff-}\- 'V-^.-x v^^^i^^^^os quality or substance. In the process of
/ ¦ >*"' " '^^aw*"* manufacturing figs are used, as they are
/fry -^' : " M^^^^^r^ ! ' pleasant to the taste, but the medicinal
/gji'i-v, -""* T -^fs^ virtues' of Syrup of Figs are obtained
IS^W^^i^^^^^^^l^Ks *t£<83$?/ f rom an excellen t combination of plants
WW&^^^SS^^^^^^mM/ Ww% known to be medicinally laxative and to
%^^^^^^^M^Sf \'m$ />-x act most beneficially.
\W^^M^^^^^^^^ 0r /-Pi*' To S et its be neficial effects— buy the
\^^^^^^^^^^^" W4 £\l'i00 g enuine — manufactured by the
'^SAWM^shi 1 '- mi .
y4W$$6& LouiavillerKy... rt6wYork;N.Y;
"""~^z0* p oc by jklli'-.<lrurfrfi'atd» Priceififtycents per* bottle.
N/ It is time Ml
I to order |S 3
jn oi\e of o\ir IN;
\ Afl A* 00 * / H
i| \ manic \\
1 \ X to order / II
i V';. •sMi is 1 / |S I
":\ / It is time \ \ j
¦ . . / to order the \ I \
: ;-.- / suit now, for \ . r ' j
: . /. summer is \ ': J
: /- here. ' ;o\ v J . j
/ Be seasonable in your dress — \ ; ;J
: / in summer months wear light \ : -J
• / summery patterns. : A* w 4
I 1* ncc^ not cost you much to wear \ £ j
/ seasonable clothes — we have some styl- \ ;' j
¦ I ish dressy materials that make into swell sack suits for\ •• 3
• "I /'.$1O. The goods are all wool and the workmanship is\ ¦ I.
I For your protection we guarantee each suit — and you 1 ' J,
'M\ I • We would be pleased to- give you a number of samples '. u
I to take home for comparison. ;I -.J-
Suits for out-of-town customers satisfactorily made through » .¦J:
¦ o^r self-measuring system— write for samples. ¦• j
- 1 718 Market St. and Cor. Powell and Eddy Sts / jSIGHTS PRESENTED AT THE ANNUAL, PICNIC GIVEN BY THE BUTCHERS' BOAR!) OF TRADE YESTERDAY
AT SHELL. MOUND PARK. MORE. THAN 20,000 PEOPLE FiLLED THE PICNIC GROUNDS AND THE OAK
.-.-.,< LAND RACETRACK AND ENJOYED THE VARIED* PROGRAMME.- - -" - i '¦-'¦• . .
¦ ... . ' ¦¦¦ 9 :::«nv *. ; cv"' . W., . ¦¦-,-"
°nd. G. S.lqampbeirs El Mldo third. Time.
Running race, one mile — Won by W. Flan
ery^s Rio Chlco, G. Earl's Knocklngs second.
G. Andrew's Rainier third. Time, 1:45.
Free for all trotting: and pacing race — Won
rm- H- MP u . nIap> £ Kln S Cadenra, Frank Her-
Au l r!lla M !r SS { O n ?rd Glr T^ e e C . 0 &&. P ' JefferS ° n ' 8
™n ree 4? r aU tr °tt«n«r and pacing? race, two
miles— Won by H. Dunlap's King Cadenza. S.
«r-?A^Sto S thSS. S9COn<1 - MelV " le SchWCU -
Three-quarter mile running race — Won by
D. Camron's Mallhawa, Piedmont Stables'
Time las"* 1 ' T " Goddard ' s Beau Monde third.
Running race, six furlongs— Won by Al
™ . oner Eellials second, Mrs. C. third. Time.
X 1X0. *
Four and a 1 half furlongs — Won by Gibraltar.
Casdale Becond, Parizade third.
One mile race— Won by Billy Lyons, Donee
second. Young Morello third.
¦ The last three races were special events.
.The success of the picnic was due to
tne efforts of the following committees,
Captain J. H. McMenomy being president
and ex-offlcio chairman of all committees:
T , <^? n ? 1 ? 1 committee of arrangements— James
Hall (chairman), Henry Miller, Sam C. Ham
mond, John Hayden. R. Wannemacher, Georee
Katz. S. Clayburg, Fred Cairns, S. E. Nutting
M. Glennan. O. G, Newhall. Henry Moffat!
Henry Levy. K. Wertheimer. B. J. Horn J
McDermott. P. Michelletti, E. F. Smiddy' t"
E. Daverksen, J. Schuwan, Harry Munson' e"
J. Convey. M. Schweitzer, A. Brady, D. Roth'
Leon Stone. J. W. Phillips, F. Patek and U. M
Slater.
Race track— Henry Westphal (chairman), J
Nowlan, B. L. Fisher. Henry W. Garner R
Consani, M. Clayburgh, E. J. Taaflte, U* M*
Slater, Bert Coombs, Sam C. Hammond, l'
-Paly, J. Westphal and G. Andrews. -
Gates at race track— Fred Becker (chairman)
J. Blethen and Fred Kuhnle. . ''
Gates at Shell Mound — A. Buttner (chair
man), C. Blunck and W. G. Eckstein.
Games at Shell Mound — H. Schrelber (chair
man); Fred Aat and W. H. Liele.
Printing — D. A. Huntemann (chairman) J
Nolthenius and F. Merrill.
Finance — Lewis Nonnemann. H. C. Flageol
let, H. Meyn, F. Runde and Charles Reddy.
Music— F. C. Winters, San Francisco and
M. O'Connell, Oakland. -. ' ..
LONDON, May 21.— The American polo
playera defeated the Hurlingham team to
day by seven goals to one. The gam©
was one-sided throughout.
ELT7E BANNER FIRST
ON MORRIS PARK TRACK
V/ins a Race for Maiden Two-Year-
Olda in Clever Style Over Four
and a Half Furlongs.
NEW YORK. Ifay 21.— Morris Park results:
First race, hurdle handicap, mile and three
quarters, over se-ven hurdles — Valdez won
Rowdy second. McGrathlana Princ» third.
Time. 3:32}i.
Second race, maiden three-year-olds and up,
Eclipso course — Numeral won, Frankfort sec
ond. Busy Lady third. Time, 1:13.
Third race, the Gajety. for fillies, four and 1
half furlongs — Mary Street won. Duster second.
Love Note third. Time. :&4%.
Fourth .race, last seven furlonss of Withers
mile — Smoke won. Belvino second. Time.
1:27 J,J. Two starters.
Fifth race. Van Conrtlandt handicap, last
seven furlongs of Withers mile — Lady Uncas
won. Gay Boy second. Hanover Queen third.
Time. 1:27. Himself finished third but was
disqualified, . ¦ >
Sixth race. "Withers mile, selling — Vassal
Dance . won. Routrh Rider - second, ilarothen
third. Time. 1:43.
Seventh race, maiden two-year-olds four
anil a half furlonss — Blue Banner won, Eugenia
Burch second. -Invincible third. Time. :54%. .
LOUISVILLE, Ky., May 21.-^ChurcWll
Downs results:
First race, selling, six and a half furlongs-
Lovable won. J J T second. Staff third. Time,
1:23^.
Second race, six furlongs — Henry Zltt won.
Golden Glitter second. South Elkhorn third
Time, 1:19. .
Third race, selling, four and a half furlongs
— Style won. Flash of Light second, Maghone
third. • Time, :57&.
Fourth race, selling, five »furlongs — Scortte
won, Almanzo second. Myrtle Dell third
Time. 1:04.
Fifth race, selling, six furlonsrs^ — Chorus Boy
won. Foneda second. Nannie J third. Time,
1:18%.
Sixth race, selling-. on« mil* — Glenzen won
Itoctataria second, Flossie King third. Time
1-AQVi.
CHICAGO. May 21.— Worth results:
First race, five furlongs — Lcla L won. Belle
Graham second. Mario B third. Time 1-09 4-5
Second race, six furlongs — Ben Frost won'
Botany second. Lecture third. Time, 1:21 2-5*
Third race, four and a. hair furlongs — The
Don won. Josetta second. Goodman third Time
1:00. ¦• '
Fourth race, mile and a sixteenth— Marnes
won. C. B. Campbell second, Lennep third
Time. 1:56 3-5.
Fifth race, seven furlongs — Pirate's Queen
won. Jerry Hunt second, Oxnard third. Tlme
1:37.
Sixth race, one mile— Major Manslr won.
Blessed Damosel second, Merops third. v Tlm«,
1:45 4-5.
ST. LOUIS, May 21.— Fair Grounds results:
First race, four and a half furlongs— J. Sid
ney Walker won. Avoid second. Happy ChaDDy
third. Time. :56H. vw
Second race, mile and twenty yards, selling
— Lakeview- Belle won. Orris- second Varney
third. Time. 1:43%. * y
Third race, five and a half furlongs selling
— Sinn won. Julia Junkln second. Joe Goss
third. Time. 1:07%.'
Fourth race, mlfe and a sixteenth — Crimean
won. Found second. Petit Maitre third. Time
1:47%.
Fifth race, mile and three-sixteenths selling
— Love's Labor won. Chickamauga second
Prince Real third. Time. 2:02%.
Sixth race, seven furlongs, selling — Tlckfal
won. Red Apple second. ' Doe3kin third. Time,
When the two boxers signed articles it
was agreed the referee should be appoint
ed one week before the contest, which is
scheduled to be decided at Woodward's
Pavilion one week from to-night. If they
do not select a referee before midnieht
to-night it will fall to tne lot of Alex.
Greggains of the Sail Francisco Athletic
Club, under whose a*uspices the contest
will be brought off, to name the referee.
Both principals are training faithfully
for the bout. Lavigne is working hard
at the Six Mile House under the direction
of Mark Shaugnessy and Canadian Frank,
while Britt is putting the finishing touches
to his training over at Croll's Gardens.
His trainers. Spider Kelly and Charles
Reno, say their man Is in better shape
than he has ever been in his life except
for an injured foot, which he bruised sev
eral days ago on the road.
Britt's brother, who performs the same
offices for Jimmy as Billy Lavigne does
for the sturdy Saginaw lad, entered £.1
objection to the selection of anybody from
any of the neighboring towns on the
grdund that there was plenty of local ma
terial to choose from. And thus the mat
ter stands.
Phil Wand, Eddie Graney, Jim Kennedy.
Young Mitchell, Jimmy McDevitt, Milton
Hayes, Jim McDonald' and several other
men were mentioned as ellgibles for the
place, but Billy Lavigne, who looks after
his brother's business interests, objected
on the ground' that they came either from
south of Market street or from the Olym
pic Club. "1 will entei^a serious objection
to anybody who lives south of Market
street or is a member of the Olympic
Club," said Billy Lavigne while the ar
gument was going on. "Not that any of
the men mentioned are not good, honest
sportsmen, but I want a referee who has
absolutely no chance to be influenced by
neighborly friendship. Everybody know3
that Britt is extremely popular south
of-the-slot and in the Olympic Club, and
I won't stand for a referee from either
place."
The respective managers of boxers Kid
Lavlgne and Jimmy Britt are haggling
over the referee question. Thev met last
night at Harry Corbett's and considered
several names, . but after a consultation
that lasted over an hour they left the
place without selecting the man who will
officiate as the third man in the ring.
The Saginaw Kid Objects to
the Majority of Local
-
Managers of Britt and
Lavigne Are at a
Deadlock. 7-
FAIL TO NAME
THEIR REFEREE
Three-base hits — Eagan. Two-base hits —
Francks. Streib, Dunleavy. Sacrifice .hits —
Hulen. Waiters. First base on errors — Oakland
«, Sacramento 2. First base on called balls —
Oft Cristall 4, off Schmidt 4, off Thomas 4.
Left on base* — Oakland 8, Sacramento 14.
Struck out — By Schmidt 7, by Thomas 5. Hit
by pitcher— Hulen, Mohler. Double plays —
Hulen to Unglaub to Eagan, Sheehan to Eagan,
Doyle to Francks, Francks to Streib. Wild
pitches — Schmidt. Time of gams — 3 hours and
35 minutes. Umpire — McDonald.
SUMMARY.
WASHINGTON, May 21.— Arthur E.
Duffey, the world's . amateur champion
sprinter, and A. M. Thompson, graduate
manager of athletics at Georgetown, will
sail for England on June 16. At Wolver
ton Duffy will enter the coronation sports
set for June 28. He will then compete in
England Ireland, Scotland and Wales.
Duffey Will Race in Europe.
CHICAGO, May 21. — Tommy Burns, ac
cording to rumor from reliable sources,
will have the mount on Lucky Baldwin's
Cruzados in the American Derby. Cru
zados will be set down for his real work
for the American Derby early in the com
ing week, and the general public
will then begin to learn something definite
of the way the present favorite in the
winter book will shape up for the great
event on Saturday, June 21. The colt has
fully recovered from the long journey
from Los Angeles. So far the change in
climate, food and water seems to agree
with him. Escalante, a second Derby
choice of Lucky Baldwin's string, on
which Ransom will have the mount, is in
quite as good condition as his stable com
panion. Wise ones say he will surprise
those who overlook him in the Derby
event.
Tommy Burns "Will Bide Cruzados.
. When the party was about to separate
"Kitz" addressed Delaney, saying he had
no feeling over what had passed between
them In recent months and asked Delaney
to shake hands, which they did.
After a brief discussion "Fitz" said:
"I'll tell you what I'll do, 'Jeff;' I'll leave
the naming of the club to you. I know
you're on the ball and I have no prefer
ence." .... ,
Jeffries said: "I'll make it the San
Francisco Athletic Club. That club: has
the sanction for July and is responsible."
Some* discussion ensued as to forfeit
meney. Jeffries produced a 'wad of bills
of startling proportions, which he wanted
to post at once. As "Fitz" has $2500 up
in New York, it was decided to put up all
the forfeits at the meeting to-morrow
afternoon. Sam Thall will be the final
stakeholder.
The question of referee was quickly set
tled. Harrv Corbett's name was first
suggested, but he positively refused to
act. Delaney suggested Jack Welch and
"Fitz" came back with the names of L.
R; Fulda and Eddie Graney,
"Graney suits us," said Delaney, and
he was chosen. ' .•¦•
"Fitz" and Jeffries shook hands over the
selection of the referee.
CHOOSING THE CLUB:
Before the bids were opened "Fitz"
broached the subject of soft bandages.
Jeffries quickly withdrew his opposition
and the matter was settled before those
in attendance realized it. Some extended
discussion was expected on this point.
There was a bewildering array of bids.
Before Mr. South commenced to read them
Jim Neill asked if the fight would go to
the highest bidder. Billy Delaney ex
plained it would go to the highest respon
sible bidder. ' , _
The first bid opened was from the Cen
tury Athletic Club, which offered 75 per
cent of the gro«s receipts, any money re
ceived from pictures to go to the fighters.
The Arcade Athletic Club of Oakland
offered 80 per cent; Bay City Athletic
Club, 80 per cent; Century Athletic Club,
Los Angeles, 80 per cent; Empire Athletic
Club, 75 per cent; Yosemite Athletic Club,
G6 2-3 per cent; Berkeley Athletic Club
(unidentified). 90 per cent; San Francisco
Athletic Club, 70 per cent. The latter bid
was in the form of a concise statement
of the boxing situation in this city. It
also recited the fact that the bid was the
largest any club could afford to offer if
it hoped to handle the fight properly.
Some of the club representatives then
explained their bids. "Fitz" proposed
that he and Jeffries retire and have a
talk over the bids. The fighters with
their representatives and the newspaper
men* then retired to an adjoining room.
The opening of the .bids was a ceremo
nious proceeding. In the center, of the
room was a table, on one side of which sat
"Fitz," supported by Clark Ball and Tom
Wilson. Jeffries sat opposite with Billy
Delaney on his left and Kid Eagan on his
right. Grouped about the room were many
well known sporting men. On one side
sat Harry Corbetf, Colonel Brady, Jack
Welch and Alex Greggains, while opposite
them were Phil Wand, Eugene Van Court,
Eddie Graney and lesser lights.
BEWILDERING ABBAY OF BIDS.
When the. boxers commenced to discuss
Ihe bids it, was found the San' Francisco
Club was in line to receive the permit for
July. The men • want to fight in this
month, hence their acceptance of the
club's offer. . ' . .
Jeffries withdrew his objection to soft
surgical bandages. Eddie - Graney was
chosen referee. The fighters will receive
70 per cent of the gross receipts. Of this
the winner will receive 60 per cent and the
loser 40 per cent. - ¦
James- J. Jeffries will defend his title
to the heavyweight boxing championship
of tho world in this city early in July.
The champion met Fitzsimmons yester
day afternoon in the Central Theater and
the boxers acting in harmony the de
tails of the big fight were quickly ar
ranged. It will be handled by the San
Francisco Athletic Club, of • which -Alex
Greggalns Is president. The date was not
determined upon,- that detail, being left
for decision until ¦» to-morrow afternoon,
when the men. will meet again to sign the
articles which, will be prepared in the
meantime. ' ..
AB.R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Walters, cf 5 10 0 4 0 0
Mohler, 2b 7 1 0 0 4 1 1
6trcib, lb 7 0 2 0 21 0 U
McCreedie. rt 4 0 0 01 0 0
J^evereaux, 3b, p.... 8 0 0 0 110 2
Dunleavy, Sb, II 6 0 1 1 10 0 O
Francks. ss ....6 1 2 1 7 5 0
Gorton, c 7 0 0 07 1 O
CriBtall. p. If 0 0 0 0 10 0
Bchmidt. p 7 110 0 5 1
MoEkiman, rf 3 0 0 0 1 0 0
•Lohman 1 0 0 0 0 0 0
Total» 57 4 6 2 6? 22 ~4
•Batted for Moskiman In nineteenth inning.
• SACRAMENTO.
AB. K.-BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Doyle, cf 8 0 2 0 7 1 n
Hulen. 2b 7 1 3 2 3 2 *>
Eheehan. 3b 8 1 0 2 6 7 1
Eapran, lb 8 0 2 0 21 0 0
Graham, c 7 0 0 0 6 2 0
T'nelaub. fs ..¦'. S 1 2 1 3 7 k
"Wagner, If 6 0 0 0,6 0 1
Hogan, rf 8 0 0 0*5 0 O
Thomas, p 7 1 1 0 0 5 O
Totals 63 4 10 5 57 24 "9
liCNS AXD HJTS BY INNINGS.
Eacramcnto 210000000000000100 0 4
Base hits 000001100001101300 2 10
Oakland .. 002010000000000100 0 4
Base hits ©-C2 010001000000110 0 C
OAKLAND.
In the sixteenth Unglaub hit out a
single to left field and was safe at sec
ond 'on Schmidt's error of Wagner's bunt.
He scored on Thomas' little single into
left territory. Oakland tied the score in
Its half of the same round on Schmidt's
single to left, Wagner's fumble of the ball.
Walters' sacrifice and TJnglaub's error of
Mohler's short drive. Xeither side was
able to score after this. Umpire McDon
ald called the game at the end of the
nineteenth inning, with the score four all
and the clock saying 7:35.
McCreedie was not feeling well and re
tired in the seventh in favor of Dr. Mosk
iman, whom Pete Lobman batted for In
the nineteenth. Francks took fifteen
chances at short without the slightest
kind of an error. Old Truck Eagan crack
ed out a long three-cushion swipe in the
thirteenth, when only one was out, and
etill he could not reach home. Dunleavy
had ten chances in left field and accept
ed them all, while Unglaub managed to
pile up five miscues in his beat around
short- The score:
It was a great pitchers' battle from the
Sfth round till the grand finish. Neither
tide could score, though both had. men
«n bases and were not without chances,
fiacramemo's Jnfleld was unsteady and
»nade numerous bad errors. ¦ Strange to
say only one of them was responsible for
the runs scored. \
The sixteenth inning rolled around and
society swells began to arrive rn dress
suits. Working men, finished with the
day's bitter toil, came without dress suits.
People all over Oakland heard about the
fun and hied themselves hither In the
hope of seeing some excitement. They
¦were not disappointed, for they had the
pleasure of beholding five or six extra
rounds.
The third brought two to the Ewing
camp on hits by Francks and Strieb and
l he score read three all in the fifth, when
Ctreib's hot two-cushioner brought the
flat-hoofed llohler in from first. ,
The next round brought forth another
Senatorial tally, Thomas butting in from
third on the thro,w of Sheehan's fly from
left field. Thomas, in fact, did not run
at all, claiming Dunleavy held him at
third, which claim McDonald upheld.
Tliis made the score board three to
nothing, with the Senators still holding
onto the bulky end.
Devereaux spoiled Oakland's chances
in the opening fusillade. Doyle was an
«asy out, but Cristall got a whack in the
solar plexus and took first. He went to
third on Mohler's error of Sheehan's drive.
Shee ban. immediately pilfered the middle
cushion. The next man was duck soup
for that infield of Ewing*s, but Wagner
hit an easy on© to Devereaux. Brick
seemed to be thinking of home and
mother or old times at Casey's Cafe. In
stead of simply touching the third sta-
Tion and forcing Sheehan, who was tear
ing from second, he threw over Streib's
head and both Hulen and Sheehan scored.
The stonewall Infield of the Oakland
team did phenomenal stunts and cut off
a Senatorial victory on five occasions.
The Senators managed, to get the bags
crowded In the fifteenth round and only
one man out. Unglaub hit a hard ground
er to Francks, who touched second and
threw to Streib, completing a neat double
play and prolonging the agony, all of
which set the big crowd on the verge of
hysterics.
The Senators owe their great showing
"entirely to the remarkable pitching of
young Thomas. He twirled a masterly
game throughout, showing remarkable
headwork and control. He mixed up his
curves and shoots in euch a manner as
to mystify the Oakland batsmen in every
inning but three, when they succeeded in
landing on him for four runs. The total
amount of hits accumulated by the Bwing
bunch was but six in the nineteen
rounds of play.
Cristall, the clever southpaw, started In
to mix the dope for Ewing, but was wild
and ineffective owing to the coldness of
the weather. He retired in the middle of
the second inning. Brick Devereaux went
Into the box to finish out the inning,
Dunleavy coming in to third base and
Cristall going out to try his fortune in
the left patch.
The contest could hardly go down on
.the history page under the heading of
high grade ball. It was sensational at
times and In spots was slow enough to
rival the proverbial wagon that Is made
lor hauling Ice. There was ball of al
most every kind mixed Into those nine
teen agonizing spasms. Both Fisher and
Ewlng then took off their bonnets and
bowed, to each other, saying: "I hope we
will have one more chance to settle the
difficulty, for we both are about It."
Oakland and Sacramento played ball till
the stars began to twinkle and .the moon
to shed Its silvery rays upon the diamond
yesterday at the Oakland grounds. It was
the longest game ever played upon a
California diamond and one of tho five
longest In the history of the great na
tional pastime.
I- • - » 1 m -
It Is ..Understood .the Bout
Will Be Held Out of
Doora
Reports of Long . Contest At
tract Hundreds of
Spectators.
San Francisco Athletic
Club Will Promote
Big Fight.
« Oakland and Sacramento
in Record-Breaking
Tie Game.
PLAY NINETEEN
INNINGS OF BALL
JEFF AND FITZ
WILL MEET HERE
Clilcapo 4' 7' i
Philadelphia .'..". V;'.V."?.".v;7:r.T.T. 3 -'8' '3
R. H. E.
Cincinnati 1 y 3
Brooklyn 3 . 10 2
Batteries— Hahn and Peitz; Kitson and Far
rell. Umpire — Cantlllon. •
CHICAGO, . May 21.— The , hits tQ-.day were
evenly divided and "the game close, and well
played,' Chicago winning by fast fielding.' At
tendance. 1100. Score: .
Plttsburg 3 ,4 0
New York 4 7 2
Batteries — Tannehlll a.nd , Smith; Taylor,
Matthewson and Bowerman. Umpire — Emslle.
CINCINNATI, May 21.— Hahn lost the game
to-day through his two errors, a muff and a
wild throw. Kltson kept the hits -well scat
tered. Attendance, 500. Score:
-.PITTSBURG, May 21.— Taylor was put out
of the game when the sixth inning was half
over.' lour hits and two runs having been made.:
Matthewson scored • the winning run. Attend
ance, 3100. "Score:.
r. ¦• •¦->- i :'¦' R. H. E.
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
Special stake, 24 entries — G. Sharman's Lit
tle Sister vs. E. Geary's- America; J. L. Ross'
Game Boy vs. j. L. Rcss' Loyal Lad; G. Shar
man's Sir Pasha vs. C. O. Peterson's Haphaz
ard; A. R. Curtis' Narcissus vs. Pasha Ken
nels' Royal Archer; A. R. Curtis' Lost Chord
vs. T. J. Cronln's Tralee Boy; E. Geary's Fan
nie Hughle vs. B. Sllva's 'Master Rocket; J. L.
Ross' Fontenoy vs. C. O. Peterson's Silver
Cloud; A. R. Curtis' Flying Fox vs. P. M.
Clarkson's Golden Garter; J. Carroll's Cascade
vb. Chiarlnl Brothers' "Dewdrop; - E. : -Geary's
Roy. Hughle- vs. Chiarlnl Brothers' Santonin ;
Pasha Kennels' Roman Athlete vs. A. R. Cur
tis' Luxor; Pasha Kennels'. Rocker- ..vs. F.
Jones' Harlean Gladys. : . ' V .
Open stake, C4 entries — P. M. Clarkson'a
Flower of Gold vs. P. M. Clarkson's Prompto;
E. Pratt'sGlenbrook vs. F. C. Mack's Dell M.:
A.- f Vanderwhite's Lear King vs. A. : Vander
whlte's Hot Slugs; T. Maher's Bad" Boy vs. J.
Regan's Menlo Prince; T. Jojley's Toronto vs.
A. R. Curtis' Miranda; J. Rogers' Glaucus vs.
F. Jones' Wedgewcod ; P. Doyle's Liberator vs.'
F. Jones' Tyrone Prince; H. H. Grey's Terron
ette vs. H. Turnbull's Belle Clair: A. R. Cur
tis' Fly by Night vs. H.. L. .Meharry's Rox
ana: W. C. de B. Lopez's Pepita vs. Chiarlnl'
Brothers' Cosette; G. Coomb's Rustic Arbor vs.,
D. Dillon's Challenger; F. Jones' Lady Newark
vs. T. Sullivan's St. -.Simon; J.: Kitchen's Honor
Bright vs. M. Nealon's Pat Freedom; F. C.
Mack's ' Woodcock Boy vs. T. - Cox's Crockett
Hill; Pasha Kennels' Regal Attire vs. Chiarlnl
Brothers' White Hat; F. A. McComb's Motto
vs. P. M. Clarkson's Miss Brummcl; A.. Van
derwhite's Scotch Reel vs; M. Grady's Real Af
fected; P. J. Horgan's Peerless V9. • S. A.
Smith's Petronlus; J. Hurley's Rlley Grannan
vs. E. Geary's A wain ¦ Laloa; 'J. . W. Fahey's
October Lad vs.- P. C. Bllck'sr Yellowtail; E.
Geary's Fenil«vs. A. J. Ernst's Rich Argosy;"
Pasha Kennels'. May Hempstead vs. P. Scott's
Half 'Moon; G. Cook's Spindle Boy. vs. A. R.
Curtis' Dragon Fly; W. Creamer's Golden Age
vs. P. J. Horgan,'s Musket; Pasha ."Kennels'
Rural Artist vs.; A... R. Curtis'. Medea; ~E. :
Ready's Full Moon vs. C. O. Peterson's Lady'
Nelly; R. A. Frlnk's Fiery Friend vs. P. J.
Horgan's Partial Eclipse; J. Dempsey's' Jingle
Bells vs. L.-J. Hoffman's Jim Douglass;. A: R.'
Curtis' Old Ironsides vs. ; W. | Johnson's Articu
late: J.' J. Edmond'u'Mor-nlng Glory' vs.' Yosem
ite Kennels' Mose; J. Seggerson's Gold Hill vs.
T. Jolley's Master Whalen; P. C. Bllck'a Ad
vance Guard .vs. W. C: de B. Lopez's The Jew
ess. ¦;'•"¦ . • - \ .
:.: Batteries — St.' Vraln and Kllhg; . Duggleby
and Jacklltsch. Umpire-rO'Day. .' ..:
" ' ST. LOUIS. May 21.— Bos ton -St. Louis game
postponed; rain. - ''^^USSsSiS
The card for this week at the Union
Coursing Park is made up of two stakes,
a twenty-four-dog special and a slxty
four-dogp open stake. The coursing on
Saturday will be limited to the afternoon.
The special train will leave Third and
To wnsend streets at 1 p. m. The draw
last night resulted as follows: , .. .
EIGHTY-EIGHT COURSERS
TO START AT BUNION' PARK
Retail butchers' trotting and pacing race —
Wan by S. C. Hammond's Imp, Frank Mer
rill's Clara C second, R. Conaani's Barney C
third. Time. 2:30%.
Butchers' trotting and pacing race — Won by
Mel. Schweitzer's Annlgito. S. Hammond's
Sable Lagrand second, Monroe Schweitzer's
Hermia third. Time, 2:26. •
Running race, one mile; for four-year-olds
and upward — Won by W. Donathan's Frank
Wood, the Piedmont stables' Ned Dennis: sec-
Special butchers' cart race — Won by P.
Giuliani's horse Jack, B. L. Fisher's Lord
Spankle second, W.-H. Noy's Dolly F third.
Time, 2:40.
edification of the crowd. The fun lasted
until 6 o'clock and many would- have been
dancing yet if the musicians had not taken
their departure. _' . . «
The results of the games follow.: .
Running race for- men — Won by M. ; . W. Beck.
Running race for professionals-^-Won by
Artie Jallnski.
Race for cash boys — "Won by J.' O'Brien, L.
England second.
Race for Journeymen butchers — Won by S.-,
Dreyfuss. ¦-,,'•
Walking greasy pole — Won by J. Smith.
Three-legged race — Won by Harfy Foley and
Tom Kelly.
Boys' race — Won by E. Hlllard.
Fat men's race — Won by Tom Mahoney. -
Race for ladies — Won by Miss Almy.
Race for girls under 18 — Won by Edna Haley.
Race for girls under 12 — Miss Thomas and
Miss Montville.
Hop, skip and jump — Won by Harry Foley.
Hop, skip a»d Jump for boys — Won by C.
Norton.
Catching greasy pig — Won by James Thomp
son. ./>!-.
The races on the Emeryville track re
sulted as follows:
- . v:~-' : :.- ¦ -.'tvi'R. h.; e.
Cleveland ;....ll 19 5
Philadelphia; : 12 14 4
' /Batteries— Wright and Bemls; :Wlltse, Hust
ing and Powers. . .- . . •....¦
Washington 5 12 1
St. Louis 4 9 0
Batteries — Orth and Drill; Powell and' Sug
den. • " ' ' ¦ .
PHILADELPHIA. May 21.— Philadelphia de
feated Cleveland to-day in a - see-saw game.
Attendance, 2215. Score:
Baltimore 2 7 0
Detroit .4 8 1
Batteries — Hughes and Robinson; Mercer and
Buelow. • - • „ ¦
WASHINGTON. May 21.— "With the score a
tie in the last half of the tenth inning, Wolver
ton, first to bat for Washington, singled, Dele
hanty doubled and Keister followed with a sin
gle, scoring Wolverton and the winning run."
Attendance. 3000. Score : .
Boston 1 4 2
Chicago 2 0 1
Batteries— "Winters and Criger; Piatt . and
McFarland.' J .
BALTIMORE,' May 21. — In a fast, snappy
fielding game to-day Detroit defeated Balti
more. Decisions by O'Laughlin in which both
teams fared badly incensed an occupant of the
open stand and the umpire was struck with a
beer glass. Attendance, 2823. Score:
BOSTON, May 21. — Chicago won to-day from
Boston in a pitchers' battle. Both the Chicago
men who scored were passed to first by "Win
ters. Attendance, 4000. Score:
R. H. E.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
<T7MPIRE IS STRUCK
WITH A BEER GLASS
tremely large. This year's picnic
was held yesterday. Fully 20,000 people
journeyed across the bay to see the races
at the Emeryville track given by the
"knights of the cleaver" and to enjoy
dancing and other Dastimes in the park.
Every train brought its share. The day
was ideal.
The races created a deal- of excitement.
The betting was very lively. Some very
fine horses were entered and the .various
heats were closely contested.
Over at Shell Mound Park there was a
scene of revelry. The place was filled
with guests. The pavilion was so crowded
that a dancer had his hands full piloting
his fair partner about the hall. A band
played enlivening dance music while the
guests picked their way over the slippery
floor. \ The crowd was a good-natured one
and no one complained If his corns were
stepped on as he knew he would probably
be performing the same trick on some
one else.
The picnic was an orderly one.< Few if
any fistic disputes were held and these
were suppressed in quick order and the
disputants put off the grounds.
At the racecourse hundreds sat in the
warm sunshine and watched the sport.
There were races for the old and young,
fat and lean. Children danced for prizes
and young men caroled their best for the
AS usual the attendance at the an
nual picnic given in Shell Mound
Park under the auspices of the
Butchers', Board of Trade was ex-
THE SAjNT CALL, THURSDAY, -MAT 22, 1902.
Merrymakers Crowd Shell Mound Park and Many, Take
Part in Dancing and Games, While an Immense Throng
Witnesses the Exciting Races on the Emeryville Track
THOUSANDS ENJOY THE PICNIC GIVEN
BY THE BUTCHERS' BOARD OF TRADE
4
visit DR. JORDAN'S great
MUSEUM OF ANATOMY
£ft 1051KA2ZK SI. tat. t±kTX S.F.Cal.
,tJ The Largest Anatomical Museum tn the
mm ~T'Ii mi w o»ld- Weaknesses or any contracted
f® ? 5 ""V »°" 1 "'" I 3* e-r«lby the oldest
fgjg* I ipecialm on the Coast. Est 3* years. .
flSSS DR * J08D .AN-DISEASES CF HEN
Iv^wS Consultation free and strittly priTite.
I T#'cC n Tr»atm;nt personally or by letter. A
3 W VI W P—itn» Cur* in erejy case undertaken.
mB II A Writt for Boot. rniLOHOPIlY of
II II IIJI»»IA«SE, MAItao FRXS. f A
fl y. raluable book for men)
DR. JOBDAH 4k CO.. 1051 Market St.. "?. P.
Full-sized boxea of Golden Specific are for
sale in San Francisco by J. R. GATES & CO..
417 Sansome st-
Quickly Cored at Home— Any Lady Can
j Do it— Costs Nothing to- Try.
A new tasteless discovery which can bo rl-ren In tea,
•offee or food. Heartily endorsed by W. c.T. U. and all
tempermaee workers. It does Its wark to silently ana
•urely that while the deroted wife, slater or daughter
looks on, the drunkard la reclaimed even against his wii 1
and without his knowledge. Send year name and address
to Dr. J. W. Halnes, SUS Glenn Bid?.. Cincinnati, O.. and
he will mall a trial pactaare of Golden Specific fre* to
•how how easily it is to cure dvu nkarda with this remedy.
FAST COTTON COLORS of DIAMOND
D5TES never crock or fade. Take no
other.
A Relative or Friend to Pass Into
the Dark Valley Simply Because
the Doctor Desires to Cling
to Medical Etiquette ?
WILL YOU ALLOW
The months just passed of the present
year have brought bereavement and dark
clouds of sorrow to many homes In our
land. Fathers, mothers, sisters, and
brothers have been forever removed by
the grim reaper, death.. The large ma-
jority of such could have been saved had
their friends given them Paine's Celery^
Compound, instead of the worthless medi»»
cines the sick ones were forced to swal-
low.
In many families a too slavi •"» obedience
to medical dictation kept ti-j true life
saver from the sick and dyin^: ones. Past
records of marvelous cures and victories
wrought by Paine's Celery Compound
were ignored by medical men; in a word,
it was unprofessional in their estimation
to introduce the life giving Compound.
Ah! Remorse is now doing its quiet
but effective work, and those most closely
interested are suffering for their neglect.
Will you, dear reader, allow some dear
relative or friend to pass from life with-
out making an effort to save the perish-
ing one by Paine's Celery Compound?
The virtues and powers of Dr. Phelps*
prescription are wondrously far reaching
and mighty*. Even though your friends
have suffered long, and have come to that
point where the physician, is helpless to
save, even then, there is a blessed hope
if Paine's Celery Compound's used.
The desperate cases cured in the past
and the number of precious lives saved,
ia the bright, the living proof, that
Paine's Celery Compound makes sick peo-
ple well. ____„
Is Daily Saving Precious Lives After
Pronounced Failures of
Physicians.
Paine's Celery
Compound
COAL, COKE AND PIQ IRON.
J. CWII SON $ CD N* Street.
j« w- niLJUii a wu-i Te i ephone Maln 1S6 4.
DIRECTORY
on Application.
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists .Mails*
1 rfrffflgF^lih ffl — — ¦*- for Gonorrhoea.
&'??*• 3perm»torrho*a,
r wUntS *i Whites, snattnral dis-
ff^^la 1 1» 5 «»j«. «§ charge*, or any Inflammft-
|T3.W Qauuwd to tlon, lrntatioa or nlcera-
P^~*( Fr«T«at <wat»t:oo. tioa of mneon aum«
raTHEEYANS CHE«!C*LCO. b^- h ? 0 *-"^* U
l4^i > , 7 J sxprt , M L Prepaid, for
a& Circular eens oa reauest.
IS A GREAT RESTORATIVE. INVIGORA-
tor and Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Orirans. for both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. Sells on Ita own merits.
NABER. ALFS &. BRUNE. Agents.
S23 Market St.. S. F.— (Send for Circulars.)
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
DR. HALL^REINVIGORATOR^?^
Stop3 all losses in 21 hours. Five $0&™fe&H
hundred reward for any case we tS§4 sSftft
cannot cure. This secret rem- ¦ M
edy cures Emissions, Impotency, PSB9 BSSl
Varlcocele, Gonorrhoea, Gleet. R»?3 ffiH
Strictures, Drains, Lest Man- IaUJ IJLji'j
hood and all other wasting ef- SSSSjSa
fects of self-abuse or excesses. buCSSa^Ss
Sent sealed. $2 bottle; 3 bottles, $5; guaranteed
to cure any case. Call or address orders
HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE. 855 Broad-
way. Oakland, CaL Also for sale at lffra^i
Market at.. S. P. Send for free book.
PRINTERS. BOOK BINDERS }
THE HICKS- JUDD CO..
23 First street. San Francisco.
PRINT INO.
F. C HITfiHFS printer.
OILS.
LUBRICATING OILS. LEONARD & ELLIS.
418 Front St., a F. Phono Main 1719.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
JAS. ROYES & Cft Shipping Butchers, 104
JAJ* UUILJatU' Clay. Tel. Main 12SH.
Several years ago, my wife had a se- .. S / ?* S - is th e only blood purifier
?ere eore leg- and. w;a3 treated by v the that is guaranteed entirely vege-
best physicians tut received no benefit. . table. It builds Up the blood and
Oar druggist advised her to try S. S. S., * tones tin the o-pnprai <svctf»t« Qe *•«
which she did. Fourteen bottles cured ° UCS Up H 1^ general : system as no
her and she has been well ever since. otner medicine does. If you have
J. B. HAEOLD, 22 Canal St., . a sore of any kind, write us and get
Cohoes, N. Y. the advice of experienced and
skilled physicians for which no charge is made. Book on Blood and Skin
Diseases free. S THE SWIFT .specific CO., Atlanta, Ga.
A T T T^ Wil1 sour the sweete st disposition and
f\ I X! ill ! I trans * onn the m ost even tempered, lov-
JL\L \. V-/ JL*sf J- J? able mature into a cross-grained and
irritable individual.
£* •"% T"\ T"^ If impatience or fault-finding are
I B 1"^ I— I cver excusable it is when the body is
\^J V^^ X ¦ . tortured by an eating and painful sore.
It is truly discouraging to find after
months of diligent and faithfuj use of external remedies that the place
remains as defiant, angry and offensive as ever. Every chronic sore, no
matter on what part of the body it comes, is an evidence of some previous
constitutional or organic trouble, and that the dregs of these diseases
remain in the system; or, it may be that some long hidden poison— perhaps
Cancer— has come to the surface and begun its destructive work!
The blood must be purified before the sore will fill up with healthy flesh
and the skin regains its natural color. It is ,_ '
through the circulation r that the acrid, corroding (r*^ //-^ /<Fn
fluids are carried to the sore or ulcer and keep it
irritated and inflamed. S. S. S. will purify and h^^J S>-^y b^^J
invigorate the stagnant blood when aU sediment or S **»¦¦««*' V, M X
other hurtful materials are washed out, fresh rich blood is carried to the
diseased parts, new tissues form, and the decaying flesh begins to have a
healthy and natural look ; the discharge ceases and the sore heals.
PAINE'S CELERY COMPOTJITD.
3 ]V ERVOUS DEBILITY OF MEN. §§
D *•' prematureness and loss of vital- fQ
?j ity are not weaknesses, but symp- m
U toms. In looking for a cause, we N
Iflnd a damaged prostate gland fur- fc]
nishes by far the greatest number H
of cases. Dr. Talcott treats each H
•vise personally, and offers an ex- H
perience of over twenty years, de- M
voted to this speciaJty. ra
"We will move on June 1 to our S4
new building, 1140 Market street. If
now being specially prepared for w
I our extensive practice. gi
DR.TALCOTT&CO.!
SS7 MARKET STREET. . If
. j - -. Until June 1st. ' |j
'•MFiN alii ¥ilTT9i
S ' '• • ' ' "* ' ' '¦ N :V : V."*'-., -¦••.•••v4-\ ¦'. ©'
9 V^^^S^L "^° >OU wan^ *° ke strong? Do you 2
% SWS&&JKM 11rc of vl Sor? Do you want^couraze ©
ft /* WT^M energy and ambition to support you O
© S u4XW K \ in your cares and troubles? a
• / / l>» I V_ * have devoted my life to the de- A
• / / J—-£_*L\ velopment of vigor in. both men and a
n' " IT ' >e*f . women. I've made a. great success. 3?
© f ~** - \b» - ' -. *\ jA My methods are approved by th*> ®
% "^" r i >Jlp i, r y e Proved r that" elecfrfcitv Is the ©
j* >H *»> *y.' - K mk basls of al * animal life and that ©
Z JGb A :A % Xi>?J I 7j' ¦»/. flA "weak men," dyspeptics, rheumatics, a
® -Za. 1 '. «fr 1 V HI sufferers from lost energy, weak kid- a
• '4HHHH& M \\li//' / '8F* n nev , s> v pal ,", s ln / ne back - hend - chest S
© a n? shoulders from varicocelc and its g
• S^SPSs^^^W^^^aSa allied weaknesses, etc.. are weak in §
5 - ifMBBMMigOTrai^i^tLifMfllElli electricity. My Electric Belt re- ©
S J@^flSBtf^JT'n3^^^^^W^| cures 3 Ve^-'' 1 ' 6 ' n a feW weeks an <* •
i-^H^^^^V S DR * MCLAUGHLIN'S S
S JPaf JW\\FW ELECTRIC BELT. 8
• •* p "^^im ¦ /.' «/Vfc yV \^m^ Describe your case to me. and if I A
• . . .^ '/.\. ' say ¦* can cur e you, I will guarantee %
q Drugs won't restore your strength. They only stimulate, if you have S
a to take a stimulant take whisky. Taken in moderation it does less harm "
x than the others. . . m Q
S "Every sign of pain and sickness has disappeared. I appreciato whn* •
•your, Belt has done for me," writes J. Schwarz. Coleridge. Trinity Count^ •
9 .1 will gladly send you my book on this' subject. It has S2 pages of meat to A
9, people who want more "fire." Sealed, free, if you send this ad. " ' •»
Q CAUTION — Beware of medical concerns offering. "Electric Belts Free" This e%
m . offer is only a trick to foist a package of medicines upon you C. O. D Write to m»s ?
g, for an explanation of the trick. . . • - ¦' , "• "" ©
I Dr. jh. ilipli;||i|i§' I
9 . - -• Of flee . Hours — 8 a. m. to 8:30 p. m. - Sundays, 10 to,l v -' : ' r- 9
® ' .- .NOTK. — When -you use Dr. McLaughlln's Electric Belt you are under the care of 9
9 . a physician. Agents or, drug, stores are never allowed to sell these roods. ••
e.aoeeee0«eoe909«9eo*o«o««eeeaaa«oee»«»»o(»«ee§J. A. HULL. WHO IS CHARGED WITH THEFT OF DIAMONDS VALUED
AT $1500 FROM CHICAGO FIRM, AND WHO IS SAID TO BE ONE OF
THE CLEVEREST FORGERS IN COUNTRY.
¦ In New .York City there are 6100 firemen,
including . 1200 .volunteer 'firemen.' , - .
The application of Edward B. Bowers
to be restored to competency was refused,
in department 9 of the Superior I Court
yesterday. Bowers failed to produce (Suf
ficient : evidence to prove that he ' is pos
sessed of sufficient' mental ability to care
for a ; legacy of $5000 recently left him.
He Is the son of John T. Bowers, the
music dealer. -
Bowers Still Incompetent.
Your First Duty to Yourself
Is to look after your own comfort. The com
fortable : trains of the Nickel Plate Road. Chi
cago to New York arid Boston/ carrying Nickel
Plate dining: cars. ; In which are served Ameri
can Club meals at from 35c to %l each alwava
please the traveling public. JAY W • ADAMS
1*. C. P. A.. 3T Crocker buildlns,; San Franl
Cisco, Cal. . . / .;v.-.- ; \ .
, The Society; of Old Friends. will give its
annual, bullshead .breakfast next Sunday
afternoon at Luttrlnger's Hotel, near the
Five-mile House, s on the Mission road
The affair. will be a most elaborate one
and a huge^tent is being erected on the
hoter grounds -. to accommodate the lar"e
crowd which is expected. " 'arge
Bullshead Breakfast.
John Sullivan, residing at ' 1708 - Mission
street, was taken to the Harbor Hospital
at 11 o'clock last night suffering from five
lacerations of the scalp. Sullivan said
that he had been eating in the* California
market, and when It came to a' matter of
paying his bill a -dispute arose about his
change. A man who he thinks was a
special watchman attacked and beat him
about the head with a club so severely
as" to cause the wounds that necessitated
surgical attendance. J -¦ « ¦ ¦ •
Beaten in California Market.
To-Morrow and Satnrdav
500 men's suits and: "overcoats I worth
$15 for $5 85. . This is Hlrschman Bros ' of
New York 'stock, and all are flne tailor
ir.ado of strictly all-wool covert cloth
cheviots, thibets, worsteds and - casli
meres • in. plain, and fancy effects. Only
J S- the ¦¦manufacturer's -sale -.of cloth
ing, 91o Market ; street; opp.. Mason. ¦ •
Miss .Kathryn Robinson entertained a
party of friends on Tuesday evening, tak
ing. them for. a: delightful trip around the
bay in the McDowell., The guests stopped
The ladies of Laurel Hall Club held
their last session for the season • yester
day afternoon at the clubrooms, 1620 Cali
fornia street. - An interesting programme
was rendered, including vocal selections
by Miss Anna Moore and Miss Marion
Cumming and piano solo by Mrs. F T
Cooper. Mrs. George W. Halght gave
some excellent readings from Burns, with
a discussion most fascinating and instruc
tive. Reports were read by representa
tives of the different sections regardlne
the work of, the club. .,An informal re
ception followed, during which refresh
ments were served. ¦ ¦ - " ¦ .
I Miss Alice May gave a pretty luncheon
yesterday - in honor of her friend. Miss
.Verdon, the bride-elect of C. H. McCor
rnick. Covers were laid for twelve, and
the affair wasa delightful one.
Miss Isabel S. Wolf and Louis J^GoW
man were the principals at a pretty home
wedding yesterday afternoon at the resi
dence of the bride's mother, Mrs. Annette
Wolf. The artistic home at 2874 Washing
ton street was made a bower of beauty
with lavish decorations of hawthorn,
roses and foliage. Rabbi Voorsanger of
ficiated. The bride was attended by her
sifter, Miss Ester Wolf.
Tho affair was very quiet. Owing: to the
recent death, of the groom's father the
wedding was witnessed by only forty
guests— relatives and immediate friends of
both families. The bride was charming
in white chiffon over white , satin, ' with
garniture of point lace. Her bridal veil
of white tulle was held in the hair by
orange blossoms. Her. bouquet was lilies
of the valley. Mr. and Mrs. Goldman de
parted on a wedding trip later In the day,
but did not confide their route to any one.
They will return in two weeks.
L. J. GOLDMAN
AND MISS WOLF
ARE WEDDED
The . were Robert .Rush!
James Boyce.Al Bohen; Jack Saul. James
Moffatt andAbe Becker. ¦ The body was
taken to; Cypress Lawn Cemetery for in-
Joseph H.: Kelly, who was run over and
killed last Sunday while attending the
Eagles' picnic, 'was burled yesterday and
the funeral was one of the largest held
in this city in many months. - The mem
bers of San Francisco Aerie No. 5, Fra
ternal Order of . Eagles, and Knights of
the Royal' Arch attended the obsequies In
a body. Special services of an Impressive
character were held in B'nai B'rith Hall
which was crowded with friends of the
deceased.' Charles Nagle of the Eagles
read the beautiful ritual of the order and
special prayers were delivered for tho re
pose of the dead. | The Masonic choir ren
dered appropriate music during the ser
vices. ' *-..-.¦ " ¦it."..
Eagles and Knights of Royal! Arch
Bury Joseph H. . Kelly Wihi
Solemn Service.
¦ To Walter and Nutton Franklin, his' sons,
$2500 each; to Tesuie Solomon and Sydnle Aron,
his daughters, • 5500 each; to Minnie- Rallman,
his 'sister, $1000, and to" his widow, Annie F.
Franklin, the residue.
Joseph Franklin's will was filed yester
day. According to its terms, his estate,
which is of unknown value, Is to be?dis
tributed as follows: •. ¦ , '¦. :,
To his children he leaves good advice
admonishing them to be watchful of their
mother and true, to their religion v and
their fellow men.
The, will of Nathan Goldtree^ who died
on the 11th inst., was filed for probate.
His estate, of value unknown. Is left to
hl3 widow Auguste Goldtree and his three
children. He provides that In the event
of the marriage of his daughter Palmyre
sh,e shall receive $10,000. , . -
The will of I. N. Jacoby, a member of
the firm of Jacoby Bros.,' of Los Angeles,
was filed fot" probate yesterday. He
leaves almost his entire estate, which is
estimated to be worth more than $10,000,
to his widow, Mathilde Jacoby | of 900
O'Farrell street. He . leaves $100 each to
the Geary Street Synagogue, Jewish Old
Home and the Jewish Orphan Asylum.
than . Goldtree Provides Mar
riage Dowry for Daughter.
I. N. Jacoby Advises Children— Na-
Miss Lizzie Donohue, 18 years of age,
sustained a fracture of the left leg; Theo
dore Davis, 8 years . of age, ) suffered a
laceration over the eyebrow, and Willie
Davis received a contusion of the heel.
The Davis boys live at 1169 Halght street.
"At the "whirling swing, known" as "The
Rocky Road to Dublin," last night at the
Irish Fair an accident happened to sev
eral people owing to the breaking down
of the platform. The Incident fortunately
caused not the least excitement. .
Whirling Swing Breaks.
at Angel Island, where a. *.nnT*,T- •»..*.,
Ijosborough, Innls. Wagner. Dr? C C
aSSkS !e£&£ eUtenan£ *mbi£'an C d
*n * *
Mrs. Hayden McClellan and daughter ¦
Miss May McClellan, of LosAngele! ara
ftoSfi?**-* mS c "y^ thfif way [o
Mrs. Sidney • V. Smith has rented her
«! sunu?er. and "*"* Mende "
fXn^<, Dr V»7^ Melon ea have a number of
o X °TfnSi th i th £ m a ' thelr country house.
<Juk Knoll, m Napa County.
Miss Eleanor Davenport has returned
from a visit to friends at Woodland.
Mme.^Modjeska, accompanied by her
husband. Count Bozenta, has returned to
the southern part of the State
*~^ YORK May 21,-^Iudge George P. An
drews of the New- York Supreme Court, who
was stricken with apoplexy last Friday, has
been unconscious for several hours and his re
covery Is believed to be impossible. Judge An
drews has been on the bench Wnty years ard
has a wide reputation as a Jurist. *
March, "The Yankee Hustler" (E. E.
Schmitz) ;• cornet solo. Miss Hazel Bone;
waltzes, "In Rapture Sweet" (Bonnlsseau); se
lection, "Ancient Irish Airs" (Arranged by
Schleppeyrell) ; march. "Right of Way"
(Haynes); polonaise. "Voyage of Life" (C. H.
Collins); overture, "Light Cavalry" (Suppe);
galop, "Faugh a Ballagh" (Sullivan)..
ernoon. i They have been Invited by
Charles Tidball of the Tivoli. who is su
perintendent of the fair.
The Iroquois Band will render the fol
lowing numbers to-night: . -^
WILLS ARE FILED WITH
T%E CLERK FOR PROBATE
JA. HULL, who Is said to be one
of the cleverest forgers in the
country, was arrested yester-
O day morning by Sergeant Lewis
and Special Officer Charles .Al
den in the office of Marley Hay, repre
sentative cf the Holland Torpedo-boat
Company, at the Union Iron Works. A des
patch from Superintendent Thomas O'Neil
of Chicago sets forth that Hull Is wanted
there for the larceny of $1500 worth of
diamond jewelry from the Juer
gens Jewelry Company. Hull was
employed by Hay under the name,of S.
J. Robinson, but recognized by Special
Officer Alden, who knew him while he
was serving a sentence in San Quentin
prison for forgery. »
Hull after his release from San Quen
tin in August, 1897, became acquainted
with President Krueger of the Standard
Wallpaper Company and induced him to
indorse worthless drafts for $325, which
were cashed by the First National Bank.
PAY LAST SAD TRIBUTE
OF RESPECT TO THEIR DEA.D
Hull next turned up in St. Louis, where
he was appointed to the agency of a
bank in Oklahoma. He had trouble with
ay woman and fled from Str*Louls after
srealing a number of drafts, which he
passed In Kansas City, Denver, New Or
leans and Chicago, He was subsequently,
arrested in Chicago on a dispatch from
St. Louis. - He immediately pleaded guilty
to a charge of obtaining money by false
pretenses and was sentenced to one year's
imprisonment.- After his , release he re
turned to Chicago and obtained employ
ment with the Juergens Jewelry Com
pany; from whom, it is now alleged he
stole some diamonds and then fled to this
city. •
With the money thus obtained Hull went
to New York, where he became acquaint
ed with a wealthy man, who took him to
London. .From London he went to Paris,
Berlin and Monte Carlo, where, he gam
bled away all hI5 money. He was -sub-'
.sequently arrested in France for obtain
ing money by false pretenses, but was ac
quitted on a technicality.
"CYRANO" OF ROSTAND
BARRED BY A COURT
Chicago Playwright Wins His Case
Against A. M. Palmer and
Richard Mansfield.
CHICAGO, May 21.— Judge C. C. Kohl
saat, in the United States District Court
to-day Issued a perpetual injunction
against the production in the United
States of Edmund Rostand's play "Cy
rano .de Bergerac" in the suit brought
against Richard Mansfield and A. M. Pal
mer by Samuel Eberly Gross of Chicago
The court. In Its order, ruled that Gross
was also entitled to an accounting of the
profits from the play, but Gross waived
this right and accepted $1 as satisfaction.
Gross is the author of a drama entitled
"The Merchant Prince of Cornyille," the
leading character of which was distin
guished by the big nose that made Cy
rano famous. This ; drama, Gross main
tained, was printed for private circula
tion some time before the appearance of
the celebrated French play and according
to expert testimony was the basis of
Rostand's work. In court numerous par.
•allels both of action and language were
shown. The most Important of the simi
larities In the two dramas was the woo
ing by proxy of the leading characters in
a. balcony scene— made notable in Cyrano
by Mansfield's production. wi««iu
Produces Dum-Dum Bullets.
WASHINGTON, May 21,-Corporal
O'Brien, formerly of the Twenty-sixth
Volunteer Infantry, was before the Senate
Philippine Committee to-day and pro
duced the alleged "dum-dum" or explo
sive bu lets. He said they were not like
the ordinary cartridges because they did
not have the letters "U. S." on them!
General Crozier. chief of ordnance was
called and. testified that the cartrldlel
were the same size as the regulation
Krag-Jorgensen. He explained that some"
Ss^o^ ° f these . bu »et 8 produ^d
Martha Washington Stamps.
WASHINGTON. May 21.-Postmaster
General Payne announced to-day that
the portrait of Martha Washington had
been decided, upon as the first of Amer
ican women to adorn a United States
postage stamp. The portrait will be
placed on the 8-cent stamp.
Ann Arbor Road Is Purchased.
SAGINAW.vMIch., May 2L-Presldent
W. R. Burt of the Ann Arbor Railroad
ai Tl ve £ here from Toledo to-night. He
said that the Ann Arbor had been sold to
a. syndicate closely allied with the Gould
interests. The Wabash is not the pur
chaser, he said. -"
The best hcuse coal costs $6 50 a ton
In En-land.
The management of the fair desires to
announce that after -"Friday night tha
free list will be suspended-
The theatrical mechanics and other the
atrical employes, Including musicians and
actors, will be. guests at the fair this aft-
Mrs. McGinnis. president; Mrs. James Smith
vice president; Mrs. Kenny, treasurer: Mrs. B*
Naughton, secretary; Mrs. T. Kane. Mrs: Ken
nedy, Mrs. F. Norton, . Miss K. Kenny, Mrs.
Fitzgerald, Mrs. Began, Mrs. Rogers, Miss N.
Kenny, Miss McCarthy, Miss L. Fitzgerald and
Miss M. Kenny, Miss Daly, Miss A. Fitzger
ald. Miss Cusick, Miss McDermott, - Miss Con
nolly, Miss Toomey, Miss Annie' Brehaney,
Miss Henry, Messrs. T. Regan, B. Naughton,
James Smith, Michael Casey, . J. J. Rogers,
assistants. ' . - . .
Entertainments were given during the
evening by Roscommfln and Kilkenny
booths. Both booths furnished delightful
programmes, and the ladies of Roscom-
Tnon and Kilkenny proved themselves ex
cellent entertainers.
Among the ladles and gentlemen who
have charge of Roscommon booth are:
At the conclusion of the Mayor's speech
athletic exhibitions by boxers from the
Olympic Club under the direction of Cap
tuin George James were given on the
dais before the throne. The boxing bouts
vere very fast and furnished consider
able Interest.
BOOTHS ENTERTAIN.
• In behalf of 'the organization of this de
lightful fair. In the interest of its charitable
purposes, for the srood which its success will
accomplish, I welcome you to this reproduction
of all Ireland, to her historic "palaces and her
romantic landmarks. I welcome you as friends
ond as comrades, as fellow- workers and as
fellow men. My friends, all Ireland is now
yours. .
I am glad; to see you here In such force. I
am proud of this demonstration, proud of your
manhood in manifesting your appreciation of
our honored friend and In reciprocating even
in this small degree the friendship which ho
has ever shown 'us and our cause. '
PROUD OF WORKINGMEN'.
This great outpouring of the ranks of labor
Is the opportunity and occasion of a double
tribute— as a tribute of Interest and of grate
ful retard on the part of all of us toward the
friend who has stood by the cause of labor at
all times and on every occasion, the distin
guished president of this fair, and on my part
a tribute to you, my friends before and my
friends now. ¦ ¦ • <
Remember, that I am now, as I was before
I became Mayor, the friend of every honest
and conservative workingman, ¦ open to hia
every, reasonable suggestion, and that I will
continue to be as far. as lies, in my power the
exponent of the ability and of • th»^ moderation
and conservatism of the masses of our com
mon people.
Fellow Wageworkers, Ladies and Gentlemen:
This is the first great mass-meeting of or
ganized labor which I have had the privilege
of addressing since by your votes and your
active and enthusiastic support I became your
Mayor and the Mayor of all the people of this
fair city.
I have met many of you in your individual,
unions since, and have taken occasion to ex^
press to you my thanks, and now before this
larger aggregation of my fellow wage-earners
I embrace the opportunity of declaring to you
again my sincere apDreciation of - your loyal
devotion before my election and of your warm
and earnest encouragement and confidence
elnce.
Despite the immense crowd all present
enjoyed a delightful time. After the pa
rade disbanded- the visiting bands occu
pied the main bandstand and continued to
render. musical selections while Professor
Allen's band took its station in front of
the academy booth in the gallery. .
After the .bands had played a couple of
selections Mayor Schmitz was introduced,
to the large audience by Michael Casey
and made the following address of wel
come:
MAYOR WELCOMES TTNTONS.
When the unions marched into the build-
Ing the crowd divided, the best it could,
and allowed the men to march once
around. the booths. The line of march led
past the queen's throne and the parade
was reviewed by Queen Rita and her
court. Mayor Schmitz and Grand Marshal
Michael Casey. - "
As far as attractions are concerned last
night was the most notable occasion, of
the fair. Contrary to expectations Gov
ernor Henry T/ Gage, who. had been in
vited to visit the fair, failed to put in
an appearance. As usual he adopted the
course most convenient to himself and
sent his regrets. . .
Three thousand members of. the labor
unions formed in line last night in the
vicinity of Fifth and Market streets and
with fluttering flags and two bands pour
ing forth "sweet music paraded under the
leadership of Grand" Marshal Michael
Casey to the Irish Fair. The unions, as
was anticipated, made a splendid display,
and "union labor night" will long'remain
one of the pleasantest recollections of the
great festival. The Streetcar Employes'
Union, which conducted itself in such a
commendable manner during the recent
strike, was the flower of the parading
unions. It was under the command of its
president, Richard Cornelius; and mus
tered fully 500 men. Mayor Schmitz
marched with the wprklngmen.
Before the procession arrived at the Pa
vilion a great crowd had passed Into the
fair and when the unions added their
numbers - to the throng standing room
could scarcely be obtained anywhere with
in the immense structure. Mechanics'
Pavilion was filled with the greatest
crowd in its existence. t.[. \ —
Underwood of Alabama gave notice of
an amendment embodying an educational
test for immigrants. Kleberg of Texas
opposed the educational test as one likely
to bar immigrants accustomed to manual
labor, which was one of the most de
sirable classes for the development of the
country- Grosvcnor of Ohio opposed the
educational test. He said the crimes com
mitted against the governments of the
worl«i.for the past century by reason, of
removing the rulers of those governments
were committed by educated men. Robin
son of Indiana made a plea for a better
condition of affairs in the Indian Terri
tory, a condition which, he said, was a
blot on the escutcheon of the republic
The House then, at 5 o'clock, adjourned.
"Just as you seek to detect a bad wo
man — by asking questions," answered
Shattuc.
To Watson's inquiry as to why an edu
cational test was not provided Shattuc
urged that that had better come in as
an independent measure. Barthold of
Missouri asked how anarchists would be
detected as such.
In explaining the exclusion section Shat
tuc said it embraced, besides paupers, in
sane persons, etc., the following: Polyg
amists, anarchists or persons who believe
in or advocate the overthrow by force or
violence of all government or of all forms
of law or the assassination of public of
ficials; prostitutes and persons who pro
cure or attempt to bring in prostitutes or
women for the purpose of prostitution;
persons whose immigration to the United
States has been Induced by offers,"*solici
tatiens, promises of agreements, promise"
of labor or work <jr service of any kind
in the United States, and also any person
whose ticket or passage is paid for with
the money of -another, or who Is assisted
by others to come.
The immigration laws of this country are
flajrrantly violated. Those Qanadian steamship
agencies in Europe do not hesitate tp adver
tise openly and guarantee to their passengers
that they shall be safely delivered into the
United States and no questions asked, if they
will only take passage via Canada. It can be
proven that one of the Canadian railways i3
in the Chinese passenger traffic regularly and
ie assisting the smugglers by stopping its pas
senger trains several miles outside of a cer
tain city and discharging the Chinese in the
country where wagons, built especially for the
purpose, take whole gangs over the border un
der cover of night and in this way thousands
of Chinese enter the United States annually.
This open discrimination in favor of Canadian
steamship companies and Canadian railroads,
as against our own railroads and steamships,
landing at our shores, should not be longer per
mitted, i.
There has arisen a demand, growing more
and more insistent, that restrictive measures
should be enacted to regulate the 1 influx, and
Fift the quality of the incoming aliens. The
testimony *s overwhelming as to the volume
of undesirable Immigration now being admit
ted. The demand for effective restriction is
universal and imperative.
Shattuc opened the debate with a speech
elaborately presenting the various immi
gration problems and explaining the cor
rective purposes of this bill. In part he
said:
Watson of Alabama gave notice of an
amendment to provide for an educational
test and much of the discussion of the day
was on this subject. •
The House earlier In. the day settled
three contested election cases in favor of
sitting members and passed a number of
bills of minor importance.
WASHINGTON, May 2L— The House
began consideration of the immigration
bill to-day. The principal speech was
made by Shattuc of* Ohio, chairman of
the Committee on Immigration. He was
especially severe in his condemnation of
the manner In • which immigrants are
shipped through Canada by Canadian
railway and steamship "companies.
The national convention of hcrseshoers
unions resumed business with a large at
tendance yesterday. During the morninjr
the delegates paid a visit to the United
States Mint and in the afternoon the re
port of Ready Kenehan, editor of the In
ternational Union of Journeymen Horse
fhoers' Magazine, was considered. L^st
evening the delegates took a streetcar
rice about the city. A trip on the bay
Y.-ill be enjoyed by the delegates to-day.
The bakers and confectioners will de
mnnd an increase of waees on July L
They ask for an increase of 15 per cent
all along the line. A schedule is now be
ing prepared with a view toward submit
ting- 5t to the international union for ap
proval
it .was reported last night that many
of the unions affiliated with the Building
Trades Council were contemplating mak
ing a break to free themselves from the
domination of P. H. McCarthy and his
corps of lieutenants. The Journeymen
plumbers' and steam and gas fitters'
union met last night and considered the
mutter of withdrawing from the council
entirely. Although the step was. not
taken it was learned that the movement
had many advocates in the union and
that if some ether union takes the initia
tive the plumbers will •walk out in a
body.
The builders aeclare that the existing
troubles are doing immense damage to
the building interests, ilore than fifty
large buildings, the erection of which was
about to be oegun are being delayed on
account of the uncertainty of the labor
market at the present time. Capitalists
who contemplated putting up buildings
are abandoning the idea because they will
take no chances of tying up big money in
incoixipleted structures. Meanwhile the
¦si'orkitigmen themselves are forced to lose
time and money because of the differ
ences existing between the McCarthy fac
tion and the brotherhood.
The builders point out in their, com
munication that the building interests of
the city are suffering greatly by reason of
the unreasonable strife going on
between factions which ought of"
right to be working • in harmony
together. and that the incessant
stoppage of work because of the
calling out of men will result in great
loss, not only to the builders, but to the
vrorkingmon themselves. The unions are
asked to allow men to work with any
carpenter wno has a union card and thus
assist in restoring peace, the theory be
ing that so long as the carpenters are
union men it makes little difference
whether they are affiliated with a locar
or national organization.
The troubles existing between the
Building Trades Council and the Broth
erhood of Carpenters and Joiners have
have been made the subject of an appeal
addressed to all the trades unions by the
Builders' Protective Association. In this
appeal the builders request ail affiliated
unions to remain neutral in the fight now
being: waged.
Governor Gage Considerately
Sends Regrets for Not
Attending.
If Neutrality Be Maintained,
Fight Will Soon Be
Ended.
Mayor E. Schmitz Wel
comes Workingmen
to the Irish Fair.
Shattuc of Ohio Advises
Better Control of
Aliens.
Methods of Canadian Cor
porations Denounced
in the House.
Builders Ask for Aid in
the Carpenters' Con
troversy.
UNIONS MAKE
FINE DISPLAY
SCORES SHIPPERS
OF IMMIGRANTS
MAKE APPEAL
TO UNION MEN
THE SAN FIIAKCISCO CALL, THIJKS^
J. A. Hull, Who Fled From Chicago to
Avoid Capture, Is Found Working in
Office of Marley Hay at Union Iron Works
POLICE ARREST DARING CROOK
FOR THEFT OF DIAMOND JEWELRY
5
ADVEBTTSEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
R J]
Vw^SS MARKET ST. SJr^Sw^
naces and Cooking,
There Is no tutl tbat will compare with cok«
Delivered in any quantity. Country ord-ri
•elicited. P. A. McUONALD. KL3 l^.om kt
COKE! COKE!
Cheap, Clean Fuel for Grates, Fur-
Stomach Bitters.
When the stomach is weak
your food remains undigested,
and you fail to receive the
proper nourishment from it.
Try a dose of Hostettsr's
Stomach Bitters after each m^al.
It will aid ihe stomach in i:s
work of digestion'. and prevent
Dyspepsia, Constipation, B.lious.
ness and Necvousness. Try it.
A WEAK STOMACH
DR. PIEBCE'S REMEDIES. /
fhere is a great needof motherly watch-
fnlness ana care. A growing girl needs^
all her strength, and if she is tiervous:
and melancholy, and loses appetite there
is surely someiihing wrong. This is espe-
cially true as the young girl approaches
that important pe- ¦ ' " ' ' ; ' ' ' "' r ¦ ¦
riod of change
when the woman-
ly function is es- ffl^|7/<^wSi
tablished. Time- m^^^^SHM
ly care and proper / Sv^^S
treatment at this i
perio4 ; ;may save; WfW^^^
much after suf- >mW/ vJtZ^Tii 1|
girls who are %—&ti<S^&&i ' 1
nervous, melan- *jn
choly,' and irreg- \ ffA
ular of appetite, £ttg$$JM lti$Lm
is Dr. Pierce's Fa- '^^^KiMMj^l
v o r i t e Prescrip-
tion. It cures
nervousness, diz-
ziness, and melan- •••¦J*^^^^^^H®3|!
choly, promotes ¦H^f^^ffll
the appetite, and WWMSMM'
gives the body l^Jr^^^nmfmfM \
robust health. 'Sz^X^fmlUjsJU^^^'
There is, no alco-' //^^fffmfnf^m ¦
hoi in "Favorite VjW /////MW
Prescription" and /(W'"!//////'////^
it is entirely free TW^SfwW&^Simrf^^
from opium, co- 2 ™
caine, and all L^^ii^r f
other narcotics. ' ' "'.'-'• "¦"¦¦
'.'.: « JIv daughter was troubled with dizziness and
.-onstlpation • and ; iwas very nervous for - five
/ears," writes Mrs. M. Carter, of 1545 4th Street,
tf. W., Washington. D. C. "I tried several doc-
tors but they gave her no relief. At times she
i/OuId eat nothing, had green and purple circles
aider her eyes, and was melancholy. .A woman
j 'riend of mine told me to trv your ' Favorite
Prescription ' and ' Pleasant Pellets • which I did/
'After taking one bottle of each she began to im-
yrove and is still Improving. . People said she
j xiked as though she were going into a decline.
She is twelve years old. There are ; no drcles
around her eyes now and she Is . healthy and *
robust, eats as much as any child, and is grow-
ing fatter every day. 1 ? '¦¦¦¦¦:. ¦ ¦.
: Dr.' Pierce's Pellets regulate the bowels.
JOE BOSENBEBG'S.
|| J^^-'^i We lbou ° llt from tho Star Neck- S
§1 j^teftf* wear Company, one of the finest |]
!P manufacturers in • the ' TJnited M
• i C^^^^^T^^^^^^ "ifl C They are mad3 of the finest Chif - I
H ' S "CJJ fons > Liberty Silks and Mous- 0
ijjjj <vl^^§itC /Ssipimlifiift!' "-S *- seline de Soie. Trimmed in all B
1 vO§ v§«&y^*^ "Js this season's newest styles. Come f
I Jliir /SfCS n^ "* B^ ac^» "White, Black trimmed \
» J&$& jUlln £ with White, and White trimmed g
H /5p*ll\ \&lv] E9 Mind you, they ara only the flu ||
fl ilP^l rlf «£> est and tlle est - Not e poorest |j
H fcl ic Av^Ms^k o 2 ? 5 - 00 Buche now .... $2.98 U
B W^MM\ !»5iii£?S 0. ° ? 7 -50 Buche now y . . . $5.50 m
Wi?MWf$3 vJHlij^KJ <ti S ?10.00 Ruche now . . . . $6.95 Bj
m^$0A JS^fNIff £: $12.00 Ruche now .... $3.50 '|j
¦ °f & Regular 25c Collar Now 10c. a
ftStil^iafcrail&M^? *O O v?fvr»9iJJ>*~>M*Z*X5- LADIES' TURN- H
'¦" ° ° OVER COLLARS ||
j^^dr^^^i^^*^^^i T\ tL Itv Hnen. hand-embroidered with best I j
'4v?^5»^l3^^ l^^Ci^t^iS w i\ quality wash silk; come in different a
i»^^.M*^(i^«^%»wS^!X X\ combinations such as green with white »j
lal^P^^P^^i^RlM i» embroidery, white with black embroid- ||
**" ery> whlte with pink embroidery and EJ
many other combinations too numer- fe|
"cfor^m^WsNcW*^ "£ ous t0 enumerate. You'll be pleased gj
K^^I^M^P^ ' with these values 10c g
H , Another Sample Line. ladies* over-collars, made of II
SI^kTiTo^^^^ SldeTovS 1
foritnr^ S^ gS ' O c ? llar ' some e<J S ed wlth flne Valen- H
I All these goods are of very finest qual- trance. / i Kg
j Ity and sell retail-for 55.00 and 57.50 ,- „ _ . . ' H
] •wlde, y ryd S ff e Aic 2 e.3 a Sc indToc * W8 S™^ at M^ 1
SMrt Waists at 29c. ladies- ifWLe O f bes t 1
j J&* A WONDER FOR THE ffiStS^^&ria Sff; ?S I
rt@fs\ WT.X. " 1 "^^*» Inexpensive. Only lOo 6
', J/n/iifW They are made of good • 1UC e
i /MC^illAH percale, plain back, ir A C^aiwlifnrf W« 1~«~La I "
\\\Wy \Xt ful1 froiU ' adjustable col- 1(0 bloTClllIIg. flO 1101110^. £
IvV^^SA) lar, new sleeves, In stripe «-«• i rm. E
\l *tf patterns; all colors. Only.. vt*i z most comfort- K
' •- .. °Oo * \J,T able LADIES' P
""¦*, " •"" *- j*b*^. DRAWERS made. £
In Our Hosiery Department. ' j^^ %? ISaSS- I
Fine line LADIES' HOSE JUST RE- W /^ V^tV umbrella drawers, r
CEIVED, made of best quality Egypt- '*Lj' ( T*7E$ made of the very B •
Ian cotton, double heels and toes, war- *® ¦ \! ifr& finest English cot- |
ranted fast black, in the new Parisian M&9' >H ton> J ers ey knit, full S
lace effect, ribbed top or plain, with jK3F5«r width, trimmed with if
white feet. Equal to any 50c hose- >aeF W four-Inch wide knit tl
now • — *5 C lace. They're finished y
45C Instead Of $1.00. sid e and draw S t3. § Muf Se be n 3! I
| AN OPPORTUNITY NOT TO BE to bo appreciated. All sizes. A small I
p OVERLOOKED. store with the smallest price 50c |
I a2T!±S^SS 1 IS! n JS?i'S?iiS: I EverlasHDg Beanflflers. ' fe
H TlAn't Mice TTiio • border, dotted or figured. Joe Rosen-
I1J0I1 I MISS IMS. S berg is never undersold. These veils !
r£ - ' Bought the entire now * "^ 15c
vfi . show room samples of «* t»-»-»i. t» i« i *• .» " I
jj^A. white skirts from a re- x i® FTenCIl BatlStC C0rS8tS
S«j5#VVr7vA tiring skirt manufac- ST r - „ ( „„ ;
Th^L «S turer, who. being anx- »\ KOW uOC
lJT^mjjSwJ ious to wind up his af- ;C^ i^n.tUU fc
l^^^^i^ irS> sold . the , m Jo us fean LADIES' CORSETS.made of *
Va^j^r©> at an unheard of figr- Vftt good quality Batiste or sum- !
T%3*£2ig? ure. We. as usual, will Wdl mer netting, straight front fi
m allow our patrons to |<SM/| satin ribbon bound, low bust!
{ . - - share our luck. ' . frM medium hips: colors, pink
J Here are a few of the many: Wwift blue and white. As good as j
g LADIES' WHITE SKIRTS, made of * BR|(H man y » corsets. Now... 50c £
! good quality Lonsdale cambric, with in m\ M f«, in* U
flounce neatly hemstitched, full length *^ i"S 10" 1UC. v
and wtdth. Regular 90c skirt, now.... LADIES' AND GENTS' STRINO
•• oOc TIES, made of fine white lawn full '
IW ANOTHER— LADIES' SKIRT, good length. Our price, 10c a dozen i
quality muslin, flounce trimmed with -l
three insertions of extra strong tor- /£\ Fnnal TMc If Vnn
chon lace, edged with lace, extra dust gf&d "H 1 "" lfllS II lOU . |
ruffle. Regular J2.00 skirts, now \» 7, «„_
-«i.i0 ,j^L - Can.
button-hole edge embroidery, extra \Np*r.i5w* ed edep nmnint ,{.,n,,\, «
dust ruffle. Regular $2.50 skir^ now™ withVJS^-°SSS !
•• 31.05 Pink and blue. Now r......,iOc
80P ROQFNRPRP 8 ? 6 market street, |
•9 U L IIUvLllUl.riU Running through to 11 O'FarreH. p
Mail Orders Solicitea. PHELAN BUILDING. ' \
B-KATSCHINSKI
PHILADELPHIA SHOE GO.
10 THIRD STREET, SAN FRANCISCO.
We Are Bound to Lead
We are going after the trade of
this city and we acknowledge it,
and we are going to give such
bargains and offer such induce-
ments that the trade is bound to
buy. We intend to keep our store
crowded every day if offering tho
best values for the least money
will do it. Now here is a special- — -
Ladies' finest Vici Kid Oxford
Ties, cloth or kid tops, coin toes
and tips, . turned soles and French
heels. REDUCED TO $1.95 A
PAIR.
Children's Tan Shoes
9 THE BEST YET. Misses' and
Children's Tan Vici Kid Lace
Shoes, straight foxed, new coin
toes and tips and spring heels.
New goods just received. Every
pair guaranteed. Widths B to E.
Child's sizes 7 to 11 $1.25
Misses' sizes 11% to 2 $1.50
SPECIALS NOW BEING OFFERED
Ladies' extra high cut Canvas
Lace Shoes, 10 inches high. .SI.*);;
Ladles' "button and ' lace shoes,
sizes 7 to 8, reduced to J)5
Ladles' Canvas Oxford Ties, in
Trhite, tan or gray, reduced to
si.oo
Misses' and Children's cloth top.
button or lace, reduced to... ,J>i"»
Men's tan Congress and Lace
Shoes, broken lines, worth from
$3.00 to $5.00, reduced to 81.05
We do not guarantee to fill coun-
try orders on Sale Shoes.
B. KATSCHINSKI,
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.
iO THIRD STREET.
£an Francisco.
I LOW TEETH RATES jj
IDrexIer's Reduced Prices Continue E
for THREE WEEKS. S
Full set Best Teeth (Drexler ape- I
cial) $4. $10 gold crowns for S3 I
and $5 gold fillings for 81 .50. t!
Only Expert Dentists; only purest B
Drexhr Painless Dental Co. I
B Of New York. £
H SAN FRANCISCO PARLOR3 110* f
a MARKET ST., Cor. Turk. - I
Q Send for our free book, "Car* of I
H the Teeth." - - . - ¦ |And burn, and make you tired all over? Allen's
Foct-Ease makes the shoes comfortable. ¦ rests
and cools the feet and makes walking easy. At
all druggists and shoe stores, 25c. Sample sent
Free. Address Allen S. Olmsted, Le Roy, N. T.
Do Tour Feet Ache
The Northern Pacific Railway la the best,
cheapest and quickest route. From Lewiston
and Stltes. Idaho, there are good wagon roads
to either "Warrens or Dixie, from -which points
the trails into this district are most accessible.
For rates, etc.. address T. K. STATELEIC
G. A.. 64T Market St.. S. F.
PP Going to Thunder Mountain PP
St. Joseph (Mo.) negroes are so supersti
tious that the • street railway company*
there has found it necessary to take oft
car No. 13 from one of its lines.
Townsend's California glace fruit, 50c a
pound, in fire-etched boxes or Jap. bask
ets. A nice present for Eastern friends.
639 Market St., Palace Hotel building:. *
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tha
Txcss Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 230 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 1042. • '
Note 81 4th (front barber and grocery),
gen. eyeglasses, specs. 10c to 40c, 9 to 5. *
Prunes stuffed with apricots. Townsend's.*
CaL glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
Women have chosen strange careers for
themselves in various parts of the world.
For Instance, in Georgia, a woman not
only personally delivers mail over a forty
mile route, riding over a scantily settled
region thrice weekly during the year, but
manages a large farm as well, doing
much of the manual labor, such as
plowing, harrowing, sowing and har
vesting, and supports by her energy and
courage a family of four. A short dis
tance from Savannah resides a widow
who has for the last two years madd
more than a comfortable income as a
Government contractor, bidding for the
removal of wrecks, anchoring of buoys,
building of Jetties and dredging. The.
New London Northern Railway employs
the only woman train dispatcher In the
world. Her responsibility is great, her
hours from 7 o'clock In the morning to 9
In the evening:, her duties a continual
nervous and mental strain. She receives
the same compensation paid the men oc
cupying similar positions.— Buffalo Times
Unusual Occupations for Women.
The advertisers of the North End have
well shown their appreciation of their
local mouthpiece and supported It with a
Uberality that speaks for themselves as
well as Its deserving.
The fraternal organizations and the
Fire Department, with other features, re
ceive deserved notice, and the importance
of tunneling Telegraph Hill 13 well set
forth and supported by facts and argu
ments.
Among the other well known writers
who have helped to make the issue inter
esting are: Helen Ellsworth Wright,
Catherine Hlttell, Augusta Bromley Fow
leV, Eugenia Kellogg Holmes, Belle Kant,
Lillian Cushlng, Luella G. Harton, Car
roil Sayres, Arthur Bodley Watson and
Cornwell Wright.
Rev. Samuel Slocombe contributes an
excellent article on the organized religions
of the .North End, and the various clergy
men of the section and the principals of
the schools have furnished the data con
cerning the schools and churches, the ar
ticles being well illustrated.
Mayor Schmitz leads off on the first
page with "The Voice of the North End."
followed by Andrea Sbarboro with "The
Future of the North End" and I* A. Rea
with 'Traces of Our Former Glory." tell
ing of- the days when the Larkins, Hoges,
McAllisters, Gwlns, Haights and other
notables made their homes there. These
articles are well worth reading, as are
those that follow by A. Ruef, Richard,
Wheeler and others, who write of the
commercial possibilities of the section.
The North End Review, published at
1318 Stockton street, came out on Satur
day last as an "Improvement Edition,"
which is a credit to the editorial, compos
ing and press departments of that paper.
The matter Is interesting, there is much
news on important subjects, the typo
graphical work and make-up are clean
and pleasant to the eye and the press
work is not a whit behind.
ENTERPRISING
SPIRIT OF THE
NORTH END
What Won Her-— "I thought she was
going to marry Tom?" "No; Jack."
"Whry. she told me Tom was willing to
die for her and—" "Yes; but Jack of
fered to make a good living for her."—
Philadelphia Press.
"I should like to ask you, Mr. Relter, as
a successful literary man. what is an au
thor's hardest struggle?"
"Staying successful, young man."—In
dianapolis News.
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
HIGHLAND DANCER WHO AP
PEARED AT CALEDONIAN
CLUB'S ENTERTAINMENT.
All the numbers were encored.
After the concert the floor was cleared
for dancing, which was kept up till an
early hour. The reception committee, con
sisted of J. A. McLeod. William Mitehell,
Walter Reed, J. B. Johnstone and Allan
McKinnon.
; A proposition is on foot to increase the salary of
the Assessor. ; Those poll-tax collections and' their
attendant perquisites seem to have made a difference
The Danish Parliament is still threatening itself
with apoplexy in its discussion of the propriety of
selling the Danish West Indies to us. The gentle
men should hurry to a conclusion or there may be
no islands to seil.
Canada, it is said, intends to make an elaborate
commercial r war upon our shipping. This appears
to be another indication that our northern neighbor
jVambitious if not discreet.
The Baltimore American says Admiral Crownin
shield pronounces his name,."Crurishell," and if that
be so he is the right man to send to/the coronation
of Edward.., The British will hail him as a long-lost
brother. ¦ ,;
BUTCHERS'. PICNIC— O.. North Oak
land,' Cal. The butchers' picnic In the
year, 1001 at Shell Mound was held on the
22d of May. v '
THE DARK OF THE MOON— R. G. R.,
Lewis Creek, Cal. "The". dark of the
moon" is that time in the month when the
moon ¦ is not' seen.'
CONTRACT MARRIAGE— A. C. B., At
water, Cal. Contract' marriages are no
longer recognized in California and have
not been since the repeal of the law that
permitted such.
DIME AND MINT MARK— P., Citv. A
I dime of 1872 issued out of the San Fran
cisco branch ', Mint does not command a
premium. All coins of the United States
that do, not bear a mint mark were coined
in the parent mint.at Philadelphia, v .
'.AN OLD ; MAP— W. H. P. r Marysville,
Cal. *A map of the Pacific Coast by John
i C. Fremont, drawn in 1S43, certainly pos
sesses some valufe as a historical relic.
Yo.i might offer it to the State Library
at Sacramento, and-if there Is not a du
plicate of the same there, you will un
doubtedly be' told of its value.'
AS HIGH AS GILDEROYS KITE— W.,
Phllo, Mendocino County, Cal. Gilderoy
is a' corruption of Gillie Roy, a,red-head
ed gllly. It was the soubriquet of a'Scot
tish outlaw, Pat Macgregor, of the same
clan as Rob ; Roy, who j infested the high
lands of Petershlre. In retaliation for the
capture; of a couple of his followers he
renewed ,his depredations" with sufch vio
lence that the aroused people turned ou-t
toibring him: to, justice. : He and a num
ber of his nien were captured, tried and
hanged In Edinburgh June, 1836, he being
accorded a gallows high above his fel
lows," his body maintaining ,the bad pre
eminence when all were hanged in chains.
In . the .Scottish language kite; or kyte
means stomach _ or belly, and there is 'an
easy; extension "to sometimes apply the
term >. to the; whole body. \ Therefore the
expression "as high ; as {Gllderoy's kite"
or as high as Gilderoy^s carcass, : ;
Some of the worthy gentlemen who are making
history for us in Congress insist that we need a great
navy. Perhaps they have an idea that the bigger the
navy the better the opportunity for scandais'and that
we like that sort of thing.
The fact cannot be too often repeated that the
bosses see to it that their men are registered and
that they, go to the pells on election day. The San
Jose boss was defeated not because any of his old
following deserted him, for it is said his total poll
was .but forty short of what it- was in the previous
election when he won a sweeping victory. The de
feat was caused by the fact that the opponents of
bossism performed their political duty. The issue
before them is .therefore quite plain. So long as they
FROM the city election in San Jose there is to
be derived more than one lesson. It furnishes
not only an illustration of what can be accom
plished by a resolute people against the bosses
backed by Gage and Billy Herrin, but it also em
phasizes the need of registration on the part of all
good citizens. The total registration in San Jose
was slightly over 4800, and in the election 4518 votes
wefc cast. The plurality of the citizens' candidate
was but 322. It will be perceived that had any con
siderable number of good citizens neglected to regis
ter or to go to the polls the bosses would have at
tained a triumph instead of being overwhelmed in
defeat.
Humanity knows few crimes more hideous than
that committed by demons in the robbery of the
dead on the. island of Martinique. And humanity
would view with equanimity the inyentiorTof a pun
ishment to fit the crime in. horror.
A LESSON PROM SAN JOSE.
It is said that the island of Martinique may ' be
swallowed up by the sea. Fearful as is this possi
bility, there may be some of us selfish enough to
suggest that a few islands perhaps in the Pacific
might share the same fate.
Scientists are expressing the opinion that the hor
rifying eruption of Mont Pelee and its island neigh
bors will remodel the West Indies. This carries with
it at least the congratulation that the remodeled isl
ands can't be worse than they are now.
Through some oversight at Washington Eastern
Texas has been left without a Deputy Marshal. Can
it be possible that this is part of' a plot to incite 'our
Southern friends to an expression of their ideas of
liberty and then introduce martial law?
ANSWERS TO QUEUES.
It is announced that a number of workmen are en
gaged in putting a new roof on President Roosevelt's
house at Oyster Bay, and that is the first intimation
the country has had that the President is' not able
to raise the roof for himself whenever he chooses.
Californians in New York.
NEW YORK, May 21.-The following
Californians have arrived: San Fran
cisco — Dr. Bitten McComb, at the Granc
Union; J. H. Matthews. A. Stangenberger
B. Hausman, at the Herald: Square; E. S
Valentine, at the Victoria;' S. S. "Curtis
at the St Denis. .
San Diego— L. L. Boone. G. W. Man ton
at the Manhattan; D. F. Reynolds, at the
Victoria. J
Santa Barbara— H. A. R. Vaile. at th<
Criterion; H. H. Lincoln, at the Manhat
tan;. • ' ¦ ' •'•¦ .
Los Angeles— Mrs. Trout, at the Nor
mandie.
Peter F. Dailey, the popular comedian
is here from New York accompanied bj
his wife and is at the Paface.
Dr. E. W. Biddle of Healdsburg is at
the Lick.'
L. "W. Fulkerth, an attorney of Modesto,
is at the Lick. - .
G. M. Martin, a merchant of Watson
ville, is at the Lick.
A. B. Corey, railroad contractor of Og
den, is, at the Lick.
Frank H. Buck, a fruit grower of Vaca
ville, is at the Palace.
The Rev. Father T. M. Tuleman of Vir-
ginia City is at the Lick.
Louis F. Breuner, a furniture dealer of
Sacramento, is at the Palace.
Dr. J. S. Bishop of Astoria, accom
panied by his family, la at the Lick.
Graham E. Babcock," son of Manager
Babcock of Coronado, is at the Palace.
What would be the salaries of this host of employes?
The amendment says; "The Legislature may from
time to time in its discretion regulate the salaries of
all clerks and employes, but, failing so to do, the
commission shall have the power to fix the same."
It is plain that it would be to the advantage of both
the Legislature and the commission to make the sala
ries large ns well as numerous. As the Commission
ers would be likely to distribute patronage where it
would do mest good, the legislators who received it
would be naturally desirous to make it worth some
thing. If they were .'Jraid to fix the. salaries as high
ns desired, they would have simply to decline to act,
ind then the Commissioners could fix /hem.
Bear in mind that this is but one of the many
evil' features cf the smendment The corporations
are working for big things this time. Is it any won
der they should stand by Gage or that Gage should
It is hardly necessary to point out that a commis
sion clothtd with so wide an appointing power and
working in harmony with the great corporations
could well nigh dominate the politics of the State.
It would have an enormous patronage to distribute
tmong Senators and Assemblymen and a vast num
ber of favors to bestow at the expense of the tax
payers. With such patronage available in every
county and mtsricipality it would have an influence
&1 Sacramento that would enable it to well nigh dic
tate the passage of laws favorable to corporations
and the election of corporation tools to the United
States Senate. *
Having such widespread duties to perform in every
county, the commission will have excuse for enlist
ing a hoide of employes. There are fifty-seven
county Boards of Supervisors in California and up
ward of 100 city or town councils. The commission
would have authority to establish an office and em
ploy agents and clerks in every one of those coun
ties and municipalities, and could have other clerks
and employes to look after the work hitherto done
by Railroad, Bank and Insurance commissions. Fur
thermore, it is to have power to appoint just as many
of these employes as it "may deem necessary," and
"all expenses and salaries shall be paid by the State."
That provision is not portentous on its face, but
when the full scope of the powers of the commission
is considered it will be seen to be per
nicious. The proposed commission is to be clothed
with the powers of the Railroad Commissioners,
Bank Commissioners, Insurance Commissioners, and
so far as dealings- with corporations are concerned it
is to be the successor under the constitution and
laws of the State of Boards of Supervisors and city
and county or city and town councils and other gov
erning bodies of counties and municipalities.
The amendment provides: "The commission shall
have a general office in such place as it may deter
mine- from time to time, and shall appoint such
clerks and employes as it may from time to time
deem necessary, and shall be allowed all necessary
cost of travel in performance of duties, and all ex
penses and salaries in the premises shall be paid by
lhe State."
ONE of the pernicious features of the scheme
embodied in Assembly constitutional amend
ment No. 28, which Gage and the corpora
tion bosses are trying to carry through, is the extra
ordinary power of appointment it confers upon the
commission. We pointed out yesterday that as Gage
would have the appointment of the Commissioners
in the first instance, and as the succeeding members
are to be elected for ten years, there would be one
district in the State whose representative on the
commission would be subject to the popular vote
but once in the next twenty years, another but once
in eighteen years, and a third but once in sixteen
years. As the amendment provides that the act of a
majority of the board is to bt the act of the board,
the three men having the long terms would virtually
be the whole board. We now direct attention to the
appointing powers the three appointees of Gage will
have during their long continuance in office.
THE CORPORATION SCHEME.
.PERSONAL MENTION.
THE entertainment. given by the Cal
edonian Club in Scottish Hall last
night, preparatory to the annual
games at Shell Mound Park on
May 30, was a marked success in
every respect. The hall was crowded to
the doors and many of the audience could
not obtain ..seats. The members of the
club ¦ wore their new tartan plaids and
bonnets for the first .time. Another pleas
ing feature was the presence of the Brit
ish American Rifles in khaki uniform, un
der command of Lieutenant Birdwood.
Chief A. M. Macpherson presided and
made a few introductory remarks.
The programme was an exceptionally
good one. It consisted of Highland danc
ing in • costume by Frances Dougherty,
Lizzie Ferguson, Elaine Duhem and Vir
ginia Schultz, pupils' of Miss Sibyl Camp
bell; songs by Miss Eleanor Tealing, Miss
Hattie Wilson, Miss L. Cheffers and Miss
Daisy Kean; fencing by Miss Sibyl Camp
bell and. Professor Reid; sword specialties
by Professor Reid; recitation by Miss
Tryphenia Pritchard; Highland fling by
James Trevethick, four and a half years
old; the sword dance by Miss Sibyl.Qamp
bell. and selections on the bagpipes' by
Pipers Lindsay and Ross. Miss -Sibly
Campbell was enthusiastically applauded
for her dancing, as it was full of exquis
ite grace and charm, and the boy met
with an equally enthusiastic reception.
It has been the custom of the advocates of the
Nicaragua' route to belittle the danger of volcanic ac
tion in that part of the world by the assertion that
the Central American volcanoes are exhausted, and
that there is no more reason to fear an eruption from
them than to fear another destructive fire in Chicago
like that which swept the city some years ago. The
outbreak at Pelee puts an end to that easy reassur
ance. That volcano was believed to be as harmless
as either of the three around Lake Nicaragua. At
any rate since' the commercial advantages of one
route are about as good as those of another, and the
cost will be about the same in eachj' it would appear
; nothing more than good common sense to select the
safe route and not put too much trust in volcanoes
.on the supposition that they are not loaded.
A recent review of the contrast between the two
routes in that regard says: 'The isthmus of Pan
ama forms part of an uplift of land, non- volcanic in
origin and running east and west, which antedates in
geologic time the upheaval of the. continental vol
canic rampart of the Andes and the. 'fire circle' of
Central America^ both of which have a general di
rection from north to south. The stability ,of the
isthmian uplift is shown by the fact that it remained
unaffected by the convulsions in which the towering
Andes and the Central American Cordilleras were
evolved. The instability of the region of Lake
Nicaragua, ort the other hand, is made manifest by
the scientifically proven fact that the waters of the
lake once were an arm of the Pacific, though now
raised one hundred feet above the level, of that ocean
and separated from the same- by a chain of moun
tains. Above all is the instability of the region at
tested by the presence of numerous volcanoes."
Experts differ so completely as to the economic
merits of the rival routes that the general mass of
the people have been unable to decide between them.
Seemingly there was about as much to be said on
one side as the other. Such' being the case, the
question of security from volcanic action ought to
be decisive.
It is barely, possible that the new argument may
suffice to put an end to the indecision of Congress on
the subject. Should it be so the country would be
well pleased, for the great mass of Americans are
not partisans of either route. They wish the canal,
and would, accept : with • equal gratification either
Nicaragua or Panama. The one annoying feature of
the question for some time past has been the ap
parent deadlock- in Congress over the route, and now
if the Martinique calamity put an end to the con
troversy it will be looked upon as one of the evils
which after all was attended by some good.
QUT of the terrific eruption of volcanic action
in the West Indies there has come a re
newed _ agitation of the isthmian canal ques
tion. The advocates. of Panama insist that to con
struct ja canal through the volcanic country along
the Nicaragua route in the face of the dread expe
rience of Martinique and St. Vincent would be a
folly amounting to a crime. They demand, therefore,
a prompt acceptance' of the Panama route and jj the
abandonment of all further efforts in the 'direction, of
Nicaragua.
VOLCANOES AND THE CANAL.
. Three days after the horrifying disaster at St.
Pierre the interesting inhabitants of Fort de France,
twenty miles away on the same island, plunged into
the excitement of a local election. Perhaps it would
have been better if Mont Pelee had been nearer Fort
de France than the city which had passed into dread
history.
THURSDAY MAY 22, 1002
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
lUrtit All CcEiccckctiors to W. S. LEAEE, Kiniger.
TELEPHONES.
/Lsk for THE CALL. The Operator Will Connect
You With the Department You Wish.
PIBUCATIOX OFFICE... Blarltet and Third. S. F.
EDITORIAL ROOMS.. ...S17 to 221 SteTen»o» St.
twllvered hr Cnrrlerw. 15 Cent* Per Weete.
Mncrlo Cople*. B Cent*.
Trrm* by Mall. Including Pontnirei
CAILT CaLI, OncIucSins Sunday), one year J«.(V»
3DAILT CAT.I. Oncludlne Funday), 6 months Jt.00
PAILT CALL (including Sunday). 3 months........ 1..V)
DAILY CALL— By Single Month .' 65e
fCKDAT CALL. One Tear 1.80
WEEKLY CAL.L. On« Year l.OO
Air postmaster* nre authorised to receive
• abitrrlptlnni.
Cample copies will be lorrrarded when requested.
11*11 rabocrlbera In' ordering change of address should b«
rcrtlcclar to give both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to Insure a prompt ana correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE 111S llroadxrar
C. GEORGE KROGXESS.
Vittger Fcreign Advertising, Kerqcette Building. Chicago.
<Long Distance Telephone '"Central 2619.")
JCEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
I. C. CARLTOV . . . Herald Sqnare*.
XEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
tTEPHEX II. SMITH.. 3O Tribune Building
NEW YO'RK NEWS STANDS:
Waldcrf- Astoria Hctel; A. Brentano. 31 Union Square;
Murray Hill Hctel.
WASHIXGTOtf <D. O OFFICE. . ..MOO G St., N. W.
• 310HTO.V 12. CUA.Vi:. Correspondent.
DRA5CCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until 8:30 o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. 633
McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clock. 615 Larkln. open until
9:30 o'clock. 1941 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261
Market, comer Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1096. Va
lencia, open until 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9
c'clocV. NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open
until 9 o'clock. 2200 Klllmore. cren until 9 p. m.
To demonstrate that the Judge has decided what
was in no sense before him the Examiner introduces
the views of medicasters and doctorlets-of various de
grees, of immaturity, and demonstrates again that in
Hearst's papers the State has a plague more injurious
to its interests, more fatal to its prosperity and more
sinister in its capacity for evil than all the epidemics
known among men.
The opinion of Judge Sloss has no relation" .what
ever to the bad judgment of the board in the matter
of the plague. It is a bare and impartial statement of
the law that official title cannot be tried by a pro
ceeding for injunction.
As far as the Board of Health was mistaken it had
the encouragement of all of .Hearst's papers, at a
time when The Call and the other papers here were
calmly refuting the claim that plague was in this city.
Events proved that we were right and the Examiner'
willfully wrong. Criminal effrontery exhausts its ca
pacity for malice in the charge now made that Judge
Sloss is doing what Hearst labored with devilish in
genuity and tireless repetition to do and to encourage
this same Board of Health in doing for months, to
the injury of California.
Sheer diabolism never went further. The first news
sent out 'from San Francisco affirming that the
plague was here was not sent by the Board of
Health, but went from the Examiner to Mr. Hearst's
New York Journal. In that paper, on the authority
of the Examiner, it was published under display
headings, occupying a page illustrated with pictures
of victims bursting with the disorder and with ac
companying text telling every alarming and horrify
ing* tale that deviltry could suggest. Mr. Hearst's
papers continued for months doing that which the
Examiner now says, merits quarantine and ruin to the
State.
It is very difficult to treat this Examiner pretense
with moderation. Carrying it out, that paper says
that the old board engaged* in "disseminating slan
derous information about San Francisco in every
city on the civilized globe. * * * They procured
the publication of statements reflecting on the health
conditions of San Francisco and which were calcu
lated to do immeasurable damage, not only to this
city, but to every industry in California. But there
is no plague here and there has been no plague here.
Not a single case of plague in a living person has
ever been seen by the Board of Health of San Fran-'
cisco." Therefore Mr. Hearst's paper pretends that
the legal title of that board to its office is determined
by the existence or non-existence of plague and that
the decision of Judge Sloss that such title can be tried
only by quo warranto is a decision that plague is
here! :
In the face of all this the Examiner lampoons the
Judge and misrepresents his decision and the prin
ciples upon which it rests. But, not content with
this, that paper goes further and declares that it is
in effect a judicial decision that the bubonic plague
exists here and makes necessary a quarantine against
the State because the old board professed to have
found that disease in this city!
The case is perfectly plain. The issue to be settled
is the Mayor's right to give and take away the title
to the office. This arises under the new charter, and
it is most desirable that it be judicially decided. This
cannot be done under proceedings for a writ of in
junction, therefore the suit for that purpose was vain,
because the fact to be -determined was out of range
of the action. The law provides that the right of
anybody to an official function can be tested by quo
warranto. It is a proper law, based on a proper
legal principle, and the point decided by Judge Sloss
has been passed upon in myriads* of actions by the
courts of this country and Great Britain.
The Examiner has shown vicious industry in at
tacking the* courts and teaching its credulous readers
that Judges make the law and have freedom of choice
to enforce it or not, as they see fit. Its. second at
tack on Judge Sloss is especially and peculiarly in
famous. A proceeding was instituted in'liis court to
test the issue of title between the two rival Boards of
Health in this city. The Mayor ousted the old board
and appointed a new one. The old board sought to
enjoin the new from exercising the functions of the
office. That right rests upon the title of the office.
Intelligent laymen know that title -to an office can
not be tried by injunction. Judge Sloss so decided,
and put the burden of proof on the old board by de
ciding that it is still in office, but must prove its title
under quo warranto proceeding.
General Grant was not the first man to discover
that the best way to secure repeal of a bad law is by
its strict enforcement. As long as the courts do not
enforce it, its character remains unknown to the peo
ple. When an action is brought under it the court
cannot refuse its enforcement on the ground that it
is a bad law. His judicial oath requires the faithful
enforcement of the law, and if harm come of it 'the
fault is not his, but rests with the law-making body.
One can imagine nothing more harmful to the ad
ministration of justice than teaching the people that
courts are responsible for the laws they administer.
IN two cases of importance recently before him
Judge Sloss has rendered decisions which no
doubt properly interpret and apply the "law. The
Judge does not make the law. It comes to him for
construction and application to cases that are in his
court $or trial. Many statutes may be of questionable
wisdom, but they may, be unwise without being un
constitutional, and .if constitutional they must be ap
plied to cases brought under, them.
That lesson applies to every city in the'State., In
an especial sense it is applicable to San Francisco.
In every election in this city "there are a considerable
number of people who do not vote, nor do they
even register so as to secure the privilege of voting
should they desire to do so. It is for that reason
bosses in control of a minority of voters attain such
undue influence in the city. If the workingmen,
busmessmen and professional men would register,
organize and rouse themselves to their political du
ties there would 'never be any danger from the
bosses and their push. Herrin might continue to
draw a salary for "pernicious activity" as long as
President Harriman is willing to pay it, but he would
no longer be a menace to San " Francisco. With a
full vote of the better elements of the community the
bosses would be powerless for harm and would soon
lose their influence even with the gangs that have
hitherto obeyed them. _-
attend to politics and look upon it : as a part of the
business of J the community in. which every citizen
should take part they can give their city a good gov
ernment free from boss control, but if they fall again
into the habit of neglecting to register or to vote
the well - organized . machine (of the boss will do its
work with the old-time effectiveness and the boss will
return to power.
ATTACKING THE COURTS.
(¦.. . ¦ ¦¦-.•-.•¦.,¦..•¦ '¦:•¦.'.:'¦;¦¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ i - ¦ i- '•¦¦¦";¦ ¦¦<--
THE SAjST -FRANCISCO XtALL,, THURSDAY, MAY; 22, 1902.
CALEDONIANS ENJOY
CONCERT AND DANCE
6
Cull ¦ttltocrllirrn eoatcmpUvlnc n chnnc of
residence darlnir the cummer month* can have
rl»«-tr paper lornnrded by niatl to their nevr
• ddrtmrs by notifying The Call Bnolnets OClce.
•Mil* paper will also be on sale at all mmraer
tenorts tad !¦ represented oy- a local agent in
till town* on the coait. 1
10 SDESCHIEERS LEAYIKG TOWK FOR THE SUMMER
NEXT SUNDAY CALL
Moral of the Downfall of the
! Preacher-Burglar.
Bret Hartc's Experiences in
San Francisco.
The Fluffy Summer Girl,
As Pictured by a Wealthy Denver Girl
Now in San Francisco.
San Francisco as Seen by
Electric Light.
How the Graduation Girl
' Should Dress. f
Read the Woliville Stories by
Alfred Henry Lewis.
"WAP IS HFI I " SAID GENERAL
., TTrviy i4j IlLrfi-L,, w. t., sheeman.
I Costume . Poses by San Fran- K
1 xisco Society Ladies. | j
¦ - No.5 » FOLLY.-/ Who Is She I fl {
Head Dress Parties Now So-
ciety's Fad in the East
Illustrated by Photographs of New York's
Best Known Society Ladies. j
White Gowns for Summer.
BY AUGUSTA PRESCOTT.
This Is the Best Series of Fashion Hints
Published in San Francisco.
Home i^lagic, Picture Puzzles, ;
. Human Interest Stories.
j Sec Pat and Heiny in New |
.THE,SUNDAY CALL MAGAZINE. SECTION CONTAINS MORE WESTERN
STORIES THAN ALL OTHER SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAYPAPERS COMBINEDHarry Cowell delivered a lecture before
the Unity Club last night, his subject be
ing "Rudyard Kipling; a Protest." The
lecturer ably reviewed Kipling as a man
and as a writer. The lecture was largely
attended.
On Sunday evening next Benjamin Fay
Mills will deliver a lecture on the "Tran
sient and Permanent in Christianity" at
Golden Gate Hall. On May 28 Mrs. B. F.
Mills will talk on "What Is It All For?"
Unity Club Lectures.
Charles Wanner, a member of the
Knights of Pythias, who arrived from
Cleveland, Ohio, three days ago, is the
latest victim of a bunno steerer. Wanner
wears a Knight's button In the lapel of
his coat, and as he was walking along
Market street Tuesday night a well
dressed man accosted him, and, pointing
to the button, said, "I see you . are a
Knight." The stranger held out his hand
and gave Wanner the "grip."
Wanner was delighted to meet a mem
ber of the order, as he supposed, and in
conversation told his new acquaintance
that he would like to secure employment
here. The bunko man told him he had in
fluential friends, and it was arranged that
he should call upon Wanner at his hotel
yesterday morning and take him around.
He called according to agreement and
took Wanner to a room in the Pioneer
House at 48 Fourth street, where he was
introduced to I a game of poker. Wanner
got a good "hand" and his new-found
friend told him he would surely win. The
"friend" promised to look after the
"hand" till Wanner hurried to the hotel
and got $125 with which he returned to
the game. One of tne other two players
held a better hand and Wanner lost hl3
money.
Wanner informed Policeman T. C. Mur
phy of the occurrence and he arrested a
man who gave the name of J. R. Curby.
The prisoner was one of the players, but
the other player and the steerer had dis
appeared with the money. Curby wag
booked at the City Prison on a charge of
grand larceny.
Rather Costly Experience of Charles
Wanner, Who Falls In With
Bunko Hen.
VISITOR FROM CLEVELAND
IS ROBBED IN POKER GAME
CITY TAX BUDGET. — Tha Supervisors*
Prlntipg Committee yesterday awarded th»
contract for printing: the tax budget to ttk*
Commercial Publishing Company for $260.
Judge Sloss decided yesterday that tho
testimony in the case of Fred Hansted,
accused of assaulting: Thomas Garrett,
was sufficient upon which Co hold him,
and refused to issue a. writ of habeas cor
pus directing Hansted's release.
Refuses to Release Hansted.
The board adopted a device to be attach
ed to the mouthpieces of telephones as a
sanitary precaution. The appliance con
sists of an aluminum framework support
ing a roll of white paper, which prevents
any accumulation of foreign matter with
in the transmitter-
On the recommendation of the medical
department of the State University Fred
erick Tebbe, W. J. Williams. P. A. Bell.
P. P. Henderson and O. S. Kucich wera
appointed internes at the City and County
Hospital.
C. A. /Willis was appointed ambulance
driver and Mrs. K. C. Johnson and Mlsa
Gertrude Cousins matrons at the, Park
Hospital. J. J. Sullivan was appointed
tailor at the Almahouse.
A resolution was adopted requesting
the Board of Supervisors to provide an
automobile ambulance. Dr. Buckley's
motion that the Doctors' Daughters' am
bulance, through which one man met his
death and James Wynn was badly Injured
last week, be discarded was adopted.
The board granted permission to tha
medical department of the State Univer
sity to build an extension to the north end
of the City and County Hospital to be
used as a laboratory.
The Board of Health yesterday decided
to submit t» the Board of Supervisors an
ordinance providing that physicians must
report every case of chicken-pox coming
under their notice within twenty-four
hours. The penalty for a violation of the
ordinance is fixed at $500, or imprisonment
for six months.
Asks Supervisors to Buy an
Automobile Ambulance.
Health Board Submits Ordinance and
DOCTORS MTJST REPORT
CASES OF CHICKEN-POX
The suit of Bolton & De Ruyter, stock
brokers, against the Western Union Tele
graph Company to recover $64 damages
was on trial before Justice of the Peace
Dunn yesterday. The testimony showed
that the nrm sent a message at 7:12 in the
morning to their Chicago correspondent
to sell wheat at a certain figure. The
message was not delivered until 22 min
utes later, and in the meanttime the mar
ket had fluctuated to such an extent that
the firm lost $64. The case was submitted
on briefs.
Message "Was Delayed.
It is presumed the company will now
accept the money provided by the ordi
nance, which has for more than a year
been in the cjty treasury.
The attention of the Mayor was directed
to this ruling of the court and also to the
fact that it would require an expenditure
by the city of more than $20,000 to try the
case. A few days ago he sent for the
representatives of the water company
and stated to them that in view of the
evident disposition evinced by the city
to treat the company fairly" it would be
a graceful act on the part of the company'
to dismvs the suit and thus avoid the
necessity of a large and otherwise' un
necessary expenditure of the public
moneys for expenses of litigation.
The company's representatives declared
that the lump sum allowed by the ordi
nance for hydrants was entirely inade
quate; that the company had refused to
accept it, and that it had strong hopes of
having the ordinance set - aside by the
court. The Mayor argued that the good
v.-ill of the city was certainly of more
importance to the company than the' mat
ter of a few dollars; that the continua
tion of this litigation would lead only to
bad feeling; that the costs of the litiga
tion to the company would probably be
a& much as any benelit which it could
hope to achieve, and advised the company
strongly to dismiss its suit, whatever it
might conceive Its rights to be. After
considerable talk and suggestions of com
promise the company finally agreed on
the Mayor's solicitation to consent to a
dismissal of the action, thus saving much
expense.
The city interposed a demurrer to the
complaint, which was recently ; overruled
by the court, which held the complaint
to be sufficient, and the city > was ordered
to answer.
Through the efforts of Mayor Schmitz
the Spring Valley Water Works . has
agreed \o dismiss its suit against the city
now pending in the Federal courts to set
aside the ordinance passed by . the Board
of SupeMsors in 1901, fixing the water
rate from July 1, 1901, to July 1, 1902. In
this suit the company contended thafthe
rate allowed it was insufficient and inade
quate.
Takes Action at the Earnest
Solicitation of Mayor
Schmitz.
Abandons Effort to Set
I Aside Water Rate
Ordinance.
SPRING VALLEY
DISMISSES SUIT
Those Who Will Serve the Grand
Temple Chosen.
.The Grand Temple of the Rathbone Sis
ters elected the! following officers at yes
terday's session. to serve for .the, ensuing
term :<'¦'¦'. ' ; .
•¦"¦¦ Maude Prihgle - of Santa Cruz, grand chief;
Maude Sheehan-of Sacramento, grand senior-
Anna Wyatt % of : Salinas,' grand junior ;,Bettle
A number of important amendments to I
the laws were passed, but it was decided
"that the same, be not > announced until !
given out in the. printed proceedings." •;:!
This afternoon the officers of the Grand
Temple and sixteen past chiefs will' open
a temple session for all members of the
order, when there will be an exemplifica
tion, of the secret .work. . I
A meeting- wUT be held to-day * to pre-;
pare a ¦ plan for i the • entertainment : o"f . the .
Supreme Temple in thjs city next August. -
Our disappointment is the occasion for
your rejoicing. Secaus^ we can't occupy
our' Oaklami branch store within three
months of the date promised we are com
pelled to sacrifice tho stock of $85,000 of
brand new furniture at 60 cents on thu
dollar or less. If you are a judge of val
ues come out and examine Pattosien's.
Sixteenth and Mission streets. : ' .*
Nickell of Los Angeles, manager: Louise
Holmes of Oakland, mistress of records and
correspondence ; E va Simpson of Santa Rosa,
mistress of finance; Clara Martin of Stockton,
protector: Ida M. - Brooks of San Francbco.
outer guard; Mrs. M/H. W'eldon of Grass Val
ley and Mrs. • M. A. Fitzgerald of Sacramento,
supreme representatives. ' ,
Grand Money-Raising Sale.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, May 21.— From all parts of
Santa Clara County come news of re
joicing and words of encouragement for
the victors in Monday's election. The or
chardists are happy over the defeat cf
Mackenzieism and^Gagetsm. There - are
3000 members of the'Republlcan Good Gov
'ernment League In Santa Clara County,
and more than one-half of that number
reside outside the city. While they could
not vote in' the city election, they gave
every aid to the Worswick ticket, and
many of them were in town campaigning.
Gage has always been unpopular > with
this class. Four years ago they. stood by
him as a matter of party principle and
helped to roll up a big majority. For this
they expected ectne recognition, but in
stead Gage has handled Santa Clara
County affairs through Mackenzie. Every
man the league indorsed for appointment
was turned down. , . ,
This caused hundreds of voters of San
ta Clara County to sharpen their knives
for Gage, and now that Mackenzie ha3
been defeated in his own bailiwick Santa
Clara County is certain to go against the
Republican- ticket should Gage by any
chance become the nominee. " ¦
The defection from the California Club,
Mackenzie's stronghold, since the harbor
master's defeat is like the exodus of rats
from a , sinking ship. There is a con
stant stream of callers at the reformers'
headquarters to assure the victors that
they are "all right." Many of these have
been supporters of Mackenzie for years.
James W. Rea, who gave his aid to'de
feat Mackenzie,^ his former lieutenant,
says, he has no ambition to again become
a "boss."
WASHINGTON, May 21.— The State Depart
ment has Received a eablesrram I from Consul
Pierson at Genoa, Italy, stating- that Margaret
Taylor has been delivered to her - father and
that the two sailed to-day for home. *
BATHBONE ..SISTERS' OFFICERS.
D. K. Trask'of IjOb Angeles, grand chan
cellor; B. V. Sargent of Salinas, vice chancel
lor; R. F. Burns of Auburn, prelate: Herman
Schaffner, keeper of records ' and ; seal ; ; S. G.
Little of Dixon, master o£- exchequer;- C. L..
Pardee of Eureka, master at arms: C. Ver
mason of Perris, • inside guard; J. H. Johnson
of Sacramento, -outside gruard; J. R. Sloan.
A. L. SeliB and C. O. Clark, trustees.
In the evening there was a ceremonial
session of the Dramatic Order of Khor
assan by Zerin Kappa No. 52, in Pythian
"Castle.- This is to the Knights what the
Shriners are to the Masons. A number of
strangers were instructed in the myste
«rJes, after which there was a banquet-
To-day there will be an address by Rep
resentative Church on behalf of the Su
preme Lodge in relation to the Supreme
Convention, after which the file will be
cleared and the new officers will be in
stalled. . '
Arrangements have been made for a
large gathering of Pythlans at Native
•Sons'- Hall to-morrow, night, when a team
composed of-' the best talent in- Unity
Lodge No. 61 of San Francisco and Dirigo
Lodge No. 224 of Oakland will confer the
• rank, of Knight in "long form" upon a
number of candidates. Among them will
be Dr. George C. Pardee and ex-Council
man F. K. Mott of Oakland. This special
team has been selected by Colonel; Albert
Richmond, under whoses direction the de
gree . will be exemplified.
At the afternoon session the following
named^were, elected grand officers for the
ensuing, term:
The morning session of the Grand Lodge
of the Knights of Pythias yesterday was
taken up, in a discussion on the locality
for the next Grand Lodge session. San
Francisco, Los Angeles, Carters and San
ta Cruz were named, and the representa
tives of each spoke in favor of his par
ticular locality. Los Angeles was with
drawn, and it became apparent that Car
ters had no show, so by the time the bal
lot was called it. had narrowed down to
the other two cities, and Santa Cruz was
chosen. - ¦ ' • • • '
Past Grand Chancellor Patton urged the
representatives from the several counties
to Induce" each of the counties to agree
to have all exhibits at one place and to
agree that the same be under charge of
a- general' manager with assistants. He
stated that he had no doubt that Union
Square could be secured for such a pur
pose. •, •-¦¦'¦
It was also suggested that each county
allow the sum of $100 to pay the manager
and his assistants.
William McKoevre has brought suit for
divorce against Jennie McKoevre because,
as he alleges, she refuses to tell him
where she spends her evenings. They
were married in 1898.
Matilda O. de Lorenzo is suing Emanuel
A. de Lorenzo for divorce' on the grounds
of cruelty and failure to provide.
Suits for divorce were filed yesterday
by Nora Whittaker against Frank M.
Whlttaker for desertion, Frances H. Elli
son against Olaf C. Ellison for. desertion,
Jennie Baker against Ed C. Baker for
desertion and Mary A. Bannick against
Albert J. Bannick for cruelty and failure
tO H^nrietta Miller was granted a divorce
from Ernest Miller, a sailmaker formerly
employed at Mare Island, by Judge M,ur
asky yesterday on a cross complaint al
leging cruelty. She appeared before Judge
Murasky at 10 a. m. and went into hys
terics as soon as her husband appeared
in court. The case was continued untu
2 r> m to give the woman a chance to
recover She appeared at the hour set,
ready to continue the trial. Miller came
into court shortly after his wife, and Mrs.
Miller immediately took another fit.
relatives surrounded her and spent their
tirne^ in bringing her to and shouting at
Miller, "Why don't you kick her as you
" The ' court ' will decide to-day who shall
have charge of the couple's one child.
Divorces were granted yesterday to
John A. Martin from Annie M. Martin
for desertion, i Dora Mowry from George
M Mowry for failure" to provide, Mary
w'ood from W. M. Wood for desertion
and C. G. Prost from Christina Prost for
desertion. -
Unhappy Couples Lay Their Troubles
Before Court and Some Are
Given Freedom.
Wild Scramble to Get
Out of Gage-Mac
kenzie Camp.
Next Grand Lodge Con
vention to Be Held in
Santa Cruz.
CUPID WEEPS WHUE
DIVORCE MILL GRINDS
NEW OFFICERS
FOR PYTHIANS
ROUT OF BOSSES
BECOMES A PANIC
JAMES F. CHEETHAM, one of the
most active workers of the Fra
ternal Order of Eagles, and who
for several years has been an or
ganizer for that association, will
represent the 9000 members of California'
at the Grand Aerie in Minneapolis. He
vrill leave to-day for that city.
During the time that Mr. Cheetham has
been an organizer on this coast he has
instituted more than twenty aeries, and
all are now in a flourishing condition. He
Mies Hilda Schloh. Miss Grace' Litzius, Miss
Winnie Bruce. Miss Marguerite Slocombe. Miss
Ar.nie Benson. Miss Maybelle Kelly. Miss C.
Burns Mies Charlotte Towle. Mis3 Anna Mo-
Kay. Miss Edna 'Montagne.' Miss Gladys Lahl,
Charles Rogers, Miss Josephine .Itahlmann,
Misc Evelina Beaudet. S. Tewksbury, Mis3
Ruth Bruce. Miss Charlotte Williams. Miss
AffTiPs KrllehfT. Master Joe Kelleher. Mrs.
Kelleher W. R. Beatty. Miss Gertrude Gallick.
Alfred Kelleher. Miss Rita Lubelskl. Miss
Madeline Buckley. Miss Evn. Johnson. F. Er
lin and the San Francisco Conservatory Man
dolin Club. .
¦The San Francisco •¦ Conservatory of
Music . gave a concert last night at Met
ropolitan Hall. A lengthy programme
was well rendered by the following
named :
f Conservatory of Music Concert.
The impression has been growing for
some time past that the membership has
increased to such proportions that there
is need for a supremo governing power
to be composed of representatives from
State aeries.
also initiated an aerie with a large .mem
bership in Honolulu, H. T.
One of the propositions that the dele
gate will present to the Grand Aerie will
be that a Supreme Aerio be formed and
another will be that each State have a
Grand Aerie.
. The plaintiff now charges that he has
since learned that Poniatowski acted
merely as the agent and servant of Wil
liam H. Crocker and that he held the
stock and disposed of it solely for the
benefit and under the direction of the
defendant. William H. Crocker.
In conclusion the complaint. states that
Henry J. Crocker subsequently found that
the second mortgage bonds, of the Sierra
Railway Company did not have a market
value. It is claimed that the aggregate
value of the railway bonds amounts to
$5400. The plaintiff also avers that he of
fered to turn over the second mortgage
bonds of the Sierra Valley Railroad and
also the $7556 25 to William H. Crocker on
condition that his shares in the racing
corporations be returned to him, but his
proposal was refused.
The plaintiff now elects to retain the
second mortgage bonds of the Sierra Rail
way and the money given him in payment
for his shares in the Western Turf Asso
ciation and the Pacific Coast Jockey Club
and sues the defendant for damages
amounting to $S9,475, which, he alleges,
he sustained by reason of the transaction,
with interest on that sum and cost of suit.
HAVE NO MARKET VALUE.
The plaintiff further alleges that he was
entirely ignorant of the fact that any
agreement had been entered into between
William H. Crocker and Andre Ponia
towski, and that therefore after he had
read the defendant's letter he conferred
the power of attorney on Kline and with
full authority to dispose of his shares.
Plaintiff also alleges that August 8, 1900,
Kline showed him a letter supposed to
have been written by Ponlatowski, in
which Poniatowski offered $3125 a share
for the plaintiff's Western Turf Associa
tion shares and $44 a share for his Pa
cific Coast Jockey Club stock. In pay
ment for the stock Poniatowski offered
18S shares of the Sierra Railway Company
and $62 50 in cash. Plaintiff now claims
that he Instructed Kline to reject the
offer. and to submit a counter proposal
to Poniatowski. Later in the day, the
plaintiff alleges, he was informed by
Kline that Poniatowski's offer had been
accepted and that it was too late to can
cel the acceptance or to withdraw from
the transaction. ' Kline even refused to
surrender the power of attorney, which
had been given him by the plaintiff and
under which he had arranged the sale.
The plaintiff says that he finally sub
mitted with reluctance to the transaction
and turned- over his shares in both the
corporations to Kline and received in re
turn 108 second mortgage bonds of the
Seirra Railway Company and $7556 25 in
'< cash. Kline informed the plaintiff .that
the bonds and the money were payments
for the shares in the racing corporations.
KNEW OF NO AGREEMENT.
Henry J. Crocker avers that at this
time there was a close and intimate busi
ness relation existing between himself and
his cousin, who also owned property in
the two racing corporations.
According to the plaintiff's claim, the
transaction is the basis of the present suit,
and was brought about in the following
manner: William H. Crocker, it is al
leged, entered into an agreement July 23,
law), with his brother-in-law, Andre Poni
atowski, to obtain possession of the capi
tal stock of both the Pacific Coast Jockey
Club and the Western Turf Association.
To accomplish this, William H. Crocker
wrote to the plaintiff, stating that he had
placed his shares of stock in the two corr
porations in the' hands of G. W. Kline and
Wellington Gregg, both of whom, the
plaintiff avers, are employes of the
Crocker-Woolworth Bank, to be disposed
of by them. . In this letter Henry J.
Crocker claims he was urged to also put
his shares in the care of these two men
so that the sale of his and his counsin s
interests might be consummated at the
same -time.
Henry J. Crocker brought suit against
his cousin, William H. Crocker, president
of, the Crocker-Woolworth Bank, yester
day afternoon to recover • $89,475 damages.
The plaintiff alleges that he was defraud
ed of the sum sued for in August of 1900
in the disposal of his shares in the Pa
cific Coast Jockey Club and the Western
Turf Association. ¦
The complaint recites the fact that the
Western Turf Association- and the Pacific
Coast Jockey Club were at the time of the
transaction in question corporations exist
ing under the laws of the State, and then
alleges that on June ' 1, 1900, Henry J.
Crocker^ owner of 750 shares in the Pacific
Coast Jockey Club and of 665 shares in
the Western Turf Association, the shares
in the first named corporation being val
ued at ?lOO-a share, while in the second
the shares were worth $27,432 25.
Plaintiff Alleges He Was
Defrauded in Sale of
Certain Stock.
Commences Suit Against
His Cousin for Large
Amount.
HENRY CROCKER
WANTTS DAMAGES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 22, 1902.
James F. Cheetham Leaves To-Day for Min
neapolis-He Will Try to Secure the In
stitution of a Grand Body for Each State
DELEGATE TO THE GRAND AERIE
OF EAGLES READY FOR FLIGHT
CALIFORNIA'S DELEGATE TO
THE GRAND AERIE OF FRATER
NAL ORDER. OB" EAGLES.
7
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
Herpicide Is Used to Cure Dandruff.
"E. H. Lyons, New York, N. Y., says:
. "I am. very fond of Herpicide and enjoy
using it. It is refreshing." V'
Dr. J. H. Bush, Toledo, Ohio, writes:
"Newbro's Herpicide has given' better
satisfaction than anything I have ever
used." ;
Mrs. Borkey of Chadron, Neb., says of
Herpicide: .
"It cleaned rny head of dandruff and
stopped my hair from falling out. , It is
the best remedy for dandruff 'I ever used,
and I have used a great many."
• R. S. Coleman, 'Ann Arbor, Mich., says:
,"1 have used two bottles of Herpicide
and derived benefit therefrom." > ;. •
IN AIX WALKS OF LIFE
AMUSEMENTS.
_ p~~ j
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
MATIXEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Magn!fice«t Production of the Famous Melo-
drama,
Woman Against Woman
A Powerful Play — A Great Cast.
First Appearances Here the Brilliant Actress.
/VWS5i=» FAININ'V /Vlc:IIMT"VF*K.
I RffFS Evenings IOc to 50=
1 UIV.LJ Matinees 10c, 15c, 25c
Next Week "HANDS ACROSS THE SEA."
MATINEE DECORATION DAY. May 30.
EVENINGS AT S SHARP!
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 SHARP!
THIRD WEEK AND CROWDING THE
THEATER.
THE
SINGING GIRL
Coming — To Charm Everybody,
••THE TOY m/\KLER."
POPULAR PRICES 25c. 50c and 75c
Telephone — Bush 0.
VAUDEVILLE SURPRISES!
8 Picchiani Sisters; Midgley aiic
Carlisle; Lctta Gladstone; Little
Elsie, and . Dooley -and Fowley.
Last times of Lew Sully; Mr. anc
Mrs. Kdcy; Kelly and Kent, anc
Miss Chester's Statue Dog.
Reserved Seats. 25c; Balcony, 10c; Bo:
Seats and Opera Chairs, 50c.
P S S S EI9 1? I H S * S FRHSESCO'S
LAST 3 NIGHTS— MATINEE SATURDAY.
CHARLES FROHMAX Presents
JOHN DREW
And His Company ia His Greatest Success,
THE SECOND IN CUUlMAND
By Eabert Xirsfc&ll, tether cf "A Ecysl Family."
SEAT SALE bIgINS TO-DAY.
KATHRYN KIDDER,
In an Elaborate Revival of David Garrick's
Immortal Comedy,
"THE COUNTRY GIRL."
First Performance NEXT MONDAY NIGHT. :
Prices next Monday and thereafter SI 50 to 25c.
FISCHER'S THEATER |
O'Farrell, bet. Stockton and Powell Sts.
Telephone Main 231.
NO SAME .
LET- TREMENDOUS
UP! CROWDS!
"FIDDLE DEE DEE"
Will be as old as Methuselah.
A Metropolitan Run Certain.
We have arranged to eell seats two ¦weeks
ahead of time, to come quick and be pleased.
All the great comedians, ail the charming- com-
ediennes. The pretty and clever chorus.
NIGHT PRICES. 25c and 50c. Saturday and
Sunday Matinees, 25c
DECORATION DAY MATIXEE. 30th.
THE PRESS SINGS PRAISES OP
The BRIXTON BURGLARY.
SPECIAL MONDAY— BROWNE'S JUVENILE
FLORODORA SEXTET.
EXTRA MATINEE DECORATION DAY.
FRIDAY. MAY 30.
Matinee Saturday and Sunday.
KEXT. "HIS WIFE'S FATHER."
Eiamlaei- — "A clean and diverting: London
farce."
/ Call — "No end of laugrhable complications."
| Chronicle — "All can find enjoyment In the
\ Brixton Burglary."
Bulletin — "Its humor is irresistible."
Post — "A laugh every minute."
BY UNIVERSAL DEMAND.
Tor the Kniehts of Pythias Benefit To-night,
and Balance of Week.
EDWARD HARRIGAN
In His Greatest Success,
"Old Lavender"
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
POPULAR PRICES— 10c, 15c. 25c. 50c. 75c
Good Orchestra Seats All Matinees. 25c
JJext Week— MAUD FEALY in 'THE LIT-
TLE MINISTER."
t^nL %t| ¦ m HTC J( %0m fi& B k*^^mS*J
•'""'"bargain ***' T q""— :
: matinee day. ,:
: 25c and 50c. ;
LAUGHTER FROM RISE TO FALL OF
CURTAIN.
ALL THIS WEEK— MATINEE SATURDAY.
MR. JAMES NEILL
AND COMPANY
In Augustus Daly's Amusing: Comedy,
THE LOTTERY OF LOVE.
Next — Sunday Night, Sol Smith Russell'i
Greatest Comedy Success,
"A BACHELOR'S ROMANCE."
SEATS READY.
Eighteenth Exhibit of the
Calitornia
State Floral Society
in the
GRAND NAVE OF THE FERRY BUILDING.
* San Francisco.
THURSDAY. FRIDAY and SATURDAY. May
22. 23. 24.
10 a. in. to 10 p. rn.
Musie will be furnished «>very evening by
the Band from the U. S. S. PENSACOLA.
j ADMISSION. 25c.
Oof #> ftp Desirable location,
A HIuVW unsurpassed cuisine,
•^ ':'*, unequaled ser-
51 fin ** ct an( * modern
UllU conveniences are the
_ attributes that have
(iirfSttn made these two ho-
U 1 UlIU tels popular with
tourists and travel-
I Lfii AIC «« who ri'k San
IlUlWld Francisco.
How to buy furniture
and carpets
without ready
money
. o- ¦ i ,
We will loan you the money for a regular banking
rate of interest — six per cent. And you can pay us
back little by little in unfelt amounts. Then you can
go to one of the first-class furniture stores, with whom
we have made special arrangements, where the stock is
big and fresh and where satisfaction is certain, and
wh«n you have made your selection you can pay your
bill in full with good, hard cash.
Isn't this better than buying in the installment stores
, and being compelled to select your goods from smaller
and inferior stocks?
The installment stores charge you ten per cent
above their cash prices when you ask for long credit
All you pay us is six per cent.
For example: If your purchases amount to $roaco
we- will charge you $io6.oo^-which is a six per cent
advance; then you pay us $20.00 cash and the balance
in monthly payments amounting to $8.60 each month.
• If your purchases amount to $75-00 we will charge you
$79-$o; you make, us a cash payment on this of $15.00
and pay the balance at the easy rate of $6.45 p«r
You save four per cent. You have the great privi-
lege of buying in a first-class store, and yet you get
all the advantages of the easy payment plan as offered
by the installment houses?
No amount of money is too small for us to loan.
/ Worth looking into, don't you think?
Gould, Svllivan # Co.,
_: (REMOVED TO)
Room -1405 "Call" Building,
TcL John 2336. Comer Market and Third Sts.
ae©OCO©O3©QO©OOO0S«G9©OG3OOO9OCOOO«OO©OO»O©OO
© • __' - •
• ' . O
I 8I8-82O>\ARK&T ST.. 5AtA FRANCISCO. •
| More Bargain Specials! !
©-'- •. ¦ '— : ; '- •
I CURTAIN STRETCHERS I
5 Stationary pins, frame will fit any curtain, pins triple nickel- <L| 7K 5
• plated on brass. Elsewhere at $2 50, our price this week — :.. Mf " 5f
| ICE CREAM FREEZERS |
9 "Improved" White Mountain Icecream Freezer; cream can be frozen in four O
n minutes. Q
Z Double self-adjusting scrapers, making it triple motion. «*
gZ . 1 quart; regular J2.00; this week St.."»O Z
S 2 quarts; regular $2.50; this week $2.00 ;T
g . Larger ones in proportion. j?
I BOOKS— BOOKS— BOOKS j
a An opportunity to obtain some of the best and most successful of K(\f a
g copyright fiction ever published at $1.50; for this week only at v*v»», g
g . r Below are a few of them: 0
0 In the Palace of the " Ar. Enemy to the King, The Maid of Maiden Lane, o
A King-. Ziska, The Fowler, • a
«£ Saracinesca. Phillip Winwood, A Gentleman Player, o
2 The Gadfly. I-ady of Quality. - Second Thoughts of an Idle
S Choir Invisible, The Nerve of Foley, Fellow. **
©Via Crucis, . By Right of Sword, McTeague, «*
© Castle Inn, The Sowers, For Freedom of the Sea, •
© Barabbas, Trilby. The Damnation of Theron ©
O Sorrows of Satan, The Heart's Highway, Ware, Q
a The Celebrity. M&rcella, Agatha Webb. a
a The Road to Paris, A Continental Dragoon, Adventures of Sherlock a
2 With Edged Tools. Sentimental Tommy, Holmes. J
S The Modern WEBSTEE_DICTIONARY. Regular 25c; our price loe q
© : — - — : i : '¦¦•'
i 2Sc and SOc •
o LaiJ%* U11V& k/\rv •
© •
9 Purse, tops and clasps, in oxidized, French gray and silver, sizes 2 to S 0
q inches, with chatelaine hook or linger ring. Former price, $1 and $2. • 0
A Side and Back Combs, in Italian shell, elegantly finished. Have been OCSf> O
0 selling at 75c and $1.00. Now at *-J\* q
1 A Guaranteed Watch, With Chain, 75C |
1 PHOTO FRAMES I
2 In gilt, oak, green, bronze and white enamel, fancy brass corners, Gift/* 2
© mats to match. Heretofore 65c and 75c. This week's price JUl( **
©©©•©©••©•©••••©•©••©••••••••©••••••••••••••*
ADVEBTISSMElTrS*
ADVERTISEMENTS.
STRAIGHT WHISKEY
r 1 AND
§H STRAIGHT
g STATEMENTS
1^ in regard to our goods
F*&&r\ is our way of placing
/r<5?*^\\\ them before the public.
/ xl^tS^' *\\ We stand on solid rock
* e GisTXRto foundation, and do not
have to make any
.falmuxm,.^ daimsfor
MllHi OLD
fJS:! CROW
llRKirk&Coi K I HI
-"^ that it will not warrant.
B. B. KIRK & CO., & "™
CATTCW. BELL & CO.,
Bole Distributors, San. Francisco, Cal.
A CONVINCING ARGUMENT
Of the perfectly satisfactory condition In
which we return your laundry will be
found In the first bundle we return to
you— a condition that'll please the most
critical.
No saw edges.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY ASS'N:
Office 1OO4- Market Street.
Telephone— South 4-2O.
Oakland Office— 54- San Pablo Ave,
AMXTSEMENTS.
THE CHUTES
Kulton Street and Tenth Avenue.
VAUDEVILLE EvIry" AFTERNOON AND
EVENING.
TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT!
GALA AMATEUR PERFORMANCE!
Including
The FLORODORA SEXTETTE
ADMISSION. iOc. CHILDREN. 6c
Fbone for Seats — Park 23.
BASEBALL
CALIFORNIA LEAGUE GAMES.
THURSDAY, FRIDAY AND SATURDAY.
3:15 P. M.
SUNDAY. 2:30 P.'.M. / .
OAKLAND VB.~SA£R A ION TO,
RECREATION PAItK, ri :-...";
KLchth and Harrison sU.
Afivence Sale cTSeatt, 5 Stockton «t»
¦-.•¦'•'. -.-•¦-"- ¦ -• ¦'-¦;- — ----' • ¦ ¦SEEKS LIQUIDATION OF TCOTE.— W S.
sorrow brought a suit yesterday • against
George Morrow, administrator of the estate
of th* late O. P. Morrow, to recover (3500 due
on a promissory note executed by the • de
ceased in May.-lS97. "
Increased Bevenne Could Be Utilized
In. Properly Equipping the
Police Department.
Chief 'Vrittman will oh June 1 introduce
the eiffht-hour; system for patrolmen, but
It "will sadly; cripple the department, he
says, unless ,-the; Supervisors agree on Frl
v <iay to make a sufficient appropriation for
the Increase of the force.
"Even at present," said the Chief yes
terday, "there are large portions of the
city -without proper police protection, and
It will be much worse, under the eight
hour system unless the force is increased.
The men will have to be divided i Into
three platoons instead of two, as at pres
ent, which means a reduction of about 20
per cent, for duty at one time.
"I can see a way out of the financial
difficulty and that is by increasing the
liquor license. It is only $84 per year, and
I would urge that it be increased to $200,
which is low: enough, considering the
license in other cities. As there are more
than 3000 saloons here, it can readily be
seen to what extent the revenue would
be Increased. . The city is growing and we
need thorough police protection, which
can only be accomplished by» ari ade
quately equipped force."
WITTMATT FAVOES HIGHER
LICENSE ON THE SALOONS
This week's bill at the Chutes Theater
is peculiarly good, including Byrne and
West, a comedy duo,- Bacon and Wayne,
operatic duetists; Jack Syrncnds, the min
strel; the clever Sorensen; children; the
Petching brothers and their musical flow
er garden: Grant and Grant, colored com
edians, and new moving pictures. The
amateur performances given every Thurs
day night are as popular as ever.
Although it would seem that nearly ev
ery person in this city had seen "Fiddle
Dee Dee," there are still thousands of the
regular patrons of Fischer's Theater who
have not as yet witnessed a performance
of this delightful burlesque. During the
past week there has not been a single
night or matinee that the "standing
room" sign was not displayed before the
box office opened for the day, and it is
not unusuai to see a line a block in
length when the curtain has been rung up.
Orders are flocking in from the country
with every mail and it would not be a
surprise to see the comedy run for six
months. Kolb, Dill, Bernard, Blake and
Hermsen are a bunch of comedians who
get oceans of laughter by their work.
Maude Amber makes a host of friends by
her excellent singing and Freda Gallick
made a hit from the start. Such a com
bination, . taking the popular airs * and
travesties on them, makes "Fiddle Dee
Dee" a performance at which the cares
of the world can easily be forgotten.
According to the reports that have
reached San Francisco, her success in
"The Country Girl" is as great as her
"Madame Sans Gene." Her company is
said to be one of the strongest sent on
the road this season and is headed by a
trio of well-known players, Robert V.
Ferguson, Norman Hackett and T. C.
Hamilton.
John Drew's present engagement at the
Columbia is a success. As Christopher
Blngham In "The Second in Command"
he offers what is probably the finest work
of his brilliant career. Kathryn Kldder
will commence a two weeks' engagement
at the Columbia next Monday evening.
She will revive an old English comedy
called "The Country Girl." Miss Kidder
has for several years, it Is said, wished
to impersonate that famous role of Peggy,
the comical heroine of the play, but a fit
ting opportunity never presented itself un
til this spring.
Fanny Mclntyre, the new leading lady
fit the Central, has made quite a hit. She
possesses all the dramatic fire so neces
sary for one in meiodrama. She is rap
idly becoming popular with the patrons of
the playhouse. "Woman Against Woman"
is a powerful play and the stock company
is on its mettle to do full justice to the
roles. There will be a special matinee on
Decoration day.
"The Lottery of Love" is making a hit
at the California. The Neill Company
does full justice to Augustin Daly's amus
ing comedy. Owing to difficulties encoun
tered in staging a new play, Mr. Neill has
found it necessary to make a change in
the piece announced for next week.
BroadhursL-« new romantic comedy,- "The
Bed Knight." was billed for its initial
production on Sunday night, but the au
thor has decided that another week will
be required to fully complete all of the
many details of the big production. It is
Mr. Broadhurst's desire to have his new
play as perfect as possible on the opening
night.
' Nelll's masterpiece, "A Bachelor's Ro
mance." will be the attraction at the Cal
ifornia next week, and "The Ked Knight"
will positively follow.
"The Singing Girl" is in its third week
at the Tivoli Opera-house. The music in
this popular opera is catchy and the mem
bers of the company do full justice to it.
Annie Myers has scored a big hit in the
title role. Hartman, Webb and Cashman
furnish the comedy and do well. Cun
ningham's rich barytone voice is beard to
advantage in a number of selections. The
chorus in well drilled and the staging is
beyond the ordinary. The opera is en
joying crowded houses and bids fair to go
a few more weeks. It is to be followed
by "The Toy Maker."
Edward Harrigan is doing "Waddy
Googan" at the Grand Opera-house this
week. The play gives him opportunity to
display his talents. To-night "Old Laven
der" will be produced for the especial ben
efit of the Knights of Pythias. The rest
of the week will be devoted to "Waddy
Googan."
The Orpheum bill this week is the best
that popular house has had in many
months. Every turn is worth seeing and
the interest does not lag a minute. Lotta
Gladstone is the best on the excellent pro
gramme. She Is a monologist of the
first order. Dooley and Fowler are very
clever comedians) who do some difficult
dancing and sing very creditably. Midg
ley and Carlisle are old favorites. Gertie
Carlisle is accorded a warm reception at
every performance. The rest of the card
is very good.
The Alcazar Theater is enjoying good
business with "The Brixton Burglary" as
a drawing card. It is a comedy of rare
merit and Is causing audiences to laugh
heartily. The company has taken kindly
to the play and is doing its usual good
¦work. Next week "His "Wife's Father,"
one of the funniest comedies ever given
here, is to be produced.
Excellent Bills Offered to
Patrons by Local Play
houses.
Broadhurst Delays the
Presentation of His
New Comedy.
ANOTHER WEEK
FOR REHEARSAL
THE SAN FB ANCISCO C ALl£ THURSDAY, MAY 22,-1902.
8
Adams
Springs
LAKE COUNTY, CAL.
''
| For Btomach. liver and kidney troubles-
positive cure for constipation. New kitchen
and dining-room, under the supervision of Carl
Raymond and Hans .Mortensin and assistants,
recently from Hotel del Coronado.' Five- new
houses. Room for all. We have more testi-
monials from people cured than all other
springs combined. ' "v;-
For farther information address ¦ .">
DR. W. R. PRATHEB,
- . . ¦ Adams Springs.
HOTEL LA HONDA.
SITUATED IN THE REDWOODS. GOOD
trout fishing. Season now open. Long dis-
tance phone. MRS. L J. SEARS, La Honda.
San Mateo County. Cal. .
LAKEPORT AND BARTI^ETT SPRING3
STAGE LINE — Hopland to Bartlett Springa.
via Lakeport. carrying passengers for Lakeport
and Bartlett Springs. Stages connect with traina
at HoDland. I.cave HoDland at 12:30; arrive at
Lakeport at 3:30; arrive at Bartlett Springa af.
7:30. New 6-horse ,14-cassenger tourist wagona.
made to order tor this stage line, with all the-
most modern improvements. Passengers for
Lakeport or Bartlett Springs call for tickets by
Bartlett Springs Stage Line. Ticket* can b*
had at office Cal. Northwestern Ry.. KjO Mar-
ket St.. or at Tlburon Ferry.
MILLER & HOWARD. Proprietors.
VriFY SP"R-HTGS— 3 miles from Uklah.
Mendoclno Co. Natural electric waters,
champagne baths. Only place in the world of
this class of waters having continuous flow of
natural (warm water direct from springs. to>
tubs. • Lovely grounds, fishing; hunting. Crys-
tal Springs. Accommodations; table first-class.
J. A, REDEMEYER Ss CO.. Props.
prCHABDFOTSPS SP"RTWGS — Ten
"miles from Chlco. Cal. Noted for being a
sure cure for rheumatlsrrs malaria, dyspepsia,
blood and kidney diseases, nervous troubles,
etc. A dead enemy of poison oak and skin dis-
eases. Hotel and baths open entire year. J.
V. RICHARDSON. Prop.. Ch'co, Cal.
HARBIN SPRINGS — Most desirable In Lak»
Co.; contain, sulphur. Iron, magnesia an<J
arsenic; wonderful cures of rheumatism, ca-
t<arrh kidney, liver and stomach troubles; new
gymnasium, bowling alley, handball court and
billiard room. Round-trip tickets, S. P. office,
$3. J. A. HAYS. Prop.
BEAUTIFUL LAUREL DELL— The original
Switzerland of America; largest dining-
room in county: new myrtle cottage: hunting,
boating, bathing, marine toboggan, new livery,
croquet" tennis, bowling: free teams dally to
our mineral springs. 15 kinds. E. DURNAN.
Laurel Dell. Lake Co.. • Cal.
PLANTATION HOUSE, ' 18 miles from Caza-
dero — Grand redwood and mountain scenery;
good trout fishing; plenty of fruit, cream and
milk. Daily mall, stage from Cazadero. Through
fare R. R. and stage. $3 50. For particulars
apply J. Luttringer. Sea View. Sonoma Co., Cal.
HOTEL DE REDWOOD — Santa Crua Mts.
Among the grand old trees: board $S and
$10 a week: fare, return ticket. $2 50. M. S.
COX, Laurel. Santa Crua County. Information
at Pe'ck's Bureau. 11 Montgomery st.
MT. SAN FRANCISCO RANCHO— THIS
homelike resort Is located in the Santa
Cruz Mountains. 6 miles from Capitola, Good
table board, hunting and fishing. Address E.
D. WEBB, Soquel, Cal.
ROOMS AND BOARD IN SCENIC PARK
¦Tract, for summer boarders; prices reason-
able. Address 2314 Hllgard ' ave.. Berkeley,
Cal.: tel. Mason 1223.
THE LIERLY RANCH— Elevation 2150 feet.
Scenery beautiful. : Wild game abundant.
Good fishing. Best deer hunting tn the State.
$7 to $S per week; Jerry Lierly. Potter Valley.
THE OAKS, a favorite summer resort oa
Branci forte drive. 5 miles from Santa Cruz;
daily mall, nshing. home cooking. Address
MRS. CZARINA SMITH MILLS. Santa Cruz.
A'WNTA.TyAT.-S FABM- SANTA CRUZ
MOUNTAINS, cottages- and rooms to let. fur-
nished or unfurnished for housekeeptnx. H.
J. SEEGELKEN, Lcs Gatos Postofflce. Cal.
GARDEN CITY SANITARIUM. San Jose, Cal.
One of the best equipped on the coast. Every
variety of water treatment, electricity, mas-
sage. X-ray. Write for literature.
BELLEVUE HOTEL — El Verano. Sonoma
County.' Cal. Terms, $1 00 per day and
upward. Lone distance telephone. Hot min-
eral springs near by.Peter Gouallhardoti, Prop.
RIVERSIDE HOTEL and cottages; 75 mu.;
Santa Cruz. Cal. Near Beach.- Rates to
families. Information, at 11 Montgomery »t.
Free bu«. Long dlst. phone. Fred Barson. Prop.
RENO'S RANCH— Six miles from Cazadero.
Elevation 1200 foet: among the redwoods.
Hunting, fishing. Terms. $10 a week; family
rates. Address WM. KINQ. Cazadero.
GRAND CENTRAL HOTEL. Guernrrtlle,
CaL — New management; thoroughly re-
fitted and imDroved. Headquarters for hunters
and fishers. Add. F. PLATH, Guernevllle. Cal.
QISSON TAVERN, near Mt. Shasta. Par-
V^ tlculars "Information Bureau," 20 Mont-
gomery St.. or MRS. L. M. SISSON, Sisson, CaL
BERGHEIM — Two miles from Los Gatcu.
Ideal place: home cooking; $S per week.
P. DISQUE. Los GatOB. Cat.
PRICHABD'S HELL—Nice farm, good
ccoklng: reasble. Box 135. St. Helena. Napa Ox
STAGE UHTES ATO UVERTEsT^
LA HONDA and PESCADERO^ — Through tha
redwoods to the ocean. Hayward's, Wurr's,
Be 11 vale. Pigeon Pt. and Santa Cruz. Buy R.
R. ticketi to Redwood City, 0 a. m. train. 3d
and Townsend sts.: 9:20 a. m. from San Jose.
Add. WALTER KNIGHT. Redwood City. Cal.
FAfiLF STABLFS Uklah - Tourists, camp-
CAULL JIAOLlJ ers. hunters. Write to
H. A. Eldred for ratss for any kind of turnout.
PESCADERO— Saa Mateo and Pescadero
stage line, via Halfmoon Bay and San
Gregorio, dally all year; twice a day to Half-
moon Bay. Lvs. San Mateo 10 a. m.<fc 4:15 p. m.
FASHION STABLES. UKIAH AND WIL-
lits — Tourists, camners, hunters, write J.
H. Smith. - Uklah. Smith & TaMpr, Willlts. for
any kind of turnout.
HCTMF'^'P'F ST4l<TRS— Short route to tho
II Geysers: 3 hoars* staging. First-class livery
stable in connection. C. E. Humbert. Cloverdale.
GtLROY Fashion Uvery: good service: reaa.
rates. Ofc Gllroy Spr. stage. H. Mayock^
LOS GATOS — Lyndon Stables, opposite depot.
First-class rlg<. Reasonable prices. ¦
SANTA CRUZ — San Lorenzo Stablest Styl-
ish rigs. Reasonable prices. ' . ;
I EEKJL CALL
$1 pc> Year.
» ALL ATTRACTIONS
For the summer the Hotel Vendome
management announces 'many new at-
tractions at that popular resort. Two
mag-nificent swimming pool3 are near
the hotel and guests- may have all the
pleasure of seaside resorts. Bowling,
AT -
golf, tennis and ping pong are among
the many diversions. Johannsen's Or-
chestra will be there all the time.
Automobile coaching ' from the hotel
throughout the valley.
GEORGE P. SNELL, Manager.
HOTEL VENDOME,
SAN JOSE, CAL.
TAHOE TAVERN,
LAKE TAHO£.
"NOT BETTER THAN THE BEST. BUT
BETTER THAN THE REST."
Will formally open for guests June 12th. Said
to be "finest mountain hotel we3t of the Rocky
Mountains," Try it and form your own opinion.
During June you can obtain good room and
board for $3 per day, but you can spend more
if you want to. .
For folder giving full descriDtion call at the
S. P. Information Bureau, under Grand Hotel,
or write to TAHOE TAVERN, TAHOE CITY.
CAL.
jRy™ Jf ot Jpnngs
CONTRA COSTA CO., CAL.— Fine
hotel, modern improvements, perfect ap-
pointments. Suites with mineral baths.
These wonderful .waters and hot mineral
and mud baths cure Rheumatism and Ma-
i laria without fail. Addres3 Manager. By-
ron Hot Spitngs, Cal. Call on Lombard &
Co.. 36 Geary st.
THE TALLAC,
LAKE TAHOE, OPENS MAT 15TH.
With' many additional attractions.- amonjr
them the SPLENDID NEW AMUSEMENT PA-
VILION. RESIDENT PHYSICIAN.
Address M. LAWRENCE & CO..
( Tallac, Cal.
¦ Note — Positively no consumptives taken.
BROCKWAY, LAKE TAKOE,
, . OPEN JUNE 1.
To avoid disagreeable waiting for narrow
gauge and steamer, take
. THE BROCKWAY TALLY-HO
Over ' our • short cut. It meets the morning
train at Truckee Sundays and Thursdays '
¦¦¦-.¦- . . ¦ i T" ] ~~ i : r
„_,„„„ THE NEW BUILDINGS AND
HOITT'S Beautiful Grounds at Holtfs
MR1UI School will be open to summer
/UrirNLU guests during, June and July.
D*pi/ Superior climate, excellent
t-i\ts.rv. table; reasonable prices. Ad-
m dress IRA G. HOITT.
WHITE SULPHUR SPRINGS,
Nearest place to S. F., 2V4 hours; 5 miles
from Vallejo. Hot Sulphur baths; cure rheu-
matism, neuralgia, eczema, kidney, liver, stom-
ach diseases. Lake for boating and bathing.
Dancing pavilion. $10 a week and up. Free
bus to guests. M. MADRID, Vallejo. CaL
LAWRENCE VBtLLA.
Town Home, Sonoma. Will meet guests.-
Pleasant location. Plenty shade; nice drives-':
swimming; fruits; $5 per week. HENRY PEL-
LISSIER, .Sonoma; Sonoma County, Cal.. • —
SOLID COMFORT HOME gSJS w &; H
altitude. No fog; climate delightful. Large
orchard, vegetable garden. Hot. cold -baths
Spring water. Rates, $7 week up. • Stage meets
train. _SCHULER & SCHEBEN. Napa. Cal.
HOTEL EL MONTE,
LOS GATOS.
Under new management. ' Now open for
business. Rates; $8 to $15 per week.
v TROUT FISHINC.
Best In. State at BOCA, CAL.
For Information address Boca Hotel Boca.
Nev. Co... Cal., on. TRUCKEE RIVER.'
LAKE TAHOE.
. Lakeside Park. Now open. Hotel, cottages
and - tents. Delightful camping grounds near
steamer landing; furnished tents to rent. For
descriptive circulars and terms address E B
Smith & Co., Statellne P. P., El Dorado Co.. Cal.'
I~/\K.E TAHOE,-
Glenbrook, Nev. . Lake shore < house and cot-
tages. Best fishing on the lake. Partially fur-
nished cottages for campers. Write for partlcu-
lars and rates, D. CORRILLAND. proprietor.
RUBICON PARK.
Delightful slimmer resort on shore of Lake Ta-
hoe. Everything new. Best beach for bathing
on the lake. Fishing, hunting. Boats fishing
tackle; saddle horses at moderate hire; $2 per
day. or $10, $12, $14 per week Postofflce, tel.
A. L. Frost, Rubicon Pajk, Lake Tahoe, Cal.
DEER PI RK INN AND COTTACES
6 miles from LAKE TAHOE. Typical resting
placer 6507 feet elevation. Mineral springs
SSSj s'c&TT 1 ; Delr n pa S rk. F 6al. Send *» S^g*
lllUllLnli JJ ul lllii llu
ALWAYS OPEN.
The famous health and ; pleasure resort of
Lake County. Finest waters for the cure of
LIVER, KIDNEY. MALARIA, RHEUMATISM
and STOMACH TROUBLES. Every comfort
and amusement. - FREE SWIMMING TANK,
CROQUET/TENNIS. Regulation Bowling Al-
ley, Riding and Driving Horses. Splendid Trips
in Mountains or Valley. - ¦
NOTE SPECIAL RATES. :
One person in room, "small hotel". .$10 per week
Two persons In room, "small hotel". $18 per week •
One person in room, "cottages".... $11 per week,
Two persons in room, "cottages".. .$20 per week
One person in room. "MAIN HOTEL".....
• • $12 and $14 per week
Two persons in room. "MAIN HOTEL" .
$20 and $22 per week
' Special . inducements for School Teachers or
Families desiring to remain by the month.
For illustrated pamphlets, photographs and
•analysis of waters call on Tourists' Information
Bureau, 11 Montgomery, or The Traveler office,
20 Montgomery st.,or write direct to CRAIG
& WARNER. Highland Springs. Lake Co., Cal.
SANTA CATALINA ISLAND,
3}4 Hours from Los Angeles.
Advantages, attractions and amuse-
ments impossible elsewhere; ninth sea-
son; three months on Catalina Island of
our Famous Marine Band, twenty-five
members. ten soloists; niostTJiienomenal
fishing 1 and greatest rod and reel records
known; the Marine Gardens: Glass-bot-
tomed • Boats i and Aquarium ; Boating,
Bathing; Wild Goat Shooting: Delight-,
ful Coast Excursions; Fleets of Yachts
and Launches; Ideal Camr> Life: Com-
plete TCamp Equipment; Hotels and Cot-
tages; Hotel Metropole, modern conven-
iences, electric lights; Golf. Tennis, Bowl-
ing, Music. Dancine. etc. For further-
particulars address BANNING COM-
PANY, 222 South Spring street,- Los An-
geles, or E. C. PECK, Tourist Informa-
tion Bureau. 11 Montgomery street, San
Francisco, Cal.
€%[Saf*flf\ HOT SPRINGS, SONO-
SK MHilS MA COUNTY; only 4*4
UflAlWU hours from San Fran-
' Cisco and but 9 miles'
staging; "waters" noted for medicinal virtues;
best natural hot mineral water bath in State;
beating and swimming in Warm Springs Creek;
good trout streams; telephone, telesTaph, dally
I mail, express and San Francisco mornirfg and
evening papers: FIRST-CLASS HOTEL AND
STAGE SERVICE; both morning and after-
noon stages; round trip from San Francisco
only $5 50. Take Tiburon ferry at~7:30 a. m.
or 3 :30 p. m. Sundays 8 a. • m. only. Rates $2
a day or $12 a week. References, any guest
of. the past seven years. . Patronage of 1901
unprecedented. Information -. at San Francisco
office, 121 Phelan bldjr. ; Tourist Information
Bureau. 11 Montgomery St.; also at Traveler
office, 20 Montgomery 6t., or of J. ! F.' MUL-
GREW, Skaggs, Cal. •' ; ' > ¦
l^ETNA'SPRJNQS
'NAPA COUNTY,
Offers special and attractive features for
the children. Open Air Gymnasium has
just been finished. A large Stable of Don-
keys and ¦ Gentle ! Riding Horses. Swim-
ming Teacher in the Natatorlum.
CHILDREN ARE WELCOME.
• For terms and booklets, apply,
EDWARD. L. SANFORD, Manager.
. ij. The seaside resort of Central California— f
'1 enlarged and improved— rates per day $z and e
i upwards — open May . jut — fine orchestra. H
;| Address for hotel, R. M. Briare. For cottages, 8
¦j F. Reanler, Capitola, Cal. For general infor- H
; nation, Peck's Information Bureau, IX Mont- K
!• gomery Street, San Francisco, Cal. ? K
SEIGLER SPRINBSasattffi
& mineral waters
unexcelled for rheumatism, malaria, stomach
diseases. Swimming, billiards, dancing. Ping
Pong; $8 to $12 week. Office. 117 Grant ave., or
Selgler Springs, Lake Co., H. McGOWAN, prop.
WHITE COTTAGES.
t Howell Mountain; altitude. 2000 feet; air
Ture - and dry; delightful family -resort; daily
mail; croquet; reg. -bowling; social hall; splen-
did camping grounds;' $S per- week; Write
MRS. J. H. GOETSCHE. Angwln. Cal.
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS. 7
Finest /fishing, hunting and health resort on
the coast. Climate perfect. On Klamath River.
Rates. $2 and $2 60 per day; $10\to $14 per
week: Call Traveler Office, 20 Montgomery st.,
or address EDSON BROS., Beswlck, Sisklyou
County. Cal. -_ ' /
CONGRESS SPRINGS.
- A charming resort in the Santa Crua Mts.:
2 hours from San Francisco; delightful cli-
mate; swimming and all sports;, table unsur-
passed; best mineral water on the' coast; open
all 'the year. A. S.OLNET, Manager.
DUNCAN SPRINGS.
Two', miles- from- Hopland; best medicinal
waters in the State: fine hotel - and first-class
table: rates $10 and $12; housekeeping cottages.
O. HOWELL, Hopland, Mendoclno Co., Cal. .
FOREST HOTEL,
ALMA.
Santa Cruz Mountains. . Good trout fishing-.
Rebuilt and reopened. :.B. BOHME, Prop. ..
H. C. WHITING. Gen'l Manager.
R. X. RYAN, Gen'l Pass. Agt
To be had at ticket offices of company, 630
Market street (Chronicle building), and
Tiburon Ferry, or at the General Office,
, Mutual Life building, corner Sansome
and California streets.
- - * • . ¦ I
Call or write for a copy. '
This little book, "Vacation. 1902." is-
sued by the California Northwestern
i Railway Company, gives complete In-
formation for any kind of an outing.
If you prefer the free life of a farm, get
' "Vacation. 1902." .
1902."
If you wish to camp In some mountain
dell, or on the bank of some limpid
stream, get "Vacation. 1902."
I* you prefer a hotel or a private home In
some beautiful town, get "Vacation.
If you wish to know where the finest min-
eral springs on the Pacific Coast are, so
that you can select the one most desir-
able for you, get "Vacation. 1902."
PASO ROBLES H
¦ '¦' '¦'¦-. ': "TZg^r% ¦ ¦ Nature's own selec-
rl In tlon for a health and
:. . t * Vl\ ' pleasure -resort, be-
nrv a w rntT cause of the curative
rf !"* A I ¦ M Properties of Its mud
' AS.ILiJS\j^t JL £1 and «ulphur baths for
- . _ - ' rheumatism, . insom-
AMTl nia, gout, neuralgia.
JnAlU llver.kidneyand blooi
diseases. Has every
T\T P3 A CT TT\T3 natural advantage for
OTTO E. NEVER, Prop,
C. M. ARNOLD, 640 MarKct, S. F^ AJL
YOSEMITE VALLEY,
BIG OAK FLAT AND YOSEMITE STAGE
CO, — Running directly through the Tuolumne
Big Tree Grove. Special rates for teachers and
parties. Staging 2Vi hours first afternoon and
9 hours next day, arriving at Tosemlte Valley
5 p. m. Send for illustrated folder. WM. J.
WHITE, Gen'l. Agent, 630 Market St., opposite
Palace Hotel, S. F.; tel. Black 3571.
EL BONITO HOTEL.
The largest and best appointed hotel in Rus-
sian Rlvor Valley. Excellent hunting, fishing
and boating; fine scenery; pure spring water;
newly renovated;. new furniture. R. C. CAL-
HOUN. Proprietor. Duncans Mills, Cal. For
information and rates inquire of Peck's Bu-
reau, 11 Montgomery, st., or write R. C. Cal-
houn. Proprietor.
i ¦ -
WILBUR HOT SULPHUR SPRINGS,
. Sulphur Creek. Colusa Co.." CaL. 26 miles by
stage west of Williams; fare J2. Hottest,
strongest water on the coast; temperature 14S
deg. Cures rheumatism, • dropsy, salt rheum,
skin diseases, neuralgia, liver, kidney com-
plaints, paralysis, mercury in system, dyspep-
sia, catarrh. Natural mud baths. New 2-story
hotel: fine new bathhouse. Board' and lodging
including baths, $10 a week. WM. OELGEAR'r|
Proprietor.
g;|; *TOCALOMA M *g™
Bertrand Hotel: first-class accommodations;
reasonable rates for families and parties; fish-
ing, bathing; beautiful drives to Bear Valley,
etc. Telephone., JOSEPH F. BERTRAND. or
Bulletin Office every Friday, 2 to 4 p. m. '
HOTEL BON-AIR,
ROSS VALLEY.
J./E. MANLOVE & WIFE, (formerly Mrs.
Leach), Proprietors. '.
RUSSIAN RIVER HOTEL.
¦ One mile "from famous "Bohemian Grove";
new management: all refitted. Quietude, com-
fort, pleasure; hunting, fishing, boating; fresh
milk, cream and best of everything. Address
C. F." CARR, Manager. Russian River station
via Duncans Mills. CaL
' INDEPENDENCE LAKE.
Fishing; boats; excellent table; climate per-
fect; 16 miles from Truckee in. an unbroken
forest. . Further, information Traveler office. 20
Montgomery st., or MRS. H. M. CLEMONS
Truckee, Cal. ' •< '.
. JOHANNISBERG,
. N THE NAPA REDWOODS; NEW HOTEL-
large dining-room; exhilarating air; hunting-,'
fishing, swimming and boating; terms reason-
able. Inquire of THEO. BLANCKENBURG
JR.. prop.. Oakville. Napa County, or Peck's
I Information Bureau. 11 Montgomery st.
WHITE SULPHUR SPRINGS.
TTfWO MILES FROM ST. HELENA.— POSI-
1 tive cure for rheumatism, stomach trouble
and blood diseases. Livery stable. Carriage
meets all trains. Board, including baths. $S
per week. Address W. N. McCORMICK. St.
Helena, Cal. ,
: THE GEYSERS.
(Sonoma County). New management; rooms
plastered and hard .finished; new furniture*
new, private bathhouse; . hunting, fishing "year
round; white help : only; best Uvery; cooking
specially, supervised by manager. See pamphlet.
, HOTEL LYNDON,
Lt» Gatos. ¦ First-class hotel; large grounds.
Lawn tennis, croquet and popular amusements.
Opposite depot. MALPAS & COSGROVE.
THE PURISSIMA HOUSE.
. .Near the ocean. Fishing In only mountain
trout stream In San Mateo Co. -Long distance
phone. $2 per day. . C. P. MOSCONL Prop
Purlsslma, San Mateo Co.,- CaL . - '
CAMP TAYLOR HOTEI * «»? *»«*««
vauii -. 1A1LUU ana grounds . private pic-
nics bowling alley, tennis, boating, trout fish-
ing, telephone. Call at Traveler. 20 Montgwa.
, ery street H. G. MAltTLN. Proprietor., t *° m -
I ...NAPA... | Napa County, 1
8 SODA SPRINGS g CaL \
FOR HEALTH AND. PLEASURE GO TO
Napa Soda -Springa. Situated 1000 feet
above the Beautiful Napa Valley. Hot and
Cold Soda Baths. Shetland Ponies and Burros
for Children. Two trains daily, 7:30 a. m. and
4 r>. m. Address
DOLLMANN & JACOBS. TTapa Soda Springs.
° BARTLETT SPRINGS T
Here Is an opportunity to gain Health and
Strength; also, have a pleasant vacation.
RATFC Hotel $10 to $15 ptr week. Honse-
R.AIL, J. keeping CotUge* $3 to $15 per weak.
Send for illustrated booklet. Two routes:
Via C. & N. W. Railway and S. P. Co.
AMUSEMENTS.
GEORGE WATSON, manager of amuse-
ments; Hahn's Orchestra; dancing every
week day evening; Tennis, Bowling, Cro-
quet. Billiards. Shuffle-Board, Ping Pong,
Livery, Burros; Swimming Tank. 20x80;
Hot Water. Vapor. Tub. Mineral and Ro-
man Baths; competent Massagists; Guides,
Dogs and Horses for Hunting and Fishing;
Shady Drives and Walks.
BARTLETT SPRINGS CO.,
P. O., Bartlett Springs,
Or No. 2 Sutter Street, San Francisco.
O- , . 9
MEDICAL SPRINGS.
CERTAIN CURE FOR STOMACH. LIVER,
kidney and bladder troubles. Absolute guar-
antee for all skin and blood diseases. Recom-
mended by leading physicians. Thousands
cured. Tickets Cal. & N. W. R. R.; stage from
Ukiah. Call or address
WITTER P. O., Lake Co.. Cal.
Main office and water depot, 016 Market
street, room 64«. city.
R. McCORMICK, Manager.
(SHASTA REGION.)
Sets best table In the north (no Josh), $12 per
week; tenting for housekeepers. ¦ '
H. O. WICKES.
Castella, Shasta Co., CaL
camf* ourry:j
Gives special rate to nobody, but gives value
received' to all, as Is shown by its 1400 guests
the past three seasons, more than one-half of
which were in 1901;. 1000 guests are expected
in 1902. Office 11 Montgomery st ; open May 1.
yOSEM/TE "
GRANT'S. ¦
Couple hundred yards from railroad station.
Elegant country mansion. Scenic . surround-
ings, beautiful grounds, plenty of shade, swim-
ming, and nshing, croquet grounds, hammocks,
etc. One and one-half miles south of Healds-
burg. First floor, one person in room, $9 per
week; two in a room, $16 per week. Second
floor, one person in room, $8 per week; two In a
room, $14 per week. Will also furnish tents to
those desiring. Single person in tent, $6 per
week; two in a tent, $10 per week. Buy tickets
to Grant Station. Address Mrs. A. F.- GRANT,
Healdsburg, Sonoma County,- Cal.
Rowardennans—HSs
for a daily nit water swim. Redwoods ana sea breeze*
a wonderful combination. Souvenir booklet free..
Peck's Information Bureau, IX Montgomery Street,
S. F., or B. Dickinson, Lessee, Ben Lomond, CaL
LYTTON SPRINGS.
Always open. Finest mineral baths & plunge.
No staging. Every comfort and amusement.
Tlburon ferry, 7:30 a. m,, 3:30 p. m Informa-
tion of DR. HENSLEE, 807 Sutter st. Phone
Sutter 2371, 11 Montgomery st., or A. V.
MORSE. Lytton, Sonoma County, Cal.
. HO! FOR BLUE LAKE&!
Boating. Bathing, Fishing and Hunting- new
tenni3 court, mineral springs. Our famous
White Sulphur Springs are known to all Send
for new pamphlet. O. WEISMAN. Midlake
P. O., Lake County, or call at office of C. n'
W. R. R. Co., 650 Market st. ;
HOWELL MT,, WOOD WORTH'S
Residence of 27 years; second year of sum-
mer resort. ! Purest of spring water. Home
fruit, vegetables, milk, etc. No fog. Terms $7
per week. Address WOODWORTH & MUL-
LER, St. Helena. Cal.
OWN A HOME MEEKER
Free from • fog and wind. : Lots $10 up. Cot-
tages built $50 up. Boating, bathing, tenting
ground. Board and lodging, $7 up. Sawmill,
depot, store, postoff ice. Sausallto ferry: $3
round trip. 'Address M. C. MEEKER, Camp
Meeker, Sonoma County. • .
AGUA CALIENTE,
Also known as California Hot Springs. ' So-
noma Valley. No staging; via C. N. Ry or S
P. R. R. •' Immense swimming surface. Splendid
table. Come Sundays and try it. Round trip
$1 10. Telephone;: many: improvements:' $12
and $14. THEO. RICHARDS, Proprietor
Agua-Callente, Cal. " '
All nnil HOT SPRINGS — Water.
I'i UiSW climate, ' scenery unsur-
II I 1 0>-fl9 § passed. Camoinc privi-
Ulb'Sv I leges now. Trains from
¦¦¦¦¦¦^¦¦MBaMB Third and Towniend sts.,
& a.'m., 2:45 p. m. Literature on application.
R. ROBERTSON, Gllroy. Springs, Cal. ;
CUMB MOUNT SHASTA
From Sisson. Address H. McGuinness, . Pron
EL MONTE HOTEL. Sisson, Cal. Expe-
rienced guides at hotel. • ,
HOF*F*IN SPRINGS.
These Mineral Springs are pleasantly located
on the hillside Immediately adjoining the well-
known Bartlett Springs. Lake Co., CaL Hotel
mrThoppIn. la ° galn ron , by tha owner '
SARATOGA SPRINGS
Better than ever this year. ! Booklet and full
information at Peck's, 11 Montgomery st or
R.. R. office. 650 Market, or . John Martens.
Bachelor P. P.. Lake Co., Cal.
HOTEL I MATEO AN D COTTAG ES,
San -Mateo, Cal., is now under new, manage-
ment Everything first class, r Cuisine . unsur-
passed. Clubhouse, bowling alleys, billiards
pool, shuf fleboard, lawn tennis, - salt water-
bathing, etc. Rates on application. I WRENN
& SPAULDING. Proprietors. • VY " 1^ WJ *
MOUNTAIN HOME. ~
At foot of Loma Prieta, highest point in Santa
Cruz Mountains. Grand scenery. Fishing, hunt-
ing and swimming. ' Table and •climate unsur
passed. Stage at Madrone - Monday. Wed and
Sat. Train leaves S. F. & a: m. dally. Send for
souvenir. VIC PONCELET. Llagas, Cal., Prop
ADVEETISE3HEKTS. .
Jmm PARTFRT^'
Positively cured |jy ttieso
Xittle Pills.
They also relieve Distress from Dyspepsia,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fect remedy for Dizziness, Kausea, Drowsi-
ness, Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Tongue
Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable. _
Small Pill. Small Dose.
SrnaEl Price-
OCEA2T TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co. •
tj^ Steamers leave Broadway
ferifcj^r-. Wharf. San Francisco:
t^frS^i.- or Ketchikan, Juneau.
fcfc*C»*^k~_ Skagway, etc., Alaska — 11 a.
r?^WS^*a m - Ma y 1X - I(i - - 1 ' 26 - 31#
Et&St"§ W«') -Tune 5. Change to cora-
! R^S?5W93'"3 pdny's Eteam<irs at Seatt'.c.
f>Ora^p9 Victoria. Vancouver,
i> Port Townsend. Seattle. Ta-
¦ conia, Everett, . Whatcom—
11 a. m.. May 11. 16. 21. =6. 31/ June 5 Chang*
at Seattle to tills Company" s steamers for Alas-
ka and O. N. Ry.; at Seattle or Tacoma to N.
P. Ry.: at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — 1:30 p. m..
May 12, 17. 22. 27. June 1.
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Angeles and
Redondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara-
Santa Rosa Sundays. 9 a. m.
¦ State of California. Thursdays, 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Cruz, Mon-
terey, San 'Simeon, Cayucos. San Lois Oblspo
<Vla Port Harford). Ventura, Hueneme and
•Newport ('Bonita only).
Coos Bay. 9 a. m.. May 14. 22, 30. June 7.
Boc'.ta. 9 a. m.. May 10. IS. 26. June 3.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. .Santa Rosa-
lia, Guaymaa (Mex.) — 10 a. rn., 7th each
month.
For further Information obtain folder.
Right is reserved to change steamers or sail-
ing dates.
TICKJ^T <">T"!7ICE— * New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
C. D. DUNANN. Gen. Pass. Agent.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents.
10 Market St., San Francisco.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
FOR
LEAVE SEATTLE.
SENATOR •. 9 P. M.. JUNE 1
VALENCIA 9 P.M.. JUNE 7
And fortnightly thereafter during the season.
Steamships CITY OF PUEELA and QUEEN,
leaving San Francisco May 20 and May 31 re-
Epectlvely, connect with above steamers. Tha
i new and elegant steamships Senator and Va-
lencia made regular trips to Nome last year,
landing all passengers and freight without loss,
mishap or delay. For naysesger rates and Nome
folder, apply TICKET OFFICE. * New
Montgomery street (Palace Hotel).
C. V). DUNANN. Gen. Pass. Agent.
GOODALL. PERKIXS & CO.. Gen. Agents.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
O. Ri & /¥. CO,
ONLY STEAMSHIP LINE TO
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Line From Portland to All
Points East. Through Tickers^to All
Points, all Rail or Steamship and Rail, at
LOWEST aE=t^3k.1«:EJS.
Steamer Tickets Include Berth and Meals.
SS. COLUMBIA. Sails... May 23, June 2, 12, 22
ES. GEO. W. ELDER Sails
May 18. 28. June 7. 17
¦ Stpamer calls, from foot of Spear St.. 11 a. m.
D. W. HITCHCOCK. Gen. Agt.. 1 Mong"y. S. F.
* First-Class Steamer jj
I I CENTENNIAL I
j 3 3000 Tons Capacity, to
I NOME *
! I Sails Mey 22, via Seattle 28. 1
!i / $50.00. :
S" Quick Time. Finest Service. ;
CHAS. CONKLIN & CO., Agents, j
710 Market Street. ':,
I ; —
J$amburg~</frm8rican.
TWIX-SCREW EXPRESS SERVICE.
PLYMOUTH— CHERBOURG— HAMBURG.
Columbia June 5iF. Bismarck. ..June 26
A. Victoria June 171 Columbia July 3
TWIX-SCHEW PASSE.\GER SERVICE
PLYMOUTH— CHERBOURG! — HAMBURG.
Pretoria June 1 7!Moltke Jane 10
Vic. Lulse June 10 J Patricia ........June 17
Ham'-iirJi-American Line. H7 B'wny, N. Y.
HERZOG & CO.. General Agents for Pacific
Coast. 401 California St.. San Francisco.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION GO,
And Ola Sud Americana de Vapores
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican, Central
and South American ports. ' Sailing from How-
ard 3, pier 10, 12 m. -
PALENA June 7ITUCAPEL ....July 19
COLOMBIA.. ..June 27 1 GUATEMALA. .Aug. 0
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger office, -316 California street
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO.. Gen. Agents.
ES. VENTURA, for Eomlulu, Samoa, Auck-
land and Sydney.. Thurs., May 22. 10 a.m.
SS. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu
• -, Saturday. May 31, 2 p. m.
S3. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
, Sunday, June 9, 10 a. m.
J. D. SPEECKILS k BEOS. CO. , General Asts. , 329 Marfct
.Gen'l Pass. CEce. 643 MarKet St., Pier Ho. 7. Pacific St.
NOW!?' N.A.T.&T.Co.'s
1^3 UiVlJj* Steel Steamship
ROANOKE
Sails from Seattle about ........June 1st
San Francisco passengers and freight trans-
ferred free -to Seattle. v->.
Apply UNION TICKET OFFICE, Agenta.
S23 Market St.. S. F.
COKFAGXIE GEIfERALE TaANSATLANTIQOB
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. .2^ '
Bailing every Thursday. Instead ot <<5vO&
Saturday, at 10 a. rn., from Pier 42, OS&isSSM
North River,' foot of Morton street.
First class to Havre. $70 and upward. Second
class to Havre, f 45 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-.^
ADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson . building). New '
York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Pacific Coaas
Agenta, 6 Montgomery avenue, San Franciaco.
Tickets cold by all Railroad Ticket Agenta.
AMERICAN LiNE.
NEW YORK, SOUTHAMPTON, LONDON.
Phil* ....May 28. 10am St. Louis. June 11, 10am
Bt. Paul.. June 4, 10am Phil a ¦". ...June 18, 10am
RED STAR 'LINE.
NEW YORK. ANTWERP. PARIS.
Kenslngtn.May28. noonlFreesland.Junell, noon
Zeeland.. .June 4, noon|Southwrk..Junel8, noon
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.', ' -
CHAS. P. TAYLOR.G.A.P.C..30 Montgom'y et.
BAY AND BIVEB STEAMERS.
FOB 0. S. NAVY YARD AND VALLEJO,
Steamers GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO
8:46 a. ra., 3:15 and 8:30 p. m., except Sun-
Jay. Sunday, 9:45 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leaves
VeJlejo 7 a. m.. 12:30 noon, 8 p. m., except
Sunday, v Sunday. 7 a. m.. 4:15 p. m. Fare 51
cents. Telephone Mam 150S. Landing and
« f flce. pier 2. Ml*flon-stre«t dock. HATCH
SaOSi
Small Dose 8
6S. NIFPON'MARU'.'ThursdS: Ju?y Hi 1902
Round-trip tickets at • reduced rates. • For
freight and passage apply at company' ¦ office.
421 v»j-ket Btreet. corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 d m
lor YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received. on board -on day
of E&lllnsr. ' -^i
6S. AMERICA LIARU -. „...
BS. WoNGKONG-MARuf^f:,^!.^, 1902
TOYO IISEN KAISHA.
OCEAN TBAVZIk
j CORONADG TENT CITY I
§. Coronado Beach, Cal. g
I BATHING, FISHING, BOATING, |
I ' GOLF, TEA GARDENS, VAUDEVILLE, §
I PING-PONG, DANCING, BOWLING |
S ¦ and all other amusements, with one of, the finest bands in the' West and several fln« O
« orchestras. Economical, comfortable and amusing. ,-. g
S Round trip tickets from San Francisco,' Including ground and water rent 8
w . now on sole at! ..:.•. ' . -' S
K Atchison, Topeka & Santa Fe Ry. Co., 641 Market St. '. ...a24JJO S
££ ' •/ Southern Pacific. Ry. Co., 618 Market St. ......;................. .!'".. f24J{0 JR
g -". Pacific Coast ¦ S.S. Co.. 4 New Montgomery St...... .....". ..".".*923.0O «
£> Persons bringing their own tents and holding Coronado excursion tickets 8
I over the Santa Fe , Southern : Pacific or Pacific Coast Steamship Co.' are not S
' charged for ground and water rent," as the excursion tickets include all this S"
as well as the street car and ferry trip to and from the train, and transfer o? O
150 pounds of baggage. :r «
f Persons who bring their own tents, but not holding Coronado excursion '"¦**¦
tickets, wi!l have to pay $1.50 per month ground rent, which includes free S
use of water.', [ ¦ '. '•'.-:¦'_, ; ¦; . •>' ¦ ¦¦':¦- ¦:. .. • ¦ ¦ . ¦:-...->, - ¦ M
'J5-. Persons bringing their own tents can rent furnishings at the following «
8^ prices per weekt ' ';" . ¦•- •'- . "" ¦''¦ . . - . ¦ . " Q
8 " Double' bedstead with spring and cotton mattress, $1 25;^ cot, single 25c* snrin* -O
» cot. double. 50c; mattress, single, 25c; mattress, -double, -50c; pillows 25c* blanket!? -8
»• 25c; comforters,. 26o; table, 23c; campstool. MOc; chairs. 20c;. rocking chairsTao?*' ? «
W gasoline stoves, 50c; oil. stoves; 25c; washstands, complete, 85c; cooking utensils tnl «
g three persons, 75c; lamp, with oil. 25c.- • i wuung uiensiis lor g
£} • .' Prices per month double the weekly, rates. '--¦ - w
O Furnished tents, 10x12 with floor. $8 per month; 12x16, $12. Furnished tent **
«.-.- prises beds bedding, tables. * wash stands, rocking, . folding ?and camp chalrl? cleS S
|;-'. JSd^PerrecTsew^^^^
O Fpr pamphlets and full particulars call on • - ': - S
| PECK'S iTfUJRIST BUREAU, II Montgomery St;, San Francisco, Cal. |FRED BRUCE MEADOWS, THE
STAGE DIRECTOR OF TO
NIGHT'S ENTERTAINMENT. '
•WOODLAND, May 21:— Another slight earth
quake was felt hercr last night at 10:20 o'clock.
,, .PORTLAND, Or., ¦ May, 21.— Berkeley de
feated ; Muitnomah" at baseball .to-day) 1 by
a -score of 3 to 0.
Berkeley. Nine 'Wins.
- Round trip transfer tickets now on sale
at any ! of;"our: offices. "One trunk . (round
trip) 50 cents. Morton' Special Delivery.
40$ Taylor : street, ' 650 Market street and
.Oakland ferry depot. : . • , ,• •
Notice to Passeifgers.
Cholera in New Possessions.
- MANILA. May 21.— The cholera' record
to date follows: ¦ Manila. 1108 cases and
8i?S" deaths ¦.provinces. 3592 cases and 2601
deaths.. <'... - ....,-..,.'.. ; r
. OAKLAND^ May 21.— Licenses to marry
were issued to-day to Walter^S. Gannon,
aged 29, San Francisco, and Marlon Bar
rington,' 26,' Oakland: Grant Dewlaney,
over"21/ ond Mabel,- F. Hawley, over 18,
both of Santa .Barbara; Charles P. Ab
bott. 24. Oakland and Delia M. Bruns,
Berkeley. Charles M. King. 23. and Mrs.
Rcso Diamond, 28, both of San Francisco;
Fred Henrleksen, over 21; and Dora Bea
ter, over IS, both of Oakland.
Licensed to Marry.
SACRAMENTO. . May „ 21. — Governor
Gage has appointed the following direc
tors of agricultural districts: ¦
G. R. Stewart, vice self; V. E. Bangs,
vice self; L.. "W. Richards, vice self, and
E. L. Barkis, vice C. P. Tullock of Dis
trict N<). 38. Stanislaus County. ' ...
Frank Dulmaine, vice Charles E. Clinch
of District No. 17, Nevada County.
A. E*. Gurnctt. vice self, of District No.
1, San Francisco.
R. P. Patterson, vice self,- and S. G.
Beach, vice self, of District No. 8, KI
Dorado County.
W. N. Thompson, vice self, of District
No. 12, Lake County.
APPOINTS DIRECTORS'OF
AGEICULTUBAL DISTRICTS
NEW YORK, May, 21.— The executive
committee of Tammany. Hall to-night
voted In favor of the namlna of a trium
virate to manage the affairs oi the organ
ization in place , of. a. .single leader. Th»
triumvirate selected was Charles Murphy/
chairman,; Daniel McMahon and Louis F.
Saffen, president of Bronx Borough. ; The
chairman of this '' triumvirate becomes
practically, the leader of the organization
In the place of Lewis Nixon, who has just
resigned. -
Nixon's Successor, Is Selected.
EUREKA, May 2L— City Councilman H.
A Poland to-day commenced suit against
Councilman A. H. Buhne for libel, asking
lor 526,000 damages. The alleged libel
grew out of the sewer pipe controversy,
which recently agitated the municipality;
the charges of boodling in connection with
the Sunset Telephone Company, and the
accusations that Councilmen Poland,
Dauphiny and Zeigler had agreed to ac
cept a bribe. The second count asks for.
1XM0 damages because of Buhne's card In
refpect to the Carroll conversations, in
it was eaid that "D needed money,
P liked money and Z saved it." The last
two counts ask for a like sum for the
publication of charges made against Col
lector Campbell, which included . accusa
tions against the Councilmen.
This is the second suit against Buhne
prowing out of the controversy. Council
man Dauphiny having sued him for
the Defendant.
and Councilman Dauphiny Again
Councilman Poland Is the Plaintiff
EUBEXA SCANDAL BESULTS
IN A SECOND LIBEL SUIT
Claude Morris is very reticent about the
Modoc affair. He is haunted constantly
by a fear^of .vengeance. -' ¦
I >:¦. ¦ - ; - • '
•When Morris and John Hutton confessed
at Alturas their story created a furor.
They, were carefully guarded during the
trial, and at : its close they left' with the
attorneys for the State. V They have since
been moved from place- to place and their
whereabouts. kept secret. There Is still a
fear that emissaries • of -the men who
might have been hanged by the testimony
of Morris and Hutton may find them and
do them injury. A
REDDING, May 21.— Though none have
known It except several acquaintances,
who" recognized him, . Claude Morris, tho
young man who confessed complicity - In
the.Lookout lynching, and is now an exile
from.Modoc County, haa been quietly
staying in Redding for several days.' He
slipped into town and joined his mother.
Mrs. W. j D. Morris, and his youngar
brother, who disposed of their interests in
Modoc and" left immediately after the ac
quittal of the alleged lynchers.. Mrs.- Mor
ris and her sons left this morning- for
Woodland.
I LEEINQ FROM WBATH !
OF MODOC LYNCHERS
Mrs. Hawkins witnessed the fight from
a box, and when her husband was knocked
out became hysterical and had to be re
strained from Jumping Into the ring.
SEATTLE, May 21.— Perry. Queenan
knocked out Dal Hawkins in the ninth
round to-night. The fight was to have
gone twenty rounds for a purse of $1000
and was brought off in the Seattle Thea
ter. Both men were going strong up to
the final round and honors were easy
though Queenan was the stronger man
of the two. Queenan got Hawkins Into
a neutral corner, feinted wtih his left and
shot his right home to the mark. Hawkins
dropped as If shot. He was down for
the count of six, but gamely got to his
feet. Perry rushed at. him blindly and !n
a wild exchange Hawkins sent Queenan
to the floor. There was not power enough
In the blow to make lt effective, how
ever, and Queenan arose with both arms
working like flails. Queenan beat Haw
kins down, and when Hawkins' head hit
the floor the second time he stayed there
He was all out and had to be carried to
his corner.
MBS. DAL HAWKINS SEES
HUSBAND KNOCKED OUT
Mrs Isabella AVoodslde, chairman: Colonel
and Mrs. Charles Boxton, Thomas Pond. Mrs.
Burns. Dr. G. S. and Mrs. Backman. AVilliam
F. and Mrs. Buhlinger. Dr. and Mrs.. Delch
mlller,-Hamilton and Mrs. Elliott, Ralph and
Mrs. Hathorn, Henry and Mrs. Kunst. Benja
min and Mrs. Korts. E. J. and Mrs. Moseer,
John and Mrs. Lackmann. Ad and Mrs. Meyer,
Edward. Doll and Mrs. Mendell. Captain
Thomas H. and Mrs. Nerney, Henry and Mrs.
Newhoff. Alfred and Mrs. Roberta. F. o. and
Mrs. Raabe. William F. and Mrs. Cordes.
Chief George and Mrs. wittman. ¦ Arthur and
Mrs Price. Dr. Frank and Mrs. Paguer. Wil
liam and Mrs. Pennycook, George E. and Mrs.
Schulz, Charles. and Mrs. Thlerbach, Andrew
W and Mrs. Turpin. James M. and Mrs Wll
kins Qotlleb and Mrs; Witmer. Charle"s Barron
and Mrs. York. Charles and Mrs. Bredhorf.
W S. and Mrs. Grover.- Colonel and Mrs. Hu
ber -Dr. James A. and Mrs. Black, H. and
Mrs Frank. Mies Maude Caijferon. J. J. Wads
worth. A. Schetzel. Herman Gings and Hiram
Hutchins. ¦-•••" '
John Tonningsen, chairman: Mrs. Mary E.
Bourne. Mrs. Carrie Hanler. Mrs. Grace BU3
woli Mrs. Ella' Buechse. Mrs. Emma F. Lei
boia' Mrs Isadora Horton. Miss Minnie - G '
Stebblna and Mrs. Annie Ferguson.
The following named composed the re
ception committee: , •
The brilliant function was under the
supervision of the following committee of
arrangements: - , .
C. W. Bennett. British Consul General
K. D. Brandon. 1*27 Market street: S. P. Hol
den, 47 Merchants' Kxchanee; C. B. Sedt
trick. fC7 Market\»treet. I. P. Nieto, rotunda
So. 30. second floor. Mills . building; G. C.
Woodward.- 506 Battery street.
The British Benevolent Society of Cali
fornia w'.ll give a dinner Saturday even
ing next, at 7 o'clock at the Merchants*
Club 222 San so me street. The oc
casion will be the anniversary of Empire
day and the thirty-seventh anniversary
of the society. C. W. Bennett, British
Consul General, will attend. Members of
the society, British residents and their
friends are invited. Tickets may be ob
tgined from the following named:
Empire Day Banquet.
_ The passengers told graphic tales of
pitching over seats and of flying di3hea
in the buffet car. Many of them were
badly frightened.-
It. Is ditflcult to determine the cause of
the wreck. . A careful 'examination re
vealed that the flanges were all intact
and that none of the rails had spread.
Probably a fJange imounted the end of a
switch rail and caused the trouble. ¦ The
engineer said he was. a minute or two
ahead of time and- was running very slow
ly. Trains, were delayed five, hours.
RENO, Nev., May 21.— The east-bound
flyer on* the Southern Pacific was badly
wrecked in the western end of the Reno
yards at 7:21 o'clock this evening. The
engine, left the rails, plowed along for
200 feet and then careened over at an
angle of forty-five degrees. The baggage
car, the mail car and the buffet car also
took a trip over the tics, but were not
damaged. ! . The . locomotive was consider
ably wrecked.
Of the passengers only one sustained in
juries more- serious than slight bruises.
Mrs. J. G. Putnam was hurt about, the
head and back, but not Deriously. .
Engineer Charles Brown stayed with
the lever and was uninjured. ..- Fireman
A. P. Walker jumped. and was picked up
unconscious. He was carried into the
residence of J. P. Williams, at the corner
of Third and Chestnut streets. Dr. Lewis
found that his injuries consisted of a
sprained ankle and a wrist in similar con
dition. ¦ ¦
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, May 21.— Edwin Lawrence
Godkin, editor emeritus of the Evening
Post, died in Brixham, South Devonshire,
last night. The immediate cause of death
was a hemorrhage " of the brain, which
occurred on Sunday last. Godkin suffered
a similar stroke two years ago, but re
covered sufficiently to go to England In
1901. He spent last winter at Torquay and
moved to Brixham on the second of May
Godkin was, in his seventy-first year"
He was twice married. His first wife was
Miss. Footc of New Haven, Conn., by
whom he had one son and one daughter
the latter dying in infancy. Hie second
wife (Miss Katherine Sands of New York)
survives him. His son, Lawrence Godkin
is a well-known member of the New York
bar. ' i' ¦..:'¦-¦¦':
New York Evening Post, Dies
in England.
Edwin L. Godkin, Formerly of the
NOTED AMERICAN EDITOR
SUMMONED BY DEATH
Emma Ida Dutcher. Gertrude Falrbank
Kells, Grace Foster Eells. Theresa M. Fred
ericks, Lotta Sybil Howe, Minnie Belle Mor
rison. Mme. . Emma Nevada, honorary.
Diplomas tvere presented to:-"
Sarah Winifred Burdge, Adelaide Furtn,
Frances ' Adele Grow. Leila Shurtleff Hath
away. May Thurston Kluegel, Reubel Frances
Martin. Grace • Marie McDonald. Marjorle
Moore." Carolyne E. Parsons, Grace Beatrice
Ferry, Laura Reames. Lucinda Reames, Pansy
Tiffee Safford, -Bessie Louise Smith, Vida Ade
laide Swain, . Bertha Brocks Tombes. Eme
Williams. Clara Wolf ord.
During the rendition of the commence
ment programme Lisser Hall held a fash
ionably gowned audience, composed for
the greater part of relatives and friends
of the fair graduates. . Ferns in profusion
were : utilized in the , stage decorations.
"When the procession, headed by Mrs. Su
san Mills, president of the college, and
made up of members of the fac
ulty, instructors and candidates for
degrees and diplomas, entered the
hall, there was continued applause.
Professor George C. Edwards pre
sided at the exercises, which were be
gun with a prayer offered by Rev. Charles
R. Brown, who also pronounced the clos
ing benediction. Three selections were
sung by a large and well trained chorus
of the younger students. Professor George
Malcom Stratton delivered the commence
ment day address.
After presenting the diplomas and con
ferring the degrees. Mrs. Mills addressed
the recipients In words that were fraught
with wisdom and good advice. She
charged the ycung women to be faithful
to themselves and their alma mater and
assured them if they were that all the
blessings would come to them in due sea
: Those who received degrees were:
OAKLAND, May 21. — Twenty-four
young ladies were graduated from Mills
College at the commencement exercises
held this afternoon in Lisser Hall. Upon
six of them, who had completed the col
lege course, degrees were conferred. Dip
lomas were presented to the other eigh
teen, they having finished the course in
the seminary. An honorary degree was
bestowed upon Mme. Emma Nevada, who
was educated here, and who visited the
college some months ago while In Cali
fornia. ' -'.'->"
Diplomas at Commencement
Exercises.
Young Women Receive Degrees and
TWENTY-FOUR GRADUATE
FROM MILLS COLLEGE
Southern Pacific East
bound Train in the
Ditch.
Rally of Temperance "Workers
fcan Francisco Prohibition Alliance will
hold a meeting to-morrow evening at 20
Eddy street, at which representatives will
be elected to attend the Memorial day
rally of Prohibition Alliances to take
place In Oakland In the Freewill Baptist
Church on Twent-first street. The alli
ances of San Francisco, Oakland. Ala
meda, Berkeley, San Jose and Vallejo
will participate In the convention. The
afternoon session will begin promptly at
2 o'clock and the evening session at 7-30
The programme will consist of short ad
dresses, musical selections, readings dis
cussions and the organization of a' per
manent district alliance. Among those
who will -speak are Reve. F. H. Horton"
Euclid McWhorter, George Morris of Alal
meda, A. L. Johnson and Stanley Rich of
the Good Templars, S. P. Meads and C.
Lt. Meracle of the Prohibition State Com
mittee, and Leo S. Rodgers of the Chris
tian Endeavor.
Cahn, Nickelsburg & Co.; J. A. Folger & Co.;
Western Sugar Reflnir.g Company; Lairfneister
& Seenon, Wellman, Peck & Co.; Abramson
Heunlsch Glass Company; Yates & Co.'; Carson
Glove Co.; H. Levi & Co.; Dodge, Sweeney &
Co.: Hills Bros.; Sperry Flour Company; F.
B. Dallam & Co.; Wheaton, Pond & Harrold,
Inc.; Dairymen's Union of California; Castle
Bros. ; Livingstone & Co. ; M. L. Blum & Co. ;
Scott & Gilbert Company; Pacific Coast Syrup
Company; S. H. Frank & Co., Inc.; Tillmann &
Bendel; Lake & Co.; Fishbeck & Glootz; L.
Feldmann & Co.; Levenson & Co.; the Howard
H. Hogan Company; Anglo-American Crockery
and Glassware Company; Code- Port wood Can
ning Company; J. H. Neubauer & Co.; M. Ehr
man & Co.; Lurman. Martinelli & Creon; Getz
Bros. & Co.; M. J. Brandenetein & Co. ;. A.
Klelschacker & Co.; Carlson Currier Company:
Mangrum & Otter. Inc.; Rosenthal, Feder &
Co.: Brown Bros. Company; Wolf Bros; Estate
of Jo6eph Frankley; Siebe Shoe Company; Haas
Brothers; Heinz & Plagemann; G. M. Joselyn
tc Co.: Bowers Rubber Company; Ames & Har
ris; Brauschweiger & Co., Inc:; Paul'Fried
man: Worden & Little; George P. Ide & Co.;
Schwabacher Bros.; Stockton Milling Com
pany; Coghill & Kohn; S. H. Tyler & Son; Rtn
aldo Bros. & Co.; Columbia Coffee and Spice
Company; Italian-Swiss Colony; Tubbs Cord
age Company: Pacific Vinegar and Pickle
Works; Well Bros. & Sonn; Goldstone Bros.;
Kullman, Salz & Co.; Sussman, Wormscr & Co.;
Hooper & Jennlng-s.
May 12. 1902.
The following firms have signed the
agreement to close as requested:
To the members of the Board of Trade ot
San Francisco — Gentlemen: Owing to May 30
(Decoration day) being a legal holiday, and
May 31 falling on a Saturday (a half-holiday)
several of the merchants of this city have re
quested the undersigned to circulate a petition
among the business houses to close on Satur
day, May 31, in order to give business men and
their employes Friday, Saturday and Sunday
away from their regular occupations—
Tne accompanying agreement to this effect Is
therefore presented for signatures.
Respectfully,
W. L. SMITH, Secretary.
Decoration day comes this year on a
Friday, and a petition has been addressed
to the wholesale houses asking them to
give their employes Saturday as well as
P riday, which would permit them a three
days' lay-off.
The petition reads as follows:
lowing- Decoration Day.
Merchants Sign Agreement to Grant
Employes Holiday Saturday Fol-
PETITION FOR AN EXTRA
DAY OFF FINDS FAVOR
It is stated that the Perry made a
speed of 27.1 knots in a free run over a
measured course". Her contract speed
formerly was 29 knots, but this figure aft
erward was modified to 2G knots.
WASHINGTON, May 21.— The Navy
Department has received the report of the
preliminary acceptance trial of the tor
pedo boat destroyer Perry, built by the
Union Iron Works of San Francisco.
NEW DESTROYER PERRY
HAS REQUIRED SPEED
Mrs Clara A. Gllbertson, grand matron;
grand patron. Charles Mitchell; past grand
patron,^ Thomas Flint . Jr. ; grand secretary,
Mrs Kate J. Willats; associate grand conduc
tress Alice Frances Hlclde; district- deputy
Brand matron. Mrs. Anna M. Johnson; Husle
M Willats, P. W. matron, and Mr. and Mrs.
E J. Vawter of Santa Monica.
MlFPfs Emily Llndslay. Pearl Aurys. Llllie
Bronbon, Lulu Edwards, Anita Ferguson, Car
rie Feldman. Martha France, Bessie Haste,
Kathryne Kerrigan. Olga Korbel, P. McClure,
Sophia Miller. Mabel Marshall. Nancy Place,
Jennie Watklns. Lottie McLaughlin. Dora
Adelsteln, and Messrs. Matt Lindsay. Dr. James
\V. Likens. Robert Lee France. Bert Davis.
Milton Under. Hairy S. Johnson, R. R.- Reed,
S. A Clark. Dr. Bertram Alden. Dr. B. Korts
and Dr. T. W." Servlss.
The. special guests were:
Golden Gate Hall was artistically, and
very prettily decorated last night in honor
of the grand ball given by California
chapter of the Order of the Eastern Star
to its members and 'special guests. The
ladies wore pretty gowns, one of the
handsomest being that worn by Dr. Ber
tha W. Stark, the worthy matron, who,
with P. F. Ferguson, the worthy patron,
led the grand march, in which fully 150
couples participated. ? . The worthy matron
wore a white moire velours silk en train,
trimmed with black lace, white brocaded
silk and white and black velvet bows.
Floor manager Miss Alma Harder di
rected the several numbers on the pro
gramme with the assistance of the fol
lowing members of the floor committee:
California Chapter En
tertains at Golden
Gate Hall.
It is supposed that on leaving the hos
pital he and Guerin- proceeded to drink
heavily, and that a quarrel arose and
Guerin drew his knife and struck White.
Guerin was soon taken into custody by
the police and brought to the hospital
where he was identified by White as the
man who had stabbed him.
Charles White and Robert Guerln, while
out driving yesterday afternoon were
Thrown from their buggy and White was
taken to the Park Hospital to be treated
for a lacerated ear. After being cared
for he was discharged, but was brought
back in an hour to the hospital suffer
ing from knife wounds in the back and
abdomen.
Charles White Thrown From Buggy
and Is Seriously Stabbed
One Hour Later.
BROUGHT TO HOSPITAL
TWICE IN ONE HOUR
In the trial of the members of- the Hill
Packing Company for a similar offense, a
similar letter from Professor Hilgard was
Introduced in evidence. The Fruit and
Vegetable Inspector will write to Profes
sor Hilgard for an explanation.
In mitigation of her offense, Mrs. Mont
gomery exhibited a letter from Professor
Hilgard of the State University, in answer
to a query from her whether he could
recommend a harmless recipe for coloring
olives black. The professor, without rec
ommending the use of copperas, told just
how the copperas would do the work and
also gave the propprtlons to -the gallon.
On this letter, Mrs. Montgomery said, she
went ahead and cured her olives and
colored them according to the directions
given. She declared that she had.no in
tention of violating the law and said that
she would not have used the copperas had
she known it was injurious.
LOS AXGELES, May 21.— Mrs. E. Mont
gomery, charged with coloring green
olives with copperas to imitate the ripe
article, pleaded guilty to-day. She was
fined $25, with $20 costs.
fessor Hilgard.
Recipe Was Obtained From Pro-
Mrs. Montgomery Shows That Her
FINED FOB USING COPPERAS
TO COLOR GREEN OLIVES
Four dogs were killed In the combat.
Finally, after others of the hunting party
had sent five bullets, into the bear's body,
it turned and ran. It was followed a half
mile, and when the party again came up
on the sheep-slayer It law cold in death.
The party started from the Harlan gcat
ranch and just as it reached the ravint
which divides the peaks of St. John and
Sheet Iron mountains the dogs bayed the
bear. He was in the brush, so the Harlan
brothers entered the thicket to drive him
out. The bear suddenly attacked them,
striking one of the hunters a terrific blow
that tore all the clothing from his body,
but the man managed to get away. The
beast then turned its attention to the sec
ond hunter, but just then- the hounds
leaped In upon it and caused it to direct
its fight toward them.
WILLOWS, May 21.— For several years
a large brown bear has been causing the
sheepmen of St. John and Sheet Iron
mountains of the Coast Range in Glenn
County a great deal of trouble, making
away with a large number of kids. A party
was recently formed and started out to
capture or kill the bear. Word has just
reached Willows that bruin has been
brought down, two of the party— Chri3
and Hehn Harlan— almost losing their
lives during the proceeding. The bear
weighed more than 800 pounds and is said
to have been the largest brown bear ever
killed in these mountains.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The Mine Workers of America will at
once expend $1000 for the needy families
of Its members who died in the mine.
The letters, In the main, were direc
tions to families as to what disposition
should be made of the writers' bodies and
business affairs and instruction as to
raising the families.
"My God, for another breath."
The letters indicate that the men were
gradually being strangled to death by the
foul air that was entering the mine and
gaseous air that was filling the mine.
One read:
"With the bodies recovered to-day were
found several letters written by some of
the men before life became extinct. One
had been timed 2:33 o'clock Monday af
ternoon, indicating that these and per
haps others of the entombed men lived
many hours after the explosion, which'
occurred at 7:30 o'clock Monday morning.
KNOXVILLE, Tenn., May 21.— Thirteen
bodies were found to-day in an entry of
the Fraterville Coal- Creek mine, making
the total dead 226.
Two Brothers in Glenn
• County Barely Es
cape Death.
tombed and Near
.to Death.
Miners Write While En-
An election of the two members of the
Teachers' Retirement Committee to re
place Miss Frances Hodgklnson and T. H.
McCarthy will be held in the Annuity
Commissioners' room in the City Hall
next Saturday at 10 a. m.
Superintendent Webster has issued a
r.otiee that the annual meeting of the Na
tional Educational Association will be
held at Minneapolis, Minn.. July 7 to 11,
1202.
It was contended by the protestants
that the Edna street lot was too far re
moved from the center of the district. On
the other hand arguments were presented
to show that the Joost avenue site was
practically outside of the district desired
to be accommodated. The board on the
sCvice of the Mayor decided to stand by
The purchase of the Edna street lot.
Mayor Schmitz and the members of the
Board of Education visited the Sunnyside
district yesterday for the purpose of In
specting the site selected for the erection
of a new schoolhouse. The board has
practically agreed to purchase the lot at
the corner of Edna and Flood avenues.
Several residents protested against this
site and urged the board to buy a lot on
Joost avenue. Two other sites were also
favored. The champions of the four sites
were out in force to greet the city of
ficials. t
Xayor Schmitz and Board of Educa-
tion Visit the District
SUNNYSIDE SCHOOL SITE.
TRURO. K. S., May 21.— A strange funeral
mlxup and case of mistaken identity has just
come to light here. It all happened through
a mistake of a Reno, Nev., undertaker, who
shipped a body to Truro as that of Hari-y
Murray, who was supposed to have died in
Reno on May 1 from pneumonia. The hos
pital authorities at Reno identified the dead
man as Harry Murray and wired Angus Mur
ray, his father, here. A few days later the body
arrived, and, although the dead man did not
look much like young Murray, the funeral was
held, as it was thought the young man's ap
pearance might have changed in the two years
he had been away. .His sister, Mabel, died
within a few days of the body's arrival, and
the relatives held a double funeral.
To-day a second telegram came, saying that
there was a mistake and the body was not
Murray's, but that of a man who had stolen
Murray's coat, with letters and papers, on
which the identification was based.
RENO, Nev., May 21.— J. W. Murray, a
brother of Harry Murray, who was sup
posed to have died in the County THos
pital three or four weeks ago and whose
body was shipped to Nova Scotia, is here
Investigating a case of mistakenJdentity.
It seems that the body shipped to Nova
Scotia was that of Daniel Callahan in
stead of the remains of Harry Murray.
Callahan stole a coat from Murray con
taining newspaper clippings and a receipt,
on which the identification was based. As
a matter of fact, Harry Murray is alive
and well in Utah. The following dispatch
was received from Nova Scotia this morn
ing:
Nova Scotians Find Relative Living
After Burying Corpse Shipped
From Nevada.
WRONG IDENTIFICATION *
OF BODY CAUSES TANGLE
EASTERN STAR
GIVES SOCIAL
After the performance there is to be
dancing, with James Cunningham as floor
director.
The folowing gentlemen have been 'inde
fatigable in their efforts to present a va
ried and entertaining programme: Max
Licht, chairman; _E. Levyr treasurer;
George Morgan, secretary, and J. J.
Byrne. C. Jacobs. J. Glendon, M. Carter
and Fred Bruce Meadows.
"Our Boys, or Who Passed the Gold
Brick?" is the title of a minstrel whimsi
cality by Charles Dixon, which will be
presented by the company. The Bennettt
sisters will appear in a clever act. Speci
mens of fancy and burlesque skating will
be given by George Morgan, who is an
adept on the rollers.
The preparations have been under the
watchful care of Fred Bruce Meadows,
who is- the stage director. J. Glendon
will act as the interlocutor, while the
bones will be in the dextrous fingers of
C. Schindler and Charles .Dixon. M.
Furet and J. Ross have been specially se
lected to handle the tambourines. The
vocal portion of the entertainment has
been well looked after and" some very
choice singing is assured by the Filipino
Quartet and the Knickerbocker Quartet.
they have been preparing a min
strel show, and punctually at 8 o'clock
this evening they will march on the stage
of Odd Fellows' Hall in. orthodox minstrel
fashion to sing ditties, crack jokes, rattle
the bones, and generally make the atmos
phere a wave of ecstatic pleasure.
THOSE very affable gentlemen, the
retail shoe clerks of the city, will
appear jn the role of entertainers
to-night. For some .time past.
"In the name of the French army,
which has not forgotten the honor which
your Majesty paid it in attending its ma
neuvers, I drink to the prosperity and
glory of the brave army of Russia."
"Sir: I thank your Majesty for giving
me the extreme pleasure of admiring the
line troops, whose proud bearing, martial
step and precision in maneuvering are
evidence that the Russian, army proudly
maintains its high renown. Just as com
mon sympathies and wide Interests have
united the two peoples, so the noble
brotherhood of arms and reciprocal es
teem strongly bind the two armies. This
imposing force menaces no one, but It has
furnished Russia and France both a guar
antee for the exercise of their rights and
an aegis under which they can in all
tranauillity follow the fruitful labors
which are rendering the two nations more
prosperous and augmenting their power
and legitimate influence.
"Mr. President: The troops whose
march past you have Just witnessed are
happy to have been privileged to render
honors to so highly esteemed a chief of
state. The lively sympathies felt by the
Russian army for the splendid army of
France are well known. They constitute
a real brotherhood of arms, which we can
regard with all the greater satisfaction
because these imposing forces are not
destined to support one another aggres
sively, but on the contrary to strengthen
the maintenance of general peace and
safeguard respect for those high princi
ples which assure the well-being and con
duce to the progress of nations. I raise
my glass to the prosperity and glory of
the grand army of France."
Loubet replied:
TOAST BY CZAPv.
BEVIEW OF TROOPS.
In fact, as the newspaper correspond
ents have already realized, the following
ot Loubet's movements will be none too
*»a?y a task. How are they going to fol
low him on te Gatschina and thence to
Selo? The Russian Government reallzin?
these difficulties has shown every inten
tion of good will toward the French Jour
nalists, and as an extraordinary favor, in
view of the trouble there will- be in Jour
neying to and from Tsarskoe-Selo, the'
Havas Agency correspondent and M. Cal
mette, director of tlie Figraro, will T>e
given quarters in the palace of Tsarskoe-
Selo.
TSARSKOE-SELO. Russia, May 21.—
Czar, President Loubet. the Czarina and
the Dowager Czarina attended a great re
view of troops to-day. His Majesty, on
horseback, and M. Loubet. the Czarina,
the Dowager Czarina and the Grand
Duchess Sergius, in a carriage, passed be
fore the troops. They were attended by
brilliant suites. The Imperial and Presi
dential cortege receded an ovation from
the large crowds of people which assem
bled Co witness the military display. At
the luncheon after the review the Czar
offered the following toast: i _ -
ST. PETERSBURG, May 21.— To-day
the people seem largely engaged in try
ing to size up the importance of President
Loubet's visit and to estimate its value
in the scale of international politics.
French journalists, who have' arrived hero
in vast numbers, seem to have an idea
tnat the visit and reception are more of
an official and less of a general nature
than had been supposed.
In this idea the French newspaper rep
resentatives would seem from present ap
peaTances to be right. The fact of the
President remaining at Tsarskoe-Selo
considerably limits the extension ot the
demonstration of the general popular dis
play of enthusiasm. It is understood that
the rules as to general visiting there will
be very strict, and that there will be no
special encouragement given for the gath
ering of large masses of the populace. All
compliments of every possible kind will
be paid to Russia's guest, but there will
be no Immense public demonstrations.
Russia does not think any such are
needed.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
FLYER DERAILED
IN RENO YARDS
And a word here, where we meet to honor
the memory of those ' who drew the great prize
cf death in battle, a word in reference to -the
survivors. I think that one lesson every one
who was capable of learning anything learned
from his experience in that war, was ths old,
old lesson that we need to apply in peace quite
as much — the lesson that the man who doej
not cere to do any act until the time for
heroic action comes does not do the heroic act
when the time does come. Tou remember,
comrades, it is barely possible some of you re
member being the man who when you enlisted
had a theory that there was nothing but splen
dor and fighting and bloodshed in the war,
and then had the experience at once of learn
ing that the first thing you had to do was to
perform commonplace duties and -perform
them well. '; The work of any man in the
campaign depended opon the resolution and In
telligence with which he startedVabout doing
each duty as it arose, not waiting until he
could choose the duty that he thought suf n -
clently spectacular to do; doing the duty that
came to hand. . - - .-.
That is exactly the lesson that all of us
need to learn in time of peace. It Is not
merely a great thing, but an indispensable
.thing, i that the nation's citizens should be
ready and willing to do for it at the time of
need. What we need most in . this republic is
not special genius, is not unusual brilliancy,
but the honest and upright adherence on - the
part of the masses of the citizens and their
representatives to the fundamental laws of pri
vate and public morality, which are now what
they have been during recorded history, and we
shall succeed or fall in making in this republic
what it should be made— I will go a little fur
ther than that— what it shall and must be
made, according to the • manner in which we
resolutely set ourselves to the task of citi
zenship, which consists of doing the duties,
private and public, which in the assreuat %
make it ui>.
Mrs. President, and members of the society,
and you, my comrades, and finally officers and
men of the regular army, whom we took at
our models in the war four years ago: * It is a
pleasure to be here this afternoon to accept In
,the name of the nation the monument put up
by your society to the memory of those who
fell in the war with Spain — a short war, a
war. that, called for the exertion of only the
merest fraction of the giant strength of this
nation, but a war. the effects of which will be
felt through the centuries to come. . It is emi
nently appropriate that the monument should
be unveiled ¦ to-day, the day which succeeded
that on which the free republic of Cuba took
Its place among the nations of the world, as a
sequel to what was done by those men who
fell, and by their . comrades in "08.
We went to war for a specific purpose. We
made for Cuba a specific pledge and we re
deemed that pledge to the letter? And I think,
my comrades, that we have peculiar reasons
to be ¦ proud of one of our fellows who served
with us in that war, and under whom during
the last few years Cuba has taken these
strides forward which have fitted It to stand
alone — I speak of General Leonard Wood. And
great though the services were that General
Wood rendered during the war, they have been
surpassed by the inestimable service he ha.-?
rendered in peace to Cuba, and therefore to
our nation, for our interest was bound up in
the success and welfare of Cuba.
: The ceremonies were in charge of Md-
Jor General John R. Brooke, commander
of the 1 Department of the East, the mili
tary establishment being represented by
a battalion of engineers, a battalion of
marines, a light battery- of the Fourth
Artillery,, two squadrons of the Second
Cavalry and over 500 \ veterans of the
Spanish War. The services began with
tho playing of the "Dead March" from
Saul and this was followed by a* choir
singing "Onward, Chiristian • Soldier."
Prayer was said by Bishop- Satterlee and
a Catholic priest end the entire audience
joined in singing the national hymn. Lieu
tenant General John M. Schoneld, U. S.
A., retired, then read the address of the
president of the National Society, Mrs.
Justin W. R. Townsend. As the shaft
was unveiled the artillery flred the na
tional salute, after ¦ which President
Roosevelt delivered the following ad
dress:
WASHINGTON; May 21.-President
Roosevelt to-day unveiled the memorial
shaft erected at Arlington by the Na
tional Society of Colonial Dames in mem
ory of the soldiers who fell in the recent
struggle between Spain and the United
States. Around the platf orm an immense
crowd gathered, among whom were many
men who saw service in Cuba, Porto Rico
and the Philippines.
HUNTERS FIGHT
WITH BIG BEAR
Many of the neighbors cf Pereira are
still of the opinion that the baby must
have been kidnaped and left in the out
of-the-way spot where it was found.
Their theory is that some enemy of the
father took this fiendish way of gaining
revenge, or else- that the kidnaper, be
coming alarmed at the scope of the
search, was forced to abandon the child,
and left it where it. was quite likely to
be found by some of the searchers. The
fact that the baby was very hungry when
it was discovered, however, indicates that
it must have had no nourishment for
some hours at least.
The search in the grain fields for .miles
around the Pereira house was prosecuted
systematically yesterday and all last
night, hundreds of men tramped the sur
rounding country in the hope of hearing
the cries' of: the little fellow. So thor
ough was the hunt," and yet bo unavail
ing, that every one had come to the con
clusion that the .chilil had been kidnaped
and a reward of $500 was offered for its
recovery.
How the little fellow, whose second
birthday occurred but several months ago,
succeeded in traveling barefooted nve
miles over a route that at times lay over
rough hills and again through brush and
briar passes understanding. , When found
the child was actually playing on the
sandy bank of the creek. However, its
delight when It saw its rescuer was piti
ful. Its first words were a petition for
something to eat. The babe was hurried
home and soon had a sufficiency of food
to repay it for its two days' fast. The
little fellow's feet were somewhat bruised
from traveling over the rough ground,
but it is believed that the consequences
of its extended journey and fasting will
not be serious.
WILLOWS. May 21.-The search for th«
two-year-old son of J. A. Perelra, who
disappeared from home at noon on Mon
day, ended this morning at 10 o'clock,
when an employe on the Finnell ranch
discovered the little fellow sitting on the
bank of Stony Creek, five miles from
home. The child immediately asked for
something to eat, but seemed unconcern
ed and did not show any ill effects of
his long fast.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Sullivan, with a friend, visited Mora
ghan's oyster restaurant in -the California
market. He tendered his money for the
repast, but complained that the cashier
failed to give him 40 cents change that
he claims was due him. The cashier de
clared that he gave Sullivan the change,
but the latter insisted that he had not
done so and threatened that if the money
was not forthcoming he would take it out
of the cash register himself. It is said
that he was in the act of carrying out his
threat when Special Officer Harry Porter
came up and dazed him with a blow from
his club. The officer, according to Sullivan,
continued planting blows on the , top of
his head until he was in such a condition
that it was found necessary to take him
to the Harbor Hospital to have ' the
wounds attended to. Sullivan, who was
perfectly sober, was covered with blood
.ana presented , a. much battered appear
ance, it was considered by those who
?£. ne ! sed the special officer's treatment
W^Zz J? e used mo " s severity than was
EftS ed .'i ev t n If Su »lvan had attempted to
take his change from the register. \ He
huTh actually done more than place
£nn£« nd A n , the . Sullivan is well
known and is said to *e a peaceable young
Sst n2ht WaS In a pItIable condition late
dif?i?rhwl«?& cer - Porter Placed a charge of
disturbing the peace against Sullivan.
A- dispute over change resulted in John
Sullivan, cashier for the Dunham, Carri
gan & Hayden Co.; receiving a series of
severe lacerations of the scalp last night
that .may lay him up for some days.
LETTERS TELL
OF THEIR AGONY
Chairman Knowland will announce the
committee on permanent organization as
early as possible.
Rabbi Jacob ,Voor6anger was called
upon by Chairman Knowland, and in a
stirring* address that aroused enthusiasm
lie commended highly the purposes of the
new league.
Short addresses were made by members
of the different organizations represented,
in which assurances were given of the in
terest felt in those societies and pledging
their loyal support to the movement.
Much emphasis was placed on the edu
cational possibilities of the movement,
and especial effort 'will be made to enlist
the aid of school children.
Mr. Knowland, speaking as chairman
and as a representative of the Native
tons, explained the object of the meeting
and the purposes of the proposed league.
After some discussion of ways and means
the chairman was instructed to appoint
ix committee of fifteen on permanent or
ganization. A second meeting will be
held Wednesday evening. June 4, at the
seme place to receive the committee's re
port and to complete the work of organ
ization.
Assemblyman Joseph R. Knowland,
whose lectures on California landmarks
and whose efforts In the Legislature on.
behalf of the preservation of historic
buildings have brought him into promi
nence in connection with this movement,
was made chairman by common consent,
and Mrs. Laura Bride Powers was chosen
as secretary.
The organizations interested in the
formation of the new* society are the So
ciety of California Pioneers, the Pioneer
Women, the Native Sons of the Golden
West, the Native Daughters of the Golden
West, the Daughters of the Pioneers, the
Young Men's Institute, the California
c Jub. the "Women's Press Association and
the Teachers' Club. Representatives of
all of these organizations were present at
a meeting held last night in Native Son3"
Preliminary organization was effected
last night of a society to be known as the
California Historic Landmarks League,
the object of which is to be the preserva
tion of buildings and spots associated with
epoch-making events in the State's his
tory and the collection and dissemination
of historic facts.
Miss Rosalie Harby petitioned that she
be permitted to «Uer upon the duties of
her position as vice principal of the Fair
inount School, to which she was elected
December 28, 1898. The petition was taken
under advisement.
M. E. Blanchard. principal of the Han
cock Grammar School, against whom
charges of inflicting: unusual punishment
on a pupil, John Raggio, have been tiled,
petitioned for a speedy trial. Blanchard
in a communication informed the board
that he has dismissed the action to pro
hibit Director Roncovieri from acting
with the board in the trial of the charges
and desires to have the matter settled
before the school vacation. The board
set next Monday morning as the time for
hearing the charges.
The Board of Education yesterday
aucpted a resolution providing that the
present salary schedule remain in force
lor the next fiscal year. This action sets
at rest the persistent rumors that ,ihe
salaries of teachers would be materially
reduced because of an alleged Insufficient
jippropriation. It will also be a disap
pointment to some teachers who peti
tioned for increased salaries. The Fi
nance Committee of the Board of Supervi
sors has recommended ample funds for
the proper maintenance of the School De
partment, but the construction ef new
>c!ioolhouses will have to be accomplished
jjy other means.
Mrs. J. Murphy and Mrs. J. Knaps,
j<: stresses of the Franklin School, and
Mrs. K. A. Hunter, janltress of the
Cooper School, were dismissed from their
positions on account of complaints filed
aeainst them. Mrs. Allscits. janitress of
the Humboldt School, was transferred to
the Cooper School; Ed JCellman was elect
fd janitor of the Humboldt School, and
August Schive janitor of the Franklin
School. \
Kernan Robinson was elected a regular
tei-cher in the Polytechnic School, subject
10 two years' probation.
The president of the board was author
ized to amend section 5 of the plan of
promotion regarding the scale of credits
to be allowed.
Troops of Russia Are
Reviewed by the
President
Hearing of Charges Against
M. E. Blancharti Com
mences Monday.
Nation's Chief Speaks of the
. Glories of the
Army.
Is Discovered Playing on
Bank of Creek Five Miles
;-'¦; From Home. •
Dispute Regarding Change
Results in Serious
Injury.
Pioneers and Their Sons and
Daughters Lead the
Movement
School Board Readopts
the Schedule Now
in Force.
Czar Reassures Lou*
bet of Friend*
ship.
president Roosevelt Un
veils Monument to
Soldiers.
Well-Known Citizen Is
Victim of a Vicious
League.
Men and Women Form
California Landmarks
Raiicher Pereira's Babe
Ends a Two Days'
Fast.
LAUDS HEROES
AT ARLINGTON
CHERISH STATE'S
EARLY HISTORY
FIX SALARIES
FOR NEXT YEAR
PLEDGES
LOYALTY
TO ALLY
SHOE CLERKS
TO APPEAR IN
MINSTREL ACTS
SEARCHER FINDS
MISSING CHILD
OFFICER CLUBS
JOHN SULLIVAN
THE SAST FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, M^Y 22, 1902,
9
ADVERTISEMENTS.
GRAPE-NUTS.
Mrs. Pinkham invites all wo-
menT7ho are ill to write her for
advice.*- Address Iiynn, Maa&,
giving fidl particulars.
knew one day how I would feel the
next. I was nervous and had no ap-
petite, neither could I sleep soundly
nights. Lydia E. Pinkham's Veg-
etable Compound, used ia con-
junction with your Sanative Wash, did
more for ma than all the medicines
and the skill cf the doctors. For eight
months I have enjoyed perfect health.
1 verily believe that most of the doc-
tors are guessing and experimenting
when they try to cure a woman with
tin assortment of complications, such as
mine ; but you do not gness. How I
wish. all sufZering women could only
know of yo*ur remedy ; there wtuld be
less suffering 1 . 1 know." — Laura How-
ard, 113 Nfwberry Ave.. Chicago, 111.
—$5000 forfeit If abece testimonial Is not genuine.
MISS LAURA HOWARD, CHICAGO.
No Use for It Any More.
"BLUE MONDAY."
How gcod food put a. good minister on
his feet again Is an interesting story. He
pays: "A little more than a. year ago I
commenced the use of Grape-Nuts Break-
fast Food. At that time I had been suf-
fering from dyspepsia for about five
years. 1 had tried all the remedies my
friends told me about but with no per-
manent relief.
"My Sabbath duties at that time nearly
prostrated me and the; following day I
was of no use to myself or to anyone else.
"After beginning the food a change be-
gan to take place and gradually the dys-
pepsia and disturbance left me. Now I
have gained twtnty pounds and am free
from stomach troubles that I suffered, so
long from.
"I can do twice the amount of work with
rase, am well all of the time, and natur-
silly sing the praises of the delicious food
that has put me right. 1 am perfectly
v.illirg to have my name appear as en-
dorsing your excellent food, for I know
from personal experience of its value."
i^ It. Danforth. pastor of the FIr6t M. E.
Cfeurch. Havcrhill. Mass.
" De a r Mrs. Ptxxham : — I can thank
you for perfect health to-day. Life
looked so dark to me a year or two
ago. I had constant pains, my limbs
swelled, I had dizzy spells, and never
President South End Ladies'
Golf Club, Chicago, Cured by
Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable
Compound After the Best Doc-
tors Had Failed To Help Her.
MISS LAURA HOWARD,THE SAN FRANCISCO* CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 22, 1902.
And less will buy the newest and best
of furniture at Pattoslen's. Why? Be
cause we must raise $85,000 to pay for our
Oakland branch store stock, bought three
months too soon. 16th and Mission ats. •
60 Cents on the Dollar
Herman Windell and Michael Burks
were convicted by Judge Mogan yester
day on six charges of petty larceny, and
each sentenced to three months in the
County Jail on the first charge and thirty
days on each of the other five charges.
Windell was employed as a bookkeeper
and Burke as a porter by Rountree, Pe
terson & Jones, hardware merchants, 741
Bryant street. They stole locks and
hinges from their employers and pawned
the plunder to get money for drink.
Stole From Their Employers.
The Arctic Oil Company has gradually
disposed of branches of Its business until
now the corporation Is without a
line and without property other than
the site and buildings out by the
Union Iron Works. Its whaling fleet
had been- disposed of to the Pacific Steam
Whaling Company and its salmon can
neries and cannery steamers to the Pa
cific Packing and Navigation Company.
Its oil business included the purchase, re-
The sale Includes the manufacturing,
refining and storage plant at the Potrero
works, the stock on hand, nineteen tank
cars and wagons, horses and other prop
erty necessary to the business. It does
not include the site of the works, 400x400
feet in size, nor the buildings. The Stand
ard Oil Company will remove whatever
of the plant will be useful to its present
works and will abandon the Potrero
works, where twenty men are now* given
employment. !
Negotiations for the deal have been In
progress some weeks, being conducted by
William S. Miller, treasurer of the Stand
ard Oil Company, and owners of the Arc
tic Oil Company, resident in Seattle and
New York. •
The Standard Oil Company has pur
chased the plant, stock and good will of
the Arctic Oil Works, disposing by that
method of the largest of the independent
oil companies on the Pacific Coast. The
transfer of the property is now; under
way and will be consummated probably
to-day.
The Memorial day committee appeals to
the public for donations of cut nower3
decorating the graves of the nation's de
parted heroes in San Francisco. As there
are more than 4000 graves to be decorated
here this year, the labors of the commit
tee far exceed the task accomplished in
previous years. In the National Ceme
tery at the Presidio alone there are 3UV2
graves, where but a few years ago there
were not more than as many hundreds.
The ladies of the G. A. R. Relief Corps
have kindly volunteered their services in
sorting and preparing the flowers for dis
tribution. They will be at Metropolitan
Hall, on the lower floor, Jessie-street en
trance, on the morning of next Thursday,
May 29, to receive flowers, and citizens
are requested to contribute by leaving the
flowers at the hall.
Want Flowers to Decorate Graves.
Acquires Entire Property
of the Arctic Oil
Works.
STANDARD OIL
BUYS OUT RIVAL
"The Arctic Oil Works' owners decida
to retire from business," Treasurer Mil
ler of the Standard Oil Company said
yesterday, "and they made us a proposi
tion which we liked and the purchase was
made. We shall not maintain the Potre
ro works. Everything serviceable will be
moved to our own plant. There was no
war of rates or freezing out or anything
of that sort."
fining and sale of whale and sperm oiL
the manufacture of lubricating oil and
the purchase and sale of mineral oils.
This is disposed of, to the Standard Oil
Company and the competing corporation
retires from the field.
Movements of Steamers.
False Friend Leaves Her Penniless.
Mme. R. de Buisson, charged with de-
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of tho lower low waters.
Charles A. Green and Silas Green, con
stituting the saloon and cafe firm of
Green Brothers, 13 and 15 Powell street,
filed a petition in insolvency yesterday in
the United States District Court. The
liabilities amount to 512.06S74 and the as
sets to $6680. •
File Petition in Insolvency.
Horrified and rendered distracted by the
fear of becoming blind, Emilio Merani loft
his bed at 5 o'clock yesterday morn
ing, went to the beach at the Pre
sidio reservation and committed suicide
by shooting himself with a revolver in
the left breast and right temple. J The
body was discovered soon afterward, with
the revolver clasped in the right hand.
Friends of Merani informed Deputy
Coroner Meehan that about two weeks
ago he began to complain that his sight
was failing., tind as the malady, became
more and more pronounced he threatened
to kill himself before he became blind
and a burden upon his relatives or friends.
He had an overmastering horror of the
fate be believed to be in store for him
and seemed to be crazed almost over the
prospect.
Merani conducted a shoe store at 1417
Dupont street, and resided with his aged
mother at 623 Green | street. He was a
native of Italy and 40 years old.
and Ends His Life With a
Revolver.
Emilio Merani Goes to the Presidio
FEAR OF BLINDNESS
CAUSES A SUICIDE
The quickest and most convenient way In
and out of tho Tosemlte Valley is by way of
the Santa Fe. If you leave San Francisco to
day at 9 a. m. on the California . Limited you
are in yosemite to-morrow at 5 p. m.
Call at Santa Fe ticket office. 611 Market
6treet. for Illustrated pamphlet and full par
ticulars. '¦¦'¦ . *
Yosemite Via the Santa Fe.
If they can't shoot they all know how
to have a good time and how • to make
their guests happy. The party will leave
here on the 12 o'clock boat.
There will be great doings at Shell
Mound Park to-day. The amateur sharp
shooters of Germanla Schuetzen Club are
to hold their annual shoot. Captains of
vessels plying on the bay have been warn
ed to keep well off the Berkeley shore 1 .
The reason, for the precautions is obvious
when it is known the club numbers among
its active members Ferris Hartman,
"Doc" Leahy, Harry Cashman, Paul
Steindorff,."Jim" Leahy, and other of the
Tivoli Opera-house artists and attaches.
As none of the members have ever pointed
a rifle on the 200-yard range, it is even
money betting the target will not be punc
tured. '
Tivoli Stars at the Eifle Range.
frauding an innkeeper.. was tried before
Judge Fritz yesterday! * She came to this
city about six months ago intending to
purchase a lodging-house. She had $650,
and Charles Martin, a supposed friend,
induced her to place the money in his
care. Soon after getting the money Mar
tin left the city and went to Washing
ton leaving her penniless. He' wrote to
her that he j would soon send her back
the money, and she stopped the com
plaint in the hope that Martin would ful
fill his promise. He failed to do so, and a
friend advised her to surreptitiously leave
the house as she was unable to pay her
bill of $123, and she did so aided by mes
senger boys. The Judge continued the
further hearing of the. case till May 31.
"I suggest,"- said Kilburn, "that the en
gineer make his report by next Saturday
and let us know the precise facts."
Budd inquired of Engineer Norton if
Inspector Duff would be in a position to
know if the specifications were changed,
and on receiving an affirmative reply he
suggested that Duff be invited to file a
supplementary report.
This was agreed upon by Commissioners
Kilburn, Mackenzie and Kirkpatrick, and
Engineer Norton announced, that he would
submit his report at the meeting of the
board Saturday morning. The board then
adjourned.
; Attorney James Budd, as counsel for the
board, suggested that "Engineer Norto.i
be asked to report such changes in the
specifications as he had cognizance of.
"That will not do, in my judgment,"
said ¦ Kirkpatrick. "He has already re
ported to the board that the specifications
were not changed. How, then, could we
get anything new from him?"
Budd answered that this was the legal
course to pursue. "If the report is un
satisfactory to the board," he resumed,
"there are other . methods that may be
adopted. If the report should be wrong
there are assistants who might inquire
into the matter and submit reports to the
beard."
This board was entitled to believe that the
specifications were beinsr adhered ' to by tho
engineer and contractor. The reports of the
engineer and inspector were favorable and as
far as I am concerned I had no knowledge of
any changes in the specifications having been
made. Alter a contract has been awarded this
board has no power to chanse specifications In
any particular whatsoever. The inspector upon
whose reports we relied came to us highly
recommended and we had no reason to suppose
he would file misleading reports. I think this
board should appoint a committee whose duty
it shall be to find out In what respect the
specifications were changed and who profited
by reason of such change.
The board directed Chief Engineer I*
D. Norton to file a report on the work in
question at the meeting of the board Sat
urday morning. This report, shall give in
detail all changes made in the specifica
tions, together with data showing whether
such changes, if any, were to tne advan
tage or. detriment of the Staffc. . .¦ ' ¦
The Call's charges were brought up by
President Kilburn after the transaction
of the routine business. He said the mat
ter was of sufficient gravity to engage the
attention of the board. He desired that
some sort, of inquiry should be made in
order to arrive at the facts. ; ,
, Commissioner Kirkpatrick echoed j the
sentiment of Kilburn. He said: .
The State Board of Harbor Commission
ers took official cognizance at its meeting
yesterday of The Call's expose of unlaw
ful changes of specifications in the con
struction of piers Nos. 19, 21, 23 and 25, by
which favorites of Governor Gage reaped
llnancial benefit.
Changes in the Specifications
Will Be Officially In
quired Into.
Call's Expose Taken Up
by State Harbor,
Commission.
BOARD WILL
INVESTIGATE
TO ARRIVE.
NOTE — In'tht! above exposition of the tides
tho early morniuc tides are slvcn In the left
hand column- and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to 1 time; the
fourth' time column'; gives the last tide of- the
day. except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. ,Tho heights given are ', In
addition to the soundings of the. United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( -)
plgn prfce.dfs the helftht,' and then the number
Eivcn Is subtracted ¦ Xrom the : depth • given by
FROM SEATTLE.
THURSDAY. MAY 22,
NOTE— The hijjh and low waters occur at
tho city front (Mission-street wharf) about,
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the. height of tide is the same at both places.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
- TJmes and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent
Sun/ Moon and Tide.
W. II. STANDLET.
Lieutenant, U. S. N.. In charge,
ThA Time r>all on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day,
1. f., at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
p. m., Greenwich time.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydro^raphlc Office. U. S. M., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
May 21. 19m. -'
TO SAIL.
Wednesday, May 21.,
Elmr Umatilla,- Cousinn, Victoria and Puget
Sound rnrts. •
Stmr Santa Monica, Oleen, Eureka.
Simr r'hehalis. Thompson, Grays Harbor.
Stmr South Coast,/ Madden, Albion.
f?tmr South <^oast. ' Jaminnon. Eureka. .
Br etmr <"althneHS, Cl^gg:, Comox. ' '• f r.
Ship Jam^s Drummond, Napon. Seattle.
S«-hr Balnbrldc, Baumann. Port Blakeley.
Srhr Orfnn Spray. Sjasren, Coqullle River.
Srhr Fortuna, Olsen, Eureka.
Sfhr Mary Buhne. Dannevig, Eureka.
Schr Reueat. Wilson. Columbia River.
SPOKEN.
March 11. lat fi5 S. Ion t>9 W— Br ship Glen
p.rlcht. from Tacoma, for Que^nstown.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. May 21. 10 p m— Weather
fopjfy; wind EW. velocity 16 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE— Arrived May 20— Stmr City of
Srattle. from £kagway; etmr Santa Barbara,
llence May 10.
Sailed May TO— Stmr City of Toneka, for
SkaRway: Br .stmr Yanjr(s? t for Liverpool.
TACOUA— Arrived May 21— Stmr Farallon.
from Skarway. -.
Sailed May 21 — Stmr Queen, for Pu^et
Sound ports; Br chip Dunslaw, for Queens
town.
Arrived and sailed— Stmr City of Topeka, for
AlaFks.
PORT TO WNREND— Arrived May 21— Br
etmr Glenocle, from Ilonskong.-.
Sailed May 21— Schr W H Talbot. for Puget
Sound; U S stmr Thetis, for Alaska; bark
Louisiana, tor Pusret Sound.
SAILED.
Wednesday. Hay 21.
Stmr Umatilla. Cousin", Victoria and Port
Townsend: Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Stmr North Fork, Nelson, Eureka; The Chas
Nelson 'Co.
Stmr Stat* o f California, Thoma*. San
t>i*so; Goodall. Porkins & Co.
Kr Rtmr Caithness,' Clegsr, Comox; E Llch
tcnlx-rs.
Schr \>ita. Erratt. Nome and Golofnln; Wild
Goose Mlnlne and .Trading Co. '
CLEARED.
Wednesday, May 21.
Stmr National City, JolinsDn, 14 hours from
Fort Bragg.
Stmr Samoa. Madscn, 53 hours from San
Pedro.
Stmr South Coast, Jamleson, 42 hours from
Santa Barbara.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
On the Centennial.
Th« Flran-'f=hf|i CratonoUl. Captain C. F.
Etrsnd. will tail at B this ewTilng with a largn
Km. JIary Irvins of 70i» Vork etrcrt. X. .M.
I^ndin of 2CT) Bryant, and II. Twindo of 24S
Twelfth BtrcetJ were thrown from a. Folsom
tnret-t ci>r ywl»rday mornlncr r.nd jnjuroij more
or Ws furiously. Mrs. Irvinp. who Fustain^i
a Lrokfn kn<-^ and intprnal l"juri»-s. is at St.
[*<&*'« Hospital. <rjMTP h«»r injurips v1H <if>
ta'n h«>r for pcvoral tt.onth^. Tho. two men c-s
crix-d \\iih Fprain'd at>kl«>s. Mrs. IrvitiK was
¦hoot to slijrht from a Fo!som-strp?t carat Mls
eion nnd Eart str"^tfi when a northbound 8an
X,nUo r'.irtri'. rar ftruck tlir Folsom-Mrect car
«i«h considPiHhl* forr-.?. Mr*. Itring was
throwr- down with pr*>at vIoIppcc and Lundin
an-J I.a.udo were pitched into the street.
Thrown Frcm Street Car.
T'.ir <~ruis»> of thr whaling bark . Wanderer
has Iv?ot declared off. The whaler was yes
tcrdsy tonvrj tc liarriFon-str-H.-t wharf, whore
hr>r cargo will be transferred to the Rteamer
N>*vsboy. -which wll! take it north. Promoter
Nf Ison. whosr plan* fell through, declare that
liis crrost was the- work of a suspicious credi
tor, l.ut that far from hurting him it had
ma«V- him stronc.T an<i more popular than ever
Ch.irles D. 1-ane. ho tpa<\. v.as bfhind him
and CMrid Mf to it thnt ihoso that tried to hurt
th» •¦nfrprise got their just doserts. In spite
or hi? declaration. how»v»r. the o>al was d«>
<lpre<1 ofjF :*Ft«-rdsy morning. The Newsboy
will take tlio freight and the Wanderer will
g\» back to l:cr owner.
Wanderer Will Not Sail.
The example set by the JIatson Navi
gation Company and the Oceanic Steam
ship Company i:i proving the practicabil
ity of fue! oil for long voyages has al
ready produced results. The new vessels
cf the A-mori can-Hawaiian Steamship
Company are to be converted into oil
turners, and it is more than likely that
the Pacific Mail Company will shortly
adopt Hie up-to-date fuel on their Pan
ama liners and on their vessels running
to the Orient. The three new steamships
to be built by the Toyo Kisen Kaisha will
piobably b*> equipped with oil furnaces. In
preparing the specifications the Japanese
Company has gone very thoroughly into
tbo question of fuel oil and if the Mari
posa proves :is successful as the Enter
prise, not only will the new Japanese
liners be oil burners but the America
Maru, Hongkong Maru and Nippon
lilarn will be converted. Oil has come to
Ftay and in the opinion of progressive
•shipping men the coal burning steamship
will be in a very few years a curiosity.
' many months, are to be enlisted in
the service of King Coal's successor, fuel
oil.- They arc coing East, where they will
be converted into tank vessels. They will
lx> used in connection with other vessels
owned by the same corporation to carry
fuel oil out of New York. The collier
M'jieola is now carrying railroad ties to
Guatemala «nd other colliers are laid up
awaiting: a new occupation. The number
of vessels encaged in the coast coal trade
is steadily diminishing. The commercial
importance of coal itself is decreasing:
ami gradually giving way to the Califor
nia product, fuel oil.
THE Saginaw Steel Steamship
Company's colliers Washtenaw
and Prosreso, that have been en
;?a?e<i in the coast coal trade lor
Washington. — Canal de Haro. page 86. — Al
den Bank buoy, a H. S. second-class can. is re
ported May 1R as having gone adrift from Its
position. It will be replaced as early as prac
ticable.
By order of the Light-House Board,
W. P. DAY. Commander, U. S. X..
Light-House Inspector.
Oregon and Washington. — Columbia River,
Fhlp channel across the bar as far. as Astoria,
Oregon, pace 02. — Peacock Spit bell buoy, nun
ehaped, lattice-work body, surmounted by a
boll. <s reported May 13 as having gone adrift
frcm its position. It will be replaced as early
as practicable.
Oregon. — Coos Bay. channel across the .bar to
Empire and Marshfield. page 44. — Outer buoy,
a P. S. first-class can, heretofore reported
adrift (L,. H. B. Bulletin No. 130. par. 119),
was replaced May 10 on Its station about a
quarter of a mile outside the bar..
Notice is hereby given of the "¦* following
changes in the aids to navigation in this dis
trict, which affect the List of. Beacons and
Buoys. Pacific Coast, 1902:
Notice to Mariners.
Wheat for Europe.
The British ship Glcnalvon was cleared on
Tuesday for Queenstown for orders, with 72,580
ctls wheat, valued at ?S*.3STi and 24,000 ft lum
ber as dunnage, valued at $.165.
The schooner W. H. Talbot will load lumber
at Ballard for Sydney at 35s; chartered prior to
arrival.
The British steamer Cymbeline. which ar
rived at this port on Tuesday, will carry flour
and oats from Vancouver to Cape Town: char
tered prior to arrival by the British Govern
ment.
The British ship Talus is chartered for wheat
to South Africa at" 26s Od.
Shipping Merchants.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
The rate on the ov-jrdue German ship H. F.
Glad* was yesterday hammered down from 00
per cent to 85 per cent. This was the result
of the strong rpeculatlon in the country, where
the opinion that the vessel Is all right is
strong and held by people willing to back their
convictions with coin.
Glade's Bate Palls.
cargo for Cape Nome. She will go by way of
Seattle, where a large number of passengers
will board her. H. M. Speyer. famous .as "the
scrapping mate." Is chief ofticer of the Cen
tennial. Speyer. who is one of the best known
officers on this coast, graduated under the
critical tuition of Captain Lime, now of the
K*»nnebec He sailed with Lane for more
than twelve yesrs. both In sailing vessels and
steamships. He has the reputation of being
the only mate on the Pacific Coast with whom
a marine fireman will never quarrel.
NAGASAKI— Sailed May 19— Br bark Wyn
ford, for Royal Roads. ¦ • .
NEWCASTLE. Aus— Sailed May 21— Br ship
Port Crawford, for San Francisco.
NANAIMO— Sailed May 20— Schr W II
Smith, for St Michael.
FALMOUTH— Arrived May 20 — Br bark
Marion Fraser, hence Dec til.
Sailed May 20 — Fr bark I^a Tour d'Auvergne.
for Dublin; Fr bark Marguerite Dollfus, for
Cardtff.
HAMBURG— Sailed May IS— Fr bark Mare
chal Davout, for San Francisco.
Arrivpd May 20 — Br bark Marion Fraser,
hence Dec 31.
TENERJFFE— Arrived • May 20— Ger stmr
Nicarla, hence 'Feb 1, for Hamburg.
PANAMA— To sail May 18 — Chil stmr Pa
lene. for San Francisco.
PRAWI,E POINT— Passed May 20— I5r bark
Lord ElRin, from J>ltli, for Puffet Sound. -
A NJER-^ Passed May 20— Ger shio Flottbek,
from New York, for Yokohama and Oregon.'
HONGKONG— Arrived May 19— Br stmr
Kaisow, from Seattle.
AUCKLAND — Arrived May 21. 4 am— Stmr
Sonoma, hence May 1.
PORT SAID — Arrived May 21 — Br stmr In
dramayo. from New York, for Manila, etc.
VANCOUVER. B C — Arrived May 21 — Br
stmr Ganges, from Shanghai.
Sailed May 21— Schr Carrier Dove, for Gray:
Harbor. ' . -
FOREIGN PORTS.
EASTERN PORT.
NEW TORK— Sailed May 20— Stmr Alli
anca. for Colon. •
Sailed May 21— Schr Chan R Wilson, for San
Francisco; shin Nomla,. for Queenstown, with
115.500 bushels of wheat.
BAKDON, Or — Sailed May 21— Stmr Manda
lay. for San Franclmco.
BALLiARD— Sailed May 21— Schr Corona, for
San Pedro.
REDONDO — Arrived May 20— Schr Wempe
Brothers, from Ballard. . .
Arrived May 21— Schr W H Smith, for St
Michael.
Passed in May 21 — Stmr GlenoEle, from v ic
torla, for Seattle.
Arrived May 'Z\ — Jap stmr Shinano Maru,
from Victoria, for Seattle.
Arrived May "I — Schr Nokomis, from Port
Gamble, for Hilo. II I.
Passed Inward May 21 — Stmr Humboldt, for
Skagway, for Seattle; Jap stmr Shinano Maru.
from Yokohama, for Seattle.
Passed out May 21— Stmr City of Topeka.
from Seattle, for Skagway.
PORT HADLOCK— Arrived May 21— Stmr
Santa Barbara, hence May -16.
SAX DIEGO — Arrived May 21— Schr Bertha
Dolbeer, from Bureka.
ASTORIA — Arrived May 21 — Stmr Geonra W
Elder, hence May 18.
Sailed May IS— Stmr Aberdeen, for Sail
Francisco.
XEAH BAT— Passed out May 21— Schr Lud-
Iotv, for San Pedro; U S stmr Thetis, for
Alaska; schr Eric, for San Pedro.
Passed in May 21 — Nor stmr Tltania, hence
May 10. for Nanaimo; stmr Pleiades, hence
May 1G. for Seattle. • mlte-tra
SAN PEDRO — Arrived May 21— Schr Lucy,
from UmDQ.ua; schr Oceania Vance, from Fair
haven. "*
Sailed May 21— Stmr "W H Kruxer, for San
Francisco.
VENTURA— Arrived May 21— Barse Santa
Paula, in tow tuc Rescue, hence May 19, and
sailed for San Francisco in tow tug Rescue.
PORT GAMBLE — Sailed May 21— Schr No
komis, for Hilo.
COOS BAY— Sailed May 21— Schrs Guide and
Ivy, for San Francisco.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived May 20— Stmr
G C Llndaucr, hence May 15.
Sailed May 20 — Schr Volant, for Hueneme.
May -1 — Schr Sophie Chrlstlanson. for San
Pedro: schr R C Slade. for Santa Rosalia;
stmr Coronado, for San Francisco; stmr Grace
Dollar, for San Francisco.
EUREKA— Arrived May 21 — Stmr Eureka,
hence May 19.
Sailed May 21 — Stmr Lakme, for San Pedro;
bktn J L Ev'.ston, for Fremantle.
Sailed May 21 — Stmr Eureka, for San Fran
cisco; stmr Alliance, for Coos Bay and Port
land. '
FORT BRAGG — Arrived May 21—Stmr Co- :
quille River, hence May 20.
Sailed May 21 — Stmr Noyo, for San Fran
cisco.
PORTLAND— Arrived May 21— Stmr Des
patch, from Fairhaven.
Washtenaw and Progreso Will Be Sent East, Where They
Will Be Fitted Up for the Transportation of Liquid
Fuel — Use of Petroleum on Steamers Becomes General
COAL CARRIERS WILL BE CONVERTED
INTO TANK VESSELS FOR FUEL OIL
10
VESSELS WHICH WILL BE CON
VERTED INTO TANK STEAMERS
FOR TRANSPORTATION OF OIL.
Sun rises .4 :.V{
Sun sets 7-i«
MoonriseB (full) .........;.... ..0:00 p. m.
C Time. Time Time Time ~
£ Ft. Ft. Ft. -— Ft.
22, 5:36 — 0.2 12:44 4.4 5:07 2.911:20 5.3
23' 6:11-^.2 ; l:30 4.4 5:45 2.911:47 6.1
21 6:48—0.1 2:14 : 4.4 «:2. r i 2.9
H "U - L W ¦ H W L "W '
25 0:16 4.9 7:24 0.1 2:58 4.4 7:03 3.0
26 0:45 4.7 S:00 0.3 3:39 /f 4.4 S:04i 3.0
27 1:20 4.6 8:30 , 0.S1 4:1" 4.51 ft-.OOl 3.1
28 2:09 4.2 0:211" O.SJ 4:56 4.7 10:20 ."..2
2i) 3:15l 3.9|10:ll| 1.1| 5:35 4.0|ll:2n| 2.S
Steamer.
For.
f Sail!?.
City Seattle.'. SkaKway T & '.Way ' Ports. | May 23
Humboldt..'.. Skagway &:Way Ports. May 24
.Excelsior.'.'.".' Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. May 25
•T. S. Klmball Nome direct .:.'.. ...'..: May 23
Discovery..".. Oolofnin Bay direct.. 1 .. May 26
Uirjgb..*.... SkaKway "& Way Ports. May 27
E. Thompson. Nome & : St. .Michael... May 27
Centennial . : . Nome direct :.~ :'....:.'. . May 29
Cottage City. Skagway & Way ' Ports. May' SO
Steamer. I Destination. | Sails. I Pier.
i it
.~— — — —^— — - ii *
Mny 22. ¦ |. | .
Lalcnfc. I^os An^M^s" Ports. I 1 pmlPler 2
Acm(.!.... Sluslaw River !> pmlPIer 2
Centennial. N'ome via SpattL'.. 5 .pmlPIer.10
Pomona. .. .| Humboldt l:"0 p|Pier", f>
S5n 1'cdro. : Grays Harbor .. 10 amjpler 2
State Cal.. San DIpro & Way., ft am Pier 11
Coos Bay.. San Pedro ft Way. . 0 am Pier It
Ventura... Sydney fb, Way .Pts. 10 nm Pier 7
North Fork Jlumboldt 9 am Pier' 2
Mny 2X
riioc-nlx Mendoclno City ..; " pm Tier V.
Columbia.. I Astoria <fc Portland 11 am Pier HI
I May 24. • |
Ohio ISeattle 2 pmiPirr m
Olymplrr. . . . AVhalcom & Falrhvn ."> pmlPIer 'Z
Ncv.-s.boy. . .1 Nome .via Golofnln 4 prn'Pior 10
Kurr-ka | Humboldt I » am Pier 13
Arctic.:..-. Humboldt 112 ,m Plpr 2
<t. Dollar.. Gr.iys Harbor"..... 4 pm Pier 2
Pt. Arena.. Point Ar^na .'."..•.'. :2 pmlPier 2
' May 25., '
C Nelson.. Seattle &.Tacoma.. 10 amlPl^r 2
Santa Rosa San niepo & Way.. 0 am Pier 11
May 2G. . | ¦
Arfro Kol River Ports^ . . . 4 pmlPlrr 2
Rival AVlllapa Harbor "... 4pm|Pler-.2
Bonlta..... Newport & Way. .. 0 amlpicr 11
City Piiebla Puget Sound Port?. 11 amiPler 9
Mnndalay.. Coqullle River".... 2 pm PJer 2
¦ •..--.¦ .,'¦ ' ¦¦: Mny 27. ¦ ' ' ¦¦ *zi?f.
Arcata. .... Coos Bay & Pt. Orfd 12 m Pier 1.1
Rainier....; fVattle & Whatcom. ..".... PlerwS
Coptic.'. ... -China & Japan...'.. 1 pm PMSS
.. i ¦:, Mn>--- 28. • ¦• ¦-. '¦_¦
Coronado.. Grays Harbor. ;."..'. B pm Pier 2
City Paral. Panama -& Way. .. 12 m PMSS
G." Elder... Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 24
| Mny .11.
Alameda... Honolulu .......... 2 pm Pier 7
Qceen. . . . . ' ' Puget • Sound 1 1 Ports. 11' am Pier 0
Sequoia.... Grays Harbor ....'.] 4 pm Pier 2
Steamer.
From
>ue.
Phoenix Mendocino City ....:... May 22
Lakme Humboldt May 22
Eureka Humboldt May 22
G. Dollar Grays Harbor May 22
CityPuebla.. Puget Sound Ports ....May 22
Point Arena. . Point Arena May 22
Santa Rosa.. San Diesro & Way Ports May 22
Arctic Humboldt* May 22
Rival Wlllnpa Harbor May. 23
Victoria Oyster : Harbor May 23
Mandalay Coqullle River !May 23
Donlta Newport & "Way Ports, [May 23
Aigo . Eel River Ports | May 24
Cororado.... Grays Harbor ....|May2i
Arcata Coos Bay & Port Oxford. IMay 21
Edith Seattle ....May 25
Pomona Humboldt May 25
G. I-indauer. Grays Harbor May 25
G. AV. Klder. Portland & Astoria..... May 2,">
Pleiades Seattle May 2.!
Statr- of Cal . . Ssn Diepo & AV.iy Ports. May 28
S. Barbara... Seattle •.... May 26
Titanla. Nanalmo May 2(5
N^wburg.... Grays ' Harbor ......... May 26
Alamcda Honolulu Mav 27
Curacao. .... Mexican ¦ Ports May 27
Omen. Pneot Sound Ports '. May 27
HrquoJa Willapa Harbor May "S
Acrao . ... Siuslaw River May 28
Ncrth Fork. . Humboldt May 28
City Sydney. . Panama &¦ Way Ports. May 29
Amer. Maru.. China & Japan .\ May. 30
Columbia.... Portland & Astoria ....iMay 30
Austrilla.... Tihitl ...'. .Tunft 1
¦Uiratllla T'ligot Sound Pcrts |.Tuno 1
Hathor HnmburK & Way Ports. |.f line: 1
Serapls Seattlo |June 1
Steamer.
For.
f Sail!?.
City Seattle.'. SkaKway T & '.Way ' Ports. | May 23
Humboldt..'.. Skagway &:Way Ports. May 24
.Excelsior.'.'.".' Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. May 25
•T. S. Klmball Nome direct .:.'.. ...'..: May 23
Discovery..".. Oolofnin Bay direct.. 1 .. May 26
Uirjgb..*.... SkaKway "& Way Ports. May 27
E. Thompson. Nome & : St. .Michael... May 27
Centennial . : . Nome direct :.~ :'....:.'. . May 29
Cottage City. Skagway & Way ' Ports. May' SO
Sun rises .4 :.V{
Sun sets 7-i«
MoonriseB (full) .........;.... ..0:00 p. m.
C Time. Time Time Time ~
£ Ft. Ft. Ft. -— Ft.
22, 5:36 — 0.2 12:44 4.4 5:07 2.911:20 5.3
23' 6:11-^.2 ; l:30 4.4 5:45 2.911:47 6.1
21 6:48—0.1 2:14 : 4.4 «:2. r i 2.9
H "U - L W ¦ H W L "W '
25 0:16 4.9 7:24 0.1 2:58 4.4 7:03 3.0
26 0:45 4.7 S:00 0.3 3:39 /f 4.4 S:04i 3.0
27 1:20 4.6 8:30 , 0.S1 4:1" 4.51 ft-.OOl 3.1
28 2:09 4.2 0:211" O.SJ 4:56 4.7 10:20 ."..2
2i) 3:15l 3.9|10:ll| 1.1| 5:35 4.0|ll:2n| 2.S
Steamer. I Destination. | Sails. I Pier.
i it
.~— — — —^— — - ii *
Mny 22. ¦ |. | .
Lalcnfc. I^os An^M^s" Ports. I 1 pmlPler 2
Acm(.!.... Sluslaw River !> pmlPIer 2
Centennial. N'ome via SpattL'.. 5 .pmlPIer.10
Pomona. .. .| Humboldt l:"0 p|Pier", f>
S5n 1'cdro. : Grays Harbor .. 10 amjpler 2
State Cal.. San DIpro & Way., ft am Pier 11
Coos Bay.. San Pedro ft Way. . 0 am Pier It
Ventura... Sydney fb, Way .Pts. 10 nm Pier 7
North Fork Jlumboldt 9 am Pier' 2
Mny 2X
riioc-nlx Mendoclno City ..; " pm Tier V.
Columbia.. I Astoria <fc Portland 11 am Pier HI
I May 24. • |
Ohio ISeattle 2 pmiPirr m
Olymplrr. . . . AVhalcom & Falrhvn ."> pmlPIer 'Z
Ncv.-s.boy. . .1 Nome .via Golofnln 4 prn'Pior 10
Kurr-ka | Humboldt I » am Pier 13
Arctic.:..-. Humboldt 112 ,m Plpr 2
<t. Dollar.. Gr.iys Harbor"..... 4 pm Pier 2
Pt. Arena.. Point Ar^na .'."..•.'. :2 pmlPier 2
' May 25., '
C Nelson.. Seattle &.Tacoma.. 10 amlPl^r 2
Santa Rosa San niepo & Way.. 0 am Pier 11
May 2G. . | ¦
Arfro Kol River Ports^ . . . 4 pmlPlrr 2
Rival AVlllapa Harbor "... 4pm|Pler-.2
Bonlta..... Newport & Way. .. 0 amlpicr 11
City Piiebla Puget Sound Port?. 11 amiPler 9
Mnndalay.. Coqullle River".... 2 pm PJer 2
¦ •..--.¦ .,'¦ ' ¦¦: Mny 27. ¦ ' ' ¦¦ *zi?f.
Arcata. .... Coos Bay & Pt. Orfd 12 m Pier 1.1
Rainier....; fVattle & Whatcom. ..".... PlerwS
Coptic.'. ... -China & Japan...'.. 1 pm PMSS
.. i ¦:, Mn>--- 28. • ¦• ¦-. '¦_¦
Coronado.. Grays Harbor. ;."..'. B pm Pier 2
City Paral. Panama -& Way. .. 12 m PMSS
G." Elder... Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 24
| Mny .11.
Alameda... Honolulu .......... 2 pm Pier 7
Qceen. . . . . ' ' Puget • Sound 1 1 Ports. 11' am Pier 0
Sequoia.... Grays Harbor ....'.] 4 pm Pier 2
Steamer.
From
>ue.
Phoenix Mendocino City ....:... May 22
Lakme Humboldt May 22
Eureka Humboldt May 22
G. Dollar Grays Harbor May 22
CityPuebla.. Puget Sound Ports ....May 22
Point Arena. . Point Arena May 22
Santa Rosa.. San Diesro & Way Ports May 22
Arctic Humboldt* May 22
Rival Wlllnpa Harbor May. 23
Victoria Oyster : Harbor May 23
Mandalay Coqullle River !May 23
Donlta Newport & "Way Ports, [May 23
Aigo . Eel River Ports | May 24
Cororado.... Grays Harbor ....|May2i
Arcata Coos Bay & Port Oxford. IMay 21
Edith Seattle ....May 25
Pomona Humboldt May 25
G. I-indauer. Grays Harbor May 25
G. AV. Klder. Portland & Astoria..... May 2,">
Pleiades Seattle May 2.!
Statr- of Cal . . Ssn Diepo & AV.iy Ports. May 28
S. Barbara... Seattle •.... May 26
Titanla. Nanalmo May 2(5
N^wburg.... Grays ' Harbor ......... May 26
Alamcda Honolulu Mav 27
Curacao. .... Mexican ¦ Ports May 27
Omen. Pneot Sound Ports '. May 27
HrquoJa Willapa Harbor May "S
Acrao . ... Siuslaw River May 28
Ncrth Fork. . Humboldt May 28
City Sydney. . Panama &¦ Way Ports. May 29
Amer. Maru.. China & Japan .\ May. 30
Columbia.... Portland & Astoria ....iMay 30
Austrilla.... Tihitl ...'. .Tunft 1
¦Uiratllla T'ligot Sound Pcrts |.Tuno 1
Hathor HnmburK & Way Ports. |.f line: 1
Serapls Seattlo |June 1
TO TH F iV: " " : : '" 1 i,, "'„.». 1
.•-;;. «!¦¦ ¦".-.• — — — -, — _ — : — . — — . — _ — o
f Beginning Thursday, several prominent storekeepers will
give to the public a 6 per cent Cash Coupon with all pur-
chases, for the asking, payable in United States coin by
their brokers, in any amount, from one cent up. This is
a new move on the part of the merchants, and will con-
tinue indefinitely. The storekeepers believe the public will
; show their approval, and are willing to share their profits.
Six per cent is a good share. It is also a great big saving
to the buyer— $1000 spent in a year would save $60 by
this 6 per cent cash discount, equal to savings bank interest
of 3 per cent on $2000 of hard-earned money.
¦ is — — — - — ; ¦ o
NAMES OF THE STORES TO-MORROW
Bold EverjirhriT. In boxes Vjr. «nd 250.
Th!» plgnature is en every box of the {jennin*
. Laxative Bromo-QuinineTabieu
tli 1 remedy that cares a cold in one ttay.
(Offi&znrt,
Beechams
For Sick Headaches
try these famous Pills.
They remove the cause and
act quickly. You will feel
like a new person after tak-
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I *"*•* TO CALL SUBSCRIBERS ONLY, f*"* I
9 • •*-••¦¦¦¦•:¦¦. j. .,-"¦ -"•:.":•'•¦ " * gZ
® Every person contracting tc take The Call for six (6) months can secure a $15.00 SET OF **
I 'WfR IS! ANBS AND THFIR PFftPI F" ¦•
1 For$3.20. !
© Books will be expressed to subscribers upon receipt of $3.20. Expressage at subscriber's expense. 9
<» Cannot be bought elsewhere for less than the regular subscription price of $15. ©
2 AN INVALUABLE ADDITION TO EVEBY' LIBBABY! g
§ AN OBNAMENT TO ANY DBAWING BOOM! J
® A SOURCE OF INSTBUCTION AND ENTEBTAINMENT for old and young, yielding the de- •
'O lights of. travel without its inconveniences. . **¦- •
I THE GALL'S SPECIAL OFFER. |
§ AS SEEN WITH CAMERA AND PENCIL. |
1 MAJG^ =QENE SiEfesl?E?AlS H WHEELE R> I
© - With Special Descriptive Matter and Narratives by 5
; g J C2 »cr> xu J— \ -t±j v_> JLj J. V -A. ±ro JcLi fc> y 5
j $ The Noted Author and War Correspondent. •
® Author of "The Trbcha Telegraph," "The Curse of Lopez," "The Last of The Anguilles," and other West Indian •
O EMBRACING PERFECT PHOTOGRAPHIC AND DESCRIPTIVE REPRESENTATIONS OF THE*
«\ PEOPLE AND THE ISLANDS LATELY ACQUIRED FROM SPAIN, INCLUDING HAWAII •
S (AND/ THE PHILIPPINES: ALSO THEIR. MATERIAL RESOURCES AND PRODUC- ©
§ TiONS, HOMES OF THE PEOPLE. THEIR CUSTOMS AND GENERAL AP- $
2 PEARANCE, WITH MANY HUNDRED VIEWS OF LANDSCAPES, ? h
§ RIVERS, VALLEYS. HILLS AND MOUNTAINS, SO COM- f
® PLETE AS TO PRACTICALLY TRANSFER THE ISL- g
© ANDS AND THEIR PEOPLE TO THE ©
O . PICTURED PAGE. •
S With a special consideration of the conditions that prevailed before the declaration, of war. by Senators Proctor, 2
q Thurston, Money and numerous prominent writers and correspondents, and a comparison with condition's ai #
U Author of "Footprints of the World's History," "Heroes and Heroines of America," "America's War for Hu- S
I <jj .••:•;; manity," Etc., Etc. ¦ JL
j© .::¦ PHOTOGRAPHS BY v ' . ©
8 WALTER B. TOWNSENP, FRED. W. FOUT, GEO. E. POTTER AND OTHERS. S
•'.•¦' . COMPLETE IN; TWO QUARTO VOLUMES. ©
§ . REGULAR PRICE $15.00 PER SET. SPECIAL TO CALL READERS $3.20 PER SET. %
©Superbly illustrated with- mote than Twelve Hundred Special Photographs, Colortypes and new Colored Maps. •
© Only subscribers to Daily. Call are entitled; to these books at premium rate. All mail orders©
© must be 'accompanied by $3.20, and books' will be shipped by express, the cost of transportation to be paid by©
'• subscriber at destination. ' ¦ ¦ &
®- ¦ ' : • ¦¦••".•¦ ¦.¦¦.••.¦¦•¦ •¦¦¦¦- BMCTH ".'.'.'.'., 9
ADVERTISEMENTS.NEW TOHK. May '21. — The tone of resist
»ni?e to depression was still manifest ia to-day's
etock market, notwithstanding its dull and
'^.rrow professional character. There was not
yiJ'* assistance in the way of strength derived
A'om the coal stocks, either, which were dull
and sluggish all day until Just before the close,
v.hen prices hardened there and elsewhere in
the market. Yesterday's hopes that the activi
ties of the Civic Federation were promising for
New York Stock Market,
EASTERN MARKETS.
Traders in the oats pits were guessing to-day
as to what deal is on In that grain. Early
in the day prices advanced strongly, but
slumped with the reaction in other grains The
clone was barely steady, July %@%o higher, at
37U)@37Vic.
» Provisions were slow and showed declines in
everything on the list. Hogs were lower and
started an easier market. Some support was
met that stayed" the. decline for a time.' but on
the grain weakness the close was depressed
July pork closed 10c lower, lard 2%c down and
ribs ti®7V4c lower...
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close
Wheat, No. 2— ..
May 74% 74% 74^ 74 w
July ........ 74% 75V* 7414 . 74U
September .. 73% 74»^ 73ft 73A?
Corn. No. 2 — B<
May Cl% Cl% Cl% 61i>i
July C2& C2% 61^ C2«
September .. C0V4 00% 60ft C0%
Oats, No. 2— : /»«««,
May 42 42^4 41^ 42
July, old ... 35 i 35H 35 3514
July, new .. 30% 37Vj '36% 371?
Sept., old .. 29Vt 20% 2ft 29
Sept.. new.. 30% 30% 30% 30%
Mess Pork,' per barrel —
May ....17 05 17 05 17 00 17 00
July .-...17 10 17 1-iVa 17,07>4 17 0714
September ..17 22% 17 27}i 17 17% 17 17%
Lard, r>er 100 pounds — .
May 10 17% 10 17% 10 15 10 15
July 10 12% 10 20 . . 10 12% 10 15 j
September ..10 15 10 20 10 15 10 15
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds-
May » 70 » 70 ¦¦¦... 9 62% 0 C2%
July ........ 0 62% 9 05 . v 0 67% 0 CO
September .. » 05 . 0 07% , 0 67% A 0 co
. Cash quotations were as follows: Flour
steady: No. 3 spring: wheat. 74%c: No. 2 red'
8<>®82%c; No. 2 oats, 41%@42%c; No. 2 white!
45©45 1 / £c; No. 3 white, 44@45c; No. 2 rye, 59%
@00c; fair to choice malting barley, C9@72c-
No. 1 flax seed, $1 50; No. 1 Northwestern,
$1 77; prime timothy seed, '.$0 30; mess pork,
per bbl, $17017 05; lard, per 100 lbs, $10 7C@
10 77% ; : short ribs sides ¦ (loose), •. $9 G0©9 70;
dry salted shoulders (bcxed), 8@iS}ic; short
WANT RAILROAD TRACKS
IN THE MISSION BEMOVED
Hesidents Urge Mayor Schmitz to Im
pose Condition in Franchise
fpr Cut-Off Line.
A committee of Mission residents, con
sisting of Eugene Sullivan. T. B. Slevin,
George Center. William Watson, Georga
H. Roundey, A. B. Maguire and A. S.
L>illie, waited on Mayor Schmitz yester
day to enlist his aid in Inducing the South
ern Pacific Company to remove the tracks
in the Mission as a condition for tho
granting of a new franchise to the cor
poration for its cut-off shore line.
The committee made vigorous objection
to the continuance of the tracks In tha
Mission, which they declared to be a
nuisance. They urged the. Mayor to seo
that one of the conditions of the new
franchise be that the road be completed
within six months. The Mayor helil,
however, that one year would be a fair
.period for the road to be put In good con
dition. Mayor Schmitz promised to exert
hi? influence with the officials of tha
Southern Pacific Company with a view to
securing the abandonment of the tracks
in the Mission. _,
News in Army Cirlcles.
Major Carver Howland, Twenty-ninth
Infantry, has \ nearly recovered from a
severe illness which has confined him to
the general hospital for several week3
and is assigned to light duty at Benicia
Barracks."
Lieutenant Colonel John L. Chamber
lain, inspector of the Department of Cali
fornia, has been ordered to 'Reno, Nevada,
to make an inspection of the Nevada
State University.
Captain Milton Vaughn of the medical
corps has arrived in the city from tho
East and is assigned to duty at the Pre
sidio. ~
Makes Insanity Flea for Rothschild.
' Oscar S. Rothschild, the wayward son
of the senior 'member of the firm of
Rothschild & Ehrcnpfort, candy manu
facturers. 33 Main street, appeared before
Judge Fritz yesterday on a charge of ob
taining $30 45 from Baldocchl & Podesta.
florlcts. by means of a -worthless check.
The defendant's attorney asked for a con
tinuance till' Saturday, as it was desired
to have Rothschild examined by the In
sanity Commissioners. The continuance
was granted. ¦
One acre of sagro palm yields as much
nourishment as 163 acres of wheat
CHICAGO, May 21.— Wheat was dull 4o-day
Early there was a show of good strength on
the corn bulge and on reports of a good export
demand and purchases of ' September options
supposed - to be for the foreign account. ' The
local crowd started to bull the market and
succeeded for a time, corn sagged and the
wheat market turned very dull.- Liquidation
then set in and as the shorts had covered early
there was no demand for stuff from that quarter.
General conditions were favorable to the sell
ing side. The weather was clearing Northwest
and rains fell in the Ohio Valley. July wheat
opened V4@V4c to Vic lower- at 74%c to 74%@
74%c, advanced to 75Vfc@75Vic and slumped to
a weak close, %@%c depressed, at 74VJc.
Corn had very good early support, but could
not hold the advances that were made during
the first hour. As on yesterday the principal
bull factor was the very small run of cars. On
the advance, profit-taking and short selling
caused a relapse. July closed fairly firm. Uffl
Vic up, at C2V6@02Vic. TOW
.Tho British steamer Cymbeline will take a
lot of Flour from Vancouver to Cape Town for
the British army. >. ! >
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $3 50®
3 75. usual terms: Bakers' Extras, $3 40@3 50;
Oregon, $2 7C@3 25 per barrel for family and
$3«Fi.:j 50 for Bakers' ; -Washington Bakers',' $3<ja
3 00. 8* '- • '¦<,¦-<-* •.. /; ¦ '¦' . ,,
MILLSTUFFS — Prices In sacks : are as fol
lows, .usual • discount to, the . trade: ¦ Graham'
Flour, $3 p'er 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $3; Rye Meal,
$2 75; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal, $3 25; extra
cream do, $4;. Oat Groats, $5 25; Hominy, $4@
4 25; Buckwheat. Flour, $4 50@4 75;. Cracked
Wheat. $3 50;: Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat
Flour and Millstuffs,
, Afternoon Session — No sales.
BARLEY— The market was a fraction off
again and' weak, with no buyers of any con
cequence, and sellers making concessions. Some
very choice, bright - Feed was offered . at $1,
with no takers. Futures declined. .
Feed, 97%c@$l for No. 1 and 95@9GVic for
off grades; brewing and shipping grades. 98%c
Cf#l; Chevalier; nominal. .
- CALL. BOARD SALES. ;
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — No sales.
S«cond Session— December— 2000 ctls, 81%o;
2000, 8.1% c; 2000," 81%c; 4000, S2c.
Regular Morning Session — December — 4000
ctls, 82e; 20C0, 82V4c; 10,000. 82 %c.
. Afternoon Session — No , sales. • .
I OATS — The recent reports of liberal pur
chases In British Columbia for the British Gov
ernment ere • confirmed by the arrival, at this
port of the. British steamer Cymbellne, which
win take a cargo of Oats and Flour lrom Van
couver to Cape Town for the British army. J
The market continues quiet at previous
prices. '....•¦'¦•
Grays,* $1 37%©1 45; whites, $1 35@1 CO;
milling, $1 60@l 55; black, .$1 25@1 35; red,
$ia2%@l 45 per ctl.
CORN — The market' shows no change, one
way or the other.. The holder who controls-tne
spot stock seems Indifferent and is s apparently
confident of the future of the .market.. The
Chicago market exhibits no new: features.
LM-ge Yollow. $1 47%«>1 t>2%; small round
do. $1 50@l 55:. White, $1.60@l 62%.
¦ RYE— -9O©05c per ctl. -
BUCKWHEAT— $1 75 per ctl and nominal.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock — No sales.
Second Session — December — 14,000 ctls,
$1 12%.
Regular Morning Session — May — 2000 ctls,
$1 13>4. December— 20C0. 51 12%;
CALL BOARD SALES
Chicago was steady but inacrtve, with light
receipts and" generally favorable weather. , Th?
Government weekly report gave the weather as
favorable except "in the Red River Valley,
where It was too wet for seeding: Later on the
pit- crowd besan to buy on the unfavorable
wtather in France, and the market worked
around stronger, with St. Louis leading.
This market was dull and weak, with a frac
tional decline* on call. ¦
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $113%; milling,
?1 15@1'17% per ctl - • v
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
<A T '-.e pressure has risen slowly over the Rocky
T&untaln rr-yion and has fallen slowly over the
coast betwten Cape Mentfoclno and Cape
Blanco. No rain has fallen in California. A
thurd«retorm is reported at Salt Lake City and
light Bhotcers are falling in the northern
states. The weather U wanner over Arizona.
Utah and Nevada. In the great valleys of
California pleasant temperatures pre\-all with
light southerly winds.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hcurs, ending midnight. May 22 1902-
Northern California— Generally fair Thnr«-
Atiy; warmer; light southerly winds in the in
terior: fresh westerly winds on the ccast
Southern California — Cloudy Thursday
warmer: light •cutherly win<J» ' '
Nevada. — Cloudy; warmer Thursday
Fan Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy; warm
er Thursday; light southerly winds changing
to brisk v.esterly. "^
ALEXANDER G. McADIE,
Forecast Official.
San Franrisco data: Maximum temperature,
(i0: minimum, 4£; mean. 54.
THE COAST RECORD.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange. 60 days — $4 85%
Sterling Cables, sight — 4 88
Sterling Cables 4 89
New York Exchange, sight — 15
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 17%
SlUer. per ounce — 51%
Mexican Dollars, nominal — . 45%
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT — The, foreign markets were steady
to firm. The French markets were firm, wiih
the- weather reported unfavorable. for the crop.
Local securities were very dull and feature
' less. • There was more activity in the oil stocks,
however. Reed andT Slerlln leading, the latter
being rather lower. It is, reported that the
Peerless Oil Company has absorbed the United
Oil Company, which has been one of the largest
distributing concerns on the coast, and had
contracts amounting to 35,000 barrels per
month, running from one to eight years, at a
price above the current market. Added to
Peerless contracts there will be a demand for
90,000 barrels, which will necessitate large pur
chases of oil elsewhere.
There were renewed activity and firmness In
mining stocks, as will be seen by the list of
sales, and prices rose during the day. '
The following quotations for the United Rail
roads of San Francisco were received yester
day, from New*York by BoltOn. de Ruyter &
Co.: Common stock, $24 25® 24 75: preferred,
$59 87%@C0: 4 per cent bonds, 90 75@92; subr
scriptions, $101@101 50.
The Standard Consolidated Mining Company
of Bodie will pay a quarterly dividend of 10
cents to-day.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
WEDNESDAY, May 21—2 p. m.
„ UNITED STATES BONDS. V-
Bld-Ask. ' Bld.Ask
4s qr, reg 110%llt% <s qr cp(new)l?.6%137i4
4s qr coup.. 110^4111% 3s qr coup..l07»ilOS%
•MISCELLANEOUS EONDS.
Ala A W 5s. 91% Oc SS Co 5s. 98% 9ftM
Bay CPC 5S.108%10» Omnibus Cs.. — 130
C C G&E 5s.l05V410e Pac G Im 4s. — 100
Cal-st 5s ..119 — Pk & C H 6s — 110
C Costa 5s.. — 111 Pk & O R 6s — 125
Ed L & P 6s — — Pwl-st R Cs. — —
Fer&C H 6s. — 123 Sac F.GR 5a.l02W103
Geary-st 5s.. — F BF.& SJVBs.121
II C&S 5%slO3 — Pierra Cal 6s — 116*1
Do 6s — 99. S P of A 6s
L Ang R 58.118^119% (1900) 1131A113«
L A L Co 6s.lO3 105 ' (1910) 114% —
Do gtd 6s. — — S P of C 6s '
Do gtd 5s. — — (ldO5)Sr A.106%107%
L A & P 58.103 — (1905) Sr B. — —
Do ltm 5s.lO5 — (1906) 110 —
Mkt-st C Cs. — 130 (1912) 120% —
Do lem 58.120% — S P cf C 1st
N R of C 6s. — — c gntd 5s. — —
Do Cs ....120%121Vi Do ctmpd.109% —
N Pac C 5s. 109 H 110% SP Br Cal 63130% 140
NCR DS..114V4 — S V Wat 63. — 111
Oak Gas 5s.ll3 113% Do 4s 2dm. — 103
.Oak Trn 6s. .124%126 Do 4s 3dm.l01%102%
•.Do 1st c5s.113%114%, Stkn G&E6s.lO2 10*
Oak W G 53.103% 104%
; • WATER STOCKS. ;
Contra Costa. 75% — [Port Costa.. 63% 66
Marln Co .. 59 — I Spring Val.. 90*4 91%
. GAS AND ELECTRIC. ;
Cent L & P. 2% — Pac L Co... 47' — -
Eqt G L. Co. 3% — Sac E G&R. 37 ' 39
Mutual ..... 4 . 4% s F G & E. '44 44%
O G L & H. 63 64% S F G L Co. 5K G^
Pao G imp.: — 40% Stktn G & E 8 —
- ¦ - : .. INSURANCE. -
Firem's FndL260 : ' ,— "; (ft
• .-
Am B & T..110 — 1 First Nationl _' _:
Anglo-Cal ... — , 91%- L P & A 168%170
Bank of Cal.425 429 Mer Ex.(llq) 23
Cal Safe Dp. 121 — . S F Nationl. 140 —
. j SAVINGS BANKS.
German ...1990 — |Sav & Loan. — 00
Humboldt .. — - — Security Sav.340 390-
Mutual Sav. 84 00 — Union Trst.1830
S F. Sav U. 525 — I .
: STREET RAILROADS.
California; -.174 176%| Market ". 99%100%
Geary ......— CO '.Presidio .... 39 —
POWDER.
Giant ...... 75 70 JVlgorit ...... 3« _
: - •; • .• SUGAR. v •¦.;.".
Hana : 3 Vi — ', Kilauea .... • ' o«
Hawaiian /. — 40 Makawell .. 23U 24%
Honokaa :.: 11U-12 Onomea . . . . 24 —
Hutchlnson . 13 — Paauhau ,; .. 12% 13"Vi
Supplies of fancy Navel Oranges are limited
and offering* sell readily at high prices. Stand
ards are offering more "freely and move slowly,
fancy Seedlings, being preferred. At the auc
tion sale 2 cars were sold, as follows: . Stand
ard Navels. $1 25@1 50 for a few boxes; Medi
terranean Sweets, ?2 75 for fancy, $1 10@2 for
choice and $1@1 .75 for standard; fancv Valen
clas, $2 50@3 25; fancy St. Michaels, $2@2 70.
Lemons are Improving 1 under a fair demand
and light receipts.
STRAWBERRIES— $4@7 per chest for Long
worths and $3@4 for Malindas; crates from
Watsonvllle. ; from Florin, 50@75s.
GOOSEBERRIES— 25@35c per drawer and 2@
3c in bulk; English, 75c per drawer.
APRICOTS — From Yuma, ?2 50@3 per crate.
APPLES— $1@2 50 - per . box, according to
quality. - - . *-' • . - • -
CHERRIES— White,, 50@G0c. per drawer; in
bulk, 4@5c; Black, 75c@$l per box and drawer
and S@7c in bulk.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveK Oranges, $1@.T 50.
according to size and quality; Seedlings, $1 50
@2; Mediterranean Sweets,. *1@2 50: St. Mich
aels, $1 50©2; ValenciaS, $2 50®3 50; Malta
Blood Oranges, $1 50@2; Tangerines, in quar
ter boxes, 75cft:$l and $1 25<§>1 CO in half boxes:
Lemons, 75c@$l for common and $1 25@1 75
for good to choice and $2£?2 75 for fancy; Grape
Fruit,. 75ctfj$2; Mexican Limes, $4@4 50: Ba
nanas, $2 25@:t per bunch for New Orleans and
$1 75@2 for Hawaiian; Pineapples, $3@4 per
dozen. •
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
'\1 FRUITS— Apricots, 9@10c for Royals and 10
@13c for standard to fancy Moorparks; Evapo
rated Apples, 10@ll%c; sun dried, C©7c;
Peaches, «%@3V4c; Pears, C@9c; Plums, pitted,
5@6%<*; unpltted, 1%@2%<% Nectarines, 6%@6c
for red and 5%@0cfor white; figs, 3%@4%c
for black and 5%@Cc for white. • ¦ ,
PRUNES — 1!)01 crop are quoted as follows:
30-40S, 6Vi@03ic: 40-OOS, 0@5V4c; 50-60s, 4%@
4%c; C0-70s, 4@4V4c;.7O-S0s, »%@3%c; 80-90s,
34i;3V4c: 90-100s, 2%@2%c per lb.
RAISINS— Seeded, 3-crown, 8c; 2-crown, 6V4
<§)794c; Loose Muscatels, 6V4c for 4-crown and
5V4c for seedless; 3-crown, 6c; 2-crown, 5%c;
Seedless Sultanas, 5%c for unbleached-, and 7@
8%c for bleached. Clusters — Imperials, $3;
Dehesa.. $2 00; Fancy, , $1 50; Londo»> Layers.
$1 25@l 35. - - ;:-¦* . ' v
. NUTS— Walnuts, ; No. 1 softshell, ll%c; No.
2, 6%@7%c; No. 1 hardshell, 9c; No. 2, 7c; Al
monds, 10%@12c : for papershell, 9@}0c for soft
shell and 6@7c for hardshell; Peanuts, 5@7c for
Eastern; Brazil Nuts, 12@12%c; Filberts, 12@
12%c; Pecans," ll@13c; Cocoanuts, $3 60@5.
HONEY— Comb. ll®12c for bright and 9@llo
for light amber; .water .white extracted, . 5@
6%c; light amber extracted, 4@4%c; dark, 4c.
I BEESWAX— 27%@29c per lb.
Provisions.
The snapls out of the Western markets) and
Chicago is now as quiet and featureless as San
Francisco. -Prices show; no further -change.
> CURED MEATS— Bacon, 13c per lb for
heavy. 13%c for, light medium; 14%c for light.
15%o for ' extra " : light I and lC@17c i for sugar
cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams, -14%c; Cali
fornia Hams. ~13%@14e; Mess Beef,?- $10 - per
bbl; #xtra Mess, • $10 00@ll ;. Family, $11 50®
12;- prime ;Mess • Pork, ¦' $15@15 60; extra clear,
$23; Mess, $1&50@10j ! Dry Salt Pork, 12^4 0
Pig Pork, $25; Pigs' Feet. $4 75; Smoked Beef,
13V-@14c per lb. .< - • ' . '
\ j LARD — Tierces quoted nt 8%@8?ic per lb
for compound'and 12%cfor pure; .half-barrels,
pure, 12%c: 10-lb tins,>13V4c; 5-lb tins, 13%c;
3-lb tins, 13%c. - '•-. ~ : . •
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel, 10%c; three,
halt-barrels, 10%c;: one tierce,'. 10%o;: >two
tlerces,10V4c; five tierces, 10%c per lb. > ¦
Hides, T allow, Wool I and; Hops.
'HIDES AND SKINS-^Culls and brands sell
Offerings of Cherries were plentiful, but as
there was a steady demand for shipping, prices
were higher. Some second class stock in boxes
was sold below the appearing prices. ¦ Large
Cherries in bulk sell readily at top prices, but
poor and small stock, which is plentiful, moves
elowly.
Three drawers of Currants came in from San
Leandro, two of which sold for $1 50, and the
other, being an extra large drawer, brought
$2 50.
Receipts of Strawberries were 701 chests, and
as the fruit arrived in good condition prices
were firmer. Sixty-six crates came In and sold
at unchanged prices.
Four crates of Blackberries came In from
Loomis. Each crate contained 16 baskets and
sold at ?1 per crate. A few drawers of Rasp
berries were received and brought $1 50 per
drawer. "
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Flour, qr eks... 13, 45?| Straw, tons ... 16
Wheat, ctls 805 Leather, rolls . . 114
Barley, ctls 12.190 Hides. No 1.029
Corn, ctls 570 Pelts, bdls .... 4,43»
Beans, sks 78 Lime, bbls 455
Potatoes, sks .. 2.5W Wine, gals 84 700
Onions, sks 1.000 Tallow, ctls ..".. 267
Bran, sks .. . 1,325 Sugar, ctls .... l,95ti
Middlings, sks . 175 Quicksilver, flsk 66
Wool, .sks ..... 351 Chicory, bbls .. 28
Hay, tons 454 • .•
FOR WEDNESDAY. MAY 21
Receipts' of Produce,
LONDON, May 21.— Consols, 95 9-16; silver,
23%d ; French rehtes, lOlf 10c. Wheat cargoes
on. passage, quiet and steady; cargoes No. 1
Standard California, 30s 3d; cargoes Walla
Walla, 29s 10%d; English country markets,
firm.
LIVERPOOL, May 21.— Wheat, steady; No. 1
Standard California, (is 5%d@*s Cd; wheat in
Paris, steady: flour in Paris, steady; weather
in England, cloudy.
COTTON — Uplands, 5 l-32d.
Foreign Markets.
PORTLAND, May 21.— Wheat— Walla Walla,
C6%5; Blucstem. t!5%c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. May 21. — Wheat — Nominal; Blue
stPW, C6%c; Club, C5%c.
OREGON.
Northern Wheat Market.
NEW YORK. May 21. — The evaporated apple
market continues very firm, but with the vol
ume of business small, both for jobbing and
export account. In some instances holders of
export grades are asking even higher thaii out
side fleures quoted. State, common to good
7@OV4c; prime, 9%@10c; choice. 10V4@10%c;
fancy,. 10v4@Hc.
Prunes generally unchanged, steady and
some Jobbing demand noted for new Santa
Clara fruit, large sized fruit still Irregular and
lewer to sell. Apricots and peaches steady and
unchanged and show no feature.
PRUNES— 3?!<§CV4c.
APRICOTS— Boxed, 10%g;14c; bags, 10%@
PEACHES— Peeled, 14@lCc; unpeeltd, 0Vi@
lie.
DRIED FRUITS
WHEAT — Receipts. 44,000 bushels; spot,
Bteady; No. 2 red, S"V4c, elevator; No. 2 red,
89c. f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 Northern Duluth, 83c
f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard Manitoba, 87c, f. o. b.(
afloat. The market closed easy, net decline;
May, SO%gSO%c. closed 80%c; July closed
8C.s£e: September 78^i@79->ic, closed 7894c;
December, 80@80%c. closed SOo. '
HOPS — Quiet.
HIDES— Firm.
WOOL— Steady.
COFFEE — Spot Rio. quiet; No. 7 invoice,
7%c. Mild, quiet; Cordova. 8@ll%c.
The futures market was quiet most of the
forenoon, but became quite active later, with
the market disposed to lose the early rise under
profit selling by local longs. The close was
steady and net unchanged. Total sales,. 28,000
bags, including June, 5.05c; July, 5.15c; Sep
tember, 5.30ia5.35c; October. 5.40c; December,
5.i»5c; February. 5.70c; March, 5.80c.
SUGAR— Raw, steady; fair refining, 2%c;
centrifugal, 90-test, 3 7-lCc; molasses sugar,
2%c.
NEW YORK, May 21.— FLOUR— Receipts.
17.CS0; exports, 88S1; quiet. Winter patents, $4
@1 25; Minnesota patents, $4@4 20; do bakers,
$3 15@3 35.
SPOKANE, j May 21.— Clearings, $227,736;
balances, $30,314.
TACOMA. May 21.— Clearings, $276,014; bal
ances, $."?0.4G0._ " . , , ;
. SEATTLE. May . 21?— Clearings, ' $512,820;
balances. $126,050.
PORTLAND. May 21. — Clearings, $125,2C2;
balances, $30,108.
Northern Business.
LONDON, May 21. — The offerings at the
wool auction sales numbered 14,482 bales.
Competition was active. Americans bought
several lots of good medium crossbreds.
London Wool Sales.
WASHINGTON, May 21.— To-day's state
ment of the treasury balances In the general
fund shows: Available cash balances, ?1SU,
491,044; gold, $95,665,025.
Condition of the Treasury.
- EGGS — Ranch, 18@18%c for fancy and lGig>
17%c for fair to good; store, 15@16%c per
dozen. . .. , : \ :
BUTTER — Creamery, 20c- per pound for
fancy, 19c for firsts and ' 17@18c for sec
onds; dairy. 10@18%c; store Butter, 14@10c
per pound. '-
CHEESE— New, 8%@9%c; old, 9@llc; Young
America, 8@10c; Eastern, 13@i5c per pound.
Receipts, were 71,100 pounds and 333 tubs of
Butter, •«04 cases of Eggs. cases of East
ern Eggs, 43,250 pounds ¦ of " California Cheese
¦end pounds of Oregon Cheese.
The feeling in Butter is quite steady and
some dealers quote It firm, though prices re
main unchanged. Receipts are large, but the
packing and Alaska orders are taking care of
them all right. There Is more demand for dairy
than . creamery at the moment, , provided the
dairy is strictly fine. .
Cheese remains as previously quoted. - -
There is no actual change In Eggs, but most
dealers are quoting a weak' and well stocked
market, and San- Francisco buyers are lowering
their bids in the country. The bulk of the stock
here consists of common and inferior goods, and
fine large ranch continue In comparatively light
supply. The exchange advanced its quotations
for mixed colors, quoting 10%@17%c for ranch
and 15%@ltic for gathered.' 1
Butter, Cheese and Eggs:
NEW YORK. May 21.— Close: Money on call
steady at 2%?T4 per cent, closing bid and asked
2%®3 oer cent. . ' .
' Prime mercantile paper, 4V4@5 per cent.
Sterling exchange easy, with actual business
in' bankers' bills at $4 87% for demand and at
$4 84%@4 84^i for sixty days. Posted rates,
$4 Mi? 4 8S. Commercial bills, $4 S3%@4 84%.
Bar silver. 51 <&e. - ,
Mexican dollars, 41%c.
Government bonds weak; State bonds in
active; railroad bonds firm.
Nczv York Money Market.
Receipts of local Poultry were about 60 coops
and there was a fair demand for all kinds ex
cept very small Broilers, which were plentiful
and dull. Most of the young stock coming in at
present is small, and good large stock. If ob
tainable, would sell over quotations. One car
of Eastern was put on the market; making the
second one this week.
Hare and Rabbits sell right along . at un
changed prices. Six sacks came in yesterday.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 13@14c for Gob
blers and 14@15c for Hens; Geese, per pair
$1 25@1 50; Goslings, $1 50<gl 75; Ducks, $4@4 50
for old and $4 5O©l> for young; Hens, $4©5;
young Roosters. $0 50(38; old Roosters, $4 25®
4 50; Fryers, $3 50@4 50; Broilers, $3@3 50 for
large and $1 50@2 «for small; Pigeons, $1 75
<U'£ per dozen for old and $1 50@l 75 for Squabs.
GAME— Hare, $1 25; Rabbits, $1 50 for Cot
tontails and $1 for Brush.
Poultry and Game..
ST. JOSEPH.
ST. JOSEPH, Mo.. May 21.— CATTLE— Re
ceipts, 1400; steady; natives. $.5 35@7 35; cows
and heifers, ?1 50#0 50; veals, $3 50@6 25;
stockers and feeders, $2 25@5 35.
HOGS— Receipts, 8500; steady; light and
light mixed. $U 8o(g7 20; medium and heavy,
$7 1D@7 37%; pigs, $4©«.
SHEEP — Receipts. BOO; 10@15c lower.
CHICAGO. May 21.— The. highest price for
Texas cattlts in the history of the stockyards
was paid to-day for a car load belonging to
Chailes McFarland of Aledo, Texas. The cat
tle averaged 1255 pounds.' The price paid was
$U 85 per hundred.
CHICAGO, May 21. — CATTLi: — Receipts, 17,
000, including 800 Texans; market, steady;
good to prime steers. $7@7 (55; poor to medium,
$5 25@G 85; stockers and feeders, $2 75@5 40;
cows, $1 50@ti 25; heifers, $2 75@U 60; can
ners, $l - 50<g2 50; bulls, $2 75©6; calves, $2 50
©7; Texas ted steers, $5 50@0 85.'
HOGS — Receipts to-day, 34,000; to-morrow,
27,000; left over. 10,000; market, 5@10c lower,
closed weak; mixed and . butchers, $i$ 00@7 35;
good to choice heavy, $7 20@7 45; rough heavy,
$7@7 15; light, $0 95@7 25; bulk. $6 95@7 20.
SHEEP— Receipts. 20,000; weak and shade
lower; lambs, 10#25c lower; good to "choice
wethers, $6@(S 30; fair to choice mixed, $5 25®
0; Western sheep, $5. t»0@0 25; native lambs,
clipped, $5 25@6 90; Western lambs, clipped,
$5 25@0 t»0; top for Colorado lambs, $7 50.
CHICAGO.
Eastern Livestock Market.
NEW YORK. May 21.— The cotton market
opened firm. 2(^5 points higher. In the last
hour the whole list advanced rapidly, with
July up to 9.03c and August to 8.73c.
Nczu York Cotton Market.
. SUGAR— The Western Susar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per pound, in 100-lb
bags:' Cubes, A. Crushed and Fine Crushed.
4.60c; Powdered, 4.35c; Candy Granulated.
4.35c;-' Dry Granulated Fine, 4,25c; Dry Granu
lated Coarse, 4.25c; Fruit Granulated 4.25c;
Beet Granulated (100-lb bags ' only), none:
Confectioners' A, 4.25c; Magnolia A, 3.85c;
Extra C, 3.75c; Golden C, 3.65c; "D," 3.55c;
barrels, 10c more; half-barrels, 25c more;
boxes, 50c more; BO-lb bags, 10c more for all
kinds. Domlnos— Half-barrels, 4.75c; boxes.
Cc per lb. No order taken for less than 75
barrels or its . equivalent.
COAL. OIL— Water White Coal Oil, In bulk
13%@14c; Pearl Oil. in cases, 20c; Astral. 20c;
Star. 20c; Extra Star, 23c; Elaine, 25c; Eocene,
22o; deodorized stove Gasoline, in bulk. 16c;
in cases, 22%c; Bemine, in bulk, 14%c; in
cases, 21c; SB-degree Gasoline, in bulk, 20c; in
cases. 26%c.
TURPENTINE— 69c per gallon in cases and
G3c» in drums and iron barrels.
OIL — California Castor Oil, in cases, No. 1,
70c; pure, $1 20; Linseed Oil. in barrels, boiled,
78c; raw, 7Cc; cases, 5c more; Lucol, 68c for
boiled and C6c for raw, in barrels; Lard Oil, ex
tra winter strained, barrels, $1; cases, $1 05;
China Nut, 57%®6Sc per gallon; pure Neats
foot, in barrels, 70c; cases, 75c; Sperm, pure.
65c; Whale Oil. natural White, 40@50o per gal
lon; Fish Oil, barrels, 42%c; cases, 47%c:
Cocoanut Oil, barrels, C3%c for Ceylon and
58%o for Australian.
A circular for Australia says: "Since the
steamer Sonoma left there have been the fol
lowing arrivals of Australian coal, viz: Corun
na, 3103 tons; Mario, 2O42 tons; Paramita, 2070
tons; Crompton, 4353 tons *_total, 12,568 tons.
There are thirty-four vessels already named for
loading Australian coal for future delivery here.
These vessels have a carrying capacity of over
00,000 tons. This shows an increase of (jOOO tons
since the first of this month. It is very singu
lar that with the extremely low prices now rul
ing for colonial freights, four new names should
be added to the loading list. The last rates
named are lower than for several years past,
and the present depressed condition of the coal
market here, and for future deliverleSj gives lit
tle hope for any Improvement. Our coast col
lieries are gradually drawing off their carriers,
which is leading to a furthe.* depression in coal
freights from the north. The main cause of
the discouraging conditions now existing in the
fuel line is solely attributable to the inroads be
ing made by fuel oil, the prices for which re
main unchanged. The quantity of oil now be
ing extracted is very largely in excess of the
demand. Several large refineries In course of
construction will eventually relieve the mar
ket from a large proportion of the overplus now
being taken out. The Mario, from Newcastle,
is discharging a cargo of Dudley coal. Its ap
pearance indicates that it Will prove to be a
lirst-class household coal."
COAL — Wellington, $9 per . ton; . Southfleld
Wellington, $9; Seattle, $t! 50; Bryant, $6 50;
Roslyn, $7;- Coos Bay, $5 50; Greta; $8; Walls
end, $8 60; Co-operative Wallsend, $8 50; Cum
berland, 912 in bulk and $13 25 in sacks; Penn
sylvania Anthracite Egg, ; Welsh Anthra
cite, $14; Catinel; $11 per ton; Coke. $15 per
ton in bulk and $17 in. sacks; "Rocky Moun
tain descriptions. 98 45 per 2000 lbs and $8 50
per ton, according to brand.
BAGS — Grain Bags, June and July, '43c; San
Quentin, 5.55c; Wool Bags, 32@35c; Fleece
Twinei 7%@8c. , •
General Merchandise.
tTHE SITUATION AS REGARDED BY WALL.
STREET EYES.
The New York circular of Henry Clews says:
"The improved undertone in the stock mar-
Vr\ during the week were due entirely to
rnsler conditions in the money market, and
vould have been <?ven more. hopeful had It not
lipfn for the coal strike. Last week's strin
prncy was due to an unusual number of large
obligations maturing about the same period.
Sime calculations estimated these payments
at about $80,000,000. and though this sum was
not at any time actually withdrawn from the
niarket yet the transfer of loans and deposits
Inevitably caused the temporary lock
ing up of large sums and conse
quent stringency in call loans. At
the same time, the banks have been exercising
more discrimination in regard to collateral,
end this, too. encouraged a hardening of rates.
Very fortunately relief came in the form of a
break in sterling exchange rates, owing to lib
eral offerings of security and loan bills by for
vzen bankers. This assistance from abroad
was very timely and materially changed the
erpect of the money market. Funds are return
i:ig more freely from the interior, and the
v-.oitly bank statements should henceforth
thow rising averages. It ie noticeable that
linkers exhibit no uneasinees ever the situa
l.on, presumably because of their knowledge
concerning maturities and of their confidence
in the large borrowers who are chiefly respon
sible for the present expansion in locns. Were
the latitr feature due to the calls of a large
number of *mall borrowers the situation would
ljt.- very differtnt. It must be remembered.
1 mnever; that the present loan expansion does
1V- - . promise immediate ease in rates.
'M i>ur foreign trade returns continue to t-how
sjjeciining balance of trade. In April our ex
cess of exports was only $:i3,3OC.UtjO. against
J44,<*)0.<X!O the same tinje last year, and lor
the ten months of the fiscal year the excess of
exports was $4">o.COO.<m:o in 1902. against $384.
3<H.i,0l l U In HK-i. These ehar.ges were chiefly
<3ue to a fall In exports from $1,260,000,000 in
the first ten months of 19J1 to $1,109,000,000 In
the same period of 1002. This is a decline of
S7o.000.o00 in ten months, of which nearly $C6.
<X»0,000 were in breacistuffs. The total decline
in corn exports war $57,000,000. showing how
important a factor lact year's com damage
proved !a our foreign trade as well as In our
domestic markets, seme of which are still
flowing the effects of scarcity. At the 6ame
time, our export trade is still far ahead of or
dinary years, and it is only when comparisons
are made with the phenomenal years of 1900
and l»01 that the results are unfavorable. Our
Importations continue large, especially of semi
manufactured product* which enter as raw ma
terials into other products, showing that our
industries continue very active.
•"The future of business largely depends upon
th" crop situation, provided the monetary out
look is secure. Recent conditions have been
vr-ry favorable to the growing crops, affording
considerate fompensation for the early losses
li. •winter wheat. There Is ever}- prospect thai
high prices for corn will insure a large acreage
of that cereal, and it seems hardly likely that
the country will be again called upon to suffer
such a serious disaster from drought as It en
dured last year. With ordinary crops, there
fore, we ought to be assured of another vear
of prosperity. The iron trade Shows no indi
cations whatever of cessation in its remarkable
boom, and the most conservative authorities are
still giving estimates of production that the
most optimistic would have ridiculed three
> ears ago.
'Speculation on the Stock Exchange has been
checked by tiirht money and the coal strike.
There has bren no deep-seated fear, confining
the latter because It is not thought the miner*
have a good case. They are generally well paid
end comfortably f?ituau><3 — conditions not favor
able to a U<ng-iJrawn-out contest, especially
¦when the operators are not insisting upon un
reasonable tercrs. With the strike eliminated
a? a factor we oujjht to have a more active
mtrket. There are no *»rieus danger spots in
Fipht and prices have shown a resistance to bad
iipws that will tend to restore confidence and
mnvc interest In the market After *.he crops
a* assured and the coal strike is ended."
Weather Report.
n2Olh Meridian — Pacific Time.)
FAN FRANCISCO. ll?y 21—5 p. m.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratSMa were reported from Etations in Cali
fornia to-day:
£ ur , Pk ' 1> - 5C-r.0,Los Angeles <W?-46
Tied BIufT 74-54: Sacramento C8-42
-•Iount Tamalpais.r.5-42<San Luis Oblspo. .64-4R
!J*« 76-48 Ban Diego 62-54
Independence .... 60-40 i
The Country's Comn\crce.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks— Sales. High. Low. Clo*e.
AU-hiEon 16.400 7ft>4 78% 79
Atchison pfd 3 500 lisi<, 97Vi 9S
Baltimore & Ohio.. 2,700 1W!% 106% H^V
ISalto & Ohio pfd 95
Canadian Pacific... 82, KK) l:;.*.'^ 132*4 1S5%
• Carada Southern... 000 M% 96 9*1%
Chesapeake & Ohio 1.300 47 46% 4<1%
Chicago & Alton.. 2.SO0 W»V£ 37% 'M
Chi & Alton pfd.. 2,400 77% 77 77
Chi Ind & Louis.. S.200 76% 73>4 76
Chi I & L. pfd 1.S0O SS 88% 88
Chi & East Illinois. 500 105 163 1C4 »,£
Chi & G Western 8,200 WVi 28% 29%
Chi & G W A pfd .'. .*.. SS%
Chi & G W B pfd. R00 43% 48 48
Chicago & N W... 800 250 248 249 «4
C R I & P r-00 172% 171 172
Chi Term & Trans. 1,000 '.'1% 21 21 V 4
Chi T & T pfd.. 1,900 .-KI 38»4 38%
C C C & St Louis.. iOO 105% 105 105%
Colorado Southern. 4,900 ol % 3O',i 31%
Colo So 1st pfd 7Ui
Colo So 2d pfd 800 4*% 42% 42%
Del & Hudson.... 2,100 176 174% 175%
Del Lack & West .... .... 270
Denver & Rio G.. ;:O0 42 42 4\%
Denver & R G pfd. 200 K-% 00 89%
Erie 6,400 37% 3««£ .17«A
Erie 1st pfd V. ... MK) t;7% 07% 67=£
Erie 2d pfd 200 02 51% M%
Great Northern pfd. 500 l^Hi 184 1S5W.
Hocking Valley .. £00 M% 81% 81%
Hocking Val pfd .' 9'!%
IiUcois Central ... 1.C00 152% 152% 152%
Iowa Central 300 45% 45% 45
Icwa Central pfd. 000 fc4% 83% 8t%
Lake Eric & W... 200 66»g 66 65
Lake Erie & W pfd. ..... 125
LouH-ville & Nash. 2.100 140% 1^9% 13H&
Manhattan L. 3,000 132 Vt 131% 132
Metropolitan St Ry 300 14S% 147% 148
Mexican Central .. 300 27% 27% 27 M.
Mexican National 18%
Minn & St Louis.. 100 111% 111% 111
Ml3*eurl Pacific .. 3,300 09V4 9S% 99%
Mo Kan & Texas.. 800 25% 25% 25%
Mo Kan & Tex pfd 300 56 55* 55%
N J Centra! 1R2
N Y Central C.COO 156% 155% 15rt%
Norfolk & Western. 1,400 57 56% 57
Nor & Western pfd . 89
Ontario & Western 1.800 XiV* 32% 33%
Pennsylvania 7,800 149% 149
Reading 4.900 CJ% C2% 6314
Reading lft pfd.. 700 84 82% 83%
Reading 2d pfd... 5,100 «B% 68 * 69V4
St LouU & S F... 800 68 67% 67%
E L & S F 1st pfd 83
S J, 4 S F 2d pfd. 600 71% 71% 71%
St Louis S W 1OO 27 27 27
St Louis S W pfd. HO0 I>3 58% BR%
St Paul 14,000 103 167% 16*%
St Paul pfd 18S
Southern Pacific .. 15,400 04% G3% 64%
Southern Railway. 11,!»00 37% 36% 37 Vi
Southern Ry pfd.. 500 95 94% 94%
Texas & Pacific... 700 40% 40 Vi 4->Vi
Toledo St L & W. 100 21 21 21
Tol StL& W pfd. 200 38 V4 38 37
UnJon Pacific 30,300 1049fe 104 104%
Union Pacific Dfd.. 500 87% 87% 87%
Wabash 4,700 27 26VV 26%
Wabash pfd 2,000 43% 43% 43%
W & Lake Erie 22
W & L E 2d Dfd 34
Wisconsin Central. • 3.000 27% 26% 27%
Wis Central pfd... 2,200 48% 43 48%
Ex:>re*s Companies — ¦
Adams * 205
American 200 230 230 225
United States 114
Wells Farsro 205
Miscellaneous —
Amalgmat Copper. 77,200 70% 68% 70
Am Car & Fousdry 1,000 30% 30 30
Am Car & F prd.. 300 90 90 89%
Am Llntecd Oil 24 Vi
Am Lin Oil pfd 61
Am Smelt & Ref. . 2,700 -47% 46% 46%
Am Smelt & R pfd 1,100 96% . 96 96%
Anaconda Min Co.. 9,300 115 112% 114 "
Brooklyn Rat) Trn. 1,700 6«V4 65% Ctt
Colo Fuel A Iron.. 5.800 99% 98 98%
Consolidated Gas.. 1,600 222 221% 222
Cont Tobacco pfd 120
General Electric... 800 316% 315 315
Hocking Coal.. 200 18% 18% 18%
International Paper 200 21 V* 21 21
Intern! Pap*r % i>fd. 500 -74% 74% 74%
Internatnl Power 81
Laclede Ou 00
National Biscuit... COO 47% 47 47%
National Lead 00# 20 20 '20%
North American... 300 123 121% 121%
Pacific Coast : . . . 70
People's Gas I.SOO 102% 102 102%
Pressed Steel Car.. 1,400 44V4 44 44Vi
Pressed S Car pfd. 500 84% -.84% 84%
Pullman Pal Car 240
Republic Steel 500 17% 17% 17%
Republic Steel pfd 73%
Sugar 10.800 128% 127% 127%
Tenn Co«l & Iron.. 1,200 63% 63 fi*%
Union Bait & P Co 1514
Union B&P Co pfd 81%
U S Leather 1,400 13% 13% 13',i
U S Leather pfd... 200 84% 8:J% 84
U 8 Rubber 300 lOVi 16 VSVi
XT .S Rubber pfd r>7%
U S Steel 13.700 40% 40% 40%"
V S Steel pfd 0,500 90% 00% 90%
Western Union.... 4,000 ¦ .91% 90 91%
Am Locomotive 1,000 31H 30% 31
Am Locomotive pfd 600 »2% 92 92
K C Southern 10.200 35 33% 34%
K C South'ern prd. 2,600 61 60V4 60%
Total sales 650,800 shares.
NEW YORK CLOSING BONDS. .
U S ref 2« reg 108% L & N Unl 4s. ..10.1'!
USrtf 2i coup..l(>8% Mexican Cent 4s.. 82
U S 2a reg 107% Mex Cent 1st Inc. 32ii
U B 3s coud 107% Minn & St L 4s. .105'
U "S new 4s reg.. 136% Mo, Kans & T 4s.l01%
U S new 4s coup. 136% Mo, K & T 2ds.. 82 »i
U S old 4s reg... 110% N Y Cent lsts...lO4H
U S old 4s coup.. 110% N Y C gen 3%h..10»
U S Ba reg 105% N J Cent gen"5s.l38%
U S C> coup 105 N Pacific is 105
Atchison gen 4s.. 103% N Pacific 3s T.I
Atchison adj 4s. . 04 N & W con 4s... 102
Bait & Ohio 4s.. .102% Reading een 4s.. 100
Bait & Ohio 3%s. 90 ft L & I M con 0S.115VI
Bait & O conv 4s.lO6%!S L & S F 4s.... 99
Canada «o 2ds...l0aViJS L Swstrn lst». 07%
Cent Of Ga 5a...A0S%\S L Sw«trn 2ds.. S3%
Cent Ga 1st inc.. S5%]S A & A P 4s... 00
Ches & Ohio 4%s.l08VilSo Pacific 4s..... 95%
Chco & Alt 3%s. 84 So Railway 5s. ..122%
C, B & Q new 4s. 95% Tex & Pac lsts.,121^.
C, M&S V gen 48.115 T. S L & W 4s.. 82#
C & NW con 7s. 134 Union Pac 4a....lOG'*
C. R I & Pac 4S.112W U P coav 4s.... .107%
C,C,C&S Lgen4s.lO4% Wabash lsts>....120
Chgo Term 4s.... 83% Wabash 2ds. ; ... .110%
Colo & So 4s.... 95 Wabash deb B... 75W
D & R G 4.s 103% West Shore 4s 114%
Erie rrlor lien 4s.) 99% W & L E 4s..... 93
Erie ren 4s 87% WIs Central 4s... 93Vi
K W &. D C lsts.115% Con Tobacco 4s,. 67.
Hocking Val 4% s. Ill
There was an aggressive buying of Amal
gamated Copper at Intervals . during the day.
A further advance in the price of raw copper
here and strength In the London copper market
were supplemented by reports of' great im
provement in the trade. There were also ru
mors of a compromise of the conflict of interests
in the trade. The foreign exchange market
continued to show a yielding tendency in spite
of the falling rate of money. This afforded re
lief from the apprehension that a fail in the
money rate would lead to prompt exports of
gold. London's hopes of an early jjgace in
South Africa was an additional factor In the
strength of the market, which was quite
marked at the close of the day.
Bonds were dull but quite firm. Total sales
(rar value). $21,415,000.
United States new 4s declined %, the old 4s
and the- 3s 14, and the 2s H per cent on thu
last call to-day.
a settlement of the strike were somewhat
dashed by the aggrieved tone taken by the coal
operators toward those activities. Wall street,
however, maintains its conviction that the two
sices to the struggle are not very far apart and
both averse to a long and costly struggle. The
consequence is a constant expectation of the
announcement of a settlement. The conspicu
ous strength of Canadian Pacific -and Its affili
ated lines continued to-day and was a. notable
Influence on the whole market. The strength
of the stock was unexplained beyond floor gos
elp of the imminence of the corner and a re
vival of the reports of a strong trans-Atlantic
steamship line in the interest of the line and
to be subsidized by the Canadian Government.
Another sustaining factor was the wide ad
vances in the usually inactive stocks
and of minor railroad stocks available
for combination and absorption. The demand
for those stocks was stimulated by the plans
for taking over the Chicago. Indianapolis and
Louisville in the joint interest of the Southern
Railway and the Lou'evllle and Nashville and
the acquisition of the Ann Arbor In the interest
of the Wabash. v
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack.159%160 Pac A F A. 2»i — .
Cal Fruit As — 102% Pac C Borx.165 —
Cal Wine AS. 100% — Par Paint ... 26 —
Oceanic S Co 30 31 ~
i V Morninr Session.
v Board—
: 20 California-Street R R 175 00
.' : Street —
. 10 Alaska Packers' Assn 160 00
$4000 S V 4s bonds 13d. mtze) 101 5O
. . ¦ Afternoon Session. ;
Board— • "
55 Alaska Packers' Assn.. .'.160 00
j 120 California Wine Assn 100 50
i . o0 Giant Powder Con . . 75 W >
6 S F Gas & Electric Co.V. <4i W>
5 Spring Valley Water '. 91 (X)
$2000 Sacto Elec, Gas & Ry 5s 101 5O
• Street — • ¦ ' •
6 California Wine Assn....... ..... 100 50
PRODUCERS' OIJ.. EXCHANGE.
* Mornlnz Session.
Eoard —
50 Four .' 55
1000 Junction, b 90 25
1500 Junction 23
100 Kern 5 12%.
300 Kern, b 30 6 12Va
2100 Occidental of West Virginia 20
3000 Reed Crude 3::
4000 Reed Crude, b 30 33
913 Reed Crude, b 30 S{" . '
50 San Joaquin Oil & Dev 8 12"->
3700 Sterling l 85
200 Sterling, b 30 1 87%
' 200 Twenty-eight 1 35
Afternoon Session.
Board —
400 Four r 55
250 Junction 'Zi
1750 Junction 2*
1000 Junction, b 90 .' 25
50 Monte Cristo '. i -j,~ l \
1000 Oil City Petroleum 18
200 Oil City Petroleum 17
1000 Reed Crude 3:;
100 San Joaquin Oil & Dev 8 12VJ
;1CO San Joaquin Oil & Dev 8 37%
200 Sterling i 87%
MINING STOCKS.
The following were the sales on the San
Francisco" Stock and Exchange Board yester
day:
Morning Session.
700 Best &B... IS 100 Mexican ... 5t
.00 Best & B... 19 lOU Mexican ... B2
1OO Caledonia .- 75 700 Mexican ... Ki
1100 Caledonia .. 82 100 Occidental . ' 19
10O Chollar 16 20O Ophir 1 30
100 C C & Va..l 45 500 Overman .. 23
1(50 Gould & C. 12 500 Potosi 30
200 Hale & Nor. 23
Afternoon Session.
2000 Belcher 07 900 Mexican ... TO
200 Best & B.. 23' 200 Mexican ... 7R
100 Caledonia .. 83 200 Ophlr 1 45
100 Caledonia . . 81 20O Overman . . 27
400 Chollar .... 17 400 Potosi ..... 32
400 C C & Va..l 53 100 Savage 13
200 C C & Va..l 50 .200 Savage 14
200 Gould & C. . 14 100 Sierra Nev. 25
800 Justice .... 04 300 Sierra Nev. 2tt
.200 Mexican ... 67 100 Silver Hill.. 42
The following were the sales on the PaclQo
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
500 Andes 02 200 Mexican ... 56
200 Best & B.. 22 200 Mexican ... 58
100 Caledonia ..71 100 Mexican ... 60
200 Caledonia .. 80 200 Mexican ... 64
200 Caledonia .. 81 200 Mexican ... 65
200 Caledonia . . 87 COO Occidental . 20
500 Caledonia .. 84 100 Ophlr 1 27*i
400 C C & Va..l 47% 100 Ophlr ...... 1 37%
200 C C & Va..l 50 200 Overman .. 25
200 Gould & C. . 12 200 Overman . . 26
200 Gould & C. 13 15J0 Potosi 30
200 Mexican ... 53 200 Potosi 31
200 Mexican ... 55 200 Sierra Nev. 22
50 Mexican ... 61 300 Union Con.. 27
300 Mexican ... 62 300 Union Con.. 29
Afternoon Session.
,1000 Belcher .... 08 200 Mexican . .i 74
600 Best & B.. 2:1 200 Ophtr rl 42%,
200 Chollar ..,. 17 600 Ophir 1 45
100 C C & Va..l 50 200 Ophir 1 40
1200 C C & Va.152% 200 Ophir 137%
5C0 Gould & C. . IS 500 Overman . . 28
100 Mexican ... 65 • 500 Savage .... 14
600 Mexican ... 64 200 Silver Hill .. 43
50 Mexican ... 63 1200 Union Con .. 30
600 Mexican ... 71 700 Union Con. . 29
300 Mexican ... 73 200 Union Con.. 27
500 Mexican ... 70
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY. May 21—2 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bld.AsK.
Alpha ... 02 03 Justice 04 05
Alta. - 02 05 Kentuck 01 02
Andes 02 03! Lady Wash... — 04
Belcher ...... 06 OS Mexican 67 68
Best & Belch. 22 23 Occidental ... 2O 21
Bullion 02 CS.Ophlr 135 145
Caledonia .... 82 - 83 Overman .... 28 -27
Challenge Con 17 19 Potosi 32 ..'•.:
Chollar ...-.'.. 17 Is Savage 13 14
Confidence ... 62 65 Scorpion '— 04
Con Cal & V.I 45 1 50 Seg Belcher.. 03 04
Con Imperial. — 02 Sierra Nev... 25 25
Con N York.. 01 02 Silver Hill... 41 42
Crown Point.. 06 08 St Louis 05 —
Eureka Con.. 18 — Syndicate.... — OT
Kxchequer ... 01 02 Union Con.... 28 2»
Gould & C... 13 14 Utah 01 (M
Hale & Nor.. 25 26 Yellow Jacket 21 22
Julia — 01
ONIONS — Australian, $3 50®3 75, second
hands; new red, 40@ti5c per sack; Silverskins,
50060c per box." • . . ' .
VEGETABLES — Asparagus, : extra fancy,
$2@2 25 per box. $1 50@l»75 for No. 1 and $1@
1 25 for No. 2: Rhubarb. 35@75c per box; extra
fancy. ' 85c@$l ; Green Peas. 75c#$l per sack;
Garden Peas. $1 25 per sack; String Beans
from Los Ang»les. 5@7c per-Jb; from Vacavilla,
6@7c and 8c for- Wax; Cabbage, 75@00c per ctl;
Los Angeles Tomatoes,. $2 per crate; Mexican
Tcmatoes, .per box; Dried Peppers. --10@llc
per lb: Los Angeles do, 13@17%c; Carrots, $1
per Back; Hothouse Cucumbers, 40@75c . per
dozen for small and $1@1 25. for large; Garlic,
2@«1o: Los Angeles Green Peppers, 12 %c; Mexi
can do, 12%Jil5c;" Etrg Plant, from. Los Ange
las. 6(g!l0c; Summer Squash, from Los Angeles,
$125; from Marysville, ¦ 75c@$l; Marrowfat
Squash. $15@20 per ton; Hubbard Squash. $15
@20. ' • .
POTATOES— New Potatoes, $1 75@2 25,
with oome fancy higher; old. $1 25@1 .50 for
Burbanks from the river; from Oregon and
Washington. 40@l 65; River Reds,. $1 30$
1 60; Oregon Burbanks. for 3 seed, $1@1 30;
Sweets, jobbing at $2 25.
Receipts of Asparagus • continued light, but
as the demand was slow, prices were shaded.
Peas were lower under heavier receipts. Other
vegetables were plentiful and moved off well
at thu quotations. Cucumbers from Marysvllle
scld promptly at $3@3 50 per box. - •
¦ New Potatoes were easier' and prices had a
wider rango. Over 2000 packages were re
ceived and there was considerable stock unsold
at the close of business. Old continued dull at
easy prices.
The 'quotations on Onions were unchanged,
although Australians moved very slowly.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
NEW YORK, May . 21.— This was another
attractive day in copper at the Metal Exchange.
The sales amounted to 250,000 pounds.-lnclud
ing 100,000 pound3 ltlke for August 'delivery at
$12 37% and 150,000 pounds electrolytic in
equal lots for June, July and August delivery
at $12-32y>. This, together with an advance
of 5s in the Ixjndon market.- caused an im
provement of about 18c here. Thus lake closed
at $12 37%(f?12 62%; electrolytic at $12 30@
12 o5, casting at $12 15ig 1 12 35. and standard
for spot to August delivery at $11 85@12.
London closed at £55 for spot and futures.
Tin was easier here at $30@30 50," and London
was 15c lower, with spot at £126 5s and fu
tures at £132 5s. Lead ruled steady here and
unchanged at $4 12%, while London stood at
£11 il2s tid. Spelter was unchanged at Lon
don.-Lclosing at £18 10s, whereas the New
York* market was higher at $4 55@4 60. Ldcal
iron prices were steady, with warrants nom
inal; No. 1 foundry, northern. $19 50@20 50:
No. 2 foundry, northern. $19 50@20 50; No. 1
foundry, southern, $18 50©19 50; No. 1 foun
dry, southern, soft. $18 50@19 50. The foreign
iron markets were about steady. Glasgow
closed at 53s lOd and Middlesborough at 49s.'
New York Metal Market.
about '. 1 %c -¦ under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, lie: medium. 10c; light. 9c; Cow Hides.
9%c for heavy and 9c for light; Stags, 7c;
Salted Kip, 9c: Salted Veal. 9%c; Salted Calf,
10c; Dry Hides, 15@16%c; Culls, 14@15c: Dry
Kip, ll@13c; Dry Calf. 16@18c: Culls and
Brands, 15@16c; Sheepskins, shearlings, L 20@
30c each; short Wool, 40@60c each; medium,
65@75c; long Wool, 80c@$l 20 . each; Horse
Hides, salt, $3 for large and $2 50 for me
dium, $1 50@2 for small and 50c for Colts;
Horse Hides, dry, $1 75 for large. $1 50 for
medium, $1@1 25 for small and 50c for Colts.
Buck Skins — Dry Mexican, 32 %c; dry " salted
Mexican. 25c; dry Central American. -32%c.
Goat Skins — Prime Angoras, 75e; large and
smooth, 50c; medium, 35c.
TALLOW — No. 1' rendered, 8%@6c per lb;
No. 2. 4%@5c: grease, 2%@3%c.
WOOL— Spring. Northern free. 14@16c; do.
defective. 13@14C; Middle County free, 13@15c;
do. defective, 12@13c; Southern, 12 months, 0®
10c: do, 7 months, 9@llc; Foothill, ll@13c;
Nevada. 12@15c' per lb. T
HOPS— 12c for fair and 13@14c per lb for
good to choice. . . - \ •
San Francisco Meat Market.
There ie nothing new to report.
. DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF — 6%@7%c for Steers and 6@6%c per
lb for Cows.
VEAL — Large. 7@8c;. small. 8@3c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7%@8%c; Ewes, 7%3
8c per lb.
LAMB — Spring Lambs, 9@10c per lb.
PORK — Dressed Hogs, 7%@9%c per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
¦ The following quotations are for good sound
livestock delivered at < San Francisco, less 50
per cent shrinkage for cattle;
CATTLE — Steers, 8%@9c; Cbws and Heifers,
7@7%c; thin Cows. 4@5c per lb.
CALVES— 5@5%c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP — Wethers, 4@4%<J; Ewes, 3@3%c per
lb (gross weight).
LAMBS— Suckling Lambs, $2 5O@2 75 per
head or 4%@5c per lb live weight; yearlings, 4
(3;-iy<c per lb.
HOGS — Live Hcgs. 200 lbs and under, 6%c,
200- lbs and over, 6®6%c; feeders, 6@6Vtc;
sows 20 per , cent off. boars 50 per cent off,
and stags 40 per cent off from the above quo
1 tations. • .
LIVERPOOL. . .
Wheat— • May. July. Sept.
Opening 6 1% « 1% 6 3%
Closing 0 1% .61%. « 3%
. PARIS.
Wheat — May. . Sept.
Opening 22 25 20 70
Closing 22 20 20 (55
Flour —
Opening 26 00 20 75
Closing 26 «0 20 05
Local stocks dull. Oil and mining stocks more active.
Silver a fraction higher. Exthange unchanged.
Wheat dull. Barley lower and neglected.
Oats, Corn and Rye continue quiet.
Hay, Bran and Middlings firm and unchanged.
Beans and Seeds dull.
Butler, Cheese and Eggs as previously quoted.
Xo further variation in Dried Fruits.
Proz'isions dull and featureless in all positions.
Quotations for live and dressed Meats unaltered.
Spot Coal market not in very good shape for sellers.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables weak.
Poultry and Game in very fair demand.
Fruit market in firmer tone. Currants appeared.
Foreign Futures.
Americans were dull, but sympathetically
strong. Union Pacific was good and Canadian
Pacific blazing on New York and Montreal
buyinr. Rio Tintos sold at 45% and copper
at £55 per ton.
The markets are still waiting for peace, but
the tone is firm. Houses with South African
connections are buying Kaffirs and consols, the
latter being Me. up to 05c. I
NEW YORK, May 21. — The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
London Market.
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
Con for money.... 05 Va N Y Central 160
Con for account.95 U-lti'Norfolk & West. 58!&
Anaconda ....... 5% | Do pfd 92
Atchison 81 .Ontario & West.. 34
Do pfd 100% 'Pennsylvania .... 7(iVi
Bait & Ohio . ... 109 Vi ' Reading ... 32V4
Canadian Pacific. 138 j Do 1st pfd .... 42Vi
Chesa & Ohio 48 Do 2d Pfd S5'A
Thicago G W 29% 'Southern Ry ..... 3S14
• 'hi Mil & St P.. 173 I DO pfd 07%
Denver & Rio G.. 4;i% Southern Pacific. 66%
Do pfd 02%,Union Pacific 1O7V4
Erie 3S j Do pfd '.... 00%
Do 1st pfd GflVi U S Steel 41%
Do 2d pfd ..... 54% Do pfd 01
Illinois Central ..156 Wabash 26 : ii
Louis & Nash.... 14* Do pfd 4»%
II K & Texas 26% Spanish 4s 78-ft
'Do pfd, 60 '
Bar sllve'r. steady. 23%d per ounce. Money,
2.372% per cent. The rate of discount in 4 the
open . market for short bills is 2% Per cent.
The rate of discount in the open market for
three faonths' bills is 2% per cent.
Do pfd US 'anta Fe Copper.. 2%
Amer Te! ft Tel. 178 JJ Vamarack 170
Dom Iron & Steel. 57 Trinity i:t!4
Mass Electric .... 45'/h Utah 22%
Do pfd 08 >A Victoria i 4%
N E Gas & Coke. 4 Winona . 3%
United Frulf 100 U Wolverine 55
U S Steel 40<4 IJnited Copper 35%
Do pfd 5)0% I
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS. W-
Adams Con 20. Little Chief 11
Alice 15'Ontario 7 50
Greece CO Ophlr 1 15
Brunswick Con 10 Phoenix 00
Comstoc-k Tunnel.. 05 y. Potosi 25
Con Cal &' Va....l jJ8|s« a vage ....% 10
JJeadwood Terra.. 1 ou; sierra Nevada IS
Horn Silver 1 40 Small Hopes 40
} ro " s 'i v * r 72 Standard S 35
Leadvllle Con t'5| -\
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— ,Westlnghse com.. 103
Call loans 5G0 Minlnz—
lime loans 4&5 Adventure 23%
Bonds — . lAllouez 3y*
Atchispn 4s 102 (Amalgamated ...70Jfe
lias lssts l»4% Daly West ... 4i
Mexican Cen' 4s.; . SI .Bingham 3714
N K Gas & Coke. 5j«,i'i.alumet & Hecla.500
Railroads — [Centennial ... ... 20
Atchison 7S% Copper Range ... OS'A
Do ptd »7?4 Dominion Coal ..130 !
Boston &. Albany. 261 iFranklin' 103 Vi'
Boston & Maine. l'JS Isle Royale ..'.... 13
Boston Elevated.. 163 Mohawk 40%
Kitchburg pfd ...U5" )>ld Dominion ... 20
Mexican Centrar. . 27 Vi Osceola 00%
Miscellaneous — i Parrot 27 %
American Sugar. .327;J l i}uincy • 127
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
, Beans and Seeds.
The situation remains unchanged. The mar
ket is quiet.
BEANS— Bayos, $3@3 10; small White, $2 40
@2 50; large White, $2 3002 40;. Pea. $3 25@
3 50; Pink. $2 05@2 15; Red. $2 50; Blackeye,
$4 90@5; Limas. $3 05@3 75; Red Kidneys,
$3 00@3 75 per ctl. ¦
REEDS — Trieste . Mustards $2 50@2 65; Tel
low Mustard, $3 25@3 50; Flax, $2 25@2 50;
Canary, S%c for Eastern; Alfalfa from Utah,
10»i@ll%c; California, 10@10%c; Rape. l%t&
2%c; Hemp. o%c per lb.
DRIED PEAS — Niles, $1 60@2; Green. $1 CO
(§2; Blackeye, nominal.
All descriptions remained unchanged. Every
thing was firm, even Hay. % " J.
BRAN— $18019 per ton. '
MIDDLINGS-^-$21@23 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $21@22 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the Mill. $25@26; job
bing, $20 50@27; Cocoanut Cake, $20@21; Cora
Meal, $31@32; Craclted- Corn, $31 oO@32 50;
Mixed Feed, $16@17; Cottonseed Meal, $26 50.
HAY — Extra fine Wheat, $12; fair to choice
do. $9 50011 50; Wheat and Oat; $9@11 50;
Oat. $S@lu 50; Alfalfa, $7@11 ; Clover. $7@9;
Volunteer, $ti EO(?iS 50; Stock, "$6@8 per ton.
STRAW—40@65c per bale. - "
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Clear sides (boxed). $10, 20(gl0 30:- whisky, basis
of high wines, $1 30; clover," contract grade,
?S 35. . .. . . . ••• ! .' ¦ ¦, v .¦ ¦" ¦ ¦ ¦ - ; .;
Articles — Receipts. ¦> ; Shipments.
Flour, barrels 24,000 17,000 »
Wheiat. bushels 51,000 111,000
Corn, bushels 83,000; 212,000
Oats, bushels :. 242, 000 171.000 .
Rye, bushels 1,000. . ¦. ; 13,000
Barley, bushels 40,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was' firm: creameries, 18@22c; dairies,
17@19c. Cheese, weak, 11%@12%c. Egg8,
steady, fresh, 14-}lc.
Flour, $3 26- Rolled Oats (barrels). $7 S5@0; In
sacks, $0 85@8 50; Pearl - Barley, $5 50:, Split
Peas, $5,50: Green Peas, $(J 50 per 100 lbs.
THE SAN FRANCISCO £ CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 22, 1902^
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL
STOCK MARKET.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Chicago Grain and Produce.
11
Nczu York Grain and Produce.
STATIONS.
» K 2 O
f il SI *f
, 8 Up l§
: ? ? :
; a
toria
leer ..>
rsnn ......
r»- ka
=*no .......
*r*ta.ff . . . . .
.29.S4 «0 48 F\V «
.23.R8' f.2 40 Ktf.
..29.82 &« 40 N\V
.30.00 5fi CO Xff I
.29.R6 76 48 W
.29. (SO 56 24 SW
Cloudy T.
Cloudy .03
Pt Cldy .00
Clear .00
Pt Cldy .00
Clear .00
aitello. Ida,
lejwndence
5 AngeJes..
r»r-nix
-tland
i Bluff
t-f-burg .
•ramento . .
t T>ake
1 Francisco.
L Obispo..
i Diego . . .
iUIp
.kane
ah Bay
Llla Walla,
r.nercucca .
ma
1.23.90 B4 30 S
.29.70 06 36 B
.23.94 CG 46 feW I
.29.74 82 48 SW i
.29. «$ f>S 48 BE »
.29. W? 74 64 SW I
.28.9fi «4 4« IV <
.2!».oo *;x 4« s <
.29.^6 CO 44 ICTV
J29.9C CO 48 SW '
.rjo.oo «4 r.6 w <
.23.94 02 r.4 SW <
.29.94 02 W> B <
.29.92 S2 46 SW !
.28. S« 5S 4<J \V t
.29.90 <tO 4^ SW '
.29. 8G f.8 36 \V <
.29.78 HO SO W I
Cloudy .08
Pt Cldy .00
Clear .00
Clear .00
Cloudy T.
Clear .00
Cloudy .04
Cloudy .00
Pt Cldy .06
Cloudy .00
Clear .CO
Clear .CO
Cloudy T.
Rain .21
Cloudy .00
Cloudy .50
Cloudy .01
Cl<>ar .00
STATIONS.
» K 2 O
f il SI *f
, 8 Up l§
: ? ? :
; a
toria
leer ..>
rsnn ......
r»- ka
=*no .......
*r*ta.ff . . . . .
.29.S4 «0 48 F\V «
.23.R8' f.2 40 Ktf.
..29.82 &« 40 N\V
.30.00 5fi CO Xff I
.29.R6 76 48 W
.29. (SO 56 24 SW
Cloudy T.
Cloudy .03
Pt Cldy .00
Clear .00
Pt Cldy .00
Clear .00
aitello. Ida,
lejwndence
5 AngeJes..
r»r-nix
-tland
i Bluff
t-f-burg .
•ramento . .
t T>ake
1 Francisco.
L Obispo..
i Diego . . .
iUIp
.kane
ah Bay
Llla Walla,
r.nercucca .
ma
1.23.90 B4 30 S
.29.70 06 36 B
.23.94 CG 46 feW I
.29.74 82 48 SW i
.29. «$ f>S 48 BE »
.29. W? 74 64 SW I
.28.9fi «4 4« IV <
.2!».oo *;x 4« s <
.29.^6 CO 44 ICTV
J29.9C CO 48 SW '
.rjo.oo «4 r.6 w <
.23.94 02 r.4 SW <
.29.94 02 W> B <
.29.92 S2 46 SW !
.28. S« 5S 4<J \V t
.29.90 <tO 4^ SW '
.29. 8G f.8 36 \V <
.29.78 HO SO W I
Cloudy .08
Pt Cldy .00
Clear .00
Clear .00
Cloudy T.
Clear .00
Cloudy .04
Cloudy .00
Pt Cldy .06
Cloudy .00
Clear .CO
Clear .CO
Cloudy T.
Rain .21
Cloudy .00
Cloudy .50
Cloudy .01
Cl<>ar .00
AUCTION SALES
Jfci& £tft Jfcgi
AUCTION SALE
of V
150 Head Of BROKE HORSES,
' Suitable, for "Milk Wagons, Ex-
press, Bakery and General
All Purposes. Matched Spans
weighing from 950 to 1200.
This lot of horses is the FINAL of the GER-
MAN GOVERNMENT horses and MUST HE
SOLD, so as to be able to close th«s business.
To be aold on THURSDAY and FRIDAY.
May 22 and 23, 1002, at 11 a. m. at aalesyard.
1732 Market street, corner Van Mess avenue.
W. H. HORD.
. Livestock Auctioneer.
AUCTION SALE
£^> / £*>
NEXT TUESDAY. MAY 27TH. AT 11 A. M..
1 Will Sell
FORTY FINE HORSES,
Weighing from 1000 to 1300. sired by Almon-
ition 2:24V*. Bay Rose 2:20% and Alonzo Hay-
ward, out of choice Trotting mares. They were
bred at the Alisal Ranch. Santa Barbara, and
include many fine drivers. Also Carriages.
Buggies and Three-Seaters. Send for catalogue.
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE.
WM. O. LAYNG. Auctioneer. 24tf Third wt.THE SAN FEANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 22, ;1902.
12
j"" HOUSES TO^LE1\
! A — PRINTED list houses to let; s-er.il for cir-
: cular. G. H. UM BSKN & CO.. 14 runtgomery.
; COTTAGE, six rooms; 0 Ewer place, off
I Mason, between Clay and Sacramento. Ap-
I Ply 10 Ewer place.
HOUSES TO LET— FtnNIgHKP. S
1 ONE year or longer — Fine residence. 12 rooms.
» bath, etc.; completely furnished: will sell at a
I sacriflce: large garden; pleasant surrounii-
i ings; reasonable to* responsible parties; Mis-
sion warm belt. 120 Liberty st., near Twen-
ty-first ' .
HOrSES^WANTElX
WANTED — Suitable tenant for a nicely fur-
nished house cf eight rccra :"oi" six months.
Inquire 2824 Pins St., at prerriaes.
IN VEST ME NTS.
SPLENDID investment— Point Richmond land;
great bargain; small tract, heart of town,
suitable to cut into lots. THE INVESTORS
AGENCY. 137 Montgomery St.. S. F.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST— Gent's sold watch, at or near Thomp-
son's Villa. Leona Heights. Sunday, May IS.
Return to F. BRAY. 543 Market St., and ra-
celve reward.
LOST — A solitaire diamond gent's scarf pin.
Return office Palace Hotel ; receive liberal
reward
IT will pay to "Remember" that the California
Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter St.. needs old gold
and sliver to make new watch cases.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS.
TO order; also cleaned and sterilized; uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS., 411 to 413 Powell
8t. ; tel. Bush 421.
Brass, iron beds; mattressen; pillows:- win io^
shades. J F. Hotter. 721 Mission :tel.Mara~T3|Cg~
_^ MEDICAL.
A— DR. O'DONNELL. world-renowned special^
1st. — Ladies, all who are sick or In trouble.
consult the specialist on female complaints;
menstrual female complaints positively cor-*
rected; the unfortunate helped; relief in alt ¦
cases taken; the most difficult cases treated;
have relieved thousands of most obstinate
cases; free, confidential advice on all subects
of a delicate nature. DR. G. W. O'DON-
NELL. office & residence. 1013 Mkt. op. Sth.
MRS. D. KOHL— Well-known, reliable ladles'
specialist; instant relief guaranteed; home la
confinement ; hours 9 to 5 and 7 to 8
1CCS% Market st, opp. Sth and nr. Powell.
MRS. D. WYETH— Well-known ladles' special-
ist: 30 years" experience; private home In
confinement. Moved to 723 Post st. nr. Jones.
MRS. SWEET, 606 Guerrero, nr. ISth, a grad-
uate of Royal University, Berlin, has 25 yrs.*
experience in midwifery cases, takes ladles be-
fore and during confinement: best motherly
care; Infants adopted; confinements, $15; rm.
Jtboard $5 week; all who are sick or In troubl*
consult me before going elsew're. TeLBlue411-
MRS. DR. GOODWIN, ladles' reliable special-
ist; maternity hospital; home for Infants free;
fee low. 906 Market st, opp. Emporium.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 11 IS Market— Reliable ladles'
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
DR. ROSEN. 1007% Market st. near SlxtliJ
trea ts ladles only; relief In all casea taken.
LADIES — "Neverfale." Pasteur's celebrated
regulator, $2. Pasteur Med. Co.. 8 Flood bldg.
DR. AND MRS. DA VIES and HINDOHERB
original method of treatment 1126 Market.
LADIES — Kurarond Is safe & sure; never falls;
price $2. Gleason's drug store.Clay & Keamy. y
DR. NG TOY KEE. 210 Stockton at.. oppoeltJp"
Union Square: all diseases cured by herb*. A
MINES A^P_*f"»^^
PARTY having under bond -seven rich placer
' claims and water rights In Trinity County
will give controlling Interest In the «am«
for $5000. to perfect title. Particulars,
, TOMLINSON & CO.. 105 Ellis St.
MISCELLAAEOtS— FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont it
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pines, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st
BAR fixtures: bis stock: installments; billiard
and pool tables: easy terms or rented. Tha
. Brunswick-Balke-Collender Co., 652 Mission.
SEALSKIN, highest grade, same as new, cost
$250, will sell if taken at once for $100 cash;
bust 38. Box 1728. Call office.
NEW and 2d-hand boilers, engines, dynamo*.
- motors, pumps, wood and Iron working ma-
chlnery. H. S. WHITE, 130 Beale at.
LOTS of hard old bricks on hill; Waller and
Buchanan; $5 50 per M.
BARGAIN — 2 good bicycles, high gear: also
rooming-house, 6 rms., all rented. S74 Howard.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters <all
makes). ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montg'y.
ENGINES, boilers, lathes, planers, second-hand
machinery. J. BURKE. 139 Beale st
EOATS.- launches, rowboats carried la stock.
BAKER', & HAMILTON.
Edison phonographs, records, supplies, movins
picture machines, films. Baclgalupi. 933 Mkt.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2d-hand
and launches. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st.
SAFES — New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento at
FOR second-hand machtnery.englnes and boilers
go to D.J.McMasters.SE.cor.2nd & Brannan.
1ST-CLASS 2d-hand modern engines & boilers
bought, sold. Krojth Mfg Co.. 51» Market sU
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pieff
tures. BULLARD ft BP.ECK. 131 Po»t «&
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
BIG prices paid for sealskin coats; also gents*
full dress and Tuxedo suits. Portland Loan
Office. 25. Stockton st ; phone Bush 434.
. — ¦
I WILL, pay good cash prices for old sealskins;
send postal; will call. Box 4960. Call of fie*.
HIGHEST prices paid for diamonds and seal-
skins; will call; confidential. Box 468. Call.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th st. : tel. Jessie 2S31.
Wanted — 2d-hand electric motors, all sizes, any
condition. FarnsworthElectrlcalWTcs..41STurk.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we have just completed our new ware-
rooms and hall, for ONE WEEK we will
offer unheard-of bargains In all grades o£
pianos. If you are looking for a high-grada
piano, come; If not, come and bring your
friends and spend an hour with us in tha
most beautiful warerooms on "the Paciflo
Coast. Every piano a bargain this week.
Among them we will offer:
1 Miller $33
3 Weber ..: C5
2 Knabe ....". 85
1 Haynes 155
4 Steinwaya $110 to 2.*55
2 Steck $100 and 150
3 Fischer $05 to 135
Also special prices on the Matchless Heine.
Every piano fully guaranteed. Easy pay-
ments If desired. 200 pianos to select from.
HEINE PIANO CO.. Heine Hall. 235-23*
Geary st.
ALTHOUGH many seemingly advantageous
prepositions are offered In the way of prices
and terms upon pianos, please bear In mind
that we can not only duplicate them, but cao
offer exceptionally fine pianos and largest
arsortment cf best makes to choose from.
FKERMAN. CLAY & CO.. Steinway dealer*,
cor Kearny and Sutter^ «ts., S. F.; Broad-
way and Thirteenth sta. Oakland. .". j-^ti.
ATTENTION. BARGAIN-HTTNTERS! *
Second-hand uptight pianos from 530 up.
Second-hand square plano3 from $30 up.
Second-hand organs from $25 up; new up-
right riano3 from $175 up. BENJ. CURTA3S
& SON. 1C to 20 O'Farrell st; Chickerlr >^,
Mason & Hamlin. Vose. Sterling pianos, t^r
ANY piano sold by us taken back any Mat
within 2 year3 and f»!l purchase price al-
loxred on a nen- peerless Knabe at regular
price: costs you only 20c 3 day to buy a
p-ano from us. KOHLES & CHASS 30
O'Farrell st: established 1S50.
UPRIGHTS at $25 and upward can be seen at
our store, and if you want to get a bargaia
call soon; we are showing some flpe Decker*,
''cheap to close out: they are good a» new.
ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 7K> Market at.
A FINK $CO high prade guitar with leather
<"asc for sale, reasonable. lft;J Folsom st.
¦^ •
FISCHER piano.' good as new. will be sold to
highest bidder this week. SICKELS. 6 Geary.
GENUINE Charpuy violin for sa>. Apply
Charle3 Nathan, merchant tailor. 1C3 Sutter.
SACRIFICE— Latrst style uptltht. slightly
used. 1C McAllister st. near Jor.ca.
Sell privately, your own price, superb cabinet
grand upright piano; leaving city. 9-"?3 Post.
YOU may want a r>!ano for rent. SCOTT-
CURTAZ PIANO CO.. SCO Kay.s st.
THE WILEY B. At-LEN CO.. 0;:i Market St.
. Steck. EvBrett. Ludwlg and clht-r good pianos.
BEAUTIFUL uprisrht Fischer piano: must ba
sold at or.ee. Room ?. -'¦>' Geary st
A FINE Steinway upright. Wt nn sale; no
reasonable, offer r?fnsc«l. SiS-JOT r ' e * r y st.
SNAP— a only new~$4.10: hlKh-ffrade unrtch-^
dropped from. catalngue.$Cr.<>. Braenn.^OSPosty
EYRON MAUZY. 3CS^ilO-:«2 Post St.; Sohmcr
tn»l other pianos and pipe organs.
SI7PERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MVLLER maker, repairer. 2 Latbam p'.asa.
nCSIN^SS^ CTIANCI5S — Con tinned. j
A — SALOON in the wholesale district, .no night
or Sunday work, $900. ? •.-• Saloon, with
14 furnished rooms upstairs, in a good re-
spectable neighborhood, $lS00. • • • Gro-
cery in the -Western Addition, good paying j
corner, rt-nt $18. price $0M). • • • Call on
JOSEPH STRAUB. S5C Market Bt !
CHEAP; must be sold; roadhouse in gtfod run-
ning -order; parties going away. Inquire at
Call ofSce.
WANTED — Partner In building and contract-
ing business ; German preferred. Apply at
Call office. Third and Market sts. A
CHEAP; must be sold; roadhouse in good run-
ning order; parties going away. Inquire at
Call office.
ROUTE in Western Addition; building up dis-
trict; reasonable. Box 1792, CalL . -.
CIGAR stand for sale cheap. 222 McAllister
street. •
¦WANTED — A** partner with small capital in
Eood-paying business. Box 59!), Call office.
$J0O0 ADDITIONAL capital; wholesale business
in connection with manufactory. Box S70, Call.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore. !|
A BRANCH office for C211 advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1C96 Va-
lencla ft. .
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
: ANY place In the city sold on payments.
39 rooms; clears $250; a snap $3,200
12 rooms; transient; clears $G0; payrots 550
S rooms; Geary st. ; a bargain 350
I 200 rooms; just listed; investigate 10,000
I IS rooms; always full; clears $S0 650
20 rooms; clears' $50; only 200
17 rms.; long lease; clears $100; payms 1,100
50 rms.; rent $150: bargain; clears $500 .4,250
A. H. RETSLOFF, phone John 531,
j 906 Market St., cor. Ellis, rooms 7-8.
WINSTON & WOLF,
1026 Market st.
NEW HOUSES JUST LISTED
157 rooms; new and modern; clears $450. $9500
125 rooms; modern bid?.; clears $325 5500
82 rooms; rent $150; corner; N. of Mkt. 3500
35 rooms; corner; rent $120; part cash.. 2ti00
38 rooms; rent $S5; a money maker 1800
20 rooms; rent $52; clears $7S month... 875
MITCHELL & HORNLEIN. 1206 Market et
We have rooming-houses, all sizes and
prices. In all parts of the city.
11 rooms; good location; Al furnished.. $850
20 rooms; sunny; good renter 950
$ rooms; tunny flat: corner 200
11 rooms; downtown; good 700
15 rooms; rent $37 50; make offer 800
Money loaned at 1^' per cent per month.
100 ROOMS; country transient; low rent.. $0500 I
300 rooms; corner house; for men 5000
16 rooms; sunny corner; fine location 1500
14 rooms; rent very low; bargain... 600
40 rooms; man house; rent ?45; bargain. TOO
Money loaned at 1 per cent.
Hotels, roadhouses, flats, 5 to 200 rooms.
EITEL & CA-RROLL, 1032 Market st.
A. CAMERON & CO.,-' ~~~ ~
£50 Market st and 8 Stockton st.
Rooms 21. 22. 23. Phone Bush 328.
If you have hotels, rooming-houses or business
to cell, list with us; buyers, call; we can suit
you; have bargains in hotels, lodging-houses,
flats, all sizes and prices; in all parts of city.
Money loaned, 1% per cent
DONALD INVESTMENT COMPANY,
650 Market st— (Inc.). .Phone Davis 251.
Reliable dealers la rooming-houses, hotels,
business chances and real estate.
We furnish vacant houses and
L. an Money at lowest rates.
Something new every day. .
New houses to lease.
BARGAINS and many choice investments In
first-class lodging and boarding houses at all
times. Bona fide buyers are welcome to in-
spection; kindly call at office.
G. W. SCHWEINHARD.
917 Market st.. bet. 6th and 6th.
Phone Mint 1911.
MARION GRIFFIN,
719 Market Bt. (upstairs), near Call building;
good titles; easy terms; telephone Green 458;
Big list hotels and lodging-houses.
FOR lodging-houses — From $200 to $0000; bar-
gains; snaps, etc.; some very cheap and good;"
only honest trade. McBRIDE & CO.. 765
Market st. • ¦
IF you want to cell or buy a rooming or apart-
ment house call on us; we can suit you.
TOMLINSON & CO., 105 Ellis St.. room 10
(Glascow block).
A DOWNTOWN flat of six sunny rooms and
bath can be bought cheap; no agents. Box
1723. Call office.
$100 PUTS you in charge of a rooming-house
clearing $35 per month. S20 Third st .
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call, ]
16 pages. In wrapper for mailing. $1 per year, j
SPIRITUALISM.
PROF. HOLTMAN, medium and gifted healer:
all diseases cured by his marvelous astro-
psychic power; advice free. 1228 Market st. j
STME. YOUNG^S test circle to-night; Prof. Mc-
Laughlin's marvelous demonstration.- 605
McAllister st; 10c.
BROCKWAY'S proof positive test seance.
Sun.. Wed. and Frl. niehts; every one re-
ceives test; 25c: readings daily. 1052 Ellis st.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium;
life render; medical clairvoyant: sitiinss $1;
letter $2. 1164 O'Farrell st: Ellis car.
M. L. SABLICK; circle to-night, lCc; readings
daily. S6 Ninth Etreet
Mrs. Seal, spiritual and bus. medium: tobacio
¦ habit cured cr no pay. Avondale, 1424 Market
EDWARD EARLE. 328 Ellis; readings dally;
phene Polk 1601: seance Sunday and Thurs.
KATIE HEUSSMANN. 1774 15th. nr.~Guerrero;
circle Friday eve.. 25c; readings dally.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer: sittings dally: test toall to-night; 10c.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
A— PROFESSOR PAULi DESTINE,
The Great Reader of Human Destiny.
THE FIRST REGISTERED AS WELL AS THE I
FIRST GRADUATE CLAIRVOYANT AND
PALMIST EVER IN SAN ;
EXTRAORDINARY clairvoyant power, com-
bined with his superior knowledge of occult '
forces and the science of palmistry, enables-
him to read human destiny with unerring as- I
curacy. He advises you whether or not you ;
"-"'-he. successful in mining, business, specu.
lations. Investments, lawsuits, love, marriage, 1
etc. He tells you why you have poor health,
poor luck, unhappy homes, broken engage-
ments; why. you are a failure in business, in
love, marriage, employment, games of chance, '
etc By proper advice he reunites the separat-
ed, restores lost affections, how to marry your
choice, makes you successful in your busi-
ness, gives you good luck, "teaches you to
locate hidden treasure and mines, so that suc-
cess Is sure." He has assisted thousands to
hoalth wealth and happiness who had given
up in despair. Why not you? Palmistry taught. ,
Medlumistic persons developed. 127 Ellis st. '
MME. M. BERNARD,
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third st, next Examiner bldg.
' She reads your life correctly, gives an accurate
I description of the past reveals the present hap-
i penin&s and portrays events to occur in tha fu-
i ture. If you are In trouble, discontented,' un-
i happy or not satisfied In life, or have domestic,
! love or business troubles, consult this great me-
dium and you will be told how to overcome
j them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life; 25c
j up; satisfaction guaranteed. Tel. Black 45C9.
i a — 50c — 50c — NO HIGHER.
For this week only, advice on love and at!
business affairs; reunites the separated and
causes speedy marriage; names, dates and
facts given when others fail. Call on the
world's greatest medium. and palmist, MME.
J. LYONS, 1010 Market st.,' parlors 8 and 9.
A — ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant and
palmiFt. permanently located 1104 Market st,
cor. Turk; private readings daily, 10 a. m. to
r> p. m. : readings by mail as satisfactory as
In person- 3 questions answered, $1; full life
»r»; send lock of hair, date and year of birth.
! MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with -double veil — second sight;
diagnoses diseases with life readlng;ladles 50c,
gents $1; palm, and clalr. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
: FOR a limited time, Mrs. Reynolds, the famous
life reader, will give her marvelous full life
readings for $1. 1008% Market hours 10 to 5.
SPECIAL— Reading, 25c: $1 to $5 readings re-
duced one week. PROF. MILES, clairvoyant,
palmist, astrologlst; 10 to 8. 1010 MissiorT
I YOUR fortune told from cradle to grave. What
I tell comes true; send dime and birth date.
• PROF. J. MYEHS.JP. O. box 2224. San Fran.
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium, permanently located at 1206 Market
St., cor. Golden Gate ave., rooms 25 and 26.
MISS M. WILLE, 514 Taylor st, clairvoyant
crystal seer; reads your life correctly without
questions; full nameB:50e-$l;10 a.m. to. 8 p.m.
MADAM MARCEAU, card' reader and clair-
voyant: ladles and gents 25c 1601 Mission;
hours 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
advice: names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
LINCOLN— Clairvoyant and high psychlsT:
hours 11 to 3; readings by mall. 125 Turk st.
MRS. HOUSER, wonderful medium ;• truth or
¦ no pay; full life readings 50c 704 Howard.
CLAIRVOYANT and palmistry. L. - EHRM
1427 Ellis st. near Buchanan.
MME. HANSEX. well-known o!alrvoyanticard\
palm.. 25c; satisfaction guar. 148 6th, r. 14
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant card reader; iad!e»
25c; gents SO; readings daily. 132 Sixth >t
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S ABency^-No charge
i unless successful. Room 310. 927 Market st
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
lng works. 353-357 Tehama st. ; tel. South 40.
Karlson Karpet Co — Cleaning 3M>c yd;upholster-
ing.1213 Market. bet.Sth&Oth ;teI.Howard 2i>12.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO., Prop.
! RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st. ; tel. Mission 2iS3.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating " Works. G. H.
STEVENS. Mgr.. 38-40 Sth st. ; tel. South 250.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works.
-333 Golden Gate ave. : telephone East 126. .
; J E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning and Reno-'
voting Co.. 240 14th st. : tel. Mission 74.
DENTISTS. _/j^
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Market, cor.
4th. r. 7. Flood bldg. ; extractions done pain-
lessly; teeth without plates our specialty; gold
crowns $3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50
up: office hours. 9 a. m. to 9 p. m. ; Sundays.
9 to 2. J. W. THATCHER. D.D.S., Manager.
EASY Dental Parlors, 6 Turk st, cor. Mason-
Expert painless extractors; skilled operators;
gas given; lady attendant R. C. ANDER-
SON. D.D.S., proprietor and manager.
! A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot brpak;
warranted 20 yrs. ; crowns. $:{ 50; filling?, 50c;
. plates. $5. full set; all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st
PARIS Dental Parlors 235 Kearny, cor. Bush—
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 50c.
DR. E. P. SHEPARD, 14 Geary st— Expert
workmanship only; reasonable; hours 10 to 4.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H fc — O.
YOUNG. 1S11 Polk st.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTItESSES
MCDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery SihoOl;
corset-making taught; patterns cut. 1019 Mkt
EDUCATIONAL. - v
HEALDS SCHOOL OP" ELECTRICAL ENGI-
NEERING — Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion, laboratory and shop work y thoroughly
practical; day and night. 24 Post.st, S. F.;
catalogue free.
A — IF Gregg stenographers are not fast writers,
how do they all get positions and hold them?
34 positions in March, 32 In April; Ellis book-
keeping makes real bookkeepers. • S. F. Tiual-
ness College. 1236 Market st. 1
GALLAGHER-MARSH BUSINESS COLLEGE
conducted by experts; best combined short-
hand and commercial course to be had any-
where; indorsed by official, court reporters.
13S2. Market st. .
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES. 24 POST ST.,
S. F.— Thorough courses: complete equipment:
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
¦ engineering; day and night; catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
Address Ayers' Business College, 723 Market
St.. for their new catalogue; it Is free and the
nicest in the State. Life scholarship $50.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec, mining, mech.sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
ACCOUNTING — Most thorough course on coast;
beginners and college graduates perfected.
TARR, expert accountant, 219 Parrott bldg..
GOLDEN Gate Com'l College, 530 Golden Gate
• ave., S. F. — Spring, summer term shorthand,
bookkpg., penmanship; posit' n when qualified.
CALIFORNIA Business College; most thorough
modern methods; positions for all graduates;
new 60-page catalogue free. 305 Larkln st.
ACTING, elocution, .Fpeclaltles ; Hallet School:
associated with theatrical agency securing po-
sitions. Alcazar building. .120 O'Farrell st
VIOLIN, guitar, mandolin, banjo taught in
class, $1 mo.- 426 O'Farrell; phone Pine 433.
WANTED — Pupils on piano, 50c lesson at their
homes,' 32S Bush st, room 4, third floor.
Chicago Business College, 1435 Market, nr. 10th;
Plttman shorthand. typlng % bookkeepg; $6 mo.
Harpist, only teacher West, desires pupils. Mme.
Carusi, Hallet School Acting. 120 O'Farrell st
GIVEN free; mandolin, violin, guitar or banjo,
by taking 20 lessons, 50c lesson, 1484 Market.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing, :
etc.: day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th. \
SHORTHAND taught by mail or personally. '
MISS M. G. BARRETT. 302 Montgomery st. !
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof. MERKI. good
teacher. 100S Mission; instruments selected.
HEALD'S Business College," 24 Post st, S. F.;
founded 1PC3: new ¦ SO-pace catalogue free.
E3IPLOYMENT OFFlC^i^
ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell,nr.Sutter;tel.B!ack 5072.
Grand Japanese-Chinese Emp. Orflce, 415 Stock-
ton; tel. Grant 1CS; expert, reliable help.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office —
Best help. 411% O'Farrell. st; tel. East 426.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office — Furnish most
reliable help. 024 Bush st. ; tel. Bush 510.
JAP reliable housecleanlng cooks waiters "on
short notice. 1293 Page; tel. Fell 8501.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 51S8.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
EXPERIENCED American woman desires work
by the day; thoroughly competent; will do
most anything; s-trong and willing; good
worker. 106V6 Third Et, up 1 flight of stairs,
room 14.
A — SWEDIgH woman, first-class cook, wishes
situation; capable to be housekeeper and take
entire charge; city or country; ¦ wages $40.
Box 456, Call office.
SITUATION wanted by a young colored girl
as child's nurse in hotel or private family;
or as maid in physician's office. Box 440,
. Call office. • .
RELIABLE Protestan?»»wornan wants situa-
tion in small American family; a good cook;
city references. Address Cock, 2591 Market
st., cor. Sixteenth.
SPANISH Castile woman. flrst-claES cook,
wishes situation; city, $35; • country, $40.
Please call 1JJ05 Polk st. '.
RELIABLE willing young woman wishes posi-
tion as working housekeeper In small family;
thoroughly competent. 773 Folsom st. .
A MIDDLE-AGED woman desires to cook and
assist with housework for adults; ladies only.
Please cal! at 130 Second st.
WOMAN with strong boy 17 years old; both
willing to work; desire position on fruit. ranch
In vicinity of San Jose. 819 Howard st.
WANTED — Washing and Ironing to do at home
by colored woman; Iirst-class work.. 2 Regli
place, bet. Lombard and Green.
ELDERLY Protestant woman wishes house-
work; is a good cook. Address 136 Fifth St.,
bet. Mission and Howard.
GERMAN girl, just over, desires position as
cook or general housework; no washing. Call
228 Linden ave., between the hours of 9 and 5.
SITUATION wanted by middle-aged woman
for housework and cooking; good cook. Call
1018 Howard st. ; no postals. 1 ¦
STYLISH dressmaker; good fitter and cutter;
fit guaranteed; quick worker; $1 75 per day.
Address B. 19-^1 Mission St.
GERMAN girl wishes situation to do upstairs
work. 27 Isis st. off Twelfth, below ¦ Folsom.
GIRL wishes situation for light housework;
. references; no posTals answered. 1022 Larkln.
GERMAN woman wants work by the day
washing or housecleaning. 1018 How«rd st.
YOUNG woman with a child wishes place as
working , housekeeper. Box 469, Call office.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket— 2C0 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50
to $6- week; convenient and respectable; free
bus and baggage to and from ferry. .
¦"?- : -
CLASSIkTED advertisements and subscriptions
• received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. • - .
. EMPLOYMENT WANTED—MALE.
WANTED — By married man, position taking
'care of small orchard ; experienced at the
¦ work and reliable ; good references. Box 437,
Call office. ' . . - ¦ .
A STEADY, sober young man wishes position
as bartender; city or country; references.
• Box 435, Call office.
AN elderly man who has' been In business on
his own account in this city for a number of
years and who has a general knowledge of
all kinds of business and merchandizing
. wants a position where a steady, sober, cai-e-
: f ul man is needed: such as clerk or. cashier
In grocery, bakery ! and , restaurant, . hotel, •
rooming-house, or to take charge of efflce or
store of any kind. . Box 403, Call. •
SITUATION wanted with comet large : concern"
by expert mechanical draughtsman; 20 years'
experience in the East; designing, building
and perfecting machinery; in or out of city.
R. M.. box 828. Call office. ";
WANTED — Position in office by trustworthy
man of good education; can. work typewriter;
understands bookkeeping:-,, good at 'figures;
moderate wages.' -Box '458, 'Call office. '
SITUATION wanted- by young w man .with 2
¦ -years' I experience In a paint ¦ shop. ' Address
J. W.. 522 Larkln Bt > , , --
EXPERIENCED young mah wants position m
bartender. Box 4C4, Call.
I HELP WASTED—MALE.
•A — MURRAY & READY.. '.PHONE MAIN 5848
Leading Employment and Labor AGENTS.
.;..•.-....... 634 and 636 Clay. St. ...........'
........... .'.Office open . 7. a. . m
;..... 4555 MEN FOR RAILROADS
Come See . Ship . '. You . . Free ..... Come See
To Elko, Modeen, Nevada, Heron, Iron
Point, Vista, Wadsworth Rockeby, Deeth,
Battle Mountain, Reno and other places on
Nevada: and Salt Lake division.
<50 Teamsters.... .......750 Laborers
350 Rockmen .260 Concrete Laborers
286 'Drillers '. 96 Car Dumpers
95 men to work on steam shovel.
Carpenters' helpers. Wages for R. R. help
are $j, $2 25, $2 50, $2 75, $3, $3 00 day and
FREE FARE.
FREE SHIP TO-DAY .FREE
. 25 laborers, ballast gang. - truck »gang at
Santa Fe R. R. Co. 's own work ......
Butcher, country shop near city, $30 found,
coachman. $30 found; 4 farmers and wives,
$53 and found; 2 milkers and wives; young
men and strong bo>;s, city factories, $1, $1 25,
$150; roustabouts, $25; chore man, Catho-
. lie institution. $30 and. found; 2 handy men;
6 laborers, city factory, $2 day; 15 chore
boys; 26 stable men, city, country, $40, $50,
$60; come see; 6 teamsters, city. jobs, $35 and
found; 19 chore men; S road teamsters, $60;
18 laborers, manufactory; 26 teamsters, near
city, various jobs, $30, $40 and found.
. Man to kalsomine Man to. polish floors
Vegetable man for mine boarding-house, $30
and found; 12. boys to learn trade; teamster,
lumber wagon, city, $15 week; man to care
for horses, city, $7 week; boy for gentleman's
stable, $15 and found: hostler,- city, $00;
buggy washer, city, $00; young man to drive
delivery wagon, $9 week.
MECHANICAL DEPARTMENT
Blacksmith's helper, city... $2 day
5 carpenters for mine, $90; 12 house carpe.n-.
ters,- $95; 19 blacksmiths and 5 helpers,
?2 50, $3. $3 B0 day; 6 brick molders, $75; S
brick setters; brick burner; 5 carriage paint-
ers; 2 shoemakers: 56 other mechanics; come
see us; work in city and country
To Sawmills ...... Fare Paid To Woods
187 laborers, "various mills," $30, $35 found;
68 woodsmen, $35, $40 found: 10 road build-
ers, $35; shingle packers; gang edger men;
lumber graders, and every other class of
men used in mill and woods; woodchoppers.
tio makers all over California by the hund-
reds. ;
To Mines. .'..... /.and. . . .Other Departments
3 miners ' $2 75 day
66 miners, various different mines, $65, $70,
$85, $00; 18 muckers, $75; 18 laborers, surface j
work; furnace men; machine men; quartz; ;
other miners.
LABORERS .
City Jobs Factories Country Jobs
20 laborers, handy with hammer, city, steady
job, $2 25 day, board home; call early; 12
laborers' city job, board home, $2 day: 9
laborers, factory, city, $2 day; 3 handy men;
27 laborers, city, $60; 14 laborers, city, $42
found; 25 laborers, manufactory, country,
$00; 12 laborers. 12 miles from S. F., free
fare, $00; 164 laborers for other positions;
x come see us. ¦ . ¦• - »
FARMS, DAIRIES .* il>
HAY FIELDS HARVEST FIELDS
ORCHARDS, VINEYARDS. FRUITS, ETC.
29 mowers and hay men, $30, $35, $40 found;
6 fruit pickers; 36 men for . various,, hay
ranches, $1 25 day and foundr 5(3 vineyard
and orchard hands. $25 $30, $35 found; 39
milkers, $30. $35, $45 and found; 6' cheese
makers; ; 9 butter makers, $40 found; chore
men andUooys; 27 general ranch hands, some
stock farms, $25 $30 found.
HOTEL, BAKERY — Other Departments.
Waiter, officers' mess, mine company, see
boss here $30 and found
28 cooks, different places, $55, $50, $45, $40.
$30, $25 found: 26 waiters and helpers and
boys, $20. $25, $30, $35, $i0 found; 37 kitchen
hands, dishwashers, etc., $15, $20, $25, $30
found; 5 porters; 2 bell and elevator boys, $10,
$15, $20, $25 found; « roustabouts; silver
men; vegetable men, $30 found; 12 bakers,
helpers, etc., $50, $45, $30, $25 found; old
man around city saloon; old man to cook.
..Hundreds of Other Positions. Come See..
BEST PLACES AT.. .MURRAY & READY.
BEST- WAGES AT 634-636 Clay St.
A— BANKING SYNDICATE'S RANCH
Orchard, vineyard, etc We want
8 haymakers, mowers, etc $30 and fd.
6 men to work In orchards, vineyards, etc.,
$26 and fd. ; steady good jobs;. this is one of
¦ the best banking corporations to work for in
California. ¦ . • • . " , -*
¦*.'.;.. ...Fare ?1 25. ...... .Come See. ..(....
MURRAY & READY 634»-636 Clay St.
A— SPECIAL— CALL EARLY
6 laborers, factory. Inside work, 50c fare,
$00, board in hotels, steady jobs,, call early;
5 carDenters, lumber company, $75 and fd. ;
196 more men for sawmills, new mills;
blacksmith," no shoeing, near city, $3 day;
night cashier, $30, fd., city cafe; young man
some knowledge of engines; trimmer man,
$50 and fd. ; 32 miners, new mines, $90; dish-
washer, lumber company, $30 and fd.;
stableman, city truck stable, $15 week: 23
laborers, new brick yard, $30 and fd. ; pow-
der man, • near city; laborers, concrete, city
work, $2 25 day; 6 boys, city factory, $1 30
day; vege tableman, also waiter, same mine
hotel, $30 and fd.: miner and timber man,
$75.
. 1001 We Gave.... MURRAY & READY,
37,000 Men Work...... 634-636. Clay st.
PACIFIC EMPLOY. AGENCY, 638 Clay st
• Phone Main 1101.
300 teamsters,' concrete men, rockmen, steam
shovel dumpers.'. $2 25 to $2 50 per day
Free fare To-day
To all parts of Nevada and Salt Lake dlvls-
• ion. Ship direct. Fee $1
150 railroad men..". ...S. P. C. and Santa Fe
>, Free Fare
20 boys to learn trades $6 to $9 per week
5 car builders v $3 per day
4 cabinet-makers .......; $3 per day
3 shoemakers, country $2 per day
. 25 tanbark peelers, top wages T>
4 solicitors and collectors, ' city
10 strawberry pickers, long Job.:. "..$20 & fd
6 laborers, mine, north $60
6 carmen, mine, north $G0
. 25 quarrymen $2 per day j
1 plumbers' helper $7 week!
1 restaurant cook, union restaurant.. $15 week i
1 restaurant waiter, country $30 & found ''
"Many other positions. Inspect our bul-
letins. - . -.
2 HOTEL cooks, country, $50; 2 restaurant;
cooks, $70 and $11 week; chophouse cook,
S45; hotel and restaurant waiters. $25 and
$30 and $8 week; night cook and waiter $35;
and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 62S
Sacramento st. - •
3 FARMERS and wives. $40 and $45; man and
wife, private family, $50: milker and wife,
$45; farmers, $25 and $30; milkers. $30.
. $32 50 and $35; chore boys: assistant garden-
er;, driver for milk wagon, $35 and found;
stableman; and many others. J. F. CROS-
ETT & CO., 62S Sacramento st.
15 LABORERS for factory work. $2 day; 10
laborers, S2 day, free fare: 50 laborers mill
and woods, $2 day and $30 and $35 month
and board; drillers. $2 25 day, free fare; 5
carpenters, city. $3 50 day; 0 carpenters,
country; ratchet setter: cabinet-makers, $3
day; painter to run shop;' harnessmaker,
shoemakers, blacksmiths and other mechan-
Ics. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento.
ANDRE'S office. 310 Stockton st— CITY JOBS
— Waiter, plain hotel. $30; waiter for restaur-
ant, $35; assistant • waiter> $30: porter- for
dlnlncr room. S25; porter for Institution, $20
nnd found: potwasher. $30; night dishwasher.
$0 a week; porter for dining room, $25; dish-
washer, plain hotel. $20; young man in first-
class restaurant, $25; etc.
ANDRE'S office. 316 Stockton St.— For Summer
Resorts— Pantryman, $30; 2 dishwashers." $25 1
storekeeper, $25; vegetableman, $25; pantry ¦}
-.;'.. man, $C0: cook. $40; gardener, private place,
. country, $30; German choreman, $15; man to
- tend to 1 horse and garden, $20; 3 men for
work. $1 a day; farm hands. $25: etc.
AT C. R- HANSEN & CO.'S. .. ...429 Bush st.
New Railrond Work......
- • % .... . FOR NEVADA . . .' .'...';
2000 teamsters, laborers, rockmen and con-
cretemen... ¦....: $2 and $2 2." a day
Blacksmith ..r.: $3 a day
....... FOR CHATSWORTH PARK
500 tunnelmen, drillers, muckers and outside
laborers. : :.$i 75 to $3 a day
Free fare Free fare
C. R. HANSEN & CO. ......... .429 Bush st.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 20 Montgomery, rm. 12
Pastry cook, $50; pantryman, $25: bell boys'
$15 and ?25.
COACHMAN; one who Is thoroughly acqualnt-
• ed with. the care of horses, harness, carriages,
stable, etc. : must be temperate and. willing
to comply if requested by employer to assist
other employes when same does not interfere
with his duties as coachman; wages $40 par*
month, room and board; country; American
preferred. Box 431, Call, >
WANTED— For U. S. army, nblebodled unmar-
ried men. between apes, of 21 and 35: citizens,
. of United States, of good character and 'tem-
perate habits, who can speak, read and "Write
English. For information apply to Recruit-
Ing Officer.. l?l New Montgomery st, San
Francisco, or Masonic. building. Sacramento.
A — WANTED; 3 or 1 musicians for summer
resort hotel, near city; piano, violin, Icello or
V" bass viol and clarinet; 2'4 to 3 months' en-
gagement. Address, stating t»rms and other
information. . Box 434, Call office.
WANTED— 15 structural steel workers, to go to
country: wages $3 SO per day of ten hours.
Apply bet. 9 and 10 a. m.,* Thursday, Pacific
Portland Cement Co., room 1315 Claus Spreck-
¦ els building. .
A — MAN to take care of grounds, make himself
generally : useful' at f»immer resort; pood
home; small wages. 52f> Railroad ave., nar-
row gauge Fifth-st. station. \Alameda.- .
WA NTED— A J young - man to assist In wrap-
p'ne ' dppartment. Apply S.N.' WOOD &
. CO.'S, 718 Market st.
CASH boys i wanted 'at S. N. WOOD & CO 'S
718 Market st. ¦ . ; ¦ , j : ' '
WANTED — Flrst-closs . salesman jf for pictures
< and frames; must have thorough knowledge of
'". these _ lines. - Apply to superintendent, Era-
: porium. -
WANTED — To-day, steady, sober man for light
inrtonr business: must have £150 cash and br
satisfied .with $75 month year around. For
.particulars see STRAND.- 1007Ms Market, st.'
$7(U-A STEADY man as partner In cigar store;
-no night or Sunday; work: full. value" guaran-
;-; teed. Call 257 r Fourth st.. cigar store, - near
Folsom. ¦ • : , -.:... \ '
j • EMPLOYMENT WASTED— MALE y
A YOUNG man recently from East would like
a position to take ¦ care of - horses in some
"private stable; would not object to go out In
the j country If | required. 500 Howard st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. : . " •
EXCHANGE.
FOR exchange— Handsome driving cart, seat-
. ing 4/ for a gentle buggy horse. Box S31, Call.
_ .. FINANCIAL.
COMPANIES incorporated and financed; U. S.
licensed stock brokers; stocks and bonds sold;
investigate our 5 per cent Income bond propo-
sition to guarantee stock- issues of new en-
terprises; stocks underwritten on London and
American, plan; send for the . "Pacific. States
Investor*:' an up to date financial paper;
we have always opportunities "for investors
to come In on the ground floor of first-class
- propositions; correspondence solicited. Pacific
States Mining and Investment Co., 326 Post
st ; established 1S92. •¦ " - .
FLATS TO LET.
BEAUTIFUL new flat, 6 rooms; gas & electric
lighted: modern: Mission warm belt, i Noe &
I Elizabeth sts. Mission and 22d-st. cars pass.
J202 FRANKLIN place — Clean sunny flat, 5
j. rooms and bath. - . / '
ELEGANT bay-window top flat; 6 rooms and
bath. 735 Minna st, near Ninth. . •
SUNNY flat, 4 rooms; furnished orjinfurnlshed.
2829 Washington st. : -
I A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
j 16 pages, in wrapper for mailing; $1 per year.
FLATS TO LET— FURNISHED. /
COMPLETELY furnished flat of 5 room's; sun-
ny; piano, gas range; rent reasonable; phone
FelK1371. 814 Scott st, between McAllister
and Fulton. ¦ ' ¦ ¦ , ¦ :
FLAT, 1104 Eddy st. — Furniture, carpets, etc.,'
' for sale at a sacrifice on account of depart-
ure; call 9 to 11:30 a. m. ' - -
BEAUTIFULLY furnished sunny 7-room flat;
piano; garden. 2S33 Washington st. ,
GOLDEN GATE 1517 — I rms. ; bath ; gas range;
garden: $25; lower flat. 2 rms.. $12 50; y l to 4.
CHEAPEST and best In America — The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
FURNISHED FLAT WANTED.
WANTED— Furnished flat from 5 to 7 rooms;
located between Jones and Van Ness, Eddy
and Post; adults. Box 875, Call office. -¦
FLATS FOR SALE — FURNISHED.
ELLIS, 828 — Don't fail to see flat; elegantly
furnished; bargain; all new. s
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
4~ROOMS~ f urn! shed' In oak7 $4850," with No. 7 .
range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
HOUSE, 7 rooms/ bath, basement; furniture
and carpets for sale cheap. 842 Capp st.
FURNITURE WANTED.
BIG price paid for furniture for 60 days; special
reasons. S. J. WAUGH, r. 415. Examiner big.
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St., pays highest,
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
GLOVES. • _^
TRY Danicheff One Dollar Glove; you will
never wear others; warranted. 121 Grant ave.
WANTED FEMALE. -
WANTED — Cook for milk waeon drivers, no
wash, $30; 3 cooks, little wash, $30-$35; .4
cooks, small hotel, country, $30-$35; 4 sec-
ond sirls, $20, $25; 4 restaurant waitresses,
$7, $8; mother and daughter, same house;
country, as cook and second girl, $40; cham-
bermaid, $20; cook for men, $30; cleaning
woir.a'n, $20; cook, little wash, $35; second
girl, same house, $25, country; 2 ironers for
-laundry, $9 week; also a large number of
girls tor housework, city and country, at
$20, $25, $30. Apply to J. F. CROSETT &
CO., 334 Sutter St.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 429 Bush st.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
2 waitresses, country, fare paid. ..........$20
Chambermaid, to wait, same place $20
2 waitresses, summer resort, near city. . .$20
Head waitress, small summer resort;. 1. ..$25
Waitress, country hotel, north, fare paid.. $25
25 waitresses, city and country $20-$25
Mangle girl, institution $15
FAMILY DEPARTMENT. . _
100 choice places in this line; call and see'us.
C! R. HANSEN & CO.:.'. 429 Bush st
HEAD waitress; first-class 'hotel; "$35; see
' party here. MRS. M. E. DAY, 335 Geary.
2 WAITRESSES: commercial hotel; Fresno;
$25; fare paid. MRS. M. E. DAY, 835 Geary.
2 WAITRESSES; Visalia; $25; fare paid; see
party here. MRS. M.- E. DAY, 335 Geary.
4 WAITRESSES: mountain resort: $25; fare
one way. MRS. M. E. DAY, 335 -Geary. I
WANTED — 5 girls to learn halrdressing. mani-
curing, massage and hair work; only 2 weeks
, required; bring ad; costs only $3 50; 3 posi-
tions waiting; private customers assure $50
to $75 per month; day and even, class; bewara
o f . imitations; ours first and only college of the
kind on Pacific Coast. 233 Geary st, rs. 13-15.
NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY TO LEARN
HOW TO SEW OVERALLS; WE TEACH
YOU FREE OF CHARGE AND PAY WHILE
LEARNING; STEADY WORK; GOOD PAY.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO., 32% FREMONT
ST.? MR. DAVIS.
Halrdressing, manicuring, massage, bleaching,
dyeing, hairwork: splendid position in stores
. and with private customers, $50 to $75 mo. ; 2
weeks $5; day, ev. classes. 1236 Market, T. 94.
WANTED — Young lady to assist with two chil-
dren and light housework. Call at 1 Balcher
Court, ; off Fourteenth st, bet. Church and
. Sanchez. . •
EXPERIENCED alteration hands on skirts.
Apply ready for work Thursday moraine,
LIVINGSTON BROS., 123 Post st.
WANTED — 2 first-class ironers, $30 per mo.
and board and lodging. Address JOHN LA
FARGUE, San Rafael, Cal. • .
LADY of indomitable energy, possessed of self-
SEttrtlon; good opportunity for right party.
F. PERSON, room 412. Parrott building.
STRONG young woman to wash silver and
glasses in restaurant pantry. M25 Market St.
RELIABLE girl to assist in light • housework
and. cooking; good wages. 1560 Fell st.
WANTED — Two' apprentices to learn dress-
I making. 848 McAllister st. . . '
GIRL to care for baby: sleep home. 899 Pine
_st. Hotel Oliver. ,
WANTED — Lady piano player for country
roadhouse. ' Box, 924, .Call office.
WANTED — Two experienced crockery sales-
ladies. Box 440, Call. *
YOUNG* erirl wanted for light housework; no
washing. Call 1830 Sutter at, morning. -
WANTED — Girls for desirable factory work.
Apply C96 Battery\ st . .
A LADY to help do light housework at 159
South Park; sleep "at home. -
GIRL assist with housework and baby, in ex-
chancre for home and clothes. Box 455, Call.
A YOUNG girl for general housework. 2107
, California et.' ¦ / ¦'¦'¦• ¦' ¦ ¦
COOK and light housework; wages $20; refer-
ence. 1227 Geary st. '.
GIRL for general housework;" small family;
wages $20. 316 Twelfth ave. ; car fare paid.
WANTED — A girl for general housework and
cooking. 1542 McAllister Bt. ''•¦-/-"
EXPERIENCED' waitress; also active young
girl to learn waiting at table. 725 Market st.
EXPERIENCED stenographer, 4 hours I a day;
. state salary expected. Box 4276, -Call office..
GIRL or woman for light housework and care
of 2 children. .Call in morning. 320 Jessie st.
WHOLESALE house desires the services of. a
•• competent woman whom they may'trusfwith
the 'management of the : business. , 400,
. Call. office.- :- -
PANTS operators wanted by S. N. WOOD &
CO. Apply et factory. 27 Geary st.
WANTED— Girls to iron shirts. Apply THE
L. ELKUS CO.. 29 and 31 Battery st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman to do. light housework;
wages $15.- 2507% Mission St. ; ; ; '
1 AT. Larkspur, a middle-aged woman for gen-
l' t-ral housework: 2 adults and lboy 3 years.
.Apply A. MORGENTHAL. 63 Flood building.
LADY partner wanted; palmistry parlor.' Call
.: ¦ afternoons 478 ' Fell st, MRS. EARLE.
GIRL to assist with houseworltr' small family.
1232 ; Octavla st. , ' -' "V >¦ ¦-; -'-'
OPERATORS ¦ and ¦ finishers on ' gents' custom
j and stock shirts. ROGERSON'S, 535 Valencia.
GIRLS'- to sew' on buttons.' San Francisco
• ¦ Mfg. Co..r>23 Market et.y ¦¦- ¦-<¦::'¦
WANTED— Experienced .< shirtmakers. • EAG-
- LESON & .CO.." 535 Market st. " ..
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
».- received at Call. branch office. .2200 Fillmore."
A" BRANCH office for. Call advertisements and
.subscriptions has been established at ; 1096
: Valencia «t.-
HELP WANTED— MALE — Con.
AT THE CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY. -
59 3rd st. near Call bide.; phone Bush 405.
Teams. ..Teamsters and laborers for railroad
Office fee $1
.......All points in Nevada and Utah
Salt Laks Division
Free fare •••¦ Free fare
300 teamsters $2 25 and $2 50 per day
200 laborers. $2 25 per day
250 rockmen >....:.. $2 25 per day
150 concrete men $2 25 per day
Free far"e. ..Office fee $l...No ether expense
FARE ADVANCED
2(> sawmill and woodsmen, $20 to-$G5 per
month and board; 20 R. R. laborers for same
mill, $20 to $35 per month and board: ship
to-day; fare advanced to Ft. Bragg, Mendo-
clno County
2 head setters '$3 per day
10 lumber pliers... $39 per month and board
4 woodsmen $10 per month and board I
10 men to grade on skid road. .$35 mo. & bd. i
6 men to load shingle bolts.. $40 mo. & board
¦Trimmer $-i5 per month and board
Tall edgerman $35 per month and board
carpenters.. $3 50 clay, fare paid
Farm hand... $25, board bed and laundry
5 carpenter helpers $2 per day
Long job; steady work; 4 or 5 months
5 ranch hands and haymakers.. $1 25 day & bd
CALIFORNIA EMP. AGENCY. 59 Third st.
COATMAKER and pants and vest maker for
country. Apply REISS BROS. & CO.. 24
Sutter st.
WANTED — Young man. 18 to 19 years old,
with unexceptionable city references. Apply
at 45 Van Ness ave. ;
WANTED — First-class, silk salesman; /state
age. experience and salary expected. Ad-
dress box 438. Call office.
$50 — MAN take interest, collect In light manu-
facturing business; $20 per week. 737 How-
ard St.. room 64. \
A GENTLEMAN of Indomitable energy and
. push; good opportunity for right man. F.
PERSON, room 412. Parrott building.
SMART boy for butcher shop, and care for
horses. 1823 Point Lobos ave.
A FIRST-CLASS traveler for wine house; must
have good references. P. O. box 2633, S. F.
LUMBER bookkeeper and stenographer for mill
office; also sawmill boss. Box 433, Call office.
SHOWCASE maker wanted at 208 Sutter st;
top floor. .
WANTED — Plumber's helper. 29S7 16th st
A GARDENER to take charge of garden and
grounds at Belvedere. Box 43S, Call office.
WANTED — Porter: knows a little about wait-
ing at table. 012 Kearny st.
FIRST-CLASS steady ] dishwasher; restaurant.
Cll • Montgomery st. '
WANTED — A barber for Saturday and Sunday;
steady. 1308 Howard st ¦" > .. '.
COOK for restaurant 3100 Fulton st H. D.
FREE. . ¦ "
ERRAND boy wanted for tailor shop. 035
Market st., room 16.
AN architectural draughtsman wanted. Box
441, Call office. „ •
WANTED — A good barber for Saturday and
Sunday. 1805 Howard Bt
SECOND hand on cakes. Popular Restaurant,
117 Third st.
WANTED— Waiter at Fifth and Mission sts.
Cosmopolitan Hall.
BOOTBLACK wanted; barber shop. 112% Eddy
• street.
DISHWASHER waited. Park Hotel. 26 Turk
street. .
WAITER wanted. 204 Fourth st.
YOUNG man to help In cake bakery; must
have experience. 911 >i Larkln st
A NIGHT cashier. . 29 Stockton st. •
WANTED — Cornice makers and tinners to stay
away from Seattle. Lock still on. HARRY
COSTEN, R. S., L. U. 104.
WANTED — At Rope Works. Potrero. good-
sized, Industrious boys. Apply at office of the
works. Potrero. •¦
WANTED — Reliable, sober German as driver
for bakery wagon (Western Addition route);
must have experience. Ill Larkin st.
BARBER— First-class 3-chalr shop for sale";
cheap; party going away; snap; must be sold.
Apply at WILL & FINCK'S, Market st
WANTED — Steady man with $125 for a' plain
everyday business; established 13 years; will
pay $70 " a month ; no experience required.
Apply at 1016 Market st, room 10.
WANTED-^StKctly sober, reliable young man
, with $125 cash; light contracting business;
no experience necessary; pays $70 month; 30
days' trial. BROWN & CO.. 1221 Market st.
APPRENTICE to blacksmith. 1638 Mission st.
CANVASSERS for a good paying staple article
81» San Pablo aye., Oakland.
WANTED— A dryhouse man. Oakland Laun-
dry Co., COO Twenty-ninth St., Oakland.
FOR sale — A three-chair barber shop; must be
sold at once; $150. 215 Sixth st. -^
BARBERS — 2-chair shop and fixtures; $150;
established 5 years. 252 Ellis st."
WANTED — Recruits for the marine corps, U.
S. navy; ablebodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than 5 feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet 1
inch; able to speak and read English. For
further information apply at the Recruiting
Office. 40 Ellis st, , San Francisco.
WANTED — Agents for "The Martinique Hor-
ror." Elaborately illustrated. Sample, -¦ en-
abling you to make from $5 to $17 dally, post-
paid free. Address Globe Bible Publishing
Company, Philadelphia, Pa.
1 EXPERIENCED sash and door- cutter: 2 ex-
pert bench workers: good wages. Ingler &
Young Mill Co.. Fourth and Washington sts.
Oakland, Cal.
! .WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
MEN to learn barber trade; barbers in de-
mand; only requires 8 weeks: tools donated;
I catalogue free. MOLER'S BARBER COL-
LEGE. 635 Clay st.
WAITER wanted. 918 Michigan St.. Potrero.
WANTED — Experienced stock clerk for cloaks
and suits. CAILLEAU'S, 114. Kearny st
SHOEMAKERS wanted on repairing; steady
work. 621 Sacramento st.
BARBERS^ — For sale: G«od paying 3-chalr ho-
tel shop. For particulars, come and see me,
532 Third st. ¦ ¦ ' __^
LARGE, handsome bay horso for business or
surrey; safe for lady. 507 Jessie st, nr. 6th.
PHAETON. $40; top buggy. $40; buggy. $20;
big horse, $35; tent $7 50. 73 City Hall aye.
WANTED— Boy of 16 or 17 years, residing
\ with parents. Box 1745, Call office.
WANTED — Young men to learn barber trade.
S. F. Barber College. 741A Howard tt.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 563 Mission st, bet. 1st and 2d stsJ
2000 PAIRS of new and second-hand shoes for
sale cheap. McDONALD & PERRY, 241 3d.
I PENSION atty.. E. A. Bullis, room 40. Phelan
big. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomaa Post. G.A.R.
500 MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army shoes,
50c up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard St., nr. 5th.
-WANTED — Amateur musicians to join a mlli-
tary reed band; also for string orchestra.
32S Bush St., third floor, room 4. —
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Europe and
Australia. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. 563 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
!. WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st, near Mar-
ket — 2C0 rooms, 25c night; reading rooms; free,
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
HORSES AND WAGONS. ; w . ~
JUST arrived — 20 fine work, driving and sad-
dle horses, weighing from 1200 to 1600; well-
¦ matched teams, thoroughly broken; come and
see them at Occidental Horse Exchange, 216
Third st. WM. G. - LAYNG, proprietor.
A LOT of horses for sale at Arcade Horse Mar-
J ket, 327 Sixth st; also buggies, wagons, har-
ness, etc. ;¦ auction sales every Wednesday at
11 a. m. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
"RACE horses— The famous Searchlight and
Grace Thoborn cheap. Inquire OKMSBY,
26 Montgomery st '
- — — ¦ >
FOR sale, Santa Rosa Salesyard-^-Just arrived,
several fine • road and business horses, new
buggies and harness. 141.9 Market, cor. 11th.
San Francisco Veterinary College — Fourth ses-
sion begins June 9. Catalogues by applying to
M. L. PAN COAST. Sec. 510 Golden Gate ave.
ALL kinds of- wat:cn3, buggies, carts, harness,
etc., cheap. EGAN & SON, ,2117 Mission st.
Largest stock 2d-hand wagons, buckboard. sur-
j rey. harness, work. driving horses. 15th& Valencia.
AN Al express wagon, single: also light camp-
Ing wagon for sale cheap. 532 Mission st ¦
HOUSES TO LET — COUNTRY. ~
MLNLO (Fair Oaks) — New cottage, 7 rooms
bath; furnished. A. R HARRISON. 7S Geary.
HOUSES WANTED— i^mxiSIiEDT"
t WANTED—^Furnished , house or cottage, 0 to 8
\< rooms, overlooking" a park; good location. Ad-
I dress box 447: Call offlce_
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
C«l1I. corner of Market and Third streets; open
er.til 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; cpen until 9:30 p. ra.
300 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
639 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
SIS Larkin Etreet: open until 4:30 p. m.
1941 Mission etreet; cpen until 10 p. m.
22C1 Market etreet. corner Sixteenth; open
«i£t:l t) p. m.
106 Eleventh etreet: cpen until 9 p. m.
J01»C Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 1) p. m.
220C Kilimore street: oi>fn until 9 p. m.
MKKT1.%U NOTICES.
A REGULAR meeting cf Yerba Buena
Lodge ol Perfection No. 1, A. & A. -vi'
Scottish Rite of Freemasonry, will be f:
l.eld in Commandery Hall, Masonic />0>
Temple, on THURSDAY: KVENING. «££«f
Mav 22. li>02, at b o'clock.^ Degrees, luth,
11th and 12th. HENRY BURNER,
Secretary.
MISSION Chapter No. 70, R. A. M.— "7
t?I>ecial nifoang THIS iTHUR"SDAY) i\_
KVKNING, 7:^0 o'clock. M. M. de- Jt5?
greu. By order of the H. P. l fU •
JNO. R. HILLMAN. Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Lcd^e No. 1, F. & A. M., n
will meet THIS {THURSDAY) EVEN- _«V
ING, May 1*2, at 7:30 o'clock. Third JLjf
degree. By order of the Master. /^r'
FRANKLIN H. DAY, Secretary.
FIDELITY Lodge No. Tio,~F. & A. M. «"""
— opecial meeting THIS (THURS- £\
DAY) EVENING, at 7 o'clock. Third Ttjt
degree. Master Masons cordially In- f^f*
vlted. By order of the W. M.
; FREDERICK BARRY. Secretary.
SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO LodCeNo. iT~
212, F. & A. M.. meets THIS _jR»
(THURSDAY) EVENING, at 7:30 l£jt
o'clock, for second degree. By order of »\r 1
the Master. E. C. HARE. Secretary.
DOKIC Lodre No. 21C, F. & A M.—
Special meeting THIS (THURSDAY) \
KVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. First de- «?^#
«ree. Masons are cordially invited. By i\/\
order of the Master.
J. R. GOLDSMITH. Secretary.
WESTERN ADDITION Lodge No. Z^T~
AS. 1. O. O. F.— Apcilo Lodge de-
£ive team will center the lirst de-
eree in this lodge, THIS "VWIlV^*
(THURSDAY) EVENING, May
Zi. Msitors invited. A. M. BRAND, N. G.
G. H. FREREMUTH. Secy.
THE S. F. Scottish Thistle Club oTT
meets THIS (THURSDAY) EVEN- Jl ckjj
ING at Fraternity Hail. 32 O'Far- *»vX£*
re!! st.. at S o'clock; business of » '•bC^fc
great importance; smoker follows; strangers
welcome,
JOHN H. McINNES. Royal Chief.
r.EOKGE FL'LLEKTOX. Recorder.
UNITY Lodge No. 61 of S. F. and .5*
i-Urigo Lodge No. 224, K. of P.. of jQ>
Oakland, will confer Knight Rank 2>O&£
(long form) in honor of the Grand 4*°^r*
Loage FRIDAY EVENING, May 2a. at Na-
tive Sons" Hall. Mason St.. bet, Geary and
Post. All Knights are cordially invited.
E. H. CLIFF. P. C.
ANNUAL Meetise — The regular annual meet-
ing cf the stockholders of the Olympic Salt
Water Company will be held at the office of
the company. 327 Market Kt, San Francisco.
Cal.. en MONDAY, the 2Cth day of May,
3»C2, ti the hour of 3 o'clock p. m. t for the
f;urpo5e of electine a board of directors to
*erve for the ensuing year, and the transac-
tion of tueh other business as may come be-
¦ fore the raeetiag. Transfer books will clos«
en Friday, May 16, 19C2, at 3 o'clock p. m.
CHAS. A. GIBSON. Sec
Office. S27 Market St.. San Francisco. CaL
CHEAPEST and b»st In America — The Weekly
Call. 16 paces, tent to any address In the
T'nlted Statf cr Canada one year for $1.
AGENTS WANTED. :
WANTED— Man of good standing. large ac-
quaintance, to sell stock in a new mfg. com-
pany; if ability is shown position will be
Siven in company; reference exchanged.
I. M. C. bcx 595. Call.
AGENTS — Do you want comething- more profit-
able and easier to sell than books or lnsur-
ance? F. PERSON, roam 412. Parrott bldg.
ATTORNEYS AT LAw!
K. W. KING. atty.. Examiner building, room
CJ3; all cases; damages, estates, wills, mort-
enpes, partnerships, attachments, collections,
etc.: legal papers drawn; consultation free; no
advance charges; open eve's; call or write.
ADVICE Iree; divorces a specialty; quick; quiet;
no charge without success; established 16 yrs.
G. W. HOWE. $50 Market st. cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; open every evening; low fees;
all cases. J. M. THURSTOX. S19 Market st
L. S. CLARK, Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Mar-
kyt ft.: consultation free: no fees in advance.
BICYCLES For Sale or Eicltansc
ALLEN has best bicycies made; all prices; call
before buying;; repairing, tires, bells. 301
Larkin. :>C5 Market. 1&0S to 1974 Page.
BIRDS, DOCS," ETC.
HOBISON'S BIRD STORE— ~ ~™~~—
and 337 Kearny at
ALL KINDS OF BIRDS. DOGS. ETC.
Lsrpest and best appointed place In th? country.
BO AKDI NG FOR CHILDREN.
GOODliome with refined family (2 adults) for
child going to echoo! : $7 month. 1C10& Bush;
phone Pcik -797: references exchanged.
11OOK> .YEW AXD OLD.
BOOKS cf all kinds bought; libraries purchased^
K. C. Holmes 1149 Market; tel. Howard 1948.
BUSINESS CHAXCES.
A SALOON on Fourth st., near Market; $65O
A fcaloon; half interest; ?750.
A branch bakery and notions; $550.
Call K. G. V.ILXE, 2U$4 Kearay et
A — DAIRY produce, delicatessen and tamaie
depct clearing above $350 per month; estab.
years; the best investment in any kind of
business. Call R. G. WILKE, 26^ Kearny.
A— $800: PARTNER wanted in fine paying and
beft located restaurant on Sutter St.; sick-
ness comoels owner to take sood man as
partner or sell the whole business. See R.
G. WILKE. IS',.3 Kearny st
A— $!>C0; RESTAURANT and chOD house op-
posite railroad depot; place established years
and doing a good-paying business. Call R.
G. WILKE, 26',£ Kearny at.
A— SD50; SALOON in wholesale district: rent
$4^ £0; fclaee is estab. for many years and
doing a good -paying business; only reas<ji
for Bale partners bought hotel In the coun-
try. Particulars R. G. WILKE, 2(i»4 Kearny.
A — HlOO; CORNER saloon on Montgomery
Et.; established for years and known as flrst-
clzss paying proposition; rent $175; return
rent J"99; investigate at once; rare chance.
It. G. WILKE. 2CH Kearny st
A 1 — $1250; CORNER grocery and bar; fine stock-
fixtures; 2 cat-h registers; good trade; 3 rooms-
4 years lease. STRAND, 1007% Market st.
A— $32f; BRANCH bakery and variety store; 4
rooms; cheap rent. STRAND, 1007% Market
A— RESTAURANT; best In cityT receipts $30
_day; of£er_wanted. STRAND, 1007 '/i Market.
MASON Ft., 10 rooms. $700; 8 r. $475- "2 r"
*140U; Kearny st, J8 r., $1700; 21 r.. $14od!
lliese are all grood paying places; 70 mow
tKiuses. south and north, at all prices; we
treat all customers bopt and honest as possi-
& CO.. 7C5 Market st
A— WANTED; reliable, active man t<j take
State or county pattern rights in one of the
¦ • most profitable and salable articles in exist-
ence: small capital required. P. S. DE
H CA. 31f Kearny nt, room i.
GENTLEMAN or lady who can reach people
*M money to invest in a company ownln~
11 mountain of low-grade, gold-bearing ore
superior to Treadwell mine of Alaska- divi-
dends will run lifetime beginning 3 months
after mill starts. If you wish to represent
t-r invest in a paying proposition address
rocm 412. Parrott bld B .. San Francisco, Cal.
M i E *?!" Iod » ir >£- h °"ses. stores, restaurants,
hHUKtri** saloons, hotel* cigar stands and
miry other ousiners chances for sale- also
<-ity and country real estate for sale or ex-
change. Call or write for our free list. HEA-
LY &• CARR Realty and Mining Co 713
_Markci room 40(5; tel. James 412L ''
FOR sale— We have 750.C00 acres cf timber
that will cat 20.C00 to 50.000 feet per acre
from $.{ to $5 per acre; two-thirds red and
yellow coder. For full particulars call or
write J. M. S.. agent. 2220 California st
WANTED — Steady, trustworthy man as part-
rier in flrst-cla^s cath business; easy hours*
. clears $250 to $300 a month; $350 required'
Address bc= 4.-». Call office. ,
$4C0— RESTAURANT and oyster house; cen-
txally located; business 'clears $100 month;
•acrifice on account wife's sickness. Box
651, Call office.
A GOOD plumbing business; a good chance to
the right party, rr.qulre .Emma Spreckels
building, room 007. M. H. RODMAN.
STORE, with large basement, below Kearny;
suitable for bowling, gamee; lease. 630 Clay
6t. rocm 1. "*¦
A SACRIFICE — Cigar stand, worth $250; value
In sirht; sickness cause: come and see it-
glOO buyg if 23 9 Mason et. '
PARTNER with $350. for a good paying busl-
ne=s. Inquire at 842 Howard st
EESTAURANT for sale; old established place;
good business. 310 Third st
FOR sale — Old-established place, oyster and
chop house; S44 Third; rent $20; price $300." • - San S Francisco Home -Mutual Loan - Associa
tion to R. M. Bacon,' lot on S.llne of Buena
Vista avenue. 120 E of Los Angeles street/ E
Mary Dunn (single) 'to. Charles Qulgley, lot
on N • line of ; Sycamore street, 432 E of San
Pablo avenue,- E 25 by N OS, Oakland: gift.
Osmond and Frances J. Van Every (wife) to
Louis D. Reeb (single), lot on W line of Pearl
street, 117.23 N of Weston avenue or Thirty
eighth street, N- 62:0, W 140, S 37:6. ,W 5. S
25, E- 145, block A, map of Broadway and Tele
graph Avenue Park Tract, Oakland (recorded
May 17, 1002); $10. •
Ira V. Copeland (single) to Edward. M.
Downer, lot on SW corner of Locust and Grove
streets W 05 by S 40, block R, map of Kelsey
Tract, Oakland; $10.
- Annie and Charles Stockholm to | James J.
Crawford, lot on W line of Grove street, 50 N
of Marlposa, N 40 by W 120, block 2. map of
McKee Tract, plat 46, V. and D. Peralta
Rancho, Oakland: $10.
E. E. and Minnie W. Laymance to Jacob and
Cornelia Yates (wife), lot on W line of Hellen
street, '150 N of A. N 25 by W 133. subdivision
C of lot 11, block' 703, map No. 2, Watts Tract,
Oakland; $10. - ::¦¦ ¦
Catherine and ''Henry Black to Jessie Kol
myer (wife . of William B. Kolmyer), rerecord
810 D 463, lot on E line of Sherman street.
100 N of ' San Antonio (Kings) avenue, N 50
by E 150, lot 14, block 2, Map Pacific Land
Investment Company's property at Morton
street station, Alameda; $10. .
Walter B. and . Katherine J. Harrub to Wil
liam Olden Cullen, lot on W corner of Julia
and Monroe streets, SW 55, NW 167.20 NE
55, , SE 168.50, block D, Map Oak Tree Farm
Tract, Brooklyn. Township; $10.
Roscoe L. and Ninetta Earnest to Frank Hill,
lot 20, and W 5 feet of lot 21, Map Steele Tract,
deed made to give full name of Roscoe L.
Eames instead ¦ of R. L.. as in former . deed,
Berkeley, quitclaim, deed; $1.
J. C. and Mary E. . McMuIlen (wife) to Elsie
Bell' Burton (wife of Will D. Burton), lot 10,
block 1, Map Grove street line tract, Berke
ley; $10. . '
Oliver Eldrldge to Mary G. Buckingham (wife
of G. H. Buckingham), 5X2 square feet being
lot M, plot 0, Map Plot 0, Mountain View Cem
etery Association, Oakland Township; gift
A. T. and Jessie A. Plercy to J. C. McMuIlen
lot on S line of Derby street, by 260.19 W of
Grove. W 5 by S 135,' Berkeley; quitclaim
deed;. 510.
Martha : Eugenia Cohen (Barry) to Alexander
McAdam, lot on N line of Alcatraz avenue
208:3 E .of Shattuck avenue, E 40 by N 120;
portion Vicente Peralta Reserve,, Oakland; $10.
John R. and Mary F. E. Hodge to California
Annual Conference Methodist Episcopal church
lots 1 to 3. block 7, Map San Antonio. East
Oakland; also same as in second description in
deed from Walter W. Woodcock et ux.. East
Oakland; $10. :
Alameda j County.
William H. George. Lillis G. Brann and An
soii N. George to Eliza B. George, estate of
Henry C. George, deceased; gift. •
A. S. and Emma C. Baldwin to Mamie V
Graham (single), 'lots 22 and 23. block 3 sub
division I. Castro Street Addition; $10.
Odd Fellows' Cemetery Association to Charles
Maier. lot in said cemetery; $650.
Estate of Mary D. Martin (by Patrick Martin
administrator) to F. B. Surryhne, lot on E
line of Forty-seventh avenue, 125 N of U street
N R0 by E 120; $65. \'
Pauline K. Genereaux (widow) to Mary R
Chectewright (wifo of James F.), lot on W
lino of Fourteenth avenue. 275 N of Clement
street. N 25 by W 127:6; $10. . /
James F. Cheesewright to Mary R. Cheese
wrlght (wife), same; gift. •
Charles and Helma Plerson to Nels W and
Ina AVlckland, lot on W line of De Haro street
175 S of Twenty-third, S 25 by W 100- $10
Myra A.. Frank M.. George D. and Fred A
Greenwood and Jennie B. Chlpman (Green
wood) to Monroe Greenwood Estate Company,
lot cr. E line of Second avenue, 80:11% N of
Lake street. E 35. W 35. S 2:0%. to begin
ning; $10.
Gfirmanla Trust Company to John and Mary
Hogarty, lot on NW line of Harrison street
73 SW of Ritch. SW 25 by NW 75; $4400
Patrick Fitzgerald to Elizabeth Fitzgerald
mvVVsw'so? fl 1^ andW1Uow streets -
i * AUen w S; ,F lDer . et aK to Moses A. Gunst.
lot on NW line of Market street. 200:8 SW cf
Montgomery. SW 20 by NW SO; ?82 000
Ellen .E. Staples to Nellie M. Dinan (single)
lot on N line of Pine street. 87 :t> W of Ma
sou, W 25 by N 62:6. being NW corner of Pine
street and Jane place; $10.
Daniel J. Buckley to same, lot on NW corner
of Pino street and Jane place or Pine place
W 25 by N 62:6. quitclaim deed; $10
Patrick C. ,and Mary Jordan to Mary Cox
(wife of Christopher C). lot on W line of Hyde
street, 87:6 N of Pacific. N 25 by W 137: 6;
WEDNESDAY, MAY 21.
*t}^ y , B , f Ho » man (widow) to Grace E. KIop
stock_(wife of Isaac D. , Klopstock). lot on W
by\?Uof4*i 1 V treet> 45 £ ° f Valle J°. N 2 7 : «
-Herman and Llsie Schwarz to Eva Schwartz
f « o 1 f -- A 2°'P h >- lot °n S lino of McAllister
street. 13<:8 E.of Gough, E 27:G by S 120- $10
Henry W. and Belle E. Miller to Ella n!
Jones, lot on S line of Post street, 125 W of
Devisadero. W 25 by S 77:4- $10
1 - Pe . ters °n to Eugene L. Dutertre. lot
w £ by VIi^SV'"^ 89:9 w of - vood '
H E L* e Harm s :^TlS rin ° Dutertre J ° h «
_ Charles E. and Mary E.- Green and Laura B.
Roo to William : and Anna H. Sea, lot on N
byVm-lufilO 1 ' 13T:<i E Ot Spru <*' E 30
Hibernla Savings and Loan Society to Rob
tl l J?- Moore - lot on E line of Valencia street.
s 5 2 ? UjgssrssKg no * e i8 °- s °°' w 75 -
City and County. of San Francisco to Peter
Swan, lot on E line of Howard street 155 N
of Twentieth. N 43 by E 122:6; 5
Joseph and Bertha G. Welssbeln "(wife) to
James A. Cotter, lot on E line of Hoffman ave
?, u^ 76:6 N of Twenty-third street, N 23 by
E.00, lot 76, Heyman Tract; $10.
James A. Cotter to Fannie Cotter (wife),
same; gift. .-¦'(.•
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
NEW YORK— Arrived May 21 — Stmr Penn
sylvania, from Hamburg and Plymouth.
Sailed May 21 — Stmr St Louis, for South
ampton} stmr CarthaKenian. for Glasgow;
stmr Vaderland. for Antwerp; stmr Teutonic,
for Liverpool.
HONGKONG — Arrived May 19 — Stmr. Kai
sow, from Seattle, via Yokohama, etc.
NAPLES — Arrived May 21 — Stmr Lahn.
from New York, for Genoa.
LIVERPOOL — Arrived May 21 — Stmr Noord
land, from Philadelphia; stmr Ultonla, from
Boston.
Sailed May 21— Stmr Sylvania, for Boston;
stmr Haverford. for Philadelphia, via Queens
town: stmr Majestic, / for New York, via
Queenstown.
NAPLES— Arrived May 21 — Stmr Lahn,
from New York, for Genoa.
SOUTHAMPTON Arrived May 21 — Stmr
St Paul, from New York.
Sailed May 21 — Stmr Kronprlnz Wllhelm,
from Bremen, for New York, via Cherbourg.
ROTTERDAM— Arrived May 21— Stmr Rot
terdam, frofh New York, via Boulogne-sur-
Mer.
CHERBOURG— Sailed May 21— Stmr Kron
prlnz Wllhelm, from Bremen and Southamp
ton, for New York.
BOSTON — Arrived May 21 — Stmr Ivernla,
from Liverpool and Queenstown.
LIZARD— Passed May 21— Stmr La Lor
raine, from New York, for Havre.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
TACOMA— Arrived May 2i— Stmr Glenogle.
from Yokohama.
SEATTLE— Arrived May 21— Jap stmr Shlno
Maru, from Hongkong; U S stmr Grant, from
cruise.
Sailed May 21 — Stmr Farallon. for Skagway;
6tmr Santa Barbara, for Port Hadlock.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
Wednesday, Mar 21.
Stmr Luella, Olsen, .
SAILED.
Wednesday, May 21.
Stmr Navarro, Devltt, 28 hours from Eu
reka.
Stmr Coos Bay, Glelow, 120 hours from San
Pedro. •
Stmr Fulton, Lee, 47 hours from San Pedro.
Late Shipping: Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL
C Stephens, Manitoba
A McLachdan&w. NY
J McKlttrick. El Paso
O Ringdahl.w&d. Nev
F G Clark, El Paso
W S Butcher. Clnti
C L Rath, Angel Id
L MInet, Vancouver
Albert Davis. Denver
Z G James, Los Banos
W Florentine, Seattle
C L Davis, Alameda
R M Sweatman. Chgo
T Lake. Ventura
H C Webb. Chicago
E Campbell&w. Angels
J J Pleger, S Jose
G Lancaster&w. N Y
Mrs Christen&2 c.Bstn
Mrs J Graham. S Jose
Miss Graham, S Jose
HOTEL AEBIVALS.
Luigl and Angela Besozzi (owners) with P.
A. Antcnelli (contractor), architect J. A. Por
porato — All work, except marble and Iron work,
shades and chandeliers, for a two-story and
attic frame building (two flats) on N line of
Green street, 137 :G E from Polk, N 115. NE to
a point S to to N line of Green, W 30, Western
Addition block 24; $8200.
Builders' Contracts.
James T. Hogan (single) to V. L. Fortln. lot
on N line of Nineteenth street, 115:6% E from
San Pablo avenue. E 0% inches by N 88 feet,
block 2001, Map Hogan Tract. Oakland; quit
claim deed; $10.
Frederick P. and Anr.le N. Kendall to Fran
cis Cutting, lot on E line of Harrison street,
156 N from Durant, N 82 by E 146, Oak
land; $5.
Kate C. and William H. Dlxon (husband) to
David E. an-1 Amy B. Taylor (wife), lots 97
and 9S, block C, Map Fruitvale Villa Tract (re
corded May 19, 1902). Brooklyn Township: $10.
i Anna H. and Charles H. Silva to Louisa
Fromme, lot on S line of Moss avenue. 80 W
of Plymouth street, W SO. S 132.38. E 80. N
133.57, lots 16 and 17. block H. amended map
o* Moss Tract. Brooklyn Township; $10.
Eame to same, lots 4, 7 and 14, map of Gar
diner Tract, Brooklyn Township; $10.
Thankful P. and F. A. Plaisted to Lavlna S.
and Charles H. Tracy, lot on E line of Henry
street. 100 N of Berkeley way. E 90 by N 3B.69.
lot 14. block 1, map of Sea View Park, Berke
ley; $10.
The Home Building Company (corporation) to
Manuel Silva, lot on SW line of East Twenty
first street, 100 NW of Twenty-second avenue,
NW 25 by SW 60, block 51, San Antonio, East
Oakland; $10.
A. H. Morris (as trustee under will of Mary
J. Clifton, deceased) to Mariette Herrlck, lot
on NW corner of Clay and Ninth streets. W
75 by N 25. lot 22., block 116. Kellersberger's
map, Oakland: grant.
Alice C. O'Leary (who acquired title as Ladd)
to Llvermore Warehouse Company (lncorpor-*
ated), lot beginning at a point NE 380 from
NW corner of block 1. thence NE 372 to NW
boundary of lands of Roman Catholic Church,
thence NE along said line to NE corner of
lands of said church, NW 187:6, SW 444.30,
SE 230 to beginning, portion of plat D of A.
S. Ladd estate, as per map of said estate, with
deed of partition, 244 D. 124, town of Liver
more. Murray Township; $10.
Christopher A. and Morgarethe Wieben to
Samuel A. and Carra Byrne, lot on E line of
Merrill avenue. 125 S from S line of county
road from Oakland to San Leandro. S 37 :6 by E
125. block 6, map of subdivision of portion of
block 6 of Sather Tract. Fruitvale, Brooklyn
Township; $10.
40 by S 100, lot 4. block O, map of Golden
Gate Tract, Oakland; $10.
Mountain View Cemetery Association to
Louis Kempff and Prentlss Selby, lots 289 and
290 in said cemetery, Oakland Township; $290.
Maria A. Henrikson or Henrickson (widow)
to Gustav Henry Hlmbersr, loC on W line o*
Ninth street. 228.63 S of Channlng way, S 50
by W 130, lots 10 and 11, block 136, corrected
map of Avery Tract, Berkeley: $10.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL^ THURSDAY, MAY 22, 1902.
13
SfianahanFIorisfCo.
ARTISTIC FLORAL DCSIQNS
Prices Reasonable.^
\07 POWELL ST^cahELUS ZE£ 5056
RAILWAY TEAVEL.
/^^^ '-Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
i rflfctfsJjjia 629 KEAKHYST. Established
3jW|p*3jg* i ii ISM for the treatment of I'rlvnt*
isli*V»S? Diseases, I,o«t ivlanurxxl. Debility or
I iSft?3J$g Sjdispasft wenrlngon bodyand mind and
S !S$$ S SBSkln Disenses. The Doctorcnres wlieu
E Mothers fail. Try him. r charges low.
t TTHilrnini**Tii'ir~ r"TH"Tinln il Call or write.
Dr. J. I\ CilBUOX, sau Francisco, CaL
DAWSOV.
For full information apply, to •
J. FRANCIS LEE. S. P. BROWN
Traffic Mgr., Seat- Gen. Agent, 630
tie. Wash.; Skag- Market st.. San
uay, Alaska. Francisco.
. Shortest and quickest route to At-
lin, IHer Salmon. White Horse,
Hootnlinqun, Stewart River,
Klondike, Koynknk and Yu-
kon Mining:. DlKtrict*.
ONLY DIRECT 1 IJVE TO DAVVSON
TEX DAYS SAN FRANCISCO TO
YUKON ROUTE
THE WHITE PASS AND'
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO
LESSEES
SAM FRANCISCO ANJ NQ8T3 PAGIFii
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot ot .Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEJ..
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 9:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:35.
3:30. 5:10. 6:30 p. m.. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trips at
1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.: 1:30. 3:30.
B:00 6:20 p. m.
SAX RAFAEL TO SAX FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:03, 7:35. 7:50. 9:20. 11:15
a. m. ; 12:50. 3:40. 5:00, 5:20 p. m. Saturdays
— Extra trips at 2:05 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:40. 11:15 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40.
4:55. 5:05. 6:25 p. m.
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco) . May 4. 1902. ISan Francisco
Week 1 Sun- I Destina- I Sun- I Ween
Days. I daya. I tlon. ' | daya. | Days.
7:3Ga S:00a Ignacio 0:10 a 8:40 a
3:30 p 9:30 a and 10:40 a 10:20 m
5:10 p 5:00 p Novato 6:05 p 6:20 p
. 7:35 p
7:30 a 8:00a Petaluma 10:40 a 8:40 a
3:30 p 9:30 a and 6:05 p 10:20 a
6:10 p 5:00 p Santa Rosa 7:35 p 6:20 p
Fulton
7:30 a Windsor 10:20 a
5:00 p Healdsburs 10:40 a
Lytton
Geyserville
3:30 p 8:00 a Cloverdale 7:35 p 6:20 p
7:30 at 8:00 at .Hopland 110:40 a|10:20 a
3:30 p| 5:00 p| Uklah .) 7:35 p| 6:20 p
7:30 a| 8:00 a[ Wlllita [ 7:35 p| 6:20~p
7:30 al 8:00 al Guernevllla I 7:35 p|10:20 a
3:30 p| 5:C0p| |10:40a| 6:20 p
7:30 a] 8:00 al Sonoma I 9:10 a! 8:40 a
6:10 p) 5:00 p| Glen Ellen I 6:05 p| C:20.n»
7:30 a! 8:00 al Sebastopol [10:40 a|10r20 a
8:30 pi 5:00 p[ | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mar*
¦West Springs and White Sulphur Springs: at
Fulton for Altruria: at Lytton for Lytton
Springs; at Geyaerville for Skag.sra Springs; at
Cloverdale for the Geysers and BoonevtUe: at
Hopland for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs.
Kel£«-yvill». Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay. Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vle!iy
Springs. Saratoga Springs. Blue Lake*?, Laurel
Dell Lake, Witter Springs. Upper Lake. Porno.
Potter Valley. John Day's. Riverside. Llerley"s.
Bucknell's. Sanhedrln Heights, Hullvllle. Orr's
Hot Springs, Half-way House. Comptche.
Camp Stbvens, Hopkins, Men.loclno City, Fort
Bragg. Westport. Usal; at Wlllits for Sher-
wood Cahto.- Covelo. Laytonvllle. Cumming3.
Bcll'c Springs, Harris, Olaen'a. Dyer, Pepper-
wood. Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at
reduced rates. n . ' v
On Sundays— Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket . office, C50 Market street. Chronld*
building.
H. C. WH1TTNG. • R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. As*.
nOUNT TAMALPAI5 RAILWAY
Leave . Via Sausalito Ferry Arrive
. San Fran. Foot of Market St. San Fran.
M ml -estatee: & m
9:30a. 8:00 a. - ntmiat ,«„, „ 7 ~> X&&W* 9:V>a.
6:15p.l0:C0A. * 2:30p.oA>p.
1:30 p. "THt33 0FTn:i?lT > 5;5op _„
2:30 P. Op*»»»lh«y«imnJ. g.j5 p _^
"~jTTUMIfS dill— l**n Tirem *» r. m»rt»« Saa 7raKt>co 1 1:3* r.
Tktatf O8m«. *tl MABSFT STfcZST ul SJtCaAUTO tZaXK.
Weekly Cali,S1.00 per Yeas
NORTH SHORE RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Fejry,
Commencing April 27, 1902.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 6:45. »7:45. 8:43. 0:00. 11:00
a. m., 12:20. *l:40, 3:15. 4:15. 5:10, »6:15
«:45, 9:45, 11:45 p. m. 7:45 a. m. does not
run to Mill Valley. •
SUNDAYS— 7:00, S:00, •O.OO. •10:00. 11:00.
11:30 a. m., 12:30, *l:30. 2:30, *3:45. 6:00. 6:00
7:30, »:45, 11:45 p. m.
Trains marked (•> run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— 3:20. •6:20, 7:40, S:15, *9:30
11:00 a. m., 12:25, 2:15, *2:30, 4:40, 5:30, 0:45
10:15 p. m. .
SUNDAYS— 6 :C0, »8:00, 9:30. »11:00 a. m
•12:C0 m., 1:00, 2:15, 4:15. *5:«. 6:43*
7:30, 10:15 p. m. .
Trains marked (*) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
'-' WEEK DAYS— 5:40. 6:40. 7:45. 8:25. 9:45,
11:10a. m.. 12:35, 2:45, o:50. 5:10. 5:20. 7:10.
10:15_p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:30, 7:55, 10:05. 11:10 a. m.
12:15. 1:20. 2:30, 3:45, 5:00, 0:05. 7:15. 10:40
P " m " THROUGH TRAINS.
¦7:45 a. m. week days^ — Cazadero and way
stations.
•3:15 p. m. Saturdays — Cazadero and way
stations.
5:15 p. m. week days (Saturdaya excepted)
— Tomales and way stations.
8:00 a. m. Sundays — Cazadero and way
stations.
10:00 a. m. Sundays — Point Reyes and way
stations.
Legal Holiday boats and trains will run on
Sunday time. . - . .
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
ARIEL and~scUir"fia"{s,"S25^631 Tu7k^Hot"and
cold water baths, eleculc lights free; fur- i
nished or unl'ur. : tel. Et.st 312. Sutter 41. j
BELL (The). 1773 Market— Sunny suites, with
kitchen, gas or coal stove. $12 to §20.
EDDY, 207 — 2 nicely furnished sunny house-
keeping rooms; gas or coal stove; $16 month.
EDDY. 217 — Furnished rooms, double and sin-
gle. $1 50 up; gas; phone; transient.
| FIFTH, S53 — Housekeeping; double parlors;
kitchen; 2 beds; bath; $20; suited two couple.
FILLMORE. 2219, near Clay— Five sunny fur-
nished rooms; bath; nice yard; housekeeping.
FILLMORE, 2212. near Clay — $10: five sunny,
furnished rooms; bath; yard; housekeeping.
?60 — LEAVING city; for sale or to rent; -3
rooms completely furnished for housekeeping;
cottage and large basement; rent $H". Ap-
plv 257 Fourth st.. cigar store; no dealers.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 622— tunny front bay-
window suite; 2 or 3 rooms; gas range, bath.
HAYES, 136, corner Van Ness ave. — Large
sunny room; rent ?9.
HYDE, 40S — Sunny furnished parlor and
kitchen; also rear basement suite; gas stove,
yard, laundry. . - ¦
LARKIN. 623. near Ellis — 3 or 4 sunny rooms
with regular kitchen; gas range, yard, front
hall; also single room; price reasonable.
LEAVENWORTH. 411— For rent, nicely fur-
nislied front housekeeDlng room.
MISSION. SC2. near Fifth — Sunny bay-window
furnished housekeeping suite; gas stove; $18.
SEVENTH, 28— Nicely furnished sunny suite,
'$16; also eunny rooms with range, $S.
SHIPLEY, 260, near . Sixth — 3 good . sunny
rooms, unfurnished, for housekeeping.
STOCKTON, 12C6 — Model house; newly fur-
nished; free gas; housekpg, $10 to $12; bed.
A ERANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established- at lOVti
Valencia st. _- -' . '
ROOMS TO^ LET-— -rnrii. and Unf am.
ARGYLB Hotel, 234 MeAlUster^FewT^Iegantl
sunny; 75c day upward; McAllister cars to
door; handsomest grill room in California.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 148 Sixth— Rooms,
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
A— EDINBURGH, 239 Powell, corner Geary-
Sunny rms.; single, double; mod. conven'ces.
ALL choice neat sunny suites or singles; day.
week or month; bath; phone. 332 Stockton.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364) — Fur-
nished rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH. leiOVi— Sunny front bay-window room,
$7 month.
BUSH, 2311, near Steiner — Fine large front
room, furnished suitable for 2; no objection
to light housekeeping.
CLD7FORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason — Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY, 3 — Sunny furnished rooms, fl 50 up
week.
ELLIS, 321 (Mozart)— Nicely furn. rooms, 35c.
|1 50 night; $1 50. $6 week; open all night.
ELLIS, 633, corner Larkin — Bay-window al-
cove; mantels, closets; 2 or 3 persons.
GEARY. 405 (The Navarre) — Elegantly furnlsh-
ed suites and single; travelers accommodated.
Grand Southern, 7th & Mission — Rooms 35c to
$150 night; $1 75 to $5 week; reading room.
LARKIN. 804 — Sunny single front rooms, neat-
ly furnished, $4 50.
MINNA, CC7. corner Eighth — Newly furnished
bay-window room; $1 per week; transient. -
O'FARRELL, 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day, week, mo.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis— Incandescent light,
reading-room, smoking-room, and ladies' par-
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 50; week, $2
to $8; month, $8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SAN CARLOS ave.. 264 — Sunny front room,
suitable for lady; phone; bath; priv. family.
SEVENTH, 28— Nicely furnished sunny bay-
window room, $10-$12; also housekeeping rms.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth st.
near Market — Furnished; also 3 unfurnished.
SUTTER, 1022%, near Hyde — 2 large sunny
parlors, furnished; phone.
TURK, 836 — 2 small connecting rooms for lady;
fine view; every convenience; $10; ref. ex.
CLASSIFIED . advertisements and subscription j
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
•ubscriptions has been established at 1038 ,
Valencia st. • • '
ROOMS AND BOARD.
CORBIN, The. 836 Sutter St., corner Leaven-
worth — Nicely furnished rooms; single and
suits; all sunny; table first class.
CALIFORNIA, 807 (Stevenson Mansion)— Select
family hotel; exceptional table; popular rates.
4 'H EATH." 312 Eddy st. — Select family hotel;
exceptional table; popular prices.
1RVINGDALE, C26 Eddy — Sunny rooms, en
suite cr single; good table; reasonable.
LAMBOURNE. 420 Eddy— High-clasa houae;
furnished suites or single; steam heat. ¦
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS— W«
eell better machines for less money than any
house In the city; rentals $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 636 California; telephone Main 266.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriter Inspec. Co.. 209 Sansome.
TYPEWRITING & MIMEOGRAPHING.
EXPERT typewriting. 4c folio: copies. 2c; mlm-
eographlng. 027 Markt. rm. 305: Howard 1539.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS fcr Clothing and Equipage-
Depot Quartermaster's Office, 36 New Mont-
gomery Street, San Francisco, Cal.. May 20.
1902. — Sealed proposals In triplicate will be
received at this office until 10 o'clock a. m.,
Friday, Jum< Cth, 1902, Pacific Standard time,
and then opened for furnishing Jean Draw-
ers, Light Weight Wool Stockings, Woolen
Drawers, Campaign Hats, Regulaticn Muslin
Shirts, Chambray Shirts, Heavy Wool Stock-
ings, Cotton Undershirts, Wool Undershirts,
Light Weight Collarettes and Wool Under-
shirts, Heavy Weight Collarettes, Russet
Shoes, Black Calfskin Shoes, Waist Belts.
Linen Collars and Ponchos. Quantities to bo
subject to an increase of 20 per cent, if desir-
ed by this Department. Bids will be opened
for the delivery of the same articles at
cither the .San Francisco, Boston, Chicago and
Philadelphia depots. To avoid misunder-
standing a3 to the exact nature of the ar-
ticles to be furnlshad. bidders will carefully
examine the standard samples arid specifi-
cations, so that proposals may be submitted
by- them with a full knowledge of what will
be required, as an absolute compliance with
the standards and specifications will be In-
sisted upon in the inspection of the goods.
Unguaranteed bids; and bids upon samples
differing from standards and specifications,
will, under no circumstances, be entertained.
Proposals for less quantities than advertised
for will be entertained. Bids for-delivery or
Inspection at other points than those named
above will not be considered. Early deliver-
ies are essential. Bidders must state in their
proposals' the rate and time of delivery,
should contract be awarded to thorn. The
articles advertised lor are the same for
which bids will be opened at the other de-
pots. Preference will be given to articles of
domestic production and manufacture, condi-
tions of price and quality being equal, (in-
cluding in the price of foreign production an.l
manufacture the duty thereon) and \ such
preference will be given to articles of Ameri-
can production and manufacture produced on
the Pacific Coast to the extent of the con-
sumption required by the public service there.
The UnltedJStates reserves the right to accept
or reject any cr all proposals or any part
thereof. Information and blanks for proposals
will be furnished on apllcatlon.Envelopes con-
taining proposals will be endorsed "Proposals
No. 4034," and addressed to Major C. P.
Miller. Quartermaster, U. S. Army, Depot
Quariermastcr. • •
OFFICE of C. Q. M.. Vancouver Barracks
Wash., May 12. 1902 — Sealed proposals in
triplicate, will be received here until 11 a.
in.. May 26. 1902, fpr furnishing such quan-
tity of bituminous coal as may be required
from time to time during fiscal year com-
mencing July 1. 1002. for supply to vessels
' pertaining to the Quartermaster's Depart-
ment at Portland, Oregon. Information fur-'
nished here or at Depot Quartermaster's Of-
fice, Portland. Oregon. \ U. S. reserves right
to reject or accept any or all' proposals or
any part thereof. Envelopes containing pro-
posals should) be marked: "Proposals for
Coal at ," addressed J. W. Jacobs
C. Q. M. ,v '. ¦ - ¦¦"
PROPOSALS for coal — Office of General
Superintendent, Army Transport Service
' Kan Francisco, Cal., May 17, 1902. Seal <d
proposals in triplicate for furnishing and de-
llverlne on board army transports at San
Francisco, California, forty thousand tons
average steam coal, or such portion thereof
as may be required,- will be received at this
office until 12 m. June 2, 1002. and then-
- opened. Information furnished on applica-
tion. Envelopes containing proposals should
be indorsed, "ProDosals for Coal," and ad-
dressed to C. A. DEVOL, General Superin-
tendent. . . . v ' .-¦ ; .
PROPOSALS for coal — Office of General Su-
perintendent, Army Transport Service San
¦ Francisco, Cal.. May - liJ, 19O2>— Sealed pro-
posals in triplicate for furnishing and deliv-
ering at Honolulu. H. T., ten thousand tons
average Steam Coal, or such portion thereof
as may be required, will be received at this
office until 12 m.. June 20, . 1002, and ' then
opened. Information • furnished on applica-
tion. Envelopes containing proposals should
,. be indorsed "Proposals for Coal - for Hono-
lulu," and ' addressed to.C. A. DEVOL, Gen-
eral Superintendent. .
- MAEBI AGE. LICENSES.
:The following -marriage licenses were issued
yesterday: ' .
Gaetano ' Cuneo, ' 21. 221 Green street, and
Rosie Reppetto, 20, 307 Green street. '
Wesley D. Evans, 28, .'Auburn, and Hermina
Schuepi, 25,' Stockton. •
James E. Ryan, .40, 1073^ Market street,
and Katie C. Murphy. 30, 25 Sheridan street.
Manuel J. Lawrence, 23, Sausallto, and
Anastaeia Payne, 21, 1438 Pacific street. ¦: -_
Lawrence D. Giubbiny, 37, olO Montgomery
avenue, and Linda Porta, 22, Novato.
-Robert Burns, '24, 27 Rondel place,, and Ber-
tha E. Maguire, 28, 649 Sacramento street.
William J. O'Brien, 28, 4 Norton place, and
Mary Heuer. 22, 1755 Stockton street.
James P. 1 McKay, 25,' 2763 Octavia street,
and Martha Schnitzlein, 20, 2703 Octavia st.
Charles C. Baker, 24, 17 Fourth atreet, and
Leonora C. M. Czarneckl, 20, 4213 Eighteenth.
John H.' Holmes, ."9, 5til Mission street, and
Emma L. Wilson, 43,' Corralitos.- ••
George M. Hansen, 26, 142 Tremont avenue,
and Lucena M. j Morch, 20, Osage City, Kans.
Leung Lung, 41, '• Boston, Mass., and Sui
Ylng, IS, city. . . ' >'" '
BIRTHS— MARRIAQES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
iri at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BOBN.
BRODIE — In this city, May 20, 1002, to the
wife of Hector Brodie, a daughter.
CRESSY— In this city. May • 0, 1002, to the
wife of Frank S. Cressy, a son.
~ MABRIED. ~~-
WALLACE— PETTIS— In this city, May 10
1902, by the Rev. Herbert F. Briggs. Ezra
.^M. Wallace and Pauline H. Pettls, both of
Sari Francisco.
DIED. "
Brown; Daniel Lefkovitz. George'
Buechel. Sophie M. McDonald, Joseph
Carey, Edward McDonald, Mrs. K.
Carroll. Mary McManus. Edward
Cleary, Mamie McSheehy (Infant)
¦ Couchlan, Kate Merani, Emillo
Devine, Francis ' Murphy, Morris
Doherty, Fannie , Murphy. Richard
Dole, Elbridze Poole. Mary
Du.tcher, Elizabeth Rosette, Marie J.
Fischer, Margaret Russell. George Y.
Gospodnetich, J. G. Saul, Rosa
Hunt, Mrs. E. A. Spaight. John P.'
lndart, Juan "Wright, Robert J.
¦ Kazinsky, Julius JL
BROWN — In , Petaluma, Cal., May, 20, 1902,
Daniel, beloved husband of Annie Brown,
devoted father of Mrs. G. P. Hall, Daniel
Brown of Fresno, Mrs.' J. J. O'Connor and
Josephine, Emma, Elise and Vincent Brown,
and only brother of Mrs. Mary Griffin and
Miss Margaret Brown of St. Louis, Mo.,
' and Mrs. Jcssphlne .Blrchfield of New Or-
' leans. La., a native of Ireland, aged 70
years.
inSTrlends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral Friday, at 10 o'clock, from
St. Vincent's. Church, Petaluma. Take 7:30
' o'clock Tibur'on ferry. ¦'•
BUECHEL— In this city, May 20, 1002, Sophie
Marie, beloved wife of Edward Buechel,
mother of Mrs. A. Greub, and sister of Mrs.
Lucy Luchmann, Mrs. Julia Ehrlch, Mrs.
Elizabeth Lutgens and Louis and | Fred
Bruse, a native of Lubeck, Germany, aged
(53 years 11 months and 22 days. (.Clinton,
Iowa, papers please copy.)
E^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
' (Thursday), May 22, at 2 o'clock, from her
late residence, 120 Colllngwood atreet, be-
tween Eighteenth and Nineteenth. Castro
' and Diamond streets. Interment I. O. O. F.
'. Cemetery. -. >
CAREY — At St. Mary's Hospital, May 21, 1902,
Edward Carey," dearly beloved brother of
Hubert,. Delia and Mary Carey and Mra.
John'B. Glover, a native of County Roscom-
.' mon, Ireland, aged 29 years. •¦ •- ,
CARROLL— In this. city. May 21, ,1902, at her
residence, 408 CapD street; Mary, dearly be-
loved mother of May ' Carroll, • a native of
; Limerick, Ireland, aged b'5 years.
• (C?-The funeral, will 'take' place to-day
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors
' of Carew & Enklish, 29 Van Ness avenue.
Interment private. Mount Olivet Cemetery.
CLEARY— In this city, May 20, 1902, Mamie,
dearly beloved wife of William Cleary (nee
. Egan),' and loving daughter of James and
¦ Kathe'rlne Escan, and -sister of James, An-
nie, Alice, Lena. Agnes and Walter Egan
, and Mra. E. Daly, a native of San Fran-
cisco. »
IC?*Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 204 ' St. Rose's avenue, thence to
Holy Cross Church, Eddy streets where a
requiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul at 10 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
COUGHLAN — In this May 21, 1902,
Kate, beloved wife of Patrick Coughlan, and
mother' of Nora, Frank, Daniel and James
Coughlan, a native of Ireland, aged 50 years
and ti months.
' -r C7"Remains at the parlors of J. C.O'Con-.
nor &. Co.. 707 MJasion . street. Notice of
funeral hereafter. ' >'
DEVINE— In Napa, May 20. 1902, Francis P..
beloved husband of Rosanna- Devine, a na-
• tlve of Dublin, Ireland. •
Z^T Remains at the parlors of Carew &
English, 29 Van Ness avenue. Notice of
funeral hereafter. . .
DOHERTY— In this city, May 21, 1802, Fan-
nie Doherty, beloved mother of Thomas
Doherty, a native of Ireland.
.. C^Funeral and interment strictly private]
DOLE— In this city, May- 20, 1902, Elbridge
¦ Dole, brother of the late Edmund Dole, a
native of BanEor, Me., aged 84 years and 0
months. (Banstor. ¦ Me... papers please copy.)
(E^lnterment in Ix>ne Tree Cemetery, Hay-
wards, on Friday, May 23, leaving San Fran-
cisco at 8:30 a. m., via Southern Pacific
Railroad.
DUTCHER— In this city, May 20, 1002, Eliza-
beth Dutcher, beloved mother of Norrls Jay
and Burt Dutcher and Florence Bush, Jean-
ett Heslen and Jennie Thomas, a native of
New. York, aged 78 years.
C^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Thursday,- May 22. at 10 o'clock, at her late
residence, 428"/4 Ellis street. Interment Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery, by carriage. • .
FISCHER— In this oity. May 20, ,1902, Mar-
garet, beloved : mother of Henry, A. Fischer
of Stockton, Cal., Mrs. Marcaret Moore and
E. E. and A. J. Fischer and the late Mrs.
F. R. Leeper of Angels Camp, a native of
Germany,- aged 72 years 1 month and 23
days. .---'¦.. -
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Friday,
May 23,. 1902, at 1 o'clock, at the Emmanuel
Baptist Church, Bartlett btreet, between
Twenty-second and Twenty- third. Interment
I. O. O. F. Cemetery. '
GOSPODNETICH— In Watsonville, May 20.
11)02, J. G. Gospodnetich, a native of Dol
Brae, Austria, aged 42 years.'
HUNT— In this city, ¦ May 21, 1902, Mra. E.
A. Hunt,' beloved wife of the late E. A.'
Hunt, a native of England, aged CO years 7
¦• months and 15 days. «
IE?" Funeral and interment at Carlin. Nev.
Remains at the funeral parlors of Charles
H. J. Truman '& Co.. 1909 Mission street,
between Fifteenth and Sixteenth.
INDART-^In San ' Jose. May 18. 1902. Juan '
lndart, beloved I husband of Marie lndart,
and father of Peter, John, Jack. Marie and
Dominie lndart and Mrs. J. G. Garat of San
Jose, a native of France, ! aged 76 yeais 5
months and lt> days..
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the residence
of his daughter, Mrs. J. B. Garat, 90 Delmas
I avenue, San Jose, thence to broadgauge depot
for 9:20 o'clock train. . Interment at Hoi-
lister. •
KAZINSKY— In this city. May 20. 1902/1
: Julius J.. beloved husband of Rachel Ka- j
slnsky, and father of Joseph, Aurelta, Lef n,
Maurice, Reca, William, Irwln and Florence
Kazinsky,: and brother. " of Mrs Augusta
Pincua, a native of Germany, aged 59 years
11 months and 5 days. .
in^Frlenda are respectfully invited to at-
tend . ¦ the funeral services to-day (Thurs-
day), at 10 o'clock. , at his late residence,'
1124 Jackson, street. Interment Hills " of
Eternity Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train
from Third and Townsend 'streets.
LEFKOVITZ— In this city,. May \ 21. '190°
George, beloved son of Mr. - and Mrs p'-
Ljcfkovitz, aged 18 years and 10 months.
McDONALD— In this city. May 21, 1902 Jo-
seph, beloved infant son of James R.' and
Kate McDonald, a native of San Francisco
ared 3 days.'
McDONALD — In this city. May 20, 1002, Mrs
. Kate M. McDonald, sister of Angus M. ana
Norman McLeod, a native of Prince Edward
Island, aged oS years. ¦
ET" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend funeral service*
Thursday, May 22, 1902, at 10 o'clock at
the mortuary chapel of the Golden '.Gate
''.'HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher 1 §
' DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS
20 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln School
.'-- ¦ Telephone South 80.
Mt; Olivet Cemetery,
NEAREST THE CITY. •
Office, 916 Market Street.
- Telephone Bush 307. •
NEW FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS.
Samuel McFadden, 18, years manager for
"the United Undertakers' Association; M. J.
McBrearty, with the same company for 10
years; P.. F.. Green, late with J. C.O'Con- !
j nor & Co., have opened new Funeral Par-
lors at 1171 Mission ' St., between . Seventh
and Eighth. Telephone -South 44.,' .- ¦.-.¦>¦
JAMES McGINN, I
.'Formerly' with- McGinn Bros., I has -opened I
new Funeral Parlors at 214 : Eddy st. . bet 1 1
'.Taylor and Jones. ; Telephone; South 676.'*. I
JIOXEY TO LOAJf^
A — K. McCOLOAN. -* Montgomery et.. room J.
Leans any amount at lowett rates.
Deal direct with leiiiisr.
On first mortgages.
Or. tecend mortgages.
On third mortgages.
On undivided interests in real estate.
On estates in probate.
On legacies.
NO DELAY.
Telephone Main 551G.
R. VcCGLGAN. 24 Montgomery st.. room 1
A— liERMAN~MUKPHY. 001^002 Kxaminer big
........$1,500,000 at Lowest Rates
......On First and Second Mortgages
....i... On Life Interests in Estates
Property Being Held in Trust
.."..'. Undivided Interests in Real Estate
Life Insurance Pclicies; Estates in Probate,
flcaiicial Problems of All Sorts and Sizes.
IF YOU NEED MONET
EmHERMAK MURPHY. C01-C02 Examiner. ,
AA— MANHATTAN LOAN CO. (Inc.).
$300,CW) at 5Va and 0 per cent in sums to suit; |
City. Oakland. Town and Country Property; ;
fecpnd mortsaces, life insurance and securi-
ties; loans on unsettled estates, undivided in-
tereet* in real estate and legacies: will pur-
t'-tiaec above Fccurlties. MANHATTAN LOAN ,
CO.. CROCKER BUILDING.
ANY preposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first, .
tecond and third mortgages, estates In pro-
r*i«, interest in estates, legacies, undivided
Interests, securities, sr-anutacturing and mer-
< entile interests, corporation loans. Room Its,
_lst floor. Chronicle big. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
MONEY to lean in turns to suit on real estate,
household furniture, etc.. at lowest rate of
ii-.terest; private and confidential. TOMLIN-
EON & CO.. 105 EUis et.. rcom 10 (Glasgow
biock).
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
literal advances on diamonds, jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 840
Market St.; tel. Main 1C44. Branch 19 Third.
MUNICIPAL Loan Office. 103 Grant ave.. near
Geary et.; phone Red 1CC3.
ON real estate. 1st or 2d mortgages and on fur-
niture cr pianos; no removal; any amount?
lowest rates. BECKER. 30 Geary St., room 38.
f I" TO flCO loar.ed salaried people without se-
curity; quietly, quickly, confidentially; lowest
rates; easy payments. Drake. 453 Parrott big.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos; no removal;
lcwest rate: private, confidential. ORMSBY.
26 Jlor.tfrcmery Ft., room 7. opp. Lick House.
A PRIVATE party loans any amount on furni-
ture, pianos; no removal: low rates; confiden-
tial. WHITEHEAD (Wilson's). 1710 Market.
E. F. DISCOUNT AGENCY— Loans to salaried
people on their note.
THE TOUSLEY CO 143 Phelan bldg.
CN furniture, pianos; no removal; money quick;
lowest interest; easy terms; no brokerage;
reliable party. 1170 Market et.. room 68.
LOWEST rates en furniture, etc.. by private
party; no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Rcom 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
i;LFVING. C1C Examiner big.; loans on pianos,
furniture, etc.. at 2 per cent without removal;
eo broker? ?e charged: confidential; open eves.
CN furniture, piarrns; lowest rate; no removal;
strictly private. E.W.LICK. 116 McAllister st
£% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal.
Phone Black 1700. room SI. 6 Eddy, floor 4.
Mrney loaned salaried people witfcout security.
HII^U r. 44. Merchants' Exc. 431 California.
O.VE per cent on furniture: $5 a month on each
f 1000; any security. 302 Montgomery St.. r. 1.
CASH loaned salaried people on note without
indorecr. MORRELL. C09 Examiner bldg.
i-OANS mcaey on salary; no indorser; Eastern
rlari. W*«tem Loan Co.. 303 Phelan bldg.
ort'icas -^'P. s .T OIt^ : - S ...T?-- 1 '- 1 ?' r ' r ,^
TURK, 3CS. cJose to Market — Nice new plate-
pla^s iront store. 5 rooms and bath in rear;
tee it. DAVIDSON & LEIGH. 219 Mont-
gomery st.
/•
fc'TORE. with 3 living rooms; suitable for res-
taurant, tailor shop or dressmakinc parlors;
rent f20. 310 Plllmore st.. cor. Halght.
¦^^^.^-^j^'H 8 . 7^^
palmistry!
PROFESSOR STERLING, the famous palm-
ist, is here; have your hands read; charges are
."i<\; and $1; office is at 120 8th St.; office hours
pre 10 a. m. to 8 p. m., daily and Sundays.
It ME. G. L. NEERGAARD reads 1 to 4. 700
Post st.. corner of Jones; pnone Polk S37.
H. JEROME FOSELLI, scientific palmist, 515
Taylor St.. bet. Geary and Post:tel.Black B6L
PERSONALS.
VIAVI has been manufactured for over fifteen
years: it cured hundreds of ailing women In
its nret year and has cared thousands of suf-
fererp every year since; booklet for mothers
and daughters mailed free. The Vlavl Co.,
£304-6-8 Van Ness ave. ; phone East 282. San
Francisco.
AN elegant line of remnants for suits to order.
(ISt with these cults we make an extra pair
et pants free of charge; other suits on Install-
ments. $1 weekly. L. LEMOS. 1117 Market
ft., between Seventh and Eighth.
SPECIAL CREDIT STORE— Complete outfit
$1 week; ladies' tailor matie suits, skirts,
thirtwaists, trimmed hate; tents' and boys*
units, overcoats, hats; call, open account at
cur new etore. C F. ADAMS CO.. 318 Mason.
ELECTRIC light In every room — Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third et.. near Market: 700 rooms.
1T«? to $1 SO per night; (1 60 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the terry.
RAG carpets wove to order and for eale: also
chenille-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer in
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. Geo. Matthews, 709 Fifth, Oakland.
A — WHAT do you think T O. BERMAN. 48
Ellis, makes colored ehlrts to order; $1 each;
came as white shirts; selection 300 patterns.
ENGINEERS arm railroad men can find Car- ,
hartt's union-made overalls at SUMilER-
FIELD & ROMAN'S, Fifth and Market ets.
BASEBALL Schedule Memorandum, Vol. 2.
history greatest game «ver played; 10c post-
paid. S. R. CHURCH. 307 Sansome St.. S. F.
NOW ready — June ctylee Standard Patterns;
ell the newest designs for cummer goods. J.
W. EVANS. 1021 Market Et.. near Sixth.
AT less than cost, uncalled-for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
tailor. 721 Stoket et.
HONEY loaned at low~ Interest; gold, silver. :
ilamonds, pearls and precious stones bought ;
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth Bt.
LIQUOR habit — A new. safe and cure cure can
be given without knowledge of patient. Ad-
dress P. O. box 552, San Jose, Cal.
WHITE enamel Iron beds, single, three-quarter
cr double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 13! 0-1312 Stockton St., near Broadway.
LATEST styles of hair dressing from Paris;
hair work a specialty: hair dressing, any
Ftyle, 25c. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton st.
A -$3 CO DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny et., near Pine.
FINE PUTTS. $10; dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
A- — If your hair Is falling or you are bald, call on
Dr.G.S.Moore.332 O' Farrell ;send for circular.
SUPERFLUOUS hair, moles, etc., permanently
removed, electric needle. Mrs. Cook. 426 Sutter.
SPANISH lessons and translations. 513 McAl-
lister tX. w -
RUPTURE cured: no operation, pain or lost
time. Fidelity Rupture Cure, 36% Kearny.
TAILOR-MADE cults, %~ 50; dress pants. $2 50. :
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
6UPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter it.
ELECTRIC needle Epecialist: superfluous hair
and moles destroyed. Mrs.H.Eaton.427 Sutter.
Mrs. Brigre — Superfluous hair, moles destroyed
fcy electricity. 1719 Buchanan: tel. West 259.
liRsque-rade ccstumes nt H. Anderson's, theat-
rical cortuTier. 26 O'Farrell: country orders.
J-loctrlc k <>ctr5c-light baths, massage, hot air
treatment for rheumatlsm.ete. 233 Geary.r.27.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles removed by
«1»?ctrlc needle.Dr.&Mrs.Traverse.HTO Market.
ALFREDUVS Egyptian Henna: restores gray
hair to its natural color;" $1; at all druggists'.
ONE MINUTE TOOTH-ACHE DROPS CURE
__isrtar.tly; 10c and 25c. All druggist*.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
<>cuptry prcVn-. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
DK LAMOTTES FRENCH CORN PAINT, the
frert com «-ure. 25c; all druggist*. .
PinSICU\SjlKD StUGEOXS.
RUPTURE and piles cured; no~pay~iintircured:
no operation; no detention fi-cm business: ail
private diseases treated successfully consul-
tation free. Drs. Forden * Pnrterfleld. 6 Turk.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence,
K2114 Market ft., bet. Sixth and Seventh.
SPECIAL NOTICES. ~
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made"-
city or country. PACIFIC COLi.KC' r 'f>\'
CO.. -«jr. Montgomery, room; B-10; tel. WSO.
STORAGE AXD^WAREHOUSES.
WEBCE^UCDOLPH Storage~&~Movlng"co7o7l
nee Post and Powell sts. ; tcL Priv. Ex. 571.
GOLDEN WEST Storage: advances made StO
Mission et. ; tel. Howard 'J41. F. W. Zehfuss.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. C30 Market at.;
. tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
J*tj. £220 Fillmore it. ; phone Jackson 2SL
_' BAiCLWAY TRAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Trains leave and ar« dne to arriveat
SAN FKAXCISCO.
(Mala Line, Foot of Market Street.)
I.BATK — F»OM~APBII. 20, 1903. — ABBITB
7.00a Benlcla, Saisun, Elmlra and Sacra-
mento 6.55^
7.00a V»c»vllle. Winters. Bumsey 7-55?
7.30a Martinez. San Simon, Vallejo,
Napa, Callstoga. Santa Bosa 6.2Sp
8.00a Davis, Woodland, Knights Landing.
Marysvllle, Orovllle 755?
8.00a Atlantic Express— Ogden and East. 8.25a
8.00a yilea, Lathrop. Stockton 7.25?
8.00a Klles, Mendota, Hanford, Ylsalla,
PorterTille 4.55r
8.30a Shasta Express— Da vis. ¦Williams
<for Bartlett Springs), "Willows,
Red BlniT. Portland 7.55*
8.30a San Jose, Llverraore. Stockton.'
-v. lone, Sacramento, PlacervHle,
Marysville. Cbic«, Bed Bluff 4.25p
8.33a Oakdale.Ctiinese.Soaora.Tuoluffine 4.25p
8.00a Vallejo- 12.25p
9.00a Los Angeles Express— Mar tlnez,
Tracy, Lath7op,Stockton»Merced.
Raymond, Fresno and Los Angeles 8.25a
9.30a Vallejo. Martinez and Way Stations 7.S5r
tiO.OOA Hsyward, Niles and Way Stations. T12.65*
1000a The Overland Limited — Ogden,
Denver, Omaha, Chicago. 5. 23?
fl.OOP Sacramento River Steamers tii.OOr
300? Benlcla, Winters, Sacramento,
Woodland, Knights Lauding,
Marysvllle, Orovllle 1055a
' • 330? Hayward. Xlles and Wsy Stations.. 7.55?
4. 00p Martinez. Saa lUmon.ValleJo.Xapa,
Callstoga, Santa Rosa. 9.25a
4 CO? Nlles, Llvermore. Stockton. Lodl.. 12-25?
4.30p Hayward,XUes,SanJoae,Livermore tS.SSA
4-30P The Owl Limited— Fresno, Tulare,
Bakeraaeld, Sangns for Santa
Barbara, Los Angeles .*. 8.55a
S.OOp PortCost<t,Tracy,Lathrop.Stockton 10.25a
5.00? Martinez, Antiocb. Stockton, Mer-
ced, Raymond, Fresno 12-25?
t5-30? lilies Local 7.25a
6.00? Ksyward, Nlles and San Jose 7.55a
tS.OO? Vallejo 11.25a
6.00? Oriental Mall— Ogden, Denver,
Omaha, St. Louis, Chicago 4-25?
7-00? Saa Pablo. Port Costa, Martinez
and Way Stations. 11.25a
17.00? Vallejo 7-55*
805? Oregon & California Express— Sac-
ramento, MarysvlUe. Keddin?,
Portland, Pnget Sound and Esat. 8.55 a
t9-10? Hayward and Nllca tUSSA
COAST LINE (Harrow Gauge).
(Foot or Marfcot 8treet.)
}7.45a Santa Cruz Excursion *8.05r
8.15a Newark, Centerville. Saa Jose,
Felton, Boulder Creek. Sanu
Cruz and Way Stations 5 50r
t2.15? 2»ewark, Centerville. San Jose,.
New Almaden. Felton, Boulder
Creek. Santa Cruz and Principal
"Way Stations 10-50*
4.15? Newark, San Jose, Los Gatoa ( t8.50A
64-15? San Jo»e. Los Gatos. Santa Crui... cS-50 a
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAN yP.A>' CISCO, Foot of Market St. (Slip 8)
-47:13 9:00 11:00 a.m. 1.00 3-00 5.15 p.m.
From OAKLAND, Foot of Broadway — +6:00 J8:0»
t8:03 10:00 a.m. 1200 200 400p.m.
COAST LINE (Broad Cause).
(Third ana Townsend Streets.)
6.10a Saa Jose and Way Stations 6.40a
t7.00A San Jose and Way Stations.. ta.COA
7.00a New Almaden /4.10?
J7.15a Monterey Excursion J8-30?
8.00a Coast Line Limited — San Jose.
GUroy. Salinan, San Lnis Obispo.
Santa Barbara. Los Angeles and
Principal Intermediate Stations. 10.43?
800a San Jo.+e. Trcs Finos, Santa Cruz.
Pacific Grave, Salinas. San Luis
Obispo and Principal Intermedi-
ate Stations 4-10>
10.30a Saa Jose and Way Stations 833 a
11.30a San Jose and Way Stations 9.46a
ai.30? San Jo*e and Way Stations a/.OO?
t2 45p San Mateo, Redwood, Palo Alto.
Santa Clara, San Jose. Trea
Pfaos. Santa Cruz, Salinas. Del
Monte, Monterey and Pacific
Grove t10.45*
3.33? San Jose. Del Monte. Pacific Grove,
Santa Cm2 and Way Stations 7.30?
t4.15? San Jose and PrlnclpalWay Stations 5.3Q?
tSOO? San Jose, Los Gatos and Principal
WayStations t9 Cda
5-30P SanJoseasdPrtncipalWayStation* 6.30*
6.30? San Jose and Way Station* 7-33?
7.00? New Orleans Express— San Lais
Obispo, Santa Barbara. Los An-
geles. Demfns. El Paso, New
Orleans and East -. 10-33*
«11 -45p San Joae and Way Stations
A* for Morning. P for Afternoon,
t Sunday excepted. t Sunday only,
a Saturday only. e Monday only.
• Saturday and /Tuesday and Friday.
Sunday oaly.
Santa Fe
Trains-Daiiy.
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
Local Lim'd lOvrl'd Local
DaUy Daily I Daily Dally
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 0:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:13p
" Merced... 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:30 a 0:11 p
" Fresno... 2:05 p 2:35 p .1:15 a 10:50 p
. ~" Hanford.. 3:12 p 3:27 p 8:05a
" VIsalia... 3:2) p 5:00 a
" Bakersfld f 6:15 p 5:2Op 7:45a
" Kan. Cityl I 2:40 a . 7:30 a,
" Chicago..! 2:15p 9:00p
a for morning., p for afternoon.
9:00 a. m. train is the California Limited,
carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and Dlnlns
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car runs
to Bakersfield- fcr accommodation of local
first-class passengers. No second-clasa tick-
ets are honored on this train. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 7:05 a. m. daily.
4 :20 p. va. is Stockton. Merced and Fresno
local. Corresponding train arrives at 12:30
p. m. daily.
S p. m. is the- Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; al.-io
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 6:00 p. m.
daily.
7:20 a. m. Is Bakersfleld Local, stopping
at all points In' San Joaquin Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at S:-tO a. m. daily.
Ciflces^ — 641 Market atreet and In Ferry
Depot, Saa Francisco; 1112 Broadway.
Oakland.
C^Remains will be at the parlors of Craig,
Cochran & Co., 52 . Mint avenue, until 16
o clock a. m. to-day. May 22, 1902. Services
and interment at Mountain View Cemetery.
Oakland. • . . •'
E?"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence of
his Darents. 57 Erie street, between Thir-
teenth and Fourteenth, Mission and Howard.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
SAUL— In this city. May 21, 1902, Rosa, be-
loved wife of the late John Saul, and mother
or John Saul, Mrs. George Makinson and
the late Margaret Saul and Alice Conklin, a
native of England, aged 66 years.
SPAIGHT— In this city, May 20, 1902 John
P.. beloved son of Patrick and Catherine
Spaieht, and brother of Michael, William,
Marcella. James. George and Thomas
Spa ght, Mrs. Charles Henderson and Mrs.
• William Schott, a native of San Francisco,
aged 23 years 2 months and 28 days.
; CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 500 Anderson street, near Cortland
avenue, thence to St. John's Church. Mission
street, opposite St. Mary's avenue, for ser-
vices. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery
WRIGHT— In this city, May 19, 1902, Robert
& . b ul oved^ son of Mathew. and Annie
Wright, and brother of ¦William E., Mary
A. and Eliza J. Wright, a native of San
Francisco, aged 13 years 1 month and 11
days. ' .
jN tL? Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited, to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at~9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 11C4. McAllister street, thence to Holy
Cross Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
ROSETTE — In this city, May 20, 1902, Marie
Josephine, beloved daughter of Mary E.' and
the late John E. Rosette, and sister of Mrs.
Annie E. Bennett, Mrs. A. G. Hennlsee and
Mrs. L. H. Rucker, a native of. Illinois.
(Springfield, 111., papers please copy.)
(CFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Friday, May 23, at 2 o'clock, at her late
residence, 1720 Baker street. Interment Pre-
sidio National Cemetery.
RUSSELL— In this city. May 21. 1002, George
Y.. beloved son of William and E. Russell,
. and brother of Mrs. /John W. Platt, Mr3.
Alexander M. Maclefman and Mrs. Harry
.Leader, a native of Marysvllle, Cal., aged
J5 years, and 7 months. ..
E?" Remains at the mortuary' chapel of the
Golden Gate Undertaking Company. 2475
Mission street, . near Twenty-first. v ;
MURPHY— In this city, May 21, 1902, v Rich-
ard, beloved husband of Ann Murphy, and
father of. Eugene Murphy, a native of County
Kerry, Ireland, aged 72 years 4 months and
29 days.
POOLE— In this city, May 21. 1902; Mary,
beloved wife of the late William Poole. a
native of County Meath. Ireland, aged 72
years. (New York and Newport, R. I., pa-
pers please copy.) : • .
EF 1 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
¦ (Thursday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of McFadden. McBrearty & Green, 1171
Mission street, thence to St. Patrick's Church
for services at 1 ' o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
MERANI— In this city. May 21, 1902, Emillo,
dearly beloved son of Guilia and i Lazzaro
Meranl, and brother of Mrs. Rishetta Fer-
raa, Mrs. Mary Cervellt and Joseph Meranl,
a native of Italy, • aged 48 years.
MURPHY— May 21, 1902.- Morris Murphy, be-
loved husband of Julia Murphy, father of
Margaret and Edward Murphy, and brother
of Mrs. Nellie Withneld. a native of New
York,' aged 34 years.
Undertaking Comoany, 2475 Mission street,
near Twenty-first. Interment Redwood City
•by 10:30 o'clock train from Valencia and
r Twenty-fifth streets.
McSHEEHY— In this city,v May 20. 1902, in-
. fant daughter ¦ of James and Catherine Mc-
' Sheehy, a native of San Francisco, aged 2
•days.- .
McMANUS— In this city, May 1 20, 1902, Ed-
ward, beloved brother of the late Michael
McManus, • a native of County Fermanagh,
Ireland, aired 50 years. . .
RRAI, KSTATE CITY- — FOU S\LE.
BPJBCIC & CO.. <s«7 Market Kt.. opy. Kearny.
Real Kstate Asents and Rent Collectors.
SELECTED BARGAINS. ¦•
?C7.5C0— Brick building: stores and offices; lot
TOxlOS; 1 frontages; rents 5075.
S50.0C0— O'Farrell-st. corner: Inside of Lar-
kin; 70x77:6; rents $2S5; mortjjase
$24,000 can remain.
533.000 — McAllister-st. corner: SoxOS; good Im-
provements: rents $220; east of La-
iruna. I
*25,0C0 — .Sansome-st- corner; 70x130; rents $257.'
vSO.UOO — Fine business corner; 3 stores and « !
flats;, bulldlnir cost $25,000; lot «8:0x
71; rents $2450 per year.
(30.000 — Geary St., near Jones; fine improve-
ments; renta $1S5.
(22.500 — North Beach srore corner; 75x110;
stores and flats; rents $215.
f20.500 — O'Farrell-st. linvestment; eaEt of Leav-
; enworth: lot S4: 4x137 :0; fine site for
¦ apartment or lodging; house.
I flS.000 — Ellis st., near Larkin; 2 frontages;
I rents §140.
i C1C.000 — Sansome-st. Investment: 45-foot front-
Ia^e; want offer.
$12,500 — 3 new Hats: close to Park Panhandle;
rents $112 50.
{ f 10,750 — Modern fiats: near Hyde and Sutter
Ets.; renta $00.
I $9,500 — Rents $103; lot 60x80; downtown In-
; vestment.
1 ?5,500 — Geary-st. corner: C2'feet frontasre;
! half of property improved; a cheap
1 buy.
SPECK & CO.. 6C7 Market st.
DECIDED BAEGAINS, ~~"
Lots $150 and $250 each. . . ;
On $5 and $10 monthly payments.
Tou Will Be Astonished.
Inspect our level lots in Excelsior Homestead.
Selling very fast
Near Mission-st. Electric Cars.
Don't Wait: See Them To-day.
No Grading ;.all Fenced: Spring Valley Water.
Get oft cor. Mission st. and Brazil ave., walk
short distance to our lots.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER,
Room 54. Chronicle Building.
A. E. BUCKINGHAM REAL ESTATE
20 Montgomery st.. room '11.
Rents collected; full charge taken of property.
$43,500 — Cor. 50-vara; Turk; 3 frontasres: fine
location for apartment house, flats, etc.
$12,500 — Washington, nr. Webster: 60x127:6;
desirable residence lot.
$10,000— Webster, nr. Washington; 60-ft. front;
suitable for physician.
$10,000 — 3 sunny new 7-room flats, near Golden
Gate Park: Brand view; rents $105.
$2,375 — Cheap; north side Clay 6t., near Lyon;
fine adjoining lot. 27:6x100, for $3000.
HOUSES— SUNSET HEIGHTS— LOTS.
Installment*; Eleventh ave., H and I Bts., nr.
entrance Park music stand; cars pass property.
A. E. BUCKINGHAM. 26 Montgomery, room
11. Branch office. Sunset. 1215 Ninth ave.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
Our Sunset Lots Have no Equal!
$500 to $1000 — On graded and sewered streets*
6uperb view; $10 monthly. . \ •
$100 to $450 — Choicest Ocean Boulevard lots-
$5 monthly. '
Sunset Branch Office. Ninth ave., near H st.
$400 to $S00 — Richmond lots; no one can
beat us.
$1000, $1400 to $2500— Modern cottages; all
bargains; easy terms.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER,
Room 54, Chronicle Building.
HOUSES — New and up-to-date; 11 you are look-
ing for something nice, containing 7 to 8
rooms; Castro and 20th sts.; good view of
city. Apply on premises. •
FOR sale^ — Modern flat of 6 rooms; partly fur-
nlshed; new; rent $28. 1261 Mission st.
BARGAIN — Lot 25x137:6; 3 beautiful flats; well
rented: owner's departure. 836 JHalght s t.
REAL ESTATE — COUNTRY — For Sale
FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO
Email tracts, $00 to $90 per acre, on Rancho
Cotati, Sonoma Co.; future value assured, as
Ean Francisco is growing rapidly; -location
b«et lor poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotati Co:. 302 California st. foe
pamphlets and Information.
FARMS, ranches, city and suburban property
for sale and exchange; unimproved lands in
large and small tracts In Alameda, San Joa-
quin and other counties. Write for our print-
ed list HEALEY & CARR, Realty and Min-
lng Co.. 713 Market, r. 406; tel. James 412L '
SANTA CLARA County; 4-room house; lot 212
x258; 1 cow; 1 horse and wagon; 50 pigs-
250 chickens, all sizes; 100 laying hens: all
for $1500. A. C. BERGER. Gllroy. Cal.
Eanta Clara Valley. San Jose and Peninsular
properties. See WOOSTER. WHITTON ft
MONTGOMERY. 634 Market S. F.. & San J.
COLONY tracts, estates, ranches, ranges, tim-
ber. mines. EMMONS & SON. Mills bldg.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS !
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
$3250 — A VERY pretty cottage of 6 rooms and
bath in the Daley Scenic Park; large lot;
fine view; a bargain. JOS. J. MASON. Real
Estate. Berkeley Station.
LOT 83x230; 8-room house; stable; windmill-
chicken houses; fruit trees and berries; worth
$3600; will accept reasonable cash offer; $1000
can remain on mortgage. Box 907, Call.
COTTAGE! — 8 rooms, modern convenience, bath
«tc. ; easy payments. MURDOCK. 514 Pine!
Mill Valley Advertisements.
MILL VALLEY REAL ESTATE.
HOUSE, 5 rooms and bath, unfurnished, up-
rtairs, 3 rooms below; In fine condition; sun
' all day; larce lot: stable, fruit trees; fine
place for chickens; 5 minutes to depot; $17 50
per month by the year. S. H. ROBERTS,
Real Estate. Mill Valley. Cal.
2 UNFURNISHED houses, one 5 rooms, one 3
rooms; glass porch; stable below; lot 100x200;
near the Cascades; suitable for hotel pur-
poses; sunny; to rent by the season or year.
S. H. ROBERTS. Mill Valley. Cal.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE, Hl8 BROADWAY.
OiKLAM) \ REAL ESTATE.
$10.000 — FLATS. 3 blocks from 14th and
Broadway (business center). A guaranteed
income for 3 years, under lease at 9 per
cent net on the Investment; property has a
business prospect and should be worth $20,-
000 in one year; stores now under construc-
tion adjoining this property. J. S. MYERS.
1002 Broadway. Oakland. Cal.
$1800— NEW DUTCK COLONIAL.
b rooms and bath, double parlors, a perfect
house; lot 62x140 (note size of lot); all full
..: shrubbery, flowers, etc., outhouses; an
ideal home and an ideal spot; near Tele-
graph cars; house cost to build $lG00, and
the lot is reasonably worth $1500. but It
must be sold this week; terms only $400
cash, balance mortgage: best bargain ever
offered in Oakland: seeing- is believing. J.
S. MYERS, 1002 Broadway. Oakland. Cal.
$2300— ORIGINALLY SOLD FOR $4000.
Large cottage of 5 rooms, summer dining-
room and kitchen finished in basement; large
barn; first-class neighborhood; convenient to
the business center; not far from the Kjcal
trains; terms $500 cash, balance on mort-
gage ; this property has merit and should be
seen in order to be appreciated. J. S
MYERS. 1002 Broadway. Oakland, Cal.
$2250— SWISS COLONIAL. —
New; the very latest in architectural design
and finish; open and nickel plumbing: 6
rooms and bath; an Ideal beauty in every
way; only $400 cash; this property should
eell for $3000. but my instructions are to sell
at once, hence the reduction In price; first
come first served; positively no reserve. J
8. MYERS. 1002 Broadway. Oakland. Cal!
"WEBSTER STREET. NEAR 20TH ST.
S new houses of 7 and 8 rooms. Colonial
etyle, plate glass windows, finished In curly
redwood; the most handsome and best con-
structed houses evr offered for sale; 0 nold
only 2 left: terms easy and the price Is low;
seeing Is believing; call and be shown this
property; only 3 blocks from the business
center and narrow gauge "train. J. S MY-
ERS, 1002 Broadway. Oakland. Cal.
$250 CASH. $0.50 monthly — Modern cottage.
Just finished, of 4 roon-.B. bath.' pantry and
closets; euperb soil; 4 lots. 100x100; more
ground to it if desired: 32 new buildings gone
up in the past 6 months: near church, school
and electric cars; 4 main roads surround;
away from fogs and cold winds; just the
place to raise chickens: adjoining East Oak-
land: price in all $1500. Call or send for
circulars!, 455 7th st, opposite Broadway sta-
tion, Oakland; carriage free. H. Z. JONES,
Owner.
OAKLAJCD FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE good and cheap this month. ~~~lT
SCHELLHAAS. 408 Eleventh et. Oakland.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing; lowest rates. TeL Green 144. 205 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, ex. ; repairing;
lowest rates; phone Howard 3204. 145 Sixth.
jgf when you 're going 'Sr
B East, and I '11 tell you 'w
gf why to take the Bur- \
fa Iington. Tourist-cars a\
I f& three times a weck.\ R 1
ojj Thro' standard sleeper III
fa J to Chicago daily — past \H
wP<8 I berths at 631 ®\flr
'^ Market St. > Jr
£$p W. D. Sakbokx, CaIn the evening the new officers were in
stalled in public 1 in the Social Hall of th*
A. O. F. building, by Past Suprme Grand
Chief Companion Mrs. M. Asher. assisted
by Past Supreme Grand Chiefs Mrs. M.
E. Falconer, Mrs. A. M. Phillips and M.
Boehm.
After the installation a fine repast was
served in the banquet hall, at which
George J. Monck. president of the Twen
tieth Century Club, presided '. as toat>t
master. There were no set speeches, but
short talks were made by all the new offi
cers, Mrs. L. G. Miller, the retiring head
of -the order, the installing officers. E. A.
Freeman, D. M. Lowe. John' Falconer,
George J. Berger and Miss Peters. Mrs.
Miller was presented a handsome bunch
of roses and at a later date will be pre
sented a valuable testimonial in apprecia
tion of .her services.
The resolution providing mileage for
one delegate from each circle outside of
California sending such to the Supreme
grand body was adopted.
• The contingent fund of the head of the
order was increased to $200. and the salary
of the secretary was Increased $3 per
month.
Mrs. A. Boehm. supreme grand chief com
panion: Mr*. M. Valente, sub chief; Mrs. G. J.
Berger. treasurer; Mrs. F. N. Corwin, secre
tary: Mrs. A. Fernandez, right guide; Mrs.
L. Scheuner, left guide: Mrs. .A. Bolton, her
ald; Mrs. Cattle. Inside guard, and Annie
Senne, outside guard.
COMPANIONS OF FOREST
ELECT SUPREME OFFICERS
The Companions of the Forest. A. O. F.,
In Supreme Gra-nd Circle yesterday elect
ed officers as follows:
CATHEDRAL MISSION
HOLDS A RECEFTION
Officers of the Several De
partments.
Interesting Reports Are Head by the
Th* Cathedral Mission of the Good Sa
maritan held its annual reception last
night at the mission room at the corner of
Second and Folsom streets. A large au
dience listened v.ith interest to the read
ins of the various reports and to the re
marks of the pastor, Rev. J. P. Turner.
Music and refreshments completed the
programme of entertainment and the
children, who largely made up the audi
ence, spent an enjoyable evening. Reports
of the work accomplished by the. various
departments were read by the following:
Choir Guild. Mrs. J. Verdinal; Mothers'
Meeting, Mrs. «~ollt»r; Sewing School, Mrs.
George ne*d; Parish Aid. Mi« M. Layton:
Nurses' Department, Miss A. C. de Turbeville:
difnenfc'ary. V)i. B. M. Hinkle: Church Home. J.
C..Artredo; Boys' Club. Walter Carson; Sun
day school. Mr. TruEson: the publisher of the
Mitre, F. T. Foster; Daughters of the King,
Miss Soule; B. P. A.. C. B. Gi'.more; Altar
Guild. Miss A. Soule; Girls' Club, Miss A.
Rlxcn.
Local Order Will Ficnic at Glenwood
Fark in the Santa Cruz
Mountains.
The Order of "Railroad Conductors No.
115 will hold its annual picnic at Glen
wood Park. Santa Cruz Mountains, on
Salurday next. Former outings have
earned for the order an enviable reputa
tion as a giver of enjoyable family ex
cursions, and the advance sale for this
season's affair has reached a proportion
that guarantees a success.
The excursionists will leave on the 5:13
narrow gauge boat and will arrive home
at 6:30 p. m.
The committees having charge of the
outing are as follows:
Arrangements— Hay«-s P. Speakman (chair
man), F. E. Farley. A. B. Murray, W. B. Cor
berly. J. C. Fielding, A. K. Holbert, T. Bil-
HngFlea.
Reception — E. If. Shoemaker (chairman). W.
J. Hunter. Fred W\ Palter. George S. Smith,
R. H. Plant. G. L. Colegrove, D. McLaughlln,
L. B. McMurtry. S. II. Davis.
Floor — A. H. Hartwig (manager). John D.
Hoover, F. Stearns, D. F. Murphy, F. H.
Green, P. F. Cutting. J. K. Smith, A. B,
Spear, TV. W. Brown, T. J. Hunt.
Try the Cafe Zinkand for lunch. Good
meats well cooked, well served. •
Adams' Sarsaparilla Fills.
Email, delicious chocolate-coated pellets for
constipation, biliousness, sick headaches, dys
pepsia. 10c, 25c. •
McFadden Is Held to Answer.
George McFadden was held to answer
before the Superior Court hy Judge Mo
san yesterday on a charge of, murder.
H<* is accusc-d of the murder of aged
Charles Tucker of Martinez in the hall
wav-of S29 Howard street on the morn
ing" of April 28.
For moving and storing try Bekins Van and
Storage Co.. 030 Market street. •
VALUES ART GLASS HIGHLY.— The Pabst
Brewing Company is suing: the Chutes Com
pany to recover six art glass windows alleged
to have been taken from the Pabst building
by the defendants. The windows are valued
at $2250.
Must Determine Fit of a Dress.
Justice of the Peace Daniels was called
upon yesterday to determine the fit of a
dress and waist, for the making of which
Marie Rae Brown sued I_ila Kan«? to re
cover 514 40. The testimony showed that
Miss Kane furnished tho material and
Miss Brown made the pult iherefrom. but
when it was finished the waist was too
Email. Miss Brown then altered the gar
rrtent. but it then proved too large. Miss
Kane arrayed herself in the costume, but
"when Judjre Daniels was asked to decide
an to the fit he blushingly acknowledged
that he was not that kind of a judge.
Experts were then called in and gave
conflicting: testimony, and Judge Daniels
took the case under advisement.
SANTA ANA. May 21.— T. C. Williams of
Ix>s Angeles was accidentally shot at the Santa
Rosa min<» in Silverado Canyon yesterday even
ing. Williams and three companions were ex
amining a pistol when it was discharged, the
hall entering Wflliamf!' right el<ie and pene
trating: to the left lung. It is doubtful if he
¦Rill recover.
The registration committee of the Pa
cific Association of the Amateur Athletic
Union reinstated Dave Atkinson, the foot
ball player, last night. lie was suspended
for striking the referee at a football
game last November, i
,The fine of $25 Imposed upon the Ariel
Rowing Club recently was reduced to $5;
The club officials permitted an amateur
and a professional to box at one of their
exhibitions.
Save Atkinson Reinstated.
RAILKOAD CONDUCTORS
TO HAVE AN OUTING
The doctors say the wound is serious
and may end fatally. The accident hap
pened before the eyes of more than 6000
people, who had gathered to witness the
afternoon races.
¦- Nicholson was carried by willing hands
to the hospital back of the grand stand,
where he was cared for until prepara
tions were made to bring him to San
Francisco. On arriving in this" city he
was taken to the Lane Hospital, s, .
The steer. Brick by name, which is
owned by McDurmick, was very hostile,
and caused much • trouble while being
taken to the .starting place. Just as
Nicholson was about to mount, the ani
mal lurched toward him, knocking him
down. While he was prostrated the steer
charged and struck him with a horn in
the center of the forehead, causing a
fracture of the skull.
Al Nicholson, who lives at Sixteenth
and- Bryant : streets, was seriously- and
perhaps fatally injured yesterday at Em
eryville Park while trying to mount, a
vicious steer, which he had , been booked
to ride in a race at the butchers' picnic.
ing 1 Scene at Picnic.
Six Thousand People Witness Excit-
Mains was next asked to produce a
scrap of writing from any of these per
sons pertaining to the business of the
corporations named, and he replied that
he had none at present, all letters from
them having been destroyed at his home
by the mother of Walter Scott Gifford
shortly after his arrest. With reference
to $1.3SO,000 which Mains had told Dr.
Bennett was in this city to the credit of
Mains, the witness could give no satisfac
tory explanation. • He had no knowledge
¦ of its whereabouts. He made the asser
tion also that a large number of the
bankers of this city were the members of
the Combined Bankers, but that they
were keeping the matter a profound se
cret.
.' Mains' cross-examination will be re
sumed this morning. ¦ ;-,
Charles R. Mains took the witness
stand yesterday in the United States Dis
trict Court to defend himself from the
charge of having attempted to bunko Dr.
Charles E. Bennett of "Wauseon. Ohio,
out of $3000. He told a story of million
aires unknown to the financial world sa
lcctlng him as their -western representa
tive to examine into railroad, oil and other
propositions to be acquired by an aggre
gation of organizations also unknown to
the commercial community, -which organ
izations had a capital of four billion dol-
HIs story was to the effect that
Marcus Rothchlld. an English million
aire, doing business in London, Paris,
Chicago and New' York, had called
or him in Battle Creek. anchi
can with TV. Davis and another wealthy
mari named Griftord, and employed him
to come to California. He was to investi
gate the truth of reports that good busi
ness enterprises were In brokers' ofncea
In this city and that the brokers were
unable to get the money to finance them.
He was detailed also to examine Into the
feasibility of getting a railroad into
Southern California by some other route
than by way of the Needles because that
was a very expensive route. Mains said
he was made attorney for the American
and European Fuel, Mining and Trans
portation Syndicate and the American and
London Safe Deposit Surety and Invest
ment • Company. He commended his
friend Walter Scott Gifford. a 560 per
month man, unknown to fame as a finan
cier, for the position of joint actuary for
seven syndicates representing the com
bined capital of four billion dollars.
Davis, Grifford and Rothcbild held a
meeting in his -house a few months ago.
he said, and passed resolutions appoint
ing Walter Scott Gifford as the actuary
and transacting other business. Mains
swore further that $25,000,000 was paid to
Davis as the representative of the corpor
ations and the securities were placed by
Davis in a safe deposit box in the vaults
of the California Safe Deposit and Trust
Company.
When asked by Assistant United States
Attorney Banning as to the address and
whereabouts of Rothchlld. Mains replied
that he did not know, lie said that he
rever knew Rothchild's address in New
York. London or Paris and that he sent
letters to that millionaire to the general
deliveries o f the postoffices in -those
cities. He was equally ignorant as to the
addresses of Grifford and Davis.
Corresponds With Rich
Men Without Ad
dresses. •
MAINS RELATES
A QUEER STORY
The directors of the Society for the Pre
vention of Cruelty to Animals met yes
terday afternoon for the purpose of in
vestigating the Charge that Special Officer
Levy had used the name of the society
for the purpose of getting permission to
kill a sick cow and that he had afterward
offered to sell the meat for human con
sumption. After a number of witnesses
had been examined, the accused was fully
exonerated. Levy proved to the satisfac
tion of the directors that the animal, was
really diseased and that he had to kill it
before attempting to take it away. Of
ficer Cottle of the Health Department was
the chief accuser of Levy.
ciety Is Discredited.
as Representative of Humane So-
Charge That He Abused Privileges
SPECIAL OFFICER LEVY
IS FULLY EXONERATED
Prisoner 1081, whose name is Smith, was
cinched in a straitjacket September 7,
1&00, and kept there continuously for twen
ty-eight hours for alleged neglect of duty.
As' a result he was permanently crippled.
As he is still an inmate of the prison he
may be broupht -before the Prison Direc
tors as a living example of the cruelties
The attaches of the prison are grum
bling over the way in which they claim
Wilkinson has treated them. It is
claimed that during the last winter they
weresubjected to many hardships because
o£ Warden" Wilkinson's unwarranted and
impractical attempt to run the prison on
a much shorter financial basis than any
of his predecessors ever succeeded in do
ing. The prisoners were forced, so it is
said, to go through the winter so poorly
clad that they, endured terrible hardships.
Many other tales of cruelty to prisoners
are being told by reliable people who are
willing to testify if the Prison Directors
decide to investigate this phase of the
charges that are being openly made
against the Warden.
The use of the straitjacket at Folsom
.has maimed and crippled more than one
prisoner, and on two occasions prisoners
are claimed to have been pent to their
graves through the inhuman cruelty
which wa-s practiced upon them under
Warden Wilkinson's administration.
At all events. Warden' Wilkinson's
methods will be subjected to a searching:
investigation at the next meeting of the
Prison Directors. He is accused of- all
sorts of failings.
Warden Wilkinson, according to the in
formation given the postal authorities,
took from the mail pouch several letters
addressed, so it is said, to himself and
then locking it up again he allowed it to
be sent on to the Kepresa postoffice. If
this is true Warden Wilkinson will very
likely find himself in serious trouble with
the Government.
USE OF THE STRAITJACKBT.
A few days ago information was lodged
with the postal authorities that recently
Warden Wilkinson went to a railroad sta
tion near Folsom and, intercepting a bag
of mail before it was delivered into the
hands of Postmaster Smith at Kepresa,
which is the postal destination of all mail
addressed to attaches and Inmates of the
Folsom penitentiary, he opened it and ex
tracted letters therefrom.
Several days ago it came to the knowl
edge oi' the United States postal authori
ties that something was radically wrong
with the mail service at Folsom and In
spector Hare was detailed to investigate.
It is said that on many occasions guards
and other employes at the State Peniten
tiary have complained that they had well
founded suspicions that their letters were
being tampered with by somebody high
in authority at the prison.
upon to answer serious charges, as
numerous complaints have been recently
pcured into the ears of the Prison Direct
ors from reliable sources." Warden Wil
kinson may also be harassed with the
serious accusation of having tampered
with the United States mails, a charge
which is now being secretly investigated
for the Government at Washington by
Postal Inspector Frank Hare.
p*T|-53 HE indications are that when the
I State Board of Prison Directors
I meet next Saturday, Warden
11 Thomas Wilkinson willbe called
GOBED BY VICIOUS STEER.
The Prison Directors will probably be
anxious to listen to every bit of evidence
that tends to prove mismanagement on
ll:e part of Warden Wilkinson. Several
of the Directors may not be able to at
tend the meeting set for next Saturday,
and in that case R. M. Fitzgerald, chair
roan of the board, will postpone the hear
ing until all the members of the board
can be present.
Even while off duty the attaches of the
prison are under the ban of Warden Wil
kinson's czarlike methods. They claim
that he has made several rules which are
infringements against their personal
rights.
The prisoners at the F°' s °m p r laon T H •
so poorly fed, as a result of Warden Wil
kinson's attempt to make a record by
unnecessarily reducing expenses, that
they are liable to join in a serious riot
very much like the affair that occurred
several years ago at San Quentin. The
prisoners' meat rations have been cut
nearly one-half, and the prisoners com
plalrTthat they often are sent out to work
in the morning on an empty stomach and
locked up in. their cells at night, still feel
ing the pangs of hunger— all the result or
Warden Wilkinson's economical traits.
The guards of the prison are forced to
sleep on unclean sheets, and even their
allowance' of soap has been curtailed.
They are paid $50 per month, and out of
that Warden Wilkinson makes them pay
laundry bills for washing done by Chinese
prisoners in the prison laundry. The bed
clothing has heretofore been changed
once a week, but since Warden Wilkin
son has put his sudden economical ideas
into effect he has issued orders that the
bed sheets, which are made out of flour
packs, be changed only once a month.
Many more such petty acts have arrayed
nearly all of the attaches of the prison
against Warden Wilkinson, and it is like
ly that when the Prison Directors com
mence their investigation considerable
"dirty linen will be washed."
DIRTY LINEN TO BE WASHED.
Prisoner No. 4S69, James Dear, was
placed in a straitjacket March 6, 1901, and
when he was released eleven hours later
he was in a state of physical collapse. He
was thrown into his cell, where he lay all
night without medical attention. , He died
the following • morning and the autopsy
showed his death to be due to congestion
of the kidneys, liver, lungs and brain. ',
Prisoner No. 481S, named Weitz, was
kept in a straitjacket for twelve hours
August 20 and -for. twenty-five and a half
hours on another occasion. As a result 01
Warden Wilkinson's alleged brutal meth
od of treating the men given over to his
charge both of Weitz's hands are perma
nently crippled. Hd Is still an inmate of
the institution and his injuries may be In
spected bv the Prison Dl rect0 J s 1 - lf ; t ? 1 ? y
see fit to inquire into the alleged brutality
ot the Warden. ¦ ¦ . T ¦ Anf ..
Prisoner Molino. designated as No. 4091.
was allowed to lie in his cell for four
weeks without medical attention. He was
suffering: from a broken leg and the in
jured member knit by itself, leaving the
unfortunate man a hopeless cripple.
On January IS. 1902. Molino was placed
on the operating table to have the leg
broken over again, but he died during the
operation.- Such treatment or human be
ings has arrayed a host of influential cit
izens against Warden Wilkinson s admin
istration. They will Insist that a thorough
investigation* into the charges be made Dy
the Prison Directors.
HORRIFYING CRUELTIES.
practiced under the orders of Warden
Wilkinson.
Government Officials Investigating Allega
tion That He Tampered- With Prison
Mail — Convicts Starved and Ill-treated
WARDEN WILKINSON OF FOLSOM
MUST ANSWER SERIOUS CHARGES
THE- SAN FEA^WSCO ; 'cALL, , THTJR SP A Y, MAY 22, 1 902.
14
, -jpyta Weak Eye* Strengthened.
< £»?*2-' Falnful or Inflamed eye» lo-
t jSfiflQMU^ ttantly relieved wlthGtoKGE
jrtV** HAYKRLE'S German Ey»
— <**<*• Water. Mic. at 1071 Market
' ¦*• Tel - Soutn B " 2 - None ** n "
„ .^*-*mr*~. niBm w i t jjout tbla trademarks
nuriunLi
m -^»V' ¦eenrity ! A Perfect Retainer, gfl
H /jm\. lt does the work! a7~ Call or SB
/&y\ for "booklet mo. 1,** fifrl
__„ Address: Magnetic E.Tnus Co, fcSfl
206 Pert Street, San Francisco, Cal. 85- J
Or 33 W. 34th St., Sen Yoxk; Unttos tii» Piper fiEfi
220 BROADWAT, N. T.
Bc«t NATURAL Alkaline] Water
For Stomach Disorders*
Com and Dyspepsia
DRINK
Heal Estate Azents and Auctioneers,
CHRONICLE BUILDING.
McGLYISN & MENTOIV.
At 11 o'clock a. m. The sale will be held ca
the property. Fifty per cent can remain on
mortgage. Fine Barbecue Lunch will be pro-
vided on the grounds before and during the sale.
Parties from San Francisco will take th«
Coast Division Train at 2:45 p. m. on Friday
May 23, and arrive in Hollister at «:15 p. m
same day. Returning, leave Hollister after th»
sale at '£ p. m. on Saturday. May 24, and ar-
rive In San Francisco at 7:30 p. m. same day.
Send for catalogue. •
SATURDAY, MAY 24, 1902,
THE SCULLY RANCH.
Three and one-half miles from Holllster San
Beni to County. Finest Fruit Land In the World.
840 ACRES in subdivisions of from 20 to
100 acres, or any size to suit purchaser, will b*
sold at auction on
AUCTION! AUCTION!
— OF —
THE BEST WAY!
THE ONLY WAY !
Is the Way That Leads to ' Our
Store, Where You'll Find Good
Values in Plenty.
HERE'S TO-DAY'S LIST.
Not All, of Course; Just a Few
to Give You an Idea.
Women's Outing SKirts.
QQf, for the BKST SKIRT evor offer~i
wOv at this t>rice, perfect fitting, styl-
ish, made of blnck and white polka dot
%} duck, with graceful flare flounce and fin-
: IkIiwI with bands of solid black duck; all
¦. sizes. ;
; Children's Dresses.
¦•;¦ Sizes 2, 4 and 6.
A.^i.C for excellent quality GINGHAM
rOt DRESSES; a C5c value; but we
> marked thnm Kpecial to-day; skirt extra
: full, deep hem, yoke, breteilps. collar and
. sleeves are prettily trimmed with fancy
braid. .
Children's Capes.
¦fl»l Af\ for L those 52.50 WHITE
¦t|>l.«rf-Vl PIQUE .'CIRCULAR CAPES.
' lined', with- fine Marseilles and trimmed
¦with .T rows of wide embroidery. They're
¦ n splendid: value; keeps us busy making
iS them up.
i-. Children's Hats.
• -Pretty, '.dainty and stylish: worth double
the price they're marked — still you know
they must go to make room for new btock
*7PZ.r> 'for our 51.25 quality ' CHIL«
i* OW DREN'S HATS, made of fine del-
.-<¦ cate colored lawn, with Tam O'Shanter
crown, of fancy lace straw, and finished
with smart bow of. lawn. ; .
LAST DAY
0! Great Embroidery Sale.
4-Inch wide embroidery: exquisite designs;
¦ 15c and 20c value; to-day, per . lf\r-
. yard . y .. ll/C
A Big Day in Laces.
rOINT VENUTE LACES, all colors, on sale
:.. at-lOc to SOc.r.er yard.
¦ : * ¦". ¦¦ ¦;.'. ¦ '.ALSO. \
eZf* * J' ard for - to 4 INCH i WIDE
Ow VALENCIENNES and TORCHON
1212-1214 MARKET ST.,
&99| ! Between Taylor and Jones.
, .WE CLOSE AT 6 O'CLOCK.
TpipIPSOTJJ Don't worry about getting
|i|ryjS the right kind of shoes for
ill £?fj ; your summer outing.
aQ liflTC^Jfl Let us do 1he worr y m &-
vWRli Bring your feet in with you
\y NjtY/W and tel1 us where you are
V ( j: i\jf)' going and what all you are
(V> \ Vt'V g°' n 8" t° do— we'll do the
Ka /t\ JfeSy r est.
FJ» mT e r '&ht snoes f° r every
i'V/jflli sort of occasion are here —
1! WIGS'* f rom cross-country tramp-
|| in# to dancing, and all the
iji wSflf betweens.
M,, till" i'J Every 1 eat h e r— e v e r y
weight— and the proper
shape and style for whatsoever caprice
fashion has decreed.
Look at all the windows of the town— the
more shoes you see, the more you'll think
of Walk-Over Shoes. Wear a pair a a rr\
and you're a life member of the 0 JiOU
Walk-Over Club. liT^
Why pay Five and Six Dollars? L ""
WALK=OVER SHOE STORE
F. F. WRIGHT & SON
ftf fe'gffg'ff: 924-26 Market Street. SSSS&L
Ifln ED Vl ffjn' '- ' iW0f i mil— urn iiMuuMiM li mi I . . __ . ill ill ' MTWi
Boom in Dinnerware.
It's all so^new, so pretty, so low priced. Stocks were almost doubled last
week. Choosing was never so pleasant. But the best part of it is the way
we've marked everything. . .
As Cheap by Piece as by the Set.
You may get your set a little at a time, not paying more for it finally
than if you paid for it all at once.
Then if you break a piece it can b- replaced. Such advantages added to
these low prices make these offers important.
Coftage Sets at $6W. Cottagp Sets at $6.90.
Knjrlish porcelain, with a decorated border: 60 pieces in fline English porcelain. In J!*ht
plain. In Canton blue; all gold-lined; 50 weight: new embossed border, with neat
Dieces - floral spray.
' . , 100 piecea of the same style. $14.30.
Cottage Sets at $6.75. Cottage Sets at $6.80.
Gnndley's famous blown blue. In new shape
100-piece set at $1425. 100-piece sets at $13.25.
English Semi- Porcelain Sets at $7.50.
SO pieces; scalloped and beaded edges, with small pink roses. A new and very neat dec- i
oration. ¦ . • .
100 pieces, enough for 12 persons, $15.90.
Sudden Offering of 10,000
Top Collars 5C.
Worth ioc and I2#c.
Half price and less. All new and neat and in penect con-
dition. Think of it. Right when you want them most, too.
First time this morning.
This factory was too busy making handkerchiefs to bother with top col-
lars. So they gave us all they had to close out at a bargain.
They are of lawn and Swiss, with hemstitched borders, pointed effect,
edged with lace, and, hemstitched effect trimmed with lace and fancy open
work embroidered designs. ¦
Hawaiian Hats Oup Postoffice
i idwaiimi i mis I? proving a big convcnience for our
5Q CeiltS. customers. We want you all to make
-«r^«m*.»CT free use of it.
Imitation Hawaiian Braid — Just the hat for -^ j_.
vacation wear. Light as a feather, but dur- fi& /ff?f -VT' /3r/ 4K\
able; has a good style; trimmed with a pret- }Tf, <^Sfo Me/ ¦**!!** S'. 4*1 ' - •!
ty scarf, either silk, satin or embroidered 7Vf//£f/ <*f&&li l£L<& fSfiSji' — Jf**B»
linen. The colors of the hat are all natural OB/ JMf &S*SSr
colors; all the trimmings are Roman stripe /MY *^!*y+~ - "^^
satin; black and white effects, tan and brown .*— ¦'-^^1 WQfllO QCOD^^
mottled. '
Special Offerings in
Ladies' Knitted Underwear
Ladies' Swiss Ribbed Silk Ladies' ribbed white cotton
Plaited VESTS, in white; UNION SUITS, in high nedk,
low neck, no sleeves; nc with long or short <t>i r\r\
special at / JC sleeves; special at .... <4>1.UU
Ladies' Swiss Ribbed Silk Ladies' fine ribbed lisle
and Lisle VESTS, in white; thread equestrienne TIGHTS,
high neck, long(t>i Qrr in black or white; ankle -ytr^.
sleeves; special at vpl.-ZJ or knee length /«-/L
Great Drapery Value
Fancy Figured Sateens — The very latest in soft finished
cotton draperies, 36 inches, wide, in beautiful floral designs,
on pink, blue, delphe and cream colored grounds — f\l\
making the prettiest of bed room curtains, also used /||p
for comforter, coverings — special at, per yard Lt\j\d
A Wash Goods Sale
An immense variety of standard GINGHAMS are on sale
to-day — They are in the very newest stripes and checks, in
choicest of colorings — one of the season's best wash -g/V
fabrics for waists and childrens' dresses, price while 11 I/*
they last, per yard Iv/W
Toilet Set Special
Dainty Swiss Toilet Sets with bureau scarf and cushion
cover to match, in a great variety of styles — some are
prettily braided, some come with imitation battenberg lace and
insertion, others are handsomely trimmed in lace — /f) | /|P
all come lined in pretty shades of pink, blue, J'Kj /^
green and yellow — special at, per set M^i # Arf€/
Ladies' Bathing Suits
Another big value for to-day — An exceptionally well selected
lot of Ladies' Navy Blue Flannel Bathing Suits, prettily,
trimmed with white braid — all sizes 32 to 44 — fits C\
and looks like a very expensive suit, price is only
Boys' Bathing Suits
We sell all kinds of Bathing Suits for Boys — For to-day's
special we offer Boy's Cotton Bathing Suits, neatly made;
come in two parts — colors are black and navy blue /|*-fl AA
with red and white stripes — Our price for all 1 Bill
sizes, per suit..... tj/i* V"
Kid Glove Department
Melior I ~T~~ I Best makes and '
Burlingame (ki #»ij I Best fitting
Weldon and Ladies' Gloves
La Frances P A * R in the world
In all the leading shades for
STREET AND EVENING WEAR
| Kearn? and Suffer Sts. \\— —
Hale's.
NET7MAN & LEVINS0N.
Hale's.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Thursday
•and Friday
; op CGI O IS
Many purchasers have called for
our Thursday and Friday specials
on Saturday— of course, we were
compelled to disappoint them.
'These goods displayed In our wln-
. dows are on sale at the special
prices only on Thursday and Fri-
day—Saturday you must pay the
regular prices.
Infants' and children's vici kid
button or lace shoes at the follow-
ing prices for Thursday and Friday
only:
Sizes 2 to 5^. infants'.... 40c
Sizes 5 to 8, spring heels. BOn
Sizes $Vfc to 11, laced only... 95c,
Ladies' vici kid Oxfords; choco-
late color; turned soles; low heels.
Special for Thursday and Friday
only 81.30
Ladies' fine kid Oxfords, with kid
tips and extended soles, exceeding-
ly good value. Special for Thurs-
day and Friday only.... $1.85
Ladies' bicycle boots of chocolate
vici kid. with brown or gray can-
vas tops; fine for outings. Special
for Thursday and Friday only
$12.15
Ladies' lace shoes and Oxfords;
tan Russia; hand-sewed soles; low
or military heels; our 53.50 grade.
Special for Thursday and Friday
->nly ...82.85
Men's lace shoes and Oxfords; tan
Russia calf; medium wide toes; well
made and stylish-looking. Special
for Thursday and Friday
only ....$2.65
Men's Oxfords: tan, blucher cut;
very stylish, yet comfortable last.
Special for Thursday and Friday...
• $2.85
Men's velour calf Oxfords;- the
popular blucher cut; an ideal sum-
mer low shoe. ' Special for Thurs-
day and Friday only $3.15
Youths' and boys' shoes; tan calf:'
high-grade goods: full toes; just
the thing for growing boys. Spe-
cial for Thursday and Friday —
Sizes 9 to 13 81.05
Sizes 13«£ to 2 1.85
Sizes Z\<i to 5»£. ....,, 2.05-
Country orders filled— write us to-
day. .
~ . 833 MARKJET sfi.S.F^'
SPECIAL SALE
THURSDAY-FRIDAY-SATURDAY .
CREAMERY BUTTER, square ..35c
KIsewhere 40c
MAPLE SUGAR. 1-lb brick 15c
New crop Just arrived — pure:
regularly 20c.
KONA COFFEE, lb 20c
Strictly fancy; roasted or ground.
Regularly 23c.
PARLOR MATCHES * Pkff» 25c
The Ideal— best and safest.
Eegnlarly 3 for 25c.
CRUMB TRAY AND BRUSH-... 35c
Of elegant finish.
Regularly 73c.
EASTERN BACOU". lb 18c
Sinclair's sugar-cured breakfast
bacon.
Regularly 20c. '
TOOTH BRUSHES, each 10c
A fine line of Imported tooth
brushes.
Regularly sold at from 20c to SOc.
ROCK AND RYE. bottl© SOe
Bef£ Rock Candy and pure
Rye Whisky. • " -
Regularly S5c. !
BERLIN" DUSTERS, each 25c
Small fancy dusters;
soft and pretty.
: Regularly 35c. .
Country orders ¦ solicited.
Catalogue cheerfully furnished on appllca-
39 STOCKTON ST., neap Market.
TELEPHONE MAIN 6522.
We still have your size. Although the fact that we are
selling the cream of 1902 shoes at* "sale" prices, a thing
unique in local history, has caused a tremendous volume of
business for days; yet it must-'be remembered that we had
hardly put in our 1902 stock before the decision was made to
reorganize in the Sorosis Shoe Parlor with entirely differ-
ent lines of shoes. They won't last forever, of course. You
had better call while you can get bargains like these: ;
MEN'S BURT & PACKARD KORRCCT SHAPE SHOES, in Russet.
chocolate, Vici Kid and Ox-Blood:... ....... .SALE PRICE '$1.85.'
Formerly $4.00 and $5.00 per pair. ' ..
> MEN'S RUSSET LACE, Harvard Toe and.Tip, all sizes. ............. !
SALE PRICE JpillO
Formerly $2.00 and $2.50 per pair. ,
LADIES' CHOCOLATE KID BUTTON AND LACE. Coin Toe and
1 lp ' ¦•-" •"•• ; ¦ • • • • ••¦• ••••-..... .SALE PRICE 60c
formerly $2.00 and $2.50 per pair ..
• MISSES' KID BUTTON AND LACE, Neat . Coin 'Toe and Patent"
Leather Tip .SALE PRICE 75o
Formerly $1.75 and $2.00 rier pair
CHILDREN'S KID BUTTON AND LACE, Coin Toe and Tip.
" ••••••••••• • • • • • • • • • • -. .SALE PRICE GSc
Formerly $1.50 per pair.
MISSES; AND CHILDREN'S VICI KID OXFORDS. Patent I eat-her
1 ips u • ¦¦•• SALE PRICE 25c
Formerly, $1.50 per pair.
INFANTS' KID BUTTON, Patent Leather Tips, i . .SALE PRICE »5c
Formerly. 50c per nair. \ v"£%
INFANTS' SOFT SOLE LACE AND^BUTTON, Assorted Colors^ ¦
I """¦ ¦¦¦•'"'Former^
f 50 THIRD STREET, ||
Second Shoe Store from Market.
a; has a professional R
fl frame fitter to keep fi
fi your glasses in shape f J
f| at absolutely no charge B
©64 2^M ARKET St?W