VOLUME XC1.-NO. 101.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, MARCH 11, 1002.
FRESH DISASTER TO THE BRITISH ARMS
IN SOUTH AFRICA INFLICTED BY DELAREY
BRITISH OFFICERS WHO FIG
' URE IN THE NEWS OF BOER
VICTORY IN SOUTH AFRICA.
After General Methuen'a defeat at
Magersfontcln It was reported that he
had shown signs of breaking down al
most Immediately he took command of
Ills division, tmd General Wolseley, who
wns the commandcr-ln-chlef of the Brit
ish forces. Is said to have suggested to
the War Office, after, the battle of Bel
mont, that Methuen should be relieved.
General Methuen commanded the col
umn sent to relieve Klmberley In the lat
ter part of 1S00. and while on that ier
vlee. fought the Boers at Belmont, Oras
pan, the Modder River and Magersfon
teln. At tho buttle of Oraspan the Boers
were under command of General Delarey,
who. !¦ General Mothuen's captor now.
After these, engagements General Lord
Roberts was sent to South Africa, whero
he took personal command of the British
advance on Klmberley, and relieved
Klmberley February 16, 1000.
The feeling of depression in the lobbies
of the House of Commons over the news
' of the disaster in South Africa was very
marked. The service members of the
House expressed the opinion that it will
'necessitate'sending fresh troops to the
front, while the belief was widely ex
pressed that the Boers will not fall to
take advantage of General Methuen's
prominence to hold him as a hostage for
the safety of Commandant Kritzlnger
and other Boer leaders now in the hands
of the British. •- - '
METHUEN'S RECORD IN WAR.
most melancholy affair.
Peculiar Explanation
Is Made by Lord
Roberts.
Continued on Page Two.
ROBERTS , TELLS , LORDS.
, Jl,ord Roberts, commander In chief, who
announced the f British : disaster • in tho
It is of interest to note that Kraalpan
In thfl place where the first < (•ngagoment
of the wur took pla&p on October. 10, 18U9,
tho day uftor Kruger's ultimatum ex
pired. It ¦ wn« .thcro that the Boers at
tacked, derailed, and captured tho. urm
ored.train carrying gunn from Vryburg to
Mafeklng. which, was their first .victory.
As Lord Kitchener announced that Ma
jor Paris surrendered, and also tele
graphed that' he had reached ' ICraalpan
with the remainder, of the men, It : may '.be
Inferred that tho Boers MUbfloquontly re
k'twed the mnjor and hi* companions.
Then follows the numbers of casualties,
as already cabled. The killed include
Lieutenants G. It. Vennlng and , T. : P. W.
NoHharn of the\Royal Artillery, who were
both killed while serving their guns with
shot. • , \ ¦•
mule wagons, with a terrible mixture .of
mounted men, rushed past the ox wagons.
All efforts to check them were, unavailing.
Major Paris collected forty men and oc
cupied a position a* mile in front of the
ox wagons, which were then halted. After
a gallant but useless defense the enemy
rushed into the ox wagons and Methuen
was wounded in the thigh.- Paris, being
surrounded, surrendered at 10 a. m.
Mothuen is still in the Boer camp.", .:
Tho Premier, Lord Salisbury, also ex
pressed', deep sympathy with General
Methuen under tho. unfortunate clrcum
stances.. He said It was not the time to
dlscuBs his action*. Ho had always acted
with the grehtcst gallantry, and the'Pre
mier; therefore thought they' should defer
criticism ¦or;examination of the very, sad
Intelligence _\ until ¦¦ details arrived. , Hla
Lordship was convinced General Methuen
had : done his best in accordance with this
Lord Spencer,, Liberal, the former Pres
ident of the Council, said he thoroughly
buliuved In Oenoral Methuen's zeal. Ha
did' not want. to offer a hint of criticism
ut the present time
House of Lords, said General Methuen
for nearly two years had carried on his
work with zeal, Intelligence and great
perseverance, adding that the general
was beloved of his men and no work was
too dangerous nor difficult for them, or
General Methuen. The commander in
chief was sure the House was deeply
grieved at what had occurred. He would
aak their lordships to concur with him in
•his nympathy for the gallant officer In his
present unfortunate position and defer
¦adverse criticism until they had more In
formation as to what was directly: re
sponsible. Prom Delarey'* conduct
throughout the war. they could all be as
sured . that General Methuen would be
1 taken good caro of.
Latest Victory of the Boers Is Near Scene
of Beginning of the War.
"Parl* has como In ut KroHlpan with
the remainder of thfl men. Ho reports
Hint the column was moving In two par
ties. Otic, with tho ox wagons, left Two-
Uosch at 3 n. m. The other, with the
mule wngotiK, started nn hour later. Just
befor'o dawn tho Bocr» tiltncked. Before
i enforcements could rench them thr> rear
guard broke. In the meantime' a large
number of Boers galloped up on both
flanks.- These, at Hrat, were checked . by
the flank parties, but tho panic and stam
pede of the mules had begun, and' all the
In ti *ccotid dispatch, dated Sundny,
Mnrch 0, Lord Kitchener «uys:
MAJOR -PARIS RELEASED.
"Five hundred and fifty men have come
In at Marlbogs and Kraaipan. They were
pursued by the Boers four miles from
the scene of the action. They report that
Methuen and Paris with the guns, bag
gage, etc., were captured by the Boera.
Methuen, when Jaet Been, was a prisoner.
I have no details of the casualties, and
suggest delaying publication until I enn
send definite news. I think thin sudden
revival of activity on tho part of Delarey
In to draw off tho troop* pressing Dewet."
"PRETORIA, Saturday, l March 8.— I
greatly regret to have to send you bad
news of Methuen. He was moving with
900 mounted men, under Major* Paris, and
300 Infantry, four guns and a pompon
from Wynberg to Litchtenberg and was
to meet Grenfell, with 1300 mounted men,
at Rovierainsfonteln to-day. Yesterday
morning early he was attacked by De
larey's force, between Twe-Bosch and
Palmieteknlll. The Boers charged on
three sides.
The text of Lord Kitchener's dispatch
announcing the capture of General
Methuen Is as follows:
two hundred men were reported missing.
LORD KITCHENER'S REPORT.
PISXINO, March R-Cnlled BtnttH Alln
iBltr Conger gave, u l>:m<nicl lo-nlght to
j« larpr party of Chinese Prlucew nrid offi
cial*. Including hII the prominent mem
bers ol the Foreign Office.
Conger Banquets Chinese Princea.
-w- ONDON, March 10.— It was an-
B nounced to-day that General
B Lord Methuen and four guns
m . had been captured by the
'Am^ Boers commanded by General'
Delarey. The news came like
a thunderbolt to London. The
extra editions of the evening papers giv
ing an account of the disaster were
eagerly bought up. Their readers hur
ried through the streets with anxious
faces and bitter remarks were passed on
the subject of the Government's declara
tion that the war in South Africa was
over. The news came too late to affect
business on the Stock Exchange, but ex
cited curb dealings quickly followed the
closing, in which South Africans slumped
heavily.
The news caused great excitement in the
mining market. Throgmorton street was
thronged with South African operators
early, inquiring for details of the British
defeat and watching the effect of the an
nouncement. Shares were offerM, freely
at nrst, but by 6 o'clock the/>icltement
had iiltuird and the curb tone hardened.
The news wan received in the Houhr of
Common* amid great excitement. Tho
reading of I^ord Kitchener'* teleBrnm by
Mr. Drodrlck, the Wur Secretary, was IIh
t«nfd to In deep itllcnce, which, wan
broken by loud Irish cheer*. Inotantly
there were erle* of "shame," "shame,"
from the Government benches. Then tho
IHuh members neenied to think hotter of
their outbreak and suddenly oubrddod.
The nubKequenl «ulogl8ll" reference* to
General Methuen were received with
cheers]
In brief. Lord Kitchener announced that
when General Methucn was captured,
wounded, with four guns, three British
officers and thirty-eight men, were killed
and five officers and seventy-two men
were wounded. In addition one' officer and
¦ ¦ • ¦
Three Officers and Thirty-Eight Men Are
Killed and Many Wounded.
The audience which packed the theater
was a- representative one and had waited
patiently for almost two hours for the
Prince to appear and Che play to begin,
which It did about 10 o'clock.. Ylif piny
wns "Im vv'el.tMcn Roess'l," known In
English as "The White Horne Tavern."
Prince Henry relaxed to a great extent
during the performance ..and laughed
heartily at the humorous* nltuatton». At
the close the orchestra leader read an «d
drrs.-) In German to the Prince, who
bowed repeatedly to the actors and 1 tho
audience. It was midnight when the royal
party left the theater and were escorted
.to the Deutschland for tho ul^ht. ,
About 9 o'clock the party again boarded
the John Powers for New York and were
driven to the Irving Place Theater. The
decoration at the entrance of the thea
ter was of the most elaborate kind. t\
canopy covered with flowem and electric
lights being stretched from curb to door.
NEW YORK. March lO.-Prince Henry
and his party arrived from Philadelphia
at 5.25 p. m., and were taken on the navy
yard tug *John Bowers to Hoboken,
whence they were escorted to the steam
ship Deutschland, on which the Prince 13
to sail for Europe to-morrow. On the
steamship the Prince gave a dinner to
those who had been hla hosts while in
New York. There were no speeches, the
Prince simply toasting the Kaiser and
President Roosevelt, and Assistant Secre
tary of State Hill toasted the Prince.
Forty-six guests were present.
ON BOABD TEE STEAMER.
After the luncheon the Prince was
driven to the Pennsylvania Railroad sta
tion, where he boarded his train at '3:29
o'clock.
"I wish to thank you for the kind re
ception I met with in the Union League.
Gentlemen, this is probably the last op
portunity I will have during my vlait to
the United States to speak in public, and
I am not sorry that this should be so.
What I am going to communicate to you
here I am saying before the world. There
has been absolutely no secret object in
view connected with my mission to your,
country. Should any of you read or hear
anything to the contrary, I authorize you
herewith to flatly contradict It. I was
told before leaving my home to open my
eyes as well as my ears, as wide as pos
sible; to speak as little as I could. In
this latter instance I am afraid my mis
sion is a failure. I saw many mure
things than many of you may be aware
of. I equally heard a great many things,
among others many kind words of indi
viduals as well as the shouts of welcome
of thousands of your countrymen. AVhat
I express in your presence I express in
the presence of your nation— my heartfelt
thanks for the cordial reception and good
feeling I met with during my stay in your
country. It will be my duty to inform
the Emperor of thi».fact. I am home
ward bound to-morrow. It would
be wrong of me to say I " am
sorry to so home, but at the. same
time I feel sorry to leave a country in.
which I have met with so much kindness
and hospitality. Let me add, gentlemen,
let us try and be friends."
The Prince - made a brief address, say*
ing:
PRINCES LAST SPEECH.
After hla visit to the City Hall, to Inde
pendence IlrtU and the Crumps' shipyard.
Prince Henry niadu u MlgnlhYunt speech.
It wad ut the Union League, where ha
way the honored kw- t tit n private lunch*
eon attended by i<"i prominent t-ltUan*.
The hniiMHti room «hm beimttfully tfieo*
rated. The center of tha t«bl« represent*
id u lake. In which n-,i,.,i mi electrical
and. fior.il miniature* of Emperor wit-
Mam's yacht Meteor. 'vu« . nt. r r-.Htu.i
of the floral decoration* wm« n new pink
carnation named I'rince lienry. Un th«
waII directly fActnt; Prince Henry hi h*
*iit at tlio table wm a \lt?-r.\f<\ oil paint
ing of Emperor William, tastefully
draped with derman colors. The guest*
at the luncheon were presented Individ
ually to Prince Henry, and later the mem
bera of the Cnion League, who had slith
ered to honor the Prince, were presented
collectively.
PHILADELPHIA. March 10.— Prince
Henry of Prussia finished his American
tour In this city to-day, and for flvfc hours
was the, guest of the municipality. HI*
reception was most cordial anil hla wel
come heartfelt.
"J'hf K|.--rtuHc of the United Hditen
CttttUri**," On; report continues, "author*
IfchiK Ihc lYrrid. hi n* the Hgvnl of nor
aovrfmnrni «" conduct a trade with nurd
n rctrporntlon without consulting France
cut to the riuini of Independence It itHserfa
would bo entirely ik-w in the hlKlory of
HOtiOliK."
"A prohibition equally strong Is con
tained in the concession of Colombia to
th«3 Panama Canal Company, and until the
Jawa of Colombia are changed there can
be no rjfft-r to Bell on the part of the new
company or of the liquidation of the old
or railroad property and it* concessions."
Parsing to thf right* of the French Gov
ernment; the report fay* that Interna
tional comity rcijulrcM an undemanding
with Kmnei- to remove any i»o**lbl<; doubt
68 to tl»«- validity of *ueh n transaction
mi in proponed.
" 'Present privileges cannot be conceded
or transferred to any foreign govern
ment under pain of forfeiture of its priv
ilege by the mere act of attempting .or
verifying such concession or transfer,
which act from the present time is de
clared null and of no effect."
TITLE IS NOT CLEAR.
"The proposition of the new Panama
Canal Company to sell the canal and Its
appurtenances in Panama and its hold
ings of stock In the Panama Railroad
Company presents Questions that are not
willed by any definite action that has
bwn taken by the governments of France
or of Colombia. The legal title to
about ii'4,(VK) Of' the 70,000 shares of the cap
ital.stock of the railroad company is held
cither by the new Panama Canal Com
pany, or by the liquidation of the old or
Universal Canal Company. This stock,
representing the equitable ownership of
tho railroad company, and the power to
control the company through the election
of its officers and the direction of its af
fairs, include* the ownership of its con
cessions from Colombia, and subjects the
railroad company and holders of its stock
to the provisions of article XXVIII of the
concessions, as follows:
Senator Pritchard was not present and
<3id not take part in any of the proceed
ings, while Senator Kittredge has given
r.otice thu he will file a minority report.
All the other members of the sub-com
mittee concur in the report made to-day,
which was drawn up by Senator Foster.
The report cays in part:
Senator Foster to-day laid before the
full committee the report of the sub-com
mlttce appointed to consider the question*
of law involved In tho offer of the Pan
ama company. This report takes very
strong ground against the Panama
Etheme, and Is expected to go far toward
*«\ Inning the long contest loi Nicaragua.
The ssub -committee consists of Senator*
Foster of Louisiana, Morgan, Mitchell
Prltchard. Turner and Kittredge, and
was appointed to consider the legality of
the Panama title and other questions of
law involved in the o^fer to sell.
AGAINST PANAMA SCHEME.
Friends of the Nicaragua bill Immedi
ately afterward decided to bring it to «
v<jt# In the rommltfp* on Thursday, and
*ince there tine been nn chntyse in the sen
timent ftf tnrinbcru th* bill will be favor*
sDly reported by u'vnte of " lo 4."Vhe
plt4ti now 1b to have the Hepburn bill fol
low the (.hipping bill on the calendar of
the Senate, and tlif indications now are
that It* friends will succeed In having
thlp done.
CALL nURKAlT, 1W, G STREKT. N.
TV., WASHINGTON, March 10- With the
exception of one witness, no further tes
timony will be taken by the Senate Coin
tnlttf-e on Interoceiinle Oannlx, and fin
pext Thursday n vote will be taken and
thfl Hepburn Mil reported. The rJerlKlnn
to hear no more. testimony wan mude in
committee to*d»»y. • It had been feared
that cib*truetjnnt*ts would e«ll for more
witness*** uiic. denumd the right to davit
tln-m heard, but ibej did not appear in
tflntent t<j«rtny and ll w«* derided Ml once
to close the cwm».
Ppeclal Dlrpatch to The Call. .'
Visitor Completes His
Tour and Will De
part To-Day.
Makes a Strong Plea
for Friendship of
Americans.
Henry Says There Is
No Secret Object
of Trip;f;
PRINCE
EXPLAINS
MISSION
Title of the French
Company Is Not
Very Clear.
Senate Committee to
Report Against
Panama.
Friends of Nicaragua
Canal Route Are
Active.
HEPBURN
BILL IS
FA VORED
J ONDON, March ft. — London was simply stunned last night by the news of a great disaster to the British arms in;South Africa.- When the evening papers first came out and the boys zvere shouting on the streets, "Great British dis
aster, twelve hundred troops captured, Lord Mcthucn zvounded and a prisoner," the people stood aghast and then- began buying up all the papers in sight. It xvas only too true, for tlie neivs of the disaster came from Lord Kitchener him
self. 'I he news zvas carried cast and zeest to workmen's clubs and to the hotels of the West End, and everywhere it created consternation without a glimmer of hope that the news might be exaggerated. There ivas some discontent that the first of
three dispatches which have been received at the War Office since Saturday morning, as stated by Secretary Brodrick in the House of Commons,' had been held back till this evening. Everywhere the greatest sympathy is expressed for
Lord Mcthucn that the greatest disaster to the British arms since the first three terrible.de feats at the beginning of the war had befallen him. It is one of the most galling and serious checks ivhich the British have sustained since the war
commenced. ¦
GENERAL LORD METHUEN WOUNDED
AND TAKEN PRISONER BY THE BOERS
The San Francisco Call.The petition prays that the Northern
Securities Company, Its stockholders offi
cers^ etc.* be perpetually enjoined from
purchasing .voting, etc., any of The
shares of the capital stock of either the
Northern Pacific or Great Northern com
panles, and thar a. mandatory injunction
may issue requiring tho Northern Securi-
Asks for Injunction.
If the defendant, the Northern Securities I
Company, has not acquired a large majority of
the capital stock of the defendant, the Oreat
Northern Railway Company, it is because the j
Individual defendants named and their esso- ';
elates in the combination or , conspiracy as ;
charged in this petition, or some of them, sfnee |
it became apparent that the legality or their
device for the merger of the stock of ;
competing railroad lines through the instrumen- ;
tallty of a central or holding corporation would i
be assailed in the courts, have purposely with- I
held, or caused to be withheld, a large amount i
of the capital stock of said railway company
from transfer for the stock of the Northern Se
curities Company, and have purposely discour
aged and prevented the transfer and exchange
of such stock for the stock of the Northern Se
curities Company, all for. the purpose of con
cealing the real scope and object of the unlaw
ful combination or conspiracy, and of deceiving
and misleading the State and Federal authori
ties and of furnishing a. ground for the defense
that the Northern Securities Company does not
hold a clear majority of the stock of the Great
Northern Railway Company.
The Northern Securities Company was not or
ganized In good faith to purchase and pay for
the stocks of the Gre.t Northern and Northern
Pacific companies. It was organized solely to
Incorporate the pooling of the stocks of Jhe said
companies and to carry into effect. the unlawful
combination or conspiracy aforesaid. The
Northern Securities Company is a mere depos
itory, custodian, holder and trustee for thft
stocks of the Great Northern and Northern Pa
cific companies, and Its shares of stock are but
beneficial certificates issued against said rail
road stocks to designate the interest of the
holders in the pool. The Northern Securities
Company does ¦ not have, and never had, any
capital sufficient to warrant such a stupendous
c peration. Its subscribed capital w*a but
f»\°^^ d U * authorized capital, stock of
$400,000,000 la Just sufficient, when all Issued,
to represent and cover the exchange value of
substantially the entire stock of the Great
Northern and Northern Pacific Railway compa
nlefc Upon the basis and at the rate agreed
upon, which is about $122,000,000 in excess of
the combined capital stock of the two railway
companies taken at par.
If the Government fails to prevent the car
rying out of this combination or conspiracy, not
only will a virtual consolidation of two com
peting transcontinental lines with the practical
pooling of their earnings be effected, and a mo
nopoly of the Interstate and foreign commerce
formerly carried on by them as competitors be
created, and all effective competition between
such lines and carrying of Interstate and for
eign traffic be destroyed, but thereafter to ail
deeirln* to us« It, an available method will be
presented whereby through the corporate
scheme or device aforesaid the act or Congress
of July, 2. 1890 may be circumvented andset
at naught, and all transcontinental lines. Indeed
the entire railway systems of the country may
be absorbed, merged and consolidated, thus
plac ng the public at the absolute mercy of the
holding corporation.
Capital Stock Withheld.
panles independently and In free competition,
one with the other, has been formed, and is in
operation, and the defendants are thereby at
tempting to monopolize, and have monopolized,
such interstate and foreign trade or commerce
to the great and irreparable damage of the peo
ple of the United States la derogation of their
common rights and In violation of the act of
Congress of July 2, 1S90, entlted "An act to
protect trade and commerce against unlawful
restraints and monopolies."
In further pursuance of the unlawful combi
nation or conspiracy aforesaid, and solely as an
instrumentality through which to effect the pur
poses thereof, on or about the 14th day of No
vember. 1901. the Northern Securities Company
.was organized by the election of a board ot
directors, and- the selection ». of a president,
James J. HUi, . and other officers,-.' who. with
their associate stockholders of the Great North
ern Railway Company, assigned and transferred
to the Northern. Securities Company a large
amount of the capital stock of the Great North
ern Railway Company, constituting a,controll
ing interest therein., and, complainant believes,
a majority thereof upon the agreed basis of ex
change of $180 par value of the capital stock
of tho Northern Securities Company' for each
share of the capital stock of the Great North
ern Railway Company, and the defendant, J.
Plerpont Morgan, and his associate stockhold
ers of the Northern Pacific Railway Company,
assigned and transferrad to tho defendant, .the
Combination . or Conspiracy.
In this manner the Great Northern and
Northern Pacific Railway companies secured
control of the vast system of lines known as
the Burllneton system, about 8000 miles in
length. The attempt to turn over a controll
ing Interest ofr the Northern Pacific Railway
Company to the Great Northern having thus in
the veur 180(i beon defeated by a decision of
the Huoreme Court, the defendants, James J.
Hill and his associate stockholders of the
Great Northern owning or controlling a. ma
jority of Its stock, and the defendants. J.
Plerpont Morgan and his associates, owning
or controlling a majority of the stock of the
Northern Pacific Company • » • entered
into an unlawful combination or conspiracy to
effect a virtual consolidation of_the Northern
Pacific and Great Northern systems and to
place- restraint upon all competitive interstate
and foreign trade or commerce carried on by
them and to monopolize or attempt to monopo
lise the same and to suppress the competition
theretofore existing between aald railway sys
tems in tame interstate and foreign trade or
commerce, through the instrumentality and by
the means following, to wit: A holding: cor
poration, to be called the Northern Securities
company, was to be formed under the laws of
New Jersey, with a capital Btock or $400,000,
000, to which in exchange for its own capital
stock upon a certain baals and at a' certain
rate was to be turned over and transferred the
capital stock or a controllins interest in the
capital stock of each of the defendant railway
corr -panleH. .
In this manner the individual stockholders of
the *wo independent and competing railway
companies were to.be eliminated and a single
common stockholder, the Northern Securities
Company, was to be substituted; the interest
of the inatvliltiar stockholders in the property
and franchises of the two railway com
panies was to- terminate, being thus con*
verted Into an lntsreat In the property an*
franchises of the Northern Securities Com
pany. The individual stockholders of the
Northern Pacific Company i were no lonser to
hold an Interest in the property or draw their
dividends from the earnings of the Northern
Pacific system, and the individual stockholders
of the Great Northern Railway Company were
no longer to hold an Interest in the property or
draw their dividends from the earnings of the
Great Northern system, but having ceased to
be stockholders in the railway companies and
having become stockholders In the holding cor
poration, both were to draw their dividends
from' the earnings of both systems, collected
and distributed by the holding corporation. In
thU manner, t* making the stockholders of
each system jointly interested in both sys
tems and by. practically pooling the earnings
of both systems for the benefit of the former
stockholders of each and by vesting the selec
tion of the directors and officers or each sys
tem in a common body, to wit: the holding
corporation, with not only the power but the
duty to pursue a policy which would promote
the interests, not of one system at the expense
of the other, but of both at the expense of the
public, all Inducement for competition between
the two systems was to be removed, a/virtual
consolidation effected and a monopoly of the
Interstate and foreign commerce formerly car
ried on by the two systems as Independant
competitors established. ..
Control a Vast System.
bonds of the Great Northern and Northern Pa
cific Railway companies. ¦ •
PRESIDENT OF THE NORTHERN SECURITIES COMPANY, AND THE UNITED STATES OFFICIAL WHO
HAS FILED A SUIT TO ENJOIN THE NEW CORPORATION FROM MERGING PARALLEL RAILROADS,
• CLAIMING THAT IT IS IN VIOLATION OF THE SHERMAN ANTI-TRUST LAW
MINORITY FILES REPORT
ON THE NEWLANDS BILL
Charge Is M?.de That the Land v Grant
Railways Are Behind the
Scheme.
WASHINGTON, March 10.—Represen
tatives Ray of New York and Jenkins of
Wisconsin to-day filed a minority report
on the Newlands bill for the irrigation of
arid lands. The report characterizes the
measure as an "unfair, unwise and im
provident scheme," so vast and expen
sive that the ordinary mind is staggered
at its mere contemplation. The report
says that three of the -States and Terri
tories do not approve of the plan, and
"that the land grant railways are behind
this scheme and are the real bene
ficiaries." • -
The bill Is also declared to be. uncon
stitutional on its provision for condemn
ing lands within States.
BOERS MAY RETALIATE.
LONDON, March 1L— The Daily Mail
has fears for that other British force
which Lord Methuen was on his way to
Join when overthrown by General • De
larey\s army. While the opinion is gen
erally expressed that the Boers have re-
Epect for Lord Methuen and that he will
be well taken care of while Delarey's
prisoner, still there is a great amount of
anxiety as to his ultimate fate for this
reason: Commandant Kritzinger is in th«
hands of the British, and if he is shot, as
may. be the penalty he may have to suf
fer, what will Lord Methuen's fate be
then?
The Daily News gives prominence to the
fact that 500 yeomanry were chased by
the Boers for four miles, and makes the
most of the humiliation it will give to
Englishmen to read of it but this is the
only paper among the Radical organs
here which shows any venom toward th a
British conduct of the war.
All are waiting for further details as
showirg how Lord Methuen's force was
trapped in so unaccountable a fashion
The thing would seem clear that the
BoeriB were not in an overwhelming force;
they were almost man for man with the
British.
SQUADRON OF WARSHIPS
MAY VISIT RIO JANEIRO
Germany to Enforce the Collection ot
a Debt Incurred by a Brazilian
Province. I
BERLIN. March 10.— The Foreign Office
has been appealed to and it Is thought
likely that the German squadron of war
ships may visit the harbor of Rio Janeiro
before leaving South American waters
to enforce the collection of another Ger
man railway debt incurred by the Bra
zilian province of Minas Geraes.
The provincial authorities have placed
the Minas Geraes railways, owned by
German capitalists, in the hands of a re
ceiver, and have canceled the German
concession, because the officers declined
to operate the line pending the payment
of the interest guaranteed by the Provin
cial Government,
FBOOF-OF BOER STRENGTH-.
WASHINGTON, March 10.— When in
formed of the capture of General Me
thuen and the Boer victory in South
Africa, Secretary de Bruyn, speaking for
the Boer envoys. Wolmarans and Wcs
sels. gave out this statement:
" VV Xi5 a J 1 . t f ue 5 est ROthl rig stronger as
proof that the Boers are etill in the field
and fighting as hard for liberty as ever
than the fact that a force of over 500 Brit
ish trained soldiers has been captured by
the patriots. This shows it is hardly a
guerrilla warfare that is going on in South
Africa, and that the so-called scattered
bands of Boers seem peculiarly able <.o
overcome far superior forces of th<»
fi'Ctny, '
HOHEIBLE SUICIDE
OF A MAIL-CABRIEU
Elcws OS Hts Head and Both Hands
With a Stick of Dyna
mite.
GUTHRIE, Okla,, March 10.— Knight
W. Jones committed suicide to-day ..by
holding a stick dynamite under his
head until it exploded, blowing off his
head and both hands. He had been ar
rested on the charge of burning the mall
which he was employed to carry. He
confessed, saying he had only burned the
papers to keep from delivering them.
ST. PAUL, Minn., March lO.-By
direction of the Attorney General
of the United States a. bill was
filed here to-day in the Circuit
Court of the United States for the
District of Minnesota, in the case of
the United Slates, complainant, against
the Northern Securities Company, the
Great Northern Railway Company,
the Northern Pacific Railway Company
and others, defendants, to test the legali
ty of the alleged combination or merger
of the two roads and others named In
the bill. The action is brought under the
act of July 2, 1S90, known as the Sher
man anti-trust law.
After reciting the fact that the North
ern Securities Company is a corporation
organized under the laws of the Stato
of New Jersey, that the Oreat Northern
was organized under the laws of the
Htate of Minnesota and the North
ern Pacific . under the laws of th-j
State of Wisconsin; and that the two last
named companies are common carriers,
doing an interstate business, and' that
these companies at and prior to the do
ing of the acts complained of owned and
operated two separate, independent,
parallel and competing lines of railway,
aggregating over 5566 miles in length, tha
petition goes on to say that they "were
.the only transcontinental lines of rail
ways extending across the northern tier
of States west of the Great Lakes.-from
the Great Lakes and the Mississippi River
to the Pacific Ocean, and were then en
gaged in active .competition with. one. an-,
other for freight and passenger traffic
among the several States of tne United
States, and between such States and for
eign countries, each system connecting
at its eastern terminus, not only with
lines of railway, but with lake and river
steamers to other States and to .foreign
countries, and at its western terminals
with seagoing vessels to other States,
Territories and possessions of the United
States and to foreign countries."
A Virtual Consolidation.
That nrlor to the year 1893 the Northern
Pacific system was owned and operated by the
Northern Pacific Railway Company, a corpo
ration organized unier certain acts of Con
greE&; that during that year the company be
came insolvent and was placid In the hands
of a receiver; While in this, condition, awak
ing foreclosure and sale, an arrangement was
entered into between a majority of the bond
holders of the Northern . Pacific Railway Com
pany and th,e Great Northern Railway Com
pany for a virtual consolidation of tne two and
placing the control of the Northern Pacific sys
tem In the hands of the Great Northern. This
arrangement contemplated the foreclosure ot
the Northern Pacific to a committee of bond
holders ¦ who should, organize a new corpora
tion to be known as the Northern Pacific Rail
way Company. One-half of the capital mock
of the new company was turned over to tho
Great Northern Company, which In Ulrn was
,to guarantee the bonds of the Northern Pacific
Railway Company. • • . .
The earrylne out of this arrangement was
defeated by the decision of . the United States
Supreme Court in the case of Pearsallagainsi
the Great Northern Railway Company, which
was decided March 30, 1890, in which It w««t
held that the practical effect would be the
consolidation of two parallel and competing
lines of railway and the giving to the defend
ant, the Great Northern Railway Company, a
monopoly of all traffic in the northern half of
the State of Minnesota, as well as o'f all trans
continental traffic north of the lines of the
Union Pacific, -to the detriment of the public
and'ln violation of the laws of the State of
Minnesota. . ¦ - ¦ . .
• Karly in the year 1001 the defendants. : the
Great Nprthern and Northern Pacific Railway
companies. In contemplation of .the -ultimate
placing . of the Great Northern and Northern
Pacific systems under a common source of con
trol, united in the purchase of the total capital
stock of the Chicago, Burlington and Qulnoy
Railway Company of Illinois, (jiving the joint
ALLEGED CONSPIRATORS
ARE SENT TO PRISON
Arrest of Thirty Citizens Accused of
Plotting Against the Haytien •
Government. .
PORT AU PRINCE, Haytl, March 10.-
Ad vices received here 'from Aux Cayes
announce that nearly thirty citizens, ac
cused of conspiring against the Haytlen
Government, have been imprisoned there
and many others have- sought refugo in
various consulates. . The other towns of
Haytl are Quiet.
ties Company to recall and cancel any
certificate of stock issued by it In pur
chase of or in exchange for any of the
shares of the capital stock of either of
the said railway companies, surrendering
in return therefor the certificates of stock
in the respective railway companies in
lieu of which they were Issued. It is also
asked that the defendants, the Northern
Pacific and the Great Northern Railway
companies, their officers, stockholders,
etc., be perpetually enjoined from "In
any manner recognizing or accepting the
Northern Securities Company , as the
owner or holder of any of the shares of
their capital stock," etc.
The petition is signed J»y_ Milton D.
Purdy, attorney for the United States for
the district of Minnesota: Philander C.
Knox, Attorney General of the United
States, and John K. Richard, Solicitor
General of the United States.
Itching. Blind, Bleeding- or Protruding Piles.
No cur*. No Pay. All druggists are authorized
by manufacturers of Pazo Ointment to refund
money where ft fails to cure any case of piles,
no matter of how long: standing:. Cures ordinary
cases in six days; worst cases in fourteen days.
One application gives ease and rest. Relieves
Itching- instantly. This is a new discovery, and
is tha only pile remedy sold on positive guar
antee, no cure, no pay. A free sample will be
sent by mail to any one sending: name and ad
dress. Price, COc. If your druggist don't keep
it in stock send 50c In stamps and we will for
ward full size box by mail. Manufactured by
PARIS MEBICINE CO., St. Louis, Mo., -who
also manufacture the celebrated cold cure,
Laxative Bromo-Qulnlne Tablets.
Piles Cured Without the Knife. '
REDDING, March 10.— Horses and cat
tle are dying on the pastures of the Bald
Hills region of this county as the result
of overcrowded ranges and the long con
tinued storm causing a scarcity of feed.
Carcasses are seen in every direction.
Stock Dying on Ranges.
It is believed that as a last condition
prior to his acceptance of- Germany's re
quest the President of Venezuela, Gen
eral Castro, said he could, not submit
easily to these requests while a German
fleet was anchored in his .principal har
bor. Consequently the German squadron
at La Guayra is now dispersing. The
flagship of the squadron, the cruiser
Vlneta, has been. ordered to the coasts of
Colombia, Costa Rica and Nicaragua, the
cruiser Falke will ascend the Amazon and
the only vessel to remain at La Guayra
will be the little cruiser- Gazelle.
BERLIN, March 10.— The dispute be
tween Germany and Venezuela is near
ing a settlement. The terms of this set
tlement are as yet a Foreign Office secret.
They are, however, satisfactory to Ger
many and Venezuela has apparently
yielded without Germany's having made
any direct . threat or having .had to' do
anything like sending .an ultimatum.
and Only the Cruiser Gazelle
Will Remain.
Squadron at La Guayra Is Dispersing
GERMANY AND VENEZUELA
SETTLE THEIR GRIEVANCES
Vallejo Votes for Improvement.
VALLEJO, March 10.— By a vote of 7S4
to 71 Vallejo has decided In favor of ex
pending $30,000 for the improvement of the
city water system.
SANTA ROSA, March 10.— Charles Har
ney, alias Seymour, who was arrested by
Sheriff Grace on Saturday night near So
norna, on a charge of forgery, has con
fessed. Harney passed a bogus check on
George Sewell In Healdsburg several
months aso.
Forger Harney Confesses.
SALINAS. March 10.— The municipal
election to-day was the most exciting In
the history of Salinas. The fight was be
tween the Citizens' ticket and that fos
tered by the Ministerial Union, and
called the temperance or lccal option
ticket. When the result was made known
to-night the ministers and their support
ers found they had received a great set
back, only one of their candidates being
successful. The officers elected were:
Mayor, T. Renison, second term; Council
men—G. B. Jamieson, P. Steigelmah, Citi
zens' ticket, and Hosea Breese, local op
tion: City Treasurer. J. W. Rowling, fifth
term; School Directors— J.'B. Porter, sev
enth term: J. T. Enos and H. Hoft'man,
second term.
Lccal Option Defeated in Salinas.
"I find Methuen has a fractured thigh,
but he is reported to be doiAg well."
In another- message Lord Kitchener
says the wounded will be brought In to
the railroad to-day, and adds:
"I hope the reinforcements now arriv
ing will rectify the situation In this area
without disturbing operations elsewhere."
It is supposed that Lord Methuen was
marching- with the intention to avenge
the capture of the Von Donop convoy.
The newspaper correspondents in South
Africa have not yet been allowed to de
scribe the affair. The only additional de-;
tails available are contained in a further
cispatch from Lord Kitchener, which
Brodridc, the Secretary for War, read
just as Parliament was adjourning. This
dispatch shows that the first confusion
was caused by native Boers with leci
horses, who galloped through the mule
convoy as the latter was endeavoring, by
Lord Methuen's directions, to close on
me ox convoy. The disorder among the
mules communicated itself to the mount
ed troops, and the Boers, dressed in
khaki and riding alongside the wagons,
frustrated all the attempts of the British
officers to rally their forces. Great con
fusion ensued among this portion of the
mounted troops, they and the mule
¦wagons galloping three miles beyond the
ox wagons, where they were cut off.
Sections of the Fourth and Thirty
eighth batteries of artillery fought with
gTeat gallantry, and 600 men composed of
the Northumberland Fusileers and the
Lancashires showed conspicuous courage
in protecting the wagons and refusing to
surrender until resistance was useless.
* The force under General Delarey was
almost entirely dressed in British uni
forms. This made it impossible to dis
tinguish between their own men and the
enemy when the mounted troops were
driven in on them. The enemy numbered
1500 men. They had one fifteen-pounder
and a pompon.
Delarey, Cellars. Kemp, Verasso. Tromp
and other commandants were present.
General Methuen was seen by an agent
of the intelligence department. He was be
ing well cared for in his own wacon.
In a private telegram just received here
Lord Kitchener adds: • -
LONDON, March 11.— Delarey, who has
proved himself the most able of the Boer
generals, has within a fortnight gained a
second decisive victory. His first victory
v/as the capture of the Von Donop convoy,'
¦when the British casualties in killed,
wounded and prisoners totaled €32, and he
has now added to his laurels by the cap
ture, for the first time during the cam
paign, of a prominent British general and
by Inflicting what Is generally " admitted
to be one of the worst reverses the Brit
ish have suffered throughout the whole
war.
PELABEY'S SECOND VICTORY.
His handling of the troops aroused the
most violent criticism, which was only
stilled by the relief of Kimberlev, when
the question of his health and" ability
seemed to be dropped. Since that time
General Methuen has rendered efficient
service and several notable successes over
the Boers stand to his credit.
but his advice was not heeded. General
Methuen sent a number of remarkable
messages to the War Office, one of which
contained Just three words: "Darkness
after dawn." •
SAN DIEGO, March 10.— Postmaster
Luce has consented to be a candidate for
the Congressional nomination In this dis
trict. Luce has been an attorney here for
many years, has a fine civil war record
and has been mentioned for the nomin
ation about as many times as any one
whose name has not been before a single
convention. He said to-night:
"The Eighth Congressional District is
second to none In the State in the variety
and importance of its Interests affected
by national legislation: My long acquaint
ance with these interests and. with the
people of Southern California leads me to
hope that if nominated and elected I may
be useful to the district. I ask the sup
port of the Republicans of all the dif
ferent counties."
Eighth District.
Seeks Congressional Nomination in
LUCE NOW IN THE RACE.
Continued From Page One.
Those who know the Indian say that
he is an extremely dangerous man. Ten
years ago he was sentenced to prison for
six years for shooting a man, and if more
evidence could have been obtained it is
probable that he would have been hanged.
At Higgins' camp, Card aroused the
men, who took a small boat and started
with him on the trip to Lund, a distance
of thirty miles, shortly before midnight.
From there the wounded man was
brought to Vancouver.
Card was shot late In the afternoon, and
what his sufferings were in paddling to
Higgina' camp that night may never be
known, as he is not yet out of danger.
Bleeding constantly, Card never faltered
in his determination to reach Higgins'
camp, and late at night he arrived there
utterly exhausted. He was so weak- from
loss of blood that had he been forced to
paddle another half-mile he could not
have survived.
John Card is the man who lies wounded
in the hospital. He -and a man named
Hussey have been engaged in logging on
Toba Inlet. The Indian was in their em
ploy. Last Friday afternoon Johnnie
Tackum returned home from Read Island
with some boom chains. When some miles
from Card's and Hussey's camp, the In
dian shot at a. man named Gallagher, also
a logger, and the bullet took effect In his
arm. On reaching the camp the Indian
Was seen by Card, who was in a canoe a
short distance off shore, to beat his squaW
on the head with a paddle till she fell
to the ground dead. After that he chased
Hussey into the woods and Card heard
several shots tired. Hussey was unarmed.
The Indian then came running back,
shouting that he had killed Hussey.
Card commenced to reconnoiter. As he
was approaching the shore the Indian
came out from behind a tree and shot at
him. The bullet tirst struck the water
and glanced, entering the canoe and strik
ing 4 Card on the left leg, just above the
knee and penetrating 1 to the srain. Not
daring to land. Card bound up his wound
with a handkerchief, turned the canoe
about and commenced to paddle for Hig
gins' lumber camp, a distance of fourteen
miles down the inlet.
VANCOUVER, B. C, March .lO.-Bc
cause an Indian named Johnnie- Tackum
ran amuck last Friday afternoon at Toba
Inlet, 100 miles north of Vancouver, a
white man and an Indian woman are ly
ing dead In tho woods, another man la In
St. Paul's Hospital here, suffering from
a gunshot wound In the groin, and a
fourth victim was seriously hurt. The In
dian Is still at large, and there Is no tell
ing what he may have done during the
last three days. He Is known to be in
possession of a good rifle and plenty of
ammunition and the police posse now on
his trail does not expect to capture him
alive.
Special Dlfpatch to The Call.
LORD METHDEN IS TAKEN PRISONER
LOS ANGELES. March 10.— Southern
Pacific owl train No. 26, due to arrive
here at P o'clock this morning fronf San
Franclnco, was derailed this morning at
4 o'clock n, mile and a half west of To
hachapi. Vi. broken rail was the cause of
the accident. The passengers were
brought through to Los Angeles on a
diner, which makes the run ordinarily
bttwecn Los Angeles and Mojave. Owing
to the recent heavy rains in that section
the wrecking crew met considerable diffi
culty, and traffic was delayed eight hours
by the accident.
The traiif was running on time when
the accident occurred. The engine and
forward trucks of the mail car passed
over safely, but the rear trucks and four
cars were .derailed. Nobody was injured.
"Jim" Jeffries sind several new mem
bers of the Los Angeles baseball team
were on the train.
Fpcclal DUpatrh to The Cnll.
Dr. George C. Pardee -is- seoond- choice
to" Thomas Flint Jr. for the Governor
ship.
NAPA. ' March 10,-The Republican
League Club at'Nitpa has elected the fol
lowing delegate^ to the State convention,
to be held In Ban Jo»e next month: Sena
tor Robert Corlctt, Assemblyman K. L.
Webber, T. B. Hutchinuon, J. A. Imrle,
Raymond Benjamin, O. W. Strohl, N. W.
Collins, H. M. Meacham, Charles Grady,
M. M. Haas, J. B. Taylor, W. H. Leach,
G. M. Francis, "WV TV Rutherford, T. N*
Mount and H. Z. Hennessey.
Much local interest centers in the com
ing State convention. There is strong
opposition to the reiromlrration of Gover
nor Gage. Thomas Flint Jr. has strong
supporters among the rank and file of
the party in Napa. At this early, date
It Is the general -opinion that Senator,
Flint will have many of .the delegates
from this county. Gage ran very poorly
in Napa County in 1898, arid If "he is re
nominated the coming autumn he will
run behind his ticket in this section. The
majority of the party leaders here are
opposed to him.
Special Dlfiprttch to Tim Call.
Wounds Two Others and Es
capes With a Posse in
Pursuit
Passengers Escape llnjury,
but Traffic Is Long
Delayed.
in the Gubernatorial
. Contest.
Pardee Their Second Choice
Southern Pacific Flier
Meets Disaster Near
Tehachapi.
Republican Leaders Op
pose Renomination
of Gage.
Red Desperado Murders
White Logger and
Squaw.
INDIAN LEAVES
TRAIL OF BLOOD
FOUR OWL CARS
ARE DERAILED
FLINT FAVORITE
IN NAPA COUNTY
GOVERNMENT SUIT TO STOP
RAILROAD MERGER IS FILED
Combination of Lines by the Northern Securities Com
pany Is Declared a Conspiracy.
Northern Becurltlen Company, a large majority
of the capital itoclc oC th« Northern Pacific
' Hallway Company, upon tho agreed basis ot
inn par value of tho capital Hock of tho
Northern fcWurltlf* Company for each nharo
of th« capital stock of th« Northern Paclno
Railway Company; and thereafter the Northern
t!ecurltl«a Company ottered to the utockholder*
of the defendant' railway companies to liiue
and oxehanse It* capital stock for the capital
¦tock of mien railway companies upon the batli
of exchange afortnald, no other consideration
being required. The defendant, the Northern
ffacurltlei Company, haa acquired an additional
amount of the stock of the defendant railway
companies, lasulng In lieu thereof IU own stock
on the basis of exchange aforesaid, and i» now
holding nit owner and proprietor substantially
all of the capital stock of the Northern I'uciiio
Railway Company, and, a* complainant be
lieves, & majority of the capital stock of the
Great Northern Hallway Company. By reason
thereof, a virtual consolidation under one own
ership and source of control of the Great North
ern and Northern Pacific Railway systems has
been effected, a combination or conspiracy in
restraint of trade or commerce among: the
several States and with foreign nations former
ly carried on by the defendant railway com-
NORTHERN REDS
ON THE WARPATH
Indians Attack Hudson
Bay Company Post
at Fort George.
VANCOUVER. B. C, Marc^- 10.— The
tawny redskins who huntxamong the
mountains around Fort George, 200 miles
north of. the Cariboo gold district, havo
gone on the warpath against the handful
of whites around the Hudson Bay sta
tion. The first news of the trouble came
to-day in a dispatch to the Attorney Gen
eral in Victoria from E. L. Kepner. Hud
son Bay agent at Fort George, who had
journeyed out to the. telegraph, station at
Quesnelle to obtain military assistance.
The dispatch explained that the Indians
had been very troublesome all winter, and
two weeks ago they made an open attack
on the post. The factor and his assistant,
named Cook, had been warned, and. hav
ing barricaded themselves, kept the Indi
ans away. No one was killed, although
shots were fired by the white men and
their helpers over the heads of the na
tives to scare them away.
The Indians have had a hard winter,
and refused to furnish pelts in trade. One
Indian, bolder than the others, got Inside
and threatened to kill Kepner with an
ax if he did not throw open the store to
them. Finally Kepner got them quieted,
and, leaving his in charge,
started out for help.
The superintendent of the provincial po
lice will personally lead a punitive expe
dition, and special constables are being
sworn in to start with him at once. They
will arrest the leaders of the Indians and
arrange to feed the starving families.
Napa to Have Electric Road.
NAPA, March 10.— J. W. and H. P. Hart
zelj of Vallejo have been granted a
franchise by the City Council to construct
and operate an electric railway through
the principal streets of Napa. "Work i3 to
be commenced in four months and, the
railway completed in two years. Messrs.
Hartzell also have franchises in Vallejo
and Benicia. It 13 understood that they
are to construct a line between Napa and
Vallejo. '
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MARCH 11, 1902
2
To Cure a. Cn\ A it% n-«» T>__
Take Laxative ' Bromo-Qulnlne Tablets ah
driipelsts refund the money If it falls to' cur"
E, w. Grova^B. signature is on each bo?,' °5c
Catarrh, Deafness,
hi*. ymsaJT nmT
Diseases Positively Cured by
DR. COTTINGHAM'S •&,
Regular graduate and expert on EAR, NOSE
THROAT and LUNG DISEASES
204 Suiter Street, NW. Cor. of KearDy
Hours. J-12 a. m.: 1-8 and 7-8 p. n».
rnrrANHONEST TRIAL OP ONE
r n r r WEEK elveu to - show the su-
* *»*¦'*"' perlor merit of the treatment.
3000 test cases, 95 per cent cured. Call at
cace or write for free treatment.
PAINE'S CELEBY COMPOUND.
Thousands of Families Have Heard
the Joyful News That
PAINE'S
Celery Compound
Makes Sick People Well and
v Strong.
A House - to - House Canvass
Would Show That Thou*
sands Aro Being Cured.
The people who have not heard in
some way of Paine's Celery Compound
and its wonderful triumphs over the dis-
eases and ailments of life cannot be
counted as newspaper or magazine
readers, nor are they among those who
are in touch with the medical progres-
siveness of the times.
A house-to-bouse canvass (if that
were possible) of families where Paine's
Celery Compound is being used during
these early spring days would disclose
an overwhelming amount of evidence
regarding the implicit confidence that is
placed in this greatest of all spring
medicines. It would show the enor-
mous number of people who are being
cured of some form of- nervousness,
sleeplessness, dyspepsia, indigestion,
neuralgia, rheumatism, headaches, kid-
ney and liver diseases.
Now is the time when Paine's Celery
Compound can show astonishing and
happy results to the sick. Now that
spring is with us, giving a promise of
fine weather and- new beauties, it should
lend encouragement to the work Of get-
ting well and strong.
The use of Paine's Celery Compound
for a few weeks will truly astonish*
every debilitated, weak and sickly man
and woman. The change from a muddy
and sallow complexion to a fresh,
healthy color, with bright, sparkling
eyes, unclouded brain, the enjoyment
of refreshing sleep, clear, fresh blood
coursing through the body, will be the
sure reward of every user of Paine's
Celery Compound. Accept no substi-
tute or imitation. See that the name
PAINE'S is on the wrapper and bottle.
Ill A Lin Kin nVCQ CoIor anything any color.
UlAnlUnU U I CO Never fall! Never fade!
Men's Open-Work
Here is a good bargain in hose for
men who wear oxfords, although they are
very suitable hose for wear with ordinary
shoes..
Open-work hose in black, blue, tan
and gray; seamless and fast colored; ex-
ceedingly good value; price
2 pairs for 2 bits
Our stock of Easter neckwear is now
in—all colors and patterns imaginable— the
display is interesting.
•:•.¦.. : . _ • : "'vn
.-. ;:¦¦•• . Out-of-town orders tilled — write us.
718 Market StreetAcademy of Nobles In Rome, the insti
tution of which he Is now president. He
was ordained to the priesthood soon
after the appointment, of his father as
Spanish Embassador to the Vatican, and
was - almost immediately made private
secretary to the Pope.
' PROBABLE SUCCESSOR OF
ARCHBISHOP MARTINELLI
IN WASHINGTON.
CANTON', O.. March 10.— The foundry and
pattern house of the Novelty Iron Works has
been destroyed by fire. Loss $100,000. The
plant was crowded with orders for six months
and 200 men are idle. Insurance, $30,000. Ths
plant will be rebuilt. . .
The Senate passed a considerable num
ber of- unobjected bills on the calendar
and agreed to the conference asked for
by the House on the diplomatic and con
sular appropriation bill. Hale, Cullora
and Teller were named as conferees.
WASHINGTON. March 10.— For nearly
two hours to-day Vest of Missouri ad
dressed the Senate in opposition to the
pending ship subsidy bill. No member of
the body has been accorded more flatter
ingly close attention than he received.
Despite his evident feebleness, he spoke
with force and fire, and at times becama
brilliantly eloquent.
Tillman of South Carolina followed with
a brief speech in opposition to the bill.
Despite His Evident Feebleness Ho
"^- Speaks With Eloquence for
Nearly Two Hours.
SENATOB VEST OPPOSES
TTfR SHIP SUBSIDY BILX.
To some of his other Congressional vis
itors, who talked with him to-day regard
ing Cuban reciprocity, the President said
there was difficulty in determining Just
what promises or representations were
made to the Cuban delegates when they
visited Washington last summer, previ
ous to the adoption of the Platt amend
ment as a part of the Cuban- constitution.
There was no record of any promise, but
the understanding seemed to be that re
ciprocal arrangements were to be made
with Cuba of a nature whictu would give
the island's products an advantage in the
markets of the United States. In the
course of the discussion to-day, it ia un
derstood. Senator Allison remarked that
more importance had Deen given to the
subject than was warranted; that " the
proposed 20 per cent reduction to be
granted to Cuba would not be of material
advantage to the planters of the island,
nor would such a reduction of duty on
Cuban sugar affect in any material way
the beet sugar Interests of this country.
The President expressed a desire to • se
cure harmony and some of the Senator3
who saw him said they believed also that
was the desire of the Republicans in
Congress, some of whom thought it was
quite important that the present strained
relations should not continue.
•WASHINGTON, March lO.-Chainnan
Payne of the Ways atnd Means Commit
tee and Representative Grosvenor. also
of that committee, 'were among the Presi
dent's callers to-day. Although both
maintained great reserve, it was known
that the Cuban reciprocity situation wa3
discussed. It was stated that no special
message was at present in contempla
tion, and that the President continued to
maintain the position for reciprocity he
had taken in his annual message. Payne's
associates in the contest expressed the
belief that the reciprocity plan would pre
vail in some form. Ii* tnis connection
there were intimations that the Senate
might take up the question by adding a
Cuban amendment to the war revenue or
some other pending bill.
Inquiry among Senators, however,
shows that . there is no such intention,
and that the war revenue repeal bill will
pass substantially as it comes from tha
House.
He Is Said to Stand by tha
Position He Took in
His Message. ,
President Discusses Situ
ation With Congres
sional Callers.
CUBAN QUESTION
HARD TO SOLVE
LOKDOK, March 10. — The Countess of War
wick was thrown from her horse while hunt
ing near Harquich to-day badly bruised
CHARLESTON. S. , C. March 10.— The Il
linois party, headed by Governor Tates and his
staff, arrived here to-day and was informally
welcomed by General Appleton and Colonel
Fred Smith. To-morrow is Illinois day at the
exposition.
WASHINGTON. March 10.— The Civil
Service Commission has adopted a report
exonerating - Postmaster Roberts o r
Brooklyn from any willful violations of
the civil service law and rules, as charged
by the National Civil Service Reform
League. The report was made by Com
missioner Foulke, who investigated the
charges.
Roberts Is Exonerated.
VICTOR, Colo., March 10.— Several
property-owners in this city and' Cripple
Creek to-day received letters signed
••Committee," warning them not to lease
buildings to buyers of stolen ore. As the
notices came through the mails, it is
quite probable that the matter will be
turned over to the postal authorities and
efforts made to run down the author or
authors of the letters.
Frank M. Woods of the Gold Coin mine,
a member of the executive committee of
the Mine-owners' Association, said to-day
that he did not know who sent the no
tices. He expressed' surprise to learn that
Buch warnings had been sent. - ¦
Colorado Property-Owners Warned
Against Leasing Buildings to.
Buyers of Stolen Ore.
THBEATEXONG LETTERS
ARE SENT TO LANDLORDS
The engine and eight coaches were worth at
least J400.000, to say nothing of the baggage
and other property on the train which was lost in
the fire. A small amount of the baggage -was
saved out of the wreck— how, no o»e knows.
The baggage car. was split in two and it is
possible that a good deal of the baggage was
thrown from the car, as It is hardly likely
that any one attempted to throw out any bag
page. As to the United States mail, not a
Piece of that was saved that I know of. The
mall car was probably the first to catch fire
and the mail was entirely destroyed.
Suspicious tracks were found some dis
tance from the scene of the wreck and
Manager Van Vleck has sent a trained
trailer to the scene with the hope that
something may result. Many hold to the
idea that an obstruction was placed upon
thf; track for the purpose of robbery, and
the authorities are determined to probe
the matter from every standpoint.
A dispatch from Alpine, received this
afternoon, says the charred bones • of
three bodies were found under the ruins
cf the chair cgr and a lot of bones under
the smoker. Coroner J. M. Carnes esti
mates that the latter were the remains
of about eight persons. He based his
estimate on the number of femurs.
So izx -we have not been able to determine
the immediate cause of the wreck, as the cars
•were piled up en the engine at the time I left
the wreck, and we could not tell if some part
of the engine had given away or not. It Is
more than probable that such was the cause
of the wreck, as the majority of the passenger*
t ay the train was not running: at an extra high
rate of epeed. The point of the road where the
train left the track is a nine-degree curve.
There are two curves of the track as It winds
around the hills and the wreck occurred about
half way between the extreme points of the two
curves.
The train did not go oft on the inside of the
track, as was reported, but went off on the
outeide. The engine went forty-seven feet
from the track and most of the cars piled
in an indiscriminate mass around it. Whatever
was the cause of the wreck it came suddenly
and without warning, as the engine men had
no time to Jump, but were caught under the
cab and teld fast.
EL PASO, Texas, March 10.— W.~ R.
Martin, division superintendent for the
Galveston, Harrisburg and San Antonio
branch of the Southern Pacific, left here
shortly after the news of the wreck at
Maxon reached here. He returned to the
city to-day and made the following state
ment in reference to the disaster:
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, March 10.— The United
States Supreme Court to-day decided the
Illinois anti-trust statute to "be unconsti
tutional because of the provision of the
law exempting agricultural products and
livestock from the operations of the lawJ
The decision was rendered in the case of
Thomas Connelly and others against the
Union Sewer Pipe Company of Ohio and
was delivered by Justice Harlan.
The case grew out of the sale of pipe by
the pipe company to Connelly and others,
who, after securing it, declined to make
payment on the ground that the ! pipe
company is an illegal combination for tne
restraint of trade under the common law,
because it combines a > number of local
pipe manufacturing concerns ; that' it is
a combination in violation of the Sher
man anti-trust law, and, further, a viola
tion of the anti-trust law of the State of
Illinois. The first two contentions received
very slight consideration, the court hold
ing that even if the allegations were true
they could not justly prevent the corpora
tion selling its property. The opinion,
therefore, was based on the third plea,
which Justice- Harlan said would be valid
if the State law could be held to be valid,
as there could be no doubt of the purport
of the act. Under that law the corporation
could be dissolved if the law is valid. He
quoted the law at length, laying especial
stress upon the ninth section, exempting
farm products, concluding that this pro
vision is antagonistic to the provisions of
the constitution granting equal protection
to all under the law. He also held that
the exempting clause is. so interwoven
with other portions of the statute as to
render it impossible to eliminate it from
the law as an entirety, and therefore held
that the entire law must^ be held to be
invalid. . -
Charred Bones of Victims
Recovered From the
Ruins.
Supreme Court Decides
Against the Illinois
Statute.
CAUSE OF WRECK
STILL UNKNOWN
ANTI-TRUST LAW
IS HELD INVALID
The World Never/ Before Witnessed
SALT LAKE, Utah, March' 10.— Major
General MacArthur, commanding the De
partment of the Colorado, arrived : here
to-day from the headquarters at Denver.-
General MacArthur is ¦ accompanied ' by
members' of : his staff, and comes for the
purpose of making an inspection' of Fort
Douglas. : To-night- Governor Wells' and
his' staff and other State officials',attend
ed a reception given the general by offi
cers of -the post.' . •-'::¦. ' .
MacArthur Ho Inspect Fort Douglas.
7 MATANE, ;, Quebec, , March /¦ 10.— Fire
which • originated . In , the kitchen" of the
residence of "Arthur Bouchard yesterday
caused the ? death of Mrs. Bouchard and
nine children.. The fire was discovered by
a- servant, .who . immediately, gave an
alarm. , Bouchard jumped from, an upper
story, window and was about to be.fol
lowedjby.his^wife,,but she failed. in her
attempt ¦ and ) perished, together • with her
nine; children, six boys . and three girls,
the eldest : being a boy of 14 years. Bou
chard arose about'5 o'clock and lighted a
fire in the kitchen and then retired again.
Tire Originates in Kitchen and Shuts
. :,V Them Off /From All Avenues' "
: f % - .:.,¦;. ; l .'"*- : '-'" of Escape.
MOTHER AND CHILDREN
' v.-''ARE BURNED TO DEATH
LIVERPOOL, March, 10.— At the inquest
to-day over' the remains of. Edwin Dan
gerfield^ the ' Kansan coal . miner ': who lost
his life asa ; result of the sinking of the
steamer Waeslandj after , a collision with
the t" British steamer "Harmonides. off the
island of Anglesey, a verdict of accidental
death was returned. The jury 'congratu
lated Captain Apfeld of the Waesland and
Captain Penten of ; the: Harmonides "on
their conduct. ; ,;
Sea Captains 'Are Congratulated.
LOS ANGELES, March 10.— Articles of
incorporation have been filed for ; the Im
perial and Gulf Railroad, with a capital of
$700,000. The proposed line is. to be thirtv
miles long, extending from Imperial
Junction, a station on the Southern Pa
cine, in San Diego County,* to the Imi
perial Settlement. The officers of the new
company are: W- F- Holt, president and
general manager; PC. Paulin, vice pres
ident; A. O: Heber, treasurer.
Railroad Company Incorporates.
' NEOLA, Iowa, • March 10.— Chicago,
Rock ¦ Island and Pacific fast mail train
No. 2, eastbound, was wrecked at; ; the
Milwaukee, and St. Paul crossing west of
this place atlO o'clock last- night. Engi
neer Schultz and I' ireman .. Gottschalk,
who went down an embankment with | the
engine, were slightly injured, but none of
the passengers were hurt. * The engine
and forward truck of the mail car left the
track. The accident" was caused by a
misunderstanding, of signals.
Fast Mail Train Wrecked.
MOUNT CLEMMONS, Mich., .March
10.— Frederick Doescher, aged 86 years;
his wife, aged 72, and his sister, Mrs'
John Frink, aged 60, were asphxiated . at
their residence sometime between Friday
night and this morning by coal gas. * The
women were found dead in their ' bed
while Doescher' s body was in a chair be'
hinfi the stove. He had evidently been
awakened by- the gas and been overcome
after he had got up to fix the stove
Three Old People Are Asphyxiated.
SEATTLE, March 10.— Work on the
British , trans-Pacific cable from' a' point
on the Chinese coast, via Yokohama mid
the Aleutian to Barclay Sound,
the terminus on this- side,' is under way.
While talk ov.er the project has engaged
attention, the British Government has
gone to work and for,, several weeks the
cable ship has been engaged in laying the
cable from the Chinese coast. terminus.
• This v morning the big barpe Georgian
left irt' tow of the steamer Mystery, for
Chemainus,- where she will fake on 400,000
feet 6f lumber and supplies for the Brit
ish Columbia station on- Barclay : Sound.
An immense cable plant is to be es
tablished, at r this point, where sixty op
eratives • will be | engaged permanently m
attending to the business connected with
the work. < Still later the British authori
ties "will construct stations at Yokohama,
and on one of the Aleutian Islands.
Work Already Under Way From ths
. • Chinese Coast Terminus •
v , .• of ' the Line. ,
BRITISH TRANS-PACIFIC
; CABLE IS BEING LAID
Minister Townsend was directed by the
State Department, to : make inquiries as
to what was doing at Brussels . touch
ing sugar; and it is assumed that this'in
struction was the basis for the presump
tion on the part of the English newspa
pers that the United States Government
was contemplating an adherence to the
convention. ... - "; ' ¦-_ . .. ¦ *
WASHINGTON, March 10.— Respecting
a Brussels dispatch published in I London
as to the attitude of the United States
Government toward the sugar convention,
just agreed upon in the Belgian capital
by the representatives of the beet-sugar
powers, it is stated here that this requires
no action whatever on the part of., the
United States. 5 As this country produces
no bounty-aided. sugar, it was not directly
concerned in the proceedings at Brussels,
and was unrepresented there.; But, indi
rectly. If is realized that, the results of
the. conference might be of .great im
portance to the United. States,. as affect
ing the E solution " of the Cuban customs
problem and influencing the treasury.re
ceipts through the abolition of the pres
ent countervailing .duties. ' •
Results of the Conference May Aid
in Solving • the Cuban Customs -
Problem. • ..:
AMERICA CLOSELY "WATCHES
THE BRUSSELS CONVENTION
The hotel, which is to be elegantly fur
nished, will be the finest this side of the
bay and will make WiHits an ideal sum
mer resort. 'A. J. Fairbanks of Willits is
president. Colonel O. A. Self ridge of San
Francisco, secretary and treasurer;. O T
Wells and . Ole Simonson of Willits and
William Barr of San Rafael, directors of
the company. O. T. Wells, formerly of
Oakland, will be manager of the hotel
WILLITS, March 10.— Ground* was bro
ken to-day for the Hotel Willlts, a mod
ern hostelry of 100 rooms, to be' built by
San Francisco and Willits capitalists, at
a cost of $40,000. The building is to be
located on the corner of Commercial ave
nue and Main street, with a south and
east exposure, giving a magnificent view
of Signal Peak and the San . Hedrin
Range. In general design the structure
will be colonial, three stories high, having
a frontage of 125 feet on Main street, with
two wings running back 132 feet. There
is to be a court in the center of the build
ing, 62 by SO feet, which will be planted
with flowers and shrubbery. Redwood
and pine will be used in the construction
of ' the hotel, which is to have a concrete
foundation. It will be hard finished
throughout and lighted by electricity. A
cement' walk is to be-, laid around , the
building and massive hewn redwood pil
lars will support the verandah. \
Porty-Thousand Structure to Offer
Attractions to Summer Outing
Parties. -
UP-TO-DATE HOTEL WILL
BE BUILT IN WILLITS
SAVANNAH, Mo.,. March /10.— Stewart
Fife's trial for the murder of Frank W.
Richardson, his former associate in busi
ness here, began to-day. Fife has lost
much of the calmness that, he displayed
when he arrived from North Yakima,
Wash., where he was arrested two months
ago. He sleeps but little and when he
entered the courtroom to-day he looked
worried." Several stories of new and start
ling developments that are to come out
at the trial have. been circulated, one of
them being to the effect that Fife's law
yers will implicate "another man in the
murder. Mrs: Richardson, the widow,
who was acquitted recently of complicity
'in the murder, will appear as a witness
for the defense, while her two young sons
will be used as witnesses for the State.
"Fife's" -attorney ¦.will,'- it is 'said;' try to
prove an . alibi for him.
-. - Prosecuting Attorney Booher, in making
.the opening statement, ;¦ said th6 State
.would show that Fife had, in a. St. r Joseph
saloon, .where he displayed a revolver,
made 'a threat that he would f kill Rich
ardson, and that after .the. tragedy he had
confessed to a woman: in. that city that
he , had committed the murder. \ It would
also be shown, he asserted, that Fife was
seen standing in the middle of the street
on the night of the murder, looking in
the direction of : the Richardson home.
¦\ The Jury is composed of ten farmers,
a merchant and a teacher. ~ - .
Will .Testify in Behalf of
Alleged Murderer of
Her Husband.
The compensation of carriers is not to
exceed $600. . To-morrow the postofnee ap
propriation bill will be considered.
WASHINGTON.' : March ; 10.— The ! bill . ta
classify 'tlie*. rural; freej. delivery -service.*
and place the carriers under the contract
system, ; which ha3-' been debated- -in vthV
House for over a week, * was' passed to
day, but In a form that : completely,
changed the purpose for which it \ was
framed. Befofe it was passed. the. bill was
altered, radically,, by. its . opponents. / i All
the provisions : relating-, to* the- placirig/bf
carriers , under the contract, system were'
stricken out, and the salary system not
only 'was continued, but the maximum
salary of carriers was increased from $500
to $600 per annum. A motion offered by
Williams (Democrat) of Illinois to recom
mit the bill with instructions to report
back an amendment providing for the
dismissal from the service, of carriers
who should use their influence in favor of
any particular party or for any particular
candidate was voted down— 96 to 141.
As passed, the bill classifies the rural
free delivery service and fixes the com
pensation of employes as follows: Special
agents in charge of divisions, not exceed
ing $2400 per annum; special agents, four
classes, graded from $1300 to. $1600; route
inspectors, four classes, from $900 to
$1200; clerks, four classes, from $900 to
$1200. .
Washington : Original— William ; Cline,
Sidney, $6; Merritt P. Kelly, Tacoma,
$8; Thomas McGeever, Seattle, $6; ! James
H. Robinson, Seattle, $6. War with Spain
—Harold E. Parks. Tacoma, $6. Increase
—John Brink, Soldiers' Home, Orting, $S.
Army orders— First Lieutenant Louis, S.
D. Rucker Jr. ,' Sixteenth Infantry, goes
from- Columbus Barracks to the . Philip
pines via transport from San Francisco,
March 8L ~ / "
- These pensions were granted to-day: ,
California: Increase— Elliott S. Rogers,
Gardena. $30; David Myers, Los Angeles,
$6. Widows— Annie Moyles, San Fran
cisco, $8; Lydia F. Matthews, Ocean Park,
$12; Mary J. Darling, Hay wards, $8; Aug
usta W. Johnson, San Francisco, $8; Nan
nie Langley, Sacramento, $8.
Oregon: Original— Francis A. Wright,
West Portland, $8.
¦I ..WASHINGTON," March ;i0.^-The rfollow
lng'postmasters .wpre'commisslofa^d ;:Cali
f«brnia-^Hattie •; ."; H. ' - Campbell ,£ : ; .I^e ttle.
Washington— James' W. Craig, .^Exa;* Roy
P.' Simpson, Potlatch; Chaupe'n Mullen,
Rena.
Postmasters appointed: Calif ornla^-A.
Bretz, Morro, San Luis Obispo County,
vice D. R. Spooner, resigned. Washing
ton — Maggie McKee, McKinley, Franklin
County, vice W. W. Spates, resigned. •
The gross receipts of the San Francisco
Postofflce for February were $90,661,
against $82,322 for February, M01. >
Several COianges^Ma.de 'iii< tne, .Postal
r :,'.'- Service ;and^ More \ New.-: Ten-: '.
-' ':'¦ ¦ -.' ...jsicms Granted/' '¦'^.-'Si^ .' .
&/ *•¦¦ ; of:. THE) ' PACIITC^OAST
'•¦• •'.-.'¦ ¦ .' • ; i. -' ', ¦"••' ~ y ' ' ~ .- .-¦.¦..-.'¦¦¦•¦-,.-¦•-.'. ¦¦j-
Opponents of Measure-
Strike Out Important I
Provisions.^ • ,y^:[
RURAL DELIVERY
BILL IS PASSED
WIDOW TO AID
THE DEFENDANT
- Bishop del Val has been/apostolic dele
gate to Canada. •¦-' He is now president of
the -Pontifical ¦ .Academy of Nobles at
:Rome,.'and occupies the same position as
did Mgr. . Satolli wlien he was ""sent as
: delegate to Washington. \ He is a great
favorite with = Leo • XIII, who has for
Some, years* shown- him every., evidence
of -his • friendship and ; has • allowed, him to
occupy apartments in 'the .Vatican. Bish-
. op; del Val»is-,thirty-flye 'years' old and a
descendant: of one of Spain's noblest fam
ilies^-His mother wasian-English woman
and- h«> was" born in -England,^ receiving
his < early education • from , the Jesuit
'fathers' in Stonyhurst College. His
higher education was, received in th©
ALL' BUREAU,' 1406 GV STREET,
''/[¦ ¦ N. WJ," WASHINGTON, S March
(L .10.— Considerable- interest has been
aroused . here by ' the . , cablegram
* from Rome announcing that, the
Pope was" said to have expressed- his
intention a to - send -'¦ Bishop ¦ Merry . del
Val ~. as . - apostolic . legate . "' from the
Vatican,' to .'Washington, .' In •• succes
sion to I Archbishop v Martinelli. It had
long been^ hoped that! a,n American -would
be chosen to succeed Archbishop Mar
tinelli;: whose term of office expires in
May, but advices ~ from -Rome appear to
indicate , that such will not be the case.
If is Pope Leo's evident desire to send
as the Vatican's representative ; to the
United I States one who . has been in * his
intimate confidence and who is in touch
,with the papal policy dealing with the
more" important questions 'arising in the
United States. '.' .'
¦ As far. as could.be learned there weref'
about 7500 'men':lnvolved. Including.; niem
bers, of 'Teamsters 1 Union ;No: 25,; 600 men;
Freight Han (lle.rg 1? ; TJnJon;i750: men.-- '
Along the j water front; the. effect of the
strike was most marked: The longshore
men, not having stopped v work, promptly
began .unloading .vessels which. ? docked
yesterday and this -morning, . and .soon
the wharves were choked with merchan
dise, as no teams had arrived to j cart it
'away. ¦•' .-''.'.',¦'-.¦;•¦¦. ¦ ¦;,-¦-
. /Fishing boats brought 3001000 pounds of
fish, but there, were, no buyers for, ithe
cargoes; as the ; dealers .' could not get
teams to move the'; fish. ~! ',:,-, ''¦'¦-¦
' s In sympathyj-with' the ) freight handlers
about- 50 vper cent * f f the delivery and re-
K ceiving clerks, on'the -'New:; ydrk, :New :
Haven and Hartford 'and^the Boston and
Albany roads did hot! go "to, work to-day.
At the office of .the .roads it was statSd
that the force remaining was , more than
sufficient .'to i handle i the £mall amount of
.business that, was moving. ; • : "- ¦:
President Oscar F. .Cox- of the r Allied
Freight' Transportation ' ¦', Council ' and a
. committee . of . the . strikers Vwent to ' • the
yards of the New York, New -Haven and
Hartford* during-the forenoon .-to submit
two 7 propositions fora-fieHUement of the
strike ! to the transpbrtatiojiT 'and operat
ing officials of the.r6ad.>" It was said- the
strike • wonld. be -declared -off , if ¦ the . com
pany would^ consent, to'^have' the ': non
union teams uploaded by; the* drivers or
men; sent to assist them;' an<ij the other.
:that the. trouble would '.cease, if the com
pany would consent to-;the unloading of
all teamsby men' other than: the' freight,
handlers. The company declined to : ac
;cept-either proposition../, .': ' . •,* ;.,'¦¦-
¦ There was no j signs of v disturbance i
about -the freight yards during- the early,
hours. ¦ Police details guard" .-all"- ap
proaches, but there has been no' demon- /
stration calling for' their J intervention.' *
In view of tne threatening aspect of
the strike the State Board of Arbitra
tion to-day placed itself in touch with
all concerned in the trouble. • ' • ..
The members^ of the board axe not
without hope that the- opposing parties
could be brought together, although the
strike had come in spite of. the facty that
the grievances of the union had been be
fore, the board in various forms during
the past three months. ..It was learned
that the; newspapers . are exempt from
the embargo of . the teamsters and their
paper will :bc?. delivered. as usual, as well
as supplies to hospitate' aind public insti
tutions.- .- . ••• v'-. .'•••• . • -. ¦ • ¦ •- .-.
At both the New York v New Haven arid
Hartford and the Boston ; and . Albany,,
freight .houses ••gangs' of \ Italians^h-"
gaged yesterday to remove the, : frjejght
which had accumulated' after the; regular
force : struck Saturday were still at r .'workv
The Team i Drivers' Union embraces
nearly all the. drivers handling freight in
the city.. ;! : ' ¦ •,'.. ,. .>;.•/ fi*
BOSTON. MaxCh/lO.— A. strike; bfi-the
freight handlers y v of this city, ;¦ which
threatens to involve i 10,000 men,;was.be
erun early to-day. ..The • Team V Drivers'
Union ; No. 25, embracing about' 6000, men,
led off. Other unions followed. \The strike
grows out of _ the Brine Transportation
Company's trouble'. with V its; ¦ teamsters,
whidh began several weeks _ago>. but was
precipitated v by the refUsaV. o"£ .'-several
members of, the freight ' handleds' ; . union
to take care of ".merchandise ¦'carted.';,'.; by
non-union teamsters employed ., by the
Brine company.: :: ' L^.- : -'-'"0-,' r.
-- ' ¦ •¦• ¦ ¦ ¦ . ¦ i ¦ .-¦ '.'
Wharves and Railroad Yards
Are Blockaded -With
Merchandise. • '
Boston Freight Handlers
Quit Work at^Call bf>
Their Union.
SEVEN THOUSAND
MEN ON STRIKE
THE SA^T FRAKCISCO OA-^V ;;; : T^SDAY^, :; ]M^pH.;.,il, 1902.
..?"'¦¦¦:....'• : ,: ; ¦ . ; . - V- ¦ ¦ . . ;
Bishop Merry del Val Probable Successor to
- Archbishop nartinelll.
FRIEND OF THE POPE MAY
BECOME AMERICAN LEGATE
3
an importation* in a year. by. one house of
120,359 cases of .champagne, a feat Just ac
complished by the famous • Gi .H :
; MUMM'SEXTRA DRY. •Large '.reserves
of' the splendid vintage,. now imported are
.absolute guarantee for. maintenance, of
present standard. . . . '•**¦'
ADVEBTISJIMENTS:"
f or our big values in:
made-to-order suits
The larger the business the smaller
the cost of doing business., What is
saved in running a big store can be given
„ to the customer arid the store will still
• I haye a fair profit. This is a simple, self-
I evident rule^ in merchandising.
It is the keynote of our made-to-
order .department. We count on small
profits, but numbers of them, through
our many orders.
Our made-to-order suits at $10 are
a good example of this: principle. '. * We
! would be pleased to give you samples
\l of these
• * •
¦¦ . - ' Out-of-town orders' for made-to-order . chthing filled— satisfactory fit
I assured through our self-measuring system— write for samples. *
! 718 Market Street and
Cor. Powell and Eddy Streets.
I "Liebig" preparations NOT bearing i?
I the^ blue & signature of Justus von
1 Liebig'across the label are NOT the 1
I genuine^, Ask for the ~ |
yl <~^'- liMiii _wilJ'* ¦ " r. ¦
>'",*f3 wRactun CAEJR5 UEW " , rBfTIlMl^flffl^lffrafCT^ByTn^^ImraBr Ap^c^fe&^2^?y?jS
»^.";v_^ ;••/ One may 6all the ecaa and visit erery land and everywhere will find, IH : ;f§V.; *i\ \ \ ¦¦ ... .'.\ -
.---iv:^«7-7 that men of affidrs, who are well informed, have neither the time Iff "^V . \ V \ \\
* / nor the Inclination, whether on pleasure bent or business, to use those 1! *£§|i y \ \ \ \
/ medicines which cause excessive purgation and then leave the internal |j -M$k \ V » \ \
/ organs in a constipated condition. Syrup of Figs is not built on those jj |?#l§V-r. \ \ \. \ \
/ lines. It acts naturally, acts effectively, cleanses, sweetens and strengthens | j .;.'\ \ V - \ ' ..V
/ the internal organs and leaves them in a healthj' condition. I ; %-~.\- '\ \ \ '•¦ '•
/ If In need of a laxative remedy the most excellent is Syrup of Figs, but I j % : 'y$K-:>-~.\-.. \ . '¦¦ \ '
/ when anything more than a laxative is required the safe and scientific plan . 1 ! \ ' y _
/ Is to consult a competent physician and not to resort to those medicines y \ '¦ / ,' \ \
I which claim to cure all manner of diseases. , I • fV:" _. ' '"- " ~"~^VXj4»^. \
-.%..,/ The California Fig Syrup Co. was the first to manufacture a laxative remedy I \ -V\' .¦ , " fi^fe '
¦fa'ffj which would give satisfaction to all; a laxative which physicians could 1 : \ Vr. ,-•" ''— '^
sanction and one friend recommend to another; so that today its sales probably I \ 1 / "•'*•¦' * V
| exceed all other laxatives combined. In some places considerable quantities of 1 \ \ I \ \ \ \
J old-time cathartics and modern Imitations are BtillBold. but with the general \ \ •/ V ..i..-r"i"T" T
I diffusion of knowledge, as to the best medicinal agents, Syrnp of Figs nas come 1\ . \ ,; •'/.- % .\y%'" \ } \ \\
I Into general use with the well-informed, because it is a remedy of known value , n' : \ />••'}. \ V \ \
-^ J and ever beneficial action. • l\ ;> . j>--y \'\ \ \ \
>^5 The quality of Symp of Figs Is due not only to the excellent combination of iV-Vv* "''A- A \ \ \
;r?J the laxative and carminative principles of plants, known to act most beneficially- ¦ LX.--''VX V" A \ \ Y
~&Q on the system, with agreeable and refreshing aromatic liquids, but also to thBs jV'^: ./¦V. ' \ \ \ ; \
orginal method of manufacture. In order to get the genuine and, its beneficial U^j^V"'.^^ \ V V
effects one should always note the full name of the Company— California Fig | : \;!^ : />\^>^^ — """ '"¦
- > J Byrnp Co.— printed on the front of every package. . . v- — ' vVV>;/:.^^?vV:-v-V!-"- r *jS>^* — " I~ . . : ~ 1 ,"¦¦'- ~~ — ""T 1 : ¦ "~ Bettingr.
Index Horse, Age. Weight. St. %. %. Str. Kin. Owner and Jockey. OP- Cl
3405 El 'Rey, i*. ..;... l'O6 V 4> 1 42 2 % 1 % P C Donaleche.O'Connr 2 0-5
3404 Urchin, 5 'V.. 115 111 In In 2 114 D. F. Cox....... Troxler 3 i
3377 H. Thatcher, 5.. .110 2 5 1 6 3 4 3 2 , W. Johnson ..See 10 1.2
3383 Pupil, 5 110 4 3h3131 43 C. Llnd ,.J. Daly 8 1-
S380 La Calma, 4 104 5 6h 5 !& 5 4 5 4 Elmwood Farm.. Ransch 6 tf
33S3 Intrada,- 4 ......104 9 9. 9 7 1 . 6 1 E. I. -Wheeler '.Dyer 20 . . 100
3405 Burdock. 5 ......114 7 8 3 8 1 8 2 7 }£ J. S. Campbell.'. -Conley 20 5»
3405 Cath. Bravo,- 4.. 104 G 2h 2h 61 83 JP Atkin .Jackson 10 -O
3405 Lomond, 5 .. 113 8 I'M 7 4 9 9 Magrane & Co HoarJ 6 8
Time— To"%; :23; to Vi -50%; last,%, 1:08; short %, 1:18%. Fair start. Won first three
j driving. .Winner/ P. C. Donaleche's ch. g. by Rey del Sierras- Alice N. Winner received
strongest ' ride. Urchin ran a nice race, weight considered. Pupil would have been In tne
money had he not been bumped through the stretch by El Rey. La Calma could not get to
the front. Lomond won't do. Scratched— Onyx 110, Alturaa 110, Little Gun 104, Casdala
110. , , v £^
3414. SECOND RACE — Six furlongs; selling; tttree-year-olds and up\ to first. $325.
BettlnK.
Indfex Horse, Age. Weight. St. Vs. %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. C L
3377 Irate 4 ...; 102 4~ B~4 2^. 2 % 1 n Buffington & Co.. Rowan 6 0
3406 Clarando, 6 ..:..1O3 1. 2 1 11%11 2 4 K. M. Borchert.. Jackson 2 8-5
3306 Mam. Hildreth, 4.1W3 7 4h 6 3 4 3 3 4 G. Burger Troxler t> .7-2
:«41 ¦ Scallywag. 4 102 5 - 32 3 1 3 2 43 ,- J. L. Crooks .Hoar 8 8
3227 Our Lizzie, a.... 100 66161 5" 168 W. H. Ketcheman.Maths 3 5
3400 B. Bohmanson 4aO2 3 114 1 G 5 65 ' Klunder & Burns.Ransch 6 1
3405 Talma;' 5 .105 2 7 6 7 10 7 10 7 12 P. G. Lynch J. Daly 1Q 2o
3412 InvlctuB. 4 ....;. 102 8 8 8 8 8 Jamea Wilson.. -L. Daly 20 30
Time— Vi :26J$;.% :53%; %, 1:22. Good start. Won first three driving. Winner. Buf- .
fington & McAtee's ch.m. by Brioso-Vlvace. Irate, ridden by a green boy, wa3 best. Ciar- c
ando made the pace and was tired when Challenged. ' Mamie Hildreth, away none too well,
ran a good race/ Our Lizzie may improve. Bohmanson retired «arly. Invlctua no ac-
Scratched— El Mido 105. - _ i .
3415. THIRD RACE— Three, and a half furlongs;' two-year r olds; to first, $325.
,T7 ; ~~" T~~~ — 7~~- i I ~ ! ', Betting.
Index Horse and Weight. St. Vi. .%. 'Str. "Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
(3072) Bell Reed '......ill 2 ... 14 13 1 1% W. U Stanfleld.. Jackson 9-10 4-5
(3320) Nlgrette 10S 3 ... 33 21 28 Jennings & Co.. Troxler 4 4
3385 Hudson'...... 111 6 ... 4 1*31 3 2 B. Schreiber Ransch 4 <
(3«42) Tom Mitchell 108 V ¦-...* 2 2 4 4 4 3 G. P. McNeil .. O'Connor 4 4
.;..- Katanga ....... 103 5 .... 5 2 5 3.53 A. B. Spreckel3..Blrkrth 40. 20O
.... Dutch Princess... .103 7 ... 7 2 ¦ 6 1 6 1 M. Allman W. Day 100 300
3379 Discharged ...r.. 103 I/!.. 6 5 7.2 7 2 H. E. Rowell. . ..J. Daly 60 100
.... Donami .........106 9- ...-0:8183 . Montana Stable.... .Hoar 30 2C0
Dug Martin ......106 8 ... 84' 9 ; 9 |L. A. Blaslng'me.L. Daly 60 -20
Time-^i,':26;3&f, ,:45. -Fair start. ' Won' all out. Second and third driving. Winner W
L.- Stanfield's ch. c. by Captive-Miss Gentry. Winner has speed to bun*. He stumbled
' and nearjy fell eighty yards from the wire. Tom Mitchell grew weary chasing him. Nl
grette ran to form. Scratched — Oroslus 106, Delsegno J _____ tAO _ ,;_, ,_, -, ,
3416. FOURTH RACE— Six and a half furlongs; selling; 4-year-old3 and up; to flrat. »325.
¦ •¦¦ I •.¦ . - ¦ , I ¦.-.-. . ¦ [ . ¦ ¦ - Bettipg.
Index [Horse. Age. Weight. St. *S. %.' Str. Fin.. :ir Owner and Jockey. Op. - Cl.
3376 Impromptu, 4'.... 108 5 5 5 : 3n In Montana Stable.. Ransch 7-5 8-5
3398 Dorian, a ....108 1 "22 -In 12 23 G. B. .Morris. . .O'Connor 5 3
3399 Dunblane. 5. Ill 2 In 2h23 34 Jennings & Co.. .Troxler 7-5 6-5
'3400 ' Gusto, 5 ...Ill 4 3% 34 4 15 4 10 P. Howley. Hoar 10 30
(3375) Mission, 5. ..108 3 48 465 5 James .Wilson. ..Jackson 12 30
Time— :V*; :26; %, :53: %. 1:2294; 6%f, 1:29%. "Baa start. Won first three' driving.
', :. Winner. 'Montana Stable's b. h. by Crescendo-Amida, Slow to get away and lacking early
speed. Impromptu dropped from the clouds. O'Conndr on Dorian made wide turn into
- stretch, carrying Dunblane with him, later ' on finishing down on the rait. - Troxler on
Dunblane took back at head ot stretch, losing considerable ground. Gusto quit. Too
sticky for Mission. ( Scratched — True Blue 10S.
3417. FIFTH RACE— One mile and a sixteenth; selling; 4-year-olc!a and up; to first, $323.
Index Horse, Age. Weight. St. j %. ,%. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
I (3404) Ldy Meddlesm, 6.101 2 3 2 2 % 1~^£ 1~2 A. G. Blakeley. .Ransch 1 3^5
3406 Grand «achem. a.103 1 2 *£ 3 8 2 8 2 15 J. J. Moran..Blrkenruth 6 -» 7
34a3 Sea Lion, a 106 3 12 12 35 S5 P. G. Lynch Troxler 4 7
3383 The Gaffer. 4 . 09 4 4 1% 4 2 4 1 4 1 J. H. Simpson .Hoar 30 ' 50
(3339) Nilgar. 6 109 6 54 55' 65 5 15 Mra. Jones & Co.Jackson S-5 13-5
-3307 iBllly Lyons, 4...103I 5 6 6 .0 6 |J.B. Bortano... Webster 20 60
Time— V*. :25?4: %, :52; %. 1:20; mile, 1:49%; 1 l-16ra, 1:55%. Good start. Won easily.
Second and third driving. Winner,- A. G. P.lakeley's b. m. by Meddler-Little Lady II
Easy for th$ Lady. Sachem ran a fair race. Too far for Sea Uon. Nilgar lacked Bpead."
no showing. ¦ . J- *^ *
341S. SIXTH RACE— Seven furlongs; gelling; three-year-olds and upward; to first, $3-^5.
Index Horse, Age, Weight. St. -> K,~. #. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. 6p? tU^L
(3400) Horton, 6...... ..103 1 3n 3 2 1 1% 1 1 J. McGovern T Ransch " 7-5 n in
Kickumbob. 5.... 96 4 -.- B'XO^g- * J T 2 1 G. bT MoSta.V: .JacS 12
3391 Educate, 4 91 2 2 3 1 4^31 W. E. Cotton... J Daly r» 40
3374 Waterscratch. 3. .08 6 6. 6 5242G. Summers & Co Hoar S \ ft ?
3376 Wyoming, a 10S 3 4 1% 4 4 6 5 5 J. G Brow" & Co j Wds 3 5^
3396 Bassenzo, 3...... 94 5 1% 1% 2^ 6 Joseph Maiden. Wlnslettl I ig
r 2 i 6^ ; %i :54: % V 1 V 2 , 1 J-. 7/ *' 1: . 36^i. Good start «»«pt Waterscratclr. Won first
three driving. Winner, J. McGovern's ch. h. by El - Rayo-F"usHlade"<» T^iat Wnirr
stumbled a couple of times or he would have won further off? Wa"erscrltc^twky P^rly*
Wyoming should have been closer up. Bassenzo outfo^^ed through the stretchT
O^AKLAND RACETRACK— Monday, March^lO.— Weather jne^TrackJieavy.
3413. ' v FIRST RACE— Futurity, course; selling; f ouT-yeax-olda ' and up ; to first. $325.
THE GAUL'S K,-A.OI3STG5- FORM CHART.
MONTE CARLO, March 10.— The semi
final round of the international chess
tournament was played to-day. Marco
and Gunsbergr had byes. At adjournment
of the early session the victors were Pills
bury over Mortimer; Marcozy over Popiel.
and Albin over Regglo. Schlechter and
Wolf and Mason and Elsenberg drew. In
the afternoon Janowski won from Mar
shall, Napier from Tschigorin, Telchmann
from Tarrasch and Mieses from Scheve.
International Chess Tournament.
The stewards of the California Jockey
Club have restored Arthur Heinrichs to
good standing on the turf. Some six
years ago, when a rider of rare promise,
Heinrichs became a member of the Little
Pete clique, and when the big upheaval
came was indefinitely suspended. Jockeys
Jerry Chorn and Chevalier, along with
Trainer Dow Williams, were ruled off the
turf for life. Several others were just a3
deep In the mire, but through some hook
or crook escaped." :Two riders now in
Europe played in big luck. Heinrichs is
at present a Pullman conductor.
Track Notes.
J. Ransch rode the last three winners
on the card./
After an absence of some weeks W. L.
Stanfleld's colt Bell Reed made his re-
A youngster named Rowan, green as
the- grass on the club-house lawn, rode
Irate in the second event. The ring laid
9 and 10 to 1 about the mare, and Rowan
brought. her up in time to win by a neck
from Clatando. The last named starter
had Lee Jackson up, and was played from
Vh. to-8< to - 5 favoritism. Show honors
went to Mamie Hildreth.
event at Oakland yesterday,
and while endeavoring to cover all the
territory in sight had a hard fall just
after passing the wire, besides getting
beaten. Not only that, but Troxler on
Dunblane, following -right at his heels,
was unable to miss the spill, going down
in a .heap also. Fortunately the spot
where the "horses tumbled was muddy,
and beyond giving the occupants of the
stand a scare the accident was attended
by no serious results. Impromptu, the
eventual winner, of the race, was at one
time so far in the rear that his chances
seemed hopeless. However, Ransch per
severed, and in a hard drive, downed
Dorian a neck. At the head of the stretch
Troxler, astride of Dunblane, the favor
ite, was carried wide by O'Connor. Tak
ing his mount up he then dropped in on
the inside of Dorian, which maneuver
cost; him considerable ground.
Many of the starters in tbe different
events 'found it hard drilling through the
deep, holding footing, and failed to an
swer roll call at the wire. Under such
adverse circumstances the favorites - be
haved splendidly, El Rey, Bell Reed,
Lady- Meddlesome and Horton scoring
at fair quotations. The fair weather atr
tracted a larger attendance than usual.
O'Connor had the mount on El Rey in
the introductory Futurity course sprint,
and by a persevering ride got the decision
from Urchin In a drive. The latter horse
cut out the running, losing finally by less
than a length. The winner went to the
post a 9 to 5 favorite. Harry Thatcher
at 12 to 1' ran third.. ¦¦¦¦'¦
Vttt -pINNIE O'CONNOR had the
/\ / mount on Green Morris' old
\VXV h °rse, Dorian, the six
V V and a half furlong selling
CHICAGO. March 10.— Martin Duffy. | the
Chicago light weJpht; defeated (Matty Mat
thews, the Brooklyn welterweight, in, a
six-round contesfat the America Club tb,
nlght. .-., .. ¦,,;¦..>.¦/.,,:.* v ,:..¦;.;::•:•:. .-.-4.'
Duffy Defeats Matty^lffiatthews.
,\ Sixth race,^selling,', slic" furlongs— Sir ¦ Chrls
i.lnlrr;Tu^. V l!Si: cl^ ; .se C ond._-. Devonne
,y Second : race/ four furlongs — Tonr'Maybln
won. Impetuous .second, Eufala third> ' Time.
¦ :49V6. •'-¦'.:'¦;. '•••¦.•¦"¦''..••',..•; -¦. ¦ •• ¦:; "-•-;!.
;„ Third race, steeplechase,'/ . handicap, ¦ : short
course— Helen • Paxton won, Torreon • second.
Old -Fox third. '¦•.Tlme,l".2:58. "i ¦ ¦','.'''>/ ¦'.>
...Fourth .race, "handicap, one*. mileTand' a' six
teenth— Felix Bard- won,' El .: Ghor. ..second.
Johnnie McCarthy, third. : Time." 1 :46%.v •. -¦.
• r Fifth racer one mile andian eighth, selling—
Jena won. -Big Injun second, - Deponan third.
Time, 1:64%. ~ ¦ : . •
...First race, ; Belling, on« mile — Sir Kingston
won, Dan Paxton second. Rowdy G third.
Time,- 1 :4i:' ' , : . v .- ,\~'- , :
Racing Results at New Orleans'/'*
The formal transfer of the. baseball 'arid
football grounds at Sixteenth and Folsom
streets from the Mechanics'^nstitute to
the American Steel and. Wire Company : of
New Jersey was consummated yesterdav
b Y; J he^ fllIng of a deed, dated ; March 8
with the Recorder., .. Although- the con
sideration named in' the -deed- -fa ?10 the
actual consideration was $90,000.- The ri^w
owners will take Immediate possession
and erect buildlnes for an j extensive wire
rope plant in addition: to;, the one^new
located on Bay street ¦•• ¦-
Football Grounds Must Go.
1 NEW YORK, March 10.— The statement
was published here, to-day that J. Pier
pont: Morgan, at the j reception . given to
Prince. Henry, at the New York Yacht
Club. last night, said he would Immediate
ly put the -Columbia in commission and
send her the ocean to < race any
yacht on the ¦ other side. -Morgan, after
reading the published statement, f. said :
."'That article does not' correctly^quote
me., What I didlsay was that if 'there
was any one ; over there that wanted to
race the Columbia I ; would send her
over." 1 .- : "'- ¦ . ¦ ¦ \ ¦'¦¦'. ' ' '. ' ' ' ¦ ' • V . ,
. Morgan declined tp discuss ,the possi
bility of the cup; winner- going abroad . or
on. what conditions he would allow her to
race against a foreign yacht. ' .
Pierpont Morgan. Says That He Is
Willing to Put the Yacht in
¦'.'•. "... ' ' 'Commission.
COLUMBIA MAY CiROSS
- ; THE OCEAN FOR A RACE
Selections for To-Day.
First Race-^Mocorito. Aritolee, Blackthorn, j
. Second' Race^ — Delsegno, Gulda. Temprano.
Third. Race — Jim McCleevy, Ned Dennis. El
HeyJ " . • . :
Fourth Race— Lodestar, Hungarian, Sunello.
Fifth V Race — Tower of. Candles, Botany,
Edinborough. * '
- . Slx . th Race— Duke of York; Loyal S, Courtier.
Rival Hotel-Keepers' Feud.
John Mullen and Hugh Jennings swore
out .warrants in Judge /Cabanlss' court
¦ yesterday, for the arrest of James Gately.
| proprietor of the Potrero Hotel, and Wil
fi;am Murphy and J. McBride on the
j charge of battery. Sunday, March 2, Mc-
Bride and. Murphy and three others who
live in Gately's hotel went to William
lvruger's hotel, 319 Louisiana street, and
raised a row, for which they were ar
rested. Friday night Mullen and Jennings,
who live at Kruger's hotel, went to Gate
»ly's place and Were, they, alleged, at.
tacked by Gately. McBride and Murphy.
I The men are all non-union machinists.
both wills S. K Abbott Jr. and W
Brooks Jones, a nephew of the deceased
are named as executors. As their leeacip*
In the first will, like those of T ' Skelton
Jones, a brother, and J. Brodie. Jones, an.
other nephew, are K undisturbed .by the
second will, they. will not enter Into the
contest. . ¦¦•.-._¦.'-'¦ ••->-. ,.-...,
The matter of 'the petition . for. the ad
mission of the will bearing, the Jater date
to probate came up in Department 9 'of
the Superior . Court yesterday but -was
put over for one week. • Attorney E J
McCiitchen, who represents .the' sisters'
asked for, the continuance and announced
that it was probable that he would' file a
contest to the lead pencil will on behalf
of his clients. * v<>att4t<!&!&ugg££>.
. The charitable organizations .that are
made beneficiaries in the first will are' the
Bishop Armitage Orphanage, Maria Kin
Orphanage St. Luke's Hospital and the
Old Ladles Home, of the Grace Episcopal
Church. They > are each- left- $500* .--. The
second will. provides that the Old Ladies'
Home, shall receive one-half of the re
sidue and the two orphanages and • St
Lukes Hospital each one-third of the
remainder. - -
There is every prospect that a contest
over the estate of the late Winfleld Scott
Jones will soon be commenced In the Su
perior Court. Jones was a banker, who
left an estate worth several hundred thou
sand dollars. ' He also left two wills, one
of which is a regularly executed docu
ment, bearing date of July; 15, .1893, while
the other is 1 written in lead pencil and
flated August 31, 1901. In the first men
tioned document Jones made several be
quests tea brother, two nephews and
charitable organizations and made" his
sisters, Virginia and Mary Jones, of
Washington, D. C, residuary legatees. In
the will written in lead pencil he left the
bequests to his brother and nephews un
changed, but made the. charitable organ
izations residuary legatees, leaving his
sister Mary $15,000 and his sister Vir
ginia $20,000. . ¦ «¦ :- ¦; ;?¦
ljt. de Vecchl was seen last evening and
he Etated that. the Misses 'Friedlander
were.. In a precarious condition.. . Neither
of the sisters had been able to partake of
any food for the 1 last month /and they
were in a very feeble state. Dr. de Vec
chi said that he <?6uld not state whether
the r-atient3 would succumb or recover—
he could only hope for the best.
tr. Cary - Friedlander, secretary - of the
Produce Exchange, is a brother .of the
young ladies. Both sisters have a host
of friends and the .unfortunate "patients
are dally recipients - of many anxious in
quiries as to their condition.
A little more than a month ago Miss
May Friedlander, the younger sister, suf
fered a slight burn on the foot, which de
veloped into a^ wound. She did not 'pay
any particular attention to it, but applied
slmpie home remedies.
The wound refused to heal and when
the family physician. Dr. F. de Vecchl,
was called in he found that the young
laay was sutfering with erysipelas. .
Her condition grew worse and she was
removed to the Lane Hospital. A few
days after her removal " her sister, Miss
Fannie Friedlander,' was taken ill and
Dr. de Vecchi was hastily summoned.
He found that Miss Fannie had contract
ed erysipelas from her. sister through a
slight cut in her finger and it was neces
sary to also remove ner. to the hospital.
The two elsters are in a dangerous con
dition. ?
Society, of which they were formerly
prominent members, .applauded the heroic
work of the Misses Friecuander and their
business, venture had every prospect of
being most successful. .
When family misfortune recently over
took the two young .ladies, they bravely
determined to win their way in the world
and decided to start* a catering establish
ment.
. The many friends of the Misses May
and Fanny Frledlander will learn with
deep regret that the two daughters of
the once famous grain king of California
are battling for life at the Lane Hospital
at Clay and Webster streets, suffering
from the dread malady, erysipelas.
WILL PROBABLY
FILE CONTEST
Fourth Race— Mile and fifty yards, selling;
three-year-olds and upward: i
3414 Invictus . Oil 3412 Lodestar .....103
3380 Sunello ...... 98 3412 Legal Maxim. 8*
(340S)Tyranus . v..: . 04 |(3412)Hungarian . .109
Fifth Race-^-Six furlongs,- selling; three
year-olds and upward:,
(3403)Botany ...... lCOr 3357 T. of CandhMUOO
33W Edinborough .108 3411 Bragg ... . . . .103
.3355 Parsifal ...;.1O2|
Sixth Race— One', mile, selling; four-year
olds and upward:
33R0 MaJ. Hooker.. Ill 3302 Loyal S . . .'; 107
8404 D. of York -11.111^8397 Courtier .....107
;«(J7« Elmer L . . ..110 3417 Billy Lyons...l07
¦' Third Race— Seven furlongs, ' selling; four
year-olds and upward:
3406 JJed Dennis ..110 3407 Killeen ......110
3413 H. Thatcher.. 110 3108 Rio Chico ...110
-3406 The Singer ..,110 (3413)E1 Rey 107
2668 J. McCleevy.. 113 - '
Entries at Oakland Racetrack.
Following are the entries for this after
noon's events:
( First Race— Six furlongs, selling; three-year
olds and upward (
3121 Atedo 108 3407 Blackthorn 7. .&7
•*407 Belario ¦ 10:; S412 Golden Liirht Ift^
««1 Little Gun ..101 33tO Sand "de £« 95
t™ £ n S l % 107 S3W The Elk .... 103
•3396 GoW ¦ Baron.,.100 1 30S3 Elfouse ;1OJ
f/oiRaT. 1 ?.:::::^ 3227Mlke *** -iob
Second Race — Four furlongs, selling: two
year-olds:
*3fO2)Gulda 103 (3379)Delsegno ...\.110
S«2 Clarlnette . ...103 3402 The Phantom. 107
2402 Temprano 105 -,, .
Jimmy Britt, the lightweight boxer, who
is rapidly forging his way to the top of
his class, was last night presented with
a beautiful loving cup by his friends. The
presentation was made at a banquet ten
dered him at a downtown rotisserle. It
v. - as a complete surprise to Jimmy and
he was greatly touched by the kindness
of his friends.
Britt was inveigled to the restaurant by
Charles Reno, his sparring partner. He
was told that a dinner for four had been
arranged. Unsuspectingly he entered the
dining-room and was greeted with vocif
erous cheers by the guests. On the cup
were engraved the words wttered by
Caesar: "Vent Vidi, Vici"— "I came, I
saw, I conquered." On the other side were
the words: "To Jimmy, with compli
ments of the bunch."
In' expressing his heartfelt appreciation
for the gift. Britt took occasion to tell
his triends of. his reasons for entering the
ranks of the professional pugulists. He
said that as an amateur he had defeated
every roan pitted against him and no one
In his class desired to try conclusions
with him. He was then induced to display
his talents in the professional class and
so far had been successful. He assured
his friends he would strive to retain their
good opinion of his ability as a boxer by
rising to the top. He said he would never
battle with a negro, but would always be
ready to meet the white man who con
quered a member of the colored race.
Brltt's sentiments were received . with
hearty applause.
Among those seated at the banquet
board were: Henry Bordfelt, W. H. Zan
der, J. Leonard Johnson. M. H. Heley. C.
D. Mangels. Williart M. Pratt, William
F. Britt, Daniel D. B. Dwyer, G. Gun
ther, Mont. Harris, Charles Reno, Dr. C.
J. Mogan, J. Crowley. \Fred Bender, F.
Wilkinson, John J. Greely, William J.
O'Connell. Curtis Richardson, Matt Tier
ney, Ed Perkes, E. W. Gunther.- P. A.
Dun-worth. J. A. Sorensen, J. Kelly, Wil
liam Sawyer and H. Findley. ¦
JIMMY BBITT IS GIVEN . >' ;
A HANDSOME LOVING CUP
Moody is comparatively a young man,:
being in his forty-ninth year. . He is' a :
lawyer by profession, being a graduate:
of Phillips Academy, Andover, Mass.,
and Harvard University. ; He had been
District Attorney for the eastern district
of Massachusetts, and has served in the
Fifty-fourth, Fifty-fifth, Fifty-sixth and
Fifty-seventh Congresses, being ¦• elected
as a Republican. He was born in New-'
bury, Mass., but now resides at Haver
hill. Moody expects to assume charge of
his new office May 1.
Representative . Moody of Massachus
etts began to rise to prominence during
his first term in the House, when Speaker
Reed selected him frequently to preside
over the committee of the whole, and pre
dicted for him a brilliant legislative ca
reer. -As a member of the Appropriations
Committee he has since led several fights
In the House, notably in connection with
the contest between . the navy and
Geodetic Survey over the Jurisdiction of
deep water surveys. He secured the adop
tion of a resolution on an appropriation
bill raising Dewey to the rank of admiral.
Brilliant Public Career of Moody. ;
Moody's selection was the outepme of
an 1 interesting contest. There were no
less than halt a dozen aspirants, but the
struggle finally narrowed down, to the
two Representatives in Congress, Foss of
Illinois, chairman of the Naval Commit
tee of the House, who had the energetic
support of his Western colleagues, and
Moody, for whom -Senator Lodge made
the winning fight. It i was for a time in
doubt whether Moody would not be placed
in some important foreign mission rather
thanin the Navy Department, but he pre
ferred to stay at home. -. . t '¦¦< >-
CONGRESSMAN WHO WILL
SUCCEED SECRETARY OF
- THE NAVY LONG.
TWO SISTERS
ARE STRICKEN
... — — • >-
White House,
WASHINGTON. March 10. 1902.
My Dear Mr. Secretary: It is with very
Fincere regret that I accept your resignation, I
shall always count It a privilege, not only to
have served with you during- the last six
months but i to have served under you at the
outset of President McKinley's administration.
I have seen you In both relation, and It has
never been my good fortune to be associated
with any public man more single-minded In his
devotion to the public interest. Our relations
have not been merely official, but also those of.
personal friendship. .
May all the good fortune you richly deserve
attend you wherever you go. Sincerely yours,
. THEODORE ROOSEVELT.
To the Hon. John D. Long, Secretary of the
Navy.
submitted his resignation in
a felicitous letter, it being accepted in
one equally felicitous by the President.
The change was made complete by the
Eelection of Representative William, Hen
ry Moody of the Sixth Congressional Dis
trict of Massachusetts as Long's suc
cessor in the Navy Department. This
change has been expected for a long
time. Long had intended to retire at the
beginning of the late President McKin
ley's second term, but he consented to
remain until certain lines of policy In
which he was involved were more satis
factorily arranged. Then when President
Roosevelt succeeded, though anxious to
return to private life— for Secretary Long
will never again enter public life— a
strong feeling of loyalty toward Roose
velt indbced the Secretary to defer his
retirement until it was convenient for the
President to make a ' change. Recently
Long has been in Massachusetts making
arrangements with his old legar connec
tions to re-enter the practice of law, and
be has had his house at Hingham put in
order for his occupation. When Long
entered the Cabinet originally he was' an
active member of the firm of Hemingway
Ac Long, a well known legal firm of Bos
ton. He always has maintained a silent
connection with the concern, and will
again become an active partner. The cor
respondence exchanged to-day Is as fol
lows:
President Accepts the Resignation.
' " Navy Department, .
WASHINGTON. March 10, 1902. ,
My Dear Mr. President: Will you accept this
as my resignation of the Secretaryship of the
Navy — to take effect on the first day of May
or sooner, of course. If you shall at any time
so wish? It has been to me a delightful serv
ice. I leave the official circle of your Cabinet,
in which my association with you and its mem
bers has been bo happy, with high appreciation
of your administration and with most cordial
good wishes for Its success and for you person
ally. Very truly yours, jOHN D. LONG.
To the President. " . .
WASHINGTON. March 10.— The
third change In the Cabinet
of President Roosevelt oc
curred when Secretary Long
Earl G. Westmore, alias F. Wilson, the
ex- convict who pleaded guilty in Judge
r?unne's court Friday to a charge of as
sault to murder and a. charge of assault
vith a deadly weapon, appeared for sen
tence yesterday. The Judge sentenced
him to eight years in San Quentin on the
ft!?t mentioned charge and two years^on
th<> second. He had a prior conviction
OSStast him for burglary in the first de-
KTce in ICings County.
On Christmas night "Westmore shot and
seriously wounded Hans Alverson. night
clerk in the Montgomery Hotel, 227 Sec
ond street, because he was ordered out.
for being drunk and raising a disturb
ance, and also shot and seriouslv wound
ed Charles Tenne, a bartender, who hap
pitjed to be. passing the hotel at the time
on his way home. Tenne's life was
d:«=j>aJred of for some time, but now he is
able to be around on crutches.
constrained to believe that his plea of guilt}*
could only have beta interposed with the hope
that an individual would be less likely to as
sume the responsibility of declaring that h*
ehould . forfeit hie life than would twelve men
act ing collectively. If a mere plea of guilty'
{'ould produce euch a. result, the most diabolical
murderers — and ¦ the evidence shows this de
fendant to be such — could always go unwhipt
of justice and es=aj>e their merited punish
ment for crime by merely confessing their guilt
when arraigned at the bar of justice, trusting
to the weakness of an individual as compared
with a collective body.' I cannot, in the light
of my duty, ae I eee It. permit myself to set
•?uch a precedent, much as I would like to be
relieved of the responsibility of taking a hu
man life and sending the soul of a brother man
before our Creator. Should I do so, I could
never again expect juries to do their duty.
The law contemplates that all murders, such
s.s the one of which this defendant confesses
himself guilty, should be punished ; bv death,
and should I determine otherwise in this case
It could only be through cowardice, and in ;
vears to come I should always feel myself |
censurable. ' j
Chew Lan Ons. the Chinese who plead
ed fiuilty to murder before Judge Cook
Thursday, was sentenced yesterday to be
hanged, and this morning the Judge will
Mgi.' the death warrant, fixing the date
of txecutlon at San tjuentln. The defend
ant Bhot.and killed Gin Do Hing. a., boy
15 years of age, in the basement at 82*
Washington street on the , morning ot.
July Zi, alleging that, he did I so out of
revenge because the boy's father, and
uncle had robbed him of his inheritance
in China. t / • •
The , J udge was extremely nervous and
<ould not help showing it while deliver
ing judgment. After, dwelling upon the
le.iponsioiiity placed upon him by sec
tion XUl of the Penal Code, he said he
had caret ully read and reread the evi
dence in the case, taken. at the prelimin
ary examination, and haxi found beyond
the shadow of a doubt that the crime
wes a murder of the first degree. From
tli/K evidence submitted there could be no
question but that it was a, cold-blooded,
aellberale and cowardly assassination,
planned deliberately and with premedlta
lion • and malice aforethought. He had
therefore no hesitation in finding the de
gree of the crime to be murder of the
nrst degree. ' .
The Judge continued:
In the light of- the evidence before me I axa
Letitia. A. Little was divorced from T.
R. l.ittle by Judge Graham yesterday for
£ r^r£i They we re married at Oakland
but little more than a month ago.
f^ e }^ n i/-A D^y ls^ was granted a divorce
from C. H. A. Davis. Mrs. Davis charged
her husband with neglect. •-.
Divorces were also granted yesterday to
Claudette H. Mangel from Fred .W. Man-
S? «? r £ ese , rtIon and J- "M. F. Davis from
Nettie Davis for desertion. -
He charges that two months after his
marriage she cut him with a knife, and
that in September and October, 1900, she
threw dishes at him. In November. 19U0
he^ alleges, she again / cut him with a
knife and struck him on the head with
a bottle, compelling him to keep to his
bed for several days. She used a broom,
alleges Doerr, in; September, 1901, arid iii
the following month again assaulted him
: with a knife. In , November of last year,
the plaintiff charges,- she chased- him
-with a. cleaver. -.¦¦,. .. .» . .. —
Suits for divorce were also filed yester
day by B. M. Shone against Sarah Shone
for desertion, and Juliette Roberts
against Eugene Roberts for failure td
provide.
Says She Cut Him.
Louis Doerr is very much afraid of his
wife, Virginia Doerr, to whom he was
married in January, 18S8, according to the
complaint for divorce he filed yesterday.
He charges her with extreme cruelty and
alleges that her actions have caused him
great anguish and fear for Ms life.
Annie Goldberg is: suing tor the annul
ment of her marriage to G. Goldberg, a
postofflce employe. Mrs. Goldberg charges
that on July 8 of last year she met Gold
berg ,and promised to marry him. He
told her, she alleges, that he was receiv
ing a good salary and would provide her
with a nice home. They were married
the next day. ..
"He then told me," alleges Mrs. Gold
berg, "that he never intended living with
me,' and said he was only fooling when he
promised to provide a home for me. Since
the day after, our marriage he has done
nothing for me." -• -
"While I .'was living'"' with my sister,"
said the plaintiff, "he- called me up -on
the ' telephone and when li answered all
he said was,. 'I'll blow youc brains out.'
•Tie did not pay for the
ring; he gav& me, 'and I- was a
great deal by collectors who came to my
house and demanded payment for the rlns.
Finally I was compelled to give the Jewel
up." \ '¦>. ••.'?¦>; •
The Johnstons were married in 1 Febru
ary, 1901. They lived together only one
month, when, Mrs. Johnston says, she
was compelled to leave him, owing to his
cruel treatment. . .
Her little daughter, Alice, corroborated
her testimony: She -testified that her
father came home late, drunk, and that
she saw! 'Him strike her 'mother. .. : '
Jeanette L. Johnston was granted a di
vorce from T. W.* Johnston .by- Judge
Sloss yesterday for extreme cruelty., Mrs.
Johnston, ; who is \ a "rery- pretty, refined
little "woman, testified yesterday that her
husband's cruel actions were varied. She
said he often^ grabbed her.by'the arms,
twisted. them almost out of the sockets,
and 'while holding her in that position
cursed, and.. abused.her.' •. " ¦-
;C -Threatened to "Kill ' Her .' ' %
Lean was' the-, plaintiff in the '.suit. He'
charged his wife with habitual intemper
ance and cruelty. He did. not put in an
appearance; in the- courtroom yesterday.
Mrs.. Lean and, her daughter, 10 years of
age, were there, and their | evidence was
enough to support Mrs. Lean's cross-com
plaint, in "which she charged her husband
with cruelty., Mrs.. Lean testified that her
husband ¦ never came " home until' 3 a. : m. ,
and that when he* did come home he was
usually under Jthe influence "of liquor. She
also said that orj many occasions he had
cruelly beaten her. . . - . '
Judge Kerrigan ganted Mrs. Al Lean a
divorce yesterday i from Al Lean, the
well-known atnlete and trainer, on', the
ground ; of cruelty, and awarded her the
custody of their minor child and $40 per
month alimony..-..
Ten Years for Earl G. West
more,"Who"Wounded Two
Men Cnristmas ' .Night. ¦'
Says Her" 1 ;: Husband Never
. ' vCame^ Home Until
¦f Early Morn.
ChewLan Ong-Sentenced
to Be Hanged for
Killing a Boy.
¦
Spouse of Well-Known
Athlete Gets Divorce
and Alimony.
DEATH PENALTY
FOR A CHINESE
TRAINER LEAN
LOSES HIS SUIT
VANDAL ENTERS
SACRED EDIFICE
Church.
Profanes Sanctuary of St.
Patrick's Catholic
Ereaks Door With Crowbar
and Damages Images
and Crucifix.
St. Patrick's Catholic Church, on Mis
sion street, was entered last Friday night
by some vandal who vras evidently bent
on the wanton destruction of the sacred
objects in the sanctuary and the desecra
tion of the altar. The miscreant gained
entrance to the sacred edifice through a
door In the rear of the church opening
on Jessie street. The door had r.ot been
used in many years and was padlocked.
The vandal succeeded- in breaking the
padlock with a crowbar and an ax ami
in doing so cut and splintered the door.
Owing to the lateness of the hour there
was no one attracted by the loud noiso
that the marauder must have made.
After having secured an entrance he pro
ceeded to destroy whatever he could con
veniently lay his hands on. He took the
lamp, which the ritual of the Catholic
church requires to be kept continually
burning, and poured the oil over the mis
sal, the altar cloths and the sanctuary.
After emptying the contents of the thur
ible on the lloor he ground the . incense
into the caroet with his heels.
With hia crowbar he broke off the wing3
of the marble angel3 which adorned the
sanctuary and damaged their heads and
trunks. The large crucifix in the sanc
tuary was the next to experience the van
dal's fury. He broke both arms of the
Christus and damaged the body of the
sacred image with blow3 from his crow
bar.
Father Cummins, pastor of 8t. Pat
rick's Church, said yesterday that* he was
very thankful that the vandal did not
break open the tabernacle and disturb
the golden chalices containing the euchar
istic particles. Father Cummins reported
the outrage to the police and. two detect
ives were detailed to search for the mis
creant. Owing to the fact that the man
took nothing of value from the church
the police and Father Cummins are of
the opinion that the outrage was perpe
trated by a demented person or by a re
ligious bigot rather than by a therf.
RESULTS OF MONDAY'S RACING AT OAKLAND TRACK
President Selects Representative Moody to
Fill Vacancy When' It Occurs.
SECRETARY OF THE NAVY
TO RETIRE FROM CABINET
appearance as a starter in the 2-year-old
dash. , Extensively backed at 4 to 5,, ho
broke first from the barrier, and was
X\f* r i hesJ ?<; d v : ? Igrette finished second,
eight lengths before Hudson.
t A^ ny J a 3r^, prlce Iooked &ood against
Lady Meddlesome to take the mile and a
sixteenth ¦ selling number. From even
money the odds were quickly cut to 3 to 5.
and Andy Blakeley's mare won in hoUow
fashion. Grand Sachem ran to his notch,
disposing of Sea Lion by a dozen lengths
for the place. -
Following up his two wins on Im
promptu and Lady Meddlesome. Ransch
landed Horton, the favorite, in front, for
the final seven furlong event. Lying seci
ond to Bassenzo* until well into the,
stretch Ransch took the lead with his
mount, leading out Kickumbob a length:
Waterscratch, the second choice, failed
to reach the firing line, after getting
away poorly from the post.
4
DE. PIEBCE'S EEMEDIES.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I Time's Fruitage |
Age matures, ripens, enriches jr
<i, and purifies, hence the superb <*>
. quality of w
I . Baltimore |
I The Highest Standard ±
I 0! the American I
t Gentleman's Whiskey |
X "ntISTJ*WTSECO3niIS3IOJ-CO..Ia«t, X
• v-. Telephone JUia 8^. »
Superior to Apiol, Tansy, Pennyroyal or Steel.
Sure Relief of Pafn and Irregulari-
ties Peculiar to the Sex. v.:
Aplollna Capsolea for three months cost $L
Druggist or p. Q. Box 2091, yerr York.
£ v • iSfc* 1 *^ ' C!T C% ¦
Belt" fwifh 3b 5& A 1 <J e n Electric
guaranteed • u s p e nsory) :»
»w«.tl? doctors and drugsiats. It Kives
*asuy y re^^ rren^ of i Iect -'clty and is
others cln la h ted ; . E ,°«n<J *o -upersed* .
114.-, IPranCl3C .°V O* :
BAY STATE HOUSE. '
SANTA CRUZ, CAL.— MARCH 1 MRS LY-
DIA MATHISON win open the Bay Slit.
House and Cottage3 for the season, newly fur-
nished and refitted. Those who know the lady"a
wide reputation for good cooking will readily
understand that the table win be tho chief
feature of the menage of the Bay State- The
housw-is beautifully situated on Beach Hill
close to tho bathing beach. An attractive hum»
for either the summer or winter at moderate
rates. Open . the year round. For terms ad-
dress: MRS. LYDIA MATHISON Bay Stata
House and Cottages. Santa Crua. • Cal. ¦
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES;
Catalogues and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
COAL. COKE AND Pld IRON.
J. CWII SON & C 1 ) 800 -Battery Street.
J- I- T-mUtt tt W-» Telephone Main 1S64.
FRESH AND "SALT^ MEATS. •¦
JAS- BOYES & CO f. hf PP ln f Butchers,- til
- ' OILS.
RUBRICATING OILS. LEONARD & ELLIS.
41S. Front at.. 3. F. Phone Main mut
~~ PRixriKa.
E-.C EHGHES. /:¦ m £%"£„.
TONTERS. BOOKBINDERS
• .' 25) First 'st ree t tun Franclaca.
Any man can produce a total eclipse
of the sun, so far as he himself is con-
cerned, by holding a dollar close to his
eye. Thetctal eclipse . •
of health is often pro-
duced in much the > )
same way, by letting ~^\ fcr —
the dollar shut out
from view all other
things and interests. ' ' . .
A great many people pay for wealth with
health and admit at last that they have
made a poor bargain, j In the chase of
the dollar people are too eager to take
time to eat regularly or choose proper
food, the stomach becomes disordered or
diseased, the food eat-
$£§& en ceases to nourish,-
and physical break-
<tf**^ J®\ down comes.
yCvJSK Dr. Pierce' s Golden
.4&f\^^l.vv\ \ M e 4ical. Discovery
jfi\\ & \ cures diseases of the
V \ $ *^M stomach and other or-
il'ufl ll gans of digestion and
IIaw.i nutrition and so enables
•¦ isf.U'l ' J tne strengthening of the
TO I body, in the only way by
i^i X^C 1 which strength can be ob-
[mkftAA 1 tained, by food properly
\\wP I I digested and perfectly as-
I iff** "I iRsimilated.
vijB IT. « I suScred for four years with
Kw— rrwr*" pain in lr.y stomach so that at
W fxZtM times I couldn't -work nor eat."
¦ 9r urtl' Titts Mr. Frank Smith, of
A PHI Granite, Chaffce Co., Colo. « I
li tSu I wrote to you about my sickness
I f/jtJ and was told to use your jijedi-
f JP*\ cine, which I did with good
/ ' jfa^-* results. I only used four bot-
»J T.^^»" ties of ' Golden Medical Discov-
KV ; cry.' and must say that I am
/"«•© entirely cured, and feel like a
new tnan, and I can highly recommend your
medicine to any sufferer."
The People's Common Sense Medical
Adviser, 1008 pages, free on receipt of
stamps to pay expense of mailing only.
Send 21 one-cent stamps for the paper-
covered edition, ; or 31 stamps ' for the
cloth-bound volume, to Dr. R. V. Pierce,
Buffalo. N.Y.
This is'a picture of the. Pan : Arnencan; one of the new shape
hats that are- now so popular! It comes in black, pearl, blue pearl
oxford and, steel. It is a very, good' hat for business wear, as-it is
;:; fashionable as well as serviceable. We sell the hat for $1.95. If we "
1 sold it'at hatters' profits instead of 'clothiers' the price would be
$2.5O.V' You, will, find;. this out yourself in the wear of the hat.
At the same price we also have Dunlap Crushers— the kind
* ;that pull down "in- frbnt-H:olprs the same as in the Pan-American.
Out-of-town orders filled— write us.
\\. S '.¦-•¦ -:¦¦¦ ¦;¦'•' _ : - .-¦ ¦-• - " - : . :¦•'._ ¦ : :die ground, page 48. — South end of reef buoy
No. 1, a black, first-class can, has gone adrift
from its station about one-quarter mile's, by
W. from the end of the reef. It will be re
placed as soon as . practicable.
Columbia River, short cut channel from As
toria to Tongue Point crossing, page 87. —
Starboard side of channel buoy No. 2, a red.
first-class spar, was. moved February 24 and
is now- ln 18 feet of water on the following
bearing: Outer 'end of buoy depot wharf
NE. % E.. wreck of Sllva de Grace post liglit
ENE. % E., outer end of Clatsop Mill, wharf
S. by W. % W.
By order of the Lighthouse Board. ¦
W. P. DAY, Commander U. S. N..
Lighthouse Inspector. .
AUSTRIAN SHIP THAT LOST
HER MIZZEN MAST IN A
GALE.
¦ Steamer. . . From. I Due.
Crescent City Crescent City. Mar. 11
C. Nelson Seattle & Tacoma Mar. 11
Columbia Portland & Astoria .... Mar. 11
S. Portland.. Coos Bay .. Mar. 11
Ventura Sydney & Way Ports... Mar. 11
Pomona Humboldt Mar. 11
Mandalay.... Coquille River Mar. 12
Empire Coos Bay Mar. 12
G. Llndauer. . Grays Harbor Map. 12
Victoria..... Comox ..Mar. 12
Pleiades Seattle Mar. 12
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma Mar. 12
Bonita Newport & Way Ports.. Mar. 12
G. Dollar. . . . Grays Harbor ...... Mar. 12
Lakme Portland *' Astoria..... Mar. 13
Progreso Seattle .....Mar.13
Coronado. . . . Banta Barbara Mar. 13
I Queen Puget. Sound Ports...... Mar. 13
Eureka Humboldt ; . Mar. 13
Spokane San Diego & Way Ports. Mar. 13
Point Arena. . Point Arena Mar. 13
Arcata Coos Bay & Port Orford Mar. 13
Del Norte... Crescent City Mar. 13
Mackinaw. . . Tacoma Mar. 14
Rival Willapa Harbor Mar. 14
J. S. Kimball Seattle & Tacoma Mar. 15
Hermonthls.. Hamburg via W. Coast. Mar. IS
Asuncion ..... Tacoma Mar 16
O. W. Elder. Portland & Astoria Mar. 16
State "of Cal.. San Diego & Way Ports. Mar. 16
North Fork. . Humboldt Mar. 38
Leelanaw.... New York via Panama.. Mar. IS
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports Mar. 18
Newburg San Pedro Mar. 18
Peking China & Japan Mar. 19
TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
March 11. ;
Phoenix.... Mendoclno City.... 3 pm Pier 13
Isis....%... Hamburg & Way.. Pier 27
Santa Cruz s a n Pedro & Way.. » am Pier 11
March 12.
North Fork ' Humboldt 0 am Pier 2
San Pedro. . Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
Meteor Seattle & Tacoma.. pm|Pler
State of Cal. San Diego & Way.. 9 amIPier 11
CltyPuebla Puk«J Sound Ports U am Pier 9
March la. • | M , .
Palena Valparaiso & Way.. 12 miPler 10
EmDire . Coos Bay 12 m Pier 13
RaUuer Seattle & N. What. B pm Pier a
y^monaV... Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 9
Iaqua Seattle direct ......] 9 am Pier 28
G. Llndauei Grays Harbor - 3 pm Pier 2
Coronado. . Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
Coptic China & Japan.,.. 1 pm PM83
March 14.
Arcata Coos B. & Pt. Orfd 12 m Pier 13
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma.. 5 pm Pier 3
Columbia.. Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 21
March 15.
Mandalay.. Coqullle River _... 10 am Pier 2
Eureka. . . . Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
Bonita Newport & Way Pts » am Pier 11
G. Dollar.. Gra^ a H ch > °ie." ' ' ' B pm ? ler 2
Spokane.... 6m i S^ k \^ v ' ° am « er «
T nkme Astoria & Portland. Pier —
AmtvII N. Y. via Panama. 2 pm Pier 10
OuMn Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Rival .7. V. Willapa Harbor.... 5 pm Pier 2
March ' 18. . '
Newbunr . . Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
Newport'.. ** % T^
n mder . Astoria it. Portland 11 am Pier 24
Coos Bay.'. San Pedro & Way. 9 am Pier 11
- ' March 2O.
Ventura .- Sydney & Way Pts 10 am Pier 20
Alliance:.. Portland & Coos B Pier —
J. Klmball. Seattle & Tacoma. . 10 am Pier 2
Teachers' Club Meets.
The San Francisco Teachers' Club held
its regular monthly meeting last night at
from New York, for Naples and Genoa.
Sailed March 9 — Stmr Hohenzollern, from
Genoa, and Naples, for New York.
LIVERPOOL — Arrived March 10 — Stmr
Georgic, from New York.
LONDON— Arrived March 10— Stmr Glen
shlel, from Tacoma, Yokohama, etc.
ANTWERP— Sailed March 8 — Stmr Zeeland
(not New York, as previously reported), for
British port to undergo repairs. ' •¦
CALCUTTA— Sailed March 9— Stmr Ventnos.
for San Francisco. * -
NEW YORK — Arrived March 10 — Star Stat
endam, from Rotterdam.
Arrived March 10 — Stmr Aller, from Genoa,
Naples and- Gibraltar.
SOUTHAMPTON-^Sailed March 10— Stmr
Moltke, from Hamburg, for New York, via
Cherbourg, s *
OCEAN STEAMERS.
GIBRALTAR — Arrived March 9 — Stmr Lahn.
per, from New Whatcom.
VALPARAISO— Arrived March 7— Schr Lot
tie Bennett, from Chemalnus.
SANTA ROSALIA — Sailed March 7 — Bktn J
M Griffith, for Port Hadlock-
CALCUTTA— Sailed March fr— Br «tmr Vent
nor, for* San Francisco.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived' March 10— Br ship
Celtic Chtef. hence Oct 16.
FLEETWOOD — Arrived March 10 — Br.: ship
Engelhorn, hence Sept 16.
LONDON — Arrived March 10 — Br etmr Glen
shiel, from. Tacoma.
VICTORIA — Arrived March 10^ — Br bark
Gwydyr Castle, from Panama; stmr Umatilla,
hence March 7. . . -.•;'•
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. For. Sails.
Bertha Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Mar. 12
City Seattle.. Ska«way & Way Ports. Mar. 12
Dlrtno Skagway & Way Ports. Mar. 14
E Thompson. Cooks Inlet. & Way Pts. Mar. 15
Norn* City... Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Mar. 15
Al-Ki.. ...'..• Skagway & Way Ports. Mar. 1G
Cottage City. Skagway & Way Ports. Mar. 16
DolDhin ' Skagway & Way Ports. Mar. IS
Farallon Skagway & Way Ports. | Mar. 20
Sun. Moon and Tide.
United State* Coast and Geodetic Survey—
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent. '
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the ¦ city front tMlsslon-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point:
the height of tide is the same at both places.
Captain L. P. Harvey of the Pacific Coast
Steamship Company has returned from Wash
ington D. C where he has been attending the
Grand Harbor of the Masters' and Pilots' As
sociation. He says San Francisco Harbor No. 15
has more than twice as many members as any
other harbor ln the country. Partly owing to
Captain Harvey's efforts the Grand Harbor has
now been divided Into four districts — Atlantic,
Lakes, Gulf and Pacific. Captain Harvey
brings away from Washington a pleasant recol
lection of a meeting with President Roosevelt.
The President visited the Grand Harbor and
each of the delegates was introduced to him.
When he met the representative of Harbor 16
the President grasped his hand, looked him
Biggest Harbor in America.
Among the passengers were: J. H. Ankrom,
C. H. Birdsall. Mrs. C. H. Birdsall. Miss E.
Craig, C. C. Felton, F. O. Guirschmann, J. S.
Hall. J. Horner, H. B. Hunt, Mrs. H. B. Hunt,
K. Ito and son, Mrs. H. H. Johnstone, A. Kln
>ln, K. Kitajima, O. Neilson, Miss M. Okada,
Mrs. M. Reilly, T. Shoe, D. A. Socci, A. F.
fitoeger. ;'¦*. .
The Toyo Klsen Kalsha's steamship America
jkaru arrived yesterday from the Orient. In
spite of heavy weather from port to port the Ja
panese liner lived up to her schedule throughout
the voyage. She is twenty-five days from Hong
kong and six days seven hours from Honolulu.
Among the passengers was F. O. Guirschmann,
the chief engineer in charge of the construction
of the Trans-Siberian Railroad. J. H. Ankrom,
a prominent Manila merchant, was a passenger
and D. A. Socci. the Barnum of the Philippines,
came across the Pacific ln search of novelties.
America Maru Arrives.
The schooner Gotama. -which left here Sun
day for Coos Bay. returned yesterday for re
pairs She struck heavy weather soon after
leaving and when off the Farallones sprung a
leak which necessitated her return to port.
She had three feet of water ki her hold when
ehe anchored off llelggs wharf.
The British seallne; schooner Vera also came
Into port in distress. .She was out on her regu
lar sealing: cruise and on March 5 ran Into
some heavy weather, from which she emerged
badly shaken up and minus her boats. She came
here for two new boats and while ln port will
have her rigging thoroughly overhauled. Her
catch up to date amounts to about thirty seals.
Other Vessels in Distress.
As the mast snapped the big ship right
ed her&elf and all hands took a rest. A
course was then laid for San Francisco,
which was reached yesterday afternoon.
The Deveron will discharge her cargo
here and undergo thorough repairs before
proceeding on her voyage.
There was no opportunity for any dis
play of axmanship. The spar parted after
two hours of painful pecking, and the ap
pearance of the remaining stump would
suggest that the Deveron's mizzenmast
had fallen victim to an attack of beavers.
The Deveron left Eureka March 1 with
a carpo of lumber for Liverpool. She en
countered heavy weather soon after leav
ing port, and on March 5, in a fierce
northwester, was boarded by a sea that
completely gutted cabin and forecastle
and threw tne ship on her beam ends.
The ship failed to recover herself, and
for two hours the port rail was under
water. The panic which followed the up
set was quickly dissipated by Captain
AJartinolich. who persuaded the terror
stricken seamen that their only hope for
safety lay in promptly obeying his orders.
He ordered the mizzenmast cut away
close to the deck. Under ordinary cir
cumstances this would have been a sim
ple task for stury seamen armed with
sharp axes. Under the conditions that
prevailed on the Deveron, however. It was
an undertaking fraught with peril and in
volving herculean labor.
The elope of the deck was perpendicular
when deck and water, which covered the
combings of the main hatch, were not at
acute angles. Heavy seas broke over the
craft, which rocked and tossed and
tumbled and made even holding on a
gymnastic feat that strained every mus
cle. In spite of the difficulties, however,
the Deveron sailors worked. They held on
with one hand and plied the ax with the
other. •' • ..
and one, bound here, arrived in a
leaking condition. Of the vessels in dis
tress, the condition of the Austrian ship
Deveron was the most serious. That she
arrived at all Is due to the prompt action
of Captain Martinolich, who, by sacrific
ing the mizzenmaat, saved ship, cargo
and the lives of all aboard.
SAN FRANCISCO was popular yes
terday as a harbor of refuge for
disabled sailing craft. Three ves
sels put into this port in distress,
The steamer Eureka arrived here yes
terday from Seattle, after a rough trip
of sixteen- days. Her first and second
mate were both injured during: a heavy
Ftorm. First mate J. W. O'Connor se
verely injured his •wrists by a fall and
second mate George JIansfleld fell into
the hold and broke two ribs.
Judge Little of Hilo has a contempt case
which threatens to raise a storm in that
city and .possibly in Honolulu. Little
ordered Sheriff Andrews to have fines
paid in to the clerk of the court, instead
oi remitting them himself to Honolulu.
Andrews did not obey the order, acting, it
is said, on the order of Attorney General
I>ote. He •was summoned to answer for
contempt, but the Judse has not yet ren
dered any decision. It has been suggested
tl.ar the court, may jtroceed against the
Attorney General in the matter.
Two murder cases were reported from
other islands by the local steamers ar
riving here on Saturday and Sunday. One
Is that of a Chinese physician at Hana
pepe, Kauai, who has been missing for
several weeks. On the night of February
31 he spent some hours gambling, and
tinally left his companions with SSOO win
nings on his person. His dead body has
been found in a cane field, the money
taken away. At Naalehu a woman named
tSn. William Thompson was killed after
a low during a drinking bout. She was
the wife of a native attorney. The morn
ici^ after the row she was found outside
her home with her head smashed ln.
Ai their last meeting the Home Rule
Republicans emphatically repudiated a
statement given out recently by one of
their leaders that they had decided to
support Sam Parker for Governor. They
also objected tq Indorsement of Secretary
H. E. C'ocper by Mrs. Wllcox, wife of the
delegate. The oarty adopted resolutions
on both subjects, stating its position, ana
ivill send them to Washington.
The British ship Ellen A. Read, seventy
four days from Manila, bound for Port
Townsend, put in here to-day in distress,
having sprung a leak. She encountered
severe weather a large part of the way.
and is maKing four inches of water an
hour. A board of survey has been ordered
tD examine her and report.
Judge Humphreys ou Saturday rendered
a decision in the divorce case against C.
R. Buckland which it is feared invalidates
a number of divorces granted here since
annexation. Humphreys sustained a.'- de
murrer because the plaintiff had not re
sided here for two years before com
mencing the action. The point had never
Lter. raised here before and it is thought
that some divorces have been illegally
granted in consequence. Humphreys' de
cision was based on a clause of ; the
organic act, which says that no divorces
shall be granted in Hawaii where the ap
plicant has not resided in tne Territory
ror at least two years before bringing the
suit.
The Warren had on board about 700
men. including the second battalion of
the Fifteenth Infantry and about 373 re
cruits. They have oeen brought ashore
and are now encamped in Honolulu, in
front of the National Guard barracks.
There is no drydock in Hawaii larse
enough for a vessel like the Warren, and
It was feared for a time that she would
have to lay here indefinitely, or until a
dry dock is constructed at Pearl Harbor.
Kflorts are now being made to repair
the damage, however, and it is thought
trat the will be able to continue her
journey within ten days from now.
HONOLULU. March 3— The army
transport Warren, nhich left here on
February 2S for Manila via Guam, put
back the same day with a disabled pro
j>tl]cr and is still in port. She has lost
on« blade of her propeller and may have
t<- Trait here ten days or more undergoing
r«T&irs.
Troops Are Taken Ashore
and Are Now Encamped
on the Island.
Breaks Propeller Blade
and Has to Put Back
to Honolulu.
WARREN MEETS
WITH ACCIDENT
Time Ball.
; Notice Is hereby elvcn of the following
changes In the aids to navigation ln this dts*
trlet, which affect the List of Beacons : and
Buoys, Pacific Coast, 1902.
Coos Bay, channet across the bar, page 44. —
Outer buoy, a black and white, perpendlcular
ly-strlped, first-class can. has gon»> adrift from
its station about one-quarter mile outside . of
the bar. It wlll.be replaced as soon as prac
ticable. . . ¦ .
Yaqulna Bay, channel to upper end of mid-
Notice to Mariners.
TUESDAY, MARCH 11.
Sun rises ..6:27
Sun nets .;. T.9:X3
Moon gets .....8:15 p. m.
O, Time Time Time , Time
£ Ft.' Ft Ft. Ft.
« H W I. W H W L W
lT o~ils ~lu 6:09 1.1 12:33 6.0 6:25 TI
12 0:47 5.2 6:55 0.8 1:28 4.8 7:05 l.s
13 1:22 6.2 7:48 0.7 2:28 4.6 7:40 2.2
14 2:01 8.2 8:4« O.fl 3:36 4.2 8:40 2.U
15 2:50 6.1 »:82 0.5 4:55 4.1 8:42 2.8
1« 3:47 5.0 11:05 0.4 0:17 4.110:56 8.0
17 | 4:58 '5.012:15 0.3 7:28 '4.3..........
NOTE— In the above exposition of th« tides
the early morning tides are given .In the laft
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tide*, aa
sometimes occurs. The heights Riven are In
addition to the soundings of the United State*
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus (—)( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given Is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters.
The steamer Curacao, which sailed Sunday
for Guaymas, carried a general merchandise
cargo destined for the principal Mexican ports.
The cargo was valued at $60,729, and Included
the following merchandise and produce: 13
bbls flour, 20 pkgs agricultural implements,
18 bales bags, 546 lbs and 6 cs codfish, 378 cs
canned goods, 8296 lbs dried fruits, 140 pkss
groceries and provisions," 394 pkgs hardware,
16 pkgs mining material, 60,132 ft lumber, 99
pkss machinery, 12 pkgs acid, 14 pkgB arms
and ammunition. 2172 lbs butter, 2996 lbs and
J24 cs bread, 9897 lbs cheese. 1500 lba coffee,
31 pkgs drugs, 28 bales dry goods, 73 pkgs fresh
fruits, 28 cr fre«h vegetables, 445 bales hay,
976 lbs hams, 21 cs and 60 gals liquors. 4 Si!
lbg lard, 18 pkgs mill work. 2167 lbs meal,
7601 lbs mineral wool, 2 bales leather, 2T5
pkgs iron and steel, 1271 lbs grease, 35 pkgs
electrical goods. 157 bxs candles, 15 cs cham
pagne, 540A lbs copper, 6 ctls barley, 3270 lbs
beans, 29,221 lbs bluestone, 1 pkg bicycles and
sundries, 12 tons coal, 839 lbs nuts, 256 cr
onions, 884 pkgs potatoeo, 102 pkgs paints and
oils. 1C9 flak* quicksilver, S641 lbs rice, 2702
Ibfl seed, 99 cs salmon, 32 bxs soap, 20 pkgs
ntatlonery. 7 balea twine. .766 lbs tobacco, 71
bdls wire. 4902 gals and 7 cs wine, 27."il lbs
tallow, 20S5 lbs sago, 447 bdls shook*, .110 lbs
raisins, 10,809 lbs rosin. 808 pkgB paste, I 443
pen and 04 bdls pipe, 283 kegs nails, 42 bdls
paper, 3 tons plrlron, 20 coIIh rope, 20,075 lbs
rolled barley, 2735 lbs sugar, 2 cs shoes. 25.000
shingles. 2310 lbs and' 6 pkgs spices. > 610 lbs
starch. 1762 lbs tea, 15 en and 4 bbls tar, 225
en and 101 gals whisky, 686 lbs rlnc, 40 pkgs
ship chandlery. .
The steamer also carried $30,000 In Mexican
dollars as treasure destined for Guaymai. I
The Curacao's Cargo.
The will of Alexander McDonald, who
died In this city March 6, 1002. was filed
for probate yesterday. He left an estate
valued at a sum "greatly exceeding $10,
000." With the exception of a few special
bequests he leaves his entire estate, share
and share alike, to his three sisters, who
reside, in Scotland. In the event ofr their
decease the property Is to go to their
children.
Leaves Estate to Sisters.
In the checker contest which has been
in progress for several days at the
Mechanics' Institute H. M. Angell de
feated "William J. Bowe by a score of
8 to 4. Angell now claims the champion
ship of the Pacific Coast. The prize wa«
a purse of $50 -contributed by the devotees
of the game affiliated with the Institute.
In the match just concluded forty-eight
games were played, of which thirty-six
were draws. The match was for fifty
games, but Bowe quit at the end of the
forty-eighth. . .
Angell Is Checker. Champion.
The French bark Ernest Legouve, now at
Astoria, will load wheat at this port for Eu
rope at 30s. Chartered prior to arrival.
The British ship Torrisdale will load wheat
at Portland for Europe at 35s 6d, and .the
French bark Vendee, same voyage, at 28s 9d.
Both chartered prior to arrival.
The Chilean barkentlne Alta was chartered
prior to arrival for lumber at Portland for
Shanghai, Kiaochau or Port Arthur (lump
sum).
The bark. Alden Besse loads general cargo
here for Honolulu.'
Matters of Interest to Mariners' and
Shipping Merchants.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Loses a Sail.
The schooner Helene, which arrived yesterday
from Honolulu, had one of her sails blown to
ribbons on Sunday in a gale, she encountered
elxty miles west of the Farallones.
Christopher Kruger was the name of the first
officer* of the collier Titanla killed on Sunday
evening by the main boom of the pilot-boat
Grade S. In the first reports of the accident
the unfortunate mariner's name was given as
Carl Olsen.
His Name Was Kruger.
The schooner Free Trade arrived yesterday,
fifteen hours from Coos Bay, leaking. She en
countered a heavy southeaster on' February 24
off Coos Bay. She was hove to for three days.
In the straining of the storm her seams opened
and she will require a lot of overhauling before
she goes to sea again.
Free Trade Arrives Leaking.
the Supreme Court building, corner of
Larkin and McAllister streets. - Action
was taken as to the status of classes and
the revision of the constitution. The at
tendance was unusually large. Mr. Gal
lagher of the Mission High School was
elected to membership. A paper on "Eng
lish As She Is Spoke." was presented by
Mrs. E. M. North. Miss . Pearl Hossach
rendered musical selections.
"When the Newport left La Libertad the
bodies of fifty-three victims of a tidal wave,
which swept the coast March 4, had been re
covered and buried. The wave swept the towns
of La Libertad and Acajutla, carrying away the
fresh-water pumps of the' latter place.
The rteamship Newport and Argyll arrived
yesterday from Panama. The Argyll comes di
rect. Everything was quiet In Panama when
these vessels left, but active preparations for
prospective fighting were under way. The city
of Panama is now very thoroughly intrenched.
When the Argyll left foreign residents were
displaying over their "homes the flags of their
respective countries 'in anticipation of a bom
bardment.
Two Steamships From Panama.
:>ver and said: "Harvey! Harvey! Glad to
meet you, captain. Any relation to the Harvey
In Kipling's "Captains Courageous?* "
Harvey pleaded Ignorance and with a smile
and another shake of the hand the President
passed on.
MELBOURNE — Sailed March 10 — ShlD EI
well. for Newcastle, Au«. - . -
COLON; ' March 8 — Nor 'stmr Hero, pre
viously reported, ¦ waa floated to-day by wreck
ing stmr Premier.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Maxch 8— Br ship
Australian, hence Oct 16. March 10— Br ship
Achnashlo, hence Oct .9; Br bark Brussels,
hence Oct 16. '
- HAMBURG — Arrived March 0^— Ger stmr Se
sostrls. hence 'Nov 9.
galled March 7 — Oer shto Qertrud.-for Hono
lulu, and not Ger ship Genla, from Bremen, as
before reported. |
MALTA — Passed March $> — Br stmf Hyson,
from Clyde, for Puget Sound. '
HONGKONG — Arrived March 9 — Br stmr
Arab." hence Jan 26. «
' Sailed March 10 — Stmr Tacoma, for Tacoma.
March 9 — Stmr China, for San Francisco.
FREMANTLE — Arrived March 9— Schr Proa-
FOREIGN PORTS.
HONPLULU— Sailed March 3— Stmr America
Maru, for San Francisco.
Arrived Feb 2R — Am shin A J Fuller, 79 days
from Sydney, NSW: U S transport Warren,
put back in distress: Am bark Kalulanl, 30
days from San 1 Francisco. - March 1 — Am bktn
Coronado, 29 days from . San Francisco; Am
bktn S G Wilder. 27 days from San Francisco.
March 2— Stmr Eureka t 19 days from Seattle;
Br schr yacht Laura, 38 days from Vancouver.
March 3— Stmr America Maru. from Orient: Br
ship Ellen A Reed. In distress, from Manila.
Sailed Feb 26 — Bktn Planter, for San Fran
cisco; «hlD Helen Brewer, for New York, via
Hllo. Feb 27 — Shl£> Tlllle E Starbuck, for San
Francisco. Feb 28 — U S stmr Warren, for Ma
nila: achr Emily F Whitney, for San Fran
cisco, via Makaweli. March 1— Bark Ceylon,
for Laysan Island. March 3— Brig Tanner, for
Port Townsend.
ISLAND PORTS.
TACOMA— Arrived March 10— Stmr Asun
cion, hence March 6: stmr Mackinaw, hence
March 6;Br stmr.Oceano, from Manila: Br
stmr Chlnsr Wo, from Glasgow; stmr John S
Klmball, hence March 6; Ger bark Thekla,
from Fort Townsend. •
Sailed March 10 — Br bark Inverklo, for
Queenstown;
COOS BAY— Arrived March 10— Stmr Alli
ance, hence March 6, via Eureka and Port
land; schr Chas E Falk, hence Feb 28.
Sailed March 10 — Schr Falcon, for Sari
Pedro; stmr Empire, for San Francisco; stmr
South Portland, for San Francisco; schr Mary
E Russ, for San Francisco; schr Eliza Miller,
for- San Francisco: echr Gem. for San Fran
cisco; schr Western Home, for San Francisco.
Sailed March 10 — Stmr Alliance, for Port
land, Or. •
VENTURA — Arrived March 10— Stmr George
Loomis, hence March 9, and sailed for San
Francisco.
. CRESCENT CITY — Sailed March 10, 4 p m —
Stmr Crescent City, for San Francisco.
NEAH BAY-*— Passed J; out March 10 — Stmr
Progreso,' for San Francisco; stmr Chas Nel
aon, for San Pedro.
Passed in March 10— Br stmr Wyefleld, from
Port Los AnKeles, for Comox.
Sailed March 10 — Stmr \ Czarina, for San
Francisco. - ¦
WILLAPA HARBOR — Sailed March 10 — Schr
Mayflower, for San Francisco.
¦ EUREKA — Arrived March 9 — Stmr Arctic,
hence March 8. March 10 — Stmr Santa Mon
ica, hence March 8,
Sailed • March 10— Stmr Pomona, j for San
Francisco.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed March &— Schr De
fender, for San Francisco. . " '
SEATTLE — Arrived March 9 — Stmr Nome
City, from Valdez. March 10— Stmr Umatilla,
hence March 7. )
Sailed March 9 — Stmr Chas Nelson, for San
Francisco. March 10 — Stmr Queen, for San
Francisco. -
Sailed March 9— Br stmr Chlng Wo, for Ta
coma: Ger bark Theckla. for Tacoma. March
10 Stmr Tampico, for Honolulu; Br ship King
George, for Port Blakeley.
ASTORIA — Sailed March 10 — Stmr Fulton,
for San Francisco: stmr Lakme. for San Fran
cisco.
• • Arrived March 10 — Am ehlD C F Sargent,
from San Francisco. t .
SANTA BARBARA — Arrived March 10 —
Stmr Santa Barbara, from Grays . Harbor;
stmr' Coronado, . from Grays Harbor.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived March 10— Schr Ex
pansion, from Tacoma; etmr Bonita, hence Fzb
7; schr Emma Utter, from Coos Bay.
Sailed March 10--Stmr Bonita. for San Fran
cisco.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
POINT LOBOS, March 10, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind NW,- velocity 24 miles per hour.
TELEGRAPHIC.
Per bark Big Bonanza, at Acapulco — Dec 13,
at noon, lat 6 21 S, Ion 131 58 W. Ger ship
Neck, hence Nov 16, for Queenstown.
SPOKEN.
Monday, March 10.
Schr Gotama, Olsen, hence March 9 for Coos
Bay, on account of springing a leak March 9
off Farallonea.
RETURNED.
Sunday, March 9.
Schr Newark, Crangle, Bowens Landing.
. . . Monday. March 10.
Stmr Eureka. Jessen, Eureka.
Stmr Navarro, Devitt, Bowens Landing.
Stmr Luella, Olsen, . .
Ship Marion Chilcott. Nelson, Hllo.
Schr "Viking, Mortensen, Unga;' •
SAILED.
Monday, March 10.
. Ship ' Marion Chilcott. Nelson, Hllo; J D
Spreckels & Bros Co:
Whaling bark Andrew Hicks, Williams,
whaling cruise; Western Supply and Repair Co.
Schr Francis Cutting, Johnson, Chignlk
Bay; raclflc Packing and Navigation Co.
ARRIVED.
Monday, March 10.
Stmr Newport, Saunders, 24 days 14 hours
from Panama and way ports.
Stmr Argyll. Gllboy, 14 days 20 hours from
Panama. '
Stmr South Coast. Duncan, 26 hours from
Eureka.
Stmr,- Samoa, Madsen, CS hours from, San
Pedro.
i Aus stmr Maria, Hretfich, 5 days from Na
nairno.
Jap stmr America Maru, Going, 25 days 8
hours 10 minutes from Hongkong, via Yoko
hama 16 days 7 hours 34 minutes, via Hono
lulu 6 days 7 hours 11 minutes.
Aus *hlr> Deveron, Martinollch, 10 days from
Eureka; bound to Liverpool; put In In distress.
Bark Carrollton. Cordon, 17 days from Hono
lulu. - ¦ ~
Bark Fresno, Rose, 15 days from Port Gam
ble.
Bark Tidal Wave, Lleblg, 25 days from Port
Gamble. > /
Schr Araeo, Mclntosh, 14 days from Sand
Sch'r Orient. Sanders, 18 days from Port-
Schr Forester, Smith, 14 days from Tacoma.
Schr Ida McKay, Lethola. 6 days from Eu-
Schr Helene. Christensen. 17 days from
Honolulu.
Schr Mary C, Campbell, 9 hours from Bo
dega.
Schr Free Trade. Ferguson, 15 day* from
Coos Bay: -
Br schr Vera, Copeland, from sealing cruise;
put in In distress. ,
CLEARED.
Shipping Intelligence.
chants' Exchange,' San Francisco. Cal.,
March 10, 1902. .* . . .
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day,
L e.. at noon of the 120th merdian. or at S
p. m., Greenwich mean time.
W. H. STANDLEY.
Lieutenant, U. S. N. f in charge.
The convention will close to-day after
the delegates have had a lengthy con
sultation with the . local hardware - Job
bers. . . ' • ¦ j . - ; ' . ¦
The following, officers were elected . to
serve for the ensuing year: President, O.
F. Siles, San Francisco; vice president,
G. A. Gutman, Germantown; secretary,
Henry Gracey.San Francisco; treasurer,
H. C. Bennett. The executive council is
composed of Henry Gracey, C. W. Ben
nett, J.' Turner, E. A. Eaton, J. W. Bax
ter, W. F. Lutz, E. C. Dawe, John' C.
White, A. L,. Nichols, S. V. Armstrong
and M. M. Brown. . • . V
The members of the California Retail
Hardware Association, which was organ
ized several months' agb,\ opened . their
first annual convention yesterday at the
Palace Hotel. The" association Is . com
posed of. five • organizations — the San
Francisco and Oakland Retail Hardware
Association, the Pacific Hardware Asso
ciation, the San. Joaquln Association, . the
Central Association and South Implement
and Hardware Association.
There were about - three hunared and
fifty. delegates from all parts of. the State
that attended the convention yesterday.
The meeting opened by an address . ; of
welcome that was made by Mayor
Schmitz, and at the close of his remarks
the convention went Into . executive
council. , '- ' -¦ ¦.-
Mayor Schmitz; Delivers Ad
dress of Welcome at Open-!
ing Session.
Hold Their j First Annual
Meeting at the Palace
Hotel.
HARDWARE MEN
IN CONVENTION
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MARCH 11,1 1902.
• ¦ - . .
Deveron Comes to Port to Repair Damage Done by
Gale Which Throws Craft on Beam Ends.
AUSTRIAN SKIPPER SACRIFICES
MIZZENMASR AND SAVES SHIP
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
Branch Hydrorraphlc Office. U. ¦ S. : N... Met-
5
ADVEHTISr.TYTE'NTS.
IWetter's
STOMACH BITTERS
Is a specific remedy for all ail-
ments of the stomach, liver and
bowels, and one that is backed by
hundreds of testimonials received
during the past fifty years. We
would therefore urge every suf-
ferer from indigestion, dyspep-
sia, flatulency, constipation,
sick headache or liver and
kidney troubles to g ve it a
trial. It will surely cure you.
The genuine must have our pri-
vate Stamp over the neck of the
bottle.
FOR OVER SIXTY YEARS
AN OLD AND WELL-TRIED REMEDY.
MR8. WINSLOW.S EODTHING SYRUP
fcas been us-d for over SIXTY TEARS by
MILLION'S cf MOTHERS for their CHILDREN
"WHILE TEETHING. WITH PERFECT SUC-
CESS. IT SOOTHES the CHILD. SOFTENS
the<JUMS ALLAYS all PAIN; CURES WIND
COLIC and Is the beet remedy for DIAR-
RHOEA. Sold by Druggists ln every part of
the world. Be sure and a.ek for
MBS. WI5SL0WS SOOTHING SYRUP
AND TAKE NO OTHER KIND.
Twenty-Five Cents a Bottle
d visit DR. JORDAN'S great 6
Smuseuh of anatohy^
6 (& issii!iizETsr.tit.c±*?i,c.r.ciii
\ Eg The LarrextAftttoniul Museun in tie \
fk !j |t - .World. We»kne»kei or iay cor.trscteri g
V *«»« p»»IU"'lrc»r«« hjr the oldcit T
A 4§2f DR * JORDAN-DISEASES CF KEN A
r6L?l Convjltation free and »trictljr prl»»*r. \
A t I*CT Tre»rm»nl prn»n*1ty or br Irttrr. A Q
f J ff n F+ntm* Curt in every ot* undertaken. T
AT i, |l , 1 Write for »o«k. r ¦1LOKOPB Y of A
F 1 ,} T KAaniAce. wailed fhl, (Af
1 J II ra!u»ble book for Wl) \
9 DQ Jonr>A>AC&..10il Market. St., S. F. "
Ml- MIL'S BEINVI(IOBATOBSrT?aS
Istop* nil loceea in V4houri>. Five w&j&t$&
hundred reward for any case we am dm
rannot cur*. Thl» secret remedy a
imt Emissions. Jrnpolfncy, Effl
Varlcocele, Gonorrhoea, Gleet, rfffi rftut
Strictures. L>ralns, Lost Man- tlL fcViU
hr.',d and oil other wastlnB cf- Ag |gga
K«-nt i«aled. $2 bottle; S bottles. $5; guaranteed
to cure «ny case. Call or address orders
HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE. 855 Broad-
way. Oakland. Cal. Also for sale «t 1073*4
Slrrket et.. S. F. Send for free book. \
«• -f B '«" *Hs • non-polsonon»
ry'g* ¦ J j»i^~ <JLj-— G retoMlr for Gonorrhoea.
jfiSflT CURES Whites, nnnatnral dis'
f.'ZX'f Jb 1 to b <!tji. VI charges, or aor in&tmm*.*
/fiCy Co«r»»ie«i u» " tion, irritation or elcera-
Ib— 4 r««ci cecutiea. t»oa cf mucous mem-
IrTtTKrFi'iK* ru-u-i,r* brinc> - Non-astringent.
mcil^ 1 ?' •* nt fn pl * ln w 7f T>J 7 T '
JX>«L "• *• x -_ / qtM »T «xpre»«, repaid, for
Circular scot on rtxjuesU
Hirr nnilll Corner raanh and
CAFE ROYAL %$®M
V 111 ¦• HW Illfc. t(^ o%ercoat« and
talisea checked fre*
|»EBBBllBIBlllliniUBBIIIlBllinBlUemill
, CURE MEN s
j j^-^ttg^^ With Lame Backs g
''¥ \ i^?^w\ w^ Weak Nerves jj
I IlVJ^L^) With Rheumatism 3
! JM^ jgr With Lost Vitality |
1 @8&i^\\( ( //'li!lBk bfealc j n 2 d ? wn ' ! osin K his Krip. I have the n
1 ;2«§^vAUT/^//i£«»SBk remedv whlch ri ve 3 back that snap, fire and q
i^HKS^X }'j&J32Sna^ vim of vouth - My cures sell my belt. They n
prove what I say about it. Q
I ]^»^v^5^^^^? " ~W& Mr " A - C " Hammond. 39 Merchants' Ex- 2
JjB^g?"Vf^JVT?Tr^g(Sagi!ilf chan *« building, San Frar.claco, says: "Your ¦*
TKS&^A//l£F^ti^mr b<!lt h " cured me at tha a *« of 73 o f weak- O
2£»6 7, / &K\ ?W^S nesa ln tho back and Sidneys, and has given ?
HHl a/W^^T^w' me more vlror t and sound health than I hav« C
- . . A man is like a steam engine. If takes'. 5
steam to make him go. My Belt pumps that steam into him. JjJ
I . That's how it make* so many old men feel young. 2
I Mr. A. Crawford, Pokerama, Or., ta.ys: "1 am 70 years old. but your belt fl
I nas rnafle me feel like 85. -. j
j Try it, you weak men; you will find youth and vigor in it after every- B
thing else fails. ¦
[ . Call and lest it. free, or I will send you my illustrated book. free, it 3
I you will inclose this ad. . v . --.¦>- =:
. * . o
I Dr M fl MpTfllKrhllTI 702 Market St., Cor. Kearny g
I 1/1 • IU. V. llit JJClUgllllll, « Lo tto', Fountain). San Franclsc* |
I Office hours— 8 a..m. to 8:30 p. m.; Sundays 10 to 1. Never sold by drug store*. ¦
aHaaEaaHnnHaHBnnnnBnQiBQDannannnnaBnnanaaanS
. ; \ v " ' : ADVERTISEMENTS.' ' ..* A : -
Of Interest and Value to All Who Are Hard
of Hearing and Yet Are Troubled With
Internal Head Noises.
rfffif • ¦' Mil ' il'fill I ii i I HJfi/l IB JwfojSB ',-¦¦-{
tnSSS^^KfSsfpjtfiiml/] ' - ' q J' Iffn ! 'Ii if Hiilfn'B '•' mh^Hs r- 1
You cannot hear good, still you hear • become thickened, as every one who has
peculiar noises that others with normal had a bad cold in the head (acute catarrh
rearing, do not. . • • of the mucoua membrane of the nose) is
The trouble is you have catarrh in the aware from having the "nose stopped
little tubes that lead from the throat to «P- ' Besides this, the mucous secretion
the middle ear. itself may at times obstruct or block up
You will notice by dose observation of " ie . t H bes ; ,& "^^iL b * tShi»
the cut that the ear drum blocks the pas- , tnat * he caliber of the eustachian tubes
sage from the outer ear to the rear or- fe "?*Jf^,^ » t 5L 1 * ht ,f^ e l 1 i°f-S?5;
sans of hearing further inside the head. *™ {,° w * rd rt c i,° s i ns n^™; * fiVji 1 *'-,£?,*
To have perfect hearing there must be a are hard to clear of accumulated mucus,
free passage containing air leading from / r 9 m ,, wnat h , as been 8 * ld i h l r S ad ,? r
outside the- head to the ear drum, and should have a fair understanding of th«
also another free. passage containing air reason for and cause of head noises and
to conduct the waves of used sound away
from the real organs of hearing. The c ' at e why they are difficult to cure with
eustachian tubes leading from behind any «*"»?«? or I^J
the- ear drum to. the throat conduct mcnt9 ' K T1 i e / e A s °, n £ °2? n £^u5L?^&
wnv*>« nf im«»r! '«nimri nwav fmm th« to reach catarrh of the mucous lining of
e^r! 63 Nin U e -t d nths Un 0f aW th^ 'annoylnl the eastacUan tube and that la throusu
"head noises" are due to some inter- the bl ° y - systemic treatment for
ference with these tubes leading from be- ca t arrn -
hind the ear drum to the throat. Any , Such a treatment ln a most convenient
stoppage or closing up or swelling or dis- form and efficient combination is em-
ease of any sort that results in partial braced In Stuart's Catarrh Tablets, which
or complete closing of these tubes will huve stood the test of time and expen-
cauEO more or less ringing in the ears or ence and are acknowledged to be tne best
some other variety of head noise. constitutional or internal remedy for all
Even a slight blocking of these escape * c^ ms J° f ? a , ta T r1 ?: „ .. . . t ,
pipes of the ear, just a moderate degree Mr. F. Mitchell Hawes. the celebrated
of closure may produce head noises and barytone, in a personal letter to a friend
such noises may be noticed for some time said: "I am going back_to my beloved
before there is much appreciable loss of profession next month. This will surprise*
hearing. The reason for this Is because >°u I know, for when I last saw you I
the internal organs of hearing are not never expected to sing again, but I am
impaired and dq their work so well that entirely cured of my catarrh and my
they are superior to the imprisoned hearing -to now^as acute as ever. I used
sounds. Especially where Only one tube Stuart's Catarrh Tablets and in three
Is choked up head noises may be noticed weeks they had done for me more than
for quite a time before loss of .hearing Is all the specialists, to whom I paid thou-
observed. ' sands of dollars, and now I am entirely
As the cries of sea blrd3 foretell an 1m- "f! 1 -" , „ , i^ „ ,¦
pending storm, so head noises are har- Mrs. Jane Barlow, the well known rao-
bingers of impaired hearing. They tell of oiste/ says: "I finally had to give up per-
obstruction of the tubes that should con- scnal attention to my customers and in
duct used sounds away from the ear. consequence many of them went e se-
These imprisoned sounds straying aim- where. I was In despair, for specialists
lessly about, lacking an outlet, have to seemed powerless to help me. Stuarts
gradually wear themselves out and while Catarrh Tablets cured me- in Just a little
doing so they - intercept or combine with while so completely that I now hear as
new sound -waves from -without and so 'well as ever.
Obstruct or change them as to make their Army Surgeon C. S. Beverly became go deaf
impress on the senses indistinct, confused from catarrh that he was forced to resign his
orimcerfect position and abandon his profession. He says:
Obstructions and a more or less closure " ot Z^fZJg^^^tg t^raa!
of the escape pipes of the ear resulting in %£$?** had^eiveT mTdSfr* Genial
Imprisoned or retained sound waves and S^ush the use of StuarVa Catarrh Tablets,
consequent indistinctness, confusion or 1 used them. The great relief I exDerlenced
impairment of . hearing is usually due to was truly astonishing. I am now entirely
catarrh of . the ' mucous lining of the cured and go back to my old post next month."
eustachian tubes. Mucous membranes Stuart's Catarrh Tablets are for sale at 'all
suffering from catarrh usually swell or 1 drug stores for 50 cents a box.
is always
Brewed from carefully select-
ed barley and hops — nevef
permitted to leave the brew-
ery until properly aged.TUESDAY MARCH n, 1902
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
Ittrnt All Cemmonicitiosi t» V. 8, LEASE, Vutger.
maxackii'S OFFICE Telephone Prea* £04
ri'ULICATIOX OFFICRTTTMnrUeT end Third. S. F.
Telephone Preaa 201.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 317 <o SSt Stevenson St.
Telephone Press 203.
Delivered hy Cnrrttrm, 15 Cent* Per W«l«.
Mnaic Copies, ft Cents.
Term* »«y Mall, Inclndlntr i'nmtnwi
OATLT CALL rinriuatng ftundir), en* »r»r.... , fl ,$«,M
DA1LT CALL rtnetudtnjr (Sunday), « month*..,........... *..*>
DAILT CALL tlntsluritnv Cundar), • tnosibt.... l.M
ftAiLT CALU-n? Mlnarle Month «9«
M'M'AT CALL, On* T»ar l.M
WKSkLT CALL, On* T*ar 1.09
All postmasters Are MnMinrlsed to rtealrt
¦abaorlptlonst
lamp!* etptM will t» forwarded wb«d rtquMttd.
Matt ••u»»r t iT.rr» In ordering rtianir* of addrtt* ahotild I*
particular to giv* both NEW AND OLD ADDttKgft In ordar
tfi liitur* a prompt and correct rompllauc* with their rcquivt
OAKLAND OITICD 1118 llronilmtr
C OROIIGI3 KIIORXKM.
•ttBtftr fortlfa AlurUilnf, Xarfnitti BullAla;, Chicago.
(Long Dlftanca Telephone "Central 2010.")
NEW YOIUC C011REBP0NDENTJ
C. C. CAnLTO.V ..Hernia Square
NEW TOTtK REPRESENT ATIVB!
(TEPHCX B. SMITH 80 Tribune DatldtnK
NEW YORK NEWS BTAND8:
tr*Jdorf-A*torta Hotel; A. Brentano, 31 Union Squara;
MBrray mil UoteL
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman Tlnute: P. O. New* Co.: Great Northern Hotel;
»w»ont House; Auditorium Hotel. ; ¦
WASHIJrGTOJV (D. C> OFK1CB. . . .1400 G St.. !f. W.
5IO11TOX 12. CRASH!, Correapondent.
BRAXCn OFFICES— 627 Montronsery. correr of Clay, open
cctll 9:30 o'clock. SOO Hayea. open until 0:80 o'clock. 033
McAlllater. cpen until 9:30 o'clock. CIS Larkin, open until
t-.3O o'clock. I9il Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261
Market, ccrne«- Sixteenth, open' until 9 o'clock. 1093 Va
lencia, cpen until 9 o'clock. 100 Eleventh, open until 9
c'clock. NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, cpen
urtll 9 oVlArk. 2200 Flllmor*. open until 9 p. m.
john Mclaughlin, who is only two years and eight months
OLD, HAS A WONDERFUL SOPRANO VOICE AND CAN SINO WITH
EASE EVERY HYMN HE HEARS.
Mrs. Cumso— Well, I advertised for a
good-looking lady-help and had thirty
lour to select from the first day.— Tit-Bits.
Mm. Rangle— I've advertised for a ser
vant for a whole week with no result.
"Will there be any honor for the man
who discovers the north pole?"
"Certainly! He will be a great lifo
"A life-saver?"
"Yes; explorers will cease going then."
—Chicago News.
"Well, Just nt this. chapter there is a
tcrriblo storm and the passengers are
afraid the boat will go to the top." -
"You mean to the bottom."
"No; this is a submarine boat."— Phila
delphia Record.
Onco more the youthful statesman comes
For fame's fair prize he reaches;
Onco more we find him full of hope
And also full of speeches.
—Washington Star. .
"Henry, how Is the plot of that im
novel running?" . , "
"How Is your wifo now, Smltheri?"
"All right now— able to go out."
"I congratulate you."
"Hum. Well, I dunno; she goe* to the
dressmakers' every time."— Tit-Bits. .
And I want to say, 'To my husband.'
In nn appropriate place," oaid tho widow
In conclusion, to Slab, tho gravestono
num.
"Yeiium," »aid Slab. And the Inscrip
tion went on: "To my husband. In on
nFpropriato place."~Tld-Blts.
Color Work.-"It wasn't Crlteek's con
uemnntlon of my picture that made me
•0 mud," mild tho artist, "but hta man.
ner was bo Insulting. He Isn't Infallible."
'No," laid his friend, "but he certainly
has a good eye for color." .
"That's right, for It didn't take me long
to do n littta impressionistic work in black
and blue on.it."— Philadelphia Press.
Mhe turned little,
"Heavens!" the cried, In terror. "Did 1
opjn my mouth as wide as that7"-Tlt>
Jfa lmiki»d tienimlrlngly Into vacancy. "I
have, im.t my misgivings," he imid, In n
null, pnMHlotileHM voU'e, "but now 1 am
sure. y«ur laugh shows me you are ut
terly heartlenn."
¦A CHANCE TO SMILE.
Dr. Sanford's Liver Invigorator.
Best Llv«rM«<l!ctne, Vegetable Cure forLlverllls.
BllSouareaa, Indigestion. Constipation. Malaria.*
tAND FOR SAILORS— A. B. J.. Val
lejo, Cal. A sailor who served not les<
than ninety days in tho United 8tataa
navy may tako up Oovcrnment land and
have deducted from the time required to
prove up tho time he enlisted for In tha
Spanish-American war without reference
to the length of time he may have served.
Write to the General Land Office. Wash
ington, D. C.» for Information relative to
land open to settlement tn the several
States.
NATIONAL TIOLIDAY-N.. City. There
1* no , national holiday In tho United
States.: Congress has at various times
appointed special holidays. Tho several
States decided through their lawmaklng
bodies what are legal holidays. Washing
ton's birthday U a holiday in all' the
States (Including tho District of Colum
bia and Arizona), except Mississippi,
whero It Is observed by exercises in the
public schools only^ "¦
AN AMERICAN CITIZEN-Inqulrer.
Benlcia, Cal. The children of persona
who are citizens of the United States aro.
though born out of the limits and Jurladlc*
tlon of tho United States, considered as
citizens thereof. For Instnnco. If a child
Is born to American parents while tempo
rarily In a foreign country, that child Is a
native of tho country In which born, but a
citizen of the United States.
CALIFOnNIA'B REPRESENTATIVES
— W. A. Vv'.. Soquel, Cal. The following
namod are the Representatives from Cal
ifornia In tho United States Congress:
First District, F. L. Coombs: Second Dl*
trlct S. D. Woodn: Third Dl»trlct, V. II.
Metcnlf; Fourth District, Julius Kahn:
Fifth District. E. F. Loud; Sixth District.
James McLachlan, and .Seventh District,
James C. Nccdham.
A JUlUHIlll'lt I.I-ITMH K. M., UllrttV,
Cat. If you do nut know where the ennu
pany of the United Ht*tea army In I- ..¦<»». .1
and With to communicate with an enttstud
limn lit Una Miiuiiiiny direct titi letter to
hi* name, letter of hh company, regiment,
and send It to Washington, t). C, War
Department, with request to forward.
A LEAKY IIQOF-L., City. If A eon
traeter put up a house ami a«r«eit to keep
the roof In perfect eontlltinu and repair
for "im yenr ami has not compiled with
the eontraet nnd the roof Is not rain
tlshti Hi" owner ot the tuithitnir ha*, no
doubt, flruundd fur nn notion to recover
ilarnnges.
NO PHEMIUM-D. 8. H.. City. There
U no premium offered for nvo dollar
pieces rained after l&U), Dealers In oil
coins offer to sell $3 pieces of 194* for 17 •"< '.
sa that Btve* you tho market prtce of the
QOln of that date whteh you have,
VINCENNES— A. 8.. City. Vlneennes.
name of a French town, is pronounced as
\t written Vang-aenn. with a as tn fat
and e in met. Vincennes. a city In Kno.x
County, Intl., la pronounced as If written
Vln«sen», with t aa In pin and e as tn mat.
BATHTUBS — H., City. A porcelain
bathtub that has not been used for a
long time and resists soap and hot water
in cleaning may be cleaned with oxalla
acid and water or with lye and then
washed with hot water and soap.
ALCATRAZ— Call Reader. City. Alca
traz Island in the bay of San Francisco
was never used as a military prison by
the Spanish. The fortifications were erect
ed by the United States and a prison was
erected at that time.
ELLA WHEELER "vVILCOX-A. S..
Napa. Cal. Ella Wheeler Wllcox was born
in Johnstown Center, Wls.. In 1S55. Her
residence Is "The Bungalow," Short
Beach. Conn. In 18S4 she was married to
Robert M. Wilcox.
ENTERTAINMENTS— D. P.. Bowman.
Placer County. Cal. There are a number
of books on the subject of evening enter
tainments and home parties. Such can
be obtained from any first-class book
seller. -
PALMI9TRY-N. B.. City. The query
relative to hands, fingers and Joints de
pends much upon their condition, and a.s
the description is so meager It la Impos
sible to give an answer.
NOT EXEMPT— J. 8.. City. A resident
of California who is over 21 and under 60
Is not exempt from the payment of poll
tax because ho Is either a discharged sol
dier or a married man.
OP FOREIGN DIRTH-Tnqulrer. Denl
da, Col. An alien who comes to th«
United Rtatcn and becomes ft cttlacn
thereof Is not "a foreigner." but a for
eign-born citizen.
VETOES-R. C. 8., fltanford, C.tl.
Cleveland during his nrst artmlnUtratian
vetoed 301 bill*, mostly privatu r«n«Um
bills, and during his second administra*
tlon two.
PRODLEMS-F. A.. Cupertino. Cal. Thin
department does not solve problems nor
pass upon the correctness or uncorrect
neig of any submitted.
8WALM-H." ' T., City. A. W. Bwalm
wns' appointed United States Consul, to
Montevideo by MoKlnl«y during his first
term. ,
PUOILIST8-R. O.. City. There are %
number of records of pugilists that may
be obtained from booksellers.
LA TOURAINE-Subacriber. City. The
transatlantic steamer La Touralna was
launched In 1S90.
NOT IN BOOK FORM— R. O.. City. The
racing charts asked about are not Issued
tn book form.
SOME ANSWERS
TO QUERIES BY
CALL READERS
Ru'dyard Kipling hns thken another fling at ui—
this .time /or our methods in subduing the Filipino
One would think dint Mr. Kipling lind punished us
enough by ; , persuading us to read his beoUs. -
The opposition, as described by Mr. Seabury, con
stitutes a formidable body. It includes, he' says,
"every 'foreign manufacturer, banker, shipowner, ship
agen,t, -, steamship line/ marine insurance company,
every -foreign wage earner and skilled workman]
every foreign manufacturing nation, exporters of for
eign; goods, and also persons living in America but
holding stock in > foreign steamship lines, importers
of foreign products, and every citizen who does not
care to see the American flag flying at the topmast
of an American built and owned steamship."
Such 'is the nature of the antagonism that the
friends' . of .American shipping must overcome, the
fight has already been a long one, but there is rea
son to believe victory is now in sight. The expan
sion of bur foreign trade has made it evident to all
classes of people that we are paying too heavy a
tribute to the foreign shipowner. It is not: likely,
therefore, that the lobby at Washington will be able
to resist the public demnnd for the upbuilding of pur
merchant /.marine.
Mr. Scabury speaks of these as "the constructive
and reconstructive forces that arc essential to main
tain American international and commercial pros
perity."' He rightly assigns the first place to the up
building of our merchant marine. Without that the
others would avail us little. Strangely enough, how
ever, it is against that need that the strongest oppo
sition, is arrayed. For years past the Republican
party; has been pledged to enact some measure to
promote, our industries on the sea, and bills for that
purpose have been repeatedly introduced, but as yet
nothing has been accomplished. Even now the Frye
shipping bill is being opposed and assailed by every
form of fault-finding that opposition can invent; and
where opponents, dare not avow an open hostility to
the measure, they seek to defeat it by objecting to
this or that clause of it, and demanding a bill that in
every detail will satisfy everybody, even the most
captious and most crankv. •
GEORGE J. SEAI3URY of New York, in a
recent review of the industrial and commer
cial situation of this country with rcfc-cnce
to. future development, points out that three things
ajc'now essential to the expansion of our prosperity.
these arc an increase ofMhc American merchant ma
rine, to carry our products' to market, the establish
ment of a Department of Commerce to give an in
telligent supervision to our international trade, and
the 'construction of an istlnnjan canal.
AMERICAN SHIPPING. I
A Boston man of reputation has created some
comment by" asserting most positively that he has
seen ghosts. The veracious correspondent does not
say with what brand of spirits the gentleman asso
ciated himself.
These ore some of the advances Russia has made
toward^dominatign in China proper. Her position in
Manchuria seems now so well assured that she will
never be driven biit of that territory, She has there
fore large interests at §take, and cannot nfTord to
overlook the menace of the British alliance with
Japin. It is not at all probable that she seeks war.
.¦¦•.' •¦,.. , . • . . ¦ , . ¦ ¦ .
The writer says: "In 1896 Russia arranged a treaty
with China to build what, is known as the Chinese
eastern railways, connecting the main Siberian
railway with the Gulf of Pechili. In 1898 Russia ar
ranged a treaty with China by which she secured a
great naval station at Port Arthur and an open sea
terminus for her Siberian railroad at Talienwan,
where she has spent several millions of dollars to es-'
tablish a great commercial city. Under cover of a
name known as the 'Belgian syndicate' Russia is
building a railroad from Peking to Hankow and has
acquired a concession to build from Hankow to Can
ton. .She has taken possession of the railroad from
Neuchang to Shanhaikuan, and from there it will be
an easy matter to make connections with Peking,
thus giving her railroad connection from St. Peters
burg to Peking and an extension through the heart
of China to Canton, and, if followed closely with her
army, as in Northern China, will give her control of
alt China." ' •
The current/ number of Gunton's Magazine con
tains an article on "The Menace of Russia in China "
contributed by an American in China, which care
fully reviews the progress of the -Russians in that
country and shows the power they have already at
tained. The paper is timely and reveals how much
has been accomplished by the Russians within a com
paratively few years, notwithstanding the repeated
assurances of the Russian Government that no ag
gression upon China is intended or desired.
It is now well understood by the world at large
that the advancing empire of the Czar seeks domina
tion in China, and probably looks forward to even
tual annexation of the whole of it. The old Russian
idea of the conquest of India seems for a time at
least to be abandoned. • China is a far richer country
than India. The resources to be developed arc far
greater. The commercial possibilities arc vaster.
The people arc' more industrious and more homo
geneous than those. 6f India, and, finally, the chances
of conquest arc better, for India is well guarded,
while China is comparatively open. Such being the
case,' the Russian expansionists naturally direct their
present efforts mainly toward China and are resolved
to hold fast to what they have gained.
RUSSIA AND CHINA,
REPORTS carried to Shanghai by Chinese mer
chants to the tfTccf that they were, ordered to
remove their families irom Port Arthur be
cause preparations arc being made by the Russians
there for a war with Japan nrc doubtless exagger
ated. It is probable, however, that there may be an
clement of truth in them. Russia will naturally un
dertake to strengthen her hold upon China and will
fortify more strongly all her posts in that country by
way of safeguarding her interests against the re
cently announced coalition of Great Britain and
Japan.
1 New York has discovered nnother 'human freak,
This newly discovered curlonlty was released from
the legal' ronsequenccs of n jag the other diiy by i
Gotham Judge who Indicted upon the culprit the nw»
ful alternative of reading n Journal editorial. It I*
safe to say that everybody else would -have preferred
to have gone to jail rather than accept the editorial
dose. Such punishments should be placed in the
category of those prohibited by law.
Shortly before retiring from the office of Secretary
of the Treasury Mr. Gage in an address to the
American Bankers' Association said: "Looked at
from the standpoint of true statesmanship it' 1 would
appear that the present is the most propitious hour
in all our history, and as favorable. as any period we
may hope for in the future, to enter upon reasonable
and judicious measures to eliminate air elements of
financial weakness which experience has brought to
light and to perfect our now faulty system of cur
icncy." With that statement intelligent men of all
parties will agree, and while there will be of course
difference* of opinion concerning some of the de
tail* of the bill reported by the House Committee on
nsnking and Currency, there will be a general grati
fkstion that the Ihuo.U to.be met at once and that
the neccsiary changes In our currency system, are to
be vmade while we arc in the right condition 'for
tfjcm.
That there will be partisan opposition to the bill is
of course to be expected, and yet it would seem that
the Democrats of the South and the Populists of the
West might well be pleased with the measure since
it is designed to give those sections a larger and
more elastic currency than they now possess! It
provides a means for putting into circulation the
money now locked up in the treasury, and, moreover,
it enables communities where capital is scarce to ob
tain currency without having to lock up capital in
Government bonds. In short, it offers advantages to
districts far removed from financial centers which
they have not enjoyed before, and furnishes them an
easy way of profiting by the capital of the whole
country and having a currency circulation at all
times responsive to the demands of their enterprises
and at low rates of interest.
The banking bill reported to the House is designed
to meet just the needs pointed out by the President.
It purposes to transfer from the Government to the
banks a large part of the responsibility of protecting
the gold reserve of the country, to provide a cur
rency responsive to the needs • of trade that will
everywhere equalize the average interest rate and
thus remedy one of the most serious drawbacks to
industry and business in the West and South, and
to remove every doubt concerning our standard of
value.
The" old faying, "In time of peace prepare for
war," has its application here. In times of financial
Fccurity and business prosperity preparations should
be made for meeting panics and hard times when
they come. In his message to Congress President
Roosevelt urged action upon this question, saying:
"In many respects the national banking law fur
nishes sufficient liberty for the proper exercise of the
banking functions, but there seems to be. need of
better safeguards against 'the deranging influences of
commercial crises and financial panics. Moreover,
the currency of the country should be made respon
tivc to' the demands of our domestic trade and com
merce." '
The time is go opportune for legislation of this
kind that Congress might well waive minor objec
tions for the «akc of prompt action. The important
matter is to put our monetary system upon a well
ordcrcu bam, and to get it out of the arena of party
politics, -I, that there will be no political disturbances
hereafter in the operations of our banking and cur
rency.
BY the presentation of « comprehensive bank
ing and currency bill to tho House tho issues
involved in tho reform of our monetary sys
tnii on prevented to the country in a definite thape,
bud there is a prbipect they will bo settled at thii
teuton "I Cohgicsi, It Is nut to be expected that
the bill will talitfy c\cr>body, but u deals so fairly
with all tin- financial intcrciu of Hie country that
while it may tmderg? amendment it will doubtless
receive Republican support substantially bs reported.
CURRENCY LEGISLATION.
H will be admitted Hint llili criticism U lovely riu!
l.« /airly Muted, Mid yet let us tlb the 'committee Jiim
tlce. Wlmt'wmild It have rivalled to show Henry
those things without nho.wlng him California? Since
he had not time 'to come to thin eurtst and see the
true Kdcn of Amcilca It was perhaps wrll that he
wns permitted to see none of it. Ho will now fco
home knowing Hint ho wns sHown the best of our
cities nnd rcftllctng that ho saw the worst of our cli
mate. Some day he may wish to sec the best of thill
alio, tmd then he will come direct to California.
It is not necessary to follow the whole of this com
praint. It is, alas! too true. Consider rather what
Henry missed. The Constitution says he might
have seen, among other things: "Charleston, with
her famous fortresses' and her splendid West Indian
aVd^ CottGn States exposition, showing the wealth of
resources of the most opulent domain under the
sun; Savnnnah and her State-making memories;
St. Augustine, with Spanish ruins and modern pal
aces that Aladdin might have env!e\l; the climate of
a regnant sv.n, of breezes snturnted with the perfumes
of the orprge, the magnolia and the jessamine; the
nmbie'it, wooing airs of the gulf stream; *New Or
lennft and her ninrveln of nneient nnd up'to-dnte en
icrprlK'x; Montgomery, the cradle of the Confeder
acy; nnd— Atlanta, the peerless plienlx, sprung from
the nth lionpi of war to diuxle Imagination nnd eli,iN
leugo the dominion of a new and triumphant Mouth
lunill"
WITH the general run of criticisms upon the
rcceptloh given to Prince Henry of Prus
sia in this country The Call hn& no sym
pathy. In fact, most of them seem to have emanated
from crnnki, kickers, blatherskites and yellow jour
nals, and were lacking equally in reason und in man
ners. The Atlanta Constitution, however, has pre
sented a criticism' that merits notice. It is based
upon facts, and truth gleams from every sentence of
it It is not an expression of bad manners or bad
feelings, but the tender utterance of a friend pointing
out a grievous mistake and covering the thorn . of
criticism with a rose of poetic imagery.
The complaint of the Constitution is that the com
mittee having charge of what it calls "Henry's zig
zaggery" gave him too much bad weather and too
little good weather. They took him where he saw-
America at its worst, and denied him the joy of sec
ing that portion of it which at this season is sun
lighted and gemmed with flowers. They took him,
says our contemporary, through "about the coldest
succession of snow scenes and dissolving views of fog
banks, floods and' frost-bitten populations that the
country affords. His chiefest ideas concerning the
United States are bound to be that when we are not
frozen up we are afloat. The" Board of Bumology
whooped him around New York through snowdrifts
nine feet deep, whisked him about the national capi
tal in one of those Washington rains that make faith
in the Noachian deluge dead easy, slammed him into
a washout at Philadelphia, and caromed him into
Chattanooga under conditions that made Lookout
Mountain seem like a peak of salvation."
WHAT HENRY MISSED.
It is stated that magazine publishers and the lec
ture bureaus have already opened negotiations with
Miss Stone, the ransomed missionary, but as the lady
was sworn to secrecy by, the bandits before they re
leased her, it is hard to see how »he will be able to
tell anything the public desires to know. After all,
however, for a modern magazine or lecture bureau
the name is the main thing! What is said is a matter
of no importance. *
Those who know his narrowness nnd the spiteful
streak in him believe that this Is his plan. Of course
it will be Intended to defeat Hill or any other who
may take his place In the somewhat frosty favor of
the Democracy. Republicans care but little about
the fight, except bs a mean* of diversion, Hut not
so with Mr. nrynn, He netunlly tnkci himself se
riousjy, and estimates his ,sl*e so generously that he
seems to chafe against the universe.
One significant thing is Mr. Bryan's defense of
the grave of Populism. That body is deceased and
interred. But he stands on its grave and eulogizes it.
Does it all mean that he hopes for a resurrection with
the intention of bejiu the candidate of the Populbts
and Socialists in 1004?
The country is very busy, but will anticipate
recreation -'when the New Yorker is heard from
again. Will he try confectionery or a club on Mr.
Bryan? Will he soothe or irritate him? Will-he
make him yell some more, or will they sing together
"Blest be the tie that binds"? X
Hill is an intrepid politician, but his intrepidity is
modified by caution. He evidently had no idea that
his peaceful overtures would make Mr. Bryan turgid.
He thought that when he offered that, distinguished
agriculturist the olive branch^ and the pruning-hook
and plow, the milking-stool, , husking-peg, scythe,
hayrake and hoe, and all the other emblems of rural
peace and plenty, he would not refuse. But instead
of accepting these neighborly tokens. Mr. Bryan
squirts vitriol, goes to his recrimination pigeon
hole and pulls out enough .vengeance to equip a
Kentucky vendetta and lets fly his stinger with all
the venom of a bald-face hornet.
The country is amused. It would Yathcr «cc the
Democratic organization in hands better and safer
for the public interests than 'Mr. Bryan's. But he
lefuses to let go. He has made the organization a
carcase, on which he crouches growling at all who
approach. As long as he docs this he leaves no
course for self-respecting Democrats except to snub
the polls or support the Republican candidates who
suit them best in their personal aspect.
All this was so displeasing to Mr. Bryan that he
daubed him with war paint and decked him with
feathers and climbed Hill 'with a whoop. He ac
cuses the New Yorker of making a bid for the Presi
dency, of jumping on', the Populists when they
were not looking and, of having sulked nnd skulked
in thcMa/t two, campaigns. 1 lie serves notice' that if
Hill is nominated he will bolt and injure him. It
is evident that Mr. Biyan regards himself as a can
didate again, and. proposes to permit no opposition,
The place is up- at' auction, but there must be only
one bidder.
MR. BRYAN has -concluded to seek fame by
assaulting the Hill of New York, as a politi
cal Rough Rider. The sadly inharmonious
Democracy held a harmony service in the New
York Manhattan Club on February 22. Governor
Hill appeared there and made an adroit speech, a
mixture of the hiethods of Martin Van Buren and
Dean Richmond. It outlined the conditions of party
harmony, held' out the prospect of success by re
union of the ranks, smote Populism in the fifth rib,
and altogether was an exceedingly ingenious attempt
to pour glue on the cracked party and make it ser
viceable, for the future. ,* U,
ROUGH RIDER BRYAN.
Indeed, her advance in times of peace has been so
•great th^t* she. could\ "hardly expect • to" accomplish
more by the most' successful war. Still, she puts her
forts in order. Should war come the allied forces
wpuld .find Russia ready with a warm welcome at
Port. Arthur, and it is probably -the preparations "for '
such a contingency that gave rise to the reports car
ried to Shanghai. .-
Turkey may be poor and oppressed, but
tlm "Hull un has In his treasury a collection
which oven at a forced sale would pay
tho entire debt of the country. Tho treas
ury consists of three large halls full of all
BortB of • precious articles, but, unfortu
nately, the light is so bad that, a close In
spectlon Is almost impossible. At the en
trance a splendid throne, captured from
tho Persians, is the first object Been. It
Is onn mass of pearls, and is studded all
over with precious stones. The first hall
la filled with a vast collection of gold and
silver cups and plates, ' ancient stone?.
Jeweled daggers, swords, knives and
suits of armor. From the top of a second
throne hangs a huge emerald, which looks
too large to be i«/il. Cases around the
room contain necklaces, brooches and
rings by hundreds. A dressing table cov
ered with pearls is exceedingly beautiful.
Among this mass of treasures it Is rather
surprising to find such articles as modern
silver-mounted dressing bags, telescopes,
photographic cameras and even a case of
razors. The next hall is given up to gold
and silver ornaments and blue china, and
lovely v sets of coffee cup holders worked
in . gold and silver and precious stones,
with a magnificent collection of enameled
copper bowls. Among the ornaments were
many, toys made out of the mosf precious
material. The body of one little doll was
formed out of a single pearl. The third
hall contains quantities of coins. No at
tempt has been made to classify them,
but they are beautifully arranged in large
cases. No one in the treasury, not even
the guardians, seems to know anything
about the history of the articles confided
to their care.
Treasury of Abdul Hamad.
WASHINGTON. March 10.— The follow
ing Calif ornluns arrived hero to-day: At
tho Hulelgh, "W. Green of- San Francisco;
nt tho St. James, J. 1'. Slnhow of Santa
Rosa.
Cnlif ornlana in Washington.
Railroad Commissioner 12. B. Edson of
Gazelle is at tho Occidental. He is ac
companied by his brother, J. R. Edwn.
V. IJ. Chandler, a merchant of 131 Mlro.
is here on n short business trip. He has
mudo his headquarters at the Lick.
Customs Colloctor Btratton returned
yesterday from a two weeks' trip to
Southern California.
ThairuB O. Tolnnd, ft member of the
Btato liimril of Equalization, is registered
nt the Lick.
D. A. Soccl, a theatrical manager of
Manila, l» at tho Putuce. Ho i» en routs
to Europe.
W. U. Banldtor, ft jwell known resident
of Fresno, is utnong tho arrivals at tlm
Occidental.
Hoi" 1 1 Hoberti <>r Bantu Cms In nt tlm
1'ltlnee.
10. H. W/iii'i mini, n iiiiUnrpiii'M nil mart.
Is at the iininii,
.1. iitiiiiitH'lsinim, 11 mereliunt of Win
i"i-n, Ih nt the Urtuuli
A, Nowell, un extcnslvo coffee grower
of Onutetnnlit, lit ut lln< Licit.
Ij. T. llittili'lil, a priiinlii-til attorney of
Hin'iiuiif tun, la at t tut Occidental.
Wllllnm 1'ollnrd, 11 mining man of But*
lei- Creek, 1b 11 tfueHt nt tlm Lick.
Dr. H. T. Woodward of Los Angelefl In
nt the Urnnd, accompanied by his wife.
PERSONAL MENTION,
JOHN MCLAUGHLIN, a 2 years and 8 months old youngrster of Phlladel
phia, la a prodigy in the world of muaic. HIa family and friends believe
him to be the youngest child singer in the world. He appears regularly
at the People's Bethel Mission in the City of Brotherly Love.
The boy is atill in kilts, but proudly boasts that he will soon grow out
or them and into trousers, with real pockets in them. HIa voice is a clear so
prano, and he sinus with expression far beyond his years.
The boy singer lias been appearing at the mission concerts and other en
tertainments plnee ha wa«.a year old, Ho sings hymns requiring a considerable,
compass of voice with the greatest ease, Rn d at every concert he Is obliged to
respond to several eneorea, His repertory covers almost the complete hymnal of
the church. Ha has what musical critics call a remarkable ear for music. When
he hears a melody once his memory retains it, and he can nine it without accom
paniment immediately afterward.
The hoy's talent was displayed when he was a year old. lie heard the hymn
"I'll He neady When the noil J* Called," and later ha was heard humming th^
melody In clear soprano tones, Ills parents nt once began to train the small
snngNter, and soon he had mastered "Holy City," "Nearer, My Qod. to Thee"
"Mother's 1'rayer", nnd other hymns. '
THE SAN .FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, -MARCH 11, 1902.
THIS QUAKER CITY BABY
IS A MUSICAL WONDER
6
AHUSEHENTS.
FlscbeV'6 Theater— "The French Maid."
California— "The White Slave,"
Tlvoli — "The Serenade."
Central— "Oliver Twist."
Alcazar — "A Coat of Many Colors."
Columbia — "Arizona."
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
Grand Opera-house — "The House That Jack Built."
Chutes, Zoo and Theater — Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening.
Bherman-Clay Hall — Concert.
Metropolitan Hall — Paderewaki evening, to- morrow.
Woodwau-d'a Pavilion — Winter Circua.
Oakland Racetrack — Races to-day.
By Occidental Horse Exchange— This day, 160 Horses, at
7:i Howard etreet. . ¦
Auction fcal« — Thi» day. lloraes, at 721 Howard street.
Auction Bale Frf<ja>\ March J4, at 10 o'clock, trotter* and
l a<i-iB, at llut) tioldt-n tiete avenue,
AUCTION SALES.
gpecisl infrmnaUyif' daily ta
bufiintee houses and imfeHa men by tht
i'reM Clipping in»r«mu (Alien's), 610 Mom"
Kwim?ry nweei. T«l«t>hen« Main 1043. y "
Townsend'a California slaee fruits, sae a
iteund, in fire-etched bq X ep ar Jap, u n,
Uib, A nk-s prentsM tor Eastern frkn'd",
UU Mil" iai Pt,, f.UaiH Hotel building, «
LooH out for 81 4th nt,, front barber and
grocer; best eyeglasses, epec9, JOq to 40c, •
Cal, glace fruit EOc per ib at Townsend'a. 1
Ex. strong hoarhound candy. Townaend'j. 1
I The pe^fJt/A^%1^f m 'Jl1^^ I
I Assisted by MISS GRACE FREEMAN, Violinist. H
I METROPOLITAN HALL I
I ' WEDNESDAY, MARCH 12th, at 8:15. 1
i Tho hat and boat, of tho "Groat Pianists' " aories of PIANOLA I
*M CVa'SKT^'a'^VSi 1 . fa ™_ rtt " p|aeM of Paderawakt *"» »>• rendered by tha I j
"Tho IMmiioIu Ih Perfection "-IWMiRliWttKI. • \jThe entertainment which was to have
been given by the Golden State Valley
Improvement Club at Stelmke Hall, cor
ner of Union and Octavia streets, last
Wednesday, and which was postponed
owing to the inclement weather, will be
held to-morrow evening.
Entertainment Postponed.
Commencing to-morrow night, the
Registration office will be kept open
every Wednesday night for the purpose
of affording voters a chance to register.
The Registrar also recommended that
b'.ds be invited for furnishing straw board
boxen, candlesticks, candles, poll and
tally sheets, roster, semt-onlcial returns,
envelopes for returns and repair of rub
ber stamps for the coming primary and
general elections.
Acting upon the report of Registrar
Walsh, the Board of Election Commis
sioners has decided to appoint 678 officer?
for the primary election to bo held this
year, and 640 deputies for precinct regis
tration, making a total of 1318 appoint
ments. These must bo made before
June 1. Monday, April 7, has been fixed as
tho date for the consideration of such ap
pointments. Those who have served be
fore will be given the preference.
Over Thirteen Hundred Officers
to Carry Out Details.
Law Requires Early Appointment of
REGISTRAR GETS BEADY
FOB COMING ELECTIONS
Tha French use only one-third as much
sugar, head for head, as the English.
A new street in his native city of Rio
de Janeiro Is to be named after M. Santoa-
Dumont.
Tho directors of tho Wells-Fargo Ex
press Company are making arrangements
to celebrate the semi-centennial annivers
ary of the company'! existence, which
will fall on Tuesday, March 18. On that
date the company will have been doing
business an even fifty years.
The employes of the concern will all be
given souvenirs In the shape of medals
Bu'tJibly Inscribed and symbolic of the
company's business to commemorate the
event. The souvenirs are quite substan
tial affairs and It Is certain that the em
ployes of the company will value them
highly. Owing to the recent death of
President Valentine there will be no
social ceremonies In honor of the anni
versary. •
Making Arrangements to
Colebrato Event.
Wellf-rargo Exprcsi Company Busy
IS PREPARING FOB ITS
FIFTIETH ANNIVEHSAHY
Antone L. Enelund, proprietor of a pto
ture frame business at 1107 Mutter street*
committed suicide last Sunday by lnhaW
Ing Illuminating gait. His drnd body
was found yesterday by Goorgo Mal«, hi i
assistant, whnn he camo to open tho place
at r:30 •o'clock. Enelund lay under tha
bench on which he was accustomed, to
gild picture frames; one end of a plpce of
rubber tublnjr was In his mouth und tha
other was nfnxed to the gas jet. The sui
cide had tied a handkerchief about his
head In such a way as to hold the tubing
Ip olace. Enclund was 'about 45 yearn of
age and was a member of the Woodmen
of the World. He had been despondent
for isome time.
ly Fluid Through a Long
Rubber Tube.
Antono L. Enelund Inhales tho Dead*
BUSINESS MAN KILLS
. HIMSELF WITH GA3
Also for a franchise beginning at the
intersection of Powell street and Mont
gomery avenue, thence along Montgom
ery avenue to Bay street.
The compuny also petitioned for a
twdiity-ilvu year frnnchise to opernto u
street railway, beginning at the Interaec
tion of Flllmuro and Bay streets und run
ning fllong Bay to Buchanan, thence
ulong Buchanan to Jefferson; also for a
franchise beginning at the intersection of
Post and Leavenworth streets and run
ning along Leavenworth to Vallejo,
thence along Vallejo to Pierce, thenc»
along Pierce to Filbert, thence along Fil
bert to the Presidio reservation.
The company petitioned for a twenty
five yeur franchise to opernte & street
iiillwny, Ix'kIwiIiik at the intersection of
Kant mill C'htMtnut streets, itni running
thence along I£u8t to Francisco, theucu
along Fruncldco to Kearny, thence along
Kearney to Hay, thenca along Hay to
Ooiitfh, iti>-iif<! aimiK Uotiffh to Orucnwlch,
thencu along Oreenwlch to 1'lerce, thence
ulong Pierce to Chestnut, thenco along
Chestnut to Hnxlrrlok, thence ulong
Iirodcrlck to Jeffcrtton f '-tncnce along Jci
fniHun to the Prueldlo reservation.'
Tho Market Street Railway Company
petitioned tha Board of Bupervlttgri ye»
terduy for addltionul franchise privilege*
to operute street railway* In this city.
The petition! were referred .to the Street
Committee, nnd should they ba granted by
the bonrd the big corporation will have u
network of street cur lines under its con
trol.
Would Build Oar Line Prom
East Street .to the
Presidio.
Market Street Corpora
tion Petitions the
Supervisors.
COMPANY WANTS
NEW FRANCHISES
The Turn Schwestern of the Vereln Ein
tracht will hold their semi-annual 1 ball
In Eintracht Hall on Twelfth street on
the night of., the 16th lnst. The Turn
Schwestern compose the female branch
of th§ Eintracht Turner, Society.
Turn Schwestexn Ball.
John C. Applewhite filed a suit against
the Vulcan Smelting: and Refining- Com
pany yesterday to recover 115 shares of
stock of the corporation, which he al
leges he deposited with the firm for sale.
The value of the stock, the plaintiff al
leges, is 1 . $675. *
Sues to Recover Stock.
. The body of. Peter Balante, a fisherman,
was found yesterday morning floating in
the water near the ferry building by
another fisherman named Domenico Zen
ko. Balante was fishing near the Ala
meda mole on February 25 in a small
boat with Manuel Damato. ana a sudden
squall capsized the boat, throwing both
men into the water. They sank out of
sight almost immediately, being sweDt
away by the current, jjamato's body wag
found last Sunday night on the Alameda
beach. Both men were young, not more
than 26 years old, and. natives of, Italy.
Balante lived at 224 Francisco street and
Damato at 424A Francisco street.
Balante's Body Is Found.
"Please mall me a few pamphlets on
San Francisco and follow up same with
package by baggage or freight. Can use
any quantity you can supply." • ¦ .
In addition to this the State Board of
Trade has forwarded to Los Angeles re
ports of the board for the year 15)01. In
these publications are tables dealing with
climatic conditions, rainfall, temperature,
etc. The text of Secretary Wiggins' let
ter is as follows:
The Los Angeles Chamber of Commerce
has sent to the State Board of Trc.de to
secure publications for circulation among
the tourists In the city of the angeles
relative to the city of San Francisco. The
letter containing the request was signed
by Secretary Frank Wiggins of the Los
Angeles chamber. According to the state
ment included in the body of /the com
munication there Is a large demand for
literature- concerning .San Francisco. Sec
retary Fllcher in response to the request
has forwarded to Los Angeles a large
number of copies of a pamphlet in which
the attractions of this city are told to
some extent, dividing his entire stock of
such information that the people visiting
In the south might have the best possible
opportunity under the circumstances to
learn.
for Circulation.
ber of Commerce for Literature
Bequest Is Made by Southern Cham-
LOb ANGELENOS ABE
HELPI2JG SAN FBANCISC0
ST. PAUL. Minn., March 10.— The House of
Representatives this afternoon passed an
amended Bt. Louis Exposition bill, appropri
ating $50,000 for a Minnesota exhibit. The
bill goes at once to the Senate and probably
will pass that body later to-day.
Empire Utate-IUahu Mining and Develop
ing Company and La«t Chance Mining Com
pany vs. Uunkir 11111 and Huiilvan Mining and
Concentrating Comunny, Idaho — Cross counts
of error, sued by defendant* to the action of
ejectment broucht In the court below by the
defendant in error es plaintiff, based upon Its
ownership of the Btemwlnder mining claim.
The findings failed to itiow that the Kmplre
State infringed upon any right of the plaintiff.
Judgment revemed and cane remanded with In
dtructlons to the court below to enter Judg
ment for the defendant* on the findings.
Frank W. Orlffln v«. The American Gold
Mining Company, United States District Court
of Alaska— Judgment Affirmed.
Allen F. LlndHley vs. Union Hllver Ktar Min-
Inir Company, Northern iJlviston of Idaho — Ac
t li n to recover poH*esiilon of mining property.
Judgment affirmed.
Judges Gilbert, Ross and Hawley sat
as the United States Circuit Court of Ap
peals yesterday and listened to tho argu
ments for and against the motion for
new trials in the casea in which Walter
N. Dimmick was defendant. George D.
Collins appeared for Dimmick and con
tended that United States District Judge
de Haven had erred in several of his
rulings as to material points' In the case.
Denxon & Schlesingcr appeared on behalf
-of "the Government and replied, after
which the matter was, submitted. Decis
ions were handed down as follows:
for New Trial in Dimmick
Case.
Judges Hear Attorneys on the Motion
A2GUMENT IN CIRCUIT
COUBT OF APPEALS
A special meeting of the Board of
Education was held yesterday afternoon
to appoint a teacher for the vacancy in
the Humholdt Evening School, caused by
the granting of leave of absence to Her
bert Dam. W. V. Blake, a graduate of
Stanford University, class of '06, upon
the recommendantion of the faculty, was
elected a substitute teacher and later
chosen to fill the vacancy. He will as
sume his duties at once*
Elects New Teacher.
Judge Ross handed down an opinion
yesterday from the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals that will prove of much
interest to Boards of Supervisors and
purchasers of municipal bonds. The case
in that of Boise City, Idaho, vs. Robert U.
Wilson ct. al. The case was submitted
to the court below upon the pleadings and
an agreed statement of. facts, from which
It appeared that the assessments for the
municipal Improvement In question were
levied In accordance with what Is known
an the front foot rule; nnd the court being
of the opinion that under the decision of
the Supreme Court In the case of Nor
wood vs. Baker, 172 U. S. 2C9, assessments
so levied were necessarily Invalid, gave
the plaint iff s judgment. Judge. Ross'
opinion goes on to say:
"On the authority of French vs. Paving
Company, 181 U. 8. 324. Wight vs. David
eon, Idaho, 371, and Bimllar decisions de
cided at the same time and reported In
the same volume, explaining if not quali
fying the case of Norwood vs. Baker, the
judgment is reversed and cause remanded
with instructions to the court below to
enter Judgment for the defendant."
United States Circuit Court of Ap-
peals Says That Such Assess
ments Axe Valid.
ETBEET WOBK DECISION
/ ON FRONT TOOT BULB
Several protestants against tho Pat
tridge Bite were heard, all of whom ob
jected to the location of a pesthouse in
that vicinity because property values
would be depreciated. Supervisor Curtis
pleaded for the removal of the hospital
from Twenty-sixth street to the place
thtit would suffer the least harm thereby.
The ordinances .fixing the minimum
standard quality and illuminating power
of eas and the maximum price to be
charged therefor, also lixing the minimum
rute to be charged for electric lights and
for electricity for heat and power pur
poses, were finally passed. The rate for
g&8 to consumers and public buildings is
fixed at $130 per thousand cubic feet and
for lighting streets 9 cents per lamp and
15 cents for each cluster lamp. The rate
for electric lights is fixed at 11 cents per
thousand watt hours, with usual dis
counts, according to quantity.
Supervisor d'Ancona, chairman of the
Hospital Committee, said the majority of
the committee had recommended the Bay
View Land Company's site because it
realized that the location of the pesthouse
on the Pattrldgo site would Jeopardize the
commercial Interests of South San .Fran
cisco.
It Is in a sightly location, but people fa
miliar with it for years state that it 1> wind
swept, without the afternoon sun, and catches
the summer fogs. With an appropriation of
but 115,000 in all, which the Hospital Com
mittee has repeatedly declared it must not
exceed, but which must cover the entire out
lay, but $5000 to $700U would be available with
which to meet all of. the expenses meutioned
and to construct the buildings.
The liny View Association offers a barren
tract \>f land un a hllulde, unimproved and
without a road leading to it— ten acres for
?111,000, or, possibly eight acres for $8WK>, a
prlca frankly admitted by the agent to be
double its market price. It is fully a mllu
•farther away than llay View Farm, by road,
tho only objection offered U> the latter hav
ing been its (Distance. There Is no water de
veloped on the new tract, - no assurance that
any can be found there, and, assuming , that
it has no water supply, the owners have of
fered the hue of another lot, a 'third of a
mile distant, where the city may hope to
develop water and thence convey it, by a
power plant, to the proposed site, which is
100 feet higher, where a large and expensive
reservoir must be constructed to guard against
a water famine in case of accident to ! the
system.
Supervisor Payot, a member of the Hos
pital Committee, filed a minority, report,
iccommendlng tho selection of the l'ut
trldge tract. Payot assigned as his mi
runs that the Health Hoard had reportud
In favor of this tract on. account of Us
accessibility and that thu natural con
veniences on tha site ure superior in every
way to the Day View Land Company's
t»*uct. » The report contained a description
of tho advantages of tho Pattrldgo situ and
the objections to tho new site offered.
Tho objections noted by Payot follow J
The Board of Supervisors yesterday
passed to print the resolution offering the
Hay View Land Company $800 per acre
for a seven-acre tract of land to be used
bb a site for a pesthouae. There was no
objection to the selection of the site, the
\oh* being unanimously In favor of It an
agulnst the Pattrldge site.
Powel Fredrick, who was appointed by
Mayor Schmitz to act an clerk to j tho
Justices in place of Ed Williams, re
moved from offlce, naturally figures as a
candidate for the office.
The Board of Supervisors adopted a
resolution yesterday afternoon intro
duced by Supervisor Wynn that , tbo
whole question bo referred to a special
ri.iiitiilni-ii lo be appointed by the Mayor
f.-r the purpose of consulting with the
Mayor and the Justices, and reporting
li/ii u to the board.
The Justices of the Peace did not pre
sent tho name of Georgo S. McComb to
the BuprrvlMor* for confirmation, as they
had decided to nwult the preHcntatlon of
w.viiu'pi resolution fur a special commit
tee to be appointed.
Mayor Bchmitx stated after the ad
journment of the bonrd that he wouid ap
point Bupcrvlsors Wynn, Comte and
Urnt to act us tho special committee.
Political circles are much Interested in
the dispute over the ullkc of clerk to tho
Justices of the Peace. A number of candi
dates ure mentioned for the offlce, in
cluding George 8. McComb, Robert W.
Dennis. A. U. Maguire, Frank Grimes
and HJchard Welsh.
Tho tangle as to who shall hold office
as i-ii-rk to the Justices of the Peace of
the City and County of Ban Francisco Is
Mo-ly to be settled in un amicable man
ner.
Takes Final Action on the
Rates for Ga3 and
Electricity.
Mayor Schmitz Appoints Bent,
Wynn and Oomte to File
Report.
Rejects the Offer Made
by the Pattridge
Estate.
Supervisors' Committee
to Confer on Justices'
Clerkship.
BOARD SELECTS
PESTHOUSE SITE
END OF DISPUTE
IS NEAR AT HAND
DAY'S WORK OF CITY'S LEGISLATORS
MAYOR'S VETO
IS SUSTAINED
Project for a Park on
Van Ness Avenue ¦
Is Killed.
Promoters of American River
Water Supply Quote
th? Charter.
The Mayor's veto of the ordinance to
place a park in the middle of Van Ness
uvunuu between Bush and Pine streets
wmh sutitaincd by tne Hoard of Superv!'
fun yesterday.
Urandenateln opposed the veto on tho
ground tlmi the beautlflcatlon of tho city
wag iilmoit us importunt aa paving tho
streets. Wynn urged that provision bo
mado to houso the sick poor beforo tiny
uttempt wan made to beautify the streets
L'urtiu took exception to Wynn's remarks
and urgueri that ex-Muyor Phelan's es
thetic' idi-.'.M should In) curried out. The
veto to ppus tho ordinance notwithstand
ing tho Muyor's veto was;
Ayrn— unit, lSnuiileiistrlii, llniuiilmit, Cur
tilt l'*i' \L (TK* t'
Noes— A I pent, Hooth, Boxton, Comte, Con«
nor, D'Ancona, Louglicry, Lynch, McClellan,
I'ayot, Wilson, Wynn— 12.
The resolution requesting the Board of
Works to report upon tho avuilubility of
tho north fork of the American Hivor as
a pource of water supply, with special
reference to Ice Lakes, Palisade Lako,
Lake Valley, Six-mile Valley and Two
n;llo Valley, as storage reservoir sites,
vuB ruref erred" to tho Public Utilities
Committee. The resolution was presented
by the committee In lieu of another ill
rtctlng tho Board of Works to prepare
plans and eutimates of original cost of
the system, which Is better known as thd
Giant Oap supply, and ottered to the city
by It. L. Dunn and W. Alherger.
Attorney Frank H. Gould addressed tho
board and argued that the substitute or
dinance was not In accord with the char
ter. Gould referred to another resolution
directing the Board of Works to report
on several available supplies, Including
the American River supply. Braunhart
hairt there were not sutliclent funds to
comply with the charter provisions re
quiring estimates on all available supplies.
Gould said that his clients would deposit
the money necessary to carry on the In
vestigation.
Bids for Official Advertising.
Bids for doing the official advertising
were opened from the Evening Post,
which bid 35 centH for each half Inch In
sertion; Journal Publishing Company, lO 1^
cents, and tho Bulletin, 50 cents.' The bids
were referred to the Printing Committee.
A resolution was adopted agreeing on
Ihe part of the city to rent thu premises
at 621 and 626 Merchant street.
The Printing Committee was authorized
to draw $150 from the urgent necessity
lund for expenses In preparing scheduleM
lor supplies..
The City Attorney was requested to ad
vise whether the charter gives the board*
upon recommendation of the Mayor, the
power to create the position of cashier of
the License OHlce, and if so, whether the
appointment must be made under the
civil service list.
The City Attorney was requested to ad
vise whether the Police Commission,
Sheriff and Election Commissioner, must
make requisition on the board for goods
not included In the annual schedule of
supplies, and whether contracts for the
game must be awarded after calling fpr
competitive bids. Also, has the board the
right to reject demands for non-contract
supplies, and what departments have the
right to Independently order non-contract
supplies.
Would Buy Eight of Way.
The Spring Valley Water Works was
requested to Bell a right of ray over Its
Lobos Creek property to the city for the
purpose of obtaining a direct northerly
entrance Into the Presidio . reservation
west of Mountain Lake, from the pro
posed northerly extension of Golden Gate
Park.
The City Attorney was requested to
Inform the board in whom the title to
land on Nineteenth street, near Dolores,
Is vested, the same forming part of a
block proposed to bo acquired through
bond Issue for park purposes.
Tho Bay City Athletic Club was grant
ed a permit to hold an amateur boxing
exhibition on March 19, W2.
The City Attorney wan,auked to ad
vise In whom Is vested tho authority to
call for proposals to furnish supplies to
the Board of Works.
The bill providing regulations for the
temporary occupancy of a public strctel
by materials or uppllances was passed to
The Board of Works wan directed to re
move within ninety days all obstructions
on Channel street, between IJrunnun and
Townsend, and located on city prop
erty.
Tho Health Board was requested to
make monthly analyses of the waters of
Alamcda Creek. -
Tho ordinance establishing trades on
Nineteenth street, between Indiana street
and Pennsylvania avenue, nnd Iowa
fltreet, between Eighteenth and Twenti
eth, was passed to print. - Q
Values Alaxneda Creek System.
The board adjourned to meet Wednes
day at 3 p. m., to consider the water rate
Investigation. City Engineer Grunsky
filed a report, fixing $1,81)8,403 as a new
valuation on that portion of the Alamedu
Creek system used by the Spring Valley
Water Company In supplying water to
this city. This does not Include the
Calaveras Creek purchases and the Ala
meda pipe line. The report says:
It appears from the figures submitted by the
Spring Valley Water Company as the -coat -of
the properties on the Alamecla and Calaveras
Creek systems, apart from the purchase of
the Calavcras property and of additional lands
contiguous thereto, which purchases amount In
the aggregate to $1,1G9.C5O, that the water
company has expended on that system $1,898,
4i>3. As an addition to this sum the company
claims that interest paid during 1001 • to the
amount of $111,410 should be added.
Comparing this amount of $1,808,403 with
last year's allowance, $1,309,000, for the Ala
meda Creek system above Miles, to which
$504,410, .a contribution to this system in 1901,
ere to be added, making $1,87:1,410, there re
mains about $25,000 unaccounted for.
This discrepancy is probably due either to
incompleteness or misinterpretation of data at
hand last year when the approval was made.
Convicted of Burglary. |
Louis Cruzati was tried before a jury
In Judge Dunne's court yesterday on a
charge of burglary in the first degree and
convicted.- He was accused, along with
Emanuel Rlos, of breaking into the store
of G. Leonardini & Co., 21'/ Broadway, on
the night of December 17. Rio demanded
a separate trial, which will take place to
day. •¦• •;;¦ -•:
Pollard Crowther in Court.
J. Pollard Crowther, the society young
man from Kobe,; Japan, charged by J. A.
Robinson of the Knickerbocker Hotel
with passing a fictitious check for $100
upon him, appeared in Judge Mogan's
court yesterday. As' the Judge was sick
Judge Fritz continued the case till this
morning. Crowther was represented by
Attorney Craig. ¦
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MARCH 11, 1902.
7
III -The. WeaK and the
. MS? ¦ Convalescent
fero&M find a positive and rapid restorative in
flPBlffl ANHEUSER-BUSCH'S
mRIEHIa '%*'.'0' ~~ the " Food '' Drin 'k'"
Hra|' "'^iIk 9 must not ** e judged by the same stand-
ar<^ as alcoholic beverages -with "tonic"
rS^^^U^nNf^^^ titles. JHalt-JVatrine has 14.60* of genuine
|N^^^^^^&^j| nutritive extract and less than 2% of alcohol.
|fc(^^ j^^/ >^2^^fflll * 3 absolutely a non-Intoxicant and posi-
R- \([Th^^oa"I,tTO1^ tively strengthening and invigorating.
E * s Ii y^°*"""'*"""" BIX " -l ;S Doctors prescribe it.
Alt druggists sell It. Prepared only by
ggj^^^^ Anheuser-Busch Brewing Ass'n
eflSli'ii^^^^rai'^ ¦Br.W.ra of th« /ammas Budw«l»Jr. Mlcholob.
Sl^SS^^S^ BUch ° Tan * *¦"¦"'• Fftle-Lager, Anhcuacr*
rflWfiK 1 1 7iif*iiTifci*»*^ fljandard. Export PaU and Kxquislt*.
AMUSEMENT!
6 0 LU fA B I A LWI30 THEATEE
LAST 6 NIGHTS— MATINEE SATURDAY.
THE SEASON'S TRIUMPHANT SUCCES8!
Augustus Thomas' Peerless American Play,
ARIZONA
LAST PERFORMANCE SUNDAY.
BEGINNING NE0CT MONDAY.
America's Great Emotional Actress,
BLANCHE WALSH
First Six Nights and Saturday Matinee.
. The New Play by H. J. W. Dam,
*'LA MADELEINE."
Sunday Night and Special Matinee Thursday.
"JANICE MEREDITH"
Seat Sale Begins Thursday.
The Bame Truthful Story Prevails.
THE OLD SUCCESS MOST
WELCOME.
EVERY EVENING THIS WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY. •
THE WHITE
Q I A \/ P7 Bartley Cart>pb«ll's
OJL-/A V !-<¦ Beautiful Play,
Next Sunday Night— HOWARD KYLE, pre-
senting on .a scale of magnificence,
"NATHAN HALE."
By Clyde Fitch.
SEATS THURSDAY.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
EVERY EVENING THIS WEEK,
FAREWELL WEEK OF THE POPULAR
ACTOR,
GEORGE OBER
In Oeorgo U. Broadhurst'i Latest Comedy,
The House That Jack Bail t.
On* of the Funniest Plays Ever Written.
POPULAR PRICES 10c. 16c, 25c, 00c, 75c
Good Orchestra Scats All Matinees, 23c
Next Week— MELBOURNE McDOWELL.
Beiasco & Thall, Mgrs.
' TO-NipHT AND ALL WEEK,
The Great New York Comedy Success.
A COAT OF
MANY COLORS,
By the Author of "An American CKlaen."
: NEW SCENERY— STRONG CAST.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Seats on Sale Six Days in Advance. ¦ .
PRICES.. 15c. 2»c, 35c, 60c, 75c
Next— "ON AND OFF."
BE LaS CO a*b TrfA£r8sfetf£&
V*v; *¦*»*, " l( t** ¦* "V^ VKSSt Cttt tUUA
, TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
A Great Revival of Charles Dickens'. Immortal
Story.
OLIVER
TWIST.
A Tremendous Cast — A Bit Production.
PRICES — Evenings — 10c 15c. 25c, 35c, 500.
Matinees — 10c. 15c. 25c.
NEXT MONDAY— JIMMY BRITT as the
Bowery Boy in "THE BOWERY
. AFTER DARK."
WINTERJIRCUS!
WOODWARD'S PAVILION,
>;^— Valencia and Fourteenth Sta.—
Entire Change of Bill.
A MASTODONIC AGGREGATION OF
SYNDICATED SHOWS.
/.:.'•¦ STARTLING ARENA FEATS.
' GREAT DUNBAR TRIO.
SUPERB TROOP OF TRAINED ANIMALS.
ADMIS8ION 28 Cta. CHILDREN 10 Cta.
Weat Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
Great Mexican Remedy: elves health and
itrenfcth to sexual organs. Depot, 323 Market.
th& soap for fair,
white hands, bright
clear complexion,
softj healthful skin.
Sold all over the world. . .
AMURTnVTENTS.
"PADEREWSKl EVENING"
BY THE
PIANOLA.
Assisted by the Prominent Violinist*, ¦ ',
Miss Grace
Freeman
(Soloist at the Nordlca Concert).
Who will b« accompanied on the Pianola.
METROPOLITAN HALL,
Wednesday Evening, March 12,
at 8:15 o':io=k.
The Pianola selections will be taken from
the compositions and favorite concert piece* of
Paderewskl. who uses and indorses this won-
derful little device. Paderewskl says: "Th ?
Pianola Is perfection."
Last and Pest of the "Great Plaiist
8:r!es" of Pianola Concerts.
All tickets free. But to prevent overcrowd-
ing reserved seats should be obtained from
Kohler & Chase, 28-30 O'FarreU street.
ft I I lQ| r) 8
EVENINGS AT 9 SHARP! "
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 SHARP!
A TREMENDOUS RUN ASSURED.
For the Kit of the
BOSTON I A NS.
THE
Serenade!
THinD "WEEK— GREAT SHOW.
SECURE BEATS IN ADVANCE.
POPULAR PRICES 23c, OOo and 75c
Telephone Bush 0.
EVENTFUL VAUDEVILLIANSI
PAUL CINQUEVALLI; TR0UBA-
DORS T0UL0USIANS; 3 DANC-
ING DAWSONS; 6 BLACKBIRDS;
THE ATJEBS; EVA MUDOE;
BIIXY CLIFFORD; THE TEN
NELSONS, AND THE BIOORAPK,
SHOWING PRINCE HENRY'S
RECEPTION.
Reserved Beats. 25c: Balcony, 10c; Box
Seats and Opera Chairs. 60c.
[Fischers Theatre
f\t%ti j Think.
T*o I Of Mt t
THE THIRD WEEK ~.
And the House Crowded Again.
THE FRENCH MAID.
So Beautifully Presented.
So Finely Sung.
So Excellently Acted.
And Such a Great Chonis.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Those Popular Prices — Night. 25c and 50c;
Matinees. 25c to Any Place; Children at Mat-
inees, 15c. f,;-*A
Watch the Next Play.
."LITTLE CHRISTOPHER"
Chuck Full of Good Things.
Excruciatingly Funny Burlesque.
KATHARINE FISK,
THE FAMOUS CONTRALTO.
FIRST RECITAL
TO-NIGHT.
SHERMAN & CLAY HALL
FRIDAY NIGHT. THURSDAY and SATURJ.
DAY AFTERNOONS.
Reserved seats. $1 60, |1 and 75c, at Sher-
man, Clay Si Co.'s.
gi^ RACING
~S^«"^'*"~ > **I** Every Week Day—
«r . . Rain or Shins.
NcW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
OAKLAND RACETRACK. HM
. Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp. .
Ferry-boat leaves San Francisco at 12 ra. and
12:30. 1. 1:30. 2. 2:30 and 3 p. m.. connecting
with trains stopping at the entrance to th«
track. Laat two cars on train reserved (or
ladles and their escorts; no smoking. Buy your
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenua
electrio cars at Seventh and Broadway, Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alameda mole con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenta
and Broadway. Oakland. These electrio cars
go direct to the track In fifteen minutes.
Returning — Trains leave the track at 4:U
and 4:45 p. m. and Immediately after the Ia*t
. 'THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.'
CHARLES F. PRICE. Secy, and Mjpr.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BjwKaB8lH Sffll^r * • ¦ ¦¦¦¦>
Positively cured by thess
Little Pills.
They also relieve distress from Dys-
pepsia, Indigestion and Too Hearty
Eating. A perfect remedy for Dizzi-
ness, Nausea, Drowsiness, Bad Taste
in the Mouth, Coated Tongue, Pain in
the Side. TORPID LIVER. They
Rr?u1ete the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small PHI. 6hmll Dose.
Bmntt Price.
OCEAIT TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
1 L Ktfflmm lrav« Bretdwiy
*\- V.l.nif, | M x fr-BBCtiCO:
?*Vv*iK lf " or Krtchikiin, Jun*a«,
JgWJ^k*^. Pkngwuy, ptc, AUitfc*— 11
fTWRSw^ " tt>; Mureh 7, 12. 17. 23, 2T.
YVJlVii April 1. rtmng* to mm-
r££*2*rji I'tnyi «irfi tP n, B B t M<-»tti».
i *8wlliJm%. r<r Virtorift, Vsnrouvpr.
"^ J ' orl Tuwnsrnd, UpBttl", T«-
mi|^ cotna. Krrrntt, N»-w Whit-
rnm— 11 a. m.T 'March 1, 12, 17, 22. 27, April I.
Than** at Prattlo lo IM« company* «team»ri
for Alackt mni O. N. Uy.: «t **p«tt1e jt t»-
coma to N }'. Hy .: «t Vancouver to C. V. Ily.
Vot IZurrha (IlumJwildt Hay) — 1:JO p. m.,
Mnrch h. ia. 1*. 23, i-S. April 2.
Kor B«n Dieiro, stopMwr only at Kama
7'Mi..ir«. Port Iyit Ancfl»» and Itedonao
UjO* Amrelf*)— Ppokane, Sunday*. 0 a. in.;
Elate of California. v»'« rtnogdayi", « a. m.
Kor Loa AnnU-r. calling at ganta Cruc.
ZInnterry, San Blmeon. Cayucoa. Port Ilarfor4
< Kan I. ni« Obiapo). Kanta Barbara. Ventura.
Hurp«mr, J:««t Han 1'edro, • fin 1'cdro and
•Newport <*Uonlta only).
i .'¦:!•;... 9 m. m.. Marl, 7. IB. 2.V31. April 8.
Coot Hay. 9 a. m.. March 10, 27, April 4.
For I".-..- ¦ • ¦< '.». Masdalena Hay, Kan Jone dfl
Cabo. Vazatlan. Altaia. La Paz. Santa Itoia-
lla and Ou.-.jmas CMcx.)— 10 a. m., 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain fold«r.
(:>'.• la reaerved to chance steamer* or
,• ¦ . >¦¦¦•.
TICKET OFFICE—* N>w Montsomerr
»f.-t ()'nlace Hotel)..
GOODALL, PEUKINP & CO.. Gen. Afenti,
10 M&rkct at.. San Frandico.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
FOR
FKNATOR JUNE 1
FT ATE OF CALIFORNIA JUKE 7
fctsamshlp. CITY OF PUEBLA anfl QUEEN.
Itavlr.r Ban Franclaco Mar -0 and May SI r«.
f peetlvely, connect With abort ateameni. Th*
ttfamshipa Senator cad State of California
made regular tripa to Nome laat rear, land-
lrr a!i paaarogera and frelsht without losa.
rcUhap or delay. For paiwcnrer rate* apply
Ticket orSct, 4 New Montgomery »t- (Palac*
Hotrl).
GOO^ALL. PEnKINS t CO.. Ofnl Areata,
10 Market at.. Ban Franclaco.
Wsg^ NOME
V^^^i SAILINGS.
VmjgpTP" THE FrRST class
\\\ S.S. PORTLAND
\\\ WILL, SAIL, FOR
1ST O "S/L ES
L'T-vir.E Ban Franciaco April 10»h
L'iv:r.c Seattle A»rll Mth
For Freieht and P«saac* Apply to
NORTHERN COMMERCIAL CO.,
C45 Market at.. Fan Franclaco.
Or EMPJKE TRANfiPOUTATlON CO., Pnret
Sound Aeent, Seattle, Wash.
O. R. & W. CO.
Only tlinnmiililp liln* *O
PORTLAND. Or.,~
And Chort Rnil Lin* frcm Portliii to n\\
polntt Eott. Throufth TLkota t» oil
t-olnf*. r'l rn*1 n- «tcntn«h!p ami ra'.l, n:
LOWISHT H-^XTCXJiS.
fTEAKEXTXCEETa :SCLDDZ BCKTi tzi K2111
HF <"XtUWniA Bail*. ..Mar. H. 24. April 3. 13
¥H. OEX». W. CLUKIl «»lla
Mar, 19, T.i. April 8. 1^
FU-amtT Mill frons foot of fij*or ft., II a. m.
J), Jtf. HITCHCOCK. Urn, Ayt.. 1 Monr'r. 8.K.
TOYO KISEN KAiSBA.
STEAMnr.S WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
nrr Klrrt and Drcnnan ttr*«t«. at 1 p. ra..
lor YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calllnit at
I Kobe ' i:i' :¦ >¦ Nagasaki and Hhanchal and con-
riectlnK at Hon?konif wlti> et*amera for India,
etc. No carco received en board oa day of
calling-.
Efi. AMERICA MAP.U...
Friday. March 21st. 1902
BS. HONGKONG MARU
Tucwlay. April 16th. 1002
6S. NIPPON MARU Friday. May Oth. l»02
Round-trip tick<"ta at reduced ratea. For
freight and passate a;-ply «t company'a office,
421 Market ttr»ct. corner FIrft.
TV. H. AVEST, General Airent.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And Cia M Americana da Vapores
To Valparaiso, etoppingr at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. Sailing from Hoff-
ar<I 3. pier 10. 12 m.
PALENA March 12 TTXAPEL April 10
SANTIAGO . .March 28 GUATEMALA
These steamers are built ?xpre*Ely for Central
end 6outh American passenger service. (No
change at Arapulco or Panama.) Freight and
passenger office, 310 California street.
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO.. Gen. Aper.ts.
SS. VENTURA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney. . Thurs.. March 20 10 a m
SS AUSTP.ALIA. for Tahiti
Saturday. March 29. 10 a m
ySS. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu
1 ..„ Saturday, March 29, 2 p. m.
pi D.SP2£Clt£LS 4 gEDS. CB, Etwrai Jkpob, 327 Karfeet SI
Cca'! Passage OlSa, E43 tlirket St., fitr lo. ?. fesfe St
PANAMA B, R, I Sfe >
TO HEW VOS.< Vi.4 PANAMA DIRECT.
Cabin. $105; Steerase. $40; Meala Free.
6. 8. Argyll tail* Monday, Alar. 17
6. 6. Leelanaw tails Monday, Mar. 2-4
S.S.Argyll sails Tuesday. April 28
Trozn Howara-rtreet wharf at 2 p. m.'
Freight and Paseenger Office, 330 Market at.
F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast A«ent.
C0r?AGKU CEKER1.L1 TBAKSATI.AKTIQOJ
VW.KVX LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS,
tailing every Thursday, instead of. •figijSS
Saturday, at 10 a. m., trom pier 42, t^'nw-mfm
North Kiver. foot of Morton atreet.
First clasi to Havr<. $70 and upward. Seoond
daes to liav:». $45 and upward. GENEHAL I
AGKNCT FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA, Z'l Broadway (Hudson building). New
Torlc J. F. FCGAZI & CX3.. Paciftc Coaat
Agents. 5 Moctgorcery avenue. Ban Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agenta.
BAY AlfD BIV2B STEAMEBS.
FOR U. S. HAVY YARD AND YALLFJO,
Steimers GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO
!i:42 a. m.. 3:15 and 8:30 p. m., except Sun-
day. Sunday. 3:45 a. m.. 8:20 p. m. Leaves
V&llejo 7 a. m.. 12:30 noon. 6 p. rn., except
* Sunday. Sunday. 7 a. ra., 4:15 p. m. Far* SO
centa. Telephone Main 1&0S. Landing and
office, pier 2. MJMica.street dock. HATCH
BliOS. '
' APVEBTISEMENTS.
Guaranteed solid oak chair,
brace arms, cane seat,
I Only 75te.
Only 2 sold to each buyer.
.You should -inspect our
stock of furniture, carpets and
draperies and Ret our prices
before buying.
J. BRILLIANT FURNITURE CO.,
338-343 PO9T. STREET,
Orpcslte Union 8quare.
For Stomach Disorders-
fi Cout and Dyspepsia
DRINK
Best NATURAL Alkalinsj Water
220 BROADWAY. N. Y.
j *••• • f
DENTISTRY AT, COST OF MATERIAL.
COLLEGE CLIMC FOR THE POOR.
Teeth extracted free and all operations by
graduate dentists of exsierlence. Open Sun-
days nnd evenings. Painless methods.
POST-GRADUATE DENTAL COLLEGE,
3 Taylor et., cor. Golden Gate ave.
PilliJPP Desirable location,
idlUVW unsurpassed cuisine,
¦ ; . un equaled ser-
53ffi/l vice and modern.
UlIU conveniences are the
* attributes that have
l»f*flVin made these two ho-
.Ulallil tels popular with
[-•'"•'¦"' toUrists and travel-
ifA'faic ers wno visit San
li lilt 15 Francisco.
¦>a^D^,sTiwri6&co^gak
(1 1}
MARKET 3T. SF^^a^
NEW ADVEBTISEMENTS.
HAIR WON'T FALL OUT
""""""
If *ou Kill the Dandruff Germ With
the New Treatment.
John N. Fuller, a well-known citizen of
Colfax. Wash., nays: "I had dandruff so
badly that it caked on my ecalp. Herpl-
clde completely cured me." George H.
McWhirk of Walla Walla, Wash., says:
"Herpicidc completely cured me of a bad
case of dandruff of thirty years' stand-
ing." They took tho only really sensible
treatment, a remedy that destroys the
dandruff germ— Newbro's Herplclde. Stop
dandruff, hair won't fall out. but will
grow naturally, luxuriantly. Allays Itch-
ing instantly and makes hair glossy and
soft as silk. At druggists'. One bottle
will convince any doubter of its merits.
A Waste of Words,
Expletives/ spent over frayed collars,
torn shirts, poorly washed skirts lose
time and gain nothing. Patronize the
U. S. Laundry for a change and see if
you cannot get better satisfaction. We
know we know how, we try with a will
and the result should be pleasing. Just
a trial order,, please.
No saw-edges.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY ASS'N.
Office 1OO4- Market. Straa:
Telephone— South 4-2O.
Oftl<l.->nel Off rj^-54. San PA'->i-> Av-».
OCEAN TBAVEL.
ftamburg-Americcm.
TWIN-SCREW FXPRR^ SERVICP.
PLYMOUTH— CHERBOURG— HAMBURG
A. Victoria Apr. 10 F. Bismarck... .May 1
Deutechland ...Apr. 17 Columbia .May 8
TWIN- CREW PA »S NG -R ERVICB.
PLYMOUTH— CHERBOURG— HAMBURG
Pretoria Mar. 15 1 Moltke Mar. 29
Patricia Apr. 5l\Valdersee .....Apr. 12
Hamburg-American Line, 37 B'way. IN. Y.
HERZOG & CO., Gen. Agts. for Pac. Coast,
401 California st.
yvaX3533?tXCr-flk.3V XiXXVJbJ.
¦ NEW YORK. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON.
Bt. Louis. Mr. 19. 10am St. Paul. Apl. 2, 10 am
Pbiladelphla.Mr2G.10m St. Louis. Apl. 9. 10 am
¦- riED S31W39L IiINE.
NEW YORK. ANTWERP. PARIS. '..;.-
Kenelngton.Mr 19, noonjFrlesIand.Apl. 2, noon
Haverford.Mr 26, noon' Southwark.Ap. 9, noon
. INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.,
CHAS. D. TAYLOR, G. A. P. C.
30 Montgomery st.The followijc; quotations are for good' sound
livestock delivered : at ' San Francisco, less 50
per Wht shrinkage ' for cattle:
There is nothing new to report.
DRESSED MEATS. • ,
Wholesale rates ' from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows: ¦ ,•
'BEEF— 6i4@7%i for Steers and 6@6%c per
lb for Cows. ¦'•.::.!
VEAL— Large. 7%@8%c; small. 8<910c per lb.
' MUTTON— Wethers, 8®8%c; Ewes, 7%@3%o
p«r pound. - ,
LAMB— Yearlings. 9%@10c per lb: Spring
Lamb. 12%@15c per.lb. ¦ -. t
PORK — Dressed . Hogs. 7%@9c per lb. '
LIVESTOCK'MARKET. ' ¦. ' " r
San Francisco Meat Market.
HOPS — ll®12c for fair and 12%@14c per lb
for ecod ¦ to choice.) Local dealers quote 15r$
17%c\for shipment.
HIDES AND SKINS — Culls and brands sell
about 1 %c under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, lie: medium. !)M;c; light, 8%c; Cow
Hides, 9c for heavy and S'^c for light; Stags
0%c; Salted Kip, 0c; Salted Veal, We; Salted
Calf, l'lc; Dry Hides, 10c; Culls. 14c; Dry
Kip. MQlOc: Dry Calf, 18c;. Culls ana Brand*.
16c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 15®30c each; shore
Wool, 30@60c each; . medium. 60@75c; long
Wool, SOc<S$l 10 each: Horse Hides, salt, $^ .«
@3 for large and $2 2S@2 50 for. medium, $1 75®
2 for small and 50c for Colts; Horse Hides, dry,
$1 75 for large, $1 25@1 50 for medium, $l@i 25
for small' and 50c for Colts. Deerskins — bum
mer or red jklns. fall or medium skins,
30c; winter or thin skins, 20c. Goatskins—
Prime. Aneoras, 75c: large and smooth. 50c;
medium, 35c.
TALLOW — No. 1 rendered. 6c per lb; No. 2
4V.@5c: grease, 3@3%c.
WOOL — Fall, San Joaquln. 6®8c; San Joa
quln Lambs', 7%@8%c; Middle County, 8@l0o
per lb; Valley Oregon, spring. 15@15%c; do
fall, 14®15c per lb. ¦ . « •
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
"All kinds remain, as quoted at the close of
the week. '_ Hay is steady. R,olled Barley firm
and Bran and Middlings weak. -
BRAN— $16 50017 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $19@20 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $20@21 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $27@28; jobbing.
$28&0@29; Cocoanut Cake. $20@21; Corn Meal,
$31®32; Crackea Corn, I $31 50032 50; Mixed
Feed. $16@17 50; Cottonseed Meal, $26 50. '
HAY— Wheat, $10@12 50; Wheat and Oat,
$9@12; Oat, $8@11; Alfalfa, $S@ll; Clover.
$7®0; Volunteer. $6 50@9; -Stock $6@S 50 per
ton. ¦' <¦'•¦ • : .....
STRAW — 4O@65c per bale.
Hay and Feed stuffs.
FLOUR — California Family Extras, $3 50®
3 75, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 40@3 CO;
Oregon. $2 7C@3 25 per barrel for family and $3
<23 90 for Bakers'; Washington Bakers, S3®
3 50;
- MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks- are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade : Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 Ids; Rye Flour. $2 75; Rye
Meal. $2 50; Rice Flour. $7; Corn Meal. $3 25;
extra cream do, $4; Oat Groats, $5; Hominy,
$4@4 25; Buckwheat : Flour,- $4@4 25; Cracked
Wheat, $3 50; Farina, $4 50; Whole Wh.at
Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $6 S5@8 35;
in sacks., $6 60® 8; Pearl Barley. $5; Split
Peas. $5; Green Peas, $6 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
NEW YORK. March 10. — Efforts were made
to contest the influence of the Saturday bank
statement during . the early hours of to-day's
stock mai ket. but late in the day belated
borrowers ran up the money rate by their
bidding against each other and predictions were
heard from the - best authorities that money
would rule higher in the Immediate future.
The disaster to the British arms .in South
Africa had a strong sentimental effect, ai
though the direct influence was restrained by
the fact that the London stock market was
closed when the news was received. Traders
here sold etocks on the supposition that the
news will induce some liquidation for London
account and also may affect the money mar
ket by accentuating the pressure for gold in
London. Reports by accepted authorities that
the condition of winter wheat was not prom
ising were also a bearish influence. The whole
market gave way and closed active and weak
•with a large number of leading stocks from
J to 2% points lower than Saturday's closing
j 'rices. There were many assurances put forth
this morning, apparently in concert, that noth
ing was to be feared from the money-market
in spite of the low stage of the reserves. The
principal burden of these .arguments .was to
the effect that a large proportion of the pres
ent 'large loans of the New York Clearing
House banks are to railroad and industrial syn
dicates, made up of the most prominent capi
talists. The point is also made that sufficient
account has not been taken of the great ex-
I<ansion In capital and surplus of the banks
and exaggerated account taken of. the small
increases in cash reserves. These arguments
evidently had some academic force but they
were not sufficient to dissuade the email
Hieculator. from selling out stocks when he
raw the index finger of the money rate point-
Ing to higher figures. It will require a ses
sion of the London Stock Exchange to measure
the effect of the news from South Africa. 1*
Is fortunate that progress had been made in
the liquidation of recent extravagant specu
lation In Kaffirs, but there has been a growing
conviction that the struggle in South Africa
was drawing to a close and that the forthcom
ing Government loan would be the last required
I for war expenditure there. How great a shock
this newt will bo will • be watched with in
terest by all other markets. The principal
feature of to-day's early market was the re
|sewal of the upward movement In Colorado
New York Stock Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
COTTOLENE — One half-barrel. 9%c; three
half-barrels, 9%c: one tierce, S)%c; two tiercea,
9%3; five tierces, 9%c per lb.
CURED MEATS — Bacon, 12c per lb lor
heavy, 12%c for light medium. 13 %c for light,
14%c for extra light and 15c for sugar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 12%@loc; Califor
nia Hams. ll«i@12%c; Mess Beef. $0 SOQIO
per barrel; extra Maes. $10 50® IV; Family,
$11 50©12: prime Mess Pork. $15; extra clear,
«22 C0&23; Mess, $18 50@l'J; Smoked Beer,
13%@14c per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 7%c per lb for
compound and 10%@llc for pure; half barrels,
pure, ll#c; 10-lb tins. ll%c; 5-ib tins, llft.i;
3-lb tins, ll%c. • •
Chicago continued dull with large receipts
of Hogs and little rallying power, though the
market was lightly higher on the day.. The
San Francisco market was dull and unchanged.
Provisions.
CHICAGO. March 10.— At the start In the
wheat pit there was a goodly array of bullish
arguments— cables were firm, . both Liverpool
and Paris; continued dry weather was reported
in the, winter wheat belt; receipts were light,
and commission houses had good .buying or
ders. Coarse grains were improved and aided
in the ua-turn. Under these Influences May
opened %c to up at 78V&C to 77%c and ad
vanced to 7S^4c. On the advance numerous
longs who had bought early last week sold for
profit£.y Prices steadied for some time around
78c, but when reports arrived of showers It
some localities of Kansas and Nebraska the
prop under wheat gave way, selling became
general and somewhat heavy and prices de
clined. There was much speculation as to
what the Government report of grains in
farmers' hands would state. There were .bear
ish Drellmlnary estimates that the reserveb
would be from 180,000,000 bushels to 200,000,
000 bushels. Trade wan fairly active. May
closed weak, %c lower, at 77c.
Corn was influenced chiefly by wheat, ruling
firm at the outset and sagging off on bearish
news, though not to such an extent as wheat.
Mxy closed weak, %@%c lower, at 61%@61%c.
Oats were dull, with an Inclination to sag in
sympathy with other grains. Closed easy, %c
lower, at 44 % c. •
An excess of 12,000 hogs over the estimated
run brofce, the hog market and Influenced lib
eral selling In the provision pit. May pork
closed 5c- lower, lard 2%@5c down and -ribs
2%c lower. •- "-V * ,
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles — v Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2— .
May 78^4 78>4 77 77-
July 78% 78% • 77=X, 77>i
September 78 ' 78 76% 76%
Corn No. 2 —
May 62% 62% 61% 61%
July 62U fi2% 61% 61%
September 60^4 60% 59% 59%
Oats No. 2 —
May : 44% 44% 44% 44%
July ........... 35% 35% 35*4 35%
September 30«,4 30% 30% 30%
Mess ' pork, per barrel — •
May 15 17% 15 27% 15 15 15.27%
July 15 35 15 42% 15 30 15 42%
Lard, per 100 pounds — .
May : 9 35 9 37% 9 32% 9 37%
July 9 50 9 50 9 45 9 50
; September 9 62% 9 62% 9 GO 9 00
Short ribs, per 100 pounds — • ¦ • •
May ' 8 35 8 37% 8 32% 8 37%
July 8 47% 8 50 8 42% 8 50 ¦ '
September 8 57% 8 60,- 8 50 - 8 60
Cash quotations were as . follows : Flour,
steady; No. 3 spring wheat. 75@76%c; No. 2
red. 82%®84%c; No. 2 oats, 44%#44%c; No.
2 white, 45>"»47%c; No. 3 white.. 44%@45%c;
No. 2 rye. 5S@58%c; fair to choice malting
barley, 00@G4c; No. 1 fiaxseed, $1 68; No. - 1
Northwestern, $1 71; prime . timothy- eeed,
$0 CO; mess pork, per barrel, $15 10@15 : 'l5;
lard, per 100 pounds, $9 22%®9 25; short ribs
sides (loose). $8 15®8 30; dry salted shoul
ders (boxed). 7%<S7 1 /4c; short clear sides
(boxed), $8 55@S C5; whisky, : basis of high
wines, $1 30.
Articles — . Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 22,000- •¦ 15,000
Wheat, bushels 45,000 51,000
Corn, bushels 101,000 ¦ 29,000
Oats, bushels ...112,000 \ 129,000
Rye. bushels "4,000/ - .6,000
Barley, bushels ... .... 26,000: . 5,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was ¦ steady; ' creameries, 18c; dairies,
18©25c. Cheese, steady,. 10%@12>4c. ¦ Eggs,
weak; fresh, 14%c.
Eastern Livestock Market.
. • CHICAGO. i '
CHIC AG O, March 10. — CATTLE— Recel pts,
21,000, including 400 Texans. Steady. Good to
prime steers, $6 5007; poor, to medium," $4 50®
6; stockors and feeders, $2 50@5 25;'"cowe/
$1 25@5 50; heifers, $2 50@6 25; canners', $1 25
«j-2 40; bulls, $2 50(g4 65; calves,. $3@6 75;
Texas fed steers, $4 75(95 90. "" ¦ •
HOGS— Receipts to-day, ' 57,000; ; to-morrow/
30,000; left over, 5000; 10c' lower. Mixed and
butchers', $5 00@6 30; good to choice heavy
$6 25®6 40: rough heavy*. $6<S6 20; light, $5 75
@C; bulk of sales, $5 95<g>6 25.' • . u . , .
SHEEP— Receipts, 25,000. Sheep and lambs
FRUITS— Apricots, 8Vi®10%c for Royals and
8%@13c for standard to fancy Moorparka;
Evaporated Apples, 7Vj@8*ic; sundrled, 5c;
Peaches. 6V4@SU<J; Pears. 6@"Jc; Plums, pitted,
6®5%c: unpitted, 1%@2%c; Nectarines, 5V;@Uc
for red and 5%©(Jc for white; Figs, 3c" for
black and 5@5%c for white.
PRUNES — 1001 crop are quoted as follows.
30-40' s.\ 0@«%c; 40-50's, 4»4@5Vic; 60-60's, 4}i
«?4%c; 00-70's, 3%@4'ic; "0-80's. oVi@3;ic; S0
90's. 2-%@3V4c: 90-100's. 2%®2%c per lb.
RAISINS — Seeded, 3-crown, he; 2-crown, (Si;
@7%c; Loose Muscatels, 614c for 4-crown and
5%c for seedless; 3-crown, 6c; 2-crown, 5f^c:
Seedless Sultanas, 5'Ac for unbleached and i<u)
8%3 for bleached. Clusters — Imperials. $3; De
hesa, $2 50; Fancy, $1 75; London Layers.
$1 25@1 35.
NUTS-^-Chestnuts, ll@12c; Walnuts, No. 1
softshell, 9%c; No. 2, 8®8Vjc; No. 1 hardshell,
9c; No. 2, 7c; Almonds, 10 '/a 312c for puyer
thell; 9@10c for softshell and 0® 7c for hard
shell; Peanuts, 5®7c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts,
12@12%c; Filberts. 12@12>,ac; Pecans. ll@Uc;
Coccanuts, $3 00@5.
HONEY — Comb, llK.@13c for bright and 10©
12c for light amber; water, white extracted, l>'u/
Uc; light amber extracted, 4@3c; dark, 4c.
BEKSWAX— 27%@2i)c per lb.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — December
4000 ctls, 79 »/ie.
Second Session — No sales. , .
¦ Regular Morning Session — May — 2000 ctls,
92%c; 2000, 93c; 2000, 92%c. December— 14.000,
79%c; 6000. 79%c; 2000. .'.»Uc. "
Afternoon Session — No. sales. .
. OATS — The market stands without change.
Urays, si ..iuigl 40; . whites, >1 3Uft*i -*o; bur
prise, $1 40@l 45; black. *1 12>$©1 22ft for feed
and $1 22V4QI 32% for seed; red, $1 30(&i 42%
per ctl. .
CORN — There Is nothing new. Large Yel
low, $1 35<81 45; small round do, Si 3501 50
white, $1 35@1 40 per ctl.
RYE— 02%@97%c per ctl.
BUCKWHKAT— Quoted at $1 65 per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES
Informal Session — 9:15' o'clock — December —
4000 ctls, $1 (i9!«.
Second Session — No sales.
¦ Regular v Morning Session — December — 2000
ctls, *1 00%.
Afternoon Session — May — 2000 ctls, $113;
6000, $112%. December— 2000, *109Va; 6000,
$109%.
BARLEY — Is firm at previous prices.
Feed. U5@96',ic i O r No. 1' and i)z* / i<&J'-t%c for
off grades; brewing and shipping grades, 97^c
@$1; Chevalier. 95c@$l 20 per ctl..
CALL BOARD SALES.
.. WHEAT — Chicago was firmer at the opening
on better cables, and continued dry weather in
the Southwest, and there -was more disposition
to buy. Later on, however, there was some
realizing and short selling- on lack of outside
support and weakness in corn. The world's
shipments for the week were as follows, In
quarters: Russian, 138,000; Danublan, 53,000;
Argentina, • 142,000; Indian. 9000; Australian,
180,000. The American visible supply decreased
838,000 bushels, while the amount on passage
to the United Kingdom increased 1.040.1HK)
bushels.
Snow came out with a statement of crop con
ditions, which attracted general attention. He
says that the situation warrants grave appre
hension over the most important territory. The
crop is late and the growth is small. The root
development in Texas and Arkansas is hurt
tteyond recovery, and those States will not
have over half a crop. Oklahoma is badly
damaged. Kentucky and Tennessee show a
condition of £0 to 80 per cent. Ohio is seriously
hurt. Indiana and Illinois are below the nor
mal. Kansas will have a serious shortage of
moisture, and the condition of the crop is crit
ical. Nebraska Is. perfect, and the condition of
the Pacific Coast Is high.
This market was fractionally higher on the
Epot, and fractionally lower as to futures.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 10@l lift; milling,
$1 12>/,,@1 J5 per ctl.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Exchange and Bullion.
Silver declined V,c.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days '-— -¦ $4 86 '
Sterling . Cables, sight... .— ' 4 88^4
Sterling Cables — . 4 89 '/.j
New York Exchange, sight. — 10
New York Exchange,: telegraphic — Viu,
Silver, per ounce. ....-, . — - 64%
Mexican Dollars, nominal. ....... — 45 J.^
• Three cars of Oranges were offered at the
auction yesterday. and sold readily at the fol
lowing prices: Fancy. Navels, $2 05@2 65;
choice do. ?1 75@2 10; standard do, $1 10@l 80.
In the open market conditions were unchanged
and all grades of Navels sold' well at sustained
prices. Seedlings were scarce and what few
were offering sold readily. I Lemons were in
liberal supply' and the market was a little
weaker, although prices were unchanged. The
Panama steamer brought up 336 bxs of Mexi
can Limes. .
There is nothing new in the other fruits.
APPLES — $2@>2 25 per box for extra, $1 25@
1 75 for good to choice and 60c@$l for ordi
nary.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges, $1 50#
1 90 for. standards, $2@2 25 for choice and
$2 25@2 75 for fancy; Seedlings, $1 25@1 50;
Tangerines, in quarter boxes, 75c@$l and $1 50
@2 in half boxes; Lemons, 75c«g$l for common
and $1 25@1 50 for good - to choice and $1 75
02 50- for fancy;. Grape Fruit, $lff?2 50; Mexi
can Limes, $6@7; Bananas. $2@2 75 per bunch
for New Orleans and $2@2 50 for Hawaiian;
Pineapples, $3@4 per dozen.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
steady.. Good to choice wethers, $4 50@5 25;
fair to choice, mixed. $3 75<S>4 40: -Western
Blieep and yearlings. $4 6005 65: native lambs,
$4®6 50; Western lambs, $5 25@6 50.
..- .' -.X- ¦';_:" * ST. JOSEPH. ~'_,
ST. JOSEPH, Mo.f March 10.— CATTLE—
Receipts, 12,000. Steady. Natives. $4 75®
6 75; cows and heifers, $1 75@5 60; veals, $3<3>
o; stockers and feeders, $2 50@u 15: '
¦HOGS— Receipts, 6500. Five to 10 cents
lower. Light and light mixed, $5 75@6 20;
mixed and, heavy, $6 10@6 45; pig*, $3 50@5.
W SHEEP— Receipts. 3300. Steady. Western
lambs, $5 50@6-35; Western sheep, $3 65@5 50.
New York "Metal Market. ;
NEW YORK. March 10.— Brighter conditions
were noted in the tin market here and abroad.
There was a substantial - gain over the prices
last ' quoted here, while the gain at London
amounted to 15s, closing spot there at £115 15s
and futures at £112 5s The local quotation
was 26Vj@28^c for spot, with March quoted at
25%@26%c and April at 25y>@25?ic.
COPPER — Was steady here, with Lake un
changed at 12Vif?12^c- electrolytic and casting
quoted at 12%@12%c. . The London market for
copper was 12s 6d lower, closing with spot at
£64 2s 6d and futures at £54., • -
LEAD — Was steady but quiet at New York,
with 4%c quoted. London was Is 3d lower, at
£11 8s 2d. ¦
SPELTER— Was dull and unchanged at
$4 22%@4 27»4. London closed unchanged at
£17 15s.
• IRON — Was steady - but ' unchanged at New
York. Piglron warrants were nominal. No. 1
foundry. Northern. f$18@19; No. 1 foundry.
Southern, $1T 50@18; No. 1 foundry, soft, ?17 50
@18. ¦ • ¦
The English markets were a shade lower.
Glasgow 1 closed at<63s 3d and Mlddlesboro at
*vS 1 73U* - '- *• . . . '
Visible Grain Supply.
1 i; NEW. YORK, March 10. — The visible supply
of grain Saturday, March 8, as compiled by the
New York Produce Exchange, is as follows :
Wheat— 53,155,000 bushels; decrease, 908,000
bushels.
Corn — 10,108,000 bushels; decrease, 248,000
bushels. ¦ '• --
Oats — 4,014,000 bushels; decrease,; 232,000
bushels. ~
Rye — 2:121,000 bushels; decrease, 82,000 bush
els. I .
Barley— 1,885,000. bushels; decrease, 153,000
bushels.
' New York Cotton Market.
." NEW YORK, March 10. — The cotton market
opened easy, with prices oft 4 to 7 points, and
closed barely steady and net 5 to 7 points
lower. .
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, March 10.— Consols, 94%. Silver,
25 1-1 Gd. French rentes, lOlf 35c: cargoes on
passage, rather firmer; cargoes No.. 1 Standard
California, 39s l^d; cargoes Walla Walla, 29s
6d; English country markets, steady; Import
into U. K., wheat, 313,000 quarters; import into
U. K., flour, 112,000 quarters; wheat and flour
on passage to U. K., 4,150,000; wheat and flour
on passage to Continent, 1,160.000.
. LIVERPOOL, March 10. — WHEAT — Firm ;
wheat In Paris, firm; flour in Paris,, firm:
French country markets, firm; weather in Eng
land, damp.
-COTTON— Uplands, 4 25-32d.
Northern Business.
SEATTLE, Wash., March 10. — Clearings,
$661,047: balance*,. $107,508.
PORTLAND. March 10. — Clearings, $6S5.
640; balances, $101,243. v
TACOMA. March 10.— Clearings, $244,811;
balances, $69,313.
SPOKANE. March 10.— Clearings, $254,146;
balances. $66,7SS. ¦ %
Northern Wheat Market.
• OREGON.
PORTLAND. March 10.— WHEAT— Steady
but inactive; Walla Walla, 65',4<§66c; blua
stem, 67c. *
» WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, March 10.— WHEAT— Steady.
•Blue etem, 60c; club, 65c.
Business was quiet on the morning session
of the Bond Exchange, with no marked fluctu
ations. Spring Valley Water sold at $91 60®
91 75, and - Market-street Railroad at $99 259
00 GO.
There was little change in the afternoon,
beyond an advance in Contra Costa Water to
$77 60.
The oil stocks showed no variations worthy
of note.
Stocks ex-dividend yesterday were: Giant
Powder. 75c, or $15,000; California Wine, 60c.
or $26,023.
GTOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
MONDAY, March 10 — 2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup..H2'i — 4s qr c (new)139 l /41 ;ia: 5i
4s qr reg llliilll?i 3s qr coup... — 109^i
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W Co. 7GH103 Oc SS Co 5s. 101 102
Bay CPC Bs.lOO** — . Ombus C 6s. 131 —
Cal-st 5s 116% — Pac G lm 4s. 95# —
C Costa 5s.. — 111 Pk&C H Bs.107 —
Ed L&P 6s. — — Pk&O R 63.117 120
Fer&C H 6s. 116 — Pwl-st R 6s. 117 —
Geary-st 5s. — — Sac EGIt 5s. 95H 98
H C&S 5&3. — — S F &SJV5S.123H124
Oo 5s — 100^4 Sierra CalGs. 105}4110
L Ang R 5s. 121 — S P of A 6s
L A L Co 6a. — — (1909) 112^4 —
Do gtd 6s. — — (1910) 114 —
Do gtd Os. — 106 }i S P of Cal 6s
L A & P 5s. 102 — (1905)Sr A. — 109%
Do lem 5S.101 103 (1905)Sr B. — 111
Mkt-st C tis.126 — (1906) — 112%
Do lem 5s. 119 Vi — (1912) 121 122^
N R of C 6s. 111^ — SP of Cal 1st
Do 5s 123% — c gntd 5s. 120 —
N Pac C os.lOStt — Do stmpd.111%112
N Cal R 5s.ll2Vi — SP Br CaUSs.139%141
Oak Gas 5s.. 115 — S V Wat 6s. Ill lll^a
Oak" Trn 6s. 122 — Do 4s 102% —
Do 1st c5s.lll% — Do4s 3d m.102% —
Oak W G 3s.lO2 ! 5s — Stkn Gas 6s. 101 —
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 77Vi 7S}i Port Costa.. 63£ 66
Marin Co... 57 — Spring Val.. 91*i 02
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. 2 5 Pac Light. . . 43 — •
Eqt G L Co. 3V4 4 Sac E G&RC 2o 31
Mutual 3 4*i S F G & E. 44 44tf
O G L & H.. 55 57 |3 F G L Co. 5% —
Pac G Imp. 37 Vi 40 |stktn G & E 8 —
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fnd.257 275. / I
BANKS.
Anglo-Cal .. 8S% — L P & A... 167J417O
California- ..422 — Mer Ex (llq) 18Ji —
Cal Safe Dp.lHViUS S F Nation!. 13i ft —
First Natnl. — —
SAVINGS BANKS.
German ...1975 — Sav & Loan. — 100
Humboldt ... — — Security Sav.305 350
Mutual sav.. 77 82 Vi Union Trust. — 2200
S F Sav U./515 —
STREET RAILROADS.
California ...172',-i — Market 99',i 99%
Geary — 60 Presidio — 50
POWDER.
Giant 70 79"-i Vlgortt — 4
SUGAR. .
Hana ' .. 3% 3% Kilauea .... 9^4 —
Ha"aii"an ... 37»/i 40 Makaweli ... 25 26
Honokaa ... 12 12 & Onp" 1 ,?* r* ~?,
irutchlnson . 13M 14 Paauhau .... 12 13
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack.l63%164',i Pac A F A. 2% —
-al Fruit As. 97',* fi« Pac C Borx.165 —
Cal Wine As'. UDVilOO Par Paint .. IS —
Oceanic S Co 37 —
Morning Session.
Board —
10 Contra Costa. ji J* on
10 Giant Powder Con •> <9 -•>
SO Hutchlnson S P Co... 1- 50
20 Market-st Railway 09 25
20 Market-st Railway V9 Jt\ 3
100 Market-st Railway 99 50
$1000 Oakland Water 5s 102 50
* 3 Oceanic S S Co 37 00
37 Spring Valley Water 91 50
23 Spring Valley Water 91 b2ft
10 Spring Valley Water 91 <5
Afternoon Session.
Board —
23 Contra Costa Water 77 50
15 Equitable Gas 3 50
10 Kilauea S P Co 0 50
$5000 Northern Ry of Cal 5s.. 123 50
S2C00 N P C R R 5s 108 50
50 Oceanic S S Co % 37 00
20 Oceanic S S Co. b 30 37 25
112 Spring Valley Water 92 00
Street —
10 Market-st Railway 90 50
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
300 Home 3 85
C> Home 3 7.1
GOO Home. b90 3 90
700 Monarch of Arizona ." 20
100 Oil City Petroleum 20
7000 Petroleum Center 07
1 San Joaquln Oil & Dev 7 00
500 Sovereign is
100 Sterling 1 15
500 Sterling. U 90 1 20
Afternoon Session.
Board —
50 Home 3 $5
fMlO Independence OS
500 Independence >. . .' 09
200 Occidental of W Va. b 10........ 21
10O0 Reed- Crude « 0
1CC0 Reed Crude . ;{7
.SOO Sovereign ; ic
100 Sterling j J|
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday -
Morning Session.
200 Best & Belch 2.1 . 100 Mexican •>«
100 Caledonia ... 321 1C0 Ophir 1 no
200 Caledonia ... 38 j 700 Ophir 00
200 Caledonia ... 39 1000 Potosi ?,,
200 Challenge ... l!» 100 Sierra Nevada 14
• 500 Chollar OS 200 Silver Hill £«
40O Con C & Va.l 30 rtoo Union Con *R
200 Crown Point. 04 200 Yellow Jacket 17
300 Justice .. 11 ~Z , '
Afternoon Session
500 Belcher ..... 0C 500 Justice in
200 Best & Belch 25 200 Mexican* Vi
500 Bullion «t 300 Ophir 1 on
400 Caledonia 40 ICO Ophir "" oa
300 Caledonia ... 42 500 Overma'ii " ' " " * 1^
'%:&'£*£*?£ f.
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Exchange Board yesterday:
NEW YORK. March 10. — The evaporated
apple market shows come firmness and a fair
business, with the demand,, however, for the
lower grades. Prices remain about the same.
State, good to common, quoted at 7@Mic;
prime, 9@9VLc; choice, 9Vi@10c; fancy lOii^Hc.
In California fruits the market continued to
show activity on the principal . articles and . a
generally firm tone. Jobbers are paying full
prices for prunes and apricots, the former
showing an advancing tendency. Peaches are
steady, with a fair demand.
Prunes — 3%@7c. ,
Apricots — Royal, 10@14c; Moorpark, 11@
12%c.
Peaches — Peeled, 14@18c; unpeeled, 8@10c.
DRIED FRUITS
NEW YORK. March £ 10. — FLOUR — Re
ceipts, 10,140 barrels. Quiet but firmly held at
full prices. Winter patents, $3 95@4 30; win
ter straights. $3 80@3 95; Minnesota patents,
$3 85@4 10; winter extras, $3 20@3 30; Minne
sota bakers', $2 95@3 30; winter low- grades,
$3@3 10.
WHEAT — Receipts, 27,750 bushels; exports,
87,830 bushels. Spot, weak; No. 2 red," 87V4C
f. o. b. afloat; No. 2 red, 87c elevator; No. 1
northern Duluth, 85?«c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1
hard Manitoba. 92%c f. o. b. afloat. Although
a shade steadier at first because of higher ca
bles, wheat soon turned weak, . losing a • cent
per bushel during the day because of rain pre
dictions In the Southwest, large world's' ship
ments, unloading and less export demand than
expected. Closed weak at %@%c decline.
March closed at 82%c: May, 82Tfe@S3 13-16c,
closed 82%c; July, 83^@S4c, closed S3%c;
September, 82U§83^c, closed 82 1 ,ic.
HOPS— Quiet. , ' .
WOOL — Quiet.
HIDES— Steady.
COFFEE — Spot, Rio, dull; No. 7 invoice,
6%c. Mild, quiet; Cordova, 83>12c. Futures
closed quiet, with prices net unchanged. T'-tal
sales were 9000 bags, including: July, ti.ooc;
August. 5.65c; September, 5.70@5.75c; October,
5.80c; December, 5.95c.
SUGAR — Raw, unsettled. Fair refining,
2%c; centrifugal, 96 test, 3%c. Molasses sugar,
2%c. Refined, dull.
Emetine C. Thomson to Arthur B. Freder
icks lot on NE corner of Van Nesa avenue and
Broadway. E 86:8 by N 137:6; $10.
Augusta and Kenneth Melrose to Grace C.
Davis (wife of Morris W.), lot on W line of
Octavla street. 75 U ot Vallejo. S 25 by W
112:8; ?10.
Mary P. and J. C. Stubbs to Isabella Lewis
(wife of Sol), lot on S line of Pacific avenue,
90 E of Pierce street, E 47:6 by S 127:3%: $10.
Warren P. and Clara V. Spencer to Charlea
Ehn, lot on S line of Jackson street, 175 E of
Baker, B 25 by S 127:8%; $11).
L. H. and Lizzie fcily to Silvio and Frank
Rocca, lot on W lino o£ Broderick. street. 27:tt
S of Greenwich, S 35:6 by W 78; $10.
Hannah Rendell (single) to Emellne C.
Thomson (single), lot on E line of Lyon street,
100 N of Bush. N 3T:tt by E 100; |10.
Mechanics' Institute (a corporation) to Anur
ican Steel and Wire Company of New Jersey,
lot on NE corner of Sixteenth and Folsom
streets, E 312, NE 53.85, NE 51.66. NE 4O.b».
NE 75.83 NE 7U.24, NE 83.61. to Harrison. M
223:9. W 550, S 520; $10.
John Center to Jean and Rosine Allac, lot on
N line of Twentieth street, 95 E of Folsom, E
25 by N 05; $10.
John and Christine Scharff to Richard and
Willy Schnutenhaus, lot on SE corner of Nine
teenth and Folsom streets, S 25 by E 100; $1".
Enos I. and Wilhelmina S. Flieger to Emma
A. Dlnter iwife of Joseph E-). lot on SW corner
of Twenty-first and Hampshire streets. W Z3
by S 97:6; $10.
Clayton B Wilson to Daisy M. Tunnicliffe,
lot on E line of Bartlett street. lS5:9i<> 8 of
Twenty-third, S 50 by E 123; $10.
Charles and Anna Stepp to Julius A. and
Bertha J. Eichorn, lot on W line of Chatta
nooga street, 78 3 of Twenty-second. , E 125 by
S 2tt; $10. - <
John J and Eleanor McMahon to Susan
Brady (wife of James W.), lot on E line of
Diamond street. 173 N of Nineteenth, N U5
by E 125: $10.
William C. and Huldah Hildebrandt and Max
and Bertha Poaner to Francis Korbel. lot on
N line of Jackson street. 85 E of Front. E 29.
N 12O W 114. 8 60. E 85. S 60: $10.
James Mulcahy to Bridget Mulcahy. lot on
E line of Larkin street, 112:6 N of Eddy. E
87-6 N 25, E 80, N 25, W 137:9, S 50; also
lot on S lino of Ellis street, 90 S of Pierce. S
100 by E 90; also lot on W line of Capp street.
SO N of Twenty-second. W 122:6 by N 33:1:
also W portion of lot 86, being 55:6 on 3 line
of Serpentine avenue and 42:9 la rear and
165:6 on E side and 160 on W side, being por
tion Precita. Valley lot 86: gift.
Josiah R Howell to Rasmus Johnson, lot on
E line of Texas street. 177:3 N of Twenty-third,
N 27:3 by E 100; $10.
Estate of Carolina Scherrer (by Gustav
Scherrer and Gustav H. Beisel. executors) to
Donzel Stoney, lot on W line of Pennsylvania
avenue. 150 N of Martposa street. N 150. V.
100. N 100. W 1:8, SW to point. S 3:6. E 200;
$6 Emma N. Hurley (Beisel) (wife of Daniel F.)
to same, undivided one-sixth of same; $10.
J C. Rued to same, same; $10.
Agnes E. O'Brien to Margaret O'Brien, lot on
SW corner of Ninth avenue and K street. W
326 by S 100: also lot on W !ine of Ninth ave
nue 125 S of K street. S BO by W 120; $10.
John H. Galllvan to Margaret E. Gallivan.
lot on W line of Tenth avenue, 125 9 of M
street, S 25 by W 120: also lot on E line of
Eleventh avenue. 125 S of M street, S 50 by
E 120; also lot on E line of Thirteenth avenue.
125 N of N street. N 25 by E 120: also lot on
SW corner of Tenth avenue and N street, W
C2:6 by S 100; $10.
William M. Hoag to William H. Kessler, lota
45 to 48, block 20. City Land Association; $10.
Abbie H. Goff (Randolph) to Willis Lamb, lot
on SW line of Twenty-sixth avenue, 225 SE of
I street, SE 75 by SW 100, block 492, Bay View
Homestead; $100.
Mary T. Carson (single) to George E. Ran
dolph, lot on N line of Hill street. 310 W of
Capitol. W 25 by N 123, block X. Railroad
Homestead; sift.
Estate of James G. Fair (by J. S. Angus. T.
G. Crothers and W. S. Goodfellow, executors)
to John F. Harris, lot on E line of Bennington
street. 100 S of Courtland. S 25 by E 100, lot £l,
block 9, Fair's subdivision to Holly Park; $175
C. D. Jessup to Joseph B. Coryell. lot on SE
corner of Railroad and San Bruno 'avenues. E
416. SW 195, NW 339, N 94. containing IV*
acres, portion of Rancho Rincon de las Salinas
y Potrero Vlejo; $10.
Ernest C. and Josephine Read to. Edwin
Read, lot on SW corner of Holloway and Ply
mouth avenues, W 25 by S 100, lot 34, block S,
Lake view; $10.
Ella J. von Hergert (Yates) to Mathilda Ger
hardt and Juliette Mergenthaler, lot In Laurel
Hill Cemetery: $100. "*«".
Daniel J. Mahoney and Dennis and Helen
McCarthy, lot on 8W corner of Corbett road
and Hattle street, W 25.54. S 68, SB 25.18, N
76:11%; $750.
Maria C. and Alexander S. Gardiner and
Robert S. and Margaretha Chatham to Joseph
B. Coryell. undivided two-thirds of following •
Lot on W line of Gould street, 100 N of Sa
linas avenue, N 150 by W 100. block 3, Garden
Tract Homestead Association: also lot on E line
i C ( v SUrr> , * tre « t ' 175 N ot Salinas. N 50
by E 1C0. block 3. same; $10. • ' K
_ Odd Fellows' Cemetery Association to Thomas j
B. Holt, lot in said cemetery; $133. *.^4
Builders' Contracts.
C. P. Pizochero (owner) with P. A Antonelll
(contractor), architect J. A. Porporato--All
work except finish hardware, mantels shades
and gaa fixtures for a three-story attic frami
building (three flats) on N line of Clay street
137:6 W of Powell. W 28 by N <«•«- IfooO
John H Gray (owner) with Frank Boerner
(contractor), architect Hermann Barth Ali
work except mantels, gas fixtures and shades
for a' two-story and basement frame cottage
on E line of Twelfth avenue. 75 N of Clement
street, N 25 by E 120; $2755
Carrie Green (owner) with A. S. Ruch (con
tractor), architect Edgar A. Mathews— All
work for a two-story frame building (two flat*)
on N line of Page street. 163:7% W of Cen
tral avenue. N 137:6 by W 33: $10 605
Mn. Mary L. Jackson' (owner) with George
Eber (contractor), architect D. F Oliver All
work except plumbing, gas fitting, sewer paint
ing, finishing hardware and gas fixture's for a
two-story frame building (six flats) on S line
of Ivv avenue. 80 W of Octavla street W 73 •
S SO? E 50. S 8. E 23. N 58. to beginning";
Mrs. A. Domenlconi (owner) with Louis Cer
eghino (contractor), architect H. Hess^ — All
work except mantels, gas fixtures and shades
for a two-story and basement frame building
on E line of Taylor street, between Fllbett an.l
Greenwich, known as 2008 and 2010 lot 40 by
C8:3; $7457.
Katharine E. Walsh and Marie J. Cagan
(owners) with Ira W. Coburn (contractor),
architects Meyer & O'Brien— All work for a
two-story frame building (two flats) on N lln*
of Union street. 24.41 E of Franklin E 23 by
N 117.028, JW. A. 07: $483O.
The mortality from cancer amon? sail- v
ors is very high— 44.5 per 100,000, while that
of mlnera is only 12.2.
SEAL ESTATE TEANSACTIONS.
¦ The feeling in Eggs yesterday was mixed.
Wholesalers generally quoted 14c a« the be3t
price for ranch, and heavy retailers adver
tised to sell their finest ranch at 15c. This
they could afford to do, as they bought down
town at 13@14c, but even this margin of profit
is very small, if Indeed there is any margin.
The clear dry weather enabled the . commis
sion merchants to place considerable lines' in
store, and thus relieve the market of some
of its surplus. The Jobbers and fruit men,
who receive small lots of Eggs from the coun
try, quoted rather more steadiness to the mar
ket,' but for "the great bulk of the day's busi
ness 14c was about the top quotation. The
general impression, however, is that the bot
tom has been'reached.
• Receipts were 47,000 pounds 8 tubs of Butter,
1238 cases of Eggs, 2300 pounds of California
Cheese, 100 pounds of Oregon Cheese and
pounds of Eastern Cheese.
- BUTTER — Creamery, 2tf(g27c per pound for
fancy, 25c for firsts and 22 1 / i<g24c for seconds;
dairy, ?0®24c ;. store Butter, 17@19c per lb.
CHEESE-^New, 10%@llc; old, 10%@llc;
Young America, 10@llc; Eastern, 13@15c per
pound.
EGGS — Ranch, 14c, and in a small way 15c
for selected large and 12%@13%c for good to
choice; store. 12@12%c per dozen.
Cheese is In a peculiar condition, as already
mentioned. Old is bringing as much if not
more than new, and Young Americas are at the
moment not worth any more than the other
descriptions, as the demand for them Is small.
Conditions seem completely reversed in this
product.
Prices for Butter remained about as before,
but the feeling was weak as receipts were free
and the demand halting.
Butter y Cheese and Eggs.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, March 10. — To-day's state
ment of the Treasury shows : Available cash
balance. $180,542,557; gold. $92,543,603.
OREGON. *
Flour, qr sks .. 80«>
WASHINGTON.,
Flour, qr sks.. 4.722 |Flaxseed sks .. 451
Potatoes, sks .. 1.613 J Corn Meal, bag* 530
Flour, qr sks.. 29,041 1 Middlings, ska.. Sot
Wheat, ctls 88.5R2 Shorts, sks 26ft
Barley, ctls ... ll/i.'aBroomcorn. bdls 96
Oats, ctls .... 100 1 Tallow, ctls ... 205
Bonns. sks 4. 050 ! Leather, rolls... 70
VQtatnes. sks .. 3,2",5 Quicksilver, flks 19
Corn. ctl>! .... R»5 Sugar, ctls .... 5,070
Onions, sks .... W Chicory, bbls.... 45
Hay, tons 672 j Wine, gals .... 71.200
Straw, tons .... 1".' Pelts, bdls .... 24'J
Wool, oks .... 23S : Hides, No 22!)
Bran, sks 791 Lime, bbls .... 361
FOR MONDAY, MARCH 10.
Receipts of Produce.
Morning Session.
200 Belcher w 10O Con C & V.I 27%
JUO Best & Eelch 2:: 500 Crown Point.. 0>i
-00 Caledonia ... ,13 20o Hale & Nor 2'.>
2«X 5, a !" lonia ••• s " 200 Mexican 2J»
*£? Caledonia ... 38 I 700 Ophir 1 Oo
t?^ Calerlonia ••• 3J) I 500 Overman .... 11
«£2 £? ledonia ... 40 500 Seg Belcher.. 04
600 Challenge Con 2t 500 Seg Belcher.. C3
400 Challenge Con 22 200 Sierra Nevada It
200 Challense Con 20 200 Union Con... 23
Afternoon Session.
SOO Best & Belch 2.M000 Mexican SO
600 Caledonia ... 4H\ 300 Ophir 1 00
200 Caledonia ... 40 200 Overman .... 12
230 Caledonia ... 43 i 700 Seg Belcher.. 04
i SO. Caledonia ... 42 1200 Sierra Nevada 14
1 200 Caledonia ... 44 300 Sierra Nevada 1:1
400 Challenge Con 2i 500 Sliver Hill . . 56
10O Con C & V.I 27% 1 500 Union Con .. 23
300 Con C & Va.l 3n|
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY. March 10—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Alpha — 0:> Justice 10 It
iAlta 04 06 Kentuck 01 02
lAndes 04 05 Lady Wash .. — ni
Belcher 00 07 Mexican 29 31
Best & Belch 22 24 Occidental . .. OH 10
Bullion 02 0'! Ophir 99 1 urt
Caledonia ... 46 47 Overman .... 11 12
Challenge Con 23 21 Potoai 1» It
Chollar 00 10 Savage 07 C.»
Confidence ... 6« 71 Scorpicm — O-l
Con C & Vi.l 25 1 30 Seg Belcher.. — 0*
Con Imperial. — 01 Sierra Nevada 14 15
Con N York. 01 02 Silver Hill... 85 M
Crown Point. 05 07 St Louis .... — 1"
Eureka Con.. IS — Syndicate ... — on
Exchequer ... — 02 Union Con ..28 27
Gould & Cur. 10 12 Utah 06 07
Hale & Norcs 20 SI Yellow Jacket IS 20
Julia — 04
American stocks did not really open till New
Tork came slightly harder.
Gold to the amount of £219,000 arrived from
Holland on Saturday and £25,000 additional
to-day. v
The stock market was idle and dull through
out the session. The capture of a Boer maga
eine of arms and ammunition was counteracted
by the disquieting news about the health of
Cecil Rhodes and hints that trouble is brewing
between Russia and Japan. Kaffirs were very
flat after the .close of business in the street on
the- announcement In the House of Commons
that the Boers had captured General Methuen,
400 men and four guns. Consols dropped %
to 94% on^the Exchange, but the capture of
Methuen at that time was only rumored. .
NEW YORK, March 10.— The .Commercial
Advertiser's London financial cablegram says:
London Market.
GAME— Hare, $1@1 50; Rabbits. $1 50 for
Cottontails and $1 for Brush; Gray Geese, $3@
3 50; White Geese, fl@l 25: Brant, $1 50@2
per dozen: Honkers. S:;«4 R0; English Snipe,
$3@3 50: Jack Snipe, $1 50®2.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 13@14c for Gob
blers and 15@lt)c for Hens; Geese, per pair.
$1 50i31 75; Goslings. $2 25&2 50; Ducks, *o@U
for old and $U C0@7 50 for young; Hens, $4 50
@5 50; young Roosters, $6 50@7 '50; old Roos
ters. $4 2o@4 30; Fryers. $i> 5UJt(i: Broilers.
$5<&5 50 for large and $3@4 for small: Pigeons,
?1 50 per dozen for old and $2 50@2 79 for
Squabs.
Game was in more liberal receipt, but con
tinued to bring good prices. Sixty-three sacks
came In. ¦ .
One car of Eastern Live Poultry was placed
on* the market yesterday and one car is an
nounced for to-day's market. Receipts of Cali
fornia 'were small and all descriptions remained
as previously quoted.
v Poultry and Game.
' Dried Fruit in New York.
Mail advices from New York say: "At the
moment the epot market for the more impor
tant articles continues steady and presents
«*vwal strong: features. There is reported a.
somewhat firmer feeling in prunes, with 40
60' f showing 6ome speculative Interest. Sev
eral lots are said to have been picked up on
the epot at a shade under 6%c in 25-lb boxes.
Coast advices report holders firm on the 3%C
four-fire basis for new Santa Claras In bags
end 3c for old Santa Claras. Spot position in
eises under 40-50's in new fruit shows rather
more interest, but the views of holders are no
higher. In old fruit the feellns: Is reported
somewhat eaey on the small sizes, due to large
arrivals and quality of some of the fruit. In j
apricots the market continues to show firm
ness and a good Jobbing outlet is noted. Strict
ly choice royals are very firm, but some offer
ings of dark fruit are available at less than
quotations. Peaches are active and the views
of holders are maintained within the quoted
nnge. In currants a cable from Greece to-day
quotes the market at the equivalent of 5%c
laid down here on fine Amalias in barrels.
This chows an advance of %c In the primary
market over cable advices of the previous day.
The epot market Is showing easiness, with 5%e
to 5 We quoted on fine Amalla grade in bar
rels. A moderate Jobbing interest only is
noted for both uneleaned and cleaned. In rat
sins the demand for seeded is fair, and in some
quarters the views of sellers show firmness.
Reeded In 16-ounc« cartons can. however, still
be had at S^c for choice and 8%c for fancy.
Loose raisins are firm, with 3-crown grade
held at 7c. Valencia layers are steady and
firm at 7 14c. In dates the market. is showing
firmness at the advanoe on Khadrawee. Figs
are moving out in a fair jobbing way and are
held at about quotations. In nuts Braxlls
enow a. further decline, with offerings available
Et S*ic. Reports of purchases at 8c are
heard. A moderate trade is noted in Marbot
walnuts at the lower range. Naples show
firmness, with ll%c quoted. Shelled almonds
are- steady and show a little firmness for
epot."
Weather Report.
<"120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, March 10— S p. tn.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with thoee of same date
last season, and rainfall in last twenty-four
hours :
Lost This Last
Stations — 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.00 31.14 39.22
Red Bluff 0.00 27.78 22.17
Racramer.to 0.00 16.15 17.04
San Francisco 0.00 16.52 18.69
Fresno 0.00 5.S3 9.94 !
Independence 0.00 4.04 6.76
San Luis Oblspo 0.00 19.85 27.04
Los Angeles O.O2 9.37 13.63
San Diego Trace 4.64 8.08
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
59; minimum, 47; mean, 53.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures were reported from Eastern stations:
Boston 40-34 1 Kansas City 72-44
Cincinnati 50-38 Omaha 64-54
Philadelphia 4S-oS Chicago 44-42
•Washington 62-32 Duluth 38-30
Jacksonville 76-5$ St. Louis 78-50
New York 46-40 Salt Lake City... 44-32
' THE COAST RECORD.
a i IE K « 2 3
3 3533 si !„ ¦5"
STATIONS. 2 5|3g *| C.Z £•
: I I :" : ?
; t» it • ' .
Astoria 30.24 48 40 W Rain 1.26
Beker 30.16 36 30 NW Cloudy .01
Carson 30.22 42 22 NW Cloudy .00
Eureka. 30.36 52 40 N Clear .00
Fresno 30.16 60 40 NW Clear .00
Flagstaff ....29.86 34 26 W Cloudy .59
Pocatello, Ida.30.04 42 30 6W Cloudy .00
Independence 30.02 54 32 NW Clear .00
Los Angeles.. 30. 02 70 40 NW Pt Cldy .02
Phoenix 29.88 62 44 NW Pt Cldy .01
Portland 30.22 50 40 SW Cloudy .17
Red Bluff 30.18 64 42 N Clear .00
Roseburg 30.34 52 40 SE Cloudy T.
Sacramento ..30.16 62 48 NW Clear .00
Salt Lake 32
San Francisco.30.20 68 44 W Clear .00
S. L. Obispo..30.16 62 42 W Clear .00
San Diego 30.06 60 48 W Clear T.
Seattle 30.12 54 44 SW Cloudy .01
Spokane 29.96 52 34 SW Cloudy .08
Neah Bay 30.12 50 38 SW Cloudy 1.88
Walla Walla. .30.10 52 40 S Cloudy .02
Winnemucca .30.20 44 22 W Cloudy T.
Yutfta 29.90 70 44 NW Clear .00
Temperature at 7 a. m., 44 degrees.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has risen steadily over the
greater portion of the coast and fair weather
prevails over all of California.
The temperature has risen from 2 to 8 de
crees over the northern portion of the State.
At Los Angeles there has been a rise of 16
degrees in the last twenty-four hours.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight March 11:
Northern California — Fair Tuesday: light
northerly winds.
Southern California— Fair Tuesday; light
northwest winds.
Nevada — Fair Tuesday: fresh westerly winds.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Tuesday;
light northwest winds.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
Southern etocks and large buying of Mexican
Central and Mexican National securities.
In the bond market the feature was the buy-
Ing of Mexican Central firsts Income and
Standard Rope and Twine 6s. Otherwise the
market was quiet and irregular. Total sales,
$3,855,000. A
United States bonds were unchanged on the
last call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
- Sales. Hteh. Low. Close.
Atchison 7.100 75V* 74% 74%
Atchison Pfd .... 1.900 96% 96 96
Bait & Ohio 5,200 105% 104 103%
Bait & Ohio pfd 94
Canadian Pacific . 2,300 113% 112% 112%
Canada Southern . 100 87% 87% 87
Cheeap & Ohio 400 46 45U 45
Chi & Alton 200 36 35% 35%
Chi & Alton pfd... 300 75 75 . 74%
Chi Ind & Louis.. 500 68% 63% 63Vi
Chi I & Louis pfd. 200 79% 79% 79
Chi & E Illinois... 800 160% 158 168%
Chi & Great W... 2,400 24% 23% 23%
Chi & G W A pfd. 200 88 S8 87%
Chi & G W B pfd 44%
Chi & X W 3,000 231% 227 227
Chi R I & P 9,300 169% 167% 167V4
Chi Term & Tran. 1,200 18% 18 17%
Chi Term & T pfd. 2.300 34% 33% 3Hi
C C C & St Louis. 1,000 101 100 90%
Colo Southern .... 4,400 28 26 27
Colo South 1st pfd. 4.600 70% 70 70
Colo South 2d pfd.. 15.200 44% 42% 43
Dela & Hudson ... 1,300 172 170% 170%
Dela Lack & TV... 1OO 278% 278Vi 27814
Denver * Bio G ' 48
Denver & R G pfd. 600 91 91 90%
Erie ... .... 1 15,100 37% 36% 36%
Erie 1st pfd 200 67% 67% 67%
Erie 2d pfd 500 54% 54% 54%
Great North pfd... 200 184 183 183
Hocking Valley ... 300 6» 67% 67%
Hocking Val pfd . . 400 83% 83 83
Illinois Central ... 2,200 140% 139% 139
Iowa Central 7,000 61% 49% 49%
Iowa Central pfd.. 4,500 85% 82% 83%
Lake Erie & W... 100 67 . .67 67
Lake E & W pfd. 100 132 132 130
Louis & Nashville. 1.800 104 103% 103%
Manhattan L 13,100 131 128% 128%
Metropolitan 6t R. 900 16S 167% 167
Mexican Central .'. 28,900 30% 28% 28%
Mexican National . 34.500 20% 19% 19%
Minn & St Louis .. 1,200 112% 111 1 .* im%
Missouri Pacific .. 4,500 99 98 98
M K & Texas ... 400 24% 24% 24U
M K & T pfd .... 53%
N J Central iss'
N Y Central 3,100 162% 162 101 » 4
Norfolk & West... 200 57% 56% «6%
Norfolk & W pfd »o%
Ontario & West... 3,000 33 52% 32V*
Pennsylvania 49,000 152% 150% 150%
Reading 24,000 54% 52% 32'«
Reading let pfd... 2,900 80% 79% 79%
Reading 2d pfd .. 11,500 66% 64%* 64%
St Louis & S F ... 600 60% 60% 60%
StL&S Fist pfd .... 83
St L <fc S F 2d pfd. 1,400 72 71% 71%
St Louis S W..... 100 25 25 24%
St Louis S W pfd. 900 56%. 56 56
|jPf u l---- 40.700 165U 1 162% 162%
St Paul pfd 200 191% 191% 190
Southern Pacific .. 15.900 64% 63% 63%
Southern Ry 2.500 32% 32% 32%
Southern Ry pfd.. 900 95% 95 95
Texas & Pacific... 2,100 40% 39% 39
Tol St L & West. 700 22% 22% 22
Tol«it L & Wpfd. 800 40% 40 33%
Union Pacific 11,400 99S 98% 98%
Union Pacific pfd.. 400 87% 86% 86%
Wabash .. 1,400 23% 23# 23%
Wabash pfd 800 42% 41% fiu
Wheel & Lake E.. 300 W% 19* 10*
W&LE2dpfd.; 200 30% 30% 30
Wisconsin Central. 2,400 21% 20% 21%
WIs Central pfd... 700 43 42% 42%
Express Comiianles —
Adams 202
American j .... """" «30
United States 100.112% 112% 112
W « sr ,f rB0 ..195
Miscellaneous —
Amalgmat Copper. 22,900 69% 68 68
AnvCar & Fndry.. 2,500 31% 30% 31
Am Car & F pfd.. 300 89% 88% 88%
Am Linseed Oil 200 22 22 21
Am Linseed Oil pfd 82
Am .Smelt & Ref.. 1,500 46% 46% 48>A
Am Smelt & R pfd 1.000 99% 98% 98%
Anaconda Mln Co.. 300 33 32% 32%
Brooklyn Ran Trn. 2,000 64 63% 63%
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 8,000 96 92% 92%
Consolidated Gas.. 3,800 221% 218% 219
Cont Tobacco pfd.. 400 117% 1H.% 116%
General Electric... 600 300% 298 298'
Glucose Sugar 100 44% 44% 43
Hocking Coal . . ". ' is
Internatnl Paper.. 400 20% 19% 19%
Intern Paoer pfd.. 300 76% 74% 76
InUrnainl Power 88
Laclede Gas 90
National Biscuit 4714
National Lead 500 17Vi 17 lft%
North American... 3,700 98% 95% »5Vi
Pacific Court 500 74 74 74
Pacific Mail 6,400 49% 48 48
People's Ga» 500 99% 99% 99%
Pressed Steel Car.. 900 40% 39% 39%
Pressed S Car pfd. 400 83% 83 83%
Pullman Pal Car.. 100 234 234 230
Republic Steel 11,900 18% 17% 17V.
Republic Steel pfd. 3,100 73% 72% 72%
Sugar 7.500 127 126 12ti
Tenn Coal & Iron. 5,200 «>% 67% 67%
Union Bag & P Co. 400 10 15% 15*2
Union B&P Co pfd. 200 79% 79 79 '
U S Leather / 1,300 11% 11% 11K
U S Leather pfd... 1,100 82% 81% S1%
U S Rubber 100 IB 16 15%
U S Rubber pfd... 200 li0% 56% • 56
U S Pteel 18.600 42% 42Vi 42«
U S Steel pfd 19,500 94% 94% ,94%
Western Union 1,100 »0% no% 90%
Am Locomotive 5.300 32% 31% 31%
Am Locomotv pfd. 1,500 92% 92% 92%
Total sale? 600.100 share*.
NEW YORK BONDS.
I U S ref 2s reg....lO9 Hock Val 4%s...lO8%
.Do 2s coup 109% L & N Uni 4s 101%
Do 3s reg 109% Mex Cent 4s 8:!
Do 3s coup 109% Do 1st inc 33%
Do new 4s re*.. 139V; Minn & St L 4s..lO3U
Do new 4s coup.l39<& M K & T 4s.. 99%
Do old 4s reg.. .111% Do 2ds 82
Do old 4s coup.. 112% N Y Cent lsts 103%
Do 5s reg 106% Do gen 3%s 108
Do 5s coup 10C% N J Cent gen 5s.. 137%
Atchison gen 4s.. 105 Northern Pac 4s.. 1054;,
Do adj 4s 94 Do 3s 74%
Bait & Ohio 4s. ..104% N & W con 4s.. .103%
Do 3%s 96% Reading Gen 4s.. 99U
Do conv 4s 106 S L & I M con 6s.ll8
Canada Sou 2ds..lO8 S L & S F 4s 99%
Cent of Ga 5s 110% S L & SW lsts... 98%
Do 1st inc 78 Do 2ds 79%
Ches & Ohio 4%s.l07?4 S A & A Pass 4s. 91%
Chic & Alt 3%s.. 84 Southern Pac 4s.. 95
C B & Q new 4s.. 95% Southern Ry 5s... 121
C M&S P gen 4s..ll4%|Tex & Pac lsts.. 120%
C & N con 7s.... 137% Tol St L & W 4s. 85
C R I & P 4b 111% I Union Pac 4s 106
CCC&St L gen 4s. 104 | Do conv 4s 105T*
Chic Ter 4s 88 Wabash lsts 119V4
Colo & Sou 4s 94% Do 2ds 111%
D &. R G 4s 103 Do deb B 72%
Erie prior lien 4s. 99»>4 West Shore 4s... 112%
Do Gen 4s . 87% Wh & L E 4s... 91%
F W & D C lsts.. 113 WIs Cent 4s 89%
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con..... ... 30 Little Chief 12
Alice 45 Ontario 7 75
Breece &0 Ophir ' »5
Brunswick Con .... 06 Phoenix OS
Comstock Tunnel .. 05 Potoel 15
Con Cal. <5t Va 1 30| Savage : 05
Dead wood Terra. . . 50' Sierra Nevada 10
Horn Silver 1 40 Small Hopes 40
Iron Silver 76 Standard 3 30
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — • - Do pfd r.4 > ;
Call loans 3%@» Westngh Com ... 01
Time loans 4@4% • Mining —
Bonds Adventure U2K
Atchlsop 4» 102 AJlouez 4%
Gas lsts 85 Amalgamated .... 67%
Mex Cent 4s 81 Baltic 47%
N BO & Coke... 69 Blngham 25&
Railroads — . Calumet & Hecla.OtO
Atchison . ! 74% Centennial ....... 2-1%
Do pfd 95% Copper Range .... 72'
Boston & Albany. 263 • ! Dom Coal .10(1
Boston & Maine.. 195\ Franklin 13%
Boston Elevated.. 167 ilsle Ruyale ...... 20%
N Y N H & H. . .214% Mohawk . . : ?,qu,
Fitchburg pfd 147% Old Dominion ... 21
Union Pacific 98% Osceola Q'K'r
Mex Cent ¦ 2S% Parrot 31
Miscellaneous — Qulncy 135
Am Sugar ... 126% Santa Fe Copper. 3%
Do pfd ...117 Tamarack .......210
Am Tel & Tel... 163% Trimountain 105
Dom Iron & Steel. 43% Trinity 16
Gen Etectric 297 United States J8W
Man Electric ... 36 Utah ........ J: .. 23
Do pfd... 96% Victoria ./ 6%
N E G A Coke... 5 Winona ..." 1%
United Fruit 91% Wolverine ....... 55
U S Steel *'!'¦/,} -
NEW YORK. March 10.— Money on call,
firmer, at 2%@3% per cent; closing bid and
asked, 2%@3 per cent. Prime mercantile pa
per, 4@4% per cent. Sterling exchange, easier,
with actual business in bankers' bills at $4 87%
for demand and at $4 85@4 85% for sixty days.
Posted rates, $4 86 and $4 88%. Commercial
bills, $4 84%@4 85%. Bar silver. 54%c. Mexi
can dollars. 43%c. .
Government bonds, steady; State bonds,
weak; railroad bonds, irregular.
Silver Certificates — 10,000 ounces sold at
54%c. . . •
New York Money Market.
Local stocks and bonds dull. ¦¦
Silver and Exchange about the same.
Wheat unsettled, with, poor prospects for the Eastern crop.
Barley, Oats and Rye firm. Corn dull.
Hay and Feedstuff s as previously quoted. '
Beans continue to come in freely.
'Butter and Cheese about the same. Eggs unsettled.
Dried Fruits unchanged.
Provisions continue inactive.
No change in the Meat market.
Oranges steady and in fair ,dewnd. Lemons weak.
Poultrv in light receipt and unchanged.
Potatoes and Onions about as before. Vegetables easy.
Con for money.. 94 3-16 N T Central ."..'.166*6
Con for account... 94% Norfolk & W .... 58%
Anaconda 6% Do pfd •¦ 92
Atchison 76% Ontario & West. 33%
Do pfd 98% Pennsylvania 77%
Bait & Ohio 107% Reading ... . 27%
Canadian Pacific. 115% Do 1st prd 41%,
Ches & Ohio •. . . . 46% Do 2d pfd 34
Chicago G W .. 24% Southern Ry 33
C M &. St Paul. 168 Do pfd I 97%
Denver & R G ... 44% Southern Pacific. . 65%
Do pfd 94 Union. Pacific ...101%
Erie 37% Do- pfd .; 89%
Do 1st pfd ;... 69>4 US. Steel 44
Do 2d pfd 56% "Do pfd 97 ¦
Illinois Central ..143 Wabash 24}l
Louis & Nash ...106U Do pfd 43%
M K & Texas ... 24% Spanish 4s .' lt>%
Do pfd .....56%
Bar silver uncertain at 25 ll-16d per ounce.
Money, 2%@3'per cent. The rate of discount
In the open market for short bills Is 2% per
cent. The rate of discount' in the open market
for three months' bills is 2,9-16 per cent.
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS
OIL — California Castor Oil. in cases. No. 1.
70c; pure. $1 20: Linseed Oil. In barrels, boiled.
76c; raw. 74c; cases. 5c more; Lucol. »>0c -tcr
boiled and 64c for raw. In barrels; Lard OH.
extra winter fctralned. barrels. 85c; cases 9uc:
China Nut 57%@6Sc per gallon; pure Neats
foot, in barrels. 70c; cases. 75c; Sperm, pure.
66c; Whale Oil. natural white. 40@50c per gal
lon; Fish Oil, barrels. 42%c; cases, 47%c:
Cocoanut Oil, barrels. 63%c for Ceylon and
68%c for Australian. . . . „
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil. in bulk.
13%c; Pearl Oil. in case*. 20c; Astral, 20c;
Star. 20c; Extra Star. 24c; Elaine. 25c; Eocene.
22c: deodorized stove Gasoline, In bulk. 15c; in
cases. 21 %c; Benzine, in bulk, 14c; incases.
20%c; SB-degree Gasoline, in bulk, 20c; in
cases.- 26% c .
TURPENTINE — 67c per gallon in cases and
61c in drums and iron . barrels.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per pound, in lOO-lo
bags: Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed,
4.50c: Powdered, 4.35c: Candy Granulated,
4135c; Dry Granulated Fine. 4.25c: Dry Granu
lated Coarse. 4.25c: Fruit Granulated. 4.25c:
Beet Granulated (100-lb bags only), none;
Confectioners* A. 4.23c; Magnolia A. 3.85c:
Extra C. 3.75c: Golden C. 3.65c: "D."
'3.55c; barrels. 10c more; half-barrels. 25c more;
boxes, 50c more; 50-lb bags, 10c more, for all
kinds Domlnos— Half-barrels. 4.75c; boxes
5c per lb. No Order taken for less than 75
barrels, or its equivalent.
BAGS— Grain Bags. June and July. 6c; San
Quentln. 5.55c: Wool Bags. 32@35c: Fleece
Twine, 7%@Sc.
COAL— Wellington. 59 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington. $9; Seattle. $6 50: Bryant. $6 60:
Roslyn, $7; Coos Bay. $5 50; Wallsend. $8 50;
Co-operative Wallsend. $S 50; Cumberland. $12
in bulk and $13 25 In sacks: Pennsylvania An
thracite Egg7 : Welsh Anthracite, |14;
Cannel. $11 per ton; Coke. $15 per ton In bulk
8nd 817 in sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions.
$8 45 per 2000 lbs and $S 50 per ton. according
to brand.
General Merchandise.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
VEGETABLES — Asparagus, extra fancy, 25
@30c per lb; 17%@22VjC.for No. 1 and 10@15c
for No. 2; Rhubarb, 7®10c; Green Peas, from
Los Angeles, 6@8c; Bay Peas, 8@10c: String
Beans, from Los Angeles. 12%<t£15c, in- !
eluding Wax: Cabbage. 40c per ctl; Los 1
Angeles Tomatoes. 75@$1 25 per box and.$l@)
1 50 per crate; Mexican' Tomatoes, 75c@$l 23 j
per box for repacked; Dried Peppers, 12%@15c I
per lb; Los Angeles do, 16@17%c; Dried Okra, I
12%(S20c per lb; Carrots. 35rguOc per sack;
Hothouse Cucumbers, fl@l 50 per dozen; Gar
lic, 1%@2%c: Los Angeles Green. Peppers, 15
<520c; Mexican do, ]0©15c: Egg Plant from
Los Angeles, 25@30c; Summer Squash, from Los
Angeles, fl(al oO; Marrowfat bquash. $10 per I
ton: Hubbard Squash, $10; Mushrooms, 50c(g> !
$1 50 iier box. . . ' - . ¦ ,'¦ ¦ . j
¦ ONIONS — Oregoris, $1 75s@2 15, first hands; I
Australian, $3@3 25; Green Onions, 5O@65c perl
box. ¦ ¦¦ • - ..,-.¦-.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
¦ Oregon Burbanks are well cleaned out of
first hands and a steamer Is due to-day with
about 8000 sacks.* Early Rose Potatoes were
quoted lower, as 1518 sacks were received from
Victoria and there were no /sales reported
above $1 75 per ctl. Four cars of Sweet Pota
toes came In from Merced and sold well at an
'advance. . .-.-..
Choice offerings of Onions sell readily and
prices remain as previously quoted. One -car
came in from Oregon.
i Tomatoes are weak and 1370 boxes have come
to hand from Mexico within the past two days.
These sell In preference to the Los Angeles ar
ticle, owing to the poor condition of the latter.
Receipts of Asparagus were 35 boxes and prices
had a wider 'range, as considerable . poor stock
was received. About 50 boxes of Rhubarb came
In and sold at unchanged prices. Receipts of
Los Angeles .Vegetables were light and prices
showed little variation.
! POTATOES — ?1 10@l SO for Burbanks from
the river; Oregon Burbanks, $1 35@1 70; Ore
gon -Garnet Chiles. $1 35@1 50: River Reds,
$150(3160; Early Rose, for seed, $175; small
Burbanks. for seed, $1 35@1 50; Sweets, $1 50®
1 HO. for Merceds. t
CATTLE— Steers. 8%®9c; Cow. and Helferi.
?b r (iro« weight).
SHEEpI^VeihersT 4%®5c; Ewes. 3%©4o p«
1b (cross weight). # _ -»_,» ,. 'J
LAMBS—Suckling Lambs. $2 60©2 75 per
head, or 5%©Cc p«r lb livewolght; yearlings.
* % H®OGS^Live- Hogs. 200 lbs and under 6®
6 We: 200 lbs and over. 69£@5!4c: feeders. 5%r;
sols. 20 per cent off; boars. 30 per cen.t off.
and stags. 40 per cent off from the above quo
tations.
THE SAK FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY; MARCH 11, \ 1902.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL
New York Grain and Produce.
STOCK MARKET.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Chicago Grain Market.
Recejpts of Beans were larger again yester
day, but the market was quoted steddy, with
some changes. Blackeye are higher,' being in
close hands. .
BEANS — Bayos, $2 4002 60; Small White
$2 9003 15; Large White, $2 65«f2 00; Pea $3 50
@4; Pink, . $2<?2 20; Red, $2 25@2 50; Black
eye. $3 00@4; Llmas, $4 40(94 65; Red Kidneys
f.I 60@4 per ctl. \ ,. -- ..
SEEDS-^-TrleBte Mustard, $2 65@2 75; Yellow
Mustard, $3 2&/g>3 60; Flax, $2 25@2 50;rCanary
3%c for Eastern; Alfalfa from Utah, 10W@n c '
California. 10@10%c; Rape, 1%32&c; ; Hemp!
3%e Der lb. •. ¦ '
DRIED PEAS— Nominal. 'A
Beans and Seeds
8
AUCTION SALES*
fe .&5; fe fe
SALE
TO CLOSE AX ESTATE.
25 head of trotters aad pacers: as good as rrer
offered at public auction, and must b« sold
without reserve at the Mascot Stable. 1106 and
1108 Golden Gate ave. Pedigrees and descrip-
tion given day of sale, FRIDAY, March 14th.
at 10 a. m.
fe ISO 15O ISO fe
ARRIVED!
Third Consignment of D. MILLER HORSES.
Weight from 1150 to 1500.
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE,
721 HOWARD ST.
£* . jv>, fSv
JUST ARRIVED, carload of the FINEST
WORK, CARRIAGE and DRIVING HORSE9
ever brought to this market, weights from
1150 to 1300. all sound and broken. SANTA
CLARA MILK CO.. 721-723 Howard street.-BAN JOSE3, ' March 10— The • UUroy Gaslight
and Fuel Company filed, articles of Incorpora
tion with the County Clerk here to-day, ' "
ROME. March 11.— Disturbances are ] re
ported"- among the peasants at ¦ Verselli.
In; Piedmont, -and in" 1 * the province* of
Medena. . ¦¦- v
More Disturbances in Italy. y.
The Winter Circus 'at Wo'odward's Pa
vilion still continues to attract a large at
tendance. -A new programme was intro
duced last night, -which will be continued
throughout the week. , \- .,-v- '
Winter Circus,
The revival of . the ¦ old standard drama,
"Oliver Twist," at .the Central Theater
last evening \ brought s out ;}" a' large first
night audience,- A better performance has
seldom been seen at the popular playhouse
and the many strong situations were lib
erally applauded. ., '"> . • . ¦ \ -K '
1 Annette Marshall as Nancy Slkea was a
decided success and her portrayal of that
¦great character stamps her as an actress
of no little ability.; r .: ¦¦ -, -•.-/ :¦;-• :.J..\ :
Another' hit was George "Webster's Fa
gin.' James Corrlgan'e; impersonation of
the brutal Bill Bikes was a strong feature
of the play and is the best work 'he has
yet- done, .: | Georgie \ Cooper was an Ideal
Oliver : Twist ., and her/effort adds to her
many ' successes. .* ' , . . ]• ,¦'¦
: As the , artful dedger r Edwin - Emery
was clever, as was -'Ernest Howell as
Charley. Bates, Wlllard Blackmore made
Central.
j CHICAGO, March , 10.— Officials of rall-\
roads east of Chicago - are preparing to
wage an active campaign for -through
business to the Pacific Coast. In a com
paratively short period six Eastern lines
nave appointed cqast ngents with "Juris
diction over all territory between Chicago
and the Pacific : Coast. ' . ' .
Seeking Coast Business.
Katharine ; Fisk, tho : famous . contralto,
wlllglve her first song, recital in this city
&t Sherman-Clay Hall : this evening. The
advance sale Is very large and a crowded
houBe : is assured., Following is the pro
gramme: "¦' . ','¦. ; .* ;..'.' ..
"Lungl del . Caro < Ben»" . . .", Secchl
"Feldelnsamkeit" ..................... Brahma
v "Der Tod • und » da» Madchen^. Schubert
yWintemaeht" ! , .', , ,". ....,.,......-. Hollaender
"I^Esclave" ........................... ..Laid
VObstinatlon" .,..;....,...... .", . , .Fontenalllej
"Tho Bilver . Ring" ,.;...,.. . • ', . , , ; .Chamlnade
"Oh That We Two Were Maying"; .7
i , , . f, ,,,...... . .'. ......... .Ethelbert Nevin
"Thq Dandelion" .,,..'............. .Chadwlck
"The Plumber, Boat", .............. ...'.Gaynor
• 'The ! Japanese Love Song" ; , , , , v. ; . . , , Thomas
"The Gardener and the Rose'\.B.' A, . Brug-ulra,
Three arias from "Samson and Delilah".. ¦„¦:..
\ ,,,....... t . . ... ;¦ . . ....;., .¦.;, ;. Salnt-Saens
' (a) ''Fair Spring. Is Returning." .
. (b) "Oh, ; Love or Thy Power, "^ y^-Z
: ;(c) "Softly; Awakens. My Heart." (By
¦'¦¦;.. ': special request.),.- ; . : /
Fisk ' Concert.
The comedy, "A Coat of Many Colors,"
by Madeline Lucette Ryley, had its in
itial presentation in this 1 dtylit the Alca
zar Theater last night, before an appre
ciative audience. It did not go with the
snap that usually characterizes first night
productions at this popular theater, owing
to the apparent fact ' that some- of . the
players were not very familiar with. their
lines. The story concerns a young woman
lawyer, who comes to New York from
California, at the request of her father,
to consult with Herman Walboys, a law
yer, as to ferreting out the parentage of
a child now grown . to womanhood. It is
now desired ¦ to bring- the parents to
gether and right the child In the eyes of
the world. Walboye . falls . in love with
the young woman, and it ¦"* develops . that
she herself Is the illegitimate child.
Everything, however, ends happily by
the marriage of her parents and her en
gagement to Walboya. M. L. Alsop as
WalboyB, the lawyer, has a good,concep
tion of the part, but he stumbled over his
lines last night considerably, - Another
night or no will no doubt sea this reme
died, - Henry Shumer as Hamilton.'Wal
boys, who mixes things up by: marrying
the daughter of William McWhirter, the
enemy of the Walboys family, was ade
quate.' George Osbburne, the dandified
father of the Walbcys boys, as usual; was
equal to the occasion, Howard Scott as
McWhirter, an irascible old Scotchman,
?ave an artistic rendering of the part, al
hough his dialect was evidently made- In
America. Two characters. Spofford Rob
inson, "the British Lion, and \ Teddy
Whiffler, "the American Eagle, 1 ' repre-*
Alcazar.
: -.' The great' cycle '.whirl,-., the: most sensa
tional bicycle act. now, before .the public;
the favorite nionologlst. j Jack Symonds ;
Jessie Dale, phenomenal g^rl baritone:
Zoe Matthews, .coon ! shouter; Rose and
Jeannette, Juvenile dancers, and Wiricher
man's" trained -bears furnish 'the excellent
entertainment at the Chutes and Zoo this
week. There -are aquatic sports' on the
lake immediately after ' the performance.
Chutes.
"The White Slave" drew a full house
last night* at the California Theater. The
quaint old : play was very well received
and should be i seen by 'any one interested
in the drama of yesterday. It Is quaintly
fashioned, -quaintly acted, rand" the. set
tings, sentiment and , everything - con
cerned are redolent of a day gone by. The
drama itaelf still j has • power to attract
and there is some good darky singing
that adds greatly to the performance.
Frank N. Drew, J.; Hay Corsar, Ruth
Macauiey, Kate ' Campbell, Loduski
Young; and David Hartford are ¦ responsi
ble for the chief roles and take good care
of < their parts. [The -play should see a
good week's business.- ' : ,7
Next Sunday -evening one of the ' most
Important attractions of the season- will
begin, '• "Nathan Hale," with Howard
Kyle and a good first-class company.
California.
'The officers ; attempted to put two of
them en a car inypreference to arresting
them, but their companions mistook their
object. The officers: used their, clubs and
called ' for ! , assistance. S Officers- Kav
anaugh' and Nelson responded and - got
into the , thick of the melee. Other offi
cers came up from the Central station \and
the crowd was quickly dispersed. ./
¦Dennis Sabery" and H. T. Thompson,
who were apparently | the leaders in the
trouble, were arrested and charged at the
City; Prison with disturbing the peace.
Police Officer Gruenwald . and Special
Officer Sam Daggett had a. lively time
last night with a. crowd of drunken sol
diers at the junction of Kearny and Pa
cific streets and Montgomery avenue. A
large -number of soldiers were paid off
yesterday, and they proceeded to . enjoy
themselves along the Barbary Coast.
DRUNKEN SOLDIERS FIGHT
WITH POIilCE OFFICERS
- "The . French , Maid' ' began its third
week at Fischer's last night , with- a
crowded house. The songs,- dances and
other amusing features of this very suc
cessful play appear to have lost none of
their popularity, to jirage from the fre
quent and vigorous applause. v Harry
Hermsen, as the, waiter, and Pllar Morin,
as Suzette, seem to be the favorites. "The
French Maid" will be succeeded next
Monday night by "Little Christopher."
Fischer's.
Eligibles Named by Board.
The Board of Civil Service Commission
ers, as a result of the examination for as
sistant engineers held on December 11 and
12, !£C1, announced yesterday the follow
ing list of ellgibles:
Frederick C. Herrmann. 97.5; Harris de H.
Ccnnick, 90.25; Loren E. Hunt, 91.12; Fred A.
Temple, 89.C2: Arthur H. Sanborn, 80.87; John
\V. Parker. S1.87; Oliver N. Sanf ord. 77.5 ;
Samuel H. Smith, 76.62; John R. Price, 76.25;
Cliarlca H. Holcomb, 75.S7. , '
All but one of these, Loren W. Hunt, a
profeseor in the University of California,
is at present In the employ of the Board
of Public Works.
Kratz Was Held Up.
A. Kratz, a mattress maker, living at
1226 Howard street, reported to the police
yesterday, that while he was walking
along Market street, near Dolores, , Sun
day night about 9 o'clock, two j men ap
proached him. One caught him by the
neck and tho other searched his pockets,
but finding nothing of value struck him
on the face with his list arid ran away,
followed by the other. Kratz was unable
to give an accurate description of th<»
men. ,
Russia Will Withdraw,
LONDON, March JL-YIeldlng to
China's persistence,' cableB the ¦ Peking
correspondent of the Timen, Russia now
undertakes to withdraw from Manchuria
within eighteen months -of the signature
of the proposed convention, China, still
insists uj?on withdrawal within a year.
Augustus Thomas' play,' -"Arizona," be
gan its second week last night at the Co
lumbia under ' encouraging auspices, j The
success of the production is well deserved,
as the situations are Interesting and. the
characters -are in the hands of capable
people. Dustin Farnum, .; as . Lieutenant
Dentoni is easily the best of the men,
while Miss Grace Elllston acts with a
charm #11 her own in the part of Bonlta.
Harrison Armstrong as Canby, the ranch
owner, is well placed and does full justice
to ¦'. a strong part. The rest of the com
pany is all that can be desired and the
piece tells a very interesting tale. Next
week Blanche Walsh will be seen in two
fine productions, \VLa Madeleine," a-new
emotional. play by Harry Dam, and "Jan
ice Meredith."
Columbia.
There Is little use in commenting upon
the show presented at the Orpheum this
week. Every turn speaks for Itself. The
.Auers, who make pretty pictures out. of a
basket full of rags, are absolute novelties,
and are heartily encored upon the com
pletion of every effort. While Billy. Clif
ford does not sing any new songs tnis
week, he renders the old ones in such In
imitable style that he retains his old pop
ularity. The Nelsons are beyond descrip
tion. The family of, nine is doing an aero
batlc stunt this week that will be seldom,
if ever, eclipsed at the Orpheum. Eva
Mudge, the "American girl who captured
London," is also capturing this city with
her marvelously quick changes and nlco
voice. Les Troubadores Toulouslans are
four' vocalists whose voices blend -In a
charming manner. Paul Clnquevalll, the
juggler. Is the greatest wonder, that the
Orpheum has ever presented to its pa
trona. With seemingly no effort, this
light-fingered, quick-eyed man : performs
feats that appear almost impossible with
slippery billiard balls arid - unevenly bal
'anced cues. - He gives' an exhibition : of
balancing that is- simply marvelous. He
also juggles a forty-eight pound cannon
ball with the same ease that he would
handle a tennis ball. The, Dancing Daw
sons, the six BlackblrdB and the biograph
close a performance that ls y exceptionally
good. • ' ¦ / f '•
Orpheum.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., March 10.— A man ar
rested here last week on suspicion that he was
Bennett, the supposed murderer of Nora Ful
ler, a Ean Francisco girl, proved to be a well
known Kantian City man who bore a good
character, and he wag discharged. Captain
Seymour of San Francisco arrived here last
nfght on the strength of & message from Chief
Hayes and returned West to-day, declaring the
suspect? waa not the man wanted. Chief Hayes,
realizing eoon after the arrest that a mistake
had been made, failed to make the matter
public '¦'* ' \ .
Chief Wittman even went so far as to
deny that he had received word from
Captain Seymour since he made his sud
den departure from this city.
When seen last night Chief Wittman
said: j
"In the absence of a personal telegram
frcm Captain Seymour I am inclined to
disbelieve all the newspaper reports in
connection with his movements since he
left the city. It was understood that he,
should telegraph me, and as he has not
done so I will refrain from denying or
affirming any newspaper dispatches re
ceived from Kansas City or anywhere
else."
The dispatches received last night are
as follows:-
Everything in connection with the case
seems to indicate that Captain Seymour's
mission has been in vain. Chief Witt
man, however, was absolutely non-com
mittal last night an the subject of Sey
mour or what succes he met in the under
taking.
According to telegraphic dispatches re
ceived here last night. Chief of Detectives
Jchh Seymour Is now oh his way back
from Kaasas City, Mo. The much-want
ed murderer of Nora Fuller is not' with
hinr. and the police are just as far off as
they were on the night the body of the
girl was discovered in the house on Sut
ter street.
Dispatches Indicate That Captain
Seymour Is on the Wrong
Scent.
XANSAS CITY SUSPECT
NOT THE STBANGLER
HERE, is a good-natured audience
I down at the Grand Opera-house.
I Its gratitude for the occasional
ii, witticism in the new Broadhurst
farce that was exploited there
last night was simply touching. Perhaps
it felt, which was true, that some de
cently clever folk were doing their best
with some exasperatlngly bad material,
and sympathized accordingly. "The
House That Jack Built" is a farce on
the Hoy t order, with all the faults of the
species, and only an occasional gleam of
the fun that persuades to its acceptance.
It has not even the mock-plausible plot
of its kind, the very modest thread of
likelihood demanded by the farce-goer,
but offers a story In which fun and thfe
farce-probabilities are alike ignored.
There are- glimpses of the might-have
been In "The House That Jack Built,"
incidents 'almost funny, one genuinely
comic situation, two or three characters
with strong humorous possibilities about
them, just enough to Irritate with their
unfulflllment of promise. .'
The company on the whole does • very
well, indeed, with the material. Mar
garet Terry shines conspicuously as Mrs.
Dooley, an Irish lady with ambitions
toward the English aristocracy. She
brings a quick wit and Intelligence to her
worfc> and makes as much fun out of the
character as could possibly be made. Wil
liam Bernard, as an old man desirous pf
posing as a young one, does good- work,
and Herschel Mayall in a part that falls
as an English baronet, looks well and
carries off all of its scanty honors. George
Dber has a Bulger role In > William Slab,
but evidently finds no inspiration therein.
Lillian • Albertson, the pretty young
woman who is making such rapid strides
in her work lately, plays the daughter
of Dr. Jack, and does It well. All through
the company is better than the farce, and
it Is, a pity to see them wasting their
time on It. The piece is very well
mounted.
Next week Melbourne MacDowell, in a
Sardou repertoire, will begin an engage
ment. .
sented respectively by Harry Rattenbury
and -Royal Dana Tracy, should be
omitted from the play. Rattenbury' b idea
of an Englishman is grotesque in the ex
treme. Marlon Convere as Esther Gun
ning, the lady lawyer, was bright and
charming, and Oza Waldrop as Lola Mc-
Whirter Walboys had a part that suited
her admirably. Margaret Wycherley al
ways shines as a woman of the world,
and as Mrs. Majendie, the erring mother
in the case, she was up to her usual stan
dard. ' .
Ferris Hartman is tunefully mystified,
Arthur Cunningham Is barytohically be
wildered, Yvonne Lichter and Dolores
Graham are songfiilly puzzled for the rea
son of the peculiar success of "The Sere
nade." The first week drew big houses
and it was expected that the second would
in the usual order of things show a slight
falling yff, but strange to relate the sec
pnd week's attendance was. larger and
more enthusiastic, than the first. Then it
was decided to run "The" 1 ' Serenade" for
another seven days and the management
and the managed were delighted and sur
prised with the fact that; the- attendance
was better than ever before and the opera
eeemed to be more enjqyable./ There was
not a vacant -seat or.. a : vacant stare in
the 'house " last .night and the air was
warm with shouts and laughter and hand
clapping. "The Serenade" Is the most de
cided.hit of the season.
Tivoli.
a good Mr. Brownlow and George Nichols
as the gruff Justice created considerable
mirth. The rest of the cast helped to
•make the drama an interesting play.
Jimmy Britt, the popular lightweight
champion, will star next, week in "The
Bowery After Dark." The management
is enlarging the gallery.
WASHINGTON, March 10.— Minister
Wu said to-night that, he promptly in
formed his Government as soon as the
United States f turned over to him the
Tientsin silver tund, and the money was
placed at his disposal. "An acknowledg
ment waa received by telegraph. Not one
cent of the fund, Wu said, could be mis
appropriated, and If any portion of it
were to be used for any purpose what
ever this could be don© only by the sanc
tion of the Chinese Government. The Min
ister has not . heard offlciallly" of . the
presentation of the memorial for his re
moTal,. but he treats the. matter very
lightly. : -- .
PEKING, March 10. — A prominent Man
churian ' <?ensor has memorialized the
throne for the removal of Wu Ting
the Chinese Minister to the United States.
The censor asserts that "Wu Ting Fang
corruptly retained, ostensibly for repairs
to the Chinese legation in Washington,
580,000 of the Tientsin silver refunded by
the American Government.
CHARGES FREFEBBJEID
AGAINST MINISTER JWTJ
SINGER". WHO" APPEARS HERE:.
TO-NIGHT AND TWO POPULAR
MEMBERS OE PROFESSION.
SAN RAFAEL, March 10.— Trouble is j
in store for the promoters of the cocking ;
main that took place at San Quentin yes- j
terday. Sheriff Taylor and District At
torney Mclsaac are incensed over the af
fair and since yesterday the former has ;
been making a still hunt to learn who was ',
there. It \\&s_ said to-night that there
would be a wholesale issuance o,f war
rants for various men of prominence Sn
San Rafael, San Francisco and Oakland.
District Attorney llclsaac says that he
will use every endeavor to convict the
owners of the gamecocks and the spec
tators of the main.
Many of the prison guards in San Quen
tin are known to have attended the main
and will come in for a reprimand, while
certain Marin County officials will be ;
catechised as to their whereabouts yes- 1
terday afternoon. Warden Aguirre was
not aware of the contest being held near
his domain and even Captain Russell of
the prison guard was not cognizant of the
affair until it was ended. The main was
planned with great secrecy. The cocks
¦were shipped to San Quentin several days
ago and even though Under Sheriff Litch
cnberg was on the same train with the
crowd from San Francisco he was not
aware what was coming off, merely sup
posing that the prison was to have an
extra large number of visitors that day.
The Society for the Prevention of Cru-
Lflty to Animals has taken up the affair.
Dr. C E. Case, secretary of the society,
has been here all day looking up evidence.
He was emphatic in his determination to
have the affair sifted down and gained
much information as. to who were pres
ent ' ' .¦ - ¦
Kany Arrests of Those Present at
San Quentln Fight "Will Be
Made.
TSOTJBLE UST STOKE FOB,
COCKING MAIII PATKONS
The champion now weighs between 223
and 230 pounds, though he is not quite as
heavy as on Jii3 previous visit, when ho t
tipped the beam at 240 pounds. Jeffries
was not at all averse to discussing his
plans and his present health. Said the bis;
fellow: '
"I am feeling fine now, and" have been
ever since I had that bad cold in New
York."
Jeffries was asked how- he liked "the
prospect of meeting Fitzsimmona in Loa
Angeles before the Century Club, and the
big man's answer was just as every one
who knew him was sure it would be:
"Los Angeles is my home; I like it, and "I
would rather flght here than anywhere
else in the country. • What financial in
ducements they can offer here I can't say
yet, because I don't know for sure, but
as for going anywhere else in preference
to this town, that is all rot. -
Racing Men Will Be Absent.
"There will be plenty of clubs out after
the mill, but I just received a telegram
from San Francisco that has some bad
news in it for us. The telegram says that
the northern racing will close about the
third week in April, and I am sure that
Fitzsimmons will not get Into the rlns
before May 1. I don't suppose the north
ern clubs will want to offer as much, ~or
that the mill will draw nearly as much
as if it came off in the racing season.
That was'tny hope. I thought we coulfi
fix it up all right, because I supposed the
racing would last until May at any rate.
The Southern Athletic Club of Louisville
will be there with a good bit of a bid, and
it may get It. They teir me that the
clubs are flghthig in San Francisco, but
I guess they will patch up their row
somehow in time to get in some bids; I
suppose if they do that Harry Corbett
will be behind the offers."
Then Jeffries asked a question of Man
ager McCarey, who was standing near.
Said he:
"Mac, where would you have the mill
If it came here?" . . . .
"We were thinking . of the ball park,"
was the rejoinder.
"You could take care of any crowd that
was likely to show up there, I suppose?"
remarked Jeffries.
He was assured such was the fact.
"That's not such a bad scheme, either."
spoke up the big fellow, after he had
mused a minute, with eyes bent down
toward the floor. *
Talks About Fitzsimmons.
"I want to say something about Fitz
simmons," continued the champion. "He
is a good fighter, and If there's anybody
that doesn't 'think so I can put' him right
soon. I have spent mucft money to get
Fitz and have chased him all over the
country, because there are some people
who think he can beat me. If he can -I
want to know it. I don't underestimate
him a bit. I have fought him and I know
him. Fitz hits out like a mule and you
never know when he is going to cut loose
with a terrific wallop. He is a dangerous
man and a hard one to beat, but I think
I "can put him away."
Jeffries was asked what he had figured
on as the probable gate receipts of the
contest if pulled off in San" Francisco in
conjunction with the racing, and he said
he supposed they would be about $45,000.-
LOS ANGELES, March 10.— Big and
strong, and in the pink . of condition,
Champion James J. Jeffries rolled into
town this afternoon on the belated Owl
train, and was greeted at the station by
several of- his friends.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
It has been asserted that Sandona has
brought with him to San Francisco the
painting characteristics of Boldlni.
Very well, then, and though Sandona
denies it, let it be that he Is inspired with
the boldness and the dash and the pose
originality of the master. What of it if
Sandona,. like Boldinl, gives realism, life,
boul and -action to his portraits? Surely
it were well were it so; and since 'tis said
to be so, then 'tis well, indeed, if, as said,
'tis so •-••"•• : -
Sandona would have his brother knights
of the brush and palette know that an
honest portrait should come before the
fabric of a dress. Portrait first, and the
costume is of secondary consideration,
declares the prize pupil of the Royal
Academy of Verona. Speaking of his pic
tures which have caused the controversy,
he declares when alluding to the Jeffrey
canvas that the figure represents the
j lady's natural pose. It is individual, he
says, and it is his aim to get the individ
i uallty of his subject. The spirit of the
subject is the. most difficult to obtain, and
to get that spirit on canvas has been his
object. He is satisfied that he has been
successful.
However, the pictures are on the wall
and It will now be "up to" the public to
decide.
Says Pose Is Natural.
He arrived in this city about one year
ago from Verona, Italy, where he had
taken four prizes in as many years at the
Royal Academy. Sandona's specialty is
figure and portrait painting, and one of
his studies was "hung" • by the Hopkins
Art Institute iat,- its last exhibition of
water colors, which acceptance made him
eligible for membership. It was his por
trait painting that won him the coveted
prizes at Verona of which he is justly
proud.
A pupil of Bianchi and Nani, the young
painter has therefore had the advantage
of sage advice and rare instruction.
But Matteo Sandona has a talk also. He
is a very young man, a mild young man,
with a pastel disposition, a water color
foreground and a background made up of
the sttrner coloring, tor, though placid
to look upon, Sandona has strength of de
termination.
The feeling among the jurors has been
that Sandona could do better work, and
they were not satisfied with the likeness
of the painting to the ex-Mayor, nor could
they commend the drapery as painted by
Sandona in the Jeffrey picture, though
the likeness in the lady's case was ad
mitted to be excellent. The draperies are
the snag which entangled the -jury, and
it is said the directors, in the folds and
frills of dissension.
Could Not Commend Drapery.
A. F. Mathev» T s, one of the jurors, has,
however, evidently, receded from his de
termination expressed several days ago,
when he said: "If we (meaning the jury)
decide that pictures shall not be exhib
ited, we, stick to that decision and no one
will get them up."
It was the Sandona pictures he allud
ed to.
The paintings in Question are of well
known people of the city. The two which
were at first rejected were of Miss Doris
Jeffrey and ex-Mayor Phjelan, while the
three that were accepted were paintings
of Mrs. F. Holder, P. Rossi and J. W.
Byrne.
The jury feels that It has been coerced
into hanging the last mentioned canvases
and from'* tnat supposition has arisen /a
determination on the Jury's part to carry
a resolution condemning interference with
future verdicts.
Certain it is that the jury, after ac
cepting three out of five pictures sent by
Matteo Sandona, suddenly recalled the
rejected canvases and sullenly agreed to
have them "hunc."
The jury Intends to kick with Rugby
vigor against any interference with its
decisions in the future, which is a some
what strong insinuation that some one
in the official secrets has not approved
of the findings of the artist-Jurors.
The jury selected to pass upon th.e pic
tures for the art exhibition which will bo
opened on Thursday evening at the Hcjp
kins Art Institute has had troubles of
its own and little bickerings with others,
and the whole made into a. composite
growl is to be pitched into the. midst of
the directorate of the institute." .
To the 'Editor of The Call— Dear Sir: The
District Council of Carpenters and Joiners,
desirous of bsingr at all iiroes thoroughly and
clearly understood on all matters appertaining
to our craft and the general building business,
requests you to grant it space in order to place
the council right before the public.
Certain jre.ttlemen — carpenters by trade — are
now and have for some time past been engaged
In an endeavor to confuse the minds of the
contractors and mechanics alike engaged In the
buildlns business. In the press of yesterday
two Of these gentlemen, L.. I). Gordon and
J. Marcus Burke, president and secretary
respectively of Union No. 483, came out with
one of the old-time scurrilous and threadbare
arguments which emanate only from the maa
pursuing • a lost cause. In an endeavor to
answer the statements of fact published in the
preBS of Sunday they deal entirely in person
alities. So completely have they been cap
tured by prejudice, malice and hate that they
have entirely lost sight of the question at Issue
and contented themselves with abusing Brother
P. • H. McCarthy, member of Union 22, presi
dent of the Bulletins "Trades Council, and dele
gate f> the District Council.
Brother McCarthy is in all matters apper
taining to his office guided solely and alone by
the wish of the majority, and in this instance
of an overwhelming majority. ! II follows then
that anything those disturbing gentlemen may
have to say about P. H. McCarthy only teruLs
to redound to his credit, because the same ele
ment for the past nine or ten years have en
deavored to disrupt, destroy and upset every
thing that has been brought about with a view
to more solidly placing those engaged in the
building business in the position which right
fully belongs to them. ij'Z'-l
This council by unanimous vote on last Sat
urday nieht issued a statement, which state
ment was based upon facts, and anything
those gentlemen might say to the contrary will ,
have no effect on the carpenters or other trades
In the bulldlnsr business. .- This council reiter
ates Its position, namely, that the mechanics
working on the buildings or engaged in the
building industry will -carry the Building
Trades Council's card and be by that council
guided solely and alone, without any lnteMer*
ence from any outside central body not an in
tegral Dart of the building industry. -.' ¦
-.The article in yesterday's press says It is
not the wish of the carpenters of this district
to do «o. This District Council again brands
that as absolutely false and warns those gen
tlemen who are engaged ¦ in spreading \ these
falsehoods and trying to non-uniontze the car
penters of this district that the day of reckon
ing is not far off, and that unlees they cease
their endeavor to destroy the harmonious rela
tions now existing in the ' building • business
trouble to them- is sure to come; that the Dis
trict Council speaks the sentiments of the enor
mous majority of the carpenters in this dis
trict, and that no matter who comes or goes,
whether he be a delegate from the East or
from the West. from, the North or from/the
South, if he is not absolutely in favor of the
Building Trades Council conducting its busi
ness harmoniously, free and Independent of any
entangling alliances, he will not. be counte
nanced by this, the District Council of Sau
Francisco. And the best illustration of that
lies In the fact that the entire membership zt
the buildins trades, . with the exception of a:
few, forty or fifty at most, pretty much all
carpenters are now and have always been
strictly in favor of conducting the buildirsr
business on the same lines and through the
same channels as the Building Trades Council
has been conducting it under its constitution.
The assertion that P. H. McCarthy was elim
inated from the settlement of the baseball
grounds controversy is absolutely false . and
without foundation In fact, since those inter
ested signed the original agreement drawn up
by the ¦ board of arbitration agreed upon by
Brother P. H. McCarthy In behalf of_ the Build
ing Trades Council to the exclusion of. the La
bor Council's directors." who tried to steal the
work of the Building Trades Council as accom
plished' In: the -winning of the mlllnaen'a eight
hour day. !
One word to those gentlemen who would try
to make this a personal matter and this council
is through, at least until it hears from those
few disturbers again. Now as to what Brother
McCarthy has done. In January. 1881, Brother
P. H. McCarthy, in conjunction with Brother
P. '3. McGuire and five others, In the city of
St. Louis started the movement which "In the
city . of Chicago on August 12 of the same
year resulted In .flie bringing about of a con
vention, at which? convention the Brotherhood
of Carpenters and Joiners was Instituted. This
is what Brother P. H. McCarthy and fifty or
sixty others now located in this city and county
have done.- Messrs. Gordon and Burke to the
contrary notwithstanding. In 1892 Brother P. H.
McCarthy was elected president of Local Union
No. 22. At that time Union No. 22 had 150
members In good standing. Union 483 thirty
seven, and In the entire State of California not
¦ more than 300 members were enrolled under the
banner of our organization.
Through the energy, skill and tact displayed
by Brother McCarthy and the other members
who .assisted him the organization has. from
that, time to this, steadily gone up. Union 22
having over one 'thousand members and the
other unions not In contempt of the Building
Trades Council numerically strong In propor
tion, and San Francisco one of the best or
ganized cities In the United States.- conducting
Its business through the most buslnesa-Uke
channels of any city In the Union, endeavoring
at "all. times to • take care of the contractor,
owner and genera} public, as well as the jour
neyman. And through those same channels
Brother McCarthy and the thousands of other
men working with him have. In every depart
ment of the city government, where mechanics
are employed, gained for the organization the
placing of union men, and to their credit may
it be said- that in a great many instances have
these men competed for their positions by tak
ing examinations that are open, competitive,
public and free, and by their • superior ability
have proven themselves worthy of the trust and
confidence reposed In them by the city authori
ties. For all this Brother McCarthy, : and the
thousands of other union men In the bulldiitg
Industry who fought hard to bring those laws
about, is now only worthy of the scorn and
contempt of such gentlemen as Messrs. Gor
don^ Burke and others, none of whom have at
any time done one Jot or tittle to improve the
condition of their fellow men.
: Finally, Mr. Editor, this District Council is,
as we have eald before, the District Council of
, this district.- It is going to continue to be
such. It will run the business of this district
In harmony with the constitution pf the' Build
ing Trades Council, which Is designed to pro
mote the greatest* good to the greatest number
engaged in the building business, regardless of
what any one may Bay to the contrary, no
matter where he cornea. from, or who" he Is. ¦
, Adopted by unanimous vote of the • D. C. of
C. and J. H. A. BUTLER,
• President D. C. of C. and J.
H. J. SCHOBER, Secretary pro tem. of the
D. C. of C. and J. '
In connection with the strained rela
tjons existing between Union No. 483 of
the Carpenters and Joiners and P, H.
McCarthy of the Building Trades j Coun
cil the following communication has been
received by The Call from the District
Council of Carpenters and Joiners:
The war in, the boss camp should not
divert the attention of the anti-boss Re
publicans from the real issue of the cam
paign. The Idea is uppermost in the
minds of the people that the delegates to
the Republican State Convention should
not be tied hard and fast to any sort of
a programme. It is as clear as the light
of day that the Herrin-Crimmins pro
grairirr.e is in the interest of Gage's re
nomination. There are no indications that
Burns, Kelly and Ruef will put forward
the slightest resistance to such a scheme.
Moreover, ii is obvious that Gage lis plac
ing his chief reliance for renomination on
the support of delegations representing
San Francisco Assembly districts. The
bosses would be pleased to settle the con
test before the convention meets. The
people would rather have the battle
fought out on the floor of the convention.
Republican voters who want to score a
§arty triumph at the pells and keep the
tate in the Republican column strongly
favor the proposition of electing delegates
¦who will not take orders from any of the
bosses.
Delegates Should Be Free.
Under the operation of the primary
election law the County Committee may
not be able to render material seri-ice to
the bosses in the approaching campaign,
yet the Republicans of the district are not
inclined to submit without protest to such
representation on the committee as the
bosses may see fit to give them. The in
dependents are not going into the strug
gle with the belief that victory can be
easily won. They know that the machine
politicians are working day and night to
capture district delegations.
At the present time there is war in the
boss councils over the distribution of mu
nicipal spoils. Burns threatens to drive
Crimmins out of the Republican party,
and Herrin, on the quiet, extends sympa
thy and support to Crimmins. Martin
Kelly, the boldest, if not the shrewdest,
of the bosses is supporting Burns in the
latter/s efforts to punish Crimmins. A.
Ruef 1 s not conspicuous, but is lending
passive support to the Burns-Kelly end
of the fight. He is waiting to hear what
tune will be played on Mayor Schmitz's
Sddle. Independent Republicans are not
losing sight of the main fact that the
bosses now at war can easily come to
gether after the delegates to the' State
Convention have been chosen. v
War in Boss Councils.
- ¦
The Independent Republican Club of
the Forty-eeeond district, George R.
"Wells, president, will hold a meeting at
Saratoga Hall this evening. Republican,
citizens of this district entertain the be
lief that Andrew Louderback, 'who was
recently appointed county commltteeman
at large, is a machine politician, who will
look to the bosses for orders. He is not
regarded as a fit representative of the in
dependent Republican citizenship of the
Forty-sepond district. State Senator Jack
Tyrrell Is also rated as a machine politi
cian who is always ready and willing to
carry out the boss programme. It is the
impression that Thomas D. Riordan, An
drew Louderback ana Jack Tyrrell are
planning to send a boss delegation from
this district to the Republican State Con
vention. The republican citizens of the
district desire that their representatives
shall go to -the convention iree and un
pledged.
Art Exhibition Is to Open
, Wide Its Doors on
Thursday.
Talks of His Condition and
Coming Combat With
Fitzsimmons.
Andrew Louderback Rated
as a Regular Machine
Politician.
; ' - ¦ . ¦
L.D. Gordon and J. M. Burke
Accused of Making .
False Claims.
Reject Pictures, Then De
cide They Should
B.Hung.
Champion Jeffries Ar
rives in Los Angeles
' From the East.
District Council 1 of Car
penters Reply to l
Union 483.
Attitude of Independ
ents in Forty-Second
District.
Audience at Grand Sympathizes With Clever Company.
"A Coat of Many Golors- Vat Alcaza^
ARTIST JURORS
FIND TROUBLES
SftYS LOUISVILLE
MAY GET FIGHT
STAND BY ACTS
OF P.H. M'CARTHY
READY TO OPEN
WAR ON BOSSES
BROADHURST'S LATEST EFFORT
DOES NOT ADD TO HIS FAME
THE SAX FRANCISCO . CALL, TUESDAY, - MARCH 11, 1902.
9
* .ADVERTISEMENTS.
£} IV are most * re -
%,^1P^^ quently to^ e
4 HB H 1l*> *% seen n P on the
VVH V f aC e, neck, or
breast, though
they are liable to appear upon other parts
of the body. When they begin to spread
and eat into the flesh, sharp, piercing
pains are felt as the underlying tissue is
destroyed and the tender nerves exposed.
Cancerous sores develop from very trifling
causes; a carbuncle or boil, swollen gland,
a little watery blister oil the tongue or
lip, a wart, mole or bruise of some kind
becomes an , indolent, festering sore,
which in time degenerates into cancer;
" Ton years ag-o I - .^gg^y
had a soro on my left . jk% "^^teik
temple, which th* i^4 iJfii
doctors pronotme«d Mi%S&st ii *. yr)
a ¦ cancerous ulcer 5 Rg^g^^^y Xn
it would itch, burn BxS@Si^i2& vSy
and bleed, then scab Vfe, r :"* '{% ,^t/'
over, but would
never heal. Aftor W§lK«^f^%-
takingr S.S.S.awhila , S@l^^^»s«a, ' :
tho »or9 begun to ef^^^^K^^.
discharge, and "W" 11611 '^^^^^!^.^)^^
all • the . poisonous S|^S^2?Ss^ \
matter had passed 1 -
out it sot well. I^^^M^IS 1
took in, all about ¦^rnng. «>¦»¦¦
thirty bottles, continuing: it for,«om»
time after tho soro had healed, to bo
sure all the poison was out of ray sys-
tem. Havo seen no sign of the cancer
in ten years. JOSEPHUS REID,
Gant, Audrian Co., Ho.
S>jg|S ifis&i is strictly a vegetable
possessing purifying
fet?*y byjffi anc * dealing 1 properties
l^^r thatno other medicine
does, contains nothing that could derange
the system. While cleansing the blood
it also builds up the general health.
If you have a suspicious sore, or other .
blood trouble, send tor our free book on
Blood and Skin Diseases, and write to us
for any information or advice wanted;
we make no charge for this service.
THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO., ATUMTA, CA. '
/^^s, DR. MEYERS & CO,
L%g <-aaJ-\ Established l&iL Coa-
j' 'lu % '* r r - 1 iultation and private boo*
I Vi Arf, tn9 at otSca or by m**i»
\ '" PffMEroB / '' inures euarantaed.
X^SJpy/ 731 MARKET SI.
AJJVEBTISEMENTS.
Postmaster
Palmer
of So. Glen Falls, N. Y., des-
cribes a condition which thous-
' ands of. men
L. D. Patmer. <>?* for rC P I J r '
and get a per-
sonal corroboration of what is
here given. He says regarding
Dr. Miles*
Heart Cure:
"I suffered agonizing pain in the left
breast and between ray shoulders from
heart trouble. My heart would palpi-
tate, flutter, then skip beats, until I
could no longer lie ia bed- Night after .
night I walked the floor, for to De down :
weald have meant sudden death. My
condition seemed almost hopeless when
I bepan taking Dr. Miles' Heart Cure,
but it helped me from the first Later
I took Dr. Miles' Nervine with the
Heart Cure and the effect was aston-
ishing. 1 earnestly implore similar suf-
ferers to (jive these remedies a trjal"
Sold by all Druggists
on guarantee.
Dr. Miles Medical Co., E!khe»t, Ind.THE SAN FRAJSTGISCp /CALL; TUESDAY, MAECH 11, 1902.
10
CARPET \ BEATING f AJf D .; CLEAKIIVO.
WHEN you. become disgusted , with, poor, work
>¦ send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer ¦ Carpet-beat-
ing Works, 353-357 Tehama st; tel., South 40.
AMERICAN Carpet-beating Works— Cleaning:,
¦ renovated, rclajd. 104 14th. st.;,, tel. Capp 2542.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. '402 Sutter st;
- tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison at.;, tel. Mission .263.
CONKLIN'S • Superior . Carpet-cleaning' Works.
S33 Golden Gate ave.;, telephone East 126." '
J. E.- MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vatlng Co.. 240 14th St.; tel. Mission 74.
•". ". ' collection' offices;; ;;.
COLUMBIAN Law and Collection Agency, j8th
floor, 016 Market st; advice free. \.- TeL Bush
' 194; able body of attorneys.- . » v •;. .'.:,'...,',.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S' Agency— No charge
unless successful. Room 310. 927 Market St.
DENTISTS. ; v - -;:
A— DR. tTsThiGGINS. 927 Market r Bt, Emma
Epreckels bldg. — Painless dentistry'at reason-
able prices; pure .gold fillings.. $1 50; other
.fillings, ?1; gold and porcelain crowns; $5
up; plates, a full set of teeth that look nat-
ural and guaranteed, $5 up. ' > ..
Painless extraction.. ¦ . . , ¦¦ . •- •
I do flrst-class work only and guarantee it-
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, ; bridges
and flllinss: extractions'.- or fillings -by my
wonderful -secret, .paiDless method; 20 years',
experience; no students; advice free; 'prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE- W. LEEK. 20 1 0' Farrell st.
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Market, j cor.,
4th, r. 7. Flood bldg. ; extractions done', pain-
lessly; teeth without plates our specialty vgold
crowns $3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50-
up; office hours, 9 a. m. to 9 p. m. ; Sundays,
9 to 2. J. W. THATCHER. D.D.S., Manager.
EASY Dental Parlors. 6 Turlrst. cor. Mason —
Expert painless extractors; skilled operators;
gas given ; lady " attendant ' s R. v C. ; ANDER-
SON, D. D.S. fl proprietor and manager. '
A NEW plate— The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 years; crowns. $3 50; fillings, BOc;
- plates $5, full set; all work painless and war-
v ranted. Chicago Dental • Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
,SEE my new pink- ivory plates;' see my. new
unbreakable bridge; both warranted lifetime;
crowns, $2; fillings. 25c. Dr. Brown.; S4 Sixth.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush—
Full set of teeth. $4fcrowns, $3; fillings, 50c.
MEYER. 48 O' Farrell, late of 6 Turk st.;:
crown and bridge work; gas specialist. ¦¦
DR. E: P. SHEPARD, ¦ 14 Geary st; expert
workmanship only; reasonable ; hours 10 to .4.
SET- of- teeth without plate. "DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1S41, Polk st. .'. . .'¦ ¦¦„- ¦¦¦',' ¦
DR.R.L:waLSH, 815% Geary.nr. Larkin— Pain-
less ext.. BOc; plates $5 up; phone. Polk 1135.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The "Weekly
Call, 16 pages, -sent to ¦ any : address •' in the
United States or ¦ Canada one I year for $1;
postage paid. r : ' -. .'-,.-¦ - ¦-
DRESSMAKERS ASP SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWBLL Dressmaking & Millinery School—i
¦Class rates; patterns cut. - 1019 Market st. ¦¦
FASHIONABLE dressmaking; fits guaranteed;
$8 up. 769 McAllister Bt. V ¦ <. '
DOG HOSPITALS. ».
DR. CREELY'S C P. dog soap by druggists
or at the Hospital.- 510 Golden Gate ave. ,
EDUCATIONAL.
H^ALD^S^SCIIOOL OF^ELECTRicAirENGi-
• NEERING — Theory, demonstration, construe-,
tlon, laboratory . and shop work; thoroughly
practical; day and night 24 Post st.,.S..F. ;
' catalogue free. ' ¦ , : • . ¦.-. ~.
AYRES'- Leading Business College, 723 Market
— $8 per month; $50 life scholarship guaran-
tees a complete bus. education; 'shorthand,
typing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, -penmanship,
spelling, Spanish, • etc. ; experienced teachers ;
. new typewriters; positions secured; cat. free.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES, 24 POST ST.,.
S. F. — Thorough courses: complete equipment;'
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering: day and night; catalogue free.
A — The LYCEUM, . an accredited preparatory-
school for the university, -law and. medical
colleges: references. President Jordan, or any.
Stanford professor. Phelan building.'
A — THE official reporters of Supreme Cburt ad-
vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHElt-
MARSH COLLEGE. Is this advice worth
following? Life scholarship $50; . catalogue.
WANTED — By a centleman from Paris and
graduate of Berlin University, lessons In
English In exchange' for those in French or
German by capable ' gentleman. 4143, Call."
AT the last test at S. F. Bus. College. Miss
Stevenson wrote 202 words a minute, new
law matter: read perfectly; Gregg shorthand
ls«the fastest. ' ...¦..,.
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallet School,
associated with theatrical agency securing po-
sitions. Alcazar building, 120 O'Farrell Bt '
ENGINEERING — Civil, eiec, mlnlng.mech.sur-
' vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve.; est 1864. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
ACCOUNTING— Most thorough course on coast;
beglnnfrs and college graduates perfected.
TARR. expert accountant, 219 Parrott bldg.
CALIFORNIA Business College; most thorough
modern methods; positions. for all graduates;
new 60-page catalogue free. • 305 Larkin. 6t
SPANISH.French.etc.Prof.De Fllippe'sAcademy
of Language8,320 Post;estab'd 1871 ;ablest profs.
, VIOLIN, guitar, • mandolin, banjo taught in
class. $1 month. . 1S36. Eddy; phone Pine 433.
MARY P. WESTHAUS, piano, mandolin, guitar
lessons. SOc; piano for practice. ."9 Fifth st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve.; ?5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
SHORTHAND taught by mail . or personally.
MISS M. G. BARRETT, 302 Montgomery st.
.VIOLIN, mandolin, grultar. Prof. MERKI, good
teacher. 1008 Mission; Instruments selected.
Chicago Business College, 1435 Market, nr.lOth;
Pitman shorthand, typing, bookkeep. ;" $6 mo.'
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Pine st.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St.. 8. F.;
founded 1SR3: new SO-page catalogue free. ,
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES. -
A — JAPANESE • reliable house-cleaning, . cooks
and waiters' furnished at short notice. Geo.
Klnoshita, 1233 Page. cor. Lyon; tel. Fell S501.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office —
Best help. 411% O'Farrell st ; tel. East 4CC.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 2O.yeais.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY^ CO.. C40 Clay.
Grand Japanese-Chinese Emp,Office, 415 Stock-
ton; tel.' Grant 168; expert, reliable, help. . :
JAPANESE and Chinese best help; cook and
waiter. 421 Post. GEO. AOKI; teL Bush 135.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of- ¦
1 flee; all kinds help.. 315 Stockton; Main 51S3.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office— Furnish • most
reliable .help.', 521 Bush St.; tel. 516.
ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell. nr.Sutter;tol. Black 5072:
EMPLOYMENT WASTED— FEMALE.
2 FIRST-CLASS cooks wish situations, '4 .and
5 years' • references; city. Call i at ' J. F.
CROSETT' S. 834 Sutter st. - ,.
FIRST-CLASS ¦ laundress ' -wishes, -situation;
, best of city references.' Apply ..to J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 334 Sutter st!\
.GERMAN girl wishes position in -bakery; city
references. Write or call 723 Eighteenth St.,
- corner Minnesota." - ¦.•".;'.,¦..'_:..
WORKING housekeeper "wants situation. ' Call
or address 31 Van Ness ave.; no.triflers. ,,
SWEDISH laundress wishes 'underwear to wash-
at home.' 1071 Howard st. : ... -¦ '• . >
WOMAN wants general' housework and cook-;
ing. Apply 2222 Post st.v,*; ;-.;...-- ,
GOOD laundress wants work by the day; 51 10
per day; no postals' answered.-,- 605 Minna st,
near Seventh.-^:'. ' ¦¦' J ... •.-"'¦_-; , l ,'' i .
SITUATION twanted;. general '.housework; is a
- good plain cook; wages $25; city or country.
1730 Pacific st, West Oakland. Cal.. . ?:*
POSITION ' as infant's nurse: no. objection to
country; beat of references;' first-class wages
; expected. .- Address Nurse, Call Branch.' 106
Kleventh st. " ; '' » " - ¦' ' . •
GERMAN woman wishes position as cook and
.housekeeper in email family; $20 month; best
references.' 102 • Jessie St.,- corner. ¦; Annie,
';near. Palace. Hotel. .:..-.. ',. . . . •
RESPECTABLE . young- jjlrl ¦ wishes- general.
¦ housework and cooking;, wages, $20.- • Call* 227
Hickory ave.,' near- Gough .st, upstairs,.-. , '
' ¦ ! '
NEAT German, girl, wants position, as ;plain
cook and for general housework; wages $20.
Address T... 1090 Valencia st ..,;.. - , ,
MIDDLE-AGED colored woman' wishes a -post- ¦
tlon to take care ' of a 'child . at ¦. home or 'at
• party's home through ' the "day. Address ; 124 1
William st..; city, i.' ' '...-.- > '.
REFINED Swiss girl ; wishes ' a , situation for
upstairs work and 6ewing or. taking; care of
grown t children ; American i family.' preferred ;
city, references. . Address ¦ I. ; H.; 40C0A '. '17th.
•WINCHESTER House,- 44 Third ;st, near'Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $i 5O.per;nlght; $1 50
to $6. week; 'convenient and: respectable;, fre»,
. - bus and baggage to aud; from -ferry.', , • ' , -. .- .;
CLASSIFIED advertisements 'and subscriptions
received at Call, branch of flee,, 2200 Fillmore.
A 'BRANCH office ;f or 'Call and
subscriptions has - been- established at J.09G
,Valeacia.6t, - ¦-,¦ ¦- ¦¦¦ i.-.v.'-.v.v-.. :-. :.,:—l-^s,
SAW FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Franclaco
Call, corner of Market and\Thlrd streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year. >
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. vx. j
800 Hayes street; ouen until 9:30 p. "in.
639 McAllister etreet: open until 9:S0 p. ra. .
815 Larkin etreet: open until 9:30 p. m.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
2261 Market street corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 p. m.
106 Eleventh street; open until 0 p.m.
J(X«C Valencia Etreet; open until. 9 p. xn.
Northwest ' corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets ; open until 8 p.m. !
2200 Fillmore street; open until 9 p. m.
MEETING XOTiqjES.
ASYLUM of Golden -Gate .Commandery _<»._
No. Iti, K. T., GoMen Gate bulldlw?. TSSf*
625 Sutter et — Officers and members ffa
.are . hereby notified to assemble In W
full uniform -at the aeylum TO-DAY Y,
at 12:45 O'clock fcr the purpose of attending
the funeral of our late f rater. Sir JOHN
WILLIAM LUCAS. „_ „
H. D. LOVELAND, Em. Com.
THEO. FROLICH. Recorder. ;
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. F. and A. •
M. — The officers and members ol the ±J\ m ¦
cbove named lodge are hereby notified t£3?
to attend the funeral of our late *
brother. JOHN WILLIAM LUCAS._ln King
Solomon's Hall. Masonic Temple, THIS DAI
(Tuesday). March It. 1902. at 1:30 o'clock
p m. Master Masons and friends of .tne
deceased are invited. By order of the^Mai-
ter. FRANKLIN H, DAY. Sec.
¦. CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 5. R~ A- M-. M
will meet THIS (TUESDAY) EVEN-
ING. March 1L at .7:30. o'clock. R. TKJR
A. degree. By order of the. H. P. *
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
GOLDEN Gate Lodge No. SO. F. and B. %
A. M.— Called meeting THIS (TUES-
DAY) EVKNING at 7:30 o'clock. D. /ZJ\
1. By order of the W. M. ¦ / -W\
EDWIN L. MEYER. Secretary.
PACIFIC Lodge No. 136, F. and'A.M., . m
121 Eddy Bt meets THIS EVENING J^.
7:30 o'clock. ID. »>2?
GEORGE PENLINGTON. Sec ' /v^
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144, F. and A. ¦¦
¦ M. — Called • meeting for- work THIS_l?fr_
• TUHPDAY) EVENING at 7:30 TKjf
o'clock. A. S. HUBBARD, Sec. 'W*
ANNUAL Meeting— Hutchinsen Sugar Plan-
tation Company — The regular annual meet-
Ing of the etockholders of the Hutchlnson
Sugar Plantation Company will be held at
. the office of the company. 327 Market St., in
thfe city and county of San Francisco, State
of California, on TUESDAY, the 25th day
cf March. 1902, at the hour of 11 o'clock
a. m.. for the purpose of electing a board
cf directors to serve for the ensuing year
and for the transaction of -such other busi-
ness as may come before the meeting. Trans-
fer books will close on Friday, March 14,
1902, at 3 o'clock p. m. ¦
H. W. THOMAS, Secretary.
..THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from J. M. Longnecker, In the Taylor
Claim and Hull Claim Mines, near Genessee.
Plumas Co., to deposit tailings In Indian
Creek or a ravine tributary thereto, and
from the Channel Found Gold. Mining Co., in
their mine near Lincoln. Placer Co., to de-
. posit tailings in a dry swale below the mine,
gives notice that a meeting- will be held at
room 94, Flood building, San Francisco, Cal.,
on March 24. 1902. at 1:30 p. ra. . -
NOTICE to Stockholders, Market Street Rail-
way Company — The Union Trust Company of
San Francisco Is authorized to receive until
next SATURDAY. March 15th, 1902, for de-
posit ail and any shares of the Etock of the
- Market Etreet' Railway Company upon the
eame terms and condition* on which it now
holds more^ than 'three-fourths of the capi-
tal etock of the Market Street Railway Com-
pany, under a certain agreement for the sale
of eaid shares. i -
I. W. HELLMAN JR.. Cashier.
Ban Francisco. March 7th. 1902. ¦
ASTROLOGY. ,
HOROSCOPES cast; fiture predicted: readings
by mail if desired. Raymond. 227 Taylor fet.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
H. W. KING, atty.. Examiner building, room
€13; all case*; damages, estates, wills, mort-
gages, partnerships, attachments, collections,
etc.: lr cal papers drawn: consultation free;
no advance charges; open eve's; call or write.
ADVICE free; divorces a specialty; quick; quiet;
' no charge without eucceu: established 1<J yrs.
G. W. HOWE. S50 Market et.. cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. D27 Market et. cpp. Mason.
ADVICE free; open every evening; low fees;
all cases. J. M. THURfeTON. Sl» Market «t
L. 8. CLARK. Emma Epreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
* fc*t Bt; consultation free: no f^es In advance.
BASEMENTS TO LET.
A — NEAR Market Bt; large roomy store; con-
crete basement; splendid opportunity. SPECK
& CO.. CC7 Market rt. ' '
BrCYCLES— For Sale or Escbanee,
ALLEN Is selling Eureka bicycles fast; ewell-
est thing out: 8gcncy Columbia. Monarch.oth-
ers: -repairing, bells, pumps. 301 Larkin 6t
BIRDS. DOGS. ETC.
WARBLING .canaries and oil. kinds of song.
talking and fancy birds; gold fish, pet stock,
cages, glebes, aquariums; bird and animal
focd of a!l kinds. 154C Market st..bet.Sth& 9th.
BOARDIXC^ FOR CHILDREN. .
ROOM and plain board wanted for father and
\son. 13 years, with neat Protestant lady; near
I Washington and Mason sts. Address S., 1090
Valencia st
NCRSE wishes chtldern at lowest terms; large
sunny yard; phone; nr. school. 1607 California.
CHILDREN to board; good home; reasonable;
mother's care. 430 Fulton Et.
BOOKS— SEW AND OLD.
BOOKS of all kinds bought; libraries purchased.
H. C. Holmes, 1149 Market; tel. Howard 1946.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
X^liooT^ALOONT'vlcftaity of Market and
, 4th sts.; net rent $40; good paying business;
estab. years. R. G. WILKE. 26>$ Kearny.
• A— $2500; CHOP and oyster house, near Chron-
icle; lease: place clearing above $250 per
month; death In family cause of sale. See
R. G. WILKE. 2b% Kearny Et ' '*
A— $4000; DELICATESSEN and fancy : grocery
store; established years; rent $20; stock' of
first-class merchandise; will invoice $3000;
business known as a first-class paying propo-
sition. • Call R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st
A — $850; SALOON and dance hall on Kearny
et. ; 3 living rooms s£nd kitchen; rent $35.
Particulars at R. G. WILKETS. 26% Kearny.
A — $800; BEET located saloon on water front:
elegant fixtures and a first-class paying busi-
ness; rent $40; Investigate and you will find
a rare chance. R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny.
A — $125 ; RESTAURANT :
Good business *...............
......Sickness cause of a real bargain
R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny et..:....
A— $250; CIGAR stand, with laundry office, on
Third st; rent $17 00; daily receipts $10
.and more. All particulars or-R. G.^ WILKE,
26% Kearny st. ,- ¦ . ¦
A — JS50: CORNER saloon with 6 rooms; rents
$15; surrounded by planing, mills, lumber
yards and railroad shops; clearing above $100
per month. Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A— $850; HARDWARE and crockery store with
plumbing Ehop; on Fourth st, near. Market;
pood business; rent $20. Call R. G. -WILKE,
. '26% Kearny Bt .
A RESTAURANT north of Market doing fine
business; present owner going East;, must be
sold at once. ROHLFS CO.. 41 Third st.
A LODGING-HOUSE on Market clearing $180
a month; fine furniture; 5% years' lease;
rooms all rented; $3000. ROHLFS CO., 41 3d.
A SALOON on prominent corner: C years' lease;
well stocked; must be sold; $2000. ROHLFS
CO.. 41 Third Et
A— SALOON on Third st. close to Market; 2
yeare' .lease; fine fixtures; $1000 stock; good
reason celling; $2750. Rohlfs Co.. 41 Third st
A— PHOTOGRAPH gallery on Market Bt., nne-
ly fitted up; doing fine business; owner has
other business; $1200. ROHLFS CO.,' 41 3d.-
A— BAKERY with 11 rooms attached; present
owner been there 16 years; all utensils for
baking; $1250. ROHLFS CO.. 41 Third Bt;
$300 — CANDY and cigar store. . with 3 nicely
furnished rooms In rear;" rent only $15: sell
at sacrifice on account of other business.
DE .HJCA & CO.. 318 Kearny Bt.
$200— RESTAURANT; choice location; cheap
rent; must Bell account other business- make
offer. P. S. DE LUCA & CO.. 318 Kearny.
$4O0— GROCERY store; splendid location, Oak-
land; cheap rent; old-established place; 'bells
only on account departure; positively a bar-
rain. 'Apply P. - D. DE LUCA & CO.. 318
Kearny tt. '
SOME bargains— McBRIDE & CO...7C5 Market
f225 — Restaurant & oyster house;' good.cheap.
$250 — Restaurant; good location; 10 more res-
taurants. $200 — Saloon; $400, $600, $1200 sa-
loons. $175, $225. $500 cigar stores. \
LOOK out. laundrymen! Steam laundry; part
for ea.le: eood chance. McERIDE & CO.,
765 Market cl; phone Red -3433.
$175 — CIGAR' £tore. In good; condition. Mc-
BRIDE & CO.. 7C5 Market Bt. " __ .
NEARLY paid-up contract of Tontine Saving
Association of Minneapolis..; Box 4131, ?Call,
BUSINESS CHASCES— Continued. .
JOSEPH STRAUB. . ¦ ' -* ' . • ;
850 Market St., corner. Stockton. . ,
, • • - Telephone' Grant: 177.
Real Estate Agent^- -. ' . ¦ • ¦
i Property Bought and Sold.
Rents Collected. ,..'.>. ." „• '- ' .
¦ , .' . . ' Loans Negotiated.
legitimate Business At!
A— 40 CIGAR stands; : prices $75 to $1500;
profits $2 to $8 daily; rents $6 to $425 month.
I can sell you a flrst-class stand at- invoice.
C.L. HEDGES, 461-462 Parrott building.
HEALY & CARR. 6 Eddy 6t, San Francisco,'
rooms 18 and 19: phone James 2771^— We sell
all kinds of business opportunlties,-'"clty and
country real estate. Call or write for our
printed list properties for sale and exchange.
$250— PARTNER; manufacturing business;
only one of the kind in the State; large
.. profits; live man. Business Board of Trade,
826 Pine st/ ... . • '
A — $650; CORNER saloon: best In city: 100
. others $150 to $3000. STRAND. 200 Kearny.
J100— CALOON; ' old established: transfer cor-
ner; low rent; long lease. Call office.
$75 TO $100 month can be made by steady
man with $150 as partner in old-established
business; no experience required. Apply 200
. Kearny' st. room 1. .
MAN with $40 cash can clear $100 in a few
weeks; call and investigate. 735 A Ellis' at
WANTED — Young or middle-aged man, with
push, ability, office experience. and' capital,
to take a position in office and learn the
management of the business; only responsible
party need apply; can invest money and be-
come member of firm later on If they choose.
Box 4163. Call. ¦ ' - '
IF you are seeking safe and profitable invest-
ment, write for prospectus of the Metropoli-
tan Horse Owners' (Co-operative) Association
(Incorporated under New York State laws);
a limited number of shares at $100 each. N.
S. HAND. Secretary. 113 Stockton st
OUR Kew Alternating System of turf specula-
tion is the safest and most profitable ever
devised; average monthly profits over 80 per
cent; explanation free. N. S. HAND & CO..
Expert' Handicappers, 113 Stockton st ,
BALOON, corner *lot property, -stock and fix-
tures for sale or rent; opposite railroad depot
In Paso Robles. Address JOHN G. ENGEL,
Paso Robles. Cal. • . • .
SALOON— A small corner for sale: good stand.
Inquire at 143 Fifth st; no agents; $450.
. LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE. •
A — SPECIAL: 20 rms. ; cor.; clears $165; $500
cash, bal. easy terms; price $1600. Retsloff.
A — WE offer any of following on easy terms :
TO rms.; elegant; long lease; clears $4OO.$6S00
10 rooms; selling on account of death.. . 400
• 20 rooms; clears $125; payments. 1000
16 rooms; Eddy st;- reduced to......:.. 900
5 rooms; flat; bargain ..'........... 200
22 rooms; 3d st; clears $100; payments. 700
10 rooms;- Jones-st • corner; only. 275
7 rooms; bargain; easy terms 800
17 rooms; clears $75; only '. 250
19 rooms; rent $40; clears $60 450
A, H. RETSLOFF & CO.; phone John- 631.
906 Market St., cor. Ellis, room 12. .
A — . . Near The Call building.
Telephone Black 1-8-0-3.
MARION GRIFFIN, 719 Market St., rms. 1-2
;. • MONEY TO LOAN.
Big free list of lodging- houses at my office.
• 'AU for sale on easy terms. Please call
BUYERS AND SELLERS. '
Please remember that I have three compe-
. tent courteous sober business men associated
. with me and that we will gladly refer you to
hundreds of people for whom ! we have done
business to their entire satisfaction. WE
SELL city and country property, lodging-
houses, hotels and businesses of all kinds.
WINSTON & "WOLF -
1026 Market st rlO26 Market st.
(Photograph Gallery Entrance.) •
16 rooms; cor.; new furn. ; payments.. $1150
20 rooms; rent $50; good furniture. t.... 1000
23 rooms; rent $65; must sell 1250
28 rooms; corner: cheap .rent..... 1500
29 rooms; rent $75; must sell ..1200
48 rooms; new; corner; rent $200; elevator.
DONALD INVESTMENT COMPANY. "
650 Market st (Inc.).... Phone Davis 28L
Reliable dealers . in . rooming-houses, . hotels,
business chances and real estate.
We furnish vacant' houses and
Loan money at lowest rates. •
Something new every day. ¦
New houses to lease. ¦•'. ~
A CAMERON & CO..
S50 Market Bt. and 8 Stockton st.
Rooms 21. 22. 23. Phone Bush 323.
If you have hotels, rooming-houses or business
to sell, list with us; buyers call; we can suit
you; have bargains in hotels, lodging-houses.
flats; all sizes and prices; in all parts of city.
KRASKY & CO.. 1019A Market st.
A— 20 rooms; eunhy Bide of Ellis st.; $750
cash, balance easy payments; snap. .
$lS00 — Transient house, | near Mkt &. Taylor.
20 rooms; near City Hall; rent $50 $1400
22 rooms; oh one floor; new carpets; owner
leaving city; great bargain.
23 ROOMS; all sunny; 2 floors; all full; steady,
roomer*; will sell cheap on easy terms. M.
E. RIVES. 016 Market st ; tel. Main 128.
12 "ROOMS; all sunny; running water; rent $.">0;
nice' home on easy terms; money loaned. M.
E. RIVES, 916 Market st ; tel. Main 128.
McBRIDE & CO., 765 Market st. — Some bar-
gains: $3300—33 rooms. $2000 — 32 rooms:
$750—16 rooms. $1300—21 rooms. $C00— 26
rooms. $550 — 10 rooms, i. 60 more houses,
tome bargains. In different locations.
60 ROOMS; modern sunny corner; rent $100;
lease for right party; price $2800: mortgage;
take "narrow gauge. THE MERRITT, cor-
ner Twelfth and Franklin sts.. Oakland.
A — NOTICE^ — We have \ rooming-houses, all
sires and prices, in' all parts of the city; get
our list first. MITCHELL & CO.. 1200 Markt.
MCALLISTER, 769 — 10 rooms, all full, newly
furnished; clears $40; price $750. •
SPIRITUALIS3I.
A — C. V. MILLER, world's famous materializ-
ing medium; spirits speak face to face; seance
Tues., Fri.,-^un., 8 p. m.; 50c 10S4 Bush 6t.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus.- medium;
life reader; medical clairvoyant; -sittings, $1;
letter. $2. 1164 O'Farrell st; Ellis car.
MME. YOUNG'S demonstration of spirit return
to-night ¦ 605 McAllister; 10c; come, skeptics.
HOLTMAN. Wrenn, test circles every Sun.,
Wed.. Fri.. 10c; readings dally. 1382 Market
MRS. HARLAND'S circle to-night. Thurs.,
Fri.; best tests, 10c; readings 60c-$l. 132 6th.
W. G. KEEGAN holds spiritual meeting every
night ex. Saturday; admission 10c. 148 6th.
ELSIE REYNOLDS, materializing seance Tues-
' day, Wednesday eves. 325 Ellis 6t; 50c
EDWARD EARLE, 328 Ellis; readings dally;
phone Polk 1601; seance Sunday and 'Thurs.
KATIE HEUSSMANN. business sittings ' daily.
1774 Fifteenth Bt., near Guerrero.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer; sittings dally; test to all.to : night; 10c.
CLAIRVOYANTS. .
MME. M. BERNARD. .
••. THE .FAMOUS .'• V:Y.-- i-
Clalrvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third St., neit Examiner bldg.
She reads your life correctly, give's an accurate
description of the past,, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur In the fu--
ture. . 'If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or. not satisfied In life., or have domestic.
love or business troubles, consult this great. me-
dium and you will be told how to overcome,
them. Valuable advice In all affairs of life; 25c
up; satisfaction guaranteed. Tel. Black 4560.
A— 50c and $1. PROF. WELLER. clairvoyant,
scientific palmist, card reader; advice on busi-
ness, speculation, love and domestic troubles,
settles lovers', quarrels, reunites separated,
tells whom you will marry, . how to win man
I or woman you love; mail $1: send date birth
- lock hair, 6 questions. 1007% Market, nr.6th.
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium. Is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket st, cor. Golden Gate ave., rooms 25 and
. 26; take elevator.' . Perfect" satisfaction guar-
anteed by- mail; send^ stamp •: for . pamphlet
with special terms. Dajly and Sunday.
MME. ARNDT, the great clairvoyant, tells
, past, future;- never fails; has the" greatest'
Egyptian secret; Fhows picture, future hus-
band or wife;- fee 25c and up; satisfaction to
everybody; open Sun., 10 to 8 p. m. 215Vi Cth.
ISM AR, the ! Egyptian I Gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 114S Market op-
• poslte Sixth; private readings dally, 10 a. m.
to 5 p. m. Sundays from W. to 12 a, m.
A— MISS M. WILLE. 326 A Ellis; . clairvoyant.-
crystal seer; reads your life correctly, without
ques. ; full names; 50c-$l; 10 a.m. to 8 p.'.m./
MME. RAVENNA reads life 'fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st .¦
MRS." MALLORY.- 917 Howard, clairvoyant and
spirit card reader; consult me;, L., 25c, G. 50c;
MME. WALTERS, great card reader; la.' 25;
.gents 60c 951 Mission, near' 6th; open. Sun.
MRS. JACQUE, trance, 'sittings; palmistry "&
card reading; 25c. & 5ffc 301) Sth st; r. 12. '.
MRS.' BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader;. ladles
25c gents 50; readings dally. ' 132 Sixth st.
MRS. LAVON. '. wonderful fortune teller; truth
*or no pay; 25c andSOc. 704 Howard, cor. 3d.
MRS. B. Baumann; well-known fortune' teller,
has removed from 222 Eddy to 407, O'Farrell.
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader from Louisiana-
only 10c; fropi 1 to S. 262 Minna St.. nr. 4th.
CAPE NOME.
FOR freight and passage to Cape Nome and
Jukon 1 River points. . Call or , write C. F.
MOORE, 035 Market st. room 6.. '¦ l_-
; EMPLOYMENT WANTED^-BIASB. v
RELIABLE v man .wants "position: In ~; private
place ; understands the care ¦ of : horses ; '¦ good
' driver;' can ?rrillk and attend to garden;; good
references. ! Box 4139, Call' office. •_ •¦ »¦
SITUATION /wanted by a large boy 16 yearB
I old ; can take - care of horses ; -, would like . to
n do. any klnd-of work In, country; good home
preferred. . Please call ¦ or • write to 1278
; Twelfth ave.. »Sunset. District. :
MIDDLE- AGED German gardener ,wante posi-
. tlon as such and take care of
: ally. ; '• Box 4148. • Call office. .
YOUNG, reliable. ¦ trustworthy man wishes a
I situation;' understands taking care horses and
garden. Box 4147, Call office. . -^
WORK wanted by young man about place; can
• handle horses," milk, or do most any kind of
work; . references given. Box . J132, , Call. ¦':¦
FIRST-CLA6S machinist wants Job; will leave
city. ;¦ Box 4146, Call office. . • . : , ¦
EXPERIENCE' mine > blacksmith wants work
. on gold mine. Address. N. P. WINTER, 1020
Howard et.~ ¦ . \ / .. ..¦--¦, ¦¦-. •-•" ...-•
PRACTICAL . gardener, good ' , worker; refer-
_ gnces.. ¦ Address box 4181. Call office. . . -
WANTED-^-Work by. sober and steady man,
, handy with carpenters' and pipefitters' tools.
Box 4432. Call. • ; .
. INDUSTRIOUS young man, strong and willing;
¦ can milk;- understands horses and gardening;
handy with t ool s ; desires work anywhere.
.Box 4177, Call office. . > . . - ' ; '
A' GARDENER, German, desires position; ref-
erences from home and abroad. Box 4174,
Call office. : r .:-. ¦ r ' x - : . ¦ ".¦¦-)
GOOD . baker wants a situation; country pre-
', f erred. Box 4176, Call office. ___
WANTED — Position by lumberman; had expe-
¦ rlence In all branches" of the business; Ms also
¦ good accountant; had experience as manager
six years: competent to take charge of busl-
. ness; city or country. Address box 4120, Call.
SINGLE man, good appearance,' -wishes position
with- good hquse,' with, view as city sales-
man; small salary at start; references. Box
: 4157. Call office. , . ' ' ¦ ' ¦. ¦
MAN, -wife and boy, 13 years of. age, want a
Yi job on a ranch near the city; man and boy
can milk 45 cows; wife is a good cook. Hel-
vetla Hotel, 431 and 433 Pine st. '
A GOOD reader, correspondent and- nurse' of
traveled experience wishes to attend on ah In-
» valid; no objections to country; . Al refer-
ences. Box '4151. Call office., ; . ¦¦. -
WANTED — By a first-class all-around machin-
ist a position as foreman in some manufac-
turing business; has had' experience;, good
:" references. . Box 4154, Call of flee. - . ..
POSITION wanted by a steady, sober man as
foreman in milk dairy; not afraid of work.
Box 4402, Call office.
STEADY, • reliable i'man wants position as
waiter. 725 Utah st • ¦ ,
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call- branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1090
' Valencia st. ¦'¦¦'-- •'¦¦-.
PA^HTC J Underwltlng J &
• have 42 offices In' operation; n/w, method of
: placing stocks , and bonds ; companies lncor-.
— porated; stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
- or address main of flee. ¦ 507-8-9 Parrott bldg.
COMPANIES incorporated and financed; stocks
and bonds sold; good projects. wanted: lnves-
1 tlgate. our underwriting guarantee plan; write
us. Pac. States Mining & Invest. Co..326Post
flats;, to: let. ¦ ;, '
A BRAND new. 6 rooms and bath, facing
: park; low rents.' 755 to 760 Sixth ave.; Mc-
Allister, Geary or Sutro cars to door: keys
. opposite premises. ¦ ' - ' ' - '.
A— REDUCED rents: swell now flats, facing
Golden Gate Park: 5 to 8 rooms each. 609,
to 629 • Frederick Bt. near Stanyan.
ELEGANT sunny corner flat. 2502 Sutter st,
¦ corner Broderick:. rent reasonable.
FLAT, 6 ' rooms, \$11; cottage, 4 rooms, $10.
Key (^23 Second at. . _,
FLAT of 4 rooms , and . bath. 3907 Twenty-
. fourth Bt. .- :,'. '.- " ,
PIERCE, 253 — Corner' flat; lower floor; newly
fitted up; 5-room; $17 50. Including water. .
SUNNY. upper flat; 4 rooms. 416& Hyde st;
key at 418 Hyde. ' .'.-''
' \flats to let— fursished.~
GOLDEN GATE, 1517— Flats 4 & 2 rms., pan-
' tries, closets, piano, garden $25, $15; 1 to 4.
tfURNITUIlE FOR SALE. ;
FOR sale 'at a sacriflce — Fine, furniture of. pri-
vate house, now in storage; cash or lnstall-
• meats. . Box 4125, Call office. ' , ' -
4 ROOMS furnlshfd In oak, $48 60, with No. 7
range. T King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
NEW furniture of 6-room flat for sale. Apply
PHIL S. BEEL. SB. -cor. Clay and Davis.
• FURNITURE WASTED.
A.'WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St., pays "highest
price for sejeond-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
GLOVES. .
D. & F. BLACK suede glove;. best In the world;
warranted; kept in repair. 121 Grant ave.
HELP WANTKD-^-FEMALE. N
A— MRS. M. E. DAY & CO.. Phone Main 1675
......... HOTEL DEPARTMENT
2- waitresses, flrst-class hotel, .$25, -free fare;
' 2 ' waitresses, commercial hotels, $20, fare
paid; waitress and chambermaid, same hotel,
$25, fares paid; 12 waitresses, city,. $20 and
. $25;- waitress,, summer resort, $20, long sea-
son, fare paid; 2 chambermaids,' $17 50; 6
chambermaids to wait. $20.....
FAMILY DEPARTMENT . .
Houseglrl, 3 in -family,' $30- cook. Belvedere,
$30; cook, San Rafael, $30; houseglrl, 2 In
family, San Rafael, $30, see lady here;- many
' choice places, ' city, $20, $25. MRS. M. E.
i DAY & CO., 335 Geary st ' '
\ A— 2 SALESLADIES ¦ for candy store ; no ex-
peri ence necessary;. $7 week to begin. - MRS.
M. E. DAY & CO.. 335 Geary st v -
WANTED-j-2 • first-class waitresses for family
hotel, city, $30; waitress for summer resort,
' , south. $25;- waitress -for restaurant, country,
y $25 ; 6 restaurant waitresses, city, $6-$7 a
week; pantry girl, ajso; waitress, both, for
; institution, $20; German, French - or Ameri-
can for boy 4 years, $25 ;. 2 ; German cooks,
no ' wash, . $30-$35; cook, small restaurant.
i$30; .2 flrst-class second girls, $25; 6 cooks,
plain wash,. $30; 33 girls for general house-
work in city and country, $20-?25. Apply to
' J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 334 Sutter st
NEAT girl por . general housework and cook-
•!,.ing; good Wages. Call bet. 8 and 12 a. m.,
1C:JO . Sacram*nto sf . ' ¦ .-' • ¦ . .
WANTED— A strong young woman as cook in
',': . a • small ¦ restaurant; $20 and found. Box
1 1 4433. Call office. •; -. . -.¦ ,< ¦¦..¦•¦¦¦.
TAILORESS wanted .. on fine coats. ¦ 305 A
.Mason st. '.' : . — !%• ¦. ¦ '.. ¦ -,. '-.
.WANTED— Girl desirous of ' learning chocolate
dipping.-; 538 Washington st. .-¦••¦-
CLEAN colored girl,' general ,housework; must
be a good cook and -.willing. 949 Sutter st. .
GIRL' for'general 'housework'; 'wages $20. Ap-
ply at 2514 Clay et.' ' :. - - ¦ ¦¦ •.
OPERATORS on ladies' wear to work In I fac-
tory. 650 Mission st. fourth floor. . ,. .
1 APPRENTICE to learn dressmaking. .317 Bart-
. lett st.,-; bet; Twenty-fouTth and Twenty-nfth.
EIXPERIENCED waitresses wanted. 20 .Third
-street.', j \ ;.:¦ ¦. . ¦; . ; . . - ,
WANTED — Girl for general housework; S In
family. ;. 2757A Harrison Et.; ;¦;-. , , .-•¦¦ .
WANTED— A- first-class waitress at 304 Ma-
Bon'-st; wae;ess$8 a;week. - . , : --
CHAMBERMAID at the Manhattan v House,
825 Battery st. .; ', • . v ' ; •: •
GOOD' pants . finisher 'wanted; wages S9-S10.
1000 Harrison St.. cor. Sixth. : '¦ . ¦
A MIDDLE-AGED woman to do light house-
work; 2 in family; good home.. 542 Natoma.
WANTED— A girl to help around the kitchen.
: .'Apply 2030 Seventeenth St.: near Vermont; .-.
UPSTAIRS Kirl: German. 2930 Sacramento
Bt; ' cor. Broderlck.'.' '. . '' •' • ¦
A GERMAN girl for cooking, light housework
.aud plain ironing; wages $25; also a German
girl'. for. Upstairs work and to help with older
children; wages $20 to $25. 1817, California.
-WANTED—- A competent girl to do cooking In
, a small .family; references ' required. Apply
¦ at, 1910 Washington st.-bet 12 and 2'o' clock."
FROM this date on and until further, notice we
will ¦ instruct : inexperienced : hands j the trade
. of making overalls' free of * charge; win be
paid while , learnings LEVI. STRAUSS &
: CO., ZZVi 'Fremont st. Apply to MR. DAVIS.
¦WANTED — Immediately. 3 ambitious girls to
' , \earn hairdresslngr ¦ fronv A to Z,in 2.weeks
. ' and ; take ' charge | of .private I customers where
• you: can- earn $50 per month: course $5. .Col-
. lege..233 Geary.st.,- rooms 13-15. -.> . '.-':'>-/
BUTTON-HOLE maker; steady - work at best
wages ; t must be first • class. BELASCO &
'4 :- HARRIS CO., B41 Market Et. :.-. .
APPRENTICES to learn tailoring;* paid while
...learning:. ¦ ; BELASCO &" HARRIS CO., . 541
'.'Market- 6t. "''.,". ¦- :¦ : ;-;¦/ '"
EXPERIENCED -operators .on' overalls: lnex-
. periencedipald while- learning. > 9 Hill; Bt.,
kl 'P*Kr Twenty-first and Twenty-second^ ¦ .- • ¦
MISCELLANEOUS FOR_SALE— Con.
---.¦.— - ¦— . ... .. — ~rnu
A — $3 5O DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st. near Pine.
FINE snits $10; dress pants, $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS, 437 Montgomery st.
A— SEALSKIN Jacket for sal© for $65. Port-
land Loan Office. 25 Stockton st.
ROLLER canaries, breeding cages and young;
reasonable; moving. 913 Hyde t.
FOR sale— Steam boiler, 42xl2i at Tannery,
Seventeenth' and Carolina eta.
FOR sale— About 50 gal. country milk daily.
Address Del Hambw Dairy. Martinez.
12 H. P. engine, almost new: only used three
months: very cheap. Box 4133. Call office.
13x19 Gordon. $125; we buy. sell or trade la
printing materials. HOAG. 151 Second st
BOATS, launches, rowboata carried In stock.
BAKER & HAMILTON.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters (all
make.3). ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Monfgy.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pic-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131\Post st
Wall paper 8c, worth 10c; paperhanging, palnt-
lng. Merigan. 1302 Webster; tel. Jackson 1321.
NEW Home and Domestic sewing machine;
good order; complete: cheap. 1915 Mission.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2d-hand
and launches. J. E. EOAK. 396 Mission st
ENGINES and boilers: second- hand machinery.
J. BURKE. 139 Beale Bt
1ST-CLASS 2d-hand modern engines and boilers
bought, sold. Krogh Mfg. Co.. 9 Stevenson. .
SAFES — New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st
MISCELLANEOUS WAX/frs.
WILL cay cash and good prices fcr old seal-
skins ; address at once: will call anywhere
within 25 mllea of city. Box S270. Call office.
WANTED — To rent an 8 or 10 H. P. gasollna
launch for up river use; will buy if satisfac-
tory. Address B., SS58 Twenty-second st. -
BIG prices paid for sealskin coats: also rents*
full dress and Tuxedo suits. Portland Loaa
Office. 25 Stockton st; phone Bush 484.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th St.: tel. Jessie 2S31.
M ONE Y TO TLOASl. _
A— HERMAN MURPHY. 601-602 Examiner Ms
$4.(500.000 at Lowest Rate* *
"......On First and Second Mortgages......
». ...... On Life Interests In Estates.. .......
......Property Being Held In Trust........
Undivided Interests in Real Estate.... -
Life Insurance Policies;. Estates la Probate j
Financial Problems of all sorts and sizes.
IF TOU NEED MONEY «
See HERMAN MURPHY. 601-602 Examiner.
AA— MANHATTAN LOAN CO. (Inc.)
$300,000 at 5% and 6 per cent In sums to suit;
City, Oakland, Town and Country property:
second mortgages, life insurance and securi-
ties; loans on unsettled estates, undivided in-
terests in real estate and legacies: will pur-
chase above securities. TeL Red 5024. MAJJ«
HATTAN LOAN CO.. 7th floor. Crocker bldg.
AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT.
First, second and third mortgages -
Undivided Interest In real estate In probate..,
Mortgages and legacies bought; no delay...*
Get my terms before doing business elsewher*
, R. McCOLGAN .'.....»
.........24 Montgomery st. room 3 v
ANY proposition, any amount: 9 per cent: first,
second and third mortgages, estates In pro-
bate. Interest in estates, legacies, undivided
interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile Interests, corporation loans. Room 13.
1st floor. Chronicle big. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
MUNICIPAL Loan Office. 103 Grant ave.. near
Geary st; phone Red 1603.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin/ Jewelry Store. 843
Market st: tet Main 1644. Branch 19 Third.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos: no removal;
lowest rater Private, confidential. ORMSBY.
26 Montgomery St.. room 7. opp. Lick House.
S. F. DISCdUNT AGENCY— Loans to salaried
people on their note.
THE TOUSLEY CO 143 Phelan bldg.
A PRIVATE party loans any amount on furni-
ture, pianos; no removal; low rates: conflden-
tlal. WHITEHEAD (Wilson's). 1710 Market.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; money
quick: lowest interest: easy terms; no bro^t/'
age; reliable party. 1170 Market st. room 63.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc, by private
party no removal: no commission; eonndea-
tlal. Room 3. Conservatory bldg., 3<JWones.
$10 UP on furniture, planes: no com.; private.
party. St. Ann's bldg.. 6 Eddy, rm. 72. 4th flr.
$5 60 PER month repays $1000 loan.; stop pay-
lng rent MURDOCK. S14 Pine st.
°?fLj£ er cent on' furniture: $3 a month on each
$1000; any security. 302 Montgomery st. r. 1.
Money loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, r. 44. Merchants' Exc. 431 California.
CASH loaned salaried people oh nota without
lndorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner bldg.
3% ON furniture and pianos: $15 up: no re-
moval. Phone Black 1709. Room 81. 8 Eddy.
ON furniture, pianos; lowest rate; no removal:
strictly private. LICK. 116 McAllister st
D7 you want a home I will loaa you money t*
buy It A. E. RUDELL. 222 Sansome st.
LOANS money on salary; no lndorser ; Easter*
plan. Western Loan Co.. 309 Phelan bldg.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
ALL must go without reserve. Sale open*
Monday morning at 8. First callers wia^at
first choice of 150 pianos. Soiaa apecial bar-
gains :
1 Somxner ........... .......... 12s ' -
1 AntlseU ¦.._. Hin!I*$39
1 Neuman (small upright) ..„. **S85
1 Sherman & Hyde '195
4 Chlckerings from.. ..$183 to $233 '
8 Steinways . from. ...... ,...$i3fi to $383
8T Heines from $183 to $595
80 new upright pianos exactly the same a*
offered as bargains by others for $133 we- will
sell for $98. Only direct factory representa-
tives on the Pacific Coast. Agents wanted
everywhere. HEINE PIANO CO.
' Geary st. opp. Union Square.
A GOOD Idea In buying a piano Is to bo §ur»
that you are getting a reliable Instrument
from a reliable houso who will bs reapon-
Bible for it and see that It la kept In order I
There are so many fakirs abroad In th« land.
' and fake sales are so often resorted to, that
a purchaser cannot be too careful. W» sell
the Wissner, Decker. Baumelstsr and other re-
liable pianos. You buy on the payment Dlaa
if you wish. THE ZENO MAUVAIS MCSIO
CO., 769 Market st ««"«
ALTHOUGH many seemingly advantageous
propositions are offered in the way of prices
and terms upon pianos, pleas© bear Jn mind
that we can not only duplicate them, but
can offer exceptionally fine pianos and larg-
t&£%%?ES? n £, ot best ma *es to choose from.
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. Stelnway dealers^
cor. Kearny and Sutter ats., S. p.; Broad-
way and Thirteenth sta.. Oakland. "*"•**
ATTENTION. BARGAIN-HUNTERsH "
Second-hand upright pianos from $53 ud.
Second-haad square pianos from $50 up.
Eecond-hsnd organs from $23 up; new up'rleh!
i 0 H'-™» to^ OF / rr^P- Chickerin*. Masoa
& Hamlln, Vose. Sterling pianos.
11 sold °y «3 taken back any tim«
within 2 years and full purchase) price, al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe. at regular
price; costs you only 20c a day t» buy &
v o''F^ets a t. ; U e a stab^diio. & <*?**'¦ M
BOHMER & CO. pianos; Byron Mauzy pianos:
i^ff^. pl , anoa; , Spielmann pianos; Cecilian
812 Post* ft n ° P f: PlP * orgaES - 308 «
B^£h?' *?& Kht - * 35: laxg * ¦«*»«<* grand up-
right. $130; square pianos. $35 up; A. B.
Cameron, walnut case, almost new, $273
_ Bowera & Son. 23 Sth st. Ivere & Pond agts.\
"WE offer for one week 12 beautlfulpianos »v?
bargain prices from $S3 up. F. W. SPENT
CER & CO.. corner Sutter and Powell sts.
OUR pianos the leading makers; price $100 up-
ward; values best In the city. PIERCE' 3
PIANO FACTORY. Market 14th and Church.
A FINE-lot of artistic pianos now on display
at the new music store of The- Wiley B. Allen
Co.. 831 Market st.
AT auction prices. 37 pianos this week dirt
cheap; new and second-hand for storage and
advances. WILSON'S Storage. 1710 Market.
$65 — SMALL upright, piano; fine .condition;
must b* sold account departure. Call fore-
noons this week only 2215 Octavla sti
WANTED — Four good squares for halls.
BYRON MAUZY. 310 Post st.
2 ELECTRIC self-playlnpr pianos; bargains.
BYRON MAUZY. 31ft Post St.
HANDSOME 3-pedal upright piano- sacrlflc*
. account unforseen circumstances. 522 Eddy.
BARGAIN, great sacrifice; 2 uprights nearly
, new. JOS. SCHMITZ & CO.. 1G McAllister.
STILL renting new pianos. S3 per month.
SCOTT-CURTAZ Piano Co.. 560 Hayes st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in tha
United States or Canada one year for $1.
MINES AXD JII.MMi.
THE grandest chance ever offered Is now open
for a good party to act a3 director In open-
\ns the "Wabash Mine." near Amador. on.,,
mother lode, near Keystone mine. Room 406,^
annex to Call, S. F. - '
¦°¥?-P- CAMPBELL. lawyer.Examlner W5..8.
: F.; branch ofaco. Nome, Alaska, seaaoa 19C2.
._ HELP -WANTED— FEMALE-— Con: •_
OLD-ESTABLISHEb firm of this city can give
two J . experienced business women . an oppor-
tunity for lucrative , employment Box' 4153,
; Call-office. :.;¦,-;>" ¦ - '. i'. •
SALESLADIES and makers for millinery; we
..want;the best and we - will . pay the highest
wages. 130 Sixth st ¦ ¦'-- . J : "•'.-•-
WANTED — First I class millinery saleslady.
. Apply between 8 and 11 a- m., at Hale Bros.
GERMAN woman bb governess; state religion;
salary $30. Box 2994, Call office. _- ¦
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch . of flee, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for. Call advertisements and
' subscriptions - has 'been established -at 109t5
Valencia st. -• -. - ¦•¦*' "
HELP WANTED— -MALE.
MURRAY. & T READY....... -Phone Main 6S48
. Leading Employment and Labor Agents. .
.....;.. :..'. 634-638 Clay st..:..
..-....'.... .'...Office open 7-a. m. ............
Machinist. : near city. ..$8 day
2 molders, city job ; blacksmith, camp. .....
2 miners, $67 60; 5 laborers.Vmine,- $30 & fd.
. Milk-wagon .driver, wholesale wagon. $50 and
room • gardener, see boss here .... $30 and f d.
Farmer and wife, $40 and fd.; 2 milk wagon
: driver. $50 ; 12 choremen and choreboys, $10
•- to $25 and fd_; 5 farmers, $26 and $30 and fd.
Shingle' packer; -milker, : fare 75c, American.
$35 and fd. ; cheese maker; $35 and fd. ; but--
ter maker and milker. $30 and fd.; 4 milkers;
milker and cheese maker for Oregon.
Young ; man for institution, good penman,
$25 and fd. j bookkeeper and stenographer. .
. 2 basket makers ;. slack cooper.....
. .WOODCHOPPERS REDUCED FARE. .
¦ 35 more woodchoppers, good camp, open year
around, virgin timber, level, ground, good
wages . '. • • •
' Redwood 80c.......... .....Hardwood,. $1 50
-Pine $1 60.........:... Ties 10c to I60 each
........... Hotel Dept. Butcher
Butcher, drive wagon and shop work, $30
; and fd.; 3 cooks, $50 and fd. ; second cook,
$12 week: 6 waiters. $25 to $35; 15 dish-
. washers, $7; kitchen help; porter;...
./¦¦¦, MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay Bt
AT CALIFORNIA' EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
59 Third st; phone "Bush 405.
SAWMILL AND LUMBER CREW. . • ¦
20 experienced lumber pliers .$2 per day
20 experienced lumber pliers .$2 per day
1 pond man... '. ...$60 per month
Head trimmer . ............. .$60 per month
2 lumber graders $2 50 per day
1 section. foreman .'......$2 50 per day
2 bridge carpenters $3 per day
.20 "redwood, tiemakers. 10c to 16c, 3 Jobs,
tools and fare advanced.
- 20 men to lay steel ............... $2 per day
' 20 track and steel men, 'sawmill... $2 per day
WAITER and houso man, $25 and. found; oys-
ter fryer, $40 to $45; hotel second cook, $35;
cook and wife, $55 and found; night cook.
•for country, $35 and. found; dishwashers and
others. ¦ J. F. CROSETT & CO.,' 628 Sacra-
¦ mento st. . — . •¦,
QUARTZ mill man; stableman, for' country,
$25 to $27 60 and found; farmers. $20 to $30:
.milker, $30; carriage wood worker, $3 to
$3 50 day; setter/ for mill, $75; pond man,
$60; lumber sorter,' $60; trimmer for mill;
. and others. . ' \ - - .
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 023 Sacramento st.
AT.W. D. .EWER & CO.'S..: 610 Clay st.
¦ Butter maker and milk........ $35
8 Portuguese, milkers, Oregon... $30 and fare
Dishwasher, country hotel. .$20
German Janitor for Institution $25 and fd.
• Scandinavian, house man, near city. $25 & fd.
¦6 choppers for reedwoods $45 and board
4 barkers foe redwoods : . .' $35 and board
ANDRE'S — Office, 816 Stockton at. — Second
cook, $40; cook, country boarding-house, $40;
.kitchen hand and took short orders, $8 a
week; vegetable man, $25; dishwasher, $25;
Japanese butler, $35; -German butler, $40;
porter for country hotel, must help in laun-
dry, $30 and found. ' ¦ . ; - . - - . .
BARBER shop for Eala — Averages from $120
to $130 per month; established . 8 years; shop
and flat of 3 ¦ well-furnished rooms for fam-
1 lly of 4; rent $15; price $250; $100 cash, the
rest $10 per j month at ! 4 per cent interest '
1035 Guerrero st. * . ¦ .-
WANTED-r-Young man experienced -as entry
.clerk In a wholesale house; must be good
•>. penman, quick and accurate at figures; s tats
age and references when making application,
otherwise not considered. Box 4485, Call.
MASTER Barbers — Regular meeting of Master
Barbers' Association THIS EVENING, 8:30
o'clock, at 102 O'Farrell st
.. . S. HELLER. SecAy M. B. A..
WANTED — Steady man to take orders in store.
• collect, etc, in light, genteel business; will
pay $18 to $20 per week; must have $150
cash. Apply 765 Market st, room 3.
YOUNG man wanted for the leather goods de-
partment;, one having .gome experience pro-
•f erred; references, required. SANBORN,
VAIL & CO., 741 Market sf. |
WAN-TED — An experienced Japanese butler;
' wages $35; flrst-class city references required.
Call in the afternoons of Tuesday and Wed-
nesday at 1801 Franklin st '. r '- .- '
BARBERS — Half Interest In one of largest and
best paying shops, with baths, in city for
sale; excellent reasons; snap for right party.
Eox 4434, Call. :
WANTED — All-round tailor, young man. to go
to country, near-by town; steady employ-
ment. Call Detmer Woolen Co., C43 Market.
WANTED — Reliable man for office to wait on
customers; will pay $15 per week; $125 cash
required. Inquire 1010 Market St., room 10.
FOR Bale — 2-chalr barber shop; good location:
reason -for selling, . leaving city."" Call 702
Howard st. .
WANTED — A neat young man for Boda foun-
tain at GRUNENHAGEN. BROS.'. 20 Kear-
• ny at. . ¦ - ¦ . - v
BARBER shop.. 3 revolving chairs; old stand;
Western Addition; can be bought cheap and
on ' part payment ' STOLTZ, 723 Market at.
FIRST-CLASS coatmaker wanted by the week
Donohoe bldg., room 12; wages no object.
STRONG boy wanted ; steady position. , 538
Washington st.
WANTED — Boy for wholesale. Address, stat-
¦ Ing age and experience, box 4182, Call, office.
WANTED — First-class restaurant waiter; call
' early. 105 California Market. -
BOY wanted. 330 Ke-arny st
INTELLIGENT boy; knowledge men's furnish-
Ing. P. C. HEGER, 723'Market st. rm. 35. :
GOOD bootblack. 947 Fillmore st, corner Mc-
. Alllster. • .''. • . • - i
CARPET layer wanted; steady/ Job. 1215
¦ Stockton st. -
BOY wanted this morning. 3271 Mission st. ;
¦ I plumbing. • ¦
.' ' . > ' . . '
STRONG boy for candy, factory. C2 Sixth st
STRONG boy wanted 'In blacksmith shop. 1251
; Webster st, near Ellis. v
BOYS. 10 to 14 years, to distribute - circulars,
f. Room 21. 1230 Market St. • , ¦ ¦ » . .---• ¦ ¦ .
YOUNG men wanted to go whaling; no expe-
rience required. L. N LEVY, Battery and
:i Jackson sts. ¦-, ' - .
BARBERS — 2-chalr barber shop for 'sale; liv-
ing-room In rear; price $150." Address box
;'' 4173. Call office. '¦,-.-' - > ¦ "
WELL located 2-chair barber shop, rent- $8,
• $75; leaving city. Address box 4179, Call.
WANTED— Young man who has ', had experi-
ence at office work; must be good at figures;
, first-class local references required. Apply
at HALE.BjROS.'
WANTED— Experienced domestic salesman.
Apply between 8 and 11 a. m. at HALE
BROS.' ',' , •
WANTED — Sober, j reliable . young I man with
some' cash; no experience necessary; $13 to
$15 week; steady place. Brown. 1221. Market
WANTED — Young man' with $90; tend cash,
restaurant; $40 month. BROWN, 1221 Market
YOUNG men, blacksmiths, 'carpenters and sea-
men for ships at HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart at
WANTED — First-class , ladies' tailor; steady
. - work ; $25 a week. P. VERDIER, 984 Geary.
EXPERIENCED ! under presser on vests. Ap-
• • ply & N; WOOD & CO., 27, Geary st - -
AT 630, Market st. — Ex-soldiera to file extra pay
claims, etc. 1 O. E. HOWE. , .
WANTED— Experienced domestic salesman.
Apply, box 3703. Call office.
WANTED— Young or middle-aged . man ¦ Vwlth
-push, ability,- office 'experience and capital
to take ¦• a position,, in office and learn the
.-management of. the business; only responsl-
- ble party need apply; can Invest money and
become *. member c^f ¦ firm : later ,'on if vthey
. choose. 1 Box 4163, Call office. ." *
SHIPPED ¦ free ' every day — Four-horse ' scraper
men " and -laborers L wanted " for .' railroad con-
tract. ¦ Wadsworth, : Nev. ; wages, $2 per day;
i board $5 25 - per ' 'week; $2 * deposit ' required ;
company will refund same after 26 days. - E.
: : B. & A; L. STONE CO., 900 Broadway, Oak-
¦'¦¦ land, Cal. •!'.' .
WANTED — Recruits, for the . marine, corps, -U.
. S. ¦ navy; able-bodied, unmarried men' of good
, character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
' • . less than 5-feet 4 Inches and not over 6 feet 1
Inch; able to speak an'i' read English. -For
further Information arr>ly at the Recruiting
'.Ofnce,;40 Ellis st, San Francisco. •¦* --^ i
WANTED-^Young man about 30 years of age
. for ¦ office ; work ; ; must - be good at . • figures ;
-. first-class reference, required; state - expert
'., ence and salary, expected. -. Address box 7400,
,\ Call offlqe. - . .,.--• • •; "- ¦¦'."?:
MEN ;tb learn barber trade: barbers in demand;
only ' requires 8 weeks; tools donated ; cata-
logue, free. ;MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE,
,* 635; Clay, st..-.- .:.-:,..' ¦-, ]. .
WANTED— First-class drees : goods .. salesman
• - and I silk salesman; state age, . experience and
I salary, expected. - Apply ' box 8704, ¦ .
HELP "WANTED— -MALE— Con.
AT C. R.{ HANSEN & CO.'S:...104 Geary st.
1 New Railroad Work...... '....Free Fare-
For Nevada
Gang of teamsters ..?2ji day
.;. For Chatsworth Park
Gang of tunnelmen, headermen, cornermen,
drillers and muckers -....$2 to $2 50 a day
:... Ship Dally
Free fare :.....Free fare
Gang: of. laborers for section w«rk and extra
, gangs Free far 9
2 hostlers" for hotel stable, flrst-class coun-
try hotel country, $30 and found: fare paid;
Scandinavian . or German man about place,
$30; gardener for nursery, country. $25; farm-
ers, tie makers and others :
.... HOTEL DEPARTMENT
- Broiler and roast cook, . country hotel., $75;
Bilverman, country hotel, $30 and found, fare
¦paid; porter, country hotel. $20. see party
here; barkeeper, city. $50; fry cook, country-
hotel. $35; 2 dishwashers, country hotel, $25;
oyster cook, city, $45 • #••••
2 Janitors, city. $25 / and found
C. R. HANSEN & CO...... 104 Geary st
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st; 150 larga
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED — Men to lea'rn barber trade; eight
sweeka ;. tools donated; situation guaranteed:
catalogue mailed free; discount this month.
Gordon's Barber College, Loa Angeles. Cal.
WANTED— 50 men to take lodging InXam-
brldge House. 543 Howard: changed hands.
GOOD all around shoemaker; bring bench tool*.
1320 Park st. Alameda. '
COATMAKER for country. Apply REISS
BROS. & CO.. 24 Sntter st .-
EXTRA pay now due U. S. Volunteers. Call
or write Sherwood, pension atty.. 624 Market.
500 MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army shoes.
COc up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard st. nr. Sth.
YOUNG men to learn barber trade: catalogue
mailed. S. F. Barber College. 741A Howard.
PENSION atty., E. A. Bullls. 3. 40, Phelan
big. Past Com. Oeo. H. Thomas Post, G. A. R.
SAILORS, ordinary, for ships for all parts of
the world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
¦ , price. 563 Mission st, bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GET your shoes half -soled while waiting; 25a
to 60c. 563 Mission st. bet, lst/nd 2d sts.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket — 200 rooms, 25c night; reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st ¦ - ¦ ¦ ».«•.¦
HORSES AND WAGONS.
CHESTNUT driving team of mares, aged T
years, sired by Reno Prince; very gentle,
' stylish, perfectly fearless, free from vice and
need no. boots; broke, single; easy to drive;
price very low. Apply to WM. G. LAYNG,
Occidental Horse Exchange, 721 Howard St.,
near Third. ¦ ¦
A LOT of horses for sale at Arcade Horse
Market, 327 Sixth st; also buggies, wagons,
harness, ,etc ; auction sales every Wednesday
at 11 a. m. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
CONSTANTLY on hand and for sale* or trade,
well broken carriage, wagon, work and driv-
ing horses of all grades, sizes and style.
Santa Clara Milk Co.. 721-723 Howard st >
HEAVY double team; strong almost new plat-
form wagon. 16 feet long; suitable wholesale
house; heavy expressing. Owner, -8 to 9 a.
m., 1A Seventh st
DON'T buy new or second-hand wagons until
you eee our stock buggies, $10 up; wagons.
$15: surries. $25; largest stock; lowest prices.
2170 Market st. .,
SAN ROSA saleyard — Horses, harness and bug-
gies bought and sold; new stock always on
hand. 1499 Market et., corner Eleventh.
FOR SALE — Cheap; elegant— ladies' driving
horse; can be seen at PETERS' Stable. 1314
Grove st, near Devisadero.
FOR SALE — At a bargain: fine business horse
and buggy. See at PETERS' ¦ Stable. 1314
Grove St.. near Devisadero.
SAN Francisco Veterinary College. Fourth ses-
sion begins June 9. Catalogues by applying to
M. L. FANCOAST. Sec, 510 Golden Gate ave.
Largest stock 2d-hand wagons, buckboard, sur-
rey.harness. work. driving horses. ISth&Valencia.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st
FOR sale — Small livery stable; price $1600.
Apply 445 Valencia st.
2 BUSINESS buggies, good as new; a. bargain.
1370 Turk st.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single: also light
camping wagon for sale cheap. ¦ B.T2 Mission.
. HOUSES TO LET. - _~
A — PRINTED list houses to let; send' for ctr- I
cular. O. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
$47 B0 — HOUSE of 8 rooms; large basement and
large yard. 1613 Bush st. near Franklin. ,
HOUSES FOR SALE. ~~~
NEW sunny house, 7 rooms; large basement:
yard; fine location; Portola. off Waller, bet.
Pierce and Stelner. Geo. Moore. 63 Portola. ¦
HYGIENIC HAIR TREATMENT^"""
MRS. HARTLAND renews thin, faded and
lusterless hair; removes dandruff; has treated
baldness with great success; free consul ta-
tlon. Room 39. Llebeg building. 139 Post
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST — Sunday. March 9. between Franklin
and Pine sts. and St Mary's Cathedral, la-
dles' gold watch and'fleur de 11s pin; watch
: small, satin finish, set with diamond; mono-
gram. Return to 1605 Franklin st; reward.
LOST — A bunch of keys, Monday, on Polk st.
between Bush and California. Finder kindly
return to 1306 Polk st and receive reward.
LOST — On Saturday night pair, of opera
glasses; liberal reward. I*. SHORES, 657
Bush st. - . B
LOST — Gold locket, diamond center; Initials J.
H. W. ; reward. M. SYLVIA. 29 Battery st
LOST — Gold Elgin watch; valued as keepsake.
Return to 238% Oak st. and receive reward;
monogram B. C. G.
LADIES' gold brooch, Sunday, on Alameda
Piedmont cars; reward. Address box 4200
- Call office.
LOST — Small open-face gold watch, blue-enam-
eled back, in chamois cover. Return to 822
'Alvarado St.; reward.
FOUND— Small purse containing sum of money
at 15th and Market. Apply 3435A Sixteenth.
IT will pay to "Remember" that th<» Califor-
nia Watch Case Co.,220 Sutter st, needs old
gold and silver to make new watch cases.
MATRIMONIAL.
MARRIAGE bureau; est 1887: reliable and
confidential; lists 10c. Mrs. Hertz. 706 Ellis.
_ MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS.
TO ordeV, also cleaned and sterilized uphol-
. stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS., 411 to 415 Powell
st; tel. Bush 421.
Brass, iron, beds; mattresses; pillows; window
shades. J.F.Hotter. 712 Mission ;-teL Main 730.
-— - — — — '
A— DR. CDONNELL. world-renowned «pecial-
. 1st — Ladles, all who are sick or In trouble,
consult the specialist on female complaints;
menstrual female complaints positively cor-
rected; the unrortunate ffelped; relief in all
cabes taken; the most difficult cases treated;
have relieved thousands of . most • obstinate
cases; free, confidential advice on all subjects
of a delicate nature; by consulting him save
: time and money. DR. G. W. CDONNELL.
office and residence 1018 Market, opp. Fifth.
MRS. D. WYETH— Reliable ladles' specialist-
30 years' experience; instant relief guaran-
teed; home before and during confinement-
Infants adopted. 410 O'Farrell, near Taylor
MRS. KOHL, speclallsr. 410 O'Farrell at *
LADIES, consult the original MRS. DAVIES
at the old office, 1228 Market st; 30 years'
experience in obstetric and other cases.
MRS. D. . GOODWIN, ladles' physician ; 23
years' successful, experience In S. F. Ma-
ternity Home, 906 Market st, op 4th; fee low
HINDOOHERB and MRS. DAVIES' original
method of treatment; maternity. home; homo
In confinement 1126 Market St.. S. F.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable ladles 7
specialist; a private home before and durlns
confinement; best medical care; low fees. •
DR. ROSEN, ladles'.; reliable and sincere' sne-
i - clallst. 1007% Market: avoid delay ; .$10.
DR. NG TOY KEE. 210 Stockton sf, opposite
; . - Union square: all diseases cured by herbs. -
."- *. ~- MISCELLANEOlJSi-FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery Me'rv*'
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont"" '
35 ' H. • P. economizer boiler and 30 H P en-
gine, $400; 25 H. P.' boiler and enTine $"50-
' 2% -H. P., Oriental gasoline engine. I7V:
small boiler feed pump, $20. II S "whtttt-'
130-132 Beale st. - ... *U1*-,
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery., en-
-glnes, boilers, water Pipes, shafting Dulleva
- - etc. r WHITELAW. ¦ 253-255 Spear ft. PU " e>s »
BAR^ fixtures ; big stock ; installments;' billiard
• and pool tables ; easy terms or rented Th«
¦ Brunswlck-Balke-Collender Co., 052 Mlaslon?
PATENT on new. 'powerful and lleht enon™.-MONTMIII3Y, Onl,. March 10.—An,orillnani'a
lifiH Just !'•'•" I'liimril liy (lilt Moilliirey I'.nuitv
Mllpi'l'Vlnnrn »lnil I. nliur It." ii|."»i ir.ml rra--.ni
r»u« mniuh. t»y cimnninii Ha upfninif u«ita (rom
April 1 tu my I.
DKNVKIl, Oolo., Mnrch lO.T-flomi^ dim.
culty 1« wncouiuorofl by Mr«. "\V, A.
Woodwotth In provlrtir ,thut lior huatmnd
In donO, pritllmlnnry to collecting Itooo, tho
nmount of the trinumnco on hio nr«>.
"Woodworth win lost In tho wreck of th*
Hlciiinm" Ulo Jmiflni nt tho mouth of thn
Golden Gnt« February 23. lOOl, iiih body
wn« nrvfi- recovered, nnd for thnt renanii
lcifnl prnqf of hln ili'uth |H dlfllcult to ab«
tuln, Thu prlnuipnl ovklontrw Introdurtsd
tn-iluy At tho hearing of. tho widow'* suit
In tho County Court wit" nn affltiavit by
Dr. Arthur A. O'Nolll of Hnn Krnnoli 0,
iictliifr nhln riurii.nii of tho Hlo Jnnetm,
nnd ano nf thoiin nnv^d from the wreck.
Dr, O'Nflll <1cp(n«d that nn iiirireon ha
wna required to cxamlnQ avery panHenRtn*
who who uli.iiml tho ahlp, that h« i-xurn
liiril Woiiuworih tit lliuiniulii nnd becurnu
liiilnmtfly uctiiittliittii with him on tha
voyngo, thnt If Wnodwnrth'R ' Imtly hud
ntim fonntl'ho would Imva brnn ithlo to
tiluntlfy Iti lint It wiih inner fuund,
WIDOW OF RIO VICTIM
SUES FOR INSURANCE
IVIvo. Woodworth 1» Eacparlenehig
Great Difficulty in Trovlnp That
' Her. Huiband Was Browned.
FLOW OF RIVERS.
Following la a comparative statement of the
estimated flow of certain California river* In
cubic feet per areond, or second feet, one aecond
foot equaUng CO California miner' h Inelien, or
about 40 Colorado mlner'a Inrtiea. The rtnurfs
are from J, U. Llpplncott, hydrographer ot the
Unlt*4 Htiit<8 Qeoloslca.1 Survey;
TIJLB uivEU AT McFAnivANPS JmiDQEJ
Second Fe«t.
DATE. •
1001. UMC.
Ft'V.ntnry 2.1.....,.*.. 101
KtliHUU')' i!l I"!'
I'Vl.m.'try '.•:•.. I is
Fdbrunry S!U HU.1
I'VliMiui-y "J". 1410
February !M 19*8
M arch__l .... .jj_. 22')
K 1 N OH~ h I V i"l t AT~HliI> MOU NTAtN.
*~ Hecond" K»et.
DA TB.
1001. 1002.
February 2.1 ....?... -INTO 72S
1'cbiuary U4 t'.Bao H7«
February 2(5 40m) 1100
Kebrunry 20 4.100 2«C2
February 27 !«>2n 2(KI4
February 28 3020 Mill
March 1 • • ; •_• >• ¦ 4:too 1170
TUOL.UMNB mvnn at la grange.
I Second Feet.
1001. 1002.
February 2-1 W.G80 M00
February 21 * 15.400 ¦ 1740
February !tf> , ».!W»0 2300
February 2C \ 7,720 • filSll
February 27 7,070 (H15
February 28 6.745 «000
March 1 rr.'r: .-;.%».>..: 7.070 2 tOO
SACRAMENTO K1VER AT JELL.YS FERRY.
• ' Second Feet.
( 1901. 1002.
February 2.5.. 81.420 71,680
Februa ry 24 « 75,520 147,420
February 23 (tt.OCO • 1 12,8CO<
February 2(1 B0,4.«) 121.(1*10
February 27 01.100 103,640
February US ,48,880 72,320
March 1 4U.1C0 Ul,H(td
¦ m m ¦ i.<
HOTEL" ARRIVALS.
NEW WBSTEIIN HOTEL.
R n Hta.roi<ke, Iowa
Mrn C Johns, H Humi
T Wwley, Bt Loula
N Wllllnnw, Ban Jono
O Andornon, Deartwoml
n It HUM, Flnrlnton «
J II Hiimlilll. Cat
J Carroll, Utnh
.T KtiTiiun. lli>nver
P Mnraaal, Kirn* City
Mil* U Collpndtr, Ky
A Watson, Phlladol
Mra.T W Carter, Oakl
J H Hoetxel & w. Cal
M II Fletcher. Cnpltola
B A Oobl*. It HlchmU
K W McKsnnn, Valjo
A Johnnon, Vallcjo
It Dawxiin. Viillr-jo
J Mulroy. IiikW'mIiU
H C Ooodwln, mkton
Ariz., March 10.-News
comes from Tombstone of n daring rob
bery lnat Friday. While tho store of P.
I). Warnakrosii wan crowded with cus
tomers a man «ntar«d tha aide door, ad
vanced to the «nfe, which wn* open, and
took an envelope containing |70O In cur
rency, escaping before he could bo do>
mined. .
Daring Bobbery in Tombstone.
Dorn confessed to the officers. He mar»
ried hln Hrst wife In Oakland twelve x>ara
ago and tho second In San Francisco two
yeara ago. The records have been ob
talned and will bo used against him.
SAN JOSE, March 10.— C. E. Dorn, the
sclf-confpsBcd bigamist, Is to be prose*
cuted In San Francisco, where his second
marriage took place. The District At«
torney of L»os Angeles County has taken
an Interest in the case and he will have
the charge preferred against Dorn. Mrs.
Dorn No. 1. who resides In Los Angeles,
wants her husband prosecuted, but cannot
act because sh^ Is his lawful wife. Tho
second wife, who was brought here with
Dorn to serve neven days for beating a
hotel bill In GHroy, refuses to prosecute.
Complaint Against C. E. Dorn Will
* Bo Sworn To In San Fran*
v . . ; ' cisco»
CONFESSED BIGAMIST
WILL BE PROSECUTED
Tho r«part of ¦ th« Juta mill output
•howinl Una the convlctH wore now mak
ing 17,000 hiiKM a i!ny. The mill him been
running on short ftiirt and turning oui
dally 14,000, but from Mnrch 1 the long*
iliin- itcht'dule, 'from 0 it. m. to 4:30 p. m..
wan decided upon In order to fulfill the
yenrly capnelty of the plant, 6,000,000 bags.
There nr© new ordora on hand for more
thuti l,0uo,000 bags, or the entire output
of the milt up to August 22. The pries
for this yenr was fixed by the prison di«
rectors at »5 65 a hundred.
Peter McMahon, who wns sent up for
ten yenrs for burglary and has only threo
months to serve, wnn paroled.
BAN RAFAEL, March 10.— The State
Board of Prison Directors met In San
Quentln to-tluy. Ona parolo was granted,
others wore denied and an exhuumive re*
port on the jute mill huulnesi) was pre»
¦enied nnd examined.
Being Operated to Its Full
Capacity. ¦
San Quentin's Jute Mill Is Now
PKISON DIRECTORS GRANT . V
BUT A SINGLE PAROLE
STOCKTON, March 10.— A memorial to
Congress, petitioning that body to make
an appropriation of $255,816 for dredging
a diverting canal to preserve the naviga
tion of the San Joaquin River, was adopt
ed by the Stockton Chamber of Commerce
this evening. The memorial, after setting
forth the necessity of keeping the San
Joaquin River open to navigation, asserts
that the river for fifteen or twenty miles
below Stockton is navigable only for nat
bottomed steamboats of small draught,
by. reason of the shoals which are yearly
deposited by small streams emptying into
*hat section of the river. The proposed
diverting canal is intended to take the
waters of sloughs and small streams
where they are encountered east of Stock
ton, carry them around the city and
empty them into the San Joaauin River
thirty miles below this city, where the
stream is so deep and broad that ttu>
debris would do little if any damage.
Stockton Chamber of Commerce La
boring to Keep the San Joaquin
Navigable.'
APPEALS TO CONGRESS
FOR A DIVERTING CANAL
Alexander Murray Garland to Leona A. Gar
land (single), lot on 8W line of Central ave
nue (as same formerly existed) and L/afayette
street. W 37:6 by 8 115. block 2. Map Bartlett
FUty-Aere Tract. Alameda; $10.
Amanda L. and Harry Anderaon to Henry
H. McPlke, lot on N line of Forest street, 50
W of Capp, N 170.30. etc. E 62.22, S 170.30,
W 50. lot 49, Map Forest Park Tract, Brook
lyn Township; $10.
Charles \V. Carter to Annie Burbank (wife
of Louis), lot on NE corner of Raymond and
Prince streets. N 100 by E 75, being a portion
of lots 18 and 10 block B, map portion Wool
sey Tract, Berkeley; $5.
Katie L. Fitz and G. L. Fitz (and as attor
ney) to I-.. A. Canepa, lot on E line of Eighth
street, 184 S of Channlng way. E 130. S 7.C9.
W 130, N O inches to* beginning, block 130,
Corrected Map Avery Tract, Berkeley; $25.
MARCH 10, 1002.
Michael Carney to Mrs. Elizabeth J. Dolan,
lot 4(1. block tWO, Oakland; $100.
George W. Austin (single) to Samuel H.
Glbbs, lot 42, Map Austin Park; $10. .
Klmball . O. and Katherlne O. Easton to
Geortce 8. Evans, lot on 8 line Of Hobart
street, ISO \V of Telegraph avenue (as prior
to widening), W 4D by S 118, Oakland; $10.
R. A. Seeds (single) to.C. H. Daly, lot on
N corner of East Twenty-second, street and
Eleventh avenue. NW15W by NE 130, block
138, Clinton, East Oakland? $10.
H B and Susie L.. Belden (wife) to same,
lot on E corner of East Twenty-second street
arid Ninth avenue, NE 300 by SE 300. Wock
1TO. same, subject to mortgage. East Oak-
a "'irginla R. Dlngee and William J. Dlngee
(and as attorney) to Flora A. Morrlll, lots 1J
to 122 and 25 to 28, block C, Map gather Tract,
Oakland Township; $10.
Jan« and Frank Hill to Flora A. Meyer (wife
of Adolph) lot on N line of Blake street, 100
W of Kulton, W 50 by N 135, lot 24, Map
Steele Tract, in map portion plat CO, Kancho
V.- and D. Peralta, Berkeley; $10.
Katie L. Fitz and G. I* Fitz (and as attor
ney) to Sarah" L,. White twlfe of Albert VV\),
lots 1 and 2. block C, Map Fruitvale Station
Tract, quitclaim deed, Brooklyn Township; $5.
Same to John Schneider (single), let 26, block
C Map Gasklll Tract, quitclaim deed, Oak
la'nd; $5. - „, .
Elizabeth Plepenburg to Augusto Plepenburg,
lot on S line of Railroad avenue, 103:3 W of
Adeline street, W 60 by S 109:2, lots 22 and
23, block 4SS. Map No. 2, Brlggs Tract, Oak
land; gift. ¦
Albert B. and Josephine Smith (by Charles
H. Smith, their attorney) to Kitty R. Smith,
undivided one-third interest and all interest
in lot on W line of Halleck street, 175 3 of
Park avenue, W 225, S S5O, E 433, N 625.
being a portion of subdivision plat «, Rancho
V. and V. Peralta, being also on map of prop
erty of J. S. Emery. Oakland; $3000..
- William F. and Annie E. Dolan (wife) to
Michael McCarthy, beginning at a point 120
N . of Alcatraz avenue on line drawn at right
angles to same from point on N line thereof,
488:3 E of Shattuck avenue, E 40 by N 120,
being a portion of Vicente Peralta'B Reserve,
Oakland; $10.
Elizabeth S. Merrlam (widow) .to Bessie B.
Merriam (single), lots 1. 2, 7. 10. 11 and 13,
Map E. W. Woodward's subdivision of lot 10
of Dunnlgan Tract, in plat 43, V. and D. Per
alta, etc.. Oakland; gift.
Mary E. Skilllng to Henry H. Skllllng- (sin
gle) and Minnie S. LeWer (wife of W. H.)
(children.- equal Shares), lots 20 and 27, block
A. lot 2, block F, Broadway ! Terrace Tract,
Oakland Township; also lot on N line of Nine
teenth street, 30 E of Union. E 55 by N 110,
being E 25 feet of lot- 44 and all of lot 43,
Map Subdivision Surryhne Tract, Oakland;
gift.
Alameda County.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
The Kona Sugar Company failure 13 the
only one of the kind that has occurred
here. The stock is largely held locally,
and there is much interest in the event
ual outcome. Expensive labor troubles
and a tight money market are the causes,
as the plantation la understood to be In
such condition that it could eventually
prosper if tided over the present difficulty.
The petition for an order to sell the
property was denied by Judga Hum
phreys, as it was opposed by ail parties
interested. The Judge authorized the re
ceiver to take such steps and employ such
assistance as Is necessary to preserve the
property. In the meantime the Creditors,
stockholders and agents of the Kona
Sugar Company are trying to make an
arrangement whereby the plantation can
be worked and the crop of sugar mar
keted.
After his appointment the receiver made
a trip to Ivona to look over the situation
in company with a member of the firm
of Brewer & Co., the firm having under
consideration a proposition to loan (200.0C9
to the plantation to carry It along until
the crop Is harvested, when it is thought
the plantation would be out of difficulty.
The arrangement fell througn, however,
and after trying to secure the money else
where -Wundenbcrg decided that the
plantation must be closed down and all
the property sold at once. Manager
James Cowan has written to the receiver
to the effect that if something Is not
quickly done to satisfy: the Japanese there
is danger of serious trouble with them.
They have been holding meetings and
acting in a threatening manner. '4 he men
are practicany destitute, and It is said
that they have. not been paid their wages
for four or five months past. A few days
ago they called on the manager in a body
and demanded from him written state
ments of the amounts due them. Cowan
asks that the Japanese Consul at Hono
lulu be asked to use his influence to con
vince the men that they will have their
rights when the courts act. '
HONOLULU, March 3.— Fred Wunden
berg, who was recently appolntefl re
ceiver of the Kona plantation, to-day pe
titioned the First Circuit Court for an
order to sell the plantation, having failed
to get the money necessary to carry it
on. The refusal of local capitalists to
take up the proposition has developed a
serious situation' at Kona. where there
are hundreds of laborers clamoring for
pay due them and threatening ' to burn
the mill and set lire to the growing crop
of cane.' valued at about J200.QOO.
Plantation Is in Hands of a
Receiver and the Men
. Want Their Pay.
Threaten to Burn Sugar
Mill and Destroy the
Growibg Cane.
JAPANESE HELP
IN ANGRY MOOD
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MARCH 11, 1902.
11
storage: and warehouses.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co..
office Post and Powell sts.: tel. Main 5713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse, 840 Mis-
slon St.; tel. Howard 041. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 630 Market St.;
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 23gQ Flllmore St.: phone Jackson 281.
•PROPOSALS. n n
NOTICE TO CONTKACTORS— Offleo of th»
Veterana' Home of California, room 13. 820
Eansome st.. San Franclaco, Cal.— Under and
In pursuance to an act rntltled "An act to
provide for the erection of a modern hospital
building for the Veterana' Home, located at
. Tountville, Napa County, Cal.," and appro-
priating $25,000 therefor (approved March
26, 1901, Statutes 1001. pass 823). and In
accordance with the resolution of the board
cf dlrectora of the Veterans' Home of Call.
fornla. adopted October 12, 1001. the board
of director* ot the Veterana' Home of Cali-
fornia hereby invites and advertises for
aealeii proposal* for furnishing the matertala
«nd performing tue labor for the erection
and construction of raid hospital building, at
tne said Veterans' Home at Yountvllle, Nara
County, In accordance with the plans, de.
serlptlons, bills and rpeclflcatlona. prepared
therefor by George T. de Colmesnll, archi-
tect; and that contracta based upon such
tcaled proporala will be let, made and en-
tered Into; fald plans, descriptions, bills and
(peclflcatlona can bs seen and examined be-
tween the hours of 0 a. m. and 5 o'clock p.
ni. of each and every business day, from
the date hereof to the date ot aald contract
«r contract*, at the offlre of tha fald di-
rectors of aald Veterana' Home, room 18,
820 Eansomn at.; Ban Francisco, Cal.
Beparate bids will be received and separata
contracts let and entered Into as herein
above set forth, for each of thft followlnn
parts of raid building, erection or structure,
Including the furnishing of labor and ma.
tertala necessary therefor, aa required by an
act entitled "An act to regulate contracts
en behalf or tiie State in relation to erection
of bulldlnss" (approved March 23, 1870.
r-tatutei 1875-fl. page 427). and i the acts
amendatory thereof, that Is to say lor tha
following parts, namely:
First, for the masonry work. Including all
brick, stone, terra cotta and concrete work.
Eecond, for the carpenter, plastering;, elec-
tric and glazing work.
Third, for the plumbing work.
Fourth, for the heating work.
Fifth, for the tinning, galvanized Iron and
flattn? work, and ¦
Flxth. for th» painting and graining.
EaM work as herein provided for cimprla-
Intc the administration block, and the two
front wards as shown on aald plans, descrip-
tions, bills and specifications, Including the
furnishing of materials and the necessary
labor therefor.
The work is to be done tinder the *uper-
vlticn and direction of Isaac H. Small and
the buildings and ground's and the hospital
committees of said Veterans' Home, acting
for and on the behalf of Its eald board of
61 rectors.
A separate contract will be le't for as many
ilfferent kinds of work an are herelnabove
rpeclfled. No bid or proposal will be received
cr considered unless accompanied with a good
and sufficient bond of said proposer or bid-
der, equal to 10 per cent of his proposal or
bid, with sufficient sureties, conditioned that
If tald proposal or bid shall be accepted the
party propoctng or bidding will duly enter
into a proper contract and faithful!/ perform
his or their contract or contracts, in accord-
ance with said proposal or bid. and the plana,
descriptions, bills and specifications, which
ere hereby. made a part cf this notice aud
ef any contract to be let hereafter.
Eald sealed bids or proposals must be de-
livered to the said directors of the Veterans'
Home of California, cr .r the secretary there-
of, at the office of laM directors, room 13.
R20 Saneime st.. In the city and county of
Fan Francisco. Ftnte ot California, on or
before the hour of l:C0 p. m. of the twenty-
recond day of March. 1002. which Is hereby
Ceslgnated as the time and place where the
raid sealed bids or proposals win be opened
by the said directors ot the Eald Veterana'
Home, and eald contracts let and made.
Tf in the opinion of «nid board of directors
of the Fald Veterans! Home the acceptance
«f the lowest of said sealed bids, or proposal*
*he.ll not he for the best interests of the
Fts.te, fald board of directors hereby reserves
ihe r!ght>4o accept any of Raid bids or pro-
jv!sa'.s opened ns In their opinion may be for
the b^st Interests ot the State, under and in
opccrdance with and as provided by the terms
cf section 4 of the said act entitled, "An
act to ree^jlata contract* on behalf of the
Btate In relation t« erection and buildings"
•approved March 23. 1870. Statutes 1875-C
page 427). or to reject any or all of aald
realed bids or proposal!..
For further information and particulars
biddln&r contractors are hereby referred to
the secretary of the. board of director* of said
Veterans' Home, at the office of said board
cf directors, us hereinabove set forth.
By order of the board of directors of tha
Veterans' Home of California.
J. J. fcCOVlLLE. Secretary.
Datori .February 10. 1002."
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
William Dunlap. 28, San Jose, and Mary
Mullen. 22, San Jose.
Henry I. Porter, 25, city, and Sadie Bryant,
21. city.
Daniel S. Kyser. 49, Napa, Cal.. and Laura
A. Nichols, 42, 1510 Masonic avenue.
Kmlle J. Zlmmer, 31, city, and Helen M.
Wlsmcr, 20, city.
Henry It. Davles, 37, Ferndale, Cal., and
Louise Allen. SI; Eureka, Cal.
Samuel J. Hens, 20, Occidental Hotel, and
Glendolen H. Talbot, 21, Poland, N. V.
Louis It. Labarthe, 27, 231 Montgomery ave-
nue, and Julie Kountra, 22. city.
John 15. Nygren, 4-4, .'HO Montgomery avenue,
anil Marearet Fowler, 4(>, 310 Montgomery ave,
Antonio Navono, aa, Oakland, nnd Anglolln*
Cslandrl. ?!5, city.
BIRTH^— MARRIAOES— DEATHST""
lilrili. iiinrrlnci- and death notices sent I.,-
mnll will not ho InNorted. They must ho hanfled
In at either uf il»« nulillrutlon ofrWa ami l»i
l»ilornr.l with ill" MiniH' nnd rrslilenro nf per-
sona authorized tu have the same published.
BORN.
ULEADON— In this city, March 7, l!)02, to thi
wife of f\ J(. lilrii.itiii. a son.
C0U>MllAT— In this city. February 22, M02,
to tho wife nf ll.ury Colombia, u daughter.
DOIl— In thin city, Krhmary an, lwi, to tho
wir« of cuu.l" L> d'Or, a son.
CMAVK8— In this city, Kobrunry 27. 1002, to
tho wife nf K. A. Orwven, n (iniiKhter.
MAHEIED. ~~
AftBOTT— GRAHAM— In Elfnhurst, Cal., Feb-
ruary 22. 10U2, by the Itev. E. li. Clark,
Guy Elmer Abbott and Ueatrlco Graham,
both of Elmhurst.
ANDUE8BN— MtJNIv — In Lorin. Herkeley
March H. l!Mi2. by the Itev. Mr. Lange, 1'eter
Andrepen and Cora K. Munk.
WARUKN— HOOI'ER— In Fan Rafael, Cal*
March 5. UK)?, fit the First Prenbyterlan
Church, by the Rev. Mr. James, Harry K.
¦\Ynrren . and Jennie Hooper, both of San
Francisco.
Allen! Gertrude lvew. Frances T
Danchlero, John Jacobs, Henry E.
lterclay, Mary E. Jenninr.8, Ellen
• Harlow. Catherine L. Kaucher, John
Urlndle, William 8. Kroger, Chrlstoffer
Carroll. WIMIam \V. Kunst, Annie
Ccrbctt. Huch Lancaster. Thomaa
Day. Thomas 8. Leslie Lottie
Kfigtman, Iluby 1^-wIh, Mary E.
Knclund, Anton L. Lucas, John W.
Frcurlenthal. Cecelia Mathews, William A
Olanola, Loula Mulloy, Chnrles A.
Oraham, Harah C. Newman, Henry
Orlfflth, Edwin L. Powers, Kllzabuth
HanucheU, Jose J. Hchrtelle, LouU
lUtri'tt, Frank Holtwedel. Henry
Jlngan, Ainalln D. . Thrane, Mary .• " v \
Isaacs. Holomun
AI«IjKN— In thin city, Mnrch 10, 1002, O«r-
jiudD, biloved (laughter nf w, jj. nn<1 ll?|fin
Allen, w nutivo of Knjrlund, n^cd 'ih yeani
and 7 monthf,
B^Thc funoral will IhIco plueo to-day
(Tuesday), nt II:1B o'clock, from the rusidf-noo
nf Colonul I*. 1'eyton. 21','lt California iitrret,
thenco to HI, 1 sun! In h (,'hurch, whara' u re-
•|iil«m nnn will I... ••.•loi.nit.c.l for Hip rnpono
of hfr *wul at 10 o'clock. Intrrmnnt prlvatu.
IlAKCHinnO— In thi? City Am) (.'minty JFotml.
tul, March it, Urn;*, John Hon<!hU-ro. n na.
tlve of Italy. m;ort (1 ypitm,
H E N I R Y j7 C A LL A CHiiTca
rU.VKltAI, UJJUCCTOMM AND KMIIALMEIW.
•0 Fifth »t., optioKtit Lincoln liuhuol,
_«__ — -""A 1 '!' 1 '-"* Houtn Ro '
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
NRATtKBT TIIK CITY.
Office, 916 Market Stroot.
Tfllciihono Hush 1IQT,
NEW FIFTM OF UNDERTAKERS.
Bamurl McKadden, IN yrara manognr for
tho United Un<1ertuk»ra' Aaaoelatlon. M. .1
M./lr.-arl;-. '.Vllh tha umo ••niniuiiiy for IS
ypsrxj v, K. orem, lata with ,t, o, O'Con-
nor A Co,. n4va. oprn«<1 nnw FunrrAl Par-
lor* at 1171 MlNNlnu utreot, liniwri-n bovaiith
b ml Klithth, T>l»phon« Bouth 44,
CHAS. H.J.TRUMAN & CO..
Kunrrul Director* and Ijmbalmers, ¦
Now Occupy Their Own iiui'ding,
IDOD Mlsilon shunt, between )Cth and tilth,
Tal»|itmnjt_ Mission 10l>,
(.JAMiiS IVlclilNN^ I
I'.iiiiiinly wim Miillnri Urns,, hns (inanad I
new I'lin.Miil I'm Idi h nt UU IM.Iy at., liu'.. I
Tiivlur and .Innes, Teixiinnne Mmilh nil, I
AXP STORES TO LET.
E fic^ Ji^?, C ? ELS bld *" 027 Market at.; of-
f,'?*'* »£ht. heat and janitor. US to $20.
AEHTON & GARDINER.
r 'tS[r iC V S "- >8 ' near Sansomo— Handsome large
store; cheap. ( "
SCNN Y offices just below Kearny at.. $10;
also large storg. Keyg <giO Clay at., room 1.
__^ OIL.
OIL tanks. 2nd-hnnd, In pood order; all Blzes:
cheap. H. S. WHITE. 130-132 Beale at
I^*£JVTE11S^ AXJO^O E CO II. ATO US.
FlItST-CLASS work: low rjaesTeeTfiKuree." Y.
C. ItOSlAlXE. C*0 O. Q. ave.; tel. Polk 1423.
PAPERING room, walls. $1 60; painting. $1;
whitening. 75c. Pair.tfr. 315 Golden Gate av.
PALMISTRY.
Mf;S. 13. l'EARCE. fccTMUifiTlSuiiln^tB^paJmlstl
parlora 12 and 13. The Vendome. 1104 Market
at.; houra from a a. m. to 10 p. m.
WHS. II. EUenwood, •elentlfle palmist and Ufa
reading; a a.m.,0 p.m. 483 Geary, cor. Taylor.
WMK. O. L. NEERGAAIID reada 1 to 4. 700
Post at., corner of Jones: phone Polk 837.
>*¦ JKKOME KOSicuui. pclentlflc palmln. 515
Taylor «t.. bet. Geary and Pout: trl.m^t-k H'.l.
l'.VHTMCIlS WANTKI)]
PAltTNCnSHIH JntcrctiPln wholcaale^JobbTni
aind manufacturinK bUMlnean, vrrll rvtab-
tlfhrd; romjx>t*nt bualnena man necraaary to
. take active part; ruuital required, $10 000 ta
V. Sin.Oon; fu'.l lnvcj;tlcatl(in; urlnclpals only.
ArtdtTKH Lux 4175, ("all office.
riSltSONALg.
CI-OKINO out my old warehouse on account of
removal; 2(mw sal«. old port and ulierry, fl
P«r iral.; canca chatniiacne. vintage *»5.
$J0 ver oase; 282 caae* of California cham-
J«Kne. »0 per case; Valnut Grove whisky.
$2 per cal ; very old Mcllraycr whisky. $i
jn-r gal.: 1100 bottlpa champagne, quarts 50c,
plntf. S5c; winra by barrel at reduced rau*.
JEIIDINAN-D HOLTIJM. r,17 California i>t..
phone Black :g>0; eatabllahed lSKfl. '
NOTICE TO ALL, MY CUSTOMERS— I have
openpj a new, nnp More for dry cleaning
works, imported lacre and «mbroldered linen
u. specialty, on 1027 I'olk et.. near Pacific
ave.; formerly Van Ness ave.. corner of i
. Bush at. Yours r*>*r*?eUully; MRB. J. DORA j
KIRCUKEU, nee Spindlcr; tel. Larkin 4013;
25 rears' experience.
AS elecant line of remnants for suits to order. '
S15; wi,th these suits we make an extra pair |
cf pants free of charpe; other suits on tr.j-tail- I
ments. $1 weekly. L. LEUOS, 1117 Market !
mt.. between Seventh and Eighth. > '
ELECTRIC light in every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Market: 700 rooms;
25c to $1 60 per night; $1 60 to $0 per week;
free 'bus end baggage to and from the feny.
WHY fraerr? You can be certain of style and
fit by usinr Standard Patterns; March pat-
ternf and The Designer now ready. J. %\".
EVANS. Domestic office. 1021 Market. nr.Cth.
A— WHAT da you think? O. BERMAN. «i
Ellis, make's colored shirts to order; $1 each;
e&rne as r.hite shirts; selection 300 patternr.
,. WHITE enamel iron beds, fir.gie, three-quarter
cr docHe, B2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. iy.o-1312 Stockton St.. near Broadway.
HAIR, rtrefising, any style, 25c; first-class sham-
poo. 50c; hair dried in 10 minutes; switches.
w».r.g. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton st.
AT less than cost, uncalled-for euits. overcoat*
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. Londca
tailor. 721 Market st.
Electrolytic removal cf mo'.es and tuperfluoua
Yiair: permanent; painless; free treatment;
work guaranteed. MIfs C. Dudley. 1702 Mlct.
A eohool to learn hairdresFlnE, hair work. mai> i
icarir.p. Manhattan Hair Ktore. 1702 Market, j
bet. Polk and Van Ness. MISS A. V. DOYLI3. I
A — IF your hair is falling or you are bald call c:i
Dr.C S.Mocre.a32Q'Farrell ; tend for circular.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY. 457 Minna ht. |
A. S. CHAEE Glimpele for sale cheap. F. L. |
. M. .S.
ilasquerade coKturr.es at H. Anderson's, theatri-
cal costumer. 20 O'Farrcll; caur.tr>' orders.
EJectris & tlectric-iight baths. BiMMce, hot air
treatment for rheumafrism.etc. 2-'« Geary.r.27.
EAPEST method; electric mafsare; ledies only;
5<V treatment. Ut free. Call, add. :»4»4 10th.
EL>ECTHIC needle epecialirts; superfluous hair
aV moles deistrcyed. Mrs. 11. Eaton. 427Sutttr.
SUPEKFLUOUS hair permanently removed by
electric needle. MRP. M. HARUIS. 42GSuUtr.
BtrPERFLi;OUS hair antf moles removed by
electric needle. Dr.&Mrs.Traverse.ll70 Market.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores Bray
hair to its natural color: 51; at all druggists.
ONT5 MINUTE TOOTHACHE DROPS CUKK
\ngtart'.y; loc and 25c. All druggists.
Mrs. BriKri — Superfluous ha;r. mole* dectroyrd
by electric needle. 061 Sutter: tel.Larkln"17!. j
MASQUERADE co^turr.^f. play books. v.iBt; J
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 7^1 ilkt. j
TAILOR-MADE milts. 17 50; dre5E runts. >2 50.
Mlsflt Clothing Parlor, cor. Hush and Dupont.
»JR LAMOTTE'S FRE NCH CflllS PAINT, the
be«t r.CT cure. S.V-; ell drucdetF.
CHEAPEST end be«t In America— The Weekly
• 'iili 10 ; :.ci -, aent to any ad'iresa In tha
l'i, '. .1 (1 <:ii... f.r i\,r...i1(i ,.n«. \.»nr t,:r tl.
ruv»iciA>» a>d slucro.xs.
ADSOLUTKL.V ntEE "COXKULTATION— AU
.Kr.i.n. «f nien and worftrn in-«ini «um '¦«¦•
jull}-. r*rri>ar# ell rnfliclnen myirlr. IjH.
1(jj1M:.\, ,-.. <; Ttiik n.. <•. m.-r JU».un,
A-lJR^JLrvTr«1™i'n^n71«dv"rh7»i^Un and
aurgpfin, at 1122 Morkn st.; hour* 10 tu H,
tilt r, 5 O'lHlXNELL— nttSf* and reolrtrnce.
l'tl'< Maikrt ri,. l.rt, Plxth and Seventh.
TVPEWniTISIlS AXD lUPPLIBii ~
anrAT iiAinsAiNs in tvpHwuitkus-vv*
i ;i i.' ¦.'' i ii i • ire « for Imn in. nry than any
lieu** In th» Hty: rrtttht* II. Th» Tyn^wMler
IJxrhwng*. tt'M California: telethon* Main siin.
U'EIUTCB Typpwrlter lni^jiectlon Cr>.— Expert
t r\ i»wrltrr 0ortnr>: »rt;rr.nt» fry g'tt Kan>f-ni».
Vi:AI. liSTATC—CIT V—KOH MALB.
Joseph kthavK
S'.ii ,.1-rK't at., corner Stockton.
Tel»:ihon« Grant 177.
fleal Estate A m in'*.
l'ropcrty Bouizht and Sold.
Rents otillected.
FOK rr»!e — Fine new MlsMun home; big let, 67x
1-0; 7 Toon 1 .* and liath; hrre'« a bargain; must
Le srld: worth P0<KW; infik" nn oftet ; t\.U-nVA
locallt% : giand view; car line? close. CONK-
LIN.' 1'ULLINGTON & CO.. 710 Market et.
2 LOTS. gOsriSO; cor. of A and Taylcr cts..
Colrr.a; rtaronaMe for caeh. Inquire 3U»
Heyea Bt.
BABQAIKi B-room hoi:f=r; sanitary iilumbing;
flnc rr.ler. 1711 Urcdrrlck ft., near Pine.
FOP. «r!e. r.t l^rcaln— Point Loboe ave. lots.
Adflrcr* Owner, box 417K. Call nfflce.
NEW houte. II !,-.rt:.- room* and bath; modrrn.
i;. r >s Han .lore gve. rorner Vail f y .
HEAL KXTATK— COt;XTKV— -For Solo
rOB feAl-E NUAIt KAN PBANCIBCO— ~:
Kmall tracts. $C(i to $'Jii per acre, on Ranchn
CutaM. !-i.ii'H!iH Co.; future valu« aaturcd. ai
Kan Krar.ci^co In Rrowlnjf rapidly; location
bt*t for iKultry nnd penrral farming. A^ply
to Tin- i'oiuii Co . ¦¦'-j California at., tor
l<am|ihlfta and Information.
A DESatMTIVE raUloaiif. |>ut.!lshfd Wfe'kTyT
fin> to tuyfra nnd s»-|irrs; accurately rla«
trrlijlnir all <-la«*rs uf country property, aftar a
¦.• •.¦•:!¦! ¦!•« !¦• 1 1 ii.n. for ruin nnd < xi'har.gn l>y
/Vr It BiriCEljS. tho I^tnd Agent. <: Oeary »t.
fK::ta «*lara Vall«-y. Can Jo«# nnd IVn'nsular
MuaeiUaa. «•'• WCXjKTKH. WHITT'JN A
MoNTi;oMi:nV. <tl« Market. H. F., A Han J.
pHorifioLB ortnfo. iMimn, prach und pruna
lst»a» to fcfll: rlKhl locol'ty, W« mnni-y; r-uy
• r*ym»nlji. HBALY A CAItlt. fl Eddy at.
LaTKjIC timber nnd mal r>pnn««ltlin: Conn May.
Want It? ICMMQNH ft WON._yUla m |>undjriK ;
A~w"EnJC*a1 n«wa~f7r"ft cent»-^-Tb# W»»kly Call.
in • » i- > ¦• in ¦¦ .n..i.r- f<.r iiimII'iii- Cl »¦¦ r v*ar.
in:iiivi:i.i:t iii.ai. ISSTATIS.
f3'r>0— FINK 3-story houno of 1 rooms; lot ook
IU; near U. C truunrts an-1 i-lilctrlo It. II.
fiatK^TWiUOX^aUUr wall buTlt houaa of •
room*: window .i,...i. ». mtnblnatton fixture*;
corner I<>1 1 ««r»ri work all done: cement aide-
walk; only -'¦, lilorks from station and 1
i it « t( (rum ¦ it . nit; railroad.
Uerk>l>y Htatlnn.
M8W t. i. .in. cottaaej bath, mantel, baacmauti
,.«r,,,i : ...inn I,.!. 4Uxl00; O.ilden Oata.
ir.uu im«i raah, balanca mnnthly; 4-room
rnttasc »¦""•: H " ' ' work dona; city waters
i' w. ml; i-.i bOilUU; Ashty nv» , ntnr Utrktlcy
train.
UTf.o-ir.f)fi rash, halanra flat loan. Parlflo
lloma Huii.iiriK company. KU Navada faiock,
fehn yranclanii,
tuiTAUIJ of T rrmma and liathj Inah ba»».
_ment ; easy paymrnia, Mtmixx.K, M« I'lna,
A 7WvMlCH "niwutor 5^>tnta-Tha Waekiy'Vall*'
in i-,-i. h, in wr«|>p»r tor nialjlnff, ft |»r >»•>•¦
hUHTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sautallta Perry
Commencing Msptsmbtr ?j, 1001.
rnou -an^a^ci i^jju, vaixk*
WEEK UAYB— Ui65, MM. "uiau, UsOOa. m..
•1:», ililA, *:i». A:in. *O:IA, uNft p. m . '
KXTHA TIlll'W— Vor Mill V*ll.y «mt *un
lluUtt on Mondays, W«dn«iduy« and Hutui-
uuvk at ui30 and 11:40 p. m.
HUNDAYM— 'NlW). •IO:tH), •Ul30a, m,, 'IMJ,
ana, •4:ift. tl:no, t»;30 p. to.
¦ 'fialns marked (•) run to tia.n Quantln.
|l«nOM HAJS HA KARL TO MAN KKANC18CO.
WKlCic »AT» T ;Bta». «:«7. TMO «;aa. iy.i»
a. in.. *l3:sn, S:in, *:i:3B. 4i40, AiilO p. m.
KXTI'.A TIUI'M on Mpntlaya. Wednea^y*
nnd rifiiurdnya nt OMft ui«U O.f.n p. in.
" n HlJNlMYrf 7 <l.in •KIW, •lOlOQT-ItiM 4. ».,
•li4o. •ilslo, <MS, *U:SO t>. in.
.. luiaw
KX^ilA Trtll'B on Mnmtaya, Wadneaday.
uiS (tMiurdu>» J'LTilu ami lO:ao p. m. °* y '
gUNDAYf"?:^, 10;u6 *. tn,, ia.05, Uilfl,
#:: 6l^ - ffli?bjrq.tTRAiK8. ' ¦
(I'M a. m, wmM il.iys-('a«.i.lflro and *ay
"''t'ii«""i. rn. Pnturdays^-Dunoan Mills and way
"'Viiiirii. m, Bundiys-^Dunwin Mills and wny
* 1f|/a;"V IMWay t"m» and U«ln« Will run an
RAILWAY TBAVEL.
ALAMEDA- ADVERTISEMENTS.
jlLAWEIU "^JK^S^^Sx^^w^
$lR00— LOT and cotUge of 5 rooms; $400 cash,
(15 per mSnth
S1140 — Corner lot, 38x120; Santa Clara ave.
and Sherman et.
$700 — Lot 30x110; Santa Clara are.; will
build on these lots on terms to suit. J. H.
YOUNG, builder, 12*3 Park Bt.. Alameda.
H. Q. MEHRTENS. 1520 Webster et., Ala-
meda.— Real estate property bought and sold;
rare bargaine this month; send for list;
hoTigea rented.
FRUITYALE ADVERTISEMENTS
PHCITVALE REAL ESTATE.
AN unparalleled opportunity: 200x130 feet. cor.
TVUaon ave. and Hopkins St.: 2 blocks from
2 street cars and public school: furnished cot-
tage cf 8 rooms; stable, chicken-house, pig-
eon cote, etc.; ornamental grounds; fruit
crchard; 20 minutes from Oakland or 1 hour
from B. F.: rent $35 a month; price $4000.
Aprly J Tl. FKEUD. Mills building, or IL
A. PT.FTTKFn. Frultval* Station.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 KHOADWAY.
OAKLAXH llBAIi ESTATE.
BUY BEFOKB THE RISE. ~~~
• liargalns Offered by
GEO. W. AUSTIN, 400 Tenth at., Oakland.
$1000 — Cozy cottage of 8 rooms, hot and cold
¦water, hall, porcelain sink, etc.; newly painted
I and pappred; aunny aide; atreet work and
walkx complete; near rars and achool; terms if
dMlrcd; No. 1743 Filbert st., near Twenty-
rlxth; go and see It to-day; owner will be
j there. ': '- #
$1000 — Choice vacant lot COxlSO. right on
Proadway. clore to the new Santa Fe route
' nnd terminal; elevated ground and choice
! building site; see It at once.
S30C0 — Elorant new home of 7 rooms; com-
! plete In every detail; lot 3. r ixl40 feet (note the
: else); sunny aide, right close to Grove at.
$7.'O — Choice building lot 40 feet front: 2 feet
[ above the -street grade: all street work com-
j plete; choice new location: surrounded by new,
j pretty homes; close to churchea. school and
I cars; property advancing- rapidly; this Is a
j snap; look it up to-day: Merrimac or Twenty-
! eighth st.. between Telegraph ave. and -Grove
' St.; terms can be arranged.
$6500 — Choice corner lot 00x110; the best in
Oakland for flats; close to narrow-gauge depot;
cottage 7 rooms there norr; a big bargain.
GEO. W. AUSTIN.
400 Tenth at.. Oakland.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly CalT
IB pap>g. in wrapper for mailing. $1 per year!
OAKLAXD^FXRXITLRE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE good and cheap this monthi'TC
SCHELLHAAS. 4C8 Eleventh Bt.. Oakland.
ROO3IS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
ARIEL and SOLAR flats, 625 and 531 Turk" *tT;
I first-class; new bldg.; housekeeping suites.
BELL. The. 1773 Market — Sunny parlor suite;
grate and kitchen, with gas range; $22 50.
FULTON. 671 — 2 furn. rooms, complete for
housekpg.; separate entrance; no children; $9.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 1202— Lower floor. 2
gunny front roome. with kitchen; gas range.
HYDE, 4OS — Sunny cuite, housekeeping, $16;
a 83 rear basement rooms, yard, laundry, $14.
LANGTON. 25<SV* — 3 sunny, nicely furnished
rooms for housekeeping; private family.
MISSION, 830—2 rooms for housekeeping, with
gas range.
i PAGE, 22 — One nice light housekeeping room
! partly furnished, $5; suitable for two.
SIXTH. 119A — (The Ptedmont)-^-! connecting
rooms furnished complete for housekeeping.
STOCKTON. 1200— Model house; fine new fur-
niture; single or double rooms; gas and bath.
TURK. 136—2 unfurnished rooms, connecting,
for housekeeping; 1 furn. room for- kousekpg.
VALENCIA. 191 — 2 large sunny rooms suita-
ble for housekeeping; newly furn.; bath; $12.
ROOMS TO LET — Fnrn. and Vntnrn.
AKGYLE~ HoteiTMi McAllister— New, elegant,
n;nnjr: 7&c day upward; rates by week or
month; McAllister cara to door; handsomest
r.riil room in California attached.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth— Rooms.
25c to 51 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
mist housekeeping rcoms; open all night.
Ul'KNKTT. 142B Market (old No. 13G4)— Fur-
nlehed rrn*.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
j CLIFFORD. 204 Kills, cor. Mason— Elegantly
i furnished Kiinny rooms; prices reasonable,
• EIjDY. 210— Elecant furnished back parlors;
buitable for mun and wife or 2 gentlemen..
EI-LIS. .'S21 (Mozart) — Nicely furnished rooma,
He. $1 r.i' nlzht; $1 SO, $u wk. : open all night.
FOLKOM. 2122 — Sunny bay-window suite rooms;
use of batb,
GEAUY, «G3 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnUh".
r.1 aultet and Mingle; travelers accommodated,
OKAN17 KOUTHEItN Hotel, 7th and Mission—
Family hem**; those requiring a quiet, orderly
hcni» at moderate rhat'K«^:*ult,sl]iele;r|ttvot.
HATES, 37»— Nice furnl»*h*d room for 1 or 2
Kcntlrmcn; private family,
31.HHIK, 'MX nr. Flftfl and Jfarket— Furnldhe.]
•iiwm 14 jn-r month; larg* ont> for 2, <3.
JErir5TlcT"nc:i. «-nat of V. H. Mint— Furnished
| rof>m, >4 and $."• per month.
MARTINET! 1101 Geary— Handaoma suUph;
private ball.*; newly furnlshod olnirta rooms.
Eighth— Nswly f»irTn7hed
nay-window roam, II per wp«k; transient.
Ni:\V ARLlNGTONTToTr. Market— Nicely fur-
ii^!h->i roorno: $2 a week up; <i&c a day up..
U'KAllitELL. an -t-unny furnished rooms and
offlrt-s; elevator, elec. lights: day, week, mo.
ri'I.K. ir.;;:i— iCxtra largi; front rooms; reason*
able; private; every home comfort.
POST. 1118 — Front runny suite; also pleasant
flr.gle room; modern conveniences; private.
ROYAL Hnnw, 12(1 Kllie— IncandCBcent light,
renillnsr-room, emoklng-room and 'adlea" par-
Icr: rcomf, r*r night. :!3c to $1 B0; week. $2
to t-S: month. f8 to $.10; elevator on grouml
flocr; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
EACRAMKNTO. 250C— 2 nunny front rooms,
unfurnlshrd. for housekeeping.
EHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St.,
__r.«r Market — Furnlf.hed or unfurnished.
tTKAM HEAT and all modern conveniences at
|H«-tH St. Drnlr. 24 Turk ft.
BUTTER. 30!)— Nicely furnished rooms, ?l CO
l>cr week and up; transient.
TURK. ::<>.':> i — Sunny room, bath and gas; cen-
trally located.
CLASSIFIED nflvertlscments and KiibrrriptlonB
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A "RANCH offlre for Call advertisements uln!
futjfjrriptlona has been established at 1(W«
\'alericla st.
no j> y ma .X n no Ann.
A— FREE printed list furnlched rooma to let;
with cr without bunrd; wo xav« you walklni;
the m. fin. Tourist Renting Uureau, In
Montgomery it.
M nUKniTHHiii? Turk— Sunny' front rooms";
rlectrlo Hchta: hot and rold water: modern;
_tirst-claa« licard: rraaonabl«:phr>n<> Houth X2J.
M IHRK>N~rs20— Sunny front room bdarii
for ecntlfman; prlvato fAmlly.
VAN NICHH, C10— Handsome furnished sunny
ruitcs. »lnzln rooms; fim-elaps table board.
COltuiN (Th*>. KW Butter— Nleo sunny n.om
fur one or two itrntlenK-n; excellent Imnril.
LAMUOi;KNr:T42il"K<l(ly^-lllRh-r1uMi« hot7l.fur.
mntra «ir ¦>lrarlf; l»oard nrtlnnal; « ttu in hciit.
JOHNSON, The, W>5 O'FarrfH-Nlce hninel
«">•'! in\i\f. «paclnus icround*; ralM moderate,
CALIFORNIA* "07 (Utevrnaon Man«lon)-^cl7cl
family hotel; r*. riii.mni tnblr; fxipulair ratna,
CJU KTKBT»r~Thii«V *«•' 8 L»a vsn wort rr^~f»unny
rrrin. i Kin. and nultrn; around and tennta crt.
NIARA, uit) Taylor— Munny rront and bark
sullfs; tirfllrnt hnnrd; lirms rfnuonablri.
nviTrS\h"jiiiyfu:v.».
UAO tenants ejnrted fur 14: rollartlnna marl't
city or country. PACIFIC OOLLKOTtoN
<•<>.. <1» Mwnimmny. rooirm n-l»: fl. MM.
SKwifiaTnAi^lsi^fliKirHWi'lJKill,
ALL kinds bought, scM, rented, ex., renalrlni;
luwtut rates; plinn* Howard :i204. 1«5 Hlxth.
ALL kinda b'uiKht, nold, rrntml, rxchanirnd; rn-
palrlna: l.iwmt rate*. 'IV I. (Itrrn 144. S05 4th.
OKK1CU of tho Cunlra t.'osla Water Cj.', room
lu, a«cond lluur, -Mil » liulldlnc, Han risn-
' rlsro, March 4. inn.'. Dividend No, iVH nf
4'i rrnta rier •ham on tha capital stork of
ih« I'uiiiiH c.fiii Wat«r <-'.). will i.« tmrabla
at Ilia i.fii.-« <f aald rmnimr,)', rimm III, aen-
i.nrt ilnnr, Mllla building, un Match in, Imi'J,
Transfer bunks will close on Muirii lu, ima,
«l H i'. in
r.iiWAiin MrUAMV, Secretary,
RAILWAY TBAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Troln) leave M«4 »%ri» <!¦»> tat »rrlw« «»•
NAN ritAN«!IN<:«>.
(Main Line. Foot of Markel 8 true*. )
txATK — Fr.ou Febucart 9. 13C1 — Aitmrn
TiO«a Benioia, SuUuu. Elmlra and Saerm-
lueiiwt.. 8-3."l»
1:00 a Vacavllle, Wlctera. Samaey liS3»
itS«« M artltiex, 8»n It a Vallejo. Nap*.
Cali« t. ga antl (tmi ta. llnaa 0 iV* t
S:0oa DaTia, WmmIIbiiu. KuIjB'.i Landlnj.
Marys* Ille. Orot Ille 7iS»»
StOO* Atlantte Ki press— Ogden and Kaal M:XSa
HsOOa Kites. Lathrop, Stockton *»»-¦>!>
B>uOa Miles. Mendota. llanford. Vlsalla,
ror«ftr»illo i ... ««33t
•:3O* ShuU Kxprrta— Dav la, Willlmms (for
L'artlett Hnrlnea}, Willows, Bed
Bluff. PortlaixL. 7i83f
• laflA Sun .lone, Mfermord, Htnektnn,
June. Haorainiriito, Pl»c«r»lll».
MirymilK L'hlo. Itm\ IHulT 4\%S*
RiSHa Oakilali*. Chln«se,H«nnra'. Tuolumna 4t9S»
• >1>»a fUrwanl, Kilrskud Way HUtimis.. » IiM»
U:«IOa Vallejo lKiaSf
ViUWa IjOs Anceles Bx^res* — M«rthieL
Traer. Lutiirou. rttocktou, M»i«ed
Vresno ami Losi Aoxttlea 7:83*
tiiiin* Talloln. Mar llimx amt War Statlnns 7iHHt
Iohioa Tim UTerUitd IJmlted— Ogdan, L'en-
tar, Oman*. Chleaan i»ia-1»
flKMtr ft»entm«itt<»lll*«rHiaam«Ta flliVO*
liu»r lUiilcla. Wlaten. Raeramenta.
Woii.llniui. Kniulit* J.»uUln«.
M.rjMlll... Or.i.lllB la<.1.1 k
ttSnr Hsynard, Nllrs ami Way SUtlnna.. 7>33t
4i»u r Murtliiex, Hail lt»mun, VaKeJo,
Natm. (.'alUtniia. Hmitit ICooa. . .... •¦S-1 »
•iioop NUw, Li*ermora. StooUton. Lmll... l*«f
4iii.»r llayward. NII«.m»il.I.,«o. Li»»rmore {StAa*
4i*»rTlio Owl Ulnlteil t- Kr««ii», TuUre.
UnkoralluM. Hangna for 8».it» Ua»-
biira, \*>» Ausnlcs •iSS*
nidOp Tort Costa. Tracy. Lathrop, Stockton Hna ja
8i«Of Martln't. Antloch. Btockton, Met-
aed. Freano lSrS»»
¦ io«r llarwaul, Niles and H»i Jose T>A.1*
fOiOiir V*ll«]n ltiU3»
MiOWrOrlentaJ M»ll— Ogtten, Dnuret.
Omaha. 8t Louts, Clilosgo 4i«3»
TiAttr Ori-K<mand O»lir<>r..l« IC«|.r •«•.«•«.
nuiiHiit... Manatllle, lt«.l.ili.».
r.n HhikI, 1'ngak rioiiHil ami East 0iUa
aWniirSan l'tblo, I'.iri J.'o.ta. Martlnes
and Way atatlnns II«».1»
{¦fapV.iH, 7s»a»
COAST lilNK (Narron Uaune).
(foot ot Mnrket Street.)
«il»A N«ifMkA'iml«rilll»,H»»Jnee,ri'ltn.i.
Iloiiltl«rCrrek,Hauta Utus and Way
UtnUuua ' •(*•»
|«il r»r Newark. Centei* Ille. San Jose. New
Alinatlan, Fulton. ItouMer Orook.
8»»U t'fua and l'rtaolpal War
Stations l»in«a
4it3r Neirark, H«n .lo«#. I^aOatSM «•>••*
¦*.3wr Hunte»* Train -San Joie aad Way
m Btatlons X7.*«*
OAKLAND- HARBOR FERRY,
tram SIS /RaSCISCO— Fwv *f larkat Street (Sliy I)—
17:15 S:00 JIiOOa.M. 1:C3 3:03 848'.*.
rrtmOtlUIII— Ntlaf IraaswaT.— tS:OO 14:00 I3:0»
10:00a.m. 12:03 2-03 «:09rjl.
COAST liIXE (Hrna.l tiaagsj.
• (ThlnUiidTowiisanJSts.)
•i I «> A Ban Joee and Way HUtiona.. ........ «i*<»*
TiOttA Ran Jnse ami Way Stations... ?<>«»»*
/7i««a New Abi:ai1e» v t +IIQ9
SiOOa Coast L!n« Limited — Ska Joaa,
Gllrtj. Sallnaa, 8a& Lnia ObUpo,
Santa Barbara, to<i Asrelra and
principal Intermediate atatiova.... ls)<49»>
• ••Oa Han Jos*. Ties Pinoa. MaiiU Ctut,
Paailie Urn««, Salinas, flan Lids <
Oblspo aud Principal intermediate
HkHttoMS 4ll«»
IOiSOa Baa Joae and Way Stations.......... I1U4
I IxKOa Haii Jnse ami Way HUtioiie »;«•*
ISiiAr San Mat«o. Kmlwood. Meolo Park.
Palo Alto. Hauta Clara. Haii .lusa,
Tres Finos, 8auU Cms, Ballaaa.
Motuerey amt l'ncilic Grove flOi4!la
a:»«r MaoJosa and Way St.tloi.a. ¦<*)•>>
«4:l Up San Joaeau.l Prii.elpal Way Stations »i30»
«iOOr Bunaat Llmlted—Mondayi, Wednf i-
days. Friday*, for Los Angelea, El
Paao. New Orleans and New York.
Arrives Bandars. Toeadajs and
Thursdays l«il»*
fttOVr Sun Jesn. Los Oatoa) aad Principal
. WaySUUons f«:«©a
I »i3«lr Ban Jobs »n.l Prineipsl Way StaUous «»*Of
' mtXftr San .lour aii.t W«y Stations 7irtOF
7it*r New Orleans Krprens— Ran Lnla
Obiapo, Santa Barhara, Lea An*
' teles, D ?mfnj. El Paso, New Or-
le*n» aad Eait lit***
fHi4»r San Joae aud Way Statlona 7t»»»
A far Morning. P for A ftnmoon.
t Randar exceuted. J hnnday only.
¦ ¦atordayealy^__. / Tueadaya and JtMany
Santa Fe
Trains-Daily. .
Leave- Market-street Ferry Depot.
Local Llm'd Ovrt'd Local
Dally Dally Dally Dally
Lt. San Fran 7:2Oa 9:00 a 3:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:18 a 11:43 a 11:10 p 7:18 p
"Merced... 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:30 a 8:11 »
"Freano... 2:05p 2:35p 3:15al0:00p
•i Hanford.. 3:12 pi 3:27 p 8:05 a
"Vlsalla... 8:3Op| 8:00a,
" Balcersfld 9:13 p 6:20 p 7:43 a
" Kan. City 2:40 a 7:30a
"Chicago 2:15 p 9:00 p
a for morning, p for afternoon.
9:00 a m. train la the California Lim-
ited, carrying; Palac* Sleeping Cara and
Dining Cars through to Chicago. Cbalr Car
runs to Bakersfield for accommodation of
local flrst-clasa passengers. No tecond-
claaa tickets are honored on thia train. Cor-
responding train arrives at 7:03 a. m. daily.
4-20 p. m. la Stockton. Merced and Freano
local. Corresponding train arrives at 13:30
p m. dally.
8 p. ro. Is the Overland Expresa, with
through Palaea and Tourist Sleapara and
Frea Reclining Chair Cara to Chicago; also
Palace Bleeper, which cuta out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrive* at 0:00 p. in.
7:20 a. m. Is Bakeraflald Lwal atoprtnc
at all polnta In Ban Joaquin Valley. Cor-
responding* train arrives, at S:40 a, m. dally.
Offices— <Ml Market street and In Ferry
Depot, Ban Francisco; 1113 Brosdwajr,
Oakland.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEES
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry. Foot of Markat St.
6an Fr>ancl«co to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:80. 0:00, 11:00 a. m.j 12:33.
3:30, 0:10. 6:30 p. m.. Thursdays— Extra.
trip at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trip*
at 1:60 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDATR— 8:00. 8:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:30.
0:00, 0:20 p. m.
San Rafael to Ktin Franclnco.
WEEK DAYS — 6:10. 7:60. 9:20. 11:10 a. rn.:
12:45, 3:40. 0:l» p. m. Saturday a— Extra.
trlpa at 1:63 and «:35 p. m. ..-.,„
SUNDAYS— 8:10. 9:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40.
6:05. 0:23 p. m.
Leave. I In Effect f Arrive)
San I-Tanclaco. |Apr. 28. 19011 San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I I Bun- I Week
Daya. I daya. I Destination | daya. I Daya.
. 7:30am 8:00am Novato, |10:40am 8:40am,
3:30pm 9:30am Petaluma, j 6:0fipm 10:23ara
5:10um 5:00pm Santa Rosa.l 7:33pm «:20pm>
Fulton.
7:30am Windsor. 10:23am
5:00pm Healdsburg; 10:40am
Lyttnn.
Geyaervllle,
8:30pm 8:C0am Cloverdale, 7:38pm ¦ « :20pm
7:30am 6:00pm Hopland 10:40am 10:39am
3:30pm 8:00am and Uklah. 7:39pm 8:20pm
7 :30am 10:40am 10:23am
8:00am Ouernevtlle. 7:36 pm
3:30pm ft :00pm 6:2OpT»
7:30am 8:00am Eoneraav 9:10am • :40am
and
o:10pm 8 :00pm Olen Ellen. a*:0Bpm •:20ptn
7:SUaml 8:00am| |10:40amU0:28ar»
.1:H0pm| H:0Cpm| Bebastopol. | 7:33pm| 0 :20pm
Utages conneet at Ranta Rosa for Mark w««t
flprinca and White Sulphur Springs: at Fulton
(or Altrurla: at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
<;eya«rvllle for 8kaga« BprinKa; at C3»vardali*
for the Otysers; at Itoptand for Duncan
Springs, Highland Spring*. KeUeyvtiU. Carls*
bad Spring*. KotU lUr. Ukeport and Dartletc
Hprtncs; at Uklah (or Vichy fiprtnn. fnrnt.in
Springs. Ittua Ukts. Uurel Dtlt Uk.. Witter
Spring". Upper Lake. Pomo. Potter Valley.
Joh i Day'a, Rhrarstde. Llerjeyjs. Bu 'knell*;.
Sanhedrln lielahts. lluttvllU.Orr'a Hot Bprtnga.
Mondoetno city, fort nrag*. Weatporfc, Uaal.
WIIIIU. LaytonvttU. Cumonlna. HoU'« Bprtaaa.
liarrta. Olaen's. Dyer. Scotia and Eartka,
Haturday to Monday round-trip tickets at r«*
duced rntes.
On Sunday* round<trlp tleksu to alt points
brvoml Sun ruta»l at half rau«.
Ti.-k»t office, COO Markat atreet, CbronleU
bu ii?c."wniTiNn. n. x. nTAM,
O«n. Manacer. O«n. Paaa. A«-t.
f10UNTTAMALPA15 RAILWAY
Le4V« Vi.» h«u«allto 1'crry Arrive' u '™
Pan Fran._ Foot uf Mtrktt Sr. 8 m Fran.
SS fe "•*» " * **-* — S SyST
J™V* ."• IV * < - al«k«a«lka"T»t»«aTuaal- -' JL '. ''li
fSO A. H:U)A. n * nlH W », M M m l.OjJT ''.1.(7.
;;j:B!::i-'r.r^r"'"" s "^s
r«f., •« rr..M». » •.imn.ll .„* hrtunt, II "A. ,
tkSHOSua., *U M«aiU? IWMI aad aiinuUtu TOMt,
al)r.(«Uiboirsl)i.M|jcnsur,y,
0U5» KIUIINV Mt. i:-uhlUh...|
li) IM4 (or tliar lrraltni>n( nf l'rlv«t«
HUvnites, l.n«l Miiiiiiiiml. li.ilillllv ,,t
ill>M*Na» ivenrliig.iii Imilr «n.l inli.il ami
Hklu l>l«iMiaaa. Tile) luwtiiriMirea wliru
nllii-ra lull. Try him. t'h«r(ea low.
4'orf • (t«»r»iilff.l. C.ilUr will*,
IUjMoS.hftnrr-iiolwo,^ ,
• ?on ¦ of - Charles Schnelle, a native of Berke-
ley. ag«d 3.'$ yeara 0 months and '6 days.:
in?" The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 0 o'clock, from bis* late
residence, 1334 Dolores street. Service* at
Cyprers Lawn "Chapel, under the auspices of
Arapahoe Tribe, Impd. O. R. M., and Stan*,
ford Parlor. N. S. G. W. ' ' .
STANFORD Parlor No> 70. ,N, S. . G. W.—
- Members are .requested^ to assemble at the
residence of our late member. Louts Schnelle.
l.'JS4 Dolores street, to-morrow (Wednesday)
' morning, at 8:50 O'clock. By order of the
parlor ¦ '¦ S..O. STANtAN. President.
FRED H. JUNG. Secretary. .
SOLTWEDEL— In this city, March 10, 1902,
Henry Soltwedel, a native of Germany, ased
45 year* 1 month and 17 days.
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
McFadden, McBrearty & Green, 1171 Mission
street. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
THRANE— In Alameda, March 10, 1902, Mary
Thrar.e, beloved wife of C. R. Thrane. and
mother of Laura and Bessie T.hrane. a native
of Denmark, aged 41 years 3 months and 11
¦ a E7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from her late
residence, 1023 Taylor ¦¦ avenue. Alameda.
Cremation Odd Fellows' Cemetery. San Fran-
cisco, via 2 o'clock creek boat. Funeral
wrvlces at Odd Fellows' Chapel at 3:30
. o'clock. . * "
V? ARTU&TIC FLORAL DESIGNS
Price* Reasonable .
107 POWELL ST.nsmELUS £7" 5056
BARCLAY— In this city, March 8, 1902, Mary
Elizabeth, beloved wife of Peter T. Barclay,
daughter of Mrs. E. J. White, and mother
of Mabel E. Barclay, a native of Portland.
Oregon aged 60 yeara 2 months and 2 days.
K^Frlends are Invited to attend -the
funeral services to-day (Tuesday), at 10:30
o'clock, at her late residence.; 1723 Sutter
street. Interment private.
BARLOW — In this city. March 0. 1902. Cath-
erine L.. beloved wife of William G. Bar-
low, and mother of Mrs. Lilla M. Kinsman
and William G; Barlow Jr., a native of Scot-'
land, aged 46 years 1 month and 17 days.
ET^rlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from Central
M. E. Church, Mission street, between Sixth
and Seventh.- Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery, by electric funeral car from corner
Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
BRINDLE— In this city, March. 10, 1002, Wil-
liam S., beloved husband of; Eliza Brlndle,
and father of Alice N., William S., Richard
ThonWs Joseph and Arthur F. Brlndle, a
native of Liverpool, England, aged 42 yeara
7 months and 28 days.
CARROLL — In this city, March. 10, 1S02. John
J., beloved husband of Celta Carroll, ami
father of Nellie, Loretta. and Dorothy Car-
roll, a native ot Ban Francisco, axed 45
(ETThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, «J;t I Guerrero street, thence to MM-
slon Dolores Church, where a solemn re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repoae of his soul, commencing- at it o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery, by electric
funeral car from Elchteenth and Guerrero
streets.
CARROLL— In this city, March 10, 1002, "Wil-
liam W., beloved husband of Elizabeth Car-
roll, a native of New York, aged 77 yedra 4
months nnd 10 days.
CORBETT— In Boulder Creek, March 0, 1002,
Hugh Corbctt, a native .j>t 1'lctou, Nova
Scotia, aned OS yeara.
ttyNotlce of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlota of A. W. Martin & Co., 810
O'Farrell street.
DAY— In East Oakland, March 0. 1002, Thoma*
Searlrs Day, beloved husband of Towena
Violet Day, and brother of Mrs. Frank J.
Symines, a native ot Brooklyn, New York,
aced fi7 yeara.
[CFFuneral services will be held at his late
. residence, 17B1 Ninth avenue, East Oakland,
at 2 o'clock, Tuesday, March 11.
EASTMAN— In this city, March 10, 1002,
Ruby, beloved daughter of the late Charles-
and Catherine Eastman, and sister of Mrs.
Woodworth,. Mrs. NlckerHon and Lottie. Clara
and Hetty Eastman and the late Mrs. Mar-
garet Brittaln and Mrs.' Kate Brown, a na-
tive of Santa Cruz, aged 10 years. 1
E7" Remains at the parlors ot;H. F. Suhr
Si Co.. 11.17 Mission atreet, between. Seventh
and Elchth.
ENELUND — In this city, March 10, 1902, An-
ton L. Enelund, beloved husband of Olivia
Enelund, and father of Helene Enelund, a
native of Molina, Sweden, aped 45 years 11
months and 19 daya.
FREUDENTHAL — In this city, March 0, 1002,
Cecelia M., dsarly beloved wife of John H
Freudenthal, and devoted mother of Fred J..
Cecelia M.. Harry T., Annie M. and Albert
C. Freudenthal, Mrs. G. Edwards and Mrs.
R. Cain, a native of London, England, aged
63 years 11 months and 11 days. A mem-
ber of Mlzpah Circle No. 100, C. of F., and
California Rebekah Lodge No. 1, I. O. O. F.
We miss thee from our home, dear mother,
We miss thee from thy place..
A shadow o'er our life Is cast.
We miss the sunshine of thy face.
We mi»6 thy kind and willing hand,
Thy fond and earnest care. , ¦
Our home is dark without thee —
We miES thee everywhere.
—BY HER DEAR CHILDREN.
C? Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from her late
residence, 1045 Tennessee street, between
Twenty-first and Twenty-second. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery.
OFFICERS and members of California. Re-
bekah Lodge No. I, I. O. O. F., will assem-
ble at Welcome Hall. I. O. O. F. building,
to-morrow (Wednesday), at 11:30 o'clock
sharp, to attend the funeral of our late Bis-
ter, C. M. Freudenthal. ¦
MARTHA OSSOSKY. N. G.
GIANOLA— In this city. March 10, 1002, Louis,
dearly beloved son of Dominic and Liza
Gianola, and beloved brother of John, Dom-
inic Jr.. Charlie, Leonora,^Angelina, Linda
and^AIbert Gianola, a native of San Fran-
cisco, ased 14 days.
GRAHAM— In Alameda, March 10, 1002, Sarah
Catherine Graham, widow of the late Joseph
M. Graham, a native of New York, aged 65
years 4 months and 9 days.
ETNotlce of funeral hereafter.
GRIFFITH— In Rome. February 2, 1002, Ed-
win L. Griffith.
tE7"Funeral will take place Tuesday. March
11, at 11 o'clock, at Trinity Episcopal
Church, corner Bush and Gough streets. In-
terment private. Please omit flowers.
HANSCHETT— In the City and County Hospi-
tal, March 0. 1902, Jose J. Hanschett, a na-
tive, of Indiana, aged 50 years. .
HIGGS — In this city, March », 1002, at the
Golden West Hotel, Frank • HIkks. aued "2
years. (Nevada rauers. please copy.) •
E7"Remalns at the funeral parlora of H. F.
Maass, 017 Mission street.
HOGAN— Entered Into rest in thia city, March
•J, 1IMJ2. Amalia Dobriner Hojjan, beloved
wife of Robert Hogan, a native Of Manhelm,
Germany, aged 4S years. (New York papers
pleaee copy.)
(CrFuneral Tuesday, March 11, 1002, at 1
o'clock, from the family residence. 1014
Eddy street. Funeral private. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery.
ISAACS— In this city, March 8, 1002. Solomon
Isaacs, brother of Jamea Isaacs, a native of
Havarla, aged t!5 years.
IVKS— In thin city, March 10, 1002, Franeea
Therepa, beloved daughter ot Hehry Ivea,
end stepdaughter of .Catherine Ive», a nttttvu
of Hnn tfraneuco, a«e4 18 yearn U montU4
and 7 days,
JACOBS— Drowned at Everett, Wash., March
H, lima, Henry K., beloved son of Marks and
Thurera jReubai, un<l brother of Mr«. I'Yed
Cowen and Annie, Murry »nd Itauhuel Ja-
cob*, a nutlve of Santa Jlotia, Cal., <uf.i -'
yearn,
JKNNINOH-In tho City nnd County Hospital,
Mairh in, VMC, Kll.'ii Ji'iiulunH, a nativu cr
Nt.w Vork, used W yen".
KAUClllCH—ln tho City nnti County llcapitnl,
Mnri-h 10, liKtt!, John Kuuehor, u native of
Ohio, nged CU years.
KUOUICH— Aboard ahlpTltanln, Mnrcli t», toc«,
Chrlmolfer Kroner, beloved liusbuml t.f Ihom
, Kroner, n. ntUlva ot Band* FJorU, Norwuy,
need n'l y«arN. •
KUNBT— In thin city, March 10, 1002, Ahnlo
Kunat (nee WttlshJ. beloved wife .of A. 11.
Kunst, und iiwiliui- of Johnnie, Ester uutl
Clumsy Kunst, n, native ot Hi. l'urls, , Otnu,
at»id :io years 11 months and !M days.
LANCA8TKH— In thin city, March 0, IDOi!.
Thomas, lirlovuil husband of Ellen Lancaster,
n native or Knglmvl, nued 01 years 8 months
mid 18 days. (Nuw York City, London and
Liverpool impers please copy.)
KCf Krlends nnd Acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday;, at S:ao o'clock, frainhm late
ifbliluncu, <*O ivy avenue, off l'olk atreet,
thence to St. Mary's Cathedral, where u re-
quiem ninsa will' be celebrated for the repose
it his soul at 0 o'clock. Interment Hoi?
Croat) Ccmeteiy..
LESLIE— In this Slty, March 0. 1002, Lottie,
beloved wife of Harry Leslie, duUKhter of
Loul«e and the late William Kretchmer, anil
slfiter of Rudolph nnfl Puul Kretchmsr, a na-
tlve of Ban franclaco, r.gici 21 years 4
months nnd 2'J days.
C^'Frlenda and acquaintances are respect
fully Invited to attend the funeral ' to-day
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Buhr & Co., Hill Mission street, ba-
twecr. Seventh and Eighth. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery, by carriage.
LKW1H — In this city, Mnrch 10, 1002, Mary
KliKiilii'lh Lewla, beloved wife of John H.
Lowlk, mother of Thomcs J. I*»wIh and Mrs.
Mary K. Wulzer, und L'randmutliL'r uf Lli-
llan Wulzer and Martha 15. und Maggie
LewlH, a native of England, aged Co y.aih
11 menths and U days.
LUCAH— In l'ruitvale. March 0, 11)4)2. John
William. beloved husbanii of Henrietta
Lucas, and aon of tha lata John I), anil
Mary M. Luras, ana brother of Walter K.,
Charlntte Id und Kate U, Lucas, a nutivo of
New yorlc City. ng«d M yearn.
HTFrUii'ls nnd nequalntaneps, and mem*
lift h of Golden Wove Chanter No. 10a, O. K.
8., nf Hnn I^iandro, ure respectfully Invited
to uiti-iiil the funeral services Tuesday,
March 11, \M>2, at 1 :il<> o'clock, at Masonla
Temt'lo, corner of Tost and Montgomery
Met " tc, Hnn i-'riiin 1 !'"'"'. under thn au«plc«*
of California Lodg* No. 1, IT, und A. M.
.Interment (,'yoren*. Lawn Ctmatrry.
MAT1M5WH— In this city, Morrh 10, UKtt, Wll-
IImiii Ari'iimii'ii MuthewN, a native of Hun
Francisco, aired -ll» >'«».
ftjrNotico uf funoral liert«after.
MUM.HY- In this city, Mnrch 10, imvj,
Ch«rl«a A., boloved aim of thn lutn DriiUti
nnd Mary Mulloy, und brother of Mm. if, c.
MullPlt, Mim. H, J. Malcolm and Donnlg nnd
tin' lulu Ininli-I Mulloy, 11 niitlve of Him
VminlKi'ii, imrd ;'ft )'puis 11 montlm unii U)
days,
prPrUnrt* nnd nramilntnupes nrn resneet^
fully Invltvd to nttend tho funcrul to«morrow
« \V. ilii-Mliiy), at I) n'clook, frnm hla lata
residence, a.sil" Twnts -rlr*t strnut, thence to
thn Church «>f the Moat Holy Rmienmor,
wlii'in a rmiulem hlfih mnss will bn reli>«
linili'il fur tlm ri'i.iirii 0( lilt mm I nt i);;iu
o'clock. Jnturmmit Holy Cross Umnetury.
NHWMAN—ln this city, ftluroh jo, lima,
Honry Newman, beloved fathur of tin. j. j,
Krank, a uutlve or lluvitrlu, aged 7ii years
M mnnthN and il i'.mvh. .
|crKrl<»iiil» »nrt nenualntanrca ncn respect*
fully Invltml to attend tho funeral to-mnrrow
(W«t1nfi»dny), nt Hi o'clock, from tha rout-
dmon nf hlN •Inimhtor, l»or LiBima utreot,
. 'HilermKiit prlvnt*.
MKMUMUH of Columbia I/idife No. 127,-l..b.
II. II., urn rvquesttd in usxeniblft In thnlr
liitlKfiiiiiin .Mi W.iliii » lay, 111 I) o'uiook ahum
for the i.iiriMiH.' uf attamllnir the funeral 0^
our lni" lii'.iili'M" and chnrtxr niemUar. linny
Nowrnun, pust prvsldant.
MAX UI3VMAN, Piealdunt,
• ADOLIMI WOLKH, HnorHury. '
I'OWUUH-ln this rlty, Mured (i, jncrj, I5||. U ,
bolh, belnvod wllo of .Inmen M, I'mvur*.
niotlier of Prank .1. t'nwers, ila.URhtar of
wiiiiuiit II, and I'lUniiniii .imiKH and slsttn-
of Mis, H. Hwlnafnrd and l*nrotlln, John nmi
Wllllimi .l.m.H, .1 n.llvr. of Hun I'iiiiihIh,.,,.
ptMiNKSMtfi-^fn thlat v\ty Murih 11, tOtVJ. i.-.ui.i
Wi, MhylmI IiiiMmiiuI hi' Mfifly fi. liimlln, andTWO DESPERATE FOOTPADS WHO HELD UP AN ; OFFICER AFTER
ROBBING A- CITIZEN. AND THE NERVY POLICEMEN' WHO : EF
FECTED THEIR CAPTURE AFTER' AN 'EXCITING CHASE.
, Business -men congregate at Cafe Zln
kand for lunch. Good service. - ?
• Rev. F. J. 1 Spencer read' an interesting
paper before the- Presbyterian' Ministers',
union yesterday on "Sunday the' Seventh
Day of the Week, and Consequently* the
True Sabbath." He said he had studied
tpls problem for twenty-seven , years: and
had come to the conclusion that Sunday
was the true Sabbath. , , '..-.;,!
Sunday the True Sabbath.
At a % meeting of the. board of directors
of the Veterans' Home yesterday Dr. W.
,F.' McAllister, • •" assistant ; Burgeon, was
elected ..medical, director ' of .the In-stJtu
•vP I \v to ; :fl »'.".tho.. vacancy caused : by the
r.eath of Dr. T. a: Kcables. The direct
ors increased the salary of Adjutant Gra
hanvfrom $110. to $135 a month, .there be
ing but-one'dlssentlng vote. , ..
Medical Director Chosen,
While P. J. ,Coffcy. who Is employed as
elevator. tender in the Custom-house, was
returning homeward on Friday night, ac
companied by his wife, he -was held up
by two footpads . at the corner of Fifth
and. Howard streets. He made a slight
resistance, but was struck on' the head
with a< sandbag, and dropped to , the
ground. His wife screamed, but was not
molested. - ... \ »
But little of value was found on Coffey.
A ' watch belonging to his wife and 95
cents In change were secured. Coffey
notified ?the police and furnished a de
scription of his assailants.
House Elevator Attendant.
Footpads Secure Little From Custom-
HOLD UP MAN AND WIF.E.
A joint meeting of the executive com
mittees of the Stable-keepers' and Car
riage" Owners' Association and the Hack
men's Union was held last night at
Pythian Castle to consider an increase In
the rates charged at present for carriage
hire for funerals. A delegation from the
Undertakers' Association jvas also pres
ent and agreed to. uphold the rates that
might be established.
After a very brief discussion It was de
cided to. charge ?6 for funerals to Holy
Cross and' adjacent 'cemeteries, and $4 for
"train service.'.' that is, the. trip to Third
and Townsend streets, or Eighteenth and
Guerrero streets, to connect with the
funeral trains or electric cars. For the
return trip $2 extra will be charged.
These rates, it was decided, would go Into
effect on April 1.
The annual parade of the Hackmen's
Union will take place to-night if the
weather permits. The annual ball will
take place on Saturday night at Odd Fel
lows' Hall. Extensive preparations have
been made for the affair. .
Hiickxnen and Undertakers Also
t Agree to an Increased Schedule of
Charges for Their Services.
CARRIAGE MEN RAISE
RATES FOR FUNERALS
•••¦In. addition. to representatives' of all of
tho -1ocal_ commercial bodies W. . 8. Green
or the Sacramento Valley 'Development
Association, C. , W.. Wooster of San Jose.
a' i 1 "-^ 1 . 118 of the State Board of Trade.
A. R. . Briggs of Fresno nndC; A. Rick
etts, secretary of. the San Luis Obispo
Board, of- Trade, will bepresent at tne
meeting. . . - , •
| Representatives' of most of the impor
tant, commercial and improvement organ
izations in- that acction of the State mcL
in this: city recently to, discuss the eume
subject.. .'It /was at that time decided to
allow tho local commercial men to formu
late a. plan of, action. Various plans have
been suggested ; and the meeting. this afr
ernoon Will be devoted to a discussion jf
their merits.
/, An important meeting G of -.commercial
men will be held at the Chamber of Com
merce this afternoon for a consideration
6t plans looking, toward the! betterment
ofi Conditions .in the Sacramento Valley
andiri; Northern California.", ••¦
sion of Measures Which' Have
. " :[ Been Suggested.
Commercial Men to Meet for Discus-
• Police Officers J. J. Prcndergast and C.
II. Taylor of the Mission district arrest
ed Thomas O'Brien last night at his
home, 743 Grove street, on suspicion of
being the third man concerned In the
hold-up of E. D. Horn and H. Harrison
at the corner of Fifteenth street and
Julian avenue on Sunday night.
At the time of the holdup, one man ran
away and managed to elude the officers,
while two were captured. When O'Brien
attempted to enter his house last" night
he was arrested. Subseauently he was
taken to the Mission and Identified by
several saloonkeepers as the man who
was drinking prior to the robbery with
Yeo and Gray, the men under arrest. He
admits that he was with them during tho
evening, but denies any participation In
the affair. O'Brien • formerly served in
the navy and says his occupation i3 that
of a boat builder.
About the same time as the holdup, Of
ficer Murrin arrested two men who were
acting suspiciously at the corner of Thir
teenth and Valencia streets, about two
blocks and a half away. When the of
ficer approached they went into Burns*'
grocery and endeavored to sell a mackin
tosh for ?2. ; They gave their names a.-*
John Lynch and "Buck" Stevens, and are
being 1 held pending Investigation into their
antecedents.
Robbery Caught.
Third Man Accused of Complicity in
AttKEST SUSPECTED FOOTPAD.
Chan Ah Ylng was taken from her
mother by Secretary Kane mor» thru; a
year ago. Kane had himself appointed
her guardian and 'then turned her over
to Miss Lake of the mission. Two
months ago Kane tried to take the child
from the mission, stating that her
mother had reformed and was living re
spectdbly. His efforts were foiled by
Miss Lake, who said that such was not
the case. ¦: . •
Judge Troutt settled the question of
who should have the custody of Chan Ah
Ylng yesterday. He gave xhe little Chi
nese girl into the custody of her mother,
holding that as the mother was now liv
ing with a white family and living a pood
life she was tho proper one to brln? up
the child. This effectually dispose*? of
the claims of Frank Kane of the Society
for the Suppression of Vice and Miss
Margaret Latce of the Methodist Chinese
Mission.
Lake and Secretary Frank
Kane.
Taken Her From Custody of Itfisn
COURT AWAEDS LITTLE , i
CHINESE GIRL TO .MOTHELl
BTITPKNTS 1SCORPOHATE.— Tlw Califor
nia Graduate Publishing Company, organize^
for th» purpow* of -publishing a paper to b«
railed Th* California Gra4uata, was Incorpo
rated yeaterday for |10,0«)O. The directors bt&;
C, K, Thomas, F. W, Aitken. A. C. 8k*lfe, A.
j, i "iiiuii and J. Milton Mannon.
An examination showed that -the »boy.'d
right hand was -badly mangled, and Dr.
Stevens found- it necessary, to" amputate
two flnzers. ¦¦,¦¦¦
Ray Fischer, a 13-year-old
Jiving at 603 Ha'ight street, wpis. severely
injured and, in a peculiar' manher while
playing in the street near his home Stihi
day afternoon.- The boy. had 1 , for 'a
plaything a heavy Iron hook similar to
those used by gripmen to pick up a lost
cable, and attached to the iron was; a
heavy cord. The little fellow letthe cord
hang through the slot, when' suddenly '.)t
was caught in the "cable. •' The boy was
thrown to the ground and fell in.'sucha
manner that hiH hand was caught' be
tween the handle' of the hook and ' the
cable slot. Deaplte his efforts, . the boy
could not release himself.' and us the cord
tightened he was dragged along the road
way. The boy's danger was noticed •by
some passers-by, who went to his assist
ance and succeeded in releasing him. after
a hard effort. A call was- sent for the
ambulance and the boy was sent to 'the
Central Emergency Hospital.' •.!• : .. :<. '¦
Is Dragged Over the
- Cobles, v s •'
Drops Cord Through a Cable, Slot, and
SCHOOLBOY. IS INJURED \. V. .,' '.* \
IN PECXJIilAR ACCII>ENT
, Owrn^r and Colt< held up Denietrlun
Chrlxtlnn, h r*»ntuurnnt-keep«r, lit' tlf*
corner of Himh Htrpet nnd IMinh j)lne( ( ,'liJ«
h/tmo 1>»«in« »t 3. 13um1i place, nbou) [ 4:3/t
o'plork >vwterilny morning. ' They,/ 'took
$21 IS mid l>l* Wntfh iiml Hisiln ft'i'in Idui.
They were both ma«ked, and one'lind'a
revolver. After th»«y left him Christian
blew h police whlwiie, whicli ; attracted
Miilraliy'i* nttentlon, Acrompunled. by
ChrlHtlan. Mulcflhy wnlked down -lMinh
wtreet and at tho corner of Di/pont th<?,v
«iw two-mentind Christian -reedgnisccd
them a» th« ones who hod robbed' him.
Wtilcahy ordered the men tontop, nnd a«
Chrlstlon • pointed to Garner- as the one
who had. the revolver Mulcahy began to
seurrh hln pockets. There was a "jimmy"
in his hip pocket, which Mulcahy thought
was a pistol. Just as he laid his hand
upon it he felt tho muzzle of a revolver
pressed against his neck and Cole said,
",'ii.row. up your hands." Mulcahy's first
impulse was to make a dive for his
weapon, but when he heard the click of
Cole's revolver>he changed his -mind and
held his hands 'over his head. ' • ¦ <"
Cole ordered Garner to search Mulcahy
court yesterday morning when William
Cole and | Robert Garner, the men they
hp.d arrested,- were Instructed an to their
right* and arraigned on two charges of
robbery each by -Judge 1 Cabanlss, Judge
Conlan being unable to hold court
through sIcknegH. ,The men were. cool and
collected, and Cole, tho younger of thu
two, seemed to rellsh.thg notoriety thrust
upon him; , lie xmlled when the Judjjfi
uvked him if - he wanted' a continuance
and turned nmllingly to the people In the
cturtroom. He gave U\* agf »h 17, but
I<.i-Ich to 1 1" 1:1 at leant.' Onrner In about:
the URme'Mfrft, The canon were continued
by eonnent till; Saturday. • .,
Zfearto Robinson 'h Fate! '. ' '.
The. two footpads thereupon started to
run down Buph'. street and Mulcahy ran
after theni. blowing his whistle no as to
uttrnct the attention of other officers,
Policeman Cleveland ¦ Peters hourd the
Th)3tlft;and Joined, Mulcahy. In the chane.
,The fleeing footpndH turned Into flerry
ftrcet-umi-flrpil n nhot at, their punsuers,
'l\tew run iiround to Mnry Inne to horuJ
train off und Muleuhy Jd'pt nft<»r them,
When- they.paw' I'otfrM thoy turned and
Vnn.hnric, jumping. Into nn excavation for
frfhullrilng to hi" #«r#H«tPrt on the oornor,
but' not/ hpfore they twain fired nt Mul
(uihy. Other otticfru nrrlvprt upon Ww
«<*fiiti : nnd thu footpiHJn wor<* nmn\ piill^J
nm of in? cxriiviiilori find tnUen to Ihii
i'liy I'i'Ihoii.' • • st
'¦ Whin .fu'itrched nt Hie \tnm>n the monpy
,nntl wdtc-h otui phnln taken from c'hrln»
.ilftii, Muk'iihy'H revolver nnd the revolver
they hud wh<pn holding up ChrlHtlnn were
found -iinon ' them. About n doacn pawn
Ik-jut* for w«tclip« iukI othftr drtlclcn
Wfro found in th^lr vavMcAtt. The money
rtprppctitcd by thf-so tlckctn In bdlevod lo
be the proceeds of other robberies nnd de-
O'Ctlve*- h«V(!. luTn detailed to find the
artlolfj". •¦' The- men nre 8trangnr» to the
•.police,-- but, every effort will be made to
identify them, ns they aro both believed
tt> have 'records,
;' Molcahy and-Ppters were warmly con
gratulated by their brother officers yes
terday for. their bravery in following the
desperate footpads, knowing that they
were hoth armed. Mulcahy expressed
himself as satisfied that if he had not re
tained, his coolness when Cole had the
revolver at his neck he would have met
tnc same fate as Eugene Robinson.
¦PLAN j FOR DEVELOPMENT
> . OF INTERIOR ;.OF 'STATE
Try Once More at Mulcahy.
and\ take his revolver from him, which
was promptly done. Cole then ordered
Mulcahy. not- to move from his post on
pain of bring fljled full of holes.
The Labor candidates, for Supervisor
suffered a reversal In the recount yester
day. For the first time since the recount
.commenced more than one precinct locat
ed south ot Market street was counted,
und the result was not favorable to the
Labor party. The precincts counted yea
terday were the llret, second, third,
fourth, fifth, Hlxth. ninth, thirteenth and
fourteenth of the Thirty-third. Tne Ios-m.-m
HUHtnlned by the contemant* In ttu*»e pre.
oinctu wore: ¦ . «
Alpern J3, Itent 10, EgRfrs 24. Wilson 20,
Cflffhlnn 34, Reagan 'M, Walsh .15, and
Klnn 8!». In th« nlxth of th« Thirty-third
tho only contestant who lost wnn WIIhoh,
All th« others fculnptt from 1 to «J vote*.
Th« HtnnillfiK Ot the (.•ontPMtants in now nn
follows.
Offlclfll Lom ir) ' I'ramit
Numd— *'.iiuti. •''••". Hfiui'liiii!,
avow* Ahit-r* ....IMMit l.iu.V , ]».«).'»
Vren S. Hem .l.ltt.tia »»g IMJT
l'*ml I2«««<r« m,i»"».» l."*J 1 »•"!;"
liftmen Wllnon ...t«,BI7 1MS1 IS'*"'. 1
John Coghlun ,..1M«O {"'- l I'? 1 '?;:
Thornnn Hewn ...IM-'M £»> !l'f?2
E(U, WMlKh 1B.WM» Ml» |H«
Thomas V. Flnti..lft,M>A CM 10,«U
duce Their Leads Over the
Republicans.
Precincts South of Market Street Re-
LABOR, CANDIDATES TAKE
TURN AT LOSING VOTES
George Mayerle.' German Expert Optician,
Entrance 1071 Market; look for eye with crown.
A patent when, issued !s a grant of land
with all of the rights Incident to common law
ownership. In addition to the land there is
the right to pursue such veins, lodes and ledges
«xtralaterally in caae they depart from the
perpendicular and extend beyond the side lines
of the claim.' The decree of the court below
Is affirmed.
The caae involves the Interesting Question
whether the owner of a mining claim, who has
a right to pursue beyond the side lines of his
claim a vein or lode which haa Us apex within
his own claim, la confined In bis route of ex
ploration within or upon the vein Itself and
is without authority to otherwise enter an ad
joining claim. There is no warrant for saying
that they have any general right of exploration
within land on an adjoining patented claim
whether upon or below the surface. The right
of exploration is given for the purpose of
makins discovery of mineral. Of what avail
would the risht of exploration be if no benent
could be obtained from discovery made there
by? The around covered by a subsisting valid
mineral location Is open to exploration only
by the owner thereof, fhe statute gives the
appellants the right to follow the vein whicli
they were seeking to reach by the tunnel, but
it confers upon them no right to approach it
from any point other than the vein or lode it
self.
Plaintiff Is owner of the St. Louis lode min
ing claim, and the Montana Mining Company
(limited) la the owner of the Nine Hour loue
mining claim. Appellant* were proceeding to
drift a tunnel 2(S0 feet underground horizon
tally trom the St. Louis claim eastward and
into the Nine Hour claim for the purpose oi'
reaching the minim.' lode which had Us apex
In the St. Louis claim and which they had >i
risht to pursue in lta downward course as it
passed from Its dip to the eastward wlthi:i
their aide lines into the Nine Hour claim. If
was stipulated that the tunnel, if projected hi
the course in which It was being drifted,
would reach a vein or lode which had Us apex
within the St. Louis claim and that In the
course of Its progress there would be encoun
tered no other vein, lode or ledge. The appel
lants were enjoined from proceeding with trie
work.
Judge Gilbert for the United States Cir
cuit (Court handed down an Important de
cision yesterday in the raining case of
the St. Louts Mining and Milling Com
pany of Montana and William, Maggcr.
uppellants, vs. the Montana Mining Com
pany, limited. The case is appealed from
the United States District Court of Mon
tana. The following are extracts from
the decision, which settles a mooted ques
tion In mining litigation:
Assistant McKinlay said that .so far as
he wn» fonrprned ho had the approval of
bin chief. McKlnlay thought that th«
puhllHhoU statement was Inspired by po
litical «»nmlty. Ho professed not having
dona any politics «liw • in- accepted n po-,L
tlon under Attorney Woodwonh. He did
not f<»nr nn lnv<?ntigatlQn of the ofllce,
ho Pdicl, nor hail In- a dread of Home
great Phakp-up which wan promised.
District Attorney Woortworth watt not
nt bin o\\\e* ypMitrdny afternoon, he hav
ing bii*l»i»'iii» Huttwhprp, To n reporter
during tli») <lft,v Ii**' pvohIvpIv replied thnt
!)•• iilil not know Anything nbout the mat
{•¦r, .Mi'.'niwitil" th" goPMlpM nl.'. in the
At'prniMerr)' building "r«- spending much
-Mini' In figuring what the outcome of The
ChII'm rxpnaiiru will be.
It Is an elementary proposition of law that
two or three offenses may not be joined in a
single count of an indictment. But ia the
Mains case the indictment was drawn up after
the" form of Indictment In the Baln-Alllson
case where a conviction followed. In this In
dictment three separate oftense3 were charged
and there was no objection. In quaahlng the
Mains indictment Judge d e Haven did not say
that the getting forth therein of two letters
in furtherance of a single scheme in one count
of the Indictment was equivalent to charging
two ofTenses. The opinions of the courts differ
on this question. In the case of Fleming, de
cided by United States District Judge Dlodgett
of Illinois, ten letters which bore upon the
alleged crime were specified In a single count.
The Indictment In the Mains case was not
drawn by me personally, but my responsibility
is not lessened onrfhat account, however.
As regards the charge that I visit the race
course during business hours I have only to
say that It Is untrue. I do not visit the race
track and to ehargu that I persistently Ignore
my duties Is manifestly unjust. I can gay
that many nights I have worked until Jl
o'clock, but no one found fault with me for
that. We have the work of the ofnVe well in
hand and there was no valid reason for' the
statement that the work of the office was being
neglected.
One noticeable result of the publication
of the facts was the, unusual appearance
in the ofllce of Assistants Banning and
McKlnlay as early as 9 a. m. The fact
that Banning was seen to enter the Fed
eral building at that untimely hour was
Immediately telegraphed from office to
ofllce, so that within ten minutes every
man having business In the building was
aware of it, and all marveled exceedingly.
Assistant Banning, who drew up tho
indictment in the case of Chanes K.
Mains, charged with using the mails for
fraudulent purposes, and which was
quashed by Judge de Haven on the
ground that it was imperfectly drawn,
said yesterday that the statement of
Judge de Haven In quashing the indict
ment was imperfectly reported. He re
sumed:
The exposure by The Call of the laxity
with which business Is conducted In the
office of United States Dlatrlct Attorney
Marshall. P. "Woodworth, and which may
lead to an ofllclal investigation by tha
United States Attorney General, created
a sensation in legal circles yesterday.
Judge Gilbert Decides
Important Mining
Question.
Claims He Did Not Visit
Racetrack During
Office Hours.
BANNING SAYS
HE'S NO SPORT
MUST EXPLORE
ON THE VEINS
Both Mrs. Rodgers' matrimonial ven
tures have been tempestuous. When she
met her Urst husband she was working
In a cloak store. Emile, otherwise known
as "Ducksy" Rosenbaum, was one of tho
customers, and the lavish way In which
he spent money on his lady friends made
a hit with Sadie McMillan. She felt that
she would like to come in for a share of
tho cash and she did. Finally they were
married. Emile. Rosenbaum, It will be re
membered, committed suicide and in the
settlement of the estate she had. some
trouble getting her share, which amount
ed to about *250,000.
It was from this fund she got the ca»H
she spent on her second husband. Rod
gers regards his marriage as a financial
success.
Unlucky in Love.
The other morning whnn the bridegroom
went us usual to get his norue und ouggy
the stableman refused to let him have U,
Haying he had received oruern to that ef
fect irom Airs. Hodyers. But Hodgern
hustled up the Shcriit und proved tnat
the horue and buggy wer« In his name.
These and hlx jewels he still holds as me
mentoes of his honeymoon. JJut tho $U),
0W worth of machinery lies in the cars nt
the railroad depot. Tnere Is severul thou
sand dollars due on it, and as Mrs. Rod
gem hus refused to extend courteaien fur
ther' In pioney matters Rodgera Is taxed
jlOO per month for storage. She is firm
and declares that she "Is going to get a
separation from that man before the week
is over." ,
Mrs. JtoKi-nhuuni came Into Harry Kod
gers' debt-durkened life llko u burst of
welcome sunshine. One. oi his cruauord
Mays that right in the wuke of his pro
posal he mudo a touch for $2400. Early
the next morning he culleu u curriage and
with a roll of bills In eucn Intuit drove
around to tttuve oit the mout leroclous of
trie creditor puck, it Is uliegcd that wnllo
l'.a.st he bought jJo.imw worih of printing
muchlnery lor his business, a SloUO ring
und a Jeweled rnatchcuse. l^ike Aiaddlu
and his magic lump, all Rodgers had to
iio wuh to wish, unu behold! his wish whs
granted. , Mrs. Itougers had a credit nt
Tirtuny's und spent money with a lavish
hand. Ctosttip Buys that one of her brlUnl
}>VenentH to him ' was a buggy with tho,
itoogers' coat of arms vmbiuzuned In sil
ver on the sldoa.
Union of Heart and Fortune.
before, ilwy met tlivy hml each liml
careers.. Hodgerit' trouble wuh lack of
money anu toe may's trouble wuh luck
of some one to spend money on, for Hh»
haa loin of riiHii. Ho they Ueciaed to
unite tholr forces. He got u bank account
und gained u degreu of coniitlence when
meeting a creditor tlmi mid long been
lorciKii to him. The murrluge »n,«> im
pculou plcaituntly to tne lung-witlttng
oredltorM, who wera at lust ubiu to ex
change their .bills for coin of thu realm.
Mrs. itodgers was huppy uecuuse hIkj hud
found a man who would bu true to her
pocketbook and who could teach her u
thing or two about spundlng money.
They were married la»t November and
have been warming their toes on the
same hearth off and on during the win*
ter, but with tho opening of miring, the
compact Is to bo declured off. It la an
other case of married In haste and time
working the proverbial repnntance act.
Four days after Harry Rodg«i's met Mr».
itoHcul'uinn he proponed to her. She ac
cepted him und tho next morning th>y
w«jr« married and left for Now York.
ItodgenT MUhnequent ' Ufa iiiuIm like a
dime novel story of adventuro, with tho
commorclnl instinct of Mr. ltodgcm nl*
¦ways to tli.e fore. \
There ia a rift In the Rodgers matrimo
nial lute, and the melody of their recent
romantic union is as of sweet bells
Jangled out of tune. Harry A. Rodgers,
the advertising agent of 27 Geary street,
and Mrs. Rodgers, formerly Mrs. Sadie
Rosenbaum, have decided, after a brief
matrimonial trial, that they have not
found the hearts' heaven lnbeled for them.
of Seeking Separation
From Him.
His Wife Declares Intention
Rbdgers 1 Dream of Love
Embraces Cupid as
Cashier.
FINDS PROFIT
IN MATRIMONY
cahy, but Flying Bullets Do NotJFeaze Him.
Cold fluzzle of Shooting iron ; on His Neck Wilts MuU
POISON BRINGS
PEACE TO HER
Frances Ives Ends Life
After Quarrel With
Father.
Parent Dislikes Her Fiance
and to Save Him She
Drinks Acid
Frances Ives. a girl 19 yearB of age, who
resided at C22 Klnth street.' committed
suicide last evening by drinking carbolic
acid. In a note left by the young woman
to her llance she bade him good-by and
call «ho had sacrificed her life to protect
him from the anger of her father. She
ar-.ked his forgiveness for her act of self
destruction and told of a beating she »ald
MM- had received at the handx of her
lather for having kept company with him,
The bone of contention between the falh
«-r and linnce seems to have been the
labor problem. One wus m union tn<tn
«n8 the other had not yet «ntered the
ranUn of organised workmanship.
Krances Jvcn Iihm been Ueeplng com
pany with Tom Horry, u young mm hinist,
redding at 638 Ulln<>|« street. Their cotn
).unionshi|i IttnteU many w yeur. Wh«.n
nit? bittnness it roue between inaohlnmi*
vito wi.ti.i-u und i host* whu v/eru on h
i nil..- the ii'!'- of iiihi-m.i lit if i .-ii into th«
j--..' .' , ¦ ¦ 1 1 r . ¦ 1 1 . . ; . i . i-itiiiK Hurry bclonm'rt
I., no union und was rrmiy to supply m
vacanry '¦ " '^ •' striker, nnd.lhe nume
• •: J:ii!i--» )¦••¦*. fathrr of l'i;ni' ••>¦. ttu
"¦• tin- roll call of Hi" union.
ri..!n-.» dtd not fi.ii.iiki- har fl«nc« nor
did he give her tip, rtunilny tiltflu the
couple wi nt out t ¦ ¦>¦:«•( In- r, uinl AllKH Ives
returned to her home shortly utter 11
u'cloik. Wriut followed and what caused
in r suicide >¦ descrllicd in a simple note
left and which was found i.y thu Coro
ner's depiitim when they cume for lier
body. '1 in- tnrssage Is us follows;
HAN r&AKCItpO, Match 1(1, 1002.
i 'i .ii Turn; I i"H|.|i..«, v, In ii you k>i Oil*
nut* you will be mi pi It' 'I, but ¦* 1 t hung til it.
bent tu write a f«-w word* to you before 1 «!!«•
and i'i! ,."¦! that ln*t night when I came hum*
my fathrr brat tiu- trrrltity, anil my «t*i>moth
¦T. of courw, was (lie riu«« of It. Well, Tom,
1 nope you will net be oncry with me fur writ
ing you thia note, •¦ tin* Is the last time 1
will say gno<l-lr) to you. I hope you will for
give me Hti'i I in ;¦'¦ >'<>u will enjoy your life
Mtta 1 than i <1ld mine. I. mm hik'ii when my
fathrr >>«-at me J said. "1 will go away and
you will never nor n>« again." He said, "If
you 'in I wilt kill jnii mix! him, too." so 1
»-i:.--> It Ik l» m. r to < ml It this way. Well.
.i.i.i. this I- all Iliivr to my, a* I nuppofir I
win (*• cold wiirn you get thin note. With my
forever arid U« luvt*, J remain, yours,
traxtscBM.
All day yesterday Miss lve» nt-emed
morose, hut cave no inkling to her jum
ilv that >-ii< contemplated ending her life.
She remained In her room most of the
day and shortly after 6 o'clock In the
evening niKhed Into the parlor and greet
ed her stepmother. Thr stepmother at
lhe time wuk Riving music lessons to three
young pupils.
"I have taken carbolic acid." cried the
jrlrl. th«*n she xnnk to the floor and be
came unconscious.
A phynlrlnn wuk summoned, but th«
earthly sufferlnKf <>f the youn« \v<miun
had ended before lie arrived. Then the
Coroner was notified and un lnvewtlisra
tlon led to the rinding of the note. Th«
weld used by Miss Ives hud been Htored
in the kitchen and had been u»<*<l by her
father as a dir.infeetant.
THE captufe of two footpads early
yesterday morning has earned
Policemen . George F. Mulcahy
nnd Cleveland Peters the com-
mendatlon of Chief Witiman, as
the captured robbers are believed to be
the two m'en who have been holding up
and robbing: many belated citizens recent
ly In different parts of the city. The
Chief showed his appreciation of their
conduct by Issuing the following order to
company commanders yesterday after
noon:
Office Chief of Police, San Francisco, March
10. 1901'. ;
Company commanders : I desire to publicly
commend .Patrolman George F. Mulcahy for
his brave and meritorious conduct In the mat
ter of the arrest of two desperate footpads at
about 2:30 this morning at the corner of Du
pont and Bush street*. As a result of hts
brave coolnets and discretion two desperate
criminals are now in prison and the commu
nity will be relieved of their unwelcome pres
ence. Officer Peters rendered timely and valu
able assistance" In making the arrest. I ¦ take
this means of publicly thanking the two offl
cem for their prompt and efficient -service.
Read the above to your respective commands.
GEO. W. W1TTMAN. Chief of Police.
Both officers were In Judge Conlan's
EXTENSIVE PBEPARATIONS
' FOR BED CROSS RALLY
Committees Hard at Work Arranging*
for the Entertainment Planned
for Saturday.
Preparations are goins forward ener
getically for the Red Cross rally that will
take place Saturday afternoon between
the hours of 2 and 5 o'clock at the ferry
bulld'.rig nave. Donations of 1200 ftanri
wichei- and twenty-two cakes have al
ready boen received, and th*- hospitality
committee will coriinue to receive con
tributions until the opening hour of the
rally. All pifts of moruy should be sent
to Mrs. Judge Sl.Ack, 2224 Sacramento
Ftrrel.
Mrs. Henry Payot Jias charge of the
membership badge*, and members from
outside points who vtijh to attend the
rally can secure a one .ind one-third ex
cursion rate. Mrs. W. H.. Mills is chair
man of the transportation committee.
Commander Glass has : promised an buk
m*ntation to the programme by sending
fifty naval apprentices over from Mare
JMcr.d. who will give an exhibition drill.
Mrs. Richard Bane will stag the "Star-
Fpangir-d Banner." Tiekrts for the event
are on sale now at LO certs each. Includ
ing the entertainment and , luncheon.
GIVES ROBBERS HIS REVOLVER,
THEN MAKES PURSUIT UNARMED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MARCH 11^ 1902.
12
ADVZB.TISEMBUT3.
TOO GREAT EXPENSE
Not the Reason.
It is not because Pyramid Pile Cure 13
80 expensive that many people decline •¦>
give It »i trial, but becuuse they find it
too great a tax on their credulity to be-
lieve that the published letters bearing
testimony to tho merit of this remedy
are genuine and bona fide; especially to
those -who have realized the suffering In-
cident to piles 13 It Incredible that any
one who has been afflicted twenty-flve
and thirty years with the worst forms of
protruding and bleeding piles should be
cured by the application of a simple rem-
edy, when their physician has assured
i them that the only relief is In a surgical
operation. This Is rightfully viewed with
dread by all those afflicted, as it means\
at the least a great shock to the nervous J
system, with more than a possibility or
utter collapse and death; In the majority
of cases, too, there Is a return ef tho
complaint, owing to the fact that the
cause is not removed.
The proprietors of Pyramid Pile Cur*
agree to forfeit one thousand dollars to
any one who will show a single published
testimonial to be not genuine and unso-
licited; this latter feature is most gratify-
ing, inasmuch as these letters are writ-
ten solely out of gratitude, and with the
hope that those who are afflicted as the
writers have been may learn that relief
is at hand, at a comparatively trifling ex-
pense. Pyramid Pile Cure Is for sale by
druggists at 30 cents a package, or will
be mailed by tae makers to any address
upon receipt of price.
Mr. Wm. Llchtenwalter, head of the
largest printing house In Canton. Ohio,
says: "It is with the utmost pleasure
and, satisfaction that I can say I believe
I am cured of protruding and bleediug
piles, after suffering more than twenty-
flve years. I have been in bed for two
weeks at a time. I havo not suffered In
the least for over a year, and I used only
three SO-ccnt boxes of Pyramid Pile Cure.
I advise every person suffering with thl3
distressing and painful complaint to giv«
this remedy a trial. I have every confi-
dence In It." Write the Pyramid Drug
Company, Marshall, Mich., for their book
on the causes and cure of piles.
* fcwf^ywTSy^ jHai^^^^e lofcS^^^iB^^ dSSF
the musical
m y s t e v y
Exhibited in Sherman, *Clay & Co.'s windows, daily
between 3 and 5.30 and 7.30 and 9 p. in.
See "Psycho" taken from its box and placed in
position at exactly 3 and 7.30 p. m.
Is it a human being or a wax figure ? That is the question
that wjll bs asked by hundreds of people here in San Francisco
this afternoon when they witness the strange sight in Sherman;
Clay & Co.'s show windows, -v 1
In front of an Angelus Piano Player, which is attached to a
Steinway Grand Piano, will aopear what seem? to be a'wax figure
performing on the Angelus. Some people.will declare that it is a
man, but to offset this, the fact exists that the figure, or whatever
it is, sits before the Angelus for two hours and never twitches a
face muscle or winks an eyelid. The feet will pump the .pedals,"
the hands will work the steps and the head will jsrk rrom one, side,
to the other at regular intervals of ten seconds, ks performance,
is wonderful and mystifying. It se?ms to be more than an autc
maton, yet the glassy stare to its eyes and the jerky movement of
its head and arm. for two hours continuously dispels the thought
that it is human.
The wonder is "Psycho," the musical mvstery of London,
Pan's and New York. Sherman, Clay & Co. nave specially, im-
ported "Psycho" to give this marvelous exhibition.
"Psycho" will -appear in the >how window and perform on
the Angelus daily between the hours of 3 and 5.30 in the after-
noons and 7.30 and 9 in the evenings. ."'%(..*
Look in Sherman, Clay & Co.'s windows to-day after three
o'clock and see if you can tell whether "Psycho" is- a man or
automaton. .-j. i'-i
Sherman, Clay R Co;,
COD. KEARNY AND SUTTER STREETS.
>;•: ADVERTISEMENTS,
A WHITE PATH.
CBZgSlHERE is only one kind of Cleanliness, but
/$||& there are many kinds of soap. There is
W$| only one destination, but there arc many
lifo'Jffiii paths that lead to it. If you want the short-
est and safest road to Cleanliness, it is paved with
Ivory Soap. Neither man nor clothes ever get
beyond the cleansing power of Ivory Soap. Its rich,
creamy lather extracts every particle of dirt ; but
it stops at the dirt I Ivory Soap— it floats.