UNITED STATES KEEPS ITS PROMISE
AND THE CUBANS HAVE A REPUBLIC
VOLUME XCI— NO. 172.
SAN - : FRAKCISCO;cKVVEp^SD^^ ? ;?fi^?; 2i^iifl>Q2^
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
' Continued on Page Three.
OAKLAND,^ May 20.— Earthquakes are
reported to-day f rom k Berkeley and Point
Richmond. ,; The : disturbance at 1 Berkeley
occurred this morning at :' 10:20 : o'clock,
with no accompanying damage. /The one'
at Point;. Richmond -/occurred at 10:45 to
night, but did- no damage. '
Earthquakes Reported:
deties. fraternal clubs, officers of various
civil divisions of the city, and business
organizations, had an air of real grand
eur. The - scaffolding was covered with
canvas painted in Imitation of marble
and from a distance the illusion was com
plete. ; Bunting, spread on Venetian* masts
canopied the deep, narrow streets from
the rays ' of ' the sun. Beneath the can
opies the Cuban colors and palms graced
the . open doorways, through which
Continned on Page T\?o.
W AVANA « - Ma y. 20!-^The : na
¦/ W '" ff " ta1 day :o£, the republic of
' S 0 ' < -' ul3a * * ound Havana, ar
\B^' ul 'm* : '' ay ? d like a Queen; to await
' : "~"'/y^^"V.-' tne J coming of her Lord.
The Vdecoratlon3 were uni
versal; Men had. worked all night by the
light 'of' torches t t6_ complete .elaboi^ite de
signs.^ There was not' a, residence,. preten
tious'"or, humble,' that'dld' not", beaf.'upoh
Its! quaint ; facade v some.-^emblem. In. : honor
of "the "event.^The ; many -arches erected
at the entrances" of •piazas'by political so/-
Thrilling Scenes Attend the
Transfer of the Island
to Brave People.
¦ CHIEF EXECUTIVES OF THE UNITED STATES AND CUBA, MILITARY^
; COMMANbERS WHO .WITHDREW. AND THE SCENE OF THE "CERE
. 'MONIES TRANSFERRING ' GOVERNMENT OF THE ISLAND.
Hitt stated that theTesolution had rbeen
suggested by ; Sulzer' of ; New, York * but- he
bad; no ddubttall ;parties*f would f join': in
favorof its adoption. y ; :• ; : . • ¦¦¦' : :\ ,'¦ -y
.(The resolution- was unanimously "adopt-"
edl -/ V '^V-7 ; ; - : '' : - : '/'. :'y--\-v:: ' : :J:^../. :X:
; "To ; continue', the , present postal : ;'reguia- '¦
tions '/.between^^Ciiba. v/jand'-j this ."ciountry/
President '•' Palma : [ of Cuba 3 and 'j Pf egldent<
Roosevelt . to-day .'issued '--prdclaxnatidn's','
both of which ."were'promuigafed'frbm^this
city..! in accordance; with] an understanding
reached-; between • them - t some'iweek's \ agO>'
President ? Roosevelt's? order; follows : - T '.'/¦)
"Resolved, : By/ the House; of . Represent-^
allves. That this House. /views. ; wlt.hi satis
faction' "and expresses f congratulation "Vat
the appearance ' this .day" of | the Cuban re-'
public among the nations /of th'e^wofld:" ''
I The ; reading of : thie .; resolution' was".'¦'.re
ceived /with ; from^all ; over> the
charnber, the ¦ galleries joining 'in: 'thV
handclapplng. ¦¦;••• ¦.•••¦•¦;>¦•¦-..••• •.-.-. ¦
: W.'i"W" V .^ASHrNGlON,-,May i :2o!-- >
? M ' -,'JH '. y^ ; . In ' the \ . House ; 4 to-day.
HItf: of ; ii'linoisj senVvto
' '¦ •'¦¦ : , , ;; lowing > jresolutlon .i j.arid'
' • \\ij ;. 'asked-; for 'its? Immediate
consideration: .' ;,, '.'..,• v'^-;. ¦/>•>',••. a.
' , •' the postal •' administration -; of
the United States having concurred there
in, that pendlngithe 'conclusion of a postal
'dpriyentio'nf between' the" republics :of : the
.tlnited '. States ; and ' Cuba, '•; the "status; -pre-;
¦ Scribed; by order No.; 395 of the Postmas
tlr, General ; 'of /the United '; States, -.dated
March* 39, 11901,'relatiye. to the exchange | of.
.mails between ''.Cuba; and the United States
|b*6 maintained; 'that ;is ,\to." say, r " articles,
.mailedMn;Cuba : addressed for : delivery in
the Uhlted : States andJarticles mailed' : in
: the -United : States;,addressed '.f or " delivery
in. Cuba ? shall '."continue r to" be ' subject'; tq
the V postage <?i rates, 'i conditions, class '; and
"regulation^'applicable^tb; 'articles circulate
_ir.g:in the domVsticVmaiis, of -the United'
States.', ''''; :,-f -j^, ". \'r\ .;.' ¦¦';•_-;'?.-''/¦
; i '.'And '. it is 'further /ordered , that "the ; ar
ifangexnent now^ln force regarding the'ex-,'
"ch'ange .of ,';.', money V orders; ..between- • the;
; United .¦- States o and 5 Cuba * shall continue',
and ' be in effect -until a f ormal. cohyehtioh ¦
shall b^signed between 'the, two
co verlrig -further ' exchange .*' of ; money i or-'
ders I between*! the two . countries.',' ¦
• order v>' is ¦? identical,
with '\tiie?. above; ."^ except itnat i; It "reverse's
'the order .'in which 'the* two r countries' are'
Congress Congratulates the
Cuban Republic Upon
Its Appearance
This evening the city is illuminated as
never before" and a great pyrotechnic dis
play was given on , the walls : of Morro
Castle and Cabanas, across the bay. - ¦ )
: But President Palma and his Cabinet did
nt)t give way to rejoicing. There'Vas stern
business ahead for them and they; went
quickly to work. As soon as the new Gov
ernment was installed Congress met and
proclaimed the constitution and appendix.'
One hundred thousand outsiders were
said to be in the^city and the police were
utterly unable to cope with the joy-intoxi
cated people. • •'
Firecrackers, of . the . giant variety were
exploded on the sidewalks and even in the
cafes. .. - . '•'¦ ' ¦ '¦"'¦- '¦¦-¦,-.'¦
. American troops, the reins
of power were handed over to President
Palma, and now the Government of Cuba
is free and to-night the whole island is de
lirious with Joy. Dramatic as was the re
markable demonstration when" the flag ; of
the United States was lowered and the
flag of the- new republic hoisted in its
place at noon to-day, on the palace whence
Spain had ruled the island for centuries,
it was hardly more stirrlng'than ttie mag
nificent friendly demonstration which at
tended the departure of the cAiiser Brook
lyn as she. sailed out of Havana harbor a
few minutes before 4 .o'clock this*"after
noon; - ¦•' ' .• '..„¦¦
• The enthusiasm in the city was bound>
less. Many persons were literally : mad
with joy over their new-born liberty. .The
streets were full of surging, cheering men
and women. ¦ Motley processions paYaded
the plazas. . . •
w&- • •¦ ¦ • - - ' • ¦¦tmm
~&~ ~W AVA]S ? A ' May 20.— The Unit
. S iamm X ed State? has redeemed her
. I §& 0 promise to the' world. Ha-
B . & vana and Santiago de Cuba
"^¦' -^- were to-day evacuated i by
Palma Takes
Reins of
Power.
By a fortunate turn of the wind the lives of all; iri ; the pirty
FORT DE FRANCE, Martinique, May 20.— Destruc- A
tion is again threatened by Mont Peled, the volcano
having resumed an activity even greater than that ex
hibited when St. Pierre was" wiped out of existence.
For twenty-four hours the volcano has been in constant erup
tion and explosions have beeji frequent. All in Fort de France
are filled with panic. The island has been shaken by the work
ings of the forces within the earth, and every one awaits in "
fear a cataclysm even worse than that which recently filled
the world with horror and consternation.
Last night was one of terror and wild alarm here. The
earth seemed to irave lost its foundations. Up through the
crater of Mont Pelee poured a storm of death. The culmina
tion came at an early hour this morning when there occurred
an explosion so terrible that walls in this,\city\vere shaken down
and the inhabitants fled to the open country.
At this time nothing definite is known of conditions farther
to the north. Smoke fills the air, darkening the sky. Ashes,
are falling steadily. When the heavens are filled with lightning,
as. frequently happens, it can be seen that-Mont-Pelee-has *-not ~
ceased to throw out a great column of lava and stones. There.
# has been a perfect calm in the air, yet the waters of^the Carib
bean are iashed to a fury, indicating that the same forces that
cause the volcano to labor are working tremendous changes
at the bottom of the sea. Words are inadequate to describe the
actual conditions. Disaster is expected at any moment, and in
the harbor every ship has steam up and is ready to slip cable
and speed away. '¦•
Beset by imminent and terrible danger, a party of officers
and men from the Cincinnati and Potomac went ashore at St.
Pierre* yesterday and brought away the body of Thomas D. '
Prentis-, the American Consul.
Advised to forsake their burden and save themselves, the
men who were carrying the body refused to do so. On they
stumbled, through an atmosphere each second growing darker
and more stifling. Their ears were deafened by the crashes
that came from Mont Pelee. In the roadstead the British cruiser
Indefatigable was putting to sea, sounding her siren, whichmost
of the time was silenced by the great noise of the mountain.
With steam up the Potomac stood ready to run as soon as
the rescue party could get from shore and on board. To the.
general din it added its note of alarm.
Finally the brave men were 'forced -to. rest their burden at
the water's edge, while they made all spee^d to the Potomac.
They were barely in time. As the steamship got well under way r
another flood of fire poured down from Pelee and a broad
stream of lava ran into the sea, while out of the sky rained a
storm of rocks and ashes. N
In spite of the threatening aspect of the volcano it was de
termined later yesterday to make another attempt . to recover
the bodies of Mr. Prentis and Mr. Japp, the British Consul. By j
permission I accompanied the searching party, which was di
vided into two squads. One led by Ensign Miller went to the
site of the American consulate, and soon had the body of Mr.
Prentis encased in a metallic and hermetically sealed .coffin. Six
stalwart fellows shouldered the body and started with it for the
In the meantime another party, led by Lieutenant McCor
mick of the Potomac, had proceeded to the British consulate,
about a half-mile to the northward of the American consulate.
Fortunately this was within view of the crater of Mont Pelee.
Lieutenant McCormick saw a column of smoke and fire belch
from the volcano, from the side of which a streak of molten
lava flowed.
Directing his men to make all haste back to trie Potomac
the lieutenant turned aside to give warning to the party which
was^ carrying away the body of the American Consul.
"For God's sake, boys, get to the boat quick if you would
save your lives," he gasped. "The volcano has exploded and
destruction is upon us." :
At that instant there was a crash in the sky, back of which
it seemed as though scores of thunderbolts had been forced
into. one. As it died away the loud siren of the Indefatigable,
which was in the roadstead, screamed a warning. The British
cruiser almost' immediately .. put out to sea at top spe'ed\ With
out cessation the whistle of the Potomac was blowingA There '
was another rumble and the sky was filled'with lightningAThen,"
asl looked backward, Mont Pelee cast upward a vast column
a mile or more high. • V ; .' \
From the Special Correspondent of The Call and the New York Herald.
Copyright, 1902, by the New York Herald Publishing Company.
Graphic Story of Recovery
of Consul Prentis' Body
by Brave Tars.
MONT PELEE
RENEWS ITS
DESTRUCTION
TXfASHINGTON, May 20. — Secretary of State Hay, according to the plan arranged some tune ago, took its solemn pledge io.tnakt
a free people in the island of Cuba. This was done by the dispatch by cable to every capital where there is res powers that the gov
ernment of Cuba by the United States terminated to-day, and that an independent republic lias been. inaitgurated (there/ instructed to convey this information
to the government to which they are accredited. 1 . w. ; ; \ • : --: : :;' .-— -\: ; ::.,S-. ; •¦ -i • .^.-,/< ;'*;/> :; ,..;-..^\.^\v ; .-. ¦ .--¦ :/- '••:¦ ':,.,. '.:-;¦'. .. •,. ;
The San Francisco Call.THRILLING SCEHES ATTEND TRANSFER OF ISLAND TO BRAVE PEOPLE
Continued From Page One.
The imperial yacht Alexandra, with the
Czar on board, arrived almost simultane
ously with the French squadron. Accom
panying the Czar were the Czarewich, the
Grand Duke Michael, .brother of his Ma
jesty; Count Lamsdorff, the Minister of
Foreign Affairs; the Marquis de Monte
bello, the French Embassador at St.
Petersburg; , the Grand Duke Alexis, the
high Admiral of Russia, and their bril
liant suites. \. ¦ :« ,' . :"i . .
-The Grand Duke Alexis boarded the
Montcalm, and after President toubet
had briefly reviewed the Russian fleet, he
was escorted on board the Alexandra,
where greetings were exchanged between
the Czar and President Loubet. As
Loubet stepped on the deck of the yacht
hundreds of small boats! filled with ei
thusiastlc' sightseers.
the Presidential flag was run up to trie
masthead. The Czar and the President
repaired to the yacht's cabin and con
versed there while the yacht, proceeded to
Peterhoff. .
PETERHOFF, Russia, May 20.— The Im
perial yacht Alexandra arrived ! here at
noon. President . Loubet led the way
ashore and shook hands with the assem
bled Grand Dukes and officials: The
President «and the Czar were then driven
to the railroad station and .proceeded to
Tsarsko Selo. : '
And Colonial styles of picture frames In
gold, some admire the quaint shapes in
Flemish, old . Dutch and ebony; but all
who have seen our stock agree that we
have the prettiest, most varied and most
reasonably priced picture frames ever
seen in San Francisco. Sanborn, 'Vail &
Co., 741 Market street. ' • .
Some Prefer the Oval
PREMIEROF FRANCE WHOSE
EARLY RETIREMENT FROM
OFFICE IS ANNOUNCED.
The actual transfer of the control of the
island was scheduled to occur exactly at
noon (Havana time), which is 12:30 p. m.
(Washington time), but those Invited to
witness the ceremony were requested to
be at the palace at 11:30 o'clock. They in
cluded, besides the American officers and
the members of President-elect Palma's
Cabinet, the members of Congress, the Su
preme Court Judges, the Governors of the
provinces, the officers of the visiting war-
Much curiosity was aroused by a statue
of freedom, which had been raised during
the night in Central Park, upon tha
pedestal where, for centuries, a statue of
Queen Isabella had stood. During the
morning a bountiful breakfast was given
to several thousand poor children by Mr.
Paine of Boston, who passed the winter
In Havana for many years. As the day
advanced the heat of the sun became in
tense and the weather grew hotter every
minute. •
The early morning was cool* and de
lightful, and the entire population, rein
forced by thousands of visitors, was
abroad soon" after daylight. All was ani
mation and expectancy. The streets were
6warming witn people and were filled with
a ceaseless din. The babble of voices was
drowned by the sharp cries of drivers and
the clamor of warning bells. As the
coachmen drove their carriages madly
over the stony pavements pedestrians had
a busy time keeping out of the way of the
wheels. There are 4000 public carriages In
Havana, and this morning each one of
them seemed speeding somewhere on a
life or death mission.
The decorations along the water . front
were exceedingly lavish and all the ship
ping in the harbor • was dressed in gala
attire. The majority of the ships flew
the American ensign at the main and the
Cuban colors at the fore or mizzen. The
United States armored cruiser Brooklyn,
which was to take General Wood away,
and the steamer Morro Castle .' of • the
Ward line, on which ?the trotfps were to
embark, as well as the foreign warships
which had been sent by their Govren
ments to be -present at the .birth of the
new republic, were dressed with streams
of signal flags, fore and aft, man-of-war
fashion. The American colors, which
were to be hauled down in a" few hours,
'still floated above the grim walls of the
fortresses which guard the entrance of
the harbor. Not another bit of color
ehowed upon them.
LAVISH DECOBATIONS.
glimpses could be caught of luxuriant
gardens, in cool, inner courts. Many of
the balconies jutting from the whlte
•walled buildings were adorned with
roses. Nature seemed In harmony with
the spirit of the festivities. The parks
were literally aflame with tropical flowers
and the vaulted sky aboye might have
been chiseled out of turquoise. Above
every red tiled roof ; rose a Cuban flag.
The whole city seemed, suddenly buried
beneath a forest of waving banners. ¦
ANIMATION AT PAT.ACK
The palace is an imposing yellow stone
structure, which for centuries was the
residence of the captains general of Spain.
Since the American occupation it has
been the official headquarters of the mili
tary' Governor. Tne actual transfer of
the island occurred in the audience cham
ber, which formed a fine setting for the
historic' occasion. The chamber was to
day exactly as it was when the Spaniards
departed, except that the portraits of the
capains general, which hung upon its
walls, are gone.
Owing to the limited space the people
were to have no sight of the ceremony
to be enacted here which was to con
stitute them, a nation before the world,
but outside they were to witness a spec
tacle which would stir their pulses, for
they were to see the beloved five-barred
and single-starred flag, which Cespedes
first threw to the breeze in 1868, at the
opening of the ten years' war,' raised by
the act of the United States above the
palace. This thing which was to happen
had been the dream of their lives and of
their ancestors for generations. Their
parents, brothers and friends had gone to
their deaths to accomplish It. No strange
wonder then that hours before the time
set they began flocking here from all
quarters of the city. Many were already
before the palace with the rising sun and
some even slept In the park to be certain
not to miss this sight.
A portion of the plaza was kept clear
by the police very early. The remainder
was packed with people so thick that the
ground seemed alive.
Soon air the Bide streets .running into
the plaza were choked Into a solid mass
of humanity and every door and window
fronting the square was walled In with
faces, white and black, old and young
male and female. The crowds sought the
roofs, overflowing every building that
commanded a view of the flagstaff on the
palace. As far as the eye could- see the
roof-llnea were fringed with human
freight. It was a sight to live forever in
memory.
Drawn up below. In the open space of
the plaza, were eight dismounted troops
?u i th t S , even J& Cavalry, with sabers at
their heels. Their horses were already on
board the steamer which was to take
them back to the United States
Shortly before 11:40 a. m. those who
were to witness the ceremony began to
arrive in carriages through a street kept
clear by the police. All the naval of
ficers were arrayed in full uniform re
splendent in gold . braid and plumed
chapeaux. The Cubans generally wore
black frock /suits, white waistcoats and
silk hats. They formed a distinguished
looking -assemblage as they gathered in
the audience chamber.
The ceremony itself was brief and eim-
ships, the foreign consuls^ William Jen
nings Bryan, the other visiting American
statesmen, several of Senor Palma's Cen
tral Valley (New York) neighbors; Hora
tio Rubens., counsel for the former Cuban
junta; Colonel William Astor Chanler and
a few other specially invited guests.
VICTORIA, B. C, May 20.— The Peking
correspondent of a Japanese paper asserts
that Wu Ting Fang, the Chinese Minister
at Washington, has requested his Gov
ernment to recall him on account of his
unpopularity, resulting from his efforts
against the Chinese exclusion law.
Minister Wu Seeks Recall.
WASHINGTON. May 20.— Advices to the
Department of Agriculture announce that
the production of beet sugar in Hungary
has increased, in the last decade by nearly
169 per cent, the output of the factories
in 1889-1900 having been 552,147,800 pounds.
This increase has occurred in connection
with a comparatively small increase In the
number of factories and is due mainly to
an increase in the size and an improve
ment In the equipment of these establish
ments. ¦ ' . •¦ ¦ --¦ ¦ '¦' - • ,-»-¦.,'
Hungary's Beet Sugar Increase.
Mrs. Wood and' the children sailed for
h Spain -on -the steamer Alfonso XII. this
b afternoon. ; They win, spend the. summer
I there- and.-Ih France.;;:.'. ¦ ,- .-. ¦ ..,'•-¦¦*:,-¦
. To-night the. .whole' city is illuminated
and a great .pyrotechnic display was made
.from the walls. of. Morro Castle and Ca
banas Fortress. : :•."¦-.'.
¦At noon a solemn high mass In honor of
the new republic was •. celebrated :1a
all the churches of the island ; and at 4
o'clock ' a "Te . Deura",. was ¦ sung at the
cathedral'.' ; -At- the -same- hour, the 'Cuban
Congress proclaimed the constitution.
; : Before . the '• Brooklyn was hull-down on
,the' hprlzon the Cubans resumed,their.'fes
tivities'. This afternoon there was a yacht
rregatta .in'. the s harbor and .ashore there
.'was a review of 15,000 school children i by
\Pr«sIdent Palma. . ' - ;; . '. : ' . .
'¦A chapter ..of American history was end
ed ,and . the first ; chapter of the republic
of Cuba was begun. ' ¦
While this was occurring at Hanava a
similar scene was • being enacted, at San
tiago, ' where I General ; Whitslde at ! noon
turned over the authority to his Cuban
successor- and. sailed away with, his , two
troops from the Eighth Cavalry. Only
eight batteries of American artillery re
mamon Cuban soil. • -: ; —•- •- -•-
Wood raised it as an act of the Lnited |
States, General Gomez assisting him.
'As the flag- flew. free the streets below
fairly, trembled with the cheer that arose.
The cheer was caught up by tn? people
on the roofs and rolled ovjr the city.
Again the cavalry below . saluted and
again the guns of the Cubans spoke, this
time with a national salute of twenty-one
guns-. .The bands stationed on the plaza,
¦at Cabanas and at Malecon crashed out
with pride of country and the revenue
cutters arid battleships in j the harbor,
thundered" their strength of war. The j
foreign warships hoisted the flag of Cuba |
at their mastheads. The ensigns of Great
.Britain and Italy had recognized the re
public. - • • • •¦ ¦ • '
. The demonstration was. still in progress
when the cavalry wheeled ¦ and marched
to the wharf, where they immediately em
barked on the Morro Castle.
General Wood and his adjutant general,
Colonel Scott, with two aids, after a last
exchange of good, wishes, were driven to
the pier; where they entered a launch and
were flicked away to the Brooklyn. Both
ships got- under way as soon as possible
and~steamed out of "the harbor. •
/. The man at the taffrail of the Brooklyn
was kept busy dipping the flag in answer
to the salutes from the thousands' upon
the water front who watched her depart
ure.- ,-;¦¦ .-', ..'. .. ... ¦ -. ,- • -.'•'• ¦ . ¦'.: ¦'¦¦¦
A large flotilla . of various water era! t
escorted the Brooklyn to sea. ..—;.?. ;¦
TT~^v ARIS, '.May N 20.— It is officially an-
I .)y nouricecUithat' the Premier, Wal-
If"*^ -deck-Rousseau, will resign before
JJL June Jl; 1 leaving President Loubet
• to ;!form»a new Cabinet simul
taneously .with -the' meeting of the new
Chamber. S-o'-'X-V-'-' '* *•-'"= ¦•" • '.' '-'• ' ' ' ' .. ' t
Waldeck-Ro'usseau »... notified' ' President
Loubet. and- his{cOllea"gues just before the
President's departure for Russia, that he
considered heVftad, accomplished the work
of unity, wh'ieh was the object; of .his
taking onlce.-.'ana" that, therefore, he de
sired to retire^from the present Cabinet,
-but would' retain office .until anew. Cabi
net was formed? from representatives : of
the majbrlt^e|"thjB iriewly^electedjDepru-
C S RONBTtA.^T^^iEtossla; -^Maf^JOr; The
French sqUauiiron,' J .es'cor ting the*, armored
cruiser Montcalm, having President.Lou
bet oh board/twassigh'ted , : at ' about 8
o'clock 3this'mprning,:f slowly picking its
iway through, thefereat; blocks of ice still
*€ncumbering. ! fthe,'.V'lawer.: channel. The
'.weather was.;' extremely , cdld- and: it- was
•raining intermittentl}'. .> -^ri :-;-¦• ! ". -
K The porfcv W$? " .elaborately - decorated.
-•Welcoming ; mottoes were to be seen
'everywhere. "Great crowds assembled on
'the quays arid they; mingled their cheers
!with the salutes from the ships and forts
ias the Montcalm entered the harbor,
; ,where she •..was quickly surrounded by
!~. . . . . • t !..«.«« ?¦¦»¦?-?--?-?¦¦?-?..?..?. a
WASHINGTON, May 20.— Blind Chap
lain Milburn of the Senate was struck by
a runaway horse attached to a buggy as
he was leaving the Capitol to-day, just
after offering the prayer at the opening of
tho session. A largQ toe of one foot was
cut off and several of the other toes badly
injured. The accident would have been
far more serious but for Mr. Milburn's
daughter, who pulled him from a position
immediately in i front of the /runaway
horse as it was about to dash upon her
father.
Senate's Blind Chaplain Hurt.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON, May 20.-Emperor
William's purpose to establish and main
tain most cordial relations with the
Unite'd "States has 'again \been demon
strated by two facts which have been
brought io the attention of the adminis
tration officials." : ¦' ''
The most important "is that he con
sidering the sending- of Prince Friedrich
AVilhelm,. "Crown Prince of Germany, to
the United Si Statesf to participate in tho
ceremonies in connection with the unveil
ing of the statue of ..Frederick the Great
which he. proposes to donate to this Gov
ernment..;. -.-,• "' ' .-" ' . -
The second':is a formal request made
through the- German Embassador tnac
.the United States accord protection to
German interests menaced by the revolu
tion existing in Colombia. .
If the Emperor sends the Crown Prince
the latter will be given' a reception worthy
of his distinguished position. Friedricn
Wilhelm is 20 years of age, and is said to
be a tactful and worthy representative of
his father. If he- should be ordered to
Washington he will be accompanied by a
suite of high-ranking military and naval
officers. Emperor William will make his
son's visit, so far as he can, even more
pretentious than that ot Prince Henry.
'Secretary Hay has willingly undertaken
the protection. of. German; Interests on the
isthmus Of Panama, ¦; The request of the
Embassador has been referred to the Sec
retary of the.Navy^ with- 1 a request to is
sue appropriate instructions to the com
manding officers of the cruiser Philadel
phia at .Panama. and the gunboat Machias
at Bocas del Torotolook after the in
terests of Germany. -
The -authorities here believe that the
Emperor desires to show his recognition
of domination of the western
hemisphere and t& prevent the creation of
any unhappy comments such as would
arise in case German. marines were land
ed to protect German interests. The au
thorities, say that Germany need have no
fear that her interests will not be ade
quately, looked ,after. So satisfactory has
been the v conduct of Lieutenant Com
mander. McCrea, -commanding the Ma
chias, that' Secretary Moody sent that of
ficer to-day j a highly commendatory let
ter. ;. ' V >' ".
Special Dispatch \o The Call-
Senor Palma attached his sigiiature to'
the document as President of the repub
lic, 1 after an exchange of : congratulations !
and the old veteran, General Gomez, as
cended to the roof of the palace. He was'
instantly recognized and met with a great
demonstration of welcome. General Wood
himself undid the halyards from the flag
staff and lowered the * American colors
As. they ; fluttered down the cavalry below
saluted their flag,, and,, like an echo of
the cheers that arose, . came - the • distant
boom' of one of the great guns of Cabanas ¦
Fortress! across the bay. It was followed
by another and another. In rhythmic suc- :
cession until, forty-five 'shots had been
fired, one for each State in the Union i As
the first gun spoke the flags on Morro '
Castle ajid those , on the Santa Clara- and
Punta fortresses were- lowered. The Juris
dlctlon of ; the United States ' had ended. .' :
• In the, meantime aCuban flag- hadbeen
bent on ' the - halyards : of , the ' palace • flag-,
staff .; and with his own hands -General -
White House, Washington, May 10,' 1902 — *
To the President and Congress . of the Repub* '
He" of Cuba^-Slrs:: On the 20th of this month,
the Military Governor of Cuba - will, by my
direction, transfer to you the control and gov
ernment of the island of Cuba,; to be thence- "<
forth- exercised under the . provisions of the 1
constitution* adopted by" your * constitutional;,
convention as on that day promulgated, and '
he • will ¦ thereupon declare • the • occupation of!
Cuba by the United States to be at an end
At the same time I desire to express to yoii
the sincere friendship and good 1 wishes T of the'
United States and our most earnest hopes for'
the. stability and . success of your Government,"
for the blessings of peace. Justice,- prosperity
and freedom among : your people, and for en-'
during friendship between the republic of ¦• the ;
United States and the republic of. Cuba. . '¦-;
: ; s ' THEODORE ROOSEVELT
, , President of _the United States. '
• I am further charged by the President of
the United "States to deliver .to' you the let-',
ter ' which I now hand you. I >
. ' ¦"" . LEONARD WOOD, \ •-¦
Military Governor. ¦
4. The rules and regulations established by the
President of the United States on the 16th of
January, 1899, for the maintenance of quaran
tine against epidemic diseases at the ports of
Havana, Matanzas, Clenfuegos and Santiago de
Cuba, and thereafter at the other ports of the
island, as extended and amended and made ao
pllcable to future conditions, by the order of the'
Military Governor, dated the „ day at
April, 10C2. - * ,-' , y : , o ;i
5.. The sanitary rules and regulations in force
in the city of Havana. (And in any other city
having official rules, etc.). f>
It is understood by the United States that
the present Government of the Isle of Pines
will continue as a de facto Government pend
ing, the settlement of the title to said Island'
by treaty, pursuant to the Cuban constitu
tion and . the act of Congress . approved March
2, 1901. ¦ - .-'*¦. * . ¦ ¦:•
• 3. A plan for the sewering of the city of
Santiago de Cuba, a contract, for which was
awarded to Michael J. Daly & Co. by the Mili
tary Governor of Cuba and '.now under con
struction. -¦!):.-.
2. A plan for waterworks to supply the city
of Santiago de Cuba, prepared by Captain S E
Reckenbach, in charge of the- district of San- :
tiago, and approved by the Military Governor
providing for taking water from the wells of-
San Juan Canyon and pumping the same to
reservoirs located on the heights to the east of
the city. .- . ' •-¦•¦¦ - . :-..<¦ :
1. A plan i for the paving and sewering of
the city of Havana, for which a' contract has
been awarded by. the municipality of that city
to McGivney, Hokeby & Co.~ : .. .
The plans already devised for the sanitation
of .the cities of the; island and: to prevant a re-'
currence of epidemic and "infectious" diseasae to
which the Government of the United States
understands that the constitution contained in
the fifth article of the appendix, applies, are as
follows: ¦ ¦¦¦.. ,«;:•;.."»¦ -,..•
This transfer of government and control is
upon the express condition, and the Government
of the United States will so' understand, that by
the acceptance thereof you ; do now, pursuant
to the provisions of the said constitution, as
sume . and undertake . all and severally the ob
ligations assumed by the United States with
respect to Cuba ' by. the treaty " between the
United States of America and ' her Majesty,
the Queen Kegent of . Spain, ' signed at Paris
on the 10th day of December, 1808.
All money obligations 'of the military gov-i
ernment down to this date- have "been paid as
far as practicable. The public civil funds de
rived from the -revenues of Cuba transferred
to you this day, .amounting to $— r^~, are
transferred subject- to -.such claims' and obliga
tions properly payable out of the rrevenues of
the island as may remain, s The sum of. $100,000
has been reserved • from the j transfer of funds
to defray anticipated expenses at accounting
reporting and winding up the> a^tatrs-.of -the
military government, after • which any
pended balance of said -sum will be paid" into
the treasury of the island. -v.
To the President and Congress of the Kepub
llc of Cuba — Sirs: Under the direction of the
President of the United States I now trans
fer to you as the duly elected representatives
of the people of Cuba the government and con
trol of the island, to be held and exercised by
you, under ¦ the provisions of the constitution
of ¦ the- repubHc of Cuba. . heretofore adopted
by the constitutional convention 'and this day
promulgated, and I hereby j declare the occu
pation of Cuba by the United States and the
military government of the Island to be ended.
Proclamation C simply declares the
new constitution to be In full force, after
the date thereof, and recites the provi
sions. Then comes the following:
• Headquarters Department of Cuba,.
A ,• t HAVANA,. May : 20, 1002.
Thereupon, at that time, . the occupation of
Cuba by the United States and the military
g-overnment of the Island will cease and ter
minate anfl the government and control of the
island will be transferred to the President and
Congress so elected, to be held and exercised
by them under the constitution, bo promul
gated. ' •
Such transfer will be upon the understand
ing and condition that the new government
does thereby -and by the acceptance thereqf
pursuant to the provisions of the said appen
dix to the constitution, assume and undertake
all and severally the obligations assumed by
the United States of America, and her Majesty
the Queen Regent of Spain, signed at Paris on
tno 10th day of December, 189,8.
pie. After.', formal greetings General;
Wood read the documentary . transfer j
prepared by the War ..Department,
pledging- the new Government to j imme
diately proclaim the constitution and the
Platt amendment contained in the ap
pendix, and to" undertake all obligations
assumed by. the United States with:,re
spect to Cuba by the treaty of Paris. .."
Proclamation "B" is issued by General
Wood, as military Governor. It reciies
in due form that the Cuban Congress
convened in Havana May 5, . examined
the credentials and certified to' the elec
tion of the Senators and Representatives,
now in Congress, and also found Tomas
Estrada Palma and Cuba Luis - Esteves.
Romero to have been • elected respec
tively President and Vice President • of
the republic; that on May 20 at noon
the Cuban constitution will go Into ef
fect. The document 'then reads: . ., . ',
CHICAGO, May 20.— An amicable under
standing is about to be effected between
the Federal Government at Washington
and the Northern Securities Company, 'ac
cording to the Daily News, If says, that
for some time friends of J. P. Morgan and
J. J. Hill have been . importuning , Presi
dent Roosevelt to have the suit against
the company called off. • - ' .
From one of the stockholders of the
Northern Securities Company it has been
learned that assurances have been given
by the Federal authorities that if certain
modifications in the company's financial :
construction be made the -Attorney. Gen
eral would consider withdrawing the Gov
ernment's suits against the company.
"The chief charges consider traffic ar- !
rangements," says the News, "and it may !
be stated on the best authority: that the
alterations will be complied with. ¦••. •¦ v .•;
"One of the largest stockholders in the
Northern Securities Company stated to-.
day that the company would be so reor
ganized as to make practically nothing
more of the concern than, a mere holding
company. .There would be an. administra
tive head of a financial character, but for ,
the rest the Burlington, Northern Pacific
and the Great Northern would be abso
lutely independent. They are to fix their
rates, separately, make rates with
pers, enter traffic compacts with other
roads and do as .they please, but without'
consulting each other. ; • ' .
"Various officials are to be chosen by
the various boards of directors,' who':in
turn will be elected by stockholders,, re,-
gerdless of the possible. 1 wishes of the
men who have had the direction of affairs
since last May." . :. .'. *
Evidence That ;.He Desires
Enduring Cordial Re
; lations.
Assurances ' Given That .Fed
/ eral Oases Will Be *
¦< Withdrawn; > < ;
curities Company
May Agree.
Government and the Se-
Emp eror William May
Soon Send Crown
Prince Here.
KAISER'S LOVE
WAXES FERVENT
MORGAN WANTS
SUIT DISMISSED
THE SAN FRANOISCO ,,-GiLIi, WEDNESDAY, MAY 21, 1902
EMINENT PREMIER OF FRANCE
WILL LEAVE HIS HIGH POSITION
Waldeck-Rousseau,; Believing .in the Ac
complishment of ;His .Endeavors for Unity,
Proposes' ;to Give Up. the .Leadership
2
ADVERTISEMENTS.
v JL^UxJJUl V fl/LA/r I/O ;¦¦;;.>.
- ¦ -jL. " the queen of table waters." : .
¦;--: . :¦ . , ¦ '-. ¦ . i ...'-¦¦ -. -
is supplied to • •
His Majestyy The King of England
¦ ¦' and to ¦ .. ; ¦} - / -'-¦ '
and served at: all the Court Festivities.
attends to^jTJxir convTori" air\d. con- |
|| vemeivce^soH"Koro\ig*K^t^ I
1 r6^Vet tKe eixd of tKe trip.Evei^>
cprvveivience of a. fHshiorv^ble Kbtel 'nr
|8 Ghieaeb in three \dayk'':''$£- : .\ ; |
,1 ¦¦ 'City; Ticket- Office .. 641 -Market ''St. " M
'That ,.-''¦;,"¦".' '4'.
[-¦y^Tired:}: Feeling ¦¦'
¦ rs''a~jC*ornnpion" Spring TroubJe. . ; ,"
*r It's a sign that the blood is deficient
in just as -pimples 'and other
eruptions are signs that' the blood is im-
'pitre.; ' -.':^ ,„'¦'¦¦:' .'¦¦'-¦¦¦]'. '"--'.
; '. It's" a warning; too/ which only the
hazardous fail to heed. '
Hoo^sSarsaptnUa
it, : give new life, new cour-
'ag€,': strength and" animation.-
: ;!They; cleanse the blood; and clear, the
•complexion. -, .. ¦ .';-..
:};Accept. no' Substitute: . .
Hood's SarsapariHa promises to
cure and keeps the promise. *
® VIM, VIGOR, VITALITY for MEN
MORMON BISHOP'S PILL3
have been - in use over fifty
years by the leaders of th»
Mormon • Church and their
followers. Positively cure th»
worst cases to old and young
arising from effects of self-
abuse, dissipation, excesses or
cigarette-smoking. Cure Lost
Manhood, Impotency, Lost
Power. Night Losses. Insom-
nia, Pains in Back. Evil Desires. Lame Back.
Nervous Debility, Headache. Unfltness to Mar-
ry, Loss of Semen, mm Varfcocete or Con-
stipation, Stop Ner r> f -J vous Twitching of
Eyelids, Effects are Immediate. Im-
part vigor and pote «•«« f • ncy to every func-
tion.. Don't get despondent; a cure is\at hand.
Restore, small, undeveloped organs. &imulata
the brain and nerve centers; BOo a box; 6 for
$2 50 by mail. A written guarantee to cure or
money refunded with 6 boxes. Circulars free.
Address BISHOP REMEDY CO.. 40 Ellis St..
San Francisco, Cal. GRANT DRUG >CO.. 33
and *0 Third at. ¦
I visit DR. JORDAN'S great A
{MUSEUM OF AMTOHYf
A GB ' ISSlHASZSTSI.li:. 6:k*:a,5.r.C»2. i ;
\ ij~. '¦^t '- T& e Largest Anatomical Museum in the
BT ' Jb«v World. Vi eakneues or any contracted j I
" ' WJS S« *sea»e p»«l«»»«-ly core4 by the oldest '
O ISiJF i Specialist on the Coast. Est 36 years. O
A fl^^I DR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN A
A luM^I Consultation fr;e and strictly priTate. \
§ I S*f£n Treatment personally or by lettt*. A m
\ I W Tl W i*««*»M Cure in every ease undertaken. \
MFt lift Write for Book. PniLOfibrnV of A
"'I If 1 * »JlRnlAGE, MAILED FKXS, (AT
Jl A '/L valuable book for mm) . 1
9 DB. JORDAN A CO.. 1051 Market St., 3. F. V
nl &sB$ ' lasfiJBS tB . H jfara^^ JB
SrS $1 C&3 f*^ TS ™ elf
I DR.PIERCES
: ' MEDICAL
DISCOVERY
FOR THE
I BLOOD,LIVER.LUNGS.
H^^^S?ys^ : - r NothingUkeit. Comfort & |3
H"" /fifV 4 8ecu rity! A Perfect Retainer. Jfl
O fffh n k oes the work! iy Call or tim
%' //yf\ write today for "wxttjxt so. 1«**^B,
-»,. Addr «s3: Magnetic E. Trass Co, -Km I
206 Post Street, San Francisco, Cal. MS J
Or 33 \V. 24th St., New York, MeaUoa tll» Paper *£&!
gag - CN!CHC«TCR'S CNQLISM
pEHNYROYAL PILLS
6>^\. Mm «rl6»n«l nnd Only ee«uln«w
f"J l^^L *» CHICHESTEW8 ENGLISH
*f'>**^pS\ ia KEI> ini HoM raetmJUo boiu. m»:»1
TT\ -p#rJ»!UiW D «rlbboQ. Taketoothar. ttefu*.
lTl W^ I>m-<«coro«« Baaatltatloaa and Xmlca.
1 /' ' (TT tlonit. Bay »r your Dragtitt. or »ead +«. I*
I <¦» Uf «tamp« for Pmrtlflular*. TNtlmanlml*
\ 9* ' F? ud "ReM«f for L»aie»,"i» Uttmr, b/ r«.
m^s. f/ tarn Mali. 10,000 Taitiaonlain. Sold Sy
. - »I1 Drauieta. - Cbloheater Cket lost O*_
SgyfyjBS&r L\JECTION. <
TiTpERMANENT CURE I
J of the most obstinate cases of Gonorrhoea a '
5 and Gleet, eaaranteed In from. 3 to 6 C
2 dajs ; no other treatment required. - s
•| .-. . - - , Sold by. all druggists. 5 -
WONG WOO.
CHINESE TEA AND HERB
t» f SANITARIUM.
.|j^|v_ 764-66 Clay St., S. F., Cal.
5kP&/v'I\v A ll diseases cubed
. *#/»>«*3K«nt w t^. exclusively by Chinese
' herbs, over 3000 varieties being used. Hours,
9:30 to 11 a. m.. 1 to 3 and 7 to 9 p. m.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON * STS.— RK-
, modeled and renovated. KINO, WARD &
CO. European plan. Rooms, 60c to $1 50" day:
*3 to |8 week; $8 to $20 month. Free baths;
hot and cold water every room; fire grates is
every room; elevator runs all night.
-. - : — — — ~ (
W/^T. HESS,
K0TAHT PiratlO Alfl) ATTORNKT-AT-IilW.
Tenth Floor. Room 1015, Claas' Spreciieli Bids.
Telephone Main 983.
Residence. 821 California St.. below Powell.
: Residence Telephone. James 1301.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE • DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
Great Mexican Remedy; grlves health and
strength to sexual 'organs. Depoty323 MarJtet.
I2/iho50?Foundr^^ B * > Phone 3o5h 5lO
™ e KONA KOiFFEE K0MPANY
*<•»• Sol* Agents
H5 StOCktOn St. neap Geary 3k
OPP- City of Paris Dry CoodJ.Compa.ny
Oh! my back! Oh! my head! Dear friend a
is. this your cry morningr, noon and night? d!
you know what it means? A life of misery and
unhappiness, and. if not attended to In time
eventually the srave. . ¦
"Why suffer from backaches, headaches, dlzzl.
ness. mQnthly Irregularities, leucorrhea. eto..
all of which render .yoa Indifferent aa ."to
whether you live or die? .We all have a mission
here to^ferform anjj in order!to carry it out wi
must have health. We have no right to abusr
that greatest of God's most bounteous gifts-
Health.
Woman la like a piece of machinery. * th«
works of which are very intricate and delicate.
and must be handled with extreme care. j ;
When the generative organs get . into thai
weakened, rundown condition, action Is Im-
peded and that imp'aira the circulation of th«
blood, thus bringing on numerous complaint!
which affect the entire, system, and it Is impos.
slble for women so afflicted to manifest thf
same pleasure and interest in life that they
would do if, the generative organs were in a
perfectly healthy condition, thus insuring a
g-oofl circulation of the blood and thereby build-
In? up the whole system.
I You have probably taken tonics of all de-
scriptions and varieties, and. obtaining no ben-
efit, are about to resort to an operation, or per-
haps you have not the $15O or |200 necessary
for it and are growing despondent and living a
life of prolonged misery, whereas if you would
use. that well-known and long-tried remedy,
Kemp's Suppositories, which is a local treat-
ment, you would not fail to realize that thera
is a cure without the aid of instruments of any
kind, and that life really does hold something
worth llvins for.
Kemp's Suppositories are put up by the K. SI
C^ Medical Co., and contain neither cocaine,
morphine or opium. $2500 offered to any drug-
gist who can prove that the above statement ii
not true. • - ¦ ¦-
30 Kemp's Suppositories, $2 00. If your drug-
gist does not sell them call -at our office, or w«
will send them postpaid on receipt of abovt
price.
, Send for testimonials.
KS.C. MEDICAL CO.
Phone Howard 13C5.
1236 Market St., cor. Jones.
Hours 0 to 5 and 6 to 7:30 p. m. Sundays,
II a. m. to 1 p. m. . *
Use Kemp's Suppositories for <jne month, and
if not satisfied with the result teturn box and
we will gladly refund your money.
TO WHOM IT MAY CONCERN,
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
AD V EitTISF.TffE'NTa.
|/l When You Buy a
V* // Don't buy it because it's cheap; but because of Us fJ
VL JM merits. Choose a piano as you would choose a wife, on \§ j
y&ljjJtfM its good qualities alone. Our lines of pianos constitute ' 1|A^'
\wjjt the greatest, best and most reliable makes— the most per- ill
-*<7£r\ ¦ feet productions of the world's greatest' geniuses In All
pian0 construction. If you contemplate purchasing a £Ql\
\ yf;;yVy| piano call and see us or write. vm 1 1
$W The WILEY B. ALLEN CO, fl
/(?*%&> 931 Market St., - San Francisco. W§
III AH Market-street cars stop In front of our door. II I
fir BRANCH-S51 BROADWAY, OAKLAND. ill
An mi-/) I
rllUlUili
Clearance Sale
V^V Furniture...
I'^l'l To clo.^e during the sale we
£.-.;§ f offer Parlor, Din ing-Room, Library,
pi 1 § Hall Furniture, and many pieces of
p§5i the , beit goods manufactured at
p|f| reductions of
H - 25 to 5CMPer Cent.
B Drapery Dep't.,.
f^fj Exceptional Values.
r : ;-. ; .j A few examples:
U0\ BAGDAD PORTIERES -
WM' Reouc?d trom £10.50 to
H $7.OO each.
Illl TAPESTRY PORT1ERES-
p;3 ReduceJ from $6 75 to
i ;".] $5mOO P er pair-
Vj TAPESTRY COVERINGS-
[!%1 Formerly |>2.oo per yard; now
'"•"-&1 -• - V:- ' $1.25. .
I'-:!''.. Formerly 90c per yard; - now
: I "' \, ?. 65c-
Y^i C LACE CURTAINS —
k, 1 : Attractive Of ferlngs.
H Oriental Dugs...
L\J - We ofier a large selection of
r' v - 1 ; " rare pirces at reductions varying
|;-1 from 25 t0 4O P er cent -
U Carpets.
r~ • ] . Best Tapestry Brussels Made.
l s r;J " t Reduced to 75- P"f yard.
R'-j-j - Regular prut?, $i.co per yard...
\\:A - BODYBRUSSELS-* :
[•/ A • Highest Grade '
' .; |r'/i Choice Effects . .
f.';i Reduced to $1.12% and
y-i • $1.25 per yaiii; regular price
' -WS& 51-25 and $1.50 per yard.
P $ HIGH PILE AXMINSTERS -
t • Latest Styles and Colorings.
'; m Rcdu-.---J to $1.00 p-rVard.
I . REMNANTS OF BODYBRUSSELS
M '. $1.OO P«r yard.
\ ': . B ing size of room.
m\ "I
i ¦* Stw d, Lined and Laid.
IH Largest stock on the Coast from
CARPETS — FURNITURE— UPHOLSTERY
A f fh A tl p'c 114 ' 116 » 118 ' 120 ' 122
ill aJIUUIIv O Post StreetContinued From Page One.
the 12-year-old son of ex-Governor G.\ W.
Baxter of Colorado, was seriously though
not dangerousdly injured this morning by
riding his bicycle Into a telegraph wire
that had. been "blown dowri:by yesterday's
storm. The wire was lying across Alva
rado street, near the Pacific Ocean House.
McGhee Baxter Injured.
MONTEREY. May 20.— McGhee Baxter,
SACRAMENTO, May 20.— A shock of
earthquake lasting several seconds was
felt here at 10:22 o'clock to-night. The
shock was gentle, though very distinct.
SUISUN, May 20.— Another earthquake
shock was felt here at 10:22 o'clock this
evening. The oscillations lasted about five
seconds. They, were very light and did no
damage. ".. , .
UP-COUNTRY CITIES ,
¦j\r r • FEEL SLIGHT QUAKE
From One to Thirty-Five.
Marshall Fountain Pens— $1.00.
A. A. Waterman Fountain Pens— $1.50.
Waterman's Ideal Fountain Pens from
$2.50 to $35 each. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741
Market street. •• , . •
To his wife's nephew here Kouney said
that Scharsch also had a shotgun, which
would be found cocked beside the body.
District Attorney Dozler and Coroner
Greene will leave for the scene early in
the morning., • />'.':*.;>:
Scharsch went into Kouney's field yes
terday .. afternoon, dragged 15-year-old
George Kouney from a mowing machine
and beat him.. Last night the boy and
his mother started for Redding to obtain
a warrant for Scharsch's arrest. As
mother and son were preparing to return
with an officer this- afternoon Kouney
himself arrived, announced that he had
killed Scharsch and gave himself up. ¦
Kouney says that he went to. his field
at 9:30 o'clock this morning, carrying a
pitchfork and a shotgun. -Charles
Scharsch, who lay In wait, leaped over
the fence and came at him with a largo
rock, crying, "Now I've got you." Kouney
raised his gun and fired, the full charge
striking Scharsch's head.
Joseph Kouney killed Charles Scharsch,
his wife's brother. After the killing he
left the "body in the field, drove to Red
ding and surrendered himself to Sheriff
Behrens. :'.;..; > jvV
1 Kouney Is a man of 55 years. He has a
wife . and two children. His brother-in
law,; Scharsch, aged 40 years, formerly
made his home with them. He became
dictatorial, quarreled with his sister and
the children and was finally requested to
move away. He did so, but several weeks
ago returned and took a house near by.
He frequently met Mrs. Kouney on the
road and threatened her. He frightened
the Kouney -children, and is said to have
defied Kouney to interfere.' Some believed
him to be slightly insane.
REDDING, May 20.— Two of the best
known farmers of the Bear Creek district,
eighteen miles east of Redding, met in a
fatal encounter to-day. One is dead and
the other a prisoner. . The circumstances
indicate that had there. been a trifling de
lay the slayer would have been the slain.
Special Dlsnatch to The Call.
Says He Fired Fatal Shot to
Save His Own ' Life When
Attacked.
in Redding.
Shasta County, Farmer
/ Surrenders Himself
SLAYS BROTHER
OF HIS SPOUSE
PLACES IN VERDURE-CLAD
ISLANDS THREATENED BY
THE VOLCANOES.
VICTORIA, B. C.^May 20.— The Board oi
Trade to-day voted down a resolution to pe
tition the Dominion Government to revoke thi
order in council which allows < American -ves
sels to load freight destined for the Canadlat
Yukon at this port and Vancouver.
ST. THOMAS^ D. W. I., May 20.-
Another great explosion of Mont Pelee ii
reported from Fort de. France as havini
occurred this morning. It Is regarded ai
possible that the volcano has erupted' ii
worse form than before. •¦••¦".•¦ .
Worse Form Than Before.
It Is Possible the Exuption Is i:
GREAT EXPLOSION* REPORTED.
' ST. THOMAS. May 20.— Consternatlor
was caused "here this morning by the ap
pearance of a cloud ; streaked with flame,
surmounted by a cap resembling bur
nished silver.. This cloud hung over "th*
city and finally drifted away, flames play
ing through it as though, it was living
fire. It is feared that another great dis
aster has occurred south of here. De
tonations greater than those of May- J
were heard this morning here as well as
In Guadeloupe and Antigua;
rushed out into the street of
the town shrieking and praying." It Is re
ported that a tidal wave destroyed a por
tion of the village of Le Carbet." Th<
Suchet will go at once to St. Pierre
Many of the Inhabitants of Fort d<
France have embarked on available ves
sels in the harbor and Intend to sect
refuge on the island of Guadeloupe or tc
the southward.
¦ ¦ ORT DE FRANCE, May 20.
, Mj . A cloud of cinders \ issued
M from Mont Pelee amid awful
Kg detonations to-day. It is esti
-*»¦ " . mated that 20,000 persons
From the Special Correspondent .of
The Call and the New York Her
ald. Copyright, 1902, by the New
, York Herald Publishing Company.
Tidal Wave Reported
to Have Swept
Le Car bet.
SPOKANE, May 20.— J. F. Walker was
discovered by soldiers yesterday after
noon wandering aimlessly about Fort
Wright. He is now in jail awaiting ex
amination on a charge of insanity. Walk
er, who it is believed recently came from
the Sound, says he was war correspond
ent for the New York Sun in Cuba, Porto
Rico and the Philippines. It is believed
his present condition might be in part the
result of exposure in those campaigns.
War Correspondent Insane.
WASHINGTON, May 20.— For the third
time within a week the House has in
structed its conferees on matters of dis
pute between the Senate and House. To
day the Instructions were given on
amendments to the army bill before the
conferees had even considered the mat
ters in controversy.
The motion to instruct was made by
Cannon of Illinois, chairman of the Ap
propriation Committee. It was resisted
by Hull, chairman of the Committee on
Itllitary Affairs, and the somewhat spir
ited debate which followed developed an
' tagonism between the committees. The
amendment which Cannon aimed at was
that increasing the appropriation for mil
itary posts from $3,000,000 to $4,000,000.
Questions in the Charge of Conferees
Cause Dissatisfaction and
Anxiety.
IRE IS DEVELOPED
BETWEEN COMMITTEES
A search was commenced at once and
word was sent to the neighbors, who dis
patched their employes to the assistance
of the family. About fifty men continued
the- search all yesterday afternoon and to
day frequent additions swelled the num
ber to a thousand. The child's shoes were
found near the house, but the little fellow
has dropped out of sight so completely
that, although hardly a foot of ground
within a mile of the Pereira dwelling has
not been passed over, the hunt has
proved absolutely futile.
Opinion differs as to the babe's fate.
Some believe it has crawled into the high
grain In some neighboring field. Others be
lieve that the child was stolen. As the
parents are poor and know of no enemies,
no motive for kidnaping can be assigned.
A reward of $300 has been offered for in
formation leading to the recovery of the
baby. . ¦• ¦-¦*£¦ "'¦ ?
Pereira is a farmer residing near St.
John. His infant was cutting childisn
pranks before a visitor at the farm yes
terday forenoon. When the dinner bell
rang this man responded to the call, leav
ing the baby at the gate. The little fel
low was barefooted and carried his shoes
in his hand. A few minutes later one of
Pereira's little girls was sent out to
bring the child in to dinner. She returned
and reported that she could find no trace
of ths baby.
WILLOWS, May 20.— One thousand men
have spent the day searching the hills of
Northern Butte County for trace of the
two-and-a-hal'-year-old child of - John
Pereira, who disappeared from St. John
yesterday. The searchers include contin
gents from Willows, Chico, St. John, Or
land and all the country hereabouts. They
have traversed neld and range, hill and
dale, so thoroughly that it would seem al
most impossible that the child should not
have been seen by some one; but late to
night, when most of the searchers re
turned home to await the coming of the
morrow, not the slightest trace of the
little one had been found. Several hun
dred men are still afield continuing the
hunt, while the exhausted parties that
have been out all day get a little rest.
Szxscial Dispatch to The Call.
Neighbors Hold to Kidnaping
Theory and Heavy Beward Is
Offered for Recovery of
Idttle One.
His Home.
Farmer's Infant Son Disap
f pears From Dooryard of
Army of Searchers on
Hills of Northern
Butt© County.
ONE THOUSAND
MEN IN QUEST
OF LOST BABE
A WFUL DETONATIONS CAUSE PEOPLE
TO SHRIEK AND PRAY IN STREETS
As the, boy rode- over It the broken end
Hew up and coiled itself round his neck,
dragging him from his wheel and inflict
ing several ugly cuts. about the neck and
face. The boy had a narrow escape, as
one of the cuts barely missed the jugular
vein. -.».'¦;
Again a turn was made seaward, and as it was seen that the
wind had shifted the danger from St. Pierre, we ran back to the
landing. A party of sailors went ashore and brought off the
body. We returned then to Fort de France, where all was
panic. .
Terrible as was the eruption that came last night, it was mild
in comparison with that which occurred early this morning.
At half-past 5 o'clock a thick, heavy cloud, lit up by flashes
of lightning and the rising sun, rose from Mont Pelee. The
people of Fort de France at once became panic-stricken and
in scant attire rusted excitedly through the streets of the
town. Stones from\the volcano as big. as hazel nuts fell in the
streets. . Many of the inhabitants, hurriedly embarked on ;the
vessels in the Harbor, Wid it was with difficulty that they were
eventually reassured. \\t 7 o'clock,, however, the excitement
was over and the people became calm.
Owing to the hast\ retreat that was made from the British
consulate the body of T\lr. Japp/ which had been coffined, was
not recovered. It is now\deemed too dangerous v ; a task to, re
turn for, the body, which lies about a mile back from the shore.
Many, of the refugeesVnd a large proportion. of the inhab
itants of Fort de France slept last night at the water's edge.
\
When the Potomac had been put beyond the apparent dan
ger an observation was taken. Then the ship was- turned up the
coast arid was run close in under the column of death. As close
as the ship could be sent without courting destruction the Po
tomac went to the stream of lava. All about us the sea was
boiling, and the steam that came up over the sides was so
dense as to make it all but impossible to see through.
Several new craters seemed to have been formed and from
these lava was flowing down to the ocean. As the molten mass
joined the water great clouds of steam were raised and the sin
ister hissing could be heard amid the roar of the eruption.
Finally. the distance was covered and at the end it was dis
covered that, after all, the body would have to be temporarily
abandoned. Heavy seas were sweeping shoreward." It was
with great difficulty that the party was taken on board* by the
Potomac; but it was accomplished safely and just in time.
Straight out to sea for five jniles ran the Potomac while all eyes^
watched the eruption — the grandest and most awe-inspiring
sight ever witnessed "by man. There was an inner cofumn of fire
that reached perpendicularly into the air. About it was a funnel
shaped mass, of ashes and gas that could be penetrated by the
eye only when the flames burned brightest.
Half a mile was covered in this manner, each minute the
sky darkening. The heat was. beyond comprehension. In the
air was volcanic dust that made respiration hard labor.
His fellows had spirit enough to greet this sentiment with
a cheer. It was heartening, and it served to shame the French
men into a show of bravery. As rapidly as possible the sailors
made their way over the debris to the shore. Once one of them
stumbled. His fellows waited until he could recover himself,
when all went on together, still bearing the encoffinedLbody of
the Consul.
were saved. The ashes, gases, smoke and stones, instead of
pouring immediately upon us, were carried out over the sea.
Working among the ruins were a few Frenchmen^ who had re
mained ashore after their fellows had fled in fright. These men
became panic-stricken. They fell upon their knees and prayed
to be saved from the destruction which they feared was about
to fall upon them. They were in hysteria. Not one of the
Frenchmen was not in tears. Under the circumstances the pres
ence of mind and bravery of the American sailors was worthy of
the greatest praise. They refused to put down their burden.
"If we die," one of them said, "we will die with this body on
our shoulders."
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 21, 1902.
DE. XXLICEB'S SWAMP-BOOT.
3
POSTUM CEREAL.
JTEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
LACK COW SENSE.
People Get Willful.
"I earnestly entreat all coffee drinkers
to change to Postum. What is the use
of suffering day and, night because of
come paltry coffee when one has but to
leave it off and use Postum to be well?
And I think any one will agree with me
that health Is worth everything else;
morey. property or fame." Name given
*— Pom urn Co.. Battle Creek. Mich.
"She said a lot more, and when I went
home I got a box of Postum and began
using it. Such a soothing effect took
place and I began sleeping nights and
felt a relief from my awful nervous ten-
sion. Gradually and surely I got well
and now I feel as strong and healthy as
a woman should at my age, with all my
old-time energy restored.
"She said: 'Five years ago I was af-
fected much, as you are, but I quit drink-
ing ceffee and began using Postum Food
Coffee, and that produced the result you
pee and restored me to health.'
"One day while visiting a minister's
wife, a motherly' old lady, she proposed
to give me a cup of coffee, the kind she
had been using three times a day for
three years. So she brought out a cup
of the most fragrant, delicious beverage.
It was coffee and it was not coffee.. I
tried it and was eager to know how 1t
was made.
"My stomach was in dreadful shape and
I was unable to sleep at night, nervous
prostration set in and I became barely
able to drag about.
"One physician advised me to quit cof-
fee and I tried quitting by the use of will
power, but every time It was a mlserabl©
failure.
A lady says: "Why will people wait as
long as I did when it is so easy to save
oneself the suffering caused by coffee
drinking? After using ' coffee several
years I discovered that I was breaking
down nervously. I consulted several doc-
tors, but in spite of everything steadily
srrt-w worse.
'A cow or horse or even a dog will re-
fuse to eat or drink what the animal
knows to be harmful, but mankind will
persist in pouring in coffee eve n after
having been fully assured that it is stead-
ily killing him- Once In a while they
wake up and do the sensible thing.
They Sell All Kinds of HairxPrepara-
tions, and Fear to Discriminate.
. . Druggists sell all kinds of hair prepara-
tions, and as a rule they are wisely 'chary
of giving preference to .any : particular
one, but many fof ; them haye^ come out
plainly for I Newbro's Herplcide, the new
treatment that absolutely kills '. the ; dan-
druff germ. :H. ' Swannell ,&; Son, Cham-
paign, 111., -say: "One ; customer of . ours
who did not : have a hair on;top of his
head when he began to use Herpiclde now
has a fair start , toward < a good head of
hair. We believe Herpiclde to be by far
the best preparationiof '¦¦ Its kind " on* the
market.", \ of similar . testlmor
nials from everywhere". ¦ ' ' ' "• ,
DRUGGISTS MUST BE CHARY.
To Prove What the Great Kidney Remedy, Swamp-foot, Will Do
for YOU Every Reader, of The Call May Dave a Sample
Bottle Sent Absolutely Free by Mail.
It used to be considered that only urin-
ary and bladder troubles were to be
traced to the kidneys, but now modern
science proves that nearly all diseases
have their beginning in the disorder of
these .most important organs.
The kidneys filter and purify the blood-
that is their work.
Therefore, when your kidneys are weak
or out of order you i can understand how
quickly your entire body is affected and
how every organ seems .to fail to do its
duty. ' - • - '
If you are sick or "feel badly" begin
taking the great kidney remedy. Dr.
Kilmer's Swamp-Root, because as soon as
your kidneys are well they will help all
the other organs to health. A trial will
convince any one.
•Weak and unhealthy kidneys are re-
sponsible* for many kinds of diseases, and
if permitted to continue much suffering,
•with' fatal results,' is sure to follow. Kid-
ney trouble irritates the nerves, makes
you dizzy, restless, sleepless and irritable.
Makes you pass water often during the
day, and obliges you to get up many
times during the night. Unhealthy kid-
neys cause rheumatism, gravel, catarrh
of the bladder, pain or dull ache in the
back, joints and muscles; makes your
head ache and back ache, causes indiges-
tion, stomach and liver trouble; you get
a sallow, yellow complexion; -makes you
feel as though you had heart trouble; you
may have plenty of ambition, but no
strength; get weak and waste away.
'The cure for these troubles is Dr. Kil-
mer's Swamp-Root, the world-famous
kidney remedy. In taking Swamp-Root
you afford .• natural help to nature, for
Swamp-Root is the most perfect healer
and gentle aid to the kidneys that is
known to medical science.
If there is any doubt in .your mind as
to your condition take from your urine on
rising about four ounces, place it in a
glass or bottle and let . it stand twenty-
four hours. If on examination it is milky
or cloudy, if there is a brickdust settling,
or if small particles float about in it, your
kidneys are in need of immediate atten-
tion. . • ¦ ;:S:- <
I Swamp-Root is. pleasant to take and is
used in the leading hospitals, recommend-
ed by physicians in their private practice
and Is taken by doctors .themselves who
have kidney ailments, because they recog-
nize in it the greatest and most successful
remedy for kidney, liver and bladder
troubles. : ¦. v ¦ •"
If yon are . already convinced that
Swamp-Root Is what you need, you can
purchase the regular. 50-cent' and $1 size
bottles at the drugstores everywhere.
Don't make any mistake, but remember
the. name, Swamp-Root. 'Dr. Kilmer's
Swamp-Root, and the address, Bingham-
ton, N. Y., on every bottle. • (Swamp-Root Is pleasant to^take.) -
EDITORIAIi NOTE— If you have the slightest symptoms of kidney or blad-
der troubles, or if there is a trace of it in your family history, send at once to Dr.
Kilmer & Co., Binghamton, N. Y., who will gladly send you by mall, Immedlate-
. ly, without cost to you, a sample bottle of Swamp-Root and a. book containing
many of the thousands upon thousands of testimonial letters received from men
and women cured. In writing be sure to say that you read this ganerous offer in
the San Francisco Daily Call. 1- . - *-*
Thousands Have Kidney Trouble and Never
Suspect It*
i. .'¦ ¦ *
ii SWAMP-ROOT ll
i8| Kidney, Liver and Bladder |Sy9
siclli DIKiCTiON5»- |r*"^J^
t3|| M«y t»to cn«, two or threw I! gfl»3|
IB - I t eu P OODfuIsbe to reorllf t ermeals tfjwtifin
'HjI I Children le» according to age. ifitraj
[S3 I May commenco with small deses Ijjj I jjJ
tea I and increasa to full doss or more, ||5j |*|
5*j$! *» the case would seem to retjuire. II IjjS
jjj|3 TMa great remedy cuit? all ' I lj ||j
«?Q } kidney, lirer, bladder and Urio . j 8*. I f|
Pot Acid troubles aad disorders due ! J |Qg tj
*£S [ to Teeak kidneys, anch as catarrh 'f^SSI
3 ! of the bladder, gravel, rheuma- f Rrj S
;jj Ussc, lumbago and Brfjjht's Dla- I m*m
jgj ea»e, which Is tll9 worst form of Jj H'lS
|| K Is pleasant to tak». nEiril
I H PREPARED ONLY BT - 7^1} 9
M PR* KILMER & CO. MBMg
H BINGHAMTGN, M. Y. fi^f «
t',% Sold by all Brngjjlsis. fa^u'la
>¦ . . — — — — ~~- . ;
Uiiillmr'S ' / * from rnsl^pr io wpjirpr thp nrit"?* + lui'iir* 'I isii^'i
lll&i/ Anybody can have his money Iw' 1 IllLh
t^x§ patterns » series in soiiQ-uiues*
<¦"¦ ' —^. ¦ ¦ • ¦ •
The furnishing goods sale for children and boys is proving very interesting
I to economical mothers. Such a sale is unusual, but it's surely welcome. ; Now's
the time and the opportunity to buy your boyjs summer needs in furnishings.
Boys' Pajamas Children's Underwear
Made of madras, various stripes, ages 6 to 16 years. Derby ribbed underwear, natural' gray, drawers
$1.OO a suit. ' - button on side, ages 3 to 8 years, 50c a suit .
. . ; Sanitary underwear, drawers button on side, ages 3
; ¦ .- # _ to 8 years, Jpl.OO a suit.
* Bovs Hosierv r> » »t j
du^ iiumci^ Boys Underwear
Three thread knee and ; foot and four thread heel
and toe hosiery, fast black, sizes 6. to io, 25c a pair. Blue derby ribbed underwear, ages 8 to 14 years,
. 50c; a. suit.
, Tan hose, light and dark shades, sizes 6 to 9, 2oc Balbriggan underwear, in ecru, ages 6 to 14 years,
apair.v , • ?1..OO a suit.
Boys' wash suits in a number of materials, all pret- - j^i natural wool underwear, ages 8 to 14 years,
- tily trimmed, price 5Oc to $3.50 a suit. . a smt>
"-.-¦; - . Natural wool sanitary underwear, covered seams,
. Boys' sailor wash hats in many, materials; very ages 4 to 14 years, $1.50 a suit. \
swell; pnees from 45c to $1.50. .Shetland wool underwear, natural, ages 6 to 14,
Boys'.wash caps, 25c to 45c. - ?^°? a # 1 a
. Derby nb.bed underwear, natural gray, ages 9 to 14
Boys' straw hats, different shapes, 50c to $1.50. . years, 70c a suit.
'* Out-of-town orders j w^ A f &\. -^ v JT^f* K out of tow11 "write
¦furnishings or hats. \ l lo M . - i>« , tire"— it's lre«.
• 718 Market StreetPHOENIX. A. T.. May 2O.-In the third
round of what was to have been a ten
round contest to-night Dan Sullivan of
San Francisco was given the decision
ovei Charles Clark of New. Jersey,
San Francisco Boxer Wins.
In order that every butcher may at
tend, all the shops in this city. Oakland,
Alameda and Berkeley will be closed.
Large delegations from nearby cities are
expected. Two bands will furnish music
for dancing and to enliven the proceed
ings. • — .'
The ninth annual celebra tibn of butch-.
ers' day will be held to-day. In order to
accommodate the enormous attendance
expected both Oakland racetrack and
Shell Mound Park have been secured.
The admission fee of 25 cents admits to
both enclosures. The feature of the day
will be the races, both trotting and run
ning, at Oakland track. Many well
known horsas will be in the competition.
At Shell Mound there will be twenty-two
races for men, women and children for
cash prizes.
BUTCHERS WILL E2JJOY
A DAY OF RECREATION
Oakland and Sacramento, the r leaders
and the tail-enders in the California Base
ball League, will begin a series of twelve
games this afternoon at 3:30 at the Oak<
land grounds. - The" series will- last- two
weeks instead of one In order to' straight
en out certain kinks in the schedule.
San Francisco will journey south : to .en
gage in ten games with Alorley's Angels.
The wise ones are looking just a little
wiser and all are agreed there will- be
nothing to it. Oakland should take about
eight garnefe from the" Senators, while Los
Angeles will surely hand it to the Ponies.
. Cristall or Moskirhan will probably pjtch
for Oakland ahd either Dowllpg or Thom
as'for Sacramento, The Senatorial Ilne4
up will be somewhat changed since -they
were last seen here. Hickey . and .- Frary
have both jumped and Birmingham ie on
the bench. The team is a weak one at ita
best and Oakland should'haVe it easy un
less something extraordinary happens.
Furnish Amusement for l*'ans
and Cranks. - ¦; . .
Oakland and Sacramento" Ready to
WILL PLAY A SERIES! ;;_
Or TWELVE .GAMES HERE-
After the election . of officers many im
portant questions bearing upon changes
in the racing rules and in the constitution
and by-laws were brought up, t but were,
voted upon adversely. One combination
of amendments to the racing rules was
brought before the body and' after consid
erable unfavorable debate,- Mr. McEner
ney, who submitted them, withdrew
them.
The first important business transacted
was the election of officers, which re
sulted as follows: President," H. H. "Var
ney; first vice president, A. B. Moffatt;
second vice president, L.. S. Upson; sec
retary, S. G. Scovern; treasurer, J. J. B;
Argenti. H. E. Warren was selected as
one of the members of the executive cqmr
mittee. Another member will be . chosen
at a later date. . ¦
The annual meeting of the California.
Associated Cyclers was held last night. at
the headquarters of tp.e Bay City Wheel
men, 441 Golden Gate avenue. Delegates
were present from the various clubs of
the association.
Ensuing Term— Stanley Scoverh
Again Chosen Secretary. ,
Elect Officers to Govern Them During'
¦'NEW YORK, May 20.— Morris Park sum
mary:
First race, for maiden two-year-olds, four
and a half furlongs, selling — Turnpike won,
WoJIram second. Breaker third. Time. :53V4-
Second race, . Eclipse course, selling — Corn
wall won. Anecdote second, Early Eve third.
Time, 1:11 ii.
Third race, seven furlongs — Sister Juliet won,
RosEjgnbl 6econd, Luxcagta third. Time, 1:29V4.
Fourth race, the Pontatico handicap, one
mile and a sixteenth, over the hill — Dixie Line
won, Heno second, Smart Set third. Time,
1 :47.
Fifth race, the amateur cup, a heavyweight
gelling at 40 pounds above the scale. Withers
mile — Grand Opera won. Double Dummy sec
ond. Star Chamber third. Time, 1:41!%.
Sixth race, Cuban Independence handicap,
one mile and a sixteenth, over the hill— Dr.
Riddle won. Blues second. Carbuncle third.
Time. 1:46. ": ' ¦ '
CHICAGO, May 20. — Worth results:
First race, one mile and twenty yards—
Ecome won. Santa Teresa second, Drummond
third. Time. 1:54.
Second race, five furlongs — King Dodo won.
Pennant second. Lady Matchless third. Time,
1:07 3-5.
Third race, five and a half furlonge,' sailing—
Braw Lad won, Jerry Hunt second, Muresca
third. Time. 1:12 3-3." - -
Fourth race, six furlongs — Small Jack won.
Moderator second. B. G. Fox third. Timt.
1:20 -i-5.
Fifth race, pne mile and a- quarter— Greyfeld
won, Malay second. Farmer Bennett third.
Time, 2:1".
Sixth race, one mile— Amlrante won, Dan
dola second. Dark Secret third. Time, 1 :31 1-X
I/OCISVILLE, Ky., May 20. — Churchill
Downs re6Ult»:
First race, five furlongs — Golden Bell won.
Lure. Llghtner second. Poor Boy third. Time,
1:C2.
Second rac*. selling, one and a sixteenth
mile? — Adalante won, Jena second, Secundus
third, Ti!r.e, 1:50. ,
Third race, gelling, .six furlongs— Temptress
wen. Hohfinstauffen second, Lizzie A, third;
Time. 1:1C16.
-Fourth . race, Frank Fehr stakes, one .mile—
Alfred Varcrave won. The Rival second,
Stuyvo third. Time. 1 :45. ' . ,
Fifth .race, • selling-, five furlongs— Prince of
Kndurarice won, Rosanco second. Senator Mor
rison third. Time. 1:03.
Sixth race, selling, six furlongs — Lovable
won. Peat second, Oconee third. Time, 1:16.
ST. LOUIS, May 20.— Fair Grounds results:
First race, selling, mils and seventy yards—
: Pirate's Daughter, won, Ladas second, Gilbert
i third. Time. 1:46%.
Second race, four, and a half furlongs, two
j year-61d» — Mindera won, .Lexington Beps oec
! ond. Dr. Kammerer third. Time, :5«V«- - '.
I Third race, selling, five and a half furlongs —
, Crolx d'Or wen, Maria bell second, Roval Ath
. lete third. Time, 1:C8%.
I Fourth race, six furlongs, purse-— Kindred
1 won. Semicolon second. Father Wentker third,
p Time, l:tt&
! Fifth race, one mile and. seventy yards —
Kenova won. Eda Riley second. Zazel third.
] Time. 1 :46%. . .
I Sixth, race. Belling, six and a half furlongs —
; Mliis Goltehtly won, Parnassus second, Predom-
I inate third. Time. 1:20%.
Dr. Riddle Defeats Blues in a Special
Handicap Over the Morris*
Park Course.
HENO BEATEN BY DIXIE
LINE IN THE PONTATTCO
JUDSON C. BRUSIE. formerly, of
Sacramento but at present a resi
dent of San Francisco, has been
appointed attorney and general
representative for the Pacific Coast
of the Aetna Indemnity and Bond •Com-
W. A. Powning Company.
The. agencies of the Aetna Company
¦will be extended throughout the State?
west of Chicago, where the main office
will probably be eventually located. At
present, however, business will be con
ducted from headquarters in this city.' ....
ASSOCIATION OF CYCLERS .
HOLDS . ANNUAL MEETING
FORMER ASSEMBLYMAN, WHO HAS BEEN APPOINTED GENERAL,* I
REPRESENTATIVE ON THE PACIFIC COAST OF THE AETNA IN- j
DEMNITY AND BOND COMPANY OF HARTFORD, CONN, j
CHICAGO, May 20.— The home team again
defeated Boston to-day by well-placed hits in
three innings. Taylor was invincible' until the
ninth when three hits were bunched off him.
Attendance; 1000.' » The- score'^ ' L" . ' T •' • 1,
¦ • ¦ . '• : . ! _ ' ¦ " • ¦ m R» ' iit . E.
Chicago ...:....... . • • • • 3 0 .2
Boston 1 9 0
Batteries— Taylor and 1 Chance; Pittinger and
Moran. Umpire-^O'Pay. '."'...' ... ;
• PITTSBURG. May 20.— If wa«' a slusgtng
game throughout,, with. .^Ittsburs the more
fortunate in bunching, hits.- ' There were j^o
special features. Lever's arm played out/In the
sixth. Attendance. 210Q, . The,scpre:',, ; ". '
" ' ;,;; <¦ ¦ ¦¦¦¦¦' .r ': : R.^.- k: E.
Pittsburg .'. ••••. 8 • 17 1
Philadelphia ...'..' ....«-¦ 13 1
Batteries — Lever, Chesebro and O'Connor;
White and Dooln. Umpire — Emslie.V ¦ ¦
NATIONAL. LEAGUE.
Washington '>....»"..'...*.... ..;-\3. 9 ,' ' 3
Baltimore •••« * y x >
Battefles-^-Towrisend, Orth and Drill; .McGIq
nlty,and Bresnahan. ' : '; ¦ ¦',".,. *-' ¦'
20.-*-^Baltlmore a
slow nut highly ; '«ciuitlng game tfont Washlng
tbn toiaaj'. 1 ' 1 -' Attendance; 3LQ0.' The scpreif. . .. t.
Bostrm .'.' \-" ...'.."•• v ••••*'? - f ! }.
Philadelphia : :* 4 0
Batteries— Youngr and 'Cri^er; Plank . and
8teelman. .. ; . ; * - ¦ i ¦• . '
BOSTON. May 20.— Both plt6he'rs were effect
ive in to-day's game, but ; Young" b superior
steadiness landed the victory for Boston. At
tendance.' 3700. The score: _
»! ~ ..'»•'.¦- •- ¦ • Xl. . XX. XU.
Thirteen f or the .Philadelphia
¦ National, league Batsmen.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.:' W
Its Players Score Seventeen r Hits to
PITTSBUJIG * CAPTURES
% A SLUGGING GAME
ANQLEBS . BrETUBN FKOM .
- SISKIYOU TROUT STREAMS
Al dimming Brings Glowing Ap-
counts of Sport Enjoyed* and of
• the Future Prospects. •
Al ;_ Gumming, the '. ¦well-known angler,
returjied. yesterday from Klamath Hot
Springs, Siskiyou County, and gives gjow
ingacpounts of the angling to be enjoyed
therej;.. ..,'.' . ." '•; " '...
.With him came E. A. Painter and wife,
W. F. and wife and C. M. Osborn
and wife. He left at the springs Mr.; and
Mrs. F. H. Bushnell,- Miss McNamara,
Mr. and Mrs. W. C. Leavitt, Achille Roos
and P.' J. Tormey. ¦ ' '• '
MrJ Cumming took, in all. nearly 400
trout, ranging in size.from a auarter of a
pound to four and a half pounds. He s'ays
that with a- few days of warm weather
there will be tons of ffsh taken out. 'This
warm ' weather will change /the salmon
bug and the caddis bug into flies and the
trout will be after- them fiercely. "¦' ¦¦
In ten days the fishing should be s~od in
Shovel/ Bogus, Jennie, Fall and Spencer
creeks. At present the water Is too high.
Duckoy Is Sold in UTew York.
NEW YORK, May 20".— At a sale in the
paddock at Morris Park to-day' the Cali
fornia horse Duckoy was sold to William
Doctor, for $1000. > ' "-~ ' ' "
Is always happening in a poker game
two deuces take the pot, etc., etc. We
haveiaU the* latest/ noveUlea in playing
.cards, poker chips, counters, dice and tho
cheapest line of pretty tally .'car.ds and
prizes in the- city, Sanborn,-. Vail & Co.,.
741 Market street."", ,
Something Hew
' LOS ANGELES, May 20.— The Century
Athletic Club sent a sealed -bid and for
feit money on. the "Owl" to-night for the
privilege of promoting the J.effries-Fitz T
simmons contest in Lbs Angeles.. It is
understood the offer is a- liberal onei being
larger than any hitherto made, --i.' .
Los Angeles Club's Offer.
The races' will 'be best two in three
heals,' Only members of the club are eli
gible to drive. Ladies will be admitted
free, whife. gentlemen will be charged 23
cents.
James- G. Chesley, was chosen .starter
and L. E.- Clawson, and; Fred Vetters
timers:. The judges will be named at .the
next meeting. . ¦ . : : ¦
Free for'all— L. Richardson's Aurilla J, M.
M. iponneuys Maoh. G. E. Park's Imp, Dan
MIzneT's^Sable La 'Grand. George L.'.Swetts
Steve'S.? J.G'. Cutcello's Puerto Ri(So. ¦/
2:20= elastic/ L..' Becker's ' Dolly GreyV L.
Richardson's Cldenv ¦ J;- : Doran's Delia. Mc-
Carthy, : F; Gommet's Miss" <iomtnet/ Jame?
O'Kane's-Al Sandy. -. ¦ -•• ' ' >>
2:30 class— Dr. A. B. McLaughlln's A B P,
George L,. Swett's Velma, J. Doran's Dan Al
den, S. Sprague's Clara L. H. Schoetler's El-
Chora Wllkes, J. W. Flannery's Wave.
2:40 class — V. J. Guinasso'g Walter', ¦ E. Ai
geltinger's Lady Lbrson, J. W. Bonney's Joe
Bonney, J. G. Cuicello's Cuba, Dr. A. P> Mc-
LauEhlin's -Bandy C. r • • - ¦
At a largely attended meeting of th(
association held last night in its rooms ir
the Palace. Hotel the horses , entered wen
segregated'" into four '. classes-ya fr6e*for
all, .2:20, 2:30 and 2:40 class. The entrie:
follow:' . ' .' ,;.-''../ '• .•¦'..¦. . ..'•• '., .'. -
The day race meeting ol
the Golden Gate.Park .Driving Association
gives ¦ promise of providing some of the
beat trotting rates seen" here in years.
The meeting, will- be" held at Oakland
tiack.y which will: be- specially: prepared
for the occasion.' ; ' v*
It isknown that Alex Qreggains. and
his associate*. o£ the San F^rancisqo Club
would like -to promote th^flght in the
open air on July .4. ' .This would '. insure
goodpicturee, from wliich there would bo
big returns. ¦ " ¦ ' • ¦¦ .' '¦' ••
-There are a number of differences to be
reconciled before the men can be brought
together,. ..-...-••
Fitzslmmons has some pointed Ideas as
to the conditions upon which he, for his
part, will consider bids. ." He said last
night: 1 "The articles of agreement as
signed in New York must stand. These
include a clause that, the contest-is to go
to the club making the highest bid and
that soft surgical bandages be allowed. I
shall v bring up this latter point before a
bid is opened, and if Jeffries will not agree
to it I wilt-not remain at the meeting. I
will leave at once for New York and will
then go to England and fight the winner
of the Ruhlin-Sharkey contest.
It is not "expected the' local -clubs will
bid more -than 76 per cent. This would
yield ?26,250 as the fighters' share of a
$35,000 gate, which they -are expected to
draw: The" former, bid. was 70 -per cent,
and this maV riot be increased.
j Jeffries and Fitzsirpmohs will trieet this
afternoon at 3 o'clock at ; the Central The
ater, when it is expected they will reach
a defiiilteV understanding .in: the ;ril;atter of.
the muchly discussed heavy-weight cham
pionship fight. '\'' '.v " "* ¦ ' * '
Officers of ¦ th<a\Yosemite" Athletic Club
'and ttie San v Franclsco Athletic Club will
be oh hand ready ~to submit bids. In thy
course- of events the latter will,
receive the 'July permit, while the former
will be in line for the August permit. The
Los Angeles club has sent a sealed bid by
mail:-' ¦ N "*''- i ¦- • "¦¦¦'¦ •\--v"^ ; ' •¦..•• ¦"¦¦ •;
While it was an easy matter to produce
the evidence of frauu in the use of epike
heads in place of whole spikes and of
utilizing second-hand lumber, it is im
possible to prove at this time that Norton
and Wakefield allowed concrete to be
dumped into cylinders filled witn water
in the last six weeks. The cylinders are
now filled with concrete and it is a ques
tion of veracity as to the manner in wmch
they were filled.
Though Norton claims the cylinders
were pumped down to the 22-foot level,
and even if he gets Wakefield and his
men to bolster ud his claim, the charge
is made that the structures were not
pumped as required If Norton and any
others still assert that the cylinders were
pumped out the statements are false and
the iren who make them know that they
8 re false.'
Chief Engineer Norton, who holds his
position by the grace of Governor Gage.
Billy Herrin and Dan Burns, has altered
specifications without • any authority.
By doing so he has allowed Contractor
Waksf.eld to save large sums of money
en labor and material.
If President Kiiburn had witnessed the
manner in which the work of Wakefield
has been carried on in the last six weeks
h : would be forced to admit that in the
building of the new wharves a gigantic
fraud is beinje practiced, a steal of pub
lic funds being made, anC that Chief En
gineer Norton should be removed from
his position, which he only holds by the
prace of the political triumvirate. Gage,
Burns and Herrin. " *
The work on the wharves has been
watched for six . weeks only. Just how
Chief Engineer Norton juggled with
specifications previous to that time and
allowed Contractor Wabefiold to increase
his profits is kno-wn to them alone.
THEFT OF PUBLIC FUNDS.
•'This is an outrage." declared President
lvilburn with warmth. "It is a fraud on
tne Harbor Commissioners and we will
sift this whole matter to the bottom. I
will consult with my colleagues and we
will take the proper steps.' 1
President Kiiburn asked Assistant En
gineer Kyan if he oould account for the
naud taking place, but that official said
that Inspector Hugh Duff ought to have
detected it. Then it transpired that Dutf
was inspecting other work at the time
mat me bogus spikes were used in the
planking. Those who watched the fraud
mtnt work done some weeks ago saw an
official of the Harbor Commission ac
company the foreman for the contractor
and give the spike heads to a workman
and order him to use them on the plank
ing. \
Kiiburn was also shown the
second-hand lumber that Contractor
Wakefield put into one of the wharves.
The lumber had been used before and
was bcred through in places and had oid
spikes in it. Tne explanation of Chief
Engineer Norton is tnat Wakefield had
used the lumber in the "false work" and
had then placed it permanently in tne
wharf fenders. This is not only a viola
tion of the specifications, but a fraud on
the State. Chief Engineer Norton will
have a hard time to prove to the Harbor
Commissioners his right to change speci
fications.
"The commission has no right to change
specifications," said President Kiiburn,
"and Norton had no right' to. do so.
Changing specifications opens the door to
fraud and with the evidence just pre
sented to me I am forced to believe some
of the testimony of The Call representa
tives on other charges."
lEAUD, SAYS KTLBTJRN.
Evidence of frai id in the building of the
new wharves on ft ie water front was yes
terday presented U> President Paris Kil
burn ol the Harbor CommiBsibners and
that official declan-d in emphatic terms
that the board woul.d make a rigid inves
tigation of the chars-is made by The Call
against Contractor Vakelield and Chief
Engineer L. D. Norton.
On Monday last, wtuen President Kil
burn was interviewed as to the expose
made by The Call of the changing* of
i,peeincations by Chief Engineer Norton
and the flimsy work being caxied on by
Contractor Wakefield, Kilburu' stated that
be could not possibly believe the charges
to "3e true. .
"In the matter of the spikeheads, which
The Call charges were driven into the
pianking of one ox the wharves, it they
can be shown to me, I will be prepared to
taint. " he said. • • '
President Kiiburn yesterday visited one
of the wharves with representatives of
'ihe Call. He was asked to order a cer
tain plank to be taken up, being told he
would rind broken spekeheads driven into
il in place of sound spikes.
Kiiburn cailed Assistant Engineer Ryan
and ordered that tlie plaiik be taken up.
'A wo laborers quickly pried it up and
broken spikeheads were found to have
Leen driven into it in place of souna
epik.es. A secend plaJik was then taken
up and again the evidence of fraud was
discovered. . *
Scrap-Ircji Spikes Are Seen
When Timbers Are
TiXken Up.
Promise of Exciting I
- Sport.. •;';
Decoration Day Meet Give
Held iri the Daytime for
, : • i; Pictures. . .'.".
Local Clubs Want Contest
Fresident of Harbor Com
mission Is Given the
Proo£
Meet This -Afternoon to
/ Discuss CHampion
'¦:C-\ Ship Bout. "¦ V\;; '¦)
Many Trotters Named fo:
Driving Association
.',:•¦"•". W Races. •¦ , .-.•.;¦'
Judson Brusie Is Selected as Attorney and
General Representative for Coast . of
£tna Indemnity and Bond Company
FINDS FRAUDS
IN WHARF WORK
BIG FIGHTERS
AWAIT THE BIDS
AMATEURS ENTER
THEIR HORSES
RECEIVES COVETED APPOINTMENT
FROM A LARGE EASTERN CONCERN
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL. WEDNESDAY, MAY 21, 1903.
pany of Hartford, Conn. The, applicants
for* the position were numerous, and the
appointment is one which carries with It
desirable emoluments. .
The Aetna Company has recently been
.reorganized under' the supervision of J.
Pierporit Morgan, who is a heavy stock
holder, and the .capital increased to
51,000,000. . It is the intention of the reor
ganized company to add materially to its
business on this coast. In the rearrange
ment of affairs in this city, it was found
necessary to create the important position
which has been given to Mr. Brusie. With
him will be associated .W. A. :Powhinsr
and other prominent" capitalists,; who
have organized under the name . of the
4
-How any man may tjuickly cure himself after
years of suffering from sexual weakness,' lost
vitality, night losses, varlcoeele, etc, and en-
large- small, weak organs to full size and vigor.
Simply send your name and -address to Dr.
Knapp Medical Co., 1373 Hull. building, Detroit.
Mich., and they wiir gladly send the fre« re-
ceipt with full directions bo any man may
easily cure himself at home. This Is certainly
a most generous . offer, and the following ex»
tracts taken from their daily mail show what
men thfnk of their generosity: •
••Dear Sirs: Please accept my sincere thanks
for yours of recent date. I have given your
treatment a thorough. test and the benefit has
been extraordinary. It has completely braced
me up. I am Just as, vigorous as when a boy
and you cannot realize -how happy I am.'" . •
"Dear Sirs: Your method, worked beauti-
fully. Results were exactly what I needed.
Strength and vigor have completely returned
and enlargement is entirely satisfactory."
"Dear Sirs: Yours was received and I had
no trouble in making use of the receipt as di-
rected, and can truthfully say It is a boon to
w«a,k men, I am ¦ greatly Improved in size.
strength and vigor." ¦•-¦.- -
All correspondence is strictly confidential,
mailed in plain, sealed envelope. The receipt
in free fpr the asking and they want every
nian to have it. "/ •'• ¦ -'• " ¦ .'. ¦ '; •
Irsuires Love ; cinii a Happy 'Home 'for
.,.,:¦ ... . . . -\AUiV :-.--
CilRES;WEAK MENTREE.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BAIXWAY TRAVEL.
BATXWAY TBAV1X.
SOUTH ERN^PACIFIC
Trains leave and are due to arrive at .
SAV FKAN'CISCO.
• (Main Line, foot of Market Stret)'
utTi ¦— Fkom Arsii, a), f 902. — akbit»
7.00a Beaictm, Sulsun, Elinlra and Sacra-
' meat) 6-55p
7.00a V«e»vlll«, ¦Winter*, Rumsey 7-55^
7.30a Martinez. S*n Iiaioon, Vallejo.
:, . . >'apa, C«li»tOEa. Santa Rosa. 8-25r
8.00v DavU, Woodland. Knight* Lafldtng, ' •••
>rsrysvnie, OroTtlle.....; ".. 7-B3r-'
¦ 8.00a Atlantic Ezcresi—O^den and East. 825 a
8.00a Mies. Lathrop, Stock wn 7 25p
¦ 8-00* Xilei. Meuduta, Uiniurd, Vlaalia,
Porterville 4 55^
8-30a Shasta Express — Davis, Williams .. ¦
» (for Bartlett Springs). Willow*.
Red Blaff. Portland , 7-55p
8-30a San Jose. Llvermore, Stockton.
' lone, Sacramento. Placerviile.
MaryiTllle. Ct»c-». Red Bluff 4.25f
8.30a Onkdale.Chlnese.Suuura.Tuolumne 4.25p
8.00a Vallejo....: 12.25p
9.00a 'Los Angelet Expresi — Martlnei, . -. c .
Tracy, L«throp,Stoctton,Merced.
Kaymond.Fresno and Loi Angeles 823 a
9.39a Vallejo. Martinez and Way Stations 7.65r
tt 0-00 a Hsyward, N'IIes and Way Stations. t12-5or
1000a. The Overland Limited — Ogden.
Denver, Omaha. Chicago.. 5-2Br
m Sacramento River Steamers. ti 1 .00p
Benlcla. Winters. Sacramento.
' Woodland, Knights Landing,
Mary? vine. Orovllle 10.55a
3-30r Hayward, Xiles and Way Stations.. 7.55* .
4.00r Martlnei.San Ramon, ValleJo,Napa, ¦- I
Calistoga, Santa Rosa 9-25± I
4.00r Xiles, Llvermore, Stockton. T.odl.. 12-28r f
4.3QP Hayward.Nlles.SaaJote.LlTermore t8.O9A
4-5QP The Owl Limited— Fresno, Tulare,
Bakersfleld. Saagas for Santa
. . • • Barbara, Los Aageles 8.55a
6.007 PortCosU.Traey.Lathrop.Stociton V0-25a
6-OOp Martinez. Antioch. Stockton, Mer-
ced, Raymond, Fresno 12-25?
• t5.30» Xilei Local „ „...., 7.25*
6.00p H&yward, Xlles aad S»n Joae 7.55a
t8.00? Vallejo..... 11.25a
-': 6.00' Oriental Mail— Ogden, Denrer,
Omaha, St. Louts. Chicago 4.25*
7-OOr San Pablo. Port Costa, MarUnes
.- ' and Way Stations... 11-25*
17.00* Vallejo • 7 65*
, 8-OSr Oregon it California Expreas— 8ao-
-; - -. ramento,- MaryiTllle, Redding,
Portland, Ptiatet Sound and East. 8-55 a
t9.10> HaTwardandyiles.. t11S5A
COAST LINE (Sarrow GaafB).
. - ¦- (Foot of Marfcat Street.)
:7.45a Santa Cms Excursion 18.05*
8.15a Kewarlc, Centervllle. San Joae.
Felton, " Boulder • Creek, Santa - '
Cruz and Way Stations., 6-50*
12.1 6* Kewark, CentervlUo. 8aa Jote.
New Almaden; Felton, Boulder
Creek. Santa Cras and Principal
Way Stations 10-50*
415p Xewirlc, San J03P, Los Gatoi t850A
. >4.15* San Jo«e, LosGatos. SantaCnu... c350a
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY. '
From SAN FRAXCISCO, Foot at Market St. (Slip V
-^t7:13 »:C0 11:00 a.m. 1.00 3.00 5.15 *m.~
From O-UvLAXD, J'oot of Broadway — +«:0O {3:00
. t«:C6 10:00 a.m^ 12 00 2.00 4-00 *.*.
COAST LINE (Broad «a»ge). "
(Third and Townsend Straeta.) : .
¦ 8.10a Saa Jose and War StAUona.......:. 8.40a
t7 00a S«n Jose amt "Way Station* +8-00*
7.00a Xew Almaden.. ....... ..... ..... /4.T0*
t7.15A Montsrey Excursion 18.30*
8.00a Com Lino Limited— San Jose.
Gilroy, Salinas, San Lui» Otispo.
Santa Barbara, Los Angeles and
PrisclDal Intermediate Stations. 10-45*
8-COa San Jose. Tres Plnos. Santa Cruz.
Pacific Grsve, Salinas, San Lots
Oblspo and Principal Intermedi-
ate Stations 4-10*
10.30a San Joae and Way Stations 8 35a
11.30a San Jose and Way Stations 9 48*
ai.30* San Jose and Way Stations a7-00?
t2-45r San Mate*, Redwood, Palo Alto.
' - Santa Clara, Saa .losf. Tk>
' ' . ' l'lnoi. Santa' Cruz. Snltns*. D«l
Monte, Monterey aad Pacific
Orove t1043a
3-30r San Jo»«. Del Monte. PaciflcGroTe, JjZJK
Sitnta Cruj and Way Stations.,.. 7 ou?
t4.1 5r San JoseandPrlnc1palW.\yStatloB9 6-oCr
15-03* s«h Jose. Los Uatoa and Principal
Way Stations.. :.*,,„.. t9.f)tU
5.30* S«nJo«ea!idPrincipalWayStst!on» 835*
6-30* San Jose and Way Station* 7-3G*"
. . 7-OOr New Orleans Express — Son Lais
| Obtspo, Aanta Barhara, Los An-
xeles. De mine. El Paso, New
• ! - Orleans and Ea»t.:.-..... 10-30*
•11-45*' San Jo«a and Way Stations
A for Moruinjc. P for Afternoon
t Sunday excepted. t Pnnday only.
a Saturday only. ¦ e Monday only.
• Satnrdar and /Tuesday and Friday-
Sanday oaly.
"Follow
4\^Sa : the
/^^ Flag''
AND TOU DO NOT PAT
EXCESS F'^.K.E
, , . ..- TO. NEW, YORK CITT.
Aak Agents for Particulars.
WabashLine
They have the finest tourist car service fron> j
Chicago to Boston and New York points.
C. S. CRANE, G. P. & T. >z»... St. Louis. Mo
les^ Cal CLI?r!!: ' p - C. P. A.. Loa Ang*
Weekly Call,§l.OQ per Year
BAXLWAY - TBAVEL.
Santa Fe
Tpains-Dauy.
- -.I^eave Marhet-8tr«»t F«rry Depot.
- • ......... . . Local Lim-d | Ovrl'd l Local
- .'- " : :; 'i.. Daily I Dally DaHjC"
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 » 8:00 p 4:2»p
Ar. Stockton. 10:13 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:18 p
•• Merced... 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:30 a 8:11 p
•• Fresno... 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:15 a 10:50p
•' Hanford.. 3:12p 3:27 p 8:05a ......
•' Vlsalia... 3:3!>p ...... B:0Oa
" Bakersnd 6:15 pi 8:20 p 7:45 a
" Kan. City I 2:40a T:3Oa ;.
••- Chicago ...| 2;18p 9=6OpI
a for morning, p for afternoon. - ¦'
1 0:00 a. m. train is the California Limited,
carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and Dinisg
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car run*
to Bakersfield for accommodation of local
first-class passengers. No. second-class tick-
ets are honored on this train. . Correspond-
ing train arrives at 7:05 a. m. dairy.
4:20 P- m. is 8tockton. Merced and Fresno
local. Corresponding train arrives at 12:30
p. m. dally. . • •
8 p. m. Is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourjst Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago: also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 0:00 p, m.
dally ¦•
'. 7:20 a. m. is Bakarsfleld Local, stopping
at ali points Jn San Joaquln Valley.. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally.
Offices — 641 Market street and In Ferry
Depot. San Francisco; 1U2 Broadway.
Oakland. ' ' ,_ _l^__l____j___^
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO
¦ LESSEES
SAif fRANCISGO AHJ NOjtfi PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAX RAFAEI/.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 0:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12:35,
3:30 8:10, «:30p. m.." Thursday*— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trip« at
1:60 and 11:30 p, m, .
SUNDAYS— 8:00 9:30.' 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:30.
5:00. 6:20 p. nj.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:05. 7:35. 7:50. 9:20. , 11:15
a.m. : 12:50. 3:40, 5:00, 6:20 p. m. Saturdays
— Extra trips at 2 '.05, and p. in, ¦
SUNDAYS— 8:0O^»!40.. 11:15 m.', 1:40, 3':40.
4;^S. 8:05, ! .(j:25 P. .nl :i >>•¦¦¦•. ¦-^»..-,
Leave 1 , In. Effect- I ¦¦"• i'Ahtrh •'¦
San Francl8cq| > May 4. , lOea. : .' <8»n, Kwt^l 8^
We«k I Sun- + - De«t?na- - .L-Son- I Week
Days. I daya. )• : - ;tloh? ¦¦- •",• '.¦'[ days. > Pay ».
7;3Ca *:0Oa-^v Ignacio' t at 8:40 a
3:30 p 9:30a '' : : and -"" 10:40. a{10t50a
5:10 p 5:00.p !- . Nftvato... " fi:05 pi 6:20 p
¦ .' 5 ¦.*"¦¦ : • - . •'¦ -• T:35p[
7:30 a > 9:06 -a V: Petaluma -, .' 1O;4O a 8:40 a
3:30 p ft :30 a . ¦'¦, . and' " 6:05 p 10:20 a
5:10 r 8:00 p • Santa Rosa .7:3^ p 6:20 p
• • - , -; ..--/Fulton ¦ •-. : ' : -
7:30a ¦'•' - '¦ Vf\n6tor- '. >• • : 10:20a
:, / B:0Qp . Healdsburg :.; 10:40 a
-. v -.* .— * ,-. f . Lytton k ..-'.* ••"":."'•.'
V ; rt"' "'.- G«yservUle .' ' N : 'ry
3:30 p S:OOa '. .Cloverdale :,: T-:3yp fl:20 p
7:30 al 8!00aK.V J • }10;4J»a|10:20 a
3:30 p| 6:00 p| - TJklah .-¦¦-?¦ }'7-.35p| 8:20 p
7 :30 a| 8:6o"a| ¦ -';wi'i<U»V ;'.j ¦ P 7:35 p| C:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 al GujBrneville ,- |^85p|lO:2d a.'
3:30 p| 5:00 p| ": v , . |10r40 a| 6:20 p
7:00 a| 8:00 al - Sonoma 1 - • -I 9:10 al 8:40 a
5:10 pj 5:00 pi Glen EUen, \ 0:05 p| 6:20 o
7:30a| 8:0O a I . Sebastopol ¦ 110:40 allO-20 a
3:S0p| 5:00 p[ ; ¦ - ! •¦¦-.;• ) T:35 p| 6:20 p
Stagpa connect at Santa » Itosa for Mark
West Springs and .White Sulphur i Springs; /at
Fulton for Altrurla: at Lytton 'for I.ytton
Springs: at Geyservilte -for Skaggs Springs; at
Cloverdale for the' Geysers; and BoonevtUe; at
Hopland for Duncan Springs, Highland Springs
Kelsfyvill". Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at- UWah for Vichy
Springs. Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes Laurel
Dell Lake, Witter Springs, Upper Lake Pomo
Potter Valley. John .Day's, Kiverslde LlerleyV
Bucknell's. Sanh'drin Heights, Hullvllle Orr's
Hot 8prlngs, Half-way ¦ House. Coniptche
Camp St«vens. Hopkins. Mendocino City Fort
Bragg. Wwtport, .Usal; at WliHts for Sher-
wqo.1. Cahto,. CoveJo, Laytonville. Cummlnga,
Bell c Springs. Karris. Olsen's - Dyer. PepDer-
wood. Scotia and Eureka. * **
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at
reduced rates. % - . . ¦
On Sundays—Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond can JUfael at half rates ¦ *~* u «
Ticket qftlfe. 650 Mark.t street, . ChronlcU
building. ' ¦ " •
..H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
Gfn. Managtr. pen, pas». Agt. '
HOUNT TAMALPAI5 RAILWAY
"¦_ Leave Via Sausalito Peiry'l" " Arrive ~*
San Fran. Foot of Market Stf San Fran.
!?£ n. t i.^«.«.^ w . Sun- Weei
.21^ m ZrL*. da >;»- £hs
!i?2 A - i:^- h .nu» s >«T« «i-o THST. 915a.
'" Z&t Jig'- 5:! *T;
; i:3o p. -man of twupki- 5:50 1 r
......J. 2:30 r. »f »»f j-rMX. 8:15 r. !!IZI1
. w»« mm. an makk re rnnt uj SAnsiuro imr. -
Free trial packages of a most remarka-
ble remedy are being mailed to all who
will write to the State Medical Institute
U hey cured so many men who had bat-
tlea for years against 'the mental and
rhysical sutteriiigs of lost nuinhood that
ihe institute has deciosd to distribute fiee
\ri3l pacnages to all who write. It is a.
home treatment anc all ir.en whu'tuf-
ic~ trora any form of sexual weakness
jcsuUins from youth.'ul roily, premature
loss cf strength and memory, weak Lack
vaiicocele or emaciation of i^rts can
ijow cure themselves at home.
The reined:.' has a peculiarly grateful
t. licet of warmth and bceins to act di-
stct to the det,jred locatjon. givlna
fcvrcng-th and development jutt where it
;s needed. It cures all the ills and tiou-
i les Vhat come from years of misuse of
-,ne natural functions frnl has been an
aosolute success in all cases. A request
•o the State Medical ' Institute, 32S Eiek-
iron building. Fort Wayne. Ind., KL at-
;ng that you desire one of their free tnal
package?, will be complied with proiapt-
Ty. The institute is desirous of reaching
aiat great class of m*n who are y n -
tttjle to leave home to be treated, and
ihe trtre samples will enable them to see
row tasy it is to be cured of sexual
wer.kr.ess when the proper remedies are
i mplcyed. The institute makes no rc-3tric-
•.:i.ns. Any man who writes will be ««?ut
a free sample, ccreJully scaled in a tlaln
pacKage, eo that Its recipient need have
no fear of embarrassment, or publicity.
Readers axe requested to write without
d-fcley.
to All Who. Write.
A Free Trial Package Sent by Mail
A Best Remarkable Remedy That
Kcstcres Lost Vigbx*
xo Men. '.;,>
OH I C AGO
IN LESS THAN
3 DAYS
From
San Francisco at 1O a. rn.
CHIQAGO; UNION PACIFIC
NORTH\VE8TBRN LINE
Pullman fourteen-section Drawinsr-Koorn
and Private ¦ Compartment Observation
.SleepJm Cars. With Telephone. EU-ctrio
reading Lamps in every Berth, Compart-
ment and Drawing-Roam. Buffet. Smok--
Ing I and Library Cars, with. Barber and
Bath, Dining Cars — meals a -la carte.-
Electric-lighted throughout. \ , . . •- i
Dally Tourist Car Service at 6 p. . m.
and Personally conducted Kvcurstpns every
Wednesday and ' Friday -at 8 a. m. from
Ban. Francisco. . The best of everything. -¦»
: R.R. KlTCHlB
•617. MARKET ST. Gen. Ag«nk P.siric Coi
Palace Hrtel 6an Francisco -
KOftTH SHORE RAILRQAD.
Via Sansalito Perry,
»....' CommencinK April 'iJT, l»(Ki, • ¦ ¦
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN. RAFAKL. •
WEEK DAYS— 6:45. «7:45. HAS, 0:3Q, 11:00
a. m... 12:20, *1;45, 3:16. 4:15. 5;1S. '*e;15
0:15, 9:45, 11:45 p. m. 7:45 a. m. does not
run to 'Mill Valley. c
¦SUNDAYS— 7:00. 8: 00; 'O^O. MOiOO, 11:00
11:30 a. m., 12:30, •).:30. 2:30. »3:45. 5:00 6:00
7:30, 9:45, 11:45 p. m. • -'
' /rrains-.marked ¦(•) run to. San Quentin. /
FRQMjSAN RAFAEL TO. SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK:DAY-S— 3:20,-^ :»6:20, 7:40. 8:15, »9:3o'
11:00 a. m.. 12:25. 2:15. •a:30.t4:40,-5:30, 0:45*
10:15 i>.m. — :j !>¦¦•. .:.¦-.•¦.••¦•-.•:.¦. ¦.— ¦•. if ¦'
SUNDAYS — 6:00. ?8:00. 0:30, •11:00- a m
•l-':00 m.. X:00,^2:15.- »3:S0. 4:15. »5;45 C:45
7:30,: 10:16 p. m. • r . . .-•.:.-,•
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentin
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— 5:40. 6:40, 7:46, 8:25 0:45*
H;l0 a. m.,: 12:35, 2:45. 3:50, 5:10, 5:20' 7:lo'
10:15 -p. m.'- .. : •• .,:•.''•'
- SUNDAYS— 6:30, 7:55. 10:05. 11:10 a. ni
12:15. 1:20, 2:30. 3:43,, 5:00, B:05; 7:15. 10:40
. .'. : * THROUGH TRAINS.
7 :45 a. m. week days — Cazadero and ¦ way
stations. . ' ¦ ¦ , .
8:15 p. m.. Saturdays — Cazadero and way
otatlons; • ' ¦¦¦':¦ . •¦¦¦.¦ - l • - -'
"5:13 p. m. week days (Saturday's excepted)
— Tomales and way stations. .... '. • .' • ,
:8:00 f "'a. '•' m." Sundays— Caiadere ' and ' way
ktatlons.: . " . - . ; .; . .-•'¦•
•10:00 a/m. Sundays— Point Reyes and way
tta'tions. ¦ :'•"•", : • .- ¦-"
Legal Holiday boats and. trains will', fun 'on
Sunday - time. :¦ ... "*, ¦¦..•¦•
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary;
629 KEARXY ST.* Kstablished
In 1854 for the treatment of I'rivato
Dl.sfHRes, Lost Manhood. • Debility or
fllsons" wearing on body and mind and
Skin Diseiises. Tho Doctor curfS when
others fail, i Try him. t'hnrgrn lAw.
Cni-<-«Cunr:i»tt'<-<l. 'Cull or write.
Dr. J. I". UIBB«.\,baii Francisco, CaL ' "
"Cascarcts cored ms of 1 flux of long standing,
Th»y »re worth their weight In diamond*." '¦ '- .
jti — Leopold Kahn, Wapakooeta, Ohio.
Business as well as social life of today Is . one -pf strain aqd effort, and tha
struggle for existence in competition makes life ajvfight 'day in "day olut, in which
care of body, nerves, blood Is ' more \ or"., less neglected. ' Men^lwonder what'a
wrong with . them. No man can : stand . such unnatural conditions unless ho
counteracts them by using .Cascarets: Candy Cathartic, causing, regularity of
body in spite of irregularity of -habits.'^' A maij^who "feels bad" should take
Cascarets, find out what's wrong and be cured. ;;
/Z^y^ /k/-k t» V»4tx.' '*' est f° r t * ie Bowels. All druggists, ioc, »3c, 50c. Njjver sold In bulk.
tCAJ<XCAJJLJ%AU^ The genuine tablet stamped C C CI Guaranteed to cure or your money
V^^*!^ back. Sample and booklet free.:; Address
Sterling Remedy Company, Chica e o or New York. . . »»
Why will not all men insist upon, having it, when it is-so easy tpget and to
keep. Some men are eaten alive ; by tape-worms, others wander hopelessly for ,
years dying slow deaths from bowel disease. . j . ..: ¦';•.-¦ - *- j / .". ,, * ¦".'.'' ,
"After takine two Casearcts, there came oii the scene a very.
: unexpected visitor in the sh-pe of a tape-worm eighteen feel
long at least, which Jamsuro caused my bad health fo; three
years." r Geo. W. Bowles, Baird, Miss. ._ . v
• "After taking Cascarets I hare had a natural relief without
taking medicine, of any sort during the past two weeks. , This
had not occurred for 18 years." .... . ,• .'•-,¦ . . *.. .
•'•<-¦¦ - . '¦¦ . ; •. ; r-Cnas.E. Penny, 601 YatesAve., Brooklyn.
"For- tlire« years I hijxo been ¦ afflicted 'with' diabetes; ' Sine*
.. using Catcarets I have found grrat relief and fet>l that, I must
send you my personal recommendation."
, '....; 5 w ; b . i j -. : .-<?•. H -. 813 West Ajfl^flnffajp, Jf. T.
; ' "I have been using Caeuarets for stbrnach ¦troohie' of si«
years standing. I am cured and recommend them -to all who
need a remedy."— Rev. E. M. Chandler, Mill P. ,O. ? Ifo.*' •.
"Casearets .enred me. of the"piles, with which : X had long
•uttered."— J. h. ' Wolleaon, Perry, Oklahoma. : . ¦. . . ,.v
:. "Casearets are the only 'remedy I have, ever used that causa
', a fine, .easy movement of the bowels without impairing th»
. functlonii of the stomach." —Chaa. S. Campbell, Sunbury, Pa.
"I^sed Cascarets for Insomnia, with which I have been
afflicted for twenty years* .They cave me immediate relief."
;, t ..? ' -rThos. Gillard, Elgin, IlllnVJli.
" ' "I hava given Casearets » thorough trial in- an
obstinate case of constipation at a time when piles
were forming. It yielded nicely to the treatment."
* '*¦""¦;. v — T. Dale Givan, M. D., Nixa, Mo.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SENT |REE TO MEN!
DOAN'S KIDNEY PILLS.
DAN6ER0US PLACES!
When pain comes in dangerpus places you should look
afterit. A pain in.the srnali ptthe back is a pain in a dangerous
place,it tells ypu,thV kidiiey?are sick and calls for prompt atten-
tion. Neglect this warnirigr'of nature and many serious comph-
cations follow. Urinary troubles, Diabetes, Bright's disease.
Doan's Kidney Pills
cure every kidney ill; cure evei y symptomatic indication of Sick
Kidneys, Backache, Nervousness,. prbpsical, Swellings, Loss of
Energy^ Rheumatic Pains, Excessive Urinary Discharges, Reten-
tion of the Urine, Diabetes. Plenty of San Fraricfsco proof tHat
this is so.' Read one case: ;. ....
Mauris Kuttner of the Eastern Pleating Co.. 131 Post St.. residence 906 Geary
St the proprietor of the only establishment of its kind west of Chicago, says:.
"For twelve years attacks of backache were either coming on mysteriously or .
leaving Just a» mysteriously, causing. more suffering than the ordinary man is
entitled to endure. When in this condjtion I sent East for remedies, tried pias-
ters and ora?nary makeshifts, but I never obtained any permanent result.. . I
honestly think after the use of Doan's Kidney Pills for three- days I felt .bet-
ter- at all events a continuaUon of the treatment stopped the last attack I have
mofe than once intended to write the manufacturers of Doan's Kidney Plllsvand
ten them about the benefits received. .No one In San Francisco at ail trotfblea
with backache need be the least dubious about going to the No Percentage
Drug Store, 949^Market St., for ,Doan'S f Kidney Pills. That remedy can be .
depended upon to do its work thoroughly,'. .
/ II Druggists. 50 Cents/ Fostar-MUburn Go,, Buffalo, N. Y,Her Wound Proves Fatal.
Mrs. Lily Emery, who . shot : i herself
Closiing Out Odd Lots
Of framed pictures at one-half : the regu
lar prices. Sanborn,' Vail & Co., 741 Mar
ket 'street.'. . ¦ ¦ '- '• : ¦- ,v.\-.; : •
SMUGGLED SILK CAPS. — Customs Inspec
ton-Laurentzen seized 338 silk' caps on board
the Coptic yesterday as dutiable* goods intend
ed-to be smuggled. ¦: • . . .- .
Call at Santa Fe ticket office. 641 Market
street, for, illustrated pamphlet and full,par
ticulars. . -. \ .-,;•¦ > ;;¦; •:
, The quickest and .. most convenient way in
and out of the Yosemite Valley Is 'by way. 'of
the Santa Fe. . .If you- leave San Francisco to
day at 9 a. - m. on the | California Limited you
are in Yosemite to-morrow at 5 p. m. V
Yosemite Via the Santa Fe.
The fare for the round trip, including
side trips to Oroville .< and Colusa and
berth in Pullman sleeping car, is $12 50..
The return itinerary is as follows:
Sunday, June 8 — Leave Redding 7:30 a. m. ;
breakfast in dining car; pass Red Bluff 8:30
a. m. ; arrive Corning 9 a. m., stop two hours;
leave Corning 11 a. ,m. ; arrive Orland 11:30 a.
m., stop one hour; leave Orland 12:30 p. m. ;
luncheon on train; short stop at Willows; arrive
Colura Junctio/i 1 p. m., stop two hours (giving
time'- to .'visit Colusa by N. G. R, R.); leave
Colusa Junction 3 p. m. ; . arrive Woodland 4
p. m., stop an. hour and a half; leave Woodland
5:30 p. m. ;. dinner on train: arrive Vacavllle
6:30 p. m., stop an hour and a half."
':.- Sunday Night — Leave Vacaville 8 p.m.; ar
rive San Francisco 11 p.m. ' .
The Itinerary for the excursion through
the Sacramento Valley under the auspices
of the California Promotion Committee of
San Francisco has been completed. The
party will start Friday, June 6, at 12:30."
Mail' applications for tickets may be
made to the' executive committee not later
than Wednesday, May 28. The party will
be limited to 12a • business' men. The itin
erary going is as follows:
Friday, June 6 — Leave San Francisco,. 12:."0
p. m.. lunch In dining-car; arrive Stockton,
3:30 p. m., stop two hours; leave Stockton.
5:30 p. m., dinner on train; arrive Sacramento,
7:30 p. m., Btop 8^ hours.
Saturday. June 7 — Leave ' Sacramento. 4 a.
m. ; pass Marysvllle, 6:30 a. m., breakfast on
train; arrive . Orovllle, . 8 a. m., stop 2& hours;
leave Or.ovllle; 10:30 a. m. ; arrive Marysville,
11:30 a. m., stop one hour; leave Marysvllle,
12:3<)-p; m:, lunch on train; arrive Chico.2 p.
m.,,6top one hour; leave Chico, 3 p.' m. ; ar
rive Vina, 3:30 p.m., stop half an hour; leave
Vina, -4 p. m.; arrive Red Bluff. 4:30 p: m.,
stop one hour; leave Red Bluff. 5:30 p. m. ;
arrive Redding, 6:30 p.. m., dinner on train.
Sacramento Valley Tour
Plans Are Finally
Arranged.
MAKE ITINERARY
. BOWENS LANDING— Arrived ,' May. - 1 20—
Stror . Redwood City,' hence May 18; ¦ Btmr Gua
lala, hence May. 17. . :. ', . ;. ¦ r .'"•-.-
TACOMA — Arrived ; May 20— Stmr 1 i Queen,
hence May 16;' Br" ship County of Caithness,
from Shanchal. . \^ ¦
Arrived 'May 20— Stmr City of Seattle, 1 from
Skagway; stmr :-Santa ',' Barbara, ' from San
Francisco. ¦- : ¦"'¦¦ . ¦> ¦¦¦:.'••.'¦ vv. -¦•. '<'¦.
PORT TOWNSEND — Sailed' May '. 20— Bark
Challenger,' for Delagoa Bay. J • -"¦ ¦:-- • -
Arrived May ; 20 — Ger . ship Ferdinand • Fisher,
from .Victoria. . - - -. ¦.:-.. - -
Passed : out : . May . 20— : -Stmr ; DolDhln,\. for
Alaska. > ' ¦ ¦ • "• .. - .:' •.-¦ ¦- •; .»•
Passed in May 2&— Br ship Ferdinand Fisher
for Seattle. . - ; ¦ ->-.¦.¦/..',.-'
POINT REYES — Passed •: May • 20, 7 ' a m—
Stmr Brunswick, .hence May -19, forUnalaska.
SEATTLE: — Sailed May IO— Stmr Dolphin,
for Skasrway. % . _
Sailed • May , 20— Stmr City of TopekiC for
Skajrway. . : - ' '• •¦ -..- • .-*" ~ ¦¦. ¦/., ¦' ;.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
April 30, lat 28. N. Ion 37 W— Ship I F Chap
man, from- New York, for 'Honolulu - 7 •
April -19. lat 25- S. Ion 23 W— Ger -ship 1
Nereus, from Philadelphia, for Nagasaki •
. April 25, lot 1 S, Ion 28 W— Fr . bark • Socoa,
from Swansea, for. San Francisco.' ¦ .• ¦,- •
SPOKEN.
TELEGRAPHIC. . ¦
. POINT LOBOS, May 20, 10 p' m— Weather
hazy; wind NW, velocity 24 . miles per hour..,
¦ . -Tuesday, May 20.
Stmr Brunswick, ¦ Koehler. ' for Unalaska
Stnu- Sequoia, Winkle, for Wlllapa HarboV
Stmr Celia, Hosran, for Albion - .»
Stmr Iaqua. Gunderson, for Grays Harbor
Stmr Gueen, Nelson, , for , Port ¦ Gamble • '
Stmr Mineola. Klrkwood, for. San Jos« de
Guatemala. - ',....
Stmr South Portland, Parker,' for Seattle.
Stmr Dora, Knudsen, for Nome and St'Mlch-
Stmr Gipsy. Swanson, for Santa Cruz v
Stmr Coaullle. River, . Johnson, , for ., Fort
Bragg. ' • . ..,-.•.
. Stmr Argo, Dunham, for Port Kenyon '¦'¦-
Stmr. John S Kimball. Thwlng,. for. Seattle
Schr Lizzie "Vance. . Olsen. ' for Portland '
Schr 'Una, Harklnn, for-— '— .-. . .- . .
Schr Roy Somers, SoIIand,' for Port Blake-
SAILED.
. Tuesday, May 20.
Stmr Mineola. Klrkwood, for San Jose de
Guatemala: Pacific Improvement Co '
Stmr John S Klmball, Thwing, for Seattle-
E T Kruse. ' •*• . -.-• -. •¦- . : . : , '
Stmr Dora, Knudsen, for St. Michael; North
ern Commercial Co. v ;• . ;.,---
Br «hb Criccieth Castle, . Daviea. ; for Mol
lendo; Balfour. Guthrle & Co. .
Br shin Glenalvon, Andrews, for Queens
town; Eppinger &. Co. , : -
CLEARED.
.. •> •¦ * ¦•- .-Tuesday, May 20.
Stmr, Pomona. Shea. ,16 hours from Eureka.
Stmr' Arco. Dunham. 22 hours -from Port
Kenyon. ¦ \ ¦ -, ¦ • .
. Stmr Meteor, Roberts,' 4 ; days and 6 r. hours
from Ladysmith. • -. . • ""'*•*'
Stmr Columbia,; Donuv M houra from Port
land. v)a. Astoria. • ... . - •/'¦>.•
_ Stmr City, of Para. Zeeder, f) fi days from
Panama, via Mazatlan 6% days.. -
Stmr Santa Monica. Olsen, 66 hours • from
San Pedro, via Port Harford 3.1 . hours
Stmr City of Para, Zeeder,. 24 days 15 : hours
from Panama, via Mazatlan ¦ 6 days 20 hours
rJ?«m tmr . c l" lbeUne ' Smith. 47 days from
Calcutta, via Mororan 10 days. ¦• • .• „,
_ Brl»f AV G Irwlri. Garthley, . 5 days • from
Roche Harbor. -via Port Anceles 4<days.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Major Pevol, ceneral superintendent of the
army tranFDort service, yesterday discharged
all the officers of the transport GranC with
the exception of Captain Crosky. The Grant
Discharges Grant's Crew.
FROM SEATTLE.
Th«- steamer Mineola, which sailed yester
day for San Jose de Guatemala, carried cargo
frcm this port valued at $74,175, and includ
ing the following: 15.25S railroad ties. 120 cre-
OM-te* 1 . timbers. 2133 pes bridge material. 29 cs
telephone material. 5 bbls tar, 42 pkgs hard
ware. 19 pkgs paints and oils. 134 bdls and
bars iron. 09 .sheets steel, 5 bbls clay and 40
bales waste. . In addition' to the foregoing the
steamer carried 230,000 feet lumber, laden at
A Cargo for Central America.
The British ship Criccieth Castle was cleared
yerterday for Mollendo Peru, with .49,041 rail
road tios. valued at $20,352.
Railroad Ties for Peru.
The British ship General Roberts Is char
tered for wheat from Tacoma to South Africa
at 2Ss.
The German bark Antigone loads lumber at
Chomalnus for Cork. U. K.
The bark Amy Turner returns to Hllo with
general cargo. • -• - • ¦ ¦• ¦ - -
Shipping Merchants.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
The steamer Dora sailed yesterday for St.
Michael with a large cargo and a number of
employes of the Northern Commercial Com
pany. r.<~ . - j - -
Off for St. Michael.
NEW YORK— Arrived May 20— Stmr Minne
apolis, from London. ..- ¦- • \ r :. . .
LONDON — Sailed May 20-^Stmr Cevic. from
Liverpool; stmr Kaiser -Wilhelm der Grosse,
from Bremen; -atmr Graf Waldersee, from
Hamburg.. <¦¦•-.' ¦ ; ' " /-¦' "- -..
Arrived May 20— Stmr Mlnnehaha, from New
YorU. ¦ "- ':"'": : ' '" ¦'¦ ' '¦: ' ""¦.¦¦.-'.• '
. YOKOHAMA— Arrived jj May 20— Stmr Em
pre«H or China, 'from Vancouver. ¦ ;¦¦-• .
Sailed May- 20 — Stmr Clavering, for Tacoma.'
QUEENSTOWN-^Arrived ' May. 20 — Stmr
Noordland, ¦-- from ! Philadelphia, for Liverpool;
stmr Ulton la.; from r Boston/- for Liverpool.-/-.. :
OCEAN STEAMERS.
LIVERPOOL — Arrived May 10 — Br bark
Formosa, from Oregon; :Br ship- Sierra Blanca,
hence Jan 41 • • ~ . ¦ /
LADYSMITH— Sailed May 10— Br «tmrvyic
toria, for San Francisco.
VICTORIA — Arrived May 20— Br stmr Wye
field, from San Diego; Nor stmr Titania, hence
May 10:JaD stmr Shinano Maru, from Yoko
hama; stmr. Glenogle, from Hongkong.
' SANTA ROSALIA— Sailed May 2— Ger bark
Alsterdam, for San. Francisco. . " - •
VALPARAISO^-Salled May 5— Ger stmr
Luxor, -for London. - ' . •
. ANTWERP— In port May S— Br ship Mus
selcraisr. for Oregon.
- HULL— In , port May 7 — Fr bark Grande
Duchesse'OlRa, for Oregon, via Tyne. .
. . COLON — Arrived $ May 18— Br \ stmr - Gray
fleld,'from'Norfolk."
ANTWERP — Arrived May • 18— Nor bark
Hereford, hence Dec 14. . K ¦
FA LMOUTH— Arrived May 1&— Br ship
Rlversdale, ¦ f rom Oregon.. . . <
GALWAY— Arrived May 17— Br bark Dun
earn, hence Dec 14. • , • • . •'•"; - '.
HAMBURG— Arrived May 18— Br bark Bar
fillan, from Oregon. / '. ' . ¦- ...
LIMERICK— Arrived May 19-^-Fr bark Du
guesclln, 'from.. Oregon. :•• - . ': .- ". • .
LONDON— Arrived May 10— Br bark Flfe
ehlre, from Oreron.- " ' f ' -.-¦¦¦•¦
PANAMA— Arrived " May 3— Stmr City of
Sydney, hence April 9. ¦'-. *¦¦¦¦, . < .
Arrived April '4— : Br stmr Colombia, hence
April 11. .; ' ' : < ¦ ,: , * .
WATERFORD — Arrived . May 17 — Br ship
Orontes, hence- Dec. 12. ': ¦ - .
LIZARD — Passed May. 18 — Fr bark Eugenie
Fautrel, from Queenstown, for . ¦>
- MUMBLES HEAD — Passed May 17 — Fr bark
Jeanne ¦ Cordonnler, ' from Port Talbot, for
Swansea and San Francisco. •' • '
VANCOUVER— Sailed May 20— Stmr Ellhu
Thompson, for Victoria, •/ ,' ;•, •¦ ¦ * ¦• •,
YOKOHAMA— Arrived May . 19— Br Btmr
Empreaa of China, from ' Vancouver.
Sailed May lfr—Br. stmr Clavering, for Ta
coma. ; ¦¦'¦"¦¦ '¦'¦'¦ ¦ * . * :'...¦¦•••--••. ¦' ¦ ¦ \
FOREIGN PORTS,
CAPE HENRY — Passed May 19 — Ship Henry
B- Hyde, -from'- Baltimore, "for San Francisco. -
NEW YORK — Arrived May 20 — Stmr Fi
nance, from Colon.- ¦ \ ." . ' ..',
EASTERN PORTS.
Sailed May 20— Ship Dashing Wave, for St
Michaels. ¦ • . . -
Sailed May 20 — Schr Eric, for San Pedro.
PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived May- 20— Schr.
Fred ¦ E : Sander, from Honolulu; schr John A
Campbell, ,. from : Coqulmbo; ,achr Ludlow, . for
San Pedro. . . " . ¦¦ '. ">
- SOUTH BEND^Salled May 20— Stmr Rival,"
for;San Francisco: echr. Melancthon, for San
Pedro. ¦• '¦ • ¦ '
GRAYS , HARBOR— Arrived May . 17— Stmr
Coronado, ' hence May \ 14. . -' /• '
¦ Arrived May 20 — Stmr Newburjc. from Seat
tle.- ' ¦'
NEAH- BAY— Passed out May 20— Br stmr
Victoria, for San Francisco; schr Alice Cooke,
for: Honolulu; schr Americana, for St 'Michael;
bark. Challenger, for Delagoa Bay. .
' Passed in May ' 20 — Stmr Santa Barbara,
hence May. 16, .for Seattle.
EUREKA — Sailed May 20 — Stmrs Pomona
and Prentlss. ¦•>'.¦¦ . ¦ . . .
Arrived May 20 — Stmrs Alliance and Brook
lyn,, hence; May, 17. • - .-'
SAN PEDRO — Arrived May 20— Schr C A
Klose. from Siuslaw. = .. ,
Sailed May 20— Stmr Bonita, for San Fran
cisco. . ' ' ' ¦ -. ' ¦¦¦'
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived May 20—
Stmr Ruth, from Eureka. , - '
Monday night at her apartments, 318 Tay
lor street, died at the Receiving. Hospital
last night from- the effect* of -the wound.
Her husband, -Lewis- Emery, an electri
cian, committed** Julctde In Mendocino
County last Saturday, and despondency
following his death caused her to take
her own life. A- boy aged two and a halt
years and a girl of five years survive the
deceased couple.
The steam collier Mineola sailed yesterday
for San Jose de Guatemala with railroad ties
and construction material for the Guatemala
Central Railroad.
Cargo of Railroad Ties.
TO SAIL,.
Reinsurance on the German ship H. F.
Glade, now out 213 days from this port for
Queenstown, was advanced yesterday to 90
per cent. This is the limit for reinsurance
and local speculators are playing her very
heavily. The rate on the British bark Elliot,
out 153 days from Chile, for Baltimore, was
yesterday advanced from 45 per cent to 70 per
cent, and the Tweedsdale. the other overdue
vessel, was advanced from 25 per cent to 30
per cent.
Bases to Ninety Per Cent.
has been taken out of 'commission and will
not resume her place on the active list until
certain extensive repairs have been made. She
will be turned over to whoever makes the
tuccessrul bid for the repairs. The whole
sale discharges were made for the purpose of
keeping the -payroll as low as possible during
the period of her inactivity.
TUGBOAT WHICH RAN OVER
A SLEEPING WHALE LAST
SUNDAY.
Captain Dave STiaw of the tugboat Reliance
ran into a sleeping whale on Sunday afternoon
off Point Diablo. The shock Jarred the tow
boat, but the whale c°t the worst of the en
counter an<2 was probably cut to pieces by the
Reliance'* propeller. Tlje Reliance and Alert
«er* returnine from s;a after bavine towed
cut the shla Emi'.y F. Whitney. As the Re
liance was rounding Point Diablo,' Captain
£haw, who was In the wheelhou^e, felt a heavy-
Jar and for awhile thought the boat had struck
a rock. He stopped the engines. Astern of
the boat he saw en the surface of the water a
patch of blood. Going back to investigate he
found mixed with the blood huge slabs of flesh
that resemb!ed whale blubber. The blood
j.atch extended for quite a distance and there
was a lance quantity of the chopped-up blub
ber floating in th» vicinity. Of the whale itself
Fhaw saw nothing. He thinks the leviathan
must have been sleeping, that it was dis
turbed by the towboat sliding across its back
End started to rise in time to get into trouble
with the rapidly revolving propeller. Judg
'.ng from the quantity of blood and discon
' rioted tissue. Shaw is of the opinion that the
v.'vale died.
Collides With a Whale.
Dr. Cummings said yesterday that there
was no doubt whatever as to the cause
of Herdman's death, that there was no
other sickness on board and that although
proper precaution demanded the detention
of \Jtie passengers and crew he did not
anticipate any further trouble. » The pas
sengers will be released on Sunday.
Herdman, the uead freight clerk, was
taken sick down the coast and died about
a week ago. He was buried at sea. He
was about 28 years old and had been in
the Mall Company's service four years.
He was considered a verv valuable clerk
and was in line for early: promotion. He
lived in this city with his aged mother.
:o whose support he was the sole con
tributor.
The Para left Panama twenty-five days
ago, and her time from Mazatlan was six'
days and twenty hours. She has seven
teen cabin passengers and eleven in the
steerage, of •whom nine are Chinese.
when Dr. Cummlngs of the Fed
eral quarantine boarded her he found
that yellow fever had been on board and
claimed one victim, W. J. Herdman, a
freight clerk. After satisfying himself
that yellow fever had been beyond ques
tion the cause of death. Dr. Cummings
ordered that the passengers and crew bc
landed^ with their baggage, at Angel Isl
and and that the veesel be taken to the
fumigating hulk for disinfection. The
passengers and crew will be detained five
days in quarantine. The vessel will be
turned over to the Pacific Mail Company
as soon after the fumigation as a new
crew is sent to take charge of her.
THE Pacific Mail Company's steam
ship City of Para arrived yester
day from Panama with the yel
low flag at her masthead, and
Movements of Steamers.
TO ARRIVE.
Branch Hydrographic Office.' IT. S. M., Mer
chants' Exchange, San . Francisco, ' Cal.,
May 20. 1002. '.
The Time ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day,
i. e., at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
p. m., Qreenwlch time. "
' > XV.- H. STANDLET. '
Ueutenant,- U. S. N., in charge.
Time Ball.
NOTE — In the above exposition- of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the' successive 'tides of ' the
day in the order, of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights' given are In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Const Survey charts, except' when a minus (— )
sign precedes- the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
th« charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters. ¦ • ¦
Sun rises ...4:54
Sun sets 7:18
Moon sotg ...., ..........4:24 a. m.
WEDNESDAY. MAT 21.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to • San
Francisco Bay. .Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent . ..-•' .
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both' places.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Seal tic. valued at $2360. and ¦ 350 tons . coal,
laden at Tacoma. valued at $1050. , . .
THE JsAN; FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAT 21, 1902.
YELLOW JACK ON THE CITY OF PARA
CAUSES A DETENTION IN QUARANTINE
5
d Time Time - . Time
5- Ft. -— — Ft.. — —
a L ,W . H W , L W*
21 5:00—0.111:59 4.4 4:31
22- 5:36 — 0.2 12:44 4.4 R:0"
23 6:11 — 0.2 1 :30 4.4 5:45
21 6:4S— 0.1 2:14 4.4 fi:25
H W L W H W
25 0:16 4.0 7:24 0.1 2:58
20 0:45 4.7 8:00 0.3 3:3»
27 1:20 4:.V8::»1 0.5 4:17
2S 2:09 4.2 9:21| 0.8| 4:56
Time
Ft Ft.
H W .
2.0 10:51 5.4
2.9 11:20 5.3
2.9 11:47 5.1
2.9 ..... .....
L. W '
4.4 7:09 3.0
-4.4 8:041 3.0
4.5 ft:0ft| S.I
4.7|10:20| 3.2
Steamer.
From.
Due.'
Wellington... Comox .....•..'.
Rival Wlllaoa Harbor ........
South Coast.. Humboldt
Phoenix .' Mendoclno City
Lakme. ....... Humboldt
Eureka Humboldt ...............
G. Dollar Grays Harbor
City Puebla,-. Puget Sound Ports ....
Point Arena. . Point Arena
Santa Rosa.. San Diego & Way Ports
Arctic Humboldt .... :
Victoria Oyster .Harbor
Mandalay Coquille River .........
Bonita. Newport & Way Ports.
Corocado.... Grays Harbor .: ,
Arcata Coos Bay & Port Orf ord.
Edith... Seattle
Pomona.. Humboldt
G. Llndauer. Grays Harbor
G. W. Elder. Portland & Astoria
S.Barbara... Seattle
Tltanla.... .. Nanaimo
Newburg Grays Harbor
Alamcda Honolulu ',
Curacao..... Mexican Ports
Qtie^n Pu*et Sound Ports ....
Coos Bay. . . . San Pedro & Way Ports.
Acme Sluslaw River .....:....
North Fork.. Humboldt
City .Sydney. . Panama. & Way Ports.)
Amer. Maru . J-China & Japan
Columbia. . .< I Portland & Astoria
May 21
May 21
May 21
May 21
May 21
May 22
May 22
May 22
May 22
May 22
May 22
May 23
May 23
May 23
May 23
May 24
May 24
May 25
May 25
May 25
May 26
May 2(1
May 26
May 27
I May 27
May 27
IMay 27
May 28
May 28
May 20
May SO
May 30
Steamer.
For.
!¦ Sails.
Farallon.....jSkaitway & Way Ports. May 21
City Seattle. . >Rkajrway & Way Ports May 23
Humboldt. ... Skagway ¦ & Way Ports. May 24
Excelsior.... Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. May 25
J. S. Klmball.lNome direct May 25
Discovery 1 Golofnin Bay direct. . . . May 28
lMrfgo i Skagway & Way Ports. May 27
K. Thompson. Nome & St. Michael... May 27
Centennial ... Nome • direct ....... May 29
Cottage City. [ Skagway & Way Ports". May 30
Steamer.
I
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
May 21.
S. Monica. . Hnmboldt . . ;
Lakine Los Angeles Ports.
Acme* Siuslaw River ....
Umatllla... Puget ¦ Sound Ports
May 22. .
Centennial. Nome via Seattle..
Phoenix '. Mendoclno City ...
Pomona . Humboldt ;...
San Pedro. Grays Harbor
StateCal.. 8an Diego &Way..
Coos Bay., fian Pedro & Way..
Ventura,.. Sydney & Way Pts.
North Fork Humboldt 7
Ncvrsboy. . . Nome via . Golofnln
May 23.
Columbia.. Astoria & Portland
May 24.
Kureka.... Humboldt .........
Arctic Humboldt'
O. Dollar . . Grays • Harbor ......
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena ...;...
Rival Wlllaoa Harbor ...
- May 2S.
C Nelson.. Seattle & Tacoirm.:
Arcata ICoos Bay & Pt. Orfd
Santa Rosa I San Diego & Way..
. May 26.
Bonita I Newport t& Way...
City Puebla! Puget Sound Ports.
Mandalay.. Cdqullle River ....
May 2T.
Ccronado.. Grays Harbor
Rainier Seattle & Whatcom
Coptic China & Japan
May 28. :¦
City Para.. Panama. & Way...
G. Elder... Astbria & Portland.
' May 31.
Alameda... Honolulu ...'
Queen Puget Sound Ports.
10 amlPier 2
5 pm Pier 2
8 pm Pier 2
11 am Pier 10
8 pm Pier 10
3 pm Pier 13
1:30 p Pier 9
10 am Pier 2
9 am Pier 11
9 am Pier 11
10 am Pier T
9 am Pier 2
I Pler.10
11 am Pier 24
9 am Pier 18
12.. m Pier 2
' 4 pm Pier 2
2 pm Pier 2
'4 pm Pier 2
10 am Pier -2
12 m Pier 13
9 am Pier 11
9 am Pier 11
11 am Pier^ 9
2 pm Pier j 2
.8 pm Pier 2
5 pm Pier i - 2
1 pm PMSS
12* m PMSS
11 am Pier 24
2 pm Pier 7
11 am Pier 9
Steamer.
For.
!¦ Sails.
Farallon.....jSkaitway & Way Ports. May 21
City Seattle. . >Rkajrway & Way Ports May 23
Humboldt. ... Skagway ¦ & Way Ports. May 24
Excelsior.... Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. May 25
J. S. Klmball.lNome direct May 25
Discovery 1 Golofnin Bay direct. . . . May 28
lMrfgo i Skagway & Way Ports. May 27
K. Thompson. Nome & St. Michael... May 27
Centennial ... Nome • direct ....... May 29
Cottage City. [ Skagway & Way Ports". May 30
Steamer.
I
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
May 21.
S. Monica. . Hnmboldt . . ;
Lakine Los Angeles Ports.
Acme* Siuslaw River ....
Umatllla... Puget ¦ Sound Ports
May 22. .
Centennial. Nome via Seattle..
Phoenix '. Mendoclno City ...
Pomona . Humboldt ;...
San Pedro. Grays Harbor
StateCal.. 8an Diego &Way..
Coos Bay., fian Pedro & Way..
Ventura,.. Sydney & Way Pts.
North Fork Humboldt 7
Ncvrsboy. . . Nome via . Golofnln
May 23.
Columbia.. Astoria & Portland
May 24.
Kureka.... Humboldt .........
Arctic Humboldt'
O. Dollar . . Grays • Harbor ......
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena ...;...
Rival Wlllaoa Harbor ...
- May 2S.
C Nelson.. Seattle & Tacoirm.:
Arcata ICoos Bay & Pt. Orfd
Santa Rosa I San Diego & Way..
. May 26.
Bonita I Newport t& Way...
City Puebla! Puget Sound Ports.
Mandalay.. Cdqullle River ....
May 2T.
Ccronado.. Grays Harbor
Rainier Seattle & Whatcom
Coptic China & Japan
May 28. :¦
City Para.. Panama. & Way...
G. Elder... Astbria & Portland.
' May 31.
Alameda... Honolulu ...'
Queen Puget Sound Ports.
10 amlPier 2
5 pm Pier 2
8 pm Pier 2
11 am Pier 10
8 pm Pier 10
3 pm Pier 13
1:30 p Pier 9
10 am Pier 2
9 am Pier 11
9 am Pier 11
10 am Pier T
9 am Pier 2
I Pler.10
11 am Pier 24
9 am Pier 18
12.. m Pier 2
' 4 pm Pier 2
2 pm Pier 2
'4 pm Pier 2
10 am Pier -2
12 m Pier 13
9 am Pier 11
9 am Pier 11
11 am Pier^ 9
2 pm Pier j 2
.8 pm Pier 2
5 pm Pier i - 2
1 pm PMSS
12* m PMSS
11 am Pier 24
2 pm Pier 7
11 am Pier 9
Steamer.
From.
Due.'
Wellington... Comox .....•..'.
Rival Wlllaoa Harbor ........
South Coast.. Humboldt
Phoenix .' Mendoclno City
Lakme. ....... Humboldt
Eureka Humboldt ...............
G. Dollar Grays Harbor
City Puebla,-. Puget Sound Ports ....
Point Arena. . Point Arena
Santa Rosa.. San Diego & Way Ports
Arctic Humboldt .... :
Victoria Oyster .Harbor
Mandalay Coquille River .........
Bonita. Newport & Way Ports.
Corocado.... Grays Harbor .: ,
Arcata Coos Bay & Port Orf ord.
Edith... Seattle
Pomona.. Humboldt
G. Llndauer. Grays Harbor
G. W. Elder. Portland & Astoria
S.Barbara... Seattle
Tltanla.... .. Nanaimo
Newburg Grays Harbor
Alamcda Honolulu ',
Curacao..... Mexican Ports
Qtie^n Pu*et Sound Ports ....
Coos Bay. . . . San Pedro & Way Ports.
Acme Sluslaw River .....:....
North Fork.. Humboldt
City .Sydney. . Panama. & Way Ports.)
Amer. Maru . J-China & Japan
Columbia. . .< I Portland & Astoria
May 21
May 21
May 21
May 21
May 21
May 22
May 22
May 22
May 22
May 22
May 22
May 23
May 23
May 23
May 23
May 24
May 24
May 25
May 25
May 25
May 26
May 2(1
May 26
May 27
I May 27
May 27
IMay 27
May 28
May 28
May 20
May SO
May 30
d Time Time - . Time
5- Ft. -— — Ft.. — —
a L ,W . H W , L W*
21 5:00—0.111:59 4.4 4:31
22- 5:36 — 0.2 12:44 4.4 R:0"
23 6:11 — 0.2 1 :30 4.4 5:45
21 6:4S— 0.1 2:14 4.4 fi:25
H W L W H W
25 0:16 4.0 7:24 0.1 2:58
20 0:45 4.7 8:00 0.3 3:3»
27 1:20 4:.V8::»1 0.5 4:17
2S 2:09 4.2 9:21| 0.8| 4:56
Time
Ft Ft.
H W .
2.0 10:51 5.4
2.9 11:20 5.3
2.9 11:47 5.1
2.9 ..... .....
L. W '
4.4 7:09 3.0
-4.4 8:041 3.0
4.5 ft:0ft| S.I
4.7|10:20| 3.2
INSURANCE COMPANY.
OF HARTFORD, IN THE STATE OF CON-
nectlcut, on the. 31st day of December,
A. D. 1901, and for the year ending on
that day as made to the Insurance Commis-
sioner of the State of California, pursuant to
the provisions of sections 610 and 611 of tne
Political Code, condensed as per blank , fur-
nished by the Commissioner.
f ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company... I399.053 32
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages.... 647.715 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks „„_.„„
and Bonds owned by Company.. 3,627.469 00
Cash in Company's Office 667 73
Cash In , Banks . .v, - ... . . 819.574 00
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion • • . . 609.737 37
Total Assets • ..$5,^04.216ja
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $101,074 87
Losses iu process of Adjustment or „
In Suspense • ol'SSf 23
Losses resisted. Including expenses 23,606 60
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run- • .
ning one year or less, $2,272,- _
- 456 31; reinsurance 50 per cent.. 1.136,223 la
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, $2,548,- *
832 50; reinsurance pro rata.... 1,419,258 00
Contingent reserve fund 25.000 00
All other liabilities 179.779 42
Total Liabilities . .'. .$3.122.943 12
INCOME. ' . • x
Net cash actually received for Fire^ .„,..„
premiums ••• $3,433,158 00
Received for interest on Bonds and _
Mortgages ...'. S9.628 00
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans and „„¦'¦¦¦,._
¦ from all other sources 153,302 10
Received for Rents ...;.'. 4. 108 60
Pront and Loss. 138 40
Total income $3,630,388 00
EXPENDITURE3v_ .
Net amount paid "for Fire Losses
(including $209,864 05. losses of „„„„.„
previous years $l,75l;8»0 44
Dividends to Stockholders... 120.000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or .
Brokerage 651,599 21
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other .
charges for officers, clerks, etc.. 207,625 59
Paid for State. National and Local "
taxes '. •••• 110.96774
All other payments and expendl-
• tures '. •- 360.594 00
Total Expenditures $3.202. 667 04
•¦¦¦- ' ¦ • •¦ ' Fire. v
Losses Incurred during the year... $1,867,068 12
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of 'Risks . ¦ . "
; written during . the ' - .
*i year - / $520,605,644 $4,794,779 88
Net amount of " Risks
V expired' during the
year - ..... . . . .'. .'. . . . 391,259,277 3,719,379 20
Net amount in force ¦.-¦>. ,;¦¦ > -i. ,
December 31. 1001.. '50G.6C8.063 4.821.2S8 81
JAMES NICHOLS, President.
B. R. STILLMAN, .Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 13th
day of January, 1902. ¦ - . , -
FRED B. SEYMOUR. Notary Public.
Fire and Marine
INSURANCE COMPANY.
OP SPRINGFIELD, IN THE STATE OT
Massachuaetta. on the 31st day ot Decem-
ber, A. D. 1901, and for the year ending oa
that. day, as made- to the Insurance Commis-
sioner of the State of California, pursuant to
the provisions of sections 610 and 611 of th«
Political Code, condensed as per blank fur-
nished by the Commissioner. ¦ '->"¦¦
CAPITAL* .
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
» Cash $2.000.000,0*
.: * ¦ ASSETS.. ;--^. v
Real Estate owned by Company.. $222,325 00
Loans on Bonds. and Mortgages... 6W.430 00
Cash Market Value ot all Stocks
. and Bonds owned by Company.. 4,084, (Hfl 00
Amounts of . Loans secured by
pledge of Bonds. Stocks and
other marketable securities as
collateral 21.873 09
Cash in Company's Office......... 8,610 84
Cash ln'Banks 408 699 00
Interest due and 'accrued oa all
Stocks and Loans ST30S 43
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 13.823 23
Premiums In due Course of Collec- .
tion 843.S38 ©3
Rents due and accrued .'.. 1355 84
Due from other Companies for Re- ' -T^T
insurance on losses already paid ' 12.784 57
Total Assets $5,898.387 49
• . LIABILITIES. -
Losses adjusted and unpaid....... $83,822 81
Losses In process of Adjustment or
in Suspense 218,863 IS
Losses resisted, including expenses 34,738 01
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or lees. $2,008,-
602 64; reinsurance 60 per cent.. 1.004.301 21
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run- ¦
nine more than one year, $2,056.- . ¦
167 46; reinsurance pro rata,... 1.159 282 1A
Commissions and Brokerage duo "^
- and to become due 108.66T 28
Total Liabilities .$2,611,692 15
• ' INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Flr»
premiums S2.D22 07* fn
Received for interest on Bonds and
Mortgages-. 805S2 22
Received for interest and dividends »«—•»-
on Bonds. Stocks, Loans and
from all other sources 150 «» 7a
Received for Rents ** 7J
Total Income- .$3.115,947 85
/ EXPENDITURES. . :
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(Including $195,556 64. losses of
previous years).. $1,490 ISO. rr
Dividends to Stockholders ........ ' lsn'ooo 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or *~ >wv w
Brokerage ;. B61 S22 03
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other,
charges for of fleers, clerks, ete..' 121964 57
Paid for State. National and Local *¦¦'
taxes ....." _ 97215 85
Air other payments and expendi-
tures .... 313.553 20
• t Total Expenditures $2,734,741 07
Fire.
Losses Incurred during the year... $1,615. C83 19
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount . of Risks
written during the
year $313,578,672 $3,923,493 87
Net - amount - of Risks
expired during . the
year ...;.;:........ 208.811.547 2.874.350 81
Net amount in force
1 December 31. 1901.. 402.150.165 4.0C4.7T0 00
.:¦-.,- A. W. DAMOX, President.
"W.- J. MACKAT, Secretary. .
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 21st
day of January. 1902.
\ PERCY S. GATES, Notary PubUS.
..-,'.¦.- , '' OP THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
National Fire Springfield
PACIFIC DEPARTMENT .
34 ;Sansome Street, Corner Bush.
GEO. D. PORNIN, :'GEb. W. DORNIN,
Manager. x . J . - ; : Asst. Manager.
| ' Newest and most stylish Stationery Mc---A great Sale Thursday, J
TWO DreSS Goibds \ Son 2 Recitals in Attraction Hall every day this week — Hourly Irom 10 a. m. JLawn f/IOWerS "%
* Bargains Wednesday. ;r A good mxter adJMtab i e blade * well . *
i;:75cNove.t y Stripc Ba tiste59^Avcr y ¦ Ulvstrated by stcrcopticon view, _ S^^^ °^^7^' I
If pretty all-wool fabric, with handsome silk - : -^. — T^p J*~3^f ' $3,OO; 12-bch, $3.25.' ¦, J
It. gowns; is a 8 inches wide and comes in seven ':¦ jfwS' JL*^ ' '^ -^ •• ~M MM
J| SHi^^SSS C^^^^^!^V^^£^^ SprMklingOans^ktc. |
K only . . . . , 59C 0 £ We have had several lots of Garden Hose of- .^
I AH-Wooi Venetians and Ser 8 es- 3 8 -rnnrnnriifriTnni 1 ,i • '/ tw jm^»~ — ""^^ i 5
( jf inches w dt, excellent qua'ities, popular ma- ,1 im — ¦ ¦¦UI'PTjgJTSlJ'llW*' '"" per foot, but such goods would not bc cheap, 'j*
X teru's for separate ounng »iru, the full lne -¦^^^^^£iS& SJMJ^ AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE In hose you require an article that will not '2
J. of staple and new colorings; .500 yards on _ : ___ : ; ___ — • ; ,. ' spring aleak the first time used. .We offer %
special sale Wednesday only, at *+q Handsomely appointed. Ladies'/ Hair Dressing and Manicvrintf Department on you to-day and whUe a large stock oa hand J*
If the astonish.ngylowpr.ee. ¦ JW . Moor> n ear clcva tor, on West Side Ol bvildin*. t 2^ Fade of pure rubber J
jf " . - — =rr — ¦ — -' ¦ ¦¦ •¦-•¦- - - ' . Garden Hose, substanoafly made, that we can j^
! o^f*i"Stl^,- Daintiest ot OvercoUars 12Zc. *£*«;>«*• --^ifS|
If .ance of a large lot recent'y sold by us at spe- Tqc dosino; dayT)! this SVTprising Sale, Which is OnC.o! UlOSC frequent OVt-bl- tooTcav^hS^T Jer'Sie'"*' "flfi '«
I t^^^^^^irZ^ the-ordinaryevmls that have made ovr special sales lamovs. : N«*. 2 H-e-i^J? and^ fapSS |
l£ .. and bottomland worth douHe OffJ, ''j' - * '" - " '" / ' '^ _ _ "' ¦ ¦-'/:-¦ ' • - --- -¦--.. T'^a *"*¦ " **** "^ * S
\K Wednesday's special price -pair.. r ' n^^SA-r 1 ;?^ 1 *^!^!^ n- j V " w'/ * '*' '¦ ' ' S c°° *
If • ' ¦. v * .,'?:• - --•¦-:. *$^zteF~V(\ T (\ K^TStc*^ 5 VV^-^x^^ ., Dumond Hose Mendert— Consisting of six V
!$ ¦¦¦:.__ -• .- , '--I 1^**&l&*§S! £ ltt i tubes and dx wire band, and » pair of h<*e' *
: | . : Hammock Values. '. % ' p»y«. * * ««t box. ...... 7 . .250 $
i If Frcm our assortment of more than ,00 sryles Until'; closing time to-night/ balance of the 4060 of this season's moat s'tylish p J&SS l ,2S? illS Gms T Wlth 1°" ,5
¦$ n^tcepSnalXs^^lSS silk : embroidered Grass Linen OvcrcoUars, in white,, pink, blue and tan *^an«xe. . 23o . . 40b *
'¦ 9S These hammocks will be on sale at these grounds, with different colorings of embroidery; thousands of dozens of 3-qnart »«e-. . 30o %-<pajt . . 50 O jg
i JI prices while quantities last: : . .which have' been sold all over the United States at 25c each; <& *Tb /-^ A " iU2It "" ' ' 3 ''^^ • * 60 ° 5
j Colored Cotton^-Gaure weave with spreaders at CX actly -half price .................... ....... B 2*2 WallTentS *
I .. Colored Cotton-Canvas weave, with spreaders . ¦¦:¦".•''¦ _ _^_ _ -• ¦ ' - .- __ 1 Dspt. StOPO PHCCS. ' $
| with sp^d^; pillo^and Vaian^ . 00^113030 $1.25 BiOVQS ' 98C. < J:*"<£ £* 3
*» ...... .-'-.. .... .$tmOO Wednesday only we 'offer 300 pairs 2-clasp real Kid Gloves — In or need 1 new tent i
\ I C0l rbt fnTvS?" WCaV *' -* 1 * St^Ss C ° lors and >b!ack ' with - 8clf and " bIack 8titchin S on the backs;' gloves'" taken for any purpose it *^7/ZySk *
S ColoreT Cctton— Canvas "weave,^^'witlfsp"read- from our own stock of the $ 1. 2 5 quality ancj marked ; down to ninety-eight lwyro f ol ™VE%w'/Nk ' *
ers, pillow and vi!a.nce . . . . '. $1.50 cents; not because of any imperfections, for they are correct in -style and " t °J^ "™ j j° '%
J Other stvles iu fac guard design* up to perfect in every way; but to again introduce, to your special • notice our great of the^ues that 3
If Anfho°; C Sammock Ropes-Very strong, per- S loVC St f l0Tl ? thc rotUnda ™ haVC markedthesc genuine Aj{ we offer for our J
*V f ccl l y ,,f e , easily adjJted; per pair . ? . . $ 1-2$ g^es, for the one day only £706? quotauon,for these five «es rfWiITafc X
m . } ' - - -,. 2qL an<1 9ts n ~ ' : . ¦ s ' All have 3-foot waD«: j»
I ~ \ Another Big Wash Goods Sale. ™£:&oo'$&*£k5ts 5
j Berry Set 39c. Best Values This Season, i p . 9^fe.- r .wo- 5
If. A wry pretty 'Imiution Cut Glass Berry Set, A- lot of 1 08 pieces real Scotch Madras— Made! to order especially for us; tOteS md nm txtra. J
jj; consUting of a hrge 8-.nch berry bowl and wer e shipped to us later than, contracted -for. Rather than have them re- Good Dnnimnttn 11n 5
*, , six saucers in the, same fancv patterns, reeu- . , , • i i«» "i .... . _,, , . 1XUUW mJuiMHMMtsllu M MB. ••
\ larly 6 S c.a set; marked for __ turned the makers . made us a liberal concession in . price. They are the A heavy quaKty,' 36 inches wide, choice new 5
I V ' Wednesday only ...-. . . . 39C mest desirable fabrics in the stylish Persian woven stripes, medium color- Persian designs for draperies, couch covers, X
; K Lemon-Juice Extractor— Large sire, made of ings; are 31 inches wide and would ibs an unusually: good value at 2Cc per boxes, etc.; worth at least 15c a ysrdj \ 4*
j K -glass, with handle and .lip to pour; all you d b fae j t j, Qn special salc Wednesday only. at. /. ;..... . . . . 17 O % *** «afe Wednesday only.. If G 5
¦'If, have to. do 11 to put the lime or lemon on v r . . . 7 , ' m %g j __ — , , ,
t^ top, turn it'around, and all of the juice drips " — . -- ¦ '- ~Z% m . " rr ~- - ... ¦ . ~L LStdlBS* Kfl'iVBS 38c Each x
jjC into the glass beneath, dear with- n TewSCOP** BaSKetS, Groceries, Wednesday. 30o dainty Pocket Knives for ladies, «
K oyt seed— each ...... ... IUC A Sale Wednesday. EmnoHum Family FlOUr— of «ch standard and well known makes a/: *
?C ¦; i "~ "~ ' Five sizes of well- " ¦''.'. EirJ»e% family, whole wheat or graham, our ¦¦ ¦¦ • "5
% LltJUOrS Wednesday. .made Telescope fejj; '•: ~? '.-. -.'i'^T'iTrNv^ guarantee with every sack; 5 o-!b. _. utL
If Cutter Al Whisky— At the extraordinary cut Baskets, bought sacks; Wednesday only . ..; . /OC -^^^r-rrrr^Rl^aS^^^ "<f
|S price, Wednesday only; bottle. ... .7/ O « a sacrifice - ;^pMf^| f^£M' " Im P rried CastiIe Soap— 1200 bars of one of (^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^\ °?
; jf Zinfandel— Extra ihoice, good old stock table P" ce from an ." •¦ -the best brands madej large size, regularly X>tSs *^ ;^ !gii^f^£sSgr>3*^ipe| ) $
;S . wine, Wednesday; gallon . . . . . 55q importer who * •%»¦»¦**- m-*^**-*-*** ¦ 30c; special Wednesday omy, bar . 22^O Jf — X
K M«lt Extract— Pabst, best tonic, Wednesday; had. too many of theroj are offered at special Ohirardelll's Eagie Chocolate— i-lb. cakes, 1 "> *
I* ¦ dozen.. . . .. . '.' . . . .$2,2G sale for Wednesday only at the lowest prices Wednesday/'. ..;....'.•. . 200 '^ -"tn- u-~s r ~~~ r 'J «5
i Root Beer Extract— Hire* s/ Wednesday; two we have ever been able to sell them at. Heinz* Apple Butter— Put 1 up in rancy 3-lb. Jt
Ig . bottlrs.. . . . . . . . . ."• . *. 25O J 4-Jnch sire— Regularly 45c, for . .. . 18O stone crocks; Wednesday, each . ".i^^jj Heckles, Graeff & Schmidt, Boker Tree £
J. Champion Whisky — A choice blend of Ken- 1 6-inch size— Regularly 3 5c, for . . . 23O Koni , Coffee— Our .fancy Hawaiian blend; Brand and Krusius Bros., two blades in each, *
J tucky Bourbon, Wednesday; gal., $2.4-0; f 7-| n ch size-l-Regular!y 40c, for . . . 28 O -.either ground or'bean; Wednesday, lb. J9O «ome with nail files, each and every knife jj
K quart bott'es. . .• . . ... . . . '. 7SO 1 9^9^ 50c, for . . . 38O Cracker*, ibcial Tea Biscuiis — Kennedy's guaranteed; pretty pearl, white bone and stag X
Jf, Impo.ted Glnjer Ale— Cantei ft'Cockrane, ao-«nch size— Regularly 60c, for . .. . 48O /Eastern; package .....: "..:..'. ./.>|> handles; on special saJe Wednesday X
J the best and only, genuine; dozen. $/, BO 'Basket.Djpt'.—SeCOndFIOOr. "- Strawberry Jam— New, i-lb. jars . : .-. f 5c only— each . ........ CfSO £.
the ;empoihuii.
THE EMPOBITJM.
THE EMPOBXCOI.
THE EMP0BIU2L
B- ' iJJP^-'-' n California figs' 1 and prunes |
W^' : - ' '"'mfi'Jy "-'¦ m combined ('.wit # h -selected;.. I
H H grain by our special process - I
m makes a delicious Cereal I
: ••..:¦,- ¦'¦ 'V'"'jr- ; 2J<y " fi ? Coffee, rich;'; in nutriment' ; 1
/^V^^^ ra and pleasing to the taste. I
: - ' yjj&L 1^ M AsK Your i Grocer 1
'..¦¦^^SWwiii l r^» N \B- for a Sample 1
J-^l WOO V ClIIU II
The new Keller suitings are llpp pi '
exclusive in design, high '¦'•'¦ p^| 1^9 '
class and stylish. -V PP liffl
I The Kel : er tailoring is un- . wjjii p|
excelled in execution and W0. Wm
•kill. Every thread -put into if| VM
a Keller garment is. put there ''«ds \S
with the consciousness that ie lf|
must serve as an argument ...'Jff-. '
> .for the Keiler tailoring. 4&S? \ '¦-¦}^[
J028-J030 MARKET STREET, \
SAX FRAXCISCO. \
ALSO OAKLAND. A
- '.' ' ' ' -- ¦ ¦¦•'¦¦ i - . \a floral parade and many prettily deco
rated equipages will be In line. The pa
rade will be a miniature rose pageant
such* as originated in this city several
years ago and which brought Santa Rosa
into much prominence by reason of the
The festivities at the park will Include
Speaker Henderson has an unruly. following ;in the
House, but as he has just been unanimously renomi
nated for -an i eleventh term .it is evident he is . some-.
thing'of a czar in hisdistrict all right.
A baseball player at St. Joseph was shocked the
other day by lightning. . And the "fans" have been
wondering ever since why it was the umpire escaped."
•'.¦> -'.--¦¦rr'-i-: '¦„¦ v;:-' •._¦-"";<,•,- ';¦-:;,¦'¦¦.*.-'._-,.;¦.¦
PAN -AMERICAN CONGRESS — L..
City. In Current History, commencing
¦with the December number, which can
bo seen in the periodical room of the free
Public Library. ' will be found a concise
account of what was done "by the Pan-
American Congress held in the City of
Mexico. J
ASSUMED NAMES— A Subscriber, City.
Persons may marry under assumed names
as it Is the individuals and not the names
that are married, but in doing so the per
sons are taking a ;.'*whole lot- of trouble"
upon themselves.
One of the tricks of the Gage manage
ment in the, San Jose campaign' was the
use cf promises concerning the Big Basin
Park. Governor j Gage has, during the
past few weeks, and in fact ever since the
campaign' at San Jose opened, been say
ing that he found' the San Jose people
strongly in favor of the park. His fol
lowers went a step farther and promised
that the deal for; the sale of the lands
to be included In the park would be closed
this week, or directly after the election.
A San Francisco business man received a
letter a few days before the election from
Andrew P. Hill. of San Jose, in which the
statement was made that the deal would
probably be closed this week. Hill is one
of the prime' movers, for the Big. Basin
Park and he seemingly was led into be
lieving that "the promises of the Gage
'management at; San Jose relative to the
park would be speedily fulfilled.
The. fact is that no titles to land have
been passed by the . Attorney General of
the State and' there is no telling just
OLD ACE-A. S., City. The author of
the poem entitled "Old Ace" and com
mencing with "What pleasures can com
pare," is, so says a frien'd of this depart
ment, Fred Emerson Brooks.
Among the British there are reported to be/two N ,
views— one in - favor of /continuing the fight until • the
Boers yield in an unconditional surrender, the other,
advocating, a "grant: of liberal terms so" that the con-'
"•It is. further stated ' that wh'ile the Transvaal men
are eager for peace, the men of Orange Free State
are sullen and unwilling, to surrender.
Not long ago the London Telegraph obtained
from its correspondent at Klerksdorp a report of in
formation-gained by interviews with Boer delegates
assembled there to discuss peace propositions. In
the course of his report he says the Boer's concede
that the two republics ' must pass under the sover
eignty of Great Britain, but demand that they.be
"reconstructed under the British flag as self-govern
ing states within a specified period. The time limit
for reconstruction is to be one year, and there is to'
be no disfranchisement interposed against those
who have taken up arms. -A further consideration is
that a " sum of money sufficient to rebuild the de
stroyed farms and to fairly restock them should be
granted. The amount is variously estimated at one
to triree. millions sterling. Another, and equally
specific term 16 that there shall be immunity given
to all rebels, Cape, Natal or others, and to all per
sons who bore arms against the" British; that no
penal proceedings shall be taken against 'them, and
that they shall not be otherwise molested. or, debarred
the enjoyment of any civic rights and. privileges con
ceded to their fellow^burghers."
So strict has been the British censorship upon re
ports from South Africa that very little reliable-in
formation has been made public concerning the
terms offered by either party. The length ot time
occupied in the negotiations, however, is enough to
render it certain that the original propositions of
the two "parties were radically different from one an
other, and that ; a great deal of difficulty has been
found in arranging a basis of agreement ..
REPORTS that British officers and agents in
this, country have been instructed to make no
further purchases of horses or mules for use
in South Africa go far to confirm the belief that the
chances of peace between the British and the Boers
are much better than has been given out in Parlia
ment. There is of course a desire on the part of the
Ministry to begin retrenching expenditures as soon
as possible, but at the same time they would not un
dertake it at the expense of the army unless. they
were much more sure of a termination of hostilities
than they pretend to be in their official utterances.
PEA0E NEGOTIATIONS.
How vast the change has been appears in the
statement that these visiting business men will be
shown in Tulare County 5000 acres of- citrus ; ar- .
chards, ; growing and. bearing in a -belt that runs like
a broad ribbon from Porteryille three hundred miles
north to Oroville. On that belt will grow oranges
more excellent than the fruit of Sicily and in an
abundance that will fill tens, of thousands of cars and
supply not only the, American market but send to
Europe a surplus that will make the orange common
to the foreign consumer, as .it has never been made
by the* orchards of Italy and of Spain. '"':'
But Tulare does not carry all her eggs in one bas
ket. The, San Francisco merchants will .see there
prune orchards that have a record "of half ; a ton : of
fruit per tree, the finest ¦ nectarines ,in the , world,
peaches andpears, ."figs more luscious ; than : the
Greeks feed on, 1 dairies that produce butter that is,
scented by.- the r ambrosial forage browsed by : the
cows, ' and cheese that is ' pressed cream. jThey will
seeithe headed grain billowing in the wind, and high
above it all the majestic mountains wearing an im
perial crown. of snow, with their cheeks; bearded by,
the forest of big "trees that shade , the trickling;
streams/ whose; falls and. cascades sing a song of
plenty 'and of. peace % ; '
It r . will do the business men of (this , city good to
look at Tulare County ,.- : for ' it ' is good-looking' and
good; to . look "at, and they : Will ' come back with a
larger and; better idea of the^greatness of California
i arid remembering , the : beauties of Tulare as a lover
I remembers the,dimples'ofhis:sweeth£art.
nr?HE business men of this city, will make a •tour
I ¦ nekt Friday to Tulare County. Ttfat county
•*- was the, former center of the San Joaquin'Val
ley . stock-raising ' industry. There lived the cattle
king, Senator Fowler, who was so long a power in
the valley and led the "no fence*' fight in the days
when good men believed that the only use of the
land was for. raising cattle and' sheep.
Then Visalia was a sort of cowboy, capital. The
•vaquero ' was.' the great . figure ' there and the rodeo
was a regular annual festival. But that period has
passed like a watch in the night. It is preserved
only in the "Visalia saddle," a form of that horse,
equipment which originated there and remains :to
this day the' best mount for its purpose that was ever
developed. , \ ..../¦ ' ,
In the past few weeks the Big Basin
Park Commissioners have made some
progress. An opinion has been secured
from the Attorney General of the State
in "which the power of the commission to
hypothecate the .entire appropriation for
the purchase 'of park lands was- affirmed.
The. owners of 'lands in the Big Basin
have ; about ¦ concluded that there is no
great thing for them In the price that the
S|ate will pay for their holdings. Various
concessions have been made by them to
the commission and the tract that may be
finally accepted will -probably embrace
nearer. 3500 than 2500 acres. The original
proposition -of the lumber men was to
absorb 1 the entire appropriation of $250,000
for 2500 acres, or just one-half the size of
the tract that the Legislature was assured
by the Sempervirens Club was the lowest
limit acceptable for park uses.
when they willbe. The Governor has no
power to put the park project through
without the co-operation of his associates
in the Big Basin Park Commission and
they are inclined to go slowly, as past
events have abundantly demonstrated
Consequently any .promise - that Gage
would hasten the de'al for the park was a
Case of false pretenses, pure and simple?.
TULARE- ORANGES.
The center of conflict in the Philippine war seems
to have crossed thousands of miles from the.-Pacific
islands to Washington, where, the thunder of the
Senatorial jaw artillery disturbs the dignified peace
of the capitaL The only casualty thus far reported is
the English language.
• It is said there is- no probability of a decline in
the price of beef this summer, so the average citizen
might as well look forward to living for the next
three months on strawberries' and cream.- '
SOME ANSWERS
TO QUERIES BY
CALL READERS
The carnival will ejnd with a ball In the
pavilion at the park in the evening. T'-j
grand march wfll be led by King Marshall
and Queen Helen.
all of whom wil be clad In white and pink, j
Subsequent to the floral parade eighteen
little fairies will give a delightful May«
pole dance. . * ;'•- ?
.¦¦ ¦ :-",-:-; ' . ¦
THREE CLEVER KITTLE RESIDENTS OF THE CITY OF ROSES WHO
WILL TAKE LEADING PARTS IN THE COMING FLORAL FETE AND
. , ITS CONCOMITANT HOMAGE TO MIMIC ROYALTY.
TRICKS OF GAGE
MEN IN THE SAN
JOSE CAMPAIGN
.The. youthful n king- and 'queen are row
being drilled in their roles. The former
is the little son of Mr. and Mrs. Blitz W.
Paxton of this city, and is a bright-eyed
chap of 6 years. The queen who will rule
with him is Miss Helen Geary, the petite
daughter of ex-Congressman and Mrs.
Thomas J. Geary. The selection of these
little tots has met with the approval of
all Santa Rosans. The king-elect is ..-a
precocious lad, and the little queen is one
of the prettiest children . of Sonoma's
capital. They will be drawn In a hand
somely, decorated equipage, and will be
received with civic pomp. The royal
robes of king and queen are to be of
white satin and silver, ' and . the attend
ants will be garbed in rose-colored rai
ment. Among the maids- ofr honor ¦ se
lected are twenty charming little girls,
and twenty-four tiny maidens in rosy
gauze will constitute a court of honor, to
the monarchs. In addition there will be
many pages and pretty court costumes,
and the effect v/111 be -one of. pleasing
beauty. .
SANTA ROSA, May 20.— The jrive
nile floral carnival in this city on
Saturday, May 31, bids fair to be
one of the most elaborate flower
fetes ever witnessed in the north
ern, section of California. The affair is
under the auspices of the Women's Im
provement- Club '¦¦ cf this city, and com
mittees from' that organization havts the
details well 'In band. Grace Brothers'
Park will be the scene 'of the festivities.
The feature of the measure we have just pointed
out is but one of its many evils. Were it the only
one, however, it would be enough to condemn tf.
The average duration of human life is but thirty-five
years, so that the average man has but fourteen
years of life as a voter. It will be seen that should
this amendment be carried the average, voter would
have but a slim chance of ever getting a vote in the
selection of the three men who are to control the
commission and virtually dominate the common
wealth so far as its dealings with corporations are
concerned. In fact, the amendment is .all for the
commission. - The voters are not in it
It is to be borne in mind that the amendment was
carried through both branches of the Legislature by
trick and deceit worked out in secrecy. The same
tactics are to be employed in the effort to get it
adopted by the people. The bosses who are working
for the amendment do not discuss it. They make no
attempt to defend it They do not so much as- at
tempt to excuse it. Their programme of action is
to keep silent and avoid arousing the public. It is
therefore the duty of the press to keep the issue
clearly before the people.
successors of those men to continue their power for
sixteen years, or possibly for twenty years. Short
of a demand for absolute power the corporations
could hardly ask for more than what Gage's amend
ment scheme purposes to give them.
Those three Commissioners will form a majority
of the board, and by combining they can govern it.
Their act will be the actlof the commission. Gage
can put those men in power, one for six, one for
eight and one for ten years. It will be a cinch for
the corporations. They will have only to bring
about by intrigue of corruption the election of the
Commissioner for ten years; when that term is over
his successor will be elected for. ten years; thus in
that district the people will have a chance to elect
a Commissioner just once in twenty years. For the
Commissioner . from the district represented by
Gage's appointee for eight years, the people will
have but one vote in eighteen years. For the Com
missioner for the six-year term the people will have
but one chance to vote in sixteen years.
After the terms of the first appointees are ended
each succeeding Commissioner is to hold office for
ten years. We have this prospect for the
\-oters: From one district Gage will appoint a
It is provided that: "The members of the com
mission in the first instance shall be appointed by
the Governor, one from each district, and the Gov
ernor shall designate one thereof to hold office for
two years, one for four years,' one for six years, one
for eight years and one for ten years; and in mak
ing such appointments the Governor shall not ap
point more than three Commissioners from any one
political party." As it is further provided "that the
act of the majority of the Commissioners shall be
deemed to be and shall be the act of the commis
sion," it will be seen that the Governor can appoint
three -men chosen not merely, from his own party,
but from his own faction, who will control the com
mission for at least six years.
If the amendment be adopted the term of the
Commissioners will begin on the first Monday after
the first day of January succeeding the election, and
consequently Gage will have the power of. appoint
ing them.
GAGE'S scheme for setting the corporations of
the State above the people through the me
dium of Assembly constitutional amendment
No. 28 is worth studying in detail. It has wheels
within wheels and each wheel is a buzzsaw for the
people. Should it be adopted the voters of the
State would be put out of business so far as " the
regulation of corporations is ¦ concerned, for they
would have little or nothing to do in the selections
of the Commissioners provided for by the amend
ment, who are to have exclusive jurisdiction and
power over all the relations of the corporations to
the people.
SLIM CHANCES- FOR VOTERS.
The subject is interesting as an illustration of the
rapidity with which the movement toward -the con
solidation of corporate interests is going on. It has
long been' a foregone conclusion that the steam rail
ways of the country will eventually co-operate in
stead of competing with one another, - and now it
seems that in thickly' settled localities street railways
will- be consolidated with the steam, lines. Broadly
speaking the issue. is one of concern to the whole
country/ and. the Massachusetts experiment will be
watched with close attention by all who are inter
ested in railway developments. V . :
It appears the .steam railways of Massachusetts
have for a long time ignored the rapid development
of the electric lines, but can no longer afford to do
so. -In some cases their local traffic has been almost
taken away from them. The bill now under consid
eration would give them the privilege of •buying up
the competing. lines and making use of them as
feeders for the steam roads. It is believed the service
on both kinds of 'roads' would: be. improved by" the
combination and the "public convenience benefited.
As an outcome of the .competition there is now
before the Massachusetts Legislature a bill providing
that "a railroad corporation may, subject to the ap
proval of the Board 1 of Railroad Commissioners,
subscribe for, purchase, own, invest in and. hold any
shares of the capital stock of any, street railway
company, and may vote on all shares of stock so sub
scribed for, purchased, "owned, invested- in or held
by it." . .
Commenting upon. fhe -bill the Boston Transcript
says its passage "would 'settle, the question whether
or not; the street railways of the commonwealth are
to be developed into a system of rapid-service, long
distance lines, with their smaller lines acting as feed
ers of their trunk lines, or whether the street rail
ways shall become feeders of the steam railroads, fol
lowing the policy which has been pursued in Con
necticut"! . : ; ; , . ¦¦.•'. ...
To the people of California, such, questions at this
time are not , practical. It • is still a long time be
fore we are to have any serious problem of that kind
to solve. ' To New England,- however,, they; are very
practical questions indeed. In that thickly settled
section of the country . electric suburban lines have
already become strong rivals to the steam roads," and
in some respects they even threaten to supplant them.
>->HALL the railroads of the future be operated
by steam or by electricity? Will the competition
between electric lines and steam lines end in
the domination of. city and suburban railways by the
great companies controlling the steam roads, or will
the electric lines develop into formidable - ; com
petitors with the steam lines even in long distance
hauling? • . • , \' ¦
STEAM OR ELECTRICITY.
One of the encouraging features of the times in
local affairs.is the fact that most of the members of
our footpad fraternity who are caught are pleading
guilty. Our Judges should keep up their excellent
work of giving the rascals all they deserve. ¦ .
In these days when the rights of the strong are
vaunted as the only rights of the world it is a stirring
spectacle to see a physically -weak people,' few in
numbers, strong only in purpose and great in their
love of self-government, take their- place among the
nations with a sovereignty that is the equal in dig
nity of the oldest and proudest of the nations of the
earth. Americans who comprehend clearly the mis
sion of their own country rejoice with a great joy as
their own flag is furled over Morro Castle and' the
bright banner of a new republic takes its place.
They have neither hatred nor gratitude to express
toward Spain, but exulted in their own enfranchise
ment. Though Wfe are distant from the scene of
their emergence into liberty, -the American pulse
quickens in contemplating it. The- church bells
tolled a requiem for all the patriots who perished in
the long combat against power and oppression.
Marti and Garcia were not forgotten, and. they and
all. the dead were blessed by the prayers of patriots.
The free people marched to the fortress Cabanas and
stood upon the spot Where patriot prisoners had been
manacled and shot, and where the daily slaughter had
reddened the ground with the blood of men and
boys whose crime was love of country. They were
a nameless host of martyrs. They died in despair.
Their last look was upon a land where power knew
no mercy and the greatest crime was patriotism.
Forlorn and friendless they perished. But their
grateful countrymen, exulting in the liberty of
which their v blood Was the chrism, did . not forget
them, and the place of the death was crowned with
flowers and hallowed by grateful tears.
The Cuban people have been reared and schooled
in that subserviency to a dynasty and to a regal au
thority which assumed to permit them to live and
imperfectly enjoy that which proceeded from their
own toil and strength. It is high evidence of their
spirit and of the force of our near-by example that
they cast off this spirit of dependence and submis
sion and look themselves in the face as the owners
of the island and the source of all that it has been
made to bear and to be.
A San Francisco gentleman who recently spent
some time abroad was one day riding in one of the
fine parks in Vienna. The driver was evidently im
pressed by the American's admiration of the beauti
ful grounds,. and said to him: "It is very kind of the
Emperor to permit his people to enjoy this park.
He is very good to his people." I'he answer was a
clear-cut American expression to the effect that the
people were very kind to the Emperor, because they
permitted him to live in splendor in a palace which
they provided and to pretend ownership of their
parks and places, which he could. not create- nor care
for. ¦ ¦ ' • '¦ ' .' ' •" .
Patriotism is the cementing principle of all repub
lics. It is that love of country which has no relation
to parties, nor dynasties, but regards them as pass
ing and impermanent things, while the land' arid the
people whom' it nourishes from generation to genera
tion are the objects of popular love and solicitude. "
The new republic begins . with an effusion of
patriotic feeling worthy of the people who know the
cost of liberty and the watchfulness that must main
tain it. -The honor paid to the patriot dead, to those
who long ago were martyred in what seemed a vain
struggle, and to the living 'who staked a all 'that men
have to give, for freedom, is a most wholesome evi
dence of a patriotic spirit that will endure and grow
stronger with time.
IT" is a source of gratification to all Americans and
to all lovers of liberty throughout the world that
Cuba has at last taken her place among -the na
tions. In this country it is a subject that will al
ways be remembered with pride, because of thehigh
part taken in this great event by our own Govern
ment and people. Without that Cuba would to-day
be a gasping victim impaled upon a spear. We may
well forget some errors* in policy, and some expres
sions of. selfishness that have appeared among* our
selves which seemed^ to indicate. ulterior motives at
war with our expressed purpose when we intervened
between Spain and the island. , <
wealth of roses shown. ~?-v'- r
Master "Weston Anderson, the little son
otDr. and Mrs. David P. Anderson, has
been chosen as grand marshal. He will
be mounted on his gayly caparisoned pony
and lead his royal rulers over their tri
umphal march.
Master George Proctor, son of Mr. and
Mrs. Thomas A. Proctor, will act as drum
major. He will have in charge a large
drum corps and a corps of trumpeters,
PRETTY FEATURES ARE PLANNED
FOR THE JUVENILE FLORAL FETE
Such are the impressions gathered; by a _ British
correspondent on the spot. His views/however,
may be colored by. a' desire for peace. It is by no
means certain the Boers are so eager to end the war
as '.he ;\ supposes.,' It is to be., noted, that Lord
Wolseley, who recently arrived home from ' South
Africa, is quoted as saying: "The majority of_,-the k
people in South Africa— that is, the non-combatants
—are desirous of seeing the war ended. / I do not be
lieve the Boers will ag-ee to terms' unless their; aims
are accomplished."; ; , •/. •
quered will not f eel' humiliated and 'will more readily
accept the empire.' • Kitchener, acting -for. the Gov
.ernment, is reported to have offered. the Boers home
rule after a period; of royal pardon
for all rebels; 'appointment: of three Boers as mem
bers of the South ; African '-'Council, £10,000,000 : in
demnity for destruction Of towns and farmhouses,
revocation of the decree concerning the confiscation
of Boer property and a return of the war prisoners.
WEDNESDAY... ......MAY ay 1902
JOHN 'D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
Hint* An C«cin«iie«Uoni to W. B. UAEE, *"*«"•_
TELEPHONE.
Ask for THE CAUL. Xhs Operator Will Conaitct
You With tie Department Yon Wish.
rCBLJCATIOX OFFICE... Market and Third, 9. V.
pnimRiAt. BOOHS..... 217 to 221 Ste-renson St.
delivered fcy Carrier*. 15 CmK« Per Weelt.
Blna-le Copies. B Outs.
Trrmx by Mall. Inclndlnic Poctncet
OAXX.T CALX* <1dc1u<S1de Sunday), one y«r ....$8.00
DAZLY CALL <lficiu31sr Sunday), t months.............. f.M
DAXLT CALX* (including Bunds?). » months 1.80
DAILT CAiir— By Single McnUx. .......... * 65o
SCXS-IT C*T.T. One Tear 1.50
WEEKLT CAT.U On* Tear . 1.00
All ywtBWften are ¦nthorUeil to reeel-ro
mbicrfptloBa. .
flsmBto ecple» -will be forwarded wfcea nquwtod.
Itafl - aahaezlberB In ordering chase* of address should b«
pkftftBBltf t» rrr» both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS la order
to Insure a prompt and correct ccmplUaca with their request.
PAJcLLAJKD OFFICE . 1118 Broadway
C GEOIIGE KnOGSESS.
ffttiftr Tweigs Atvtrtiti&g, Xartxtitt* BsDJStir, CUngt.
. CUons Distance Telephone ••Central 2619.")
HfcW TORK CORRESPONDENT: f\': :
C a CABXrTOIf Herald Square
KEW TORS REPRESENTATIVE:
BTEJT3CEW B. SHITU 3O Tribune Building
KETW TORK NEWS STANDS:
• Wsldarf-Astorla Hotel; A. Brentano. 31 Union Sonare;
ICsrray H3U HoteL > ¦ »si ,
IWASHDfGTOK CD. C.) OFFICE . . . .1406 G St., X. W.
\ MORTOIf E. CRASE, Correspondent.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Eben&sa Hoase; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
»emoot Bocae; Auditorium HoteL
fcRAUCH OFTTCE5— C2T Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
ontll »:«0 o'clock. 800 Hayes, open nntQ » -.30 o'clock. 633
Mr A Hint er. open until 9:30 o'clock. 815 TVrV«n. open until
ij 1:80 o'clock. 1W1 Mission, open ontU 10 o'clock. 2261
Kartcet. corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1098.Va
lencia, open until 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9
o'clock. KW. comer Twenty-second ana Kentucky, open
tic til 9 o'clock. 2200 Flllmor*. open until 9 p. m.
CUBALIBRB.V
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL V WEDNESDAY^, MA Y 21, 1?Q2
6
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend'3.»
¦ — ' ' ? *, — ' *
Prunes stuffed with apricots. Townsend's.*
r, .-¦ .'• '-r^ » ? ¦ — ; — r'
Note 81 4th (front barber and grocery),
gen, eyeglasses, specs, 10c to 40c, 9 to 5. •
Special information - supplied daily to
business houses -and "public men by the
Pi ess Clipping Bureau, 230 Cali-
fornia, street. Telephone Ma^n 1042. •
. — ' "i \ '¦ • ¦ — —— ' ¦
California glace fruit, 50c a
pound, in' fire-etched boxes or Jap. bask-
ets A nice present for Eastern friends.
639; Market St., Palace Hotel building. •
¦ '•— — — * * ' ~ — " — " ' '
; It's Always Time '. :-.;
"To get one of our clocks— the. quaint gold-
en ones that every one wants.* Also gold
candlesticks, candelabra - and jewelry I
i cases:, make : fine:' wedding . presents 'and j
prizes for card parties. • Sanborn, Vail & r
Co.; 741 Market street. ¦ * .
¦ ¦¦-'•'¦' /'' .•¦¦—: 1 ".. ¦ '? «'. _ ,'/'' '''¦'.•.'¦¦¦'¦• '-.
r Married constables of the London police
force receive forty pounds of coal a week
all the year-round.
p Pi Going to Thunder Mountain -PP'V
\ The Northern ; Pacific Railway -Is- the best,' 1
cheapest 'and ; quickest route.";*' From Lewiston
and Stites, Idaho, there; are good wagon roads
to. either? Warrens; or Dixie, .from which' points
the trails Into this district -are 'most accessible.
For '; rates. '; etc.. ) address " T. K. STATELER •
G.'Ar,,64T, Market st.r S.F. ¦ •
( .:,, '•¦.;-:.v, ' ,_.",. . .*„? ¦ ' : ¦ . .
•i One ibottleVof^ Burnett's i; ; Van(lla Extract; l»
better than 'three" of doubtful kind.'' .Though coat-,
ing a few cents mone per bottle. Its purity ana
treat strength make it most economical brand.
' * / 'A ' ' f. - ', -
THE STYLE PILOTS.
''Pinet of Paris" and "Thomas of London"
set the pace in foot fashions.
''Shoes of Genius/- they create,— at $12,00
to $20*00 per pair* .
Within 30 days after origination, their exact
counterparts are on sale in 45 REGAL stores,
at $3.50 per pair* > 1
{/This gives you London or Paris styles,
sbg months ahead of other American stores*
./ • ; Style book reveals the method.
/ Sold only in 45 Fegal Stores from Atlantic to Pacific and London.
; ; !SAN FRANQSCO STORB
.S. V.Corner. Stockton. and. Geary Strsela
TO SDBSCBIBm LEAYIBG T01H FOR THE SUMMER
Call subscriber* contemplating; n change ol
residence during the sn miner months can bar*
their paper forwarded by mall to their new
«4drct»ei by notifying Tlte Call Business Office.
Tkli yaper will also be oa sale at all summer
rcioru and Is represented ay a local ageat la
«U tewai on the coast.v INSOLVENT MERCHANT.— Joseph Levin, a
merchant* of this city, I filed a*-, petition ;-i in in
solvency ; yesterday: in 'the- United' States Dla-"
trict • Court.'c He owes $2593 37;' no. assets. : '
The Ladies' «: Auxiliary of the" Mission
Branch "Toung \ Men's .Christian Associa
tion is conducting a rummage sale for the
benefit" of "the' association Jat ,372 Fifth
street. All parties; in sympathy : with the
¦work /who have . goods to ..spare, which
might' be disposed of at* the sale' are re
quested to 1 ' notify 'Mission Ex
gress, 2325 Mission street, and goods will
e called for. ..-¦ :: > ' r ' . ;
Rummage Sale s f or* Cliarity.
The case of Harry Westwood Cooper,
alias Ernest Moore Chadwick, charged
with perjury, was called in Judge Cook's
court yesterday and the trial was set for
Friday. The alleged perjury was com
mitted during the defendant's trial . for
forgery in Judge Lawlor's court several
months ago. . . .
Cooper Comes to Light Again.
On June 17 the following examinations
will be held in San Francisco and other
cities: Photographic assistant, "male, at
the Smithsonian Institution, salary $70 per
month, age limit 20 years or over; assist
ant examiner, patent office, $1200 per an
num. Persons who desire to compete
should apply to the United States Civil
Service Commission. Washington, D. C,
or the secretary of the local board of ex
aminers, postoffice, for application forms
304 and 37o, which should be filed with the
commission at Washington.
Civil Service Examinations.
Is recommended by ..more physicians as a
tonic for the entire system than any other
malt preparation. It Is prepared by the
Anheuser-Busch Brewing Ass'n, which
guarantees its merit. '\ •
Malt-lTutrine
George H. Wilhelm, as administrator of
the estate of John W. Hummel, has
brought suit to recover interest due on
bonds of the Central California Gold Min
ing Company. The suit is brought against
the Tuba River Mining and Power Com
pany and the Sinker Gold Mining Com
pany as successors to the California Gold
Mining Company. The interest amounts
to $1123 50. - f ¦
Sues for Interest on Bonds.
Don't Hiss This.
Men's all-wool suits, 'worth 512, for $4.65,
to make room for the clothing stock that
has arrived here from Chicago and will
be sold by the Boston Clothing Co., 773
Market street, near Fourth. . *
Special Dispatch to The CalL
FOLSOM, May 20.— The investigation
into the conduct of the Folsom Prison on
May 24 Is awaited with much interest by
the citizens of Folsom and the attaches of
the institution. Convict Raymond, WaB
den Wilkinson's secretary, is charged by
the officials with watching their move
ments and reporting them to the Warden.
Guards, as well as prisoners, are out
spoken regarding the food served them in
the prison. The' former claim, that they
have to come to Folsom to get a "square
meal," and some procure their own sup
plies and cook them In their rooms. | j
Former Guard Cann makes a serious
allegation against Warden Wilkinson.
Cann says the Warden disliked Convict
Olden, who had charge of the dairy sup
plies. Cann says Wilkinson told hint that
there was three' pounds of opium in the
safe and ordered him to sell it to Olden.
Wilkinson, . Cann alleges, explained that
he would have an officer hold up Olden
and find the opium upon his person, and
the board of directors would then remove
Olden's credits, forcing him to serve hi*
full sentence. Cann- is a resident of Fol-
Bom. He declares he will substantiate his
statements with other witnesses if the,
board of directors request his presence at
the investigation. ' i,
During the investigation, it 13 said. Con
vict Brock Smith will be brought before
the board to show the effects of the iiv
human strait-jacket, a mode of ounisti
ment instituted by Warden Wilkinson:
Smith -is alleged to have been laced until
he could hardly breathe and left unon the
floor of a cell for eighteen hours. Prior to
this punishment he was considered one of
the strongest men in the prison; now, it la
said, he is a physical wreck.
Many of the prison employes have mail
boxes in Folsom, giving as a reason that
convicts have been detected handling their
letters. r'-
Big Harness Sale.
$9 00 will buy a good buggy harness. 10
?^w c £ nt^r off Wednesday and Saturday.
wStL SSSSt&SS Larkln 8tre . et '
Emery E.Kirkwood was declared legal
ly elected to the.: office of Sheriff of Mono
County by the court yesterday. Maurice
P. Hayes, the opposing candidate, con
tended that the election in one precinct
¦was held in another place than that se-
LOSES .SUIT FOR OFFICE.
-,The claims of the members of the board
were assigned to Catesby -C Thom, who
in&tituted suit to recover the amount of
their several salaries. A. demurrer wa3
interposed . by the defense on the ground
that the complaint did not state facts suf
ficient to constitute cause of action. The
lower court sustained the demurrer and
Thom appealed. to the Supreme Court, re
fusing to amend the complaint.
The attorneys for the county contended
in'answer to the appeal that the law was
illegal in that its provisions conflicted
with those of a section of the constitu
tion wheh names county officers in re
spect to whose emoluments the Legisla
ture may have supervision. It was
claimed that the members of Boards of
Education were not county officers. "
The Supreme Court maintains that there
Is no necessity for passing upon the con
stitutionality of the law in the present
instance. In reference to the appeal It is
decided that* the complaint stated facts
sufficient to constitute cause of action
and the lower court is accordingly di
rected to overrule the demurrer and pro
ceed with the case. •
The Supreme (Court decided yesterday
that the. officials of Los Angeles County
had no right to refuse to pay members of
the County Board of Education the sal^
ary prescribed by. the Legislature. The
settlement of this dispute affects the
other counties of the State. The law di
rects that in counties of. the class of Los
Angeles the members of the Boards of
Education shall receive $5 for each day of
service. Such payment was refused in
the case at bar on the ground that the
law is unconstitutional.
Clara Johnson and Mary, Henzi, who
run a shooting gallery at oi3 Pine street,'
refused to pay their fare on a Post and
Leavenworth street car yesterdav so Con
ductor Sullivan endeavored to eject them
at Turk and Leavenworth streets. The
women raised such a disturbance that
they attracted the attention of Policeman
C. M. Barnes of the Mission station, who
was near by in citizens' clothes. He placed
the disturbers under arrest and at once
incurred their wrath. Each took a turn
at biting his arm. They were finally
lodged in Jail and charged with disturbing
the peace and battery on a policeman
Barnes' arm was dressed by Dr Armi
stead at the Emergency Hospital •
Bite Policeman *s Arm.
Oann Wants to Testify
During the Folsom
CounlyEducationBoards
Gain Important
Point.
FORMER GUARD
ACCUSES WARDEN
SALARIES HANG
IN THE BALANCE
Robert Mills and wife were upheld in
their contentions against J. R. Patterson
in the matter of certain water rights on
land adjacent to Shasta River.
Th^ order of the lower court granting
Catherine I. Tracey's petition to termin
ate the. life estate of Bridget de Campos
was reversed yesterday by the Supreme
Court. The property involved is two
building lota on Lewis street in this city.
A. H. Carpenter, convicted of suborna
tion of perjury in a Stockton petty lar
ceny case and sentenced to five years*
imprisonment at San Quentln, was grant
ed a new trial because of technical errors
of the lower court.
REVERSAL IN TRACEY CASE.
Clara A. Harris 'of Stockton failed to
recover the property which she had deed
ed to her supposed husband. She was
married to Harris in.-lS73.-and thereafter
conveyed to him /certain mining interests.
He" managed his new-found fortune well,
and when he died in 1898 was worth a
great deal of money. It then transpired
that hG had married in Georgia in 1849.
and that his wife and a son were still
living. They ¦ were declared to be hla
heirs. Inasmuch as Harri3 had forgotten
to mention this fact at the time he se
cured the mines, in dispute, the supposed
wife claimed .that she had been cheated.
The court holds that she was never legal
ly married to Harris and that the Georgia
family is the legal owner of fhe property.
lected by the Board of Supervisors of the
county. "Todkill's store" was the place
named. It happened that TodkiU had two
stores on the same lot. The election was
held In the wrong one, according to
Hayes. The lower court was sustained in
Its decision that the proper building was
used.'
Mains tried to I make it appear that
Gifford owed him for the -board of.Gif
foTd's mother", but Gifford swore that lie
had paid regularly and that Mains owed
him money. The trial will be resumed
this morning.
On cross-examination by the defendant
Gifford said that he had not been prom
ised any reward or immunity from pun
ishment for appearing against Mains, and
did not know that at the close of the
Mains; trial the proceedings against him
self would be dismissed. Attorney Ban
ning had told him, he said, that the prose
cutidn believed that Gifford had been
more sinned against than ginning and that
Mains .was the chief culprit in the at
tempt to bunko Dr. Bennett out of $3000.
In the afternoon a batch of cashiers,
bank managers and bank clerks testified
that the syndicates mentioned in the in
dictment were unknown to them and had
no money on deposit In their banks in
this city. Neither had Mains nor Gifford
nor Marcus Rosenthal, and , they never
had. . \
-. Walter Scott Gifford, actuary of the
Combined Bankers, Paris Investors, Con
solidated Roads, the "United Capitalists' of
London, Stock and Bond-Brokers, Oil In
vestors,* American and European Capital
ists' Syndicate, the American and London
Safe Deposit and Surety Investment Com
pany and Standard Rothchild Oil Com
pany, occupied the witness-stand for the
most part of yesterday's session of the
United States District Court. He told
how, while earning -a salary of ?60 per
month from the Southern Pacific Com
pany in Monterey County, he had become
.the actuary, of the above-mentioned or
ganizations, representing a combined cap
ital of four. billion dollars on paper at the
request of, Charles R. Mains. He said
that Mains sent down to Monterey a copy
of articles of Incorporation of two of the
organizations and requested that he
should copy the articles on the type
writer and forward the typewritten mat
ter with Gifford' s signature as actuary
and Maine' signature to Prescott, Ariz.,
to be recorded. Station Agent Berry
worked the typewriter while Gifford dic
tated. He did not know anything con
cerning the organizations mentioned, but
had the utmost confidence In Mains and
did as- he directed. Several hundred certi
ficates of capital stock also were signed
by Gifford as actuary, but. he did not
pay any attention to the contents of the
papers he signed.
-. Resolved,' That; the secretary rof "this" club
be : instructed and directed to . send a copy of
these resolutions' to ¦ the officers -of the Good
Governments League at San /Jose.' CaL,-/ and a
copy of ¦; the same to his Honor,,, Eugene <E.
Schmitz, . Mayor . of San Francisco." , ," ¦;
Resolved, That we heartily commend the ac
tion* of Eugene E. Schmitr, , bur w honorable
Mayor, tin the stand he has taken! to assist the
Good . Government League : in ", their ; honest ef
forts to - destroy the '¦ political gang that has
sought; to dominate? the grand old Republican
party : for,- their own selfish" ends. /And be.it
further- ¦"•.- ¦ "'" "-"-"¦ ''--" ¦'• -' " . '. '¦ :'
Resolved, That we congratulate', the ¦ Good
Government League and the ' good " people ; of
San Jose on their strenuous and successful ef
forts : to destroy the malign and deadly influ
ences of the machine politicians in Santa Clara
County. And -be it further . r ¦ ; • ,
Resolved, That this club I notes ( with great
satisfaction the crushing defeat at San Jcse
of- the corrupt bosses and all their servile and
infamous henchmen; and this .club trusts : that
in > the interest of good government the same
glorious I victory may be attained at our; next
primary election in San Francisco. And be it
further-'!/ " ¦''-¦¦¦ ¦ji-V: ¦: ¦ -';¦;-¦.••-
At, a regular meeting of the Roosevelt
Republican Club of the Forty-second As
sembly District, held last evening, Presi
dent George B. Wells in the chair and'E.
G. Knapp secretary, the following resolu
tions were unanimously adopted: ;
FORTY-SECOND DISTRICT.
WRECK OF THE MACHINE.
s The talk that George A. Knight will
become the. residuary legatee; of Gage's
political fortune is at least premature.
Knight is known to be next, to Gage. On
the original boss programme -the ex
orator wasV slated for chairman of the
convention, but the programme was made
before the people began to acclaim • Lieu
tenant Governor Neff chairman. Mayor,
Schmitz remarks that the Hon. Jacob H.
Neff is a grand pioneer, a' noble man, and
should be chosen, to preside over the
State There are predictions
that the noble pioneer may be called on
to preside over the entire State. The race
for Governor is wide open for. all as
pirants. The wreck of the boss machine
in San Jose' adds" to the strength of
Colenel E. F. Preston, Mayor Schmitz, E.
B. Edson, Dr. Pardee, < Thomas Flint,
Frank H. Short and W. M. Cutter. Veter
ans belonging to the Grand Army talk of
putting forward Adjutant General Stone.
The Democrats are quiet. "When the in
dications pointed to Gage's renomination
there was great activity in the Democrat
ic camp.. A dozen aspirants for the first
place on the State ticket were' clamoring
for recognition. The universal, impression
that anybody could beat Gage accounted
for the desire to run against him. As re
cent events signify that Gage's candidacy
i3 obsolete the statesmen of the Demo
cratic faith are not eo anxious to lead
their. party in the coming campaign. As
a last ; resort the Democrats could fall
back on Tom Geary, the Hearst candidate
for Governor. ;. ¦ : , ."
Wherever a town is big enough to have labor
unions Mayor 1 Schmitz has the influence.
Schmitz is ; the cause of Johnny's defeat. The
same thing will happen in Sacramento.' .--/,.•
It is common political gossip that
Burns and Billy Herrin will soon haul off
Gage. The coming ex-Governor -is known
to be- a rampant kicker and bucker when
the programme is not to his liking, but
the old-time political experts in the boss
camp Eay that he can be cured of his
kicking spells. '. • •) ,-
Major • McLaughlin was somev.hat
amused yesterday when Eddie Conroy
gave him this greeting: "I congratulate
you, major, on your telegram - to the
Hayes-vbrothers over the result of the
San Jose election.". -It -now transpires
that -Major McLaughlin was In close
touch with the San Jose Good Govern
ment leaders for some weeks prior. to the
election. . . ,,~ -,['/':. •' ,
The stragglers of. thvfour hundred that
v/ent down to San- Jose to help Gags are
returning singly and in' groups. Last
night Jesse Marks, weary and demoral
ized, showed up at his saloon on Market
street. He was somewhat dazed, like the
soldiers of Napoleon in the retreat from
Moscow. The ex-boss of- the Fortieth
Assembly ;. District ascribes Mackenzie'*
undoing to Mayor Schmitz. A remark of
Jesse Marks is this: . : .: .
RETBEAT FROM SAN JOSE.
Goldberg was formerly on the Yosemite
Valley Commission, and while- the great
dome is not a monument to his ottlcial
integrity, the fact that it is still there,
unshaven, Is cited as proof that he does
not shave everything in sight. In a'spir
ited contest last August for th.e honor of
representing the Republicans of his dis
trict in a local nominating convention
Goldberg was defeated. There is a fine
field in Napa County, for the display of
his political dexterity. When'he get3 to
the asylum and meets Dr. f Hennessy
there will be two Gage men in ¦ the
county. • - , - 0
Max Goldberg is appointed trustee of the
Napa Asylum for the" Insane, vice E. E.
Washburn of the clerical department of
the Supreme Court. Max has not had
much "recognition" of late years apart
from that which The Call generously be
stowed upon him when he acted as/ go
between for ex-Auditor Asa R. Wells and
W. F. Herrin, ex-attorney of the Market
street Railway. It will be recalled that
Wells did some prancing about because B.
P. Flint was not put on the push slate
for Supervisor. Wells one night In the
Pleasanton Hotel became so indignant
over the turning down of Flint that he
threatened to come off the ticket as can
didate for Mayor. The threat so alarmed
Max Goldberg that the latter posted in
hot haste to see Billy Herrin. In the
midst of the excitement Max lost his
presence of mind and rang up for a car
riage to convey him to Herrin s residence.
The Call, in accordance ' with its usual
custom of foreshadowing Gage's* im
portant appointments, mentioned .~\ last
week that Emerson had been slated
for Parker's- old - place. The in
telligence was also imparted that
Emerson had been recommended to
the unfortunate executive by J. C. Bull, a
former political boss of Humboldt County.
It is just possible that Gage and Bull
will shift the cut^and provide for Emer
son in some other pasture. Tt.e Governor
roared when The Call gave the news that
Mackenzie had been slated for Harbor
Commissioner. His Excellency even talk
ed of turning down Johnny, but Burns
would not listen to the suggesttbn. -
MAX GOLDBERG KECOGNIZED.~
For some reason best known to ;our
next ex-Governor the appointment .of
Thomas R. Emerson of Arcata to the po
sition of expert of the Board of State Ex
aminers, vice Walter F. X. Parker, re
signed, was not announced. , .¦ ,
Trustees of State Normal School at San
Francisco-r Vanderlynn" Stow, vice \V. G. John^
son, term expired. • • ¦ .
Trustees of the Napa State Hospital for the
Insane — W. V.. Stafford of Oakland,- vice J.
Lewis Martin of Oakland, term expired; Max
Goldberg' of San Francisco, vice E. E. Wash
burn, term expired. •¦•-. .
! State Library Trustees — Dri Thomas Flint of
San Juan, vice self, term expired ;• W. C. Van
Fleet of San Francisco, vice self, term expired;
A. B. Lemmon of Santa Rosa, vice self, term
expired; B. W. Lee of Los-Angeles, vice self,
term expired; Joseph Steffens of Sacramento,
vice Frank D. Ryan of Sacramento, term ex
pired.' ' •.'••¦. :, . . \ ;¦¦'.: -.V, -
Governor Gage, whose -departure from
the Palace Hotel on \ the day -of the San
Jose election caused much comment in the
boss camp, turned up in Sacramento yes
terday and aijnbunced the following ap
pointments: • • ./';* ¦:,
More Executive Appoint
ments for Library and f
Asylum Trustees.
Concerns Are Financial
Mytha
.¦¦*.'< ¦ - ¦ -¦ *
Bank Clerks Swear That the
Push Stragglers Return
Demoralized and .
y v Very
Tells How Mains Went
About Incorporating
' Syndicates.
GAGE'S RETREAT
FROM SAN JOSE
GIFFORD GIVES
HIS TESTIMONY
... -' . ¦ • ¦ \ - . ' -. ¦ ¦ - • ¦ ¦ .•¦:¦¦;¦; /
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 21, 11)02.
7
SMUGGLER HELD TO ANSWER. — T.
Kar.inckl. a member of the crew of th« steam
ehip Coptic, was held to answer yesterday by
United States Commissioner Hsacock to a
charge of smuggling a bolt of eilk. .
To-morrow morning- the great shoe sale
will commence. Those who have ¦waited
will be rewarded by getting, new goods,
latest fashions, marvelous values and
most astonishing shoe bargains. It was
impossible to get this great sale ready be
fore; everybody was working hard, but
now everything is ready for to-morrow'e
ehoe sale. 20.000 pairs of ladles' and men's
U shoes will be on sale for $2.15 a pair.
Preston B. Keith's Goodyear-welt shoea,
worth of any man's money $4. for $2.15.
Why not save almost $2 on a fine grade
shoe when the opportunity is to be had
to-morrow at the manufacturer's sale of
the Bee Hive Shoe Co., 717 Market street,
near Third? •
Patience Is a Virtue.
Piano Recital
BY THE
ANGELUS-PhNO PLAYER
ASSISTED BY
MARY CARPANEiO MEAD, Soprano,
AND THE
Victor Disc Talking Machine
At STEINWAY HALL,
(SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.), 223 SUTTER ST.,
SATURDAY. May 24th, at 3:15 p. m.
• . "': ; PROGRAMME — Part 1.
1 1. Sonata Pathetique, op. 13.... Beethoven
Grave, Allegro con Brio.
2 (a) Valse Caprice, op. 53. . .... . .Jos. Hofman
(b) Papillons in E Moriz Rosenthal
3. Song, "Answer" A. G. Robya
I Mary C.Mead.
4. Valse Brillante, in A flat Moszkowskl
INTERMISSION.
During the intermission several selections will
bo rendered by the Victor Disc Talking Ma-
chine, the most perfect tone reproducing ma-
chine extant.
PART 2.
6. FruhlingsrauBchen, op. 22, No. 38 ("Rustle
of Spring: 1 ') Sindlng
6. (a) Berceuse, op. 38, No. 1 Grieg
(b) Tltania, op. 110 S. Smith
7. Song, "Fond Heart, Farewell" Temple
Mary C. Mead.
8. La Gioconda (Danza Delle Orl)....PonchiellI
. STEINWAY PIANO USED.
All vocal selections are accompanied by the
Angelus.
ADMISSION FREE^ — but to prevent over-
crowding of the hall tickets should be procured
at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s Music Store, corner
of Kearny and Sutter streets. ¦ ¦
EVERYBODY LAUGHS , AT
The Brightest. Jewel in Comedy b Crown.
THE it;
BRIXTON
BURGLARY
Enacted by the Entire Alcazar Stock Company
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
FRICFS N'K ht - • - • • - 15 C 25c, 35c. 50c and 75c
mivLJ Matinee 15c, 25c, 35c and 50c
EXTRA MATINEE DECORATION DAY
FRIDAY. MAY 30. \
NEXT. "HI3 WIFE' S FATHER."
f*fil I IMS I A SA« FRANCISCO'S
%* U L U Rn M3 1& leading theatre
SECOND AND LAST WEEK.
MATINEE TC*-DAY
And AGAIN SATURDAY. ,
CHARLES FROHMAN Presents
JOHN DREW
And His Company in His Greatest Success,
THE SECOND IN COiuMAND
BjBobert Kanhtll. author of "A Royil Familr."
SEAT SALE BEGINS TO-MORROW.
KATHRYN KIDDER,
In an Elaborate - Revival of David' Garrick's
Immortal Comedy,
-** "THE COUNTRY GIRL." ¦'
First Performance NEXT MONDAY NIGHT.
Prices next Monday and thereafter $1,50 to 25c.
| FISCHER'S theate I
O'Farrell, bet. Stockton and Powell Sts. i
Telephone Main 231.
Celightfu!, Charming, Superb, Grand, Splen-
did, Admirable, Wonderful, Extraordinary.
AND SO DELICIOUSLY FUNNY.'
These are some of the adjectives indulged
In by every person who has witnessed the bur-
'^FIDDLE DEE DEE."
If you haven't seen it, now Is your time.
Kolb, Dill, Bernard, Blake, Hermsen, Amber,
Galllck, Hope, Emereon and our bunch of beau-
ties. Maynees, Saturday and Sunday,- 25c.
Night prices, 25c and 50c. '
THE CHUTES
Fulton Street and Tenth Avenue.
VAUDEVILLE EVERT AFTERNOON AND i
' EVENING.
BACON ¦ AND VANE : BYRNE AND I WEST;
'MAUDE AND GLADYS SORENSEN ; JACK
BYMONDS; P E T C H I N.G. BROTHERS;
GRANT AND GRANT, and NEW MOVING
PICTURES.^ ¦ ¦ ._ _• ;'v,\ /.; '/- ,. ;
A Host of Attractions on th3 Grounds.
• ' :; . TO-MORROW (THURSDAY) '. NIGHT. 7£ ¦ \
THE AMATEURS lU VFLOROD ORA' V
AdmtBslbn. : . . ...-• .10c Children. \i . . . .. ...
; Phone for Seats— Park 23. -
MATIKEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY. .
To-Night, Friday, Saturday and Sunday Nights;
EDWARD HARRIGAN
In His Successful Play,
"WADDY GOOGAN."
PRICES 10c. 15c, 25c, 50c, 75c
To-Morrow (Thursday) Night — Special Produc-
tion of
OLD LAUENDERi
For the KXIGHTS OF PYTHIAS.
Next "Week — Maude Fealy, in the Original
Version of "THE LJTTLE MINISTER."
MATINEE TO-DAY (Wednesday). May 2L
Parquet, any Beat, 25c ; Balcony. 10c; Chil-
dren, any part except reserved, • 10c.
VAUDEVILLE SURPRISES!
8 Picchiani Sisters; Midgley and
Carlisle; Lotta Gladstone; Little
Elsie; Dooley and Fowley; Lew
Sully; Mr. and Mrs. Kelcy; Kelly
and Kent, and last week of Miss
Chester's Statue Dog. -
EVENINGS AT 8 SHARP!
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 SHARP!
THIRD WEEK AND CROWDING THE
THEATER.
THE
SINGING GIRL
Coming — To Charm Everybody,
••THE TOY MAKER."
POPULAR PRICES ...25c. 50c and 75c
Telephone — Bush 9.-
RE LAS CO Amo TnALCSJ^^^
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY. .
Masnlflcent Production, of the Famous Melo-
drama.
Woman Against Woman
A Powerful Play — A Great Cast.
First Appearances Here the Brilliant Actress,
I Dircc E\-enings 10c to 5Oc
I nllLO Matinees 10c, 15c, 25c
Next Week "HANDS ACROSS THE' SEA."
MATINEE DECORATION DAY. May 30.
LAUGHTER FROM RISE TO FALL OF
CURTAIN.
ALL THIS WEEK — MATINEE SATURDAY.
MR. JAMES NE1LL
AND COMPANY
In Augustin Daly's Amusing Comedy. • ''
THE L01TERY LF LOVE;
: BARGAIN * TO- ••***••"¦• :
: MATINEE MORROW. :
: 23c and 50c.
Next— Sunday, May 25. Sol Smith Russell's
Greatest Comedy Success,
"A BACHELOR'S ROMANCE."
-¦ SEATS THURSDAY.
ROSEJHOW.
Eighteenth Exhibit of the
California
State Floral Society
in the
GRAND NAVE OF THE FERRY BUILDING.
San Francisco, •
THURSDAY. FRIDAY and SATURDAY. Mar
22. 23. 24.
10 a. m. to 10 p. m.
Music wUl be furnished every evening by
the Band from the U. S. S. PENSACOLA.
ADMISSION. 25c. -
I >•."! T0 GA |_ L SUBSCRIBERS ONLTi S"" # * I
I ©•©©©•©©©••••©©•©•••©©•••••©••••••©••••••••o© j
• -.:.' Every person contracting to take The Call for six (6) montb.3 can secure a $15.00 SET OP J
! "OUR ISLANDS AND THEIR PEOPLE"!
i F'oi; S&3.2O. i
O Books will be expressed t 0 subscribers upon receipt of $3.20. Expressage 'at subscriber's expense. 1
S \. Cannot be bought elsewh cr e for less than the regular subscription price of $15. <
q AN INVALUABLE AD D iti0N TO EVERY LIBRARY ! J
O AN ORNAMENT TO Any DRAWING ROOM! J
• A SOURCE OP INSTRJc-noN AND ENTERTAINMENT for old and young, yielding the de- 4
q lights of travel without its incon ven i ences . ;-*'.*>'; *
I THE CALL'S SPECIAL OFFER. j
©##-"' ¦ • ' - - - * _ * _ ¦ * * - ¦ ¦
§ AS SEEN \VITH CAMERA AND PENCIL. J
S INTRODUCED BY " ' . ,. J
I; MAJOR=QENERAL JOSEPH WHEELER, j
g_ , . » • UNITED STATES ARMY. .— .• «
©;'.. . With. Special Descriptive Matter and Narratives by J
S JO3E DEI, OHLiI'V^I^EiS, J
2 : - ..'-.¦- •'..'¦¦¦ '¦/ The Noted Author and War Correspondent. J
© -Author of "The Trocha Telegraph," "The Curse of Lopez," "The Last of The Anguilles," and other West Indian J
©EMBRACING PERFECT PHOTOGRAPHIC AND DESCRIPTIVE REPRESENTATIONS OF ' THE <
© AND THE ISLANDS LATELY ACQUIRED FROM SPAIN, INCLUDING HAWAII <
• ¦^^^ND THE PHILIPPINES; ALSO. THEIR/ MATERIAL RESOURCES AND PRODUC- <
© -* TIONS HOMES OF THE. PEOPLE. THEIR CUSTOMS AND GENERAL AP- , J
S PEARANCE, WITH MANY HUNDRED VIEWS OF LANDSCAPES, 3
© . ..:, - -RIVERS, VALLEYS, HILLS AND MOUNTAINS. SO.COM-
f ' - • PLETE AS TO PRACTICALLY TRANSFER THE ISL- . . <
S • . ANDS AND THEIR PEOPLE TO THE > . i
5 / PICTURED PAGE. ' J
2 With a special consideration of the conditions that prevailed before the declaration of war, by Senators Proctor, <
S ' v Thurston, Money and numerous prominent writers and correspondents, and a comparison with conditions za (
a Author of "Footprints of the World's History," "Heroes and Heroines .of America," "America's War for Hu- J
2 V, ¦ I :•"¦•¦.,- manity,"/ Etc., Etc. 4
¦•fSsiP'" ¦ '< ' '' - "-' : S * PHOTOGRAPHS BY ... ¦<
S WALTER B. TOWNSENP, FRED; W. FOUT, GEO. E. DOTTER AND OTHERS. \
• • i COMPLETE IN TWO QUARTO VOLUMES. J
8 PRICE : $15.00 PER SET. SPECIAL TO ;CALL READERS $3.20 PER SET. J
• Superbly illustrated with more than Twelve Hundred Special Photographs, Colohypes and new Colored Maps, i
2: 'CinyN.B— Only subscribers to Daily^Call are' entitled to these books at premium; rate. _ All mail orders (
©must be. accompanied by $3.20, and books "wiU be shipped by express, the cost of transportation to be paid by i
• .' subscriber 'at destination. '. -_ ;; >s \
Sf»©©©©©©©©©©®©®©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©»©«^0©©©©®»«»«»«©0««^
AMUSEMENTS.
The Baldwin Jewelry Co.
have opened their
where they will be/ pleased to show the public new and
exclusive designs in high-class Jewels and Silverware,
having purchased the entire stock of the San Francisco
v- Between Kearny and Grant Ave.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
PATTOSIEN'S, '
Sixteenth and Mission.
There's only one thing'left for us to do and that is to throw this special*
stock on the market and realize what we can for it. The people of ..San'
Francisco are placed in the position of profiting from our misfortune, and
while they have been accustomed to enjoy at our hands an advantage of at
least 25 per cent less than the installment combine prices, yet rarely does
such an opportunity as the present one occur even in our establishment.
We must save our credit, and to do so the people of this city must use this
furniture that was intended for the homes of Oakland. 60 cents on the dollar
and less is what this money-raising sale means. . •
We hs.ve arranged to open a big branqfr house in Oakland, and supposed
we had so far perfected our plans that there could be.no chance of their fail-
ure. But we were wrong. Our architect failed us, and the store, instead of
being ready, cannot receive us until late in August. . In every other detail we
were ready for the opening, and now have <jji hand- the stock prepared for
the Oakland store,' amounting to over $85,000 of the newest and- most com-
plete stock of merchandise purchasable. We can't hold it until August be-
cause it must be paid for before that time.
Our present situation is, even for us, an unusual, one. We find our-
selves in a predicament that demands a quick solution." We invite your as-
sistance and co-operation in straightening out what has been to us an em-
barrassing event and what will prove to you a big money-saving oppor- ,
tunity. . ... *
$85,000 Worth of Furniture, Carpets, etc., at
60 Cents od the Dollar.
MONEY-RAISING SALE.
MISCELLANEOTJS.
AMUSEMENTS.
ADVERTISEaiENTa.
T\yo Facts
There are more people to-day than
ever before suffering from stomach
and liver troubles, which, in many
cases, result from chronic
. Physicians all over the world have
testified that the Best f and Safest
Laxative for the positive cure of Con-
stipation, Disordered Stomach and'
Liver Is . .
NATURAL LAXATIVE MINERAL WATER.
Always Ask
your Druggist for Hunyadi Janos
(Full Name) and see that you got it.'
Substitutes are worthless.
DR. TALCOIT & CO.
SPECIALISTS, DIS-
t ORDERS OF MEN.
>Advice and Colored
Chart of the Organs
Free at office or by
Will remove to HW
.Market St., opposite '
Male's, June 1.
Missouri Pacific Railway
Through service dally to ; ;
'Kansas City and St. Louis
via Scenic 'Route. New
observation cafe cars. ';
Meate a la cartei
/ '/¦ ' • - : ¦":;•'. '.' . .'' '-.* '"¦
* Personally conducted excursions to Kansas
City, St. 'i Louis, Chicago, New York, Boston
and all Eastern. points. For full information
address ; , : - .
L.' M. FLETCHEiR,
, M „ ,„ Pacific Coast Agent.
128 California St., San Francisco, , Cal.
P/ll/lfft Desirable location,
* *f ll * vw unsurpassed v cuisine,
, j u n e q u a 1 e d ser-
. ft t\t\ vice . and modern
U11U conveniences are the
Y* J attributes that have
Slf/inn made these two' ho-
U1U1IU tels popular ¦ with .
•*j . I tourists and, travel--,
imfPK ers who visit - San
HUlWld Francisco.
T~- ..-¦¦ ¦•''.¦-. ; ¦'•'¦' i '*!.- -.'..•:.- :-' -¦¦¦ ••'. •: "
/^ 1 Bflr W-v' Bed8 .' Chairs, .Stoves. > Etc
/ • ' A Ifi/l I 1 Ten t» tor Rent and for Sale.
I /» EH 1^ Guns> K!fles - Fishing Tackle
I. 1 LA 1 1 1 ' 1^ - and Sporting • Goods. Send
\f Ajl.ll M. A f °r Catalogue.- SHREVE &
Vf • . - ' BARBER CO.; 739, Marker
j • «t.;~ and 511 Kearny at.. CHICAGO, : May . 20.— Corn ; took , the lead in
grain speculation late . to-day and relieved - the
session • from , the dullj "^hot ¦ weather ', monotony
that . has", prevailed '.' for^ Beveral days. -,4 At \ the
opening • of the " markets weather » reports' were
so ; favorable that ; the crowd ' was / still > Inclined
to the '. recent bearish v view! /( But ; a ! good \ bulge
. r, WHEAT, FREIGHTS— Are. weak/ and dull
on spot at 23s 1 9d@25s. : usual options. . ' 4 The
chartered .Wheat fleet; in port has a registered
tonnage of.- 21,116,\ against \ 28,300 tons | on I the
came date last year; disengaged, 25,500 tons,'
against 1810; ~on the way;to this port,^ 254,600
tons, against 171,000.' j. > - ". 7, -.; -.'. -,-'-,.'
r^ w , H . EAT ~ No ' ore len ¦ quotations^ of any con-
Wheat ; and '} Other 'Grains.
fi Strawberries " from'-.Watsonville ; were ; mostly
soft ' and overripe' and a considerable portion of
the j receipts ] went v to j peddlers at ( the * bottom
price. > Longworths t were . <in ; f air ¦ condition j and
prices were ' unchanged. > Crates from Florin
were in, light. receipt' and prices were a trifle
higher.*.' Gooseberries s were ' lower, as "receipts
were large and there wag very little demand.
'.> One.- drawer, of -.choice: Raspberries came in
late from San Leandro and will be sold to-day,
j Receipts of Cherries are: rather light/ as' the
fruit : is ;< being ¦.- shipped •. East ; direct * from ; the
orchard - districts. ) Less than -1200 < boxes were
received '¦ ¦ yesterday v and ; prices were . conse
quently 1 hlgh.'^,. Cherries ? In . bulk '.were i mostly
poor and 'sold "at 'the bottom quotation."".. . .
;; There is a" fair, movement -ln-^branges 1 and
Deciduous ) and Citrus Fruits.
Sterling Exchange; 60 days.."... , — ¦ $4 85%
Sterling Cables, sight:.......... — ' 4 88
Sterling Cables '. V; . ;.~-."7: .""..". '. : >~— - ¦ 4 89
New. York i Exchange, sight. .... . : — .' ' 15'
New York Exchange," telegraphic — •- . 17%
Silver.^per ounce..'. '...;^.. -.;;... *¦¦— ¦¦'•¦¦ ¦ siii
Mexican Dollars, • nominal.. ..... ¦" *: : ' • - 45%
Exchange ;and ; '
LONDON, May 20.— Consols, 95% ;• silver,'
23%d ; French rentes, ' lOlf 5c.' Wheat cargoes
on passage, quiet, ¦ but • steady; ' cargoes No. 1
Standard California 30s ; : wheat- and flour on
passage ¦ to United; Kingdom, i 4,280.000; wheat
and flour on pasiiage to Continent,-. 1.730.000.
. . LIVERPOOL.' May. 20. —Weather in England,
lizht : rain.'- • .- < ;• . •• ' ... . ¦-. , . ...
COTTON— Uplands, '5d.,'"v '/¦
Foreign [Markets.
THE COAST RECORD.
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature
59: minimum. 48: mean, 64. '
WASHINGTON,
; PORTLAND, May 20.— WHEAT— Nominal ;
Walla Walla, 66c ; bluestem,- 67c.
TACOMA. May 2O.-WHEAT-Steady; blue
stem, 66% c; club, 65c; . » :.
OREGON
Northern Wheat 'Market.
BUTTER^-Creamery, 20c per pound for
fancy, 18%@19c for I firsts and 17@18c for sec
onds; dairy.: 16@18%c; store ' Butter, T ; 14@16c
per* pound.-.- \ ¦ • '¦ ,¦ .- -. .;. v i- .. j .-. ;
CHEESE— New.- 8%@9%c: "old, 9Sjllc; Young
America; ;8@10c;. Eastern. 13@15c Sr pound. -.
- EGGS— Ranch, 18@18%c:for fancy and 16®
17%c for fair to good; store, 15@16c per dozen.
.Receipts .were 93,800 pounds, 62 kega,' 1 barrel
and 520 tubs of Butter, 1867 cases of Eggs, — —
cases of Eastern Eggs, pounds of Cali
fornia Cheese . and ; pounds of Oregon
Cheese. ¦¦?*' -
Several steamers came In together/ bringing
large lines of Butter, which explains the'heavy
receipts.) The market would, not J be able to
stand up under this load were it" not for the
general' packing " and Alaska orders, "which,
combined/ keep the , floors clear.
Prices care unchanged. ' ' > - • •• . '-
. There Is nothing new . in ' Cheese, ": the market '
being plentifully supplied and .weak. ' - ' .
Eggs stand about the same. Receipts, while
large for this- time of the year," are mostly of
second and lower grade stock, and fine large
ranch are not overplentlful. j. Hence;:. while the
former. grades are easy the: latter are firm.'
/and > some : dealers • report small ; sales : as « high
as 19c,' though -this figure is hardly general
enough for a quotation. . '-.<. . ,,.,if '..:-.-. .
Butter', Cheese and Eggs.
Evaporated . apples continue firm, with ex
port grades in limited supply and bringing a
shade higher price than | quoted. For jobbing
account, choice and fancy fruits are in some
demand, but are ¦ no^more . than steady. State,
common to rood. 7(S0o; ' prime, 9%@9%c:
choice 10@10%c; fancy, 10%@llc. . 7
In prunes the market is fairly -active.-^ arid
prices were unchanged. New fruit steady; old
Irregular and easy. Apricots . and ¦ peaches • in
moderate demand. r- ;-, - " , . • '
PRUNES-^3%@6%c.
APRICOTS— -Boxes. 10%<3>14c; bags," ' 10%@
PEACHES— Peeled. 14@16c; unpeeled, 18%®
lie. • ¦ ¦ • " . -.- .
DRIED FRUITS,
NEW YORK. May 20.— FLOUR— Receipts,
36,650._ barrels; exports, '23,355 barrels. . Quiet
all day, but steady and unchanged.' ¦ - -
WHEAT— Receipts, 157,165 bushels; exports,"
39,585 bushels.' Spot, steady ; No. 2 red, 86%c
elevator; No. 2 red, 90 %c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1
Northern Duluth, 83% c f. 0. b. afloat; No. 1
hard Manitoba, 87%c f. o.'b. afloat. -
Wheat was dull all day, but steady. The
close was steady at a partial %c net advance.
May, S0%@80%c, closed 80%c;'July. 80%®
80%c, closed 80%c; September, 78%@79%c
closed 79%c; December, . 78%@80%c, closed
HOPS — Quiet. ;,:-.'¦ ¦ '". - /
WOOL— Quiet. ,!;>. .*
HIDES— r'irm.
COFFEE— Spot Rio . quiet; ' No. 7 invoice,
5%c; mild, quiet; Cordova, 8@U%c.
Futures closed steady, 6 points net decline
Total sales were 19.750 bags, 'including: July
5.15c: September, 5 . 30c ; October, 5 . 35c • De
cember, 5.55c; January, 5.60c.'
SUGAR — Raw. nominal: fair reflnln*. 2T4c:
centlfugal, 90 test, 3%c. Molasses sugar. 2%c
Refined, steady. • v - . j . .
gureka.- Angeles ....60-48
Red Bluff 68-50 Sacramento ... 68-50
Mount Tamalpais.56-30 San Luis Obispo ."66-36
Fresno 76-4S San Diego ..!?. .62-50
Independence ....66-34 . "
O20th Meridian— Paciflc Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. May 20—5 p. m.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures were reported from stations In Cali
fornia to-day:
Weather Report.
TACOMA," May 20.— Clearings/ $261,731; bal
ances, $145,273.
-;F 0 ? T . LAND - . Or - Mav 20.— Clearings, $438,
783; balances, $05,663. • .,
¦' SEATTLE, .- May 2O.-Clearings. ' $464,106;
balances, ?57,618. . - ¦¦¦,:-
¦'< SPOKANE, May ( 20.- Clearings, $185,84(r;
balances. '55U64.'. - . ¦
Northern; Business.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, May 20.^To-day > s ' state
ment of jfhe Treasury balances shows: Avail
able cash balance, $186,594,825; gold, $05,
835,048.- • -., - . .
.^Receipts of .local Poultry' were V light, but
prices showed ! no improvement :• as the demand
was slack. Large stock only' was. in demand,'
all other stock being very dull. One car of
Eastern came In. " '.. -•• • I -, •¦(
There is no Game 'coming in other than Hare
and I Rabbits " and receipts ' of these . are very
light. - Snipe •¦ is .. in demand and would bring
good prices. were there any. obtainable. )
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 13@14c for Gob
blers and 14<g 15c for Hens; (Seese, per. pair
$1 25@1 50; Goslings, $1 50@l- 75; Ducks, $4<@5
for. old and $4 60®6 for young; Hens,. $4@5;
young Roosters, $6 50@8;'Old Roosters, $4 25@
4 50; Fryers, - $4@5; Broilers. . $3@4 for
large and $1 50@2 50 for small; Pigeons. $1 75
@2 per dozen for old and $1 60@l 75 for Squabs.
GAME— Hare, $1 25; Rabbits, $1 50 for Cot
tontails and $1. for Brush.";'.' • %
Poultry and Game.
Quotations— Fine medium, ,47@48c; mediums,
45c; ordinary grades, scoured: Fine, 48@4Uc;
fine medium, 43@45c; medium, 38@40c. '
BOSTON,' May 20.— The wool market is look
ing up a h little this week. . There has been
considerable activity. .Prices are, however, un
changed. Territory wools 'have ¦ been In bet
ter demand. The new. wools. on the market
are . not selling ¦ because ' they cannot : be profit
ably turned over at market values. '
Boston: Wool Market.
BAGS— Grain Bags, June and July. 6c; San
Quentin, 5.65c; " Wool" Bags. 32@35c; Fleece
Twine. 7%@8c : * - . .
CANNED VEGETABLES— Peas. 2-Ib' stand
ard. 85c; sifted. 95c; extra sifted, $1 10; petits
pois,. $1 25. , Gallons — Standards, $3 75; extra
sifted, $4 '29. Asparagus, per case, 2 (dozen
cans to the 1 case — Mammoth White. $2 50<a
3 75; Large White, $2@3 75; Medium White.
$1 75@2 65; Small White.- $1 «);•• Mammoth
Green. $2 65@3 05; Large Green, $2@2 90- Me
dium Green. $1 75®2 50; Small Green. $1 'so
CANNED FRUITS— The- California Fruit
Canners quote as follows, ln-2%-Ib tins- An
ples. $1 35@1 55; Apricots. $1 2501 SO-
Peaches, yellow, $1 40@l 65; do. Lemon Cling*
$1 50@l 75; Bartlett Pears, $1 50®l 75; Plum!'
$110@l 30; Nectarines, $1 25@1 60; Muscat
Grapes, $1 15@1 35; Quinces, r $1 30@i 55.
Strawberries, $1 50 @1 75; . Blackberries. $1 40
COAL— Wellington. $9 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington, $9; Seattle, $6 60; Bryant Sa 60-
Roslyn. $7; Cobs Bay, $5 50; Greta «8- wLinL
end. $8 50; Co-operative Wallsend. $8 60- Cum
berland, $12 In bulk and $13 25 In sacks-' pTiS*
sylvania Anthracite Egg, : -Welsh Amh^"
cite. $14;.Cannel. $11 per ton; Coke Ma \ III
ton In bulk and 117 in sacks;' Rocky*MoSn
tain descriptions. $8 43 per 2000 lbaf a^d W 60
per ton, according to brand. - ¦"«.•« ov
CORDAGE— The local cordage «»,«,..
quotes as follows: Pure /Manila 16%c^r /£
Sisal size. 12V4c: Bale Rope. i2Vi'c for SilLi .&
l(i%c for Manila; DuplVx? ll^c. Twms M
1 . Vi r es.? nt cash dls - unt - : £'.' g
PACIFIC CODFISH-iBundles per lh k Vh
cases,; regular.- 5% c; Uses. extra^la rS e
cases. Eastern , style. -6%c; Boneless rv^.'
"Norway," 6%c; "Narrow GaugV"7v/ c '..?^ :
ver King." 7%c; blocks. "Orientals"' «£
blocks "Seabright."_7%c; tablets 8c- mi-i^'
7%@8%c; , 5-lb boxes,^ fancy ! e Snefess ld 0 d %c'
2-lb boxes, fancy Boneless. 8@S%c- DesioriJlS'
per dozen. 90c; Pickled Cri bimfti 1
$7 50: Pickled Cod. half-barrels eSS iS Ch *
COFFEE-Costa- Rica-14@l& ?or ' sSctlT
prime, to fancy washed; 12 Vi@13Uc tor "r».i«
washed; 10%®ll%c for good^ wiSedi SiSSS
J° r 8^£ d }° DT , lme ' wa8h «d Peaberry; io%®li^
forgood to prime peaberry; 10%©iic-fn7?iiS
lo SSK-^- H -° f ° r fatr t <or f c O o r m K m°Sn
wa^ed^T^^Horgo^ r ffi isffi
8%@9%c for washed ; 10©S%? f W r
to prime washed peaberry; 9@9%c for goodto
prime 8%@9c f 0 ? superior un
washed; 8@8%c for good green unwash^ •!»«?!
9%c good to superior unwashel pel berr?
6%«?7c. for. common. to ordinary ,f , *^»°e«Ty,
Nicaragua"— 12@14c .- for > prtfme to f. n ™
washed; 9%@10%o for fair -to 1 itrletly eood
washed: : o 7%a8%c for -good' to" superiorfSn
washed: 8%@9%c,for good to prime unwashed
peaberry. ¦¦' ¦ , - . *^»i-<u»-i» -* i j ¦ -
; Guatemala and j Mexican—12%@15c for prime
to > fancy washed; - ll@12c ' for strictly mod
washed ; lOKeWKc;. for good . washed • oaiOc
for l3\r swashed: 7% @8%c for medium ; 5%@
7c for Inferior to. ordinary ;10%(9i2c for eood
to prime washed peaberry: 0(S9%c for good tn
prime unwashed peaberry: 8@8%c - for good to
.superior unwashed. .... • , :
-. -. dealers ; are ¦ quoting a
weak: markets."' Sole,' heavy.". :29<832c" extra
heavy. 3O@40c per 4b : medium. " 27®29c : 1 Igh t
24®26c ; ¦•' Rough Leather. - 26@28c ; . Harness
Leather, • heavy, ' 35@39c for No, 1 and 30Q33c
General Merchandise.
NEW YORK. May 20.— Money on call was
steady at 3%@4% per ' cent, closing bid and
asked 3%@4 per cent. ' ; -
Prime mercantile paper, 4%@5 per cent. ¦'
Sterling exchange was weak, with actual
business in bankers' bills at $4 87@4 87% for
demand and at $4 84%@4 84% for sixty days.
Posted- rates, $4 85%@4 88. -
Commercial bills, $4 83% @4 84%.
Bar silver, 51%c. . s
Mexican dollars, 41%c. -
Bonds — Governments, easy; States-' inactive;
railroads, steady. • ¦ , , -
New York Money Market.
Do lem 5s. 103 — " (1906) ....110 —
Mkt-st C 6s.-— 130 (1912) ....120% —
Do lem 5s.l20% — S P of C 1st
SRofC 6s. — — c gntd 5s.
Do 5s 120%- — Do stmpd.109% —
N Pac C 5s.l09%110% SP Br Cal6sl30U —
NCR 5s..ll4Vi — S V Wat 6s. — 111
Oak Gas 5s. 113 113%l Do 4s 2dm. — 103
Oak Trn 6s.. 124% — . I Do 4s 3dm. 101 102
Do 1st C5s.ll3%114% Stkn G&E6S.102 104
Oak W G 5s.l03%104% • •
' WATER • STOCKS.
Contra Costa — 76% 1 Port Costa.. 63% 66
Marln Co ... 69 — Spring Val.. 91 91J4
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent I* * P. 2% — Pac L Co... 47?—'
Eqt G L Co. 3% 3% Sac E G&R. 37 39
Mutual "...'. 4 4% S F G & E. 44 44U
O G L & Hi 63% 64 SFGLCo. 5« 5U
Pac G Imp.. 39 40 Stktn G&E 8
INSURANCE.
FIrem's Fnd.260 — "J
BANKS.
Am B ft T..110' — iFlrst Natlonl _ _
Anglo-Cal .. — 91%IL P & A 168"%170
Bank of Cal.426 429 : Mer Ex (liq) 23 —
Cal Safe Dp. 121 — S F Natlonl.140
SAVINGS BANKS.
German ."..1990 ¦ — Sav & Loan. 00
Humboldt .. — — Security Sav. 340 39O
Mutual Sav. 84 90 Union Trst.lS3o'
S F Sav U. 525 —
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..170%180 iMarket ..... J»%100%
Geary — 60 . '.Presidio .... 39 —
POWDER.
Giant .../.. 75% 75%|Vigorlt S —
SUGAR.
Hana 3% 4% Kilauea ..„ — 9»4
Hawaiian .. 40 Makaweli .. 23% SSTi
llonokaa ... 11% 12 Onomea 24 24%
Hutchinson . J3 . — Paauhau . . . 12% 13%
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack.159%160% Pac A F A. 2% —
Cal Fruit As — 102% Pac C Borx.105 —
Cal Wine As. 100 — Par Paint... 28 — *
Oceanic S Co 30 30%
Morning Session.
Board —
•20 Alaska Packers' Association 160 OO ¦
! 65 Giant Powder Con 75 75
V 5 Hutchinson S P Co..;. 13 12%
60S F Gas & Electric Co 44 00
10 Spring Valley Water 91 00
S-t.000 S P Branch Railway 6s 140 00 .
$10,000 Bay Counties Power Co 5s 108 75
;¦"¦ -• • Street — .
$3,000 N.P C R R 5s HO 00
$3,000 Spring Valley 6s -HO 73 .
Afternoon Session.
'• 5 Contra Costa Water v . ••?••••*•• W 00
Ala A W 6e.'91% — Oc S3 Co 5s. 98*4 9OU
Bay CPC es.108%109 Omnibus 6s!l -- 130*
C C G&E 5s. 105 105% Pac G Im 4s — 100
Cal-st 5s ...119 _ Pk & C H 6s — 110
C Costa 5s..llO% — PkiOROi- 123
Ed L & P 6s — — Pwl-st R 6s. — _
Fer&C H 6s. — 123 Sac EGR 5s. — 102
Geary-st 6s.. — SF & SJV5s 121 « — '
H CAS 5%s.lO3 — Sierra Cal 6s — 118*
Do 6s .... — 99 S F of A 6s
?* An T g /? 96119 * 5 < 1909 > ••••113HH4
L A L Co 6s. 103 105 (1910) ll«i —
Do gtd 6s. — — S P of C 6s
» P/ 1 £*£ Z*-,7Z., ~ (l»05)Sr A.106%107«
L A & P 5s. 103% — (1905)SrB.— —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS
Bid.Ask. BliLAalr
4s qr, r«. . . .111 111* 4s v cp(w«r)137 137%
4s qr coup. .111 Ul<g Ss qr. coup. .108 ldsxt
UNITED STATE3 BONDS.
TUESDAY. May 20—2 p. m.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
The following quotations for the United Rail
roads of San Francisco were received yester
day from New York by Bolton. De Ruyter St
Co.: Common stock. $24 37%@24 75; preferred,
$59 50@60; 4 per cent bonds, $90 62% ©92- sul£
scriptlons. $1010101 60. r»»v_. sud-
Dividends w«re. paid yesterday as follows*
Spring Valley Water Company. 42 cents per
share; California Fruit Canners' Association.
60 cents; California Powder Company. $1.
The Home. Oil dividend of 7% cents per share
amounting to $7500, Is payable May 20.
The Aztec Oil dividend of 5 cents per share
amounting to $11,750. was paid May IS
In the afternoon there were some sales of
Oakland Gas at $63 50@63 75, the other stocks
remaining dull.
Stocks, both local and oil. continued dull on
the morning sessions and quotations showed no
changes worthy of note.
ST. . JOSEPH
¦ ST. JOSEPH, Mo., ,May 20.^— CATTLE — Re
ceipts, 1400. Steady .to 10c lower. - Natives,
$5 35@7 35; cows and heifers,' $1 50@6 40;
veals, $3 60<&.6 25; stockers' ,'and feeders', $2 25
@5.25. '.' ¦•: ¦- r> >¦_. - . ,
HOGS— Receipts, 8400.. Steady. Light and
light mixed. $6 95©7 30; medium and heavy,
$7 15@7 40; pigs.- $4@«. - ¦• .
SHEEP— Receipts, 4900. , . Steady . .to 15c
lower. ¦ \ -•' . • • '¦-' '. . ,-. r
CHICAGO, ; May • 20.— CATTLE— Receipts.
4000;- steady.' ¦' Good to prime steers. $7@7- 20;
poor to- medium. ,*5'25@6 SO; stockers' ¦ and
feeders', $2 76@5 50/ cows', $1 60@6 25; heif
ers, $2 75@6 60: cannera', $1 50@2 50; bulls,
$2 75{}5 75; calves, $2 50©7; Texas-fed steers,
$5-60«« 80. , ' -. > •
HOGS— Receipts, 21,000; to-morrow,) 35,000.
Five to 'ten cents lower than yesterday's close.
Mixed and butchers', $6 95&7 40; good ! to
choice heavy, " $7 30@7 45; rough heavy, . $70>
7 25; lieht, $0 7537 15; bulk of sales, $7 05
@7 25. ' .
SHEEP — Receipts, 1000. Steady, to 10c
lower; Lambs, steady, j Good to choice weth
ers, $6 10Q6 50; ' fair . to. choice mixed, $5 50
@5 60; ! native lambs, clipped, $5 50@7; West
ern lambs, $5 50@7; Colorado wooled lambs,
$7'50. . ; ¦ . -¦ ••-. .¦¦-.-.¦,..... . . . ..-,.
CHICAGO
Eastern ¦ Livestock Market.
HOGS — Live Hogs, 200 lbs and "under 6%c
200 lbsF* and over, 6®6%c; feeders, 6@6%c;
sows 20 per cent off. - boars ' 60 per "cent off
and stags 40 per cent off from the above quo
tations. . . . .......
LAMBS — Suckling Lambs. $2 50@2 75 per
head or 4%@5c per lb live weight; yearlings 4
@4%c per lb.
The following quotations are for good sound
livestock delivered at San Francisco, less 50
per cent shrinkage for cattle:
CATTLE— Steers. 8%@9c: Cows and Heifers
7@7%c; thin Cows; 4@5cper lb.
CALVES— 5@5%c per lb. (gross weight).
Wethers, 4®4%c; Ewes, 3@3%c per
lb (gross- weight). ',' •- .
¦Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as 'follows: .
BEEFr— 6%@7%c for Steers and 6@6%c per
lb for Cows.
VEAL — Large. 7@8c; small. 8@9c per lb. .
o MUTTON— Wethers. 7%<g8%c; v Ewes. 7%©
8c per lb. -.
' LAMB-^Spring Lambs, 9@10c per lb.
PORK — Dressed Hogs, 7%@9%c per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
DRESSED MEATS
'Beef is slightly weaker, and "Lamb is off %c.
Mutton and Veal. are unchanged. - Hogs are also
as before quoted, with enough coming In 1 to
supply the limited demand. .. ',.
San Francisco Meat Market.
New York Cotton Market.
-NEW, YORK, May 20.— Cotton opened steady
with prites 5 points higher to 1 point lower and
closed steady in tone, 10 to 16 points higher.
VEGETABLES — Asparagus, extra" fancy
$2 25 per box, $1 65@2 for No. 1; and $1@1 40
for No. 2; Rhubarb, 35@G0c per box; extra
fancy, . 85c@$l;- Green Peas, - 90c@$l 25" per
sack; Garden Peas, $1 35@1 50 per sack; String
Beans from Los Angeles, 4®6c-per.lb, includ
ing Wax; from. Yacaville, 6@Sc; Cabbage, 75@
90c . per ctl; .Los Angeles Tomatoes, $2' per
crate;" Mexican Tomatoes, per box; Dried
Peppers, 10@llc per lb; Los Angeles do, 13@
17%c;' Carrots, $1 per sack; -Hothouse Cucum
bers, 40@75c per dozen for small and $1@1 25
for large; Garlic." 2@3c» Los • Angeles Green
Peppers, - 12%@15c; Mexican do, ¦¦ 10@15c,: ' Egg
Plant, from -Los Angeles, 6@10c; - Summer
Squash, from Los Angeles, 85c(j$l ; - Marrowfat
Squash, $15^20 per. ton;' Hubbard Squash, ?15@
ONIONS^-Australian, $3 50@3 75; second
hands; new red, 40@65c per sack; SUverskins,
50<3G0c per box. .> .. , ' ,'
POTATOES— New . Potatoes,' $2@2 50, with
some- fancy higher; old. $1 25@1 65 for Bur
banks from the river; from Oregon and Wash
ington, $1 40@l 75; River Reds. $1 30@l 50;
Oregon Burbanks, for seed, $1 40@l 60; Sweets
jobbing at $2@2 25.
Receipts of -Peas were hardly ' sufficient for
requirements and prices continued high. As
paragus was slightly lower under more liberal
receipts. Fine large Rhubarb sells readily,
but poor small stock is hard to dispose of.
String Beans - were offering freely and Wax,
which we.re scarce, brought the top quotation.
Egg Plant and Squash from .the south were in
light receipt and the quotations, are mostly- for
carried-over stock. ;. ¦ :
Supplies of new red Onions and' Sllverskihs
were plentiful and low . prices ruled. ¦ Austral
ians are selling slowly at the quotations.
There were over 6000 sacks of old Potatoes re
telved from Oregon and - the market continued
very dull . at easy prices. .Choice , offerings of
new sold readily at -. top prices, but. there was
much small stock offering, which was hard to
sell. •¦ ¦-: - ¦•>,¦ , .. .'¦ .•¦ :¦:. ; ."--¦¦ ¦:
Potatoes, Onions and' Vegetables.
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks... lS.SOOrBran. sks ...... 1 00O
Potatoes, sks ... 6,544! Middlings, sks.. 1,330
FOR TUESDAY. MAY 2a
Flour, qr sks... 7.774 Middlings, ska. . CO
Wheat, ctls .... 72.933 Leather, rolls... 105
Barley, ctls .... 8,900 Hides. No ...... 5*,5
Oats, ctls 400 Pelts, bdls l«r
Com. ctls ..... 860 Lime, bbls 182
Beans, sks ..... 1.320 Quicksilver, flsk 45
Potatoes, sks . . 3,650 Wine, gals ..... 32.700
Onions, sks .... 853 Chicory, bbls .. 50
Wool, bales .... 374 Tallow, ctls .... 2t«
Hay. tons :...... 346 Sugar, ctls .... 1 93C
Straw, tons :... 25 -
Receipts of Produce.
Everything ' under this head remains as be
fore' quoted. ' Seeds are neglected and nominal
and Beans are quiet, the ' demand for shipment
having been satisfied. Llmas and Blackeyes
are firm, but the- other sorts -are -weak. •¦
BEANS— Bayos, $3@3 10; small White, $2 40
@2 50; large White. $2 30®2 40; Pea. $3 25@
3 50; Pink. $2 05@2 15;- Red, $2 50; Blackeye,
$4 90@5; Limas. $3 65@>3 75; . Red Kidneys,
$3 50@3 75 per ctl. .
SEEDS— Trieste Mustard." $2 50@2 65; Yel
low Mustard, $3 25@3 60; Flax, $2 25@2 50;
Canary, 3%c for Eastern: Alfalfa from Utah,
10%@ll%c; California, 10@10%c; Rape, 1%@
2%c; Hemp. 3%c-per lb.- ¦-'¦¦ •-/ . — ™-.*
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $1 60@2; Green, $1 60
@2; Blackeye, nominal. . , ' .¦.-;;--.:;....
Beans and Seeds.
NEW YORK, May 20.— The local market for
copper was active and 'steady, with sales of 100
tons :. standard for August delivery . at $1190,
and 90,000 pounds - casting in lots of 30,000
pounds each for June, July and' August delivery,
all at $12. The market closed with standard
quoted at $11 85@12 for spot. to August; lake
at $12 25@12 50, electrolytic at $12.12%@12 25
and casting 'at $12. The London copper market
was 5s higher, with spot and' futures quoted at
£54 15s.
Tin was steady here, ' with spot quoted at
$30 12 % (§30 50, five tons for June delivery sell
ing at $29 87%. The London market for tin
was 6s lower, with spot closing at £137 and
futures at- £133. :. '¦ - <- . <
I*ad was slow and unchanged at all mar
kets,-with London closing at £11 12s 6d and
New York at $4 12%. . i.X -'
Spelter was also steady 'and unchanged with
London at £18 10s and New York at $4 45.
The local; iron market ruled steady to firm.
PIgiron "warrants continue" nominal'. No. ¦ 1
foundry,' Northern/ $19 50@20 50; No. 2 foun
dry. Northern, $19 50@20 50; No. 1 foundry,
Southern, $18 50«fl9 50; No. 1 foundry. South
ern,. soft, $18 50®19 50. . ; . ,. -/ ,.
The; English markets were' higher. ¦ Glasgow
closed at 54s and Mlddlesboro at. 49s.. ?' -
New' York Metal Market.
Hides are quoted firm and In good demand.
Prices show no further change.
Hops are as before quoted. Crop prospects
continue good all 'over the country. Buyers are
now trying to contract for the . new crop - at
121-0, but are meeting with indifferent success
as the growers are. very firm in their views.
W ool is moving oft rather ' more freely, the
off-colored grades especially. Otherwise there
is nothing new in this description. Prices re
main as before. -. • - -
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls arid brands sell
about 1 %c under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, lie-: medium, 10c; light, 9c; Cow Hides
9%c for heavy and 9c for light; Stags 7c-
Salted Kip, 9c: Salted Veal, 9%c; Salted Calf'
10c; Dry Hides; 15@16%c; Culls. 14@15c; Dry
Klp,ll@13c : Dry Calf, l(J@18c; Culls and
Brands, 15@16c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 20®
30c each; short Wool, 40@60c each; medium
C5@75c; long Wool,. 80c@$l 20 each; Horse
Hides, salt, $3 for large and $2 50 for me
dium. $1 50@2 for small and 50c for Colts-
Horse Hides, ' dry. $1 75 for large, $1 50 for
medium. $I@1 25 for small and 50c for Colts
BuekSklns-^Dry Mexican. • 32%c; dry salted
Mexican, . 25c: dry Central .American, 32%c
Goat Skins— Prime Angoras, . 75c; large and
smooth, 5Cc; medium, -35c -" -.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 5%@6c per lb-
No. 2. 4%(§5c; grease, 2%@3%c. •
WOOL— Spring, 1 Northern free. 14@16c- do,
defective. 13@14c; Middle County free, 13(S15c
do. defective, 12@13c; Southern. 12 months 9@
10c: do/ 7 months, 9@llc; Foothill, ll@13c;
Nevada. .12® 15c per lb. . . ..
HOPS— 12c . for fair and 13@14c per lb/ for
good" to choice , •
Hides, Tallow^ Wool and Hops.
. . . ' Sales. Hish. Low. Close.
Atchison ... 0,500 78% 78% -78*4
Atchison Pfd 700 97& . 87V4 97^
Bait & Ohio 2,200 10t\ 105$ 105^
Bait & Ohio pfd... 100 95\ 95% »5
Canadian Pacific ..10,800 133 128 133
Canada Southern . • 1,000 96« 95-ti 95
Chesap & Ohio..... 1,400 40K 4(J 40U'
Chi & Alton 3,200 37% 36% 37
Chi & Alton pfd... 300 76 70 70
Chi Ind & Louis... 1,600 76 75 74%
Chi Ind & L pfd... 100 86% «3 8«5
Chi & K Illinois 200 162 161 161 >A
Chi & Great West. 5,000 28% 27% 28^
Chi & G W A pfd. „ • t=i£
Chi & G W B pfd. 600- 47% 40% 43%
Chi & North westn. 1.900 248% 244 248 %.
Chi R I & Paciflc. 2,200 171% 170 171
Chi Term & Trans »\
CM Term & T pfd. 200 38Vi 38 38'
C C C & St Louis.. 100 103^ 103 £ 103%
Color Southern 1,800 30 14 29ii 30
Colo South 1st pfd. 200 71 71 7034
Colo South 2d pfd. 800 42% 41% 42
Del & Hudson ... 1,000 175 17.{ l7iVi
Denver & Rio G... 4,100 42 42 41%
Denver & R G pfd. 500 90 89 90
Erie 6,400 36% 30U 3K%
Erie 1st pfd ¦¦ 800 67% 67 67U
Erie 2d pfd 500 52% 51% 51%
Great North pfd .. 300. 183% 183 is.;%
Hocking Valley ... 800 82 81 81
Hocking Val pfd... 200 90% 90 90
Illinois Central 1,500 152!i 151% 152
Iowa Central ¦ 44^
Iowa Central pfd.. 400 83% 82* 83
.Lake Erie & West (54
L Erie & West pfd. "- 125 »
Louis & Nash 7,500 141% 137% 140
Manhattan L ...:. 5.700 132 131 131%
Metropolitan St Ry ¦ 900 148 147« 14fiil
Mexican Central .. 800- 27%' 27% 27%
Minn & St Louis... 200 111% in 111
Missouri Pacific ... 4,600 99 98 98U
M K & Texas .... 25?
M K& Texas pfd. 400 66 .55 55U
N J Central ." 182
NY Central 3,800 J.55% 155% 155%
Norfolk &West;.. 1.000 56% 66 56%
Norf & West pfd.. .... 83
Ontario it Western 1,500 33 32 32%
Pennsylvania 9.700 - 149% . . 148 14R%
Reading ... 7,000 62% fil% 62%
Reading 1st pfd... 900 82% : 82% 82%
Reading 2d pfd 7.800 68% 67 68%
St. Louis & 8 F ... 2.300 67 65% (Uu2
Et L & S F 1st pfd. .... ¦ .... 83-
St L & S F 2d pfd. . 1,100 71 70% 70%
St Louis S W 100 27% " 27% 27 .
St Louis S W pfd. 300 . 58% 68% 5S%
St Paul ... 8,300 1«8 , 16«% MS
8t Paul pfd 300 188% 188 188
Southern Pacific . . 17.70Y) 64% 63% 64U
Southern Ry ...:.. 11,300 36% 36% 30%
Southern Ry pfd. . - 1,100 94% 94% 94%
Texas & Pacific ... 1,500 40% 39% 40W
Tol St Louis & W. 100 21% 21% 20%
Tol St L & W pfd. v 100 37% 37% 37t"
Union Paciflc 38,700 104M lOftU 104%
Union Paciflc pfd.. 300 87% 87 87 ¦
Wabash i 6,100 -20% 20 2fiU
Wabash.pfd 400 43% 42% 43U
Wheeling & L K.. - 400 21% 21% 2l2
W & L E 2d pfd.. 400 -33% 33% 34*
Wisconsin Central.. C00 26% 26 W 2R«>
WIs Central pfd. .. 600 47% • 47% 47%
Express Companies— ¦ . - ..
Adams ••.•..,.•.'•• •....' - ' * - 20%
rSSJRSU;- •/.::: ,. 200 225 '" »¦' : f»
Wells-Fargo ...... ..... .".' '"' iiJ
Miscellaneous — ." *•"••'.
Amalg Copper..... 22,100-67% «7% ' ftiu'
Amer Car * Fndry. 700 29% • 29% 29il
Am Car &Fdry pfd ..... .;„ . - ,09
Amer Linseed Oil. 100 23% 23% , i\U
Am Linseed OH pfd 100-61 51 mi/
Am Smeltsr tc Ref. 1,200 46 45% 453?
Am Smtg & Ref pfd 400 96 M 051/
Anaconda MIn Co. 1,200 113% 112% I12S
Brooklyn Rapid Tr 4.KOO fie \«5% ««*;
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 9,f»00 ' 93 flS^i Q7U.
Consolidated Gas... KOr» 221%. 221 2»xil
Cont Tobacco pfd..- 200 12O%" 1 20 • l">ou.
General Electric... 800 ;316% 314 ¦ 3l«>
Kocklnr Coal...... 100 > 18%. 18& li
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
NEW YORK. May 20.— Prices of stocks
scored quite a substantial recovery to-day and
ended the day pretty near the top level and
steady. There was a much more cheerful feel-
Ing with regard to the outlook for values and
none of the rather urgent pressure to sell which
was a feature yesterday. The sharp and sud
den declines among high-priced but seldom
active stocks gave place to equally sudden re
coveries in the same securities. International
Power recovered 5 points of its 18-potnt break
yesterday, and there were wide gains scored
by the electric and express stocks, which were
notable ' sufferers yesterday. There was not
much news on which to base the rise. Senti
ment was favorably affected by the large ab
sorption of United States Steel at rising prices.
This soothed all anxieties which were
caused by yesterday's rumors that a formid
able bear party had been formed in the stock
as an outgrowth of the criticism of the stock
conversion and bond issue plan. The notable
strength of Canadian Pacific and its subsidi
ary roads, Minneapolis. St. Paul and Sault
Ste. Marie and Duluth, South Shore and At
lantic, also had a notable sympathetic effect
on the whole market. This movement began
abroad before the opening here and was not
explained by .any specific news. London was
a buyer on a considerable scale after the holi
day, and confident predictions were beard that
peace would be declared at an early day In
South Africa. The formal announcement of
the terms' for taking over Jointly by Louisville
and Nashville and Southern Railway of Chi
cago, Indianapolis and Louisville stocks in re
turn for 4 per cent/ bonds was reflected in the
price for Louisville. The terms of exchange
for the 'stock at .78 for the common and 90 for
the preferred led to some recession in their
prices, as the joint bonds, judged by the prece
dent of the Burlington exchange bonds, are not
likely to command a full -par value. The pres
ence in the Wall street district of Secretary
Easley of the Civic Federation and his con
sultation with important- representatives of the
anthracite interests gave rise to conjectures
that measures were in progress for the settle
ment of the anthracite miners' strike. Wall
street opinion remains confident that a settle
ment lies within reach at almost any time.
There was also much less apprehension of a
spread of the labor trouble Into the bitumin
ous coal ' fields, ' which was considered a for
midable prospect yesterday. The buying of
stocks by London was a factor in the easier
tone of foreign exchange which relieved the
feeling yesterday that a prompt return of ex
change to the gold export level was to follow
the relaxation of money rates. Sugar was
helped by the reports of an agreement upon
a Cuban reciprocity measure, and Amalga
mated Copper was tirm on Ihe -better conditions
reported in the copper < trade. The market
closed quiet and steady.
) t3 l tale™410lV Ut - We ™ ab ° Ut 6teady -
United States refunding 2s and new 4s were
V* per cent higher on the last call.
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK, May 20.— Special cable and tel
egraphic - communications received I by Brad
street's to-day show the following ¦ changes In
available . supplies, ¦ compared with last ac
count: . , •¦...•
Wheat, United States and Canada, east of
the Rockies, decrease. 3,804,000 bushels; afloat
for and In .Europe, increase, 1,400,000 bushels;
total supply, decrease, 2,404,000 bushels.
Corn, United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, - decrease, . 1,008,000 bushels. •
Oats, United States and Canada, t east of the
Rockies, decrease, 193,000. bushels.
Available Grain Supply.
On ' the Produce Exchange to-day > the butter
market was steady: creameries, 18<322c; dai
ries,'- 17©10c.' Cheese, steady, 12@13c. Eggs
steady; fresh 14?ic. > ' '. -
LOR ANGELES SUMMARY.— Cool week.
with liRht showers at the bejrinning and heavy
¦windstorm at the close. Bean and corn plant
ing proprcssing and finished in places. Haying
continue*: the late crop will not amount to
much. Parturage is short for so early lii the
season.
are doinsr well. .Beans are in good condition in
Sa»;Ut Barbara County. Sucar . beets are In
fair Vondition. though needing rain. Walnuts
premise a good crop. In come sections decid
uous fruits are reported very heavy and thin
nine is necessary. Indications are very fa
vorable for a heavy yield of grapes.
SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA..— The showers
Tuttday night and Wednesday were too light
to benefit crops, -which -are -now . needing rain
badly. Late sown grain is reported in bad
condition, and the «»rly sown is being cut for
hay. The high winds- at the close of the week
have probably still further damaged the grain
crops apd deciduous' fruits. Haying is pro
presf-ing; Wpetables and other irrigated crops
COAST AND BAY SECTIONS.— The rain on
Tuesday and Wednesday in the central and
northern districts was generally beneficial,
though it caused some damage to ripening
fruit end cut hay. High winds at the close
of the woek have probably been Injurious to
fruit and grain, but no estimates of the loss
have been received. The weather In other re
spects has ' been generally favorable for grow
ing crops, which are advancing satisfactorily.
There will be pood crops of grain except in
come of the southern counties. Haying con
tinues: the hay is reported of superior quality,
but the yield light In the smithern districts.
D^iduous fruits, except prunes, are in ex
cellent condition. The strawberry crop in So
noma County was badly damaged by recent
r&in. Vineyards are doinsr well.
EAN JOAQUIN VALLEY.— High winds at
the close of the week caused considerable dam
ape tc fruit, especially ripening cherries, and
pmbsbly Injured grain to some extent. The
rain en Tuesday extended through the valley,
snd was verv beneficial; cut hay was not se
riously damaged, but there will b* some loss.
In the southern counties some grain is being
cut for hay. and the wheat crop will be very
light, but in the central and northern districts
prospects continue good for abundant crops
of wheat and barley. Early wheat is turning
and barley is nearly ripe; harvest will com
mence soon In Madera County. The first crop
of alfalfa Is reported the heaviest ever known.
FRsturaire is plentiful. Deciduous fruits are
In excellent condition, with the exception of
pears in Tulare County, and good crops are
expected. Vineyards are thrifty.
SACRAMENTO VALLEY.— Rain at the b«
ptenlng of the week was beneficial to crops
generally, but" damaged hay and ripe cher
ries. The high winds at close of the week
have doubtless caused considerable damage to
fruit, especially cherries, apricots and almonds.
A report from Wheatland states that wheat
beads appear very short, and the yield may not
exceed that of last year. Other sections report
that grain prospects were n*>ver better, and
heavy crops are expected. Hay harvest is pro
gressing, with good results. Hops are in ex
cellent condition. Deciduous fruits, where not
damaged by the recent rain and high winds,
are doing well and good crops are probable;
apricots are ripening rapidly. Cherries and
strawberries are abundant, and of excellent
quality.
Ar this report closes (Monday morning), high
wlr.de continue In the valleys and sandstorms
Vi the southern districts, probably causing
much damage to crops.
Ripe cherries were considerably damaged by
4he rain and wind, and apricots and other fruits
wer<> injured to come extent. The first crop of
etrawberries in Sonoma County was ruined by
the rain. Prunes, pears and apricots are re
ported dropping in many localities, but fair
crops are still probable. Walnuts and citrus
fruits are thrifty.
¦With few exceptions, grain is in excellent
condition in the central and northern portions
of the State, and prospects continue good for a
htavy yield of wheat and barley. Early bar
lf" is ripening and early sown grain is turn-
Ing in portions of the San Jo&quln Valley, and
harvest will commence soon If warm weather
prevails. In the southern part of the San
Joaquln Valley and nearly all parts of South
ern California the early sown grain crop Is a
failure and is being cut for hay; the late sown
is in very bad condition, and the yield will be
light. Hay harvest continues; the yield is good
and Quality excellent in most places. Some
cut hay was damaged by recent rains. Hops,
sugar boetn and beans are doing well. Pastur
es^ continues plentiful.
The temperature has been below normal In
nearly all parts of the State during the week.
Kain fell in the central and northern sections
and light showers in the south Tuesday and
Wednesday. High winds prevailed In all sec
tions at the close of the w««k.
GENERAL SUMMARY.
The weekly report of A. G. McAdle, section
director of the climate atid cr^p service tf the
Weather Bureau. Is as follows:
The Weather and Crops.
Another advance In Bran, and Middlings Is
noted, . and both ' are .very firm. ' .¦¦. ¦ " ¦ .
. Hay has turned quite firm during the past
several days', and quotations., for- the choicer
grades have advanced slightly. . Real ' choice
Hay Is getting scarce, and a car of extra fine
wheat sold yesterday at $13. I There are two
causes for the advance.; The' first is that the
small dealers have allowed 1 their stocks to run
down and are now buying freely to stock up
again; the second is that the crop is not look-
Ing, as well as if did a month ago, the staple
being short and thin on the ground, owing to
the very cool spring. There will- ' be crop
enough to satisfy 'the demand, without doubt,
but It will not be as heavy as anticipated some
weeks ago. . ,
A cargo of new Alfalfa. 1 the first of the sea
son,, came in from the river, and was bid in at
$7 per ton. It was rather warm, and buyers
did not care ¦ for it.
BRAN— $1S@19 per ton. ' .
MIDDLINGS — $21©23 50 per ton. .
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $21@22 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the Mill, $25(326; job
bing, $26 50@2T; Cocoanut Cake, $20#21; Corn
Meal. $31@32; Cracked Corn, $31 50@32 50;
Mixed Feed, $16@17; Cottonseed' Meal, $26 50.
HAY — Extra fine Wheat, $12; fair to choice
do, $0 50011 50; Wheat and Oat, $9@11 60;
Oat, $S@10 50; Alfalfa, $7@il; Clover, $7@9;
Volunteer, $U 50@8 50; Stock, $6@S per ton.
STRAW— -40@65c per bale.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel, 10%c; three
half-barrels, 10%c; one • tlrce, 10%c; two
tierces, 10%c; five tierces, 10%c per lb
LARD— Tierces quoted at 8%©8&c per lb
for compound and 12%c for pure; half-barrels
§ U iK e \, 12% ?i,/ (Mb tlns ' 13 * c: Wo tlns . 13 %c;
o-iD tins. ia%c.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 13c per lb for
heavy. 13%c for light medium, 14%c for light.
15%c for extra light and 16@17c for^sugar
cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 14%c; Cali
fornia Hams, 13%@14c; Mess Beef. $10 per
bbl; extra Mess, $10 50@lf; Family, $11 500
IV, p ri me M . ess Pork." $15@15 60; extra clear;
$23; Mess, $18 50@19; Dry Salt Pork, $12 25;
?i?/£?? k ' * 25 : p «ss'. Feet. $4.75; Smoked Beef.
13%@14c per lb. - . -
The San Francisco markjt continues inactive
and nominal. Some changes In barreled Be»f
and Pork will be seen.
Provisions.
Chicago was dull and featureless, but slightly
higher. , . ,
Articles — '..'• v Receipts.' Shipments.
Flour, barrels ........... 19,000 8,000
Wheat, bushels) ......... 55,000 209,000
Corn, bushels ........... 83,000 - 109,000
Oats, bushels : .226,000 205,000
Rye, bushels 5,000 1,000
Barley, .Jnishels .......... 35,000 *
The following retail quotations for meats are
furnished by the San Francisco Retail Butch
ers' Protective Association:
BEEF — Roast, 10@15c per Ib; Tenderloin
Steak, 15@17»4c; Porterhouse Steak, 17>4@20c;
Round Steak. 10(J12^c; Stew Beef, S@10c;
Corned Beef. SfflOc. *
VEAL — Roast, 12@15c; Cutlets, 15@18c.
MUTTON — Roast, 12>4c: Chops, 12i4@15c:
Btew. 8©10c.
LAMB— Spring, 12V>e20c; Roast. 15@18c;
Chops. 15©20c.
. PORK— Roast, 12%@15c; Chops, 15c
Retail Meat Prices.
¦ Cash- 1 quotations were as follows:. . .Flour,
firm; No. 3 spring wheat, 74%iJI74%c; No. 2
red. 79c: No. 2 white oats, 44©44%.c; No. 3
white, - 43©44%c; . No. 2 rye, 5D»^c; fair to
Choice malting barley, C9@72c; No.' 1 flax seed,
$159; No. 1' Northwestern, $1' 76; prime tim
othy .seed, $6 30@6 35; Mess pork, per "bbl,
$17 15@1720; lard, Der. 100 lbs, $10 17%@10 20;
short ribs, sides' (loose), $9 05<g>9 75; dry salted
shoulders (boxed), 8@8%c; short clear -sides
(boxed), $10 40010 50; whisky, basis of high
wines, SI 30: clover, contract trade, $8 35. |
. Northern California — Cloudy, unsettled
weather Wednesday: possibly showers In the
foothills: light southerly winds In the Interior;
fresh westerly winds on the coast.
Southern California — Fair Wednesday; light
southerly winds, changing to westerly.
Nevada— Cloudy, unsettled weather Wednes
day; fresh southwest winds. . • > "
San Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy Wednes
day; light southerly winds, changing to brisk
westerly. ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official. •
The temperature has risen a few degrees over
most of ' California. In I the great valleys and
In the Sierras the temperatures are still from
6 to 15 degrees i below the normal. The high
northerly winds in the valleys have abated. '
Rain has fallen generally over Oregon and
Washington.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight. May 21, 1902:
twelve hours there has been a slight raise in
pressure along the coast south of Astoria. .
LUMBER— Retail prices . are as follows-
Pine, ordinary sizes. $18019 30: extra slz»s
higher: Redwood. $17@2O; Lath. 4 feet. $3 90fS
4: Pickets. $l»; Shingles. $2 for No. 1 and
$1 <o.for No. 2; Shakes. $13 for split and $11
for sawn; Rustic. $25@31. ¦
SUGAR — The Western Susrar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per pound, in 100-lb)
bags: Cubes. A, Crushed and Fine Crushed.
4.50c; Powdered, 4.35c; Candy Granulated
4.35c; Dry Granulated Fine, 4.25c; Dry Granu
lated Coarse, 4.25c: Fruit Granulated. 4.25c;
Beet Granulated (100-lb bags only), none:
Confectioners' A. 4.25c; Magnolia A. 3.85c-
Extra C, 3.75c; Golden C. 3.65c; "D." 3.55c
barrels, 10c more;- half-barrels, j 25c more;
boxes, 50c more: 50-lb basrs. 10c more for all
kinds. Dominos — Half -barrels. 4.75c; boxes
5c *r lb. No order taken for less than 75
barrels or its equivalent.
SALT — Liverpool. $30©32 50 for the best and.
$28@29 for factory filled. Domestic— Imitation
Liverpool. $26 25@27; H. R. H., $28 25@27;
California Dairy. 60-lb bags. $26; Rock Salt.
$18 50@19 60, according to quantity: Granu
lated. $26 25^27 per ton.
QUICKSILVER— $45 50@47 per flask for lo
cal use and $44 for export.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 1®
7%c per lb; White Lead, 6%®7%c. according
to quantity. '
COAL OIL— Waier White Coal Oil. In bulk
13%@14c; Pearl Oil. In cases. 20c; Astral 20c-
Star, 20c; Extra Star, 23c; Elaine, 25o; EoceneT
22c; deodorized stove Gasoline, in bulk. 16c
in cases. 22%c; Benzine, in bulk, 14Vjc; ia
cases, 21c; S6-degree Gasoline. In bulk. 20c- in
cases. 26%c .
TURPENTINE— 69c per gallon In cases and
63c in drums and iron barrels.
* O1Ij-**t& Oil has again advanced. Call-
Jornja Castor Oil In cases. No. 1. 70c: pure.
$1 20; Linseed Oil. In barrels, boiled. 73c- raw.
76c; cases. 5c more; Larcol. 68c for boiled and
6tic for raw, in barrels; Lard oil. extra winter
5-^S*c' barreI ». Wi cases. $1 05; China, Nut.
bi %@tosc per gallon; pure Neatsfoot. In bar
rels. «Oc; cases, 75c; Sperm, pure. 65c: Whale
Oil, natural white. 40@50c per gallon* Fisb
8 11 ' 1 ? arr^, s ;/ c ' « ases - 47%c: Cocoanut Oil.
barrels, 63%c for Ceylon and 58%o for Aus
tralian.
for No. 2; medium. 80®37c; light. 29035c:
Skirting No. 1, 40@-*2c; No. 2, 8U@3Sc; Collar
Leather. 15@lttc per foot; Trace Leather. 40(3
44c; Kip, unfinished. 4u©50c per lb: Veal
finished. 16®17o per foot; Belt Knit a Splits!
14@16c; Rough SpUta. 8@i0o per lb.
ti«^ BARK ~ Ground » if^® 22 * P«r ton; stick.
$16@18 Der cord.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade : Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $3;. Rye Meal,
$2 75; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal, $3 25; extra
cream do, $4; Oat Groats, $5 25; Hominy, $4@
4 25; Buckwheat. Flour, f4 50@4 75; Cracked
Wheat. $3,50; Farina, $4 50; Whole - Wheat
Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $7. 35@9; In
sacks,' $6 85@S 50; Pearl Barley, $5 60; Split
Peas^ $5 50; Green Peas, $6 50 per 100 lbs.
FLOUR— California Family , $3 50®
3 75, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 4003 50;
Oregon, $2 75@3 25 per barrel for. family and
$3@3 50 for Bakers' ; Washington Bakers', ?3@
3 50." . ¦ : : .., " - ... •
Flour and Millstuffs.
: Articles-^' - Oz>en: High.- Low. ; Close.
Wheat,- No.. 2— - . • . . ••
December,., i 74% .'75%," 74% 75%
May ..:..... 74% ' S 74% ! 74% 75%
July;..:.:../ 74% 75 74% 74%
September -..- -73% « .74% , 73% 73%
, Corn, No. 2 —
May ........ 00% 61 . " 60% - 61
July ........ 61% " 62% - 01% 62
September .. 59% :. 00% 59% -60%
.Oats, ,No. 2 — .' . -¦ -\ ¦ . ¦" ¦ ¦
May ........ "42 42 41% 42
July, old ... ; 34% . 35%' 34% x 34%
July, new-.. 36% 37% 36% 36%
Sept,; old :. ,28% 29% 28% : 29%
Sept,' new.. ,30% ' 31 -30% 30%
Mess Pork, per '-bbl— • -
May . ...:.. .17 15 17 15 17 10 17 10
July .:.: 17 20 -17 27% 17 17% 17 17%
September ..17 37% 17 40- ' 17 30 17 30
. Lard. -per- 100 ' lbs ¦
May ....10 25 10 25 10 17% 10 17%
July ........10 22% 10 27%' 10 17% 10 17%
September. ..10 25 10 30. 10 20 10 20
Short Ribs, per. 100 lbs — .
May ........ 9 75 .9 75 . 9 70 9 70
July. i....... 0 67% 9 72% " 9 65 ' 0 65
September .. 9. 70 : 9 72% 9 65 " 9 65
There is no further change to report. Apples
are scarce and closely held at the advanced quo
tations by one house. ' Pears are practically
cleaned up. Peaches. and Apricots are firm and
in such light supply as:to hardly deserve a^juo
tation. . Prunes are going into consumption
with increased activity, and at the present rate
win soon be cleaned up like the other fruits.
The crop will fall short of early estimates, ow
ing to the so-called, blight, which "nobody seems
abe to explain. Raisins. Nuts and Honey are
quiet at. the familiar quotations. LocaUdealers
say that the output of Honey will nof be as
large as heretofore expected •,:•,.
_FRUITS— Apricots, 9@10c for Royals and 10
@13c for standard to fancy Moorparks; Evapo
rated Apples. 10@ll%c; sun dried, 6®7c;
Reaches, 6%@S%c; Pears, 6@9c; Plums, pitted.
5@6%o;.unpltted, 1%@2%c; Nectarines., 6%@6c
J or «<i t and 5%@6c for white; figs, 3%©4%c
f0^black and 6%@6c for white. " J™*^
->n 4 RUNES ~ 1901 cr °P are Quoted as follows:
f°J 408 - 6%«$G%c;- 40-oOs. 6@5%c; 5O-60», 4%©
tl&V 60 -.!? 8 ' 4 @ 4 %c: 70-80s. 3%@3%c; 80-90s.
3@3%c; 00-lOOs, 2%@2%c per lb •
-Ji AISINS — Seeded. 3-crown, 8c; 2-crown, 6%
@7%c; Loose Muscatels, 6%c for 4-crown and
5%c for seedless; 3-crown, 6c; 2-crown, 5%c;
Seedless- Sultanas,- 5%c for unbleached 'and 70
8%c for bleached. Clusters— Imperials. $3;
J^ot!?:"! 2 *° : ' Fancy, $1 50; London Layers,
Jo@l~35. -. ¦¦ * ¦ -./ ; - . •
o NUTS— Walnuts, No.' 1 sbftshell. ll%c; I*o.
2, 6%@ ( %c; No. 1 hardshell. 9c; fJo. 2. 7c; Al
monds, 10%@12c.forpapershell. 9@10c for soft-
and 6@7c for hardshell: Peanuts. 5@7c for
Eastern: Brazil Nuts, 12@12%c;. Filberts. 12@
12%c; Pecans, ll@13c;Cocoanuts, $3 50®5.
HONEY— Comb. ll@12c for bright and 9@lle
for -light amber; water white extracted. 6®
111 am ber extracted. 4@4%c; dark, 4c.
BEESWAX— 27% @29c per lb^
Dried Fruits, Nuts' and Raisins.
Local stocks and bonds very quiet.
Silver a fraction firmer. Exchange unchanged.
Wheat quieter and easy. Freights dull and nominal.
Barley, Oats, Corn and Rye dull. . t .
Bran, Middlings and Hay firm and rising. .
First new Alfalfa Hay appeared from the river.
Beans and Seeds dull and unchanged. .
Nothing new in Butter. Cheese and Eggs. .
Dried Fruits firm, cleaned up and nominal.
Provisions dull, with some changes in barreled goods.
Wool, Hides and Hops as before quoted.-
Beef weaker. Lamb lower. Mutton, Veal and Hogs unchanged*
Ixird Oil advanced again.
Leather market reported weak and unchanged.
Potatoes in larger supply and weak. Onions ditto.
Poultry and Game dull and featureless.
Fruit market in fair shape for sellers.
There was little attendance on the floor of the
Exchange to-day and a waiting attitude in the
absence of any definite peace news. There was
some sudden animation at 4 o'clock, however,
on a rumor that Mr. Balfour had been sum
moned to the King with an important dispatch
Later there was a rumor, which was generally
credited, that there had been a ballot favorable
to peace and that the delegates had gone to
Pretoria. ..
Kaffirs" were buoyant on ' the street; -Rand
mine shares spurted 12 5-16 to 12% and other
South African share proportionately. Consols
were fractionally harder, but closed ¦ before the
rumor was circulated.
Copper was % up to £54% the ton; Rio Tin
tos up % to 45%c. ' ' ¦ - -. , .
Filver Is firmer on some orders from the Far
East, but the market is selling forward. -\ y ..
NEW YORK, May 20.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:. !
London Market,
Consols for money L & Nashville. ..131%
05 3-16 Mo Kan & Tex. . 25%
do for account. 95 5-16 .do prefd 60
Anaconda 6% N Y Cent ..159
Atchison 80% Norf & Western.. 57%
co prefd 100 do prefd ....... 92 ¦
Bait & Ohio...*. .108% Ontario & West.. 32
Can Paciflc .....132% South Ry :.. 37%
Ches & Ohio 47% do prefd , 07
Chi Gt Western.. 28% South Pac .'. 65%
Chi Mil & St P...171% Union Paciflc ...106%
Den & R G rande. 42% do prefd ....... 90
do prefd ....... 92 U S Steel.... 40%
Erie 37% US Steel pfd.... 72%
do 1st prefd.... 68% Wabash 26%
do 2d prefd 53 do prefd. 44
Illinois Central... 155% Spanish 4s 78%
Bar silver, steady, 23%d per ounce. Money,
2@2% per cent.- . . ¦
The rate of discount in the open market for
short bills and for. three months' bills is 2%
per cent. ¦¦ . ¦
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — U S Steel 40%
Call loans 5@G Do nfd ..90%
Time loans 4@5% Westing com .104
Bonds — Mining —
Atchison 4" 102 Adventure 23
Gas lsts 94% Allouez 3%
Mex Central 4s.. 81 Amalgamated ... 68%
N E Gas & Coke 53% Bingham - 326%
Railroads — Cal & Hecla :500
Atchison .73% Centennial 19%
Do pfd 97% Copper Range ... 57%
Boston & Albany. 2C0 Dominion Coal ..135
Boston & Maine. 197 Franklin 10%
Boston Elevated.. 162 . Isle Royal 12%
N Y. N H & H..230 Mohawk 40%
Fitchburg pfd ...143 Old Dominion ... 21
Union Paciflc ...104 Osceola 62 -
Mex Central .... 27 Parrot 27
Miscellaneous — Quincy .........125
Amer Sugar 127% Santa Fe Copper 2%
Do Dfd 118 Tamarack 170
Amer T &T.....178 Trinity 13
Dom I & S 53% United States.... 20
Gen Electric 315 Utah 2l'%
Mass Electric ... 44% Victoria 4%
Do pfd 97 Wlnona . .. ;. 3%
N E Gas & Coke. 4 Wolverine 64%
United Fruit 107%
Adams Con 20 Little Chief ..... 11
Alice ..; 45 Ontario 7 50
Breece 50 Ophir 1 15
Brunswick ' Con. . 11 Phoenix Otf
Comstock Tun 05% Potosi 29
Con Cal & Va..l 35 Savage 10
Dead wood Terra 90 Sierra Nevada.. 18
Horn Silver 140 Small Hopes ... 40
Iron Silver /!2 Standard ..... ..3 35
Leadville Con . . 05
MINING STOCKS.
Total sales 508,495
CLOSING BONDS.
U S refunding 2s. Hocking Val 4%s:ilO'A
registered ...109 L & Nash uni 4s.. 107 •
do coup 109 Mex Cent 4s 82%,
do 3s reg 108 do 1st inc...... 31%
do coup .108 Minn & St L 4s.. 105
do new 4s reg.. 137 M K & Texas 4s. 101%
do coup -... 137 do 2ds 82%
Jdo old 4s reg... Ill N Y Cent lsts... 104%
do coup- Ill do gen 3%s....lO9
do 5s reg 105% N J Cent gen 5s.. 138%
do coup 105% 'North Pac 4s 104%
Atchison gen 4s.. 103% I do 3s 73
• do adj 4s....... 93%. Norf & W con 4s. 101%
Bait & Ohio 4s.. .102% 'Reading gen 4s.. 99%
do 3%s 90% StL & I M con 5s. 115%
do conv 4s 106 St.L & S F 4s 99
Can. South 2ds...lOS> St L SW lsts.... 97%
Cent of Ga 5s 108%' do 2ds . . . .' 84%
do 1st inc.. 85 S A & Ar Pass 4s. 90
Ches & Ohio 4%s.lO8% South Pac 4s..... 95%
Chi & Alton 3%s. «4% South Ry 6s. 122%
C B & Q new 4s.. 95%iTex & Pac lsts. ..121
C M & St P g 43.115 Tol St L & W 4s. 82
C & NW con 7s.. 134 Union. Pac 4s.... 106
C R I & Pac 4s.. 112 do conv 4s.._..106%
C C C & StL g 4s. 104% Wabash lsts 120%
Chi Term 4s 89% do 2ds .. .110
Colo & South 4s.. 95% do deb B.......-75
Den & R G 4s 103% West Shore 4s... 114
Erie prior lien 4s. 99% Wheel & L E 4s. 92%
do gen 4s 87%jWls Cent 4s 03
Ft W & DC lsts. 114% Con Tob 4s 66
International Paper ..... .... .... 20%
Internat Paper pfd. .100 74% , 74% 74%
Internat Power. ... ' 300 80 75 78
Laclede Gas'..;. '.... . 87
National Biscuit... 1,300 47%-' ; 47» 47
National Lead... ...* . 19%
North' American.... • 200 121% 121 * 120
Paciflc Coast ...... 100 09% 69% G6
People's Gas.. 000 101% 101% 101%
Pressed Steel Car.. 700 43% 43% 43%.
Press Steel Car pfd. '- .... 83%
Pullman Palace Car 232
Republic Steel 500 17% 16% ¦ 17ft
Republic Steel pfd.. 500 73% 72% 72%
Sugar ..29,700 128% 127% 127%
Tenn Coal & Iron.. 3,400 63% 62% 63%
IJnion B & P Co .... ..„ 15
Union B & P Co pfd 100 81% 81% 81%
U S Leather. ...... 1,100 13$ 13 13
U S Leather pfd... 300 83% *• 83% 83%
U S- Rubber 200. 1»5% '.JUJK-MS'
US. Rubber pfd .... .7. 57V.
"L r S Steel 37,200 40% 39%' 40%
L S Steel pfd 10,200 00% -90 90%
Western Union.... 1,400 90% 89% 90
Amer .Locomotive.. 1,300 30% 30% 30%
Am -Locomotive pfd 2,300 92% 91% 90%
Kansas City So 6,500 33% 32% - 33
Kans City So pfd. 2,000 CO 59% ' 59%
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
came when '¦ it '.-. was apparent - that • the .'. much
talked-of Increases ; in . cof rf receipts were not
to materialize at once. The general feeling: of
traders late in the .session was' that the big
manipulators ' had the crowd pretty well -short
and .could .pinch 4 it badly if -they -so desired.
July sold from -61V&C up' to 62%c and closed
strong : at 62o— %@%c higher. ¦ ,v • i • *
Wheat wag inclined to dullness all day, but
showed fair strength at times.'- The good grow
ing ' weather in .the ¦ winter States, ¦ absence of
Liverpool -. cables - and ' reports of more -liberal
cpunjry offerings started the crowd somewhat
bearish. Bull news,- : however, was in better
array, j . Receipts -were small ; there were very
heavy - rains ¦ In * the -Northwest, which con
tinued to retard spring seeding and the visible
supply, decreased 2,204,000 bushels, where only
1,750,000 bushels decrease was expected. Re
ports from»the Red River 'Valley stated that
there; was but 35 per cent of last year's spring
acreage , seeded. : In the j main trade wfls dull.
July opened a shade lower at 74 but,\ aided
by corn, mounted to- 75c. . Liquidation took oft
some of'. the Bain- and July only closed firm.
%c up, at 74%@74%c. : , ;
, The corn strength, .together. with some active
purchases by: the leading May hulls, sent oats
up" smartly and • gave the pit - some activity.
July closed firm, 1 %c up, at 36%c.
.Provisions were dull and unattractive to th3
trade. ' Pork closed 7%c lower," lard 7%c under
an<l ribs 2%@5c -down.- - - . . '
The leading : futures ranged as follows :
BUCKWHEAT— $1 75 per ctl and nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
; , Informal Session— 0 :15 o'clock — No sales.
Session — ; December — 10,000 ctls, 82%c;
600C,.82%c; 10,000," 82%c. - • . '
Regular Morning Session— No sales. .'
Afternoon . Session — No sales. „ • . ¦ •
OATS-^-The market continues dull, and while
there Is no decline holders are. now willing to
sell, even at slight concessions. : ¦ Offerings,
though light, are ample. . . ¦ . . ¦ ¦ •
Grays. - $1 37%@1 45; whites, $1 35@1 50;
milling, $1 50@l 65; black, $1 25@1'35; red,
$1 32%@1 45 per ctl- ¦.<¦¦ - : h *
CORN— Chicago was firmer ! and advanced
several fractions on meager -country .. accept
ances. Bradstreet's ' gave 'stocks afloat . and
ashore a decrease of 1,008,000 bushels. ¦ '• ". ¦" -
¦• Large Yellow, \$1 47%@1 52%; small round
do, $1 60@l 55; White, $1 C0@l 62%. -v '
'» RYE— 90@95c per ctl. The market is neglect
ed and It is doubtful whether the top quotation
could be realized. .'.- . . :..' , ¦¦ ¦ - ¦ .-.' :¦ •- .
. Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock— December —
2000 ctls, ?1 13 V6; 2000.. $1 13; 4000. $1 12%.-
Second Session — December — 16,000 ctls,
$1-12%; 26,000,. $1 12%. ¦¦.:•-> -.;•¦¦
Regular Morning Session — December — 8000
ctls, Jl 12%; 14.000, $112%. . ' .- .
Afternoon Session— No sales."
BARLEY — The market is quiet at the recent
decline, with, buyers indifferent; and sellers dis
posed to press their ¦ offerings for sale. Spot
stocks are not large.
Feed. ?1@1 01% for No". 1 and 97%@88%c for
off grades; brewing, and ¦¦' shipping grades,
$1 02%@l 05; Chevalier, nominal.; ¦
CALL BOARD SALES,
sequence ' were. • received , from Liverpool or
Paris, as it was a holiday at both places. Brad,
street's gave . the status ¦ of • stocks ' as -follows :
East of the Rockies, ; a -. decrease of '3.804,000
bushels ;' Europe ¦' and afloat,, an '. increase - of
1,400,000; net decrease," 2.404,000 bushels. - - .
¦ The Chicago market, was dull and apathetic,
and- there' was not. much. ,' news. " The weather
continued favorable for the growing crop. , Sev
eral sections reported deliveries from i the win
ter Wheat belt increasing and there, was some
demand for exports . ' . i ' . . ¦/'.- - '- --. -.:¦
This market continued quiet, ( with a . frac
tional decline, both on and off call. •
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 13%; . milling.
$l<I5®l"17%;per ctl . " r* "¦• " -•"¦.¦"'. '-
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges,. $l®3 50.
according to size and quality; Seedlings. $1 25
@2r Mediterranean Sweets. $1@2 50; St. Mich
aels, $1 75@2; Valencias. ?2 50@3 50; Malta
Blood Oranges, $1 50@2; Tangerines, in quar
ter boxes, 75c@*l and $1 25@1 50 in half boxes:
Lemons, 50c@$l for common and $1 25@1 75
for. good to choice and $2@2 50 for fancy: Grape
Fruit. ,5c@?2: Mexican Limes. $4@4 50; Ba
nana . 8 A * 2 2 s ® 3 Per bunch for New Orleans and
?t <o@2 for Hawaiian; Pineapples, S3@4 per
dozen. •> • ...
CHERRIES— White, 35@€3c per drawer; - In
bulk. 3@4c; Black. 70® 85c per box and drawer
and 5@7c In bulk.
: ' STRAWBERRIES — $4® 6 per chest for Long
worths and $2 50@4.for Mallndas; crates from
Watsonvllte, ; from Florin. 50©75c. •
' GOOSEBERRIES— 25@35c per drawer; Eng
lish, 75c, - '
APPLES— $1@2 50- per box. according to
quality. - . . ,
fancy offerings of all descriptions bring good
prices. Mediterranean Sweets and * Valencias
were ' wanted " for 'shipping and j the i market : Is
well cleaned up on these kinds. Two cars are
announced -for to-day's, auction. "
THE SAN FRANCISCO fic^ WEDNESDAY, MAYi 2 1 V 1902;
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
EASTERN MARKETS.
STOCK MARKET.
New York Grain and Produce.
LOCAL MARKETS,
Continued on Page Eleven.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
"¦¦ The pressure still continues low . over ¦ the
larper portion of the country and the weather
Is far from . being settled. During the past
Chicago Grain - and 'Produce.
8
6TATI0XS.
|
?
te s o
H *\
Ea S3 ?s
!' I 1 8
? ? :
ro
!!
*3
o
Astoria 2B.78
Canbr 29.02
Carton 29.82
Eureka 30.02
Fresno 29.82
Helena 29.78
Poc*U>Ilo. Ida.2».74
Independence .29.70
Los Angeles.. 29. 90
Plioerlx 29.78
Portland 29.92
Bed Bluff 2&.S4
Rostburgr 30.02
Saersmer.to . .29.S4
Salt Lake 29.76
Saa Francisco. 29. 04
6. L Obispo.29.ftfl
San Diego ...29.00
Seattle 29.88
Spokane .....29.70
Neah Bay ...29.82
Walla Walla.. 29. 80
TVinnemucca .20.78
Tuma 29.78
44 40
54 SO
54 26
54 46
76 46
48 24
42 38
0(5 34
66 48
76 50
52 48
CS 50
52 46
OS 50
52 40
58 50
66 30
C2 50
60 48
CO 46
56 46
50 46
48 36
78 52
E
SW
sw
N
w
s
w
sw
s
sw
SE
NW
B'
SW
W
W
W
8
SW
SW
. s -'
sw
w
Rain .22
Cloudy .00
Cloudy .00
Cloudy .00
Clear .00
Pt Cldy .00
Rain .62
Pt Cldy .00'
Clear .00
Clear .00
Cloudy .12
Pt Cldy ,00
Rain .20
Cloudy .CO
Cloudy .02
Pt Cldy 100
Clear ¦ .00
Clear .00
Rain T.
Rain "- .18
Cloudy .00
Rain .60
Cloudy - .00
Clear .00
Temperature at 7 a. m., 52.
6TATI0XS.
|
?
te s o
H *\
Ea S3 ?s
!' I 1 8
? ? :
ro
!!
*3
o
Astoria 2B.78
Canbr 29.02
Carton 29.82
Eureka 30.02
Fresno 29.82
Helena 29.78
Poc*U>Ilo. Ida.2».74
Independence .29.70
Los Angeles.. 29. 90
Plioerlx 29.78
Portland 29.92
Bed Bluff 2&.S4
Rostburgr 30.02
Saersmer.to . .29.S4
Salt Lake 29.76
Saa Francisco. 29. 04
6. L Obispo.29.ftfl
San Diego ...29.00
Seattle 29.88
Spokane .....29.70
Neah Bay ...29.82
Walla Walla.. 29. 80
TVinnemucca .20.78
Tuma 29.78
44 40
54 SO
54 26
54 46
76 46
48 24
42 38
0(5 34
66 48
76 50
52 48
CS 50
52 46
OS 50
52 40
58 50
66 30
C2 50
60 48
CO 46
56 46
50 46
48 36
78 52
E
SW
sw
N
w
s
w
sw
s
sw
SE
NW
B'
SW
W
W
W
8
SW
SW
. s -'
sw
w
Rain .22
Cloudy .00
Cloudy .00
Cloudy .00
Clear .00
Pt Cldy .00
Rain .62
Pt Cldy .00'
Clear .00
Clear .00
Cloudy .12
Pt Cldy ,00
Rain .20
Cloudy .CO
Cloudy .02
Pt Cldy 100
Clear ¦ .00
Clear .00
Rain T.
Rain "- .18
Cloudy .00
Rain .60
Cloudy - .00
Clear .00
Temperature at 7 a. m., 52.
AUCTION SALES
AUCTION SALE
• OF — —
150 Head of BROKE HORSES,
Suitable for Milk Wagons, Ex-
m press, Bakery and General
r All Purposes. Matched Spans
weighing from 950 to 1200.
This lot of horses is the FINAL of the GER- ¦
"MAN GOVERNMENT horses and MUST BS
SOLD, so as to be able to close the business.
To be sold on THURSDAY and FRIDAY.
May 22 and 23, 1902, at 11 a. m. at salesyard,
1732 Market street, corner Van Nesa avenue.
W. H. HORD,
• Livestock Auctioneer.
AUCTION SALE
NEXT TUESDAY. MAY 2TTH. AT 11 A. M..
1 Witt Sell
FORTY FINE HORSES,
Weighing from 1000 to 1300, sired by Almon-
ltlon 2:24*t, Bay Rose 2:20% and Alonzo Hay-
ward, out of choice Trotting mares. They were /
bred at the Alisal Ranch, Santa Barbara, and '
Include many fine drivers. Also Carriages.
Buggies and Three-Seaters. Send for catalogue.
- OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE.
WM. G.-LAYNQ. Auctioneer. 248 Third «t.
Auction sale at Arcad« Horse Market. S2f -
Stxth St.. WEDNESDAY. May 21. at 11
a. m. I -will sell 30 head of sound, youns
horses from San Carlos Stock Farm. Thes«
horses are from 5 to 8 years old and weigh
from 1000 to 1500 pounds. Horses can be
seen at stables. JOHN J. DOYLE. Livestock:
Auctioneer. • .The Secretars' of the. Treasury has is
sued a new regulation governing the ad
mission of Chinese laborers returning to
this country. Heretofore the rule haa
been that a Chinese laborer In the United
States intending to leave this' country for
a visit to China, with the intention of re
turning:, should at least thirty days be
fore departure apply; to the Collector of
the Port for a certificate entitling him to
return. Tho application for such certifi
cate must state certain fact*. The new
rule provides that these certificates may
bo granted upon the bare application, and
that ninety- days prior to the •' return- to
the United States the applicant shall no
tify the Collector at the port of return of
such intention, and his proof of the re
quired fact that he has a lawful wife or
child or parent in the United States, or
$1000 worth of property here or debts of
like amount due him here. This notice
beforehand gives the Collector sufficient
time to Investigate before the arrival of
the Chinese laborer, so that there will not
ht any unnecessary delay In his landing.
Under the old rule the investigation was
made before the coolie was allowed 'to
leave the United States. • - •
NEW REGULATION FOR '
RETURNING CHINESE
AXGELS CAMP, May 20.— Bozo Obllovich.
while . working in the Stickle mine here last
nlKht. walked into a blast and wa« killed.
MASONS ' CELEBRATE
GOLDEN ANNIVERSARY
Occidental Lodge Gives . a Reception,
Banquet and Dance in Golden
Gate Hall.
Occidental Lodge No. 22, F. and A. M.,
celebrated its golden anniversary In Gold
en Gate Hall last night by a reception,
banquet and ball. The lodge was instituted
May 20, 1852, and has the distinction of
being the first Masonic lodge receiving a
charter from the Grand, Lodge of Califor
nia without previous dispensation issuing.
After the banquet Charles H. Murphy,
the worshipful' master, made a short ad
dress end called on B. B. Flnt, William S.
Moses, Frank McGowan ajid-R.. W. Os
born for responses -to the several toasts.
'The follpwingr' vocal" numbers were ren
dered, in addition to the instrumental se
lections given by.an orchestra: Barytone
solo, Joseph Fleming; song and story,
Llpyd. Spencer; soprano solo, Miss Grace
I. Davis; tenor solo. Dr. R. W. Smith;
trio,. Miss Grace Davis, Dr. R. W. Smith,
Joseph Fleming.
• The -banquet was > followed by dancing.
MISS WETJEN BECOMES .. '> .
BRIDE OF- ARMY OFFICER
Lieutenant Steunenberg Comes Here
From Idaho to Claim His
Promised Wife.
Under the flag he has served »o well
George Steunenberg, U. 8. A., wasr mar
rjed,last night to Miss Cordelia L. Wetjen,
who Is recognized as the finest whistler
in the State. Lieutenant Steunenberg is
the brother of former Governor Steunen
berg of- Boise City, Idaho, and made a
record for himself . during three years'
service in- the Philippines. The bride,
who Is a daughter of Cord Wetjen,. is 'a
petite brunette of! exceptional beauty.
The happy couple start to-day -for Fort
Meade, where Lieutenant Steunenberg'a
regiment, the Thirteenth Cavalry, Is sta
tioned. '' ' . - " ' ¦
The parlors of the home of the bride's
parents, 708 Capp street, where the mar
riage took place, were beautlfullv deco
rated, yellow prevailing. The Rev, James
N. . Beard, pastor of Grace M. e.
Church, officiated. Guy Shoup waa beat
man and Miss Catherine Wetjen was the
maid of honor. Those present were- Mr
and Mrs. Cord H. -Wetjen^Mlss Uzzette
Wetjen. Miss Catherine Wetjen, Miss L
E. Purlngton, Miss Gladys Houpt Mr
and Mrs. Egert. Mrs. Albert Relriers,' Mis'
S. Osterman, Guy- Shoup . and Robert
Burns, a prominent. Knight of Pythias
from Auburn. .
O'Donnell Is Held to Answer;
Judge Cabanlss yesterday denied the
motion of Attorney Archie Campbell to
strike out the testimony In. the case of
William E. O'Donnell, charged* with an
assault upon | Thomas Garrett, and also
denied his : motion to dismiss. He then
held the defendant to answer before the
Superior Court in $1000 bonds or $500 cash.
When the case of F. W." Me Williams,
alias Crothers, changed with errand lar
ceny, was called in Judge Mogan's court
yesterday ex-Judge Low asked for a con
tinuance till Saturday, as Mrs. Elizabeth
S. Darling, who Is i to testify | regarding
the alleged attempt at extortion • by
Policeman L. L. Levings. was still very
pick. Low said she would probably be
able to pive her testimony on lhat day.
The continuance was granted -on- Low's
assurance that • the case would then be
closed. '- ¦ ¦
Mrs. Darling Is Still Sick.
Piazzoni Turns Out Clever' Artists
. Whose Paintings and Sketches
Win General Admiration.
Piazzoni's studio, 609 Sacramento, street,
was the scene of much animation yester
day, the students and friends of the
painter having_ gathered to hear the
sward of honors to the young artists. ,'M.
T. Martinez and A. Putnam were the
judges, and the following were those who'
won their approval:' ..• ¦ // •
Day class. Life class— First mention,
Theodore Keane; second mention, Miss
M. A. Trevis. ' - s ' -• . "V:\ . ,
Sketches from life*-Honorable mention,
Miss Jessie .Wood. ¦ .
Still life— First mention, Miss M. ; A.
Trevis; second mention, Theodore Keane;
third mention, N. H. McGllyary.
Composition class — Honorable mention.
Miss M.A. Travis. . ¦ ¦ .-¦:¦
Outdoor sketch class— Honorable men
tion,' N. H. McGHvary. ¦
Portrait class— First mention. Charles
Vierra; second mention, N. H. McGilvary.
Costume class— First mention,. F. Small;
second -mention,- Theodore Keane. '•
Night class. ••¦ Drawing : from -life — First
mention, Fred Small;.- second:-.-; mention,
Charles Vlerra; third- mention,- George
Switzer. ¦"¦¦'' <•—> :¦ ' •.;.-«.-¦"• •
General work and sketching of animal
life— Honorable mention, Theodore Keane
General work— Honorable. mention, Todd
Hunter. ' ¦ . '
The exhibition will remain open to "the
public until Saturday.
PUPILS WIN APPROVAL
. FOR ARTISTIC WORK
Diamond Palace Incorporates.
The A. Andrews Diamond Palace was
incorporated ! yesterday for $100,000. The
directors are A. Andrews, Mrs. Emma C.
Andrews, Samuel Baker. John Beckett
and Joseph D. Abrams. A. Andrews ha*
subscribed $99,980 of the capital stock.
J. W. McDonald, one of the men who
were hiding behind the door In Mrs.'
Darling's house when the alleged offer
was made, testified that he heard Lev
irgrs attempt to extort hash money from
Mrs. Darling. ¦ <¦¦¦•¦¦ .-• : " •
August Augenblick, . in whose employ
Crothers was at the time of his arrest,
testified that Levlngs came to him and
asked him to advise Mrs. Darling to
"square" the case with him for $150, $i>0
of which amount, he' said, was to be paid
to the Judsre.* ¦ .')... :
Chief of Police Wittman testified that
he ordered Levlngs to charge the defend
ant after' he found out that the officer
had kept the prisoner on the detinue book
for several days. Chief Wittman stated
that it was an ordinary case, such as
street officers are called upon to prosecute
from time to time, and after he ordered
Levlngs to charge the defendant he heard
nothing more about It until the night Lev
ings called him out of the meeting of th2
Police Commissioners and told him that
Mrs. Darling and-her friends were trying
to job him. Chief Wittman further testi
fied -that at that time he told Levlngs ha
would expect him to prosecute the case
diligently and that if there was any Jo'o
in it it would come out in court. ' ¦
Levings' Case Before Grand Jury.
The case of Policeman L. L. Levlng«,
charged with having attempted to extort
money to "square" a case of grand lar
ceny against J. P. Crothers, alias Mc-
Willlams, -came up for hearing yesterday
before the Grand Jury. ¦ - '
George L. Adams, an ex-convict, was
convicted by a jury In Judge Lawlor'a
court yesterday of burglary In the second
degree and will be sentenced Saturday.
He broke into the room of Sum Choy Sun,
a Chinese, at 14 Washington, alley. Feb
ruary 24 and stole a quantity of silk
clothing.
The case of Charles Pelbenburg, charged
with robbery, was called for trial in Judge
Cook's court yesterday. He was accused
of having stolen $255 from P. Hauk, a resi
dent of Oakland, at Bush and Montgom
ery streets, on September 16. The loss of
his money so preyed upon Hauk's mind
that he had to be sent to the Napa Insans
Asylum. District Attorney Bylngton ask
ed for a continuance for a month, as he
was «led to' understand' that Hauk Would
be all right by that time, but the Judge,
after reading Hauk's testimony at the
firellmlnary examination, Instructed the
ury that had been impaneled to return a
verdict of not guilty, which it did without
leaving the box.
John J. McCann pleaded guilty In Judge
Cook's court yesterday to a charge of
robbery and was ordered to appear for
sentence on May 24, when Harry J. Smith,
convicted by a jury of the same offense,'
will also appear for sentence. The two
men were charged with holding . up G.
Mercadier, an old Frenchman, at Califor
nia and Dupont streets and taking a gold
watch from him. . > . .
George Adams Is Convicted
of Burglary.
Charles Peibenburg Is Acquitted and
McCANN PLEADS GUILTY
TO ROBBERY CHARGE
Frank Jones, who resides at 2616 Seven
teenth street, was booked at the Seven-;
teenth street police station yesterday ori
a charge of assault with a deadly weapon.
Jones returned from work yesterday ev«n-i
Ing and proceeded to quarrel with hia
wife. She made some resistance and Jones
beat her severely with the butt end of;
an ax. - . ; , v
Ax-Wielder Arrested.
The case of Patrolman L L Levlngs,
who is charged with offering to "square"
a case for $150, was postponed . until next
Monday afternoon at 3 o'clock. Levlng3
pleaded for more time and the commis
sion granted his request.
William Lyons, who conducts a saloon
at 218 Post street, was granted a renewal
of his license without a dissenting- voice
on the board. An application to revoke
his present license was summarily dis
missed. ' ".
Chief Wlttman has heretofore objected
to the enforcement of this rule owing to
the smallness of the department. The
Commissioners, however, hope for an In
crease in the force in the near future.
At a meeting of the Police Commission
ers, held last evening, it was decided that
eight hours, as provided by the charter
and a State law, should constitute a day's
service for patrolmen. The order will go
into effect June 1.
EIGHT HOURS A DAY .'
FOR THE PATROLMEN
OAKLAND, May 20. — Licenses, to marry
were issued to-day to John J. Stare,, aged
45, and Mary K. Mitchell, aged 32, both of
Oakland; Reynold Reynaud, 26. and
Clemence Derbec, 33, both of San Fran,-,
Cisco; Ralph L. Snell, 29, and Emma.
Chamberlain. 25, both of Fresno; Davi:l
A. Dickie. 22, and Muriel E. Swain. 21.
both of Alameda; W. Percy Campbell, So.
and Marie Molar, 20, both of San Fran?
Cisco. : . .
• Licensed to Marry.
' Louis D. Blondln, Will Pratt Bush, Valde
mar Cavalsky, John Frank Croone, William
Burr Corliss, Joseph H. Curless, John' Erastus
Christie, Ernest Pavld - Colburn, Frederick
Hugh Camp, Wallace W. Chapman, Henry,
Schwartze. Davis, Charlie Fong (Fong Tse
King), Sllae Henry Frazier, Louie Edgar Gra
ham, Irvin Washington Hays, N. Adln Harris, 1
M. F. K. . Harms. Henry . Claus' Huck, Jesse
Kelson Hackney, George R. Harris, John Wal
ter Johnson, George Palmer Lovejoy, Henry
Lau Yut Dong, James B. Landon (Leung Ting
Mai), Herman H. Long, Frank Temple Lamb,
M.D. , Willard Reginald Lamb, ' Charles M.
Lindsay, Carl M. Lee (Lee-Ylng Wah), Peter
Mctcalfe, James Nordlynd, Yosaku Oya, Paul
Otto Puck, Fred Adams Plymlre, William Al
bert Root, Mllford Heber Schord, Ralph H.
Schwartz. Francis Trowbrldge Snow, Benja
min Franklin Stoll, Ira Gardner Shaw, Shutchl
Ernest Tatuuguchl, Jasper Jerome Walk, Roy
Berton Wright, Charles Henry Whltley, George
Martin Wood, S. Cline Force.
James W. Gerow, Frederick G. Hall, Walter
Cottey Harvey, Le Grand Spauldlng, F. G. de
Stone, R. Munda- Sinclair.
Those who secured the degree of D. D.
S. were:
Faculty march, orchestra; invocation. Rev.
William Rader; selections, , Knickerbocker
Quertet; conferring of degrees, by President,
D Maclean, M. D. ; vocal solo- : -"Star-Spangled
Banner." Miss Adeline Birchle'r; address. Rev.
William Rader; selections, I Knickerbocker
Quartet: dramatic reading, Margaret Barry;
"Auld Lane Syne." H. M. Owens presided. .
The medical graduates were;
The commencement exercises for classes
cf - 1902 of the California Medical College
and the San Francisco Dental College
were held last night at Metropolitan Hall.
The following order of exercises was fol-,
lowed: • . -.
the California Medical and San
Francisco Dental Colleges.
Annual Commencement Exercises of
' . Mrs. -.M<»rrall 'was asslste'd • in- r>celvlnR
riy.her: qharmlni-r, dausrhtfMv. Litt.1*. Mtea
Lucile Sleeper shared^ attention with the
rniestf of honor,' Mrs. C, A. Beals- and
Mipp F/. A. Cleveland, formerly, of the
High School faculty. - ¦••••• ¦ .--•; ¦ \
Letters were read from Mrs. E. W. Mc-
K>nzle of Atlanta City. N. J.: Miss Eliza
beth C. B"nn#»r, Florence. Italy, and iMrs
ae.str.ud«t> Hall- of -Fairbanks, -Mendocino
County., ....-¦ ¦¦....-, .....¦-¦'.,•'¦..¦ ,. . ...¦.,'
Those present were: Mrs. 'Addle : Chap'n
Sleeper. M!«s Ella A. Clark. Miss Mary I.
Connell, . Ml«s : - -Mary . Ef. Donnelly. Mrs.
Minn!* Harris Hollia. Mrs. .Matilda. Lip
man Enkle. Mrs. Pauline Raphael Myers,
Mrs. AUce St. John Smitten and Mrs.
Franc Steuart Blood.
Mrs. J. H. Merrall entertained her class
mates of the San Francisco. Girls' High
School at her home In Berkeley, last Sat
urday afternoon. The rooms , were : em
bowered ln*:the most exriulsite. roses and
durlne the afternoon refreshments were
served. Considerable merriment was oc
casioned by the hostess reading from her
Bcrapbook the sentiments inscribed by
her guests during their school days.
The marrlape of Mrs. Auguste F. Martin
and George H. Foulkes, whose engage
ment'was announced a short time ago,
will take place the second Monday in June
at the Berkshire Hotel. . ..
' At the 'annual election of * the Sorosis
Club on Monday Mrs. L, L. Dunbar was
elected as president and the former presi
dent, Mrs. -W. B. Harrington., closed her
term with an appropriate address. The
other new officers are: First vice presi
dent, Mrs. A. H. Vail;. second vice presi
dent. Mrs. M. R. Higglns; third vice presf
dent. Mrs! Charles S. Wheeler; fourth vice
presidents Mrs. F. A. Sanborn: treasurer,
Mrs,, Harry Nathaniel Gray, correspond
ing secretary. Mrs- WUHanr H. Shaw; re
cording secretary. .Mrs. Eli Llewellyn.
Mr. and Mrs. Gilbert Brooke • Perkins
have returned from their wedding trip"
and were tendered a theater party, by the
bride's mother, Mrs. H. E. Huntington.
Monday evening. Mr. end*. Mrs. Perking
¦left last evening in. their private car for
New York City, where they have taken
apartments for the summer at the Hotel
Majestic. • •• ¦ •
Mrs. Lovell White will open -her sum
mer home, "the Arches," at Mill •Valley
to-morrow. ¦ ' ' '. ••'• : ••
Miss Marlon Howard Brazier, editor of
the Patriotic Review In Boston, was en
tertained on Mount Tamalpais yesterday
by Mrs. Lovell White.- The party com
prised 'a number of • bright women,, who
were delegates at the recent convention
and are sojourning in the city before re
turning, to the East. The day was per
fect. The party . was delightfully enter
tained. ' ;•'-
The California Glub held. its last.ses
slon yesterday for the summer. The
afternoon 'was in charge of the,. civic de
partment and the . principal ' feature was
an address by Mrs.- Herman Hall of Chi
cago upon- "Municipal Art." Mrs. Hall
figured prominently in-' the interesting
sessions of the convention at.Los Angeles
and Is being entertained }n this city on
her way home. Heir original ideas and
clever sayings were: thoroughly appre
ciated ' by her audience. Other Eastern
delegates were called upon and lent much
pleasure to the programme, among them
being Mrs. Daniel Sherard of Redlands,
formerly of Chicago. An informal recep
tion followed the programme. .. • < _ -¦-
DENTAL AND MEDICAL "! '
STUDENTS ARE GRADUATED
CLUB MEMBERS
ENJOY TALK ON
MUNICIPAL ART
Others on the programme were, Lew
Sully, Mr. and Mrs. Gardner Crane, Jesse
Dale and Francis Graham.
Ferris Hartman, Edward Webb and
Harry Cashman. the Tlvoli stars, cleverly
rendered a selection from "The Singing
Girl."
The annual benefit for the charity fund
of San Francisco Lodge No. 3 of the
Order of Elks was held last night at the
Grand Oper"a-house. The best . available
talent from the different theaters took
part, and the entertainment attracted one
of the largest crowds that has. been se.en
at the Grand Opera-house in some time.
Edward Harrlgan, supported by his
strong company, -opened the programme
with the second act of "Old Lavender."
A juvenile ragtime Florodora sextet ap
peared in a rather clever imitation of the
Julia. Heinrich, the beautiful contralto,
•who recently appeared at the Orpheum,
rendered several songs, which -were well
received... " ¦ '.' " -"- • '.:'. ' '.' ':
•Georgle' Cooper, the petite soubrette
from the Central Theater, appeared in. a
vaudeville turn and made a tremendous
hit. She rendered a coon song, In which
she . Introduced two cute pickaninnies,
much to the. amusement of the audience.
Charles Williams came all the way from
San Jose to tell some funny stories, which
pave hls : versatility full sway. 'Mr. Wil
liams was also one of the hits on the bill.
Crowd to the urand Opera-
House. . .
Clever Entertainment Draws a Larga
ELKS' CHARITY FUND •*
BENEFIT SUCCESSFUL
The college orchestra will render at in-,
tervals a number of popular airs, under
the leadership of Rev. Father Allen. »
After the exercises will come the dis«
tributlon of ordinary prizes In the philo
sophical classes, to be followed by the
distribution of extraordinary prizes in th«»
academic and- collegiate courses. The pro-,
gramme will conclude with the conferring
of degrees and the readinjr of a valedlo-;
tory by a member of the graduating,
class. ' . . . -
Anthony J. Smith of the rhetoric cla3»
will deliver the Introduction, entitled "Da.
Scientlae Chlmlcae Laudibus." :.
On the evening of June 4 scientific ex
ercises will be held, during which Alfred
J. Cleary will lecture on "Combustlon"i
and Frauds J. Barrett on "Flame." Both
lectures will be Illustrated with expert-.
ments of an Interesting nature. The as
sistants in the experiments will be Fred
erick Churchill and Edward N. Foley. . :
Invitations have been extended for th8
forty-third annual commencement exer
cises of St. Ignatius College, which will
be held in the college hair Monday aiwl.
"Wednesday evenings, June 2 and 4. Mon
day evening' will be devoted to the liter
ary exercises of the grammar and higher
classes, and a specially selected pro
gramme has been prepared. '•,
Pupils of the Scientific Classes Will
Deliver Interesting Lectures Illus
trated With Experiments.
GRADUATING EXERCISES
OF ST. lONATlVS COLILEGE?
The moderator. Dr. Van Dyke, made an
address in response to the President's
speech. Prefiident Roosevelt remained
long enough to listen to the singing of a
evTiodical quartet from Tennessee. He
then went to the University Club,. ' .
That is one deed consummated to-day. Now
for the other. Ten days ago an appalling ca
lamity befell another portion of the West In
dian islands; territory belonging to two dif
ferent nations; Islands not under our flag; but
theJr need was great and this people eaw the
need end met it as quickly as possible. Co*i
gr«-*s at once appropriated large euma of
raorey. They were augmented by private gifts.
And. gentlemen. I find, as usual, that the
army and the navy were the instruments
through whfch the work could be done. The
minute I wanted men who could drop the
work they were engaged upon, assured that
neither pestilence nor volcano would make
them swerve from their duty, men of unques
tlor.able integrity. I turned to the army and
navy, and we sent them to the stricken Islands.
I am sure you all feel proud that ship* bear
ing the American flag should be among the
first, I think the very first, to take relief to
those overtekfn by so appalling a disaster.
More anarchy and ruin would have been be
fore the island if we had -been 5atlsfled with
the victories of war and left its people to ehift
tor themselves. For four years our representa
tives in the Island have been representatives
largely of the army. I sometimes hear the
army attacked, and I have even heard mission
aries attacked.. Still when great work is to be
clone In peace or war. it is good to have the
army to depend upon. Our representatives
worked to build up the school system, to es
tablish sanitary measures, to preserve order
and prepare for the starting of Industries, that
the new government might begin with the
chances in its favor. JCow, as a nation, we
bid it Godspeed and we intend to see it has all
the aid we can give it. I trust and believe our
pccple in the national Legislature will see to
it shortly that they have the advantage of en
tering into peculiarly close relations with our
economic eyrtem.
Coming up here to-night I made up my mind
to speak to you of the manifestations of the
epirit of national righteousness, of something
that has taken place this day, and something
that has happened within ten days; of the
action of this nation which culminated in the
L-reation to-day and in starting a new republic
on its course. That has represented four years'
work — blunderings and shortcomings in the
work, of course, and there were men of little
feJth who only saw the shortcomings and
blunders — but it represents work triumphantly
don*. We have the right to feel proud that
we have kept every pledge to the letter and
established a new national precedent. I don't
remember another euch case — and I have
searched for one with care — a . case where, as
the result of euch a war. the victorious nation
has contented itself by- starting a new nation,
tree on the difficult path of self-government.
The criticism of those who live softly, re
•note from strife, Is of little value; but it would
be difficult to overestimate the value of the
missionary work, cf those who go oucto share
iht hardship, and while sharing it to wage war
6gainst the myriad forms of brutality. It is
euch missionary work which prevents the pio
neere from einking perilously near the level of
the eavajrery against which they contend.
Without it the conquest of this continent would
have had little but an animal side. Without
it the pioneers' fierce and rude virtues and
somber faults would have been left unlit by
the flame of pure and loving aspiration. With
out it the life of this country would- have been
a life of inconceivably hard and barren ma
terialism. Because of it deep beneath and
through the national character there runs that
power of firm adherence- to a lofty ideal upon
which the safety of the nation will ultimately
dpp»nd.
Honor, thrice honor to those who for three
eeneratiens. during the period of tbU people's
great expansion, have seen that the fires of
living truth expanded as the nation expanded.
They bore the burden and the heat of the day:
they toiled obscurely and died unknown that
we might come into a glorious heritage. Let
us prove the sincerity of our homage to their
faith and their works by the way in which we
manfully carry toward completion what under
them was eo well begun.
But to-nijrht we celebrate a hundred year*
of mifsionury work done not Incidentally, but
with set purpose*; a hundred years of earnest
effort to spread abroad ttre eoEpel, to lay deep
the moral foundation upon which true nation- 1
al greatness must rest. The century that has
closed ha* eeen the conquest of this continent
by. our people. To conquer a continent is
roueh work. All really great work is rough
in the doing, though it may seem smooth
enough to those who look back upon it, or who
gaze upon it from afar. Thoroughness is an
unavoidable uart of the doing of the deed.
We need display but scant patience with those
who, sittinK at e*se in their own homes, de
light to exercise a querulous and censorious
part of judgment upon their brethren, who,
whatever their shortcomings, are doing strong
men's work. as they bring the light of. civili
zation into the world's dark places.
It is a pleasure on behalf of the people of
the United States to bid you welcome on this
hundredth anniversary of the beginning of or
ganized home missionary wprk by the Pres
byterian church. In one sense, of course, all
fervent and earntst church work is a part of
home tnifcsionHry work. Every earnest and
zealous believer, every man or woman who is
a doer or the Word, and net a hearer only, is
a isielcnc missionary' in his or her ' field of
labor. — a missionary by precept, and by what
is a thousandfold more than precept, by prac
tice. Every such believer exerts influence on*
th^se within reach, eornewhat by word and
infinitely more through the ceaseleES, j-et well
nigh unseen iiressure, all the stronger when
its exercise is unconscious, of example," of
broad, loving, charitable neitrhtKtrllness.
PRESIDENT'S ADDRESS.
When the President stepped to the front
of the platform he was interrupted by the
flashlight of a photographer. As the
emcke blew across the stage he laughed
and said: "There goes the mystery now,"
referring to the mystery of tne creed. H«
Bald:
When President Roosevelt took his seat
on the platform he received a great ova
tion. When the applause died away Mr.
Roosevelt took his seat between the Rev.
Dr. Van Dyke and the Rev. Dr. Stewart
Dodge, who was presiding. A choir of 125
voices from the different Presbyterian
churches sang the hymn, "Ye Servants of
God. Your Master Proclaim," and tho
Prc-Eident sang with them. In introducing
President Roosevelt Dr. Dodge said that
no man kr.ew better than the President
the importance to the nation of the good
work of the home missions.
In the parquet sat the commissioners of
the General Assembly with as many of
their friends as could be crowded in. The
two tiers of boxes were filled with men
and woman who are leaders in metropoli
tan Pfesbyterianism and others interest
ed in the meeting.
NEW YORK, May 20.-k:arnegie Hall
was crowded to the doors to-night with
an audience eager to hear the address of
President Roosevelt in the Interest of
Presbyterian home missions, the 'occasion
marking the close of the centennial cele
bration. Many of the audience remember
ed that Presidents Cleveland and Har
rison had made addresses from the same
jiiatform on the same subject.
Achievements of Religious
Workers Are Highly
Praised.
Some of the rounders and roughs-.im
ported by the Gageltes are "broke"- and
have approached the . successful candl
dctes for transportation to San Francisco.
They were all provided with return tick
ets, but so confident were they of Mac
kenzie winning that they" sold their tick
ets oii arrival -here, believing that with
victory the Harbor Commissioner- would
readily i give up money. Since his defeat
Mackenzie refuses to see things that way,
and unless friends come, forward to their
aid tbeymay have to count -the ties be
tween here, and home. ¦ : •> ~ . ,.-..., "
A corrected compilation "of the election
returns places. Worswlck's plurality at
S22; Belloli, for City, Clerk, has a majority
of 93; McGeoghegari, for Treasurer, 250;
Matthews, for -Councilman at large, 480;
Murray,, for. Councilman In- the First
Ward, 480, and Hubbard, in,, the Fourth
Ward, 459. - . • .
Petitions are now . being circulated by
the league for primaries throughout the
county, and but. a. few hundred names are
lucking of the 8000 necessary to ! compel
the Supervisors to issue a call for pri
maries. Heretofore the Mackenzleites
have named their delegates to the conven
tions, but with primaries in the orchard
districts Johnnie Mackenzie will .not be
able to controlthe nominations for county
offices. As it is now, the Board of Super
vlsors^ls against him. ¦¦ " ' - . • ¦ • -•
Yesterday's election points 'to a com
plete victory for the preform forces in tho
county election next autumn. Four years
ago . the Republican Good Government
League . placed a ticket 'in the field and
scored a victory. The "gang" captured
the offices of . Sheriff and Supervisors
only." The Good • Government' -League's
great strength lies in the country, aince
the. last county 'election the reformers
have captured San Jose, and this victory
assures them complete control in the fall.
Now that the peoplehave crushed Mac
kenzie and his crowd and repudiated the
Gage machine, Ban Jose's citizens expect
a • prosperous • era. ; Even to-day there
seemed a'brightening for the city's good,
and every one is confident better times is
in store. -.' V ." ; ,\. - ,. . . .
I SAN. JOSE/ May : >20.— There/ we're- broad
smjles on the countenances. of. 'San' Josea'ris
torday, arid, while "the 'yell of victory
which awoke the city last night because
the yoke of bossism had been thrown off
was not heard, there was great jubilation
of. a less vociferous order. San Jose is
preparing to make a new. start, now that
the reign of Mackenzie is ended. Reports
of. corruption In • municipal affairs for
years have . hindered the^city and- kept
thousands of prospective residents; away.
Throughout the State Ban -Jose's Vcondi
tion was a byword, arid other cities have
used its odium: to' keep intending settlers
from coming here. /Tfte advertising done
by " the Santa Clara County:.Improvement
Club and kindred organizations to attract
investing capital and. population has been
re-nderea in a. measure .futile, by the no
toriety its politicians have, given the city,
Special Dispatch to' The. Call.
Judge Hall divorced Maybelle Louise
Harmon from Willis H. Harmon on the
ground of desertion. She is allowed to.
resume her maiden name of Maybelle
Louise Pickering. • , . .
Mary E. Casaurang began suit against
Frank C. Casaurang. a dairyman, on the
ground of extreme cruelty. She charges
that he beat her with his fists and called
her unkind names. They were married
in 1879 and have nine children.
Carried away with the belief that she
would make a successful actress and flat
tered by the advice of friends she one
day Informed her husband that she was
going to New York to study for the stage.
She went and won a measure of success
and now refuses to return. She is a mem
ber of one of Frohman's companies, in
which she takes subordinate parts. The
last the husband heard of her she was in
Boston. Her stage name Is Myrtle Cooper
Treeh.
Mr. Rand provided his young wife with
a pretty home at Piedmont, where they
lived In happiness for little more than a
year. Then the wife began to grow rest
less. She pined for excitement and at
last the stage struck her fancy.
The Rands were married in April, 1803.
She was Miss Myrtle Cooper, daughter of
a San Francisco merchant, who lost hi3
life in a railroad accident eight years ago.
She lived with her wealthy aunt, Mrs.
Cyrus Damm, of this city and went a
good deal in society.
The seductive Influences of the stags
have charmed a wife away from the side
of David H. Rand, a clerk in the office of
the Oakland Transit Consolidated. AllureJ
by the meteoric successes of some of the
histrionic stars of the country, Mrs. Myr
tle Cooper Rand abjured home and hud
band, hoping to follow in the footsteps o*
her more fortunate sisters. Now she is
defendant in a divorce suit begun to-day
by her husband in the Superior Court.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
.1113 Broadway, May 20.
All marshals when they arrive at the po}nt of
rest will report immediately to grand marshal
for orders. The line of march will b« out Mar
ket street and up Larktn to the .Pavilion. Team
sters and railway men will. form at the temple
on Turk street and march down Taylor to Mar
ket, down Sixth to Mission, Mission' to Fifth,
up Fifth to their, point of rest. " , .'
The grand marshal's headquarters will be at
the southwest corner of Fifth and Market
streets. Grand marshal's orders to marshals of
divisions are: - . .
Wool Sorters and Graders on tb* east side of
Fifth street, right resting on Laundry Workers.
Beer Bottlers on the north sid* of Minna
street, right resting on Fifth.
Assistant Undertakers on the south side of
Minn* street, left resting on Fifth.
Teamsters on the west side of Fifth street,
left restirrg on Market.
Hackmen on the north side of Stevenson
street, left resting on Fifth.
Laundry Wagon Drivers on the north side of
Mint avenue, left resting on Fifth street. . .
/Beer Drivers on the east side of Fifth street.
' Milk Wagon Drivers on south side of Mint
avenue, right resting on Fifth street.
Retail Delivery Drivers In front of Mint,
right resting, on Mission street.
Plledrivers on the north side of Mis3lon street,
left resting on Fifth. • .
Stablemen on the north side of Mission street,
right resting on Mint avenue. ..
Allied Printing Trades on the south side of
Mission street, right resting on Fifth. ¦ .
Varnishers and Polishers on the east side of
Fifth street, right resting on Minna. ;
Porters and Packers on the south side of
Mission street, left resting on Mary street.
Cooks and Walters on Mint avenue, right
resting on Mission street. - • •
Bakers on Mint avenue, right 'resting on
Cooks and Walters. ' .
Shoe Repairers on Mint avenue, right resting
on Bakers.
Laborers' Protective Association, on the
north side of Mission street, right resting on
Fifth. , . -
Carpenters on the south side of . Mission
street, left resting on Fifth. •
Steam Laundry Workers on the east side of
Fifth street, right resting on Mission,
Teamsters, Gus Harders marshal; Hackmen,
J. O'Kane marshal; Laundry Wagon Drivers,
P. Tamony marshal;. Beer Drivers, R. Speck
marshal; Milk Drivers. W. E.. Little marshal;
Retail Delivery Drivers, George Shepston mar
shal; Pile Drivers.' J. P. B. Jones marshal;
Stablemen, C. P. Monroe marshal; Allied Print-
Ing Trades, Q. M. Jones marshal; Bookbinders,
W. A. Ke.»sler marshal; Varnlshers and polish
ers, "J. Tuite marshal; Porters and Packers,
George Duffy marshal; Shoe Workers No. 216,
George Gallagher; Bakers, George Stein mar
shal; Shoe Workers 279, John Grace marshal;
Beer Bottlers. G. - Gantert marshal ; Cooks and
Waiters. J. H. Beckhusen marshal; Assistant
Undertakers. H. Beresford marshal; Stationary
Engineers. A. H. Ewell marshal.
The formation of the parade will be as
follows: • -
Street Railway Employes on the east side of
Fifth street, right resting on Market,
Barbers on the north aide of , Jessie street,
right resting on Fifth.
.; Division. .; £;
ORDER IN LINE OF UNIONS
Street Railway Employes, R. Cornelius mar
shal-Barbers, J. J. Callshi. marshal; Laborers'
Protective Association-, T. Regan- \ marshal;
Carpenters T. Zant marshal ; . Steam " Laundry-
Workers, H. Clunie marshal; Wdol. Sorters and
Graders, H. Marks marshal. / ¦-.... . ¦,.
ORDER IN LINE OF UNIONS.
Michael Casey, grand marshal; Harry Knox,
chief aid. . . : ' .— .
Assistants — John McLaughlin. Joseph Galla
gher, P. H. Coyle,' M. "W. Coffey, T. F. Finn,
D.- T. Powers. .
First Division.
Spectacles more exciting or more truly
beautiful than that furnished last night
by the grand carnival at the Irish Fair
have seldom, If ever, been witnessed in
this city. From its commencement the
festival has been marked by many, scenes
that were Indeed ' spectacular, but the
coronation ceremony, and the triumphal
procession last night capped the climax.
The public evidently anticipated that the
carnival would result In an extraordinary
scene, as Mechanics' Pavilion was crowd
ed to its utmost.
The evening's programme was delight
fully inaugurated when 500 Woodmen of
the World, headed by a band'of fifteen
pieces and by a number of menrbers with
their axes and in full costume, marched
into the hall. When the Woodmen en
tered, the Pavilion was crowded, but
room was made for them and they parad
ed once around the building.
The special feature of the evening and
the event which the people had turned
out in such a vast crowd to witness was
the crowning of Miss Rita Curtis queen
of the Irish. Fair Carnival. This cere
mony was performed on a platform sit
uated ; in: the center of the floor of the
Pavilion. ¦ - • :\ .-..-., ¦_
When Queen Rita ascended her throne,
which was placed just beneath an im
mense Irish flag, Mayor Schmlti in a
gracious speech, in which he extolled the
achievements of the Irish' people, pre
sented the keys., of the fair to Michael
Casey, the prime minister., That .official
thereupon transferred them -to her" ma
jesty. Queen Rita was gowned in regal
robes made of white brocaded satin,
trimmed in gold, and" an ermine cape. She
made a very graceful queen, to whom.it
was a pleasure to acknowledge allegiance.
The little flower girls were dressed In
white and the pages In pink.
Queen Rita's court was graced by the
following maids of honor:
Miss Agnes Keadrick of Academy booth,
Miss Tesste O'Connor of SHro, Ml»« Helen GHn
den of Kilkenny, Mias Kathryn Flynn of Gal
way, Miss Hannah Murphy of Kerry and Miss
Fhllomena Cull of Limerick.
Carmellta Smith and Peter Norton were
pages and little Misses May and Alleen
Hurley were the flower girls. When the
ceremony of coronation, was over the
queen and her court led a promenade
around the Pavilicn. . The procession
stopped at Cork booth, where a reception
was held in honor, of Queen Rita, who was
elected from that booth.
To-night the labor unions will have their
inning and wijl endeavor to make a mem
orable display. It is expected that the
members will turn out several thousand
strong. The unions will march to the Pa
vilion under the leadership of Grand Mar
shal Casey. The procession will start at
the corner of Fifth i and Market streets.
The grand marshal has selected the fol
lowing aids: " ' . , -•
A unique reception occurred this after T
noon 'in the rotunda room, when the •mis
sionaries ¦:¦ from seven- foreign .countries
acted as hostesses. Each wore the-native
costume of the land from which she came,
and talked to. the guests about the pe
culiarities of that land's people. First,
five girls dressed as natives of India gave
a pantomime "performance under the di
rection of Mrs. Allen. Then Miss Scroggs
gave a short and interesting talk on her
experience with the people of Alaska.
The outside speakers who have been
here 8.0 far are Dr. Chapman of Los An
geles, who preached twice on Sunday and
again this evening, and Rev. Raymond C.
Brooks of the Pilgrim Congregational
Church of Oakland, who spoke last night.
The girls are entertaining a number of
faculty ladies from Berkeley and Stan
ford and several members of \ different
State committees, among them Mrs. W.
D. Wood of Seattle, Mrs. C. A. Dolph
Of Portland and Mrs. John Bley of Los
Angeles. ¦ ¦ ¦-- - ,
¦¦. The : three secretaries from the East are
sen.t' by the American committee, whose
headquarters is in Chicago. Miss Harriet
Taylor is the. general secretary. She. has
supervision over all general business and
religious matters. The ¦ work of Miss
Bertha Conde- lies especially with stu
dents: Miss Mary S. Dunn Is a city sec
retary. • -' " : .. ; - . ¦ : .
All the girls here are making the confer
ence an occasion' for a general gpod.tlme,
as well as- of religious instruction. Bible
leadersand secretaries occupy the morn
ing hours and noted outside speakers ad
dress the, meetings in the evening; but the
afternoons are devoted to recreation. Yes r
terday- and. to-day maiiy went surf bath
ing and played tennis. Many other-amuse
ments are already 'planned, including a
drive to the big trees and around Lake
Lomond, and a college day, where .each
girl will dress in fancy costume, wear her
college colors and display all the trophies
and /banners that are available. . -
; GAPIT.OLA, May 20.— The convention of
the, Young Women's Christian Association
of. ..the Pacific Coast States has attracted
more than 250 girls, mostly from the col
leges and normal schools, but. a few also
frpru*"the four city associations , on the"
cou&t. More than twenty different schools
and colleges are represented, many of
the delegates from Idaho, Washington
and Oregon, coming at considerable ex
pense to themselves . and their associa
tions. I . . . ¦•
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Solicitor General Richards replied to At
torney Miller, contending that the two
objections made to the order related to
two. powerful weapons of the "combina
tion or conspiracy of dressed meat deal
ers." Assistant United States Attorney
General Day .spoke to the same effect.
Judge Grosscup spoke at length before
giving his decision. He said that the
court would act no differently because
the Government is on one side and vast
business Interests on the other. It would
move slowly, and deliberately. The al
legations of the bill were reviewed at
length, and then the objeotlons raised by
Attorney Miller to the order were refer
red to. The court was of the opinion that
the contention was well grounded, for any
arrangement that tended to defeat the
"deadbeat" was for the advancement of
trade. In -conclusion, he said he did not
like the form of the order- of injunction,
submitted by the. District Attorney, and
that- while he would have to issue it,'
since no objection was raised by the de
fendants against its issue, he would draft
a new form. , . •- ; ' •;:' ,
Attorney John S. Miller, for the defend
ant packers, lead a brief reply, in which
he said that the packers in question do
only 40 per cent of the packing business
of the country, and this proportion could
not control the entire business. He as
serted that the prices of dressed meats
are relatively less than they were a*t
other times. The desire of the' packers,
he said, was to have a full and impartial
trial, and if objection were made at this
time to the filing of the petition and It
were tried on ex-parte affidavits this
would not be obtained.
As soon as court was reconvened after
the . noon recess Attorney Bethea was
given recognition. He asked the privilege
of calling the attention of the court to the
case of the United States of. America
against Swift & Co. and others, for such
Is the legal title of the now famous suit
Involving the existence of the alleged beef
trust. He read selections from the bill
praying for a temporary restraining order
and read many affidavits. All of these al-
Jeged the same cbndltions in the. meat
trade which have been set -forth in the
bill already published, each taking up
some particular phase of the allegations.
The general purpose of their presentation
was to make out befbre the court a prlma
facie case of disobedience and defiance of
the so-called Sherman anti-trust law.
Bethea" gave way to Assistant United
States Attorney General Day, who made
a brief argument In favor of the evidence
for granting the temporary order.
Attorney Bethea had with him Assistant
Attorney General \W A. Day, Solicitor
General J. K. : Richards.' United States
District Attorney Worthlngton of Spring
field,. 111., and United States District At
torney Joseph Keating of Indianapolis.
On the other side werearrayed the at
torneys for the packers, headed by John
S. Miller, and comprising Thomas A.
Moran, Louis A. Kxauthoff, James F.
Meagher, A." R. Veeder and Henry M.
Wolf.. ¦ . . .: • . • .
CHICAGO. : May 20.— The first engage
ment in the' open between ,~the United
St&Xes Government." ; . : and ythe,-. packers,
known as the "Big Six," began at 2 o'clock
to-day, when United States District At
torney S» H. Bethea,' before Judge P. S.
Grosscup, In the United .States Circuit
Court, made a motion for a temporary
restraining order. All that has gone be
fore has been but light skirmishing or the
laying out of lines of attack and defense.
GOLIAD, Tex., May 20.— With the death
to-day of three of the persons -injured
in Sunday's tornado the total number of
dead is ninety-five. W. J. Purl, Mrs. John
Angerstein and a negro woman died this
afternoon. It is believed ¦ that several
more of the injured persons cannot sur
vive. There we're many funerals again to
day and the same short service was ob
served as on the preceding days. Forty
five negroes have been buried. But little
effort is being made to obtain their names.:
The undertakers are rushed and have not
much time for .elaborate ¦ details. .The
cemetery where the white people are
burled was wrecked and the new-made
graves are among the overturned tomb
stones.
It is believed that Mrs. Flachner, a sis
ter of Mrs. Willen, lost her life in trying
to save Willie. Clem Davier who was
driving a team near the flood in the Ken
tucky suburb, had his wagon overturned
by the water and was drowned. The
buildings of the Queen City, Bathing Club
on the river front at Dayton, Ky., op
posite Cincinnati, were demolished.
All the towns opposite suffered damage
from broken windows and houses being
unroofed, but the greatest damage on
both sides of the river, especially to the
business houses in Cincinnati and also In
Irvington and Newport, Ky., come from
cellars being suddenly filled with water.
It being impossible for the sewers and
gutters to carry the water off.
Superintendent Bassler of the United
States Weather Bureau reported the wind
as sixty miles an hour and the rainfall,
in less than half an hour, 2.36 inches, the
greatest on record here.
Prior to the unprecedented fall of rain
d<:nse clouds were seen to the south and
the city became as dark as at night. It
was afterward learned that there had
been a terrific waterspout on the Lewis
burg hills in the southern suburbs of Cov
ington, Ky., and it moved over the Ken
tucky suburbs into this city, passing up
the Miami Valley and causing damage as
far away as Dayton, Ohio.
While storm damages are reported
throughout Kentucky, the worst point
seems to have been in Covington. Th«
water rolled down the hills in a wave
twenty feet deep in places and was about
100 yards wide. The frame house of Ed
ward Wohrley was carried for a distance
of over four blocks and finally was dashed
to pieces in the Covington ball grounds.
The house was occupied by four families
—Henry Willen and wife and four chil
dren; William Simpson and his wife and
children; Henry Qualbrink and family,
and Mrs. George Flachner. All had nar
row escapes except Mrs. Flachner and
Willie Willen, aged 4 years, who were
drowned. Mrs. Willen and her other
children were almost drowned. ;
CINCINNATI, May 20.— Shortly after U
o'clock to-day this neighborhood was
stricken by a terrific wind and rain storm,
causing the death of six persons and In
juring many others. The ' fury of the
storm continued only a half hour, but in
that time over $1,000,000 of damage 1 was
done In the business section of Cincinnati,
and as much more in other parts of the
city and suburbs. The dead are:
WIL.LIE WILLEN, aged 4, drowned in
Covlngton.
MRb. FLACHNER, drowned in Covins
ton. ' ¦¦ * r* . ¦ . " • .
CLEM DAVIER, teamster, drowned in
Covington.
GEORGE BECKER teamster, drowned
in the streets of Cincinnati.
FERDINAND RAPP, peddler, drowned
in a cellar in Cincinnati. - ;,.
D. \V. C, BELLEVILLE, carpenter,
blown from a roof in Cincinnati.
Hopes of Big Success Lead
Young Woman to His
trionic Field.
Members of Unions to March
in Thousands to the
PestivaL
Temporary Injunction Is Is
sued by a Judgej in
Chicago,
Million Dollars Loss in Bus
iness Section of Cin
cinnati.
Entire County Now. in Con
trol of the Good Govern-/
ment Forces." r ;':
Each Dons . Native Costume
of Land in Which She '
¦ Has Taught.
Nation's Chief Speaks at
Presbyterian Cele
bration.
David H. Rand's Home Is j
Broken by Pootlight
Aspirations.
Missionary . Women En
• ; tertain College Girls
at Capitola.: ¦/*-
Battle Begins in Federal
Court Over- Beef
Trust! *;
Spectacular Coronation
Ceremony at the
Irish Pair.
Six Persons Dead as a
Result of an Eastern
Storm.
Rout of Boss as Frees San
• Jose From Stigma of ":
. Corruption. :
PRESIDENT
LAUDS THE
MISSIONS
PACKERS FEAR
A HARD FIGHT
RUINOUS FLOOD
CLAIMS LIVES
NEW ERA DAWNS
FOR GARDEN CITY
STAGE LURES
AWAY HIS WIFE
HOSTESSES WEAR
UNIQUE RAIMENT
RITA IS CROWNED
CARNIVAL QUEEN
THE, SAN FRANCISCO CALL, -WEDNESDAY, "M 21, 1902.
Angelus Recital.
Sherman, Clay & Co.' announce -in the
amusement column of this paper another
of their most enjoyable Angelus recitals
to be held Saturday, May 24. at Stein way
Hall, 223 Sutter. . street. -.Tickets gratis.
The soloist for this occasion will be Mrs.
May Carpaneto Meed, soprano. There will
also be selections on the Victor Disc Talk
ing Machine. - • ¦-;.( ["¦: -..• .
COUNTIES ABE AIDING '
PROMOTION/ COMMITTES
..i In response to the invitation of the Cali
fcrnia Promotion Committee to each
county to | appoint a county .promoter to
be In constant touch with the committee
in. San Francisco the j following have been
named and have accepted" their, appoint
ments: Placer, Robert Hector, ~ Newcas
tle; Butte. W. A. Beard,, Orovllle; Lake,
A. H. Spurr, Lakeport; . Stanislaus. -IV-I*
Dennett. Modesto; Sutter, * 8. J.-: Stabler,
Yuba City: San Joaquin. Colvin B. Brown,
Stockton: Humboldt. T. D. Petch, Eureka;
Tulare. D.E. Perkins, yisnlla:' Madern,
R. Roberts. San Francisco; Kern, Ben I*
Brundage. Bakersfleld. . ,
Other counties have signified 'their "'In
tention'of naming representatives in the
rear future and all are expected *o. be in
shortly. • ¦ - •.-... • -.. ¦ ¦•¦'
X varied' and select line, of cameras and
photographic supplies at Sanborn ! &<.Vairs,
741 Market street. " •-.•:•:.. . *..:..-' .»•,.•¦
The decree -of -final distribution of the
estate of the late James G. Fair was
signed .'by Judge Troutt . yesterday, : and
the one-third of the vast wealth of the
late Senator remaining in the hands of
the executors was turned over 1 to /the
three heirs. Charles Fair, Teresa Oelrichs
and Virginia Vanderbilt. - The .property
turned over, yesterday consists of $403,000
in cash, stocks and bonds estimated to be
woth several millions and real estate
worth more than $500,000.
Fair Estate Is Distributed.
c
9
B WB fly En m H M| ivl - |9 *
J. W JlS lilFtiSllQOOi
satisfies and nourishes;
contains enough to satisfy
and the kind to nourish.
Our book, ,*' Mellin* s Food Babies"
; is worth looking at. - Sent free,
Mellin 's Food Co. , Boston, Mass.
GRAPE-NUTS.
5 Uiers of §
I Grape-Nuts |
8 don't care how 1
ghigh meat goes. g
I Strength |
I Economy |
I all Grcceri |
WwaSow
|f Buyitvo* |
There is nothing so im-
portant in selecting a
piano as the selection of
the firm you purchase it
from. .
When you get a piano
you want an instrument
perfect in every way, me-
chanically correct and ar-
tistically right. Whert
you get a piano you want
a guarantee— you want it
guaranteed by a firm yon
can depend upon. YOU
WANT TO KNOW that
.-you get your money's
worth, for you must Te-
. member that pianos good
in looks can be made to
sell for as low as $75, while
instruments appearing al-
most the same are worth
a thousand dollars more.
Where can you feel safe "
but with a firm you have
had satisfactory expe-
. riencc with, and what firm
I in San Francisco ha3
served you better, than
Kohler & Chase? We
have been established for
53 years.
-*««d^ ll "Te o'Karretl'jR I
near itocKton It. 5« K ; |
[1 - ;TTT.TC SAN FEANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 21, 1902.
10
DENTISTS— Continued.
DR. E. P. ' SHEPARD, 14 Geary st.— Expert
workmanship only; reasonable; hours 10 to 4.
SET of teeth witffout plate. DR. H. G;
YOUKG. 1811 Polk st.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School;
corset-making taught ; patterns cut. 1019 Mkt.'
EDUCATIONAL^
NEERING — Theory, demonstration, construe-
tion, laboratory and shop work; thoroughly'
practical; day and night. 24 Post st.. S. F.;
catalogue free. '
A — IF TJregg stenographers are not fast writers,
how do they all get positions and hold them?
34 positions in March, 32 in. April; Ellis book-
• keeping makes real bookkeepers. S. F. Busi-
ness College. 1236 Market st. ¦
GALLAGHER-MARSH BUSINESS COLLEGE
conducted by experts; best combined short-
hand and commercial course to be had any- j
where; indorsed by official court reporters.
13S2 Market st. .- ¦¦ . v
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES, 24 POST ST.,
S. F. — Thorough courses; complete equipment;
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining'
• engineering: day and night: catalogue free.
A — THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
Address Ayers' Business College. 723 Market
Bt. for their new catalogue; It is free and the
nicest In the State. Life scholarship $50.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec, mining, mech.sur-
vey, assay cyanide ;. day. feve. ; est. 1864. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, cr. City Hall.
ACCOUNTING — Most thorough course on coast;
beginners and college graduates perfected.
TARR. expert accountant. 219 Parrott bldg.
GOLDEN Gate Com'l College, 530 Golden Gate
ave. S F. — Spring, summer term shorthand,
book'kpg., penmanship; poslt'n when qualified.
CALIFORNIA Business College; most thorough
modern methods; • positions for all graduates;
new 60-page catalogue free. 305 Larkin st.
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallet School:
associated with theatrical agency securing po-
Bltlons. Alcazar building. 120 O'Farrell st.
VIOLIN, guitar, mandolin, banjo taught In
class, $1 mo. 426 O'Farrell; phone Pine 433.
WANTED — Pupils on piano. .60c lessen at their
homes. 328 Bush St., room 4. third floor.
Chicago Business College,' 1435 Market, nr. 10th;
Plttman shorthand, typing, bookkeepg; $6 mo.
Harpist, only teacher West, desires pupils. Mme.
Carusl. Hallet School Acting. 120 O'Farrell st.
GIVEN free; mandolin, violin, guitar or banjo,
by taking 20 lessons. 60c lesson. 1484 Market.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.: day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
SHORTHAND taught by mall or personally.
MISS M. G. BARRETT, 302 Montgomery st.
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof. MERKI, good
teacher. 100S Mission; instruments selected.
HEALD'S' Business College, 24 Post St., S. F.;
founded 1S63; new SO-page catalogue free.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
O^PH^UarEmpioymenTofflce— Japanese, Chl-
nese help. 426 Powell.nr.Sutt6r;tel.Black 5072.
Grand Japanese-Chinese Bmp. Office, 415 Stock-
ton; tel. Grant 168; expert, reliable help.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office —
Beat help. 411% O'Farrell st.; tel. East 426.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office — Furnish most
reliable help. 624 Bush st.; tel. Bush 616.
JAP reliable housecleanlng cooks, waiters on
short notice. 1293 Page; tel. Fell 8501.
CHINBSE and Japanese help: estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO., 640 Clay.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
A — SWEDISH woman, first-class cook, wishes
situation; capable to be housekeeper and take
entire charge; city or country; wages $40.
Box 456, Call office.
SWEDISH girl, good cook and- houseworker,
$25; references. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter.
AN elderly woman desires a position to assist
with light housework and children; city only.
Please- cal'. 1111 Folsom St., between Sev-
enth and Eighth.
A SWEDISH girl wishes situation . taking care
of grown children and light upstairs work;
no objection to going In the country. Call
108 Second sL, upstairs.
RESPECTABLE woman, with girl 6 years,
wants housework, plain cooking; . small
• boarding-house, private family; wages $12;
city preferred. Box 459, Call office.
SITUATION wanted house-cleaning or as Janl-
tress or help with care of child; sleep home.
MRS. B., 90 Shipley st.
AMERICAN woman with a girl 8 years old
wants situation as cook or housework. Call
946 Mission St., room 1. .
COMPETENT young woman wants work by
the day washing, ironing, housecleaning;
reference. Address B. , 615 Larkin St.
COMPETENT lady wishes work by the day;
first-class laundress or housecleaner; good
references. Address D. D., 259 Shipley st. .
A GERMAN girl would like a place to do gen-
eral housework. 323 Fourth st.
YOUNG woman, experienced hospital nurse,
desires invalid; will travel. H. G.. 1259
O'Farrell st. .
GERMAN woman wishes work by the day or
half day. 710% Jones st.
YOUNG woman with a child wishes placo as
working housekeeper. Box 469, Call office.
COLORED girl wants place to work by the
day or as maid. 1326 Pine st.
JAPANESE girl wants general housework and
.plain cooking; $5 per week. 147-Buchanan at.
.WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket — 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50
- to $6 week; convenient and respectable; free
bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore. !
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109S
Valencia st. ' .
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
GERMAN man and wife, private place,: on
ranch; references. MRS. NORTON, Swedish
and German Employment Bureau, 813 Sutter.
AN f lderly man who has been in business . on
his own account In this city for a number of
years and who has a general knowledge of
all kinds of business and merchandizing
wants a position where a steady, sober, care-
ful man is needed; such as clerk or cashier
In grocery, bakery and restaurant, hotel,
rooming-house, or to take charge of office or
store of any kind. Box 403, Call.
A YOUNG man recently from East would like
¦a. position to take care of horses in some
private stable; would not object to go out in
the country if required. 560 Howard st.
WANTED — Position in' office by trustworthy
man of good education; can work typewriter;'
understands- bookkeeping; good at figures;
moderate wages. Box 458, Call office.
SOBER young man wishes position at any-
thing; is handy with tools and can drive
horses. Box .000. Call. - \
WANTED — Position as bartender: sober,
k steady, reliable man; first-class references;
city or country. Box 698.- Call.
BLACKSMITH, all-round machine and ham-
mersmith; Just from the East, Address
DAVID BAIN. Alta House, rm. 14. Oakland.
SITUATION wanted by young man with 2
years' experience in a paint shop. Address
J. W.. 522 Larkin st.
EXPERIENCED ypung man wants position as
bartender. Box 464. Call.
SITUATION wanted with some large concern
by expert mechanical draughtsman; 20 years'
experience in the East; designing, ' building
and perfecting machinery; In or out of city.
R. M.. box 828. Call office. • . :
CHARCOAL — Good open hearth burner;
open for engagement. Box 896, Call office.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
EXCHANGE.
FOR exchange — Handsome driving cart, seat-
lng 4. for a gentle buggy horse. Box 831, Call.
FINANCIAL.
COMPANIES incorporated and financed; U. S.
licensed stock brokers; stocks and bonds sold;
investigate our 6 per cent income bond propo-
sition to guarantee stock •Issues of- new en-
terprises; ctocks underwritten on London and
American plan; send for the "Pacific States
Investor,", an up to date financial paper;
we have always opportunities for Investors
- to come In on the ground floor of flrst-class
propositions; correspondence solicited. Pacific
States Mining and Investment Co., 326 -Post'
St.; established 1892. ¦- ¦ ...
FLATS TO LET. ¦' ' :¦'••. * -
ELEGANT bay-window top flat; 6 rooma and
bath. 7S5 Minna st, near Ninths.'
SUNNY flat. 4 rooms; furnished or unfurnished.
2829 Washington Bt. - . _
PIERCE. ; 2935 and 2937— $32 50 and $35; ele-
gant new e-^room flats, Just completed. ..>;¦. - 1
HOUSES TO JLET---.FURNISHED.
ONE year or longer — Fine residence. 12 rooms,
bath, etc-.; completely furnished; will sell at a
sacrifice; large garden; pleasant surround-
ings; reasonable to responsible parties: Mis-
sion warm belt. ' 129 Liberty St., near Twen-
ty-first.
FURNISHED house to let; months of June and
July only; 11 rooms; piano and telephone;
rent low to desirable tenant. 2026 Washing-
ton st.
. HOUSES TO LET— COUNTRY.
MLX'LO (Fair Oaks) — New cottage. 7 rooms.
bath; furnished. A. R. HARRISON. 78 Geary.
INVESTMENTS.
SPLENDID investment — Point Richmond land ;
great bargain; small tract, heart of town,
suitable to cut into lots. THE INVESTORS
AGENCY. 137 Montgomery St.. S. F.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST-— Near the Stanyjyi-st. entrance to Golden
Gate Park, a Persian lamfes* wool shoulder
cape, sealskin collar, 4 fur tails and heads,
lined with light brocade, with green and yel-
low figures. Suitable reward if returned to
1801 Van Ness ave.
LOST — Sunday, May 18, solitaire diamond stud;
$75 reward. A. HOFFMAN, 13 Third st.
LOST — From wagon small pkg. containing lace,
etc. Return 120 Ash ave.; liberal reward.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the California
Watch Case Co., 220 Sutter St., needs old gold
and sliver to make new watch cases. •
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS.
TO order; also cleaned and sterilized; uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS.. 411 to 415 Powell
St.; tel. Bush 421. ft .-.: -:¦
Brass, iron beds; mattresses; pillows: window
¦hades. J. F. "Hotter. 721 Mission: tel. Main 730.
MEDICAL.
A— DR. O'DONNELL. world-renowned special-
ist. — Ladles, all who are sick or In trouble,
consult the specialist on female complaints:
menstrual female complaints positively cor-
rected; the unfortunate helped; relief In all
cases taken: the most difficult cases treated;
have relieved thousands of most qhstlnate>
cases; free, confidential advice on all subecta
of a delicate nature. DR. G. W. O'DON-
NELL. office A residence. 101S Mkt.. op. 6th.
MRS. D. KOHL — Well-known, reliable ladles*
specialist: instant relief guaranteed; home In
confinement; hours 9 to 5 and 7 to 8.
1008% Market St., opp. 6th and nr. Powell*
MRS. D. WYETH — Well-known ladies* special-
ist; 30 years' experience; private home In
confinement. Moved to 723 Post st.. nr. Jones.
MRS. SWEET. 606 Guerrero, nr. 18th, a grad-
uate of Royal University, Berlin, has 23 yrs.'
- experience In midwifery cases, takes ladles be-
fore and during confinement; best motherly
care; Infants adopted; confinements. $15; rm,
Aboard $5 week; all who are sick or in troubl*
consult me before going elsew're. TeLBlue411.
MRS. DR. GOODWIN, ladles' reliable special-
ist; maternity hospital: home for infants fre«3
fee low. 806 Market St.. opp. Emporium.
MRS. D ALLEN, 1113 Market — Reliable ladies*
specialist; a private home before and durlni
confinement: best medical care: low fees.
DR. ROSEN 1007% Market St.. near Sixth."
treats ladles only; relief in all cases taken.
LADIES — "Neverfale." Pasteur's celebrated
regulator. $2. Pasteur Med. Co.. 8 Flood bid*.
DR. AND MRS. DA VIES and HINDOHERB
original method of treatment. 1128 Market.
LADIES — Kumrond is safe & sure; never falls;
price $2. Gleason's drug store. Clay & Kearny.
DR. NG TOY KEE. 210 Stockton St.. opposite
Union Square: all diseases cured by herbs.
MINES AND MIX IX O.
PARTY having under bond seven rich placer
claims and water rights In Trinity County
will give controlling interest In the same
for $5000. to perfect title. Particulars,
TOMLINSON & PP.. IPS Ellis St.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR. SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 1U5-197 Fremont st.
A — BUYS, sella or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear at.
BAR fixtures; biz stock: Installments; biUiard
and pool tables: easy terma or rented. Tha
Bruns wick- Ba!ke-Col lender Co.. 622 Mission.
. .
SEALSKIN, highest grade, same as new, cost
$250, will sell if taken at once for $100 cash;
bust 33. Box 1728, Call office.
DOMESTIC and New Home Sewing ma-
chines; good order; cheap. 1915 Mission st.,
' near Fifteenth.
NEW and 2d-hand boilers, engines, dynamos,
motors, pumps, wood and iron working ma-
chinery. H. S. WHITE. 130 Bcale st.
ASK for prices on necond-hand typewriters (all
makes). ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montg'y.
ENGINES, boilers, lathes, planers, second-hand
machinery. J. BURKE. 139 Beale st.
BOATS. launches, row-boats carried In stock.
BAKER & HAMILTON.
Edison phonographs, records,, supplies, movins
picture machines, films. Bacigalupt, 933 Mkt.
GASOLINE enelnes, all sizes, new and 2d-han4
and launches. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont at.
SAFES-^-New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO., 417-423 Sacramento at.
FOR second-hand machinery.engines and boiler*
go to D.J.McMaaters.SE.cor.2nd & Brannan.
1ST-CLASS 2d-hand modern engines & boilers
bought, sold. Krogh Mfg Co.. 519 Market at.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving plc-»
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post at.
MISCELLANEOUS WAXTS.
BIG prices paid for sealskin coata; also g^ntj"
full dress and Tuxedo suits. Portland LoM
Office, 25 Stockton st.; phone Bush 484.
I WILL pay good cash prices for old sealsklnst
send postal; will call. Box 4960, Call office.
HIGHEST prices paid for diamonds and seal-
skins; will call; confidential. Box 463, Call
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th st. : tel. Jessie 2331.
Wanted — 2d-hand electric motors, ail sizes, aay
condition. FarnrworthElectrlcaiWlc*..41STurli.
arosicAL instruments.
AS we have Just completed oar new ware-
rooms and hall, for ONE WEEK we will
offer unheard-of bargains In all grade's of
pianos. If you are looking for a hlgh-grad*
piano, come; if not, come and bring your
friends and spend an hour with us In tha
most beautiful warerooms on tha Paclfla
Coast. ¦ Every piano a bargain this week.
Among them we will offer:
1 Miller $35
3 Weber 63
2 Knabe 85
1 Haynes 155
4 Steinways $ilO to 235
2 Steck...... $100 and 15O
3 Fischer...... $95 to 133
Also special prices on the Matchless Heine.
Every piano fully guaranteed. Easy pay-
ments it desired. 200 pianos to select from. *
HEINE PIANO CO.. Helno Hall, 235-23T
Geary st. • .
ALTHOUGH many seemingly advantageous
.prepositions are offered in the -way of prices
and terms upon pianos, please bear in mind
that we can not only duplicate them, but caa
offer exceptionally fine pianos and largest
•rsortment cf beat makes : to choose from,
I SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. Steinway dealers,
cor. Kearny and Gutter sts.. S. F.; Broad-
way and Thirteenth sts. Oakland. .;
ATTENTION. BARGAIN-HUNTERS!
Second-hand upright pianos from $30 up.
Second-hand square pianos from $30 up.
Second-hand organs from $25 up; new no-
right pianos from $175 up. BENJ. CURTAZ
& SON. 1C to 20 O'Farrell St.; Chlckertng.
Mason & Hamlin. Vose. Sterling pianos.
ANY piano sold by us taken back any t!m«
within 2 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a nerr peerless Knabe. at regular
price: r costs you only 20c a day to buy a
piano from us. KOHLER & CHASE. 30
O'Farrell St.: established 1S50.
UPRIGHTS at $25 and upward can be aeen at
our store, and if you want to get a bargain
call soon; we are showing some fine Deckers,
cheap to close out; they are good as new.
ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 769 Market st.
A FINE $60 high grade guitar with leather
case for sale, reasonable. 1143 Folsom st.
FISCHER piano, good as new, -will be sold to
highest bidder this week. SICKELS, 6 Geary.
GENUINE Chappuy violin for sale. Apply
Charles Nathan, merchant tailor, 109 Sutter.
SACRIFICE — Latest style upright, allghtly
used. 16 McAllister at., near Jones.'
Sell privately, your own price, superb cabinet
grand upright piano; leaving city. 933 Post.
YOU may want a piano for rent. SCOTT-
CURTAZ PIANO CO.. SCO Hayes st.
THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO.. 031 Market st.
Eteck. Everett. Ludwlg and other good pianos.
BEAUTIFUL upright Fischer piano; must ba
sold at once. Room 2. 237 Geary st.
A FINE Steinway' upright, left on sale; no
reasonable offer refused. 2^5-237 Geary st.
SNAP— 2 only. new. $450; hlsh-grade uprights,
dropped from catalogue,$25O. Bruenn,208Post.
BYRON MAUZY. 308-.110-312 Post at.; Sohmer
&n4 other pianos and pipe organs.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham plac#.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents^ — The Weekly CalL
16 pages, In wrapper for mailing. $1 per ytax
, LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
ANY place In the city sold on payments.,
30 rooms; clears $250: a snap $3,200
12 rooms; transient; clears $00; paymts 550
8 rooms; Geary St.: a bargain 350
200 rooms; Just listed; investigate 10,000
1 8 rooms; always full; clears $80 C50
20 rooms; clears $50: only 200
17 rms.: long lease; clears $100; payms. 1,100
20 ROOMS: MORTGAGED; MAKE OFFER.
50 rms. ; rent (ISO; bargain; clears $500. 4,250
A. H. RETSLOFF. phone John 531.
006 Market 6t.. cor. Ellis, rooms 7-8.
WINSTON & WOLF.
1026 Market st.
NEW HOUSES JUST LISTED
157 rooms: new and modern; clears $450. $9500
125 rooms; modern bldg.; clears $325... 6500
02 rooms; rent $150: corner; N. of Mkt.. 3500
35 rooms; corner: rent $120; part cash.. 2000
SS rooms; rent SSS; a money maker 1800
20 rooms; rent $52: clears $78 month... 875
MITCHELL & HORNLEIN, 1206 Market et.
We have' rooming-houses, all sizes and
prices, in all parts of the city.
11 rooms; good location; Al furnished.. $850
20 rooms; sunny; good renter 950
8 rooms; tunny flat: corner.... 200
11 rooms; downtown; good 700
15 rooms; rent $37 50; make -offer 000
Money loaned at 1% per cent per month.
A. CAMERON & CO..
850 Market ct. and 8 Stockton st.
Rooms 21. 22. 23. Phone Bush 328.
If you have hotels, rooming-houses or business
to sell, list with us; buyers, call; we can suit
you; have bargains In hotels, lodging-houses,
flats, all sizes and prices; in all parts of city.
Money loaned. 1% per cent.
100 ROOMS; country transient; low rent.. $6500
S00 rooms; corner house; for men 5000
16 rooms; sunny corner; fine location... 1500
14 rooms; rent very low; bargain .600
40 rooms: man house; rent $45; bargain. 700
Money loaned at 1 per cent.
Hotels, road houses, flats, 5 to 200 rooms.
EITEL & CARROLL. 1032 Market st.
DONALD INVESTMENT COMPANY.
860 Market st.— (Inc.).. Phone Davis 281.
Reliable* dealers in rooming-houses, hotels,
business chawes and real estate.
We furnish vacant houses and
Loan Money at lowest rates.
Something new every day.
New houses to lease.
LODGING-HOUSE. 20 rooms; rent $65; price
$900; terms. MORRISON & CO.. 26 Montg'y.
MORTGAGED lodging-house at tremendous
sacrifice. MORRISON & CO.. 26 Montg'y. r. 4.
LODGING-HOUSE, 30 rooms; rent $75; eleva-
tor; all outside rooms; Bell on easy terms;
Investigate. Morrison & Co.. 26 Montgomery.
BARGAINS and many choice Investments in
first-class lodging and boarding houses at all
times. Bona fide buyers are welcome to In-
spection; kindly call at office.
G-. W. SCHWEINHARD,
917 Market st.. bet. -5th and 6th.
Phone Mint 1911. .-
FLAT of 6 rooms, nicely furnished: all new;
good location: on business Etreet, nr. Market;
rent low; will sell reasonable; no agents.
Box 1723. Call. '
MARION GRIFFIN.
719 Market et. (upstairs), near Call building;
good titles; easy terms; telephone Green 458;
Big , list hotels and lodging-houses.
FOR lodging-houses — From $200 to $6000; bar-
gains; snaps, etc.: some very cheap and good;
only honest trade. McBRIDE & CO., 765
Market st.
IF you want to cell or buy a rooming or apart-
ment house call on us; we can suit you.
TOMLINSON &. CO.. 105 Ellis at., room 10
(Glascow block).
$750— LODGING-HOUSE 16 rooms; best loca-
tion; cheap rent: clears $60 per month: value
In sight. P. S. DE LUCA & CO.. 318 Kearny.
$100 PUTS you in charge of a rooming-house
clearing $35 ner month. 320 Third at.
SPIRITUALISM.
BROCKWAY'S proof positive test, seance.
Sun., Wed. and Frl. nights; every one re-
-, ceives test; 25c; readings dally. 1052 Ellis st.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium;
life reader: medical clairvoyant; sittings $1;
letter $2. 1164 O'Farrell St.: Ellis car.
Mrs. Htibbard, 109 Oak—Circle Tues. & Fri.,
8 p. m. ; Wed., 2 p. m. ; 10c; readings daily.
Mrs. Seal, spiritual and bus. medium; tobacco
habit cured or no pay. Avondale, 1424 Market.
EDWARD 'EARLE. 32S Ellis: readings dally;
phone Polk 1C01; seance Sunday and Thurs.
KATIE HEUSSMANN. 1774 15th, nr. Guerrero;
circle Friday eve.. 25c; readings dally.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer: sittings dally: test to all to-night: 10c.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
A^PROFESS^R^AulirD^STINE^
The Great Reader of Human Destiny.
THE FIRST REGISTERED AS WELL AS THE
FIRST GRADUATE CLAIRVOYANT AND
PALMIST EVER IN SAN FRANCISCO.
EXTRAORDINARY clairvoyant power, com-
bined -with his superior knowledge of occult
forces and the science of palmistry, enables
him to read human destiny with unerring ec-
curacy. He advises you 'whether or not you
wib be successful In mining, business, specu-
lations", investments, lawsuits, love, marriage,
etc. He tells you why you have poor health,
poor luck, unhappy homes, broken engage-
ments; why you are a failure in business, tn
love, marriage, employment, games of chance,
etc 'By proper advice he reunites the separat-
ed, restores lost affections, how to marry your
choice makes you successful In your busi-
nees, gives you good luck, "teaches you to
locate hidden treasure and mines, so that suc-
cess is sure." He has assisted thousands to
health wealth and happiness who had given
up In despair. Why not you? Palmistry taught.
Medlumlstic persons developed. 127 Ellis st.
MME. M. BEBNARD. amous
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third Bt., next Examiner bldg.
Bhe reads your life correctly, gives an accurate
description of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur in the fu-
ture. If you are In trouble, discontented, un-
i happv or not satisfied in life, or have domestic,
love or business troubles, consult this great me-
dium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life; 25c
up; satisfaction guaranteed. Tel. Black 45C9.
X ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1104 Market St.,
cor. Turk; private readings daily, 10 a. m. to
6 p. in. ; readings by mall as satisfactory as
In person- 3 questions answered, $1; full life
$5; send lock of hair, date and year of .birth.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil — second sight;
diagnoses diseases with life readlng;ladlee 60c,
gents $1; palm..and clalr. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
YOUR fortune told from cradle. to grave. What
I tell comes true; Bend dime and birth date.
PROF. J. MYERS. P. O. box 2224] San Fran.
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium, permanently located at 1206 Market
tt., cor. Golden Gate ave., rooms 25 and 26.
MISS M. WILLE, 514 Taylor St., clairvoyant,
crystal seer; reads your life correctly without
questions; full names ;50c-$l;10 a.m. to S p.m.
MADAM MARCEAU. card reader and clair-
voyant; .ladles and gents 25c. 1601 Mission;
hours 10 a. m. to 8 p. m^
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; -25c up. 5 Fourth st.
LINCOL.N — Clairvoyant and high psychlst;
hours 11 to 3; readings by mail. 125 Turk st.
MRS. HOUSER, wonderful medium; truth or
no pay; full life readings 00c. 704 Howard.
CLAIRVOYANT and palmistry. L. EHRM,
1427 Ellis St., near Buchanan.
MME. HANSEN, well-known olalrvoyant, cards,
palm.. 25c; satisfaction guar. 148 6th, r. 14.
JUST arrived — Myrtle Potter, card reader and
palmist. 208 Powell st., room 1.
MRS BROWN, clairvoyant card reader; ladles
25c; gents 60: readings dally. 132 Sixth at.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
Bend to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing works. 353-357 Tehama st. ; tel. South 40.
Karlson Karpet Co— Cleaning 3%e yd;upholster-
lng.1213 Market, bet.8th&9th;tel.Howard 2912.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co., 402 Sutter at.;
¦ tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO., Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st. ; tel. Mission 263.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS. Mgr.. 38-40 8th st ; tel. South 250.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works.
333 Golden Gate ave.: telephone East 126.
IMPROVED carpet-cleaning works. 1512 Polk;
tel. East 725. A. G. KLEINERT, Prop.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 14th St.; tel. Mission 74.
OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency-^No"~charge
unless successful. Room 310. 927 Market st.
P _ E _ yT _* s . Ti j'___ ¦ i .,,^^ ww .
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Market, cor.
4th. r. 7. Flood bldg.; extractions done pain-
lessly; teeth without plates our specialty; gold
crown* $3 60 up; plates, extractions free, $4 60
tip: office hours. 9i.in.to9p. m.; Sundays
9 to 2. J. W. THATCHER. D.D.S., Manager.
EASY Dental Parlors. 6 Turk Bt.. cor. Mason —
Expert painless extractors; skilled operators;
gas given; lady attendant.- R. C. ANDER-
SON. D.D.S., proprietor and manager.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone— cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crowns, $3 50; fillings, 50c;
plates. $5. full set; all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Full Eet of teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fillings. 60c.
HELP WAMTEP — FEMALE— Con.
WANTED-^5 girls to learn halrdreBslng, mani-
curing, massage and hair work; only, 2 weeks
I required: bring ad; costs only $3 50; 3. posi-
tions waiting: .private customers assure $50
to $75 per month; day and evening class; be-
. .ware of Imitators; ours first and only college
of the kind on Pacific Coast.". College, 233
Geary st., rooms 13-15.
Hairdresslbg, manicuring, massage, bleaching,
dyeing, halnvork; splendid position in. stores
and with private customers; $50 to $75 mo.: 2
; weeks $5; day, ev. classes. 1236 Market, r. 94.
GIRLS to sew on buttons. San 'Francisco
Mfg. Co.. 623 Market st. - . .
WANTED— Experienced shirtmakers. EAG-
LESON &. CO., 635 Market st. *->J
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. * •
HELP WANTED MALE.
A— MURRAY & READY... PHONE MAIN 6848
Leading Employment and Labor AGENTS.
634 and 636 Clay St
Office open 7 a. m
..:...- 4555 MEN FOR RAILROADS ......
Come See..... Ship.. You.. Free Come Sea
To Elko, Modeen, .Nevada, Heron, Iron
Point, Vista., < Wadsworth. Rockeby, Deeth.
Battle Mountain, Reno and other places on
Nevada and Salt Lake division.
750 Teamsters 750 Laborers
850 Rockmen 260 Concrete Laborers
286 Drillers ; 96 Car Dumpers
95 men to work on steam shovel. .
Carpenters' helpers. Wages for R. R. help
are $2. $2 25. $2 60, $2 76, $3, $3 50 day and
FREE FARE.
. FREE. SHIP TO-DAY. ... FREE-
25 laborers, ballast gang, truck gang at
Santa Fe- R. R. Co.'s own work
Butcher, country shop, near city, $30 found,
coachman. $30 found ; 4 farmers and wives,
$53 and found; 2 milkers and wives; young
men and strong boys, city factories, $1, $1 25,
$1-60; roustaboute, $25; chore man. Catho-
lic institution $30 end found; 2 handy men;
6 laborers, city factory, $2 day; 15 chore
boys; 26 stable men, city, country, $40. $50,
$60; come see; 6 teamsters, city Jobs, $35 and
found; 19 chore men; 3 road teamsters, $60;
18 laborers, manufactory; 26 teamsters, near
city, various jobs, $30, $40 and found.
Man to kalsomlne.. ....Man to polish floors
Vegetable man for mine boarding-house; $30
and found; 12 boys to learn trade; teamster,
lumber wagon, city, $15 week; man to care
for horses, city, $7 week; boy for gentleman's
stable, $15 and found: hostler, 'city, $60;
buggy washer, city, $60; young man to drive
delivery wagon, $9 week. _.
i • MECHANICAL DEPARTMENT
Blacksmith's helper, city. . ." $2 day
6 carpenters for mine, $90; 12 house carpen-
ters, $95; 19 blacksmiths and 5 helpers,
$2 50, $3. $3 50 day; 6 brick molders, $75; 5
brick setters; brick burner; 6 carriage paint-
ers; 2 shoemakers: 66 other come
see us; work In tlty and country
To Sawmills Fare Paid To Woods
187 laborers, "various mills," $30, $35 found;
68 woodsmen, $35, $40 found; 10 road build-
ers, $35; shingle packers- gang edger men;
lumber, graders, and every other class of
men used In mill and -woods; woodchoppers.
tie makers all over California by the hund-
reds.
To Mines and.... Other Departments
' 8 miners $2 75 day
66 miners, various different mines. $65. $70,
$85, $00; 18 muckers, $76; 18 laborers, surface
work; furnace men; machine men; quartz;
• other miners.
LABORERS.
. City Jobs .... Factories ....Country Jobs
20 laborers, handy with hammer, city, steady
Job, $2 25 day, board home; call early; 12
. laborers, city Job. board home, $2 day; 9
laborers, factory, city, $2 day; 3 handy men;
27 laborers, city, $60; 14 laborers, city, $42
found; 25 laborers, manufactory, country,
$00; 12 laborers. 12 miles from S. F., free
fare, $60; 164 laborers for other positions;
come see us. . ¦
......FARMS, DAIRIES ."."
HAY FIELDS .'. . HARVEST FIELDS
ORCHARDS, VINEYARDS. FRUITS, ETC.
29 mowers and hay men," $30, $35, $40 found;
6 fruit pickers; 36 men for various .hay
ranches, $1 25 day and found: 56 vineyard
and orchard hands. $25. $30, $35 found; 39
milkers, $30. $35, $45 and found; 6 cheese
makers; 9 butter makers, $40 found; chore
men and boys; 27 general ranch hands, some
stock farms, $25. $30 found.
HOTEL, BAKERY — Other Departments.
Waiter, officers' mess, mine company, see
boss here $30 and found
28 cooks, different places,' $55, $50, $45, $40.
$30, $25 found; 26 waiters and helpers and
boys, $20, $25, $30, $35, $40 found; 37 kitchen
hands, dishwashers, etc.. $15, $20, $25, $30
.found; 6 porters; 2 bell and elevator boys, $10.
$15, $20, $25 found; 6 roustabouts; silver
men; vegetable men, $30 found: 12 bakers,
helpers, etc., $50, $45, $30, $25 found; old
man around city saloon; old man to cook.
..Hundreds of Other Positions. Come See.-^
BEST PLACES AT... MURRAY & READY,
BEST WAGES AT 634-636 Clay St.
FLOUR miller, $60 and increase; watchman for
. sawmill, $60; engineer and machinist for
sawmill, $75; edgerman, $3 day; bench hand,
$3 day; 8 carpenters, city and country, $3 50
day; plain carpenter, $2 00 and boardi
ratchet setter; carriage and wagon black-
smith. $3 to $3 50 day; 3 blacksmith- helpers;
carriage maker, $3 to $3 50 day; carriage
painter, $3 to $3 50. day; harness maker;
shoemakers. $2 day; head donkey man, $3
. day;, spool tenders; 3 lumber sorters, $2 50
day; and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628
Sacramento st. .
3 BOYS for laundry, $7 week and Increase; 20
laborers for factory, short distance out.- $2
day; 10 laborers for country, $2 day, fare
paid; drillers, $2 25 day, free fare; 6 laborers
for mine, $2 day; laborers for city $2 day;
60 laborers for mill and woods, $30 and $35
found and $2 to $2 75 day; and others.
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
6 MILKERS. $30, $32 50 and $35 and found:
farmers, $25 and $30 and $1 25 day; sack
sewer, $3 day; sheep herder, $30; milker and
wife, $45; 2 farmers and wives, $45 and $40;
stable boy, $25 and found; choremen and
others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sac-
ramento st. -
COOK, wife and helper for mill crew. $100;
cook and wife, country hotel. $80;, waiter and
wife, , country hotel, $55; hotel cook. $60;
chophouse cook, $45; restaurant cook. $70; 2
lunch cooks, '$30; waiters, dishwashers and
others. J. F. CROSETT . & CO.. 62S Sac-
ramento, st.
AT THE CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
59 3rd St.. near Call bldg.; phone Bush 405.
Teams... Teamsters and laborers for railroad
..... Office fee ?1
...... .All points in Nevada - and Utah
Salt Lake Division
Free fare Free fare
300 teamsters $2 25 and $2 50 per day
200 laborers ..$2 25 per day
250 rockme.n ,....$2 25 per day
150 concrete men ..$2 25 per day
Free fare.. .Office fee $l...No other expense
Men for Sawmill and Lumber Woods
2 head setters $3 per day
10 lumber pliers... $39 per month and board
4 woodsmen $40 per month and board
10 men to grade on skid road.. $35 mo. & bd
•0 men to load shingle- bolts.. $40 mo. & board
5 carpenter helpers . .$2 per day
Long. Job; steady work; 4 or 5 months
5 ranch hands and haymakers..$l 25 day & bd
¦ - Young man, fireman, no experience, city. '. . .
• •" $1 75 per day
CALIFORNIA EMP. AGENCY. 59 Third st
PACIFIC EMPLOY. AGENCY, 638 Clay st.
Phone Main 1191. ¦
800 teamsters, concrete men,' rockmen, steam
shovel dumpers $2 25 to $2 60 per day
• Free fare To-day
To all parts of Nevada and Salt Lake divis-
ion. _ Ship direct. Fee $1
150 railroad men S. P. C. And Santa Fe
Free Fare
20 boys to learn trades..... $6 to $9 per week
6 car builders _ '....... $3 per day
4 cabinet-makers ........ ...... . .$.1 per day
3 shoemakers, country ....$2 per day
¦ 25 tanbark peelers, top wages .'....
4 -solicitors and collectors, city...:
10 strawberry pickers, long Job $20 & fd
.^6 laborers, mine, north $60
6 carmen, mine, north $60
ANDRE'S office. 316 Stockton st. — Three men
for. pick and shovel work, . $1 a day. and five
farm -hands. $25. for large place in Sonoma
Co.. good board and quarters; farm hand near
Oakland. $25; German middle-aged man to do
chores, $15; young man to help behind the
¦ . counter, .first-class restaurant, £25; man to
'-' run a dummy restaurant. $25; etc '
ANDRE'S office. 316 Stockton st. — Cook and
wife, resort. Santa' Clara Co. *50; cook for
about' 12 boarders. $40: second cook, plain
hotel, $40: short order cook, $10 a week; pan-
tryman for mimrner resort.- $30; dishwasher,
" pame place. $25; waiter, plain hotel and r»i<-
taurant. $30 and found: night waiter, $35;
waiter, $10 a week; lunch waiter, etc.
MAN and wife to take -charge of- country
j house: man and wife for a ranch, $50. MRS.
NORTON. 313 Sutter St.
WANTED — Cornice makers* and tinners to stay
EWav from Seittl*. Lock still on. HARRY
COSTEN," R. S., L. U. 104.
WANTED— At Rope Works. Potrero.. good-
sized, industrious boys. Apply at office of the
• works, Potrero. 1 • . - >
.WANTED — Young man, 17 to 18 years, with
>rood references; good • position right party.
'-.- E. MESSAGER. 145 Post St.
. WANTED— Experienced man. picture f rams
mat cutter. SANBORN, VAIL & CO., 741
Market st. ¦ ¦ '.¦.;. . ; ¦
WANTED — Reliable, sober German aa driver
» . j for bakery wagon (Western Addition route) :
( must have experience. Ill Larkin st. ¦ .. • .
BARBER— First-class 3-chair. BhoD. for sale;
. cheap: party roing nway: snan : must be sold.
¦ Apply at WILL & FINCK'S. Market st.
$50— MAN take. interest, collect in light manu-
| facturing .business; $20 per week. 737 How-
; ard st:, • room 64. - ¦
BOY wanted. S. N. WOOD &-CO., cor. Powell
".and Eddy sts. ... . : ;
: TAILORS — Bushelman " wanted.' Apply to
STEIN, SIMON & CO., Market and, Second.
MAJLE—Coii. ¦
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S...... 429 Bush st.
Free fare J Free fare
Ship To- Day
........... New Railroad Work
FOR NEVADA
FOR NEVADA
2000 teamsters and laborers.. $2 to $2 25 day
600 rockmen $2 25 a day
600 concrete men $2 25 a day
3 . blacksmiths ..$3 a day
.'. Ship To- Day
.•: FOR CHATSWORTH PARK
600 tunnelmen. drillers, muckers and outside
laborers.. $1 75 to $3 a day
SHIP TO-NIGHT
Free fare Free fare
10 farmers for an orchard. $25 and found;
4 men to pick berries, $25 and found; edger-
man, $3 a day; 10 lumber pliers, $35 and
found; 10 sawmill laborers, $26 and board;
20 laborers, near city. $2 a day, fare paid;
10 miners, $2 75 a day; 20 muckers. $2 50 a
day; 10 milkers, country, $30 and $35; 10
carpenters, $2 50 a day and board; coach-
man, good references, $30; 2 blacksmiths,
oountry. $40 and $50.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Camp cook for railroad camp in Nevada. $60
-and free fare; second cook. $50; third cook.
$35. for R. R. eating-house. Arizona, free
fare; second cook, restaurant, $70; 6 wait-
ers, country hotel, $25. - fare advanced; kitch-
en hand, springs. $30; 6 cooks, country hotels.
$35 to $50; camp waiter, $25; cake baker,
$45; dishwashers, kitchen hands and others.
Shampooer and. wife for summer resort.....
Middle-aged man to work around bath house
at summer resort, $30 and found and fare
paid -.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 429 Bush st.
YOUNG man as assistant operator and learn-
ing the photograph business; must be .of good
address: amateur preferred. Elite Studio.
838 Market st. I
WANTED — To-day, steady, sober man for light
indoor business: most have $150 cash and be
satisfied with $75 month year around. For
particulars see STRAND. 10O7H Market st.
WANTED — Steady, trustworthy man as part-
ner in large restaurant to attend cash coun-
ter with responsible man; $350 required. Ap-
' ply P. S. DE LUCA. 318 Kearny et.
WANTED — Steady man with $125 for a plain
everyday business; established 13 'years; will
pay $70 a month; no experience required.
Apply at 1016 Market St., room 10.
BARBER shop. 6 chairs and bath; 3 years'
lease; one or the best paying shops In the
city; fitted with finest furniture. STOLTZ,
Barber Supply House, 723 Market st.
WANTED — Strictly sober, reliable young man.
with $125 cash; light contracting business;
no experience necessary; pays $70 month; 30
days' trial. BROWN & CO.. 1221 Market st.
$100 — CIGAR store; good chance for a Bteady,
sober man in manufacturing center; no
night or Sunday work. 257 Fourth St., near
Folsom.
COOK wanted: small restaurant; $35 and
found. 1224 Point Lobos ave.
SECOND waiter wanted. Park Hotel, 26 Turk
street.
WANTED— First-class barber. 411 Devlsa-
dero st.
BOOTBLACK wanted at 12 Sacramento at.;
wages $11.
SHOEMAKER on repairing. 13 Trinity, top
floor, off Sutter above Montgomery st.
GOOD barber wanted; steady Job. Apply 229
Fourth at.
WANTED — Handy man In bakery and restaur-
ant. 435 Ellia st. »
STRONG boy of 17 to learn carriage black-
smlthlng; also driving horse. Box 461. Call.
TWO lunch waiters wanted. Apply at Troy
Hotel. 506 Twentieth st. .
APPRENTICE to blacksmith. 1638 Mission at.
WANTED — Boy for kitchen In saloon; draw
beer; $20. 100 Mission st.
FIRST-CLASS 'waiter. 29 Stockton Bt.
CANVASSERS for a good paying staple article.
810 San Pablo ave., Oakland. . .
WANTED — A dry house man.- Oakland Laun-
dry Co., 690 Twenty-ninth St., Oakland.
GOOD barber wanted. 606 Thirteenth St., Oak-
land. • •
FOR sale — A three-chair barber shop; must be
sold at once; $150. 215 Sixth st.
BARBERS — 2-chair shop and fixtures; $150;
established 5 years. 252 Ellis Bt.
WANTED — Recruits for the marine corps, U.
S. navy; ablebodled, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than 6 feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet 1
inch; able to speak and read English. For
further Information apply at the Recruiting
Office. 40 Ellis St., San Francisco.
WANTED — Agents for "The Martinique Hor-
ror." Elaborately illustrated. Sample, en-
abling you to make from $5 to $17 dally, post-
paid free.. Address Globe Bible Publishing
Company, Philadelphia, Pa.
1 EXPERIENCED sash and door cutter; 2 ex-
pert bench workers; good wages. Ingler &
Young Mill Co.. Fourth and Washington sts.,
Oakland. Cal.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third Bt.: 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $lto $2 per week.
MEN to learn barber trade; barbers In- de-
mand; only requires 8 weeks; tools donated;
catalogue free. MOLER'S" BARBER COL-
LEGE. 635 Clay at.
WANTED — Experienced dry goods salesmen.
Call at KOHLBERG. STRAUSS & FROH-
MAN'S. 107 and 109 Post st.
WAITER wanted. 916 Michigan «t.. Potrero.
WANTED — Experienced stock clerk for cloaks
and suits. CAILLEAU'S. 114 Kearny at.
SHOEMAKERS wanted on 'repairing; steady
work. C21 "Sacramento st.
BARBERS — For Bale: Good paying 3-chair ho-
tel shop. For particulars, come and see me,
632 Third st.
WANTED— Honest man with $123 to take
• cash and assist In restaurant; $40 month and
.found; no experience. BROWN, 1221 Market.-
BOYS wanted — 14 to 21 years old. Apply at
607 Market «t.
2-CHAIR barber shop and bedroom Bet; bar-
gain; owner leaving city. 1119 Folsom st
LARGE, handsome bay horse for business or
surrey; safe for lady. 607 Jessie st., nr. 6th.
PHAETON, $40; top buggy, $40; buggy. S20;
big horse. $35; tent' $7 50. 79 City Hall ive.
WANTED — Boy of 16 or 17 years, residing
with parents. Box 1745, Call office.
WANTED — Young men to learn barber trade.
S. F. Barber College. 741A Howard st.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly dainaged, half
price. 5G3 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
2000 PAIRS of new and second-hand shoes for
1 sale cheap. McDONALD & PERRY. 241 3d.
PENSION atty.. E. A. Bullis, room 40, Phelan
big. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post, G.A.R.
500 MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army shoes,
50c up; soling 20c up. 023 Howard st.. nr. 5th.
iWANTED — Amateur musicians to Join a mili-
tary reed band; also for string orchestra.
328 Bush St., third floor, room 4.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Europe and
Australia. HERMAN'S. 20 Steuart St.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. 563 Mission St., bet, 1st and 2d sts.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket — 200 rooms, 25c night; reading rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1090
Valencia at.
. HORSES AND WAGONS.
JUST arrived — 20 fine work, driving and sad-
dle" horses, weighing from 1200 to 1600; well-
matched teams, thoroughly broken; come and
- see them at Occidental Horse Exchange. 246
Third st. WM. Q. LAYNG, proprietor.
A LOT of horses for sale at Arcade Horse Mar-
ket. 327 Sixth St.; also buggies, wagons, har-
ness, etc.; auction sales every Wednesday at
11 a. m. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
RACE horses — The famous Searchlight and
. Grace Thoborn cheap. Inquire OR^tSBY,
26 Montgomery t st. -' - . -
FOR Sale, Santa Rosa Salesyard — Just arrived,
several fine road and business horses new
buggies and harness. 1499 Market, cor. 11th.
San Francisco Veterinary College — Fourth ses-
sion begins June 9. Catalogues by applying to
. M. L. PANCOAST. Sec.. 510 Golden Gate ave.
ALL kinds of wagons,- buggies, carts, harness,
etc., cheap. EGAN & SON, 2117 Mission st.
Largest stock 2d-hand wagons, buckboard. sur-
rey, harness, work, driving horses. 15th& Valencia.
AN Al express wagon, single; also light camp-
lng wagon for sale cheap. 532 Mission st.
. _ HOUSES TO~LET. -
A — PRINTED list houses to let; send for cir-
cular. ,G.H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
• COTTAGE, six rooms:. 9 Ewer place, off
Mason, between Clay and Sacramento. Ap-
ply 10 Ewer place. ' . \
.. '„„„„„ "525?^?^ :?y. A^T E P' .:-- • ;^
COUPLE -wants house or flat to care for dur-
ing > summer for • free rent; best references.
Address box 874, Call office.
. FLATS T^^LETj^FJDRXISHED.^
COMPLETELY, furnished flat of 5 rooms; sun-
.- ny; piano, -gas range; rent reasonable; phone
. Fell l:$71. ; 814 - Scott St.. between McAllister
.. and Fulton. - T ;. -~ ... .. ..-"
FLAT. 1104 Eddy st.— Furniture. : carpets, etc.,
. for sale at a sacrifice on account of depart-
; nre! call 9 to 11 :30 a. m. . ' ¦
Ft«AT for sale cheap; 5 rooms and bath; every
room sunny; good location ;' low rent. Box
899, Call office.. ¦_; ----- ¦ -. ' " • ••" '.
BEAUTIFULLY furnished sunny 7-room flat:
,- piano; garden. 2S33 ; Washington «t. ¦ ' n
AN " upper flat, 6 sunny.- furn. . rooms and bath ;
rent $27 60. 1620 Central ave.. near Sutter.
GOLDEN GATE. 1517— 4. rms.; bath; gas range:
garden; $25; lower flat, 2 rms.. $12 50: 1 to 4.
FLAT .WANTED:
WANTED— Furnished flat from 5 to '7 rooms;
located between Jones and Van Ness, Eddy
¦ and Post; adults. Box 875, Call office.
1 FLATS FOR SALE — FURNISHED.
ELLIS. 828 — Don't fall to see flat; elegantly
furnished; bargain; all new.
___JFUIISITURE FOR SALE.
THE new and up-to-date furniture and carpets
of an 8-room modern sunny flat near. Van
Ness ave., on Eddy st. ; Box 994, Call office.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak. $48 60, with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
HOUSE, 7 rooms, bath, basement; furniture
and carpets for sale cheap. • 842 Capp Bt. *
"it WANTED. _
BIG price paid for furniture for 60 days; special
reasons.^S. J.'WAUGH, r. 415, Examiner big.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St.. pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
'gloves.
TRY Danicheff One Dollar Glove; you will
never wear others; warranted. 121 Grant ave.
' HELP WANTED FEMALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 429 Bush st.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Head waitress, summer resort $35
¦. Waitress, same place... $20
Chambermaid, same place $20
....(See party here at 9 a. m. to-day.)....
2 waitresses, summer resort, short dis-
tance '.... . .$20
2 waitresses, commercial hotel, south $20
Chambermaid to wait, same place $20
(Fare paid for above.)
Pantrygirl, summer resort. .$25
- Waitress, same .place. $20
2 laundresses, summer resort, fares paid.. $50
Waitresses, Boulder Creek, Mariposa, Salinas,
Napa. San Rafael, Mendoclno County.. $20, $25
Mangle girl, institution '. .$15
20 waitresses, city and spring hotels.. $20, $25
Lunch waitress ' $3 60 week
Nurse, institution, found and washing, coun-
try . . .$30
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Ranch cook, $25, fare paid; waitress, private
family, country, $30, see party here; cooks,
housegirls, second girls, nursegirls. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 429 Bush st.
MAN and wife for hand washing, summer re-
sort. $50; fare paid. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
429 Bush et. k ¦
WANTED — 2 cooks, no washing, $30, $35; 2
cooks, little washing, $30, $35; cook and sec-
ond girl, same house, city, $30, $25; cook and
second girl, same house, Sacramento $25,
$20; 4 second girls, city and country. $25; 4
waitresses for summer resorts, $20, $25, fare
paid; 4 cooks, country hotels, $30, $35; pastry
cook, mining camp, $30; 6 restaurant wait-
resses, $7, $8; nurseglrl, country, $15; second
girl, care for house when lady goes to coun-
try. $25; 90 girls for all kinds of housework,
places too numerous to advertise. Apply to
J. F. CROSETT, 334 Sutter St.
MRS. M. E. DAY Phone Main 1575
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Head waitress, first-class hotel, $35, see party
10 a. m. ; ; 2 waitresses, first-class hotel, $25.
fares paid; 3 waitresses, same commercial
hotel, near city, $20; 10 waitresses, springs
and resorts, $25 and $20; 8 waitresses, city,
$25 and $20; chambermaid, city, $20; 2 cham-
bermaids to wait, $20^ pantry woman,
springs, $25; starch lroner, springs, $30, fare
both ways.. MRS. M. E. DAY. 335 Geary st.
SECOND girl, two In family. $25; waitress,
$30; nurse, $20; cook, $30; mother and
daughter, $45; ranch cook,. $25; boarding-
house cook. $30; 50 housegirls, $25 and $30;
two waitresses, same hotel, $20 each. MRS
NORTON. 313 Sutter st.
NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY TO LEARN
HOW TO SEW OVERALLS; WE TEACH
YQU FREE OF CHARGE AND PAY WHILE
LEARNING: BTEADY WORK; GOOD PAY.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. 82% FREMONT
ST.; MR. PAVI3. '.
OPERATORS and a number of bright girls
will be taken for- instruction on. overalls,
with a stated amount - guaranteed to begin-
ners. Standard Shirt Factory, corner Gough
and Grove sts. '
WHOLESALE house desires the services of a
competent woman whom, they may trust with
the management' of the business. Box 460,
Call office. •
FIRST-CLASS waitress, $5 per ¦ week; work
only 6 days per week. BREUSS Cafe, 70
Third at. ; |
GIRL for general housework and plain cook-
ing; no washing; wages $15 to $18. 249
Fourth et. - .
EXPERIENCED boxmakers and apprentices;
steady employment. STUPARICH MFG. CO.,
147 Fremont et. i
PANTS operators wanted by S. *N. WOOD &
. CO. Apply, at factory. 27. Geary st.
EXPERIENCED book folders wanted. Apply
to BUSWELL CO., 636 Clay St.
WANTED — Girls- to iron shirts. Apply THE
L. ELKUS CO.. 29 and 31 Battery Bt.
WANTED— A girl for general housework;
wages $20; sleep home. 1632 Union st.' '
GIRL wanted for baker store. Apply at 350
Duncan st..- corner Sanchez.
SALESLADY for tea and crockery store; state
experience. Box 462, Call office.
EXPERIENCED talloress on military blouses;
good wages. 916 Market st.. room 82.
EXPERIENCED waitress; also active young
girl to learn waiting at table. 725 Market st.
STRONG young woman to wash silver and
glasses In restaurant pantry.' 725 Market st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman to do light housework;
wages $15. 2507% Mission st. ' ..
WANTED — Young girl for general housework;
wages $15. 2107 California st.
.WANTED— Lady piano player for country
roadhouse. Box 924, Call office.
WANTED— Experienced baby's nurse, able to
sew. Apply 525 Eighth St.. Oakland.
GIRL for general housework and cooking, $25.
1536 Ninth St., Alameda. .- : ¦¦-.-.
PANTS finishers; 75c a pair; steady work.
858 Howard st., bet. 4th and 5th, over hand-
ball court. (
BUTTONHOLE maker and finishers on vests,
and finishers on pants. BELASCO & HAR-
RIS CO., 541 Market St.
OPERATORS and learners on muslin under-
wear; paid while learning. G. W. REY-
NOLDS. 507 Mission St., corner Second.
GERMAN woman that speaks English to take
care of Invalid lady; no housework; wages
$20. Apply at HARRIS'. 105 Stockton st.
AT. Larkspur, a middle-aged woman for gen-
eral housework: 2 adults and -1 boy 3 years.
Apply A. MORGENTHAL. 63 Flood building.
WANTED — Good laundress In a' private fam-
ily; city references required; wages $30.
¦ Call from 9 to 12 a. m., 621 Leavenworth st.
GIRL wantea to do general housework and
plain cooking ; German preferred. 2431 Fol-
Bom St.; call from 9 to 12 a. m. j
WANTED — A good vest operator: also one girl
. to assist on machine. Apply factory S. N.
WOOD & CO.. 27 Geary st., : top floor. ,
WANTED — Girl to assist in light housework
and do plain cooking; family of 4; wages $10.
¦Apply to-day In the forenoon 251 Scott st.
WANTED— Experienced salesladies for fancy
dry goods. Call at KOHLBERG, STRAUSS
& FROHMAN'S.' 107 and 109 Post st. ,
LADY partner wanted ; palmistry parlor. Call
• afternoons 478. Fell. St., MRS. EARLE.
GIRL to assist with housework; small family.
.1232 Octavia st. : • ,'• ¦ <
MIDDLE-AGED woman to assist In general
' housework; sleep home; wages $15. -704 Ellis.
WANTED — A girl for general housework; good
. wages., 203 Valencia St.. after .9.. '
WANTED — Girl for general housework; need
not cook; small family. .Call 1831 Eddy st. .
GIRL for plain cooking and light housework;
family of 3. - 3022 Clay st.' .
JWANTED-^German " girl, to do ! chamber work
and wait at table. 1534 Kentucky at, Petrero.
OPERATORS and finishers on gents' custom
and stock shirts. ROGERSON'S. 535 Valencia.
WANTED — Several salesladies for Mission dry
- goods store. Box 881. Call office. ,- ¦.
TALENTED amateur performers. Apply - at
Chutes 6 p.. m. l Wednesday; salary no object.
WANTED-t-A woman- to- cook for men. -¦ Ap-
'¦', ply at 2030 -Seventeenth at. :¦.-'... V .: .'.
WANTED — Housekeeper for small family. Ad-
dress. box 7,:Su«ol;GIen, Cal. :
tAX FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
(tnttl 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES — S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
3C0 Hayes etreet: open until 9:30 p. m.
639 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
SIS Larkin Etreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
1941 Mission etreet; open until 10 p. m.
22C1 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 8 p. m. "
106 Eleventh etreet; open until 9 p. m. -
1CSG Valencia Etreet; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky etreets; open until 9 p. m.
22C0 Flllmore street; cpen until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
STARR KING Lodge. U. D.. F. and A. gh~
M., Mowry's Hall, will meet THIS _JV_
(WEDNESDAY) EVENING at 7:30 j&JZ
o'clock. Second Degree. By order of 'Tl
the W. M. A. A. ANDERSON. Secretary.
MOUNT MORIAH Lodge No. 44, F. and iT" j
A. M.— Called meeting THIS (WED-^*
NESDAY) EVENING, at 7:o0 o'clock. 7W\
Second Decree. » *
THEO. FROLICH. Secretary-
CROCKETT Lodge No. 139. F. and A. j,
M. — D. 3rd. THIS, May 21. at 7 p. m.
eharp. By order of the W. X. jSjK
H. FORTRIEDE. Secretary. 1
MISSION Lodge No 1159, F. and A. M. . m
—Called meeting " THIS (WEDNES- JL.
DAY) EVENING, at 7:."K> o'clock. Jfjtf
Third Degree by the officers of Ex-, »
ce'.sior Lodge No. 106. F. and A. M. By
order of the W. M. R. E. ALLAN. Sec.
NATIONAL UNION, Call- »i£?EKEi;2^
fcrria Council, mrets TO- "^SS5^S
NIGHT at Pioneer Hall. " 'xfck
Fourth St., at 8 o'clock (in
its new hall). Visiting friends cordially In-
vited. By order
A. H. KINGSFORD. President.
C. H. VAN ORDEN. Secretary.
IVANHOE Lodge No. 5. K. of P.. will SC
confer Esquire Rank WEDNESDAY, i^
May 21, 1902. at Pythian Castle. 909 o6Jc*J
Market Et.. at S:30 p. m. Members JtS*i?
of sister lodges cordially invited.
M. J. EROPHY. C. C.
O. NORCROSS, K. of R. and S.
UNITY Lodge No. Cl of S. F. and ;*r
Dirigo Lodge No. 224, K. of P.. of J^>
Oakland, -will corner Knight Rank vjCSfg
<long form) in honor of the Grand •«S»P
Lodge FRIDAY EVENING. May 23. at Na-
tive Sons' Hall. Mason St.. bet. Geary and
Post. All Knichts are cordially invited.
E. H. CLIFF. P. C.
ANNUAL Meeting— The regular annual meet-
ing of the stockholders of the Olympic Salt
Water Company will be held at the office of
the company. 327 Market st.. San Francisco,
Cal.. on MONDAY, the 2Cth day of May.
1PC2, at the hour of 3 o'clock p. m., for the
purpose of electing a board of directors to
*erve for the ensuing year, and the transac-
tion of such other business as may come be-
fore the meeting. Tran«fer books will dose
on Friday, May 16, 1902. at 3 o'clock o. m.
CHAS. A. GIBSON. Sec.
Office. 327 Market St.. fan Francisco. Cat.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United State* or Canada one year for $1.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 paces. In wrarcer for mailing; $1 per year.
AGENTS W ANTED.
WANTED — Man of good standing, large ac-
quaintance, to sell stock In a new mfg. coin-
rany; if ability is shown position will be
given In company; reference exchanged.
L M. C. box 595. Call.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
« R. W, KING. atty.. Examiner building, room
613; all cases: damages, estates, wills, mort-
gages, partnerships, attachments, collections,
etc.; legal papers drawn; consultation free; no
ad\ - ance charges; open eve's; call or write.
ADVICE free: divorces a specialty; quick; quiet;
no charge without success; established 1G yrs.
G. W. HOWE. 850 Market st.. cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; open every evening; low fees;
all cases. J. M. THURSTON. 819 Market St.
L. 6. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Mar-
ket ft.: consultation free: no fees in advance.
BICYCLES — For Sale or Exchange.
ALLEN has beet bicycles made; all'prices; call
before buyicg; repairing, tires, bells. 301
Larkin. 3u5T\Iarket. 19U8 to 1974 Page.
BIRDS, DOGS. ETC.
BOBISON'S BIRD STORE—
335 and 337 Kfiamy Bt.
ALL KINDS OF BIRDS, DOGS, ETC.
Largest and best appointed place in the country.
BO ARDING FOR CHILDREN.
GOOD home with refined- family (2 adults) for
child going to school: $7 month. 1C10U Bush;
phone Polk 2797; references exchanged.
BOOKS — NEW AND OLD.
BOOKS cf all kinds bought; libraries purchased.
H. C. Holmes 1149 Market; tel. Howard 1946.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A — DAIRY produce, delicatessen and tamale
depot clearing above $^50 per month; estab.
years; the beet investment in any kind of
business Call R. G. WILKE. 20% Kearny.
A — $800; PARTNER wanted in fine paying and
best located restaurant on Sutter et. ; sick-
ness compels owner to take good man as
partner or sell the whole business. See R.
G. WILKE. 20 Vt Kearny st.
A— 4800; RESTAURANT and chop house op-
posite railroad depot: place established years
and doing a good-paying business. Call R.
G. WILKE, 2614 Kearny Bt.
A — $350; SALOON In wholesale district; rent
$42 60; Diace is eetab. for many years and
doing a good -paying business; only reason
for eale partners- bought hotel In the coun-
try. Particulars R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny.
? — $2500; CORNER saloon on Montgomery
Bt.; established for years and known as first-
class paying proposition; rent $175; return
rent $1)9; investigate at once; rare chance.
R. G. WILKE. 2CH Kearny st.
$2700 — OYSTER and chop house; choice loca-
tion; daily receipts $150 to $175; very best
class customers; fullest investigation; clears
$400 to $600 month; genuine bargain. P.
S. PE LUCA & CO.. 318 Kearny st.
f 1600— AN elegant oyster and chop bouse; best
location; cheap rent; dally receipts guaran-
teed $35 to $40; sells at sacrifice on account
of elckness; look at this before buying else-
where. Apply P. S. DE LUCA, 318 Kearny
t.. room 1.
WE have lodging-houses, stores, restaurants,
laundries, saloons, hotels, cigar stands and
many other business chances for sale- also
city and country real estate for sale or ex-
change. Call or write for our free list. HEA-
LY & CARR Realty and Mining Co. 713
Market et.. room 406; tel. Jamea 412L '
A — HOTEL of 28 rooms, clearing $400 a month
will be sold on account of 111 -health. • • •
Grocery and bar, north of Market Et.; good
location. • • • Coffee saloon in central
location. • • • Bakery. In a good -country-
town. • • • For particulars call on JOS.
STRAUB. S50 Market Bt.
A— $325; BRANCH bakery and variety store; 4
rooms; cheap rent. STRAND. 1007% Market.
A— RESTAURANT: best In city; receipts $30
day; offer wanted. STRAND. 1OC7>4 Market.
BUTCHER shop; fine fixtures; good cash trade;
old-established business; horse, cart; must be
scld this week; on easy terms; don't miss It.
CXil Business Board of Trade, 32e Pine 8t.^"
RESTAURANT— f 100 cash and $200 on time;
good business for man and wife. McBRIDE
& CO.r-7C5 Market Bt.
FOR Bale — We have 750,000 acres cf timber
that will cut 20,000 to 50,000 feet per acre
from $3 to $5 per acre: two-thirds red and
yellow cedar. For full particulars call or
write J. M. S.. agent. 2220 California St.
CHEAP; must be sold; roadhouse In good run-
ning order; parties going away. Inquire at
Call office.
GREAT bargain in small candy business la
very central locality. Box 597. Call office.
WANTED — A partner with small capital in
good -paying business. Box 599. Call office.
RESTAURANT for eale; old established place-
good business. 310 Third st.
FOR sale— Old-established place, oyster and
chop house; 344 Third; rest $20; price $300.
IF you want to buy good money-making res-
taurant, call at 410 Kearny st. Owner
going East; must be sold this month.
$400 — RESTAURANT and oyster- bouse; cen-
trally located; business clears $100 month;
«acrtfice on account wife's sickness. Box
651. Call office.
WANTED — Partner in buildirig and contract-
Ing business; German preferred. Apply at
Call office. Third and Market sts.
CHEAP; must be sold; roadhouse in good run-
ning order; parties going away. Inquire at
Call office.
ROUTE in Western Addition; building up dls-
trict; reasonable. Box 1702, Call.
FOR PALE — Blackamlthing and horseshoeing
business. 1718 Fillmore st.
$5000 ADDITIONAL capital; wholesale business
in connection with manufactory. Box 870, Call.
HOWARD and 19th — Grocery and bar; 4 living
rooms; etable; rent $15; price $300.
RESTAURANT for Bale — Cheap. 136 Second
street.
CIGAR etand for sale cheap. 222 McAllister
street. JThe following were the sales yesterday In the
'San Francisco Stock and Exchange Board:
• i .-•-?.; .' Mornlng« Session, a ¦ -
Caledonia .. 77 - 100 Mexican ... 47
; 300 Chollar 17' 200 Ophir 1 30
200 C C &,Va:.l 50 300 Potosi . .11
100 Gould & C. . 13 200 Sierra Nev.. 22
Afternoon Session. :
1100 Caledonia .".- -76 i 10O Overman j 24
200 C C & Va..l 50" 200 Overman .. 2::
lOO.CC & Va..l 45 300 Potost ..... 31
600 Mexican ... 49 600 Savage .... 13 -
300 Oph\r .....1 30 .-;•¦.,
¦ CLOSING . QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAT. May 20— I p m
. Bid. Ask.. i . -: Bid. Ask
i Alpha ...;.--. — ai Justice .'.....: (« 04
Alta .•.'...".-.- C2 05 Kentuck .";*..." 01 C2
Andes ... ... . 01 . 0'J Lady Washtn. — » 04
Belcher ...:.. 0« Cs Mexican .... . 4!> 50
Best & Belch.* IS 1!) Occidental ... 18 "0-
Bullion ...... 02 •• 03 Ophlr ~ .^1 25 1 5o
Caledonia ¦'"..'.': 70 ',71 Overman _.-. . 21 ¦¦ 22
Challenge Con-: 17 Mft Potosi ...... \ .to" at
Chollar,..;... - US • 17 Savage ...... 13'
Confidence .... CO 65 Scorpion .....; — 04
C <? & Va....l.45 1 W) Seg Belcher .. 02 03
COn Imperial ." — : 02 Sierra Nevaiui 21 22
,"Con L .N Tork:.'?01 02 Silver Hill ... 41-43
Crown-Point. , 0<> . OS , St : Louis ..V.<' 05
Eureka Con..." 18V. — Syndicate .... " — 07
Exchequer ... -01 , 02 Union Con... - 24 26
-Gould & C. '.'.-• 12 14 Utah ....:... 01' 03
Hale & Nor.. 23 - 24 Yellow Jacket' 20 22
-Julia.:.......' — 04
400 Belcher 06 200 Hale & Nor 22
100 Caledonia . . 80 CO" Mexican . . . 47
100 Caledonia . . " 79 • 200 Mexican ... 49
100 Caledonia . . 76 4C0 Mexican ... 60 -
200 Caledonia .. 72 150 Ophir .....127%
900 Challnge Cn 17 200 Overman .. 25
700 Chollar .... 16 400 Overman . . 23
2C0 C C & Va..l 47% 500 Overman . . • 22
200 C C & Va..l SO 400 Potosi ..... ,30 -•
SCO Hale & Nor.;. 23 400 Sierra Nev. 2:5
SCO Hale & Nor. 24 ICO Union Con.: 23
Afternoon Session,
200 C C & Va..l 47% 200 Ophlr .....1 32%
200 C C & Va..l 45 300 Ophir \ .. ..1 30
1100 Gould & C. . 12 ' 300 Ophlr 127%"
1000 Justice .... as 200 Overman .. 23
200 Mexican ... 47 700 Potosi 30
900 Mexican ... 46
Morning Session
The following were the sales yesterday in the
Pacific Stock Exchange: • . :,
MINING STOCKS.
.-•„ Francois and' Hannah Marx to-. Henry Marx,
lot on SE corner of Filbert and Laguha streets;
E 137 :6, 8 120. W 25, N 24, W 25, N 24, W
42 :C, S':3%, W 45, N 72:3%; quitclaim deed;
sio.- - . ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦¦ • ¦"' ¦--¦¦- ¦¦ ¦ ¦ ¦¦¦
.- City and County of San Francisco to P. F.
Dundon,' lot on SE corner of Oak and Flllmore
streets," E 100 by S 125; $ . - '*
"R H. Hazleton to W. C. Hazleton, lot on S
line of Vallejo street, 192: « E from Steiner, E
55 by S 137:6; gift. . ¦ . ..
John I. Sabin to Pearl L. Sabln. lot on N line
of Pine street, 119:8 E from Pierce, E 27:2%
by N,137:0; gift.
Eleanor,- G. O'Connell (single) to Agnes E:
O'Connell (single), lot on E line of Devisadero
street; 123:0 8 from Haight, S 23:9 by E 103;
also lot on.E line of Illinois street, 433 N from
Sierra,. N 1S3 by E 42; gift. •
; Emma S. Howe to Charles Levy, lot. on SW
corner of Oak and Scott streets, W 108:3 by S
25;$1O. - - ¦¦::¦. '" ' : ' : : • ¦ ' . - ¦ : ¦¦¦ ¦¦ .'
¦ Adolph ¦ D. '¦ Sweet > to Constance E. 'V.- ! Roberts
(wife of John G.) and Mary E." Roberts, - lot on
S line of Vallejo street. 112:6 W. f rom Broder
ick, W 50 by S \3T:6; $10. ;' - . , ;
I Baird Estate (corporation) to Jean B. Bernou,
lot on S line of. Page street, 118:9 E from Ma
sonic avenue, E 12:6 by S 137:6; $10.^ - | t
¦ 1 John Center to George S.', William H., Grace
M., Samuel M.- and . William H. Crim Jr.," lot
on NW corrier of Twenty-second and Harrison
streets, N 95 by W 72:0: also lot on W line* of
Harrison - : street, ' 215 : N ' from ¦ Twenty-second,
N 60 by W122:0; also lot on W'line of Howard
street . 1-5.1 :2 N from - Twentieth,- N 150 :4, W
122:0, N :4. W 122;fl, S 158:10, E 122:6. N 8:2,
E - 122:6; also lofonE line of ' Mission street,;
96 N from Twentieth, iNlCS by E 245; also lot
on E line of .'Mission street," 215 S fromTwen
tieth, S 30by E ,122:0;- also lot on E line of
Mission street; 217 Stfrom'Twenty-flrst.VS S8
by E 122:6; lot on W line of Howard street, 155
N from Twenty-second, N 67:6, W 245, S 62:0.
E 122:6, N 5, E liT2:6: also lot on NE corner of
Folsom -and > Twenty-third "t streets.^- N: 200, -,E
122:6,N 30,E 122:6. S 230, s W 245 -..also lot on
NW, - corner of ¦>¦ Twenty-third , and " Harrison
streets, iN 260 by W 245; also lot on SW corner
of : Twenty-flrst | and Alabama ; streets, W/50 by
S 110; also'lot on NW -corner of Twenty-second
and Bryant streets,. N 260, W 100, S 31.-W 100, 1
S 25. E.lOO.i S:104, E.50.S- 100; also lot on
NW -corner- of .\T.wenty-second/. and' -Florida
streets', N 104 by.W 50; also lot on SE corner of
Twenty-second and Florida streets; S . 100 by . E
50; also lot on SW corner of Twenty-second and
Bryant streets,- S lOOtby W 50: also lot, on W
line : of . Bryant i street,* 155 ¦ S from - Twenty-sec
ond,;S 75by -W100; also lot 4 onSE' corner of
Bryant anfl ; Twenty-second ' streets. E 25 ¦ by S
85 ; ' also lot : on E ' line - of ' Bryant '.street, 110 S
'•'Hlbernla Savings and Loan Society to* Joseph
Cuneo, lot. on E line of Franklin street, 90 N
from Filbert, N 63 by E 100; $2000. : -.V. , "? .-.-
Stetson G. ' and Saretta B. HIndes to George
W. and Mary E. HIndes, lot on N line of Union*
street;, 70.305 Wfrom Van' Ness avenue,. W 40,
N 65:7%, SE 7G:10&; ?10.
Mary, ! Lucius H. and Ellen Fortune to Ham
ilton Morgan, lot on S line '. of . Post ¦ street,
66:10% E from Polk, E 10:7 V4 by S 120; $10.. ;
TUESDAT, MAY, 20.
BEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Board—
100 Monte .Crlsto i. ... 1 40
2&GO Oil City Petroleum is
3000 Oil City Petroleum, b 90.......... 20
200 Sterling, b 90. ; 1 95
J 100 Sterling, s 90...;. 1 85
. 100 Sterling .a 87 W
300 Twenty-eight' ,.... 1 35
Afternoon- Session.
¦100 Clairmont .....'... ..... 25 ¦'•
300 Junction 22
100 Monte Crlsto ...: 1 37Vi
350 San Joaquin Oil & Development.. 7 75
j 575 San Joaquin Oil & Development.. 8 00
75 San Joaquin Oil & Development.. 8 12%
a 50 San Joaquin Oil & Develop, b 5.. 8 25
100 Sterling ............ ..i. ......... 1 90
300 Sterling .,.."..:........ l 87%
800 Sterling ..I.. 1 85
200 Sterling, b 30...... ....... 1 87%
. . Street — :' i - - s •
. 60 San .Joaquin Oil & Develop, b 10.. 8 25*
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
100 Giant Powder Con. . ....... 75 75
.25 Mutual Electric Light......... 4 50.
1 75 Oakland Gas .'....¦.... 63 50
25 Oakland Gas 63 62%
50 Oakland Gas -.;...'... 63 75
' 20 Oceanic Steamship" Company.. 30 00
100 Onomea Sugar Company 24 25
$i;000 S F & S J V Bonds ......121 25
Street — ; ' . . ' . ¦ . . ".
': 10 Alaska Packers' Association... 160 00
5 Hutchinson S P Co.\...; 13 12%
Late Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
Tuesday, , May ' 20.
Stmr Cheharis, Thompson. • 80 hours from San
Pedro, via Point Conception 30 hours. .-
Br stmr' Wellington, Salmond, 90 hours from
Comox, B C. -.-.-¦.•¦• „. • . , .
¦ Schr-Mary C. Campbell, 10 hours, from Bo
dega. ... / . ' ¦• - ' '• - ' -. ; ¦
DOMESTIC PORTS.
•ASTORIA— Sailed May 20^-Schr Ahbie, for
San Pedro. . . » "-v/.-,
Continued From Page" Eight.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
The Board of Public "Works yesterday
awarded a contract for the repaving of
Post street, between Powell and Taylor,
with bitumen to the City Street Improve
ment Company for $3712 70. This was the
lowest bid. the highest being Fllnn &
Treacy's, $4493 89. .
Board Awards Contract.
DENVER, May 20.— "The Rocky Moun
tain Limited," the new fast train of the
Chicago, Rock Island and Pacific road,
began its initial* trip eastward at 1 p. m.
to-day and will arrive in Chicago at 5
p. in. ¦ to-morrow.
¦ The equipment of this train makes it
one of thfe finest trains west of Chicago
and the running schedule is one of the
fastest. By an arrangement with two
lines running east of Chicago, quick con
nections will be made at Englewood, a
suburb of Chicago, with their limited
trains, making the trip to New York from
Denver complete in two nights.
RAPID TRAItf BEGINS
ITS FIBST FAST TBIP,
"Bocky Mountain limited" Starts on
the Initial Bun From
Denver.
Joseph L. Schmitt (owner) with Hannah
Bros, (contractors), architect M. J. . Lyon — All
work for a three-story and basement brick and
frame stable, on lot on,S Hne of Bush street.
150 E of Polk. E 50 by S 120; $ ., . '¦ •
Fannie A^ Gunn (owner) with R. H.' Walker
(contractor and architect) — All -alterations and
additions to change .'a' two-story .frame : build
ing (two flats) on lot on E line of ' Guerrero
street. No. "805. between Twentieth and Twen
ty-first; $1968. - . ...
¦?• Same owner with same contractors, architect
same — Concrete work, cementing and finishing
floors, sidewalk and areas, grading,* setting
curb, concrete steps, for a six- story and base
ment brick building on lot on. SW line of
Fourth* etreet. 308:4% SE of Mission, SE 34:4%
by SW 137:6: $633.
, .Same owner with Electrical Construction
•Company (contractors), architect same — Instal
lation. of incandescent wiring, wiring and fix
tures for telephone system, etc., for same on
tame;: $1388 50.
f*,Same owner with Gray Bros, (contractors);
architect same — Concrete work, etc., -for same
on- same; $763. •-. '.'.,-' ¦ - .
Minnie P. Shotwell (owner) ; with Charles
Floodberg and , H. McCaffrey (contractors),
architect | Nathaniel " Blaisdell— Lathing and
plastering -for a six-story and basement brick
building on lot on S line of Eddy street, 137:6
W Of Mason. W- 55 by S i37:6; $5500.
Builders' Contracts.
Rufus H. arid Ellen L. Hathaway to Anna
D. Joost (single), lot 6, block' 47, same; also
lot' 11, block 51, PaulTract; $450.
- Peter r A. L-lnd. alias Alex Lind. and Bessie
Lind^to Michael and Mary J. O'Connor, lot 23,
block 48. Sunnyside; $10. '
¦ Filippo and ' Antonetta Plngltore to Abe and
Charlie Rosenstein. lot on W line of San Bruno
streets 175 S of Dwight. S 25 by W 120. lot 3.
block 11, Paul Tract Homestead ; $10-
I Robert M. and Christine F. Williams to
Sarah A. Cook, lot on S line of J street,' 57:6
E of Forty-seventh avenue, E 50 by S 100; $10.
Solomon and Dora Getz to Rachel Davis, lot
on E line of Ninth- avenue. 200 N of I street,
N 25 by E 120;. $10.
Callaghan Estate Company (corporation) to
Charles Witt, lot on NW corner of Tenth ave
nue and 1 street, W 32:6 by N 100; $10.
\ Richard and Ann Murphy to Rose A. Kelly
(widow), lot on E line of Twenty-third avenue,
15O S of Clement street. S 25 by E 120; $1200.
Carl A. and Elizabeth A. Tornberg. John
H. and Mary i J. Claasen to • Eagle Brewing
Company (corporation), lot on E line of Har
rison street, 50 S of Eighteenth. S 75 by E
124:3; $10. i'i : .
Frank and Emil Happersberger and Eliza
Welsmann to J. F. D. Curtis (trustee i for Her
bert Farlngtori Pixley and Vera Weller Plxley
under will of Amelia V. R. Pixley, deceased),
lot on SE line of Park avenue. 125 NE of City
Hall avenue. NE 25 by 8E,lu0; $10.
Terrence Monaghan to same, lot on E line
of Larkln street, 87:6 S of Ellis, S 25 by E
137:6; $10. • . ¦ -
George and. Margaret Frltch to Orvllle D.
Baldwin, lot on NW corner of Green and Jones
streets, W 167:6 by N 137:6; $10. ',
John Zelle vs. Joseph L.. Charlotte L. and
Christopher L. Schmitz (by John Lackmann.
Sheriff) to Henrietta Zeile, lot on S line of
Pine street. 171:10% E of Stockton, E 34:4%
by S 137:6; $4500. • • •
Henrietta Zelle (widow) to Frank R. Gran
nis, same; $10.-- *"•;•
Domenico Cuneo to-AdoIph Meyer., same;. $2.
" Helen R. Chamberlain' to Domenico' Cuneo,
lot on Sllne of Pine street. 137:6 E of Stock
ton. E 34:4% by S 137:6. quitclaim deed; $2.
Patrick and Hannah Vahey to Patrick E..
Martin A., William C. and John F. Vahey. lot
on W line of Montgomery street, 62:6.N of
Greenwich. N 25 by W 87:6; gift:
¦ John C. and James "J. Moran to Maria B.
Moran, lot on E. line of Shotwell street. 57:0
N;of Twenty-third. Ni 25 by E 97:6: also lot
on E line of Harrison street. 104 N of Twenty
fifth. N 20 by. E 100; also all interest in estate
of Thomas J: Moran; grant.- ' '
Mary, Gallagher ! to Nora Sullivan (wife of
George) and Margaret CJonnors (wife of John),
lot on N line of Twenty-first street, 75 W
of Bryant avenue, W 25 by N 93; $10. • , ¦
Louis Metzger to Anita L. Harrington (wife
of G. H.). lot on E line of Bryant avenue. 30
N of Twenty-second. N 25 by E 100; $10.
Marten B. Joost to Frank Walters, lot on
SW corner of Seventeenth and Douglass streets.
S 110 by W 130: $4500. - . .
George and Bessie H. Flournoy . to Leon
Bocqueraz, lot on SE corner of 'Twenty-fourth
street and Hoffman avenue (Ellen street), E
125 by S 110; $10. . - -
' Henry Lux vs. Lena L.' McBride et al. to
Las An'mas and San Joaquln Land Company,
undivided -one-sixtieth interest in the f dllow
ing: Lot on SW corner of Potrero avenue and
Mariposa street, W 200, S 202:6. E 200. N
2<;2:5: also .lot on NE corner of Twentieth and
Guerrero streets, N 57 by E 75; also lot on
SW corner of Twenty-fifth and Fountain
streets, W 80 by S 120, lot 3, block 23, also
property outside of county; $6100.
'¦ Edward L. and Jennie A. Combs to Mary
Nagle (widow), lot on W line of 'Hartford
street, 234 S Of Eighteenth. S 25 by W ; 125;
$10. .'¦;, ¦:
i Thomas *. Jennings Jr. to Daniel O'Day. lot
on S line of 'Fourteenth street. 275 E of San
chez, E 25, 3-101:8, -SW 32:10%, N 122:0%;
$10. , - . ¦. _ :.-¦
Estate Amelia R. Scott (by Frank Garcia,
C." M.-. Gerrlsh and C. S. Tilden, executors) : to
Margaret Nolan, lot on W line of . Mission
street, 185 S of Eighteenth, S 25 by W 80;
$:j000. . . l - .' ¦ .. . ¦ . •¦ ¦;' -..
from Twenty-second. S 75. E 140, NW 83, W
102:11; also lot on SE corner of Treat avenue
and Twenty-third street, E 50 by S 80; also lot
on .' SW comer of Twenty-third and Harrison
streets. S 95, W 122:6, S 9. W 22:6. N 104, E
145;,- also lot on SW 'corner of Twenty-third
street and Treat avenue, W 50 by S 100; quit
claim deed; $5. - • . i
THE /SAX'*) FRANCISCO. CALL, WEDNESDAY^MilY 21,^1902.
11
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE. 1 , '
$3250 — A VERY pretty cottage of 6 rooms and
•bath -in the Daley Scenic Park; large -lot;
' fine- view; a -bargain. JOS. J. MASON.. Real
Estate, Berkeley Station.- . .' * : •- ••«•
LOT 83x230; 8-room houae; stablei windmill;
1 chicken houses; fruit trees and berries; worth
$3600; will accept reasonable cash offer; $1000
can remain on mortgage. • Box 007, Call.
COTTAGE — 8 rooms, modern convenience, bath,'
«tc. ; easy payments. MTJRDOCK. 814 Pine.
Mill Valley Adyertisemepts.
MILL VALLEY REAL ESTATE. ;
HOUSE. 5 rooms and bath, unfurnished, up-
stairs, 3 rooms below; In fine condition; sun-
¦ all day; large lot; stable, fruit trees; fine
place for chickens; 5 minutes. to depot; $17 50
per month by the year. ¦ S. H. ROBERTS,
Real Estate. Mill Valley, Cal.
2 UNFURNISHED houses, one 5 rooms, one 3
rooms; glass porch; stable below; lot 100x200;
near the Cascades; suitable for* hotel pur-
poses ; sunny; to rent by the season or -year.
S. H. ROBERTS. Mill Valley, Cal.. '
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE good and cheap this month! H.
SCHELLHAAS. 408 Eleventh st. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
ARIElTand^clar "flats', 525-531 Turk— Hot and
. cold water baths, electiic lights, free; fur-
nished or unf ur. ; tel. EfeBt 312; Sutter 41.
BELL (The), 1773. Market— Sunny suites, with
- . kitchen. * gas or coal stove, $12, to $20. '
FILLMORE, 2219, near Clay — Five sunny fur-
nished rooms; bath; nice yard; housekeeping.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 622 — Sunny front bay-
window suite; 2 or 3 rooms; gas range, bath.
HOWARD, 1214 — 2 or 3, large sunny furnished
cr unfurnished housekeeping rooms; phone.
HYDE, 408— Sunny furnished parlor and
kitchen; also rear basement suite; gas stove,
yard, laundry. ,
LARKIN. 623. near Ellis— 3 or 4 sunny- rooms
•with regular kitchen; gas range, yard, front,
hall; also single room; price reasonable. '
LEAVENWORTH, 411— For rent, nicely fur-
- nished front housekeeping room. -.*'.
McXLLISTER, 536— Large front sunny room,
complete for housekeeping; gas range; phone;
;bath. ¦ ¦ .¦ *
OAK, 125 — Two nicely furnished basement
rooms, $10. • ,' . '
POST, 636 — Large. front room; running water;
pas; bath; other rooms. .
SIXTH, 123% — Nicely - furnished sunny front
room for light housekeeping; quiet; cheap.
SEVENTH, 28 — Nicely furnished sunny suite,
$16; also eunny rooms with range, $8.
STEINER, 1325, cor. Ellis — 3 sunny rooms;
modern improvements; piano, phone, etc. .
STOCKTON, . 1206— Model house; newly fur-
nished; free gas; housekpg, $10 to $12;. bed.
TWELFTH, 10," near Market — 7-robm flat newly
'furnished; newly papered and painted; rent,
$30;" 4 fine beds; all clean; large yard. ¦
VALENCIA, 1208%— Three nice furnished
housekeeping rooms; cheap. • • ." '
A ERANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 100(1
Valencia st.
ROOMS TO LET — Fan. and Unf urn.
ARGYLE~UotelT234 McAlTi^r^jJewTeiegant
sunny; 75c day upward; McAllister cars to
door; handsomest grill room in California.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 148 A Sixth— Rooms,
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5" per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night
A— EDINBURGH. 239 Powell, corner Geary—
Bunny rms.; single, double; mod. conven'cea
ALL choice neat sunny suites or singles; day,
, week or month; bath; phone: 332 Stockton.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
' nished rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH. 2311, near Steiner — Fine large front
room, - furnished suitable for 2; no objection
to light housekeeping. . ...
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis.- cor. Mason—^Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable, a
EDDY, 3 — Sunny . furnished rooms, $150 up
"week. . . 1 •
ELLIS. 321 (Mozart)— Nicely furn. rooms. 35c.
' $150 night: $150. $6 week; open*all night.
ELLIS, 635, corner Larkin — Bay-wlijdow al-
- cove; mantels, closets; 2 or 3 persons.
FOLSOM, 834 — 2 sunny furnished rooms, with
closet and bath; $1 and $1 23.
GEARY. 405 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnlsh-
,ed suites and single; travelers accommodated.
Grand Southern, 7th & Mission — Rooms 35c to
$150 night; $175 to $5 week; reading room.
MINNA, 007, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room; $1 per week; transient.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; ¦ elec. lights; day, week, mo.
ROYAL House. 120 Ellis — Incandescent light, '
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 50; week, $2
. to $8; month, $8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SAN CARLOS ave.. 264 — Sunny front room,
suitable for lady; phone; bath; priv. family, •
SEVENTH. 28 — Nicely furnished sunny bay-
window room. $10- $12; also housekeeping rms.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth st,
near Market — Furnished; also 3 unfurnished.
SUTTER, 1022%. near -Hyde— 2 large sunny
parlors, furnished ; phone. . ;
TURK, 543 — Large front room; grate, gas and
bath; light housekeeping if desired; $3 50
per week. ,
TURK, 836 — 2 small connecting rooms for lady;
fine view; every convenience; $10; ref. ex. .
TWO sunny connecting rooms for gentleman;
central; private family. Box 471. Call office.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established: at 1036*
Valencia st. • • .
ROOMS AND BOARD.
CORBIN, The, 836 Sutter st, corner Leaven-
worth — Nicely furnished rooms; single and
.. suits; all sur.ny; table first class..
CALIFORNIA, 807 (Stevenson Mansion) — Select
family hotel; exceptional table; popular rates.
IRVINGDALE,' 626 Eddy— Sunny rooms, en
. suite or single; good table; i reasonable. : j -¦
LAMBOURNE. 420 Eddy— High-class house;
furnlEhed suites or single; steam heat.
THE HKATH. 312 Eddy st. is now under the
management of MRS. M.-K. WILLIAMSON.
1 _ _ _ ¦_ '¦_ SPEC! A.L v- NOTICES.""?
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC . COLLECT f ON
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms 9-10; tel. '- 6580. '
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
1'IF.RCE-RODOLPH Storage & Movlng"co?ofT
flee Post and Powell sts. ; tel. j Priv. Ex. 571?
GOLDEN WEST Storage; advances made. 840
Mission st; tel. Howard 941. F. W. Zehfuss.
BEKIN8 Van and Storage Co., 630 Market st;
•tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 F'llmore Bt.; phone Jackson 28L ¦
DISSOLUTION OF PARTNERSHIP.
NOTICE of dissolution.— The co-partnership
• heretofore existing between the. undersigned
fs this day dissolved by mutual consent. H.
A. DENHARD withdraws from the firm and
E. A. KOLB takes over all the assets and
assumes all the liabilities and will continue
m the business at the same stand, 417-419 Mont-
' gomery st., San* Francisco, under the firm
name of THE KOLB . COMPANY. All ac-
i counts due or to become due Kolb '& Den-
hard must be paid to THE KOLB COMPANY
only. - Dated San Francisco,- April 22, 1902,
H. A. DENHARD,
¦ ' E. A. KOLB.
PROPOSALS. •¦ . > " 7^
PROPOSALS for coal— Office - of^~General
; Superintendent, Army ; Transport Service
San Francisco, Cal., May 17,- 1902. Sealjd
proposals in triplicate for furnishing and de-
llverine * on board ' army transports at San
Francisco. * California, forty thousand tons
. average - steam coal, or- such i portion thereof
as may be required, will be received "at this
office until 12 m. June "2, 1902, and then
* opened. : Information furnished r on . applica-
tion. . Envelopes containing proposals ; should
' be ¦ indorsed, • "Proposals for Coal," ,-, and-' ad-
. dressed to C. A. DEVOL, General Superln-
¦- tendent. - - . ¦ . •¦ . - . . , .' ¦ • ¦¦:,-,
PROPOSALS will be, received at the Bureau of
.Supplies and Accounts,, Navy Department,'
¦ Washington. . D.' C, until 12-. o'clock noon,
June 3. 1902,, and publicly opened lmmediate-
,.- ly ..thereafter. . to furjilsh a quantity,- of bar
iron.', Blank proposals will be furnished upon
application to the Navy • Pay ; Office, r ~\ San
¦ Francisco/ Cal. 1 ,': or to -the Bureau. A. • S.-
KENNY. Paymaster General U. S.. N.* 8-1-02 ¦
¦ PROPOSALS— Continued.*
PROPOSALS ~for~"ciothing * and - Equipage-
Depot Quartermaster's Office, 36 NewMont^
gomery Street, San Francisco, Cal.. May 20,
• 1902.— Sealed proposals in triplicate .will* be
received at this office until 10 o'clock a. m.,'
Friday, Junp 6th, 11X12, Pacific Standard time,'
. and then opened, for furnishing Jean Draw-
ers,-, Light - Weight - 4 .Wool, 'Stockings. 1 .. Woolen
, I Drawers, . Campaign" Hats, Regulation Muslin
, Shirts, Chambray Shirts, Heavy, WoqlStock-
. ings, Cotton Undershirts, Wool Undershirts,"
Light Weight Collarettes and 'Wool , Under-
' shirts. Heavy. :Weight .Collarettes, 'Russet
..Shoes. Black Calfskin Shoes. Waist Belts.
Linen Collars and: Ponchos. •¦•-, Quantities to b«
subject to an Increase of 20 per cent.* if desir-
ed by. this Department. Bids will be opene-1
-for the delivery of the same ¦ ; , articles , ' at
either the Kan Francisco,' Boston, Chicago and
Philadelphia depots.- >To avoid '¦•" misunder-
standing a3 to the exact nature 'of , the ar-
ticles to be furnished, bidders will carefully
examine" the standard samples and specifi-
cations, so ' that proposals may.be submitted
by 1 hem with a full knowledge of: what will
, be required," as an absolute compliance with
' the .standards and specifications will be'in-
. sisted ¦ upon ,in the inspection of the- goods.
-Unguaranteed bids, and ..bids '.upon samples
differing from standards* and specifications,
"will, under.no circumstances, be . entertained.
Proposals 'for -less quantities than advertised
.'for, will be entertained. • Bids for delivery or
inspection at other points than those named
above wlUnot'be considered? Early deliver-
ies are essential. Bidders must state in 'their
.' proposals" ' the • rate and time : : of , delivery,
should contract ¦ be awarded' to thum. The
¦ articles advertised for are the , same .; for
¦• which bids will be opened at the other de-
pots.- Preference Will be given to articles of
domestic production and manufacture, . condi-
tions of price and quality- being- equal, (In-'
eluding In the price of foreign production and
manufacture the |duty thereon) and such
N preference will.be given to articles of Ameri-
can production and manufacture produced on
the Pacific Coast to the extent: of the con-
• sumption required by the public service there.
. The United States reserves the right to accept
or reject any ¦ or • all proposals • or any part
thereof. Information and blanks for proposals
will be furnished on a plication. Envelopes con-
taining proposals will be endorsed "Proposals
No. 4034," and addressed , to Major C. P.
Miller, Quartermaster, U. . S. . Army, Depot
Quartermaster. - . ' '• ¦ " ' ' " ~ ..„; ,*j . ;_
OFFICE of C. Q., M.. Vancouver- Barracks.
Wash., May 12. 1902 — Sealed 'proposals. • in
triplicate, will be received here /until .11 a.
¦m.. May 26, 1902, for furnishing such- quan-
tity- of -bituminous coal as may be required
' from timer to time during fiscal . year com-
mencing July -1, 1902. for supply, to vessels
pertaining to the Quartermaster's Depart-
ment at Portland, Oregon. Information fur-
nished here or at -Depot Quartermaster's Of-
fice. Portland. Oregon. • U. S. reserves , right
: to reject or accept any or all proposals or
• any part thereof. Envelopes containing pro-
posals should be marked: "Proposals for
Coal ¦ at • ' — ." ¦ addressed J. . W. Jacobs,
C. Q. M. -¦¦ ¦ --- »:¦./ ' ¦' ,. 1 '-^. ¦•¦¦¦•
PROPOSALS for coal— Office of General Su-
perintendent. Army Transport Service,' San
Francisco, Cal.. May 1», 1902. — Sealed pro^
posals in triplicate tor furnishing and deliv-
ering at Honolulu. H. T., ten thousand tons
average Steam Coal, or such portion thereof
as may be required, will be received at this
office until 12 m., Jtine 20, 1902, and then
J opened. Information, furnished on appllca-
tlon. Envelopes containing proposals should
be indorsed "Proposals .for Coal for Hono-
lulu," and addressed to C. A. , DEVOL, Gen-
eral . Superintendent. . •*¦ ', ¦ ¦ . ¦•-*¦
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licences were issued
yesterday: . • ' , ' * -. -:
LouiaJ. Goldman, 21. city,, and Isabel S.
Wolf, 18. city. •
Jerome Hohbach, 24, city, and Maud M»
Fairbanks, 23, San Jo«se.
. Edward • A. Nis, 32, Berkeley, .and ; Theor
dora Payne,»30, San Jose. ¦' - . . ...-,
'George' E. Steunenbergr, -31, -Boise City,
Idaho, and Cordelia- L. Wetjen, 22, 708 Capp.
-Frederick B. Weule, 23, Sacramento, and'
Maude N. Carrlngton, 20, city. .
•', John McKane, 39, Rossland. B. C, and Flor-
ence Sinclair, 29, Santa Barbara.
August Welke. 33, 202 Natoma street, and
Louisa Pfund, 34. 715 York street.
Edward F. Glllesple, 26, city, and Annie
Caslln, 21, city. • .
Edward- H. Morris. 36, city, and" Hattle
Smith, 19. Oakland.
Eberhard Lacher, 42, Pee Ell. Wash., and.
Josephina Muller, 35, Pee Ell, Wash.- . * !
• Meyr Ferkeltaub, 45, 46. Rausch street, and
Lena Penkovlch, 20, 43 Rausch street
B. Frank Otten, 42, St Paul, Minn., and
Georgia* Hoi ton. 19, city. \ .-¦ ... •- •
" Frederick B. Taylor, 21. Pasadena, and Julie
Dupont, 55, Paris, France. "¦ . , •
Edward H. O'Neill. 26, Pinole, and Evalyn
G. Walsh, 21, 560 Octavia street :
Frank H. Laws, 24, 629 Valencia street, and
Lillian -M. Vowell; 19, 703 "Taylor -street. ~:;
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES^-DEAm ..
..Birth, marriage' and death 1 . .rsotlcea sent'by-
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
Bona authorized to have the same published.
' ~~ BORN. J
CONDON — In this " city, May 2, . 1902, to , the
wife of John D. Condon, a daughter... . , .
DEBIOLLES — In this city. May. 20, 1902, to
the wife of Charles Deblolles, a son. .
FISHER— In. this city, May 14. • 1902, to the
wife, of W. F. Fisher (nee Cronan), a
daughter. • - ' ' ¦ ¦ , . ¦
~~ : MARRIED. ~~
JAMES — McPHERSON — In this city. May 19,
1002, by v Rev. - Jfchh A. B.' Wilson, Henry
Lawrence James I and Gladys Sarden Mc-
Pherson, both of this city.
LAUTHIER— WHITTEN— In, ,'thls city. May
17, 1902. by the Rev. Frederick A. Doane;
Louls Leo Lauthier and Mabel Whltten, both
of San Francisco. . ,
MENGOLA— LOSEKANN— In this city, May
17, 1902. by the Rev. Mr. McGough, George
D. Mengola and Ida L. Loaekann. , ; ¦¦•-.:• - >•
. DIED. ~~
Beck/ Henry ... ,- Hact, Walter TV i2
Brown, Daniel ¦' Kazinsky, Julius J '
Buechel, Sophie M. ¦'.'¦ - : Kelly, Joseph H. \
Butler, JWllhemina . McDonald, Mrs. Kate
Carter, Wlllard S. McManus, Edward
Cleary,' Mamie Nelson, Lilly May
• Cornepe, Bernard II. Proctor, Bertene E.
'¦ Dole, Elbrldse- •¦ . .Ramsden, Lizzie
Doyle, Mrs. Ellen . , Richter, - Mary - ¦
Durnnan, Albert Lee- Rosette. "- Marie J.
.Dutcher, Elizabeth .- Schenk, • Charlotta ¦ :
Elliott, George Spalght, John P.
Fischer. ¦ Margaret Stoesser, Otto
Fox, Henry George ,' .
BECK— In this city, May IS. .' 1902, '' Henry*
-Beck, dearly beloved husband of Julia- Beck,
and beloved . father of John L.,- George H.,
Charles, Lizzie, William F.' Beck and
- Mrs. J. M. Wyckoft and the late Mary
Beck, a native of Germany, • aged 72 -years
2 months and 4 days. \ ' ,-, ¦ , '..
- U"7Friends and acquaintances are- respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral . to-day
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from, his late
residence. 1106% Treat avenue, between
Twenty-fourth and Twenty-fifth streets. In-
terment Cypress . Lawn : Cemetery. .
BROWN— In : Petaluma, Cal., i May 20, 1902,
Daniel, beloved hueband of. Annie Brown,
and devoted father, of Mrs. G. P. Hall, Dan-
iel Brown of Fresno, Mrs. J. J. O'Connor
and Josephine, Emma, Elise and Vincent
Brown, a native of Ireland, aged 70 years.' •
ICTNotice of funeral • hereafter.
BUECHEL-^-In this city, . May 20. 1902, . Sophio
"Marie, beloved wife of Lid ward. Buechel,
• .mother of Mrs. A. Greub, ' and sister of Mrs.
Lucy Luchmann, .Mrs.- Julia -Ehrich . Mrs
Elizabeth Lutgens. and Louis . and Fred
' Bruse, a native of.Lubeck, Germany, ¦ aged
63 ; years 11 months and '22 days. (Clinton
' Iowa, papers please copy.) - , , ¦ . . -. j '
CC" Friends and' acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
- (Thursday), May 22, at 2 o'clock, from her
late - residence, . 120 Colilngwood. street, be-
tween Eighteenth and' Nineteenth,' Castro
and Diamond streets. ' *¦ . , ¦ ,.
BUTLER— In this city, May 19, 1902, Wilhe-
mlna, beloved . wife of. John Butler, -mother
of Mrs. A. H. Rising, Louis and Etta But-
> ler, and sister of - Mrs. Theresa •¦ Boch -and
Mrs. Anna Mitchell, - a * native of Germany
ICTFuneral services Wednesday, May 1 21*
1902,. at 10 o'clock, at her lfte residence
'; 220U. Steiner street. ' : "¦ - ¦" , : '.*
CARTER— In Oakland, May 20, 1902; Willard
¦ S., beloved husband: of Mrs. Kate E. Carter
and' brother, of -Maggie Carter of Albany N
Y.,'a native of: New -York,, aged 68 years. -'-
CLEARY^Iri ; thijs" city,'-. May 20, 1 : l002, : rMamie
dearly. beloved .wife of William Cleary (nee
Egan),; and loving s daughter of -James and
¦ Katherine .Euan,- and . sister, of • James An-
;nie, Alice, * Lena. Agnes and Walter 'Egan
HENRY j! GALLAGHER^dpT
.. (Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher i "'•-'
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS
20 Fifth-Bt, opposite Lincoln School
¦ Telephone - South 80, . . . • --• ¦ , ..
Mt; 0 live t: Cemetery, ?¦
: "": l NEAREST, THE •CITY."-.' 1 ' V'.Vr
Office; 916 Market Street. ?
; Telephone Bush 367. :'. . ~\',j '''
1 NEWi FIRM \ OF UNDERTAKERS.
' - Samuel McFadden,: IS years manager for
the United Undertakers' Association; M.J.*.
McBrearty, with the same company for 10
'¦years; , P. F.- Green, late with • J. c. > O'Con-
nor & Co., have, opened new Funeral Par-'
,'lors at • 1171* Mission st.; between Seventh'
jand.Eighth.'r iTelephone ,; South 1 44. ¦ ¦•;:¦ :---\
jIwited undertakers)
J ; %7 nn* 20 FLfth St. Tel. South 197 1
. FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMEKS.|
'. 1 1 r 1 nest r. Equipment Moderate Hatft. . V
REAL _p.STATO-^ITY—--FORSAJL^.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO., '
638 Market Street. ' . .
$8,000— Northeast line of Sixth st, 25x90 feet:
three-story building -containing store
and flats, renting for $720 per, annum;
- brick foundation.
$7,000 — Two modern UD-to-date flats of 5 and
>• «.?-•• . 6 rooms and bath, renting for $660 per
annum; on the north side of Page St.,
near Golden Gate Park; lot 25x100 ft.
$6,250 — Ashbury Heights flats, new and mod-
ern; four flats •' renting for $780 per
annum; pays over 1 -per cent per
month; large frontage of 27:6 ft.
PAYS OVER 15 PER CENT PER ANNUM.
$2600.
Rents for $34 per month.
" IBlx flats of 3 rooms each, -always rented,
near Ninth and Bryant sts. This Is a dis-
trict which is rapidly Increasing in value,
and this bargain is* offered for a few days
only; lot 25x80 ft.
$65,000— A fine large three-story building on
the northwest corner of Stockton st.,
containing stores, etc., with a front-
age of 68:9 ft. on Stockton st: We
have a party who will take a 10-year
- ¦ lease of this property and will pay 6
per ' cent; : after - taxes and Insurance
are paid nets 5% per cent.
$30,000 — A northwest corner on Battery st,
45:10x137:6;- rents nominal.
$27,500 — Lot and improvements north line of
O'Farrell St., near Mason, 27:6x137:6.
$7,500 — Make offer; must be sold to close an
estate; north side of Folsom St.; oppo-
site Columbia Square,' bet. Sixth and
Seventh; well-built three-story build-
ing, containing store and four flats;
«: *:-.•. ,' * rents $840 per annum; lot 25x75 ft, is
alone worth the money.
$7,800 — Must be sold to close an estate on
' Bush Bt, near Broderlck; . handsome
sunny residence of ten ! rooms and
bath, substantially built, well planned
. . and in good condition: rents $540 per
annum; large lot, 52x97 ft.
BARGAINS IN CHOICE LOTS.
$3,750 — 37:6xl37:6ft on Bush st, near Brod-
erlck; street- work all done and ac-
cepted; sewered and cross-sewered.
¦f 9,000 — A corner on Franklin st, north of El-
lis st; magnificent neighborhood (
grand view, with a rrontage- of 30 ft.
52,250 — Choice lot on- Green st, near F1II-
more, 32:6x137:6 ft .
12,000 — Dolores st, near 18th; 29x110 ft
$1,700 — Key lot* on Green st, near Steiner,
27:6x137:6 ft
" i KASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
638 Market street
JOSEPH STRAUB. 850 MARKET ST."
RENTS COLLECTED.
$2,500 — Modern cottage of 5 rooms and bath,
basement and attic; % block from cars.
$3,000 — Two fiats on Folsom St., near 22d; lot
22x115.
$3,000 — 2-Etory house of 6 rooms and bath on
Clementina st, near 6th; lot 20x80.
$3,500 — Filbert st, near Flllmore; 2 cottages;
lot 26:8x120; two frontages. .
$5,000 — Washington st. near Mason ; modern
brick bouse of 9 rooms and bath; base-
' xnent
$6,000 — Buchanan Bt.; 2-story house, 6 rooms,
bath, basement, etc.; lot 25x93.'
$7,000— Harrison st. near 5th; 6 flats; rents
$60 per month; lot 25x86.
$8,500 — Jackson st, near Baker; 3 modern
flati- rents $81 50 per month.
$10,000 — Scott st. near Geary; 3 modern flats;
rents $1000 per annum; lot 27:6x96.
$12,500 — Page St., near Ashbury; 3 new flats;
rents $112 50 per month; lot 25x107:6.
$35,000 — 12 fiats and a residence in the Mission;
•pays 9 per cent clear; part cash.
Mill Valley — Cottage of 4 rooms; furnished; lot
126x300; price $2000. . .
Shasta Co. — 640 acres of white oak.
JOSEPH ETRAUB. 850 Market st
HOUSES — New and up-to-date; if you are look-
ing for something nice, containing 7 to 8
rooms; Castro and 20th sts.; good view of
city. Apply on premises. , .
BARGAIN— Lot 25x137:6; 3 beautiful flats; well
rented; owner's departure. 836 Halght st. «
CITY OF [.RICHMOm
CITY OF RICHMOND,
CITY OP RICHMOND
The coming city of the West, situated on the
east side of San Francisco Bay, adjoining
Point Richmond. The terminus of the Santa
Fe and Southern Pacific R.- R. Cos.; location
of the Standard Oil Co.'s, refineries and Union
Iron Works. Thousands of men ' will be em-
ployed. Think what the City of Richmond
will be -with these advantages. Have you any
money to Invest? Do you want to mako
money? Don't hesitate while you have the
chance to buy lots in the City of Richmond.
FROM $180. FROM $180.
$5 PER MONTH. $5 PER MONTH.
SEE THESE LOTS!
BEE THESE LOTS!
Over 400 sold in the last sixty days. Some
of the best corners and. inside lots left
Streets graded and macadamized.
Electric R. R. franchise passes through ' the
property.
Railroad Depot at each end of the tract-
Southern Pacific and Santa Fe.
Send for official mas: mailed free.
RICHMOND LAND CO. (Inc.).
Room 182. Crocker building. S. F.
REAL ESTATE — COUNTRY— For Sale
MENDOCINO COUNTY RANCH.
fVUOO — 313-acre fine ranch at Comptche; fenced
and cross-fenced; SO acres in crops; 10
acres in fruits and vines; 40 acres vir-
gin redwood timber; balance - pasture;
plenty water; large barn;- good 8-room
¦¦ , O .- bouse and bath, hot and cpld water;
Btore building and postofflce; outside
dwellings for hired help and outbuild-
ings; feed mill; spraying outfit; dairy
outfit and separator; all farming tools;
good thresher and cleaner; 2 good work
horses; 10U sheep; 30 dairy stock cows
and young stock; 8 hogs; poultry; in-
come this year will be $2000; photograph
of property will be shown to prospective
buyers. (299)
OTHER STOCK RANCHES
From 5000 to 40,000 acres, in Sonoma, Mendo-
cino and Humboldt. counties, from $5 to
$10 per acre, which we will be pleased
to show to prospective buyers. \ '
• SANTA CLARA COUNTY.
$S000 — IS acres prunes and English walnuts in
full bearine; located in the best fruit
belt in eanta Clara County; 3 miles from
San Jose; large modern house; good barn
and outbuildings, all in first-class con-
dition and a beautiful home; all fann-
ing utensils go with. place; this is an
extra bargain and cannot be duplicated
for the price; If sold with crops price
is $9000. (300)
BUTTE COUNTY.
$1.500 — 5 acres navel oranges In good bearing,
trees in prime condition; no buildings;
1% mlle« from Orovllle. (294)
$3000 — 7Vi acres on the outskirts of thriving
town in Sacramento Valley; 6-room
dwelling, barn and other outbuildings;
tankhouse and 3U00 gallon tank; good
well that furnishes water for- Irrigation;
145 Bartlett pear trees, 20 figs, 6 cherry,
20 orange, all in full bearing; the fruit
income last year was $800 net and $300
. from poultry. < (295),
$1300 — 20 acres of land cleared and under fence;
good 5-room dwelling; practically new
barn and chicken house; good well; It)
acres cleared and ready for planting; 1
acre oak timber; good orange and olive
land; one-half cash, balance easy. (29G)
$1750 — 7 acres orange orchard Just in bearing,
trees all in good condition and. increas-
ing rapidly; 2 miles from Orovllle: fi
minutes' walk from school; no buildings
but a nice site for a home, in good
neighborhood. (297)
$1300 — 5 acres orange orchard in good bearing-
3 miles from Orovllle; no buildings but
a beautiful site for' a home., (298)
$1350 — W acres, all level land, -in^Sacramento
Valley: good dwelling, 5 room?: large
* barn; 4 chicken houses. 100 deciduous
fruit trees in bearing, 100 grape vines; 4
good wells; every foot can be tilled; it
- is a model chicken ranch and a good
bargain: 2% miles^from good town. (290)
$1500 — GO acres of choice- orange land ; 2 milea
from Oroville; all can be Irrigated from
water company's ditches; no buildings,
but a good Investment. . (255)
AH kinds of country property In Contra
CoBta. Butte, San Joaquin. Sonoma, Santa Cruz
Santa Clara and Napa counties, consisting of
poultry, v ranches, vineyards.- orange and fruit
ranches. ' • '
THE AMERICAN GUARANTY & TRUST CO..
820-1-2-3 Hayward Building.
FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO^
Email tracts. $60 to $90 per acre, on Rancho
Cotati. Sonoma Co.; future value assured, as
Ean Francisco Is growing rapidly; location
beet for poultry and general farming. 'Apply
to. The Cotati Co.. 302 California at. for
pamphlets and information. .-.-..
FARMS, ranches, city and suburban property
for cale and exchange; unimproved lands in
large and email tracts in Alameda, San Joa-
quin and other counties. ¦ Write for our print-
ed list HEALEY & CARR, Realty and Min-
ing Co., 713 Market, r. 406; tel. James 4121.
Eanta Clara Valley, Ban' Jose and Peninsular
properties. • See WOOSTER. WHITTON A
MONTGOMEBT, 634 Market S. P.. A San J.
COLONY tracts, estates, ranches, ranges, tlm-
ber. mines. KMMON3 & SON. Mills hldg.-
BEWIKG MACHISEg AKP SPPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, vented.! exchanged •.re-
pairing; lowest ratne. Tel. Green 144.205 4th r
ALL kinds bought. *ald, rented/ ex.; repairing;
- lowest rates; - p>'>ie Howard 3264. 145 Sixth.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
I Steamers leave Broadway
TjfflL^ Wharf. San Francisco:
655s$*s^ For Ketchikan. Juneau.
ISSS^V-- Skagway, etc., Alaska— 11 a.
i«BW»»k m.. May 11. 16. 21. 26, 31.
; El^^aXAl June 5 - Change to com-
I RKSC^USsl pany's iteamers at Seatt!o.
Msttn»gu ~ For Victoria. Vancouver.
• * Port Townsend, Seattle. Ta-
coma, Everett, ' Whatcom—
II a. m. May 11. 16. 21. 28. 31. June 5. Chan*. S
at Seattle to this Company's steamers for Alaj-
ka and G. N. Ry.: at Seattle or Tacoma to N.
P. Ry.: at Vancouver to C. P. Ky ;
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— 1:30 P. «-.
Mav 12. 17 22. 27, June 1. ,
Fo- Los Angeles (via Port Los Angeles and
Redondo) San Diego and Santa Barbara-
Santa Rosa. Sundays. 8 a. m.
State of California, Thursdays. 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro) Santa Barbara. Santa Cruz, Mon-
terey, San Simeon. Cayucos. San Luis Oblspo
(via Port Harford). Ventura. Hueneme and
•Newport ("Bontta only). ..__„.- -
C003 Bay 9 a. m.. May 14. 22. 30. June 7.
Bonita. 9 a. m.. May 10. 18. 26, June 3.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo Mazatlan. Altata. La Pa*. Santa Rosa-
lia. Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m.. 7tn each
month. ¦ :
For further Information obtain rolder. • -
Right is reserved to change steamers or sall-
°TIC"^n^T OTVICE — •"New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotelt.
C D DUNANN, Gen. Pass. Agent.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents.
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
Pacific Coast Steamship Ca
NOflflM
LEAVE SEATTLE.
SENATOR » P. M.. JUNE 1
VALENCIA 9 P. M.. JUNE T
And fortnightly thereafter during the season.
Steamships CITY OF PUEBLA and QUEEN,
leaving San Francisco May 28 and May 31 re-.,
spectively, connect with above steamers. Th»
new and elegant steamships Senator and Va-
lencia made regular trips to Nome last year.
landing all passengers and freight without loss,
mishap or delay. For passengerrates and Nome
folder, apply TICKET OFFICE. * New,
Montgomery- street (Palace Hotel).
Cv D. DUN ANN. Gen. Pass. Agent.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents..
10 Market St.. San Francisco. -
O.R.& JV- CO* :
ONLY STEAMSHIP LINE TO
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Line From Portland to All
Points East. Through Tickets to All
Points, all Rail or Steamship and Rail, at
XiOWEST XC&TXSS. : , ; £
Steamer Tickets Include Berth and Meals. 1
SS. COLUMBIA Sails... May 23. June 2. 12. 23
SS. GEO. W. ELDER Balls
, • May 18. 28, June 7. 17 *
Steamer sails from foot of Spear st.. U a. m.
D. W. HITCHCOCK. XSon. AgWl Moag-y. fl. BV -
V U. S. mAIL* ROUTE.
lP^> SAILINGS.
|\ MMEM.MJIHERaAl-.CO/
Will dispatch its first-class steamers, carrylns
United States malls, for
NOME and ST; MICHAEL DIRECT ¦
-¦ - As Follows:
From San Francisco . :",!
S S DORA........ TUESDAT, May 20;
S! S. ST. PAUL Jane 3
S. S. PORTLAND... July 1
From Seattle.
S. S. OHIO June3 .
S. S. INDIANA June T
* Connecting at Nome with steamer Saldle.
carrying United States mall, for Teller and
Candle Creek.- and steamer Dora for Bluff City,
Oolovin and St Michael, and connecting at St. '
Michael with the company's river steamers for j
Dawson. Koyukuk and all Yukon River points.
For freight and passage apply to jv*/
NORTHERN COMMERCIAL CO..
845 Market st.. San Francisco.
Or EMPIRE TRANSPORTATION CO.. ¦
Puget Sound Agent. Seattle. Wash- '
TOYO KISEN KAFSHA.
•f- 1 — /
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 d. m.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogb), Nagasaki and Shanghai ana -
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In- ¦*•
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sa 'ins:.
SS. A IERICA MARU -
t Friday, June 6, 1902
SS. HONGKONG MARU -
...Saturday. June 2S. 1902
SS. NIPPON MARU.. Thursday, July 24. 1902
Round-trio tickets, at reduced rates. For •
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT, General Agent.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And Cia Sud Americana da Vaporss
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central -
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3, pier 1O. 12 m.
PALENA......June. 7ITUCAPEL July 19"
COLOMBIA... '.June 27|GUATEMALA..Aug. ft
These steamers are bunt expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight-
and passenger office, 316 California street.
BALFOUR. QUTHRIE & CO.. Gen. Agents.
VVVJ*ll-»vivi-»va DtSECf LINE TO TAHITI
ES. VENTURA, for Eo-iilulu. Samoa. Auck-
' land and Sydney. .Thurs.. May 22. 10 a. n.
SS. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu '
- Saturday, ilay 31, 2 p. m,
S3. AUSTRALIA, for TahlU
, Sunday, June 9. 10 a. m.
I. D. SFBICm.S&EE01Ca r 6uenIi2tL, 329M3T!Bt
Kea'i rass. Cfflcs,"£-i3 Mattel St, Pier Ho. 7. Pacillc St.
CCMPAGME GEN2HAL3 THAN3ATLAHTIQ02.
UlKECl* LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. j/^y^ .
catling every Thursday, Instead of
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from Pier 42. »SfmBBm ,
Nortj Kiver. foot of Morton street. '
First class to Havre. 970 and upward. Second
class to Havre, |45 and upward. GENERAL'
AGENCY FOR UNITED 8TATES and CAN-
ADA. £2 Broadway (Hudson building). N«W
York. J. y. FUGAZI ft CO.. Pacific Coast ;
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue, San Francisco^. ' *
'Tickets sold by all Railroad Tlelft Agrota.
AMEKICA.V LINE.
XEW YORK. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON.
Phila*.. ..May 2S, 10am St. Louis. June 11. 10am
St PauL.June 4. 10am Phlla ....June IS, 10am
RE1> STAU LINE, -f ¦
NEW YORK. ANTWERP. PARIS,
'Kensingtn.May28. nooniFreesland.Junell, noon
! Zeeland.-'.June 4. noon[Southwrk..Jonel3, noon -
I INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
j CHAS.D. TAYLOR.O.A.P.C.30 Montgom'y st.
EAY AND, BIVEB STEAMERS.
FOB* U. S. NAVY YARD AND VALLEJO, -
Steamers i GEH. . FRISBIE or # MONTICELLO'
. -»:43 a. m.. 3:15 and 3:30 p. m.." except Sun- '
day. .Sunday. 9:46 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leave*
Vallejo 1 a. m.. 12:30 noon. 6 p. m,. except
Sunday. Sunday. 7 a. m.. 4:15 p. m. Fare 34
cents. Telephone Main 1508. Landing and
office. % pier 2. Mission-street dock. HATCH
BROS.
: (C7"Nptice of. funeral hereafter..- 1 '¦ ¦
SCHENK— In Oakland, May 20. ¦'•1902,' at/535
Twenty-fourth . street, Charlotta, wife of Ed-
ward I Schenk, and daughter of John and
," Elizabeth Dougherty,- a native of Pennsyl-
vania. aged 21 years 1 month and 23 days.
SPAIGHT— In this city,. May 20, 1902, John
P., beloved son, of . Patrick and Catherine
Spalgnt, and brother of Michel, William,
¦ Marcella, .. James. ' George and Thomaa
. Spalght' and Mrs. , Charles Henderson and
- . Mrs. William Schott,. a native of San-Fran-
1 i Cisco, aced 23 years 2 months and . 28 days.
STOESSER; — Otto Stoesser, born at 1 Gaggey
, .nau. Grand Duchy of Baden, • Germany, No-
• vember 18, 1825, age 7C years and 6 months.
. . (ET'Funeral Wednesday morning, May 21,
' from his . late residence, Watsonvllle, I Cal.
: . . dfrFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
* fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the par-
V'lors of McFadden, McBrearty. & Green,' 1171
j Mission street. Interment Laurel Hill Ccm-
'. etery. •.'¦ ¦ '. • ' . :
RICHTER— In this city, May 19, 1902, Mary,
¦ ¦ beloved wife of Fritz Richter, and mother
of SoDhie and Emil; Richter, a native of
-V Dublin. . aged 38 years. ,". ' • .• .
ROSETTE— In this city, . May 20, 1902, Marie
''Josephine,' beloved daughter of Mary E. and
the late John E. Rosette, and sister of Mra.
Annie E. Bennett, Mrs. A. G. Hennleee and
Mrs, L. H. Rucker, a . native of Illinois."
• (Springfield, 111., papers please copy.) ..
(EyFrlends/and acquaintances are respect-
. fully Invited] to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday); at 12:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of McFadden, McBrearty & Green, 1171
Mission street, thence to St. Patrick's Church
tor services at.l o'clock. 'Interment Holy
Cross • Cemetery.
NELSON— In this city, May 20, 1902, of diph-
-theria, Lilly May, : beloved . , daughter of
George ' and Deborah Nelson, and sister of
. iGeorgle," Danny, Deborah and Robbie Nelson,
' a native of San Francisco, aged 10. years
" and 7' days. -¦"¦.-
PROCTOR— Near Haywards, CaK. May 19,
1902, Bertene E., beloved' husband of Alice
1 : E. Proctor, and father of Hattie, ATbertha
and Alice Proctor, and son of J. M. Proctor.
S and brother of Wilfred E. Proctor and the
late Charles . E.' Proctor, a native • of Call-
¦fornia, aged 40 years 2 months and 14 days.
-.• py Friends and acquaintances are respect-
, 'fully . Invited 1 to attend funeral service*
, Wednesday, /May 21, 19U2, at 1:30 o'clock,
at the Congregational church, • Haywards.
- Internment Ix>ne Tree Cemetery, Haywards.
RAMSDEN— In this city. May 19, 1902, Lizzie,
. beloved wife of P. J. Ramsden, and beloved
-daughter of the late Charles and El well
' Ramsden. and sister of Annie O'Connor .and
.Rose Curly.. a native of San Francisco, aged
22 years 'i months and 9 days. ' -
• inyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully. Invited to attend funeral services
Thursday, May 22, 1902, at 10 o'clock, at
the mortuary 'chapel of the Golden Gate
Undertaking Company, 2475 Mission street,-
¦ near Twenty-first. Interment Redwood City
'by 10:30 o'clock '"train from Valencia and
Twenty-fifth streets. • ; t "
McMANUS-^-In this city, May 20, 1902, Ed-
ward, beloved brother of the late . Michael
i McManus, a native of ; County - Fermanagh,
Ireland, aged 50 years. ¦ , ¦ .-• \t*Z
ICFriends and acquaintances are respect-!
fully invited to attend the funeral ' to-day
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from B'nat
[ B'rith Hall. .121 Eddy street. Members of
San Francisco Aerie No. 5, . F. O. E., and
Knights of Royal Arch, are requested to at-
. tend. Thence to Tlrird and Townsend streets
to 3:30 o'clock train.- Interment Cypress
¦ Lawn Cemetery. Remains at the funeral
; parlors of James McGinn & Co., 214 Eddy
-/street. V v ¦ ¦ ' •. . ¦ " *, , ' , ¦ ¦*•,.,.¦-.
MCDONALD— In this -city, May 20, 1902, Mrs,
Kate M. McDonald, sister of Angus M. ana
Norman McLeod, a* native of Prince Edward
Island, aged 88 - years. , ¦
¦' B^Frlends are. respectfully invited to at-
' tend the funeral services to-morrow (Thurs-
day), at 10 o'clock, at his late residence,
. 1424 Jackson street. Intermept Hills of
Eternity Cenjetery, by 11:30 o'clock train
from Third and Townsend streets'.
KELLY — In Sah Rafael. May 18, 1902, Joseph
H. Kelly, beloved husband of Margie Kelly;
a native of »Bc«ton, aged 29 years. . I '. ,-
¦ Sn?"FrIends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral . Wednes-
day, May 21, at 10 o'clock, from the parlors
of McFadden, McBrearty & Green,' 1171 Mis-
sion street. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
KAZINSKY— In " this "city, 'May 20, • 1902;
Julius J., - beloved husband of Rachel Ka-
• zlnsky,- and. father of Joseph, Aurelia, Leon,
Maurice, Reca, William, Irwin and Florence
. Kazinsky, and brother of- Mrs Augusta
-. Pincua,' a native of Germany, 1 aged 59 years
'¦: 11 months and 5 days. •
-¦•¦¦ IE?" Friends and acquaintances arerespect-
¦ fully invited . to attend the " funeral to-day
. (Wednesday), . at 1 o'clock,, at the parlors'
of Halsted & Co., 946 Mission street. In-
terment) private. . ¦ ' Ir ¦ ' ," v
FISCHER— In. thU city, May ' 20,' 1902. Mar-'
.' garet, beloved mother, of Henry A. Fischer
•¦of Stockton, Cal., Mrs. Margaret- Moore- and
; -E...E. .and A.' J. Fischer and the late ' Mrs.*
'. F. R. Leeper of Angels Camp, a native of,
Germany, /aged 72 years 1 month and 23
days. , • • - ' ¦ ¦ ¦•-' >
FOX— In East Oakland, May 19, 1902, Henry
< George, beloved son of * Laura and the ¦ late
. William I Byron • Fox,' a native of England,
¦ aged 31 years 9 months , and 19 days.
HART— In this city, May 19; 1902, Walter
" Thomas Labadle. beloved son* of M. J. and
Louisa M. Hart, and brother of Louise M.
Hart, and grandson, of Mr. and Mrs. William
• Labadle.. a native of San Francisco, aged
. 0 years: 4 months and* 25 days.,
. |E7The funeral will take : place ' from her
late residence at : Portola,' ; Wednesday. May
21; 1902, at 9 o'clock, thence to Mount Car-
mel- Church, Redwood City, where a requiem
mass will be celebrated at 10:30 o'clock.:
Friends . and acquaintances ' are respectfully
" invited to attend. Interment Holy, Cross
.-.Cemetery,^Menlo Park.^. / . •". ¦¦¦.:-..
DURNNAN— In Alameda. May 19, 1902, Albert
'. Lee i Durnnan,' . beloved husband - of ¦ Julia
'¦¦ Durnnan, father of "-.Georgie- and Genevleve
- Durnnan, ' and brother of Mrs. Mary Plotz.
DUTCHER— In , this city, May 20, 1902. . Ellza-
- ; beth Dutcher,' beloved mother of Morris, Jay
- and Burt Dutcher and Florence Bush, Jear.-
nette HesloD and Jennie Thomas, a native, of
• Watertown, < New York, aged 7S years.
ELLIOTT— In Napa, Cal.," May 7 19, 1902,
George Elliott, son of the late Captain
George Elliott, beloved ' brother of ' Blanche
,' Elliott- and -.nephew of Mrs. Sparks, a native
-of, San Francisco, ' aged 26 years . and 2
-. months. . ". . . ; v . . ..1 ¦ .- .
' C?"Friends and acquaintances 'are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from- her late
' ' residence, 204 .St."- Rose' s avenue,- thence ) to
Holy Cross Church, Eddy street.' where a
requiem high mass will be celebrated for, the
. repose of her soul at : 10 o' clock. ¦ Interment
.Holy Cross Cemetery. :>• 1 ¦ '
CORNEPS-^-In ; this city, s, May 20. 1902, . Ber-
nard Henry, dearly ¦ beloved and only ¦ son of
§ 1 Bernard F. and , Mary Corneps, . and brother
: of EtheLM. -Corneps. a native of San Fran-
; Cisco, aged 3 months and 3 days.
DOLE— In this city/ May 20, 1902, Elbridge
Dole.-j^-'native , of Bangor. 1 Maine, aged 84
years and 6 months. (Bangor, Maine, papers
. please copy.) :_ ; ; .. '- ¦ •'¦ :
.¦ GTInterment in Lone Tree Cemetery, Hay-
!,; wards. -,•,;.,¦.¦' >/ -: 1 --. 1 . . '.' .-¦
DOYLE— At Poftbla, San Ma teo County, Cal.,
Monday,; May 19, 1902, Mrs. Ellen Doyle, &
j native of . County Cork. Ireland,, ajted 71
¦'• years.--. ..T .'.'V '.¦ .'._. •" ¦ ¦ ¦ "'
and' Mrs. E.* Daly, a native of San- Fran-
cisco. '-•• '. ' ¦¦¦ ¦ ¦¦ ¦ '-•' '-.- '<¦•; V .--.-¦¦ ' . ' '¦.'.•. ; - ¦ • ¦'
¦ jVv _MOXEY TO LOAN.
j^K- HcCOLGAn". -* Montgomery «U, room 3.
Loans any amount at lowest ratea.
Deal direct with leader.
/On first mortgages.
On second mortgages. .>..'
On third mortc&gcs.
On undivided interests In real estate
On estates in probate.
On legacies.
NO DELAY.
Telephone Main 5518.
R. MeCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery St.. room 3.
A— HERMAN MURPHY. 601-602 Examiner big
$4,500,000 at Lowest Rates
On Firet and Second Mortgages
On Life Interests in Bstates
Property Being Held In .Trust
Undivided Interests In Real Estate
Life Insurance Policies; Estates in Probate.
Financial Problems of All Sorts and Sires. '
IF YOU NEED MONEY
See HERMAN MCRPHY. C01-C02 Examiner.
AA— MANHATTAN LOAN CO. <Inc>.
f 300.000 »rt 5^4 and « per cent In sums to suit;
City. Oakland. Town and Country Property:
fecond mortgages, life Insurance and securi-
ties; leans on unsettled estates, undivided In-
terests in real estate and legacies: will pur-
<ha*e above Becuriti™. MANHATTAN LOAN
CO.. CROCKER BUILDING.
ANT preposition, any amount: 6 per cent: first,
cecond and third mortgages, estates In pro-
bate, interest in estates, legacies, undivided
interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile Interests, corporation loans. Rocm 16,
1st floor. Chronicle big. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
MONEY to loan in sums to suit on real estate.
hcut-ehold furniture, etc., at lowest rate of
Interest; private and confidential. TOMLIN-
SON & CO.. 105 Ellis Bt.. room 10 (Glasgow
block).
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at
lowest rate6. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 840
, llarket st. : tel. Main 1«4. Branch Third.
'^'NICIPAL Loan Office. 103 Grant ave.. near
Geary Et.; phone Red 1603,
ON real estate. 1st or 2d mortgages and on fur-
nifTire cr pianos:, no removal; any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER. 3<$ Geary St., room 38.
$10 TO 5100 loaned salaried people without se-
curity; quietly, quickly, confidentially: lowest
rates; easy payments. Drake. 453 Parrott big.
ANY amount on furniture, pianca; no removal;
lowest rate; private, confidential. ORMSBY.
26 Montgomery Et.. room T. opp. Lick House.
A PRIVATE party loans any amount on furni-
ture, pianos; no removal: low rates; conflden-
t!al. WHITEHEAD (Wilson's). 1710 Market.
6. F. DISCOUNT AGENCY — Loans to salaried
people on their note.
THE TOUSLEY CO 143 Phelan bldg.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; money quick;
lowest interest; easy terms; no brokerage;
reliable party. 1170 Market et.. room 68.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc., by private
party; no removal: no commission; confiden-
tial. Room S, Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
ELFVING. C16 Examiner big.; loans on pianos,
furniture, etc.. at 2 per cent without removal;
no brokerage charged; confidential; open eves.
ON furniture, pianos; lowest rate; no removal;
EtricUy private. E.W.LICK. 116 McAllister st
8% ON furniture &. planoe: $15 up; no removal.
Phone Black 1709. room 81, 6 Eddy, floor 4.
Mcney loaned salaried people wltnout security.
HILL, r. 44. Merchants' Exc. 431 California.
ONE per cent on furniture; $5 a month on each
$1000; any security. 302 Montgomery et.. r. L
CASH loaned salaried people on note without
lndorscr. MORRELL. 609 Examiner bldg.
LOANS money on salary; no indorser; Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. 309 Phelan bldg.
f OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
TURK, 108. close to Market — Nice new plate-
glass front store, 5 rooms and bath in rear;
see it. DAVIDSON & LEIGH. 219 Mont-
gomery st.
STORE, with 3 living" rooms; suitable for res-
taurant, tailor shop or dressmaking parlors;
"rent $20. 310 Fillmore st. cor. Halght.
ETCRE with large basement, below Kearny:
alterations to suit tenant. e38 Clay, room 1.
PALMISTRY.. n^_ ri^_
palmistryT^^~"
PROFESSOR STERLING, the famous palm-
ist is here; have your hands read; charges are
60c and $1; office is at 120 8th St.; office hoars
are 10 a. m. to Dp. m., daily and Sundays.
1111E. G. L. NEERGAARD reads 1 to 4. 700
Post Ft., corner of Jones: phone Polk 837.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. 615
Taylor et.. bet. Gearyand Post :tel. Black 561.
PERSONALS^
VIA VI has been manufactured for over fifteen-
years; it cured huncreas of ailing women In
its first year and has cur«d thousands of suf-
terers every year since: booklet for mothers
and daughters mailed free. The Vlavl Co..
2304-C-8 Van Ness ave.; phone East 282, San
FTanclsco.
AN elegant line cf remnants for suits to order,
$15; with these euits we make an extra pair
rt pants free of charge; other suits on Install-
ments. 1 1 weekly. L. LEMOS. 1117 Market
et.. between Seventh end Eighth.
6PECIAL CREDIT STORE— Complete outfit
$1 wetk; ' ladies' tailor made suits, skirts,
ehlrtwaists. trimmed hats; gents' and boys'
FUlts. overcoats hats-; call, open account at
our new 6tore.«C. F. ADAMS CO.. 318 Mason.
ELECTRIC light in every room — Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Market: 700 rooms.
i 'J6c to $1 50 per night; II 50 to $8 per week;
¦fl i;ee 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
W-WHAT do you think? O. BERMAN, 43
Ellis, make* colored shirts to order; $1 each:
came as white thlrts; selection 300 patterns.
2"WO young men, strangers In the city, would
like to meet a couple of young ladies; object
matrimony. Box 457. Call office.
ENGINEERS aim railroad men can find Car-
hartt'B union-made overalls at SUMMER-
FIELD & ROMAN'S, Fifth and Market sts.
BASEBALL Schedule Memorandum, VoL 2,
historv greatest game «ver played; 10c post-
paid. S. R. CHURCH. 307 Sansome St.. S. F.
NOW ready — June styles Standard Patterns;
all the newest designs for summer goods. J.
W. EVANS, 1021 Market St.. near Sixth.
AT less than cost, uncalled-for suits, overcoat*
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS', London
tailor, 721 Market st. • ¦
MONET loaned at low interest; gold, silver.
diamonds pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth St.
LIQUOR, habit— A new, safe and sure cure can
be given without knowledge of patient. Ad-
dress P. O. box S52. San Jose, Cal.
WHITE enamel Iron beds, single, three-quarter
cr double, $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton st.. pear Broadway.
LATEST styles or hair dressing from Paris;
hair work a specialty; hair dressing, any
etyie, 25c. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton st.
A $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, 330 gearny st.. near Pine.
FINE SUITS. $J0; dress pants, $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
X If your hair Is falling or you are bald, call on
Ur.O.S.Moore.332 OTarreU;sena for circular.
SUPERFLUOUS hair, moles, etc., permanently
removed. electric needle. Mrs. Cook. 428 Sutter.
EPANISH lessons and translations. 513 McAl-
lteter et.
RUPTURE cured: no operation, - pain or lost
time. FkTelity Rupture Cure. 26# Kearny.
TAILOR-MADE euits. $7 50; dress pants. $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
( SUPERFLUOUS hair end moles destroyed with
L electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter st.
• ELECTRIC needle Specialist: superfluous hair
and moles destroyed. Mrs.H.Eaton.427 Sutter.
Mrs Briggs — Superfluous hair, moles destroyed
by electricity. 1718 Buchanan; tel. West 259.
Masquerade costumes at H. Anderson's, theat-
rical costuaer. 26 O'Farrell; country oi-ders.
Electric & electrlc-llght baths, massage, hot air
treatment for rheumatlsm.etc. 233 Geary.r.27.
etjperfLUOUS hair and moles removed by
glectrlc cecdle.Dr.AMrs.Traverse.1170 Market.
tLFREDl'MS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to its natural color: $1; at all druggists'.
ONE MINUTE TOOTH-ACHE DROPS CURE
Instantly: 10c and 25c. All druggists.
MAFQUERADE costumes, play books, wlgi;
Country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
DR LAMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINT. th«
bgft corn *-ure. 25c: all <5rugg|gf .
PHYSICIAXS_J*ND_srRGEONS.
RUPTURE and piles cured; no pay until cured;
no operation; no detention from business; all
private diseases treated succeesfully; consul-
tation free. Pre. Forden &. Porterfleld. 6 Turk.
DR C C O"DONNELL — Office end residence.
102m Market et.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
TYPEWRITERS AND^SUPPLIES.
rREATiBARGAlNS~7N : TYPE WRITERS^- We
sell better machines for less 'money than any
house in the city; rentals $i The Typewriter
Exchange. S3C California: telephone Main 266.
2D-HAND typewriters Bold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriter Inspec. Co., 209 Sansome.
TYrE WRITING
EXPERT typewriting, 4c folio: copies, 2c; mlm-
eosra&hifcg. 927 Markt. rm. 305; Howard 1539. !
OCEAN TRAVEL.PROMINENT MEMBERS OF4THE^ORDER : OF' KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS OF, THE DOMAIN OF CALIFORNIA AS
THEY APPEARED TO THE . CALL CARTOONIST AT THE SESSION OF. THE GRAND LODGE IN UNION
¦¦ SQUARE HALL. •-¦-'-¦ ¦ . ,' ' -. ¦ ' : - .- .-¦•',.-":' ' '' ¦ •';-'"' '•''" ¦ ';<• )
Transfers Suit From Yolb County.
' The suit of C. D. ; Simpson- vs. E.-.C.;'
Evans & Co., the Bank of Woodlart'd, : the'
Bank of vTolo and- Dewar-& Webb was'
transferred yesterday from ,the; Superior
Court of ; Yolo County .to ' the - United
States .Circuit Court. The Issue; is to *de-'
termine financial : responsibilities • growing
out: of; a wheat deal. - ; °
Teachers Oppose Plan of Promotion.
!» Several public school teachers'sent'pro
tests yesterday against." the.*. plan; of pro
motion of pupils 1 as adopted by the>Board
of Education last Saturday.' , The .teachers
arc opposed to examinations. and
deplore the fact that the - plan recom
mended by Webster, in which the xamina
¦ tion feature was entirely eliminated,, was
r.ot, adopted by ;the .board. Webster; fa
vored promotion: of .pupils on thejudg
ment of teachers and 'principals,' with the
.pioviso that .pupils of the B eighth fgrades
failing in that manner should be allowed
a special examination in July.: The board,
however/turned down Webster's plan and
now the>' teachers say: that an" untold
amount of ; labor /will be entailed >uRon
them: There remains but little, .time- in
whioh to prepare the list of questions.lv
League to Be Formed in City.
Mrs. Florence Kelley, corresponding sec
retary .of % the ' National. Consumers'
League, arrived in" the ' city" yesterday
from Los Angeles,* f A meeting will be held
next Monday evening, when the forming
of a league, in; this city will be discussed.
Mayor Schmltz recommended to the
Beard of Supervisors yesterday the em
ployment' of ten . men by Auditor Baehr
for a period of. thirty days. The men will
betaken from the civil service" list.
Extra Help for "Auditor.
* Adams'. Hair Restorer promotes- growth; re
ctor** color- and beauty to, thin- gray hair.' 50c. •
.The * body ."of Lieutenant Howard
Ayery,' Fourteenth ' Infantry, , who 'was
drowned at Detroit.Mich., on April 3, will
be buried at? the. Presidio National-Ceme
tery, oh Thursday afternoon: .¦:.- • '': ,
Lieutenant" 'A very " was a graduate of
Berkeley and entered the army at the .out
break of the' Spanish-American war. .He
served with distinction in. the . Philippines
with the Fourteenth, j 1 At. the time of his
death he was first lieutenant of. Company
D of that regiment; ' .Therremalns will be
interred with full'military/honors. . .
The pallbearers: wiK be: Lieutenants C.
E. Kilbourne.'-P^-Ki-'Brlce.'' R.; F.. McMil
lan. A. McIntyre.-iG. VT.^r Perkins and- S.
D. Embrlck; all of the ;Artillery: Corps./' • :
vices Over Remains of Berke
• ¦ .«* . r • • ¦. : i e y Graduate. • ¦ >
Army Officers to Conduct Funeral Ser-
We give special attention to prevailing,
forms, and engrave visiting cards, wed
ding invitations and anouncements cor
rectly ana reasonably. Monograms, crests'
and aOdress dies made to order. Sanborn
Vail & Co.. 741 Market street. •
Weddingf Invitations.
W.: A. . Nevills, -a • stockholder in .the
Jamestown , Improvement ,, Company, of
which T. S. Bullock j is ' president and S.
M. Rickey secretary, secured an alterna
tive writ of mandate, from Judge Murasky
yesterday, directing Bullock and Rickey
to permit him to- Inspect the' books of the
corporation:- The writes returnable before
Judge Murasky Friday, May 23, at 10 a. m
Directed to Show' Books.
The first -arrests of Chinese barbers for
not obtaining a certificate under the new
State!law. were made yesterday. by .Police
man Edwards on warrants obtained from
Judge ' Cabanlss. They were Lum Young,
Lee Suey, Lee Chew and Wong HIng. who
have, their place of business at 780 Clay
street. They were released. on 520 cash
bail each.. They claim that they , did. not
know that such a law was In existence
and therefore should " not • have . been ar
rested without having been notified.
Chinese Barbers Are Arrested. '^
Piano Becital Saturday Next.
-At Steinway Hall (Sherman, Clay &
Co.) Saturday afternoon. May 24, >there
wiy be another" of those most enjoyable
Angelus recitals, which have afforded
pleasure to great; audiences .during the
past .winter. For programme see to-day's
amusement column. '. .- •
Mayor Schmitz will tl-y ; another tack in
his endeavor ; to remove the' members of
the old . Board . '. of . ! Health, from office.
While] ten . days, are allowed - the ¦ defend
ants in which to answer in the case just
dc-cided by_ Superior Judge Sloss, the
Mayor has instructed- his attorney, A
Ruef, to bring quo i warranto -proceedings
a gainst- the old board ' at once. This will
bring up :all the points . involved , in the
controversy and finally determine who are
entitled to the. offices. - • . .
Directs His Attorney to Bring Quo
Warranto Proceedings to Deter
; mine the Dispute. .
2IA YOB ORDERS NEW ACTION
AGAINST ~ HEALTH BO AED
Catherine Mohr has, brought a suit for
i divorce against Jacob Mohr, alleging in
temperance. 'They 'were married seven
years ago. • • ' - " tA ¦' •' ¦ ¦ '¦' ¦'.' - ¦
•Susan M. Hostetter is suing Augustus
G. Hostetter, a police officer, for divorce
! en the grounds of - cruelty and failure to
provide, and Annie Stibbs . has brought
a suit' for divorce against Charles. H.
StibbS'for desertion. 1 She alleges that
Stibbs, to whom she was married at Nel
son, British Columbia, in September, 1S97,
[ left her in May, 1900.
I * Divorces > were granted yesterday to Au
; gusta • Markowitz ; from David Markowitz
for,, desertion, Lena , McLennan from Rod
' erlck N. I McLennon for failure to provide,
! Eleanor Perry, from William R. Perry" for
\ desertion,' Thomas' J: <¦ Connor~from La
i vinia '. Connor . for desertion and Julia
,' Musso from Carlo Musso, for desertion. .
Smith, his ..wife alleges, was suspended
from the Pacific Union Club for.non-pay
ment of dues. He came home, she alleges,
on the night of his suspension and vilely
abused her. She also charges that Smith
once choked his business partner .until he
was black in the face and his tongue pro
truded, and then came: home and boasted
of the strength -of his fingers and.threat
ened to treat her likewise.'.
'¦,,- IS STVTAT,L^Ain>; TIMID.
Mrs. Smith alleges that, as .she Is a
small, timid and nervous woman, her hus
band's alleged . actions have caused her
great suffering and mental, anguish.
The Smiths reside at 2203 Scott street, j
and were marrleKTin August, 1895.
" ( Mary I* Peterson is suing John H. Pe
terson for divorce for. cruelty. She al-r
leges that her .'husband told a Miss Jones
that he was going to kill his wife within
two months, thereby causing her to fear
for her life.. She alleges further that Pe
terson " said : to another ¦ person that she
was a "common drunk." The Petersons
were married in 1888.
"Shortly after , our - marriage," alleges
Mrs. Smith, "he pretended to hav» heart
failure and would compel me to get up at
all hours of the night to serve him with
brandy or whisky. 1 1 learned.- from our
family physician that he was only, sham
ming, and then refused to nurse him. The
attacks and pretended spasms immediate
ly ceased and have never returned.
"He found fault with everything I did,"
further alleges Mrs. Smith, '"and the
clothes I wore never suited him. 'He had
no cause to complain because I supported
myself by doing burnt leather work and
by painting?." . .
On t one j occasion, , charges Mrs. Smith,
her husband grabbed a dish, of dessert out
of her hand as she was about to serve It
to a guest at dinner. She remarked that
it • was ' an ungentlemanly action, .where
upon her hus band became violent, and
rlBing . from the table shouted, "Well, If
you call yourself a lady, thank God, I'm
no gentleman."
PBETE!NT>E3>. SICKNESS.
This and numerous other alleged cruel
ties are the causes assigned by Maud 'A.
Smith . for j a divorce . from William F.
Smith, the well known architect of 206
Sansome street. In a lengthy complaint
fi^ed yesterday Mrs. Smith alleges that
her husband is insanely jealous of her,
has a violent and wicked temper, and has
for the last five years made her life mis
erable by .his incessant nagging and fault
finding. She .alleges that he frequently
behaved toward her in a tyrannical and
oppressive manner, and by ! cursing . and
abusing her in a loud and violent tqne of
voice allowed the neighbors to become
acquainted with . the fact that their mar
ried life was an unhappy one. \
"He borrowed - J1000 • •' from mo- a short
time after our '.maiTiage./and when; I
asked him to return it he tcfld me he had
spent the most of it in erecting a tomb
stone over, his first wife's grave."
Grand- Body Holds Session in Native
: ;* f .-:.'r'r : : t .' "- Sons' HaU. J : A- , ; ,' ,: ; ,''.
-'•Grand .Temple -No.- 5 of .-;the . Rathbone
Sisters^, of - which ' isj.jto.Hhe
'.¦Knigfits "of Pythias what r ,the'. order 'of -the
¦'.Eastern Star ; .is to ;the ; »Maspns ; and. the
ReVekaHs'to the Odd Fellows",, .met'.'- in
•twelfth. annual session in the Shasta 'Hall
of- the Native Sons', building "yesterday
¦ahd'.was calledv to order - by Grand 'Chief
Lilly .Samuels -."of ' .Oakland. ' There-; were
TEMPLE OF BATHBONE SISTERS.
Monument Figures in Di
vorce Suit ofy Mrs.
Maud Smith.
Kine of the Leading Manufacturers
• and Lumbermen Are Arrested
\ on Warrants.
Acting under the orders recently issued
by Chief Wittman to the effect that ail
obstructions must be removed from the
sidewalks in accordance with the request,
to the Chief by the Board . of Public
¦Works, Policemen James McGowan and
IS. Sandman secured warrants yesterday
for the arrest of nine of the leading man
ufacturers and lumbermen on the' charge
of.' obstructing- the -streets.
' The ' defendants are Thomas - P. 'White
law of the Whitelaw. Wrecking Company,
21b Spear street ;. Robert Henry -of Mur
phy, McEvoy & Henry. Pacific Boiler
Works,- 225 Main street; Leon C. Mar-
Ehutz of the National Iron Works, Main
' and Howard streets ; Patrick F-. Dundon
of the" Bridge and Construction Company,
223 Folsom street; Henry Blyth of Blyth
& Trott, lumbermen. Spear and Mission
streets; John WIgmore of John -Wlgmore,
8ons-& Co., 29-31 Spear street; Henry B.
Schindler, wagon manufacturer, 128 Spear
street; James E. Higgins of Allen & Hig
gins. lumbermen, 1S-20 Spear street; Asa
L. White, president White Bros.,' lumber
men. Spear and .Howard . streets. . They
were arrested and each was released on
510 cash bail. ' j
SAYS HER COIN
PAID FOR STONE
VIOLATE THE 0BDINA3STCE
AGAINST OBSTBUCTION"
In the evening many, of the representa
t.ves accepted an invitation to be present
with Calanthe Temple No. 6 in Oakland,
and to-day they will be the guests of San
Francisco Temple No. 11 at a lunch.
i The Grand ¦ Temple degree was con
ferred ¦ on a member from the State of
iNevada, as there is no Grand Temple
there. ' v .
present; at the . opening . the following
grand officers: . '.
. Ella* Prlngle of Santa Cruz, grand
senior; JMaude Sheehan of Sacramento,
• grand . jnnior; Anna "Wyatt of Salinas,
grand manager; Louise Holmes of Oak
land, grand mistress of records and cor
respondence; Eva Simpson of Stockton,
grand mistress of finance; Clara Martin of
Stockton, grand protector; Mary Warwick
of Grass Valley, grand outside guard.
There ' were -also ¦ present: , Lydia • A.
Monroe- ; of '.'Riverside, junior supreme
chief, and Wessle Katzenstein, past grand
chief . of California, v,
: The Grand Temple degree was conferred
¦on- sixty-five past chiefs and representa
tives', the largest number of such at tony
previous session of the Grand Temple.
; Reports : of the \ several | grand . officers
were presented and distributed. ' .
* Last evening the Uniform Rank 'exem
plified ,the. work in- the presence i of : the
grand ¦' officers and - . representatives ' in
Pythian Castle. • - r
The election of grand officers was made
the special order for 2 o'clock this after
noon. - ¦,• ' : •„. ••¦•'! ' •¦.•¦ .;¦::.' •:
' ¦ ' ¦ .¦¦'.' ¦ . • ( L -- ¦ ' ¦• -. , -- ¦ '.,. •
terey County ; Paso Robl«B, : Ban' Luis », Oblspo
County;; Quihcy.vUPlumas County; Reedley,
Fresno County ; " Richmond; i Contra ¦ j Costa
County; San. Andreas, Calaveras County; - San
Leandro, Alameda County; Sierravllle, Sierra
County;' Susanvllle, Lassen County; . Tulare
City, Tulare ;County. / ' .
WILl/ BE BUBIED WITH ; V
\ rUXL MILITAHY I H0N0K3
• Murphy, v. Calav eras County; i Nlles.t Alameda
County; Oak "Park, Sacramento ¦ County; •= Ox
nard, Ventura J County; < Pacific ' Grove, Mon-
Avalon. Los : Angeles County; Azusa, Los
Angeles County; .Corona, Riverside County;;Co,
vina, Los Angeles County; Downleville,. Sierra
County,' Elk .'Grove, Sacramento County; -Fill*
lerton, .Orange" County; Gllroy, Santa Clara
County ; Hay wards, Alameda County ; "Hblllsfer,
San Benito County; Livermore, 'Alameda
County: t I^oyalton. Sierra County; } Maryavllle,
Yuba County; ¦ Mill .Valley, Marin County;
Calkins also suggested that lodges
should be -instituted in* the -;following
towns:--;. '¦ .' . : •-. '"¦";"¦,¦
• Annual instead of 's-emi-annual ¦ reports • and
passwords.- .Abolish pompulsory and stipulate}!
benefits in ail subordinate • lodges. .-. Reduce the
cost of . transferring- irom one lodge to another
to a small universal fee for the card. • Create
a home- lodge to preserve to our order members
o; lodgesHhat become -defunct. Do .away, with
the present order -for. the password, providing 'a
compact .combined official receipt and order • in
card form; to .be can-led in a folded case.
A committee on redistricting the- State
to apportion • the \ lodges to \ d^putiesV was
appointed. It consists : of - Representatyes .
Collyer of 35, Bush of 91, Sto'ckwell'idf ¦1'48, !
"Vincent of 153 and Buckof 95i >: ¦ \ ]'^ : v t
A new charter was issued; to. Redwood!
Lodge, it having been reinstated, •> V
There was appropriated a" sum onot; to'
exceed $2000 to make up. the » balance". of
$20,000 necessary for the Supreme :» Lodge
convention. . - * : •:'¦'',.. ""\-' vC"!.
The reports of the grand were
referred to the committee on distribution,
consisting of Representatives SloaheotiT, •
Lang of 28, Smith of 89, Vincent of -153 and '
Buck of 95. ...,.- ,4..^. ¦, .
The report of Grand Chancellor Calkins-
the order on the -progress it
has made In the last year and urges', the
12,000 members of the 172 lodges to obri"-';
tinue in the work of advancement./ He 3
made the following recommendations: , . j
was announced that Past Grand
Chancellor Church will appear, to-morrdw
to represent the supreme chancellor; and
deliver an address on the • duty. r .of the
Grand Lodge and tell about the Supreme
convention in August. ' . c . ' c
AT the second session of the Grand
Lodge of Knights of Pythias -of
the Domain of .California, in
Union Square -Hall' yesterday,* it
The - international horseshoers' conven
tion resumed its sessions • yesterday, and
reports of officials were considered. The
report of the treasurer showed that there
was $10,000 more in the treasury of the in
ternational body than was on hand two
years ago. The . membership increased
2000 in two years, 'and -sixty unions were
admitted to the international. Interesting
addresses pertaining ' to the craft were
made during the day. '
There are few developments of Interest
in the fight of the carpenters. .The dis
trict council of the brotherhood met" last
night and reported that the men were
standing -fin*. The Building Trades Coun
cil continues to work silently, its mem
bers claiming that the brotherhood is
knocked out. The council is' ecoufaged
by the receipt of resolutions adopted by
the councilor Petaluma- condemning Un
ion 483 for its stand, and expressing the
hope that all .carpenters would soon see
the necessity for sticking to the working
card of the Building Trades Council. Vixk
The demands of the union will be draft
ed in proper form and submitted to tha
Labor Council for adoption., When this is
accomplished the. master barbers •will be
requested to- comply with the demands.
Some 500 shops and 1600 barbers are inter
ested in the outcome. Between now and
June 9 it is expected that .several confer
ences of the interested parties will be
held. . .
In pursuance of an agreement /entered
into' yesterday the new schedule of: wages
adopted by the Journeymen Barbers' Un
ion at a recent meeting will not go into
effect until June 0. This action defers the
strike which- was threatening until that
date, with a chance in.lavor of a compro
mise being reached meanwhile. . ¦-.¦ ' ;¦- . '.¦_'.
The situation, however,, does not appear
to be promising for a settlement : of Cthjt
controversy without- concessions" being,
made by both sides. The smaller - shops,
it is claimed by the master barbers, .can
not afford to pay the increased wages de
manded, and the strongest protest in con
sequence comes from this quarter. The
larger shops are" paying more than $14 a
week to their journeymen employ.es, so
that the raise does not affect them. Still,
the Master Barbers' Union is arrayed
against' the . proposition of higher, wages,
and unless they consent to meet the in
crease friction with the journeymen's un
ion .is bound to. follow.
Give the Employers Till
June9 to Consider ...
Matter. V
mm defer
PAST GRAND CHANCELLOR TO ADDRESS
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS GRAND LODGE
VvMIl Speak on^D^
Convention iir^
Stated
THE SAN FEANCISCO'CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 21, 1902.
12
VEBY BEST BUTTEB. Square.. 32%c
None better made. Everywhere 45c.
Wednesday, and from 6 to" 11 p. m. Sat-
urday..." a
SUGAR. OOBIT. 3 cans.^.... v ..'.....25e
Extra quality. Select— tender— natural
flavor. 100 cases on sale. Dozen 93c
Usually 12^c J
CRAWTOBD PEACHES. Pound.. ..5c
Very best. Price cut In half. 1000 lba.
.on sale. Usually 10c *
LAUNDRY SOAP. 10 bars S5 C
. Sale continues. Fairbank's hard. pure,
soap. Usual size. 100-bar box $2.25. V
TEAS. Ppund , SScV
Black, green or blended. Rare valued
3 pounds $1.00. No prizes; just pure tea-
Usually 50c.
KENTUCKY O. K. UI'HIWKY. Gal-
lon *2 °"5
Mellow type— aged In wood- Sample at
store. Usually $3.00. .
HOILAITD GIN. Quart bottle 63©
.Medicinal.. A healthy liquor. Usuallx,
POET OB SHEBBY. 5 bottles.. SI. OO
Chateau wines. Price cut In hattToDea
to sample. Usually 40c. .
EXTRA PRICE LIST AT^STOREL
119 Taylor and McAllister and Fillmora
streets. - . " "7. >
.- •••";.•¦ . : : : ! •
• RE^TT
¦ _ All-wool Suits toOrdev
ifig&&i&&m Flna dressy §uits to
Joe Poheim,
vi<M THB TAILOR,
If HI 1110 and 1112 Market St,
ilia '201 and 203 Mont'y St.
fja^^s** 143 South Spring: St^
Perfect Fit Guarantee
" w* 1 *^ or No Sale.
AUCTION! AUCTIONl
— OP—-. :^~
THE SCULLY RANCH:
Three and on«-h*lf miles from RoUlst«r. Baa
Benito County. S*lne*t Fruit Lead to th* World, t
840 ACHES m subdlvlalons of from 20 ta
100 acres, or any alzo to salt purchaser, will b«
sold at auction on ¦ v
SATURDAY, MAY 24, 1902, >»
At 11 o'clock a. m. Th«^«al» will b« held oa."
the property. Fifty per cent can remain oa
mortgage. Fine Barbecu« Lunch will b« pro-
vided on the grounds before and during th* aala.
Parties from San Francisco wiu take th*
Coast Division Train at 2:45. p. m. oa Friday
May 23. and arrive in HolUster at ft:15 p m?
same day. Returning. . Heave- Holllster after th*
sale at 3 p. m. on Saturday.- May 2*. and ar*
rive In San Francisco at 7:30 p. ra. sam* day,
McGLYNN & MBNTON.
Cures Piles, or $5O Forfeited.
No Mercury or Opiates.
ALL UP-TO-DATE DRUGGISTS
"RtjTTQtl'CC ' POR BARBERS. BAK.
DIlUOnLO ers - bootblacks, bath-
. houses, billiard tables,
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, cannere
; dyers, flourmllls. foundries, laundries, paper-
i hangers, printers,, painters, shoe- factories,
stablemen, tar- roofers, tanners, tailors, etc
bUCHAiH/tN BROS..
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento StW
W '° k Eyes stren 4thened.
W&tltLI&L Palnfu l or inflamed eyw i a .
r^^^^ SuTFRi e p-^ Cl p tthGEORGE
- '¦ JS J»iAXx.itua S German Ky*
Water, ; 60c. - at : 1071 M&tWm
'^ggkSS^ «- Tel. £Sth sV^on^e"
"•- ulne without t)Ua trademaxk.
' . ¦ - " " " - '»• '",' : '¦•¦;¦•¦¦
Extraordinary
of Silks and Satins
FINEST- .QUALITY FRENCH SATIN DUCHESSE, 22 and
24 Inches e, in shales or Green, Hellotpope r Purple,
Ashes of Roses and Violet. These goods haYe hsen peu-
ularlu sold at $5.00. Eeruard, On account nn :
of hfoken line cf colors will he closed out at •P|*W
:¦': *TARDu
' ¦ '¦ - ¦ ¦ i
EXTRA QUALITY SATIN DUCHESSE, 22 Inches wide, In Ck
shades of Amethyst,; Heliotrope, Reseda and np^
Violet, regularlu sold tor $3.00 per uard, / j^
Vlllheclosedoutat........./..'............ •'^yard. •
¦ ¦ ¦ • ' • ¦ ¦ ** ¦"¦¦• '
FINE FRENCH SATIN TRICOTINE, 'elegant soft finish
and yeru durahle, In good assortment of colors, such as
Mais, SllYep Greg, Old Rose, NaYU, Garnet «r-i
Brown and MBPtle. This aualltD of silk sells . /S^
pegularlu fop $1.50 per uard. Closing price - ¦^yard.
BEST QUALITY LOUISINE SILK, Lnons Manufacture, V
most durahle and stullsh weave. In silk fop waists anl ' '
dpessesj heautlful lustrous finish and good assortment
of coIopsj ttils nualltu of Loiilslne sells «-
pegularlu fop $1.25 per gapd. Will close at / S^
............ .......... ...... *^TARDt
...-..."¦. . .,¦¦¦• j . ¦. -
• \ ¦;.'."'' : ¦
Allot the ahove Satins and Sllks-wlll he offered for sale'
on THURSDAY, MAY 22. Then are now on dlsplau
In oup show windows.'
III. 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 FOST STREET. :
Makes deUcious Kot biscuit, rolls f
: crusts, griddle cakes: ahdiriuffinsv
4 Acream of tartar powder, absolutely pure^r
ROYAL BAKING POWDER CO.. NEW YORK. ,. \
••Qoo««©o©©0oooo®aoo®0o©oo9®©eo®©e©©3©@»©©ooo
\:4'. \^^\Y9H^P wn Home/'. |
I Z Stop Paying Rent. ]
k"*" * Our plan enables you to buy. where you wish, build according to your own Z
I I plans, selecting your architect and contractor.' * - - .- -- ... .;JJ
I The planoffered by th« PACIFIC HOME CO-OPERATIVE ;COMP ANT • , 2
J is the easiest and best plan before the public. "Your rents buy. your home. - •
i • We" have Teeruits to show— homes that' have been "built ? and purchased by Q
I matured contracts of : this company. We can-buy; or. build -for you. .-. q
I Pacific Koifre Cf fperlve Co, •
l'^-\''^lfY/jA : ">.'h '¦', - ;> iNcbRPORATED. ;"- '^jC^'Si. V- ¦--¦;:¦ '' •
J •^;Ro6m\«K)/?*^I J T^GHAN ! Bin Market street, San Francisco. •
I "ife^etfth^Stiv- Oakland. -. : ;.;."; ¦ ; ;V^ '' .'.493 18^., ;Fresno'.: '•/ : ' 2
I ; 824% S^Sprr^s- St ; I^os' Angeles. " ; , •".. ' ' • ' . 26 N. Second St., San Jose. - 2
V$i$£\K&fi*< T '£~~f'*$ .'•-¦--¦' '.'agents :WANtbd. "J:-.-' ;V' .'• "• ""' '¦"¦:' ¦ ¦ '
!o9«e*a«©e«©©o»®0©©o©9««©(i©©e««©o©©o0e«e09©el
Soft White Hands Luxuriant
Hair Prdduced by;
WlflLUONS of Womcnua CUTICURA SOAP, assisted by
\y\ CUTICURA OINTMENT, for preserving purifying and
J.YJL beautifyine the skin, tor cleansing the scalp of crusts,
scales, and dandrufi. and thr stopping of falling hair, for
softening:, whitening, and soothing: red. rough, and sore hands,
for baby rashes, itchings, and chaf ings, in the form of baths for -
annoying irritations an? inflammations, "or too free or offensive
perspiration, in the form of washes for, ulcerative weaknesses, and
for many antiseptic purposes which readilv suggest themselves
to women, especially mothers, and for all the purposes of the
toilet, bath, and nursery. CUTICURA SOAP combines delicate
emollient properties derived from CUTICURA OINTMENT,
the great skin cure, with the purest of cleansing ingredients, and
the most refreshing of flower odours. No' other medicated soap
ever compounded is to be compared with it for preserving, purify-
ing, and beautifying the skin, scalp, hair, and hands. No other
foreign or domestic toikt soap ts to be compared with it for all the
purposes of the toilet, bath, and nursery. Thus it combines in
ONE SOAP at ONE PRICE, the BEST skin and complexion
soap, and the BEST toilet and BEST baby soap in the world.
Complete External and Internal Treatment for Every, Ilumour, $1.00.
i!!i4*A*f>wA « a. mi -an* ot uirn»;i'KA x.,At, iv..; ; to cleanse the skin of crusts
h IE ¥ HH^Ifl a 53 * u "c;»'«-..« *n<\ ««>!u:l tin- thi* kened iitic|c. Cuticura Ointment e
\HLai£.Vlfiil CJ ¦ vh - • l " '"«' ; '"H> A\Uy •!< nit.-fi .tn«l irritation. an<i soothe and heal*'
"V^» aii.1 Uvnotk* Ick^ilvbnt Pills, IV... to cool and cleanse the
The Set SI v ' ! "' 1 - 1 ' hlirr •" ?'?'> "«ufflrfent tocure the most torturing,
¦ lie &%ji <9i ti^ii S iirl.it huiiiiHin, with Iosk a* hair, when all else falls Soft!
diron^noui cne ironrt Onti^l. l»ej«.t r. >. Chartti»i..«Ke Sq, London French Depot-
b Ra* do la ratx. Parts, Pott.:u Oui:<, *nd Ciiem Cokp.. Sole Props. S,os|
CUTICURA RESOLVENT PILLS .Chocolate Coated) are* new. tasteless, odor*
,le». «coo<niuca) *ur«ntnte for »he celebrated liqum Ofticcra Hesolyext, as wellas for
*>iood purifiers ami hciaour curea. Put up in pocket vials, containing GO doset
ADVERTISEMENTS. * '
¦ * '¦ ggt ."]
''.'¦'' '"•-¦'*
:¦¦'!, Are you going to take the'. children iij'tlte: country this sumuier, anu ilou't
# ; you think ' they 'Kill enjoy a', trap, of , this' kind? -We ; have;this trap as well
-;.;as dozens ; of others." Ask, for- catalbgfies: v - .. .....;.
, .;. 1902. WORK- ALL'.'HERE. V^:
-•-•.¦. • OP'CAronFbRNXA- j :":V- y";',- : ;
. ¦ MARKET, AND : 3.qTH:STS., -.y . • -^ ,-;. . '• .:;;. :V v -- SAN. FRANCISCO. '
{ It you want a
QoodTrunlc
v^^jg^j^^^ made to withstani
a**3^jF_^yY miners. I extra trays
ALLIGATOR BAGS that are genuine alligator
ekir. from !»2.5O
DRt-SS SUIT CASE— All leather and all
leather lined: steel frame, brass trimmed and
brass lock. Special at , $5.3U
Furniture and household on credit^ If you like.
128 ElliS St. Abovefwrdl
San Franclnco.
ADVEBTISEMEIITS. '>