Sends Messages /Through- Fog.
• LONDON/ March 31.'— The Marconi sta
tion ; at-, the Lizard says :. it"- communicated
successfully with the steamer Kaiser Wil
he!m Ar Grosse ; when ; the- veasel- was' 11D0
miles . distant, "steaming 'through fog.
TMimolts v '/or>Union v Station.
WASHrNGTONf^laXch 31.-Seriat6r:Mc-
Mjllin.Wdh^ntroducVyj ra biir.a"uthoriz-.
\<ng. the ; oqftstrlietiori' iatfj Jafuriiori- station i In
Washington Uo .c^Bt ; .|«XK),OOO. .
News of, Stormy Weather Ma£es It
Certain the Huronian Met
. Disaster.
ST. JOHNS. N. ,F.. March 21.— Sealing
steamers which arrived here to-day bri.ijf
reports of s tempestuous weather and say
they have not seen or heard anything of
the missing Allan line steamer Huronian.
. It was thought by some persons that
this steamer. might have drifted north 'and
become enmeshed among the Ice 'floes arid
that the crew might have been rescued by '.-,
some sealing schooner. The absence of
news from the north makes it certain that
the Huronian is no longer afloat.
Thrice Wounds. His Antagonist and
Emerges From tho Combat
Unscathed. .
BOY FIGHTS A PISTOL
DUEL WITH '•¦.•'AGED MAN
¦; '¦It' Is -understood; that General Funston
has replied ..to .the ';. President's inquiry
denying; that he said that this or any of
his' other utterances met with approval at
the White House.
7-;.' Since; leavlngVwashlngton , the statement
has- been /attributed Ito] Funston that trie
president": had; approved of his speech .be
fore the Lotos Club in;Ne"w York and that
thej President" ari"d Senator Lodge Wanted
him to make the same speech In Boston.
. '.; It but.'a short 'time ago that Gcn
,efal F?unstqn.waa iri Washington, when he
¦recel^-edthe.-greatest consideration at the
JWhlte^Houge: ; His. wishes "were consulted
¦and : he was 'given the cbnimand at Den
ver; one of - the: bcst. L
ANEW YORK, "I March 31.— A special . to
•the _>w6rld?from, Washington says: Gen
eral Frederick^ Funston is the latest hero
to' bo. called iiipon by. the President for" an
explanation -of the ; statements attributed
: to. him in- the newspapers.
: * Statement 'That He Approved
¦ - the General's Utterances. •
President Roosevelt Objects to the
PUNSTON IS CAIXED.
UPON TO EXPLAIN
. ¦ - .• , ' •
Special Difrateh to The Call.
TUBA CITY, March 31.— Judge Davis
has filed his decision in the Superior Court
in the hydraulic* mining case of Sutler
County vs. William Johnson etal.,' mak
ing the injunction against the Polar Star
mine on the headwaters of Bear River
permanent.
This case was brought to test the Cam
inettl law' and the court holds that the
law is not absolute arid that ; thepermits
granted to hydraulic. minersby the Debris
Commission appointed under ' that : law aro
no bar to injunction suits when the debris
from the mines is injuring s the rivers
and valley lands, even though the miners
have constructed dams in accordance wJth
the plans and under the supervision of
the commission. The defendants alleged
that the courts had no jurisdiction.
White's appointment as Embassador
will be the capstone of his long diplomatic
; career. He received his first appointment
I in the diplomatic service in 1SS3, when he
was made secretary of the legation at
Vienna. He remained . there only; a few '
months and ¦ was then transferred' to
London as second secretary of the lega
tion. He was promoted to the grade of
first secretary of legation in 18SC. He re
tired in 1893 and four years later was ap
pointed secretary of the" embassy In Lon
don.
White Is rich,, and it, Is believed will
make a favorable impression In Italy. It
will be the duty of '.White, to place the
United States Embassy upon a proper
footing immediately upon his arrival.
Meyer was rather. unfortunate because, of
reports regarding his peculiar character
istics'and of his efforts to secure the sec
ond secretaryship of the Embassy in
London, which reached the 'Italian Gov
ernment. He was unable to present his
credentials for a year -after his arrival,
and when he did so he was received on
somewhat humiliating terms.
-White, It Is said, .will be • entirely; ac
ceptable to the King of Italy. The selec
tion, of White foi\ltaly prevents;the.as
signment 6t Storer. Minister. to. Spain, .to
that post. i. The President has promised
Storer an embassy, and a placer of this
rank ; which] will; probably, becoine .vacant
ehortly is Berlin. ' " '
CALL BUREAU. 1406: G STREET. N.
W.. ' WASHINGTON, March' 31.— Henry
"White, flrst Secretary, of the United
States embassy In London, has been prac
tically selected to succeed George V. L.
Meyer as Embassador of ' the ' United
States to Italy.
Special Dlsnatch to The Call. :
Court Permanently Enjoins Miners
Holding Debris Commission
Permits. .
, Condition of Sampson.
WASHINGTON, : March 31.—Reports
were : in; circulation. to-day \ that Admiral
Sampson's '-/.condition had taken another
turn for the worse and that the end was
near, but it was learned upon inquiry that
.his condition is; unchanged and that x he
takes : his outdoor exercise is regularly,
weather permitting, as ¦ has been' his "cus
tom for some 'months. . At. his residence
to-night it was. stated' that he '.was: down
to >.dinner.". It'Is conceded;.that;he'never,
will regain his health; but" no new,un
toward development has occurred. re
cently. . ¦ '.
LITTLE ROCK, Ark.,- March Cl.—To
night the ; Senatorial situation remains
unchanged.' It is claimed by ex-Governor
Clarke and friends that advices have been
received from forty-four counties showing
that they 'were carried by. CJark'e. 1 These
counties* have seventy-five .members ""of
the General Assembly, or eight more than
a majority on joint ballot.. At the Jones
headquarters : no definite - claims are. put
forward, but.Senator Jones has not abari
-doned hope. It is thought every county in'
; the State will be heard from by to-mor
row, and , the result will be definitely
known then.," / ' .
Jones Is Still Hopeful.
First Secretary at London Will 2e
Promoted to the Rank of
Embassador.
¦ - -
RULES AGAINST
HYDRAULICKERS
• The main chamber in the cave presents
a most beautiful appearance. 'Portions of
the walls, are; decorated with "masses of
crystallized lime : and the roof 13 hung
with stalactites. On the floor of the cave
are hundreds of tons of ore that has been
broken down from the vein, as "one side
of the cave is formed by the foot wall of
the ore body. ; ' ¦ , ¦
BUTTE, Mont., March 31.— A special to*
the Miner from Kendall says a most "\von- :
derfulcaye was discovered Inlthe Abbey
mine. In extent and novelty this cave
surpasses anything of ¦ the kind yet en
countered in a gold mine.
A' peculiar) feature. of this freak of na
ture is that It is founa in an immense ore
Presents; Most Beautiful
Appearance.
Wonderful Cave in the Abbey Mine
FREAK OF NATURE
IN IMMENSE ORE BODY
It Is known that the President will not
accept his resignation as Commissioner
until he is assured that there .will be no
opposition .whatever to his confirmation
for another office. Senator Burton of
Kansas, who is now on a visit "to his
State, has been waited on personally by
a delegation of Grand Army veterans and
urged to use his influence against the
confirmation of Commissioner Evans for
any office.
Grand Army Men at Work Among
the Senators.
WASHINGTONyMarch 31.— Members of
the G. A. R. have' begun a new campaign
against; Pension Commissioner Evans,
and propose to carry the fight beyond his
present office. Appeals have been made
to members of the Senate against his con
firmation in that body for any office to
which the President may appoint him.
It was said to-night by friends of the
administration that this will prove a
boomerang and keep Evans at the head
of the pension department indefinitely.
STILL FIGHT EVANS.
WRITE TO GET
ITALIAN POST
administered and that all who are entitled
to receive their benefits shall enjoy them
'without diminution or. unreasonable de
lays and that every unworthy, claim shall
be rejected^ and every fraudulent pen
sioner stricken from the rolls.;
"The' atmosphere of the Pension Bureau
has been such as to" create an *- impression
that a great many frauds are attempted
by the old soldiers, but It Is worthy of
note that according to the. last report of
the Commissioner there were out of 159
"The committee found no fault with the
pension laws as they now exist, but
rather with the manner in which the laws
have been construed and administered by
the Pension Bureau. A desire fora change
in the office of Commissioner of Pensions
has been steadily growing for two years
past untli now It is almost universal
among the veterans. Conservative Grand
Army men believe, and with good cause,
that great injustice has been done, to
many deserving and worthy claimants.
All the veteran soldiers of the Union de
sire is that the laws be justly and fairly
"will not be made publlc ; for some 1 little
'time 1 , as the "President has tinder con
sideration the selection of a successor, to
Pension Commissioner Evans. Judge Tor
rence, discussing the report, said:
WV jw-INNEAPOLIS, Minn., March
/H >/B 31.— Judge Eli Torrence, com-
/ nr S mander " m * clllef of the Grand
•/ . ur- B Army of the . Republic, jusi
¦^ ' , back. from a conference with
.. -.,-' - • \-',-.- the .. President "on perislot
matters, say-- the report of the Grand"
Army of the Republic pension committee
I was submitted -to the. PrPFldent^^'-er.,"a
week; age. *his requestPhow'eyerlfit
persons convicted of frauds' against. the
bureau last year but ten soldiers of the
Civil War, ' of whom two were deserters:
Many convictions were for offenses
against, the "old soldier and not, for. him.
The "records; show' that j only one soldier
but of 73,000 has been convicted of f^aud
against the Government.* Certainlyrthat
Js n',.Vc'nflerful Tshowinsr/* ¦ <" •
""Incidentally, Judge Torrence denied that
he was' to be made Commissioner of Pen- 1
"sions.-nor was he a candidate for that or
any other. ofBce.
dollar there", shall be devices and inscrip
tions to be prescribed .by the Government
"of -the Philippine Islands, with the ap
proval, of, the- Secretary t of -War, of the
United States,-, which devices arid Inscrip
tions sliall express or • symbolize ; the"sov
ereignty' of the United States and that It
• is coin of tho : Philippine Islands, . together
..with the denomination of the ¦ coin ei-_
' pressed . hi' En gl Is h. : FlIHtlrwraiioyChttiCTg
characters ani-. the _date of Its coinage. ', '":
. . SALE .OF BULLION.
', "l*hat any : owner of silver bullion may ;
'deposit 'tlVe saiheiat'the^inint In the Phil
ippine Islands to be'colned as hereinbefore
.provided. .Silver bullion -brought : tocthe
rriirit, of. the Philippine Islands 'for coinage
shall bevreceived'arid coined by the' proper
officers for the 'benefit. or 'the depositors.
Proviaed: , That, it shall'. be lawful to re
.fuse.at the : mint any deposit of less than
' $100, . and i also any bullion so base as to
be '.unsuitable for \ the . operations of the
mint; and^ provided also that when gold
. is v combined' with .said f bullion In such
small proportion ; that It cannot be sep
arated,advantageously no allowance shall
be ; niade f or such gold to the depositor."
"Thesilver dollar is made a legal tender
•in' .the'; Philippines. "There is further re
.quireirient that the deposrttor of gold to be
coined shall' be required to pay 1 cent for
each piece. coined." Authority is given for
the; coinage-at San Franeisco at the re
quest ot 'the = Philippine 'Government of
silver dollars \ authorized by the act, but
it Is required that the silver "coined at the
San' Francisco mint shall have. been pro
duced in the; United States, j Silver cer
tificates of not less than 510 In denomina
tion'are authorized. ;
"."Authority Is also given for. the coinage
of- a subsidiary^Philippine coinase of half
dollars, arid" of .twenty-five-cent and ten
: cent ¦¦pieces."-. This, coinage is to be con
ducted under the authority of the Philip
pine Government, with the approval of the
Secretary of War of the United States,
; and there is a provision ; that the dollars
and subsidiary, coins issued under Span
ish authority may be recolned ' Into sub
sidiary; coins by the ¦'. Philippine Govern
ment without consulting the Secretary of
¦War. Minor coins of one-half cent and
jpf one. cent: in .copper and of five cents
inr nickel' are also' authorized. Provision
is made' for the mintage of the subsidiary
coinage at any mint in the United States.
Existing pro visions in force in the. islands
making /any.;: sort of money legal tender
are- repealed after December "31. 1905.
¦iThe Iprovisio'ni concerning the currency
to be used'; in '. the islands covers six . pages
of 't"he bill. Af ter authorlzliig the
pine" Government to': establish; a mlnt^ at.
Manila and extending the coinage, laws
of 'the United States : so far as applicable
to > the 1 islands the following isadded: ;'
"The Philippine Government. is 'author-'
ized ; to -coin a J silver, dollar.' which, shall'
."contain r.fouf hundred and "sixteen J grain's,
of ;'standard; silver, and the^ standard of
icaid', silver .coins shall be "such -that •, of
1000 "parts •': by • weight 900. ''snail be of , pure
!mefal arid .100 of ; alloy/.and 4 tl^e. alldyi shall
be of copper. And upon the j said silver
CONCERNING CURRENCY.
lished.''
Other, features of the bill relate to • the
details of the commission's administration
and have been i from " time to : time pub-
; The Philippine is . continued
in "effect and there is no further bint- than
that quoted of a possible 'change!- -The.
following provision is made for. the, ex
tension of ', the. commission's; authority:- • •
"That the Philippine Commission In the
meantime is hereby authorized .-'ahd di
rected, in' their" discretion,' to continueto
establish .municipal :andj provisional gov
.ernments in 'the i .Philippine 'Islands',!, with"
popular representative government so far
and bo fast as communities t In. such civil
divisions are capable, fit arid rcady.Tor the
same.^the qualification of electors in elec
tions -In 'municipalities: and provinces to
be the same as nowlproyided by law^for
electors : in municipal . elections; ¦ and ' said
Philippine Commission whenever they find
other .male : Inhabitants of - lawful age ;in
such'munlcipalitles and provinces; capable,
fit arid ready for such extension shall in
clude "the • same ; among the ; electors ; ! with"
the : purpose :• of . gradually extending • ¦ to
municipalities and provinces ¦'' permanent
popular: representative 'government.", " -'
x^r -ry Washington, . March 31.
ioi"">H~ ¦£'¦ —The Senate cotaniittee
' B Am A • on the PhIli PPines to-
IT V" ' day* completed conside'r
¦V • •-/ ¦•¦•'-• • l-.i^VP" -..*>* i^ei^J 1 '. P r ?"
'scribing, a form of gov
ernment for; th$^PhilIpplnp- Islands and
authorized Senator; Lodge to report it to
the Senate, af ter_ voting dawn; the. Demo
•¦"¦cratfo'Jisubfetltutd; by?a-party,Vvdte. 'The
amendment . provides for, a . census of th'o
pbpulatibn of .tlie' islands, and is-'as fol
lows: -* '¦;[':'.' ."y^VW: \ : . ¦;¦;.:.'¦•.; ,-/ T: •¦ ;> . : :
] "That .wheneyer, the condition; of the in
'surrection Jn-the-Phijtppine Islands, shall
have : ceased^abd a condition 1 of general'
and complete • peace ; ; shall" have, been es
tablished therein and^the facts : - shall, be
certified to , 'the president of the' Philip
pine Commission. , the. President.",upori be
ing satisfied, thereof, shall order, a.' census'
of the Philippine Islands to be taken. Such
census in its inquiries relating to' the pop
ulation shall-' take- and make' so.' far. "as
practicable- full report for all the' inhabi
tants, of name, ;age,' sex, : race '.or; tribe,
whether . native or foreign-born, : literacy
in Spanish, native dialect or language, cr
in English, schpor attendance and' owner
ship of homes', and such other information
separately for each 4 island, each, province
and municipality, or other -civil "division,
heedful to inform the President and ,Con
gress "concerning the capacity, "fitness, and
readiness of. all - the people of the ¦ Philip
pine 'Islands and of r. 'particular' -Islands,'
provinces and ; munlclpaiities, . and other,
civil divisions, ,for. the establishment -an«l;
maintenance in the islands or certain . of
them of a permanent '"popular, representa
tive government.'' '. : j;- • V _' '.
EXTENDS AUTHORITY.
After ; the completion' of the census^ the
Philippine Commission is, required .fully; to
report to the President _. and to." Congress
their recommendations-. based on such cen
sus and upon the.. operation 1 of the local^
governments provided for whether or hot
all or certain of the Philippine Islands are
capable, fit- and ready for the establish-'
ment.of a permanent-popular representa
tive government.: V .... • . ..
CokMANDER-IN-CHIEF OF THE GRAND ARMY OF THE REPUBLIC.
J WHO DECLARES THERE IS ROOM FOR REFORM IN THE ADM1N
( ISTRATION OF THE PENSION OFFICE. •
'¦:'¦ ; •' . . ;'¦: ':•¦ ¦¦ : ¦< •': l - ,¦ .'¦ ¦ - ' •' ."• ¦ '¦ ¦ - • ¦'¦¦¦
NOTpp; STATESMAN WHO HAS BEEN AUTHORIZED TO. REPORT TO,
THE i AN AMENDED BILL PROVIDING CHANGES IN THE
FORM OF GOVERNMENT 6F THE PHILIPPINES.
No Action ' -Yet » : Taken to Reimburse
American^ Sufferers From
PAYMENT OF 'CLAIMS
fWt? OF CHINA MISSIONARIES
Flipped a silver quarter into his hantl, and
¦when the astonished Senator asked wliy
rhe offered to pay a United States Sena
tor for an act of courtesy she said with
perfect simplicity:
J "Oh, excuse me, I thought you were a
uoorkttpcr." ¦
French Brig "Wrecked in Foe
LONDOK. March 31.-Fogs on the coast
1 o-day htfve resulted In a number of
: .i minor oiUhaps to shipping. . The French
| brig Ruseiei' bound for Newfoundland and
having on board' a crew of thirty-one
men. was wrecked on the rocks west of
| St. Catherines. : Isle of Wight. : The crew
j.'*M safely landed.v^
rour Thousand Houses Burned.
YOKOHAMA. March 3L— A fire at the
. » «lik m&rmf acturing town of Fukul has
destroy $<$ ' 4000 houses
WASHINGTON. March 31. — Senator
Hawley, chairman of the Committee on
Military Affairs, to-day politely pointed
Jut some of the interesting decorations in
the committee room to a party of rural
visitors, evidently strangers to the capi
tal.. As they left him one of the ladies
Senator.
Officer Brings in Coat and Vesr
Dropped by a Fleeing
Fugitive.
' SAN RAFAEL. March 31.— Frcrr. all In
dications the firebug of San Rafael will
coon be in custody. Detectives have at
last obtained a good clew to the identity
f>t the culprit in the shape of a coat and
• vrst brought in last night by Officer
One of the watchmen- of* the Hansen-
Lunn Lumber Company discovered a man
In the yards at 10:30 o'clock. He sought
the assistance of officers and returned to
the yard. The man was still there, but
before the officers could capture him he
fled and escaped through the lumber al
leys. In his hasty 'departure a coat and
vest were left behind. They were ex
amined, but there wa* nothing in the
pockets. It is believed the firebug took
them, to the yard to saturate them with
oil and then use them to ignite the lum
. ber, bat his plans were frustrated by the
V > vigtlacce of the watchman.
BLIPS A QUARTER
INTO HAWLEY'S HAIJD
Bural Visitor at the Capital Tries to
Give a Tip to a United States
SAN RAFAEL INCENDIARY
BARELY ESCAPES CAPTURE
DENIES UTTERING
SENSATIONAL WORDS
Captain Perry of the Battleship
Iowa Makes a Satisfactory
Explanation.
WASHUfGTON. March SL-Secretary
Long haiVr<*reived from Captain Perry,
commanding the battleship Iowa, a reply
to . the department's inquiry regarding
certain alleged indiscreet remarks which
¦were reported to have been made by that
officer at a Chilean ifenquet. Captain
Perry declares that^whHe inChile he was
¦not' at sny time present at -any dinner,
breakfast, luncheon, supper or any-otb«r
in^nl where any toast- or speech was made ;
by Mm or -others. Nor did he at ary
t:me say anything, cither in public or in
private, that could be construed to mean
that he favored either Argentine or Chile
in the event of war. The report, he says,
undoubtedly grew out of a visit 'of the in
tc-ndente of Concepcion to the Iowa, on
wt*ch occasion that official . was invited
!nto the cabin, where Perry offered him a
pJass of wine and said to him:
"Permit me. sir, to propose your good
health. The best wish I can offer you Is
tfcat peace may prevail In your country."
Captain Perry says that he Is as Inno
cent of making the alleged indiscreet re
marks as he Is of offering to sell the
Icwa. which was currently reported in
Chilean newspapers.
Secretary Long has replied to Captain
Perry, informing him that his explana
tion is perfectly satisfactory-
flight and multitudinous business troubles.
Johnson arrived in Hot Springs Sunday,
March 23, and was joined by his wife on
the Saturday following. Mr. Netterville,
who is connected with the bank through
which much of the alleged forged paper
is said to have passed, came here on a
private search for Johnson and found him.
Johnson is so ill that he will be 'inable
to leave his bed for at least a week. He
says that he wished to keep his hiding
place a secret until he was able to travel
and then Intended to return to Anderson
to face the charges against him.
' It Is stated that an attempt will be
made by certain directors of the Ander
eon National Bank to : arrange a settle
ment out of court.
. ¦¦
man, who seems to have broken down
t:nder the worry incident to his alleged
HOT SPRINGS, Ark.. March SL-Man
. son M. Johnson of Anderson, Ind., who
is alleged to have forged paper to the
extent of 5100.000, was arrested here to
day at the request of Cashier Marker of
the Anderson National Bank. Johnson
was found in his room at one of the large
hotels, sick in bed and under a physician's
csre. His wife and J. J. Netterville, a
feliow-townsman, are caring for tne sick
Treaty for/ Cession of
WesMndiestoBe
/ffatified.
Official Repudiation
of the Alleged \
Censusand0pin^0Fea^
In the Senate BilL
Christmas' Story of
Bribery Declared i
False.
Judge Tor fence ia|^|||i^i
Pension Bureau r s Faults.
Fugitive Forger Is
Found in Bed and
Arrested.
Manson M. Johnson
to Answer for
Ws Crime.
Accused of Securing
$100,000 on His
0Pen Work.
CIVIL SYSTEM
FOR PHILIPINES
CHIEF DEFENDS
UNION VETERANS
ILLNESS
FOLLOWS
FLIGHT
DENMARK
DISCARDS
CHARGES
VOLUME XCI—NO. 122.
ii&A^FBAN^^
PRICE FIVE GENTS,
. Boxer Troubles.
\ .WASHINGTON. -iJMarch 31.— No action
has been taken Jthusi: far by the Appro
priation Committee :'of the House on the
recommendation '.ot [. the President to pay
by appropriatlqni $2,100,000 of the mission
ary claims^ growing .out,. of the ; Boxer
troubles .ih;.China, and an Informal, un
derstanding;lias^b*een-reached that: \t\ will
be inadvisable tojpky .these claims before
usual
' manner y'by _- a H?55{t r m! s sl<m " or/ some \ bthet
body and also^eiore China "has -paid ' the
525,000,000 indemnity 'comingVto. this.^coun
try. : The, matter came up , recently when
the sundry civil appropriation! bill was
under consideration and; Chairman Can
non called In! Hitt' of the Foreign Affairs
Committee to get : his views of the sub
ject. All agreed that the claims ought' to
be adjudicated before 'being paid aiid
ought to await China's. settling, up. It
is probable this terminates any' present
appropriation of .the amount of these
claims. ¦ . .
to The Cell. .
CALI^-BTJRKAU; UK G STREET." N.
W., WASHINGTON. : March 31.— M. Con
stantin Brun,** Danish ' Minister to < the
United State's? called : upon Secretary Hay
to-day,; and /nthb, name of his Govern
ment officially^ disclaimed the bribery
charges ' of V.Captain Christmas. These
charges,-, which: relate to the sale of the
Danish West .Indies to this Government,
will' be. the basis Jot an investigation,
which will be begun to-morrow by a com
mittee of the. House of Representatives. •
M. Brun informed Secretary.; Hay. that
i here f was /absolutely no foundation for
the /allegations j of > Captain Christmas;
that the man had not during the negotia
tions been employed; as an agent of Den
mark, and that|there had been no agree r
ment;to : payhinv anything for any work
he ' might do in|the United States. "; Den
mark sihcerielyjregrets that the charges
should ha've ! attracted | attention.
It Is expected^ that the treaty for the
cession of thV Danish West Indies will be
ratified this weekly, the' upper house of
the Danish Parliament.
The San Francisco Call.
HORROR
RULES IN
THE MINE
Twenty^Two Men Are,
Killed by Terrific
Explosion.
FrightfulTragedyHas
Occurrence in
Tennessee.
Friends of the Missing
Workmen Search**
ing for Bodies.
CHATTANOOGA, Tenn., March 31.— At
4:45 o'clock this afternoon an explosion ot
gas In the Nelson mine of the Dayton
Coal and Iron Company, at Dayton,
Tenn., ignited the dry coal dust In the
mine and caused a terrific explosion.
Twenty-two men are known to be dead.
Ten bodies have been recovered. Twelve
bodies are still In the mine. The dead
are:
MARK HUNTER.
ALEX TAFFER.
JAMES FRANKLIN.
JOHN HARNEY.
TOM SHAVER.
JAMES HARRIS.
P. G. TRAVIS-all white.
' GEORGE GRIFFIS.
BEN GRIFFIS
REESE DEAN. -
NORRIS PIERSOLL.
MORGAN SMITH. v .
JOHN ROBINSON.
BRYANT SMITH.
MACK FOUST— all colored.
Six others, names unknown.
NAMES OF INJTTEED.
Fatally injured— W. T. Head, brother of
James Head, superintendent of the mine,
burned Internally, will die.
Seriously Injured— James Rlley, white,
right leg broken, bruised about head and
face; Will Prestell, white, badly burned;
William Scarborough, white, badly
burned; Arthur Hughes, white; George
Waff ord, "colored; Tom Cummlngs, white;
Henry Gonyon. white.
Gas exists In the Nelson mine and the
men are required to use safety lamps.
It Is - the rule of the company for the
miners to place their fuses ready to be
lighted for blasts just before quitting
*work each day, • and there arc workmen
known as . "firemen" who -go through the
mine after all the miners are out and scl
off these blasts. The miners quit work
'at. 4:30 this afternoon. It takes them
about forty-five minutes to get out of the
mine.
The two "firemen" to-day, who are sup
posed to have caused the explosion, were
Mark Hunter and John Harney. They
shot the blasts about 4:43 o'clock, before
all the miners could get out of the mine.
It Is supposed that one of the fuses was
defective and resulted In what Is known*
as a "blown blast."
TERRIFIC EXPLOSION.
The flame shooting out: from, the blast
ignited the gas. which in turn ignited tha
accumulation of dry coal dust In tho
mine. The explosion that followed was
terrific. The flames shot out of the mouth
of the mine, .and the shock completely
wrecked the shed at the mine entrance.
Three* men were killed while standing out
side the mine, and two were seriously and
one fatally injured.
This mine has been the scene of two se
rious explosions in the past. In 1SS3 four
men were killed and eight seriously in
jured by*a"n explosion of ga3.
December 12, 1S35, an explosion of mine
dust occurred in which twenty-eight lives
were lost. This was caused by a- mine*
carrying an open lamp, contrary to regu
lations. BmH
The force of the explosion In the Nel
son mine to-day was terrible. Bodies* wera
literally mangled and torn to pieces. Thi
company states that there were but sev*
enty-flvc men at work in the mine to-day.
Most of them were out of the mine when
the explosion occurred.
REVOLUTIONISTS TAKE
A SAN DOMINGO T0W2T
Fierce Battle Is Fought and Now
Martial Law Prevails on the
Island. -
SAN DOMINGO, Republic of Santo Do
mingo. March 31.— The town of Barahona.
on the south coast, was attacked and
captured by > the revolutionists after a
severe fight, In which forty were killed
or wounded. Later a Government gun
boat bombarded Barahona and landed,
troops who retook the town. The revo
lutionists retired to a stronghold In the
neighborhood.
The Dominican Minister of War has
proceeded to Barahon.i with other
troops, and will take ssvere measures to
re-establish order. The revolutionary
activity Is for the, present confined to
Barahona. The Dominican Congress has
decreed that martial law be established
throughout the . whole republic and that
the constitutional guarantees be suspend-
LINER IS .SUPPOSE!)
TO HAVE BEEN" LOST
Bishop O'Gorman's Mission.
• SIOUX FALLS. S. D., March 31.— Right
Rev. v Thomas;O' Gorman. Catholic bishop
of, South ¦ Dakota, has gone to Washing
ton to" hold •'. a 'conference" with? President
Roosevelt ' in - reference'' to, .the
~purchase"by ; the United States; of the
lands held i by/the friars ¦ in •: the Philippine
Islands.' .During the conference it will be
decided. whether or not Bishop' O'Gorman
shall; proceed .direct from .Washington • to
Rome to assist ; in the negotiations with
, : jrENpLETON,.-,_Or.; March 31.— Alvin
Wade, a sheepherder, aeed 16 years, en
gaged in a duel yesterday with William
Harris, 70 years old. They used heavy
revolvers and shot at each other, at a'dis
tance of fifteen feet. Wade fired 'five* and
Harris, three times. Harris was thrice
wounded— in le«r, arm and groin. . Wade
came . out of the combat unhurt! . The
shooting took, place in the grazing coun
try. southwesf'ofPendleton. 7 • ..
• ;¦ Full (details have : not been r^cei<-ed . bii /
Wade claims the'&ld man began a'quarreil
with:him and- threatened 'to take; hiBlifeX
He will : plead ; self-defense. Wade was
Jailed; ;, : JIF you are ¦ looking for ; thrills ; the !
Grand Opera-house is the place to
go this week, with "The Empress
Theodora'^for the bill arid two sure
enough "meat" Hon3 in the cast. In
the second scene; first act, after, a very
long "two-minutes intermission" : by the
way, the curtain rises upon Tamyris'
home, under the hippodrome, with the
aforesaid monarchs of the forest slenderly
caged to the left of- the stage.... It Is not
of the gospel according to Sardou, but j
exciting, nevertheless, when - a black
garbed person rushes - on . the stage- and .
pokes one of the llohs to a perfunctory
,roar and a gentle tread that shakes the
filigree cage in most picturesque and
earthquaky fashion. The black-garbed
persqn then enters ' the cage, apparently
apologizes to the lion for his' disturbing
! attentions and walks out, snapping the
• door in a manner . that only half con
vinces the house that the cage is more
than paint and canvas and the kingly
beast safe for the night. Nero, . the othtr
lion, seemed to be having a very : good
time and was among the most attentive
spectatBr^ of the play. He seemed par
ticularly interested in the butterfly figure
of Florence Stone and was probably con
jecturing what a good time he could have
were t'other dear charmer away. The
interest was reciprocal, Miss Stone keep--
f'.'-;.-. ';. ;¦ ¦ Orpheum. • •
.- Fred : Stuber, .the king/ of banjoists, : is
playing. at; the . Orpheum ? thisLweek. ' He
is onej of .the few, performers whVcan get
real music out of this, the 'commonest' and
at the-^ same time ' most :'dlflHcuIt^Instru
ment. He Is so clever that at' the end of
each - piece the gallery gods . and • the : . oc
cupants of the lower; floor break' out into
tumultuous applause, that is « only stilled
when ' he '< again ' takes ' the Instrument in
Central.
::. A';, melodrama, of/ unusual strengths en-j
titled ' ,^The Sleeping City" was presented! |
at , Belasco ' & Thall's Central Theater ; last
evening and no better . comedy drama lias
J been ¦ seen | at that j popular playhouse for;
*some 4 time. There was 7 any, amount of
good comedy to offset the many thrilling
;ar.d sensational incidents of / . the play.'
'."The," Sleeping LCity:'f is; of s the -good, old
type : . of ; melodrama?, : with its' traditional,
villain? ' hero and> heroine. !¦ One "of L the
scenes | is extremely sensational, I showing,
the daring escape of one of the. characters
from Sing Sing by leaping from the prison
wall :' to j.the 'topfof * a passing /express
train. ~ After - his L escape he ¦ rescues ;: his
brother, from* a «' burning building,;the.sit
uation 'calling, for. a* very^ realistic Hand
: complete-' fire ¦ scene. ¦>. fAnnette Marshall
was 'a charming .Ethel .Baintree..; : ?and
: George P. "Webster a" manly Jack Morton.^
Wlllard,) Blackmorc ";;won favor : ! as; the;
. brother, Lou. ¦>.. Stanley =.Ross ¦ is ' always a 
conscientious'heavy and he carries out his
disagreeable character with much earnest
ness. '• 'James : Corrigan and \ George < Nich-;
. : - • :..'•;. :. . . r.:.r . ¦ :..¦:;:.. •-".--. i
1 The ' temporary hoard of directors of
the United- Railroads" of '> San Francisco
held a meeting yesterday, afternoon at the
offices', of Attorney Tirey, ,L : Ford.' The
meeting. was called for Ithe purpose of se
lecting ¦ a new and permament board .ox
directors,-"-' but.^'no .< .'definite -' action "was
taken. Attorney Ford, 'in an '.interview
after the meeting, said: :'•;•
• ; '.'The - new.- board .'-of' directors will- go
into office before thirty; days. -At present
no names, have ben Those who
will ; serve : will be r appointed by Attorney
Atterbury.and;J.>M. Duane.whp at pres-'
ent 'i represent .the „ • Baltimore - syndicate i
The | appointment of other officials '; is also
¦being considered." v '• .
.-.. ¦.-.;: <¦ ;. ' , , t .. , ¦ .• ¦;- •
Baltimore Syndicate Is Now Salectingf
; '¦New. Directors for Street
:^^V."Caf'Sy3tenis. :;:.;
OLD BOARD TO SERVU : .,
_ v LESS THANyA MONTH
California.
The Al G. Field Greater Minstrels arvj ,
giving a fine performance at f the Califor^
nia. The first, part surpasses anything
of its kind ever before attempted iif.mid-
strelsy, combining as it : does, som^- ex-'
cellent vocal numbers, clever jokes Jand a
transformation sceji« representing'' ' the
i'ar.- American Kxposition, in- wnici*.hun
dreas'ot electric lights p.ay a prominent,
part. Dan Quinlan does a novel sttmt as
the interlocutor and does not : belie his
title as the '.'Chesterfield of modern min
strelsy." Reese Prosser displays nu unec
tive tenor voice in several pleasing , bal
lads, 'and ; Aubrey -Pringle does'-equaily
well in bass solos; *Al Meld himself helpa
out in a sketch which includes a juggler,
billed as "The ' Great Fielding," iwho is
a ¦ revelation - in the somewhat hackneyed
art; of . Juggling. . : ;¦ - •
- Following ; the minstrels the ' California'
will present what may be r claimed its star
attraction of the season— the : famous col-'
ored comedians, Williams and .¦; Walker,: :
and 1 their own company of 'sixtjvpeopio;- 1
ln"The.Sons of Ham.".i This big organiza
tion jumps here direct from- Philadelphia;
ana will remain at the. California for two
weeks. "• It has'jlist closed, long 'runs <: In'
New York, Chicago and Philadelphia,' and j
comes out to the coast now for the first
time. Williams and Walker arethe king
pins of their '. profession. Mf ¦ they- were
white, their ' names -' would be household'
words.- ¦ . . ..¦.-.. , ,-.- ...-;.-,. --
• The comedy* '"'Brother John.'.' with its
exquisite blending "of humor and pathos,
was presented at the Alcazar Theater
last' night to a crowded house. The last
time it was produced in this city was '
some years ago by Maclyn, Arbuckle and
his companyiand the success it achieved
then will undoubtedly follow it now. It
Is full of genuine human interest and ap
peals to the purest and. best, in. one's na-:
ture. The presentation by the stock com-,
pany last night would be hard to , excel. :
This bright comedy will- shine as onevff
the ibest productions-' of the season.
George i Osbourne, as the : honest, lovable
hatter, John Hackett,' gave a conscientious
and admirable portrayal of 'the
Not. a point -was missed and he certainly
scored a . marked : success. M. L. Alsop
gave a rrealistic representation .- of .-the
gambler,. Henry- de' Ruyter,' and earned
the unstinted applause of the audience.
Henry | Shumer | was excellent I as Edward.
Kidd, and the same can be "said of Royal
Dana Tracy as. Bobby Hackett. Howard
Scott,' Zellah'Covington and Walter Be-;
lasco" had ¦ congenial parts.'- Marion \ Con
vere was i charming . as Hetty • i»olan|:
Hackett's f6rewoman,"who wins his love,
ahd Agnes -Ranken as Maggie Rolan.and
Oza .Waldrop as Sophie Hackett! did full
Justice - to the parts. [ Lillian c Elliott '.' as
Beck Hackett I was ¦ clever and convincing.
: Margaret.-- Wycherly.'was .'; Helen ji". Van-
Sprague, in lovewlthDe Ruyter, and had
another, opportunity- of showing that in
emotional . parts she • is capable^ ; . Juliet
Crosby.; as.' Maria» Hack6tt's servant,
helped: greatly in the; success"- of ; the
comedy, while Baggo Conklln was effect
ive as Mrs. Van Sprague. The play is well
staged. and should have a successful run.
Alcazar. -
The rather improbable and ' dubiously
moral play, "The Christian," . opened Its
second . week last j night at the Columbia
with its regular • "Glory Quayle,'.' Mlas
Leslie, still on the. sick list and repre
sented by her ..understuay, Helen Wethers
by. It was a distinct disappointment to
the audience that expected to see Miss
Leslie in the role, and many of them went
away with the feeling that they had been
•'goldbricked" again. San Francisco audi
ences are more than tolerant and are
patient and long suffering.- They have
in the past borno with equanimity = the
handing out of a six-bit play to:a dollar
and-a-half audience, as- in "the . case "of
"Way Down East", and ."Arizona,"- and
the indisposed nights of Calve. ."The
Christian," wltif its religious "mock he
roics, passes for the genuine -thing upon
the average . audience that has paidrlts
$150, but it must not be wondered at that
there will be dissatisfaction when 'the
leading lady appears only three nights the
first week and when the printed pro
grammes for the second week announce
that Helen Wethersby will continue to be
the "Glory" of the^cast. - There, was a
perceptible thinning, out of . the. audience
last night, especially ¦ down ' stairs. Where
there were large gaps filled ¦; with ¦ unin
spiring chairs, and unless the public is
treated more fairly the auditorium may
be expected to yawn with vacant seats.
The excellent acting of, Mr. Morgan, of
Mr. Rowan and Carrie Lee Stoyle;- the
latter . braveiy jumping the' 1 difficult
hurdles of the Scotch dialect, was ap
preciated. . ';,¦• .-' . ;"• '
Columbia.
his hands and commences a. second >tune.
Orpheum patrons who love the music of
the banjo and desire to witness- an ex
traordinary performance should not miss
seeing and hearing StUber. Louis A, Si
mon, ' Grace- Gardner, and company pre
sent a very clever skit, "Tne New Coach
man." The work of Grace Gardner is par
ticularly-good. She has y an appearance
that is very pleasing and puts into the
part of Mrs. Devonshire, the bride,
enough of her own personality to greatly
enhance the value of the piece. Gorman
and Kpppler are rveryj clever people and
the Melani trio are as clever musicians as'
have appeared here in some time. Pa
plnta, the wonderful; is still dancing with
the same skill and grace and Frank Lin
coln, though suffering from a heavy cold,
is still amusing. The Drews are as pop
ular as ever, and the blograph, which
closes the show, has some very fine views.
PARIS. March. 31.— At a council » of the
Ministers this morning President Loubet signed,
a decree fixing, the general -election for April
•In an interview last evening Mr. BeTascb
stated ¦ that It was . the intention of the
management ; of both the.- Alcazar 'and
Central theaters to give the local play
goers an opportunity to see the latest and
best plays. . He I says his trip East means
a great deal, as he will secure the rights
for., producing the latest 1 New'York suc
cesses: ,:-'--• i-- . : \:v. . ¦ : .¦:.,'"¦¦¦;;
.During the absence of Mr. '.Belasco both
theaters will : be looked after by M. E.
Meyer.,- ¦ :.¦ ¦: '¦¦.: . . ;. :^"-- ; : ' - ': ; .¦ ; . • :' v :
Frederlck-Belasco, manager of the Cen
tral and Alcazar theaters, leaves to-night
for New: York in quest. of new plays and
players. He expects -to .- be. 1 gone four
weeks and has made arrangements to
hold meetings with leading theatrical
managers. . Mr. Belasco hints that he will
bring out a play of great importance tor
production at one of the. theaters under
nis management. He will join Sam Thall
in | New v .York and decide ,pn the people
who will play at the Alcazar at the close
of the Florence Roberts season. " Mr.- Bel
asco also intends to get some players for
the Central Theater and a number of new
melodramas. - -¦¦¦'•.' •_¦¦"
' Knowing the Impossibility of securing 1
seats for his brother's great play,, "Mme.
du Barry," i Mr. Belasco telegraphed-' to
him, to .'hold two : seats for him for next
Monday night. -, ¦ -- - ¦
zar and Central Theaters, Wants
. : • Best of ; Both. -
Frederick Belasco, Manager of Alca-
GOING EAST . TO SECURE
PLAYS AND NEW TALENT
"Little Christopher" drew a' good audi
ence to Fischer's Theater last night. The
bright and funny songs and the effer
vescent merriment of the burlesque elicit
ed plenty of laughter. The performers
indulge heartily, in the comicalities of the
burlesque and consequently, It rattles
along at '- a merry pace. The"' march of
the pretty girls and their fencing in. the
last act : were .features much applauded
and (well deserved a flattering encore.
.The management is preparing for the
production next week of. "Fiddle-Dee-
Dee," a mirthful burlesque that has met
with success in New York' and other
cities. This- is heralded as one of the
finest shows in America.
Fischer's.
Macdowell's workiln the part of An
dreas is well known 'and it was about tne
same ' as usual. .His:- clear, - forceful- ut
terance- and I graceful presence are'ex
hibited to fullest ¦ advantage ¦ In the role,
that is of the best in his repertory." Miss
Stone as Theodora shows a marked ad
vance over her . last year's performance
of the part. She has gained both In emo
tional strength and freedom, and though
she has much to learn in the fining of
her work, she gives a very creditable and
pleasing conception of the Empress' char
acter. Mr. Mayall as Marcellus appeared
to exceptional advantage. He ' has done,
nothing so convincing and effective -for
months. Gardner . Crane's Justinian hit
the key of the character fairly well, Mar- :
garet Terry was useful as Tamyris and.
Lillian Albertson was also pleasantly in,
evidence. The piece Is very well mounted'
and should see a good week's business.
ing her weather, eye on Mr. Nero,when
ever the "business led her near! his cage,
, to the wicked- amusement v of : the large
audience., . : . •: .^. •.-..-¦./..¦',•. , t .
COLOMBIA PROPOSES
A NEW CANAL PLAIT
CALL BUREAU. 1406 ,G STREET. N.
W., WASHINGTON, March 31.— Colombia
through her . legation in .Washingtcui pre
sented to Secretary Hay to-day new pro
posals In regard to the construction of
the Panama canal by the United /states.
These proposals are less . liberal than
those submitted by Dr. Martlrfez Silva
when Colombian Minister, which after
modification were accepted by the United
States. They do not grant as long a lease
of the territory needed for the construc
tion of the canal, they reduce the width
of the zone which;>ras regarded;: by the'
Isthmian Canal,-Comrnission-as IridWpen
sable'and they omit to name the amount
which the United Sta^e$-«Jialiipay.v-This
teniSJJBDn. Js regarded -in 'diplomatic; circles
as~an/aavatitage; T>ut" artn«? Ststte^ITep'art^
ment an official who discussed the Colom
bian proposal said that it might not prove
acceptable to this Government.
Senor Concha, the new Colombian Min
ister, accompanied by Herran, first secre
tary of the legation, and William Nelson
Cromwell, general counsel of Colombia,
called on Secretary Hay this afternoon
and presented, the proposals, which are
embodied . in a draft of a treaty. The
treaty provides for the lease of a strip of
territory six miles In width for a period
of one hundred years, with the privilege
of extension. The Isthmian Canal Com
slon recommended that the strip be ten
miles wide.
Secretary Hay will probably suggest
some changes. The proposals will be laid
before Congress in a few days. ;
Eastern Rector Coming- Here.
NEW YORK_March 31.— After thirty
three years' continuous service In -New
Y6rk City, the Rev. Dr. Heber Newton,
rector of All Souls' r Protestant Episcopal
Church. Is about to resign his charge. He
expects to go to San Francisco, there to
accept a call to become a special preacher
at Leland Stanford University. His .-as
sistant, the Rev. W. E. Bentley, says .the
resignation 1 will be 'placed .in the-, hands
of the vestry In a few days. * , ' "--•'¦
HORSE BACKS CARRIAGE
OFF THE HIGH GRADE
Members of a Vallejo Driving Party
Meet Injury on the Benicia
Road. *
VALLEJO, March 3L— George W. Long
fellow, leading boilermaker at the navy
-yard, with his wife and visiting friend3
from Calistoga, the Misses McAfee, went
out for a drive yesterday on the Benicla
road. While they were passing- over a
high grade an eccentric fellow from Be
nicia. known as "Happy Jack," cams
along with a pack animal and refused to
turn back when he. saw that Longfellow's
horse was frightened at his strange ap
pearance." * He waved his hands and the
horse backed the carriage and Us occu
pants off the bank. '
Every one. In the carriage was Injured,
three of them very seriously. Mm. Long
fellow's ankle was sprained; one of the
young ladies suffered a; broken shoulder
and the other a broken arm.
Stays Away From Sofia.
WASHINGTON, March 3L-It Is stated
here that there will he no move In tha
case of Consul Dickinson by our. Govern
ment in the immediate future. . He will
simply stay away from Sofia, and as tfca
Bulgarian Government has no represent*.,
tlve here there can be no retaliation in
the shape of an invitation to him to de*
part. .- :'¦
Republicans Ahead in Des Moines.
DES MOINES. Iowa; , March 31.—Re
turns from twenty-one, of , the-. twenty-nine
precincts of the city give James Brenton
(R.) for Mayor 600 majority, over John J.-
Hartbrower (D.) the Incumbent, who is
now running on the s<x called Citizens'
ticket. The indications are that the whole
Republican city, ticket, is Selected except,
one or two Aldermen. . '
OKLAHOMA CITY, Okla., March 3L—
Sub-Contractor Dean, who was ' in charge
of the Rock Island Railroad Company,
near Bridgeport, Okla., was shot and
killed at that place : by, two negro camp
laborers yesterday. v Dean never , regained
consciousness. No cause* for .the deed is
known. The negroes escaped and are be
ing pursued by a posse. There is talk of
lynching.. • .' ¦-: >. ' ]
Negroes Kill a Contractor.
NOME, Jan. 17. via Seattle, March 3L—
Wi^h a blizzard blowing in their faces
and trudging alongalmost mechanically.
Dr. S/ J. Call, Paul Kegstead and Erik
Johnson* narrowly escaped drowning ill
the icy waters of Norton Bay while oy'
the return trip from Holy . Cross ' Mission,
whence they had taken Father Jacquet,
the demented Jesuit priest..
The trip from Nome to the mission with
Father Jacquet was an arduous one and
often taxed the patience of Dr. Call and
his companions. ;¦ Father. Jacquet at times
was extremely violent,'" and had to : be
watched night and day. His -own exer
tions weakened him considerably, al
though when. Dr. Call'Jeft- for Nome the
father had Improved mentally. -.<. He is be
ing well cared for at the . mission .' and
probably will fully recover. The round
trip from Nome to Holy Cross and back
was made in flf ty-one '.' days^-excellent
time considering the state of the weather.
FATHER . JACQUET LIKELY
. TO RECOVER HIS HEALTH
. Coroner Taylor held an tnque-st and Dr.
W. N. Moore performed an autopsy, which
disclosed the fact that the man died of
cancer of the stomach. t About $124 in
money and a bankbook showing a deposit
of $1700 in a San Francisco bank was
found on his person; also naturalization
papers showing that he was a native of
Ireland, and a letter from a brother,
Thomas Magulre, dated "Wadsworth,
February 4,1878." He had told, the hotel
people that he once lived in Cloverdale. ;
UKIAH. March 31.— A stranger aged
about sixty years arrived in Ukiah by
rail last Wednesday and put up at the
Donahue Hotel. He registered as Frank
Maguire of San Francisco and said that
he would stop a few -days and then go to
Witter Springs for his health. On Satur
day evening, while walking along .State
street,, he suddenly sank to the pavement
and seemed to be in a -State of collapse.
He was removed to his room and a doctor
summoned. The man could talk but little,
and yesterday he died.
ment to Have Been Cancer of
* the Stomach. ; iv ''-'-f;
Autopsy Shows Frank Maguire's Ail-
SAN FRANCISCAN DIES
J SUDDENLY IN TJKIAH
Army orders announce that Second
Lieutenants Martin Novak. Nineteenth
Infantry, and William Paterson, artil
lery, are ordered from Fort Slocum. New
York, to San Francisco with recruits.
. Secretary Shaw to-day transmitted to
Congress with his approval a recommen
dation of Director of the Mint Roberts for
additional- machinery and appliances for
the San Francisco Mint at a cost of $30,00).
Changes Made s in the Postal Service
•. . .- and More New Pensions
., , Granted.
WASHINGTON. March 31.— The Postof
flce Department to-day made ,the follow
,ing announcements: Postoffice discontin
ued, April 15 — California — Myrtle, Los An
i fceles County, mail to Little Rock. \ Post
master commissioned— California— Marcus
j J. Isaacs, Etna Mills. . Postmaster ap
! pointed— Oregon— G. C. Culy,' Steamboat,
I Jackson County, vice 'Henrietta Shearer,
I resigned, i The postoffice at Campo Seco,
; CaL, will become a domestic money order
J office April 1. ,
These pensions were granted: Califor
| nia— Original — Jacob Bohn; Veterans'
I Home, Napa, $6; John Yansick, Stockton,
I $6. Increase— Oscar Rapier Cozlan, Fair
i fields 530; William L. Shackelford, Sutter,
i *12; Andrew J. Hunter, . San Francisco,
I $12; -'John, B. Runk, San Diego, $8; John
Jungclaus, . Pasadena, • $24; Edward - K.
Smith. Fresno, $6; Elisha B. Taylor, Oak
| land, $30. Mexican war— John G. Glenroy,
Soldiers' Home, Los Angeles; $12.- War
Spain— Margaret A. Shields,- San
-Francisco, $12. - ..
- .Oregon— increase CMexican , war)—Ed
mortd Stephens, Arlington, $12; Elizabeth
Wiggiiu Medford. SS. - -
; Washington— Increase— Gideon -, .H; S.
.Bailey, Seattle, $10; Lev! D. Burton,
Loomis, $8.*" ' • ¦
OF XNTEKEST, TO,. PEOPLE
i;£££ OF/THE PACIFIC COAST
¦ "The Serenade" began the sixth and
last week of ¦ its phenomenal run at the
Tivoli last night with the. usual large and
very j appreciative audience. , Ferris Hart
,man, apparently, can never give his* hear
ers enough of his inimitable fun-making.
Edward Webb; in hisclever littie charac
ter sketch," is 'also a: great .¦ favorite. -¦ i An
na Lichter, Harold Gordan," Francis-.Gra
harh. Annie. Meyers, 1 Arthur- Cunningham
and William : Schuster are ' all appearing
to jthe Jbest advantage in this production
and lose nqne, of-. their well-deserved pipu
larlty as the season progresses. The Bos
tpnians scored a hit with V T he Serenade,"
but the Tivoli Company, has outdone them
by far, in the way of patronage, at least.
The management at • first made arrange
ments j for only a short run, but week
after week the attendance has been so
great as to demand repeated continuances. :
"The Fortune Teller,", which it is ex
pected-will-be met with a great deal of
popular approval,' will supplant, "The
Serenade" next Monday night. - -
Tivoli. -
~ - : ~ ¦ , j . ™
'oils' furnished much: of the comedy, as
did Kitty Belmbure, who was an excel
lent Maggie Riley. - Georgle Cooper, Ruby
Miguel -and -Ernest- Ho well- completed, a
strong . ; cast. • The production scenically
was evidently an ¦ extra ¦ effort, the first
scene being especially beautiful. The
show Is well worth seeing. "The Land of
the Living" follows. -v
That we sympathize with - the ¦ heroic Boers
j in their struggle to maintain their liberty and
; independence and protest in the name of hu
manity and civilization against the continua
tion of a war whtch outrages' the 'feelings of
I all liberty-loving people, and that the Congress
of the United States, being committed to the
principle of arbitration for the settlement of
international disputes, the President is hereby
respectfully requested to urge upon, the Gov
ernment of Great Britain the wisdom of operat
ing this policy for the purpose of stopping the
awful atrocities now going on In South Africa:
and that the President is hereby directed to
maintain a strict neutrality between the con
tending forces and prevent the shipment of con
traband goods from ports of the United States
to aid the British solilers in South Africa, and
respectfully inform the British Government
that if the war in South Africa is continued
it must Tae conducted In accordance with the
rules of civilized, warfare and the provisions
agreed to and adopted by the Geneva conven
tion and The Hague peace convention.
LONDON, March ZU — The charges
brought by J. G. S. McNeill. Irish Na
tionalist member of the House of 1 Com
mons, that the execujjoa.fciy the British
of Commandant Scheepers atGraaf Reinet,
Cape Colony, on January 18. was attended
by shocking brutality, have" twice before
been made by McNeill.. ; McNeill in the
House of Commons refused to name his
authority for his allegation and Brodrlck.
the Secretary, cf W.ar.olecUned to have the
matter investigated.
Considerable surprise is expressed here
at Schalkburger's delay, in getting, in
touch with Dewet, and it is thought that
something unusual must be behind it.
But even if the Orange Free State and
the Transvaal officials agreed to peace
terms, it would be necessary for both re
publics to call a meeting of the com
manders and submit the proposals to the
burghers before they could be submitted
to Lord Kitchener. In any case uncon
ditional surrender, it, is declared, is out
of the question. .
WASHINGTON, March SI.—Representa
tive Sulzer of New York to-day introduced
in the House the following resolution: -~
necessary to communicate with Steyn and
General Dewet before any I peace propo
sition could be formulated, General
Schalkburger had to apply to Lord
Kitchener for a safe conduct. '
Well informed people here say General
Schalkburger was evidently influenced by
the Teceiot of the' news of the result of
the Dutch note to- Great Britain on the
subject of peace in South Afrioa and other
dispatches sent him from here. It is
known that his communication with
President Steyn and General Dewet
which have heretofore been easily carried
on,, were interrupted- by the recent Brit
ish military movements and as it was
- THE HAGUE, March 31.— Former Presi
dent Kruger, Dr. Leyds and the Boer
i delegates in Europe are expected to hold
! an important meeting at Utrecht, April 2,
to consider the situation in view of act-
Ing President Schalkburger's peace
movement.
The large allowance of business meet
ings is a wise provision for the settlement
of 'the color Question and reorganization,
which promise to precipitate the most
spirited discussion in the history of the
organization. Los Angeles club women
are planning to entertain 5oo0 ; visitors.
Special trains td the convention city are
to be run from every section of the
country. . , - .
The list of speakers for these sessions
includes Mrs. Frederick Nathan, New
York; Cornelia Fairbanks, Washington;
Mrs. Lucinda Lamed, Syracuse, N. Y.;
Mrs. Frederick Scoff, Philadelphia; Mrs.
Sarah H. Platt-Decker, Denver; Miss
Jane Addams,- Miss Julia Lathrop and
Mr?. Herman Hall, Chicago; Nathan Bar
rett, New Rochelle, N. Y.; Mrs. Charles
F. Lummis, Los Angeles; President David
Starr Jordan, Leland Stanford University,
and John Fox Jr. of Kentucky.
,V, WICHITA, Kan.." March 31.— Mrs. Lora
Priddy, chairman of the programme corn:,
mittee of the Federation of Women s
Clubs, announces the subjects and chair
men of sessions of the sixth biennial con
vention at Los Angeles. Cal., May 1 to. 8,
as follows:
:-. Sessions undeslgnated to be presided over by
the president, Mrs. Rebecca B. Lowe ol Al
la Mty 1-Mornlns meeting advisory ™™<~£
and board of directors: afternoon, address df
welcome, president's address; evening, . recep
tion at Women's Club house. . _
Way 2— Morning, report of officers and com
mittees; floral pageant slven by business men.
Afternoon, reports of State presidents and meet
ing State delegations. Evening, address by
George Gunston of New York on "Association
™fiky SS 's— Morning:, education. Miss Ellen
Sabin. , Milwaukee; Industry. Mrs. Florence
Kelly New York; reciprocity, Mrs. Philip
Moore, St. Louis; art. Mrs. A. H. Brockway.
Brooklyn. Afternoon, clubhouses, Mrs. James
Whitmore, Denver; press. Mrs. Eliza Peattle,.
Chicago. Evening, literature, Mrs. May Alden
Ward. Cambridge, Mass.
May 4 — Sunday. Intermission.
May 5—^Morning business. Afternoon, civics,
Mrs Anna West. Somervllle, Mas3. ; forestry.
Mrs. J. -P. Mumford, Philadelphia; traveling
library "and" art galleries, Mrs. Annie Moor".
Mount Pleasant. Texas; Audubon. Mrs. J. T.
Illick, Burlington, Iowa. . Evening, education.
Miss Sabin. . • . - i I,',,
May «— Morning, business. Afternoon.- civil
Bervico reform. Miss Perkins, Concord. Mass. ;
art Mrs' Brockway: value subordinate federa
tion. Miss A. : N. Thompson. Topeka. Kans.
Evening, Illustrated musical lecture, "v> agner
Festival. Bayreuth," Mrs. Charles Rhodes of
California. • '
¦May'" — All day excursion to Long Beach.
Evening, art. Mrs. Brockway.
May S— Election of officers. Afternoon, tn
dv&trlal problems, Mrs. Kelly. Evening, clos
ing exercises. :' 'vtv;
have given her an example of the benefit of
law and good order, -of cleanliness and of the
preservation of the public health and of good
government generally. She has organized her
Government under a constitution, and is now
ready, to. launch forth among the nations of
.the earth in the month of May.
The report adds that ' we are bound to
care for our own people, but after review
ing the American sugar situation says:
It can work no injury to our Industry If we
make this small reduction in Cuhan sugars.
Th<? tnactasent cf this bill will not affect the
1-i'Otection of the sugar producers of the United
Slates. There 'is no reasonable pretense that
the same protection on other Cuban product*
will insure any other American Industry. Cuba,
does net come simply as a mendicant, nor
should ehe be treated as Buch. She offers a
good trade in return. This she is willins to
concede. Under the provisions of the bill we
should be able to double the amount* of cur
export trade with Cuba, which amounts to
S2S.0o0.000 more than that we obtained in the
last fiscal year.
In conclusion the report says:
It is- a happy circumstance that, without any
injury to our own industries, and without the
loss of anything except seven or eight million
dollars of revenue, which we do not need, we
ire s Me to txtend this relief to Cuba and at
the eame time get reciprocal trade relations
with her. Aside from the exceptional case that
Cuba presents, the action of the committee is
in entire' accord with the reciprocity doctrine
or the Republican platform and the declara
tions cf President SIcKinley and President
Roosevelt.' I; Involves no proposed revision of
the tariff or -anything not entirely in harmony
with maintenance of the protective system.
Following the action of the Ways and
Means Committee, the Republican mem
bers who oppose the bill held a conference
in the committee-room of Representative
W. A. Smith of. Michigan. About thirty
members' were present, representing thii
various States interested in beet sugar
production. No formal action -was taken
but the discussion was on the line of con
tmuing the contest on the floor of the
House. It is expected, however, that the
opposition will be from members individ
ually, rather than from a compact • and
organized opposition.
After the meeting it was decided by
those present that about thirty Republi
cans would speak and vote against, the'
bill. The "Ways and Means leaders feel
confident that the bill- will pass, probably
by Republican votes. In any event there
is said to be more than sufficient Demo
cratic support of the bill to offset the Re
publican defection.
cessions to Cuba. Eight Republicans
voted for the bill. Two Republicans—
Tawncy of Minnesota and Metcalf of Cali
fornia—voted against it. Jso amendments
on the reciprocity feature were made, but
by general consent the United States con
tract labor laws were Included with the
naturalization and exclusion laws, as ap
plicable to Cuba. A series of Democratic
amendments for general revision were de
feated on strict party votes.
The tinai vote in detail was: Ayes-
Payne. Dalzell. Grosvenor. Russell, Steele,
McCall lxuig and Babcock, Republicans;
Richardson. Swanson, McClellan, Demo
crats—XI. Xoes— Tawney and Metcalf,
Republicans; Robertson, Xewlands and
Cooper, Democrats— 5. Although the ac
tual vote was 11 to 5, by general consent
Hopkins, who was absent, was recorded
in the affirmative, making the recorded
vote 12 to S.
Grosvcnor's amendment including the
contract labor laws with those of immi
gration, etc., to be adopted by Cuba, was
agreed to without division, and was the
only amendment adopted.
Chairman Payne presented to the House
the report of the Ways and Means Com
mittee. After reciting President Roose
velt's recommendation in behalf of Cuba,
Payne says:
Oar relations to Cuba are peculiar. In our
declaration of war with Spain, and ever since,
wo have solemnly proclaimed to the world that
our object was to give Cuba a stable and in
dependent government. We have labored for
more than three years to accomplish that re
nult and in this endeavor we have spared no
expense. During the years of preparation we
WASHINGTON. March 31.— The Ways
and Means Committee, by a vote of 12
to 5, to-day ordered a favorable report on
the Payne bill for 20 per cent tariff con-
- . •¦ ' .y- t ,\ ¦
Vague < Indications
That the' War -May*
- Soon Be Ended.
Frogramme to Be Follow
at Los Angeles Is An
nounced.
Contest Over the Reciprocity
Affair Is Not Yet
Concluded.
Ways and Means Com
mittee Decides on
Concessions.
Preparations Now Com
plete for Women's;
Clubs' Meeting.
Important Conference of
Boer Delegates to
Be Held.
GRANT FAVOR
TO CUBAN BILL
COLOR QUESTION
LOOMS WARLIKE
"THE EMPRESS THEODORA" THRILLS
LARGE AUDIENCE AT THE GRAND
Melbourne MacDowell and Florence Stone Give Creditable
Performance—Al G; Field's Minstrels; at the California
Are of the Best^-"BfotherJohri" Afekek Hit at Alcazar
KRUGER WILL
TALK OF PEACE
THE SAN FR A j^CISOO^ C ALL ; TUESDAY^ APRIL ly 1902; /
; Piles CurediWithbut the Knife.
¦ ' Itching, Blind, Bleeding : or '. Protruding Pile*
.No cure. No Pay. •../All druggists are authorized
: by ; manufacturers- of.' Pazo Ointment ¦ to refund
money where U falls to cure any ! case, of pile*
no matter of how long standing:. Cures ordinary
cases In six days I'worsti cases .in. fourteen days
One; application give? ease; and rest. Kelievt-s
Itchlnu instantly;. ¦ This is a' new discovery and
Is : the ¦ only, pile ; remedy ¦ sold on . positive. Kuar
antec,"' no cure, I no | pay.; A ¦ free sample will ba
tent by mall w any one sending name 'and ad
dress, .i Price,': M)c: :.. If . your: druggist • don 1 1 keep
It In stock rend 50c In e tamps and we will-for
ward I full ' size I bos >by I mall. H Manufactured by
PARIS* MEDICINE- CO.. St., Louis, Mo., who
also manufacture '.the , celebrated cold curt
Laxative Bromo-Qulnlne Tablets. '•'• -•¦"•• '
THREE THEATRICAL STARS WHO
r ARE APPEARING AT LOCAL
• PLAYHOUSES.- ¦ : i -
2
To Cure a Cold In One Day . ;»
Take ¦ Laxative Bromo-Qulnlne*. Tablets. ' All
druggists refund the money if It falls to cure.
E. \V. Grove's signature is on each b*. 26c. .
inent Is in Session Ottawa
People Hear of a Mar-
\ym Core.
¦¦ - *
¦
It Is a Rescue Prom Suffering and
Death Effected by
PAINE'S
Celery Compound
THE GBEAT SPRING MEDICINE.
MR. ALFRED BROUN,
A Pron-.i: eat and Popu'ar Citizin, Says t
"Af'er the Us: of Paine' $ Celery Compound
I am Now in the Best of Health."
The greatest of modern physicians, Pro-
fessor Edward E. Pbelps, M. D., LI-D.,
after years of long: practice and close
scientific study, gave to suffering- and dis-
eased men and women his marvelous, life-
giving prescription, with the conviction
and positive knowledge that It had pe-
culiar virtues and ample powers to cure,
after the terrible verdict "incurable" was
uttered by the medical practitioner.
Thousands of the strongest testimonials
from the best known and most retlabla
men and women of our country fully sus-
tain the claims made by Dr. Phelps re-
garding his incomparable Paine'a Celery
Compound.
One of the most convincing proofs fur- :
nished comes recently from a gentleman
i widely, known in the capital city of the
: Dominion of Canada. We refer to Mr. Al-
fred Brown, 91 O'Connor street, Ottawa.
Ont. Mr. Brown's letter fully demon-
strates the fact that the greatest sufferer
may cast off his or her burden of disease
and become well, strong and happy. It
proves, too, that the great medicine main-
tains more firmly than ever before its un-
rivaled place in the estimation of people of
wealth and social standing as well as with
the masses. Mr. Brown says:
"I acknowledge with thankfulness and -.
pleasure the fact that I have been cured
of a very painful illness of eight years*
standing by the use of Palne's Celery
Compound. I had, during the years of my
illness, tried almost all the advertised,
medicines without deriving any good re-
sults. I was also treated by several of
the best doctors of this city, hoping 1 to
find that one of them,- at least, would un-
derstand my case. .
"I was getting worse and was told I was
incurable. I was indeed In a critical con-
dition. I could not go from the house alone, j
as I was liable' to sudden collapse. I tried j
hospital treatment, but no relief or good
results came to me. I could not sleep;
anything that I ate increased my agonies;
I was extremely weak, restless, tired and
despondent; was obliged to walk about
with my hands pressed .firmly into my left
side to ease my pains; my feet and hands
were cold continually; had Inclination toi
vomit, had profuse, cold sweats, quick V
breathing and would be racked with pain \
for hours at a tinv*. N
¦ "After the regular use of P^alne'a Cel- j
ery Compound for a time, I am now; In -V,
the'fcest of r hea.Ith, havs g-ood appetite and
can-use any; kind of 1 food. /Thank Go4 .1 \
am ; my oWaelf once .more," all- through the
tae^ijf Paint's Celery "Compound." •' *
RFVVARF of imitations of Diamond Dyes.
ULTinnu Aa j c for, and take only Diamond.
No Time to Lose
You cannot afiord to disregard I
the warnings of a weak and i j
diseased heart and put off tak-
ing the prescription of the
world's greatest authority oh
heart and nervous disorders- —
Maes* Heart Cure.
If your heart palpitates, flutters,
or you are short of breath, have
smothering spells, pain in left i
6ide, shoulder or arm, you have j
heart trouble and are liable to
drop dead any moment.
Major J. W. Woodcock, one of the
best known oil operators in the coun-
try dropped dead from heart disease
recently, at his home in Portland. Ind., |
while mowing his lawn.— The Press. #
Mrs. M. A. Birdsall, Watkins, N. Y^ - ,
whose portrait heads this advertise- j
lacot, says: "I write this through grct- i
itade for benefits I received from Dr.
Miles* Heart Cure. I had palpitation I
of the heart, severe pains under the
left shoulder, and my general health
was miserable. A few bottles cf Dr.
Miles'Heart Cure cured me entirely.
Sold by all Druggists.
Dr. Miles Medical Co., Elkhart, Ind.
J
Free Dentistry for the Poor,
OPEN SUXDATS AND EVENINGS. -
Graduates of Dentistry Only.
WST-GEADUATB DENTAL COLLEGE,
S Tuj-lor «t., cor. Golden Gate ave,
"'¦-¦¦- ' *,..... •
Two pairs for two bits! Need we say more about these -
hose? Well. we;mifcht add that the patterns are very nu-
merous, from the quiet, unostentatious kind up to the most
noisy and "warm", sort. The colors arc fast— they will go
through the laundry without fading. The material is a
good quality cotton. The hose are worth the price. ji
I.. By the way, we have just received some golf shirts at r jj
6oc that are out of the ordinary for pattern, design and absOn ||
lute val'-'-e. |]
Out-of-town orders fillad—vrriie us for tha hose or shirts jj
7718 Market Street, jl
ADVERTISEMENTS.B AKERSFIELD. I March 31.— Matterson Polk.^
an - aged ' negro, was held up at the. point of a
pistol - in his residence . last ] night i by x two . men
and robbed of : $50 in ¦ gold ° and nine uncut dia
monds of considerable value. * Polk . brourht the
¦tones from ; India , many years ' ag/ \ '-S ; '1
• ¦-¦¦ ' ' ¦¦¦ '. i '--. -
SANTA ROSA, March 31.— The prelimin
ary examination of Peter L. Schlotter
bach, charged with having • feloniously
attempted to induce Harry H. Churchill
to give false testimony In the Lowry will
case, , came up In Justice John ; Brown's
court this afternoon. Schlotterbach,* ah
attorney and capitalist of this city, was
Indicted by the late Grand Jury. He had
been an attorney In the Lowry will case,
representing the decedent's husband. Dr.
J. W. Lowry.
The first witness was H. H. Churchill,
who testified that Mrs. Lowry " had em
ployed him. to expert a ;?et of books In
whiclf she was interested and that he had
pertbrmed . a . number of other clerical
tasks for Mrs. Lowry before her death,"
live years ago. In April, 189", ( he had writ
ten a will for her. Hobert Crane and Dr.
R. Press Smith, both now dead, signed
the document as - witnesses in his / pres
ence. He then gave the will into Mrs.
Lowry's keeping.
Deputy County Clerk Fred G.. Nagle
testilied that the will had been filed for.
probate and produced what he said was
a true photograph of the document. .It
was shownto Witness Churchill and. was
declared by him to be a true' likeness.
After vigorous objections by the attor
neys, for Schlotterbach; the : . court ad
mitted the photograph- in evidence. ' '
Churchill was recalled to the. stand and
asked If he had ever had any talk with
the defendant about the will. ;. He said
that Schlotterbach,' who \ was ; his 'em
ployer, had asked him to come to his home
one evening* and that he had gone. Schlot
terbach there told the witness that he had
been accused of writing. the alleged willof
Mrs.', Lowry. •/ Schlotterbach; made 1 two
propositions to . him : " One .-that he > testify
that he had written the will ¦ later., than
the dateit bore, and: that he had '.written
It as a "josh" and never intended;; It to
be filed; the second that he had given the
will to one of the heirs and that that was
all he knew about it. .Schlotterbach, said
the witness, told him that there would be
"a little money in it for both of them" and
mentioned something about $1000.Vi,; i
D.'.."W.'-Cozad testified that he had .been
approached by the defendant, who wanted j
him to Induce Churchill; to testify In the
Lowry case. that the alleged: will was not
genuine. '- Cozad said • that ( he, ; in i company
with Marshal Holmes., had listened at. a
window of Schlotterbach's -', house - - and
overheard '- the ¦ conversation > between , the
defendant and Churchill. ; . His statement
of what : passed '^between 1 : the '-two I men '.in
the house was^ similar, to that of Churchill.
The case .then went over until to-morrow
morning. - . . ., :. .• ¦.-:.-. ¦'..,;¦'.:
, District Attorney. O.O. Webber Is > prose
cuting, and :• Emniet .; Seawell and w. ; F.
Cowan represent; the" accused.:; ;' :
Special Dispatch to The Call.
•>,. The inventors ", of '¦ the : system '; that k wl!l
be ¦ installed ¦: are ' Professor. .-, Dolbear '.of
Tuft's College, Bcston; Professors Poppoff,
Archie Cbllin3 i and : Schoemaker. All ; are :
connected with larger;.Kaatern' colleges.
: General ¦ New said ¦ last i niirht : ; - •. ; -
".- Our : company, has had • stations u working -be
tween .Washington; Baltimore and Philadelphia,"
also between . Colorado Springs and' Denver, and
has ", thorouBhly •. exploited • the }-, commercial s ad
vantages of t the, system. ;.We do not v intend t to
Etop ' at -, the s establishment > of i stations ¦ between
Catalina Island and Los Angeles,, but .will cover
the - entire " Pacific ; Coast. >, It \ costs i at ¦ present
$4 85 to send ; a ' message * from ' Seattle , to : Daw
son: '- r.We ; can % discount -. that '. price > by ; 50 :. per
, cent ' and » make 5 money." "iThis '..winter j the | line
. was •; downs thirty-seven • days : and -no communi
cation i could ; be i had: .^Unforeseen ? atmospherl c
disturbances may occur, but bo far. as , we: have
"experimented '¦•- they have ,j not * affected - our In- •
struments.Ts We ' purpose I establishing a chain J
iofi plants; air ever the 'Pacific; Coast. I
Two immense-induction, colls were first
manufactured, 250 •; miles of V wire , being
used. These were wounds and' insulated
with the' finest silk : thread; . dipped in
paraffin e, put through ; the boiling . process,
then put into a tin cylinder, and:forjthe
third time boiled. These | induction ! coils,
it i Is expected, . will . send perfect messages
for at least: three hundred miles, and pro-;
duce flashes? twenty- four; inches; long.
?Another matter of interest is: that :i the
company intends to ¦ establish : a manufac
turing plant in this city; and take ; up the
work of establishing land* connections all
over the -country. General ? New .j claims
that it is, as to -.telegraph .overland
as < it is . over .' the .- water, j tne '. electric -< dis
turbances of ; the . atmosphere being:- just
as susceptible i over -.the ; curvature : of; the
earth • whether ; land : or water Intervene.', i
'. bmce , the announcement was lirst^ pub
lished in The Call, of the establishment of
two stations, tne leading electricians of
the company, have : been manufacturing
the instruments needed. -- - : . ¦
• Some months ago The Call announced
that^the Pacific ; Wireless Telephone and
Telegraph Company .would; establish a
plant of this character, and that Catalina
Island and I Los ; Angeles - would be the
first two points' to be connected." General
A. WJ Barrett, formerly adjutant general
of .the State, and later. Bank Commis
sioner, became associated with Captain
William Banning, president of the Cata
lina Island Company, and, after careful
consideration of . the situation, decided '.to
establish stations between the two points.
As a "starting point Catalina Island\was
selected, as it would afford easy connec
tion between Los Angeles, Santa Barbara
and San Diego and demonstrate \ the com
mercial • advantages of h the ; ; system.
., General' . Albert L. New, who- was for
merly connected with the j Signal , Service
of the United States army, arrived ' in
the city yesterday and registered at the
Calif ornia Hotel. ., He is g^oing.to Los An
geles on Thursday morning ¦ to ¦ supervise
the . installation of the first wireless tele
graph • plant ; on the Pacific \ Coasts The
visit of c General New to this coast Is of
particular interest at the present time: V- '
Practical Demonstration
of Advantages to Be
Given..
Peter L. Schlotterbach Is
Arraigned in Santa
Rosa.
WIRELESS PLAN
FOR CATALINA
ROUND-TJP OF WILD
HORSES IN ARIZONA
Stockmen Seek to ' Preserve Their
Ranges From Untamed Equine
Droves.
. TUCSON, Ariz., March 31.— A round-up
of wild horses has begun in the Boboqua
varl country, southwest of Tucson, near
the Mexican line. Thesc^iorses have in
creased so rapidly of, late years that cat
. tlenicn have been threatened with Iosse3
through depletion of the ranges. /They
roam, in great bands, trampling : out the
grass,: destroying the ranges and .often
keeping the cattle In the mountains from
drinking at the water, holes.
.The cowboys are now engaged in roping
the stallions and bringing them into cor
rals, to be broken and shipped out of the
county. In this manner -the cattlemen
hope to stop the Increase of this wild
stock, which has proved so disastrous to
their ranges in past years. The bands
¦ of horses have., frequently stampeded,
great bunches of cattle which were being
rounded-up for -shipment. They move in
droves and sweep down from the moun
tains in such great number3 as to frighten
the cattle and threaten the lives- of cow
boys.
-In. some portions of the border country
sheep-raising has been resorted to as a
method of ridding the ranges of this wild
stock, as horses will not stay in the coun
try where sheep" feed.
Some. beautiful; stallions. have been las
soed, and some wild scenes of "broncho
busting", have been witnessed since the
round-up began. ' / ,.
Seizure of Sealskins. •
SEATTLE, : March > 31.— About 150,000
worth of sealskins were seized in this city
yesterday by the ' local United States.cus
toms • officers.' '¦ The capture was made
aboard the i schooner J. B. Ward, which
arrived 'some- days „ ago " fromv Unalaska.
Two hundred and twenty-six skins were
consigned , to -.local: houses.' They . are of
the 1 Bering 'Sea: product; and Deputy Col-.
lector-Mitten believes they were taken by
pelagic . sealers. . - „ • ' ... ;
a law transferring. the accused ex-offi
cials to this*- 'country. ¦•'. \^,:-'' ¦::¦¦ : - j
HAVANA, March: 31.— Estes ~_g; Rath
bone appeared;. b6fqre; the -Supreme Court
; - to-day; under,' aujj^rl.C '"of ?.< habeas --: corpus.
:• Senor^'Lanuzai.f^cpunsel.T-fq^ *:Rathbone,'
:i-leaded' T that*f his feUerit". waV- entitled to
; - l»all: under: the-postal code. !J He i'said. that
the Audiencla-CourVin explanation to the
Supreme .Court' of.' '.its • order : to ".-• arrest
Rathbone, 'said that beside its reasons for
Rathbone's ; arrest ! and the. : denial of bail
m'his case, mentioned in tne 7 order, it had
private information that.Rathbone wished
-.to escape. Senor Lanuza expressed re
gret that the Audiencia Court* was .not
bound to make this r declaration under
oath. , ' -¦ • \ . u' : ¦;
The Fiscal of ; the Supreme Court de
nied that Rathbone had a right to bail,
and he asked the court to fix his bail in
$100,000 if it decided to grant it. The court
will give its decision on this matter to
morrow. 'rv;, 1 ;,^'*
FORMER " POSTAL OFFICIAL.
IN CUBA WHO SEEKS EXEC
UTIVE CLEMENCY. "v
Hires Norwegians.
CHRISTIANIA, Norway, March 3L—
Laborers to the number of 2000 are being
hired here for railroad work in Canada by
Congressman Frank M. Eddy of Min-
The advertisement regarding the ties is real
ly the first actual indication the people of
Dawson :have yet I seen that -,the road will . be
built, . atthough ;.for. come time it • has - been
knpwn for almost a' certainty.' that the work of
construction" on such a road would commenco
in the very near - future. The little notice in
to-day's paper removes any lingering doubt that
may have been entertained .and in only a- .few
months ¦ the . shrill whistle . of the iron . horse
will verberate and reverberate o'er hills • and
dales that, but -a few yrars ago had never
been trod by other than, the wild animals and
red- men of. the forest, j •'.t.'/,'
; , SEATTLE. 'March "81.— The Dawson
City-Klondike Railroad has made a call
for tenders to 'cut and deliver 50,009 hewed
railroad ties, to be laid down on the bank
of the Klondike River between Dawson
and Bonanza Creek. Ten thousand of the
ties are to be delivered at. once. The bids
were to have been in on March 26 and
the . contract doubtless has been let by
this time. This marks the -initial Ftt.p In
the Vonstruction of the electric railroad
system connecting Dawson City with the
creeks. The Dawson News says:
DAWS0N-KL0NDIKE RAILEOAB.
LAWYER'S HONOR
ON THE SCALES
r. Speaking. of the ,, call of -Senator^ Hatina.
on the President and^the'formcr's request;
for_a pardon for Rathbone," the- Post> will
say: "It is.quite likely, of course, that ;
some consideration will be shown Reeves,
who - turned state's evidence, ''and - action
in his case may be expected soon after
General Wood's return to Cuba. The at
titude of the administration to\yard Rath
bone and Neely will, , however, be lirm.
General Wood has the power of pardon,
if he should choose to exercise it, I but
<his is not regarded as probable. It Is
said to be extremely doubtful whether the
President has the right to set aside the
Judgment of the Cuban court, for Cuba'
is a foreign country, although under, the .
nominal protection of the United Stales.
The same reasoning makes it extremely
Improbable that Congress would enact
to stand.
WASHINGTON, March 31.— The Post
to-morrow will say that Senator Hanna
purposes to introduce a bill which will
provide for the trial of Estes G. Rath
\bone, recently convicted : in ' Havana < in
connection with irregularities in the Cu
ban postal service, by an American court
and under American laws. The Senator,
says the Post, will say he believes . In
Rathbone's honesty, notwithstanding , : his
conviction, and declares that under our
laws evidence not admissible under, the
Cuban procedure will aid Rathbone.-
WASHINGTON. March 31.-Ef
forts are being made by the
friends of Estes. G. Rathbone
to secure a pardon for him
from the sentence of the Ha
vana court. Senator Hanna has request
ed the President to issue a pardon for
Rathbone, but this ths latter has declined
to do. The President, however, has prom
ised to send .for the papers : in the ' case
and have them thoroughly reviewed. It
is stated that unless he. finds something
radically wrong he will allow the verdict
okagway .papers contain long accounts
of the. finding of a great copper mine at
Valdes. The deposit Is said to be one of
the most .wonderful ever known. The ore
body, is uncovered for a distance of twelve
miles and is declared to be greater than
that of the Tread well, carrying four times
the gold and silver, values. -
>i. Twenty- five Japanese, who were,practi
cally driven out. of-.Atlin, were brought
down on the Amur. ¦ They were taken
north as workmen, by R. D. Featherston
haugh.who attempted to read the riot act
to the body -of miners who waited upon
him with a polite request that the Japan
ese be withdrawn. The leader of the
deputation laughed at the Briton's action
and the ' next day the Japanese were
shipped' to 'the outside. , :~ -
VANCOUVER, B. C, March 31.— The
steamship City of Seattle, Captain Nichol
son, arrived this evening from Skagway,
having made the record- round trip < be
tween Vancouver and the northern port-
She was .six days and four hours on the
run, that time being twelve hours better
than the best voyage of the Islander, or
Cottage City last year. •
Passengers relate 1 a story to the effect
that several months' ago Richard Fraz
ier, Dominion Government Surveyor, de- j
stroyed a' Russian boundary monument.
.The monument was of stone, resting upon
a stone base, and there was a Russian in
scription on it.. It was eighteen miles be
yond the modus. Vivendi line, on'the Can
adian side. In the presence of two Ainer
•ican miners, Frazier . ordered his men to
destroy the monument. It was torn down,
broken into small pieces and covered with
sand and gravel. »
News was brought of an accident at
Juneau last Friday night on board the
¦. steamship City of Topeka. The vessel
was discharging coal, when her machinery
"caught and the coal bucket was swung
away into the air .over the end of the
yardarm. The wire cable snapped and its
loose 'end whipped down into the hold
with terrific force. One man was fatally
injured and died the same night in the
hospital and a second was seriously hurt
and may not live. Two other men stand
ing near by were injured by pieces of coal..
A slight shock of earthquake was re
corded, at- Skagway. on the 24th, but no
damage, was done. Travel down the river
is very heavy and people are "waiting their
turn at White Horse on the one stage a
day. At Cariboo there was eight feet of
snow on* the 25th; just after General Man
ager'Newall had made a trip by private
car over the line.
Special Dispatch, to 'The Call.
reasonable degree of success at the ports
of the United States, but when the Mon
golians found the route through Brltisn
Columbia and Canada, the entire north
ern lrontier had to be policed with cus
toms officers until along the line in North
ern New York, as well as on the line be
tween Washington and British Columbia,
they are as thick as policemen at a pri^«
light.
¦ilie route by way of Mexico was suc
cessfully followed only while the trans
fer of passengers from one steamer to
another at San Francisco was permitted.
As long as the ruling was that the Mon
golians could come trom the Orient and
be transferred to a coast steamer to be
landed at Ensenada, Guaymas or Mazat
lan, there were Chinese In Mexico to
come across the line. As the number of
officials was limited, there being only
I tnree or four to watch the .entire line
between the Pacific Coast and the Colo
rado River, it was not much of a trick
to get in. However, when the difficulty
was pointed out to the department and the
Chinese were no longer permitted to
transfer from one steamer to another in
San Francisco harbor "en route to Mexi
co" the scheme was effectually broken
up. -' .
Now comes this concession for a
steamer line to China without the neces
sity of a transfer anywhere. If estab
lished, it will mean the landing of hun
dreds of coolies In Mexico to eventually
find their way to this country. It ¦will
also mean that Uncle Sam will have to
supply an army of men to the customs
districts of San Diego and Nogales to
keep them out.
nese exclusion act has worked with a
At present the route through Mexico is
not being successfully worked, because
the one binding link in the route has been
broken at San Francisco. With the steam
ship line established according to the con
cession to Tarpey and Bennett, the route
will be re-established without the con
necting link at San Francisco. The Chi-
nett, two American citizens. According to
Minister Clayton's report to the Depart
ment of State, the concession is double
in that it contains a clause for a steam
ship line or lines on the Pacific Coast
and to the Orient, and also a clause
granting fishing concessions In the Gulf
of California.
movement which seems to be on foot for
the establishment of a Mexican-Chinese
line of steamers under a concession which
was recently granted to Tarpey and Ben-
. Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN DIEGO. March 3L— A. new route for
the Chinese to get into this country is
•what the people of San Diego consider the
Removes Stone Column Show
ing Limits of Russia's For
mer '¦Holding* ¦"
ico Likely to Cross the
Border.
Asiatics Transported to Mex-
Dominion Surveyor De-
J stroys Monument on
Border.
New Line of Steamers
May Bring Coolie
Invasion.
RAZES BOUNDARY
LINE MARKINGS
SHIPS WILL LAND
CHINESE HORDES
FRIENDS OF RATHBONE STRIVE
TO SECURE A PARDON FOR HIM
FIRST DAY'S TOIL
ENDS IN TRAGEDY
While Papers Are on the. Way to Presided
Roosevelt an Effort Is Being Made to
• [ Secure the Prisoner's \ Release on. Bail
Man Who Takes a Sick
Brother's Place Is
* Mangled.
Inexperience Leads to Fatal
Irjury in a Santa Clara
Factory.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA CLARA, March 31.— Peter Jen
sen went to fill the place of his sick
brother at the mills of the Pacific Manu
facturing Company this morning. Before
his first day's work was ended he lay
mangled and bleeding beneath a pile of
heavy timbers, his skull crushed and life
almost extinct.
Jensen is a Dane, 32 years of age, and
a man of great strength. Being inex
perienced he overloaded a car with lum
ber and In entering the mills it was over
turned. Jensen was on the right side, he
and his fellow workman forcing the car
along by placing their shoulders against
the load. The track slightly curves at the
doorway. Here it was tiiat the accident
occurred. "
It was just before 5 o'clock and in a
few minutes nearly all of the 200 em?
ployes of the big establishment were on
the scene. They lifted tne big timbers
from the prostrate man and carried him
into one of the shipping rooms. There the
injured man lies to-night, surrounded by
a dozen of his fellows, only his -superb
strength and wonderful vitality keeping
him alive. The physicians . declared he
could not live fifteen minutes. The skull
is fractured in two places, one of the ar
teries on the left side of the neck is sev
ered and cerebral hemorrhage is certain.
The physicians now say he may live till
morning.
Jensen is an Odd Fellow and a commit
tee from local lodges will have him- re
moved to a sanitarium in San Jose. He
Is unmarried.
MINERS ENCORE SONGS
RENDERED BY NEVADA
Little Diva a Remarkable
Reception.
Audience of Mountaineers Gives the
NEVADA, March 31.— Emma Nevada
was greeted by the largest audience in
the history of this city at the theater to
night, all classes of people coming from
sixty miles around. The little diva was
given a reception such as is seldom wit
nessed, even in hospitable mining com
munities. The theater rang with pro
longed cheers, the singer being forced to
respond to many encores. Old miners who
knew her when she was a child demanded
the old favorite songs, which the charm-
Ing Nevada willingly rendered. After the
concert a great public reception was ten
dered the prima donna, and she remarked
that it was the greatest demonstration
she had ever witnessed.
Aged Woman Takes Poison.
REDDING, March 3L— A feeble, gray
haired woman took morphine with sui
cidal intent here to-day because, she says,
her husband. Franklin "Walker, a palmist,
who recently located here, spent all her
money and then drove her from him. She
may not recover. The husband says she
Is demented.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 1, 1902.
3
ADVEETISEMENTS.
§DR. iVIEYERS^Cp-
SPECIALISTS FOR MEN.
. , Established , 1S81. Con-
„ suitation and private book.
•!• free; at i office i or' by , mail.'
/•'Cures guaranteed.
' |vT3l I Market St; ¦ ¦%
SAN^FRANCISCO. CAll
ADVERTISEMENTS.
One Verjf Gammon Ganso, Beneraliy Over-
Looked.
Kssdecha Is a Common and Distressing Affliction and Hay Bo Out to
a Kumber of Causes.— The Principal Causa oS Frontal
Headache Is Hers Pointed Out.
Headache Is a eymptom, an indication of de- rhal poison from the system through the* nat-
rangement or disease in some organ, and the ural channels. •;
cause of the headache is difficult to locate be- Miss Cora Ainsley, a prominent school teach-.
. «_"."«_• er in one of our normal schools, speaks of her
cause « many diseases have headache as a experJence wlth headaches and eulc-
promlncnt symptom; derangement of the etom- gizes Stuart's Catarrh Tablets as a cure for
«ch and liver, heart trouble, kidney disease, them. She says: - "I suffered daily from severe
lung trouble, eye strain or ill-fitting glasses, all frontal headache and pain in and back of -the
produce headaphes. and If we could always lo- eyes, at times eo Intensely as to Incapacitate
cate the or^which is at fault the cure of
obstinate headache* would be a much simpler thought it was the cause of my headaches,
matter. _ but . finally became , convinced that wch was
However, for that form of headache called the case because the, headaches were, always
frontal headache, pain back of the eyes and In worse whenever I had a cold or fresh attack of
the forehead, the cause is now known to be c »tarrh. ;'¦ r
catarrh of the head and throat; when the head- "Stuart's Catarrh Tablets were highly, recom-
ache is located in back of head and neck It is mende<1 to me as a **** a " d Pleasant * catarrh
often caused from catarrh of the stomach cr cure. - and, after using a few 50-cent boxes
llver which I procured from my druggist I was mir-
I At* any rate catarrh is the most common Pri««i and delighted to find that both; the; ca- i
cause of such heada«hes and the cure of th* ta " h t?£ /^* u "n- t^ S ° ne for &°<>d-" /, '
catarrh cause* a prompt disappearance of the v,^ Uart^; Catarrh Tablets are sold . by drue-
headache«. gists at 50 cents per package, under, the. suar-
There li at present no treatment for an , t^ e , of the proprietors that they conUin ab-
catarrh no convenient and effective as Stuart's Bolu f ely n ° coca'ae (found In so many ca-
Catarrh Tab3et». a new internal remedy in tab- taxtb r cures), no opium (so common in cheap
let form.' composed of antiseptics like eucalyp- C0 . USh . CUr f )f "". drug.:. They cqp.
tot," Bualacol and blood root, which act upon the tWei'troy^rld^driv 3^;^^" 08 " nece8 "
»W"«4«« tte eumination of the^aUr- of caUrrhardUeLe ° m the Bystem the
Bart/ett Springs!
f> ARTLETT WATER WILL HELP YOU
O to health and make your vacation use-_ .
ful as well as pleasant. After a short or
lone stay at the popular Springs you ! will
wonder how It .was possible to feel so well,,
strong and vigorous.
Ride, drive, hunt, fish, bowl, dance, *
swim, bathe, walk over mountain paths,
amuse yourselves in hundreds , of happy
ways. Time never drags at Bartlett Springs.
Send for booklet.
Call or Address .' .
BARTLETT SPRINGS CO,.
General Office^ Bartlett Springs,
2 Sutter st.,.S. F. Lake Co., Cal.
o ~~°
Af/il/l/tA HOT. SPRINGS, SONOMA
VAf/I/».VA COUNTY; only 4% hours
Ul\/il/(/W from San Francisco an<l
" but 9 , miles' - staging;
waters noted for medicinal virtues; best nat-
ural hot' mineral water bath In State; boating
and swimming In Warm ¦ Springs Creek; good
trout streams; telephone, telegraph, daily mail,
express and San Francisco morning and even-
Ing papers; FIRST-CLASS HOTEL AND
i STAGE SERVICE; both morning and afternoon
stages; round trip, from San Francisco only
! $5 50. Take ' Tiburon ' feny ¦ at .7:30 a. m. or
'. 3:30 p". m. Sundays S a. .m.' only. Rates $2
i a'day or. $12 a week. References, any guest'
of ¦ the past seven .. years. Patronage of . 1001
unprecedented. Information at San Francisco
¦ office,' -121 Phelan .bldg. Also at Traveler of-
fice; < 20" Montgomery St., or of J. F. - MUL-
GREW. Skaggg, Cal. • '
LYTTOSSI SPRINGS.
Health resort; Sonoma County; open .year
round; Tiburon ferry, 7:30 a. -m., 3:30 p.'m.
Fare, ?2 40. • 807 Sutter *st. Telephone Sutter
2371. A. V. MORSE, Manager City Office.
EL BpNlf O HOTEL.
The largest and brst appointed hotel in Rus-
sian Rlver\ Valley/ Excellent " hunting, fishing
and boating; ' fine scenery: pure ¦ spring ' water;
newly renovated: new furniture. - R. C. CAL-
HOUN. ProDrletor, Dvncans Mills. Cal.
CON CRESS SPRINGS.
A charming ' resort In the' Santa Cruz Mts.:
2 hours from ' San "¦ Francisco: " dellrhtful cli-
mate;* swimming and ;all sports;* table unsur-
passed: best mineral water on the. coast; open
all the year. -A.' S.OLNEY,: Manager.
HOTE L EL MONTE,
XOS GATOS.
-.Under new -management. Now open 'for
business."^: Rates,, $8 to $15 per week. , .
V FOREST HOTELS
'¦ , AT/IVTA. . "
Santa Cruz Mountains. - Good ¦• trout fishing.'
Rebuilt, and reopened. B. BOHME," Prop.
ill u llJj nil JJ u I lilli Uu
.¦ ALWAYS;OPEN.
The famous health and pleasure resort of
Lake County. ."¦ Finest '. waters " for the. ; cure • of
LIVER, KIDNEY. MALARIA. RHEUMATISM;^
and STOMACH TROUBLES. Every -comfort
and amusement. FREE . SWIMMING . TANK.
CROQUET. TEXNIS. Regulation Bowling Al-
ley, Riding and Driving Horses. Splendid Trips
In Mountains or Valley.
\ MOTE SPECIAL RATES.^
One person in room, "small hotel". $10 per week
Two persons tn room, "small hotel". $18 per week
One person In room, "cottages"... $11 per week
Two persons In room, "cottages". .$20 per week
One person in room, "MAIN HOTEL"
$12 and $14 per week
Two persons in room,' "MAIN HOTEL" .
, ..$20 and $22 per week
Special Inducements for School Teachers or
Families desiring to remain by the month.
. Call on Hotel " Gazette Office,- 26 Montgomery
st. ; call on The Traveler Office, 20 Montgomery
st., or The Bulletin Bureau. 10 Montgomery st..
San Francisco, Cal., or write direct to CRAIfit
& WARNER, Mgra.. Highland Springs. Cat
CAMP CURRY!
2»0 guest3 In..' /i\... ..183ft,
410 guests In T ......1900
715 guests in '. ........1901
1CC0 estimated for 1903
Opens about May 1st. \
Office at 10 Montgomery st., with Peck's
Free Intormation Bureau. .
YOSEMITE.
RUSSIAN RIVER HOTEL.
One mile . from famous "Bohemian Grove";
new, management: all refitted. Quietude, com-
fort, pleasure; hunting, fishing.' boating; fresh
milk, cream and 'best of everything. Address
C. F. : CARR, Manager,- Russian River station,
via Duncans Mills. Cal.
VICHY SPRINGS— 3 miles from Uklah.
t Mendoclno ; Co. Natural electric waters,
champagne baths. Only place tn the world of
this class of waters having continuous flow of
natural - warm, water direct from springs to
tubs. • Lovely grounds. f.3hinsr. hunting, .Crys-
tal Springs.. Accommodations; table first class.
J. A. • REDEMEYER & CO.. Props.
KING'S RANCH— Six mllea from Cazadero.
Elevation 1200 feet; among, the redwoods.
Hunting.- flshlrt*. Term*,-- $10 a week; family
rates. I Address r WM.' KING, ¦ Cazadero. ¦ -. • /
GRAND" CENTRAL HOTEL. GuernevUle. '
Cal. — New . . manaeemect: :.' thoroughly > : re- J
fitted and ' improved. • Headquarters for hunters
and fishers. Add. F. PLATH. Guerneville. Cal.
LOS GATOS— Lyndon Stables, opposite depot.
First-class rlcs. . Reasonable. prices.
SANTA CRUZ-^San Lorenzo Stables. Styl-
ish rljs. Reasonable prices.
® . 1 oiaae to order 1^%^
B I suits are much I W
j better than I m^
Kl Most every customer un- ||
H derestimates the value of our M
3 wear the suit gives. But it is y
1 somewhat natural that he y
\ III i wool, absolutely fast in color y J M
¦ I B and exceedingly well made, y \
.'f > _ H We guarantee the suits — not 9
» that they need a guarantee — S
fH back to any customer dis- w "*|^;^p
, ¦ pleased in the least degree, il 03Bf
g can argue against a guarantee | 0
ggj&fclGL m Samples free to any person if
B Out-of-'ovtn orders for made-io-order S i^^^fe^
Wv&?msi fia^olhing filled— satisfactory fit assured ffl M&js&zm.
1 '^^^s m trough our self-measuring system — g i^^^^W
:l 718 Market Street and i Jf.H
1 Cor. Powell and Eddy Streets, fi Jf 1
- Brewed in a plant as clean |
as ;the cleanest home} kitchen I
-— always open to your inspec-" 1
i -tioh-. -58 ,97 1. visitors last year. I
P^eekly Gall, $1.00 per YearCards have been received here from Mr
and Mrs. William E. Sailings of New York
announcing the marriage of their niece
Azalene Earl, to William HaTleck Deming
on Wednesday, February 26 last, 'at Triii
ity Episcopal Church. A reception - fol
lowed at the residence ¦ of Mr. ; Stillinea
The young couple 'anticipate a trip to
Florida and Europe before returning here
where they will reside permanently.'
Mrs. W^i^ld# Reid
X.. by Mrs; Timothys
fornia Hotel. Sunday; "April 6. : . ' : '-.
¦ f <: .*« .7 ••":•:.-?.• • " '¦ •'¦ ¦' '.
J. W i '.Hamilton?wlll 'unite- this eveningTn
?urn frn'Sf 1 th e irV«2
T^n« m h*& ro *t d; ln Grac « • Methodist
Episcopal Church.', corner ot Capp
Twenty-first str^&ts. .'- All '. friends are in-
The Bishop will give an account of his
onTh^nTnlnV 0 the Eritlsh M «
thirty guests were seated at a large round
table, beautifully decorated with spring
blossoms, arranged in excellent, taste. The
walls of t ; .--. room were'iavishly hung- with
great clu&..rs of blossorns and a Wealth of
foliage. "The« string 'orchestra.'. was ' com
pletely - hidden behind • a large group of
palms. Everything was perfectly appoint
ed. ' No pains ' were, spared to ' make the',
luncheon. a success in every, particular,
and. the. .guests, certainly enjoyed / Mrs. ,
Hopkins' charming. hospitality. The aft
ernoon was. most. pleasantly spent. - •»
¦ .' • ¦ "'.¦.?,'.•"¦•<.'¦•¦¦••"¦-¦¦''¦'¦
Mr. and Mrs. Jerome Hart entertained
at dinner last evening, complimentary to
Miss' Rutherford,, who has recently re
turned 'from the East. The affair was
given in , the handsomest room of ., the
Bohemian Club. The decorations were
beautiful and artistic. Covers were laid
for twenty guests. - The: guests were all
from the younger set. \ r .
Miss Eugenie Hawes- was hostess at an
lnformaltea ye$terday : afternoon at- the
Pleasanton. ( The guests were: delightfully
entertained.'- The decorations were in exr
cellenf taste - and dainty, viands .iWere
served during -the: afternoon. .'¦ r\-'
¦¦'¦¦ -. ¦ ¦ '..' '• ¦ .- *-—.: •«••••, ::'-¦¦¦¦ :¦:;-¦-
" Miss >Ethel'Keeney left yesterday , for
New, York, where she • will visit Mr. and
Mrs. Tomlinson, thejparents of.her fiance,
at Yonkers. '¦', - ' ' . . ? ,'. . •
:¦ -;.- ¦¦ ¦ ¦?''•"'"?.'.
The wedding of Miss Gertie ¦ Lapidaire
to Louis M. Getz takes place at the Call-
The Misses' O'Connor gave a tea in
honor of Miss Qeorgina Jones yesterday
afternoon at the Richelieu.* The drawing
rooms were prettily decorated for the oc
casion,, and refreshments and music added
to 'the; pleasure of. the. goodly number of
guests received. ., ; . ;
¦¦'¦¦- .' ' /, . ..*.,..*¦¦ • . .'! ¦¦ . .-
SCENE AT THE BRKAKFAST G1VEN,-^T. THE^PALACE'iNHONOR .OF, THE RETIRING PRESIDENT OF THE
%¦ ' CALIFORNIA v CLUB, THE TOASTMISTRESS AND GUEST OF HONOR, AND THE LADY WHO WAS EN
TERTAINED BY MRS. TIMOTHY' HOPKINB AT LUNCHEON. ," ; . \..ii v 'l*-
'_'Pins and Needles," Mrs. E. R."Br*yaiit. ! -i "^"'
s 'Clever remark "were 'also 'made by Mrs.,
E. . P. Schfill, \Mp£ Lpuis J Herfz, ' Mi$&
•Te«*a Serhple 'arid : Miss. Emily-: CaejC IVIiaa,
Stella. Schwabacher* an4 M^^s. Elsie Arden
cont"ritouted iJ voc'ii-'seleotiona,>accpmpariie<i:
by Miss Grace Marshall.' . . : ;,;>•••
' Mrs. James Crawford- and- Dr. Dorothea'
Moore were unabte to attend; 'Mrs: Craw
ford's toast' was to have 'been "The Joy
of Being Truly Miserable," while -'-Dr.'
Moore 'wa^' to haVe spoken: upon ''Vivi
section a Feminine Art." ;l- ,* ". ... ',
The ifuests.TK'e're: ....•' ..--.¦. : ' '.'\. •
Mrs. J. R. "Hanify, Mrs.' S. W.^TTuesdale,'
Mrs. L. D: Radgesky, Mrs. D. JV Murphy, ; Mrs.
McMann, Mrs. B. S. Lee, Mrs. A. Stringer,'
Mrs.-H. Kuntze,' Mrs. C- R. Hovey, ' Mrs.
Thomas Morfew, Mrs. C. P. 'Fonda, Mrs. H. H.
Fassett, Mrs.- J. G. -McCrossen.'Mrs. H >Van
Winkle. Mre; N.-O'Cailahan;- Miss Tessa Sem
ple, Mrar C. J. Rauer, Mrs.' D. H. Blbb.-Mrs.
G. E. BlUines, Mrs.' G.' D. Gear, "Mrs. Elder,'
Mrs.-M.-B. MoortB, Mrs.' 'W.' Marlon, Mrs.'Mc-
Hasse'u;'MIs3 Susan Patch",' Mrs. H. T. Bickei;
Mr3." 'Belle "Glaser/ Mrs. -E. r R. '-Bryant, ¦ Mi&i
Eleanor 'Croudace, Mrs; A. ' R. Cotton, Mrs'
Thomas Mage"<* Sr., Mrs. G.L.'! Smith,' Mrs! AV
G. Cpleman, Mrs. S. L. Strikland, Mrs. J. Shea '•'
Mrs. N.S. Farr&r, Mrs. E. P. Sdhell,' Mrs: W.
A. f Cachot; Mi's. Robert' Whffe. Mrs. H. P"
Trleou," Mrs. C. ¦ C. . Burr, Mrs. A. P.' Black;
Mrs.l Walter Dyer.'Mrs. G. Caswpll, -'Mrs "Louis'
Hertz, Mrs. H. S." Lally, Mrs, J, W/Hoyt/ Mrs '
C. A. Warden. Mrs.' M. B.-Cur.tls, Mrs. J D*
Center. Mrs. W:- S:* Leake, iMrs. A. E. Krebs r
Mrs. J. Si Spear Jr.'," Mrs. J. •* L. Martel, Mrs,
William Willis, Mra. ( George A. Knight? Mrs.
Joseph C: Campbell, ; Mrs; R, E. Mulcahy Mrs
W. If. Snedaker. Mrs. Charles D. Pierce, Mrs.
William P. Coleman, - Mrs. J. S. P6rteous, Mrs.
¦ J. H. Boalt, Mrs. Robert Sherwood, Mrs. The
resa Johnson, Miss Sharon, Mrs. A. Haslehurst,
Mrs. Mariner-Campbell, -Mrs. W. F. Bucking
ham, Mrs. Lovell White, Mrs. A. D. Sharon,
Mrs. Hadwen Swain, Mrs. John Russ, Mrs. P.
A. Boone. ........
• ' " •'"¦'• "'-
Mrs.'Whltelaw Held was chief guest at
a delightful luncheon given by Mrs. Tim
othy Hopkins in the conservatory • of the*
Palace < Hotel a yesterday 'afternoon. The
Breakfast ; to Mrs. Lo vel l^White xjt
BROMPTL.T with Easter Monday so
' ciety. resumed its > festivitie&i-and.
, yesterday • ~ was"- } crowded \ .'»wtU\ ._.
. ,riierr^-mak^tig. "T/heV brea!ifEis£ v
..... j- tendered* Mrs.-, Ix>yeU, White, refrr r ;'
ing president of the* California Club.bya
gpodfy^ number <?f . her / riends was a. br' II- '
liantone. "Although- most of . the gues/s
were members of -that';;' organization, it
was "not strictly a club :aff air. Covers'
were, laid for eighty iril the Maple Room ,
of thev Palace Hotel. 'The*, decorations
were* pink' and consisted' chiefly of' peach'
blossoms, arranged" with pink 'tulle. Can
delabra with pink shades .also graced the
tables. The menus /were decorated with
a "pretty design _ in; water- colors." ; The
ladies -wore' their most artistic and- effecc
ive costumesi Mrs.* A.- -D.- 1 Sharon*: had:
most;bf the "arrangements^ in ? charge' \a'r/d
presided as toastmistress,;filling the posi
tion with ; her usual tact and grace. Many."
of the speeches were especially clever and
vrere enthusiastically received by the;ap
preciativ.e hearers. , The toasts were as
•follows: ' ¦••"¦¦'• '¦ ¦¦'¦'¦- ' ¦ : ¦'. . -v- -
' - "Greeting;'* Mrs.i Thomas' Magee Sr. : '•'Does
the Feminine Anatomy Possess a Backbone?"'
Mrs. J. D.»Ccnter; "The Qualities Most Feared."
.in an Enemy.',' Mrs.? John' .Rufs;-' 'Old Clothes,"!
Hrs." Edward "F. ; GIaser;t."The rMsadvkntases'
of- Thinking You 'Kjnpw Anything,'.' -Miss!
"Eleandr Croudace; "The Forgetful Man," Mrs.,
Bertha- Stringer Lee;- "Truth as a Movable
Commodity," Mrs. George Law Smith; "The
Measure of -Culture.." Miss Susanne R. Patch;
"The Bee and the Honeysuckle'," Ilrti." Philip"
R. Boone; "To Be or. Xot to Be?". Mrs. Lovell
White; "Forestry. From- a Business Woman's.
Standpoint," Mrs. Henry Krebbs; "The -Law
and the Lady," Mrs. A. "Secrets,"'
Mrs. William P. -Cbjeman; "Sinews of War,"
Mrs. Had wen Swain;* "Should We Admit to
Our Circles My; Lady Nicotine?" Mrs. D. J. :'
Murphy; "Friendship." Mrs. N.' S. Farrar:
"The Art of Listening;" Mrs. W. S. Leake;
"Au Revoir," M«r Janet Porteous; "The Ham
mer and the Anvil,". Mrs. Theresa Johnson;'
KNIGHT TO LEAD
GAGE'S FORCES
At a special meeting of the Board of
Education, held yesterday afternoon, the
lease of the school property on the north
side of Post street, between Grant avenue
and Stockton street, of which Max Popper
is the present lessee, was awarded. to Ed
ward F". Burns on a. twenty-year lease at
a monthly rental of $838.
Peter Sinclair secured a lease of a
school lot, 100x200 feet, between York "and
Hampshire streets, south of Fifteenth, at
a monthly rental of $36, with permission
to remove the structures at present on the
lot. The present tenant pays $8 per
month. Sinclair's lease runs for nve
years.
On motion of Director Roncovieri, the
following census marshals were ap
pointed:
William Mlnfiham, 74G Howard street; J. E.
O'Neill. 512% Second street; P. Hlries, 309
Fifth street; Hyman Levy, 34S Clementina
street; Louis Claveloux, 240 Harriet street; C.
Sproule, 444 Brannan street; Paul Hellman,
care J. Madden, 330 Market, street; A. G.
Duff, 400 Pennsylvania avenue; James Mullaly,
4074 Twenty-third street; I*. F. Cull. 2750
Twenty-fourth street; A. Berre. 0 Sycamore
avenue; \V. G. Irwin, 3S84 Mission street; H.
Nathan". 353« Army street; James Dewey. IOCS
Oak street; E. T. Kir.ucan, 1 Moss place; W.
J Foster, 2721 Butter street; John Sullivan.
1U9 Morris avenue; George W. Lewis, 100 Olive
avenue; P.. M. Copchevitch, 1318 Larkin street;
I. Wehle, 1317 OFarrell street; Melville Her
mann, 412 Taylor street; George Malqney. 4
Glow street; Daniel Sullivan, 10% Scctt place;
E. \V. Furbush. 813 Lombard street; Frank
McFarland. 738 Francisco street ; Joseph Ghi
eelll 1108 Montgomery street; James Hudson.
591 O # Farrell street; Kherley Herts. 427 Paciflo
street; Samuel Brunswick, 1CS6 Post street;
August Schwatka, *>14 Montgomery »<treet;. M.
O'Brien, 30 Oak Grove avenue; F. J; Carney,
«44J 2 Howard street: Charles McCarthy; Eu
gene McFadden. 1007 Turk- street; Edward
O'Donnell, 237 Third avenue: Ellas Cook. 933 A
Jackson street; William White; 502 Powell
street; G. M. Bettmsn. 1355 Post treet; W.
A. I S haw, 2723 Jackson street ; Herbert Anu
stronjr. southeast corner Pine and Bansome
streets. • ' • ¦ « •'--'•
Inside office — John Hallovan. southwest cor
ner Powell and Clay streets; Daniel A. Barry,
437 Minna street; A. M. Currie, 415 Devisadero
ctreet. '¦ . - ....
At large — John Damozonlo, southwest corner
of Stockton and Greenwich streets; George Jew.
ett. 1402 Powell street; M. Bloom. 640 Grove
street; J. Gans, 1435 O'Farrell street.
ALL THE KBUTTSCHNITT < ¦¦¦'_
JEWELS ABE SECOVERED
Four Young Men and Young Woman
' Arrested "Will Be Charged
With Burglary.
Detectives Ryan and O'Dea succeeded
yesterday in recovering the remainder of
the jewels stolen from the rooms of Mrs.
Julius Kruttschnitt, wife of the general,
manager of the Southern Pacific Com
pany at the Hotel Richelieu, Van Ness
avenue, on the night of March 13. ' Mrs.
Kruttschnitt called at police headquar
ters yesterday afternoon and identified
the jewelry. ¦ .
Four young men, Charles Vandevere,
alias Brown, alias Liealand; Albert West,
alias Tree; Fred Reed and Ray Clark and
the ycuna; woman, Alice Wilson, alias
Stevens, alias Stoltz, will be booked on
charges cf burglary.
The young woman : declared yesterday
that she and Vandevere, with whom she
fled to Los Angeles, are innocent of- any
participation in the burglary and said that
as soon as they were released 'they were'
to Ket married. ¦ - -
PROMPTLY WITH ADVENT OF EASTER MONDAY
THE SOCIAL WORLD RESUMES ITS FESTIVITIES
MAYOR SENDS
VETO MESSAGE
SaysMcConib's Appoint
ment Would Be In- v
judicious.
Park Commission Blames Rail
• roadfor Discontinu
. ~ ing Music. -
Mayor Schmitz sent to the Board cf
Supervisors yesterday his veto of tha
resolution confirming the appointment ot
George 8. McComb to be Justices' clerk.
After the veto was read at the board's
session Braunhart moved its reference to
the Judiciary Committee to determine it
the Mayor has the right to v^to such a
resolution, and the motion prevailed. The
'veto message, which contains the reasons
for the Mayor's disapproval, follows:
Executive Department, Mayor's Office,
SAN FRANCISCO. March 31. 1903. _ ,
The Board of Supervisors^ — Gentlemen: I
return herewith, without my approval, resolu
tion No. 2476. appointing George S. McComO
Justices' clerk of the city and county of Saa
Francisco for the following reasons: •
The appointment is Injudicious and illogical.
"When ' I suspended Mr. Williams, the former
clerk, for neglect of duty and absence from
his Office, there were suspended with him, at
the same time, his deputies, among whom
was George McComb. Mr. McComb, while
denying continuous attendance at the race
track, openly and frankly admits absence front
the of Hce. I cannot, by my approval, con
firm-the selection of a delinquent deputy to
succeed a delinquent principal. If there ia
to be a restoration of former conditions, it
will not be through any act of mine.
Moreover, the confirmation ot Mr. McComb
would be but a -warrant of appreciation of the.
none too commendable conduct of the Justices
of the Peace, who, in their allegiance to their
political "organization" have steadfastly de
clined to consider any perron as a possible ap
pointee unless by long service and association
he has proven himself a seasoned member of
the "machine."
As to the right of the Board of Supervisors*
to appoint a Justices' clerk at all, in. the race
of the express provisions of the charter, tbia
is a question of law now being adjudicated by
the courts, and I do not, therefore, consider
it proper to base any objections on the legal
propositions involved. Respectfully submitted,
E. E. SCHMITZ, •
Mayor of the City and County of San Francisco.
The Park Commission sent a communi
cation in answer to a resolution regard
ing the discontinuance of music in Golden '
Gate Park. The commission states that
the fault lies with the street car compa
nies, which enjoy valuable franchises for",
the transport of people to the park, for
which they pay the city nothing. Tha
communication continues: . •„
In view of the fact that the Park Commis
sioners have expended large sums of the peo
ple's meney to make the park attractive and
that no one receives any money for it- except
the railroads, and also that a music stand has
been given by a public-spirited citizen to af
ford greater facilities for the- presentation ot
music, we think that they should at least pay
for the. entertainment of those who patronize
their roads to and from the park. It seems
to us that a more liberal policy- will be pur
sued by the new corporation actually in con
trol of nearly all the street car lines/ and that
it will furnish the entire sum required for the
music. To bring about this hoped for result
our chairman. has been appointed by this board
to act with his Honor tho Mayor on the
matter.. /;<,-•';; i->'^.^ .. ¦.,..-.,:.»
McCOSCB CITES FREDRICK
TO APPEAR HT COTJBT
Mayor's Appointee must Sho-w Causo
Why He Should Not Be Ousted
From Office.
George S. McComb is making a deter
mined effort to secure the position of Jus
tice's • Clerk, to which position he was
appointed -.by the Justices of the Peace
on the 24 th of last month. So far .his
battle has' availed him naught, butf Iat3
yesterday afternoon he" commenced an ac-,.
tlon -by .1 which ."he hopes - to - oust Poweli
Fredrick- from . the much-coveted • ¦ ofiicc.
He filed a petition for an order directing
Fredrick to appear before the Superior
Court and show cause why he should not
give up the position of Justice's Clerk/
which he has held ever since the Mayor'
ordered the dismissal of E. "W. Williams.
The order petitioned ' for was issued by
Judge Cook, who directed Fredrick to ap
pear before Judge Sloss on April 3 and
show cause why he' still continues in the
office of Justice's Clerk, despite the ap
pointment of McComb to the place.
This Is a special action and is taken by
McComb because Judge Sloss yesterday
refused him an injunction restraining tho
Mayor from taking any action on his
case. The action fs brought under the
provision of section 1015 of -the- Political
Code, which provides that "to- the event
of a dispute between* an incumbent in- an
office and his predecessor, the former can
appeal to the courts for an order which
will bring .the dispute before a court for
final determination. „ : '*'¦'.¦ -p* -•; ¦ -- -. , ..,; .%,#¦
McComb claims that heist the incumbent
by. right: of the appointment. made by .the
Justices* of .-the. Peace last : month, •¦ not
withstandlngr'that the /Mayor has refused
to ' approve bfs ,bofld. «>• ¦": <¦ ••;-.-¦ . ' ' ' ¦¦: . ¦> .« •. . .
'The -section 'under which the action IS
brought provides that the Superior Court
has the power. to take summary action,
which means that the court can direct the
Sheriff to seize and hold the books an<l
effects of the office until such time as tha
rightful and legal Incumbency is deter
mined. The code also provides for the '
prosecution on a charge of misdemeanor
of the party, who willfully holds tho
office.
McComb opened an office for the trans
action of business yesterday at the City
Hall. The room formerly used by Judge
Sloss as a jury-room > was set apart for
his use. ' '>
SCHOOL BOARD
LEASES LANDS
Edward P. Burns -Gets
Control of Post-Street
Property.:: - ' n
His Bid Isj. Several Hundred
Dollars Higher
Tnatof Others."
4
¦ . ¦ __- 1 — ; ¦:. : - y .'¦ \ ,_ ¦ .¦. ..>¦..¦.¦ I-
I James Louis" Joel, i-aj clerk, . 24 years , of
age; 1 and"* a ¦ brother-in-law of Joel • Gold
steini of .the " firm ; of. Goldstein , Brothers,
committed 'suicide yesterday.' af ternooh" by
shooting the" top 'pt his head off'; at the
Goldstein residence;'., 1214, Eddy. ; J ,street.
Young Joel 'was just preparing to 'make'
a -trip to the. country" for the benefit of
his health. .' .He had procured a sh'otjjun
to take on the Journey. It was with this
gun': that he'" took' -hW v life: V; Just' what
caused' the. suicide is a mystery that will
be thoroughly investigated by the Morgue
omcials.i ' Joel's.,, nea^tTelatives ¦ told . the
'deputies!"' tha^vifwakvill health,, but they
are very reluctant to discuss the case/
.; About three, months ago Joel resigned
his pbsiiibn ¦ \ with , the i firm of ' Goldstein
.'Brothers/dealers in fancy goods and nov
elties at" i2 Slitter street, j He has resided
with; the Goldsteins! since and had a room
1 in-^the' upper, ystory j of Ithe building. :: His
health 1 * was ¦ poor. : and some of his 'friends,
recently-proposed* a trip to „ the - country.
Jeter agreed to. go and made preparations
to , start j immediately. '. He secured ; the
shotgun and took it upstairs to ; clean it.
'A short' time later, a servant, Miss Carrie
¦Nelson, heard a loud report inside Joel's
room;i • i' v '^ ¦-'¦'¦..-¦:¦.. . ¦¦¦¦¦'- ¦¦:¦•¦¦¦•¦::;-:;¦..:¦.;¦.
Miss Nelson rushed to. the telephone in
an excited manner and notified Mrs. Gold
stein; who was ' visiting a neighbor. 'A
physician was called and when he. arrived
at , the - house i he •'¦ smashed ¦ down .the door,
leading ito the, clerk's , room. ? Joel waa
foiand.lying on'the floor inia pool'ofiblood*
with, the ; top of .hia -head .blown 'off. .: The
¦ shotgun .lay, dose by...-': The; suicide had
placed- the/ muzzle : of 'the. gun '; in .-his
mbuthand discharged both, barrels . simul
taneously; ¦-".'¦ I ¦¦:•:'<'¦;. ¦:¦'¦':¦• ¦¦¦¦• ' V.;,-, ¦,:'.
'¦¦:¦: Joel- was; born- in, this-. city. :< His niother
resides' here also and'is s^aid' to>be;yery.,
.wealthy, 1 . ;¦>/.:-."¦::•;• ..-v., f ', ::;¦*
, 'SUES" RAIIitVAY^ COMPANY— WalV« *; Mel^
mon ' Commenced ' a ¦ nilt against I the 'j Market
street 'Ballwayi Company for, *2800 damages
yesterday, . He alleges l he was ¦ injured | to : that
extent by»l>«in's.run, into by: a Kentucky-street
car while he was out driving >,-¦,. '^ ': 4 ',
¦ E. D. . Sparrow, . managing editor of th2
Advocate, .a' Sausalitb ne> J spaper estab
lished j for ¦' the , purpose o£ r defeating the
supporters of the poolrooms, of that, town,
was' assaulted and badly; beaten yesterday
morning i by ." Thomas . Frost' while the first
named was oh his way to the boat bound
for^this city. .
Frost approached Sparrow and- askeri
him, if he, was the'editor:of the Advocate.
Frost,' it Ms* said: by the 'witnesses to : the
assault;; did "no£ w:ait \torj a' reply, , but
grasped Sparrow': by .the throat and, af-tei
searching, him /for a weapon,' proceeded tc
beat ! him : into- insensibility. Sparrow was
found unconscious and.'taken to his home
in Sausalito. V_ ! , ..r ..-..-. : ,
: Great indignation' is felt among the anti
poolroom residents of S^usarlto over the
¦ assault. 7 ;' It is iaid. that ;Frost . was actu
ated -in the .'assault- by. an article, which
appeared in . the - Adyocajt, but - which. Mr-
Sparrow's friends assert- was not' intended
asa reflection upon him. in any way, but
wasdirected toward another party. r
, Regarding 'thau assault, Frost • says.i -
"I^met Sparrow fairly and" face, to face.
Ideny/ashas" been stated fri some quar
ters,'.'having ' used a" club'or weapon. 1
struck him with my hand. / The • cause of
; the , difficulty.- arose : from ' a" DUblication v in
his I paper, to- the> eff ect% that ' I .built - my
residence with'money obtained from pool
rooms; ; which i la • untrue.- I am", not a pub
lic official, ibut a plain 'citizen,' and ! there
fore, hold that he 'hiad no right to question
the :source-whenceil obtained money for
any purpose... . .. , ,
.- "I have 'a large- family,- upon whom" the
reflectionrests, hence The attack." - -
- The Young "Men's Republican' League""of
San Francisco has elected the following
named delegates to the league convention
afSan;Jose:v' ' ;. ¦ ¦. .,;
<" J.oh»: B. ; Carson.vTOlllam H_ Chapman. .David
J. Water . ¦¦' Dr> ¦ E.^ V : Pl W«mple , : Jr. , : Frank ; C.
Reypo,l}3s,-/, Judge, Thomas .JQrake, Jpha W.
Doijfelass, . L.eon E. Muffler, 'Vincent J.*Dori6van
Albert. >H; , Jpost, George W.,Steff ens, .Walter
H; Robinson,<rr«d, W. 1 Krone Jr., E/.D.'- Mon
tro$e,»'C!aniel':H«-Gullck»-Ernest ¦iA." Lee, Ed
win \T., Cooper. 1^ William ;A. i Hargeas,'*JViU1am
B.1 Pardjr.: falter.- A; Peter.Sqn.'Jumesj.E.^ Finn
Dr. 5 B. "Cotton" Smith. -H* 'S.^Smith^-tHarold 1 D.
Mitchell, Dr. > George "E.- Bushnelli'J Joseph * J;
Schwartz." ' GustaVe • P,*" Aurich. / Hsirrj 1 : Boyle'
Waiter B.'Grosh: and iWllliani .W;.;Eccles; at
larg*, 1 -Fraijk;K.T6pencer.v.-4 i^'-'^V* 1 ''¦'' ?*"''l*
• -¦•*•¦ U' : *i ¦ ' ssss'/y. 4^-v!; ;
V Polo is 'prbbafely; in'e'oldfl3t' of-athleUc
sporjts; »» It'has^be^n .traced !to*600fB.»Ci i;
; It is understood. in the Gage -camp, that
George- A. 'Knight; who is ton": the payroll
as attorney- .of the, State Board of Health!
is., to- be the machine candidate for chair-!
• mah of' the - Republican State;' Conventions
Knig.ht^ re.ceritiy j visited Humboldt v " and .
Los Angeles counties-, arid;, declar/ed'fhls
preference for Gage; While the anti-ma-:
chine forces have not put-forward a Can-'
didate for chairman it is~understood-<that
Preston.. Flint, Cutter,. Pardee and Edson
are ready to support Lieutenant Governor'
Jacob H. Neff for the charmanshp.
¦ At the San Jose convention April 14 and
15 the usual resolutions .will-be, presented
to indorse the National and Sta$e Repub
lican administrations. All the" candidatea'
and other, leading men of the party agree
that such resolutions should betadopted.
The scheme of -the machine gang/ is J to
twist such indorsement into comtoenda
tion of Gage's candidacy for renqmina*-'
tlon. No doubt Mackenzie and his pusn
in San Jose will pack the galleries and
make as much capital as possible, when
the hour arrives for considering the : . re'-i
port of the committee on resolutions'- Del-;
egates who are opposed to machine rnetii
ods should : attend the convention and
give their earnest support to a proper
declaration of Republican sentiment. : Tho
indorsement of a Republican- State ; ad
ministration will not by any means 1 sig
nify an indorsement of Henry. T. Gages
candidacy for renomination.
BLOWS OFF HEAD
WITH A SHOTGUN
KNIGHT TO LEAD
GAGE'S FORCES
BEATS OPPONENT
OF POOLROOMS
THE SA^ FEAXGISCO CALL, TUESDAY^ APRIL 1, 1902.
• Judge Murasky issued an s order yester
day restraining Mayor Sclimltz and ' the
Board of Supervisors from recognizing
the .claims fit Edward I. Walsh and- John
¦Coghlan i.p a seat on. the board. The order
was issued., on a complaint * filed by Fred
Eggers and George Alpers, both of whom
were defeated by Walsh and Coghlan in
*£hfe '. recount -which " closed in
JudgE Murasky's "coiirt"' The' injunction
'issu'e'd was "a v temporary one : and ; is 'in
tended to act only until next Friday, when
the matter will come up before Judge
¦ Murasky for final decision. ¦'- ¦•
Alpers and Eggers allege in their, com
plahit that Walsh> and- Coghlan have an
.nounced. titelr intention; to-' possess? them-
BelvefeVof the seats on .the, bqard jdccupted
by them, and will do so unless^ restrained
by the court. They allege also thal'Mayor
Schmitz has given out 'that he will aid
them in their efforts to become Super
visors. Sf&F&eS&i-"—
. . The of, , Supervisors is made de
fendant in thelaetiorivby^ Alpers and'Eg
,geER -^because, the ; plaintiffs . allege, , it in
tends to aid': a'frd" abet-the. Mayor in his
.'¦efforts to seat -the Union Labor candi
dates. '••'".-•¦<>---,• ¦ :.¦--/:¦-¦¦ : :-"
The question .of James M.' Wilkins* right
to-w-seat orr-the'. board will- be argued be
fore; Judge i Murasky.,' this morning. . Wil
kins • did . not take;; part, in ithe. recent: con
test-: which . resulted }n .the defeat of Alp
crs" arid i Eggers.f But 1 a~ : few days ' ago - he
made a {notion to be allowed to come in
as an interXrenor, claiming , that as. the
official counjtH gave him -more ; votes than
the recoun«8«ye the contestants he is en
titled -to .a. sea t;'on , the board; ¦
, The. writ: off -injunction \was served on
the-' Mayor by .a'^'Sheriff's* deputy early in
the afternoon. The Mayor stated after
ward that he had no intention of recog
nizing either Walsh or Coghlan, although
the Superior Court had decided that they
were elected; to the office of • Supervisor.'
The Mayor said that he could not. act in
the premises,^ as the. cases .had been'ap
pealed 'vto> the • Supreme yGourt,-" which
would finally determine the matter.
Each year . 1,095,000 persons" succumb to
'¦ All Are* Welcome,"
m Nothing • like j it - b»f 6re ; 1 2000 . pairs gents 1 fine
shqes.ithe'kind you always pay, $3;for, ; w? offer
them r ,tb-morrow. : ;<Wednesday)'. 'morning a* , 9
'o' clock- toY' 75c a pair; "good shoes, 'such makes
as , Keith's, ! Johnston < & : Murphy-.' Bamasteri &
Co/': Iiidies'-; shoes j for »35o ! a pair.»< Children's
shoes -for the same price; .also 1200 ' pairs -boys'
achool • and ' dress * shoes fop.- 70c • a , pair. > -Busy
Bee * Shoe.,- Company,-; 1028 -Market st % " above
...... ADVEETISEMEMTS. . .-.•
To keep the skin clean
is to wash the execretions
from it off ; the skin takes;
care of itself inside, if not '*
blocked outside.
To wash " it often arid
clean/ without doing anyv
sort of violence to it re-
quires a .most gentle soap,, £
a soap with no free alkali
in it. u .
Pears', the soap that
clears but not excoriates.
- Sold all over the world.
AUCTION SALE
..OF THE.. , '
•^ ..OF EUROPEAN. .
WILL CONTINUE
THIS TUESDAY and •;
WEDNESDAY EVENINGS
At 8 o'clock.
Also TUESDAY and WEDNES-
DAY AFfERNOONS at k
2 o'clock.
Sons Hall
414 MASON STREET.
A. W. LOUDERBACK,
; i: Auctioneer.;
I vTHe Diinlap Crusher |
: bus^wlaTo^^u^^Um^^^S^ I '
1 # rt " ) Ve have . the^ii? lap Crusher in black, cedar, pearl, steel and ox- j
f ord £ our price, $1 30. is a ; very low one for • such a good hat • In fact ( ;
we know, that the; hat. is. the equal of any other ;2 hat In town for
leldTr "of U - ' at that price ourselves were we not making a ' ;
;: , At the same price we have Derbys, Fedoras,- Graecos Pan-Ameri-
cans and Pantouris in air the popular colors. v ¦*-?"' A ™en- .
Did you_eyer test our hat department and observe what good '
' -".Men's and boys', golf , caps^Tn^manyTdlfferent patterns, 10c each. ! I
: Out-of-town orders filed— write us. 14
J x > ¦.¦¦:• .718 Market ., * HIt was all the fault of the T. H. P. O.
These magic letters are the insignia of
one of the ancient institutions of the uni
versity. It Is a secret organlzatl6n,'*com
posed of male students, and its ritual is
calculated to Inspire green' terror and
awaken lightning along the vertebra.
Candidates for initiation are obliged to
walk over acres of broken bottles and
crockery and to do the cakewalk in their
bare feet on' redhot sheet iron. No one
is eligible ¦ for membership unless he can
drink a bucket of blood without drawing
his breath. Annual banquets are held in
an undertaker's parlors, and each mem
ber sits in'a' coffin when' the food Is dis
tributed. Once in a while social dances
are given in a graveyard. The ultimate
RENO. New, March 3L— Another
sensation has - developed at th»
State University. A venerable col
lection of bones, known as the
college skeleton, has disappeared,
and no one knows whither. Great excite^
merit prevails at Nevada's leading insti
tution of learning, and unless the local
Sherlock Holmes, who Is at present unable
to stent the bony footprints, drags some
of his art Jargon into light, tall doings
are on the tapis.
< i'/FROM SEATTLE.
¦ Bl3hop . Hamilton's , address ; ,was- a jfea-'
ture ; of I the •' Methodist ..' .; Episcopal : min-'
isters" meeting c yesterday i morning./. The
prelate * returned; recently;, from. 1 : a;i trip
abroad and' he spoke feelinglyl of -the con-'
ditions of the ; ' church 4. '^ In -.-• the 2 different
countries he had .visited.y- An-unusually,
large audience - was * present- and • all ..were
doeply impressed <¦ by i the ., Bishop's -words."
The following V, officers ' were ', elected "« for
t he. • ensuing/ year : '- President, " Rev.;; Frank"
K>; Baker ; * vice president . * . Rev."' O.1 Hot le.i
Oakland ; «• secretary,^ Rev. k ~ Dr.'.'. Kennedy, 1
Alameda. • Rev.»H/; N;;Bevler. : read tan?ln-'
teresting; Rap er -i before ' ltIie v' Presbyterian
Ministerial - iJnlon r- yesterday on : "The
Homlletic Value of -the Novel." . t
Ministerial 'Meeting's. .*¦
"Tom" Tieland," ailongsho'reman.'jumpedjinto
the bay from j Harrison-etreet i , wharf . yesterday;
: but was '; lassoed : . and t hauled - ashore ; by ', State
Wharfinger ' ."Torn" . Casey/; t'Casey ".had jbeen'
watching ¦ Tieland i for ' someV' 1 - time twice/
earlier in the day/, had' prevented the longshore
man from leaping fromthe wharf..' Tieland. wai
taken to the Harbor. Hospital., ; • y'. - .-' ;
Long-shoreman. Attempts Suicide,
• The 'army transport Sheridan will sail; at noon
to-day for .' Manila with \ the '• Twenty-ninth 'in
fantry and ¦ a. '¦detachment' of .'recruits^ aboard/
The Kilpatrlck docked yesterday at" the j trans
port wharf "and to-morrow the Sherman, 1 ' which
has been In the hands of the Union Iron Works
for more ¦ than < a year/ will ; be ¦ tied - up- at 'the
berth • vacated , to-day: by .'the;Sherldan. '." * v .
Sheridan^ Sails To-Day.
The^French bark MacMahon, upon- which: 10
per. cent reinsurance has been paid, -arrived yes
terday at Falmouth. She : left; here r t 167 « days
ago. In contrast with . the . Frenchman's ¦: long
trip Is the voyage. of the British bark' Largle
more,- which left here 102 days ago 'and sailed
Into- Falmouth • yesterday, '„ almost side -¦ by ' side
with • the- MacMahon. > The : Larglemore' by > this
trip holds the record for the grain fleet and has
placed to' her credit' one of- the, fastest -trips
ever made • between : San 'Francisco "• and ¦' the
United Kingdom. ; ., ... ¦ : : ;¦..¦:
Overdue Frenchman' Arrives.
The schooner Charles HansenJ which '¦ sailed
yesterday for the Sound,, afcd the : barkentlne
Planter, bound for -Honolulu, were both 'placed
In dangerous , proximity: to ; Duxbury | Reef soon
after clearing the. Heads. The wind, 'which wag
light, changed suddenly to the southward and
both, vessels were taken In charge by the cur
rent setting in toward Duxbury • Reef. -: The
Charles Hansen was obliged to anchor and was
still swinging to her hook when darkness shut
her from the view, of- the Merchants' Exchange
lookout. The Planter. when 'last seen was try-
Ing hard to beat away, from the dangerous reef.
Light Wind Imperils Windjammers.
TO ARRIVE.
: , Steamer Movements.
Lombard-Street Wharf Unsafe.
. The Harbor Commissioners have discovered
that Lombard-street wharf is unsafe. The-offl
cers of the battleship Oregon found this out just
four years ago. The Commissioners will take
up the matter at .. to-morrow's ": meeting. • The
steamship Meteor docked at the wharf on Sun
day and commenced discharging herl cargo of
lime. When 0000 barrels had been placed on
the wharf if began to settle. Discharging was
suspended _and the Meteor was given another
berth, while stationed : here four 'years' ago
prior to making her famous voyage from Paciflc
to Atlantic, the Oregon's crew was regularly
drilled on Lombard-street wharf. . These drills
toward the end were cut down considerably
owing to the fact that under, the strain of some
of the more vigorous setting-up exercises . the
docked rocked and swayed like a ship at sea.
Drilling on Lombard-street wharf was finally
stopped owing to Its shaky condition. The Com
missioners will discuss to-morrow : the advisa
bility of building a new wharf on the site- of
the present structure.
The university skeleton was the only
one available, and a requlsition^for • the
use of it was made upon the university
management. The class in anatomy was
wiping- to release its subject for a- few
hours, and. after the club had put up $100
cash, to.be forfeited should the- precious
relic stray away, the human frame passed
aw ay.. over. the campus. in- the direction-of
town. -It. was locked up in a room," and
those who placed It there went to bed to
have nightmares. • , .. • ,.
•In the morning a Bearch' was made for
the skeleton, but. it- was missing. Some
of the superstitious ascribed its depar
ture to supernatural. agencies, ¦ but' the
more sagacious laid it at the door of the
falgma Alpha, a rival organization. .And
now there is the deuce- to pay. -The unl-"
versity people want their, skeleton, and
?n ant I* b l dl i'- The T. H. P. o.'s want
their hundred dollars back. The stories
of the hardships endured by some « of
those who contributed to the. bail'fund
would give the blush to . the sufferings
experienced by . the Donner Lake party or
the mutineers of the Bounty. Several
debonair, young men, it is said, have
been forced to pawn their military hair
i« ,fi 3 s t( > meet the requirements of the
landlady. General demoralization prevail*
and unless the Sigma Alpha relents or the
?ffiS U 3u dr n o e D arth thG SkeIetOn ' SOme - I
ambition of the order is to graduate" pi
rates or cowboys.
It happened one day last week that
some of the members desired photographs
taken. With ordinary mortals the wish
would have been father to the deed and
tintypes would have been turned out with
out delay." Not so with the T.'H. P. O.
It is an unwritten law of this -sinister
organization that failure of a member to
have his face reproduced -except in com
pany with a: skeleton, or something as j
terrible, is punishable by death at the
stake. i ¦ '¦ •:>¦¦¦•
. : - 7 . - . . . ;.•.., •-:}.-*• v . i . - - - - -
SOME OF THE . CHEERFUL. FEA- .
TUBES OF THE ; T/ H. P. O. SO
. j CIETY'S INITIATION. :"
GRAYS H AIlBOR-^Arrived ' March ' 30-^-8tmr
Chehalis,- hence 'March 27 ;; Btmr / San Pedro,
hence March 27:i ¦.'¦.'¦¦¦ '¦ . ::•*"•¦>
FORT 'BRAGO^-Air I ved. March 31 — Stmr Co
qullle ¦-River.- hence- March BO;',.. stmr,'.. Noyo,'
hence March ••29." <.-. •' : x "-:.: ; ¦¦.'%•,".;¦.''••'-;:¦ -.
•- Sailed March:31 — Stmr Noyo, > for. San 'Pedro.
• ASTORIA— Arrived ,• March :31— Au«. r 'stmr
Maria, > hence % March 27; . stmr Alliance,' ifrom
Sailed March; -SI — Stmr Melville : Dollar, • for
San : FrancUco ; ; schr Sadie, for Umpqua River.
. Arrived v March 31— Schr Alvena, , from • Ta
coma; schr E KiWood, from- Fairhaven.- •
Sailed March 31— Schr J M Colman, . for p O rt
Town8end ; " srmr Ruth, for,San : Fraricls;o.'- ~ -
NEAH . BAY— Passed In ' March 31^— Br ship
Whlllifcburn, .from Table Bay.".: v.:
EUREKA — Arrived ¦ March . 31 — Stmr Eureka,'
hence : March" 30; j\3tmr;. Pasadena, - from-'San
Pedro... r'r> v •¦••-.• ¦'•'. '¦•¦ •' • • • -¦ , ; - :. .--.. ¦-•
ASTORIA'— Arrived March. 31— Aus "stmr
Maria, - hence .March' 27; stmr Alliance,' from
Coos Bay;. stmr Geo W Elder," hence March 29 ;.
stmr Elmore.- from Tlllamook. .... • - -\. ¦¦-,
CASPAR— Arrived 'Marlh 31— Stmr : Samoa,
hence March 30. - , • ' i.-'.i,- n;.. , -
PORTLAND— Sailed March ; 31— Stmr Rock
hurst, for Queenstown; ship Star of -Germany,
for Cape Town;'Br istmr Adalto, for Manila..,
¦ -¦ Arrived; March"; 31— Br bark - Brunei," . from
Newcastle," Aus. . - . ' v. . ... ,. , • . .
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed March 31— Schr In-,
ca,.for Taku. • . ¦¦ ¦ .
.-COOSi BAT— Sailed March 30-^-Stmr Alli
ance, ¦ for Portland, Or.' -'. -'-• ¦> ..- ,, • >
Arrived. March SO— Stmr Empire, i hence
March 25. March 31— Stmr , Brunswick, hence
aMrch'27." • ¦¦¦¦'¦
SAN PEDRO — Arrived , -March * 31— Schi .
Americana, from' Port -Blakeley; stmr Acme,
from Redondo: ' bktn Retriever, from Port Ha<l
lock;stmr Alcazar.- from Greenwood; schr Me-"
teor, from. Port' Blakeley;. schr Corona, ifrom:
Ballard ; ' schr A F. Coates, - from Fairhaven ;
schr Soquel. from Port Blakeley. •. ¦ ¦ -.-
Arrived March/ 30— Stmr Santa 'Ana, . hence
March 25; stmr City of Puebla. hence. March
27/ March 31 — Stmr Edith, hence March 20;
stmr. Farallon,'- from: Skagway.- -/.¦'.. '
Sailed March 31 — Stmr :. Pleiades, : for ", San
Francisco; stmr Cottage City, for Skagway.-- |
Arrived March 31— 8vmr .- Farailon, from
Skagway;. stmr Chas Nelson, from -San -Fran
cisco. ''•.- .'-,'.-. '•¦'. '-',. .' .;, - ;¦ • .. ;. .-¦ ..-.'¦
SEATTLE— Sailed March 30— Stmr ; Dolphin,
for Skagway; ¦. stmr Umatllla;. for San Kraa-
ClSCO. ; .¦/.'. '.;.• -¦ fl - "¦¦....*.. :'¦ ¦'.-''
DOMESTIC PORTS.'
1 .-, ; • . :¦. , .' .Monday;' 1 March 31. .
k Stnif Alcatraz, Carlson.-Greenwood.
H Stmr Qzarlna, Seaman, Seattle. C "
. Stmr Bonlta. Nopander, , San Pedro. .
Rchr Chas Hanson, ;Verry,'— ;— . "¦ :.
•Bktn Planter. -Chas«. • Honolulu. . .
TELEGRAPHIC- u'"**-?:^
POINT LOBOS, March 31, • 10 p m— Weather
cloudy; wind 8W, velocity 10 miles per hour.
SAILED.
Shipping Intelligence.
-- '.ARRIVED.-. rv.-iV
• ¦ • Monday, March 31.
Stmr "Columbia, Doran, "55 hours from Port
land, 42 hours from Astoria,:
Stmr North Fork,"-Fosen,- 26 hours from Eu-f
reka: .'. ' ~ . ' .' <•• ¦'¦¦'. ¦; •'
Stmr Pomona,* Shea, 18 hours from Eureka
Stmr South 'Coast, Jamteson, 14 hours from
Albion. ' -
Stmr ! Asuncion, . Evans, . S3 -hours from Ta
corca. , .--. ,- - ¦- . -•• .:-..-'
Schr Newark. Nielsen, 12 hours from Stew
arts Point. ••-.. ;,; - ¦¦.. ¦•:'.•• -..-", i
: Schr Archie and. Fontie, Skipper, 42; hours
from-;F1sks MiU,v.-; '¦';.'¦¦ ¦; - ,'• '¦¦': .:•:'" t:' „ " ¦
' Schr, Mary. C.\ Campbell, .8 hours-from Bo
dega, •:• . -¦ '* ¦'. '¦*•¦-¦ ¦¦•• - ¦ ¦• >¦••¦¦•• .' .
. .„,• ¦...', . '.V-V^-i
¦**?;?¦. -;"-••<-!;. {-" •- ">i*,^fvMpnday.'- March ;31. '•
";Strnr •-Rainier. rxHahsen,' " Seattle; ¦¦ Pollard
Steamship -Co. , ¦ •' ' '';¦?••'•• r •»• :, ; * ic %r->r,;
•, Stmr ' Queen, Hall ¦ .Victoria, and . Port Town- 1
sfend:- Gbodall; Perkins; & Co.- • . '.V • . ,
(•Dutch) fltmr Folmlna.'Vjin* Eyken,- Nanalmo ;>
John ¦¦• Rosenfeld'a Sons. " ,, :
-Whaling stmr; Beluga, ' Bodflsh, ;. whaling
crulsej Paciflc Steam Whaling Co. - .. : .;
. Ship . Two ' Brothers, Wllaon,' Chlgnlk-'. Bay;:
Alaska 'Packers' Ann.- ¦. ,¦¦ ¦.:¦•'-".".,¦ .,
. Uark .Martha .Davis,- McAIman, -HHo;; Welch
&'Cb."- :>-''O • ¦ •¦ •¦¦"¦ •"-.- ; <¦ ¦¦
- Bktn- Fremont,'- Kelton,?"codflshlng; .Lynde &
Hcush Co., . . .\';.-'. • . . :
The steamer Australia,- which sailed ' Satur
day for Tahiti, .; carried . an , assorted merchan
dise cargo valued atj$25,136. The.' cargo In
cluded the .following"* merchandise and !pro
duce: • 'V >..¦' ¦; '+»¦ ¦ . . ¦ . . •--¦ ,
1447 bbls flour. 30,997 lbs bread, 1140 rbs
coatlsh, ¦ 34 pkgs . beer, 189 ' cs . canned goods, SI
bales dry goods,' 157 -pkgs groceries and provis
ions; . 242 pkgs . hardware, . 234 ' lbs ; hams ¦ and
bacon, 3770 lbs- lard, ;l pkg machinery, 390 lbs
butter, 96- cs coal oil, 1 cs electrical goods,
57-4 lbs beans, 8 cs eggs, SO lbs hops, 52 pkgs
fresh ; fruits, ; 23 ; pkgs fresh ~ vegetables. 1 cs
fuse, 3574 • ft ¦¦ lumber,? 2 j cs hats, .2367 1 ft fence
material, 100 : bdls laths, 1 1380 lbs : meal.' 10«l
, lbs and. 8' pkgs cheese,'- 11 pkgs bicycles and
sundries, 5S87 lbs bran, 300 ctls barley; 9 kegs
nails, 21' crs onions,' 6t> crs potatoes. 36,195 lbs
rice. 24,537 lbs EUgar,v200 lbs tea, 922 "gals
.wine, 145 cs 17. bbls and 14 half -bbls salmon,,
11' bales -twine, 11' cs boots and shoes, 621 lbs
nuts,. 22 pkgs paints and oils. 17 coils rope. 15
bx* paste,- 115 bdls shingles, 7554 lbs salt, 2
bdls wire. l.'!t? bxs soap, 4tt ctls wheat, -100 lbs
fspicep, ' 1200 'lbs dried, peas,' 32 bdls paper. 975
lbs rolled barley, 35 pkgs wagon material ; and
85 pkgs carriage material.
Thie Australia's Cargo.
The Alexander will be the last of the. whaling
fleet to go to sea. The Beluga cleared yester
day and the Bowhead.wlll sail in a day or. so.
.The Alexander Is almost ready for sea and will
probably get away about the end of the week.
Last :o£ the l| Whalers! ¦
Son, Moon . and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters / at Fort Point, entrance to San
¦ Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and - low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf), about
twenty-flve minutes later than at Fort PcSnt:
the height of tide is the same at both places.
TUESDAY, APRIL 1.
Sun rlsea • ..r.. ...;.. .5:55
Sun sets .IS:**
Moon rises 1:14 a. m.
¦ NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides ,
the early morning tldea are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in. the order of occurrence as to time: the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day. except when there axe but three tides, as
; sometimes occurs. The heights given are In
addition to the sowndtnss cf the United States •
feast Survey charts, except when a minus (— »
sign precedes the . height, and then the number
given -Is subtracted from the depth given by
1 the charts, /he plane of reference Is the meaa
. of th« lower low waters.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographle Office. V. 8. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco, Cal.,
March 31. 1902.
Tho Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
'building was dropped exactly at noon »o-day.
i. e.; at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
p. m Greenwich mean time.
W. H. STANDLET.
Lieutenant U. S. N.. In chars*.
Board of Health Makes Appointments
The Board of Health yesterday ap
pointed Rudolph Kibble a surgical dresser
and attendant at the City and County
Hospital and .Mrs.- Jane Tait Kelly assist
ant rp.atron at the Almshouse. to serve
without salary.
trict of California,' arrived with his bride
ast Sunday night from their honeymoon
<rip to Los Angeles, Pasadena and Santa
Barbara. They have taken up their quar
tfrs at the Occidental Hotel until cer
tain alterations in the Woodworth resi
dence shall have been made.
Heturn of Marshall B. Woodworth.
Marshall B. Woodworth, United States
District Attorney for the -Northern Dis-
MISSION CLTJB DELEGATES
HAVE TALK WITH "MAYOR
Strongly Urge Removal of Colonel
George Mendell From. Board
of Public Works.
The committee recently appointed by the
Federation of Mission Improvement
L'luos, consisting of Gustave Schnee.Max
Popper, A. S. LJUie. W. E. Cole and \V.
B. Dubols, called on Mayor Schmitz yes
terday to urge a change in the personnel
uf the Board of Public Works. The com
mittee was appointed some months ago,
but yesterday was the first opportunity
the members had to meet with the Mayor.
The members of the committee urged
Immediate action in the removal of the
present board, their objections being that
Colonel Mendell, by reason of his ago
ivas unable to properly discharge the du
ties cf the office and that the board was
L'oniucted in a most extravagant man
ner.- The actions of the Board of Health
were also brought up and discussed. Other
matters of interest to the people of the
Mission district were informally dis
cussed.
Mayor Schmitz said he was giving thor
ough consideration to all matters affecting
the city's finances and the conduct of the
various appointive boards, but would not
act hastily. .-,•¦•-. . ¦ •" ¦»;-.
"When I am convinced that something
Is wrong I will act very promptly." he
said. "I have had this matter under con
sideration for some time, but am not pre
pared -*t this time to make known what
my actions in the premises will be."
exchanged in the last few days in re
gard to this matter between Secretary
John L. Brundage of the Kern County
Beard of Trade and Manager Filcher of
the State Board of Trade. Mr. Brundase
wi&hes to have the Bakersfield committee
meet the representatives of all the com
mercial organizations of San Francisco
and wrote to Manager Filcher to see what
arrangements could be made to meet peo
ple who are acting as directors of the
several boards, of the Merchants' Associ
ation, the Chamber of Commerce, the
Manufacturers' and Producers' Associa
tion, the Board of Trade of San Francisco
and the State Board of Trade.
Secretary King of the Merchants' Asso
ciation has agreed to try to have repre
sentatives of the Merchants' Association
meet the Kern County delegate this after
noon or to-morrow. The trustees of the
San Francisco Board of Trade and of the
. State Board of Trade will meet to-day.
In the correspondence Secretary Brundage
has made the statement that the Los
Angeles business men have agreed to have
a Los Angeles day at the carnival. The
argument that the delegation will use is
that this city has an equal Interest in
Bakersfield with Los Angeles, and that
while the competition between Los An
geles and San Francisco for the trade
of the head of the San Joaquin Valley is
so sharp, it is certainly to the advantage
of San Francisco to show that it is con
cerned in the welfare of Bakersfield.
A committee representing the Board of
Trade of Kern County left Bakersfield
for this city yesterday and will arrive
htre this morning for the purpose of en
iistins' the interest of the merchants and
manufacturers of this city in the project
of having a San Francisco day at the
carnival and street fair to take place in
Bfakersfield from May 3 to May 10, In
clusive. Some correspondence has been
•: LONDON — In, port March 13 — Br ship Tas
mania,- for San Diego. . -
j-r ANTWERP — In port March 4 — Br. bark Al
, mora, for San Francisco. ' .. March 12— Fr bark
Amiral. Halgan.- for San Francisco.
- IQUIQUE — In portiFeb 15 — Ger bark Frieda
Mahui'for^San Francisco. ¦.-• ".
. /RANGOON — In port Feb 12 — Br bark Inver
mark, for Oregon. • " - " ' ;
-"¦LIVERPOOL— In port March 4— Br ship
John i Cooke, for Oregon.
•^KINSALE — Passed March 31 — Br ship Duh
brltton.: from Portland, for Queenstown. -
¦iFALMOUTH- Arrived ¦ March 30— Ger. ship
Rlckmer Rlckmers, from Oregon. ' March 31 —
Ger;.shIp.'.Henriette. hence. Dec 15; Br ship
' Larglemore; ¦ hence . Dec IS ; Br, ship Lonsdale,
from 1 , Portland: Ger. ship Nessla, from. Port
land: -Ft- bark Anjou,. hence Nov 20; Fr bark
MacMahon,' hence Oct 14; Fr bark Marechal
Davout.. fromOreeon. '¦ ; •. ., :
- QUEENSTOWN — Arrived March 30— Nor
ship ; Albania, from Portland:- Ger ship Neck,
hence i Nov Br • ship St Munjro, from Ta
conia, -and ' proceeded to Hambunr: • Br bark
May field, from Portland; Br shin Falls of Hal
ladale, : from Portland. March 31 — Br ship
Garsdale.'from.Tacoma; Br. ship Godvia, from
Tn.coma ; ¦¦ Fr ¦ bark Empereur Menellk, hence
Nov:22.; :>=.¦'--: -
.j GUAYAQUIL — Arrived March 20 — Br"»?hr
Alexander, hence Dec 10. . •
• CALLAO — Arrived March 31 — Nor. stmr Ma
thilda,; from Tacoma, -and sailed for St Vin
cent. '. • :""• . ¦ ¦ ¦;. .-. '
."Arrived. 'March SO-^-Br - stmr Coptic, . hence
March 13.. -..,':¦;' - . -- .
"HAKODATE — Arrived'. March 31 — Br stmr
¦Arab. 'from Hongkong. ¦
• SAN 'JOSE DE GUATEMALA— Balled March
30— XJer.-etmr Neko, from Hamburjr. for San
¦Francisco. ; . ¦ "¦ , ¦'.:;.." -'.¦ A
. HAMBURG— In . port March 1— Ger ehlD D
HrW«tJen,:for Port Los Angeles. .
.-NEWCASTLE, Aus— Sailed ' March 26— Br
ship Osborne. for San Francisco. ¦ • •
.-. COLON— Sailed March 27— Nor stmr Hero,
for New York, in tow stmr Rescue.
' YOKOHAMA— Sailed March 20— Stmr China,
for San Franclaco. . •.. . ... . ,-. ._¦
Cogs s Bay ;-stmrGeo-"W% Elder, hence. March 29.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived March 31—
Br 8tnir .Wyetteld, from Nanalmo."
TACOMA— Arrived March i 31— Stmr Aztec.
hence March 2S; stmr Cottage City, from-Vic
toria; stmr- Mackinaw, hence March 27; Dutch
stmr; "Wilhelmina, ¦' from ¦ Port Townsend; . itmr
Cityof 'P»uebla, from Seattle. . • - ; .
Sailed March 31 — Stmr Cottage City," for Se
attle. : j;-v- ;¦ ¦¦ -.:. ¦ ;; - ¦ ¦ A- • .¦¦ :
v PORT >TOWNSEND-^-Sailed inward : Marcn
SI-:— Dutch . Btmr Wilhelmina; for Tacoma.^ '¦*¦
Sailed .outward March 31 — Bark J D Peters,
for Chlgnlk Bay. " '
Arrived March 31 — Schr [Endeavor, from Ma- 1
nlla (.."(8 days). - T . . ¦•.
Passed . In March :¦ 31 — Stmr . Charles Nelson,
hence March 27, for . Seattle. • " ¦¦¦-
- POINT RKYES — Passed March 31, 4 p m —
Stmr Fulton, from 'Astoria, for San Pedro.- ¦'-"
BOWENS LANDING — Sailed March fcl-^
Stmr Gualala. fgr San 'Francisco.
'. • x. EASTERN. PORTS..- - ; . '> : '
NEWrTORK— Sailed March. 30— Ship Paul
Revere, -for Baltimore. • ¦','¦¦
BOSTON— Arrived March 29 — Bark Onaway,
from ; Singapore. .-,
. . - ¦ ¦ i ;¦> . FOREIGN PORTTS.
- VALPARAISO — Arrived . March 28 — Br bark
Nellie Troop, from Newcastle, Aus.
SUEZ — Arrived March 29 — Nor stmr Protec
tor, from. Manila,' for London.
. FAY AL— Passed March 28— Ger ship Slrene.
from ' Oregon, for Queenstown.
MALTA— Passed March 30 — Br stmr Moyune
from Liverpool, for Victoria. -
.- ANTWERP— Sailed March 28— Br ship Slleve
Roe.' for-Pujret Sonnd. ¦*
GENOA— Sailed March 26— Ital bark Speme.
for " San Franclaco. . • . • - . . ¦
i ; . After.' the meeting; of the- State Board
the "committee on promotion will gather.
It will come together, at 3 o'clock and be
gin ;, the i work -from' which so much is
hoped. >The State Board of Trade has five
, members only of this ) committee, which
.bap a membership of fifteen. "sThe mem
bers" as' appointed. have -been named from
time to time In .The Call. President Chip
man of the State ¦; Board "of Trade will
make; some suggestions relating .1 princi
pally, to -.the tlnancial side of the work to
De," Undertaken. The Income heretofore
available | for, advertising j the resources of
the State must be augmented.- Until it is
ascertained how much money can be safe
ly/counted on, it will not be feasible to
determine many matters. " Probably - the
principal work of the committee on pro
motion 'to-day will . be -in reference to
finances. Particular interest attaches to
the proceedings.- as this is the first meet
ing, of. the promotion committee."
u :Two meetings of importance will take
1 place* to-day , In 1 the rooms of the State
Board of Trade. The first will be^ regu
lar'meeting of i the State Board of. Trads,
the members of Which body. will come to-'
gether_ to 'consider^ and to yatlfylthe steps
that have been taken by officials In behalf
,of ; the board, since the last regular meet
ing/- for Jibe purpose ' of co-operating wltn
and j taking part in ¦ the movement if or the
advertising of and settling up of .the Cali
fornia counties north of Tehachapi; v There
Is, no^doubt=that ¦ the situation will' meet
the approval of the State Board of -Trade.
Directors say that the work proposed is in
the province of the board. . .
The Star "of Russia's cargo is: valued at
$200,000. -I It , includes ; 20,000 ; boxes , of .tin
plates, which/will -all^ come 1 back In the
srape of cans, "-well; filled. with choice cuts
"cl" cooked salmon^'.: This. salmon,; upon its
arrival here, will be Vdistrtbuted to sailing
craft and steamships and by them carried
to all .parts of the- world. . In = addition ,to
the tin plate. the Star .carries 80,000 pounds
of' pig- tiii- and -an -endless variety-.', of
equipments : necessary " to the expeditious
handling ofa big. salmon, pack.; . f • •
: - The . Alaska Packers' ' Association " pur
chased the Star* of Russia", last \ fall for
VW0.000. r She left 'Howard-street wharf on
Saturday 'afternoony and remained at an
chor in the stream, until yesterday, morn
ing, ' when" she: was towed-,to seaVand
turned- loose .to make her \ way; to ¦ Karluk
as fast asher wings] can : carry her. '
ciation.
The ship Star ."of Russia, which
on i Sunday. ;mbrning^ for . KarlUk,'. carried
cine of the ' costliest .'cargoes ever* stowed
below ' the : hatches^bf; a salmon ; vessel. v In
addition to: hei-j cargo; she; carried 50« em-'
ployes,; who -will -be in their
numerous capacities ' among, the canr.er ies
controlled by. the f Alaska .Packers' Asso-
Sails for jthejNorth Witli More
Than $2^0,000 Worth
"¦^ of Material. ;
\ Once.
Plans to Collect ..Necessary
Money Will Be Made at V.
Representatives Coming to Ar
range for a San Fran
cisco Day.
of' Supplies.
Star of -Russia .Carries .a
: Costly Cons ; gniiient:
¦.* „¦ ••¦¦'. ¦¦¦' ¦¦ r~ ~ _- :-*¦•, \ ...
Committee to; Promote
' Interests bf^Gouhties
*' - Meets To-b/yX
Wants This City to Be
Represented at the
Carnival.
KERN SENDING
A COMMITTEE
CANNERY VESSEL
HAS A BIG CARGO
RAISING FUNDS
IS FIRST STEP
Disappearance of Venerable BonesrErom Uni
versity of Nevada Brings; Trouble' iot\ie\
Members • of • Strenuous Secret: Society:
VANISHING SKELETONS FOOTBALL
SOUNDS ALONG A TRAIL OF WOE
THE SAN FRANCISCO V CALL; TIJESD
,*> TOPSAIL.
5
Steamer. ¦'/ ..Destination... ; I Sails. I. Pier.
Steamer. >
Destination. .
: -.; .:- *. -,.-,. > » a pr ii 1. ¦ .(
Coronado.. Grays Harbor ..... 5 pmlPler 2
S. .Monica.; Humboldf 4 pm Pier 2
Phoenix...'. Mendoclno City*... 3 pm Pltr lj
Aberdeen.*. Astoria- & Portland. 8 pm Pier 2
Arcata...:. Cobs Bay t Pt Orfd 12 m|Pter l:i
Queen.....' Puget Sound ports. 11 ami Pier I)
Meteor..... Seattle & Tacoma. 6 pmlPler 27
G. Lindauer Grays Harbor..".... ...... {Pier —
...;.-,.. ,....- -.--..April 2.- ¦ |
Xewburg... Grays Harbor • 5 pra|Pler 2
Pomona. J. . Humbbldt '..«.". '. 1:30 piPler U
State Cal. . . San Diego & .Way.. 9 ami I'lr r 11
Arso-.-'V;':. Ferndale& Eel Rlv. 4 pmjPler 2
North Fork. Humboldt ...i..... » amiPler 2
. ,r *. April 3. I
Empire.... Coos Bay . 12 mi Pier 1.1
Mandalay.. Coqullle River |10 amlPier 2
Lakrno. A&torla & Portland. | l» am|Pier '£
Columbia.. Astoria &. Portland. 11 am Pier 2*
J.S.Klmball Seattle & Tacoma.. 10 am Pier 'i
, April 4.
Eureka.'. .'." Humboldt* -• •'•• 9 amjPier la
Coos Bay.. San- Pedro & Way. v amijr'lrr n
-: " • - - •. / April 5. J
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena 2 pmlPler 2
Eureka.."..' Honolulu v. Seattle. 5 pm Pier —
Hyades.. .. Honolulu & Kahului .. Pier 20
. April 0. .
Spokane... San Diego & Way.. 0 amPier,ll
Vinatilla... Puget Sound Ports. 9 am Pier 11
:,-. ,..r-,.:. -April-. 7. ,v;.|- -~ r . -
Curacao...' Mexican Portn 10 amlPier 11
¦ - ' . r. -:. April 8.' | . |
BonIta...".V Newport & Way Ptsi 9 ami Pier 11
G. Elder... Astoria & Po«tlandlll amlPier 2*
Gaelic:. :.. China' & Japan ....[ 1 pm!PMS3
City Sj-dne> Panama & Way Pts|12 m|PMSS
HermonthlJ. Hamburg -,& Way IPier- —
Colombia. . Valparaiso & Way. 12 m|Pter 10
Chehalis... Grays Harbor " 5 pmlPler 2
'•¦¦•-'.> i-.. l Jt ¦¦*¦--• April O.
Alliance... Portland & Way Pts ...... Pier —
:,S.-. ' ''- .-April 1O.
Sierra.'....- Sydney & Way Pts. 10 am Pier 7
Santa Ana.' Seattle' & Tacoma.. 10 am Pier 2
G. Dollar... Grays. Harbor...... 5 pm Pier 2
KivaL.v... Wlllapa Harbor. ... 5 pm|Pler 2
Steamer.
For.
i Sails.
City Topeka. Skag-way & Way; Ports. Apr." 2
Hutnboldt.'. .". Skagway ft-Way Ports. Apr. 4
Farallon. .... Skagway & "Way Ports. Apr. ¦ 5
City Seattle. . Skagway & Way Ports. I Apr. 6
Al-Kl... Skagwar & Way Ports. I Apr.' "S
Bertha.."..".. Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Apr. 15
Santa........ Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Apr. -IS
Cottage City. Skagway & Way Ports. Apr. 13
Steamer.
From.
Due:
Pleiades.::.'.
Sierra.....;..
Victoria.'::...
Coos Bay....
Kan Mateo...
M.. Dollar....
Maridalay....
Ia'qua*.'. . Jy—
Empire;...."."
Aitec:.. •:.*•.:;
Umatllla..". ••
Kureka.;.V.."
Spokane. ....
Hermonthls..
Point Arena..
Golombla.v..
Pomona.,.'...
Edith .'-..'. -."...
Sta. Barbara.
Hong: ' Maru .
O.'.W. Elder..
BonltaVI.V.V.
¦.THanla: •».?•".
State of Cal.V
Chehalls.vv;.
SantaAna: ..
Clty.Puebla:.
Acapulco.:..
NorthForft.;
Sequoia. ......
Rival.-. :...;. |
Columbia. *V: ¦
Seattle . . . . . : Apr. I
Sydney & Way Ports..'. Apr. .1
Oyster Harbor ...:.... Apr. 1
Pan Pedro & "Way Ports. Apr. ' I
Nanalmo . . ; . v . . .... . . . | Apr. ' ¦ 1
San 'Pedro -'. ...V. ...... (Apr. il
CoqulUe River ...... ...Apr. - 2
Ran- Pedro ........ .r. ..[Apr. ' 2
Coos Bay. . . .. : . ... . . . .-.JApr. . 2
Tacoma .... r. ........ V.J Apr. - 2
Puget " Sound Ports. . .'. . I Apr. : 2
Humboldt . I Apr. 2
San Diego A Way Ports Apr. ' 3
Seattle . : '. . . . Apr. ¦ "
Point < Arena i ....... V .; Apr. ¦ 3
Valparaiso &,Way Ports Apr. : 4
Humboldt . .'. . .'..'. .'. .".". Apr. 5
Seattle •:'.'..... Apr. 5
San Pedro.; . : . .". ... Apr."- 5
ChlnA' and Japan. ...... Apr. n
Port&nd & Astoria... . Apr. "5
Newport.*: Way Ports... Apr.' 5
Nanalmo •";¦."¦. .."..".. t :'.":'. Apr. «i
San Diego -& Way' Pts. Apr. «
Orays Harbor : :;.;.. .". .' Apr. «
Seattle & Tacoma •; Apr. - ft
PuRpt Sound ¦Ports:...". Apr.* 1 ?-
Panama & • Way Ports. Apr. : ' 7
Humboldt .:.... .?. Apr. '8
Grays Harbor, . . .'. : :.:: Apr. ' S
Wlllapa Harbor ". . lApr. S
Portland & Astoria . 9 . . . | Apr. 10
O Time Time Time Time
a Ft. Ft. — Ft. Ft.
• H \V L. "W H W L. TV
T 77*6 T2 12:03 1.1 7:28 4.1
X. W H W L. \V H W
2 0:23 3.2 R:S6 4.2 12:52| 1.1 8:10 4.3
3 1:20 2.9 7:06 4.3 1:101 1.1| 8:48J 4.T
4 2:0ft 2.51 8:13 4.4| 2:.:0| 1.11 9:2OI 4.»
5 2:551 2.0! 9:10 4.71 3:14| 1.21 0:521 5.1
6 I 3:38 1.5110:02 4.9 3:54| 1.3|1O:2t 5.:t
,7 4:21 O.UllO:54 S.0| 4:34| 1.5110:551 5.4
Steamer.
From.
Due:
Pleiades.::.'.
Sierra.....;..
Victoria.'::...
Coos Bay....
Kan Mateo...
M.. Dollar....
Maridalay....
Ia'qua*.'. . Jy—
Empire;...."."
Aitec:.. •:.*•.:;
Umatllla..". ••
Kureka.;.V.."
Spokane. ....
Hermonthls..
Point Arena..
Golombla.v..
Pomona.,.'...
Edith .'-..'. -."...
Sta. Barbara.
Hong: ' Maru .
O.'.W. Elder..
BonltaVI.V.V.
¦.THanla: •».?•".
State of Cal.V
Chehalls.vv;.
SantaAna: ..
Clty.Puebla:.
Acapulco.:..
NorthForft.;
Sequoia. ......
Rival.-. :...;. |
Columbia. *V: ¦
Seattle . . . . . : Apr. I
Sydney & Way Ports..'. Apr. .1
Oyster Harbor ...:.... Apr. 1
Pan Pedro & "Way Ports. Apr. ' I
Nanalmo . . ; . v . . .... . . . | Apr. ' ¦ 1
San 'Pedro -'. ...V. ...... (Apr. il
CoqulUe River ...... ...Apr. - 2
Ran- Pedro ........ .r. ..[Apr. ' 2
Coos Bay. . . .. : . ... . . . .-.JApr. . 2
Tacoma .... r. ........ V.J Apr. - 2
Puget " Sound Ports. . .'. . I Apr. : 2
Humboldt . I Apr. 2
San Diego A Way Ports Apr. ' 3
Seattle . : '. . . . Apr. ¦ "
Point < Arena i ....... V .; Apr. ¦ 3
Valparaiso &,Way Ports Apr. : 4
Humboldt . .'. . .'..'. .'. .".". Apr. 5
Seattle •:'.'..... Apr. 5
San Pedro.; . : . .". ... Apr."- 5
ChlnA' and Japan. ...... Apr. n
Port&nd & Astoria... . Apr. "5
Newport.*: Way Ports... Apr.' 5
Nanalmo •";¦."¦. .."..".. t :'.":'. Apr. «i
San Diego -& Way' Pts. Apr. «
Orays Harbor : :;.;.. .". .' Apr. «
Seattle & Tacoma •; Apr. - ft
PuRpt Sound ¦Ports:...". Apr.* 1 ?-
Panama & • Way Ports. Apr. : ' 7
Humboldt .:.... .?. Apr. '8
Grays Harbor, . . .'. : :.:: Apr. ' S
Wlllapa Harbor ". . lApr. S
Portland & Astoria . 9 . . . | Apr. 10
O Time Time Time Time
a Ft. Ft. — Ft. Ft.
• H \V L. "W H W L. TV
T 77*6 T2 12:03 1.1 7:28 4.1
X. W H W L. \V H W
2 0:23 3.2 R:S6 4.2 12:52| 1.1 8:10 4.3
3 1:20 2.9 7:06 4.3 1:101 1.1| 8:48J 4.T
4 2:0ft 2.51 8:13 4.4| 2:.:0| 1.11 9:2OI 4.»
5 2:551 2.0! 9:10 4.71 3:14| 1.21 0:521 5.1
6 I 3:38 1.5110:02 4.9 3:54| 1.3|1O:2t 5.:t
,7 4:21 O.UllO:54 S.0| 4:34| 1.5110:551 5.4
Steamer. ¦'/ ..Destination... ; I Sails. I. Pier.
Steamer. >
Destination. .
: -.; .:- *. -,.-,. > » a pr ii 1. ¦ .(
Coronado.. Grays Harbor ..... 5 pmlPler 2
S. .Monica.; Humboldf 4 pm Pier 2
Phoenix...'. Mendoclno City*... 3 pm Pltr lj
Aberdeen.*. Astoria- & Portland. 8 pm Pier 2
Arcata...:. Cobs Bay t Pt Orfd 12 m|Pter l:i
Queen.....' Puget Sound ports. 11 ami Pier I)
Meteor..... Seattle & Tacoma. 6 pmlPler 27
G. Lindauer Grays Harbor..".... ...... {Pier —
...;.-,.. ,....- -.--..April 2.- ¦ |
Xewburg... Grays Harbor • 5 pra|Pler 2
Pomona. J. . Humbbldt '..«.". '. 1:30 piPler U
State Cal. . . San Diego & .Way.. 9 ami I'lr r 11
Arso-.-'V;':. Ferndale& Eel Rlv. 4 pmjPler 2
North Fork. Humboldt ...i..... » amiPler 2
. ,r *. April 3. I
Empire.... Coos Bay . 12 mi Pier 1.1
Mandalay.. Coqullle River |10 amlPier 2
Lakrno. A&torla & Portland. | l» am|Pier '£
Columbia.. Astoria &. Portland. 11 am Pier 2*
J.S.Klmball Seattle & Tacoma.. 10 am Pier 'i
, April 4.
Eureka.'. .'." Humboldt* -• •'•• 9 amjPier la
Coos Bay.. San- Pedro & Way. v amijr'lrr n
-: " • - - •. / April 5. J
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena 2 pmlPler 2
Eureka.."..' Honolulu v. Seattle. 5 pm Pier —
Hyades.. .. Honolulu & Kahului .. Pier 20
. April 0. .
Spokane... San Diego & Way.. 0 amPier,ll
Vinatilla... Puget Sound Ports. 9 am Pier 11
:,-. ,..r-,.:. -April-. 7. ,v;.|- -~ r . -
Curacao...' Mexican Portn 10 amlPier 11
¦ - ' . r. -:. April 8.' | . |
BonIta...".V Newport & Way Ptsi 9 ami Pier 11
G. Elder... Astoria & Po«tlandlll amlPier 2*
Gaelic:. :.. China' & Japan ....[ 1 pm!PMS3
City Sj-dne> Panama & Way Pts|12 m|PMSS
HermonthlJ. Hamburg -,& Way IPier- —
Colombia. . Valparaiso & Way. 12 m|Pter 10
Chehalis... Grays Harbor " 5 pmlPler 2
'•¦¦•-'.> i-.. l Jt ¦¦*¦--• April O.
Alliance... Portland & Way Pts ...... Pier —
:,S.-. ' ''- .-April 1O.
Sierra.'....- Sydney & Way Pts. 10 am Pier 7
Santa Ana.' Seattle' & Tacoma.. 10 am Pier 2
G. Dollar... Grays. Harbor...... 5 pm Pier 2
KivaL.v... Wlllapa Harbor. ... 5 pm|Pler 2
Steamer.
For.
i Sails.
City Topeka. Skag-way & Way; Ports. Apr." 2
Hutnboldt.'. .". Skagway ft-Way Ports. Apr. 4
Farallon. .... Skagway & "Way Ports. Apr. ¦ 5
City Seattle. . Skagway & Way Ports. I Apr. 6
Al-Kl... Skagwar & Way Ports. I Apr.' "S
Bertha.."..".. Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Apr. 15
Santa........ Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Apr. -IS
Cottage City. Skagway & Way Ports. Apr. 13
'.'¦- ¦¦-'. JAKE. JOSEPH.' ReDresentatlve/ 300; Battery ; Street, San Francisco.^ :
d vi s it D R . J ORDAN'S grcat i
pUSEOM^OF ANAf OMM
A - gg 1051 MiilXSSr. bit. 6-l*7ti,S.r.Cil. I
•\- - '" Cj.;' '¦' The Larcest AMtoraical Museum In the V
' B - «i< it" 1 11 ' v --'- < weaknn^es or •any . enntneterf £
™ ¦ ySgfJBfl *»e»se T
O f SJHl ¦ s P e ci» l '«on the Coast.. Kut. 36 years. ©
J jflWjpA DR. JORDAN-DISEASES Qf MEM A
X W ' ISS^fl Consultation free and ttilrtty' prirate.'A
0 1 Mwl Treaiment personally or : by l:il«. ; A fl
T ¦ fir *S W ' Potithn Curt in every e»seundertaken.~f 1 T-
' S 9 v il ©Write for Book.' PRtLOHIIPHY of A
f ' - ; II ni ninniAGE, m ailhd free. ( a t
Y DB'JOBDAN* CO..' IOSt Mnr'gft Hf. S. P. 1 f .
Mrs. Florence Nightingale Belknap, Vice
President San Francisco Round Table, and
a'P^ Pentecost Church
of v that 'City, Cured of Fearful Female
Troubles by Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable
Compound. Read Her Letter.
''Dear Mrs. Pinkham: — I wish to thank you for the benefil
medicine has done me ; I cannot speak too highly in praise o{
it. /After^my child was -born ""I was left in a very bad condition. 1
flowed three .weeks out of the month; I suffered for months, and
finally consulted three physicians. Two of them said I had a tumor,
and the ? third one said I was going into consumption. I was sick
and tired, 'andcould not perform my household duties. Finally a friend
urged'rmf to try IjydiaE. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound.
¦ 1 really',- had iio faith in it, although I had often heard of its wonderful^
cures ;but,the fact- was I: had no faith or interest in anything any
Vrnbre. -I^finally decided to try it ; after the first bottle I felt im-
mensely "better, and after taking the sixth bottle I was entirely
cured, and;felt like a new-woman. I consider it woman's friend, and
would. ne\ r erbe withoutiit in the house. O, what a lot of* misery and
sufferingTcpuld be avoided if all women' only knew of the wonderful
.power of: LydiaE. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound to cure theirills."
:_-— MRS.f.N; Belknap, jl22a Leavenworth St., San. Francisco, Cal.
$500O^FPKPEIT DP THE ABOVE JjTTWW**. T«t rxw.stiiyw..
JJ " * . * " San Franclaco, Tuesday. 1 April, 100J. B
j Three pieces, $2230. | I
I} One entire floor. devoted to sample lines of .our/ bedroom B
H sets. Substantial values' to match any price . you 'want' to pay, . U
a from $16.25 to $2000.00, for a three-piece set. Pictured ? above • " i
§ is a three-piece hardwood set of. honest construction 'and §
fl pood finish. The. material is elm and the color golden brown. U
I. The w-ashstand and dresser ends are paneled and also the head B
M ¦ and foot of bedstead. The bedstead is the usual, double size, n
g and measures 76 inches high at headboard; the dresser has -a I
£ double top, 20 by. 42 inches, and a German bevel mirror. 20 by ' I
a 24 inches: the washstand, also, has a double top.'three; drawers |
h and commode apartment. Price for the- three pieces. $22.50. |
» Our biff illustrated catalog enables out-of-town folks to n
H buy almost as well as though you stood on our floors. Write H
u for the book — it's^free. H
S o — - — '- : ; ¦ o I
[(Successors to California Fumitvrc, Co.) |
557 ro 977 MarKct Street^ Op?. Coidcn Gate Av2nus. J
I }&T0f* MM PjQIN I
o ItTelisYquThatYour Kidneys and •
} yjtal Organs Are Breaking Down. ©_
• ; . ;;!^^k When; you .feel. a pain in your back 9
: g w:- i: * 4^** \ . you had better attend to it. These pains o
2 - v.. *-^ -H * are messages telling you of worn-out v^
§ %"^i^J^ nerves, weak kidneys and weak vitals. ©
q - . S <'Jjp£\ "You know the cause and you know ®
O ... . -V^C^^'V what it means, so look to it in time. •»
¦•.',; <lv\l%L Dr - McLaughlin's Electric Belt will •
® '';¦•. 'l^ifc^ lO^Kv^L. cure in ten days. It restores the warm, p
5 [)¦ ' : *U^J\\ healthy life to the nerves and kidneys. ,
A ''i^/'-'n f J v\ Fi 9k ¦ Alexander Newman, WIntbrop. Cal.. writes. #
A ¦ JT ' ' •¦•"r^KJ •"/ >O / V BO February 10. 1902: "I do not need any more %
*L i '¦__-«C5S fl^5ff a I R. \rSJ ' directions for th<» us<» of your belt, for I am A
L-'^5S^*/0w AS ?\ |QI perfectly well now, and thankful to tell you !r
9 t """^^^N/v^iKr *t I r^ that this fact i» due to your treatment, for be- JJ
A /¦ r-^Pel t \'*3 toTe using it I suffered much from rheuma- 9
M .^<2_:T / <^X ~«U -rr'' tl»m. Tour Electric B«lt has not only relieved 0
S ¦'¦' "^TWJ- &--VV' n Vl' me. but cured me." ¦ • ••
• Fr^^^J L ' -Every man who has a pain or weak- <8>
• ; ;[JMfW~~^ *"Y \ . ness should have one. It saves doctor ©
• ¦ :--' ViMMi^****— bills and lots of trouble. 2
g ' \ngal \ Call and test it free or let me send %
0 :' , ¦ fl you my book describing how I cure. «g
9 - .^ -Ti . if '¦ . Inclose this ad. O
I nD M C Mclaughlin 702 market; street |
% UK* lflt V* i- IVLiCIV^lIiilly (Lotta Fountain). San Francisco. •
• '•'-:-: •'. Office hours— 8 a: : m. to 3:30 p. m.; Sundays 10 to 1. ©
• ;¦ .' " NEVER SOLD BY AGENTS pR DRUG STORES. W
.;'^1>. Com fort >bje traJ^ehng'- on" the TJr Ls
I :j(ilpFoS^ Limited.
vis like the leisurely; rca-ding ofa. delightful illuatr^tcdbook |
|ai||| lililal_ Halifax policemen are said to have each
"'Taint a question .of grammar," ' said
¦'•'•''¦. -Uncle :Sami "
;; Withta. grin'.oh; his wrinkled old phli. :
."rra r the. whole '.United, States! b'gosh. '.'-"•
¦J , And I 1 say .the, United States is!",
/ . ~ '&"?'-• -Chicago Tribune.
, J^ 1 <? * Call ' or nia • elaca fruit. , 50o &
m %\ £xr n l C \ P" s fnt for Eastern friend
C33 Market st.. Palace Hotel buildin" •
Canada has a statesman by the name, of Gourlay,
who, in a recent speech in Parliament, said: '""If 'it
becomes necessary to fight the we: will be
ready to fight them in twenty-four, hours, and after
six months of it we shall capture their capital and an
nex their country to Canada." That is a very good
challenge, but of course we cannot accept until Can
ada whips Great Britain" and makes a reputation in
par class.
•Dr. Edmund J. James! president-elect of North
western *, is * evidently \ planning to .win ' a
nichC in the temple"; of twentieth : century martyrs." v He
says that co-education s 'is • losing ; ground in the great
-American institutions of learning. C '¦
' Special information supplied dally to
business houses and 'public men hv th.
Press Clipping Bureau (Alfen's) & du!
tornia street. Telephone Main. ltMi •
CaL glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend-*.*
x !_* trcn S hoarhour.d candy. Townaend'a.*
Several • officials of ¦: this municipality have filed I an
emphatic protest against paying the premiums on the
bonds which protect the city from '. the acts of .dishon
est officers. An opinion on the matter from cx-
Trcasurcr Widber'might prove timely and valuable. ;
There has been organized in New York an.associa
tion known as the : Burr Legion, with the object of
vindicating the character- of Burr and; furnishing him
with , a good reputation; "and while the - work j when
done will probably; be labor in vain, it is perhaps bet
ter for idle' . New Yorkers to do that than to ! play
ping pong. '•"'•
HIP, HIP, HOORAY— J. A. f City. Hip,
hip, hooray, is another, form of hip, hip,
hurrah. This is probably one of the
oldest and most common of excla
mations. , It has been observed that
hurrah , is one of those " interjections
that men seem to have adopted " in
stinctively. - In India -.and Ceylon • the
Mahouts and attendants cheer on. by
their, continued repetition . of Uh-re-re.
The Arabs and camel drivers in; Turkey!
Palestine find Egypt encourage -their ani
mals to speed by shouting Ar-re-ar-rc.
The Moors in Spain drive their mule3 and
horses by the cry of Arre. In France the.
sportsmen excite the hounds by the cry
of ¦ Harehare, and wagoners turn their
horses by crying Harhaut. . The;herdsmen
of ¦; Ireland 1 and- Scotland shout Hurrish
hurrlsh; It is said by the author: of "The
Queen's English" that the people of
Charnwood, Leicestershire, when they de
sire to hail a person at a distance cry not
Hello, but Helloup., This, he imagines is
a sound of the times -when one said! to an
other "A loup, a loup.V or.aa we would
say, wolf, wolf. Hurrah, again, accord
ing to Mr. Libre, is derived trom the Sla
vonic. Huraj (to . Paradise), which signi
fies that all soldiers who fell' fighting val
iantly went straight to heaven, ;it is evi
dently ah -exclamation common" to many
nations, and is v probably: a corruption af
Tur are (Thor, aid), a battle-cry of the
.ancient^ Norsemen,, though :.soice 'are of
the ..opinion ,that it is . derived from the
Jewish Hosannah. Tb<- word was former
ly invariably, spelled; ; Huz^a . and pro
nounced. Hurray. Hip! hip was 'added to
give the exclamation more einphas's
Home, in" his "Every. Day- Bo6k" saya"
J'There Is no' rising -irom dinner but to
toss off the glass and, huzza' after the hlD
Up. hurray, of the' toast given."
While all that' rage of the elements was under, way
in -the East the people: of California were enjoying r a
day of Arcadian sweetness. Rarely ¦; have earth • and
For more than , a week preceding Easter the
weather of the East/had been unusually stormy and
.severe. Reports from New York City-told of. great
windstorms around that region, during which homes,
barns and churches were 'blown down, cattle killed
and many persons injured by the. falling walls ; of
buildings. From the Mississippi Valley and from the
Southern States reports came of rising rivers, farms
and .towns, swept by swift; rushing. .waters an^rnany,
people u drowned. •" Over Western ';; Pennsylvania and
Southern Ohio the storms seemlto' have been at'their
worst, for the destruction 'in that region? included.' in
its sweep not only- ordinary buildings, but big ""struc
tural .bridges of steel..- ;
EASTER, which dawned over California so
brightly and gave us a day to be remembered
for its serene beauty, came to the people on the ;
wrong side of the Rockies with about every form of
storm that is known to the Weather Bureau. The.
old proverb that if March come in like a lion if will
go out like a lamb .was' refuted this year in that sec
tion, of the Union. Coming in like a lion raging for
destruction, the whole month poured down upon the
East torrents of rain that flooded wide regions of
"country irom Maine to Louisiana and lashed the
waters by v/inds that in many cases amounted to ter
rific tempests. Not a* week went by without bringing
a report of some catastrophe caused by ¦ floods or
winds, and Easter, Suuday became a day of something
like terror by reason -of the fearful disasters that took
place in so many, houses of worship while the services
; of the day were going on.
AN EASTER CONTRAST.
• The amount of force a man uses up in
.winking; is " truly : appalling. Our. statis
tician calculates that' the average man in
a single year opens and shuts' his "eycs'.nb
less than ,95,000,000 times; and In doing this
uses- force, enough -altogether to'-' raise '.an
electric: car^ filled ..with passengers. : Con
sequently^- In : : sixty ? years , he develops
enough .; force ! to .: wink sixty trolley : cars
off the track. [This is the.moderate/aver
age, .sober,'. respectable •_ man,' ' mind , ; you,
not the f frivolous 'person., who winks ; at
all; the; pretty 'girls he | sees/: The , "wink
•power" by- &'¦ flirtatious -man
probably ,1s? "'enough "to run New' York's
new. subway system. ; - : , . j
When such a man has reached the age
of.60 he will ; have spent his time as fol
lows, according to the statistician: Twen
ty, years In sleep, three- years and^nine
months in. eating; 'seventeen years and
six months In working;; seven years and
six months in the pursuit of pleasure;: six
years and. three months in walking and
other exercises; two years and six months
in making his toilet, and six months* in
doing, absolutely nothing. •':. The item {for
toilet • he r; subdivides -. into ¦ seven tnonths
shaving, eleven months washing arid-'one
year'dressing..,.'' ,..';. 'i.'-i'
"Persons mathematically inclined -can
find the flaws in these figures— if there are
any: 'most'; people 'will be content to, take
, them on faith. Ej This remarkable dlssec ter
'. of human ' llf e • by : the \ mathematical pro
cess has also \ discovered, •; he says; : that
' the .average man. speaks . 11,800,000 words a
year and'shakes hands .1200 times, thereby
using up energy , enough, in fifty ; year j' to
lift : 2500 ; tons. ;¦; ;
•; A man with a mania for figuring and
hot enough to do to keep him out of mis
chief has been making, calculations re-i 1
garding the. manner in which the life To it
the "ordinary man, who both works and
plays, is, divided up. .,; : - . .;
Force Wasted in Winks.
SEWER ASSESSMENT— Sub., Vallejo,
Cal.. Unless a city, as such, makes sewer
improvements it cannot have property
sold for delinquent assessment and give
a title through a court to the property.
It is the usual custom for a city to let a
contract, and the value of the work per
formed becomes a Hen on the property,
and if not paid the contractor commences
an action in a court of competent juris
diction, and a deed issued upon judgment
in the case is valid, provided all. the requi
site conditions by the contractor have
been complied with.
Discussing municipal government in New York
Bishop Potter said recently thai. at one city election
he made an inquiry and found that along both sides
of Fifth avenue from Washington Square to Central
Park only thirty-eight residents remained at' home to
vote. The rest had gone off for some kind of amuse
ment. San Francisco' hardly makes a better show
ing of public spirit, and it is time for prominent citi
zens to', start a reform, movement .among themselves.
j RESIDENCE— Subscriber, Cloverdale,
Cal. A man may have a h6use that is
part in one county and part in the ad
joining county, but he cannot claim a
legal residence in two counties at one
and the same time. If he does not want
.to move the house, .which, as in the case
cited, is standing across the county line, he
would have to make his home on -either
side of the county line and claim resi
dence in the county chosen.'
In vain the Frenchman explained that
the hotel wa3 welcome to cut out the
sketch and have it framed. He said any
cafe in Paris would prize such a tribute
from his pen and would have' It framed
for hanging on the wall of the dining
room. As he explained he kept on draw-
Ing,- until the head waiter could stand it
no longer and had him deposited on the
sidewalk. *¦. , -
The Frenchman was. sadly offended. In
deed, if the whole troth was told, he wa3
angry, as angry as he had ever been In
his life. He crossed Fifth avenue at the
risk of bein^ run down by the stream of
cabs. When he was safe on the opposite
curb he turned and faced the hotel. H13
rage hardly permitted him to speak, but
at last he succeeded.
teV^Kgh'his'teeth^ *'¦*"« th « *»-
"I make you a very fine sketch, to which
I attach presently my own. name," replied
the artist, continuing to make llnea.
"I tell you to stop spoiling the table
cloth," repeated the head waiter.
. "You must not mark up the linen." said
the "lord of the dining-room. "It is
against the rules."
He dined alone one evening at the Hol
land House. .and he was well pleased with
his dinner. While lingering over a cordial
he decided to 3how his approval of- the
meal and service by drawing ah elaborate
sketch on the immaculate linen cloth
which covered the table. A waiter dis
covered him and protested "mildly. The
Frenchman waved him to one side and
continued to draw. It was a Paris cafe
scene .which he was iLtims, and he was
interested.* The waiter went to the head
waiter and complained that the artist was
spoiling the table cloth.
A story is going the rounds of New York
studios Just now which deals with the ex
perience of a French 'artist who is not
unknown to fame in his own country and
who recently visited New York. He has
since returned to Paris, and the story can
be told, though the artist must remain
nameless.
/Unappreciated Art.
HOTEL— E. W. S., City. If you desire
to adopt the English pronunciation in
speaking of hotel and drop the h, it < is
then proper to say "an 'otel," but if you
adopt the American pronunciation and re
tain the h, then it is proper to say "a
hotel," under the -rule that a should be
used before a consonant and an before a
vowel.
PATENTED LAND— F. H. G., City. If
a man has taken up Government land,
has complied with all the requirements
and has . obtained a patent to the . land
from *the^ United States Government, that,
unless there should have been fraud prac
ticed, in which case the patent would /be
set aside, guarantees to the settler all
the right that a deed does."
CENTRAL PACIFIC— A. S.. City. If
by the question, "When did the first
train run east over the Central Pacific
Railroad?" you mean the -time that a
train carried passengers to the eastern
limit of the line, then the answer is May
10, 1S69. - .
/ AUTHOR WANTED— A.' S., City. This
correspondent wants the name of the
author of a poem. ; called . "Old , Ace," the
first line of which Is, "What^pleasure can
compare?" Can any of -the readers of
this department furnish the, name? .
FOR THE BOERS— H., Yuba City. Cal.
If you desire to join the Boer army«you
will have to .go. to the Transvaal at your
own expense and . officers .will enlist you
if they think' favorably Qi your offer.
The dates given are the years when the
resolutions were passed. The actual pre
sentation 'was' usually deferred until the
distinguished individual visited the ' me
tropolis. In Van Buren's case this was
more than three ; years. It will be noted
that thirty-six . years have elapsed since
this honor, has been conferred 'on any
one. No such interval can be found in all
the list, the next longest, 1795 to 1812, be
ing less than half as long. : ',""¦
1866— President Johnson.
Referring; to the visit of Prince Henry,
a correspondent of the New York Times
calls attention to the fact that it is not
the first time the freedom of the city of
New York has been bestowed upon a Eu
ropean of royal rank. And he corrects
the statement that the "last to receive
this freedom was the. Marquis de Lafay
ette in 1824." He shows that the Marquis
received this, honor in 1784, and that it was
his son, George Washington de Lafayette,
who was honored in 1824., He gives what
he believes, to be a correct list of the per
sons to whom the freedom of the city has
been tendered, as follows :
1784 — Governor George Clinton, . General
Washington', John Jay, Marquis de Lafay
ette and ."Major General Baron Steuben.
1791—Major l'Enfant. .
.1795 — Alexander Hamilton. . .
1812— Robert Fulton, Captain Hull, Cap
tain Jacob Jones and Commodore Deca
tur. . '' - ,
. 181S— Commodore Bainbridge, Captain
Lawrence and Commodore Perry. ¦
1814— Commodore Macdonough, General
Brown and General Macomb. ¦
; 1815— Captain Charles Stewart.' :
i 1819— Andrew Jackson.
' 1824— George Washington de^ Lafayette.
1S29— Martin Van Buren.
1832— Commodore Patterson.
1847— Generals Taylor, and Scott.
1848— Commodore Matthew C. Perry and
Frederick Jerome "(a seaman, for conspic
uous bravery). ¦ .
'1850— David Cook (under similar circum
stances).
1854— Robert Creighton and Edwin , J.
Low (for a like cause).
1861— Major Anderson.
1862— Thurlow. Weed, (in spite of, the
veto of Mayor Opdyke). • ...
1863— Rear Admiral Farragutr •
186t— Vice Admiral Farragut and Captain
Perdval Drayton. . '¦ ' • - .
N?w York Honors Many.
THE WOODWARD BROTHERS—
Point Arena, Cal. One of the two Wood
ward brothers who shot and killed Sheriff
Ricker of Casper, Wyo., is named Charles
and his brother is named Harry.
The story is an old one, but it can never be repeat
ed too often so long as good men neglect their po
litical duties. The San Jose example should be a
warning to San Francisco, and to the State at large.
Over and over again, with each succeeding elec
tion, an opportunity is offered to the better elements
of the people to elect competent men to office, but
again and again the registration reports show that
thousands are indifferent to the right of suffrage, and
when the votes are counted after election the results
show that those who neglected to register were not
those who make up the gangs of the bosses.
Th-e example of these negligent citizens of San
Jose comes as a timely warning to the people of
other cities of California. There are a good many
elections of one kind or another to be held this
year, and for every on6 of them registration is neces
sary. The citizen who does not register cannot vote,
and he who cannot .vote counts for nothing at the
polls. He is a political nullity in his community, no
matter how prominent he may be in trade., the pro
fessions or in society. This is a government by vot
ers and not by dignitaries, and from a political stand
point no man counts as a good citizen, or even as a
citizen at all, unless he. registers.
When election day comes the bosses will round
their gangs to the polls without missing a single vote,
iut the leaders who 2re striving for honest govern
ment will find many a good citizen lamenting that he
cannot respond to the appeals made to him, and
mourning that he cannot cast a vote for honesty be
cause he neglected to register. 'Then if the gangs
carry the day and a corrupt government be imposed
upon the city the negligent ones will be heard criti
cizing, croaking, growling and complaining about
boss rule. Having made no effort to save the city
from such domination they will quiet "their, con
sciences by talking loudly of reform and good gov
ernment.
That the corrupt or corruptible elements of the
voting population have registered goes without say
ing. To them an election is a matter of business.
They have bosse's to serve and schemes to support,
and they are duly sent to the registration office so
that none may fail 011 election day. To the. better
elements of the people a city election is also a matter
of business, and of very business at that,
but they do not deem it so. It is apparently to them
a trouble and a vexation. They prefer to have noth
ing to do with it. They do not register.
The reports from which these conclusions are
drawn are not the Reports of critics, nor of reformers.
They come from the registration office. A city elec
tion is soon to take place in San Jose and those who
wish to vote and have a voice in determining who
shall administer the ? flairs of the municipality must
register. The report says: "There are about 5500
voters in the city limits, and although registration
for the city election, which occurs May 19, has been
in progress about two months, only 3500 voters have
registered. This leaves at least 2000 yet to register."
CITIZENS of San Jose have a beautiful city
to be proud of. if they would govern it right
ly, and a golden future immediately before
them, if they would make good use of the opportuni
ties of the present. It is in their power not only to
advance their own interests and the welfare of the
city, but to set a good example of civic patriotism
and energy- that would benefit the entire State. It
appears, however, from reports that a considerable
mumber of them have r.o such patriotism, but are in
different alike to needs of the present and the promise
cf the future. While they may be proud 'of their
city, they ere not- ambitious to make the; city proud
of them, and instead of setting a good example to
citizens of other places they prefer to be pointed to
fcs a warning.
SALARIES— A. O. S., City. The salary
of the Treasurer of the United States is
$6000 per annum;- that of the Controller
of the Treasury J5000 and, that of the
Registrar of the Treasury is $4000.
A SAN JOSE EXAMPLE.
WASHINGTON. March 31.— The follow
lng Caltfornlans have arrived at the ho
tels:""
•: From San Francisco— H. H. Johnson,
Mrs. J. Bullmah, at the National; Charles
Nelson and wife, Mrs. Wheeler, at the
Shoreham; C. S. Young, at the Arlington.
From Los Angeles— B. E. Green, L. H.
Green, at the Arlington.
Calif oraians in Washington.
NURSES— Sub,. Berkeley, Cal. Mrs.
McKinley had more than one nurse, bo
Miss. Hunt, who attended her during her
illness, has a. right, to say. that she was
Mrs. McKInley's nurse. . ;
DENTAL SURGEON— C. C. G.. City. A
dentist in the United States army Is
known as a contract dental surgeon. He
is not a commissioned omcer. His pay Is
)150 and allowances.
MRS.. ROOSEVELT— N. M., Hickman,
Stanislaus County, Cal. President Roose
velt was married to Miss Edith Kermit
Carow of New York in 1886.
San Jose— C. F. Fleming,' at the Astor.
NEW YORK, March 31.— The following:
Calif ornians have arrived:
San Francisco— Dr. Spaulding, Dr. F..P.
Topping, R. H. Hug, at the Park Avenue;
H. C. Whyo, at the Herald Square; J. B.
Harrold,' at the Manhattan; "A. Stillmari,
W. M. Stillman; at the Hoffman. : ;
'Los'Angreles^Li.' Isaacs, at the Cadillac;
F. W. Worcester, at the Broadway Cen
tral.
Calif ornians in New York.
CHATSWORTH PARK— S. M., San
Mateo, Cal., Chatsworth Park is in Los
Angeles County, distant 495 miles by rail
from San Francisco.
TUESDAY. ..... . . . .". . . '. ...... .APRIL i, 1902
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Prbprieto^^
kttnu All CcBBuiettloni to tr. 8. LEAKS, ifiBigtr.
MA> AGUn'S OFFICE Telephone Pre»*^S04
PUBLIC ATI OX OFFICE. ..Market mud Third, S. F.
Telephone Press 201.
EDITORIAL ROOMS..... 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Press 202.
Delivered by Carrier*. 15 Cents Per Week.
,' Slnffle Copies. 5 Cents.
Terms by Mall. Including: Postage t
DAILY CALL. {Including Sunday), one year ..$6.00
DAILY CALL (Including- Sunday), 0 months 3.00
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday). 3 months 1.K0
DAILY CALL— By Single Month «5c
SUNDAY CALL. One Year '. 1.50
WEEKLY CALL, One Tear . 1.00
AH postmasters are authorised to receive
subscriptions.
Sample coplea will be forwarded when requested.
Stall subscribers in' ordering chance of address should be
particular to rive bo£h NEW AND OLD ADDRESS in order
to insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE.. ........'. ...1118 Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGNESS.
Ktugtr rareiga AirtrtUiag, Kar(«ttt« Bnildia». Cftictt).
(Long Distance Telephone "Central 2619.")
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTOX .Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN II. SMITH ...30 Tribune Building
C: CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House; P. O. News Co.: Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
WASHINGTON (D. C> OFFICE. . '. .14O« G St.. W. W.
BIORTOA E. CRAXE, Correspondent.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano. 31 Union Square;
Murray Hill Hotel. K-.'V: zi'-fil]
BRAXCII O.FFICES— 627 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
cntll 9:30 o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. «33
McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clock. 615 Larkln. open until
9:30 o'clock. 1941 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261
Market, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1006 Va
lencia, open until 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9
o'clock. NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open
until 9 o'clock. S200 Flllmore. 'open until 9 p. ro.
A. QUARTER- J. B.. Ukiab, Cal. No
premium is offered for » a. quarter of 1S05.
Such can be purchased from dealers for
65 cents.
THE RIO JANEIRO-L. M. W., Oak
land, Cal. The number of lives lost by
the foundering of the Rio Janeiro was
122. . '¦-:¦¦. ¦ '.
BRIGHAM YOUNG-rA. S., City. Brig
ham Young died on the 29th of August,
1877. . :
CHICAGO-A. S., City." In 1869 the pop
ulation of the city of Chicago was 334,270.
"What are they?"
"Her father's ability to pay for the les
sons Is the ." principal one."— Cleveland
Plain Dealer. *
"It ought to i be Instant electrocution.
But I suppose there are extenuating cir
cumstances."
"What's going on next door?"
"The music teacher is trying Miss Gur
gle's voice."
"What do- you ' suppose the verdict will
be?"' •. ¦'¦i^-y-
"Tes, they coaxed the girl from Bos
ton'to hang up her stocking." |t". '.".'. .-, :V
"Well?" ;'
"Well, somebody put one of those Ions
striped candy canes In it."
"Yes." . : :£.~i..
"And there wasn't room for anything
else." — Cleveland • Plain Dealer.
Uttle Helen had gone-to church for tho
first time, and while there they sang, the
well-known song, "Jesus Is Calling To
day." When- she got home her mother
asked her who was there, and she said:
"Oh, everybody except Jesus, and he
was out calling." — Chicago Little Chroni
cle. . ¦•> '-.*/•>'
The courtroom was hotter than the Sou
dan in a sandstorm. The Judge was a
wreck, the Jury had wilted.
"Your honor and gentlemen," said the
attorney for the defense, "I will Indulge
In no heated- argument," but proceed at
once to marshal the cold facts."
• And he won. his case.— Cleveland' Plain
Dealer. '• ¦'¦, ¦. ;• v. v/j^.-V
Whereupon a nervous gentleman arose
and retorted: "It wouldn't when I was
going to school."
Then the crowd, reminded of school
days, looked at the nervous gentleman
and smiled approval.— Omaha World-Her
ald. . -VV/V. '-¦¦'
"History repeats itself," remarked the
gentleman who is addicted to quotations.
Belle— Well, he's a good Judge, He runs
an ostrich farm, you know.— Philadelphia
Record.
. Nell— Mr. Weston paid- me Quite a com
pliment at dinner last evening. He told
me 1 ate like a bird.
Church— 13 Dauber, the artist, high la
his profession? . . *
Gotham— Well, yes; he asks as much, as
any of 'em for his pictures.— Tonkers
Statesman. . .
"How could that be?"
"Some of the boys thought I needed
more muscle, and they persuaded me to
go to a physical Instructor for a course
in athletics. He was something of a
Bertillon crank, besides, and when ha
took my measurement he found I was
wanted. in Louisville for burglary."—Cm
ca^o Tribune.
"What brought you here?"* Inquired tha
philanthropic visitor at the Jail.
"Physical instruction, ma'am,* replied
the inmate of cell No. 27.
"It doesn't act that way -with me," Bald
the man with the coffee and dOTignnnts.
"When I eat llmbtrrger cheese I dont
have an appetite for anything untU about
the third day afterward."— Chicago Trib
une.
"They say," remarked the man." 1 'With
the napkin under his chin, "that taXLag
limburger cheese gives ona an appetita
for beer."
M. E. Dittman, a mining man ' of Red
ding, ¦« here on a short business trip and
has made his headquarters at the Grand.
S. D. Rosenstock, a well-known shoe
manufacturer, who "resides permanently
at the Palace Hotel, is seriously ill.
George Parsons of New York, accom-i
panied by. his family, is touring the coast.
They are at present at the Palace.
H. M,' Porter, a well-known resident of
Denver.^ is at the Palace, accompanied by
his wife. -\
George B. Katzensteln. a fruit shipper of
Sacramento, is among, the arrivals at the
Palace.
Edward Graves of Washington, D. C, is
among the arrivals at the Palace.
A.-S. Eisen, a vineyardist of Fresno, is
speeding a few. days at the Grand.
CM. Wells, ex-Fire Commissioner, of
Lcs Angeles, is registered at the Grand.
Mrs. Passav— Everybody says my
daughter got her beauty from m«. "What
do you say to that?
Mr. "Witts— Well. I think It was very;
unkind of her to take it from you.
PERSONAL MENTION.
SOME ANSWERS
TO QUERIES BY
CALL READERS
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
The issue applies to all men in the North/ and it
is a melancholy spectacle to. see Northern Democrats
with; faces shining with pleasure x in apparent enjoy
ment of being reduced from equal citizenship and
shorn of their, equality ,'as citizens. It'was hoped that
the Northern "dough -face" had ceased to appear in
ouf politics. / . vv ' v ' _; . ' : . ' /
§ The Crumpacker resolution may not pass now.
The issue; may not be joined. But when all the
Northern people have a chance to understand! that
"the Southland" is enjoying representation based on
a negro population that, is forbidden. to yotey and that
the constitution requites that the ballot and the ap
portionment shall go together, then such a resolution
will pass, for the. North has too much, self-respect to
accept the degradation of such inequality.
Go on leaping; no one wants -to stop you, Mr.
Bellamy. Btit you can't deprive nearly half your
population of representation and continue to count
it in the basis of representation, because that is ; for
bidden by the constitution. ¦ ' •
Mr. Bellamy continued: "Right here, in passing,
let me say if we are not disturbed in the peace and
security that now prevail and never through negro
domination again have our treasury squandered and
our taxes made more burdensome than we can bear
and bur- people become, demoralized, that we will leap
rapidly to the front and become the greatest manu
facturing State; in the Union." , < ;.¦ ¦¦'. ;-.;',-> ¦. :
If it is sectionalism for the North to insist upon its
equal rights, so be it. It does not propose to take
from the South a single right that belongs* to it un
der the: constitution. It could not do so if it wished.
But the South proposes to hold on to a right of
which the? constitution specifically deprives .it. and
the unconstitutional enjoyment of which degrades the
equality of the North.
Now all that is very fine, but it does not touch the
issue. The constitution says that the much dreaded
black cloud is the sols condition upon. which negroes
shall be counted in the basis of representation; when
"the sunlight of hope" gets into business it transacts
withythe cloud and the apportionment at the same
time. If only white men are permitted to vote in the
Southland, then only white men can be counted in
the basis of representation. The; North proposes '.no
interference in the domestic concerns of the South,
but it docs propose to take car\ of its own interests,
which depend upon its equality in this Government.
¦ The, position of the Southland is the grossest, most
despicable and sinister interference in the domestic
concerns of the North. It is a denial to every North
ern-man of his proper constitutional equality; with
every Southern man. This cannot be obscured by all
the tropes and metaphors '. and hypocritical heroics
that can load the air with sound in that section.. V
Mr. Bellamy of North Carolina, wHile discussing
the river and harbor.billin the House, and, charac
teristically, trying to increase the appropriations
therein for his State, took occasion to discuss the
negro question. It is interesting that .he, like all of
them, admits, unconscious that it •_ closes their case
adversely, that their new franchise 'laws, are for the
express purpose of depriving negroes of the ballot.
He is quoted in the Record as saying: "For nearly
a third of a century a "black cloud, the menace of
negro domination, has been hovering over the South.
And just at this period, when we are about to peace
fully "settle the racial question, when peace and con
tentment are , prevailing throughout the Southland,
when our people had begun to study the great eco
nomic questions of this country rather than partisan
politics, when the sunlight of hope had begun to
disperse forever that black cloud and solve the race
question peacefully forever, we are startled and
awakened by another effort to interfere in our do
mestic concerns, stir up sectional strife and bitter
ness, and tear the gaping wound afresh."
IT is both amusing and .amazing to read the ex
pressions of some of the Southern Congressmen
upon the proposition to investigate the basis; of
representation in that section. They treat it as no
body's business whether they have fifty or sixty more
Representatives . and more electoral votes than they
are entitled to under the constitution. If they have been;
so ingenious in eliminating the fc negro vote that it
will stand judicial tests, that is their- business. But
the constitution says that when the negro voter is
denied that right all negroes shall be removed from
the basis of representation, and that is the business of
the whole country. The South again desires to; be
let alone while it treats the negro as unfit for repre
sentation in the Government, but uses "him to in
crease its representation in the Government. That is
the question, and the only question, involved. ,
THE SOUTH- AND THE NEGRO.
THIS IS THE GOI^ BRACELET PRESENTED TO MISS ROOSEVELT BY PRINCE^HENBT AS I A GOT^FROM THE
We have been told that : the organization of' self
governing; municipalities is progressing rapidly; . in
the Philippines, but the Manila Critic reports that
the other day 'Goyernor^Johnson-of the province of
Isabella sent! word to the various' "presidentes":
"You will please have the municipal council pass at
once an ordinance prescribing the attendance on all
days of study at some public' school of all children
between the- ages of seven and fifteen who are not
enrolled within some private school." Whether .it
be wise to force education upon a people who do not
wish it is a. question, butthe power. of a Governor to
command a municipality to enact any ordinance he
desires is certainly not' American.
The latest that has come under our observation- is
an Eastern magazine article on irrigation, written by
Colonel Chitttnden. Searching for a figure to char
acterize the impolicy of opposing irrigation because
of the land it would bring into action! he says: "We
might as well object to the vast fruit production of
Southern California." This carries the impression
that Northern California produces no fruit. . «As a
matter of fact, of the-83,729 ten-ton carloads of fruit
and fruit products •exported by this State last year
48,450 carloads were from Northern and 35,279 from
Southern California. But of the Southern export
30,298 carloads were citrus fruits, leaving only 4981
carloads of miscellaneous fruits. Orange culture in
Northern California covers. a vast stretch of country
from Porterville to Oroville, but i& in its infancy, so
that Northern California exported only 2088 carloads;
but she sent to market 46,362 carloads of miscella
neous fruits. It is evident, then, that Colonel Chit
tenden'should have said "the fruits of California,"
and refrained from an incorrect division of the State.
Northern California simply has her eggs in more bas
kets than Southern California and that means a va
ried and profit-promising basis for her prosperity.
This State long ago passed into a figure of speech.
One of the Prime Ministers of Great Britain, deliver
ing the address as Lord Rector of Edinburgh Univer
sity, desired to find a materiaPantithesis to illustrate
the value of education, and he said: "In .place of
education, if offered the wealth of California, which
should be chosen?" \^w -. •
,Lef us extend the monopoly of Southern California
enterprise until, like a beneficent octopus, it grasps
the whole State. Then real knowledge of California
will be spread abroad. We want to get, the whole
conTmon wealth into literature. Italy enjoys her pres
ent profitable reputation because from ancient days
until now her clement climate, her sunny skies, her
olives, oranges and vines have been in literature. She
was accessible from the damp and foggy climate o,f
the British Isles and from' cold Northern Europe,
and their poets have srng and their artists have paint
ed.the charms of Italy for fifteen hundred years. Now
the harp and the brush are celebrating California,
and it, is well. But,,_tt:rning to the present day and
practical* side of it,~ the yivrong impressions that are
abroad should be corrected.
Everybody gees, or wants to go, to Southern Cali
fornia. The stream of winter travel there has grown
to be a flood, which overruns the capacity of hotels
farter than they can be built, and no, one ever heard
of a visitor that^escaped the enchantment of that sec
tion of the State; Under .such circumstances it is no
wonder that hundreds of thousands of people think
that, having seen Southern California, they have seen
all there is of the State. It is true that having seen
that they have seen more that is enjoyable, charming,
conducive to pleasure and useful to jaded nerves and
wheels run down than can be found* in any other
country in the world, but they have seen only a small
part of it and only a fraction of California.
An exploration of the whole State would .show
them it enjoys a common climate and a community
of productions throughout its whole length. South
ern. California has had a 'monopoly, however, albeit
not of physical. conditions. These are" not due., to
man and he deserves* no credit for their ,-existence.
The monopoly of the south is to the credit of her
people/ They created it and deserve to enjoy its
fruits. It is a monopoly of enterprise, a monopoly
of a common purpose, promoted by a common en
ergy. In this the>\ are deserving of all praise and
our sincerest flattery of their achievements is in the
form of our determination to imitate them. They
know what they want and/ they seek it in company.
When a rope has to be pulled on, they all pull.% One
does not take hold and. cry, "Yo heave ho!" arid all
the rest cut his line or try to beat his hands until
they drop it. All take hold and they raise such a
chorus of "Yo heave Ko!" that it has come to be
heard ground the world. ; .'•,-
Sojourhcirs^ in; San Francisco' in the summer,- who
have come by steamer from the north and departed
by the same means for the south, have tales to tell
about the cold July here, the brisk winds, the sealskin
coats and parasols carried by the ladies in midsum
mer; and, by comparison, of the clement weather and
caressing zephyrs of; the 1 south. "Whereupon they
proceed - to conclude that Northern California is
touched, by the. polar isotherm, while the southern
part pi the State enjoys a. northerly curve in the equa
tor." ':'¦ ¦ _"¦;.¦ '."'.• ¦ .' - ¦¦ ¦ ¦
QNE can hardly read anything that appears, in
the East about California without • encoun
tering, evidence that the* State is butf^little
understood by those who ha'ye never visited it , and
by those who have seen only part of it.
sky :been- more in harmony than .with us on that day
of i festival; .^Living. in jthej glow of £the sunshine v and
the beauty 'of the flowers, it wbuld^have been difficult
for us to comprehend how the breezes that blow so
healthfully and -pleasantly here could.be. akin to the
"destructive elemental forces that wrought 'ruin, wreck
and death over the East. :
MISTAKES ABOUT THE STATE.
GIFT OF THE GERMAN EMPEROR
TO THE PRESIDENT'S DAUGHTER
THE SAN FKAXCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRII, 1, 19Q2.
Dt. Sanf ord's Liver Invigorator.
Be»<XtverMedlctne. Vegetable Cure forXJverltlk.
Billouweea. Indication. Constipation MiSrU^
r The, incorrigible 'local youth 'who tried to kill him
self the other dayvbecause ;he . was to be placed in ; an
institution where he can do no harm deserves sincere
sympathy. He should have succeeded.
6
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Grand Opera-houne — "The Empress Theodor*."
Fischer's Theater — "Little Christopher."
California — Al. ,G. Field Greater Minstrels.
Tlvoll — "The Serenade.'*
Central — "The Sleeping: City."
Alcacar — ¦Brother John."
Columbia — "The Christian."
Sherman-Clay Hall— Concert.
Oakland Racetrack — Race* to-day.
- A2CUSEXENT&.THE O-A.X,I-i ; S K,A.OI3SIO FORM CHART
OAKLAND^BACETR^K^^^day.^Mj^cJh^l^^W^a^h J.
3521. FIRST RACE— Mile "and 50 yards; selling;. three-year r oltl8 and up;' t'o'flfst; $325/ '*
RESULTS O F MONDAY RACING AT OAKLAND TRACK
' . I ~ I - : ~ I •--. ¦ -. ~" Betting.
Index Hone, Age, Weight. St. " %. : #. Str. . Fin. , . Owner and Jockey. . Op.-r>Cl.-'.
S. r >09 Windward, 6..... 101 :i 5 2 '3 1 2 4. In Hennossy &. C6.\ Jackson 6-5 Ili5 "
3496 Fridolin,: 4.. 92 -'4i. 1"1 : 1 n I n 2 (i G. W. Scott, r.Winslette 2 7-5
S609 Captivate. 4.... ..100 7 :.2.n 2 1& 3 2 3 1 P. Hildreth. .V... . .'.Hoar 10-15
3475 Invlctus, 4........ 94 5 72 6 2 4 '.4 4 5 James Wilson. ..Treanor .. 30 . 20.
3009 Satan 5...;. ,100 2 3 1 4«. 5 1 5 4 Mrs. .Baird.-. .Fauntleroy '10 {12'
3490 Light Ball. • 4. 94 6 6 14 7 h 6 1 6 % A. H. Vlvell......Knapp f? (i ; .' 6 .
3497 Mythrox. 3... .... 88 8.9 8 0 10 7h 7 1 Elmwood Farm: ..Butler 30 ¦ 30
3457 Gold Baron. 6.... 102 3 8 2 8 % 8 3 8 5 H. L. Haskell... Bell 30 50
3406 Pencil Me, 4. .....102 0 4 n 5 1 9 10 9 10. Alaska Stable. ... .'.Flick 30 50
3496 Tlng-a-Llng, 5...102 10 10 10 10 10 C. W. Chappell.. .Stuart 20 50 .
Time— H. :24%; %, :49; %, l:15Vi: mile, 1:42; lm 50yds,, 1:45. Good start. Won- first
three driving. Winner,- Hennessy & Co.'s b. h. by Fonso-Mabel Duffy. Jackson outflnished
Wlnslette. Captivate quit. . Invlctus ran a fair race under weak handling. Pencil Me found .
the route too -t aty _ Scratched — Fondo 100, . Whajebacktg :^^^^^^_^_^^^^___^^__^_^
3522. SECOND RACE— Four furlongsV selling; two-year-olds; to'flrst, $325: :~ !
~7 .. ¦• • '¦ ¦ . ¦ . • ~T~ .. ¦ . ¦ , ¦ . . -~ i ' ~~ Betting. ..
Index Horse and Weight. St. 34. %. ¦ Str. Fin. Owner and -Jockey. Op..'Cl.
3516 Lizzie Rice....*.. .105 3 ..'. 13, 11 In W. L. Stanfleld.. Jackson 7-5 .6-5
(3474) Nigrette .........103 2 ...... 2 h 2 3 2 4 Jennings & Co... L. Daly 5-2 2
Maxette ... ;.98 7 ... 42 3 % 34 Burns & Waterhs.. Ranch 5-5
(3504) Guida ...-.103 6' ... 3h 4 2 4 3 A. B. SpreckeIs..Brodlen 10 .20
3504 Donami .......'.. .106 .4 ... 5 1 5 1 • 5 1 . : Mont. Stable.. Fauntleroy . 12~-: 40 ¦
3504 Trim 105 5- ... 6 1 6 2 0 1 El Primero Stable... See 40 100
3510 Sftbinal 101 1 ... 7 2 7 1 7 2 G. W. Scott... Winslette 50 200 •
3492 Josfe Wheeler.... 98 8 . ..8 6 85 84 E. I. Wheeler Dyer 50. 200
3504 Ella E ......100 9. ... 9 . ,9 9 S. MeNaughton. V..:Hoar ' 20" "100
Time— % : ,"- :24%; %. :49. Good start. Won first three driving.' Winner. W. L. StanHeWs ,
gr. f. by Captive-Letra. "Winner outbroke her field. Nigrette closed very strong. -Maxette
ran a nice race after getting away none too well. Donami quit very early. Scratched —
Fire Dance 100, Horatius 109. • -
3533. THIRD RACE— Six furlongs; selling; three-year-olds; to first. $325. "
T~ i Tj ; ' I Betting.
Index Horse and Weight. 1 St. ¦ %. %. Str. Fin. Owner ' and Jockey. . Op. Cl.
3394 Evander .109 8 31 3 5 . 3 5 1 ns Fisher & Co. ... . . . .Hoar 5 , 5-2
3503 Killdoe ..109 4. 2 % 2n 21 2 4 B. Schreiber. Troxler 6 •'.- 0 ¦
3502 E. M. Brattain... 110 3 1,1% 11 .1 h 3h W. L. Stanfleld.. Foucon 6 ,8
.tr.O.'i Malaspina ..107 8 1 Vi 7 3 5 % 4 1 Mallowmot S. F.. Jackson 3' ¦ 4'
3497 Rublno 109 9 51 6162 51 S. Bowley fc Co Prior 10 20
3017 Rosewar 107 2 4 % 5 1 4 h 6 5 Burns & Waterhs.. Ranch 3 3
3431 IO U 104 7 8 181 8 1 7 10 C.W. Chappell... Stuart 50 100 .
3517 Inocencia 107 1 6%'4^4 7 14 '81 G. W. Baldwin. .L. Daly "20 30 .
i :W58 Phyllis TV.:. 107 6 9 1 9 1 9 10 9 15 El Primero Stable... See 10 " 20
3384 Senator Bruce.. ..112 lfr 10 10 10 10 Clayton & Co. .....Flick 20-80
Time— Vt. :24%; %, :40%; %. 1:15. Good start. Won first three "driving. Winner, W.
Fisher & Co.'s b. g. by The Greek-Peril. Toss up at the close. E. M. Brattain stretched
It out farther than usual. Malasplna away poorly. Rubino had a rough trip. Rosewar
on outside of the bunch all the way. Scratched — Evea G 107. Legal 1CO.^ . - . ~ .
352 i. FOURTH RACE— 1 1-16 miles; W r est Oakland handicap; 3-yr.-olds & up; to flrst, $400. . . ;
I : :^ ~ ' ~~ ~* : '¦ '.'.-¦ -.-'.; ~~. Betting. '
Index I Horse, Age, Weight. St. Y t . Vs. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
3508 MacGyle. 5 98 6 2 2 3h 3 % 1 ns lElmwood Farm.. Ransch : G 10
3506 Rio Shannon, 5. .105 3 12 121n 2% J.Coffey..... Fauntleroy ; : 5 7
3500 Position 5 .102 2 7' 6 % '2 n -3 6 D. S. Fountain. . .Stuart 3 ' 16-5
3458 Bragg, 3 ..93 7 6 3 4 1 4 1 4 1 Curl & Co i.Knapp : S 15
(3501) Dr. Bernays, a.. .100 5. 5 1 2h 5 1 5n J.Conway.; ..Hoar 4 '(5
3489 Col. Ballntyne, 4.100 4 3n 5 1 0 2 6 2 James Wilson... L. Daly 15 40
348'.) IJantce. 4. Ill 1 4n 7 7 7 G.B. Morris.'... Jackson 2 S-5
Time— Vt. :25; %. :51%; 94, .1:15; mile, "1:41%; 1 l-16m. 1:48. ;^Good start. • Won first :
three driving. Winner, C. T. Boots' b. g. by Brutus- Ledalia.. Winner showed improve
ment. . With a stronger finisher up. Position would have won. Bragg away poorly, ran a
__good race. Dr. Bernays outclassed. Janice cut off and pocketed balance of trlp^ _ _
3525. : FIFTH RACE— Five and a half furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and up; to first, $325.
~~~- ~^~ ¦ - - :-; ~T- ~~~ I Betting. .
Index Horse. Age, Weight. St: %. %. "Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. ; Cl.
3472 Miss Mae Day, 5.107 2 1 IVi 1 1% 1 3 14 W. W. Elliott. ..Troxler 3-2 1
3505 Sir Hampton, 5.. 112 472 41 4%2n George Miller Foucon 5 0
3502 Narra G. 4....... 107 5 21 22 2% 31 Miss C. Gibson. .Howson '5 6
3503 King Dellis, 6.... 112 84^51 52 42, C. Ltnd. ......... .Conley 8 12
3499 Kitty Kelly, 5.... 107 1 3U 31 3h 51 W. L.Stanfield.. Jackson 4 7
3493 De Capo, a .M07 6 6 4 6 1 til 6 1 C. W. Chappell... Stuart 20 25* 1
3501 Owar Tolle, 4... .108 7 5 h 7 5 74 7;6 E.J.Baldwn &. Co.Bzemn 10 15
3508 Ada N. 4 ..107 3 9 5 95 84 8. 5 Antrim Stable. . .L. Daly 10 '20
3478 Skip Me, 4 107 9 8 10 82 9 4 9 5 W. Covington & Co. Hoar 30 75
3172 Goal Runner, 6 ...104 10' 10 lO 10 10 Alaska Stable. Flick 20 15 '
Time — V*. :24%: %, :49; 5W, 1:07^. Good start. W T on easily. Second and third driving.
Winner,' W. W. Elliott's br. m. by Hermence-Aala-la-Ia. Winner slipped away from her
field at the start. Sir Hampton came from back in the bunch,. Kitty Kelly stopped.
Oscar Tolle away poorly. Scratched — Midnight Chimes 107, School for Scandal 107. :
352C. SIXTH RACE— One mile and fifty yards; three-year-olds and upward; to flrst, $325 v
— r^ Betting.
Index Horse, Age, Weight. St. | ".%• Str. ' Kin.' Owner; and Jockey. Op. j Cl. ".
3459 Wolhurst, a...... 106 6 0 2' 4 h- 11 13 J. McMichael.... Jackson . 3 9-2
(3505) Marshal Nell, ,4.. 108 2 3n 3 1-2% 2n R. A. Smith L. Daly 8-5 13-5
3494 Gawaine, 4...:... 100 421 In 34 35 W.E. Cotton. .....Hoar 12 8
.... Plan, a... 106 8 7 1 7 Vi 5 1 4 5 J. Conway.'. .... .Troxler 6 12
3499 Lena, a .102 3 11 % 2n 4 Vi 5 2 F. T. Nichols Stuart 6 8
3505 MOrengo, 6......H00 7 8 8 6 3 6 5 E. M. O'Brien. Fntleroy /to, 30
3481 Einstein.- 6....... 103 5 4n 65 7 1 7 4 L. Levy...: ....Donnelly -15 100
3514. San Venado. a... 108 1 5 152 8 8 T. T. Rector. Conley 10 13
3477' Constable. 3 02 Left ... , Musto & Ruiz.. .Winslet 5 25
3506 Bernota, 4........ 99 Left ... ... ... Burns & Waterhs. Rnsch 5-2 16-5
Time— Vt, '-. :25; %, :49 : . %,. 1:14^4; mile, 1:41; lm 50 yds. 1 :44. - Bad start. Won easily."
Second and third driving. Winner, J. McMichael's b. g. by Ve'ntilator-Nutbrown. Wol
hurst outstayed * Marshal Noll. Gawaine quit. Plan-ran a nice race after,, being almost
left. ' Scratched— Limelight . 103, Lento 97.- ,J,
REALTY COMPANY FORMED— The San
Francisco Realty Improvement Company was
Incorporated yesterday for $200,000. The direc
tors are: D. S. Watson. C. R. Bishop, A. Sut
ton, J. R. Fulton and - J. H. Spring.
Sixth race/ "four and a half furlong3 — Blue
and Orange won, Julia Lyster second Tribes
man third. Time, :58 2-5.
¦ Seventh race, mile and seventy yards — Lamp
O'Lee won. All Saints second, Fonsoluca 'third.
Time. 1:51 2-5.
Fifth race, six and a half furlongs — Essene
won. Lock A second, Melsterslnger third.
Time, 1:25-2-5. ¦- - - • - •
Third race, steeplechase, about two and a
half miles — Arlus won. Handvlse second. Silent
Friend third. Time. 5:45.
' Fourth race, steeplechase, about two and a
half miles — Harri Kari won. Masterpiece sec
ond. Royal Stag third. Time, 7:17.
Second - race, half-mile — Rose ¦ - Tint ¦ won,
Shued second. ; Spring Brook third. Time,
: 53 1-5. ..-..-- -,. . .-•-..
First race,' Inaugural purse, $500, five fur
longs — Ed Austin won, Sevoy second, Death
third. ... Time, 1:02%.
Second race, half-mile — Breakspur won. The
Don second. Maverick third. Time. :50.
Third race, one mile, selling — El Caney won,
Mr. Flnizy second, Harry WJlson third. Time.
1:42%. ¦ .. •- ¦ .,'
Fourth race, Montgomery handicap, $2000
added, ml 1 -* and a sixteenth — Circu3, 87 (Earle).
30 to 1,' won;: Wax Taper, 124 (Domlnlck). 8 to
1- and 3 to 1. second; Flora Pomona, 08 (Min
der), 20 to 1, third.' Time. 1:48%. Barouche,
Waring, : Vulcain, Searcher. Siturian, Nitrate,
Flying Torpedo, Brigade, Walkenshaw and Lou
Woods also ran. •
Fifth rnce. half-mile— Judith Campbell won.
Princess - Tulane second. .Pe.arl Model third.
Time,:50. \ . . ,
Sixth race, five furlong*, selling — Leviathan
won. Somersault second, Sam Houston third.
Time, 1:03V..
WASHINGTON, March 31.— Bennlngs re
sults: '
First race, five furlongs— 'Alpaca won, Nlno
nia second, Happy third. Time, 1:04 4-5.
The start was a good one with Siturian
in front. Waring immediately assumed
command and led, his field up the back
stretch at -a merry clip, closely followed
.by Siturian and Flora Pomona. At the
far turn Circus made his run from behina
and turning into the stretch held fourth
position. The finish was an exciting one,
Circus winning by a head from "Wax
Taper, who closed up a lot of ground in
the run home. Summary:
The Montgomery handicap ' was the
fourth event on i the , programme and
' thirteen horses faced the starter. Flora
Pomona was added at the last moment.
Hildreth's entry, Waring, Vulcain and
Searcher, were always favorites at 8 to 5,
while Nitrate was second choice at 4 to 1.
At the opening of the betting odds of 100
to 1 were laid against Circus, but a steady
play , on the colt forced the price down
to 30 to 1 at the close. '-
MEMPHIS, Tenn.,' March 31.— W. T.
Baldwin's bay | colt, Circus, ' three years
old, 'by Characus-Nidne, won the
Montgomery handicap this i" afternoon by
a short head In the good time of 1:48%.
Wax Taper finished second, a head before
Flora, fomona. " The odds against the
•winner at' one time were at the sensa
tional figures of 100. to 1. •
Wax Taper Reaches the Wire
Second in an Exciting
Finish. '¦;-¦}¦'
; =?¦: — r— ¦••:; )'¦* |j } r •:.
Baldwin's Colt Captures
the Montgomery '-. '.
V Handicap.
SPEEDY CIRCUS
WINS BY A NECK
SUMMARY.
Earned runs— California 5, San Francisco 2.
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS. y
San Francisco... 1 10 13 10 0 0—7
Base hits 1 00210000—4
CalUornl4 1 0 2.13 0.00 1 — S
Base hits 3 0 2 2 4 0 1 0 1— 1U
AB. B. BH. SH. PO. A. K/
McHale. If '•• 4 1 1. 1 2 0 0
Bone, 2b 4 1 0 0 0 7 0
Lawlor cf .......:. 3 1.0 0 1 0 !1
Nordyke. lb 3 11 0 14 0 0
Holly, ss 4 . 1. 1 0 3 3 0
Shugart. 3b 4 1 1 0 0 2 0
Leahy c .3.0. 0 0 3 1 0
Delmas, rf .;....... 3 1. 0 1 2 1 O
Kane p 2 0 0 0 0 1 .0
Whalen. P ....... .:_2 _0 _0 _1 _2 _0
Totals ...........32 7. 4 2 26 17 1
i SAN FRANCISCO.
Scores Tied.
BERKELEY, March 31.— With two men
out -and the score standing 7 to 7 in the
last of the ninth inning Braly of the Uni
versity of California nine went to the bat
and won the game for his team. He
circled the bags and the San Francisco
team had to be satisfied- with the small
end of a 7 to 8 score.
Braly' s run was made on an error by
Lawlor, who let the swift, low ball slide
through his hands out in center . field.
Braly himself had made three serious
errors, which had. caused, the San Fran
cisco score to go up, but his home run
redeemed his bad. playing In the early
part of the game. •
Kane, who pitched for the visiting team
during the first few innings, was easy- to
find and Whalen took his place with bet
ter success. The game was full of ex
citing plays. It ended with the college
boys in jubilant spirits, for the van
quished team defeated Stanford last week
by a score of 13-3. . r :^V"
The score is as follows:
¦ • CALIFORNIA. .
AB. R.-BH..SH. PO. A. E.
Hamlln. cf ......... 4 '10 10 O 1
Kennedy. 3b 4 0 0 1 2 2 1
Adams, ss ......... 5 2 2 0 2 5 0
Braly, 2b 5 3 5 114a
Hemlricks. lb .....4 0 3 O 12 10
McKeown. rf 4 0 0 0 4 1 1
Heltmuller. If 4 2 2 0 1 0 0
Hatch, c ........... 4 0 0 0 3 2 0
Overall, p 4 0 1 _0 J! Jl. 0
Totals .'.:.. 3§ 8 13' 3 27. 19 6
Inning With Two Men Out and
Braly Makes Home Run in Last
CALIFORNIA DEFEATS.
SAN FRANCISCO NINE
Sick ; Pugilist Fails to Appear.
CHICAGO/ March 31.— The fight -between
Martin'; Duffy, .'the^ Chicago vllghtwelglt;
and.Tbm Cbuhlg of r>unklrk;iNAY.v sched
uled: for I to-night, , was ' declared . off, Duffy
being'unable to put in r an appearance ow
ing: to an -attack, of, tonsllitis. ¦
The New California Jockey Club Is
making^, preparations :f or, a' great day's
sport ' on Saturday, April; 19; ;, which has
aptly been termed "Milroy Day. 1 ',- On that
occasion 4 . the '''free list will ;be absolutely
suspendfd and the entire profits. from. the
gate -admissions, books", privileges; ; etc.,
will -be! given to the fund for the benefit
of,. the family, of B.B. Milroy,. late secre
¦ tary of r the organization. ; A . special ; pro
gramme will be arranged," to which horse
men are expected to make liberal- entries,'
and (from each purse 50 per; cent" will* be
deducted, fl the amount to be applied to the
fund. -Tickets will * be .placed ; on ; sale J - at
$1 50, but there will be no limit : as to- the
sum -purchasers; may; pay for single "ad
mission. • ¦: With their > accustomed ? gener
osity, "Thomas ' H: ''Williams -Jr. '-and
Colonel D." M.' Burns have",already sign'
fled their, intention of giving J100 each . for'
tickets. \ AH of the association's officials
will contribute their, services ' gratis v for
the-'day.'f ,. ¦ •.'."- "¦'.,/"¦ ¦ '¦' .¦ ¦-¦ ¦"::¦, ¦: ¦
Secretary and Manager C.'F. J Price gave
out :. yesterday that \- racing ; at Oakland
would i positively': cease ¦- on. Wednesday,
April 30." A number of. bookmakers and
owners^had requested' the. association to
extend » the 'meetlns:.' for "at ; least 'thirty
days, "many of the - horsemen signifying
/ a*. willingness .„ to race for : . $300 s, purses
rather -than remain .idle. .The manage
ment,- however, states that; it was • origi-
Track Notes.
PARIS, March '31;— At"' the opening day
of ,' the ! race ' meeting ¦ to-day ¦ the'; Prix de
Mars.waswon by \V. K. Vanderbilt's Bat
with ¦- Jenkins -up. -The Prix dc Sablorus
was won ; by. Codman, with-Rigby in the
saddle..- The^P,ri±'de iBevllle»was:wonf by
'Clislade; ridden" by Mclntyre. "Besides
p these.rj three but 1 of . the 'six .« events i were
won' by," American ' : jocKeys/ ¦'• J. .Relff -:: se
cured 1 two ; seconds and one third : and Mc
lntyre obtained one third. * ¦•:,-;;.
/Vanderbilt's Horse , a Winner.
, : At ' the tKempton ;Park' Easter: meeting
to-day the Queen's prize," a handicap of
500 sovereigns; for three-year-olds and up
ward. -'• one i mile 'and. a.' quarter, was won
by Wabun. « Royal George was second and
Bostonian ; was third. Ten horses started"
LONDON, March 3L— At the, Manches^
¦ter Easter meeting. to-day the Lancashire
handicap: steeplechase, -b£. £2000,,. three
miles, and a; half, I was won by Fairland.
Arnold .was second and ' Inquisitor,'- third.
Fifteen horses started;.:, • , ¦¦ . .
Ep.stor Ract;s in England.
;. Selections for' To-Day.
.
;
First race —School for Scandal, Marineuse,
Meadow Lark. . ' - - '.-'. .
¦ Second race —Horatius. Gold Van, Honiton.
Third race—El Chihuahua, Sol,'Axminster.
Fourth race—St. ? Rica, Black Diclt - Lime
light. * . •
.' Fifth race —Constellator, - Hagerdon, Sweer
Tooth. . . : - ¦-..•
-Sixth race —Diom.ed, Cougar, Quadra.
way of class, at the same time
furnishing, one of the prettiest finishes of
a fortnight. It resulted in MacGyle, a
practically neglected . 10 ' to 1 shot, ably
ridden by Ransch, getting the verdict
from Rio Shannon by a nose, with Posi
tion, the* heavily played second choice,
finishing at Rio Shannon's saddle skirts.
Fauritleroy, on Rio Shannon, carrying 105
pounds, cut out the pace and had Ransch
not squeezed through a very small space
next the rail with MacGyle, Jimmy Cof
fey's horse would have won. Lee Jack
son astride Janice, the 8 to 5 favorite, got
cut off early in the game, and thereafter
found himself in a pocket from j which he
apparently found it impossible to extri
cate himself. After the . race Charles
Boots, owner of the winner, gave it as his
opinion that Lee Jackson had not han
dled MacGyle to the best of his ability
when the Brutus gelding was beaten in a
.race some days ago by Dr. Bernays.
Green Morris Became very wrathy at the
aspersions cast • on the honesty, of his
young Jockey and laid the matter before
the, stewards. Unless the accusations are
substantiated by facts Owner Morris, .it
Is said, threatens to sue the proprietor
of Elmwood farm for libeling jacKson.
Although the weather looked threaten
ing an unusually large crowd viewed the
sport. There were no startling reversals
of I form, with the favorites making a
"stand-off" by capturing three purses.'
Windward, with Lee Jackson in the
saddle and second choice in the betting,
was the tip for the opening mile and fifty
yard selling run. Jackson waited with
his mount behind Fridolin, the favorite,
and the outsider Captivate until the
stretch was reached. Then he sat down
to ride, and catching Fridolin all out the
final fifty yards, won by- a neck. Capti-.
vate was thir,d.
Jackson followed this first win up by
capturing the two-year-old dash with
Lizzie Rice. The^ filly was backed down
in ¦ the betting from 8 to 5 to G to 5, ; and
away first was never headed. Larry Daly,
down on the rail with Nigrette, came
very strong at the close, losing by a neck.
Maxette, a new one from the Burns &
Waterhouse stable, ran a good third.
Heavily backed to take the third event,
asix-furlong selling affair, Evander.'with
Johnny Hoar up. nearly gave his backers
htart disease by. only beating Killdoe a
nose. After setting a merry clip out in
the lead.-E. M. Brattain ran' third.
W. W. Elliott's fast I mare, Miss Mae
Day, scampered home ahead v of a big
bunch of: sprinters in the five and a half
furlong number. Her odds were gradually
forced down from 8 to 5 to even money,
and she won all the way. Foucon brought
Sir Hampton along from far back, taking
the place from Narra G by a neck.-
Old Wolhurst was the pick of the inside
set to win the last race, at one mile and
fifty yards, and the veteran did the trick.
Jackson moved up with him by. degrees
from sixth position, scoring somewhat
easily at the wire from Marshal Neil, the
favorite. Gawaine ran third. . : •. \ . .
S-'r *r* — *¦ ¦«'•' ¦ i • - — #«— r ¦ ' • -
THE West Oakland handicap, ever
one and a sixteenth miles, over
shadowed the. o'ther events on the
card at Oakland yesterday in the
Sixth race — One mile and. a sixteenth; sell
ing; three-year-olds and upward.
3514E1 Mido. .....112. 3485. Lief Prince.. Ill
3457 El Fonse..... 108 3501 Quadra .'.'. . oi
3514 Cougar' ......111 (3515)Free Lance. i.lir,
3520 Lento-...; 06 3490 Lodestar 11"
3508 Diomed ..... .112' - """ "
; Fifth race — Seven' furlongs; • the ' • Shattuck
h""'l' >| )n: t*iroA-yw»--'>)ds and upward.
3507 Hagerdon ....110 3507 Sweet Tooth. . 08
3507 Varro 1*3 3224 Constellator . .106
(3507)Sister Jeanie.. 30 3500 The Fretter..-; 102
Dick Roberts. 113 "510 Prnce Eugene.103
S510 Gold Van. . . . .103 345G Prestolus .... 97
3510 Honlton .....102 .... Gbrgalete ....110
3510 Katanga .....97 3126 Prince Brlffln. 11."
3510 Escarola 102 • Felice .....:'.110
3510 The Forum. . .10."> 3oS3 HoratiuS . V. ..113
Third race — Five and a half furlongs; sell-
Ing; three-year-olds.
34.31 All ....109 3511 Axmlnster ...117
3B11 Sir T. Tlddler.112 3511 Satchel ..112
3511 Blackthorn ..117 3390 El Chihuahua. 117
2970 Sol ..Ill 3511 Flitting .....IIS
•3408 Claudator :...10'J 3317 Sir Claus ....114
3438 Dulcimer .... .112i 3067.Rud.Hynlcka.10U
Fourth race— One mile; selling; three-year
olds and. upward.
3153 Alicia .....'.. 110 34S1 La Borgia '. . *. . 110
3481 Tizona 112 3520 Plan ........ .112
3S14 Tufts ........ 101 3S05 Frank Woods.112
3460 Ulloa .110 (3517)Umellghi . . . .112
3517 Silver Fizz.;. 110 3476 Larry Wilt... 06
»499 Black Dick. ..115 3517 St. Rica.';..-. -.108
3521 Satan ........112
nally announced, that the length of . the
season would * be '•' 150 days and that no
purse would be less than $400, and it' will
keep faith with the racing public.
Fabiola day will be held on Saturday,
April 26, for the benefit of the hospital of
that name. ¦ . ¦ ¦ ¦ . . •.'
. On Wednesday, April30, the association
will give a benefit for the Town Hall fund
of Emeryville. • , • / ...
Next season all the stakes will 'have
added money, . with the exception of the
Burns handicap, which will remain the
same as heretofore, $10,000 guaranteed. It
is not improbable' also that next season
will be shortened by fifteen or twenty
days, -the purpose being -to have fewer
days. and higher class racing if possible.
Jackson piloted three winners yesterday.
A. carload of horses, the property of Dr.
Rowell, P. Howley and S. Judge, leave
for Chicago -to-day.
.Following are the entries for this after
noon's events:
: First race— Seven furlongs; selling; four
year-olds and upward. r ¦
S517 S. for Scandal.li: S076 Compass ... .: Ill
3515 Meadow Lark.llti 3455 Mike Rlce.:..llC
3119 B. P. Mason.. 110 3425 Onyx ........ Utt
.3505 Morinel Ill 3521 Gold Baron;. .11(5
3227 Marineuse ....113 3517 Novia 1U
33SS Geo. Dewey.. .li:S 3509 Expedient ....116
Second race — Four furlongs; purse; maiden
two-yea»-olds.
BALTIMORE,' March 31.— James Sheck
ard, the outfielder, has signed a contract
to play with the Baltimore American
League club during the coming season
and is on hla way to join the club at
Savannah. Sheckard had previousiy
signed* with the Brooklyn National
League club., , .
Home run — Adams. Three-base hits — Heit
muller McHale,* Nordyke. Two-base hits —
Braly '(2), Hendrtcks, Heltmuller, Overall.
Sacrifice hit — Nordyke. Bases on balls — O3
Overall 4, off Kane 1. off Whalen 1. Hit by
pitcher — McHale. Delmas. Struck out— By
Overall 4. by Kane 1. by Whalen 2. Left on
bases — California 5, San Francisco 5. Double
play — Adams to Hendricks. • Passed ball-
Hatch. Wild pitches — Overall 2, Kane 1. L'm
pire^ — W. W. Smith. Scorer — J. J. Earle.
Sheckard Goes to Baltimore. *
Corbett Will Be at Bingside.
JAMESTOWN, N. Y., March 31.— Jamei
J. Corbett will depart from Washington
on the night of April 13 for San Francisco.
Through his theatrical manager it Is
learned that Corbett Will be at the ring
side on the night of the battle of Jeffrie*
and Fitzsimmons and at the conclusion of
the fight will challenge the winner. 'This
action will take place providing that Cor
bett's previous proposition ' to take the
place of Fitzsimmons, if that pugilist de
clines to meet Jeffries, is not accepted.
The Board of Supervisors granted the
Yosemite Athletic Club permission yes
terday to hold a contest in April, and un
less the Superior Court intervenes ring
goers will have an opportunity of seeing
Joe Walcott and George Gardner . box
twenty rounds in Woodward's Pavilion
on the evening of April 25. The 1 National
Athletic Club is making a strenuous ef
fort to put pitfalls in the path of the Yo
semite Club, but Manager Corbett de
clares he will not tolerate Interference.
The men will fight at catchwelghts.
Walcott will enter the ring weighing 143
pounds. There being no ~ stipulated
weight, Gardner has the advantage,
bince coming to this city he has, like
other Eastern boxers, taken on weight.
When Gardner last met Walcott in this
city the colored man was given a decision
after twenty rounds' torrid fighting.
After the battle Gardner claimed he was
not fit. If there rs anything In "doping"
boxing contests Gardner should defeat
Walcott, as he easily defeated "Kid"
Carter, who beat Walcott and Joe Choyn
ski. Walcott, however, sometimes re
verses the order of things and there are
many who think the colored man will
beat Gardner in quick fashion this month.
On Thursday evening next the Ariel
Rowing Club will give a boxing entertain
ment in Woodward's Pavilion for the
benefit of its boathouse. "Billy" Leon
ard, champion feather-weight boxer of
the Olympic Club, is to meet Paul Mar
tin, the youth who made such a splendid
showing at the last tournament given -by
the Olympic Club. Teddy Wolff and
Charles Peterson will also uox four
rounds for a decision. There will be six
other bouts between the best amateurs in
town. a:.,' .•¦;¦
On the evening of April 11 the Acme
Athletic Club of Oakland will give a fine
exhibition. Manager Lavigne has
matched Eddie Hanlon and Frankie Neil
to box ten rounds and Dave Barry and
Harry Foley to go the same distance. ¦ A
good preliminary bout will open the
night's entertainment.
"Kid" McPadden and "Spider" Welch
will meet in -the gymnasium, of the Reli
ance Athletic Club on the evening of
April S. This will be their, second tiglit.
Both men are in active training.
Billy Ryan Shows Superiority.
PHILADELPHIA. March 31. — Billy
Ryan of Syracuse had a shade the better
of his six-round bout with Tim Callahan
of this city to-night at the Washington
Sporting Club. The fight was a hard and
fast one. and Ryan surprised the specta
tors by his cleverness.
In the putting contest each competitor
putted eight balls from various points on
the circumference of the home: green.
Miss Sara Drum holed out two balls in
single strokes from the edge of the green
and required only seventeen strokes to
put all the eight balls Into the cup.; This
excellent performance gave her .the first
place. ¦ - . . .
Six members 'of the Ladies* Annex of
the San Francisco Golf Club- entered a
competition In driving- and puttinj yes
terday on the Presidio links. In the driv
ing contest each competitor drove • five
balls from the first tee, Miss Sara Drum
winning from Miss Florence Ivea,,Misa
Carroll, Mrs. R. Gilman Brown, Miss
Edith Chesebrough and Mlas Alice C
Hoffmann.
Defeats Five Ladies in Driving and
Putting on the San Francisco
% Club Links.
MISS DRUM ' WINS TWO
GOLE COMPETITIONS
Walcott and Gardner; Are
Matched to Fight This
Month.
Supervisors Grant It
Right to Hold-
Contest.,
YOSEMITE CLUB
SECURES PERMIT
7
THE : S AN': f FR A^CISCO ALL, [> TUESDAY, APRIL . 1 j 1902~
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS
AMUSEMENTS.
AMUSEMENTS.
AQO2 1
Cleveland I
Snell or |
Tribune Bicycles I
$30^ $40 and $50 I
Bargains in second-hand bicycles • I
List mailed for the asking H
I LEAVIl^cc (BILlI
I 307-309 Larkin Street I
1 Enaches— Lob Angeles, San Jost, Ci&and. H
For Stomach Disorders*
Coin and Dyspepsia
drink ; ; ;
Best NATURAL Alkaline j Water
220 BROADWAY, N. ,T. . ,
GOKEI GOKE!
Cheap, ; Clean : Fuel for Grates, Fur-
"naces and Cooking, v
': There Is no fuel that will compare with coke.
Delivered in any quantity. Country orders
solicited.*; P. A. ; MclDpNALD. ;813 Folsom st.
" Uolopp; Desirable location,
1 UlClvv unsurpassed cnisine.'
I ;u n eq u a 1 e d ;ser-
Jlllfl vice and ; modern
tlllU conveniences are the
"£'¦:. (¦: L'i attributes that 'have
• ilfQ tin : made" these .two : ho-
lllaliU tels, popular with
"I¥- 'j V' ' tourists" and travel-
-HAiAiC ers who \isit San
HUlWlO Francisco.: V ¦
iRemington ; $ 3g^;^
' Fypewriters
•'¦.-; - '•¦¦'f. ,• :-' -, •:- guaranteed by
ON RFNTAL our ¦uperfor <«-
'mmmmamm ¦»»¦—» ural intercti In
;': g tbeVfT'-rtatien of our machine.'. -^
McpFF/SEAMANSiBENEDICT
211 r Montgomery: St.; S. F.
"vi'el Main 87..
""When V first purchased 1 Herpicide I
thought, like the majority of hair prepa-
rations, "It would prove a' 'fake.' I am
happy to state' that, on the contrary, it is
all, arid even more, than you claim for it.
Quite a number, of barbers throughout
the section in which I travel have called
attention to , the new hair sprouting out
on my scalp and inquired of me what I
have been using.' I tell them ¦ 'Herpicide' ;
also give them your name and address,"
Alf R. Kelley, residing: at 2195 Devisa-
dero street, San Francisco, Cal., writes
the following:
Superiority.
Unsolicited Testimonials Tell of Its
HERPICIDE NOT A FAKE.
ALL THIS WEEK— MATINEE SATURDAY.
ALG. FIELD
.50— PEOPLE ON THE STAGE— 50.
"Next— SUNDAY NIGHT — Two Weeks.
MATINEES THURSDAY AND SATURDAY
Williams & Walker
And Their Gilt-Edged Company.
Seat Sale Opens Thursday.
Following Comes the Favorites. Mr. JAMES
NE1LL AND THE NEILL COMPANY.
BEiaSCO^aTHAll'Sjr^t^
™ *^ (hk; tirr tun .
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Elaborate Production—^-the Great ¦' ' Comedy*
Drama, the -
SLEEPING
/"^XfTnTT" Beautiful Scenery,
B V Startling Effects,
ttjl ¦ I " Plenty of .' •
Ir*.^' .. Wholesome Comedy.
PDirtC Evenings 10c to 50a
riUWLJ Matinees....... 10c. 15c, 25o
Xext Week— "The Land of the Living."
. Belasco & Thall. Managers.
TO=N1QHT S ALL WEEK,
• , Martha Morton's Successful Comedy,
''BROTHER JOHN"
A Charming Play New to This City.
Surpassing Alcazar Stock Cast.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
PRICES— 15c. 25c. 35c, 50c and 75c.
Seats on sale six days In advance.
Next— Extraordinary Double Bill. ' "MMB.
BUTTERFLY." and "THE GREAT UN-
KNOWN."
| FISCHER'S THEATER I'
O'Farrell, bet. Stockton and Powell Streets.
Telephone Main 231. ¦
AND THEY CAME AGAIN IN DROVES BY
THE HUNDREDS FOR THE THIRD WEEK.
¦ ¦¦¦ ' THINK OF IT. ''"/'.¦:
|HTTLE CHRISTOPHER
Has made such a hit that they can't keep
away. All the features encored thrice and more.
Saturday and Sunday you get seats for 20c
all over. Children at Matinees only 10c.
¦You rwnember.what we said a long time ago
of our next great sensation. Weber & Field's
famous i>lay r VFIDDLE DEE DEE." filled
with a thousand coad features and a cast of
people who will kill you- with laughter. Get
in line . and get . seats . early, commencing
Thursday mornins next.
gi|^ RACING
SG^—^y^» Every Week Day-
' ¦**¦.¦ v Rain or Shine.
, NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
/.OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Rac«s ttart'at 2:15 p.' m. sharp.
,i Ferry-boat leave* San Francisco atiZm and
12:30. J. 1:30. 2. 2:30 and 3 p. m.. connecting
with ftialns stopping .at the entrance to thi
armck.": La*t two cars on train reserved for
Udlea »n<l their escorts; no smoking. Buy your
i«rry tickets to. Shell Mound. -,.AH trains via
OaXlan'l mole connect with San Pablo avenua
eWctric cars at Seventh and Broadway. Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alameda mole con-
nect wuh San Pablo avenue cars at Fourteen tn
and Broadway, Oakland. These electric car*
so direct to the track tn fifteen minutes.
Returning — Trains leave the » track at .4^15
and 4:13 p. m. and immediately after tba ia^t
race. . : • . •« •
THOMAS H. WILUAM3 JR.. President.'
CHARLE3 F.i PRICE. Secy, tad lUr.
%J U §. U gWl © B « LIAC19Q THEATEJ
Powell ' Street, near " Market. ¦ : -
POSITIVELY LAST TIMES.
L\ST 6 NIOHTS— MATINEE 'SATURDAY.
HP u r-« LIEBLER & CO.'S
J nh IMMENSE PRODUCTION.
m * * *-* Hall Caiiie's Great Play, •¦
CHRISTIAN.
As John Storm (his original role).
D YXDZ1 t Reappeararjce In
1— *>V I IT./-* • Sao Francisco
MR. E. S. WILLARD
MONDAY. April 7.
Ina New Play Entitled . -
THE CARDINAL
. By LOUIS N. PARKER.
SEATS READY THURSDAY.-
EVENINGS AT 8 SHARP. ; ;
. MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 SHARP.
DON'T FAIL TO SEE IT.
THIS , WEEK THE LAST OF .
The Famous Musical Succes-j. ' ¦ '
-,— .THE— -. ¦
Sereiiadel
MONDAY. APRIL 7. f.
"The Forturie Teller^'
POPULAR PRICES — 25c. 50c" and 75c. •
Telephone Hush 0. : '
NOVELTlis"GALOREI
Mr and Mrs. Sidney Drew; Homsr
Lind and Company ; Fred Stubftr ;
Fapinta; Frank Lincoln; Simon.
Gardner and Company; Ths Melani
Trio; Gorman and Keppler, and the
Bic graph. ?v^ . . \l
Reserved Seats, 25c: Balcony, 10c; Opera
Chairs tnd Box Seats, 50c. ,
PACKED LAST NIGHT AS USUAL.
. •VVonderrul Success of Our. $1000 Star.
MELBOURNE MACDOWELL,
• Supported by ; FLORENCE STOXE. .
In Sardou's Grandest . Spectacular Play. .
' >T H E tM P R ESS TH EO D 0 R Ai ' '
Introducing Ferocious Lions In the Hippodrome
&*JKpai2S&r - Scene. -, -
Matinees . Saturday and Sunday.
POPULAR PRICES. .'. ..10c, 15c, ; 25c, 50c, 70c
Good Orchsstra Seats All Matinees 23c.
NEXT .WEEK. ... . .... ..... . . . ."GISMONDA"
MAXHBINRICH,
. U, - BASSO .AND PIANIST.. ..
JULIA jHEjiVRlICH,
,'jCONTRALTd "
""—— SHERMAN-CLAY HALL ~^—
.. ,¦;¦.:¦/.¦ x ,l TO-NIOHT. ' ,..- > i .. . .
Richard Strauss' "Enoch Arden" 'and Song
Recital. ' -Thursday )N^ht and Saturday. After-
noon. Song Recitals. ' .Reserved Seats. 75c. $1,
?1. 50,. at Sherman." Clay &. Co.'s Music Store.
TiHE WEEKLY CALk
ADVERTISEMENTS. •
sigr:keadaghe
Positively cured by thesa
Little Pills.
They also relieve distress from Dys-
pepsia. Indigestion and Too Hearty
Eating. A perfect remedy for Dizzi-
ness. Nausea, Drowsiness, Bad . Taste
in the Mouth, Coated Tongue, Pain in
the Side. TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pill. Small Dose.
Small Price.
OCEAN" TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
: i<^ Steamers leave Broadway
jfflfc^^ Wharf, San Francisco:
CJHgffffe- For Ketchikan, Juneau.
l*£J l ' l Cfc*»k Skaeway, etc., Alaska— 11
t^RStVva a - m - A r iril 1 - c> - 11 . 10 - 21 -
F5MSa\ai 26. May 1. Change to com-
ta£<*SSi pany'e steamers at Seattle. 1
For Victoria, Vancouver.
Port Townsend, Seattle. Ta-
**% coma, Everett, New "What-
com— II a. air, April 1. 6. 11, 16. 21. 26, May
1. Change at Seattle to this company's steam-
er? for Alaska and G. N. Ry. ; at Seattle or
Tacoma to XC P. Ry.; at Vancouver to C. P.
By.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — 1:30 p. m.,
April 2. 7, 12, 17, 22. 27. May 2.
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa
Barbara, Port Los Angeles and Redondo
( Los • Angeles) — Spokane, Sundays, 9 a. m. ;
State of California, Wednesdays, 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles, calling at Santa Cruz.
Wcnterey. San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford
<San Luis Obiypo). Santa Barbara. Ventura,
Hueneme. East San Pedro, San- Pedro and
"Newport ('Bonlta only).
Coos Bay, » a. m., April 4. 12. 20 28, May 6.
Bonita. 9 a. m.. April 8. 16. 24, May 2.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata, La Paz, Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.) — 10 a. m.. 7th of each
n-.onth.
For further information obtain folder.
Right Is reserved to change steamers or
sailing dates. . ,
TICYFT OFFICE—* New Montgomery
¦tr«ft (Palace Hotel.)
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents,
10 Market 'st., San Francisco.
LAST EXCURSION TRIP!
SPECIAL RATES
TO PORTS IN MEXICO.
A DELIGHTFUL VOYAGE.
Only $60. including meals and berth, for the
rcund trip, on board the Pacific Coast Steam-
ship Co.'s steamer CURACAO, leaving SAN
FRANCISCO APRIL 7th, due back April 27th,
calling at ENSENADA. MAGDALENA BAT.
SAN JOSE DEL CABO. MAZATLAN, AL-
TATA, LA PAZ. SANTA ROSALLV and
GUAYMAS. Mexico. i
For $20 additional excursionists can return I
from Guaymas by rail. For further particu-
lars inquire at TICKET OFFICE. 4 New
Montgomery street (Palace Hotel), or 10 Mar-
ket street, San Francigco.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
FOR .-'%V>'
LEAVE SEATTLE.
SENATOR JUNE 1
VALENCIA JUNE 7
And fortnightly thereafter during the season.
Steamships CITY OF PUEBLA and QUEEN
leaving San Francisco May 26 and May 3L re-
cpectiveiy, connect with above steamers. The
new and elegant, steamships Senator and Va-
lencia made regular trips to Nome last year.
landing all passengers end freight without loss.
f mishap or delay. For passenger rates and
Nome folder, apply Ticket Office. 4 New Mont-
fcmery street 'Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Genl. Agents,
10 Market St., San Francisco.
O. R. & N* CO,
ONLY STEAMSHIP LINE TO
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Line From Portland to AH
Points East. Through Tickets to All
Points, ell Rail or Steamship and Rail, at
Steamer Tickets Include Berth and Meals.
SS. COLUMBIA Sails April 3. 13. ii
£S. GEO. W. ELDER Sails
Mar. 29. April 8. 18. 28
Eteamer sails from foot of Spear et.. 11 a. m.
D. TV. HITCHCOCK. Gen. Agt.. 1 Mong'y.S. F.
TOYO KISEN KAISflA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Bran nan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kcbe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai and con-
¦ necting at Hongkong with steamers for India.,
etc No carco received on board on day of
calling.
£S HONGKONG MARU
Tuesday. April 15th. 1902
FS. NIPPON* MAP.U Friday. May Oth. 130*.'
SS. AMERICA MARU
Wednesday. June 4th. 1002
Round-trip tickets at reduced ratec For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, ccrner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
PANAMA R. R, TIBS'
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
Cabin. S105; Steerage, $40; Meals Free.
S. S. Argyll Sails May
S. S- Leelanaw Sails May
From Howard-rtreet Wharf. Pier 10. at 2 p. m.
Freight and Papsenser Office. 330 Market St.
F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
Anl Cia Slid Americana di Vanores
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central
end South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3. pier 10, 12 m.
COIXDMBIA ..April 1<> IGUATEMALA. Apr. —
TUCAPEL ...April 19 ! PA LENA May —
Thes=e steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
enfl passenger office. 318 California street.
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO., Gen. Agent*.
_* 1 SIWCfLIHE TO TAHITI
£S. SIERRA, for Honolulu, Samoa, Auck-
land and Sydney. .Thurs.. April 10, 10 a,' m.
ES. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. : .-
Saturday. April 19, 2 p.m.
ES. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
Sunday. May 4, 10 a.' m.
I. D. speeciels & BBOS.CO., General Acs., 329 Kartot
Geb'I Fass. Office, 643 Eartet st, PiEr so. 7. Pacific St,
CCKPAGKIE GENERALS TRANSATLANTIQCE.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS,
Sailing every Thursday, instead of <JS??CD|
Eaturday, at 10 a, tn.. from pier 42, t^nmk^im
North River, foot of Morton street.
First class to Havre, $70 and upward. Second
class to Havre $H and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA 32 Broadway (Hudson building). New
• Tork.' J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents, S Montgomery avenue, San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
BAY AND EIVEB STEAMEBS.
FOR uTTliAYrYAR^^
Steamers GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLQ
9:45 a. m.. 3:15 and 8:30 p. m., except Sun-
day. Sunday, 9:45 a. tn., 8:30 p. m. Leave*
Vallrjo 7 b.. m., 12:30 noon. 6 p.: m.. except
Sunday. Sunday, 7 a. m., 4:15 p. m. Fare 60
cents. Telephone ' Main 1503. Landing and
office, pier 2, Mission-street dock. HATCH
BROS.
1 Miif^iil^r^ilil
;¦• ffl : : Old Fol%s in
i^PpJ»|^^^It is a food in liquid form —
easily assimilated by the
weakest stomach. Produces
j^^^M^^^I appetite, health and Vigor.
fe ||anon^ t^mnV^|1 Doctors approve it.
K' J 1 l5»'' CIHT " n '" uauio BttlAB' S3 • A 11 ririt crcrit+c coll if t>mann»ai4 «*» tit t\n
$*¦ hJ^aitoiw// J40PS " 4\ All Qruggtsis sen it* Jrreporea only Dy
W^^^^M Anheuser-Busch Brewing Ass'n
iii'N ; ilri^2^S^ t£li§ HreWers ef the famous Budweiser, Michelob,
BlacK & Tan. Faust, Pale-Lager. Anheuier*
/^"•KSSfi&gSSSSK**^ Standard, Export Pale and Exquisite.
ADVEBTISEMEirrS.
In Three Words
It takes but three words with-
out superlatives to define the
superiority of
Baltimore
ye
The Perfect Whiskey
CHRISTY & WISE COMMISSION CO.. Inc..
223 Si 225 California St., San Fra ncisco.Callf.
Telephone Main 871.
Men'sDiseases
jS--; TALCOn
¥mf$ ' &C0. '
— ¦ Hr- ¦•
997 Market St., s^xtf,
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREAT RESTORATIVB. 1NV1GOHA-
tor and Nervine. "
The niott wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of .the Kid.
ntya and Bladder. ¦ Sells on its own merits.
NABIIR. ALFS & BRUNE, Agents,
323 Market St.. S. F. — (Send for Circulars.)
OCEJLN" TRAVEL.
Jiamburg-Stmerican.
TWIN-SCREW EXPRESS SERVICE.
PLYMOUTH— CHERBOURG— HAMBURG
Deutschland . .April 17 IColumbia . . May - 8
F. Bismarck May. 1] Deutschland ...May 15
TWIN-SCREW PASSEiNGEK SERVICK.
PLYMOUTH— CHERBOURG — HAMBURG.
Waldersee .... April J 2 1 Pretoria ..... -April 29
Pennsylvania .April 22|Moltke .'.....;.Mjy O
Hamburg-American Line,' 37 B'w«»y, N. Y.
HERZOG & CO., General 'Agents for Pacific
Coast, 401 California Et.. San Francisco.
> AMEHICAW LIWE.
NEW YORK— SOUTHAMPTON— LONDON.
St. Louis. Apr. K.lOanijSt. Paul.'.Apr.23,10 am
Philadel .Apr.l6.10arn|St.- Louis. Apr.30.10 am
B.BS STAH XjXIV£I.
NEW YORK— ANTWERP— PARIS.
South wark. Apr. ' 9. noon [ Vaderland. Apr. 1 6, noon
Pennland.Apr. 14,3 r •" ' fw^'*nnTffTOiwHtninffaBif
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.','
Cbaa. D. Taylor. G. A. P. C, 30 Montgomery.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.NEW WESTERN" HOTEL.
ELPCoonan.Ky Jas McWllllam. 8 O
?5& I fBWS?> daa ' B% L H m n n d eh T b^
E BulUrde. Seattle H P Smfth r>^^—
Sait for Breach of Contract
A jury was secured in Judge" La wlor's
™urt ye S te rday , n the suit brought bv
Hale Brothers against MiMiken Broth#»r<i
structural steel manufacture™. New^ York
for damages for violation of contract
Hie amount "claimed Is $15.0W. I? Is aN
leged that the defendants contract*?! t«
supply the. structural steel 'for the lb
Wanted for Embezzlement.
'• . LAMBS — Suckling Lambs. $2 50@° 75 - ner
head or. 5%@6c pcrlb llvewelght; -yearlinn
4V4(W">f-per lb. . . " " . -. ~ ,.
HOGS— Live * Hogs,. 200 lbs -and under 6*:
<f?6%c: ... 200 lbs and over. 6iiig6»4c; feodir?
5?i (SOW c; sows. 20 per. cent, off: boars 50 uer
cent ¦off, and stags, 40 per cent off from ThV
above quotations. .- . ; ; ¦ ;. • ' ..
General Merchandise.
' ) - ¦ ""¦-;._•¦¦¦¦ *.-¦>¦ ."-V '. • " ';
BAGS— Grain Bags, June and ¦ July, CcY San
¦Quehtin,'-, 5.55c; 'Wool. Bags. 32@J5c; Fleece
Twlne.-7%@Sc. ..'... 4 '
COAL^-Wellington. $0 per ton; SouthueW
Wellington.^$9;'-Seattle, i 1 $6 50;. Bryant. $6 50-
Roslyn;-$7:,Coos.Bay, $5 50;: Greta.: .?S; Wallt
eud. $8 50; Co-operative Wallsend.' fS 50;Cuin
berland, $12 in 4 bulkand $13 25 in sacks; Penn
sylvania 1 ,; Anthracite '¦; Egg, $-^— ; t Welsh An
. thraclte. ; $14: Cannel. , $11 per ton ; I Coke.V «i 5
per ton In bulk and $1< In sacks;. Rocky Moun
tain descriptions.'. ?8 45 , per ¦ 2000 lbs - and ft> O \)
per ton, according to brand. •¦' : -..-,r
/ OIL— Calltornla Castor; Oil, ln^ cases : No 1
. 70c; pure, $1- 20: Linseed Oil, , in barrels, boiietl!
¦7 0c ; ' ra w, - 74c ; ¦ cases,",' 5c . more ; ¦- Lucol. e«5c * f or :
.Lolled and 64c ¦ lor ., raw. i in r. barrels ; .. Lard « Oil -
; extra ¦ winter strained,"; barrels,", S5c; . cases, « »0c;
China ' Nut, -, 57%(&68c - per. gallon ; .pure ; Neats
¦ioot,* In: barrels, 70c; . cabes, i Toe;. Sperni pure
u5c; Whale Oil, natural, white,', 40@50c per gal
ion;- Fish .Oil., barrels, 42>ic; cases,- - 47V.C-
Cocoanuf Oil,- barrels, ¦ &i>,hc for Ceylon «Ta»j
oSy.c for Australian. -•"..•¦ ¦ ."-.•; ¦ -". 4 .,,.
' 'COAi. " OIL7- Water -White Coal ' OH, : In -bulk
lS%c;i Pearl ; : OII,.:ln" cases.-; 20c ; • AstraK 'l-Oc;
Star." 20c; Extra Star.' 24c: i Elaine.. 23c:. Eocene. ¦
1-4,'q : i deodortzed r stove Gasoline.'f in • bulk," 15%c ¦ ¦
in; cases.: 22c;' Benzined- in bulk. ; 14 Vic; : in cases, '
21c;:S6-degr«e Gasoline,-,: lit ; bulk,. 20c; In cased,
2c%c; .-;"''¦":'¦'¦'¦¦¦.¦;¦>¦:;";.¦;¦ --"5 ¦ ¦ ' •;¦'
The following, quotations are for good soun l
livestock delivered ; at San Francisco. le«a a-J
per ¦ cent shrinkage for cattle: 1 -
CATTLE -Steers, 8%©9c; Cows and Heifers
7@7%e; thin Cows, 4@5c per Ib."
, CALVES— i%@5%c per lb (gross wetehtl
.SHEEP -Wethers, 4%S5c; Ewes;3'i@4cV
lb (gross -weight). . , ,.7^7
DRESSED MEATS,
Wholesale rates frcm slaughterers to dealers
ara as follows: ; EJ8i§Ss! j . ¦
; BEEF— 7@7%c for Steers and 6@7c per lc
for Cows. -''"'¦..* - - . ., > ...
."•VEAL— Large. 7%@Sc: small. 8'4®10c De.
pound. . • : - . . . '
- MUTTON— Wethers, S%@3%c; Ewes, S®S%c
per. pound. - . w^tb--
YearllnE!. 10c per lb; Spring Lamb,*
PORK— Dressed Hogs, .7#@0c per lb. -
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
. Live Hogs have again advanced slightly, re
ceipts being, too light for. the demand.
San Francisco Meat) Market:
ij be made to-morrow and the completion cf the
prej>aration for them would result in a relaxa
tion of the money markets But the last up
ward movement showed signs of being abortive
Jik» that at the opening, and did not s*tend
to a large number of stocks. St. Paul was about
the only Ftock which Is -usually prominent to
shew an advance of over a point, in epite of the
decrease in net earnings for February reported
to-day, while I'nion Pacific, which reported a
handsome increase in February net earnings,
fell short of the cne-point advance and reacted
again .before the close. Rock Island's' 4 ; point
advance and *he caics by the Chicago and
Northwestern stocks were not very convincing,
while the rise of all the way from 1 to over 6
points In a group of less conspicuous, stocks
¦was quite ineffectual to induce afpeculativefol
lowlr.g. The Canadian Pacific group. Including
the Minneapolis, St. Paul and £ault Ste.- Marie
etocks and the Dulutl). South Shore arid At
lantic, were most conspicuous in this category.-
Hocking Valley also forged upward 2%. The
activity in these stocks was dwarfeO by the
overwhelming preponderance of Colorado- Fuel.
Amalgamated Copper and Sugar In the dealings.
All of these were depressed after the buying,
but recovered sharply. Sugar rising a point
above last week on account of the report of th»
committee on Ways and Meai-s of the Cuban
reciprocity bill. All three stocks reacted again
at the close, wliich wa« Irregular. Although
the completion of the preparation for the April
1 settlements 6eeros to ensure the money mar
ket against any present flurry, there is no ex
pectation in well Informed circles of an early
relaxation in money rates. Foreign require
ments-are too large to permit the money rate
here to run down without drawing gold. To
day's advance In sterling, in spite of the closed
markets in London and Paris, Indicates that gold
tn*y go out anyhow. Payments of Government
interest this week in London are expected to
oa»>e that money market, but the British Chan
cellor of the Exchequer will undoubtedly, take
advantage of the ; position to place ¦ the new
loan, which is expected to amount to U250.000.-
OOO. the monthly installments on which will
hold.lhe market firm In the future. Government
interest payments here In New. York of about
f 3.000, 000 will be promptly offset by drafts of
lawful money to retire bank! circulation up to
thp $3,000,000 monthly limit, allowed, applica
tions for which are already on file In Washing
ton. Other uncertainties which have overhung
the market 'for come time pact and relief from
which docs not appear In Bight promise to keep
a restraining influence on speculations for . the
Immediate future. .
Some of the speculative bonds were inclined
NEW YORK. March; 31.— The professional
element on the Stock Exchange had some hopes
that the favorable bank statement published on
Saturday ' during the holiday interval In the
trading would induce some speculative activity,
and they marked up prices at the opening to
day with a show of recovery. The market,
however, almoFt immediately developed the
pp<->tty character which has been the rule of
late arid fell into heaviness-: and stagnation.
There was another upward movement toward
the end of the .day, based on the assumption
thst the quarterly and monthly disbursements
New York Stock Market.
ST. JOSEPH
ST. JOSEPH, Mo.. March 31.— CATTLE-r-
Recelpts, 1450; steady to 10c higher. . -, Natives
$5 50(ii7;: cows and : heifers, '$1 50® 6 25- veals'
$3 50626 30 : stockers and • feeders, $°@5 25 ,- /
HOGS— Receipts, 4.'J00; -steady. LlshtPand
light mixed, fs 50@6 85:' medium and heavy
$6 8C©« 00; pigs, $4 50@5 50. - neavy,
SHEEP— Receipts. 3800; market 10©20c high
er. Western lambs, ' $6@6 75; Western I sheep
$4 25(56.
Nezu. York Metal Market.
i ¦ LONDON. ', March 31:— The London metal
markets were' closed again to-day. c but. business
there, will be resumed "'i to-morrow. -Without
market -advices "from Europe the. local' metal '
markets were - quiet ': and • sehei-ally, unchanged
The quotation, for- tin, 'however, was 5 lowered
about 25 points to $25 80@26.
. COPPER— Was steadily i held, with.LakeVat
12S12%c and electrolytic and casting at 12Wc
LEAD— Was quotet*"at 4%c •¦ ••-¦--¦ '
SPELTER— Ruled, steady, at $4 25.
IRON^-Was generally steady, to firm. No. .1
foundry,' Northern. ! ¦ 1 $19@20;^ No. -2.; foundry .
Northern,'$lS@19: No. 1 foundry. Southern ' $17
©18; No. 1 foundry," Southcrn.l soft,' $17 50@18."
SHEEP — Receipts, 14,000; sheep and lambs
strong to 10c higher. -Good- .to choice wethers'
$5@o 50;falr to choice mixed. $4 25@5; ; West
ern sheep, $4 2506:- native lambs, $4 5006 75-
Western lambs, $5 25@6 85. . v -
HOGS— Receipts: To-day, 42,000: to-morrow
30.000 estimated: left over, .6000 head; market
5@10c lower.. Mixed and butchers, $6 40@(j 90
rood to choice heavy, $«73@6 95: rough- heavy'
$0 40WC, e,0; li B ht, ?6 30@0 65; • bulk of. sales!
$0 4ij@<3 75. :" '.-. • ¦ - ¦ . • • .
CHICAGO, March 31. — CATTLE^-Recelpts,
20,000; -active and strong to 10c higher. Good to
prime steers", "$6 60@7 20;'poor to medlum,:$t 25
©6 50: stockers and feeders,', $2 50@5; cows,
$1 25®5 75r heifers,v'$2 50@6 ; canners, $1 25®
2 30; bulls, f 2 50<J?5 25; calves, $2 50@5 75 •
Texas fed steers, $5 20@«. ••..•.'
CHICAGO.
Eastern Livestock Market.
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was steady; creameries, 26@2Gy>c; dair
ies, 20(<x-. > >c. Cheese, firm, 12@13c." Ekks
firm; fresh, ll@14%c. - -
Articles— . Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 25.000 28,000 •
Wheat, . bushels ..'..... 59,000 ¦ ; 5.0C0
Corn, bushels ........... 137.000 W.000
Oata, liufhels 171,000 R2.000
Rye, ; bushels .."..... • 1 .000, ,- .........
Barley, bushels . — .....42,000 - ¦' "2,000
Cash quotations . were as follows: Flour,
easy; No, 3 spring wheat. 70@70!4c; No. 2 red,
77@78c; No. 2 -oats, 41%@415Jc; No. 2 white,
44#45; No. 3 white. 42%<&>44c; No. 2 rye, 50%
fair to choice malting barley, 62@67c;
No. 1 flaxseed. $1 C8; No. 1 Northwestern;
72:- mess pork, r>er bbl, $16 50@16 55; lard
per 100 lbs, - $0 70@9 72 >A; short ribs-, sides
(looEeV $8 80@8 90; dry .salted -shoulders
<box«d), 7%<3!7%c; chort clear sides • (boxed),
$a 2C@9 30; whisky, basis of high wines, $1 30.
EASTERN MARKETS.
: : VKGKTABLp;S — r AeparagrUH,', --'extra' fancy*
9@lCc per- lb, 7@Sc for No, :- 1 and • 4#6c f or No.
2:.- Rhubarb."'. $1@1 (!5 - pef >\' box : ' extra fancy,
$1 75; Green Peas," from Los-; Angeles.' 4@5c;
Bay Peas, '4 %@(>c; String Beans,' from Los An
geles, :8®12%c. Including ' wax ;' Cabbage, . 40c
per ctl; Los, Angeles (Tomatoes, ''$1@1 25 per box
¦ and'$l@l 50 per crate; Mexican Tomatoes, 75c@
$125 per box, Including repacked-; •; Dried Pep
pers; 10@llo' per lb;* Los Angeles do,13@17y.,e;
Drled ; Okra," . 12U>@20c per lb; .Carrots, SCig-OOc
per : sack;!. Hothouse Cucumbers, ,75c(g$l 25 per
dozen • for. small and ¦ $l'5O@2 1 for. large; ; Garlic,
1%&2%c:*Los Angreles ¦ Green -Peppers, ' 12%@
15c; * Mexican * do," 10@12%c;; Egg Plant," from-
Los- Angeles,". 25030c;; Summer; Squash,' from
Los Angeles, -. $1 2G@1 75;; Marrowfat- Squash,
$lCf£15;Per; ten;. Hubbard Squash, 510@15;
Mushrooms, nominal.- .* •. '¦ '.. :
; s Poultry andlGamc.'}'
There, was no Eastern ort the market yester
day.', but one.car.'willi so on .to-day.'. Receipts
of: California ; were ¦ light," but .there , was > con
1 sldf/rable «' stock'', carried ,'- over/ from '1 Saturday. '
, The, demand was .less brisk 'than it'was. but ao
.the receipts of; Eastern .'are, expected, to be light
thts^.week the market" may.' pick '.up on local
stocU.:' -.- " . r". '¦-.¦¦¦.•.'".,•'¦":.,¦ - :
. - of - Game were -'. 4S . sacks. ; Geese.
Rabbits. and Hare, were quoted .lower and sold
slowly at the decline. ' TmVtftmtyglghltfsa
-POULTRY— Live vTurkeys,* 14@15c for: Gob
blers -i and : 15@16c' for'Hens:-. Geese," per pair,'.
$15001' 75;, Goslings,. $2 2o@2 50: Ducks; $5 50
,00 for old and $7@S for young; Hens," $i@5 50,"
ONIONS — Oregons. $2@2 15 for the best and
$1 75@2 for ' lower grades: Australian, $3 50®
S75; r Green Onions, 1 40(g50c per box. -.
POTATOES— New Potatoes, *3%@ty.c ¦ per
lb; old, 31 25@1 40 for Burbanks from the river;
Oregon Uurbanks,. 31 :<5@1 : 70; Oregon Garnet
Chiles, $1 50@l U0; River Reda, $1 50Q;l 00;
Early , Rose, for Feed. *1-6O©1 75: small -Pur
banks.vfor seed, $1 1CQ1 30; Sweets, $1 7r.£l S5
for Merceds. ¦••- : ¦-¦ / ; . '.:¦- : :•;¦ , ¦
Receipts of Asparagus were liberal and prices
were -lower, as there . was ' no ' demand for ship
ping and the ' local ; trade was slow. New - Po
tatoes, ' Rhubarb and Peas r were ; firmly held.'
The demand. did not Justify the asking prices,
but many dealers had purchased large supplies
In the country at high figures and were obliged
to hold. Receipts from the. bay and river were
035 boxes Asparagus, 435 Rhubarb, 1ST Peas
and 73 sacks new Potatoes. Los Angelea Vege
tables showed little variation: 64 sacks and 49
boxes 'came In. Supplies of Mexican: Tomatoes
and Peppers are ; more than ' sufficient for ¦ re
quirements. "Two steamers, which .arrived Sun
day,: brought supplies aggregating; 1798 boxes
Tomatoes and: 9-'{ boxes Peppers. .
' Onions continued weak under heavy supplies.
Three cars came in by rail and 132 sacks by
eteamer. . / - v . T ¦ • .- : . . .
* All descrltDtons of old Potatoes were un
changed.j The Oregon steamer arrived with
10,264'; sacks, but there were no sales 'on. the
wharf! up to. a late hour.; ' Two cars of Sweets
came In and were readily disposed at the qua
tatlons.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables
SEEDS — Trieste Mustard, $2 50@2 65; Yfrl
low Mustard, $3 25@3 50; Flax. ¦ $2 25^2 50;
Canary. 31>» for Eastern: Alfalfa from Utah.
10%@llc; California, 10@10%c; Rape. 19i@
'2Yac: Hemp, 3%c per lb. -
DRIED PEAS — Niles, $1 60@2; Green, $1 50
@2; Blackeye, nominal."
BRANS— Bayos. ?2 40ST2 60: small White,
$2 25@2 00; Large White, $2 15(32 45; Pea,
$3 5G(fz>4: Pink. $1 90@2 1'.; Red. $2 50; Black
eye, $4 50@4 75 ; LI mas, $3 90@4 15 ; Red : Rid
neys,•" $a Bu@4 per ctl: ;.-
. Large and Small White and Lima Beans .are
quoted extremely weak,- but the other descrip
tions remain as before quoted. - The market Is
still quiet.
Beans and Seeds.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sel!
about- l%c -under" quotations. Heavy saltel
Steers. 10%c; medium., »ig,9%c; light, 8@8%c;
Cow Hides, 9c for heavy and 8c for light;
Stags. -t-grevic; Salted Kip, 8c: Salted Veal, 9c;
Salted Calf. 10c: Dry Hides: 16c; Culls, 14c'
Dry Kip, 13c; Dry Calf. ISc; Culls and Brands;
15c; Sheepskins, shcarllngE, 15@30c each; short
•JvqoI. . J .0@60c each;- medium. 60©75c; long
Wool. SOc@?l 10 each: Horse Hides, salt, $2 75
@* for large and «2 25@2 50 for medium, 51 75
4/2 for small and 50c for Colts; Horse Hide*.
a ', y> «£ 1 , 7B for Iar Ke. $1 25@1 50 for medium, $i
@1 25 for small and BOc for Colts. Deerskins
Summer or red skins, 35c: fall or medium
Ekfns, -30c;-- winter or 'thin skins, 20c. Goat
tklns — P.n.ne Angoras, 75c; large and smooth
Me; me ; ';,i, 35c. '¦¦: . ¦ ¦ ¦¦ - .. ¦ . . . • •
TALLoH— No 1 tendered. 5V'S6c per Ib-
No. 2. 4%@5c; grease. 3@3%c. .
-WOOL— Spring Southern. J:.' .months, 9@10c
do. 7 months. 9®llc: Foothill. ll®13c per lb
HOPS— ll@12c for fair and 12U.@13%c per
lb fcr good to choice, first hands. ," , .
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hobs.
' r ¦ ¦¦ . *
Articles— Open. HIsh. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2— •
May •- 71% 71% 70 Vi 71U
July •••• 72y 4 .72% 71% 72i£
September ..... 72% .72% 71% 72H
Corn No. 2 —
May 60% 60% 59% 60'^
July •--• 6i% 6i% coy* 60%
September ..... 50% ¦¦'. 59»i 58% - B9
Oats No. .2 — . • '¦¦
May 41% 42V6 41 "i .42-
July o4 34% 33«i 34 U
September. 29^;. 29% 29 -20%
Me;.s Pork, per bbl— ' ¦¦
May ...16 55 16 60 16 37& 16 55
July 16 75 16 77>i 10 47'/<i 10 72V.
. Lard, per 100 lbs —
May .'.,.9 72% 9 80 9 72 14 9 77y,
July *. 9 82% 9 87% 9 80 9 S7>i
September ...|. 9 1(2% 9 97% '"« 87% 9 92%
Short Rlbn. per 100 lbs—
May 8 87% 8 90 , 8 S5 8 00
July . ...... 8 07% 9 02% S 95 ;¦ 9 00
September ..... U 02% U 10 I) 02% » 10
The pressure has fallen slowly along the coast
snd a moderate depression overlies Southern
Oregon and Northern California. No rain has
yet fallen In California, but conditions are un
favorable fcr lair weather Tuesday.
The temperature has fallen along the entire
coaFt of California. In the "great valleys the
temperature* . are still from 4 to 12 degrees
above the normal.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending. midnight, April 1, 1902:
Northern California — Cloudy, unsettled
weather Tuesday with occasional showers;
fresh southerly winds; brisk southwest winds
oft shore.
Southern California — Cloudy. unsettled
weather Tuesday, possibly light showers; freeh
southerly winds.
Nevada — Cloudy, unsettled weather Tuesday;
cooler. In north portion; brisk eoutherly wind.
San Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy, unset
tled weather Tuesday, probably showers; brisk
southerly wind.
Southwest storm warnings are displayed from
Point Reyes to Eureka.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
"WEATHER CONDITIONS
Temperature — 7 a. m
BRAN— $1C@1O 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $19 5C@21 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $20@21 per
ton: OilcaKe Meal at the mill. $2502«; Jobbing,
*26 C0@27: Cocoanut Cake. $20CT/21 : Corn M»al.
$20© 29 50; Cracked Corn. $29 50@30; Mixed
Feed, $1(J«|;17; Cottonseed Meal. $20 50. ••
HAY — Wheat, $9@11 50; Wheat and Oat,
$8 5C(3$11; Oat. $8@10 50; Alfalfa. ?8@11; Clo
ver, $7@9; Volunteer, $6 50@S 50; Stock, ?6@8"
per ton.
STRAW — 40@C5c per bale.
., Middlings are higher. • Bran Is very firm and
also higher on the inside quotation.' , Some fluc
tuation In Corn products and . Mixed Feed will
be. observed. ,- Hay shows less steadiness than
during -the previous week, and $1150 Is now
quoted as the best price, with the usual ex
ceptions.', ¦ .•'¦'.¦ ,. :.'
Hay : and 'Fcedstiiffs.
CO11 OL*.N K— Or.e half-barrel. 9%c ; . three
half-barrels, 9%c; one tierce. 9%c; two tierces.
vYic; five tierces, 0%c per lb. -
LARD-^TIerces quoted at 8®S^c per lb for
compound and 11 %c for pure; - half • barrels
Pure,- U%c: 10-lb Uns, 12c; 5-lb tins. 12J6c;
3-lb tins, I2 1 ,4c. - «
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 12>£c< per' lb for
heavy, -13c," for light medium, 14c • for ¦ light,
15c for extra- light and 15i£c for sugar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 13%c; California
Hams. 12>A@13c; Mess Beef, $9 50010 per bar
rel; extra Mess, $10 50@ll; Family, $11 50«S12
prime Mess Pork, $1C; extra clear, $22 SOSiJ-
Mess, $18 50@lfi; Dry Salt Pork. $11 50@12 50'
Tof^?J ki * 21: PiBS> Feet - ?4 7& : Smoked Beef.
13V4iai4c per lb. .-
The longr-talked-of advance went' Into effect
yesterday. Hams, Bacon and pure '.Lard going
up %c and compound Lard Vic.- Barreled Pork
was also higher. This advance;places the local
market on a parity v/lth Chicago, ¦ and dealers
are no longer selling at cost or. below it. • Ths
demand Is nothing extra,, however. -Chlcaga
continues firm. N , '.' •
Provisions.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks: are. as fol
lows^-jusualidlscount; to' the -trade: Graham
Flour. ?3 per; 100 lbs; Rye Flour,- $2 75; Rye
Meal. . $2 50 ; ? Rice Flour. $7 ; Corn Meal. $3 25 :
extra cream do,-$4; j Oat GroatB. $5; Hominy.
S4@4-25; Buckwheat - Flour.: S4g!4 25; Cracked
Wheat,'.' $3 00: -_Farlr.a. $4 50; Whole Wheat
Flour. $0 25; Rolled Oats (barrels). $6 85^8 35;
in sacks, $0 50@S; Pearl Barley^ $5; Split Peas,
$6 ; Green Peas,' $6 50 ' per 100 lbs. '
"FLOUJR^CallfoTnia $3 50®
3 75, usual terms ;¦ Bakers' Extras. $3 40@3 60;
Oregon, i $2. 75@3 25 per 5 barrel for family and
$3@:i 50 -for Bakers'; ¦W'ishington~Bakefs'. ; - $3
@3-50. " ;?>; ¦¦ - ; ••..'-:-¦.. " -- '.*
Flour- diid-Millstuffs.
i CHICAGO. March, 31. — There " was good
strength in corn at the outset, due to the in
fluence of -the .cold -..weather West and South
west. This was a good excuse, to start cover-
Ing and buying, but the crowd which has bsen
active of late in a- bull deal in July options
Jumped Into the pit and sold 1. 000,000 bushels
of that delivery In -about ten, minutes. Specu
lators were staggered for a time' and all prices
lost in consequence. July lost 1 cent' to- 60%c
and May, - which j opened ,' % @ U c - tol &@%c*
higher at 60»£@!j0»4c, : slipped down '¦ to -50^c.
It was thought that the bull crowd hadlnten-.
tlonally bid up the opening- prices, .preparatory,
to the heavy selling. After this break corn
seemed to be absorbed In a quiet manner,' and
It was supposed ' the •'. cereal .was: finding ¦ its
v,ay back to its early : holders."- There 7 was a
disposition to cover on the "bull 'Seal" taifc;Jand
prices advanced ; -gradually.V- . The close -.was
firm, May - ifc@%c higher at- fiOt^C • . ; .; , i
A natural . reaction . from Saturday's decline
and the effect jof .the corn, strength, --causetl
whtat to open a £hade to;t&@VTe hlgherat 71^
@71%c. Statistics, exceptthe increase on pass*
are, were bullish: Cold weather.Uhough light
ly spoken of, had: its effect- through corn. : ' ; The
early tone was almost .strong "and. was -aided
materially by commission house: buying.'.,-. AH'
this - show • of ¦& re\-ivlng .' market went . glim-'
merlngr, however, when corn broke l'cent.' Th-?
market was" very unsettled'.; and > May .reached
a new. low mark for • the' .'Beasonr— 70>4c.,.'<Late
in the day there was some* talk of crop'dam
age In the -Southwest, but most of the specu
lators were inclined ¦' to ' treat- the argument
lightly. As corn recovered; scalpers took ad
vantage of the absence of a -selling pressure
in wheat to boost prices again, and May, rally
ing, closed unchanged at 71^@7Hio} " » ¦ - ; -"¦¦
Oats were dull and almost featureless. The
.market was easy at times., but" much stronger
than the other grains. May closed firm v«c
up, at 42c. ' "
.Provisions were Irregular. There was 'an
early strong feeling In the face of a weakpr
hog market, but it did not last long. Packers
bought freely after a slump and the markrt
closed steady. May pork and lard unchanged
and ribs 2^c higher. \
There will be no session of the board to
morrow — municipal elections.
The^cading futures ranged a3 follows:
' Chicago Grain Market.
THE COAST RECORD.
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature.
6S: minimum. 43; mean, 50.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures were reported from Eastern stations:
Boston 50-44jKansas City 45-32
Cincinnati 54-32 Omaha 40-32
Philadelphia C6-42 Chicago .42-32
Washington fc8-42 Duluth , . . .44-30
Jacksonville 82-56 St. Louis *.... 46-38
Ne w . Y ork ..60-40JSalt Lake City.. .46-30
Last 24 This Last
Stations— Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka .....0.O0 44.S0 41.88
Red Bluff.. 0.00 27.75 22.17
Sacramento 0.00 15.46 17.18
Kan Francisco »00 16.95 18.84
Fresno' 0.00 6.10 10.28
Independence O.OO 4.13 5.K1
Fan Luis Obispo O.OO 19.40 27.62
Los Angeles 0.00 10.37 : 14.11
£an Diego 0.00 5.84 9.19
SAN FRANCISCO. March 31. 1902—5 p. m.
" The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
•¦flat*, as compared with those of the same date
last reason, and rainfall in the last twenty
foifr houre:
a20th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
Weather Report.
¦ Mall advices from New York say, regarding
Almonds: . ' . . -",..- • , .^-;. :.:,-[
' /'Private cable advices to-day from the other
Fide, confirm previous advices as to damage by
frost to. the Sicily and; Spanish Almond . crops.
The cables quoted the equivalent of. 22',ic laid
down "on Sicily, and offerings', of . futures are
held at the equivalent of 20%c laid down here.
All .the .advices state that the damage has
been very serious, one report affirming that
the crop; in Sicily Is practically, destroyed.
These cables have induced considerable strength
on the spot among holders, and a good business
has been done, • Jobbers showing anxiety, to pur
chase. The market on Sicily shelled advanced
to-day to 22c inside. Some holders quote 23c
in boxes. Barl shelled are held practically on
the same " basis. ... Valenclas and j Alicante . Al
monds have not been materially affected. . A
cable limiting period of offering to forty-eight
hours was received late In the . day quoting
23%c laid down' here as lowest price on Sicily
shelled. A cable from France 'quoted 28%c as
lowest on Majorca- Almonds. 1 he wire • added
that the -weather there was frightful." ¦'.-
FRUITS — .Apricots. U&ilc lyr Koyals and
10(yluC ' lor standard to 1 fancy ¦ Moorparks;
Evaporated " Apples, 8@9c; sun dried, -5c;
Peaches, «^4<S8v»c; l J ears, U@9c;PIums, pitted;
5&0c; unpitted, 1%@2%c; Nectarines, 5%@tic
for red and, 5^i@«c lor white;- lies. . 4%c -for
black and,5',4@«c for white. •¦ .. '
PRUNES — JU01 crop are quoted as follows:
30-40's, 6%@0%c; 40-50's, 5@5J.4c; SO-ttVs. 4%
@4 % c ; liO-7 1>* s, 4@4 Vi c : 70-80' s, • 3 % @3 % 2 ; 50
l<0's, 3@3i4c; «0-loO's, 2%®2%c" per lb.
KAifcl^o — toeeatd. i!-crown, "8c ;" 6Vi
@7%c; Loose Muscatels, e^jc ;for;4-crown and
6>4c for seedless; 3-crown, Cc; 2-crown, 5%c.
Seedless Sultanas, 5%c for unbleached and 7©
8%c for bleached. Clusters — Imperials, $3; I)»
he&a, 92 50; Fancy, $1 75: London La yew,
$1 2501.35.. : • •(. -'¦
NUTS— Walnuts, No. 1 softshell. 9%@10c;
No. 2 8@SVic; No. 1" hardshell. 9c; No. 2. 7c;
Almonds. 10%@12c for papershell, • 9@10c ' for
softshel and 6@7c for hardshell: Fsanuts,. 5®7j
for Eastern; Brazil Nuts. 12@12%c;, Pllberts.
lSgia^c; Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts, $3 50@5.
HONEY — Comb, ll««12c for bright and U@il</
for light amber; water white extracted, 50
6c; light amber extracted, 4@5c; dark, 4c. "
BEESWAX— 27%@29c per Ib/ .
Dried Fruits; Nuts and Raisins.
Local bank clearings in March were $116.-
SJ>6,567. against $93,111,435 for March. 1901.
For the first three months of the year they
amount to $310,482,711. against $263,322,258 for
the same time last year. The heavy bank
payments in . settlement of the Market-street
Railroad sale swelled the clearings last month.
March Bank Clearings.
Informal .-Session— 9: T5 . o'clock— December—
10,000 ctls, ,78c; .2000; 78%c.<i
Second ; Session— No . sales. ' •''iyj'i . ;¦
Regulars Morning ' Session— May— 6000 ctls,
B2c;j400q. 92%c... '••*.'-•¦:-•¦.'. :.-..:. '
Afternoon ;. Session — December — 20C0 ctls.
OATS-^Contlnue dull at the old quotations.
Grays,. $1 30@l 40; whites, $1 ;Ju@l 45; Sur
prise,', $1 40@l 45; black ¦ $112%@1 22^ for
feed and $1 22%@1 32% for seed; red, $1 30©
142%. per ctl. .„ . .
CORN— Chicago declined 1 from 59%@50%c.
but rallied to' W%c. - The Harris-Gates crowd
were free .buyers of '-July. " -.;.'.. :.--.•. '
', This market was about as before quoted, with
no demand worth- talkins about. '.
Large Yellow,.$135@l 45; small round do.
$1 35#1 50; white,. $1 3501 45 per ctl.
RYE— OJ^i&'jSc per ctl. .
BUCKWHEAT— guoted at $1 C5@l 75 per
ctl. ¦ -' - - • •- s - ¦ '-,- ¦- >
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal "Session — 9:15 o'clock— December —
6000 ctls. $1 07% ; 4000, $1 07%.
Second Session — No sales.-
Regular" Morning Session— May — 10,000 ctls,
$1 08%. .. December— 60C0, $1 07 %•
Afternoon. Session— No; sales. - . :
BARLEY— The firmness was more pronounced
yesterday and cash grain advanced, feed sell
ing up; to 9«V»c,. with U7%c generally asked at
the close. .Stocks all over, the State are said
to-be considerably . reduced, and the market Is
firm in all positions. , .: ,' ¦ ¦ -.-•:
Feed, 1»5@JMJ He for No. Land 02%<g93%c for
oft grades: brewing and shipping grades, 97'/4c
@?1; Chevalier, 95c@?120.per ctl. '
CALL BOARD SALES.
WHEAT— Yesterday was a close day in Eu
rope, and no . quotations ,f rom . there were re
ceived.' The world's 'shipments; for the week
were as follows, .in quarters: ¦ Danubian, 95,
000; Argentine. -105,000; Indian,' 5000; Austra
lian,' 27,000. >The American visible supply de
creased; 1,383,000 bushels^ ,;• ; ••
Chicago" opened firm, with moderate commis
sion buying, but weakened off in sympathy with
corn. The latter subsequently recovered under
large buying,. carrying wheat back up with it: j
This markeLWas dull and unchanged. : , :
Spot . Wheat— Shipping, ?l 10; milling,
$1'11V4®1 13% per ctl. :;
Wheat and Other Grains.
John Lackmarm (owner) with Dewmr *
Quinn (contractors), architect William Curlett
—All work except . painting for two three-story
frame buildings and part basement (three flats
each) on lot on SE corner of Stelner and Her
mann streets; $18,305.
: E. Boschettt (owner) with F. V. Acker (con
tractor), architects Rosseau & Son— All work
except mantels, gas fixtures and shades for
alterations and additions to make a three-story
and basement frame building (store and fiats)
nn. 1O E .2 O I y I1 N e 7°0 f ; S"^ 49 E . ° f *™*-
D Abrams (owner) with F. P. Nicholas &
F - J. Brannan (contractors), architects Ros
soau & Son — All work except plumbing, tiling
painting, mantels, gas fixtures and shades for
two three-story frame buildings (fiats) on lot
Nm E :6 C b r y ne E O /7f6?$1^6a reCt ™* B™*™ 7 '
Same owner with Allen & Looney (contrac-.
tcrs). same architects— Plumbing gms flttiner
sewer work and tiling for some. .on same- $2322
Same owner with John Manning (contractor)'
architect same— Llncrusta. graining painting!
varnishing, tinting and whitening for same;
Mrs. A. jr. Hahn (owner) with N". B Rltchl*
(contractor), architect Matthew 0'Brten-AU
work- except painUng. plunjblng, gas fittine
el*ctrtc Trlrlng. mantels, gas fixtures T ami
shades for a two-story frame building on lot
E n 2l b'y ne i^ l mb 181:3 E ° tSMMr '
T^?«r~ A ", work '* ce *> t Plumbing, gas fitting,
painting, mill work, electric wiring mcnteU
an<l gas fixtures for a three-story basement
f" d attic frame building with brtck* found "tlcn
v£l e i? at , 8) T, 0 ?J 0t on N Un « ot Padflc avenue
WA 6 21: $7065! k 8tfeet - N 127:Sii by E *W?
Same owner, with .John O'Dea (contractor)
architects same— Plumbing, sewering and I gas
nttlnf for same, on same; $135S
William O'Leary (owner) with J V Camn.
bell (contractor), architect none— All wor*ft£
% tw^"2. tonr frame dwelling on lot on E line
E ISoTWsa 116 - S ° r Lak8 tr«V 8 »b?
t?™^"' ,^ a , urtce Casey (owner) with M V
?««/ £?"*'*«*<»>. architect Frank 9 Van
Tr«s— Brick work for a two-story basement
Pame ~ owner Trttn same, contractor arrhlt»«>t
SSf SST cotta u^, work - et0 - to * « ffS
Sam© owner with J. R. Tobin (cantrnt-tni-t
arewtect same-Plastertng for same^n^mi;
Builders' Contracts.
James Dwyer to Mary J. Dwyer. lot on NE
ll?l of^ SIxtM * nth ave *"ie. 1C0 S of N street. SE
50 by NE 100, block 307. Case Tract; gift.
H. D. and Frieda Free to Elizabeth T Far
ley, lot on NW corner of Seventh avenue ami
D street, N 49. W 100, S 59:3i&. E 100:0%;
$750. ;¦ -'. -•'¦.- v . -* t
-William F. Bomhorsf and J. O. Wilkinson
to Emma L. Merrltt and W. R. H. Adamsnn
fexecutors estate of Adolph Sutro), lot on NW
corn • of Forty-sixth avenue* and D street W
82:6 by N 100; $1.
Callaghan Estate Company (corporation) to
Alice Krampert (wife of Gustave). lot on W
25Vw E^>?$10 aVenOe ' X25S ° l H 8trCet ' S
Masonic Cemetery Association to Henry P
Anderson, lot on SW line of Ninth avenue. 75
NW of G street. SE 75 by SW ICO. block 100.
South San, Francisco Homestead and Railroad
Association; $10.
Leon or Lee and Phoebe Kahn to James" L.
Terkelson, ; lot on E line of Second avenue 225
S of California street. S 25 by E 120; $10
Catherine E. and Charles Wilson to Sebastian
Gramllch. lot on NW line of Folsom street, 250
NE of Ninth, NE 25 by NW. 90; $10..
• Bridget Barry to Ignatz Gelsrer. lot on SE
line of Clementina street. 125 NE of Fifth, NE
25 by SE 80; $10.
Francesco Grano to P. and Gelsanlna Frank,
lot on S line of Russell street, 180 W of Hyde,
W 25 by S 60; $10. - v.'-.-y
William G. and Frances Green to Jacob Hey
man. lot on W line of Douglass street, 30:6 S
of Alvarado, ¦ S 25 by N 100, lot 50, Heyman
Tract; 510.
G. and Carolina Cadenasso to G. F. and H.
N. Gray, lot on N line of Green street. 14.7:7 E
of Montgomery. E 45:10 by N 68:9; $10.
Nancy M. Moody to LIUie Hennelly, re-record
1739 D. 234. lot on S line of Jackson street.
224 W of Powell. W 30. thence at right angles
80:10. E 23. S 56:4, E 7. N 137:6. reserving life
estate; $1. , - v
John A. Sauer to Fred T. Roberts, lot on W
line of Dolores street, 182 X of Twenty-second.
N 26 by W 125; $10.
Thomas H. and Mary E. Browne to M. Sim
inoff. lot oh N line Twenty-fifth street, 180 W
of Sanchez, W 25 by N 114; $10.
Theresa F. Christie to Robert L. Christie, lot
on . NW corner of Church and Cumberland
streets, N 64 by W 105; also lot 7. block D.
Spreckels' subdivision of Park Hill Homestead
Association. No. 2;- gift. •¦-.,-
Alexander W. and Rose Wilson to Henry Ro
senfeld, lot on N line of Washington street,
47:6 \V of Locust. WMiyN 127:8%; $10.
German Savings and Loan Society to Henry
and Emllie Van Cortebeck. lot 6, block I, Ma*
rion Tract (hospital lot); $10.
Frank J. Devlin to Lena J., Mary P., Helen
E. and Virginia Glbbs, lot on S ljne of Wash
ington street, li7:G E of Locust, K 33:9 by 3
127:8%: $10.
Baird Estate (corporation) to Albert M.
Whittle, lot on NE corner of Haigbt and Clay
ton streets, N 27:6 by E 100: $10.
Ph. and Angela de Martini to Mary O. Fol
ger. lot on N line of Union street, 160 W of
Devlsadero, W 37:8 by N 137:6; $10.
Clinton Folger to same (wife), same; gift. .
Hessie McK. Scott (widow) to A. F. Bridge,
lot on S line of Vallejo street, 283:3 W of
Baker. W 25:9 by S 137:6; $10.
John Mulhern (single) to same, lot on S lino
of Vallejo street, 231:9 W of Baker, W 51:8 by
S 137:6; $10. -
George Coff ey to William H. Mills, lot on S
line of Jackson street. 05 E of Flllmore. E 25
by S 127:SV4: *10-
Eliza E. Gordon to Rocca M. Larajsw lot on
S line of Sacramento street, 137: « W oC Scott,
W 82:6 by S 127:814; $10.
Callaghan Estate Company (corporation) to
Adolpb Nusbaum. lot on N line of Eddy street.
105 E of Franklin. E 60 by N 120; (20.000.
Marguerite Cashman (Prouty) to Jeremiah T.
Burke,' lot on NW corner of Francisco street
and Van Ness avenne. N 37:8 by W 123; $10,
MONDAY. MARCH 81.
REATj ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
The receipts of duties on imports at the
Custom-house during . the month of March
«-ere $5CS,C27. making the total receipts since
January 1 $1,513,172.
Customs Duties.
• to advance, but there was no general activity
in the market. Total sales, $4,575,000.
United States bonds were unchanged on the
last call.
\ ';•'/. NEW YORK STOCK LIST. - ' ..
Stocks— Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atchison 5,200 77% 77}i 77%
Atchlson pfd :..... 9,700 97^4 97 07
Bait & Ohio. 2,300 106ft 106 106
Bait & Ohio pfd.... 100 95% 95*4 9±ft
Canadian Pacific .. 10,200 117 115% HGft
Canada Southern .. 1,500 88 S'i y* .87 >'«
Chesapeake &O hio. 1,000 4« 45^g 45%
Chic & Alton 300 35% 35ft 35ft
Chic & Alton pfd... 100 7«>i 76 Vi 76
Chic Ind & Louis.. 5,400 «6 65»i 65%
Chic Ind & L pfd.. 100 79 79 77ft
Chic & East 111 157
Chic & Great West. 900 24 V4 23% 24ft
Chic & G W A pfd 87ft
Chic & G W B pfd 45
Chic & Northwest.. 4,900 233% 231 233ft
Chic R I & Pac... 4,200 180ft 177V4 l"»ft
Chic Ter & Tr 800 18% 18 18%
ChicTer & Tr pfd.. 2,900 30 34 35ft
C C C & St Louis 101
Colo Southern ¦ 6,000 28% 27% 28
Colo Sou 1st pfd.... 500 71ft 71 70%
Colo Sou 2d pfd 4,000 42ft 41% 42
Del & Hudson 100 172 172 171ft
Del Lack & West 280
Denver & R G 42
Denver & R G pfd »0ft
Erie 3,300 37ft 37ft 37ft
Erie 1st pfd 200 • 69 68% 68%
Erie 2d pfd 000 55»4 55 54ft
Great Northern pfd 100 184% 184% 184ft
Hocking Valley 4,100 73^4 71 73%
Hocking Val pfd... 400 80*£ 86 \ 86ft
Illinois Central 2,600 142 141 141%
Iowa Central 700 49ft 49 49
Iowa Central pfd... 400 84ft 84 ft 84
Lake Erie & West. 100 «7ft 67ft «6ft
Lake E& W pfd... .... 129
Loulsvflle & Nash.. 4,300 106%' 106 106H
Manhattan L 6,700 134ft 1 133ft 133%
MetSt Ry. ex div.. 4,600 166 164 164ft
Mexican Central... 13,800 31ft 30& 30%
Mex National, "t r.. 3,000 • ' 19% 19^ 19^6
M inn/ & St Louis... 1C0 109ft 109ft 108ft
Missouri Pacific ... 3,500 100% »9ft 93Ts
Mo Kan & Tex 041Z
Mo Kan & Tex pfd. 200 64^4 5414 54
N J Central 190
N Y Cent, ex dlv. . . 500 163 162% 162ft
Norfolk & West 800 57 5BJ4 50 ii
Norfolk & W pfd.. ......... ..„ 90
Ontario & West.... 600 33U 325i 32%
Pennsylvania ...... 3,000 150 149% 150
Reading 22.100 E8ft 57% 57%
Reading 1st pfd 400 82 81ft 81ft
Reading 2d pfd 7,700 .- l»ft 6S% 68ft
StL&SF 1,600 67ft' 67ft 67ft
St L & S F 1st pfd. ..... .... . gog.
St L & S F 2d pfd. 1,000 74% ' 73% 74
St L Southwest.... :. . 26ft
St L Southwest pfd 3C0 59 59 58%
, i l £«»! 37.100 165% 163% 165ft
St Paul pfd. f 100 186ft 186ft 186ft
Southern Pacific ... ' 4,200 65% 64% 65ft
Southern Railway.. 1,000 32% 32% 32U
Southern Ry. pfd... 700 94'4 94W 94U
Texas & Pacific 500 40ft 40 40»4
Tol St L & West.. 100 21V* 21% 20%
To StL&Wpfd.. 400 37% 37V* 37ft
Union Pacific .... 8,300 100% 89% 100%
Union Pac pfd 100 S8 88 87ft
Wabash 700 23% 23« 23H
Wabash.pfd 200 42ft . 42% 42i'i
Wheeling & L E.. 100 19ft 19ft 10%
« & L E 2d pfd , 31 il
Wis Ontral 400 22% ¦ 22U Y>v.
¦ Wic Central pfd... 600 44 43% 43^
Express Companies— : - - n
Adams jjj 5
American '. ' '" «k>q
K- nI , t , ed r. states •••• 10 ° 1 '°" iio"." 1h
w f « Fargo 200 200 200 195
Miscellaneous —
Amal Copper ..26,500 64U 62ft 63%
Amer Car & Fdry 2.400 32 31% 31%-
Amer C & F pfd... 300 91% 91 91
Amer Lin Oil 200 25 24 V. 23«
Amer Lin Oil. pfd y * 52%
Amer Locomotive.. 1,300 31% 31% 31 «
Amer Loco pfd.... 800 94ft 94- 94U
Amer S & R .• ... 4«i'
Amer S & R rfd..'. ["J. 07J?
Anaconad MIn Co. . 1.500 116 ' li.3»; 114
Brook Rap Transl^ 2.0fX» 65 U 64% 64%
Colo Fuel & Iron.: 55.400 104'A 10° 102V4
Consolidated Gas . 4,700 226% ™~> ' %£>
Con Tobacco pfd... 900 120% 120 . 120ft
General Electric .. 1,100 i24«.i 32.-, S^O
Hocking Coal 700 20^4 •*) Ton'
Int Paper ]0 0 21 20%
Int Paper pfd 100 75ft ?5ft 76
NaS! S 1 :.:: !^?;^ «
Pacific Mail 300 44 I'." Ij
People's Gas 1,000 102ft 102 102ft
Pressed Steel Car.. 4,500 42ft 41% . 41%
Proved SC pfd... 600 85H S5 8i%
Pullman Palace Cr ..... •>?«*
Republic Steel 700 is" VlK *17»>.
Rep Steel pfd 500 74« 74^ 7I' 4
Sugar 28.400 135% 133% 13374
Tenn Coal and Iron 8,200 71% tou 71 1/
Union Bag & Paper 400 16>2 16% lfiiA
pjpn B & Ppfd... ; t 00 80ft so %
IJ S Leather 4.500 l.Ti^ ]2 t/ yi^l
1j S Leather pfd... 1,200 8-1 S2ft 82^
U S Rubber 500 17T4 . 17a? ,=??
TJ S Rubber pfd... . . jT. ... - : % l^A
U S Steel ....11.600 42% 41% 4,-?
US Steel pfd. 3,600 94% 9.^ V~K
U cetera Union ... '4C0 00% fiO^ ;gg
Shafcs Said 400.300'
NEW YORK BONDS.
H f ref 2s reg ¦¦¦ lm L & N unif 4s 102V
g I it Ss»s asss ?/ s 1
U S new 4s coup.l39V4 Do
U S old 4s reg. . . .111 r v y Cen {^ ' •• «-H
U fe %: <i 4s coup.. 112 Do gin SSr^Jg*
U « 5g res: 1O« N J On R en 5s in
U S 6s ecus ....10.) Northern Pac 4s 100
Atchison gen 4s.. 105ft, Do ?s "^tii
Do adjust 4s ... 94^ Xorf & w'ccn'is'imS
Bait * Ohio fc IlO44i Reading gen 3s 93^
1>j 5ft 8 ..... 98ii '.StL & I AI con 5 V 119%
Do conv 4e ...107 jrft L ft s V 4* £"
Can South 2de. . .lOsft :it L .S W lsta " * mi-
Central of Ga 5s. 110% Do 2ds "¦??.** I
Do 1st inc .... 78«, San A & A p'is' '«2
Ches & Ohio 4fts.lOS Pac 4s iiZ
Alton 3* 8 ; ? »yy O utheS Ry sl'lmfi
•>ii & O new 4s. SM Vexas & Pac lst« lai
C M&StP gen 4s.H0 Tol St L & W4sMii
8 r f 78 -S Un '°«-p«">«4»':io$:
'-- " 1 ,-- x* 4t..... 11^% Do conv 4« i(vt?
C-CC&StL gen 4s.lO:JV 4 Wabash. lsfs "jia^
Chi Term 4s . . . . HS Do Ids 111 i.
Colo & South 4s. . 04 % Do deb B ." ' ' \\&
Denver f : R Q 4s.l<K West Fhore 4s '"ill.
Er'.c prior lien 4s.l00'i W & L Erie 4s" Hi u.
Do gen 4s 87ft Wisconsin Cen 4s' unv
Ft W & D C lsts.H2ft!Con Tob 4 S fifiti
Hockins.Val 4fts.lO9ftl """ 6G?8
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
AdamsCon : 40 Little Chief *'iV
Alice .:. ... 45 Ontario ... " "" 7 *n
Breece 50 Ophir «,
Brunswick Con ... 0.1 1 Phoenix .. " n«
Comstook Tunnel-. O5j Potosl VS
Con Cal & Va....l 20 Savage '" it
I»eadwrrd Terra . . SO Sierra Nevada '.'¦"-- •>•>
Horn Silver ......I 40 Small Hopes . "' f",
Iron Silver 70 . Standard . it*
Lc-advjlle Con .... 07| V'Vfv
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Call loans .405 %\> E tln S h ec 'com'.'/ysiA
Time loans 4©5- Mln'Inr ¦ .
Bonds — ¦ I Adventure . . . 20>6
AtchisorJK* 10:$ Ullouez . . . . " %*
Mexican Oen 4s.. 82% -Amalgamated "." (c;u
N E.Gas & Coke.. 58 j Baltic .... il'v*
Railroads— BIngham ... ."" 04*
Atchieon 77% r Cal &.Hecla ....icoo
Do pfd 97 ji:entennlal .... oau,
Boston & Albany. 264 Copper Range ! 72^
Boston & Malno.l94ft|Don'lnlon Coal ""wu
Boston Elevattd.''^ jFn#k)ln ... y.™
N '-'•>: H & 1 <* / ft ! isi t ~ Royale - l'.V.
; Fltchbury prd v^»:o 'Mohawk "" tsv
Union' Pacinc '::. 100% Old Dominion ''.'.': \r>it
Mexican Central . 30'i Oseeola .-.-.-¦ ..... mv
Miscellaneous—; Parrot ... '.'.'"'>$'*
i American Sugar. .134 Quincy '"'121 '
Do pfd ........119 Panta Fe Copper!: 2V,-
Amer Te! & Tel. .173 Tamarack :- *>75
Dom I fz Steel.. 47 iTrlmountaln .:!!"o5
General Electric. .322 JTrlnlty ... ... - 14
.Maes Electric ... 37V4|Unlted- States ". '.' ]Rii
Dopfd,.'.; .9<! H.utah ;¦.*-.; ..:.;. 2° '
N K Gp.s & Coke.. 7% Victoria .......'. 1v.
\j S Steel ....:.. 41% winona -.;-...... UJi
Do pfd ....:... 93% Wolverine ... ... 61
Giant Powder Company has declared dividend
40 of 75 cent* per shsre.
Sterling Exchange, .60' days. .... — ' $* SOft
Sterling Cables, sight — 4 8S%
Sterling Cables .....;... .... — • 489%
New York Exchange, sight. . . . . . — 12ft
New Yerk Exchange, telegraphic — 15
Silver, per ounce. — ;. 5.'{%
Mexican Dollars, . nominal "—'¦]:¦ 45 ft
Exchange and Bullion.
Evaporated apples failed to show new feat
ures, but continued to manifest an. easy feel
ing. Prices are unchanged at ¦ the moment.
The movement was slow on all grades. State
common to good, 7@8%c; prime, 9@0Uc; choice,
»@10ftc; fancy, lOft^llc. ¦
California dried trults were generally quiet
and unchanged. Prunes were steady on small
Jobbing sales.: Apricots and peaches were fair
ly firm with moderate jobbing. trade. ¦ •
PRUNES — 3ft@7c. . ¦ -
APRICOTS— Royal. 10@14c; Moorpark, ; 11 }J
PEACHES— Peeled. Uftc; unpeeled, 8@10c.
DRIED FRUITS.
.-NEW YORK. March 31. — FLOUR— Receipt*,
29,608 barrels; exports, 29,918, barrels; , salts,
11,500 packages. Easier and a shade lower.
Business slow. Winter patents, , $3 90@4 15;
winter straights, $3 50@3 75; Minnesota, pat-'
ents, $3 70@3 85; Minnesota- bakers',' $2 50©
3 20. ' " •
WHEAT — Receipts, 14,400 bushels; exports,
212, 61S bushels; spot steady. No. 2 red, 82%c
elevator; No. 2 red. S5%c f. o. b. afloat; No. 2
Northern Duluth, SO'fcc f. o. b. afloat; No. 1
hard Manitoba. 82ftc f. o. b., afloat. • Wheat
had a\ varied experience to-day; opening stead
ier on the coli^avc west, it was hammered
down by the bears and weakness in corn, small
export demand and liquidation. From this it
later rallied on a large visible supply decrease
and returning strength In corn, closing steady
at %c net decline. May 77@77%c, closed 77 : fee;
July, 77 7-16@7Sc. closed 77%c; September,
70%@77%c, closed 77»/4c
HOPS— Dull.
HIDES— Dull. . .
AVOOI>-Steady. ." . -;• ?A "'w'V
COFFEE — Spot Rio quiet. No. 7. invoice,
5%c; mild dull; Cordova, 8ft@12c. Futures
closed steady, net unchanged, to 5 points lower.
Total sales, 9500 bags. May, 5.40c; July, 5.(3Oc;
September. 5.80c; October, 5.75c; December, ttc;
January, 6.05c. ;
SUGAR— Raw. . firm ; fair refined, firm.
Afternoon Session.
Beard — . ..*: ¦'" "¦ " "
SO Alaska Packers'. Assn .160 37ft
, 25 California Fruit Canners' 10100
10 Giant Powder Con...... 7975
30 Hutchinson S P Co 12 00
. ' , 5 Oakland Gas 57 ng
. 50 Pacific Coast Borax . . ....."* I65 f 0
CO S F Gas and Electric Co 4* 75
SflSF Gas and Electric Co........ 42 ffij'i
• 25 S F Gas and Electric Co........ 42 £0
' 20 S F Ga3 and Electric Co......... 42 37U
i ; 15 Spring Valley \Vater 92 25
5 Spring Valley Water. ......... 92 17*4
t)O Spring .Valley Water 92 50
$9000 Bay Counties Power Co 5i«.'... 107 50
$4000 Sacramento E G and Ry 5s..... OS 25
Street — * "
100 Giant Powder Con 70 7"i
-•100 Hutchinson S P Co ! ' 1*> 0O
*J)00O S F and S J V bonds...... "i«»4 00
$10,000 S P Cal 1st con (stamped)., "in 50
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCH.M«IGE.
Morning Session.
*"*¦. Board—
50 Home J.' V. ... ........ 5-*
250 Home ¦} ...... .......'.'.'." 3-0
.1000 Independence •.;..; " " fl X
lOGfl Lion ...-...-.-.............:...;""• 0?
200 t MontA Cri3to . .... ..-.V.... - - 1 Jiiz
1000 Petroleum Center^ "." «7
5000 Petroleum Center f s ' 30) . , : . .'...-- r>7
1200 Sovereign. .. " ,i
1C» Sterling, b 90 ......: ""' 1 " Zk
r.275 Sterling. .» '.'.'. 1 40
1000 Sterling, b CO.... ........ t Irt
1000 Sterling ..'. " | ,-..
20C0 Sterling.bOO.;...... ¦.........;;; J $$
¦ 'Afternocn Scs3lon. ' ' 2
Board — ;-i^JMBSBHBHHBll
- 500 Petroleum Center ........' , n 
'¦. : 2 Hanford .'.;..¦ .'.....'...*" rutnn
• PCO Sterling :..,.:.;..•:... ......;.. "-f
200 Sterllnfr. b «0. ¦ ,3"
100 Home Oil ............. •.•.""" 1 -n
1 im Junction ¦""¦¦ .,«•
r.00 Occidental ..... . . ;. . . . " " ' 10
500 Lion ....:.. •••••• i»
2C0 Sovereign, s 90..'. ..!!!"* . *28
MINING STOCKS.
"' Th<» . following '.were the rales on thn «;an
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board yester-
Mornlnft Session. .
. r.no.AUa :.::..... w, 500 justice ..' on
JOCO T.fEt /iBolch. "2'< fOO-.potosl ¦—'¦•"¦ lf .
400 Con Cal €¦ AM 301 200 Utah :'.:'.".'.". .'OK
WtKtEISBtBS Afternoon Session. . v .'""'¦ V
2C0 Belcher ..... 01 '.-200 Hale & Nor 27
100 BfstVe. Belch. ¦?" m.Hal. & Kot" ->«
- 400 Con Cal & . V. I ¦ ::o 5f« Mexican " 40
100 Caledonia .... .471! 100 Ophir ' too
"lCO.Gould & Cur. 0:>i 100 Silver*. Hill'"."- 52
-.- ¦-"'¦' ; ' 'MINING; STOCKS.
Following, were the rales In the Pacific 8tock
Exchange yesterday :. : . ;
Morning Session.
"Koard —
10 Alaska Packers' Assn .: ...lfirt 25
10 Alaska Packers' Asso ....."..... 160 S7ft
in Cal .Wine Assn . 99 75
15 Giant Powdor Con 79 50
110 Oakland Gas ........: 57 25
\ SOSF Gas and Electric Co 43 CO
10 S F Gas and Electric Co.. 42 75
." 25 S F Gas and Electrlc/feo 42 50
10 S F Gas and Electric Co 42 37}J
15 S F Gas and Electric Co 42 CO
15 S F Gas and Electric Co .."42 25
50 S F Gas and Electric Co. ....... 42 62ft
50 S F Gas and Electric Co 42 87 ft
. 14 S F Gaslight, cash 5' 25
48 S F Gaslight .'.-..;. 5 25'
25 Spring Valley Water...'. 92 Ort
¦ "50 SprinT Valley Water. '........ 92 6O
S40CO Bay Counties Power Co 5s.... ..107 50
$1000 I^os Angeles Ry 5s 121 *>5
$3000 Oakland Water 5s. r. . . . . lai 25
$1000 S P of Arizona (1910) lit 62ft
$10,000 Sacramento E G and Ry 5a.. 98 00
Street—
15 Alaska Packers' Assn ....160 00 r
$5000 Northern Ry of Cal 5s.. l?4 CO
JfiCOC S F and S.J V bonds 124 00
$21,000 Los Angeles Ry 5s. ...121 25
Ala. AW Os. 76%103 Oc SS Co 5s. — 101%
Bay CPC 53.107ft — Ombus C 6s. 131 135%
Cal-st 5s.... 117 — Pac G Im 4s. 96 100
C Costa 58..110& — • Pk&C.H CS..107 —
Ed L&P 6s. — — " Pk&O R 6s. 117 120
Fer&C H (5s. — — Pwl-st R 6s. 117
Geary-st 5s.. — — gac EGR 5s. 9S — '
H C&S 5%s. — — - SF & SJVOs.123 —
Do 5s.. -.. 99 — t Sierra Cal6s.lO7 —
L.Ang R 5s. 121 121% S P of A 6s
LALCo6s. — — ¦.;¦ (1909) 113^ «-"
Do Std 6s. — • — '¦ (1910) ..:.114%114%
Do gtd 5s. — 106% S P of Cal Cs
L A & P 5s. ion ' — (1905)Sr A.109% —
Do lem 5S.102 >¦—•¦¦ (1906>SrB.110i4 —
Mkt-st C fia.126% (1906T 112%'—
Do leni 58.11934120% fl912) 122^123%
N II ot C 6s.lll% — S P of.C 1st
Do 5s... ..123 % 124 c gntd 5S..12O —
N PacC 5s.l0ft%110ii Do stmpd.lll^ —
N Cal R 5s. 115 SP Br Cal6s.l4O . —
Oak Gas Cs. — ll.t S V Wat 6s. 110*4111%
Oak Trn 6s..123%125 Do 4s 2dm. — —
Do 1st c5a,112ft — ' Do 4s 3dm.lO2^4 —
Oak W G 5s. — 103^iStkn G&E6S.102 104 "
. WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 75% 77% [Port Costa... 63^ 68
Marln Co 60 — I Sprint; Wai.. 9214 92%
• -. . GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P.' 2Uj — Pac Light... 45 —
Eqt G L Co. 3ft 3Vj Sac E G&R.. S5 - —
Mutual — 4«4 S F G & E. 42H —
O G L^A H. 57 57V» S'F G L Co. : 5^4 ¦.
Pac G Imp.. 25-74; 3O*i Stktn G & E 8
--, . 'INSURANCE. .','"•*'•
Firem's Fnd. — 275 I '
. BANKS.
AhRlo-Cal .. S9"<4 — - L P'& A.... 166 170
California ,.422>^ — . Mer'Ex (Hq) lS'i —
Cal Safe Dp.ll7V4 — S F Natlonl.137% —
First Natlbnl rr , —
SAVINGS BANKS.
German v.. 1090 • — Sav & Loan. — ICO
Humboldt .. — — Security Sav — 340
Mutual" Sav. 79 — Union Trust. — 2200
S F Sav U.520 —
. - STREET RAILROADS.
California ... — .175 Market 100 — :
Geary — 60 Presidio — 40
POWDER.
Giant 70% — Vlgorit — 4
- . SUGAR.
Hana, ...... 3% — Kllauea .... — —
Hawaiian ..33ft— Makawell ..22ft 24
Honokaa I0V4 1"'— Onomea .-... 24i& —
Hutchinson .12 . 12}J Paauhau ... 10 12
MISCELLANEOUS." "
Alaska Pack. lfiO'i — IPac A K A. 2*1 3%
Hal Fruit As.int — |Vac c -Borx.165 —
Cal Wine A«. 99ft 90>4|Par Paint... IS —
Oceanic S Co 35 40 I * ; '
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
¦'-., .;*;•-'. - Bid.Ask.i - Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup. . .112 113 4s qr c <new)139H130%
ii qr reg....lll lll^i 3s qr coup. ..10»ftll0
UNITED STATES BONDS.
MONDAY, March 31—2 p. m.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
. The : feature in local stocks on the mornlwj
session was the weakness In Gas and Electric,
which declined from $43 25 to $42, subsequent
ly recovering to $42 87%. It will be.remem
bered that some time ago the California Title
Insurance and Trust Company Issued a circu
lar to Gas and Electric stockholders on behalf
of certain parties,- asking them . to deposit
their stock with the Bank of California, re
ceiving therefor, providing sufficient stock
were subscribed. $60 per share, with dividends
at the rate of 2~per'cent per annum until the
deal was closed. The deal is now off, less
than. 1000 shares having been deposited In the
bank. Hence the weakness in the stock.
Otherwise the market was featureless, bonds
being fairly active and stocks quiet.
In the ¦ oil stocks Sterling was active but
still weaker, selling down to $1 37H@1 40,
the others remaining about as before.
In the afternoon Gas and Electric continued
active, selling at $42 75@42 37}fc. California
Fruit Canners' was somewhat higher at $101
and Hutchinson Sugar at $12.
The Kern River Oil assessment was delin
quent in board yesterday.
Semi-annual Interest amounting to $1,517.
600 will be payable to-day on the bonds of rail
road corporations listed on the Stock and Bond
Exchange, including $906,525 by the Southern
Pacific Railway, of California; $118,775 by the
Northern Railway of California; $150,000 by
the San Francisco and San Joaquln Valley
Railway: $105,990 by the Southern Pacific
Branch Railway of California, and $93,925 by
the Los Angeles Railway. On April 12 the
Sierra Railway Company of California will
pay Interest amounting, to $19,260 on its bonds.
LOCAb MARKETS.
'CITRUS FRUITS — Navel - Oranges. $l<8il V5
for standard, $1 75@2 50 for choice and $202 75
lor lancy; extra lancy, $3; :• Seedimgs, ?l«i'
1 ; 75; >. Mediterranean Sweets, . $1 .75@2; • Tan
perlnes, in quarter, boxes, ¦' 75c@$l and
$1'25&1 50 in halt 'boxes; Lemons, .7oc<0$l-ior
common and $1 1'5@1 75 for good to choice and
S2@2 75 for fancy; Grape Fruit. $1@3. includ
ing seedless; Mexican Limes. ,$4@4 50; Ba
nanas, $1 75<ij2 50 per bunch for New' Orleans
and $l@2.for Hawaiian; Pineapples, $3@4 per
dozen. :.-\ ¦' \" ' '" " •' ' '
'APPLES— $2@2 25 per box for extra, $1 25®
1 75 for good to choice and oucQyfl xor orui
nary. •........;-,
* Prices on Apples were unchanged, but ' the
movement was not as steady as it was last
week. - ¦ •¦
¦ At the Orange auction 3 cars were'; offered
and sold_ at the following . prices: Fancy
Navels, $1 75@2 CO; , bhpice do, . ?1 65@2 40;
standard do, $1 10@l 45; 6tandard , Seedlings,
75c@$l 05.' In the open ' market the demand
was .less brisk, but prices were - sustained.
Price3 are higher in the growing. districts ow
ing to the large demand for Eastern shipment.
Two cars were received in the - open market
yesterday.- -. : ' .- ' ¦' ' ¦ . '. ¦
' Mexican Limes are selling at a decline. . The
Panama steamer brought up 482 bxs. '
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
WASHINGTON. March 31.— To-day's state
ment of the treasury balance ' in the general
fund, exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve
in the division of redemption, shows: Avail
able cash balance, $177,515,303; gold, $93,911,
279. ' -,'".'
Condition. of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON
TACOMA, March ,31. — WHEAT — One cent
lower; Blue Stem, .65c; Club, 64c.
PORTLAND, March 31.— WHEAT— Quiet but
steady ; Walla - Walla, • 64@64^c ; •'•. Blue Stem,
wm-c., ••.-.,, . ; ; ;¦•,,; ;. . .,,: ;^
Cleared— British ship Rockhurst,' for Queens
town,, with 80,080 bushels wheat: ,
I Foreign shipments for. the month were 1,100,
768 bushels of wheat and 23,063 barrels of flour.
¦ .Total shipments from Oregon- and Washing
ton : for the nine - months ending ¦ to-day (flour
included) were 30.044,561 bushels. ...
OREGON
Northern Wheat '^Market.
Bank clearings gain heavily in March.
European exchanges still closed.
Wheat unchanged. Barley a fraction higher.
Hay weaker, Bran and Middlings firm.^
White and Lima Beans continue to decline.
Potatoes in heavy receipt and quiet. Onions weak.
Vegetables in ample supply.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs about as before quoted.
Hams, Bacon, Lard and barreled' Pork higher.
Live Hogs again advanced under light receipts.
Poultry and Game quiet and easy.
Limes lower. Oranges and Apples quieter.
¦ FOR MONDAY. MARCH 31.
Flour, qr sks... 2.920 1 Middlings, sks.. S67
Wheat, ctls 32,8.17 Taliow. ctls..... 271
Barley, ctls..... 51.62S Pelts, bdls • 469
Oats; ctls....... 250 Hides. No. 390
Beans, sks 110 Quicksilver, flks 18
Potatoes, eks 1.74U Leather, rolls... 61
Onions, sks - 650 Wine, gals 42.400
Bran, sks...... 560 Lime, bbls 273
Alfalfa Seed, sks 10 Chicory, bbls.... 53
Wool, sks ...... 303 Sugar, ctls 1,920
Hay, tons " 560
• .. OREGON.
Flour, qr sks. ¦;. 0,009 Potatoes, sks... 10,264
Oats, ctls ....... '' . 750 Onions, sks 132
;"¦': WASHINGTON.
Bran, sks 1.700/ ''7 ¦
Receipts ;of Produce.
NEW YORK. March 31. — Money, on call was
steady at 3%@4% : per cent, ¦ closing offered at
3*6 per cent. Prime mercantile paper,- 4%@5
per cent. Sterling exchange was strong, with
actual business in bankers' bills at $4 87% for
demand and at $4 85%@4 S5% for sixty days.
Posted rates. $4 86@4 88%. Commercial bills,
$4 8474 @4 85%. Bar silver, ,C3%c. - Mexican
dollars, 43 %c. Bonds — Governments, steady;
States, inactive; railroads, firm. . ¦ ,'
Nezu York Money Market.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
MONDAY, . March 31 — 4 p. ra.
Bld.Ask.| Bld.Ask.
AInha 02 03|Justice 08 09
Aita 06 07 Kentuck .... 01 02
Andes 04 05 Lady Was*.. — 04
Belcher 05 07 Mexican 47 48
Best & Belch. 27 28 Occidental ...08 10
Bullion 02 O-'lOphir »» 1 00
Caledonia.... 4B 48 Overrfan .... OT 08
Challenge Con IS 20 Potosi 18 1.
Chollar 12 14 Savage 06 Oft
Confidence... 60 63 Scorpion — 04
Con Cal & V.I 30 1 33 Seg Belcher.. 01 03
Con Imrerial. 01 Sierra Nev. .. 26 27
cSn N™w York* 01 OS Silver H1U... 50 61
Crown Point.. 04 05 St Louis..... 08 —
Eureka Con.. 13 —Syndicate ... — 08
Exchequer... — OlUnlon Con... 27 23
Dould & Curry , 09 10 Utah . . . . .... 05 09
Hale & Norc. 26 28 Yellow Jacket 15 18
Julia — 04
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
300 Best & Belch. 2S 100 Mexican 4»
M0 Best &* Belch. 27 200 Ophlr 1 GO
5C0 Chollar I- 00© Overman .... 07
100 Con C & Va.l 3C 400 Potosl 1U
200 Hale & Norc. 27 100 Potosl IS
300 Justice 00 300 Sierra Nev... 2tt
100 Mexican 47 200 Silver Hill... 81
Afternoon Session
200 Best & Belch. 27 COO Overman 0T
10O Con C& V.I 27% 30O Potosi IS
MO GoSld & Curry 0V» 200 Silver Hill... K
200 Hale & Norc. 28 2CO Lnlon Con.... 28
°CO Mexican 43 GOO Ltan w
lOOOphlr 100 .
Morning S
PORTLAND. March '31. — Clearings. $401,316;
balances, $69,389. < , » ¦ ¦ ¦¦ ¦' * ¦ .
¦ TACOMA.,.March 31.— Clearings, $237,735;
balances, . $68,349. "
SEATTLE,- March 31.— Clearings, $ 557, 751;
balances, $104,991. • '¦'¦-*¦.. ¦-.-.¦ ¦ -
SPOKANE, March 31.— Clearings, $257,766;
balances, $95,402. .:.:¦;..••;,
Northerns-Business.
; .-. Receipts of Butter were heavy, , as ¦-. will - be
seen,' but : very , f air ; orders were 1 received ' from
the northern : coast, , and while .the- market . was
quoted weak" on the exchange prices ¦ remained
as at the close of last week. "There was a
better demand for the finer dairies than for
creameries, as second creameries ; were re
ported all cleaned up. ;.•-...
¦;-• Cheese continued easy under. large supplies.
There was no change in Eggs, -but the .mar
ket was weak, as it usually r' is -Just : after
Easter. \ Stocks and receipts continued large. ¦- '
Receipts were 05,300 pounds. and .3 kegs and
11 , tubs . of Butter, 1742 cases ' of; Eggs, , 12,700
pounds of California Cheese, 1 "- — — . pounds ¦ of
Oregotj ; Cheese and pounds of .. Eastern
Cheese. !£VMS^ninHni ' - "
BUTTER — Creamery, 21c per pound for
fancy,' 20c -for firsts .and — : — "for-" seconds;
rtalry, IV@ls>c; store Butter,. lti@17c, per
CHEESE — New, 0@10c;. old, Otgillc;
Young America, S&lOc; Eastern, ¦ 13@15c . per
pound.-; ¦¦-¦':.' , ¦ : - "' '.- *' - ¦<¦¦¦¦¦¦ '->'¦
EGGS— Ranch, 14@15c; store, 13@14c per
Cozen. « • • • .
Butter, Clieese and -Eggs.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL
NEW^ YORK. March . 31.— The '.visible supply
of grain Saturday, 1 - March -29.-. as' compiled by'
the New York Produce Exchange is as follows:
Wheat, 1 :- 49,565,000; 'decrease,^ 1,383,000. Corn,
8,739,000;: decrease. 309,000. Oats, .. 3.146,000;
decrease, 73,000. .-- ¦; Rye, - 2,099,000; increase,
29,000. Barley,- 1,575,000;- decrease, 184,000.
A vailable Grain . Slip ply.
young Roosters,' $6 50@7 50; old : Roosters, ' $4©
4 50p Fryers,' $5 50@C; Broilers, - $4 50@5 for
large and $2 50@3 60 for small; Pigeons, $1-50
@1 75 per., dozen. for' old and : $2 75@3 • f or
Squabs.- ."-• - .'" • : ¦">' ' .
¦GAME — Hare, 75c(g$l; Rabbits, $1 25 for
Cottontails and $1 for Brush; Gray. Geese, $2,50
@3;« White Geese, 75c@$l 25; "Brant, $1@2 per
dozen; Honkers. $3@4; English Snipe,, $3; Jack
Snipe, $1 50. ..-•¦¦
THE SAN FRANCISCO QALL., TUESDAY, APRIL 1, 1902.
VrOCK MARKET.
New; York Grain and Produce.
44 degrees.
8
TURPENTINE — 76c peY gallon in case3 and
70c In drums and iron barrels.. .-• ¦ 1 .
SUGAR— The '. Western : Sugar Rennlag Com
pany quotes . as. follows. - per pound. In 100-Ib
bags; Cubes,- A Crushed and Fine Crushed,
4.00c; Powdered. 4.33c; ' Candy Granulated.
4.35c; Dry Granulated. Fine, 4.25c; Dry Granur
lated , Coarse, 4 . 25c : Fruit Granulated. 4 . 25c :
Beet- Granulated (100-lb 'bags only), none;
Confectioners'. A,. 4. 25c; Magnolia A. 3.85c;
Extra C, 3.75c; I Golden C. 3.65c; . "D."
a. 55c; barrels. .10c more; .half barrels, 23c
more; boxes, 50c more; 50-lb bags, 10c more,
tor -all' kinds. Dominos— Half-barrels, 4.75c:
boxes 5c per lb. No order taken for. less than
75 barrels or its equivalent.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
6TATIOXS.
f
o
5
. <»
- K ¦ S ¦ 0
3g 5 3 s»
*Sg SSrff.
S 3 S- : o
E e - -¦
3 S
r - 1
¦¦'-': ' **
Astoria
Baker
•'arson
Kurtka
Frwtio
Flaeetaff ...
Pocatello, Ida
Independence.
Los Angeles .
Phoenix •
Portland
Red Bluff....
Roseburg . . . .
Sacramento .
Salt Lake
Fan Francipco
P. L. ' Obispo.
San Diego
Seattle
Ppckane
Neah Eay...
Walla Walla.
WInnemucca.
Yuir.a ......
.29.00
..30.02
.29.80
.29.86
-2S».S2
.23.92
1. 30. OR
..23.84
.29.94
..29. 84
.29.M
.29.80
-.29.78
. .2W.S0
.30.04
0.23.90
.sa.wr
..29. PS
.29.90
.30.C2
..29>4
. .29.22
.29.86
.29.81
62 44 W
54 32 SE
60 24 SW
54 46 SW
78 50 SW
S«J 26 S
54 20 E
.. .38 S
<j<5 4« W
82 44 W
62 44 E
<3S 4S SE
60 46 KW
70 rm S
56 30 KW
58 44 W-
6O 42 - S
CO 4R XW .
66 44 NE
(2 22 NE
50 4C E
4<5 24 SW
62 30 SE
86 54 SE
Cloudy .02
Cloudy .00
Cloudy .00
Cloudy .00
Cloudy .00
Pt Cldy .00
Cloudy .00
Pt Cldy .00
Clear .00
Cloudy .00
Cloudy T.
Cloudy .00
Cloudy .00
Cloudy .00
Clear .00
Cloudy .00
Cloudy .no
Pt Cldy .00
Cloudy .00
Cloudy .00
Cloudy ''.00
Cloudy .00
Cloudy .00
Clear .00
6TATIOXS.
f
o
5
. <»
- K ¦ S ¦ 0
3g 5 3 s»
*Sg SSrff.
S 3 S- : o
E e - -¦
3 S
r - 1
¦¦'-': ' **
Astoria
Baker
•'arson
Kurtka
Frwtio
Flaeetaff ...
Pocatello, Ida
Independence.
Los Angeles .
Phoenix •
Portland
Red Bluff....
Roseburg . . . .
Sacramento .
Salt Lake
Fan Francipco
P. L. ' Obispo.
San Diego
Seattle
Ppckane
Neah Eay...
Walla Walla.
WInnemucca.
Yuir.a ......
.29.00
..30.02
.29.80
.29.86
-2S».S2
.23.92
1. 30. OR
..23.84
.29.94
..29. 84
.29.M
.29.80
-.29.78
. .2W.S0
.30.04
0.23.90
.sa.wr
..29. PS
.29.90
.30.C2
..29>4
. .29.22
.29.86
.29.81
62 44 W
54 32 SE
60 24 SW
54 46 SW
78 50 SW
S«J 26 S
54 20 E
.. .38 S
<j<5 4« W
82 44 W
62 44 E
<3S 4S SE
60 46 KW
70 rm S
56 30 KW
58 44 W-
6O 42 - S
CO 4R XW .
66 44 NE
(2 22 NE
50 4C E
4<5 24 SW
62 30 SE
86 54 SE
Cloudy .02
Cloudy .00
Cloudy .00
Cloudy .00
Cloudy .00
Pt Cldy .00
Cloudy .00
Pt Cldy .00
Clear .00
Cloudy .00
Cloudy T.
Cloudy .00
Cloudy .00
Cloudy .00
Clear .00
Cloudy .00
Cloudy .no
Pt Cldy .00
Cloudy .00
Cloudy .00
Cloudy ''.00
Cloudy .00
Cloudy .00
Clear .00
AUCTION SALES
r^- If yon want a good Horse, *V_
>-*^ Wagon.- Surrey, Buggy. Cart, A±£
Harness or Saddle don't forget the big sale at
1140 Folsom st.. TUESDAY, April 1. 11 a. m.
A larse assortment to choose from. Salet every
Tuesday. .•''-..'¦¦': United States Secret Service Agent W.
J. Burns arrived from Washington yes
terday to asBist ¦ id the prosecution - of
Walter N. Dimmick tm the* indictment
charging him . with stealing and embez
zling 130,000 from the United States Mint.
Mr. Burns is one of the ablest and best
known of the secret service men.; He was
detailed to assist Chief Wllkle In guarding
the person of Prince Henry of Prussia on
hi* visit to the United States. J
Noted Sleuth After Dimmick.
The suit of the Bank - of California
against the city to recover |12,1$7 76 paid
under protest as taxes on the bank's fran
chise was argued before Judge Sloss yes-,
terday. It will be submitted on briefs.
Attorney John Garber, who appeared for
the plaintiff, raised the point that as there
are a number of private bankers doing
liusiness in this city who are not incor
porated and therefore do not pay any
franchise tax the levying of a tax on the
banks which have a franchise Is an in
justice. He pointed out the fact that the
bank owners pay a private tax and arc
assessed in addition for the privilege of
confluctlns business.
Object to Paying Double Tax.
It was "folly night" at Golden . Gate
Hall last evening, because Golden Gat«J
Chapter, of the Order of the Eastern Star,
the mother chapter of the order, gave a
"folly party" there. The hall was prettily
decorated with festoons of various colors
and evergreens, and a counter effect was
produced by the display of many gro
tesque figures. Colored calcium lights
were also introduced during the dance*
to put the many maskers Into various
shades. There were more than three hun
dred in' mask and fancy costumes, anil
many of the latter "were very rich and
elegant. . '.:¦¦¦¦',". '¦¦
¦ mere were ladles and gentlemen !n
court dresses of the olden time, modern
swell3, policemen, "follies" of both sexes,
great dames and Red Cross nurses, Ru
bens from the country, but none of the
Weary Willie stamp; Chinese men and
women and Geisha girls, the clothespin
girl and many others, who made up a
very pleasing aggregation of costumes
suited to the idea of folly.
The grand march, which was viewed by
several hundred people In the gallery,
was led by Mrs. Mary Fahrenholtz, the
worthy matron of the chapter, attired, in
a rich Roman gown, and A. Robert, the
floor manager, who figured as a student,
with gown and mortar-board.
This party, exceedingly well gotten up
and carried out. was one of the most
pleasant social functions that this pro
gressive chapter has ever arranged for
its members and friends. It was under
the direction of Mrs. Katherine C. John
eon. Mrs. Clara S. Foltt, Mrs. A. S. Hub
bard, Mrs. A. Ferson. Miss Louise Stev
enson, Miss' Daisy Pabst, Miss ";Xdah
Lunne, Mrs. E. Deininger, Mrs. Kate Har
ker, H. Schumacher, A. Roberts, W. Ir
vin, Dr. M. Seeley and J. Mitchell.
EASTERN STAB. CELA.PTEB
: GIVES "FOLLY PARTY"
Sheriff Rogers' custody until District At
torney Allen has. decided what shall be
done with them. They are Inclosed In
sealed envelopes, but Devine has an inco
herent recollection of their contents.
This is not the first tragedy the old
pumping station, where the murder oc
curred, has witnessed. Less than two
years ago— June 27, 1900— John W. White,
the pump tender, committed suicide in the
presence of O'Connor, who succeeded to
the suicide's vacant place. White had'
been there many years, but drink ?mas
tered him. One day in a fit of despond
ency he took strychnine while talking
with the man who lost his life there to
day. Before' relief could be given White
died, j Another life has now gone out at
that place of death.- '¦: .
O'Connor's reputation . among the rail
road men. is good. He .has been section
foreman and roadmaster for many years,
both', on tho Southern Pacific and on the
Atlantic and Pacific roads.- The O'Connor
children -are Mrs. Minnie Fella, Southern
Pacific station agent at Frultvale; Pat
rick. Frank, Margaret, Joseph, Catherine,
Nellie, Charles, Vincent, Aloysius and
.William, the last named aged 9 years. -
Mentally Unbalanced for Years.
I Policeman David "W. Swain, night Jailer
at the City 'Prison, knows both O'Connor
and, Devine intimately, having employed
them for years when he was roadmaster
on "the Central Pacific Railroad. Jailer
SWaln siaid to-night: . .
Devine. In my opinion, Is' Insane. I knew
him. well twenty-five . years ago, when I was
v/lth the. railroad in Nevada. He has no ground
whatever for his grievance. Mrs. Devine is a
good, honest, upright woman. She struggled
as hard as he did in the., early days of rail
roading to bring up their^family. What pro
duced his hallucination I cannot imagine. >¦
- I well remember, when Devine went ' oft to
Ireland . fifteen years ago. He slipped ,away.
after drawing $3000 from the bank, and Was
having a good time. . Mrs.. Devine followed him
aevo.ss the ocean, - brought ' him to his , senses,
and he returned with her. . . ¦
O'Connor: wasn't the kind of man to . ruin
any one's home. . He was under me for several
years on the old Shell Mound section. ¦ Devine
iv as a splendidly ¦ educated man, and he prld
t-d himself on the liberal' training he has given
his children. His wife Is as devoted a woman
to her family as a. wife and mother , could bo.
. For a number of years Devine has been
subject to : periodical spells of dementia.
His family has known of, his mental:dis
turbances, but has tried to keep his condi
tion ; a'i ¦' secret among themselves. Such is
the information which "was | gleaned from
friends of the Devines. But none of them
had;believed that the trouble would reach
a serious stage, i * ' .' ; ~ " - '
An autopsy was held to-night by- Dr.' A.
F. , Childs and < Dr. ,Wo6ds, the ' examina
tion disclosing that both of Devine's shots
took effect. •: One"' bullet was ¦ found :. In
O'Connor's head/the 6ther:one being lo
cated near the stomach, the missile hav
ing entered the back. -The course of the
balls- showed that Devine shot O'Connor
from behind. "The dead man could : not
have seen his assailant approach in time
to have defended himself, y >, "
« The : inquest will be 1 held "at 8 o'clock
Wednesday evening. ¦'_..*.. ¦_ ;-
'.;. Miss. Josie Devine is a school teacher
at Edgwood. ' She;. is a. graduate of the
Oakland High School, of the University of
California and of the State Normal School
at San Jose.';- ;. - > •-<•;•' -\ ¦•?,;?;•¦
i NEVADA^ CITY,": March 31— Fire . ha« de
stroyed, the hoisting works and building at the
Eclipse mine at Gold Fiat. The fire is hclieved
to have, been "the work of en' incendiary." • ¦»
"My father has had recurrent, attacks of
Insanity for several years," said Miss
Mary Devine at the County 1 Jail. r. "It is
this condition which has led'him to imag
ine these te.rible things. In truth and fact
there Is absolutely, no foundation in ¦ the
slightest degree for his delusions." •
Besides Miss Mary Devine there is a
son in ; San Francisco, Cornelius Devine,
who is taking a course of study . at ' the
medical department of the University of
California Affiliated Colleges. . The other
children living are Misses Josie and Kittle
Devine, : who . reside at Edgewood ' with
their mother: •: ..;:¦• ..-.-.. v
• The Devines lived twenty years ago at
¦861 Campbell street.' West Oakland; which
Devine says he owns, 1 , with; the next.door
cottage, 863 Campbell street. ¦¦'. , .-' ,,.
;. Devine said he was afraid his. children
would commit suicide, when, they heard
1 what he < had ; done. 1 In . his letter to Pat
terson he • had warned the hotel man to
, especially : . keep an eye on his daughter
Josie. .• The • letters < were -¦ given : • over * to
My mother spoke this afternoon of Devine's
visit here three years ago. I never * heard
father speak about Devine.; . •'" ¦ : ,
My mother and father -knew the Devines
years ago in Nevada, • when both, men- 1 were
working on the railroad. There father- and
mcther were married, v and • some- of us chil
dren were born there.- "Mr. • and Mrs. ¦ Devine
are godparents for my eldest sister, and Mrs.
Devine is godmother for my eldest brother.
¦ The last time fathor and Devine "were to
gether was at Edgewood, about nine or ten
years ago, when Devine .was section | foreman
under father, who -was. roadmaster. Since
then we have not known much about. the fain-'
lly. • , I remember ¦ that about three years ago
.Devine came to our house and saw mother.
There is absolutely nothing • i n his charge*.
Father was a steady and. a hard-working man,
honest and of the best .reputation. ; He has
lived In this city many years and never was
accused before of . wrecking anybody's • home:
Devine is surely insane. I cannot explain. thii
tragedy in any other way.. -
Such is the story of Thomas Devine In
his role of avenging husband. It is quite
a different explanation which comes from
the family of the murdered O'Connor. Tho
wife is prostrated with sorrow and there
are eleven children at the home, 5S79 Fre
mont street, Golden Gate, who • cannot
fathom the circumstances surrounding tho
killing. .
Frank O'Connor, one of the children,
had this to say: ..' ...:..
. Why, this man O'Connor had a mania for
wrecking homes.- I could tell of three or four
families he . has ruined. But- I have said
enough. He's gone. I put him out of ¦ the
way, and I am glnd, glad it's done.
No lawyers, nor any fight. for me. If I must
pay the penalty I can go to my grave peace
fully.
Dead Man's Boy Makes Statement.
¦ I told O'Connor of my grievance ¦. twenty
years ago, and he only laughed at me, but I
got him at last. . • ....'; ¦ • •'
The last time I came here, to look, for . him
I wore blue glasses, but this" time I had my
self well . disguised. I didn't want him to
know me, and he didn't. ¦ .
Well, he,'s dead. We will let the law take
its Course.' I am ready to go to the gallows
with my conscience clear and I am prepared
to meet my Maker. •
for a while and I went to Ireland. But I
came back and rejoined my wife, going to
Edgwood. •
O'Connor was there once, but I ordered him
out of my house. Three yeafs ago I came to
Oakland to look for him.. I went to Mrs.
O'Connor and had a long talk with her./but
O'Connor was then -working in Arizona or
Texas, and I lost track of him. Lately I
learned that he was In Oakland, and then I
determined to come after him.
AGED ¦' PRINCIPALS ; IN ' THE • TRAGEDY ENACTED WITHIN THE
. - ': SHADOW. OF THE SOUTHERN PACIFIC RAILROAD PUMPING STA
TION AND A DIAGRAM OF THE SCENE OF THE MURDER.
The Press Club Is to entertain in Its
Ellis-street home to-night with an April
Fool jinks. A limited number -of Invita
tions have been issued, and, in accordance
with the -rule which provides that ladles
be received at the newspaper men's place
of retirement once a year, the fair sex
will be welcomed. A' sextet of . native
Hawaiian's, singing the sweet songs of the
Southern seas and playing upon reed in
etruments, will supply dance music and
will be the feature of the e\'ening.
Winfield Blake and Harry Hermsen,
from Fischer's Theater: Frank Lincoln,
the humorist; Fred Stuber, the banjoist.
and Homer Lind, from the Orpheum; Tom
Guise, Ferris Hartman and Harry Cash
man, from the Tlvoli, and John C, Plver,
the German dialectician, are on the pro
gramme. Little Miss Kathleen Parlowe,
the prodigy violinist; Mrs. Henry C. Best,
eoprano singer; the Press • Club Quartet,
little Miss Gladys Montague of the
*"Browr.ies," in her dainty dances and
merry songs; Mrs. "Jack"- Wilson, Georgs
King, Nathan Landsberger and George
McEride also are billed to appear, and in
its entirety the jinks bids fair to sur
pass any previous effort of the bohemian
organization in this direction. Refresh
ments will be served in the jinks room
end Dutch room.
Chairman Elmore Leffingwell of the en
tertairunent committee will be in charge
of the function, which will be sired by
Eupprior Judge J. C. B. Hebbard.
PBESS CLUB TO GIVE
AN "APBIL FOOL" JIKJCS
Although It was rumored that some of
the clerks' salaries were being shortened,
it was not suspected for a single moment
that French was among the sufferers. It
Is known that It was chiefly due to
French's influence that Mahony received
the nomination for County I Clerk. Both
In the convention and after Mahony's
name was placed on the ticket French
worked Incessantly to have him elected,
and it was supposed that he would at
least treat French In a fair manner.
French's friends are very indignant over
the unfair manner in which he has been
treated, and some of them have gone so
far as to declare that they will call the
County Clerk personally to . account.
French subsequently denied that he had
made any such declaration, but admitted
that he -was not satisfied with the way in
which he was being treated.
All Is not.running smoothly In *C6unty
Clerk Mahony's ofnee, and there are ru
mors rife around the City Hall and In po
litical circles that there will be a startling
eruption in the near future. . It has been
confidentially whispered for some time
past among those who are In a position to
know that all of the clerks appointed by
Mahony are not drawing their full salaries
and that a portion of their pay 13' being
held back In order to pay political debts.
No definite charges, however, were made
until yesterday, when Chief Clerk Frank
French asserted in the presence of ex-
Assemblyman William Gullfoyle and J. B.
Bonner that $50 of his salary had been
taken from him. He declared that this
amount was added to the salary drawn
by William Deane, the former County
Clerk and at present a register clerk un
der Mahony. When French made this as
sertion he appeared to be very wroth at
the manner in which he was being treated
by Mahony, and is said to ha,ve threat
ened dire vengeance when he meets his
superior to-day. He declared to Guilfoyle
and Bonner that he was performing the
duties of chief clerk, while William
Deane was receiving the salary. French
declared further that he was not even al
lowed his salary warrant until he con
sented to the deduction in favor of Deane.
lf.it had, not been for * my trlfe:-X L would
never have believed what I suspected. • What
she told me I will never reveal. We separated
It . was a short time . afterward when I. finst
suspected O'Connor, but about Seventeen years
ago, when . we lived in \ Oakland,' 1 heard , the
stories which aroused me. >.:••; . > ; ¦ " ¦
this morning I bought two pistols, loaded
them, and in my working clothes. Just as I am
now, - went to Shell ¦ Mound. I had located
O'Connor at the pumping station . and wa3
ready to put an end to him.. 1 went down
to the beach, and at the water's edge-black
ened my face «o he would not recognize me.
Then I went- over to the tank. j: O'Connor- wan
behind a pile Of wood,, stooped over, cutting
with ftn ax. Twice I fired into his head, and
he dropped. I stood . there , ready . to ' put " a
bullet "into my own brains, when the men
came and stopped; me. ;~ ¦ -.-.'¦¦-
There he lay, the destroyer of my happiness.
For thirty years he had been In my though tn
and now the time had come for me' to -settle
all (icores. He is dead? I am glad of it. • t.r
• Thirty-five years ago Kate Flynn and' my
»elf were married In New - York. •' I . was . then
a young man. she a girl of 22 years. .We came
West, and at last I settled on " the Central
Pacific, *orking on the road.. It was at Camp
20. seven miles from Boca,' that, I -met O'Con
nor. ¦• He and Ellen Cummlngs.'- his < ¦¦¦ present
wife, -were married -at our •• home. • Myrwlfe
stood up with. the girl: ' "•-•••. • •• ¦.. v-
••Let some good brother see that: I am
cremated and my ashes scattered oft the
ferryboat between San Francisco: and
Oakland," wrote Devine to his lodge.
Devine made the following statement:
Blackened Face as Disguise.
From faraway Edgwood, in. the heart
of Siskiyou, came Devine Sunday on mur
der bent. A tall,' muscular, hardy man
is he, carrying his sixty years firmly.
Clad in his working . garments he left
home, telling his. wife and his daughters
Josie and Kittle he was going to Slsson
to have an aching tooth extracted. In
stead, he borrowed $60 from Harry Pat
terson, an. Edgwood hotel-keeper, and
boarded the southbound train, arriving
bunday. evening at . San Francisco. <; Stop
ping over night at the Cosmopolitan Ho
tel. Devine made preparations for his
crime. 1 He' wrbte several . letters, one to
Patterson, telling him to secure from the
railr.oad paymaster the money he had ad
vanced, and another to Occidental Lodge
No. 6, Ancient Order of United Workmen,
giving instructions about his burial, for
Devine says he intended, to commit sui
cide-as soon as he had killed O'Connor,
but he was too ouickly arrested. -
The shooter* » face was all blackened when
he stepped around the corner and shot O'Connor
at the woodshed. He fired one shot Into the
back of his head, and then another as O'Con
nor was falling. I saw the mah Walk away
with his gun in his hand. He. started down
the track toward Shell Mound, and saw ine
behind the fence at the works. He said :
"I've killed the — . I've been
looking for him for twenty years."
Officer Welch, of the racetrack, came up
then and took charge of the man, who handed
over his pistol to the officer. Others came
along and took the man away.
Strange is the narrative of this aveng
ing husband. But it is met with the fiat
tent kind of denials by his daughter, Miss
Mary Devine, a student at the Univer
sity of California, and residing at 2217
Fulton street, Berkeley, who says her
father has for years suffered from at
tacks of- insanity, and that his tales of
infidelity are the vagaries of an unbal
anced mind. ¦¦•¦¦¦¦•¦¦ ' .,
From the O Connor family comes the
similar firm and positive expression of
their unbelief In the utterances of the
imprisoned slayer of his 'old-time friend.
George Walsh, an employe of the West
ern Carbonic Acid Gas Works, a witness
to th« shooting, said:
Devine submitted to arrest without re
sistance and was taken to the County
Jail.. : Coolly and quietly lie declared his
satisfaction at the death of his enemy. .'
"I killed him and 1 am glad he is dead,"
declared the murderer. "He has ruined
my happiness, and for thirty years has
been my mortal enemy. He Came be
tween me and my wife and I have been
planning his death for years.''
Daughter Contradicts Devine's Story.
Those who witnessed . the . statement
were William Atkins, 219 Pacific avenue,
Alameda; A. Rels, George VTuish, 127U
Twenty-sixth street, Oakland. andC.E.
Angell, 102 Sixty-third street, Oakland.
They had gone to the scene as soon as
the shooting occurred. . . ¦ * • • '
I, John O'Connor, knowing I am about to
die, say that I was shot by a man unknown to
me, without any provocation whatever. .
could -not recognize his assailant,- the
blackened features . giving no'sigu iof
Identity.-- •¦••-¦ -¦- -• - - >¦ ~ \ v ' -••*-
James Welch, a . race ' track guard,- was
first at hand. He' heard tfie i shots, "ran* to
the tank house and took Devine in'
charge. He held one pistol In his hand.
The other, loaded weapon was in the mur
derer's pocket. Assistance was sum
moned, but O'Connor lived only half ah
hour. He made a dying statement,' which
Is as follows: ,.. . . ¦¦.-•¦
In • a suit for divorce filed by Maria
Craig against James Craig- yesterday Mrs.
Craig alleges that her husband has cruelly
beaten her and abused her on many dif
ferent occasions during the last five years.
They were married in London In 1878 and
have eight children living, four, of whom
are under the age of fourteen years. They
reside at 1C1S Castro street.
Craig, his wife alleges, is employed at
the California Sugar Keflnery at a salary
of more than JlOu a month and she asks
the court . to award her the custody of
the four, younger children and 575 a month
alimony. She alleges in ner complaint
that In. November, 1M0, he broke her wrist
and that In July-of last year he beat her
• £0 cruelly that she was confined to her
bed fur more than two weeXs. "'• - "• •¦•*'
Suits 5 for divorce were filed yesterday
by Leonie Ballestros against Charles Bal
lestros. for desertion; Lizzie". C. .Kelly
against George L. Kelly, for failure to
provide: Tillie Moss against William
Moss, for neglect, and iiatilda Degener
against E. W. Degener. for habitual in
temperance and failure to provide.
Divorces were granted to Annie Jones
from Her.ry T. Jones, for neglect; Jennie
M. Klapperich from John J. Klapperich,
for desertion; Lillian R. Davis from Fred
A. Davis, for habitual intemperance, and
Blanch L. Asbury from Harvey N. As
bury, for desertion..
Sirs. Maria Craig Files Complaint
for Divorce in Which She Makes
Serious Charges.
SAYS HUSBAND TREATED
HEE CRTJEIXY FOB YEARS
SAYS MAHONY
TAPS HIS PAY
The proposed anti-pokef playing ordi
nances were referred to the City Attor
ney for his opinion as to the power of
the Supervisors to enact such legislation.
The width of »the sidewalks on the
southerly side of Fulton street, from
First avenue to the great highway, was
ordered fixed at fifteen feet. .
The Sutro Railway Company was re
quested to pay 2 per cent, or $954 63/ on
the gross receipts for 1901 into the city
treasury. ¦ ,
The Public Utilities Committee was di
rected to include In the declaratory ordi
nance for public improvements the prop
osition <of the construction of a r.ew
county jail on the site of the present
County Jail on Broadway, or on a new
site.'- • ,:-
In the petition James B. Stetson, pres
ident of the road, declares that the con
struction and operation of an electric
railway upon the streets named would
be in the public Interest, and the electric
street railway is to be operated In con
nection with the present railroad of the
petitioner and to transfer to and with
the present railroad at all points where
it crosses or meets said railroad.
Braunhart urged the passage of the
ordinance on the ground that the char
ter made it the duty of the Finance
Committee to inquire specifically into
the financial condition of the ' corpo
rations. Braunhart said that an expert
was necessary to ascertain the true
amount of their operating expenses and
also the actual sum expended by them
in Improvements. r . -.
¦ Wynn opposed the* creation of the.po
sition because he said no better results
would be accomplished in securing in
formation from the Spring Valley Wa
ter Company and other corporations by
the employment of an expert than had
been done in the past.
The California-street Railway Com
pany applied ; for a franchise for the
term of • twenty-five years to construct
and operate by electricity, with modern
appliances, under such reasonable con
ditions as the board shall prescribe,
a street-railway beginning on Chestnut
street at the line of the Presidio Reser
vation,, running thence upon • and along
Chestnut street to Stelner street, thence
upon and along Steiner street to Green
street, thence- upon and along Green
street, to Franklin street, thence upon
and along Franklin street to Pine street
thence upon- and' along -Pine street
to Hyde street, thence upon- and along
Hyde street to O Fcrrell street, thence
upon and along O'Farrell street to Jcnes
street. .
The ordinance authorizing the appoint
ment of an expert bookkeeper to the
board for the purpose . of assisting in
making the yearly investigations Into
the affairs of light "and water compa
nies was passed to print by the Board of
Supervisors yesterday.
The Treesurer and Auditor were di
rected to transfer from, the Assessor's poll
tax commission account the sum of $31,
2S9 CO and from the Tax Collector's poll
tax commission account the sum of $147
to the general fund. <
The City Attorney was requested to fur
nish an opinion as to whether the board
lias power to sell any real estate belong
ing to the city and county. *
An expenditure of $3000 was authorized
in payment to Samuel Bloom, being the
purchase price of a right of way for the
extension of the Potrero-avenue sewer.
The Board of Works was authorized to
expend J1000 for alterations and additions
In the District Attorneys office in the Hall
of Justice.
An ordinance was finally passed order
ing the repaving of Clay street, between
San*ome and Davis; Washington street,
between Sansome and Battery, and Van
Ness avenue, between Bush and Pine
streets. - .-...-¦¦.
Brandenstein evidently is unaware of
the fact that the civil service provisions
¦were evaded in Boyle's employment with
the consent of Mayor Phelan.
The ordinance regulating the temporary
occupany of a street by building materials
was passed to yrint.
In accordance with the Mayor's recom
mendation, the position of cashier In the
Uicense Office, at a salary of $150 per
month, was created by ordinance, which
was passed to print. Brandenstein ob
jectea to the new position, holding that
the appointment should come from the
civil service list. The Mayor said he had
investigated the matter and learned that
thp position was a necessity.
. "There was a cashier In the License Of
fice, who was not under the civil service."
said the Mayor, "but he resigned at the
beginning ot this year. His name was
John J. Beyle."
"If that was the case," said Branden
stein, ••the Civil Service Commission was
derelict in its duty and so was Tax Col
lector Scott." , . -
The ¦ Beard of Supervisors yesterday
adopted a resolution directing the Audi
tor and Treasurer to pay interest amount
ing to $12,000 on teachers" old salary de
mands for November and December, 1898,
which were recently paid out of the sur
plus fund. Brandenstein explained that al
though an appropriation had been made
lor the purpose in the last budget, the
Auditor desired to be fortified by the
board's resolution before paying the in
terest claims. . • *
Masked with a smudge of burnt cork
over his face and armed with two -loaded
pistols, Devine came upon O'Connor, who
was chopping wood. Not a word was
ppoken. The plstol-wlelder flred two
bhots, one bullet plowing )nto O'Connor's
head. He sank to the ground, the mur
derer gazing at him. The dying man
years ago, Thomas Devine, a
Southern Pacific section foreman at Edge
wood, Siekiyou County, shot and • killed
John J. O'Connor, an old railroad em
ploye, at a pumping station a short dis
tance north of Shell Mound station,. on
the main line, at 11:30 o'clock this morn
ing.
OAKLAND, March 31.— Under the
stress of an insane Jealousy, and
a -belief that his victim had be
trayed a friendship formed thirty
California-Street Railroad Ap
plies for : Another ,
Franchise.
Brandenstein Charges Civil
Service Board With
Dereliction.
nor Near Old Pumping Station Beyond Shell Mound.
Says in Defense Victim Destroyed Happiness of Home
Thomas Devine of Siskiyou' Shoots and Kills John O'Con-
Will Employ an Expert
to Investigate Cor- •
porations.
Supervisors Order Its
Payment on Old
Claims.
BOARD CREATES
A NEW POSITION
DALTON LOSES
POLLTAX FEES
WANT ANOTHER
LIBRARY SITE
Supervisors Oppose Se
lection of Lincoln
School Lot.
Assessor Must -Turn Into
Treasury Unlawful
Commissions.
Judge Ogden Gives Decision
Along Lines Followed by
Supreme Court.
Consider Ordinance to Provide
for New City Hos
pital.
! Considerable opposition developed in the
Board of Supervisors yesterday against
the recommendation of the Public Utill-
I ties Committee that the Lincoln-school
site be selected whereon to erect the
library building donated by Andrew Car
negie. . *'£>£v/ • . -•
Brandenstein held that the Lincoln
school site was inappropriate for a public
library both from an architectural and
economic point of view. He argued that
the library should be in a more remote
locality. Comte's motion that the City
Attorney render his opinion as to the
right of the board to transfer school
properties for other purposes was adopted.
Braunhart objected to turtner delay, say
ing that the pebple were dissatisfied with
the dilatory action of the board regarding
bonded improvements. Brandenstem held
that the people should be permitted to
vote >on the proposition, as they were the
supreme judges as to whether it was ad
visable to acquire a site for the purpose.
Should the Fifth-street site be selected,
Brandenstein said, the people would be
prevented from expressing their will at
.the polls. . ' ¦
Action was then postponed on the ordi
nances, transferring from the school de
partment to the Public Library trustees
the Lincoln-school lot on Fifth street, 100
by 275 feet in area, as a site for the library
donated by Andrew Carnegie, and also
the lot on Sixteenth street* between Noe
and Sanchez streets, for a branch library
site. .¦¦¦<¦
The resolution providing that in the
preparation of the budget for 1902-1903 a
sum of money, not to exceed 7% cents on
each $100 valuation, be set aside outside
the dollar limit to begin the erection and
equipment of a city and county hospital,
was referred to the Joint Committee on
Health, Finance and Judiciary Commit
tee. The resolution pledges the board to
appropriate in the budget of 1903-1904 an
additional sum, not to exceed 7*£ cents,
to complete the erection of the hospital,
i The Mayor was authorized to purchase
a tract of eight acres of land In the Bay
View district for $8000 -for a pesthouse
site. The resolution on the subject re
quires that a right of way be secured for
a sewerage system and water pipe line
and exacts the gift of a lot of land, 23
feet by 100 feet In area, for the purpose
of a water supply. .
The, board passed to print a new ordi
nance making it unlawful to maintain or
to cause to be erected fences exceeding
ten feet in height.
The • Fifth-street Improvement Club's
petition that Fifth street, between Fol
som and Market, be bltuminlzed, was re
ferred to the Street Committee.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
111S Broadway, March 31.
County Assessor Dalton must turn Into
the county treasury all but $2100 of the
fees he has retained since 1S98 for collect
ing the poll taxes of this county and fur
nishing the city" of Oakland with assess
ment rolls. In other words he will have
to dig down into his pockets and bring
forth $5578 95 that he has been found to
have unlawfully diverted into those pock
ets..". '.;.¦. -, 1 - ¦
Mr. Dalton will have to do this becausa
Judge Ogden handed down a decision to
day in which he finds that the law does
not authorize him to retain fees for col
lections or charge more than actual cost
for assessment rolls.
Judge Ogden's decision is in line with
the one recently rendered by the Supreme
Court in the case of San Francisco
against Assessor Dodge. There it was
held that the retention of fees was. un
lawful.
Prior to 1897, Judge Ogden finds, when
the county government act was passed,
the Assessor was paid a gross salary for
his work as Assessor and 15 per cent for
the collection of poll taxes, besides fees
for any assessment books that might be
furnished cities.
Section 4334 of the Political Code de
clares that all fees must be turned over
to the county treasury. Section 148 of tho
county government act, that was enacted
in 1SD8, permits the Assessor to charge for
the actual cost of making the assessment
rolls, and he must file a sworn statement
as to the exact cost. Section 160 of the
same act fixes the salary of the Assessor
at $4000, and declares that "no compensa
tion shall be received for the collection of
poll taxes." Section 21S of that act says
salaried officers shall turn into the county
treasury "fees now or hereafter allowed
by law in all cases, except where specific
ally allowed."
"There is no doubt that it was the in
tent of the Legislature to flx the salary
of the Assessor as a full requltement for
his services," - Judge Ogden says. "The
defendant claims that there Is a conflict
between sections 215 and 160, but If thai
is so the later one controls, and so thero
is nothing in that. It simply means tnat
the salaries provided in the act shall be
full compensation for the services of the
Assessor." • T ¦ --: • .
In conclusion Jufge Ogden finda that tha
county is entitled to a judgment for tha
commissions and fees retained by Dalton,
less the cost of making the rolls — at $2100. .
The fees collected by Dalton were 15 per
cent of $25,136. worth of poll taxes that
were collected In 1900, amounting to
$3769 95; the sums of $1333. $1064 and $912
that were collected from the city of Oak
land for furnishing the assessment rolls
for 1899 and 1900.
As the Supreme Court has held that tho
Assessor connot collect commissions Dal
ton is likely not to attempt a reversal of
Judge Ogden's decision on appeal. Hl3
salary, by stipulation, has been tn abey
ance for several months, as the county
government act prohibits the payment to
an official of his salary until he has
turned over all fees on the 1st of each
month. This Dalton has not done for
several years. ~> .--.-
BODIES WILL BEST SIDE
. BY SIDE AT P3ESIDIO
Match Game of Ball.
'The. .Santa Clara College nine and the
St.; Mary's College team will' play &
match game of baseball at Recreation
Park on Thursday afternoon.
FOOTPADS ROB
OAKLAND MAN
Funerals of Late Colonel and Mr j.
Pope Will Be Marked by Mili
tary Pomp.
The funeral of the late Colonel Benja
min F. Pope and Mrs. Pope will be held
jointly to-morrow afternoon at 3 o'clock
from the post chapel at the Presidio.
Military honors will be paid the memories
of the deceased officer Hand his wife.
" The pallbearers v/ho will follow the re
mains of Colcnel Pope will be Colonel
Middleton, Colonel O'Reilly, Major Raf
ferty and Colonel Hall of the Medical De
partment and Captain Rumbo. The pall
bearers for Mrs. Pope will be W. T.
Veitch, Captain James O. Bradford, John
.Wightman, Captain John Stofer and Dr.
von Radeskl.
Chaplain McComber, U. S. A!, retired,
and Chaplain Esterbrook, who attended
Mrs. Pope on the transport Kllpatrlck
during her last hours, will officiate at tho
services, both at the post chapel. and tb«»
National Cemetery at the Presidio, wher*
the remains of the late colonel and his
wife ?.'ill be laid at rest, side by side.
Two footpads armed with revolvers held
up.' Herbert Cramer, -an insurance clerk,
at, the corner ; ot Pine arrt Battery
streets at 8:45 o'clock last night' and
robbed him of $40. Cramer had just. left
the', office of George -H. Tyson, on San
some street, near California, where he is
employed, and was hurrying to catch the
Oakland boat. As he reached the corner
of Pine and Battery streets two men
suddenly jumped out in front of him, and
shoving a pistol under his nose ordered
him to throw up his hands. The com
mand was Instantly obeyed. One of the
robbers then threw one arm around Cra
mer's neck and pressed the muzzle of a
pistol against his temple while the other
robber rifled the victim's pockets. They,
took Cramer's money but overlooked his
gold watch and chain.
After relieving the young man of his
coin the highwaymen ordered him to
move i on. When Cramer arrived at his
home,, 590 Sycamore street. Oakland, he
telephoned to police headquarters in this
city and reported the robbery, but was
unable to give a good description of the
footpads. ¦
MINING SUIT TRANSFERRED
• TO UNITED STATES COUBT
Three and a Half Millions Demanded
as Share in Proceeds of
Claims.
The suit of the Utah-Nevada. Company
vs. Joseph R. De Lamar was transferred
from the Superior Court yesterday to th*
United, States Circuit Court. The com
plaint recites that Isaac E. Blake, on
April 10, 1894, was the owner of a contract
for the purchase of mining claims ami
real property in Lincoln, Nev., known a a
the Monitor. Jim Crow and the De Lamar,
and tbat the defendant and he formed a
copartnership and purchased the mines
named. Blake subsequently sold his in
terest to the Utah-Nevada Company. By
the terms of his partnership contract
with De Lamar, Blake was to receive 43
per cent of the proceeds of the mines. It
is alleged that De Lamar has turned over
only $7363 44 out Of J7.00O.00O taken out of
the mines. The complainant asks for. An
accounting and $3,422,636. that amount be
ing 49 per cent of the alleged proceeds.
TROUBLE MAY ATTEND -
THE BUSH FOB HOMES
LOS ANGELES. March 31.— Although
there will be no excitement at the. local
Land Office regarding the San Jacinto Re
serve opening to-morrow at 9 p. m., there
may be trouble at the scene of the rush.
For two weeks seven substitutes have oc
cupied chairs in the Potomac Block, where
the . Land Office is located, under salary,
it is said, from an organization of River
side men. These will early to-morrow
morning give way, when the applicants
will take their places in .the line.
It was supposed that the Riverside men
were safely in .first place for the selec
tion of land, but a general alarm, was
sounded last evening when it was dis
covered that a number of men had gath
ered at Cochella, near Waters, Riverside
County. These propose to "rush" at mid
night to-night and squat upon the choicest
6f the reserve. The Riverside men, who
already have expended - several hundred
dollars to hold the first seven places, have
dispatched men to the San Jacinto Re
serve and will "rush" as well as regis
ter. ' : •.
Musicians Win a Victory.
Union musicians have won a victory In
the recent passage of an act by Congress
prohibiting any enlisted man of the army
or navy leaving his post to engage In any
pursuit in civil life which would thereby
conflict with civilians engaged in such
calling. The main object of the act Is lo
prevent military and naval bands com
peting with civilian musical organizations.
Licensed to Marry.
1 OAKLAND, - March 31.— Licenses to
marry were issued .to-day to John Mac-
Gregor, aged 24 years, and Jennie. Schnei
der, aged 19 years, both ot San Francisco;
William Falke, over 21, and Louise Per
kins, 18, both of San Francisco.
MURDERER GIVES REASON FOR CRIME
WHICH HIS DAUGHTER SAYS IS FALSE
TEACHERS WILL
GET INTEREST
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY,, APRIL 1, 1902.
c
9
ADVERTISEMENTS.
GRAPE-NTTTS.
The Right Food Will Drive It Away
FOOD AND NEURALGIA.
Good food cures neuralgia and many
other ciseases If it is the right kind of
food and taken regularly, for the' proper
food will surely rebuild the cellular tis-
eues and build the right kind of cells In-
etcad of " diseased dells. When the re-
building is under way the disease leaves.
That is the fact and the base of the
food cure. There are hundreds of thou-
eands of cases to prove the truth of thla
assertion. . ¦
A man in Delaware. la.. Mr. Thomas
Craven, says: "My wife has been greatly
effiicted with neuralgia and has never
found any medicine that would cure her.
"I was told that If she could be fed on
Grape Nuts Breakfast Food for a , time
che would probably get well, so we
etarted on Grape-Nuts. Within a very
ehort time Wife became entirely free
from pain and Is now. to all appearances,
entirely cured of her trouble.
"We cannot find words to express our
appreciation of the beneficial results from
this greatest food In existence, Grape-
\nmr The crutcli is a poor substitute for legs, and affords a very
j «T inconvenient and tiresome mode of locomotion — there is no more
iM pathetic sight than a person slowly and painfully moving along the
: W street supported by these artificial limbs.
' AV ' When Rheumatism settles in the bones and muscles of the legs, ..
. lf\ it is safe to predict that the victim will eventually become helpless
JI V and crutch-bound. The corrosive, irritating matter that is deposited
V in the joints and muscles causes the most intense pain, the knees
and ankles swell, and when the natural oils and fluids that lubricate
these -parts are completely destroyed the joints become locked and
. the muscles drawn and stiff.and crutches a' necessity.
The acid poisons that produce rheumatic pains form in the blood, and are
distributed through the system, and lodged in the arms, shoulders, hands,
back and feet, or other parts of the body — resulting often in total disability.
A permanent cure of Rheumatism can be effected only by a complete cleans-
ing of the blood; and no other remedy so surely accomplishes this as S. S. S.
It neutralizes the acid effects,, purifies and invigorates the stagnant blood,
and the gritty particles are washed out or dislodged -^.^
by : the new \ rich blood, -and : relief comes to the ((^H f(^N (TN
,pain -racked sufferer.. S; S..S V; leaves no morbid, . V^V
irritating matter in- the blood to reunite and produce
another attack, but expels everyT atom of it from T*—*' v " l «rr v * l -^ ;
the system. S.'S/S. is a purely vegetable remedy, and does not impair
the digestion or general health like;alk'ali or potash remedies..
Write for pur special free book on Rheumatism, and if any medical
advice or other information is wanted, our physicians will gladly furnisli
it without charge. THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO., ATLANTA, BA. 'jTHE SAN FEANCISCO GALL, TUESDAY, APKIL 1, 1902.
10
r'.-msi.r* WASTED. — FEMALE— Con. |
CHAMBERMAID ; wanted at the Manhattan
House, 8^5 Battery st.
OPERATORS on overalls; experience not neces-
sary. LEVI STRAUSS & CO., 32% Fremont
st.MR. DAVIS. .. - -:-.^-r.
YOUNG woman for - light housekeeping; $12
- month. ¦".: Call or address 710 Lombard st.
EXPERIENCED fcookfolders and! apprentice
1 wanted. BUS WELL CO.. 536 Clay St. ¦
APPRENTICE girls on coats; paid while learn-
lng. 1020B Folsom st. . '* ' ¦
A' GIRL. to do general housework; wages $20.
¦ 911% Larkin st •
GIRL for .light housework; good home; small
family.' 623 Haight st . :-'¦?'
GIRL to care; for small boy: Apply, to E.
_SWEENEY. 309 Third st.
EXPERIENCED girls to work on custom
coats^ steady work. 445 A Natoma st.
1 WANT Intelligent lady over 29 for office po-
sition. 131 : Post st, room 6, third floor.
WANTED — A girl .for light housework; no
cooking; no washing. 1800 Laguna st.
EXPERIENCED girls for bindery. GABRIEL,
410 Sacramento st. _
GIRL for second work and waitress; good
wages. Apply with references at 2440 Pa-
cific avenue.
WANTED — First-class girl to do upstairs work
and wait at table. Call with city references,
1521 Sutter st. '
WANTED — A refined girl, speaking German, to
assist' in taking care of a child. Apply 293U
Sacramento st.
GIRL. German speaking, for general house-
work. 1053 Market st, upstairs.
WANTED— Respectable Protestant girl or wo-
man of middle age, competent to do house-
work and cooking in family of two aged peo-
ple, short distance in country; a good and
permanent home; wages $10 to $12 month.
P. O.box 62, : Centerville, Alameda Co., Cal.
WANTED — 3 girls to. learn halrdressing, mas-
sage, manicure, switch, wig making, in 2
wks.; take charge of private customers; as-
sured $50 per mo. ; course $5; day, eve. class:
bring ad;worth $1. College,233 Geary, r.13-15.
WANTED — Mary, who lived at Belvedere with
Lucy and Avis. Call room 147, Hotel Pleas-
anton.
WHOLESALE house requires the services of a
competent woman; no bookkeeping or stenog-
' raphy. Box 4608, Call. ¦ ¦ , '
FINISHERS on coats and pants, steady work
guaranteed. BELASCO & HARRIS CO.. 541
Market et. ¦ '. -
BUTTONHOLE maker on vests, steady work
guaranteed. . BELASCO & HARRIS CO.. 541
Market st. - \ - .
WANTED — Girl to learn sewing and do. a few
errands. Apply M. LEDER, ladies' tailor,
139 Ellis st. ¦ •
At PaclficHalrdresstngColIege.Murphy bld.,r.94;
hairdressing.massage.manicuring.wlgs.swltcb,
- etc. ;course.$5;2 wks;positlon secured;day;eve.
APPRENTICES to learn tailoring. BELASCO
& HARRIS CO., 541 Market st. . ,
GIRL for general housework; no children; ref-
erences. 703 Broderlck St., near McAllister.
WANTED — Hand sewers. Apply at 37 Ninth
street. ¦ V :
WANTED — Hand sewers and machine sewers
at BUSBY'S, 207. Sacramento Bt. I
FIRST-CLASS botton-hole maker wanted; |
wages $12 to $14 week. 500 Kearny, r. 2.
A NEAT, willing young girl to assist with
housework In family of 3. 217 Third ave.
TYPEWRITING taught. $5 full course; short-
hand speed class. $2 mo. 927 Market, r. 305.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
HELP WANTED— .UAI.E.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO'S 104 Geary st.
....New Railroad Work Free Fare....
For Nevada I
' For Nevada
For Nevada
Free Fare .' Free Fare 1
' 500 teamsters $2 a day ',
500 laborers $2 a day :
100 rockmen $2 and Increase)
50 wheeler leaders $2 25 a day
50 plowholders . .$2 25 a day
20 stone masons $4 a day
50 masons' helpers .........^/. . .$2 a day'
4 steam shovel engineers $125 and found
6 crane men ' $90 and found
_For Chatsworth Park . !'•
B!g Tunnel . . .'.
100 tunnel men °....$2. $2 50 and $3 a day
50 laborers, outside work $1 75 a day
..^.......Fee $1 Fee $1...
Free "Fare....... Ship Daily .Free Fare
.'....".¦.. .'.Ship Night and Morning
Free Fare. .Free Fare
: Engineer and electrician for railroad tunnel
plant, $50 to $60 and found Free Fare
Harness-maker for railroad camp In Nevada,
$40 and found '. Free Fare
20 farmers, milkers, choremen and others....
... ''...!.. HOTEL DEPARTMENT .
Chef $125, second cook $80, first-class res-
taurant, north; French second cook, restau-
rant, city. $80; 2 butchers, country shops,
$30 to $40: head waiter $35, waiter $30, pan-
tryman $30, same country hotel; 10 waiters,
city and country, $30 to $45 = .. .
C. R. HANSEN & CO .....104 Geary st
ANDRE'S Office, 316 Stockton st.
Farmer and wife for orchard and take charge
of place, $50; man for. plain gardening and
chores, countrv. $30; gardener and tend to
horses, $25 to $30;- butler, small family, coun- >
try, $50; porter for a % country club, $30; ex-
perienced man to tend to dog kennels, etc.
ANDRE'S Office, 316 Stockton St. ~ ~
Second cook, French, $80;' second cook for
restaurant, $60;- assistant baker for' hotel,
$35; second cook, plain hotel. $25; chop-house.
cook, $35; waiter, short-order house, $40;
waiter, hotel, $30; dishwasher near city, $35;
cook and dishwasher, country hotel, $60; cook,
> country hotel, $40 to $50; dishwasher, small
" country hotel, $15.
ANDRE'S Office, 316 Stockton st.
Four farm hands who can handle a 2-horse
team, $25 a month; two assistant gardeners, 1
$25; three men for pick and shovel work, $1
a day, all for the same place In Sonoma Co.
2 JOBBING carpenters, $3 50 day; 10 railroad
laborers and drillers, $2 and $2 25 day, free
fare; 2 ironmolders; coremaker;»cheesemaker,
$35; 5 milkers, $30 and found; 2 ranch team-
sters, $30 and found : stableman for coun -
try, $30 and found; washer and polisher for
country, $15 week: 3 miners, $2 50 to. $2 75
day; choreman/for resort. $20 and found;
vegetable gardener, $30 and found; 20 wood-
choppers, 80c to $1 50 cord, and others. J.
F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st
BUTLER, $50 and found; oyster and chop'
nouse cook for country. $40 to $50; second
cook, boarding-house, $25 and found; porters,
waiters, dishwashers, vesetablemen and
others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacra-
mento at. , . ¦.''.'¦ • -
_ — ¦
fe;-.'o ¦•¦ ¦ — - ¦
WANTED :
Experienced operators on men's fine shoes;
skivers, vampers, stitchers, ~ folders; good
wages: steady employment. :'•»
Apply ROSENTHAL, FEDER & CO..
134 Main st.
WANTED — By one : of the leading wholesale
grocery houses of . this city, an experienced
salesman; none but men of actual road expe-
rience in the grocery line need apply; an ac-
quaintance - In the southern mines desirable.'
.. Box 4641. Call office. , r .'
WANTED — Good cook to take f ul> charge of
good paying restaurant; • 4 tables, 20 chairs,
-.long counter and 12 stools; must have $230
cash. .. Particulars P. S. de LUCA, 318
.' Kearny st. " .-
WANTED— A steady man with $125 for a plain
ev«ry day business that will pay about $70
• per month ; steady place ; experience not re-
quired.*. Apply 1016 Market st, room 10.
YOUNG man' to delivery : wagon;' must
< have experience driving In Western Addition.
Apply to-day. 0:30 to 11, at BLUM'S Con-
fectionery, corner Polk and Sutter sts., .
ENERGETIC .workers to distribute . circulars &
samples; permanent occupation ; good pay.
Distributors' League, .49 West 28th st, N. Y.
FIRST-CLASS operator on coats wanted; good
wages; steady job. . S. N. WOOD & CO..
27 Geary Bt. . . . : ;
WANTED — An errand boy at M. KRAKER'S.
,' 224 Buah st. ... . ' . ' '•¦'~'. ' ¦
ERRAND boy wanted. Apply at JOHN
. PARTRIDGE'S, 30S California st.
BO Y : to ¦ work - nights as porter; per week.
'. 212 •O'Farrell st
WANTED^— Cash boys.. RAPHAEL. :
WANTED—^Cash '., boys from good families ;
¦ must give * reference.* /Apply between" 8 and
g a. m.. VMAGNIN & CO.. 43-53 Ellis st.
PENSION and extra pay. Write SHERWOO D,
.624 Markt; Dast com. Watterson Post.G.A.R..
BARBERS — 3 'Archer ; barber : chairs . for sale.
i Apply. 325 Grant J ave. . . ¦¦. " ,
WANTED— 2 good shoemakers on repairing at
t. once. 749 ; Mission • st . . . ¦-
BUTCHER wanted at the Golden West Hotel,
vCS-76 Ellii st- ... '....-• . ,
WANTED— A good tailor for busheling at 625
.Commercial 'st '-•";¦ -.'¦ ;
LUNCH cook wanted to-morrow at NE. corner
i Bay and Powell sts. • ; . '
EMPLOYMENT . WANTED-—MAEB. ;
WANTED-^-By : energetic * arid s reliable -young
' man 28, position in store' or officer several
years',- experience in office work; quick and
accurate at figures ;. speaks French fluently;
would accept mederate salary to start; refer-
ences. Box 3768, Call office. : -
INDUSTRIOUS - gardener, understands care I of
horses, buggies, cows, vegetables, lawn, flow-
ers; in private family; 'willing and obliging;
jj references; country preferred. Box 4642, Call.
OFFICE man' wants- position; foreign expsri-
ence; banking, commerce correspondent In
several languages; bank references. Addrsss
box 4665.* Call-. office.
GOOD union barber • wants a job . In country
town: will board with boss If desired. • Ad-
dress G. IJ..;260 Stevenson Bt. ¦ . . " •
JOBBING blacksmith and shoer, married and
steady, wishes a situation; city or country.
Address F. A. M., box 4643, Call office., . v
FIRST-CLASS bootblack (white) lately from
East desires work in barber shop or hotel.
Box 4630. Call office. . ¦
YOUNG German wishes position as assistant
bartender or work of any kind by day time.
Box 4591. Call office. -
A FIRST-CLASS restaurant and merchants'
lunch cook, steady man, would like to get em-
ployment. : 535 Minna st ' j. ¦ "-' ;
COMPETENT colored boy whose father is
' blind desires situation of*any kind. 127 Sec-
ond st ...
FIRST-CLASS florist and landscape gardener,
also vegetables and orchard, wants position
on a private place; city or country; best of
references In California. Box ¦ 4583V Call.
SITUATION wanted by man with experience
and good recommendations as superintendent
or foreman- on construction ¦• of mountain
roads, ditches, power plants or dams. Box
4C06, Call office.
SINGLE man and sister want positions, ' care
of farm, ranch or private place, or some-
thing: experience and reference. Address
CHARLES DALE, 524 16th st, Oakland, Cal.
SITUATION wanted by man with best of ref-
erences to care for summer residence in
mountains. Box 4004. Call office.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1090
Valencia st. ,
FLATS TO LET. ¦
FURNISHED or unfurnished; beautiful new 6-
room flat; all rooms with bay windows open-
ing on park; sun all day; 10 minutes to City
Hall on HaiEht-st. cars. 47 Portola St., cor-
ner Duboqe Park, first corner west from
Stelner and Waller sts.-.
FOR rent — 2615-2617 Devisadero St.. 2 hand-
come new flats; upper 11 rooms and 2 baths,
rent $75; lower 9 rooms and bath, rent. $00;
. separate entrances; marine view. LYON &
HOAQ. 114 Montgomery st.
ELEGANT new flats; low rent; 755-787 Sixth
ave. ; McAllister, Geary, Sacramento and Sut-
ter st. cars to door. SPECK & CO., 667
Market st. '
CALIFORNIA, 2310%. near Webster— 7 rooms
and bath; rent reasonable. G. H. UMBSEN
- & CO. "- _^-
NICE cozy flat of 4 rooms; stationary wash-
tubs and bath; $18. 11S1A Howard st. ¦¦
$25— MODERN flat of 6 surfny rooms. 2719
Pine st, near Devisadero. ¦ '
SUNNY flat of 6 rooms and bath; large stable;
rent $25. 2940 Howard, bet. 25th and 26th. j
FLATS TO LET — FURNISHED.
COMPLETELY furnished flat of 7 rooms;
piano. 1530 Grove st. ; call bet. 4 and 5 p. m.
UPPER flat, 4 rms, bath, gas range, $25; lower
flat 2 rms., $12 50; 1 to 4. 1517 Golden Gate.
„'„'„„ JT'ff A £.CI AL. ' n \
PAcTFTKTuTidn^itrng'X/r^^
have 42 offices in operation; new method of
placing stocks and bonds; companies Incor-
porated; stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
or address main office. C07-8-9 Parrott bldg.
COMPANIES incorporated and financed; stocks
and bonds sold; good projects wanted; inves-
tigate our underwriting guarantee plan; write
us. Pac. States Mining & Invest. Co.. 320 Post
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak, $48 50. with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
. FURNITURE WASTED.
BIG price paid for furniture for 60 days; special
reasons. WAUGH, r. 415. Examiner bldg. .
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission st. pays' highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
D. & F. BLACK suede glove; best In the world;
warranted: kept In repair, i 121 Grant ave.
HELP WANTED^— FEMALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO. 'S. ..Phone Grant 185
......... HOTEL DEPARTMENT
30 waitresses, springs.... $20
3 waitresses, Arizona, free fare... .$25
Waitresses, summer resort, free fare. $20
CO waitresses, city and country hotels. $20-$30
Chambermaids to wait, city and country. .?20
Laundress, country hotel $23
Chambermaid, same place $20
4 chambermaids, city hotels $17.5O-?1S
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Cook, Berkeley, American family, choice
piece, see party here, $30; houseglrl. Belve-
dere, $25, see party here; houseglrl. San Ma-
teo. $20; houseglrl, nice family, country. $15;
C. R. HANSEN '&' Co'. '.'.'.'.'.'.'.'. .104 "Geary Vt
(Will remove. to 429 Bush st, April 3, 1902.)
A — FANCY ironer, $1 CO per day and free fare.
C. R HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
(Will remove to 429 Bush St., April 3. 1902.)
WANTED — Strong woman as attendant In bath
house, keep bathrooms In order, etc., $40:
2 chambermaids and assist waiting, country
resorts. $25; waitress, resort^ $25; 0 second
girls. $20 and $25; pantry girl." also .waitress,
for Institution, country, $20 each; 6 wait-
resses.' city, family hotels, $20; 3 nurses, ex-
perienced, $20, $25 and $30; parlor maid, $25;
French lady's maid, $25; 6 cooks, plain wash,
$30; 24 girls for housework.- city and coun-
try, $25 and $30; French cook, no wash; $30.
J. F. 'CROSETT & CO., 334 Sutler st.
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO Phone Main 1575
HOTEL DEPARTMENT .....
2 head waitresses, $30 and $35; 2 waitresses,
springs, $20; 16 waitresses, first-class com-
mercial resort< and city hotels. $25 and $20;
3 chambermaids, to wait, $20. city and coun-
try; 2 chambermaids, same hotel. $18; lunch
waitress, $5; 2 restaurant waitresses $7....
FAMILY DEPARTMENT ........
2 cooks. $30, city and county; second girl,
$25; houseglrl, $30, near city; 6 houseglrls,
city, $25 and $30 ....
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO .335 Geary st.
WANTED ! '¦
Experienced operators on men's fine shoes;
skivers, vampers, stitchers, folders; good
wages; steady employment. ~
Apply ROSENTHAL, FEDER & CO..
134 Main st
OPERATORS on overalls; experience not neces-
sary. LEVI STRAUSS & CO., 32% Fremont
st, MR. DAVIS.
WANTED— A neat girl, 14 to 16 years old, to
assist: in housework; apply this a. m. 420
Bartlett'st. . ..
EXPERIENCED hands on ladies' silk waists;
- steady work: good pay. S. F. Mfg. Co.,
523 Market st. -
EXPERIENCEIJ operators on ladles' silk
. waists. 656 Mission st,. third' floor.
EXPERIENCED operators on ladles' . wash
ovcrsklrts. . 656 Mission Bt.,' third floor. '
EXPERIENCED operators- on ladles' under-
wear. 656 Mission st. third floor. —
1C0 OPERATORS to take work 'home on chil-
' dren's wear.-. 656 Mission* st, , third floor. ¦
GIRLS to run .sewing;. machines; paid while
- learning. ; 656 Mission st, third' floor. ¦ .
OPERATORS to take work home ; on ladies'
skirts. 056 Mission st, third floor.
WANTED— Waitress or -girl to learn to wait
- table, restaurant. 52 Eighth st, nr. Mission.
GIRLS about 16' years of age will find plenty
, of good-paying work. LEVI . STRAUSS &
CO., 32% Fremont st, MR. DAVIS.
GIRL wanted for learning tailoring; paid while
f_ learning.. 718 Larkin if . -¦-..;.
GIRLS,' 14 to -.17. for •• factory work: apply/ at
, once. ; AMES & HARRIS. 100 Sacramento st.
WANTED— Experienced i apprentice on '.vests;
. paid - while . learning. . 604 Eddy st :.' - .
WANTED— Finishers arid - apprentices ; on "cus-
. torn coats. •.. 40 Ellis st. , , room ¦ 52: \
EXPERIENCED, apprentice! wanted on coats;
. good pay; steady work.., 26 Montgomery, r. 2.
GIRL ' for : general housework ; and * plain ' cook-
ing in small German family. -1444 O'Farrell:
NURSE girl for two children ; • references ; $12.
¦ 17 14^ Geary' st. 1; ..-¦ : '; - ¦ •¦¦•.
WANTED— Neat girl to assist 'in. housework;
: small family. 1044 Shotwell st. near 25th: '.,
GIRLS ' about ' 16 years of age will find plenty
'.•¦.' oT good-paying work, i LEVI » STRAUSS . &
CO., 32% Fremont st'.' MR/ DAVI8. . : • ..
GERMAN girl for - general - housework. 418
.'¦ Brannan Bt, bet. Third and Fourth. " .;
1 CLAIRVOYANTS— Contlnngfl. j
ISM AR. the Egyptian Gypsy, ; clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op-
posite Sixth; private readings daily. 10 a. m.
to 5 p. m. Sundays from 10 to 12 a. 'm.f\
MME. PORTER,, wonderful . clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil — second ¦ sight ; '
diagnoses diseases with life reading; ladies 50c,
gents $; palm, and clair. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
A — MISS M. WILLE, 32CA Ellis; clairvoyant,
crystal seer; reads your life correctly without
' ques.; full names; 60c-$l; 10 a.m. to 8 p. m.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business'
advice; names given; 25c up. Ii Fourth Et ,
A — Mts. Melvlll, wonderful clairvoyant, water
reader, has returned." 11 Cth ; German spoken.
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader from Louisiana;
only 10c; from 1 to 8. -262,MInna St., nr. 4th.
CARD reading and astrology. 148 Cth st', 'room
22, second floor; horoscopes cast .by mail. .
MRS. LAVON. wonderful fortune teller; truth
or no pay; 25c and 50c. 704 Howard, cor. 3d.
MRS. MALLORY/917 Howard, clairvoyant and
spirit card reader; consult me; L. 25c; G. 50c.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader; la. 25c;
gents 50c. 9.' 1 Mission, near Cth; open Sun.
MME. ODELL. clairvoyant; cards & tea leaves
read accurately; L. 25c, G. 50c.. 821% Eddy.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader; ladles
25c. gents 50c; readings daily. 132 Sixth st.
DENTISTS^ |
A— DltT. S. HIGg"iNS.~927~ Market St., Emma
Spreckels bldg.' — Painless dentistry at reason-
able prices; pure gold fillings, $1 60; other
fillings, $1: cold and porcelain crowns, $5
up i> plates, a full set of teeth that look nat-
ural and guaranteed, $5 up. ,
Painless extraction.
I do first-class work only and guarantee it
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or filling by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
.experience; no students; advice free: prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St.
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC.' S09 Market, cor.
4th, r. 7, Flood bldg.; extractions done pain-
lessly; teeth without plates our specialty;sold
crowns $3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50
.up; office hours, 9 a. m. to 9 p. m. ;' Sunday*,
9 to 2. J. \V. THATCHER. D.D.S., Manager.
EASY Dental Parlors, 6 Turk st, cor. Mason —
Expert painless extractors; skilled operators;
gas given: lady attendant. R. C. ANDER-
SON, D. D. S., proprietor and manager.' .-
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;'
warranted 20 yrs.: crowns, $3 50; fillings, 50c;
plates, $5, full set; all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st
SEE "fey new pink ivory plates; see my new
unbreakable bridge r both warranted lifetime;
crowns, $2; fillings, 25c. Dr. Brown, 54 Sixth.
DR.R.L. WALSH, S47 Geary, nr. Larkin — Pain-
legs ext. r>Oc; plates $5 up; phone Polk 1135.
DR. E. P. SHEPARD, 14 Geary St.— Expert
workmanship only: reasonable: hours 10 to 4.
MEYER, 46 O'Farrell. late of 6 Turk st—
Crown and bridge work; gas specialist.
SET of teeth without date. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st. ¦
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School:
corset making taught: patterns cut 1019 Mkt.
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. CREEL Y'S C. P. dog soap by druggists
or at the Hospital. 510 Golden Gate ave.
EDUCATIONAL. S
HEALD'S I SCHOOL bF~ELECTRICA£T ENGI-
NEERING — Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion, laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
practical; day and night. 24 Post St., S, F.;
catalogue free. ;
AYRES' Leading BusIness.College, 723 Market
— S8 per month; $50 life scholarship guaran-
tees a complete bus. education; shorthand,
typing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship,
spelling. Spanish, etc.; experienced teachers;
new. typewriters: positions secured; cat. free.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES, 24 POST ST..
S. F. — Thorough courses;ccmplete equipment;
- all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day and night; catalogue free.
ALL Gregg stenographers secure positions; 34
good positions ire March; rapid figures a spe-
cialty. S. F. Business College. 1236 Market
A — THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law , and medical
colleges: reference*. President* Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building. .
A — THE official reporters of Supreme Court ad-
vise their friends to attend tha GALLAGHER-
MARSH COLLEGE. Is this advice worth
following? Life scholarship ?oO; catalogue. ¦
GOLDEN Gate College. 530 Golden Gate ave.,'
San Francisco — One month free to these en-,
terlng for six months; bookkeeping or short-
hand course; positions soon as qualified. -¦•¦"¦
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallet School,
associated ' with theatrical . agency securing
positions. Alcazar building. 120 O'Farrell st.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec, mlning.mech.sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve.* est. 18C4. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City. Hall.
ACCOUNTING — Most thorough course on coast;
beginners and college graduates perfected.
TARR, expert accountant, 219 Parrott bldg.
CALIFORNIA Business College; most thorough
modern methods; positions for all graduates;
new 60-page catalogue free. 305 Larkin st
SPANISH.French.etc.Prof.De Filippe's Academy,
of Languages.320Post;e6tab'd 1871;ablest-nroftf. j
VIOLIN, guitar, mandolin, banjo taught In
class. $1 month. 1830 Eddy; phone Pine 433.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6tn.
SHORTHAND taught by mall or personal!'"
MISS M. G. BARRETT, 302 Montgomery .it.
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof. MERKI, good
\ teacher. 1008 Mission; Instruments selected.
$5 ONLY — Thorough bookkeeping at your home.
Expert. 302 Van Ness ave. .
ILLUSTRATION — PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— Night class. 424 Pine st.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post St.. S. F.;
founded 1863; new SO-page catalogue free.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES. >
A — JAPANESE reliable house-cleaning, cooks
. and waitres furnished at short notice. Geo. .
Klnoshita. 1233 Page, cor. Lyon; tel.Fell 8501.
CHINESE and Japanese help; eetab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 O/ay.
Grand Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office, 415 Stock-
ton; tel. Grant 168; expert, reliable help.
JAPANESE and Chinese best help; cook and
waiter. 421 Post. GEO. AOKI: teL Bush 133.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office — Furnish moat
reliable help. 524 Bush st. ; tel. 516.
•ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese, Chl-
nese help. 426 PoweIl,nr.Sutter;teI.Black 5072.
EMPLO YBIENT WAKTED— FEMALE,
ELDERLY woman desires position to assist
with light housework and children; terms
moderate; city only/ Call at 1111 Folsom st,
between Seventh and Eighth.
INDUSTRIOUS colored woman desires washing
to do at home or out by. the day; barber and
restaurant laundry promptly attended to. It.
L., 127 Second St.
WANTED — Position as nurse in confinement;
best doctors! references; good and kind - to
children: no objection to country. 417 Ivy ave.
YOUNG German woman wants housecleaning;
90c day. Address Mrs. L.. 9 Rltch st, oft
Fclsum, bet. 3d and 4th, In rear, top floor.
A GERMAN Ctrl, just arrived, wants a posi-
tion .for general housework and cooking;
refs. 470 Jessie /.st 1 ;. ...
GERMAN girl would like situation; chamber
work; no waiting. Call 2965, Sacramento st.
SITUATION AS HOUSEKEEPER by lady of
experience. Call 864% Mission St., room 7.
YOUNtf woman would like to do light house-
work; good plain cook. 162 South Park. .
GOOD German cook wants situation. 2929 Sac-
ramento st, near Devisadero.
A RESPECTABLE girl wants position In pri-
vate family as cook; wages $25 to $30. Ad-
dress 210 Golden Gate\ave. ' \
YOUNG woman wishes position as companion
to a refined Invalid lady;, will .take full
charge. MISS B., Call Branch.. 100 11th Bt
RELIABLE woman wishes p^eltlbn as . work-
ing housekeeper or general housework in
small family; thoroughly competent; first-
class references. Box 45SG, Call office.
WANTED by competent woman, position -as
housekeeper for summer resort, family hotel
or family. -Address box 4594, Call office. .-.
SINGLE lady wants position as housekeeper in
the mountains. Box 4257, Call office, Oakld.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st.' near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50
to $6 week: convenient and respectable; free
bus and baggage to and from ferry. '
" WANT ads and ¦ subscriptions taken ' for . The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 639 McAllister at. '
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st • .. . ¦.-. , ;
EMPLOYMENT WANTED^-MAXE. A
ACCURATE bookkeeper wants any clerical po-
sition;: shipping, ¦ importing < and '. commission
experience; speaks French, Italian, Spanlnsh.
etc.; excellent references; salary moderate.
Box 4600. Call office.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL. j
BUSINESS OFFICE or The San Francisco
Call, comer of Market and Third Etreets; open
cntll 12 o'clock every night In the year.
ERANCH CFFICES— £27 Montgomery street.
cirn*r Clay; cpen until 9:30 p. m.
300 Hayes etreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
«39 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
SI5 Larkin street; ojxn until 9:30 p. m.
1841 Mission etreet; open until 10 p. m.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
KRtll 8 p. m.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
109C Valencia street; open until 9 P. m._
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
2200 Flllmore street: open until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 5, R. A- II m
will meet THIS tTL'ESDAY) EVEN-
ING. April 1. at 7:30 o'clock, fctated JkX
meeting and M. M. degrea. By order / TT *
of the H. P.
i FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
GOLDKN GATE Lodge No. 30. F. and m |
A. M. — Stated meeting THIS (TCES- ~J0*_
DAY) EVENXNU. at 7:15 o'clock. t
Jb'PWIX L. MEYER. Secretary. * V '
PACIFIC Lodge No. IMS, F. and A. M.. ¦ j
121 I-xldy Bt. — Stated meeting THIS _«%_
EVENING, 7::5u o'clock. >LX
CB0R3B PENLINGTON, Sec. /V>
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144. F. and A. «
M. — Officers and members are hereby
requested to attend the funeral of tT3C
AUSTIN WALRATH from the Ma- * V
eonic Temple TUESDAY. April 1. at 1
o'clock p. m. Master Masons, relatives and
friends are respectfully invited.
A. S. HCBBARD. Secretary.
ORIENTAL Lodce No. 144. F. and A. »
M. — Stated meitlns UHIS (TUES-
DAY) EVENING, at S o'clock. TO?
A. S. HUEBARD. Sec /XT > |
THE annual meeting of the members of the j
Society of Procressive Spirituallxle will be j
held at their office. :','-'.T- Seventeenth et.. !
SUNDAY. April J:>. at the hour of 2 o'clock \
]<. m., for the purpos* oi electing a Board of I
Direitors to serve for <he ensuing year, and
the transaction of such business as may
come before the meeting.
JOHN KOCH. Secretary.
KOT1CE to the stockholders of The Rlsdon )
Iron and Locomotive Works Is hereby given j
that. In pursuance of a resolution of the J
Board of Directors of said corporation, j
unanimously adopted at a meeting of said <
board, held at the office of the corporation, i
in the city and county of San Francisco, I
State cf California, on the 17th day . of
March, 1902. a meeting of the stockholders
of The Risdon Iron and Locomotive Works
will he held at the office of the corporation, j
No. iS)S Steuart st, in the city and county of
San Francisco. State of California (the same i
being the principal place of business of said j
corporation and the building ¦where the Board j
of Directors usually meet), on WEDNBS- I
DAY. the 21st day of May. 1902. at the hour 1
cf 11 o'clock a. ni.,_for the purpose of con- J
cidering and acting upon a proposition to I
create a bonded indebtedness of said corpo- j
ration to the amount of six hundred thou-
sand (000,000) dollars. United States gold j
coin, for the, purpose of providing moneys j
to purchase additional property to complete !
the r.-orks and extend the business of the j
corijoration, and for legitimate and neces- j
«ary purposes. By order of the Board of !
Directors. (
(Signed.) AUGUSTUS TAYLOR,
Secretary o' The Risdon Iron and Locomo- '
tive Works. , i
——————— _ _- _
Resolutions, etc.. In first-class manner. J. W.
GRIFFITH. Heaidt; Du?. College. 24 Post
AGENTS WANTED.
Energetic gentleman, represent investment com- j
pany; chance of advancement to right party, j
'Homceoekers' Realty Co.. 537 Parrott bldg. I
ASTROLOGY.. !
HOROSCOPES cast; future predicted: readings !
by mail if desired. Raymond. 227 Taylor st
ATTORNEYS AT L.AW. !
R. W. KING. atty.. Examiner building, room {
CIS; a '. cases; damages, estates. wilU. mort- i
pages, partnerships, attachments, collections,
etc.: legal papers drawn; consultation free; j
no udvarce charges; open eve's; call or write, i
ADVICE free; divorces a specialty; quick;quiet;
no charge without success; established 10 yrs
G. \V. HOWE. 850 Market Et, cor. Stockton, j
ADVICE free; open every evening; low fees; ¦
al'. cases. J. M. THCRSTON. 819 Market st. i
1- S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket st.; consultation free; no fees in advance.
M—— — " — — —» — « i
mCVCLlSS— For Sale or Uxcbausc !
ALLEN is selling Eureka bicycles fast; swell- I
e*t thing out; agency Columbia. Monarch, otii- !
cr»; repairing, bells, pumps. 301 Larkin fct
FOR sale — $100; a fine tricycle (built fcr two), j
suitable for improving with a motor, for sale i
by F. HOLTUM, 817 California gt '
BIRDS. DOGS. ETC.
"WARBLING canaries and all kinds of song,
talking and fancy tyirds; gold fish, pet stock,
cages, globes, aquariums; bird and anlmaU
food of all kinds. 1540 Market st.,bet.8th&9th. |
HOOKS? NEW AND OLD.
BOOKS cf all kinds bought libraries purchased.
H. C. Holmes. 1149 Market; tel. Howard 1916.
BISIAttSS CHANCES.
WANTED — A partner with $600 to act as |
cashier in a bu&ine&s; guarantees $150 per j
rncnth; references exchanged. Particulars i
R. G. WILKIE.*28»i Keamy st j
RARE chance and great bargain if taken at j
' once; saloon close to 4 theaters; money j
maker: price $750. Particulars R. G. WILKE,
2(i»i Ktarny et.
A^-$10C0; UPHOLSTERING and carpet laying I
establishment on Devisadero st; rent $25; at i
lea&t *v)u stock on hand; good business; j
•ickneEs only cause of sale. Call R. ti. s
V'lLKE. 26^4 Kearny st
A— $500; RESTAURANT on Third st, close to \
Market; rent $50; place clearing $150 per
month. Call R. G. WILKE, 26^ Kearny et.
A — $300; SALOON with 9 furn. rooms, kitchen,
etc.; rent $25; great bargain; must be sold at
once. Call R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st
S1500 — ROAD house with grillroom; choice lo-
cation across the bay; rent $50, Including 4
furnished ruomt; a first-class paying propo-
sition. Particulars R. . G. WILKE, 2«J^4
Kearny et
$2500 — CORNER grocery and bar; kept by pres-
ent owner 17 years; a first-class located and
paying business; good and responsible man
will find a rare chance. Call R. G. WILKK,
26 '/» Kearny et.
KOTICE to buyers — It will pay you to call on
us before buying elsewhere. P. S. DE LUCA
A CO.. 31S Keamy st. room 1.
A — $800; AN old-established wholesale and re-
tall manufacturing business; previous expe-
rience not necessary. For particulars spply
to P. S. DE LUCA & CO.. 3f 8 Kearny st
A — $400; FINE cigar store on Kearny street;
clears $125 month; full month's rent Just
paid up to May 1: great bargain; sickness.
P. S. DE LUCA. 31b Kearny st., room 1.
KOTICE to sellers — We have cash buyers for all
kinds of business that will stand investlga-
tlon. P. S. de Luca & Co.. 318 Kearny. r. 1.
A— CIGAR Stands! Cigar Stands! Cigar Stands!
30 busy money -making stands. $75 to $2000;
I sell choice, well located stands only
Hedges. 4C1-4C2 Parrott bldg.. 825 Market
A — VERY profitable hotel and bar; long estab-
lished; best town this State; 45 rooms; low
rent; 3 years' lease; this house makes big
money. Ask HEDGES, 461-462 Parrott bldg.
A — SALOON; busiest corner wholesale district;
always busy; low rent; short hours; price
right to genuine buyer; fullest investigation
asked; old-established place. See HEDGES.
461-4(52 Parrott bldg. ¦
A — SALOON on Third 6t, close to Market; 2
years' lease; Jlne fixtures; $1000 stock; good
reason selling; $2750. Rohlfs Co., 41 Third.
A — P-AKEUY and delicatessen in Western Ad-
dition; 4 living rooms; rent $15; clearing $125
month: bargain: ?45o. Rohlfs Co., 41 Third.
A — PARTNER in boxwood business; well es-
tablished; 4 wagons; 5 horses: 3 men em-
ployed; bargain; $325. Rohlfs Co.. 41 Third.
A— *SO0; FAMILY liquor etore; clears $150
month; full value. STRAND. 209 Kearny st.
A— $300; DELICACY and branch bakery; good I
trade; 3 rooms. STRAND. 209 Kearny st I
FOR sale — Good paying boarding-house and sa-
loon: 20 rooms. For particulars inquire F. R.
S>QUIRES. 300 Railroad ave.. South San
Francisco. • ¦ .
A— $300; PARTNER wanted In established
business; $18 to $25 week, with chance to
increase: no experience required. 25 -Geary
st. room 4.
A— $300: PARTNER wanted: good chance for
eteady man satisfied with $18 to $20 a week.
40 Ellis et. room 13.
A — $300: PARTNER 'wanted; good chanc« for
cteady man satiffted with US to $20 a week.
40 Ellis st, room 13.
PARTNER to buy half Interest in corner gro-
cery and liar at invoice price; established 16
years. Inquire at 257 Fourth st
FINE ladles' tailoring store must be sold to-
day at bar?ain. Inquire at 912A Larkin st
A— ?125 BUYS ?250 cigar 6tacd; best location;
fine bueiness. Call at 245 Third st ¦: \ -
I HAVE $250 to Invent In any rood saloon;
country preferred. . Box 4659, Call, office.* :
FOR Bale — Good paying restaurant. 416 3d et;
llYiEiz rooms; owner going north.
LOST ASD KOUSD.
%XX> LOST on leaving steam cars at ClifT
Hou3O Sunday afternoon, a diamond stud.
Return to M. H.. 2134 O'Farrell St.. and re-
ceive reward.
LOST^Cocker spaniel dog. black, white l!ne
on breast: tasr number 4C57. Return to P. E.
HASLETT. 2208 Baker st; reward^
LOST-VTwo diamond rings, between 418 Sut-.
ter st. and White House. Liberal reward by
returning same to 418 Sutter st
LADY'S gold watch, between Twentieth and
Lexington ave. to Mission car to ferry, on 8
o'clock boat and train to 1257 Eighth st.
Oakland. ¦
LOST — Silver beaded pur3e containing letter
with address. Reward at 523 Market st.
LOST — Black spitz dog. with white breast; an-
swers to Gyp. Reward at OSS McAllister St.
LOST— March 27, from Dr Buzard's dog hos-
pital, cor. Post and Fillmore sts., a black
cocker dog. Return to owner, 413 Hyde st,
and receive reward.
LOST — Fr5t1ay night, probably on Hayes-st.
cars, ladles' sold watch, fob chain, lockets,
charms, scent bottle, etc.: suitable reward;
no questions. C. M. COLE. 1039 Market st.
LOST — Black greyhound bitch puppy, 3 months
: old, from the Mission; reward. 29S1 24th st.
FOUND-^Bunch'of keys cor. Golden Gate ave.
and Hyde st. Call dairy, 1228 Folsom st.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the Califor-
nia Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter st.. needs old
«rold mil nilver tr> make new watch ca#e»
MATRIMONIAL.
MARRIAGE bureau; est 1SS7; reliable and.
confidential: lists 10c. Mrs. Hertx. 70tt Ellis.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized; uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS.. 411 to 413 Powell
st: tel. Bush 421.
Brass, iron beds; mattresses; pillows: window
. ehade*. J.F. Hotter. 712 Mission: teUMaln 73O.
¦ MEDICAL.
A — DR. O*DONNELL. world-renowned special-
ist — L^Hles, all who are sick or In trouble,
consult the specialist on female complaints;
menstrual female complaints positively cor-
rected; the unfortunate helped; relief In all
cases taken; the most difficult cases treated;
have relieved thousands of most obstinate
cases; free, confidential advice on all subject*
of a delicate nature. DR. G. W. C DON-
NELL, office & residence. 1018 Mkt., op. 5th.
A — Mrs. Sweet, graduate of Royal University,
Berlin, in midwifery cases; takes ladles before
and during confinement; best of care; confine-
ment $15; room and board. $5 week; Infant*
adopted; will take 2 to work at my private resi-
dence, 606 Guerrero st.. nr. 13th; tel. Blue 411,
MRS. D. WYETH — Reliable ladles' specialist;
30 years* experience; instant relief guaran-
teed; home before and during confinement;
infants adopted. 410 O Farrell. near Taylor.
LADIES, consult the original MP.S. DAVIE3
at the old office, 1228 Market st; 30 years'
- expsrlence In obstetric and other cases.
MRS. D. GOODWIN, ladies' physician; 23
years* successful experience in S. F. Ma-
ternity Home. 906 Market st. op. 4th; fee low. .
MRS. D. ALLEN. 111S Market — Reliable ladles*
specialist; a private home before and durinz
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
HINDOOHERB and MRS. DA VIES* original
method of treatment; maternity home; horn*
In confinement 1126 Market st. S. F.
DR. ROSEN. ladles' reliable and sincere spe~
elallat 1007% Market; avoid delay; $10.
DR. NG TOY KEE. 210 Stockton st, opposite
' Union square: all diseases cured by herbs.
MINES AND MINING.
HURRAH for Thunder Mountain! Backers
wanted; experienced prospector. Box 4631.
Call office. - • ».>*>m'v:
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st
35 H. P. ECONOMIC return flue portable ~
boiler complete ............$300
40 b. p. Heine safety tube boiler 130
40 h. p. Atlas engine 225
20x8 feet return tubular boiler 130
43x16 return tubular boiler S.'.O
8 h. p. upright boiler 73
10.000. feet water pipe, all sizes; belting till
you can't rest H. S. WHITE. 130-132 Beale.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW, 253-255 Spear st
BAR fixtures; big stock; Installments; billiard
and pool tables; easy terms or rented. Ths
Brunswick- Balke-Collender Co., 632 Mission.
A — $3 50 Derby and Fedora hats, $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, 330 Kearny st. near r«to.-- '
FINE SUITS. $10; dress pants. $2 75. ' MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st
A— SEALSKIN Jacket for sale for $65. Port-
land Loan Office, 25 Stockton st -
BLACK and tan pups cheap. F. VICTOR. 9
Rltch St.. in rear. '
FOR sale — Irish spaniel pups. S Medau place,
off Filbert and Dupont
$10 — DOMESTIC sewing machine In good order.
1571 Market st, near Twelfth.
ZITHER, new, 42 strings, F. Schwarzer's: cost
$143; for sale, $50. 655 Pine st R. Bauske.
EARGAIN — 2 good bicycles, oak bedroom set.
chairs, tables and kitchen nten. 874 Howard,
FOR second-hand machinery, engines and boilers
go to D.J.McMastera.SE.cor.Snd and Brannan.
FROM 5000 to 10.000 feet of 3 and 3ft inch
pipe. E. RILEY. 109 Vallejo st
THE firm of Uncle Harris has retired from
business.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, halt
price. 663 Mission st, bet. 1st and 2d sts.
1ST-CLASS 2d-hand modern engines and boilers
bought, sold. Krogh Mfg. Co.. 519 Market.
BOATS, launches, rowboats carried in stock.
BAKER & HAMILTON.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters (all
makes). ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montg'y.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pic-
tures. BULLARD A BRECK. 131 Post st
NEW Home and Domestic sewing machine;
good order; complete; cheap. 1915 Mission.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2d-hand
and launches. J. E. DOAK. 896 Mission st.
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE. 139 Beale st.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
BIG prices paid for sealskin coats; also gents'
full dress and Tuxedo suits. Portland Loaa
Office. 25 Stockton st. ; phone Bush 484.
WANTED — A good upright piano; must b*
very cheap for cash. Address Upright box
4610. Call office.
I WILL pay good cash prices for old seal-
sklns; seed postal; will call. Box 4337. Call.
Wanted — 2d-hand electric motors, all sizes, any
condition. FarnsworthElectricalWks. ,4 ISTurk.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 Oth st. ; tel. Jessie 2851.
MONEY TO LOAN.
A — HERMAN MUKfHY. C01-602 Examiner bdz
$4,500,000 at Lowest Rates "
......On First and Second Mortgages..... «
On Life Interests In Estates «
.Property Being Held Jn Trust „
Undivided Interests In Real Estate
Life Insurance Policies; Estates In Probata;
Financial Problems of all sorts and sizes.
IF YOU NEED MONEY „
See HERMAN MURPKY. 601-602 Examiner.
AA— MANHATTAN LOAN CO. (Inc.) "
$300,000 at' 5% and 6 per cent In sums to suit;
City, Oakland. Town and Country property;
second mortgages. - life insurance and securi-
ties; loans on unsettled estates, undivided in-
terests In real estate and legacies; will pur-
chase above securities. Manhattan Loan Co..
Tel. Red 5024; 7th floor. Crocker buildlnc.
ANY AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT. . "
First, second and third mortgages ;.i. •
Undivided Interest in real estate la probata.. ¦
Mortgages and legacies bought: no delay....
Get my terms before doing business elsewhere
...A..'.'. R. McCOLGAN >
24 Montgomery st.. room 3 ;..
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second and third mortgages, estates In pro-
bate. Interest in estates, legacies, undivided
interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile interests, corporation loans. Room 14.
1st floor. Chronicle big. GEORGE E. OL3EN.
MUNICIPAL Loan Office. 103 Grant ave.. near
Oeary if phone Red 1603. F,
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at
lowest rates. . Baldwin Jewelry Store. 84»l
Market st; taL Main 1644. Branch 19 Third.
"ANY amount on furniture, pianos; no removal-
Jo^est rate; Private, confidential. 'ORMSBT.
26 Montgomery st. rocra 7. opp. Lick House.
* O 29v^ l 9^ AT e per ctnU In sums to suit In city;
$150,000 on v large ranches at fair rates; sec-
ond mortga. R. J. Mercer & Son. 412 Pine.
ON raa! estate. 1st cr 2nd mortgages and on fur-
niture or pianos; no removal; any amount •
lowest rates. BECKER. 36 Geary st. room 3ft.
v $10 UP on furniture, pianos: no com.: prlrata
party. St Ann's bldg.. 6 Eddy, rm. 72. 4th fir.
E 3£!y?f NO ' 61 ? Ex »«>ner big.; loans on piano*,
"h^vl™ • e l c " a* -2% ¦¦¦without -removal; aa
brokerage charged: confidential; open eves.
Pl l va s te Party; confidential; lowest rates; pianos
& furniture; no removal. Gartheis. 208 Po«U
I ""SrNESS CHANCES-^ontlpned. ___ J
WE have for sale rights for the States of Cal-
ifornia. Oregon and Washington for the best
locked- wire fence device ever patented. r The
owner of the patent is a practical ranch man
who has 200 miles of barbwlre fence In the
Panhandle, ' and who is now going over the
entire fence system of his ranch, putting In
the stays with this locked-fence device. The
device has taken like wildfire in the Eastern
States. The State of Iowa alone sold fcr
$10,000. We have families of the device at
our office, where it can be seen. The prin-
cipal advantage of this fence device is that
It makes a fence that is almost Indestruct-
ible; no power can move the stays when put
on with our patent fastener and patent
wrench. If this device were adopted In Cali-
fornia it certainly would revolutionize fenc-
ing. The fence is cattle-proof, and by put.
ting in enough stays you can . fence against
the smallest animals. The device can be used
i on ornamental fences or lor office wire work.
The wrench and clips and possibly some
models of the fence can be seen at the City
Wire Work*, on Main st.. between Seventh
and Eighth. Mr. Biescar. the proprietor,
will be glad to explain its use. MINING IN-
VESTMENT AND BROKERAGE CO., 345
Byrne buildlnc, Los Angeles. ' . , '
JOSEPH STRAUB.
850 Market st. corner Stockton.
Telephone Grant 177.
Real Estate A^ent .
Property Bought and Sold.
Rents Collected?
Loans Negotiated.
Legitimate Business
A^ent.
A — IF you want to sell your store, saloon, coal
yard, routes of any kind or any other legiti-
mate business or want a partner in any fair-
paying business eee K. KENNY, 75 Third s.t
Cash customers waiting; established^1868.
ALL kinds cf real estate for saie and exchange;
lodging-houses, stores, restaurants, hotels,
saloons- and many other business chances for
sale. HEALY & CARR. 0 Eddy Et.
$500— PARTNER wanted lft light manufac-
turing business: duties easily acquired; no
night work; sure profit of .$100 a month to
each. DONNELLY CO., 032 Market gt.
FOR rale — Restaurant 11 Mason st. ; to be sold
Wednesday. April 2.. to highest bidder.
Sealed bids, between 10 a. m. and 1 p. m. ;
cause, Flckness.
FOR sale— $1200; grocery and butcher com-
bined. Box 4001. Call office. "
CANDY store and factory for sale at half its
value; bargain. 147 Sixth st
FOR sale — Grocery and fruit store In thrifty
town 10.000 inhabitants with monthly pay
roll of $120,000: stock, fixtures, wagons, etc..
will invoice $1700; good reasons for selling.
Address Grocery, box 165. Vallejo, Cal.
IF you have meney to invest let THE IN-
VESTORS' AGENCY. 137 Montgomery st.
S. F.. know It. Call or write for particulars.
RESTAURANT and oyster house, cor. Sutter &
Devlsadero; rent $40; living rooms; selling on
account of sickness. Box 4545, Call office.
A — SALOON must be sold this week. Call at
Albany Brewery, between 10 and 12 a. m.
FOR rent— Central brick meat market Apply
: to G. M. DODGE, at San Rafael.
¦ CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
i Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
: United States or Canada one year for JL
: postage paid. • .
LODUING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
' ANY of the following on monthly payments:
j 25 rooms; clears $125 $1250
¦ 35 rooms; near Market; snap i... 2100
12.1 rooms; clears $450; only 7000
30 rooms; clears $150: payments -. . 1500
30 rooms; first class; snap 2300
9 rooms; sunny corner; a beauty: only 375
32 rooms; Powell: bl? transient trade.. 3500
CO rooms; clears $75: only 350
i 40 rooms; clears $108 800
i A. H. RETSLOFF. phone John 531,
906 Market st. cor. Ellis. ' . .
$500— S ROOMS; clears $100; big transient
i trade. RETSLOFF. 906 Market.
I WINSTON & WOLF.
I 102C MARKET ST.— 1026 MARKET ST.
I (Photograph Gallery Entrance.)
! 10 rooms, rent $22, gocd furniture, only... $350
20 rooms, rent $50. Income $135 950
I 24 rooms, rent $55, central '1650
! 3S rooms, rent $S0. money-maker 2250
j 31 rooms, rent $100, Just listed 2100
t 45 rooms, cheap rent a sacrifice..... 2500
! 500 other houses on our list to select from;
telephone Jessie 2211.
DONALD INVESTMENT COMPANY,-
! S50 Market st — (Inc.).. Phone Davis 281.
} Reliable dealers In rooming-houses, hotels,
• business chances and real estate.
; We furnish vacant houses and
Loan Money et lowest rates.
Something new every day.
New houses to lease.
I A. CAMERON & CO.. ~~
I 850 Market st. and 8 Stockton st..
I Rooms 21, 22, 23. Phone Bush 328. •
• If you have hotels, rooming-houses or business
! to sell, list with us; buyers call; we can suit
! you; have bargains in hotels, lodging-houses,
i fiats: all sizes and prices; in all parts of city. ,
A — Near The Call building.
Telephone Black l-S-0-3.
MARION GRIFFIN, 719 Market St., rms. 1-2.
MONEY TO LOAN. ¦
Big free list of lodging-houses at my office.
All for sale on easy terms. Please call.
• McBRIDE & CO., 765 Market — Some bargains:
! $650 — 15 rooms; Market st.
$375— 19-room house, Jackson st
$200—7 rooms; rent $15.
$3000 — 30 rooms; and 60 more houses.'-
Some good bargains. Only honest trade.
A— NOTICE— We have rooming-houses, all sizes
and prices, in all parts of the city; get our
llst^flrst MITCHELL & CO.. 120<l Market
NATOMA. 217. two blocks from Call — 10 rooms!
: neatly furnished; price $275; rent $32. -
j $250—32 ROOMS; part cash; or will trade fcr
j some. 765 Market st. room 2.
; CAJ^Ej^ DEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
! f.iA to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpct-beat-
¦ Ing Works. 353-357 Tehama rt. ; tel. South 40.
j Karlson Karpet Co. — Cleaning 3c yd. ;upholster-
ing.1213 Market. bet.8th&9th;tel.Howard 2912.
¦ American Carpet-beating Works — Cleaning, 3c;
j renovated, relald. 104 ltth st. ; tel. Capp 3524.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st:
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st: tel. Mission 263.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. G H*
STEVENS. Mgr.. 38-40 8th st ; tel. South 250.
CALIFORNIA Carpet-Beating Co.. J. McQueen
proprietor. 329 Guerrero st. ; tel. Mission 49.
CO , X , KLIN ' S s «Perlor Carpet-cleaning Works.
333 Golden Gate ave. ; telephone East 126.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 14th st; tel. Mission 74.
CHIROPODISTS.
DR. WM. LECK. 105 Ellis, rooms l^Corns
extracted, painless; Ingrowing nails cured.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE XV. KELLY'S Agency— No""charge
unless successful. Room 310. 927 Market st.
COTTAGES ' TO LET.
TWENTY-FIFTH, 3833— Cottage of 3 rooms!
large yard: rent $0.
•SPIRITUALISM.
A — C. V. MILLER, world's famous materiaUz^
ing medium; spirits speak face to faoe; seance
Tues.. Frl.. Sun.; 8 p. m.; 50c. 1084 Bush st.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trans, bus. medium;
life reader; medical clairvoyant: sittings. $1;
letter. $2. 1164 O'Farrell st; Ellis car.
MRS. HUBBARD. 1C-9 Oak— Circle Tues. and
Frl., 8 p. m.; Wed. ladles. 2:30 p. m., 10c:
reading daily. 50c.
PKOF. GEE. 8% G. G. ave.— Readings. 50c-$l;
$1 readings in circle Tues.Thurs.Frl.nlght.25c
MME. YOUNG'S demonstration of spirit return
to-night 605 McAllister; 10c; come, skeptics.
MRS. Harland's circle to-night also Wed., 10c :
prophetic business readings. 50c, $1. 132 6th! '
W. G. KEEGAN holds spiritual meeting every
night ex. Saturday; admission 10c. 148 Sixth.
M J?Vi S » ea1 ' F J" muai « n d bus. mediums tobacco
habit cured or no pay. Avondale. 1424\darket.
EDWARD EARLE. S28 Ellis; readings daily
phone Polk 1001; seance Sunday and ThurV
I FRIENDSHIP Hall, 335 McAllister— Mrs C j"
Meyer: sittings dally; test to all to-night: JOc'
CL AI R V O YANTS. ~~~ ~~~ ~
MME. M. BERNARD
THE FAMOUS ..
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third st.'next Examiner bM^
She reads your life correctly, gives an accurate
description of the past reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur In the fu-
ture. If you are In trouble, discontented un-
nanpy or not satisfied in life, or have liemestic
love or business troubles, (consult this great me-
dium, and you. will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice In all affairs of life; 25c
up; satisfaction guaranteed. Tel. Black 4500.
A— 50c and $1; PROF. WELLER, clairvoyant,
scientific palmist, card reader; advice on busi-
ness, speculation, love, and domestic troubles
settles lovers' quarrels, reunites separated,
tells whom you will marry; how to win man
or woman you love; mail $1; send date birth
lock hair, 6 questions. 1007% Market, air. 6th!
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known 'trance
medium. Is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket st, cor. Golden Gate ave., rooms 25 and
26: take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail; send etamp -for- pamphlet
with special terms. Dally and Sunday. ¦» - '
HELP WANTED— MALE— Cos._^ :
A— MURRAY & READY. .:. ..Phone Main 584S
B34-636 Clay st.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
• Office Open 7 a. m.
500 Railroad Men.
; . . .STATE . OF NEVADA
500 teamsters.....". Nevada...... Free
100 drillers . . . : ........ Nevada. : Fare
; 300 laborers. . . . . . . ; ... .Nevada Free
Steel gang. . . . ..Extra gang . -Rock gang
79. Rockmen
.Wages $2 to $3 day
Ship morning and night. .Free fare
... \ MISCELLANEOUS
, 3 more carpenters, > 8 hours . day, ¦ country,
50; 3 miners, good mine, $75: 3 laborers
for mine company, $30 and found; 5 laborers,
near city, $60; carriage painter; woodworker;
15 farmers, $28, $30, $32 50; 17 choremen; 13
choreboys; 3 grafters, vines,' $2U and found;
3 stablemen.
; 730 woodchoppers and tiemakers.. .big wages
.....SPECIALS AND LATE ORDERS
Navigator for . Government launch, $45 and
found ; stableman, country stable. $35 and
found; young man to help break horses, $25
and found; hackman.'. country; stableman.
. country; hotel butcher, country, wagon, $30
and found; - baker, country shop. $40 and
found; second baker; sexton. Catholic church;
pilot, launch, $45; 10 laborers, near city, $2
HOTEL DEPT. .BUTCHERS
Chef cook, country hotel, $75; 16 cooks, other
places, $50, $40, $35 and found; 17 waiters,
$35, $30, $25 and found; head waiter, coun-
try hotel, $35 and found; 17 kitchen hands:
baker, country shop. $40 and found; second
baker, $30 and found; all-around laundry man,
country; young butcher, country job, wagon
and shop work. $30 and found, etc., etc.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st
AT THE CALIFORNIA EMP. AGENCY.
69 Third St., near Call bldg. ; phone Bush 405.
RAILROAD LABORERS
FREE FARE FREE FARE
500 teamsters $2 to $2 50 per day
Gang of laborers $2 to $2 25 per day
Ship Daily
I ENTIRE SAWMILL CREW
25 sawmill and woods men for the north,
--$26 to $65 per month and board ". ...
FARE ADVANCED
12 pick and shovel men, near city, steady, $2
per day
Landscape gardener. 8 h $75 per month
10 laborers, quarry $2 per day
15 ranch hands.... $26 to $30 per month
Milkers and plowman. ..$30 to $40 per month
CAL. EMP. AGENCY. 59 Third st
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, r. 12.
Waiter, country hotel. $30, fare advanced.
BARBER wanted — Must be a first-class work-
man; state wages, with board. C. JORHAN.
St. Helena. Cal. .
WAITER wanted. Union House. 2021 Folsbm.
WANTED— A good coal teamster. E. D. FEIL.
2500 Clay st.
GOOD bushelman wanted, 8 a. m., Tuesday.
R. 115. Phelan bldg.
LUNCH waiter wanted. 223 Brannan st
WANTED — Wagon blacksmith. 637 Brannan.
A STRONG boy or young man to help In cake
bakery, with experience. 911% Larkin st.
A BOY wanted, to learn blacksmlthlng. 1163
Mission st. j, .
DISHWASHER wanted; don't call before 9 a.
m. People's Restaurant. 631 Clay st. ' - -
OPERATOR wanted on coats at 2821 Green-
wich st. -
PARTNER — To go to Seattle and open profit-
able business; small capital; fine opening for
ambitious man. FRASER. 940 Mission st.
SHIPPED free every day — Four-horse scraper
men and rock men wanted for railroad con-
tract. "Wadsworth. Nev.; wages, $2 per day;
..board, $5 25 per week; $2 deposit required;
company will refund same after 26 days. E.
B. & A. L. STONE CO.. 900 Broadway. Oak-
land, Cal. /
MAN that will loan $200 to learn barber's
trade; beard, room and tools furnished. Box
4640. Call office. , A ¦<*• ., '
GOOD bushelman. SUMMERFIELD &
ROMAN; cor. Fifth and Market sts.
BARBERS, good four-chair shop; central loca-
tlon. DECKELMAN BROS.. 106 Ellis" st.
BARBER shop for sale. 181 Minna st. ; boss la
sick.
WANTED — An expert sowing machine ad-
juster, with factory experience on button-
hole and special machines. Apply for three
days. Standard Sewing Machine Co., 6-8
California st. .
WANTED — Recruits for the marine corps. U.
S. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than 6 feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet 1
Inch; able to speak and read English. For
. further information apply at the Recruiting
Office, 40 Ellis st, San Francisco.
WANTED — Experienced furnishing goods sales-
man, acquainted with the trade, to travel in
Oregon and Washington: reference with ap-
plication. Box 4007. Call office.
MEN to learn barber trade; barbers in de-
mand; only requires S weeks: tools donated;
catalogue free. MOLER'S BARBER COL-
LEGE. 635 Clay st.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to- know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
run3 Denver House. 217 Third st; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED — Sober, reliable young man with
some cash; $17 week; steady place; no expe-
rience necessary. BROWN, 1221 Market st
YOUNG men wanted to go whaling; no expe-
rience required. L. LEVY, Battery and
Jackson sts.
WANTED — Tailor to trim coats for machine ««t
BELASCO & HARRIS. 541 Market st.
ASSISTANT trimmer on coats. BELASCO &
HARRIS CO.. 641 Market st
100- MEN for steamers going north; must be
over 21. At HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st
ERRAND boy wanted. 2011 Flllmore street
SAILORS — Green hands for all parts of the
world. Apply at agents. 213 Broadway.
WANTED — Young man who is an experienced
dry goods wrapper. Apply at HALE BROS/
PENSION atty., E. A. Bullls, room 40, Phelan
big. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post, O. A. R.
WANTED — A boy about 16 for wholesale house.
Address box 4525, Call office.
COATMAKER and pants and vest maker for
the country. Apply REISS BROS.', 24 Sutter.
WANTED— 50 men to take lodging In Cam-
bridge House, 543 Howard; changed hands.
600 MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army shoes,
50c up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard st, nr. 5th.
YOUNG men to learn barber trade; catalogue
mailed. 8. F. Barber College. 741A Howard.
SAILORS, ordinary, for ships for all parts of
the world. HERMAN' 8. 26 Steuart st.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting: 25c
to 50c. 563 Mission st. bet 1st and 2d sts.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms. 25c night: reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry. , .
HORSES AND WAGONS.
A LOT of horses for sale at Arcade Horse
. Market, 327 Sixth st. ; also buggies, wagons
4 harness, etc. ; auction sales every Wednesday
at 11 a. m. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
CONSTANTLY on hand and for sale or trade
well-lroken carriage, wagon, work and drlv-
. Ing horses of all grades, sizes and style
Santa Clara Milk Co.. 721-723 Howard st
SAN Francisco Veterinary College Fourth ses-
sion begins June 9. Catalogues by applying to
M. K PANCOAST. Sec. 510 Golden Gate ave.
FOR sale, Santa Rosa salesyard— Just arrived
several fine road and business horses new
buggies and harness. 1499 Market, cor.* 11th.
HORSE. $15; buggy. $15; cart, $7 50; wagon.
$35: single milk -wagon. $50; harness, S7 50.
79 City. Hall ave. \ ¦ - -
A NEWBY top wagon; suit bakery, laundry or
butcher. Call 310 Third St., In paint shop.
SECOND-HAND business buggy; good as new
also top buggy. 1370 Turk st.
Largest stock 2d-hand wagons, buckboard, sur-
rey.harness.work.drivlng horses. 15th&Valencia
AN A Noi 1 express wagon, single; also light
camping wagon for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
HOUSES TO LET.
A — -PRINTED list houses to let; send for clr-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
GOUGH, 1120, near O'Farrell— Eight .rooms;
newly painted. UMBSEN & CO 14 Mont-
gemery at ¦ ¦ *' muul
SWELL 28 rooms; nice, clean, sunny down-
•> stairs; half block from Market st *SPECK
. & CO., 667 Market st. ' -
WASHINGTON. 3610, near Central ave —12-
room dwelling; sunny exposure; newly deco-
. rated and painted: $70. ¦ •-
HOUSES TO LET — FURNISHED.
FU & NI , SHE ? h0 , use 8 rooms * nd batfl : rent
. $20; furniture for sale cheap to tenant. 672
Harrison st. . ¦'.
HOUSES WANTED.
LADY wants charge house fcr summer during
owner's absence; pay nominal rent; reference.
' Box 4587. Call office.* . -
HOUSES FOR SALE.
NEW house.' 7 rooms ; sun all day : fine resi-
. dence district; Portola st. - off Waller, bet
Pierce and Sttlner. GEO. MOORE. 63 Portola.EVERETT. Wash.. March 31.— George De
zort, 0 years old.Nwas killed, this morning by
a train near Lowell. .
' iCHERBOURGr-Salled* March 31—Stmr'Fred
erich der Grosse, from Bremen, for . New York.
Monday, .'March 31..
• Schr Etta B, Campbell, 5 hours from ' Bo
llnas. . '•'..''• ¦ ¦
¦ SAUCED.
¦ Monday, Marcb ¦ 31.
Stmr Celia, Adler, - — .
;•' I'- : ; ., DOMESTIC PORTS. '
TACOM A— Sailed- March' 31 — Br shin ME
Watson, for Callao; Ger stmr Hermonthts,- for
San Francisco. ¦ ... - . . ' , ..' • : .
i ¦ PORT LOS AXGELES — Arrived . March 31 —
Br stmr AVyeneld, from- Comox; stmr ;- laqua,
from, San Francisco; schr Nottingham,; trom
'! Sailed March 31 — Stmr laqua, for San-Fran
cisco. ' . '.
. FOREIGN PORT.
VANCOUVER— Sailed March 31— Bark Ama
ranth; for Taku.' ' ..- ¦ • . ' .-
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived March' 31 — Stmr Me
saba,. from London: stmr Lahn, from Genoa
and Nar>les. ¦ • • • . • " •. • ¦ ¦ '¦¦.-. • : _ *
Sailed March 31 — Stmr Noordland, for,Phila
delphia^ l3***W r > . •' -
. ANTWERP— Arrived . March, 30~Stmr Ken
sington, from New York. ':. -l
GIBRALTAR— Arrived March 31 — Stmr Ho
henzollern, ; from New < York, for NaDles, , and
proceeded. , ...'.. . ¦¦'¦'",
Sailed March , 31— Stmr Trave, from Genoa
and "Naples, for; New.. York. :. ¦ • • '.
LIVEKPOOL — Arrived March 31 — Stmr Luigi
Clampl, 1 from Seattle and Coronel,. via St. Vin
cent, ;C V. March: 30— Stmr; Belgenland, from
Philadelphia.' ••'. - : . ¦
•GLASGOW— Arrived March 30— Stmr Samar
itan, ; from -Portland." .' ; *..'- ..,". ,, ¦¦ ;
¦». Sailed March 29— rStmr ; Buencs.'Ayrean, for^
Philadelphia; '¦ stmr ' ; Carthagenian; * for r New
York.^aawPKgwBtttffSii ' f WjtH uiii i^fftattiggxaaj
I' PLYMOUTH— Arrived ".March 31— Stmr Kai
ser • Wilhelm der Grosse.'; from New York, via
Cherbourg. .: 1. -¦'.-.¦,. ¦.::•' -V- • «i.; v .'":.-:, ' -. 1,
QUEENSTOWN-^-Arrlved - . March V 31— Stmr
Marlon, from : Boston,' for Liverpool. ; ,
Late Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
MEMPHIS, March 31.— The flood waters
in the overflowed districts of Mississippi
are receding at all points except along
the" Pearl River, which stream Is reported
to bo above the danger line and slowly
rising. The railway situation continues to
improve and several trains on the Illinois
Central were operated to-day on some
thing like schedule time. This road is de
touring its trains north from Jackson to
Memphis via the Frisco lines.
JACKSON, Miss.. March 31.— The flood
situation has again become serious on ac
count of the continued rising of Pearl
River, which is now out of its banks from
mouth to source and flooding the* low
country. At this place* the river is from
seven to nine miles wide and has washed
away several miles of track of the Ala
bama and Vicksburg Railroad and has
tied up the Gulf and Ship Island road.
The plant of the water works company
is under water and the pumps have been
stopped, causing a water famine all over
the city- and the oil mills and other fac
tories and steam • power concerns have
been compelled to suit down. Traffic is
entirely cut off with this city and
dian. . 'T^jRMHBIUgMpfeMw^ . . . ......
KNOXVILL.E, Tenn., March 31.—Re
ports from Wartburg, the county seat of
Morgan County, state that the flood died
about $100;000 damage in Morgan County.
Farms and fencing were badly washed
out and the county sustained about $10,000
damage to bridges and roads. At Wolf
Creek a commercial traveler named
Brown was drowned Friday morning.
Thirty-five families at Oakdale, one mile
from Harriman, are destitute and twenty
live other families are in need of assist
ance. • Mayor Claud Hendricks of Harri
man has been formally -authorized to re
ceive money, food, clothing or household
goods for these sufferers and urges that
assistance be sent for Oakdale sufferers.
The Tennesse River is on a rampage,
and much damage is reported. Ben Jones,
a white fisherman, his wife and eleven
children living In a "house boat near Riv
erton, are reported drowned. Wreckage
of the, boat has been found, but the occu
pants are missing. A white man named
Barber was drowned In Flint Creek and
his house swept away. Jacob Coach, a
negro, was 1 found drowned in a sink hole.
Six houses on the Lloyd plantation were
'swept away. Two houses on Hurd's place
were destroyed by lightning. Many other
houses were struck by lightning, but only
slightly damaged. Much livestock ha3
been drowned. All day stories of loss of
life and destruction of property have been
coming in. .,
DECATUB, Ala., March 31.— Since the
storm of Friday this has been the north
ern.terminal of the Louisville and Nash
ville. All trains are now running' as far
north as Elkmont, but it is said it will
be several days before the road is opened
to Nashville. No Nashville mail has been
received here since Friday. To-day the
first mail reached here from Chicago, Cin
cinnati and other points "north by way of
Chattanooga.
and Await Aid From Cities.
merous Families Lose Homes
Many Diisasters Beported and Nu-
FLOODS IU" THE SOUTH
SWEEP MANY TO DEATH
The President and Mrs. Roosevelt and
their children, together with a number of
friends, appeared on the portico of the
White House while the crowda were on
the grounds and the - former was kept
busy in acknowledging the many saluta
tions he received from the little ones. The
party remained on the portico until the
gusts of wind and a threatened shower
drove the multitude to shelter.
WASHINGTON, March 31.— The green
sward back of the White House was alive
to-day with crowds of children, who, with
baskets. filled with brightly colored eggs,
entered with zest into the annual Easter
Monday egg-rolling carnival. The sky
was alternately bright and overcast, but
neither contingency seemed to affect the
spirits of the young revelers. • .
The attendance was not confined to
children, for a great many older persona
were present, some to keep a watchful
eye on the young ones and others to see
a pretty sight. The throng was thor
oughly cosmopolitan, all sorts and condi
tions of children mingling freely in the
fun. The grounds were open from 9
o'clock in the morning until sunset. The
Marine Band gave a concert at 4 o'clock
and brought to a close a thoroughly en
joyable day for the younger generation.
tions From the Crowd of Merry
. Making. Youngsters.
President Eoosevelt Receives Saluta-
CHILDREN BOLL EGGS '
BEHIND THE WHITE HOTJSE
The House to-day began consideration
of the sundry civil service appropriation
bill, completing the general debate before
the close of the session. Little of the
speech-making to-day was pertinent to
the bill. Williams of llississippi, Pou of
North Carolina and Spight of Mississippi
spoke on the proposed investigation of
the Southern franchise question.
Bell of Colorado discussed the financial
bills before the House. Payne, chairman
of the Ways and Means Committee, re
ported the Cuban reciprocity bill • and
gave notice that he* would call it up a
week from to-morrcw.
| Simons of North Carolina made an
extended argument in opposition to the
bill, reinforcing points ' heretofore made
against the proposed legislation and add
ing some new arguments. Dillinghara of
Vermont presented a legal • argument In
support the measure and vigorously
arraigned the manufacturers of oleomar
garine for imposing, he said, a fraud upon
the people.
In supporting the pending bill McCum
ber of Worth Dakota expressed. the belief
that the farmers -of the country wero, en
titled to the protection afforded by the
bill.
"WASHINGTON, March 3L— During the
entire session of • the Senate to-day the
oleomargarine bill was under considera
tion. Three speeches were delivered, two
of them in support of the measure und
one of them against it.
Cuban Reciprocity Must Again
Engage Attention ot the
House.
margarine.
Argument Resumed in
the Senate on Oleo-/
PLEA IS MADE
FOR THE FARMER
THE SA^ FRAN^ 1902.
11
/ALAMEDA: ADVERTISEMENTS:
ALA!>IEDA REAL ¦^ESTATE. 'j '
CALL and see the Alameda Land - Company.
Great bargains offered ¦ this week. U $2150
buys a new modern 5-room cottage; lot 40x
- 120; a snap., Will build, rent and sell you
on easy, terms. ¦- ¦
. ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY.
: 1500 Park st.. Alameda. Tel. Grand 1461.
FRUITYALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRUITVALE REAL , ESTATE. \
ELEGANT lot; owner must sell; make bid;
'¦ never so low. T. L.. box 4597. Call office.;
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1113 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL \ ESTATE. * ¦
GEORGE W. AUSTIN. ::.'.¦-.'.¦¦'<
'4C0 Tenth st., Oakland.
$1000-^Cozy cottage of 5 rooms; hot and cold
water; hall; porcelain' sink, etc.; newly painted
and papered; runny Bide; street work and
walks complete; near cars and school; terms if
desired; No.. 1743 Filbert St., near Twenty-
sixth ; go . and see it.
$2350 — Modern cottage of 6 rooms, bath,
high_basement. bay window, brick foundation,
etc.; all in fine condition; lot 50x125 feet.' with
stone walks, open lawn, etc.; on Myrtle st;;
close in; location very desirable. .
$3750 — Owner away; a genuine snap; a per-
fect little gem of a home; 7 rooms; porcelain
bath, etc. ; lawn, stone walks, etc. ; choice lo-
cation; strictly residential: $1000 cash will do;
could not be built nicer, j
GEORGE W. AUSTIN, .
¦ ¦ '. ¦ 400 Tenth St., Oakland.
LOOK THIS UP TO-DAY.
Xew pretty homes, 5 to 8 rooms; all mod-
ern; prices moderate; vacant 40-foot lots; $800
to $1000; elevated above the street and includ-
ing street wcrk complete; on Merrlmac. or
Twtnty-elghth st., between Telegraph ave.
and Grove st. ; choicest and cheapest property
in Oakland; close in and handy to schools
and churches. See W. T. HARRIS on the
premises or GEORGE W. AUSTIN.
460 Tenth st., Oakland.
$5000— CHICKEN ranch; once in a '-white we
get something good, but here is better, a
gem; 12% acres immense trees, loads of
shrubbery and flowers; house of 8 large
rooms; large barn, broodery and brooders,
chicken houses, 2000. capacity; incubator, all
modern; 1000 Al Leghorns. 200 ducks, COO
pigeons, 200 chicks; contract- on hand for 1600
ducks per month; all that can be raised Is.
sold readily on premises; close to electric
cars and fine driveway, adjoining East Oak-
land; this is a model chicken ranch: pries
in all $S000, balance remaining H per . cent
per annum. Call or send for circular, 455
Seventh St., opposite Broadway station, Oak-
land; carriage free. H. Z. JONES, land
owner. ' • •
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALK.
FURNITURE good and cheap this mcnth.i H.
ECHELLHAAS. 408 Eleventh st.. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING. ,
BELL' (The). 1773 Market— Sunny suite, with
grate, gas and kitchen, $20; telephone. :
ELLIS. 330 — 2 small sunny ' furnished house-
keeping rooms in rear; rent, $10. .' ; ¦
FIFTH, 353— Furnished housekeeping; 2, $10;
j 2. $15; 3. $20; single. $4 to $7. : -
i GOLDEN GATE ave.. 511 — Parlor floor; newly
I furnished; gas range; yard; $35.. • .- • ; ;
GOLDEN GATE ave., 1404 — Nicely furnished
sunny room for housekeeping!
GROVE, 425%— 5 large unfur. rooms; stove;
sunny yard; garden; $11; German family.-
HARRISON, 731*— Four rcorcs. furnished com-
plete for housekeeping; bath; $16.
HOWARD. 1063 — 2 sunny connecting completely
fur, hkpg. rms; .range, running water.
HYDE, 40S — Sunny front parlor with kitchen;
front basement suite 2 or 3 rms; yd.; laundry.
JACKSON, 1513 — Two very sunny furnished
housekeeping rooms; complete; $14.
LARKIN. 1010— Newly furnished rooms, single
or en suite; light housekeeping.
LILY ave., 10S — Sunny unfurnished front room.
OAK, 117 — Nicely furnished sunny suit; sink;
gas; range; phone; every convenience; $12 up. 1
POWELL; 1005. cor. Clay — 2 sunny rooms,. $16;
3 connecting. $30; all complete for nousekpg.
STOCKTON, 1200 — Single housekeeping rooms
to let, $4, $6, $10; gas and stove. . . ¦ .. .
j THIRD, 415 — Nicely furnished housekeeping
rooms; gas; range; bath. '
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office ror Call advertisements and
f ubscriptlons Las been established at 1090 Va-
lencia st. , V
ROOMS TO LET — Fnrn. and Dnfarn.
A — FREE list furnished .rooms to let: with or
without board; we save you walking the
Etreets. Tourist Renting Bureau, 10 Montg'y.
ARGYLE Hotel, 234- McAllister— New, elegant,
sunny; 75c day upward; rates by week or
month; McAllister cars to door; handsomest
grill room in California attached. - ' *
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth— Rooms,
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
ALL choice neat sunny suites or singles; day,
week or month; bath, phone. -332 Stockton.
CLIFFORD. 204 EMU, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY,' 106 — Newly furnished sunny suites;
also single rooms. • .
ELLIS, 310 — Newly furnished sunny front room
reasonable., ". . " ¦ ', .
ELLIS. 321 (Mozart)— Nicely furnished rooms,
85c. $1 50 night; $1 50. id wk.: open all night.
.GEARY, 405 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnlsh-
• ed suites and single; travelers accommodated.
GEARY, 774— Two large sunny front rooms;
run. water; private family; furn. or unfurn.
GRAND SOUTHERN Hotel. 7th and Mission—
Family house; those requiring a quiet, orderly
home at moderate charges; suit, single, elevat.
GROVE, 8 — Sunny furnished room for gentle-
. men; terms reasonable..
JESSIE, 303, nr. Fifth and Market— Furnished
rooms, $5 and $0 per month..
LARKIN, 804 — Large sunny back. room, neatly
furnished; suitable 1 or 2 gentlemen ; $6 50.
MARTINET. 1101 Geary— Handsome suites;
private baths: newly furnished bIhrI» roomi.
MINNA. C67, cor. Eighth — Newly furnished
bay-window room, ?1 per week; transient.
I NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market— Nicely tur-
nished rqpras: $2 a week up; 35c a day up.
O'FARRELL. 20 — Sunny furnished ' rooms and
offices; elevator, elec. lights: day... week. mo.
POST, 835 — Large sunny furnished room; gas;
bath; 1 or 2 gents; references. ' . . ¦.-.-. ¦.
ROYAL. House, 120 Ellis— Incandescent light,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par- 1
lor; rooms, per night. 35o to $1 50; week.: $2
to $8; month, *<? to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; bathi.
SACRAMENTO, 1360A — 3 rooms with yard-
separate entrance; rent $7. ' .' :
SACRAMENTO. 1633— A neatly furnished front
j.. room; grate and running 'water; use 01 bath
and phone; board optional.' '
SHERMAN Apartment -House, '28 Eighth St.,
near. Market--Furnlshed or. unfurnished. .
SUTTFJl. 1022 W. nr. Hyde— Large double par-
lcrs, furnished; sun all day.
j VALENCIA. 1232— Nicely furnished room sun-
ny and. warm; gas; bath; near depot.- .
1 Vendome, 1104 Market — Changed hands; newly
renovated; furn. suites. Mrs., V.'. W. Miller.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call-branch office. 2200 Fillmore.'
ROOMS ANnnOARU. ";':
- ¦ electric. lights; hot and cold water; modern;
first-class board; reasonable: phone South 820.
CALIFORNIA, 807 (Stevenson Mansion)— Select
¦ family hotel; exceptional table; popular rates.'
VAN .NESS. C07 — To a refined couple ; • large
eur.ny parlor, with- board.: in private home/
FURNISHED room with board for 1 or 2'gen-
tlemen. < 1520 - Mission, st. 7 _^ ¦ : ¦:•. ."..';
JOHNSON,- The, C05 O'Farrell— Nice ' home ;
good table; spacious grounds; rates moderate.
VAN NESS. 619— Handsorhe furnished sunny
• suites. ' , single : rooms ; first-class 7 table 5 board. '
A WEEK'S news for fi cents — The Weekly Call
1C pages. In wrapper for mailing; $1 par year I'
SPECIAL '•. NOTICES. „ -.V "', " ¦
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
.. city or country. -; PACIFIC : COLLECTION
- CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms 8-10; tel, 5580.
PROPERTY WANTED.
WANTED — San Francisco property for Eastern
buyers: call soon. EMMOXS & SON. Mills
building. : .',.-¦:... - '¦:'¦
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, ex., repairing;
lowest rates; phone Howard 3264. 145 Sixth.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
palrlng; lowest rates Tel. Green 144. 205 4th.
storage: and warehouses.
ME^CE^R^D^L^T^uiragTTnT^vTnT'crr
office Post and Powell sts. : tel. Main 5713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Mls-
eion St.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 630 Market St.:
tel. Main 1S40; shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com- i
pany, 2320 Flllmore et. : phone Jackson 281. (
SUMMER RESORT TO LET.
TO lease — Kenllworth Inn; romantically situ-
ated in Mill Valley: 50 minutes' ride from.
San Francisco; completely furnished; 40
rooms: steam and hot water baths; electric
lights; heaters throughout: elevators, etc.;
rent low. Apply MADISON & BURKE. 30
• Montgomery st. '
TYPEWRITERS AXD SUPPLIES.
great^bXrgains in'typewriters— we
cell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 536 California: telephone Main 266. .
WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co. — Expert
typewriter doctors: ettlnsate free. 209 Sansome.-
REAL. ESTATE — CITY— FO RESALE.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery street.
INVESTMENTS.
$60.000 — Pays 6 per cent net; new corner 5-
story brick building, near Montgomery
and Market sts.
$65,000 — Splendid corner; vicinity of Powell st.,
close to Market; excellent for large
office building.
$95,000 — Market-st. corner: choice location;
worth to-day $125,000.
'$325,000 — Pays 6 per cent net; large downtown
building; stores, offices; particulars at
office. , • -
$31,000 — Powell St.. short distance from Mar-
ket; splendid building; worth $40,009
in six' months.
$C2,500 — Splendid apartment house site; two
frontages, 100x137:6; best location;,
south of Sutter. east of Hyde.
$9,500— Central ave.. near Haight st.; three
flats; rent $S3.
$5,600 — Rents $52 50 per month; 2 new flats,
near Eddy and Pierce 6ts. ; . street
bitumlnized..
$2,100 — Alabama st., near Twenty-first; cot-
tage of 4 rooms, stable for 4 horses;
lot 26x100.
$1,300 — Splendid cottage on Indiana St.. near
Twenty-fifth; lot 25x100; very cheap.
$2,500 — Sanchez-st. cottage, near Twenty-
¦' third; 5 rooms, bath, basement and
stable.
$10.500 — Seventeenth ~ St.. corner, near Castro;
125x150; seven lots.
$3,250 — Only $500 cash, -balance to suit your
own convenience in small monthly pay-
ments, same as your rent: entirely new
2-story cottage house of 6 rooms, bath,
basement, etc.; brick foundation; ce-
ment sidewalk; house Just completed;
excellent marine view; Hyde-st. cars
pass the -property.
SUNSET LOTS.
OPPOSITE NEW PARK ENTRANCE. :
On the H-st. electric car and fronting Golden
. Gate Pfk and the new Nine- " .
teenth-ave. Boulevard.
Lots and street on official grades; macadam-
ized ;.plarfk sidewalks, gas and water service.
Call at once at cur branch office, open week
days,- Sundays and holidays, corner H st.
and Ninth ave. south of Golden Gate Park,
and ask to be shown these beautiful lots.
Full particulars and price lists at our office
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st. ,'
$250 — ON terms: lots near Union and Risdon
Iron works. Tubbs* Cordage Factory, Sugar
Refinery and lands purchased by Santa Fe
Railroad; located on Twenty-third, Missouri,
Texas, Mississippi, Indiana and Minnesota
streets.
BUY BEFORE PRICES ARE "RAISED.
Take Third-st. cars, get off at Kentucky
and Twenty-third Bts.
BALDWIN 4: HOWELL.
| 10 Montgomery st.
JOSEPH STRAUB.
850 Market St., corner Stockton,
Telephone Grant 177.
Real Estate Agent.
Property Bought and Sold.
Rents collected. , .
BARGAIN — New house or e rooms~a.nd bath:
all modern -improvements, besides store and
Hvlns-rooms in lower ; floor; j cheap- , easy
terms. See owner.' on jrremlses NW. corner
Chenery and Fall-mount cts. ¦ .
$1400- UNION St.. above Taylor. Marion place;
grand view; 15 minutes' walk to Market and
Kearny. Apply drug store. 4C0 Montgom-
ery ave.
$1400 — TWO new modern cottages. $1400 each;
bath, closet, sink-, nice yard, fence; 28 min-
utes' ride to Third and Market nts. ; $400
cash, balance $14 per month. WELLS &
SAUNDERS. G30 Market st.
C5500— MUST be paid; $3000 cash only; rents
$(50. Apply on' premises, 2623 Sutler st.. nca-
Lyon. .
$5650— BARGAIN; nice flats, well rented; Misl
sion warm belt. Owner, box 4593. Call office.
PAPERING room, walls. $1 00; painting, $1;
whitening, 75c. Painter. 315 Golden Gate av.
REAL ESTATE— -COUNTRY-— For Sale
A DELIGHTFUL country place, 160 acres;
elevation 2000 In mountains; 4 miles' south
Mountain View; within 3 hours of Sa 1
Francisco; grandest panoramic view in
State; attractive surroundings; 3 fine springs;
a perfect health home; small cottage; excel-
; lent stable; necessary outbuildings; 4 acres
i assorted orchard: 4 acres bearing vineyard;
must -sell; rreat bargain. Sec owner from 9
to 11 a. m., 23S Montgomery, FLINN, HAR-
RINGTON & CO. • -
¦ FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO
Small tracts, $60 to $90 per acre, on Rancho
Cotati. Sonoma Co.; future value assured as
San Francisco is growing rapidly; location
best for" poultry and general farming. AppJy
to Th* Cotati Co.. 302> California st., for
pamphlets and information. '
Santa Clara Valley. San Jose and Peninsular
properties, see WOOSTER. WHITTON &
MONTGOMERY. C34 Market. S. F.. & San J,
PROFITABLE orange, lemon, peach and prune
lands to sell: right locality: big money; easy
payments. HE ALT. & CARR. 0 Eddy st.
COUNTRY house: low rent; option purchase;
good water. . Full particulars box 4050, Call.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BEHKRLEY REAL ESTATE.
JlliCO — $300 CASH, balance $12 per month; fine
corner lot; street work all done one way; 5
rooms and bath, windmill and tank; 1 block
to station and electric cars. W. C. MOR \N
& CO.
5JCO0— $200 CASH, balance $lf per month; new
li-room cottage; large lot. W. C. MORAN
& CO. ¦
j $2100 — NEW 5-room cottage; fine mantel and
sideboard; sliding doors; tinted walls; fine ga3
fixtures ; stationary tubs; 8- foot .basement;
. 2 loot cement foundation; lot 45x100- fine
neighborhood; 1 block to school, churches,
etcreF, train and electric cars;. only $200 cash,
balance $20 per month. \V. C. MORAN
& CO. » LJ../.:^ \:.:.::x--;. : :
$4000 — NEW 6-room cottage and barn; 1 acre
of land; fruit trees and in a fine part of
Berkeley. W. C. MORAN & CO.. Lorin sta-
tion, and Schmidt Dlock. Berkeley.
A HANDSOME 2-story house of 7 large .rooms,
thoroughly mv> to date; electric light and
gas fixtures; street work all done; cement
walks about place; near station and In fine
neighborhood; must be seen to be fully .Ap-
preciated; price $2750; very eaFy terms.
-! - HOME REALTY CO.,
i Lorin - Station.
GOOD 5-room hieli basement • cottage ; brick
foundation, wooden mantel, china closn, etc. :
convenient to station, stores, etc.; large lot,
fenced and cross fenced; windmill and
tank, a fine home; price $1300; $100 down,
balance same as rent. ' • . .
HOME REALTY CO.. .
Lorin Station. j
BARGAINS BARGAINS '
$2000— Beautiful home of two acres; fine I
cottage of 5 rooms, pantry, etc. ; a snap. |
$1250 — Fine cottage of 4 rooms, bath, pan- !
U X\££' : £T i ? t work complete; good location.
$1000— On improved street; good location;
lot 40x123. with good house of 8 rooms etc
$150— Good lots, 25x100. in Berkeley. " - "
For bargains in real estate, call or add'esa
,« c » r, . I>. A. WENTWORTH,
I 1050 University ave.. West Berkeley. .
I NEW 5-room .cottage; bath, mantel basement-
sewered: corner lot 40x100; Golden Gate '
$1700r-$000 cash, balance monthly; 4-rbom
cottage, bath; street work done; city water-
sewered; lot 00x1.10; Ashby ave.. near Berkeley
train. . '¦ iT*T^ ' '"' ¦•' '*••¦'
$1750— $550 each, balance flat loan. Pacific
Home Building . Company, so Nevada block
San Francisco. ¦ • . , ¦--. . ' '
A" THOROUGHLY well built house of 11 rooms
bath, etc., on the sunny side . of street • and
near the university and Head seminary- lot
100x130; a. gentleman's home., JOS J.
MASON. Real Estate. Berkeley ; Station.
COTTAGE of 7 rooms and bath; high base-
ment; easy pay meats. MURDOCH, 614 Pine.
MOXEl* TO LOAJf— Contlnnetl.
K PRIVATE party loans any amount on furni-
ture, pianos: no removal; low rates; confiden-
tial. WHITEHEAD (Wlison'g). 1710 Market.
\ £. F. DISCOUNT AGENCY — Loans to salaried
'•%' people on their note.
' THE TOUSLE Y CO 1*3 Phelan bldg.
ON furniture, pianos; r.o removal: money
<julck; lowest intere*t; easy terms; no broker-
as*; reliable party. 1170 Market St.. room 6S.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by private
party; no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3, Conservatory bldg., 301 Jones.
ONE per cent on furniture: $5 a month on each
$1000; any security. 302 Montgomery St.. r. L
Honey loaned salaried people without security.
HILL. r. 44. Merchants' Exc. 431 California. .
CASH loaned salaried people' on note without
indorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner bldg.
3% OX furniture and pianos; $15 up; no re-
moval. Phone Black 1709. Room 81, 6 Eddy.
ON furniture, plaaos; lowest rate; no removal;
strictly private. LICK. 11C McAllister st.
IF you want a home I will loan you money to
buy it. A. E. R UP ELL. 222 Sansome st.
U3ANS money on salary: no indorser: Eastern
T>!an. Western Loan Co.. 309 Phelan hide-
3IOXEV WANTED.
_, jl i-r
iOUNG man with good enterprise wishes to
borrow money; pood references. Box 4661,
Call office. ,
IXSTRCMEXTS.
A — SPECIAL rale and special discounts on 100
standard makes including: 1 Knabe, $9S;
11 Haynes, $1HO; 1 Conover. $215; 2 Chicker-
Jn«. $185; 1 Heine. $290; 4 Steinway, $IS5.
Rents, $2 up; installments, $3 up. Over 5000
Heine Pianos are In use In San Francisco,
and net one can be had outside of the com-
panj-g warerocms. All the leading musi-
cians use and Indorse the Heine Fiano.
Coaie eoon; eale will close on completion of
the new Heine Hall. 2S5-237 Geary st.
ALTHOUGH many seemingly advantageous
propositions are offered In the way of prices
and terms upon pianos, please bear In mind
that we can not only duplicate them, but can
effer exceptionally fine pianos and largest
assortment of best makes to choose from.
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. Etelnway dealers..
cor. Kearny and Sutter sts., S. F.: Broad-
way and Thirteenth Eta.. Oakland.
A GOOD piano is a source of constant delight
and no one can afford to ceny himself or the
'amily such a pleasure when a piano can be
secured from us so low and upon such easy
terms. Our stock embraces the Decker &
Son. Wissner. Baumelster and Stodard. THE
ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO., 760 Market et.
ATTENTION. BARGAfN-HUNTERS—
Eeccnd-hsind upright pianos from $55 up.
Second-hand square pianos from $50 up.
Second-hand organs from $25 up; new upright
pianos from $175 up. BENJ. CUKTAZ Sk
SON. 16 to 20 O'Farrell. Chickericg. Mason
end Hamlin. Vose, Sterling pianos.
ANY piano sold by us taken back any time
within 2 years end full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe, at regular
price; costs you enly 20c a day to buy a
Ficso from us. KOHLER & CHASE. 30
O'Farrell Et.-. established 1850.
DEALERS, big profits saved on unredeemed
pianos; selling for storage and advances; up-
rights. $37 up (wonderful). WILSON'S Stor-
age. 1710 Market Et.
LUDWIG pianos — Most popular of all. For sale
CDly by the Wiley B. Allen Co.. 031 Market
ct.. Ean Francisco. Agents Chase & Baker
piano players.
SOHMER & CO. pianos: Byron Mauzy pianos:
Lester pianos: Epielmann pianos; Ceclllan
perfect piano player; pipe organs. 30S. 310,
512 Post «t.
EMALL upright, $35; large cabinet grand up-
» right. $150: square piancs. $35 up; A. B.
Cameron, walnut case, almost new. $275.
Bowers & Son. 23 Sth ft.. Ivers & Pond agts.
UPRIGHT piano. $100; splendid bargain: best
renting pianos in city for $3 per month.
6COTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO.. S60 Hayes st.
WE cfler for one week 12 beautiful pianos at
bargain prices from $85 flip. F. W. SPEN-
CER Sc CO.. corner Sutter and Powell sts.
FARTY going to locate in London must sacri- '
flee handsome upright piano. 811 O'Farrell.
S LEADING pianos. Steinway. Chlckerln*.
Weber, other makes, at FAY'S. 1729 Mission.
BARGAIN, great sacrifice; 2 uprights, nearly
new. JOS. SCHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
rubscriptions has been established at 109rf
. Valencia «t.
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
f24— LARGE store. 1C56 Howard; good B>iace
for any business; best business block.
Lsrce store with baset.. tront- Clay-Merchant,
above Montgomery; lease. Keys -036 Clay.-r.l.
[ OIL.
tJIL tanks. 2nd-hand. In good order; all sizes;
cheap. H. S. WHITE. 130-132 Beale st.
1'^.IXTEUS AM) DECORATORS.
Rooms papered $3 up; painting & tinting dare.
Hartman Paint Co.. 319 3d st.r tel. Red 3521.
riKST-CLASS work; low rates; get figures. J.
C. P.OMAINE. 640 G. G. ave.: t»l. Polk 1423.,
PALMISTRY.
MRS. E. PEARCeT 6Cic^mc~husinesirpaTmlsiC
psj-lors 14 H and 15, The Vendome. 1104 Mar-
ket St.; hours from 10 a. m. to 9 p. m. ;
horoscopes cast by mail, $1.
ilME. G. L. NEERGAARD reads 1 to 4. 700
Post «.. corner ot Jones: phone Polk 837.
H. JEROME KOSELLI. eclentlflc palmist. 513
Taylor »t.. bet. Geary and Post :tel. Black 5U1.
iTi i'ersoxai.s.
' EVERYBODY says. Mr. Lederer, your hair
creeeir.c is the best in the city and ' you
only charge *3c; shampooing, 5oc; hair diied
in 10 minutes; manicuring 25c. G. LED-
ERER. 123 Stockton st. ,.
AN elegant line of remnants lor cults to order,
(IS; with these suits we make an extra pair
cf pants iree of charge; other cults on install-
ments. $1 weekly. L. LEMOS. 1117 Market
ct.. between Seventh and Eighth.
WANTED — Youns refined and educated man
withes to meet young lady with means to
Join in profitable business enterprise; further
object matrimony. Address box 4tJ5S, Call.
TV Hi' euess? Y*O can be certain of style and
ft by using Standard Patterns. April pat-
terns and The Designer now ready. J. W.
EVANS, Domestic office. 1021 1'arket, nr.6th.
ELECTRIC light in every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Market: 700. rooms;
25c to $1 M per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
Iree 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
A— WHAT do you think? O. BERMAN, 43
Kills, makes colored shirts to order; $1 each;
him as white thirts; selection 300 patterns.
Electrolytic removal of moles and superfluous
hair; permanent; painless; free treatment;
wcrk guaranteed. Miss C. Dudley, 17C2 Market.
AT less than cost, uncalled-for Fuits, overcoats '
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS', London
Uiilor. 721 Market Et.
MONEY leaned at low interest; gold, silver.
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bcusht
et W. J. HESTHAL'S, 10 Sixth tt.
WHITE enamel iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double, $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton et.. near Broadway.
A school to learn halrdressjnir. hair work, man-
icuring. Jti&tihattan Hair Store. 1702 Market.
b*t. Polk and Van Ness. MISS A.V. DOYLE*
fcUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
«lertric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter st.
A — IF your hair Is falling or you are bald call on
Dr.G.S.Moore.332QTarrell ; send for circular.
ELECTRIC needle specialists; superfluous hair
• & moles destroyed. Mm. H. Eaton. 127 Sutter.
•(^PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
>' ear *' experience. J. B. RAY. 457 Minna et.
tins. Brlgg? — Superfluous hair, moles destroyed
by electricity. 1718 Buchanan: tel. West 259.
Masquerade costumes at H. Anderson's, theatri-
cal costuroer. 26 O'Farrell; country orders.
Klectrfc & electric-light baths, massage, hot air
treatment for rheumatism, etc 233 Geary,r.27.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles removed by
electric needle. Dr. &Mr*.Traver»e.l 170 Market.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
balr to its natural color; $1; at all druggists.'
ONE MINUTE TOOTH-ACHE DROPS CURE
Instantly; 10c and 25c. All druggists.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
TAILOR-MADE suits, $7 00; dres* psnts. $2 5oT
MlfcEt Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont!
£>R. LAMOTTE'S FRENXH CORN PAINT, the
best ccrn cure, 25c; all druggists.'
rUVSlCIA.NS AAD SCKGEOXS. '¦
AN established paying medical Bpeclaliftss busi-
ness fur tale at a bargain; clearing $5000 a
j-ear; name, lease, good will, furniture, fix-
tures, etc., all go; opportunity given for in-
x-estig-ation to those who mean business; sat-
isfactory reasons for Belling. Box iSll,- Call.
B RUPTURE and piles cured; no pay until cured*
no operation: no detention from business; all
private diseases, treated successfully; consul-
tation free. Drs. Fordc-n fc Porterneld. 6 Turk.
C .A— DR. OLIVE GRUVER. lady physician and
r eurgeon. at 4S4 Valencia 6t. ; hours 10 to &
• DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office aad residence
1021 H llarl:ct St., bet. Sixth and Seventh,
EuBflay.-tiiv
WORTH-PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
'Via Sausallt3 Ferry
•¦ Commencing September 29, 1901
FROM VALL ET
: EXTRA ; TRU-S-For Mill Valley . . n 'd Saa
Rafael on Monday*. Wednesdays and SaturduSi
at u:30 and 11:40 p. m. • ""*•
Trains marked <•) run to San Quentin.
alraT; »12:25. 8:15. Ki.Xi. «:40.-B:So % « W
EXTRA- TRIPS on .'Mondays,. Wednesday*
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 9:55 p.- m
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL. VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS-5:45. 6:43 7:55. 8:55: 10:30
a. m.;- 12:35. 2:45, 3:60.^0:10 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on .- Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:05,, 10:05 a. m., ; 12:05. 3:15-
3:30, 5:00. 6:45 p. . m."\-> . .
T - ' . THROUGH TRAINS.
¦ ; 6:55 '<¦ a. m. week : days— Cazadero and way
station*.: ;, ¦*¦''
.1:45 p. m. Saturdays^-Duncan Mills and way
stations. * •¦•" ¦' ¦ - ' - '
-8:00 a. m. Sundays— Duncan . Mills and way
stations.' -•¦-' ' * .
Fairfax^- Sundays— 8:00. 9:00, . 10:0a 11:30
a. mA^msas>MV><P4BattP9VMBBVBkMBjB|sjB|
«• Learal Holiday boats and . trains will run oa
RAILWAY TRAVEIi.
EASTER NOVELTIES.
107 POWELL ST;nca*ELUSS505$
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Train* leave and are duo to arrive at,
S»AN FRANCISCO.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street )
Ijatk ¦> — Fbom March 30. 1902. — abbit»
7.00a Benlcis, Sulsun, Kimlra and Sacra-
. mento ......... ....' 6-65r
7.00a VacavlUe, "Winters. Rumsey 7.65»
¦ 7-30a Martinez. San Ramon. Vallejo,
Xapa. Callstoga. Santa Rosa 6-25?
800a Davis, Woodland, Knights Landing,
MaryiTllle, Oroville 7.55?
8. 00a Atlantic Express— Osden and East. 8.25a
8.00a Nlles, Lathrop, Stockton 7-25r
¦ 8.00a Mies, Mendota, Hanford, Vlsulia,
PorterrUle 4.56*
8-30a Shasta Express— Davl», Williams ; *%*M]
(for Bartlett Springs), WUlows,
lied Bluff, Portland 7-55*
8-30a San Joae, Livcrmore, Stockton,
lone, Sacramento, PlaccrvlHe,
MarysTille, Chlco, Red Bluff 4-25?
8.30a Oakdale.Cnlnese.Sonora.Tuolumne 4.25?
9.00a Vallejo 12^S»
9.00a Los Angeles Express — Martinez,
i Tracy, Lathrop,Stockton,lIerccd,
Fresno and Los Angeles 8 25a
9- 30a Vallejo, Martinez and Way Stations 7.55F
?10-00a Hayward, Uile» and Way Sutions.t12.55l>
10.00a The Overland Limited — Ogden,
Denver, Omaha. Chicago. .;. 5-25F
ti.OO Sacramento Kiver Steamers tii-OOr
3-OOp ' Benicia, Winters, Sacramento,
. 'Woodland, Knights ' Landing,
Marjavllle, Oroville 10.55a
3-3u> Haywarit, Nlles and Way Stations.. 7-55r
4-OOr Marttnez,San Ramon. VallcJo.Xapa,
Callitoga, Santa Ruaa 9.25a
4.0fjT Niles, Llvennore, Stockton, Lodl.. 12.26P
430p Hayward.Nlles.San.Joge.Llvermoro tS-55*
4-30P The Owl Limited— Fresno, Tulare.
, BakeraCeld. Saagus for Santa
Barbara, Los Angeles 8.55a
6. 00> Port Costn.Tracy.Lathrop.Stockton 10.25a
5-00r Martinez. Antloch, Stockton, Mer- - ¦-;•.
ced, Fresno :.,.. 12-25P
t5.30r Nile* Local 7.25a
6.C0p Hayward, Xllcs and San Jose 7.55a
t8.00P Vallejo 11.25a
6-OOp Oriental Mall— Ogden, Denver,
Omaha. St. Louis. Chlcaeo 4257
7-OOp San Pablo, Port Coats, Martinez
•- and "Way Stations. 11.25a
/ *7.00p Vallejo 7.55*
- 8 05p Oregon & Calif ornla. Eipresn — Sac-
. ramento, MaryiTllle, . Redding,
Portland, Puget Sound and East. 8.55a
t9-10r naywardandyileg t11-6SA
COAST LINE (>arroir Uaage).
(Foot of .Market Street.)
8.15a Newark, Centervillc. 8aa Joae,. ...
Felton, Boulder Creek, Santa
Cruz and Way Stations 6.S0*
t2.15? Xewark, Centcrvllle, San Jose,
Xcw Almaden. Felton, Couldcr
Creek. Santa Crnz and Principal
Way Stations 10.50a
4. 15f Newark, San Joae, Los Gates t8-50A
a9-30p Hunters* Triln— Sun Joae and Way
Stations ¦ t7.2Qy
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAN FRANCISCO, Foot of Market St. ( Slip 8)
— fTMS 9:C0 11:0Oa.x. 1.00 300 515p.m.
From OAKLAND, Foot of Broadway — +6:00 tS:08
t3:05 10:00 a.m. 12 00 200 400 p.m. ¦
COAST LINE (Broad flanije).
(fnirtl ana Townseart Street*.) .
6.10a San Jose and Stations 6.40a
700a San Jose and Way buttons +8.00A
7.00a New Almaden /4-10f
8.00a Coast Lino Limited — San Jose, .
Gl!roy, Salinas, San Luis Oblspo,
Santa Barbara, Los Angeles and -
Principal Intermediate Stations. 10.45'
9.00a San* Jose, Tres Pinos, Santa. Crnz. -
Pacific Grove, Salinas, San Luis
Oblspo and Principal Intermedi-
ate Stations ..; ' 4-IOf '
10.30a San Jose and Way Stations 8-38a
11.30a San Jose and Way Stations 9.48a .
t2-45F San Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto, Santa Clara, san Jose,
Tres Plnos, Santa Crnz, Sallnaa, - .
Del Monte, Monterey and Pacific
GroTe t10.45A
3.30f San Jose and Way Stations ¦ 1.30f
t4.15F Sao Jose and PrindpalWayStationa 6.30F
4.50f Sanset Limited— Monday, April 7th,
14th, 21st, for Los Angeles. El
Paso,New Orleans and New York.
Last train leaves New Orleans
April nth r. 10.15a
tS.OOP San Jose. Los Gatos and Principal
Way Stations t9-0OA
6.30f San Jo'»jind PrindpalWayStationa 6-30p
8.30f San Jose and Way Stations 7.30P
7. 00p New Orleana Express — San Lula
1 ' Obispo, Santa Barbara, Los An-
geles. Demlng. £1 Paso, New
Orleans and East '. , 11.30a
' «n.45r San Jose and Way Station* 7. 3Cf
A for Morning. P for Afternoon,
t Sunday excepted. X Sunday only.
a Saturday only. /Tnesdays and .Fridays. _
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO,
LESSEES # .
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
Son Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DATS— T:3O. 9:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:33.
3:30. 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Ext r*
trip at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays — Extra" trlpa
at 1:50 and 11:30 p, m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 %. m.; 1:30. 3:30,
t:CO, 0:20 p. m.
6an Rafael tn San Francisco.
WEEK DAT^«:10, 7:50, 9:20. 11:10 a. in.:
12:45, 3:40. 5:15 p. m. Saturdays — Extra
trips at 1:55 and 6:35 p. m. ¦
SUNDAYS— 8:10, 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40.
5:00, 6:25 p. m. - ' -
Leave- I In Effect I Arrive
San • Francisco. |Apr. 2S, 1901) San Francisco.
Week J. Sun- I J Sun- J Week
Days. I daya. I Destination [ daya.' | Days.
7:30am| 8:00am Novato. 10:40am) 3:40am
3:30pm 9:30am Petaluma, 6:05pm'10:25am>
• p :10pm I 5:00pm Santa Rosa. 7 :35pm | 6:20pra
Fulton,
7:30am • 'Windsor, ' 10:25*a
5:00pm Healdsburgr, 10:40am -
Lytton.
Geyservllle,
3:30pm 8:00am Gloverdale, 7:33pm 6:20pm
7:30am 6:00pm Hopland 10:40am 10 :25an
3:30pm 8:00am and Uktah. 7:35pm 6:20pm
~7i30am~~" f 0:40am 10 :25am
- . . S :00am Guernevllle. 7:35pm
3:30pm 5:00pm 6:20pm
":30am 8: COam Sonoma 9:15am4 8:40am
<.v\... .'.i and '-" '
S :10pm 8:00pm Glen Ellen. 6:05pm 6:20pm
7 :30am| 8:00am) . |10:40amjl0:25ani
3:30pm( 5:00pm( Sebastopol. | 7:35pm| 6:20pm
Stages connect at. Santa Rosa for Mark Wen
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altrurla; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Geyservtlle for Skagga Springs; at Cloverda!s
for the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs, Highland Springs, Kelseyvllle. Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. "Witter
Springs Upper Lake. Pomo, Potter Valley.
John Day's. Riverside. Lierley's Bucknell'3.
Sanhedrtn Heights. Hullvllle. On^s Hot Springs.
Mendocino City, Fort Bragg. Westport. Usal.
Wllllts Laytonvllle, Cummins. Bell's Springs,
Harris'- Olsen's. Dyer. Scotia and Eureka. , )
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates. . . .
Ticket office, 650 Market street. Chronicle
bunding. WHmNO j^ X. RTA1*.
Gen Manager. .Gen. Paas. Agt. .
Santa/ Fe
Trains—Daiiy.
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
: Local Ltm'd Ovrl'd Local
Dally Dally Dally Daily
Lv San Fran. 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00p 4:2Op
., Stockton.. 10:18 a 11:44 a 11:10 p 7:13 p
*'• M«c*d!v. 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:30 a 9:11 p
" Fresno... 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:15 a 10.50 p
" Hanford.. 3:12 p 3:27 p 8:05 a .......
•• Visalla... 3:39 p ...... 6:00 a
" Bakersfld. 6:15 p 6:20p t :45 a
». Kan. ¦ City ' 2:40a 7:30a .......
"Chicago 2:15p 9:00p
' a for morning, p for afternoon.
0:00 a. m. train is the California Lim-
ited carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and
Dining Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car
runs to BakersfleJd for accommodation of
local first-class passengers. No second-
class tickets are honored on this train. Cor-
responding train arrives at 7 :05 a^ m. dally.
4*20 p m..is Stockton. Merced and Fresno
locaL Corresponding train arrives at 12:30
n>- is t fle Overland Express; with
through Palace and Tourtst Sleepers. and
Free Reclining 1 Chair Cars to Chicago; alao
Palace Sleeper, which ' cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 6:00 p. m.
V20 a. m. Is Bakersfleld Local, stopping
at all points In San Joaquln Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally.
¦ Offices — 641 Market street and In Ferry
Depot. San '. Francisco: 1113 Broadway,
Oakland.
WOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leave Via Sausallto Ferry Xmve
San Fran." Foot of Market St. San Fran.
JD^l toy*. g£L ®¥h
9-30 a. 8:00a. tMmiat k . m rt T *) !•«> '• %*? *•
l:15r. w " kBM " 11 * io:55p.
Fu*. Sib TiwIk* te Saanlt md lUnm. USB. '
suutoacM, cu 1LUUU2 gmxrt «d utjsxujo nm
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 HEARST ST. Established
In 1934 for the treatment of Private
Dtaraftes, L«xt Manhood. -Debility or
dlM>as* wearing on body mnct mind and -
Skin Diseases. The Doctor enres when
others fall. Try him. Charges low.
t'nreatruaranlred. Cullorwitt%
"¦' l>r. 4. i*. WIB2OX. baa Fraacbco. C*i- *
L , : piyiDEND 1 NOTICES. ...-¦'.;
DIVIDEND Notice— The i Giant V Powder .; Com-
> pany. ; Con. : A dividend;. No/ 40,: of seventy-
I j five, cents (75c) ; per share on : the issued capl-
¦ tal stock of the company' has been [ declared
.?, payable at the office of the company, rooms
' ; 202-204-206 Hay ward building, San ,'• Fran-
. cisco, on April 10. 1902. ¦': Transfer books close
¦ . April •; 3. 1902. ; at noon: ; J. R. . LEAVELL.
'. ¦ Secretary.' ,. ; ¦ '.-'- ' ¦ .-: J-. . .¦-¦-¦-¦¦¦ - 1 -" . ,
.__j: _[_'_¦ '¦'.'¦'_ FR Q po r^ A My- - " - : " '* •
OFFICE of C. Q. : i M., ' Vancouver Barracks, ;
h ' Wash:. March 4, 1902.— Sealed proposals, in
r --' triplicate, will be received here until 11 a. m.
April -4, 1902, and then .opened, for the con-
struction ' at Vancouver: Barracks,' Wash., : of
' a ' subsistence storehouse. - For .: full lnforma-
. tion,'^ plans and ¦ specifications apply to this
office. United States reserves right to" reject
i, or accept any or. all proposals or any part
• thereof. Envelopes containing prapouals
v should be marked: • ."Proposals for ' construc-
tion of a subsistence storehouse. at Vancouver.
Barracks, Wash." and addressed to under-
signed. J. W. JACOBS, VC. <3. M.
LEGAL -ADVERTISEMENTS. : >
OFFICE of tho Sierra Railway Company of
California," 229 Crocker bldg.. San Francisco,
Cal., April 1. 1902 — Coupon No. 10, due April
'12. 1902,. from first' mortgage 6 per cent bonds
i of the Sierra Railway" Company of | Calif or-
, L nia, will be paid at the fiscal agency of this
company,, the Crocker-Woolworth National
Bank of San Francisco. Cal:. on and after
that date. S. D. FRESHMAN, Treasurer.
CUSTOM-HOUSE, San Francisco, March 31,
' 1902. — Notice. — Certain • goods . remaining, one
. . year in Bonded Warehouse I wiH be ¦ sold at
public auction at the United States Apprais-
er's Store. on the 24th of April. 1902, at 10
o'clock a. m. Descriptive catalogues can be
¦ had at the Custom-house on April 10, 1902,
- or • at the time and place of sale. F. S.
STRATTON, Collector. ' . ' ~
.MARKIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday : • ¦ . ¦ -.
• John . J. P. de Martini, 24, Martinez, and
Assunta Capriuolo/16, 12 Jansen street. - '
John Galietta. 81, 2154 . Mission street, and
Glofre, 22, city.- .
Ezra P. Smith, 20, 368 Fell street, and Lou-
isa M. Eib. 20. 36S Fell street.
• Walter H, Smith, 22, 2116 Howard street,
and 1 Alice C. Grimes, ' 19, 3621 Twentieth 3treet.
Charles Brown. 23, 7 Elizabeth street.' and
May E. Carroll, -23, 2S San Carlos avenue. , ¦
George M. Caesar, 28, San Rafael, Cal.,' and
Margaret C. Kennedy, 22, 370 Page street.
Joseph R. Bowles, 32, Portland, ¦ Or., and
Bernice C. Washburne, 27, Portland. Or.
; Frederic Murls»t, 25, 750 O'Farrell street,
and Jessre Josselyn, 2S, CS5 Ellis street.
William P. Hassell, . 21. 1032 Sacramento
street, and Josephine A. Green, -IS, 544 Gough.
Donald E. Vales, 26, 781 Mission street, and
May A. Neville, 23, 1104 Mission street.
Joseph E. Banovich, 21, 277 • Minna street,
and Elizabeth Barbich. 21, 278. Tehama street.
Thomas' N. Carter, ' 21,. Oakland, Cal., and
Agnes B. McCuen, IS, city. :
Frederick S. Hamlin, 23, Portland, -Or., and
Katheryne B. Howard, 19, 237 Webster street. '
Hugh Greenwood, 32, 11£ Eddy street; and
Frieda Francke,'- 40, US Eddy street.
James J. Sexton. 31, city, and Sarah John-
ston, 29, San Mateo.
BIRTHS— MARRIA&ES— DEATHS. /
Birth, rnarrlaca and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of ! per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
MARBIEIX
BOWLES— WASHBURNE-— In this city.' March
31, 1002, by the Rev. Dr. John A. B. WIN
¦son, Joseph R. Bowles and' Bernice C. Wash-
i burne. both of Portland. Or; ' '. ; . . ;
BTJCHLER— BEHRNS— In this city, March 30,
•1902, at Westminster Church,' by the Rev.
E. H. AVery. ! D.D.. George . L. .Buchler :and
Lena G.- Behrns." both of Georgetown, Cal.
MOORE— PENNYCOOK— In this city, March
.30, 1002. by the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson,
, Peter Moore ! and Maggie Belle Pennycook,
both of San Francisco." /
VALES— NEVILLE— In this ; city, March 31.
1902, , Donald E. Vales and; May A. Neville,
both of San Francisco.' ' • '
' : DIED. >¦!.'• ..;. . v ¦/. ;:'
Boland.' Julia t /Richardson. Robert
Crowley. Richard ' Robinson, Elizabeth :
Francis, Frances L. Rowland,- Walter H.
Galvin, Mary E. Sullbery,. Fina A.
Garcia. John , Taft. Lola
Gatter. , Frederick . Taylor, James
¦ Hempt, Joseph r Thompson. Elizabeth
Hoesch, Henry ' Thompson, Robert
Housman. Catherine ' Tuohey,- Joseph P.
Joel, James L. -I - Tyler, Robert V ¦ :*•
Kane,' Grace J,.- j\ ¦' - : Viani, Hazel- •••' . . ,
Mogan, Joseph A. *" : Von Iischner, Joseph
Moore, Elizabeth J. Walrath. Austen
O'Brien, Elizabeth iWeber. Charles J.
.. 'O'Connor; John-J.- v«-"»*ivilex)n.' Ecrward T: —
Reed. Harry M. ¦¦.'¦--¦¦¦ "--'
BOLAND— In this city v March 30, 1902, Julia,
beloved, wife of Richard J.- Boland,- and be-
loved daughter of Mr. 'and Mrs.C. Brosna-
han of Vallejo, . a- native- of Vallejo, Cal.,
aged 30 year* 7 months and 4 days. : ¦ . •
< {C7Frlend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), "at ft o'clock, from ¦ the resi-
dence of ¦ her parents, 128 ¦ Virginia street,
Vallejo, thence to St. Vincent's Church, Va-
llejo, whnre a solemn requiem -mass will be
celebrated for the repoae of her soul, com-
• menclng at 9:30 o'clock. Interment. St. Vln-'
cent's Cemetery, Vallejo. ¦ * -
CROWLEY— In this city. March 31. 1902,
' Richard Crowley, a native of Ireland, aged
66 years. ;^-, ,- .;
FRANCIS — In this city, March 29, 1902, Fran-
ces Lecount, beloved wife of R. C. Francis,
and • mother of Charle»- B., Joseph S. and
George E. Francis, a native of Philadelphia,
-Pa., aged 70 years 5 months and (J days.'
CCTFriend» and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to uttend the funeral services
to-day (Tuesday), at 12:30 o'clock, at her
late residence, 08 Pleasant street, oft Taylor,
between Sacramento and Clay, thence to St.
Peter's Episcopal Church, corner of Stockton
and Filbert streets, where services will be
held. . ' .
GALVIN— In this city. March 30, 1902, Mary
Ely Galvin, wife of Edward I. Galvin of Sac-
ramento, and mother of Carrol D.,Reba R.
and Charlotte M. '. Galvin, aged 58 years and
(j months. . .„ .
IG^Kuneral services will . be : conducted by
Rev. Joseph Worcester at.. the New Church,
corner of Washington and Lyon streets, • at
1:30 o'clock to-day/, Friends invited to . the
church. Interment private. ,
GARCIA— In this city, March 31, : 1902. John
•Garcia, beloved hueband of Evarlsta Garcia,
and father of Mrs. M..S. Borba. John Garcia
• and Lewie. Garcia. ' • • •'•• •
C7 Remains at the funeral parlors of H.
F. Maass, 017 Mission street.
GATTER— In Oakland, March 31, 1902, Fred-
erick Gatter, beloved husband of Sadie F.
Gatter, and son of the ¦- late MlchaeJ' and
Charlotte Gatter, a native of Germany, aged
34 years 9 and 2S days. > .
HEMPT— In this city, March 29. 1902/ Joseph
Hempt. a -native of Austria, aged 64 -years
and 17- days; .
(ET'Friends'and acquaintances are respect-
fully invlfd -to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, at the
parlors of ike California Undertaking Com-
pany, 405 Powell street. - near. Post. -. Inter-
ment Cypress. Lawn Cemetery, by 11 :30
o'ejook -train from -Third and Townsend
streets. •
HOESCH— In this city, March 31, 1902, Henry
Hoesch, beloved husband of Mary E. Hoeech,
and father of Mrs. C. P. Grimwood and
Mary E.. Henry F., Fred/Emma and (Elsie
Hoessh. a native of Germany, aged 73 yearn.
[CFuneral strictly private. Please omit
flowers.-
HOUSMAN— In this city, March 31, 1002
. 'Catherine C.',* dearly beloved daughter, of Ed-'
wnrd H. - and-'Mary '. Housman (nee Ayres)
sister of Leland E. and Hazel M. Housman
. granddaughter .of Mrs, C. Ayres, and niece
of. Fred Ayres andT. F. Holtz, a native. of
Watsonville, , aged 4 years 5 months and 10
.-.¦'¦ days. ,¦ ' . ;.
JOEL— In this city, March' 31. 1002,: James
- Lewis Joel; beloved son of Jeannette and the
late Albert- Joel;, and brother • of Mrs. A
', Goldstein and Otto and Arthur Joel,'- a native
of San Frnnclaoo, ; aged 24 years 0 ' months
and 20 days. (New .York papers please copy.)
.'.'¦¦; ic^Friends and "acquaintances are- respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
I (Wednesday)! at 10:15 o'clock, from, his late
residence, 1214, Eddy -, street.' , Tntennent. at
Home of Peace Cemetery, by train leaving
Third and Townsend streets at 11:30 -o'clock.
KANE— In this city. March 3i; 1002. Grace
¦Josephine, dearly beloved daughter of James
M. and Minnie j E. ¦ Kane, a native of San"
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan &¦ Gallagher.)
'•¦'' 'DANIEL P. DONOVAN. "Mgr.:...
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS
•. -20 Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln. School.
, ; , , . Telephone - South 80. • '
' -.,'., /*' . : - .'.;..- : - •-.-¦¦ .-, - .'.. ¦ ... . ¦¦/••
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
• .". /• NEAREST;. THE; CITY. '..: ..-- •..:/;:
Office^ 916 Market- Street.
\ : Telephone Bush 307. •" .--* *
NEW FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS.
' Samuel McFadden, ' 18 years .manager for
, the United' Undertakers' Association; M. J.-
McBrearty." with; the same company, for 13
'; years; P. F: Green/late with J. C. O'Con-
nor & Co.'." have opened.new Funeral Par-
' lors ' at -1171 ••¦ Mission '. st., ; between - Seventh
- and Eighth. I Telephone : South, 44. ¦ j >¦:- 1 •
- AloGINNiBROS.. • ':¦.:¦ \li
-FUNERAL' DIRECTORS -and- EMB ALM-
iERS, to 224' and; 226 McAllister st. - (For-
merly of 31=Eddv st:- Tel. South 252.)- ' '
C7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
. fully invited to attend ths funeral to-
day, Tuesday, Aprin, at 1:30 o'clock, from
Masonic Temnle. corner Post and Montgom-
ery streets, where services will be held under
the auspices of Oriental Lodge No. 144,- F.
and A. M. Remains at the parlors of H. ,F.
, 9uhr & Co., 1137 Mission street. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery, by electric • funeral
'-. car from, Eighteenth and, Guerrero streets.
WEEER — In this city, March 31,' 1902, Charles
J. Weber, beloved son of the late George and
* Katherine Weber, and brother of Henry and
Peter Weber and Mrs. J.' Krehmke, a native
of San Francisco, aged 28 years 9 months
and 25 days. , , *
WILSON — In Oakland, of diphtheria, at 812
Filbert street, : Edward .Francis, dearly, be-
. .loved .son of- Robert . and the- late Maggie
1 Wilson, and brother \ of the late ¦ Mary • L.
. Wilson of San ' Fx-anclsco, a native of San
Franc'sco, aged 3 years and 15 days.
tT?'Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
< folly Invited to attend the funeral to-day
.'(Tuesday), at" 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 2300 Mason street, between Francisco
and Bay. Interment New. Italian Cemetery.
VON LOCHNER— In this city, March 29, 1902,
Joseph von Lochner,' a native of Germany,
aced r>3 years. ¦ . . >
ItyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
, fully invited to attend th^ funeral, to-morrow
at 10:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of H, F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street,
between Seventh and Eighth. Cremation Cy-
prers Lawn Cemetery. ¦ > ¦ ;
WALRATH— In this city, March ' 29, 1902.
Austen Walrath. beloved husband of Mar-
garet Elizabeth "Walrath. and .brother of
Kichard C. Walrath of Nevada City, a- na-
tive of New York, aged 73 years. .
Q7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
5 fully. . Invited: , to * Attend ; the. I funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
. the Henry J. Gallagher Undertaking Com-
pany. TO Fifth street. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery. ' . . . . •¦".;' .
TUOHEY— In • this city,' March 29. 1902. Jo- r
. seph P.,.- beloved . husband of Isabella -1?.
Tuohey, and father of John, ; Mary. George
anj Joseph :Tuohey- and -Mrs.- -Nellie Mac-
Farlane, a native of England, ¦ aired ! 47
years 9 months and 22 days. A member of
Oshonee Tribe No. 78, Imp. O. R. M.; Cigar-
makers' Union No. 228. and the "New" York-'
ers." (New York" ar.d Brooklyn, papers
please copy.) '• ' - • . . ¦ -. , ¦ ¦
ETTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral- to-
day. Tuesday, April 1, at 9:30 o'clock, from
' his late residence, 307 Chenery street, thence
to St. John's Church (College Hill), where '¦*
requiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his .soul, commencing at 10:30
o'clock. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
TYLER— In this city, March 31. 1002, Robert
Vincent. • beloved son of Charles and Emma
Tyler, \ a native of, San ' Francisco, aged 1
year 4 months" and, 9 days. •
VIANI— In this city, March 30. 1902. Hazel,
dearly beloved and only daughter of Michael
-''and Josephine Vianl. and sister of Alfred
Viani. .and grandchild of Mrs. Teresa Cuneo,
a native of San Francisco, aged 2 years 2
months and 19 days. . . - ., •
(C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited- to attend , the funeral to-day
. . (Tuesday), at '£ o'clock, from the parlors of
the Henry -J. Gallagher Undertaking Com-
pany, 20 Fifth street. Interment Laurel Hill
CemeteiY. . ' -
THOMPSON— In this city, March 30. 1902,
Robert, beloved husbard of the late Ellza-
• beth ; P. Thompson, . and brother of Matilda
Roberts Boynton,. a native of County An-
trim, Ireland, aged 65 years.
I (E7Frlend3 and acquaintances . are respect*
fully Invited to attend the -funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors
of Charles H. J. Truman & Co.. -1900 Mission
street, between Fifteenth and Sixteenth. In-
terment-Mount Olivet Cemetery. ,vla 11:30
o'clock train. • • '-. , - ' • ¦ . \ .' .:
THOMPSON— In this city, March : 29, 1902,
Elizabeth P.. beloved wife of the late Rob-
ert Thompson, a native of County Armagh,
Ireland, aged -84 years.- -
[7FuneraI took place from' M. S. Davis'
undertaking parlors, Santa Rosa, at 1
o'clock. March 31, 1902. ' ¦ ' ¦ .
TAYLOR— In this city, March 30, 1D02, James
Taylor. '¦ ; ~ \ ~ ' - - . > - • . a
ES'Frlends and' acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, ¦" at . the
residence of, Mrs. Margaret Scheller, 410 B
street. North* Oakland. Interment Mountain
'View Cemetery. : , . ' ¦
SULLBERY— In East Oakland, at 963 Par*
way, March 31, 1302, Fina Albertina, dearly
beloved wife of Julius Sullbery, and mother
of He! Ian Christina, .Sigrld Albertina and
Aneth Oktavia Sullbery. a native of Sweden,
' aged 33 years 5 months and 19 days. >
TAFT — Near ' Sebastocol. I Sonoma i County,
• March 29, 1902. Lola, beloved daughter of
' H. D. Taft, aged 18 years « months and' 1(5
. days. (Portland, Or., St. Joseph and Kansas
City papers please copy.) -~ ' .•
IC^The.' funeral will take place ¦ to-day
(Tuesday), at S:30 o'clock, from her. la to
residence. 060 Haight street, thence to Sacred
Heart Church, where a , requiem high mass,
will be celebrated for the repose ot her soul
at 0 o'clock. Interment private. ' '
ROWLAND — In this city, March 30, 1002,
Walter H.. beloved husband ,of Adolphina
, Rowland, and father of Olga Rowland, a
native of New York City, aged 25 years and
8 days. A member of Court Piedmont No.
. 7808, A. O. of F.
-'¦•¦ EyRemains at the parlors of H.' F. Suhr
& Co.. 1137 Mission street, between Seventh
' and ' Eighth. ;
RICHARDSON— In this city, March 30, 1902.
Robert Richardson, a native of New York.
aired 56 years. ' . • . ' • . . ' .
ROBINSON— In this city, March 30, 1902,
Elizabeth Robinson, mother of the late Mrs.
.. J. C. Nealon, a native of County, Limerick,
Ireland, • aged 75 years. . ¦ .
KyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Thursday
at 0 o'clock; from his late residence, 5870
Fremont street, between Fifty-elerhth and
Fifty-ninth, thence to St. Columba's Church,
¦ where a requiem high . mass will - be • cele-?
brated for the repose of his soul, commenc-
ing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment St. Mary'3
Cemetery, ¦ Oakland.
REED— In this city, March 31, 1902, Harry
M., ¦¦ beloved husband of Lottie Reed, 1 and
father of Grover and Essie Reed, a native
of Michigan, aged 35 years 7 months and 1C
' days. ' . .' ¦ •
- E?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-.
¦ fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9 0/ clock, from the: funeral
parlors of McGinn Bros., 224-220 McAllister
; street, ; thence to Holy Cross Church, where
a solemn . refluiem mass will be . celebrated
. for the repose of her soul, commencing at
9:30 o'clock. - Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
. ' tery. ¦.-,...¦-.
O'CONNOR— In Oakland/March 31. 1902. John
Jame3, beloved husband of Ellen T.- O'Con-
nor, and father of Patrick, Frank," Margaret,
Jcseph, Catherine, Nellie, Charles, Vincent,
Aloysius and'Wlllie O'Connor and Mrs. Min-
nie Feliz. a ¦ native • of County Kerry, Ire-
land, aged 55 years 10 months and 7 days, t
t->" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
-: fully . invited to ' attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the Church
cf. the Advent. Tenth street, near Market.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery. " ~ Y
O'BRIEN— In this city/ March 30, 1902/ Eliza-
beth, beloved wife of the ; late Thomas
- O'Brien,- 'and mother of Edward, John anil
Thomas O'Brien, a native of Ireland, aged
54*years. •¦¦ ¦ ... ...--. • ' :
;(E?"The funeral will take place -to-morrow
¦ (Wednesday), at 1 o'clock/ from the parents
residence, 864 Halsht street. Intarment Holy
.' Cross Cemetery. ..
MOGAN— In this city, March 30, 1002, Joseph
A.: Moean. beloved husband of Violet J.
Mogan, son . of Mary and the late John Mo-
gan. . and brother of Mrs. ". J. Kltterman and
Columb. Austin and Minnie Mogan. »
ICTFriends and acquaintances , aro respect-
- fully invited to attend the funeral Thursday,
at 0 o'clock, from the late residence. C02
Filbert street, thence to St.. Francis Church,
where a solemn requiem high mass will to
celebrated at 0:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
• Cress Cemetery.
MOORE— In this city. March 20. 1902, Eliza-
beth J. Moore, beloved wife of 'William
Moore, and mother of W. J. Moore, and sis-
ter of Annie ,-Irwin. *
Francisco, aged- 5 years S months and .5
days.-. .,,: -... , ' • , • ¦ ' • ¦ ¦ ¦ •. ._¦ ¦ v ' U ¦". '?¦
BATXWA7 TBAVEL.¦y Samuel a driver for Gray Broth
era, .,• was i arrested ' * y estenjay ;.» by ¦ Officer
Hooper; of .^the 1 : Socletyx for ; the . Prevention
of i Cruelty; to for" using a. horse
• with- eorej shoulders. • ' : • |:--v.- .
Arrested for Cruelty.-
/•'If so, give us; a call to-morrow (Wednesday)
morning at' 9^o'clock. -We place; upon sale 5000
pairs ladles' shoes, •slze3!2',2 tbS.-wldtha C tr
5 E ,' '¦ f<^ 3^? <tjP} T - ' : Alb K ood shoes;, made by
Nolan ' & % Co. jrtHid • Krlppendort & Dlttman
They are , fully worth : $.J 50 ' a.- pair. ; Our crice
on '.Wednesday. • 35c:a palr;r also "3000 .pairs
misses and * children's school shoes 'same' price
Be onUime and get -best selection. Busy- Be?
Shoe Company.' 1CJ0' Market St., above Slxtn' •
Have You Large Feet P
John RItter, glovemaker, aged about 20
years, celebrated Easter by getting drunk,
and was carried to his room in the Ahl
born House, 321 Grant avenue, on, Sunday
night at 11 o'clock by: Hart Tobener, ¦ the
night" clerk, and K. Komers, a hotel em
ploye. He was found . at 11 o'clock ¦ yes
terday forenoon dead, lying 'on his face
on the floor. After the door of the room
closed upon him It is supposed! he fell to
the floor and died. The body was removed
to the Morgue.
Fatal Easter Spree.
; The members' of . "the Paper Hangers'
Urilon'NoJ 509, at a recent meeting, declined
to/acceDt cardsvfronT the State
Building. Trades Council on- the ground
that the union was not: affiliated with the
council and had no desire to do so It was
further ; set; forth by the;union that it
held cards f rom. the: local Building- Trad«q
Council,-whlch;it considered sufficient
Union Refuses Working Cards^
Mrs. E. Ridley, wife of an ironmolder,
and residing at 776 O'Farrell street, com
mitted suicide at her home, last night by
swallowing a dose of carbolic acid. Be
cause of the -woman's intemperance the
landlady .ordered - the Ridleys to move.
While the husband was looking for other
quarters his wife took the poison. The
police were notified and had Mrs.-. Ridley
removed to the Central Emergency ; Hos
pital, where she died soon after -her ar
rival. - The . body was removed to the
Morsue. ' ; . ' .
Woman Commits . Suicide.
Robert C. Clapp was arrested yesterday
for -renting the? house at .: 8 Bacon place
for. immoral purposes. He was released
on $50 cash bail, r A. case against him for
renting 2 i Bacon place for , the same ' pur
pose was dismissed by Judge Fritz Friday
because • it : could not ¦ be . proved that he
had anything to. do. with that house. '.:
Morality Crusade.
Peter Dempsey,. residing, at 522 Minne
sota'street, attempted to board a moving
car yesterday • at >' Fifth and Howard
streets. He missed his footing and fell to
the street, fracturing both hips. ¦
Broke Both Hips.
. Frank -Thompson, a colored youth, was
arrested . yesterday . morning on Vallejo
street • for stealing a copy of The Call
from Mrs. Currier, 2714 Devlsadero street
He^was caught, by J. B. Price, a citizen'
and handed ! over to Policeman J w
Butterworth, .who: booked him on a
charge j or petty, larceny. The paper was
found in his pocket. A number of sub
scribers In. that: neighborhood have been
complaining of their papers being stolen
Newspaper Thief Arrested.
The suit of Smiths' Cash Store against
the First National Bank of .San Fran
cisco-was dismissed yesterday without
prejudice by United States District Judge
de Haven. ; The suit has been transferred
to the Superior Court.
Damage Suit Transferred.
"This relieved me," said Hutchlnson
last night, "and I tried the experiment
again. I .put too much on my handker
chief and when I was called. by my sis
ter I was in a faint.' I was lying on the
lounge and she could not arouse m«."
Archie Hutchlnson, 726 Post street, who
recently reported a sensational hold-up
to the police, in which a. blonde .woman
ond two footpads, he ¦ said, •' were con
cerned,- was a victim last night of an
overdose of - chloroform. . " He denies that
he took it with suicidal intent,: but says
that he tried "to doctor himself and made
a mull of it" His relatives say, the same.
Hutchinson Is subject to Jits and the
paroxysms render him mentally incompe
tent at times. One of these . fits came
upon him soon after his encounter with
the footpads and chloroform was admin
istered to him at the Emergency Hospital,
to which he was taken. ,-• ¦ :
Young Man Who Reported ' Sensa
tional Hold-Up Is Victim ; of
Alleged Accident. .;] ,'/;
: : Frank Woods, allai "St. Louis Frank,"
,one of the thugs accused of the murder
of Policeman Eugene- Robinson at Six
teenth and .Valencia streets on January
21, was taken from the Central Emer
gency Hospital yesterday; afternoon to
the 'City Prison" by Detective Dinan and
Policeman Thompson. Woods was arrest
ed in Portland and had two bullet wounds
In his back. * He was taken to the hospi
tal ¦ on - February 4, where an operation
was. performed and the two bullets ex
tracted. He; is. now convalescent,, but is
stlllweak. ' - : .
Frank Woods Convalescent.
- Notice of appeal from the decision of
Judge" Seawell denying the National Ath
letic Club an injunction^ restraining the
Board of Supervisors from issuing a per
mit to the Yosemite Club to hold a box
ing contest this month was filed by the
attorneys for M. H. Smith, president of
the National Club, yesterday. An amend
ed complaint was also filed. In which It is
alleged that the action of the Supervisors
In granting a permit to but -one club in
one month Is an attempted determination
of the conflicting rights of persons.
National Club Appeals.
William Dempsey : withdrew- his plea of
not guilty; In Judge Dunne's court yester
day, to three charges of burglary and
pleaded guilty. He will be sentenced Sat
urday. ..On January .4; he broke Into the
store of J.' A. Thompson, 114 Mission
street, and broke into the store of James
Young, ; Beale • and Mission - streets, once
on the night of January 27 and again the
following night. - «
. John Keenan with'drew his . plea of . not
guilty on a charge of grand larceny in
Judge Cook's court yesterday and seven
prior convictions against him -were with-^
drawn. He will be sentenced Friday. He
stole two hydraulic jacks,; valued at $25),
from the E. B. & A. L. Stone Company,
on February 14, which he sold to a Junk
dealer. • ¦ ¦
One Charged; With Grand Larceny,
Vf. the Other With Three Charges
: ; , of Burglary.
DEFENDANTS; WITHDRAW , "
¦¦'•-'• PLEAS OF . NOT GUILTY
•Richard M. . Russell, hotel and saloon
keeper of Madeline, Lassen County, also
filed a petition. He owes $2405 25 and has
no assets. ' ' f , .
S. D. Woods, a farmer. of Wheatland.
Yuba County, also filed- a petition. He
owes $28,002 17 and has no assets. His
heaviest creditors are the Farmers' Bank
of Wheatland. $15,000; Mrs.. Whitney of
Wheatland, - $3175, : and • Kate A. Wood ,of
San -Francisco, $8000. ¦
The firm of Biggs & McCormick,.butch
ers,. South San Francisco, and Donald M.
Biggs and Martin J. McCormick, . as in
dividuals, filed petitions in Insolvency yes
terday In the United States District Court.
The firm's liabilities amount to $5233 5»
and the assets $412 50. Biggs* Individual
liabilities are $1000 and he has no assets.
McCormick has no liabilities . and has
$7380 assets. -
Petitions in Insolvency.
..Milian claims San Francisco as . his
birthplace,; and says his father lives at
23 Randall. street and is a cook. He has
shifty, eyes- and in j appearance: is a typi
cal? criminal.. Despite the ev'iuence- that
has ; accumulated ; against* him: he main
tains ; his Mnnoce'nce of, the- crime with
•v/hlchhe.is charged. Buchanan is a much
better, appearing man. He also denies any
connection with the assault, but, the indi
; cations J are J that he will | finally , confess
when he realizes how. strong the proof is
against him. : His hope is 'that Mclntyre
may fall to, identify .him.
'A . Typical Criminal.
self and saddle it' all onto.me," he said.
The girl 1 quickly • resented* this imputa
tion, but * before she ¦•¦. had -time to : reply
she was led awayv and blocked up in the
matron's ward. ;No charge was placed
against her.-and she will probably be held
only as. a. witness. She stated that she
spent Sunaay night In, Oakland and yes
terday, concluded to end her existence by
jumping in the bay. Better judgment pre
vailed, and when she returned to the city
she went again -to the Brunswick House.'
.There < she was told that Milian and Bu
chanan had .been -arrested, and. that she
had better skip out. . Her desire to see
Milian led her to the Hall of Justice, and
once. there she told her story to the first
man she met. This happened to be
Barney Flood, the bond clerk, and he had
her detained, until' Captain- Seymour ar
rived ' arid took, her full statement.
- Milian and Buchanan were booked on
the charge of burglary : and , attempted
murder. \ The ! three other suspects, now
held in connection with the crime, will be
released 'this morning. ; Mclntyre is re
ported; to be improving steadily at St.
Mary's Hospital and, as soon as his con
dition will allow, Buchanan will be taken
before him for identification. •
;' Besides 'the confession . of the daughter,
Mrs. Isel -' and . her daughter. Miss Boerer
who live next to the Mclntyre house, have
identified Milian -as one of the men they
saw climbing over the fence after the as
sault was' committed. C Joseph M. Hayes,
who claims' that. Mllian'made a proposi
tion to him to rob Mclntyre, made a state
ment to Captain Seymour yesterday after
noon to that effect. Milian says that
Hayes is' an enemy of .his, and that the
statement Is the result of spitework.
CHTXmOFOBM PBOSTBATES t'.-f
. ABCHIE HUTCHLWSON'
"Myname is Kate Mclntyre. a daughter
of James Mclntyre. residing at 961 Bryant
street. On Thursday morning. March £7,;;
Joseph Milian left the Brunswick House, .;
at Sixth and Howard streets. -telling, me j
that he was going to meet- Charles .Bu
channan. with whom he had arranged* the
night previous to rob James Mclntyre,
my father, at $61 Bryant street. I was
acquainted with the plan and consented to
it. I believed that Milian intended . to
marry me. ' and all that prevented him j
from doing it was the lack of money. • I
had discussed the proposed j qobbery with
Milian. and told him that my father kept
money in an iron box and that there was:
over $400 there. . , .. . • !
"About an hour and. a half after Millian
left Buchannan came to my room at the
Brunswick House, and shortly afterward
was Joined by Milian. Milian told me'
that they had been to my father's house
and succeeded, in getting. in, but 'did not
get any money. He said' they hadibeen
obliged to strike the old man. several
times, but he was not hurt much. As
Plan the Bobbery.
channan secured from her the Information
that the old man kept a large sum of
money In his house.and they concluded to
rob him. When the detectives were first
put on the case they learned that a -waiter
named Joseph Milian had been living with
the Mclntyre girl at the Brunswick House
at Sixth and - Howard streets for, some
months past, and they took him into cus
tody on suspicion: Later- they ascertained
that he had a partner named. Buchannan,
who answered • the description ¦ of ! the
larger of the two assailants, and-.bdth of
these.were in custody when the old man's
daughter broke down and ' told of = their
connection with the crime. Her account
of the facts as she stated it last night is
as follows* ""
The girl readily identified - both men.
AVhen Milian was asked if he knew the
girl. he answered, airily: "Well! I ought to.
I- have been engaged : .to her twice."
Buchanan -said he knew, the girl: by sight
only. Later he admitted knowing her
personally, but denied any knowledge -of
the crime attributed tohim. - : ¦ -'
woman pleaded first with her con
sort and then 'with both men to tell the
truth, assuring them that U would- be. bet
ter in the end. She declared over -'and
over again to Milian that -she loved' him
better than life, and that if he- was pun
ished she would share his fate. -He cau
tioned her to keep quiet, and finally be
came provoked at her pleading wittr him
to confess. . . ,<.•*.¦.
"You are trying to get out of this your-
Captain- Seymour, took the • girl to the
prison and had -Buchanan ''and . 'Milian
brought out' for inspection. The arch-con
spirator in the crime came out. buttoning
his collar and cvadedas long as hecould
the.- glances of his • former consort.- ; He
was-nervous. but. when finally -forced to
face. his accuser he exhibted a. wonderful
amount of nerve.
they were. coming down Eighth street, he
said, they heard the ambulance coming.
Buchannan was present : during this re
cital, but left the room shortly afterward,
saying he .was going to 109. Taylor.- street:
"Milian showed me a' pistol a couple , of
days before the assault on my father and
told me he had received it! from .Buchan
nan. He had this pisUL on the night of
March; 26.. for I saw it at that time, it
was..a large, heavy pistol. On. the Sat
urday, following 1 asked Buchannan what
had become of the pistol and he told'me
he had returned it to the man he had bor
rowed'it from. I do" not -remember the
name he gave. If any. This conversation
-occurred in Buchannan's room opposite
mine.' ¦• ¦ •. £_, ••;,..
V '^ -Men Admit Description.
- '.'On the morning of ; the assault, 'during
the .conversation; In. my "room; .both tnen
admitted . their participation,' In the crime.
'Buchanan said he. was sorry it had turned
out as it' had. 'and both cautioned me not
to say,'anything ; about It. Milian advised'
me -to : look for employment and left me.
That • is the, last . time I < saw him until L
was ' confronted with him . in the City
Prison to-night."
'•'¦--...¦ ¦ ' .' ¦ r -'.-¦. .- • - - „ ¦ ,•¦' ,
DAUGHTER OF JAMES McINTTRE, WHO ADMITS! TO THE POLICE .THAT SHE WAS At. IN"
INSTIGATING THE MURDEROUS ASSAULT ON HER FATHER, AT HIS HOME ON BRYANT' STREET,- LAST -
THURSDAY NIGHT, IN ORDER TO GET HIS MONEY. ~ • ' V. • V= i '
K. Murul, ' a Japanese, employed . at
260}£ Brannan street, was shot at the cor
iner of Jackson and Dupont . streets, Ia3t
evening. The bullet that struck the un
fortunate 'Japanese and sent | him to the
hospital was intended to end the earthly
career of some highbinder, on. whose head
a price had been set. Who did the shoot-
Ing 1 is yet a matter of conjecture, but
Detectives^ McMahon and Gibson, who
were detailed on the case, expect. to land
the Mongolian . gunman . behind the bars
before very long. Two shots were fired,
one o'f the bullets striking Murui In the
right hip. ~ , , '
At the Central Emergency Hospital, to
which the injured Japanese was taken,
he made a statement to the effect that
he was walking down Jackson street when
the -shooting occurred. . He said he heard
one shot, and turning, saw a Chinese
with a gun leveled at another ' Chinaman,
who was standing near him. " A second
shot followed and Murul felt a sharp pain
and fell to the sidewalk. The shooter was
attired | in " American clothes and wore a
sweater. He made his escape through a
building on Dupont street, . between Jack
son and, Pacific. ¦ . •¦
Another' story is. that the shots were
fired by. another Japanese. Some Chinese
spectators say .that a Japanese dropped a
small bag, which was picked up by Alurui.
The latter, 'it I was said, started to run
away and the owner of the property fired
the shots at him. This story is discredited
by the police. ; ¦• * : ¦
Highbinder Misses^ His
" Man and Hits Japan- :
ese in Hip. :
STRAY BULLET
WINGS MURUI
and Santa Ana.
The Board of Bask Commissioners is
sued licenses yesterday for. the establish
ment of the Santa Ana Savings Bank and
the Security State Bank of San Jose. Cal.
The Santa Ana,, bank has an authorized
capital of $25.0O>,'wh!ch Is fully subscribed,*
50 per cent ofwhich has already been paid
up. '- M. M. Crookshank has been elected
president of the new Institution, D. H,
Thomas treasurer and C. S. Crookshank
secretary and cashier. The bank will J
open for business on April 2.
The San Jose bank 13 a commercial and
savings bank. Its authorized capital ia
5100,000, which is fully subscribed. Busi
ness operations will commence on April 3.
The following officers have been elected
by the stockholders: President, TV.' S.
Richards; vice president. Henry Booksin;
secretary and cashier, E.T. Sterling; di
rectors—A. C. . Darby, Henry Booksin,
Henry Curtner, S. Kirk. T. Kirk, A. H.
Marten, W,. S. Richards. F. M. Stern. E.
T.. Sterling, Frank Stock and C M. Wooa
ter. "¦-'¦„• ¦-¦¦-• , - , .
Commissioners Authorize Establish
ment of Institutions at San Jose
LICENSES ARE GIVEN
TO NEW SAVINGS BANKS
' ¦•' When . the Archbishops - of America se
lect a coadjutor they. will work in perfect
liarmony with Archbishop ' Riordan, and
hisselection will undoubtedly be the man
whom the Archbishops' nominate. • It will
take .several months before, the appoint
ment is made/ as matters of this kind
.after .being carefully weighed in this
country,; are also thoroughly considered
in'Rome. • • , i,i
'The : pastors of this diocese will <not
nominate the coadjutor, but when :the
matter does come before the Archbi3hopa
they, and they alone, will determine who
will- be; chosen -to assist his Grace Arch
bishop Riordan. '
Will Work in Harmony.
It Is rumored, however, that the ap
pointee must be a comparatively young
man.- Bishop Montgomery is already well
on In years and is in fact almost as old as
his Grace Archbishop .Riordan. It is con
ceded, however," that should Bishop Mont
gomery be appointed from the Holy See
of • Rome there would < be no more pop
ular movement In the Catholic church on
the Pacific Coast. v
The most prominent prelate for the of
fice locally is the Right Rev. Montgom
ery, Bishop of 'the Diocese , of Monterey.
Should the selection have been left to the
local council of iremovable rectors, Bishop
Montgomery surely would have secured
the office. He has made a splendid record
in Southern California during' his many
years of service as a Bishop and he is
certainly'the popular choice. *>.
The coadjutor, who will be Archbishop
Riordan's successor, will be a Bishop and
he will upon the retirement of Archbishop
Riordan succeed him as Archbishop of
San. Francisco. When • <he coadjutor is
appointed he will be selected by the Arch
bishops of this country and his name will
be sent to Rome, for indorsement. Who
this Bishop will be is a subject that is
causing muoh discussion in ecclesiastical
circles. The nominee, in any event; will
be a Bishop of the Catholic church and
not . a cleric who holds no higher rank"
than that of assistant pastor.
Will Send Name to Rome.
That the Archbishop, intends (applying
for a coadjutor to 'assist him Is- a 'fact.
The Call many months ago made the an
nouncement that his Grace was seriouslv
contemplating the. step. Since that time,
however, Archbishop Riordan's health
has steadily improved and he temporarily
let the subject pass from his mind. In the
last month or so the noted prelate has
been unusually " hard worked and at a
meeting of the local pastors of San Fran
cisco he casually brought the matter up.
He stated that he was growing older and
that as Catholicism spread in his diocese
he felt the need of a coadjutor.', - l "
While his Grace is in Washington he will
meet a number of the Archbishops, but it
Is most improbable that the prelates will
at this time make nominations 'for a
coadjutor. "\.-.;'.V~r ' • "
His Grace Archbishop Riordan, accom-
I panied by; the Rev. Father E. . P. Demp
sey, leaves; to-day for Washington on the
overland limited. ' Now that the an
nouncement of his departure for the East
is made, many will conclude that his mis
sion East is for the purpose of consulting
with J the other American Archbishops in
reference to the selection of a.' coadjutor
to assist him in his labors. Such is not
the case, however. He goes to Washing
ton , : in ' reference to the Pope Pius fund,
upon which he has. worked compiling
¦figures for several months. . • .
Most Rev. William P. Riordan Leaves
To-Day for "Washington, Ac— ; ;.
companied by. Father
, " Dampsey.
His' Grace Qeorge Montgom
ery Is Popular Choice for -
Appointment
r American Prelates to
• Make - Nominatioji
; for Place. :.
BISHOPS
FILL OFFICE
OF COADJUTOR
PISTOL BULLET
THROUGH LUNG
H. W. White Drops Re
volver With Serious
- Result.
Friends Misinform Public
Not Wishing to Alarm
Parents. ;
DISHEVELED, tear-stained "and ¦
almost hysterical, Kitty Mclntyre
sought the Hall of Justice last
evening and to the 'first man she
¦ met she, told of a conspiracy into
which she. had entered to rob her father. . •
Remorse was not the prompting cause of
her confession, but an overwhelming de
sire to see her consort, Joseph Milian,
who was locked up in the jail accused of
complicity in the crime.
James Mclntyre. a man over 70 years of \
age, was struck down in the kitchen of his
house at 961 Bryant street last Thursday
morning by two murderous thugs. One at
these engaged him in conversation while
the other struck him oh the head .with a
heavy pistol. The purpose of the assault
was robbery, but the criminals did not se- .
cure any booty. ¦
According to the daughter's story- her
consort and a man named " Charles Bu-
II. W. White, manager of the American
Chicle Company of 27 Main street, was
accidentally shot and seriously injured
last Saturday afternoon while cleaning a
revolver, prior to taking a hunting and
fishing trip on Sunday.
It was given out by those at his home,
1736 Golden Gate avenue, that Mr. White
had' Jung trouble. When it became known
that he had been shot, the affair took. on
a mysterious aspect, inasmuch as it had
been so completely hushod.' '¦; ¦£• 'Vc_i
ilrs.- White explained yesterday how her
husband was shot and why false. hews of
his illness had been given out. She- said:
"Last Saturday Mr. White, myself and
Mr. Hooker, the secretary of the company
my husband is in, decided to take a hunt
• ing aod fishing trip. Mr. White was
placing a heavy revolver, which he had
jest cleaned, in a holster which' he had
on; when he accidentally dropped it, the
weapon going off. The bullet struck him
just beneath \he left nipple, penetrating
the left lung. The reason we gave out
that he had lung trouble was that we
Old not. want to unduly alarm his father
and mother, whom we/ telegraphed at
Cleveland, Ohio, to come here at once,
as their son had been seriously Injured.
We expect them here Wednesday, hence
we wished to keep things quiet until their
arrival. Had we said that he was shot
it would ha\'e undoubtedly caused them a
great shock."
Dr. M. White of 611 Baker street, who
is attending the wounded man, says the
patient is on the road to recovery and
that unless serious complications ensue
he will soon be around again. ; •
H. W. White is a son of W. J. White, a
millionaire chewing gum manufacturer
of Cleveland. Ohio, and manages; the San
Francisco branch of the, firm " for his
father. ¦"• \ - . ....
MORRISEY DENIES THAT
CIRCUTT IS INCREASED
Says Humor That Orpheum.- People
Will Show at Seattle I3 -
"$&£& False.
Manager John Morrisey of the Orpheum
Theater denied last night that there. was
any truth in the rumor that the Orpheum
circuit had been increased t»y the addi
tion of a Seattle theater. Mr. Morrisey
said his attention had been called to' the
claims of J. P. Howe, manager of a
theater in Seattle, that he had, > "after
many weeks of effort, succeeded In be
coming a part of the Orpheum circuit," by
a friend who resided in the north, who
sent him clippings taken from a Seattle
» paper, in which it was announced that on
alternating weeks people on the Orpheum
circuit would appear in Seattle.
Mr. Morrisey said: "There is absolutely
no truth in the rumor or in the-clippings
I have received. The only theaters con
nected with the Orpheum circuit are the
theaters in San Francisco, Los Angeles
Kansts City. Omaha, New Orleans, St'
j-ouis, Cincinnati and Indianapolis. We
did rent the 'cycle whirls to the manager
of a Portland theater and through him to
a Seattle theater. That Is the only con
nection the theaters in the north have
xvith the Orpheum circuit." •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 1, 1901:.
Kitty Mclntyre; Unable ;to Resist Desi^
>Goes to the Hall of Justice and Tells Details of the
. Assault Made by Him and^M^0^t0i^^0m.
DAUGHTER OF AGED MAN CONFESSES
SHE KNEW OF THE PLOT TO ROB HIM
12
ADVERTISEMENTS,
Adams' Sarsaparilla ' Fills.
* Bprlng medicine to purify the blood. Consti-
pation. Biliousness, Sick Headaches; 10c, 25c. •
DR. BALL'S iiEINYIGORATORP^^
Stops all Iossps in 24 hours. Fivp
lmndrcd reward for sny case we jxta uBfi
car.net cure. This secret rem- 1 *• - flg
••dy cure* KmiEPionf. Impotency, fe£3 Es23
Varicocele, Gonorrhoea, Gleet, jStI Win
ftriciurc-^. Drains, Lost Man- JtiJ LJoU
hood tind »ill ether vastlng ef- sg|_B5^
frets of sslf -abuse or ' excesseE. ta&SZS&S
Sent sealed, K bottle; 3 bottles, $5; guaranteed
to cure any case. Call or address orders
HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE, SM Broad-
way. Oakland, Cal. Also for sale at 1073 >*
M*j*et «U 6. F. Send for free book.
UNITED STATES i LAUNDRY : 4SSTtir:
¦ ; Office 1OO4 Market Street.
Telephone— South 4-2O.
Oakland Office— 54- San Pablo Av«/
Weekly CalIi$l;o6perTear v
and If his; linen 'Is as comfortable as the
maker. Intended It. he's at ease wherever
placed. Our laundry methods bring out
all Uie comfort that's in a shirt and en-
case>hls wrists and neck with a soothing
comfort ",in cuffs and collars unapproach-
able rSy fany other . means than burs. *
'•¦.No saw edges. ¦
. ¦ '-¦ '-Y- . ; ; :' NOTICE— When wlEhinE
».A«aft«» -to consult .**"O . f .^. t -n. x ..
• J^SKB^E ' look for a
-'StQgSfta^" CKOV/JVvOn evpry window
¦;igT* s r™7*3r<5 i ' (Mayerle ' s 'Trade Mark)
' %S*?££ l Z!&$? i l ' I^^^T ¦ upon 4 seeing
- ; - .' ... ':¦' ' To avoid • mistakes. • look fcr
the full. name Gr'EQ'PS^'K ?" * ' v tJ !tt T T 'and
the ; CROWN : on ,> every f'wlndow ; also ;¦' ths
;A; I WARNING; :TO iTHE 't PUBLIC;
rliinMa G , e £ rire >' Mayerls., the German Expert
neit dSfr v ? "V h « ch> has^Juet: opened iofflce
next , door to • his . long-established . optical bus"
CLOTHES DO MAKETHE MAN
AXD TAKE. NO OTHER KIND.
1 Twenty-Five Cents a Bottle.
FOR OVER SIXTY YEARS
AN OLD. AND WELL-TRIED REMEDY.
MRS. WJNSLOW'J eOOTHING SYRUP
has been used fcr over SIXTY YEARS by
MILLIONS of MOTHERS for their CHILDREN'
WHILE TEETHING. WITH PERFECT SUC-
CESS. IT SOOTHES the CHILD, SOFTENS
the GUMS. ALLAYS all VAIN; CURES WIND
<X)LIC, and is the best remedy for DIAR-
RHOEA. Sold by Druesiats In every part of
the world. Be Fure.and aek for
MRS. T7TNSL-0WS SOOTHING SYEUP,
The Common Sense Medical Adviser,
1008 pages, is given away. Send 21 ons-
cent stamps, the expense of mailing only,
for the book in paper covere, or 31 stamps
ior the volume bound in cloth. Address
Dr. R. V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.
Weak and sick women are jinvited to
consult Dr. Pierce by letter free. Ad-
dress Dr. R. V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.
Is only one of many distressing symp-
toms which point to the presence o£
womanly diseases: If women thoroughly
understood the relation of the local wom-
anly health to the general health; they
would understand that
backache, headache,
nervousness, sideache,
dizziness, faintness and
similar feminine ail-
ments, cannot be cured
until the womanly
health is established!
Dr. Pierce's Favorite
Prescription cures dis-
eases peculiar to wom-
en. It establishes reg-
ularity, dries the drains
which .weaken women,
heals inflammation and
nlceration, and cures
female weakness. In
curing these local dis-
eases, it cures the ail-
ments which they
cause; backache, head-
ache, sideache, dizzi-
ness, faintness, nerv-
ousness, and other ills
peculiarly feminine. .
« X wrote you for advice
February <th, 1806," writes
Mrs. Loma Haistead. of
Claremore, Cherokee Nat.,
Ind. Ter. "I was rackinjj with pain from the
back of my head down to my heels. Had hemor-
rhage for weeks at a time, and was unable to sit
tip lor ten minutes at a time. You answered my
letter, advised me to use vour valuable medicines,
viz., I>r. Tierce's FavoriCe Prescription. J Golden
Medical Discovery,' and • Pleasant Pellets.' also
gxve advice about injections, baths and diet. To
my surprise, in four mouths from the time I be-
gan yoar treatment I was a well woman and
have not had the backache since, and npyr I put
ia sixteen hours a day at hard work."
A Great Strain.
_ ICo one disputes the fact that we are
living in a "rapid" age; it Is rush, rush,
rush, from morning until night, and com-
petition is sojfierce that the struggle does
not cease until the machine Is worn out.
.Women, too, even when surrounded by
every comfort, 'become infected by the
common spirit, and what with their- clubs
and many social duties, have no time to
•give thought, to their physical well-being,
until they are suddenly brought to a
sharp realization of the j fact . that noth-
ing m their lives-is so Important as at-
tention to^ correct,, or rational living. It
may surprise the readers to learn that
women are more prone to piles than men.
and in most cases, because it is difficult
to impress upon them the- importance of
regular movements of the bowels; Irreguyr"*
larity .means straining at^ stool, ari-y.;
straining means piles, with the^ certainty %;
(under the usual methods of treatment)
that the sufferer will "have them alway3
with her;", by "usual methods" Is meant
the application, of salves and: lotions, or
(as a last resort) a surgical operation. If
there Is a complaint which entails more
distress and suffering upon those afflicted
than plies or hemorrhoids, it Is not
known to the writer; fortunately, how-
ever, these are learning that there is a
remedy that effectually cures all . forms
of piles; It is known as the Pyramid Pile-
Cure, is In suppository form, fs applied
directly to the parts, and does its work
quickly and painlessly; it is. sold by drug-
gists for. fifty cents a package, or will be-
mailed by the makers to any address,
upon receipt of price. Mrs. John H. Cas-
tona, 2912 Arch street. Chicago, says: *"I*
must -write you that I was cured of a -
very aggravating case of itching and
bleeding , piles by the use - of the great
remedy. Pyramid Pile i Cure, even after
several physicians had claimed there was
no cure except -.by an operation- I am
well now, and owe all to this valuable
remedy. I cannot say enough for it."
"Write the Pyramid Drug Co., Marshall.
Mich., for their little book on the cause
and cure of piles.
THE STRENUOUS LIFE
DB. PIEECE'S EEMEDIES.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
FIVE DOLLAR v
ELECTRIC BELT
V^l^^i^^CfT^J^S^tf Same as others .
$20. Guaranteed
i ¦"¦¦<r2s •¦'.'•'¦"' • genuine. Power- :
¦ 3U ag ru^ - current. Latest ... lm»"
. provements. ' ''¦¦ It •"",- cures'
. . -'it without ». medicine. ** Not -
Bold by agents or druggists.* No discounts
Free by mall on receipt of price. ' Circulars
free. Ask for the ,'.'Dr. . Alden r. Electric
Belt." or address the , PIERCE '
ELECTRIC CO.. i ZOQ Post. : St.; -i 8. ', F. : -{
3^ ¦¦ — ii *»^^fc SSk " 14 — TBKcKH
Superior to Aplol, Tansy, Pennyroyal or SteeL
Sure Relief of Pain and Irregulari-
ties Peculiar to the Sex. "
Apicllno Capeales for three months cost $1.
Prnggist or P. O. Box 2081, TSe* York.
•All- heavy, brass trimmings-^two
extra' trays, double . strapped— an ex-
cellent .value at ,?9i5O, reduced ' for a
few days to
$7.OO.
- ; ,We also put on sale a cheaper trunk;
but a good value for the moneyl ~Reg-
ular price $3.50— reduced to
1 2SLEIllsJSt. AboyePowen
**^i ¦ 00 * 0^ ¦ * * I (Pi I ¦': /w ¦ jtr*—-*} -'- -
' • ¦ " "^T ¦ I * SSS w 1^*^^ "' ' ** '*'''
DIRT CLEARANCE.
¦; |#?*tJT is a gopd plan for every bather to know
r^ii^ something of the soap he uses. There is .a
well-founded objection to using a floor-clean-
1^ ing soap upon the human body. Ivory Soap
: is the , bather's soap/* It costs more than common
soaps, but the difference is in the ingredients and
making. Why not treat yourself with a little respect.
Is not the human skin with its marvellous delicacy
entitled to pure soap? Ivory Soap— *it floats.
* * . * eo^vanHT ttit wt t*« raocTiii a tAMttc eo. cihcmhati
$®&4W " WOMEN.
ywftmffisa & " The greatest: $3.'5o_ value ever of- ft^»
Tfi^PM vsQSEgm CTe<^ on this, coast. 'Equal, to- most v^f
V ' $5-oo shoes . soldi almost .stores.) r'lyj^^,'; ;
GOOD WEAR-Or7a NEW PAIR. ; >) ,'ji /j\ V I
100 STYLES TO.' CHOOSE FROM.' = '/ v . .'.' L\ \'\ ,'H ! ilJjyi''-' B
Walk-Over;Shoe;St<[)refe^^ ; I
924-926, Market.^,:; F.'F.\ Wright', ft Softs; Proprietors. : ':,. : '*¦ % i