SAN FRAXCISCQ, ¦ THURSDAY?: 27; 1902^
i , PJRICE FIVE CENTS.
UNEXPECTED DEATH
OF A WELL=KNOWN
GRAIN MERCHANT
¦ ¦¦-. - ¦ . '. - -¦ - •- /-¦; ; .-
THE LATE PREMIER OF CAPE
COLONY AND" FINANCIER OF
SOUTH AFRICA.
Continued on Page Two.
Starts ; f or^Copenhageh.
V LONDON. March ) 28.— Queen i Alexandra
' started ? to-day : for? Copenhagen • to : attend
; the [celebfatlon'on; April 8' of !' ? the" birthday
.pf'lhPT^fathen King. ChristJari'IXfof; Den:
niarkivW.ho was borri April 8; 1818. !
z WASHINGTON, March \ 2&-4The House
.Committee on ; Elections No. 2 has decided
,the .contested' election case of John J.
ll^eritz against -Emtrietf Tornpkins for ; the
Columbus : (Ohio) district in Congress'iri
favor, "of Tompklns. The" report will be
made next "week..' The contest "was" made
on .the ground of .'Irregularity at
, the "polls. -
Tqmpkiris .Wins the Seat.
BERLIN, J\Iarch ' 28.— In ' to-day's . Issue
of ; the Reichsanzeiger the Ministers of
.War "'"and 'Agriculture publish an offer for
first, second: . and -third prites /of 10.0CO
mal'ks.S 5000 ; marks and 250 marks respec
tively fcr.the best alcohol "motors for "mili
tafy use" !The"sc motors 'must be made in
Gcrniariy. They are "to weigh less, than
V'ghtVtons'an'd-must-be'capable of draw-"
ing sixteen : tons on good reads. ..The motor,
itself ; must ',be able ?to ¦¦'¦ cross •f.meadow3,'
plowed '" lands ; arid Iwa'ter eighteen : inches
deep.>The .tirea: may; 'be.* t,w.enty.; inches
. wide. ; Accbrdirigfto Uhe- termsjqf the .of- 1
ifer,*;these,machines;must'be'ready;to;be
tested in; February, 1903. . .,...:
Germans VWarit'v Alcohol ; Motors.'
, WASHINGTON. March 26.— Mr. Eeau
pre. Charge d'Affa!re3 at Bogota, inform:}
the State Department, in a cablegram
dated March 22. that the Government an
nounces an Important victory, over the
revolutionists who have been threatening
the ' capital during the last few months.
Colombia Claims a Victory."
- The ; seat of the trouble is at a negro
colony. about twelve milw east of here
on Warrior River. The negroes have or
ganized and armed . themselves and aro
prepared" to make a stubborn resistance.
BIRMINGHAM. Ala., March 35.—' A spe
cial to the, Age Herald from Jasper, Ala.,
says Information has just been received of
a race -riot -.twelve miles east of Jasper
late thI.-», afternoon. One hundred and
fifty shots are reported to have be^n ex
changed. The casualties cannot b« ascer
tained at this hour. ; A farmer named
Murray came in about 7 o'clcqk for. am
munition ,afyl has returned. S'l^rifT
Moore has asked Governor Jolkg tn call
out the .local militia ' company and ths
men are now getting ready to respond -to
th« call which is momentarily expected.
¦'The trouble has 'been brewing for some
time and is the outsrr37.-th of bitter racial
feeling:, -which war, further accentuated
by white -men. whipping' two negroes on
the charge" of stealing. ¦" Up to 11 o'c4t>ck
to-night nothing further had been heard
from the seat of trouble in the eastern
part of the county. Sh?rln* Moore* has re
ceived a telegram from Governpr Jelka
authorizing him to call out the local mili
tia whenever he thinks It necessary* Cap
tain Bankhead had also been Instructed
by, the Governor to respond to the ' call of
the Sheriff.
Riot in Progress in Ala
. bama.
Fanner ; Tells of a Fierce Rase
BRINGS IN THE NEWS
AND BUYS MORE POWDER
Once his day's work at the offices of the
British Chartered' South Africa" Company
was over, he shut himself. up from the
curious in an unfrequented London hotel,
where he utterly denied himself to all ex
cept a half-dozen favored intimates. Dr.
Jameson was his constant companion. In
deed, none of Dr. Jameson's indiscretions
ever affected the warm friendship exist
ing between the two men. .They could be
seen In the park in the morning together,
riding on horseback, never 'breaking out
of * a walk, the cynosure^ of ' % all eyes.
JAMESON HIS COMPANION.
The death of Rhodes came as no great
surprise to those'few'who saw ; anythlng
of him during, his last, visit to Ixindon
during the winter. Whether.lt was due to
his experiences durjng the long siege of j
Kimberley or the accumulated anxletlea
rV- gartflng the war. In South Africa, with,
an accompanying 'change of public feeling
in England' toward him. there is no doubt
he: was- almost; completely ..broken- down j
.within. the last two years. _.Even;hls ap
pearance'changed; His once finely chis
eled face had become^ bloated, and his al
ways huge frame., filled out until he be
came so stout as: to make walking a mat
ter of difficulty.' 'He was further attacked
with severe heart troubles,' during, which
he maintained the stoicism which marked
his extraordinary career. Nor did "he al
low h!s bodily aliments to interfere with
business. Among his associates in the city
he never mentioned them, nor did he per
mit them to be mentioned to, him. Up* to
the last Rhodes" kept a firm grip on all
those vast South African interests created
and controlled by him. Except that he was
more irritable and more dictatorial, there
was no outward change In his method of
handling men, business and empires.
People of Cape Town.
LONDON, March 2".— A dispatch , from
Capft'Town in this morning's Daily Ex
press says that X>r., Jameson Is authority
for the staternent that Cecil Rhodes left
Groteschuur, his residence near Cape
Town, to the people of that city, as well
as large sums of rnoney to charities.
Ehodes Also Leaves His Residence to
LAEGE GIFTS TO CHAB-ITIES.
EFFECT : ON ; HISTORY.
. . In; estimating the'eareer of Cecil Rhodes
and. Its effect on the history oftheBrlt-
Ish> empire, newspaper, editors ' are largely
influenced .by, i their political . views.* But
/Financially, Rhodes* death is not likely
to have any very far-reaching results, as
all * his enterprises -were systematized ¦ so
thoroughly \as riot to need the master
minrl which was. so necessary to their in
ception. . . • ': % .-;'--v'
/Owing/to.the very great success of the
De Beers "Mines," the British Chartered
South Africa Company and the other
great South African ventures, Rhodes'
fortune had -been steadily accumulating.
Hei lost money over, the war, but; wtfat
inroads that made must have been trif
ling compared with the many millions he
possessed. -He never lost his open-handed
but somewhat, reckless methods > of
handling money.' Not long ago he walked
into ¦ the. office of one of his confidential
subordinates and threw down a bundle
of. notes, bonds, etc., saying "Invest these
forme," 'and went out without waiting
.to have them looked at. Inspection re
vealed the fact that they amounted to
more than a million pounds sterling. How
they ,were Unvested; Rhodes r never knew,
or cared, for' months/ later, as that night
he.went off on^one of his wandering, tours
arid , refused to allow himself to be both
ered : with the details, of the. investment
of his millions until he returned to Eng-'
land. ' - , ;
yet severely unobservant of- the hundreds
of ' London's political and social leaders,
who had the rjght to a bowing acquaint
anceship. More especially did Rhodes
shun the.present Government, leaders. He*
N bitterly expressed his contempt of British
army mothods in South Africa, and prob
ably neverquite forgavo Cbambcrlaifi-ahd
Lord vMIlnerf for not consulting him or en
deavoring: to utilize the powerful finan
cial-political machine which Rhodes Un
doubtedly manipulated over the whole of
South Africa. With increasing irascibility,
which he did/not hesitate to vent on Duke
or plebeian' who crossed his path, he grew
more and moro restless as the end of his
life drew near. He. was never contented
to stay long in one place. His closing
days developed into an unceasing, pur
poseless quest of change of scene. Dur
ing his recent trip to Egypt this was par
ticularly noticeable. He rushed from
place to place, as if with the only object
of. upsetting his own plans. Then he sud
denly returned to England.-' . :
: BECKLESS IN" INVESTMENT.
The news cf his death spread through
Cape Town between 7 and 8 o'clock this
evening and caused profound grief- All
places of amusement were Immediately
closed. An open-air concert was stopped,
and the audience uncovered while the
band played the "Dead March." The peo
ple ' then silently dispersed.
were entirely abandoned with the re
newed attack at noon to-day.
L,apt Sunday he lost all interest In ev
erything, and since then he had dozed
the hours away.' His rally from the cr!
rls of Tuesday loft but the- faintest
hooca lot his ultimate recovery. i These
Since Rhodes took to his bed, three
weeks ago, his friends had been most
anxious that' he should recover s:i(Il
clently to b** /aken back to England; The
cottage wheft lie died was a simple s?a
side cabin, email and close to the rail-,
road. It was ill fitted to be a sick cham
ber, ¦ although the utmost was done to
Improve the ventilation and make it
more comfortable. Dr. Stevenson slept
l.»y his patient every night that he might
be in readiness to administer oxygen,
v.-hich practically kept Rhodes alive.
determined where he^n-ill be*" buried. It
•was the wish of Rhodes to.be interred at
Matoppo Hill, Rhodesia; Certain of his
friends will proceed to Matoppo Hill to
determine whether it Is practicable to
carry out this wish.
The features of the dead man are placid
and a death mask of them will be taken.
FUNXHAL .TO BE PUBLIC.
The Government has decided to give
Ccr'A Rhodes a public funeral Ills re
mains will be brought here from Grootes
chur for the burial service, which will
be held In the Cathedral. The body
will th<»n be taken back to Grooteschur,
and eventually will be interred at Ma
toppo Hills.
The body will b<? taken to Groetschuur,
the residence of the .deceased, neiir Capo
Town, on a special train to-riiorrow.
There it will probably lie in state for a
day or two and the public will be admitted
to view the remains. It has not yet been
Rhodes' last words wore_ the, names of
his brother and some of the others pres
ent, which were meant to be good-bys.
The only person who attended him durins
his fllness ajid who was not present at
deathbed was Dr. Strvenson.. All the
others, his "boys" and,personal servants,
were admitted at tho last.
cleath was two successive attacks of -heart
failure. At his bedside, were Dr. Jame
son; Dr. J. W. Smart, the Commissioner
of Public Works; Colonel Elmhurst
Hhodep. director of signaling of the
South African field force, and Mr. Wal
ton, a member of the Assembly of Port
Elizabeth.
strength perceptibly dimin
ished. He was conscious until 5:55 p. m.;
when he muttered a few words and sank
quickly. The immediate cause of his
¦< .-
w,y APE TOWN*. March 26.— Cecil
Jg * Rhodes died peacefully at 5:57
S p. m. He. Flcpt during the
\X. • fff/ afternoon, but his breathing
4jfc5^ became more difficult and his
Former Premier of Cape Colony Passes Away at Cape Town.
Burial in Rhodesia His Last Request.
;. NEW' |> YORK.'- March' -26.— Alfred G.
Moseley,.C.,M. G., arrived -from England
to-day ; ' on the Oceanic- -He has ¦ visited
this cpuntry before and was^so impressed
by the -American plan of, education and
, labor / that returnin g j to England he
organized^ two commissions <if twenty-five
I men -.each'Tto come to the" United States J
.for :the (-purpose of studying conditions in '
both these" lines. These commissions will
; artive • early . next /fall - and • Moseley has
'come to prepare the programme for them.
Hp- bears letters "from i his " Government J
"nnfV-Embassador "Choate to many proml- I
rient^men in the United States who arc)
at\the'head of ' educational and labor
affairs. The commissions Twill consist of
members of Parliament .and' rnen from
the London and provincial schools. The
.labor. commission will; look especially Into
the j American \way of ; handling ; strikes'.
1 Frederick^ Mansel, who Is. said to be-
Enprlancl's/ greatest judge, of" prize dogs, j
.aiso.carne on'the. steamship. :' He is -going '
to the rrieettof the-New England < Kennel j
Club, -where he will judge, and'afterwarU !
¦visit- -Portland I' Or. ;> ' ¦ X.; . .
Men to Interest Tliemselyes in
:,'; \ : Labor - and f Education, f
Commissions Composed of . v Promin3nt
ERITONS': WILL STUDY >.'-^^ i
. V SOME ¦ ¦ AMERICAN" { S YSTEilS
i; He was at one time president of the Bo-
herniaVi ClubCand.was a prominent 'figure
' at ¦ the-. entertainments . given '. by the or
.gani25ation.:;-Hlspapcrs on subjects of in
terest' to.' Bohemia .were full . of ; wisdom
y and ,wif and possessed considerable' liter
.ary merit. He was also'a memberof the
¦Merchants'/'Exchange,', Produce Exchange
and'. Saii- Francisco '.Oil "Exchange. 'At the
time of-hiw-aeath;he'.was a. member. of the
boards - of: directory of all 1 these ; institu
tions. -'Gcrberding -did' riot belons to any
:fraternal .society. He- was 'a* lifelong Re
publican and took an part in
thepoiltic.s.of .this State. lie, . wa's : ap
pointed '•¦. Bank- Comnilssionpr" 1 • by former
Governor ; Markharn , and . served as such
with >. entire /satisfaction. lie ..leaves sur
yivlng^i-an.,-.ased-^moiher. »¦• "widow, • two
daughters, brothers and sisters. .The body
will arrive In, this to-day. . £; -V;
:BOHEMIA'S PRESIDENT.
; Gerberdir.g was a son of [C. ' O. Gerber
ding,; founder, of; the San Francisco Bul
.letln. He was a b'rother-in.-law of United
•States. Senator: Thomas. R. Bard, the lat
ter having married'his sister.'
;. The deceased; was born In this city Jan
uary; 29,1851. He received his early educa
tion In .'the public schools and was later
sent* to'. Germany to complete his studies.
Upon returning home he embarked in the
grain' business with William Baehr of this
city- and ¦ T. W.. Macfarlarie. -of. Honolulu.
Through close attention: to the. enterprise
he soon built up a lucrative business. The
flrm-^ccame; one of the best: known on
V 'Change," .flftd; Gerbcrding; was ' recog
nized as' an energetic merchant. ."
j CALL' : BUREAU,"' 1 1C6 , G . STREET, • N."
W.; : : .WASHINGTON, ; March,;. 26.'— Paul
Dana of. -New York may .succeed George
von L. , Meyer; as-,"Embassador to ! ;ltaly."
President Roosevelt has a high regard for.
Dana and it I was stated to-night ; that if
Dana desires the' Italian ¦ Embassy^ he ' will
probably. get: it.' - •' .' . ; -' /¦¦ VV ¦. 1 >;;. -.«
Meyer hasnot.yet resigned his ;post, but
the President "Understands : ,t na .t : "©uT^ 11 !
riot long " remain;; in R°, m . p - -
Storer, Minister ; to Spain, ¦ is -.understood
to have 1 ' been "considered-.-^n- connection
with the Rome appointment. ". Storer,
however,' ' Is ¦ a -^ Roman " Catholic", and* it
has' been". urged that' the Govern
ment might object' to him' because *6fJ hia
religion: ; The relailons between the Quiri
ri'alrand the ..Vatican are such' that-; the
King- of Italy "would hardly- welcome *a
Catholic diplomat. ¦ :
Probability -That Paul; Dana; of New
York' Will Be iGivien -the .-:- •
"'¦'. . ."'-- : '¦¦" Post/-, ; '¦ ¦ ,'¦¦_."¦¦
JOURNALIST / MAY HAVE : . ;. ; - '
; ; :THEj ITALIAN" EMBASSY
A sad feature of Jyferberdihg's' death was
the fact, that he,'had' written. to his 1 family!
here stating that he was ¦ rapidly- recover-^
ing his health,- and,.. the letter- bearing";
these glad tidings was supplemented by|
the telegram announcing his death. Heart;
failure is ascribed as the .cause. of; death.;
Albert Gerbcrdlng, at one time president
of the Bohemian Club, passed away in
Santa* Barbara at an early hour^ yester
day morning; lie v,-asstayin£j at the.;resi
der.ee-of Sherman Stow, where ho had
gone to recuperate • after a, long siege of,
illness. 1 Tho news of his "death was a ter
rible blow to His family and will.be re
ceived with sincere regret by : a' host of
friends. He was extremely . popular in
business and social circles. ' " ; ' ' "; . . ' •
Gerberding went do Santa Barbara ,twoi
weeks; ago for the-bencfit, of his. health. i
He stayed 'for a few days with .the -Stow
family and then;wcnt to Hot Springs.'
Ho then returned to. Santa Barbara; in; ap
parently; good health and was enjoying his
stay when death closed his visit. Gerber
dlng complained ¦¦¦ Tuesday' of ¦ feeling; un
well,' arid • as s ; he -gradually "grew -worse a
dihysician wasf'called to attend', him.', ;De^
(spite the' efforts ;of. the physician -the pa-!
tient grew weaker . and early yesterday;
morning died: His ; wife was present at
his bedside when death came." -. . " •;
SUCCUMBS' Tp. HEART • FAILURE
>w-A HERE "is . Sorrow in' Bohemia."
. ...™_. , .Tha.Owl.bows its. headjn. grief
(Si and the members of the ck
ff '¦ elusive club moiirn the* loss of
¦••^*-. ¦• one- of -their"- foremost; mem-'
* bers.- ' "• '; •' ¦;' -.-.;:. . ; .
Albert Gerber ding Succumbs to a Sudden
Attack of Heart Failure
-PROMINENT GRAIN - MERCHANT AND FORMER:.. PRESIDENT OP
; . THE BOHEMIAN CLUB, WHO PASSED AWAY SUDDENLY AT AN
. : EARLY,^HpURfYESTER^A^^T; SANTA- BARBARA. ... ... , '. :; . \
Members of the committee have no da
slre to shut out further information from
the Secretary,- but they have Informed
him that if he Insists upon reopening the
discussion the committee will feel in duty
bound to grant hearings from the heads
of the Ni various staff departments affected
by the proposed legislation. • Should ac
tion be forced at this time it would prob
abiy result unfavorably to" the Secretary
cf .War. Senators and Representatives
pfe.wcll aware that a bitter personal con
troversy Is now" existing, In the War De
partment, and they realize that the dia-.
cipllne of the army will not be improved
by a continuation of the fight' which must
necessarily - follow further consideration
of the pending bill. - -
.To that end he has asked for a reopen
ing of the. case and requested an oppor
tunity to" again appear before the com
mittee,-with a view to forcing definite
action.,
OTHERS MAY BE CALLED.
It is said upon reliable . authority that
a majority of the committee are opposed
to action upon the bill at the present ses
sion:-.. The me asure -was- "originally *««ned
by'br ..with; the sanction of Secretary
Root and at . h}s . request .was introduced
Jn "the. Senate, by Senator; Hawjey, chair
man of the committee.' After it was pub
lished it provoked so much criticism that
the original draft was destroyed and Sec
retary-Root was given an opportunity 'to
reconstruct his bill. The statement - of
Lieutenant General Miles did great dam
age to the bill.. Secretary Root, however.
Is not satisfied to have his pet measure
bound, gagged and placed in solitary con
finement by the Senate Committee on
Military Affairs and leave the latest state
merits of General Miles before the cona
! riiittce unanswered.
Secretary Root has declared his intui
tion" to renew the fight 1 to rescue his staff
bill to Increase the efficiency of the army,
which Is new pending .before the -Senate
Committee on Military Affairs. Notwith
standing the Miles Incident in connection
with this bill, and the evident Intention
cf the committee to allow the bill to lan
guish and die. Secretary Root proposes to
lead a rescuing party and force Congress
to pass favorably cr unfavorably upon
the measure which he deems of such vital
interest to the army.
WOULD HEARING.
He has requested permission to reappeur
before the committee" and reply to the
supplemental statements of Lieutenant
General Miles, in which the latter severely
criticized the Secretary of War and those
who are supposed to be In sympathy, with
Secretary' Root in remodeling the staff
department of . the army. In ,'attempting
to force action by Congress on the army
bill the Secretary evidently intends to
make Ihe contest a fight to a finish be
tween General Miles and himself.
CALL. BUREAU; 1408. G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON, March k-President
Roosevelt late thl3 afternoon received an
engrossed ccpy of Representative Burle
son's resolution asking' for all of the.cor
respondence relating to General Miles'
application to be assigned to duty in the
Philippines. The resolution was passed
in the. House without a dissenting vote.'
President Roosevelt will dispatch the
correspondence to the Speaker as soon as
Secretary Root returns from New York.
Snecial Dispatch to Th€ Call.
iAttofney.iGeneral W.' B. Strattori of
> Washington will ; remain iri Minneapolis
untjlilie^goes ;to iAVashlrigton v to 'file ' the
complaint . with the Supreme Court. * ' The
date ¦ for this har> been; set' for . Monday,
f Aprll':7.';; r ; ¦ Xr .-.'. -".-"- ¦¦/>,; : '': ¦_•'• - r .:'-;'\'- •
ST. PAUL, March; 26.-Copies'. of li'the
complaint in trie 'case v of .the State.' of
"Washington .against [the ' Northern' Securi
ties^ Company, have been , served upon .the
officers of the Great Northern and North
ern? Pacific: and mailed /East to: the offi
cers of , the securities company*.! .The com
plaint, which is drawn after" that prepared
by ; Attorney ; General ; W. B. Douglas : . of
Minnesota/'"-; contains', three ,' additional
points. ''. Two of these .are taken 1 from' the
complairit" of Attorney Gtneral kndx.".The
third point _is new and it is understood ,to
be a very, important one and based largely
upon" conditions ; favorable to tho State of
Washington.;^
After his examination ¦ had been finished
Morgan was conducted through.- several
haft/ways to Judge Wallace's ': private
chambers," whence he made his way out
of the building. All this was necessary to
get away from a number of photographers
who were waiting in one of the hallways
to take the financier's picture when he
left the examination hall. ',"
COPIES ARE /SERVED. ' '
This closed Morgan's testimony,' and tba
hearing, went over till to-morrow, when
George F.^ Baker will be called."
Morgan said it was never contemplated
that the holders of Northern Facific pre
ferred could change that stock for com
mon stock. The -retirement of the pre
ferred stock as early as possible was
part of the reorganization plan of 1SD<5.
The retirement, however, was not prac
ticable until after, common stock sold at
par or above. The preferred stockholders,
the witness thought, would have changed
their shares, for common stock if . they
had had. the opportunity. , .'
There was a friendly cross-examination
of Morgan by Francis: Lyndc Stetson. To
him the witness said the retirement of the
Northern .Pacific preferred stock was not
part of the plan which culminated, in the
formation of the Northern Securities
Company, nor was, It part, of a plan to
allow- the Northern Securities Company
to obtain the majority of Northern Pa
cific common. t Morgan denied that there
was any understanding or agreement in
the organization of the Northern Securl-
Ups Company looking to the control of
rates or traffic, or any agreement that
would in any manner obstruct or contem
plated the obstruction of commerce. Ho
said;that all parties to tho agreement
had acted Independently. "
INDEPENDENT ACTION.
At another point. the witness was asked
if Hill had not told- him that' there: was
danger that .; the r Harriman -syndicate !
woyld! buy , the ; Burlington. > V • v.\ „ . •• ¦" '¦;
' "No," 'replied he^Vbut^BUcha-thingJwas.
'jan\yp4a"T;%$>* ejal.cted. The^paperB^hSid/^
-muchTln '-them about''- railroad interests'
buying roads. I believe that withinHhlr-^l
ty; days .we bought every railroad in; the
United Slates," and Morgan laughed.
-', Morgan. testified that he. wanted. to put
his Northern Pacific stock' in a company
that was so large that Tnobody could/ buy
It. ".'¦ If it -was deposited in a small '; com
pany It flight be -bought.- He saw Hard
man.on his return. from. Europe, but they
did not talk about Union Pacific nor about
Northern Pacific!
• The witness* said .JV P.. Morgan. & Co.
hold between 12O.b(K) and 13O,0OOVhares of
Northern Securities stock at the present
time. • ¦ •
MORGAN IS AMUSED.
. "No," said Morgan, so amused that he
had to stop' to -control 'himself 'before he
answered. "It did when they came to de
liver the stock but riot when they actually
bought.""- ; f- : '^'V,~ '• ."-."- ¦'. •'? ¦ £»
: During the examination Morgan leaned
back heavily In his chair, ..his left hand
thrust from time, to time, deeply in his
trousers pocket. - ; He toyed with an en
velope, now and i then, striking it against
his : knee. His t eyes impatience.
They roamed • about \ in excited; .restless
ness, v/hile the 'questions were being put
to him,' but the he was ready to
answer, they' fixed themselves on Lamb.
Several times (during? the "hearing the
financier seemed amused. Once Lamb ask
ed :¦ if . the price \' of : Northern '" Pacific did
not go above. its real value while hl3 firm
was buying it in May, J901. ., .
Before the hearing was opened Morgan ;
objected to the : presence, of. a "number of
photographers and 'they .were directed to
leave- the. room//'.,- *i
NEW. TORK^March 26.— J. Plerpont
Morgan- gave evidence to-day before Spe
cial Examiner Mabej r ,;in.the;suit of Peter
Power against the Northern Pacific Rail
way Company. : • He t.was ."; questioned .' for
two, hours 'and a half -by } George Alfred
Lamb of. counsel for,; Power,' and during
that time he answered ';Ciues'tlons f rapidly
and .without the -slightest appearance' of
reserve. .• Only one or! twice, when ques
tions were asked concerning, the relation
ship of J. P. Morgan & Co. with the' firm's
customers, did. he decline • to i'r'.
Congressmen Oppose
Keeping Up Miles
Controversy.
Investigation as
i : a Joke.
Magnate Treats the
the Securities
Company.
Tells of Formation of
Seeks to Reopen the
Hearing on the
Staff Bill.
Secretary Root Will
Fight for Army
Measure.
INTENDS
TO LEAD
RESCUE
DEATH CLAIMS CECIL RHODES
THE MAN WHO CARVED A VAST
EMPIRE FOR GREAT BRITAIN
MORGAN
DODGES
CAMERA
Has Photographers
Kept Out During
Testimony^
VOLUME XCI.— NO. 117.
The San Francisco Call.Continued' from Page One.
CECUi'. JOHN' RHODES.
: Right': Hon. "Cecil; John ' Rhodes . was 'the
fourth -; Bon'.v of . -the •• Re\V r Francis- ! W;
Rhodes, vicar of Bishop ' Stanford,'. Hert-
Much curiosity : Is evinced as -to: the
probable disposal ; of his -, property . r and in
terests.' The .<• general !*notion 13 .that, the
bulk of . his- : property will:. be bequeathed
not to an : individual; . but , to public inter
ests in South "Africa.' and -.that. Dr. Jame
son : will be designated to ' succeed," so far
as any one can succeed, •' to -the charge 'of
his Rhodeslan Interests.-: V ; . : '}¦'_¦'. ¦ •--
• Matoppan- Hills, 1 where, Rhodes wished
to.be buried.-is the'soeneiof his historic
conference' with the Matabele chiefs.' ..
The newspapers : air devote much space
to • sketches," to. the career of; Rhodes," to
reminiscences of the man -and the: Im
pressions 'of foreign opinion- concerning
him;-^ .; : '¦.?,-; .... --r - •¦• -'.••:• : ¦-:;; '¦'•---¦; -,
the opinion is unanimous In the press here
that, in spite of the defects and the'lim
itations of his ' forceful character, few
men have more profoundly impressed the
imagination of their contemporaries or
plaved a larger, part- in the world's affairs
than Cecil' Rhodes, and that the empire
is pOoref by his death. '
With the expressions of admiration for
his great services are mingled kindly
worded regrets for the' disastrous mis
take made in the Jameson raid. . '.' / ;
The Standard says: "There was a cer
tain largeness and magnanimity even in
his fallings. . He" remains .an .impressive
and Inspiring .figure and a real lover, of
his country,- who sacrificed much to make
England great and powerful."
The Dally Mail describes Jiim- as the
successor of Lord Clive and Warren Hast
ings and says: "The. virulence with which
he was hatefl ! abroad Is the measure of
Ms service to. England." : - .
The Dally Chronicle says: "There was
nothing In the . career "of Cecil Rhodes to
support the charge that he was a vulgar
money grabber. • Therle was nothing small
about hinv^-even' his. -blunders were colos
sal." . " ¦ *. . ".; '' ' "- : • '¦ .- ¦¦ .¦.•¦¦¦
The .Dally '..News,' which' bitterly, attacks
Rhodes on account of the Jameson raid,
declaring that, not even V. Randolph
Churchill shattered :a ¦ more- brilliant 'ca
reer by. a mpre conspicuous act of folly,
also defends | him from the - charge of
money grabbing; :." r; •-'. :- i : • : : ' ; .
Thai Daily Telegraph = says:; '.'If- Cecil
Rhodes was. guilty of a great, blunder, in
1895. he paid as dearly for it as his most
bitter foe cpuld wish. ' Now that he has
passed beyond the reach of malignity; of
censure; only the : magnificent services he
rendered the empire he- loved will be \re
membered." -i.-.-^-'i, t:',yv;! :'::'•:.:
-The story of the. life and enterprises of
Cecil Rhodes after 1880, by ¦ which time
he .was already a very wealthy man,*' is a
history of , the- development, V of , British
South Africa, for not one important en
terprise' wa3 .thereafter^undertaken "ex
cept at his instigation or his showing
largely : in ¦ its . control. .. '
In 1881 ; he was - a member of the Cape
Parliament -. for ? Backly <. -West, and ; the
same year, was a member, of the ¦ dellmlta
.tlon ; commission for. fixing Hhei-Basuto
boundary line:, . On -f this occasion^ he mot
General j Gordon and, .the .two became
, warm •- friends. .-. In 1882 Rhodes : •. was ap
polcted, Treasurer >' General V of Athe Gape,
and-be?an to ; open; out his schemes for
expa nsjon to . the north ; one of which was'
the Cape -to .Cairo ; railroad.' line'. s In i 1SS3
he obtained concessions ;of large territory
from Chief Mankoroane , of Bechuana- .
-From early, in. his stay at Kimberley
Rhodes mind became thoroughly Imbued
with the Idea "of 'making Africa from the
cape; to the Zambesi River "all English."
This Idea of expansion of English empire,
with its congenital brother, the expansion
of his ; own wealth, \ i dominated- hia
thoughts and; actions" throughout the rest
of his life./ As he worked in the mlneshe
meditated and matured, plans for the ab
sorption, •;. which: were later in i- effectual
consummation when the Boer ; war broke
out.",, He once said: "I saw that. expansion
was everything and : that , the earth's sur
face ¦» being limited , the great ? • object of
present humanity should be. to take 'as
much of; the: world. as it possibly could."
Rhodes was 'certainly true j to | the British
IrEtinct; :^and, tradition 'and.: -openly
avowed 'it. t; . .;•.-- ¦...'..'¦.- . : .: .-..-. - ; ¦-, -¦¦,::
• Between 1876 and 18Sl<he made several
visits. to England and, completing his resi
dential terms- at Oxford, received ; his ! B.
A, and M." A. degrees: in the latter year.
He was. also, able to spend a short, time
In the inner temple as a law student, and
later received his'degree of D. C. L.from
Oxford. : .
He returned to England In 1S72 and en
tered Oriel . College, Oxford, but i after a
short stay, on account of trouble with
his lungs, went out again to South Africa
and settled with his brother at Kimberley.
The, diamond mines had been ¦ recently
opened there, and both brqthers,. securing
desirable claims, soon' amassed a large
fortune. Herbert Rhodes, preferring
travel and hunting to the work of mining,
left his interests in the hands of . his
ycunger brother, .Cecil, who In no great
while became a very rich man. : ; i
The delicate state of his health when .a
boy led to his golng'in 1871 to : South
Africa to join his elder brother, Herbert,
hi Natal. - • . ¦ .
fordshlre, England, and was born July 7,
lf>53. It v/as at first intended that he
should enter the ministry of the church
of England, but later events directed Ma
life and energies into other fields.' ; -
Child Drowned at 1 : Crockett.
CROCKETTi- March 26.^-BenJamin Dry
er, the. 5-year--ol'd ; 8Qnv-6f Mr. and: Mrs.
Otto^Dryerj of VCrockett," while -.pJaying
with a companion at^ th^ floafat.the east
endrbf Epplnger & Co.'s dock^ell into th*«
bay?anidtwas< drowned at hodnito-day" The
bodj',has not.been recovered. . . -
'Qiiayv Speaks for .Powderly.
r-^ASH^GTON.JvMarch 26.— Senator
QAiajnw/i.B. 'at the; White House again to
day- to see: the President in behalf of Pow
;derly; : t tHe' Comnirssiorier of Immigration,
.whom- the Pennsylvania Senators and
. Representative Connell of the same State.
;in whose .district Powderly has his legal
] residence, want retained in his present of
¦fice : To-morrow Connell' has an appoint
ment with the In • connection
with the same matter." •¦ '.•'"¦ .' •:-.
DEATH CLAIMS CECIL RHODES, WHO CARVED AN EMPIRE FOR BRITAIN
"Your 'attention for a' few moments,
gentlemen," saidthe auctioneer as sweet
ly as the interlocutor of a minstrel show,.
"I have a limited and choice assortment
; . .. , day. He was not posing,, but
was there j in . the capacity of ' an auc
tioneer. He had ships to sell, and he sold
them to the highest bidders. Friedlander's
tongue, moved' like, j a- pendulum, and ho
never . tripped up -at any. , stage of the
game. He extracted • bids of $1000 with
greater skill than a dentist pulling teeth.
He used no gas/ but the bidders never
felt the.pain of parting with their shekels.
In dulcet tones he- Informed , the; assem
bled merchants that he was there for a'
purpose. When he 'mounted: his pedestal
he did so "without fear, as 'he" was pro
tected from vlconoclasts ;by Policeman
Thomas VPinkerton'V Walsh.. '¦ ;
MOUNTED, on. a pedestal, T.
Carey. Friedlander : occupied a
position of prominence'. in the
Merchants' . Exchange yester-
When the last bid had been noted Auc
tioneer Frledlander bowed gracefully to
the assembled merchants and said, "I am
very much . obliged to you, gentlemen.'
This ends to-day's performance." After
dismissing the members % the auctioneer
descended from his pedestal and was
showered with congratulations for: the
able- manner in which, he handled .tho
ships.. . ' ... . ¦ . ""¦ -^ ¦ .
recommendatlon the merchants could not
yell their bids fast enough. After spirit
ed bidding Pope & Talbot secured the ship
for $50.<% ¦ - , . . ' .
Auctioneer Frledlander next offered the
bark Himalaya. He managed to get $18,
000 for it before he split the table :,with
his gavel. Aschen & Mund were the pur
chasers. The next vessel offered was the
Jennie Stella. ' She is a trim schoon
er, and Frledlander dwelt at length upon
her charms. He described her shape and
the costliness of her attire. He said she
was young and fair to look upon. A gen
tleman named Danforth," who is no rela
tive: of "Cupid". Danforth, became smit
ten- and. secured the Jennie Stella for
?1S,OOO.-'. -.¦'¦•¦-. .. .; /
t: The total of the Russian loan is 393.00J,
.000 marks? which covers Russia's portion
of .the' Chinese indemnity. Of this amount
•3Q0J500.000-"martos' : is now offered for sub
-scrIptioti.'in;"Germany, Holland and Rus
;'?f'Russiari' Loan Prospectus Issued.
•BERLI>?;' March ' 26.— The prospectus of
"the ne"w 4 per cent Russian loan of aOO.OODi
000 marks, has been issued. It Is free from
-taxation.*' Subscriptions are receivable
April'13. The issue price is S7V6 per cent.
¦ .-: .'. • :¦:¦' -.-. •> ' . '.' ¦ •; . ¦ '. : • ¦ . --; ' : .i.ii^ - ' • ¦ ..
CALL CARTOONIST'S IMPRESSIONS OF .SOME ., OF. THE;;FAMILIAR
;;; FACES THAT WERE SEEN AT .THE, AUCTION SALE HELD AT THE
MERCHANTS" EXCHANGE YESTERDAY AFTERNOON.' ¦
- . j. - ¦ r ' . ...-¦¦'. -. - - - - - ** . - - ... . » .
to-night appointed George Buck.-of,'6tock-
ton as Judge cf the Superior. Court, filling
the vacancy caused by the deajh' of. Judge
Joseph H. Budd. The appointerisMhe son
of -the late T. B. Buck; -a, piOR«er 'mer
chant--and ex-Mayor, of Stocktons Judge
Buck la. a graduate -of .Harvard and was
a law partner of the late W..-L.. Dudley,
and stands high as a lawyer-' and ta.' citi
zen. ,' -.; ; . .-. • '' ».-'•-¦¦*. . -. •
Appointed by Governor Gage to 'the
Superior Bench of San Joaquin-, ':
¦¦rfe! County. . ¦ ' V :' - r^ • -^ ¦;• :¦¦ * ?
STOCKTON. March 26.— Governor Gage
GEORGE BtTCK SUCCEEDS' ..',.;-¦..};
¦' THE LATE JJTfDG'd '$ 'BtTDD
TACOMA. March -25.— Arrivals ¦- from
Upper Yukon points bring an interesting
story of how the few people who live
at the summit of White Pass have made
the best, of their, dreary. „ surro^ndin^a,
duriiiSf'tne long' winter. TtreT&tef enter
prise: of this little international commu
nity "vas the erection on the boundary
line cf an immense piece of snow statu
ary to a height of twenty-four feet. "It.
can hardly be called a snow man, since
the Americans insisted that their Bide
ehouldt be carved to represent Miss Co
lumbia, while the* subjects of King Ed
ward '.fashioned the side of the heroic
statue facing the British dominions to
represent John Bull. !
The statue is the joint creation of every-
body.in the community. Much labor -^and"
care was expended in -its makeup, Asfth.*'
statue was reared and fasbionefl* the snosv
was sprinkled with water. Jtn^Ithus vif-
tually- an ice creation and vi- will? stand
guard on the intemational f 1iouhdari'-untll
the warm chinooks melt it' .awayj:j, : "- "-;••'
One Side Represents Miss Columbia
•¦ and the Other. -Is" Fashioried-.-V. ">
'¦'"¦ After : John BulL "
ICE STATtTE ADOBNS .;, . "
'.'^ V : • WHITE. -PASS\ SUMMIT'
Anot&piC
: ANGERS CAMP. March 26.— While. John'
Pessegoh and a man named Joy were, at
wo.rkiat^.the -^bottom of the shaft of -the
AiiselV quattz . mine, .700 feet deep;'this-
afternoon -.a skip came down loaded with'
timbers. The Jar caused two sets of tim
.bers-at the bottom of the' shaft, to starti
catching Pessegon under them. On top
of the Umbers fell many tons' of rock atnd
dirt;- crushing out Pessegon's life;. »• .•;.-,,.
' : Pessegonr was about thirty years of age
and a native of Italy. He had worked "at
.the Utica mine here- for ten ypars. but on
Monday he dreamed that he had been
caught in a cave and was so impressed by
the.drjea,m that he resigned. He then went
t43±fe!5Ailsels mine and began work yes
itcllS has i?S5s_fe23X-, : not, been recovered.
•vhZqp*^ -wBo-was-^ with-Pessegon, " was "iinla
jurtJEitS'-c. st
MISINTERPRETS A DREAM
AND MEETS AWFUL DEATH
Workman ; Quits One Mine Through
i . Fear and Loses His Life in ..•,'.,;.
Hitt of Illinois, chairman of the For
eign Affairs Committee, replied briefly to
Burleson. - Everything Burleson had pro
duced, he said, had been presented before.
As far as the charge of "evasion" on the
part .of the Secretary of. State was con
cerned, he said that the Secretary's let
ter completely disposed of that. He had
done all he could and was now In con
sultation-with-Governor Yates, . through
whose instrumentality the Boer fund had
been raised, and no doubt a way would
be found to get , the relief funds to the
Boers. • The epithets and vituperation, of
the gentleman, he said, he would' not re
ply to, but he called attention to the fact
that ¦ tne American Government had of
fered mediation and would do so again
If It' were . acceptable.
.OTTAWA, Ont., March 26.— The rumors
which have been in circulation here for
the last few days ' in regard to the possi
bility of. another Canadian, contingent go
ing to South Africa, have crystallized into
the statement ¦ that , the imperial authori
ties-have asked, for. a mounted force of
2000 men. It is said tne matter was be
fore the Cabinet yesterday, but strict reti
cence Is observed as to the action, if any,
which was decided upon. From what can
be -learned, the imperial Government has
suggested that ' the ' force should be
equipped and transported at its own ex
pense. The application doubtless will be
acceded to, and should this prove to be
correct Canada's contribution of troops
will be brought up to a total of 7000 men.
In concluding Burleson predicted that
in less than one year there would be
another interchange of notes between the
President and a member of his Cabinet
and thd "little pro-British Secretary of
State, the little authorof 'Little Breeches.'
would follow the other Cabinet officers of
a, former President into private life." '
Attack Made on Hay.
ST.. LOUIS, March 26.— C. 'F. Taylor,
chief ..of the .. Department of Agriculture
and acting chief, of the department of hor
ticulture, of the World's Fair, and A. M.
Reeves, secretary of the joint committee
on legislation and State and Territorial
exhibits, left to-night on a Western tour
of exploitation to last about three weeks.
They will meet .the Governors of New
Mexico, 1 Nevada, California, Oregon,
Washington, Idaho, Utah and Wyo
ming, as well -as.-' the members of the
business organizations of the - capitals of
those States; also the leading citizens or
several other cities, Including San Fran
cisco, Portland and Tacoma. ' , ¦-¦
17 to Secretary Hay by John O. Knight,
acting for the Boer Relief Committee,
again calling attention to his request of
March 11, to which Burleson said no re
ply had been received. Furthermore, he
said, the newspapers had announced that
Secretary Hay did . not purpose to make
further reply to the House resolution.
In the course of. hl^ remarks Burleson
paid a high.trlbute. to the-flghtipg Boers
and expressed the -hope that' they would
keep up 'the struggle / for liberty until
every British 1 - soldier was driven fronv
South Africa. He contrasted "the mag
nanimous^ treatment of General Methuen
by the Boers with the horrible execution
of General Scheepers by the English."
World's Fair Managers Coming.
"Mount Redoubt is situated on the
southeast side of Cook Inlet, near Illlamna
Bay. It has been smoking for many years
at intervals, but there has never before in
the history of the whites been a serious
eruption. A few miles "from Redoubt is
Mount llliamna, also an active volcano.
an&:dn '-.an island near by is Mount Cher
nabura. another volcano. The. latter had
a violent eruption 'about thirty years ago,
when apportion "of 'the island' sank from
sight, anji many new islands were formed.
The- waters In this neighborhood'were.en
tirely changed and the Russian charts
had to be remade. , . .
"j*be 'entire section shows ! that there
have "been eruptions for centuries. Several
mountains, from one to three thousand
feet high, are one mass of burnt rock and
lava, while the entire country between
llliamna and Redoubt, twenty-flve miles
square, is composed of lava, ashes and
fossils : of. various kinds. In this section
then? is every indication -of. coal oil and
several thousand acres have been staked
and oil company has been at work put
ting.in-'a plant, and sinking.' wells -for the
pa^t two years. ' ':' ¦---.' '-'¦'"'' ' •
ttThe^new' town 'of llliamna and two or
three. Indian villages arejn the vicinity of
the Redoubt, volcano,, but it : ,will '.not be
known if any damage was done to them
until the return of tbe_sleamer Excelsior
to Valdes." - . . . .» . .
"Word .was received at Valdes on March
12 that Redoubtj one of the volcanoes at
Cook Inlet,. had an. eruption on January
IS, and the country for 150 miles around'
was 1 covered with ashes and J lava. The '
news comes from Sunrise, but nothing
definite has t»een ascertained as to
whether any damage was done, for no
boats have as yet been in the neighbor
hood of the volcano, y
"On the date of the eruption the sky
was - darkened, and at Sunrise the snow
•was covered bo thickly with sand and
asiies"that it. was -.Impossible to do any,
sledding until . a fresh fall of snow. At
Hope, twelve miles distant, the ashes
were half an inch, thick, and at Knik,
on 'the opposite side of the inlet, they
were.stm deeper. These towns are about
150 .' nail es. northeast of the volcano, so the
terrible . force of the eruption can be iru
atfrted.. ,.
SEATTLE, March;! 26.— Confirmation of
The Call's account of ' the volcanic erup
tion on Cook Inlet. Alaska, is contained
in the following dispatch from Valdes:
Eistuxbance Hay Be the Foreruni
of an Upheaval Similar to That
" • of Thirty Years. •
t ;¦ Ago. :
,'••-, Epecial Dispatch -to The CalL
WASHINGTON, March 26.-Mgr.Sba
retti, who has been chosen Archbishop of-
Manila, to succeed Archbishop Nozaleda,
who retires voluntarily to Rome, called
on Secretary Root to-day. The Secretary
was about to take a train for New York,
eo he was obliged merely to greet his vis-;
itor and refer him to Colonel Edwards,
chief of the insular bureau, until hejSec
retary Root, returned to Washington-to
morrow. Mgr. Sbaretti is on his way, to
Manila from Rome. ' ' .' - ¦ • - ¦>
It is understood that the appointment
cf Mgr. Sbaretti is made by- the Pope In 1
recognition of the excellent services of
that" prelate in Cuba, where he succeeded
In a task which up to that time 'others
had failed to accomplish and secured a
complete divorce of state from church,
to the entire satisfaction of both parties.
He is to undertake a similar work in the
Philippines and he wishes to talk to the
officials here • before proceeding to his
post. : •' ¦ ¦ '-' ' '¦' ' -v ¦¦¦'¦
Naturally' the vexed question of the
acquisition of the friars' lands by the
Philippine Government will be among the
very, first .to engage the energies of , Mgr.
Sbarretti. " But there • is some indication
that Archbishops Ireland v and O'Gorman
already have taken some part In the ne
gotiations on this subject, and it is ; not
certain that Mgr. - Sbarretti will relieve
them entirely, of -that -task.- -. . .- . ¦¦ •¦ .-
I Tb.e Navy Department has given Rear
Admiral Frank- Wildes/ the ranking ad
miral in the service,, authority to take
ruch. steps as may.be necessary to pre
vent the spread of the cholera epidemic
which prevails at Manila to the officers
and men of the naval establishment at
Cavite. As far as can be learned here,
the epidemic is confined to the natives
and Chinese in Manila and does • not pre
vail among the whites.
Noriel; has been one of the; recognized' ,
leaders of the insurrection since 18S9. lie ,
was captured on his way to the coast
while endeavoring to escape. . He admits
that- the insurrection, as such,, is .over,
and says that the-few remaining- leaders
are 'fleeing, as they do not . command
enough men to warrant surrenders com
mensurate with their rank. • • ..
MANILA, March 26.— Noriel. tlie only
insurgent general with the exception of
•Malver still In the - field, has been cap
tured by Lieutenant Frank E. Bambord
of the Twenty-eighth Infantry. ¦ A-major.
| a captain, a lieutenant and five men. who
1 were acting as a bodyguard to Noriel,
were captured with him. They have all
been held as prisoners of war. There is
some reason to believe that one membei.
of this Bodyguaid Is General ; Malyer in
disguise. Lieutenant Bamfdrd is certain
that If this general is not one of the cap
tured party he is in the immediate neigh
borhood of the scene of Nortel's capture.
Mr. Rhodes next brought the De Beers
Company, into the British .; South '.Africa
Company, ' and secured large .interests In
the African •¦¦ Lake " Company,', .which . gave '.
him. a ; free.handin the matter. of,< expan
sion north of the Zambesi. .He then-, se
cured a royal. charter granting large pow
ers over all the territory.-lying between^
Capo I Colony I and the ' Congo ' Free j State,
some -350,000 square miles 'in. extent.' ¦¦ Cecil
Rhodes was made chairman and manag
ing director of the company. . v .,...<.
. In 1890 Rhodes was made' Premier , of.
Cape Colony,'- and in .lS95,.was; made, a
member, of the Privy Council of- Great
Britain. ".Early, in : the S following year,
however, he- resigned .his Premiership as
well as his position of chairman of the
Chartered Company,. _ on. account 1 of } his
alleged' complicity in ",the- Jameson, raid
on the Transvaal. . He admitted, his,con
nection .with the reform movement and
the. agitation among the British residents
at ¦¦•" Johannesburg, as. well as -knowledge
of and assistance in- the. plans .of the rev
olutionists; but denied. • authorizing; ..Dr.
Jameson's actual movement. His.appear
ance in England at the ¦ time ' was gener
ally, a signal, for an; ovation, ':
¦ After the Jameson raid Rhodes occupied
himself as before in.politics and the work
of the Chartered: Company ,' which includ
ed plans for the early pushing to comple
tion of the Cape to Cairo Railroad., With
this view he paid ¦ a visit to Iiord Kitch
ener in 1S99 to confer ;aa to the section of
road through the: Soudan.".*- ¦• '¦ * , ¦¦•- ¦
Cecil Rhodes was charged by the'Boers
with having been j mainly Instrumental In
bringing . on the present • war, and as the
Investment of ; Kimberley in' November
1899,; found;hlm= there.- much fear was en
tertained for his safety, In case of his cap
ture by the burghers.. v After. the relief of
Kimberley r Rhodes 'paid: a visit' to Eriir
land. 1 ! but spent most '. of his ¦ time at Kim
berley and Cape , Town. •: -. .- . ¦< ¦¦,-. ¦;-,
.land, and, the Cape Government refusing
to take it over, he. applied to the home.
Government, and in. 1884. succeeded In hay
ing an imperial protectorate established
over the territory, of which he was made
Deputy Commissioner. Later he. made
other gains of smaller native territories
for the British. r<;
• To limit the supply of diamonds from
the numerous companies operating about
Kimberley Rhodes about this. time effected,
the union of all the important ones: into;
a single corporation "known -as . the, ;De
Beera Consolidated Mines. This concern
controls the output, sale and- price- of all
diamonds produced in South Africa.
In 18% the rich gold: mines of the, Trans
vaal were, discovered 'and. Rhodes formed
"for their control' the. company Iknown aa
the GoldHelds of South Africa: S This ; con
cern also wielded dictatorial power and
reaped fabulous profits from .the exploita
tion of the rich deposits of the
Transvaal. Rhodes' . next, move, r in
1889, 1 * was ' to organize and -. 8 secure
a charter for the British South Africa
Company, to which was '.'•: given by,- the 1
Crown the administration, and control "of
all the vast territory- between the Ger
man holdings Ion 'the west, Bechuanaland
and the Transvaal on the south. Portu
guese East Africa on. the east and the
Zambesi River on the north, an empire
four times as large: as England *- itself.
This ¦ territory, with another far greater
reaching north of the -Zambesi to ' the
Congo Free ! State and German East Af
rica was called Rhodesia, in honor of Ce-.
ell Rhodes. ; . ... ¦ • ... - - . ; ¦,
This occupation and development meant
wars- of subjugation with the Matabele'
and other tribes, the building of post
roads, the. extension of the Cape ; Town
and Kimberley Railroad 1 to Bulawayot and
Fort Salisbury, the building up of several
• towns, and numerous other .things, which
were all accomplished in a remarkably
short time under the direct supervision of
Cecil Rhodes. . -¦'..•..:. , ... -..,'.
WASHINGTON. March-26.— During the
session of the House to-day • Representa
tive Burleson of > Texas secured, the rfloor
and reverted | to the resolution passed by
the House some time ago calling upon
the Secretary of State for information
relative to the refusal of the State De
partment-to grant 'a request preferred
some . time ago in behalf- of - the Rev. Dr.
Hiram W. Thomas and wife, who desired
to enter the Boer.- lines - In South Africa
for the purpose of 'distributing relief !-tp
non-combatants, i- -.;¦¦«• ', ¦¦' ' . • ¦ • ':•*.' ¦:
In doing so he took occasion to renew
his .criticism- of Secretary Hay 1 , who, he
Bald, had- been charged -.with being. an
"Anglo-maniac" -who -had. caused. -this
Government to further the cause of Great
Britain in South Africa.- He . contended
that Secretary, Hay's letter to. Hltt rela
tive to the application . on behalf of Dr.
Thomas was i disingenuous and i produced
certain papers and letters in support .of
his, contention. He said that it was not
a passport for Dr. Thomas which was de
sired, • but the good offices of the State
Department to secure a permit to enable
Dr. Thomas to get through the Boer lines.
Hay's letter to Hitt, he declared, was "an
evasion."- — -¦¦^- ~- ¦ ..--- '. ¦¦: ..- :
He read a second letter written March
; "My Lord: For eighteen years I have
led an abstemious life in the hope of
this day." . '. |
'.' Commenting • on -this answer Cobban,
says Lord Roberts foresaw, after the, bat
tle of; Majuba Hill, 'that the Issue- must
ultimately be fought out between Briton
and Boer.' '- '. . •>
¦ The War Office has approved, the 'new
rifles, and they will probably soon be is
sued to. the whole British army. The new
arm is fourteen ounces lighter and its
barrel, is five inches shorter, but It has
the same range as. the rifle now in use.
It has. the Mauser breech mechanism, but
an improved bolt, action. It Is provided
with ; a wind gauge and a foresight. It
will hold ten rounds of ammunition in
the magazine. . •¦ ; • ; ¦¦
I Delarey Escapes' a Cordon. . . .
| Incomplete • reports : of the - result of the
combined ' movement of British columns
against General Delarey have enabled
Lord . Kitchener to announce the capture
of over a hundred prisoners, three fliteen
pound guns, two pompoms and quanti
ties of . stock, wagons. • ete. General De
larey appears to have successfully, evadtd
Lord Kitchener's cordon at the outset.
In a dispatch dated from Pretoria at noon
yesterday Lord Kitchener says:
; At dusk on the - evening of March 23 the
combined movement against Delarey was un
dertaken by columns of mounted ! men without
guns or impediment of any sort. The colu/n_ns
started . from . Commando Drift, on the v aal
River,: and traveled, rapidly all- night, and at
dawn March 24, occupied positions along the
line from Commando Drift to tne Lichtenburs
blockhouse line. The troops moves rapidly
eastward, keeping a continuous line, with the
object of driving the enemy against the block
houses or forcing an action. The result : ha*
not yet been fully reported. Kekewich's col
umn, after the commencement of the action,
captured three flf teen-pounders, two pompoms,
nine prisoners and a-iiundred mules, carts and
Wagons. General Kitchener's column . cap
tured' eighty-nine prisoners, .forty-five carts
and wagons and' a thousand cattle. There are
a few more prisoners on the blockhouse line.
The troops covered eighty miles in twenty-four
hours. Bochfort's and Rawllnson's columns
have not yet reported their results.
Lord Kitchener in a later message says:
"All the reports are now. in. Th* total
number of prisoners is 135.".
> 'Praise for the Boers.
i LONDON, ' March 27.— At ! the conclusion
of a biography of Field Marshal - Lord
Roberts, written by James McLaren Cob
ban, which has "just been published, the
reply of Lord Roberts to Lord Lansdowne
when the ': latter requested him "to take
supreme command- against the "Boers is
given in the following words: . j
. ROME, March 26.— The . . Osservatore
Romano,\ the semi-official organ ' of the
Vatican, publishes an article to-day which
is said. to have been written by the Pope.
This article calls upon Christians through
out the world to 'pray, to God for the con
clusion of peace between the noble British
naftion and the gallant Boers. ¦
CINCINNATI, March 26.— Samuel Gom
pers, president of . the American Federa
tion of Labor, continued the . taking of
evidence to-day in his efforts to settle the
differences which resulted in the lockout
of the brewery workmen here. No re
sult, was reached.' During the day Miss
Geralda Malone of San Francisco. Miss
Ruby Payne of New York and Miss Sallie
Fisher of Salt Lake made application to
President Gompers for a union of chorus
girls. ...
• Senator Hanna isone'of the most earn
est advocates of the cause of arbitration,
and he presented . the situation from bis
viewpoint with sucn force that Morgan
was convinced that the operators should
yield a point; Morgan is in control of
some of the. coal roads, and is in a posi
tion to decide upon the course of action
to be taken without reference to any
other coal magnates. - He sees no particu
lar objection to recognizing the United
Mine Workers of America, as the union
is called, through his signing of contracts
with the individuals employed, especially
if the present wage scale can be main
tained tor another year. He does not be
lieve that the union is particularly strong
with the -miners. He will agree to terms
that he deems reasonable . and Senator
Hanna was jubilant when he left him,
being convinced that the strike would
be averted. ,• : .;:/
The' announcement was made last night
on , the ' best authority -after Senator
Hanna's conference with J. P. Morgan,
and the threatened trouble will be^ averted
mainly- through the efforts, of the two 1
men who were the chief factors' In settling
the big strike in the Presidential cam
paign of. 1900. * -
There is no likelihood of a strike, in the
anthracite district this year. The miners
have formulated their ; demands and the
operators will probably meet them half
way.
NEW YORK, March 26.— Regarding the
meeting of the coal miners' representa
tives and the conciliation committee of
the Civic Federation, the Herald will say
to-morrow: '" ¦. ;¦ ¦ ¦
No News Yet Received From
Endangered Towns Near"
the Crater.
Successful Work Done by
' "Americans i n > .'tn'% '
: " pM^nes; 'f
Rifles of New Pattern Are
to Be Furnished the
Arbitration ' Sure to Settle
the Differences in
Pennsylvania.
' 'Cook Inlet.
Awful Force of the Vol
" caiic Eruption fat?ip?;
of vessels, and will give you all a chance
to get on board." ¦ ¦ .. ' , 'r.
George "W. McNear edged to the front
and rested his back against a convenient
post While watching proceedings he kept
his hand on his money .for fear he miglu
| be "touch^l." - Jake Eppinger took a firm
er grip on his cfgar and wondered if he
. needed a ship or a ferry-boat to send
wheat to Oakland. Captain Nlebaum was
. there in the interests of the. Alaska Com
¦ mercial Company, and .intended purchas
ing -aAvessel to' carry walrus tusks to this
•; port.'t-The--Rosenfeld brothers were on
, hand-to >biiy. a ship to send coals to l^ew
1 castle, and Talbot of Pope &,Talbot was
i looking .for a Iumber's:hooner. There were
others 'there, but . they were drawn
' -through' curiosity, as it was the first: time
' in -th6> history^ of 'the MerchantsV Ex
] change .that its-secretary played the role
.'of auctioneer. •-*-''- ?
SI The: first ship 1 offered for sale was the.
> .Star.i of .France/. In describing the.vessel
j the "auctioneer .* grew . eloquent. . He said
3 astrononiers considered it the best in the
'. constellation;; that -it- had glimmered on
v the seas of the world and had never been
; eclipsed, Sand, j»,:fact. was a star, of the
.' first -i magnitude. ./, After such a strong
Big Strike.
Hanna and Morgan Will
Prevent Another
World's Christians Re
quested to Pray for
Early Peace.
Insurgent Noriel Is Cap
tured and Only Mai- \
ver Remains.
Popular Secretary of the Merchants , Exchange
Disposes of Vessels to t(ie Highest -Bidders;
.Good. Prices Paid for: Ships Anchored in Bay
WIDE AREA
IS COVERED
BY ASHES
PEACE TO RULE
AMONG MINERS
TROOPS HUNT
A LAST LEADER
POPE LED ASKS
THAT WAR END
T. CAREY FRIEDLANDER ASSUMES
THE ROLE OF AN AUCTIONEER
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, THURSDAY, MARCH 27, 1902J
2
.POSTUM': CEBEAX. *
To Cure a Cold in One ' Day
Take V Laxative < Bromo-Qulnln« :,. Tablets. . All
dniKglsta-, refund the money: if it falls to cure.
B.j.W.' Grove'* signature is. on each box. 25c. >,
1 -PI iyn
0 IL J Ivl i
¦¦' ¦¦¦• •• . : I.T Bi W .. ¦.
Colieetioit
PAINTINGS
. "... . '..¦:'., at. .
Native Sons' Hall
414;MAS0N STREET,^
Now on Exhibition,
, Day and Evening, .
Sales Evenings:
March 29 and 31/
- April 1 and 2, at 8 O'clock.
Afternoons of April 1st and 2d,
; ; : 2 O'clock.
A/ W. LOUDERBAGK,
,:.".V Auctioneer.^: -V
lfJ4S3B&&*Ml JPi^P ! ', s wn-i>oI«oiioT»
iT^tfjfjWF^^SikiJn i?, m9<i 7 n tor Gonorrhoea,
gj»e*. Spormatorrhoea,
MS&T wunti Whites, unnatural dijl
Sag 'n 1 u 5 days, m chargos, or any iaJUnjm*.
nCV -Oaanatced t» *" tion, irritation or ulc«ra-
¦JFnucot wanjioa. tion of mucous mem-
RrtrHEEvAJis ChehjcaiCo. b^'\ *^!?!f!? geat -
Vj^CINCtNHATI.O .ISWg Sol< ! T Brunfrtm,
>^raL. n a . tES?* or wnt 'n plain wrapper.
JXS&G^^'^^JBBSI £>y exprws, prepaid, for
i""', 01 * 3 bottles, (3.7X
|T m Circular seat oa request.
f^ "PAT £ N TS * 1
NlAfWET ST. Sf.
O I rP- nnil I I Corner FourtU and
PflFr HnYfl —&«- r^
uHFL nUIHL e^-aj«a
, ; ' . ' ': ' -valises cbeck*dfr«a
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THB
.Oreat-. Mexican Remedy: gives health and
ttreriEth to sexual organs. Depot. 323 Market.
Directory
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
COAL, COKE" AND PHJ IRON.
J f WIl SfiV * fft ' 8W Battery Street.
J' V.fflLaUn tt L»»» Telephone Mala 18M.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
JiS RflYFSfcCfl ' 6w PP in S Butchers. 104
JAJ- DUICJg tTJ Clay. Tel. Main im
OILS.
LUBRICATING OILS. LEONARD tt KLLI3.
418 Front «t.. S. F. Phone Main 171»-
- PRINTING.
F C HIIfiHF^ . PRINTER.
!>>• UUUI1EJ.;. bu Sanaome it.. sV W.
:¦;.-. PRINTERS. BOOKBINDERS
THE HICK3-JUDD CO..' SjWWMft
• 2i First 'street Ban FraacUc*,
Paine's Celery Compound
¦: Tie Best Mpiator
anil StreDithenfir for OM People.
Its Use Insures Freedom From
the Infirmities That Come
With Advancing /
It Bestows on the Aged a Condition of Con*-
fort, Happiness and Peao« That N» '
Other Agency Can Giva.
We should give careful attention to th9
physical welfare of the aged in our
homes. Their chief troubles are constipa-
1 tion, flatulence; drowsiness, rheumatism,
neuralgia, and indigestion. • '»
Paine's Celery Compound is the world 3
best medicine for all the besetting trou-
bles of the old. Its regulating influenco
on the liver, kidneys and bowels removes
the disorders that come to the aged.
"When you are old Paine's Celery Com-
pound stimulates the vital powers, regu-
lates digestion and promotes a health/
appetite. . It builds you up and add3 years
of comfort, happiness and peace to your
life.
Rev. Dr. "Wm. A. Smith of Groton.
Conn., one of the best known divines in,
Southern New England, sends the follow-
ing letter, that deserves careful reading:
"I am now 86 years of age. and during
my long life have suffered greatly from
dyspepsia, torpid liver, constipation and
insomnia, at times thinking I should dJa
for want of sleep. f
"By the use of several bottles of. Paine »
Celery Compound I have so far recovered
my health as to consider myself a well
man for my age. My appetite Is now
good, my sleep is refreshing, my liver,
active and bowels regular, and my
crutches not needed."
See that you get PAINE'S, the kind
that makes old people active, fresh and
young. Look for the name Paine's on
each bottle and wrapper. If you are of-
fered any. other kind you are getting a
substitute that is worthless.
c- ro M nnAir by dyeing yonr faded garments
jaYC UlOIICjr w ith . Diamond Dyes. 10 cents.
TO THE PUBLIC
_jfiiB t _ I have been wonder-
> fully cored of fits and of
MSaaSSga hip trouble by the fa-
«H5 * moua herb doctor, Won*
Him. of 115-117 Mason
W/\ ~ 1; »t., S. F. I was nearly
qb&& I dead when. I came to
i!$%— I blnx and the flta I had
4fgr» X^- -were dreadful, but I am
>ffi^^"*^ 35«6v enjoying perfect healtii
/%*2h*J_ no-w. I can tell any ona
"BSJ^WM»>^aV of the wonderful cures
he has made for me.
; I cams from Meridian. Sntter County. CaL, to
Dr. Wong Him and h» has cared ma of all my
aUmenta. MRS. CHA9. B- DOTT,.
. Meridian. Sutter County. Cai.
January 21. 1802.
SAN FRANCISCO. Oct. A. 1900.— To whonj
It may concern: This la to certify that DR.
WONG HIM of 115-117 Mason «t, San Fran-
cisco, has cured me of kidney trouble and
rheumatism. . and I am happy to make . this
statement, as I find the Doctor strictly hones:
in every sense of the, word, and: an honorable
man in all his dealings. DR. C. A. GAT.
Dentist. 902 Second ave., Seattle, Wash.
i r>«cember 15; 1900.— This to to certify that t -
was suffering for. fifteen year* {rom Brijht'ft :
disease of the kidneys and a tumor on my left
side. I tried a number of doctors and various
remedies without affording me any relief. That
six months ago I applied to Dr. Wong Him of
115-117 Mason st., San Francisco, and now
after six months of bis treatment I am entirely
cured and In perfect health. I write this in my
appreciation of Dr. Wong Him. and that other .
sufferers may be relieved, and I will be glad to
certify to this in person to any one that may
call upon me at my residence.
MRS. JOHN AL£*ANSON.
Orchard ave.:' Elmhurst. Alameda County, Cai.
4 VISIT DR. JORDAN'S GREAT #
{MUSEUM OF ANATOMY*
0 £P io52)U2xi?sT.tit.eaft7»Ji,s.r.cii. k
\ «9T 8 L«r«st Anatomical Museum in the \
9 *9»i Worl<L weaknesses or any contracted M
® flSSl 1> P ea * !l5t< > ntl »<=Co»jt. Est-j6 years. ©
1 gj^^l OB* JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN d
\ f AJSO3 Conraludon free »nd strictly priTate. \
f I «vVJI 1S utmmt Pe 1 *"" 11 ? or by letter. A «
\ ft V Vt 51 ¦ftmnw Cur* in erery case undertaken. T
¦7 T 7 ll W Write foT BooIc - '¦ILOSOPVT of A
T * a ny mauucb, maiuo vxss. (a.W
X Q (£ valuable book .for mm) - \
f JOB- JOBDAN A CO.. 1051 Afariet SL. S. F. f
1">'%'%%~i'%% »*»><!> O. «X B
B*it" t'Jfc: MZfc? Aldan Electrte
S^i . '*? ¦ a • p • nsory) is
guaranteed -^*wS> to possess all th»
curative Propertie« of the expensive belts
now sold by doctors and druggists. It gives
a very strong current of electricity and Is
•f«»y regulated. : Bound to .. supersede
others. Can be had from the undersigned
only; NO AGENTS: NO DISCOUNT. Cir-
SH**'™?' Call or. address PIERCE ELEC-
T R JC CO./208 Post St.. San FranciscoTw
1145 Broadway. New York.
PAINE'S CELERY CO2IPOUND.
j A Gpil^ Slater
-. Plenty o! Them all; About.
'*k :¦ 'l-l'v- ''4cmr\~. - - - "To my surprise. I discovered that
*"\ _¦: -. '¦ '• '':• " ' '' f** the coffee habit was fixed upon me,
f ¦*} 5 "--N : ' f> > and I looked forward to the bever-
': - 'A'T^x $; -i );.. .'.^-:- .*** * l meals M indispensable:
V ><^ZZ<^^^BBm\ pressed with the fact that my free
: ¦ ¦ ¦'•" ¦'' ' ilv3epcndGnt manhood was practl-
"'^^^W^W^^ v\. ~ * ' weaker and weaker until it waJ"so
Qf* " ' .' were always cold, except immedl-
K^Vr j/ //////& ***J5*#* \ ately after drinking: coffee; and
jfs ZZSML" Qfr \^ after the effect of the coffee wore
iV 5>er$£$>y ¦•'¦s*\' off 1 had that horrible, relaxed '
/ /#^P,- ¦ Hke-a-dishrag feeling
V made me feel like an old, de-
.'V e V i - ; crepifman at the age of 35
• ' |]| "When I awakened to jmy
\ s V «. that coffee was robbing
xl'lL 6 V **"\ ¦*^»~" j^JSmSBftk me of my strength and
ETi^^'^kVl^, ~-*>lh^Jr-* •¦ r**^* -^^' 1^"-^ v<gor.- : Postum helped
/; *" -^^y-* — r f^, mum ' Yw ¦ me quit and / built un 1
... ' * ' my nervous system, v-*
','My wife also has been wonderfully benefited by the use of Postum J Food 5
Coffee, and we have been engaged" -in .in active crusade in its behalf. ; Havei
found many people who'^ad {tur»e^ tfiownr* Postum ; solely oh. account' of not
making it property/ U is.eafty to makefif'one ,wIU use* four heaping teaspoons
to the pint of water and- allow ft to boil long «ho'ugh; r ' ; We- always -use good;
rictfeream, and sweeten the -cup to. taste. It ¦'is'* a delicious beverage. >-."' "¦-¦*
",'Fhe following persons were affected very much as I was and have recov-'
eredjtheir health by the?uSe of 'Postum- Food 'Coffee: * Dr. J. A. Schuelke 6t
the.'vnlted States army; also Mr. John Corcoran of South Omaha, with tlie
Cudahy Packing. Coc -'"'¦.' i'-^. "* t:iK\ *'iU:Z. r..*' l: -.•¦'' .'•;.- .. ,\-:
!!RatliJbMt.-&i & hea.:v^,W,.lI.,SPAyi.pj|5.G J JVO^CaesSt., Omaha, Nebr. ¦'-'.LONDON. ¦'"; March ,27,-r-The Dally .Mali
to-day : declares that-' negotiations are" en
foot : for/ tho • formation of «'• gigantic^ Iron
combination . ' In' 'Europe; the object ;of
v/blch 1b to keep , up .prices. These'nego
tiatloiis.werc Instituted by the Britif.h
lropmasteri». In view of»the American de
mand for pig iron and steel, continues. the
Dally ' Mall.' there 'are many dlfnculties , in
the- way. of ;the formation- of '; such a-com
bination and. the .latter ; has not 1 ..yet 'de
veloped. •-..•:--.•.'. ¦¦'"•¦ .-•'"¦• -¦••:;
According to , a dispatch from • Brussels
Tritish Flrins Propose a Method .' by
• Which' Prices May Be' ?.':'.
' Kepf Up! / .
CREAT.IEON COMBINE :.
IS PLANNED IN EUROPE
German Meat 1 Dialers Aro Alarmed.
BERLIN.', March 26.-Tho agricultural
dcpnrtrriontH of.the'atotos comprffllng.tlie
eniplrf! i ar,p, gathering- material throughout
tho country^ to be used In, framing a pro
test' u gainst -< the- mrnt -regulations. 1 .It io
understood here. that the, opinions nf loniu
of the nr«t chemical and medical authori
ties In, Germany. ¦¦who'- assert that borax
If taken i ln T s small , quantities : Is 1 ., harmless
to the human Hyptfm.'wlllho given prom
inence In: the United States. The sauBago
make.rs ofi:Krankfort are In a panic mor
the .probability. of reprisals, and are get
tlre up' af memorial on this subject which
wlll:be ; handed to tho I r orelgn Olflcc.
1 "Let. lilm.-Ko,"- said Mrs. >lopper, melo
dramatically; "1 think he's been punished
onouBh.'',;*' ' 1 !¦ ,
: ."I Know, hlni,".i f«al(l tho policeman, "nnd
even'lf he In thfl'pcin of one of the rlcheMt
men; In' New York. 1 I'll catch him yet."
: VWhat ilo.you mean by this Imperti
nence?" demanded ', the actress. i assuming
her "bent pose'of an, injured stage benuty.
The youth' grinned. - It was fatal levity.
She ' rained her rldlng-whlp "tiulckly and
flmotft'h'.m 'under the chin. Refore 8h«
could • r«»p« nt the' blow the stranger ha«l
wheeled; around and galloped off. but na
he , passed, tho groom the latter gave him
.two; (rood crncku of the whip.
iiNEW; TOrtK. March 26.— The Telegram
gp.ys: .While out riding in Central Park
SuridHj'.; Krlnn Wnllace-Hopper ; horse
whipped an Impertinent youth who sought
to; make her ncciualntance. Park Police
maiU.FpX 'witnessed the horsewhipping
nhd- pursued "the Intruder, but. fulled 10
tntch htm. • 'iUJUUM'
• On - a pproKchlng , the Fl f ty-nlnth-streot
exit. of-. tho riding path, .the- -young
.Etrang'er;*wrll dressed, well groomed and
good looking, pressed his horse nnd came
nbrcnBt of- the actrcHH,. raising his hat at
the* samp tlmo.
Specinl Dlw'atch to The Call.
Judge Williams for Mayor.
rOUThAND, Ore. March M.— At aenjj
cus tn-nlght of a majority of the* dele-
Bates to the Republican, city convention;
which will meet to-morrQW, It was de
h?»,1 l0 nominate' Judge George H.
UllllamH for mayor. Judge William!! Ms
<» years of age and has had a dlstln-
KUljihc-fl public rareer. ' He waselectcrl
.V?. 11 '" 1 States Senator from Oregon in
ihti ami Rerved on the commission which
fr^M l !? e tr<?at >' with England and set
int o A , lal)a nia claims. .In 1871 lie went
Into President Grant's cabinet as.Attot
nn™ii.**'. n 71 l and «" 1S74- the President
K. 1 ?'"" 1 '? him to be Chief Justice of the
tVnll,i n ,^ tnte » Supreme Court., but - the
nomination was not confirmed.
Under th<*,Spnnlsh law the court-Is al
lowed.! to ' accept .ball.;.. when, thcr-nccu^ed
has a good-record. when. there Is no reason
to Ruppose hfl wlirattempt'.to escape.Jus
tlce,\ when'..the..rrlmo with which; he .Is
charged ;-hnH, not .produced , alarm,"/ and
when.lt is not.of constant occurrence. In
the province. 1 ¦¦•¦'¦'• ¦ ,.- > • .-••¦.-.
•Counsel .for -Neejoy : will
appeal the canes. ;.¦: ¦;,--, • » •
.Hatlioonu'a' bondsman,' Senor Lopez/, a
Spanish morchant,- went-, to- court . this
ljjuriiinj; and unnouncea thtit ho was wiil
in£ io lurni-ili uonciH in any. tunouut,' out
bml was uOhOltucMy refu3cu. . . ; ?;v»"
Ai-tiiiK «j«»v«»u« bi;iiU-,b«ys tho case Is
Jn the iianua of. thn i.-ourt, and -that ho
cannot nu<;ricr« In thernuttor of . nxinj?
ball-lf'the court refuels to accept bun.' •¦
W. 1I. ( Keeves wa«: also, removed* to -jail
.to-day, lie .wu« formerly deputy auditor
of -the '.Cuban Hostonice ¦ Depart nton't, und
wa3 sentenced with Kathbonfl nnd C. P.
W. NcHoy,' to ten years'. lmpri«onrnei)t,
and to pay a .flno of 135,610 for 'nilxnp|>ro*
prlsitlon of postnl- fundn. - '
, Neither RHthbone nor lireves has 'tho
option of bull..- Thin I* b<>cjiii!«i> their"seir
tonctfs urr» ( for more " than .Hlx -y'lfHrs 1 du
rntlon. Although tho law in- certain *clr
cumHtPncof* permits the 'ucceptando of ball
tintlj'thfi sentence nhall be executed; ?thte
rourt .holos* that r there... aro-.. no clrctim-
Btancen In thn: present' case to warrant
the acceptance of balh'. ' -~ . . . . .
¦HAVANA. -March .26.— Estes G.v Rath
bone, the former director of posts, who
v/as arrested last night after having been
fientoticed T-tlie ! day previous by the -. Au
dJt'iicia Court to ten years' lmprinonmcnt.
and to pay a fine of '$35,321 as a result of
his -v connection ' with the Cuban- postal
irtui'ls, remnlnied in- the A'iVaq prison" all
night. To-day, he wns taken 'to the Jail,
accompanied by a' number of friends.,
Rathbcns, -Reeves and
Neel?y {Remain in Jail
/ Pending Appeal.
v Hopper.
Impertinent Youth Meets
•ra Tartar fin Edna
DETROIT/ Mich.. 1 March 2«.—DIbcIos
urcs by two Irtcnl brokrrng« firms be
fore '• Circuit Court Commissioner. May of
their dealings with. Frunk C. Andrews,
vice ru'Bldent of the wrecked' City Sav-
In/rn Bfink; show tho Btupondoun character
<f his Bperulntloni'. . From August '6, 1MU'
t'. l-ebruory «, i«»., h«? .bougiitv through
Mrl,m/Khliri & Co. stocks and bonds of a I
•••»M«i amounting to $12,»5«.2ir,. Through
'¦»m<Trn. Currl", & ¦ tro. he bought., be
iwi-» n October 31 andFebruaryli/, 'to the
"nv.iint of |3,633.V00 nnd sold . t<v ¦¦•^.the
•Jm'iiint of ' $W.465.C0n. n totnl of $13,993,800.
Ihp iv,o totals amount to $27.tT)2.S15.
Am;il C amat<Hl Copper stock, to .which
his failure Is generally accredited, he
•*o«Sht to the amount of $3,272,400 from
Mclaughlin & Co; and to theamountof
%\.:X'.i,iXh > from C'urrie & Co. . Through the
latter firm he sold $7,4«5(5,6M worth • of,
Amalgamated and throuRh McLaughlin
W2C.30J worth. • ,'
SAN RAFAEV March 26.— Warrants
were sworn out to-day and placed In the
hands of Sheriff Taylor for the arrest
of *lx men— Benjamin F. Rlley, George
A. Henning. Richard I,aiiRer. Charles K.
Carlson Daniel Melroy and W. P. Tomp
kins-wno are charged Wif.r Illegal regis
tration In Sauralito. . This action is ftn
outgrowth of the bitter campaign between
the poolroom and nntl-poolroom (action*,
which will end with the coming mun.cipal
election. W. G. Morrow, who Bwore to
thV.complaintK. Is a candidate for trus
tee on the ticket of the "hill trihq." whlcu
opposf« the poolrooms. Tho arrests have
not yet been made.
Ilfiijnmin K. Itliey. one of the .accused
nn-ii. hus engaged ex-Governor^liuddnml
Attorney Charles Hcgg^rty of San Iran
cipro ns his counsel and-iias announced
his intention to ciiusr Morrow's arrest on
a perjury charge. . Rilf>',. claims ho Is. u
bor.H llde resident of. Sai:salito und thac
lh*« Hllepatlon. against him is not founded
upon /act. _j
Andrews n, Plunger.
Sausalito Swears Out the War
rants.
Candidate for a Municipal Office" in
SIX MEN ACCUSED OF
-ILLEGAL REGISTRATION
. SPOKANE. March 2fi.— Theodore- Cush
inpr.'-who^vbuilt, the .Cushinsr Bank block
In this t city;'; has - been i pn roled • ou t of j t he
penitentiary. ' : * Oush)nK,-who was wealthv
in the early nlneties.MoHt'tho'greater^part
of his -wealth"' lnHhcipanltV'* In : an alter
cation'with Rn employe ho shot andklllevi
him. The ' trial ' was V a'. sensational »¦ one
and r Ci.shlng . wnn ¦! defended : by . a , number
of 'leadlnjr.-attorneys.'.-He ;was convicted
and sentenred to seven 'years In : the,penl- !
tcntlury::.: With, the -,usu:il, allowance, his
sentence would' have expired* next ; June-.
Theodore 'Custiing. Is" Paroled. 1
At the:nfternoon nesn'on the color lino
whs brought .up, hut. President -;Of>Kooil
paid thnt .it wns the wish of the* State
FederutionJthat.tho deiogntcn; Rhnuln'not
dlpcUss the. qiirBtlon. nnd that' thev should
attend the. convention at Los, AngoUs un
pledged In their ,vIbws. -j ¦'. - 1 .: .• . •. .s.
Before"' adjournment v rrsolutlons "wero
adopted - .thanking, the ¦¦ Kducatlonul '. Club
of, Santa Bnrbnrn ami the cltlzenaifor the
hospitality-shown during. the session. *
BANTA -RAHBAnA, Miirch • 26. -Tho
twenty-third convention, of . thn. Wontan'B
Parllnment "of Southern 1 . Callfo'rnla- nd-
Journpd -to-dny. 'Tho Kreater portion of
the. mornlnK.:mrctlnpr xvnnc taken up .with
a- <llncuat*!on on-. '"Why ••men .. object to
l(UBlnefifl,:flea1lnp with women.'.' There
\vcrf!>'Bomft«HplrJlf | i1 (lobntes.-but th(«^con'.'
veimu»'of opinion nppenrod.tb 'bc'thnt the
fault bflthe women; wnn that- they had
no Iden !of Hho; value ;»f time'...-. , .'
President' Oogood Prbven^n a ;Dobits
on the Troublesome Coloi* . '
.-' : -. ,, •'•' -"Line.'.' ' ¦• y ¦ ;
WOMAN'S PARLIAMENT '
DRAWS T 0 A CLO SE
WASHINGTON. March 26.— The Senate
Committee on the Philippines to-day con
eluderli consideration of the Philippine
Government bill "with the exception of
that portion relating to. the currency of
the islands and adjourned after a very
brief ' session In order to give the sub
committee having the currency question
under consideration further time to pro
pare a report. The committee adopted the
lollowintf-HS a section of the bill:- ,<•
¥ "Tlmt nil inhabitants -of tho Philippine
Islands continuing to reside therein who
wero .Suaninh -subjects on" the 11th
day.- of .'April. 1SS9. nrifl then re
sided \;i In ; the Philippine Inlands,
and . their , children • born BubHe
quent thereto, shall bo deemed and held
to Im citizens of the -Philippine Inlands,
and an Bi;ch ¦ entitled to the protection of.
tho ITnltod States, except nuoh ns shall
nave elected to preserve their allegiance
to tho crown of fvpnln. In ruiciorrlanec with 1
tlie.-provliilonn of the trenty of peaco be
tween the United States; nnrl Spain /nn
terrd Into on tho 11th <1ay, of April, r lS9f>
nnd they, tocether.'wkh '-nuch '-citizens of
thp United States nn^mny. reslrto In tho
Philippine Inland*, nluill constitute* a- body
politic under. the-:nnrnc<of tho. people of,
tHo Philippine Ielnnds.".' . "'¦. v
eration of All but One Feature
> of the Bill.
senate Committee Concludes Consid-
PHILIPPINE CUBBENCY
IS NOW THE QUESTION
EAIjOXICa. Roum«-iia. March '26.— MIm El-
K-ri m. Btone. th«* American m!«««lon?rj% h»«
? tar-tod i«,r I^m.lon. It fs understood she will
fail lor America fr on , there.
CINCINNATI. March 26.— William H.
Tall. Governor of the Philippine Islands,
has now been two weeks In the hospital
iri Cincinnati recovering from a surgical
o;x>raiion. supplementary to the one. he
DDdenrent at Manila. His general condi
tion is excellent; and though he is natur
aliv rtmftns somewhat at his confinement
he has ttyt assurance from the surgeon In
eharerf that ho. will be able ta leave the
hospital in ten days or two v.-eeks.
Governor Taft's Health Improves.
WASHINGTON, March 26.— One of the
first acts by the President consequent
upon the ratification of the treaty for
thr acquisition of the Danish West Indies,
now pending before the Senate, will be
the appointment of a Governor for the
islands. Several names have been sug-
S<>STed to the President for this office, one
of which is that of Jacob A. Riis, the
well-known newspaper writer of New
York. The President is said to be favor
ably oisDosed toward Mr. Riis, for whom
he has a very high regard and with whom
he Is well acquainted because; of their as
pociaticn in Jsew York while the Presi
dent was identified with the administra
tion of the Police Department.
Eiis May Be the Governor.
ACTRESS WHIPS
THE "MASHER"
: What disposition will be made of
Charles F. Jones, the former valet-secre
tary of Millionaire Rice, who confessed r.n
the stand, that he placed a chloroformed
sponge. in.:a cone over his sleeping em
ployer's face, no one connected i with the
District Attorney's office would say.
Jones. is ..not under indictment for mur
der, and so far as Is known is not under
indictment' for forgery or conspiracy. He
testified on. the witness-stand that he ex,
pected- to receive some Immunity for his
confession.- Pressed by Metre to say that
he had been' promised absolute immunity,
he denied that this was so. Since cutting
his threat in an attempt to kill himself in
the Tombs, Jones, under the constant sur
veillance of police officers, has resided at
a private boardlns-house . up town, with
the exception of a brief time in the
House of Detention, where he tried to
starve himself to death. \ '
who testified for him afthe preliminary
hearing before Justice Jerome and were
indicted for. perjury as a result of their
testimony, '.will probably, be moved for
trial. in about ten days. ¦
the principal 'Belgian and German firms*
are not inclined to join this Combination,
because the fall in prices enables them to
compete' in the American market.
Disposition of Valet . Jones.
The cases of David L. Short and Morris
Leyer, the witnesses to Patrick's will,
A motion will be made for a new trial
when the prisoner is arraigned. for sen
tence. . '¦•'.¦ .
Captain Patrick, after taking leave of
his son, who was led back to the Tombs,
would only say: "It is hard; we will
have to try again." ¦; . ' >, .':.'..-
None of the jurors could be induced to
levcal how the verdict had been reached,
an agreement having been made to tell
nothing.' ¦ ' . .
Mrs. Francis fainted, and on recover
ing broke from the attendants and rushed
into the courtroom,", from which Patrick
had just been removed. rThcro she again
swooned. Both women \ were removed | to
8h anteroom and were sent home )n a
carriage. , '
clately In the corridor, where the .women
relatives and. friends of the prisoner were
waiting, and a scene of great excitement
ensued. Screaming hysterically, the pris
oner's elder sister ran about' the corridor
begging to be allowed to see her brother.
LA JUNTA, Cold.; March 26.— Mrs. Hen
rietta Miller, the aged Woman from Los
Angeles, Cal-7 who was assaulted in i the
Santa. Fe Railroad yards here on Monday
night by a negro, and whose condition
was regarded as critical yesterday, is
much Improved to-day and the physicians
In attendance upon her at the hospital
ncre say that she will be able to continue
her journey to Denver in a few days. The
body of W. H. Wallace, the railway por
ter, who was identified by Mrs. Miller as
her assailant and who was lynched last
night, dangled from the telegraph pole on
which he was hanged until this morning,
when it was taken down by order of the
Mayor.
SEDALIA. Mo- March 26.— W. H. Wal
lace, the negro who was lynched at La
Junta Colo., for assaulting Mrs. Miller,
an aged white woman, was sent to the
penitentiary for two years for a similar
crime committed here nearly four years
ago. Wallace was employed as janitor at
the M. K. .& T. passenger station. Almost
weekly for three or four months there
were assaults on white girls returning
home from work at night time. Blood
hounds were finally secured and Wallace
was run down. The evidence against him
was only circumstantial, but he consented
to plead guilty if given a minimum sen
tence. He was discharged under the
three-fourths rule after serving eighteen
months. '¦ .-
Journey.
rado Will Continue Her
Victim of the Negro Lynched in Colo-
AGED WOMAN RECOVERS \
j ' 'C. - FROM . BRTJTAI. 'ATTACK
WASHINGTON. March 2C.-The Post
ofnee Department to-day announced the
following: Postoffices established—Wash
ington. Night Hawk. Okanagon County,
William T. Peterson postmaster. Post
masters commissioned: Oregon — John C.
Ardrey, La Grande. Washington— John
Martin, Olalla. . ¦
These pensions were granted: Califor
ria — Original — Henry McOmie. Saera~
mento. X6: Joelah J. Young. Indian Dig
gings. 56; James T. Hampton, Poleta, $6;
John F. Powell. San Francisco. $17. In
crease—Asa Dehart, Pomona, flO; William
H. Mclntyre, Castroville, $10; Jacob Tros
tel, Santa Cruz, $12; Harvey Eno, Pomona,
$%; James B. Thomas, Los Angeles. $10.
Widows— Cynthia 8. Young. San Fran
cisco, 58.
Oregon— Original— Charles *R. Barnhart,
Cornelius, $6: Harold P. Elbon, Portland,
$6. War with Spain— Elvin J. Crawford,
Eugene. *6. Increase — Miles ¦ Rowen. Ore
.jjorj-Citj'. SXU H'Wows- Haitle A- Brown,
SaJem, tS; William F. C. Morrill, father.
Hillsboro, J12.
Washington— Original— Simon P. Ran
dolph. Seattle, $6. Increase— James Kee
nan, Vashon. $10.
Array orders announce that -Contract
Surgeon George F. Owens is ordered from
Washington to San Francisco, thence to
the Philippines.
end More New Pensions
Granted. :''Z','.
Changes Made in the Postal Service
Of INTEBEST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Senor Palma will make no Cabinet ap
pointments until he arrives in Havana, for
which city he will sail from New York. on
April 25. - : L' { ;: >>< ?}?
WASHINGTON, March 26. — General
Leonard Wood left here to-night on his
laet visit to Havana in the capacity of
Military Governor of Cuba. General Wood
said he expected to depart by boat from
tbe city of Havana at 12 o'clock on May
20 after the new Government had -been
Installed and the Cuban flag saluted.. At
tbe . game time 1200 American troops
would vacate the island by way of Ha
vana and 400 would go from Santiago.
NlSW YORK. March 20.— Tomas Es
trada Palma, President-elect of the Cu
ban republic, • arrived from Washington
to-day. Senor Palma said he was entire
ly satisfied with the change In the date
of his inauguration from May 1 to May
20, and laid stress upon the satisfaction
that all Cubans would feel on the deter
mination of the United States Govern
ment not to maintain a. naval station at
Havana, as had been originally intended.
"We feel," said Palma, "that only the
Cuban flag should fly over the Cuban capi
tal."
Relinquish His Position;
Governor General of Cuba Will Soon
WOOD ON HIS LAST. VISIT.
Representative McClelland, who has all
along declared his intention of voting for
a Cuban reciprocity bill, was the : s>tbrm
center to-day. He has not declared that
he • will i not vote for a. . removal of | the
differential, ami has I therefore been la
bored' with by" the • Republican leaders,,
who want him to stand by them and re
port, the Payne, bill without amendment.
This question of a differential has .been
the. topic of nearly all of. the discussion
on the reciprocity question for the last
two days In the .White House. The Pres
ident is now opposed to It.
It is eaid to-night that Representative
Babcock stands ready to. vote for the
Payne bill without -amendment. • This be
ing the case, the Republicans have enough
votes in committee to report the bill
without the aid of the Democrats, and a
spe.lal meeting will b? cal'cd for this pur
pose before the end of the week. :-•;;-"
A well-informed authority in the Senate
said to-day that wnen the bill-leaves the
upper branch it will provide for a reduc
tion of 40 per cent in the tariff.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
W WASHINGTON. March 26.-Whlle a
game of small politics is being played In
the Capitol, uncertainty and uneasiness
increase in Cuba, and the difficulties of
establishing the new government multi-
It developed to-day that the differential
is the real cause for delay. The Ways
and Means Committee leaders are fearful
that an amendment will be tacked on the
reciprocity bill removing the differential
on refined sugar, for which Representa
tives Tawney and Metcalf, Republicans,
and all the Democrats would vote. With
the same combination in the House the
Cuban bill would:go to the Senate in the
form which . the , Republican leaders are
most anxious to avoid. •
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Representative Clark of Mlnsouri has
reserved the right to make a dissenting
report apalnst the employment of Chinese
sailors on American ships.
VFAJ3HIXGTON, March 26.— The report
cf-the House committee on the Chinese
exclusion bill was tiled to-day by Repre
sentative Perkins of New York, who
drafted it. Tie report isays in part: •
"The committee is unanimous in the
opinion that the admission of Chinese la
borers Into ihis country would be a. very
serious evil. Kvery endeavor has been
inaxid to report an act which will secure
tbe txcltiion of Chinese coolies. We rec
ognize tne fact that frauds under the
present exclusion laws result chiefly from
the abuse of transit privileges and the
Imxoduction of Chinese claiming to be
merchants, who are really laborers. We
have endeavored to guard against these
evils.
"On the other hand, this country desires
to obtain its fair share of commerce with
the Kast acd with China, and In our
treatment cf the privileged classes, tne
genuine merchants, students, etc., allowed
by tbe treaty to enter this country, we
have endeavored to avoid any discourtesy
or annoyance which was not required to
prevent fraud."
The report says the few provisions of
the Kahn bill stricken out were such as
might have brought into question the
constitutionality of the measure. The re
port further says:
"The committee has stricken out the
provision of the 'Kahn bill which forbade
the employment of Chinese on ships
carrying- the American flag on the Pa
cific. We regard this provision as foreign
to the purposes of the bill, which is to
prevent the entry of the Chinese into thin
country. We also regard it as Injudicious.
The result of such a provision would be
to compel steamships that now fly the
American flag on the Pacific te take Brit
ieh register. Tills is certainly not the
way to build up our merchant marine, for
wliich there is a great demand. The work
done by the Chinese on the*e ships in the
lnlcnve heat of the tropics Is work which
our American workmen could not do,
should not do and would not do."
BAIL IS DENIED
CUBAN CONVICTS
In anticipation of a scene, of. excite
ment in event of a verdict of guilty, the
usual step was taken of ordering all
women to leave the courtroom. Among
them were the prisoner's two sisters and
Mrs. Francis, with whom he boarded.- ¦
. With '.grave faces the members of the
jury filed into their places, and some
minutes of painful tension' elapsed while
messengers-were endeavoring to find the
counsel, who had' departed, not - expect--
Ins a verdict-, for many hours.- " ¦ ;.
Calm -as.' ever, ',and -with confidence
seemingly , unshaken, i the prisoner - was
escorted' into the courtroom. He ' walked
rapidly, and took his stand facing the
jury with bead erect and hands loosely
clasped behind his back." ' . '
~At the word "guilty,"' pronounced bv
Foreman Machell in a ' tone low 'but
distinct enough to be heard throughout
the. court, not the slightest change
passed over Patrick's face, and he ' re
mained, standing .in an almost listiess
attitude while, the customary poll of the
jury was being taken. His aged father
Captain Patrick, sitting near him and
straining to catch the statement of the
foreman, started , for an instant as it? im
port reached him. and then sat calmly
awaiting 'the furtht-r proceedings. i
A smile'of triumph lit up the face of'
Assistant District Attorney Osborne. who
hastened , from the. court immediately
after Recorder Goff had. at the reques't
of the prisoner's counsel, fixed a week
from Monday as the day on which to
pronounce sentence.
The verdict was known almost lmme-
At the close of Recorder GofTs charge,
which occupied the morning session of
the court, tne Jury retired. This was at
1:50 p. m. At 5:55 they notified the offi
cer In charge that they were ready to
return to court,' rather more than an
hour cf the intervening time having been
devoted to luncheon. . , .
"Guilty", Finds the Jury.
There are three main propositions .• In thla
case, and if they fail • ot satisfactory proof
the > whole fabric of the prosecution fails. The
propositions are, tirst: . Did Charlea t.: Jones,
on September 23/ 1900, - with the intent, to kill,
place a towel, cone with a sponge saturated
with chloroform, » on the . face of W.* M.. Bice; •
second. »dld • \V. M. Rice : die ; from the effects
of chloroform and , from • no other cause;" th;rdr
did' the defendant, with, the intent- to procure
the ¦ death of . W. 'M. Klce; counsel and Induce
Jones td place the chloroform over his face?
If you nnd that Patrick. did counsel Jones
and! that. Jones did kill Mr. Klce, .the. guilt. of
the defendant is not lessened because Patrick
was not present. Neither shall you deem it
lessened it you find that Jones was . easily ' in
duced to do the murder. . - . >••-'•
The fact that Jones is a self-confessed mur
derer does : not make' him > an incompetent wit
ness. But' the evidence of such an accomplice
should be received with great caution. The'
law says It shall not; be accepted unless It Ma
corroborated." This does -not mean that there
must have been an eye witness to the-crlrje.
It means that either direct or -circumstantial
evidence pointing to the. same end shall con
vince you of the truth of the testimony.- .
You must take Into consideration Jones' man
ner on the stand; his apparent .capacity to re
member-details, his admission that- he. made
previous statement* that .were untrue and his
apparent frankness In telling of his own part
in a treacherous murder. Then you will, ask
yourselves was he actuated by- a motive -to
sacrifice Patrick to save himself?-.. If so,' why
did he select Patrick? -
The prosecution claims to have traced ¦ to
the possceslon of the defendant the general
assignment and . other alleged forged docu
ments. If you believe this, has been proved -I
charge that you may hold that the failure of
the defendant to produce ' those papers may
be. taken as , evidence . that if. produced they,
would be harmful to the defense. . . r . .
The Recorder said, further, that' If -the
Jury believed that mercury or. other pol-
Bon had been given to Rice for the pur
pose of hastening his death, they mi;;ht
take into consideration his weakened
power of. resisting the chloroform.
* V .y ¦-'-¦¦¦ ¦-¦ ¦¦ ,. -¦.,-- ¦-..':.! .'
NEW YORK, March ¦ 26.-Albert T.
Patrick, lawyer,', was -this even
ing: convicted of the murder,
on \ Sept ember '-.23, -1900," of the
.'aged millionaire recluse, "William
Marsh'- Rice. V The -penalty under > the
statute is death in;the electric chair. A
scant three hours of deliberation at. . .the
close of a -trial, prolonged for.' nine
weeks and replete w*ih , sensational in
terest sufficed to .enable, the jury to
reach their verdict. The issue of -the
trial establishes the charge : that Patrick
conspired with Rice's valet,, Charles jF.
Jones, to obtain possession of the aged
Texan's . estate, estimated at . 57,000,000,
and that Jones killed his employer, by
tbe administration of chloroform at the
direct Instigation of Patrick. .
Beview of the Case.
In charging the jury, 'Recorder Goff
said: I •¦' ¦ : .. '. -¦'.¦¦-¦. ¦ '¦ _ ' ¦ ¦¦
Congressmen Comment Upon
Defects in the Present
Law.
Ways and Means Committee
Fearful of , : a New
Amendment
Statesmen Continue Bat
tle Over the Reci
procity Issue.
House Committee Re
ports on the Ex
clusion Bill.
CUBA CAUSES
THEIR ANXIETY
PLAN TO BAR
THE CHINESE
• .v>'ii> '. •" '•" '¦¦¦ ' - — ' — / "¦ '¦-:¦' " : -- ¦•'- ' '¦¦ '. ¦'¦¦ .'- =Y> • ' ¦<;
Jury in New York Gity^Finds That the Accused
' Valet.Jqnes- in the Killing, of William Marsh * Rice in Order to Get
t .-7 Possession -of the Texan's Estate,; Valued* at Seven Millions of Dollars
ALBERT T. PATRICK IS CONVICTED
OF THE MURDER OF A MILLIONAIRE
SENATORS DIP
INTO JOLLITY
FUNSTON SCORES
SOME EDITORS
Debate on Oleomargarine
Bill v Enlivens the /• ;¦
- ' ; Statesmen.
lA.guinaldo's Captor De
; lends His Lotus Club
Tennessee Congressman Criti
•c;z3s Philippine Con
.¦:.-. ditions. •
Declares That He Did Not
Use Any Dishonorable
Methods.
TOPEKA, Kans., March 2G. — General
Frederick Funston was in this city to
day on his way to California. General
Funston delivered himself of a scathing
denunciation of the Eastern newspapers
which criticized his speech before the
Lotus Club In New York. He said:
'"I have been nagged by that class of
capers until I am tired. Editorially they
willfully misinterpret my remarks, and
1 am gl.id to express my Independence cf
their opinions and their talk and that
of their kind about my using: dishonora
ble and unfair means in the capture of
Aguinaldo; also that I. violated the ar
ticles of war. They know a great deal
more about che articles of golf than they
do about the articles of war. . Everything
is permissible in a campaign except the
uso of poison or the violation of a flag
of truce.
"As a matter of fact, only four of my
men were dressed In the insurgent uni
form. The others were dressed as Fil
ipino peasants. President Roosevelt ap
proved heartily of my remarks before
the Lotus Club banquet, and was very
anxious to have me go to Boston on the.
invitation of Senator Lodge and make
the same speech there; but my orders
were such that it was Impossible for mo
to go." / ' mjSA
WASHINGTON,- March 26.— Throughout
to-day's session, 'of. the, Senate the. oleo
margarine .bill '^ was. under discussion. ; The
debate was interesting at all times, and
some phases .of : it .were amusing. . :
- Hansbrough of North Dakota concluded
his ' speech, : begun yesterday, in support
of tho measure; maintaining that the oleo
margarine' Industry had been outlawed by
the Legislatures \ of many \ States, and
that it ought to ; be made by Congress
to take, off its mask and place its product
on the market "for. what, it really is.
Stewart of Nevada, declared that tfce
proposed legislation was unnecessary and
that there -Was no more reason' for tax-
Ing colored oleomargarine than for lax
ing colored butter. -
The principal' speech of the day was
delivered by Dolliver of Iowa. He spoke
forcefully and * throughout- commanded
the Interested attention of his colleagues
and of many members of the House who
had come to the • Senate to hear him.
He scathingly denounced the oleomargar
ine industry, declaring that it 1 had put
Itself In partnership with lawlessness and
false pretjenses. -¦'"'- •- -
Hoar and liodge of Massachusetts ex
plained that their reason : for supporting
the bill was that it imposed a tax on an
evident fraud. . vo.'., **floE9ff
General debate - on the ¦• military - appro
priation bill in tha House was concluded
to-day and' consideration- of the bill un
der the -five-minute- rule begun. Several
brief speeches were made, some in. criti
cism of different provisions of the bill.
Patterson of Tennessee criticized the
general conditions of the Philippines, and
charged -that a. state of slavery existed
thfrc, which should be remedied af ojice.
The provision limiting the longevity pay
for retired army officers, to the sum al
lowed and paid ; at the date of retire
ment went out on a point of. order. Ste
vens of . Minnesota offered a substitute,
which, he said. Involved two propositions,
one providing that no further increase of
longevity pay shall accrue to officers now
on the- retired list, and the other th^r
officers hereafter retired shall not be paid
any Increase of /.longevity, pay above the
gum paid at the date of retirement. Tho
amendment wax adopted, -and- at 5 o'clock
the House- adjourned- = l '.:,'.
HANDLING OF FISH
SPREADS THE LEPB03T
English Physician Hakes Interesting
Report on the Disease in
South Africa.
LONDON. March 26.— Dr. Jonathan
Hutchlnson, formerly president of the
Royal College of Surgeons, who recently:
returned to England after studying the
causes of leprosy in South Africa, has
arrived at the conclusion that the pri
mary cause of the disease Is the use. as
food, of badly cured salt fish, whieb Is
sent inland from Cape Town and else
where on the west and south coasts and.
Is largely consumed by the fanners and in
the Industrial centers. ¦,'WttKW*
Dr. Hutchlnson obtained Conclusive evi
dence that leprosy, in very exceptional
cases, may be communicated from person
to serson. tie does not believe that It ia
either infectious or contagious, in the
proper sense of these words, but it may be
communicated by eating food contami
nated by lepers' hands. Dr. Hutchlnson
suggests, as preventive measures, execu
tive control of the fish-curing companies,
the diffusion of information In regard to
the dangers of communication and the
establishment of isolated homes for lepers
during the stage of the disease involving
risk of contracting it.
Chief of Police Is Dismissed.
PORT AU PRINCE, Haytt, March 2«.—
General ; Cameau, Chief of Police, who
was directly responsible for the lmmecfl
a e execution of Lion Gabriel, the French
citizen who fired a revolver at him on
March 22.. has been dismissed by request
pi the French Government. It Is now
generally believed that the Incideat ia
closed. MDMH
Cleveland Goes to the South.
. PRINCTON, N. J.. March 26.— Ex-Pres-
Ident and Mra. Cleveland . and Professor
and Mrs. John H. Flndlay and Miss Bry
ant of. New. York left here to-day on an
Easter trip to the So.uth. They went In'
Colonel Daniel S. Lamont's private car
and their destination is Stuart, Fla.
MASKED MEN ATTEMPT .
. . • ' ; .to BOB HOTEL \ SAFE
Three {Persons Are Locked Up, but
! tlie ' Coin Is Not i •.'.¦. •
•',:"••'• -.Taken. .-• •* . ¦ • '¦¦. " ¦ \ '
EMPORIA, > ,' Kan-. . March . 26.— Two
masked men :'made r -a bold attempt -at 1
o'clock this morning to rob the safe of
the Hotel 1 Whltlejr, In the heart of; the
city. ¦ They entered . the lobby, by • two .dif
ferent doors and each .with two revolvers
raised compelled- Paul Vlckery," a clei'k;
Jesse Reeves.-a^porter,. and W. F. Sulli
van, 'a traveling; man, - ta throw, up their
Sullivan was ordered -to throw his "cash
on ' the : floor and . promptly delivered $50.
Then he and the porter were placed In a
cloak room and. the • key -was turned.
Vlckery was ordered to open the ; safe,,
but convinced the robbprs-that he was un
able to do | so . and he, i too, . after being
relieved of what. small change he carried,
was locked ;ln. the closet. -.. ¦ - ' . | , - '
The robbers then.' attempted . to break
operi the safe:.but.': finding-; their . efforts
futile, departed., -first .ordering- the three
prisoners, to remain- quietly where, -they
were. There' Is no j clew to the robbers.
THE SAN FRANCISCO GAX.L, THURSDAY, : MARCH 27,
NEW YORK ATTORNEY WHO HAS BEEN ¦ FOUN^lGHf ILTTf JQ;^ THE
MURDER OF MILLIONAIRE RICE,'; AND THE VALET 'ACCOMPLICE
UPON WHOSE TESTIMONY CpNVICTION;WAS CHIEFLY SECURED.
- SPOKANE, i March '20.— Tho '.whereabout* -<f
Mrs." Mary. Carleton,; the handsome young , wlfo
of Frank ! Carleton. — who ; tiisapyearerl , hunday
nlfcht. » remains a' mystery. \ Mrs.'.f.'arleton was
In j church r with t a x neighbor when • she • excused
heissir«i>nd .left the bulliilns. She, has not
Chicago Pastor Coming West.
CHICAGO. March. 26.— Thr Rev. M. P.
Boyntoh. v for. several ".years pastor, of tho
Lexington','- Avenue Baptist Church. "has
accepted -.'a* call"; to the Hamilton Square
Baptist' Church of SanFranclnco. lie will
leavo^Aprin ,to;nssume tho ; new charge.
3
SNAS€E <3rmRSV2K*G \
1
is not a popular occupation. Most I
women shrink irom the sight of a snake
end would faint at the touch of one;
But these "sasie woniea run greater riska
than the &nake clianr.er. How many
women allow dis- ><x*^:
ease to fasten on /zir*m\
them and slowlj "/ fj& Wv^\ \ '
to crush out their / < &4£z&t/*§}\ \
Womanly dis- \ \®iT *^fi/^'/
eases should never XJ^i^n^a' '/,"
he allowed to un- ty^^^X
dertnine the iIja?$-j*-£-i
health. Female v^C^v
weak a es3, bearing-
down pains,' in- /SsPv
flanimalion, ulcer- f&^"t ejb\
ati on, backache, /ffif*'/W\
headache, nerv- //aj v'l\\ '
ousness, and other //S W
womanly ail- JJp/t 'I v4l\ft
ments, curahlc by IfiM j j MlUtt
medicine, Mt/gMy iPwVaV
promptly and per- WgW J <»&»*]a\
xnanently cured WA jfflxR
by tlie use of Dr. mfBCT™
makes weak / j u|
women strong and fiP* go
Bck women well. "
** I deem it my duty to «rpre*s my deep, heart
frit jrratitudc lo y<ya."{<yr having b«n tbe meant
undrr providence of restoring tne to health.*
writes Mr*. o*car Brown, of Oxford, Grsavillq
Co.. N. C. ¦ For two yeRrf I Buffered with fcraa1«
tvealcnrss. headache, neuralgia in various parts
of the syEtem. and after uninff four bottles of
Dr. Tierce 1 * Favorite I'rescription. three of his
•Golden Medical Discovery.' one vial of 'Plea*,
cnt Pellets. 1 also ' Motion Tablets.' and one box
of 'AntiscpUc end Healing Suppositories • I
fcra cured. "
If you are led to the purchase of
"Favorite Prescription" because of its
remarkable cures of other women, do not
accept a substitute.
The People's Common Sense Medical
Adviser, a book containing 1008 pages, ii
given away. Send 21 one-cent stampa
the expense of mailing only, for the book
in paper covers, or 31 stamps for the
volume bound in cloth. Address Dr.
SL V. Pierce. Buffalo. N. Y. ,
DS. ?IEECE ? S REMEDIES.
'
jMur measure for
! The above; yaiu*,. with our guarantee behind -it, is
1 c'ertainl7'of,interei5t to any nun .who wants a spring suit
at^trie'ilowest-pos'sible price lor which .a reliable suit can
be . rn^'de: jSMp^gK^yp
'iht.the guarantee protects you fully, for\ we take all the
risk;; ;If the '.> uit. is. not satisfactory in every way return
it-^fwe 'will* •ehhf'r/'m.ike'ypj. anothjr one at no extra cost'
or-ielurniyouir money; the .privilege of a year's repairing
tree x ,ji6Vs -with'-e very 7?uit we make." •
\ V'^Sufiples^of'thc 'cloth. used in these $\o suits merely
- • Out- of-'own enters fcr mido-'o-crier clothing • filled— ta'/s factor/ i
fit assured through our self-mea$fr/nj system— write for samp/03.
ylo market Street and
V :Cor. Powell and Eddy Streets. vMINNEAPOLIS, March 26.— Over . 5000
homeseekers passed through Minneapolis
to-day en route to North Dakota and
States farther west. • •,''¦" ' . ,. '
Estimates by the various roads handling
this movement place the total for to-day
at. 5000 people. ..With the additional' 1500
or ' more taken out by the westbound
trains 'last evening the homeseekers' rush
through this gateway In the past twenty
four hours has been well up. to 7000, one
of the biggest days In the. history of the
big immigration movement toward this
part of the country. . :¦.-;:¦•..•
The homeseekers : Included about 2000
Dunkards, chiefly from Illinois, Ohio and
Indiana, who are ' traveling in six com
plete trains over the Great Northern Rail
way, along whose lines In Northwestern
Minnesota and North Dakota they will
make a permanent settlement. ¦.-. Forty
passenger coaches and 100 freight cars
were required to carry the party and their
household effects. .. . . .,
Thousands of Persons'
Hasten Into North
ern States. ¦
SEEK HOMES
ON NEW SOIL
POPULAR .COUPLE WHOSE
WILL BE AN
NOUNCED AFTER , LENT.
: SACRAMENTO.'. Mariih 26. — Jamas , Orr, Tone
of .the burglars • who looted the . pin ftoro of
W.' ii: Kckhardt In this cit} - , was to-day held
f to answerto the- Superior Court- by City Jus
tice AnUerson, , •• ,..- : ' :/r •' , "• ; -
1 DEVELOPMENT L COMPANY INCORPOR
ATES. — Articles of Incorporation 'of the Llttl»
Tonopah nevelopment Company were filed y««.
terday. The company Is capitalised lor $100,.
000, The dlreptors arc C. J. ' Young-, T. a.
nnnnerman. G..A, Clinton, K.S. Howard. S.
Prr-ntlun Smith, C. W. Slack and J. S. Danner
mmi, . :, .' > >'
INSOLVENT PUlMnER-n. ' R '. Almason*.
a plumber,' residing In Stockton, filed 1 a petition
In Insolvency yesterday : in the United -Rt«te»
i: pi.trlcr Courts XIeow«_| Hit, a,..^ |»T.; . :
McKinley l^onumcxj.t for Buffalo.
ALBANY. »N. ' Y., March 26.— A"*bill'ap
propriating ' $100,000 'for • the erection of ,a
monument nt Buffalo In memory of Presi
dent, McKlnlcy, was passed by tho Stato
Senate to-day. . Governor Odell sent an
emergency niessagO' to tho: Legislature
urging tho immediate! passage of the bill.
Gardner to Fight' Sharkey.
•¦ BOSTON, March 2,-aeorgo , Gardner, of
Lowell, Mass., was signed 'to-night; to
fight Tom bharkey at London In June,
taking the place. of Peter Maher.
Soldiers Start Small Blot.
v Six soldiers were arrested last nlRht on
the charge of battery in consequence of a
small riot" that occurred' nt the corner, of
Kenrny and Jackson' streets: • A sangr of
about 'forty- noble defenders ofthofr coun
try and nomc belligerent private cltlzcnn
participated in a free light, which lasted
for ubout hnlf an hour. Even the arrival
of the polieo on-the scene did' not put a
Btop to the hostilities, and a severe fltrusr
gle ensued before the ringleader* of tho
riot could, be. placed, under 'arrest.
Bar Fighting at Denver. , '
DENVER, March ; 26.— The Fire nnd
Polieo Board ' to-day Instructed Chief of
Police Armstrong to' utop the fight .be
twesn Jack McClelland and Kid Broad,
which in nehedulerl to take place at the
Coliseum Club next' Frldny -.night.
J. C. Bull Jr., a banker of Eureka, Is a
guest at the Lick.
¦Dr. R.- Gross, a medical practitioner of
Eureka, Is at the Lick. : • .:• , •:
: Henry Marks, a merchant of Uklah, Is
at the Lick for a' few days. • y
: William Ll Magulre, an attorney of
Hanford, is at the Palace.
T. G. Walkln, a merchant of Watson
ville, is registered at the Grand. .
' John M. Vance, a lumber . dealer and
prominent resident -of -Eureka, is at the
Lick. . ¦
Julius P. Smith, a wine producer of Llv
crmore, Is at" the Palace, accompanied by
hiS Wlf«. , .' ' . ,,,. : ' :..,--.
. Bishop Moreliind, Episcopal Bishop of
the Diocese of Sacramento, is at the Oc
cidental. ¦ ' ¦ , ". ¦ . ..• •
J. W. Barnes, a mining man who resides
at Los Angeles, Is among the arrivals at
the Palace. . ¦ }:.•..• ',:.<
Roland, P. Bishop Is at tho Palace ac
companied by. his wife. :Ho 13 a'prom
inent resident f of Los Angeles.
Author of "Ben Bolt" Dying.
NEWARK, JC. J., March 26. — Dr.
Thomas Dunn English is much worse,
and his family and attending physicians
to-day have grave fears that he will not
PERSONAL.
Louis Crette.
. 'SALINAS. March 26.— Louis Crette. a
pioneer of Salinas Valley, died near King
City last night. He was 77 years old and
a native of France/
TELEGRAPH NEWS.
IUSIJEK. Arl».. March' 20.— From Canane*
comes a rumor that W. C- Greene has dis
posed of his Interests In the Cananta, Con
Bolldated Copper Company . to New York eaal
lta!lits.?UfefrlS.<5Sms«l5tE«JtQ-lSW8 1 • ' • • ¦
CONSTANTINOPLE. March 26.— An official
bulletin on the subject of cholera at Mecca
find Medina admits that 1120 deaths from that
disease have occurred in the two cities men
tioned. • . en
' BAKERSFIELD, March 26.— The work of
lay Ing. the Standard Company's pipe line -has
begun at Oil City. Operations will . be com
menced at other points along the line at an.
early day.' •
- ALBANY. N. Y..* March 26.— A bill author
izing savings banks In this State to Invest tn
the bonds of Los Angeles, Ca'.., was passed by
the Legislature to-day.
VICTORIA. B. C. March 28.— Thomas
Deasy. ex-chlef of the Victoria fire department
has declined the position of chief of the.Daw
son department. •; ..'',;; ¦ . .
¦ WOODLAND, March 26.' — The new flounnil!
plant Is now assured. J The directors selected
a site .to-day and authorized tha letting of
contracts. • , •'%.':.*¦¦ :,'.•'.
Louis' K. Leahy, an 18-year-old boy who
formerly lived in the Richmond district,
the son of Mrs. Caroline Leahy, has in
vented an oil burner for both locomotive
and stationary engines which is attract
ing much attention. It has been put to
a practical test by the Los Angeles Fire
Department and gave such perfect • satis
faction that it will probably be adopted
for department use. | The Edison Elec
trical Company in Los Angeles is using
It entirely. The burner can be adjusted
to any requirement from forty to 300
horsepower. It can be attached to any
engine, and is said to be capable ; of re
ducing- the cost to one-third of that of
coal burning engines. /
Richmond Boy Invents Oil Burner.
IITTLE BUTH McCANN
IMPROVES IN HOJ3FITAI/
Attentio'n and Kindly Care of a Day
Free Child From Suf-
f eryig. .
Little' Ruth McCanrJ was examined yes
terday by Dr. ' Merrltt at the Children'..
Hospital and, while the child's left shoul
der seemed.- to indicate a dislocation, It
was found that there was no Injury of
that nature. The child was resting easy
throughout the day and every attention
Is being given Ruth by the officers of the
institution. While the bruises are numer
ous and naturally painful, the treatment
adopted has given the patient relief. She
has already endeared herself • to the
nurse.* tending her, and the doctors say
she is a very, bright girl. Ruth has ex
pressed'no desire. to return to the scenes
of her suffering 1 .. • , -. : •
Captain Edwin H. Francis.
SEATTLE, March 26.— Captain Edwin
H. Francis, for more than twenty-five
years past an authority on the navigation
x)f Alaskan waters and an attache of the
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey,
died yesterday of Blight's disease.
Charles A. Dupee. '
CHICAGO, March 26.— Charles A. Dupee.
senior member of the law firm of Dupee
.Tudah, Wlllard & Wolf and one of the
foremost lawyers of Chicago, died here
at his home to-day, aged 71 years.
John E. Fitzpatrick.
CHICAGO, March 2$.— John E. Fitzpat
rick," ex-inspector of police and ex-chlef of
detectives, died to-night from shock fol
lowing a surgical operation.
CLAIM THAT ADMINISTRATOR
¦ SOLD PROPERTY TOO CHEAP
Charles and Thomas Thompson Ask
Superior Court to Set Aside
the Sale.
Charles and Thomas Thompson, sons of
the late A. J. Thompson, are making an
effort to have' the .sale of a certain piece
of property oh Shipley street between
Fourth and Fifth streets set aside They
charge that T. C. Van Ness, the well
known attorney, who succeeded their
father as administrator of their mother's
estate, sold the property, for much les.i
than its value ln order to satisfy an as
elgned claim against the estate held by
8. L. Kimball, a clerk in Van Ness',
office. ••/ ,'
matter came up before Judge
Troutt yesterday. Van Ness testified that
clx years ago he advanced Thompson J250
to enable him to Btart in the grocery bus
iness and took as security for the loan
an assignment of Thompson's interest in
his wife's estate. Thompson died four
years .ago and Van Ness was named as
executor cf the estate and while acting
cs such sold the property on Shipley
street for $1250. The Thompsons claim
that the property is worth $2500. Judge
Troutt took the matter under advisement
Bsnjamin Bernhard.
AUBURN, March 26.-BenJamtn Bern
hard, a resident of Placer County since
1*J>2. died here tt dnv. Bernhard v-ux tho
first to engage ln viticulture in this sec
tion and successfully raised and culti
vated the silk worm and the mulberry
tree in 1S72".
1 'Chosen to Assist in Manage
ment of Hospital.
Strong Board and Committees Aro
The French Benevolent Society elected
the following officers and committees for
the ensuing year at the society's rooms,
Post street, last evening:
J. M. Dupan, president; O. Bozlo. first vice
president; J. Bayle, second vice-president; F..'
A. I^emolne, recording secretary; J. A. Ber
fttrot. financial secretary: directors, '• Thomas
Lacoste. P. Herges, John Bergez, J. Bellegarde,
J. S. Godeau, J. B. Lacaze, K. Messager, E.
Thlel«, O. Pouchan and J. B. Ponj Commit
tee on general administration, J. M. Dupas, O.
Bozlo and J. Baylc; committee on finance, 0.
Borio. J. Bayle and J. A. Berjrerot;'commit
tee on provisions, G. Pouchan, Thomas Laco*tn
and J. -B. Pon; committee on household needs,
E. Thlele. J. S. Oodeau and J. B. Lacaze;
committee on building. Thomas Lacoste, P.
Berges and P. Bellegarde; committee on phar
macy, E. Messajter, J. Bergez and P. Berges;
committee on correspondence as It relates to
agents throughout 'the country.. J. A.- Berge
rot and E: A. Lemolne; representative to Point
Ixibos Improvement Club, J. S. Godeau.' ;
FRENCH SOCIETY ELECTS;
OFFICERS FOR THE YEAR
• .' ¦¦¦. '. '¦¦;. ¦'.,., ¦ ¦ '
Special Dispatch "to 'The Call.
SAN JOSE, March iC— A rousing recep
tion was tendered to-night to John D.
Mackenzie, the newly appointed State
Harbor Commissioner, In the California
Club this evening by the citizens of San
Jose nnd Santo. Clara County. From 1500
to 2000 persons 'called and paid their re
spects to the political leader between the
hours of 8 and 12 o'clock. Friends who had
the reception in hand. have worked hard
for the past week to make it a success,
and the followers of Mackenzie were out
In force to-night. Much enthusiasm and
good cheer prevailed. Invitations had
been sent to politicians throughout the
State, and a big delegation came down
from San Francisco.
• A reception committee composed of thir
ty-five local citizens, headed by Mayor
Martin, aided in receiving. The commit
tee was as follows: O. A. Hale, A. Green
inger, R. J. Langford, Tom Lahan, Dr.
Davy, Gus Lion, Professor A. E. Shu
mate. Dr. Knowles, Professor Bland, W.
L. Woodrow. I. Loeb. Allan Brant,' Rich
ard McCarthy, Fred Cottle. H. C. Brown,
H. Bercovlch, J. R. Welch, A. J. Col,
William Douglas, A. H. Martin. L. W.
Bond, F. W. Moore, H. W. Otter, Captain
A. B. Cash, Louis Oneai; J. W. Cook,
P. P. Austin. M. A. Southworth, Valen
tine Koch, C. A. Barker, Charles \Hogg,
D. H. Bryant, Jeremiah Roberts, J. K.
Bailey and Jackson Hatch. \-
The rooms of the California Club, on
South Second street, were handsomely
decorated in honor of the club's founder.
Four large American flags graced tho
front of. the building. The interior was
gaily draped with the Stars and Stripes,
and all around were potted plants. '
Mectrlc lights were effectively, used and
a llfes'.ze picture of Mackenzie was sur
roundedj/by a frame of smllax and vari
colored incandescent lights. -A bouffet
luncheon nnd refreshments and- cigars
were served. A fine- musical programme
was rendered by an orchestra.
There was an especially large ' attend
ance of prominent business men of this
city and every city and county official
was present., James W. Rea, who. has
been succeeded by Mackenzie as a dic
tator in Santa Clara County politics, was
conspicuous by his absence. A telegram
was received from Governor Gage regret
ting that he could not be present at "the
reception to that sterling Republican,
John D. Mackenzie." Regret telegrams
came also from W. F. Herrin of San
Francisco, Mayor George H. Clark of Sac
ramento nnd others.
Among the guests from San Francisco
were: John C. Lynch, internal revenue
collector: Assemblyman Arthur G. Flsk,
Charles Spear, Port WarCen; Div Stone
of the State Board of Health.jEd Conroy,
Pilot Commissioner; Jere T. Burke; Sen
ator Terrill and ¦ Tax Collector Smith.
Warren Porter of Santa Cruz and others
from downcoast points attended. Almost
every section in Santa Clara County was
represented by good-Bizcti delegations.
1 hero wan but little speechmaklng dur
ing the evening, luit politics, was freely
discussed by the. crowds.
.'.: S/j. "' ¦ ¦¦<" ¦;; r .• . • . : >¦ ¦¦;¦,' . I ;
Detective Ryan was engaged yesterday
ln shadowing three men who are suspect
ed of having committed the postoftlce rob
bery at Santa Paula, -Ventura County,
about two weeks ago. The men have be.cn
located and will be arrested some time
this morning. They were not taken Into
custody last night, because It was hoped
that by watching their movements the
hiding place . of about $500 worth of
stamps, which was' part of the plunder
secured in the robbery, might be ascer
tained and the property recovered.'
The robbery of • the postoffice was ac
complished by gaining entrance to the
building and- blowing open the safe. Three
hundred dollars in cash and {500 worth of
postage stamps were secured. It .was as
certained that three men took part ln the
robbery, but no clew was obtained to their
whereabouts until Detective Ryan hap
pened to learn that parties wore trying to
dispose of the stamps in this city.
Santa Paula Postcfflce
. Robbers Are Under
Surveillance.
Harbor Commissioner Is
Tendered Flattering
xtecepDion,
< - Assassin's •¦ Pistol ¦ for Museum. ¦
BUFFALO. N. Y.. March 26.— The re
volver from which was fired the bullet
that killed Preeldent;McKinley. tha hand
kerchief with which the "assassin 'covered
the hand which held the revolver as he
thrust it toward the President and the
cartridges contained ln the revolver have
all been turned over to < the Buffalo His
torical Society and will be placed In the
museum of the society.
THE DAY'S DEAD.
LOS ANGELES, March 28.— Lieutenant
Commander Frederick R. Bralnerd-. U. S.
N., retired, Is dead ln the California Hos
pital after an illness of but a few days.
He graduated from the Naval Academy at
- Annapolis In 1S80, having been appointed
from Illinois. His sea service as a naval
officer covered a period of fourteen years.
Commander Bralnerd served with credit
in the Spanish-American war. having
been attached to Admiral Sampson's
¦ squadronl ;>¦' - . :
)f Boise, Idaho. After visiting- her old
"riends here she will attend the women's
:onver.tion,to be held in Los Angeles.
HUNDREDS GRASP
MACKENZIE'S HAND
. Forty-First District Meeting.
. The Forty-first District Central Repub
lican Club - held its annual meeting last
night at Loughead's Hall, 1605 Polk
street, for the purpose of electing officers
and also delegates to the convention at
San Jose. The meeting was a roustnij
good one and very largely .attended. The
following officers were elected: Horace
Davis, . president; Captain J. C. Currier,
first vice president; Julian Sontagg, sec
ond vice president: R. C. Daniels, secre
tary; A. E. Buckingham, treasurer. Shel
don Kellogg was elected delegate-at
large. Thirty T two other delegates were
chosen from prominent men in the dis
trict. The good spirit shown last night
Is an excellent beginning for the 'Repub
licans and shows their determination to
win the coming contest.
Valuable prizes will be awarJed. Th»j
principal feature of the day will- be a
mortar-spreading contest for a bricklay
ers' cold badge. . > ,
Ed Ralney. J. Fennell, C. Noonan, W. Reed
and T. F. Mulcahy.
Reception committee — Thomas H. Brady. E.
J. Brandon. J. J. Phillips. J. Tracey. A. Was
ner. K. Dunxweiler. Ed Nolan. George Keel?y.
Rich Hopkins. J. Myerschoff. J. MeCarty.
George Farrell. H. Stre!gel and C. Phillips.
The twentieth annual outing 1 of brick
layers has been arranged for August 3 at
Sunset Park, and already acommlttee of
arrangements has been appointed, con
sisting oft
Bricklayers Will Picnic.
The California Society of Artists will
decide on Saturday as to the most suit
able hall in which to Hold their exhibi
tion of paintings. It Is almost a foregone
conclusion that Sherman, Clay & Co.'s
Hall will be selected, as the actlsts favor
the light, which is of paramount advan
tage in the case of an exhibition such as
is contemplated.
The exhibition Is to open the third week
in April and will last" for eight days.
Many of the details have already been
arranged and another meeting of the .so
ciety will be held at H. Nellson's studio,
207 Sutter street, to-morrow evening. .
SOCIETY OF ABTISTS
MAKES GOOD PROGRESS
Car 5S "of . the Sutter street line about
5:30 o'clock last night ran into a "bumper"
a few feet below the power-house at 'the.
corner of Sutter and, Polk streets; Several
passengers were, injured, while others
were shaken up and frightened.
Gripman C. Yates 'was. in 'charge of the
car and Harry Doling was the conductor.
According to the : statements made by the
men to Secretary, Stevens and Assistant
Superintendent .Grimes, a wagon was iu
the way as the. car approached • the "let
go" point.- When the -car reaches this
spot the gTlpman' is expected to release
his hold until he reaches the. "take up"
point. The Intervening wagon prevented
this. As a result the^passengers on the
car were badly shakA up and injured.
Mrs.- Clussmann and her husband, living
at 1540 Central avenue, who were on the
car, were knocked from the seat. Mrs.
Clussmann was taken home in an ambu
lance suffering from nervous. prostration.
Delo Mato, a yountr man about 22 years
of age, who was standing on. the front
platform- of the car, was also knocked
down. In falling his neck struck against
the rail guarding the platform, and he re
ceived a severe concussion of the spine.
He was taken to his home at 1325 Broad
way.
• The car. was badly damaged and was
turned into the carhouse. \ Traffic on the
road was delayed for some time. Gripman
Yates was arrested on a charge of bat
tery, but' was immediately released on de
positing $20 bail.
The preliminary steps toward the or
ganization of a local chapter of the Amer
ican Institute of Bank Clerks were taken
at a largely attended meeting of banking
clerks in the* rooms of the. Chamber of
Commerce last night; .A. H. R. Schmidt
of the <5erman Savings and Loan Society
presided. About 200 bright young men
were In attendance. ..."'
""In calling the.meetlng; to order Schmidt
explained the purpose of the gathering.
It was designed to unite the members of
the banking fraternity in, social and fra
ternal bonds and to h educate members
along business lines, particularly those
of finance and political economy. It was
also designed to Inaugurate a school of
banking, ln which members, of the chap
ter may be educated in the deeper prob
lems of the business ln which they are en
gaged. . -
¦¦ Lovell White of the San Francisco Sav
ings- Union delivered a brief address, in
which he urged the formation of a chap
ter in San Francisco as being a step in
the right direction. While banking clerks
were strictly up-to-date In- the question
of morals and religion, some of them did
not know more of banking, than was good
for them. He believed the social! and
business standing of the -clerks would be
greatly enhanced by the formation of a
chapter... ¦-
Step in. Right Direction.
• - F. E. Beck of the Anglo-Californian
iBank, on being called upon for an ad
dress, said he believed the proposed or
ganization would be a vast benefit to the
banVing men of San Francisco. He con
gratulated those present upon the deter
mination shown by them to better them
selves as a class. Every ambitious and
studious banking clerk should take a per
sonal interest in- the proposed organiza
tion, because it was. designed to advance
them to a better understanding of the in
tricate problems i which confront them
daily ln their business. The speaker read
a letter from Banker P. M. Lilienthal,
cordially indorsing the movement and ex
pressing regret that it- was not started a
year ago. - - < ¦
Addresses were made by I. F. Moulton
of the \Bank of California. F. L. LIpman
of-AVells, Fargo &>.Co.'s Bank and J. K.
Lynch, First: National Bank. The speak
ers^werei warmly applauded.
-. George iBurdlck , of the London, Paris
and ''American* Batik, chairman of the
committee on by-laws, presented a set of
laws formulated by the American Insti
tute and amended so as to conform with
local conditions. They provided for a
board of governors, consisting of seven
members, and fixed the annual dues of
members at 13, which includes a subscrip
tion to the Bulletin of the American Insti
tute of Bank Clerks. The annual election
for officers was fixed for the second
AVednesday of April of each year. The re
port was adopted and the committee dis
charged. ,
Board of Governors.
The ohair appointed as a committee to
nominate a board of governorsrJ.'U.:Cal
kins. Bank of . California: C. F, Hunt.
London, Paris and American Bank, and
C. L. Davis, San Francisco Savings
Union. ¦ • ¦ i • i .
! A' recess for ten minutes was then taken*
and the committee reported the following
nominations :J. D.Ruggles. Bank of Cali
fornia; L. R. Cofer, Anglo-Calif ornlan;
P. J. Eastwick Jr.. Wells, Fargo & Co.;
C. H. McCormick, First National; Irving
Lumlborg, San Francisco National; Gus
tav Folte, German Savings and I^oan So
ciety; A. M. AVhittel, San Francisco Sav
ings Union. . i -
The nominations were unanimously con
curred in by the meeting and a motion to
declare them the choice of the gathering
for the first board of .governors t gf; tho
new body prevailed wlthout'a'dlssehtlng
voice. The meeting then adjourned with
out-date. It being the understanding that
the board of governors would meet: at an
early day to choose permanent officers.
Wnen the officers are chosen the chapter
will be formally created. Arrangements
for securing permanent quarters and the
furnishing of the same will then be pro
ceeded with. The identity of the presi
dent to be chosen Is still involved In
doubt. • . .
Latest developments, to the Fuller case
have caused the police to utterly abandon
all clews hitherto. followed in trvinff to
trace out the mystery pi. the crime and
adopt an entirely new line of investiga
tion. : It has been casually mentioned that
Nora Fuller had some aspirations tend
ing toward the stage, but it has only been
learned within the last few days that srus^
went so far as to apply to several man
agers and theatrical agencies for a chanc*
to enter the theatrical profession, btia
was. known to have sought the company
of certain, aspirants of her own sex for
stage honors. •..-.•'-; . .
Among those with whom the murdered
girl ia said to have been intimate was a
young lady named Estelle Baker, who
was clever, at musical composition and
exceedingly anxious to appear in vaude
ville. ' She was given a rehearsal at trie
Orpheum, but her ability was not suf
ficient to gain her a public hearing, so
she. was sent out to the Chutes, where
she appeared one night. ' .
She was in the habit of appearing at
the Olympia on Friday nights, which U
set apart for amateurs, and Information,
has reached the police department that
Nora Fuller was present in her dressing
room on several occasions when AI133
Baker was at the Olympia. The theater
people say they have no knowledge on
this subject and are Inclined to doubt
the sources of the Information obtained
by the polloe. ; " ¦: '*¦
Miss Baker is supposed to be ¦ In Lcs
Angeles at present and communication
was established yesterday with the police
of that city on this subject. It Is hoped
that her intimacy with Nora may lead to
some valuable information regarding tna
male companions of the murdered girl.
The theory now being followed by the
police Is that the murderer is connected
in some way with the theatrical profes
sion and that the bait .which lured the
victim from her home and induced her
to send a false telephone message to her
mother on the night of her disappearance
was a promise to make It possible for her
to go on the stage. From knowledge pos
sessed by the department Captain Sey
mour is greatly encouraged that this last
theory will finally develop the Identity of
the heartless slayer of the confiding child..
Jules Deblaye, an aged inmate of the
Almshouse, has been missing from that
institution for seven months, and his ¦wife
has enlisted the services of an attorney,
to conduct a search for -him. Major
Schmitz has also been requested lo.inves-
tigate the disappearance, a^id the attaches
of the Almshouse may be asked by him.to
explain why steps were not taken to.lo
cate Deblaye after his disappearance.' i ;
Deblaye had been an inmate of the
Almshouse for nearly four years. He was
partially paralyzed and at times his mind
vai affected. On or about the 10th of ¦
August Deblaye left the institution in
Bcme mysterious way. His disappearance
did not become known to those in charge
until nightfall, and. as it was thought that
he had simply grown "tired of confinement'
and had indulged a.desire to escape little
attention was^pald"' to '¦ his .sudden leave
taking. *-•* ' '. ' •'"
About the middle of August Mts. De- 1
blaye called at the " Almshouse to see her
husband, and was informed that' he had
left there of his own accord. .None of the
Inmates had seen "him take Ms departure
and little could be learned of his disap
pearance; i.
Believe He Is Dead.
Mrs. Deblaye. who Is an age.d ; woman,
talks little English; and she left, the Aims
house with a very meager idea'bf the cir
cumstances surro'ilnding'"' her ~ husband's
departure. Duringtlie last three or%four
months she had become an- -object" of
charity, and. at -the suggestion of kind
hearted women. --who are aiding her she.
¦wrote several letters to a local attorney
requesting him to dear up the mystery.
It is the opinion of those investigating
the case that Deblaye met a tragic death
shortly after he left the Almshouse. His
limbs were badly crippled, and as he was
in very poor health he could have scarce
ly succeeded In getting down town. The
Emergency Hospital records show that no
one answering the description of Deblaye
was brought to the hospital for treatment
at any time during the month of August.
If Deblaye had succeeded- In making his
way down town he would have gone to
the home of his -wife, at 34 Birch avenue.
They were very .much attached ¦ to each
other, and her home would undoubtedly
be the first place he visited. : But Mrs.
Deblaye saw noth nsof her husband after
Fhe visited him at the. Almshouse during
the month of July. , - u^--- f •
Hay Have Been His Body.
On the 11th of August the body, of an
aged cripple was picked up in the bay off
the Presidio life-saving station. He car
ried a crutch, and the clothes and gen
eral description fits these of Deblaye. The
body had not been In the water very long.
It was never identified, and it is not un
reasonable to believe that it was the body
of the missing Deblaye.
During the four years that Deblaye was
en Inmate of the Almshouse he won the
good will of all the attendants. During
the last year he became quite feeble and
at times was morose and despondent. He
never threatened suicide, however, and
when he was missed the officials thought
that ht had gone home to his wife.
Mrs. Deblaye Is satisfied that he is dead
In talking of 1 the matter yesterday the
eald: ...'••
"I feel that he is dead. If he had suc
ceeded In getting in town when he left
the Almshouse he would have come to
visit me. I have called at the Almshouse
several times about my husband's disap
pearance, but the attendants could not
give me any information. I am sure he
could not have walked very far. as he
was paralyzed on the left side and his
limbs wore practically useless. About
four yearn ago he fell down and broke
his leg. He was taken to the City' and
County Hospital for treatment, and after
his discharge he was unable to work. I
tried to make a living for both of us bu
it was a. hard struggle. Finally he be
came «ick and went to the Almshouse. I
UFed to visit htm at least once a month.
h l n I w . ent there ln -August they tol.1
ir>«» he had gone away. I did not believe
them at first: I thought they were trying
f?°L me * J don't think my husband
could have left the Almshouse alone I
don t. see how he could have walked
£22$ Tbe- la«t -JLSme I saw him he was
\er> reoble and badly crippled. He could
scarcely walk then. I am sure if the of
ficials had looked for him when he disap
peared they would have found him. They
made no efforts whatever to find him. I
have written a letter to an attorney, wha
has promised to look Into the matter." ,
MISS SOPHIA PIERCE and Dr.'
Edward E. Brownell have a de
lightful -surprise- Tor society.
They are- engaged to be mar
ried.- The betrothal, which has
been a profound secret during Lent, will
be formally announced at a luncheon
to be tendered Miss Pierce by her. aunt,
Mrs. Cyrus Walker, the second week In
April. ¦
The bride-elect is the daughter of Mr.
and Mrs. Ira Pierce and lives at 1730
Jackson street. She is a tall, graceful
brunette, well-bred and liberally edu
cated. Her charming personality has won
her no end of admiration at every notable
function given in San • Francisco during
the present season. The fortunate man
is a successful young dentist, residing at
the Occidental Hotel. He is the son of
Mr. and Mrs. W. W. Brownell of AY ood
land. The groom elect was also a former
lesident o£ Woodland and has many
irlends in San Francisco society. He
was educated at Heidelberg, Germany,
and has travelled widely. No definite
date has. been'flxed for the wedding.;
¦ •• • _,-•-•..¦ > .
The rooms of the Forum Club at 223
Sutter street were filled with more than
the usual number of guests and members
yesterday (afternoon. An excellent pro
gramme was given, consisting of several
well-rendered musical numbers and a
stereopticon lecture by Mr. Henry
I Payot, "On the Edge of the Orient." . The
views were from Mr. ' Payot s per
eonal travels. Those of the holy city
were impressively accompanied by a vo
cal rendition of "The Holy City" by Mrs.
C, J. Wet more. After the programme a
delightful reception was held and re
freshments were served. Earlier in the
nfternoon a ousiness meeting was haid
by the directors of the club, at which
session delegates were elected to the
Ixjs Angeles convention, as follows: Mrs.
E G. Denniston, Mrs: Henry Payot and
Mrs. Charles H. Mann. The alternates
are: Mrs. F. L. Whitney, Mrs. A. J.
Raisch an<J Mrs. Henry Hedper.
Mrs. A. N. Towne and Mrs. Clinton' E.
Worden gave an informal tea yesterday
afternoon at their home. 1101 California
street. Mrs.. George Crocker was guest
of honor. 1m number of friends invited
was not lar^e and the affair was marked
with a delightful informality. The decor
ations were simple and in excellent taste.
Delicious refreshments were served dur
ing the afternoon. Mrs. Towne and Mrs.
Worden were assisted in I receiving by
Mrs. Fletcher Ryer. Mrs. Arthur Smith,
Mrs. E. B. Pond, Miss McNelU and Mi^s
McNear. '•¦'...•
Mrs. T. M. Schumacher and Mrs. Mc-
Laughlin are on their way to Honolulu,
where they will remain for a month.
• ¦» »
Mrs. "Mary E. Ridenbau'gh of Boise and
her daughter. Miss Florence, are among
the recent arrivals at the Pleasanton Ho
tel. Mrs. Rldenbaugh. better known to her
California friends as Miss Mollic Black,
is vice president of the Board of Regents
of the University of Idaho, and is also
president of the Woman's Columbian Club
LOOT PLANTED
IN THIS CITY
Are Chosen.
Steps Are Taken to Form
Chapter and Governors
Lsaves Aimshouse in August
and Has Not Been
Seen Since.
Gripman Fails to Release
Hope at Critical -
.Moment.
Victim's Love for Histrionic
Honors Lure Her From
Her Hcme.
Local Men Will Affiliate
. With the American
Institute.
Two Passengers on Sut
ter-Street Cars Are
. Severely Injured.
Mystery Surrounds Dis
appearance of Aged
Cripple..
Mtes Sophia Pierce and "Dr; Edward E. Brownisill Are the Latest Society
Couple to Become Betrothed— -Forum Club Members : Enjoy Entertain
ment and a Reception and Directors Elect Delegates to Convention
Murderer Among
Stage Folk.
Police Hunt for , Fuller
WAGON CAUSES
BAD COLLISION
BANK CLERKS
TO ORGANIZE
BELIEVE ACTOR
IS THE FIEND
ANXIOUS ABOUT
DEBLAYE'S FATE
AT A LUNCHEON IN APRIL THEIR
ENGAGEMENT WILL BE ANNOUNCED
4 THE SAN JFRANCISCOv CALL, THURSDAY/ MARCH 27, 1902.
Wheat for; South. Africa.
PORTLAND, Or., March 1 26.'-The' Brit
ish Bhlp Inchcape Rock will clear .to-mor
row, for South Africa with 83,620 bushels
of wheat. This will bring the wheat ship
ments (flour Included) from- Oregon'' and
Washington portsto a total of ;over 1,000,
000 bushels, which Is the largest .amount
of South, African business , ever -handled
from the Pacific Northwest . in • a ¦ single
pearon. Itls probable that an additional
500,000 . bushels will, be • sent to the Cape
of Good IIoi>O' before tho end of the. sea
son. The primary cause of tho. large ln
ereade' In shipments , to South - Africa la
tho, very short' wheat crop In. -Australia!
4
SUMMER RESORTS.
DAT STATE HOUSE.
nfr*u}£3l!& C -^~MARCH I MRS. t-V-
D1A MATIliaON will open the Bay Stata
Moum and Cottages for the season, newly fur-
nlshad and refm«d. Those who know the lad/*
wide reputation for good cooklnx will readily
understand that the table will b« the chl«f
Usture of the inennse of ih« Bay Stato. The
hou»» is beautifully altuatmt on Koach Mill,
closo to tho bathing beach. An attractiv* hum*
lor altnar the summer or winter at mod#rat«
rates. Opan the year round. For terms ad-
House and Cottases. Santa Crui. CaL
Established 1823.
¦ ' ¦ . . ' • ; ¦ . >, 1 ¦ ¦ , ¦ . . ¦
That'^ All?-
1 § II C3 "a> ' ; ar» 1 1 •
?~p=^T~"? Strictly Reliable
W Dtv Talcott & Co.,
J^^y* Practice Confined to
ff nS^Tv Contracted and Functional
TO/ -Disorders o/ Men
C ; O • , , .V '. ' i ,
*p HEH13 IS NO SUCH CONDITION AS WEAKNESS IN A MAN UNDER FIFTY
b rt^™ni° n ml"f °'i er \ han * tMttLX debility. Prematureness, Ions of vitality, etc.. ore
bu| ornptoms of «ome damage to the rcproductlvo, nyitcm, caused by ft contracted dls-,
ZiZ °I/S?i ° f i rn rr^ tt<>(1 * n<1 J,oo lon«- continued Vxcltement. In 'looking for tS- lo-
X5 °a m. IS rMf' nfr ; lly fln(1 an fl«^. •««« and Inflamed prostate
tt th«i inJi^i.ii tn V« ry CMltfr ot th«. reproductive system It can readllj- be un-
u. £¦?«<$ hv ?!! m , ll0 1 oi } l "i?" 1 S* UM disordered function. These cases are prompt.
L y^l?r^,i i^^^f .h"" 11 ?" 1^ oth » pw1t « the patient goes from bad to wors«. ' The ea-
*ontlal point In all of them la the necwity > O f -the cure of the focu. of the trouble. In" the
liruatale. Many men have unsuccrsnfully trratrd for a wraknriw .which 'never rxlsted In
our experience there Is no flrug In the pharmacopeia, taken into the atomoch that will
Su n . r r flt «,h -ined" ll ?3fc«¥W ° f m^ «¦ "UwlJ a lo c.i om and prompt
RnArti? Jri. 1 ™^ V lncr '» Md circulation and return of . natural vIroV.
?^rSS1iSo£S "iW" »f «tlon, is interesting to any one wlihlnic; to
grnciAi. attention nivr.N to D p NTinn FLoon of 22 rooms ar. E
\arlcocr;*. Contaclnua Illood OUeniira a— ranr^d for prompt and private treat-
.and Acute and Chronlo .Uretlirnl and ' went. Our latest addition— Hotary Irrljju-
rrpBtatlc Inflanimallons. Consultation tlon—haa reduced time for ourlng acute
free and no cltarse whatever for treat- —/ ,,!?? tc ( 1 . on t rn « > <'d diseases more than
rot of any ca*. In which cur. ,. not 7^f^^?A
effected./ ting or detention from buslnesa.
O 'i- ' "•- " — : — — q
-P.L.laoHi,-;iu.l>,or «.. x..«, t & Oo : , 0S7.Mark9t £t:ee l , Oor.'tEiSth.
DR. HALL'S REINYIGORATORrfO^
8'opa all losses in 21 hours. Five Al^T**WJ
hundred reward for any caso we jjimA eFtpA
cannot cure, This itcr«t remsdy - I 31
cures ' Emissions. Impotency, ngn Kffl
varlcocele. Gonorrhoea. Ol»et. R^M Wfl
Strictures. Drains. Lost Man- [flj ILTI
hood an.l all other wasting ef- Btfl P*l
f»cts of " telf-abuna or excises. f -i ¦*— 4Tr *J
Bent sealed. 12 .bottle: S bottles. 13: guaranteed
iS»»1*?«t \%.5*"*'' C * u or «1dr*sa order*
HALX.'S MEDICAL. INSTITUTE »fl . Broad-
Way Oakland. Cal. . Also for 5l» «t iSStt
Market st.. 8. P. Bend for trie book.
year Stuart's Catarrh Tablets.' the new catarrh
cure, has met with such success that to-day It
can be found in : every.' drug . store throughout
the United States 'and Canada. •
To be sure a largo amount of advertising was
necessary In the first' instance to bring the rem-
edy to the attention of the public, but everyone
familiar with the subject knows that advertis-
ing alone never made any article, permanently
successful. It must have lrf addition absolute,
undeniable merit, and this the new catarrh euro
certainly possesses ln a marked degree. . -t-
Physlclans, .who formerly depended upon In-
halers, sprays and local washes or ointments,
now use Stuart's Catarrh Tablets because, as
one of the most prominent stated, these tablets
contain tn pleasant, convenient form all the
really efficient catarrh remedies, such as red
Bum, blood root and similar antiseptics.
They contain no cocaine nor opiate, an^ are
given to little children with entire safety and
benefit. " *¦¦'.: V'**!J
Dr. J. J. Relttger of Covlngton, Ky., says: "I
suffered from catarrh ln my head and throat
every fall, with stoppage of the nose and Irrita-
tion in the throat affecting my voice and often
extending to the stomach, causing: catarrh of
the stomach. I bought a fifty, cent package of
Stuart's Catarrh Tablets at my druggist's, car-
ried them in my pocket and used them faithful-
ly, and the way ln which they cleared my head
and throat was certainly remarkable. I had no
catarrh last winter and spring and consider my-
self entirely free from any catarrhal trouble."
Mrs. Jerome Ellison of Wheeling. W. Va..
writes: "I suffered from catarrh nearly my
whole life and last winter my two children also:
suffered from catarrhal colds and sore throat so
much they were out of school a large portion ot
the winter. My brother, 'who waa cured of ca-
tarrhal deafness by using Stuart's Catarrh Tab-
lets, urged me to try them so much that I <ld
so and. am -truly thankful for what they have
done for' myself and my children. I always
keep a box of the tablets tn the house and at
the first appearance of a cold or sore throat we
nip it ln the bud and catarrh is no longer a
household affliction with us."
Full stxed packages of Stuart's Catarrh Tab-
lets are sold tor fifty cents at ail druggists.
Send for bock on cause and cure of catarrh
mailed free.; Address, F. A. Stuart Co.. Mar-
ahall, Mich.
Reward of Merit.
It Is a desperate struggle to secure even a rec-
ognition for a new article, to say nothing of
achieving popular favor. ' and yet within on*
A New Catarrh Xnru Secures
National Popularity in Less
>y Than One Year. .-^
Throughout a great nation of eighty .million
ADVERTISEMENTS.U. S. •DISTRICT ATTORNEY,
WHOSE WEDDING TO MISS
SCHRAGE SURPRISED FRIENDS.
CLAYTON, N. Mex., March 2S.— A duel
was fought at the postoffice this after
noon by Postmaster John R. ¦ Gwyer . and
"W. E. Searls. a jeweler. Searls. who. It
is said, began ths shooting, was killed.
Gwyer, who was uninjured, was arrested.
Duel in the Postoffice.
that this exemption must , apply only to
bequests to near relatives, such as father,
wife cr daughter. Bequests to distant
relatives or those outside the family are
not exempt. This ruling was made in the
case of Ahe estate of James Clark, a
wealthy mining man.
Concert and Picture Exhibition
To-night, • Mark - Hopkins /_•¦ Institute of
Art,. 7:30 tllMO. Admission, 25 cents.* Opeu
dally, including Sundays. *
PUEBLO. Colo..' March, 20.— The incominjr
Rock Island passenjrer train struck a buggy
at a street crossing In East Pueblo this after
noon, killing- Mrs. John Clare and' her lnf.«nt
non and fatally injuring Miss Ella Hlnes, aged
21 years.
1000 Pairs Ladies' Fine Shoes
And'ties.2%. to.7,*.will be placed on sale
beginning i to-day : at J 9 ; a. * m. ' for .50 cents.
Also 700 , pairs men's calf : shoes, all . sizes,
for $1 a pair. Richard Pahl's former place,
32i Kearny street. .-¦ •-¦•'
OROVILLE, -, March .. 26.— The ladles of
Oroville .have started a' movement " for. a
public 7 library '• and : ; : free reading-room.
They wrote to Senator" George C. Perkins
and he In .reply Informed -them 'that- ho
would " buy ; Rnd furnish • a \ brick building:
supply," it with -all accommodations and
give it to the town free of expense as long
as " a^ free . public library^- was . maintained.
He would, in addition, supply 200 volumes
as a nucleus for a library. ;
Perkins' Gift to Oroville.
SACRAMENTO, March 26.— The follow
ing Agricultural ; Directors were appoint
ed to-dayby Governor Gage: ¦»
No. lfc-San Luis Obispo— J. C. Gibson;
"RrM. Shackelf ord ' and P. Olohan.
• No. • 40— Yolo and •.- Sacramento— T. S:
Snauldlhg and Frank H. Owen. . .
No. 3.1— San Bernardino— E. C. Zanetta.
•No. i 22— San Diego — T. J." Bryan, T. J.
Swayne. ; and. Charles Kelly.
No. 19 — Santa Barbara — E. P. 'Dunn j and
J. K.- Harrington. > ,
No. 10— Slskiyou— M. H. Bushhalter. and
J. M. WalbridEe. .
Agricultural Directors Appointed.
LOS ANGELES, March 26.-Detectivei
to-day' captured the mlsslng.woman mem
ber of. the 'St. 1 Louis gang of ¦ bunko steer^
ers' and shoplifters arrested by- the police
last week. The * woman ;was taken at
Santa Monica,, whither she had fled 'after,
the arrest of her. comrades.,, She gave the
name of Mrs. Jewett:-' At her former lodg
ings in ', this city, considerable plunder was
found * and •; a warrant was this afternoon
sworn to by_ a Broadway milliner,'charg
ing, the shoplifter with the theft of < a
number'of ¦hats. ¦¦All /the members of the
gang are : now in custody -. under charges
of theft and. robbery..- ¦ • :
Confidence -Woman Caught;
PORT TOWNSEND, March 26.— Captain
de Vries lof the Holland steamship Wll
helmina 'was arrested;, by the United
States Marshal Jto-day, charged with Il
legally landing Chinese, and placed* under
bonds to appear in Tacoma on Friday be
fore the United States court. . This y is
Captain. de;Vries'. second arrest on the
same charge. , The Grand -Jury, on the
first arrest,. found; a true bill, but the In
dictment , was thrown out of court on a
demurrer. < ¦ - .. ¦'.'-¦'
The complaint alleges that.Captain.de
Vrics aided • and betted • in . landing .here
three : Chinese ¦ he^brought from-the. Ori
ent- on the , Wilhelmlna, and that, when
the vessel was inspected by. United States
quarantine officers and customs officers
upon arrival here, .the Chinese were se
creted beneath>the boilers in the hold of
the ship . and were later landed in a
launch: from the : vessel. ; -;.
xnina Held to Appear in Fed
. " ¦ .•:: eral Court.
Master of the HollandVvessel Wilhel-
CAPTAIN OF STEAMSHIP
| CHARGED WITH SMUGGLING
SAN JOSE; March 26.— Along the entire
coast line of the Southern Pacific every
thing is being placed in "apple pie order"
in preparation for the coming visit .of
President Harrirhan, who is now in Ari
zona. The rolling stock is being over
hauled and repaired, switch targets and
semaphores are receiving new coatings of
paint,' depots are being cleaned,' new rails
and spikes are being put in here and there
and even the minutest detail Is being at
tended to. Mr; Harriman is expected to
come up the coast line in about a week.
: PRESCOTT, Ariz., March 2C— President
E. H. ¦ Harriman j of the Southern Pacific
system; with a. \ party .- of • " twenty-live
guests, passed through here this morning
'on a special train of seven cars, en route
to the Grand Canyon.- In the party were
the following Southern Pacific officers: J.
Kruttschnltt, vice president; J. C.Stubbs,
general traffic manager; E. O. McCormlck,
passenger" traffic manager; William
Sproule, freight traffic manager, and C. C.
Srouf e... division .- superintendent -. of the
Arizona division. The party returned to
night to Phoenix and will go thence . to
California. •
for President Harriman's
•Coming.
Southern Pacific Employes Prepare
COAST^ LINE IS BEHTG
. , CABJEFTJXIfY RENOVATED
-J SPOKANE,. March 26.— In the > Superior
Court' to-flay ; Judge^ Belt , rendered an • Im
portant' decision 1 on ; the' inheritance ; tax
law., • He ruled ..that ahe. law. allows .-but
one 510,000 exemption from the tax and
Interprets Inheritance Tax . Law.
a Soldier of tne Twentieth.
Infantry. . .
• WOODLAND, March 26.— A mystery
¦which has been engaging the attention of
the Sheriff's office for several, days was
partially - cleared to-day. One day last
week Constable Johnson of Davisville
brought to the County Jail a man whom
he had found wandering about aimlessly.
Papers were found which 'indicated that
the man's name was JoTm Wege. These
papers established^ the - «act_ that - John
Wege enlisted In 'Company F, Sixteenth
Infantry," at Piqua. Ohio. Un. February.
1899; that he served three years in the
Philippines and was Bonorably discharged
on the 5th of March, 1902; that he re-en-
Usted on- March 15, 1902, in ; Company^ I,
Twentieth Infantry. They further showed
that Wege had first been promoted to the
rank of corporal and afterward to ser
eeant major. , Wege received $203 in pay
when discharged, but did not have, a cent
on his person when found. . - -
To-day the prisoner suddenly recovered
his" reason, fie remembered that Com-'
pany.I. Twentieth Infantry, In which .he
enlisted after his honorable discharge on
March 15, left San Francisco for Fort
Sheridan,- Illinois, on March 17. Wege wag
detailed. to help load' the baggage. He
felt unwell and, told one of his comrades
he would report to .the hospital. He was
dissuaded from doing this lest his supe
riors might think he was trying to shirk
work. He has no recollection of anything
thafoccurred after the baggage was load
ed until he regained consciousness in the
County Jail.-. ••¦-¦ ' "
Under Sheriff Brown to-day sent a tele
gram to Captain" Morrison making ¦ in
quiry concerning Wege and received the
following reply: "Wege should be sent
to Fort Sheridan if able; otherwise to the
Presidio,; San Francisco."
-Brown will communicate with the mili
tary .authorities > at the Presidio before
taking further steps.
Man Held in "Woodland Proves to Be
STTDDENIiY RECOVERS
HIS REASON IN PRISON
To County Clerk — Dear Sir: Parker John
Wilson, a ward of mine, under the age of 21
years, has contracted to marry a young lady
named Irma D. Crothers. I do not consent to
the marriage, so If application is made to you
for a license for their marriage, refuse It and
notify me. Respectfully yours,
yV ALTER F. SIBLEY.
To-day. County Clerk, Pflster received
from the Sheriff the following' circular,
which has been sent to all the counties
in the State, and which explains the mat
ter: '„¦'<•
SAN JOSE,, March 26.-Sherlf£ Sibley of
San Joaquln County evidently believes
love laughs at locksmiths, for, Instead ov
placing in Jail a ward of his who desires
to marry against his wishes, he has" noti
fled the various County Clerks to refuse
the young man a license. John Wilson
is the ward and he has been making love
desperately to Irma D. Crothers of Stock
ton, boldly defying the command of his
guardian: "
Clerks Not to Issue a
License;
San Joaquin Official Notifies County
SHERIFF TRIES TO BALK \
WEDDING OF HIS WABD
The land laws of the United States should be
Immediately extended to Alaska, so that Its
citizens can secure title to property and estab
lish permanent homes.' ' . .
Word has reached Alaska that General Ran*
dn.ll has recommended the abandonment by the
Government of the partially completed wagon
road from Valdes-to Eagle City, on the Yukon
River. Alaskans cannot believe this to be true.
The reason set forth for Its abandonment Is
that it has cost $200,000 already - and that a
railroad may soon be- constructed over this
route, . using the same road as a right^of way.
This Is an outrage on the Alaskan miner, Con
gress . should immediately appropriate enough
money to complete this wagon road, hire an ei
perlenced engineer and rush the road to com
pletion as soon as possible. I When this road Is
completed It should be kept open for the pur
pose for which It was created and no railroad
or corporation should be allowed to uee it as a
right of way.- It should be kept open' for the
miner. ' ¦ ¦ . ¦•¦'-. ¦. . - • '
The next mall from Alaska will bring down
petitions and reeoluttons from the business men,
the Chambers of Commerce and City Councils
to similar bodies, not only of Seattle, but to all
Pacific Coast -cities, requesting them to , put
forth "every effort In their gower toward ob
taining united and determined action on the
part of the Pacific Coast delegations In Con
prcss in order that the bill giving Alaska a
Delegate .' may be passed Immediately. . After
giving Alaska a Delegate to Congress, let It
follow It by repealing the obnoxious tax laws.
The code Is honeycombed with imperfections
and ig known In Alaska as the "crazy-qullt
code."
SEATTLE, March 26.— Ex-Customs Col
lector Ivy. of Alaska, whose recent order
regarding Canadian seals created such a
sensation throughout. the country, arrived
tKIs morning from Skagway. on tho
steamer Dolphin. In an Interview on
Alaskan' affairs, he said:
Epeclal Dliratch to The Call.
•Then ..began the .search ,for" BuHock.
Early this year Hetherington became con
vinced. hls / man was at or.'near Great
Falls; > Mont, i He spent . a week " In ¦ that
city, and one evening found Bullock work-'
Ing with a railroad gang, on .the Portage
cut-off of "the Montana Central road. He
was arrested : by the Great Falls police,
and the'-next day, in- custody, of Hether
ington, started back for. Canada.
At his trial Bullock pleaded : not guilty:
He claimed .that he had left' Staiton In
good 'health at Ponoka' and that the-, lat
ter went on. west from there. ; His counsel
based most^ofhls: argument ' on , the con
tention' that -the remains, had. not been
•positively identified as those of Stralton. -
Two months later a body was found
Jialf-burled near/the Bullock farm. Cor
poral Hetherington of- the Northwest
mounted*, police was put on the case, and
eight months later arrested ; Bullock. ¦ The
first ¦ clew -was a. ¦ tailor's ; name on . ¦ the
clothing of ¦ the • dead . man, ' showing that
the suit was bought at Kalamazoo. Cor
respondence with the police of that city
and >' with Canadian authorities brought
out the fact, that Staitdn's parents were
looking for their boy, from whom they
had not heard. Then Stalton's father was
brought . out : here and identified -the body
of his son.' From the railroads and otherf
sources it was . learned that- Bullock and'
Staiton had • arrived together. An . auto
harp which, -Staiton * was known "to have
owned .. was found , at the Bullock, farm.
From letters Staiton's parents had It was
learned that the youth had been afAspenl
His companionship; there \ with Bullock
was brought out." > : r ; .
Victim . and murderer, were Americans,
but casual visitors to the King's domains.
When the crime was j discovered, weeks
after it took place, the officers had but a
slender clew to work upon. Thousands of
dollars were spent in running down the
murderer, Canadian officers spending
weeks in the United States to follow
clews. At the 'trial, which took place at
Calgary, Alberta, last month, witnesses
wero present from Michigan, Wyoming,
Montana. and" Canada. The crown prose
cutor link by link forged the chain about
the neck of the accused until It was com
plete down to the smallest detail. The his
tory of the crime follows:
Leon Staiton lef\ his home at Kalama
zoo, Mich.,' to take a position with thfe
Union Pacific at Aspen, Wyo. There he
met Bullock,' who also was from Michi
gan, and they became chums.' Bullock in
duced Staiton. to accompany, him to Can
ada, Bullock's parents having a farm in
the, Battle River district of Alberta,
When they left Aspen Bullock had $42 and
Staiton, then 19 years old, had $220. They
were traced from- Aspen to Great Falls,
Mont., thence to Lethbrtdge and Calgar>'i
N. W. T., where : two tickets were pur
chased for Ponoka, twenty miles from the
farm of Buljock's parents..
Bullock arrived alone at the, farm with
plenty, of money and gave his father $55.
He remained \ three days and then left,
saying he was going to the coast. - In
stead he went to Montana and- changed
his name.
FORT SASKATCHEWAN, N. W. T..
March 26.— -Charles Bullock was hanged
here to-day for the murder of L*ou
Staiton In the Battle River country last
April. The prisoner had been convlctod
on purely, circumstantial evidence. The
case was remarkable in many ways, and
shows the efficiency of the Northwest
mounted police.. ,
Special Dispatch, to The Call.
Law Avenges the Mur
der of Young Leon
Staiton.
Join in a Petition to
Congress.
Want ,Ooast Oitiei to
During the pendency of the second trial
following an indictment of McCarthy for
assault and battery in the first degree the
Advertiser published a cartoon supposed
to have reference to the case. It repre-
sen ted Judge Gear in the attitude . of
blessing a tough-looking. citizen who was
assaulting a woman, as the defendant
was alleged to have assaulted the com
plaining witness, by biting her ear. Be
neath the cartoon were . the words sup
posed to have been" spoken by Judge
Gear, who had released McCarthy on a
technicality, - "Bite her again," and the
court held that- as McCarthy had been
placed on trial on a new charge. Involving
the same state of facts as the former
case, the publication, of this cartoon was
contempt. The cartoon was one of many,
that have been published purporting to
show that ' the Judges are biased against
the prosecution. .
The Supreme Court at once issued a
writ of habeas corpus, returnable April
2L on which the editor is now at liberty.
Attorney George Davis, representing the
court as amicus curlae, yesterday • at
tacked the habeas corpus writ on the
ground . that it had been issued by the
Chief Justice without the defendant ever
having- been brought before the court.
Under, this writ issued by Chief Justice
Frear, Smith is held in bonds to appear
April 2L The Circuit Court Judges met
this afternoon and -decided that the 'Su
preme Court writ was void, having been
issued without the defendant being
brought before the court. Smith was not
present when the Chief Justice heard the
matter and granted the writ of. habeas
corpus.
As the matter row stands the Supreme
and Circuit courts are at loggerheads.
l« According to the decision : of the three
I Judges of the Circuit Court the writ Is
sued by the Chief Justice of the Supreme
Court was void and Smith was set at lib
erty without warrant. On the other hand,
the Chlcf\ Justice sticks to his • position
In issuing (the writ. The Circuit Judges
hold that Smith is in contempt, while the
Supreme Court has allowed him. to go
free, and the matter will probably be sup
mitted to Washington. -
The transport Warren, which - has been
delayed here some days on account of a
lost 'blade of the propeller, left yesterday
for Manila. There were many rumors to
the effect that she was not in proper con
dition, but her officers denied that she
was in any, way unfltxfor sea, and she left,
continuing her Journey. -.
During the cloudburst In Nuuanu Val
ley yesterday morning 5.51 inches of rain
fell in the hour between 11 and 12 o'clock.
This is the heaviest downfall ever record
ed here. Nuuanu stream row from ten
to twelve feet in a very short time.. There
was a good deal of damage to the places
along the banks of the stream. During
the entire storm, lasting about, twelve
hours, 12.71 inches of. rain fell.
The question has arisen in the Supreme
Court here of the power of President Dole
to make appointments to offico In Hawaii
after annexation and before the organic
act took effect. The validity of the. action
of the two Circuit Judges so appointed
by him upon taxes in the case of George
U. Hind vs. the Wilder Steamship.Com
pany Is before the court. Correspondence
Introduced Incidence shows that United
States Minister Sewall instructed Presi
dent Dole as representative of the United
States that ho had power to make such
appointments.
Walter G. Smith, editor of the Adver
tiser, was found guilty of contempt by
the three Judges of the First Clicuit
Court and was sentenced to thirty days
in jail on account of the cartoon he pub
lished in connection with the case of one
McCarthy, charged with assault and bat
tery In the first degree.
McCarthy had been put on trial before
on a charge of mayhem, and after being
found guilty by a Jury he was released
by Judge Gear on a motion. in arrest. of
judgment, based on the fact that the
crime of mayhem Is not defined at all in
the Hawaiian statutes.
HONOLULU, March 19.— Governor Dole
will leave for Washington ' on the Sierra
March 23 In answer to a dispatch received
from Senator Carter in Washington stat
ing that President Roosevelt wants to
consult with the Governor.
BULLOCK DIES
FOR HIS CRIME
Hawaii's Governor Sum
moned by President
Roosevelt.
SEATTLE,*. March .26.— Count- Matsuka
ta, the • distinguished Japanese j visitor,
who reached here last evening on the
steamship ICaga Maru, is stopping at the
Ttalnler Grand. Sifting the statements
made by those surrounding the Count, and
digesting the diplomatic statements made
by his secretary, it Is found that Japan
hbpes to see the United States a silent
partner In the offensive and. defensive al
liance between England and Japan. Sa!d
Mr. Megata,- chief of the Bureau of Tax
ation of the Japanese Government:
We feel that the United States is with us in
spirit if not in (act in our alliance with Eng
land. Why should It not be so? We do not ex
pect the United States to declare openly that
they have enpouned the cause of- Japan In the
Oriental entanglements of the future, for pos
sibly this might Interfere with the Monroe doc
trine, for which I understand you Americans
have the greatest respect nnd love. However,
the interests of the United States are similar to
and co-extensive with those of Japan In all the
perplexing problems that may be presented in
the solution of the Eastern question. We hope
in this visit to do something to pave the way
for a morn definite and satisfactory understand
ing of these matters between the two countries.
TJp the Mikadoes Alliance With
¦ Great Britain.
JAPAN EXPECTS SILENT
SUPPORT OF AMERICA
Thinks This "Government "Will Back
afternoon when Marshall B.
Woodworth, the United States Attorney
In this city, was married to Miss Char
lotte A. Schrage, who was until quite re
cently a stenographer in his office.
The young people .kept . their • intended
¦wedding a close secret. A' few days ago,
>vhen Attorney Woodworth asked for and
was granted a short vacation, not even
his closest friends - thought that he, In
tended a trip to the hymeneal altar. He
did not secure a marriage license until 3
o'clock yesterday afternoon and within
liftoen minutes afterward he was In Rev.
J. N. Beard's parlors with Miss Schrage
ready to be married
The ceremony was witnessed by Mrs.
Woodworth. the groom's mother; Miss
Udlth Newbegln, a close friend of the
bride, and a few other Intimate friends of
both parties. The. bride wore a neat
traveling costume and after the ceremony
the young couple left for their honeymoon
trip. Whither they have gone, however.
has been kept as close a secret as their
engagement.
Attorney Woodworth met his bride
while she was a stenographer in the of-
Uce of United States Marshal Barry Bald
win. He was then but a recent grad
uate of the Hastings L«aw College and
employed as the private secretary of
Jud£t W. TV. Morrow, the then United
States District Judge. • The acquaintance
then formed gradually ripened into a re-
A DELIGHTFUL romance, which
had its origin within the somber
walls of the prosaic old Federal
building, culminated yesterday
DOLE HURRIES
TO WASHINGTON
Miss Schrage is an orphan. She resided
at 3538 Twenty-first Btreet. Those who are
acquainted with the young lady say that
she is well worthy of-.belng waited for.
She is an attentive member of the
Grace Methodist Episcopal Church and a
leader of the young people of her ac
quaintance.
lationshlp dearer and more lasting. When
Mr. Woodworth met Miss Schrage he
was not in a position to marry, but love
waited while he climbed from the position
of private secretary to the o.fflce of United
States District Attorney. He is now 32
years of age, while his bride is 25.
ALASKANS CALL
FOR ASSISTANCE
Under the apportionment which went
into effect January 1, 1902, the -Forty
second Assembly District is bounded ns
follows: Commencing at the Intersection
of Market and Polk streets, continuing
thence along the center -of. the .following
named ''streets: Polk to' Grove, Grove to
Van Ness avenue, JVan Ness .avenue to
Broadway, Broadway to : Hyde,!; Hyde' to
Ellis, Ellis to Jones, Jones to .Market
and Market to Polk, ', the place, of be
ginning. ,••-..
The Roosevelt Republican Club of the
Forty-second Assembly District, George
R.^ Wells, president, comes out squarely
against bosslsm and the henchmen of
bosses. The club has adopted a resolution
asking the Republican County
to instruct the chairman to ' appoint a
"good" Republican: to represent the dis
trict as committeeman-at-large instead of
Andrew Louderback, who is character
ized as a "notorious henchman of the cor
rupt bosses." - > >. .
In the State League : convention of Re
publican Clubs at San Jose, April 14 and
15, the Roosevelt Club of the Forty
second District will be represented by W.
J. Herrln. J. D. Hannah, T. J. Morton,
Norman W. Hall,- H. P. Sonntag, P. M.
Gopchevitch, E. N. Ayers and C. N. Mit
chell. At a meeting of- the club last
Tuesday evening a large number of
voters sisrned the roll..
Forty-Second District Republicans.
GUTHR1E, O. T., March 26.— Great ex
citement has been caused at Lawton by
the unearthing by miners. in the Wichita
Mountains of an .eighty-five pound nug
get, 83 per cent pure gold. It was found
in Devils Canyon, the scene of one of the
ancient mines of the Spaniards, where
many crucibles have been unearthed re
cently. .¦..-•¦ - . v -
Several men, have already been killed by
snowslides and by being frozen to death
in storms after being K>st. . Strikes of
fabulous richness ' have been" reported in
the district, both placer and. quartz. Large
syndicates in the East, principally in
Pittsburg, have purchased hundreds of
thousands of dollars* worth '.of property
there. . ¦,¦-. ;•'-' '-.-..
Some indication of -the' rush niay be
gleaned from the fact that .3000 Colorado
miners are preparing to go into the new
gold' fields. The action of the smelter
trust in curtailing the output of the Colo
rado mines ha* 1 ) thrown many miners out
of work and- ttley have turned. to Thun
der Mountain, after having sent . in rep
resentatives who have - made good re
ports.
The Oregon Short Line is contemplating
an extension of its line into the district.
Large parties are coming, from other
States. It is estimated that fully 23,000
men will be in camp this summer.. Those
there "now are suffering for provisions,
but pack trains are being pushed through
the-snow to them as rapidly as possible.
Flour now commands JSO a sack there.
The Dewey mill has been running-ail
winter with ten stamps, the plates
bristling with gold all the time. Machin
ery for a 100-stamp-mill is being made at
the Chalmers-Allis Works, Chicago, for
that property. Another syndicate Intends
to put in a 200-stamp mill. Parties leav
ing here now are taking dogs. and sledges,
adopting the Klondike plan. Boise is al
most dogless and any sort of canine com
mands at least $10.
BOISE, Idaho, March 26.— A rush that
in many respects rivals that into theKlon
dike is now onto the Thunder Mountain
gold mines in Idahq. Men are going in
over the snow at great risk, the goal ' of
gold at the end of their Journey beckon
ing them across mountains and through'
gorges where death may come to them
at any moment. . '; . ..• . .'
Special Dispatch. to The Call.
Thousands of Prospectors * Are ' Re
ported to Be Risking Their
Lives in. an Effort to ;
k ; Beach the Mines. ;
Rival of the Celebrated Klon
dike Discovered in v "
Idaho.
Remarkable Rush , to
Thunder Mountain
Gold Region.
E. B/Edson is rated as one of the most
successful - farmers, in Northern Cali
fornia. He. is -a man of ample fortune.
His wealth consists mainly of lands and
cattle. He- is. a. Union veteran of . the
Civil War and a comrade of George H.
Thomas Post," Grand Army, of the Re
public. • ':
To the Editor of the Yreka Journal— Dear Sir:
When I was elected, four years ago, .to the
office of Kallroad Commissioner, after, a resi
dence of thtrty-nlne years In the State of Cali
fornia, I 'undertook to perform the duties of
that office without any design on 'future politi
cal preferment. , Since that election It has fre
quently been suEKe8t e d to me by warm friends
that there was no reason- why 1 should not
aspire - to serve the people • of this State In
more important capacities, ; but believing that
these suggestions were due more to the kind
ness of friendship than *>a knowledge of polit
ical probabilities I have not until recently given
them, very serious, thought. . -Recent happen
ings, however, 'convince ma that the desire that
I should serve the • people ' of this State in a
high .official, position .is founded upon some
thing more widespread than the kindly ap
preciation of my friends. Communications so
numerous that I cannot' possibly reply to them
individually are being, received by me' urging
me to allow . myself to be placed in nomina
tion for- the Governorship, at the meeting, of
the Republican State convention. • These com
munications, from friends and from strangers,
from representative citizens, of all parts of this
State .lead me to the conclusion : that I may
solicit from the people - of this State this dls
tingulslted | honor. : In . : conformity, therefore,
with precedent and custom, I desire to an
nounce in the columns of my home paper that
I shall go before the .Republican State con
vention as a candidate^ for nomination to the
office of Governor , of • the State of California.
Yours very truly. ' -\ ;. ¦ E. B., EDSON.
Gazelle, Cal., March- 24. 1902.
y—U B. KDSON of Slskiyou in plain,
||_7? manly fashion announces that
r"™N he is a candidate ." for the Re
l| lrf^ 3 publican nomination for Gov
ernor of California.. A message
wired from Redding last night gives the
text of Edson's letter, to hls: : home paper,'
the Yreka Journal. v " Following is the an
nouncement: . '-• ...-"'",¦
Before the late General,. TV. H. Sea
mans was appointed to the office of State
adjutant general/ he was the commander
ln-chief of the Army and Navy Republi
can League of California. He and his
associates desiring to . compliment the
Governor christened the Redlands organ
ization "G&ge Camp No. 23." A few days
ago an official letter went from the head
quarters of .the league in San Francisco,
addressed to the comrades, of the Gage
Camp,*. Army; and Navy Republican
League, Redlands. The communication
contained a request that the camp should
elect delegates to : the convention of Re
publican Clubs in- San Jose. Post haste
came back a reply that there was no
Gage Camp in Redlands,. as there were
no Gage men in that locality. The com
mander-In-chief of the league was duly
notified that the name "Gage" ..would
henceforth be tabooed. He was advised
to address future* communications to
"Redlands Camp. Army and Navy Re
publican League*" •'*-.. '
A Campaign Straw.
If Mackenzie should ' lose in the May
election, the county .would be readily
placed in the anti-boss- column, as the
city of San Jose Is the acknowledged
stronghold of • the gang. If Mackenzie
should: win by only a slender margin, the
county would be placed In the doubtful
class. It Is a fact of some political signi
ficance that San Jose and Vallejo are the
only cities of the State that hold munici
pal elections In the spring of each even
numbered year. San Francisco, Sacra
mento, San Diego, Santa Barbara, Stock
ton,' Berkeley, Eureka, Fresno, Oakland,
Napa • and Pasadena elect In . odd-num
bered : years. The Los Angeles municipal
election is held in December of each even
numbered : year. 1 The bosses early in the
campaign saw the opportunity of making
the San Jose municipal election of 1902 a
"Gage straw,", and so began the work of
strengthening the machine in that city.
If the machine should lose in the prelim
inary skirmish. Gage would be dropped
out of the reckoning, because the State
administration has put forward its ut
most strength to fasten boss rule onthat
town.. : >- ¦-¦ ¦¦ ¦ ¦ ¦¦ _¦¦¦ -¦ ¦ • - % .
Stronghold of the Gang.
ONE of the -machine gang, In
• speaking .. of the' prospects of
Gage's renomlnation, recently re
marked:
;"If Johnny Mackenzie fails to
win out in the | San Jose municipal elec
tion in May, iVwlll be all oft with Gage.V
San Jose is regarded a,s the stronghold
of the bosses. The State patronage has
been freely used during the past two
years to strengthen the machine In that
city. More than a year ago the bosses
began to throw out hints that. the spring
election of San Jose in 1902 would be a
test of Gage's strength. There is now a
feeling of apprehension in the. boss camp
that Mackenzie -is over-confident," hence
the remark: "If Johnny loses, it will be
all off. with Gaee." ' "
The success of the Mackenzie organiza
tion in the May election at San Jose will
not place Santa Clara County in the Gage
column. The real battle for supremacy
will take place in August next, when
delegates to the State convention must be
chosen. Moreover, the districts of Santa
Clara County which are not embraced in
the corporate limits of San Jose will have
a voice in the selection of the county dele
gates to the Republican State convention.
Bosses Bending Jheir .Efforts to^ Run a Straw for
Gage jn the San Jose Municipal Election.
Army and Navy; Leaguers Change Camp Name
MEN RACE
OVER SNOWS
FOR RICHES
EDSON FRANKLY MAKES KNOWN
DESIRE TO SERVE AS GOVERNOR
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; THURSDAY, MARCH 27; "1902.
Romance Originating Within Somber Walls of Old
Federal Building Culminates in the Union of a
Government Official and Charlotte S. Schrage
ATTORNEY MARSHALL WOODWORTH
MARRIES PRETTY STENOGRAPHER
5
\\ "I hava used several bottles of Peruna and I feel greatly benefited \\
thereby from my catarrh of the head. I /eel encouraged to believe that < >
if I use it a short time longer I will be fully able to eradicate the disease \ [
of thirty years' standing. 1 "—David Meekison, Member of Congress.
THE season of catching cold ls upon I noticed a change for the better before
us. The cough and the sneeze and the week was over, so I continued taking
the naBartwanff are to be heard on }'¦«£ » I" 0 "" 1 , ith * h ? res " lt that my
every hand. The origin o< .chronic ca- ffiPnlS? SSSS' XLS. 10^
tarrh, the most common and dreadful of head nnd throat. I am most pleased with
diseases, la a cold. , ... my recovery." AUCE M. WALSH.
This Is the way the. chronic catarrh Mrs. A. . Snedeker. Cartersville, t Oa..
generally begins. A person , catches- cold, w f? T te fi_ *v«» w ».
which hangs on longer. than ,,ual The nii^s^c^SS"*
cold generally starts In the head and that I thoupht I would try It and sco
throat. Then follows sensitiveness of the what It would dot »??—
air passages which Incline one to catch for me. My case > «
cold very easily. At lnst the person has is an old one und V^®f8cX "
a cold nil tho while scemlnsly. more or { h hft^ c e ut £°"f m S- j{[^r&L t
less discharge from tho nose, hawklns. to ma now be- C^^^SS^
spitting, frequent clearing of tho throat. C nu«io I havehn.l|
nostrils stojipcd up. full feeling in tho the disease sot Vjjf^ J*I
hend. and sore. Inllnmed throat. lonsr that I have* JJ -j^v <jr-« H
The best time to treat, catarrh ls at the none o f t h e O? "" *V V +
very beginning. A bottle of Peruna prop- Jut ' a" general ' H •-** M '¦
erly used never falls to cure a common rU n-down condl- ¦> \ /
cold, thus preventing chronic catarrh. tion of the -'\iiftv 'jJBBi "
Miss Alice O'Neill. 312 Adams street, whole body-sore^ '/0fiTV—^*33A*w "
Brooklyn. N. Y., writes: .«..•« •- n0He and throat* /WfflK "
"l.cannot say ioo mach in favor of fe. n "d **°S>la ap-t *^ \/$£r^ ¦
runa. About a /ear ago I was complete./ petite, but ray *\J&&7'
worn Jut; had serious cold and a hard *£££,,•£$ ,»£; I Mrs. A. Snedeker. '\\
cough, which seemed to be in danger of af- % em \ i had cornel ¦ I
tectmg my lungs. If my system hnd been down from HO to about 75 pounds In
in a stronger condition it would have been weight. I now feel that I am well of all
much easier to ihrow off this cold but I m W hii° e U many peoplf hfj. 8 bS > SS L o«
could not seem to set any relief until I took chronic catarrh by a single bottle of Pe-
Peruna, and / must say that it did the work runa. yet. as a rule, when the catarrh be-
*A/.»wf<tA/.r within n we t-l- I mulii it>e> n comes thoroughly fixed more than ona
thoroughly. Within a weeK I couia see a boa , Q Js neceagary to complete a cure.
wonderful improvement and I took Peruna p er una has cured cases innumerable of
four weeks and am in perfect health now." catarrh of twenty years' standing. It la
mi ire n'i/cnr the best, if not the only, internal remedy
ALILC U flit ILL. tor C hronic catarrh in existence.
Miss Alice M. "Walsh, 2703 Cedar street, But prevention la far better than cure,
coottie w,<ih writes- : Every person subject to catching cold
Seattle. Wash., writes. should take Peruna at once at the sllght-
¦ ¦ "Last winter I caught a very heavy cold e3 t symptom of cold or sore throat v at
•which settled on my lungs, and I could this season of the year and thus prevent
not get rid of It; also brought on a dls- what is almost certain to end In chronic
agreeable "t^^^J^jS "SSS fbr free book on catarrh, entitled
so much of the. wonderful results from .. Wlnter Catarrh," by Dr. Hartman.
using Peruna that I bought a bottle to "Haalth and Beauty" sent free to women
see ' what the ' result ' would ' be with. ¦ me. only.
COKE! COKE!
Cheap, Clean Fuel for Grates, Fur-
naces and Cooking.
SSlTfJ^ i » \, Quantity. Country orderi,
•oUdted. P. A. McDONALD 8I3 FoUom st
AND TAKE NO OTHER KIND.
Twenty-Five Cent* a Bottle.
FOR OVER SIXTY YEARS
AH GLO AKD WELL-TRIED, REMEDY.
MRS. WWSLOW'i SOOTHING SYRUP
ha* - been used for over SIXTT TE AH8 by
MILUOxs of MOTHERS for their CHILDREN
WHILE TEETHING, WITH PERFECT SUC-
CESS. IT SOOTHES the CHILD. 8OFTEX8
'^V^ MS> ALLAYS all PAIN: CUBES WIND
\Sb ?• an<1 ls the «»« remedy for . DIAK-
JIHUISA. Sold by Drue«rlsts in every part of
the world. Be *ure and ask for
MfiS. WIKSLOW'S EOOTHING SYEUP
••••••••••••••••••••••••a
• \^u>e *&£^' ¦¦¦Z : '.
: Bvcp Thus :
• The even ar.d unvarying •
2 uniformity in the quality, •
• age, purity, flavor of J
i Hunter j
i Whiskey j
2 will be steadily maintains;} and •
• yeaxs hence, it will be zs now, J .
: Always Best :
Z by I
I Every Test - %
m CHEIETT*WISEOOJmiSSIOSOO,Ine, i
• 221&S2iC3»Ufoml»St..S»iirranci»co.C*Ut. ™
• Telephone llain KX m
Ot0fM«e09*Cttl»lt«(«lll«
ADVEB-TISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
High Endorsement. I
Congressman Meekison Gives ' Peruna a
A Remarkable Experience of a Promi-
nent Statesman.
CONGRESSMAN MEEKISON OF OHIO.
— . Hon. David Meekison is well known, not only In his own State, but through-
out America. He began his political career by serving four consecutive terms
as v Mayor of the town in which he lives, during which time he became widely
known as the founder -of the Meekison Bank of Napoleon, Ohio. He was
elected to the Fifty-fifth Congress byVa very large majority, and is the acknowl-
edged leader of his party in his section of the State.
Only one flaw marred the -otherwise complete success of this rising states-
man. Catarrh with its insidious approach and tenacious grasp was his only
unconquered foe. For thirty years he waged unsuccessful Warfare against this
personal enemy. At last Peruna. came to the rescue, and he dictated the toW
lowing letter to Dr. Hartman as the result:
lib-"
with genuine stamped leather
seat, $1.75. If you are refit-
. ting your home with new ;
furniture, carpets, curtains or >:
draperies you ought to see
..our "stock and learn our ,|
' f .Brilliant
'¦^¦^MttindHzBflMiflBUiMBBflHK.
FURNITURE CO.,
338-342 POST STffEET,
¦ Opposite Union Equare.
" - ¦ • • ¦- i"Well, what of It?"
"My opinion is that if the mule was In
good , condition the man didn't say any
thing."—Cleveland Plain Dealer. *-
. "There is a good deal of controversy
just now over the exact words used by
the man who was kicked by a mule."
"For your sake,' Maria? How did you
know my accident insurance policy ex
pired yesterday?"— Washington Star.
"John, dear, the papers are telling: of
another accident to a man that got on a
street car. before it had stopped. For my
sake do be careful.
"You're right," responded the young
man, who had just been accepted; "the
hour is unearthly, sure. enough— it's sim
ply heavenly."— Philadelphia Record.
"Say!" the girl's father called from
above stairs, "this is an unearthly hour
for that young man to be here, Mary.".
One of the managers of a hospital asked
an Irish nurse which he considered the
most dangerous of the many cases then
in the hospital.
sur,' said Patrick, as, he pointed
to a case of surgical instruments lying on
the table.— Tit-Bits. ' ¦'.- ; . > <
y
"Another sign of prosperty," remarked
the optimist, "is that more persons were
married last year than ever^before.^*
"Huh!" snarled the other man. ."There
were more persons living on the earth
last year than ever before."— Washington
Star.- ; ;*;•: -
Next week the lodge will have a field
night — that Is, the members will go in a
body to the California Theater to hear
the latest minstrelsy as . presented by
Field and his company.
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
The lodge will hold a special meeting
Monday night for the purpose of balloting
on the names of. 120 applicants, who made
application before the first of the present
month, when the initiation fee was in
creased from $25 to $50. If all are elected,
and they probably will be, their initiation,
as a class, will be held in the near future.
Covers will be laid for more than 350
guests. The toastmaster will bid them
"eat, drink and be merry" at-7 o'clock in
the evening, and "Auld Lang Syne" will
be called for 4 o'clock the next morning.
•.Everyjtime a prominent : Democrat ' say's 'i the ' Bryan V
craze^isdying^out-B^anbobs'up and; starts' in- to"
show' that he ; is a bigger-craze than ever.
E Senator Tillman has been trying a lecture tour in
assachusetts, and the result has been such that the
lecture bureau men 'Twill 'hardly offer him anything to
make a farewell tour.. His audiences have been small
and the frost great. ;
V AUTOMOBILES— Rider! Citjv:The'auto
mobile record .of the • States . for
longdistanceup to'th'e ifirst of last > Jan-'
uary is: , 82 miles in 3. -hours ilOjnlnutes
between : New Tork and New Haven,-. No
vember 1 21, ; 1901, by S.v. W. Baruch: In 'a
v road vehicle; 225 miles j In 15 ; hours Tand 11
minutes between Newport, R.M.,-and Boa
ton , Mass., by ; H.,,W. - Whlpple,?July,V21,
1901;' in^ a T road vehicle f. 825 miles by ! G.' .W;
Scniles and J. S. Mitchell; between, Toledo
O. ; and ¦ New • Y<5rk;^ 16% days, October 14
30, ;1901. : The .best mile, was by Alex. Win-
j ton,Vat "Detroit, -Mich.,' October' 24, I1901,* 1
in' 1:06 2-3.. , v -
ALL - BUT ONE— S. B. , City. The , de
struction j of • i a i place where • all were ; losi
but a baby you ask about is.no doubt the
city ¦ of " Funch'al; ; island ; of Maderia. On
the 9th of October, 1803, the -city was
swept into' the sea' from a cloudburst 1 ui
the .mountains .behind l^..:i Suchj.was ; the
tremendous ; rush of ; waters that even - the
foundation 'of : houses' down to the native
rocks i were 'carried 'away with the soil,
A' baby 'found' asleep -on "a r wide board
near.' the shore was "only sign -of life
after the; storm. . . . . ¦.";, ' ./; : : ;
ST." LOUIS FAIR— Subscriber, City. The
site selected for the World's Fair j in St.
Louis in 1903 is at the western boundary
of the, city and extends 'over, into the
County of St. Louis, outside the city. The
site includes the west half of Forest Park,
consisting of nearly ,700 acres, J *>the grounds
of the Washington University and contig
uous Iand3, making a- total of- about 12iX
acres, or approximately twice as much as
was ever before devoted to- an exposition.
The members; of the. committee were all desirous
of being understood that this is something they, do
not need to do at' all, that .the treaties become the
supreme law of the land as soon as ratified by the
Senate, and that the concession does not ¦ in" any; way"
impair the treaty-making power* of ; the -President and
Senate. To all this ; it may be said" that: if approval
by the House '¦ does not affect . the ; constitutional val
idity of the treaty, to" withhold such -approval will
leave the treaty \ in force. ; For this reason it is : the
obvious duty of the interests to be traded off, arid in
jured : by- these treaties to continue opposition in the
Senate and; defeat them there if possible. " Otherwise
they, may find-it too late after Senatorial ratification,
for the" House v will be permitted a voice simply on the
principle of comity. V '
THE. Senate lately received a committee report
in favor of its supreme power in ratifying re
ciprocity treaties without any concurrence by
the House. This was to be expected. The two houses
are jealous of their constitutional 1 prerogative, and
neither was ever known to take a back. step. But :as
the Senate approaches action on the reciprocity trea
ties it gives signs of being content with a declara
tion 'of its primacy r.nd of intending' to soothe, the
House by a concession. The foreign Affairs Com
mittee proposes to. amend each treaty to provide that
it "shall take effect when approved 1 by. Congress."
WILL. THE SENATE YIELD ? /
PRIVATE 'OWNERSHIP— A.' -I*- .D.,
City. In the periodical room of Uie'-Free
Library 'In the' City Hair may be; found
a number of articles in' the reviews and
literature of ; the. day that will give con
siderable information on the subject '.oi
private arid public ownership of railroad3.
Such" articles can be discovered by ' con
sulting the index . to be f oUnd .in that
rcom.
We have not kept tally of the Carnegie appropria
tions,' but" they must by this time ' have very nearly
met. the demand for public libraries, and accordingly
we may hope" to hear any day' that the old man is
going to give us something new.
MINTS— H. G. D., City. There never
was a. United States branch mint in the
State of Oregon. In 1792 the parent mint
was established in Philadelphia; in 183c
branches were established at Charlotte
N. C, New Orleans, La.*, and Dahlonega
Ga.; In 1852 at San Francisco, in 18S2 ai
Denver, Col., and in 1863 at Carson City.
THE SANTA . . ROSA— County . Sub
scriber, Paso Robles, Cal. The side lights
on the steamer Santa Rosa are villumi
nated by electricity, but there are ' oil
lamps also that may be used in case of
the electrical current giving out. ;
/As 6ome of the pessimists contend that the im- ;
provements in the conditions of the masses have been
[attained by a sacrifice of capital, that industry is lan
guishing and trade decreasing, the optimists cite
financial returns to prove there has been a gain in
stead of a loss of British capital in recent years. It
appear^ from these statistics that the gross assess
ment for the income tax,. which in 1873 was $2,570,-'
000,000, increased to'. $3,970,000,000 in 1898-90, or by
$1,400,000,000 in twenty-five years, an average annual,
increment of more than. $55,000,000. /The • estates
passing at death, which in 1873 had an aggregate
value of $645,000,000, ?mounted in 1900 to $1,460,000;
000. The total sum passing, through the bankers'
clearing-houses in 1873 was $30,910,000,000; in 1899
it was $45,750,000,000. The amount of .paid-up capi
tal in stock companies, which in /1884 was less than
$2,400,000,000, had become upward of $8,100,000,000,
an increase in sixteen years of $5,700,000,000.
Those figures. certainly show no evidence of decay
in either trade, commerce or finance. Other statis
tics show that since 1873 the capital invested in Brit
ish railways has - by upward of- $2,000^000,-,
cmy.TJie steam .tonnage i.qf, ,the kingdom was; 1,714,-
WHILE the majority of British orators and
writers are grumbling and growling: over
the j war or the decline of commerce and in-;
dustry, there is still a considerable number of optim
ists in the kingdom who contend that the people and.
the empire were 'on the whole never absolutely bet
ter off than they are now. It is conceded that the
growth of the United States and of Germany has
lowered Great Britain's comparative rank, but fig
ures are cited to show that she has grown and is
growing as well as her rivals, and is steadily improv
ing the condition of her people.
As an evidence' of the advancement of the British
masses toward a higher standard of life it is pointed '
out that they pay more rent, have more house room
to the family and eat more rreat.per capita than they
did thirty years ago. Other trade figures show that
the country spends more. annually for clothing than
in the past, and consequently the people must be bet
ter clothed than . they were in the preceding genera
tion. Finally, the educational system has been vastly
extended and improved. Municipal enterprises have
greatly- bettered , the conditions of the poorer quar
ters ~bf cities, while a similar advance has been made
in the improvement of rural dwellings. Being thus;
better housed, 'fed, clothed, educated and trained
than in former years, the average Britisher must be
much better off than his father. -/.
A BRAZILIAN. COIN— Subscriber, San
Jose, Cal. The coin described in letter Is
a copper 40-reis piece' of' Brazil of the
reign of Peter II,' coined in 1832.' Such
coins may be purchased from dealers for
35 cents. / , ' ... ~ ,. , ¦
BRITISH OPTIMISTS.
STRONGEST. FIBER— S.. City.. Silk is
the strongest fiber 'of animal or vegetable
origin. Threads made of It are said. to be
three times as strong as those of a cor
responding size made of flax and twice as
strong as that of hemp. . .
KATIE ON THE STAGE— M." G., Forest
Hill, Cal. - This department has not the
space to reproduce poems ¦ or songs and
for that reason cannot publish the verses
entitled "Since Katie Went on the Stage."
THE KRUGER-A. D., City. The
steam schooner , W. H. Kruger was at
Tillamook on the 24th inst. and was to
sail from that point on that day.
- Chamberlain's bill providing a British working
men's pension system by which . workers - after the
age of 65, will be entitled to a' weekly pension of seven
shillings has passed the second reading in the Gom-
mons, and consequently Chamberlain has recovered
some of his old-time popularity among the working
men.- The bill, however, is still a long way from be
coming law, and with the" war on their hands it is
doubtful whether the taxpayers will be ready. to put'
into operation a plan estimated to cost about $50,000,-
POLL TAX— F. N., City. The law of
, California permits an employer to hold
out of wages and pay the poll tax of
those In his employ. . ,
PHINEHAS-S., City. The Christian
and Biblical name Phir.ehas means bold
countenance, trust or protection.
SUNFLOWER— T. E. D, : , City. It ia In
Kansas that the sunflower is known as
the. State flower. . . ¦
In making these charges against the bubonic
schemers the Mayor has not traveled beyond the rec
ord made public by the press at the time when .the
subject was one of dominant interest, and referred to
many, times since. The courts may find some
ground-tor denying the right of the Mayor to, make
the removal, but if so it will have to be sought, for
in a legal technicality, for certainly in the wrong
done to the community by the bubonic board there
is ample justification for the summary dismissal from
office. flSJga
That statement in itself would be sufficient justifi
cation for the removal of the four officials, but the
Mayor goes on to strengthen it by adding: "Yet
with full knowledge of all the facts' there continue
to be published and given to the world, up to the
present day, under your auspices and authority, re
peated announcements of its continued existence,
and constant reports of new discoveries and 'verifica
tions/ These reports, published in the prominent
medical and lay journals of the world, have done and
are doing our city and State untold damage. They
arc keeping from us a large number of desirable im
migrants and tourists: to a large extent they are
holding back the development of our industries and
interests through the influx of outside capital, and,
with the imaginative prophecies of future augmenta
tion in the number and virulence of the cases, they
arc seriously jeopardizing the future welfare of our
city."'
The Mayor's statement of the reasons and cause
for removing the four officials is terse and strong.
Referring to the reports of the board upon the al
leged bubonic plague cases he says: "Without desir
ing to cast any personal reflection, I find that where
the work of your bacteriologist has been supervised
the same results have not been obtained as when he
has acted alone. Out of thirteen 'suspected' cases
reported before April "8, ioor, and investigated under
your authority, six or seven were pronounced and
published by you as cases of true bubonic plague.
Out of 103 such cases examined between April 8,
1901; and August 27, 1901, under joint investigation
of your board and the State Board of Health, not
one authentic case of plague was discovered. Since
the last-named date, there being no further active
official participation by these physicians in the au
topsies, numerous cases are again reported and pub
lished as true bubonic plague cases."
MAYOR SCHMITZ'S latest movement in the
direction of ridding the city of the' pernicious
survivals of the Phelan administration by
dismissing four members of the notorious Bubonic
Board of Health has-ihe approval of the public cor
dially and well nigh universally given. This sweep of
the Mayor's broom rids the municipality of aset of
officials whose gross blundering — or worse — brought
upon San Francisco a degree of harm whose full ex
tent it is not possible to calculate. The dismissal
winds up a shameful story, and it is to be hoped that
with their departure from office the evil they did will
depart also, and that San Francisco hereafter will
have a clean reputation, so far, at least, as her free
dom from plagues and pestilences is .concerned.
The dismissed officials have sought out an. injunc
tionand will make a fight to retain office. By^doihg
so they serve no other useful purpose than that of
bringing to the test of the courts one of the dis
puted points of the new charter. Perhaps it is just as
well to have" the test made now* and in this way, for
it seems inevitable that every clause of the charter
will have to undergo judicial construction sooner or
later; but if the dismissed officials win, the victory
will avail them little. They were discredited long
before they were dismissed, and since they can ac
complish nothing in office and have not the confi
dence of the people, it would have been, wisdom on
their part to have retired at once, and left legal tech
nicalities to be tested by others.
EXIT BUBONIC BOARD.
lodgerooms, at the corner of But
ter street and. Grant avenue! District
Deputy C. L. Huskies of Stockton Lodge
will preside over the- election. For. some
time there was likelihood of &' contest
over the office of esteemed loyal knight,
but it was finally conceded that the place
should go to J. S. Partridge, an attorney,
who has figured quite prominently 'of late
in the Elks, the Native Sons, the Masons
and the Eastern ; Star. The officers who
will probably direct the affairs of San
Francisco Lodge ' and who. ; will be,in
stalled Into office on the first Friday in
April are: ",-'.'/.,' „¦ = .-,
Percy V. Long:, ' exalted ruler; J: 1 N.* "Odell,
esteemed leading knight:;. J.; S;V," Partridge,
esteemed loyal knight; " H. / McD. ..*' Cameron,
esteemed lecturing knight; Herman Kohn, sec
retary: George E. Hunt; treasurer: John Bro
der, tyler, ana James P. Dunne, trustee.
. The annual banquet of the lodge to its
members will be given in Golden Gate
Hall Saturday night, when the service
will be in keeping with the well-known
reputation x>t the lodge for hospitality.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
THK annual election of officers of
: San Francisco Lodge, Benevolent
and Protective Order of Elks, will
be held to-morrow night • in the
It is gratifying that the festival comes at this sea
son and in this .particular valley. ' It occurs .at the
right moment to bring northward a large proportion'
of the great host. of Eastern people still lingering in
the south, and thus affords us and all Northern Cali
fornia an opportunity to reveal to them what this
section of the State has in the way. of attraction for
pleasure-seekers and assurance for those who are
looking for places in; which; to 'make homes. The
people of the county are working at it, with a deter
mination to make it something more than a passing
frolic. They intend it shall fully illustrate the spring
time beauty and promise of their valley and their
foothills, and make a permanent impression upon the
minds of all who see it. They have had large ex
perience in arranging such entertainments ancThave
both the wealth and the culture required to make
warm-hearted hospitality a thing of grace and beauty.
The visitor to the State who has passed the winter
amid' even the fairest of our southern scenes will
lose much of the glory of this springtime in Califor
nia if he departs without seeing festal Santa Clara in
her robes of blossom. ft ))$'¦•.,
danced amid the flowers- with the light-limbed motion
of; gods' at- play.
The valley is well fitted for such a festival. It is
broad enough for 'ample views of magnificent dis
tances, and yet not so broad but the mountains are
in easy view on either hand, and rise like a sublime
frame to inclose the loveliness of the level lands.
Moreover, at this season of the year the mountains
enhance with especial force the beauty of the, orchard
valley, for they are new gleaming with color from
the emerald, foothills glowing, with the. verdure of
young grass to the purple peaks -swathed in the
mists and clouds of spring. When through the
flowery fields and shaded roads, with" the endless
vistas ' of 'mountain ranges stretching serrated linesito
east and. west and changing in tint and hue with each
hour of the day, the visiting thousands : drive or walk
through/the joyous week of the festival,- the scene will
be/as charming as any that Arcadia ever saw in the
days when Greece was young and the wood nymphs
The fete will be literally a county festival. The
cities and towns may be especially decorated for, the
delight of visitors, but the whole sweep of the rural
districts will be adorned. Nature will take care of.
that. For miles and miles around .'San Jose as a cen
ter the sightseers will ride through avenues embow
ered by shade trees and decorated on either side as
far as the eye can see with the gorgeous glories of
blossoming orchards. , The air will be bright .with
the blooms of innumerable flowers and sweet with a
thousand perfumes, and not 'even in San Jose her
self, with her rich decorations arranged . by artistic
eyes and with lavish hands for the best effects, will
the lover of natural beauty find more delight than
will await him along the well sprinkled highways or
in rural lanes far away, from the crowds.
£->ANTA CLARA COUNTY'S Blossom Festival
promises to open the spring season with a*n at-
traction sufficiently fair and novel to draw to
this section of the State thousands of the tourists and
winter sunshine seekers who are now thronging the
overcrowded hotels of the south.: It has been ar
ranged on, a large scale and will continue for a
week. Each day will present something of novelty
to the visitors, and the abounding hospitality of the
people will make the whole week one of cordial wel
come and uninterrupted pleasure. {¦¦ : '
FESTAL SANTA^ 0LARA.
It is announced that a company with a capital of
$80,000,000 has been organized in New York for the
purpose of handling nothing but corn, and. corn
products. The day when corn was used only for
bread or whisky is gone by. There are now more
than thirty commercial products made of corn and
used in such varied articles as beer, oil, sugar, rub
ber, mucilage, gum drops, wall paper, soap, , ink, 'salad
dressing, pipes and calico. In fact, corn comes very
near being the whole hog In more ways than one.\ ..
.Some arrangement^ should be made to give a re
sponsible officer charge and supervision over the por
ter. From the sleeping car there should be an alarni
system which would summon the conductor of '-the*
train at a moment's notice. It might even be,advis
able to require the company to employ women .to,
look after trie comfort of ladies in the sleeping cars.
Something; at any rate, should be done, for the right
of a woman to travel alone and to be fully protected
everywhere is not to be disputed. The Pullman Xar
Company is enormously rich. It can. well afford to
employ trustworthy officials and adequately protect
its cars. „ It should be made to do "to.
Judging from the frequency of the reports of oft
fenses of one kind or another committed against
women in the Pullman cars it would seem that the
company exercises 4 little or no care in the selection
of the men to whose protection their passengers are
to be intrusted. Their one object appears to be to
get cheap men, or men who are willing to work for
what they can get out of the passengers in the way
of tips. Consider what must have been the reckless
ness of the company which would put in charge of a
car where women are asleep at night such a brute as
he who committed the outrage at La Junta.
The situation of a woman in a Pullman car at. night
is peculiar. The car is a traveling sleeping-room, to
which the porter has access at all hours. A simple
curtain separates him from the sleeping passenger.
Virtually the porter occupies the position of a man
in a woman's bedroom watching over her all night.
The temptations to ruffians to take advantage of un
protected women arc therefore many and strong.
Women have awakened in the night to find the-por
ter gazing at them. Sometimes they have awakened
to find him attempting to commit robbery. If when
such things occur the car be well filled and there are
men among the passengers the woman is in no dan
ger of anything further than a petty robbery, but if
she be alone the danger is .great.
Such gross crimes as that committed at La Junta
are infrequent, but lesser offenses committed by Pull
man car employes are cominon. Rarely does a week
pass without some report of a serious crime com
mitted or attempted in the sleeping cars; but these
do not by any means constitute the whole of the,of
fenses to which; women are subjected when trav
eling alone and exposed by some chance to the in
solence, of the porters. Most of the offenses, in fact,
arc never reported, as the women shrink trom the in
evitable notoriety' that would .follow.
It not infrequently happens that on the long
stretches across the desert there are times when
women are almost alone in the sleeping cars. On
some occasions many hours pass before new passen
gers enter, and 'during the f whole of that time the
lonely women have no protection whatever against
the car porter. The bell which is supposed to sum
mon assistance to any one who wishes it rings* not
for the conductor of the train, but for the car porter
himself. Consequently when he or any confederate
is engaged in the wrongdoing the ringing of the bell
calls no help whatever. The passenger is alone and
has no other defense than what she can make by her
unaided, efforts. ¦<'."
B" Y "the atrocious outrage committed by a Pull
man car porter 1 at La Junta upon an aged
woman traveling alone public attention is
once, more directed to the dangers that, menace
women traveling without escort and relying' for pro
tection upon the officers and employes of the sleep
ing cars. It is a danger of such 'seriousness as to
merit something more than a passing notice, and it
is high time" some, authority were invoked to com
pel the Pullman Car Company to afford ample pro
tection where at present there is little or no protec
tion at all.
PULLMAN OAR P0RTER&
SAN FRANCISCO LODGE OF ELKS
PREPARES FOR ANNUAL ELECTION
PROMINENT ELKS WHO "WILL, j
PROBABLY BE ELECTED TO \
OFFICE. ¦>
Fur-Bearing Animals Disappearing.
In the opinion of the Governor the
Alaskan "fur trade is doomed to extinc
tion. The sea otter and the fur seal ara
fast disappearing. The beaver has been
driven to the remote districts. The Arctlo
fox, the bear and the mink seem to be
the only fur-bearing animals -which, are
still found in considerable numbers in
Alaska. The enacting of a stringent game
law by Congress', In order to afford better
protection to the moose, caribou, deer and
other large game, is advocated.
Ex. strong hoar hound candy. To wnsend' a.*
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 230 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 1042. *
Townsend's California glace fruit. SOo a
pound,' in fire-etched boxes .or* Jap. bas
kets. A nice present for Eastern friends.
C39 Market st., Palace Hotel building. -•
By those an<T other statistics ; drawn from official
Sources the British optimists certainly make a good
argument for their case and a good showing for their
co'untry. Great Britain of course cannot continue to
hold the pre-eminence in the ; world which'.was hers
after the fall of Napoleon./ That rank in "the future
will. belong to the United States, but there seems no
reason for any sane Briton to grumble about the
prospect.' They have only. to avoid such foolish wars
of aggression as that 'now being waged in South
Africa to find; an abundant.prosperity in industry and
•commerce.
oco tons in \1873 and had increased to 7;20&\ooo tons in*
I9do. ' The 'capital on deposit; in "savings banks, in
trustees' savings banks, and in.Government stock pur
chased through savings banks was; less than $310,000,
000 in 1873, but was $955,000,000 in 1899. The capital
of workmen's . co-operative . societies grew ' from
$37,000,000 in 1883 to $132,000,000 in 1899; .the funds
of the principal trade'; unions, which in 1892 were
$8,000,000, amounted to just double that sum seven
years later. . , \ -
THURSDAY I . V. ". ; ...>.MARCH '27, 1902
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor. l\
Kims All CennuaicttioM to W. B. LEAKE, Xintgtr.
MAXAGEn'S OFFICE .Telephone Press 204
PUBLICATION OFFICE... Market and Third, S. F.
, '•.' Telephone Press 201.
EDITORIAL ROOMS.... > 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Press 202.
Delivered by Carriers, 15 Cents Per Week.
-'¦¦¦ . Simple .Copies, 5 Cents.
Termi'bjr -Mull, Including; -Postages
DAILY CALL (including: Sunday), one year $6.00
DAILY CALL (including Sunday), 6 months 8.00
DAILY CALL (including Sunday), 3 months ....V... 1.50
DAILY CALL— By Single Month.... ....\,. 65c
• SUNDAY CALL, One Tear >, 1.50
WEEKLY CALL. One Year ."1.00
All postmasters are authorised to receive
subscriptions.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
Mail subscribers in ordering change of address should be
particular to sive both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAIvLAAD OFFICE . .1118 Broadway
C. GEOIIGI2 ICIIOGXESS.'
Kcctgtr Fcrrign Aurtrtitisg, Mtrq««tt« Buildla-;, Chictjj.
(Lone Distance Telephone "Central 2C10.")
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C CARLTON Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE: \
STEPHEN II. SMITH .10 Tribune IlulMlnor
CHICACO NEWS STANDS: »1 ..*
Sherman House ; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont Houm; Auditorium Hotel.
\VAS1I1\<.TO\ (I>. C> OFFICE. . . .1400 O M., 2V. W.
MOUTOX IS. CHAMi, Correspondent.
NEW TORK NEWS STANDS: /¦
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brcntano, SI Union Square;
Murray Hill Hotel. • - '\ *
BRANCH OFFICES— -527 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until 0:30 o'clock. 200 Hayes, open until 0:30 o'clock, tns
McAllister, open until 0:30 o'clock. 015 Larkln. open until
0:S0 o'clock, 1JK1 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. £201
Market, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 109« Va
lencia, open until 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 0
o'clock. NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, oi>en
until 9 o'clock. 2200 Flllmore. open until » p. m.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAL.V THURSDAY^ MARCH .27, 1902:
6
AMUSEMENTS.
Alcazar — "On and Off."
Columbia — 'The Christian." ;
Orpheum — Vaudeville. " >i*
Grand Opera-house — "La To«ca."
Fischer 1 * Theater— "Uttle Christopher."
California — "The Denver Express."
Tlvoli — "The Serenade."
Central — "The Man-o'-"Warsman."
Mechanics' Pa\-Illon — Norris & Howe's Bis Shova.
Eherman-Clay Hall— Song Recital. Tuesday night, April 1.
Oakland Racetrack— Races to-day. ' ¦ -
Sunday Call's
Great Easter Edition.
I J Resplendent in I |
I I Beautiful Colors I J
1 I And Unsurpassed in Articles I 1
I I ' of Human Interest Apper- 1 |
I j taining tothe Glorious Easter I I
I I 1 A ' 'Special' Section . | I I
III For Women Readers. | | I
I A:\-t. "'-¦' - . "! • fc " """• J . S
H — 11— mibiwum^j. mil- J fi
TfiHunninimi ii'irnn^iiimiii iv^iniiiii^ifl iii^nm ¦iihhh njy^a Wi ifci i i '¦- i - fJ ~k.-^^ >
Tout Harch 30, 1902. Price 5c a Copy. |
|£ ¦'¦^¦-•;: Order Now. JLONDON,' March 20. — The I House ot Com
mons, after a brief session, to-day adjourned
until April 7 for the Easter holidays.
• - i
Sailors' Demurrer Is Overruled.
' United States District Judge de Haven
yesterday overruled the demurrer of the
defendants in the :case- of ' "th.e United
States vs. Charles Pickett and three other
sailors of the bark Reaper, Indicted for
refusing to obey the orders of Captain
Olsen when the bark was lying in the har
bor of Manila.. - -'—I
¦ President and" treasurer, A. Sbarboro; first
vice president, J. P.' Currier; second vice pres
ident. It. R. Mead; third rice president, Charles
K. Allen; secretary and manager, Charles E.
Bancroft; directors — Charles R. Allen. "W. F.
Bowers. "William J. Casey. Charles H. Crocker,
J.' P. Currier, Edward Ererett, M. J. Fontana.
C. A. Malm, L. R. Mead, A. C. Rulofson and
A, Sbarboro. f . " ¦
• The following named officers for the en
suing year were elected without opposi
tion:
The annual' meeting of the Manufac
turers' and Producers' Association was
held at the Mills building yesterday. Pres
ident Sbarboro submitted an extended re
port of the work of the organization dur
ing the past year. It was shown that a
great deal of good had been, done for
many important interests of the State,
particularly in the line of securing fayor
able national legislation. Plans for "fu
ture work were also presented and com
mented, upon. :
•-.Several new firms were admitted to
membership. President Sbarboro was ap
pointed as a delegate to represent the as
sociation on the promotion committee of
the California State Board of Trade In the
work for the development of the . central
and northern parts of the State.
Manufacturers' and Producers* Asso
ciation Holds Annual Meeting and
Election of Officer's. "
LABORS OP PAST YEAB.
SHOW GOOD *BESXTLT3
That the sald'Gustavua L. Spear, ose. 10, nin
gle, nativity San Francisco, occupation florist,
residence 1729 Broadway, . San Francisco, Cal.,
came to his death on March 20. . 1902, at 1729
Broadway, from gas ¦ asphyxiation — accidental
death. * ; ~...'. ->•¦ , . . - ¦•¦-;--.¦.<¦ . -
No testimony tending to show that Gus
tavus L. Spear, the. 19-year-old son of
Mrs. Mary A. Spear, had committed 'sui
cide by gas asphyxiation in his mother's
home at 1729 Broadway was developed
yesterday at the Coroner's inquest. The
testimony taken was of the most common
place order. Nellie Gallagher, the young
woman . to whom the deceased was en
gaged, took the stand, dressed in deep
mourning, and gave her testimony with
out the least showing of emotion. 3
Mrs. . Laura L. Buffandeau, an aunt of
the deceased, was the first witness called,
and she reiterated the statements hereto
fore made. . Mrs.. Mary . A Spear. . tho
mother of the deceased, was too 111 to ap
pear in court, and in her deposition, read
by Coroner. Leland, said the only objec
tion she had to her son marrying was his
youth and inability to earn enough to Bup
port a wife. She advised him, she said,
to wait, and he took the . advice in good
part. /
Nellie Josephine Gallagher said she had
known young Spear for five years and
they had been engaged for two' years. She
saw him on the Tuesday preceding -his
death; but said that he never gave the
least intimation of committing suicide.
She. thought his death was due to acci
dent.
The following verdict was brought in
by the . Coroner's jury and signed by all
the members thereof:
Gustavus L. Spear Committed
f Suicide. i
No Testimony Is Given to Show That
COSONER'S JTJKY SAYS'
DEATH WAS ACCIDENTAL
Sue Ho Mon was a victim of consump
tion and had been very despondent of
la.te. He was kept' under, close surveil
lance, as It was not the first time he had
attempted to end -his life.
Sue Ho Mon, a notorious Chinese high
binder, committed suicide yesterday morn
ing by- swallowing a dose of. opium, bo
lie ved' to ; have been smuggled Into his cell
at thVCounty jaU by a friend y when call
ing to see him.' He was found uncon
scious in his cell by Guard Dasher about
7.' o'clock and was at orice sent to the
Central Kmergency Hospital, where ha
died afew-hours later. . • '
Sue Ho Mon had a long and varied
criminal career. When /'Little Pete" was
murdered In a barber's shop in Chinatown
about three years ago it was suspected
that Sue was one of the men who fired
the fatal shots at him. •
January 6, 1900, Sue Ho Mon and Lew
Fook were arrested for the murder ot
¦Wong Yun. June 21 Lew Fook was con
victed and sentenced to life imprison
ment, but the jury disagreed as to Sue
Ho Mon's guilt. He was again tried and
on November-- 22 was convicted - ot man
slaughter and sentenced to nine yearB in
San Quentin.. -
Su* Ho • Mon and Ho Mon were also
charged with the murder of Wong Goey.
At the first trial before Judge Lawlor on
November 28, 1900, the Jury disagreed. At
the second trial on April 27 last the jury
again disagreed and the third trial was
tet fo? next Monday. ,
Sentenced for One Murder
: 5 and Awaiting Trial for
Sue Ho Mon, a Notorious
V Highbinder, Commits \
"Suicide. ']$:¥'
SWALLOWS OPIUM
IN PRISON CELL
Death Claims Mrs. Stone.
¦ Mrs. Lydia A. Stone, an 3 estimable
lady of Mary svllle, died at her ' residence.
943 Geary street, yesterday morning,
aged 33 years. The body will be shipped
to Marysvllle and will be Interred in the
Catholic Cemetery this afternoon.
Carlotta Quackenbush cannot secure
any of the property of Thomas Quacken
bush, the deceased capitalist, by decision
of the Supreme Court. The contest haa
been carried on In the courts for about
four years, but the dispute is now finally
settled. The suit was originally an ac
tion In equity to annul deeds to certain
property made by the capitalist to hla .
daughter, Esther E. Swortnguer.
The only point at issue wa3 whether
Carlotta was legally entitled to call her
last name Quackenbush. The lower court
decided that she was not. Her claim of
marriage to Quackenbush was based
principally on an allged contract which
was saH to have been written in Decem
ber, 1ST6. She said she lost the contract
for thirty-two years and at last found it
between the leaves of a. book of poetry.
That was after Quackenbush had died.'
The evidence showed that she had lived
with the deceased for about thirteen,
years. At the time she claimed to be the
wife of Quackenbush it was shown that
she was known as Mrs. Dawson.
/The Supreme Court holds that in view
of the conflicting- evidence, no action can
be taken toward reversing the decree of
the lower court. It is finally decided
therefore that the plaintiff was never the
wife of Thomas Quackenbush. '.-;;.
Swortfiguer Is Entitled to the
Quackenbush Property.
Supreme Court Decides That Esther
CABLOTTA LOSES irTGHT
FOB NAME AND FORTUNE
¦*.* NORWALK, ;¦; Ohio, : March ¦ 20.— Thomas 7 Ma
hon, former . postal : clerk and prominent , Demo
cratic politician, was found on the- road this
morning- dead with a broken neck. c;it Is sup
posed that ' he fell .: from an attack of apo
plexy.. - '•' ¦•' i ¦ ¦'-: ':¦•¦¦¦¦...¦ ,:••--,, :
The : Edge of Your. Drop' Skirt
needs '¦', protection: from wear even more
than '¦;. your , dress •« skirt. \ S. ¦ H. & M. ' is
stamped; on- the back of the^ best skirt
binding - made. ¦: -. * • •
/Jean Darrell.aged 22 years, residing at
239 Pest street,' has made: two attempts
to end her life. On^ Tuesday, night after
her. censort, the son of a; wealthy San
Francisco merchant, had left her room,
the two having quarreled,: the : smell; of
escaping gas attracted the attention of
the landlady,' Mrs. -Lang, who,- on going
to the room, turned off the 'gas and' ad
monished • her . roomer ¦ against repeating
the experiment The girl remained in her
room cobbing and . crying during :.the
night, and again attempted: suicide-by
swallowing a dose of ' corrosive subli
mate. She was - taken to the Emergency
Hospital, ; where Dr. Weyer administered
restoratives and ' soon ! had her • in her nor
mal condition. Later in the - afternoon
she was 'taken- away in a hack jby.va", fe
male acquaintance.;. .Before leaving the
hospital ehe confessed that Darrell is not
her proper name. V.
Twice Attempts Suicide.
The -Coroner's Jury In the case, of
Nathan Jacobs, who died March 20 at his
residence, . 326 j Haight street, returned a
verdict j of suicide. : The.widow of the de
cedent testified that a short ¦time before
her. husband's death' he and she quarreled
because sho objected to" his having loaned
money to < a. friends whom she . considered
irresponsible.', Jacobs ran out of the house
in anger and < she . followed ¦ him to ¦ induce
him : to return." because she was aware i of
the delicate 'state of his health. She lost
him at: the' intersection,, of Haight' and
Market streets and Immediately returned
to , the house. -When- she ¦ arrived them
she found him lying asleep, but - did not
attempt to disturb • him until five minutes
after, midnight, when she found him dead.
He had 'taken prusaic acid. ••
Deadlv Prussic Acid.
Money Matters and He' Swallows
The Couple Disagree Concerning
NATHANi JACOBS' .WIDOW
: V .TEI/LS ABOUT A QTJARBEL
The clerks and attaches of the Union
Trust Company wereltreated to a.pleas
ant surprise | yesterday. I. W. I Hellman
Jr. gave every one connected with the
bank a handsome present. -Nobody was
overlooked and Mr. Hellman Informed the
recipients that he had given them this
token in appreciation of the splendid man
ner in which they had handled their share
of the Baltimore syndicate deal. .
About 250 stockholders of the. Market
Street Railway Company were paid at the
offices of the Union Trust Company yes
terday. I. W. Hellman Jr., said last even
ing. that the amount paid out was
$5,250,000. \ -
The first affirmative will be taken by
WilllamA." Breen, and the first negative
by Joseph Farry." -After an orchestral
selection, Joseph W. Beretta will" speak
as second affirmative, and William A.
Kelly . as second negative. Edward J.
O'Day will follow, with. an original essay.
The programme will conclude wlthl.the
playing • of the "Anniversary March" by
the Colleee Orchestra. ¦ I '.'.
' James 13. Feehan, chairman of the even
ing, will make a few remarks, explaining
the scope of the debate, and will be fol
lowed by Frederick, J. Churchill in a read
ing. The subject of the debate will be "Re
solved, That' the fifteenth amendment to
the United States constitution— "The right
of citizens of the United States to vote
shall not be denied or abridged by 'the
United States or by any State, on account
of race, 'color, or previous condition. of
servitude, and Congress shall have power
to enforce this article by appropriate leg
islation'—should be repealed."
-'¦¦¦' ¦' ~~. — — : — ¦ ¦ •
.The Philhistorlan Debating " Society of
St. . Ignatius College has issued, invita
tions for its yearly debate, to be held in
the college hall next Wednesday | even
ing. : The programme will be highly In
teresting from an Intellectual . nolnt : of
view and will be opened with a selection
from "Florodora,". played by the College
Orchestra, under the direction of Rev.
Father Allen.. ,
Union Trust Company
Pays Coin for Street
Railway Stock. >
Philhistoriang of St. Igna
tius College to
Entertain.
William Levy, manager of the Midway
Plaisance, who was convicted of a charge
ot selling liquor without a license, ap
peared for sentence before Judge Caban
iss yesterday. The Judge sentenced him
to pay a fine of $300. which is the heaviest
cn record for such an offense. Notice
of appeal was at once given.
Levy Heavily Fined.
Zeno Thomas, d colored messenger boy
for the Owl Drug Company, was attack
ed by four young men on Sixth street on
Tuesday night, and drew a knife to de
fend himself. Henry O'Brien, Frank
Knott and Charles Crely were arrested
and charged with battery upon Thomas.
They appeared before Judge Cabaniss
yesterday, and the testimony was so con
flicting that the Judge dismissed the cases.
He thought Thomas was Justified in us
ing his knife when attacked by superior
Colored Boy Uses Knife.
THE ChriBtlan," at the Columbia
Theater, is one of the most marked
successes of the dramatic season.
Edward Morgan is seen at his best ~
. ..a* John Storm, and gives a strong,
finished and convincing rendering of the
part Chief in his support is Miss Elsie
Leslie, who, as Glory Quayle, is a con
stant pleasure, and with Mr. Morgan
succeeds In getting an atmosphere of com
plete realism into Hall Caine's pinchbeck
drama. The rest of the cast is well in
tune and the interest begins with the first
words of the play and does not end until
the last.
, ' • • •
The thrills of "La Tosca" are keeping
Grand Opera-house audiences on the qui
vlve this week, and Melbourne MacDowell
and Florence Stone are sharing honors in
the play's rendering. The piece is excel
lently staged and! is crowding the house
to its capacity. Next week "Theodora"
will be put on, with Miss Stone as the
Empress and Mr. MacDowell in the part
of Andreas.
The TTvoli announces the last week of
The California Theater's queer show,
"The Denver Express," Is drawing only
thoBe . "who come to scoff and remain to
bray." It is a gem, a complete manual
of the art of what to avoid In play writ-
Ing.
Al G. Field's greater minstrels will
come In on Sunday night and this excel
lent band of the lights of minstrelsy will
be very welcome. All kinds of good peo
ple are to come with them.
INVITE FRIENDS
TO HEAR DEBATE
EASTERN MONEY
CHANGES HANDS
The sale of seats for the song recital by
Max and Julia Helnrich at Sherman-
Clay Hall next week will begin at .Sher
man, Clay & Co.'s music 'store Saturday
morning at 9 o'clock.
The Norris & Rowe big trained animal
show is packing the Mechanics' Pavilion
every afternoon and - evening. The last
performance will be given' on Sunday.
Despite the fact that this is Holy Week,
the Orpheum is packed at every perform
ance. Frank Lincoln, the humorist; Pa
plnta; Simon, Gardner and company In
"The New Coachman," the Melanl trio,
Gorman and Kepple,r, Fanny Rice, Hedrix
and Prescott and the Toulouslan Trouba
dours malce up an attractive programme.
Next week come Mr.- and ; Mrs. . Sidney
Drew and other clever entertainers.
"Little Christopher" Is. pleasing Fisch
er's patrons with 'its merry nonsense,
bright songs . and F clever acting. Pilar
Morin, Lillian Cpleman and Harry Herm
sen are taking, care of the larger part of
it and are well supported. The manage
ment announces a season of the original
Weber & Field's productions. ;..: •
"The Man o* Warsman," the naval
melodrama at the Central Theater, has
bombarded its noisy way into high favor
with the Central 'patronage.*- There will
-be a new,melodrama put. on next- week,
with the attractive title of "The Sleeping
City," that is • said to have met with a
profitable interest in New York and the
• road cities.
• • »
"On and Off" Is still doing good busi
ness at the Alcazar Theater.; Next weeK
"Brother John," Martha Morton's bright
comedy, will be. seen. Other Alcazar gos
sip concerns the revival of "Madame But
terfly" on April 7;- the premiere _of
Charles Francis Bryant's and Mrs.. L. C.
Day Coleman's • play, "When | the Heart
Was' Youns," and the • Florence Roberts
summer season, which will open with
"Zaza."
"The Serenade," beginning- next Monday.
There seems , to be no reason to change
the bill, to Judge by the size of the audi
ences, only that the Tivoll has some more
good productions on the cards for the
comic opera' season. "The Serenade" has
made a pronounced hit. .
ACTRESS WHO IS SUPPORT*
ING EDWARD MOROAN, AND
LEADER OF MINSTRELS.
An ettort will be made to have a street
fair on Van Ness avenue, where them
shall be exhibited the products of every
county, and also to have headquarters,
from which shall be distributed reliable
literature and information concerning the
counties.
There is under consideration a proposi
tion for a grand literary and musical en
tertainment for the benefit and entertain
ment of the visiting strangers and an
other of a monster excursion on the bay N
to give the strangers an idea of the im
mensity of one of the grandest harbors
in the world-
Press headquarters will be opened in
the ofiice of the grand keeper of records
and seal in the St. Ann's building and
general headquarters will be opened,
where all who feel an interest in tne ap
proaching convention may obtain Informa
tion. ...........
It has been suggested to the general
committee that there should be a night as
well as a. day parade during the week
and, if possible, a review at tne Presidio,
or in the park.
The parade committee will soon be
named and it will lay out a line of march
for the 8000 or Nj.000 Knights of the Uni
form Hank to follow.
Tne executive committee will shortly
announce its sub-committees. A. G. tiootii
haa been cnosen chairman of the hotel
and accommodation committee and he
will select his assistants, who will be re
quired to Interview about 600 people, wnu
can provide quarters for the 7u,uOU who
will i>e . here uunng Pythian weeK.
There was a meeting In Pythian Castle
last Tuesday night to take action on the
matter of collecting the money which will
be required to entertain the large number
of Pythlans and their .relatives and
friends who, according to figures . already
obtained, will crowd this cay next Au
gust. There were nearly 1W present and,
after listening to the following named in
relation to the matter,, there, was aroused
an enthusiasm In favor. "of prompt and
active work by. every Pythian that ha3
seldom been evinced by men engaged In
a liKi undertaking. ¦"•".'
Tne speaKera »ero Walter C. Graves,
A. <j. ' nooih, Samuel Seymour, G. A*.
Woodward, jacub Samuels, M. ¦ Wiesen
hutter, L. iS. isiumenoerg, t£. W. Laugen
bach, rf. B. MaggB.iH. i*. Merntt, Cnarles
ftmivy and isi. aeiiiessiuger. i
. \>hen me announcement was made that
It would require energetic men to canvass
the business district tlrst lor suDscriit
uons, sixty volunteered j and agreed to
lurnish an assistant each. One, who Is a
resident cf bacramento/ agreed to remain
here ten days ami take a subscription
list and go among a .certain class of mer
cnants; unotner agreed to visit tne banks,
others to go to hotels, boarding houses,
lousing houses and restaurants. All the
volunteers were enrolled.
Some Suggestions for the
Entertainment of the
J M 70,000 Visitors; '
Preparing, for the Con
vention to Be Held
- in August.
ACTIVE PYTHIANS
STARTING WORK
THE SAjST FRAOSrCISGO ¦ CAXL, v THURSDAY, MARCH 27, 1902.
"The Christian" Is One of Season's Best ; Attrac-;
V ; Stone, Draws Some Record-Breaking Houses
MISS LESLIE AND MORGAN GIVE
REALISM TO HALL CAINE'S DRAMA
7
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I TO GALL SUBSCRIBERS ONLY. ]
| Every person contracting to take the "CALL" for six (6) months can_ secure a •
I 615.0O Set of V I
2 "OUR ISLANDS AND THEIR PEOPLE' I
I For$3.20. I
9 Cannot be bought elsewhere for less than the regular subscription price of $\ $• S
• An invaluable addition to every Ilbpary! 2
8 An ornament to any drawing room! S
8 A source of instruction and entertainment for old and young, $
© yielding the delights of travel \\ ithout its inconveniences. •
o 1 ii lL, v-( r\ fLt JL* «Z) JjF Civ-driL v/i 1 HLi\« %
3, AS SEEN WITH CAMERA AND PENCIL. j;
• ; \ V INTRODUCED BY : ¦ )|
8 MAJOR=QENERAL JOSEPH WHEELER, I
S - . • . . * TTISTTTFT"* CTATT75 AT?AT"V !
« With Special Descriptive Matter , and Narratives by j!
2 ";¦• '; The Noted Author and War. Correspondent. 1 f ( \
9 Author of ."The Trocha Telegraph," "The Curse of Lopez," "The Last of The Anguilles," and other West Indian 4 >
S EMBRACING PERFECT PHOTOGRAPHIC AND DESCRIPTIVE REPRESENTATIONS OF THE ||
S; PEOPLE^AND THE ISLANDS LATELY ACQUIRED FROM SPAIN, INCLUDING HAWAII [
S- AND THE PHILIPPINES; ALSO THEIR MATERIAL RESOURCES AND PRODUC- ©
© TIONS. HOMES OF THE, PEOPLE, THEIR. CUSTOMS GENERAL AP- O
• ¦!' PEARANCE, WITH MANY HUNDRED VIEWS OF LANDSCAPES, <?
• RIVERS. VALLEYS, HILLS AND MOUNTAINS, SO COM- •
2 v PLETEAS TO PRACTICALLY TRANSFER THE ISL- S
g ' / ANDS AND THEIR PEOPLE TO THE ©
2 With a special consideration of the conditions that prevailed (before the declaration of war, by Senators Proctor,^
x Thurston,, Money and /numerous prominent writers and correspondents. ; and a comparison with conditions u y
q they mow exist. ¦
9' r ¦"¦¦.-.' • Edited and: arranged by •
S "-;.>;•; "WM. S. BI^TST-A-IT ,: %
5 v - Author of ?"Footprints of^^ the World's j History," ."Heroes andHeroines of America," "America's War for Hu- •
•, . manity," Etc., Etc.; •'. ¦<¦ -' '• ''"¦¦'• "j-- •
J ' PHOTOGRAPHS BY 2
| WALTER B. TOWNSEND, FRED YY. TOUT, GEO. E. DOTTER AND OTHERS. g
3 ( COMPLETE IN TWO QUARTO VOLUMES. %
J ; \ REGULAR- PRICE $15.00 PER .SET. SPECIAL TO CALL READERS $3.20 PER SET J
A Superbly; illustrated \wi th' more than Twelve Hundred '. Special. PhotORraphs', Colortypes and new Colored Map* S
List of Goofl Usefl Pianos
to Go at Less Than |
Half Price. ¦
During th'e past few days we have re-
ceived a large number of used pianos in
part payment for new Kimball and other
makes. We want to find homes for these
various second-hand pianos before the
dose of the week, and will sell them for
less than half their regular values. Take
this Kmerson square piano for. ?40— an-
other for $27; a Fischer, in excellent con-
dition, for $45, another, $65; An Use 11, very
fine tone, $50; Stodart, $25; Chickering, $35,
and many others. Terms $3 a month if
you like. ¦ '
Also two good upright pianos as good
as new; one in fancy mahogany, used
two years, fanciest Emerson make, $163:
another not so fine for $125.
Remember our sale of brand new regu-
lar $450 styles for $286 and $300 styles for
$186 and $183 now going on. These are
latest style, fully warranted instruments,
and if your home is without a good piano
you can't alford-to overlook this offering
POMMER-EILERS MUSIC COMPANY
wholesale piano dealers, 653 Market
street, opposite the Lotta Fountain. -
AMTTSEMEtrTS.
MAX HEINRICH,
BASSO AND PIANIST. .';
JULIA hElvRICH,
CONTRALTO. ,
—AT-
SHERMAN & CLAY HALL. NEXT TUES-
DAY NIGHT. APRIL 1.
Richard Strauss' Enoch Arden Melodrama and
Song: Recital.
Next Thursday Night, April 3^-8ong Recital.
Saturday Afternoon, April 6 — Programme to ba
' . Announced Later. ' .^ .
Reserved Seats, 75c. $1.00 and $1.60. at Sher-
man, day & Co.'« Next- Saturday. Complete
programmes can be obtained.
H§^^ RAGING
~3^"^^**sr'* Every Week Day—
"» Rain or. Shine.'
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
OAKLAND ; RACETRACK.
Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
Ferry-boat leaves San Francisco at i2 m. and
12:30, 1, 1:30, 2, 2:30 and 3 p. m., connecting
with trains stopping' aft the entrance : to the
track.. Last two 'cars on train reserved for
ladles and their escorts; no smoking. Buy your
terry tickets to Shell. Mound. All trains via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenue
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway, Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alameda mole con -
/nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
and Broadway, 'Oakland. These electric cars
go direct to the track In fifteen minutes. - ¦ -
Returning — Trains leave the . track "at 4 :15
and 4:45 p. m. and Immediately after the last
race. MbWcslVP*aMBMflBB*W>nf
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR., President
CHARLES F. PRICE. Secy, and Mkt. |
ADVEETISEMEBTTS.
THE TRICK
¦ " X X XI— * X IMV^IVt
WM TRICK may involve deceit or it may
||P^ be a display of peculiar skill. There
deceit in some soaps, but 'there is
none in Ivory Soap; it is a display of pecu-
liar skill. It will stand any test and can be
relied upon to do all that is claimed for it
j IVORY SOAP IS 99 4^» PER CENT. PITRE.
copmWHT im» »t tm« motru a «*»n.t co. eiwiimm
oLvhsatr sTM*
Belasco & Than, Managers.
K GREAT HIT!
TO-NIGHT an* All Week — Lc«t Nights.
The Brishtect end Cleverest Comedy TUls Year.
EEE THE PHONOGRAPH THAT ACTS!
A FtHP?* SHOW— A GREAT CAST.
Kcets on Sale Six Days in Advance.
PRICES ..v.ISc, 25c, S5c. 50c and 75c
y<-it 'Week — "BROTHER JOHN." .
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
The Greatest Naval Drama Ever Written,
THE M-AN-O'-
WARSMAN.
AX ACTUAL NAVAL BATTLE.
A Wonderful and Inspiring Scene.
Startling Climaxes. Thrilling Situations.
DDirpC Evenings 10c. 15c. 25c. 35c. 50c
ffil'Lj Matinees 10c. -15c 25e
Next Week— "THE SLEEPING CITY."
Powell Street, near Market.
CF A T*^ F 011 ALL REMAINING
mi~r%- 1 O PERFORMANCES now ready.
Every Night. Including Sunday.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
THIS and NEXT WEEK.
ENORMOUS SUCCESS
T U 1~* LIEBLER & CO.'S
I rir, IMMENSE PRODUCTION,
" *"f Hall Caine's Great Play.
CHRISTIAN.
EDWARD MORGAN
As John Storm (his original role).
Assisted ty ELSIE LESLIE as Glory Quayle.
Coming— E. S. WILLARD. In -The Cardinal."
| FISCHER'S THEATER |
O'Farrell. bet. Stockton and Powell Streets.
Telephone^Main 231. . '
MAYOR SC MITZ CANNOT MAKE
A\Y CHANCES IN OU* AT- .
TirNDANCE.
The public will come to *ee a. good thing, and
that i* what
1 LITTLE CHRISTOPHER*!"}
Has proven . itself to be.
Curtain calls lor everything last night
throughout. Try one of our Matinees, on Sat-
urday and Sunday, at 25 cents. Children only
10 cents et Matinees.
Forty mechanics are at work upon the great >
Weber end Pield's Plays. It will eome to you I
like a New York Blizzard, and the prices will '
keep on, at 25c and 50c a night. ¦
PACKED EVERY NIGHT.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY. '
Phenomenal Success of
MELBOUHNE MACDOWELL
Supported by FLORENCE STONE,
In Sardoa's EtronfeEt Play,
"LA TOSCA."
The Most Talked of Play of the Age.
POPULAR PRICES— 10c 15c 25C 5OC. 75c
Good Orchestra Seats. All Matinees, 25c
Kext Week— "THE EMPRESS THEODORA."
STRENUOUS VAUDEVILLE!
Papinta; Frank Lincoln; Simon,
Gardner and Company; The Melani
Trio; Gorman and Keppler, and the
Biograph, Showing California Pic-
tures. Jjast times of Fanny Bice;
Hedrix and Prescott, and Les
Troubadours Toulousians.
Reserved Seats, 25c: Balcony, 10c; Opera
Chairs and Box Beats, 50c.
*TIVOLI*
EVENINGS AT 8 SHARP.
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 SHARP.
! DON'T FAIL TO SEE IT.
t THIS WEEK and NEXT— LAST of
The Famous Musical Success,
—~— i riD"—
Serenade!
MONDAY. APRIL 7,
"The Fortune Teller."
POPULAR PRICES— 25c 50c and 75c
Telephone Bush 9.
AJLL THIS WEEK— MAT. SAT.
HOLDE1V BROS.'
Mammoth Melodramatic Success
The Denver Express.
SEATS READY
NEXT SUNDAY NIGHT
/\L. G. FIELD
GREATER MINSTRELS.
SEATS NOW SELLING.
ooz^chstcjK-
r Wiifiams* and Walker's Big Company
NORRIS & ROWE'S
. Big Trained Animal
Shows
AT THE
MECHANICS' PAVILION.
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING AT
2:15 and 8:15.
RARE ENJOYMENT FOR YOUNGSTERS'
AND OLDSTERS.
500 SnS 1^ 500
ADMISSION— Adults. 25e; Children. 10c.
' Phone South 720 for Seats.
P/llflrP Desirable location.
1 CllUVv unsurpassed cuisine.
j un equaled ser-
/Ifln v * ce an< * niodern
UlIU conveniences arc the
~, attributes that have
llT51f1n made these two ho*
UlUlIU ,tels popular with
-y \g : tourists and travel-
H (\ fa I C crs who > visit San
lIUlWlJ Francisco.
AJUJSEMSVTS.•FRANK SHUGART, "WHO WILI.
CAPTAIN THE SAN FRANCISCO
BASEBALL TEAM THIS SEASON.
¦WELJj-KNOWN JOCKEY . WHO
IS ABOUT TO LEAVE .FOR ?
'russia. ' : '•¦ • ; .- ;v-Vi v..'
34»7/ FIRST RACE^-SlV 'furlongs; selling; three-year-olds; to first. $325. "' ,-
Index Horso and AVolght. St. \U. %. Str. Fin. Owner 'and^Jockey! \\ 6^?" D <flV
li?n r^ alty ••¦¦¦¦¦¦¦^09* 4 1 4 1% S'% 1 >!, W. B. Sink Jr....TroxJer* : 3 13-5
¦5?J« ,f hta . r , .•••107 2 2 1 2 1% 2.H 2 3 A. Josephs.. .. ...Ransch " 0-5 5-2
'•lAPo X a ". a v° , W--"- • 10910T 2 B h 5 % 3 5 Piedmont Stable: .Stuart -10 15
iw 2*;'f ht Way •••• 104 0 v«2 (J.H 4 Vi 4 Vj V. Gilbert .-.•....Jackson .8 15
¦qI'm 5 no ,:. .......^.100 « I i// 1 % I%v5h- S. Bowley & Co..:. Prior 5 .4
34J1 Forest King .....102 It 8% 7 1 7 % «1 S. J. Jones..... L. Daly 30 -^40
•MLr .......107 1 'A V. « hj «h 7 1 K.JI. James.... Frawley .30 150
«££' T.° Wa^°w ••-'v- iV:i12 8^' 10 2 8 1 >, 1 8'V W.H. Ketcheman. Maths .8 15
--liia « n lu R^! >erts ¦ 102 11\ll 11, » 1 ft 1 U. Hughes... .Fauntleroy CO 150
iti?, ' "r 11 ""** ...¦•....'.110 5 51 1) % 10 4 10 2 Elmwood Farm. ..Conley 12 25
j4JO^n^wJ^ry_.^..._aoo_3 .1)1^10 l ii, H .. H H; Egbert. . JLL Foucon 20 50
T!m *7"^;#, : - 6 ; 1 /4. :51Vj;-}J,- 1:17^. Good start.. Won flret three driving. Winner. W. E.
blnk Jr. s_ b. g. by Cavalier- Empress of Norrolk. Royalty. outgamed Ishtar. Vasallo came .
. Kublno 3"<t. Too much weight on Hlowaho. . Scratched — Evea G 107.
•34O8. SECOND P.ACE— Six and a half furlongs; selling; 3-year-olds and up; to first. $325.
Index JHorse, Age, -Weight. St. . \i. %.; Str. Fin. ( /<0wrier and Jockey. O^?"'"^'.
,™£L ?°d onlal Glrl - 3 " 00 ~* 3 %-.2 3 1 % W. M. Rogers.. Goodyear)" 7 -... 4 : .
( iS?, 4) i ohn ,; Peters, 3. ..104 2 1 2 13 1 %; 2 5 J. F. . Schorr. .. JRansch .'8-5 8-5
Q?ii • P«t Morrissey, a.110 5 2 % 2 2%, 3 % .3 % H. ,E.< Rowell. ..L. Daly '. 7-, 10
•?152*S 1 " S -. a - •••••- - 101 4 5 1^5 3 54 4h C.W.Chappell... Stuart 15 30
2»Si- X V y° mlnff ' a ••-•120 1 3',4.4 8 4 3 5 4' Brown & Co.... Troxler .4-6
i*222 Captain Galnes. 5.113 7 7 f 7 0 8 6 4 W. G. Matthews.Math's 10 20
of"?2 g urdoek . 5 • 110.0. C. 1^0 2 7 7 J.S. Campbell.:.. Early . 50 200
3443 Bassenzo, 3 ...... QQ .« ... ... ... : ... Joseph -Maiden .'.Jackson :¦'- 3 . 5 '
Time— %,. :24y,:%, :4ft; 94. -1:15% ; 6%f. 1:23., Good startT^Von .first : three : driving!
AA, Inner. W. M. /Rogers' -b. f. by Meddler- Springtide. Had Ransch on. John Peters taken
the rail position, he could have won.. Motrtssey ran well. Wyoming failed to get up.
• Scratched — February. 108. -Phyllis 94.: •Loft. .
34OO. THIRD RACE— One mile; selling; three-year-olds arid up; to first. $325.
Index Horse, .Age. 'Weight. St. %. %. . Str. Fin. ' Owner and Jockey. Op! "cL.
3484; Com. Forster,' 3.. »7 1 8 1% 2 1% 1 1 12 J..F. Schorr ...Jackson " • 3 7-2
3460 Lena, a ......... j»9 2 2 1V4 3 % 2 %.-2 1 - F.T. Nichols.. ::Ran3ch . 6 '13-2
3484 Dean Swift. 3...:i01 8 4 V, 4 h 32 3 3- W. M. Rogers,: .Goodyear 6 8
3471. Black Dick,. 4.... 110 .3 . 5 '/j- 5 2 - 4 4 4 12 L. V.^Bell ....... Conley 8-5 1
2600 Matilda O, 4..... 07 5 1 % . 1 h ' 5 0 C 4 H C. Ahlers. : ; . .Knapp . • 40 10J
3075 El Orlente. 4 ....100 7 0 2 0 5 0 10 0 15 Baldwin & Co.. Ransom 15-' 16 v.
3480 Kitty Kelly, 5. :.1O4 4: 73 7 6 75 7 h W. 'L. Stanfleld..Duggan /.10, 30
:l.C0 Slap Dash, 4....108I B 8 . 8 , 8 8 J.V.- Kirby.U Matthews -15 ,'30
Time— Vi.. :20; %/, :51%;'?;; 1:17; mile, 1:41. .Good start. Won easily. • Second- and- third
driving. . M'lnner, , J. F. Schorr's ch. c. by Linden- Pennlah. Commissioner, good, horse to
day. Lena ran well. Black Dick had a rough trip. » Oriente.no speed. ."Kitty Kelly. poorly
handled. Scratched — Dorian 100,. Free Lance 101. ! Diomed 100. .-. ' : -V . - . , -
G5OO. / FOURTH RACE— 1 % miles; Golden" Gate Handicap; 3-year-olds and up ; • to first, $400. - •
Horse. Age, "Weight. St. Yf.' %•" Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. ¦'¦¦, Op? Iff.
(348D) Frangible, 5..... '.100 1 '2^1h In 11 F. D. Boas.';..W."Knap'p ' ' 5/10
(3403) AVatercure, 5. ....118 4 4n 3 % 2 4 2 5 Q. B. Morris..": Jackson 7-10 3-5
;«46 Llr?Ila,.a.........lO4 3 3% 4h ,43 3 3 3. Weber ..Ransch i 6. 8 ¦¦'
3489 Position. 5...;:. ..100 5 .5 5 3 3 4 12 D. S. Fountain... Stuart 3 ll-">
-iUgg- T - !h g-Z r g tte r. tf ..-.10^ 2 1 h ' 2 2V, 5 ¦ 5 ' F.' J.~ O'Rourke.-.L. Daly -'¦'¦ 10 ' - 30 ' '
Time— V4.<:2C; %.- 1 ':0lVi: 1 :%:'l:n%: ¦ mile," 1:57%: l%m. : 2:23%. Good .start.^Won first
three driving. Wlnner.F. D. Boas" ch.'g.iby.Fonso-MIss Nannie. : Winner best. Favorite
- could not get up. LThe Fretter stopped. Poaition pulled up on three dsgs. but walked off
:. the track ; all right, i .¦ . ¦ - ; ¦ ¦".. '¦ r ~ ¦ . .¦ -¦ "-•..-. -¦'¦,¦. ¦.¦''>'•¦.¦¦¦-••¦.-¦'¦., ,'
3501. '.: FIFTH RACE— Mile and a sixteenth; Belling; three-year-olds and up; to first,. $.125.
Index Horse, Age.'; Weight. 9t.' V*. Vi-: Str. Fin. -Owner and ; Jockey. O^?""}?!'.
(34S1) Dr. Bernayg, a. ..100 3 2 n • ' S'2%'1 V 2 ' 1,%' J. Conway. .. .. ,L.- Daly 8-5 8-5
'Hi MacGyle 5....... 100 1 4 % 4 1 2 n 2 4 Elmwood Farm.. Jackson 6-5 '6 5 '
3484 Quadra/ 3......-.; 8C 2 3 3 2n 3 3 3 12 Curl & Co.:.... .KnaDD -8 -
, 3121 Alado, 5... ...;... 100 5 5 5. IJ/., f *n' F. J., Todd. . . . . . Duggan 100 • 2m't
.'JJ»MO? c g'-_Tolle,.4....100 4 L2 _1 iy, 4 3 ' 5 : Baldwin _&Co^Bo^emjn J]h_Jm
Time— V,.:24%;%, :50;" ;%;i:10Vi; mile. 1:43%;» 11-icm, 1:50. Good start.- Won'easllv
Beooncrand third driving.. Winner. J. Conway'n ch.'g. by Sir Dlxon-Welsbaden. Winner
_J^Bt.^JackBon^ waited toojong wUh^MacGyle^Quadra^qult. So dld'Oscar Tolle. .
35O2. SIXTH. RACE— Futurity , rourae: gelling;', three-year-olds "and < up; ;ito flrstT, $325?'' ~~^
Index (llorge. *Age. St. ¦'%. .. %. Str. ,'Fln. . Owner | and .-Jockey. Op?"' "(fl.
.3007. Hlloe. 6. :.'... /...in U 2% 22 1 1 h- 1 n W.' W. Elliott.. .Troxler * 4 . 'i
3073 Eiicalante. 3. .....110 2 3 % 3 2 .2 l'/j 2 HJ Baldwin- & Co riiz»man ' '1 ¦ , r
31(J«. Headwater.; 6.. :..U7 5 4 1^.4 1V/.4 h Jones & Co. :. jMatthSw" 8-5 8 R
3457 Narra O, 4... 11C I! C . 5 n 5 2 4 4^ Miss C Gibson "llow.nn b i ir
.3448 True- Blue." a..... 117 3 . C % « « 5 10 Summer* T& Co" Jackwn 1 ?5
3470 E.M. Brattaln,3..10l> V-.-.l 2 :1 n .T%.. «¦..-. W .- iL . Stanfleld. F^ucon .. 20 - 40
Tlnie-^To '/»; V.:21%p to '/». :40%: .laet %, 1:02;- short %,. 1:12. Good -start w™ « "I
:; .three driving. . i Winner, \\V W. Elliott's b. g. by < Hlmyar-Grace LeT HHee ' ran °2 'niZi
race.^.Headwater pocketed to stretch. . Scratched— Varro' 117, School for Scanda? 115. ,
' ¦/¦>¦ . Selections' for To-Day?) '
.:: First race-f-Dorinn;; Saul ,'of Tarsus,'; Kllldoe.
' i^Second race—Oro Viva, Giilda, [Donami./,
: j Third race-^-Commonwealth Attorney, Mar
shal Nell," Frank .Woods. •' ":" • ..:¦.'•¦
Fourth race^—Hoi-ton.lThc Giver,'.Bernota. ;
i. -Fifth;race^-Kenllworth,' / Hagefdon, •".-/John
Boggs. HBHBBEBBBflHHBI
.-Sixth i race—Sir Hampton, Huachuca, 1 Mac-'
Gyle. wfiafeKjMJ*f^aa*g^^fe^a^fif
, Roscoe Troxler I won > the ¦"first -" and last
race on the card. ; The ..Texas rider's finish
on Hilee.was -the refcl- article • • " V
?: Goodyear,^ who won ; his • first X race"' on
Colonial Girl, exercises good Judgment for
, ... Alex -Shields, ,who"> came I to California
for his he alth. was a .visitor at the track
. yesterday. -The climate - here t must ¦ have
agreed '.with the .; Canadian = turfman .for
he looks as: good as? ever.. . ¦ '
tiSS^ nlal Ti GI i rl * as ' b °osted ; f rom v $400' to
Gate, Club.- W. M. ¦ Rogers : retained "his
nlly. , - ¦ ' ¦ ¦ . - -. .
Track Notes.
,. ' Sixth race— Seven ¦ furlongs ; ', soiling; ; three
year-olds and upward: '¦,.¦,¦¦'¦¦ • . ;
(3479)Ada N.......10S 3477 Constable...) 08
: 3501 Quadra '.....; 04 ; 3501 - MacGyle . . . . . 108
3484 Huachuca ". . ; . 00 " 34S8 Rubus' ........ 00
.3145 Sir Hampton. 113. (34.S(»)Antolee ...-..¦.111
: ; 34DS 13aesenzo , . .-. . 98 .'1484 Dlomed *..:?.. 108
. SPOKANE^ , March . 2C.— About a month
ago it: was ; announced . that the Bureka
and . Eastern Railway was ' to , be built
from Eureka, Cal.,, to Weiser, Idaho. Lord
Thurlow, one of Its promoters, was quoted
as saying that he had reached agreements
with Messrs. UUl and Harriman that the
Great Northern would connect with the
new • line ; at -Weiser ;and that . the two
roads would .act In • conjunction. In
answer to inquiries, a letter from Presi
dent Hill has been received here, contain
ing the. following: ••."•• ¦ ¦', .-•¦. • •
; ,"I beg to say. that I know nothing: what
ever about the Eureka and Eastern'Rail
way beyond'.'the 1 reports I have seen in
'the newspapers. -.1 am not connected with
; the matter in . any way.'
Writes. That. He Has No Connection
'With" the Eureka and Eastern
— Railroad. '..
HILL IS NOT. BACKING .
LORD ' THT/BLOVT'S ' PROJECT
Mare Island's New Commander.
VALLEJO, March 26.— Captain Tilley
will- relieve Captain Rockwell as captain
.( the yatd to r.iorrcw. The newvraptfi'.n
is a ver>' popular officer and highly re
garded by those over whom' he ha* had
command. The retiring captain- will re
main here a week longer, when he wlil
leave for WasOilnjrton, accompanied by his
wife and daughter. -.•¦*-
NEW YORK, March 26.— The Peary
Arctic Club's steam bArk Windward ar
rived here to-day from Brlgus,- N. F..
where she has been wintering since her
return from, the Arctic region last Sep
tember. The Windward, with Lieutenant
Peary. Arctic explorer, and his party on
board, started on her last expedition to
the Arctic. on July 20, 1900, at Sydney. C.
B., and-left Lieutenant Peary In the
north. The vessel is to have new engines
and boilers installed and return to th«
Arctic this summer. She is expecied to
bring Lieutenant Peary homK
Peary's Bark Windward Returns.
LOS , - ANUELES; March 20. — Alexander
Wosencratt ; began suit . in tne Superior Court
to-day against the Los Angeles Electric Com
pany, the Los vAngeles Lighting Company, the
Los Angeles Railway. Company, the San Gabriel
Power Company, the Sen Gabriel Electric Com
pany and the Edison Electric Company to se
cure $10,000 damages for personal injuries as
the result of - plaintiff coming in contact with
an electric wire onMajt-l. 1900, while standing
on the sidewalk on San Pedro street.
BAKERSFIELD, March 26.— The Alma
Oil Companv has filed suit in the Superior
Court against the county of . Kern and
Assessor Jameson .for the recovery of
taxes collected on an assessment of $78,000
levied by Jameson on the company's prop
erty In the Kern River fieid. The taxes
amounting tcr$132G, were paid under pro
test.' The decision in the case will mean
much to 'Kern County, (should the com
pany win in its effort to recover ' the
amount, the county may -be the loser of
many thousands of dollars, as the way
would be oaved for similar action on the
part of other comnanles.
The company, in its complaint, alleges
that the assessment was illegal, owing to
the fact that one-half of the land had
been prcviouBly transferred to other com
panies and that the Assessor could not In
any event assess land where the title
was still vested in the Government, the
Alma's tract being a United States min
eral claim.
Decision May Deprive Kern County of
Thousands of Dollars .in
Heyenues.
OEL CO3IPA1TY SUES TO
BECOVEB TAX MONEY
A public meeting was called by "Deputy
Gold Commissioner E. J. . Thain . at ,the
Courthouse_ln : Atlln. A large number of
business men and miners turned out and
standing room was at a premium. The
purpose of the meeting was to devise ways
anu means of prevailing upon K. D.* Feth
erstonhaught, manager of the Atlin Min
ing Company, to send back the sixteen
Japanese. ->-. ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦
Ketherstonhaught acknowledged that
sixteen 'Japanese laborers were on their
way, from Vancouver • under contract to
hi* company and explained - that he had'
been instructed by his dlrectorsNin Lon
don to employ Oriental labor for Work
on the flumes and dump and had no voice
in. the matter. He .was prepared to guar
antee that no ' more .Japanese would be
employed and'that if >iie" property was
put upon a paying baslsnhls eeanon even
these few Japanese would be conspicuous
by their absence next year.
. The Atlin Board of Trade at its monthly
meeting unanimously • indorsed the anti-
Japanese, movement and • the secretary I
was instructed to>so notify the authorities
on the outside; I . .. 1
SEATTLE, March 26.— With the arrival
of the Dolphin from . the north to-day
came news of the 'determined opposition
which the residents • of Atlin are making
against the importation. of Japanese help.
Sixteen- Japanese who were under con
tract to the Atlin Mining Company have
reached the camp .ere this, and the next
steamer probably will bring details of the
method. of their reception by the enraged
whites. \ ¦ ¦ • • '
Special. Disuatch to The Call.
CHICAGO. March 26.— At th& horse sals
at the Coliseum to-fiay George H.
Ketcham paid S6250 for -the trotter Roy
M, record 2:14%. over a half-mile track.
It is understood the horse will be sent
to England. -May Allen, 2:09^. was pur
?£^ ie< U )y C.W.- Marks of Chicago for
$2800. Henry L, 2:15. brought $2400 from
George Castle of Chicago.
Xetcham Buys a Trotter.
Are Determined to Re
sist Importation or
Japanese.
Second race, live and a half furlongs, gell
ing — Curd Clllock won. Horseshoe Tobacco sec
ond. Harry Wilson third. -Time. 1:10. ¦
Third race. 'five and a half furlongs. IJTrrse
Halnault won. Father WentXer second. Lady
Alberta third. Time. l:OS>Vi. . : ..'
¦ ¦ Fourth race, seven furlongs, purse — Wax
Taper - won. Brigade second, Edgardo third
Time. 1:30. ¦„
Fifth race, one mile, selling — El Caney won.
Pay the Fiddler second. . Frank . Jones third
Time. 1:45%. ; - .
Sixth race, six ¦ furlonsrs. sVlHng — Reducer
won. Cosrswell second. Lady Curzon third.
Time. 1:16»4.
First race, six furlongs, purse — Fred Hessig
won. A!ex second. Birdie Stone third. Time.
LITTLE ROCK. Ark.. March 2a — Summary:
Racing at Little Bock.
LOS ANGELES, March 26.— A bit of gos
sip about a "combination" of the Southern
Pacific and the Santa Fe railroads to
down Henry. E. Huntington's electric rail
road companies, which has been the sub
ject of columns of speculation in certain
newspapers, was laid to rest this even-
Ing by Paul Morton, first vice president
of the. Santa Fe Company. Morton de
clared that there was nothing in the re
port—not even the suggestion of a com
bination between the two railroads tor
any such purpose.
'1 he story of the ! threatened war is
based upon a report that E. H. Harriman
of the Southern . Pacific and E. P. Rlpley
of the Santa Fe will hold a conference in
Los Angeles upon the arrival here of Mr.
Harriman. Whether- the two railroad
presidents. will meet here at all Mr. Mor
ton could not. say, but he was positive
that if a meeting were held it would not
be for the purpose of perfecting the ar
ticles of a declaration of war on Hunting
ton. Morton said:
"We are. entirely too busy right now to
give any attention to the affairs of the
Southern California electric railway com-
P&nies; and, indeed, there does not appear
10 be. anything in relation to the electric
roads i to demand -our attention. I do not
know, that Mr. , Rrpley- and Mr. Harriman
will meet in Los Angeles, but if they do
the meeting, probably ¦ will not; be more
than a friendly one. I have never heard
a word .about any combination against
rfuntington's electric railways." k
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Southern Pacific and
Santa Fe to Keep
the Peace.
Under the law, which sennits the
formation of county flre Insurance
companies, they are not required
to have on deposit any fund to
meet liabilities, as is the case with in
surance companies generally, being in fact
an : organization for mutual . protection
against loss by fire, every member stand
ing- his assessment pro rata to meet the
loss sustained by any member.
The Sacramento County Fire Insurance
Company will confine its operations to in
suring iarm buildings and no risk above
two-thirds of the value of the building
will be written.
Sacramento Grangers Organize Under
the Provisions of the Act
of 1897.
SACRAMENTO, March 26.— A number
Of farmers, proceeding under authority of
an act of the Legislature of 18S7, met in
Foresters' Hall in this c-ty on Monday
and organized a , County Fire Insurance
Company. The company has a membership
of about forty. The following ofiicers
were elected: George Hack, president; Jo
seph Holmes, vice president: Joseph Cor
nell, secretary, and Charles hchrelner
treasurer. These officers are also direc
tors, the others being: ¦ N. Laurldson, W.
E. Dixon and David Reese.
FARMERS FORM COUNTY
FIRE nrsXTBANCE COHPAiNY
Bennines Race Results.
T^SHINGTON. March 26.— Bennlngs stun
mary: . \
First race, five and a half furlongs— Obliged
won, High Carnival second, Rona third. Time.
Second race, half a mile — Alan won. Blua
Peter second. Money Lender : third. Time,
•50 3-5.
Third race, seven furlongs— All Saints won
"Woodtrlce second. Lamp o'Lee third.. Time.
1 .20 2-5. ¦ ¦ . . -
Fourth race, four and a half furlongs — Eliz
abeth Moan won. Alack second. Imperialist
third. Time. l:0».
Fifth race, seven furlongs — Caithness won.
Rendezvous second. Alllne Abbott third. Time.
1 :*JO 4-5.
Sixth race, one mile and fifty yards Lou
Rey won. Filibuster second. Flara third. Time.
1:43 4-5. ,
THE OjAiLI^'S K,A>OI3ST<3- FORM OH J^R T
OAKLAND RACETRACK— Wednesday, March 26.— Weather fine. , Track heavy.
.Third racer-Ono mile^ and a. sixteenth; sell-
Ing; thrc«vjrear-olds and upward:.
3455 Whalfback .'.104 ,3018 Com' wth'AttylO7
3475 Jim McClee\Tl ( '7 • 3480 Relna d'CubalOH
3434 Courtier . ... .104 3490 Morengo . . : . 104
.3465 Frank Woods. 104 34fl5 Morlnel . . .; 102
• 3475 Miistleton ..;.1O4 (34»0)MarehaI NeiU107
- 3404 Malaise .... . . 1051,3170 Baldo .... . .-. ¦;•, 02
' Fourth: race — One mile; selling;; three-year
olds, and upward : .. - . ¦, . ¦ , ..
. (3471) Horton ;,...'. ,.104| 3194 Red wald ....-105
3494 Rio Shannon.. 104 (3494) Jim Hale. -'105
(3403)Bernota\ . . . . . 99 . 3418 The ' Giver. . . . 08
;S486 Inrromptu ...100 .'/'• >'
Fifth- race— Six -furlongs; 'the ,• San '¦'. Rafael
handicap; three-year-olds and upward: J' /
-. 3448 Sharp Bird : . . . 105 . • 3405 Sweet ' Tooth: . 102
. 3232 Varo ¦..:;.;. r.'97 (3405)Hagerdon s ..r;ll2
3230 Byron Rose. .".1C9). 3309 Kenllworth .M22
3464^06 Frey.'. ....110, ,8495 Sister- Jeanie.- 03
3472 John Boggs... 03) * ••'. ¦ ¦ - •¦ '. •
• Seconil i race — Four- furlongs; . " selllns; two
year-oldB: t* * ' '•'¦.: . • /
'MOO Oro Viva. . . . .108 3487 Gulda ... .'.'. .101
3487 Delsegno ....104 , .'M«i» Trim ....... ..101
«5 ;-.*.V Ella E. 101 »487r>onaml .....104
Following are, the entries for this after
noon's events:. ,' // .7.. .':.,- '
First' race — Six " furlongs; selling; ¦ three-year
olds and ui)warrl:. .,•<:.' - .,.' . • • - ¦- .
-..1.190 Cuban Girl. ...100 3430 Flam'ero '.....108
.'WTOJerid . ...10S 34S3-Vantine 109
; 3358 PhylllH ...... 05 3479 Dorian ...... .108
3400 Kdlnborough .111 3U3 Malasplna ... 02
-(S4«7)KHIdoe «4 ;. /. Wlnnebejour -.105
3403 Saul of TarsuslH 3480 Kin? Dellls. . .los
HAD "Bill" Knapp, the sixty-two
pounder, been a tragedian instead
of a jockey, there is no;telling
show many curtain calls he.would
have received, judging, from his
reception from the crowd at Oakland yes
terday after capturing" the mile and three
furlong handicap with Frangible. Only a
few days back, the midget.rider landed
the same, horse first for a handicap at
odds of 25 to 1, beating Janice and others.
Watercure shouldered top weight, 118
pounds, yesterday an3 went to the post
a 3 to 5 favorite. Frangible carried 100
pounds, "and some few of the' books laid
11 to 1. KnapD went out. in front from
the start with his mount,'and although
Jackson moved up in plenty of time.with
the favorite, he could .not overhaul the
outsider, which" won, ridden out, by a
length. Position lost the show, to Liz
zella. The Fretter gave It up after dIs T
playing considerable early speed. .
. But Watercure was not the only favorite
to go down, for five others—Ishtar, John
Peters, Black Dick,. MacGyle and Head
water—kept the Morris ' horse company.
The track was a trifle cuppy", which. In a
measure, .may have accounted for' the
downfall of some of them'. > ,
Willie Sink's Royalty, with Troxler up
and 4 to 1 in .the ring,: took the opening
sprint from Ishtar. The latter filly, a 6
to 2 favorite, looked all over a.winner at
one time In the stretch, but was" out
gamed :and beaten .half a length. . Vas
allo, a 15' to -1* shot, came from, the rear,
finishing a close. third.
John Peters, at 8 to 5, proved the next
choice to go by the beard.. He led from
the jump : in the six and a ¦ half-furlong
run and was then collared the last 1U0
yards ,. and downed in- a hard. drive by
Colonial Girl, an 8 to. 1 chance. The win
ner, was weir ridden by .'Goodyear. Pat
Morrissey had all he could do in disposing
of Tufts for the show.; Bassenzo was left.
There.was a steadyvplay onCommis-'
sioner Forster at '£% to 1 to annex the
mile selling affair andithe Schorr: colt
turned.up an easy winner. Jackson,, who
had ther mount, -passed Matilda O when
ready and at the wire. landed his. mount
nearly three lengths in 'front 'of Lena.
•Black Dick, piloted by Conley,* struck niP"
merous squalls, losing third place to Dean
Swift. ¦ : . , . -:¦ ; - ¦.
Following the handicap, - the . ElmwoW
Farm's MacGyle jWenf. to the post'favor
ite over Dr. Kernay3 for the mile and a
sixteenth selling event.. Jackson did not
keep the Brutus horse up,close enough,'or
else he could not, and-the-'Doctor breezed
in first. Quadra ran.third. -. . .
Headwater looked" best of those start
ing in the Futurity "course sprint,-, which
concluded the'card, and was installed'an
8 to 5 favorite. Pocketed . for i two-thirds
of the route.: he: finished '¦ third..; Cleverly
ridden by Troxler.T-Hilee, carryipg 117
pounds, stood a long drivei : getting the
decision from Escalante by a'neck.
To-Day's Entries.
MEN OF ATLIN
THREATEN WAR
FttANK SHUGART is the man se- :
lected by "Uncle .Hank" Harris
to captain" the erstwhile "Ger
mans" during the coming season
of the California Baseball League.
In Shugart Manager Harris has - landed
a. ballplayer of. the first water. Not only
is his work fast, but Tie. Is a splendid
manager, and considered 'one of the most
"h^ady"., players on the diamond to-day.
Shugart ; played with Charley "Comls
key's famous '.'White Stockings" last
year. His work In the field was fast, and
his batting . fully up to the average, al
though nothing extraordinary. He played
shortstop most of the time, but Js -also
a first-class third baseman. . -
Why Shugart did not- again sign with
one of the big league clubs is a question,
but at all events Harris must have made
him a splendid offer in order to lure him ;
away from the country's greatest, base- 1
ball center. Shugart will have. entire con
trol of the San Francisco team while
they are in the field, and the "fans" may
rest assured he will do as much; if not
more, than Pabst of last year's aggrega-
WIL L NOT WAR
ON HUNTIGTON
praise for his superb handling: of the vic
tor on that' occasion. Olinthus •. in that
year took seven out of the nine stakes in
which he was a starter, with Shields al
ways his pilot. • , . \
When the Australian gate received Its
first introduction in this country at Ingle
side track Shields became such an adept
at getting his mounts away from the-bar
rier in front that he was dubbed the
"barrier champion." Gentlemanly, hon
est and a diligent worker, Henry can be
depended upon . to make just as good a
record on the race courses in the domain
¦of the' Czar as he did In his native coun
try, and his many friends wish-him:suc
cess and honvovacre^ - - .-: i-'ir »-ac* « 1
dience at the Pastime Club this evening.
The fight was fairly even up to the twen
tieth round, with the advantage, if any,
with Thurston. He was very lively, on his
feet and most of Donovan's leads fell
short. In the last round both men went
at it hammer and tongs, trying fo- a
knockout. Thurston was tlie strcr.ger of
the two, however, and Donovan was get
ting a bad pummeling, when, just at the
end of the round. Donovan struck Thurs
ton a very low blow. The referee did not
consider the foul blow> an intentional one
and called the bout a. draw.
Martin Denny, one of Thurston's sec
onds, Jumijed Into the ring and began to
remonstrate with Donovan for striking
Thurston a foul blow. Donovan prompt
ly struck Denny and a lively mix-up was
averted by the police entering the ring
and putting an end to the row.
The preliminary between Frank Riley
of .Oakland apd MacDuff of Portland was
a fiasco. Riley was obviously the better
man and soon after the beginning of the
second round MacDuff. after claiming to
have been fouled, quit the contest. Riley
was given the decision.
Pigrht Between Hike Donovan and
"Dutch" Thurston Has "Unsatis
factory Ending.
PORTLAJOD, March 26.— Mike Donovan
of Rochester and Charles ("Dutch";
Thurston of San Francisco fought twenty
rounds to a draw before a good-sized au-.
lOlTL BLOW IS STBUCK
IN TWZNTIEra EOUND
Keserve stake; 16 entries — F.' C. Mack's Delia
M. vs. W. N. Hoars Cecil M.; y. Ungan's
Master Buck vs. >\ Caulneld's Bocco Ulri; M.
f. Kavanasch's llermany vs. T. Measlier* s itoy.
aiist; it. a. Herrter*s Julem vs. a. senderman.'*
Comique; 1'asna Kennels'. Keve d" Armour vs.
T. fMnlerlck's My Selection; T. .Jolley's Little
May.vs. K. Ready's Vera; E. Keady's Duplicate
vs. Pasha Kennels' Klch Argosy; if. KosenDer
eer*s Master Biy*vs. T. Jolley's Toronto.
Open stake, sixty-four entries — W. C. ~3« B
Lopoz's Vepita vs. W. J. Leonard's L>ayllghf
i*.* M." Clarkson's Prompto vs. T. Coieraan's
Cotton Ball; J, Matthews' Rosewood Lad vs
E. Geary's Dathy; X. Burke's John C. Heenaa
vs. P. fecott's Half Moon; L. Lagomasino's La
Belle \%: T. Cooney's-Black Pearl; A. R Cur
tis' ¦ Candelarla vs. F. Jones' Harlean Gladys-
JK.-Ready's >*ull - Moon , vs. O. Zahl's O'Hua-
E. Geary's Little Jim vs. - F. Roaenberger' »
Lady Chlqulta; Sterl & Knowles" Iceman vs
H.'.H. -Kay's Hawker; O. Hharman'a Sir Pasha
vs. .M. ' Dillon's Challenger; L. M. Connell'3
St.. Helen vs. E. Geary's Roy Hughle; A R.
CurUs' Fly by Night vs. M. Fahey's Home
Rule; H. L. Mehany'^ Roxana vs. J. Hurley's
Riley Grannan; E. Geary's Bonnie Hughle v 9
J. Dempsey's Jinsle Bells; CL O Peterson's
Haphazard vs. Pasna. Kennels' Real Aristocrat-
F. McComb'j Royal Roeue Ts. D Toland'9
Pleasant Girl; R. A. Frlnk's Fiery Friend vs
J. Darling's Gambit; A. R. Curtis' Vulcan vs.
Chlarlni Bros.' Sempronlua- J. Hurley's Shy
lock Boy vs. Alameda Kennels' Clarice- J
Trade's Casey vs. J. Morlarity's Snapper Gar
rison: Chlarlni Bros.' Dewdrop vs. E. Geary's
Fannie Hughle: J. J. Keenan's Lundln Links
vs. T. Sullivan's Vagrant: Alameda Kennels'
Lilac vs. M. Xealon's Fred Freedom; Chiarlnl
BroB.' White Hat vs. Pasha Kennels' Royal
Archer: Chtarinl Bros.' Santonin v«. Pasha
Kennels' Repal Attire; J. W. Fahey's October
Lad vs.- O. Zahl's- Miss Wilson; E. Bennett's
Moseby vs.- C.* G. Whallan's Gllmore; R. B.
Kay's SchilUn^s Best vs. P. M. Clarkson's
Sofala; P. J. Rellly's Honesty vs. E Geary's
Fair Oaks: L. Lafanuwlno'a Boney Boy va W
Cramer"s Onward: C. G. ."WhaHart"s Miss Shir
ley va. Pasha Kennels' Real Lassie; -Aen^ld
Kennels' Fine Fire vs. P. M. Clarkson's Miss
Brummel. * " ?
Puppy stake; 14 entries— H. Jfengo'a Belfast
vs. .fasha Kennels' Koving Arab; J. J. Keen
an's L»aisy Not vs. A. Beronlo's Kocklln Beau
ty; A. Vandenberg's Jack Short vs. J. J>\ Hog
ers' Krebus; f. L/oyle's Hlgn Stepper vs. V. C.
Mack's "Woodcock Hoy. 15. McAnarew's Nancy
Till vs. O. Cook's spindle Hoy; 1>. Toland's
blievenaught Laitys, T. Logan's Lord French;
I'asha Kennels" Reckless Admirer vs. J. L.
Hoss" Creswlck. -¦•¦,;¦¦
Special stake; 32 entries— F. Jones' Wedge
wood vs. A. R. Curtis' Lost Chord; Sterl &
Knowles' Cold Shivers vs. Jt;. Geary's Ireland;
T. J. Cronln's Tralee Hoy vs. A. H. Curtis' War
liable; f. M. damson' » Uoluen Garter vs. U.
Zaftl'a Homer. Buy; Alameda Kennels' A. J.
Martin vs.^Qameda Kenneu' Merrunac; a. K.
Curtis' Jf'iylnif i'ox vs. ti. Nethercotf a Flood-
Kate; E. Oeary'a >enll vs. A. K. Curtis' Cnarta;
1". .burke' s Aggie W. vs. Pasha. Kennels' Kock
er; J. Sberiaan'a Forest Queen vs. li. Geary's
Kuby Sankey; G. Xetfiercott a Hickory uick
vs. »terl & .Knowles" Freeze Out; A. K. Curtis'
"Wapsee vs. T. J.- Cronia's Vandal; 1 . Chiurinl
Brothers' Tame Tralee vs. A.'K. Curtis' King
Cotton; . A. K. Curtis' Luxor vs. .Ptisna Ken
nels' Uoman Athlete: 1j. Walsh' 3 Sacramento
hoy vs. O. Kethercott's Red Kock; t.. Ueary's
America vs. Alaiseda Kennels' ¦ Aielrose Lad;
A. K. curtia' Leoia vs. A. it. Curtis' Anchor.
-Sacramento Boy will be a contender in
the class stake. The draw last night re
sulted as follows:
Uambit w^a tried out with Cosey some
days. He was off badly from the "slips"'
and then went arouna her four lengths
in the lead. After some good exchanges,
he killed the hare.~.!?Ji»«£[
Among: the entries In the open stake at
Union Coursing Park thia week is Gam
bit, a black greyhound recently imported,
from England. He is a brother of Red
Angus, out. of a later litter. Red Angus
started here three times and was con
sidered, next to For Freedom, the fastest
dog . ever_ Imported from England.
At the office of Sullivan & Cromwell a
statement was 'made that Schwartz was
a customer of the old Seventh National
Bank, which had discounted a large num
ber of notes for him as manager of the
Manhattan Mercantile Company. The to
tal amount of these notes, it was stated,
was $78,000. It was later discovered that
there was forgery in connection with him.
The new. Seventh National Bank took up
the matter and caused his arrest on the
specific charge of the forgery of $1000.
The Seventh National is not affected, it
is said, as all the facts were known be
fore the reorganization, by which the ac
counts In question had been charged off
as absolutely worthless.
Jones said there Is an Indictment
against Schwartz in New York, charging
him with swindling another bank. '
NEW YORK, March 26.— Officials of the
Seventh National Bank declined to-day to
discuss the arrest at' Philadelphia of
Moses Schwartz and referred all inquiry
to Sullivan & Cromwell, attorneys for the
bank.
The Manhattan Mercantile Company
failed last summer, a short tftne previous
..to the failure of the Seventh National
Bank. While • he was a depositor,
Schwartz. It is alleged, secured loans
amounting, to about $100,000 on worthless
notes. ..When the fraudulent nature of
the cotes was" discovered,- Schwartz had
disappeared, leaving his family in Chi
cago. His -wife was subsequently] shad
owed, and Schwartz was located on 'South
Sixteenth street, this city. He had been
here six weeks.
R. W. Jones, vice president* of the Sev
enth National Bank of New York, made
a statement. In which he said that
Schwartz, as manager of the Manhattan
Mercantile Company.. 25 South Williams
street. New York, had an account with
his bank.
PHILADELPHIA, March 26.— Moses
Schwartz, who is wanted In New Yorlr
for alleged forgeries on the Seventh Na
tional Bank aggregating $100,000, was ar
rested here to-day by Detective Sergeant
ItfcNaught of New York and- Detective
Meyer of this city. Schwartz was ar
raigned for a hearing this afternoon and
was held to await requisition papers from
New York. \ * ,
Prisoner Accused of Defraud
ing Old Seventh Na
tional Bank.
Performer.
The Black Greyhound Is
Considered a Fast
Moses Schwartz Is Ar
rested on Serious
Charges.
Gambit Is Among the
"jEn tries at Union
Coursing Park,
POLICE CAPTURE
ALLEGED FORGER
ENGLISH DOG
WILL RUN HERE
Will Depart for Russia Under Engagement to a
Wealthy Turfman in That Country- He Should
Make a Hit With His Cleverness at the Post
JOCKEY HENRY SHIELDS CATCHES
THE EUROPEAN RACING FEVER
FRANK SHUGART WILL CAPTAIN
SAN FRANCISCO BASEBALL TEAM
at Recreation Park the First Saturday In Apri
Players Are^Practicing .Steadily for Their Opening
Game of the Season With the Sacramento Nine
MILLERS UNITE
WITH MILLIONS
Forma bipn of National
; Federation 7W"ith Great j
Capital.
Amalgamation Said t^ Be
Solely for Correction
; of Abuses. /• .
CHICAGO, -March 26.— The final steps in
the formation of the National Millers'
Federation, representing a total capital of
$400,000,000 and ah annual flour output of
100,000,000 barrels, .were- . taken' at a meet
ing held here to-da
The federation Is the national organiza
tion of the State 1 : organizations and in ad
dition It will. include the National Millers'
Association and' the National
Wheat; Millers' Association. Officers of
both. these organizations have been promi
nent in organizing the new federation. 11
¦At : to-day's meeting ' the following of
ficers were elected: >. President,'- Barney
Eckhart, Chicago; lirst vice president,
Henry . L. Little, Minneapolis ; second .vice
president, ex-Governor ; E. O. Stannard,
Missouri; treasurer, "W. C. Ellis,' St. Louis.
A board of directors, which includes the
officers, was elected, the additional mem
bers being: : C. ' C. ¦ Bovey,- Minnesota;. W.
iV Anderson, Wisconsin; M."H. Davis,
Ohio; C..' T. Ballard. Kentucky; . Ji. H.
Hackney, Kansas; J. M. Razzor, Texas;
W. M. Rowe~ Michigan: C. L. Cutter,
Ohio; A.- L. i Miner, Pennsylvania; C. E.
Engel, New York; E. R. Pruneson,'(Illi
nois; Secretary, Carter, Minnesota." ¦ •
The nrst. annual meeting will be- held in
Chicago June 12, 1902. President Eckhar.t
declared " the . federation was not , a com
bination for i the control of prices, but for
the purpose of furthering mutual interests
and correcting abuses which, he said, had
grown up during the past twenty years.
Resolutions were adopted indorsing, the
legislative- movements to' give the Inter
state Commerce' Commission authority to
enforce, Its rulings and. to correct the ac
tion of ocean steamship companies and
railroads in the alleged discrimination in
freight rates against flour in* favor of
wheat. The Nelson amendment to. the
Harter act in » reference to the London
landing clause to prevent- the steamship
companies ' from discriminating against
American-vflour' was indorsed. Eckhart
explained that American flour had to pay
an unjustly high dockage rate at the
London; wharves. •. .
In' his address President Eckhart de
clared that the new federation should en
deavor to" extend the flour market by dip
lomatic commercial reciprocity treaties or
othertvise. - -
Young Robber Captured.
BAKERSFIELD, March 26.— Charles
McCrary, a youth from Oakdale, who was
on his .way south." was arrested in this
city to-day by Policeman Canady. -He
was armed with a six-shooter and a bowle
knife 'and had In his possession a . gold
nugget- and a lady's trold watch. Mc-
Crary is wanted in Oakdnle on a robbery
charge and will be returned to that place.
Fruit-Grower Attempts Suicide.
TUBA CITY, March 2G.— John J. Parker.
a'frult-grower>of' this place, shot himself
twice 1 in the breast last night with sui
cidal intent. He is alive. ¦ but the chance
for his recovery -ris slight.. Parker is 44
years old., His wife died a year ago. and
continued grief is ¦ supposed to have led
to his "attempt to kill himself.
HENRY, SHIELDS, -who leaves this
:, country • ! for Russia,
'where , he '.will ride for the big
racing stable of Mons. deLarza
• ; • roff, is a, native of Dallas, Tex.
It was in the Lone Star State that he re
ceived his first J lessons . in '.) horsemanship,'
now some twelve years back.' . ¦•'..•
Physically Shields, is tall, : lithe and
sinewy H bf. the Archer. type.of riders, re
sembling more the, typical; college "hun
dred-yard, man'' than a jockey. Notwith
standing, his ' height .and sturdy, frame.)
Shields can-tip the. scales as light as 109
pounds and still: be; strong. •->•->
During, his years 5 of , experience "in the
saddle Shields has ridden for such widely
known racing firms as Burns f&l Water
houae, Sam Hildreth, A. B.Spreckels and
J.: Gaylon . Brown & Co. 'On the other
side of the Rockies /he •¦ has 'donned the
silk on. all of the big tracks,. and. his rec
ord always- spoke <' well- for: his skill. The
season of 1898?saw. the elongated .Texan
nearly the premier, rider of- California, In
that year he won !¦ the rich $10,003, Burns
handicap at Oakland with: Dr.
Rowell's -.chestnut horse Satsuma from a
splendid, field, 'and' on- the game day cap
tured a 'valuable two-year-old stake with'
Olinthus." Speaking - afterward'- of ; his
horse's;win of the Burns, Dr. Rowell said
heihad nevervseeri orders carried out more
explicitly," ana Henry received columns of
'^^^^WMwMM^WM^^MW^^M^M.
tion. - - • ¦' -.-¦• '.'' • ••: ;
¦ -The team should be in excellent condi
tion on April o. when the familiar "Bat
ter up is heard out at Recreation Park.
nf thf *£«' ers ¦ are P, ractlcln ff a" ; the arts
Held ea e ch davf ndinS many ¦ h0^^ S on ttle 
n fT^o^ ln + p ]? y . a V exhlbl «on game this
afternoon at Berkeley Oval with the Uni-
V W, ,, of * c ? lif omia team, and are
scheduled to play to-morrow at Stanford
.University, fcntci c.'rtl Bier 6* -. ,
THE SAN FRANCISCO
8
NEW YORK, March 2G.— The new steamer
Oscar II of the Scandinavian-American line
arrived to-day from Copenhagen. : . .
Good Healthy Action
is easy to have by taking this
famous old remedy— To look
well and keep well, use
Beecham's
§ § 1 1 ;
fold £rerrwlia«-Ia boxet lOe. and s&o. ¦ * -
Belong to that class of inflammatory and disfiguring skin eruptions that
cause^ more^ genuine bodily discomfort and worry than all other known
diseases. ; The impurities or sediments which collect in- the system because
of poor digestion, inactive Kidneys and other organs of elimination are
taken.up by the blood, saturating the system with acid poisons and fluids
that ooze out.through the glands and pores of the skin, producing an inde-
Se vSlow W&v 1111^ and " J caa cheerfolly endorse your S.S.S.
the yellow, watery discharge forms as a cure for Eczema. % was troubled
into crusts and sores or little brown "with it for 25 years and tried many
and.white scabs' that drop ofF.leavinp- remedles *rtth no grood effects, but after
the skin tender and* raw. The effect f^SSF*"" V^&ZS^
of the poison may, cause the skin to 313 W. Central St., Wichita, Kan.
crack and bleed, or give it a scaly , fishy appearance; again the eruptions may
consist of innumerable blackheads and pimples' or, hard, red bumps upon
the face. Purification of the blood is the only remedy for these vicious skin
diseases. Washes and. powders can only hide for a-time the glaring
.^^^hes. . S. S. S. eradicates all poisonous accumu-
IC^ • V^^; - V^^ lations, antidotes the U r i c and other acids, and
"^^A • |^^n l^^\ restores the blood to its wonted purity, and stimulates
l^y C^V a . n^ revitalizes the sluggish organs, and the impuri-
1- '• •;'ti i- . o t{ es pass off through the natural channels and
relieve .the^skin: ; S.S.S -is ; the only guaranteed purely vegetable blood
punfier._ It contains no Arsenic, Potash or other harmful mineral.
_ Wnte us a bout your case and our physicians will advise without charge.
We have a handsomely, illustrated book on skin diseases, which will be sent
freetoall who wish it. THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO., AtUnU, O-
Eczema, Psoriasis, Salt
Rheum, Tetter and Acne•; About: 150 children will take part In the
entertainment. 1 The programme is not yet
complete,' * but will.be ready for publica
tion in the near-future.
unsclflshncRs— to devote some portion of
. their dally lives' to charitable labor. The
;' proceeds of ..the approaching entertaln-
Vment' will be entirely devoted to the sev
5 eral; charities, in which the children are
] interested, and the little ones are work
i'lhg wlth;-aU the. enthusiasm of youth to
¦ rival tho efforts of. their ciders.
.'-The -usually; fatal dose ' ; of 'arsenic' ia
two' grains;^SgS^BBBA ' • ' ¦' "
POHTLANE^-Arrlvcd . March '¦) 20— : Stmr.. Co
lumbia,' from ¦' San \ Francisco. ; r. ' f-;->/, v ; . .'• } :•".* 7.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE
OAKLAND. March 26~Harry F. Huber,
State delegate to the National Convention
of Service Men of the Spanish War, will
leave .to-morrow* for Springfield, .-Hi..
where the convention will • be: held April
2 and z. BBWwMMHFBffllBBHMlH
Delegate Huber Will; Go; East.
LONDON.: March 26.— At a meeting here
to-day of the, shareholders of 'the Bunk
of Africa the chairman said that' it n-as
calculated that, owing 'to the closing of
the' South 'African- mines -during -the last
two; and. a half years, the world's gold
supply , was . short to ; the ¦ extent , of forty
millions. ' r 'v ••• ¦:-¦¦ ¦'' t\> ¦¦¦ ¦¦¦ ¦ .
World's Gold Supply Is Short.
OAKLAND, -March. 26.-HUiare •Remil
lard,, of the ; Remillard - Brick. . Comoany T
and a brother; of P. N. Remillard/died
to-day at his residence, Adeline' street
near Forty-second. ¦ He ;• was - 111 /only a'
short . time.- *The deceased manufacturer
was 67 years of age,' and -a native of Can
ada. -He>had r been; in business? here for"
twenty-flve years. . A wife and daughter
survive. '. Tho. funeral will be held Sat,
urday. morning at 10 o'clock from the resi
dence. ,The l body will' be incinerated at
San Francisco.. ' " • ,.
Death of Hiliare Bemillard.
TOLEDO. Ohio,' March 26^— The steel
steamer Hedondo. built for . '; Swain &
Hoyt of . San -Francisco, to be used in
the Pacific Coast, trade; was launched- at
Craig 1 * shipyards to-dav. It is 200 feet
over all. 28 feet ber.m.,1614 feet. depth of
l.old and 1000 tons- gross < tonnage.' It
will start on Its voyage to San Francisco
about" April 20 under command of Cap
lain Krrtfr.
New Steamer for the Coast.
NEW*' YORK, March 26.— The following
Calif ornians have- arrived:
.. : San Francisco— S. L. * Leszynsky at the
Herald Square,' J. F. r Valentine" at the
Broadway 'Central, •JR.'V. Ellis at the
Holland,, G. A.; Kuiss at the. Continental.
G. Martin and wife at the Astor, F. Zak
at the • Hoffman. ¦ , . .
'Santa Barbara— J. R. Fithlan at tho
Holland.
Calif ornians in • New YoTk.
/ The many friends of John Gallagher.' the
.veteran: trout I fisherman, > will be ¦ pained
to i hear : of ,. his complete 1 breakdown. ¦ He
has, been at Po.nt Reyes for some months
but was removed recently; to. the home of
his .niece in>s Oakland. , To 'his ¦ familiar*
John Gallagher was and always will, be
the • "champion fisherman' of ,; Oakland.".- •
John Gallagher Breaks Down.
OAKLAND, March 26-Licenses to
marry, were issued to-day to. William
Brophy, aged 30," and Nettie Schultz, 13
both of San Francisco; Mamie M. Betten
court. 19. Haywards. and Edward Leech,
22. San Francisco; Philip Evans. 27, and
Nora J. Sullivan, 22, both of San Fran
cisco. , . - ,• ,. , : ¦ .. ¦ •
Licensed to Harry.
. • John Shaw, a painter, employed • at tho
International; Hotel, fell from the" fourth
step> of ; a "ladder- yesterday with serioud
results. In falling he - received a severe
wound on the. left side, of the head and
a possible fracture of the skull. His i lef t
arm was broken between 1 the' wrist ' and
elbow and ' the , hip joint of the- left thigh
was broken : in the socket cavity. ¦ ;' ,-, - :
Injuries Caused by Fall.
: BERKELEY, March 26.— Charles S.
,Wheelcr,- the prominent San Francisco at
torney, who was recently appointed a
Regent of the University of California,
will be cne of the ; speakers at the ."uni
versity meeting next Friday morning at
11 o'clock. " He will be introduced to the
6tudents by. President, Wheeler. - George
Holmes Howieon, Mills^ professor of moral
philosophy and ¦ civil polity, will also ad
dress the gathering. The speakers have
not announced- their subjects.
WASHINGTON, March 26.— The Presi
dent : to-day sent i the ' following nomina T
tiens - to the Senate: Indian agents-
Frederick O.. Getchell, ' Devils Lake
Agency,'- North Dakota; Albert M. Ander
son,* Colville 1 Agency,. -Washington:; Her
"man. G. Nlckerson, Shoshone Agency,
Wyoming; . A. W: Thomas, Fort Berthold
Agency. North Dakota. Civil Engineer M.
T. Endicott, U. S.N., to be .chief of the
Bureau of Yards and Docks, with 'the
rank of rear, admiral.
Nomination3 by. the Prcsidsnt.
To-day being Holy Thursday 'the'" ser-
Cathdral Services This Morning.
Archbishop Riordan to Participate in
WILL BLESS HOLY: OILS.
NEW REGENT WIXI, " j
ADDRESS STTJDENTS
Word from Victoria, B. C, announce*
that a buoy, marked, "ft. m. S.. Condor,','
has been found off Dead Tree Point, six
miles north of Skidgate. . There was also
a whiter painted board, with the name
"Altevela" in. black letters; also two cases
of : salmon-, -unmarked, -a white painted
gangplank, a piece of a ship's 4 , boat,
marked "Nanies," and some small wreck
age. - A vbottle was also discovered at the
same spot with , a hydrographic undated
blank from the ship Cardiganshire. .
Condor's Buoy Picked fJp.
¦ When a< reporter saw Reginald Vander
bilt at Sherry's to t nlght and asked him
whether 'he had • been" concerned in 'the
heavy play, 'he said: ¦ , *, , : ......
* "I know nothing about "any game sucli
as you refer • to. Any . report . that •; con
nects my name with an affair, of that sort
is a mistake. ; I can 1 give you no' more in
formation..* -¦•' ' • •>• ;. -> ¦¦¦ .-.
' Vanderbilt Is the ; younscest ¦ of • the sons
of the latp Cornelius VanderbUt. He came
t»f ace a'few months, apo and -then enter
ed into pos»ses3lnn of; a large share of the
fortune. left to, hlmiby. his. father.'- 1 '
As the story goes, the youngest son of
one of the best known New York fami
lies . had the loser'a end of ,' the roulette
game. :-His%father .was and mogt of his
relatives T are deeply Interested in railroad
affairs., He is now. at his 'home on a short
vacation from^ his • .-..•
iThere have been many merry parties
during the : last fortnight in > which th's
young man has taken a. lea ding part ¦ It
was after a theater .party and a' late sup
per that the visit was paid to .the East
Forty T fourth street house. It is said the
young man won: 520.000, at; firsts but 'his
luck changed and the., proprietor ; of ' the
place stopped his. play. ' '.m ~:v :! - ., ¦
Vanderbilt and Bishop are still laughing
at the adventure, which they said was not"
their, first nor likely to be the last •
NEW YORK, March 26.— One of' the
great fortunes of this city has recently
been depleted by about $71,000, lost; in • a,
play. lasting two nights. at a roulette table
in a gambling house in East Forty-fourth
street. ¦•¦;.< ¦¦¦,,' ¦.;•;.' ¦ -. ¦.¦'.,,.-.„., , . ¦
NICE, March 26.— "William K. Vanderbilt
Jr. and David "Wolfe Bishop arrived here
this morning by automobile. / They had a
strange adventure while passing through
Luc, in the Department of the Var.
'When they reached the, little town last
nlght'at 9, o'clock they carried no light
and were traveling at great speed. Sud
denly a gendarme started up in ; front of
them and, ordered them to halt, which
"Vanderbilt - immediately v did. The gen
darme, being' unable to to make' himself
understood,' took them to , the • station,
where they were kept until the arrival of
a brigadier this .morning .at 5 o'clock.
After hearing their explanations the offi
cial- allowed them to continue on their
route, but not -before he had drawn up a
process verbal' against "Monsieur Ju
nior.".' :'.'¦'/'•¦, . .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
'• Charles Makings, unassignedi has been
found guilty of desertion by .the Presidio
court-martial now in session. His sen
tence is dishonorable discharge and con
finement at Alcatraz for a year and a
half. August Hoffman, Company C, First
Infantry, has been found guilty -of fraud
ulent : enlistment and sentenced to. dis
honorable discharge and confinement at
Alcatraz for five years. The ' reviewing
authority mitigated Hoffman's sentence to
Imprisonment for two and one-half years.
Military Law-Breakers Are Punishei
For some reason young Mahoney and a
sister did not receive much from the es
tate! but it appears now that Senator Ma
honey's estate had a big claim against the
Blythe estate, in the form of-a note,- and
this is about to.be paid. By an amicable
family arrangement, Mahoney and his sis
ter will share in ; the. division. -The affair
is all but closed and the. young man will
probably have a change of fortune very
soon. .-";..
STOCKTON,. March 26.-From a toiler
on the streets to the possession of a com
petence is a stride soon to be made, by
Clarence Mahoney. Mahoney is known
about this city as a hard" working. Intel
ligent young man, and, although showing
evidences of better days, he has never
been heard to complain. Few of his
friends know that he is a son of the late
Senator Mahoney of . San Francisco, who
at one. time was influential and wealthy
in the metropolis. . ¦
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Vigilant Foreign Official
Arrests a Van-
GENDARME MAKES
A RICH CAPTURE
A protest signed by property owners on
Spear street was filed yesterday with the
Board of Supervisors against the granting
of- a franchise for a street railroad or
against allowing any railroad company to
lay rails by virtue of any abandoned fran
chise on the thoroughfare. The petition
sets forth that Spear street is the main
thoroughfare on a direct route from Mar
ket street to the Santa Fe freight depot
and should not be obstructed by- the
tracks of any street railroad.
Oppose Spear-Street Franchise.
Son /of th e Late State
Senator Mahoney
in Luck. -
Opinion in McNear Case.
United States District Judge de Haven
yesterday handed down an opinion in the
case cf Prentout Leblond and others vs.
George W. McNear. The opinion allows,
in addition to the time allowed in the re
port of United States Commissioner
Morse, eight days for the presumptive end
cf the voyage of the Pierre Corneille.
Judge de Haven cuts down the rate of in
terest from 7 to 6 per cent per annum. In
terest to be computed from the date or
the presumptive end of the voyage under
the first charter — that is from June 2»,
1897- .~.«V X&'ii\' ! --:f
CHILDREN WHO WILL AID IN
MAKING JAPANESE BAZAAR
A SUCCESS. <
FORTUNE FAVORS
STREET LABORER
The Laborers' . Protective , Union, No.
S944, installed sixteen new Tnembers at
its meeting last Monday night held at
1159 Mission (Street. Owing . to the con
stant increase in the; membership it'has
been decided that- the. future meetings of
the union shall be held on the first' end
third Wednesday night of each month at
Knights of Red Branch Hall, 1133 Mission
street, between Seventh and Eighth
streets. The union will give "a smoker"
at the first meeting in the new "hall
Wednesday night, April 2. - - -
Laborers' Protective Union.
W. A. Adams was booked at the City
Prison yesterday by Detectives, Ryan and
O'Dea on'a'.fcSirge of grand larceny.- He
is accused \'6t stealing . from Adolphus
Lancton, a' discharged soldier, in-"Jack"
Kelly's saloon on Kearny street, near
Jackson, Saturday night, about $10 in
cash, an order; for a railroad ticket to
Wisconsin and Lancton's discharge pa
pers. Lancton had $400 in checks on the
wells-Fargo Bank in his pockets., hut
Adams failed to get them. Adams is also
a discharged soldier. , r r.-,-j
Robbed a Former Soldier.
up the gymnasium In the social settle
ment. '
The girls of the Helping Hand Club will
.be in charge of a gay- Japanese- booth,
where dainty ¦• bits of- needlework and
dolls, prettily dressed by the little girls
themselves, will be disposed of.- v
There will be a tea : garden," an fee cream'
T>ooth and a- booth where candies,-? fruits
and jellies may' be obtained from the tiny
salespeople. An attractive feature will be
a cherry tree in bloom, which will yield
most wonderful fruit. ¦ ¦ . ¦ •
The bazaar will last during one after
noon and evening, and a delightful pro
gramme is being arranged, the numbers
of which will be given at intervals' during
the progress of the fair. The boys, of tho
Sunday-school are industriously rehears
ing a Japanese pantomime, and the girls
will appear in the graceful evolutions of
fan and flower drills. The "garden of liv
ing flowers" will be another charming
feature of the unique and Interesting pro
gramme.
•It is the aim of. those connected with
the Sunday-school" to teach the children
The bazaar will be. given In Wendle
Hall, and there will be seven or eight
booths, attended by boys and girls in
Japanese costumes.
The Boys' Helping Hand Club will have
charge of a tiny Japanese garden, where
all kinds of flowers and potted plants will
te sold, the proceeds to go toward fitting
In Japan the' first day of spring, "blos
som day." is a time of festivity. . cele
brated by the children much as Christmas
Is here. , Mrs. J. Y. Willard, who is train
ing the little ones for the approaching
entertainment., has made this pretty Japa
nese custom the basis for ope of the most
novel juvenile affairs . ever "seen in Oak
land.
OAKLAND, March 26.— A Japanese
bazaar, in which children will be
' the sole : participants, is the
unique form of entertainment
which will be offered to the pub
lic-some time during April by the Sunday
• school t-lasse* of the Unitarian Church.,
The deceased leaves a wife, two daugh
ters;-Mrs. Henry Merrifleld and Mrs. G.
F. Brackett, and two sons, Edgar, W,
BrlgRK. and » Daniel Briggs. -The • funeral
will be held to-day from the Simpson Me
morial Church.
Daniel S. .Briggs was born ' In Ireland
seventy-six years ago, andcame to Cali
fornia in 1849. He always took a deep in
terest in .politics and was prominently
identified with the Republican party.. He
was formerly a member, of the Board of
Health and at one time be was'a candi
date for Sherlff...For eight years he held'
a position in.the'Assessor's'ofnce. He was
a partner of Adolph Sutro bnd had charge,
of the Consolidated Tobacco Company's
interests. At the time of his death he was
associated with Bovee, Toy & Sonntag in
the real estate business. :•• • V
Daniel S. Briggs, one of California's pio
neers, died suddenly Tuesday morning at
his residence, 260 .Frederick street, from
heart failure. The death "was entirely un
expected. Despite his ; age Briggs . had
been enjoying the»best of health, but aft
er eating breakfast Tuesday morning he
complained of a sudden pain in the region
of the .heart, and in a' few minutes the
final summons came. His son-in-law, Dr.
G. F. Brackett, was summoned when
Briggs first complained, but he arrived too
late. . ¦ ¦
nent in Political Circles Suc
cumbs to Heart Failure:
Pioneer Merchant Who , Was . Promi-
*DANIEL S. ' BRIGGS * DIES ,
SUDDENLY AT HIS HOME
Mayor Schmitz. has notified Supervisor
Brandensteln,, chairman ; of -the Finance
Committee, that he will decline to recom
mend that the Assessor be allowed eight
additional deputies to collect poll taxes.
The Mayor finds that more ' poll taxes
have befcn collected this year than for the
corresponding period 'last year, and sees
no necessity for extra deputies. Assessor
Dodge has issued a statement in which ha
says that he will be -unable* to collect as
much as last year unless he is granted
the extra help. .. • ¦ . . ,. -
No Extra Poll Tax Deputies.
- Official Losses Present
•;.'.<¦. • ' results, to date, standing.
Alpers ...10.940 1.461 14,470
Bent 16,112 . 1.401 14,711
Eggera 15,963 1,600 14.451
Wilson -.'.' 1«,517.' 1,280 15,228
Coghlan ..ri5,e86 1,201 14,485
Reagan ...........15,434 - 1,227 14,207
Walsh : .15,886 . 1.213 . H.673
Finn.. : .18,505 -1,198 i 14,300
The > result of ' the count "has ' not been
officially ¦ figured, .but snap tallies .give
Coghlan, the Union Labor candidate, a
lead of six votes over, Alpers, his Repub«
llcan'opponent. Walsh, also of the Labor
party, figures more than" 100 ; votes ahead
of Eggors. ¦¦»;•¦-•-• .
During last night's session the court
room was crowded. Mayor Schmitz was
an Interested spectator. , . i
The total results. of the .recount, aa far
as those most interested are concerned,
are as follows:. : ' .
The supervisorial recount which has
been going- on In Judge Murnsky's court
for 'the last three months was finished
last night. The contest has been exciting
as the tally progressed, and the result
was. in doubt up to the counting of ..ie
last precinct. ' 1 .
Indians Killed, White : Men ¦ Injur-d.
•~ SANTA '¦ FE, N. • M., . March , 2p.— Two
Santo Domingo : Pueblo- Indians were
killed : and >. three 1 white < men . who .were
stealing a. ride -were seriously injured in
a freight wreck'on the; Santa Fe at Galls
teo; ¦? Santas Fe ' County; "last ¦ night. . The
'wreck was caused by a. broken axle.'...NIne
cars were derailed and traffic was delayed
'fourteen ; hour? *•';"".:'
Train Drops Into a Ditch.
RAWLINS, Wyo.'/ March 26.— The east
bound Union .Pacific V tiyer, > No. . 2, . went
into X the :. ditch ' at " Wllkins :' : Station "'¦ last
nieht ' and • a number * of < persons in' the
dining car ' were 1. Blightly injured. , ; The
train struck some ; obstruction, . the en-
Kine jumping -the ; trackr .being- followed
bv the mall: Daggage and composite cars,
which were more or, less - damaged. - Traf
nce . was delayed ; twelve >. hours. ;
Junket to the Philippines.
WASHINGTON. March 26.— The • minor
ity members "of the Senate .Committee on
the Philippines i are considering ' the ;; ad
visability of ; presenting to the full com
mittee'a-proposition'.for,- a vvlsit to the
Philippine ';¦ Islands during, the next',vaca
tion' lor-the'purpose of investigating con
ditions there and : of •• taking the .testi
mony of leading Filipinos. - The ;, matter
nrobably " will , be . brought .; to ; the : atten
vlon of 1 the committee at an early^date.
•"The Messiah" Handel
Doxology and Invocation
Anthem. "As It Began to Dawn"..... Vincent
Responsive reading
Hymn. "Rise. " Glorious Conqueror". .Giardlni
Reading of Scripture .' .
Vlolin'solo, "Andante" from Suite. Fran* Rets
Alto solo, "The Resurrection" ...;., ..Holden
Prayer and Gloria Patrl -
Chorus, ; "Unfold, Te. Portals" from "The'
¦ Redemption" • ..;..'....; .Gounod
Hymn, "Come. Let Us: Sing" ' . .'. .'. . .' .'. .Hatton
Soprano eolo, violin obllgato, • "The Lord Is
Risen Lansing
Sermon ...¦....'..... ." —
Chorus. "Inflammatua" from "Etabat Ma
.¦¦.ter" ..................'........... Rossini
Hymn. "Nearer, My God. to Thee":... Mason
Benediction ' . .' .¦..;....
Postlude, "The • Glory of . the Lord" from
"Messiah" Handel
EVENING.
Organ prelude, "Et Resurrexlt" from First
•) Mass ' .'.Mozart
Anthem. "Christ, the Lord. Is Risen". .B,uck
Invocation
Hymn, "Hark. "Ten Thousand Harps". .Mason
Reading of Scripture ........ \ •¦
Tenor solo, "Angels Roll the Rock Away..:
. ...Hawley
Prayer ..."..:..}.. * • •'•
Anthem "As It Began to Dawn".. Vincent
Hymn, "Hall to the Lord's Anointed". . .Webb
Announcements . .' •
Offertory, soprano solo, "AUelulla" Norris
Address .-.
Chorus "Raise Tour Triumph High": .Wlegand
Hymn '"All Hall the Power of Jesus'
Name" ' .". :. .Holder.
Benediction ...... ....:.
Organ postlude.- "Hallelujah Chorus" from ,
•. ¦ 'Mount of Olives" ..".;.. Beethoven
- The choir — Miss ' Florence J. Doane. Mlsa
jean S Currie. Mrs. James E. Gordon,' Edward
M Moore, Charles Jenkins. Mrs. William
Barnes Mrs. H. B. Cady. Mrs. Maud Day
Caine G , E. Averlll, Charles-. E. K»r. Miss
Mabel' Florence Gordon. Mrs. A: . F. Plllsbury.
Mrs *hn H. Arms, Matthew McCurrle.
Charles H Van Orden. assisted by Mrs. Charles
A Owynn. ' vloliniste ; William F. Hooke. or
ganist and choirmaster.
Grace Episcopal. .
MORNING..
Rev R.'C. Foute. rector;. Rev. J. W.. Nich
ols curate Celebration of > holy communion
will begin at 8 A.m.. with music by the ladies'
choir of the church. Morning service at 11
Processional. "At the Lamb's High Feast
. We Sine".. .......Sir George Elvey
Opening anthem, "And Behold! There Was :
a Grent > Earth<juake' ' ... r. .. Caleb Simper
Gloria after. Psalter • from VMesse de Or
pheonlstes' ....:.-.........- ....Gounod
Organ prelude, "Hallelujah Chorus" from
. Emmanuel Baptist. y
. '.MORNING.
Organ volunatry. "Festival Fantasia"....
;...-. .'. ...... .". : Tschtrch
Hymn. :....-.?.: ."..." Joy. to the World" < No. 5)
Invocation ..::.:.....'. .'
Barytone solo, '.'Christ Is Risen". .. .....Lowry
. . / Rev. J. George Gibson.
Responsive' reading. .......... .Y Psalm xvl
Soprano solo, "King of Kings"........ Brack«tt
•...;. Mlis <M/ Slocombe. .' ,.'.'.:
; Prayer •..'...'. '.. :. .•
Lord's Prayer .« ¦...;..'. ' '
1 - .- '. Chanted by Congregation. „.„.
Organ prelude. "Andante" .Blcillan
Congregational -hymn. : • • •-• ~
,u .... . "Stand Up for Jesus'V (No.. 3)
Barytone solo,' "The Resurrection"..;.. Shelley
¦¦;., \ . . j W. E.'Wlrham. %\ ' ' .'.' _ o
Scripture reading.. V.I Corinthians, xv, 15-ol-oS
"Gloria Patrl'' ...........::. * »
Congregation please rise •. and . sing.
Soprano solo, "The King of Glory".. ...Coombs
<. Mlsa F. H. Perkins. :.'.';
Notices.".... :......'..: ...;../.. •
Organ offertory. "Pastorale" Durand
Barytone solo, "Jerusalem and Bethany .. '•¦••_
.......................... ... .:.... .-Froelich
'" -" . ReV. J. George Gibson."
Talk by the Pastor ........... .V. :*:S'
Hymn. ."My Faith Looks Up to Thee", (No. '14)
Benediction ....".....'..;.'....'.;.. ;:.."...'..• '- ¦
Organ postlude, . March. .'. V. . . .'.T. . . .-. . .Gounod
Reader ..David Maddox/- .
First 'violin..'.'.'.... Miss G. Hemmlnga . - ,
Second violin .....B. Hemmlnga v , .
. Piano. ............... :Merton E.- Titus v
, -Organist......... '.Miss Lptta -Underhlll
Assistant . to : organist ...:.-....... •"• ,
: ,....•...:. Miss Lillian Bennett
'-:'-\. .? .^•EVENING,.''.' ... \. : .
Organ voluntary. Mass In G. . .'. . \.\ . . . .Millard
Hymn.;., "Onward, Christian Soldiers" (No. 0),
Invocation' • •' • • • • •' ¦'
Barytone solo, "Why Seek Ye'.'.j ..Froelich
Rev. J/ George Gibson (with violin obllgato).
Scripture reading .John, xx, 1-18
Contralto solo, "Awake, Te Sons of Light
and = Glory" ...... ... :.'.'. 1 • • • • .Spence
.'. • • Mrs. George Norton. .
Prayer and Lord's Prayer ..*...
"¦ . Chanted by Congregation. ,-•
Violin solo. "Berceuse" • Godard
' (With organ accompaniment.)
Congregational hymn
..."All Hail the Power" (No. 2)
Bas* solo, '"The Palms" .Faure
. . • . E. J. Loughery. >.
Scripture reading Luke, xx'.v, 40-53
"Gloria Patrl"...:............. ...... ;
' Congregation please rise and sing.
Barytone solo, "The Heavenly Dream"
'...'. Treharne
, Otis M. Carrington. *
Notices ..
Soprano solo, "Easter Day" Marzo
- Miss S. Towle.
Organ offertory .......: Battmann
(1) Marche Solonelle
(2) Marche Mouvcment
Barytone solo, "O Lovely Easter Day".. Dubols
Rev. J. George Gibson (with violin obllgato).
Talk by the Pastor.
Hymn ."My Country 'Tis of Thee" (No. 20)
Benediction ; '
Organ postlude, "Hallelujah Chorus" ... Handel
, Reader. .....' David Maddox
' ¦ Violin..... .;...' .....Paul A. Normand
Cornet. W. F. Altvater
. .Piano Merton E. Titus
¦ ..Organist .Miss Lotta Underhill
Assistant to organist •
, ( . , Miss Lillian Bennett
:«•,» .St. Dominic's.
Organ solo, sonata In D minor. ..'/.'?7:<3u11ment
"Asperges" .' .Lejelal
Generall's Mass in G ("Alma Virgo").. Hummel
"Venl Creator".' .......' Monti
Offerton'. "Exulta Slon" Hammerel
Poetludo. Finale Brlllante. ........ .'. . Gullment
EVENING.
"Arm. Arm. Te Brave". Handel
"In . Paradlsm" Dubols
'"Venl Creator" .'. Howe
Offertory. Easter anthem. "Sing With All
. > the Sons of Glory" Howe
VO Salutarls" r. . .Palmer
"Tantum ' Ergo" .......' iV.1t ". Wlegand
Laurtnte, ¦ "Blessing, Honor" Howe
• Postlude, "Coronation" .... . . .". .... .Meyerbeer^
..Members of the solo choir are: Misses Lil
lian L. Roeder, Eleanor Joseph, Ella V. Me-
Cioskey. Mrs. H. Clark. Messrs. F. Onslow, G.
M. Lonsr, Ernest George and W. C. Webb;
James Hamilton Howe, organist and director.
Howard Presbyterian. ;'¦-?;.'.
MORNING. .
vices in the Catholic church will bo or a
very solemn character. Hlglj mas3e3
will be celebrated In all the churches und
the Blessed Sacrament will be carried in '
procession. In honor of holy wee,; . all
the altars have been beautifully decor
ated.
Solemn pontifical mass will be cele
brated at St. Mary'a Cathedra! by the
Most Rev. Archbishop Rlordan. The
Archbishop will consecrate the holy oila
during the mass, and the blessed sacra
ment will bo carried in solemn procession
from the high altar to tne repository, in.
the evening the devotions will include
the recital of the rosary and a sermon
by Rev. Father Mulligan. To-morrow
being Good Friday, devotions of the way
of tne cross for tne children of the par
ish will be held at 3 o'clock.
The following - programmes have been
arranged for Thursday and Friday:
- i :/- Holy Cross Church.
Holy Thursday, solemn high mass and pro
cession of the blessed sacrament, commencing
at 0 o'clock.
- Gbod Friday, veneration of the cross. . fal
lowed by the usual Good Friday services, to
1 begin at 0 o'clock; way of the cipss loc c&U
dren at 3 o'clock p. m. : evening devotions to
commence at 7:30 p. m. and to comprise tho
' way of the cross and a sermon on the "Pas
sion"-by the Rev. Francis Harvey of St. Pat
rick's Seminary. Menlo Park.
Old St' Mary'a Church (Paulists.).
Wednesday evening. 7:30 o'clock. Tenebrae;
sermon. "The Beloved Disciple." the , Rev.
Father Doherty.
Thursday morning. Holy Communion at 8:30.
7 and 8 o'clock. Solemn mass and procession
of the blessed sacrament at 9 a. m. ; evening.
7:30 o'clock, Tenebrae: sermon. "Hidden
Manna." the Rev. Father CKeeffe.
Good Friday morning, 9 o'clock, veneration
of 1 the cross ; solemn mass of the presanctlfled,
chanting of the "Passion." procession o( the
blessed sacrament; 3 o'clock p. m.. way of
the cross; 7:30 o'clock p. m.. .Tenebrae. Ser
mon, "The Watches of the Passion." the Rev.
Father Smith.
St. Patrick's Church.
. Wednesday evening, recitation of the rosary
and benediction of the blessed sacramentt.
Thursday morning. 8 o'clock, celebration of
solemn high mass, followed by a procession of
the blessed sacrament; sermon in the evening
at 7:30 o'clock.
Good Friday, mass of the presanctlfled at 4
a. m.. followed by the veneration of the way of
the cross;- devotion of the way Of the cross for
the children of the parish, beginning at 3:3O
o'clock; way of the cross at 7:30 o'clock 'and
a sermon.
.St. Francis' Church.
The high mass will commence at 9 o'clock
and afterward there- will be a procession with
the blessed sacrament. This evening the, de
votions will begin at 8 o'clock. Rev. • Father
McGeough will preach upon the blessed Eucha
rist. . .
To-morrow, Good Friday, the mass of th»
presanctlfled will commence at 0 o'clock. The
"Passion" will be sung and there will be a
procession in the church. The way of thi
eross will begin at 8 o'clock in the evening,
after which a sermon on the- "Passion" .will bo
delivered j by the pastor, the Rev. T. Carrahe-.
who spent last holy week in Jerusalem.
••¦. <~ : ,...-.... .... — — ¦ '.- _ ,
THE music to be rendered on Easter morning in the various churches of this city will be of a high order. For
the last few weeks choirs have been practicing the selections they will render on Sunday next. The choirs will
be augmented with orchestras. All the churches will be beautifully decorated with lilies and smilax. Special
sermons, appropriate to tho- day, will be preached by the ministers. The following musical programmes have
"Te Deum" ; (Root's service In G). .......
"Jubilate" (QilchrUfi service in D flat)
Introu , "Christ, the Lord,. la HUen To
• Day" .. Mozart
"Kyrie ' (Holt's service In D Hat)
Offertory, "If Ye Then Be Risen." "An It
Began to Dawn" W. M. HIM*
"Sanctus" (Taylor in C)....::.'
"Gloria In Excelsls" (old chant)."
Recessional, "The Day of Reaurrectlon" .Tours
Sunday school Easier service at 3:30 p. m.
Full ccthedral service at 7:45 p. m. •• <
Processional. ."Jesus Christ Is Risen To
, Day" ..; Monk
Psalter (chanted to Gregorian tones).
"Magnificat" and "Nunc Dlmlttlu"
Dr. Martin's festival service tn B flat
Anthem. • vOortie, g«id Jesus" Nevin
Offertory,' "He Is Risen" Schneeker
/ After service organ recital of fifteen min
utes.- Members -of the choir: First tenor*—
. Messrs. J. . jr. , Veaco, Charles . Dotting. Fred
! Purdy, WV Y. Berrlll: second ' tenor*— W. E.
Smith.' J. V. Treasider. W. Woolcock: flrst
bassos— S.' Homer Henley. Cyril E. Holt. Harry
Fossey. P. Wallace; second bassos — Charles
Parent. WtHlam McDonald, George H. Hooke.
E. T. Hewitt: cross bearer,' Vance Edwards;
organist and choirmaster, William H. Holt.
. Pint English Lutheran.
V.'lvV- "¦' ' , MORNING. -.
The solemn morning- service at ' 11 o'clock
.will Include a sermon, . "The • Three . Crosses,"
and- the following: music: • .; ¦:.%, ¦•-. •"¦
"O Day of Penitence" ...Gounod
"He Was Despised"... J. Felton
"Throned Upon the Awful Tree"..........
'. • .;.. ....;.......... F. A.- G. Ouseley
"Beside the Cross" ("The •* Seven Last
Words").*..". ....'..."•':. ".:.".-.". .Th. Dubols
Offertory, "There Is" a : Green Hill Far
Away" ;.....M. A. Fyfe
Hymns :..... 243, 253, 256 (part 1 and part 7)
. Immediately /following thisservlce there will
be preparatory senrices. for communion on
Easter mornlnr. -¦¦— ¦ . .. • ¦¦¦>- %•'••
;^__ St. .Charles. Borromeo.
MORNING.
-' Solemn high*mass will be celebrated at 10:30
on Easter morning. - The celebrant will be Rev.
James McDonald;- deacon; Rev. E. M. O'Loon
ey; sub-deacon. Kev. T. P. Moran. AI. A. The
sermon- will be - preached by -Rev. E. M.
O'Looney. The choir, conslMing of Misses.
Daisy V. Keane, Dollle Morren.'Kate F. Byrne.
Messrs. George F. . Keane. Herbert E. Medley
and D. C. Sheerin. will render Glorza s nrst
mass, assisted by a stTlng orchestra. The
mass will be followed by benediction, during
which Mr. Keane will sing Wlegand 1 O
Salutarls," with violin obligate by C. t..
Schmltt. followed by. Rossi's "Tantum Ergo
and Lambilottl's "Alleluia." Organist, Mlsa
Agnes Morton.. ' - 7 : ." ¦
- The members of Company B. League or the
Cross Cadets, will receive : communion at a
high military mass, to be held at 7 :30o clock.
Corporals Joseph J. Barns - and- JHugh McCourt
will be acolytes. Rev. Father Moran, who is
the chaplain of the company, will celebrate the
mass. Sergeant Samuel Piercy will render the
drum beats and cornet solos will be rendered
by Steven Bovo. The members of Company
B will assemble in the church hall at the
corner of Eighteenth and Shotwell streets at
7:13 a. m. and thence march. to the church to
attend services. • After the mass an .exhibition
drll! will be- held on Shotwell street and wili
be reviewed by the clergy. ;
Central 'Methodist Episcopal.
Special Easter : «ervjce» at Central Methodist
Episcopal Chureh^-af-vwhlch the following
music will be rendered: "-O- . ¦
. ¦ ¦ MORNINGS-
Organ voluntary, grand choir Gullmant
Anthem. "The Day of Resurrectlon"..Schnecker
Festival "Te Deum" in E fiat Dudley Buck
Offertory solo. "The Resurrection Hour" ...
¦ ............... I • • Neldllnger
Orga'ii' voluntary, march S. B. Whitney
8unday school Easter service at
-.12:30 p. m. ; ' ... -L
Organ voluntary • • » Widor
Anthem. "Allelulla! Christ Is Risen".. Dennee
Orchestial selection. "Calvary". ....... Rodney
• Under Charles Edgar Robson.
Tenor solo. "The Resurrection" Shelley
Anthem. "The Strife Is O'er" Neldllnger
Violin solo. "Cavatina"... ..;. ,....Bohm
Anthem. . "HoaannaV . . . ™ . ... ?• . •¦• . . .Granler
OCertory. solo. "The Lord Is Risen": •..Lansing
',/ ¦'. ¦' With violin '.obllgato. 1 .^ 3 " u ' v
: Orran "voluntary. "Easter March" .';..Lemmens-
The quartet choir, conslstirtg "of Mrs.*' Alice
E.^Cramer soprano, -.Miss Logan • Tooley : con
tralto, Robert D. Pattlspn tenor. Walter BUrck
halttir basso, will be assisted by Charles Edgar
Robson, solo violinist, ' orchestra and < chorus
under • the direction of Roscoe. Warren Lucy,
organist and choirmaster. ' '
Cathedral Mission.
. • MORNING.
Processional , hymn; "Jesus Christ Is Risen
To-day'» .' Morgan
Easter anthem, (chant) . Humrrey
"Te Deum In D\' .Woodward
Jubilate (chant) .....Kins
Introlt, hymn, "Angels Roll the Rock
Away'.' . . . .' Roper
Kyrle. "Gloria Tlbi" :...-..... ..'..¦. Tours
Sermon hymn, "The Strife Is O'er"
......:.....:.'...'. T... ..'.Palestrlna
"Gloria Patri" :. ...Humfrey
Anthem, "Now Is Christ Risen.. John E.' f West
Doxology, "Old Hundred" '...¦
"Sursum Corda, Sanctus" ".V ......Tours
Eucharistlc hymn, "O Saving Victim"... Uglow
"Agnus Dei" .< Tours
"Gloria In Excelsls" Old Chant
"Nunc Dlmlttls" (chant) ..:...: ...Gower
Retrocesslonal hymn, "Christ the Lord Is
Risen To-day" Rlmbault
Rev. J. P. Turner, preacher.
EVENING. •
Processional hymn, "Jesus Christ Is Risen
To-day" .' Morgan
"Gloria Patrl" -, Humfrey
"Magnificat" • Garrett
"Nunc Dlmittls" ..; .Garrett
Evening hymn, "The Radiant Morn"...Ouseley
Sermon hymn, "Angels Roll the Rock
Away" ...! - Roper
"Gloria Patrl" ....:... Simper
Anthem. "Now Is Christ Risen".. John E. West
Doxology. "Old Hundred"
Retroceseional hymn, "Christ the Lord Is
Risen" . s ... Rlmbault
Rev. W. A. Brewer of San Mateo, preacher.
AFTERNOON.
The Sunday school Easter service will be held
on the afternoon at 3 o'clock. Musical pro
gramme will be as follows: :
Orchestra, "War March of the Priests". .
Processional hymn No. 112
Lord's prayer. Hymn No. 116. Lesson
cried. Children's hymn. Awarding of
prizes.'
Hymn No. 121 •..'....
Address '.'.... :.....k.i.
Offertory, cornet solo, "Softly Rang the
Bolls of Heaven"- '.
Doxology '-¦...'. .'....' •
Orchestra, "Evening Song"
Hymn No. 122
Benediction . . . .' .
Recessional hymn No. Ill :......
Orchestra ., •"•••
Miss Brown, organist.
CLOSING LENTEN DEVOTIONS.
All Churches Unite in Preparing for
the Coining Easter.
At Trinity Episcopal Church last night
the. oratorio of the "Crucifixion;" as
written by Sir John Stainer, was pre
sented to an immense ' congregation,
•which filled every part of the sacred edi
fice. Rev. F. W. Clampett, the rector of
the church, was in charge of the affair,
while the musical portion was under the
direction of Loul3 H. Eton, as. organist
end director. The congregation assisted
in the concerted pieces. The. principal
singers were: Soprano, Miss Flynn;
contralto, Miss Wheeler: tenors. Mr. Aap
land. Mr. Kelleher; bass, Mr. Mills, Mr.
Kneiss.
Three Episcopal clergrymen occupied thof
pulpit of Grace Church last night in the
concluding: exercises of the united ser
vices of the various Episcopal churches
of the city. The "Nicene Creed" was the
subject discussed, and the topics assigned
were as follows: Rev. M. D. Wilson,
"Catholic and Apostolic Church": Rev.
H. H. Powell, "One Baptism"; Rev. L.
C. Sanford, "Resurrection and Life ¦ of
World to Come."
Rev. Father Doherty. C. S. P.,
preached at old St. Mary's Church Ia3t
T.ight the first of a series of sermons
bearing upon the "Passion." His sub
ject'was "The Beloved Disciple.'* The
first part of the "Tenebrae" was suns by
the surpHced sanctuary choir. To-night
Father O'Keeffe, C. S. P., will, preach,
his topic being "Hidden Manna."
Mayor Schmitz . Is. _an Inter
ested Spectator at Clos
ing Session. ,
Programmes of Sacred Nature Have Been Prepared, and the Glad Tidings
That "Christ Is Risen" Will Be Sung in Every Church of the City.
I . . ¦ ¦ . •
Special Sermons Appropriate to the Day Are in Course of Preparation
Recount. Results in a Vic
tory for Two .Union
Men.
COGHLAN LEADS
BY A FEW VOTES
AUGMENTED CHOIRS WILL RENDER
BEAUTIFUL MUSIC EASTER SUNDAY
9
THE SAN ; FKA3STCISCO C ALL, .THURSp AY, MARCH 27 r 1902.
Members of Sunday School Classes Contemplate a Bazaar, the Booths of
Which Will Be Attended by Little Ones Arrayed in Costumes of the
Mikado's Land—Boys Rehearsing Pantomime. and the Girls Fan Drill
UNITARIAN CHILDREN OF ALAMEDA
TO GIVE JAPANESE "BLOSSOM DAY"
ADVEHTI.3ETIEEHT3.
GRAPE-NUTS.
"Deah Miw. Ptsiiuam: — I want to
tell you and all tho young ladies of the
country, how grateful I am to you for
all the benefits I have received from
using JLydin E. Pinkbam'a Vege-
table Compound. I suffered for
From the Treasurer of the
Young People's Christian Tem-
perance Association, Elizabeth
Caine, Fond du Lac, Wis.
TO YQUNO LADIES,
Mrs." Pinlvham invites all
young women iwho are ill to
write bov forfr«o advice* Ad-
dress Lynn, Mass.
MISS ELIZABETH CATMS.
eight months from suppressed men-
struation, and it effected my entire
system until I becamo weak and debil-
itated, and zt ti:ne3 felt that I had a
hundred aches in as many places. I
only used the Compound for a few
¦weeks,' but it wrought a change in me
which I felt froin the very beginning.
I have been very re£pilar since, have no
pains, and find that my entire body is
as if it was renewed. I gladly recom-
mend L.ydia E. Pinkham's Vege-
table Coin pound to "everybody." —
Miss Elizabeth Caiste, CO W. Division
St., Fond du Lac, , Wis.— $5000 forfeit If
above testimonial I: rat gprt'Jin:.
At such a time the greatest aid to
nature is L.ydia E. Pinkham's
Vegetable Compound. It prepares
the young system * for. the coming
change, and is the surest reliance for
woman's ills of every nature.
This food can be digested and will, fat-
ten a nursing infant, and it also sustains
and works wonders with the hardest
physical and mental workers, including
football and baseball players, athletes of
ell kinds, editors, doctors, ministers, law-
yers, business men and' other • bratn
workers. ,' y \j
"So. -with my former experience in mind.
I got fl\'e packages of Grape-Nuts and
eome packages of Postum "Coffee 'which,
with a little sugar and salt, were all the
supplies I took with me, and for nlny
days* laborious climbing over the rougb>
est country out of doors I had nothing
else except an occasional trout caught
from the stream. I came back feeling
first-class and am offering to bet that I
can average thirty miles a day over
mountain trails with thirty pounds of
blanketa.. etc.. on nothing but Grape-
Xute." ¦¦MBMABMHBKfB
*'I had, a short time before, been proB-
pectlr.g with an old mountaineer in the
Bitter Root range in Montana. He was
an enthusiast on the subject of Grape-
JCuts and Postum Coffee. : In fact, h»
lived on them.- I used to' 'Josh* htm
about his 'grub,' but soon grew to like
It myself, and finally got to eating Grape-
Nuts three times a day, and as much
oftener as I trot the chance.
. "I determined to have a look for it,
and, as the formation Is volcanic, it is
too Trough for pack animals. The problem
was how to carry food enough, in addi-
tion to my pick, pan and blanket, for a
lwo weeks' sojourn in the mountains.
Joseph Morehead, whose headquarters
are in Elgin, Ore., writes: "Last fall I
came down here, attracted by the rich
strikes in the Baker City fields. On my
arrival I heard a 'fairy story-' of 1 a 'lost
lake* in the Blue Mountains." "¦which" was
said to be fabulously rich in. coarse gold.
The story had all the 'ear marks* of ihe
MoEt mine' and 'lost cabin* stories to be
heard in every mining district— prospector
driven out by Indians; brought pocket
full of nuggets with him; died, and. left
the customary rough sketch of the local-
ity, etc., etc.' :_'.'-•
Prospecting for gold makes hiisky men
even if they don't always find the gold.
Ecme times these men Can tell interesting
tales.
LOST LAkE.
Said to Be Fabulously Sich in CoarseFROM ' SEATTLE. .
I^OTk — In'the-above exposition of the' tides
the ' early , morning: • tides T are : given ' In ; the left
THURSDAY 1 . MAF.CII 27.
tJnlted States ' Coast v and 'Geodetic Survey —
Times .. and Heights ' of • High • and '; Uw
Waters • at : Fort . Point;. Vntrance. to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent. ¦ --.; ' :
NOTE — The high .'and low. water? occur at
the city: front (Mission-street- wharf ) r ' about
tw«ity-flve minutes later than at Fort Point:
the height of tide is. the. Fame at both places.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Branch Hydrographic Office, U. S. X.. Mer
chants' Exchange.' San- Francisco,, Cal.,
. March 20. 1002. ....-.-- ..:,-¦ 4
The Time Ball on • the ; tower " of the . Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day.
I. e.. at noon of the -320th meridian.: or at- S
p. m., Greenwich mean time. . ¦
. . , W.~H. . STANDLET, -
Lieutenant U. S. ¦ N.', in charge. "
Time Ball."
Mr tiers of Interest to Mariners and
. Snipping Merchants.
The British bark . Inverclyde is chartered for
wheat and barley to Europe at 23s.
The Austrian steamer Maria, now at this
port, goes to Portland to load flour for Vlad
ivostok. ..- ; . . '
The German steamer Theodor Wille loads
lumber at Portland for Shanghai, 40s, charter
ed in Shanghai. "• - ; 'T' :^v;--\i
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE
TO SAIL
Sailed March 2H— Schr Roy Scmers, . .for
'Port-Htidlofk; schr Falconr- fcr' Coos Bay; schr
Annie- Larsen, t for Tacoma; stmr - Bonita.' for
San Francl-:co. ,- -: ¦ ¦ -¦ ••;/.', .
EURKKA— Arrived March, 26— Stmr." All!-,
anc?,' hence March 24.' ¦ " ' . • - :
NEAH BAY— Passed In r March 20— Ger stmr
H^rmftithlB.- hence March 22, for. Nanaimo and
Tacoma: schr Sola.nc, - from S Shanghai ; ' etmr
Aauiicion, -hence Match 22,' l or. Tacoma :>\ -. . ¦
Ff>.tsed out March? '-26 — Br.- stmr ."¦ Wyefleld,'
from i Ccraoj. - .'or . Port Los Angeles; Jan stmr
Tc3a .Marti, fcr IT inliniii ' i In liyllUWMwrtlUBij]
POPvT ; LUDLOW—gailed . March 20— Schr'
Ilalboa, for Kob?.'^SBBBMMB^39 al B*UP«MB0i
POP.T ,' I-OS ANGELES— Sailed March ; 26-.-
Stmr Spokane, for San. Francisco. •
' FOHT ; BRAGG— Arrived \ March ; 26r-Stmf
Noyo, hence: March ?5. '¦ - ". ' r-'. . '\ :
.Sailed March ;.28 — Stmr .Coqullle River, V for
San Francisco. ..".'• . '• ; - ,- , ¦• ' ",
- PORTLAND— Arrived' March '29— Stmr Ful- I
ton. ; frcm San Francisco. , .
¦ CASPAR-rSailed: March. -^C-T-Stmr: Sarnoar!
01 ~~ ¥ ' . .ISLAND PQRTS.
• HONOLULTJ-^-Arrived : March 12— Stmr. Pert:;
hence March 5;Br stmr Aorangl, t rom Sydnev. ;
March i 13— U > S , Ktmr; fisrbert.i- from %. Manilar
; March 14— Bktn Archer,- hence . Feb '• 10. ~ March
15— Br'stmr Miowera. .from Victoria: stmr.Eu
reka. «from ; "Anahola. ¦; March 117 — Bktn -S^N
Cast le. hence Feb ' 2S. -' March ¦ 18— Bark • Gerard
C .Tobey, ; l'elice "" March-, 3.'" ¦ March i ' 10-^Schr
Frank -W Howe," from Mauritius toi-Port-Tbwti
seiul, :put' in on' account ; of? sickne£3.- March
lO^Bi-'Etrrr..- Coptic. whence March 13. "
- Sailed .'March 12— Bark " Sonoma. •¦; for 'Port
.Townscnd ; ; Br ttmr; Aorangl, ; for /Victoria; . bktn
POINT LOBOS, March 2(1.' 10 p , m— V.'eathcr
hnzy; wind W. velocity Vi mlU>*. ¦ •. ¦-.- ¦ '
. ¦ DOMESTIC PORTS. . . - '
TACOMA — Arrived -March ;'26 — Stn* ¦ Uma
trlla,. from 'Seattle; bktn Chasi;' Crocker, trotrt
Valperalso.* :> ,- .. ¦ .-. ; . > ; ¦ - .. . _
Arrived .March 20 — Kktn .' Chas F ,- Crocker,"
fr»m Valfiaralso. '...•- • \ . ¦
SEATTLE— Sailed March 2rt— Stmr ' New
port,-for \'aldez; stmr Jean le, for Alaska. • ".
• Arrived islarch 2(i- — t-tmr Hxuelslor, from Val
dez; stmr DolDliiri.Mrom Skanway. March 25
— Jap utmr-'Kaisa Mai-u, trom». Victoria;- stmr
Umntllla. hence March C2. .
i Arrived March 2li — Stmr .'. FrancH ' Cuttlog,
hence March 12. and sailed for.Chlgtilk.' . \. •
• Sailed March 2*J-7-Stmr John S • iCImball, ' for
San Francisco.' ¦'¦¦¦*¦ ; ' ¦ • • . •¦ .- - ' : -,S
. ASTORIA— Arrived March 26— Stmr Indra
pura, from. Shlmonosekl; stmr Columbia, hence
March'- 1'*. . , ~~ ¦ - . • '..
' POINT REYES— Passed : March 24. - 4 :40 r>
m-7-Htnir' Stmr W. H 'Krucer, . from Tlllamook,
for . San Pe<h->. :';'.¦'. ' ' ' . ••' •
••• SAN PEDRO— Arrived March 26— Stmr,
Bonlto," hence il'Iarch .23; ' echr • Forest •; Home,
from 'Columbia River. ." . ¦ ¦
TKLEGRAP1IIC.
LONrON*,. Maix ; :-. 'JtJ — nr chin : Monkbafns,
from Liverpool, for San Francisco, was spoken
on March ft, Int 12 R. Ion I'AW. , AllwelLHod
been on tire find hncl cargo damaged,, but had
been extlnruls-hed. .', . . ..- . .
MISClCLLANKOrS.
• March 5. lat 3 N. Ion .*!1 W— Itnl ship F S
Ciampa, hence Nov 11, for CJueenstown. •
¦ Per stmr Alamcdu— Ma»ch ¦ 24. '4 p m. Inl
H.T Ki N. Ion 134 ?5 W, siil:> Florence, hence
Mnrch 11). for Comox.
. Wednesday, March 20. .
Stmr State of California,' Thomas, San Dlegi.
Stmr Redwood City, Hansen, Bowens Land
ins.
*»tmr Luclla, Olsen, • Caspar. '¦." --•-•.
Stmr National City. Johnson. Fort Bragg.
Ktmr Navnrro. Dcvltt, Caf.par.
Stmr 'Edith. Hall, Seattle. .
Bktn TrcDic lslrd. Jackson, Paosete. •
Bktn Omeca. Mackie, Wlllapa Harbor.- . •
bohr A II Johnsun, LlnKelhoyt. Oravs Har
bor.
Schr Fannie Adele. Belleaen. Coos Bay.
Schr. James ¦• HoU>h. ¦ OIsmi, Ktllisnoo.
¦ OUTSIDE BOUND IN. ;12; MIDNIGHT.
Schr Volunteer, from Falrhaven. '
-:V";' SPOKEN. .
' ..'.'.¦:;•*.-;': Wednesday. March 26.
Stir.r City of Puebla, Jepsen, Victoria; Good
all. Peikiua &1 Co. '
Stmr Coos Bay, Smith, San Pedro; Goodall,
Perkins & Co. . • ¦:
Au« stmr Maria. Hreglich, Portland; M D
Hrerlich, master. V ,
Bark Challenger, Fownes, Vancouver; Hind
Rolph & Co. ' ' , :
Schr James Rolph, Olsen, Honolulu, via Kil
lisnoo; Henry F Allen. '-.I^D^V;
| SAILED.
CLEARED.
tow. ' .
Br I ship Wanderer, Dunning, 7 ¦ days ( from
Tacoma; bound to Oueenstown; put in for
medical assistance.'
Br bark Killoran, Jones, 130 days from South
Shield". --.'•¦• - - v
Bktn Willie R Hume. .Wilson, 8 days from
Port Blakeley. • ! •
IJktn Ruth. Cameron. :>0 hours from Eureka.
Barge Santa Paula, McGovern, -50 hours from
San Pedro, in tow tus Rescue. ¦ "" ¦ .
Schr Fannie Dutard, Hanscn. 40 hours from
Santa Barbara. In tow stmr Chehalis.
Schr North Bend. Jackson, 5 days from Wil
laiia Harbor. 'fc'i. -^¦¦'¦':'»
Stmr Signal, Bcndegard, 48 : hours from Coos
Bay. ..¦>¦¦:¦ -< ri ¦¦¦- :•¦ - • ¦ itatttiMl >
Stmr Arctic. Reiner. 23 hours from Eureka,
. Stmr Geo.W Elder, Randall. 64 hours from
Portland, via Astoria -4B hours.- •: r i
Stmr Pomona. Shea. 17 Vi hours from Eureka.'
Stmr Scotia, WalviK, ' 3tf hours from Crescent
City. . ". '.,- • -¦-.'¦ ' • '' . . '
t^tmr Co<juille River, Johnson, ;1S hours from
Fort Brag:^.' - ' '
Stmr Geo Loomis. Bridsrett. .43 hours from
Redondo. . .' •'' .
Stmr Chehalis, Thorns son, 46 hours froT.
Santa Barbara, with schr Fannie Dutard in
Shipping Intelligence.
, ARRIVED. . .
.-. Wednesday, March 26. :.
Stmr Alameda, Herriman, 6 days from Hono
lulu. ... . . . -
Stmr Newsboy, Johannsen, 25 : hours from
Eureka. - ¦' ;.-.:;.• .
STEAMSHIP WHICH HAS
MADE 100 TRIPS BETWEEN
HERE AND HONOLULU.
hand column" and the successive ¦ tides of the
day, In the order of occurrence' as to time; the
I fourth time column gives the ; last tide of the
day, except when there are but (three tides, as
sometimes occurs.. The heights given are In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes ,*he. height', and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
! of the lower low waters. " v .
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Santa. Barbara leaking a few days ago. arrived
here yesterday in tow of the steamer Chehalis.
p^r^EIE steamship Alamcda arrived
I yesterday from Honolulu, after, a
S verj r stormy 'voyage. She encoun
¦ U. tcred head winds and heavy seas
from the beginning 1 of the trip un
til within a few hundred miles from port,
when a big beam sea made the going de
cidtdly uncomfortable.-
The Alameda brought a large number
of passengers, and, in spite of the opposi
tion of the elements,' made the trip in
tlx days, 21 hours.'
With this voyage the Alameda com
pletes ner hundredth round trip between
here and Honolulu and rounds out nine
teen years of as remarkable service as
car. be found recorded In the marine an
nals of any part of the world.
She was built in 1833 by William Cramp.
She has made sixty-eight voyages to Aus
tralia and a hundred trips to Honolulu,
and from the time of hor launching until
her last voyage to Australia she was
never once laid up for repairs. She made
her record trip at eighteen years of age,
and during the recejif phenomenally
stormy weather that has prevailed in the
N'crth ratific demonstrated that she has
lost none of her ability to take good care
of herself.
During her lifetime she has traveled
1.049,520 miles, and this without a break
down or any serious accident to her hull
or machinery. Her woodwork was re
built about a year ago and her deck and
cabin arrangements remodeled on strictly
up-to-date lines. In spite of all she has
accomplished, she is to-day virtually a
r-f-w boat and capable for years to coma
of maintaining her reputation as the most
successful shin afloat.
Captain Morse was the Alameda's first
commander. He was succeeded by Cap
tain Van Oterendorp, now master of the
Sonoma. Captain C F. Herriman, the
present commander, succeeded Van Oter
endorp.
The cabin passe.ngers who came up on
the A?ameda were:
A.- AV. Ahlbcrn. H. Ahlbsrn. Mrs. C. H.
Atherton and three children. Mrs. G. M.
Bright. Mr. and Mrs'. R. Bury. A. D. Buti,
Mm*. Bishop and maid. J. K. Clyne, Mrs.
I'hawgc. Miss Coombf, Miss . Carden, E. . D.
i-'arr. \V\ H. Corbin. Mr. and Mrs. O. H.
Campbell. Mrs. C M. Cameron. H. Davis. C.
K. Efpy and wife. J. Fujmaka ar^i wife, H.
C. Forrester. \V. O. Oilkey. J. F. Gurney, Mrs.
and Mirs Hathaway. Mrs. C. J. Horgan. Lieu
tenant Hancock. V. S. A., J. J. Hanley. H.
W. Holllng. <5. H. Irb;. H. A. Koehler. Henry
Koehler. O. C. Koehler. Mrs. H. Koehler. Mr.
end Mrs. T. Jvakita. and servant, G. D. Linn,
Ooorge E. Ltllle. S. Morris Lillie, F. J. Low
rey and con, D. J. McKay. C Wesley Mcrvey,
E. A. P. Newccrrb. F. A. Ifagle, Mrs. S. New
comb. Master Prlester. Mrs. Prlester. Mr. and
Mrs. Roraback. R. Ritchie. J. Rosenberg. W.
E. Sauer. G. Sessinghacs. \V. J. Scherer. Mrs.
J. B. Spitrer and son. Miss J. Spitzer. C. Strom.
T. Takagi, Mr. and Mrs. B. M. Thomas and
child, Ed P. Williams. Alexander Young.
Big Water Supply for Kauai.,
Among the freight dc-btincd for the Hawaiian
Islands In the hear future is the equipment for
an irrigation scheme of huge proportions. It
is a scheme which will involve the expenditure
cf more than fciOO.GOO and will increase th«
water supply en the island of Kaual-by 50.0C0.
l«m gallons daily. The present dally supply Is
ebout :JO.CCO,000 gallons, -which has been found
inadequate. The present supply is from the
Honap«-i>e R;ver. The water is brought by
gravity a distance of thirteen and a half miles.
There are six siphon pipes and 7000 feet oi
forty-inch steel p.pe in the line of routs. This
Bnd the flume work involves a heavy outla>
tor iriainter.anee. The new supply is to b«
brought trcm the'Mokaweli River and Its lins
of route runs through an almost inaccessible
canyon. Getting the new supply to Makawell
involve* tha construction of twenty-nine tun
pels within • a distance of five miles. These
tunnels will be saven feet high and seven feet
wide tnd vary in length from S00 to 1800 feet.
SI. M. O'Shaughnessy of this city, who mad;
the survey tor the new route, leaves shortly
ror Honolulu, having been appointed consulting
casinecfof the wcrk of construction.
Harbor Commissioners Meet.
tik> Harbor Ccmmissloners met yesterdaj
afternoon and did a little wiiolesale rejecting
of bids thct looked too high. Six bids wer«
eufcmitted for the construction of an additior
to the army transport wharf. The engineers
of the board estimated the expense of this
work st $0400. The bids submitted ranged
!:cm (8387 to $00U0 ar.«l were all rejected. In
lormal bids for repairing the breakwater at
litw FUherman'e wharf were also rejected foi
the rea&un t>.at they exce?*3ed WO00 and must
therefore be advertised. The San Franciscc
lion Wcrks was given the contract for repair
ing the- buckets of t^tate dredger Xo. i. It!
bid iH Sl'JT 00 was the lowest by a margin ol
nearly $SoO. The klgfaeet bid v.as $C20.
Egbert Is Ccrning' Slowly.
Thr lo:ig looked for army transport Egbert
vrill be here probably in about a wtek. She
leit' Honolulu Sunday. March' 1G. Captain
Hale, the quartermaster in charge ot the
transport, to.d CfcptalB Kerriman or the Ala
tne<^a thai h* v/oald not , try to make San
Francisco '.n less tlian llueen days. He is evi
dently keeping his word, because the Alimeda.
which Ic.t Honolulu Wednesday, March l'J.
three days later than th; Egbert, overhauled
and parsed the transport on J-riciay. March SU
The Bcbert is in ]>oor condition for traveling.
Acoordlng to Honolulu reports her bottom is
covered with a lout-thick armor of barnaelis
and trimme;l v.-ith j wa\-ing plumes of green
graes and seaweed.
Eatcs Hise en Oliver de Clisson.
nf.lr.Kurance en the French bark Oliver de
'llsson was Edveiufd- yesterday to 45 per
.¦cnt. She If now out from Cayenne JO'J days
»nd if locked u; on «« a good candidate for
:hc "fhJr'E raisg:nc" l:st-
Wanderer Wants a JMate.
The four-masttd bark V.'ar.derer, bound frorr
Tacorr.a to Que^nrtowu. put Jnio pert yester
day for a new mate. ' Chief Officer \V. Curls
tlan is rafTcrlng fi-cm tfitnr «.cute diseaeo of th<
rislst Ifg n-hlc!i may necessitate its amputa
tl«n.« Tho muiMd.v asjun.-il serjous " proitortion!
wen after leaving Tacojnu and it was dtcldfc
lo run in lierr to place the disabled officer un
¦irr proper rnedkal care and to secure nnothe;
mat?. 'WV«lM9BI0!tebffisaMHDMBMMfBM«
Uncle Sam Wants Blacksmith.
A M't'.rntiorst- for »hc c!v!l rfrAice rxajnlnjitlor
<-f i-Hini:i1-t.s Irnkinjr for.tlio p^ritlon of black
rtnllh'i' hcipor »t Terfca DaeSB buoy d;pot-v.*.ll
I* rrxfi\fd tnr the n?xt thirty day* at th?
o:flc# of th* I'nitH Ktatts I^tjrhthr.um? in
¦a*Ctor. 404 Sale Deposit building. The posi
tion i ¦;ij'.'> SI'i a mciitti.
Ch.ung'es of Commands.
captain Blg^Iriorct has taken rharjc«* of th>
whooa*r A. n. Johnson. <"«j)t!iln I^undburc hat
been oppolufd In command of the ship Stai
of Uusr i.-i. Captain Rosfndall takes the sehoonei
'¦hurc'hlll and Captain liellcbcn the schoonei
ranny Adelc.
»-__ .
Farmy Dutard Arrives.
he f^hoonpr Fanny Dutard. wMch put int<
. ¦ . . .. .-.•'•¦ . . -. - ¦
Passes the Egbert Two -Days Out From Honolulu and^Repo
port AHSWelltbut a Very- Foul Bottom/Makes Her Slow
NotfArrive Here>for a^Weiek--^Harbor Commissioners Reject High Bids
PACIFIC LINER ALAMEDA BUCKS HEAVY HEAD WINDS
BUT MAKES SAN FRANCISCO ON SCHEDULE TIME
SEA MAY COVER
BARK ALTAVELA
Name Board "of -Nor we-
- gian Graft Washed
Ashora :
Shipping Men Fear, the Ves-
sel Met Disaster in Feb
)'. ruary Storm. .
/..Special Disrmtch to. The Call. ,
VICTORIA, B.C.; March 26.— A letter
received to-day by United States Consul
A. K. Smith from William Russ of.Skide
fate,: dated March 6, : gives news of th«
finding of 'the name 'board .of the..bairk
Altavela, a 'Norwegian lumber carrier
which sailed from Hastings' Mills .with
956,449 feet of >. lumber, valued at : $7725, oh
February 8 ' and passed Neah ; Bay . two
days later, bound to Ostend. ' ¦. • ';
: Other wreckage, including; a, buoy from
the lest warship Condor, which had evi
dently ; drifted from the mouth of the.
Straits of Juan Fuca,' a piece of a 1 ship's
boat with the word "Nantes,'.' ; a white
painted larg^e gang plank and ,a.\ bottle
containing a hydrographic ; office "' blank
dropped from the ship Cardiganshire, now
bound for San Francisco from ¦ Swansea,
was picked up. It was found on March
3 off Dead Tree Point, on the east side of
Graham Island, the most northern of- the
Queen .Charlotte group. .. •
¦ .While- the. finding, of .the -name "board
does not positively establish Uie fact- that
the: Altavela has met disaster,- it is well
known that on the 11th of February,. the
day after she passed" out, and on the
17th' of February, -two of the heavleat
southeast gales-of the - winter raged off
the coast, and the ships Gwydyr Castle,
Cavour, Bann and. others which passed in
1 some time afterward, .after having, been
buffeted for two weeks by the storms, re
ported narrow escapes from . destruction.
The Gwydyr Castle and Cavour were al
most driven on the west coast, the for
mer being within an ¦ ace of disaster or.
the Scott Archipelago. It is possible that
the Altavela may. have been wrecked off
the northern coast and her name board
drifted with the other wreckage into He
cate Straits and cast on" the northern
island.
: With the wreckage found were two
cases of • salmon which bore no marks
but were probably from the. overdue Red
Rock. The four cases found on Arlstaza
ble Island have been identified as similar
in every particular to, shipments made
by Findlay. Durham & Brodle on the
Red Rock and the Beechdale, which- left
on January I.. .-.. •/
Ida Jeffries Is Committed.
Ida Jeffries, the girl who told a roman
tic story about her alleged friendship for
Nora Fuller, was committed to the Mag
dalen Asylum by Judga Fritz yesterday.
A Deputy Sheriff from Marin County was
in court with a warrant for her 'arrest for
obtaining: goods by false pretenses, but
the Judge declined to surrender her into
Ins' custody. . -'. .
S G "Wilder, for San Francisco. ' March . 13—
Stmr Peru, for Yokohama;"U S stmr Alexan
der, for Norfolk, ,Va; bark Albert,' for Kaana-
pall.-. March 14— Bark Mohican, for San Fran
cisco. -March 1Q — U S stmr Warren, for Ma
nila; Br stmr Mlowefa, for Sydney; U S stmr
Egbert, for San Francisco". March 10 — Bktn
Coronado, for San Francisco. ;'¦' '
Cleared — Bark ' Kaiulanl, for -San' Francisco.
II ANA — Sailed March. 13 — Schr II C Wright,
for San'Francis;o. ' .
JvAANAPALI — Arrived March 14 — Bark Al
bert, from .-Honolulu; -bark' Diamond Head,
from Seattle.' •¦ •
ELEELE — Arrived • March'. — —. > schr Rosa
mond; . from' Honolulu. :¦ - ¦/ r
• ANAHOLA— Sailed Marfch 11— Stmr Eureka,
for Honolulu.- ¦'•.:' ,*• ¦ • •- . .
HILO— Sailed March 15— Bark St.Katherme.
for Sr.n Francisco. 1 ' • •¦ ¦•¦:¦¦
KAHULUI— Arrived March ¦ 0— Stmr. Hyades,
fromHonolOij. . • -. ¦ .-: . . -. .v. ¦
. MA HURON A— Arrived March 12— Bris Gall- I
lee, hence "Feb 21. . '¦ .-' ' I
ICIHEI — Arrived March 14— Br. silp Kinross, |
from; Oyster Harbor...-. '¦ t ' ' •
¦• V. EASTERN. PORTS. y,.\ : j
: BALTIMORE— Cleared March 25— ShlD Sus
quehanna, for "San Francisco* ','. ' - ,_
NORFOLK— Cleared March 25^-Br stmr In
verire. .for- Cavite. . ' . ¦'¦-." .';
NEW YORK^Salled March 25— Ger stmr
Verona.';' for. Manila; utmr Alliance, for Colon;
stmr Vlttoria, from' «.v>lon. •
", •' .' >FOREIGN' PORTS. "': ~
SAN "JOSE DE GUATEMALA— Sailed March
21— Br stmr Colombia, for San Francisco. '
3T : VINCENT— Arrived ; March 2(>-^Aus stmr
Marianne, from- Tacoma. ; ::
MAZATLAN- Sailed March 23^-Stmr City d
Sydney, for San | Francisco. ¦. ¦ •¦-. ¦ ¦¦ •
Arrived March' 22 — Schr Lena Sweasey, hence
March 11. . : ¦¦
; t SUEZ — Arrived March' 28— Br; stmr. Indranl;
from 'Yokohama, for New York. - i (j ' '
¦ SYDNEY — Arrived March 21 — Stmr Sonoma,
hence Feb 2S. • . . . . .. ' •¦
MELBOURNE— Arrived prior to March 25-t-
Shlp Great Admiral, from- Port - Townsend.' •"¦> i
. HONGKONG— Sailed March 21— Br stmr Pak
Lin?,' for Llverpodl; Br stmrVYangts.}, for Se
attle." 1 ' ¦ • -- ¦>¦'.• ,-¦«-** .-A.
": OCEAN STEAMERS.
¦ ¦¦ LIZARD— Passed March -irG^Stiiir SKLouIs,
from New York, for Couthamoton. ' . ' "
NEW YORK— Sailed March 26— Stmr Phila
delphia, for Southampton; stmr Haverford, for
Antwerp: stmr- Teutonic, for Liverpool. •'
Arrived March 2ti — Stmr Crefeld. from
Urcnen. ',:'•' ¦¦""'¦
ROTTERDAM — Arrived . March 26— Stmr
Statendam. from. New Yoik.
HONGKONG— Arrived nrior to March 26 —
Stmr Olyrnpla. from Tacoma, via Yokohama:
GLASGOW— Arrived . March : 20-^Stmr An
chorla. from. New York. " •
BREMEN— Arrived March 2C— Stmr Dres
den, from Now York.. •
NAPLES— Arrived .March CO— Stmr ' Celtic,
from >Tc-w York. Alexandria, etc, on crui«e. . .
LIVERPOOL— Sailed March 20— Stmr Rhyn
lanil, 1 for Philadelphia. . . .- \ -v •-•
SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed -March . 26— Stmr
Kronprinz Wiihelm,"" from. Bremen, - for- New
York, via Cherbourg. • . . . , . .
Detective Complimented.
Captain Seymour received the following
letter .yesterday from Attorney/General
Tirey L.\ Ford, which explains Itself:
I ehruld have done semq time ago what I am
now about to do and that Is to express to you
my appreciation of the valuable services ren
dered, by. Mr. Thomas: Gibson during the trial
of the . Modoc lynchers at A I turns. Mr Gibson
made a very, deep Impression Upon the repre
sentatives, ot this office, who are unanimous In
Riving him unusual credit for his personal skill
and courage..' Thin letter is voluntary and with
out Mr.' Gibson's knowledge, hut . I felt that
that much was due him and I felt also that you
Would probably like, to, know the Impression
which he made upon our people at Alturas.
10
THE; S&TK^n&NCi&GO;': [CAJLJl^ '] THURSDAY, M AEGH ',27;;. 1902.
Steamer. I ' Destination. ;. [ Sails. | Pier..
i March 27.. ... I
Phoenix ' Mendocino City 1 pmlPier 13
C. Nelson.. ! Seattle. & Tacorca. 10 amll'ier 2
Coos Bay.. -San Pedro & Way. !) am | Pier 11
City PueblajPu^et Sound Ports. 11 amjPier 0
San Pedro.. Grays Harbor..' . 10 amjPier 2
•¦March 28., j
fipquoia .iGrays Harbor ..'... 4 pm'Pier 2
Kaiona.'. .'., Humboldt .:.. 1 :.'J0 p|PI«r !i
«. Dollar.. Grays Harbor j 4 pm|Pier 2
City Para.. Panama & Way Pts|12 mjl'MSS
Lec!ar.aw.. N. Y. via Panama! 2 pm|Pier 10
March 211. |
Rival...'... Willapa Harbor.'..;. 4 pm Pier 2
Coronado.. Grays Harbor 5 prnJlMer 2
Czarina Seattle •& Tocoma.. t> pm!Pk>r H
Ualnier Seattle & Whatcom 5 pm|Pler •!
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena | 2 pmlPU-r
Hum'oolUt.. Skagwayvla Seattlej !» amjPler a
Peking China. & Japau:...! 1 pmjPMSS
AUmcda... I Honolulu ! 2 j.mlPlor 7
Aunrnlia.. iTahltl direct H*> amJPter 7
G. Cider,.. iAutorta & Portlandill am'Pier CJ
• j . March UO. j
Aberdeen.. A*torin A.Portland. 0 am Pier 2
Eureka Humboldt .......#. » am Pier D
Spokane... San Dtcgo &¦ Way. 0 am Pior 11
G. Ltnduucr Gr*yn Harbor Pier —
Mnrch 31.
Arcata Coos. Bay & Pt Orfd 12 m Pier W
Bonita Newport & Way Ptsl 0 am Pier ; 11
April 1. I
Queen Puc*t siounrt Ports*. Ill" amiPlrr' 0
Meteor 'Seattle & T«oom« IPIer —
. April 2. •• .).>¦:•
State Cal.. Pan Diego 5r \V*y:. 0 amfPler 11
Argo 'Frrnrial* *• Ed l'.iv :.|Plrr —
North Fork." lluiubriat 1) amiPler • 2
j April U. I
Xrwburs. ..Grays Harbor 5 pm|Pler .2
Columbia.. I Astoria & Portland. 11 am; Pier 24
J.S.Kimball Seattle &¦ Tacnma;. 10 am Pier 2
I Ai.rll 1. |
Colombia.. Valparaiso * Way. 112.. mlPler 10
April B.« •» j !
Kurr-ka.... Honolulu v. Seattlp.l |p|<. r -^>
Hyade«.::.J Honolulu &.ICabulul|......|P|»r —
Steamer. , ,,.' Fcr. - " - I Sails.
Kzct-Ulor. . . . Cooks Inlet. & Way* Ptu.lMar. £8
Dlrlgo '.. Skagway & Way Ports. |Mar.:><
Dolphin...... Skagway. & Way. Ports.|Mar. 30
Cotta** City. Skagway & Way* Ports.iMar. iil
City Topcka, Skapway & Way Ports. |At>r. i>
Al-Kl.. Fkngway • & V.'ay rv»ri.<.-jAw\ 3
Humboldt.... Skag-n-ay & Way . Ports. (Apr) 4
Karallon Skagway &.'• \Vay Ports. (Apr. . »
CJty Seattle. . Skagway •& Way Port^.jApr. - 6
Steamer. I ; . From. I Due.
From
Due.
!
Folmlna Nanaimo I Mar. 27
Sequoia San Pedro liar. 27
G. Llndauer. . Grays Karbor |Mar. 27
Rival Willapa Harbor |Mar. 2i
Del Norte Crescent City | Mar. 27
Santa Monica Humboldt JMsr. 27
Hyades Honolulu & Kahulul ...|Mar. 27
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma • . . iMar. 27
Point Arena. . Point Arena Mar. 27
Coror.ado...'. Grays Harbor ......'... .LMs-r. 27
Spokane San'Diego & Way PortslMar. 2S
Bonita.. Newport &. Way Ports.. IMar. i"s
Queen Puget Sound Ports |Mar..2S
Progreso Seattle • t .IMar. 2S
Eureka KumboJdt . . : !Mar. 2«
Arcata Coos- Bay & Port Orford. Mar. 23
Crescent City Crescent City. .' Mar. 29
Meteor Seattle v. Roche Harbor Mar. 25)
Lakme Portland & Astoria. . . .'Mar. 2i)
Gaelic V.. China & Japan ..„:.. .JMar.' 2J
City Svdney.. Panama & Way Ports. : I Mar. 29
J. S. Kiroball Seattle & Tacoma |Mar. 2:)
Mardalay Coquille River/. . .' . [Mar. 30
Xcwbuig.... Grays Harbor jMar. 30
State bt Cal.. San Dietso & Way PortslMar. :50
North Fork . . Humboldt .......... Mar. 30
Curacao ..... Mexican Ports ......... I Mar. 30
Pleiades...'.: Seattle ....iMar. ¦; D
Columbia:..". Portland & Astoria IMar. 31
Sierra...- Sydney. : & Way Ports. .| Mar. 31
Colombia Valparaiso & Way PortslMar. St
Pomona Humbojdt ../.IMar. 31
Asuncion j Tacoma ........:. IMar. 31
Empire. . .... Coos Bay |Mar. 31
Victoria JOystcr Harbor |Mar. 31
Coos Bay.... San Pedro & Way Ports. | Apr. 1
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports. ...J.Apr. 2
Hermonthis.. Seattle' Apr. V,
Hong. Man). China and Japan ...I Apr. A
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria Apr. S
Sun rlres ..'.".... ..^ .......... .... . .<>:jV{
Run fietS'.'.. .......... ".,'. ;"."........ .....i..:.ts':'2i
Moon rises . .I....... ...... .......10:00 p. m.
O, Tlracl ITimc " Time ~|Tlnve~~'
£ Ft. Ft. Ft..— -^- Ft..'
• •: H.Wi . L • IV . H W JL \V s
27 .1:20 . 5.1 7:41 0.8 2:34 ''¦ 4.31*7:32 25
£S 1:52 .4.9 8:2K : O.« 3:2S 4.0l;S:12 2S
» 2:22 4.7 8:10 0.9 4:20j rj.n 9:01 - 30
80 0:01 4:5,10:12 M.OI 5::B h.» 10 04 " ; 3 0
81 2:50 4.3J1:O9 l.l| C:35 4.0 11:17 MU
1 4:46 4.2 12:03 1.1| 7:28 4.1
|L,W HIV . |L, W Hi\'"'
2 0:23 3.2 '5:5G| 4.2|12:52 .1.1 8:!0 4 3
Steamer. I ' Destination. ;. [ Sails. | Pier..
i March 27.. ... I
Phoenix ' Mendocino City 1 pmlPier 13
C. Nelson.. ! Seattle. & Tacorca. 10 amll'ier 2
Coos Bay.. -San Pedro & Way. !) am | Pier 11
City PueblajPu^et Sound Ports. 11 amjPier 0
San Pedro.. Grays Harbor..' . 10 amjPier 2
•¦March 28., j
fipquoia .iGrays Harbor ..'... 4 pm'Pier 2
Kaiona.'. .'., Humboldt .:.. 1 :.'J0 p|PI«r !i
«. Dollar.. Grays Harbor j 4 pm|Pier 2
City Para.. Panama & Way Pts|12 mjl'MSS
Lec!ar.aw.. N. Y. via Panama! 2 pm|Pier 10
March 211. |
Rival...'... Willapa Harbor.'..;. 4 pm Pier 2
Coronado.. Grays Harbor 5 prnJlMer 2
Czarina Seattle •& Tocoma.. t> pm!Pk>r H
Ualnier Seattle & Whatcom 5 pm|Pler •!
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena | 2 pmlPU-r
Hum'oolUt.. Skagwayvla Seattlej !» amjPler a
Peking China. & Japau:...! 1 pmjPMSS
AUmcda... I Honolulu ! 2 j.mlPlor 7
Aunrnlia.. iTahltl direct H*> amJPter 7
G. Cider,.. iAutorta & Portlandill am'Pier CJ
• j . March UO. j
Aberdeen.. A*torin A.Portland. 0 am Pier 2
Eureka Humboldt .......#. » am Pier D
Spokane... San Dtcgo &¦ Way. 0 am Pior 11
G. Ltnduucr Gr*yn Harbor Pier —
Mnrch 31.
Arcata Coos. Bay & Pt Orfd 12 m Pier W
Bonita Newport & Way Ptsl 0 am Pier ; 11
April 1. I
Queen Puc*t siounrt Ports*. Ill" amiPlrr' 0
Meteor 'Seattle & T«oom« IPIer —
. April 2. •• .).>¦:•
State Cal.. Pan Diego 5r \V*y:. 0 amfPler 11
Argo 'Frrnrial* *• Ed l'.iv :.|Plrr —
North Fork." lluiubriat 1) amiPler • 2
j April U. I
Xrwburs. ..Grays Harbor 5 pm|Pler .2
Columbia.. I Astoria & Portland. 11 am; Pier 24
J.S.Kimball Seattle &¦ Tacnma;. 10 am Pier 2
I Ai.rll 1. |
Colombia.. Valparaiso * Way. 112.. mlPler 10
April B.« •» j !
Kurr-ka.... Honolulu v. Seattlp.l |p|<. r -^>
Hyade«.::.J Honolulu &.ICabulul|......|P|»r —
Sun rlres ..'.".... ..^ .......... .... . .<>:jV{
Run fietS'.'.. .......... ".,'. ;"."........ .....i..:.ts':'2i
Moon rises . .I....... ...... .......10:00 p. m.
O, Tlracl ITimc " Time ~|Tlnve~~'
£ Ft. Ft. Ft..— -^- Ft..'
• •: H.Wi . L • IV . H W JL \V s
27 .1:20 . 5.1 7:41 0.8 2:34 ''¦ 4.31*7:32 25
£S 1:52 .4.9 8:2K : O.« 3:2S 4.0l;S:12 2S
» 2:22 4.7 8:10 0.9 4:20j rj.n 9:01 - 30
80 0:01 4:5,10:12 M.OI 5::B h.» 10 04 " ; 3 0
81 2:50 4.3J1:O9 l.l| C:35 4.0 11:17 MU
1 4:46 4.2 12:03 1.1| 7:28 4.1
|L,W HIV . |L, W Hi\'"'
2 0:23 3.2 '5:5G| 4.2|12:52 .1.1 8:!0 4 3
Steamer. , ,,.' Fcr. - " - I Sails.
Kzct-Ulor. . . . Cooks Inlet. & Way* Ptu.lMar. £8
Dlrlgo '.. Skagway & Way Ports. |Mar.:><
Dolphin...... Skagway. & Way. Ports.|Mar. 30
Cotta** City. Skagway & Way* Ports.iMar. iil
City Topcka, Skapway & Way Ports. |At>r. i>
Al-Kl.. Fkngway • & V.'ay rv»ri.<.-jAw\ 3
Humboldt.... Skag-n-ay & Way . Ports. (Apr) 4
Karallon Skagway &.'• \Vay Ports. (Apr. . »
CJty Seattle. . Skagway •& Way Port^.jApr. - 6
Steamer. I ; . From. I Due.
From
Due.
!
Folmlna Nanaimo I Mar. 27
Sequoia San Pedro liar. 27
G. Llndauer. . Grays Karbor |Mar. 27
Rival Willapa Harbor |Mar. 2i
Del Norte Crescent City | Mar. 27
Santa Monica Humboldt JMsr. 27
Hyades Honolulu & Kahulul ...|Mar. 27
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma • . . iMar. 27
Point Arena. . Point Arena Mar. 27
Coror.ado...'. Grays Harbor ......'... .LMs-r. 27
Spokane San'Diego & Way PortslMar. 2S
Bonita.. Newport &. Way Ports.. IMar. i"s
Queen Puget Sound Ports |Mar..2S
Progreso Seattle • t .IMar. 2S
Eureka KumboJdt . . : !Mar. 2«
Arcata Coos- Bay & Port Orford. Mar. 23
Crescent City Crescent City. .' Mar. 29
Meteor Seattle v. Roche Harbor Mar. 25)
Lakme Portland & Astoria. . . .'Mar. 2i)
Gaelic V.. China & Japan ..„:.. .JMar.' 2J
City Svdney.. Panama & Way Ports. : I Mar. 29
J. S. Kiroball Seattle & Tacoma |Mar. 2:)
Mardalay Coquille River/. . .' . [Mar. 30
Xcwbuig.... Grays Harbor jMar. 30
State bt Cal.. San Dietso & Way PortslMar. :50
North Fork . . Humboldt .......... Mar. 30
Curacao ..... Mexican Ports ......... I Mar. 30
Pleiades...'.: Seattle ....iMar. ¦; D
Columbia:..". Portland & Astoria IMar. 31
Sierra...- Sydney. : & Way Ports. .| Mar. 31
Colombia Valparaiso & Way PortslMar. St
Pomona Humbojdt ../.IMar. 31
Asuncion j Tacoma ........:. IMar. 31
Empire. . .... Coos Bay |Mar. 31
Victoria JOystcr Harbor |Mar. 31
Coos Bay.... San Pedro & Way Ports. | Apr. 1
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports. ...J.Apr. 2
Hermonthis.. Seattle' Apr. V,
Hong. Man). China and Japan ...I Apr. A
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria Apr. S
LEAVE SEATTLE, ¦- '-'- '" <
SENATOR JUNE 1
VALENCIA JUNE 7
And fortnightly thereafter during the season.
Steamships CITY OF PUEBLA and QUEEN,
leaving San Franciaco May 20 and May ol, re-
spectively, connect with above steamers. The
nev.- and elegant steamships' Senator and Va-
lencia made regular trips to Nome last year.
landing all passengers and freight without loss.
mishap or. delay.. For passenger rates and
Nome folder, apply Ticket Office, 4 .New Mont-
gomery street (Palace Hctel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Genl. Agents,
10 Market St., San Francisco.
FOR
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
1B\ It I'l Si Be V
I When you have that tired feel
ing, and are nervous and sleep-
less, is a . good time to take.. a few
doses of Hostetter's Stomach Bit-
ters.;, . It is an ideal spring 1 - med-
icine andbiood purifier, and win
cure dyspepsia, indigestion,
malaria, op liver and kidney
troubles. Try it. >b"jr private
stamp is over the neck- ;f th?
bottle. ~ :"
IN THE SPRING.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
ONLY STEAMSHIP LINE TO
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Line From Portland to All
Points East. Through Tickets to All
Points, all Rail or Steamship end Rail, at
Steamer Tickets Include Berth and Meals.
KS. .COLUMBIA Sails April 3. 13 23
SS. GEO. W. ELDER Sails:
Mar. 29. April 8. IS. 2S
Steamer sail* from foot of Spear st 11 a m.
D. XV. HITCHCOCK. Gen. Agt.. 1 Mong'y.S. F.
OiK* JSl KJ &** f^ *
r^ TEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
V-? ner First und Itrannan streets, at 1 p in
fcr YOKOHAMA and HONOKONG. calling at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai and cjn-
nectinR at Hongkong with steamers for India,
etc. No carso received on board on day of
sstllnr.
SS, HONGKONG MARU
•' Tue«dny. April 13th. lJKr2
SS. NIPPON MART.:..... Friday. May Oth. 1002
ES. AMERICA MARU . .
Wednesday, June 4th, 1002
Rf.utiv5-trlp tickets at reduced rates. For
freight nnd pa?snt;e apply nt company's office,
421 Market street, corner Flrat.
_¦ W. H. A VERY. General Agent.
TOYO IISEN KAISflA.
. 0;4." a. m., 3:15 and 8:30 p.' m.. except Sun-
day. Sunday, ;t):45 a: m.,"»:S0 p. m. Leaves
Vallejo 7 a. m., 12::iO noon. 6 p. m.. except
Sunday. Sunday. 7 a; m., '4:15 p. m. Fare CO
cents. -.r Telephone Main K.OS. . landing, and
ofttce. pier- 2. Mission-street dock. HATCH
BROS. -
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AND'VAILEJO,
Steimers GEK. FRUBIE or MONTIGELLO
To Valparaiso.' stopping at Mexican." Central
and South American ports. Sailing from'How-
ard .Voter 10, 12 m. - ,
COIX)MBIA' ..April Apr —
TUCAPEL ...April WPALEN" A... :...,'. May —
, -_These: steamers . are built- expressly, for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.. (No
change at: Acapulco or Panama). Freight and
•phFSenper office. SIR California. street.
BALFOUR.- GUTHRIB & CO.. '- Gen. ' Agent* '
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION GO.
And-Cia Tud Americana d? Vsnoras
C315P*6^I'? n^EBAL": T1A^8AT-\MTTQ1T
DTRKCT LINR TO HAVRE-PARIS.
S;UIIiik every Thursday, Instead of -CKVliSOft
Saturday, nt 10 a. m., from pier 42. • aRUkB- *
North River, Uwl of Morton . street.
First class to Havre, (70 and upward. Second
class to : Havre, vflft and. upward. OENKRAL
AGENCY FOH. UNITED STATES und CAN-
ADA. . :t2 Broadway ( Hudson , building). New
York. J. F; FUOAZI , & CO.. Pacific C.^ast
AKentJi. 5 Montgomery aver.u*. San Francisco.
Tickets sold *\>y , all Railroad Ticket Agents.
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
TWIV-SCREW EXPRESS SE^VICR.
PLYMOUTH— CHERBOURG— HAMnt'HG ¦
A. Vloiorln.... April 10,F. Elsmarck.. ...May 1
Deutachland . . .April 17iColumbla ¦ . . . . ; v May S
•IWiiN-^CRF.W PA«SK GE '>'¦'¦' HRVI j
s PLYMOUTH— CHERHOURO— HAMIUTUO
Patricia = April i^j Pennsylvania : .v\prll'2i
AValdersee ....April 12; Pretoria .April 2->
Ilpm^lirft-Amrnjcni Line 37BV*yi'. v .'Y,
¦i HERZOG. A CO.. General Ann-its for Pacific
Coast, 401 California »t.. San. Francisco.
•jfamburg-Jkmericqn.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RT. CO.
LESSEES
SAN FRANCISCO AND HORTrl PACIFIC
i RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to Gar* Rafaol. .
WEEK DATS— 7:30. 9:00. ll:C0 «. tn.; 12:33,
i 3:30 5:10, 6:3O p. m. Thursdays — Extra
1 trip 'at lt:"0 p. m. Saturdays — Extra, trips
i at 1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30. ll:C0 a, m.; 1:30, 3:30,
f-.OO, (i:-Q p. m|
Snn Rafael t-» -"^na Francisco. ," %
WEEK DATS — 6:10. 7:50. 0:20, 11:10 a. m.;
12:45.' 3:40. 5:13 p. m. Saturdays — Extra
trip* at I:."5 and 6:33 p. m.
SITNDATS— S:10. 8:40. 11:10 a. ra.; 1:10. 3:40.
6:C5, «:23 p. m.
Leav« - . I In Effect 1 Arrive
San Frantlaco. |Apr. 23. 1001 1 San Francisco.
~Vei>k I Sun- I I Sun- I We?!? /
Days^ I days. I Destination I daya. | Days.
"V.SOam! 8:00am! Novato. 10:40am| S:40arn
.":.10pm 0:30axn| Petaluma. 6:nSpm'10:25am
5:10pml B:0Opm|Santa Rosa. 7:35pmj C:^)pm
• Fulton,
7: ".Cam "Windsor. 10:25am
S:00pm Healdsburg. 10:40am
Lytton.
• Oeyservllle,
3:30pm 8:0Cam Cloverdale. 7:35pm 6:^rpm
7:S0am 5:0Opm Hopland 10: 10am 10:23am
3:S0pm 8:(X)am and Uklah. 7:35pm 6:20pm
T7:30am[ 10:40am 10:2Sam
I 8:0Cam Gucrneville. 7:33pm
3:30pmt 5:C0pm j 6:20pm
"7:3Cam S:0Cam * Sonoma 9 :15am I sT-tOara
and . - j -
B:10pm B :00pm Glen Ellen. 6:0Cpm| 6:20pm
"7l30am| R:C^nT |10:40am!10:2!Sara
3:30pm|_g:jCi()pm Sebastopol. | 7 :35pm | 6:20pm
Staires connect at'Santa Roea for MariTwest
Springs, and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altrurla: at Lytton for Lvtton Springs: at
Geyservllle for SkarEs 'Springs; at Cloverdala
for the Geysers; * at Hopland for Duncan
Springs.' Highland Springs, KelseyviMe, Carls-
bad Springs, ' Soda Bay. Lakeport aad Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Sprlnsra. Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs. Upper Lake. Porno. ' Potter Valley.
John -Day's. Riverside.. Llerley's Bucknell's.
Sanhedrtn Heights. Hullvllle. Orr'a Hot Springs.
M*ndoclno City. Fort Bragg. - Westport. l T rat.
¦WillUs. Laytonvllle. Cummins. Bell's Sprinca,
Harris. Olsen's, Dyer. Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.*
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beycad Ean Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office, 650 Market street. Chronicle
building. -
H. C. WHITING, R. X. RTAN.
Gen Manager. Gen. Pass. Ast.
MOUNT TAMALPAI3 RAILWAY
Leave . Via Sausalito. Ferry Arrive
San Fran. Foot of M3sket SL San Fran.
i ui !:i^
9-30 a: S:0Oa. .^- »»«• »» T*> 1OI) r - •*** *•
I 1:1.» P. / ". o:55 t.
ran. S-» rrwtxs tx Sssnit and !tet<ni. tlW.
. SakctOOcM. Cl MAK'H;- STIXST ad liiUsiiXtO JZXSZ.
Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
M^^jeJ&ft G2O HEARSTS' ST. KstaMlshpU
5y«7^\^i%iii 1*~>A for the treatment of I'rivHf.i
IliJfe'i^K Diseases, !^>-.t Manti.iod. Debility or
(j5v$ftS3Jfia(lis<-ns»* we»rlnsfon body and mind and
r>r^iiK2A3skiii Di!tf.«5cs. The Doctorcureswiien
i*W*T'0i ; ,5i?3r><rier8 fn". Try him. rbar«e» low.
CallorWrtKfc
l»r . J. X*. Ml BEO.1. Hail Frauc'sco. CaL -
V NT. 1 ?; Tf 1 ? I-Otf DON.
St. Paul... Atl. 2, 10 am Phllad'pha.Ap.lC.10 am.
Sr.'il.o.ile.:Api: 0, 10 a»n;5t.-<Paul.:Apl. 23, 10 am
I ) fTF^TaWmWiBKBdi. ' ~™ ' < **?¦*«
! '; - : NEW. YORK. 1 ; ANTWERP/ '.PARIS.. ¦
Frlesl«nd.. v Apl.r2, !noon:Pennland.Apl. 14, 3 prh
. Eouthwark.Apl. 0/noon Vader!and.Ap.- 1«, noon
I - 1:. VL.-wi.»tiUisA'i;.. NAVIGATION r-CO.,; '
, • ' ¦ - ., 80 Montgomery st. /
1 :r , CHAS. D. TAYLOR. -G., A. P. C.
PANAMA R, R,^^ ;
TOV'HFW Y^( Vl\ ¦MNWy.-.niRtir.
. Cabin, ,?lCo : Stecrasc. $40; ilckls Fre?. : -j[
S.' {_..' i.eeianu>» i c.i , Fr*i ny, . • ..us/ '28
o. S. /rfiy.I- . : -. saiitc Friiny.., ' May. 'Ji
From Howard-street -Wharf. Plpr 10, at'2 prn
Freight J and i Passenger .Office. ¦ ?>".") Market : st
- F. F. CONNOR. Paptflc Coast -'Afjsnt. ; ¦
" RAILWAY TRAVEL.
KliHTiH PACIFIC GQAST RAILKOaD.
1 ; . V»g oausailtj i^.-r/'
Commencing Septemb-r 29, 1901.
FROMhAK'l-rtA.>Cl»i.O »•_> »n(.L VALLEY
AND SAN KAFAIX.
-.WEEK DAiS-M>:fco, fer-itt ' • i »:.w,'ll:C0 a. m
•l:-f!i.-.i:i{j, 4:u>, :&:15. *M;\S, B:i5p. m. .
EXT1U THU'S- For Mill Valley and ,San
Ra.Et-1 on Monaays. Wednei-days and Saturdays
at U:30 anrtll:4o p m.
SUmDaiS — »s:(H;. t):«O •ir.:0O. *ll :30 a. m
•1:15. :y:ir./.*t:45,-O::i0. '. O:»9 r>. tit. -..-•
-Tialns 'n-ia'rkt.d »•) run to-San QuenHri
FROiM SAN. RAFAEL 'TO' SAN 'FRANCISCO
..WEEK -DAYS— •5:23 G:27. 7:15 t S:33 '10-lJ
a. in./ »12:25, 2:15.- •3:.;.-i. 4: JO. 5:io p m '
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
an<l -' Scturclayy at 6:45 and !>:5."» p m ~
'SUNDAYS— O:l5.-.*«»:00.-?10:Crt. •\\\K> a m
•1:4U.' ¦'•3:13, »:4.V *«:."0 p. m. -" -"'
-Trains mark Pd (*> start from San Qu<>nttn
FROM MILL.' VAL.L.KY TO SAN FRANCI=iro
WEEK DAYF-S-.tS, »M.\ -7:M. 8:55^10-?0
a. rn.. 1 l?:.T.V2:4r..:::50. 5:10 p. ni ' ; . "
EXTRA TRIPS -"on - Monr'ars, Wednesdavi
anrt Saturdarsat 7:10 ?nd 10:;{5 p m aa>8
SUNDAYS— »:CV. 1C:O3.' a.- ra.;-- 12:03 ».t-
3:30,r"3:«H>.-O:tS o. m. . ' ~. **•
~ THROUGH TRAINS
«:55_a. m. wesk days— Cazaderd and way
l:4. r . p. rn. Saturdaj-s— Duncan Ml'ls and Tvav
Etat5«n<:. \ . , .
8:CO,o. m. Sundays — Duncan Mills and tjv
sU'ti'-n!".. . '. . •¦ •
Fairfax. Sundays— S:CO, D:CO, ' 10:00 11:30
a."im.' -,"¦'»'¦ -
Holiday) boats and trains will mn on
Oa-t*. .».
¦ . . ' *
What is wanted of soap
for the skin is to wash it
clean and not hurt it.
Pure soap does that. This
is why we want pure soap; ;
and when we say pure,
we .mean without alkali.
Pears' is pure ; no free
alkali. You can trust a
soap that has no biting in -
it, that's Pears'.
Established over roo years.
SS. : AUSTRALIA. - fcr Tahiti . '.'.'.' . . .¦.'.;'. . . . .
¦-.-.- . . '....: .. .Saturday. » March 1 29. -10 a : . m
SS. 'ALAMEDA; for Honolulu;...:-. .-.- >'
.:.-........... Saturday.. March 20. 'z p m
S3. SIERRA, for Honolulu," Samca, . Auck-
_ - land and Sydney. ;Tliur?..JVpr^l 10; 10 ai'.m
I. D ¦ SPRFCKELS & BB03.C0., General l£ts.; 329 MarXgt
Gen'i rass, Oflcs, 643 Market SL, Fier No; 7. Pacific" St.'
RAILWAY TBAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.'
¦ S. * (Main Line. Foot of M »rk«t Stw*.)
'bXAYx — From FiaitPART 9. 19& \— AMrm
«:OOa Benlcia, Snisuo, Elnilr* »ad B»O»-
meutu — • !*•*•,•
7:OOa VacATiUo. Wlnt«r», Rurusey... ...••• 7iO3>
<>3(»A MartiMei.S»ulC»iroiii.V»lloJo.I*«»". m __
C'alUti-ja»mlSant» Ron «i23»
»:O«a DaTla. Woo«ll»ud. KnlgBU L»odJnfc
Maryirllla. Oro»lll«_ 1*52*
8:«O* Atlantic Ktprew-Osdan aod K*»l J** 3 *
»j««»a Nllea, L»throp. Stockton..... <a3»
SiKOAMles. iMenUota, Hanford. VisaJK
PorterriJle..... K ~ * l33 »
SiSOa ShasU KxjwMs-DtvTts, Willlama ( for
Bartldtt Sprinci). WlUoin, Red
- - Bluff. Port:»n<L ¦ 7mW»
ii.to* S«n Jihki, Lifarniora, Rtoeklon. ,
lone. HaflTkineuto. riacrrt Ilia.
M»rvi»III«. Chlcn. RaiUtliifT 4»»S*
HiSOa Oakditle. ChliirM.Sonora, Tuolnmn* *:-*¦»»
B:0O4 lUywsrd, Nile* and W»J HUtlona.. H:«-J*
Oi«4>4 Vallejo I»i23»
*i«V> Lm Angeles Express — lUrtl»«x, ;. —
Tracy. Lathrop. rtuiekkoD. MoxeeU
Fresno ami Lo« Angelea 7: ??»
•t»«A V»lli")ii. Mwtluex an. I Waf SUticna 7:J»*»
. 1O>oua TbaOverUiKl I.linite.l— Oedeo. L>«a.
T«r, Umaba. C!ilca<o (liSSt
tl:OOp.S»eraineitto IMter.Htoiin.iril tlliOUI
giwup Itfiilcia, Winters. H»cr»m«nt».
WimxMaiiiI. Iw.UliU l^iiillnc.
M-rjuTlllr. Or»«!!l« .!•:»»»
l>3Or Itaywaxil. Nllra ami Way 8t« tlonn.. 7:33»
4 Hi or Mnr tin-*. Hail Itaiuou, V»!iojo.
N»l>». «!«IUS«ki». Manta lti)Pl» •'S34
4iOOr NI!e«. LlTcrmore. Stockton. Ixxll... !3<»Sr
•ii:n»p H»jw*rd. Nlle», H»U'I"»«. Urrrmor* t* !l >3a
«i81»r Ilia Owl Limited •- Krenno, Tulare.
BakenOnUl. Hrtiigu* for Santa Uai«
• bars, l*>» Aiiselea.: •>B3»
Sii)«r Port Custa. Tracy. Latbrop. Stocktcn 1 «»»23*
O«o»f M-rtlrifz. Antioch, Stockton. Mei-
oed. Frwni) IStSAv
• iO»r Harnaril. Kl!«« and Han Joae. ...... 7<SA*
fSlAWr Vallrjo 5 H»S3»
• iOOc Oriental Mall— Ogrten, Dr,nm, •
Omalia. 8t Loul*. Cblcwgo «i33>
TlOUr OreKim au>t Oillfnrni* Kxi-ram.Nao.
»»...«nt.,. MaryiTlll*. «eil<lln«.
r»rll»i..l. I*iir«: rtoiii-il ami Eajt »i3S*
¦ iO3r3an Pablo. r..rt Cmta. MaxUaes
ami War Statlou* lt<S3*
' l»tO-1r ValH ?»»••>»
COAST IjINE (.^«rr«i» <J»i. R «).
( Fcot of Market Street.)
»il»AN«"»rk.C'Mi.l«r»IIU,NaiiJofle.K«>itnn.
-¦••¦ lloiil<lorO»r«k.aaii«»CiuaandWa»
MUtic.im ••••• •:••»
fSalnr Newark, Oantaollln. 8a» .loas, New
AlniaiUu. r>lton. ll<inl<l«r Omak.
Bant* «'/«x ami lrlaclpal Way
8Ullo»a ....'. !2'2£*
4ilSr> Newark. H*n Jmw», f.rn Outfit ?»:»»»
K».3or Hunters' l'ralii-3«n Joae aad W»y
Statloot.... VZ-**f
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
from SIS mXCISCO— Fwi «f K«iit !Ueel (SUp 8>—
ti:15 !I.Ci) 11.00A.M. 1:C3^. 3:00 S.lS^.x.
fMaOlIUND— r«tl»'BrM««»J.— 1«:00 J3:OO 13:0*
10:00*. x. , 12:00 2. 03 t:OJr.M. »
COAST lilXB (ttroa.l ««ng«).
• Qhlnl him! Townaeml Sta.)
OiIOa H»n Jcsoand Way Htationa.. ....... •»<•»*
7i«Oa Han Jmnml Way SUUuua fSi»»4
/7i««A Ntff AliMilon /*•«•»
•iUOaCosi^ line Limited — Ban Jota,
Gilrt>7. SaliuaN Bar. Ln!» Obiapo.
•- ' Sant» Utrban. Ixm Ancles and
pr!neir»l Intermediate statknu.... 10*43*
litOi Mkii' Jims. T.-aj I'inos. Mmita t.'riir.
THnliie «4ruTtt. Salinaa. Ban I.nla
Obispo and PrindpaJ lntermedl*t«
HUtlona «>!•»
1 Oi»»a San Joae and Way Stations.. *i3«a
IIiIIUa Han Jose ami Way NULInna •i4«*
t»> tSy Ban Mateo. Kedwnoil. Menlo Park.
Palo A'. to. HautaUlar*. Hail .lua«.
Trra Picos. Hanta Orn*. Sallnaa,
' Monterey »»H I'nclrte fJroTrj 110x434.
»=n»r 8an Joaa amt Way Ktatlona. ••»»»
UilSr San Joraaml Prii.dtiaJ Way Mtattens Oi3»»
4iS9r Sanset limited— Mondays, Wednes-
. d»ys, Ftida;>, for Los Angeles, El
Paw. Mew urleaas and New York.
Atrvres Han days. Tuesdays and
Thursdays I*il9t,
MtOOr 8»n Joce, Los Gatoa «nd Frlucipal
WaySUtions IHiOOa
¦i8*r San Jose <•¦><! Principal Way Station* «s3(tr
¦iSMp San Jose and Way Station* 7«.tU»
Vi#Op Knr Orleans Exprem— Ban Lnt»
ObJspo. Santa IS* rhara, Loa An-
geles. Doming. El Paao, N«w Or-
leansand Ki»t HtS94
tll4.tr San Jot» »y<l Way Btatloua 7i»T
A for Morning. P for Afternoon,
t Bandar excel' tod. 2 ftnnday only.
. «j|a$pylaT pplj. / TuesdaT* and TtUafK.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co. .
' i^ ' Steamers leave Broadway
i B^~. Wharf, San Francisco:
&g«Sl»<-. For Kstchikan.. Juneau.
£*±?£iS>n^ Skagway. etc.. Alaska — 11
«\ a - m -' March 27. April 1.
: i®SJfi^V?y! Change to company's steam-
I !*3§?oif! | £?,3 ern at Seattle.
I For Victoria, Vancouver.
** Port Townsend. Seattle. Ta-
coma, Everett. New
com-U a. m.~ March 27, April. 1. - Change at
Seattle to this companyls cteamers for Alaska
and G. N. Ry. : hf Seattle or Tacoma to N. P.
Ry. ; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For- Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— 1:30 p. ra..
March 28. April 2. •
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa
Barbara, Port Lcs Angeles and Redondo
(Los Angeles) — Spokane, Sundays,. 0 a. m.;
State of California, Wednesdays, 0 a. m.
For *Los Angele3,> calling at Santa Crur.
Monterey. San Simeon.- Cayucos. Port Harford
(San Luis Oblspo). Santa Barbara. Ventura,
Hueneme. East San Pedro, San Pedro and
•Newport <*Bon!ta only).
¦ Bonita. 9 a. "m.. March 31. April 8.
Coos Bay, !> a. m.,- March 27. April 4.
• For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan,- Altatat La Paz, Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.) — 10 a. m.. 7th of each
month. '.
For .further information obtain folder.
Right is reserved , to change steamers or
sailing dates. -
T3 OKf'f OTTCE — * New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen. Agents,
• > 10 Market at., San Francisco.
Only $C0, including meal3 and berth, for the
round trip, on board the Pacific Coast Steam*
ship Co.*s steamer CURACAO, leaving SAN*
FRANCISCO APRIL. 7th, due back April 27th."
callins at'ENSENADA. MAGDALENA BAT.
SAN.JOSE DEL, CABO. MAZATLAN. AL-
TATA. LA PAZ. SANTA ROSALIA and
GUAYMAS. Mexico.
For ?£0 additional excursionists can' return
from Guaymas by rail. For further . particu-
lars inquire at . TICKET OFFICE. 4 New
Montgomery street (Palace Hotel), or 10 Mar-
ket street, , San Francisco.
LAST EXCURSION TRIP!
SPECIAL RATES
TO PORTS IN MEXICO,
A DELIGHTFUL VOYAGE.
G45 Mark«t St.. San Franciscc.
Or EMP1UE TRANSFORTAT1OX CO.. Pucet
Sound Agent. Seattle. Wash.-
NORTHERN COMMERCIAL CO.,
I>eavlrtK San Francisco ¦ April inth
LeaVinc Seattle ......April 2Cth
(Stepping at Un&laska onlj'lcng enough to coal.)
For Freight and Passage Apply to
\te^ NOME
Mmm SMLmGS -
uwatijapB-*'^ THE FIBST CL>A ss
\\\ S. & PORTLAND
\\\ • AVILl. SAIL. FOH .
NOME DIRECT
AD VERTISEMENTS.
Positively cured by thess
Little'- Pills.
They also relieve distress from Dys-
pepsia, Indigestion and Too Hearty
Eating. A perfect remedy for Dizzi-
ness,, Nausea. Drowsiness. Bad Taste
in the Mouth, Coated Tongue. Pain in
the Side. TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pill. Small Doso.
Small Price. *
* - . - . - -*-
OCEAN TRAVEL.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
NEW . ,. ADVERTISEMENTS. .
" TO CURE DANDRUFF y
It- Is. Necessary That, the Dandruff
. . . Germ Be Eradicated.
/.'Destroy the. cause." you remove tho ef-
fect. 1 ;. Kill; the :Kerm i that: muses dnn-
.(lruff, fnlllr.g linlr nnd baldness, you will
have. no. more -dandruff ,- and ;vour hair
must- .grow luxuriantly. Herpleldc not
only contains, the; dandruff germ destroy-
or. 'but 'It : Is . nlso n mosf.dellghtful hair
dressing for. regular toilet .use. .No'other
hair preparation. Is, on this scientific basis
of destroylnRthe dandruff Kerm;':and none
other 1 claims to be. - for; the simple reason
that It. Is. only recently "that a.destroyer
of. ; the germ vhas been ; discovered— New-
bro's Herplclde, the only hTrlr prepara-
tlon.that actually kills dandruff. •'.-'.
VourrBank Book's Affecied
; Every,; time/ xve send home' your laundry
bunclle. ;¦' -Why ? -••' V because :/( our laundry
methods have'reacheVisuch a state of per-
fection, that the '.acme of. your . llkes"[is
realized with; the least possible wear^and
tear on your. linen. - '.' -' : ' • ' '¦
' .No sav/ edges.' ,• : - • '¦. ¦
UNITED ;STATES S ! LAUNDRY; ASS'N;
: Of f Ice ; 1 OO4- M arket! Stre at;
' ;. V-vJeleprione^Sduth'/*20.;;. v , : ,";.
Oakland Off lce-54- f San "Pablo Ave."
¦ . . . ' ¦'¦.•'¦ ' ¦ ' .¦ '
I '
Santa Fe
Train s-Daiiv.
• Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
Local Lim'd Ovri'd Local
. Daily Daily Daily Daily
Lv San Fran. "7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
At'. Stockton.. 10:lS a 11:45 a 11:10 p X;1S r»
¦ '•" Merced... 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:30a Sill p. ,
'•• Fresno... 2:05 p 2:33 p 3:15 a 10:50 p
••Hanford.. 3:12 p 3:27 p 8:05 a
. •*" Visalla... 3:3t)p 5:0Oa
" Bakersfld. 6:15 p 5:20 p 7:45 a
"Kan. City 2:40a 7:3Oa
•? Chicago 2:15 p 9:00 p
a for morning, p for afternoon.
9:00 a. m. train Is the California Lim-
ited, carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and
Dining Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car
- runs to BakersflelU for accommodation of
local first-class passengers. No second-
class tickets are honored on this train. Cor-
responding train arrives at 7:05 a. m. ually.
4:20 p. m. is Stockton. Merced and Fresno
local. Corresponding train arrives at 12:30
p. m. daily. ' '
. 8 p. in. . is the Overland Express, .with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Ffee Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arTives at 6:00 p. m.
dally.
7:20 a. m. Is Bakersfleld Local, stopping
at all points in San Joaquln Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally.
Offices — C41 Market street and in Ferry
Depot. San Francisco; 1112 Broadway,
Oakland.: CHICAGO., March 26.— Corn' strength'. easily
ruled' all- grains and- the-" corn pit ¦led-Mn'-ac
tivity. At the start cables • vere higher as'
compared to lower prices here yesterday.: There
was some early silling on' wheat Influences, but
soon there 'started a'- bull '.movement in 'July 1
corn' that caused a' sharp -up-turn In- all corn
options. There -was some talk of a- bull cam
paign to be wbrked ' in .July corn '.and consid
erable importance was; attached-; to "It.'*-- Other
bull i factors:- were the v - cash com situation,"
which was greatly Improved,>and tho later up
turn In wheat. ; -. May • <?orn closed' strong. 1 Vic
higher, at &0H®fi0.9tc : : ; ¦ / .-.',. : : ,i: • , . * . : ; , ¦ <¦
.'Aside from., thei corn . Influence s wheat -.had
rood - reasons of '. its : own ; to j. advance prices;
Opening ¦ conditions, | sUch as > cables I and - small
receipts.' worked' for • fair "early "advances.- but'
the "crop killer" once became an active ¦: factor.
¦ Word - was . received - from \ the < president ; of i the
Kansas and Oklahoma Grain Dealers'. Asso-
Chicago Grain^Market.
¦ . ¦ ; . • Exchanged and Bullion;^- •¦ '; >
New'York exchange Is .higher.. > : .;.
Sterling : Exfcbange,- 60' days. . .'. . '/— -.-. $4.K>%
Sterling Cables, sight; . '.. ... ... . — . ¦ *: 89%
Sterling Cables ..:.:..... • .— .;¦. 4 89 Va
New YorlcEicchoheq,. sight'. . .-., .,f- ": • io
NeWv York Etchange, I tele^raphlo i— » - .- . . -, 12 %
Silver, i per : ounce \ . , . : .'.' . . .' . : . . . — 53%
Mexican Dollars, -. nominal — 45^
. \Whedti and Other _ Grains: .';
.-•WHEAT— The ; .-'- foreign markets '"¦ continued
wealc. with lower Paris .futures. ¦.;; v - . ,;;;
- , Chicago : advo need • lc," with ' a ', strong market
and light ! receipts. , There '?. was • less . selling
pressure, "showing . '; that' liquidation ;-." was less
urgent, •'. but' this : ' was • offset : by • ¦ less ' demand
for export. In ¦ fact, : , the export > demand - was
nothing like , what it had, been during the pre
vious 'week. New iYork reported nonexpert de
mahd.:except for Bcaltered small; lots below the
market.^ St. ¦ Loulst was- covering .both ; wheat,
¦ and ' corn ""shorts. VThe ' Secretary of ¦ the \ Kansas
and - • Oklahoma ? -i Grain - - Dealers'-
.wired that . Kansas will ,' have , only^ 60 . per ; cent
and -Oklahoma' only 40 -per cent of ' a'crop.'"'jMls
1 Bouri also reported damage/, f rom 0 to 20 t per
: The Orange , market Is flrm j under a steady
local * demand, "chiefly, for small -,• and medium
sized: fruit.' There Is considerable Inquiry for
shipment north, and the demand for Honolulu
Is expected to be. large. , The Orange market'
has gone up In" the East and .receipts in this
market' are consequently : light. > -: At the Orange
Auction three . : cars ¦ offered and: sold at
the following prlc.es :-• Fancy Navels, $2 2Z>&
2. CO;" standard do, 83cig>$2; Seedlings. 8oc@*l.
Some, of r the , off ef ings . of standard stock wera
of a poor quality, Hence, the' low prices.
The ¦¦ Honolulu steamer is at'; hand_ with 4-109
bchs : Bananas. . ' •' .
APPLES — $2®2.50 per box for extra, $1 25®
1 70 ¦ for good . to * choice ¦¦ and - 00c@$l .'for .ordi
nary.* i- ; -- '-¦¦•''* ¦ "¦ • ' . ¦ ' . \* ¦
CITRI7S FRUITS — Navel ' Oranges. ' $1@1 75
for standard, ?1 7C5f2'50 for choice and ?2y2 75
for 'fancy;- extra' -fancy ,-'=$:$;-¦ Secdlinss^ $10
1-7.*; Tangerines,. in quarter boxes,'. 7Sc@5l and
$1 25® I 00 ' in ' hal f ¦' boxes : ; Lemon»; 75c©?l for
common and $1 25@l'75for good to choifl- and
$2@2 75 'for -fancy; Grape ; Frult,~ $14i3; Mexi
can . Limes. - $4, R0@5; -Bananas, .- $1 2o@2 v per
bunch fc-r New Orleans and $1@2 for Hawaiian:
•Pinpnppies,. $a@4;i>er dozen. ;\ ... •.'*-.¦. .. ,
JDricd Fruits,; Nuts and' Raisins.
--"«*''*^ ¦¦¦ i ¦¦' ¦ * ' '- *' '' . ) *.*-'-'-'- .- .
for, shipment consist of broken lots and
assorted - cars. . as '¦[ straight i carload ,." lots J:are
scarce. , i 1 . The feeling continues very, steady, ; and
, dealers ,-• refuse , to r yield '' any .-. - concessions " . ' to
j •^FRUITS^rApricots.- OjSllc for Royals and
Deciduous and Citrus .Fruits.
: There was a fair business In local stocks and
bonds on the morning session, wtih lower pricea
for ' Contra Costa Water at $75 50 and for
Spring Valley Water at $02. California Fruit
Canhers continued to .. improve, touching
$100 75, and Oakland Gas sold up to $57.
There was considerable activity In Sterling
OH at $1 45(31 50, but otherwise the oil stocks
were dull. ¦ ,.; . --''",
'¦¦ In . the - afternoon Contra Costa Water was
still lower at $75. : Ocennlc . Steamship stock
was off at $36@34, but the bonds were firmer
at $101.
The following quotations . for United Rail
ways of San Francisco were received from New
York yesterday by Bolton. De-Ruyter & Co.:,
Common stock." $24@24 37%: preferred. $62 23
@62 00; 4 per cent bonds, SS9 25@dO; subscrip
tions, $1 02^01 02%. -,. -•
'" The Hutchinson Sugar Plantation Company
ha3 elected the following directors :. John A.
Buck. Nicholas Ohlandt. .Albert -Meyer. C. P.
• Overton and- Edward Pollitz. John A. Buck
was elected president.* Nicholas Ohlandt vice
president. . H. -.W. Thonias secretary and G. C.
Hewitt manager. < ¦ J
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
WEDNESDAY, . March 26 — 2 p. • m.
UNITED STATE3 BONDS. -
• BldJAfck.; . ¦ • . Bid. Ask.
4s "qr coup. ..112-' 113 \4a qr c (new)13nVil."O%
4s qr reg;...lll . lllfe 3a, qr coup... 109^1 110
MISCELLANEOUS- BONDS.'- ;,
'Ala A^W 5s. .70^103 '' Oc S3 Co'Ss. — , 101
Bay CPC 5S.107H — Ombus C.Ca.m" i:«>}4
Cal-st ' 5a . . . . ll«?i — Pao O Im 4a . t>« 100 '
C Costa 6s.: 110 111 , Pk&C H Cs..lO7 '• —
Ed L&P 6s.. — : Pk&O R 6S.-.117 120 .
Ker&C H 6s. — ' Pwl-sfR' Ca.117 • — ' .
Geary-st Cs.. — — Sac ECU Cs. »a% 07=^
•H C&S 5%3. — — SF &;SJV0s.l23VJt24
• Do 5s v...— »3 Sierra CalCs.103^110
.L Ang R 3s.l21Vil21% S P of A Cs
LALCo.es.—. — .- - (1000) .:..113U — •
Do gtd Cs.'— , — (1910) . . . .114'^ — I
:-¦ Do gtd 5a. — -' 106% S P of Cal Ca
LA & P 6s. 103 — (lfH)O)Sr A.lCOi41C9' 7 i
• Do lcm Cs-102 ' — -' <10Or.)Sr.B.110",110)<i
Mkt-«t C 68.120% —: '.(1906). 112% —
<Do lcm D8.110%— ; I (1912)'-....122 ! &123Vi
,N R of C Cs.lim — S P of C 1st
, Do 5s -:V::123H'— ' cgntd us. 120 —
N Pac C-63.109%110% Do-stmpa-lll%lll9i
N CalR BB.112& — ¦ SPBr Cal6s.l40 144 -,
Oak Gas 5s. — 114 - S V.Wat 6s.llO>^lllVj
.Oak'Trn 6a.l23V4125 • ,.Do4s2dm.— 104-
Do 1st c5c.ll2 — Do 4s 3dm.lO2% — :,-.
.Oak W G 6iil—,xlO3% Stkn G&ESs.lCS 104 V
• LONDON,' March 26.— Consols, 04%; 6ilvc-r,
24 13-10d; | French • rentes. : lOOf 65c. I Wheat
cargoca on passage, ' quiet and steady; cargoes
No 1 Standard California,. 30s; cargoes Walla
Walla 27s; English country markets, steady...
LIVERPOOL. March -26. —Wheat, firm; No.
1" Standard California. 0s 3d@6s 3V4d; wheat
In Paris dull; • flour in ; Paris; -,dull; ~ French
country markets,, dull;, weather in England,
4 23-32d. V-^ ' ; / H
Foreign Markets.
"WASHINGTON
• TACOMA. "March 20.— Wheat quiet, . un
changed; bluestem, 6Cc; club, 05c.
PORTLAND. . March : 2G. — Wheat steady but
Inactive; Walla Walla, 04 ViQC5c; ; valley, 65c;
bluestem, CGc
Northern Wheat Market.
SAN FRANCISCO, March 26—5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date ae compared with those cf came date
lart 'season, and rainfalls In the last twenty
four hours : '
Lan This Last
0-00 27.75 22.17
Fac-amcnto Trace 1*).4« 17.18
JanF?anc?sco 0.00 1C.95 18.84
Kresno 0-00 «10 10.28
Independence 0.08 4.13 C.81
Kan Luis Obispo 0.12 19.40 27.62
Los Ar K ele« 0.02 9.3. 14.10
Ban Diego O.24 5.M ».19
Ban Francipco data: Maximum temperature,
Cl: rr'.r.irr.uin. 45; mean, tA.
The tollowlng maximum and minimum tem
peratures vere reported from Eaatern gtations:
Boston f>2-SS| Kansas City. . ... .72-56
Cincinnati «6-4S| Omaha ... ....72-80
Philadelphia GK-3R Chicago TM-ZH
Waishington 50-30 Duluth .40-36
Jacksonville .... .70-56!Et. LouU ....:... .74-58
New York 02-3Sir.alt Lake City 36-30
THE CO*A£T P.ECORD.
C120th Meridian — Pacific Time.)
Weather Report.
EVAPORATED APPLES— There Is' rather
an easier fepling in evaporated apples, but
trade is verj' quiet. and. prices are not quot
ably lower. State,; common to good*. '7@83ic:'
prime; OiQUYic; choice,- ?9V4©10c; < fancy, ; 10 V6.
d ; llc. • ;¦ • '• ¦ - .--... ..... .. _ ./ ... ..
- Prunes are somewhat- easier In tone and
moved • slowly, with .business mostly of a job
bing- nature. Apricots- and : peaches -arc held
steady and are receiving. a -good jobbing'inter
est. No change in. quotations. ¦¦'--., • •
PRUNES— 3%©7c. '.,. • .¦..,,.;., '...
' APRICOTS— Royal, 10®14c; Mooroark. 11U
@12Hc--'*- - •'¦ ¦' '•'-¦' - : - - .•¦•..-•'-¦¦
PEACHES— Peeled,:14@18c; Uhpeeled, 8@10c
DRIED FRUITS
%.« net advance. March, closed 78H&C; May,
78 5-l(i@7OV4c. closed 78%c; July, 78%@79%c,
closed 79 %c; September. 78@79c, closed 7t!%ic.
¦HOPS-H}uiet. ..'•.;¦: ~ ' ¦¦ . . . ';;•-.. ,,- .
HIDES— Quiet.
WOOL — Quiet. ¦ : .- • ; .. - ..
COFFEI3 — Spot" RI6,- : dUll; " No. 7 ' invoice,
5%c; Cordova, 8® 12c. Futures closed flrm. at
a net advance of 10 to 20 points. Total sales
were 40.7S0 bairs, including: April, S.20@5.S0c;
May. 5.3t'@5.45c; June, 5.50c; July,5.50©5.C5c;
August, 5.75c; September, T).70@5.85c; October,
5.85c; December. 5.85@6.05c; January, 5.95c.
. SUGAR—^Raw, '-Btrong;- "fair refining, -8%c;
centrifugal,' 90 test,8%c; Molasses sugar,' 2%c;
refined, flrm. ' -..¦•¦•• ¦_'¦ . . ¦
«¦— ; *
NEW YOP.K. March 20.— FLOUR— Receipts,
31,540 barrels; exports, 857 barrels. Market
more active and steady. ... . ¦ '_.
WHEAT— Receipts, 2C0.300. bushels; exports.
63,907 bushels. ' Soot, flrm; :No. .2 red. 83%c
elevator; No. 2 red. 8<i%c f. o. b.. afloat; No. 1
Northern Duluth, 82 %o f. .o. b.. afloat; No. 1
hard Manitoba. 1 . 84% c f.' o. b. afloat Wheat
prices worke.1 considerably higher to-day on a
broader speculative trade and light pit offer
ings in face of jp. restricted ¦ export business.
The buying . motives were higher , cables, small
receipts West and a big jump in corn, together
with active coverlnK. . Th» close was flrm at
-. PORTLAND, March 26.— Clearings. $354,005;
balances. $53,478. - -
TACOMA. March 26.— Clearings, . $174,533;
balances. $52,692. ' _ _
SEATTLE, March- 20. — Clearings,- $440,750;
balances. ?76,215. ¦• .
SPOKANE, March 28;— Clearings,- $235,458;
balances ?20,410. . . .
Northern Business.
New York. Grain and Produce.
FOR WEDNESDAY. MARCH 26. ; . .
Flour, qrsks...' 13.585 Straw, "tons..'... 5
Wheat, ctls 3,205 Wool. sks. 233
Barley, ctls..... 4,745 Hops, bales..... . 75
Alfalfa Seed, «ks 32 Tallow, ctla.... 237
Oats . ctls 488 Pelts, bdls...... 0,725
Beans. «ks. 1,039 Hides. No. 251
Corn, ctls. . ..... 135 Raisins, bxs. . . . 700
Potatoes, ska... 2,170 Quicksilver, -flks 71
Onions, sks M) Leather, rolls. .. rut
Feed, sks....... 200 Wine. gala. 100.050
-Bran, sks.. 1.1DO Lime. bbl«. - 332
Middlings, sks.. 3,100| Sugar, ctls. 4,282
Hay, tons....... 270' Chicory,' sks.... n
OREGON. '
Flour, qr sks....'. 1,104 Onions, sks...'.. 50
Potatoes, sks... . 298 Hops, bales 73
Receipts of Produce.
.WASHINGTON. March 26.-^To-day!s state
ment .of the Treasury balances in the general
fund, exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve
In the division of i redemption, , shows : Avail
able cash balance, $172,243,959; gold, ?91,219,
055.
Condition of the Treasury.
LONDON, March 26.— rThe second series of
the wool auction' sales closed to-day. : The
offerings numbered, 0757- bales, chiefly cross
bred? from New Zealand. Good grades were in
demand and sold at unchanged rates and i in
ferior stock was unchanged. When the series
opened merinos sold at par to 0 per cent above
the February. sales, and on this basts proceeded
amid uniformly brisk .and- general competition
throughout.- Fine wools were in special de
mand., and; fine -cross-breds, after opening at
par to 5 per cent higher, hardened somewhat;
Coarse graded opened T> to 7% per cent higher,
but closed weaker. Cape of Good Hope and
Natal were In good demand and .nearly all
were sold. . The sales closed with a firm tone.
American purchases were confined to fine and
medium ,cross-breds and a - few lots of . choice
greasy merinos.
London ' Wool -Sales.
; EGGS— Ranch. 15^@lCc , for selected large
and 14 %@1 5c for. good to choice; store, 13@
HHc per dozen. • ' . .. ,"
CHEESE— New. 9%@10%c; old, 9@llc;
Young ¦ America. 8@10c ; , ' Eastern, 13® 15c per
pound. - • . .'•.-.¦'¦•• ¦
t BUTTER — Creamery, ,21c per. pound . for
fancy, '20c for firsts and , 19c for seconds;
dairy, > :17@19c;, store: .Butter.' ',106170 per
pound. , : ' ' . , •:•-¦- • '¦_
¦ Receipts . were. 75,500- pounds -and 26 tubs of
Butter. 2183 cases of Eggs,' 25. TOO . pounds- of
California Cheese, • pounds -. of Oregon
Cheeseand pounds of Eastern .Cheese. -
.Eggs are:belng placed on cold storage in
liberal quantities, as the local demand is in
sufficient to absorb the large receipts, and
even with this storing the market is overcrowd
ed with stock. The feeling continues weak and
concessions are given buyers. . .
Quotations' for Butter, Cheese and Eggs re
mained as before. The decline in Butter estab
lished ' Monday led , to some orders from the
north, but not as many as had been expected.
Most of them were very email, and one housa
could have ¦ filled • them all. ' Receipts ¦ continue
largo, and It Is thought that still lower prices'
will be found necessary to work up much
northern business. Packing will soon begin,
however, I and this will relieve . the market a
good deal. . ¦ - / . ¦ ¦
Dealers continue to complain of a weak and
dull Cheese market, with large stocks and lib
eral receipts. - •
Butter, Cheese and Eggs,
GAME— Hare, $1@1 25: Rabbita, $1 60 for
Cottontails and $1 for Brush; Gray Geese, $2 50
(S3 50- White Geese, $1@1 CO; Brant, $1@2 per
dozen- Honkers, $3®4; English Snipe, $3; Jack
Snipe. $1 50@2; Wild Pigeons, $1 25.
Three cars of Eastern were placed on the
market, making four since Monday. Receipts
of Calif ornlan were liberal, - but • the', demand
continued brisk, and all kinds were firm with
the exception - of Hens and small Broilers,
which were in, plentiful supply and dull. The
market cleaned up : well.
Receipts of Gams were 22 sks and pricea
ehowed little change. '
• POULTRY — Live Turkeys, 14@l!5c for Gob
blers and lC@l«c for Hens; Geese, per pair,
$1 50®l 75; Goslings. S2 25@2 60; Ducks. $6®
6 for old and46@8 for young; Hens, $4 50@«;
voun«t Roosters, ?6 50®? 60; old Roosters, ?i 60
©5- Fryers, $5 50®6;- Broilers, $5#560 for
large and $3@4 for small; Pigeons, $1 50 per
dozen for old and $2 75©3 for Squabs.
Poultry and Game.
NEW YORK, March 20.— Money on call was
firm at j 3@5 per cent,, closing offered at 3 per
cent; prime" mercantile paper, 4%@5 per cent;
sterling exchange was firm, with actual
ness in bankers' bills at $4 87% for . demand
and $4 85>4 for.slxty days;..posted. rates, 94 £8
and $4 88%; commercial bills, $4 S4&@4 85Vi;
bar. Silver, B3%e; Mexican dollars, > 43%e;
bonds — Government,' steady; State, steady;
railroad. -easier. ,^ •:¦' .",• . , • c .. -.
Nezu York Money Market.
NEW YORK. March 26.— The . cotton market
opened firm, with' prices unchanged-, to 5 points
hlgher-and' closed 1 'quiet -'and steady.- ; with'
pricea net 7 points higher to 1 point lower.-. ¦:
New York Cotton Market.
Rio Tintos spurted to 43% : oh the % 'rise In
copper, to -£52 10s the: ton, but Anaconda- was
weak at C%, fearing a passing of dividends.
NEW YORK. March 26.— The Commercial
Advertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The stock market was characterized by holiday
idleness. There was a dull ¦ opening- on the
more unfavorable news about Cecil Rhodes, but
strength developed later on the defeat of Gen
eral Delarey,' -which is expectea to expedite
peace. American snares were lifeless and dull
on bear talk, of . labor • troubles among" the
miners, interstate commerce proceedings and
trusts. .......
London Market.
Iron ruled firm in tone. . Plgiron warrants
were nominal. No. 1 foundry, ; Northern, ?19@
20; No. 2 foundry. Northern, $18@19; No." 1
foundry. Southern, S17 5O@1S; No. 1 . 1 foundry.
Southern, soft, $17 50@18-.50. Glasgfow closed
at 52a Cd and Middlesboro at 4Cs 8d. ..."
Spelter was unchanged but quiet and steady
at 4.33c at New York. , London was unchanged
at £17 10s. k " '
X<ead was steady, and .' uhchansred . here '. at
4%c, whereas London, waa Is. SS' higher, at" £11
78 «d.:' :.-,. .. \-y .:._.'..¦ '-', •:.'¦} <.¦•-:.' .;
': Copper was unchanKed but. steady, at New
York* with- lake. fiyl^c to 12%c and casting
arid electrolytic "at 12Vic asked.' At London
there was an advangsnof . 7s 6d, -.with spot'and
futures closing at . .£52., 10s. ..i-. -,t; - ... .
"NEW TORKi-'MaK* 2fl.-~A.aiTn tone to the
New York market Mras' noted in "piE 'tin, •with
spot closing at 2(Sc to 2CVic. At London prlce.i
were about us last quoted, with spot at .£110
10s and futures at £114 2s -6d." «'.-'-.. '
• r 'A'WEDNESDAT, March 2ft— 1 p..m..
Bid. Ask., : Bid. Ask.
Alpha 02 03 Justice 10 ¦ 13
Alta 04 . 06 Kentuck 01 02
Andes 04 03' Lady Wash... — 0*
Belcher 05 06' Mexican 4i> 6(>
Best St. Belch. 23 26- Occidental. ... ¦* OS lo
Bullion 02 03. Ophir 100 1 05
Caledonia.... 48 49; Overman ....*08 10
Challenge Con 13 20|Potosi ... 15 ltt
Chollar .. 14 ISiSavage 06 0T
Confidence ...' CO ¦ 70i Scorpion — 04
Con C & Va. .1 25 1 30 Seg Belcher... 02 (Kl
Con Imperial. — 01 Sierra Nev... 25 28
Con New York 02 03 SUver Hill...... 86. 68
Crown Point.. • 04 05[st Louis...... 06 —
Eureka Con:. IS —i Syndicate.... — WJ
Exchequer ... 01 02 Union Con W ?7
Gould & Curry 10 11 Utah 05 ©T
Hale & Norc. 2a 29 Yellow Jacket 17 13
Julia — 04
ESTIMATES NEEDS OF
SCHOOL DEPARTMENT
Superintendent Webster Wants Pro
vision Made to Build Ten New
Schoolhouses. . -
-Superintendent of Schools "Webster ha3
submitted, to Auditor Baehr hla es
timate of the expenditures for the
maintenance of the School Department
for the next fiscal -year. Webster figures
that $1,633,443 will' be required, of which
$102X000 is for teachers' salaries, $57.WX>
for janitors* salaries. $10,000 for books for
school libraries and indigent children.
$19,565 for supplies, JS7.100 for repairs to
many i schoolhouses and 5325,000 for new
school buildings. The last item is sub?
divided as follows:
Bergerot School $25,000, Burnett $70,000.
Laguna Honda $2^.000. Madison $700i>,
Monroe $35,000, Park $6000. Richmond $40.
000,-Sheridan $30,000, Sunnyslde $12,000;
Washington $73,000.
. ¦ ¦ • »
Home Missionary Society.
.¦ The twelfth anniversary of the Horn*
Missionary Society of San Francisco r wa9
celebrated Tuesday at . Westminster Pres
byterian :, Church. . copier of Page and
Webster streets. J Meetings were held In
the morning, af terrroon and evening, and
were well attended by representatives of
the dlffernent Presbyterian Home Mis
sionary societies of this city. Inspiring
addresses were delivered by Mrs. Ames,
president of the society; Miss Morton.
Mrs. W. Mead, Mrs. E. I* Wemple, Mra.
J B. Roberta, Mra. A. A. Brltton. Miss
M. E. Boyce, Mrs. Thomas Pedlar, Mm.
H. B. Piriney. Mr3. L. S. Qulmby. Mrs.
R. B. Goddard, Mrs. J. D. Gilmore. Mrs.
W. H. Hamilton, Mrs. A. I*. Barry, Mrs.
H. Rice. .Mr. R. Thompson. Mr. WlnfteAd
Barrows. Miss Marjruerite Slocombe. Ml«3
Julia Fraser, Mls3 Bella Stanford, Mr. H.
B. Bostwick. The meetings were held to
discuss the achievements of the past
year, and to inspire the 'members to. ex
tend ths tvork during the present 'year.
/ . «. . ;
Asks Mayor to . Save Money.
The execxitlvc committee of the Federa
tion of Mission Improvement Clubs met
Tuesday night at 28-19 Market street and
adopted a resolution, which was sent yes
terday to -Mayor Schmitz, requesting him
tt> abolish all supertluou» offices In order
that $100,000 > may be saved for the per
manent lmnrovement of the city. The
committee sets forth fn the <¦ resolution
that at least lft per cent of the money
raised by taxation should be used for tho
Improvement and beautif yirig of the. city.
The resolution also calls the Mayor's at
tention to the manner in which the Board
of Public Works conducts Its work.
CLOSING QUOTATIONS
' Afternoon Session. '
500 Belches 06i 200 Mexican ..... 50
1200 BestJ* Beach. 25 200 Ophir 100
1100 Best & Belch. 200 Potosi . 18
300 Caledonia ... 43 300 Sierra Nev. .. 2H
300 Chollar 14! 300 Silver HIH.... 57
100 Con Cal & V.I 30 500 Utah ." 06
200 Gould &, Curry. 10 L 400 Yellow Jacket 17
300 Hale & Norc. 27L ... ' ',
, -. ¦', "-'Morning Session.
1500 Best & Belch. 20 500 Ophir ......1 02%
300 Caledonia ... 47 1200 Ophir 1 00
. 200 ChoUar 13 300 Overman .... 09
100 Con. C & V.I 32% 500 Potosi 15
500 Gould & Curry 10 1100 Potosi 18
300 Mexican 50[ 600 Savage 0T
SOO Mexican 51 1 400 Union Con... 2S
200 Best & Belch. 25; 100 Mexican 50
200 Caledonia ... 43 500 Sierra Nev... 28
600 Chollar ...... U' 100 Yellow Jacket 13
Following' were' the sales In the Pacific Stock
Exchanger yesterday :
Afternoon Session
Morning Session.
800 Best & Belch. 2« 1000' Gould & Curry 10
a 00 Caledonia ... 47 300 Mexican CO
100 Caledonia ... 4« - 200 Potcsl ...,^.f-J3
200 Caledonia ... 45 500 Savage ...... 07
200 Challenge ... 20 100 Union Con. .. 23
300 ChoUar 12|
. Following were thu sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock and exchange Board yesterday:
MINING STOCKS,
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per pound. In 100-lb
bags : Cubes, A. Crushed and - Fine Crushed,
4.50c; Powdered. 4.85c:" Candy Granulated.
4.S5c; Dry Granulated Fine, 4.25c; Dry Granu
lated Coarse, 4.25c; Fruit Granulated, 4.25c;
Beet Granulated (100-lb bags only), none;
Confectioners' A, 4.25c; Magnolia A. 3.85c;
Extra C, 3.75c; Golden C, J 3.65c: "D."
3.55c; barrels, 10c more; half -barrels, 25c more;
boxes, 50c more: 60- lb bags, 10c more, for all
kinds. Domlnos — Half-barrels, 4.75c; bases.
5c per lb. No - order taken - for less than 75
barrels or Its equivalent. •
COAL OIL — Water White. Coal" Oil. In bulk,
13%c; Pearl Oil. in\ cases, 20c; Astral. 20c;
Star. 20c; Extra Star. 24c; Elaine. 25c: Eocene,
22c; deodorized stove Gasoline, .in bulk. 15%c;
In cases, 22c; Benzine, in bulk, 14%c; In cases,
21c; SO-degree. Gasoline, in bulk. 20c; In cases,
26%c.
TURPENTINE — 73c per gallon in cases and
C7c In drums and iron barrels.
- OIL— California Castor. Oil, In cases. No. 1.'
70c; pure. $1 20; Linseed Oil. in barrels, boiled,
7Cc; raw, 74c; cases, 5c. more;. Lucol, 6(Jc for
boiled and (Uc for raw, in barrels.;: Lard Oil.
extra winter strained, .bartels, 85c; cases/ DXJcr
China Nut.' 57%@GSc..per gallon; pure Neats
foot, r In barrels, 70c; cases, 75c; Sperm, pure.
4>5c; Whale Oil, natural white, '40@50c per gal
lon; Fish .Oil, barrels, 41 %c; cases, 47%c;
Cocoanut Oil, barrels, 63%c for Ceylon and
58%c for Australian.
. COAL — Wellington, $9 per* ton;. Southfleld
Wellington,*. $9; Seattle, $6 50: Bryant. $6 50;
Roslyti. $7 ; Coos Bay. $3 50; Greta. $S; Walls
end. $8 50; Co-operative Wallsend,.?S 50; Cum
berland, $12 in bulk and *13 25 in sacks; Penn
sylvania 'Anthracite "Egg, < "T r Welsh An
thracite, *14; Cannel. $11 per ton; Coke, $15
pert ton In bulk and ?17, In sacks; Rocky Moun
tain descriptions. $S 45 per 2000 lbs and $5 50
per tan, according to brand.
• BAGS-^Ciraln Bags, June'and July, 6c; San
Quentln.'- 6.55c; Wool - Bags, '. 32@35c; Fleece
Twine. 7%©8c. ...r ..- i .. ?
General Merchandise.
\ - ''i ¦ , _ NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks — • Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atchison 2.500 77% . 77 ¦ 77Mi
Atchison pfd .: 2,200 97% 90% 87
Baltimore & Ohio.. 3,700 -10C& 105% 106
Balto & Ohio pfd 94U
Canadian Pacific . . 2,100 115»4 115 HS^i
Canada Southern .. 100 87% 87% S7
Chesapeake & Ohio. 500 43% 45>£ 45Vi
Chicago & Alton.. 400 30 . 35% 35%
Chicago & A pfd.. 200 7R 75 % 75%
Chicago Ind &. L.. 700 C5% 63 H 04%
Chi Ind & L pfd.. 400 73 77 »i 78
Chicago & East 111. 100 - 159H 159% ¦ 1C8
Chicago &.GW.. 700 24% 23% 23%
Chi & G W A pfd. .... '¦'¦ S8%
Chi & G W B pfd. 4t%
Chicago & N W .. 3,300 230 228% 229%
Chi Jl I &-P. 1.200 179 Vi 178H 178%
Chicago T & T 100 17% 17% 17%
Chi T & T pfd... 300 34% 34 34*4
C C C & Bt Louis' 400 102% 102ty 102 >
Colorado Southern. 800 20% 26% 2G%
Colo So 1st pfd... 300 70% 70H 70%
Colo So 2d pfd 800 39% 39 3Q\
Delaware & Hudson 100 171 171 170%
Del Lack & West. . : 200 283 281 260
Denver & R G 42%
Denver & R G pfd 200 81% 91 M 91
Erie 3,000 36%. 36% 30%
Erie 1st pfd ...... 300 08% C8% C8V4 '
Erie 2d pfd 200 54% 54 C4%
Great Northern pfd .... 184%
Hocking Valley .. 200 70% 70% 70%
Hoiking Valley pfd i 100 85V4 85 85
Illinois Central 1.400 141% 140%' 141%
Iowa Central 1,100 4»V4 *S 49
Iowa Central pfd.. 1,700 83% 80% 83%
Lake Erie & West. 200 67% C7 67
Lake Erie & W pfd > f-130
Louis & Nash 4.300 100% 100% 10(i%
Manhattan L 4,800 134 133% 133%
Metropolitan St. Ry 1.300 JC8V4 167% .1C7%
Mexican Central... 2.900 2»% 28% 2»%
Mexican National . 800 18% 18%. 18%
Minn &.St Louis.. 400 .. 112% 109% 109%
Missouri- Pacific... 5,400 IQOty 99%. 03%
Mi"ouri K & T... 200 24%* 24% 24%
MoK&Tpfd.. W%
New Jersey Central ..... ..' l»J
New York Central.. 2.200 103% . 162% 1«2%
Norfolk & Western, 1.100 . 00% . 50% 50
Ontario ' 400 32% 32% 32%
Pennsylvania ....... 4,300/149% 149% 149%
Reading . 20.20«/ WJ% 65% 60%
Reading 1st pfd...- 1.800 81% • 80% ,81
Read nl 2d pfd. . . . 4.000 C«% C7% C8%
StfftVr.!.'..... 2.200 C6% ;C5%, CC
it l'H f\& Pfd "ido 73% -73% - 5£
Rf LOUIS S W.... 300 26',<i 26 28
U Louis S-W pfd.- 700-59%. 59,% . . 59
cj ....... 11.000 -lOSTfc 163% l«3i/.
pP Paul pfd ...... 100 lSo% . 186% 186%
iouK^cific ... 3.700 •£ IgK^gj
?^vn« 2 rZ<AM.. 400 40% • 40 40%
Tofedo St L t W COO 21 % .. 21 % 20%
?Lf? s / \\-«t pfd loo r.7 30% . ' 3«y»
Union ptdflc 8 '.^.. H.8W 99% 99^. «o%
Union Pacific pfd.. gO 88 ,87% J.^
wlwh nfd'""' • 1.500 . 42^ 42$ 42g
W^on^Cen 2^ "s66 22%; 22*- 22^
WlBconein Cent pfd >°° 43 -* *?.**y;'-*?™,
Ex press cempaniea— ¦¦_- ' ifl* '
American V.* xi*\ '
United Sutes. J"?
Wells-Fargo ..*... "• • 1J<>
'Miscellaneous-— ._., ~n -~-+;
AmalBCopper...... 44.R0O, 63% 62 03%
Am Car & Foundry 200 31% 41% J.lfy
Am Car & Foun pf 100.. 01% pi -ft . 01%
Am Linseed Oil... 000 2.» . 25 24
Am Linseed Oil pfd .';.. .7 .,....-¦ • • ¦ • al . .
Am Locomotive... 2.«K) . 32 -. 31% 31%
Am Locomotive pfd .1,100 .03% «.1% 83 %
Am Snv»lt & Refln. 300 40% 4C% 4G»i
Am Smelt & R pfd . 200 OH 07% ¦ 07%
Anaconda *MIn Co. 3,400 £0- • 2SV4 2S%
Hrooklyn Rap Tran 700 «5% <»Vi •»*!
Colo Fuel & Iron.. CO. 100" 100 - 10tj% 107%
Cosolldatcd Gas..:.- 1,400 223% 223 223 ¦
Continental Tob pf 100 120 120 119'^
General Electric 200 321 *322 322%
Hocking Coal ..... 2.000 20% 20 lH^
International Pap.. . 500 20% -20 20> 4
Internat Pap pfd.. 1.000 75% '74- - 7i .
International Pow.. COO 94% > 04% 04,
Loclede Gas ......... : 80'
National Biscuit ... 1,800- 50 49%. ; GO .
National Lead .... ..... .... .... 19.
NEW YORK. March 2C.*-To-day's stock
market was a very dull and professional af
fair. Colorado Fuel & Iron and Amalgamated
Copper absorbed between them a large propor
tion of the day's dealings from the ' opening
to the close. The first named ranged up to
2% over last night and the copper stock to 1%.
Colorado Fuel lost the greater part of- the gain
on realizing during the latter part of the day,
but Amalgamated Copper retained all but a
email fraction. Its subsidiary stock was also
firm at or above last night's price, notwith
standing the indefinite postponement from yes
terday of the Anaconda dividend meeting. The
demand was attributed to a Rhort interest,
which nought to take advantage of discouraging
newB to cover their short contracts. The stock
was not offered as freely as the bears had an
ticipated. There was no' new development in
Colorado Fuel and the large transactions in
the stock wer«,by the same brokers as those
recently active in It. The preferred made an
opening jump of C points, relapsed 7 and ral
lied 4. Tennessee Coal was firm in sympathy,
but the other active stocks were neglected and
heavy. American Telephone rose 4 and North
American rallied 3 over last night. -Minne
apolis. St. Paul and Sault Ste. Marie was at
one time up 4 points. There was some firmness
In one or two of the prominent railroad stocks,
but the tendency of the general* list was lower.
The factors influencing ".the unarket .were'prac
tloally the same as '-those of •-. yesterday..'. The
threat of-a- strike by the anthractte miners was
a one. :- The- Coalers, themselves ks
a rule were only slightly affected by the labor
situation, but Lackawanna made a violent
break o* 44. The coming adjournment of -the
exchange from Thursday to Monday had the
usual effect of causing a -closing up of con
tracts. ' There is some fear that the demand In
the loan market to Carry over the stocks from
Thursday until Monday will 'cause a flurry in
call loan rates to-morrow. There is a possi
bility also that a poor. bank statement will be
published in the . Interim. The possible break
ing off of negotiations for peace In South Afri
ca/before trading is resumed was taken account
of .as well as the apparent approach of .the end
of. the career of Cecil Rhodes, which was in
fact reported on the exchange late in the day.
The market closed easy.
There iras a yielding tendency to the prices
o* bonds in sympathy with stocks. Total sales,
par value. $2,500,000.
United States bonds were all unchanged on
the last call. - ¦ . ' .
Nezu York Stock Market.
SHEEP — Receipts, 18,000; sheep and lambs,
steady. Good to choice wethers, $5@5 GO; fair
to' choice mixed. $4 2565; Western sheep and
yearlings, $5 25®ti; native lambs, $4 25g£6 60;
Western lambs, $5 25@5>90. : .
- ST. JOSEPH.
ST. ¦ JOSEPH. Mo., . March 26.— CATTLE-^
Receipts. 1300 head ; market steady. . Natives,
$5 35@6 00; cows and.u heifers, $1 50@5 75;
veals, $4@t> 50; .stockers and feeders, $2 25@
5 25. -i-;.*- -u:-"- .•^.¦¦- :•
HOGS — Receipts. 54C0; steady, r Light and
light mixed. $0 i!0@0 60; pigs, $4@5 35
SHEEP— Receipts. 4000; steady ,to strong.
Western lambs, $0@0 70; Western sheep, $4
.@U. . . ¦ . ..-¦•.• -.'¦-..¦ ' ¦
... New -York Metal Market
. HOGS— Receipts. 40,000; opened weak; closed
strong. Mixed and butchers, $6 30®0 70; good
to choice heavy,- $0 50@0 72'^; rough heavy,
$0 35®C 50; light, $6 2U®tt 60; 'bulk- of sales,
$0 35@0 65. ¦¦'••'.¦, ¦ ¦ ¦
CHICAGO. March 2G.— CATTLE— Receipts.
19,000; steady: Good to prime steers, $6 50®
7 40; poor to medium, $4 25@G"40; stockers and
feeders. $2 50®5 40; cows. $1 40@5 50; heifers.
$2 50@6 ; i canners, $1 40Sf2 . 40 ; ¦ bulls, $2 . 50@5 ;
calves, $2 50@C 25; Texas fed steers, $5©0.
Western steers. $4 00@0.'v .. "? •
CHICAGO,
EASTERN MARKETS.
LAMBS — Suckling Lambs, $2 50®2 75 per
head or 6%@6c per lb llvewelght; yearlings,
4^05o per lb.
HOGS — Live Hogs, 200 lbs and under,' 6% c;
200 lbs and over, 6Vic; feeders. 6*4c; sows. 20
per cent off; boars. 50 per cent off, and stags,
40 per cent off from the above quotations.
The following quotations are for good sound
livestock ' delivered a f, San Francisco, less 60
per cent shrinkage for cattle:;
CATTLE — Steers. SM'dVc: Caws and Heifers,
7@7%c; thin Cowb, 4@5c per lb. ¦ ¦ ¦ ~
¦ CALVES — 1%©5%c per lb (srosa weight).
SHEEP— Wethers, 4%@5c; Ewes, 3%@4c per
lb (gross weight).
DRESSED MEATS,
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows: .
BEEF — 7@7%c for Steers and 6@7c per lb
for Cows, - •. » . • • . .
VEAL— Large. 7%®8c; small. 8'i@10c per
pound. ¦ . ' . . . ¦ . :
MUTTON— Wethers, 8&@9tfc; Ewes, S<3S&c
per pound. . • ¦ .' . -"
LAMB — Yearlings, 10c per lb; Spring Lamb,
12Hc per lb. .
PORK— Dressed Hogs, 7%®9o per lb. •
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
No further change Is observable, but the
feeling Is generally firm, receipts of most de
scriptions being small..
San Francisco Meat Market.
, POTATOES— New Potatoes, 3%o per lb;
old, $1 25@1 40 for Burbanks from the river;
Oregon Burbanks, $1 25©175; Oregon Garnet
Chiles, $1 4001 50; River Reds.- $1 50@l 60;
Early Rose, for seed. $1 60@l 75; small Bur
banks, for seed, $1 20® 1 30; Sweets, $1 85 for
• ONIONS— Oregons, $2 10®2 25 for the best
and $1 7502 for lower grades; Nevada $2 30
©2 35;. Australian. : $3 25@3 75;. Green Onions;
50@C5cper box. ' ' ' .
VEGETABLES — Asparagus, extra fancy,
10c per lb, 769c for No. 1 and 4®0c.for No.
2-- Rhubarb, 60c@$l 40 pe r box; 1 Green Peas,
from Los Angeles, 4c; Bay Peas, 6©6c; String
Beans, from Los Angeles, 17%@20c; Cab
bage "40c. per ctl; Loa Angeles Tomatoes, 75c@
$1 25 per box a'nd 75c@$l 25 per 'crate;. Mexican
Tomatoes, 75c©$l 25 per box. Including repack
ed- Dried Peppers, 10@llc per lb; Los Angeles
do, 13@17%c; Dried. Okra, 12&®20c per lb;
Carrots, S5@50c per sack; Hothouse Cucumbers,
75c@$l 25 per dozen for small and $1 Oolil' for
large; Garlic, 1%@2%c; Los Angeles Green
Peppers, 12Vi@15c; Mexican do, 10@12#c; Egg
Plant from Los Angeles, 25@30c; Summer
Sauash, from Los Angeles, $1 75@2; Marrowfat
Squash. ?10@l5 per ton; Hubbard Squash, $10®
15 •¦ Mushrooms, 30@-l0c per lb. .
There is nothing new to report In Onions,
Although Asparagus and Rhubarb . were
lower, the demand showed little Improvement.
There was some little demand for shipping, but
not enough to relieve the market to any ex
tent.' Owing to the recent rain, receipts of bay
peas were light and prices were higher. Los
Angeles Peas were also higher. ¦ Other Vegeta
bles stood about the same. Receipts were 0
sks and 6 bxs froim L03 .Angeles and, -fcW-bxa
Asparagus, 524 Rhubarb and 01 sks Peas from
the Bay and River. ' .
Prices on ' table , Potatoes were unchanged.
The Oregon steamer arrived with 0047 sks Po
tatoes and '670 sks Onions, none of' which were
offered for sale. Small Burbanks for seed are.
plentiful and dull. Early. Rose are showing
more activity. Only 10 sks of New Potatoes
were . received from across the bay and these
Bold readily at the quotations, but some offer
ings from San Mateo sold from 2H®-*o per lb.
Sweets were firmly held at the quoted price.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
SEEDS — Trieste Mustard, $2 50®2 65; Yel
low Mustard, $3 25@3 60; Flax.' $2 25fT2 50;
Canary 3%c for Eastern: Alfalfa from Utah.
10H@Uc; California, 10@10&c; Rape, 1%@
214c; Hemp; 3%c per-lb. • . - ; ¦ • ¦
. -DRIED PEAS — Nlles. $1 60@2; Green, $1 CO
@2;Blackeye, nominal. ¦
Llmas and small whites are lower and very
weak. The other kinds of Beans remain un
changed. •
BEANS — Bayos. $2 40@2 60; . small White,
$2 60® 2 75; Large White, $2 35@2 60; Pea.
$3 50©4; Pink. $2@2 20; Red. $2 80: Black;
eye, $4 60@4 75; Limas, $4 10@4 25; Red Kid
neys, $3 50®>4 per ctl.
Beans and Seeds.
. ' ' LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— March. May. July.
Opening .-. 0 % R 11%'. . . 5 10%
Closing .............0- 5 11% • 5 10%
;.' . ' PARIS.- ' ' '•
.' Wheat — . " . March. . May-Aug.
Opening 2175 .22 20.
Closing .....2155 22 15
• Flour — . • ¦ r '
Opening 2G 75 . 27 HO
Closing-; ....20 50 27 50
'¦':'¦ Eastern Livestock Market.
f "Our foreign commerce returns deserve win?
attention as they show a continued change in
the drift cf our fOTelsti trade, and a partial
cessation of the enormous trade balances which
have been a feature for several years. In Feb
ruary our export* were only ?101 .500.000. cr
$11,400,000 Icrr than & year ago and $18,000,000
less than In 1899. They were the smallest in
any month since July. 1S99. The decline was
chiefly due to licht corn shipments and a de
crease in iron and eteel exports. A short crop
explain* the loss In corn; but the shrinkage In
rteel products is due to the great demand at
home and low prices and depression abroad.
The 'American invasion' of the European steel
markets Is less threatening than a year or so
ago especially as our British and European
rivals are preparing to lower their cost of pro
duction to meet American competition, our
Import? of merchandise are a» steadily rialni?
as exr>orta are falling, prosperity at home
naturally stimulating the demand for foreign
products. February imports &ge™g"£d *?.
200 000 an increase of nearly $3,000,000 o\er
last y*'ar. For the month, therefore, we had
an excess of exports amounting to $34,200 000.
acainst *4fc. 400.00) last year There la nothing
In thin return of foreign trade movements to a
more normal condition to cause the slightest
concern; but the big favorable trade balances,
so ofun used es bull arrumenta, will be lack-
Ing this spring."
"Beyond a quiet, and somewhat firmer un
dertone there Is little change in the finan
cial situation. In certain respects the outlook
appears to be somewhat brighter, and a more
confident undertone prevails than two or three
weeks ago. This appears to be entirely due to
Fatisfactory trade conditions. Prom various
quarters come reports of heavy distribution of
nearly all classes of merchandise; consumption
epi>ears to continue with unabated activity, and
the expectation generally seems to be that the
country v.-ill enjoy a good spring trade. The
imjxjrtant manufacturing: 'Industries are all
fully enijdoyed and the chief difficulty appears
to be the filling of orders with sufficient
promptness to eatlsfy buyers. This Is espe
cially true of the various branches of the irpn
and textile trades. The activity In the freight
department* of the railroads is further proof
of the good condition of general business, " the
westbound traffic being particularly large for
the season. In consequence railroad earnings
are maintained at high level, surpassing even |
the large increases of the last two years Such
decreases as have appeared ran usually be at- i
irifcuted to last year's crop failures, which have
only recently been felt, and even then in a far
less decree than anticipated, because of the
pressure of other traffic. We have thus seen
an unexampled and totally unexpected con
tinuance of Industrial and railroad prosperity
which apparently has not yet run Its course.
The outlook for the railroads, therefore, is per
fectly Fatlsfactory. Large sums have been
epent out of earnings during the past two years
for improvements and renewals, and expenses
on there . accounts should soon diminish.
Whether any further Increases in dividends are
to follow . or not in consequence trill depend
chiefly upon a continuance of present large
earnings. Unfortunately railroad prosperity
has been very largely discounted in advance and
values have been unduly raised through contest
for control; so these conditions cannot be ex
pected to have the same stimulating effect upon
prices which would be the case were the mar
ket situation less artificial. Nevertheless with
railroads and industrial affairs in such good
shape the market has a substratum of strength
which cannot be overlooked.
"Speculative operations are still held in check
by absenteeism and the low condition of the
bank .'reserves.' Very .coon the financial leaders
who have been South or elsewhere recuperating
¦will begin to return, and in April the money
rnarktt will be less exposed to stringency than
now. It is quite possible that next month some
concerted effort will be made to Infuse fresh
activity into the market if nothing Intervenes;
it being an open secret that the big holders are
necessarily enlisted on the bull side of the
market. Whether the- public will be tempted
to re-enter or not. it is Impossible to predict;
the inducements ere not very great, and there
is not the material for any extensive bull cam
paign, though It is quite within the realm of
possibilities to create a better trading market.
Much will depend upon crop reports. The crop
situation as a whole next 6easoa Is hardly like
ly to be worse than last year's with Its small
yield of corn and cctton. Simply average crops
this rear would save the market from setbacks
on that score. The weakest element of the
situation is the fact that the financial leaders
are carrying heavy lines of stocks bought at
high prices, which they would like to Eell. and
the marketing of which taainly depends upon
their various concentration schemes that hav«
been seriously checked by legal lnterferencs,
notably In the Northern Pacific merger pro
ceedings. Fortunately there Is no question
whatever about the ability of these gentle
men to carry the burden which they have un
dertaken, but they are getting little help from
th«? public. • ' .
The New York circular of Henry Clews says
Outlook for Business.
HOW THE SITUATION IS SEEN THROUGH
WALL STREET EYES
Everything remains' about. as' before. Hay
being weak and- Bran and Middlings firm. .All
quotations remain unchanged^' •'¦ ' ¦ '•'.'¦.
BRAN — $156'lti per ton. •• ' ;
MIDDLINGS — $17 60©19 50 per ton.
•' FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled • Barley. $20@21 S per
ton; Oilcane Mealat the mill. $25@26; jobbing,.
$26 C0@27; Cocoanut Cake. $20®21; Corn Meal.'
$20@30: - Cracked- Corn. $29 50@30 50; ' Mixed
Feed $1G($)17 50; Cottonseed Meai; $26 507. *':.
. HAY — Wheat. $9@11 50; Wheat" and Oa,t,
$8-50(g)ll: -Oat,.' $S@10 50: Alfalfa, $S<?811;
Clover, $709; Volunteer, $6 50@S CO; Stock,
$G@8 per. ton. - ~, x '' . •.
STRAW — 10@05c per bale.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
The pressure has risen slowly over the 'coast
north of Point Conception and has fallen slowly
over Southern Arizona. There has been a
gradual rise In temperature over California and
conditions are now about normal.
With the- exception of ehowers In the ex
treme southern portion of the State there has
been no rainfall In California.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight March 27:
Northern California — Fair Thursday, warmer;
light northerly winds.
Southern California— Fair Thursday, warmer;
light northerly winds.
Nevada— Fair Thursday, warmer; light
northerly winds.
San FrancUeo and vicinity — Fair Thursday;
light westerly winds.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE. .
Forecast Official.
FORECAST,
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL"
The different exchanges will adjourn "as fol
lows over Good Friday: San Francisco Pro
duce Exchange, Friday; Stock and Bond Ex
change, Friday and Saturday; Chicago, Friday;
New York. Friday; London. Friday. Saturday
end Monday; Continental Europe. Friday and
Monday. The adjournments will greatly re
duce the volume of the world's business during
the next four or five days. _ "
Good Friday.
Temperature at 7 a. m., 40 degrees
Walla Walla. .30.08 50 40 SW Cloudy .00
Winnemucca .30. OS 44 22 NW Clear .CO
Yuma 29. S2 00 3S N " , Clear .00
MILLSTUFFS— Prices, in sacks are as fol
lows.- usual- discount to the ' trade :¦ Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 CO;. Rice Flour. $7: Corn Meal., $3 25;
extra cream-do, $4; Oat Groats. $3; Hominy,
$4@4 25; -Buckwheat Flour, $4@* 25; Cracked
Wheat, $3 50; . Farina. |4 50; Whole Wheat
Flour $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $6 85©8 35;
in sacks, $0 60@8; Pearl Barley, $5;, Split Peas.
$5;: Green Peas, $0 50 per 100 lbs.
FLOUR — California Family .Extras, $3 50®
3 75, usual terms; Bakers' Extras. $3 40@3 60;
Oregon. ?2 75@3 25 per barrel ' for family and
$3©3 50 ' for Bakers' ; Washington Bakers'. $3
@3 50. ' . ''-¦ •¦ -:¦ '¦¦ \ .- ' ' .>¦ ; '.;
Flour and Millstuffs.
HOPS— ll@12c for fair and 12%@14c per lb
for good to choice. Local dealers quote 15®
17 %c for shipment. v
• WOOL— Spring Southern. 112 months. 9@10c;
do, 7 months. 9011c: Foothill, ll®13c per lb.
.HIDES "AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about l%c under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, 10%c; medium. 9&9%c; light, 8@8%c:
Cow Hides, 0c for heavy and 8c for light;
Stags! f@6%c; Salted Kip. 8c; Salted Veal. 9c;
Salted' Calf, 10c: Dry Hides. 16c; Culls, 14c;
Dry Kip, 13c; Dry Calf, ISc; Culls and Brands'.
15c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 15@30c each; short
Wool. K0@60c each: -medium, CO@75c; long
Wool. SOc@|l 10 each; Horse Hides, salt. S2 75
&'i for large and S2 2o@2 60 for medium, «l 75
H'i for small and 50c for Colts; Horse Hides,
dry, $1 75 for large. $1 25®1 60 for medium. ,?1
(ffl 25 for small and 50c for Colts. Deerskins —
Summer or red skins, 35c;' fall or medium
skins, .HOc: winter: or .thin skins, 20c. Goat
skins — Prime, Angoras, "JSc'; large 'and smooth,
50c; medium, 35c. -¦¦¦¦'¦
'¦:. TALLOW-rNo.l. rendered ' 5%@Sc per lb;
No. 2. 4%@5c; grease.", 3@3%c
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
• COTTOLENE— One half-barrel, 9%c; three
half-barrels. 9%c; one tierce, 9%c; two tierces.
8%c; five tierces, 9%c per lb. .
LARD — Tierces quoted at 7%c per lb for
compound' and" 10%@llc for pure; half barrels,
pure, ll%c; 10-lb tins, ll%c; 5-lb tins. ll%c;
3-lb tins,. ll%c • ¦¦-¦-.¦ -
; CURED MEATS— Bacon. 12c per lb for
heavy, 12%c for -'light medium. 13%c for light.
14 %c for. extra light and 15c for sugar-curtd;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 13©13%c; Califor
nia Hams. 11%@12%c; Mess Beef. ?9 50@10
per ' barrel ;' extra - Mess, - $10 C0@ll ; Family,
$11 50® 12; prime Mess Pork. $15; extra clear,
$22 50@23; Mess, $1S C0@19; Smoked -¦ Beof.
13%@14c per lb. • ' -
Chicago again advanced I and this market
continued ¦ flrm in sympathy, though the pre
dicted advanc# has not yet It i*
looked for any day, however.* . . •
Provisions.
Nczv York Exchange higher. Sterling unchanged.
Wheat futures shoiv some improvement.'
Barley, Oats, Corn and 'Rye unchanged.^
Hay weak and Bran and Middlings firm.
Lima and small white Beans lower and wealed Colored -firm.
Potatoes continue to arrive heavily from the north. ¦
Provisions very firm, but .no higher.
Fair demand for Dried Fruits at firm prices.
No further change in Meat quotations.
Asparagus and Rhubarb loiver. Green Peas higher.
Three cars of Eastern Poultry arrived. ' ¦ ' ¦
Oranges firm. Fresh Bananas in from Honolulu.
Fair trading in local stocks and bonds.
North Amcrlcanv . .' C.200 • 127% ¦ 123 125%
Pacific Coast'..... 100 73 • 7.J ¦ -73---
Pacific Mail ...... 100 44H 44U : 44%
1 eople s ; . 700 101% .101% 3,01% ;
Pressed Steel Car.. 3.400 42 41^i '41&-:
Puffin S k C , ar Car d -- 1 ' 10 ° 1/J > 5 ' \&£
» CpUb J! c Steel .... 666 ' isU'- 17% »17% j
Republic Steel pfd. 800 74% 74% 74^
v«P r X ••,*•.• 15,000 132% 1.11 »i 132 ¦
•Tenn Coal & Iron.. .1,400 71% . 70 70%
Lnion Hag & Paper ........ 16>A
Lnion Bag & P pfd • «00 * 81 .: , SO .7914.
US Leather.. 4.500 .12% 12%. 12^
Vr o » U ?, b8r L--.;7OO:\17% . .17% 17%
% % " ub V er PW- •• 300 / (52 - t)2 61 «
L S Steel pfd .: ... 4.700 J 9i% 93% 03% .
AVettern Union ..-.. 400 .00 89%- .¦ :' SiO ¦ .
-,. Total sales 419,400
.. NEW 1'ORK BONDS. %i ''¦" .;.,
H| rfi '? s «R ••• 109. ;L & N unlf 4s. ..102^
U S ref Js coup. . .ioa% Mexican Cen 4s. . 84
H .^ s ns ......109V* Do 1st inc ..... »3ii
US 06 coup .....1O9>4 Minn & S L 4s... 104 -
U S new 4s reg.isy m K, & T 4s . ..100%
U S new 4s coup.l3))% Do 2ds . . ...... 82%
US old 4s reg...m «-.y Cen Ists. .. .103*4
US old 4s coup... 11-J Do i gen SV^s ...10S%.
U b 5s res 100 N J.Cen ren 5s.. 140
V, s k " 1S COU U- 10(5 1 Northern Pac 4s.. 105%
Atehlson gen 4s.. 105% Do 3s .:. '.74%
i>^?'l ai S. Bt 4s •• w Norf-.& W con 4s. 103%
Ea r U * Ohio. 4s... 104%! Reading gen 4s.:- 08%
Do J%s ...9(5 jst L & I M en 5s.l20
_Do conv 4s ...107 Pt I- & S F 4s... 99%'
Can South 2ds...lO8 St I. S-W.Ista.-.. ;«)%
Central of Ga i"s.llO%!st L S W 2df R0%
_Do 1st Inc 78%|San A & A P. 4s.. 01%
s r & .? hl ° 4 % s -10S (Southern Pae 4s.. 04%
S I. . Alton :<^ s - Si '^ Southern Ry 5s.\12l%
«S''S. &vQ ' new 4s - 0^ T /K.Texas & Pac lfits.120%
C?-M&StP..gen-4s.U0. Tol St L & W 4s. 84%
C & N W con 7s. 130 Union Pacific 4s.. 105%
C R I & P4s.....H2% Do conv 4a ...106%
OX-C&StL een 4s.l(MU Wabafh lsts ....110V
Chi Term 4s .... 88 Vi Do 2ds 110%
Colo South 4s,... 94% Df> dob B ...;» 71%
Denver & R G 4s.lO3V» W f rt Shore 4*..:. 113%
Erie prior lien 4s.lOO W & L Krte 4s... fi\V %
Do Ken 4s .... 87% Wisenndn Cen 4s. nnu.
Ft W & D C lsts. 112% Cen Tob 4s ..... C6%
Hocking Val 4%s. 109% x . , .
NEW TORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 40 Little Chief ..',11
Alice ., 10 Ontario .:. 7 25
Greece ... 50 Ophir. :.. .... .95
Brunswick Con ... 09. Phoenix .......... 00
Comstock Tunnel; . 05 Potosi ... .'. J2
Con Cal & Va 1 25' Savage ... I...... 05
Dead wood Terra ..50 Sierra Nevada 1 ../ 22
Horn Silver 1 40. Small ¦ Hopes - 4S
Iron Silver ..., 70 i Standard ... .....3 45
Leadvllle Coh 05 . .< ,
: BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS; '
Money—/ ¦ - Minin~ — *." *¦
Call loans' ....... 4@5 Adventure ... . . .• 20%
Time loans 4®5 Allouez ... ...... 3Ti
Bonds-- Amalgamated ... 63%
N K Gas ". Coke. 59 Baltic ... 47%
Railroads — Bingham ....... 23%
Atchispn ... 77 Cal & Hecla-. ... . .000
Do pfd 97 Centennial. :."... 23%
Boston & Albany. 2(53 Copper Range ...71''
Boston & Maine. 194% Oominion Coal" ..121%
Boston Elevated.. 107% Franklin ... V. .. 12'A
N Y N H & H...214% We Royale ..... 17%
Union Pacific .-. . . 99% Mohawk 34
Mexican Central . 29 Old Dominion-..; 19%
Miscellaneous; — Osceola R9?i
American Sugar.. 132 Parrot ... 2ft'
Do pfd 119 Qulncy 130
Amer Tel A Tel. 171 Vi Santa Fe Copper. » 2T^
Dom I & Steel.. 43% Tamarack ... ...l«o%
General Electric. .322 Trimountaln ..... 95
Mass Electric ... 37 Trinity ......... 14
Do pfd 96% United States ...1S«A'
N.E Gat< & Coke. C% rt fl h ......... ?2»4
United Fruit ....103% Victoria .". .5%
U S St(*l ... 41% Wlrona ... ......" 1>',
Do pfd «4 Wolverine ....... Cl%
Westlnghse com.. 1)0' ¦ •
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS, i
Cons'ols, money. 94 3-10M K. & Tex....... 24%
Do. account 04% Do prefd... ".'... '-WUV
Anaconda ........ 5% NY, Central 1«G«A
Atchteon .:. 70% N"r?olk & Westrn 57%
Do prefd 99% Do prefd....... 42
Baltimore & Ohlo.lOSVi Ontario & Westrn aiVi
Canadian Pacific. 11% Southern Railway R3Vi
Chesa & Ohio..... 4CV 4 Do prefd....... 5i5-%
Chic Gt Western. 24% Southern Pacific. 0<!%"
C M & St Paul... 107% Union Pacific 102
Denver & R G... 44 Do prefd.. 87V,
Do prefd....... 04 US Steel... 42%
Erie ......'. Z1% Do prefd.. 96U (
Do 1st prefd 70VC Wabash 23%
Do 2d prefd.... 55% Do prefd. ..'.'..' 4XV,
Illinois Cent 144% Spanish 4s 77%
Louis & Nash..'.. 108% ••'¦••¦ ' i.v..\'-. .•
• Bar silver, 24 13-l(5dy per ounce.
¦ Monej'. 2%e3 per cent '*.'¦¦' ' y " •
r& The. fate- of. discount In the. open market for
khort 'billsMs 2% per' cent. TheYate of din
count' in- the- open market for -3 -months', bills
is 2% per cent. . • _
j WATER STOCKS.-;-, '.
Contra Costa 75 — i Port Costa. »' <&}£ 68
Marin Co ... tiO -^ j I Spring Vat.. 91V* U"-
GAS AXD ELECTRIC.*
Cent L & P. 2'i — Pac Lfght... 45 ---
Eqt O L Co. U*, — Sac E G&R. 23 S •
Mutual ..... 3' 5 S F G & E. *!Vt * *J*
O G L & H. 5«y. 57% 9 F G L Co. 5»i ft
Pac G Imp.. 35 SOVi Stktn G & E 8 •
INSURANCE. . :
Fircm's Fnd.250^ 275 / . '
BANKS.
AngUMCal .. 89% — .L P & A 166 M0
California ...422% — |Mer Ex <liq) 1S% —
Cal Safe Dp.U7k — S F NatlonL137%
First NaUonl — . — |
SAVINGS BANKS. !
German laao — Sav & Loan — -• ICO
Humboldt :: — — Security Sav. — 340
Mutual Sav. 73 — Union Trnst. — 22C0 - ,
S F Sav U.517% —
i STREET RAILROADS.
California ..16S 172% Market 10O —
Geary — — Presidio ...v-r *' *8 «
POWDER-
Giant 70 79% Vlgorlt ..... — . 4
SUGAR.
Hana 3% 3% Kilauea .... — — ,-.
Hawaiian ... 33 41 Makawell .. 22% 23^4
Honokaa ;.. 10 — Onomea .... 23% 24
Hutchinson . 11% 12 Paauhau ... 12
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack. 129 %1<SO% [Pac A F A. 2Ti —
Cal Fruit As. 100% — Pao C Eorx.165 —
Cal Wins As. 09%100 WPar Paint... 13 —^
Oceanic S Co 34>j 33 | mgM.
Morning Session.
>'i: •¦"-''> Board — . .„«„«¦
50 Alaska Packers' Assn 160 00
20 Cal Fruit Canners' 100 CO
15 Cal Fruit Canners'. .100 73 -.
10 Cal Fruit Canners' 100 62^4
5 Contra Costa Water 7550
25 Makawell - 23 0O
50 Oakland Gaa 57 00.
30 Spring Valley Water ........... »2 00
Street
CO Cal Fruit Canners' 100 50 .-.
S40OO Los Angeles Ry Cs .121 23 ¦
$4C0O N P C R R 5s 1<» 7a
$2O,0CO S F & S J* V bonds ,12.J 75
$55,000 S P Cal 1st con Gs (stmpd) 111 50 .
$5000 Sac Elec Ga9 & Ry 5s. .......... 36 75
Afternoon Session.
Board — . . .
S5 Alaska Packers' Assn 160 00
10 Cal Fruit Canners" .MOO lEJVi
. 35 Cal Wine Assn 0» 75
y 10 Contra Costa Water 75 00
25 Hutchinaon S P Co 11 23
5 Oceanic S S Co... «...•... 3« 0O -
10 Oceanic S S Co .35 25
110 Oceanic S S Co ".. 33 0i>
15 Oceanic S S Co 34 00
$50,000 S P of Arizona (1909) 113 23.
$1000 Oceanic S S bonds 101 0Q
J12.000 Los Angeles liy 3s 121 23-..
$1000 N P C R R 5s <r.lO» 75
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session. - '\\
Board— . ¦ ,
1CC0 Aztec 100
SCO Cala-Standard. s 5... in ¦¦
100 Kern 5 00
1000 Monarch of Arizona (b CO) IS
100 Monte Cristo 140
1000 Oil City Petroleum 10»
1000 Petroleum Center, b 60 07
1000 Petroleum Center, b 30 07
5 San Jcaquin Oil & Dcv 6 SO
BOO Sovereign, s 90 ..<.., * 34
500 Sovereign 1 33
200 Sovereign 40 .
350 Sterling 1 45
200 Sterling, b 30 150
300 Sterling 1 47Vi
850 Sterling 1 50
100 Sterline i 1 62%
100 Sterling 1 55
v Afternoon Session. . ».;->.•-'
Board — . r -i ;. '•"?;'
1 Hanford, a SO 88 00 .
100 Lion 07
500 Monarch of Arizona . . < 17
130 Occidental of W Va. .'. 19
100 Reed Crude S3
400 Sovereign ." ¦¦• 36
200 Sovereign 37 •
1500 Sterling 1 53
400 Sterling 1 57»$
COO Sterling, b 90 1 CO
SUMMARY . OF THE MARKETS
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL
Informal Session — 9:15 ''o'clock — May — 2C00
ctls, 92i&c ;¦ December— 20C0. 78c.
I • Second Session — May — 2000 • ctls, 02#c; lie-'
cember — 2000, 77%c. "
Regular Morning Session— December — 1000
ctls,- 7734c . -, . , :
: ' Afternoon Session — No sales.
.OATS — The market continues very dull.
Grays. $1 30@l 40; whites, $1 :;C@t 45; Sur
prise, $1 40@l 45: black. ?1 12%@1 22>4 for
feed and $1 22%@1 32% for seed; red, jl 30@
1 42% per ctl. '"¦
CORN — Dealers continue to quote a neglect
ed market, . -with . holdings very steady, how
ever. ¦-.-¦." ¦: k.'- ¦¦:¦.... '-."< : ¦¦..:, ':.¦¦":'•. ¦' '¦ ' .
-Large -Tello'w.," 51 33@1 50: small round do,
$1 36@1 50; white. $1 H6O1 40 per ctl.
•: RTE^Quiet at 92%@C5c per ctl."*. ¦
BUCKWHEAT — Quoted at/ $1 C5@l 73 per
ctl. - ..-¦'.¦,,.;¦¦>--¦>.-.. - • - •:¦ ¦¦ . •
CALL BOARD SALES
cent of ' the ' crop : being . destroyed,' according to
rumor.'' / . '•• '. '.¦¦•: '¦'*:• ;..¦'¦ ' ¦¦¦-, -. ¦ ¦ .-.
.. This market-; was; steady, with a slight ad
vance in futures. -
: Spot Wheat— Shipping. $1 10; :~ milling,
$1 1114@1 13% per ctl. ¦
. ; C CALL BOARD SALES. ',
Informal -'-Session— 9:15 o'clock — December—
4000 ctls. *1 07%. . .
¦ ." Second Session — December— : -2CO0 ctls, $1 08%;
14.000, ?1 OSVt; May— 2000, ?1 09%. •
-Regular- Morning ' Session — December — 2000
ctls, $1 08; May— 2000, $100%.
Afternoon Session— No sales. - '
'¦, BARLEY — Continues _ quiet at previous
prices and' the situation presents no new fea
tures; • • ¦ \- ¦.;•¦. . ,r\-' : - . ¦ ¦ '. . ¦¦¦
Feed. 05c for No. 1 and 02% c for off grades;
brewing and shipping grades, 07%c@?l; Cheva
lier. 95c@$l 20 per ctl. : ; .
Cash quotations were ¦ as ¦ follows: . Flour/
steady; No.,.,3. spring wheat; 71%@72c; No. : 2
red. 79@80»4c; No. 2 oats,, white, 44<8>45c; No.
3 white. 43@44%c; No. "2 rye, 57%c;. fair to
choice malting barley, 61@6Gc ; No. 1 flaxseed, :
$1 08; No. $1 72%; mess pork,
per barrel, $10 05@10 10; lard, per 100 pounds."
$9 62%(gO 65;' short-rib sides (loose), $8 70®
8 85; dry-'salted shoulders (boxed), $7 12U«9'
7 25; short clear sides (boxed)' $9 15@9 25;
whisky,' basis of high wines, ?1 30; clover, con
tract grade. $8 75.. . - . \ : : ¦
Articles — . " RecelpU. Shipments.
Flour." barrels 49.000 \ 29,000
Wheat, bushels .....:...... 83,000 - ,' 39,000
Corn, bushels .........:... 153,000 ," 45,000
Oats, bushels ....... ..214.000 ,;103,0O0
Rye, bushels 01,000 ¦' 5,000
Barley, bushels ........... 42,000 . 20.000
On the* Produce Exchange /to-day v the butter
market was easier; creamery. ¦20@27c; dairy;
19V>@20c. ¦ Cheese, . firm, -1194@l3c. "Eggs,
steady;, fresh., 13%@Uc. : ..;.- \, ..
/¦Articles— ' Open. -,. High. - Low. - Close.
i Wheat No. .2—. ¦ , "
May . . . . . ...... 12V* 7314 - 72% > V 72%
July ........... 73% 74 : 73 . .•.•73%
September ..... 73ft , 74 '_¦¦ 73 : 73%
Corn No. 2— _ - , .
May........... 58% -59% BSH -. 5!>%
July ..:....:... C9Vi - <H 08% . G0%
September-. .... '57 ?«*- CO 1 ,* .57%' ; 57 T /s
Oats No. 2 — '. .-¦¦'¦¦¦
May......'. 42*4 .4ni/ t 42 « 42%
July ............ 34% ua%- s-tU'- 34%
September-... .-201/s 2094 29 ' 20%
Mess Pork, per barrel - :
May ....:...:.. 15 J). r » "1(5 ?A r : 15 90 16 15
July ....;•.:.;.. 10 05 15 45 10 05 16 30 ;..
Lerd, per 100 pounds — '- . ¦ . ¦ • ••
May ....:. .':. . .' » 02 Vj t> 77>£ 9 02 '4 9 72%
Julyi.......-.:.. 0 72Vi • 0 00. r 9 72^4 -¦ 0 82y.
September' .:...: 9 82% 10 00 .9 S2% 0.92VJ
Short Ribs, per 100. pounds— ¦'/
May ......\i...H 75 8 87^ . S 75 8 S2Vj
July ........... 8 85 • ?. 97% ,8 95. - .8 02%
September-;::.. S 75 '¦'.; 0 05 3 95". 9 02%
'ciatlo'n'Btating' that 'Kansas would harvest only
viio per cenc and Oklanoiiia ; ouiy ..Hi per c-iic
>ot:a ! crci».-" At 'ihe auvaiice there '.was' liberal
but some ut ¦ tht '. b.a men twuihi,
"corn c.veiteii its iniluence . and ¦ shorts euvtitu,
sending prices up. I Some . proilt-tutfing toward
[the close lautod u loss u£ sumc at tna advance,
but' throughout the session , the tone iwas ex
cellent. ". iuay started y 4 @»4c higher at 72Vi#
Ti%c, eased olt to 72*4 «S, recoverea to ,7»V»<!f
TJvjc ond'efosed firm,. May. &c higher at V2^,t.'
'.'mere. was. oniy- a moderate -trade in oats,
but the ton« -ruled lirm -frith other grains.
May closed \<-c up at 42%c.v .., ; ..
Covering ot lar&e short lines of pork was the
principal -bull factor in provisions.- Trade was
hcavrcr"-than usual 'in all, lines. .;• Commission
bouses •bought ' freely : for . packers and bull*
took lard and ribs. -May pork closed 22^c up,
lard 7«.@10c higher and ribs 10c advanced... <
The Teadlng futures ranged, as follows: . •
the; san i?RAasrciscp call, . Thursday, march 27; 1962.
Foreign Futures.
STOCK MARKET.
LOCAL; MARKETS.
11
10@I3c for standard ' to 'fancy Moorparks;
Evaporated. Apples. S@Oc;. sun... dried... 5c;
Peaches, GY^<SSYiC; Pears. ti@9c; Plums, • pitted,
C@oc; unpittedr lW®2%c; Nectarines.- 6%®«c
for red and. bl'iQiic for white; fits, 4',ic for
black and 0&®6c for white. •
PRUNES — 1901 crop are quoted as follows:
30-40>. C@6%c; 40-CGs. 4%®5%c; GO-GO'S, *H
<?H%c: 60-70 > s.-S%®l%c; 70-SO's, OK&lftc; s6
00's, 2«4@aVic: SJU-iCffg, 2y.@2%c per_lb. .
' RAISINS— Seeded. 3-crown, Sc; 2-crown, 6tf
@7?ic; Loose: Muscatels, OVic for 4-crown <fnd
5 Vic for. seedless;, 3-crown, flc; 2-crown, 5%c:
Seedless Sultanas, 6%c for unbleached and V Q
8>/{.c for bleached. Clusters — Imperials. SO; Det
hesa,'$2 50; Fancy, • ?l 75; Lsndon Layers.
$1 2301.35. . • , ' ¦
KUTS— Walnuts, 'No. 1 softshell, O^QilOc;
No. 2 8@8V,c; No. 1 hardshell, 0c; No. 2. 7c;
Almonds, 10*£@12c for papershell, 0@10c for
softshel and 0®7c for hardshell; Peanuts, 5<g73
for Eastern; Brazil Nuts. 12@12%c; Filberts,
12®12^c; Pecans. ll@13c; Cocoanuts, $3 50U5.
• HONEY — Comb, Il@l2c for bright and SXgtlc
for Usht amber; water white extracted. 5©
Cc; light amber extracted, 4®5c; dark, 4c.
BEESWAX— 27 Vs@20c per lb.
STATIONS. . J»
?
ill II
c c ;
? ? :
5 ¦ ' 's
.Astoria 30.30
Kaker 30. JO
Carson 30. (XJ
Eureka 30.20
Fresno no.02
FlacrtafT 2».W)
Pocatello. Jda.29.02
Independence 23.02
I>o« Awrdea. ..2it.fl2
Phoenix 29. SO
Portland ...:..W.28
R*d Cluft..... 33.00
RoF^ebarg 'M.ZG
f acramento . .SO. 02
Salt Lake 29/.U.
Ban Franclaco..'W.fiC
6. L.. OW.epo.. 30.04
Ban Dlesro 2».S8
BeatUe ........30.20
Epckane .-. ....28.«8
Kcab Bay.... SO. 22
CO *0 - W -
42 28 NW.
. 40 ;to ¦ n ,
f)2 as N
co as nw
40 — <l SW i
40 no w
r.2 30 N
<:2 4G W i
«!2 3S NW <
50 as BW
CO 49 N »
R2 31 Xff -
€2 40 NW <
42 30 N
00 48 W '
Ot 22 -W' i
S8 48 W- (
M 38 BE :
&0 •• 34 SW * '
48 40 W i
cioudy .12
Cloudy -OO
Clear T.
Clear .00
Clear :¦ .00
Clear T.
Clear . .04
Clear.. .OS
C>«>ar .02
Clear - .00
Cloudy -.02
Clear / .00
CloudyJ .00
Clear -,'¦¦ T.
PtCtdy.'.QS
CI«ar..' .00
Clear _;:12
Clear V .2*
Rain""- .10
Cloudy ,- .02
Cloudy' -.04
STATIONS. . J»
?
ill II
c c ;
? ? :
5 ¦ ' 's
.Astoria 30.30
Kaker 30. JO
Carson 30. (XJ
Eureka 30.20
Fresno no.02
FlacrtafT 2».W)
Pocatello. Jda.29.02
Independence 23.02
I>o« Awrdea. ..2it.fl2
Phoenix 29. SO
Portland ...:..W.28
R*d Cluft..... 33.00
RoF^ebarg 'M.ZG
f acramento . .SO. 02
Salt Lake 29/.U.
Ban Franclaco..'W.fiC
6. L.. OW.epo.. 30.04
Ban Dlesro 2».S8
BeatUe ........30.20
Epckane .-. ....28.«8
Kcab Bay.... SO. 22
CO *0 - W -
42 28 NW.
. 40 ;to ¦ n ,
f)2 as N
co as nw
40 — <l SW i
40 no w
r.2 30 N
<:2 4G W i
«!2 3S NW <
50 as BW
CO 49 N »
R2 31 Xff -
€2 40 NW <
42 30 N
00 48 W '
Ot 22 -W' i
S8 48 W- (
M 38 BE :
&0 •• 34 SW * '
48 40 W i
cioudy .12
Cloudy -OO
Clear T.
Clear .00
Clear :¦ .00
Clear T.
Clear . .04
Clear.. .OS
C>«>ar .02
Clear - .00
Cloudy -.02
Clear / .00
CloudyJ .00
Clear -,'¦¦ T.
PtCtdy.'.QS
CI«ar..' .00
Clear _;:12
Clear V .2*
Rain""- .10
Cloudy ,- .02
Cloudy' -.04
A U v I luli 5 A t/£v.
£?> 5^ £^
JUST ARRIVF.n. rarlcad *>f th# F1?»KST
WORK. CARRIAGE and DRIVING IJOKSF.3
tver brought to this mark*, wetgfcti fro"*
1160 to 1.100. all round ac<1 .troken. SANTA.
CLARA MILK CO.. 721-7^,1 Hcwani street.THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, JTHURSD AY, MARCH 27, 1902.
12
, SAW FRAKCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The Ban Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
.until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES — 527 Montgomery street,
conur Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
SCO Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
C39 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
815 Larkin etreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
1941 Mission etreet; open until 10 p. m.'.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth: open
until 9 p. m.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
1096 Valencia etreet: open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky street?; open until 9 p. m.
2200 Flllmore street: open until 9 p. m.
MEKTIXG NOTICES. j
k. SPECIAL meeting of Yerba : pi
Buena Charter No. 1, Rose I | .
Croix. A. and A. Scottish Rite of f^oTE]
Freemasonry, will be held in Com- *ef"™^
xnandery Hall, Masonic Temple. RJ
on THURSDAY EVENING. W I
March 27, 1U02, at 7:30 o'clock. PI
••Extinguishing Lights." • •—» .
HENKY BURNER. Secretary.
A STATED meetinir of Yerba Buena
Lodge of Perfection No. 1. A. and A. jg
Scottish Rite of Freemasonry, will be ¦ f\
held In Commandery Hall. Masonic /*&
Temple, on THURSDAY EVENING. CtST
March *.'7,»i;KE!. at 8 o'clock.
HENRY BURNER. Secretary.
MISSION Chapter No. 79. R. A. M.— ¦
Special meeting THIS (THURSDAT) ~#V_
EVENING. 7:;>0 oclock.^ P. M. and jZjF
M. E. M. degrees. By order of the * >
H. P. JNO. R. HILLMAN. Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. F. and A. m
M.. meet THIS (THURSDAY) EVEN-_JV_
ING. March 27. at 7:."5U o'clock. Third )Sj?
Degree. By order of the Master. fyr y
FRANKLIN— H. DAY. Secretary.
FIDELITY Lodge No. 120. F. and A. M. n
— Special meeting THIS (THURS- _#*
PAY) EVENING, at 7:.">0 o'clock.: }fV
Third Degree. Master Masons cor-'V>
dially invited. By order of the W. M.
FREDERICK BARRY. Secretary.
SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO Lodge No. m
212. F. • and A. M.. meets THIS
(THURSDAY) EVENING, at 7 :.">0 ifV
o'clock for Second Degree. By order *^r>
of the Master. E. C. HARE. Secretary.
DORIC Lodge No. 216. F. and A. M.— a
Special meeting THIS (THURSDAY)
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. First De- x5f
*ree. Masons are invited. By order /^r»
of the Master. J. R. GOLDSMITH. Sec.
YEUBA BUENA Lodge No 15. I.
O. O. F.— Mteting THURSDAY
EVENING, Match 27, 1002. -iV^S?
Election of representatives to the •*%(•»¦*"
Grand I>odre. Full attendance requested.
WILLIAM P. HUMPHREYS. N. G.
Pff. "Vi". CROSS. Recording Secretarj'.
XIDENTAL I.odire No 17fl T. n - --vr-r^"
O. F. — Klection of rf-presenta- "^f*~»3&.
tup? to the Grand Lodre THIS -?Sj££3?
(THURSDAY) EVENING. Mem- <r <W»^'
bers are requested to attend. Visitors In-
vited. H. A. DODGE. N. G.
E. S. WISWELL. Recording Secretan".
THE San Francisco Scottish Thistle «¦» »*_
Club meets THIS (THURSDAY) 3V, SlH
EVENING at Fraternity Hall H2 "VkY&f
OFanell gt., at 8 o'clock. Tickets
distributed for the "Tattle and Herrin" sup-
per and ball. Business of great importance,
tjmoker lollows. Strangers welcome
JOHX It McLN-JCIS. Royal Chief.
GEO. FULLERTON. Recorder.
MASTER Mariners' Benevolent Asso- fr~t^,_
elation— Special meeting will be held tiUTT^
at hall. 320 Post St.. FRIDAY, nr*!^
March 28. at 1 p. m. — All members »_-
are requested to be present for the purpose of
attending the funeral of our deceased brother.
CHRISTIAN THOMPSON. By order of the
president. L. TRAUNG. Rec Secy.
REV. DR. CARRADINE. the noted holiness
evangelist, will preach in this city from
March 23 to April 1, twice each day; on Sun-
cays at 2^30 p. m..' and every evening at
7 :30, at Metropolitan Hall, Fifth 6t.. near
Market; on week days at 10 a. m. at Peuiel
Mission Hall. 49 Third st. All are invited.
KOT1CE of Meeting of Stockholders — Office of
tbfe CBioa 'xrust Company of ban Francisco.
Ixuciber 2 Montgomery street, nortneast cor-
ner ut Montgomery and Post streets, ban
Krtncisco. cj.1.. Jan. 9, 1901' — Notice is
hereby given that pursuant to a resolution
of the board or directors of the Union Trutt
Company oi ban Francisco, a corporation
ad-Ji-ted on the «th day of January, .-lute*, at
& meeting oi tsaid board, duly held at the
oiiice oi nald company, in tne city and coun-
ty of San Francisco, State of Calitornia. a
niajority of the members vi eaid board being
pi i M.iH, a meeting oi the etockholuers or said
company will be held at the otnee and prin-
cipal place of business of said corporation, to
wit, 1 in the rear room on the ground floor of»
the .building on the northeast corner of Mont-
gomery and Post -streets, known as No. 2
Montgomery street. In the city and county of
£an Francisco, Mate of California, said
building being the building where the board
of directors or said corporation usually meet,
and said room being the room In said build-
ing: where the stockholders of said corpora-
tion usually meet, on THURSDAY, the 27th
day of March, 1902. at 3 o'clock .p. m., for
the object and purpose of thereupon cons. tid-
ing and voting upon a proposition to increase
the capital stock of said corporation from
fl.2S0.000 00 (divided Into 1250 shares of the
par value of $1000 00 each share) to *l,500.-
OOO O0 (divided into 1500 rhares of th- par
value of J 1000 00 each share). By order of
the board of directors.
UNION TRUST COMPANY OF SAN"
FRANCISCO.
(Seal) By I. W. HELLMAN JR.. Secretary.
ANNUAL MEETING — The annual meeting of
«h* f torkholder* of the Western Sutar Re-
fninsr Comoany will be held at the office ot
«h* company. 327 Market «t.. San Francisco.
•~al.. on Monday, the 31st day of March.
1902. at the hour of 12 m.. for the nurpo*e
-ot tJectlng a Board of Directors to serve for
the onFuing year, and the transaction of such
rther but-fnefs as may come before the meet-
Ing. Transier booke will close on FRIDAY.
March 21st. 1902. at 12 m.
W. H. HAN'N'JTHr' Secretary.
ENGROSSING. " : 7T~.
Resolutions, etc.. In first-class manner. J. W.
GRIFFITH. Heald's Pus. College. 24 Post.
CHEAPEST and bwt in America — The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any addpe^* In the
T'-MtM State* or Canada one year for SI.
>GEXCY WAXTt-D- ~~
IMPORTANT
TO MERCHANTS.
An energetic Arcerican business man, having
extensive experience In the Orient and Span-
ish countries, knowing Spanish language and
burl-ness methods. Is going to Manila to es-
tablish a commission-house; would accept
'. arency there of first-class business " bouse,
manufacturing cr commercial, or of a line
of goods. Address box 37S7. Call.
AQg-\TS~\VAXTEP.
ACENTS— *10 daily. Introducing our Brilliant
Gaslight Burners; families, business houses. '
banke. ohurcbes, private & public buildings
buy at eight; these burners are what the peo-
. pie are looking for; they do not require a
chimneyUo break)or wick to trim. & make no
emoke or dirt; flt any coal oil lamp without
expense or trouble. & produce best, cheapest
& cleanest light; It is a. {Treat money maker
for agents; 2C0 per cent profit; write at once
& get to work right away; nample free, jn-
terprise Mfg. Co.. B. 867. Cincinnati, Ohio.
AGENTS wanted — No experience required; any
Intelligent lady or gentleman can make from
*¦<> to $12 per day working for us; business
p!«-assnt and honorable; goo* territory for
huFtlers; law>-ert». ministers or teachem who
need addit-cna! Income wanted all over the
State. WELLS & SACXDERS. (30 Market.
NEW YORK Novelty Co. 'removed to WO Mar-
ket: agents wanted: good sellers; big money-
large profits; email Investments. , V
AGENTS — Do you want something more profit-
able and easier to eell than books or Insur-
ance? F. PERSON, room 412. Parrott bldg.
DEBITS open .for Industrial Insurance agents-
good field. Apply box 54. Stockton. Cal:
ASTROLOGY^ ~
HOROSCOPES cast: future predlctedTreadinei
by mall If desired. Raymond. 227 Taylor st.
ATTORNEYS AT l.xW7~
XI. W. KING. atty.. Examiner building, room
€13; a '. cares; damages, estates, will* mort-
K&ger, partnerships, attachments, collections,
etc.; legal papers drawn; . consultation free;
do advance charges; op«n eve's; call or write.
ADVICE free; divorces a specialty; quIckiquTet;
no charge without success; established 10 yrs
O. W. HOWE. 850 Market «t.,« cor. Stockton!
ADVICE free; open every evettfng; low fees;
all cw>s. 3. M. THURSTON. 819 Market St.
L. 6. CLARK. Emma Spreckels b\Ag.. J»27 Mar-
ket et.; consultation free; no fees In advance.
UICVCL.ES— For Sale or Hxchance.
ALLEN is selling Eureka bicycles fast; swell-
ert thing out; agency Columbta,Monarch,oth-
ers; repairing, bells, pumps. 301 Larkln Bt.
BIRDS. DOGS. ETC/
WARBLING canaries - and all kinds of eong,
¦talking end fancy -birds; gold fish,. pet stock
.cages, globes, aquariums; ¦ bird and animal
food of all kinds. 1546 Market st..bet.Sth&9th.
BOARDING SCHOOL, WAffTBpT
GERMAN lady wishes 1 or 2 "children to board;
' ,45-inny yard.. 439 Minna rt. . ;
; BOOKS — JEW AND OLD.
BOOKS of all kinds bought libraries purchased.
H. C. HoltneB. 1143 ilarket; tel. Howard l»i«.
'-- : - /: - \ _ FIjA ' r ** TO *-t<-BT. 5 , ¦
FURNISHED or unfurnished; beautiful new 6-
" room flat ; all rooms with bay windows open-
Ing on park; sun all day; 10 minutes to City
,¦ Hall on • Halght-st. cars. . 47 Portola st.; cor-
. ner ; Duboce ¦ Park, first corner 'west from
:-- ' Stelner and .Waller sts. . _
UPPER and lower * flats. 30 J Mint ave. : rent
cheap ; sunny. MADISON : & BURKE. 30
Montgomery st. . " ". .
A — ELEGANT; brand new; 6 rooms, bath, so-
¦ clal halls; .755 to 769 Sixth . ave..' nr. Fulton.
ELEGANT ! modern corner ' flat, 8 large sunny
: rooms and . attic. ' 1002 Page st. - — >
NICE cosy flat of • 4 rooms ; ¦. stationary wash-
tubs and bath; $13. 1181 A Howard st.
SUNNY upper flat 3 rooms, newly papered, $10;
. C53 Jessie St., above Seventh. •¦•: .¦ . , ' .
CASTRO. 638— Elegant modern sunny top flat,
attic. 8 large rooms; bath; nearly. new; $30.
FLATS TU-'tuKT — t'UH.MSHEU.
COMPLETELY furnished flat of 7 rooms;
- piano. 1530 Grove st. ; call bet. 4 and 5 p. m.,
UPPER flat; 4 rms. bath, gas range. $25; lower
flat. 2 rms.. $12 50-^1 to 4. 1517 Golden Gate.
FLATS POlt SALE— FURMSHED.
FURNISHED flat of 7 rooms for sale;. no deal-
era. - Inquire, after 11 a. m.. 413 ; EI11b Et.
PACIFIC Underwriting & / 5 1 rust Co (Inc.)— We
have 42 offices in operation; new method of
placing: stocks and bonds; companies Incor-
porated; stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
__or_addres3 main office. C07-8-9 Parrott bldg.
COMPANIES Incorporated and financed; stocks
and bonds sold; good projects wanted ;lnves-
. tigate our underwriting guarantee plan; write
us. Pac. States Mining & Invest. Co.. 326 Post
yUHMTURE FOR SALK.
4 ROOMS furnfshedin oak, $48 60 with No 7
v range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE ' for sale; eight-room flat; top
floor. 475 Fourth st. ¦ : ¦ -
". V; FURNITURE ; WANTED. .
BIG price paid for furniture for 60 days; special
r reasons. WAUGH r. 415. Examiner bldg.
A. WOLLPERT. 773\ Mission St.. pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
GLOVES. : ~
D. & F. BLACK suede gloTeT^esTlii'thTworid;
j- warranted; kept in repair. 121 Grant ave.
-. ' HEL.1* \VAATKD— FK^iALiC. .
AT C. H. HAN S J^N 6^ CO.' 8. .PhCne Grant Is5
........'. hOi ii^. A^Lx-Axvl Mtii x". .-.....;..
• 10 extra w«t«ueb»es. o ua>»' worn *.£ a aay
O dajd' worn *i ,.w a day and nee lare, tu>n
° ;. tVeuuesday. murnuijf
i 6J Wrtiircooeo. tiiy aim cuuiiuy $Zt>-*<jO
\v aurctss, H. K. eatiiig-huuse . . .'. *2o
.Yvaiti'too, lioicery
" Cnambei inuius • io wait ;*zu
Cook, ii people, retjut-t."' lare paid, see party
here
- \i cnamberniulda, same country hotei. lure
advanced „-. ..j-jju
2\j waitresses, springs and resorts... ..$2U-;>-5
.....;... FAMlLlf UEFAKrMENT
Any woman or girl looking lor- a position in
this department, cooks, nouseglrls, second
- girls, nurses, $10-$<>u, can secure a position
by applying to C. .K. HANSEN & CO.. 104
: Uearv ut. - ¦
A HEAD waitress, $.'1D-$4O; a hotel house-
keeper, $35, and a crew of waitresses, $25.
C. Jtl. HANdEJN & CO., 10* Gearyst.. (Win
remove March 31 to 42U Bush st., 'opposite
California Hotel.) .^ -
A COLORED man ' and wife for general work
-: on a farm; see party here .' '. .$4u
C. R. . HANSEN & CO 104 G^ary st.
A GERMAN or Swedish cook for middle-aged
couple, country; afterward to take charge
of place during their absence; $25; see party
here. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 101 Geary st.
(Will remove March 31 to 42« Bush St.. op-
posite California Hotel.)
MRS. M. E: DAY & CO..:. .Phone Main 1575
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
2 waitresses, same hotel, $25, fares paid;
waitress, commercial hotel, $22 50, tare paid;
' 18 waitresses, different . city and ; , country
' hotels. $20 and $25; 2 restaurant waitresses.
$7 week; chambermaid- to- wait, resort. $20.
fare paid: chambermaid to wait, country, $20.
fare paid ......:
......... FAMILY DEPARTMENT ........
Cook and nurseglrl. small American family,
$50; cook. San Rafael, $35; houseglrl, 2 In
family," Ross Valley. $30. see lady he-v»:
houseglrls, Yosemlte Valley, $25. Tree far* j
both ways. 2 o'clock; 2 second girls.' $25-$2O;
many choice places, city; young girl to an-
swer doorbell and ' telephone. 8 to 5 o'clock.
sleen home. $10.'
MRS. M. E. DAY &CO 335 Geary st.
WANTED— 2 cooks, little wash. $30; 4 second
girls. $20-$25: Swedish second girl. Belvedere,
.-see lady at 11 o'clock. o f flee. $25: nurses-lrl,
¦ rhlld 4 yearn old. $25: lady's maid. $25: par-
lor maid, $25: 6 waitresses, restaurant. $7-
SR week:' 8 chambermaids, assist waitinsr.
$20: restaurant cook." $30;tcook, small h«»t<»l.
country. $35; waltrerses 'to-trn pouth. $25;
man and wife, small rnnch. $35: -00 girls for
all kinds of ho*.*s»work. cltv and co'int-y.
Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 331 Sutter.
PROTESTANT chambermaid & seamstress..$2."
» Swedish or German cook ..' W5
Second girl, country $25
Girls for housework ¦» .*25-*so
Waitress ard parlor mild .\$25-$30
LEON ANDRE. 310 Stockton st.
FROM this date on and until further notice we
will Instruct Inexperienced 'hands the trade
. of making overalls , free of charsre: will b<?
raid while learning.. LEVI STRATTSS *.
CO.. 32% Fremont st. Apply to MR. DAVIS, i
WANTED — Respectable. neat Protestant
woman for housework and good plain cook-
ing; kind to children; good home In country;
state wages desired. Address GEO. OSMER.
Alma. Cal. .-•'-- ¦ •-- ; '
WANTED — Girl, experienced bushelman's ,
helper. S. N. WOOD & CO., corner Eddy
and Powell sts.
WANTED-^-Experlenced ftnl'shers on custom
pants; none other ne«-d apply; steady job for
right party. 3S0 Fifth St. *- , - » - .
A COMPETENT girl for housework and cook-
ing for couple: apply. Thursday morning. 3021
Washington st. ¦ . . ; - ' ¦ • ¦ ' : ¦ ' ".
LADY of Indomitable energy, possessed of self- ;
¦ assertion: good opportunity for right partjiir-.
F. PERSON.' room 412. , Parrott building.
WANTED — Experienced saleslady.- . Apply ..be-
tween'8 and lira. m. at HALE BROS.' .-
APPRENTICES to /learn" tailoring. - BELASCO
& HARRIS CO., 641 Market st. '
YOUNG I girl to assist In caring for Infant; good
home; $10;. references. Call 3233 Pacific ave.
WANTED — A' lady to do sewing In a iodglng-
house. Apply 715 Howard st. -' :~ v
WANTED— At once. good, tailoress. LOUIS
" LINDSTROM, 1170 Market St.. fourth, floor.
WANTED — Cap finlphers; also ' operators. H.
¦ BLOOM. 410 Kearny ft., room/8. •-••'.'
COMPOSITOR — Experienced young lady. RUS-
SELL" CO.;, r>30 Commercial st."- . -
WANTED — Flrst-claen saleslady for cloak and
suit house; steady place. : Box 4423, Call. ,
YOUNG girl to asslst'llght housework. Inquire
¦ ' 1' Broderlck st./ cor. Waller, from 9-12 a.m.
GIRL - for . cooking . and * housework ; , $25. . 247
v.Devlsadero st. • • . >
GIRL for . : light .housework; - sleep ' home. 405
-. Sutter st... downstairs; . ' „ .
WANTED — Experienced skirt ' hands and er-
, rand girl. 116 Stockton 6t.. rooms E and F.
GIRL' for candy store. : 4SS Hatght st. * .".
iGIRL'for cooklnK nnd light housework;. wages
1 $20. : Apply, 1810 .Webster st. ¦ . .
WANTED— 3- girls to learn halrdresslng, maa-
sase, " manicure.' switch.- wig making.. In 2
. wks. ;, take charge, of private customers: as-
sured $50 pec mo. ; course $5; day. eve. class:
, brlns ad ;worth $1. . College.2a3 Geary, r.13-15.'
GIRLS bet." 15 and ,18 to sew ' on buttons and
•- make - themselves generally useful/ 050 Mia- 1
'. sion st.,; third floor. - ;.•¦¦"
WANTED— By i retail : dry ¦ goods . €tore. compe-
. tent', assistant lady, bookkeeper;. .only those
with best of references need apply. Box 43C3,-\
-¦'Call.-'. '-. " ;.-'.- -.'.-..:*-¦', ¦¦¦:.¦ -----
BOOKKEEPER and stenographer: experienced,
• quick and accurate;: give j particulars "and ref-
> .erences. ' Box 7, Newcastle, ¦ Cal. ";,
.WANTED-^Sleeve • makers 'and finishers.- SOL-'
, LEY. ;1037\Po«t et. ' , ' ' . ¦¦-¦ . ..y
A H HIGH-GRADE ' pcsltlon -for .. a . cultured
-'¦ woman. ¦': Box 4530, Call. ' ¦ ..".*..;.'
A 'NEAT,' willing, young, girl 'to assist with
¦ .housework : In family of 3. v 217 Third ave. ;
TYPEWRITING taught. $3 full course; short-
: '.hand speed; class. $2 mo. 027 Market,^r/SOS. 1
YOUNGitrlrl to. assist . In housework.' 2121
. ' Green > st. : call ; before 12. ,?T -dtSCSSUESSQMSM
SLEEVE flnl3hers wanted. ¦ COX. 1514 Pine St.
.WAIST finishers wanted: ; COX. 1514 Pine St.
: WANTED-^-Chamb«rtnatd at ¦ the Manhattan
" * House. .' 825 r Battery ¦ St. ' '¦ " ' i ¦
OPERATORS ; on " ladles' ¦ ties ; good pay. ¦ . 656
:. ,-650 'Mission ;st.,' ; 3rd i floor. • . -
50 GIRLS'to learn "to* sew.- V 656 Mission St.,
". 3rd " floor. ... /. ¦ " ¦ \
100 WOMEN : to, take i waists, home to make.
' 636 MUsion St.. 3rd , floor.- . "
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 104 Gftary rt.
WANTED
500 teamsters for Nevada $2 a day
500 laborers for Nevada *2 a day.
100 rockmen for Nevada.. $2 day and increase
20 stonemasons for Nevada. ..... $> a day
6t> masons' helpers for Nevada $2 a day
3 blacksmiths for Nevada *Z a day
Ship night -and morning
Free fare Free fare........ Free fara
100 tunnelmen $2, $2 50 and $3 a day
For Chatsworth Park.. BI S tunnel
Ship daily... Free rare
~50 laborers for the coast road..$l 73 per day
Free fare ..Ship to-day.. .Free fare
. 2 ranch teamsters $1 per day. fare 70c
, Blacksmith, country shop.... *3 a day
French or German valet for a gentleman....
$*£V and found
All-around laundryman. country.. $40 and fd
.» '. . HOTEL DEPARTMENT j
Baker and pastry cook, railroad eating house.
Arizona, $60, free fare; second cooks, broilers
and fryers. $40 to $C0; butcher, country shop.
$30; lroner. hotel laundry. $35 and found: 2Q
kitchen bands, dishwashers and others, $20
to $30.
C. R. HANSEN & CO .....104 Geary st.
WILL remove March 31 to 429 Bush St., oppo-
site California Hotel. C. R. HANSEN &
. CO.. 104 Geary st. __^__
BARBERS — Short hour shop for sale. Box
4420. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS ¦ coatmaker to work Inside by
-the week. , ROSENBLUM & ABRAHAM.
llOg Market street.
WANTED— Office boy for architect's office;
. state age and references In own handwrit-
ing. Address box 4312. Call.
| PENSION aty., E. A. Bullla. R» 40. Phelan
big. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G.A.R.
1 SHIPPED free every day — Four-horse scraper
men and rock men wanted for railroad con-
tract. Wadsworth, Nev. ; wages. $2 per day ;
i •board. $5 25 per week; $2 deposit required;
company will refund same after 26 days. E.
B. & A. L. STONE CO., 000 Broadway. Oak-
land. Cal.
BOSS BARBERS, ATTENTION^
The Central Linen Supply Company will t>«
In operation by April 1; towels and hair-
cloths supplied or laundered. For terms an<l
particulars phone Mission 106; laundry and
offlc* Eighteenth and Shotwell sts.
WANTED — Recruits for tne marina corns. U.
S. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than 5 feet 4 Inches and not over 6 feet ;
inch; able to speak and read English. For
further Information apply at the Kecrultln*
Office, 40 Ellis St.. San Francisco.
MEN to learn barber trade: barber* In de-
mand; only requires 8 weeks; tools donated;
catalogue free. MOLER'3 BARBER COIj-
LEGE. 635 Clay st. ,
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolktn. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. : 150 laxza
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED— Men to learn barber trade; elxht
weeks; tools donated .-.situation guaranteed;
catalogue mailed free; discount this month.
Gordon's Barber College. Los Angeles. Cal.
WANTED-A boy about 16 for wholesale boos*.
Address box 4525. Call office.
LADIES' tailors; steady. Address HOSNIO.
S10 Post st.
THREE agents, $10 per week and commission.
826 Sixteenth st.. Oakland.
COATMAKER and pants and vest maker for
the country. Apply REISS BROS/. 24 Butter.
FOR good reliable men call at 467 Tenth st.,
' Oakland, Carpenters' Labor Bureau.
WANTED — SO men to take lodging in Cam-
bridge House. 543 Howard; changed hands.
EXTRA pay now due U. S. Volunteers. Call
or write Sherwood, pension atty.. 624 Market.
600 MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army shoes.
50c up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard st. nr. 5th.
YOUNG men to learn barber trade: catalogue
mailed. S. F. Barber College. 741A Howard.
PENSION atty.. E. A. Bullis. 3. 40. Phelan
big. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G. A. -L
' SAILORS, ordinary, for shlpa tor all carts of
the world". HERMAN'S. 26 Stenart st.
GET your shoes balf-soted while -waiting; 23a
to 50c. 863 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar -
' ket — 200 rooms. -25c night: . reading -roonu:
free 'bus and baggage to and from, ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been . established at 10JU
Valencia »t.
_ HOnSES~~A.VP~ WAGOy sT ~
'"'":..' i: -.V-v:: -" '¦-"''¦' wAxr.'-'r-' -"/¦-• — ¦ ¦- •".. ¦¦ -Z~
JUST arrived, 25 head of large draught horses
for sale, weighing from 1300 to 1700; also
some bred driving horses; also 1 young Nor-
mon stallion; will be at Sullivan's hay barn
on Mlf sion, above Cortland ave., Sunday.
March 30. - ¦-• *'
A LOT of horses for sale at Arcade Hor^
Market. 327 Sixth St.; also buggies, wagon*.
harness, etc.; auction sales every Wednesday
at 11 a. m. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer. '
CONSTANTLY on hand and for sale or trade,
well broken carriage, wagon, work and driv-
ing horses of all srades. 8 i zea ant i style.
Santa Clara Milk Co.. 721-723 Howard st.
VERY stylish: road teams for sale or exchange
for fast roadster; well broke; good travelers.
Box 4310. Call office. . ¦
SANTA ROSA salesyard — Horses, harness and
buggies bought tnd f '¦'¦£, sew stock always
on hand. 1499 Market St.. corner Eleventh.
SAN Francisco Veterttiary College. Fourth ses-
sion begins June 9. Catalogues by applying to
M. L. PANCOAST. Sec. S10 Golden Gate ave.
WANTED — Gentle horse for business buggy ; $.S0
to $100. WITZEL & BAKER, 314 Battery st.
A NEWBY top wagon, suit bakery, laundry or
butcher. Call 319 Third st.. In paint shop.
Largest stock 2d-hand wagons, buckboard. «ur-\
rey.harness.work.driving horses. ISth&Valencia
¦ i — — «^_____
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, names*.
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single: also light
campintr wagon for sale cheap. B32 Mission.
HOCSES TC> LET.
A — PRINTED list houses to let; send for cir-
cular. O. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
A NEW 80- room house to lease; marine view;
sunny corner. Particulars at room IS, 918
Markef st. ,
A NICE new family hotel to lease: best part
of city; sunny side of street. - Particulars 913
Market St., room IS.
HOUSES TO LET — FURNISHED.
NICE furnished house In Western Addition. S
rooms, for the summer to desirable tenant.
Apply to C. S. CAPP & CO.", real estate
agents. 630 Market st. _^
SUNNY, nicely furnished 8-room cottage;
piano. 1475 Sacramento, near Hyde street;
cars handy. '»¦
HOUSES VOH SALK.
NSW house. 7 rooms; sun all day: fine resi-
dence district; -Portola st.. off 'Waller, bet.
Pierce and Stelner. GEO. MOORS. 63 Portola.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST — A breastpin, with 2 pictures of ladles;
one was in low cut dress and the other with
a bonnet; reward. 812 Bush st.
LOST — Pair of gold spectacles. 212 Grove at.*
reward.
LOST— Collie with taff. Return to 814 Valen-
. cla st.; reward
LOST — A pjlssbook with the Hibemia Savings .
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in th» '
names of Charles It. Morrell and Frances '
M. Morrell; No. 256-428. The finder will
please return to bank.
?1SO REWARD— Lost, not stolen, March 19.'
diamond brooch; route, from, Beaver and
Castro sts. to Fourteenth and Market. Castro
car, transferring to Powell. 1S45 Polk st.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the Callfor-
, nla Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter st.. needs old
gold and silver to make new watch cases.
MEDICAL. ._ . '
A — DR. O'DONNELL. world-renowned special-
let. — Ladles, all who are sick or In trouble.
consult the specialist on female complaints;
menstrual female complaints positively cor-
rected; the unfortunate helped; relief In all
cases taken; the most difficult cases treated;
.have relieved thousands of most obstlnato
cases; free, confidential Advice on all subject.*
of a dallcate nature. DR. O. -W. O'DON»
NELL, office & resilience. 1018 Mkt.. op. 5th.
MRS. D. WYETH — Reliable . ladles' specialist:
• 30 years' experience: Instant relief guaran-
teed; home before and during confinement;
Infants adopted. 410 O'Farreli. near Taylor
MRS. KOHL, specialist, 410 O'Farreli st.
LADIES, consult the original MP.S DAVIK3
at the old office. 122S Market st.; 30 years'
experience In obstetric and other cases.
MRS. D. GOODWIN, ladies' physician- 23
years, successful experience In S. F. Ma-
tern'ty Home. 00C Market st., op. 4th; fee low.
MRS. D- ALLEN 1113 Market-Rehable ladles'
r^n^i : •¦r iv » t *'honie before and during
confinement;. best medical care; low fees.
™iSS22 H ?^ B and MRS. DA VIES' original
method of treatment: maternity home: home
In confinement. Market at.. S. F.
- clallst. lOOTH Market; avoid delay; $10.
D r nE^ TOT KEE ' 21 ° Stockton st.. opposlt*
Union sauare; all diseases cured tor iMrtaL
BUSINESS CHANCES. "
A^$750* and bar on Ninth : 6t. ;
established years; good paying business. Call
R, G. WILKE. 26% Kearny Bt.
X $550; RESTAURANT on Third St.. close to
Market; rent $50; place clearing $150/ per
month.' Call.R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearfly st.
X $300- SALOON with 9 turn, rooms, kitchen,
etc.; rent $25; great bargain; must be sold at
once. Call R. G. WILKE, 2C% Kearny st. :
X— $C0- RESTAURANT and chop house on ,5tu
St.* must be sold to-day; owner has to leave
city at once. Call R. G. WILKE. 20% Kearny.
$1500— ROAD house with grillroom ; [ choice lo-
cation across the bay; rent $50, including 4
furnished rooms; a first-class paying propo-
sition.- Particulars R. G. WILKE, 26%
Kearny st. -. -*'r ;•_. •-.--,¦ -
$500 — PARTNER wanted In a corner, liquor
etore on G«ary st.; rent $35; rare chance for
a good man. Call R. G. WILKE. 26%
: Kearny - st. ¦ ¦ ¦ ..-.-¦ ¦ . '
$2500— CORNER grocery and bar; kept by pres-
ent owner 17 years; a' flrst-class located and
paying business; good and responsible man
will find a rare chance. Call R. G. WILKE.
20% Kearny st. : . m " -.'¦"¦ : -
A— $300; RESTAURANT and chop house; rent
$20; good place; 1 block south of Market st.
Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $1400; SALOON, vicinity of Market and
4th sts.; net rent $40; good paying business;
estab. years.. R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A — $2500; CHOP and ovster house, near Chron-
icle; lease; place clearing above $250. per
month; death in family cause of sale. " See
R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
WE have for sale rights for the States of Cal-
ifornia. Oregon and Washington for the best
locked-wire fence device ever patented. The
owner of the patent is a practical ranch man
who has 200 miles of barbwlre fence in the
Panhandle, and who Is now going over the
entire fence system of his ranch, putting in
the stays with this locked-fence device. The
device has taken like wildfire In the Eastern
States. . The State of Iowa alone sold .for
$10,000. We have samples of the device at
our office, where it can be seen. The prin-
cipal advantaue of this fence device is that
it makes a fence that is almost indestruct-
ible; no power can move the stays when put
on with our patent fastener and patent
wrench. If this device were adopted in Cali-
fornia it certainly Would revolutionize fenc-
ing. The fence is cattle-proof, and by put-
ting In enough stays you can fence against
the smallest animals. The device can be used
on ornamental fences' or for office wire work.
"* The wrench and clips and possibly some
models of the fence can be seen at the City
Wire Works, on Main St., between Seventh
and Eighth. Mr. Blescar, the proprietor,
will be glad to explain Its use. MINING IN-
VESTMENT AND BROKERAGE CO., 345
Eyrne bide. city.
BARBERS, attention — $300 will buy nice bar-
ber shop with 4 elegantly furnished rooms,
kitchen, parlor; line yard ; healthy location
In the city; rent only $15 month, with lease:
clears $25 per week; present owner S years ;
there; come quick: don't miss this oppor-
tunity. P. S. DE LUCA. 318 Kearny, room 1.
NOTICE to sellers — We have cash buyers for all
kinds of business that will stand investlga-
' tlon. P. S. de Laca & Co.. 318 Kearny. r. 1.
NOTICE to buyers — It will pay you Xo call on
us before buying elsewhere. P. S. DE LUCA
& CO., 318 Kearny St.. room 1. .^
$C50 — PARTNER in an old established car-
penter shop to attend cash and collect; owner
Is both a mechanic and a contractor; $150 to
$200 mo. each guaranteed; positively a bar-
pain to suitable party. For full particulars
call or address P. S. DE LUCCA, 31S Kearny
Et,, room 1. .
WANTED— Honest, sober. Intelligent, well-ed-
ucated gentleman with $300 cash as partner
In profitable office, business; must' be of .good
address; large pr6flts; positively a good prop-
osition to suitable part}'. 318 Kearny tt., r. 1.
JOSEPH STRAUB, ~
650 Market St., corner Stockton.
Telephone Grant 177.
Real Estate Agent.
Property Bought and Sold.
Rents Collected. /v -
Loans Negotiated.
Legitimate Business
Agent.
A— Branch bakery, grocery and notions In Oak-
land; 4 rooms completely finished; chickens,
etc.; good location; price $500.
A — Grocery and bar; corner on Geary St.: fresh
and selected stock; 5 years' lease; 4 living
Oxjoms; rent $18; price $600.
A— Saloon, near Third and Market Bts.; good
paying' place; price $S00.
A — SPECIAL; $8000 clothing, gents' fur. shoe
store Invoice; old established; top. location;,
best town this State; long lease: would con-
sider partnership. Hedges. 461 Parrott bldg.
A — CIGAR stands.. Cigar stands. .Cigar 'stands
30 busy, money-making stands, $75 to $2000.
I sell choice, well located stands only.
HEDGES. 461-4G2 Parrott bldg.. 825 Market
A — BEAUTIFUL bazaar, positively netting
$200 monthly; long established: choicest loca-
tion city; owner retiring; opportunity to pur-
chaEe safe, pleasant business at low figure.
HEDGES. 4bl Parrott bldg.
A— SALOON; '.located on busy Kearny-st. cor-
• ner; swell place; good lease;" never before of-
fered for sale: can be bought risht; will
st.-.nd closest Investigation. Ask HEDGES.
4C1 Parrott bids. ... . '
A — CORNER dear store in fteart of town: this
Is a bargain; $200. ROHLFS CO.. 11 Third.
A— PARTNER wanted, with $400, In a well- 1
established business that will pay him from !
$150 to $200 a month. Rohlfs Co.. 41 Third.
A — SALOON on Third St.. close to Market: 2
years' lease; fine fixtures; $1000 stock; good
reason Felling; $2750. Rohifs Co.. 41 Third.
A — BAKERY and delicatessen in Western Ad-
dition; 4 living rooms; rent 515; clearing $125
month; bargain; $450. Rohlfs Co., 41 Thlnl.
A — PARTNER In boxwood.' business; well es-
tablished: 4 wagons: 5- horses: 3 men em-
ployed; bargain: $.;25. Rohlfs Co.. 41 Third.'
A — $."0; HOME cooking and flrst-clasf restau-
rant; bert in city. Room 10, 1049A Market st.
A — $500; OYSTER and chophouse; best In city;
north of Market. Room 16, 1040A Market st.
A — $11CO; BEST fruit and liquor store in city.
Call at room 16, 1040A Market et.
A — CANDY and ice cream parlors; cost $1400;
will sell for half. Room 10. 1049A Market St.
GENTLEMAN or lady who can reach people
with money to invest- In a company owning
a mountain of- low-grade gold-bearing ore
superior to Treadwell mine of Alaska; divi-
dends will run lifetime beginning 3 months
alter mill starts. If you wish to represent
or - invest In a paying proposition address
room 412. Parrott bldg.. San Francisco. Cal.
A — IF you want to sell your store,' saloon, coal
yard, routes of any kind or any other legiti-
mate business or want a partner In any fair-
paying business see K. KENNY. 75 Third st.
Cash customers waiting; established' 1S0S.
TIMEER wanted — A tract of saw timber want-
fd. . situated so as to have a home market;
will pay stumpage or saw by contract. Ad-
dress" box 4484, Call of flee. .
A — $200; PARTNER wanted; good chance for
steady man satisfied with $18 to $20 a week.
410 Kearny st.. room 36. -
A — FINE saloon; pays well and cheap rent;
> must sell on account of going East. Ad- '
dress box 4534, Call office.
RESTAURANT and oyster house, cor. Sutter &
Devlsadero; rent $40 ', living rooms; selling on
account of sickness. Box 4545, Call office.
RESTAURANT and lunch rooms; well located;
fine fixtures and flrst-class In every wayi for
sale. Apply 1428 Market St. : ¦ : \-
SHOULD you wish to sell your business or de-
sire to Invest see SPAULDING. 1)10 Market
st.. room 07. for quick and profitable results.
IF you have -money to Invest let THE IN-
VESTORS'. AGENCY. 137 Montgomery at.,
S. F.. know It. Call or write for particulars!
FOR sat«— Branch bakery, I dairy produce, etc. :
1209 Devieadero St.; must be sold on account
of leaving city. : . • •
A— SALOON must be sold this week. Call at
Albany > Brewery, between 10 and 12 a.' m;
A — $125 BUYS $250 cigar stand; best location;
fine business. Call at 245 Third St. . '
BUSINESS for sale that clears $5 dally; price
$50. Box 4428, CaH'offlce. •
FIRST-CLASS city route on evening paper for
eale; party going East. Box 4082. Call.
BARGAIN — $250; branch bakery, notions,-
candy, etc.. North .Beach; .present owner. 6
years, ettab. 12 years; other business causo
of selling: receipts '$10 da*lly; positively no
v agents. Box . 4521,' Call.
FOR sale — Grocery and. fruit store in. thrifty
town 10.000 Inhabitants : with . monthly pay
roll of $120,000; stock, fixtures, wagons; etc.,
will Invoice $1700: good reasons for selling-.
Address Grocery. , box 165. Vallejo." Cal. •*
DELICATESSEN; established several years;
¦clearing $200, a month; low rent; owner re-
tiring from business; will sell for. $1100. Box
4023, Call office. ' .
BAKERY and confectionery; one ".bbl per "day,
In good location, western- part of city. Box
. 4S33. Call. ¦
FOR rent— Central brick meat market. Apply
to O.'M. DODGE, at San Rafael.
GROCERY and bar for sale. Apply 1122 Har-
ripon st.
OUTSIDE ¦ paper, route for sale on this paver.
' Box 4307. Call.
FOR Sale — Established millinery ' store; slck-
neBS. Box. 4306, Call. -
FOR Bale-^-$1200; a good general merchandise
•- store. Box 4363. Call office. *
RESTAURANT ..? for sale \ cheap: have : to eell
to-day; owner leaving. ' 325 Grant ave.'
¦^ HELP WA\TED-^FEWAI.E Cow.
GERMAN or Swedish girl wanted for general
; housework; must come recommended; wag»s
'¦'. $25. rCall at 223 E. 14th st. Oakland.
FIRST-CLASS alteration hands on skirts and
waists. ARMAND CAILLEAU, Inc.. 114
Kearny st. .- ; ¦
EXPERIENCED operators on silk and cotton
waists; good pay. 656 Mission St^ 3rd
floor. '._ , . ""
EXPERIENCED operators on shirts; inexperi-
enced • paid while learning. HE^ NEMANN
6 CO... 9 Hill St.. bet. 21st and 22d. *.
EXPERIENCED operators on overalls: inex-
perienced paid while laarnlng. HEYNE-
MANN & CO.. 9 Hill St.. bet. 21st and 22^.
WANTED— Housekeeper: must have .excep-
tionally good references as to morality. love
of children and housekeeping. Box 4248. Call.
At PaciflcHairdressingCollege.Murphy bld.,r.»l;
halrdresslng.massage.manicurine.wigs.switcD.
etc.;courae.$5;2 wks;posltion secured;day;eve.
HAND sewers and machine sewers wanted at
BUSBY'S. 207 and 209 Sacramento St.
FINISHERS on custom pants. SELIG BROS.,
108 Battery at. . • -'
ACTRESS wants talented young lady . as a
team to travel for stage. P. S.. Call. «iOg 11th.
FIRST-CLASS waist and skirt hands and ma-
chine operator. Apply 1200 Geary ft. -. r ..-
"WANTED — Neat girl for light housework;
sleep home. 1719 Larkln st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office ff or^Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been ' established at 1090
Valencia st. ' ¦ - :
HEL1» WASTKO— MALE. -\
A— MURRAY & READY Phone Main 5S48
..Leading Employment and .Labor Agents..
Office Open 7 a. Sn....
We Ship Men Daily
North...... South and East
Nevada — Free Fare I
Car load laborers Free fare
. . Car load laborers '. Free fare
150 rockmen, Nevada .....". Free fare
50 men extra. gang Nevada
SO drillers Nevada Free fare
I Free Fare ; .... Free ' '. . Ship Dally
. .'„-..' Wages $2 to $3 50 day
MISCELLANEOUS ....T...
7 blacksmiths,- camp3, shops and ranches, $40 .
' and found to $7S ......'.. '
2 blacksmith helpers ..$175 a day
1 2 carpenters, country, long Job...:.. $3 day
1C laborers, near city ..$2.d»y
3 muckers, mine $00
15 ranch hands $26 and $30
5 orchard and vineyard i hands. $26; hostler;
3 stablemen, $30 and $40 and found; gar- j
dener_$30; -5 milkers, dairyman; 150 -wood
choppers and tie makers ,i
CHEAP FARES. BIG WAGES
.BAKERS, BUTCHERS. ETC...
Foreman baker, city shop; second baker, $35
and found; butcher, country shop, $40 and
found : porter saloon, $25 to $30 ;
15 cooks, $35 to $60; laundryman. $15 week:
9 waiters, country; cook and wife, small
camp, $43 and found. MURRAY & READY.
634-63Q Clay st. ¦
AT W. D. EWER & CO.'S. 610 Clay St.
Free fare Railroad work Nevada
50 drillers • ..$2 25 a day |
50 teamsters $2 a day i
50 slopers W» day
50 laborers.:. ?2 a day
* C.'V". ...For Sawmill Company — North.......
10 laborers $26 and board
10 woedsxnen .$45 and board
2 ranch handa for vineyard. $10 !
2 farmers, Sonoma County $25
Coachman, near city $30
Fanner and wife, see boss here .»40
Choreman and wife ' $40
4 milkers, country $30
Hotel porter, handy with tools $25
Experienced wine cellar man
Coal miner v $2 75 a day
Cook, passenger boat ...'. $45
AT THE CALIFORNIA EMP. AGENCY,
59 Third St.. near Call bldg.: phone Bush 405.
RAILROAD MEN.
RAILROAD MEN.
STATE OF NEVADA.
FREE FARE.. SHIP MORN AND NIGHT.
50 Teamsters
\ 15 Rock Men
50 Laborers
25 Drillers
All the above for Nevada FREE FARE
,^HIP DAILY
WAGES I. ..$2 to $2 50 a day
. '. . .-. -...'":: LUMBERMEN
Head sawyer, band mill. $4 50 per day
Head setter: $55 per month and board
Head trimmer.: .$45 per month and board
2 men to plow orchard, steady. .$2« per month
Porter for dining-room, city $30 per month
MAN and wife, small- place. $35; carriage
smiths . and helper; washer. - and polisher.
; country, $15 week;, 4 and 0 horae ranch team-
sters. $30 and found; 3 milkers, $30 . and
found; -2 coal miners. $2 50 to $2 75 day;
choreman for ranch. $20 and found; vegeta-
> ble gardener. $30 and found; Jobbing gar-
dener. $1 25 day and board, and others. J.
F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento St.
LARGE number 'of men xoi; railroad work. ?2
- to $2 25 day; 6 laborers, short distance, $2 :
day; 20.woodchoppers. 8Cc to $1 50 cord; 10 j
lumber pliers, $2 day, and others.' J. F.
CROSETT & CO., «2S Sacramento st. '
TWO cooks. $40: broiler. $35 to $40; restaurant
waiter. $7 week; restaurant porter. $30; but}-
-ler. $5O.-and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO..
628 Sacramento ST-
ANDEE'S Office, 316 Stockton st. — Cook, chop
house. $10 a week; cook small restaurant, $12
a week; 2 second cooks for short orders. v?S3;
second cook. $60; gardener. $30; second but-
ler, .$10; German or French butler, $40; sil— {
verman, $25, etc. ¦ •
A — HOTEL GAZETTE, 2« Montgomery, rm. 12.
Walter, country hotel, $30; second cook, coun-
try hotel, ?C0. .
BARBER; union man; must be clever; no cpl-
lege- taught workman; good wages; for 4
days. 1506 Kentucky st , Potrero.
WANTED — CHAS. and-WM. B. KING'S. pen-
sion clients who called at 030 Market st.
last August In response to the following ad-
vertisement*. "Wanted — All discharged sol-
diers that filed pension claims with KING &
KING to call at 630 Market et.: business of
-Importance." to now call at room 344, Phelao
building. Very important.
WANTED — Reliable, active boy, about 14 or
15 years of age.' -with wholesale house: good
place for one who will take Interest In his
work. EASTMAN Kodak Co., «3 Market
street. ' y
•WANTED — A eteady man with $100 for a plain
every-day business that will pay about $70
per month; steady place: experience not re-
quired. Apply 1016 Market St., room 10.
COATMAKER wanted for the country; must be
first-class and sober roan. Apply at 532 Va-
lencia st. \
WANTED — Sober, reliable young man with
$175 cash; $17 week: steady place; no ex-
perience necessary. BROWN. 1221 Market st.
WANTED — A steady man with $1CO as part-
ner in business that -will pay more than good
. wages. 36 Geary st., room 1.
A GENTLEMAN . of ' indomitable energy and
push : good ¦ opportunity for . right man. F
PERSON, room 412, Parrott building.
A— ONE 2-chalr. and bath country barberThoD
for gale. Box 4313. Call. . ,
WANTED— An old man at 30 Hannah st. Oak-»
land. Watts Tract; take Berkeley train.
ASSISTANT trimmer on coats. BELASCO &
HARRIS CO,', 541 Market st. *"" AJ '-" <•»
GOOD coat and pants maker for country ADnlv
9 o'clock. STEIN. SIMON Si CO. .. V9V *
GAS fixture, and mantel salesman; give refer-
ence and salary expected. Box 4418, Call.
MAN with $150; light office work; no experl-
ence necessary. 7C5 Market, room 3. > ¦
WANTED— ErfWr boy for tailor shop. 3
Brook Bt.. roo\n B. over Kast's shoe store.
pMytNGgTON.^o 3S-7K C^ n ™^^7-
1T « 1 '! AN or German barber wanted at 132
Pacific st.; steady Job.
GOOD barber wanted. 2837 Greenwich st
5 LABORERS. . pick and shoveil Eighteenth
- st. and Rallrcad ave.: take Kentucky-st. cars.
YOUNG man under 50 years with $50 to learn
barber trade. For particulars 1013 Mission.
GOOD dishwasher wanted at 414 Fifth st. .
ALL-AROUND office boy. 29 Stockton st.
THREE lunch- waiters wanted at Powell and
Beach sts.
PAPER warehouse porter wanted at 144 Union
Square ave. . ' v "
"WANTED — A second cook at ¦ 19 Powell st. '
MASTER ¦ Barbers — Regular : raeetlnjr Master
Barbers' Association to-night at 102 O'Far-
rell st.' at 8.30 o'clock. S. HELLER. ' Sec?
WANTED— Errand boy. Apply at 532 Com-
mercial - st.
MAN to : solicit < realty; good ¦ commission. 475
Parrott Building. • ¦ • • .;»
3-CHA1R, barber shop for nale. 229 Fourth st.
stan ?- sood iocatt °^
BARBERS— 2-chalr , shop for sale; good loca-
-. tlcn; room In rear; $125. • 1712 Howard st. •
BARBERS— Shop for, tiaU: snap; "good country
.town. Box 4542, Call office. .. ;
B^£- B ?m S ~~? Or 8ale> cood tw <>-cha!r shop.
lWi 1-..111S st. - .
- nENTISTS-— Co7atln-n»ed.': ; ' : ;
A NEW.plate-^-The. Whalebone— cannot break;
' " warranted 20 years; crowns, $3 60; fillings, 50c
-plates.' $5, full set; all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st.
SET ¦¦ : of •'." teeth '." without ' plate.' . DR. " H. - G."
•"- YOUNG, 1841 : - Polk st.'; ¦ . . - - -.
DRESSMAKERS AAT> SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School;
corset making taught ;• patterns cut. 1019 Mkt.
„ .DOG '' HOSPITALS. - -* j
DR. CREELY'S C.--P. dog soap by druggists
: or at the Hospital.^ 610 Golden Gate ave.. .
• EDUCATIONAL..
HE ADD' S SCHOoX OF "eTe^TRICAL~ENGI^
NEERING — Theory, demonstration., construc-
tion, laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
practical; day and night 24 Post St., S. F.;
catalogue tree. , ¦ A \ -
AYRES' Leading Business College. 723 Market
•>. — $8 per month ; $50 life scholarship | guaran-
' : tees a complete ; bus. education; shorthand,
typing, bookkeeping arithmetic, penmanship.
- spelling, Spanish," etc. ; experienced teachers;
new typewriters^ positions secured; cat. free.
IIEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES. 24 POST ST.,
S. F. — Thorough courses ;complete equipment;
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
. engineering; day and night; -catalogue free. .
A — The LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
Echool for the university, law and medical
colleges: references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. . Phelan building.
A — THE official reporters of Supreme Court ad-
- vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHER-
MARSH COLLEGE. - Is this. < advice . worth
¦ following? Life scholarship ,$50; catalogue.
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallet School,
associated with theatrical agency securing
• positions.; Alcazar building, 120 O'Farreli st.
ENGINEERING— Civil elec mlnlng.mech.sur-
vey, assay, ; cyanide; day eve. ; est. 1SS4. Van
' .der Nalllen School;: 113 Fulton, nr. City -Hall.
ACCOUNTING— Most thorough course on coast;
' beginners ¦ and , college graduates perfected.'
TARR. expert accountant, 219 Parrott bldg.
CALIFORNIA Business College: most thorough
modern methods; positions for all graduates;
; new CO-page catalogue free. ¦ 305 1 Larkln st.
j ALL Gregg stenographers secure positions: "11
good positions last week* rapid figure^a spe-
clalty.-- S. F. Busln.«s College, 1230 Market.
SPANISH, French, etc.Prof . De Fillppe'sAcademy
of Language8,320Post;estab'd lS71;ab!est profs..
VIOLIN,'- guitar,-- mandolin banjo taught In
class. $1 month. " : lSSO-Eddy; phone Pine 433.
MARY P. AVESTHAUS. piano, mandolin, guitar
'¦lessons. 60c; piano for practice. - 39 Fifth st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, wrltlng,-
etc. ; day or eve. : $5 mo; 1024 Mission, nr. Cth.
SKOHTHAND taught by mall or personally.
MISS M. G. BARRETT. 302 Montgomery st.
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof. MERKI. good
. teacher. 1008 Mission ; instruments selecced.
ILLUSTRATION— P ARLINGTON'S DAY and
j ILLUSTRATION— Night class. 424 Pine st.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post st.. S. F. ;
founded 1803 ; new &0-page catalogue free.
CHEAPEST and best In America — The Weekly
Call. 16 ' pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A — JAPANESE reliable house-cleaning, cooR<j
and waiters furnished -at short notice. Geo.
" Klnoshlta. 123^ Page, cor. Lyon; tel.Fell 8501.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office —
. Best help. 411% O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426.
CHINESE and Japanese help;' estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1097. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
Grand Japanese-Chinese Emp Office. 415 Stock-
ton; tel. Grant 108: expert," reliable help.
JAPANESE and* Chinese best help; cook and
| waiter. 421 Post. GEO. AOKI; tel. Bush 1S5.
i RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
| flee; all kinds help. '315 Stockton; Main 61SS.
! JAPANESE Intelligence 'Of flee — Furnish most
j reliable help. 524 Bush st.; tel. 510.
i ORPHEUM -Employment Office — Japanese. Chl-
nese help. 426 Powell.nr, Sutter ;tel. Black 5072.
EMPLOYMEXT^ WANTED— FEMALE.
A COMPETENT woman,- Hret-dass cook, .will
do ' small ' pieces In American . family, city or
country; wages $25 to $30; city references.
' 120 Fourth st., second floor, room 18.
GOOD, willing woman, a great housecleaner,
and cao-do most any kind of work; good, ref-
erences; wages $1 25 day and car fare; good
washer of flannels. . 116 Fourth St., 'room 1(5.
YOUNG girl wishes upstair* work . and wait-
Ing at table; cood "reference; wages 513
ironth. -Apaly'lftsi Halght st., store.
STRONG . woman ' wants work ¦ by the day
hou» cleaning or washing; $1 50 day. Apply
17s:{ Halght st..' store. ... .
RELIABLE woman wants rj position to do
housework; good cook and 'laundress; willing
and obliging. 1Q1; Bay ( »t.Vi near Stockton.
ACCOMPLISHED youns, lady" pianist would
like position playing evenings in cafes. Box
4537. Call. '
A MIDDLE-AGED American woman desires
• chamberwork or cooking; or day work where
she can sleep home. 402 McAllister f>t.
NICE female cook wants position; quick and
orderly; with references. Address box 4253,
Call office, Oakland.
LADY wishes general housework or chamber-
work. Residence 010 Jackson st.
EXPERIENCED waitress; a place to wait at
table for dinner. 253 Winchester Hotel. -
AN experienced nurse wishes engagements In
surgical confinement or chronic cases; refer-
ence given. Call or address Ladies' Nurs»e,
127 'Seventh st.
I COMPETENT - girl, speaks French - and Ger-
i . man. "wUhes to do upstairs work and sewing;
I reference: please state wages. Box 4529, Call.
WOMAN wants position ; sreneral • housework;
'good cook and understands care of children;
¦ no objection to short distance in country.
I Call for 3 days S22 Folsom. bet. 4th and 5th.
RESPECTABLE woman as nurse by. the week
; . or month; would care for invalid; good ref-
- erences. Call before 8 p. m.,.8J>2 Geary st.
A YOUNG French pastry cook desires position.
: L. N.. 505 Hayes st. ¦ , .' '
WANTED — Position as I housekeeper; no objec-"
tion to children. , E. H., 17. Grant ave. -
JAPANESE :E-irl wants work as ccok 'and.
; housework; $5 week. I J. K.y 4CS' Jessie St.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken lor The
Cell at Eaton's /Bazaar. U3H' McAllister st.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st; near Mar-
ket — 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50
----- to.$6 .week: convenient and respectable; free
bus and baggage . to and from ferry. . : . -,
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
I • received at Call branch office. 2^00 KUlmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109U
' Valencia st.
EMPLOYMlflXT WASTED— MALK.
¦WANTED— First-class German man and wife
• wish situations, - either private - family . or
ranch: . good references. . .Apply to J. F.
• CROSETT & CO., 334 Sutter st. -
WANTED— Positions by man and wife; wife is
- a eood :cook and experle'nqed/ In ¦'-. general
housework; man uood driver and thoroughly
¦¦ understands • care of ¦ hon^s; . handy man
around private place; city or country. MRS.
PETKRSON, 725 Utah st. : \- . ,'
GARDENER with many yeprs' experience in
1 all branches In Eastern States; : 2 years In
, California; best of references for extra" good
work;, all over. . Box 4425, ; ; Call office.' .
A YOUNG , man.' 20 years, position in -grocery '
or family ; liquor - rjtore : . 3 ¦ years' - experienca
and flrst-class references.. ¦ Box 4527. . Call. '-
FAST carpenter; will take charge; .non-union;
or will , work by the day. Address box 4252,
Call office, Oakland. . *
.SALESMAN open for an 'engagement: will con-
Blder flrst-class ' proposition. ¦ Box 4557,". Call.
UP-TO-DATE ' painter '; and. paper-hanger, • sin-
. gle, will work by. the day,, week or month for.
hotel; property-owner or estate; has all'nec-
eep.ary .ladders ; and .tools; .references* as
ability and integrity. Box 4351. Call ' office.
ELECTRICAL engineer who "is thoroughly 'con-
¦ versant In. all branches.'.. speaking ¦ English,",
. Spanish . and German ' fluently," desires posl-
• ¦ tlon. Box 4311, Call.- ¦ ¦ ¦ -- "..*» ':
ENERGETIC young , man, who; is well kn>iwn
. and a hustler to solicit orders '' for .- electro
plating works;- liberal commission. Address
box 45*?0. Call. ' ,<¦ .. . , .-..'.
GOOD : barber \ wants ' a place In some , country
.-town; with board and lodging If desired. -Box
4538.- Call, of flco. v : . ; ' ' --, .
STEADY, young man ¦> (German) wishes posl-"
f tlon- as ; bartender. < 330 ; Main . st. ''.'.¦:¦>
ENGINEER i with < good references .- wishes a
position. - Address -WM.% HAMILTON. Oak-
land P.'O. /: ¦• t ,'¦ -\. ¦
WANTED^-Sltuatlon as engineer or fireman by
man; with references. . Box 3738,
." Call ; of flee. \ v ,
,YOUNG man would like work of any kind; un-
.,-'; derttands : care of - horses. "•- Box : 4520, Call.
JAPANESE i wants ' pocltlon to do work of ; any
nd 9; D ; m - s ™*™;}*>™
CLASSIFIED advertisements ' and - subscriptions
,:¦ received at : Call . branch office. 2200 Flllmore. ;
W BRANCH : office i for Call : advertisements ¦ and
' JH l }* crl P tlon *' ha« ; been established . at ;, 10BS
¦- .-. > alf nr.la : »t. . '
nUSIXESS CHANCES— Continued.
HOTELS^-We have several fine ones to sell..
Stores; 4 paying gen. mdse;; good; towns. -~
*. Livery stables; 2 large ones, paying, in city.
Groceries and bars; 5; good business; big pay.
Steam laundry; fine business; large town. .
Cigar,* stationery, notion stores; good ones. .
Saloon; a good-paying one; good location. ¦
Delicacy, and cooking kitchen;: central; good;
cheap.- Also city and country real estate. -, •
> - HEALY & CARR, 0 Eddy. St.; S.;F:J
.WANTED — One or two restaurant men with
small - capital to take charge of a restaurant
and bar • connected with ¦ oyster and tamale
trade. Apply SE. corner 24th and Folsom.
LODGIXG-HO USES FOK S A f'fi^.;
A FEW OF OUR MANY BARGAINS. .1 ,
Any of the following on monthly payments.
.::.'J.. Money to Loan at .1'4 per cent..'..... 1
IS rooms; Just listed: bargain....... .'.. •»'»X
125 rocms; clears *450: only.. .......;•¦ --'OOO
30 rooms: clears $150; payments. ....... •I-**'
* 6 rooms ; .downtown ; very good ......;.. 2oO
30 nx-ms; first class; snap ......2300
.1 12 rooms; MORTGAGED; MAKE OFFER. _
¦Q rooms; sunny corner; a beauty; only. 375
21 rooms; Kills et.: clears $125 ...1C00
32 rocms; Powell; big transient- trade. .3500
10 rooms; partly furnished; snap; only..l0o0
20 rooms ;¦ clears. ?75; only..... "
40 rooms; clears $10S. ............. • • 800
, A. H. RETSLOFF. phone John 531. 000
Market st.,' cor. Ellis. . .¦...-:'.. -'"-^
DONALD INVESTMENT COMPANY,
S50 Market st— (Inc.).. Phone Davis 281.
Reliable dealers in rooming-houses, hotels,
business chances and real estate. .,..'.
We furnish vacant houses and
¦ Loan Money at lowest rates.
Something new every day. •
New houses to lease. '.
A. CAMERON & CO.. ' /
850 Market st. and 8 Stockton «t..
Rooms 21. 22. 23. Phone, Bush 32S. j
If you have hotels, rooming-houses or business
to sell, list with us; buyers call; we can suit
you; have bargains in hotels, lodging-houses,
flats; all elzes and prices; in all part3 of city.
KRASKY & CO.. 1040A Market st.', room 16—
Lodging-houses, hotels and flatjf: 5 to 200
rooms; $200 ud; see ur before you, buy. :-.<
A — 9 rms.; new carpets and furniture; O'Far-
rell & Taylor; cheap. Rm. 16. 1040 A Market.
A — 1G ROOMS: near^Market and Sixth sts. ;
best transient. Room 16. 1049A Market -st.
A — - Near The Call building.
Telephone Black l-S-0-3.
MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market st.. rms. 1-2,
MONEY TO LOAN. ,
Big free list of lodging-houses at my office.
All for sale on easy terms. Please ; ca'.l. .
McBRIDE & CO., 763 Market— Some bargains:
$050 — 15 rooms; Market et.
$375 — 19-room house. Jackson st. , .
$200 — 7 rooms; rent $15.
$3000 — 30 rooms; and CO more'houseB. ". ..'. -
Some good bargains. Only honest trade.
. . ; .SPECIAL BARGAINS. ......
20 rooms, rent ? DO, only . $050
20 rooms, rent $60, good furniture .. 1150
39 rooms, rent ?83, see this.'.'. ..:.."• ...2250
45 rooms, near Market St.... 2500
WINSTON & WOLF, 1020 Market st.
A — NOTICE:^ — We have rooming-houses, all sizes
.and prices, in all parts of the city; get our
x Hst first. MITCHELL & CO.. 1200 Market.
NATOMA, 217.' two blocks from Call — 10 rooms.
neatly furnished; price $275; rent $32. , ; ¦.,
$250—32 ROOMS; part cash; or will trade for
some. 765 Market st.. room 2. '•¦.¦ ,
SPIRITUALISM. '
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trans, bus. medium;
life. reader; medical clairvoyant; sittings, $1;
letter, -$2. 1164 O'Farrelllst.; Ellis car.
A — C. V. MILLER, world's famous materializ-
ing medium; spirits speak face to face; seance
Tues.. -Fri., Sun., 8 p; m.; 50c. 1084 Bush st.
PROF. GEE. 8% G. G. ave. — Readings, 50c-$l;
$1 readings In circle Tues,Thurs,Fri.night,25c
MME. YOUNG'S demonstration of spirit return,
to-night. CCu McAllister; 10c; come, skeptics.
MOTHER SADIE, materializing seance by C.
V. MILLER to-day 12 o'clock. 50c. 10S4 Bush.
Mrs. Seal, spiritual and bus. medium; tobacco
habit cured or no pay. Avondale, 1424 Market.
EDWARD EARLE. 328 -Ellis: readings daily;
phone Polk 1C01; seance 6unday and Thurs.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer; sittings dally: test to all to-night: 10c.
¦ - --' CLAIRVOYANTS.. , . - .!
MME. M. BERNARD. \
THE FAMOUS • .
Clalrvoj-ant and business, medium, permanently
located -at '17 Third st.,' next". Examiner bldg. <
She'reaQs your life correctly,* gives an accurate ]
description of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur In the fu-
ture. . If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied In life, or have domestic, :
love or business troubles, consult this great me- !
dlum and you wJU be , told how to overcome '
them. Valuable advice In all affairs of life; '25c
up; satisfaction guaranteed. Tel. Black 45S9. |
A — 50c and $1; PROF. WELLER. clairvoyant;
scientific palmist, card reader; advice on busl-
neFs, speculation, ' love and domestic troubles,
settles lovers'-, quarrels, reunites separated,
tells whom you will marry* how-to win'man
or woman you love; mall $1; send date birth,
lock hair, C questions. 1007 >4 Market, nr. Cth.
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located.at 12<W Mar-
ket »t., cor. Golden Gate ave., rooms 25 and
26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail; send stamp for pamphlet
-^wlth special terms. Dally and Sunday.
ISMAR. the Egyptian Gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op-
posite Sixth; private readings daily, 10 a. m.
' to 5 p. m. Sundays from 10 to 12 a.m. ¦
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
• reader, born with double veil — second sight;
diagnoses diseases with life reading: ladies ;>0e,
gents $; palm, and clalr. sit. $1 50. il26 Turk.
A— MISS M. WILLE. 320A Ellis; clairvoyant,
crystal seer: reads, your life correctly without
ques.'; full names: 50c-$l; 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice;' names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth Et.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader; ladles
25c, gents 50c; readings dally. . 132 Sixth
MME. ODELL. clairvoyant; cards & tea leaves
read accurately; L. 25c, G.' 50c. 521 "A Eddy.
MRS. LA VON. wonderful fortune teller; truth
or no pay: £fic and EiOc. 704 Howard, cor. 3d.
MRS. JACQUE. trance sittings fr palmistry,
$1; card readings. 25c & 50c. 309 Cth st., r. 12.
CARD reading and astrology.: 14S Sixth st.,
room 22. second floor. ¦' ,• '
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader from Louisiana:
only 10c; from 1 to 8. 2fi2 Minna St.. nr. 4th.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
pages. In wrapper for mailing. %\ per year.
CA ItPET nKATIXO . CL.EAMXO.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor *«rork
F*r;d to SPAULDIXG'S .Pioneer Carpot-beat-
lng Works. 353-*i57 Tehama Et. ; tel. South 40.
Karlson Karpet Co. — Cleaning 3c yd. ;upholster-
ing.1213 Market,bet.8th&9th;tel.Howard 2012.
American' Carpet-beRtlng Works— Cleaning, 3c;
"renovated, relaid. 104 14th st.; tei; Capp 3524.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St. :
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO... Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st. ; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-cleaning .Works.
333 Golden Gate ave.; telephone East 126.'.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleanlngr and Reno-
vatlng Co.. 240 14th st. ;, tel. "> Mission 74.
COLLECTION OFFICES. "
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Atjency— No charge
unless successful. Room 310,. 927* Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET. '; ; ,
A SUNNY cottage, 3 rooms; newly papered;
$C. 7C0^# Harrlf?Qn Bt. (rear). .
COTTAGKS WAMED. ~~~
WANTED-^-Cottage of 3 or 4 rooms and yard;
Mission; reaBonable.' Box- 4315. Call. ' .
DENTISTSl .
A^DR, T. sThIGGINS, 927 Market"st~EmmA
Spreckels bldg. — Painless dentistry at reason-
able, prices; pure gold ~ filling*, $1' GO; other
fillings, $1 ; ' gold and porcelain crowns; $5
up; plates, a full set of teeth that look nat-
ural ami guaranteed, (S up. .
Painless extraction. ..' .
I do first-class work only and guarantee it; ,
EIGHT prizes for best i crowns,' plates,' bridges
. -: and fillings; extractions < or fillings : by? my
¦wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years',
experience; no students ;. advice- free; 'prices
cheapest and guaranteed ; " lady : attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20- O'Farreli st. ;-
ELECTRO-DENTAL 'CLINIC,''. 800 Market,' cor.;
|" . 4th, r. -7, Flood bldg.: extractions done paln-
' lessly;> teeth without plates our specialty; gold
crowns $3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50
'. up; office hours, 9 a.m.- to 9 p. m.; Sundays,'
» to 2. J. W. THATCHER. D.D H.. Manager.
EASY. Dental Parlors, 0 Turk st}.. coi/ Mason—
Expert painless extractors;. skilled operators;
igas given: lady 'attendant. -Ri'C* ANDER-
SON, D. ,D. S... proprietor and .manager.^.v'.
(SEE my new ¦ pink Mvory plates; .see; my :new,
- unbreakable bridge; both warranted 'lifetime; ;
crowns., $2 ; fillings, • 25c. , Dr. Brown," 54 81xth."i
DR,R.L. WALSH. S47, Gearys nr.^ Larkln— Pain- ¦.
-lees ext..' 50c; plates ys'up; phone Polk. 1133. ;
"PARIS Dental Parlors,' 235 Kearny, cor. Bush—
¦ Full ret op teeth,; $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 60c.
DR.'E.,P. SHEPARD.l 14 Geary, st.;* expert
.'.workmanship only; reasonable; hours 10 to 4.',
MEYER.', 4<T, O'Farreli; ' late '• of ll " 6 -Turk ?" st." ;
crown and bridge work; , gas specialist. ;-.HOTEL ABB! VALS.
> L. »C.' Levey (owner), with Ira W. Coburn
(contractor), architect William Koenlg — All
work for a 3-story frame building and concrete
cellar (store and flat** on the S line of Mc-
Allister street. H4:ft W of Buchanan. S 137:6
by W'2.1: total. $7250. • •
. B Goldfish (owner), with W. H. Wlckernham.
(contractor). ¦ architect Mim — All wort f»>r»fc.
2-stnry frame building with brick foundations
on the W corner nf Pearl street and' Ptrk «v».
pue. running 17:8>.N nn P"tirl street and 17:1G«;
W on 'Pink avem>» bv 5ft from- lnt«T!>»>'"tI"n of
P»ari street and Pink avenue. M B -22: -total,
S27C0 WSbaBflMWRHBMslfeBl
— All work ex*ept mantels, gas fixtures, finish
hardware and tiling for a' 3-story and base
ment frame building (three flats) on the N line
of Paee street. 95 W of Octavla. W.25 by N
120 : total. $30e5.
-'Adella G. Tintemann (owner), with HA.
Farry (contractor), architect T. Paterson Rois
• Thomas E. Shumate (owner), with J. Bucher
(contractor), architects John & Zimmerman —
All Work except painting, gas fitting, plumbing
and sewering for a 2-story frame building en
the E line of Devisadero street, 02:6 S of Bush
S 25 by E 100: tota.1. $4833. . ,
Builders' Contracts.
- George W. Austin (single) to Marlon w.
Hawkins (wife of L). lot 24, Map of Austin
Park. Oakland; $10. -
• Mrs. Lena and George .C,-Hunt to Charles A.
Appeldorn. lot on W line of Grove street. 60
S of Twelfth, S 38 by W 103:6, block 154, Ket
leraberger Map, Oakland; $10.
¦ Lillian J. and Joseph S. Eastman to Mary V7,
Stevens (wife), lot on N line of Addlson street,
111:2 W, of Oxford, W 70 by N 138:2%. lots 17
and 18 and E 10 feet of lot 19, Map of Ter
minal Tract, Berkeley; $100. '
James Ga.nbla (widower) to Adet Heeht, lot
on'N line of Parker street. 217.30 W of Grove.
W 60 by N 129.40. lot 16. block F. Map cf
Crystal Springs Tract, Berkeley; $10.- ' i
. B. Kelsey (single) to-Frederlcka Bruna (wif»
of D.). lot 16.' block 30, map of portion of plat
6,. Kellersberger's ' Survey. V. and D. Peralta
Rancho, property of J. S. Emery, quitclaim
deed. Oak, ind Township; $10.
Emily- B. Hopkins (widow) to William E.
Lawrence, lot onvW line of Arch street. 3G6.95
N of Rose. N 100 bv W 124.26. lota 11 and 12.
block A, map of Hopkins Terrace, Berkeley;
$10.
Merton W. and Martha Davis . to Julia and
Martha Nelson (single), lot 19 and W half of
lot IS block 9, map of Shaw Tract, Berkeley;
$10. • •
Sarah E. Berry (widow), Abbie> S. and Chris
tian MikkeUen to Terrilla V. Wright (wife of
John T.). lot on S line of Center street. 370 W
of Oxford, S 42:6, E 3 inches, N parallel with
W line of Oxford to S line of Center street. W
3 Inches. Llock B. Map ot Perkeley Property,
Maps Nos. 2 and 3. Blake Tract, portion of lot
7, covered by building known as Wright, block.
Berkeley; $200. . ¦.-,..
Henry C. Wainwrlght to- Rebecca P. Waln
wright. lot on W line of Harrison street. 100
N of Durant. N 50 • by 150; also lot en SW
corner of Broadway and Elm street. S 80./ W
122:10Vs N .65:5%.. E 143:9. lot 9, map of
Locust." Broadway and Elm Street Tract, Oak
land; $5. •¦ , ¦ ¦¦ -
Hans and Marie Rasmussen to Carl Bygum.
land ¦ beginning at a point on the E boundary
of University Terrace. 02»:2 NW from SE cor
ner of lot 19. thence NW 30, W 230 to point,
etc. 360J SE from stoke No. 51 In Panoramic
way. SE 40. E 230 to beginning, being a por
tion of lot 18, map of University Terrace.
Berkeley, except portion for use as public
road; $110. IV*-'
Jacob and Llna Heyman to- Marie Muaset
(Thlele). lots 117 to 119, map of Alvln Tract.
Brooklyn Township; $10. *j
Joseph Maristany Jr. (by Elmer Westlake,
trustee) to Julia. A. Ring. 648 D. 457. lot on
SE corner of Alameda avenue and Oak street.
E 150 by S 100,- lots 1 to 3. block T. landa ad
jacent to Enclnal. Alameda, trustee's , deed;
S790O. • • •
Julia A. and Fred A. Ring to C. L. Colvlo,
same subject to all incumbrances: $10.
John Obernauer (single) (by Isaac L. Requa
and W. W. Oarthwalte. trustees) to Leah F.
Mott (single). 7C2 D. 241. lot on NE corner of
Cottage street and Central avenue. N 214. E
100 SE 163:2 SW 112. lota 43 to 49, revised
map of Encinal Home lots. Alameda. trustee'*
deed; ?575O. • .•
Caroline E. Hancock (widow) to Ida P. Han
cock, lot on S line of Eagle avenue, +4 E of
Willow street. E 40 by S 125. Alameda; $10.
p H. and Nellie W> Heller (wife) to Lottl«
E. Bow'en (single), lots 16 to 19. block D. map
or Major Given Tract. Oakland; $556.
Lottie E- Bowen (single) to A. J. Snyder,
Sa j! C> T. Hanna.. (single) to Rudolph Madsen.
lot on N line of Fourth avenue (as widened to
60 feet). 81 W of Newton. N 117.3, W 89. to
angle continuing' W 50. J8 125. E 124. block
C map of Peralta Heights. East Oakland (3ub
lect to 668 D. 28J) for $1150); $1P.
Lester A. Pelton (»lngle> to John M. Rul*.
lot on • N Un« ¦ of Forty-fifth street. ¦ 240 w of
West W 1C0- by N 100, lots 25 and 2G, block
2108. map, 'of Alden Tract at : Temescal, • Oak-
Arthur D. and Elsie A. Whltlock to The
Home Building Company (corporation), lot 12,
block A, map of Paradise Park. Oakland: $10.
William and Mary C. McDonald to Arthur
McDonald, lot on S line of Thirty-second
street. 248:4 W of Grove. W 33:4 by S 1KX.
block 2037, map of Rowland Tract. Oakland;
$10. WM -1 .
Mrs. Ada Edgcumbe to Margaret E. Evans
(s'ngle), lot on N line of Atlantic street,.
105:7% W of Pine. W 25 by N 100:714. lot 31.
block S9, map of land In Oakland Point (Rail
road Ferry Landtag) Tract 40«. Oakland: $10.
John J. O'Nell .(single) to E. L. Blackman,
lots 7 and 8. block" A. Daly (Robertson) Tract,
Brooklyn Township; $10.
Leah F. Mott (single) to Bernard Schmalta.
beginning at a point in center of Frultval*
avenue. SW 192 from NW corner tract former
ly conveyed to Julius W. Wyman. 385 D. 303.
said beginning being S line or Huff avenue
(or county road). No. 1540. SE 235.60. NE 100,
NW 220, SW 100, Brooklyn Township: $10.
Alameda County.
Louis and Rose Llpman and Albert Meyer to
¦William Ormond. lot on E lln« of Twentieth
avenue. 125 N from I street. N 50 by E 120 J
*10
Christian Hansen. Horace C. and Annie L.
Sexton to Edgar D. Petxotto. lot on SE line of
Clary street. 650 SW from Fourth. SW 22:11 by
SE 75; $10. . - .
James and Anne McMenomy to Mary A.
Reardon (widow), lot on NW line of Jessie
street, 366 NE from Sixth, NB 83 by NW SO;
$10. - -.-•-.
Robert Robinson to Charles Johnsen, lot on SE
line of Clary street, 350 NE from Sixth, NE 25
by SE 80: $3250. .
A. J. and Elizabeth Walker to William, and
Ida E. Buchwald. lot on E line of Eighth ave
nue, 300 S from C street. S 25 by E 120: $10. •
Edward 1*. cuuius, Laura van VVlcklan,
Susan A. curnos ami >ranc«s A. Einpey t j
John . Thompson, lot on W une of Oci*vU
street, lw w ot McAllister, N au by W lv» :»;
$1V. ' : ¦ ' ¦
Bernard Kramer to Philippine Kramer, lot
on Ht: corner of Grove ana xJucnanau sureeu.
x. 25by N)W»:S>; gitt. . '"
Sdmt to same, lot pn S line of Golden Gat«
avenue. lt» W ot Laguna street^ W SO by S
120; gUt.
Jacob S. Hermann to Joseph Franklin, lot
on SE corner ot McAllister and Fillmora
streets. SWbyEliMI; S10.
Metha Rohe (widow) to Nathan Dusenbery.
lot on SW corner of Ellis and Webster streets.
W 87:6 by S 3t:6; $10.
Qcella C. Bennett (widow) to Magdalena \ an
Winkle lot on B line of Baker street. 50 N
of Page. N 25 by E UC:10%; $10.
Cabel H. Maddox.to same, same, quitclaim
Delia Clarke to Stanley W. Morshead. lot on
E line of Baker street. 75 S of Oak. fc> 2o by
JullVF.'and Thomas Moore to Kate M. Dil
lon, lot on S line of Vallejo street. 123:9 W
of Baker. W 25:9 by S 137:6; $10. •
Joseph R. and Sarah Mogan to Edmund P.
Mogan. lot on N line of Halght street. IBS W
of Baker. W 65 by N 137 :«: gift. n
Florence E. Mogan (wife) to same, same: $10.
John-Coop and James W. Smith to Mary H.
Brittan. lot on N line of Frederick street, 95 W
from Belvedere. W 25 by N 110; $10. <
Elizabeth and Joseph Goss to Daniel Hanlon,
lot on W line of Shotwell street. 195 N from
Fifteenth and 245 E from Howard, N 2Si by E
120;, $10. . • ¦ ; —
Jeremiah Lynch (administrator of estate of
A. E Taylor, by B. P. Oliver, commissioner) to
Hibernla Savings and Loan Society, lot on K
Hne*ol Twenty-first street, 175 E from Guer
rero. E 25 by N 115; $3800. •
John, and Jane McAdams to James M. and
Hannah Curtln. lot on W line of Florida street.
156 N from Twenty-second. N 26 by W 100; $10.
Eliza J. and Charles Lyman to James C. and
Hannah Curtin, lot on E line of Douglass
street.- t-i N from Jersey, N 50 by E 125; $10. -
Goldberg, Bowen &Co. (corporation) to Jo
seph Pflger, lot on N line of Post street, 137:6
E from Hyde. E 28 by N 120; $10.
Louise F. O'Brien to Bernhard and Anna
Davldorr, lot on SE line of Howard street, -250
SW from Fourth. SW 25 by SE 80; $10. - ..
WEDNESDAY. MARCH 2ti.
Washington Mseks to D. Albert Miller, lot
on SW line 'of Bowdoln street. 100 SE of Olm
stead.' <SE 100 by SW 120. lot 2. block 11U.
University Homestead Association; $100.
Edward L. and Julia Beck to Hubert W.
Schrjiner. ' lot on W line of Fourth avenue.
124:9 N of Cliff (Point Lobos avenue). N £5:3
by W 120; $10. . ..
Olive Verkouteren (widow) to Joseph Marion,
lot on NW line of Exeter (Starr) street. T5 S\V
of Paul,. S.W-50 by JiW.100, lots 20 and 21.
block 4, Garden Tract Homestead Association;
$10.
• TUESDAY. MARCH 25.
Pierre Dupuy and Joseph Cabannes to R. N.
Nason. Jot on E line of Potrero avenue. 108:%
N of El Dorado street thence parallel to El
Dorado unUl said parallel line Intersects E 1U»«
of lot of grantors, S to end of said E line. 8W
5 to beginning (intending to convey land S of
line 108:% N of El Dorado); $230.
: Alexander H. Everett -. to Ellen H. Everett
(wife), lot on E line of Third avenue, 225 3
of Lake street, S 23 by E 120: also all property
of first party, including Interest in Estates
Relief V. E. Buffum, Ann C. Everett and Fred
erick Everett: gift.
HEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
I
U±LK BA3N- UKANCiSCO CALL, THURSDAY; MAECH 27, 1902:
13
NEW WESTERN- HOTEL
JT CraUr & fami SeatV
O Walker. Haywards
T J Thorkelson & Cam.
Minnesota
A D Hennlntr. Seattle
K Flanagan; Seattle .<
J Warneke. Aurora ,
FP- Powell. Woodland
M J.,C«erran, . Cal ••¦;',¦
J Koumz A w. PltUbac
O N* r srjrli«.' Los Anor . :V
Vf Hutchlnson. Phil
F B Warning. X T
A Wrennan. D»nv(»r
O -P. Awtln.- Denver •'
|J Rrmalch Aw. Seattlt
I R Erlkscn. . Portland
in Anderson & w. Cal
!a.A.!e*wi. N Orle»n»'
J Bvrnn. Oakland ' "'.
OAKUAND ADVERTISEMENTS}
•_-_•' OAKLAND REAL "ESTATE.
WOODWARD,' WATSON &< CO..- • '
WOODWARD. WATSON : & CO.. .
WOODWARD. - WATSON.. & .CO.,
WOODWARD. WATSON & 'CO..
WOODWARD. WATSON^- A, CO..
WOODWARD, , WATSON & ( CO., • ,
WOODWARD, : WATSON -&!, CO.. . ; :. •¦ •
WOODWARD. WATSON & CO.. J.
WOODWARD. WATSON A CO..
WOODWARD. WATSON & CO... .... I
WOODWARD. , WATSON .&• CO./ - '.«-. '„' '. "'
WOODWARD. WATSON '& -CO..
WOODWARD. WATSON & CO..
WOODWARD. WATSON '-*.¦ COi.r- ¦
WOODWARD. WATSONS & '.. CO., . .'. ..
•/. i ¦ . • FIRST SALE OF THE SEASON.
:.", FIRST SALE OF THE SEASON.
FIRST SALE OF THE SEASON.
.; FIRST SALE OF THE SEASON.
FIRST SALE OF THE SEASON.
FIRST SALE OF THE SEASON.
FIRST SALE OF THE SEASON.
•';¦ , >' : > ' SPECIAL SALE. ~ ¦
• SPECIAL . SALE. -
S . . SPECIAL SALE.
. ' .SPECIAL- SALE., : :
' v . ".-'¦¦ SPECIAL ; SALE.
* SPECIAL' SALE.
.... -SPECIAL. SALE. .
''.....' —^
' .- . ¦ . '. --;'•¦¦
' ,'.'¦ \ AT AUCTION. .
s'^rvi. ¦- '¦ AT AUCTION. . .
AT AUCTION. Y .
• . • AT AUCTION. . ' . '
•v AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION.
•TALBOT : PLACE."
jp*£K- v "TALBOT ; PLACE/V -..¦,.
' -TALBOT PLACE!" : ¦ . ¦/
"TALBOT. PLACE."
Near. San • Leandro.
Near San ' Leandro,
•' . . Near ;San Leandro.
'.'V- Near San Leandro. . '/",:-?
v Near San Leandro, .
' SATURDAY/' MARCH 29, 1902.
< - SATURDAY," MARCH 29. 1902.
SATURDAY. MARCH 29. 1902. ' /
-SATURDAY/MARCH' 29., 1902.7 ,
SATURDAY.' MARCH \.29/.' 1802.'. .
. SATURDAY. .MARCH 28.-1902. '
». ' SATURDAY, i MARCH ¦ 20. _ 1902. " :--¦
At 11 O'Clock a. • m. on tBe Premises.
We will sell - at public auction and to the
highest bidder, the beautiful country home of
Mr. Fred C.- Talbot, consisting of 140 acres of
the very 'finest fruit and vegetable land — sixty
acres In full bearing orchard, consisting of
English Walnuts, Oranges, Cherries, and ;all
y " BEAUTIFUL 12-ROOM RESIDENCE.' .
Thoroughly modern, fine stable. . superintend-
ent's cottage, • milk -house, brooder houses; etc..
etc. — an Ideal country home,.'' - . . • • - - ¦-.
Following the sale, of the land '-and Improve-
ments, we Will also sell all of the personal
property. - WITHOUT; LIMIT- OR RESERVE—
Consisting of elegant, costly household furnish-
ings. - oil paintings, steel engravings, ¦' Decker
Bros, grand square piano,, etc., etc. •>.,-.-.
'Carriage teams, saddle horses, Shetland
ponies, carriages and carts, harness, saddles.'
Several r fine head of cattle — '.'Jersey stock."
' Send for catalogue . for • all ¦ particulars and
complete list' of property to be Bold. w .
WOODWARD, "WATSON A CO.. -/ • • /
WOODWARD, "WATSON & CO.,
WOODWARD, . WATSON , & • CO.,
WOODWARD- WATSON & CO.,
' WOODWARD.V WATSON A CO.,
WOODWARD,^WATSON - & CO., •
WOODWARD. JK WATSON & CO., '•
• ' : > WOODWARD,"7"WATSON A CO.,
WOODWARD/ WATSON A ' CO., '¦• ,^
1 Real Estate Auctioneers,
. Real '- Estate Auctioneers, \ • • •>'¦ ' >
Real Estate Auctioneers,
Real Estate Auctioneers,
' Real Estate Auctioneers, ' ' .';•'{
Real Estate Auctioneers. ' "','
Real Estate Auctioneers, ; - J
V" . % . . •' '¦ 'I.TfQ :
• v j 903 Broadway. -Oakland. ¦ «.
• •: • . -903 Broadway, Oakland. . p';.
903 Broadway. Oakland. '.'•'-'
903 . Broadway, Oakland.
- ¦ 903 Broadway, Oakland. •
>.'i »••¦*;,' -803-- Broart way, Oakland. -
--•¦•¦¦ . 003 Broadway. Oakland. ,
QE0RGK W. AUSTIN, . . "». • . • '• ; '
, ; 400 .TENTH ST., OAKLAND.
$1000— Cozy cottage of 5-rooms; hot and 'cold
water; hall; porcelain sink. etc. ; newly paint-
ed and papered: sunny, side; street work -and
walks complete; near cars and: school; terms
if desired; 1743 Filbert nt.; near Twenty-sixth;
go and see It; owner' will be there.
$2350— Modern cottage of 6 rooms; bath; high
basement;, bay-window; brick foundation, etc.;
all in fine condition; lot 60x125 feet, .with stone
walks, . open lawn, - etc. ; on . Myrtle st. ;' close
in; location very desirable. . ,.
$3750 — Owner away; a genuine snap; a per-
fect little gem of a home; 7 rooms; porcelain
bath, etc. ; lawn, stone walks, etc. ; choice lo-
cation; strictly residential; $1000 cash will do;
could not be built nicer.'.
• GEORGE W:.- AUSTIN,' ' '
; ¦ ¦ '' . ' AGO Tenth st.. Oakland.
LOOK THIS UP TO-DAY. . - ,•/ -\^^.-;
New pretty ' homes'. . 5 to 8 rooms; all mod-
ern; -prices- moderate; vacant 40-foot lota; $800
to $1000; elevated above the street and includ-
ing street work complete; ' on Merrlmac -. . or
Twenty-eighth sts.,' . between Telegraph ; ave.
and Grove st.; choicest and cheapest property
In Oakland; close In and handy to schools and
churches. See W. T. HARRIS on' the prem-
ises or . ' ¦ • . GEORGE W. AUSTIN.
¦ ,... ., , ¦;,•.-¦:',:, .460 Tenth st.. Oakland.
$6. 50 . MONTHLY— Finely J equipped ' chicken
ranch.- 2 acreB;.rlch soil; plenty good water;
large broodery ; 3 brooders and number of
chjeken houses ; modern Incubator ; bone mfll
and meatgrinder; fencing and garden tools;
.475 chickens '6. ducks, 1 cow; price $500; the
land can.be had at a bargain; close to steam
and electrio cars.- also. model school: see this
at once; time limited; call ¦ or ' send for cir-
cular.' 455 ; Seventh . St., 'opposite Broadway
station, ' Oakland ; carriage free. ' '(-
OAKLAND FURNISHED HOUSES.
$60—9 ROOMS; 2 or 3 years' lease; adults only;
references.- Call' between 10 a. m. and 3
p. m. at 1504 Franklin St., Oakland. ¦ ¦ ¦-¦
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
, FURNITURH • good - B^d^clieXp^h7s^rncntii7^«C' .
BCHELLHAAS. ¦ 408 Eleventh «t.. Oakland. -
. ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
ASH ave.; 88, nr. Larkln— 2 sunny rooms; gas
• stove;' cheap; also sunny bedroom. , , iV .-.
BELL (The), 1773 Market— Sunny; suite, .with
:',•¦ grate, ¦ gas and kitchen,- $20;i telephone.- *;; ; ;
FIFTH, 353-^-Furni shed double parlors, kitchen
2 beds, $20; also 2, $10; also single. $4. $5. $7!
GOLDEN GATE ave./ 1200— Sunny unfurnished
¦ front rooms; also single room, furnished. , ¦>
HOWARD. 10C3— 2 sunny connecting completc-
-.¦'ly. fur. ¦ front bay-window : rooms ; range; $10.-
HYDE, 408 — SUnny back parlor suite, complete
• for- housekeeping; also rear basement' suite,
yard,' laundry. :{• • : ' ¦. , . • , . . ..
McALLISTER,' 630— 2- nicely, furnished • sunny
V. suites; gas' range; phone; -bath; laundry; Sio
and '$14. '.-. .• ¦. ' • - •
MINIf A,' 514, near Sixth — Furnished housekecp-
,' :' Ing ' rooms.' :..'•¦• i : ;•¦ ' : : , _¦ ¦ ¦• . '
OAK. ; - 117— Changed hands; renovated and new-
.* ly furnished; 2-room suites, $12 to $18; adults.
POST, 4 , 005 — 2 large sunny, rooms ¦ for *house-
:' keeping;. $16;: phone Sutter 687.* '- .- ¦• •
P0WELL, ; 1008, cor. ; Clay— 2 sunny rooms, $16;
U connecting; $30; all complete for housekpg.
MUSICAL INSTRUaiEXTS^Con: V.
bMALL" upright. $:i5: large cabinet, grand up-
rlEht. $150; square piano*. $:W up: A. • n.
Cameron, walnut case. nlmo»t new. $27.1.
Bowers & Son. t!.1 nth St.. Ivers A Pond agts..
l.PRIGHT piano. $10oTIpiendld bargain: bsst
renting pianos In city for $S per month.
SCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 5C0 Hayes ft.
WK offer for one week 12 beautirul pianos at
barealn prices from $S5 up. F. W. SPEN-
CER & CO.. corner Sutter and Powell Bts.
OUR pianos, the leading makers: price $100 up-
ward: values best tn the city. PIERCE'9
PIANO FACTORY. Market. 14th and Church.
Elegant $550 upright piano; handsome case &
tone; muet sell acct. sickness. Sll O'Farrell.
3 LEADING piano?. Steinway. Chlckerlns.
Weber, other makes, at FAY'S. 1720 Mission.
WANTED — Four good squares for halls.
BYRON MAUZY.. 310 Post St.
2 ELECTRIC self-playing pianos; bargains.
BYRON MAUZY. 310 Post «t. '
BARGAIN, great sacrifice; 2 uprights, nearly
new. JOS. SCHMITZ A CO... 16 McAllister.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
Large store -with baset.. front. Clay-Merchant,
_ above Montgomery: -lease. Keys 636 Clay.r.l.'
STORES WANTED.
WANTED — Part of Email store, located Market,
bet. 3d and Powell. Geary, Kearny, Grant,
Stockton or Powell. Address Elevator, 933
Market at. . ¦
oil. , ¦y-'- .• ; ',' . -
OIL tanks, ~2nd-hand. in good order; all sizes;
cheap. H. S. WHITE. 130-132 Beale 'at.
PAIKTERS AJ|P p ECOR.ATOKS.
Rooms papered $3 up; painting A tinting done'
Hartman Paint Co.. 319 3d st.; tel. Red 3521.
FIRST-CLASS work; low rates; get figures. S.
C. ROMAINE. 640 Q. G. ave.: tel. Polk 1423.
MRS. E. PEARCE, sclen7iflc~TusYnesTl)almist.
parlors 14% and 15, The Vendome. 1104 Mar-
ket st. ; hours from 1 10 a. m. to 9 p. m. ;
horoscopes cast by mail, fl. •
MME. G. L. NEERGAARD reads 1 to 4. 700
Pott st.. corner of Jones; pbone Polk 837.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. 515
Taylor lit., bet. Geary and Post:tei.Black 501.
PERSONALS.
AN elegant line of remnants for suits to order.
$15; with these suits we make an extra pair
of pants free of charge; other suits on install-
ments. $1 weekly. L. LEMOS. 1U7 Market
et.. between Seventh and Eighth. .
WANTED— A man posted on Eastern lumber
and Ehlngle business with $25,000 capital to
purchase a complete shingle and finishing
plant on Humboldt Bay. Address N. H.
PfNE. Eureka. Cal. , ; ¦
.WHY guess? You can be certain of style and
fit by using Standard Patterns. April pat-
terns and The Designer now ready. • . J: W.
EVANS, Domestic office. 1021 Market. nr.6th.
ELECTRIC light m every room— Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third et., near Market; 700 rooms;
25e to $1 60 per night; $1 60 to $6 per, week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from. the ferry.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenille- wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine. In hank or chain, at lowest
rates. Geo. Matthews. 709 Fifth. Oakland.
A— WHAT do you think? O. BERMAN, 4S
Ellis, makes colored shirts to order; $1 each;
same as white shirts:' selection 300 • patterns.
ARTISTIC hairdresslng, any style. ' 25c;. sham-
pooing, 60c; hair dried in 10 minutes; mani-
curing, 25c. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton st.
MONEY loaned at low interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
WHITE enamel iron beds, single,'- three-quarter
or double, f 2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO., 1310-1312 Stockton Et., near Broadway.
Electrolytic removal 'of moles and superfluous
hair; permanent; painless;' free treatment;
work guaranteed. , Miss C. Dudley, 1702 Mkt.
A school to learn halrdresslnR, hair work, man-
icuring. Manhattan Hair Store.' 1702 Market.
bet. Polk and Van Ness. MIES A.V. DOYLE.
AT less than cost, uncalled-for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
tailor. 721 Market fit. ¦ ¦ . .
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATOJJ. 1119 Sutter st.
A— DT your hair Is falling or you are bald call on
Dr.G.S.Moore.332O'Farrell;. Bend : for circular.,
ELECTRIC needle specialists; superfluous hair
A -moles destroyed. Mrs. H. gaton,- 427 Sutter.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. • J. B. RAY. 457 Minna St.
Mrs. Brlggs — Superfluous hair, moles destroyed
by electricity. 1719 Buchanan; tel. West 259.
Masquerade costumes at H. Anderson's, theatri-
cal costumer. 26 O'Farrell: country orders.
: Electric A electric-light baths; massage, hot air
treatment for rheumatlsm.etc. 233 Geary.r.27.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles removed by
electric needle.Dr.&Mrx.Traverse.llTO Market.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to its natural color; $1; at all druggists.
ONE MINUTE TOOTH-ACHE DROPS CURE
instantly; 10c and 25c .All druggists. ..
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO., 733 Mkt.
TAILOR-MADE suits, (7 50; dress pants. $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
DR. LAMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINT, the
best corn cure. 25c; all druggists.
~. PHYSICIANS AND SCttGEONS.
AN established paying medical business for
sale at a bargain; a splendid opportunity for.
a registered qualified physician to secure a
specialist's practice which Is clearing over
$5000 a year; name, lease, good will, furni-
ture.- fixtures, etc, all ko; the fullest, op-
portunity will be given the right party -for
Investigation; only- those who mean business
need apply; satisfactory reason for selling
-given. Box 4511, Call office.
RUPTURE and piles cured; no pay until cured:
no operation; no detention from business;. all
private diseases treaty successfully: consul-
tation free. Drs. Forden A Porterfleld. 6 Turk.
A-^DR. OLIVE GRUVER,. lady physician and
surgeon, at 484 Valencia Bt. ; hours 10 to 8. '
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL — Office and residence.
1021 Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
' DIVIDEND NOTICES. •-. ¦
DIVIDEND Notice — To the shareholders of the
Independent Red Men's Hall Assn.: In. the
last regular monthly meeting of the Board
ef Directors 'of the Independent Red Men's
- Hall Assn. a dividend of .25c per share was
declared payable on the 28th of • March. . at
8 o'clock p. m.. at Red Men's Hall, 610 Bush
Bt. MARTIN FUETSCHER. President.
B. A. SAMMANN.- Secretary.
Mill Valley Advertisements.
MILL "VALLEY REAL ESTATE.
S H. ROBERTS, real estate and insurance.
Mill ' Valley. Cal. — Houses to rent, furnished
and unfurnished, by the season or year; im-
\proved and unimproved property for sale..
REAL ESTATE— t-COUNTRY— For Sale
14 000 ACRES . splendid Colony tract, with
railroad station. Fresno County, only $10 an
Icreby bank. WOOSTER, WHITTON A
MONTGOMERY. C34 Market st. -;
A— Santa Clara Valley — 30S acres by bank; sedi-
ment landf $15,400; easy terms; near station.
See WOOSTER. WHITTON & MONTGOM-
ERY, 634 Market st. . . , V .' ¦¦
* Santa Clara Valley — 10 acres In richest col-
ony. in California: only $14 15 monthly if de-
sired- don't let this go by ; unprecedented
chance for frugal' salaried people. WOOS-
TER. WHITTON A MONTGOMERY, C34
Market et.; send for catalogue. ¦
A— Santa Clara Valley— Eighty acres; vineyard;
pplendld location; elegant soil; good bulld-
lnee- $13 000 to settle estate. See WOOS-
TER WHITTON A MONTGOMERY, 634
Market et. -
A— 200 acres productive land. Including promis-
ing townslte; on Valley road; $40 an acre.
third cash. See WOOSTER. WHITTON &
MONTGOMERY. 034 Market St. ¦¦
A — Merced County river bottom land; perfect
Irrigation; corn, alfalfa, potatoes. grain, stock,
on river bank; cash rental, $2000; owned by
bank; rood buildings: grand farm; cheap.
See WOOSTER, WHITTON & MONTGOM-
ERY. G34 Market St. ¦. . •' ' '<
FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO
Small tracts. $00 to $90 per acre, on Rancho
Cotatl, Sonoma Co. ; future value assured. • at
San Francisco is growing rapidly; location
best for poultry and general farming. > Apply
to The Cotatl Co.. 302 California st.. for
- pamphlets and information.
Santa Claca Valley. San Jose and'. Peninsular
proprrties. see WOC TER. WHITTON A
MONTGOMERY. Ot Market. B. F..' A San J.
PROFITABLE orange, lemon; peach and prune
lands to sell: right locality; big money; easy
payments. HEALY.flr CARR. 6 Eddy »t.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE. ;
FOR sale or exchange-^-Beautlful home in San
Jose; convenient In every respect; reasonable;
no agents. Particulars box 4323, Call office.
SIATBIMOXIAU . ]
MARRIAGE Lureau: fst. liTSI: reliable an?
ocr.ndentia 1 . : lists 10c. Mrs. Hertz. 700 Ellin.
MATTRESSES P'^LOWS.
TO cnier slso cleaned and etcrillzed; upho'-
»tery: Al carpet cleaning; lior.es t work guar-
anteed. HOPKE I3UOS.. 411 to 415 Powell
tt.: tel. Bush 421. r---,
li"-ase iron beds: mattresses: pillows: window
fh»d«>s. J.F.Hnttfr. 712 Mission: tgl. Main 730.
MISCKLLA>EOUS : ---FOIt_SALK'.
BOILERS, ensines. 2<l-hand machinery. McIN- I
» TOSH A •\Y~OLPMAN. 1S3-197 Fremont st. ¦_. j
Si HP ECONOMIC return flue portable
boiler coir.plcte $ 300 1
40 h. i>. Hoine safety tube boiler ;. ino
40 h. p. -M'as engine 225i
3Cx8 feet return tubular boiler :.. 150 I
4*xlC return tubular boiler 350
8~h p. upright boiler 75
10 000 feet water pipe, all sizes; belting till
you can't rest. H. S. WHITE. 130-132 Beale.
X BUYS, cells or rents eear. machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys »
etc WHITELAW. 253-255 6pear st.
BAR fixtures- big stock; installments; billiard
and pool tables; easy terms or rented. The
Brunsw-ick-Balke-Collender Co.. 652 Mission.
A— «3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. S30 Kearny Et.. near Pine.
FINE ruits. J10: dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
A — SEALSKIN Jacket for eale for $65. Port-
land Loan Office. 25 Stockton st. -
ZITHER, new. 42 strinps, F. Schwarxer's: cost
$14 3; for, eale. $50. 655 Pine Bt. R. Bauske.
BAT.GAIK— 2 srood bicycles, oak bedroom set.
chairs, tables and kitchen uten. 874 Howard.
FOR second-hand machinery, engines and boilers
KO to I>.J.McMasters,SE.cor.2nd and Brannan.
FROM SOOO to 10,000 reet of 3 and 3% inch
pipe. E. IULEY, 109 Vallejo Bt.
FOR Sale — Cocker spaniel, male pup. 2 months
old. 71S Folsom st. >j&B&
FOK SALE — Brick, $4 per 1000. Battery and
Union sts.
ALMOST new Waltz safe, cost $150. at half
price. 1008 Washington Et.. Oakland.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. SC3 Mission at., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
1ST-CLA6S 2d-hand modern engines and boilers
bought. Bold. Krogh Mfg. Co.. 613 Market.
BOATS. launches, rowboats carried In stock.
BAKER A HAMILTON.
ASK for prices on second -hand typewriters (all
makes). ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montg'y.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving plc-
tures. BULLARD A BRECK. 131 Post at.
NEW home and Domestic sewing machine;
pood order; complete; cheap. -1915 Mission.
GASOLINE engines, all sires, new and 2d-ha.nd
and launches. J. E. DOAK. 396 Mission st.
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE. 139 Beale st. '
6AFES — New and second-hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento St.
MISCELLANEOUS WAATS.
WANTED — To rent an ark for the summer;
must be roomy enough to accommodate at
least Eix people; ctate price. Address box
4544. Call ot&ce.
BIG prices paid for sealskin coats; also gents'
fall dress aad Tuxedo cults. ' Portland Loan
Office. 25 Stockton st.; phone Bush 4S4. '
I WILL pay- good cash, prices for old seal-
skins; ser.d postal : will call. Box 4337, Call.
Wanted — id-hand electric motors, all sizes, .any
condition. T"»niswortliEIectricalW]is.,41STurlt.'
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 Oth rt.: tel. JessU 2S51.
~ MOKEY TO LOAJf.
A— JHERJ^iTliu^PHiTcH^eoTEltamlnCTbdg
..... $4,500,000 at Lowest R&tes .
......On Firet and Second Mortgages......
........On Life Interests in Estates
......Property Being Held in Trust......
Undivided Interests in Real Estate.....
Life Insurance Policies; Estates in Probate;
Financial Problems of all sorts and sizes.
IF YOU NEED MONEY
See HERMAN* MURPKY. 601-602 Examiner.
AA — MANHATTAN LOAN CO. <Inc)
S300.000 at 5% *nd 6 per cent In corns to suit;
City, Oakland. Town and Country property;
recend mortgages, life insurance and securi-
ties : leans on unsettled estates, undivided In-
terests in real estate aad legacies; will pur-
chase above securities. Manhattan Loan Co..
Tel. Red 5024: 7th floor. Crocker building.
ANT AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT.
Flirt, eecond and third mortgages.....
Undivided interest In real estate la probate..
Mortgages and legacies bought; no delay....
Oet my terms before doing- business elsewhere
R, McCOLGAN .......
24 Montgomery St.. room 3 ».*
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first.
second and third mortgages, estates In pro-
bate. Interest la estates, 'legacies, undivided
interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile Interests, corporation loans. Room 16.
1st floor. Chronicle big. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
MUNICIPAL Loan Office. 103 Grant ave.. sear
Geary et.; pbone Hed 1603.
HIGHLY resDectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry, at
lowest rate*. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 840
Market Et. ; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third.
ANY emount on furniture, slanos: no removal;
lowest rate; private, confidential. ORMSBY.
Sfi Montgomery St., room 7, opp. Lick House.
(500.000 AT 6 per cent. In sums to suit in city;
(150.000 on large ranches at fair rates; sec*
end mortgs. R. 3. Mercer & Son. 412 Pine.
ON real estate. 1st or 2nd mortgages and on fur-
niture or pianos: no removal; any amount:
lowest rates. BECKER, SB Geary St., room 36.
A PRIVATE party loans any amount on furni-
ture, pianos; no removal; low rates: conflden-
tlal. WHITEHEAD (Wilson's), 1710 Market.
S. F. DISCOUNT AGENCY— Loans to salaried
people on their note.
THE TOUSLEY CO 143 Phelan bldg.
OX fumlttsre, pianos; no removal; money
quick; lowest Interest: easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market ft., room CS.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by private
party: no removal; no commission: confiden-
tial. Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
I'rfvate party; confidential; lowest rates: pianos
& furniture: no removal. Gartheis, 208 Post.
$10 UP en furniture, pianos; no com.; private
party. St. Ann's bldg.. 6 Eddy. rm. 72. 4th fir.
ONE per cent on furniture : $5 a month on each
$1000; any security. 302 Montgomery st.. r. L.
Money loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, r. 44. Merchants' Exc.. 431 California.
CASH loaned salaried people on note without
lndoraer. MORRELL. 609 Examiner bldg.
2% ON furniture and pianos; $15 «p; no re-
moval. Phone Black 1709. Room SL 6 Eddy.
ON furniture, pianos; lowest rate; no removal;
strictly private. LICK. 116 .McAllister st.
IF you wact a home I trill loan you money to
buy It. A. E. RUDELL. 222 Sahsome st.
LOANS money on salary: no Indorser; Eastern
plan.- Western Loan Co.. 309 Phelan- bid*.'
MCSICAI, INSTRUMENTS.
TO close out a few odd styles of^planos~we
have marked the prices down very low, and
you can, while they last, secure a very great
discount on some specially good Instruments.
Some of them have been sent as sample
pianos. The instruments are all right and
as euch fully warranted, but as the expense
cf reshipment would be quite a eum, the
factory is willing to make this sacrifice. We
have also the Decker-Wissner and Bau-
meteters In all style*. Payments If you want
THE ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 763 !
' Market st. -
A — SPECIAL eale and special discounts on 100
standard makes Including: 1 Knabe. $98;
1 Hayr.es. $190; 1 Conover, $215; 2 Chickl-
ing. $185; 1 Heine, $290; 4 Stelnway, $185. i
Kenu, $2 up; installments, $3 up. Over CO00
Heine Pianos are in use in San Francisco
and not one can be had outside of the coml
pany's warerooms. All the leading rausi-
cii-ne use and Indorse .the Heine Piano.
Come soon: eale will close on completion of
the oew Heine Hall, ¦ 235-237 Geary et.
ALTHOUGH many seemingly advantageoui
propositions are offered In the way of. prices
and terms upon pianos, please bear in mind
that we can not only duplicate them, but can
offer exceptionally fine pianos and largest
• RKortment of best makes to choose from.
6HERMAN. CLAY & CO.. Steinwsy dealer*,
cor. Ksarny and fiutter sts.. S. F.; Broad-
»«y and Thirteenth tU.. Oakland.
ATTENTION. BARGAIN-HUNTERS — ~ '
second-hand upright pianos from $55 up.
Second-hand square pianos from $50 up.
Second-hand organs from $26 up; new upright
pianos from $17S up. BENJ. CURTAZ A
fcON 10 to 20 O'Farrell. Chlckertng. Masoa
ana Hamlln. Vose. Sterling pianos.
AN .T.t.F lal 3l, 0 " old bjr w » taken back any time
within 2 yesrs snd full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerlees Knabe. at regular
price; cofts you only 20c a day to buy a
piano from us. KOHLER A CHASE. 30
O Farrell tt.; established IS50.
LUDWIG PianoB— Moi-t popular of all. For sale
only by the Wiley B. Allen Co/. 031 Market
et.. £an Francisco. Agents Chase A Baker
piano players.
AUCTION! AUCTION! AUCTION!
Everything roust co; PIANOS are sMlln«
Jlke hot cakes for rtoraee $40 us WIL-
SON'S STORAGE. 1710 Market st" :
6OHMER & CO. piano*; Byron Mauzy planoi;
rfi ter . P |ano *: Splelmann pianos; Cecillan
il2 l» f ° p >er; plpe organs: 30S, 310.
REAL ESTATE— CITY^— FOR SALE.
SPECK & CO.. 007 Market st.. . '• , '
. "Opp. Kearny St., "Real Estate Agents
' and Kent. Collectors.
'. $58^000 — Geary St.; near Stockton: '<2 front-
ages; no better inside buy; 1JS.. blocks from
Market and Kearny sts. .'. . .
$ 05.000 — Half block from Orpheum, one block ¦
from proposed < Crocker Hotel and ' newv Flood
building: stores and lodging-houses. . .
$40,OUO — Geary-st. corner: lot 87:0x137:0:
very substantial -improvements; rents $255;
pays 7 per cent net.- i ¦ ¦ . - - . ;'.'.
I.W.OOO— McAllister ft.; corner; 85xOS; good
improvements; rents $220. -.
$30,000— Fine business corner; 3 stores and
0 flats: building cost $25,000;' lot C8:0x71;
rents $2450 per '.year. • • * .. ' i
$30.000 — Geary St., near Jones; fine improve-'
ments; rents $170. . . ' . :'
$14,500 — New Jackson-et.: residence, near
Alta Plata; 12 rooms and baths; will easily
rent for ?100. . ¦
$11.000— Modern flats; nearHyde and, Sutter
sts.: rents $90. ' ' . .. '¦ -'
$10,000 — Golden Gate ave. flats; lot 2.:6x
120 feet;- 2- frontages-;- rents_$7t. 60; thls-lsra
bargain.
$tt000 — Rents . $103; lot 60xS0; downtown In-
vestment.
55500— Geary-st. corner; 62 feet frontage;
half of property Improved; a cheap buy. ¦
$5000 — 50 feet frontage; flats; near Sixth st.;
rents $66. " -^ -'- ¦ .'
' RESIDENCES.
$15.000 —^Modern Jackson-st. residence; 12
rooms and baths; rents $100. .
CHOICE UNIMPROVED PROPERTY.
$41.000 — NW. ¦ cor. California and Jones sts. :
110x105: -2 blocks from proposed Fairmount
Hotel;. if Improved according to our plans can
get tenant at $1900 per month.
$35,000—170x160; suitable -for manufacturing
purposes;" 3 frontages; mortgage $26,000; Mis-
sion 6t. ' . - ' . _
$30,000—137 :6xl28; northwest corner Gough
st. ; ' marine and . panoramic view; choice resi-
dence site. ••¦., . ¦ ¦ ¦ •' ' ; _ . '
$15.000— McAllister St.; dose __ to Flllmore;
$5000-^-100x100; 1 block from Golden Gate
Park ¦ ' ' ' ' ¦
$3500— 75x250 feet; Castro-st. corner; thre«
V" SPECK & CO.. «67 Market st.
DESIRABLE REAL ESTATE FOR SALB
¦ BT C. S. CAPP & CO..
REAL E6TATE AGENTS, .
630 Market st.
Dolores st. . east side, 183 feet south of Twen-
ty-third; lot 31x117:6, with 2 fine flats of 6and
7 rooms and bath each, to rear street.-- ¦
Dolores st.. east side, ad joining • above ; lot
30x117:6 to rear street; cars pass. - _ I
FINE EXCELSIOR HOMESTEAD LOTS..'
Lot east line of London St., 150 feet north of
Persia. 150x100. ' ' v '.'
Lot west line of Paris. st.. .150 feet north of
Persia, 150x100;. adjoining above: these' lots
reach through from London st. to Paris; and
are within one block of the Mission-st. road,
and are original lots 3 and 6, block 12: _„.•.-
' - ¦: -ALSO *'
Fine corner lot fronting 150 feet on east line
of Vienna st. by 100 feet on Brazil; also ad-
joining lot 150 feet on Vienna St., with a depth
east of 100 feet, being lots 1 and 2 in block 64.
¦ :-. ALSO ¦
Fine corner lot fron ting < 142 :0 feet on west
line of Munich St.. by 160 feet more or less on
France ave., being lot 5 In- block 80, as per map
of 'Excelsior Homestead.
- . - ¦ ¦ ¦¦ ALSO".: - - •-. : - •• •¦'
Fine large corner lot fronting 500 feet on j
easterly line of • Twenty-ninth . ave. by 120 feet |
on R et.. in block 1004 of the outside -lands.-.'
. » ALSO -
"A foothill farm of 240 acres In. the frostless
belt, five miles from Napa and near -the Napa
Soda Springs; the best bee ranch In the State.
Sold to. close an estate as a. whole - or In
parcels. Bids will be received by C. S. CAPP
& CO.. Real Estate Agents, 630 Market St.. or
PERCTVAL S. KING, Esq.. Court block, Napa
City.. . . '
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.^-.-'
. ¦ 'We excel In Prices 'and Locations. .
$100 to $400— Graded Ocean Boulevard lots;
all bargains; $5 monthly. •• . '. ' ',
$500 to $1000— -Beautiful Sunset lots; splendid
view of Park and Ocean; all graded;. on easy
installments. ¦ .¦<¦, •¦¦..¦...'¦ ; ; . .---..
Bunset branch office. Ninth ave.. near H st.
$400 to $800— Unexcelled Richmond building
Jots; $10 moathly. . • h'r,
$1000. $1760, $2500 to $3500— Modern ' cot-
tages; all . bargains; choice . : locations; easy
terms. • ¦• - > -.. ..-.•..- ...-_ ..,..,-.-;
SOL GETZ & '-, BROTHER, . .,
Room 64, Chronicle building.
1 "I "f ~ ¦ -. ¦ . ' '¦ -/ ii _.-*i
ONLY $250— $250 EACH. ¦ - ¦ . •' .'
$25 DOWN. $5 AND $10 MONTHLY. .
Best purchase In this city. 60 level building
lots; all fenced. - *,"'.'"- : -\-
No grading. Spring Valiey water. . . .
Near Mission st. and electrlo cars, r, - • -.--
Don't miss seeing them to-day. .
Get off corner Mlslson* st.' and Brazil ave.,
walk up to Madrid st. ¦
Mr.' Allen Smith, local" agent. 450 Edin-
burgh St., will show lots Sundays.
.SOL GETZ A BROTHER.
Room 54. Chronicle building.
A. B. BUCKINGHAM. ....... REAL ESTATE
28 Montgomery st., room 11.
Rents collected; full charge taken of property.
$41,000 — Good Investment;' Mission,' nr. Sixth.
$43,600 — Cor. 60-vara: Turk; 3 frontages; fine
location for apartment house, flats,- etc.
$2376 — A snap; north side Clay et., near Lyon;
fine location for- flats.
$17,600 — Three very- stylish new sunny flats, 8
rooms; choice location; rents $150. .
$10,500— Good buy: store and flats; Larkln St.,
near Geary; rents $70. ......
$5250 — Fine 6 and 6 room flats; on Stevenson
St., near. Thirteenth; rent $45. -v : ¦
$1650 — Dirt cheap: NW. corner Sanchez and
Alvarado sts.; 26:6x105 feet. >
HOUSES— SUNSET HEIGHTS— LOTS. •
Installments; Eleventh ave., H and I sts., nr.
entrance Park music stand; cars pass property.
: A. E. BUCKINGHAM, 26 Montgome'ry.'.room
11. Branch office. Sunset. 1215 Ninth ave..
A — . \ WESTERN ADDITION. *
Two -flats and. dwelling; cars pass the. door;
large lot; 51 feet frontage; present rents $42,
. can be increased ;' $1500 cash, balance monthly
installments $39 per month;, the rents will buy
the property. ''.¦:.•.*,¦'
An 'elegant residence on Ashbury Heights;
everything modern and up to date; cars pass
premises: lot 60x106; property In this locality
is.ran.ldly increasing in value. ;
•V, . MISSION RESIDENCE. -
Situated in warm belt. 9 -rooms and bath,
with laree attic, which could be mads into
three' additional rooms or billiard-room at small
expense; house with every convenience; lot 65x
100; must be seen to be appreciated.
As owner Is compelled to leave city will sell
at prices that will Interest you. No agents.
Address Owner, box 4331, Call.,, ...
CHEAPEST HOMES IN SAN FRANCISCO. •.. .
Lovely cottage . of 4 rooms,' chicken house s,
etc.; 2 large lots, 25x125 each; near cars; Will
sell for- value of the lots. ¦ I
Four large ' lots ' ready" for-' building;- adjoin-
ing lots sold for $160 each; will sell these for
$90 each: * . ¦ • v , • " ¦ |
i If you have bargains In property to sell, or
wish to purchase, call or write to . •
THISTLETON. 272 Sadowa. St., , Ocean View.
Phone Cap? 2425. ¦' '¦ ¦¦
JOSEPH STRAUB. .' ..-.i ¦ ¦¦ :¦ '
S50 Market et., corner Stockton.
'¦ Telephone Grant 177.
Real Estate Agent. ; *
¦ ¦¦-•••- Property Bought and Sold.
Rents Collected. ;' '¦'- ¦ •¦¦ • . . . ' -¦ ¦•.
APPRECIATED If seen; elegant sunny mod-
ern house of 0 large rooms and bath; San Jose'.
ave., near Valley St., bet. 28th and 29th;
Guerrero-st. • cars pass door. -. .- .- ¦
POTRKRO house and-- lot 25x100; cheap; 4
rooms ; - $500 - cash. ¦ balance to suit. . Owner,
box 4349. Call of flee. ¦-"• . . - :•:
LARGE cor. i lot, 44x90. 20th and Alabama
¦ Bts. 14 McAllister St.. room 16. .:<;,.,:
PAPERING room walls.. $160;. painting, $1;
whitening. 76c. FAINTER, 316 Golden Gate.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents^ — The Weekly Call,
10 pages. In wrapper for mailing; $1 per year.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS^
_^JaXAMBPA RE AL j^TATB.J^^
$2400 WILL build new modern cottage of 6
rooms; Santa Clara ave.\ near Sherman St.;
lot 37:6x120. J. H. YOUNG, Builder, '1243
Park st. v - ': .¦¦¦-•- ¦¦;::.:: ..^ .„;.
BERKELEy'ADYERTISEMENTS
; " • BERKELEY .' REAL ESTATE. :'{¦ -' :.
NEW 6-room cottage; bath, mantel,. basemtnt;
fewered; corner lot, 40x100; Golden Gate. '-..
'.$1700 — $500 cash; .' balance monthly; 4-room
cottage,' bath; street work • done; /city water;
tcwered: lot 60x130; Ashby ave., near Bcrkelty
train. '>••";.-- - ;. ¦'" ¦•¦ -¦ ••..¦•*¦ •• •* -\ :-,.-
$1750— $550 cash, balance ' flat ¦ loan. : : Pacifla
Home Building, Company, 31) Nevada block,
t-an Francisco. :' : "¦¦' ¦;¦"'•• /.'./.,•;¦-¦
COTTAGE' of 7 rooms and bath: hi»:h base-
¦ ment; esty payments.' MURDOCK; 614 Pine.';
HENRY J. CALLACHER CO.
(Euccessor to Flannagan A Gallaghtr.i '
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr. -
FVNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMXSS.
. 20 Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln BcaooL . ¦
¦ ' ¦ ' Telephon* South 80. ' - '
Mi Olivet Cemetery,
XRAREST, THE CITT.
Office, 916 Market Street.
'. : '. ; '..-•'. • ,- Telephone . Bush 367.
JAMBS McGINN,
Formerly with McGinn Bros..' has opened
new Funeral Parlors at 214 Eddy St.. bet.
Taylor and Jones. Telephone South 078. •
NEW FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS.
Eamual McFadden. 18 'years- manager tor
the United Undertakers'; Association; M. J
McBrearty.' with the same company fo? IS
years: P. ,F.. Green, late with J.-C O'Con-
nor & Co.. have opened new. Funeral P«r- .
,lor» at 1171 Mission »tre«t. b«tw««a »av*nta
and Elehth. Ttlephona South 44. ,- ~ . ."¦
REMOVED!
• McGinn er<os.. ' ••
FUNERAL DI HECTOH.S • and KMBALM.
'ERS. to 22i and 22U McAllister it. . (Kor-
merly of !ll Rdily wt. TpI. South 252.)
NOJICE TO THE PUBLIC.
¦•' On and after April 1, 1002, ths rate of. fare
to .nil ¦ cemeteries by carriage In San - Mate i
County will be six dollars ¦ (? 0) - per carriage.
To funeral • train or electric cars, • four dollars
(|4). • Return .trips. -.two dollars ($2).
Signed : M. . W. . COFFET,- President Hack-'
men's Union. ¦' • ...'• ¦ -•••.
W; ' BRIDGESr .President Carriage ¦ OwnerV,
and Stablemen's Assoclotloo. ,.r ' ,. ;,;. .
i STOCKTON.- 1206— Single ; housekeeping • rooms
- to Ijet. ' $4, . $0. $10 ; gas and stove.
TWO . sunny furnished housekeeping .. rooms,'
with yard. 507 V> .Leaven worth st. - • '
ROOMS TO LET— -Farr*. nnd Unfurn.
A— FREE list furnished rooms to let; with or
' 'without' board;" we save' you .walking, the
' ¦> streets. .Tourist Renting Bureau, 10 Montg'y.
ARQYLE Hotel. 234 McAllister— New> elegant,
sunny; ,70c day upward; rates ' by week : or
month ; McAllister - cars to door ; handsomest
grill room in California attached.'. . , '- ..
A— BRUNSWICK House. 14S Sixth— Rooms,
; 25c to $1 per night; : $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
ALL choice heat sunny suites or [singles; day,
week or. month; bath, phone. • 332 Stockton.
BURNETT.' 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-'
niched rms.. ¦ suites, single ; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD. 204 , Ellt*. cor. . Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
ELLIS. 321- (Mozart)— Nicely furnished rooms,
: 35c, $1 60 night; $1 60. $6 wk.; open all night.
FULTON, 881— Elegant furnlsned front Suite o£
rooms, with bath, modern Improvements. '- .
GEARY. 405 (The Navarre) — Elegantly furnlsh-
ed suites and single; travelers accommodated.
GRAND, SOUTHERN Hotel, 7th and Mission-
Family house; those' requiring a quiet, orderly
-. home at moderate charges; suit, single, clevat.
HARRISON, 1122B — Large sunny bay window
front parlor; folding bed: new and modern
flat; private.- -. ¦ ¦ . .
LARKIN, 901A. cor. Geary — Sunny, front room,
nicely furnished; light housekeeping; '$8.
MARTINET. 1101 GearyJ— Handsome suites;
private baths; newly furnished single rooms.
MINNA, -067. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-; window room, :$1 per week; transient. :
MISSION, 1669 — Front furnished room in pri-
vate family; reference required. .
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015^ Market— Nicely fur-
nished rooms; $2 a week up; 35c a day up.
O'FARRELL, 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
. offices; elevator," dec. lights; day.' week, mo.
O'FARRELL. 279— Bay-window room, first
.- floor; sunny rooms, $160, $2 50 week; house-
keeping, $10 month.
PINE. 900 — Sunny, ¦ corner, handsomely fur-
nished rooms for gentlemen In private family.
PINE, 990 — Elegantly furnished sunny rooms,
I suite or single; in new flat; private family;
centlemen. \ - : \ . s
POST, 821, near Leaven worth — Elegant large
alcove parlor; furnished or unfurnished.- •
ROYAL | House, 126 Ellis — Incandescent light,
reading-room.- smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night, 30c to $1 50; week, $2
to $S; month, $8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; ¦ batb.3.
SEVENTEENTH. 3458, nr. ' Valencia— Sunny
¦ front room; 2 single rooms, 'Just furnished.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 2S Eighth St..
near Market— Furnished - or • unfurnished. ¦
TURK, 543 — Large front* room; grate; gas;
bath; light housekeeping if desired.'
TWELFTH. Ill— Large sunny front room, with
alcove: private family; reas.; phone '& bath.'
Vendome, 1104 Market — Changed hands ; . newly
renovated: furn. suites. • Mrs. V. W. Miller.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
MEREDITH, 218 Turk— Sunny front rooms;
electric lights; hot- and cold water; modern;
' first-class board; reasonable; phone South S20..
CALIFORNIA, SOT (Stevenson Mansion) — Select
- family hotel; exceptional table; popular rates..
JOHNSON. The. 605 .O'Farrell— Nice home;
. good table; spacious grounds; rates moderate.
Lambourne. 420 Eddy — High-class, hotel; furn.
suites and single; steam heat; board optional.
VAN 'NESS, ' 519 — Handsome furnished - sunny
suites, single rooms; first-class table board.
SPECIAL KOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or - country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms' 0-10: tel. • 5580.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, ex.; repairing;
I lowest rates; phone Howard 3264. 145 Sixth.
ALL -kinds bought., sold, .rented, exchanged; re--
pairing; lowest: ratear. Tel. Green 144.i20»»tb.r
STORAGE AND /WAIIEIIOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.,
: office^ Post and Powell" sts. ; tel. Main B713. J »
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Mis-
sion St.; tel. Howard 941.- F.W. ZEHFUSS.-
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 630 Market St.;
tel. Main 1840; 'shipping at cut rates. . '
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
. pany. • 2820 ; Flllmore st.: .phone. Jackson '281.
; TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES. "
GREAT BARGAINS IN^TTPEWRITERS— We
, sell - better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals $3. The Typewriter
Exchange, 536 California; telephone Main 266.
WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co. — Expert
. typewriter doctors : estimate free. 209 Samom>.
MARRIAGE _ LICENSES.
' The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday: - . <
Berton G. Hall, 24, 806 Iowa street; and
Lennora Lowden. 10. 800 Iowa street: • •
John P. McTernan, 20, -Sacramento," and
Louise W. . Schafer, 23. 127B Oak street'.
Christian Skow, 30, 128 V4 Bernard street," and
Emtlle Cordt, 20, 624 Chestnut street. « . •
Alfred Street, 29, Vallejo, and Mathilda HH-
debrand, 18, San Joss. ¦ • ¦ . . •¦- . •. • • I
Joseph Fogerty, 27, 1OC0 Fulton street, • and
Edna F. Smith, 21. 564 Fell street.
• Edward Coffey. 30. 1 239 Ninth street, and
Freda IM. Smith. 19, 1157^4 Folsom street.
Marshall B. Woodworth. 32.- 1712 Larkln
street,, and A. Schrage, 25, 3538
Twenty-tlrst street. .
Joseph A. Freas, 22. 120 Fourth street, and
Mary Oaeng, is. 120 Fourth street. , / ¦
Ai"*' ille Parodi, 38, 309 Broadway, and Mary
Delu> -Ml, ¦ l'J. 5 Bartol street. : ... .
James D. McFarland Jr., 37, 372 Page street,
anl Marie I. J. Baker. 27.\Napa.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
BORN.
DARRIMON — In' this city. March 18. 1902. to
the' wife of Mr. Darrimon, a daughter. ,- '.'
LUTTMANN— In this city, March 25,il902, : tb
•the wife of, William Luttmann, a son.
NICOLAI— In this clty r March 21, 1002, to the
wife of Captain A. Nlcclai, a son. . ;
-, : . ; MARRIEOD. -.-. . :, v
NELLIS-^-REDDY— In this city, March 25,
y 1002, by the Rev. John Stephens, Col borne S.
Nellis and Margaret, A. Reddy. both of San
Francisco. ... . - .
:; ; . ;•,'!. .',.-. DIED.'-;. ¦¦:... .- '
'Andresen, ' Lizzie : A: • HutchinsDn, C. J. ¦
¦ Blythe. "- Georrre ', .' Janls,, Francis. R.
. . Brown, William H. "• Kramer,' Gustave B.
- BuUbach, Edward McHaffle, Theodore
Callahan. William J. ..Manning; Janle
. Campion, 'Albert James J.
Cereghlno, Oabrlele . Nlchola, Sheldon K. ¦
Crow. William E. - ' Peterson, Anna E.'.
Davis, .' Caroline Scott. James C. • . .
.Frenzel,- Erdmann , Smith, Alice ' "' '
Gerberding. Albert Stone, Lydla N. '
Gibson. AVIlllam F.". Sullivan. Frank J. '
• Hawley.' Georee P. Thomsen,' Chris ;
,. ; ; Henderson, .Wm. -. j. .Welby,'. George W.
\ Hossack, Louise . . '¦ • t ¦¦. Wills, ThlrzA G.
ANDRESEN— In Lorin, - Berkeley, March 26.
1002, ~ Lizzie A. ¦ S.," dearly beloved daughter
- : of Mrs. Hedwlg and the late Peter N. An-
: -dresen, and sister of ; Minnie, Ernest, Peter,
Carl and Jacob Andreficn. a native of San
Francisco,', aged - 17 ¦ years , 5 • months .and 3
.. .days. :¦. -.--•¦-'- '. - '.-¦•-,'
-¦'•¦ ¦ (CTFriends and -acquaintances are respect-
fully :¦ invited ; to attend : the - funeral ' Friday,
March 28, at 1:30 o'clock, from the residence
of her- mother, 3032 Ellis. street, Lorin «ta-
' , tlon, ". thence . to Bethlehem Church,': , Mason
, and . Grove streets, where services ? will : be
held, commencing , at 2 o'clock. Interment
.' Mountain View Cemetery, Oakland. • •¦ .,.:¦
BLTTHE^ — In the City and County. Hospital,
March 26,' 1002. George Blythe, a native of
! ; New York, > aged 08 years. ¦ :
BROWN— In this city, .'¦ March' 25/' 1002, - WU-
11am -'-f Henry,~> beloved 'husband r . of ¦ Mabel
, Brown. ' nnd father of ¦ William -, P. i Brown of
• ' New ¦ London, . ' Conn., n y native of Rhode
; Island, aged r 70 , years. -' (Providence,* 1 R. > I.;
and_New London papers please copy.) ' •"•••¦
-' ET Friends. and acquaintances are respect-
fully :lnvlted ¦ to : attend: the funeral 'to-day
(Thursday),. at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors
i of . J. .¦ S. Godeau, ; SOS . Montgomery \ avenue.
'Intel ment i Cypress Lawn Cemetery. ... ¦
BUTZBACH— In this city, March 25, 1902, Ed-
' ward G. Butsbach, . beloved husband of Rose
and i father ' of « Ida; / Eddie. • Leah. - Ole, ' Earl
'.' nnd Hope Butzbach, a native of New»Tork,
aged 41 years ii.mcnths nnd 12 days. '
¦'¦¦¦"' CTFrlends, and acquaintances are respect-
: fully Invited to ¦ attend .the '. funeral ' to-day
(Thursday);, at? 2 o'clock, .from James. Hr-
gar.'s. undertaking'. parlor*,. 445 .Valencia
street.: Interment Laurel. Hill Cemetery. '
EASTER, NOVELTIES. .
107 POWELL ST.iTt^ELUS SSff 505ft
CALLAHAN— In this city,- March 25. 1902.
William 'John, beloved child. of Cornelius and
-.Ellen Callahan, a native of San Francisco,
• aged. 3 days. . -. - -" ¦ ,
CAMPION— In this city, March 26. 1902. Albert
V Campion, a native ot New, Mextso, a»ced 37
' years* and 5 days. ¦'¦ ' ¦•
v O"Remains at Charles J. B. Metzler's un-
• dertaklng parlors,' 636 Washington street. ? •
CEREGHINO— In this city, March 28. 1902,
\ Gabriele Cereehlno. a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 33 years 7. months and 2 days.
CROW— In this city. March 25. 1U02. at 328
, 'Minna street. William E. Crow, dearly be-
[ loved son. of Charles and Mag<>e Crow, a na-
tlva of San Francisco, aged 11- months and
10 days. ¦ _* -" • .
DAVIS— In this city, March 23, 190C. Caroline
• Davis, beloved wife of the late Aaron DavK
and mother of .William and Raphael Davis
ami Mrs. ,- L. Harris, a native of Germany,
¦ aged CO years 11 months and 7 days. ¦
CTFrlends and acquaintances are- respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock.- from her late resi-
dence. 525A . Ivy avenue, between Octavl.i
and Lajruna . streets, and thence by. 11:30
o'clock train to Hills of Eternity Cemetery
for interment. ¦ . .
FRENZEL— In Berkeley. March 26, 1902, Erd-
mann August, husband of Lily, .and father
of F. Herbert and Erdmann A. Frenzel. a na-
tive of Germany, aged 48 years 3 months
. and 3 'days. ' •
E7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from Masonic Hall.
, Berkeley., under the auspices of Durant
Lodge No.. 268, F. and A. M.; Interment pri-
vate.
GERBERDING— In Santa Barbara. March 26.
1902, Albert Gerberdlng, a native of Ban
. Francisco, aged 51 years. , ,
ICT Notice of funeral later.' - •' *' •
GIBSON — In this city, March 25, 1902. Wll-
'. Ham F. Gibson, beloved husband of Caroline
S. Gibson, son of Mrs. E. C. Gibson and the
late Rev. Otis Gibson, D.D., and brother of
Mrs. G.H. Martin, aged 46 years". ¦
- E7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited tj attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock," from his late
residence. 912 Dolores street, between Twen-
ty-second aad Twenty-third. Please omit
flowers.
HAWLEY— In San Mateo. March 26,' 1902
George ' P.. beloved husband of Mary H.
. Hawley, and stepfather of Mrs. Margaret
Beves, a native of Scotland.
E7"Fr!ends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Friday. March 28. 1902. at his late resi-
dence In San Mateo. Cal. % Bus. meets 11:30
o'clock train' from San Francisco.
HENDERSON— In . this city. March 24. 1002.
William Henderson, a member .of Pacific Tent
No. 64, K.\ O. T. M. and British- American
Union, a native of England, aged 62 years.
IC7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
. fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock." from the parlors of
the California Undertaking Company, 405
Powell . street, near Post. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery by 3 :30 j train fjom Third
! and Townsend streets.
HOSSACK— In this city.\March 26* 1902.' Lou-
ise Hossack. relict of the late Charles D.
Hossack. and beloved mother of Mrs.- A. J.
Maitland, Mrs. C. Finayson, Mrs. Charles
H. "Maass and Hugh Hossack, a native- of
Edinburgh, Scotland, aged 71 years 1 month
and 27 days. ' • -
E7 1 Remains at the funeral parlors of H. F.:
Maass, 917 Mission street.
HUTCHINSON— In this city. March 26. 1902.
Christopher J. Hutchinson, beloved father of
Charles Christopher and Maude Hutchinson.
a native of Providence, R. I., aged 48 years
10 months and 24 days. : -
E^Notlce of funeral hereafter.
JANIS— In Oakland. March 26. 1902. Francis
R. Janls. father of J. E. Janis. a native of
- Missouri, aged 79 years and 6 months. .
KRAMER — In this cllfy,' March 25. 1902, Gus-
tave Bernard Kramer, dearly . beloved' hus-
band of Philippine Kramer, a native of Prus-
sia, Germany, aged 79 years 4 mont'hs and 7
days. . •-.;¦¦¦ ¦-:¦¦ ¦ ¦- ¦ ;¦ .• ¦-,. i
- £7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2:30 o'clock.; from his late resi-
: dence, 620 Locust avenue, oft Laguna street.
¦: Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery. -•¦ :
McHAFFIE— In this "city, March 26. 1902, 1
Theodore Bradford, beloved son of Miles L.
and Rozina A. McHaffle, and brother of Gil-
bert L. and George W. McHaffle. a native
. of San Francisco, aged 2 months.
MANNING — In this city, March 25. 1902.
Janle, beloved ' wife of James Mannliur, and
daughter of Cormick McManus, a native of
San Francisco, aged 29 years 4 months and
JG days.
C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resl-
. dence, 750 Capp street. . Interment Holy
¦ Cross Cemetery. . Please omjt flowers. '.' ..\
MOLLISON— In this city, „• March- 25, .'-1902,
; James J. Molllson. brother of the late "WH-
! Ham and John -G. Mollison, and , brotber-ln-
, laws of Mrs. H. S. . MoHlson.. a .na,Uv«. of
England, aged 46 years and 25 days.
¦ (nT Notice of funeral hereafter. ':¦¦'¦- .
NICHOLS — In this city. March 26, 1902, Shel-
- don K.' Nichols, brother-in-law of Lewis
Gregory.' and uncle of H. C. Gregory and
Alice E. G. Bush, a native of Connecticut,
aged 85 years and 5 months.
PETERSON— In - this ~city^ : ' March'- 26; 1902.
Anna, Elizabeth, dearly beloved daughter of
Pehr ¦ and Christine Peterson, a native of
San Francisco, ag-ed » months and 14 days.
¦ upr Funeral from 177- Perry street at- 1
o'clock Friday." - ¦• . '
SCOTT— In Alameda,' March 25, 1902, at 1510
Benton street, James C. Scott, beloved hus-
band of Maggie Scott, and. father -of. ; Esther
• B, and^ Susan., Scott and lira. J. 'Robertson,
, a native of Scotland, ajced 52 years .8 mo&thi
and 24 -days. . ' .. , ;. '....,, ~.;\ ;,, , ;
(Cy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Thursday.
•March 27. at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1516 Benton street. - thence to Moun-
tain View Cemetery, where the services will
be concluded by the Noe Valley Lodge No.
185. A. O. U. W. '
SMITH — In this city; March 24, 1902. at the
home of her parents. 1115 Castro street.
Alice, daughter .of James and Mary Smith.
a native of Ohio.
ET Friends and acquaintances are respect-
: fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, thence to St. James Church. Guerrero
¦ and Twenty-third - streets, for services at
-10:30 o'clock. Interment Holy .Cross Ccme-
¦ tery,- by electric funeral car. - ¦• .-> r ¦¦» -• j :
STONE— In this " city, March 26, . 1902, Lydla
N. Stone, beloved. sister of Mrs. G. B. Bald-
• win. Charles \V. Glidden, Benjamin GHddsn
and Eucene F. Glidden. a native of Marys-
ville. *, . • . •- •
1 C^Remalns at- her " late residence. 493
Geary street. Interment at Marysville Fri-
day. - • ¦ ...-.» -.
SULLIVAN— In this city. March 25. 1902
. Frank J., beloved husband of Maud Sullivan
father of Lily, and Francis. Sullivan, and
brother of Thomas Sullivan. Mrs. J. Keneally
and Mrs. D. Dowd. a native of San Francisco
aged 22 years 9 .nonths. and 21 days.
(E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the ; funeral to-day
¦ (Thursday), at 12:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 273 Dore street, thence to St.
..Joseph's Church- for services. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. ..-•¦ ..
THOMSEN — In this city. March 17, 1902
Chris, beloved son of Thomsan and Caroline
Thomsen. and brother of Niels Thomsen. a
; natlv6 of Denmark, aged 56 years. A mem-
ber of . Master ' Mariners' - Association and
Brlckhandlers' Union.
E7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock. . from .the parlors of
the' United Undertakers, 27 -and 29 Fifth
street. Ini -ment Laurel ; Hill Cemetery.
WELBY— In this city. March 25. 1002. George
:W., oldest and beloved son of Charles >W
and Elizabeth" E. Welby, and brother at
MrB. A. H. Powers Jr. and Charles F
Reuben S.. Dorothy R. and Harry C. Welby
a native of ¦¦ Omro, Wls., aged 29 years 7
months and 7 days. . -' . -
E7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Friday at
1 o'clock, from his late residence. 875 Church
street. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
WILLS— In Oakland. March . 26, 1902. at her
residence. -422 Forty-ninth street. . Thlrza
Goyne, beloved wife of ' Rev. ¦ J. • T. Wills.
D.D.. and mother of Mrs. A. W. S. Smith.
• a native of England, aged 62 years. •¦--"-¦¦ . The "Mayor c/nnot remove an official without
cause, nor can.' he oust any one -without due
notice. Without discussing the position of the
Mayor. relative' to bubonic plague, which was
here and which. was stamped out by the very
methods 'we adopted and which now furnish
Dr. J. , M. .Williamson, president of the
old board, declares that he and his asso
ciates will battle- hard for. their rights.
He says the investigation of the. Mayor
was no investigation at all. Resuming,
he. said: • r < - ¦ ¦
Old Board Will Not Surrender.
bubonic : plague actually exlited here. The
blflckade of Chinatown was ¦ a I farce which in
lUelf was sufficient cause for th« removal of
any official engaged In it. ,
The law la on my side. I exercised, my
power'under the provisions of the charter. I
realized' that If my intention were suspected
the aid of the courts would be Invoked to pre
vent the removal of the offending- officials. I
therefore, made my,, investigations 'quietly and
when I was certain of my ground I acted. The
new Board of Health Is the legal body. The
members met and formally organised and will
transact its business. - The old board may. meet
In the meanwhile, but any action it may take
will be clearly Illegal- I have no fear of tho
result. The -people are with- me and that Is
sufficient to justify, mycourse.
Preflidint E. H. Harrlman of the South
ern Pacific- Company • showed yesterday,
that he was strictly, a. business man and
that there was no sentiment in his make
up. The Pacific Transfer Company,
which has held the checking baggage
contract for tho company for the >, Jag e
twenty-seven yearn, ,,hu» not. had; its
lucrative agreement renewed.' The Union
Transfer Company of this city has Be-,
cured the contract, which will commence
May 1 and last nve years.
The , Union Transfer "Company was
aware of the fact that the Pacific Trans
fer, Company's contract would expire on
May 1, and it accordingly, put in a bid.
The former company's bid. was the high
est, and Harriman instructed the pas
sengrer traffic department tc^ award the
contract to the; Union.- « ¦ ,
Monopoly It Has? Enjoyed
for Many Years , Goes • j
to the Union. - y ; \
Pacific Transfer Gom
p any Loses a Valu
,'¦ able Privilege. ;
HIGHES T BIDDER
GETS CONTRACT
THE ' ( summary removal by ¦ Mayor
Schrhitz of. the gentlemen compos-
Ing tho, Board of Health and the
appointments of four phyniclan
'¦• as - their .* successors ' • will /be
reviewed by the courts. ? A sweeping In
junction was Issued: by Judge Cook early
yesterday morrtlnff' restraining; the new
appointees , from performing tho duties of
their office or, from in any way interfering
with the health employes until the legality
of Mayor, Schmltz's act has been Judicial
ly determined. . . ' , .
The city stand* In the anomalous posi
tion of having .'two Boards of Health in
office. Under the/ injunction, the old
board will continue to do business at the
old stand until /the issue raised has been
adjudicated.,'. The!" members' of the new
board, relying upon * the advice of their
attorneys, insist' upon , their /{right'' to
servo tho city, and 'they state' their inten
tion to begin the immediate discharge of
their j official duties. They claim that the
power ,' of the Mayor to remove the old
board Is unquestioned, except by the per
sons at Interest, and that the courts will
so decido when tho injunction proceedings
arc heard, •
'The 'application for an injunction/ was
prepared by Attorneys McEnerney and
Gavin , McNab on the complaint of Dr.
Vincent P.- Buckley, a member of the de
posed board.- It was brought against the
Mayor, his attorney, 'A. Ruef, and Dn».
James M. -Ward, T. A. Rottanzl, J. C.
Htlnson, M. K.Van Meter und A. 8. Adlcr.
After reciting: the action of the Mayorsln
removing the members of the' Board, of
Health, tho pliiinti re asserts that the
charge upon which the action was bas3d,
namely, that the plaintiffs caused rumors
to be circulated that there existed bubonic
plague, In this city V in March, 1900, wu.8
untrue. It. was further alleged that the
plaintiffs were removed from office' with
out notice that the said charges were be
ing investigated, and without being given
an opportunity to present testimony In
controverslon of "the* charges. Another
point made was 'that' the new members
were appointed, without. due notice being
given the plaintiff. .
Sweeping Injunction Issued
On reading the complaint, Judge Cook
issued "the- following order, which was
served upon the new appointees, and
Mayor Schmltz before 10 o'clock:
'. It". l»' hereby ordered '¦ that the defendants,
and each and all of them, their and each of
their agents, attorneys, counselors, solicitors,
servants and employes be and they are hereby
enjoined and 'restrained until the further order
of this court in the premises from In any man
ner interfering with,. opposing, resisting 1 or pre
venting the' plaintiffs and each and. all of .them
from discharging the official duties of a mem
ber of the Board of Health of the city and
county of -San Francisco, or from in any man
ner intruding in or upon said offices of mem
bers of the Board of Health of the city and
cpunty of San Francisco to which the plain
tiffs have been hitherto appointed and in which
they have been hitherto in the undisturbed and
undisputed possession, and from in any manner
barring, . obstructing , or interfering with the
rooms and. of flees set apart in the 'City Hall
of, the, ctty and county of San Francisco for
the use. and occupation of the Board of Health,
and from In any.' manner opposing, resisting,
preventing or interfering with the plaintiffs
entering into . and upon the said rooms and
offices, or any of them, or from the discharge
of their official duties as such members of the
Board of Health;- and to desist and refrain
from occupying or remaining • in any of the
rooms or offices \ set apart for the use of the
Board of. Health, or in any manner. Interfering
with the possession of said offices by the plain
tiffs herein. '. > ¦ - *
It is further., ordered .that the defendants,
and all, of them, desist and refrain from Inter
fering 'with. -the. archives, furniture., books,
records and papers of the Board of Health' of
the city and county of San Francisco or the
possession thereof by the plaintiffs In their ca
pacity as members of the Board of Health of
the city and county of fin n Francisco.
And that they are restrained and enjoined,
and each of them is ' rtptralned and enjoined,
from in anywise interfering with or molesting
any of the employes of said' Board, of 'Health,
or In molesting or disturbing or harassing any
of the. plaintiff h or any of the employes of said
Hoard .of Health In the performance or dls
chnrgp of »ny of' their duties. or at all, or from
molesting or In any manner annoying or harass
ing nny of the employes of said Board ¦ of
Health In performing, currying out or execut
ing nny of the orders of nnld Hoard of Health,
and from. Intruding 'themselveo 'Into the rooms
or offlcoH of said Hoard of Health.
Tho Mnynr'H appolntfcs met: In his prl
vntn ofHco Boon after thfl Injunction was
(llffl and formally .'convened -'.with Tf.
HtliiHiiu in the chair. Mayor Bchmltz an
nounced thnt he had been ndvlsod nt tho
JHHiianco of tho Injunction, nnd ho hart
scarcely mado tho suitnmont whrn the
pnporn worn formally nerved upon him,
h« well as nil thoHtj present. ' The matter
whh Informnlly discussed, and It wuh
agreed to Hflrht tho cnno'to thn bitter end.
No other hiiMlncxM , wns trannucted and
tho mooting adjourned,
Appointees Hold a Conference.
Tho Injunction proceedings will bn heard
by Juflgo BlOHH, tn whoNf dppnrtmont they
wore nHslgrned by -PrRnldlnir Jud«o Cook.
No tlmo In specified when thft order sh.ill
be, returned, but under tho Ihw a demur
rer to tho pomplnlnt. may bo filed within
ten rtnvH. Tho Mnyor nnd his appointee
wcro In cotiHiiltiitlfin with their roBpectlvo
attorneys durlnjy • tho day and nrrnnRe
montu wore mado for bringing the matter
to an iHsue. It Is expected by Mayor
Schmitz that a demurrer will be filed to
morrow.
Mayor. Schmltz hnd little to say relative
tn< the .-litigation." He contended that his
action wns legnl and' expressed- tho con
viction that It would be sustained by the
court. 'Resuming,, ho'nald:
We shall contest the injunction In the belief
that, our contention ; will be nustalnwl. I re
moved the Board of Health because of.the In
competency of tho members, • which was- dem
onstrated by their course during the. bubonic
plague excitement. I • made a careful investi
gation of the facts and found that at a recent
date the board causpd pamphlets to b« clrcu
lated In which It wa< positively asserted that
Those Who Were Removed Front their Positions as Members of the Board
of Health Apply to Judge Who Issues an Injunction Restrain
ing All Interference Until Legality of the Act of Removal Is Determined
DOCTORS DECIDE TO CONTEST THE ACTION
OF MAYOR SCHMITZ AND INVOKE THE LAW
THE SAN FRANCISCP GALL, THURSDAY* MARCH 27; 1902.
Insulter of Ladies Punished.
A. , Elchorn was convtcted by ' Judiro
Fritas yesterday 'of the charge 1 of dis
turbing the peace, and , wan sentenced tn
Berve thirty days in the County SStl j .
insulted three : ladles > on Broad way Tues
day afternoon- H 8 defense wn«T th« ¦ £l
mistook, them (or.- three of .hi* " icSdl
United States Circuit Judge Morrow yes
terday : heard the final arguments in the
case of A. D. Moore vs. the Bank of Tlrit
lsh:Columbia. The suit , was brought bv
Moore as executor of the estate of Fran
cis Moore, deceased, to recover 5000 shar»^
ot stock of. the Sanger •Lumber'*CotS*
jiany. The case will be decided .«t an car-
Moore : Case Is Closed.
.¦ Floor " committee— D F. Hurley. E J Bell
man. Al Henry. A/ Llebscher. J. Glnocchm
G.- B. Bell. Austin .Welsh, J. W. Jones r> B*
Dwyer. William Snvder. George Gassman John
McNauathton. - C.- P. McSw^dens. William l"
Hcl^od and.M. J. O'Donnell. ' ,, ¦ ** #
¦ Rt-ception committee— H. J. Caveney. Georre
J. Asmui-sen. F. Isaacs. E. N. Brown F K
Jackson. Charles E. Barb'er, A. Springer, i .j"
Coffey. T. V. Krolm, Charles Levy. • A. " M*
Wapple. C. E. Jackson. Frank Sullivan. Oscar
Schutt. Joseph A. Fealey. F. A. Macready and
A." R. ' Imbrie.
¦¦ Committee In charge — Chairman James IS.
Power; treasurer. K. L,. Apple; secretary. A;
S.'.J... Woods; financial secretary. William" E.
Murphy. <3*££irfmpHW
. A.plcnSc and reunion will be given by
the San Francisco Branch of the United
National Association of Postofflce Clerks
at Schuetzen Park. April 6.. The arrange
ments for the affair have been left to the
following committees: ~~r~
a Picnic and Reunion at Schuet
.. zen Park.
Postofflce Clerks Preparing to Hold
MAKING ARRANGEMENTS
FOB. A DAY OF ENJOYMENT
Assistant General Passenger Agent
James HorsburghJr. of the Southern Pa
cific says that he expects that the second
class travel will be much "larger next
month than during March.
. .With a "home-«eekers' " ticket, passen
gers aro allowed stop-over privileges at
any point. .With the colonist rate eml-
Kruntn are allowed to debark from the
train and look over the country at the fol
lowing points: »
Auburn, Sacramento. MarVsvllle, Chlco. lied
Eluff, Woodland, Redding. Willows. Corning,
Stockton. Turlock, Merced. Fresno, .Klnirsbury,
Ooshan Junction. Hanford, Bakentfleld. Lan.
caster San Jose. Salinas, Paso Robtes. 3an
Luis Obispo. Surf, Santa Barbara. San Buena
Ventura, Pomona, Ontario.' Colton, San lier
narrllno and Orance, .
- During tho montks of March and April
oolonlHt tickets are sold dally, owing to
Passenger Trulllc Manager E. O. McOor
mlck's energetic efforts. The "home-
Beckers' " lt>w rate took effect during the
name months, but tickets are only sold in
tho Knbt. on tho first and third Tuesdays
In cho month.
From March 1 to 22,. silt? second ' class
tickets from thn Cast to California were
sold. Of these 4266 were. Hold to colonists.
Owlns to tho low rate* existing,' tlje
BGcond clans travel' to California from the
East has been enormous vinco the first of
this month. The influx was 20 per cent
Kivnter than (luring tho same period last
year. ,
Twenty Per Cent More
Tickets Sold Than
Ladt Year.
LARGE INCREASE
IN IMMIGRATION
The old board 1 will meet .'at 11 o'clock
this morning for the transaction of busi
ness. The newly appointed officials- will
not be present nor will anything: unusual
transpire at the gathering. All realize
that the contention must be decided by
the courts, and until this Is done the peace
will prevails The members of the. new
board will meet from time to time In
order that their rights and privileges may
not lapse because of their neglect of this
formality.
the Mayor a reason for our removal. I will gay
that In any case. we should have .been served
with notice that an Investigation -was. in pro
gress and been given an opportunity of making
a defense. The failure of the Mayor to do
tbis renders his action void, and I believe the
court .will so hold. Until tha Issue U decided
we, will regain possession of; the office and Its
appurtenances. .The staff of employes will not
recognize the new appointees, v ,:r j.-.;
The- will: of . tho late Mrs. Ellen Ada
Ridley ' was filed for I probate yesterday.
She leaves her "entire estate, which is
worth about $2500/ to Frank R.Nevill. Her
,will Is olographlc ; and is very ' peculiarly
written. A feature of the . document t Is
the clause in which she refers > to \ her
relatives. She directs that her body - be
cremated and that the expense connected
with the ceremony be defrayed , f rom . the
Hale . of : stock she heldMn the- Cypress
Lawn J Cemetery . Aasoclatlbn. v Tho last
clause: In the will, is as follows: ."Don't
let my sister have anything -or, do any
thing. Bo sure you. see to that 'and 'don't
let. any one . know anything of . my. stock,"
Peculiar Will Is Filed.
/ D.A. Socci, a resident of Manila- and at
present In this city, is at last In full pos
session of his twoValued canvases, which
were, held by the Custom-house officials
of San. Francisco until a bond of $8200 was
furnished by "Walter M. Castle' arid, Wil
liam H. Wolf on condition that" Socci re
turn the pictures to the United States cus
toms within six months or pay the duty.
And it Is on this duty demand that Socci
is disturbed. He brought the. pictures
here from Manila, which he contends is
United States, territory, and therefore 'he
says, a" duty should not be exacted
The pictures • are massively 1 large, one
measuring about forty-five feet in length
and eighteen feet in height,: the i smaller
canvas measuring . fifteen feet ' in ' length
and nine feet in height. •
The artist, a : young Filipino, received
his art education in the "schools of Eu
rope and has achieved a remarkable suc
cess in his ; portraiture of , American sol
diers In Manila at the time of the v war.
He presents them, in all their daring and
also records with his able - brush . the
humanitarian side of the .United < States
officer, and soldier — Indeed, the j war-time
theme Is > eclipsed * by the human s feeling
and pathos in the whole treatment of the
BUbjects.TBtainBtfWMtfMfi
Which Prove to Bo Works > of
Human Interest.
Socci Gets Possession of War Pictures
CUSTOM-HOUSE. RELEASES
PAINTINGS ON BONDS
Ijowtt ntM fr>r movln*. packing, fhlpplnu
«.nd etorln*. Fee U. V. and 8. Co., »S.1O Market.*
PARISHIONERS PRESENT
CLERGYMAN WITH PURSE
Ilevj. M. P. Ryan of St. Brigid's
Church Iteceives Substantial Tes
timonial From Congregation.
A purso of $1000 wan presented to thn
Hgv. M. r. Hyan by tho parishioners of
St. Drlgld'M parish Tuesduy night. an, a
token of the usteem In which ho in hHd
by them. Tho presentation was In thn
naturu of n. farewell teMtlmonlul, as Father
Ryan In about to nsMumn charge of tho
new parish of St. Vincent do Paul,
The pr*>n«»ntatlGn won made nt the paro
chial r«-sldenci«, 2174 Flllmore street. Dr.
T, I* Mahoncy delivered (ho presentation
»<pM>eh. Tho committee In chanro of !ha
presentation connlated of Dr, T.-. L. Mti
honey .(chnlrman). John Duffy (secre
tary*. William O'iVHI. TCdward Convey,
James Toohy. Kdward O'Connor, Dennis
Mahoney, Jnitics K^ntzel, Frank Colllgan
and. Mr, nillnnge.
Adams' Sarsaparilla Pills.
fiprln* m«ilrini» to purify th* hlood, Cnniti
ration, nillouKnrnR, Kick Headache*; JOc, 23c. •
Says Vitriol Was Thrown at Her.
Mrs. J. S. G. Gordon, 110 Blxth street,
made a statement at-poMco headquarters
yesterday that two unknown men had
thrown vitriol into her, face last Thurs
day night on Powell street. Them were
no marks on her face, and the conclu
sion was arrived at that she was labor
ing under a delusion. She has been sep
arated from her husband, a cigar deaier
in Seattle, for more than a year, and she
claims that while she was there he tr'ed
to get her committed to an insane, aay
lum. /
Business men congregate at Cafe Zin>
kand for lunch. Good service. *
WANT CITY TO PAY THE
PBEMIUM ON THEIB BONDS
Officials A tic Attorney Lane to Advise
if Appropriation May Do Mndo
for Purpose.
Th<» various city official* hHd a meet-
Ing yrnUTdny flftfrnoon In th/» Mayor'n
©flic* for the purpose of urging the Board
of 8iH><*rvlt>nrH to mnko provision In tha
next tax budget 1o pny the premiums on
their official bond*. They consider It a
hordrhlp to bo ••ompellpd to pay a largn
proportion of thfir Hularlon to a surety
company.
The chief suffrrfr in " this regard In
Treasurer MoPougald. who pays $1000
yearly as prrmlum on his bond of $100,000,
Th« rates have hern Jnrrensed 100 per
cent by th*» guaranty companies, which
have made a combination for the purpose
of protecting themselves.
. In his Inaugural message Mayor Schmltz
recommended that the bond of the Cltv
Treasurer be increased to $203,000. whir-h
would make McDougald's premium $2000.
or Just half of his annual salary. The
Mayor, however, recommended that the
city pay the additional $1000. A similar
recommendation was made in regard to
increasing the Tax Collector's bond from
$50,000 to $100,000.
McDougald argued that as the city Im
posed the bond it should pay the prein
.lum, the same as is done by large busi
ness houses who bond their employes
After a long discussion It was decided
that Mayor Schmltz formulate a request
to the City Attorney asking for his opin
ion as to whether an appropriation may
be made In the tax budget to pay the
premiums on the bonds.
Public Library Expenses.
The trustees of the Public Library esti
mate that they will require $65,500 to con
duct the library during, the next fiscal
year. Of this amount $36,000 is for sal
aries, $10,000 for new books and $2500 to
rebind old books.
Thomas A: Riggs is suing for an annul
ment of his marriage to Etta S. RlggB.
which was solemnized at Oakland, Jan
uary 22 of this year. He alleges that she
has another husband living.
Frances "Welngarten Is suing Leon
Welngarten for divorce on the grounds of
cruelty and failure to provide. She al
leges that ho has frequently struck her
and that for the last year ho has taken
the money she earned as a waistmaker to
play the races. They were married two.
years ago and live at 433 Ivy avenue.
Cora B. Engel, in a suit for divorce tiled
yesterday, charges Frederick Engel with
cruelly beating her. 'She alleges that
while they were living at . allejo last year
he beat and choked her and applied to 'her
vile and ttlthy epithets, 'ihey were mar
ried in July, 1S95.
Blanche L. Asbury, who was married to
Harvey N. Asbury, at Kansas City. Mo.,
in 1899, filed a suit for divorce yesterday,
alleging desertion. She charges that he
deserted her in December, 1900. Her
maiden name was Blanche Standard.
Arthur J: Knox is suing Alice Knox for
divorce for desertion. They were married
Jn August, 1900. According to Knox's
compiiint, his wife left within a month
after the wedding. They have one child.
Divorces were granted yesterday to
Florence F. Tilton from Charles Tllton
for desertion and F. B. Hazenfrom Mario
P. Hazen. for desertion.
Chua Fee, a Chinese, who was convicted
by a jury in Judge Cook's court Tuesday
on a charge of assault with a deadly
weapon, was sentenced yesterday to pay
a line of $1200, with the alternative of COO
days in the County jaii. He tired two
phots at Chew Dun on Washington street.
January ]4. neither of which took effect,
lie waH arrested on a charge of assault
to murder.
Antone Yclllck was convicted by a Jury
In Judge AJunne'n court yesterday after
noon of a charge of robbery and Will b-s
ftcntenccd 8aturda>\ Ho and Mary Hol
rian. a colored woman, held up John
Strom on November 14 und took $13 23
from Mm. TIjp woman pleaded * ftullty
Alnnriny to a charge of irrnnd larceny anil
will also hf ncntencod Saturdny.
Orin Ucan also pleaded guilty to three
charge*; of burglary and a charge of
grand larceny before Judge Cook and wiil
i;e sentenced Saturday. He broke into pi
rate iK>tels at 1001 Sutter street, 711 Jones
Street and 4il€ 6utter street and stole $249
on December 22 from Mrs Lizzie J. Bur
son of the Wilmot, 728 Sutter street.
Johu Nolan pleaded guilty in Judge
Lawlor's court ti a charge of attempt to
commit burglary' and, ne he waived time
lor sentence, the Judge gave him two and
a half years in Folsom penitentiary. Ho
attempted to break into a plumber's shop
et 48 ssnear street.
Edward Edminster, the shoemaker who
committed numerous burglaries In the
Mission and was held to answer on seven
charges, withdrew his plea, of not guilty
In Judge Cook's court yesterday and
pleaded gruilty. On that account the Dis
trict Attorney withdrew a prior convic
tion it pal ntt him. He will be sentenced
Saturday. "If the prior corviction had not
Leeri withdrawn and he had been con
victed on .the seven charges the lowest
sentence the Judge could have imposed
upon trim wouid have been 77 years.
Mrs. Weingarten Asks for
Divorce From Cruel
Husband; U^
Edminster, the House
breaking Shoemaker,
Among Number.
GAMBLES AWAY
WIFE'S INCOME
BURGLARS ENTER
PLEA OF GUILTY
Floor manager, J. E. Mlln; assistant Hoor
rnancgers— J. P. Qulgley, Julius Frankel. N.
L. Theobalds. A. C. Kull. Hermann FehJ.
Joreph Therlot.>H. Marquard, J. F. Rltter K
J. Blennerhasa<jtt. D. Dlrnbaum, Fred Straub'
T. Tomlnski. J. H. Jansen, T. Gainsford.
Panning committee— William II. ThornVey
(chairman), J). Foley, If. C. l'lnkler, Kuiff>n«
Keller. A. Reett. A. C. Hauer. Wllllnm Mur.
rny, J. .jr. Wlodemayer, J, C. Kelly. H. t
Urown. H. C. Bwlft. J. Proll, John I^pnUt, R.
K. Tooker, J. A. Dullp. O. H. Brunner, P.
Qulnn, W. • K. Henry, William Bowers. N. P
Uraoh. L. Rich, James O'Conner. William
Alexander. Samuel Nix, Philip Trezese T W
llobinett. ¦ ¦ i ' ¦
Itanqupt committee— Mendamcs Kitty ' U.
Jone*. chairman : H. C. Flnkler, IlntlnMoldrup,
N. V. Ura«h, H. Hhaft, It. 8. Blennerhasaot,
N. L. TheodbaldB. Veitlna Htgan, D. J, <'<>nk
ley, It. K. Dlckfnion, Charleo 11, Mouther, Htun
ley Bhcrwood, Dora Kuchs, J. K. KutherfoM,
It. C. Potit»enb<«rB. A. Htreckcr, J. Therlot,
Wllllnm itowers, John M. Wlntcm, Irmu. Lin*
«l»-n Tlldfn; th« Mlnnsii Kiithfr MnrrlH, FrrtLi
Mnr«junr<l. Henrietta Oeeti. Elsie Tooker, M«y
Hnurr, May Thlehnld, i Flora ¦ Meailowcrort,
<l«rtlo Untipr. Munilo O'Urlw, Oeniil Meadow
croft, Kdlth KIIIh, Annie O'Hrlen..Kinnm llobN
nrtt, Allc« Hunn. F. Cantwell, Maud Thenlmld,
Kote P'llrlrn, Lena n*et«, May Meiidowcroft,
M»»nh Cullen. Allff Mchmldt, Amelia Wultcr
Nellie WiiInIi, r«ullni< ISaurr. >
lc« cr*nm commltlp#- — Mrndnmrg Kmjna Hnr
rlnifton ithftlrmsn), George H, MaklKton, D.
Foley, R. Keller, J. J. WmIhIi. J. \i, Cl»rk, K,
Onx, ..J1..L. Hoff, P. Oulnn, J. 13. Mlln, \VI|.
llam Alexander, J', C })\m; Oeotcn Wuli> a
CCInro. A. <-'. Kull, J. It. Colo, William Hell
M, Thnobnld, B. Meyar, T. A. FleUhaucr. .1,
.Inrkdrn, J. A. Dullp, C. V. Lincoln, M. J.
Jolinnun; 8. K. Tooker, II. I'eht, l'hlllp Treae»e,
T. W. Itoblnett, C. J. Cheeny, William H
Mitchell. A. K. Hnmervlll», K. Keller, Otto
Hrunntr, W. P. AiiKelo, J. y. Hitter, R. A. D.
Jones; the MlN*eti M. <.*ullen, D. Qulgley. Mnrlou
Hurt, Klorencn Harrington, Tes«l*» Nledermiinn.
A. Moegllng, Emma Hrhmidt, a. Gllllgan. May
Qulnn, Gertie Ronemnn<1. Helda Jones,
Entertainment committee — 11. Keller, chair
man; J. A. Rutherford, Charles Frankel, M.
Hogan, Herman Morris, H. L. HofC, John Ma
son, J. A. Clare, Samuel lllggenbottOM> Ru
dolph Marquard, W. M. Hanchett, Charlea 1(.
Cushman, W. P. Pilmer, M. J, Johnson,' J.
R. Cole. Sidney Hunn, Profennor Louis Hol*.
William II. Mitchell, A. K. Homcrvllle. ¦
Executive committee — Edward Ewald, . chair
man; D. Foley, K. Keller, C. G. Larsen, Wil
liam II. Thornley, O. F. Lincoln, W. P. Angelo.
Decoration committee — George H. Maklnsou,
chairman; J. J. Walsh, William A. Hoyt, : It.
M. Webb. E. Cox, William Meadowcroft, J.
K. Clark, B. B. Hallett, P. Cullen; James Rey
nolds, C. Stahl. A. Hartman, H. Cullen, P.
Roy. William Bell. Charles Qulgley, Frank
Sullivan, George Schmidt.
Reception ' committee — C. O. Lersen, chair
man;. William 11. Jones, C. V. Lincoln, Philip
J. Plex, C. J. Cheeny, C. ri. Souther, A.
Cleary. W. W. Allen Jr., W. P. Angelo, Wil
liam K. Grant, 11. Muldrup, H. a., D. Jonen,
L. n. Cleve, Charles A. David. Stanley Sher
wood, C. N. Jansen, George Wale, A. Strecker,
J. JackRon. Dr. li. Meyers. Augustus Tllden.
Hunti't District Improvement Club— President,
Euward 'lSwald, vice president, J. J. Walsh,
secrctarj'. S. A. V. Jones; treasurer, Hermann
Morris, sergeant at arms, Charles Harris. ,."•
Finance committee — John Nightingale, chair
man; Albert Meyer, Edwin Goodale, I.Steuart,
George A. Pope, Ueorge S. Crlin. Tbonian B.
Ulshup, Sol Getz, Leon dl N'ola. Louis.Liiimuii.
An excellent entertainment and banquet
was furnished the guests of i the evening,
after which there was dancing until a
late hour. Edward Ewald acted as chair,
man. In a few well chosen words he told
of the Improvements wrought , In that
vicinity, and he took occasion; to express
the thanks of the residents to those .who
helped them to .secure electric lhjhts,
water, sewerage system, street car ser
vice) and a score of other things. This
was followed by a piano duct by Pro
fessor Louis Iiolz and Fred Petri. , N.' 1*
Theobalds delivered an address ¦ on the
"Phenomenal ' Progress of Sunset , Dis
trict." • Ills remams were received with
applause. Miss Pauline Bauer rendered
a piano solo, Miss Ksther Moore recited,
Dr. A. J. Brown sang, Mrs K. .Keller re
cited selections Irom "The • Lady , of
Lyons," Mrs. Stanley tiherwood rendered
a cornet solo, Alias Henrietta i3eetz told
of the tuture of Sunset Heights, Miss Ki
sie looker gave several selections on the
guitar, Miss Nancy Tracy did 'some spe
cialties, Gertrude Devme and AXelville
CoaKiey. rendered a Tyrolean duet, J.B.
l>avis and William MaKinson did a tramp
sketch, Mrs. A. Vendt piaye.d the cornet,
Kdiui Long and Melville Coakley sang
and Alexis Strong rendered a vocai soio.
The anair was in charge of the follow
ing committees:
Park View Hall, earner H , street and
Ninth avenue, was far too amaH to ac
commodate the members and guests of
the Nineteenth Avenue Boulevard Club
and, property owners 'of Sunset district
who gathered there last evening. 1 The oc
casion was a reception tendered to the
oflidala and citizens of .this city who have
ulded in securing Improvements - for th>)
Sunset district.
Entertain and Banquet Those
Who Helped to Secure
Improvements.
Residents of Sunset ( Dis
trict Show Apprecia
tion of Aid.
CITY OFFICIALS
RECEIVE THANKS
14
SPECIAL SALE
THURSDAY-FRIDAY-SATURDAY
CREAMERY B UTTER.- squar* i.....35c
SLICED PEACHES. 3 tins... 23c
, Fancy L*mon Cling; la heavy syrup.
Regularly 10c a tin.
GERMAN LENTILS, 3J* lbs.... 23c
Th« very choicest.
' Regularly 10c a IV
PRESERVES, Jar -V....'........ 13c
Kln«8t quality. ¦ : ¦ ¦ ¦ ,
.'* Apricot. Peach. Raapbarrjr and Cr»b«ppl«.
Regularly 2Cc. . . *" .
CALIIORNU OLIVE OIL. qt. bat. 70o, plat. ...40c
Our "Santa Barbara" brand.
¦ Guaranteed absolutely pur«.
Regularly 83c and SCc
EXTRACT OP BEEF. " Rex." 2-oz. Jar 33c
Step tn and sample a cup
of dellcioun Boulloa matfo rrom th» "Rex."
Regularly 40c. ¦
ORANGES, doz 23c
Fancy Navels, guaranteed sirtet and tn*
. . .. from frost,
negularly 33c.
ROSEBUD WHISKY, hot. OCc, <aL..$4.00
The highest trade. of !
whisky In America. Itejularly $1.23 and $3.
SARDINES. "Lacaze," largo tin 20c
Imported French Sardines put
up In pur* niivo oil.
¦ Hegularly 28c.
SOLE AOENT8 FOn TUB CELEBRATED
IDEAL COFFEE POT.
Country orders solid Ud. Catalogue frte.
39 STOCKTON ST.. near Market ,
TELEPHONE MAIN B022.
flyt Glasses are fitted with * H
IOUBLE GRIP GUARDS i
(Patented.) f I
¦Vhich never "slip nor tilt, v\
tnd do not wound the nose fa
w 64 2 'Market StJW
For Stomach Disorders-
Cout and Dyspepsia
DRINK
Best NATURAL Alkaline! Water
220 BHOADWAT. N. T. ¦- L
PERFECT
Used by people of refinement
for over a Quarter of a' century.
§DR. MEXERS & CO.
SPECULISTS FOt ME*.
£stabllah«d USL Coa-
•ultauoa and prlvaU boo*
«*•• ai otUc* or by m+±,
«-me« gu«r*nte<KL Ktg
731 MARKET ST.
6AN b UANCinCU. CiX»
Weekly Call,$1.00 per Yeaf
Hale's.
Hale's.
ADVEHTISEELENTS.
a & JiH^ n^^^ «s^^^^^^r Jol*. "
Psycho, the musical mystery, will again appear in Sher-
, man, Clay & Co.'s windows this afternoon at three o'clock
and this evening at half-past seven. : The exhibition will con-
tinue in the windows up to \ Saturday afternoon.
On Saturday evening the expose of Psycho will take
place at an ANGELUS Piano Player recital in Sherman-
Clay Hall. Tickets to the expose free to- adults only by ap-
plying to Sherman, Clay &"Co.
As several rumors are afloat that Psycho is a man one
day and an automaton the next, that a" human being has been
exhibited so far, but an automaton will appear at the expose,
and vice versa, Shermai, Clay & Co. desire to state that the
same figure which has been seen by so many in the window
will be the one appearing at the expose.
Sherman, Clay & Co.
STE1NWAY PIANO DEALERS,
Cor. Kearny and Sutter Streets, San Francisco.
Cor. 13th and Broadway, Oakland*
EASTER
NOVELTIES
JUST A FEWJDOOESTIONS.
Confirmation Dresses.
An Eniter Display of distinctive ideal
beautifully worked Into charmlngr novelties
in Confirmation Drewes, ' made of White
1-iwiin, OreandleR, Uatlstee; Swlra, etc.;
many original' stylen, trimmed with th*
daintiest of Laces, Embroideries and Rib-
bons, at nrlcca to please all. Sizes 0 to 10
Special To-Day. :'r
SUt 4RJ F«r CONFIRMATION
DRKPSES that cannot be
bought elsewherft under J2.5O. Remem-
her, we own our own factory, make
nearly *very srarmont w« oell. You pay
no middleman a profit here.
Women's Waists.*
All. new styles ON KALK TO-DAY. Th*
• very latest novelty, THE OmfJON
"\VAI8T, mad? of whlto India llnfn, front
."of oil-over Kmbroldery: hack and- front
neatly hemmitehcd and tucked. Holn
price, a koo«) f.1.00 value. ... t? ¦ Ci=C
fll TO QLA. 7KTA IL.OU MADK
madn of best quality Hurgen, Camels'
Hair, nnd Ladlott' Cloth: made exceed-
ingly graceful In shnpe, with swell flare,
iii-iitly tnllnr ptltchrd seams: these ttklrts
are as good as you nay $7.00 for at regu-
lar clonk nnd null hnu«n*.
Children's PfquY Capes. -
We have on Immense selection from $1,60
to $5,00. Fully twenty distinct styles.
Special To-Day.
iKQ P»ffc Vor CAPES of good White
QAWV Pique, lined with Mars«llle«
Flsnn?!; trimmed with numeroim rows of,
1 wide Kmhroldery; made in our own fac-
tory; worth. t'Uewhere $1.00.
Women's Wrappers. •
OQr» t'uy. one of our newest styles
*J Ol PKRCALR WRAPPERS. 1 Hpanleh
.flounce, trimmed with Braid; waist and
i p|«eves> lined;. sizes 32, to 46;- good $1.60
,, value.- ' , • . •
Children's Hats and Sonnets.
FOR, EASTER— AJ1 .dainty end stylish;
we're selling th»m at. our ulways popular
prices. We'd be pleased to' show them to
youi"- " . , ¦ . .
Corsets.
On.tale to-day, an Easter Corset Special:
come -In Pink, r Blue or -White; various
. ii?oo)\..f a . 1^:;.^. c . c .... ( . w ?:! 1 : 50c
; NccKRulis.
' To-day, we offer great values In the very
latest creations In Nock Ruffs. The latest
novelties In Frenchy combinations In Black
and White. In solid Black or'. White, long
' acccrdeon' plaited, ends;- lust the ¦ thins for
Kasiter. Prices from ?1 to- tfS; many
worth double..- .... ;
,/.¦...- New: Easter Veilings. <¦ -.,
CHIFFON<VEILS, ! wlth newest dots, 11 '6
-. yards , lone- Sale 1 price...; ...' af\~.
Each OUC
Q=r r :,Yd. for CHIFFON .VEILINGS.
¦""V double mesh. AVe,bouirht the»«
under, the regular price; worth 35c to -tOc
New Belts/ ;^i
Just arrived!/ A new line* of • EASTER
..iBELTS.-; The -latest inoveltles. in Black
• finely- tucked ; Satin, Belts, -ornamented
with cut steel, glltior silver buckles hac):
••• and front; atao-a. new line: of cut steel
-. - or ' black beaded i elastic belts, something
entirely new.. > At rtgular popular prices
1. from SOc.wrward. ..,/"•• - ¦•-
- FANCY HANDKERCHIEFS, all linen
-:, rdgred with , fine Lace or Kmbrotd- le-' 1
; ery;'25c value.'On sale...Eaqh •'.¦'. luC
FANCY.- NKCK • RIBBON : - many '¦> new nov- .
' ":eltles In Neck Ribbons; ;r%Tular on™
35c quality: . to-day .A ... ,. Yard "*
FANCY LIBERTY SILK WASH RIBEON
• .. 7 Inches wide; regular 50c and QOr>'
;:' 60c quality. - On sale.'.'. .'.Yard OuC
.WE "TIK ¦'•:- YOUR '^ BOWS • FREE? OF
i. CHARGE. .
1212-1214 MARKET SI';,
¦ M Between .Taylor and* Jones. ¦
I 6> O'CLOCK.
a "H~HE ease and comfort found in Sorosis lasts is the result of years of P
,| I practical study by America's foremost designers. Imitators may ' I
1 r cpPy *<™ is lasts and styles after a season. : but there they stop; I]
II 0 imitate th? service and comfort-giving qualities Is another mat- 8
ter. To other makers the high grade, uniform exceJence of material, the . ' ' M
astlng, the stltfhmg and workmanship that have made Sorosis famous S
is stiiJ a scale J book. • / «
You^ may pjy $5, yes, 16 or even $7, for shoes other |
than Sorosis and not secure their equal. Producing over B
foco pairs daily permits of their selling at fo.50. I
f Exclusive '^*^?3> /? second \
1 Agents for U^i/^^> ™t^-
i San Francisco ThjTd.S^
OBEENBERG &
GREENBiERG
31-37 GRANT AV£., Cor. Geary St. :
lace net Skirts'
FANCY EMBROIDERED ROBESt
5ILK SKIRTS ; v *
WAISTS in ail desirabl^extures
LEATHER BOAS-RUFF J
v UGE TRIMMINGS
ALL-OVER GRASS LINENS
GLOVES /
HANDKERCHIEFS
VEILINGS •
DID on no .
nloDUNo • :•¦":
.NECKWEAR-
LEATHER GOODS
BUCKLES'ANOBELTS
NOTIONS, EtC^ Etc.
GREENBER8 &1REENBERG
;.¦; 31-37 GRAN r;AVE;; .Cor Geory^t^'J
.'.'¦*¦. . . . , ¦ - ¦ • i
Thousands of New Easter i ; /W
M H an dkerehief s.
j&fMi Some worth 15c ; some 12ip; some f / bl ¦
vp$ 10c; seme 8' 3 c; right from the W,' y -M
s/[& factory ; new, hut not fully fin-
&$% • ished ; that's why they are df^h
bp 5 Cents.
/Cm ¦ Lawn and cambric, with fancy lace and footing bor- • "
: fit jfc\ ders and lace insertion effects; 'hemstitched with rows _yf7\
I'iiks.' Ix ~ of' ValendehndS; lace insertion.' Others, not so fancy, ,/t l\ i
tiSSr/Afc are hemstitched with one, and others with fourcor- // \\
V&Z&& ncrs embroidered and a row of lace insertion in corner. ' j% «• \\
V^v Maybe some of them have a pin hole in the lace or
/W 1 border, some corners have not been cut. Others
,v\ have threads, drawn a bit'too tight. A few stitches stf\\
q.s Y with a needle, a clip or two with the scissors and you **?? \
\$j/!z avc vcrv pretty and durable handkerchiefs. y
V^> What an Easter opportunity! ' <*',. :^
BlaclT Halo's
Granite cioth Easter Hats
>~ ¦ —-O Sell themselves.
Regivlar dollar rmf\n 9 9 Thc y capt ur c
quality to-dai/ . 7 OC I Buying is «£ J- e^
&— : — , 6 - Pleasant sight, n we
A handsome stuff in the height of «v«n u tvery one u" could hold up a'
its beauty and usefulness. Very popu- SS*St™K.? nffiiS! £S U J« ?' il f f
larthis.sprins for full costumes or - rn - ready thi. and b««gr »d .
separate skirts ;,--•.-•,; 6 6 0 f the hundreds
50 inches wide and all wool. *. o f hats we'
1 Took all the manufacturer had, so wouldn't have enough to go round to-
he -.could afford to lose on it. day. We can't do that. Neither can
It's too good and too staple to. last cold words convey the- enthusiasm of
long the exhibit. You must see tkem.
. This morning first time. Se f th ( c ™ right away if you'd get most
- - out of them. We re keeping
Wt c**ti t- Variety Still Complete,
rVJlPVl/" iKHlinPC ¦ * vtn « howln «r «<>m« new lat* atyles: Flowered
I^IWW *_7l llVUll llCi? turbans and a new-drased Du Barry bat.
12y 2 c— Sixty pieces in bright, pretty Vfhrptinn
patterns — very • handsome for 1 J IUI allUU f
drapes. Other styles for comfort .2&~MK t^^ h SSLS SS"^
coverings. : '^.-v 'electricity. Each treatment is agreeable- and
inches wide." KSSSS" 1 * Hafrdres8lne and Maaicurtng
Market Street, 1&J§£Jffl Iff ' f Market Street, °
Near Sixth, Near Sixth,,
Opposite Golden Jffl JwJSz!^ * S0^^*^J§£2& Opposite Golden
- Gate Avenue. * sl T^^J^^mn Oootf^^^ Gate Avenue.
'"¦ •*¦ . . • ¦ — ~—^^^ ¦ **. __