; , Continued' on Page ; Two. ... « ; |
Continued on Pace Tirow
¦PARIS; '. April". 21."— As' General Mercier.
¦formerly/ Minister ;'of ;'.War, ; was leaving
a; •political] meeting -at- La-Fcrte-Bernaril.
,in;the'department: of '; Sarthe; ¦ at which ; he
had( preslded.^he ylwaslstohed "and ; ''-su3
tairicd'a .wound in the head., ' • • ,
General Mercier" Is i Assaulted.
CARACAS,* Venezuela, April • 21.— The
'. Government has intercepted^ a. letter
written by' an officer of -the .'British' cruis-'
'er Indefatigable, belonging to the < Britl-sh
North American and West Indian' squad
ron, .to' an English friend, in which,
speaHIng*of ..the Venezuelan ; revolution,
thfcf officer asked: . ¦;.'!
"Why, " does not some one assassinate
President Castro i and- thus -save .further
bloodshed?" ,\_ : , . ¦
- Official . papers, here , have : as a result
made bitter", attacks on the British, army,
and on the officials of the lcgation'inCar
, acas: " ' '. ' ¦¦.' ' '"'•'.'.,-' V'i -
SUGGESTS : ASSASSINATION
OP PRESIDENT CASTRO
. ; Mayor ; Schmitz .was ' ' informed ¦, during
the day that' a "detective agency was arm
ing. a{ number of men- in' behalf of Uhe
Railroads .. and ¦_' that% their 'purpo'se.
'was ' to assist .in taking;^ but"' cars. . The
Mayor '.immediately^ appeared tha
Police , Commissioners and"- requested- that
In - the ; Interests • of 'the • public" peace no
permits ''.\ to^y carry: y concealed 'weapons
should' be? granted to 5 any7one.; t The .coin-'
, mission declined.iin consequence,"; to- con-
NO/ PERMITS I GRANTED.
reports of disturbances had 1 been ; received •
at ? police ¦ headquarters. . '- * .
A mu * HERE were few changes in the
Mf carmen's- strike - situation-yes
"¦ m- :' terday.. Both- sides are .watch-"
¦B . ' ing r- each . other • and ;• quietly
:'~^. ¦'¦•' awaiting! developments.:. The
prospect for an immediate ad
justment of the trouble do not appear, to
be very bright!
- Reports of , violence here ¦ and - there
were? of frequent occurrence last'l night,
but when these were run down" they. were
i i found : to i * be "canards." v.There". were . state
ments made that armed men contemplat
ed, making raids on carhouses, and :that
serious trouble was _ to be' feared. • The
strikers declare 'that these: reports are
spread for. the ; sole' purpose of s discredlt-
Ihg their cause in the minds of the public,
and they, add I that they are ¦ not;; only
avers e to violence , r bu t : are willing > to , do
all In -their "power, to protect the property,
of the company. . " . ; -T '•; .
¦.* A " rumor, having . gained : . currency, that
an : attempt v/ould ; be. made' to . do ' damage
, to ' some of .y the "company's property, '. the
executive committee of the •Amalgamated
Association of ; Railway Employes : ap
pointed nearly 100 nien .as &; peace'^coni'^
inittee, withi Instructions .to '.-.watch", every.,
carhouse of the system and 'prevent van
dalism. . .;'¦ .These men : were > on -, duty." last
night, and 'at 1 :' o'clock* this 'morning.] no
LONDON, April^l.'-Vln a, dispatch. from
Caetle I>oo the correspondent of thebaily]
Mall declares' the information
tbe"public minimizes the gravity of Queen"
Wilhelmina's condition and magnifies her
cnances for ; recovery. ; The grief-stricken
nation,- which loves the (Queen to the
pclnt'of ; Idolatry, Is in a state of i terrible''
suspense, .while ; the politicians are aghast
at . the.: possibilities i of a fatal ;termina
tio\r:of'hcr;illness.^_";;' : : . . '
The * Queen's burst Jnto tears
when she was first . told her daughter.' had
typhoid feve'rl;: • She '. seldom ; leaves"; the
sick chamber. '; ; ' ; : ; ;
-THE HAGUE, April 21.— The ; condition
of Queen Wllhelmlna is unchanged. Her
physicians say- it 5 is impossible to pre
dict the date of the crisis In her illness.
An extraordinary cabinet council ;was
held to-day. . The .meeting engendered
numerous • rumors concerning a '. decision
In the matter of .the regency, ;',but It is siiid
upon good authority that this matter was
not .discussed Tat: the council. / / : ' .':, ' :
. It Is reported that one of the maids of
Queen Wllhelmina's household -has }bcen
attacked by; typhoid fever.
in - State of Terrible
Suspense.
People of Grief -Stricken Holland Are
QUEEN WILHELMINA'S
CONDITION NOT CHANGED
I The responsibility for the strike and the
countless •Inconveniences 'it Imposes upon
th&,public is flied upon General Manager:
Vinlng-and '"WV F. ; He'rrin.-':" Business men
say? that ,these gentlemen;" whose connec-i
tion with the system is practically at an'
end; . are : disinterested • parties in the '
premises' and that' no. matter what the
outcome : may be they have "nothing to
gain ;? or «¦ lose.: : This,* it ;. Is said, ; accounts '
for their.' apathy ;at -af time 'when all the !
residents of San Francisco; are demanding j
.the"- immediate adjustment of the trouble I
and the resumption of traffic on the Mar- j
ket-strc*et : system.' ' .
VINING ; IS BLAMED.
J The failure of the officials of the,United
Railroads to take advantage of the offer
"of , Mayor; Schmitz to act as mediator in
the settlement of the strike is occasioning
considerable gossip in business circles. It
is regarded as very; strange that none of
the company -seems to be vested, with
sufficient authority to take the Initiative.
In . the matter and . to treat with the men
for a ; settlement. These" officials are in
constant communication with" the : Balti
more .syndicate, -but- the result ¦ of their
inquiries' or. the instructions they receive
are kept a '.close secret.
... , . ...... . . . f . ,^ . .
sider applications for carrying concealed
weapons, although several were on file. ¦
Scarcely ' a wheel was turned . upon * the
system .' yesterday. The" ; officials of the
company \ made " no attempt to send out
any cars for business purposes, .but a car
was sent over.the main line for prudential
reasons.: The question as to the franchise
rights,-' of! the company . lapsing ' should
they., miss , sending out , at • least one car
daily prompts the \ corporation . to taka
this : precaution. Although / the- strikers
are [ present when these cars ; are taken
from the carhoiises, the nien in charge
have: not been molested in any way.
Prospects for the Early Settlement of the
Controversy Are Not Bright.
WASHINGTON. April 21.— Senator, Tel
ler, to-day introduced a resolution . declar
ing it to be the 'sense of the Senate that
the sedition laws In -force in the "Philip
pines should be repealed. The, resolution
Is preceded by .a'.'prcamble citing the ar-
ish Sedition Laws.
Teller Introduces Resolution to Abol-
TO EESCT7E ,THE EDITORS.'
Before . the adoption . of this resolution
the Democratic members of the Insular
Committee explained the terms of -the
first separate Pnilippine measures now
proposed. The Republican bill < in the
Senate provides a temporary form of.civil
government. In 'effect continuing the .pres
ent system. The Republican House^bill
proposes a complete form .of; civil 'gov
ernment with " a . Philippine Legislature.
The Democratic bills, both in .'the. Senate
and in the House, - look tp ultimate inde
pendence of the islands, \ but ..the'. House
measure goes more . into detail) on 'the
period preceding ~ ' independence, ,. fixing
July 4, 1311, as the date for a complete
insular independence. It Is with a 'view
to reconciling the details of the two Dem
ocratic measures that the resolutions
were/ adopted •- to-night. . Speeches *, were'
made In " support , of thc . resolutions J by
Jones of Virginia. Williams 'of Mississippi
and Gaines of Tennessee.
agreement upon one bill to be heard -in
both branches of Congress. "
WASHINGTON. April 21.— The .Demo
crats of the House held a. caucus to con
sider the Philippine government bill
agreed upon by the Democratic members
of the Insular Committee. The caucus
lasted until shortly before midnight, when
a resolution by Representative Jones .of
Virginia was adopted unanimously approv
ing the minority bill and -requesting the
Democratic members on the Insular Com
mittee to confer with Democratic Sen
ators in order to reconcile any differences
existing as to the details of a Philippine
measure, with \ a , view to reaching . an
pine Government Bills.
House Democratic Caucus on Philip-
RECONCILING THE MEASURES.
The matter of calling.Sixto.Lopez,:Ma
binl and Aguinaldo was left for future de
termination. The committee r then ad«
journed until Tuesday,, April 29, on which
day General ¦ MacArthur will again be
heard. ¦•;..-, :. ¦¦;>¦'*.-.- 'i :¦.'>;¦
"Resolved, That it is. the sense of the
Senate of the United States that the se
dition- laws' should ] be immediately re
pealed- and , prosecutions under them im
mediately ' ceased, . and that > no person
shall thereafter be punished by death,, im
prisonment or fine in the provinces of the
Philippines in which armed. resistance to
the authority of the United States has
ceased unless. the accused on demand has
been tried before a jury of his peers and
officially pronounced guilty; and, further,
that thereafter, in, the courts of said arch
ipelago when the offense charged consists
of "words ; spoken or written against any
citizen or; official or department of said
Government "the truth of said words
spoken or ¦ written may j be given in evi-'
deriee and shall constitute a full and per
fect defense." ..¦'. i ':'<'.¦ r':.l-
. "Whereas," by the enactment of such
laws and the denial of trial by jury of
those accused under them, the adminis
tration of such laws by Judges appointed
by the officials against whom the offenses
are alleged to have been committed, and
who have reserved to themselves the
right to 'remove such Judges j.t pleasure,
every vestige of civil liberty is destroyed,
personal liberty and property are without
the security of law and the Filipino peo
ple are being taught to hate the .United
States, even . as much as they' hated
Spain;', therefore, be it -
rest of the newspaper editors of the Free
dom, and- the Volcano, published, in the
archipelago,^and asserting that they are
to: be; tried under these laws by Judges
who: owe their appointments and tenure
of ! office ¦ to , the Government commission
for the criticism of which the men are to
be tried./ . ' :
'.': Thelast paragraph of the preamble ar.d
the. resolution are as follows:
The railroad company claims that yes
terday morning 300 men applied for posi
tions. In the afternoon there were fully
100 applicants. v Of these few would hav«
been accepted, however, as they appeared
to be young men from the small towns
in the . country, .unused to city life and
attracted to San Francisco by the pros
pects of going to work as conductors. At
the offices of the railway company there
are s'gns hung conspicuously on the walls,
drawing the attention of applicants to tha
rules for those who wish to enter the ser
vice of the road. The first step taken is
to -ill out an application blank. A medi
cal examination must be undergone and
if passed by the company's doctor the ap
plicant must deposit $35 as a guarantee
of the faithful performance of his duties.
The sum of £5 Is also demanded for tn»
purchase of a uniform and to pay a pre
mium i to the National . Surety Company.
APPLICANTS FOB PLACES..
The railroad people, from the few state
ments they made, seem to feel confident
that those who struck last Saturday even-
Ing will have to come back to work at the
old .terms or have their places Oiled tjy
local men. remforced by. some experienced
motormen.* gripmen and conductors front
the East.
About 5:30 o'clock the directors, one by
one. left *he building. They refused to be
interviewed, but. to all . questions replied
that there • was no change in the, situa
tion. It is known/ however, that all yes
terday the directors were communicating
with the members of the Baltimore syndi
cate in the East and that they will not
act upon their own responsibility, but will
take orders from the heads of the road
in Baltimore.
In the afternoon H. E.'Huntington. who
was president of the old Market Street
Railway Company, for many years, called
at - the .offices of the syndicate and spent
several houre in consultation, evidently
advising the officers of the company as to
what course to pursue."
•|jf «mt ROM early yesterday morning
B until late In the evening the
B y directors of the United Rail
"- B ' roads, their attorneys and
•^*" General Manager VIning wen
In consultation at the offices of
the syndicate in the Wells-Fargo build
ing. The usually quiet corridors of th«
building were crowded by a long stream
of persons who were interested in tha
strike situation: .
AMERICAN OFFICER IN COMMAND OF-.TROOPS ON THE ISLAND
OF ; SAMAR WHO :.WILL \ BE TRIED BY ¦ COURT-MARTIAL ON A
. CHARGE OF CONDUCTING A CAMPAIGN OF' EXTERMINATION.
Railway Of ficials Say
Men May Be Brought
From the East.
OFFICIALS OF THE UNITED RAIL
ROADS IN CONFERENCE. SCENES
OF ATTEMPT TO RUN CARS.. .
The conferees -on the Chinese exclusion
bill held their, first conference to-day and
without reaching a . conclusion adjourned
to meet to-morrow. The meeting to-day
was devoted to a general exchange of
opinions on the merits of the two bills.
The representatives of the Senate pressed
very hard for the acceptance of the Sen
ate substitute, and while the House mem
bers indicated no definite purpose" to yield,
the indications now are that the "Senate
measure, with ' a few possible additions,
will be accepted I by the * conferees. , It ; is
expected by the members of the' confer
ence that a conclusion will be reached
at to-morrow's meeting.
CONSIDER ' SENATE I : BILL.
"On the contrary, the -enforcement of
that section ; as - amended \ will serve to
advance the purposes of the two 'coun
tries in respect of Chinese laborers as
avowed in the treaty of 1894. Despite the
ingenious argument to. the contrary, we
do not perceive any difficulty . whatever
in reaching this ' conclusion after care
fully scrutinizing 'the treaty and statute.
A different conclusion would be hostile to
the objects^ which, , as avowed, in , the
treaty, both 'the United States and China
desire to accomplish. : This •- is so.clearly
manifest that - argument cannot make it
more so."
ADVANCES ALL PURPOSES.
The Chinaman in this. instance entered
the State of . New _York from Canada in
October, 1900, and was immediately ap
prehended. , '
LAW IS ., NOT DISPLACED. \
Justice Harlan delivered, the opinion of
the court, saying :'¦' "A statute enacted
by Congress ' . expresses '- the will of
the people < "of . ; v the .7, -United States
in ,the most' s61emn ;form. ., If not:re
pugnant td'the constitution' it ismade'by
that instrument a part of the supreme law
bf^*:lsnd : ajS'<s;Stio^:^rtft>T3r ijiTbeld^tC^ofie 5
I by,{a' treaty • subsequently^con
cluded unless it" is 'impossible for both to
stand together'artd rbe "enforced:" So far
from there- being any r inconsistency;.be
tween statute : . and . treaty.' herein ques
tioned, the twelfth ' section ' of . r the act" of
1S82, as amended in 1S84, and continued in
force for ten years from and after the
passage of the act of 1892, is in absolute
harmony with .the treaty and can be en
forced without affecting, or impairing any
right secured by the treaty.
WASHINGTON. 'April 2l.—The'-_ United
States Supreme Cpurt. to-day rendered a
decision In the case, of the 'United States
vs. Lee Yen Tia,' coming : from the Court
fo Appeals for the Second Circuit, submit
ting the ' question .;. as to ; whether the
twelfth section "of /the' Congressional i act,
of 1882, requiring certificates j from China-
men about' to enter the' United States,
had been abroga ted V by the treaty : of -1S94
between the United ' States / and China.'
The question was answered. in the.nega
tive, the law being thus' held to be still
in effect.
Conferees Are Likely
to Accept Senate
Measure.
Decides That Chinese
Musi Still f Furnish
Certificates; ;
¦-TM-- April 21.— A jcourt
/B /B martial has becn ordered
/ mr B for thc trlal of Gencral Ja "
/ W B cob H. Smith, who was in
"•¦ ' -^- command of the United
States troops on the island
of Samar. Generals Lloyd Wheaton.
Scmuel Sumner. James M. Bell and Wil
liam U. Bisbee and Colonels Chambers
McKibben, William A- Rafferty, William
E. Dougherty, Alfred C. Markley and
Jesse M. Lee compose the court. The
judge advocate is Major Harvey C. Car
baugh. Colonel Charles A. Woodruff will
appear for the defense. The charge
brought against General Smith Is con
duct prejudicial to good order and dis
cipline. The trial will begin Thursday.
WITNESS OF "WATER CUBE."
WASHINGTON. April 21.— The Senate
Committee on the Philippines to-day re
sumed thc examination of witnesses In
The investigation of affairs in the Phil
ip pines.
Grovcr Flint of Cambridge, Mass., who
served as first lieutenant in the Thirty
fifth Volunteer Infantry, testified that
early in May, 1900, he had been a witness
to the "water cure," as administered to
the natives by Macabebe scouts, and that
this v.as done to get information as to the
¦whereabouts of their guns. The guns
were delivered. The following day some
rccn of his own regiment applied the cur?,
but their act was without the authority
of their commanding officers. The Maca
bebes at the time referred to were not
under the command of a commissioned
c!Fcer. but of a sergeant of the United
States army. Flint had been, he said, a
witness to at least twenty cases of wa
ter cure. He had never seen any one die
as a result of the cure, but had seen a
hospital corps man working on a native
who had been rendered unconscious.' It
also had been represented to him that
ccp Filipino died from the cltccts ef the
water cure.
CSUELTY TO OLD MEN.
The witness then described the method
of administering the cure, and said that
in some cases where It was given to old
zren he" had seen their teeth fall out.
Flint, in response to a question by Sen
ator Dietrich, said he was present upon
these occasions, "to draw the line on ex
cesses." He did not recommend to the
rr.a jor that the practice cease, nor did
he give any orders to his men to stop
the torture.
Answering a question by Senator Bur
rows, the witness declared that the effect
of the cure was Immediate, the victim
invariably turning over his gun or bolo
and giving information as to thc where
abouts of others. He said it was impos
sible to judge whether the victims were
Insurgent: soldiers or peasants, but they
appeared to be peaceable villagers. Some
of them were thrown down by force;
others who were timid would submit
readily, while those who resisted were
held the more tightly. The treatment, he
said, never got to a point of great bru
tality.
KAJOB, DID NOT INTERFERE.
Replying to a question by Senator
Lodge, the witness said he had becn re*
fused a commission In the regular army
because his colonel had accused him of
using Intoxicating liquors to excess. The
witness deplored the raising of this ques
tion, but Senator Beverldg© said it had
an important bearing on the case.
Flint denied that on any of the occa
sions when he had witnessed the watet
cure he was under the influence of liquor.
He Insisted that in justice to himself he
ought to state that he was not drunk,
but had been a careless drinker. Witness
had, he said, released several men who
did not appear to him to be insurgents
Major Earl of his regiment wa* always
near, but had not Interfered in the ad
ministration of the cure, simply assign
ing a commanding officer to see that the
men did not go too far.
After considerable questioning the wit
ness finally admitted that he approved
of the water cure, and responding to a
query toy Senator Beveridge said that it
was not an American invention, but was
as old as the "chronicles of Newgate."
Asked regarding Filipinos in guardhouses,
he said that they were treated exactly. the
same as American prisoners.
LIKE WEYLEB'S TACTICS.
The witness described the burning of
email villages, the idea, be said, being to
drive the women to thc woods or to the
towns and concentrate them.
"Whom did the army borrow- that
from?"
"I knew it in Cuba," answered the wit
ness, "under the authority of ' General
Wcylcr." ;
The committee then went Into executive
session. The committee, in executive ses
sion, refused to call Edward Atkinson of
Pcston as a witness, but directed that. a
eubpena Issue for a number of sergeants
and privates who were witnesses uf the
water cure.
Senator Lodge laid before the commit
tee a report by A. Lester Hazelett, who
was sent to the Philippines by the W. C.
T. U.. of Columbus, Wis., to Investigate
the moral conditions existing in the Phil-
Ilppines, and alfo alleged violation of thc
anti-canteen law. The report shows that
the moral condition in the Philippines is :
better than ever before since American
occupation, and that there were no viola- ;
tion* of the anti-canteen law. :
SupremeCourt Makes
Strong Exclusion
Ruling.
TREATY
UPHOLDS
THE LAW
"WATER CURE" OF FILIPINOS
IS FOLLOWED BY COURT=MARTIAL
FOR GENERAL JACOB H. SMITH
*J* HE strike situation at midnight remained unchanged. Many rumors zvpre current during the day that violence tvas threatened,' but on investigation these, were, found; to be untrue. The United Railroads Company renewed its plea for
•* police protection, but Chief, of Police Wittman, acting under instructions from Mayor .Schmitz, declined to detail any policemen- for special service until the necessity -then for arose. The officers of the United Railroads appear to evade the
Peace conference suggested by the Mayor, and their actions indicate that the struggle will be protracted. Neither side shows signs oflzveakcning, and hints are already made by the railroad people that men will be imported from Chicago and other Eastern
cities to replace the strikers. The strikers are meeting daily, and all their instructions arc headed .with the injunction to preserve the peace at all hazards. Ninety-eight per cent of the street railway employes are noiv members of the union.
PRINCIPALS IN THE GREAT STREET RAILWAY STRIKE ARE
RESTING ON THEIR OARS AND AWAITING DEVELOPMENTS
VOLUME
PKICE FITE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, J APRIL 22, 1902.
XCI— NO. 143.
The San Francisco Call.Private Detective Arrested.
Resolved, That ¦ no franchise shall be here
after granted by this board for the construction
and operation of any street railroad upon or
over, or under, the streets or parts of streets
of this city and county, unless a clause is in
serted In said franchise, in addition to the vari
ous ¦ other conditions required by the charter
and the Board of Supervisors, "that no dis
crimination shall be made against any employe
of the railroad company to which the franchise
is granted on the ground that said employe is
a member of a labor union, and that a failure
to comply with this condition shall work an
immediate forfeiture of the franchise granted
and the road or track constructed thereunder "
Whereas, It is the opinion of this board that
the street railroad companies of this city, which
have been granted valuable franchises and who
are using our public streets, for which the city
receives very little compensation for the valu
able concessions granted them, have no right
to discriminate against good, capable, honest
and efficient employes merely because they
have seen fit ta Join organizations for their per
sonal benefit; therefore.
Whereas, It is claimed that a sumber of em
ployes of the street railway companies of this
city have been discharged from their positions
for no other reason except that they have be
come, members of certatn organizations which
have been organized for tho protection and wel
fare of the members thereof; and
And this board hereby requests the manage
ment of tho United Railroads cf San Francisco
and the striking employes to meet in confer
ence, by committee or 'otherwise, with a view
to an ' immediate. ; settlement and cessation of
tho strike, or mutually to agree forthwith upon
the appointment- of a disinterested commutes
of arbitration to arbitrate all existing differ
ences. .-.". -• '.. . ¦•V."^-\ ;-'
Wynn ' moved -the vadGpiion of the res
olution, which_actioa wai taken without
discussion and without a dissenting voice.
SupervJsoF' McCleIlan*lntroduced a res
olution -providing i that c no franchise shall
be hereafter granted ¦ by .the board for a
street railroad unless a clause is inserted
in the franchise that no discrimination
shall be made against an employe be
cause he is a member of a labor union.
The resolution, which was referred to the
Street Committee, follows:
Resolved. That In the opinion of this board
the interests of the city of San Francisco re
quire an immediate adjustment of the differ
ences between employers and employes* which
have resulted in the pending strike of the street
railway employes.
Resolved. That this board firmly indorses the
action of his Honor the Mayor in the matter of
the pending streetcar strike, and especially his
course in refusing the use of the Police De
partment of San Francisco' for special service
in moving cars of private corporations, nnd in
announcing that th« Police Department shall
be at the call of every citizen and interest for
the maintenance' of peace and order and for the
suppression of violence; further
police aid to the railway com
pany at a time when such aid was un
necessary. The resolution was introduced
under suspension of the rules, and is as
follows:
An^HE Board' of Supervisors offl-
3 dally, recognized the carmen's
n ' strike at its meeting yesterday
U ' when Supervisor Winn ¦ intro
_f|_ duced a resolution Indorsing the
.^ action of the Mayor in refusing
Acts of Schmitz as
Mayor Indorsed
by Supervisors
City Cannot Sell Real Estate.
City Attorney Lane advised the Beard
f Supervisors yesterday that he finds in
he charter no general power granted to
he board to sell real property belonging
j the city and countv.
William Marjory iCommits {Suicide. ,
v-*inam Biarjory, a carpenter, rooming
in a lodging-house at 205 Third street waa
asphyxiated last Sunday night. He ' had
ceen drinking to excess and was intoxi
cated when be went to his room A La
borie, the landlord, detected the odor of
Illuminating gas yesterday morning and
•arcing an entrance found Marjory 'dead
.n be'; wi'h the gas valves open. Marjorv
?'*? fl f!L y u, res !r sed and lay on -top -of the
bed with his foet on the floor. Allthe
indications pointed to suicide, and an in
fiucst will be held.
The people are accepting the inevitable
' ua rare good humor, though those who
;:ve in the outskirts of the city and whose
..vocations force them to come to the
business sections of the city are suffering
< onsiderable hardship. Fortunatelv nu
r.erous vehicles have been pressed into
crvtce, so that all who are willing to pav
'ie advanced rates may ride to some con
ement point. It would be impossible to
apply the demand for seats in these ve-
UC&a, but first come, lirst served, is an
tfage that all remember and live up to
• «? ?^ s ., re »" r ted last night that the
; nited Railroads contemplated sending to
Chicago and other Eastern cities for men
to replace the strikers. The hint was
irade by a prominent railway man. but it
;i:. no | regarded as being authoritative.
i he strikers do not fear this, because as
''-£.' S 2 y ' capable men cunnot be secured
The Supervisors adopted a resolution at
= !;cir meeting yesterday commending
Mayor Schmitz's course during the strike
Continued From Page One.
PFOSPECTS FOB SETTLEMEHT SLIM
A teiegram addressed to Ed Rosenbersr
wretary of the Labor Council, from \V
V. Mabon. the international president'
congratulating the carmen on their firm
ttend to the matter has been received
Word was received that the Fillmore
street carhouse was being stocked with
provisions, with which the railroad in
it:ids to feed non-union men x
Some little trouble was experienced
yesterday when polk-e officer 261 attempt
ed to arrest a carman named Eddy for
selling badges. The latter would un
ooubtedly have been jailed had it not
l.'cen for the arrival of \V. G. Burton of
the executive committee, who showed his
(>auge and explained matters. Mr. Burton
immediately made complaint to Mayor
Schmitz. saying that the police were in
icrloring with those men who were sell
• r.s badges. They were selling them, not
.<;r any personal gain, but for the good of
a subscription of $5 from a man named
Bropby was received,. another of $1 from
H. ti. Bradford and many other minor
donations.
The committee is anxiously looking for
the man who has got out a card which
reads, rl will walk until the car com
pany settles," and has been selling them
ostensibly for the carmen all over the
city. If he is caught things will go hard
with him. There is but one official button
with tlie name of the manufacturer on
ihe back and the inscription, "Amal
gamated Association of Street Railway
.r.rr.pioyes of America. Organized Sept. 15
EMU on its face, and having in the cen
icr a picture of a streetcar.
Fake Card Is Printed.
The funds ot the union are rapidly iu
iTCasing. A. committee composed of 11.
«. . yuic-K and William Leffiugwell is hav
ing buttons turned out as fast as they
can be maue. Each buyer or' these do
iijxtes whatever he can give.
JJuring ihe meeting President" Cornelius
:<.^<iiveu woro troru out ot me picKet*
liijii a crowa or tnugs had been sent tu
iue baeramento-streei carnouse.io srnasn
me wmaows. The strikers claimed it was
bong done uy outsiders in order to place
the carmen m a bad light. - They claim
mat uuring tne strike every act of vio
lence will ue laid to them and that they
will us-e their uimos-t endeavors to put a
ttoi) to anything of the sort. Mr. Cor
iienus Immediately detailed a body of
men to go to the house and if possible
ivig the whole bunch and hustle them to
i :ie police station. .• . .
Buttons Selling' Past;
And" iiriggs, one of the ten originators
ci the union, gave words uf good advice
kj his leilow comrades a* to how lo con
uucl. themselves during the struggle.'
That the streetrar men intend to win
ihtir ttrike by peaceable ineans Is evi
oeni. Aiany rnen spoke last night at the
temple imploring the men to stand nrrn
iur the prevention of violence.
The executive committee met last night
lo conduct the regular business of ap
l.ointing peace committees of. ten to
iwenty men to, be -detailed to each car
i.ouse in the city to protect property and
jirevent violence.
Hundreds of men gathered yesterday
and last night at the Turk-street Temple
10 sign the roll and pay the 5J cents dues.
More than $2J0 was received from dues
by the financial secretary yesterday,
which gives an idea of the vast numbers*
which have joined.
each on the Castro, Haight, Pow
ell and Fillmcre street lines, he said, and
B like Email proportion on the other lines.
U'hes-e men, it is claimed, are spotters In
tr.e employ of the railroad in nearly every
instance.
PRESIDENT CORNELIUS stated
last night that SO per cent of the
carmen, or more than 20M men,
had joined the union, including
switchmen and timekeepers.
There remained about one man
Numerous Men Ap
pointed to Guard
Property of Road
Strikers Now Have
Practically All
Carmen on Rolls
STREET RAILWAY STRIKES IMPOSES GREAT
HARDSHIP UFON RESIDENTS OF THE CITY
Will Not Consider
Demands Made
by Union Officials
Geary-Street Road
People Reply to
Employes' Letter
WHEN the first communica
tion from the officers of the
Amalgamated Association of
Street Railway Employes
was received by the officers
of the Geary-street, Park
and Ocean Railway, the fol
lowing reply was sent to President Cor
nelius:
SAN FRANCISCO, April 21. 1002.
R. Cornelius, Esq., President Amalgamated
Association of Street Railway Employes — De*r
Sir: I beg to acknowledge receipt or the fol
lowing paper that has been handed to the of
ficers Of the Geary Street, Park and Ocean
Railway Company:
"First — The following demands are hereby
presented to the Geary Street. Park and Ocean
Railway Company, hereafter known as tha
parties of the first part, by the employes of
the party of the first part, who are affiliated
with Division 205 of the Amalgamated Asso
ciation of Street Railway Employes of Amer
ica, hereafter known as the party of the sec
ond part. .
"Second — That the party of the second part
demand* a flat rate of pay of 25 , cents per
hour and a ten-hour work day. all -work day*
to be completed within twelve hours from time
of commencement of run. .
"Third — That the party of the first part,
through its properly accredited officers, will
continue to tt-eat with its employes of the
Amalgamated Association of Street Railway
Employes of America. Envision 205. through it»
properly accredited officers.
(Signed) "R. CORNELIUS, President.
"WM. T. JANE. Secretary."
I beg leave t> state that It Is imposslbl*
for the. Geary Street. Park and Ocean Rail
way ComDany In this matter to treat wlta
any other than its employes. Yours truly.
President Geary Street, Park and Ocean Rail
way Company.
To the employes who presented this
t'emand the position of the company was
clearly stated in the following letter ad
dressed Lo them:
SAN FRANCISCO, April 21. 1302.
Mr Harrington end sixty others, em
ployes of Geary Street, Park and Ocean Rail
way Company — Dear Sirs: The following com
munication, bearing your indorsement, ha«
been received ty the officers of the Geary
Street, Park and Ocean Railway Company:
"First — The following demands are hereby
presented to the Geary Street. Park and Ocean
Railway Company, hereafter known as the par
ty of the first part, by the employes of tho
party of the first part, who" are affiliated with
Division 205 of the Amalgamated Association
of Street Railway Employes, of America, here
after known as the party of the second part.
"Second — That the party of the second part
demands a flat rate of pay of twenty-five cents
per hour and a ten-hour work day. all work
days to be completed within twelve hours from
time of commencement of run.
"Third — That the party of the first part,
through its properly accredited officers, will
continue to treat with its employes of the
Amalgamated Association of Street Railway
Employes of America. Division, 205, through its
pronerly accredited officers.
(Signed* "R. CORNELIUS, President.
""W'M. T. JANE, Secretary."
It is impossible for the company to discuss,
except with its employes, the business relations
of the company with its employes. Any re
quests you have to make as to wage* or hours
of labor the company is always ready te receive
and give thereto a fair and Just consideration.
Had . any such request been made* before you
quit work. I am satisfied it would have been
settled to our mutual satisfaction. But. as you
know, no request of. any kind was submitted to
the company by a single employe before tha
ceasation of the operation of the road on tha
morning of April 20. l»02.
I therefore suggest that, in . all fairness, you
return to work, then make such requests in re
gard to wages and hours of labor as you desire,
and thus give the company the. ordinary busi
ness opportunity of considering the matter.
In this consideration I will add that the com
pany does net consider as a .material element
the fact of your membership or non-member
ship In any associations of railway or other
employes. That is a matter of your individual
judgment with which the company has no con
cern. Yours truly. HORACE G. PLATT.
Pres. Geary St.. P. and O. Ry. Co.
Offer of Assistance.
SACRAMENTO, April 21.— By crder of
the Council of Federated Trades to
night the following telegram was sent
to the strikers in San Francisco:
Richard Cornelius. President of the San
Francisco Streetcar Employes' Union: Accept
our sympathy in your struggle In a Just cause.
Should you need any financial asistance let us
know. P. T. JOHNSTON. .
Secretary Federated Trades Council.
For Additional Strike News See Paga
Nine. >.';•;
Piles Cured Without the Knife.
Itching, Blind, Bleeding or Protruding piif
No cure. No Pay. All druggists are authorize*
by manufacturers of Pazo Ointment to refun*
money where it fails to cure any case of pi'e»
no matter of how long standing. Cures ordinary
cases in six days; worst cases in fourteen days.
One application gives ease and rest Rehevea
Itching instantly. This is a new discovery «ad
is the only pile remedy sold on positive guar
antee, no cure, no pay. A free sampl» will b#
sent by mail to any one sending name and ad
dress. Price. 50c. If your druggist don't keea
it in stock send 5Oc in stamps and we win for
ward full size box by mail. Manufactured k»
PARIS MEDICINE CO.. St. Loul,, Mo .wll
also manufacture the celebrated cold curlt
Laxative Bromo-Quinlne Tablets.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 22, 1902.
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Bromo-Qulnine Tablets ~ - All
drugKists refund the money it It falls to curs
E. W, Grove's signature is oa each box. 26c '
¦ Mayor, Schmitz Immediately caused the
following letter of instructions to be sent
to: the Police Commissioners: i-v .- •< ¦¦••**^
¦ t... U" • " ' ' : ¦ : ' ' ' ' April 21, 1002
.The Board of ¦ Police Commissioners—Gentle
men : Information has Just been brought to me
that in the pending strike of street car em
ployes arrangements have been made by the
Lnlted Railroads of San Francisco with cer
tain private detective agencies of. the city to
arm special deputies : and to place them upon
the cars of the tled-up systems.'., - , •
As Mayor. of this city I am; taking part with
neither side of the controversy/, but what woul-1
not be permitted to the. striking employes will i
certainly not be allowed to the employers
All ; violence must be discouraged and sup
pressed. L and all action on either side tending
toward riot and bloodshed must be stopped .
It Is well known that - the employment of
armed men to represent either side of the pres
ent difficulty will, naturally result In producing
conditions of violence and disorder. ¦ ¦ ¦ .
;.¦ I. therefore request and direct that during the
continuance of this: strike no permits to carry
d.adly weapons.be .issued by your, board, and
that no private detective agency be granted the
right to employ and arm special ' private detec
k tlves ass the purposes Indicated. - , - . .- -,
fflMKSfti-rfiUMhirfBuMBtHHiH'i t ' wwfrMWBTHftB- tMwflffl-r
l A delegation of -strikers appeared at
Mayor Schmltz's office yesterday and
lodged Information that a report had been
filed • at headquarters to the effect that
Curtin's Detective Agency had been re
tained by the United I Railroads' for the
purpose of protecting Its- property- >"and
that, many men were being armed in fur
therance of that design. . ¦ .
Mayor Schmitz informed the committee
that no such action on the part of the
agency in question or any one else would
be tolerated. The committee departed
with the understanding, that if any detec
tives of the agency named attempted
any; display of force at any of the car
barns the Mayor should be notified at
once. ¦; >•'.... .... i ..¦
NO PERMITS TO
CARRY WEAPONS
TO BE ISSUED
As Illustrative of the ability to operate, the
cars with proper police protection and of the in
ability to operate them without, we beg to
Ftaf that this morning a Sacramento-street
car had no difficulty In making a round trip
with two police officers aboard, whereas, when
these two officers were withdrawn, the carmen
declined, through personal fear, to proceed fur
ther with their work. This is but an illustra
tion of the condition existing on all of i t'M
lines. That 'the fears of the "men. are n/t
wholly groundless and that there is urgent a*id
Immediate necessity for aproper police protec
tion is evidenced by the following incidents of
personal assault and physical damage lo prop
erty, which is but a partial list of similar inci
dents which have occurred since the strike-be
gan last evenlne:
l: / O. ¦ Vorbeck,' car 452. Jackson street, was
assaulted by an unknown man at Powell and
Car Makes Bound Trip.
You can readily appreciate the Inconvenience
to the traveling public which will be occa
sioned by the stoppage of streetcar traffic in
ban Francisco, and tte therefore respectfully
ask that you aid the several companies In the
discharge of the duties which they owe to the
public in the operation, of their several street
car lines. From the facts before us It Is per
fectly apparent that with proper police protec
tion the effects of the strike will be shortlived
and the several lines affected will soon resume
their normal condition. This protection, how
ever, to be adequate must Include the presence
on each car so. operated of one or more police
officers to Insure the personal safety of the
men in charge of *aid car. "We believe that
two policemen on each car. one in the front of
the car and one In the rear end. will be suffi
cient, although, of course, subsequent events
would determine Just what would be necessary
and of which you. of course, would be enabled
to Judge better than ourselves.
Captain George W. Wlttman, Chief of Police
Hall of Justice. San Francisco. — Sir: - A strike
on the lines of. the street railways, belonging to
the United Ralroads of San Francisco, but still
operated by the former owners thereof, to wit:
The Market Street . Hallway Company, Sutter
Street Railway Company, Sutro Railroad Com
pany and " the San Francisco and San Mateo
Electric Railway. Company, has made it diffi
cult to operate Hhe cars on those lines in the
absence of police protection tor the men operat
ing same. The companies above referred to
have sufHclent men to operate the cars upon
their respective lines providing the men thus
engaged are properly protected . from personal
harm. ' . ' '.
The following .letter was received by
Chief 'of Police. Wittman from the United
Railroads yesterday: \
COMPLAINS
OF;VIOLENGE
OF STRIKERS
Chief of Police Wlttman stated that,
thus far no tendancy toward violence had
been shown, and that there was no neces
sity for protection, other than that which
could be. amply afforded by the regular
police force. The question as to the right
of private detectives to carry [ weapons
was discussed, and the conclusion of the
board, after having consulted the Politi
cal Code, was that their privileges were
no greater than any other citizen's, unless
they were added to, in the regular way
by the Police Commissioners.
Superintendent Vining of the United
Railroads sent a communication request
ing that the privilege of carrying a con
cealed weapon be granted to one Samuel
H. Plnkerton,- who is to be employed as a
watchman of the company's property.
As Vining's office boy had brtfught the
communication^ and no one appeared to
urge that it be granted, the board ordered
Pinkerton to appear at the next regular
meeting and state his request in person.
At -yesterday's meeting of- the Police
Commission the matter : of retail drug
gists selling liquor for medicinal purposes
was put over for discussion until tho next
regular meeting. ' :
Officers Hostitter, O'Shay, Dougherty
and Herring were fine* for leaving theii
beats, and Officer Rooker will contribute
to the police fund for not making a report
of why ha was absent from his beat.
the present car strike has been
settled. The matter was brought
to the attention of the board by Mayor
Schmitz, who not only sent a communica
tion, but .was present to discuss the situa
tion and to define the stand he takes re
garding the arming of private citizens. .
AT a. meeting of the. Police
Commissioners I held J yesterday
afternoon at the Hall of Justice
it was decided to refuse appli
cations for permits to carry
concealed weapons until after
]¦•- "I have a'great admiration for the r.ien
I that worked for the Market-street • road
I I :. think they are < the best bodv of men
I In any city in : this country. I am *or
ry s to see them on strike. I think that
they -were satisfied ; with their work • but
as . Is always the way In • a strike, the
outside • man is the. acitator and get3
them to strike. I am Informed that most
of the men | were intimidated • into I leaving
their cars on Saturday, I and that they did
not ..want -to quit, but: were forced to
do - — "r*;*- " * J^rT g lf^*jrMBBTrjfa"r33«M!it'
"Attorney Tlrey L. For ¦ was seen at his
residence. late last evenine.- He said that
there* wasj no, change, in ; the aspect 'of the
atrika. .;... ¦-..,: - - .-
"There can only, be one result— the rall
load must win. It can get -all the men
it wants. Take, for instance, Chicago.
The carmen- there would be only, too glad
to come out here and work if they knew
that they ¦ could secure employment. The
men are paid high wages in San Fran
cisco, the weather ., is gocd, and carmen
from the. East would be only too glad
to come to California.
"How many strikes have you been con
nected with, Mr. Huntington?" was asked
"Ten;" was the : reply, Vand I never
lost ' one of ' them. The biggest was the
Newport News strike last year.. It lasted
six weeks, ; and 7000 men were thrown out
of employment." They all voted unani
mously; at ! last that - they wanted , to
come back to work. " I don't- believe in
granting concessions to men when they
are out. They should be made. while they
are working." ' ¦¦.
"What do you think th« result of this
strike will.be?" was asked.
' "When I was with the Market-street
Railway," he . said, - "Mr. Vinlng used to
tell | me that the trouble was that the
men used »Xo work by the hour, and he
bad difficulty in keeping them from work
ing too many hours. They knew that the
ionger; they worked the more. money they
r.iade, and it was hard to -keep them off
the cars." .
Although TJre'y L. Ford la the leading
representative of the Baltimore syndicate,
the old attorneys of the Market Street
Hallway are still assisting in legal mat
ters until the 1st of May. Chief Counsel
W. F. Herrin of the Southern Pacific has
been in many conferences with the direc
tors of the United Hauroads since the
strike commenced. In an interview he
stated that the company stood in no dan
ger of losing its franchises.' He said a
railroad company could not lose a fran
chise except in a case of willful non-op
eration.'. "When physical force is used
against a road to prevent the operation of
its system the company is not to blame.
He further explained that if a railroad
can fully demonstrate that . through no
fault of its own it is unable to run cars
a court will take a lenient view of th-i
matter. . . ¦',-:
H. E. Huntington was interviewed af
ter he Icft.the offices of the company yes
terday . afternoon and from hte remarks
it could be judged that he was simply
voicing the views of the directors of the
United Railroads. .-He says that the strike
was a great surprise to him, and though
he is no longer- connected with tne street
car systems in 'this city, he thought that
the men were perfectly with
their condition, j • . - ~ •- . .
Acting President Arthur Holland was
closeted nearly all day with General Man
ager Vbiins. He left the offices of the
company aoout 4 o'clock and hurried on
to Market street. He refused to make
any statement, his only remark being:
"We intend to run our cars as soon as
possible; in fact, as soon as we can g-jt
the men."
President Holland was very nervous and
showed great resentment toward the
newspaper artists who tried to take his
picture. He declined to pose for a pho
tograph, and held the lapel of hia over
coat over his" face every time a camera
was leveled at him.
¦ The United Railroads have one street
car line operating, which has been un
affected, by the strike- This is the old
horse-car line that runs from Montgom
ery and California streets to the ferries.
There are two horse-cars - on this lin^,
and since the strike -the horse-cars have
been crowded on every trip. Superintend
ent'of-Construction H. H. 'Lynch has
charge of this line, and he was in a very
happy mood yesterday to think that this
road had been given the overlook by the
union car men. .
HOLLAND WILL NOT TALK.
Thus $50 has to belaid out by all the men
before they go to work.
Mayor .Schmitz Is
Against Granting
Weapon Permits
£ HUMORQUS • JNCIDENTS .- OF
V ; \THE STRIKE^ AND SCfNES
> r ON; M AKK ET. .STREET;: '' :{.,
' 1. That you detail such force as you may
deem necessary to protect life and property at
each of. the carhouses above set. forth.. • ¦*¦
2. a That you further detail, one or more do- :
licemen .(-we believe two would; be suffltcient)
for ¦ each . car operated so lonog as conditions
may .'necessitate the protection thus suggested
Respectfully. - - ¦ . - ,. . - .,. .-:-/?",
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO
i By -Executive Committee of Board of Direct
ors. ¦- ;¦ -, _J ..-. v :..';'. .;•:>, ¦ '• -"... :,.¦••:-. •;
You can thus see the difficulties which sur
round the operation of cars on the street rail
ways above referred to in the absence of com
plete and. adequate protection at the hands of
your department. We therefore most respect
fully request:
Difficulties Apparent.
23. Sunday, April 20, 1002, this morning
about 11 o'clock, as the Sacramento-street car
in charge of Gripman W. F. Wrenn was about
to start from Central avenue and Sacramento
street, a man In the crowd said. that "Wrenn
lived in the same house he did and he' would
lay .for him when he • came in. . to-night and
would cut his belly-open." ¦ .- . : • •¦
24. Sunday. April 20, 1902. Car 1001, Mis
sion-street line,, left Twenty-ninth and Mission
streets carhouse about 4 p. m. in charge ¦ of
Motorman J. M. Yocum. a number of officials,
Including General Manager E.' P. Vinlng and
Division Superintendent M. D. Stein' and ' a
number of conductors and motormen. The
car ran to the ferry and upon Its return to the
carhouse at - Twenty .-ninth . street the ! mob In
the vicinity of carhouse threw rocks, breaking
two windows. M. D." Stein, division superin
tendent, was struck on the leg by a rock, also
Mr. Powell, one of the motormen. . Several po
lice officers were on the scene and prevented
further damage to the occupants' of this car. s
25. After leaving the carhouse Conductor D.
J.Craig, who was one of the persons on the car
that was sent out from the Twenty-ninth and
MUsion streets carhouse this afternoon Sun
day, April 20. 1902. was attacked by the
strikers, also A. S. Popp, a conductor, was also
on the car and was attacked as he was leaving
the carhouee and badly cut about the face. The
mob have threatened to kill the motorman who
operated the car and also • to : injure ; the other
persons who were riding thereon. .
20. At all of the carhouses where cars are
dispatched large crowds assembled, and by
threats and lntimldatio.n prevented many > em
ployes from Raiting out their cars through fear
of bodily injury,- no police being on hand early
this morning. Sunday, April 20, 1002; also the
large crowds hanging around the vicinity of the
carhouse during the day. List . of carhouses ¦
Twenty-eighth and Valencia streets, Halght and
Stanyan streets, Hayes and Lott streets, Turk
and Fillmore streets. San Jose and Geneva aVe
nues. Sacramento street and Central avenue
Twenty-fourth and Castro streets, McAllister
and Lott streets. Twenty-ninth and Mission
streets. Twenty-fourth and Kentucky > streets
Washington and Mason streets; Polk and Butter
streets. Central avenue and Sutter street and
Clement street and .Thirty-third avenue. '
21. Ira Bray, starter at Ferry, was acting
as gripman on one of the Market-street cable
cars, and at Eighth and Market streets a man
"struck Bray in the'face.- ¦.-¦-.-. ... .
. 22. Six windows were broken on Third and
Kearny street cars.
20. B. Young, grlpman. Castro-street line,
was also pulled off his car on Saturday even-
Ing. April 19. 1902. ' . .
17. S. J. Roles, gripman, Castro-street line,
was pulled off his car by strikers, Saturday
evening. April 19." 1902.
18. J. Mears. gripman. Castro-street line.
was pulled off his car by strikers Saturday
evening. April 19, 1902. . -
10. , R. H. Glienke. gripman. Castro-street
line, was puled oft his car on Saturday even-
Ins. April 10. 1902.
15.' J. Gray., gripman, Halght-street line,
was forcibly pulled off his car. He was allowed
to take the car to -the carhouse upon his prom
ise not to bring his car down town again.- on
Market street Saturday evening, April 19. 1002.
1C. Twenty-six windows broken on Haight
street line Saturday evening, April 19. 1002.'
- 14.> The Hayes-street line had thirty win
dews broken on Saturday evening April 19,
1902. .- ' . .. , -
¦ 13 " L. E. Cramer, gripman on a Hayes-street
car. -was pulled off his car backwards by his
neck, and his back was very badly sprained, so
ha bad to go to his home.
12. 'Several employes on the Hayes-street
line Stated that if police protection were fur
nished they, would taka the cars out.
11. Windows broken as follow*: . McAllister
street line, 30 windows broken Saturday even
ing, April ,10. 1002. ,
-10. C. Thompson, gripman. McAllister-street
line, was forcibly puleld off his car on Market
street Saturday evening. April 1J*. 1902.
: 8. * The following Valencia-street ¦ cars had
windows broken on Saturday evening. April, 10,
1002: Car No. 36. X window; car No. -Si!.. 2 win
dews; car Xo."*14, -5 windows; car No. 21. 7
windows; car No. 37, 3 windows; car No. 35,
.1. window; car No. 7. 4 windows; car No. 30.- 1
window; total. 24 windows. ' ' \ '
• 0. "W. Doxey conductor, McAUIster-streot
line, was struck on the ' head by -• a rock by
seme one unknown on Saturday evening, April
19. 1902. , . ; .
7. O. D. Gllstrap. conductor -Valencia-street
line, was pulled off hls'car on Market street by
a mob of. men on Saturday, April 19, 19O2.\ " :
4. Three windows were broken by stones
thrown against Kearny and Mission-street cars,
and about twelve cars had their trolley ropes
cut on Saturday evening. April 10. 1002.
5. O. McQuade, conductor on a Misslon
fitreet car. was* hit. In the face by a . stone
thrown at him at Sixth and Mission streets on
Saturday evening. April 10. . r- .:;: ..V ,
0. A. H.Lockwood.- gripman Valencia-street
line, made one trip this morning, a"nd' upon the
car's return to Twenty-eighth and Valencia
Etrttts a large crowd of sympathizers pulled the"
gripman off the car— he desired to continue
work— April 20; 1902. ". "¦-? *•*• " j$ai»|tt|-* 1
Ellis streets," 1 .* al about. 6:45"p. m.. Saturday,
April \J J00?. ;' • • ,
2. • The Oast to and Twenty-sixth" streets turn
table was tampered with by unknown persons
on Saturday night, April 19. 1902. and planks
and latches were torn off, ' \.t .-*"
3. Motor-man T, F. Kelly, on car 1174, Kear
ny fcnd. Mission streets, desired to stay with his
car, but a mob took the controller away from
lilm, bo he was powerless to move his car — the
car was coupled to another car and taken
to the carhouse on April 10.
Thi>- regular municipal authorities and the
regular police department are amply able to
handle the/situation and to do their full duty
to the people In the premises.
If armed men be permitted to convoy cars it
will naturally follow that armed inen will
shortly- thereafter be found also among the men
on strike, and the result Is not, difficult to
prophecy. . : .: . '
'¦¦¦ The conditions are now peaceful, and peace
ful and orderly they must remain. . Respect-,
fully yours. ' E. E. SCHMITZ. Mayer.
HEI MAY BE BROUGHT FROHfl EAST
Mayor Schmitz said during the day that
he would, oppose the issuance of permits
to carry weapons 'to • any one during the
pendency of the strike. . He deemed this
to be a wise measure, and "one which
would result, in benefit to the city at
large. ':'¦''..¦'-:.''¦¦¦'>':'¦¦.-¦¦ •"**¦ ¦¦¦¦ ,- ¦"" .
Continued. From Page One.
As the days pass the necessity for
transportation by wagon becomes more
apparent. ; The owners of the vehicles are
earning good money and there is none
who is not inclined to wish them success
in their enterprise. Meanwhile- the out
side residents are wondering how long the
strike will last and just how long they
must be • bundled . about in springless
wagons or walk. .
The vehicles which did the most busi
ness were those provided" with-.loud
voiced fellows who shouted through mega
phones that their teams were the best on
the street. One lusty chap yelled con
tinuall" "Here's the only palace car. on
the line; reserve your seats in time!" An
other informed the waiting puolic that
his "Pullman would start for Twenty
fourth and Valencia streets in ten min
utes." Each vehicle bore rudely painted
signs, indicating its destination and stat
ing the amount of the fare to be paid in
return for the. service rendered. This
was paid .without protest, the sentiment
being that the advanced rates were rea
sonable and just.
1 he spectacles that greeted pedestrians
throughout the day were not devoid of
interest. To the majority of the people
the sights were unusual and therefore
novel. To those who were compelled to
tramp to and from -their homes in the
absence of suitable conveyances, the ex
perience was one fraught .with discom
fort. Men had to get up by candle light
and leave their homes before dawn in or
der to report for duty three miles away at
7 a, m. -Many men ¦ remained, "^downtown
all night in order to be on haad early in
the morning, ¦ their old-time "excuse that
they missed the last car standing them -in
good stead when matutinal explanations
were in order. ¦' * . ¦ ks ;-¦¦ ¦ i .,
Every old rattle-trap of. -a wagon in the
city and many attenuated specimens: of
horseflesh were in use along Market
street. These vehicles were provided
chairs and cloth-covered seats and pre
sented a very inviting aspect to the resi
dent who had to cover a trifle of twenty
blocks or so in order to reach his home.
Gaily dressed women did not disdain to
ride in trucks drawn by four horses, nor
did gentlemen with plug hats refuse to ac
cept seats in express wagons at 10 cents
a trip. Social distinction and forms were
forgotten for the time^nd all seemed to
enjoy the occasion as a picnic. Every
body smiled, and accepted the discomforts
of the hastily improvised accommodations
as a matter of course. The passengers
declined to become angry at anything, all
declaring that if they arrived home in
comparative safety they would regard the
experience of the; day as worthy of • re
membrance as long as they lived. ¦
To the residents in the outskiHu. of the
city the inauguration of the strike/was ji
very serious matter, for it involved un?
usually early rising and the exercise of
the pedal extremities to' a degree hitherto
unknown. Necessity is the mother of in
vencion. and it is not surprising, therefore,
that expressmen . and others; who had
wagons and horses lying around loose
concluded to press them ' into service.
That this was done was quite apparent to
any one walking along the main thor
oughfares after 6 p. m.
-,, v," latter '70's, when ox teams were
used in/transporting passengers from the
Palace Hotel to the, territory beyond the
Yerba Buena • Cemetery, on which, the
City Hall now stands. But the gentleman
with the reminiscences was practically
forg-Jtten in the popular excitement 'at
tending the strike developments.
A'«j"iJ HE oldest inhabitant was in his
I W Storjr yesterday. During the
.-" ¦;•¦¦ tremendous' procession of. crowd
' I . «d vehicles along Market street
H" vr he' was reminded of the famous
¦"'*'¦* street car men's strike in the
Unusual Scenes Are
Witnessed Along
Market Street
O. J. Camp. who x claims to be a private
detective in the employ of the Curtin De
tective Agency, was arrested about mid
night lasj. "night In the vicinity of Wash
ington and Mason streets. He claims he
was employed to watch the property of
the railway company: He was charged
¦with carrying concealed weapons. This
is the first arrest of this kind that has
been made.
2
They please in shape, color, price
In our windows to-day we are showing the hats that have
built U P our hat department— they are leaders at the followinc
pnces-$i ; 3O,\$i.o5, $2.50 and $3.00. ""owing
In price they, represent what most men pay for their hats
Each price is about one-fifth less than exclusive dealers charze for
> \ the very same quality hats.
• In colors every man's taste is represented, for the assortment
contains all the colors known to the season.
I n In sha Pes every stjle is present— there are Derbys, Fedoras
\ Graecos, Dunlap Crushers, Alpines and Pantourists. ' '
/ Out-of-town orders filed— write us.
718 Market Street
Nervous? 1
. Horsford's Acid Phosphate j
quiets and strengthens the |
nerves, allaying their weak- g
encd and irritated condition, g
which causes wakefulness, B
nervousness and exhaustion, fi
It improves the appetite, g
cures stomach ailments and |
induces refreshing sleep. R
Insist on having |
\ Hor^sford 9 * 1
Acid I
Phosphate I
BmMi an* «a *nrj 6Z5TCSZ fAtgt gAsiatics Receive
Pay That Should
Go to Americans
Odorous Orientals
Take Place of
White Laborers
Hires Mongolians to
Pick and Pack
His Fruit Crop
THOUGH RABID IN CRY FOR EXCLUSION
H EAR ST EMPLOYS CHINESE ON ESTATE
People Lose Temper
and Threaten to
Drive Out Coolies
Incendiary Fires
on the Property
Evidence Anger
Palermo Citizens
Give Opinion of
Editor's Conduct
ESTABLISHMENT ON, THE ESTATE OF WILLIAM RJ HEARST WHERE THE FRUIT, CROPS ARE PREPARED
BY ODOROUS CHINESE COOLIES FOR SHIPMENT, DILAPIDATED AND UNCLEAN STRUCTURES IN
WHICH THESE MONGOLIANS RESIDE. .CITIZENS WHO DENOUNCE METHOD3PF. THEIR EMPLOYER.
W. H.-.Cox.i was seen at work on his
olives at" the' Glass &.Cox olive pickling
house inVPalermo. In talking of the ad-
their work Is not near as good as the work of
the white girls: • , :
Hearst could set all the girls he would need
to pack his fruit crops. Chinamen ret the work
at his grove to the exclusion of white labor. I
have known whole families to come in in wa
gons and wait and wait in the hope of em
ployment, bat their waiting has been in vain.
One has only to let it be known and men and
women will come from all parts around. Many
keep away because of the employment of Chi
nese, who. by the way, never spend a cent of
their earnings other than that which goes for
rice and a little pork. It is a hardship on tho
willing workers of the place and surrounding
country.
Hans Frederickson. superintendent of
Major Hooper's orange grove, and who Is
admitted to be one of the most success
ful orchardlsts in. the Palermo colony,
said: . " •
Hearst talks a good deal in hia papers, th«
Examiner, the Hew York Journal and his Chi
cago American, about the protection of the la
borer, but In view of the fact that he employ*
Chinese on his estates in Palermo. I should say
that all his talk Is for self, for politics and pa
tronage. . . ...»,
M. E. Phares of Oroville has this to say
about the employment of Chinese on tha
Hearst estates: .•.•;¦"¦
I can not understand Hearst giving employ
ment to Chinese In preference to our own peo
ple. I maintain that whatever work there is
should go to our own people. There Is plenty of
white labor ready and willing to work on the
Hearst orange groves and on the deciduous
fruit if he will let it be known that he wants
them and will not employ Chinese.
D. C. McCallum, a real estate man. of
Orovllle, takes the same view as Gray
and the Rev. Mr. Wallace and other pa
triotic citizens of the county in bitterly
opposing the employment of any but
white labor. Mr. McCallum has» this to
say about it:
It is altogether «ut of keeping with tho
preaching of his papers and his supposed pro
tection 'of the American laboring man in this
employment of Chinese upon Heart's estate.
During- last year's pocking: there was a
move to run the Chinese out. Three fires broka
out at Hearst's house. One wm accidental,
but two others were Incendiary. You see whita
men and w?men come in from afar and find
that the Chinese have sot the labor and th»
men grrow ugly when they learn there's noth
ing for them through the employment of thejs
Chinese. Naturally It's a hardship on white
labor.
vantages of Butte County as an olive and
fruit producing country he took occasion
to score Hearst and his Chinamen. He
said:
Laborers Wait in Vain for Work
in Vicinity of Palermo Com-. *
- pany's Land:. , : '
' For days these: American workingmen',"
laborers,- may.: be observed.' standing -or
sitting around in the: vicinity "of 'the Pa
lermo .; Lrfind -;; and Water ! Company's .- offi
ces , in* t he ¦ hope that . they • may ? be '(. called
upon to perform some duty onthe hund
reds i- of ; ; rich, .acres iwhlch 'comprise
Hearst's orange grove and peach orchard;
At the Same Time He Employs
Mongolians to the Exclusion
of Whites.
There are good people in this favored
State who weigh Mr. Hearst and who
have him assayed at his true value, for
they see in him the employer of labor
that is antagonistic to the well being and
the condition of his own race. They know
him to favor and to employ and pay the
very creatures whom he in his
papers rails end denounces as dangerous
to tbe workingmen of the United States.
He calls aloud fpx- *-xclusion of the Chl
rcso ajid he also goes to the expense of
being represented at Washington to help
in tbe passing of an exclusion act and at
tbe same time the very same W. R.
Hearst Is known to be the employer of
Chinese labor on his orange grove at
Palermo. Butte County. And this is
vhere the eccentric contradiction of his
public professions and his private acts
fctand forth as a gigantic monument to
his glaring inconsistencies.
His papers screech for exclusion of the
Chinaman, his money bags at the samo
tlzno feed, clothe and sustain the. China
man, and while he advocates Chinese ex
clusion in the columns of his papers he
BURDEN TO MANY
But the discontent was too deep, to al
low of a perfect J cessation of threatened
hostilities • and as the- people seeking
work came down from the hills
and mountains .' and from distant
towns and " hamlets 'they .' ': became
incensed to flndi that- the, vellow
skins had all the work . ho could
offer." A fire had already taken i place In
Hearst house, which was clearly the
result of 'accident, .but two subsequent
conflagrations were of such a'' nature and
their* origin so suspicious that it: became
whispered around • that Incendiaries had
been at work. These fires were attribut
ed by townsfolk to some strange laborers
who had come from. a dlsfance and find
ing the conditions unfavorable .to their
needs took occasion by. that means 'of
venting their anger. • ', *
The country around- Palermo is essen
tially devoted to agricultural : industry,
therefore.- numerous able-bodied | toilers
tramp from the cities at this time of year,
hoping to obtain employment.' They re
sent the '- encouragement of the yellow
skins and ¦ as Americans 1 cannot
stand why -despised opium fiends," ,who
live on 5 cents a day, should .have .the
preference with. a man : who- 'publicly
boasts his support of the very .class that
in his ..capacity;, he., apparently
ceres not whether, it starves; by the; way-
PATIENCE BECOMES . ;
Anger, at Yellow Skins
: Increases* •
As They Come . for Work Their
Hans Frederickson, an expert orchard
ist and superintendent of Major Hooper's
orange grove, is authority for the state
ment that Hearst pays his Japanese la
borers—and ho has many on his decid
v»us fruit orchard as Jaw as 85 cents
a day; but it is admitted that the Chi
nese are more independent and 1 demand
more than do the Japanese " -~. u
The white man asks 51 50 and $1 63 a
day and boards himself, or $1 a dav with
board. The white girls and women get
S»£ cents per box for packing oranres
making from 51 50 to B BO a day. w^to
each twenty girls thero must be a box
nailer at $1 63 a day and a man to load
the oranges at the same figure
Although there is grave secrecy anent
the contract labor price Hearst pays his
Chinamen, it is presumed by those who
are an authority on such matters that the
own»r of "American papers for American
people" bestows upon his Chinese proteges
5 cents a box for packing, nailing and
loading his oranges. There are some who
assert their belief that Hearst pays 6
cents for the work, but this Is doubtful
It ip well known in the neighborhood of
his estates that this friend of the Amer
ican laboring man, this protector arid sav
ior of the American people, who, however
prefers to employ on. his private estates
In the years 1897 • and 1899 . W. Skinner
of Marysville purchased, the orange crop
on Hearst's estate, and: employed white
men and women. His humane treatment
of his employes is to this day. a matter
of record, and consequently there are
many regrets that the orange groves went
back two years ago to (Hearst, who has
rince steadfastly maintained his Chinese
i»ot in luxury, either, but In an old shack
in which between thirty and fifty Mon
golians live in un-Christian assembly, In
<lirt and nauseating atmosphere. To use
the very expressive description of these
creatures around the Hearst orange
packing house as given by Mrs. C. H.
Peters, wife of the Postmaster of Paler
mo, "they live like pigs."
. But what does it matter so long as the
oranges are gathered and packed, and
landed in the market at a price that will
letch to the Hearst pockets a certain
profit? What does it matter If the. sons
and the daughters of the residents of
Palermo are denied a livelihood so Jong
as Ah Fong Lee & Co. of Orovllle and
others who supply Chinese labor are en
abled to stock the Hearst orange groves
and orange-packing house at a contract
IT « the seas on satisfactory to
Hearst?
Atmosphere Near the Pack
in g-Hcuse.
Assemble i.v Dirt and Nauseating:
'.¦*: ThereJUTa" good' deal'of hard 'feeling against
Hearst; < and. If °he were.dolnr' what- was right
he i would-: cut the Chinese ajul' Japs out.~ In
packing, the Chinese charge a little less, bui
> Byron',Huse; a president "of: Palermo 'for
forty. .years, was seen • at: work on ¦ one of
the estates. of Ithe colony. He said: •,
¦; - 1 " feel * that i the employment of Chinese for
the -last two orange crops by Hearst Is detri
mental : to ; the good . and ; faithful working | men
and women of Palermo and the • outlying dis
tricts .who ; can supply all ; the' labor necessary
during..' the; orange crops , as > pickers, ,*. packers
and transporters. It Is a crime when' so many
of j our ¦ own' people " are , able " and ,: willing to
work • that •,, they .: are, ( nevertheless,' superseded
by Chinese, van element that Is a menace to
the people of our own . blood. " '
The. reverend gentleman says
: The, Rev. Mr.. Louis Wallace, pastor of
the church,.- of Palermo
find -'a kinsman of the famous soldier and
author/of "Ben Hur," General Lew Wal
lace. Is also outspoken In his condemna
tion ot-the employmetnt or the Chinese by.
Hearst; in-'preference to white .labor.
?.¦: It ¦would.be well,*, indeed, for those who em
ploy 1 * Chinese, to discard the labor and let the
country be. settled up by our, own race.
*I have* 100 acres of olives, 60 acres of figs
and 3000 peach .trees, and to those who assert
that if. Is hard to get white ' labor, I distinctly
say that I : find no difficulty in setting .white
laborers sufficient , to harvest my crops, and.
further,! they do the work in &' better and more
satisfactory manner than either -Chinese or
Japanese.' V
' .1 pay -'my, labor $30 a month and give them
good-lodging and board. ¦
1 First of ' all, I feel confident that wo have
ninety-nine, out- of every hundred persons in
this '.portion of the Sacramento Valley, who are
infavor.of the Chinese, exclusion act. j
Superior- Court Judge John Carlton
Gray,- in- discussing the employment of
Chinese labor, said :
¦ ' That "Mr. W. 'R. Hearst may become
acquainted with the opinions formed by
his ' neighbors ' on the ¦* matter • of his
strcnge preference for Chinese as.work
ers in '..his orchards and orange grove and
fruit-packing house ¦ thet following inter
views -are published, with the hope that
the Hearst-American exclusion act, as it
Is' applied in Palermo, Butte county, may
be -modified in favor of the American
toiler:, ,..-¦: .
He wields his authority to the extent of
the absolute exclusion of the American
laborer from his vast estates, while ac
tually- favoring his uncanny i Chinamen,
men of a race that editorially he despise?,
a people that editorially he would have
banished from American soil, but a peo
ple miles away In the mountain country
he .takes -beneath his protecting wing to
the . and | astonishment of his
own": countrymen and countrywomen.
His. power as a landlord is admitted.
They r sit 'and they smoke and they hope
until, patience becomes a burden, and
then one may hear murmurings of doubt
as to :the. sincerity of the owner of "the
American for the American peo
ple." It- Is hoped by those who depend
largely, on orchard labor In Butte. county
that the' publicity of the facts as. they
stand may bring Mr. Hearst to a^realiza
.tlon of ! the discrepancies between his
editorial teachings and his actions.
the disappointment. and indignation that a
serious outbreak was looked for in the
colony. Men met and discussed the se
rious matter, and while cool heads argued
that there was no redress— that Hearst
in his position was more formidable than
any trust or monopoly, there were others
who favored . a march onto the estate,
with.' the object of- running -the Hearst
army, of Chinese .fruit • gatherers out * of
the colony.^ . " ¦.¦'¦' ...
Wise* counsel j prevailed, however/and
beyond loud threats no further steps were
taken. „ ;
DISCONTENT GROWS
AMONG THE PEOPLE
While looking forward to the approach-
Ing orange season, the people of Palermo
elso look backward on the last two sea
eons' crops, which on W. R. Hearst's es
tate were gathered in and handled solely
by Chinamen to the exclusion and undis
guised disgust of the white labor of the
vicinity and outlying districts.
H is argued, that W. R. Hearst labels
each one of his newspapers with the pa
triotic and beautiful sentiment, "An
American Paper for American People,"
and that be trots out his patriotism, |
which, by tha way, is true Hearst parlot- ,
Ism. unique and anomalous, at a gait
which dazzles- the- easily dazzled, but can
never deceive those who think for them- '
selves and who distinguish the sterling
ring of the true patriot and rhilanthro
pist from the one who flaunts and ever
lastingly crows his counterfeit patriot
ism for the sake of self-aggrandizement,
Kelf-glcrification and pecuniary results.
For with all his flaunting of his "patriot
ism," with all his professions of love for
the American workingman, with all his
energy in the direction of installing him
self as the workingman's savior and pro
tector. Mr. Hearst strangely strays from
the path of the friend and protector and
in his private capacity as landlord and
land cwr.er he employs and pays and
patronizes that very Labor which he in
public condemns as a menace to Ameri
can institutions and the workingmen of
the country-
HEARST ADVOCATES
CHINESE EXCLUSION
certain employer of Cbina
snen persists in his determination to
employ that undesirable class of labor on
liis vast estates. The subject of the
wrath of the people of the orange belt is
W. R. Hearst, whose rabid utterances In
lavor of whit© labor and whose employ
ment of Chinamen on his orange groves
et the same time constitute an anomalous
condition of affairs past understanding.
0P..OVILLE. April 2L— There Is a
strong and bitter feeling in
Palermo, Butte County, when
ever the subject of Chinese, ex
clusion is broached, and there
are rumors of trouble if a
That the Chinese pack the fruits better
than the Americans Miss Klrby stoutly
denies She maintains that apart 1 from
the advantage of the cleanliness of the
Americans they pack the. fruit better and
more expeditlously than do the Chinese,
therefore she is at a loss to understand
Hearst's strange preference for the soiled
Oriental laborers, whose loathsome hand
touch should never contaminate the citrus
and deciduous fruits of the State.
Hearst does: not even find a single,ex
cuse in the expressed opinions of the
kindly clergyman, the Rev. Louis .Wal
lace who has good things to say of al
most everybody. But in dlscusBing Hearst
and his Chinamen the reverend gentle
man. In the knowledge of the : injury to
so. many of the workingmen of the cciun
ty. grows vexed and Indignant and de
plores that such labor as -the beautiful
orchards afford should be handed over
to a race of people with whom Ameri
cans cannot associate in toil.. : Mr. Wal
lace declares that there is an abundance
of white labor to be obtained,. and he de
jttores-the employment of the Chinese by
Hearst. • ' * '' . . !
That Hearst's treatment of the laboring
class of Butte County is deeply, resented
has been made known more tham once.
It was only last year that murmurs^of
discontent and indignation were heard on
the roadside and in the ' cottages. , The
American workingmen of Palermo and
those disappointed ones; who came to the
colony in the hopeof securing* work on
Hearst's estate. became disgruntled.; They
beheld the greasy, . unwashed ¦ Mongolians
working' at' Hearst's '¦ orange packing
house while they* were made idle. So
many were .the J threats that grew from
Laborers Excel Chinese at
theWcfk.
Apart From Ge ; nlincss, "White
They come to Palermo in wagons after
traveling many miles in search of a liveli
hood, but they, do not encounter In Hearst
•the true patriotism of Louis Glass or Ma
jor Hooper, Judge Gray, Edward E. Pot
ter, Arthur Corwln, Mr. Harwood and
other owners and superintendents of,or
chards thriving in the neighborhood of the
Hearst groves. . . .
Mr. Hearst can no longer stand upon
the excuse that his orchards and groves
are let to others, for beyond question they
have not been In the hands of any one else
but Hearst himself since Skinner gave
them up in 1899, and, as before stated,
when that gentleman purchased the crops
of that andithe preceding year he engaged
scores of white men and women to gather
in the oranges and pack and dispatch
them. He even brought with him from
¦Marysville a host of hands, American men
and women, to aid in the gathering and
ha Sk1n 1 ne 8 r O found C no P diffl C ulty In gettingali
th« employes he needed. - *
Miss Nellie Klrby of Palermo acted as
his forewoman, and she shows' that,; the
earnings of the women Skinner employed
were from $1 50 to $2 50 a- day.
AMERICANS MAKE
THE EEST PACKERS
Then, why does Mr. Hearst lean so te
naciously toward the employment of
Chinese In his orange igroves?
He knows full well that he has only to.
announce that he will employ no more
Chinamen on his estates; that nevermore
will he have them picking and packing his
citrus and deciduous fruits, and he can be
inundated with Americans, sturdy men
and 'women, who are only too willing to
work. . ¦ ..•.-¦¦
Surely were he paying them the price
asked by the American laborers, for whom
he has such concern, his offense, already
bad enough in giving preference to -the
Chinamen, would be even worse than it is.
by Americans His Stand
Wcu'd Be Wor-e.
Were Hearst Paying: P«cc Asked
alien laborers of the most ungodly and
filthy habits, obtains all the Chinese he
needs at exceedingly low wages.
LOW WAGES-PAID
LESSENS OFFENSE
LIVE IN OLD SHACK
Hearst Is aware of the antagonism In
Palermo and surrounding towns and vil
lages to his employing Chinese. He knows
well that during the orange season scores
of men and women drive in from. Chlco.
Marysville and Sacramento and from the
mountains but to return disappointed on
being told that the white man's and white
woman's services are not needed by
Hearst.
HEARST'S CHINAMEN
"If there is to be exclusion," say the
good people of Palermo, "what will
Hearst do for labor when the Chinaman
beepmes scarce?"
It Is a notorious fact that Hearst for
the last two years has employed Chtna
n;en In large numbers to pick the
oranges, pack them and load" them. So
far, indeed, has he favored Chinese labor
that they have been employed to do ev
ery kind and description of work on his
vast estate. The excuse for such em
ployment of Chinese is that white labor
is scarce in the neighborhood, but against
such sophistry come the arguments of
Superior Court Judge John Carleton
Gray, who declares there is ample white
labor to be had If wanted. The Judge
declares that he would. not employ Chi
nese upon his orchards, and speaks of
their filthy habits, and, further, he has
no sympathy for any one who employs
Chinamen. :
deliberately gives employment to the Chi
naman to tbe exclusion of tbe American
worklngman.
Such is the condition on the Hearst es
tates.
« s rHILE rabidly declaim
\/\/ ins lil« Interest In
the welfare of the
American laborer and dally
advocatiDC through tbe
colanuii of ; hi* newspapers
tbe re-cnac(meot of tbe Chi
nese exclusion law, William
II. Hearst is marketing the
crops from his vast estate at
Palermo with the assistance
of malodorous Mongolian*,
-whose very existence in the
country he has long- asserted
Is a menace to the welfare of
the nation. The American
workinpmen cannot reconcile
his decided preference for
Chinese labor with his pub
lished contempt for that
class. The feeling; asrainst
Hearst In the vicinity of his
orasge grroves is bitter, and
Last year a threat -was made
to ran every Chinaman on his
estate out of Butte County.
COOLIES AND
HEARST ON
HIS ESTATE
THE SAN4 FRANCISCO GAIL, TUESDAY, AJPRIL 22^ iW)2.
3
.' t Each 'year, sees the.goU as the most popular and -withal com- .
fortable "shirt for the spring and summer seasons.
: : : .Our/ golf 'shirts at $1.00 will interest you. Your first interest
. centers in the very reasonable price; your second lies in the vast
assortment in which the shirts come — there are blues, tans, pinks
lavenders, ox-bloods, greens, etc., in solid colors and pretty com-
bination "stripes. .
/- Each "shirt is made full size — they fit around the neck and the
sleeves are the proper length. The making is all you could wish
, for-^th'e seams are double-sewed and vulnerable points are re- " '
. See "the ; shirts— then choose. . '. :..{ ¦ . .¦
Out-of-town orders filled — write «/*.„
7 18 Market Street.: During - the continuance .of . the i strike,
the train • arriving- '• at ' Third-street . depot
at 6:40 a. m. will stop at Bernal. :R,eturn
.ing', the train '¦ leavings Third-street r - depot
at 6:30 p. m. will stop atBernaL ' v ' • '
Notice to Residents of : Sunnyside
District^ .' ; V
A tramp giving, the name of Long hag
been arrested .-. by •> Deputy Sheriff Bacho
,on suspicion .of: being, one of ..Wilson's bs~
sailants. :? The prisoner- refuses to make
any "statement;". The bridge. whero -Wilson
was- attacked is.eaidto be a rendezvous
for tramps,, and several hold-ups have,oc
curred there. »./-'..-... ' ¦ -, - ; . ,
•-•'¦¦ ¦¦.'•¦ 'i i. ' '? . ."- .. -..¦."¦••. .
'¦¦¦ Fitting 'Alcohol Diatillery.
¦• • SAN . JOSE, '.'April -' 21.— Tho .' Union ' Dis
tillijig,'Company..- which:, recently .pur
chased -the; old r. Lick/ mill-, property near
Agnews, is. spending --.about $50,000 In-flt
tlng-it up^forsan alcohol; distillery.. l .;'A
large force of 'men' is now making alter
ations in the, building-:^ All of the: old mill
machinery,;. is bein,}* removed. " New ma
chinery has arrived and is being put) in
t -
SAN RAFAEL, April': 21.'— OH has been
struck on the San Quentin prison reserva
tion. While convicts were working in the
rock quarry a . seepage ; was discovered,
after a blast and high grade', petroleum
oozed' out. The seepage la said- to be so
abundant as to justify boring .wells.
Oil Strike at San Quentin;
¦ PHILADELPHIA.. April- 2L— After hav
ing tho better of the bout up to the sixth
round at the '- Washington 'Sporting Club
to-night,- Charlie McKeever lost it to
Young Peter Jackson by one. of his sec
onds jumping into the ring and claiming
a fouJ ¦ •
Young Peter Jackson Gets Decision.
.FREEHOLD. N. J., April 21.-fThe will
of Henry M. Bennett, the millionaire who
died recetttly, was not presented .' for pro
bate__to-day. as intended.- A caveat' against
ita proKate lias been filed tn the Surro
gate's Office by "? Samuel- C. Bennett, a
nephew.: -The" ground- for the caveat is
believed to be alleged undue influence on
the part of Laura Biggar, the actress
and chief beneficiary under the will. Two
other nephews Join in the caveat.
: .Laura -Biggar's Legacy.
SAN, JOSE. April 2L— Frank Wilson is
in the County Hospital; suffering from
the effects of a murderous assault by 1 a
gang of tramps on Saturday afternoon
near Palo Alto. There is a deep gash ex
tending" from the : corner of i his j mouth
across the left side of the face to the
middle of his neck, the entire cheek being
laid open, to the-bone. 1 . . ¦ - ¦ ; . .
- 'Wilson, who. had been employed • by. con
tractor Downs of Palo Alto, was walking
across a. bridge between Palo Alto • and
Redwood City, when three men attacked
him, Uieir. object' evidently-being robbery.
After 'a brief struggle, during' which -.he
was slashed with a knife, Wilson was
knocked off the- bridge to the- creek be
low. He' fell about -twenty feet and was
badly bruised-. ( "After, lying -there a;- time
he managed; to/' drag himself to Palo Alto,
whence 'he 'was brought- to ! the ¦ County
Hospital.. Wijson's home is in San'Fran
cisco. ; ¦¦ i--'<( j-'-- ¦'¦¦ ¦:•¦ " v - •"<-: -• •"¦ ¦ ' . '¦
Santa Clara; County
* '''Hospital/, 'ih
San Franciscan Now an Inmate of the
WOUNDED. BY TEAMPS AND,
H& ' HURLED [\ FROM A BRIDGE
ST. PETERSBURG/ April 21.— The news
received here of the rioting at Helsingfors,
Finland. April' IS, after a demonstration
by recruits against the new army eo"iet,
ar'ds materially to the existing uneasiness
in official circles. After the first with
drawal of the Cossacks, who had charged
the people, four fresh companies of troops
were called out to guard against disorders
at the factory closing hour. This precip
itated fresh trouble. The populace > re
.sorted to window-fighting tactics, throw
ing firewood, vitriol, bottles, etc., on tho
heads of the soldiers. The Cossacks, on
returning to their barracks, were, stoned
and compelled to fight, their way home.
'An officer and a non-commissioned officer
were severely wounded, as were six police
men and one Cossack. Several disorders
.continued -throughout the evening. . Quiet
was restored at 1 o'clock in ths morning.
to Fight Their Way Back
to Barracks. .
Soldiers lAre Stoned'; and Compelled
PEOPLE OF HELSINGFOKS
; -- MAKE ATTAQK ON COSSACKS
"Skookurn" Smith, as he was familiarly
known, bought large tracts of land in- Ta
coma just before the Northern Pacific
was completed, and .these became : Valu
able- as the city continued" to grow.' In
his will Smith named his brother, A. : C.
Smith, and George O. Kelly as executors.
During dull times, they mortgaged a small
part of -the .property,- anil* some was en
cumbered when Smith died. During the
depression of several years ago It was
found impossible' to settle up the estate,
and the court allowed the executors to
handle it until the . property should ad»
vance in value enough to pay all claim.V
and leave a. balance for the Smith fam
ily., By the decree Issued to-day by Judge
Chapman the amounts due all claimants
will ; be paid. ' : ,
. TACOM Av April 21.^-What was formerly
the $500,000 Estate, of TidwdrdS:" r Smith,
who died. In lSga, was practically settled
to-day by an order issued by Judge Chap
man directing how the moneys and prop
erty should be applied in settling the nu
merous claims against- th'e estate. The
costs of litigation, together with" interest
on. mortgage loans during the seventeen
years since Smith's death; aggregate such
a large sum that less than $40,000 will be
left.
Special :Dis»atch' to The Call.
LONDON, April .22.^. P. Morgan will j
finance to the extent .of several millions,
a. '.new • uiidergrour)/! railway, system, fn
£ondon~VwhichVwilfvrival .' Charles T.
Yerkes' scheme. of obtaining, possession »f
all ,the intf.-mural • transportation. Clin
ton E« t»awkihs of tl^e "Morgan firm will
testify, to-mor row before 'the House of
Lords committee which is now investigat
ing" ¦"'the" whole' question or>the- under
ground transit of London in favor of the
construction of -a* new. system and guar
anteeing the Morgans' nnancial support.
Combined with the Morgans are the Sie
mens Brothers and other large British
interests;- The promoters expect they
>vill meet- with little dirticulty in -getting
"the . permission of the House: of Lords
committee for the~ construction of their
lines. A decision is expected to be reach
ed-within a -week/ whereupon the Mor
gans will immediately begin the work of
financing . the concern and constructing
the roiids. - The' importance of the scheme
consists chiefly in the amalgamation ef
lccted at the end. of last week under- the
Morgans' auspices of the various -pro-,
jected tubes,, .which, when constructed,
will extend forty -miles in a continuous
line north and to the west and southwest
of the? metropolis. These lines, in ' turn,
will .connect with ninety miles of sur
tace roads, the London 'United ; Electric
lramways being also a member. . of the
new syndicate.
First — The Uerman lines are to have such
representation on the board of control as to
prevent their being outvoted by the' Anglo-
American Interests. The German companies
will thus preserve their independence and will
no more be controlled by their associates than
they will control: them.
Seecnd — A pro rata distribution of profits ac
cording to tonnare will be made.
Third — The German cotripanlcs are to share
In the advantages derived from - whatever
asreement the combination makes with the
American railroad*. Besides these principles,
which broadly outline -the basis of ¦ the-con
tract under which the union of the i German
lines is brought about, reports of othsr ideas,
. Ipsb easily understood,, are in ' circulation.
These are based upon seemingly, authoritative
Information. One of these reports Is that' It
is the purncss -of the allied line's that the
management of the combination - shall con
sist of -three' Broupa, of which the Hamburg-
American .Steam . Packet . Ooirrmny and the,
North German T^loyd line/ shall count' for two
and the- Anjjlo- American lines for. one. j • .
The future working of the combination
appears to be provided' for by. a .system
which is largely automatic, thus avoiding
the- possibility of a conflict an-manage
ment.
The general terms under which the Ger
man steamship Iine3 have joined the inter
national shio combination are understood
to be as follows:
The real American peril, . continues the
Tageblatt, does not lie in American com
petition, but in the possibility of bold
American financiers entangling' German
business in unsound schemes. ¦•
BERLIN, April 21.— The Berliner Tage
blatt expresses the belief , that although
the profits of the ¦• German lines .may
temporarily increase, it will be at; the cost
pf free government in the future ahd the
exposure of German business to destruc
tion,- which American foolhardiness and
American conceit of their greatness are
sure to bring about. '¦
The Pall Mall Gazette thinks the ar
rangement gives the United States an
enormous pull on the Atlantic, and j that
it is not creditable to Great Britain that
English steamship lines should be.domi
nated by Americans.
LONDON, April 21.— What is called the
"Morganlzlng" of the greater section of
the Atlantic ferry, is causing mugh'per
turbation in Great Britain^ The West
minster 4 Gazette suggests it may be en
titled to the grave attention of the gov
ernment, as in some quarters it is Insisted
that the "vital interests of the empire in
time of war may be jeopardized by the
new arrangement," arid almost In the same
breath the paper reiterates the argument
used when the combination was .first
mooted that it would be a powerful peace
factor between America and Great Brit
ain, for the great American financiers
must find it to their own intertst to use
their influence against war between the
two~countries.
New Underground Tran
' sit System Is Planned
rV, for Ljondon. •.
Britons and Germans
Oppose "Morganiz
•s. ing" Steamships.
kittle Bern ain s \ of the
Wealth of
last night at De Smet Mission. He was
90 years old. . .
¦ SaltEf e was. ojj§ of iiie feo'fetvJptable In
- <3lan*,' of -jnodern-tf m«s.' -if e wiis* Srhief of
. the Coufr-d'ArenSs 'for if<Jrty-; years, and
did much for the uplifting pf his tribe
7 fialtsese va< once a great- Warrior/ and lea
: Indians, in fl?htin«: the first white set
< tiers a half-century ago, but for -forty
• year* past he was a: strong advocate o't
-pea?*. He discarded the dress and habit?
, of the Indians many years ago. and- has
lived in a neat frame house and worn the
clothing of the white man. He was hon
ored and respected, and was regarded as
a shrewd business man, having accumu
lated a considerable fortune. ¦
Laden With the Weight of -'.Jfinety'
y^J Years, . Sal tese Stattsfpr* the
»-- : r> Happy Hunting Grounds; r ; ¦>
SyOKAXE.. April JtwChlef Saltese.
formerly the leader of th&.Couer iTAltne
tribe of Indians ln«JCorth«ni> Idaho, died
DEATH CALLS THE AGED.
CHIEF OF COEUB D'ALENES
place. The distillery will be running in a
ahort time. Molasses from the Watson
v.illa and Salinas beet sugar. factories will'
be used in making- alcohol.. Immense res
ervoirs for storing alcohol wlll.be .erected.
Fifty.men will be employed. ," . ' '
'¦-ii:.x ::,-.' -'¦ — ': '? ¦-¦ ¦•¦•-'' ,,. : ;¦¦ ?
Novel Fight Against Trust.
; ITHACA, N. Y. , April 21.— Fifteen rep-;
resentatlyA business men of Ithaca started
to-day to 'compel the big beef companies
to ilow/en the ;prlce. of .meat. weapon
-they, decided to use is the endless chain/
Each business man to-day mailed four let-'
ters to friends, each containing a request
that the recipient abstain from eating
meat for three week's after May 15, and
that the friend write four similar, letters,
containing the same. request.
Beveals His Cached Loot. -
'¦SAN JOSE, April 21.— Frank Valdez,
awaiting trial for burglary, he having
stolen ?250 from R. fi. Armas near May
field, made a confession in 'the ""'County;
Jail last night. To-day he took '- Deputy.
Sheriff Starblrd and snowed hlm> where,
he had buried the money in 'a.\field. The
sum of $140 was recovered, Valdez having
spent the balance. ;. .... -. - ¦
STEEL TRUST
TO REORGANIZE
iWill Become^ a' ; Practical
and Actual Manufac
turing Concern.
, PXTTSBURG. April 21.— The reorganiza
tion of ; the United States Steel Corpora
tion, the obliteration of the names of the
constituent corporations of the greater
"one and the chango of its purpose from
a. purely, financial concern to an operat
ing and. manufacturing company, which
¦shall -.operate directly all the properties
.now.'owned and controlled by it, is the
ESTATE SHRINKS
IN THE COURTS
r HE grand officers of and the
delegates to the G»and Parlor
of the Native Sons of the Gol
den West that is to meet in
Santa Cruz in annual session,
commencing Monday, the, 28th
' inst., will, on the evening of
the Saturday preceding the convention, be
the guests of Stanford Parlor in the ban
quet hall of the Native Sons' building in
this city. The parlor. named. will have a
high jinks from 8 at night until midnight
and later. ¦ ¦"• ¦
The following, day being Sunday there
will not be a procession on the way to
the boat and train for ttie convention city,
but all who are entitled to attend the seo-
MORGAN'S MONEY
TO BACK SCHEME
SEE DIRE PERIL
IN COMBINATION
On Thursday, there will be a drive to
Cupitpla, and in the evening a banquet. '-
, . Proposed Amendment Buried.
So v far no special legislation has been
suggested. I The proposed amendment of
fered at the previous session of the Grand
PArlor by W. H. Devlin of Sacramento
Parlor, limiting.,the-membership. in future
to a certain class of individuals, will be,
brought up and' burted • way down deep,
as the proposition" w-as , submitted to the
subordinate ' parlors * for an expression of '
opinion and that 'opinion V has, from tho
returns, been" inrthe ratio of eleven, toone
against the proposed: c,hange.\ -¦' .
On Monday the. convention , will get
down to business in real earnest, with a
view to expedite matters. . ,V
On Tuesday there will be a morning ses
sion and in the afternoon an excursion
to Watsonville. . '¦' ~
¦¦ On Wednesday the morning session will
close at noon, and between that hour and
2 p. m. the grand officers and delegates
will enjoy a clambake, and in the even
ing they will attend a grand ball in their
honor.
SEVEN;; NATIVE; SONS WHO AS
PIRE? TO BE ELECTED GRAND
TRUSTEES OFiPpPULAR ORDER.
1 > • "> ' ¦ ¦'
The preparations for the coming Grand
Parlor are about complete. The . attend
ance promises to be about, the largest in
the history of the order- The entertain
ment committee Is constantly in receipt
of inquiries for i accommodations, and
nearly every parlor is to be represented
by other members besides the delegates.
The delegations are > to arrive Sunday
and will;be-met at the train by the re
ception committee . and assigned to their
quarters.
On Monday the opening session of th»
Grand Parlor is to be held and a big re
ception haa been planned for the evening.
On Tuesday a mussel /and clam bake,
for which the local parlor is famous, is to
be given at the beach. In the afternoon
on the beach an open air promenade con
cert la in order and in the evening a con
cert is to be. given in town. -¦-
On -Wednesday evening, is ' the grand
ball.-.'.- The, contract, haa been let for the
decoration of the.armory,' and the. aim is
to exceed all ( previous attempts in the
decorative" line. The ball is to be, a bril
liant affair. On Thursday, the last. day.
excursions are to be run. from Watson- '
vine and San Jose and a ,big,time is ex
pected. In the evening the time of times
will be the banquet at the Sea Beach Ho
tel, when the pick of orators will respond
to the toasts. •- *"jV
SANTA CRUZ, April 21.— Much interest
is manifest in the local parlor of the Na
tive Sons of the Golden West In this city
in regard to the coming Grand Parlor of
Native Sons of the Golden West; which
opens on. Monday next.
Santa Cruz Is Interested.
S There will also be.- quite ,a /contest^ for
the office of grand outside "sentinel." . A1-;
bert D. Barman, the incumbent, wants to
retain the .honor of a position « in the
grand parlor for his parlor. Corona of
Los Angeles. Emmet J. Hayden of Ta
malpais Parlor, San Rafael, will, for tho
third time, have his name presented for
Frank L..- Coombs "of Napa Par
lor will l become the " junior past
grand president, and. Lewis, F. By
ington, who has • been -acting grand
president during . the - absence of
President Coombs in "Washington, will be
advanced from first vice president to the
office of grand president. R. H. McNoble
of Stockton Parlor is in lino of promo
tion to first vice president, and for the
office of second vice-president the mo3t
prominent candidate is James L>. Galla
gher of Alcatraz Parlor, who submitted
a brief to all parlors against the proposed
amendment for membership, which it 13
claimed was a potent factor in the result
attained. He is at present grand trustee.
Htnry Lunstedt, who occupies the posi
tion of grand secretary, and haa been
such since the organization of the first
grand parlor and is a charter member of
California Parlor, the .pioneer of the or
der, has met with no opposition up to
date. Henry S, Marthi of Stanford Par
lor'.will be re-elected grand, treasurer.
Joe. Goldman of Merced Parlor, at pres
ent grand inside sentinel, would like to
be' adva.nccd to "grand .marshal. ' ¦'
, .'i,'!j,»^ Contest Is Promised. -^
There, is to -be a. contest for the place
at which to hold the next celebration of
Admjsslon' day, and it is probable that it
will go. to the place in which resides the
one ,who shall be selected for grand mar
shal. ¦ . .... ...
An exciting contest was stirred up in
.the fight for the position of manager of
the Quad, two prominent athletes— Arthur
fi. Henley and H. A. Sprague— being in
the race. The former won bv a vote of
*« to -66. Henley is tire strongest-point
winner among: the Stanford track men.
Autaur S.— Henley Is-Selucted for
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. April 21.—
Isaac Russell of gait Lake City was elect
ed editor of next ytofr's annual, the '01
• class "Quad," by the class of 190* this
afternoon, ne had no opposition. Rus
, sell is registered in - the department of
English and is prominent in college lit
erary and journalistic circles. He is at
present an associate editor of the Sequoia,
the college magazine, and editor- In. chief
of the Chaparral, The funny paper.' He
is a Spanisu war. veteran, having enlisted
end fought with the Utah battery, and
was the publisher of the first American
paper printed in Manila, the American
{soldier, which was suppressed by the
military authorities. - -
Manager in an .Exciting Vot
ing Contest. ¦
SITSSELL 1 ELECTED EDITOB
OF THE STANFORD "QUAD"
During- these months the affair has
preyed upon Mrs. Bauer's mind until her
reason was dethroned. :She seems con
tent, as long as her husband is in h^
presence, and she is very devoted to him.
The moment he leaws the room f=he
Krows hysterical and imagines he is to be
imprisoned. En route to the courthouse
to-day she tried unsuccessfully to throw
their two children off a trolley-car.
PHOEXIX, Ariz-_.- , April - 21. *-' Mrs.
Charles Bauer has-been -committed, to an
insane asylum. A : few ., months ago
Charles Kinstler attacked Mrs. Bauer.
Her husband, who was expecting Kins>
tier's arrival at the house, was secreted
in a closet. He emerged and, shot Kins
tler dead. Bauer, though exonerated bv
the Coroner's jury, was formally held
to appear before the Grand Jury, which
exonerated him last Friday.
a Maniac,
Slew Her Assailant Becomes
Fhoenix Woman Whose Husband
MEHOKY OF A TBAGEDY ¦-
EOBS HER OF REASON
that office. I* C. Pistoles!, who was
grand marshal of the procession that re
ceived the California volunteers and a
member of Sequoia Parlor, believes that
he ought to have that office, and so doe3
Bert Levy of Lower Lake Parlor/ Low
er Lake.
The most serious contest will be for
grand trustees^seven of whom are to be
elected. The candidates for these offices
are: . . ; ._ ,v* >;;; (> /- ;
William H. Devlin of Sacramento Parlor,
Sacramento; Joseph Goldman, Yosemite Par*
lor, Merced: John Porcher. Mission Parlor*.
San Francisco; M. T. Doollng. Fremont Parlor,
HollUter: • Qeurge L. Jones,' Quartz Parlor,
Orass Valley; Georjre G. Radctlff. Watson
ville Parlor. WatsonvIHe; Washington ' Dodg\
Stanford Parlor. San Francisco* Walter IX
Waener, Arrowhead Parlor. San Bernardino;
Cha?les Boxton. National Parlor^ San . Fran-"
ciBoe; Joseph R.'Knowland. Halcyon Parlor,.
Alamerta: James A. Devoto, Alcalde Parlor.
San FrancUco: Edward J. .Taaffe. , South San
Francisco Parlor. San Francisco; Jarnes M.
Hanley, PrecHa .Parlor. San • Franclaeo;
Thomas E. -Curran, Dolores Parlor. San Fran
cisco; L. H. Mooser. Presidio Pa.rSor. San
Francisco; Frank R: Wehe. Downievllle Par
lor. Dawnieville.- and -Martin Murphy. Palo
Allo Parlor. San Jcse. .' .
On the opposite side of the river, near
the Strode. mine, George Blagrave, Wil
liam Cpoper and Mr. Stoddard are taking
out ore almost as rich. They are ship
ping }t to the Keswick smelter and are
getting very high returns.
Mining news from a point much nearer
home is being discussed to-night. In tha
Black Bird copper claim, eight miles
north of Redding, in. old diggings, a
twelve-foot ledgre has been encountered
which carries ore that to-day showed 2S
per cent copper in a local assay office.
The ledge is apparently cf great extent,
and If this very high percentage is main
tained for any distance, ¦ as aeems prob
able, the mine will rival anything in the
county. The claim was recently bonded
from the- owners "by X. B; Gill, Ed "Bhack
elford and M. Megher.' The .ledge was
,cut in a fifty-foot shaft; The .mine is
.within two miles of the Keswick smelter.
REDDING, April 21.— According to au
thoritative reports from Coffee Creek, dis
, coveries are being made there- which may
cause a second great rush to that region
this year. A letter from Mrs. John
Graves, wife of one of the discoverers of
the famous Blue Jay mine, says that
Charles Ruggles and his father, James
Ruggles, have found" wealth in their
claim in Scorpion Gulch, a snile above
Coffee Creek. They have been working
' through low grade ore for several years.
Now they have got twenty-five tons of
ore on the dump which will go at least
$1000 to the ton. ¦ • — ¦
*•¦"¦„¦ S '
Special Dispatch to The Ca!!.
Thousand Dollars to the Ton
the Record of One
Claim's Ore.
Creek.
a Rush to Coffee
Gold Strike" May Start
FATAL QUARREL
ENDS OLD FEUD
Shotguns.
Cattlemen of Cherokee
Nation Fight With
One Man Is Instantly Killed
and Three Others Mor
tally Wounded.
VENETI, I. T., April 21.— In a fight be
tween cattlemen west of CollinsvUle. in
the Cherokee Nation, William Phillips
was instantly killed and Mayfleld, Jeaa
Skidmore and Lige Johnson were mortal
ly wounded. All are prominent cattle
men, who own pastures not far from Col
l'nsville. The fight was the result of an
old feud between Skidmore and May
field, which had its origin in a court con
test over some grazing land.
All four men were In .CollinsvUle dur
ing the day, heavily armed and apparent
ly expecting trouble. Late in the arter
noon Hkidmore and Johnson left for
Colagah, near CollinsvUle. and a few
milea west met Mayfield and Phillips
awaiting them by- the roadside. Without
any preliminary words Mayfleld leveled
his shotgun and fired at Skidmore. who
lecetved the load in- h!s right breast.
As the wounded man reeled from the
saddle he turned his gun on Phillips, wno
had also raised his gun to fire at him.
and shot Phillips through the heart. As
Skidmore fell trom his horse Mayfleld.
turned his gun on Johnson and both men
fired simultaneously. Mayfield . wa»
wounded in the shoulder and Johnson in
the side. Though desperately wounded,
both men fired again and again, each
man's shot taking effect. Friends who
had feered trouble and who had followed
Skidmore and Johnson from Collinsviile,
arrived at this point and prevented the
•vounded men from finishing their' fight.
Though fatally wounded, they were at
tempting to reload their guns.
The wounded. men- and the body of Phil
lips were taken Into Collinsvilie. ¦ '.'.
1 Skidmore's wounds are pronounced fa
tal, and little hope is given for the re
covery of the others. The presence in
Collinsvilie of a large number of armed
men, friends of both sides, has led the
authorities to take precautions to ¦ pre
vent a possible clash between them.
DETAILS OF BATTLE
AT BOCAS DEL TORO
Colombian Force Will Try to Retake
the Town by Bombard
ment. •
COLON", April 21.— A German steamship
Jrom Bocas del Toro reports that the reb
els landed in open boats and barges near
Bocas del Toro at 6 o'clock on Thursday
evening, and the battle began. The rev
olutionary troops . outnumbered . the Gov
ernment force, .which' surrendered tho
1 own at 11 o'clock Friday morning. One
hundred and fifty- were killed and wound
ed In battle, but the Government loss is
said to have been much less than that of
the Liberals.
The expedition under General Gomez.
the Military Governor of Colon, which
!eft here Friday on the. gunboat General
Pinzon, was due at Bocas del Toro Sat
urday, The expedition is composed of
about 500 men, with four guns, one of
them a long-range three-pounder.
The United States gunboat Machlas has
landed 100 marines at Bocas del Toro. The
General Pinzon is expected to bombard
the town and try. to .dislodge the insur
gents, who are under command of Gen
eral Buehdla. ' " • : • "
Whole Family Fouitd Dead.
CHICAGO, April 21.— Dead 'in a stuffy
bedroom, in a. erewded tenement quarter
on State.. street,-; the bodies- of air entire
colored family* numbering seven persons.
Were found to-night, gnawed by rata and
in an advanced state of decomposition.
The police incline -to a theory of murder
and suicide by poison. The family was
that of. Jones Butler, an upholsterer, and
consisted of Butler, his "wife and five
children. They had been dead for eignc
days. It Is thought despondency, due to
brooding over the conditions surrounding
his", family, who were in utter poverty,
caused Butler to go insane and take tho
lives of all seven.
latest project of the- financial and manu
facturing giants at the head of this en
terprise. -:- . ¦ ¦
. It was learned to-night from an excel
lent authority that -the project is: to bo
launched during the present year, prob
ably in July.. In short, the United States
gteel Corporation will become the practi
cal and actual manufacturing corporation,
as well as the financial head of all th«
great steel companies that It has ab
sorbed. . . •
"' President Charles M. Schwab will be
come tho director of all mills, railroads,
coal ami cokei plants, steamship lines and
furnaces. All of the various branches will
be divided into departments. The buying
and selling will be under a single depart
ment, with the Individual purchasing de
partments left in the hands of the dieffr
ent members of the committee. It 13 un
derstood that the same officials will con
trol the general company, with the same
board- of- directors and executive commit
tee and the same officials of the operating
¦ department. ¦•--.-".¦
NATIVE SONS PREPARE FOR THE ANNUAL
SESSION OF GRAND PARLOR AT SANTA CRUZ
SCORPION GULCH
YIELDING RICHES
THE SA.\ CTA^ 1 902.
4
sion will go' to -the- ferry* '"any old way''
in time to, take the boat that will convey
them to destination via the narrow
gauge road. The visitors will be receiv
ed by- committees of the Santa Cruz Par
lor, but there" will hot be any demonstra
tion, r .¦ ¦ . ¦ . .
DR. PIEECE ; S , REMEDIES.
•; Nervous
Prostration
. Cored Dy •
/TAS I^^IU WE®
MEDICAL HI
'0ISCOVER¥..yf"
"I am. an engineer by trade and the
tard vrork ahd worry of rtfnnicg a large
enpae brought on nervous prostration,"
T^Tites Mr. Cnas. F. Dixon, of Arbuckle,
Colusa Co., Calif. r A' friend reconi-
mended" Dr. Pierce' s Golden Medical
Disco>-ery to me and -I bought one bot-
tle ; thought that it helped me so Con-
tinued the use of it until I had "taken six
bottles. I feel' better- than ever in my
life. Am not a particle nervous, can
wort hard all da)' and sleep sound at.-
eight. I not only think 60 but I knov.-
that the. "Golden Medical ..Discovery'.
cured me and ¦ therefore I will recom-
snend it to others."
: Dr. Pierct'M Pluutat PttteU rcraltte tho
, howclt §.b4 ttlmalate tht tlvajsh liver.
, Because we so often speak cf cur $iomide-'.o measure suits don't think that our stock
Ms limited to this one price- The suits are certairi'.y gooJ garments for the price, but we have
better gooJs at ; higher prices. ¦*- .-;'".', ' *
' We h.we all the, materials known to clothes-rnnking in all the acceptable patterns and -.
I solid colors for spring, and, '.h? prices range ..frorn$ 10 to $30.
And right h.'re a wora : We claim that our $30 made-tc-order suits are as good in
every way as those of the high-priced custom tailors for whi:h they a$k$45.
If you dcn't think so after ordering one of the suits you can have your money back.
;Come and get s< me of our samples— we like to give themout for comparison. -'':
'Suits sathfsctcr- >-v .' Wi':\=l-7/\^« m^T sr* ' ' If out -of. the city
Hy made for mit-of, W^WOOQ&'il)-' write for seIf -meas-
--f v y .« — : +Jt *<s** uring blank and
town custom 3rs. 718 Market end Cor. FoweH& Eddy samples.MANUKA. April 21. — The cholera total to
date is: Manila. 411 cases and 319 deaths;
provinces, 88S cases and 626 deaths.
PORT ELIZABETH. Cape Colony, April 21.
— There Is a recrudescence of the plague here.
Ten cases have been reported, five of which
have proved fatal.
NOTHING that that most accom
plished actor, E. S. Wlllard, has
given during his present engage
ment contains quite the delight
that does his David Garrick.
done last night at the Columbia Theater.
Pure claptrap, as some of the -play is,
with a. last act that is as. stupid as they
make them, there are two immortal scenes
worth going (walking) miles to see. The
plot. It will be remembered, rests on the
love of an olden day matinee lassie for
the famous play actor— David Garrick.
The girl's papa, a rich city man, disap
proves and conceives thexidea of buying
up the actor and shipping him to Paris,
The following directors have subscribed
$100,000 of the capital stock: W. P. Bots
ford, C. Laux, Warren Gillelen, John
Cross and A. P. Cross.
This company is the one that will build
a road from Benicia to Vallejo and to
Lakeport. via Napa. A number of branch
lines will taketn White Sulphur Springs
and Jackson Soda Springs. One hundred
miles will cover the estimated length of
the road.
LOS ANGELES, April 21.— Papers In the
organization of a new railroad company,
to be known as the Vallejo, Benicia and
Napa Valley Railroad Company, were
filed with the County Clerk this mornin°-
Los Angeles is named as the headquarters
of the company, whose capital stock is
$500,000.
One Hundred Miles in
Length.
Its Electric Line to Lakeport Will Be
BENTCIA-NAPA VALLEY
BAIL WAY ' DTCOBPOBATES
NEW ORLEANS, April 21.— The steam-'
er Tampican cleared to-day with Ameri
can mules for Cape Town.
Agents of the Boers, who are deeply in
terested in the army officer's conclusions,
declared this afternoon that the facts as
stated in the report show conclusively
that there has been a violation of neu
trality. The fact that the report Is to be
made public so promptly, together with
tho instructions of the President to
Colonel Crowder to make additions to the
document, has created the hope among
British diplomats, on the other hand, that
it has been found that the agents of their
Government have acted entirely within
the neutrality laws. •
The Boers say that the effect of the In
vestigation will certainly result ln mak
ing the British more circumspect At the
same time they are hopeful to-night that
the President will notify the British Gov
ernment that it Is desirable to withdraw
the British officers who are engaged in
the purchase and transportation of ani
mals to South Africa. s
Representative Cochrane of Missouri
made a speech in. the House to-day ln
which he argued that it waa the bounden
duty of the Government to stop the ship
ment of war material to South Africa.
He declared that within forty miles of his
home there was a British garrison en
gaged in buying war supplies, and said
the existence of a camp near New Or
leans was notorious. • .
In accordance with the ' request of, the
President, the War Department refused
to-day to give any idea of the, contents of
the report. Lieutenant Colonel Crowder
also refused to discuss it.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET^ N.
W., WASHINGTON, April 21.— President
Roosevelt and his Cabinet will consider
to-morrow the facts in connection with
the British camp at Chalmette, La., a3
reported by Lieutenant Colonel Crowder,
assistant judge advocate general of the
army. The report is a most comprehensive
document, covering 300 pages, describ
ing the conduct of the British agents ln
Louisiana. Colonel Crowder saw the
President to-day, and in compliance with
his suggestion made some important ad
ditions to the document, j The report will
be made public to-morow, simultaneously
with the action of the President.
Special Dispatch to. The Call.
Boer Agents Allege Facts
Show Violation of the
Neutrality Laws.
Consider British Acts
at Chalmette.
President and Cabinet to
Continues, Its Phenomenal Run— Grand Is ;Filled to; the Doors
- . . ,- , , . ; , .-¦ ¦¦¦-;'¦. ...<¦¦ ¦.-¦..;¦ ¦...-¦¦ --:.. ' ;' ;.'.-•; ' ' ' »'\ ',,'"[ ¦ .
English Actor Gives a Fine Performance at Ji;olumbia~Popular Neill
Company Opens to a Packed House at Galifbrnia-— Fischer's
CROWDER MAKES
REPORT ON CAMP
"DAVID GARRICK" DONE BY WILLARD
IS WELL RECEIVED BY AUDIENCE
SAN PEDRO, AprilZl. — Pour fishing boats
¦which -put out from this port yesterday are
missing and. because of the severe north
wester that has been blowing, there is alarm
over their absence. Each of the boats had a
crew of two men. .
NEW YORK,: April 2L— The following
Californians are in New York: From San
Francisco— A.. E/ Castle and Mrs. F. L.
Castle, at the Manhattan:- Mrs. J. W.
Connors and J. O. Tobin Jr., at- the Hol
land" T. Doyle and W. Moorehead, at the
Grand- G. F. Ellis, at . the Astor; R. L.
Knapp and wife, at the, Vend ome; C. E.
Martling. at the St. Denis; ER. May.
at the Imperial: F. McFarland, at the
Bartholdi; R. Roth and wife and S. W.
Ekerman. at the Savoy; A. E. Shattuck,
at the Gilsey. and J. F. Valentine at the
Broadway Central. . •
From Los Angeles-C. S. Hertzog, at the
Broadway Central; H. A. Loll, at the-Im
perial, and G. H. Eimans, at the Belve
dere. '¦¦ - " _ --
Californians in New York.
SEATTLE, April I ZL^Customs Inspec
tors Brinker and Delaney captured six
contraband Chinese and two white men
who were bringing them Into this country
at an early hour this morning. The Chi
nese were pounced.upon -while they lay
hidden underneath the folds of a canvas
In the bottom of a canoe,, and the two
white men in charge, John Williams and
George Ross, seeing the- odds were
against them, made , a peaceable surren
der. • ¦ " i - ¦ - 4
The capture is the most : important in
local customs circles in some time, as the
man giving his name as . Williams has
been Identified as William Stewart, an
old-time offender and one of the kingpins
in the opium smuggling business on the
Sound. The Chinese have been ordered
deported. The -men started In' the canoe
from Vancouver, B. C.
Puget Sound.
Had Brought Them Into
Take Six Chinese .From a Boat That
CUSTOMS MEN" CAPTURE
* "*'? NOTORIOUS SMUGGLER
-LONDON; April Zt.— Letters were re
ceived here to-day from Harry de Wlndt,
leader of tho expedition which is attempt
ing to makeits way overland -from, Paris
I to . New; York, ¦: dated -'Verkhoyansk, East
Siberia, at the end of February. In spite
Of the forebodings of, the officials at Ya
kutsk, i who strongly urged De Windt not
to continue' his journey, saying the con
ditions were worse this < year than ever,
the expedition reached Verkhoyansk, 600
'miles north of - Yakutsk. February 28.
The members of the expedition had a ter
rible experience white crossing the Verk
hoyansk. Mountains.:-.- The cold was in
tense, 63 'degrees -below zero being regis
tered. All the travelers were frostbitten.
Otherwise <they were well ' and in good
spirits and were leaving the same day for
Zenedne Kolymsk, a town of East Si
beria, 900 miles farther on, which the
party hoped to reach about the middle of
March. Then it was their intention to
push on 1500 miles to East Cape on Ber
ing Straits. Probably the next news of
the expedition will be its arrival ln the
United . States via Bering Straits. De
Wlndt mentions a report that the Baron
Tollea expedltoinary ship Seria _ was
stranded on \he Siberian Islands; that
only seven tons of coal remained on
board. • - . '
All Members of the Party
'"'¦'¦¦'. Are Well.
EXPLORER DE WINDT - \. : .
REACHES VERKHOYANSK
Writes to. a Friend in England That
The statements made in this dispatch
are upon the authority of a Republican
Senator who is a member of the Con
gressional Committee. A few days before
the committee organized with Babcock as
chairman the Senator in question, after
a. conference with some of his colleagues
on the committee and acting as their rep
resentative, went to Hanna. and asked
him if he would consider a proposition of
becoming its chairman.
.Hanna explained, that, although he had
the 'best' interests' of the -party at heart
and- would do all that could be expected
in contributing to party success, he owed
it . to - himself not to take upon- himself
any additional burdens at this time. Bab
cock's re-election was then made unani
mous, v ¦ . .-: ; ;
CALL BUREAU, .1406 G STREET. N.
W.. . WASHINGTON. April : 2L— Had Sen
ator Hanna been disposed to assume the
additional responsibility he doubtless now
would .be chairman '¦ of the Republican
Congressional. Campaign Committee as
Tvell as chairman 'of the Republican'Na
tional Committee. In that case It would
be Senator Hanna instead of Representa
tive Babcock of Wisconsin, who would
have charge of the Congressional cam
paign next fall, but Hanna is not look
ing for new political burdens, being con
tent with his present position as head of
the national organization of his army,
nor is he pleased with the record the
House is making, so the Congressmen
must swim . wtihout his help.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Says That He Is Not Looking
lor Any New Political
Duties.
Declines Chairmanship of
the Congressional
Committee.
HA NNA REFUSES
FURTHER HONORS
During the continuance of the strike,
8tudebakcr Bros. Company will run a
free bus from Third and Market streets
to their etore at Tenth and Market streets
every thirty minutes.
A Free Ride.
; ; v" ¦ , • -'••. : ¦ - .'• .;;.;.'
; .There are no poor turns at the Orpheum
this' week.-; Every.; member ; is Ka.: top
notcher. The show opens with' the Petcbf-
Ing brothers, > two clever musicians, t- They
are followed . by Bank and Winona »Win
ters; who are .clever conversationists
and : dancers. ; The eight "•girls ' comprising
the pony ballet still dance and sing clever
ly, and the ekit, "Why Walker Reform
ed," by. the Nobles, i>ut adds luster to a
fine -programme. Susie Fisher - is - proba
bly the best girl barytone ever heard here'
The three Mortons present < new -. features
this • week^.whlch, '< If possible, are funnier
| than those- presented by them, last week.
The Knight brothers do some clever danc
ing »ad crack a few new Jokes. :The:Wil-
VALL.EJO, April 21.— Julius .Thurston.a
marine, ', attached- to the ; Mare Island bar
racks,' while * on ; guard duty,' on " Saturday,
night = at ¦ 9 -o'clock, i deserted his post and
crossed over ;to ' Vallejo 'in '; a , small "boat.
After visiting, several saloons, he. went >tp
a* house kept ..by ;Rose Jackson,\ a colored
woman, where he fell asleep. -Shortly be
fore 12 o'clock she awoke him and ordered
him'-' to ; leave. , Thurston claims she was
armed with- a razor and -. slashed , at him
and that in self-defense he struck her twice
on the head -with a club. A 1 , doctor, sum
moned to attend the Injured woman, found
it lmposible to save her lire, her skull . be
ing «-• fractured. , .Death .ensued . shortly
afterward.- - Thurston ' is in • prison ' here.
• \ - -
a : Razor and That He Struck
i Her , in . Self -Defense.
Claims That She Attacked Him With
MARE ISLAND DESERTER
KILLS COLORED WOMAN
PLACERVILLE, April 21.-The locomo
tive of a lumber train belonging to the
El Dorado Lumber Company jumped the
track on the north side of ; American
River. alx>ut twenty miles east of Placer
ville, yesterday, and the entire train went
down the steep mountain side; entailing a
total loss to the lumber company^.
The endneer lost control of his loco
motive, with the. result that it left the
rails. No one was injured the train crew
having jumped when they realized that
the engineer had lost control. It is said
that the less to the lumber company will
amount to about 830.000. *
El Dorado Company's Engine and
Cars Leave the Kails and Are
a Total Loss.
LUMBER TBAIN CRASHES
DOWN MOUNTAIN SIDE
. , ' 'Grand; Opera-house. , ;• v
Age cannot wither nor custom stale the 1
popularity 'pf^Sardbu' 'as :; interpreted' by
Melbourne ,' ,MacDowell= and- ¦¦' Florence -
Stone. "The Empress Theodora" .was the
attraction last night; and It drew an over
flowing house,, for" this Is a : drama strong
in scenic j effect and emotional, passages, j
there being in the caBt; two live lions,
Nero and ¦Juno, loaned for the production
of "Theodora" by the Chutes -manage
ment. - This is the last week of-Mac-
Dowell ; and : Stone. "Theodora" will » be
repeated this ', evening. .To-morrow night
"Fedora" .will be, given, on* Thursday mat
inee and evening "Glsmonde," on : Friday
and Saturday evenings and Saturday mat
inee "Cleopatra", and on Sunday matinee
and Sunday, evening, "La Tosca." ;
:¦¦¦¦ A -"Child of. Fortune" was the. bill last
night at the Central. Theater.- It .was most
effectively produced and served as .a
means of Introducing a number, of'spe
cialties^ Georgle. Cooper sang "My Lady
Hottentot," and was enthusiastically en T
cored. Miss Myrtle Dingwall of Los An
geles,' who Is known as the" juvenile An
na Held, - gave the "Fan Song? and the
"Gayety "Dance." made famous by. her
prototype. George -Webster and Annette
Marshall i have the heroic " roles, while lit
tle Norman Phillips, < a clever youth, en
acted the title ro!e. -All, the rest of the
cast. sustained- their parts with the usual
cleverness displayed by the Central The
ater stock company. ...... ; . . ,
Central.'
."The Two Escutcheons," a comedy, was
presented at the « Alcazar , Theater, last
night to; a crowded house. , It, spored. a
pronounced ' success. Honors were about
evenly divided between George ; Osbourne
as the millionaire , pork-packer ofiChica
go'and Howard ;Scott as the German Bar
on, proud of his ancestry.^ M.-.L. Alsop
as Captain' von ' Vinck, and^Hehry^Shu
meras, the Baron's son, were, effjfective
and convincing. 9 Marion - Convere ¦ made
a fascinating widow, and Oza Waldrop
was clever and Interesting as) the pork
packer's daughter. Lillian. Elliott did ex
cellent .work as .the Baroness, and the
other, parts were well. sustained. . .
Alcazar.
EEVEBE SANDSTORM
BAGING ABOUND EL PAEO
Telegraphic' Communication Is Badly
Interrupted and Trains Are De
layed in All Directions.
EL PASO, Tex., April 21.— A severe
eandstorm is raging in the desert sur
roundir.g El Paso to-night. The wind,
which is blowing with the velocity of a
hurricane, is sweeping across the barren
wastes and gathering up sheets of sand
and piling it ln drifts wherever an ob
etruction Is found. - Much damage has
been done ln the city, where business ha*
been practically suspended since noon
X rcra the surrounding country in that
portion of the great desert where the In
habitants are unprotected come the re
ports of casualties, but the details are
not yet obtainable! Telegraphic com
munication has been interrupted in all
directions this afternoon, the wires beinjr
down in many places. The drifting sand
in the railway cuts has delayed all trains
come of them Indefinitely. '
: There •tfere many new. songs and dances
Introduced, and it has been many years
since. theatergoers have seen such a laugh
making production as "Fiddle Dee Dee."
The travesty on \ the "Florodora" sextet
went like a. whirlwind, and five encores
were demanded by the audience.
The ; sensational success of the merry
burlesque "Fiddle ] Dee Dee" was not af
fected last, evening by. the ; tie-up of the
street carlines, for very seat in Fischer's
Theater was sold -before the curtain went
up on ; the : performance . that commenced
the third week of. the attraction.
Fischer's.
The play is a clever little comedy, with
the scene laid ln~ England. James Neill,
himself,' in the character of a humorous
Irish officer, was quite . the favorite.
Bdy the Chapman, in the role of the hero
ine, also proved very popular. Clifford
Dempsey made a very acceptable villain.
Frank' McVlcars. :John-W. Burton and
Scott Seaton/'t In ¦ humorous" parts, had no
difficulty In creating a plenty of. amuse
ment. The rest of the. cast 'furnishes ex
cellent; support- for the leaders.^ i -, , ¦ ¦<¦¦¦¦
"Captain Lettarblair" 4s '. funny ' enough
and well rendered' to have, the best kind
of a, run and it will undoubtedly be one of
the greatest attractions of the week. •
¦ The Neill company,' in "Captain L.ettar
blalr," opened ' its : season, most success
fully at the California last night. In spite
of the Inadequate transportation facilities,
the house was crowded. ,The audience
was very. appreciative and as the old ac
quaintances appeared on the stage they
were tendered enthusiastic receptions.
California.
. The Tivoli Is still. pleasing large" audi
ences "with "The Fortune' Teller," which
contains enough tuneful airs, for half a
dozen operas. Miss Anna Lichter easily
carries off the honors with. her delightful
singing and her clever acting. Miss Annie
Myers has but little to do, but she does
that. . little "well. Ferris Hartman has
?branched out as a German comedian and
is ably assisted in the f unmaking by Ed
ward Webb and j Harry Cashman. Hart
man's topical song is a trig success, and
his verse about 'the strike created a fu
ror, last night.' Harold . Gordon and Ar
thur Cunningham do. full justice with
their.' fine voices to the exacting require
ments, of their respective parts and the
chorus arid) ensemble work is done in the
admirable manner 5 for which this popular
playhouse is noted.
Tivoli.
There is nothing remaining to denote
the Identity of the dead man or his mis
sion there. He may have been a hunter.
The break in the skull suggests that he
received a blow from a heavy Instrument
or was hit by an Indian arrow. The skel
eton will be held until a complete Investi
gation can be made.
REDDING, April 2L— A well-preserved
skeleton found by a party of surveyors
for the McClcud . River Power Company
on the McCioud River, thirty miles from
Redding, Is evidence that a tragedy has
occurred there within the past several
years. The skeleton lies at the foot of a
pine close to the river; and an abrasion
of the skull shows that the man did not
die a natural death. The region where
the discovery was made has been until
recently traversed only by a trail used
by the Government ln Indian fighting
times.
Biver Gives Evidence of a
Tragedy. -" :i :
Discovery by Surveyors on McCioud
FIND THE SKELETON
OF A MUBDEB.ED MAN
ton brothers, who present a marvelous
horizontal: bar; act,' and the blograph are
the closing numbers of one of the best
shows the Orpheum has had on for some
time. * . .
• Utterly at cross-purposes are : the - mer
chant and the actor. The merchant has
never been inside a playhouse, the actor
as much despises the "city,',' and the de
licious play of character upon character
Is. irresistibly humorous. • Mr.Barfoot as
the merchant, Simon ¦ Ingot, ¦ was : an ex
cellent foil to. Mr. WUlard's Garrlck,\hls
well-assumed, unconscious vulgarity serv
ing to show up the. actor's polished and
fine art .with the . happiest' dramatic ef
fect. The following > sjMoe, where Ingot's
vulgar, rich city frlends\ come to dine
with him and can't find anything to talk
about is another scene of grace, managed
to admiration by Mr. Willard's support.
His acting as the -tipsy player is a mar
vel of balance, swift transition and nice
judgment. Ernest Stallard does a very
clever sketch as Richard Chivy, and Miss
Ellen - O' Malley, ; . without much opportu
nity, makes a very pleasing impression.
To-night Mr. Wlllard will be seen In
"Tom. Pinch," a. dramatization from Dick
ens' "Martin Chuzzlewlt," that should
suit him not a little.
- '¦' ¦¦ if ':¦•¦•¦ "-. = ..¦.- •¦.•¦¦• •'
America, anywhere to " get rid of him.
He accordingly sends for Garrtck to lay
before him his ingenious scheme, and here
comes the opportunity of which Mr. -Wil
lard makes so rich -use. • . ¦• •'¦:
THREE STAGE -FAVORITES
g WHO ARE APPEARING IN
LOCAL, THEATERS.
STOCKTON. April 2L— A romantic wed
ding took place this morning at the resi
dence of Rev. "W. C. Evans, pastor of the
Central Methodist Episcopal Church. The
participants were Parker John Wilson, a
wealthy young ward of Sheriff Slbley, and
Miss Irma Daisy Crothers, who was for
merly a "hello" girl.
Wilson and Miss Crothers were out
driving one day. when an accident oc
curred which threw them from their vehl.
cle. both being injured. This incident cul
minated in an engagement, and this morn
ing the marriage took place. They had
plannedfcto wed sooner, but Wilson, being
under age, had to wait until he could ob
tain the consent of his guardian. Sheriff
Sibley withheld his consent until he felt
certain the young people were not actine
entirely upon impulse. Seeing- that they
were very devoted and bent upon mar
riage, he at last yielded.
Mr. and Mrs. Wilson left for Mexico
where they will spend their honeymoon.
Miss Irma Daisy Crothers of Stockton
Becomes Mrs. Parker J.
Wilson. r j?
YOUNG CAPITALIST AND
TELEPHONE GIBX WED
"I never have," replied Gillett "But I
never have been mean enough to criticize
a. man who has done so."
Gillett replied that the incident referred
to occurred at Springfield, not Boston,
and he explained that Washington was
refused lodgings at two hotels because
they were full and could not accommo
date him. but. he said, the proprietor of
one of them made every effort to secure
lodging for him elsewhere, and invited
him to come to his hotel for his meals.
Glllett explained that in New England
they could understand the prejudices in
the South against the negro and against
negro domination, but the people of his
section insisted that social ostracism
should not be visited on those who did
not share these prejudices. When a' ne
gro man raised himself above his fellows
and led a pure, clean, manly life, he
thought his worth should be recognized.
He did not sympathize with a state of
society which accepted a man whose
hands were stained with the blood of a
lynching cr with election frauds and who
rejected a worthy, pure man simply be
cause his color was black.
"Do not dodge this issue." cried GH
hT~ v yoU ever invIte a negro to your
Gilbert's remarks drew a reply from
Glllett of Massachusetts. Glllett said he
¦was willing to admit the prejudice
against the negro in New England. He
thought that perhaps there was a greater
physical repugnance toward the negro
there than in the South. But because one
man personally felt a prejudice against
the negro he did not think he had a right
to attempt to force them upon others.
Bartlett Interrupted to ask whether
some time ago Booker T. Washington
was not refused lodgings at the hotels in
Boston.
During the general debate on the mili
tary academy bill Gilbert of Kentucky
precipitated a discussion on the race
question. Gilbert took' occasion to reply
to some remarks recently made by Gil
lett of Massachusetts, Bromwell of Ohio
and General Funston, which he thought
reflected upon his State. In the course of
his remarks Gilbert said that in Ken
tucky, and, in fact, in all the South, they
looked with supreme contempt upon the
eocial equality of the races. The most
Ignorant white girl in the State, he said,
would infinitely prefer to marry the low
est, meanest, most ignorant white man
In the world than the most cultivated ne
gro in America. Gentlemen on the other
side could not cry down the "taint in the
blood." Hla recalled the fact that when
a colored man sat on the other side of th»
house not one of his colleagues invited
him to his house. The prejudice against
eocial equality was as strong in the
North as in the South, he declared, and
all talk to the contrary was "hypocritical
rant and rot."
WASHINGTON, April 2L— The House
to-day entered upon consideration of the
military academy bilL In addition to the
regular items it contains provisions for
the extensive improvement of the Grounds
and buildings at West Point. These im
provements are to cost $6,500,000, of which
$3,000,000 is appropriated ln the bill.
Gilbert of Kentucky
Talks of ; Prejudice
Against Negroes.
Says Sentiment on Social
Equality Is as Strong in
North as in South,
RACE QUESTION
IS BROUGHT UP
5
THE SAN FB ANCISCO CALL,. TUESDAY, APRIL 22, 1902^
Thorough X-ray examination made ln all
cases where cancer, appendicitis or sail stones
are * suspected. Country correspondence so-
licited. ' „
Not a fad or a visionary theory, but a suc-
cessful, scientific treatment for the most ob-
stinate and rebellious stomach troubles, liver
complaints, constipation or piles. Thousand*
ot desperate cases have yielded to the cele-
brated PROCTOR TREATMENT. It is a rev-
elation in the scientific medical . treatment of
stomach, abdominal . or liver diseases. This
treatment will rive immediate relief and re-
store you to perfect health. A permanent cure
effected in all cases.. Ponder over this, as It
is your ease we can positively cure.
Jaffersoa Sanitarium, 779 Oatry 8t.. S&a Tttneisei.
THEN DO NOT DESPAIR.
VISIT DR. JORDAN'S GREAT
MUSEUM OF ANATOHY
gft losiiuszzTsr.trt.rjiarJt.s.r.caL
Sf The Larrest Acateaicd Museum in the
inm'lL- Wsfld - WeaJinesse* at »ay contracted
SjJSl *»«ise r~UM».l ye «r«lhytheoldeit
IgS|| Speeii.'Ut on the Cout. EsLj&yeats.
if$Et m ' J0R3AN-01SEASES OF MEN
f €§W3 Ca*sultati«n free and stilrtly pri»ilc.
J jyqr fl Tr«t»ent personally or by letttr. A
I / sli i*Mift«« Curain e»ery e»ieundert»k*n.
Pff Hbp Write fir Bo«k. raiLOiurnv«r
1 I (If MAWnlACE. MAILSO FXXX. (A
A IK valuable book fee mm)
DB. JOBOAX «fc CO.. 1051 Murfcpt St. 3. P.
\ ADVERTISEMENTS.
BRIDGiiWORK
:¦ ? Mada for the* Coat ol Material.* at
DENITAl- CLINIC;
.Gold crowns - and artificial teeth at cost.
Painless methods of operating. Open Sundays
and ' evenings. : ; ¦¦ ,-.vz->:j .;, , •;¦ . ,
POST-GRADf ATE DENTAL COLLEGE,
' , 3 Taylor ¦ St.. ' cor. ¦ Golden Gata ' ave.
Superior to Apiol, Tansy, -Pennyroyal or SteeL
Sure Relief of Pain 'and Irregulari-
ties Peculiar to the Sex.
Apioline Capsules for three ' months coat $L
Druggist or P. O. Box 2061, THeir Tori.
FIVE DOLLAR
ELECTRIC BELT
f g^gtepgb^^ rqgiffi&uf Same as other*
¦^£^^^^^^6-^ $20. Guaranteed
Swk • **aoln«. .' Pqwer-
" • ? *¦•¦•' H|3b "•¦ * a *' :c ow'sot'> "L«t«»t'lm--'
provements. It ¦ cur«s
•-» y.-, ¦ '^tIc 'without -medicine. Not
¦old by scents or druggists. No discounts.
. Fre* by mall on receipt ot price. Circulars
' free. Ask for tho "Or. » Alden K'.ectrlo
.. Belt:" Call ' or address tho PIERCB
? EI*ECTBIC CO.. 20« Post. St.. S. F. .
«• ' «* B»*T Cr U a Q6Tk~p0u6O0TtA
_ trMMsjS**>mtl *_Q rsmedy for Gonorrhoea .
' jli ¦ n r «^"m Oleot. Sperni&torrhcefc,
j23B r CURES Whltet. unnatural die
' BSSSahi IMS imj*. \t charge*, or any lnflamaafc-
mnffm Qux«su«il t» ** tion. Irritation or nlcen-
E^_^B Pravaat toalAfian tlon Of in U C O U S XDOZ&-*
ig^CmClMXATI.O .gj^ or Ient in plain wr»pp»r,
\^S3k. p * B ' •*• by eiprens, prepaid, for
fpBfcgW .-rfP^m V 00 ' or 3 Dottle*. »2.T5.
Vfc^SSS Sa^v* 0 «• Circular tent on rwiueat,
•Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THB
Great . Mexican Remedy: gives health and
• strength to sexual organs. Depot. 323 Market.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Hailed
on Application.
. *
' COAL. COKE AND' RIO IRO*.
I r WIT SON * PiV • ao ° Battery Street.
J> L-WILSVll StU- Telephone Main 18*4.
- FRESH AND SALT MEATS. > .
IK! RAVP? * C(\ SWpPi"B Butcher*. 1M
JAJ' DU I CjttlU Clay. Tel. Main 1294.1 '
¦; " :/ ;.- • ¦ oils.
1 lcbrica.ttno oil3. leonard * ellj4.
¦. 418 Front St.. 8. F. Phone Main Kill
¦ . ' " ; --¦ - •,• PRINTING. "~ , ¦ I
PRINTERS/BOOKBINDERS j
THE HICKS-JUDD CO., i i^tUtNjfe\xiBj|B
23 Flrit street. S*a rru»sl»c*|
PAJjnE'3 CELEBY CO JCPOTTNP.
Yonr Decision This Day Is All-
Important.
Paine's Celery
Compound
Guarantees a Freedom From
Diseasa and Sickness.
INDIFFERENCE AND CARELESSNESS
LEAD TO PHYSICAL SHIPWRECK
AND THE GRAVE.
The weak, aillny. sick and disease*
have now more than ever before under
their control their physical condition.
They are free agents and almost wholly
responsible for their future. When the
brain Is not affected, and the mind can
discern between right and wrongr. a duty
to themselves, their friends and country
loudly demands a marked decision-
prompt and determined action when
health is impaired and life is In danger.
It is the part of wisdom that true de-
cision be made to-day; to-morrow may
be too late. In thousands of cases the
checking and banishment of disease de-
pends upon Instant action; an hour lost
frequently means ; the snuffing out . ot .
some precious life.
Few people in our country are without
some knowledge of the wondrous, life-
giving virtues of Paine's Celery Com-
pound, a medicine that guarantees re-
lease from the diseases common to life.
. What will your decision be to-day, poor
sufferer? Will you give Paine's Celery
Compound the fair and honest testing
that others are giving It. with Its cer-
tain reward of health, strength, vigor
or happiness, or will you remain Indif-
ferent and careless, content to pass
your few days or weeks In misery, ag-
ony and wretchedness until the dark
grave claims you as Its victim?
It is almost needless to enumerate ths
blessed results that flow from Paine's
Celery Compound when* used promptly la
springtime, as you and your friends have
a knowledge^of them. Of this you may
be assured: the seeds of disease are ban-
ished, the system is fortified, the blood
Is made red and pure, the nerves braced,
digestion" regulated, headaches, side-
aches and backaches forever dispelled,
and sweet, restful" sleep takes the plac*
of insomnia.
MAMAlVn flYF^ color anything any color.
lflAMUnu IIICJ simplo. durable, economic*!
|||STQmAwiW
Ean Francisco," Tuesday* 22 April, 1902.
"Morris"^chair chat
"* *; * "y~"' ¦ ¦ ' \ . ¦ ~ - ' ' ¦ ( ' • ' ' J '-"V"' "'* ' ¦ ¦ \* v'"' .-'-¦*" i ¦;
Hardly'a day passes that some customer in- ¦
quiring : for reclining chairs does not express i
amazement;, at the great r^ nnniber of different
styles we. show. By actual count twenty-five
designs are now on display. Prices run from
•$7.50 to $75.00. : •; ¦'¦¦: ' <¦ ¦¦;¦¦¦•
/ The chair pictured above has an oak * frame £
finished golden '.brown. Cushions are i— .'ersible
and covered with velcnir in attractive coorings.
Price $10.00. 7 V V
No recent show window display in the city Has
attracted so much attention as the "Hints '"*
Bachelors Apartments "now on view in our Ease }
window. You are stopped by the crowd in front;,
you elbow your way to the - window; you smil -,;
probably laugh out loud; then you become int. r- r
ested; and -finally you leave to tell your friends .
. - not tq miss seeing it. .
(Successors to California Furniture Co.)
957 to 977 Market Street, Opp. Golden Gate Aventie.
isalw^rs
Brewed from carefully select-
ed barley and hops— : never
permitted to leave the brew-
ery v until properly aged..This -week. 81 Fourth st.. front of barber
and grocer. Best* eyeglasses and sneeta
cles, 10c to 40c. . -vtscia-
prunes stuffed with apricots. Townsend's.*
CaL glace fruit §0c per lb at Townaend'i.*
~-~ 1
Bacon— Has that fellow at the museum
written any fiction?
Egbert— How should I know?
"Why, didn't you say he wrote with his
feet?
"Yes: I said so."
. "Well, then, isn't he a novel writer?"—
Yonkers Statesman.
If George "W. lived To- Day.
If Gecrzie W. lived to-day
He wouldn't chop the cherry tre»
With any little hatchet. No;
He'd know the tricks of forestry, '
And. putting down the tiny tooi "
That brought a spanking from his pant
He'd couiile'up his batteries
And use his new electric saw.
He wouldn't leave the evidence
. Of any hatchet marks around '
The stump, or any telltale chips
A lylnK on the garden ground.
Instead, he'd have pneumatic tubea
To suck the sawdust up and blow -
It forty miles away, before
His daddy or the world »hould know.
And if, perchance, his pap should find
That he had chopped the cherry tree.
Why, he could have another groif n
In some conservat'ry. . ¦ •
Within a week, with gas and steam.
He'd have another tree In bloom.
And papa. Wash would smile again.
And Georsle would escape hla doom.
If Georgle W. lived to-day " ~i' :
He'd make a million plunks a year
In chopping for the vitascoDe,
And chopping in his stage career.
He'd sell the echoes of his ax, " * .
He's sell the chips — a plunk a pound— \
He'd sell the buds from off the tree. ¦ V
And sell the soli a mile around! ' *
Mrs. Henry S. Cahn, nee Block, -will b«
at home Wednesday, April 23.
Lady Mary Beclares is sojourning 1b
tho Tosemite. *
• • •
Miss Edna McClatchy has returned to
Sacramento. /-" <
Mrs. Richard Keyes of Salt Lake Is at
present In this city. . '
• • «f
Mr. and Mrs. H. Sherman are sojourn-
Ing in Southern California.
A delightful card party was given by
Mr. and Mrs. Waterman Phillips at their
residence, 20G0 Laguna street, on Friday
evening, complimentary to Mrs. Rockey
of Portland. Ore. Fifty guests were eh
tertalned. They were:
Mr. and Mrs. E. B. Fond, Mr. and Mrs.
James Dcnman, Mr. and Mrs. Irving M. Scott.
Mr. and Mra. E. A. Shepard. Mr. and Mrs.
Walter E. Dean, Mr. and Mrs. G. Spruance.
Mr and Mrs. diaries Deering, Judge and Mrs.
John Hunt, Mr. and Mrs. A. S. Baldwin, Mr.
and Mrs. George W. McNear, Mr. aad Mrs.
Barclay Henley, Miss Browne, Judge Sid Mrs.
I<. S. B. Sawyer. Mr. and Mrs. William 3.
Wood. Mr. and Mrs. Irving C. Lewis. Mr. and
Mrs William it. Wheeler. Judge and Mrs. T.
B. McFarland, Miss McFarland. Mr. and Mrs.
G. B. Root, Miss Root, Miss Mills. Miss Mc-
Neil and John Lewis.
Mrs. Beverley MacMonagle gave a pret
ty luncheon on Thursday last.
• • •
Miss Mignon Jacobson and Samuel Ja
cobi were married Sunday afternoon at
the home of the bride's mother, 511 Van
Ness avenue. It was a pink wedding, and
the decorations were extensive. The
bride was attired in white point lace over
satin, with a garniture of pearls. Sh<s
was attended by Miss Rose Jacobson,
maid of honor, and two flower girls. The
best man was Mr. Davis Jacobi. Mr. and
Mrs. Jacobi are having a wedding trip to
Los Angeles. Upon their return they will
reside at the Montrose.
\* • •
Mrs. Thomas MorlTew was hostess at a
pretty tea on Saturday afternoon at her
residence, 1725 Pine street. A large num
ber of callers were delightfully entertain
ed. Those who assisted in receiving were:
Mrs. Maurice Newton, Mrs. George An
dros, Mrs. William Lutz, Mrs. Hodgdon,
Mrs. James Spaulding. ' Mrs. J. M. Peela
and Mi3s Crooks.
There was a pretty military wed
ding last evening at the Third
Congregational Church. The . princi
pals were MiS3 Genevieve Gai
loway and Mr. Rutherford B. Moore, both
of whom stand very high in the church
and social circles. The groom has for
several years been captain of the cadet
ccrps of the Third Congregational Church
and the fifty members of that organiza
tion attended the wedding in a body,
wearing their uniforms. The groom wa-*
also in uniform. The bride was beautiful
In a white bridal robe. She was attend
ed by her sister, and given Into the keep-
Ing of the groom by her brother-in-law.
Mr. Moore's brother acted as best man.
The floral decorations at the church were
elaborate and beautiful. Rev. William
Rader officiated. After the wedding a re
ception was held at the home of the
bride's mother. 1409 Powell street.
Scenes of the old-time Hawaiian splen
dor were experienced April 10. at a recep
tion tendered by Colonel and Mrs. Sam
uel Parker in honor of tt nce * nd ™"~
C€ S3 Kawananakoa and Miss Alice Camp
bell, the Princess and Miss Campbell be
ing daughters of Mrs. Parker. The t,m
ma street Campbell mansion was a ( blaze
of light and a mimic fairyland, with its
mass of incandescent lights and floral
decorations. t
Fully fifteen hundred Invited gues is
crowded the palace and its beautiful
grounds. Mrs. Samuel Parker wore a
gown of black net, covered with blacK
iridescent trimming, over black taffeta.
For ornaments she had a diamond and
pearl necklace, a large diamond crescent,
and a diamond lizard on the corsage. T tie
men wore the decorations that had been
bestowed upon them by King Kalakaua
and Queen Lilluokalani. Colonel Parkar
were the order of the Kamehamehas,
Princes David and Cupid wearing tne
badges of the Siamese Order, the Star 01
Oceanica. and the Order of Kalakaua.
Throughout the reception the Territorial
band rendered Hawaiian and classical
selections upon the lawn, the guests mov
ing through the mansion and upon tha
lanais. Two quintet clubs were ateo
stationed on the spacious veranda. Re
freshments were served continuously «n
a tent pavilion, and smoking rooms
were provided for . the gentlemen.
It was nearly midnight beforo
dancing began, and It wa3 fully
4 o'clock the next morning before
the last of the guests had bid farewell
to their charming host and hostess, who
had once more revived the splendor of
the days of the Hawaiian monarchy.
FETE AWAKENS
THE PALACE OF
OLD HAWAII
:•<¦-¦ - ,.... ¦ • •, -,> ¦- (•>!¦ ¦ . •¦
" The. British; and the Boers are' finding some diffi
culty; in arranging' terms'of /'peace. \ They are agreed
oniy upon one point, but as that -point c is a mutual:
weariness of war . it may be , regarded as Sufficient.
When men have had enough of fighting peace is very
japt to come; of itself. / . :'• '
/ Charles -H.; Towne,, the silver-tongued, silver man;
has been silent;for*o long that most people have for
gotten him, but now he rises to remark that he is out
of politics and is not, a candidate for the Presidency
so the country learns 'that he is still living and is
slowly recovering his ] sanity. , >
UNIVERSITY AND Cf5LLEGE-L O
C, City. The head of Cornell University
at Ithaca. N. Y., is J. G. Schurman LlL
D.^of Cornell College at Mt. Ve'rnon
Iowa, is William F. King. D. D LL. r> •
of Harvard University. Cambridge Mass"
is Charles William Eliot. LL.D.- o 'f Penn"
sylvanla College ; of Pittsburg p a iZ
Rev. C. Martin, A. M., D/ D.T Pennsyl
vania College of Gettysburg, p a u m
W. McKnight. D. D., LL. D- . p^,";
vania State College/at State College Pa
ls George W. Atherton, LL. t>. f and '1
Yale University of New Haven." Conn
Arthur T. Hadley. LL. D. Persons writ-
Ing to any of these Institutions for a cata
logue should Inclose postage stamp for
reply, arid also indicate the reason for the
request . . . .
A meat dealer, in New York closed up his place of
business the other day and put up a sign, "This mar
ket will, reopen when the price of beef goes down."
By that action he has gained a large amount of free
advertising, in the newspapers and a good deal of
commendation, but so far as hVard from the" action
has had; no effect on the beef trust.
ADMISSION TO THE BAR— S AM
City. Applicants for admission to the bar
Iji California have to undergo an open ex
amination In the Supreme Court. The ap
plicants are examined on any topic in
which a graduate from, a law college has
studied. If admitted \ In the Supremo
Court the party has* right to'practice in
all the courts of the State, but to practice
in the Federal courts he must be admitted
there. The Clerk of the Supreme Court
will furnish Information as to the date for
the next examination.
The British House of Lords has finally and sol
emnly decided that it does not object to the introduc
tion of European capital ihto England. .The fact that
more than one member, of the august body 'has lived
and had his being upon ( American capital probably
had much . to. do ; with the decision. It would be Brit
ish suicide to shut out the market of .wealthy Ameri
can girls. . .
HOLIDAYS-C. C. B.. City. Congress
has at various times appointed special
holidays. In the second session of the
Fifty-third Congress it passed an act
making Labor day a public holiday In the
District of Columbia and it has recog
nized the existence of certain days as
holidays for commercial purposes, but
with the exception named there is no gen
eral statute on the subject of holidays by
Congress.
RUNNING TRAINS— C. H. M., City
The cost of running a ten-coach train de^
pends upon the~distance, the character of
country through which It passes, th«
amount of exertion' required to ascend
grades and the like. Such information is
not only not general, but the companies
do not give out the cost of operating sin
gle trains.
CALIFORNIA— M. A. M., Oakland, Cal
The abbreviation of California has not by
rule, regulation or law been changed front
Cal. to Calif. But there are many who
use Calif., so as to prevent confusion with
Col., which is the abbreviation for Colo
rado.. The postal authorities recognize
Cal. as the abbreviation of California.
Passing .from the end sought by this ambitious
scheme to the means for its attainment, we touch
ground that is* so intensely speculative as to put it on
To the* credit of the dreamer of this dream be it
said that he made it plain that the t plan had among
its. uses the humane purpose of preventing.war. But
he left out of his estimate that the condition to which
it would subject all other nations, including Adam
Zad, the Bear, would come to be less tolerable than
war. He also omitted from his calculation that such'
a combination would immediately ; force a combina
tion of all the other nations in self-defense, and that
with Germany and Russia in the lead of such a com
petitive organization the scheme would be more
likely to cause war than to procure peace, and that
such a war would exceed, in the stake for .which ,'the^
bloody game was played and in its sanguinary inci
dents all the" wars combined that the world has seen
and suffered. .
The distinguished man who seems to have had his
recreation in these visions conceived a union of An
glo-Saxon nations, with one capital at Washington
and the other at London. The administration was to
alternate every four years between the two. This
combined . Anglo-Saxon power was to" have the he
gemony of the world, the leadership merely, not the
government of the nations outside. Still, it would
be a great political, industrial and financial trust,
which would rule, without administering, every' other
nation. It could prevent war loans, and thereby
compel peace. It could stop the supply of food and
clothing to a recalcitrant people and command their
submission to its will.
THE publication by Mr. Stead of the rhapsody
of Cecil Rhcfdes, upon which it is supposed that
his legacy to international education was
founded, while it detracts from no estimate of what
he was, does affect the measure of what, he aspired to
be. The composition of his expression of his ideas
is, as Mr. Stead admits, obscure in style and halts
through involved sentences, so that one extracts the
meaning often to feel fatigued by the labor, j Still, as
a whole, the composition leaves no one in doubt of
the author's meaning, and when that is grasped the
importance of the scheme is found to depend entirely
upon the great position of its author and is not at all
intrinsic. ,;
ORPHANS— Reader, Kelseyville Cal
What Is meant by the State allowing
money for the support of half-orphans is
an allowance to institutions that receive
and care for orphans and half-orphan3,
and not to make an allowance to private
families where there are half-orphans.
THE DREAMS OP RHODES.
GOLDEN GATE PARK-D. L., City.
You can find "an up-to-date map of Gold
en Gate Park" 'at the office of the secre
tary, in the Park Lodge. That official will
Inform you whether there are copies of
the same for distribution.
PRODUCT OF GOLD-A. H. C, Phila
delphia, Pa. From the latest figures of
the production of gold in the United
States it appears that In 1900 the entire
product was 179,322.281, of which Califor
nia produced $15,863,355. • ',
In a communication embellished with high
sounding language and much Oriental flourish the
Chinese Government expresses a deep fear that our
good reputation in the Flowery Kingdom will suffer
if we prohibit the entrance of coolies to the Philip
pines. This affords an excellent opportunity for
Minister Wu to inform his Government that we are
not looking for a reputation in China and are very
busy in the Philippines.
i, ''Well, you' know, sir, anybody that
pays ' cash doesn't :' get : goods on : time."—
Philadelphia Record.
. ' 1- '-.<**¦.* :.¦¦•¦''-.
"Yes;, what's that got to do, with it?"
j'Letime see," said the. grocer, reflec
tively; "your -wife pays . cash, doesn't
Bhe?" , ..-¦-..* : : ,. ¦ '¦¦: :/•¦
"Look here, sir!" exclaimed the irate
customer. "Explain how it is the goods
my , wife ordered sent up for dinner
haven't been delivered.-. " .
Collector— This 'is the twentieth time,
sir ' that I have been here with this bill.
Mean Man— So it is; but I: should. like
to ask you if you ; have, on any one of
those times, brought a single little thing
for : the children!— Boston Journal.
Publisher— Say, , this same historical
period In ; your ¦ book ; has been i covered
within the last six weeks by some one
else. "¦'. '.,' - '.¦ "• • ¦ .
Author— That's; too bad. "Now I'll have
to change .the dates.— Brooklyn.
"A monopoly is like a baby," Bald the
Manayunk - Philosopher. "Men are op
posed to either on general principles until
they get one of their own."— Philadelphia
Record. And might have added that every
man considers his own a howling success.
' Little Walter ws eating lunch when he
gave his arm a sudden shove, and splash!
down went his glass of milk.
"I knew you were going to spill that!"
eald mamma angrily. l >' - '
"Well, if you knew," queried Walter,
"why didn't you. tell me?"— Little Chron
icle (Chicago). ..
"Those Chinese still insist on calling us
foreign devils," said one European soldier.
"I'm sorry for that," answered tho
other. "I'm afraid "we'll have to burn
another town and destroy some more
libraries before we' get them to realize
how civilized- we are."— Washington Star.
Johnsy— Well, I waited over a week, and
as he didn't mention the subject, I asked'
him for it, and all he said was, "Why,
didn't I give you my daughter?"— Tit-
Bits. )
Jacksy— And didn't .he?
Johnsy— What do you think? My wife's
father told me before we got married that
he would give me a handsome -present on
our wedding day.
Hungry Horace— Nothin' but de market
report in an old paper.— Baltimore Ameri
lcan. !
Kind Lady— And what did you eat then?
Hungry Horace— Kind lady, can't y*
gimme somepin ter eat? I ain't ' ate
nothin' sense day before yesterday..
"If one could only stay on the right side
of the ; stock . market always { he'd be all
right."
"It's easy enough to keep on the right
side." «
"You think so?"
"Certainly. The outside is the 'right
side."— Philadelphia Press. •,
"Nothing." answered the candidate,
frankly. "If I had ever done anything to
thoroughly qualify me for so Important
a position I could probably make a great
deal more money as a private citizen."—
Washington Star.
"What have you ever done to deserve
the office to which you aspire?" asked tho
voter.
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
BILLIARDS AND POOL— D. L., City.
There are a number of books that give in
structions on billiards and pool. Such
may be had from any first-class book
store, or may be seen at the Free Public
Libary.
ARMS AND LEGS— A constant reader
Menlo Park, Cal. The Call's index for
the year 1900 does not show, that there
was published an article on " 'The break
ing of arms and legs,' by J. J. O'Brien "
WASHINGTON, April 2L— The follow
ing Californians arrived to-day and reg
istered at the hotels: At the Raleigh—
A. A. Allen of Los Angeles and C. N.
Lathrop and Lee.Hervey of San Francis
co At the Willard— William H. Hart,
Mrs. W. W. Henry and John Gilchrist of
Oakland and C. Felton Jr. of San Fran
cisco. At the Arlington— Dr. Stewart and
wife of Los Angeles and J. H. Hutchln
son and E. # C. Hutchlnson of San Fran
cisco.
Californians in Washington.
THE TERRITORIES— Subscriber Red
ding, CaL The Territories of the United
States are: New Mexico, Arizona, Indian
Oklahoma. District of Columbia, Alaska
and Hawaii.
FLAX FIBER— J. F. S., City. The
amount of flax fiber Imported Into the
United States in 1891 was valued at $45,473,
251. ; Thq average price during the year
was $285*per ton.
NUISANCE— Old Subscriber, City. A
public nuisance is doing a thing to the
annoyance of the public or neglecting to
do a thing which the common good re
quires.
WHITES AND CHINESE— Subscriber,
City. Marriages between whites and Chi
nese are void In Arizona, California, Ne
vada, Oregon and Utah.
It is rare that a campaign opens with so near an
spproach to complete accord of sentiment as now
prevails among the rank and file of the Republican
camp. In fact, the only sounds or signs of dissent
:ome from the factioa that has been lined up to sup
port Gage and Assembly constitutional amendment
No. 28. Outside of that small but energetic crowd
there is a virtually unanimous conviction that either [
Gage must be defeated in the convention or the party
.viJl be defeated at the polls.
The utterances of the Republican papers on this
subject were strikingly confirmed by the proceed
ngs of the convention of the State League of Re
publican Clubs. At that gathering of stalwart party
vorkers from all sections of the State it was noted
hat the only disturbing element in the convention
vas made up of the Gage faction, and the only irri
ating incident was the Gage letter declining to at
end the convention and insulting every aspirant for
he Governorship who did attend it.
With no other obstacle to success than the faction
ight of the bosses and their henchmen, it ought to
le comparatively easy for Republicans to make cer
ain of a sweeping victory in the coming campaign,
f genuine Republicans will attend the primaries and
he preliminary work of organizing for the canvass,
f they will send as their representatives to the State
onvention stalwart Republicans who will refuse to
ake orders from Billy Herrin or any other railroad
•oss, the result will be the defeat of Gage's schemes,
he adoption of a platform denouncing the proposed
orporation amendment to the constitution, and the
ominaticn of a ticket that will carry the State by an
iverwhelming majority.
At this time the outlook is decidedly encouraging,
'artly by his subservience to Billy Herrin and partly
y his natural rudeness and insolence, Gage has of
mded nearly every class of Republicans. ' Some
ave been affronted by his swaggering support of
)an Burns for the Senate, some by his refusal
irough spiteful motives to assent to bills providing
yr the public, welfare, some by his degradation of
le Normal schools to the exigencies of boss poli
cs, some by the removal of Dr. Osborn from the
lome for Feeble-Minded Children to make a place
>r a tax-eating politician, some by the general unfit
ess of his appointments to office, and some by his
elight in saying spiteful and malicious things upon
!1 occasions, regardless alike of truth and of pro
riety.
Without the aid of the corporation political ma
line Gage would have no chance whatever to get
.•en so much as a mention for renomination. Backed
r the machine, however, he is formidable. • Through
terailroad^fcosses in the Democratic camp, a mot
y gang of Democratic rooters and heelers will be
•nt to vote this year at the Republican primaries,
id as a consequence there may be elected to the
invention a considerable number of henchmen hav
g no other political ambition than that of obeying
ilroad orders., Through their votes Gage hopes to
in out, and it must be admitted that if genuine Re
iblicans are in the least neglectful of their political
ities the chances of the bosses will be by no means
:ght.
Such being the case, it is gratifying to find the
press of the State acting harmoniously in
using the party to z sense of the danger. This is
ie of the occasions when the stalwarts must get
gether before the State convention occurs. Vic
ry will be easily won under a leader whom the
ople respect and whom the party will support with
dor, but tinder the leadership of Gage defeat is
rtain. The voters of the State did not know him in
s first ; canvass, but they know him now and will
ver re-elect him. .
£^ ROM the Republican press of every section of
< the State there come words of good cheer for
the party. Their utterances show substantial
nimity upon every notable issue of the coming
campaign. The counsel of all is for a united, har
monious party, and most of them add the plain
declaration that the only obstacle in the way of har
mony is the persistent effort of the railroad bosses to
force the renomination of Gage.
GETTING TOGETHER
PRIZE MONEZ— Subscriber, Alcatraz,
Cal. The prize money for the destruction
of the Spanish fleet in Manila Bay has not
yet been distributed.
ONE DAY'S WAGES-J. S. H., City. A
receipt in the following words is correct:
"In full, for one day's wage3, as first
mate."
BAKERSFIELD PAPER — Subscriber,
City. The morning paper of Bakersfleld,
Cab, Is the Kern County Echo.
AN ABBREVIATION— M. J. W , City
The letters A. R. stand for Anno Regni.
in the year of the reign.
Passenger Traffic Manager E. O. Mc-
Cormick has returned from the Trans
continental Passenger Association meet
ing at Coronado.
L. Bishop and J. O'Hagan, both sons of
well-known families in England, are at
the Palace. They arrived from the Orient
yesterday and are touring the world.
John T. Wilkle, chief of the United
States secret service department at Wash
ington," left for home yesterday. He' has
been a spectator at the Dlmmick trial.
Mayor M. F. Snyder of Los Angeles is
up from the south on a short business
trip. He has made his headquarters at
the Palace.
J. M: Willmans and F. W. Wlllmans,
two well-known mining men, who reside
at Newman, are at the Lick.
C. P. / Pierce, a fruit raiser of Marys
vill'e, is here 'on a short business trip and
is at the Lick.
R. T. Nlcherson, a mining man of So
noma, Is among the arrivals at the Grand.
W. \R. Spauldlng, a lumber dealer who
resided at Vlsalia, is a guest at the Lick.
Ii. T. Hatfield, a well-known attorney of
Sacramento, is a guest at the Occidental.
George T.. Nixon of Winnemucca, Nev.,
is at the Palace.
G. W. Towle, an extensive landowner
of Towles, Is a guest at the Grand.
The reports which have forced Senator Hanna to
make such emphatic denials are among the most
curious features of the politics of the time. No one
can trace a single one of them to any authoritative
source. They .are apparently as worthless as the
"specials" of yellow journals, and yet they find circu
lation everywhere and are gravely discussed from one
end of the Union to the other. Some time ago the
New York Tribune, in commenting upon their per
sistence said: "Unless Hanna with a loud oath jumps
into the air and declares he is- not a candidate, and
then jumps down with all his' weight on what ap
pears to be a movement to make him a candidate,
President Roosevelt will have a good deal of trouble
before the next : National Republican Convention
meets." The desire to find a leader for a Republican
opposition to the President is not in itself surprising.
No President can satisfy all^the office-seekers or
patronage brokers in his party, and those who are
disappointed very naturally, seek for a new deal. This,
we believe; is, however, the most persistent effort
ever made to force a man to accept such leadership.
Senator Hanna is wise in avoiding it, and, now that
he has been so emphatic iiv-repudiating the report
it is to be hoped he will have no further trouble
with it.- . *" _• ' . - \ ______ \
This emphatic statement of Mr. Hanna was made
to a number of Senators, and Washington corre
spondents declare it to be the general sentiment at
the capital that the Senator is absolutely sincere in
his declarations. He not only has no thought of be
coming a candidate for the Presidency, but he finds
that the persistent reports, of his candidacy and the
evident intention of some persons to force him, as it
were, to accept the opposition to Roosevelt is inter
lering with what has become a strong ambition, the
desire to devise some means of settling controversies
between labor and capital without recourse to strikes,
which are so disastrous to all concerned and which
frequently lead to bloodshed.
The reference to his work as chairman of th.6 Na
tional Board of Arbitration gives to that statement
much more interest than would attach to a mere de
niaLof Presidential' aspirations. The Senator seems
himself to have realized that, for he went on to say:
"If these fool people, some of whom are my friends
and others my enemies, would stop talking about my
being, a candidate for President, I am confident I
could accomplish something of real benefit to the
country jn the task I have undertaken to bring about
a thorough' and permanent understanding between
Capital and labor, or between the employing and the
working classes. My work along this line is greatly
embarrassed, if not actually hampered, by the fre
quent talk of my being a candidate for President.
* * ?- I would rather be instrumental fn bringing
the. employing classes- and the working; classes to
gether, so that, strikesVand "other. industrial .^disturb
ances would be minimized, if not wholly abolished,
and have credit for that achievement placed upon my
tombstone, than be President of the United States."
SENATOR HANNA has become much ;• an
noyed by. the' persistent reports that he will' be
a candidate for the Presidential nomination . in
1904. He has once more repeated' his declaration:
"lam not a candidate for President and do not eje
pect to become a candidate. I wish everybody to un
derstand that, so that I can go on with the task as
signed me by the National Civic Federation without
having my motives viewed with suspicion."
H ANNA'S AMBITION.
PERSONAL MENTION.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
DOGS and cats have been employed to draw baby carriages, but using a
rooster for fci^ch a purpose is a new idea. O. J.'Plomesen of Luvefne,
Iowa, has a flock of Cochin China fowls, among: them a rooster that is a
giant in the feather- klndom. On account of his size and breed he is a pet
in the family and has-become very tame. . Plomesen conceived the plan
of .training him to draw the baby carriage in which his daughter takes her exer
cise in the air. He made a light harness, fastened it to the bird, and after a
few 'weeks taught him to pull r the vehicle along the dOoryard path without
difficulty.
• The little one, .of .course, cannot drive, but her slater sometimes gets Into the
carriage arid guides. the feathered "horse" about the yard. .-
TUESDAY APRIL 22. 1902
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, p ™P™^x-
Address All CosBcuiciUons U W. 8. LEAKS, Xuagtr.
PUBLICATION OFFICE... Market and Third, S k ,F.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
TELEPHONE.
Ask for THE CALL. The Operator Will Connect
You With the Department You Wish.
Delivered by Carrier*, 15 Cent* Per Week.
Single Copies. S Cents.
Terms by Mall. Including: Postasret
DAILY CALL, (including Sunday), one year...". $6.00
I>AILY CALL (Including: Sunday), 6 months... 8.00
DAILY CALL (including Sunday). 3 months.. 1.B0
DAILY CALL. — By Single Month . 65c
SUNDAY CALL, One Year 1.80
WEEKLY CALL, One Year 1.00
All postmasters tire authorized to receive
subscriptions.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested. • i
M8.ll subscribers In ordering change of address should be
particular to give both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS in order
to insure a prompt an( j correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE 1118 Broadway
C. GEORGB ItltOGNESS,
Ktrtger Foreign Acvertiiicg, Xs.rt.iMtt* Baildiog, Ckietgs.
CLong Distance Telephone "Central 2618.")
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CAH.I/TOX Herald Square
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel..
A German inventor has been : arrested on a charge
of gulling the public by. inducing it to subscribe for
stock in an airship project The; inventor /might
reasonably plead in defense that it is. no offense to
operate upon that part ;of the public which' was
caught in his net. , He is not responsible for the
idiocy of some of his compatriots, v ;
O. P. PLOMlJSEN OF LUVERNE, IOWA, HAS SUCCESSFULLY TRAINED
A BIG PET ROOSTER TO HAUL THE VEHICLE IN WHICH HIS
LITTLE DAUGHTER TAKES HER DAILY AIRING. ' •
It would seem, then, to be imperative that the tour
of troops in the islands be shortened. Spain, with
a soldiery "much more resistant to the influence of
the climate than ours, found two years to be the
maximum time that it was safe to keep troops there.
There may now be no doubt that the erratic atroci
ties committed by Spain, of which we have so much
complained, were in large part attributable to the
very cause >we are j discussing. We are persuaded
that it will -be safer for us to limit the tour of our
troops to one year. There will be less to regret in
the islands and fewer military pensions to pay by and
by if this is done, and, though such a policy will be
at present costly, it will be economy in the long run.
As we began with a mistaken estimate of climatic
enmity, it need not be wondered at that we have
continued in the original error until. we are jolted out
of our preconceptions by events which profoundly
impress the humanity of the country. There should,
under the circumstances, be no pride of opinion to'
restrain us from righting ourselves, and promptly,
before there are more of such occurrences as these
which warrant action now.
Nothing will be gained by sending an erroneous
view on up, to be shared by headquarters. That will
be no remedy at all. The climate is not going to
change to please us. The vertical sun is not going
into a horizontal decline because it shines on
Americans. Physical conditions will remain fixed,
and if there be any mitigating influence it must come
of accommodating our policy to them, not them to it.
Unhinged for judgment, the officers visit punish
ments upon the offenders that would not be per
mitted to any officer -in the United States. But be
cause the officers misjudge the men is no reason
for misjudgment of the officers. They are entitled
to the same leniency of judgment with which the pri
vates should have been treated by them.
The special twelve who were shot are shot, and that
ends them. Their fate is of far less consequence than
the policy toward the people of Samar put in the or
der of General ¦ Smith. It must be 'remembered that
Waller made oath to that order and that he regarded
it as justification of his act. The verdict of the court
martial is an indorsement of the testimony of Waller.
Now what is to be dyone?
The first conclusion is that Washington heeds to
be in closer touch with military operations in the
Philippines. The .officers in command there need
to feel some superior limitation upon the power they
exercise. It is already in evidence that the climate
has an effect upon men and officers that after awhile
unfits them for judgment. The rapidly spreading'
complaints of bad treatment of our own soldiers by*
their officers indicate this. These complaints maice
it evident that climatic effects upon the men make
them reckless. of discipline.' To this there are many
accessory causes. The long distance from home, the
novel and often unpleasant surroundings, the fatigue
of marches and a diet new to them and the despair,
that makes men reckless, all indicate that^the ranks
suffer from conditions that no human power can con
trol. They inhere in natural conditions which have
been recognized in the experience of all countries
that have carried on military operations in ' the
tropics. When the consequences of these novel con
ditions appear in the conduct of the men, their of
ficers, wrought upon by the same influences, judge
them as they would for similar conduct at home,
where the conditions would make it flagrant, and im-.
pute to the guilty a turpitude which should not be
charged to them in the tropical service.;
THE court-martial trying Lieutenant Waller for
shooting prisoners on Samar has acquitted him. .
This action carries with it several considera-*
tions that must be* squarely met. The inci
dents of the trial went past Waller to his military su
perior. In his-pwn testimony in justification. of his
act the lieutenant went beyond any act of the pris
oners as justification for shooting them and swore
that he was ordered by General Smith to shoot pris
oners. He did not: limit this order to sex, but when
asked as to the age of persons to be shot General;
Smith replied, "All over ten years old."
We desire to consider only in a dignified way. this
colossal conception, but We are compelled to believe
that its author's claim to immortality, must rest upon
something less vague and' fantastic. ¦-
Naturally 'he reasoned that, given the power of the
combined wealth of the. Anglo-Saxon world, used by
a secret organization, allegiance and sovereignty, civil
institutions, national pride and all could be led cap
tive into a combination that would powerfully appeal
to the imaginations of men and lead them captive
into a combination that would use .' the energies of
millions of men and billions' of ' mbneV to a
federation, that the sober mind would look upon as
fantastic in conception and upon the secret means for
its attainment as'essentiaily puerile. .' # ,¦
All this grand partnership of a race Was not to be
effected by a sentiment publicly promoted. It was
not to be the fruit of open discussion. It was not to
be born of any of the means used in the evolution of
races and the growth of nations, but by a secret so
ciety that should represent the wealth of the Anglo-
Saxon race. This secret society . was to be copied'
from Ignatius Loyola, and was to be made pervasive
of the race selected as the beneficiary of the scheme.
He no doubt carried this idea over from his experi
ence of the power of mcJney acquired as the organizer
of the De Beers diamond trust and the South African
Company. In' their field of operation >he had seen
these two organizations prevail over all things. They"
had changed political geography, transferred sover
eignty; shifted national allegiance and almost defied
nature herself. •' ' •' . ¦¦¦¦¦¦ .'¦'¦ ¦ ..
the plane of perpetual motion and the mechanical
paradoxes in the search for which men have addled
their brain's. : v^ •¦:; -'¦,¦
WALLER'S ACQUIT ( TAL.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 22, 1902. '
COCHIN CHINA ROOSTER
DRAWS BABY CARRIAGE
-Men shaved without soap. 15c. at Rum'Hoom
Antiseptic Barber Shop, 21T Montgomery. •
Dr. Sanford's Liver Invigorator.
•Best LlverMedlclne. Vegetable Cura for Llverllla
Biliousness. Indigestion. Constipation. Malaria. '•
There are still districts in Italv \rh?r«
the peasants llv.e on chestnuts and a* or"
S^th lr ; h^ h |,^ g . rlci 1 ltural reglons °* tha
SE&SttKft' met m ° St « clusl vely com-
Special information supplied daily to
business^ houses^ and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Aliens) 230 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Townsend's California glace fruit 50c a
pound. In fire-etched boxes or Jao bas
kets. A nice present for Eastern friendl
C30 Market St.. Palace Hotel building? •
6
Auction this day, at 11 o'clock. Horses, Wagons, etc., at
11*0 Folsom ctreet.
By J. D. Horan — S&turdaV. April 26, at 11 o'clock. Horses
at corner Tenth and Bryant streets.
AUCTION R*T.ir.ft
AWnSTTWBWTA
Columbia — "Tom Pinch."
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
Giand Opera-house — "The Empress Theodora."
Fischer's Theater — "Fiddle Dee De»."
California— "Captain Lettarblalr."
Tlvoli — "The Fortune Teller."
Central — "A Child of Fortune."
Alcazar — "The Two Escutcheons." .
Oakland Racetrack — Races to-day. »
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAVING TOWH FOR THE SUMMER
Call nubnerilKT* contemplating a. chance of ,
residence daring- the Hammer months can have
tlielr paper forwarded by mall to their new !
addresses by notifying 1 The Call Baainesa Ofltce.
This paper will also be on sale at all summer
resorts and is represented by a local ageat in
all tOTrns on the coast.Babcock, for San Francisco.
In port April S— SaiD Paul Revere, for San
Francisco. . '
BOSTON— Arrived April 19— U S Stmr AJax.
from Manila.
FOREIGN SORTS.
CARDIFF— Arrived April 19— Br «hU> Har
lech Castle, hence Nov 19.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived April 19— Bf itmr «
Glengarry, from Tacoma. ¦
GIBRALTAR— Passed April 19— Nor »tmr
Smyra, from Manila, for Boston.
IPSWICH— In port Aorll 4— Fr bark Anjou,
for San Francisco, via Swansea.
PISAGUA— In port March 13— Br «hh> Ar
ranmore, for 8an Francisco. . . ¦ . . • . -.-',¦
CALCUTTA— Sailed April 2— Br »tmr Cym
bellne, for San Francisco.
MANILA— Sailed April 2Q— U S itmr Bu
ford. fpr_New York. ___
NEWCASTLE, Aus— Sailed April 20— Ship
J B Brown, for San Francisco.
Sailed April 11 — Brig Geneva, for Honolulu.
Sailed April 10 — Bktn Georslama. for Hono
lulu; Asril 19 — Schr Otella Pederson. for
Honolulu. ¦ ....
PORT PIRIE— Sailed April 20— Scar Wat- i
son A West, for Grays Harbor. ¦*
VANCOUVER, B C— Sailed April 21— Br
stmr Queen Mary, for Comox and Esquimau, a
ANTWERP— Sailed April 21— Fr bark St
Donatlen. for San Francisco.
SWANSEA— In port April 2— Br ship Leon
Blum, to sail April 23 for San Francisco. . .
HULL — In port April 10 — Br ship Metropo
lis, for San Francisco.
Arrived April 20 — Fr bk Empereur Meneltk,
hence Nor 22; Br ship Pegasus, hence Deo 14.
HAMBURG— In sort March . 27— Ger bark
Ecuador, for Oregon.
SHANGHAI — In port March 12— Br bark •
Woollahra, for Eureka. • . • -
Sailed April ISr-Scnr W H Talbot, for Port
Townsend. --.-.,. .,
IQUIQUE— Sailed March 13 — Br bark Ivan
hoe, for Honolulu.
In port April 15— Br ship Manx King, for
San Francisco.
ST VINCENT— Arrived April 21 — Ger _tmr
Herodot. hence Jan 22.
PORT SAID»-Arrlved April 20 — Ger stmr
Verona, from New York, for Manila, etc.
VALPARAISO — Sailed April 3 — Schr Com
merce, for San Francisco.
GUAYMAS— Arrived April 20— Schr Re»>
lute, from Grays Harbor.
HARWICH— Arrived April 19— Br ¦hip Prin
cipality, hence Dec 24.
FALMOUTH— Arrived April 20— Br ship
Crown of India, from OreKon.
STJNBKRLAND — Arrived April 21 — Br ship .
Anglesey, hence Dec 22.
r OCEAN STEAMERS. '
NEW YORK— Arrived April 21— Stmr No-" 1
madic, from Liverpool.
GIBRALTAR — Arrived April ») — Stmr Tra- ¦
vie. from New York.
ST VINCENT. C V— Arrived April 21— Stmr
Herodat, for Seattle and San Francisco, from.
Hamburg.
LONDON — Arrived April 21 — Stmr Miaae
haha. from New York.
BREMEN- Sailed April 21— Stmr Riein. for
New York.
Sailed April 20— Schr Barbara Hernster. for
San Francisco. ' .
Arrived Aprif 21— Schr Mary Buhne, hence
bailed 'April 21— Stmrs Alliance and Eureka.
¦for San Francisco. .
SEATTLE^-Arrlved Atirll 21 — Stmr John S
Klmball, hence April 17; schr Wm Notting-
I ham, from Port Los Angeles; stmr Rainier,
hence April IS. „ • . . '
Sailed April 21 — Br v ship Grenada, for
Queehstown; stmr City of Puebla, for San
Francisco. ' _
Arrived and Sailed April 21— Stmr Queen,
for Puget Sound ports and San Francisco; stmr
City of Tooeka. for Alaska. . .'
Arrived April 20— Stmr Elihu Thomson, from
Valdez. - • . _ ,
Sailed Anrll 20—Stmr Despatch, for Fair
haven; stmr Farallon, for Skagway; stmr City
of Topeka, for Skagway. . *<v
- CRESCENT CITY— Arrived Abrll . 21— Stmr
Del Norte. hence Am-il 19 ;
Sailed AdHI 21 — Stmr Crescent City, for
San Francisco. ¦ ¦ -¦•¦>' •_
UMPQUA — Arrived April 18 — Schr Beulah,
from San Pedro. «¦."•„„*
Arrived April 19— Schr Louise, from San
NEW WHATCOM— Arrived April 21— Schr
Mildred, hence April 10. • .
ABERDEEN— Arrived April 19— Stmr News
boy, hence Aorll 10; April 21— Stmr Coronado,
hence A^rll IS. ,. „ "'•
PORT TOWNSEND — Arrived April 21 — Schr
, W F Witzemann. from San Pedrp.
Passed in April 21— Schr Efic. from San
Sailed April 21 — Bark Carrollton, for Hono
lulu; Br ship Grenada, for United Kingdom.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Aprir 21— Stmr Che
halls, hence April 10; stmr Ruth, from Eu
re SaIled April 19— Schr Americana, for Oyster ,
Sailed Aaril 21— Stmr Acme, for San Fran
cisco
SOUTH BEND— Arrived April 21— Schr Re
peat, hence April 9. ., . - ._ i
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived April 20— Schr
Esther Buhne. from San Pedro: schr. G C
LIndauer. hence Acrll 17. „_,,„..
BOWENS LANDING — Sailed April 21 —
Stmr Gualala, for San Francisco. _
SAN DIEGO — Arrived Anrll 21 — Schr- Lottie
Carson, from Eureka.
ASTORIA— Sailed April 21— Ger etmr Theo
dor Wllle. for Vladivostok: stmr North Star,
f0 NEAH k BAY-Passed In April 21-U S stmr
Bear, hence April 16: stmr Chieo. from Port
land: bark Lev! G Burgess, hence April 13,
O pORT Om ANGELES — Sailed April 21 — Bark
Star of Bencal, for Chemalnus; in bay— Br
ship Peter Iredale. .
ISLAND PORT.
HILO— Arrived April &— Stmr Enterprise,
hence March 30, to sail April 18 for Sag Fran-
ClSC0 ' EASTERN PORTS.
NEW YORK— Sailed Anrll 21— j Shin I F
Chapman, for San Francisco: April 20— Br
stmr Seneca, for Manila. i A_ C i,i« w v
BALTIMORE— Sailed April lOj-Shio W F
TO SAIL.
FROM SEATTLE.
TUKSDAY, APRIL 22.
" Notice; is hereby given that the Point W11-'
son buoy No. 6, a first-class nun, . reported
adrift February. 10 (L.H..B. bulletin No. 120,
par. 67) was replaced on Its former position off
the foul ground off Point. Wilson on AprlllO.
This notice affects the List of Beacons . and
Notice, to Mariners.
WASHINGTON.
NOTE-^In the above exposition of the tides
the ¦ early: morning tides are given In the left
hand - column and •¦ the , successive ¦ tides ¦ of : the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; ths
fourth time column gives the last title of th»
day, except. when; there are but three tides, ai
tometimes occurs. . The height* given are . in
addition , to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( — )
The steamer Umatllla sailed ' yesterday for
Victoria with a general cargo to be landed at
the principal British: Columbian ports. The
cargo as manifested lip to 3 p. . m. was valued
at $16,037 and included the following merchan
dise and produce:
20 150 lbs dried fruit, 7404 lbs butter, 577
lbs cheese, 121 pkgs fresh fruit, 213 pkgs fresh
vegetables, 3C50 lbs mlllstuffs, 36,335 lbs malt,
4822 lbs rice. 2000 lbs beans. 211 lbs ham and
bacon, 212 lbs chocolate, 401 lbs coffee, 2360
lbs laislns, 2052 pigs lead, 144 pkgs groceries
»nd provisions, 25 cs canned ¦ fruit, ¦ 220 . bxs
paste, 450 tins matches, -12 cs and 60S gals
wine 1800 ft lumber, 64 pkgs marble, , 2010
lbs zinc, 10 cs arms and ammunition, .; 10 ca
•drugs, 244 lbs tobacco, 12 pkgs hardware, »
bales twine, 6 cs honey, 0 bales leather. .
In addition to the foregoing the steamer car
ried 50 cs canned gtx>ds en route to Sydney,
Australia, valued at $400, and 10 cs varnish for
Yokohama, Japan, valued at $105. ' . . ; ¦
The French bark General Foy was cleared
yesterday for Ipswich, England, with 18,010
ctls wheat valued at $20,036, and 48,152 ctls
barley valued at $45,743; The vessel carried
22 000 feet of lumber as dunnage, valued at
1330. . __ -
Merchandise for British Columbia.
Grain for Great Britain.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United 8tates Coast and Geodetic Survey—
. Times and Heights o( High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent. . ->
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the - city front (Mission-street wharf) about
iwenty-tlve minutes later than at Fort Point ;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
The ship St. Frances will load lumber at
Hastings Mills for Delagoa Bay, 06s 3d, char
tered in England, prior to arrival.
The British ship Senator is chartered for
lumber from Puget Sound to Algoa Bay at 65s.
The BChooner Rosamond and the barkentlne
S. N. Castle take general cargo from this port
to Honolulu. The bark Annie Johnson 1 loads
general cargo for HUo. •
Shipping Merchants.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Praying for Bain in Kansas.
LEAVENWORTH. Kans., April 21.— The
need for rain in Kansas has become so
dire that Bishop Fink, whose diocese con
sists of the eastern third of Kansas, has
ordered prayers said daily by every Cath
olic under his Jurisdiction. Sunday prayers
were offered In all Leavenworth Catholic
churches, and again to-day. Under the
orders from the Bishop the prayers wiil
be continued until rain falls.
PLEADS HIS OWN CASE
AND GAINS ACQUITTAL
Stanford Student Escapes a Fine,
While Another Alleged Offender
Is Convicted.
PALO ALTO, April 2L— G. M. Coen f 05,
one of three Stanford students arrested
for disturbing the peace during a recent
theatrical performance in Palo Alto by a
traveling company, was found guilty In
Justices Charles' court this afternoon.
Sentence will be passed to-morrow r
If David A. Curry, the furniture dealer,
•who is the prosecuting witness In the
case, carries out his threat, wholesale ar
rests of the students who assembled at
Curry's Hall will follow. Frank E. Nangle
*03. whose hearing: on a like charge with
Coeri's occurred this afternoon, was ac
quitted. He pleaded his own case before
the court, while Coen was defended by
M. C. Decarll and T. McFadden, two stu
dents in the law department. The trial
of M. H. Newburg '02, the third man ar
rested, will occur to-morrow.
Vimiera Has Close Calla
The British ship Vimlera, which arrived
Sunday night from Antwerp, narrowly es
caped destruction early yesterday morning on
the shore at Biack Point, and Incidentally
barely avoided a collision with the French
bark La Perouse. Beth vessels were an
chored. The Britisher's anchor chain parted
and she was left to the mercy of the tide.
She swooped down on the French bark, miss
ing her by a narrow shave, and was all but
ashore on Black Point when the port anchor
got a holding grip of the bottom of the bay.
The Vimlera lost forty fathoms of chain in
addition to her anchor.
Attempted Murder on Umatilla.
William Ross, a marine fireman, shot and
wounded ' Thomas H. Ferguson, also a fireman,
on the main deck of the steamship Umatllla
yesterday morning. Just a few minutes before
the vessel sailed. Ferguson was treated at
the Harbor Hospital and from there transferred
to the Marine Hospital. Ross was placed un
der arrest. Both men were employed on the
rteamshlp and' the shooting was the outcome
of a drunken quarrel, both men being under
the influence of liauor. Fercuson was hit on
the right side. The bullet glanced around his
ribs and made Its exit without having wrought
much internal injury.
Liverpool underwriters are paying 25 per
cent reinsurance on the Norwegian ship Alta
vela, now out ninety days form Vancouver for
Ostend.
The big freighter Alaskan started yesterday
morning on her maiden voyage. She goes to
New York by way of Honolulu.
*The French ship Leon Blum, which sailed
on Wednesday from Swansea for this port, was
named after a well-known member of the local
firm. Roth, Blum & Co. :
"Water Front Notes. 1
Reinsurance on the German ship H. F.
Glade was advanced yesterday to WM»er cent,
and on the bark Tosemlte it was marked up to
SO uer cent. The Red Rock has fallen to 25
per cent.
Reinsurance Bates.
STAMTOBD WILIi LOSE
JAMES PABKZB, HALL
Associate Professor in the Law De
partment Tenders His Besig- .
nation.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. April 2L—
James Parker Hall, associate professor in
the Stanford law department, has ten
dered his resignation to President Jordan,
to take effect at the close of the present
eemester, in order to accept a full profes
sorship in the newly established graduate
law school at the University of Chicago.
Professor Hall Is considered one of the
most: brilliant legal thinkers in the coun
try- and is particularly popular with the
law students here, who regret keenly his
approaching departure.
Slightly Generous Bobbers.
REDDING, April 21.— Two polite and
generous robbers held up two working
men near Baird Spur on Friday night.
The laborers were trudging along the
railroad track with their blankets on their
backs when halted by the highwaymen.
One of the victims handed over $3 and the
other $2 and a silver watch. The robbers
withdrew a short distance and held a par
ley Then, saying they did not care to be
too hard on workingmen, they returned
$1 to the man who had given them $5 and
50 cents to the other man. They kept tha
timepiece. -' '-" 'X \'.
Quarrel Ends in Stabbing.
SANTA ANA, April 2L— Steven Barker,
a butcher of Anaheim, was stabbed in
the back in that city on Saturday night
by "Coyote" Joe Reyes, a quarrelsome
Mexican. Both men had been drinking,
and early in the evening exchanged blows
in a saloon. Later at midnight Reyes
met Barker on the street and made at
him with a dirk, stabbing him twice. One
of the wounds is near the lung and may
prove fatal. Reyes is under arrest.
ROBINSOX, Cal., April 21.— The Melones
Mining Company has begun operations,
there now being sixty stamps dropping
daily. The gigantic plant has been under
way since 1897. It has taken a little less
than $1,000,000 to perfect the plant. Wa
ter power Is being used for. all purposes.
The water is taken from the Stanislaus
River and flumed four miles to the mill.
Great expectations are hinging upon the
results of the milling, as mother lode
mining is growing in favor with capital
and should the Melones yield dividends
there will be a pronounced increase in the
number of operative companies.
Melones Mine in Operation.
Major J. N. Henry, surgeon, U. S. V., com
manding detachment hospital corps men ~ to
Manila, and Lieutenant J. P. Robinson, ar
tillery corps, commanding and accompanying
Honolulu detachment. . .
Contract Surgeons E. B. Bailey, E. T. Wil
son, W. E. Hall, C. A. Warwick.
Mrs. J. C. O'Donnell, Mrs. Frank Woodbury,
J. W. Desmond, Mfss Edith Quakenbush, Mrs.
C. M. Stanisfer, A. H. Kennedy, C. W. Stine,
W. Ware, S. S. Carothers, J. H. Thlgpen. S.
A. Harvey, . H. T. Schildroth, M. • D. ; Mrs.
Garret O'Reilly and child, S. C. Williamson,
Mrs. L. Barbeau and two children, H. G. De
patz, C. W. Dorsey, wife and child; P. H.
Loughran, Mrs. John H. Voss, E. H. Fogerty,
Mrs. H. R. Lee, Captain John P. Hains,
Lieutenant H. ,1* James, D. W. Chamberlain,
V. M. Elmore. D. A. Snyder, A. H. Hlckox,
Captain W. K. Jones, wire and two children;
Mrs. H. L. James, ProfeBsor J. M. Wilson,
Miss S. Kennedy and eister. G. W. Gannon and
wife. Major P. R. Egan, W. Lynch, wife and
two children.
Officers accompanying Eleventh Infantry:
Major J. B. Jackson, Captains J. S. Emery, W.
T. Wilder, H. R. Lee. J. W. Heavey, Lieuten
ants S. G. Chiles. J. W. Furlew. W. M.
Parker, O. R. Booth, G. R. Crawford, S. T.
Mackall, A. O.. Seaman, G. L. Johnson. !
. The Crook left the transport dock
promptly at noon and'after boat drill and
a stowaway hunt off Angel Island pro
ceeded to sea.
Conspicuous among the departing offi
cers was Captain J. P. Hains of the Ar
tillery Corps. Captain Hains is well
known in local society circles, and has
the reputation In the service of being a
smart artillery engineer. He is famous
apart from that, however, -as being on&
of the few American army officers daring
enough to appear before his men in
khaki breeches cut in all the extremes of
tightness and looseness prescribed uy
the British school of riding. He rides,
however, with a long stirrup, never drops
an "H," and is classed by the ladies a*
"cute."
Among the passengers was Miss Edith
Quackenbush, who goes to the Philip
pines to marry a schoolteacher.
The Crook carried five members of the
hospital corps for Honolulu and thirty
six of the same service for Manila. The
Eleventh Infantry men numbered 411.
The cabin passengers were:
HE army transport Crook sailed
II yesterday for Manila with the
I second battalion of the Eleventh
\\ Infantry, . a few recruits, forty
one hospital corps men and sixty
six cabin passengefs. Among the latter
were the officers in charge of the troops,
officers on special duty and officers on
their way to join commands, a few
schoolteachers and some civilian Govern
ment employes.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
Buoys, Pacific Coast, 1002, page 75. ?.'. ..
By order of the Lighthouse Board.
W. P. DAY,
Commander, U. S. N., Lighthouse Inspector.
¦ign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the meu
of the lower low waters.
Time Ball.
Branch Ilydrographic Office, V. S. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
April 21, 1902.
The lime Ball on the tower of the Ferry
eulldlng was dropped exactly at noon to-day,
I. c, at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
p. • m., Greenwich mean time.
W. H. STANDLET,
Lieutenant. U. S. N., in charge.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
', 'Monday, April 21. '
Stmr Melville Dollar, Gow, 4 days and 3
hours from 'Whatcom.
Stmr State of California, Thomas. 40 hours
from San Dieco.
Stmr Pleiades. Purrlnjcton, 4^ days from
Nanatmo. "
Ship Kmily F Whitney. Brl«rman, IS days
from Makaweli.
Bark Gerard C Tobey, Gove, 10 days from
Honolulu." ¦ . ¦ ¦«
Bktn Archer, Calhoun, 23 days from Hono
lulu.'
Schr Defiance, Saletzke, 13 days from Fair
haven, via Cape Flattery 10}$ days.- :
Schr Barbara llernster, Benediktsen, 30
hours from Eureka.
Schr. Del Norte, - Jacobsen, 4% days from
Rocue River.
CLEARED,
SAILED.
Monday, April 21.
Stmr Umatllla, Cousins, for Victoria and
Port Townsend; Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Tug Nahualate. Moller, for -.San Jose de
Guatemala; Pacific Mall Steamship Co.
Fr bark General Foy. Breullle, for Ipswich:
Balfour, Guthrle & Co.
Aus bark Deveron, Matinolich, for Liver
pool; J J Moore & Co.
Br ship BunstafTnage. Forbes, for Liver
pool; G W McNear.
; *" Monday, April 21.
Stmr Alaskan, Banfleld, for New York, via
Honolulu.
Stmr Umatllla,. Cousins, for Victoria and
Pucet Sound ports. • .
Stmr Corona, Swanson, for Port Harford.
Stmr Alcazar, Martin, for Greenwood.
U S stmr Crook, Walcott, for Manila.
Tub Nahualate, Moller, for San Jose de
Guatemala.
Schr Mary Etta, Halverdsen,. for Sluslaw
River.
Bchr Conflanza, Olsen, for Coquille River.
Schr Halcyon, Johnson, for Grays Harbor.
¦ Behr Wing and Wing, Hansen, for Sluslaw
River. .* • --'
* TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, April 21, 10 p m — Weather
hazy; wind NW, velocity 28 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS. .
TACOM A— Arrived April 21— Bktn Portland,
hence Auril 11: atmr Calif ornlan, from Seat
tle; Ger stmr Neka, hence April 17: bktn Ruth,
hence April 0; Br ship Arctic Stream, from
Seattle.
Sailed AdH1 21 — Br ship Grenada, for
Queenstown. [ ; ,
• Arrived ¦ and Sailed April 21 — Stmr Queen,
for Pugret Sound port* and San Francisco;
stmr City of Topeka, for Alaska.
Sailed Ariril 20 — Bark Carrollton, for Hono
lulu. .
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed Anrll 20— Schr
Queen, for San Francisco.
EUREKA— Arrived Anril 20— Stmr Eureka,
hence April 19; schr Eureka, hence April 10.
THE BRITISH SHIP AND THE FRENCH BARK WHICH NARROWLY ES
. CAPED A SERIOUS COLLISION OFF BLACK* POINT YESTERDAY BY
REASON OF THE PARTING OF THE FORMER'S ANCHOR CHAIN. /
"We do not contemplate building to the
coast," continued Cable. "In every essen
tial but that of owning our own line to
the Pacific we are now a coast road. We
are doing a through freight business and
running through passenger cars from Chi
cago to Los Angeles and San Francisco,
and next fall we will put on a train serv
ice from Chicago to the coast."
Cable would not speak of the connec
tions that would be made by the projected
new line to Salt Lake, whether it woulu"
reach the coast over the Clark road, or if
the agreement now existing with the Har
riman lines would be extended to the Cen
tral Pacific and the new extension of the
Oregon Short Line would be the outlets..
"That line will be built. There'is a rich
country in Northern Colorado not reached
by any railroad that offers many induce
ments to railroad builders. The line pro
jected to run directly west from Denver,
across the mountains, would be shorter by
at least 150 miles than the Denver and Rio
Grande and shorter than the Union Pa
cific.
LOS ANGELES. April 21.-The first Offi
cial confirmation of the plans for western
extensions of the Chicago, Rock Island
and Pacific Railroad was given to-day by
«, R. Cable, chairman of the board of
directors of the Rock Island company.
Cable said that a western extension from
Denver would be the first undertaking of
h!s company. A line through to the coast
-would not be undertaken because the
present joint traffic agreements with the
Southern Pacific were so satisfactory that
there was no need of another line. When
the rumor of a new line through northern
Colorado to Salt Lake was mentioned,
Cable said:
Special Dispatch to The Call.
At the Coroner's inquest to-day nothing
was developed as to the original cause or
responsibility for the disaster. Captain
Phillips testified that he could not ac
count for the origin of the fire unless an
electric wire had started It. He stated
that so far as he knew there were fifty
six lives lost.
The Coroner was advised of other bod
ies being recovered at distances from this
city, but none of them have been identi
fied. A careful estimate by those who
were aboard the City of Pittsburg to
night puts the loss of life at snety-three
as the lowest, and the. opinion of some is
that the list will approximate 100. Of this
appalling death list only three bodies
have been recovered and Identified up to
a late hour to-night. All of the injured
are being well cared for and are recover
ing. All who escaped from the burning
boat without their effects have been
clothed and made comfortable, and most
of them have departed for home.
No attempt to recover bodies has been
xnade yet in either wreck or river.
CAIRO, 111., April 21.— After searching
two days the death roll of the burned
Bteamer City of Pittsburg has not been
reduced any from the first reports. Of the
145 persons who were on the boat when
it burned yesterday about half are still
missing, and to-night no further hope for
them is expressed. The books and valu
ebles of the boat, crew and passengers
ere still in the ruins. The wreck is above
¦water and is still smoldering to-night.
Owing to the heated condition of the hull
searjh for those cremated in it has not
been begun, and few of the bodies of
those who wens drowned have been re
covered owing to the swift current at the
scene of the disaster.
Chairman Cable Tells of
the Rock Island's
Projects.
Fully Three Score Lives
Are Lost on Burned
Steamer.
DENVER-UTAH
ROAD ASSURED
LIST OF DEAD
NOT COMPLETE
THE SAK FRANCISCO CAM, TUESDAY, APRIL 22, 1902. ..
Leaves Transport Dock Promptly on. Schedule. Time and Carries More
Than ¦ Sixty Cabin Passengers, Included ;ia Which Are School
• Teachers, Civilian Employes and Officers- of All Branches
CROOK SAILS FOR PHILIPPINES
WITH BATTALION OF ELEVENTH
7
Steamer.
Destination.
lSalls.| Pier.
f i .
C. Xelson..
F.mplre. ... I
Pomona... :
- . - i
S. Barbara. |
North Fork !
Rival j
China.
G. Dollar..
Columbia..
Eureka.'...
State Gal. .
Santa Cruz.
Westport..
Phoenix...
Arctic
Ut-Eslo K. . .
/ .
/
Acme......
Argo..
Chehalis..;
Ukme
Pt. Arena. .
City Puebla
Santa Ana.
April 22.
Seattle & Tacoma..
Coos Bay
Humboldt ...'.
April 23. .
Seattle direct
Humboldt ;...
WiUapa Harbor....
China & Japan
Grays Harbor ....
Astoria & Portland
April 24.
Humboldt • . .
San Diego & Way..
Newport & Way Pts
April 25.
Bear' Harbor ......
Mendoclno City-....
Humboldt
Golofnln Bay-Teller
April 20.,
Sluslaw River
Eel Klver Ports....
Grays Harbor
Astoria & Portland.
Point Arena
Puset Sound Ports
Seattle & Tacoma..
April 27.
Coos Bay & Pt. Orfd
Humboldt
San Diego & Way..
j April 2M.
San Pedro & Way..
Astoria & Portland.
Panama & Way Pts
Grays Harbor
April 2O.
Grays Harbor .....
May 1. . ¦ !
Sydney & Way Pts
China & Japan — |
K. Y. via 'Panama.
Puget Sound- Ports
Portland & Way Pts
5 pm Pier 2
10 am Pier 13
1:30 p Pier 9
S pm Pier 2
0 am P!«r 2
4 pm Pier 2
1 pm PMSS
4 pm Pier 2
11 am Pier 24
9 am Pier 13
0 am Pier 11
0 ampler 11
5 pm Pier 2
3 pm Pier 13
10 am Pier i
Pier —
...... Pier 2
12 m Pier : 2
4 pm Pier —
10 am Pier 2
2 pm Pier 2
11 am Pier n
4 pm Pier 8
10 am Pier 13
1:30 p Pier !)
0 am Pier 11
0 am Pier 11
11 am Pier 24
12 m PMSS
5 pm Pier S
6 pm Pier 2
10 am Pier 7
1 pm PMSS
2 pm Pier 10
11 amj Pier 9
9'am|Pier IB
Arcata
Pomona....
Santa Rosa
Coos Bay...
O. Elder. . .
San Juan..
Sequoia....
Newburg.. '
Soncma
Doric......
Argyll..'...
Queen. ....
Alliance...
Steamer.
For.
| Sails.
Al-Kl ........ Skagway & "Way Ports. | Apr. 23
Nome City... Nome direct ..(Apr. 21
Humboldt.... Skagway & Way Ports.|Apr. Jtt
Kxcelslor.... Cooks Inlet & Way PU.'Apr. 85
Portland. . . . . Nome direct | Apr. 20
Dlrlgo. Skaffway & Way Ports. Apr. 27
City Seattle.. Skagway & Way Ports. Apr. 29
Jeanie Nome direct (about).... Apr. 29
Cottaso City. Skagway & «\Voy Porto. | Apr. 30
Steamer. From. | Due.
Lakme Portland & Astoria Apr. 22
O. Dollar.... Grays Harbor Apr. ,22
Sonoma...... Sidney & Way Ports... Apr. 22
Edith Seattle Apr. 22
Tellus Oyster Harbor Apr. 22
Crescent City Crescent City Apr. 22
Arctic Humboldt '. Apr. 22
Eureka Humboldt •• Apr. 22
Bta. Barbara. Pan. Pedro. Apr. .22
Santa Ana... Seattle & Tacoma ...... Apr. 22
Asuncion.... Oyster Harbor Apr. 23
Phoenix..... Mrndoclno City ........ Apr. 23
San Juan.... Panama & Way Ports.. Apr. 23
Titanla Nanalmo Apr. 21
City of Puebl Puget Sound Ports Apr. 24
Argyll New York via Panama. Apr. 24
Spokane San Diego & Way Ports Apr. 24
Point Arena.. Point Arena Apr. 21
Coos Bay.... San Pedro & Way Ports. Apr. 25
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria.... Apr. 'M
Sequoia Grays Harbor...... Apr. 25
Arcata... Coos Bay & Pt. Or ford.. Apr. 25
Pomona Humboldt Apr. 25
AtKO. Eel River Ports........ Apr. 23
Prosreso Seattle Apr. 2«
Chehalis? San Pedro Apr. 20
Newburg.... Grays Harbor Apr. 20
Australia Tahiti ' Apr. 20
Curacao Mexican Ports. Apr. 27
Queen Puget Sound Forts...... Apr. 27
O. Llndauer. . Grays Harbor Apr. 27
Stato of Cal.. San Diego & Way Pts.. Apr. 2S
North Fork.. Humboldt Apr. 28
Arab Hongkong via Hakodate Apr. 28
Santa Cruz... Newport & Way Ports.. Apr. 20
San Jose Panama & Way Ports.. I Apr. "-it
It* Inter. Seattle & New Whatcom Apr. 29
Columbia.... Portland & Astoria ....JApr. 30
Steamer.
iur
iur
Id
!2
!3
, rises
. sets
m ris«
Time
LiW
5:16
5:55
H W
0:03
0:30
0:58
1:20
2:00
2:48
is...
«.
—
0.5
0.2
Time
iTw
12:05
12:52
L W
6:35
7:13
7:53
8:30
0:20
|10:li)
23
4.6
Time
L~W
5:10
5:44
H W
1:30
2:25
3:17
4:091
4:571
5:4r.
«.:
2.2
2.5
0:00 'i
Tim*
11 :34
FU|
¦: s.4
.5;25
.0:01
?.¦ m.
!4
•5
:«
!7
5.3
5.1
g 4.3
. 4.0!
4.4
4.2
0.2
0.3
0.4
0.5
\0.7
.- 0.9!
4.4
4.3
4.2
4.2
4.2
4.3
L W
6:19
c:r.r>
7:36
8:30
0:37
|10:C2
2.8
2.0
: a.o
so
3.1
¦. «>.2
Steamer.
Destination.
lSalls.| Pier.
f i .
C. Xelson..
F.mplre. ... I
Pomona... :
- . - i
S. Barbara. |
North Fork !
Rival j
China.
G. Dollar..
Columbia..
Eureka.'...
State Gal. .
Santa Cruz.
Westport..
Phoenix...
Arctic
Ut-Eslo K. . .
/ .
/
Acme......
Argo..
Chehalis..;
Ukme
Pt. Arena. .
City Puebla
Santa Ana.
April 22.
Seattle & Tacoma..
Coos Bay
Humboldt ...'.
April 23. .
Seattle direct
Humboldt ;...
WiUapa Harbor....
China & Japan
Grays Harbor ....
Astoria & Portland
April 24.
Humboldt • . .
San Diego & Way..
Newport & Way Pts
April 25.
Bear' Harbor ......
Mendoclno City-....
Humboldt
Golofnln Bay-Teller
April 20.,
Sluslaw River
Eel Klver Ports....
Grays Harbor
Astoria & Portland.
Point Arena
Puset Sound Ports
Seattle & Tacoma..
April 27.
Coos Bay & Pt. Orfd
Humboldt
San Diego & Way..
j April 2M.
San Pedro & Way..
Astoria & Portland.
Panama & Way Pts
Grays Harbor
April 2O.
Grays Harbor .....
May 1. . ¦ !
Sydney & Way Pts
China & Japan — |
K. Y. via 'Panama.
Puget Sound- Ports
Portland & Way Pts
5 pm Pier 2
10 am Pier 13
1:30 p Pier 9
S pm Pier 2
0 am P!«r 2
4 pm Pier 2
1 pm PMSS
4 pm Pier 2
11 am Pier 24
9 am Pier 13
0 am Pier 11
0 ampler 11
5 pm Pier 2
3 pm Pier 13
10 am Pier i
Pier —
...... Pier 2
12 m Pier : 2
4 pm Pier —
10 am Pier 2
2 pm Pier 2
11 am Pier n
4 pm Pier 8
10 am Pier 13
1:30 p Pier !)
0 am Pier 11
0 am Pier 11
11 am Pier 24
12 m PMSS
5 pm Pier S
6 pm Pier 2
10 am Pier 7
1 pm PMSS
2 pm Pier 10
11 amj Pier 9
9'am|Pier IB
Arcata
Pomona....
Santa Rosa
Coos Bay...
O. Elder. . .
San Juan..
Sequoia....
Newburg.. '
Soncma
Doric......
Argyll..'...
Queen. ....
Alliance...
iur
iur
Id
!2
!3
, rises
. sets
m ris«
Time
LiW
5:16
5:55
H W
0:03
0:30
0:58
1:20
2:00
2:48
is...
«.
—
0.5
0.2
Time
iTw
12:05
12:52
L W
6:35
7:13
7:53
8:30
0:20
|10:li)
23
4.6
Time
L~W
5:10
5:44
H W
1:30
2:25
3:17
4:091
4:571
5:4r.
«.:
2.2
2.5
0:00 'i
Tim*
11 :34
FU|
¦: s.4
.5;25
.0:01
?.¦ m.
!4
•5
:«
!7
5.3
5.1
g 4.3
. 4.0!
4.4
4.2
0.2
0.3
0.4
0.5
\0.7
.- 0.9!
4.4
4.3
4.2
4.2
4.2
4.3
L W
6:19
c:r.r>
7:36
8:30
0:37
|10:C2
2.8
2.0
: a.o
so
3.1
¦. «>.2
Steamer.
For.
| Sails.
Al-Kl ........ Skagway & "Way Ports. | Apr. 23
Nome City... Nome direct ..(Apr. 21
Humboldt.... Skagway & Way Ports.|Apr. Jtt
Kxcelslor.... Cooks Inlet & Way PU.'Apr. 85
Portland. . . . . Nome direct | Apr. 20
Dlrlgo. Skaffway & Way Ports. Apr. 27
City Seattle.. Skagway & Way Ports. Apr. 29
Jeanie Nome direct (about).... Apr. 29
Cottaso City. Skagway & «\Voy Porto. | Apr. 30
Steamer. From. | Due.
Lakme Portland & Astoria Apr. 22
O. Dollar.... Grays Harbor Apr. ,22
Sonoma...... Sidney & Way Ports... Apr. 22
Edith Seattle Apr. 22
Tellus Oyster Harbor Apr. 22
Crescent City Crescent City Apr. 22
Arctic Humboldt '. Apr. 22
Eureka Humboldt •• Apr. 22
Bta. Barbara. Pan. Pedro. Apr. .22
Santa Ana... Seattle & Tacoma ...... Apr. 22
Asuncion.... Oyster Harbor Apr. 23
Phoenix..... Mrndoclno City ........ Apr. 23
San Juan.... Panama & Way Ports.. Apr. 23
Titanla Nanalmo Apr. 21
City of Puebl Puget Sound Ports Apr. 24
Argyll New York via Panama. Apr. 24
Spokane San Diego & Way Ports Apr. 24
Point Arena.. Point Arena Apr. 21
Coos Bay.... San Pedro & Way Ports. Apr. 25
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria.... Apr. 'M
Sequoia Grays Harbor...... Apr. 25
Arcata... Coos Bay & Pt. Or ford.. Apr. 25
Pomona Humboldt Apr. 25
AtKO. Eel River Ports........ Apr. 23
Prosreso Seattle Apr. 2«
Chehalis? San Pedro Apr. 20
Newburg.... Grays Harbor Apr. 20
Australia Tahiti ' Apr. 20
Curacao Mexican Ports. Apr. 27
Queen Puget Sound Forts...... Apr. 27
O. Llndauer. . Grays Harbor Apr. 27
Stato of Cal.. San Diego & Way Pts.. Apr. 2S
North Fork.. Humboldt Apr. 28
Arab Hongkong via Hakodate Apr. 28
Santa Cruz... Newport & Way Ports.. Apr. 20
San Jose Panama & Way Ports.. I Apr. "-it
It* Inter. Seattle & New Whatcom Apr. 29
Columbia.... Portland & Astoria ....JApr. 30
Steamer.
_ ¦ ;
A FREE RIDE
TO
PATTOSIEN'S
Big Furniture Exposition Building,
COD. 16th AND MISSION STREETS.
Our automobiles and private
carriages are at the disposal of in-
tending purchasers during the strike.
Telephone Exchange 604.
¦ ¦. k.
Carpels, Furniture, Draperies, Wood Mantels.
NEW AD VERTISEMESTTS.
AMUSEMENTS.
COLUIwllllA LEADina THUTBi
Powell st. near Market
Last 5 Nights— Matinee Saturday.
mrc. e. s. u/illard.
TO-NIGHT. Wednesday and Thursday Nights,
TOM PINCH Carles Dickens.
Friday Night and Saturday Matinee.
DAVID GftRRlCK.
Saturday Night, J. M. Barrle's Comedy.
••THE- PROFESSOR'S LOVE STORY."
BEGINNING NEXT MONDAY.
MR N. C. MISS MAXINE
GOODWIN ELLIOTT
In "WHEN WE WERE TWENTY-ONE."
. SEATS READY THURSDAY. ' ¦
PHICES ?2. <1 50. V> 75c . 60c » 25c
— THE SAME TRUTHFUL STORY —
A CHARMING PERFORMANCE
— ALL THIS WEEK —
MATINEE SATURDAY
I .- SPECIAL MATINEE. THURSDAY. J
MR. JAMES NEILL'
and the Neill Company.
Presenting the Highly Successful Quaint
- Comedy Drama.
CAPTAIN LETTARBLAIR.
SEATS READY.
NEXT SUNDAY EVENING — First Tim* In
This City,
• "THE STARBUCKS."
SEATS THURSDAY.
i SPECIAL MATINEE THURSDAY.
USUAL MATINEES SATURDAY AND STUJ-
• DAY. • • - ¦ t - '
.Greatest Bill Ever Offered.
1 FAREWELL WEEK OF
MELBOURNE MACOOWELL,
'*. - Supported by FLORENCE 1 STONE.
In a Grand Sardou Revival.
TO-NIGHT— LAST TIME OF
••THE EMPRESS THEODOBA."
To-morrow Evening — "FEDORA."
Thursday Mat. and Thursday Eve. — "GIS-
MONDA."
Friday and Saturday Eve. and Sat. Mat. —
"CLEOPATRA."
Sunday Mat. and Sunday . Eve.— "LA
TOSCA." v
Same Popular Prices.... 10c, 15c, 25c, 50c, 75c
NEXT WEEK... EDWARD HARRIGAN
*TJ VOL I*
. — ... -<$&|
EVENINGS AT 8 SHARP.
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 SHARP.
• THEY CANT. STOP US
COMING NOW IN CARRIAGES TO SEE
THE FORTUNE
TELLER.
IT IS FOR ENJOYMENT.
POPULAR PRICES — 25c, 50c. 75c
' Telephone Bush 9.
| FISCHER'S THEATER
O'Farrell. bet. Stockton and Powell sta.
Telephone - Main 231.
|pstrlke i | No
or. : I Strike.
"FIDDLE DEE DEE"
Draws people for miles, and they gladly walk.
LastniRht's' house, beginning of the 3d week.
the;b%?est of them all. ;
The new features were all hit of hits..
KEMEMBER THE POPULAR PRICES.
And ' the Sat. and ' Sun. Matures.
A. special dispatch from Boston, May 5,
1900, to the Jlew York Sun gives as new
regulations of the Boston Board of
Health as to barber shops: "Mugs, shav-
ing brushes and razors shall be sterilized
after eacb separate use thereof. A sepa-
rate clean towel shall )be used for each
person. Material to stop the flow of blood
»shall be used only' in powdered . form and
applied on. a towel. Powder puffs are pro-
hibited.".- Wherever Newbro's "Herplcide"
is used for face or scalp after shaving or
haircuttlng there is no danger, as it Is
antiseptic and kills the dandruff germ.
Board of Health Orders Sterilization
of All That Barbers Use on Customers
BOSTO1TS BARBER REGTTLATIONS
For Stomach Disorders' '
Cout and Dyspepsia
Best NATURAL Alkaline) Watcr>*
220 BROADW AT, N. T. - (
$ ..iRATENTSf f|
:^8bbPSj market st! s.f
PHflT HFiTTflN^ of yoUr « we eth e art. rela-
rilUl .;.; DUl lun J tlve or friends. Mads
from . any ; photograph. , '. We • return photograph
unharmed and - guarantee .all work. Agents
wanted. Catalogue and circulars free. Samni»
buttons, 10c.\ J. L. BUSH, Etna, Cal.
Established 1823.
WILSON
WHISKEY
SAK13 JOSEPH. Representative, 100 Battery Street. San Francisco
AMUSEMENTS.
• fashionablTvaudevillei
Milton and Dollie Nobles; Wilton
Brothers; Knight Brothers; Su3ie
Fisher; Sam, Kittle and Clara
Morton; Fony Ballet; Banks and
Winona Winter, and the Fetching
Brothers.
DON'T MISS -_:*-
THE BIO GRAPH,
SHOWING A TBIF TO THE Y0-
SEMITE -iND FRINCE HENBY
. AT WEST FOINT.
fleserved Seats. 25c Ba;lcony, 10c: Openh
Chairs and Box Seats, BOc. -
BELASCO AMoYrsAirSsMfSgiz
TO-NIGHT— AXX. THIS T7EEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAT.
Tha Powerful Melodrama. , -
A CHILD OF
FORTUNE.
Rich in Emotional Scenes and Bubbling Ovar
With Rollicking Humor.
DDirrc Evenings 10c to BOo
InlCEj MaUnees 10c. 15c. 2So
Next •Week— "SLAVES OF THE ORIENT."
tt&c<y p^ sjftY?
ffLVNMATR €>K >
Belasco & Thall. Managers.
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK. " . " t ;
MATINEE 8ATURDAY & SUNDAT. ?
Sydney Rosenfeld's Beautiful Comedy. -;
THE TWC
ESCUTCHEONS.
The Richest Kind of High Class Comedy.
SPARKLJNG WIT* WIT. . i • '
BRIMFUL OF HUMOR. ,
PRICES. 15c. 25c. 33c. 80c. TV .,
gUil^ RACING
Every Week Day—
far Rain or Shine.
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
. Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp. -
Ferry-beat leaves San Francisco at 12 m. and
12:30, 1, 1:30, 2, 2:30 and 3 p. m., connectlnj
with trains stopping at the entrance to th*
track. ' Last two cars en train reserved for
ladles and their escorts; no smoking. Buy you*
lerry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains via
Oakland mole, connect with San Pablo avenud
electric cars at Seventh, and Broadway,- Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alameda mole con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth .
and Broadway, Oakland. These electric can
go direct to the track In fifteen minutes.
Returning — Trains leave the track at 4:14 '
and 1:45 p. m. and Immediately after tha last
r * C8 THOMA3 H. WILLIAMS JR.. President. ¦
CHARLES F. PRICE. Secy, and Mgr. v
PqiopA Desirable location,
lulUvV unsurpassed cuisine,
unequaled ser-
Qtlt\~ yice aQ d modem
UilU conveniences are the
' attributes 'that have
(Z «>of1/f made these two ho-
111 Ull U tels popular with
tourists and ,, travel-
Hnfnie ers who tiiit Sair
UUlClj Francisco.
' " : JiiiS • * ¦"© . ''tV-©8LK» and the
r^pf Convalescent
|, jaa find a positive and rapid restorative in
Hsfll anheuser-busch'S
fflBSiir : '~ -'^lilHilHPfHP must not be Judged by the same stand*
SB^^fl^WffiHPil^M »-* as alcoholic beverages with "tonic'*
P_fffi^ft5?T^Tfff^|^ titles, fdalt-fitttrine has 14.603 of genuine
iw^^^^f^^^SJ nutritive extract and less than 2% of alcohol.
fm^^^^J^^^^I Is absolutely a non»intoxicant and posi»
P^JTahon iNmSiSvirr \fl-\ * ivcl y strengthening and invigorating.
I**Lc& p^*3^.«^|i Doctors prescribe it.
g^J2S!^MS5l^jJ| All druggists sell it. Prepared enlp bp
Anheuser-Busch Brewing Ass'n
B8P'iilil^^^^5n^B™Bi UrtWers of tf>* famous Budweiser, Michelob.
f Black 6 Tan. Faust. Pale-Lager. Anheuitr*
B **ffifBiir.Ti i riinf-**^ ' Standard. Export Pale and Exquisite.
MISCELLANEOUS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.Committed to TJkiah. Asylum.
Samuel H. Perkins, storekeeper on
ward the steamer Gaelic, was committed
o the Ukiah Insane Asylum yesterday.
!he complaining witness was the afflicted
aan's mother, who resides at 1815 Sutter
treet. It is thought that a little quiet
aid proper treatment will restore Perkins
o a rational condition again.
Levi Strauss & Co. are erecting a very
large and expensive building on Battery
street, between Market and Pine.
The .brokers report that the> entire
change of ownership and building im
provements will Involve, approximately,
the sum of $300,000. The new struqture to
be erected will be occupied by Payot, Up
ham & Co. •
The property at the northeast corner
of Pine and Battery streets, 91:8 feet on
Battery street and 87:6 on Pine street,
has been sold by Joseph Brandenstein
and others, through the agency of A.
J. Rich & Co. to Payot, Upham & Co.,
for about $150,000. The old brick build
ing on the site, which pays an annual
income of $10,000 in rentals, will be torn
down, and will be replaced by. an ele
gant modern structure.
Payot, TJpham & Co. Buy Battery-
Street Corner and Will Im
prove It.
LAEGE EEALTY DEAI. IS
MADE NOETH OP MARKET
Concerning the St. Louis Exposition Mr.
Barrett said that It would surpass the Co
lumbian and also the Paris Exposition.
When the gates open the sum of $25,000,000
will have been expended. The Chamber
of Commerce extended a vote of thanks
for the Information given. I
"Japan," said Mr. Barrett, "is the
Great Britain of the Far Bast. She has
an immense population in" a small area.
Like Great Britain she must make vast
demands for our raw products, such as
breadstuff s, of which the Pacific. Coast
can provide the largest portion. The fact
that Japan has 40,000,000 people accessible
to foreign trade, whose buying and selling
capacity is growing rapidly, and that she
has developed her foreign commercial ex
change from $30,000,000 to $300,000,000 in
thirty years was quoted.
A mistake made now will cost Calif or*
nia, Oregon and Washington millions of
dollars. This remark was called fori~ by
tne consideration of the placing of a
high duty in China \ upon the Pacific
Coast products, like flour. While much Is
said about China, Mr. Barrett said that
not enough attention is paid to Japan,
which offers greater opportunities in the
immediate future than does China for the
development of American . trade. It will
be twenty-five years, so said the speaker,
before China will stand, commercially,
where Japan stands to-day.
Commissioner General Barrett of the
St. Louis Exposition addressed the Cham
ber of Commerce yesterday afternoon on
the subject of the exposition and the in
terest that the Pacific Coast- has in the
big show. He said that this is a most
critical^tlme for California and the en
tire country In the development of trans
pacific commerce. The efforts of Liuro
pean nations are being put forth to close
the doors against the products of ihe
United States. Competition and dlscrlm
Ination are *theii" chief weapons.' Unless
the Government and the exporters of the
United States guard the situation care
fully the Pacific Coast will fail to realize
its expectations in the Orient.
Ida M. Trephagen filed a suit for di
<orce against W. A. Treph^feen yester
jB.y, alleging cruelty. i
Thomas J. Atkinson is suing Alice I.
Itklnson for divorce for desertion. • He
ileges -that his wife deserted him in No
•ember, 1900, two years after their inar
ia ge. \
• A suit for divorce from William K.
'erry was filed by Eleanor Perry yes-
Erday. Desertion and failure to provide
re complained of by Mrs. Perry. 'They
rere married in 1SS9.
Mary Hayes is suing Henry T. Tlayes
or divorce for desertion.
Judge Hebbard- granted Li die C. Kel
v a divorce from George L. Kelly on
he ground of neglect.
Martin Fay, a horseshoer, was sent to
he County Jail for five days by Judge
'routt yesterday for contempt of court.
Ie failed to pay Julie Fay. who secured
. divorce from him several months ago,
he alimony ordered by the court. "
Mary Ann Cook Is suing her husband,
William Cook, who is employed at the
lall of Justice at a salary of $75 a
aonth, for support. According to Mrs
book's complant, Cook contributed only
K 50 for her support during the year
7j\. fc *
Trephagen Is Cruel.
Cuilinan charges also that she brought
l suit for divorce simply to cause him
rouble and to humiliate his relatives,
ie alleges, still further, that she made
I jx agreement with him to waive all
iaims against him for alimony.
\\\ M. Woolridge is suing Louise M>
Voolridge tor uivorce on the ground
1 crueliy. He alleges that she has made
•is life miserable by her irascible. Quar
elsome disposition and fault-finding
aanner. He charges that she onc<i
hreatened to "cut his heart out" be
2use he could not supply her with means
o dress her as she wanted to be dressed.
Sophie Mary Schmalholz is suing The
<iore Schmalholz for divorce on the
• round of failure to provide. She asks
or $15 a month alimony. They were mar
ied in May, 1893.
"Would Humiliate Eelatives.
fose in December. 1900, filed an- answer
-nd cross-complaint yesterday. He
rtrongly denies his wife's charges of
.ruelty, and prefers counter charges of
\he same nature. He alleges that she
requently left him for days at a time,
tnd also that she cajised him great an
;uish by calling him vile names. He al
flleges, further - that she came to the
heater where he is employed in a rlot
.us state of intoxication and raised a dis
urbance, which greatly humiliated him.
¦William G. Callinan, leader of the Co
umbia Theater orchestra, who is Jieing
Med for divorce by Gertrude E. f Cal
inan, to whom lie was married at San
Struck or Abused
His Wife.
Olaims That He Never
Japan Is "Great Britain
of the Far East,"
Says Orator.
CALLINAN MAKES
STRONG DENIAL
BARRETT TELLS
OF THE ORIENT
Howard-Street Wharf .No. 2 Succurribs to the- Ravages of Neglect
and Parasites and Causes the Destruction of Over $25,000
Worth of^ Private Property; Which Includes 1 600 Tons_ of Fuel
COLLAPSE OF TEREDO-EATEN DOCK
THROWS COAL BUNKERS INTO BAY
THE SAN FBANGISCO CALL, TT7ESD AY, v APBUi 22, 1902.
- George Lawrence, .alias , "Dandy Pat," a
well-known, bunko man, '; was .arrested
yesterday, morning by "Detectives Crockett
and . Dillon and Policeman \. Sylvester and
booked at the City Prison, on; a charge-of
grand larceny.,: He is accused ,' of ibelng
one of the- men 1 : who picked; up -Thomas
Myrick, a visitor from i. Kansas, a week
ago and took him to Golden Gate ; Park,
where,; by;: means of tho« lock trick, they
beat him - out - of r $125r , Myrick - positively
identified' Lawrence in the QJty ; Prison.'
Victim of the Lock Trick;
The case of Horace H. Heyer, .charged
with an assault with a deadly weapon for
firing a shot at his wife In^their flat, 1116
Fell street, last Tuesday, night,; was called
in Judge Mogan's, court yesterday. ;Po
liceman C. B. Harris testified, that he had
made every search for W.'W. Wooldridge
and Miss Emmie ; Fields, who ' were f sub
penaed as witnesses, ' but* had failed to
find either of them. Wooldridge had re
signed his position •¦¦ in " a cigar ¦ store ' on
Montgomery street and ¦ had ¦ disappeared.
Miss Fields, who was also known as Mrs.
Wooldridge, I was ¦ not to be ; found at 1162
Broadway, Alameda, and Harris had been
informed that she had also disappeared.;.
, ¦ The Judge' said . he was i satisfied i from
fthe ¦ testimony., given by Mrs. . Heyer. Fri
day that it : would be useless s to hold the
defendant to answer . before the 'Superior
nesses - for the Prose-
V '/{¦ ' ' cution. ]
Police Fail to Find Two, of the ; WiU
HEYER. ASSAULT CASE
THROWH" OF COITRT
Chinatown Guide in Trouble. *
--Patrick Griffin,' a well known Chinatown
guide, .was j arrested ( Sunday : by Detective
Harry Reynolds ; and booked at the City
Prison' yesterday on'a charge of grand
larceny. He met Milton Smith, a former
soldier, . Sunday and they had k numerous
drinks in a . saloon at - 805 Kearny f, street
with other soldiers. : Smith had about ?10O
in gold in his pockets and would occa
sionally' throw' it on :the" counter in a
boastful manner. It gradually disap
peared, and one of the other soldiers ob
served Griffin drop a $20 gold piece on the
floor. 'stoop and/ plck::it* ' up : and- hand
Smith < a •: silver dollar '- instead. When
searched Griffin had $67 in his pockets. ,
Frank Spellman, Albert McDonald, -Harry.
Allen, Theo. Devine, Robert Jones,; WUUaro
Taylor, John Cannon, J. Murphy, Joseph
Woods. Charles Walsh, John Long, ..August
Loftus, Frank Koopman, \Wraig Craff,- Reuben
Levy, Thomas McTernan, Albert Ahl born/. Jo
seph Aspden. Percy Creede, ' E. R. /Dougherty,
Thomas ¦ Duffy, . Henry Darr, Hans . Eskersen,
William Farrell, John Flguera,' James 1« ay.
William • Higgins. J. Harders,. Robert Harris^
George Kamps. William Kinif. J. W. Kentzell,
E. L. . Klngsley, W. . J. Wren, James Tuite,
Harry Tricou, Wiliram ' St. Amant, August
StofTer, Robert Strahle, George Symon, Patrick
O'Donnell, E. O'Malley and R.- T.^Montague.
The Fire Commissioners, at. a' meeting
held yesterday morning/ appointed the
following from the: list \ of eligibles who
lately took their, examination _ before the
Civil Service Examiners: .•'-:: ..;¦••?';
Additional Eiremen Appointed.
No date was fixed for - the event at the
conference. A committee was appoint
ed to confer with President Harriman to
find out what date, would best? suit his
convenience. The idea was developed that
the guests would number about -450. Ban
quets by the commercial bodies singly
are an annual occurrence, but the co
operation of- them all is unusual.
President Harriman of. the Central Pa
cific and Union Pacific v railways will be>
tendered a banquet by the* commercial
bodies of San Francisco." This was de
termined upon at a conference that took
place between the presidents ofr " the ; re
spective bodies at the rooms of the Chnm
ber of Commerce yesterday. Inquiry has
been made, - and it has, been v ascertained
that the necessary accommodations at
the Palace Hotel. can be secured.
Upon Head of Two Great
Railvmys.
Local Bodies Unite to Confer Honor
coioomcriAi. men- g tendeb ~.
BANQUET TO HABBIMAN
To Present "A Noble Outcast.?'
. A theatrical performance and ball will
be given by the 'ladles' sectiprtpfthe Mis
"sion Tiarn' Verein at : their hall;Eighteenth
and Lapidge '^streets; ! next Sunday even
ing. The ' ne-w dramatic society, under
the direction, of. TViUJam Sass,: stage man
ager, will . present; ''A .Noble Outcast," a
comedy -drama -in 1 four acts. ' -The drama
is one of intense human interests and the
cast'is prepared to. give -'an /excellent ren
ditionof it.- - ' , .
I The trial of the suit -of Marie Horst
meyer against H.'F. Suhr & Co., under
takers, and her two stepsons, William
a nd - , Frederick | Horstmeyer, for $10,000
damages, was commenced in Judge
Hunt's court yesterday. Mrs. > Horst
meyer, accuses the defendants of cre
mating the remains of her late husband,"
William Horstmeyer, without notifying
her. or ,. of, giving- her'an opportunity, to
dispose of the body as she saw fit. She
testified yesterday, that Horstmeyer. had
been at the German Hospital for two
days before she knew of 1 it, and • said
that for a week afterward she was not
allowed ' to see him. She said that . when
her husband died she made a demand
upon the . undertakers, for. the body; and
was refused. ; : - ¦ -
Objects to t Cremation.
¦ E; H. Harriman, John G. Alexandre, W. • H.
Avery, William Berg, A. Bouvler. J.»W. Byrne,
AJ Center, A. Chesebrough, H. IV Creswell./H.
J. Crocker,- William H. Crocker, C. ' L.. Fair,
J. A. Folger, A. W. Foster. J. D. Grant, Wil
liam F. Herrin. E. W. Hopkins, Charles "W.
Howard, H. E. Huntington, William G. Irwln,
Homer S. King, J. Kruttschnltt, R.-H. Lloyd,
C. G. Lyman, J. W.Mackay, D. T. Murphy, S.
G. Murphy. E. O. McCormick, H. Mayo; New
hall Captain A. H. Payson, W. M. Pierson, E.
S. Pillsbury, H. G. Platt, E. F. Preston, J..M.
Quay," James W. Reid, Whltelaw Reid, R. P.
Rithet, H. T. Scott. I. M. Scott. J. D. Spreck
els, William Sproule, J. C. Stubbs, William S.
Tevls, F. R. Webster, M. S. Wilson. C. • R.
Wlnslow, William S. Wood, George Dearborn,
Henry A. Jerome, Thomas McCaleb, F. J. Car
olan, Charles A. Grow, R. H. Sprague, George
A. Newhall, C. A. Peabody, John W. Anchln
closs. Redmond Cross, Charles 3. Wheeler and
Herman Oelrichs. . - - ' .
The tables were splendid examples of
the decorator's art. They presented a
handsome appearance. Cut flowers and
greens were used In profusion. ¦ Palms
dotted the banquet hall and myriads of;
electric lights added to the .magnificence
of the feast. 'An' orchestra • hidden , from
View discoursed popular mpsic.The menu
was prepared by the club's chef, who is
conceded to be one, of the best In the
country. . .
Speeches were delivered by the host,
President Harriman and others. Seated at
the banquet board were the following
named: -. ... . •
E. H. Harriman, president of the South
ern Pacific Railroad Company, .was, ten
dered a banquet last night at the Pacific
Union Club l>y Herman Oelrichs. More
than sixty of the most prominent busi
ness and professional men of • this city
sat at the banquet board.
David -Becker j and ' John F. ' Crowley
were appointed a- committee ' on creden
tials. In ¦ the ; evening the delegates at
tended the.Orpheumi This morning. they
wilt.- journey,.to. the Cliff House ! arid ban
quqt. In the evening officers for the en
suing-term will be elected. Jerome Bas
slty is the leading candidate for the of
fice, of valiant commander. General Last
has .signified his . intention : not to run
again, and Bassity -¦ is conceded the of
fice. Frapk.Rooney and 'R. A: Fitzgerald
of Sacramento are leading- candidates for
the office of recorder. - • • • . . . >^
The Knights of the Royal Arch of this
city, and vicinity ; met in convention in
B'nai B'rith Hall . yesterday. The dele
gates filled the- hall, and the opening ses
sion'was full pf animation. Jerome Bas
s'ty, president of San Francisco '• Lodge
No. 2, called . the -members to order and
introduced Mayor j Schmitz, who delivered
a short address of 'welcome. The chief
executive; of the municipal government
was accorded a hearty reception. V . -; '
At the conclusion of his remarks Pres
ident Basslty also spoke a few words of
greeting to the assembled delegates. Gen
eral C. F. -A. La^tof Los Ahgeles, v val
iiant commander of, the. order,;. was 'given
an ovation when brought before the.con
vention, i The speaker discussed 'the splen
did development of the . organization, and
told.of the-good it had done sjnee it was
instituted.^ General Last was elected
temporary chairman. "¦' ;
. A jury was secured in Judge Cook's
court yesterday to try. the case of John
T. Rlley, charged with the murder of
Otto Ekbert, and the taking of testimony
will commence this' morning.. . The Jury
is composed > of. T.Frahm, J. H. Dooley,
Andrew Jackson, H. TV Gibbs, E. Rab
john, Henry. Harms, F. W. Kampe, J. W.
Tamm, George W. Wright, W. S. Love
joy, and: Philip Herlman. ...
Ekbert was' a non-union teamster, and
on the. evening of November 9, while
walking along Townsend street, between
Third and Fourth, from the barn, after
stabling his team, he was struck on the
head with a heavy piece of iron pipe used
by teamsters and killed. It was raining
at the : time, and Mrs. Alma Miller, who
lives in the neighborhood, happened to be
passing. Raising her umbrella, she saw
the ; man who struck the fatal blow. She
identified Riley as the man after his ar
rest by Detective 1\, B. Gibson.
Ekbert, a Non-Union
Teamster.
iDefendant Is Accused of Killing Otto
JTJBY IS SECTJBED IN
; RXLEY MURDER CASE
Railroad President Is
Honored by Hermann ;
Oelrichs.
Knights of Royal Arch
Holding Important
Sessions.
LIQUOR DEALERS
IN CONVENTION
Court. She had been a very unwilling
witness and, to say the least, had acted
very strangely, not even admitting, that
she had seen a revolver in her husband's
possession. The court dismissed the case.
Action ! may r be •; taken -against : Emmie
Fields, as Bhe qualified 'tin. a bond for
Heyers release * on the property at 1162
Broadway, 'Alameda, which she swore she
owned, but does not.- Her name is also
Louisa Fields, and not Emmie. The bond
was put. aside by Judge Mogan, and Mrs.
Heyer desposited $1000 for her husbands
release. ..-
GIVES BANQUET
TO HARRIMAN
HOWARD-STREET wharf No. 2
collapsed during the early hours
or yesterday morning and pre
cipitated into the bay the Beaver
Hill coal bunkers and. ajxmt 1600
tons of coal. The bunkers were complete
ly wrecked and private property valued
at more than $25,000 was dumped into the
bay as the result of the accident. ¦_¦
The bunkers were the property or J.
D. Spreckels & Bros.* Company and the
' coal was owned by W. G. Stafford & Co.
The bunkers were built about six years
ago at an expense of over $16,000 and were
thoroughly overhauled , and renewed
where necessary less than a year ago.
The wharf was a teredo-eaten structure
of a dozen summers and that its rotten
condition was responsible for the acci
'dentsuch of -the remains as are still in
sight.bear convincing testimony.
The collapse occurred about A o clock
yesterday. morning. The berth alongside
the bunkers was vacant, the steamship
Czarina having hauled away on Satur
day morning. So far as can be ascer
tained at present, there was no loss of
The bunkers were not loaded to their
full capacity, about 200 tons having been
hauled away since the last ship, the
Czarina, finished unloading. W. G. Staf
ford & Co., the owners of the coal, say
the bunkers contained about 1600 tons of
coal at the time of the accident and that
the bunkers have been subjected many
times to a much greater strain. v "
The crumbled remains of the wharf tell
a plain tale- of the ravages, of time and
teredo and the Harbor Commissioners are
blamed for having neglected the Import
ant duty of inspecting this part of the
property under their care. Temporary re
pairs were under way on the side of the
wharf remote from the bunkers, but the
side supporting the heavy structure,
where the ravages of the teredo have long
been apparent to the most casual ob
server, has been left to take care of it
self. ¦ -..- . ¦ \ ,
The revenue cutter. Thetis struck the
end of the wharf last week and gave it
a violent Jar. There was quite a heavy
earthquake on Saturday morning. The"se
disturbances are thought to have com
pleted the work. of the teredo.
L. D.' Norton, chief engineer of the Har
bor Commission, -says- the accident was
the result of- overloading" the bunkers and
that in his opinion the bunkers and not
the wharf gave way. The appearance of
the debris does not bear out this theory,
however, but In any event an investiga
tion will be held. • ' .• _ ' >¦ .
PHOTOGRAPH OF THE RUINS OF ' THE i COAL .. BUNKER WHICH WAS
\ WRECKED BY THE COLLAPSE OF . HOWARD jWHARF NO. 2, THE AC
CIDENT BEING DUE TO THE GIVING WAY OF ROTTEN PILING.
I '/¦ - , ¦ ..-. ¦ : :- ¦ P= ¦¦¦¦¦¦: ¦ v ¦:•¦•.-.¦
8
Al TP nnif 1 I Corner Fourth and
Villl la MW illfc- Bc> Overcoats and
.- valises checked free.
AD VEBTISEMENTS.
• RAILWAY TBAVKL.
SOUTHERN PAfclFIC
Trains leave and are due to arrive at
hAN FRANCISCO.
(Mala Line. Toot of Mirfcct Street )
I.k*4b — Fbom Arms. 20. 1903. — amitb
7.00a Benlclm, SuUun, Elmlra and Sacra- ~*
memo 8-55r
7.00a VacaTlUe, Winteri, Runwey-. 7.55?
7.30a Martlnea, San R«mom, Vallejo,
Xapa. Callstog*. Sant» Rosa. B.25*
8.00a Davis. Woodland, KnlghU Liadlaf,
Mary»Tllle. prorfUe 7,85»
- 8 CO* Atlantic Expret*—Oeden and East. R25a
8.00a >'llea, L»throp. Stockton 725r
8.00a Xlles, Mendota, Haaforit Vlsalla.
Porterrino /. 4.55r
8- 30a. 8bast« Expre*« — D*t1s, Wllllami
(for Bartlett Springs), "WlUowt,
Red Blnfl, Portland 7-55?
840a Baa Jose, Livennore, Stockton,
• lone, Sacramento, PlacerrUle,
\ ; Maryivllle. Chlco. Red Bluff 4.257
8.30a Oakdale,ChiBese,Sonora,TnolomBe 425r
S.OOa Vallejo- 12.25r
.CO a Los Angeles Express — Martinez,
Tracy, Lathrop.Stockton.Merced.
Kaymond,Fresno and Los Angeles 8.25a
8-30a Vallejo, Martinez and Way Stations 7-55r
tiO.OOA Hayward. Niles and Way Statlons.f12.6Sr
10410a Tbe Overland Limited — Ogden,
Dearer, Omaha, Chicago. 525p
ti-OO? Sacramento River Steamer* tii-OOr
Z-OQr Bentcla, Winters, Sacramento,
- .- "Woodland, Knights Landing-,
. JIarysvllle, Orovllls 10.55a
S JOi* Hayward. >*ile sand VT*j St.Vtlor.s.. 7-55r
A.OQr Martlnez,SanRamon.VaUeJc,N.'ira,
CallstOKa, Santa Rosa, . 925*
4-OOr Klles. Uvermore. Stockton, Lt . 12.25r
4-30P Bayward,Nlles,SanJose.LtTerni.i:e t8.55A
430? The Owl Limited— Fresno. Tuiare,
Bakersfleld, Saagn» for Santa
•« Barbara, Los Angeles 8.55a
B-OOp PortCosta,Tracj,Lathrop,Stockton 10.25a
5.00f Martinez, Antloch, Stockton, Mer-
ced, Raymond, Fresno 12-25r
¦ t5.30* NUes Local 7.25a
8. OOP Hayward, Nlle» and San Jose 7.65a
tS.OOr Vallejo 11.25a
6.00r Oriental Mall— Ogden. Denyer.
Omaha, St. Louis. Chicago 4-25r
7-OQr San Pablo. Port Costa, Martinez
and Way Stations 11.25a
17.00r Vallejo 765r
S.06r Oregon * California Express— Sac-
ramento, MarysTille, Reddlnf.
- " Portland. Pnret Sonnd and East. 8.55a
ta.1QT Hayward and Nile* 111.65a
" COAST LINE <*arr»w Canre).
' (Foot of Market Street.)
t7-4SA Santa Cruz Excursion tS.O&r
8.15a Xewark, Centerrllle. San Jose,
Felton, Boulder Creek, Santa
Crni and Way Stations 5 50?
tZ.ISP Kewark, Centenrllle, San Jose,
New Almaden, Felton, Boulder
Creek. Santa Cruz and Principal
War Stations 1050a
4.1 Bp Newark, San Jose. Loa Gatos 1 8 - 50 a
M-ISr Ban Joge. Los Goto*. Santa Cruz... c8.60a
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAN >°BA>~ CISCO, Foot of Market St. ( Slip 8)
— f7:» 9:00 H:C0a.m. 1.00 3-00 6.1Srjf.
From OAKLAND, Foot of Broadway — +6:00 *3:0$
+8:05 10:00a.*. 1200 200 400 r.M.
= COAST LINE (Broad fiiutej.
(Third and Townsead Streets.)
6.10a San Jose and Way Stations 6.40a
+7-00a Saa Jose and Way Stations......... +8.00A
7.00*. New AlTnadea y4.10i»
17.15a Monterey Excursion i3.30p
8.00a Coast Line Limited — San Jose.
Gtlroy, Salinas, San Luis Oblspo,
Santa, Ttarbara. Los Angeles and
Principal Intermediate Stations. 10.45r
8-OOa San Jose, Tres Plaos, Santa Cruz,
-/'I--.- "j Pacific GroTe, Salinas, San Lais'
Pbiipo and Principal Intermedl-
» ate Stations 4.10r
10.30a San Jose and Way Stations......... 8.38a
11.30a Saa Jose and Way SUttons. 8.48a
a1.30r San Jose and Way Stations... a7.00r
+2.45r San Mateo. Redwood. Menlo Park.
Palo Alto, Santa Clara, San Jose,
•. O^ '"Ttci Finos, Santa Cruz. Sallnaa,
_ .. :.¦;' . Del Monte, Monterey and Pactfle
Grore t10.45*
330r SmJose. Del Monte. Pacific Grove,
Santa Cruz and Way Stations.... 7.30?
t4.15r 6anJotesndPrlnclpalWayStations 5.30p
tSCOr Ban Jose, Los Gatos and Principal
Way Stations. +900a "
5-30r San Jose and PrlnclpalWay8tatlons 8i30r
. 8.30? Saa Jose and Way SUtlons. 7.3Qr
7.00r New Orleans Express— San Lula
Oblspo, Santa Barbara. Los An-
' : geles, Demlnar. El Paso, Sew
.'¦'- - Orleans and East 1Q.30a
a11-45F San Jo«e sod Way Stations.... .... ¦
- A for Morning. . P for Alternooa.
t Sanday ezcepted. t Sunday only.
• Saturday only. c Monday only.
b Saturday and /Tuesday and Friday.
a jndiv only.
No other female medicine in the world has received such
widespread and unqualified endorsement. No other medicine
has such a record of cures of female troubles.
Those women who refuse to accept anything else are re-
warded a hundred thousand times, for they get what they want
—a cure* Sold by X>ruenris*« everwhere. !F>f n»«* »U STihsrtltqt^g.
Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound*
It will entirely cure the worst forms of Female Complaints, all Ova-
rian troubles, Inflammation and Ulceration, Falling and Displacement
of the "Womb, and 'consequent Spinal Weakness, and is peculiarly
adapted to the Change of Idfe.
It has cured more cases of Backache and Leucorrhcea than>any
other remedy the wqrld has ever known. It i3 almost infallible in such
cases. It dissolves and expsls tumors from the Uterus in an early staga
of development, and checks any tendency to cancerous humors.
.Irregular, Suppressed or Painful Menstruation, Weakness of the
Stomach, Indigestion, Bloating, Flooding, Nervous Prostration, Head-
ache, General Debility quickly yields to it.
/Womb troubles, causing pain, weight, and backache, instantly re-
lieved and parrfanently cured by its use. Under all circumstances it
acts in harmony with the laws that govern the female system, and is as
. harmless as water. ¦
It quickly removes that Bearingr-down Feeling, extreme lassi-
tude, " don't care " and " want-to-be-left-alone " feeling, excitability,
irritability, nervousness, Dizziness, Faintness, sleeplessness, flatulency,
melancholy or the "blues," and backache. These are sure indications
of Female Weakness, or some derangement of the Uterus, which this
medicine always cures.
Kidney Complaints and Backache of either sex the Vegetable
Compound always cures.
aDr. 6il)bpi^s Dispensary,
620 K E A Wtxit, ST. KVabllshed
in 1854 Xorllie treatment of I'rlvntf
PlwaReB,*f,iiMt jMHiiixtod. ¦¦ Debility or
dlseas" wenrlnRon linrty imd mlnil anil
Skin DIsenRes. The Doctoroures wlmi
others fail. Try -him.: i lmrgis low.
1'iir«*«Eiinrmilv<*<3«'.C:<'l or write.
Dr. J. t". CJIBUOA, Uan l-'runcisfc Cal. ,r
WOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leave Via Sausalito Ferry "Arrive
San Fran. Foot of Market St. San Fraiu-
*%1- ht », tt . -, MOT^L«r
-i&VuSfc "-.•?*•••— »-«-S*- gg*
" ¦¦¦ f«.S«n Fr»w!lir»tc Summit ul R**in», 11.30. '
Santa 'Fe
Tpains-Daiw '
'-'i Leave Market-street Ferry
i "T 1 * Local Lim'd uvrl'd Local
. ': ' Da!ly Dally Dally Dally
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a O:OOa 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:13 p
•• Merced.. 12:25 p l:17p 1 :SO a 0:11 p
"Fresno-. 2:05 p 2::« p :t:Ua lO.SOp
¦_" Hanford. 3:12 p 3:27 p 8:05 a ...... .•
'••• Vl!>aHa.. 3:30 p .:..... 5:00a. ..I...
.".Bakcrsfld C:15p 5:20 p 7:45 a
'¦•¦." Kan.City 2:40a 7:30 a .......
"Chicago :... 2:15p 8:00 p
a for morning, p for afternoon.
• U:CO a. >m.'. train is the California Lim-
ited, carrying Palace ¦ Sleeping Cars and
Dining Cars through to Chicago., Chair Car
'runs to Bakersfleld for accommodation of
local . fir!t-cla«s . passengers. No 1 , second-
class tickets are honored on this train; Cor-
responding train arrives at 7:05 a. m. dally.
4 :20 p. m. is Stockton, Merced and Fresno
local. Corresponding train arrives at 12:20
-p. in. dally.
s : -S p. ' m. is the Overland Express, with
. through Palace and - Tourist Sleepers and
Free' Ueclinlns. Chair Cars to Chicago: aiso
: Palace Sleeper. - which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrlvvs at U:0O p. m.
daily, •/^aawpv "ag"fiwBqaywMiwwaai
-:'7:2O a. m.. Is- Bakersfleld Local, stopping
latall jxJntH in, San Joaquln- Valley.
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally.
.¦ Offices — 641 • Market ' strct and ' In : Ferry ;
¦Depr.t. ', San. Francisco; 1112 'Broadway.
. Oakland.' ' " .' »
Via Sansallto ' Verryi
Commencing September 29, 1801.
FROM S.VN FRANCISCO TO MILL VA1XET
AND SAN RAFAEL.
"VVTEEIC DAYS— 6:55. 8:30, *»:30. 11:00 a. m..
•1:45, 3:15. 4:15. 5:15, »6:15. 6:45 d. m.
EXTRA a*KIPS— For Mill Valley and Sai
Rafael on Montlays, Wednesdays and Saturdays
at 9:30 and 11:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— *8:C0. 8:00. *10:00. »ll:30 a. m .
•1:15. 3:15. *4:45. 6:30. 0:30 p. m.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— *5:25. tt.27. 7:45, 8:33, 10: IS
a. m., *12:25; 2:15. •3:35. 4:40, 5:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, .Wednesday*
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 9:35 p. ra.
SUNDAYS— 0:15, »8:00. *10:00. «U:43 a. m.
•1:40, *3:15, 4:45. »6:3O p. m.
Trarns marked (•) start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
•,WEEK DAYS— 5:45. 6:45. 7:55. StSST 10-S«
a. m.. 12:35. 2:45. 3:50. 5:10 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday*
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS:
.6:55 a. .m. week . days— Cazadero and - way
station*.. ¦,••*•..
1:45 p. m. Saturdays — Duncan Mill* and war
, stations.
8:0O a. m. Sundays — Duncan Mills and war
stations. . •
Fairfax. Sundays — 8:00. 8:00. 10:00, 11*30
a. m. ¦ . . • .
Legal Holiday boats and trains will run oa
Sunday time. ' .
NORTIt PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
HAIL TO MEN!
fl. Even unto old age you may feel
jfetok, nf *^ c v^8f° f oi youth, with its light
IISO. // heart, clastic step, courage
t$?c$riJ£^-*e~-^7 !l<^^* <^ and tireless energy. You
>||r , " >/^^^ >^ may be free from pains and"
/fljil*! \ * '*£ aches and defy your'ycars.
fl^mr../ M There is a fountain "of perpetual youth, and you
fiEQew^Wteg have onlv to reach out your hand and take it.
BBgw£&£ft&gg ' You can drlnk of J t until your heart shouts with
Bffi §£&&&&* gladness, and with all your might you will pro-
mBS'asffi'ffivm, claim as other men have,
/Hm- Mm Am <x iYian!
//I Bm' yl }*M LIlte the i^ ants of old . y° u can be in your prime
tw* !m vM at 60 ~ Etron 5' vigorous and full of youthful en-
• Jl /^Irf E^ 1Ir> I - Kawnsley. Nez Perce. Ida., -writes Jan. 6.
ft '/MgSb T%L^ 1902: "I have worn your belt two months and It has
/ //CKSi W^35n»— completely cured me of rheumatism, from which I had
!/',/ XsCT— ?"* c "*?—^^ suffered for three years. I don't know how to thank you
/' u /®!&^"'*p£'i?i tOT ; Y. hat you have done for me - * or x foel Uke a new
-#-^Ja^H8R$*5=2^" lt cures Rheumatism, Lame Back, Sciatica, Lum-
**+^ bago,- Kidney and Stomach Troubles quickly.
Call and Bee It to-day, or send for free book about It.' I will send It
sealed if you send this ad. . . - - .
l\r M C Mrl niratllin 702 Market St., Cor. Kearny
1/1 a lilt Vi lllUl^dU^Illlll. (Lotta's Fountain). San Francisco
Office F<3urs*-3 A. M. to 8:30 P. M. • Sundays, 10 to L \ J
NEVER SOLD BY DRUG STORES OR AGENTS
RAILWAY TSAVEL.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RI. COl
LESSEES
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTf PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlbnron Fe.rry, Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS — 7:30. 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12:35,
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays-^xtra
trip at 11 :30 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trips
at 1:60 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30, 11:00 a. in.: 1:30, 8:30,
6:00, 6:20. p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS — 6:10, 7:60. 9:20. 11:10 «. m.;
12:45, 3:40. 6:15 p. m. Saturday*^— Extra.
trips at 1:55 and 6:35 p. m. > • -
SUNDAYS— 6:10. 9:4a 11:10 a, m.; 1:40, 3:40.
6:05,. 0:25 p. m. ,-.
Leave ' • I In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. I Apr. 28, 1901 [ San Francisco.
"Week I Sun- "I I Sun- I Week
Days." | days. | Destination | daya. | Days. - v
7 :30am I 8:00am Nrfvato. 10:40am 8:40am
3:30pm 9:30am Petaluma, '.. «:05pm 10:25am
5:10pm! 6:00pm Santa Rosa. 7:35pm 6:20pm
¦ . t .-."¦¦• Fulton, . ..
7:30am Windsor,, 10:23am
' 6:00pm Healdsburs, 10:40am
'' . - Lytton, . •
• ¦ : ,-Si '. Oeyservllle,
v 3:30pm 8:00am Cloverdale, 7:35pm 6:20pm
7:30am 6:00pm Hopland 10:40am 10:25am
3:30pm 8:00am and Uklah. 7:35pm 6:20pm
7 :30am - i ~" 3 10:40am 10:25am
8:00am Guemavllle. 7:35pm
3:30pm 5:00rm ' - • ' " 6:20pm
7:30am 8:0Cam Sonoma 9:15am 8:40am
¦ . . >•. .... . , •• ¦ and • - ¦ . ¦
6:10pm 6:00pm Glen Ellen. 6:05pm 6:20pm
T:30am| 8;00ain| ¦ •¦ ¦ |10:40am|10:25am
3:S0pm| 5:00pm| Sebastopol. f 7 :35pm |. 6:20pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark Weit
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altrurla; at Lytton «or Lytton Springs; at
GeyservHle' for 'Skagga Springs: at Cloverdale
for the .' Geysers; at Hopland : for -Duncan
Spring?, Highland Springs, KelseyvlJle, Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Strings; at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
' Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Springs, Upper Lake, Porno, Potter Valley,
John- Day's. Riverside. •Llerley's, Bucknell's.
SanhcdrJn Heights. HuUville. Orr*s Hot Springs.
Mendoclno Glty, Fort - Bragg, Westport. Usal.
Wllllts, Laytonville. Cummins, Bell's Springs,
Harris, 'Olsen'8. Dyer, Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates. .
I 'Qn- Sundays round-trip tickets to all jpotnts
beyond Ean Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office, 050 Market street," Chronlcla
building. •. '.V y".\:"' ? - ' - .
H. C7 WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
¦ Gen. Manager. . Gen. Pass. Agt.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
COmttHT tMftfllt VHI ntttCTCR * «M«tLC CO. CINCINNATI
insured. ;.:¦
pj"™ "t^OU insure your house against fire. You know
JjJflC what Ipeople would say if it burned down
without insurance. They would say you
I | wer e wanting in business sagacity, that you
should have provided for this. Now leave house insur-
ance and consider clothing insurance. Here the danger
is even greater — not from fire, but from the chemicals
and strong soaps used in the laundry. Wise women
insure their finer, more delicate and perishable things
against this risk, and the premium they pay is the
trifling cost of Ivory Soap, That guarantees protection.
ivory soap— rr floats. r *
Pf &u^^^o^ ISM
&JI How Truly the Great
®yf§£* i^P^ Fame of Lydia E. Pink-
i||iB I ham's Vegetable Com-
pound Justifies Her Orig-
' - ¦• • I inal Signature.
MUNYON'S
COLD CURE
Relieves the bead, nose, throat and
lungs almost Immediately. Cures new
colds, old colds and obstinate colds. It
breaks up any kind of a cold In a few
hours and prevents Pneumonia, Bron-
chitis, Grippe or other disease of throat
i or lungs.
• Munyon's Witch Hazel Soap makes
the skin sort as velvet, 15c. Sold every-
where. ¦ . ' .'
1 : Munyon's Inhaler Cores Catarrh.
s^Send for Guide to Health Book free,
;- New York. : - .
Now' is the time to get rid of
[i He \ impu i i tie s - that have •/ ac- '
¦cumulated, iir the system during
t hev\y inter; '¦- The best medicint*.
to . . p urif y the b 'cod end buitd '
up ..the system i ? Hostetter's
Stomach Bitters. A few doses
wiil convince you. It also cure-
Indigestion . Dyspepsia, Const ipn-
t ton,. Headache and Insomnia.
Stomach Bitters,
AWEBTISEIffTiNTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.5 PARIS; i.-Aprll-:* 21.— W; ; K: Vanderbilfs
Cleopatra' II came in third' to-day ". In the
race for the Prix des Ainazoncs at the St:
Cloud meeting. :
Cleopatra II : . Runs Third.
S AUS ALITp,- Aprilt 2i;— tho new Board
of Town Trustees took the oath of office
to-night. .; Jacques .Thomas; , waq;. unan
imously elected Mayor. ,The -board' dis
pensed with City Attorney-Meldon'sstr
vlces and appointed Attorney, L..; C. Pls
tolesi in, his place..- The- action Increasing
the poolroom -IJcense from $300 to $1500 per
quarter, -taken by_the old beard: at? its
last meeting, was; reconsidered, and the
amount of license, to be charged laid over.
• Thomas Now 1 Sausallto's Mayor.
, ' FOREIGN PORTJ.;/ 1 '.'»•'¦.'
'- VICTORIA, BO— Arrived Atirll"- 21— U Vs"
atmr- Bear. l>ence"April *1<1, for'Seattle; ' Br
»hlp Ladakh, from Cardiff. ' -. - ¦. - .
Sailed April 21— U S stmr Bear, for Seattle.
PORT BLAKEL.EY— Arrived April 21— Ship
Kennebec, hence April 11. ; ,
SEATTLE— Arrived April' 21^Stmr Chleo,
from Actoria; schr Eric, from $an Pedro. ¦
Arrived April -0— Stmr . Pro*re«o, , from, San
FranclBCQ. . - • '; ; ' ¦-,..,
PORTLAND. 'Or— Sailed April .21— Schr John
A, 'for San Francisco. • . •",¦'. ;..-' ..••¦.; < .
DOMESTIC PORTS.
Late Shipping. Intelligence.
. '., , :: ARRIVED.': -« ;,
. ' Monday;' April 21.. ¦
Etmr Grace Dollar, Foeen.-, C8 hours from
Grays Harbor. ¦'- ¦ • . • '•
Ship Shenandoah, Watts, 32 days froni
Yokohama., . . " ...
Fr"i bark i Olivier de CHsson, TTernard, 300
days from "Cardiff, via Cayenne. 225 days.
. Schr Uillebonne, Jenssn, OL • daya from Grays
Harbor. '
LOS ANGELES, April 21.— James J. Jef
fries to-day received a telegram from
FItzsimmons advising; him that a" forfeit
of. $2500 had been posted. with a New York
newspaper : : and , asking | the ; champion as
to his opinion; on* bids for tha fight.
Pltzslmmons- aeks : Jeffries- what h«
thinks ; of the National Sporting Club's
offer of, a 515,000 purse and $1000 each for.
expenses. - , •
In speaking of the telegram Jeffries
Eaid: . ; ; , , '-
I. am glad Fttzs'.mmons: Is "coming ; down to
business. . I shall post ' my :f orfelt immediately.
As to tho National Sporting Club's offer, I don't
like- ita little bit.' We can get more money in
this country. It's »trant;e FltMlmmons did not
appreciate the offer of twice this amount. by. a
Loa . AnuelCs club. - I .'- have no Idea where th*
flght will occur, -but California 'seems to be th3
only available field (n; this country. , . .'•
,- "The Century Club of Lcs Angeles Js not
,yet out of : the" raco ' and may- offer; a large
purseforra, fight for the Fourth of July,
but as yet nothing. definite is known.
BOB FITZSIMJffONS POSTS
FORFEIT IN 1 NEW { YORK
" The business of thei Society, for the Pre
vention cf Cruelty to Animals has-, re
ceived a. sudden and altogether unex
pected-boom as a result of. the street rall
v/ay. strike. , 'Sunday and yesterday ! all
of tho officers of the, society were kept
busy inspecting the condition of horses
used in, the various kinds of vehicles pro
vided for the transportation of people
who live beyond walning distance of the
center of the city. Secretary Holbrook
says that the character of the horses
U8ed for this purpose? is : as nondescript
as the vehicles, they draw. '
Every > horse that , can : by any , means
get over thQ : ground. has been hitched: to
something gn wheels in an effort to. make
.some pront- , out 1 of; the general public " in
convenience. 'The officers of. the' sovJety
have ¦ stopped v: scores of* "conveyances
drawn by worn-out I or crippled 1 . horses
and taken I the '< animals to stables, '. where
they- may recuperate. .
HAVANA, April 21.— Former Director of
Posts Estes G. Rathbone has been re
leased on bail.
¦ . - 1 . 1 . ¦ ? ¦ i
Little Dolly— Why 13 the . hourglass
made small in the middle? Little Elsie—
To v shew the waist of time, dear.—Ex
change.
Anticipating trouble a special detairof
fifty officers was sent- out to this building
under the command of Lieutenant Bird
sail. " Similar precautions were taken ui
the other places where cars are stored. •
In order to .prevent t:ils the strikers
established a picket line, around all the
houses. Twenty-four men were stationed
at Turk and FillmOre streets, where the
electric cars of the principal lines are
housed. AH the strikers wore badges and
patrolled the streets on which the buildinc
is located all night,- • . .
The fact that a large number of men
¦were stationed, inside , the- various car
houses of the Market Street Hallway"
Company and provisioned for along stay
somewhat excited the striker. 1 ? { and po
lice last night and all kinds: of rumors
were afloat. One was to the effect that a
large number of men had been brought
over from -Oakland and that an attempt
would be made to start the cars this* ;
mornlnr-
LARGE FORCE
OF POLICE FOR
CAR BUILDINGS
OAKLAND, April 21.— H. G. Morrow,
representing the Standard OH Company,
appeared before the Board of Supervisors
this morning and asked for permission
to lay the. pipeline that It Is, building
from Bakersfleld to Point Richmond
across a section of the county. The Su
pervisors passed a resolution giving -the
required permission.
Pipeline Across the County.
Alamedans Marry in Secret.
ALAMEDA, April 21.— It has just be
ceme generally known that Frank Kel
logg and Miss' Loulae" -Fitzgerald .'were
secretly- vredded at San Rafael v »orae
weeks. ago. Both the principals to the
marriage are residents of this city. .. -The
groom is an employe of the Alameda Ex
press 'Company. Mr. and lira. Kellogg,
for the present, are making their home at
2113 Eagle avenue.
LOS ANGELES, April 21.— Ernest Dowell
was sentenced to six years in San Quentln to
day by Judge Smith. , Dowell was implicated
with F. Anderson Smith in the robbery of a
room in the Doty block, from which they took
a- lot -of second-hand -clothes.- Smith was sent
to Ean Quentln last Saturday.
BAN JOSE April 21.— The eighteen Eectton
men on the Hillsdale division' of the Southern
Pacific coast line, who struck for higher wages
last week, returned to work at noon to-day
They, claim to havo struck under a misappre
hension of the general situation.
OREGON CITY. Or., April 21.— Eighty weav
ers. In the employ of the Oregon City Manu
facturing Company went on strike to-day on
account of the refusal of the company to grant
them increased wares. . ...."*
TACOMA. April 21. -^Andrew Gibson of Til
coma has been appointed superintendent of the
Yellowstone division of the Northern Paclp.c
Railroad, to succeed Newman Kline, recently
transferred to the Pacific division c y c ""'
BAKERSFIELD. April 21—Tho board of
directors of the Bakersfleld Eagles' Hall and
Opera-house Company has Incorporated with
SACRAMENTO. April 21.— Mlnot C. Young
£^. t ?" <Uy £? li to answ ««- to the Superior
Court for making a murderous assault with an
"asTx^t «2O0O? Vlne - ™- °' d C^ en - Ba »
LOS ANGELES. April 21.— United Statea
Deputy Marshal Christian has returned from
San Uiego with ten Chinese, who were cap
tured in the Bouth while attempting to evade
the Geary act.
TOPEKA. Kans.. April 21— D. W. Dunnett.
an attorney of Hutch Inson. Kans.. dropped
dead in the Federal Court here at 1 :H0 this
afternoon while arguing a case before Judge
Houk. i
CHICAGO. April 21.— The Vincennes apart
ment hotel. Thirty-sixth street and Vincennes
avenue, was destroyed by fire this afternoon.
AM the occupants, escaped In safety. Losf.
LAKE CHARLES. La.. April 21.— T'.ie Jury
In the case of Ward Batson. charged with- the
murder of the Earl family, has returned a ver.
diet of murder in the first decree. The psnalty
is death.
SYDNEY. N. S. W., April 21.— Bubonic
plague has appeared among the Wallaby
(smaller kangaroos) in th« zoological sardens
here, which have been, closed to the public
DENVER, April 21.— The Denver Times was
to-day sold by. its bondholders for flJO.OCH},
David H. Mnffatt. president of the First Na
tional Bank, being the purchaser. ..
FRESNO. April 21.— The Woodmen of the
World's campaign for candidates resulted In
obligating CM recruits, of which number the
local camr> supplied 198. .
SANTA ROSA, April 21. — Fred Farquar of
Han Francisco wa* fined $23 . by. Jud-e Brown
to-day for killln* deer out of season.
SAN- BEnXAKDINO. April 21.— Rudolph
Ruttledge to-day was sentenced to eight year*'
imprisonment at Folsorn for rorgery.
FOIITLAND. April 21.— Seventy-five leather
workers struck to.day for an increase In
wages.
TELEGRAPH NEWS.
Bathbone Is Released on' Bail.
UKIAH, April 21.— George Spottswood,
a 15-year-old boy, stumbled and fell near
Centerville yesterday, breaking his neck.'
Fall Breaks. Boy's Neck.
BAKERSFIELD. April 21.— Miss Tessie
Lac-ey has been elected queen of the 8a
kersneld free street carnival.
Eakersfield's Carnival Queen.
Navy— Captain Joseph Coghlan. to be
rear admiral: Captain ,J.H. Sands, rear
admiral; Assistant S.urgeon wyilam Gar
ton, passed assistant surgeon; Gunner
Joseph. R. Ward, chief gunner. .
'WASHINGTON. April 21.— The Presi
dent to-day sent the following nomina
tions to the Senate: v
Captain Coghlan Promoted.
Secretary Root' at Havana.
HAVANA. April 21-Elihu , Root, the;
Secretary of War. and his family arrived
here to-day.
MINING <X»MPAKT INCORPORATES.— The
Zalm and IJaldwin Mining Company via incor
pcrateO yesterday with a capital etock of $590.
©rrfi. The <!ir«torE, with the amounts they have
FUbM-ribed. aro: J. P. Baldwin. $100,000- H
N. Zafcn. 1100.000; Otto J. Zahn. $100.(KK»: C.
V. Baldwin, f 50,000, and W. O. Symondson',
t50,0t0.
OAKLAND. April 21.— Licenses to
marry were issued to-day to Joseph R.
Ferry, aged 23. and Pearl Rutherford, 19.
both of Oakland; Peter Henrlchs. 21.
Washington, and Belle Harlocker, 27,
Alameda. . •
Licensed to Marry.
Baptism of Baby Castellane;
PARIS, April 2L--The third son of
Count and Countess .BonI dl Castellane
T *d jf a v born April 14> has been bap "
SAN JOSE, April 21.— Thomas Hobson,
a nioneer resident of,. thjs city, died sud
de'nly this morning' at '¦' his residence on
St. James street. He' was .sitting in a
chair before the fire.' wtiCri'a' pain in' the
heart seized him and he fell back dead.
He was a native of North Carolina and
65 years of ase. ¦ •
Thorns s Hobson.
Joseph Cairn Simpson, one" of the best
known writers of trotting-horse news, is
confined to his bed at 'hie- residence, iin
Adeline street. Oakland, by serious illness.
His condition is deemed precarious by
his physicians because of his advancea
Joseph Cairn Simpson 111.
VIENNA. April 2l.-The Minister of in
struction. Dr. von Hartel, has. conferred
the great gold staats medal upon Walter
Macewen, the American artist, for his
picture called "The Ghost Story "
American Artist Is Honored.
¦ \ the Members of the Family
Are Absent.
ALAMEDA, April 21.— Twelve silver
spoons, a silver whisky flask and a num
ber of plated knives and forks' were stolen
from the residence of W. E. Pettes, 1204
Lafayette street., nast night j ;The robbery
occurred between 6:30 o'clock and mid
night, arid .was discovered when Mr. and
Mrs. Pettes arrived horns about-12 o-'cIock.
They Immediately notified the police, but
as yet no trace- of the missing ware or tna
taker has been discovered. '
Entrance to the house was gained
through a back window, which was pried
open by the thief with a jimmy. All the
rooms on the lower floor of the residence
were thoroughly ransacked. Thosa" up
stairs were not disturbed. ..
Mr. and Mrs. Pettes have but recently
returned from a tour of the Eastern
States. Before starting they stored most
of their valuable silverware in a safe de
posit vault, where it still remains.
Home of W. E. Pettes Robbed Wl»il»
BURGLAR ENTERS HOUSE
AND STEALS SILVERWARE
United States Court Commissioner Hea
tock held Oscar Dunlap , and Thomas
£5oyle to answer before the Grand Jury
yesterday. They were "charged with steal
ng pieces of machinery from the Marc
Island Navy Yard. ¦ Their, bail was fixed
at Jl*>uO each. -. , ¦ . •
Danlap and Boyle Held.
King Edward's Third Levee.
LONDON. April 21.-King Edward held
his third levee to-day at St. James Pal
vce, to which he. proceeded for the first
time from Buckingham Palace. The levee
was moderately attended. United States
ambassador Choate and the other mem
bers of the United Sttes Embassy were
among the diplomats pr^-ent. Otherwise
no Americans were presented to his^Alaj-
¦ The accused husband pleaded . that he
was drunk and did not know that he had
maltreated his spouse. ; On that score he
pieaded- for a light sentence: but Judge
Smith flatly declared: he could not-tol
erate wife-beaters. -,. - •;r;.v,' .v -
OAKLAND, April 21.— "A man who
beats a woman, particularly when that
woman Is his wife,. Is a coward and de
serves no lenient treatment at the hand-j
of this court or of any other."
With that comment'PolIce Judge Smith
to-day sentenced William Sinkiwitz to
pay ri J20O fine or go to jail for 100 days.
Sinkiwitz had beaten his wife severely
because she refused to tell him the hid
ing ace of a purse in which she had a
sma.. sum stored- away against hard
times. •
Opinion of Men Who Abuse
• Women.
Police Judge Smith Expresses His
The importance of an indorsement of
the strike by the Labor Council is geu
erally recognized by the striking carmen,
and every effort will be made to secure
that recognition at the meeting to-day.-
It Is hoped by the carmen that such In
dorsement. If made, will result in con- 1
certed action by the "employers of labor.
In the interests of the strikers and there
by bring the strike to a speedy conclu
sion. The officers of the Labor Council
have already expressed themselves as be
ing in favor of a resolution indorsing the
strike and calling upon the public gen-,
erallyj for Its support.
The San Francisco Labor Council has
called a special meeting for; to-night, ' at
which it is expected some decisive action
will be taken with reference to the strike
of the streetcar employes. At the meet
ing of the executive committee of 'that
body heid yesterday the following -call
was issued:
Labor Council Rooms. 02" Market street.
April 21. 1902. — To the Officers and Delegates
of the San Franclico Labor Council ; Your ex
ecutive committee met in special session at 11
a. m. this date, and decided to call a special
meeting of the San Francisco Labor Council tor
Tuesday night, April &. You are thereiore no
tified to com* to this meeting, to be. held. at
8(X> Market street. Pythian Castle, commencing
at S P. m. Fraternally yours,
" . W. H. OOFF. Chairman.
ED. ROSENBERG, Secretary.
Kxecutive Committee San Francisco Lffbor
Council. .
LABOR COUNCIL
MAY INDORSE THE
STRIKE TO-DAY
. In response to a letter from H. P. Thrall,
superintendent of the Railway* Mail Serv
ice, which also includes tho street railway
maH' cars, "• President Cornelius' has ad
dressed a letter to him, in which he sayS
that "There is 'not the slightest purpose
on the part of ourselves or any of our
members to Inany wise interfere with the
trasmjselon of the United States malls,
or to commit any offense against the lawj
of the United States or any other laws,
for that matter." The request is a^So
made that mx discrimination be shown be
twten the railway company and its strik
ing employes in the matter of Federal in
terference. - •'¦' •'. * • •'¦ " /¦
President Cornelius said last night:
The situation remains unchanged. More men
are coming In daily and we have now nearly all
th« carmen' In the city In our union. The men
of the California and Union-streets lines are
joining, but ' we have no intention of calling
them out, although they are in full sympathy
with us. We have had applications from other
branches of the railroad work connected with
the Market-street system asking permission to
Join with us. The men that are. applying are
the electricians,' repairers and those In other
branches not as. yet organized or affiliated with
any other union. We are enrolling these at
present in our union, but may make some other
disposition of them after the controversy Is set
tled. But as long as they are car employes
they are entitled to admission. under our char
ter. . ••-..-..¦• .¦* '
We have had no conference to-day with the
managers- of thft United Railroads companies.
We are sending out our men to protect their
porperty and are doing all we' can to maintain
an honorable and peaceful attitude.
AGED HORSES
ARE PRESSED
INTO SERVICE
Whereas, The streetcar men of San . Eran
cj«co havG been subjected by their employers to
great hardthlps In the. past, being forced to
work unreasonable. hours for inadequate wages,
"and the i carmen having struck on ' Saturday,
April 10. 1902, oo it \ ..-¦•--. t • " ""• „
Resolved. That -,San Francisco Pressmen's
Union No. 24 denounces the acts of the.corpor
ation aeainst which the carmen are striking,
for the exactions Imposed upon the carmen of
this city In the past, and having knowledge of
the unfortunate conditions of .the. carmen pre
vious to' the strike and being aware or the jus
tice or the demands made upon' the employes, to
which demands the railway management re
fuses to give even a hearing, San Francisco
Printing' Pressmen's Union No. 24 tenders Its
moral and financial support to the striking car
men, and the members of this -union pledge
themselves, to use every metns In their power
to assist the Carmen's Union In gaining for Its
members the demands made upon the streetcar
companies, to the end that the carmen may at
tain the Industrial and social Independence
which th«lr demands call for and which are the
least that could be desired from every stand
point of fnlrnrsannd good citizenship to be en
joyed by free men' In a free country.
Resolved, That we pledge them our hearty
moral • and financial support to- the extent of
our ability; and bait further :•
Resolved, .That a, copy ot 'these .resolutions
be forwarded to the Streetcar Men's Union
and copies furnished to the "press.
' "..i - "WM; P. McCABE,
' • .• ' I), I McLENNA, '
- ' HARRY GILDEA. .
• R; I. WISLER, '
¦. : • < . ' ' Committee.
' Printing' Pressmen's Union | No: v 24 ex
presses the sympathy of its mem,bef9 in
the following resolutions:
Whereat", The . streetcar men of San .Fran
cisco have demonstrated their ability to uphold
the principles or trades unionism to the ex
tent of refusing to longer work under condi-'
tlons which were unjust and unfair to the
men of -their calling; and ¦ ¦
Whereas, The request of the streetcar men
for shorter hours and a Just compensation and
the. right to organize Into a trade union tor
the purpose of bettering their conditions and
alleviate the many injustices under which they
have been compelled to labor; therefore be it
Resolved, by the Iron. Trades Council of San
Urancisco, That .we .heartily, Indorse the action
of the streetcar men of this city; arid be it
further ' : ¦ ¦ '. ¦
¦ Local labor organizations are rallying
to the support of the striking car em
ployes and are signifying their willing
ness to aid them in every way possible.
The Iron Trades Council last night adopt
ed .the following resolutions:
The statement that violence was. of
fered to Newton is vehemently denied. It
is admitted that hot language was used,
but "the* Interference of a policeman. It is
claimed, was absolutely unnecessary. Thu
statement that rocks were hurled through
windows Is denied, and this is supported
by the fact that the. carhouse windows
were intact last night. The strikers ex
press great annoyance at the spread of
reports of violence, which, they declare,
are absolutely without foundation. .
One of the carmen who witnessed the
occurrence stated last night that the af
fair was greatly exaggerated. He re
marked that Newton was upbraided for
his conduct on Sunday In taking out a
car ..and. he admitted that. "It. was the
mistake, of his life." Newton expressed
a desire to Join the Union, and during the
afternoon he paid his fee and was.ajimit-'
ted into the ranks of organized labor.-
Thl« morning, at about 3 o'clock, at -}he
Twenty-ninth and Mlssloh streets carhouse, an
alarm was given on the door by a police officer
and tha watchman In the Inside ..of the car
house opened the door. When the door was
opened the policeman pushed in forcibly Motor
man J. W. Newton, as he :was being attacked
by a mob on the outside. Immediately after
Newton's entrance into the carhouse the mob
began hurling rocks at the windows and "doors,
breaking several windows In the front of the
carhouse. They then devoted their attention to
the rfear of the carhouse and hurled several
rocks against the windows and tried to Weak
in the doors so they could get at Newton.' The
employes In the Inside of the carhouse had to
hide the man. He was then concealed, so that
In case the doors were broken open they would
not be able to find him. A short time alter
this disturbance Motorman Newton decided that
it would be better for him to leave the service
of the company and he turned in his badge and
buttons and left the premises. At the present
time we do not know his whereabouts.
A fracas of some sort occurred at.. the
carhouse at Mission and ' Twenty-ninth
streets at 3 o'clock yesterday morning.
According to the statement of an official
of the United Railroads, an attempt was
made by several of the striking carmen
to attack Motorman J. W. Newton, who
took out a car for Manager Vining on
Sunday afternoon. The statement of the
company's representative is as follows;
Petitions in insolvency were tiled yes
terday in the United States District Court
as follows: Bernard V. • Reichenberg,
commission merchant, San Francisco, lia
bilities J12.167 63, assets $114 82; Niel Mac-
Leod, ship carpenter, Oakland, liabilities
±l'Ji o!>, assets none. .
Petitions in Insolvency.
DECLARES WIFE-BEATER
TO BE A COWARD
MEN OF OTHER
BRANCHES SEEK
TO RENDER AID
The Merchants'* Association sent a com
munication to the Board of Supervisors
yesterday requesting that action be taken
toward the improvement of the county
i-oads. Hi? .stated that majiy peo.ple_are
compelled* to locate tfieir " residences'
s-.eross the bay -by reason of the poor con
dition of roads in ¦ the- suburban districts
of this city. . • : \~jr
Want County Roads Improved.
The Supervisors all expressed themselves
as being in favor of a large appropriation.
Supervisor Rowe said it was useless to
spend $300, like Alameda did on the Pan-
American Exposition, and have nothing to
show for it. Supervisor Mitchell advo
cated the plan of levying a special tax,
as is being done in San Joaquin county.
The whole thing was finally left for th«
committee of the w"hole to deal with, and
a report will be made at tho next meeting.
OAKLAND, April 21.-The Board of
Trade pased resolutions this morning ad
vecating an exhibit of Alameda County
products at the St. Louis fair. These were
alterward presented to the Board of Su
pervisors, where President Kahn of the
Board of Trade and Secretary Stearns ap
peared to urge that a substantial appro
priatlon'be made to help the cause. Presi
dent Kahn sal<l that this part of the State
needed all ths advertising it could get just
now. and that it ought not to be behind
the other counties that had already begun
to . plan for .the big show. Secretary
Stearns told how Los Angeles had spent
$50,000 on the Pan-American Exposition
and what benefits had accrued.
pervisors About Spending
Big Sum of Money.
Eoard of Trade Sees the Soard of* Su-
PLAN FOR AN- ALAMEDA
COUNTY SHOW AT PAIR
STRIKERS DENY
STORY OF ROW
AT CARHOUSE
/f^. AKLAND April 21.— An interest
fi Vk ing. feature of the appropaching
II JI May fete at Arbor Villa will be
the singing of several numbers
by a double quartet of young
girls who have participated in the rau- v
slcal programme of these garden fetes
since their inception six years ago. They
are Misses Edith, Nana and Alice Swain,
Helen Stewart, Geneva Pierre, Jean Fra
ser, Alice Mould and^Florence Crandall.
Preparations for the fete, which 1s to
be given on May 3, are progressing' rap
idly, and present indications are that the
rrogramme of general . amusements will
surpass even the brilliant success of last
>ear. Excellent arrangements have been
made for the comfort of guests. The seat
ing capacity will be increased this year,
and the musical programme will take
place on the porch In front of the house,
LABOR UNIONS
READY TO AID
THE STRIKERS
so that every one .?nay ' see- and hear..
The battle of flowers, which is always
one of the- prettiest features of the fete,
will take place earlier than heretofore.
Gayly decorated booths will be conspic
uously placed aboutr the lawns 'and pre
sided over by prominent society maids
and matrons. • . .
Ample provision" has been made forlthe
children's pleasure, and a large number
qt donkeys and pony carts of every de
scription will be on hand to carry the
little folks around the beautiful -grounds.
The musical programme will be un
usually good this year. In addition to
the quartet of young girls there will be
a double quartet from the Orpheus Club,
the Columbia Park Boys' 1 Chorus from
San Francisco will be heard, and the
famous Berkeley Glee Club will assist.
The following ladies will be in chargu of
the different booths:
'. Merry-go-round— Mrs. J. E. McElrath, Mrs.
Guy Earl, Mrs. "Wltcher and Mrs. Boone. -
Tea house — Mrs. E. C. Williams, Mrs. War
ren Olney. Mrs. Spencer Brown, Mrs. .E. M.
Walsh. Mr«. J. R. Burnham. Mrs. Willard Bar
ton, Mrs. Harry Meek, Mrs.- Kastland.
Icecream booth — Mrs. T. C. Coogan, Mr3.
William Letts Oliver.
Candy booth — Mrs. Egbert Stone, Mrs. F. M.
Dunwoody, Miss de Fremery. Miss Gage.
Whip sale — Mrs. Albert Miller, Miss Annie
Miller.
Flower booth — Mrs. Charles Minor Goodall,
Mra> E. F. Cotton. Miss Young, Mrs. | R. G.
Brown, Miss Florlnne Brown and Miss May
.Yountr.
Fortune telling — Miss Campbell and Mrs. W.
F. Xoyes,
Soda water — Mrs. Harry Gordon. Miss Miner,
Mr«. Wilson and Mrs. Harry East Miller.
Lemonade booth — The Misses Mona, Laura,
Jane end Ethel Crellln.
Donkeys and pony carts — Mrs. Thomas Crel
lln. Mrs. E. F. Taylor and Mrs; V?. T. Veitch.
Gates — Mr«. E. B. Beck. Mrs. Gordon M.
Stolp. Mrs.-R V. Gorrill and Mrs. Morris.-
Batteries— Donovan. Winham and Ahearn
! n£\ ie , , an £ Dorn - E &rn*l runs— Brooklyn 1,
I Philadelphia 1: Three-base hit— Dayton
Bases on called balls— Off Donovan 0, off While
V °, ff -,.T Vrinham 2 - Etruac .jout— By Donovan 4.
by w ' nha »n - Umpire— Brown.
NLW YORK. April 21.— New York defeated
Boston at the Polo Grounds. Statthewpon .wan
in the box for the home team and "acquitted
himself creditably, except In the sixth inriinr
when he was wild. The New .Yorks batted
Hale freely. Attendance, 5500. Score:
„ f R. H. E.
Boston .... 0 0 0 0 0 3 0 0 0—3 8 0
New "icrk .1 0 0 2 1 0 2 0 x— 6 13 2
Batteries— Hale and Kittredge: Matthewson
and Yeager. Two-base hits— Delehanty. Jacfc
fcen, Doyle. Bases on called balls — Off Mat
theweon 3. off Hale 4. Struck out— By Mat
tb y %T?f!?.U£ Hale '• ¦Umpire— O'Day. ;
CH f, C £ GO> April 21 — The National Leaders
opened here w(th a close but interesting game
The locals won' by bunching: hits in the eecom'
0 :^^^ ">??^
- - - - ' - ' • * '. '.' ¦¦¦-."- T> - j* " M
£ hi <; a GO 03 00 00 0 1 x— 4* «' i
fct. Louis 11000 0 01 O—3 •« a
Batterles^Taylor and Chance; Yerkes aud
.O-an- Two-base hits— Farrell, Donovaiu
PHILADELPHIA.. April 21.— Pitcher Dono
van was responsible for Brooklyn's defeat to
day. In the first inning he gave four bases
on halls, was hit safely four times and mado
a wild throw. Attendance. 3010. Score : •
Brooklyn 10(100(10 I 0-2.6 5
Philadelphia '..:..;4-2 0 0 0 0 2 0 0 — 8 13 2
¦ ¦ "¦ ¦ •¦¦'¦. " -¦¦•¦ ¦¦»< ,. , . ,
YOUNG SINGERS WHO WILL TAKE PART , IN ARBOR VILLA MAY FETE. READING FROM LEFT TO RIGHT
THEY ARE: UPPER ROW— NANA SWAIN, ALICE MOULD. EDITH SWAIN, HELEN STEWART. LOWER
ROW— ALICE SWAIN, JEAN' FRASER AND GENEVA PIERRE.'
CHICAGO -WINS OPENING
GAME FROM ST. LOUIS
Tho American flag which veiled the
bronze bust was raised by Margaret de
Bell, the little daughter of W. H. de Bell,
former principal of . the school, at the
close of the invocation by Rev. G. B.
Hatch and the singing by the school of
"Nearer, My God, to Thee." The exer
cises occurred in'front qt the school build
ing, where the bust rests on a concrete
pedestal four feet high, situated midway
between the entrance to the school and
the street. A large crowd was. present.
¦ C. L. Biedenbach, principal of the Me-
Klnley School, had charge of the exer
cises. He delivered the opening address,
saying in part:
This likeness is .not a monument for tha
dead. . William McKinley needs no monument
to preserve his ' memory. His deeds are s j
Used in history that they will endure foreyer
without. any record of stone. The memory 'of
his virtues has become so much a part of tha
consciousness of his fellow citizens that u
cannot lade. ' '¦" .
tS."D. Waterman, City Superintendent ot
'Schools, made a few appropriate remarks
and at the close introduced H. H. Wood
ruff, ttrst lieutenant of Company A, Vet
eran Reserves, and a member of the Ohio
regiment in which McKinley fought dur
ing the Civil War. Lieutenant Woodruff
spoke of the young soldier who had been
a comrade-in-arms, and told of his life at
the front. He said that the Grand Army
of the Republic intended to plant a -*c-
Kinley memorial, tree in the army plat in
Mountain View Cemetery on Memorial
day. - >
J. R. Little, president of the Board of
Education, addressed the gathering. Ha
said:;' vf ? '..-..' -
The? naming of this, our model grammar
school, the "McKinley School," is not an
empty honor. —It "is a high compliment — :ha
highest that we as citizens of Berkeley can
bestow. The cornerstone, of citizenship is the
grammar school.' - ••
F. H. E. O'Donnell, an instructor in the
State Institution for the Deaf and Dumb
and the Blind, paid an eloquent tributa
to William McKinley, and the exercises
closed by all present singing . "America."
The bronze bust of McKinley la tho
work of the San Francisco sculptor. R. 1.
Aitken. It was seetrred through popular
subscription, and is the first bronze to be
cast on this coast. >.
BERKELEY. April 21.— The McKinley
memorial bust was unveiled this afternoon
at the local public school on Dwight way
which bears the name of the late Presi
dent. Several' addresses were made by
prominent, educators end citizens and pa
triotic songs were rendered by the school
children, i
¦ The Stock of the Oakland Gas. Light
and Heat Company has been quoted of
late at $56 to $58. Monthly dividends of 25
cents a share are paid. The bonded debt
Js $JH9,000. The present officers and di
rectors are: President, John A. Britton;
Thomas Crellin. James Moffltt, H. G.
Hedges and John G. Wright.
The Martin syndicate has besides tne
Bay Counties Power Company control of
the old San Francisco and North Pac'.Ic
Coast Railroad and lighting plants In San
Rafael, Santa Rosa, Napa, Woodland.
Chlco, Colusa, Fresno, Nevada City and
Grass Valley. ' .
-The -Oakland company famishes gas
and electricity to Oakland, Berkeley and
Alameda. , . •
The capital stock of the company is 30,000
shares held by 275 different people. The di
rectors jointly do not hold more than one-twen
tieth of the stock. In order that the sale shall
be effected at least 51 per cent of the stock
shall be In deposit by September 1. The offer
is fcr cash.
Must Deposit the' Stock.
Or course, the action of the directors Is
merely advisory, final decision resting with the
holders of the. shares of- stocks ,
The California Gas and Electric corporation
has deposited with the Oakland Gas, Light and
Heat Company a bond in $100,000. covering the
option. Should this offer be accepted by the
stockholders by the deposit of a sufficient num
ber of shares in escrow the San Francisco cor
poration will have until March 1, 1004, in
which to take up the stock, i ¦
Meanwhile no change of management Is im
minent. The very favorable management of
the companies in California now operated by
tho 'syndicate is a sufficient Indication that the
wt-11-kncwn and liberal policy of the Oakland
Gas. Light and Heat Company's management
will be continued. If not enlarged.
Nothing has as yet been done toward ascer
taining the desires of the stockholders in this
matter of sale, but all of the circumstances sur
rounding the tender appear so favorable that it
has been decided that the best interests- of the
company can be served by an acceptance' of. th<>
offer. . • .
He also eaid:
President Britton's Statement.
The offer the syndicate has made is
about J13 above the present quoted mar
ket price for Oakland Gas. Light and
Heat Company's stock, and it Is about $20
above the rate which ; prevailed prior to
the opening of- negotiations of purchase.
These have been in hand for several
months, but not until to-day was the
status of the transactions officially made
public. : . .
The option of the' San Francisco syndi
cate on the Oakland Company's stock
runs until March 1, 1904, so two years can
elapse before the completion of the sale.
President John A, Britton of the Oakland
corporation announced to-day that the
offer, of purchase; would not/involve any
change in the present management, of
which. he has- been the executive head for
years. "
Sale of .. the • Oakland ; Gas; Light and
Heat' Company to the California Gas and
Electric Company, the syndicate headed
by John Martin which controls the Bay
Counties Power Company, has been rec
ommended . for consummation to the
stockholders of the Oakland Company by
its board of directors. The Martin syndi
cate has offered $70 a share for the stock,
has deposited a $100,000 bond on the option
and is ready to complete the deal if the
stock shall be deposited by September 1
in escrow with the First National Bank
of San Francisco.
Oakland Office San .Franeisco Call,
' V" lil8 I-troadway, April 21.
Attorney de Golia, in th* short argu
ment that he made, tried "to show that
the Assessor was guilty of malfeasance
because he had done something knowing
that it was unlawful. Attorney Fitzger
ald was satisfied to let the case* go to the
Judges without argument and. after a
few minutes' deliberation, the Court ren
dered its decision, as stated.
The statement made by Dalton "to the
Auditor in 18?9 was submitted by the
prosecution to show that Dalton had ustrd
deputies in his office paid by the county
to work on the city assessment rolls and
then overcharged for their work. DaI
ton succeeded in showing, however, that
the prosecution did not . read thiugs
straight.
Then Mr. Fitzgerald took the stand to
tell that he had advised Mrj Dalton to
retain all fees when the question as " to
his rights came up in 1S93.
Dalton followed to corroborate all that
his attorney said. He told about writing
to every County Assessor in the State to
ascertain what they did in regard to fee&.
All were of the opinion that he had a
right to retain. the fees.- He denied that
he ever had any intent to wrongfully re
tain fees.
As Mr.' Whidden's was all the testi
mony offered by the prosecution* Attor
ney Fitzgerald moved for a dismissal A
the charge on the ground of lack of proof
of intent to commit fraud. The Judges
wanted to hear some more testimony,
however, and denied the motion.
Testimony-taking in the case did not
amount to much. The prosecution only
had one witness and the defense was sat
isfied with two. Attorney de Golia fcr
Ibe prosecution called upon l>eputy Aud
itor Myron H. \Vhidden to tell about Dal
ion's neglect to account -for poll tax fees
and fees that he collected from the city
of Oakland for assessment rolls the last
three years. He told how Dalton had set
tled for the fees collected from the city
by paying into the treasury $4OS7 in ac
cordance with a recent decision of Judge
Ogden.
"The Court finds that the defendant aid
retain and neglect to pay over to the
County Treasurer portions of the several
amounts of money charged In the at
t usatson to have been retained by him.
but that he retained the same openly and
avowedly and under claim of right and
ownership of the same made in good
faith. And the Court further finds and
adjudges that the defendant is not guilty
of the offenses charged in the accusa
tion." v
The decision was read at the end of the
trial by Judge Melvin. and it was con
curred in by Judges Ogden, Kllsworth
and Hall. Following is the language of
the decision:
County Assessor Dalton was acquitted
of malfeasance in office this afternoon by
the jury of judges that was convened to
hear the accusation brought against him
by former County Clerk Crane. The
Judges acquitted Dalton of any intent to
defraud the county out of money due its
treasury.
Office of San Francisco Cail,
1118 Broadway, April 2L
Arrangements have already been made
for excursions from all of the interior
towns of Alameda County, San Jose,
Stockton, Sacramento, Santa Rosa and
other cities, so that more than one-half
pf the total population of^the State will
be given an opportunity to visit the fair,
faix of the twelve blocks secured will be
devoted to concessions for amusements
and refreshments, and the other six
blocks will be given over to exhibits of
P°°ds. It has been three years since
Oakland has had an exhibit of any kiad.
The streets will be inclosed with aboard
fence running along the outer curb, and
as two square blocks of land within this
territory are city property, the park and
the high school property, this can be done
without cutting off any resident from his
home,- and will give a very large space
for concessions and exhibits. It is pro
posed to open the fair on June 14, as the
public schools close on June 13. It will
run far from eight to ten days, as the at
tendance warrants. •-• . . . .
The location granted to-night is admira
ble. It includes all of the streets from
Clay to Castro and' from Twelfth to
Ninth. This will give all of the grounds
in the rear of the High School, and with
the beautiful Lafayette square in the cen
ter.
The Elks* street fair was launched to
night, when the City Council. and the
Mayor formally granted Oakland Lodge
of that order the use of, twelve blocks of
streets for the purpose of their fair in
June. From now on the lodge and the com
mittees that have been placed in charge
of the affair will bend their energies to
ward making this the greatest success
that Oakland has attempted in the way
of displays.
The people of Oakland and San Fran
cisco ha\»e read about street fairs for sev
eral years, but this is the first opportu
nity that the residents of the bay section
have had to witness such an event.*
Oakland Office San; Francisco Call,
¦¦ * 1118 Broadway, April 21.
School.
Memorial \ to. Late President
* Is Placed Before Berkeley
Assessor Retains Pees, but
Court Holds He Com
mitted No Wrong.
Shareholders Are. Given Until
. September to| Deposit ;
. "StocE
Twelve 'Blocks in Center of
. City W Be i Taken^Up
1 ' :Withjthe. Display! V
Margaret be Bell Raises
Flag Covering the
Martin Syndic. ate -Hakes
Offer
Company.
City Council Gives Lodge
the Privilege to Use
; Streets. : v %
Pronounce Him Guiltless
of Intent to Mulct
the County.
OAKLAND ELKS
TO HOLD FAIR
CHILD UNVEILS
M'KINLEY BUST
JURY OF JUDGES
ACQUITS DALTON
TAKES OPTION
ON GAS WORK
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 22, 1902.
Preparations for the Coming Carnival at Arbor Villa Are Progressing
Rapidly and the Present Indications Are That the Programme
Will Surpass Even the Very Brilliant -Success of Last Year
DOUBLE QUARTET OF GIRLS
A FEATURE OF MAYDAY FETE
9
OI.D'FFOFf W /^~X
Do not always receive the sympathy and attention which^t&f^-^f TllEr
they deserve. Their ailments are regarded as purely £W : :
imaginary, or natural and unavoidable at their time of ja* J^
life. Disease and infinaity should not always be associ- llppfe^^x^P^
ated with old age. The eye of the gray haired grandsire^^^j^^\^^'
may be as bright and the complexion as fair as any of -^^^^^/^
his 3 r ounger and more vigorous companions. ¦ji?f& a '^. ' -, v : S
Good Blood Is tho secret of healthy old age, for it regulates
and controls every part of the body, strengthens the. nerves, makes the
muscles elastic and supple, the bones strong andthe^ftesh firm; but when
this life fluid is polluted cr poisoned and loses its nutritive, health sustain*
ing elements, then there is a rapid decline of the vital powers, 1 resulting
in premature old age and disease. Any derangement of the' blood quickly
shows itself in an ulcer, sore, wart, tumor or spme other;^troublesome
growth upon the body, and rheumatic and neuralgic 'pains become almost
constant, accompanied with poor digestion and cold extremities. .
* — S >**-> ->¦¦¦**.¦ S- S. S. being purely vegetable/is the safest and
. n^S (?S b est bl° o< l purifier for old people. It does not shock
'N^N"'"''^^\ or turt V*? system like the strong mineral remedies.
b5/ bP/ bP) but gently and thoroughly cleanses the blood and
stimulates the debilitated organs, when all; bodily
ailments disappear. S: S. S. is just such a tonic as old people need to
improve a weak digestion and tone up the Stomach. If there is any heredi-
tary taint, or the remains of some disease contracted in early life, S. S. S.
will search it but and remove every vestige of it from the system.
Write us fully, about youf case and let our physicians advise and help
: y6xi; * This will cost you ribbing, and'we will mail free bur book on blood
and skin diseases.. THE SWIFT SPECIFIC COMPANY, Atlanta, Ga.
"¦•¦¦," ¦ BilBBB^9Bt£S8B
weak, nervous, exhausted,
all out of sorts. Over-
worked nerves are always
irritable and restless. The
eyelids twitch, the stomach
rebels, the brain is fogged,
and the heart is unsteady.
Stop the waste of nerve-
force. Stimulate digestion,
strengthen the nerves, and
replenish the vital power.
Tailing strencth had reduced my
vitality; grip brought on bronchitis
End ncrvc/us prostration, and I suffered
frcni dizzy spells, nervousness, con-
fusion of the micd and palpitation of
the hzzTt Dr. Miles' Nervine and
Pills TTcrked a complete cure."
Mrs. J. E. Harwell, East Atlanta, Ga.-
Nervine
is a perfect restorative for
the weak, the tired, , the
feeble and the run-down.
"** Sold by druggists on cnar^tee.
Dr. Miles Medical. Co., Elkhart Ind.FIFTH MEMBER OF THE GANG OF DESPERATE THUGS THAT MUR
DERED POLICEMAN EUGENE C. ROBINSON, WHO IS UNDER AR
REST AT GRANTS PASS, OR.
- The only one of the gang now at lib
erty is "Kid" Goucher. and both Chief
Wittman and Captain Seymour are san
guine that he will : soon be within the
meshes of the. law. probably in Oregon,
where he has served sentences before.
The photograph was shown to several
people who know "Brownie," and they at
once . recognized it as- that of the thug
wanted - for Robinson's murder. .Sheriff
Lister was at once notified by wire to
hold Jackson and that an officer would
be sent with the necessary papers for -his
extradition. The papers, were prepared
yesterday, and Policeman Taylor, who as
sisted Detective Wren In bringing Kaufl
man from Fort William,. Canada,, left by
last evening's train for Sacramento to
get them signed by "the Governor,-, and
will then proceed to Grant's Pass to bring
"Brownie" back. * . "
issued by the department. here that Jack
son was the man. 1 . ' \ ¦ ¦
BERLIN,, April 21. -It is announced thai
Emperor William has notlHed the execu
tors of the will of^ Cecil Rhodes of h>
country s acceptance of the trust relatm
to the German scholarships at Oxford.
Germany Accepts .the Trust.
;¦, WASHINGTON, 'April 21.— In executive
session* the 4 Seriate.v at *¦¦ the * request ?• ' of
Proctor. \ to-day ;: agreed "• to take up r the
nomination of. General Crozier.to be chief
of ordnance^on Thursday • next. ¦ *; -,\ -
To Take-TJp -Crbzier's Case. ;
SAN BERNARDINO. ; April . 21.— One
year, imprisonment is what a pie cost W.
R. Stamond of^ I>os Angeles. Stamonu"
was, caught in the act of stealing a pie
from the residence of Dr.- CD/ Dickery
of this city several weeks ago. To-day he
pleaded guilty of burglary, in the second
degree.:
One Year of Life for a Pie.
Sunday evening at 8:40 o'clock occurred
the death of Mrs. Kate S. Wise, mother of
Clark,' R. A. : and R. H. .Wise, ather.home,
1058 Ellis I street, i Mrs. : Wise's death K was
duo , to pneumonia , * from t which I she ' had
suffered but- a ; few days. : ; Her end was
peaceful and her- spirit resigned' to her im
pending * dlssolution.^The funeral Cwill be
held, on Tuesday at 2 : o'clock ' from ' the
residence of her son/ R. A.' -Wise, 888 Eddy
stre**. . ¦ . : • •: ¦ - ,
Death of Mrs. Wise.
Dr. Paulson lectured to-night on . the
organization of, medical institutes and
hygienic cafes.
TOPEKA, Ivans., April 21.— The General
Conference of the Seventh Day Adventists
to-day elected the following officers for
the; Central Conference: President, G. C.
Rupert, Oklahoma City: secretary and
treasurer,. C. N. Woodward, Dallas. Tex.;
members of the advisory : board — W.'- A.
McCutcheon.of 'Keene. Tex.; W. E.*Gar
vin. president of. the Keene Sanitarium.
Seventh Day Adventists.
LOS ANGELES, 'April 21.— Mrs. W.H.
Barnes of 842 Wall street, . wife of- a
streetcar conductor, -was^knocked,' down
by a footpad last evening at • 7 ;30. o'clock
near San i Pedro and Ninth streets. .• Mrs.
Barnes was on her way . to board . a . car,
and as she neared the j corner a -rather,
tall, slender young man, dressed; in dark
clothes, passed' her. -Almost immediately
he turned and struck' her 'a stunning, blow!
on the back of " the head, knocking tier
down. The robber was just bending over
the prostrate woman . to take : her . purse
when a man approached and he made off
at a run. The passer-by picked up . Mrs.
Barnes and escorted 'her ¦¦ to; her home.
Footpad Strikes a Woman.
Gold," silver, andcopper medals and hon
orable ' mention will be bestowed on ; suc
cessful-exhibitors in, the order; of 'merit.
The^Peruvian, Government, has appointed
a" commission, consisting of Jpse-Balta.
Director ; of - : Public ".Works; Eduard
Hatche,' Director of '. the School of . Mines,'
•' WASHINGTON. ¦April , 21.— Information
has reached the Peruvian legation in this
city- that a general ; exposition v of I the
methods," apparatus 'and, machinery and
for"; the application of s alcohol to the pro
duction of ' motive power, heat and ' light,
will ; be held at ; Lima' during : the month of
September,:; 1902. "Pcruisone of 'the chief
alcohol 1 producing countries of the world,
and. the object of the exposition Is to'give
alcohol /producers'; an'.; insight'into , the
capabilities "of -alcohol in*. the' "¦ industrial
field. -; 1 1 ; is also 'believed that by . encour
aging •>. the use ; of ; alcohol ' f or ' industrial
purposes its consumption, as a ; beverage
can be .very considerably restricted.' -
Will . Give an Insight Into the . Capa-
bilities of Alcohol in the In
dustrial Field.::; v
PERUVIAN GOVERNMENT
! TO ; HOLD AN EXPOSITION
and -Alejandro Garland, to formulate the
programme for the exposition, collect the
necessary data and communicate with
manufacturers, Inventors and institutions
with the view of obtaining. their support
and assistance through the sending of ex
hibits. •
Enter Boxcars in Which the Men
. Were Sleeping and Search
• Them.
SALT LAKE, Utah. April 21.-A specia'
to the Deseret News from Ogden, Utah
says that two masked men last nighi
held up and robbed seventeen laborers
near Corinne. Utah. The robbers first en
tered a boxcar, ins which were two la
borers, whom, they relieved of all then
money. The robbers then entered another
boxcar, containing fifteen Italian labor
ers.', every one of whom were searched
and their money, and valuables taken. The
frequency of these hoklupa of late ha*
given rise. to the belief that an. organized
gang of robbers Is working the railroads
In this section.
TWO MASKED MEN ROB
SEVENTEEN- LABQREBS
PHILADELPHIA, -} April . 21.-The Su
preme Court to-day reversed the decision
of .the Court of Common Pleas in the case
of Napoleon Lajoie vs. the Philadelphia
National League Baseball Club. - This de
cision upholds the validity of the reserve
clause in the National League contracts.
Lajoie, who formerly/played second base
for the National League club i'n this city,
-signed' with- the Philadelphia; 1 American
League Club for the season of 1901 and
1902. -The Philadelphia Baseball Club,
through John I. Rogers, entered suit: to
restrain Lajoie from playing with 'the
American The lower, court held
that the reserve clause , was Illegal and
Rogers carried the case to the Supreme
Court, where , the decision was : reversed.
If this decision stands it will affect all
players who were, subject to the reserve
clause and .who' are : now 3 playing with
the American League. J ) ':¦¦>]¦
The caj;e attracted widespread attention
by the question of the validity: of the "re
serve clause" in National League con
tracts. The. lower court decided that the
National -League contracts ' were lacking
, in mutuality and therefore' oppressive Mo
players who desired to sign other con
tracts. The lower court's decision bore
especially on«the "ten days' release no
tices clause, and. to-day's decision is, in
effect, that this clause is equitable... In
rendering the decision the Supreme Court
says: ." ¦ ..
Upon a careful consideration • of the I whole
cage we are of opinion' that the provisions ' of
the | contract are. reasonable and that the' con
sideration is fully adequate. "The evidence
shows no indications . of any attempt at s over
reaching or unfairness. Substantial Justice be
tween the parties requires that the court should
restrain the defendant from playing 'with any
other club durlnc the term of his contract
with : the plaintiff. . , . ,. > • ;.-..-.
. The bill ns filed contemplated only -the ser
vices of defendant for the season ; of 1901, but
It- is stated In the argument of. counsel -that
slnceithe hearine-in the court-below andprlor
to the argument In this court the plaintiff by
due notice renewed the current contract for the
season of 1002. :¦¦ •¦- ' . ;. _. • ; / v
' The specifications of error are sustained and
the . decree of the " court below dismissing the
bill is reversed and the bill is reinstated. And
It Is ordered: that the. record -be remitted to the
court below for further proceedings in. accord
ance with this oDinion. ,¦ ; ' t
> - Pitchers Fraser and Bernhard were in
cluded in the La joie • case, ,: but 'their
names were * withdrawn by . agreement of
counsel. : They are, however, affected by
to-day'a -decision. ¦,., :: . ..
' Manager Shettsllne of 'the Philadelphia
N atlonal j League , Club > said r. to-day :
It' I? likely that • all , National League players
now,/playing .with the i American : Lea«rue will
be < ordered ; to : report to ; the National ; League
grounds and , in the '• event of • their > falling to
do so ; suits ; will be, brought :; in . the . cities in
which they are. now ' playing asking ~< for;; an
Injunction restraining them- from taklngjpart
in American -I-ieatue. cames. 7 • •. :/ .
The Chief Justice's opinion was very
brief, and consisted entirely of a review
of original cases of the same character
which have been brought to the atten
tion of the court. The two most, im
portant of the cases thus cited. were the
cases, of the State of Louisiana vs. the
State of Texas, concerning the ; quaran
tine, regulation of the latter State, ; in
which leave was given to file, and the
State of Minnesota vs. the Northern' Se
curities Company, in. which the petition
to file was denied.
Referring .' to the latter - case, he said
the petition had been refused because
of the inseparable objection ; that indis
pensable " parties to the case could .not
be brought into the court. This objec
tion did not, however, confront the court
in the present - case, and . the : court felt
that because of its desire to proceed with
the utmost care -and. deliberation in all
"cases where original actions are brought
In this. court the precedent. of. the Louisi
ana-Texas case should be followed rather
than that of . t he Minnesota case ; in ; the
present instance. Hence, - leave • to , - file
should be granted, and subpenas would
be issued, returnable' on the first day 'Of
the next terra of the court, in October. :
The opinion in the case was delivered
by Chief Justice Fuller, who stated that
the court had always exercised the ut
most care in its proceedings In original
cases, and . that I the i present - decision to
grant leave to file . was intended . to be
entirely without prejudice to either party
at Interest.
WASHINGTON, April 21.-The .United
States Supreme Court to-day granted
leave to the State of Washington to file
an original bill for an injunction against
the Great Northern Railway % Company,
the Northern Pacific Company and the
Northern Securities Company in accord
ance with the petition of that State re
cently filed in the court.
SACRAMENTO, April .21.— Henry W.
Jamison, representative of the Chicago
Fair Oaks Association, a company of
capitalists, having large interests in this
county, has been missing since April 10.
His friends believe he has met foul play.
Henry W. Jamison Missing.
National League Wins
Its Suit Against Base
man Lajoie.
State ;of. Washington -Is
Permitted to Edj oin
the Railways.
COURT SUSTAINS
RESERVE CLAUSE
DENVER. April 21.— A new record for
a long-distance run up grade was made
on the Burlington road this morning. The
section of passenger train No. 3, with
three cars, pulled by engine No. 279, made
112 miles from Akron to the Denver Union
station in 120 minutes exactly. The en
tire 113 miles is up grade. As the en
gineer was obliged to slow down to a
speed of ten miles an hour on reaching
the city limits, the average speed up to
the city limits was about a mile a minute.
On certain portions of the run this speed
was exceeded. A distance of: 14.7 miles,
from Fort Morgan to Corona, was cov
ered in thirteen minutes. * Conductor
Thomas F. Enright was in charge of tha
train and F. W. Bosworth -was engineer.
Miles in Remarkably
Fast Time.
Colorado Passenger Train Covers 112
MAKES A NEW RECORD
FOR AN UP-GRADE RUN
SUPREME COURT
GRANTS PETITION
' » NOTHER member of the gang of
i\ thugs who murdered Policeman
/\\ Eugene Robinson at Sixteenth
A W and Valencia streets on the
morning of January 21 last will
soon, be locked up In the City Prison
along with the other four— William .Hen
derson, James Courtney, alias "Leadvllle
Jimmle"; Frank Woods, alias "St Louis
Frank," and Louis Kauffman, alias "St.
Louis Fat."
Chief WIttman received a letter yester
day from Sheriff Ed -Lister of Grants
Pass,' Or., Inclosing a photograph of a col
ored man arrested there on. a charge 'of
burglary some weeks ago, who gave the
name of Richard Jackson. The Sheriff
thought from the description ' of
"Brownie," alias "Yellow," In the circular
Second Lieutenant Frank T. McNarney,
Ninth Cavalry, now at Lock Haven, Pa.,
will report for'duty in the Department of
California.
Army orders— First Lieutenant Clark D.
Durley of the FKteenth Cavalry is re
lieved from recruiting duty at San Fran
cisco and ordered to his regiment in the
Philippines.
Washington— Increases — Harvey Sinnett,
Palouse City, $10. - Mexican War — George
H. Brockman, Spokane. $12. Widows—
Lucien B. Niles (.father). Snohomish. $12.
These pensions were granted to-day:
California— Original— Thomas Ferguson,
Veterans' Home, Napa, $12; Thomas D.
Lewis, Forest Hill, $6: George W. Rowell,
Newhall, $8; Sidney D. Hurd, Colma, $6.
Increase— Thomas J. Kettner, San Jose,
J10: Joseph B. Everts, San Jose, J8. Mexi
can War — John Toomes, Salida, $12; John
Fain. Soldiers' Home, Los Angeles, $12.
Widows (war with Spain) — Widow of
Charles A. Armstrong, Cupertino, $14.
Oregon — Original — Adelbert Lashier,
Portland, $6; George M. Baker, Lostine,
pa. Increase— John M. Edwards, Forest
Grove. $12; Sylvester Church, Soldiers'
Home, Roseburg, $12. Mexican War—Wil
liam Trevor (dead), Portland. $12. Widows
(Mexican War)— Bridget Trevor, Port
land. $S.
WASHINGTON. April 21.— Postoffice es
tablished: Washington— Tesla, Chelan
County. Postmasters commissioned: Cal
ifornia—Alexander McLean, Lompoc; Al
fred C. Matheson. Grizzly Bluff. Wash
ington—Charles Jones, Arlington; Maggie
McKee, McKinley; J. Bert Clark, Tesla,
Service and More Nevr Pen
sions Granted.
Several Changes Made in the Postal
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
In response to an inquiry by McComas,
Frye, in charge of the bill, said that no
appropriation had been made tor dredg
ing the harbor at the Annapolis Training
School, because the aggregate appropria
tion carried by the measure was already
large and the committee was of the opin
ion that Annaaolis could wait.
AVarren of \\ yoming felt that a fair ap
propriation ought to have been carried by
the bill for the construction of dams in
the West for the conservation of water
for irrigation purposes, but he yet had
hope that the House would pass the Irri
gation measure passed by the Senate. In
view of the pendency of that bill, he
woud offer no amendment to the pend
ing measure.
Mitchell of Oregon made a statement of
the proposed improvement of the Colum
bia River, reviewing the work already
done looking to that Improvement. He
said that no more important proposition
was involved in the bill than that relat
ing to this improvement and he urged that
the conference committee should insist
upon the amendment inserted in the
measure by the Senate committee. The
bill was passed without further comment.
As no Senator was prepared to-day to
begin debate on the Philippine Govern
ment bill, the measure, after a few min
utes of informal discussion, went over
until to-morrow morning.
WASHINGTON, April 21.— Without a
word, of discussion of the merits of the
measure, the Senate to-day passed the
river and harbor bill, carrying in appro
priations about $70,000,000. So thoroughly
had the bill been considered by the Com
merce Committee that every Senator was
content that it should pass as reported
from the committee.
Question of Irrigation in the
West Is Left to the
House.
The Senate Appropriates
$70,000,000 for Har
bors and Rivers.
PASSES MEASURE
WITHOUT DEBATE
THE SAK FEAIn CISCO .CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 22^ l^Uli.
Police Are Notified That ¦ 4 Brownie,!- Alias
4 'Yellow; .- '. Fifth -Member of ; vthe Gang^of
Thugs; Is in Jail, at ;GrantSr Pass, Oregon
ANOTHER OF ROBINSON 'S
MURDERERS UNDER ARREST
10
OCEAN TRAVEL.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
AJIK'JICAX LIXE.
. NEW YORK. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON
•St. Louis. Apr. 1 30, lOanVSt. Paul.May 14 10 am
Phlladel.May 7. 10 -ajnsSt.Louls.May 21* 10 am
KED STAH LIAE.
NEW .YORK. ANTWERP. PARIS.
7.ecland.".Apr. 30, noonlSouthwrk.May 14 nooa
FrlesIand..May 7, noonl Vaderland.May21. noon
. . INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO. x
CHAS. D. TAYLOR,G.A.P.C.,30 Montgom'y"st
BAY AND . BIVEB ' STEAMERS
FOB U. S. . KAVr YARD AND VAUJEJO?
Steamfirs GEN. FRISBIE or.MONTICELLO
'.i-.io a. m.. S:15 and S:-*>0 p. m.. except Sun-
day. Sunday, 'J:io a. m., S:30 p.;m. Leaves
Vellejo 7 a. m.. J2:30 noon, (j -p. m.. except
Sunday. Sunday. 7 a. m.. 4:15 p. m. Fare 50
cuat. Telephone Main 1508. Landing and
office, pier 2. Mission-street 'dock. HATCH
EROS.
jiamburg-Stmericam
TWIX-SCREW EXPRESS SERVICE
PLYMOUTH-CHERBOURG-HAMBURG
Columbia ...May 8IA. Victoria ...'.May'"'
Deutschland ...May 13lF. Bismarck. ..May
VU1.\.SUIBW 1'ASSENGKR SERV1CK
PLYMOUTH— CHERBOURG— HAMBURG
Moltke May 6|Walderseee .. Mav °0
Patricia .May 13| Pennsylvania.. ! May 2T
Hamburg-American Line, 37 B'way NY
HERZOG & CO.. General Agents for Pacific
Coast, 401 California st., San Francisco.
First class to Havre. $70 and upward. Second
claes to Havre, $15 and upward: GEXFKAL
AGKNCT FOR UNITED STATES and c£3£
ADA, 32 BroaJway building) New
York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents. 6 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco
Tickets told by all Railroad Ticket Agents!
CCKPAG5I2 GENERAL'S TEAN8ATLA.NTlQrjE
tilKECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. -2 "
bailing every Thursday, instead of <Jyfn?5k
£r.turd_y. at 10 a. in., irrim pier 4^ t-Stfas*
North Kiv*r, foot of Morton street.
Cebin. $103; Steerage, $40; Meals Free.
S. S. Argyll Sails Thursday. May I
S. S. Lcetanaw.. Sails Saturday, May 10
From Howard-strret Wharf. Pier 10. at 2 p. m.
Freight and Fassenger Office. .T50 Market st.
F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
TO KEW YORK YIA PANAMA DIRECT.
PANAMA R, R. ZT S
3. D. SPSICKELS k EROS. CO., Gensral Afls., 329 MarlBt
Geh'1 rass. CEce. to Martet Si, Pisr Bo. 7. Pacific si
SS. BONOMA. for Honolulu, Samoa, Auck-
land and Sydney.. Thurs.. May 1 10 a. m
PS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti ; .*.
Sunday. May 4. 10 a. m
SS. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu ...
Saturday. May 10, 2 p. m.
8eeaaie5.5.io, sssss
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO,
Anil Cia Sud Americana de Vapores
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican, Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3, pier 10. 12 m. •'¦•-;-.¦
GUATEMALA.. May lOtCOLOMBIA June °1
PALENA May 31ITUCAPEL July —
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
t«-sl and South American passenger service.
<No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
end psesenirer offW. 31« California street.
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO.. Gen. Agents.
"WEAKNESS.''
—— — ' . . DR. , JOSLEH'S
CERTAIN TEEATMEHT
jffjlShJgr^ A thorough un-
al/ofim'^ \ derstanding. as to
V&FlS \ thc nature of an
&L2W >*J5U»J_J ailment is the
_t25_5i 48m «f flm essential in
fi^^S "9 \| Its successful
uKS <C~J trpatment. n c -
\t-3i _<_£?_.» cause this first es-
%*4K|jMW scntial has been
I e_f<_O lacking those
k f u n c tional de-
\^^^**£gg&a .rangements
/\ I /Nj 1 commonly known
y \ A > ? B "weakness"
/ V*v I \ \ av * never been
/ Y^Jmn \ J P ermaa ently over-
\ fWLj ' Diethods common-
¦ ' 9^n> . ly employed
O. C. JOSLEN. M. IX, among physicians.
The Leading Specialist. "Weakness" is
—————————————————— not a nervous dls-'
order demanding a
tonic system of treatment, but is merelv
a symptom of chronic Inflammation or con-
gestion In ¦ the prostate gland. This con-
dition exist* as a 'result of early dissipa-
tion or some Improperly treated contracted
disorder and requires carefully directed local
measures only. Under my. treatment all
parts of the organic system are quickly
restored to a normal state, which results
In full and complete return of strength and
vlsror.
AH men afflicted with any ailment pe-
culiar to the sex should write for my free
pamphlet. "Live Air Tour Years a Man."
Consultation free at office or by mall
DR. O. C. JOSLEN,
1O49 Market Street,
Diagonally Opposite Hibernla Bank.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First snd Brannan streets, at 1 p. m
lor YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Ilioeo). Nagasaki and Shanghai and con-
tiecting at Hongkong with steamers for India
etc. No cargo received on board on day of
sailing.
SS. NIPPON MARU Friday, May 9th, 1002
£S. AMERICA MARU
Wednesday, June 4th 1902
££. HONGKONG MARU .'.
Saturday. June 28th, 1902
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
. ONLY STEAMSHIP LINE TO
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Line From Portland to All
Points East. Through Tickets to All
Points, all Rail or Steamship and Rail, at
LOWEST __aT_lS.
Steamer Tickets Include Berth and Meals.
6S. COLUMBIA Sails.. .AprU 13. 23. May 3. 13
teS. GEO. W. ELDEE Sails
April 8. 18, 28. May 8
Steamer sail* from foot of Spear St.. 11 a. m
D. W. HITCHCOCK. Gen. Agt.. 1 Mong'y.S. F.
O. R. & N. CO,
643 Market et.. San Francisco.
Or EMPIRE TRANSPORTATION CO.. Fuget
Sound Agent, Seattle, Wash.
NORTHERN COMMERCIAL CO.,
For Freight and Passage Apply to
Leaving Seattle April 26th
iStopping at Unalaska only long enough to
coal.)
feteg-^ NOME
v^^__-4 SA1LINCS -
VlgEHJSP™*™ --j-. FIRET CLASS
\\\ SS. PORTLAND
VA WILL SAIL FOR
NOME direct
LEAVE SEATTLE.
SENATOR JUNE 1
VALENCIA JUNE 7
And fortnightly thereafter during the season.
Steamships CITY OF PUEBLA and QUEEN,
leaving San Francisco May 26 and May 31 re-
spectively, connect with abov* steamers. Th«
new and elegant steamships Senator and Va-
lencia made regular trips to Nome last year.
landing all passengers and freight without loss,
mis-hap or delay. Fcr passenger rates and Nome
folder, apply Ticket Office, 4 New Montgom-
ery street fPalace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents,
10 Market 6t.. San Francisco.
Pacific C<iasf Steamship Co.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
1 Steamers leave Broadwaj
1 gW--.. "Wharf, San Francisco:
£j^§^ Tor Ketchikan. Juneau.
JJ8<a*^— Ekagway. etc.. Alatka— 11 »¦
m.. Arril 16, 21. •-¦«. May 1.
; »^JS^3\*1 Charge to company's 6team-
i itoiSJ*?Sl ers at Seattle.
K&GSS&dSitSf. For Victoria, Vancouver.
•^"^i— _ SJ Port Townsend, Seattle. Ta-
l>l *k coma Everett. New Whit-
_^^>l^-b^fr_?v^y^
F^r Eurekk^cHumboWt^Bay)-!^ p. m..
Ar rnr Los 1 'ir«l« : s''(via a po"rt Los Angeles and
Redondrt! San Diego end Santa Barbara-Spo-
kane Sunday*. 9 a. m.
State of California, Thursdays. 0 a. m.
For Ix» Ar.geles <via San Pedro and K»rt
San Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Cruz Mon-
terev Sac Simeon. Cayuco*. San Luis Obispo
<via* Port Harford>. Ventura. Hueneme and
•Newport ('Santa Cruz only).
CooVBay. 9 a. m.. April 12. 20. 28. May 6.
Santa Cruz. 9 a. m. (freight only). April 16.
" For Ensenada. Mapdalena Bay. San Jo»e del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia Gunyroas <Mex.)— 10 a. m.. 7th each month.
' Fcr further information obtain folder.
Right Is reserved to change steamers or eall-
'^'^T'TCE— * N>" Montgomery
etrwt (Palace Hotel).
GOODALU PERKINS & CO., Gen. Agents.
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
Positively cured by theso
Little Pills.
They also relieve distress from Dys-
pepsia. Indigestion and Too Heart v
Eating. A perfect remedy for Dizzi-
ness. Nausea, Drowsiness. Bad Taste
in the Mouth. Coated Tonsrue. Pain in
the Side. TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
(small Pill. email Dose.
Small Price.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
... ¦ . •- ¦
fiiliiillii HIItHLAND SPBIES A da. HIS
ALWAYS OPEN %»%**** •-*
AND NEVER for a moment think of ALWAIO uri - lN '
rest, or recreation, or pleasure? 'The famous health and pleasure resort of q .
Lake County. Finest waters for the cure of T » .^
AND HOW FOOLISH for those resM- liver kidney, malaria, rheumatism \fiil i 111 1»^
ing in this vicinity, when right at their ™*- STOMACH TROUBLES Every comfort /jlll 11ISl_3
, ,, - , , , , • and amusement. FREE bWIMJIINu TANK, t^J HT fl, Jx U.M 9W *^
door lies the playground, quickly and CROQUET, TENNIS. Rasrulatlon Bowline A1-. W~ (j
cheaply reached. ley. Riding and Driving Horses. Splendid Trips
• In Mountains or Valley. . I A If C rfillNTY CAL
IF YOTJ WILL NOT occasionally give MfiTF QPPPIAI RATCQ LARt *#wwn ¦ i p w«_..
up the daily grind, NU I fc OM . L3.
¦ , •• One person In room, "small hotel".$10 per we«K
__ ____ , ¦ , ¦ * . ,,, ' Two perrons in room, "small hotel".$18 per week . p oa t t j ve cure for Stomach. Liver and Kid-
D0 NOT make your wife and children One person In room. "cotiages"...$U per week A "'"" \ nt wh at I «ay bat what the
continually walk the treadmill, ; Two persons In room "cotta K es" $20 per week ney ™Wei. Not wnat
One person in room. "MAIN HOTEL people say. _ _, .. _._.t.^ ™m •
. i $12 and $14 per week RECOMMENDED BT THE LEADING PHT-
A/T LEAST give them a chance for a Tw ° persons m room, "main hotel."... sicians of CALIFORNIA,
little change of air that will bring some SpeV^iMnducemVn^^Sci^l'Tea^he^or SE ND FOR BOOK OF TESTI_tONIAL3.
color to their cheeks Families desirinc to remain by the month. Elevation. ooOO reel.
. coior to tneir cneeKS. For , llustrated Damphlets> photocraphs and Rate*. $10. $12 and $14 per week.
_>j.l.-l_ . __ . -•„.-, x. analysis of waters call on Tourists' Information : Tickets at S. P. office, foot of Market street,
PERHAPS then you will find time to Bureau, 10 Montsomery, or The Traveler of- d i rect to the Snrlngs:
visit them over Sunday. §*£ /$££££ g Znd Wr Jprin d g r--ke , DR. W. R. PRATHER. Proprietor.
AND FOROET yourself as your chil- S£^L__ _____ ;
dren poke grass down your neck, r\ * f\ f\ r\f\r\t T"f\ fYDRM '
and In your nose, and eyes, and ears. llni IT 1111111 I P Uri-IM «_____ Q
__# ¦¦ ¦ 1 __# I I ___r I l_t A X T t/™^ _______^_____-__— _-i |_j
GET OUT once in a while and romp, | Hi III II I II I I .1 vtttYU n -/ _^ O # I
( I iiuu IIUULLU YEAR Hnrf/pff Snr/nns '
BREAK AWAY and give your family a -^ j^£ DQniGU O//r//7^6 .
chance to get acquainted with you, . |-t| |O tlon for a health and
• • ¦'-¦. * x/lV pleasure resort be- — , ARTLETT WATER WILL HELP YOU
AND CALL or write for _»t= a T ~n__r ****** ° f th « curative O to health and make your vacation _w-
• ****** HP Af Trf Properties of Us mud M we n as pleasant. After a short or
Al___riJLt X 11 and sulphur baths for lons aUy at the popular Springs you will
<*VAr_TiniV IQAO >5 . »-¦ -, . • rheumatism. Insom- wonder how It was possible to feel so well.
VACA1 1UH, lc7UZ> 4 AMTV nia. gout, neuralgia. strong and vigorous.
'. . . _r_llli' \ Hver.kldney and blood R j de> drive, hunt. fish, bowl, dance.
diseases. Has every swim, bathe, walk over mount— la paths.
A little book issued by the CALIlfOR- 1\T T3 A tTTTYC natural advantage for amuse yourselves in hundreds of happy
NIA NORTHWESTERN. RAILWAY PLEAZWKE g^&a^uSS' "^SufSS? gS3ktot?V at 3vTias% .
COMPANY. 'giving Camping Locations, call or Address
Hotels. Mineral Spring. Resorts., and a OTTO E NEVER PrOD. BARTLETT SPRINGS C0»
long list of Country Homes where board "I IV ¦-• ll-T-llj.i-l up» *"
for the Summer can be secured at from C# M> ARNOLD, 640 MarKct, S. F> AjL f^Sr°^\ F.
$6.00 to $8.00 per week. • * *
. i Q O
Ticket offices, 650 Market St. (Chronicle All R f\\! "Water. Climate. ¦
Building), and Tiburon Ferry, foot of I ¦ 1 I \t\\J Trllned CiMT A T ATAI IMA Id AlVn
Market St. General Office, Mutual Life || S ft. 1 1 U 3 . Mass |,^ ¦ SAIllA tAlALIilA JjLAfli/,
Building,; Sansome and . California Sts.. ______-__-___- Huntln"" and Fish- 3# HOUTS from LOS Angeles.
San Francisco. . «ng;. _ Advantaees. attractions and amuse-
¦o -v- -.-tri-vr /-..it, a* HAT I r^ leav «* Thlr-a -jejj^s impossible elsewhere; ninth sea-
, R. X. RYAN, Gen'l Pass. Agt. UllT 2? V- W m en £nS "'« i^n; three months on Catalina Island of
II C WHITING Gen'l Minaeer f| II I p. m . dat?y. our Famous Marine Sand, twenty-five
ii. <~. whuhnvj, uen i Manager. - II V I J t , » - members, ten soloists; most nhenomenai
— ; ; — — I j —____ f or o 5»™P hlet an& flshine and greatest rod and reel records
mi m* m +*****. hot springs bonoma ' ' rates aaaresa known; the Marine Gardens: Glass-bot-
C^_l/?/?C COUNTT- only 4V4 hours ' : *» J - n nnnPOKrw tomed Boats and Aquarium; 'Boating.
0 IV M UUO from san F?ancr s ?o an" « f\ f\ I RIO A D- ROBERTSON, Bathing; Wild Goat Shooting: Delight-'
¦¦;. •., but 0 miles- staging; V U K I PJ I- \. PrDirietor tul Coast Excursions; Fleets of Yachts
waters noted for medicinal virtues; best nat- tTt B I i I I W I I BB - . * r ' u *"'7'- ui ' and Launches; Ideal CamD Life: Com-
ural hot mineral water bath In State: boating w^ t IIIUWV. Gilroy Springs, Cal plete Camp Equipment; Hotels and Cot-
and swimming In "Warm Springs Creek; good ~— * ———————————— tages: Hotel Metropole, modern " conven-
trout streams; telephone, telegraph, daily mail. . — I iencea. electric lights; Golf. Tennis, Bowl-
express and San Francisco morning and. even- mir>itirr>r> iirii 4 &2 1VTiieir> DaticiTi^ etc For furthpi-
ing papers; FIRST-CLASS HOTEL, AND RISINFSS MFN na^tl?ulir«; address 'BAVNTOJ
STAGE SERVICE ; both morning and afternoon P tlO I ll LOO ITI L I* particulars Udrm **fS"S O t_,, a n
utages; round trip from San . Francisco -only At this season, begin to feel the strain of f~*£ 'v r ' wpk TnnrUi • TnVnT^a^P«
»5 50. Take Tiburon ferry at 7:30, a. m. or work and business cares, and look forward ff es ,f m «; n Sr» 5»rt qr»^ tt
3:30 p. m. Sundays 8 n. m. only. Rates $2 to a change that will Insure complete rest. Bureau, 10 Montgomery street, San Fran-
a day or $12 a week. References, any guest attm a CDDIM^C Cisco, Ca 1. ¦ ¦ - ¦»• -v V
of the past seven years. Patronage of 1901 AtlWM orninv<9 , T^~— , ~~ •
unprecedented. Information at San Francisco . "With Its Swimming Tank filled with flMp TAYT (lK HOTEL, camp cottages
office. 121 Phelan bldg. Also at Traveler of- "WARM MINERAL. WATER and its dl- v*mr lAlt-un and grounds, private pic-
flce. 20 Montgomery St., or, of J. F. MUL.- versified attractions, will effect a marvel- nlcs. bowling alley tennis, boating, trout flsh-
GREW. Skaggs. Cal. ous change. ins. telephone. Call at Traveler. 20 Montgoza-
. . 1 : • send for Booklet. ery street. H. G. MARTIN. Proprietor.
.WILBUR HOT SULPHUR SPRINGS, EDWARD L. SANTORP. Manager. yiCHY SPBING&p* mile, from Uklah.
Sulphur Creek. Colusa Co.. Cal.. 26 miles by . XJiV^^Lt^ r^fJ^iSL*^^ 0 Wa ,*f";
¦ian imwt nt vYiiiiamn- fsn \i vintt»mt — — v ¦ me . hi _» ¦— • _««. w w ¦— « »— * i L_T w champagne oaths. Only place In the world of
Er€HJi I^iursT'S CAMP CURRY I sa-r-ftrs juxsssrss s
sia, catarrh. . Natural mud baths New 2-story first in quality of service and attention to J- A. REDEMEYER & CO.. Props.
p^^^T^^^^^JSSm: _^^'»S-_^ B ? ia S_S» J StlS A^^rZ^^ESSFiTSS:
LYTTON SPRINGS.-. YOSEMITE. g^rSxTTt^?^
. Sonoma County. Always open. Finest mln- TTZ — **• ?* nta f 1 } 12 - c * ! - Near Beach. Rates to
cral baths and plunge. No. staging. Every AGUA CALIENTE, families. Information at 10 Montgomery st.
cemfort and convenience. Tiburon ferry. 7:30 Also known as California Hot Springs. So- * r ee ° U8 - -O"S oiat. phone. Fred Barson. Prop.
a. m., 3:30 p. m. Information of DR. HEN- noma Valley. No staging: via C. N. Ry. or S. t-he OAKS a favorite summer resort «n
SLEE. 807 Sutter st. Phone Sutter 2371. Tour- P. R. R. Immense swimming surface. Splendid 1 Bonclfonte drive 5 miles "romSantaCruz*
1st Information Bureau. , 10 Montgomery st, or table. Come Sundays and try it. Round trip daily mail, fishing, home cooking. Address
A. V. MORSE. Lytton. Cal. $1.10. Telephone; . many Improvements: $12 MRS. CZARINA. SMITH MILLS Santa Cruz
; — — ¦ : and $14. THEO. RICHARDS. Proprietor. -— — _. . _. ¦ .
- DiicQiAM Riuep unrci Agua Callente, Cal. . ANNA BALE FARM. SANTA CRUZ
RUSSIAN RIVER HOTEL. MOUNTAINS, cottages and rooms to let. fur-
One mile from famous Bohemian Grove"; KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS nlshed or unfurnished for housekeeping. H.
>^r4i^S?2^&§ !S ffSf ° tt J - BKEQ-a-C-y. U. Gatos Postotfic^ cS
mllk, cream and best of everything. Address t 5? M jfe SSii m^™'? dfV ttSnto lu GARDEN CITY SANITARIUM. San Jose. Cal.
C. F. CARR, Manager, Russian River station. Sf^ 9 ' call Traveler O%ee»5'Montiomert If One of the e 1 u| Pl>« d «> n the coast. Every
via Duncans Mills. Cal. : . i II „ j^£«i v-n*n\t Tmrvf' KpV^kSiAi™ 1 . variety of water treatment, electricity, mas-.
— — — — county Cal^ Beswlek. Slsklyou gage. X-ray. Write for literature.
WHITE COTTAGES. . ,U_J«-_ T — -^--. -_ .-^ — Ml- SA , N Francisco rancho--thi9
Howell Mountain; altitude 2000 feet: air HOT PI RON — AIR *»» homelike resort is located in the Santa
pure and dry; delightful family resort; dally nv/I----l-»V^l^ i~V I 1 I y Crua Mountains. 6 miles from Capitola. Good
mall; croquet: bowling: social hall; $8 per pnee 1/ A / / WY tableboard, hunting and fishing. Address E.
week. -Write MRS. J. «. GOETSCHE; Ang- .fT«_»_»~» V MM-L.C M „ • . -. D. WEBB. Soquel. Cal.
win. Cal. i J. E. MANLOVE & WIFE (formerly Mr*, -./'ivrs bam P u_. r,- _,„.. -^ ~ Z
— — . ,•••¦¦-.- ¦• .... ' Leach). Proprietors. K^^tlS^agiSet: SdwfS£
EL BONITO HOTEL 1~- : " : Hunting, fishing. Terms, $10 a week; family
' &fc " O^fllV nUICU. "RffnOKmDF 1 ' »»«•• Address WM. KING, Cazadero.
/"The largest and beat appointed hotel in Rus- OiX «_»«_» rX^MUC. v v -" aaero -
«lanR«-er Valley. Excellent hunting. • fishing Most beautiful resort house in Napa Valley; rjRAND CENTRAL HOTEL. GuernavUla.
HOUN, Prooriotor, Duncans Mills, Cal. G CULLER? Cal Utoga!^ g and fishers. Add. F." PLATH. Guemevllle. C-?
- : _____ _ A WEEK'S news for 5 cents The Weekly Call
San^ O aTe E o^C^ T l! O not\ D nd1 r °ir^ G m^^^ HO! FOR BLUE LAKES ! » Pages, in wrapper for mall.ng: $X W
'^*%3^^^i&Tii3^ uM_£^ffi-Sa l -^ STAGE i^nes __in> xivebies.
&bi^£^is0%&M r^SS^&S^iB^ iTreranT^s^E^i^^^
SPAULDING. Proprietors. O. WEISMAJT. MldlaKe. J^aKe County. Cal. __ redwoods to the ocean. Hayward's. Wurr"i
— — — __ __ — -.— _:*'_; _„_._,._ Bellvale. Pigeon Pt. and Santa Cruz. But R.
THE CEYSERfi * •;¦: CONOR ESS SPRINGS. R. tickets to Redwood City. 9 a. m. ¦ trald, 3d
(Sonoma Cou"^) NeJ mtnilement: room, A charming le-or^ta the Santa Cruz Mts.: A^'wALfraR'K^OHT^lSwSfcify Ca?
plastered and hard finished; new furniture; 2 hours from San Francisco; delightful di- »ali_« rmmni. neawooa city. Cal.
lew, private bathhouse; hunting, fishing j ear mate; swimming and all sports: table unsur- 1>ESCADERO— San Mateo and Pescaduro
.round: white help only; best ; livery -.cooking passed: best mineral water on^the coast; open J~sta_e line, via Halfmoon Bay and San
specially, supervised by manager. See pamphlet! all the year. A. S. OLNEY. Manager. Gregorlo. dally all year: twice a day to Half-
¦ ¦ - . ; : : : : moon Bay. Lvs. San Mateo 10 a.m.& 4:15 p. m.
HOTEL DE REDWOOD, i '¦''' -i> -V THE PURISSIM A HOUSE. pjASHION STABLES. UKIAH AND Wl£I
SANTA CRUZ MTS. Among the grand old Near ..the ocean. Fishing in only mountain * lits— Tourists. . campers, hunters, write J.
trees; board $8 and $10 a week; fare, return trout stream in San Mateo Co. Long distance «• Smith, Lkiah. Smith & Taylor. Wllllts. fo»
.ticket, $2 50. Send for circular to M. S. COX, phone. $2 per day, $8 week. C. P. MOSCONI. any kind of a turnout.
Laurel, Santa Cruz County.^ Prop.. Purlsslma. San Mateo Co.. Cal. p ILROY Fash!on Livery; good service- reaai
HOTEL EL MONTE, FOREST HOTEL, \ qTLto* "' T^'
b,,Vi n c d e e s r ,. »St_nsrr^^ N -?5_.^ for aiu^d s^ii^ss^s^ss^^ BwlS 7C,' usual terms; Bakers' -Extras, $3 tO@3 60:
Oregon. $2 75©3 25 per ' barrel for. family • and
$3®3 80 : for Bakers'; Washington- Bakers', $3
<jjf3 50. • ¦
h MILLSTUFFS — Prices in sacks . are as : fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: - Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $3; Rye Meal,
$2 75; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal, $3 25; extra
cream do. $4; Oat Groats, $3 25; Hominy, $4«
4 25; Buckwheat Flour. • $4 5004 75: Cracked
Wheat, $3 50; Farina. $1 60; Whole-Wheat
Flour. $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels). $7 :!5@9; in
sacks, $6 85@8 B0; Pearl Barley, $5 60; Split
Peas. $5 60; Green Peas. $6 60 per 100 lbs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras,' $3 60®
Flour and Millstuffs.
There was a fair-sized flurry in oats early.
Near the close there was a rush to unload
and May closed easy, %c down,, at 42%c.
Provisions suffered a further decline anil
closed weaker than for many 'days. Large
hog rfcCeiDte, lower prices at the yards -and
selling by packers and scalpers were the bear
ish factors. May pork closed 17%c lower, lard
10c lower and rits 15c lower.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
. Wheat No. 2 — .
May 75 75% 74% 74%
July 76% 7«i§ 75% 76 %
September • 75% 76% 74% 75%
Corn No; 2 — •
May ,'.... 62% 62% 61% ei%
July J.... 62% 62% 62y* 62%
September . 61% 61% . 61% 61%
Oats No. 2— ' '
May 43*4 . 43V4 . 42% 42%
July (old) 36% 36% 35% 35%
July (new) 37% 38 37% 37%
September (old). 32 32 31% 31 ff
September (new) 33% 331$ • 33V4 33%
Mess Pork, per bbl — . ' .
May 10 72% 16 77% 16 72% 16 72%
July. 16 45 16 60 16 42% 16 42%
September .....16 62% 16 75 16 60 16 62V4
Lard, per 100 lbs— . n
May 9 70 9 70 0 65 9 65
July .9 80 0 80 9 75 » 77Vi
September 9S7%9 92%985 9 85
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs — ,
May 9 02% 0 05 8 97% 8 97%
July 9 20 9 27% 9 15 9 15
September ..... 9 27% 9 27% 9 22% 9 25
. Cash quotations were ( as follows. Flour
steady; No. 3 spring wheat, 73%@74%c; No. 2
re-a, 83Vi@83%c; No. 2 yellow corn, 62%c- No
2 oats, 44c; No. 2 white. 44%^46c; No. 8 white
44V 4 @45%c; No. 2 rye. 68%@59c; fair to choice
malting barley Cfi@68c; No. 1 flaxseed. $1 68-
No. 1 Northwestern, $1 79; prime timothy seed'
$i{ 8&@6 90; mess pork, per bbl, $16 40m6 45 ;
lard, per 100 lbs, $9 C5®0 70; short ribs sides
(loose), $8 »5@9 10; dry salted shoulders (box
ed). 7%®"?ic; short clear sides (boxed), $0 55®
0 05; clover, contract grade, $8. ¦ - -. -
Articles— : Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 10,000 10.000
Wheat, bushels ......42,000 10.000..
Corn, bushels 87,060 ¦' 419 000 '•
Oats, bushels .195,000 249,000
Rye. bushels 4,000 " '
Barley, bushels ........... . 23,000 •': • : V 6,000,
On tbe Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market .was weak; creameries, 24®27%c; dal-
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— May— 4000
ctls, 91V4C. , r ¦
Second Session — No sales. |
Regular 1 Morning Session — December— 4000
ctls. 78%c; 2000, 78%c A
Afternoon Session— May — C000 ctls, 90c; 3000.
8f>%c; 4000. 89 %c: 2000. 89%c. v
OATS — There are ¦ more samples showing on
the Produce Exchange and the demand amounts
to nothing. ; The cash demand at Chicago Is
good and Improving, "with prospects of higher
prices unless it rains very soon.
Grays. $1 30@l 40; whites. $1 30@l 45; Sur
prise. $1 40@l 45;. black, $1 12%@1 32%; red.
$1 30(91 42% per ctl.: ... ,. •
CORN— The market continues sluggish and
weak "at previous prices. Chicago reports a
good and improving cash demand. .
Large fellow, $1 3Ji@l 45; small round do
$1 S5@l 47%; white, $1 4001 60 per ctl.
RYE — Quoted at 90@95c per ctl.
\ BUCKWHEAT— Quoted ; at . $1 65@1 75 per
cti. ¦¦- -/; •. :. : ¦.¦•-• ; ;--\.' ;. ¦ .-: - -..¦¦
CALL BOARD SALES,
Informal Beynion— 9:15 o'clock— December—
2000 ctls. $1 08V4. May— 4000, $1 11%.
Second Session— May-^OOO ctls, $1 11% ; 2C00.
$1 11V4; 2000, $1 11. ; December— 2000, $l-0S%;
8000, $1 0S%. ¦ : ' , ' , ¦ . .
Regular Morning Session— May— 6000 ctls.
$1 11. December— 30.000, $1 08%; 2000, $1 08%.
Afternoon Session-- May— 2000 ctls, $1 ny,;
2000. $1 11%; 16,000, $1,11%.' December— 8000,
$1 08%. ¦ -
BARLEY— The market continues neglected
and dealers are complaining of the extreme
slowness of trade. - " ¦ .
Feed, 95c for No. 1 and 92%@93%c for
off grades; brewing and shipping grades, 97 %o
©$1; Chevalier. $1@1 20.
CALL BOARD SALES.
WHEAT — Liverpool futures were higher and
Paris futures lower. The world's shipments
for the week were as follows, in quarters: Rus
sian, 169,000; Argentine, 135.000; Indian, 29.000;
Australian. 6000. The English visible supply
decreased 1,S20,000 bushels and the American
decreased 2,332,000. .
Chicago bobbed about a good deal and was
nervous and unsettled on predicted rain. There
were light showers in • the Ohio Valley and
Illinois, but none anywhere else. All over the
Southwest the weather was cloudy, with tem
peratures ranging from U0 to 100 degrees, with
blgh winds. The trade was Inclined to await
the result of the extensive area of low barom
eter covering .the whole West. The undertone
was firm on fresh reports of serious damage In
the Southwest and considerable export business
in hard winter and Duluth spring. Kansas re
iterated Its previous assertions that It would
not raise over half a crop. The Southwest
were good sellers, however.
In this market futures were slightly lower,
but spot quotations remained unchanged.
Spot Wheat — Shipping, $1 11 V4; milling,
$1 12%®1 15 per ctl.
CHICAGO, April 21.— Trade in, wheat had a
nervous strain. At the opening there was a
rush toward the weather map and when /only
a few scanty showers were shown to have fall
en since Saturday there was an opening bull
ish sDUrt. Considering the fact that the en
tire wheat belt was dry — even drier than be
fore — the early trade was tame. May opened
%@-%c higher at 75@74*ric Then came pre
dictions that' the hot and unseasonable blasts
In the West would have some small relief by
showers, and selling set in. Gossip had it
also that the Wall-street crowd ,was selling
heavily in order to keep prices down and cre
ate an impression on the stock exchange that
the wheat crop ' was in no danger. May slid
eff to 74V8@f4y lC before the decrease "f
2,H70,000 bushels in . the visible supply came
to the relief of the bulls and started covering
Weather reports ware conflicting and kept the
talent cutfi^inr. Late In the day May had a
rally and closed steady, a shade up, at 74 %@
Corn trade was small and had no prominent
features. The market was Inclined to follow
wheat until near the close, when the market
turned heavy. May close V t @%c lower at
01 %c.
NEW YORK, April 21.— This was another
day of very active and varied speculation in
stocks, but the campaign for the advance re
ceived a rather severe check. The day started
off with indications of a repetition of the suc
cuEsful tactics adopted last week, of heavy
buying at some new points to effset ' realizing
at oihei-8. It fo happened, however, that the
stocks in which realizing was attempted —
namely, the Western and Pacific stocks — were
acutely depressed by the threat of harm to the
crop* and by the leave granted to the State
of Washington to file a suit in the United
Staties Supreme Court against the Northern
teecurltles Company. The leadera of the
campaign for the advance recovered their po-
Mtion to some extent late in the day by a
vigorous buying movement in Kout!.rn Pa
cific up to HUrt. and in Reading and Manhat
tan, which were lifted, respectively, 4% and
3% over Saturday. This induced a general
covering movement In the whole market and
ttarted substantial rallies, which materially
reduced the losses, but still left prices gen
erally below Saturday. The setback came In
the face of promising auspices for the ad
vance. The Louisville incident seemed to
have convinced some of the large Eastern bank
ing Interests that the time was ripe for an
advance, although they had been inclined to
deprecate the movement Inauirurated by West
ern capitalists at premature, on account of
the unformed prospects for the crop. The
Eteamshlp merger was accepted as additional
indication or the confidence Of large capital in
continued prosperous conditions. The results
of the day's operations in the market showed
the Importance of tbe outcome of the crop
situation. Tbe report* of hot winds In the
winter wheat belt did not eeem to affect the
grain market, perhaps owing to the large long
interest in the market, but the simple recital
of the temperatures touched at points In Ne
braska, Missouri and Kansas was sufficient to
caube a reflection of anxiety in the stocks of
the roads running through that region. TKe
weekly statistics of railroad traffic reporting
a decline in the merchandise movement to ihe
Southwest was regarded as corroboration of
the threat of harm to the crops. Scattered
reports of showers may have had something
to do with the late rally In the market. . The
leave granted to the State of Washington to
file fuit against the Northern Securities Com
pany is what was refused to the State of
Minnesota in the previous attempt. The ques
tion of the legality of the company is now
felt to be «tart*4 toward a judicial decision.
There ia enough doubt over tne outcome of the
tult to serve a-s an unsettling influence, the
more bo in view of the additional projects now
known to be on foot and dependent upon the
settlement of this questlto.
An incident of the day was the demoraliza
tion an the bilver market, which carried eilver
bullion to BOVrC an ounce, compared with the
jjreviocs low record of 51V«c on September 1.
ltB)7, when Japan adopted the gold standard.
The clump is ta.14 to be due to selling by
China as a necessary incident to the payment
of the indemnity to the powers.
The market closed active and about steady.
The heavy selling of Union Pacific convert
ible bondg was the feature of the bond mar
ket. Total sales. ?6.585.OOO.
United Statex bunds were all unchanged on
the last call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
¦\ \ . Sales. IJlrh. Low. Clos».
Atchijson 71.300 83% 81% M't
Atchison pfd 15.800 1OO »8% OTVj
Bait & Ohio 14,300 109ft 107% 106%
Bait & Ohio pfd... 500 »6 5*6 05%
Canadian Pacific... 34.100 120% 126% 127ft
Canada Southern .. 11,100 01% 8»Vi fc9?i
CTitsap & Ohio «.100 l 48 47 47%
Chi & Alton 7.000 39*4 37% 3«
Chi & Alton pfd ... 1.200 77% 76% 76%
Chi Ind 61 Louis... 8.O00 66 64% <!5%
Chi Ind &L pfd... 3.OO0 80 79% 80 i
Chi & E Illinois 16.1 I
Chlcaeo & G W... 9.100 26% 25 25l»
New York Stock Market.
Provisions.
' Chicago was heavy, with some outside sell
ing.' The ; San , Francisco market was dull and
unchanged, though some < cutting was- reported.
CURED MEATS — Bacon, 13c per ib for
heavy, 13%c for light medium, 14%c for ljght,
15c for- extra, light and 18c for sugar-cured;
F.»Etern sugar-cured Hams, 14®14%eJ California
Hams, 13%@14c; Mess Beef, $9@9 50 per bar
rel; extra Mess. $10(310 60; Family, $11 (fin 5u;
prime Mess Pork, $16; extra clear, $23;
Mess $18 50@19; Dry Salt Pork. $11 5U&12 5U;
Pig Pork. $25; Pigs' Feet. $4 75: Smoked Beef,
13%®14c per lb. ? .
, LARD— Tierces quoted at 8V4c per Ih for
compound and ll*i@J.2c for pure; half barrels,
pure, 12V4c; 10-lb tins, 12%c. 5-lb tins. 12"4c;
8-lb tins. .12*>ic. '.;•'¦. . ¦ . - -.
¦ ¦ COTTOLENE— One half-barreli 10 Vic: three
half-barrels. 10c-.' on« tierce," 9%c; two tierces,
9%c; five tierces. 9%c per lb. ¦ ¦¦ " - .-
Hides, Tallow, Wool" and Hops.
- HIDES ; AND SKINS— Culls and . brands - sell
about , J %c under \, quotations. Heavy salted
Steers. ' 10% c; medium, 0@»%c; light, 8®8%c:
Cow Hides, 9c for heavy and 8@8%c for light;
Stags, 6@6%c; Salted Kip. S@8%c; Salted Veal,
U@U%c; Salted Calf, 10c; Dry Hides. 16c: Culls,
14c;-: Dry 'Kip, 13c;- Dry. Calf. 18c ;' Culls - and
Brands. 15c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 20@d0c
Local stocks and bonds were" extremely dull,
sales being very small, while the oil stocks
showed a - pronounced falling oft in business.
The street railroad . strike did not produce a
ripple in the United Railroads' stocks and
bond?, quotations showing merely the .frac
tional variations which occur every day. Spring
Valley Water was somewhat lower at $91 75 In
the morning, but recovered to $92 25 In the
afternoon.
¦ Peerless OH will pay a dividend of 6c on tho
first.
The following were ex-dividend: California
Powder, $1; Spring Valley Water Company,
monthly, 42c per share, amounting to $58,800.
California Fruit Canners' Association, regu
lar monthly, 60c per share, amounting - to
$17,109 60. "* v
The following quotations for the United Rail
roads of S*n Francisco were received yester
day from New York by Bolton, De Ruyter &
Co. : ¦ Common stock, $25 75@26; preferred
$62 37%@62 62%; 4 per cent bonds, $90 25094
subscriptions, $101 87%@102 25. '
STOCK AND BOXTD EXCHANGE.
MONDAY, April 21—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS. -\ :
'< " ' - - ' I Bid. Ask. I.- ¦ .- - ' Bid Ask
4s qr coup..lllVill2 i<s qr c (new)139V4139%
4s qr Teg...lUV4111% 3s qr coup./. 109 %110
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala" A W 5a. 90 . — : Oc SS Co 6s. — 100
Bay CPC 5s.l07% — Omnibus 6s. — _
Cal-st 5s 117 — Pac G Im 4s 96$il00Vi
C Costa 5s.. 110% — Pk & CH 6s. 107 -Z.
Ed L & P 6s. — — Pk & OR 6s. 117 120
Fer&C H «s. — 123 Pwl-st R 6s. —
Ueary-st 5s.: — — Sac EGR 5s.l02%103'
H C&S 5%s. .— — SF & SJVos. — 121 11
Do 5s .98 101 Sierra Cal 6s — lisil
L Ang R 5S.11SV4119VS S P of A 6s
L A L Co 6s. 103 105 (1909) ... .113U114
Do gtd 6s. — — ' (1910) 11454
Do gtd 5s.lO2% — S P of C 6s
L A & P 5fl.lO2% — . (1006)Sr A.106% —
Do lem 5s. 102% — (l«O5)Sr B.107%
Mkt-st C 6s. — 130 (1906) 109 110
Do lem 53.121 121% (1912) ....119^121
N R of C 68.112 — S P of C 1st
Do 6a ....120%121V4 cgntd5s..l20 —
N Pac C 5s. 109% — ' Do stmpd.lllK
N R Cal 5S.114V4 — SP Br CaI6a +-- _
Oak Gas 5s I — 114 S V Wat 6s. — 111«
Oak. Trn 6s, 124- Do -4s 2dm. — 103*4
Do 1st c5s. — 115% Do 4s 3dm. — 102V?
Oak W G 6s. 103 — ¦ Stkn G&E«s.lO2 104.
¦ : WATER STOCKS. .' :
Contra Costa 77 77% [ Port Costa.. 63% 66'
Marin Co 60- — I Spring Val.. 82 92%
GAS AND ELECTRIC, v .
Cent L & P. 2% — Pac Light.. ..45 : *—
Eqt G L Co. 3Vi 3% Sac E GAR. — 35
Mutual ..... — 4Vi S F G & E.. 44% 45
O G L & H. 69% 60ii S F G L Co. 5V4 —
Pac G Imp.. 30% 37V4'Stktn G & E. 8
. INSURANCE.
Firem's Fnd. — — / - ;
BANKS.
Amer B & T.105 112% First Natlonl — —
Anglo-Cal . . — 91 L P & A 167 —
California ..425 . — Mer Kx (llq) 18%
Cal Safe Dp.119% — S F Natlonl.l4o' —
; SAVINGS BANKS. . .
German . . ..2000 — j Sav & Loan. — 95
Humboldt . . — — I Security Sav.330 375
Mutual Sav.. 80 — I Union Trst.1825 —
8 F Sav U..52O -r- 1
STREET RAILROADS. •
.California ..170 175 I Market .....100 —
Geary — 60 IPresidlo 35 —
POWDER. '
Giant 79 79% IVIgorit ..*... 3 Zy.
SUGAR.
Hana ...... 3% 4 (Kllauea .... — . 0%
Hawaiian ..33 — Makawell .. 23V4 24
Honokaa ... 10% 11%'Onomea :... 23 — ,
Hutchlnson . 12 12*»iiPaauhau ... 10% 12W
MISCELLANEOUS. .
Alaska Pack. 161 v 162% Pac A F A.. 2« _'
Cal Fruit As. 102% 103 V4i Pac C Borx.ie5
Cal Wine As.100%101% Par Paint... 19 _
. Oceanic S Co 3O}4 31%I
Morning Session. '. _.
Board —
60 Hutchlnson S P Co 12 50
70 Oakland Gas eo 00
2 Spring Valley Water 01 75
$2000 Sierra Railway of Cal Os.. 115 00.
Afternoon Session.
Board — " .
4 California Fruit Canners ..103 00
10 Equitable Ga» 3 TTi£
90 Oakland Gas 60 00
40 Bprlng Valley Water.. 02 25 '
$5000 S P Br R R 6s.... 139 2 5
¦V PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANQE.
•' .';?'.< - Morning Session..
Board— : .
1000 Cala-Standard 21
50 Home ...'i .-. 370
2100 Occidental or -W Va 20
2500 Sovereign 35
100 Sterling (s 90).............. 1 taij
1000 Sterling (cash) 1 C5
Afternoon Session; * • .
Board— .
100 Cala-Standard '. 21
1000 Giant;....-.-...;......... ao
; '50 Kern ....¦..;......... 4 90 .
100 Monte Cristo .'.....v.. 1 42%
-'25 Peerless .¦..:............;. 7 00 '
1000 PetroUum Center ................ 14- I
• 420 Sterling 163 I
EASTERN MARKETS.
Silver dropped sharply to 50%c, said to be
the lowest . record point for this metal. The
previously lowest quotation was 51V4c in Sep
tember, 1807. The London price yesterday was
23 15-16d, against a lowest record quotation of
23%d in September, 1897. 1 -The causes of the
present drop are dull times In India, the very
small French and Russian" 1 demand, the 'un
settled condition of the Chinese market and the
discontinuance of the Spanish purchases for
coinage, while the large production all over the
world is going along just the same.
Exchange remains undisturbed. .,
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 86
Sterling Cables, sight ...:;. — - 4 88%
Sterling Cables ................. 4 S9%
New York Exchange, sight — 15
New York Exchange, telegraphic — ;« 17% •
Silver, per ounce ..:";.... — ' 50%
Mexican Dollars, nominal..... ..— 45%
..Wheat and Other Grains.
Exchange and Bullion.
WASHINGTON.
\ TACOMA. April 21.— Wheat nominal; un
changed; blue stem, 66c; club, 65c.
OREGON,
PORTLAND, April- 21.— Wheat nominal;
Walla Walla, 65@e5%c; blue stem, 60@66%c.
Northern. Wheat- Market.
STOCK MARKET.
The pressure has risen steadily over the
Pacific Slope and conditions are more favorable
for settled fair weather. Over Utah and Ari
zona and eastward to the Rocky Mountains
stormy weather prevails. Snow has fallen In
Northern Arizona and the hlshest temperature
reached during the day, at Flagstaff, has not
been above the freezing point. Light showers
have been reported at Lcs Angeles, San Diego
and at Phoenix.
Over Eastern Arizona and New Mexico there
has been a fall of over 20 degrees In tempera
ture.
Eaf t-bound tra\-elers over the southern routes
may expect unseasonably cold weather. '
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, April 22, 1902:
Northern California — Fair Tuesday; fresh
•westerly winds.
Southern California — Fair Tuesday; wanner;
light northerly wind.
Nevada — Fair Tuesday; warmer; brisk west
erly wind.
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Tuesday;
fresh westerly wind.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE,
Forecast Official.
FORECAST.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND < GENERAL
NEW YORK. April 21.— FLOUR— Receipts,
28.610 barrels; exports, 10,259 barrels; unsettled
but steady, with fair trade. '
WHEAT— Receipts, 140.000 bushels; exports,
120,296 bushels; spot steady; No. 2 red, 87%c
elevator; No. 2 red, SS^ic f. o. b. afloat; No. 1
Northern Duluth. 84% c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1
Lard Manitoba, SV&c f.o. b. afloat. 'Openlny
higher on a dry weather map, wheat experi
enced a setback under rain predictions and vig
orous short selling, after which It more than
recovered on a large visible supply decrease,
failure of rains to materialize and a demand
from the shorts near the close. Prices receded
slightly and were finally %c higher. May
80 7-16@iil%c. closed 81%c; July, 80 9-16c@
81%c. closed 81V*c; September. 80@81c. clo«ed
80%c; December, 81%©82%c. closed 82%c.
WOOL — Quiet.
HIDES— Firm.
COFFEE— Spot Rio, quiet; No. 7 invoice
5 7-16c; mild, quiet; Cordova. 8®12c. Futures
closed steady, net unchanged to 5 points higher
Total sales. 39,300 bags, including: May 4 85
@4.U0c; June. 5c;' September, 5.25®5.30c; Octo
ber, 5.35c; December, 5.50c; January, 5 60--
March, 5.70c. . /'
SUGAR — Raw. steady; fair refining, 2%c
centrifugal, 90 test, 3«4c; molasses sugar 2^«c
DRIED FRUIT.
Evaporated apples firmer in tone and the
movement for jobbing account was quite active
State, common to good, 7@8%c; prime, 9V»®
9V4c; choice, 9%@10c; fancy,- 10%@llc.
Prunes, steady; apricots, steady and firm,
and peaches In good demand and firm without
change.
PRUNES— 3%®6%c.
APRICOTS— Royal, 10%@13c; Moorpark. 10
@12c.
PEACHES— Peeled, 14@18c; unpeeled, S@llc
FRUITS— Apricots, 0@10c . for Royals and
10® 13c for , standard to .fancy Moorparks;
Evaporated Apples, 8®0e; ' tun dried,* 6c;
Peaches, 6V4@8ftc; Pears. 6@9c: 'Plums,' pitted,
6®oc; unpltted, 1%@2%c; Nectarines, 5%@6c
for red and 5%@Uc for white; rigs, 4%o for
b!ack and 5%@Cc for. white. J
' ¦ PTMINES — 1U01 crop are quoted as follows:
30-40*8. 6V4@6%c; 40-50's. 5@5Vic; SO^O's. 4%
@4%c; 60-70' s,4@4 Vic; 70-80's. 3%@3%<J; 80
oO's, 3@»V!c; 90-100' s, 2%@2%c per lb.
RAISINS — Seeded, 3-crown, So; 2-crown, 6V4
@7%c; Loose Muscatels, 6Hc for 4-crown and
6 Vic for seedless; 3-crown, 6c; 2-crown, 5%c;
Seedless Sultanas, 5%c for unbleached and 7@
8%c for bleached. Clusters — Imperials, $3; De
hesa, $2 50: Fancy. $1 50; London Layers,
$1 25@1 35. ......
NUTS— Walnuts, No. 1 softshell, ll%c; No.
2, 6%@7%c; No. 1 hardshell, 9c; No. 2. 7c;
Almonds, 10%@12c for papershell. 9@10c for
soflshell and 0@7c for hardshell; Peanuts, 6@7c
for Eastern; Brazil Nuts, 12^12%c; Filberts,
12(312%c; Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts, $3 B0@5.
HONEY — Comb. ll®12c for bright and fi@Ilc
for light amber; water white extracted, 5@
5%c: light amber extracted, 4@4%c; dark, 4c.
BEESWAX— 27% ©20c per lb.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
At the orange auction prices were lower
owing to the large offerings and the poor qual
ity of some of the stock. . Nine cars were sold
as follows: Fancy Navels, $2 10@2 65; choice
do, $160@2 50; standard do. 60c@$l 85: choice
Seedlings, $1 25@1 65; standard do, 40c@?l. In
the open market three cars wore received and
prices were unchanged, although - the feeling
waa easier, owing to the large offerings at the
auction. . .• :
One car of Lemons came in and the market
was well supplied with all grades. At the
auction fancy stock sold at $1 50S-1 85.
Bananas were firm under limited supplies of
ripe Btock and a steady demand. There was
nothing new *ln Apples.
Strawberles were in light receipt. Long
vorths sold for 50@85c and Mallndas at 40c
per drawer. -Eighteen chests came in. . . '
APPLES — $2&2 25 per box for extras, $1 25
@1 75 for good to choice and 60c@$l for or
dinary.
CITRUS FRT" ITS — Navel Oranges, $l@l 75
for standard. $2@2 50 for choice and $2 50®3
for fancy: extra fancy, $3 25@3 40; Seedlings,
$1 25@2; Mediterranean Sweets, $1 50@2; Va
lencia's, $2 75®3; Malta Blood Oranges, $2
@3; Tangerines, in quarter boxes, 75c@$l
and $1 25@1 CO in half boxes; Lemons, 75c@
$1 for common and $1 25@$1 75 for good to
choice and $282 50 for fancy; Grape Fruit, $1
@3. including- seedless: Mexican I.lmes. ?4 f>os$
5; Bananas. $2 25@3 per -bunch for New Or
leans and $1 25@2 25 for Hawaiians; Pineap
ples. $3@4 per dozen.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Butter remained unchanged, with ample
supplies and continued heavy receipts. The
third car was made up for the "East, but it was
thought to be the last for this account, as the
Nev York market made a further decline of
3c. The local demand Is not sufficient to have
absorbed the current heavy receipts, and the
rtcent shipments East have helped things out
materially. . Portland ' continues . to undersell
this market" on the Sound, hence shipments to
that outlet are steadily falling off. Yester
day's steamer took out 7404 pounds.
. There is nothing new in Cheese. Stocks are
heavy and the market is weak.
Eggs remain as previously quoted. \A car —
400 cases — arrived from the East, something
which has not occurred for some little time.
Buying in the country for cold storage is said
to be falling off, and while strictly fine large
ranch are quoted steady, the medium and
lower grades are plentiful 'and weak.
Receipts were 76,300 pounds and 104 tflbs of
Butter, 1670 cases of Eggs, 400 cases Eastern
Eggs, -iS)o0 pounds California Cheese and
pcunds of Eastern Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamery, 10@20o per pound for
fancy, 18@18%c for firsts and 17%c for sec
onds; dairy, lti@18c; store Butter, 14@15c per
pound. ' -
CHEESE— New, »@10c; old. 9@llc; Young
America. s@10c: Eastern, 13@15c'per pound.
EGGS— Ranch. 14@15c. with 16c for selected
large; store, 12%@14c per dozen.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs
TACOMA. April 21.— Clearings, $230,047; bal
ances. $37,890. ¦ • \
PORTLAND, April 21. — Clearings, $513,375;
balances. $81,401.
SPOKANE, April 21.— Clearings, $269,282;
balances, $71,682. ' .
' SEATTLE. April 21,— Clearings, $465,320;
balances, $13,131.
Northern Business.
New York Grain and Produce.
; OREGON.
Flour, qr sks... 8,980! Potatoes, sks... 8,121
Oats, ctls.. 2,0401 Onions, sks 17
/ - FOR MONDAY. ADrll 21.
Flour, qr sks... 7.537 Hay, tons .. 424'
Wheat, ctls...... 03,271 Tallow, ctls
Barley, ctls.... 14,505 Pelts, bdls... ... 640
Oats, ctls 2.260 Hides. No 387
Corn, ctls 600 Quicksilver, flks. 79
Potatoes, sks... 1,030 Leather, rolls... 49
Bran, sks 1,100 Wine, gals 48,200
Middlings, sks.. 560 Lime, bbls 1S2
Wool, bales 993 Sugar, ctls 500
Receipts of Produce.
NEW YORK. April 21.— The visible supply of
grain Saturday, April 10. as complied by • the
New York Produce Exchange, Is as follows:
Wheat — 14.258,000 bushels, decrease 2,332,000
Corn — 2,662.000 bushels, decrease 324,000.
Oats — 3,114.000 bushels, increase CO. 000.
Rye — 11.804,000 bushel*, decrease 120,000
Barley — 1,365,000 bushels, Increase 187,000
Available Grain Supply.
ley. lots 138 and 13S. Gift Map 1; $10.
San Francisco Savings Union to same, same,'
quitclaim deed; $10.
Charles A. Bennett to same. same, quit
claim deed: *5.
Delevan B. and Mary L. Bowley to Joseph
Ahlbach. same: $10.
Jacob and Llna Heyman to Henry Smith,
lot on SE • line of Louisbersr street. 90 NE of
Mount Vernon. NE 50 by SB 103:6. lots 21
and 22. San Miguel Homestead, quitclaim)
deed: ?10.
I William MeDermott to Elizabeth McGlynn.
lot 141, Gift Map 3; $10.
Builders'- Contracts.
Charles M.- Ingram (owner). • with - Denks
Bros, (contractors), architect . none — All work
for a S-storv frame bulldin*- ' (threw flats) on
E line of Stelner street, 90:2U S of Washing
ton. S 37 :« by E 106:3; total. $10,690.
George H. Luchslnger. Mrs. A. L. Summer.
hayes. Mrs. A. Goodrich and Mrs. R. A. Buck
ingham (owners), with Fred C. C. Anderson
(contractor). Meyer & O'Brien architects —
Brick work, cementing and settln*- of terra
cotta for a 5-story and basement brick hotM
building on S line of Eddy street. 75 E of
Mason. E 62:« by 8*131:6; total. $9750.
Same owners with Stelger Terra Cotta and
Pottery Works (corporation) contractors, arch
itects same — Furnish an<1 deliver all terra cotta
for same, same; total.. $2600. .
Same owners with F. H. Masrow (contract
or), architects same — Carpenter work, tlnnlnjr.
interior finish, etc., for same on same: total.
$**7 035 ¦
"same" owners with Schanz 4 Grundy {con
tractors), architects nme — Plumbing, newertnsr
and gas fitting for aame on »»mt: total. $6900.
Same owners with George H. Tay Company
(contractors) architects same — Steam pipinir,
h«n««rs and radiators for same on same; total.
$2250
Same owners with H. Eckart
architects same — Palntln* and flnlsuln* for
same. on same- total. $1250. '
Herbert E. Law (owner).' with Otia Elevator
Company (corporation^ contractors, same arch
itects — All work for five *»evators for a nlne
ntnrv and basement buiKIng on S comer nf
]WI«sI"9'«in<1 Montsromerv street snnth. SE 1«>.
SW f>5:R NW SO. SW 11:2,. NW SO. NW,
106:10;' total. $?S.gP<V
HOTEL AEBIVALS.
VKW. WESTKRN HOTEL.
H B Renvall. Chicago
W A Cacciola. Brookln
II Kiebltn. ,auiwaukee
C W Manser thai. Aid
F Seiberg, ."«Utlp
Mrs Carter. •Oakland
M Sninetti. i'an Jose
F H Barden. Fuisin C
F II Kearney, t. S Josp
S Cor man. Lob ' Ang
<; Werbjfi Ben&Ja -
T Fedde. Kansas City
n D Tompson, I.tok Hil
Mr» E P Dyer. Poitl.nl
Mlxs Anderson. Portlnd
C H Foster. Most->n ¦
G Culpepper, Texas
G H Calne. NY
M H Oakes. N T
V M Cox. N T
L Wright,, N T
MONDAY, APRIL 22.
Donald and Annie Grant to A. P. Hotaling
& Co. (corporation), lot on S line of Golden
Gate avenue. 32:6 W of Octavia street, W 75
by S 100; $10.
Laura B. or Laura V. and James H. Davla
to Sadie I. Regan (single), lot on NE corner oi
Page and Flllmcre streets. E 25 by X 100; $10.
Thomas R. and Annie L. Turner to Elizabeth.
C. Lacy. lot on NE corner of Vallejo and Fin
more streets. E 40 by N 137:6; $10.
Joseph P. and Rose O. Haller to Francis and
Louisa Laplace, lot on S Una of Lombard
street, 192:6 W of FUlmore. W 55 by S 120; $10.
Hlbernla Savings and Loan Society to Wil
liam Hartnett, lot on S line of Lombard street,
115:6 W of Flllmore, W 23 by S 120; $1040.
Charles H. and Adella A. Athearn to Charles
Sonntag, lot on N line of Union street. 112 :6 H
of. Pierce, E 25 by N 100; $10.
Nellie G. Gallagher to William Otto, lot on
W line of Broderick street, 82:6 S of Eddy. 9
27:6 by W 100; $10.
Vanderlynn and Bessie E. Stow to Kate M.
Dillon (single), lot on S line of Vallejo Street."
77:3 W of Baker, W 51 ;6 by 3 137:6;, *KL-~~.-."
' Same to' Maurice Casey, lot -on S line of
Vallejo street. 40 W of Baker. W 37:3 by 3
137:6; $10.
Henry and Fannie S. Lyons to Ida L. Hoch
stadter (wife of William S.). undivided % or
lot on NW corner of Jackson and Baker streets.
W 97:6 by N 128:0%; gift.
Same to same, lot on N line of Jackson street.
126:3 W of Baker. W 28:9 by N 128:0%; gift.
William H. and Annie D. Talbot to Henry
Lyons, lot on NW corner of Jackson and Baker
streets. W 155 $y N 128:0%; $10.
Pierre and Celine Cassou to Rosa Constant
(widow), lot on S line- of Sutter street. 110 E of
Lyon. E 27:6 by S 137 :«; $10.
John H. Rosseter. Alice M. or Alice and Hen
rietta Dunne and Frances McHugh to Geraldlne
C. Shannon (wife of H. L.), lot on NE corner
of Fell and Shrader streets, E 100 by N 100.
sub to 15 Cov. 94; $10.
. H. L. Shannon to same, lot on NE corner of
Fell and Shrader streets, N 100 by E 100; gift.
Hobart Estate Company (corporation) to Al
mon D. Carrtll, lot on E line of Mission street.
35 S of Fifteenth. S 25 by E SO- $6000.
Edward D. and William P. Carroll. Ellen M
Goodwin (Carroll) and Susan B. Jonea (Car
roll) to Mary C. Carroll, lot on E line of Har
rison street, 52 S of Twenty- third. S 52 by
E 75; also lot on S line* of Twentieth street.
230 W of Dolores, W 50 by S 114; $10.
Emily C. Terry, to Pietro Giannini, lot on Ei
line of Mason street. 46 N of Lombard N
23 by E 70; $10. '
Hartland, Ada, Herbert E. and Grace W.
Law to Ellse A. Drexler (widow), lot on N
corner of Main and Mission streets. NW 137:8
by NE 137:6, subject to party.. wall : agreement
of 6 inches on N (22 Cov. 208); $10.
Mary C. Carroll to Edward D. and William
P. Carroll and Ellen M. Goodwin and Susan B.
Jones, lot ! on N line of Brannan street. 13O
SW of Sixth. SW 30 by NW 75; also lots 28.
30. 32. 34. 36. Holliday Map A; also lot 298
Gift Ma» 3: $10.
William J. Parker, Mary A. Glenger (Park
er, wife of Charles J. Glenger) to> Bernard
Bauchou, lot on N line of California street.
55 W of Eighteenth avenue, N 120 by W 28;
$10.
Solomon and Dora Get* to George W. Travla.
lot on E line of Eleventh avenue. 200 S of A
street, N 25 by E 120; $10.
George O. Mella and August and May
Fischer to Margaret A. Skelly, lot on N line
of D street. 27 :4 E of Thirty-sixth avenue, N
105 by E 25: $10.:
Gertrude A. and Harry E. Jones to C. E.
Hailstone, lot on E line of Thirty-fourth ave
nue. 210 S of I street. S 25 by E 120; $10.
. Annie J. Kelley (guardian of the estate of
.William J. Duncan, minor) to Dclevan B. Bow-
REAI. ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
LONDON, April 21 .-^Consols, 94%; ,- silver,
23 5-16d; French rentes, lOOf 97%c; wheat car
goes on pasage, firm but not . active ;, cargoes
No. 1 standard California,, 29s 9d; cargoes
Walla Walla, 29s 3d; English country markets,
strong, advanced; wheat imported into the
United Kingdom, 195,000; flour imported Into
the United Kingdom, 111,000; wheat and flour
on passage to United Kingdom, 4,280,000; wheat
and flour on passage to Continent, 1,720,000.
LIVERPOOL. April 21.— Wheat, firm; No. 1
standard California, b's 4d@tis 4%d; wheat In
Paris, dull; flour In Paris, dull; French country
markets, weak; weather in England, overcast.
COTTON— Uplands, 5 3-32d.
Foreign Markets.
Astoria 30.12 54 42 NW Cloudy .00
Baker 23.80 60 48 NW Cloudy .00
Carson 29.U2 4'J 32 W Cloudy T.
Eureka 30.14 54 42 NW Clear .20
Fresno SO. 04 64 42 NW Pt.Cldy .02
Flagstaff 29.80 32 2C SW Pt.Cldy .34
Pocatello. Id S6
Independence .29.80 56 38 W Clear .02
Los Angeles... 30. 00 152 46 W Pt.Cldy .04
Phoenix 29. 8G 66 52 W Cloudy T.
Portland 30.02 5S 40 NW Cloudy .02
Red Bluff 30.02 62 42 SE Pt.Cldy .OS
Uoseburg 30. 0« D8 42 SW Pt.Cldy T.
Sacramento . .30.04 62 44 SW Clear T.
Salt Lake 44
San Francisco. 30. 12 54 46 W Clear .00
S. L. Obispo. .30.14 M 40 W Clear .00
San Diego 30.00 68 48 NW Cloudy .20
Seattle 30.00 58 3S W Clear .00
Spokane 29.82 62 32 S Cloudy .00
Neah Bay 23.9tf B2 38 VT Pt.Cldy .00
Walla Walla.. 29. 84 «4 40 W Pt.Cldy .00
Winnemucca ..29. SO 52 36 W Cloudy .00
Tumi 29.92 C8 50 W Clear ..CO
Temperature. 7 a. m. — »6.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, April 21.— To-day's state
ment of the treasury shows: Available cash
balances, $182,122,6S4; gold, $02,085,652.
GAME — Hare. $1; Rabbits, $1 50 for Cotton
tall* and $1 for Br.ush; Gray Geese, $2 50@3;
¦White Geese, 50@75c: Brant, 75c@$2; Honkers.
(3; English Snipe, $2 50@3; Jack Snipe. $1 50.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 13@14c for. Gob
blers and 15@16c for Hens; Geese, per pair,
$1 5001 75; Goslings, $2 25©2 50; Ducks, $4 50
@5 for old and $7@8 for young; Hens. $4 50@
5 50; young Roosters. $6 50@7 00; old Roosters,
$4 5Oi}3>5 F;ryers, $5©6; Broilers, $4 50(S5 for
large and $2@3 for small; Pigeons, .$1 50'iil 75
per dozen for old and $1 ~~>fi- for Squabs.
Three cars of Eastern .Poultry, consisting
chiefly of -Hens, were placed on the market and
sola off slowly. The local market was dull
and receipts were light. Quotations were un
changed.,*; V YV v' f •'.•-.'-.'» " » ;, r *
Game 'cleaned up at better prices -for some
descriptions. Only 13 sacks came in.
Poultry and Game.
NEW YORK, April --•21.— Cotton, futures
opened firm, with prices 3 to 10 points higher,
and closed steady, with prices net . C points
higher to 1 Doint lower.-
New York Cotton Market.
2 S S 2 2 -s
3 $1 52 <l <£ 2
3 53 33 |S K «
STATIONS. i^|g ||,f| |S
MONDAY. April 21 — i p. m. "
Bid. Ask. ~'iv. Bld.A*k.
Alpha 02 03 fustlce 05 07
Alta 0a 05 <entuck — 01
Andes 04 05 Lady Washtn. — 04
Belcher CS 00 Mexican 49 50
Best A Belch. 24 2rt| Occidental ... 11 12
Bullion 02 03'Ophir 1 35 1 4O
Caledonia 42 44 Overman .... 21 22
Challenge Con 17 18 Potosl 23 2tS
Chollar 18 13 Savage ...... 12 Vt
Confidence ... 60 65 Scorpion 04
Z C & Va....l 30 1 35|Seg Belcher... 01 I Ki
Con Imperial. .— 01 Sierra Nevada 23 24.
Con N York.. — 02 Silver Hill... 46 49
Crown Point.. 08 01) St Louis 06 —
Eureka Con.. IS — Syndicate ... 07 —
Exchequer ... — 01 1 Union Con..: 24 25
Gould & C. .. 06 07 Utah 03 05
Hale &. Nor.. 21 23 Yellow Jacket 11 12
Fulia — oil
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
_ f. La»t This Last
fctations — 24 hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.2U 47. «1 44 «»
Red Bluff 0.08 29.81 22. CS
Sacramento Trace 1C.32 17.DO
San Francisco 0.00 17.40 18 «!»
Fr«sno 0.02 6.48 10. Si
Independence 0.02 4. 29 , 5.51
San Luis Oblspo ... 0.0U 21.33" 27.87
Los Angeles 0.04 10.62 14. IS
San Diego . ; 0.20 c.ll 10.C<3
San Francisco data — Maximum temperature,
»; minimum. 46; mean. 60.
The following maximum and minimum lem
pratures were reported from Eastern stations:
P^ton 00-48 ICanpas City JKMiS
Cincinnati <«-54:Duiuth 40-32
Philadelphia C4-4Gpmaha M-72
Tacksonville 72-52 'hicago 66-48
Washington «tf-40';t Louis O8-4S
New York 5e-4i:J5alt Lake City...«ti-44
Pig iron warrants, nominal ; No.: 1* foundry,
Northern. $19@20; No. 2 foundry, Northern.
$18@19; No. 1 foundry, Southern, $17 50@18;
No. 1 foundry, Southern, soft, $17 50® 18.
The English iron markets -were Mower. Glas
guw closed at 54s 3d and-MIddlesboro at 48s 6d.
The local Iron markets* remained' steady and
without change in quote's rates.
Trading to-day was inactive. The 'London
copper market was 3d lower, with spot and
futures at £53. : : ¦ ¦¦- : .
Lead was steady'here and unchanged at"4%c
and London was Is 3d higher at £11 15s.
Spelter ruled quiet and firm at New York at
$1 40 and London was unchanged at £18. .
• Copper was dull and weak. < Spot Lake closed
at ll%@12 1 4c, electrolytlo ll%@12c,, and cast-
Ing nominally 12c. Standard copper was about
%c lower on the inside price for spot, which
closed at ?11@11 CO. .,'
NEW YORK, April 21.— The London market
for tin suffered a decline of £1 6s for spot and
£1 15s for futures, with spot at £129 10s* arid
futures at £125'15s. At New. York there was a
decline of about 80 points, with spot closing at
$27 80(#28, and tone weak at the decline, witb
business moderate.; • -.. • ¦ ¦• . ' • , . :
New York Metal Market.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining ! Com
pany quotes as follows, per pound. In 100-lb
bags: Cubes. A, Crushed and Fine Crushed.
4.50c; Powdered, 4.55c: Candy Granulated.
4.35c; Dry Granulated Fine, 4.25c; Dry Granu
lated Coarse. 4.25c; Fruit Granulated. 4.25a;
Beet Granulated (100-lb bags only), none;
Confectioners'. A, 4.25c; Magnolia A. 3.85c;
Extra C. 3.75c: Golden C, 3.65c; "D." 3.63c;
barrels,- 10c more; half -barrels, 25c more;
boxes, 50c more; 50-lb bags, 10c more, for all
kinds. Domlnos — Half-barrels, 4.75c; boxes,
fie per lb. No order taken for less than 73
barrels or Its equivalent.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil, In bulk.
13%@14c; Pearl Oil,. In cases. 20c; Astral. 20c;
Star, 20c; Extra Star, 23c; Elaine, 25c; Eocene
22c; deodorised stove Gasoline. In bulk. 16c;
In cases, 22%c; Benzine, in bulk. 14%c: In
cases. 21c; 86-degree Gasoline, in bulk. 20c; In
cases, : 20%c.
TURPENTINE — 67c per gallon In cases and
61c in drums «tnd Iron barrels. -" -: - '¦ > ..-
OIL— California Castor Oil, in cases, No
1, 70c; pure, $120; Linseed Oil, In bar
rels, boiled, 78c; raw,- 76c; cases, 5c
more; Lucol, 68c for boiled ami 66c for raw,
in barrels; Lard Oil, extra winter strained,
barrels. 00c; cases, 95c; China Nut. G7%@68c
per gallon; pure. Neatsfoot, In barrels, 70c
cases. 75c; Sperm, pure, . 65c. Whale. Oil. nat
ural white, 40@50c per gallon; Fish Oil, bar
rels, 42%c; caaes, 47 %c; Coeoanut Oil, barrels,
03%c for Ceylon and 58%c for Australian.
COAL— Wellington. $9 per ton; . Bouthfleld
Wellington, {9; Seattle) $6 60; Bryant, |6 60;
Roslyn, $7; Coos Bay, $5 SO; Greta. $3;' Walls
end, $3 50: Co-operative Wallsend. $S 50; Cum
berland, $12 in bulk and $13 25 in sacks ; Penn
sylvania Anthracite Ekk. : Welsh Anthra
cite, $14: Canne'l, $11 p«r ton; Coke. $13 per ton
In bulk and $17 in sacks; Rocky Mountain de
scriptions. $8 45 per 2000 lbs and $8 50 per ton.
according to brand.- ¦
General Merchandise.
BAGS — Grain Bags, June and July. 6c; San
Quentin, 5.55c; Wool Bags, 32®3&c; Fleece
Twine, 7&@Sc.
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. April -21—5 y. m.
The following are the seasonal rain'alls to
date, as compared with those of the same Aate
lttt ecacon un<i rainfall in the twenty
lour hours:
/ Weather Report.
Chi & G W A pfd. 200 89 83 83%
Chi & G W B pfd. 200 47 4tt% 46
Chi & Northwest.. 1,200 251% 249% 248%
Chi R I & Pacific. 1,700 175 173 173
Chi Term & Trans. 7.1O0 2o% 22 22
Chi Term & T pfd. 9,000 42 40% *K>%
C C C & St Louis. 1,700 100 105 105%
Colo Southern ... 11.000 32% 31 31 y t
Colo South 1st pfd. 800 75y 4 75>i 74^,
Colo Southed pffl. 4.300 47 45»i 45»4
Dela & Hudson ... 4.900 176% 174 173ft
Dela Lack & West. 300 290 290 283
Denver & Rio G... 1,400 46 44% 44%
Denver & R G pfd. 1,400 »3% 02% »2%
Erie 29.4O0 40 38T& 39%
Erie 1st Pfd 0.100 70% «a% 70%
Erie '2i pfd 1,500 55% 55% 55 Vi
Great North pfd... 1,400 187 1S5H 1S5
Hocking Valley ... 2,300 84% 8.5% 81%
Hccking Val pfd.. 300 92 91 91 %
Illinois Central ... 23.300 151 V> U'Vi 118%
Iowa Central l.soo r.ni/ t -«'H4 <?'•".
Iowa Central pfd.. 1.700 80% 88 80%
K. C. Southern 7.SKH) rs -<. •£ iu ,..
K. C. South, pfd... 11,200 62% 60% 01
Lake Erie & West. 200 «9 - CS 67%
L Erie ft West pfd 128
Louisville & Nash. 7.000 127 12G 126%
Manhattan L 91,800 137% 134 137%
Metropolitan St Ry 7.100 154>4 153 153
Mexican Central... 2,200 30% 20% 20%
Mexican National.. 19,900 20% 20 > 20\i
Minn & St Louis.. 2.G00 113 111% 111%
Missouri Pacific ... 47.500 103% 100% 101%
M K & Texas 1,400 26% 20 26U
M K & Texas pfd. 2.400 57 55% 5ti
N J Central 18S
N Y Central 10,300 160% 15S 159%
Norfolk & West... 4,200 59 57% 58 ji
Norfolk & W pfd M
Ontario & Western. 14.900 34% 33% 34
Pennsylvania 28,500 152 151 V 4 151
Reading 414.400 66% C2% 6C%
Reading 1st pfd... 6.400 SiM S3% 84
Reading 2d pfd... (57.300 72% 71 72%
£t Louis & S F ... 4,300 71% 09 69%
St L & S F 1st pfd 83
St L & S F 2d pfd. 500 74% 73% 73%
St Louis S W COO 30% 30 28%
St L S W r pfd 2,200 62% 01% 61%
St Paul 85,800 172% ies% 170%
St Paul pfd 500 1!>2% 190% 190>i
Southern Pacific ..120,900 «9V* 6C% 69
Southern Railway.. 49.300 8T% 35% 3C%'
Southern Ry pfd..: 3.000 96% 95% 95%
Texas & Pacific ... 17.200 44% 42% 43%
Tol St L & West.. 1,000 2214 22 22'4
Tol St L & W pfd. 1.600 30% :{«% :n>%
Union Pacific ......261.100 10S% 103% 10r»%
Union Pacific pfd.' 6,000 R9 88% 84H
Wabash 13.800 20 25% 25%
Wabash pfd 12,100 45% 44>4 4t%
Wheeling & L. E. 700 20% 20%^ 20%
Wheel & L. E. pfd 200 33% 33 % 3.1
¦Wisconsin Central . 3.100 26% 25% 25%
Wisconsin Cen. pfd. 3.100 4S% 48 47%
Express Companies —
Adams 210
American 230
Vr.ited States 100 122 122 120
Wells Fargo 210
Miscellaneous —
Amal. Copper 10,200 C5%" G4% 65%
Am. Car & Foundry 1,000 29% 29 29%
Am Car & Fy. pfd. 800 89% SSi,4 89%
Am Linseed Oil 1,500 24 24 23
Am. Linseed Oil pfd 200 55 65 52
American Loco ... 29.900 S6% 35% 3fl%
Am Loco--, pfd 9,700 »S% 97% 98
Am. Pmelt. & Rfg. . 1.900 47 " 45'4 ' '43'U
Am. Sm. & Rfg. pfd 3,800 97 05% 9514
Anaconda MIn Co.. 3f« 112 112 112
Brook. Rapid Tran. 32.300 68% 66% 67%
Col Fuel & Iron... 49,100 108 105% 107%
Consolidated Gas . . 600 225 224 224%
Con Tobacco pfd... 1.600 119% 119 11S%
Gtnrral Electric .. 2,100 331% 327 32S
Hocking Coal 500 21 20% 20V4
International Paper 3.200 22% 21 21V V
Inter. Paper pfd.. 3.100 76 75 75%
International Power S.4O0 172% I6S 172%
National Blrcuit .. 61K) 50% 50>i 50%
National Load 500 19% 19>i 19%
National Salt 70
National Salt pfd 09%
North American . . . 2,700 130 129% 129
Pacific Coast '.. €9
Pacific Mall 42
People's Gas C9,f)00 103 irej% 104U
Pressed Steel Car.. S00 41 r <4 40% 41 U
Pressed St. Car t>fd 400 84% 84 Vi . ¦"«%
Pullman Palace Car • 237
Republic Steel '3,100 1S% 17% 17%
Republic St«?el pfd. 800 74 73% 73%
Sugar 2S.100 128 126% 126^4
Tenn. Coal & Iron. 13,200 73 71 71%
Un. Bag & Paper Co ]r>-v.
Un. B. & P. Co. pfd so
XT. 8' Leather.. 3,100 1.°.% 12% ]2%
U. S. Leather pfd... 700 84% S."5% <»3%
U S Rubber 1774
U 6. Rubber pfd.. 100 60 60 rn
U. S. Steel 25.400 43 42. 42%
V. H Steel pfd 2.100 9?.% 0214 fl«%
Western Union 4. COO 91"% 92% 93
Total sales 1.993. S00
NEW YORK BONDS.
U S ref 2s reg...l(M% L & x unif 4*... 102
Do ref 2s coup. .109-)g (Mexican Cen 48.. 84M
Do 3s reg 10S=! + Do 1st lnc 34 '
Do 3s coup ... 100 >/> Minn & St L 4s.. 104%
Do new 4s reg. 138 M K. & Texas 4s. 101
Do new 4s coup. 139% Do 2ds 84
Do old 4s reg ..111V» N Y Cen lsts ...104
Do old 4b coup. Ill Vi Do gen 3%s ...10-.)
Do 5e reg lOOv'iJN J Cen Ren ."¦s.lio
Do 5a coup 107 Northern Pac 4s.. 105
Atchison gen 4s .lW4s Do 3s • 74%
Do adjust 4s.. »4% Norf & W con 4s 101 u.
Bait & Ohio 4s. ..lCl'UlReading gen 4s.. 99(4
Do 3%s 9«',i 3tL & I M con 5s.llC%
Do conv 4s 1C9 St L & S F 4s... 101
Can South 2ds ...109 St L S W lsts. loo'i
Central of Ga 5s. 112% Do 2ds 37
Do 1st inc 87Vj San A & A P 4s. 91 X
Ches & Ohio 4%s.l08% Southern Pac 4s.. 951,!,
Chi & Alton 3%s. 84*« Southern Ry 5s...122'a
C B & Q new 4s. »CVt .Texas & Pac lsts.l20U
C M&StP gen 4s.ll« |Tol St L & W' 4s 8°
C & N W con 7«.i:W«i; Union Pacific 4s. 100%
C R 1 & P 4s... 112% i Do conv 4 3 109'i
CCC&St L gen 4s.lO4 ¦ Wabash lsts ....120
Chi Term 4s 90 Do 2ds 110-Ji
Colo & South 4s. 95%' Do deb B - 6 *
Denv«- & R G 4e. 103% jWest Shore 4s . 113 2
Erie prior lien 4s.lOO»Jw & L Erie 4s.. 01%
Do gen 4b 88 Wisconsin Cen 4s. 90»i
Tt W t D C lsts. 115% Con Tob 4s Co
Hocking Val 4%s.lllUI
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 20 Little Chief ...... H
i Alice 00 Ontario 8 75
Breece 50 Ophir 110
Brunswick Con . . 19 Phoenix . . .-. 0(5
Comstock Tunnel. .05 2f Potosi 20
Con Cal & Va...l :. Savage 08
Deadwood Terra. . Ci Sierra Nevada .... 70
Horn Silver I U, 'mall Hopes 40
Leadvllle Con ... OiJ standard 340
BOSTON STOC^-J AND BONDS.
Money — ill S 'Steel 42%
Call loans 4@4'i! Do pfd <»2«4
Time loans 4@5 Westlnghse com. .111%
Bonds — Mining —
Atchison 4g 103 Adventure 22%
Gas lsts NJ Allouez a(S'
Mexican Cen 4s... K»% Amalgamated ... f5<<.
N E Gas & Coke. 53 Blngham 35%
Railroads — Calumet & Hecla.r.«7
Atchison S2 Centennial 20
Do pfd ...\ !«)% Copper- Range . . . 00
Boston &. AIba:xy.i<»3V4 Franklin Ji%
Boston & Maine. :<)4 Mohawk 25'
Boston Elevated.. 3«7 Old Dominion ... 20
N Y N H & H..224 Osceola C2
Fltchburg ;ifd ..140 Parrot 2C.%
Union Pacific ...1UT>% Qulncy 122
Mexican Central.. 2» V» Santa Fe Copp-»-. * A
Miscellaneous — Tamarack ... ...177
American Su?ar. .120% Trimountaln 95%
Do pfd 1W Trinity ... i;ui
Amer Tel & TW..17S United States ... 22
Dom Iron & .Steel. «O Utah 'Z2U,
Mass Electric 45% Victoria r-U
Do pfd Vt Wlnona j ]J4
N E Gas & Coke. 4 Wolverine 53
United Fruit..... 105% Daly West 40U
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
Con for money.94 11-lS'Mo, Kan & Tex. 27%
Do for acct.... 94% | Do pfd 551!
Anaconda • 5%,N Y Cen..... KiS •
Atchison 85% 'Norfolk & West.. 60%
Do pfd 102Vi| Do pfd nau.
Bait & Ohio 112 ,Ont & Western.. 55%
Can Pacific ..12S>% Southern Ry .... :«
Ches & Ohio 4»%! Do pM ........ ogi^
Chi Gt West 4r,i'j Southern Pacific . 70%
Cl*l, M & St Paul.l7"V« Union Pacific ...110%
Den & Rio Grande 40% Do pfd 01 V.
Do Dfd 95-Ji-U 8 Steel. 44%
Erie 40%' Do pfd 97%
Do Ut pfd..... 72 Vi Wabash 2UV4
Do 2d pfd .... 57 Do pfd 4«iA
Illinois Central ..1.13U Spanish 4s 78«4
Louis & Naeh 129V»
Bar Silver, uncertain.
Money. 2(£2% Der cent. . • .
Afternoon Session.
200 Chall'ge Cn. 17 100 Mexican ... 48
300 Chollar . . . . 17 100 Mexican ... 4U
200 C C & Va..l 35 200 Ophlr 1 S7!£
200 C C & Va..l 32% 300 Ophir *.l 40
300 Gould & C. . 07 • 200 Potosl ..... 25
500 Sterling (b 30) 170
100 Sterling 170
MINING STOCK'S.
The following were the sales yesterday In the
San Francisco Stock and Exchange Board:
' Morning Session.
1000 Belcher ... OS 300 Occidental . 11
400 Cr"wn Point 07 100 Ophlr 130
10O Mexican ... 48 200 Union Con.. 25
200 Mexican ... 49
j Afternoon Session.
100 Challenge .. 17 jlOOO Ophlr 140
400 Cr-wn Eolnt 08 200 Tel Jacket. 11
600 Occidental . 12 I
The following were the sales yesterday In th«
; Pacific Stock Exchange:
1 Morning Session.
200 Best & Bel. 25 300 Ophlr .1 30 •
300 Caledonia . 43 150 Ophlr ......1 X^i
400 Chall'ge Cn. 16 300 Ophir ......135
30ac C & Va..l 32% 200 Ophir ......1 3714
500 C C & Va. .1 35 300 Savage 13
500 Gould & C. . 07 200 Sierra Nev. 23
300 Mexican ... 48 300 Silver Hill. 4S
200 Mexican ... 49 300 Union Con.. 24
50 Ophir 127% 200 Utah ...... 05
Financial agents in London explain that the
fall in the price of silver to the lowest point on
record to-day was caused by the fact that
China, instead of buying silver, as usual at this
time of the year, is selling. In order to pay the
war Indemnity in gold. It is generally believed
that the fall in the price of silver .would not
have occurred had London supported the mar
ket. This, coupled with the fact that the
United States is selling, caused the decline,
which is now believed to have reached the
minimum price.
Siver slumped %d to 23 5-16d per ounce, the
lowest on record in the history of the metal,
the previous record being 23 %d per ounce in
September, 1S97. The present fall is due less
to a selling movement than to a complete ab
sence of a demand. India has been .merely
looking on, and China, Instead of buying, as
usual, this season is selling freely to provide
for the gold war indemnity. The bottom seems
touched provided speculative buying gives an
impetus.
Gold to- the amount of £22,000 In bars has
been bought and £40,000 has been received
from Holland.
Money rates were strong on the consols' ap
plication. The returns were mopped out by
the debt to the Bank of England. The market
repaid £4.000.000 of the £5,000.000 due that
institution. . .
Union Pacific from 112 to 108%, Atchison
from So to 83^4 and St. Paul from 177% to
175«$. Reading issues, on the other hand,
were notably steady, being . absorbed all day,
and closing at the top. The close was irreg
ular. • . .
American stocks were very lively, but dealers
on this side were cautious. They were hanging
on to the coattails of New York, ready to drop
off at any sign of danger. The relapses were
as follows : . ¦ . ¦ • ¦ .
. The stock market was inactive to-day, and
the tone was confident on . the prospects for
peace, which is regarded a^ a foregone conclu
sion. The new consol issue opened weak" on
realizing by those who have obtained their al
lotments. The premium fell to 1%, then rose
to 1% and closed at 1%. The old issue was
finally unchanged at 94%. >
NEW YORK, April 21.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram- says:
London Market.
SHEEP — Receipts, eO19; steady to 10c high
er. Weatern lambs. $6 25@7; Western sheep,
$4 75®0 25.
HOGS— Receipts, 2758; 10c lower. Light and
light mixed. <(J S0@7 10; medium and heavy,
$7 0VMi@7 20; piss, $4 703 U 25; bulk, $0 U5©
7 15. . . - - . -¦¦-.¦¦-¦ ¦.- - ¦ -•
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO. April 21.— CATTLE— Receipts/
22,600; about 10@15c lower; good to prime
steers, $0 S0@7 35; poor to medium. $4 OOgti 40;
stockers and feeders, $2 50@5; cows, $1 !)0@6;'
heifers, $2 50<g6 25; cann4raV$l 40@2 40; bulls.
$2 60"»5 50; calves, $2. 50® 5 25; Texas / fed
steers. $5 25@0 25. .
HOGS — Receipts to-day, 42,000; to-morrow,'
23,000; left over, none; -market 10@15c lower;
mixed and butchers', ?0 75©7 20; good to
choice heavy, $7 10@7v25; rough heavy, |« 80®
7; light. $« W)@G 95; bulk of sales. $4 85@7 15.
SHEEP— Receipts. l«,000; steady to strong;
lambs,- steady to 10c higher; good to ¦_ choice
wethers. $5 50@(I 20; fair to . choice , mixed,
$1 75@5 50; Western sheep, ?4 75@0; native
lambs. $4 75@6 CO; Western lambs, $5 50@7 15..
ST. JOSEPH.
ST. JOSEPH, April 21.— CATTLE— Receipts,
811;: steady. Natives,' $5 50®7; . cows and
heifers, $1 25©6 50; veals, $3 50®6; bulls and
stags, $2 75i50; stockers' and feeders', $2@5 25.
Eastern Livestock Market.
NEW. YORK. April 21.— Close : Money ' on
call was firm at 4@6 per cent; closing bid and
asked, 5@5i£ percent. .
Prime mercantile paper— -l®!^ per cent. :
Sterling exchange was firm, with actual busi
ness In bankers' bills at $4 87%Q>4 87% .for
demand and at $4 85% for sixty days. . .
Posted rates— $4 88 and $4 88V4-
Commercial bills— $4 84>>@4 SZhi.
Bar silver— 50y.c. _ "
Mexican dollars — 42c.
Bonds — Governments, inactive; States,' inac
tive; railroads, irregular. ,.
Nezv York Money Market.
Local stocks and bonds very quiet.
Silver touches its lowest record price. Exchange unchanged.
Wheat and Barley quiet at about previous prices.
Oats, Corn and Rye dull.
Bran and Middlings still higher. Hay unchanged.
Beans and Seeds reported very dull.
Nothing new in Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Provisions very siow at the recent advance.
Live and dressed Meats as previously quoted.
Oregon Potatoes in larger supply and easier.
Onions and Vegetables in sufficient supply.
Three cars of Eastern Poultry offered. Game firm.
Oranges weak, with larger offerings. Bananas firm.
The following quotations are for good sound
livestock delivered at San Francisco, less SO
per cent shrinkage for cattle:
CATTLE— Steers. S%@9c; Cow3 and Heifers.
7@7%c: thin Cows. 4#5c per- lb.
CALVES — 4%@5%c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers, 4%@5c; Ewes, 3%@4c per
lb (gross weight).
LAMBS — Suckling Lambs. $2 C0@2 79 per
head or 5%®0c per lb liveweight; 'yearlings.
4>4@Sc per lb.
HOGS— Live Hoss. 200 lbs and under, 6^@
6%c; 200 lbs and over, 6%@6%c; feeders, 5%ig>
(JVic; sows, 20 per cent off; boars, 50 per cent
off, and stags, 40 per cent off from the above
quotations. ¦
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealert
*re as follows: . :
BEEF— 7@7%c for .Steers and 6@7c per lb
for Cows. ¦
VEAL— Large, -7%@S%c; small. 8% ©10c per
P °MUTTON— Wethers. 8%®9%c; Ewes, S@8Vjc
per lb. • ¦-.'.-
LAMB — Tearlings, fKilOc per lb; Sprlne
Lamb. 11%©12%c per lb.
PORK— Dressed Hogs. 7%@9%c per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
There ts nothing new to report In this mar
ket.
San Francisco Meat Market.
The rate of discount In the open market for
6hort bills is 2% per cent'
The rate of discount in the open market for
three months 1 bills is 2% per cent.. --.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
. I LIVERPOOL.
Wheat — .May. July.
Opening -' 6 1% ' 6 00
Closing ......:.. 0 1>4 0 00V4
; PARIS.:
Wheat— . April. Sept.-Dec.
Opening-' 22 20 20 40
Closing 22 10 20 40 .-
Flour — ' i- ' •
Opening 26 00 20 10 '
Closing .................... 26 85 26 40
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
VFGETABLES — Asparagus, .¦ extra fancy.
$1 85@2 per box, $1 40(ftl 75 for No. 1 and $1®
1 25 for No. 2; Rhubarb, 35@85c per box:
extra fancy,' 00c@$l 25; Green Peas, 75c@$l 25
per sack; String- Beans, ' from Los Angeles.
lC@15cper lb. Including Wax; Cabbage. 40#
COc per ctl ; Los Angeles Tomatoes, $1@1 35
per box and $1@1 35 per crate; Mexican To
matoes, 75c@$l 50 per box, including re
packed; Dried Pepper3. 10@llc per lb; Los An
geles do, 13<&17%c; Dried Okra, 12%@20c per
lb; Carrots, 75c per sack; Hothouse Cucumbers,
35@75e per dozen for small and $1©>1 25 for
large; Garlic, 2@2%c; Los Angeles Green Pep
pers, 10@15c; Mexican do, 10@12%c; Egg Plant,
from Los Angeles, 17%<?20c; Summer Squash,
from Los Angeles, $1 25; Marrowfat Squash,
$15@20 per ton; Hubbard Squash, $15@20;
Mushrooms, nominal.
ONIONSF-Oregons, $2 10@2 40 for the best
and $1 60<g>2 for lower grades; Australian, ?s@
3 25, second hands; Green Onions, 60@65c per
box. ..."-.. ;
POTATOES— New Potatoes. 2@2%c per lb;
old. $1 35® 1 55 for Burbanks from the river;
Oregon Burbanks,' $1 60@l 85; Oregon Garnet
Chiles. ; River Reds, $1 50@l 60;> Early
Ros^. for seed, $1 fi0@l ,65; Qregon Burbanks.
for seed. $1 20® 1 50; Sweets, $1 00 for Mer
ced. ¦. ¦ , . ..•/:. . - ¦ • ¦ •¦ • • .
¦ Prices of . new Vegetables stood about the
same. Offerings were liberal, but the local de
mand was good and there was .considerable in
quiry for shipment on the northern steamer.
Los Angeles Tomatoes ' were wanted for the
same . trade, and, as offerings were mostly in
good condition, the. market cleaned up well.
Other Vegetables from Los Angeles sold well at
steady prices. ,. - - .-.., v
There were no sales of Oregon Onions report
ed above the quotations, but some dealers were
holding firm at higher prices. There ,were
plenty of Australians offering at the quota
tions. Green were In light supply and met with
ready sale. ¦ Neradas were cleaned up. .
. Prices on. Oregon Burbanks were unchanged,
although the market was easier, with buyers
holding off. Holders were firm in : their views
and business was consequently - dull. Receipts
per steamer. were 8121 sacks. Seed Burbanks
were in demand and good stock sold readily at
the top" quotation. . ¦ .,-' ,.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
SEEDS— Trieste Mustard, $2 5002 65; Tel
low Mustard. $3 25@3 50; Flax, ' $2 25<g2 50;
Canary, <tV>c for Eastern; Alfalfa from Utah,
10->i@iivic; California. 10@10%c; Rape, 1%®
2'/ic; Hemp, 3%c per lb. ¦ • ,
DRIED PEAS — Niles. $1 C0@2; Green, $1 50
@2; Blackeye, nominal. " •
BEANS— Bayos, $2 40@2 60; email White.
$1 00@2 15; large White, $2@2 20; Pea, $3 25(§
3 00; Pink, |1 85@2 10; Red. $2 25512 50;
Blackeye, $1 50@4 75; Llmas, $3 35@3 M)~; ReU
Kidneys, $3 75@4 per ctl. .¦ - ' ' '¦ ¦¦ ¦•¦¦'.
There Is nothing: new to report under this
head. Trade continues dull.
Beans and Seeds.
. : Hay. and feedstuff s... r
' : Bran and Middlings continue to advance un
der light stocks and a good demand.* 1 . Hay and
other feedstuffs remain unchanged and feature
less; - ¦ ; ."-¦¦ . •-.. '.-¦ ' .. • .••; :¦;
¦ BRAN— $17 50®18 per ton. -.
, MIDDLINGS— $20 G0@21 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $SU@21 50 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. ?25@26; jobbing-.
$26 60@27: Coeoanut Cake. $20«21r Corn Meal,
$23@29 50; - Cracked Corn. ' $20 50@:«); Mixed
Feed. $Ui«jl7; Cottonseed Meal. $26 30.
HAT— Wheat, $0@ll 60; Wheat and Oat,
$S G0@ll; Oat, $S@10 50; Alfalfa, ?S@11; Clo
ver, $7@y; Volunteer, ?G 50@S 50; Stock, $8(88
per ton. • .. .'¦¦¦.'
STRAW— 40@C5c per bale. *
each; short 'Wool. 35@G0c each: medium. 65Q
75c; Ions Wool, -90c®$l 10 each: Horse Hides.
salt $2 75@3 for large and $2 25@2 60 for me
dium, $1 for email and. 60c for Colt3; Hor>«
Hides, dry. $1 75 for large, $1 25@l 00 for me
dium, $1 for small and 50c for Colts. Buck
Skins— Dry Mexican, 32%c; dry salted Mexican,
25c; dry Central American. 32 Vic. Goat Skins
Prime Angoras. 75c; large and - smooth, 50c;
medium, 35c • ' . ¦ - . ..¦••**¦
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. > 5%<BCc Her Ib-
No. 2. 4%®5c; grease, 2%@3%c. '
• "WOOL — Spring — Northern free, 1-i-QlGc ; do
defective. 13@14c; Middle county free. 13<2l5c
do, defective, 12*?13c; Southern. 12 month?.
9® 10c; do, 7 months. 9@llc; Foothill, 11013c-
Ntvada. 12<B15c per lb. .
HOPS— 12@13c for fair and ll©15c per lb for
gcod to choice.
•!es, : 24(g2ec:' cheese, firm. 12@13c; eggs, stead'
rret-h 15»i@15»4c. ; : -. :..'-' <.-.¦¦.-.• -,-';.¦¦.•.. :
THE SAN T.BAK CISCO GALL, TUESDAY, APRIL < 22, 1902.
Foreign Futures.
THE COAST RECORD.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Chicago Grain Market.
11
AUCTION SALES
ifev £a> Jk* fe
t: AUCTION SALE OF
HORSES
AT J. D. HORAN' S STOCK TARDS, COR.
10TH AND BRYANT STS.;' SATURDAY.
APRIL, 26TH. AT 11 A. M.
By order of M. Hartley . of MerrtlU Oregon.
I will sell 100 broken and unbroken horses,
mares, young mulea and colts.
_ . ' V • J. D. HORAJf.-.-
.£» 300 HORSES
WU1 Be Sold At \
I1-4-O . Folsoni Street.
CARLOAD EVERY TUESDAY UNTIL SOLD.
These horses are from the PlUIs grant and
are all broke and gentle, and weigh from 00O
to 1 too pounds. Sale commences NEXT
TUESDAY, April 22. Also a choice lot oC
camp, peddling and express wagons, buggies,
carts and harness.THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 22, 1902.
12
\ HELP WAIIiTED~.FEMALE— Cob. ;-
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S.— Phone Grant 185
.. ...HOTEL DEPARTMENT .. ...
Hotel housekeeper, experienced only wanted
'. ; ¦ '.....'.. . ..". .$;{5
. Head waitress, summer resort .....$35
6 waitresses,: same spring.. '.?20
„ Waitress, mining town, short distance. ...$:J0
Chambermaid, first-class place, city. ..... .$20
6 waitresses, mining towns, fares paid.... $20
•2 waitresses, summer resort, boss here $20
Pantry girl .....;.. ;~. ..:.:. .$25
. . . . 'FAMILY DEPARTMENT ....
Housegirl,- Sausalito,' see boss here, $20;
housegirl. three In family, Alameda. $^0;
housegirl. Mountain View, $25; 25 housegirls,
; city, $15-$30; second girls, nursegirls ; .
C. IOHANSEN & CO ...429 Bush st.
(Opposite California Hotel.) V
A— MISS- or MRS. CURTIS, the hotel house-
keeper, please call or send address to C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 429 Bush st.
2 WAITRESSES, first-class private families.
: $-W and $22 50. MRS. M. E. DAY. 3-«
: y . Geary st. ','
EXPERIENCED housekeeper for city hotel.
$30. MRS. M. E. DAY. 335 Geary st. ,
C WAITRESSES, new restaurant. 8 hours'
work, $1 day, no Sunday work. MRS. M. B.
DAY, 335 Geary st. - -
2 WAITRESSES, mountain resort $20, fares
paid. MRS. M. & DAY. 335 Geary st.
I WOMAN cook, from 6 o'clock a. m. to £ p. m.,
| $1 day, sleep home. MRS. M. E. DAY, 338
. Geary st. . ' f
A— COOK, Sacramento, $30; cook, mining town,
$35, fare here; waitress and parlor maid, Bur-
llngame, $25; cqok and waitress, restaurant,
$30 and $20; second girl. Menlo Park, $25, see
lady here at 9 a. m. ; mother and daughter,
CKrtintry. $35: chambermaid, country, $20.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
I COOK, $40: cook, «30; second girl, $25: cham-
| bermald, hotel, $20; cook, delicacy store, $30;
j 50 housegirlB. ?25 and $30. MRS. NORTON,
j 313 Sutter st. -
; COAST EMPLOYMENT CO.. > .
¦ 502 Taylor st.. cor. Geary; phone BUck 2194.
8 .places, general housework, $15, $20, $25;
shirt makers, $G per week. —
WANTED — Girls . to sew skirts; beginners
¦ taught; steady work; good- pay. Apply THE
: L. ELKU6 CO., 29 and 31 Battery St. .
! WANTED — A good lady singer; a lady that
j can dance, and also a good lady piano player.
¦ • Address box 1405, Call office. - - .
GIRL to assist In light housework and help
j take care of baby; wages $10 month. The
Gladstone, 706 Polk St.. rooms 4 and 5.
MIDDLE-AGED woman to do light house- i
; work and assist with baby. Inquire 1008
j Flllmore Bt.'
GIRL to learn typesetting on an old-estab-
lished magailne; 54 week first yearJ 516
Commercial Et. " . . . .*¦¦''.
EXPERIENCED tallores* wanted. Apply at
HOFFMAN, ROTHSCHILD & CO.. 11 Bat-
[ tery st. ¦ -
EXPERIENCED Ironer. C50 Mission St.. third
floor. - . ¦ ... — ¦ i
A GOOD operator on pants; steady work. 30
Geary st., room 33.
I ~"~ > : " ; ! ~
j NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY TO LEARN
HOW TO SEW OVERALLS: WE TEACH
* YOU FREE OF CHARGE AND PAY WHILE
LEARNING; STEADY WORK; GOOD PAY.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. 32%" FREMONT
ST.; MR. DAVIS.
j MIDDLE-AGED woman or small nrlrl to as-
I sist light housework. - 264 San Carlos ave.,
¦ near Twentieth st.
j FINISHERS on custom coats; steady work. 304
j . Tehama st. ¦ •
! GIRL for light housework; small family; wages
I $10. 719 Capp st. . _
j NEAT girl for second work and sewing. - 11S0
j O'Farrell Bt.
i. WANTED — A girl for waiting on table and up-
• stairs work. 602 Fulton st. /
i YOUNG g-irl to assist with care of children;
wages $10 per month. 12G5 Guerrero st.
i EXPERIENCED girl for men's tailoring. 105
I Ellis st., rooms 22-23.
i i
FIRST-CLASS tailoress wanted immediately.
I 220 McAllister st. ¦
WANTED — 5 girls to learn halrdressing, man!-
< curing, massage and hair work; only 2 weeks
. required; bring a-J; costs only $3 50; 3 posi-
tions waltins; private . customers assure 550
tO'$75 per month; day and evening class.
College, 233 Geary St.. rooms 13-15. -
PANTS operators and pants . finishers - wanted '
by S. N. WOOD _ CO. Apply at factory. 27 i
¦ Geary st. . - ¦ '
APPRENTICES on custom coats wanted. S. N.
WOOD &' CO., 27 Geary st. •
I EXPERIENCED operators on -muslin under-
1 wear and. corset covers; also learners, paid
i while learning. REYNOLDS, 697 Mission.
! HairdrPFpIng, massage, manicuring, bleaching.
I dyeing, switches, etc.; 2 wks..$5. College, 1236
1 Market, rm. 94: splendid position; day, eve.
! FIRST-CLASS alteration hands. Apply, ready
• for work, at .LIVINGSTON BROS.. 123 Post j
; OPERATORS on coif and dress shirts; highest
! * prices. ' D. C. HEGER. 723. Market st.
I RELIABLE house has position for good, keen,
I ' middle-aged business woman. Box 4987. Call.
GIRLS ABOUT 16 YEARS OF AGE WILL
r *- ¦ .- ¦ ' -
FIND PLENTY OF GOOD-PAYING WOK K.
LEVI STRAUSS' & CO.. 32 V4 ' FREMONT
ST.; MR. DAVIS.
j APPRENTICES to learn tailoring; paid while i
I learning. , 511 Market et. . ;
j GIRLS wanted; factory hands; apply at once, j
I Gulf Bag. Co.; 709-711 Front st. i
j WANTED— First-class ironers. Oakland Laun^.
I dry Co., 090 Twenty-ninth st, Oakland.
FIRST-CLASS stenographer; state experience
and where last employed. Box 4S07, Call.
GOOD pants finishers; also apprentices; steady ,
work; good pay. 407 Turk st. ' i
GIRL for housework: 2 In family. 1010 Santa
. Clara ave., Alameda.
FIRST-CLASS operator, on pants; steady em-
ployment. C41 Market st. . • • ¦
WANTED — Experienced f>.irtmakers. EAG-
LESON &.CO.. 535 Market st.
TYPEWRITING taught," $9 full course; short-
i hand'BDeed claps, $2 mo. 927 Market, r. 305.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
j received at Cal! branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
. Valencia st. - ~
I'
HELP WANTED— MALE.
AT THE CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
¦ ¦ ¦ j --59 Third St., phone Bush 405.
RAILROAD LABORERS.
S ' FREE FARE. .FREE FARE
100 teamsters, Nevada.' $2 to $2 25 per day
25 rock drillers, laborers $2 25 day
SHIP DAILY. V \ .
FOR LUMBER WOODS.
26 sawmill hands and men for lumber woods,
$20 to $65 month and board, fare . advanced.
1 experienced edgerman ........... .$3 per day
¦ 1 head setter or screw turner. .... .$3 per day
10 -lumber pliers, $60 per month; 10 lumber
* pliers, $40 per month and board; 4 carpenters,
$70 per month: 1, loader, $55 per month; see
boES here; fare advanced for above lumber-
men; carriage painter, country. $2 50 per day.
' CALIFORNIA EMP. AGENCY, 69 Third'st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 429 Bush St.
' .'..'. li ,'i '. . . . Wanted for Nevada ............
20C0 teamsters and laborers..: $2 to $2 25
100 laborers, concrete work '. . . .$2
Free Fare. ..:;. .'.Free Fare :.-.Free Fare
'..;...;.' Male entrance," 12 Berry st
C. R. HANSEN & CO...... 429 Bush st.
ANDRE'S' office, 310 Stockton st. — Barkeeper
; for. liquor store, city,- $40 to $45; waiter,
.country,' $25; waiter- for \ rcscrt. . ntar city,
$25; -vegetable /cook, hotel, $50; night cook,
coffee-house, . $10 a -week; potwasher, $30;
* gardener, French, country, $25; boy to learn
• oyster business. $15 and found ; laundryman
; :' for, hospital. $30 and found, .etc. .' .
; A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, rm. 12.
i .Barber. $25; /elevator, boy, $15, for .resort:
dishwasher, $25; waiter, 30, free fare; coun-
try hotels. ¦ _<> ' v ' ' .
MAN- and- wife to work. In a boarding-house;
$50. V MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st. •
MASTER Barbers — Regular meeting of Master
.'Barbers' Association to-nl?ht at 102 CFar-
.rell Ft., at:8:30 o'clock;- Important business.
. S. HELLER. Sec. : LI CONRAD; Pres.
WANTED— -A' steady sober reliable young man
to drive city soda water route: must have ref-.
¦¦> erence*.' > Address box 4SS0, Cafl. • -\ :
2 .RELIABLE -agents on first-clas3 article; $10
,' -~a : week -and- commission; call - to-day. &>u
; ¦ Sixteenth st.T Oakland. '. .. .
STEADY, ' sober , man to^ take 'charge of cigar
, etore;, ?100 required. ; Apply 257- Fourth st,
, corner, Folsom.;- ; . ,. >. :
; FIRST-CLASS T> paper-hangers : and house-
paintar8.'. 112', McAllister at. "
: BOY to carry newspapers in Western Addition*
i Box 4892, ; Call." -. >-¦•.'¦ .; ' ¦ , :.; ¦ '.-, ••..-.. v-i*.
: A FIRST-CLASS butchprr _ D oly early. 312
,' 'Devisadero st. ¦;;
WRtr WAyran — -male— c«-.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 563 Mission sty, bet. 1st and 2d sta.
WANTED — A boy about 16 for wholesale house.
Address box 4525. Call office.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms. 25c night; reading rooms ;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription*
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fill— tore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1089
st.
HORSES AND WA J55^?j[:
FOR Sale — 1 pair big black carriage horses; 1
pair medium black mares; 1 pair black road-
sters; 1 pair bay roadsters; all well matched.
Inquire at St. Lawrence Stable, 423 Post st..
JAS. SHIRLEY. -
JUST arrived — 20 fine work, driving and sad-
dle horses, weighing from 1200 to 1600; well-
> matched teams, thoroughly broken; come an I
see them at Occidental Horse Exchange. 248
Third st. WM. G. LAYNG. proprietor.
A LOT of horses for sale at Arcade Horse Mar-
ket. 327 Sixth St.; also buggies, wagons, har-
ness, etc.; auction sales every Wednesday at
11 a. m. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer. ,
FOR sale. Santa Rosa salesyard — Just arrived,
several fine road and business horses, new
buggies and harness. 1499 Market, cor. 11th.
San Francisco Veterinary College, Fourth se»-
• sion begins June 9. Catalogues by applying to
M. L. PANCOAST, Sec. 510 Golden Gate ave.
FOR sale — Handsome cart, seating 4. Box
;4976. Call office.
Largest stock 2d-hand wagons, buckboard. sur-
rey.hamess.work.drivlng horses. ISth&Valecnia.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single: also light
camping wagon for sale cheap. 532 Mission. -
CHEAPEST and best In America— The/Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any addresti In th«
United States or Canada one yearVor $1,
postage paid.
, HOUSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED list houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
SUNNY corner; 8-room Western Addition
dwelling; grounds. observatory. modern
plumbing; low rent. VON RHEIN REAL
ESTATE CO.. 513 California st.
TO let — New modern 6 rooms and bath; $15
per month. JACOB HEYMAN CO.. 117 Sut-
ter st.
COTTAGE six rooms; 9 Ewer place-,, off Ma-
son, between Clay and Sacramento*. Apply
10 Ewer place.
TO lease for 6 menths or year. 9 rooms all car-
peted; bath; gardens. 220 13th. nr. Howard.
TO let— Sunny house of 10 rooms and bath.
1449 Devisadero. cor. Geary; key on premises.
FOLSOM. 2410. near Twentieth— House. 9
large sunny rooms; bath, garden, stable.
HOUSES TO LET— FURNISHED.
MODERN house 7 rooms, completely and hand- .
somely furnished^ near Presidio; healthy and
pretty location; $42 50; take Sacramento or
Callfornla-gt. car. 37 Seventh ave.
HOUSES FOR SALE}.
NEW house, 7 rooms; sun all day; fine resi-
dence district; Portola st.. off Waller, bet.
Pierce and Steiner. GEO. MOORE. 63 Portola.
w -^ n IXVESTMEXTS.
THE Investors' Agency, 137 Montgomery St..
S. F. Call or write for particulars.
!
LOST- — On «Kearny st.. between Geary and
Post, pair of gunmetal lorgnettes, with rose
diamond decoration. Finder will be suitably
' rewarded on returning these to SHREVE &
CO.. Crocker building.
LOST — Purse, on Fourth st.. between Market
and Southern Pacific freight house. Liberal
reward for return to J. B. ELLIOTT, room
624. Hayward buildlnsr.
LOST — A lady's gold hunting case watch. A.
E. W. engraved on outside of case. Return
to 1125 York St.; 55 reward.
LOST — From 2509 Paciflc ave.. pointer dog.
answers to name of Ray; saddle mark leit
side, white and liver- color. Information
leave at 124 Sansome St., room 10.
LOST — White and yellow collie pup; return get
reward. 1500 Market st.. Havana Cigar Co.
LOST — A diamond pin, on the California and
Hyde st. line. Please return to 107 and 10U
Host, office; suitable reward given.
LOST — Quartz locket, shape of horseshoe: in
vicinity of Hyde and California sts. Return
¦" to 17^0 Hyde st- . '.
LOST — April 19; black eocker- spaniel pup;
. answers to the name of Pedro. Return to
1732 Washington st. and receive reward.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the Callfor-
¦ nla Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter St., needs old
gold and silver to make new watch cases.
51ATlU.nu.MIAL.
MARRIAGE bureau; est. 1887; reliable and
confidential; lists 10c. Mrs. Hertz, 706 Ellis.
MATTRESSES AXD PILLOWS.
TO order; also cleaned and sterilized; uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning: honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS., 411 to 415 Powell
st.; tel. Bush 421.
Brass, iron beds; mattresses; pillows; window
shades. J. F. Hotter,712 Mission :tel.Maln 730.
MEDICAL.
A— DR. O'DONNELL. world-renowned special-
ist. — Ladles, all who are sick or in trouble.
consult the specialist on female complaints;
menstrual female complaints positively cor-
rected; the >tmfortunate helped; relief In all
capes taken a the most difficult cases treated;
. have relieved thousands of most obstinate
cases; free, confidential advice on all subject*
of a delicate nature. DR. G. W. O'DON-
NELL. office & residence. 101S Mkt.. op. 5th.
MRS. D. WYETH— Well-known reliable ladles*
specialist; instant relief guaranteed: home In
confinement; hours 9 to 5 and 7 to 8. Re-
moved to 1008"% Market St.. opposite 5th st.
MRS. D. KOHL— Well-known ladies' special-
ist, 30 years' experience, removed to IOCS 1 -*
Market St.. opp. 5th; hours 9 to 5 and 7 to 8.
MRS. SWEET, 606 Guerero St., near 13th —
Graduate of Royal University. Berlin; has 23
years' experience In midwifery cases; takes
ladies before and during confinement; best
motherly care; infants adopted; confinements
$15; room and board $5 week; consult me be-
fore going elsewhere. Phone Blue 411. >• ¦- - -
DR. AND MRS. DAVIES and HINDOHERB
original method of treatment. Moved from
1228 to 1126 Market st.
MRS. DR. GOODWIN, ladies' reliable speclal-
ist; maternity hospital: home for Infants fraa;
fre low. 9CC Market St.. opp. Emporium.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market — Reliable ladles'
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
DRr. ROSEN, 1007^ Market st., nr. Sixth,
treats ladles only; relief In all cases taken.
DR. NG TOY KEE. 210 Stockton St.. opposite
Union square: all dlxeases cured "by herbs.
BlISCELLAXEOUS— FOR. SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont it.
4 H. P. BOILER and engine complete $90
6 H. P. boiler and engine complete ICO
M II. P. boiler and engine complete 250
f>0 H. P. boiler and engine complete..... 5oQ
Hoisting engine complete 30O
Donkey boilers, from $20 up.
S-ln. leather belting, new. 13c ft.
2%-ln. leather belting, lie ft; 2-ln., 9c: 1%-
' In., 7c ft.
All size pipe; all quantities, at half pries of
new. OH and water tanks always on hand.
H. S. WHITE. 130-132 Beale st.
COLLEGE KENNELS has just received a flna
stock of dogs of all descriptions; coma and
pick your prize-winners at half-price, as over-
stocked. 115 Haight St.; phone Fell 6811.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery., en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, i shafting, pulleys
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear at.
BAR fixtures; big stock; installments; billiard
and pool tables; easy terms or rented. The
Brun3Wick-Balke-Ccltender Co.. 652 Mission.
SEALSKIN of finest quality, same as new; bust
86; party going East: cost $225; will sell for
$100. Address box 1559. Call office.
A — $3 6O Derby and Fedora h_is. $1 75. Popular
Price Hatters. 330 Keamy st. near Pine.
FINK SUITS. %\Q; dress pants. $2~75 MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery gt
GASOLINE engine; burns cheaper oils; flret-
cla*s every particular. Box 496S, Call office.
CAMPING tents complete for sale cheap. Ap-
- ply at Armory. 815 Ellis st.
§5— NEW Home; good condition. 1571 Market
near Twelfth; tel. Howard 3083.
SMALL branch bakery for sale; nice living
rooms. Box 40CU. Call.
FINE Persian rug. finest condition. 3H by 6.
for $15; cost $38. Box 4093. Call. •
THE firm of Uncle Harris has retired from
business.'
POINT RICHMOND' Lots— Maps mailed free.
Richmond Land. Co., 1S2 Crocker bldg.
FOR SALE at a bargain.' a first-class harness
shop. B. MAART. Valley Ford. Cal.
[ ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters (all
n-.ake3>. ALEXANDER & CO., 110 Montg'y.
I ~ 1 -i! L .P YI>I^y VT _ WAKTED^FEMALE.
WOMEN wish- work* by the' day. Telephone
MRS.' NORTON. 313 Sutter st.
SWEDISH ¦! girl ; first-class cook and " house-
woiker; re?:- MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter. ...-.¦
GERMAN girl; first-class laundress; city. ref.
¦ MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter St.. - - '
YOUNG German girl to do light second work;
$15.- MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter st.
GIRLS, If you want a good place call 615 Ash
ave.; private employment office. .'-
EXPERIENCED girl for housework and cook-
ing. Call at 1928 Ellis st. from 10 to 4.
'SJOUNG woman wants work by day washing,
' Ironing, sweeping or window cleaning. ¦ Ad-
dress X, 615 Larkin St.— " • . .¦"'
A COMPETENT North German young woman
wishes position : to take care ol a child or
seamstress or lady's maid. Box 4895, Calling
SITUATION wanted as cook on ranch or work-
-¦ Ing housekeeper by woman with a child. • 519
, /Tenth st., Oakland. . ¦ *
WOMAN wishes to work by the day houiie-
cleaning and washing; good work; $1 50 a
.\day., 284 Valencia st. . , -
AN . industrious colored woman desires wash-
ing to do at home or go out by the day. MRS.
M. LINDSAY. 127 Second st.
REFINED intelligent woman of ability wishes
the management or housekeeper for rooming-
house, . summer resort, or gentleman's home
where servants are kept; rets, exchanged.
Address J.H., 21. Taylor st.
COLORED woman wishes day's work, $i 25
'per day and car fare. Phone 5491. 1133 Clay.
WINCHESTER House 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket — 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50
to $6 week; convenient and respectable; free
__ bus -and baggage to and from ferry.
WANT ads and subscriptions - taken '¦ for The
_C£ll_at_Eaton p s Bazaar. 639 McAlllsterjit.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1093
Valencia st. . .
EMPLOYMENT WASTED MALE.
MIDDLE-AGED Dane, wishes situation in pri-
vate family; understands care of horses, cows
and garden; first-class recommendations.
I Box 4949, Call.
COOK'S helper, young man, German, with good
experience on the range, 'desires steady posi-
' tion;. city or country. Bnx 4S9J. Call.
] A BAKER, who has been working in a private
t institution for 12 years, wishes a like posl-
' tion. Box 4S85, Call.
.YOUNG man, good appearance, wishes position;
has thorough knowledge of Insurance; can
operate Remington . typewriter. LOUIS J.
LEE, 1911 Bush st .
A GERMAN gardener wants situation In pri-
vate place; can milk.' run gasoline engine;
t good references. Address 2S6 Natoma st.
' MAN and wife, experienced and reliable, want
charge of place /or work . on, ranch. Address
G., 053 Mission St., S. F. .
PLUMBE*t, English, . wants work; good all-
round hand. Box 1404. Call.
CARPENTER wants work. 864% Mission st.,
room 3. : - .
RELIABLE young carpenter wants position;
| has tools; wages $10 to $15 per week: 2 years'
i ex P e »ence in general jobbing. Box 1410, Call.
j COOK would like to go to Alaska; capable of
taking charge of camp. Address J. H.
HENRY, care Al White. East Berkeley.
WANTED — Position by correspondent and ad-
vertising writer; highest class Eastern refer-
ences and experience in department store,
mall order and hardware business. Box
4052. Call office. ~ .
YOUNG man of 23, good penman, quick and
accurate at figures, with some knowledge of
bookkeeping, wants work as clerk.' packer or
any kind; best city references. Box 4S79, Call.
j JOBBING blacksmith and shoer, married and
¦ steady, wishes a situation; wages reasonable;
! custom shop. Address F. M., Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz County, Cal.
YOUNG man wishes position as night cleric In
- hotel or boarding-house; good upholsterer and
draper: make himself useful : country prefer- ;
J red. H. R.y 700 California st.
I WANT a position as working foreman of ware-
house; thoroughly understand storing and
shipping of merchandise; good reference.
Brix 1556. Call office. -
j SURGICAL and rnedfeal nurse; Al ref. ; rates
$1 SO a day. Box 4081. Call. . v '
I WANTED— Place as washer, starchar or' fln-
i isher. Box 4874, Call office. '.
j GOOD experienced Chinese cook wishes pocl-
j tion in hotel or boarding-house. Address
I YEE LING. 20 Prospect place. . n .
CLASSIFIED - advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch "office. 2200 FiHmore.
A BRANCH office "for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been .established at 1090
: Valencia, st. ' ' - " .; r-> :;-.¦• - ¦. ¦. ! ¦
" ' ' ' Fl Jt AX CI A L." V ' "
59.990 SHARES of the capital stock, of the
Flores Hole & Co. were sold at auction on
March 21st; the time for confirmation of the
sale by the Superior Court has been set. for
April 28th at 2 o'clock p. m., in Department
0; .any person may appear in Court on that
day and overbid the purchasers; the highest
bidder, If the price is satisfactory to the
Court, will secure the property.. For other
property of the estate for sale same day see
"Country Real Estate" and "City Real Es-
tate" columns of this paper. For all Infor-
mation apuly to • • -
McGLYNN & MENTON.
- Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers, Room
22. Chronicle* building. — »-
PACIFIC Underwriting & Trust Co. (Inc.) — We
have 42 offle'es In operation; new method of
placing stocks and bonds; companies incor-
porated; stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
or address main office, 507-8-9 Parrott bldg.
COMPANIES incorporated and financed; stocks
and bonds sold; good projects wanted; lnves-
. tisate our underwriting guarantee plan; write
us. Pac. States I.IInlng&Invest. Co., 326 Post
?5C00 TQ be loaned on real estate security by
May 1; no agents. Box 49SV Call office.
• FLATS "TO v LET.
FINE sunny flat.-C rooms and bath; rent $25.
2134 O'Farrell st.
NEAR new City Hall; Hat, 5 rooms and bath.
CV£ Grove st. . . *» • .. •
PINE. 2132 — 6 rooms, bath; all modern; large
• .. back yard; fine basement. Owner. 2134 Pine.
[ LOWER flat: -'! choice sunny rooms; pantry,
J , storeroom, ?12. 2J1O Clay st., near Flllmore.
j O'FARRELL, 1833— Modern fiatv 6 rooms,
bath, yard, basement; reasonable.
A WEEK'S news for C cents— The Weekly Call.
Hi paces, in wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
FLATS TO LET— FURXISIIED.
• Furnished flat. 7 rm*.. bath; Devlsadero," near
Sacramento. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgmry.
DESIRABLE newly furnished modern flat of 0
rooms to let for the summer. 2659 Stelner.
GOLDEN GATE, 1517—4 rms.; bath ;gas range;
garden; $25; lower flat. 2 rms.. $12 50; 1 to 4.
L FURylTIJnE ' FOR SALE.
AT CAVANAUGH . Furniture Col.- 848 and S50
, Mission st. — Special inlaid linoleum, 65c yard-
1 couches. $3; stoves, $5; chairs, 35c; bed sets,
• $8 and up; 4 rms. furn., oak, $48, No, 7 stove.
$200 — 7-ROOM. house; good' furniture; 4 rooms
rented; house rent $18; goings East; must
sell.- 1416B Howard st. ' .'¦>¦¦.¦:
4 ROOMS furnished In oak, $48 50. with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
FTTRNITURE, 0 rooms, as a whole, or by piece.
40 Hill st.. corner. Guerrero.
FURK ITURE WANTED.
BIG price paid for furniture for CO days; special
reasons. S. J. WAUGH. r. 415. Examiner big.
D. & F. BLACK suede gloves; best In the world-
. warranted; kept In repair. 121 Grant ave.
'-~>~~~U~ GLOVES. :".., ,
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St., pays^highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel.. Red 1354.
j ;.- HELP WASTED— FKMALE.~~~
WANTED— i cooks/ $30;- 3 parlor maids, $25-
.chamber work > and sewlns, $20; 0 second
girls, $20 $25; 8 family hotel waitresses $>o •
housework, San Rafael, no 'washing, 2 in
family, $30; 3 chambermaids 'and waitresses
for country $20, $25; also a large number of
girls for - all kinds - of housework city . and
country. Apply to J. F. CROSETT &.CO.
334 Sutter si ¦' ' < /. ¦ " ¦ „ ; .
¦ EXPERIENCED operators on : ladles' under-
. :wear. 650 Mission . st.', third floor. —
EXPERIENCED, operators 'on - ladles' over-
: skirts; good pay.. ,650 Mission st., third floor.
EXPERIENCED operators on ladies' waists-
good pay.y 650 Mission St., third floor. .
FOR good help cair 615 Ash ave.'; between La-'
f-i guna and Buchanan sts.; -*<-; ,. . . •
A GOOD maker wanted In millinery store at
- 002 McAllister, st. - -
GIRL" in. printing office; $3 week. 40 CaHI
,' :* fornla st. • ••... '. ; -. >.. ... ..' ''-'/-.:'
WANTED— Ah ' Intelligent second girl for small
. - family; state wayes desired. ¦: Box. 1401. ; Ca! 1.
; FIRST-CLASS' solicitor-for-. tailor-made suits";
;> references required. ¦' ; Box 1403, Call. -
FIRST-CLASS pants finisher. "'32 Jolco ¦«*..'. off
California, near Stockton.. : ->n^'*:
HELP WAXTEP-— MALE-— Con. _
\a— M%RRAY~_ READY. . ... .634-636 Clay St.
:... Phone Main 584S ¦•••
..Leading Employment and Labor Agents.'.
Office onen 7 a. m
FREE FARE ; FREE FARE
....For Nevada and Salt Lake Division
755 teamsters .$2 to $2 50 day
355 laborers $2 to 52 00 day
ICW reckmen Steel gangs.. ...Stonemasons
- Carpenters, helpers and all classeS'of R. R-
help...$2, $2 50. $3. $3 50 day... SHIP FREE
MURRAY & READY. «34-63C Clay St.
A — ENGINEERS Carpenters . . .Blacksmiths
Woodworkers, masons and masons' helpers.'
carriage and wagonmakers, painters, brick
molders, setters; CU different mechanical jobs.
ALSO
5 masons* helpers, brick pitchers, brick
¦ molders, kiln burners, brick setters, off-
bearers; above positions are in San Francisco
and all parts of California: wages $90. *S0,
?75 and $3 CO. $2 50, $.$, ?2 day.. COME SEE
..TO SAWMILLS. WOODS, MINES. ETC..
Located in all parts of California. Washing-
ton, Oregon, etc 25tt men
as laborers, teamsters, gang edgermen, tree
fellers, head setters, screw turners; men to
cut, saw and split ties, and all other classes
•of help used in mills and woods; shingle
packers, log snipers, laborers, miners; 25 la-
borers for quarries, etc., $•{ 50, $3, $2 50. $2.
$1 <5 day and by the month with board......
MANUFACTURING, EXCAVATING
• BUILDING. ETC.
355 laborers, teamsters, for different Jobs In
, Ban Francisco and almost every town in Cal-
ifornia; some eight-hour Jobs, $2 50, $2, ?1 75
day Z. ..........
4. FARM. ORCHARD," VINEYARD .".'.". ." .
• •• • ••• • • .DAIRIES, ETC
ao4 men to do every class of farm, orchard,
vineyard, stock farm work. $25, $26, $30 and
. found; 15 choremen and boys, $10. $15. $20
and found; 35 milkers, butter and cheese
makers, can washers, scraper teamsters,
timekeeper R. R. camp, $90 to $30
..... STABLES MISCELLANEOUS
stablemen, hostlers, buggy washers, farm-
ers and wives, $60. $50; eight mule teamsters.
...MAN AND WIFE AROUND RESORT...
••••••••• $50 and found
HOTEL, COFFEE SALOON. RESTAURANT
•• DEPARTMENT
<» cooks for hotels, resorts, cafes, saloons,
springs, R. R. depots, camps. ran;hj<5. mines.
o« c> *. b5 ' * 50 ' * 40 - * 35 - * 3 °. * 25 and found;
JO waiters and dishwashers, $40, $35, $30, $20
and found, and hundreds of other positions
not advertised. MURRAY &. READY,
- 634-636 Clay st.
H0T - EL stewar d, $40 and found; butler for city,
?45 to $50; cook for camp, $G0- boarding-
house cook, $35; 4th hand on bread, $8 week
and found; steward, country hospital. $30
and found; waiters, pantryman, elevator boy,
bell boy. dishwashers; cook and wife for
kitchen work, ?50 and found. J. F. CROS-
_TT & CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED — For mill, north, fare advanced. 10
lumber pliers. $<i0; 3 rough carpenters. $60;
plain carpenter, $70; truck loader. $55, and
.trimmer's helper, $55. J F. CROSETT &
CO., 628 Sacramento st.
5 FARMERS for vineyards and orchards $25
and $30; milkers, $30; groom. $30 and found;
driver for coal cart. $2 day; coachman, city,
$•{0 and found: man about place, country,
$30 and found; 2 cheesemakers, $35 and $40
and found; choreman, $25 and found: and
others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacra-
mento st.
EDGERMAN, $3 day; 5 house carpenters for
country, $3 50 day; carpenters, city, $3 50
day; blacksmith, $2 50 day; painter and
paper-hanger. $1 50 day and board ; box-
nailers; -boys for factory, 60c to 75c day;
miners. $2 50 to $2 75 day and $2 day and
board; 6 laborers about mill, $30 and board,
fare advanced; 5 laborers. $35 and board; 5
'drillers, $2 25 day. free fare; and many
others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., «2S Sacra-
mento st.
ENERGETIC man for steady work; good pay
to good talker. THOMPSON. 1170 Mkt, r. 110.
WANTED — Porter, Hotel Albany. 15th and
Broadway, Oakland, $25; room and board.
WANTED— Able-bodied reliable men; no fee.
Apply 526 Montgomery St., room 1.
CANVASSER— A good thing for the right man;
something new. 1161A Mission st. -
SMALL boy wanted. 174 Townsend st.
. BARBER wanted; steady. 4073 Eighteenth St.,
near Castro.
WANTED— A boy for a dining-room. 22S
Kearny st.
BARBER wanted at 39 \(, Turk st.
WANTED— Good cake foreman. 911% Larkln
street.
WANTED — Fourth-hand bread baker; wages
$35. board and lodging. 911 »5 Larkln st.
GORDON press feeder wanted. 310 Hayes
street.-
WANTED — An experienced shirt rubber. Oak-
land Laundry Co., <il>0 29th St., Oakland.
WANTED — Steady man to Jain a reliable man
as -partner in a cash business on principal
business street; sure for $25 per week each;
nd previous experience required: business es-
tablished ti years; $200 cash capital required.
Apply K. KENNY, 75 Third st.
BARBERS — Best chance in San Jose; 2-chalr
shop, .all new; cigars,- stationery and laundry
office; must be sold this week. Address e".
N.. 184 S. Second St., San Jose. Cal.
WANTED— For U. S: army, ablebodled unmar-
ried men. between ages of 21 and 35; citizens
of United States, of good character and tem-
perate habits, who can speak, read and writs
English. For Information apply to Recruit-
Ing Officer. 121 New Montgomery st-. San
: Francisco, or Masonic building. Sacramento.
GOOD barber wanted at 505 Fourteenth St.,
Oakland.
WANTED — Cash boy. 14 years cf age or over.
Apply between 8 and 11 a, m. at HALE
BROS.' ¦
WANTED — A few energetic, intelligent gentle-
men to present an attractive, first-class finan-
cial proposition; successful candidates earn
$100 to $300 mo.; salary and liberal commis-
sion paid. Apply T. W. Griffin, dally from 2
to 4 p. m., ex. Sun.. St. Nicholas Hotel, room
237, 1606 Market st.
WANTED — Recruits for the marine corps, U.
S. navy; able-bod.ed, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than 5 feet 4 Inches and not over 6 feet 1
inch; able to speak and read English. For
further Information apply at the Recruiting
Office. 40 Ellis st.. San Francisco.
MECHANICAL draughtsman; only first-class
man need apply; technical roan preferred; no
' attention paid to answers unless giving full
detail of experience and where previously em-
ploytyd. Box 4S10. Call office.
WANTED — Cabinetmakers and machine hands.
Apply MANGRUM & OTTER. 583 Market St.
WANTED — Cabinetmakers and machine hands.
Apply MANGRUM & OTTER, 551-583 Mar-
ket st. . ¦
WANTED— One first-class carriage blacksmith.
2 blacksmith finishers and 1 first-class body-
mnker. Inquire, stating experience, of A.
MEISTER & SONS CO.. Sacramento. Cal.
WANTED — Reliable young man for plain work
with established firm. $15 to $17 week; per-
manent, place; must have some cash. BROWN
6 CO., 1221 Market st., upstairs.
MEN to learn barber trade; barbers in de-
mand; only requires 8 weeks; tools donated-
catalogue free. MOLER'S BARBER COL-
¦ LEOE. 635 Clay st. - ' ,
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
. runs Denver House. 217 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms; 2f>c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
OFFICE boy about 15 In wholesale house; must
be graduate grammar school and well recom-
mended; no cigarette smokers. Box 4928, Call.
WANTED — Man for light work; no experience
necessary; good wages; requires $150. 835
' Market St., room 14.
CANVASSERS wanted; can make big monev
Call KOLANDER'S Music Store. 1484 Ma£
ket s.t. - - . •
FOR sale — Barbers* 3-chalr shop; 3 rooms- cen-
tral; low rent: paying $30 per week; price
.. $150. Box 1451. Call office. P
A— STEADY man with ?200 cash can make
$100 month, year round. 209 Kearny st.
FIRST-CLASS operator wanted oil -coats a
N. WOOD _ CO.. 27 Geary at. "^ TO *":. - r.T
COATMAKERS: steady work: rood pay*
BELASCO & HARRIS CO.. 541 Market st.
COATMAKER and I bushelman for country"
Apply REISS BROS. & CO.. 21 Sutter st.
PRESSER on coats; steady work; good Dav
541 Market st. " *'
BAKER — Sea business chances.
v FIRST-CLASS Jeweler and diamond setter;
permanent Job; good wages. Box 4797, Call.
FIRST-CLASS tailors: good pay; steady em-
ployment. .541; Market st.
BARBERS— Good-paying 2-chalr barber shop A.
bath for sale. II. FALK. Angels Camp, Cal.
FIRST-CLASS operator on pants; steady em-
•¦ ployment. 541 Market st.
COATMAKERS; good pay; steady employment.
; 541 Market st. ¦ . ¦ ' V» -'-
YOUNG -man to do Janltcr work for -his tui-
tlon. S. F. Barber College. 741A Howard.
PENSION and extra pay. Write SHERWOOD
C2J Markt. ; past com. Wattrous Jfost.G.A.R.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Europe and
Australia. HERMAN'S. 2C Steuart st.
GET your shoes half-soled while ' waiting; 25c
. to 50c 563 Mission St.. bet.- 1st and 2d sts.
PENSION atty.. , E. A. Buliis. room 40, PhTtan
big. Past Com. Geo. H.* Thomas Post, G.A.R.
COO MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army shoes,
' . 60c up; soling 20c up. ' 923 Howard St., nr. 6lh.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year..
BRANCH OFFICES— 327 Montgomery street.
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
300 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
C39 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
315 Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
1911 Mission 6treet; open until 10 p. m.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 p. m.
100 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
103C Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; cpen until 9 p. m.
2200 FiHmore street; open until 0 p. m.
MEETING NPTICES.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 5, R. A. M.. •
will meet THIS (TL'ESDAT) EVICN'-^%
ING. April 2-.', at 1::W o'clock; II. A. ]%2\
degree. By order of the H. P. * ~ '
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
GOLDEN Gate Lodge No. 30. F. _ A. ¦
M.— Called meeting THIS (TUESDAY) _/%_
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock; officers ol ]&2\
Excelsior Lodge No. 166, F. & A. M., / ~r '
will confer\thlrd degree; Master Masons cor-
dially invited. By order of the W. M.
EDWIN L. MEYER. Secretay.
PACIFIC Lodce No. 13fi, F. _ A. M-. J>
121 Eddy St., meets THIS (TUESDAY)
EVENING, 7:j0 o'clock; 2nd degree TC3C
GEORGE PENLINGTON. Sec 't**
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144, F. & A. M. ||~"
—First degree THIS (TUESDAY) _1\.
EVENING, at 7:^0 o'clock. 7_f\
A. S. HEBBARD. Sec /^T
OFFICERS and members of Fams-
worth Lodge No. 05, I. O. O. F-, — ggT^gcC
Unity Lodge No. 131. I. O. O. F-. "^g£S*&S?
Pacific Lodge No. 155, I. O. O. F.. "»»»W
Ophlr Lodge No. 171. 1. O. O. F., Alta Lodge
No 205. I. O. O. F. and Golden West Lodge
No. 322, I. O. O. F.. are notified to assem-
ble In district meeting with Unity Lodge No.
131, corner Sixteenth and Valencia streets, on |
TUESDAY EVENING. April 22. 1902; all
Odd Fellows in good standing are cordially
invited to attend.
WM. E. DUBOIS. D. D. G. M..
District No. 67.
ALL Odd Fellows who desire to a2^.
attend the eighty-third anr.iver- .^y_gS_
scry picnic .SATURDAY, April
26, at Camp Taylor, will kiadjy "- a » w>
meet at the Sausalito ferry in time to take
the 9:30 boat. Tickets. *1: children.- r>Oc.
THE COMMITTEE.
TCOTICE to the stockholders of The Rlsdon
Iron and Locomotive Works is hereby given j
that, in pursuance of a resolution of the
Board cf Directors of 6aid corporation,
unanimously adopted at a meeting of said
board, held at the office of the corporation.
In the city and county of San Francisco,
State of California, on the 17th day of
March, 1902. a meeting cf the stockholders
of The Risdon Iron and Locomotive Works
will he held at the office of the corporation.
No. £9S Steuart Et., la the city and county of
San Francisco, State of California (the same
being the principal place of business of sail
corporation and the building where the Board
cf Directors usually meet), on WEDNES-
DAY, the 21st day of May. 10C2. at the hour
of 11 o'clock a. m., for the purpose of con-
-cidering and acting upon a proposition to
create a bonded indebtedness of said corpo-
ration to the amount of six hundred thou-
sand (CO0.O00) dollars. United States gold
coin, for the purpose of providing moneys
to purchase additional property to complete
the works and extend the business of the
corporation, and for legitimate and neces-
sary purposes. By order of the Board of
Directors.
(Signed.) AUGUSTUS TAYLOR.
Secretary of The RIsfion Iron and Locomo-
tlve Works.
' AGEXTS WA3VTEP.
AGF.NTS— $10 daily, introducing our Brilliant
Gaslight Burners; families business houses,
banks, churches, private _ public buildings
buy at sight; these burners are what the peo-
j le are looking for; they do not require a
chimney (to break)or wick to trim, _ make no
f=mcke and dirt: fit any coal oil lamp without
expense or trouble. _ produce best, cheapest
& cleanest light; it is a great money maker
fot aecnts; 200 per cent proSt; write at onoe
* get to work right away; sample free. En-
tarprise Mfg. Co.. B. 867. Cincinnati. Ohio.
AGENTS for a patent money maker, something
r.ew. Manhattan Food Co.. 1253 Folsom st
ATTOBXEYS AT LAW.
K. W. KING. atty.. Examiner building, room
C13: all cases; damages, estate*, wills, mort-
cz-ges, partnerships, attachments, collections
etc.; legal papers drawn; consultation free;
no advance chcrses; open eve's; call or write.
ADVICE free: divorces a specialty ;quick;quiet;
no charge without success; established 16 yrs
G. W. HOWE. 850 Market rt.. cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; open every evening; low fees;
a'-l cases. J. M. THURSTON. 818 Market ft.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Mar-
kct «t. : consultation free; no fees' in advance.
BICYCLES — For Sale or Exchange.
ALLEN has some swell bicycles cheap, dirt
cheap. Call and see for yourself; repairing.
301 Larkln st. and 305 Marker' Et.
UIRDS. DOGS. ETC.
WARBLING canaries and all kinds of song,
talking and fancy birds; gold fish, pet stock,
cages, globes, aquariums; bird and animal
food of all klr.ds. 154C Market st.. bet.8th&9th.
BOOKS SEW A.\D OLD.
BOOKS of all kinds bought ; libraries purchased
II. C. Holmes. 1149 Market; tel. Howard 194G!
BUSINESS CUASCES. J~ j
A— f 1100; COR. grocery and bar. wlth~livlng
rooms and bath. In best location of the Mis-
sion; rent $15; a good paying business, call
R. G. WILKE. 2«'j Keamy st.
A— SI 500; SALOON, few doors from Market
Et.; firrt-class paying; established yew.
K. G. \\ ILKE, 20^2 Kearny Ft.
A— I HAVE few of the best paying saloons for i
eal»: pric*. from $4u00 to $5000; choicest loca- '
tion in this city. Call R. G. WILKE 26»4 !
Kearny Bt. '
A— $4200; DAIRY produce, delicatessen and ta-
riial» depot, clearing $400 per month; rent-
»i«ti; no better investment in any kind o'
business. Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A— ?C50; SALOON with 7 furnished rooms; rent
*40; place first-class paying; surrounded bv
rallrcal Fhops. planing mills and- lumber
? ards. Call R. G. WILKE, 20 H -Kearny st
A— DELICATESSEN and fancy grocery In
chn.cesFt location of this city; established
rnany years; large trade; big profits; stock
lrvoices about JW5C0; price $4000; rent |20.
Call R. G. 1MLKE. 2li% Kearny «t
A-S8S0; BUTCHER shop; established years-
acng a flirt-class business; located in Oak-
land; rest *35. including 7 rooms. 2 horses.
IrScTfte-flQ C «r" PartIculars R - G - WILKE.
A .«?r l r ); ii R A RE , cnance : of Market
«nd McAllister sts.; rent $55. Including « prl-
i'."i? r? oms; a bargain. Call R. G. WILKE,
20»/a Kearny st.
A— $1200; RARE chance; notions, cigars, can-
dy and variety store, with telephone office,
lnbooming town across the bay; place clears
aboie $250 ouring 8 months In year; investl-
gat« at once. R. G. WILKE. 2<4 Kearov st.
A A. STENBERG... ~
795 Market et Te! BUick's-Jai
......Money Advanced on Any Business...
...If \ou Wtnt Invest in a Good Business
Or S«U Your Merchandis«..
-•••••• For Cash .. " **
• Why Don't You See.. *"
A. STENBERG. 759 Market' 'si. ' '
U00-RE6TAURAKT on Market; must be sold :
bargain. A. STENBERG. 759 Market St.
A $350
• •••••• RESTAURANT .'.'.'.'.'"
Must be sold at once; rent only $30. For sale
only by A. STENBERG. 759 Market st.
A— 30 CIGAR stands; prices. $75 to S^OOO- I
rent. $6 to $125 mopthty; profit. $2 to *7
oally. HEDGES. 461-4C2 Parrott building.
A— CANDY store; old established; heart of city"-
rnust be sacrificed; owner called Eaet? beau^
«ful fixtures; rent right, price right, location
right, pronts right; no good will? JuitTctMi
value. Think this over, then see HEDGl'S
4C1-4C2 Parrott blflg., 825 Market gt'
$300— PARTNER wanted in H ff ht business-
f u i t t d ,*£ Slain, steady man satisfied with
$18 to $25 a week; no experience required- no
it g^.zr&gy. *™? **-¦--
RESTAURANT— Daily average $18; good fix-
tures; worth $400; must be sold on Monday -
make offer.
HI Market * <&,_Lffg[ g g°ffi% h .
$C00-RESTAURANT. Market st.; 30 regular
boarders; clean ?150 month, or will take
partner; a snap. BTIOWN. 1221 Market at:
AN experienced merchant. o% good standing
with 2S years' business acquaintance In this
city and on this coast, desires to Invert from
$5000 to $10,000 In a etrictly legitimate mer-
cantile or corr.niitj-ion business in this city
where he can furnish his services as "Well as
capital ; advertiser will either buy an interest
in en established business or will join re-
liable parties In starting a new one; propo-
sition offered must stand the most rigid in-
vestigation ; all correspondence will be con-
fidential: references required and exchanged-
will deal with prinel:*ls only. Address
"Commercial." box 1488. Call. • .
FOR Sale — Grocery and bar; north of Market
et.; corner; no opposition; doing a good busi-
ness; owner tick. Box 4893, Call. .
• CLAIRVOYAKTS. ¦.¦-- '}¦¦¦/_ |
MME. E. BERNARD,
THE FAMOUS . .
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third St., next Examiner bldg.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accurate
description of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur in the fu-
ture. If you are in trouble, discontented., un-
happy or not satisfied' in life, or have domestic,'
love or business troubles, consult this great me-
dium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life; 25c
up; satisfaction guaranteed. , Tel Black 4560.
ISMAR THE GYPSY ~ .; !^ "
¦ - Has Removed To
1104 Market st. Corner Turk. - ,
Ismar, the Egyptian seeress, has .removed to
more commodious quarters In the Vendome,
1104 Market St., corner Turk, offices 0 and 10,'
where she can be consulted dally on all af-
fairs of life. Hours, 10 a.m. to 5 p. m^Sun-
days 10 to 12 m. ' " '
MRS. DR.* F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket St., cor. Golden Gate ave., rooms 25 and
26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall; send stamp for pamphlet
-with special terms. Dally and Sundays '
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil — second sight;
diagnoses diseases with life reading;ladies50c,
gents $1; palm, and clair. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
A — MISS M. W1LLE, 320A Ellis; clairvoyant,
crystal seer;« reads your life correctly without
- ques.; full names; 50c-$li 10 a. m. to 8 p.m.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
A — Mrs. Melvill, wonderful clairvoyant, water
reader. 11 eth; German spoken; hours, 9 to 9.
MME. HANSEN, well-known clairvoyant.cards,
palm, 25c; satisfaction guar. 14S Cth, r. 14.
CARD reading and astrology. 148 6th st., room
22, second floor ; horoscopes cast by mall.
MME' WALTERS, great card reader; la. 25c;
genta 50c. 951 Mission, near 6th; open Sun.
LINCOLN — Clairvoyant and high psychist;
hours 11 to 3; readings by mail. 125. Turk st.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant card reader; ladles
25c, gents COc; readings dally. 132 Sixth st.
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader, from Louisiana;
only 10c; from 1 to S. 262 Minna st., nr. 4th.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing works, 353-357 Tehama st; tel. South 40.
Karlson Karpet Co. — Cleaning 3c yd. ;upholster- j
ing.1213 Market.bet.Sth&9th;tel.Howard 2912.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st. ;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st. ; tel. Mission 263.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. G. H.
¦ STEVENS. Mgr.. 38-40 8th st; tel. South 250.
CALIFORNIA Carpet-beating Co., J. McQueen,
proprietor, 329 Guerrero st. ; tel. Mission 49.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works.
333 Golden Gate ave. ; telephone East 126.
IMPROVED carpet-cleaning works. 1512 Polk;
tel. Eest 725. A. G. KLEINERT, Prop. ]
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vating Co., 240 14th st; tel. Mission 74.
FOR lowest prices in carpet-cleaning ring up |
PRICE & CO.. Howard 2t75; office 15 8th st.
COLLECTION OFFICES. " j
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency — No cnarge
unlers successful. Room 310, 927 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
MENLO (Fair Oaks) — New Cottage, 7 rooms,
bath, furnished. A. R. HARRISON, 7^8 Geary.
DENTISTS.^
A— DR. T. S. HIGGINS. 927 Market 6t, Emma
Spreckels bldg. — Painless dentistry at reason-
able prices; pure gold fillings, $1 50; other fill- I
_ings, $1; gold and porcelain crowns, $5 up; I
plates, a full set of teeth that look natural
and guaranteed. $5 up. ..¦ ¦
Painless extraction.
I do first-class work only and guarantee it.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plate, bridges
and fillings; extractions or filling by my won- i
derful secret, painless method ; 20 -ears'- ex-
perlerce; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE AV. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st. .
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Market, cor.
4th. r. 7. Flood bldg.; extractions done pain- !
lessly; teeth without plates our specialty; gold ;
crowns $3 50 up; plates, extractions free. $t r>0 i
up; office hours. 9 a. m. to 9 p. m. ; Sundays, j
9 to 2. J. W. THATCHER, D.D.S.. Manager. I
EASY Dental Parlors, 6 Turkist.. cor. Mason — j
Expert painless extractors; skilled operator*.; |
gas given: lady attendant. R. C. ANDER- J
SON.D.D.S.. proprietor and manager. . , j
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs. ; crowns. $3 50; fillings, 50c;
plates, $5, full set: all work painless and .war-
_ranted. Chicago Dental 'Parlors. 24 Sixth st
PARIS Deatal Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns. $3; fillings. 50c.
DR. E. P. SHEPARD. 14 Geary St.— Expert
workmanship only; reasonable; hours 10 to 4.
MEYER. 46 O'Farrell. late of 6 Turk St.—
Crown and bridge work; gas specialist.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. • O.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st. --
DRESSMAKERS AND SEA3ISTI1ESSE8
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School;
corset-making taught; patterns cut. 1019 Mkt.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S SCHOOL bF^ELECTRlcALrENGI-
NEERING-«-Theory. demonstration, construc-
tion, laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
practical; day and night. 24 Post st, S. F.;
catalogue free. -•
AYRES' Leading Business' College, 723 Market
— $8 per month; $50 life scholarship guaran-
tees a complete bus. education; shorthand,
typing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship, ,
spelling, Spanish, etc.; experienced teachers; 1
new typewriters: positions secured; cat. free.
A— GALLAGHER-MARSH College, Indorsed by
all expert court reporters, will remove from
Parrot building to more commodious quarters
at 13S2 Market st, on or about May 1, 1P02.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES, 24 POST ST.,
S. F. — Thorough courses; complete equipment;
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day and night: catalogue free.
A — THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges: references. President Jordan or any j
Stanford professor. Phelan building. * |
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec. mining, mech: sur- !
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1864. Van I
der Nalllen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall. •
ACCOUNTING — Most thorough course on coast;
beginners and college graduates perfected.
TARR. expert accountant. 210 Parrott bld«.
CALIFORNIA Business College;-most thorough
.modern methods; positions for all graduates;
new 60-page catalogue free. 305 Larkln st.
ALL Gregg stenographers secure positions; 34
good positions In March: rapid figures a spe-
clalty. S. F. Business College. 1236 Market.
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallet School;
assfcoclated with theatrical agency securing po-
Fitlors. Alcazar building.- 120 O'Farrell st.
HARPIST, only teacher In West, desires pupils
MME. CARUSI, Hallet School Acting 120
O'Farrell st. . . - "
STENOGRAPHY & typewriting; individual in-
structlon; Pitman system; $5 mo. 1317 Folsom.
SPANISH.French.etc.Prof.DeFilippe'sAcademy
of Languages,320Post;estab'd lS71;ablest profa.
VIOLIN, guitar, mandolin, banjo tauzht In
class, $1 mo. 426 O'Farrell; phone Plne / 43.X-
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve. : $5 mo. ' 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
SHORTHAND taught . by .mall or personally.
MISS M. G.. BARRETT. 302 Montgomery st.
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof. MERKI, good
teacher. 1008 Mission; instruments selected.
KENT Law School, day and night. 554 Par-
rott building (Emporium). —-'
DANCING quickly taught: private or class.*
BARKER'S Academy. 723 Market st.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post St.. 8. F.;
¦founded 1S63: new 80-page .catalogue 'free.
— _________ -____._
ELEVATORS Inspected and repaired at moderate
prices. J.E.Upphoff.665 Mission; tel. John 3856.
. EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A — JAPANESE reliable house-cleaningr,- cooks
. and' waiters furnished at short notice. Geo
KiPQEhlta 1293 Page, cor. Lyon;,tel.FeIl 8501.
JAPANESE* Intelligence Of flee— Furnish < most
reliable help. 524 Bush st ; tel* Bush 616.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab - 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
Grand Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office 415 Stock-
¦ ton;, tel. Grant 168: expert, reliable help.
JAPANESE and Chinese best' help; cook and
waiter. 421 Post. GEO. AOKI; tel. Bush 135.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
¦ flee; all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 5183.
ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese Chi-
ne«e help. 420 Powell.nr.Suttrr:tel.Black 5072.
EMPLOYMENT WAXTEP-. FEMALE.
BY 2 young Swedish girls, "Just from the East
want- situations • as .< cook - and second tirl'
same house. Can'be seen at J..F.' CROSETT
_ CO.'S, 334 Sutter st ; phone Main 5300.
A STEADY, competent ; person ' wishes position
to' do general ¦¦ housework ¦ in.' : small" family •
¦ wages ?20.' \ 421 Franklin bt. ¦ f ¦ , ,-
BUSINESS CHANCES-- Continued. ;
A— IF you want to sell your store, saloon, . coal
yard, routes of any kind or any other legiti-
mate business or want a partner in any falr-
r-aytng business see K. KENNY. 75 Third st.
Cash customers waiting; established 1SC8.
A^-K. KENNY. 75 Third st. has the following
safe-paying business Investments:
$400— Partner wanted in a handsomely
fitted-up oyster and chop house on Market
et; fine business; no previous experience re-
quired; must be a steady man. *
$1000 — Butcher shop; a great chance; retail
trade of 6 cattle per week; fine location; beat
reasons for selling.
$1000 — Coal. wood, hay and grain business;
best stand in the city; has a fine trade; 22
stalls; let to steady men.
$475 — Fine candy store; choice location; Iso.
1 theater atd general trade; clears "$lO(Lper
month; owner sick in hospital. - - -
$300 — Saloon; well located; on Third st; 2
living rooms; good business: low fent.
$300 — Corner cigar store; prominent busi-
ness street; sure to clear over $75 per month;
low rent; fine paying . laundry agency con-
nected.
$250— Branch bakery and dairy produce
store; any lady can run it; choice corner lo-
cation; clears $60 month; nice living rooms.
$800— Partner wanted to attend to the tak-
ing of cash in a fine business on best busi-
ness street; doing a large trade: owner will
guarantee over $100 per month clear to each
and increasing; too much for one to attend
to, full value given and a good man to be
connected with; no previous experience re-
qulred. Apply K. KENNY. 75 Third st.
WHY draw 3 per cent a year from bank?
We average nearly 6 per cent every wee-
Years doing business and never a loss. -
Over 2000 Investors here in this city.
Dividends paid every Monday at our office.
You can draw money at any time.
Guarantee larger profits than any other firm.
We- accept Investments of $10 up. . :
• Write or call for Interesting literature.
American Co-operative Association.
Suite 615, Emma Spreckels building.
Treasurer's department open evening, 7-8. i
A— JOSEPH STRAUB,
S50 Market St., cor. Stockton.
• - Telephone Grant 177. -
Real Estate Agent.
Property Bought and Sold.
Rents Collected.
Loans Negotiated.
Legitimate Business Agent.
WE have lodging-house's, stores, restaurants,
laundries, saloons, hotels, cigar stands and
many other business chances for sale; also
city and country real estate for sale or
exchange. Call or write for our free list.
HEALEY & CARR, 927 Market st.'. room 208.
A — $325 — COFFEE and chop house; receipts $20
day; rent $20; bargain. Strand, 209 Kearny. |
A — $575 — DELICACY store; receipts $16 day; i
rent $18; bargain. STRAND. 209 Kearny st. I
AN established paying medical specialist'!! busi-
ness for sale at a bargain; clearing $5000 a
year; name, lease, good will, furniture, fix-
tures, etc.; all go; opportunity giv>«n for in-
vestigation to those who mean business; sat-
isfactory reasons for selling. Box 4511. Call.
PARTNER to buy half interest In old estab-
lished cash grocery and liquor business; a re-
liable man can obtain partnership at invoice
price. Address box 1406, Call.
$200— PARTNER In profitable, legitimate office
business; established for years; experience
not necessary; investigate. 769 Market, r. 3.
RESTAURANT; place for man and wife; very
low rent; good bus.; cheap. Box 1402. Call, i
YOUNG man with $1000 can secure profitable i
business connection with responsible parties '
in old-established city business. _ox 1408,
Call office.
GROCERY and bar, north of Market: fine loca- i
tion; sales $20 per day; stock will invoice
$950; great bargain; all fresh clean groceries;
don't miss it. Business Board Trade, 326 Pine.
CANDY, notions store, laundry office: cheap;
2 living rooms; rent $12. 1626 Powell st
SALOON for sale; opposite the ferry.^ Apply
111 East St., north of Market.
$SO0 — SALOON; rare chance; heart of elty;
north Market; established years: good stock;
money-maker: $25, $30 day. 783 & Market.
BAKERY for sale, in good country town: old-
established business; reason for selling,
owner has other Interests. Box 1634, Call.
$9000— FINE grocery and saloon for sal«: at
terminus of car line; with house and 4 lots;
reasonable to right party. Box 4S18, Call.
$5000 — FIRST-CLASS country hotel business;
acc't Illness; part cash. Owner, box 4990, Call. ;
GOOD paying fruit and vegetable stand for
sale; well stocked. 12S1 Mission st.
OUTSIDE route this paper. Address box 4930.
Call. "
LODGIXG-HOUSES FOR SALE.
A LODGING-HOUSES
10 rooms; rent $50; modern building;
good furnishings; death cause of sell- i
Ing $SO0
20 rms.; rent $70; cent, loc.; mixed fur. 1300
23 rms.; rent $56; bay-window house.. 1700
27 rooms; rent $125: lease; fine furn... 3300
85 rms.; rent $300; location Al; elevator 7000
Lofjfging-houses and hotels to suit all
classes of buyers; large Hct; call and in-
vestigate before buying.
G. W. SCHWEINHARD.
917 Market st. (upstairs), bc-t 5th and 6th.
FLAT, elegantly furnished 3 months ago; will
¦ tell at great sacrifice: S175 secures it; fi rms.
and bath; all light rooms; sun all day. MOR-
RISON & CO-. 20 Montgomery 8 y. room 4.
LODGING-HOUSE (transient). 22 rms.: clear-
ing $175 per month; absolutely; will show
books; price, $1SOO; give easy terms if de-
eired. Morrison & Co., 26 roontgomery. r. 4.
LODGING-HOUSE. 10 rms.. downtown corner;
transient; furnished with oak; entire furni-
ture goes: $2C0 secures it. Apply to my
agents. Morrison & Co.. 26 Montgomery, r. 4.
GOOD transient house: new furniture. ... $1800
30 rms.; mechanics' hotel; man and wife 750
lfW rooms; country; transient; low rent. C500
3fi0 rooms; corner house for men 5000
50 rooms; offices and rooms; low rent... 3200
35/rms. ; Howard; rent only $65; terms. 3-101
40 rooms; man house; rent$15; bargain. 700
Money loaned at 1 per cent. *
Hotels, houses and flats. 5 to 200 rooms
EITEL & CARROLL. 1032 Market st.
12 ROOMS; oak and cherry furn; rent S55. 5850
7 rooms; flat; Van Ness; nice furniture 550
13 rooms; nicely furnished; good income 1CO0
11 rooms; housekeeping; rent $32.- C00
1? rooms; central; good furniture 1150
r;0 rooms; large and light; income $200. 2600
This is a partial list of our bargains. Call.
Liberal loans to buyers. Low rates.
HEALY & CARR. C27 Market st, room 20S.
DONALD INVESTMENT COMPANY.
800 Market st. — fine). .Phone Davis 281.
Reliable dealers in rooming-houses, hotels,
business chances and real estate.
: We furnish vacant houses and
Loan Money at lowest rates.
Something new every day.
New houses to lease.
ACCOUNT of sickness; must sell at once; se-
lect family hotel on best corner In S. F. ;
clears $950 month over expenses; long lease:
furniture and carpets best quality and nearly
new; cost $14,500; price $12,000; terms, part
cash, balance in easy installments: books
• open for Inspection to bona fide buyers. Ad-
dress Hotel, box 4990. Call office.
A. CAMERON _ CO.,
850 Market st. and 8 Stockton. St..
Rooms 21. 22. 23. Phone Bush 328.
If you have hotels, rooming-houses or business
to sell, list with us; buyers call; we can suit
you; have bargains in hotels, lodging-houses,
flats; all sizes and prices; in all parts of city.
A— Near The Call building.
MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market St., rms. 1-3.
Telephone Black 1-8-0-3.
Money to Loan
Pig free list of lodging-bouses at my office.
All for sale on easy terms. Please call.
A— H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market st.
Before buying a lodging-house, rooming-
hcuse. boardlng-housc, hotel and bar, city or
country. It will be to your advantage to call
at our office. - We do not offer places' for sale
unli-ps the value is in sight.
A — NOTICE— We have rooming-houses, all sizes
and prices, and in all parts of the city; get
our list first. MITCHELL & CO.. 1206 Mk't.
A SNAP — Lodging-house, 21 rooms; Kearny st:
. corner house: best furniture; nets $100 month:
only $1.700. McBRIDE & CO.. 765 Market st.
ATTENTION — To buy. sell or exchange, call on
A. H. RETSLOFF, phone John 531,
V_ 906 Market st.. corner Ellis.
FOR SALE — Rooming-house, sunny corner;
Powell st; 42 rooms; owner going to Nome;
prict. $4000. Box 1494. Call office. . .
SPIRITUALISM.
A — C. V. MILLER, world's famous materializ-
ing medium; spirits coeak face to face: seance
Tues., Fri.. Sun.. 8 p. m.; SOc. 10S4 Bush st.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. meium;
life reader: medical clairvoyant: sittings $1-
letter $2. 1164 O'Farrell »t; Ellis car.
MRS. GEORGE, writing medium; test circles
every eve., at residence. 8% Golden Gate ave •
1 15c; readings daily.
CONSULT X. Keller, divine healer. 408 Golden
Gate ave.; all diseases cured; hours 10-4, 7-3.
MME.' YOUNG'S demonstration of spirit return
to-night. 605 McAllister; 10c; come, ekeptlca.
MRS. HARLAND'S (circle to-night. Thurs., Fri.
Sun., 10c; trance *lt; read, daily.' 132 Sixth!
W. G. KEEGAN holds spiritual meeting every
night ex. Saturday; admission 10c. 148 Sixth.
Mrs. Seal, spiritual • and bus. medium; tobacco
habit cured or no pay. Avondale. 1424 Market.
EDWARD EARLE, 828 Ellis* readings dally;
phone Polk 1001; seance Sunday and Thurs.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J
' Meyer; sittings dally; test to all to-night; 10c.Racing Results in the East.
NEW YORK, April 21.— Aqueduct results:
First race, five furlongs, selling — Wartenlcht
won. Impetuous second, Ponca third. Time,
1:03. .
. Second race, seven furlongs — Francesco won,
Margraviat second, Early Eve third. Time,
1:272-5. , . , ¦ -
Third race, six furlongs, selling — Belle of
Medford won. May Harrison second, Somora
third. Time. 1:15. '
Fourth race, four and a half f urlonsra — Bf>n
son Hurst won, Alan second. Red Knight third.
Time, :B3 3-5. ; - - ¦ • .
Fifth race, five furlongs, selling — Cradon
won, Cassvllle second, Trenthara third. Time,
1:03 2-5.
Sixth race, seven furlongs, selling— Bounteous
won, Cresson second. Furlough II third. Time,
1:29 3-5. _; ;.i, - . ¦
CHICAGO, April 21.— Lakeside result.:
First race, five furlongs, selling — F. O. Good
won. Lucy • Crawford second, Overlace third.
Time, 1:031-5.
Second race, five and a half furlongs — Money
muss won,.. Father Wantker second, Pretorious
third. Time. l:CS3-5.
Third race, one mile and twenty yards — Teu
cer won, Ecome second, Cogswell third. Time,
1:45 3-5.
Fourth "race, one mile and seventy yards —
Plgby Bell won. Charley Moore second. Red
Apple third. Time. 1 :47 4-5.
Fifth race, four and a half furlongs— Pennant
won. Computation second. Seize third. Time.
:55 8-5. •
Sixth race, one mile and twenty yards — Mod
erator won. Lavator second, Big Injun third.
Time, 1:441-5.
MEMPHIS, April 21.— Montgomery Park
summary :
First race, five furlongs, selling — Eva Russell
won. Votary second, Ben Chance third. Time.
1:0346.
Second ¦ race, five furlongs — Waln-a-Molnea
won, - S«voy second, . Ice King third. Time,
l:0l%.-4aB$SIB?4lCa&AM
Third race, four and a half furlongs — "Wood
lake won. Lady Lake second, Au Revolr third.*
Time. :58?i. . < .
Fourth race. mile. Gayoso Hotel stakes, $1000
added — Terra . Flrma ' won, La Crlmae second.
The Rival. third. Time. lM2%.
Fifth. race, one mile and an eighth — The
Lady won. Scarlet Lily second. Maxlmua third,
Time. 1:54%.
Sixth race, one mile, sjj^ig — Mr. Pomeroy
won. Ermack second. Choral Boy third. Time,
1:42%. '-•••.
Seventh race, one mile— "Wild Pirate won.
Satin Coat second, The , Four Hundred third.
Time, 1:«U.
Second race — -Tonie, EsterneU^
Winnecook.
Third race — Little Margaret,
Amoruna, Donami.
Fourth race— John Boggs, Dollla
Weitho_; Katie Walcbtt. - r
Sift— raca — Quadra, CoastabI*,
Sixth ' race— Sernota, Hub us, Baa-
First race— Lento, El Filar, Ned
Dennis.
SELECTIONS FOB TO-DAY.
Manager Price stated yesterday that
about $4500 was realized on the Milroy
benefit.
Persico was not seriously injured when
Reina 1 de Celia fell with him In the third
"Donnelly and Conley divided the sad
dle horors, each riding two winners.
"Horses in Training, 1303," ?s out, and
can J>e obtained from the .publisher. .H.
A. Buck, 571 Fifth avenue,: New York. Jt
contains a complete list of the horses
in training, both East and West, as well
ts the owner, trainer and stable jockey.
The. price is $1. '¦-.-. -
-Following are the entries for this'after
noon's events.
First race— Seven furlongs; selling; three
year-olds and upward. - l_g&g£p_V«f5
(•>701)Master Cal. ..100 3C14 Parsifal ". ....108
2701 San AugusUnelOrtl .... Ban Laddie... 106
3«03 Lento .... 102 3617 El Pllar .....104
2701 Boardman ¦ . -.113! 3C2S Rainier .'..-... 109
P.568 Nilgar . ....... 1C9I 3018 FlrstShot ...10.?
SttlO'Ned Dennis,. .104 1 3374 Free Lance ... 112
3ti20 Fondo . : 101 3623 Gold Baron. .'.104
3027 Mont. Peeress. 03 1 : ¦ ,
Second race— Five furlongs; selling; three.
year-old fillies. ,'
(3Bll)Halmetta 112 3570 Esternell - 107
3617 Annie. Max... 107 3570 Nonl* ..; 112
3325 Torlla ..107 3C11 Knocking* ...107
SSUft Winnecook ...107 S«27 Catbello 11_
. 3011 Pirate Maid.. 107 3503 Sterl. Towers.107
- Third race— Four furlongs; selling; two-year
olds. . / <v ..'.'-" f •*..-: . ¦'¦¦¦ , ¦
SG13 J. * H, . Bennctt.1 10 3CC0 Darante ..... 107
3570 Temprano ....107 nC07.Pre»to!us .I..107
¦3C13 Levant ..:..:. 110 3522 Donaml 110
Track Notes.
terday three favorites of the pro
nounced type were laid low and two other
lukewarm ones were tardy in reaching
the wire. The attendance continues ggod
and there appears to be no end of. money
in circulation.
Fourteen ordinary platers faced the
barrier in the opening scramble, and it
wore such an open look that the favor
ite, Senora Caesar, was quoted at 5 to
1. The winner turned up in The Scot,
a 7 to 1 chance, ridden by Donnelly,
¦which came strong at the finish, beat
ing Auriffera - nearly two lengths. The
favorite ran a good third.
Amoruna, the diminutive filly from the
Burns & Waterhouse stable, was picked
as one of the soft things of the card.
She closed in the betting a 4 to 5 chance,
and in a long drive Troxler got her up
just in time to beat. Maud bherwood a
nead. The odds • against- Trim dropped
from 12 to 3 on the strength -of a stable
tip. and the St. Gatien fllly finished -
fair third. '. ' : '*.',"'• #
An early plunge on Florinel, one- of.
thirteen starters in the, third sprinting
event,- forced the price from 20 down
to 3 in no time. Donnelly had the mount
on the little gelding, and, passing Mac-
Flecknoe, the favorite, in the stretch,
won at the wire by more than a length
irora Modder. ¦ This was one of the tew
races on which the books suffered.
' Barney Bchreiber scratched Brutal from
the niile and a sixteenth selling affair,
and Andy Blakeley' s mare Anthracite
was made the medium of a heavy plunge.
An 11 to 10 favorite, she displayed symp
toms of speed, but was not placed at
the finish. r Conley rode a
most energetic ; finish on the .7. to. 1. shot
Fxpedient, downing Plan -nearly -.a
length. Canejo, a 30 to 1 outsider, % ran
The defeat of Meehanus by . Milas In the
seven-furlong selling number 'hit the tal
ent a severe blow;. Caesar."* Young's horse
went into ' the starter's hands a 3 to 2
favorite, and from his many mishaps en
countered during the trip it is' quite ap
parent ' Donnelly does not understand
managing the chestnut. Larry Paly on
Milas rode one of his good races, .get
ing In half- a length - ahead of the first
choice at odds of - 6 to 1. KUty Kelly
Old Wolhurst scored his fifth straight
victory by disposing of a very fair Held
in the . concluding mile .and fifty, yard
selling affair. Conley' had tne leg ' up;
and after getting lostled about at the
start climbed up among the' leaders In
the stretch and led Horton out in a'nerceN
drive. Larry Daly' made altogether too
much early use of the favorite;. Artiila,
vith a result that his mount was not
P^ced. ___; _ , < ,»; ,¦
•« - S the season at Oakland draws to
J\ ' a close most of tho fields are large
ZA\ and unwieldy and class does not
_T)V receive much representation. Yes-
Sixth race^ — Seven furlongs; selling; three
year-olds and upward.
3610 Mam. HildrethlOl 3621 Rubus 105
349S Bassenzo .....105 3609 The Singer ..111
3622 Merops 109 3600 Bernota .....IOS
(3627)Klng Dell!s.'..m 3625 Billy Moore.. 1CS
3614 Ben Ledl .....107 8611 Maraschino .. 97
350T Aloha II ..,.111 3616 Windward *..112
.3616 Tlzona ....... 166 t(3614)Prestano -....87
3614 Foul Play :..107« ,
Fifth race — One mile; selling:; three-year
3611 Dawson 104 3624 Matin Bell ... 02
3611 Vasallo 104 3626 Baldo 1W
3624 Dwight Way.. 104 3611 Claudator 04
3603 Constable ....104 3611 Geo. Whitney. 97
3611 Sir Claua W 3611 Sol 1M
3581 Legal Maxim. M 35SO Quadra 103
3623 Headstrong .. 91 3623 Swlf Might . ..10U
Fourth race — Futurity course; eelllnr; four
year-olds and upward.
3620 Devereux-..: .111 32S7 The Miller... .111
3fl20 Alfred C 114 3612 Katie WalcottlO!)
3583 Mallakwa ....114 3467 Clarando 109
3573 Isal tne 109 3.107 John Boggs...lH
3596 Dol. Welthoff.109! 3627 Skip Ma 10*
3612 Mike Strauss. Ill 8413 Urchin Ill
(3620)Mar|neuse ...103' 3620 Mlka Rice ...1U
360T Clarlnette ....107 3522 Sablnal ... 110
S»66 Monteznma ..110 (3K50)Amoruna ...!lO7
35&4 Lit. Margaret. 107 3600 Tamm. Hit
3607 Tom Mitchell. 109 3570 Len Reno ... 107
; OAKLAND RACETEACK-Monday, April 21.-Weather fine. Track fast
3«20. FIRST RACE— Five and a half furlongs; selling; 4-year-olda aad up; to flrat. 1325.
-. -:¦ - v, .,..-. , ~~" ~~ : I j ; ~ BetUng.
Index Horse. Age, Weight. St. '%.' %. Str. Fin. I Owner and Jockey. - Op. CU
2S66 The Scot, 0 ..101 2 5 % 2 ?i 2 2 11% L. B. Wood Donnelly 6 T
3450 Aurlffera, a 104 1 12 1 lVa 1 h 2 % Klunder & Burns. L.Daly 15 6
3620 Senora Caesar, 6. 00 8 3^3% 3% 3% Elmwood Farm.J.Sheehn 4 S
'MM Casdale, 0........104 3 2 1 4n 4 1 4 1 F. J. StoerS-.Waterbury 10 12
3209- Heraldo. 5. .'..;... 100 0 '7 hil.&Vt 51 52 M. Kane See "10 Id
'S544 Rey Hooker, 6... la* ti 4h 7 . % 6 1 6 1 T. F. Latta..Fauntleroy 6 10
31C7 . Raclvo, 5 .:..102 4 . 6 1 81 74 74 E.W: Newth ..Hoar 6 6
3426 Idalette. 5 104 7 81 5h 8 1 81 J. C. Nealon Ransom 50 100
3507 Idaho Chief 11^ 4. US 10 9 1 9 1 0 2- " 9 2 ' IE. E. Randall Persleo 20 3O
3430 The Fiddler. 4 101 5 10 10 10 10 J. H. Walker. . .Webster SO 50
3419 Little Gun, 4 107 11 11 11 11 11 " J. Lodge * Co.. Frawley 6 1O
35CS Carlonian, 4 108 12 12 12 12 12 P. Sherklan A. Kelly 20 15
3377 John Welch, 5.;. .111 13 13 13 13 13 W. H. Lynch. J.McCarty 4 9
'3341 Quldado, 5.. .. ...100 14 14 14 14 14 C. Mantalen Rowan 60 100
Time— y w :24?4; 14, :50%; 5&f. 1:09%. Good start. Won cleverly. Second and third driv
ing. Winner, L. B. Wood's br. g. by St. Andrew-Briar Rose. Winner probably be»t,
Racivo pocketed on the i rail last part. . Scratched — Aunt Mary 00. ' ' ._ _ __
SO3O. SECOND RACE— -Four furlongs; selling; maiden two-year-old miles; to first, $325.
~ : : '¦ ¦ ' i ~ ~^~' ' ' " : ~~- Betting.
Index Horse and Weight. St. %. ¦ 9£. ¦ Str. Pin. -Owner and Jockey. Op. CL.
3C1S Amoruna .'...107 1 ... .2% 2 2 lb Burns & Waterhs.Troxlr T-10 4-5
3600 Maud Sherwood.. 110 4 ... -ll&l'h 2 4V D. Cameron Conley 3 *
3522 Trim ' 107 3 ...'84 31 3%'. El Primero SUblc.See 12 6
:5fi00*Escarola 107 7 ... - 1*Vi 4' % 4 1 .. E.J.BaUlwn & Co.Ransm 5 12
3552 Gorgalete 112 5 ... 5 1^51 .5^ Theo. Winters.J.McCthy 50 100
,3613 Phyz :.*..1O7 0 ... & 1% 1 84 John Kane Prior 20 40
3570 Minnie DrosseU . . 107 12 ... 10 7 2 7 l\i J. E. King A. Kelly 50 t>O
3600 Jennie McGowan.. 107 2 ... 6h 8 1-81 . B. . Schrelber Donnelly 50 :.C
35S2 Fire Dance... 107 6 ... 4 & 0 3 9,4 ' Papinta Bozeman 60 100
3582 Katanga ...... ..107 8 '-"... 11 10 10- - A; B. Ppreckels.L. Daly 10 12
3570 Josie Wheeler 107 11 ... 9 % IV 11 '•• E. I. Wheeler Hoar .60 60
3G00 Sultelma 112 10 ... 12 12- 12 L. Morehouse Frawley 50 ' 100
Time — ] / 4 , :25; %, :i9%. Good start. Won llrst three . drhrlne. Winner, Burns & Water
¦ . house's ch. f. by Lovdal-Kruna. Amoruna outstayed Maud. Trim no excuses. Gorgaleta
. showed . Improvement. Fire Dance had early speed. «V^>
3031. THIRD RACE — Five and a half furlongs; selling; four-year-olda and up; to flrst.»$325.
¦ .-.. ¦ ' ! ! ~- i ~ ' ~~ Betting; "
Index Horse. Age. Weight. St. i %. %. S|tr. .Fin. ; Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
'3573 Florlflel II, 5.. ...101 3 . 4 % 2;%, 2 % 11% O. F. Johnson.. Donnelly 20 3
3557 Modder, 4 .108 5 5-% 3:Vi S% 2 1,. J. M. Crane Troxler 8 10
3fi27 MacFlecknoe, 5... Ill 4 1 94 1 % . 1, h 3 3.,. Green & Henry... Conley 2 14-5
3588 Sailor, 4. ....101 C 72 5h 4% 4 3 ." Goo. Webb Hoar 15 20
S517" Novla. a 100 2 "2 h 4 1% 5 1 5 1% J. G. Brown & Co.UDaly 8 «
3U12 Fausturo. 6... 107 7 .0 2 1 V% 6 2 tj t^ d. M. Hanlon .. Bozeman 2 3
3503 . Winnebejour, 4... 102 8 % 8 2 7 1 7 1 J. D. Lucas. .Fauntleroy '15 3t>
3413 Intrada, 4........ 9« 1 3 1 6 % 82 82 ' E. I.^TVheeler Dyer 50 150
3575 Road Agent, 4.... 08 0 ft ¦ 9 1 I>1 OH Covlngton & Co.McGvrn 100 200
3031 Mellocole, .4. ..'...105 11 11 10 3 10 3 10 4 Fred Ohe...:..A. Kelly 30 20
3389 J. Richelieu, J., 4.101 12 12 ' 111 . 11 11- IE. Lloyd & Co. .Webster 100 200
3583 Relna de Cella, 4. 96 10 10 12* Fell ... [W. McGulre Persico . 30 CO
3575 Harry Thoburn. a. 102 Ran away, ....... ... (L. Levy Bell 7 15
Time— U, :25; Yi, :50%; 5^f, 1:00. Good start. Won first three driving. Winner. O. F.
Johnson's ch. g. by'Fonso-LaBelle III. Florinel was ¦ bumped In the stretch and then won
. cleverly. MacFlecknoe quit. Fausturo can do'better. Scratched — Alfred C 114, Talma 111,
3G32. FOURTH RACE— One and a sixteenth miles; Belling; 3-year-olds and up; to first. $325.
— j i ¦ i j ; — ....... r ' . ¦ ; I BetUng.
Irdex Horse. Age, Weight St. #. %. Str. Fin. Owner , and Jockey. Op. . Cl. •
3822 Expedient, 5 . . . ... 113 9 .9V, "7 1% S h 1 % P. E. Smith Conley 5 7
3610. Plan, a 113 5 3 1 3 1% 2 % 2 2% J. Con way...... Frawley 2 4
3610 Canejo. 5 106 1 7% 6 3 5132 Owen Bros Prior 30 15
3620 Ras* 4.. .....105 8 1% 13 11 4 i,J J. Green Hoar' 10 15
3010 Elfonse, 4. .. ... .. .110 10 8 2 5 h 4 h 5 % C. P. Flnk..J. McCarthy 15 ' 15
3610. Anthracite. 5.... .106 4 - 5 1- 4 h - 7. 4 . 6 ltf A. G. Blakeley See 8-5 ll-lu
8606 Invlctus '4. ......105 3 -.10 . 9 5 • 8 10 7 2 Jas. Wilson... J. Sheehan 20. '.20
3(i28 Billy Lyons, 4.;. .110 6 " 2 1% 2 6 % 8 15 J. B; Bortano.. Bozeman ! 20 30
360,1 KUleen,5.,.. 108 2 . 4 % ." 9 10 9 10 . M.: AHman... Romero 1(W.:15O
3366. Justus Goebel. 4:,105 7 . 6 % 10;. 10 10 W. F. GUbert.Fauntleroy 150 300
Time— %. :24V- : %, :40; %, 1:15%; m.; 1:43; 1 1-16 m.. 1:49^1. Good start. Won first three
driving. Winner, P. E. Smith's ch: g. by Flambeau-Experiment. Winner an excellent
stretch runner. Plan lost the race by swerving In the last few yards. Rasp quit: An
thracite "dogged" it. Scratched— Brutal 110, La Borgia 106. Vasallo 105, Gawalne 110.
3033. FIFTH RACE— Seven furlongs; selling; 3-year-olds and up; to first, |325.
_______ - p , -^. , • -, _ _______
Index|Horse, Age, Weight. St. %. V>. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl. .
(2509) Mllas, '3 104 1 1% 2n21 1%- W. B. Jennings. I_ Daly -4 5
3004 Meehanus, 6.. 114 6 6 v 5 h 3 14 2 1 Caesar Young. .. Donnelly 6-5 S-2
(3604) Kitty Kelly, 5 107 4. 4hll 1% 84. W. L. Stanfieid. .Troxler 4 18-5
(3610) Sly, a Ill 3 3n 41.51 4 i/5 ,D. M.Hanlcn.. Bozeman 3 4
S500 Dandy. 3 101 2 2 1^31. 6 53 Montana stable Hoar 15 39
3H27 KUldoe. 3 95 5 5n 6 4 h 6 , B. 'Schrelber.. L. Spencer 10 25
Time— J,4, :24; %, ' :49H: %. 1:15; %. 1:28. Poor start. Won cleverly. Second . and third
driving. Winner, W, B. Jennings & Co.'s br. c. by Midlothian-Ealvora. Milas best handled.
Meehanus a poor breaker away from the barrier. Sly ran a cheap race. Scratched — Moa
bina 93, Aloha IIJ>9. N1 Jg a 3,jP°-_^ ta L??-:- J?^^-^'-^^"?,^'. ,_ ,^-^ ._-_-^-L^:^-.. -^;_^_ ,
SG34. SIXTH RACE— One mile and 50 yard3; selling; 3-year-olds and np; to first. <32S.
. - . . •'•¦ Betting.
Index Horse, Age, Weight St. .%. %. Str. Fin. Owner and -Jockey. Op. Cl.
(5022) Wolhurst a 112 7-7 .7 lh 1 Vt Montana stable. ..Conley 3 4
3H16 Horton, 6..:.. 115 3 6 2% 6 3h 2 1% J. McGovern.... Frawley 4.11-2
(3010) Straggler, a 116 4 5 1 2n 2 1^33 O. W. Boesecke.. Romero 10 15
3628 Dlomed, 5 112 6 415 h 4h.4n J. G. Brown & Co.Troxlr 4 7
3580 Artllla, 5 . 110 1 3% 4% 61 6 5 C. W. Carroll. ..L. Daly 9-5 1
3588 Jim Hale. 4 100 2 11:1%5% 65 W. L. Stanfieid. Donnelly 7 S
¦3653 Diderot, 4 109 5 2 h 3 & 7 7 J. P. AtXin See 8 15
Time — % :24%; %, :49%; %, 1:16; ro., 1:42%: ml 50 yards, 1-AS. Good start. Won first
three driving. Winner. Montana stable's b. g. by Ventllator-Nutbrown. Cut off soon after
the start/Xonley on winner persevered and put Mp a strong finish at' the close. Too much
weight on Horton. Daly made too much early use of Artllla. Jim Hale quit. Scratched —
Ledaea. 110. Lento 107. Tufts 104, Limelight 112. Free Lance 115.
THE CALL'S RACING; FORM OHA.K.T
RESULTS OF MONDAY'S RACING AT OAKLAND TRACK
THE. .SAN FRANCISGO CALL.,/ TUESDAY, APRIL 32, 1902.
13
BER KELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
• BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.'
iplSOO— NE W 5-room ''.'- cot tage; lot 40xio0p$200
cas-h, bal, $20 per month. . W. C. ¦ MORAN
& CO. ¦¦ - v - ' - : ; -
$2100 — <1 LARGE rooms and bath; fine barn;
lot 50x100; $200 cash, bal, $15 per month.
AV.--C. MORAN & CO. ¦
$2T0C— NEW- 7-room cottage; Jot 50x140: 80-
foot street; % block to cars. W.- C./1IO:
KAN & CO. . . .
$2000 — NEW 6- room cottage ; high . basement;
nice lawn; lot 50x135: $200 cash,' bal, $15
per month. W. C. MORAN &'CO.
S70O LOTS In the Wheeler Tract; .will double
•ins-ide of one year; 51 already, sold; send
for map. W. . C. MORAN & CO. ¦ -
$2500— S-ROOM house: 'lot 45x100 u on corner;
all sewered aad city water connected; , 5
courses of brick foundation; will trade 'for
ranch of equal' value or will sell , on easy
terms.- W. C. MORAN & CO., Lorin Sta-
tion, Schmidt block, . - ¦
?1000 FOR a bargain in a 50- foot lot In the
Wheeler Tract. Agency for the tract". MAY
& MORTIMER. . '
S^OOO — NEW - modern house of 6 rodms; all
furnished: A No. 1; come and see it. . MAY
& MORTIMER. • . ¦•-....¦
$5C00 — LOVELY home, 9 rooms; near college;
large lot. MAY & MORTIMER. Berkeley
station. •- .- '..
J2000-i-A. LOVELY place for little money; lot
B0x270; full of flowers, fruit, trees and vege-
: , tables; neat cottage, together with about- 5.0
chickens; situated about 1 mile from college
and depot; must be seen to be appreciated.
MAY & MORTIMER, Berkeley stattion.
$3750— FINE new house' of 7 i rooms, 4' bed-
rooms, gas, etc.; only 350. feet from electric'
R. R. and near the^U. C. grounds; lot 50x
15G. JOS. J, MASOJj. real estate. Berkeley
station.
FOR Sale — 300-acre. fruit and stock farm in
Sonoma County, $8000; bargains in' houses
and lots In Berkeley; prices to suit; easy
teims. J. P. HALE, 1504 Shattuck ave.,
last station, Berkeley.
A SNAP— Lot 50x130, and good barn; on S.
Atherton st. ; price for a few- days $2000;
street work all done. MAY
Berkeley station. -.':
COTTAGE — 8. rooms, modern convenience, bath,
etc.: easy payments. , MURDOCK, 514 Pine.
2 BEAUTIFUL homes for sale In center East
Berkeley. Apply 400 Sixth St., San Francisco.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper for mailing, $1 per year.
FRUITVALE ADYERtlSEMENTS
§ FRUITVALB REAL ESTATE.
FOR sale — 5 acres. Rose ave. and High. St.,
Fruitvale. A. R. HARRISON, 78 Geary st.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING. .
APAiRTTlElfT^orHghrhmisek^plngTTurnlsir!
ed sunny suit, with kitchen; all modern Im-
provements; bath: telephone; $16 to $20 suite.
ST. JAMES. McAllister, and Laguna sts.
FIFTH, 353— Furnished housekeeping;; 3, $14,
2 beds; 2. $15; 3, $20. 2 beds; single,' $5.
HOWARD, 1063— '2 sunny connecting complete-
ly furn. bay-window hkpg. rms; range; $10.
HOWARD. 1214 — 2 or 3 large sunny furnished
or unfurnished housekeeping rooms.
LANGTON, 256% — Three furnished rooms fcr
housekeeping; private.
MASON, 415—3 connecting rooms, complete.
MASON. 502. cor. Post — 2 sunny rooms for
housekeeping; coal range, sink, running
water: reasonable.. •. . .._, .
MCALLISTER, 530 — Nice furnished connecting
suite; running water; phone, bath, gas;. $7.
OAK, 110 — Sunny, newly furnished connecting
| suite; -sink, bath, range, gas, . -phone, ¦¦ $14;
also basement rooms. ¦• - -.- - - . . ' -.
OCTAVIA, 1403, cor. Geary — Bay-windqw par-
lor with kitchen complete; other rooms $8 .up.
THIRD. 415B— Furnished roonis housekeeping;
gas range; bath. '¦• j " ' .- ¦
TWELFTH, 120 — Neatly furnished front house-
keeplng rooms; private family; select locality.';
ROOMS TO LET— Fnrn. and Unfnrn.
ARGYLE Hotel, 234 McAllister— New. elecaflt.
sunny; 75c day upward; rates 'by week or
month; McAllister cars to door; handsomest
' grill room In California attached. - '¦-'
A— BRUNSWICK' House, 148 Sixth— Rooma. .
" 25c to $1 per night; ,$1 25 to J5 per week-, and
light housekeeping rooms: open all night.'- -
AT Grand Southern, 7th and Mission — Changed-
hands; 100 rooms newly renovated; 50c Vj
$1 50 night; $2 to $7 -week;. parlor; elevator.
A— VENDOME. 1104 Market— Changed hands;
renovated; furn. suits. Mrs. V. W. Miller.
ALL choice neat sunny suites 6r singles; day,
week or month; bath, phone.' 332 Stockton.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 13«4)— Fur-
nlshed rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH, 1105 — I large well-furnished rooms:
suitable small private club or family adult*.
BUSH, 1028 — Furnished large room, communi-
cating bath; $12 month; private family.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms: prices reasonable. -
EDDY, 222 — Furnished sunny front room; gas,
running water and phone. ¦
ELLIS, 321 (Mozart) — Nicely furn. rooms, 35c,
$1 CO night; $150. $6 week; open all night.
GEARY, 405 (The Navarre) — Elegantly furnish- j
ed suites and single; travelers accommodated, j
GEARY, 4S3— Well-furnished slnsle front
room, also suite, for l'ght housekeeping; ¦
GENTLEMAN wants a gentleman to share-
with him a large suite of rooms in a first
class family hotel. . Address L. H. C, 26
Montgomery st., room 14.
GREEN, 630, near Stockton — S10; 3 rooms;
stove; water connections.
GOUGH, 1013— Nicely furnished front sunny
rooms; gas; bath.
HYDE, 841 — New sunny rooms to let, with or
without board; hot and cold water; modern
-conveniences. Phony East 117.
MINNA, 541 — Room to let suitable for 1 or 2
gentlemen; call morning or evening.
MINNA, <:C7, corner Eighth— Newly furniBhed
bay-window room. $1 per woek; transient. ~ i
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
• offices; elevator, elec. lights; day, week, mo.
POST. 975 — Neatly furniBhed rooms; double
parlor or single rooms; bath; private.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis— Incandescent light.
' reading-room, emc'.dng-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night. .15c to $1 80; week, $2
to $8 month, $8 to $30. elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water: bath;.
SHERMAN Ananment House, 2S Eighth Bt.,
near Market — Furnished: also 3 unfurnished,
VALENCIA. 1232— Nicely furnished room for
¦ two; sunny; near Valencia-st. depot; rras
and bath. - ' . • "•
WILLOW ave., 14, off.Larkin, near Eddy — 2
single furnished rooms; $5 and $6.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
¦received at Call branch office. £200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
Fubscrlptlons has been established' at 1000
Vnlpnc'a st.- •'¦ ¦
¦„ , ROOMS AND BOARD.
MEREDITH. 218 Turk — Sunny front rooms;
. electric lights: hot and cold water: modern;
first-class board; reasonable; phone South 829.
CALIFORNIA. 807 (Stevenson Mansion)— Select
family hotel; exceptional table; popular rates.
VAN NESS,. 519— Handsome furnished sunny
, suites, tingle -first-class table board.
VAN NESS.. 607 — To a . refined, couple; lnrjjij
' funny parlor, with board; in private home.
VAN NESS ave., 815 — Sunny rooms; , excellent
board; $45 and $40: also a suite. ' \
SPECIAL NOTICES.
NOTICE Is hereby given that the Maria Kip Or-
phanagc, at 620 Lake.st., San. Francisco, has
¦ received the following orphan and half orphan
Klrls. from Jan. 1 to April 1, 1902: Hazel W
' West, 0 yra. : Daisy Rood. 11 yrs. ; Elsie ¦ m!
Mopgride, 2 yrs. 6-mos.: Blanche M. Wilson
0 yrs.; Erol Goldstein, 10 yrs. ; Hazel I. Wolfe
12 yrs. ; Louisa B. Loeser. 0 yrs. ; Hattle H*
Nsindeck, 10 yrs.;. Juanlta Tomllnson, 12
yrs.; Evelyn Raymaud. 7 yrs,
BAD tenants ejected for ?4: collections made:
city " or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms fl-10: tel. 8580.
:'.
PIERCE-RUDOLPH' Storage and Moving Co
office Post and Powell sts.; tel. Main 5713. ¦«;¦!
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse 840 Mls-
elon St.; tel. Howard 941; ; F. W. ZEHFUSS.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co... 630 Market st.;
tel; Main 1840; shipping at cut rates. - v-
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture .Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Flllmore st. : phone Jackson 281.' •;
, SEWING - MACHINES ¦ AND SUPPLIES.:
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
. pairing; lowest rates. Tel. Green 144. -205 4th:
ALL kinds bought.Bold, rented, ex. ;¦ repairing;
lowest rates; phone Howard 32W. U5 Sixth..
oil;
OIL tanks, 2nd-hand. In good order; all «lzes;
cheap. H. S. WHITE. 130-132 Beale St.
PERSONALS. .
AN elegant line of remnants for suits to order,
$15; with these suits we make an extra pair
of pants free of charge; other suits on Install-
ments, SI weekly. L. LEMOS. 1117 Market
st., between Seventh and Eighth.
A — HAVE you pimples, wrinkles, freckles/ red
nose, ' falling hair, dandruff, eczema, gray
hair, bald head? I 'guarantee a cure or no
pay. The Bohemian Specialist, 131 Post St.
ELECTRIC light in every room — Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third St., near Market; 700 rooms,
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
MAY Designer and Standard Patterns just out;
newest shirt waists and jackets with postil-
lions and peplums. Call to see at Domestic
office, 1021 Market St., near Sixth. • - ;
A — WHAT do you think? O. BERMAN, 4S
Ellis, makes colored shirts to order; $1 each;
same as white shirts; selection 300 patterns.
HAIR dyeing; bleaching a specialty; shampoo-
ing 50c; hair dried by electric drier & dressed
in 30 mm. Miss A.V.Doyle,17C2 Mkt. Op. 10th.
Electrolytic removal of moles and superfluous
hair; permanent; painless; free, treatment;
work guaranteed. Miss C.Dudley, 1702 Market:
AT less than cost, uncalled-for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS', London
tailor. 721 Market st.
MONET loaned at low .interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
WHITE enamel iron beds, singled three-quarter
or double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton St., near< Broadway.
A — If your hair is falling- or you are bald, call on
Dr.G.S.Moore,332 O'Farrell .send for circular.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter st.
I MAKE first-class wigs and front pieces-;
hairdressing. 25c; shampooing, 50c; manicur-
Ing 25c. G. LSDERER. 123 Stockton st.
ELECTRIC needle specialist; .superfluous hair
and moles destroyed. Mrs.H.Eaton,427 Sutter.
DR. THIELE, German specialist, removed from
110 Geary to 101 Eddy St., corner Mason.
Mrs. Brigos — Superfluous hair, moles destroyed
by electricity. 1719 Buchanan; tel. West 25tf.
TAILOR-MADE suits. $7 50; dress pants, $2 50:
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont:
Masquerade costumes at H. Anderson's, theat-
rical costumer. 28 O'Farrell; country orders.
Electric & electric-light baths, massage, hot air
treatment for rheumatism, etc. 233 Geary,r.27.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles removed by
electric needle. Dr. & -Mrs. Traverse. 1170 Market.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to Its natural color; ?1; at all druggists.
ONE MUN T UTE TOOTH-ACHE DROPS CURE
inttantly: 10c and 25c. All druggists.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
DR. LAMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINT, the
best corn cure. 25c; all druggists. '
A "VY EEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper for mailing; $ 1 per year,
PHYSICIAKS AND SURGEONS. *
RUPTURE and' piles cured: no pay until cured;
no operation, no detention from business; all
private diseases treated successfully; consul-
tation free. Drs. Forden & Porterfield, 6 Turk.
DR. J. W. SEELEY. 207 Powell st.— Specialist
for insanity, fevers and rheumatism; also for
epilepsy, pneumonia and sexual diseases.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL — Office and residence,
1021 U Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
RJIAJL^ESTATE— CITY—^£^_J^^
FIFTY lots In the tide lands In the city and
county of San Francisco, belonging to the
Hale estate, were sold at auction on . March
21; the time for confirmation of the sale by
the Superior Court has. been set for April 2S,
at 2 o'clock p. m.. in Department 9; any per-
son may appear in court on that day and
overbid the purchasers; the highest bidder.. If
the price Is satisfactory to the court, will
. secure the property. For other property of
the estate for sale same day see "Country
Real Estate" and "Financial" columns of
this paper. For all information, apply to
McGLYNN & MENTON.
Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers, room' 22,
Chronicle building. - ...
JOSEPH STRAUB,
. 850 Market st., corner Stockton.
Telephone Grant 177. . ..."
Real Estate Agent.
Property Bought and Sojd.
Rents . Collected. -• , , . -,..;
IIAXGHT and Fillmore sts.. northwest oarnf;-; -
transfer point; 150x137 :G. ASHTON. &
GARDINER. 411 Montgomery st.
$5500—^Blg sacrifice; nice- flats; .well rented;
- choice location Mission. Owner, box 49S9, Call.
$5500 — MUST be sold; $3000 cash only; rent*
$60. Apply 2623 Sutter st.. near Lyoii.
REAL ESTATE—COUNTRY— For Sale
THE Hale ranch, near Mountain ..View, Santa
Clara County, was sold at auction on March
22 In nineteen subdivisions : the time' for con-
firmation of sale by the Superior Court has
been set for April 28. at 2 o'clock, p. m.; In
| Department 9; any person may appear in
court on that day and overbid the purchasers;
the highest bidder, if the price is satisfactory
to the court, will secure the property. For
other property of the eftate for sale same
day. see "City Real Estate" and "Financial"
columns of this paper. For all information,
apply to
McGLYNN & MENTON.
Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers, room
_2. Chronicle building.
j A BARGAIN— TO CLOSE AN ESTATE. ~* |
A 10-acre full bearing prune orchard In
Santa 1 Clara Valley. 14 mile from public,
grammar and high schools; improvements are
a modern S-room cottage, with bath and toi-
let, stable, carriage-house, tank and wind-
mill, man's quarters, chicken-house and yard,
deep well, irrigating plant, steam pumps In I
: perfect order; full line of orchard Imple-
ments; will be sold on easy terms to suit
purchaser. Inquire J. H. PERINE, 32S
Montgomery st., room 211, San Francisco.
¦ FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO- —
Small tracts. $60 to S90 per acre, on Rancho
CotatU Sonoma Co.;. future value assured, as
Sen Francisco la growing- rapidly; location
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotatl Co.. 302 California st., for
pamphlets and Information. . • . ¦ ¦
600 ACRES at a bargain: fine land: no adobe:
oak tree?: very best of Improvements; good
water rupply; adjoining railroad station ;< 12
trains each way dally; just the place to sub-
divide. GEORGE W. LOVIK. Redwood City.
A~KNAP — Finest country home in San Mateo
County: 23 acres of beautiful grounds; -ele-
gant resldnnce barns, etc.; U mile from sta-
ticn; 2I» miles from city: 26 dally train-.
G EO. W.- LOVIE. Redwood City.
PROFITABLE orange, lemon, peach and prune
lands to sell: right locality: big money; easy
payments. HEALY & CARR. 927 Mkt. r. 203.
Santa CUra Valley. San Jose and Peninsular
properties, see WOOSTER. WHIT-TON • *
MONTGOMERY. 634 Market. S.F.. & San J.
FOR sale — 152 acres or farm and orchard land,
4V4 miles to railroad, with or without stock,
etc.; no agents. 330 •£ Sixth" St.. fl to 12 a. m.
CASH fort your country or suburban property.
Land Dept.. American Guaranty and Trust
Co., . Hay ward building. . . • ,
CHOICE country lands for sale: Land Dept.,
AmerlcanGuaranty&Trust Co..Hayward bldg.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
POINT RICHMOND* REAL ESTATE.
BEFORE buying In any tract send name to
Albert W. Bell. 3553 20th St.. city (few snaps).
SUHURBAN REAL ESTATE.
ROSS VALLEY— 10-room furnished house, near
etation, for rent from June 1; rent SUO'per
month. J. TUNSTKAD San An«x»Imo. . - ,-
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— 3113 bkOADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE. x
$400 CASH, $10 monthly — 5-room cottage; 2
acres; artesian wells; 'outbuildings; immense
ehade trees; profusion of shrubbery; creek
running water the year round ;. superb soil
and finely sheltered; away from fogs ' and
, winds; an ideal spot for a home; city water :
and sewer; ctreets macadamized; electric
cars front the property; postofflce. school,
churches, storc-s, etc.; business center; a rare
buy; adjoining East Oakland; price,, all told,
$2G00. Call or-s«nd for circular; 455 Seventh
st., opposite Broadway Station, Oakland; 1
carriage free. H. z. JONES.
OAKLAJ<££UItNISHED^LAT FOR SALE.
COZY flat containing 15 rooms, neatly fuir^
nlshed; good reason given for selling : a bar-
gain: good location. Inquire of ALBERT
SCHMIDT. 1122 13th ave.. E. Oakland." Cal.
OAKLAND IlOARDEttS. /
FURNISHED rooms with or without board;
meals ?5 per week; everything first-class.
KUth Ave. "House, 6th ave. and 18th St.,
East Oakland. . . .
OAKLAND^FIIRNITIJRE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE good and cheap this -month. H.
SCHELLHAAS. 40S Eleventh et., Oakland.
Secretary
MISCELLAXEOCS FOR SALE— Con.
r.dison phonographs, records supplies. mo\ing
picture machines, films. Bacigalupi. 033 Mkt.
CAROLINE engines, all sizes new and 2-hand
and launches. J. E. DOAK. iti Fremont St.
BOATS, launches, r^wbeats carried In stock.
PAKER & HAMILTON.
SAFES— New and second hand.' THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
Foil Fccond-hand m.v;hlnery.englnes and boilers
go to D.J.McMasf?rs,SE. cor. 2nd & Branpan.
1ST -CLASS 2d-hand modern enirines & boilers
bought, sold. Krogh Mfg. Co.. 519 Market st.
MAGIC lanterns new and 2d-h— nd moving pic-
tures. BirLLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
ENGINE? and boilers; second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE. i;» B«?ale st.
MISCKUAXKOCS AVANTS.
BIG prices paid for sealskin coats; also gents.'
full dress and Tuxedo suits. Portland Loan
Office. _5 Stockton St.; phone Bush 4S4.
WANTED — Brick to lay by the thousand. . Ad-
dress CHAS. EDWARDS, 934 Howard St.
TOOLS and machines for picture frame maker.
J. JONKS SR., 759 Mission; letter or 6 p. m.
I WJL.L pay good cash prices for old sealskins;
6<nd postal; will call. Box 4960. Call office.
TILTON -.-ants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 151 9th St.; tel. Jessie 2851.
— IM-hand electric motorc. all sizes, any
condition. FarnsworthElectrlcalW-s.,41STurk.
A— HERMAN MURPHY. C01-602 Examiner big
$4.5tHMMjO at Lowest Rates
,O.i yu-st and Second Mortgages
r ........ On Life Interests in Estates
<"^ Property Being Held In Trust
Undivided Interests in Real Estate
Life Insurance Policies; Estates in Probate.
Financial Problems of all sorts and sizes.
IF YOU NEED MONEY
See HERMAN MURPHY. 601-002 Examiner.
AA — MANHATTAN LOAN CO. (Inc.).
$300,0(10 at 5*3 and n per cent in sums to suit;
City, Oakland. Town and Country Property;
second mortgages. life insurance and securi-
ties; loans on unsettled estates, undivided in-
terests in real estate and legacies; will pur-
chase above securities. MANHATTAN LOAN
CO.. CROCKER BUILDING. '
ANY AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT. 7
First, second and third mortgages
Undivided interest in real estate in probate..
Mortgages and legacies bought; no delay
Get my terms before doing business elsewhere
R..McCOLGAN
' 24 Montgomery st., room 3
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second and third mortgages, estates in pro-
bate, interest in estates, legacies, undivided
interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile interests, corporation loans. Rooms 16.
1st floor. Chronicle big. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
MUNICIPAL Loan Office. 103 Grant ave., near
Geary st.; phone Red 1603.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. S40
Market st. ; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third.
ON real estate. Irt or 2nd mortgages and on fur-
niture cr pianos; no removal; any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER. 30 Geary st., room 36.
ANY amount en furniture, pianos; no removal;
lowest rate; private, confidential. ORMSBV,
26 Montgomery et., room 7. opp. Lick House.
Jl PRIVATE party loans any amount on furni-
ture, pianos; no removal; low rates; confiden-
tial. WHITEHEAD (Wilson's). 1710 Market.
E. F. DISCOUNT AGENCY— Loans to salaried
people on their note.
THE TOUSLE Y CO 143 Phelan bldg.
On furniture, pianos: no removal; money quick;
lowest imprest; easy terms; no brokerage; re-
liable perty. 1170 Market St., room 68.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc., by private
party; no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3, Conservatory bldg., 301 Jones.
ELFVING, C16 Examiner big.; loans on pianos.
furniture, etc.. at 2 per cent without removal;
no brokerage charged; confidential; open eves.
510 UP on furniture, pianos; no com.; private
party. St. Ann's bldg.. 0 Eddy, r. 104. 5th fir.
3% ON furniture &¦ pianos; $15 up; no removal.
Phone Black 1709, room 81, 6 Eddy, floor 4.
Money loaned salaried people without securitv.
HILL., r. 44. Merchants' Exc. 431 California.
O. A. LANE. Mills building, will loan sums to
suit; interest low; also easy payment loans.
ONE per cent on furniture; $5 _ month on each
$1000: any security. 302 Montgomery st., r. 1.
TO loan five to ten thousand dollars on real
estate. Box 1449, Call office.
CAPH loaned F^lari»d people on note "without
i-jJciyr.' -tORRELL. 609 Examiner bldg.
ON furniture, pianos; lowest rate: no removal;
gtrictly private. LICK. 116 McAllister St.
IF you want a home I will loan you money to
buy it. A. E. Rt'DELL. 222 Sansome st.
LOANS money on salary; no indorser; Eastern
rlan. Western Loan Co.. .309 Phelan bldg.
„ M^SICAL^IXSTRCME\TS.
A CUSTOMER can rely upon getting more fcr
the money from ug than any house on the
coast, because we are satisfied with small
profits and are doing business at the smallest
possible expense. These things must be.taken
into consideration when figuring out prices.
We believe in eellirg large quantities and
giving best quality for the least outlav to the
customer. We sell the Decker, Wissner.
BaumeiFter and Stodard. Easy payments
lor those who desire. THE ZENO MAU-
VAIS MUSIC CO.. 7C9 Market st.
ALTHOUGH many seemingly ¦ advantageous
propositions are offered In the way of prices
and terms upon p'auos. please bear In mind
that we cannot only duplicate them, but can
<jffer exceptionally fine pianos and largest
assortment of best makes to choose from.
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. Steinway dealere.
cor. Kearny and Sutter Ft*.. S. F. ; Broad-
way and Thirteenth sts.. Oakland. '
AS our new building and hall is not quite
completed we are making a cut on all ou-
pianos. Some special bargains — 1 Knabe. £95;
1 Heine. ?JS3; 2 Steinwaya, $165; 3 Chlcker-
irnrs, $140 to $170; and 20 others. Squares,
$15 up. Small amount down and low pay-
ments according to quality. HEINE PIANO
CO., Heine Hail. 235-237 Geary st.
ATTENTION. BARGAIN-HUNTERS—
Second-hand upright pianos from $55 up.
Seccn4-fcam1 square pianos from $.50 up.
Pecond-hanfl orrans from $25 up; new upright
pianos frcm $175 up. I5ENJ. CURTA5S &
SON. 16 to 2" OFarrelU Chickering. Mason
and H&TOlin. Vose. Sterling pianos.
ANY piano sold by u? taken back any time
within 2 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new p^erlefs Knabe, at regular
price; costs you only 20c a day to buy a
piano from us. KOHLER &. CHASE, SO
OFarrell St.: established 1850. .
LUDWIG piano? — Most popular of all. For Bale
only by the Wiley B. Allen Co.. 831 Market
et.. San Francisco. Agents Chase & Baker
p!ano players.
SMALL upright. $35; large cabinet grand up-
right, $150; square pianos, $35 up; A. B.
Cameron, walnut case, almost new.' $275.
Bowers & Sen. 23 5th St.. Ivers & Pond. agts.
UPRIGHT piano. $100: splendid bargain; best
renting pianos in city for $3 per montn.
SCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO., ECO Hayes 6t.
SNAP — 2 only, new. $450; high-nrade uprights,
dropped from catalogue.? 250. Bruenn,208Post.
$170;preat eaeriflce:almost new upright. Schmltz
&• Co.. 16 McAllister Et., next Hiberia Bank.
A LOT of storage pianos for almost a song.
WILSON'S Storage. 1710 Market St.
ELEGANT concert grand upright piano; sacri-
ficed account death in family. 1000 Van Ness.
ALMOST new large size Steinway upright left
on sale; bargain. 235 Geary st.
BYRON MAUZY. 30S-310-312 Post St.; Sohmer
and other jnarios and pipe organs.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
CHEAPEST end best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 p«.f-F. rent to any address in the
r*nlt«><1 Pt»t*n or r«n»rt« «n» y«ir tor $1. •
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
300 FEET from Market and Third sts.; rent
low: large store, well lighted, suitable for
light manufactory, plumber, tailor, barber,
trunk, willowware store or -any business.
VON RHEIN REAL ESTATE CO.. 013 Cali-
fornia st.
EMMA EPRECKELS building. 927 Market «t. —
Lirnt. cheerful offices, $15#25 per month;
lieht. heat, ianttor and telephone.
LOFT for rent, 40x05 feet, for light manufac-
turing purposes; with water; SJ6 month.
V.'M. LOANE. plumtxr. 430 Fifth fit.
ETORE with large basement, below Kearny: al-
terations to suit tenant. CSC^/Clay. room 1.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cent^-The Weekly Call,
lfl races, in wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
PAIXTERS AXD DECORATORS. B
r.orrr.y papered $3 up; painting & tinting done.
HartTr.an Paint Co.. 319 3d et.; tel. Bed 3521.
IIRST-CLASS w-crk; low rates; get figures. J.
C ROMAINE. «40 C. G. ave.: tfl. Polk 1423.
PALMISTRY.
Mrs. E. Pearce. scientific business palmist, re-
moved to 104 Turk. r. 28; 10 a. m. to 9 p. m.;
horogcoiies cast by roa.il. jl; palmistry taught.
UME. G. L. NEERGAARD reads 1 to 4. 700
Port Et.. corner of Jones; phone Polk 837.
H JEROME FOSELLI, scientific palmist. 516
T-ylor ct.. bet. Geary and Pcst;te_Bl-c- 661.
TYPEWRITERS: 'AND SUPPLIES.
GRE^T^XRG^NS^[N"T^PEWRIT"E^s"-^e
sell better machines for less money than any
.. house in the city; rentals $3. .The Typewriter
Exchange, 536 California; telephone Main 2(iC-
.WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co. — Expert
-typewriter doctors;estimate free. 209 Sansome..
TYPEWKITING AND MIMEOGRAPHING.
EXPERT typewriting, 4c folio; copies, 2c; mlm-
eographlng. 927 Market, mi. 301; Jessie 1554.'
PROPOSALS.
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA. Berkeley—
I Notice to Contractors, ' Builders ( and Mate- ¦
rial Men: Notice given to all con-
cerned that sealed proposals or bids are solic-
ited for performing the labor and furnishing
the materials necessary to the 'erection of an
addition to- the Bacon Art Gallery and Li-
brary Building on the grounds of the Uni-
versity of California at Berkeley. Alameda
County, and said bids or proposals - will b»
- received at room 19, ninth floor. Mills build-
ing, San Francisco, at or before 3 o'clock
.'¦¦ p. m. of the 30th of April, 1002. And notice
¦ is hereby further given that the plans and-
specifications of. said building have- beer
made and adopted and are placed In the of-
fice of the secretary of the Board of Regents
room 46, South Hall, Berkeley. Cal., where
the same may be seen and examined during
-r oach day from!) o'clock a. m. until 4 o'clock
p. m., from this date until said 30th day «t
April, TJ02. No bids ) or, proposals will b*
- considered unless the same are accompanied
by a certified check or a bond 1 of said pro-
poser equal to ten (10) per cent of his pro-
posal, with sufficient sureties, conditioned
that if said bid, or proposal shall be ac-
cepted the party proposing- will duly enter
into a proper contract tofalthfullyperfprm tho
duty and obligations in accordance wlth'said
"¦proposal and plans and specifications, which
shall be and are hereby required to be a part
of such contract. The right to reject any
and all bids Is hereby, reserved. This notice
¦ is given pursuant to . an act entitled "An
act to amend an act entitled 'An act to cre-
ate and organize the University of Califor-
nia,' approved March 25/ 18GS, - and an act
amendatory of< section 25 thereof, approved
March 2S, 1S72, relating to the construction
of buildings," approved March . 3, 1897. By
order • of the Committee on ¦ Grounds and
Buildings of the Board . of Regents.
. . W. A. McKOWEN, Acting Secretary. ."
PROPOSALS will be received at the Bureau of
Supplies -and Accounts, - Navy Department,
-Washington, D. C, until 12 o'clock noon. May
6, 1902, and publicly ppened immediately
thereafter, to furnish at the Naval Hospital
and the M. and S: Storehouse, Mare Island,
Cal.. the dally - supply of meats, groceries,
butter, • eggs, cheese, Ice, -milk, bread, . vege-
; tables and provender for the .fiscal year end-
ing June -30, 1003.' Blank proposals , will be
furnished upon application to the Naval Hos-
pital, Mare Island. Cal., or to the Navy Pay
Office,. San- Francisco, Cal. A. S. KENNY,
Paymaster General U. S.N.
PROPOSALS will be received'at the Bureau* of !
Supplies and Accounts. Navy Department,'
Washington, D. C, until 12 o'clock noon, May
6. 1002, and publicly opened , Immediately
thereafter, to furnish at the Navy. Yard, Mare
Island,- Cal.; the dally supply of fresh beef,
fresh vegetables, fresh bread, ice and pro-
vender for the fiscal year ending June 30,
1003. Blank proposals will be furnished upon
application to the Bureau or to the Navy Pay
Office, San Francisco, Cal. A. S. KENNY,
Paymaster General U. S. N.
PROPOSALS will be received at the Bureau of
, Supplies and Accounts, . Navy Department;
Washington, D. C.;untU12 o'clock noon. May
13, 1002, and publicly opened immediately
thereafter, to furnish at the Navy Yard, Mare
Island. Cal.. a quantity of nuts, burrs, fire-
brick. ' twine, burlap, curled hair, dry goods,
mats, screws, brads, nails, coal baskets, hard-
ware, drills, iron, copper, brass, lead, • tin,'
solder, -gum gasket, packing, alcohol, linseed
. oil, white lead paints, litharge, sapollo, pipe,
pipe fittings, valves, stationery, tools, files,
emery cloth, sand; broken stone, generating
sets,, piles and lumber. Blank proposals will"
be furnished upon application to: the Bureau
or to the Navy Pay Office, . San Francisco,
Cal. A. S. KENNY, Paymaster General U.
• S. N. ¦¦'. . -. " '¦'. '. , . ¦/.¦¦.: \ '
PROPOSALS for purchase of U. S. Army
transport. ROSECRANS. — Office of General
Superintendent, Army Transport ¦ Service. 36
New Montgomery st.; San Francisco. Cal.,
April 7, 19O2.- L -Sealed proposals. In triplicate,
for the purchase of the Army transport
IlOSECRANS will be received In this office
' untU-12 m., April 24, 1902.. and then opened..
Vessel to be delivered to successful/ bidder In
J. San Francisco, Cal. The appraised value cl
snid vessel 19 one hundred thousand dollars:
The -Government- reserves the right to reject
• any or .all ' proposals. • . Envelopes containing
proposals should be ' indorsed "Proposal for
purchase of Army transport ROSECRANS,"
¦ and addressed to the General Superintendent.
Army Transport Service. San Francisco. Cal.
. Particulars as to bonds required, and In-
formation as to the character of vessel, etc.,
furnished on application. ¦ -•-.-..- ,. .
: ./ . DIVipEXP' NOTICES. . '
OFFICE of Fireman's Fund Insurance Com-
;¦ pany, San Franclspo, ,. April 19,' 1002— -At a
: rjegul*r meeting' of 'ttitf^SOaraTOf Directors "of "
thls-company, beld'thls day, a dividend was
. -declared, payable on 'and after April • 23, - 1902.
:¦:•'¦'' ¦ LOUIS WEINMANN. Secretary.
MAKRIAGE LICENSES.
'The following marriage licenses were, issued
yesterday: ¦¦¦ . < ..,-'.
Hewlett C.-Worlsy, 34. Hollister, Cal., and
Allc* M. BOttazzlni.- 35, city.
Karl M. Klockera, 1*1; Gualala, Cal., and
Anna M. Styris, 19, Gualala, Cal.
Joseph -McKay,' 25, .-32- Mississippi street;
and Ncrah McDermott, 21, Eighteenth and
Missouri streets. ¦ * ..-...--
Frank L. Barrows, 29, Los Angeles, Cal ,
and Jean K. Klnley, 21, city.
Nells Walters, 21, 314B O'Farr?ll street, and
Vireiniit Blanchard, 19, ai4B O'Farrell street.
Jacob Cam. 25, 702;Vallejo street, and
Sophie Franks. 19, 2 Cadell place.
August Mayer, 25, 1637 Fourteenth avenue,
and Minnie R. C. Bammann, 25, 385 Shotwell.
Vldus Reinstadler. 39, 410 Linden avenue,
and Mary Hortnogell, 29,' 410 Linden avenue.
John W. Hogan, 23,- a33A Twelfth street,
and Edith Treeay, 20, 3340 Twentv-first street.
John E. Dunphy, 37, 348 'Fourth street, and
Mary J. McKenna, 31, 318 Fourth street.-
Aloysius P. Cooney, 22. r 35 Fulton street,
and Delia Ahren, 20, 11 Hunt street. 1 ¦
McDuff Cooke, 27, Columbus, Ohio, and An-
nie T. Lillenthal, 21, 507 Connecticut street.
JcEeph S. Drummond, 24, Oakland, and
Emma Husband, 20, Oakland.
Jiacomo Riso, 30, city,:, and Olga Plsoll, 22,
city. •-.-: -. - ... .'. ¦ >- . - . •-¦¦— - ¦-
• Bayard Velller. 39, city, .and Margaret de ;
Wolfe, 23. city. . ...
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS~
Birth, marriage and death notices : sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
' sons authorized to have the same published.
v BORN.
BLUMANN— In this city, to the wife of Sigls-
mund Blumann, a daughter. ...... . ¦¦_
HEYDENABER— In this, city, April 18, 1902,
.to the- wife, of Henry Heydenaber, a;
' daughter. •
JENSKN — In* this 'city, .to the wife of Henry
• M. Jensen, a son.. ... y-/" • •:
LEVY— In this city, to the wife of Ben Levy,
1859 Post street, a daughter.
THERON— In this city. April IS," 1002, to the
wife of F. F. Theron, a son. ¦¦ ,-
marbied. ;: • ¦¦[,
BLAIR— CONKLIN— In this city, " April 15,
1902; by Rev.; William C. Pond, John B.
¦ Blair 'and Harriet E.- Conkiin, both of this
. city.-' ¦ ¦. ¦• .--. ', -.•.:.-- '....-¦ ¦ . ¦
HAMMOND— CHAM.BERLAIN— In this city.
i April 11), -Wttr by Rev. William C. Pond,
» Charles -Herbert Hammond and Mrs. Amelia
. A. Chamberlin. both ,of this city.
MEINEN— ANTONI— In | this city. April 20,
1002, by Rev. J. Fuendelins:, . J. Anton
Meinen and Mrs. Carrie "A.ntonl.
NIELSEN— SPITZ— In -tills city, April 1«,
1902. by Rev. J. Fuendellng, Wigga B. Niel-
cen-and I^onle Spitz:, ¦ |
SIEBE— BARTHOLD— In this .. city, April 15
10C2 ; by Rev. J. Fuendellng. Frederick- H.
Slebe and Charlotta H." Barthold. •
DIED. (
Acker, George- J... Kennelly. Edward J.
¦ Becker, Lena ¦¦-¦.• Mahoney. James
Clark, -Kmma * '. ; "< Mariat, <¦ Henry' "
Clark. Thomas : ¦¦ . - McDonald. Robert F.
Collins. John ' Merkel, August
Cotti., Sara . • , £J c ?, 8ner - Sarah J.
Currier. 'Eliza A. • : Mulligan.; Mercy M.
Curtla. Autrusta , Patterson. Harry K.
Donovan. M«ria , . Perir Lulri %'iij
Durschke, Ellen • ¦- CJuelrolo, Lorengo
HENRY J. CALLACHER CO.
V tEuc«» N or E to Flan^gan^GanasherO
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND KMHALMERS.
20 Fifth et.. opposite Lincoln School. . -
/ Telephone South 80. ¦ .
Mt Olivet Cemetery,
- NEAREST THE CITY.
Office, 916 Market Street.
' ' . ., , Telephone ' Bush 387. ..
NEW-FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS.
Samuel McFaddeu. ; IS years manager for
¦ the United Undertakers' Association; M. J."
} McBrearty." with the; same company for 10
years; P.' F. Green, Iste' with: J. C. O'Con-
nor & ¦ Co.,* have ppened new ' Funeral . Par-'
ldr«i at" 1171 MI*slon ¦ st..". between Seventh
. and Eighth. Telephone South 44. ;
, JAMBS MCGINN^ I
I Formerly . with ' McGinn Bros., has - opened I
IVnew Funeral 'Parlors at 214. Eddy st.. bet. I
I Taylor and Jones." '.Telephone : South 676. "¦ I
Giles. Mary Ann Btowell. Lillian E.
¦ Gould. Walter Earle Voisrt, Henry
Hawkins.' Georse AVilUams. Lawrence
Hedquist. Harry .XV.. Wise. Kate S.
; Jorgensen, - Emil . . Young. 'J^ohn Arthur
ACKER— In this city. April 20. 1002, George
. J.,,Ackery, beloved son • of Mrs. Annie Mac-
Dougall, a native of Indiana, aged 40 : years
10 -months and 4 days. ¦¦ - : -j
¦ CyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully, invited to attend the funeral to-day
. (Tuesday),, at 2 o'clock, fFom. the parlors of
the California Undertaking Company,' 405
; . Powell street, near Post. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery. ¦ . -
BECKER— In this city, April 20, 1002, Lena
-Becker,- a native of Alsace, aged 40 years.
ICTRemains at the funeral parlors of H. F.
Maass, .917. Mission street. . . .-; ,'
CLARK— In this city. Atiril 21. 1902, Emma"
' Clark, beloved wife of William A. Clark, and
mother of Calla Clark, \ a native of . Sweden,
a~ed 32 years.- / • ; ¦ • • ¦ - , .
CLARK— In this city, April 21, 1002, Thomas
• Clark,* beloved husband of Minnie Clark, and
father of Irene, ¦ Lillian. May and Thomas
Clark, a native of , Sydney, Australia, aged
37 years' 1 month and 3 days. ¦
- - C?"Frlends and acquaintances .are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
¦ (Wednesday), at 1- o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Theodor Dierks, undertaker, 05»
.Mission street, between Fifth and Sixth,
where the " services will be ' h«M , under . the
¦ auspices of Allemania Lodse No. 8, -IC. of-
P., . and thence to .Mount.^Olivet Cemetery
- by carriage. • « : .
COLLINS— In this city, April 20. 1002, John,
. beloved ' husband of- the late Mary Collins,
and father of Sister " Mary Bernard of the '
Order of the Holy Family and Margaret Col-
lins and Mrs. F. Amati, a native of County
Cork, Ireland. a_ed,74 years 4 months ani
**0 days ¦ '
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend funeral services to-
' day iTuesday), -at 8i3O .o'clock... at : his
late residence. -1707 Pow.ell ¦ street, thence " to j
St.' Francis Church, .where a requiem hlgn
mass will be celebrated for tne repose of his
soul. . commencing at . 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. .
COTTI— In this city, April 21, 1002. Sara
Cotti, dearly beloved wife of > Arthur Cotti,
and. beloved mother of Sara Cotti and Harry
5 and Frank Guffen, a. native of Michigan,
* ae:ed GO years. • ¦
E3" Remains at the parlors of the Gantner
6 Guntz Undertaking Company, 1209 Mis-
• sion street, between Eighth and Ninth.
CURRIER— In this city. April 20, 1902. Eliza
A. Currier, wife of the late George W. Cur-
rier, fend beloved mother of William B.. Cur-
rier, and. sister of Mra. L. F. Anderson, a
native of. Harrington, Me., aged 77 years
7 months 'and 7 Jays..
CURTIS— In this city, April 20, 1902, Au-
gusta, beloved wife of Frank .C. Curtis, anrl
mother of Allan Curtis, and daughter' of
Nicholas and Catherine A. Smith, a native
of San Francisco, aged 22 years 3 month
.and -12 days,' • ¦ ; •-.
DOTTOVAN— In this city, April 20, 1902. Mar i.%-
Donovan, beloved mother of William J., A.
G..L S. F, and M. E, Donovan, and aunt of
¦Annie J. Madden*, a native of County West- '
. roftath. Ireland, aged 1 . 73 years. " -. :
IC^Friends end acquaintances are respect- !
fully invited to attend the funeral to-dav
- (Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, ' from her lats .
residence, 3131 Twenty-second street, thence
to St. Peter's Church, where a requiem high
mass will- be- celebrated for the reoose of
her soul. at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Crods
k Cemetery: ~" "¦ ~
DURSCHKE— In this city, April 21. 1902. El-
len, beloved wife of the late Joseph
Durschke. and devoted mother of William H.
Morton, a native of London. England, aged
tH years S months and 21 days.
fE^Funeral will take place to-morrow ,
. (Wednesday), April 23, at 10:30 o'clock, from
the parlors of H,. F. Suhr& Co.. 1137 Mis-,
sion street,' between Seventh and- Eighth.
Interment- Cypress Lawn Cemetery.".
GILES— In Alameda. April 21. 1802, Mary
Ann Giles, wife -of- James. W. Giles, and
mother of James C, William ,S.. John W..
Edgar G,. -Lester T._ and Elvln R.- Giles and :
" Mrs. . W. H. Foster, .a native of San Fran-
cisco, ared 50 years." . ' . ¦ \;
GOULD— In Los Angeles. Cal., April 16. 100C,,
Walter Earle Gould, son of the ' late . Alfred
, S...Gonldrand ,the late Eleanor E. Gould, a
' native of San Francisco. . - -
HAWKINS— In the City and County Hospital.
April 21, 1902. George Hawkins, a native of
England, aged' 41 years. •
HEDQUIST— In this city. April 20, 1902,
Harry W. • Hedquist, dearly beloved and only
son of John 'and 'Augusta Hedquist. and ,
brother of Edna E. Hedquist. a native of
San Francisco, aged 4 years and 25 days.
GFFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invitart to attend the funeral Tuesday,
April 22,, 1902, at 1:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his ¦ parents. 19 Prospect • avenue,
between Twenty-seventh and '. Twenty-eighth
streets, oft Pow-ell avenue. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery. -. •-..-...•
JORGENSEN— In ' this city. April 18.-1902.
Emil Jorgensen, beloved father of Mrs. C;
; : von. Rosen and Victor. Martin and Carl Jor-
gensen, and brother of Mrs. P. Danielson and
Mrs. . C. Bohme. a native of Copenhagen,
Denmark, aged 56 years. A member of Court
Justice, F. of A.
tC7FrIends and acquaintances are respect-
. fully invited' to attend the funeral Tuesday.
• April .22. at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 825 Turk street. Interment Mount
¦ Olivet- Cemetery by carriage. ¦'< ' ; . __ ~ -.
KENNELLY^-In this" city. April .2\", 1902. ' Ed-
« ward • J. . Kennelly, son of the late Edward
and -Hannah Kennelly, and brother of Nora
M. and Jennie T. Kennelly. a native of San
. Francisco.- aged 38 years.
IC?"The funeral will take place to-morrow '
(Wednesday), at 0:15 o'clock, from his late
residence, 966 Oak street, thence to Sacred
Heart . Church, where a requiem mass will
be -celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing 'at ' 9:30 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. ''¦,'' '
MAHONEY-r-In this city, April 20, 1902,
James, beloved son of James and Mary.Ma-
heney, and brother of Thomas Mahoney, a
native of Boston, Mass.', aged 43 years.
MARIAT— In this eity. April 19, 1902, Henry
Mariat, a native of Switzerland, ased ; 78
years.
McDONALD— In Louisville, Ky., Aorll 14,
1002, Robert F. McDonald- (of McDonald
Bros.), beloved- husband' of Trinidad Mc-
Donald (professionally known -as Belle Wil-
' ton), and father of Agnes. Elsie and Rich-
ard McDonald, and brother of J. A. and J.'
J. McDonald and Mrs. P. Hayes. Mrs.'. H.
Schroder and the late Mrs. F. Whitelaw, a
native of San Franci&co, I aged 37 years.
• (New York and Louisville, Ky., ; papers
please copy.) . ¦ . ¦ ¦
(ETFrlends Bn d acquaintances are respect-
¦ fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 1 9 o'clock, from ; the parlors ' of
the United Undertakers, 27 and 29 Fifth
street, thence to St. Patrick's Church, where
a requiem high mass will be celebrated ¦ for
the reucs? of his soul.- at 9:30 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery. . ;.
MERKEb-In this city. April 20. 1902. at his
residence. -.. 316 Devisadero street, between
Page and Oak, August Merkel. dearly be-
loved husband of Francisca Merkel. • and
stepfather of Emma Frey, a- native of
Reichenthal. Baden. Germany, aged 56 years
11 months and 3 days: A member of Sued-
deutscher Verejn. '¦
. fC7F r '« no<3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend a requiem high mass,
which will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, to-day (Tuesday), at St. Bonfface'3
Church, Golden Gate avenue, between Jones
and Leavenworth- streets, commencing at-
10:15. o'clock. 'Interment private. .
MESSNER— In the City and County Hospital,
April 21. 1002, Sarah J. Messner. a native
of England, aged 48 years.
MULLIGAN— In this, city, April 21*. 1902,
Mercy M.. relict of the late John Mulligan
of ,Healdsbursr, a native • of Enosbursh. Ver-
mont, aged 84 years 7 months and 4 days.
" - cyNotlce of funeral hereafter. • ' ¦¦ '
PATTERSON^In this city. April'. 21, 1003,
Harry K. Patterson, son of Deborah Pat-
terson, and . brother of Thomas W..- ' Stuart:
H. and Sally K. Patterson and Mrs. Frank
Kreybill.and Mrs. Albert Most jr.- a native
of Pennsylvania, aged 46 years 11 months
and 1 day. (Pennsylvania papers please
copy.) ' • , • ••¦/•' • -•
CT?"Frlends and: acquaintances are raspect-
fuliy invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from the family
rejldence, 1543f Mission street. ...
PERI— In this city. April 21, 1002. Luigl Perl.
beloved husband of . T4eonora Perl, a native
"'of Italy, aged 3S years • and 8 months. • * - \
QUEIROLO— In this city, April 20,: 1902, Lo-
¦ renzo , Qucirolo, beloved son of. the. late
Gaetano Quelrolo and Assunta Berra. a na-
tive of San • Francisco, • aged 10- years' ti
months and 17 days. ' ..--,'. . '
(cy Friends and acquaintances! are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral' Wednes-
-¦ day, April 23, 1902. at 1 o'clock, from the
residence of his mother, 43.T Knlon street.
STOWELL— In this city, April 21, 1902,' Lil-
lian E., beloved wife of W. L. Stowell, a
• native of St.. Louis, Mo., aged ;{.} years.,
E~Friends'and acquaintances are respect-
fully .-: Invited to attend funeral services
Wednesday, April 23, 1V»O2. at 12 o'clock, at
; her late residence, 6 Liberty street. . .
VOIGT — In the City and . County Hospital,
April 19, 1902, Henry Voigt, a native of Gcr-
. many, ared. C2 years,.. - - ¦ — - . •
WILLIAMS— In this city, April. 21,- 1902,
Lawrence -B.. beloved husband of - Mamie
Williams, a native of Arkansas, aged 42
years 1 month and 10 days.
WISE— In this city. April 20. 1002, Kate , S.
- Wise, mother of. Clark, ; R." A.- and R. H.
l "Wise, "¦ native of Kentucky, .aged C4 years
g 0 months and 0 days. : '
• . tt_r Friends and acquaintances are respect-
¦ fully . invited to attend the. funeral to-dav
(Tuesday), at. 2 o'clock, from tha residence
'.-of -her son,. R. A. - Wise. 8S8 Eddy street.
Cremation ¦ private, . Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
YOUNG— In' West Berkeley, April 20,- 1902.
John 'Arthur,' beloved son of John and Jane
, Young; and brother of Agnes, Rose, Frin-
o«>j; and Virginia- Young, a native of -San'
:. Francisco, aged.3 years 4 months and. 20
¦ day?. - -
. : . (r— rFriends «nd- acquaintances are respect-
fu'.ly . invited to . attend the funeral to-day
'(Tuesday), on the arrival of the 11 ! o'clock
boat from 'Oakland, f oof of Market street.
¦Interment. Holy; Cross Cemetery. .
\'~; - CARD OF .THANKS. ..
i -The children of v the:late Wllliam-Mahoney
wish to thanK their friends forj the kindness
¦ shi'wn them: In. their late bereavement. ¦ ".
'' M. J.-.rW.'. P.TK. T. and M. H: MAHONEY
- : . vjand MRS. J. A. FLYNN." r - ¦¦: , <.-.~:
S<~ artistic floral; designs
: - Prices [Reasonable . ,
107 POWELL St nUELLIS W. 5056PHOTOGRAPHS OF THE" WANT ADS INSERTED IN EXAMINER AND CHRONICLE' BY BENNETT. THE UP
PER ONE IS THE EXAMINER AD. WRITTEN IN PENCIL, AND LOWER THE CHRONICLE AD, WRITTEN IN.
INK. EXPERT KYTKA DECLARES BOTH WERE WRITTEN BY C. B. HADLEY, AND THAT THE PENCIL ;
AD HAS BEEN TAMPERED WITH • - " " / ;
¦. Game • in' season for iunch . at^Caf e Zln
kand properlyVcooked," properly served. : J
For moving and etoring try Beklns Van and
Storage Co,, C30 Market street. . •
Adams'; Sarsaparilla Fills.
A eprlng medicine for constipation. Impure
blood, pimples, tallow complexion; 10c,-' 25c.'. • *
Your First Duty to Yourself
Is to look after your own comfort The com
fortable trains of this Nickel Plate Road, Chl
ago to New York and Boston, carrying Nickel
Plate <Jinlne can. In which are served Ameri
can Club meals at from 35c to f 1 each,' always
pl<tace th» travellns public. JAY W. ADAM&,
P. C. P. A.. S7 Crocker bulldlcg, Sao Fraa
ci»co. Csl. i
In , the sult r of "Kate "and; Frankie Helen
Gutheil - against H. ; W. ' C. Nelson United
States '¦!¦ Circuit ¦•- Judge •• Morrow r yesterday
sustained • the ' demurrer • of ¦ the defendant
and dismissed 'the suit. ;¦ The action .'was
brought to quiet title, in i Glenn County. .
Title : Suit Dismissed.
A jury In Judge Kerrigan's court
awarded Alfred Bolen,- a carpenter , who
was bitten on the leg. by a dog- owned
by Edmond Adams, a \ saloon-keeper ' at
1051 Howard street. $500 damages . yester
day. Bolen sued for $2500. »
Bolen Gets Damages.
A woman named Mrs. Fink, wife of a
San Joaquin Valley farmer and res'.ding
at 517. Clipper street, committed suicide
yesterday by taking carbolic add at the
residence of Mrs. Voight, Twenty-sixth
and Diamond • streets. She was removed
to the City and County Hospital, but was
pronounced' dead when •' the ambulance
reached its destination.' The Coroner was
notified and took charge of the body.
Woman Commits Suicide.
The sale of the property known as the
Hotel Elysium, at 566 Geary street, was
confirmed by Judge Troutt . yesterday.
The property, which is part of the N.
K. Masten estate, was sold to H. 'A"-
Hedger and Jeremiah Lynch for $133,000
Hotel Brings Good Price.
l/5uls Coffman. a lineman, employed bv
the telephone Company, came in con
tact with a live wire while at work at
Sixteenth and Mission i streets yesterday
afternoon and fell a distance of fourteen
feet. He was removed' to the railroad
hospital, where his wounds, consisting of
a dislocated hip and several scalp cut«
were treated. .
Lineman Severely Injured.
George Danher. and E. Tettler were^ar-,
rested at Truckee yesterday ? by , Deputy
L. V N.' Kercheval'bf the FIshV Commission
for offering for sale trout which were un
der the weight -prescribed, by law.". The
offenderc were ''¦fined $30 : each > by Justice
of the . Peace Hill. E. • Slebert • and L.
York were - arrested r ..-.near 1 ,'^ Upper.:: Lake,'
Lake '.County, ,for spearing
trout. Judge Green fined them $20 each.-
Game Law Violators [ Caught.
The orthodox Jews commenced the cele
bration of the feast of the Passover yes
terday by attending service In the syna
gogues. For the ¦ next seven days the
feast will be most strictly observed. It is
held to commemorate the Jews' escape
from bondage in Egypt. '¦¦ Rabbi Isidore
Myers will preach to-day in the Bush
street Synagogue on "The Survival of the
Fittest," while Rabbi. Voorsanger will De
heard at Temple Emanu-El. He has se
lected for his subject "From Generation
to Generation." A special service for
children will be held this evening at the
Bush-street Synagogue.
Jewish Festival Is Begun.
The Board of Education met yesterday
for the purpose of hearing the charges
filed by Principal Albert Lyser of the
John Swett School against Miss Mary Mc-
Kinney. The latter's attorney, Stephen
V. Costello appeared and informed th»
board that his client was ill and unable to
be present. The board thereupon post
poned the hearing until next Monday
Postpones Teacher's Trial.
No Half- Holiday, for Clerks.
The deputy county clerks serving in the
Police Courts at | the Hall of Jusctlce are
not to have the pleasure of attending ball
games and races on the afternoons - on
which the courts are adjourned in the
future. ;They have been ordered to report
to County Clerk Mahoney %for further
duty as soon as court adjourns.
Injured While: at: Work.
D. Pagnini, a laborer, while at work at
B16 Greenwich "street, ; fell through the
celling-*of . a. dilapidated- house, and sus
talnsd'a compound : fracture of the thigh
and internal -; injuries, which may i prove
fatal. He was . removed to the ; City and
County.- Hospital, .where Drs. Maher and
Murphy set the; broken limb. ¦
Elk Case Settled.
, '; On ;, motion j. of . •': Prosecuting V Attorney
Hanley "the .cases 'of ,-\ Charles' Ward,
charged . with- killing, an! elk 'at the park,
and ; Antone Fodera, charged . with » having
the : elk; in > his; possession, were dismissed
by Judge Cabaniss yesterday. .
The Union I-abor Central Club held a
meeting Saturday night at r Loyola -Hall,
Tenth and Market streets, and elected the
follo%ving officers: President,. J 'A
OBrienj.vice president. J. J. CouehlaT!
recording secretary, J.M. Murphy; finan
cial secretary, H. Gallagher; treasurer. J.
Montgomery; sergeant-at-arms, J. "W
Payne; executive committee— George Gal
lagher. George Malloney. CH. Young.'G.
J. - Vickerson, John i Duncanssen. William
McKlnn,: George Gill and L. Urbdis.
Labor Club Elects Officers.
United States Circuit Judge Morrow
yesterday, overruled ' the demurrer, of the
city .in; the ' suit of the .; Spring VVaUey
Water Works' against the city and "county
of. San ; Francisco,: and the case will go to
trial .on; Its. merits. The grounds of the
demurrer, were that the case was not one
of equity,' that 3 the court did not have
Jurisdiction, and "that the complaint was
uncertain and indefinite. The suit was
brought" to restrain the Supervisors from
enforcing | tho : water ! ordinance alleged > to
have been adopted. In March,; 1901. :
City's Demurrer Overruled.
Bayard Vellier. a local newspaper
writer, was married yesterday to Miss
Margaret de Wolfe, better known under
her stage name of Margaret Wycherlv a
member of the Alcasar Ftock company
The ceremony was performed at St. haul's
Episcopal Church. Bishop Brent who is
to depart for the Philippines, gave
the bride away, and Judge Lawlor was
th- best man. There were no bridesmaids
A few intimate friends witnessed thp
ceremony.
Popular Actress Is Married.
Fred Hansted was arraigned before
Judge Cabaniss yesterday" on , ' the
charge of an : . -assault - with intent
to . commit ' grievous j bodily injury
upon Thomas Garrett. Assistant Dis
trict Attorney Hanley • asked for a
continuance.; as Garrett-. was unable to
appear In court. Tho motion was opposed
by Attorney Archie Campbell, as no
showing had been made for such a course.
Attorney O'Connor was put on the stand
and »h«- detailed>Gairetfs -condition last
Friday, -when *. the complaint- was sworn
to. tHe.sald Dr. Rosenstirn had said that
it would be a week » before v the patient
would-be able to leave the hospital. The
Judge, against Campbell's protest, con
tinued the case till to-morrow.
Hansted "Is Arraigned.
W. J. Whiting, a negro, was arrested
last night by Police Officer Harry Wilson
and charged at theSouthern station with
rassault with a deadly weapon. Whiting
lives In a lodging-house at 10 Sixth street.
Early -in . the evening he quarreled with
his female consort and commenced to beat
her. The proprietor of the place heard
the woman's - screams and went, to the
room to protect her from further assault.
Whiting drew a pistol and forced the
landlord from the room. Officer Wilson
was called In 'and after a struggle placed
Whiting under arrest. The negro en
deavored to use his weapon on the officer,
but a few blows from the officer's club
took the fight out of him.
Pugnacious Negro Under Arrest.
Grand Jury May Investigate.
Mrs.' Hattie Lalng of the Bohemia, 219
Post street, appeared before Judge Mo
gan ¦ yesterday on a charge of battery.
The complaining witness was. Eola
Brusco, a young girl, who came from the
country last October to look for a situa
tion. She happened to go to the Bohemia
and said she was encouraged, to start in
a, life of shame by Mrs. Lalng. . She was
under 18 years of age and Mrs. Lalng
knew It. Mrs. Laing had locked her out
and struck her. Mrs. Laing denied
all the statements of the girl. The Judge
continued the case till to-morrow, and in
structed Officer McMurray of the Califor
nia Society for the Prevention of Cruelty
to Children to lay the matter before the
Grand Jury. . • . . : . . .' .
. New. scenery has- been prepared -for the
play, and no pains^have been spared to
make the' affair •, a • brilliant' - success.
Tickets will-be 60 cents: After the play
the floor will be cleared for dancing.
Ellen Douglass', Madeline Murphy: King
James of Scotland, > Frank Giesellng; Roderick
Dhu. De Guy Simpson; Lord- Douglass. Daniel
Monroe Jr.;. Blanche' of Devon, Cella Brettl
stein; Allan Bane,: Atlee F.- Hunt; Malcolm
Graeme, Albert, \V, Albrecht; Lady Margaret,
Anna M. McLee; Murdock, George R. Morrison;
clansmen and courtiers, other members" of . the
echool. -. - .- ¦¦ - .- .¦;¦¦¦_'
The students of the Cogswell-Poly
technic School will render a "dramatiza
tion of Walter : Scott's . "Lady of •> the
Lake" next Friday - night at ¦ the college
hall. The cast of characters will be:
Will Render "Lady of the . Lake."
Sixty Members Journey to Sonoma,
Where the Day Is Spent in
Taking 1 Pictures.
Sixty-vmembers of the California Cam
era Club attended the "poppy outing" iast
Sunday at Sonoma. The trip was made
over the California and Northwestern
Railway. Tho club members enjoyed a
pleasant day's outing and took many
snapshots of places of Interest around the
quaint old town. The club has made ar
rangements for a trip to the Yosemite
"Valley on June 7, and the list of aDDllca.
tiona is rapidly being filled.. /I*
The San Francisco- outing pictures art
now on exhibition at the rooms of the Ca
mera Club, Academy of Science building
A special committee has been appointed
to arrange for the print exhibition and
auction sale, which will be "held at Metro
politan Temple at a later date. The ona
hundred and forty-third illustrated lectur*
under the auspices of the club will be
given next Friday night at Metropolitan
Temple. Henry Payot will speak, his
subject being "In the Shadow of the Pa
goda."
Discharges the Jury.
The jury in the case of Charles Loubet,
alias Ramon Sanchez, charged with be^
ing an accomplice of John Stevens in
the theft of valuables from Mrs. Eliza
beth Darling of 913 , Eddy street on Jan
uary 24 last, was unable to reach a ver
dict, and waa discharged by Judge Dunne
last evening.
Dispatches of Saturday concerning the
disaster | in Quesaltenango are confirmed.
It is estimated that 500 uersons were kill
ed and millions of dollars' worth of prop
erty was. destroyed there. Fires, which
followed the earlier shocks, added to the
loss, and many heart-rending stories of
suffering are received. ¦ .
r ; T he-. whole country is 'panic stricken,
.'he towns of Patzum and Mazatenango,
the latter in the coffee district, were de
stroyed. The visitation was spectacular
In character. The -; first shocks ¦ were ac
companied by terrific thunder-storms.
Lightning was followed by a: deluge of
ram,. which, will; be long remembered by
those who witnessed the awesome sight
PANAMA, April , 21.— Late dispatches
trom Guatemala are to the effect that
the whole republic was shaken by earth
quakes from half -past S o'clock on Fri
days night U p t0 8 o'clock. Sunday night,
with, only short intervals between the
shocks. . '
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Judge ' Cook yesterday delivered the
judgment of himself and Judges Lawlor
and Dunne in the case of George R.
Fletcher,, superintendent of the Odd Fel
lows' Cemetery, - who was convicted hy
Judge Cabaniss for violating . the or
dinance prohibiting any bodies from be
ing interred within the confines of the
city and county of San Francisco. The
caBe is a test one, and tho arguments on
apprtil were heard at length by the three
Judges sitting in bank.'
The judgment of the lower^. court was
affirmed and the appeal dismissed. Judge
Cook said there was some doubt as to the
validity of the ordinance, but it was not
sufficient to lead them to declare it void.
Besides, If it had been declared void an
appeal to the Supreme Court would have
been prevented, and both sides are de
sirous of having the constitutionality of
the ordinance tested by the highest court.
The appeal will be- taken at once. <-.• •
CALIFORNIA CAMERA
CLUB HOLDS OUTING
Confirmation of News of
Terrible Disasters in
Guatemala.
Superior Judges Declare
the Ordinance to
Be Valid.
At, the conclusion of the entertainment
an, exhibition of diving and swimming
will be given in the tank by pupils of
Professor Cavill. Scott Leary, and Brewer
will swim an exhibition race and Lester
Hammersmith,' Professor* Cavill, W.
Sherry * and others ¦ will ¦perform fancy
feats in diving. . v .
by orchestra; club swinging/Walter
OLeary; parallel bars, George Schlitter and
Charles Bayley;< Chinese impersonation. Louis
A. Steiger; acrobatic feats, Rittler brothers ;
slack wire, George Olsen; w/estltng by thirty
numbers of the club under the direction of Pro
fessor George Melhling; dueling with. swordo.
Emlle Ortton and'Fernand Vautier;, quartet.
Corinthian: fancy bag punching, Dan Whelan
and \V . . J. Leonard; Roman rings, George
S-ehlitter and Jacob Dilger: boxing, Sam Berger
and C. A. Bayley and W. J. Leonard and Dan
Danzlger; fire act. L.. . Stone.
OLYMPIC . CLUB ARRANGES
A FINE ) ENTERTAINMENT
"Ladies' Night" Will 'Be the Best
Given by Local Athletic
Institution." ;.
_Lcader John A. Hammersmith of the
Olympic Club has arranged a splendid
programme for "ladies' night", to-morrow
evening. Invitations are scarce and the
fair sex is striving to secure tickets of ad
mission,, as the -exhibitions given by the
local athletic institution are always of
high order. The programme follows:, ,.--;
The fifth annual convention of the Mas
ter Plumbers' Association of California
convened yesterday morning at Albion
Hall, Alcazar building. James E. BrRt,
president of the association, called the
convention to order and presided' over Its
deliberation. J. L. E. FIrmen, secretary
of the organization, called the roll, anil
almost a full membership, representing
all sections of the State, answered. Chair
man Erltt appointed a committee, on cre
dentials, consisting of J. L. E. Firmen
of San Francisco, Jj. Scholes of Los An
geles, J. S. Johnson of San Diego, George
Stack of Sacramento and F. A. Ruhl of
Stockton.
A committee on resolutions, consisting
of Sam Ickelheimer of San. Francisco,
Thomas Stevens of Los Angeles and Ed
ward Barrett of Fresno, was also ap
pointed. After the preliminary matters
had been disposed of the convention went
into an executive session, which lasted
until late in the evening. The -local or-,
ganization of master plumbers gave a
smoker in honor of the visiting delegates
last night, which was quite an enjoyable
affair. The Women's Auxiliary of the as
sociation , entertained the wives and
female relatives of the visiting delegates
yesterday with a luncheon at an uptown
restaurant, which was followed by a trip
to the Cliff House. •'. ¦
Transact Much Business During
the Bay and Enjoy Smoker
in the Evening.
MASTER PLUMBERS MEET
IN" ANNUAL CONVENTION
The Unitarian Club will give a banquet
next Thursday evening at the Merchants*
Club, 222 Sansome street. Among the
speakers will be General James F. Smith,
Professor Carl C Plehn, Courtney Ben
nett, British Consul General to this city,
and Rev. "W. D. Simonda of Seattle.
Tickets will be $1 to regular club mem
bers and $2 to outsiders.
Unitarian Club's Banquet.
for the murder of the young girl.
Mrs. Bert Ward, formerly Estelle
Baker, the girl chum of Nora. Fuller, ac
cording to a telegraphic dispatch receive 1 !
last night from Williams, Ariz., where
she now resides, says that there is a re
markable resemblance between the pict
ures published of Charles B. Hadley and
the man whom she saw Nora Fuller with
on several occasions at the Olympia. In
addition to that B. T. Schnell, who sold
the mysterious Hawkins the bedstead and
bedding at Cavanaugh's furniture store
on Mission street, and Edward P. Stengle,
whp waited on the elusive Hawkins at
Noonan's store, state positively that the
picture of Charles B. Hadley, ' with the
false mustache, is an absolute likeness of
the man they dealt with.. On the other
hand, Restaurant-keeper Krone says that
he knows Charles Hadley very well, and
that he is not the man he knew as John
Bennett. He also states that ¦ Hadley is
not the man Bennett who wore a cler
ical garb some four or five years ago.
Captain Seymour, however, has unearthed
a. splendid photograph of Hadley taken
in a clerical garb, a circumstance to
which he is inclined to attach consider
able importance. Then, again, the soiled
handkerchief with the laundry mark
burned off which Captain Seymour'B de
tectives found in the Sutter street house
is an exact duplicate of the handkerchiefs
Hadley used, one of which is now in Cap
tain Seymour's possession. The police are
satisfied that it. will. be. well worth their
trouble, to go to extremes in their -efforts
to locate the missing accountant. In the
meanwhile they will make a. thorough
search. throughout tine city in an effort
to find somebody who might throw some
light on' Hadley's connection with ' the
case.
Story of a Night 'Watchman.
;v. Ca ES aln , Barkley. night watchman of
the Flood building at Fourth and Market
streets, is convinced that he had a pecu-
vertisement and obtained a card marked "Box
B3S3." I asked the young man behind the
counter to allow me to see the pencil he used.
It was marked "314 Eagle Draughting."
Not wishing to break up my collection of pen
cils, I obtained a pencil from Mr. Dunnlgan, an
Examiner writer, this pencil being of the same
quality as the one used In the business office.
Mr. Dunnlgan . told me that the Examiner
office supplied Its employes with this style of
pencil.
:A microscopic examination proved my claim
correct Please note inclosed photograph
marked with red pencil, showing same quality
of graphite, 'containing very low percentage of
clay. The other part of the ad., including the
erasures. Is written with a medium soft pencil.
On March. 23 Captain Seymour sent a police
officer to me with Instructions that the Exam
iner ad must be Instantly returned to the Ex
aminer office, as they insisted on having the
original immediately. A few days afterward
wishing to show the captain the existence of
two kinds of pencils us^d in the body of the
original Examiner ad, I called by order of
the captain, on Mr. Roberts' for same, - and
was refused, because . I had no written order
from the captain. A few days subsequently I
again went to Mr. . Roberts with a written
order, from Captain Seymour and was again
refused. • - -. ¦
¦If you so "desire. I shall In a few days give
you 'my reasons for my opinion by the aid of
many micro-photographs. ...
I hereby report again that after careful ex
amination of many specimens of C. B. Had
ley's writing, both in ink and pencil, I find
that the "C. B. Hawkins'' in Umbsen's books,
the Chronicle ink ' advertisement and the Ex
aminer pencil advertisement. ARE in the hand
writing of C. B.. Hadley.. Respectfully
T. KYTKA, Handwriting Expert.
liar conversation about ¦ women with a
man who he says resembles' the photo
graphs of Hadley. Barkley states that
one night during the month of December
he talked with ¦ the stranger in question
at the corner >¦. of Market and Fourth
streets. During the conversation, which
was occasioned by the passing of young
men and women who had been out on a
good time, the. stranger told Barkley that
he had advertised for a wife, and picking
out one* answer to his advertisement he
began a correspondence with a young
woman who > subsequently refused to tgo
over, to Elmhurst to meet him. The
strange* mentioned the incident as an
example of the shrewd cunning of women
who answer advertisements. 1 '-
.Handwriting Expert Kytka's positive
assertion that Hadley wrote the signa
tures upon which the. police are building
their case was. contained in the following
communication : ' • " ; ."..
• SAN FRANCISCO.; April 20.— George Witt
man,. Chief ( of Police— Dear Sir: Owing to a
mlsstatement regarding me In to-day's Exam
n t £ e «£ :x , l }!!£! ner P* 5 " 011 advertisement.
On T. March 22 ' 1902. Captain Seymour gave me
the Examiner pencil ad. In the Nora Fuller
murder case- with the instruction to make a
photograph: of same, and not to use it for any
examination of. hand writing under any circum
stances., as the Examiner- had pledged Captain
of this ad. in the Examiner office, therefore I
\Yhile photographing stme.. however, slightly
fhi a fl Be t' * W J?" '."P™ 8 ** 1 b y the appearance of
«hA QSl Z & J h 'Vv » nd the cVret below
the body of the advertisement. Both this word
and mark were -written with the same quality
SmMi'A were ,** e «*"«*• "31-l-40^J
-080 and the word "Examiner." which figures
?he wo O £ ••wh,T r .' Uen ,, b l a dlffet * nt hand g from
the word white" and the remainder of the ad
Same Sort of Pencil.
in^vJ*? to ° bt f In a specimen of pencil used
in Examiner business office I inserted an ad-
Positively Declares That Missing Examiner Man Is the Person Who
Signed the Rental Contract for the House on Sutter Street. to
Which Nora Fuller Lured and There Brutally Strangled
BURIAL CASE
OPINION GIVEN
This sensational document was placed
in Chief Wittman's hands yesterday, and
lie immediately placed it in the hands of
Captain Seymour, -who is leaving no stone
unturned to unravel the mystery. In ad
dition to this positive statement of Ex
pert Kytka there are several circum
stances which probably might prove dam
aging If Hadley were brought: to trial
Mrs. Ward Sees Resemblance.
mysterious murder of Nora Ful
ler. Both Captain Seymour and Chief
Wittman are anxious to locate the miss
ing man, who left a lucrative position as
bookkeeper and accountant of the Exam
iner and suddenly disappeared on the day
the story of the finding of Nora Fuller's
body was published in the newspapers.
Neither Chief Wittman nor Captain Sey
mour will say positively that Hadley
strangled the young girl in the vacant
house on Sutter street, but they do say
that they are more anxious to locate Had
ley than any other suspect that has been
talked of since the nude body of the
unfortunate girl was found by the po
lice. Theodore Kytka, the famous hand
writing expert, submitted an additional
report to Chief Wittman yesterday, in
which he declares positively that the man
who wrote the decoy advertisement that
was published In the Chronicle and Ex
aminer, and which was the means of
luring Nora Fuller to her horrifying
death, and the man who signed the con
tract with Umbsen & Co. for the house
at 2211 Sutter street, where the girl was
subsequently murdered, was Charles B.
Hadley of the Examiner.
CHIEF OF DETECTIVES JOHN
SEYMOUR is diligently pursuing
the Investigation into Charles B.
Hadley's connection with the
Rev. T. S. Young of San Jose addressed
the Baptist ministers yesterday morning
on "Sensationalism in Preaching." Rev.
W. H. Sharp, who leaves shortly for Bur
mah, was introduced and addressed the
meeting. Dr. Van. Kirk of the Berkeley
Bible Institute was the chief speaker at
the meeting of the Congregational min
isters' meeting. He spoke on "The His
tory of the Doctrine of tho Sacred Scrip
ture." Chaplain J. Barton Perry of Al
catraz told the Presbyterian ministers
about "The Philippines." Chaplain Nav»
of the army delivered an interesting talk
to the Methodist ministers on "The Abo
lition of the Army Canteen." An address
was also delivered by Rev. Dr. Kennedy,
the eminent Methodist divine of Boston,
who spoke on "The History of Method
ism."
Weekly Ministers' Meetings.
W. R. Hewitt. Chief of the Department
of Electricity, filed a petition of W. E.
Lutz, secretary of the executive commit
tee of the Mystic Shriners, who convene
In this city on June 9, 1902, that the city
bear $1000 of the expense of installing a
system to permanently illuminate the
tower of the /erry building. The Mystic
Shriners will contribute $1000 and the State
$1400, the total of $3400 being for the In
stallation of 2000 lights. The Knights of
Pythias, who convene here in August,
also petitioned for the illumination of the
City Hall . dome.
The repaying of Post street, between
Powell and Taylor, was ordered at a cost
of $4700. .
An ordinance was referred to the Fire
Committee fixing the rates of payment for
the connection of citizens, firms and
corporations with the police or fire signal
system or telegraph system of the city
and county. For the Installation of a
gong $25 is to be charged and for its
maintenance $12 per annum.
Tho Executive Council of the Catholic
Truth Society, the St. Vincent's de Paul
Society and other organizations sent their
indorsements of the plan to build a new
City and County Hospital.
The petition of the Merchants' Associa
tion, that the county roads be put in good
condition, was referred to the Street Com
mittee. ' ¦ . •
Wants Better County Roads.
The ordinance transferring from the
School Department to the Public Library
Trustees a school site on Sixteenth and
Pond streets, whereon to build a branch
library, was passed to print.
I. • W. Hellman, who holds the deed of
Adolph ' Sutro conveying to the city a
right of way for the Dewey boulevard,
notified the board that demand had been
made upon him by the executors of the
Sutro estate to surrender the deed to
them because certain conditions had not
been. complied with by the city. Hellman
desires the board to adjudge the truth of
the statements made by the executors and
to direct him to return the deed to them.
The petition of the San Francisco La
bor Council, that the Supervisors require
of contractors bidding for the work of
cleaning streets not to request the street
sweepers in their employ to wear uni
forms and to pay their employes a mini
mum wage of $2 50, was referred to the
Street Committee. , - •- - "
The Board of Public Works was direct
ed to report to the Supervisors not later
than Mayl, 1902, a district wherein hy
drants can be erected for the purpose of
affording protection from fire, flushing of
sewers, sprinkling of streets and other
purposes, in order that demand may be
made by the Board of Supervisors upon
the Spring Valley Water Works that It
make connection between such hydrants
and the nearest main. ¦ ¦-
A new ordinance ordering the construc
tion of the Sunset main sewer along H
street from Tenth avenue to Seventh ave
nue wa3 passed to print, the original or
dinance not having been approved or ve
toed by the Mayor.
The board by resolution expressed its
thanks to A. B. McCreery for his dona
tion of $25,000 to build a branch library.
The ordinance making it unlawful to
maintain after July 1, 1W3, fences exceed
ing ten feet in height was finally passed.
Similar action was taken on the ordinance
appointing an additional stenographer in
the Police Courts for sixty days.
Petitions were referred to the Street
Committee from the San Francisco Re
tail Merchants'. Association for the repay
ing of Fillmore street, for the grading of
Polk street to the bay and for the more
frequent sprinkling and sweeping of cer
tain streets in the Western Addition. .
Assessor Dodge appeared . before the
board and stated that he required the
men - for the purpose of collecting taxes
on personal' property, which were $600,000
in arrears. Dodge stated that he would
come before the board at the end of May
to ask for the employment for another
month of the extra deputies. The ordin
ance carries with it a draft of $3000 on
the urgent necessity fund and pledges the
board to allow the employment of the
deputies for thirty days additional.
The resolution authorizing the Mayor to
purchase eight acres of land in the Bay
View district for $8000 as a site for a new
pesthouse was finally adopted. JVAncona
explained that the price was higher than
the market value of the property, but
was not excessive. The owners demand
ed the increased amount because of the
damage a pesthouse would do to adjacent
property.
The Board of Supervisors yesterday
passed to -print an ordinance authorizing
Assessor Dodge to appoint thirty addi
tional deputies for a period of thirty day<s
at $100 per month each. This action was
taken on the recommendation of Mayor
Schmitz, who upon investigation found
that the employment of the additional
employes is necessary.
The trial of Walter Dlmmfck, ex-chief
clerk of the Mint, on a charge of stealing
$30.0(iO in gold coin from the cashier's
vault of the Government coin depository,
was resumed yesterday in the United
States District Court before Judge- de
Haven and a jury.
Dimmick was recalled for direct exam
ination by Attorney Collins and the de-
Icnoant endeavored to cast the responsi
bility for the robbery upon Cashier Cole:
Dimmick made vigorous denial of the
facts testified to by witnesses, and claim
ed that they had all perjured themselves.
When Attorney Bert Schlesinger cro&s
examined Dimmick for the Government,
the defendant made certain statements
that will allow the introduction of impori
am evidence In rebuttal.
In his direct examination, Dimmick said
that he had never tampered with '.he
locks of the cashier's vault or any other
locks in the Mint. He claimed that cer
tain shortages had existed in Cashier
Cole's accounts on many occasions, and
that Cole had made good the missing sam
of $120. The defendant then told of over
feges in November, 1899, amounting to $400,
iiTiti that the sum was taken from the
vaults by order of Superintendant Leach.
The money was deposited by Leach for
unknown parties, and Dimmick claimed
that Cole had deducted $120 from the sum
in order to reimburse himself for his first
shortage. :
Seeks to Accuse Cole. -
Dimmick then claimed that many other
shortages had occurred in Cole's cash ac
counts and that the cashier had - taken
money from the vault and made up the
suri: in the cajsh trays.
"On one occasion,'.' said Dimmick, "a
truck loaded with sacks of gold contain
ing $3000 each was taken out of the office
and Cole rushed to the truck and took off
one of the sacks, exclaiming with an
oath, "By , I had a narrow escape
that time.' " • , .
The next phase of the examination was
as to the reason why Dimmick had been
found in the Mint on several occasions
ts late as midnight.
He said it was a part of his duty as
chief clerk to check the pay roll and he
was unable to do this work until after 6
p. m. At Mr. Leach's request he worked
two or three hours a night for about eight
raorths, from October, 1900. on the re
finery report for the whole of Mr. Leach's
itrm as superintendent. He was never
at the Mint on business other than that
connected with his official duties.
Wanted to Change Positions.
The only occasion in which Dimmick
spoke to Cole about changing their posi
tions was once when Cole complained that
Dimmick had kept him waiting fifteen
minutes and when Dimmick said: *'If you j
think the chief clerk hasn't auything to t
do you'd better change places with me !
and nnd out."
Air. Collins produced a yellow box about
twelve by eighteen inches and several
large account books. These were iden
tified by Dimmick as being the articles
that he took out with him from the Mint
in the nighttime. He carried out the
books in ine box, and also had a small
hand satchel, in which he took the family
silverware to and from his residence. He
used to keep his silverware for safekeep
ing in the Mint vaults. He denied that
lie -ever owned a. dress suit case or that
he ever purchased anything at Summer
field & Roman's, or that he knew a Mrs.
Perry on McAllister street, or had ever
been in a house on that street. On sev
eral occasions the defendant took out of
the Mint several empty linen bags in
which Australian gold had been stored.
He look them home to make dishrags out
of them and for other purposes, and Su
perintendent Leach used to take them
out also.
The foregoing testimony was given for
the purpose of negativing the testimony
of Cyrus P. Ellis that he saw Dimmick at
about midnight on one occasion leaving
the Mint with two or three sacks of gol<i
in his hands, and the testimony of the
street car men as to his traveling with a
dress suit case. He denied also that he
ever had had any words with a street
car conductor.
Is Rigidly Cross-Examined.
Dimmick denied that he had ever agreed
to make restitution of any portion of the
stolen money, and said that Secret Ser-'
vice Agent Burns and District Attorney
Woodwortb wanted him to do so, but that
he refused for the reason that he was
not the man who stole the money.
On cross-examination by Attorney
Schlesinger. Dimmick admitted that the
books he carried from the Mint on the
night of March 18, 1901, were old accounts
of. his prexious business. He claimed
that he worked on the posting, of the ac
counts, though the last entry made was
on December 30. 1900. ..
Dimmick admitted that he went out of
business in 1838 and that he finished his
work on his accounts in 1301. The de
fendant claimed that he had often worked
in the Mint late at night, assisted by
some of the clerks, but he could not men
tion any dates.
. Dimmick then detailed the method of
counting the coin every day in the vaults
and told the familiar story of the discov
ery of empty holes in the racks of the
vault where gold sacks should have been
The defendant then stated that he had
•ften oiled the locks in the Mint, but
could not give exact dates.
Changed Clothes at Mint.
Dimmick further admitted that • when
he became cashier of the- Mint he was
instructed in the work of changing the
lock combination by a locksmith, and not
by the former cashier. When Cole became
cashier Dimmick was the man who as
msted him to change the lock combina
tion, and by standing behind the door was
able to learn Cole's combination.
Dimmick was then asked if he ever car
ried a. dress suit to the Mint, and admit
ted that he had done bo, but that the suit
was wrapped up in paper. He claimed
that the witnesses who had testified that
rre had carried a dress suit case Into the
S&^S&SS 1 **". hlmand »**
relSmlrtnfJSinl £ S^g^^
Apart from anything else, the inflam
mable nature of her cargo argued in fa
vor of her never showing up. Cardiff cool
becomes dangerous after . having been
stowed on board ship a certain length of
time. The Clisson's coal has been in her
hold long beyond the safety period, and
the reinsurance gamblers who banked on
the spontaneous combustion theory will
be bad losers. -
The Impossible has happened again and
the Ions - ago - given - up-for-loat French
bark Olivier de Clisson is safe after all.
She arrived at this port last night. 300
days from Cardiff. Eighty per cent re
insurance has been paid on her, and
within a very few days she would hav»
been officially posted as missing.
She arrived last night too late for
quarantine inspection, and nobody will
be allowed to board her ur.til the Federal
doctors get through with her thi&jnorn-
Ing. She sailed into port with her flag
at half-mast. She sailed in very slowly,
having accumulated an enormous crop of
barnacles and grass • since leaving Car»
diff.
Her voyage has been eventful as well
as lengthy. She left Cardiff 301 days ago
with a cargo of coal for this port. She
put into Cayenne August 5 on account of
a mutiny among the crew. The trouble
was adjusted and on September 9 she re
sumed her voyage. Since . then nothing
has been heard from her, and experienced
shipping folk spoke of her arrival as ar»
impossibility.
Since leaving Cayenne three of the crew
died of scurvy, one on March 24, another
on March 26 and the third on April 4
Eight of the crew are still afflicted with
the disease. . ¦
Authorize the. Mayor to Buy
a Site for a New Pest
house.
Vessel on Which 80 Per Cent
Reinsurance Has Been
Paid Is Safe.
Defendant's Denials Open
Door for Important
Rebuttal.
Supervisors Allow Dodge
Thirty Additional
Employes.
Poses as Innocent Victim
of Other People's
The Olivier de Clisson Ar
rive?, 300 Days From
Cardiff.
DIMMICK AGAIN
ACCUSES COLE
ASSESSOR GETS
EXTRA DEPUTIES
MISSING FRENCH
BARK IS IN PORT
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALli, TUESDAY, APRIL. 22, 1902.
HANDWRITING EXPERT KYTKA SAYS
HADLEY WROTE THE SIGNATURES
14
TEMBLORS SHAKE
WHOLE REPUBLIC
Tl VRP-TTR'^'M T? NTS
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Sold all over the world.
soap does, nothing but
cleanse, it has no medical
properties; for the color of
health and health itself
use Pears'. Give it time.
cj^yr^j^ —^
COKE! COKE!
Cheap, ; Clean Fiiel for Grates, Fur-
naces andJJooking.
. There is no fuel that will compare with coke
Delivered in' any quantity. Country order*
solicited. - P. A. . MCDONALD. 813 FoUoro «t.
DR. HALL'S REINYlGORATOR«raj
Stops all losses in 2i hours. Five %?S l * : %lS!
hundred reward tor any casa we Ufc*B
cannot cure. This secret - rem- " a >J
#dy cures Emissions, Impotency. &39 "513
Varicocele. Gonorrhoea, Gleet. TH*! W H
Strictures, - Drains. - Lost . Man-- i*IiJ [12 1J
hood and all ether wasting eC- flBjjfl rli2
lects of self-abuse or excesses. iii'^ r 'lM1
Sent sealed. $2 bottle; 3 bottles, |5; guaranteed
to - cure any ¦ case. Call or address orders
HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE. 835 Proa<1-
way. Oakland, Cal. Also for salt at 1073fc
Market su S. F. Send for fi-M book.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY ASS^N.
Office 1OO4- Market Street.
, Telephone— South 4-2O.
Oakland Office— 54- San Pablo Ave.
of satisfaction and wear goes home
with every parcel of laundry work we
turn out.
Our work is always well done — as
it should be.
No saw edges.
A Big Slice
The One
Surpassing quality of
Hunter
Whiskey
is that it never varies. One bottle or
a thousand has always the same deli-
cate aroma, the same rich, .mellow
taste, the same* perfect, smooth, sat-
isfying elements which make It
America's best whiskey. This Is the
secret of the popularity of Hunter
Baltimore Rye, and it is founded on
a rock.
CHTOSTT * WISE CO JfMISSIOTT CO.. Ia«-
E23&225 California St.. Saa Fr»ncUco,cS3l