PRICE FIVE CENTS.
V0LU3IE XCI-NO. 175.
SAN EBAKCISCO, SATURDAY, MAY 24, 1902.
Continued • on Page Two.
?•;.; [ ¦' • •„¦-'¦. .'.:'-, . . '¦ . ¦ . :"¦¦.¦•.'¦ ."'":•¦;;•: v ? -. : •¦ ¦•"!, .'..:. '¦ t,v>'*i ••¦ : V ¦'¦ ' '..^-.-\ '-'¦¦¦¦¦¦ v;< -- ¦¦¦ ¦' ¦•¦ '' -'
STATE OFFICIALS .WHO ARE IMPLICATED IN A .SCANDAL OF . ' FORGERY; .: FRAUD' AND MALFEASANCE IN
| OFFICE, AND SCENES AT SAN;' QUENTIN" PRISONi ' WHERE ' CONVICT: "CLERKS ; : . ARE ' FORCED :TO
, FORGE ACCOUNTS FOR CORRUPT RING., ;¦- ' -' -•¦, .'" ' ¦'¦'. "¦¦". .'^ i ..:¦-: < / ¦•¦ '- ; ' • ; -- . ¦'¦'' ¦'¦¦.'¦-'¦
raged- majesty, of the .law.
For; the comfort ':and conven
ience of Governor Gage's family,
dainty articles of; feminine ap
parel have been supplied by
wholesale; houses on the order of
Warden Aguirre or some of his
relatives. -These goods have been
shipped to San Quentin prison
and billed by the shippers to the
penitentiaiy.' account. In order
that the criminal' transactions
might .be covered; up. forged
bills, purportingto be for genu-.
jhe "r prison supplies, have been
prepared by convict clerks. These
bills ; have been ; passed by the
commissary of the prison. Francis
Foley, and by Warden Aguifre.
Certify to Forced Bills.
With th- signatures ' of Foley
and Aguirre, on their face,, the'
forged bills' have 'been sent by
'Aguirre before the Board of
Prison Directors. "The forged
documents have been forwarded
to .; Sacramento •_ and duly ordered
:paid by the- State Board of Ex
t aminers and the State Controller.
With the permit for the forged
The manner in which the
financial affairs of San Quentin
prison are being administered
Planned by a master mind, the
ring has utilized the services of
convict forgers, thieves and mur
derers for the purpose of obtain
ing goods by false pretenses for
the benefit and comfort of Gov
ernor Gage, his family and
friends, committing forgery, sub
stitution of bills, falsification of
records and engaging in a gen
eral conspiracy and being guilty
of fraud, deception, misappro
priation of public funds and mal
feasance in office. •
A FTER a most thorough
/1| investigation The Call
/ B is prepared to prove
that one of the most
corrupt rings ever banded to
gether for the purposes of crime
is now conducting the affairs of
the State Prison at San Quentin;
with the knowledge of Warden
M. G. Aguirre, the bosom friend
of Governor Henry T. Gage, and
with the assistance of the War
den's intimate deputies.
In the matter of subsistence
for Warden Aguirre's house at
San Quentin the grossest fraud
has been carried on. Though the
law allows the Warden the sum
Convicts Are in Control.
Convict labor has been util
ized to make costly furniture,
harness and sole-leather trunks
for the friends of Governor Gage
and Warden Aguirre. The mate
rial has been charged up in the
books at San Quentin to various
accounts and the State defrauded
This skillful plan has enabled
the ring to obtain large quanti
ties of goods for personal use and
secure payment for them by the
State under the guise of genuine
prison supplies.
bills to be paid, the ring of forg
ers at' San Quentin has sent the
original bills back to San Fran
cisco merchants, accompanied by
checks in payment. The original
bills have been duly receipted for
and returned to San Quentin.
Aguirre' might; enjoy, luxuries; at
the expense ¦ of the . taxpayers. .[
1 n the Penal Code of Califor
hia. such .transactions are desig-
natecC as : ¦.¦•felony, and the mem
bers of ;• .the' ring that" controls " San
Quentin prison have rendered
themselves amenable to' the out-
use of the- prisoners or the.,offi
cials of the prison, but were ob
tained so that Governor Game's
family and the friends of VVarden
by Warden Aguirre and his lieu
tenants is a disgrace to the com
munity, and The Call is prepared
to prove that some" of the men
who are paid to conduct the busi
ness of the penitentiary have
committed offenses that should
doom them to be inmates of
prison cells, garbed in the felon's
stripes.
Goods Obtained by Fraud.
Goods and supplies, ordered
presumably for the prison at San
Quentin, have been delivered to
the Governor's family and his in
timates,, and in order that the
State Board of Examiners might
be deceived, forged bil's have
been sent 1 to' Sacramento and
paid out of the public funds.
San Francisco ' wholesale
houses have on orders shipped
costl\\ goods to the prison,- and
the bills for the same have been',
altered', or substituted by con
vict '.clerks' at San Quentin so
that theY\ State Board of Exam
iners miaht be duped "into pav
ing. for tht articles.
These gyods were not for the.
Crafty Ring Systematically
Robs the State Treasury
Under Official Protection
Wholesale Fraud Practiced
Under the Mask of False
Bills and Mutilated Books
CONSTERNATION reigns in San Quentin Prison. A scandal which, in its proportions, in its revelation of- wholesale: cruiic ; has had fczv equals in this State, has burst over the institution, involving Warden Martin G. Aguirrc and
Henry T. Gage, the Governor, of California. .Warden Aguirrc has been guilty of, gross crimes and Governor ' Gagi v 'his^friend, j associate,' and adviser, has been the beneficiary of these criminal acts. The State treasury has been
systematically and craftily robbed by a gigantic ring, of whick Warden Aguirrc. .is the inspiration^ been purchased zvilh the money of the State, and fraud, forgery, mis
representation, deceit, dishonest bookkeeping and the consummate craft of Warden Aguirrc have blinded the PrisonWiKcetors 'to' the crimes and- have filched dollars dishonestly icon from the treasury of the State.
At the direction of the prison authorities convicts, expert in forgery, have been employed :to fqrgc.bills upon the. ficnitaitiary, to substitute dishonest demands for honest ones;- to make false entries in the prison books, to conceal
criminal transactions in the maze of crooked bookkeeping, in order that the family of ' Govcrno) •Gage, through the criminal'>assistanccof\JVardcn Aguirrc, might thrive upon a dishonoring bounty.
Convicts have been employed to' manufacture the most costly furniture, which has been sent by W : a£day:*Ag$}r^ city and elsewhere. ¦ A mammoth nest cf official thievery, upon
which ]Vordcn Aguirrc is hatching, has been uncovered. Great firms in this city] have been imposed upon, • rid has ruled at ;Scin : QucnUn,cxtrax'agancc there has had no curb, penitentiary records have been mutilated, accounts have been
fuddled, convicts have been made to commit iim crimes to. hide the crime of their official guardians : and the Siatejias been robbed Jhat Warden Aguirrc might show the generosity of -a thief and- Governor Gage might be his beneficiary. Hoiv
¦jar this official crime has progressed, to -what deep extent the State has been robbed, it is\thc t duty^^te2^^^Pt^^&i^^!^fJQte and careful inquiry, to determine.
SCANDAL OF THIEVERV, FORGERY AND CORRUPTION BURSTS
UPON SAN QUENTIN PRISON, INVOLVING WARDEN AGUIRRE
AS INSPIRING CRIMINAL AND GOV. GAGE AS BENEFICIARY
The San Francisco Call.1 SCPQUEHANNA. Pa.. May. 23.— Professor
Benton E. James, for many years president of
the Montrose HIrh School. commlneiJ suicide
last night by hanging himself to a tree In the
ottfkirts of th(j borough.. .Temporary Insanity
c&ueed ¦ by iil-ncalth is supposed to be the
cause. '-.•;' • '¦ «$**-.• ' ' - . - - r. •. • ¦.
..WOODLAND. May 23.— A meeting cf the di
rectors of the Woodland Canning. Condensing
and Preserving Company was held to-day, at
i which the purchase of a canning plant was an
nounced and the following directors were elect-
II ed: . Joe Cralsr,- president; ' -Dr,--T.'- W.. Prose,
vice-president; C. T. BWwell, .secretary; I. a.
Morris, treasurer. ,' ¦-•.¦',.¦./¦,.»
JOANVILLB.. Ky. f ' May 23.— The Rev. J.
\*. McKee, a rjrofessor emeritus of Center
College and one of the best -known Pres
byterian "teachers and "prdachers in r the
South, died to-day from the effects: of
acarbiinkle on the neck. , He was seven
ty-five years of age. _
The Rev. J. L. McKee
The. little town of Mai in, in Bohemia,
SEftsuJJK? hOrseradl£h 13 ta«ni-«8
¦ SCHOOLBOYS STEAL SCALES.— R. D
Faulkner, principal of the Franklin Grammar
School, swore to a warrant-In Judge ' CabanTss'
court yesterday for. the arrest of three sohool-
J*ys on a charge of petty larceny. He allege,
that they broke into . the school May 2 and
stole two scales valued at $30. ¦
"ST. PAUL, May 23. — Sunday-school 'session
of - the American Baptist Publication Society
¦was Held to-day. The committee on the pub
lishing department la its report highly com
mended that branch of the society's work for
Its" careful business management and the »uc
. ce*9 of its various enterprises. - . ' '¦
WOODLAND. May 23. — From a source con
sidered reliable It Is learned that about the flrst
cf June the railroad company will put on an
other train, which will be. operated between
Woodland and Willows. This train will leave
Willows at 4:40 a. m., arrive in Woodland at
6:50 a. m., and leave Woodland at 7:10 p m.
and arrive In Willows at 9 :30 p. m.
Frllow Prisoners Snub Matricide.
SALINAS, May 23.— The preliminary ex
amination of John McCarthy, the Castro
ville matricide, will commence to-morrow
morning. Arrangements have been made
to prevent trouble while the prisoner is
escorted to Ca*troville And return. Since
his attempt to escape on Wednesday Mc-
Carthy has been kep.t closely confined.
The other prisoners refuse to' speak to or
recognize the. matricide. '• ¦¦;¦ .-.."
Employe Dies at the Fire.
BUFFALO. N, Y., May 23.— The loss by
the fire whichllast night destroyed ths
transfer freight sheas of the New York
Central here is estimated at $150.000. •' J
J. Lester, an employe of the railway com
pany, was killed while working- to get
cars out of reach of the fire, the origin of
which is unknown. ' • ¦¦¦¦¦:¦.
Says Gripman Was Careless.
Elizabeth Augenblick and Jacob Augen*
blick, her husband, ate suing the United)
Railroads for $73,503 damages, for Injuries
alleged to have been • received by Mrs.
Augenbllck on April 9. They allege that
through the carelessness of the grlpman
on a Market street road Mrs. Augenblick
was thrown to the ground as she • was
alighting from a car and severely in
jured. ¦;..•... . . .,
Ortman Will Assess .Barges.
STOCKTON. May 23.-County Assessor
.Ortman has surprised, steamboat men by
taking thepositlon that the'law does not
require registration of barges, and there
fore the barges owned by the Navigation
and Improvement Company, valued ' at
$150,000, will be assessed in San Joaquin
County this year. • •
LOS ANGELES. May 23.— The Board ' of
Public Work, to-day decided to recommend
that the pole for the receiving and sending of
wireless ¦ messages between Los Angeles and
Catallna *e erected on .Olive Heights, on Third
street. . , ¦ *'.-.* --*•¦*¦*-
£ I.OS ANGELES. May 23.— Governor Sanford
B Dole, who has been visiting, relatives in
Riverside, passed through the city to-day en
route for San Francisco. He will sail from
that city on the steamer Alameda for Hawaii
WOODLAND. May 23.— Fanners' telephone
lines^ promise to become strong- competitors of
the Sunset Company for local business. About
a h . u 2?J ed njMes of line is already in operation
and fifty miles more are In course of construc
tion. • • . . . . , ,
WASHINGTON. May 23.-EHJah Chapman,
colored, was hanged here to-day for the-murder
of Ida Simmons, with whom he had been llvinr
Chapman returned home drunk last New Yearns
day" and after a quarrel with tho woman
plunged a knife into her hearts .y :
Big Fir© on I>wight Way.
BERKELEY, May 23.— A fire on Dwight
way in this city to-night destroyed prop
erty valued at $20,000. The buildings
burned were the Chinese Bazaar, the
store of Tates, Rankin & Co. ; Steen'a
Grocery and the bicycle 'establishment of
H. W.Xongstrath.. It is believed that the
fire -Is. of incendiary origin, prompted by
a desire to rid Berkeley's finest thorough
fare of a Chinese establishment, a3 less
than a. month ago the same bazaar
which was burned to-night was found In
flames, which, however, 'were extin*
gulshed without doing much damage.
Natives, Angered by. Murder of a
Boy, Threaten to Attack
" - . : the 'Settlers. . ' .
KINGMAN. Ariz., May 23.— On the af
ternoon of May 21 a Supai Indian boy who
had been sent on 'business to the' Truxton
Indian School was found dead eight miles
from Supai village. The boy had been
murdered, but by, whom or for .what rea
son cannot be learned. All the Supai In
dians an: excited and are making threats
against the school authorities. The agent
at Truxton has been cent for and. will
leave in the morning: with officers for the
protection of the school and teachers. It
is feared that the Indians may commit
some overt act before the agent arrives.
The Supais have never taken kindly to
the establishment of a school in the Su
pai canyon and may make the murder of
the boy an excuse for attacking all
whites in that vicinity.
SUPAI VALLEY WHITES
FEAR INDIAN. ONSLAUGHT
Not the least picturesque figures In the
streets are the city police, in their neat
white drill and red tarbouches in summer
and blue serge in winter.— London Trav
eler.
Another street cry which may be heard
In the main street of Abbaasieh (a
suburb) contains the following enticing
announcement: "To-morrow, oh, people, I
am going to kill a camel. The doctor says
It is young and healthy. Oh, Its flesh
will be tender as the quail and juicy as
lamb. Its price is but 1% piastres (7
cents) the pound." Do you love the sweet
flesh of &. ¦ camel, then come early and be
satisfied. ' . ¦ • . . . ¦ ¦
There is a drink seller, bent under the
weight of the odd-shaped jar slung over
his shoulder,- a lump of ice projecting
from Its mouth, conjuring custom, in a
similar strain as he struts up and down,
making the air resound with the rythmi
cal clap-clap of two brazen saucers: "Oh,
refreshment of the weary! Oh, quencher
of parched lips! Oh, blessing of heaven!"
A fruit seller, basket on head, with lus
cious grapes and figs, saunters by sing
ing in a quaint minor; "Oh, grapes, oh,
sweet grapes, that are larger than doves'
eggs and sweeter than new cream! Ob,
angels' food, delicious figs bursting with
honey, restorers of health."
VHere Is a 'street - melodist ; twanging: a
monstrous one-stringed ,. "something," and
accompanied/ by a. nose-ringed girl who
taps ;'¦ deftly ,pn-.a species .of tambourine,
while bystanders > ejaculate "Allah! Al
lah!"—the Arabic word for v applause. If
not quite in accord with your prejudices
concerning*. music, well, maalaish (never
mind), 'it is not nearly so distriactintr a3
a 'street- cornet at home, and they will go
away if you tell them to. The baboon,
the donkey and boy are in evidence, with
a score of performing tricks that are very
original and certainly funny, and you con
sole yourself with the hope of a minimum
of cruelty in the training.
. Take a-fchairHi,outside a, busy, .cafe, near
the market nfaceTand 'tram center and
wa.tch street .life: vThere fere no hungry
men; no starving, pinched. "child faces, no
finger- worni mothers;: foe this is a land of
plenty, < and' -tbe.^i people's wants are few
and- 8imple;: -Thus -sunshine and laughter
spray, a, welcome -fragrance over the nov
elty and romance'ofthe gay city's streets.
;Beggrar^r^;PeddIers> ¦? Fakers,' Mer
i1i}'chajxisy^Butcher* arid Others EacK
Vr '- * ; ; Mve Peciiliar Cry. ~''^ -<\
STRANGE STREET CRIES
¦¦.•;•¦--•«¦: "¦'; - iGrREET ' ONE IN CAIRO
"He mentioned 7 also Luke Wrlgfht.ria
memberj of • the Philippine: commission, '¦' as
able 1 to take up the, wor« 'br'-'-.- Governor
Taft If th«'latter should relinquish ¦Jt.'-M
¦ ."There is another Taft not far avay;
He will be here In a few days. I^eonard
wood Is another,' Taf t. H« meets . all. the
requirements of a great administrative' of
ficer. .-'• v- -.* -'¦¦ <¦•_•.? .*:;;'•¦';¦•' '¦ f : '« '
The Board of Health and Bishop .Gul
«tan of- the Catholic . Mission. , after..con
siderable correspondence - andV a' .contro
versy, that has aroused a good de'alof bit
terness, • are . reported to have reached an
agreement .regarding, the board's
for the recall of '.Father .Wendelln from
the leper settlement.. The Bishop refused
to remove Wendelln and claimed that he
had a right to stay at the settlement, . On
mission property. The . board*, then'-re
voked.the priest's permit and ordered .him
toleaveby June 10. A number of Cath
olic organizations held; meeting^ 'arid, ap-i
pointed committees to protest/ ajid arhais
meeting- was called. It is undefstbo.i
that the Bishop" has conceded the board's
right to send Wendelin away, but that
the board will grant . a request to allow
him to remain. .- ¦ •¦ .: : . .. " ':. ¦*¦:¦-
commission should pass away, it- would
be difficult to supply : tneir places ,;wlth
equally, efficient and -patriotic men, 'Bev
eridge said: : - '* '•: . .-' •
To add to the excitement a Japanese
woman committed suicide, < using bdth a
revolver and carbolic acid, in the district
of Iwilei, where the soldiers. congregated;
The patrol wagon * was on the run from 7
o'clock in the evening' till ; past -midnight,
and there was a greater run., on • ac
commodations at the police, station than
could be well supplied. - ' .-.-' ; '-.
• Although- the transport Bnford- wa| 'in
port-only for one. night, the soldiers/- ion
board of her made 'disturbance enough io
last this quiet- tropical city fora, montal
The police had their 'hands full, and many
arrests were made, .though as a general
thing they were content with dispersing
the rioters. ...'... ¦
But - whether or ¦ not these j lines -will
continue to lose , business westbound
around the Horn remains to be seen. As
a matter of fact there have already been
some nice examples of what' the North
ern transcontinental railroads can do in
tho naming of freight rates from eastern
points of origin to Honolulu,' even against
the very low rates of the ¦American-
Hawaiian Steamship Company. The three
Northern transcontinental railroads have
in -the. last six months successfully- bid
for and secured In the neighborhood' of
20.000 tons of freight that was originally
Intended .for : ;the American-Hawaiian
Steamship Company via New York and
the- Horn. .. ~ ; • .:
On east-bound, business the • transcon
tinental railroads,' other' than the South
ern Pacific, do not miss the 370,000 tons of
sugar that' is shipped to New York prin
cipally around the Horn, which route will
continue to get greater proportions from
year to year, owing to the fact that all
the transcontinental railroads,- Southern
Pacific. Railroad excepted, . have, their
heaviest business east-bound. The Santa
Fe hauls the immense fruit crop- of Call
fornia; the Northern-Pacinc.Great North
ern and Canadian Pacific tap the -great
wheat belt and lumber districts 'and have
the first optionon the thousands of cars
of salmon, that move from British Colum
bia, Washington and. Alaska. «?Vff,\ •
TRADE .BY THE; HORN.
Most of the antagonism seems to be
centered against -the American-Hawaiian
Company,. which has a steamer coming
.here every month, with 2000. or 3000 tons
of merchandise that is shipped from New
York. In addition the same boats carry
from. 5000 to 10,000 tons destined for San
Francisco,. Seattle, Portland i and all . Pa
cific,. Coast . terminal points, '.som/e'; of. the
freight' again 'going East- several hundred
miles, ..thus, it is claimed, avoiding. the
interstate cVmmereliregulations.'^ *'-« 5
If the CoVnpany
sluck strictly to Honolulu- business :or
trans-Pacific business : the ¦ tailroads",;.of
course, could take : no action-' in the- mat
ter,'or, in other' words, the volume ¦ ;of
business that could be handled around the
Horn to the Hawaiian" Islands Is so-small
that they could not afford to disturb their
terminal rates for the revenue duetheiri
if they secured all the- business of -the
islands. But, in all probability,' they will
not stand by and let any outside insti
tution come into their field and take away
from them 155,000 tons of freight per an
num .without at least making an 'effort
to eliminate such competition. i (,j^
HONOLULU, May' 14.— The - advent . of
several - new. lines "of . freight-carrying
steamers between. the coast and.Hawaii
an ports is beginning to do more than*
arouse". keen competition. There ' is . un
doubtedly a larger steamer : tonnage -, now
on the iine than- is warranted by ; the
amount of freight offering, and • the sail
ing vessels are being withdrawn and are
running with part cargoes.' .
Special Correspondence for The Call.
WASHINGTON, May 23.— The Housel
devoted th© day to private pension bllla
and to a few other minor measures. Loud
of California criticized the special pension
legislation as a disgrace and drew em
phatic, responses from SuIIoway of New
Hampshire, Sulzer of New York and Mlera
of Indiana, In all 105 private pension bills
were passed. The House adjourned until
Monday in order s to participate in the
Rochambeau exercises to-morrow.
Upon the convening of the House "Wads
worth of New York presented the confer
ence report on the- agricultural bill for
printing in the record, according to tha
rule yesterday, and gave notice that he
would call It up on .Monday next. Tho
: following bills were passed: To redlvide
the district of Alaska into three recording
and judicial districts. -\ For., the- promotioa
of First Lieutenant .Joseph. Jfc. Simras.
revenue cutter service. The 'House dis
agreed to the Senate amendment to the
bill to prevent the false branding or mark-
Ing of'food or dairy products and" asked
for a conference.
The House then proceeded to the con
sideration of private pension bills. Loud
declared that pension legislation had gone
far beyond the point of reason and had
become a disgrace \o this legislative body.
He said it waa physically impossible for
the committee reporting these bills to
consider them carefully, as 1169 had been
received at this session and passed, within
a total of twenty-eight hours.
Chairman Sulloway of tb« committea
asserted that the bill had the most care
ful consideration. He paid a tribute to
the old soldiers as. the warriors of the
nation, who should be protected in their
old age and never be permitted to enter
an alms institution. Sulzer and Miera
also paid tributes to the old soldie- ' k
Miers said it was an alternative betwt. I
this legislation and "over tho hills to t» I
poorhouse." Sulzer emphatically protesteuf
against the slandering of the men who
followed the flag and declared that it waa
the duty of every patriotic Representative
to stand behind the old soldier.
A spirited contest occurred between
Sulzer of New York and Hull of Iowa
when the latter sought to defeat one of
Sulzer's. relief bills to relieve the charge
of desertion against Michael Mullet. The
isew York member declared that Hull, as
chairman of the Military Committee wa»
seeking to punish him for a vote on ona
of the military bills. Hull denied any
such, purpose and asserted that Sulzer'a
relief bill was without merit and had been
reported as a personal favor, and when
the House sided with Sulzer Hull pre*
vented final action by raising: the poiufi
of no Guorum. "
PBESIDEJTT.'S- ADDBESS.
""We." Embassa'dor. J *e ' npprebiatp \ what
Franc* >ha«<Jone in sending to/owr sheree on
lhj<f /MTt-jisicn wich a-trarihlp and w^appreclate
tl*e choice of 'those who were sent he»». ana m!
?'otnbcm. w* fhank for '-your h*ppy pood
juflpmer-t .in eeJectlng, eudvan-illijetrious cora
rn«n<]eror the. army and- navy to' p«nd to us on
the .auspicious oecasign of the -unveiling of the
K/.cban)l>6ftU,sUiue.".Onft*. hundred and twenty
jv«rs ago ihe vajor-.of the ecldiers and. sailors
President Roosevelt, replied in his hap
piest vein,, though speaking with'unufual
ricnberatioa." -as -thought he 1 -' measured
every word he utt«?red: .; After expressing
the appreciation of the American people
for the friendly spirit which prompted
the sending of a battleship and so many
illrttrious soldiers and sailors to the un
2-Hilne «-f ?»-<- Rochambeau statue, the
President said:' - ? . . . < .. -¦
After 'tile delicacies of the menu had
been- discussed Enabassaaor Gambon arose
and' in. the came ipf, President Laubet of
the/yraich republic, "bade a. • hearty, wel
conce <o all ,Tvh<>-, were 'present. He was
CFj^craily complimentary in Ms_ alfusions
to -Prfesiaent *R6oge.vclt; in wnoseshaiids,
ne.j.-aj^ the .precious liberties of the
American people-were safe. He concluded
by offering a toast to the President of the
United- States. •* - -
NOTABLES AT LUNCHEON.
President Roosevelt occupied the mid
dle, seat at -Xhe head of the table. The
chief guest 'of honor next to President
Roosevelt was Governor Smith of Mary
land, who was assigned a seat near tne
Chief Magistrate. Admiral Dewey sat
neit to Governor Smith. Immediately op
posite the -President was Madame Cam
bon, wife of the French Embassador;
upon his right Mrs. Root, wife of the
Secretary of War. and upon his left Mrs.
Locige, wife of the .Massachusetts Sen
ator. Next to. Mrs.; -Lodge was General
Brugere, commander of the French arm
ies, and .to the left/, of;- Mrs.. Lodge was
Admiral vFournier, ' inspector \ general of
the French navy. . . . , ,
As : 4he. Dolphin ajiproachpd the anchor
«-8*.'ground of the Gaulois and the'.rAmer
kan squadron.- the Olympia-;: Al
bany 4pd Kearearge, 1 apresidentiarsaiute
was. ' « red and. the" French sailors feave
rousin'g enfeers.'- As- the. President came
aboara the Gaulois, accompanied by his
daughter and Secretaries Moody and
Hoot, he was met by Embassador Cam
bon, General Brugere and Admiral Four
rier.and escorted to the cabin of the of
ficers. Here a general handshaking,-con
gratulations and preliminary refreshment
fensued. Then followed the luncheon ten
dered to President Roosevelt by the
French Embassador. The banquet hall
had been improvised upon the ample af
tcrdeck of the Gaulois.
President, iloosevelt and • his ; - p'^rty of
Am-iricaii officials arrived at ll-.SJ. »''i*hey
were- driven to th,e;^aval Academy
through a double line of. marines and Na
tioeat' Guardsmen; -thenoe-. tt» -ibe ,wharf,
reviewing: the battalion vof-t'ijstgets -en
route, and boarceJ the dispatch: ;boat Dol
phin. H :•¦? ;vv "• ¦
The members of the French and Ameri
can commissions arrived from Washing
ton an hour in advance of the Presiden
tial tratn. They were met at- the station,
escorted to the Gloucester and Standish
andconvtyed to the..FVenchv ( hat ? tleshlp
lyil?5 in Annapolis - roads.^'Governor
Emlth of Maryland joined tfijffijcoinniis
non'.rs and -guests at the wharfLL'vvt
ANNAPOLIS, Md., May 23.-The lunch
eon given' to-day on board the French!
battleship Gaulois in honor of President j
Roosevelt was one of the most memo;- j
able incidents of the visit of the distin
guished French soldiers and sailors to this
country, who were here to join in the un
veili-ig "of the' monument to the memory
pf O*nersl Rochambeau, which will take
p!a-?e In Washington to-morrow.
¦* The President has received your note of the
22<i inst.. and requests me to say- In reply that
he hae gone -caret ully - over with ' the > War De
partment-the matter of. which >ou write, hav
ing been: in. correspondence with the authorities
at Manila and' in consultation with General
Tift here, arid that he does not thlnK anything
can - properly be done. • , He : will see Secretary
Root,onhia return from Cubaj'butabere ap-
'. .The President's position in the matter
is.hiade known through the folowing note
from Secretary" Cortelyou .'to Mrs. Mabel
'Waireri: of- Boston, under date of 'April 23:
'.'^That'tlie showing, made by. the papers filed
•herein is^ not sufficient to overthrow the pre
eumptron* iKatT.'the'aclIon ' taik'4n" by the author
ities • in Bataheas 'Was warranted by the facts
and ¦ the necessities' of ; the military situation.!
r' That under the- conditions existing in Batan
ras province' in December, ,1001,. Brigadier
General Bell In the Instance under considera
tion-exercised a lawful authority in a' lawful
manner. .--•-.• . . '- ' ... .<.•¦ ¦'¦¦'¦ ¦
>She;says that when the superintendents
; o£ ; ::ttie ; estates rwere.-. arrested they were
cruelly", beaten, one ; of them' dying as '. a
result of'the blows' inflicted by-the sol
diers." Among the papers is the report on
the i case by ..Charles E. . Magoon, ! law of
ficer- of: the 'division of insular affairs of
.the (Philippine- Island .War.. Department,
jvhb recommended, that the . petition be
not'- granted ; for ; the following reasons :
¦', ThrpeiOf. ray brothers. <Lorenso,v Cipriano and
M/inuel Lopez, are -prisoners on. the island of
Tallrii, all .the property of my family ha» been
etizijl and we are almost ' destitute. Against
jjjootny brothers there is no definite charge,
nor v have "any -of -them ; been a!lowed"even a
oourt-mixtlal.' My^ other brother, Clpriano. is
accused," without eyldence, of having concealed
fifty gui)8 v/hen he surrendered? with his troops
in March, Moreover, four of the super
intendents >'of our -estatefc have; been arrested
and have . been ¦ inhumanly '- punished i to make
them, give tip these supposed guns/:- My family
hits-always'been. friendly, with theAmerican of
ficiais.i my eldest- brother, Mariano, having ren
dered, them .valuable- service In , pacifying, sev
eral, provinces, 'and' our. town, of Balayan is the
gnly ,R«rmanen.Uy pacified town in. the province
of \ Batangas. The authorities ; in •, the Philip
pines have refused to hear us, and therefore be
cause of such great Injustice I have' come di
reefly 1 to -j-ou,' Mr. President,, to beg of you
to'elve^us justice. ... ¦.¦¦-"¦¦ -¦ , '¦ ¦ ;¦'¦
PI*AINT ; OF : MISS LOPEZ.
"If^you refer to the Philippine Islands,
I would- say that we have hot subjugated
them: they came to us by. treaty.
The Senator asked: "Don't you know
that' at the (time of the war^ with Spain
the Filipino people were in reyolt against
the Spanish Government?"
"That was true at Manila but not e!se-
W "\Vell, then, don't you think that the
consent of the people themselves should
have been secured before we assumed tne
responsibility of their Government?
"I don't think it safe to make any ef
fort to get their consent until affairs are
better established than at present. The
average Filipino would not know what to
say if approached on the subject. If he
should speak out for American rule he is
liable to have his throat cut.
Senator Carmack asked a number of
questions concerning the comparative suc
cess of. American missionaries in Asia.
The- Bishop replied that he.did not con
sider their success due entirely 'to the
fact that'heretof ore the United States has
not been, a nation of conquest and declar
ed it was due largely to the popular man
•nefS or the Americana. They are, he said,
less 1 pompoVis. • In China the 'Americans
have, he said, always been popular, and
tney- are becoming more so since theChi
riese'war. Our soldiers there had behaved
better than the forces of any other nation
except, Japan. . . ; '
The committee to-day y made public a
petition by Miss Clemencia Lopez, a sis
ter of Sixto Lopez, to the President for
the release of three of. her brothers of
the province of Batangas, who have been
taken; into 'custody by General Bell ana
sent to the Island of Talim, where, she
says, they are ' undergoing great; hard
ships.- : Miss Lopez is : in Boston and her
petition 1st dated there, March .i5 last. The
text of -the petition covers several printed
pages, : buf the facts and also the plea
made by Miss Lopez are summarized In
the :following: ¦ - ' ' ¦ : r •" < . •
PILIPINOS ARE, APBAID.
WASHINGTON. May 23.— Bishop Tho
burn continued his testimony before, the
Philippine Committee - ; of the . Senate ¦ to
day. ,'He was examined about ¦ various
phases .'of Tth"e. situatioh and especially as
to the -rights of. 'the .United States to dom
lnate..the.;Philitjplhe^Islands. He said in
reply ,to;ohe. question that chaos would
result /If,- England were to withdraw from
India.- j England:; had '.advanced civiliza
tion in 'theFarVEast. Hongkong- and
other places'-, were made great points of
commerce^Ho'ngkong'vwas,. he. said, bet
ter governed'' than ".Chicago and human
life was safe^r' there than in Chicago. * He
said the United"' 'States had more . rights
in the PhillppinfeaVthan It had over the
American Indian's; 3 because . ; the > fSjands
were acauire^^y; treKty.^^ie. was asked
whethef he thought ;,strprig- countries, ;na.d;_
'the' right to subjugate weaker' .' ones by t
force and BaitfAhe questiori^dUTnot apply
to Qie Unitaa* > S.tate8'a s ad i t.h$ Philippines,
because th^ islands '£ wereri-aoiulred by
treatyf-«'^»-Ju , :>. %^y*i:-*i'£-^:y:;^. .;
The Bte'hdp expressed . the opinion that
Aguuialdo could- xipt.-have^subjugated.; | the
isfands Jfi if left atone r«to T «.»'^Wbelliori.
against Spain. He. also>said; that^.here.
would have been civil*war to/ the. Philip^.
pine&Mn case Agulrtaldo Chad ; been, ylcto
riousrtn his war withvthev United/ States.:
The matter of the witnes&'-oplnion as- to
our right by force to subjugate .another
people was gone into at lengtn /by Senator
Culberson, when the witness-aaid: ; . .
-Dubois in his. speech, having- contended
that if Governor.Taft should die. or other
members, of the 'able-Pnilippine
- Beveridge replied . that the i trade was
greater with "free nations" because only
of the lower consuming power of the de
pendencies, v-' ¦.
. Hoar of Massachusetts inquired of.Bev
eridge if Great Britain had a larger export
trade- with. her. dependencies or.with-free
nations. . »J8a»vt-;JBW»isaMi'*js»3R*s i .'u.
-Admitting that fact. Beveridge said the
reason for it was that Great Britain, hav
ing long enjoyed a monopoly of the ex
port trade to her - dependencies,- : had
grrown careless, - and other nations— the
United States and Germany— more active
and enterprising, slowly had been under
minini? England's foreign : trade.
Beveridge said that -Great Britain sold
to her dependencies .each year; products
amounting to $500,000,000, , and he felt that
that sort of trade was worth striving for.
Carmack pointed "out that Great Brit
ain's-trade had been 'declining 1 while that
of the United States' had constantly been
Increasing. ' • •. • "~ — -.-
Beveridge of . Indiana declared ' that the
whole argument of the Idaho Senator -had
been made ; for the purpose of frighten
ing the American people with the dragon
of China. Dubois had maintained that
when China had adopted modern methods
in the development of Its . resources it
would supply, not only its, own needs, but
those of the world. If ¦ that were true,
Beveridge <held, then it would be true that
the United States ought not to encourage
the development ¦ of . any I country. He
urged that that was not true.
The exports to^ China from outside coun
tries amounted to about J250.00O.00O a year
and he believed that 'it would be possible
easily for the" United —cates to secure one
half of that trade. - The- Philippines, he
maintained, , were a. door to the Chinese
trade. -, ; -'--.--'v'ir • ¦'•¦
BEVERIDGE MAKES REPLY
, Dubois asserted that within six months
after Arizona, New Mexico and Oklahoma
were admitted to statehood, the profit to
the manufacturers of .the United States
in their trade with any one of. the new
States would be greater than the com
bined profits on all of their trade with the
Philippines and other Oriental countries.
The total trade of the United States
with the Philippine Islands, he said, waa
about $5,000,000 a year. We had spent
more^money in , the Philippine war than
all the trade of the islands with the Unit
ed States / would amount, to in a hundred
and fifty years, and every day we remain
ed in the islands our loss would be'In
creased. , '¦ ¦'- ¦ -'¦ ¦••'
Agricultural development would induce
Industrial activity and manufacturing es
tablishments would spring up and com
pete with us not only for the trade of the
islands, but also for China and the Straits
Settlements, and- eventually, owing to
cheap labor, would compete with our own
manufactured, goods fn all parts of the
world. ' ¦';' ¦ ,¦ . ¦
Dubois declared that feature of the bill
which permitted corporations to take up
5000 acres of land in the- Philippines for
agricultural purposes ought to be stricken
out, he believing that under It the rich
est lands ultimately would . fall into the
hands of great syndicates, thus encourag
ing a tremendous production . of cane
sugar, cotton and tobacco.
"The dragon is sleeping quietly now,"
said Dubois. "The monaier is inert Sur
rounded with a conservatism of centuries.
Looking to the interest of the white labor
race of the world, are we pursuing a
right course in awakening this sleeping
dragon?" . . " . '
Dubois believed there was no hooe" of
profitable trade relations with the Orient
or the Philippines if the islands were
managed ami exploited cs contemplated
in the pending bill.- A few individuals
might reap a profit, but it would be at an
enormous expense to the United States
and especially, to the laborers, the manu
facturers and the farmers. y •• »L»<
DEAGON IS NOW SLEEPING
Dubois isald* trie RepablJcMv policy was
to hold tne islands for all time as a col
ony and to/exploitj them for the advan
tage and gain -of our own people. Tne
minority intend to gjve. tne people an in
aepehdentr' (joyernmei^t and to. turn the
isii-nas over to them when they have es
taDiisned their own-Government. He was
satistied that there was great danger 10
tne wmte labor of the United States'at
tendant upon the development of'indus
trial activity by this Government in the
Philippines and declared that the United
Stales could not compete with Japan for
the Oriental trade. China, also, was a
menace, in his opinion, to the supremacy
of the United States in the Oriental trade.
The large exportation of flour from the
United States to the Orient, he thought,
had misled people into believing that we
Could establish there a large trade. This
was an idle dream. He believed it would
be but a short, time until all the wheat
needed in China would be raised by
Chinese.
An earnest and forcible reply to Dubois
was made by Beveridge of Indiana, who
contended that the development of, Chin
ese resources would be of advantage in
trade and commerce in the United States,
as the industrial development \ of . other
nations had been. ; t ; ; } j -
WASHINGTON, May 23.- A temperate
and carefully prepared speech was deliv
ered in the Senate to-day on the Philip
pine bill by Dubois of Idaho. He . con
rined himself almost entirely to a discus
sion of the commercial and industrial
aspects of the Philippine- 1 question, 1 hia
purpose being to show that it would be
a disadvantage to the people of this coun
try to retain the islands. .. .. . ;.. .
Petition From a Sister of
Sixto Lopez Is Made
Publia
Memorable LuDcheon Given
on Board the Foreign ;
Vessel.
Beveridge Refutes Argument
of Minority on the Phil- •
ippine Bill. . ;
Charge Made That Interstate
Commerce Law Is
Violated.
Eastern Congressmen Resent
the Remarks About
Soldiers.
Ijpud of California
Criticizes
Relief Bills.
Senator Dubois Protests
; Against • Arousing
Sleepy China.
President Graciously Re
ceived on "Warship
. ;"¦¦. .-¦•. Gaulois.
Senators^ Hear From! a
Divine of Philippine «
¦¦ A Conditions. -
Honolulu Freight- Garry
ing System Causes --¦
, : '¦.•..Comment. :•
RAILROADS MAY
MAKE CHARGES
'¦¦ "You are here to get through with the
work of the assembly," he said. "That Is
what the church sent you here for, breth
ren, and not merely to have a good -time. *
- NEW. YORK, May 23.— The Presbyterian
Genefal Assembly resumed .Its .sessions
to-day with a good attendance, and .the
moderator, the Rev. r>r..VanI>yke. called
up the report of the special < committee
on Sabbath observance as-the special or
der of the day. The report was read by
James Terrence. " ' .
The devotional • service was conducted
by the Rev. Dr. S. Hall Young of Alaska,
•whe, with other speakers, made grateful
reference to the accomplishment of creea
revision. • ' . . ¦ ¦ . ..
During the reading of the report of the
special committee on Sabbath observance
R. L. Carothers of Grand Rapids, N. D..
moved to strike out a part of the report
in which card parties on Sunday are con T
demued. ' . _
"It would convey the idea that the Gen
eral Assembly of this, church approves
of card parties on other days of the
week.v said Mr. Carothers. The amend
ment was accepted. - . .
After the adoption of the Sabbath ob
servance report the moderator adminis
tered a 'rebuke to some commissioners,
who, he said, were members of a judicial
commission and yet could not be found
•when called for. • _'.- ¦
Says Brethren ; : Are Sent to Presbyte
rian Assembly to Work, Not ,.
for Pleasure. ¦
MODERATOR .REBUKES?'.' \
SOME • COMMiSSIONERS
BITTER WORDS
FOR' PENSIONERS
The company then arose and the Presi
dent, accompanied by his daughter and
Secretaries- Root and Moody and their
¦wives and ,Mrs. Lodge and a few others
repaired to his : iaunfch 'i which, was in
waiting. As he proceeded 5 to the Dolphin,
which was lying: near by to take him to
Annapolis, a salute* of twenty-one guns
was fired. Immediately thereafter another
launch containing- General Miles, Govern
or Smith, Minister to France Porter, Gen
eral Corbin and others -left for the Stan
dish, which was to take them to the An
napolis wharf. As the Standlsh steamed
away the Gaulois fired a salute in honor
of Governor Smith and General Miles.
President Roosevelt left Annapolis on the
4:30 o'clock train for Washington.
Among the notables present at luncheon
were the. following: President Roosevelt,
Miss Alice Roosevelt, General Nelson A.
Miles.. Governor General Walter A. Smith,
Admiral Dewey, General and Mrs. Cor
bin,. Embaspador Porter, Count and
Countess Rochambeau, Count and Count
ess de Lafayette, Senator and Mrs. Wet
more of Rhode Island. Assistant Secre
tary of State Pierce. Commander Rodgers,
Captain Gleaves. Admiral Higjrfnson. Sec
retary of War Root and Mrs. Root. Secre
tary of the Navy Moody, General Chalen
der. Captain Fillonbeau, Mr. and Mrs.
Cortelyou. M. Pierze de Magerie. Com
mander Wainwright, M. Renouard. Vi
eorute de Faramond and Colonel Paul St
Marc. . . .- , . , •
Admiral Fournier followed with an ap
propriate address in which he dwelt upon
the high esteem existing 1 between the
French and American navies and pro
posed a toast to Mr. Roosevelt and the
Presidential household. Secretary of the
Navy Moody delivered an address, in
which he dwelt upon the fact that the
French fleet had never . visited America
except upon a friendly mission. ¦ The Sec
retary ended by a toast to the navy of
France, which was responded to with a
hearty will. Embassador Cambon con
cluded the speech-making by again aris
ing and dwelling upon the chivalrous
character of the American people. ,"I
now propose a toast," said he, "to Mrs.
Roosevelt, the-first lady of the land," a
proposition which elicited a most enthusi
astic response. : > -. . ¦• ¦'¦¦•' v
TOAST TO ErOOSEVELT.
Gfeneral Brugere followed "with" a felicl
tious-speech,, concluding with a toast to
the memories of Rochambeau and Wash
ington. Secretary of War Root delivered
a brief but happy address, in conclusion
offering the toast: "I drink to the army
of France, ever faithful and gentle in
friendship; ever fearless and gallant in
war."
Mr. Embassador, I thank' you- personally for
the courtesy which has been, extended to me.
It has been a source of valued information to
be permitted to see and inspect this eplendid
French vessel, and I Tiave-teeeir duly impressed
by Its superior mechanism and by the superior
physique and discipline of your men. I am sura
I speak for. the American ...navy when* I eay It
has been- a source of' pleasure that such a splen
did specimen .of French, naval architecture as
the Uaulols has visited -our shores such a
friendly.. mission, and in its name I thank you.
Let me. on behalf of all the people of "the Unit
ed States;". an£ with the certain, conviction that
1 huve^expressed 'their sentiments, drink 'to the
health of- President Louber arid to» the continued
prosperity of the mighty nation, of which he/is
President..- ¦. ¦ • " : ¦ J . - v ¦
cf France, excited, according to the judgment
of historians, the determining influence in this
country to become- a ; free and Independent coun
try, and because of that France* must always
occupy a' cherished place in .-our, hearts.
SEES DUMBER
IN THE DRAGON
prars to be a' consensus of opinion that no to*
Justice waa dong. '-'¦¦¦• ' -¦¦"._ .•'¦ '.'•*
FRENCH CHEER
FOR ROOSEVELT
The system of the commissary depart
ment at San Quentin prison is run en-
of $100 i>er month for subsistence, the rec
ords show that this sum has been ex
ceeded twice and three times over. -The
books of the commissary department have
been k . altered deliberately by convict
,c!erks A under direction of officials. The
Warden's subsistence account has. been
reduced monthly to the. limit allowed by
law and the excess charged to the prison
ers" mess acconnt or to cement sidewa'ks
or other items.
BISHOP ADVISES
AMERICAN RULE
noon to r day,: objecting 'to the food that
v/as supplied them. In .the dining-room
at." the ; time was .prisoji" Director Porter
it was' an object lesson to him of the
starvation methods 'incident' to -the sys
tem of economy in vogue. Fish was the
staple food for dinner to-day. The fish
was shipped from the markets of San
Francisco. The consigniment consisted of
about 200 pounds of shad, ~ and it was
taken from the 'train . here last "night.
The trainmen held:;their noses when they
slid the boxes f from the car. The fish
was feboked in the prison kitchen this
corrupt Vring. :; ,;that controls San
Quentin- prison v'and. the. disbursements of
laige*sums ; f)f -public. money has entertain
ed lavishly. ' Wines and cigars, fruits and
delicacies : have been partaken of by Gov
er.r,or Gage's family, and the friends^ of
Warden Aguirre and his brother, J. A.
Aguirre, and charged by the convict
in the' books at San" Quentin showing that
costly 'tableware '-and. ''articles of clothing
have been entered as '"bed furnishings."
These goods; sent^to* the Warden's house,
have been €harg«j;up to "furnishing and
fixtures," leaving no clew as to their des
tination. : "*'. •*. "•<'<
vit'-ha's: been common report about tha
prison that the' Warden, makes confidants
of the prisoners and ignores hi3 officers.
If hejias taken the convicts into his con
fidence and prepared r a plan for the dis
missal of Commissary Fitzgerald after ths
coming meeting it remains to be seen
whether- he* will be able to carry it out.
he.would .go, though none of the officers
of the prison had heard of id When tha
time. set by the convicts came Matheson
received a. note from, th© Warden telling
h'm.Jhat hid services were no longer re
auiVeci. : -"" \'.~ '
Continued From Page One.
Stafe Settles
for Ladies 9
¦¦W:M&mns. -
y j v, . • - * •
Charge Goods
to Bogus
Items.
Forgers Made
to Change
Bills.
Skilled Men
AreUsedfor
i rrauu.
• FOLSOM, May 23.— The convicts at the
prison almost broke into open j revolt' at
Refuse to Accept & 3>iet of .Overripa
¦*¦*, Shad. . ; . •
FOLSOM CONVICTS REBEI,:
It is now the duty of the Board of Pris
on Directors to. make an Immediate in
veEtigatlon and ask The Call to prove Its
charges, which this paper is prepared to
do in a full and complete manner. '
The lavish entertainment carried on by
Warden" "Aguirre arid his* brother "af'San
Quentin. has- been, done, with jthe^know:
edge of Governor*' Gage. The Governor
has been a", very, l frequent' gue'st of his
bosom friend, Warden Agulrre, and must
have known that his host could not afford
to entertain' as tie 1 did ori ah 'allowance bf
5100 per month. ' ; ¦; - '-!\i '-'' * 1
Particular care has been taken by the
convict clerks -to cover up the pur
chase and supply of goods destined for
the members of-- the controlling ring: and
its friends. As in all criminal work, how
ever!'a clew has been left* and The Call
is prepared to prove, its assertions here
set forth.
Criminals Leave Clews*
clerks acting under instructions to vari
ous departmental accounts In the guise of
wc'od.^coal, cement, iron work, cloth, etc.
Heretofore the. convicts have known
days in advance of ;, any changes to; be
made by the Warden.* 1 Two weeks in. ad
vance they named Cthe very hour whien
Lieutenant of tfce.Guard Lamphrey^would.:
be dismissed. At the* designated time
Lamphrey wasV called into the.^Warden's
office and told that bis connection with
the prison staff. 'was ended. The convicts
told, too, that; George ;. : Heggerty>. would
take Lamphrey's place, and pir.t'he, morn-,
ing after Lampnre'y left "Heggerty, was*
lieutenant r.of . guard. ¦ ;A: -f ew^- days- after
that change war made the convicts said
that Civil /Engineer Mathesoh Vo'uld'be
dismissed. They; even' named the day when
The convicts have been asserting for the
past ten days that the head of the com
missary, Edward Fitzgerald, a brother of
Director Fitzgerald, would drop after the
meeting to-morrow night. They say that
the Warden has made up his mind to dis
charge that official. For several weeks
the Warden and the commissary, have not
been on speaking terms., . ' ¦• . , *".£
Nine of the prisoners were reported to
the Warden as having thrown to the
floor the fish dished out to them and few
of the other 700 prisoners had the nerve
to even taste what was given them.' They
declared that the smell drove away their
hunger.
morning and when it was served to the
prisoners at noon .the. revolt began.
In the matter of ordering and distribu
ting supplies for: the prison the system in
vogue Is "farcical. Entries-. -can be found
Thousands and thousands of dollars
wcrth of supplies are charged annually, to
the prison at San Quentin. The book3 do
not even show that the goods have" ever
reached the prison, j The only proof pre
sented is a bill, from the shipper and the
entry? made by a convict clerk.-^Collusion
between the ring, in controj- and corrupt
shippers opens" the door to the defrauding
of the State of enormous sums.'
The manner in which the commissary
books are -, kept > the., grosseat
frauds to be .perpetrated by the ring, in
control of San Quentin prison,' aided and
abetted by the 'convict clerks. , .<¦' .; ¦''.'-,
Fruits Charged as Fuel,
Warden Aguirre ¦-'allows . the convict
Clerks in the commissary- department ¦ to
do as they please. General Overseer J A.
Aguirre, the brother of the Warden, ad
mits that he knows nothing of the books
of the commissary. ¦ •¦ • -, ; '-Z i* -•
The reputed commissary officer, Francis
Foley, is entirely ignorant of what is
carried on in his department. He is un
able to explain any entries on his books,
always calling upon the convict clerkd
to giveVlnformation. "-
'>— : — f
tirely by clever convict forgers, with the
full • knowledge of Warden Agulrre. the
bosom friend' of Governor Gage and to
whom the Warden owes yhls position.'
Raid Made on
the Public
Funds.
Warden Lives
in Lavish
W-vSfyle.^;
CORRUPT 0NGTHAWCBNmO^
ill CONVICT CLERKS TO FALSmt WCQRDS AND FORGE ACCOUNTS
Crime Shows
on Face of
Books.
Gives Costly
Presents to
Friends.
THE SAN FB ANCISCO CALIv SATURDAY,; MAY 24, 1902.
Piles Cured' Without ,the : Knife,
2
Itching-, Blind. ¦ Bleeding .or Protruding Piles.-
No cure. No Pay. All druggists .are authorized
by manufacturers of Paso Ointment to refund
money. where It falls' to cure any case of -piles,
no matter of. how .long standings. Cures, ordinary
caees In six days; worst cases i^» fourteen- days.
One ¦ application gives ease arid- rest.' - Relieves
itching instantly. .This. is. a new. discovery, and'
13' the only pile remedy sold on' positive gTUar-
antee, no cure,, no pay. ,- A free sample will' be*
sent by mail to any one sending name and ad
iress. Pricc,-50c. If your druggist don't keep'
It in stock send 50c in stamps and: we :wH!':;fojr-.i
ward • full size box by mail. - Manufactured by
PARIS MEDICINE CO.,- St. Louls.1- Mo.,- -who'. 1
ilso manufacture the celebrated • cold "cure '
Laxative Bromo-Quinine Tablets; -; ; fi"'\ ~r'\
peculiar
MKm- Itself
""'*•" - - •¦ ~ •* ' ' .' -J '-
lq /u-hai Jt is and . wHat it doesi-c'on-
Vtivimg . the best blood-purifying, alter-
ative and tonic substances and'effecjing
'the most radical and permanent cures of
all humors and all eruptiohs, relieving
u-cak, tired, languid feelings, and build-
ing up the whole system — is true only of
Hood's Sarsaparilla
No other medicine" acts Hk'e it; no
o^her medicine has done so much real,
substantial good,' no other jnedicine has
restored" health and strength at so little
cost. :l*ir^fj^ * ¦-? ' '
> Food's CarsaparlUa promises to
cure and keeps the promise.
This dgaatdre is on erery box of the gcnnlaa
Laxative Bromo-Qxiinine Tabled
4h« remedy that cares a cold in oae day,
JL IUC d VMZilUij* of the
notable State* and Social Functions, at Home
and Abroad* .demonstrate : the Pre-eminence oi
?THE^QUEEN; OF TABLE WATERS."DEMOCRATIC AND REPUBLICAN CANDIDATES FOR THE GOVERN
ORSHIP OF OREGON. WHOSE FATE WILL. BE DECIDED BY THE
VOTERS OF THE NORTHERN STATE AT ELECTION IN JUNE.
MONTEREY. May 23. — The order of court
decreeing distribution of the estate of the late
Daniel Stuart, a pioneer \ot this State, who
died last fall, sends nearly $150,000 from this
county to Scotland, to be divided, between Da
vli find Margaret Stuart, sister and brother of
the ¦ deceased.
Strikers Obey Court's Order.
PORTLAND,' Or., May 23.— The grant
ing of a temporary Injunction by Judge
£ears of the State Circuit Court last even
ing restraining the striking' building
trades men from interfering ylth the bus
iness of the planing mill owners has had
the effect of discouraging the calling out
of . other union men. The strikers will
obey the temporary injunction to the let
ter and at noon to-day all pickets were
called in. It Is understood that no fur
ther strike orders will be issued.
SAN DIKGO. May 23. — Orders have been re
ceived from Washington that the gunboat
Ranker be prepared for sea and await sailing
orders. .It Is likely the Ranger will go to
Panama to relieve the Philadelphia.
Upon the Philippine question is the only
! decided clash that has entered into the
I campaign. The Republican party in its
j platform has declared for the retention of
the islands. The Democrats are for their
eventual abandonment, or as character
ized by their opponents "scuttle." Port-
I land has large interests that favor the re
j tention of the islands. Its export trade.
I its lumber and flour industries, are look
ing to the Philippines as an outlet to a
profitable trade. The farmers of Oregon
are now profiting by the Asiatic demand
for wheat and flour. The Philippine ques
tion thus enters more largely into the
campaign than any other question, espe
cially since the Democratic platform
ignores the silver question and indorses
many planks of the Republican platform,
viz. :
Againrt leasing the public lands.
Favoring the irrigation by the Govern
ment of arid lands.
Protection of the State's fishing indus
tries.
Favoring the Chinese exclusion act.
Declaring for an open Columbia River.
Placing State officers on salaries.
Recommending a Department of Labor
and recognizing the rights of laborers to
form unions.
Declaring for the regulation of trusts
Favoring the adoption of the initiative
and referendum amendment.
Recommending a State Mining Bureau.
Favoring election of Senators by vote of
the people.
Since the Republican State Convention
put Its candidates into the field first It
can be readily seen that the Democrats
are playing second fiddle on a number of
important questions, and have practically
Indorsed the Republican views. Its plat
torcr. In addition, however, declares for a
tariff for revenue, against the Frye-Han
na ship subsidy bill, against the Northern
Securities Company merger, for the own
ership of public utilities, and favoring
amendments to the insterstate commerce
law.
PLANKS ON THE TARIFF.
On\the tariff question the two planks
follow: . /
Republican — We affirm our allegiance to the
principles ,of protection In necessary cases of
Industries still in their infancy or unable to
compete'with foreign productions.
Exanocratic — We arc In favor of a tariff for
revenue cnly. and are opposed to any protection
whatever of million-dollar and billion-dollar
trusts, combines and corporations, with which
the Republican party is in iniquitous alliance,
and wblebA partnership is calculated to over
throw republican institutions and subvert the
liberties of the people; and we favor placing
upon the frae list all trust-manufaptured ar
ticles of every kind.
On the Philippine question the parties'
views are as\ follows: ;
Republican — The events of the late war with
Spain carried Us Into the Philippine Islands.
SILVER QUESTION IGNORED;
feelings and win the victory. The Re
publicans, with \V. J. Furnish of Pendle
ton as their standard-bearer, on the other
hand are bringing national issues into the
campaign. They seek an indorsement
of President Roosevelt and his national
administration and the upholding of
the national Republican policies, while at
the same time promising- an efficient, busi
ness-like administration of State affairs.
The Portland Mayoralty compalgn has
taken on an added Interest for the reason
that ex-Attorney General George H. Wil
liams is the regular Republican candidate
He consented against his wishes to make
the canvass, with the primary object of
healing the Republican dissensions caused
by the fight against Senator Simon In the
primaries. The venerable statesman ,1s
doing valiant work in the campaign and
Is taking a broad -stand that he is not
the candidate of either faction, but a Re
publican, interested in the success of the
whole Republican ticket. He has sprung
one of the strongest arguments of. the
campaign, that Oregon must go before
Congress as an applicant for gid for the
Lewis and Clark Centennial for 1905. and
that If the State goes Democratic it can-
IN MULTNOMAH COUNTY.
If Chamberlain wins, he has to over
come a normal Republican majority of
over 13,000 votes. To do this he counts
upon, first, his personal popularity hav
ing been elected Attorney General of- the
State in 1892 and District Attorney of
Multnomah County in 1900; second, upon
Republican disaffection in and
Multnomah counties. Governor Geer
whose home is in Marlon, was : turned
uown fcr the renomination for Governor
and the Chamberlain supporters believe
that the Geer Republicans in Marion will
.do some knifing at the polls. Governor
Oeer. however, has announced himself as
a candidate for the United States Senate,
and his interests will be furthered by con
tributing to Republican success in his
county. In Multnomah County, Chamber-
Iain has made a good record as District
Attorney, and the fact that there is a
fusion ticket in the field will cause him to
poll more than his regular party vote.
The Simon Republicans, having been de
feated at the primaries on the- issue of
the return of Senator Simon to the United
States Senate, have allied themselves
with the Democrats and put out a "Citi
zens" " ticket, with the offices equally' di
vided . between Simon Republicans and
Democrats. By this they hope to carry
the county not only for their local and
county offices, but also for Chamberlain
and the Democratic State ticket. Mult
nomah County, however,' gives a normal
Republican majority of. about 6000 votes,
and while the results of the local election
will be mixed, the regular party leaders
are confident that Mr. furnish will carry
the county by at least 2500 votes. This
majority will assure his election.' The
nomination of the Pendleton banker was
popular in Eastern Oregon, and the chair
man of the State. Central Committee,: W.
F. Matthews of Portland, 5 is confident
that the losses of Mr. Furnish In. Mult
nomah County and the Willamette Valley
will bo neutralized by his gains in the
Eastern Oregon . counties. . . . " • ¦
POKTHA.in> MAYORALTY FIGHT.
our territory, the people are entitled to the
tra'de privileges that are - granted any of our
territories, .and any legislation that restricts
that privilege Is odious to the American spirit
and disgraceful to American Government. We
believe that the true policy is to prepare . the
people of those inlands for self-government as
speedily as possible, and when 60 prepared to
grant them their Independence, retaining such
coaling stations and ports as may be necessary
to protect those islands from foreign Interfer
ence, and to maintain our trade relations In
the Orient. '. •¦.--.
George E. ; Chamberlain, Democratic
nominee for. Governor, was born near
Natchez,. Miss., January .1, 1834. He was
graduated from Washington and Lee-Uni
versity in 1876. .In the fall of the same
year he. came to Oregon and began the
practice of law. In 18S0 he was elected to
the Legislature as., a Democrat from Lfnn
County ; In - 1884 Prosecuting Attorney for
tlic. Third- Judicial District; in May, 1891,
he -was appointed to fill a vacancy as At
torney General;; and • was elected to ' the
same position In 1892. He came to Port
land in '1895,' and in 1900 was elected Dis
trict Attqrney . of . Multnomah . • County
•which office he now holds. He is a thirty
second degree Mason, an Odd Fellow an
Elk and a K.' of P." r- " -
W. J. Furnish, candidate for Governor
on the Republican ¦ ticket, was. born «n
Mitsouri in August, 1862. His family came
to Oregon when he was three years old
His early boyhood was spent on a farm*
near Pendle ton. He made his way as a
fitcck raiser, and his first entry into poli
tics as a Democrat, being appointed den
uty United States marshal, and later win
ning an election as Sheriff of Umatilla
County. .; . In 1896 he ; left the Democratic
party on the silver question, and has since
been I a strong advocate of Republican
principles. In. 1900 he was elected Presi
cTential Elector, on the Republican ticket
He has made a success in business life
and is 'president of the Pendleton Savings
CAREERS OF THE LEADERS
not expect and will get little favor from
/a Republican Congress.
i Judge Williams has had a busy, and dis
tinguished career. He was born In New
York in 1823,; and soon after being admit
ted to. the bar he emigrated to Iowa and
was elected Judge of the 'First Judicial
District of that State in 1847. . In 1852 he
was a Presidential Elector. In 1853 Presi
dent Pierce appointed him Chief Justice
of the Territory of Oregon. He was a
member of the constitutional convention
and was elected United States Senator In
1864. In 1871 President Grant made him
Attorney General, and In 1874 he was nom
inated to be Chief Justice of the Supreme
Court, 1 but was not conllrmed. He served
on the commission that framed the treaty
with England and settled the Alabama
claims.' Since his retirement as Attorney
General Judge Williams has practiced law
here. His opponent is ex-State Senator
R. D. Inman, a prominent Democrat and
labor leader. The chances of Judge Wil
liams', election are more than even. . ' !
SAN DIEGO, May 23.— A crusade
against signs on and in front of business
houses is causing consternation among
merchants here. An old. ordinance has
been unearthed which, if enforced, will
result. in the disappearance of business
signs from almost every store in the city.
Two ¦ particularly embarrassing features
of the ordinance are those which prohibit
a sign from projecting more than a foot
beyond the face of the wall of any build
ing, and provide that no sign shall be
placed on any building higher than its
blocking course or fire- wall. The police
have set about enforcing the ordinance
and merchants Are Indignant. • .
Warring on Unsightly Signs.
PORTLAND, May^23.— That Oregon
will sound the first trumpet to the
other States of the Union by in
dorsing the Republican policies in
June, there seems to , be no
doubt. A careful canvass of the counties
of the State gives the .victory to the Re
publican candidates by at least 10,000
votes, -while more confident estimates run
the majority up to 15,000. Nevertheless,
the party leaders are facing the hardest
kind of a fight and are not neglecting any
effort that will contribute to the success
at the polls. The Republican candidates
for Congress, Representative Thomas H.
Tongue, in vhe First District, and J. N.
Williamson, in the Second District, are
safe. Upon them the Democrats are wag
ing a weak and ineffective fight, while
concentrating their efforts upon the State
ticket, and particularly upon George E.
Chamberlain of Portland, their nominee
for Governor, whom they look upon as the
Moses that! will lead them out of the
desert into the fat and plenty of State
patronage. The campaign has this nov
elty: The Democrats are making no
ardent fight on national Issues. Their
leaders are simply whooping it up for
Chamberlain on the ground of his per
sonal popularity. By such tactics they
hope to allay strong- Republican partisan
WHATCOM. Wash., May 23.— Alfred
Hamilton, alias .Alfred Hawkins, was
hanged this morning at 6 o'clock for the
murder of D. M. Woodbury at Anacortes
on September 7, 1S99. His neck was bro
ken by the fall and he was -pronounced
dead in sixteen minutes. "Hamilton main
tained his nerve to the last, saying in re
sponse to the Sheriff's question whether
he had anything to say: "No. I am here
tb die." He cursed the Sheriff when that
officer read the death warrant to him ten
minutes before the execution and rushed
up the scaffold stairs two steps at a time.
Alfred Hamilton murdered D. M. Wood
bury in Anacortes, Skagit County, on
September 7, 1899. Hamilton, who was a
fisherman, went Into Anacortes on the af
ternoon of September 6. After disposing
of his catch for more than $1000, he start
ed out to- "hold up" the town, after get
ting well under the influence of liquor.
During that night and next forenoon he
enforced his commands at the point of a
pistol. On the afternoon of September 7
the city marshal attempted to arrest him.
but Hamilton got the drop on the officer
and marched him to a neighboring build
ing. Woodbury followed and expostu
lated with Hamilton, who shot him.
One of the head men of the tribe sud
denly fell ill and claimed he had been be
witched by the boy. The other Indians
readily accepted this statement and the
youth was made a prisoner. He denied
the senseless charge, but in vain: The
medicine men led the lad to the hut where
the sick Indian lay and* held him over
yots of boiling wa^er, at the same time
betting him with clubs from which sharp
prongs projected. Under this torture the
victim fainted many time3, finally becom
injr unconscious.
The sick Indian did not seenrto recover,
and the boy, who had been revived, was
tied by the head and neck with ropes.
He was afterward placed In a hole dug
under the floor of the hut and kept with
out food and water for four days. Finally
he was missed and rumors of the outrage
reached the ears of a. party of whites.
They compelled the medicine men to re
lease the youth and' took him to Haines
Mission for treatment. It was the belief
when the Dirlgo sailed that he would die.
SEATTLE. May 23.— The steamer Dirigo,
which reached port this morning, brought
news of another strange case of Indian
superstition and cruelty In the native vil
lage of Klukwan strangely parallel to the
one recorded some months ago, when a
boy was buried alive because, as the
¦witch doctors said, he was "filled with
devils." In the late outrage the boy was
taken into. charge by the witch doctors,
oi 1 medicine_ men, who alleged that evil
spirits had taken possession of his body.
In order to rid him of the malignant in
fluence they tortured him by fiendish
methods and doubtless would have killed
the unfortunate lad had not several white
men rescued him at the point of a pistol.
Albert Hamilton Gives
His Life to the Law
at Whatcom.
Hold Indian Lad Over
Pots of Boiling
Water.
GOES CURSING
T0 HIS DEATH
Heacock to answer before the Grand Jury,
with bonds fixed at $2000. There is an
other member of the gang yet "at large,
but the secret service men expect to land
him in a day or two.
MEDICINE MEN
TOBTURE BOY
Shortly after Johnson's arrest Mr. Ha
zen discovered that the- mill and plant
for the making -of the counterfeits . was
concealed in a cave near Lynch station,
San Luis' Obispo County, and he dis
patched Secret Service Agent John Cro
nin to the spot. Cronin recovered the
plant and other evidence against the gang.
A few days ago Hazen and Moffltt round
ed up Clement Adams, a member of the
gang, whom they had been watching for
three months. Adams was prematurely
arre*sted by a policeman on the. complaint
of a saloon-keeper on whom he tried to
pass two of the bad pieces. Last Wednes
day the secret service men arrested Mace
H. , Mayes; foreman of the Wetmore
quarry in this city, for having in posses
sion 126 of the bad dollars. Mayes has
swved a six years' term in the peniten
tiary for grand larceny committed in Los
Angeles County. He was held yesterday
by United ..States Court Commissioner
. . . Johnson three weeks ago for pos
sessing counterfeit dollars. Johnson
pleaded guilty and was sentenced by
Judge de Haven to eight years' impris
onment in the penitentiary at San Quen
lin, he being an old convict.
« DANGEROUS gang of counterfeit
i\' ers was broken up when United
/A\ States • Secret Service Agent
& }\ George W. Hazen arrested Tom
.next. • ' * • • ¦ ¦
Another resolution recommended for
adoption was:
"Whereas, The taxation of public bonds brings
but little revenue to the public treasuries, but,
011 the other hand, results in a higher rate'of
Interest chargeable upon such public debts, and
consequential higher taxation drives this class
of securities outside of the State, depriving our
citizens of the opportunity to invest their sav
ings therein; therefore be it
Kesolved, By the Convention of County.Su
pervlsoi s, that we favor the adoption by the
people of Senate constitutional amendment No.
y, which exempts bonds hereafter issued from
taxation, and we urge that, the voters of
the State vote In favor of said amendment at
the election next November. •
These reports and resolutions were
adopted unanimously, and the secretary
of the "convention* was instructed to for
ward a copy of each of the resolutions to
evtry Board of Supervisors, every Board
of Trustees and Common Council and
every newspaper in the State. ; . : f
.Amendment No. 28 was fully discussed.
.It was shown that should the amendment
.become a law the results would be: It
would Increase taxation; it makes. impos
sible the securing 'of any '¦ reduction of
rates for- any puDiic. service* it perlpetu
ateh .the inefficient features or the present
Kailroad Commission; it destroys muni
cipal ownership of public utilities; it. in
terferes with local self-government; ft
places . inordinate powers in the hands of
the present Governor; it would deprive
cities and counties, of license fees now
paid by public corporations; it takes away
from local bodies ' all control of . fran
chises;-it establishes a bureaucracy; it is
antagonistic to a republican form of gov
ernment. * • . ¦• '
Threatened injunction suits against cer
tain Boards of Supervisors of the south
ern counties by parties claiming to haVe a
patent upon the use of oil on roads were
brought to the attention of the conven
tion, and a resolution, adopted pledging
the moral support of the different coun
ties of the State to the defendants, and
pledging the assistance of the various
District-Attorneys in the defense of any
Buch actions.
A committee was appointed to appear
before the next Legislature for. the pur
pese of having an amendment to the con
stitution submitted to the people which
v.ill supersede the county government act
and permit counties to legislate for them
selves as their needs require.
Resolutions were adopted tendering the
thanks of the convention tb the people of
San Mateo County and Redwood City for
the pleasant, manner in which the'dele
gates have been entertained.
•Martinez was selected as the next meet-
Ing place of - the convention.
This, morning's session was taken up
with the heanng of the' reports of the
Committees on Resolutions and Legisla
tion and Judiciary. They recommended
the aaoption of the following:
Whereas, There is a constitutional amend
ment to be submitted to tne voters of the
btate at tne next general election, known as
Abstrabiy ccnstitutionai 'amendment No. 2o,
T.hich amendment will, if adapted, deprive tne
Boards ot Supervisors of the (state of the right
to regulate tne price of service to be renaered
by ail public service corporations; will take
away the right of Boards o£ Supervisors to
contract for or .fix the price which the. county
will pay xor water or other public • service;
denies to counties the right to acquire or oper
ate water works or any other public utility, and
in other respects h> so pernicious that it is
hereby
Kesolved, By the Convention of County Su
pervisors, in convention assembled, that it is
our deliberate judgment that the public good
requires that said AEsemDly constitutional
amendment No.- 26 should be. defeated, and to
that end we urge that all voters vote against
Bald amendment at the election in November
REDWOOD CITY, May 23.— The Super
visors' Convention, which has been in ses
sion here for the past three days, com
pleted its labors this morning. Some of
ih<; visitors left tor their homes imme
diately after adjournment, but moat of
them remained to take the drive planned
for this afternoon. All spoke in highest
praise of the 'hospitality shown them by
the people of San Mateo County and Red
wood City. . ¦ ¦
Special Dispatch to The Call.
County Fathers* Select Martinez as
the Place Where Their Next \
Conference Will. Be
Held. : ¦ -'. .
Unanimcui in Denouncing
V the Proposed Blanket
: Commission.
Democratic— The inhabitants of the Philip
pines have petitioned for free trade with the
United States, and their request has been'feec
onded by the Philippine Commission, and the
sentiment* of the American- people, yet a Re
publican Congress refuses any proper relief,'
but enacts tariff laws for ; those islands more
burdensome and less defensible than the acts
of the British Parliament against which our
forefathers rebelled. The policy that makes
one. law for the- Hawaiian Islands, another for
Porto Rico, and another for the Philippines
cannot be upheld on any ground except that
of subserviency to the sugar and tobacco trusts.
Our Insular possessions are either part of our
country or are foreign territory. If part of
We hold it to be consistent with the principles
of liberty and of- our national life that the
sovereignty of" the United States should . ba
maintained in the islands under such local self
government as the people may be, or may be
come, fitted to participate in. We therefore
declare against all proposals looking to the re
tirement of the United States from the Philip
pine Islands.
State Convention Repu
diates Amendment.
No. 28
Democrats Seek to Avoid National Issues, but Voters of the
Northern State Will Give an Overwhelming Indorse
ment of the Pplicy of the Roosevelt Administration
United States Secret Service. Agent Hazen
Breaks Up Gang of Ex-Convicts Who
Were "Shoving the Queer" -in This City
SUPERVISORS
SCORE GAGE'S
PET SCHEME
OREGON STATE CAMPAIGN NEARS END
AND REPUBLICAN TRIUMPH IS CERTAIN
THREE CUNNING COUNTERFEITERS
ARE TAKEN WITH THEIR PLANT
3
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 24 1902:,
CROOKS WHO MUST ANSWER
TO CHARGES OF PASSING
COUNTERFEIT MONEY.
FIIAMnUn nYP<2 color anything any color.
UlAMUriU UJ^* K**n faji ; Never fade.
DR. PIEBCE'S REMEDIES.
There often comes a time in the strug-
gle with pulmonary disease when the
victim # lo9es heart and gives up hope.
The ambition to be up and'around givet
way before growing weakness, and the
sufferer keeps to the bed.
No one who suffers. from lung disease
should lose heart or give up hope while
there is a possibility of cure. In many
cases Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical Dis-
covery has cured lung n trouble" when
the cough was obstinate and deep seated,
with hemorrhage, emaciation, night-
sweats and general weakness. A great
many men and women are living to-day
in the full enjoyment of health and hap-
piness who had been "given up" by doc-
tors, but found a perfect and permanent
cure in the use of "Golden Medical Dis-
covery." , ¦
¦ My wife had hemorrhage of the lungs," write*
XP. A. Sanders, of Hera, Mason Co..W.Va. "She
had ten hemorrhages, and the people all around
here said she would never be well again. But
6be began to take Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical
Discovery ajid she soon began to gain strength
and flesh. After taking tea bottles she was en-
tirely well. Should you t^ink this would do you
any good to publish, just use it. and if anv one
disputes the merits of this almost omnipotent
tncdicdpe they may enclose «e!f-addres6exf enve-
lope with stamp, and I will answer, the same as
written in this letter."
Free. Dr. Pierce's Common Sense
Medical Adviser is sent free oa receipt
of stamps to pay expense of mailing only.
Send 21 one<ent stamps for the book in
paper covers, or 31 stamps for the cloth-
bound volume. Address Dr. XV.
Pierce, 'Buffalo, N. Y.
Good Old Grandma's Advice
The children are sick — send for grandma! Who is there like her
f^r wisdom and gentleness and sympathy, since the first baby came?
What would we have done without her?
j*j0™ " ' '»w i . "Cascarets are splendid, ray old mother praises them vety
: 1^ highly, and saya nne would never be without thera."
' »^J^» > ~ Howard W. Wollman, 139 Tremont Street, Fairmount, Ohio.
Bf±i. "I suffered seren years with tape-worm but didn't know
nvo^Sssi'^ "\.«\\\.I\ I bad one. Two months ago I w»a taken with Inflammation of
£r\*i — — — v 1 **¦• bowels, sour stomach, sick headache. I tried CaseareU
If \^sv^^ JS~- !«¦ " and had not taken them a week before I was relieved of a
I >T>K'fe33*!is!8 A ¦ tape-,worm 18 feet lone. I am very much better."
1 ' —Mrs. John Ston«. Put-In-Bay Island, Ohio.
*^O S!j-'*"Rs^ 9 Mffl ' "After talcing Cascarets for a few nichtu before •wrlttnz.
¦ *'¦ " /ifl* ~"' ™ .A^ MSSi * ¦""'• »bl»to pass a tape-worm 2i feet in length. Cascarets
-.'•¦. ( / rV-J*!r $&Tfh naT0 our rralse, and I will willingly furnish a, testimonial
V^j -§Hv. ,7/6$?^ to anyone who desires it."— Mrs. ITarry Wood, Kenneth, Ind.
¦ YoT^v^ //Ji^ "I was troubled for a lonx time with Mrer complaint and
\i*"» .>- j^f/ JV& ' was in such misery that I had to give np work. I took but
- I . fS /i^raiK. four doses of C^scarets before I wan able to go to work again."
• —iirs. Jos. Kresling. 1921 Congress St.. St. Louis.
••¦.-.. ' "A year ago I was a ereat suf «rer from piles and
./"V.. ]RtO^%£&f'''5s5* >^ could get no rest day or night. 1 took Cascarets
/^vJ^V^- JtRKtmT ¦ tTv~:. •' . > and aftor three days was very much better. lean
y. _/**¦ J^ iT^ijlr ' ' ' i - '' never thank yon enough for th« .relief Case art ti
'¦ I * V.f/» \*j*)W/ • have given me." \
'/ '—^V\ s^ (gfrg^C /7^^ —Mrs. Mary E. Stswart. Pleasonton, Icwa.
f " *~S .*^n * • ' ?T*^j -fn *Jl "' had suffered with sick headat*ha for many
I v/ Vl>^ j 'C.ni'iJijT M years, and with indigestion and constipation from
I *p . )¦•' l! ' ' i la time to time. Since using Qascarett 1 am free frost
¦^^.jK ' , , ¦ j If^v these ailments and recommend Cascarets to all
.~*~* . 1 ' sufferers." — Mr*. Delia Kerns, professional nurse.
.. • . TV ' K8 West 38th Street, New York.
The wisdom of years of experience with her own health, and
grandpa's and the children's, and .the children's children has taught
grandma what is good for her and the; several generations • of "family
she has looked after. Grandma of today knows and advises that
Cascarets Candy Cathartic are the only perfect family medicine for
air bowel troubles, children's diseases, diseases of the stomach and
liver 1 , sick headaches, biliousness and bad blood.
/Rr\*/\Tl ntrv 2 est /or the Bowels. All druggists, xoc.asc, 50c. Never sold In bulk,
l.lA'ACAAJLUAJaJ Genuine tablet stamped C C C. Guaranteed to cure or your money
wfyywnn>»g back. Sample and booklet free. Address \ SJ»
- - Sterling Remedy Co., Chicago or New York.
Emma Doty of Red Buttes, Wyo..
saved by Palne's Celery Compound from
fatal kidney disease, writes as follow*:
"I had a terrible pain in my side Owing to
kidney troubles. I could hardly lie down;
but that trouble has all left me through
the use of Paine's Celery Compound. Last
spring I had mountain fever and was sick
a long time; since taking Paine's . Celery
Compound I am strong. I feel very grate-
ful for your medicine. I am glad to say
anything that would encourage people to
use it."
It addition to all this, Pairie's Celery
Compound will establish nerve. force, and
new nerve fiber; it will nourish the weak-
ened system and restore the full vital
functions of the kidneys. t -
If you value life, delay not the use of
Paine's Celery Compound a single hour.
Your present critical condition demands
the immediate use of this great life saver.
Palne's Celery Compound will accom-
plish • more for you In your dis-
tress than you can imagine. Its first great
vital undertaking is the purification of the
life stream from waste matter, the result
of decomposition of the tissues. It will
remove all morbid materials, saving you
from uraemic poisoning, which so often
proves fatal in kidney disease.
You may perchance ask, "What will
Palne's .Celery Compound do for me, that
other medicines have failed to accom-
plish?" vi. \
If you are a victim of/ kidney disease,
take courage, dear sufferer. There is a
mighty saving agent that you have not
yet called to your aid; it is Faine's Celery
Compound. This grand medical prescrip-
tion has conquered as desperate cases as
yours; It has power to pluck, you as a
brand from the burning, if you have but
the faith' to give it a trial.
Thousands of people suffer through a
living: death from some form of kidney
disease. In the majority of cases the poor
sufferers have been informed by physi-
cians that there is no hope.
ritis and Albuminuria.
The Great Medicine Cures
Bright's Disease, Diabetes, Neph-
Paine 5 s Celery
Compound
May Heaven Help Despondent
and Hopeless Sufferers
From Kidney Disease to
Accept the New Life
Offered by
PAINE'S CELERY T COMPOUND.
fl/v/T /- S — ¦. w 1 r I »
i 1 j V£«HJBfl^S *^Lir IV*. \ 1 / / •*
A LESSON IN
LAUNDRY WORK
we give to our help, and teach them the
necessity of care In the laundering: of fine
linen, that goes a great way In preserving
the fabrics sent -here for renovation. Any-
thing coming from the United States
Laundry will always be found in perfect
condition and beautiful in both color and
finish. No saw edges.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY ASS'N.
Office 1OO4- Market Street.
Telephone— South 42O.
Oakland Office— 54 San Pablo Avd,
6CH0BRHOA 1KD VKOHXT DI30IAS3H
«£r 1 V JPffiS^!^®^ Hi /
CSV i ' j Kl En *^ w99k mSL >. #
A CURE IN 43 HOURS,
jog CHICHCSTKIT8 KftaUlH .
I W jf n»mp* for ParttaaUrm. TwtfaaaUla
-Xj_iP" *«*« Matt. !«,•«• TMtamta^ W«T?
iniT|{T"**Whi Jfl " m « d 7 ** Gonorrhea*.
*rJ8x&rZ7, 9r **vntl £]"**• Sp«rm*torra<B*.
jBsSr CURES Whitac, unnatural diP
AfiftOTIa lut «*?¦. iJ oharge*, or aar inJlaaimfc-
tfgnT Q«»™»««* *• m u ? n « irritation or alcer*-
|v M rnrtai mu|iii tlon of aneom ass*
<5jWSgft»*_-*^T| *l.0O. or 3 bottlca. »2.TJ.
5 Circular sent oa rsqaert.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Malta!
on. Application.
COAL, COKE AND PXO IRON.
Jr WIT CAV * Cft 000 Battery street.
• L« nlLoUil tt til*. Telephone Main 1S«4.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
IAS RftVPC * TO 'Shipping Butchers. 10*
JA5- DV I E5 tt WU Clay. Tel. Main 1294.
OILS.
LUBRICATING OILS. LEONARD ft ELLIS,
418 Front at.. S. F. Phone Main 1719. .
'-¦'.; ¦'¦ ¦:¦'¦'¦ : ¦'> pRiNTiNo.
£.C BU6HE5, , M iBa p n^T^:^r.
* ~ PRINTERS. BOOKBINDERS..
THE HICK3-JUDD CO.',- - ••• - -.-
23 First street. Saa TraaetseowSCENES IN THE VICINITY OF THE CROWS NEST COAL. COMPANY'S '
MINES NEAR FERNIE, Bi/C. f . WHERE AN EXPLOSION HAS COST
THE LIVES OF MORE THAN 100 MEN.
¦' m A i ?V on 'A. robe has two rows of ermine,
that' of a Vi3count two and a half rows.
an -£.arl s has three rows, a Marquis*
three and a" half and" « Duke's robe four
complete rows. •• • •
South Germany's oldest monastery, the
Benedictine abbey of Wessobrun, has been
restored to the Benedictine order by
Baron von : Cramer-Klett, a .Protestant,
and will soon - be . reoccupied by J monks.
Tho Baron bought all the lands? and re
maining buildings of the old abbey from
the Bavarian state for 900.000 marks, and
sold them to the Benedictines tor a nom
inal sum. • - , - V
P u ?h and D °y Ies Hall. In Menlo Park
was the scene or the senior "smoker" to
f e nfn?To^«Va^r.iSi
fin' ssa.'niiTauj?' s£S«E
ety. All of the old college sones were
To-morrow will be class day 'and with It
tory and the class will, the > lavln> of th«
1902 plate in the quadrangle ?and the senior
nn Ce &, ln , Encina KaI1 ln "he ¦ evSg
On Sunday forenoon the bacciia.ur*-*?*
sermon will be delivered In theas^emby
gn fan^co^n^e^an^eSt^ofSh 0 !
President and Mrs. Jordan held their an
nual reception to the graduating class In
Roble Hail this afternoon and the parlora
of the girls dormitory never appeared
m ° re . beautiful. Potted palms, slender
stalks of bamboo, sprays of pepper trees
and cut flowers in profusion were taste
fully arraged. Vice President and Mrs
Branner received with President and Mrs"
Jordan and were assisted by the Mlq<t»<>
Clara Stillman 1901, Minna Stiliman 1901
Mary Oilman 1903, Ethel Traphagen IMS
Alice Joiner 1903, Elizabeth Peckham 1903*
Sue Porter 1905, Jean Henry 1905 k^
was supplied bjr a San Francisco or™S
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, May 23.-'
The quadrangle presented a strangely de
serted appearance to-day after the
busy days of final examination that hSl
just passed. The undergraduates are de
parting on every train, only the senior
? m K ini " s 5° get thelr degrees and a few
ot the "undergrads" to enjoy the festivi
ties of senior week. Many of the alumni
are expected to arrive between now 2nd
Tuesday, when the alumni meeting will
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Deserted.
. 1 1
Classmen Leap-e for Home and
Stanford Campus Appears
-Consul General Mason at Berlin informs
the State Department that a Berlin news
paper publishes a telegram from Munich
concerning the results of the experiments
of the royal railway administration with
American locomotives. "The difference
between the American locomotives (which
SSfi.?? 1 ?^ T £ C ?£ ni ?? a *>y their unearthly"
whittle) and the German engines," says
fn«f r » e iP 0 . rt iv c °n sIs ts principally In the
fa ?t that they have on each side three
cylinders placed vertically one above the
other and . cast in one piece with the
valves chests and saddle. In other re
spects the American machines are char-
t ot d SS 1 £ 1 ?. htly from "¦" «
¦BimJ 1 "^&* ne * ra l MMOn says that the re
sults of the tests and observations has
been entirely satisfactory. He add* that
e ;. al director has secured the pa*
?*?« i AmerIc an Bauclaln and an
according to that system, with certain
modifications^ These machines are naw
In process of construction. andMt will de
pend upon their efficiency and durability
whether the system shall be further util
ized. The cost of the. Bavarian locomo
tive is nearly $6000 greater than thit of
the -American.— Washington Star. ,
"I have been informed," says the Con
sul General, "that after the American
locomotives had been erected the control
ling forces of the roadmaster's deport
ment objected to their use because of the
fact that the weight was unevenly dis
tributed over the various sets cf wheel3
It was thereupon concluded to make such
changes In the mechanism as would even
ly distribute the weight to the satisfac
tion of the roadmasters. This has now
been done and the machines arp in par
tial commission. While they are thus in
deed, American locomotives, it does not
appear that they are absolutely of the
type commonly .manufactured in the
Unltea States. > v
American locomotives in their prelim
inary trials 'between Miramas and Aries,
France, have maintained a speed of 71.45
miles an hour, according to a report re
ceived at the State Department from
Consul General Skinner at Marseilles, un
der date of November, 6. Moreover, Mr.
Skinner reports that the speed at certain
moments reached as much as 77.67 "ami
80.77 miles an hour over an especially &ood
portion of the track, and that the results
of the trials as regards regularity of
speed and general stability were most
satisfactory. .
Germany Show Their
Superiority.
Tests Recently Made in France and
AMERICAN LOCOMOTIVES
IN HIGH FAVOR ABROAD
Dr. and Mrs. Jordan Give
Reception to j the
Students.
York by land: to "Valentla, Ireland, by
cable; to Brighton, England, by cable "and
land; to Havre, France, by cable; to Mar
seilles by land; to Alexandria. Egypt, by
cable; to Suez, Egypti by land; to Aden,
Arabia, by cable; to Bombay, India, by
cable; to Madras by land; to Singapore.
Malayan peninsula, by, cable: to Saigon,
Cochin China, by cable; to Hongkong by
cable; to Manila, Pnllippine Islands, by
cable. The total distance is approximate
ly fourteen thousand miles.
CHEERING WORDS
AT THE PARTING
NANAIMO, B. C, May 2.3.—Imme
diately upon receipt of the news of the
Fernie mine disaster Mayor Manson of
this tow", which has a population of
about 1000 coal miners, authorized the
taking of subscriptions at the gates
leading to the grounds where a celebra
tion is being held. The amount will be
devoted to alleviating the suffering at
Fernie.
It is estimated that the company has
in its lands a coal deposit of 22,000,000,
000 tons.
Since that Jhe British Columbia
Southern Railway has been constrtct
ed as a feeder to the Great Northern.
Enormous coke ovens have been built
and Fernie itself, has sprung from a
hamlet to one of. the most promising
cities in Canada. The output of the
company's mines is . almost daily in
creasing, while the superior coking
qualities of the coal make it desirable,
for the finest steam purposes. ¦ -,
For a time the company was threat
ened with extinction by the Central
Pacific Railway, but mainly through
Fernie's efforts, who hung on to his
holdings when others weakened, the
co-operation of Senator Cox. Robert
Jaffray, Silas Rogers, Colonel Pellatt
and other influential capitalists, includ
ing James J. Hill, was enlisted, and the
future of the company was assured.
FEBNIE BECOMES A CITY.
¦ The Crows Nest Coal Company, pro
prietors of the Fernie mines, is the out
grpwth of the enterprise of a syndicate
of Victorians. In 1886 William Fernie,
who resides here, learning that the Galt :
Company had applied for a charter
through the Crows Nest Pass, interest
ed a number of other gentlemen, who
put an exploring party in* the field with
Fernie at its head. One week after tak
ing the field, in 1887, the party found
the . first seam on Martin Creek.
Ledge after ledge were discovered
the year following.
the face "on the other side of Coal
Creek, is No. 3. No. 2 is worked (as
far as ventilation is concerned) in con
nection with No. 3, the same fan being
the motive power for ventilation in
both mines.
OWNED BY VICTOBIANS.
Opposite No. i tunnel, and entering
A meeting of the Board, of Trade has
been called to organize a relief fund for
the sufferers.
MINES F00RI/T EXCAVATED.
The mines are six miles from Fernie.
Three seams are being worked, and in
the initial stages of development, the
Government officials say, - the manage
ment took great risks, their workings
being irregular and made to hurry the
production, as the demand was in ad
vance of development. Nos. 2 and 3
mines are connected, and the Insoector
of Mines pointed out in his reports that
an explosion in the one would be apt
to affect the other. In the opinion of
the inspector a proper, use of the ven
tilating fan, which the; company has
kept constantly in use, an enlargement
of, the airways, keeping ; the brattice
close in to the face, putting in stopings
as 'required, and maintaining good dis
cipline, should result in a fair exemp
tion from danger.
'No. 1 tunnel enters the face of the
mountain on the right side of Coal
Creek._ This tunnel is " gaseous,, the
miners operate with safety lamps, and
the mine being ventilated by the sep
arate split system, by a Chandler fan
and in other ways. The mine is dry,
but not dusty, and the coal is brought
out by electric motors.
The town is ' terror-stricken, and
heartrending scenes meet the eye on
every side. All day . the trains to the
mine have been crowded by. anxious
friends and relatives of the imprisoned
men hurryirfg to the scene of the dis
aster. :'"" • -••.;•'• . •
days will elapse before. all are recov
ered; ' ' . ' : # '
The mine is free from fire and the
bodies will be removed as. fast as the
afterdamp is cleared away.. The rescu
ing parties are working four-hour shifts
and. the company is doing all in its
power to assist in the work. General
Superintendent Stockette • and Superin
tendant* Drennan have been on the
scene ever since the disaster occurred
and are working heroically.
Call for Succor Is at Once Sent to Fernie
and Relief Parties Rush to the
'':¦¦ Scene of Disaster. I
Dread Signal That Flashes the Awful News
of Slaughter to the Workers
L Outside the Mines.
COAL DUST AND FIRE
LEAP IN A CLOUD ONE
THOUSAND FEET HIGH
TERRIFIC EXPLOSION DEALS OP DEATH TO M OR E TH A N O NE H U N D RED M IN E RS
IN THE COLLIERIES OF THE CROWS NEST COMPANY IN BRITISH COLUMBIA
SANTA ROSA, May 2.3.— Paul Anderson, who
was arrested on Thursday on complaint of his
wife, charged with assault with a deadly wea
pon, was sentenced this morning- to serve I six
months in tfie County Jail. ....
Old Cable Way to Manila Too Lous-.
. Direct cable connections to the PhiliD
pnes.wiir be hailed with satisfaction by
all Americans, says the . Anaconda Stan
dard. At present the route over which
cable messages from Washington to Ma
nila must travel is as follows: To New
¦ f VACAVILLE, May 23.-The large barn
and warehouse of Dr. W. J. Dobbins was
burned to-night' The loss is $5000. Seven
horses, farming implements . . and about
loOO fruit trays were destroyed.
Blaze at Vacaville.
The Senate also confirmed all the nom
inations of first lieutenants of artillery
made by the President to-day. •
Gordon Paddock of New York, secretary
of legation, to be Consul . General at
Seoul, Korea; Julius Jacobs, Assistant
Treasurer at San Francisco.
WASHINGTON, May 23.-Conflrmatlons
by the Senate: Colonels to be brigadier
generals— Abraham A. Harbach, First In
fantry; William F. Spurgeon, Fourth In
fantry. ¦ . ~" . - ¦ ...
Confirmed by the Senate.
SACRAMENTO, May 23.— A number of
carpenters arrived this evening, from San
Francisco to take the places of the men
now on strike, owing to trouble with the
Subcontractors' Association. _ It is be
lieved that many ; of the carpenters -have
been induced , by union men . who met
them at the depot not to go to work.
Won Over by Union Men.
The Daily News\claims the Boer de
mands are as follows: First— Either an
Immediate grant of self-government, or
failing that, to fix a date for the establish
ment of self-gorernment. • Second — In case
self-government be deferred, that the
Boers should be entitled to advise with
their temporary rulers. Third— Amnesty
for the rebels. Fourth— Permission to re
tain their rifles for defense against the
natives. Fifth— Permission to retain their
saddle horses. Sixth— A guarantee- that
the natives should not be treated upon art
equality with white men. Seventh— That
no limit shall be placed upon the money
for rebuilding and restocking the farms.
The Daily News is jot the opinion that
with the exception of the matters of self-
It is understood that the Boer demand
for independence has now been completely
abandoned, but that certain points con
cerning amnesty, compensation and repre
sentative government were submitted to
the Cabinet, together with minor matters,
and that at the meeting of the Cabinet
committee the Government replies to these
points was decided, and that this reply
was cabled to Pretoria.
LONDON, May 24.— After the Cabinet
meeting ended a meeting of the inner
committee of the Cabinet was held. After
this meeting Chamberlain, the Colonial
Secretary, proceeded to Buckingham Pal
ace, where he had an audience with King
Edward. Chamberlain returned to Buck
ingham Palace a second time in the even-
Ing. Lord Salisbury has gone to Hatneld
House and the other Ministers have dis
persed.
Conditions for Peace.
London Paper Publishes Iiist of the
DEMANDS BY BOERS.
"As soon as the work in the Ninth
Ward is accepted -I will be prepared to
show that the padding- that, now is ap
parent has been performed systematically
John Stedman, the Census Marshal,
who is responsible for the recent enu
mcratlpn, regards the -supplemental work
as a complete vindication of the totals
turned In by himself and deputies. Sted
man says he is preparing . a detailed
statement, with which he will enlighten
the public 1 in a few days. He is con
vinced, he aajrs, that the census has been
padded for. not less' than six years past;
and he estimates- the total number of
children's names reported, thoughnot'in
existence, at close to 8000. ; ' ¦' .-
As the falling off in the number of
scholars meant a corresponding decrease
in the amount of public school moneys
apportioned to Los Angeles, a recount
was ordered. It has just been finished
and the'totals announced, agree substan
tially with the count made three- weeks
ago, supplying what is claimed, to be con
clusive evidence that the rolls of the cen
sus for the last six years have been
padded. By this means, it is asserted,
Los Angeles has received in I the aggre
gate $200,000 more than it was. entitled j to
from- the State for, the support of -city
schools, in one ward, the Fourth, there
is a difference of 2000 names between last
year's and this year's returns. .'
LOS ANGELES, May 23.— By a recount
of the, school children of Los Angeles a
falling off of G000 names from last year's
figures is disclosed. Three weeks ago
the census was taken and the total then
given showed such a wide discrepancy be
tween the years 1901 and 1902 that great
surprise was expressed by th'e Superin-"
tendent of Schools and the Census Mar
shal was criticized.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The transfer includes 'the hotel ware
houses, cottages and all holdings of the
Newport Wharf and Lumber Company at
the beach, covering the 880 acres of land
of the resort, which Is protected by a
United States patent. Men and teams
will be put at work at once grading the
streets of the town, new cottages will be
erected and a gas and electric plant and
water works are among the improvements
contemplated. .
SANTA ANA, May 23.— One of the most
Important real estate deals In the history
of Orange County was consummated to
day when Newport Beach, the foremost
seaside resort of this section, passed from
the hands of the Newport .Wharf and
Lumber Company to a syndicate of Los
Angeles, San Francisco, New York and
Riverside capitalists, who will take im
mediate possession of the 'property and
expend large sums in its further develop
ment. .
Once Improve the Seaside •
Resort.
Corporation* Purchases and Will at
NEWPORT BEACH PASSES
INTO SYNDICATE'S HANDS
Entitled.
Southern City Collects Two Hundred
. Thousand Dollars in Excess
of Sum to Which It Is
TEEMS AEE LIBERAL.
A member of the House of Commons,
who is in close touch with the-Govern
tacr.t, eaid that he believed everything
These surmises probably contain an ele
ment of truth, but neither can in any way
affect ,the widespread belief in the best-
Informed cuarters that the end of the
war has come. In fact, those persons
who are best acquainted with the actual
details of the present negotiations only
qualify this optimistic expression of opin
ion by guarded reservations concerning
the extent of the personal control of the
Beer leaders over their commands. Were
the Boers a thoroughly disciplined force,
dependent upon the action of their gen
eral officers, peace would probably be
proclaimed to-night; ..but Botha, Dewet
and the other generals seem themselves
unable to positively guarantee the degree
to which their example will be followed.
The delegates at Vereeniging, according
to information in possession of the War
Office are fairly evenly divided. Conse
quently extreme precautions are exerted
both in London and Pretoria to prevent
any premature action or report which
might adverselj' influence the burghers.
The most pessimistic forecast heard to
night only admits that a few isolated
bands of irreconcilables may be left in
the field.
CEKTAINTY OF PEACE.
Information as to what transpired ' at
tc-day's meeting of the Cabinet is closely
guarded, but It is not likely that the Cab
inet transactions were of vital import.
The eurmise of one well-informed person
places the sum total of the deliberations
of the Cabinet Ministers at a decision re
garding- points. of the peace agreement of
entirely minor importance. Another sur
mise Is that the Cabinet has merely sent
rather a meek ultimatum to South Africa,
Mhich can be used by the Boer leaders in
explanation to their forces.
Private and official advices received to
night in London from South Africa all
point to . the same conclusion. The delay
is technical, and to end the long war
seems to be the desire of both British
and Boer leaders. ThQ latter, however,
are unable to convince all their followers
of the vrlsdom of acquiescing to the terms
of peace. ¦
LONDON, May 23.— There is every rea
son to believe that peace in South Africa
Is practically secured. How soon It, will
be announced depends, apparently, more
upon the convenience of the Boer leaders
than upon the Inclination of the British
Government.
Figures Show That Fictitious
Names' Swelled the
Former Lists.
Recount of Los Angeles
School Children
Shows Fraud.
South African Dispatches In
timate That the War
Is Over.
Free Staters' Held Out for Independ-
PRETORIA, Transvaal. Thursday, May
22.— The Boer delegates came to 'Pretoria
as the result of a complete deadlock at
Vereeniging, where the Free Staters held
out for independence, and the majority
of the Transva'alers, though anxious for
peace, refused to abandon their allies. It
was at first thought that the delegates
would merely report a. refusal to accept
the British terms. Everybody expected
them to depart immediately and that hos
tilities would actively recommence. To
the general surprise, however, the dple
gates are still here, and the hopefulness
of to-day is the outcome of the general
conviction that some arrangement is peVid
ing which may solve the difficulty at
\ereenigine.
enc?, but May Agree.
DEADLOCK THE RESXJXT.
Crowds Gather in Lon
don Seeking a Peace
Bulletin.
CHEAT STATE
BY PADDING
THE CENSUS
One of those who declined to sign the
agreement was James Friel, proprietor of
the.Oberon saloon on J street, between
Seventh and Eighth. He said to Myrick
that If ¦ Shearer, could be ; allowed to run
machines in this city he did not see why
he could pot put back the machines which
had been suppressed several months ago
and claim all the profits himself.
"Well," replied Myrick, "half a'loaf is
better than no bread, isn't it?"
Others who declined to sign the agree
ment are W.' H. Hanlon, Miller & Buergi
and Kuchler & Stussey. , -
It is probable that the Grand Jury will
probe the scandal and endeavor to ascer
tain- the. particulars of the arrangement
by which Shearer intends to start up ma
chines. • ••..'. --..-¦
It is claimed that the contract* cover a
period corresponding to the remainder of
Clark's term as Mayor.
SACRAMENTO, May 23.— An aroused
public; sentiment forced the suppression
cf the nickel-in-the-slot gambling ma
chines several months ago. About two
weeks ago, Charles B. Shearer, who con
trols a large number of slot machines in
Oakland, came to Sacramento, and at
once rumors gained circulation that he
had made overtures to the local adminis
tration for the reinstatement of machines
which, he owned or controlled. Almost
simultaneously with Shearer's . advent
more than sixty slot machines were re
ceived a^ the freight depot. They were
claimed by Shearer and stored in a Front
street warehouse, where they have since
The. Bee this afternoon exposed the
scheme by which Shearer hopes, evidently
with the cognizance if not the consent of
Mayor Clark'sadministratlon, to start all
the machines running in the saloons • of
Sacramento. For several days past he
has had an agent, Fred Myrick, call upon
the saloonkeepers to obtain their signa
tures to an agreement-, signed also by
Shearer, by which the latter contracts to
place the machines in the saloons, stand
all the expense of litigation and pay all
lines that may • arise from their posses
sion, with the understanding that he shall
collect allthe money from the machines
and- divide the profits with the saloon
keepers.- : -' \ ¦ ¦;¦: .- •
tected" Gambling Devices
. in Sacramento.
Agent Promises to Install "Pro-
NICKEL MACHINES HOLD
GERMS OF A SCANDAL
each year," he said. "Whether or not the
work was done upon instruction from
anybody I am not prepared to say."
'let the men clear the' afterdamp.'} .
: Among those who escaped from No.
3 were : 0. Burrows, James Baker, P.
McNeill, C. Dunlop. A. Farquharson.
James Carr, James Dobie, t John Sharp,
P. Monahan, H. Salter and a number
of foreigners.
: Many acts of bravery were witnessed
during the night. The heroic work of
True Weatherbj', who time and again
entered the pit where men were falling
all around him, was particularly : no
ticeable. So far only ten bodies have
been taken from the mine, and several
government, the retention, of saddle
horses and the right to advise with their
rulers, the answers to these demands will
generally be of acquiescence.
The Times believes that there is good
reason to hope the negotiations will re
sult in the surrender of the Boers, ". al
though it would be premature, says the
paper, to assume an immediate agreement
on all the chief points within sight. The
fact that the Free State delegates have
been committed to a discussion of the
terms, from which all question of inde
pendence has been excluded, marks a
great advance, because the men who real
ize that they are not .fighting for inde
pendence will soon ask what they are
fighting for.
Brodrick then proceeded to reiterate
the oft-declared intention of the Govern
ment'not to be drawn into any compro
mise which would Jeopardize future peace
in Houthi Africa.
A dispatch to the Standard from Pre
toria dated Thursday, May 22, says that
up to the previous Sunday the discussions
among' the members of the peace confer
ence at Vereeniging were heated. On
Sunday calmer counsel prevailed, and cer
tain points were suggested by the Orange
Free State representatives themselves as
offering a prospect of , agreement. The
deputation consequently proceeded to
Pretoria, and it is believed that a definite
agreement has been drafted, and that this
agreement has been signed. . Much has
been due, says :the dispatch, to the pa
tience and tact of Lord Kitchener and to
the full facilities given to the delegates
for discussion.
was settled . and &at the British terms
would be found unexpectedly liberal. The
British public Is still quite ignorant of the
course of events In South Africa and
tnere are no demonstrations to-night on
the London streets, although on all sides
the question asked is, "Is it peace?"
On the other hand the stock exchange
throughout the day was a/ seething mass
of brokers, who eagerly bought South
African shares, while long after the clos
ing of the exchange nearly a thousand
brokers crowded Throgmorton street and
did a frantic curb business on the
strength of the peace outlook.
The appearance of Brodrick, the Seeie
tary of State for War, at the Volunteer
Service dinner to-night was watched
eagerly in the hope of gaining an Inkling
of the Government's private frame of
mind. But Brodrick's l'steners had to be
content with one brief and adroitly
turned reference to the present situation.
Responding to the toast, "The Imperial
Forces." the War Secretary said:
"I would go beyond my duty should I
enter into details of the communications
which are new pending and which pre
cede, as we all hope, the surrender of the
Boers."
caped.
The first intimation of the disaster
which those on the outside received
was a rush of coal dust and fire to the
height of more than jooo feet above the
fan. Word was immediately sent to Fer
nie, five miles from the mine, and
within two minutes from the time of the
accident occurred relief parties were at'
wo^k.
R. . Drennan, Dr. Bonnell and
True Weatherly were the first to enter
the mine. When about 500 feet into the
working Drennan was overcome by
afterdamp and, had it not been for his
companions, would have perished. On
being removed to the outer air he re
covered and gave instructions " to the
rescuing party to commence repairing
the overcasts. The overcasts are the
pipes which connect the air through the
mine, and they had been almost com
pletely destroyed, rendering it im
possible to enter, owing to the after
damp.
HEBOISM OF THE RESCUERS.
Volunteers were called for and a score
of brave men sprang to the work. For
nearly six hours this policy was pur
sued with tireless energy. Every few
minutes the men would collapse and be
borne to the outer air 'and their place?
quickly filled by new; volunteers.
The first body recovered was taken
from No. 3 mine about ir o'clock and
was that of William Robertson, a lad
of 13 years. Several hours elapsed and
then three more bodies were recovered.
None of the victims gave the slightest
signs of life and their remains were re
moved to the washout. At 4 o'clock
this morning relief parties had pene
trated so far that the gas became un
bearable and operations had to be sus
pended for an hour or two in order to
EAGER BRITONS
AWAIT THE NEWS
Not a man of more than 100 em
ployed in No. 2 escaped. From No, 3
workings about twenty-one men cs-
The explosion took place in No. 2
shaft of the mine, being repeated in a
few seconds in No. 3. with which it was
connected. The two shafts are situated
in Coal Creek, about six miles from
Fernie. No. 2 has always been consid
ered the more dangerous of the two, be
ing dry, dusty and gaseous.
CAUSE IS NOT KNOWN.
What caused the explosion has not
jet been definitely ascertained. One
of the mine shafts was always more or
less gaseous. It was reported in Fernie
this evening that the explosion result
ed from the use of an open lamp by a
careless miner. Another theory ac
counting for the explosion is that a
miner struck. 2 match, exploding the
gas, which was almost always present
in No. 2 shaft. The true cause of the
disaster probably will never be posi
tively ascertained, for it is doubtful if
any man who knows will ever reach the
outer air alive or be able to tell the
tale.
The explosion took place at 7:30 last
evening. The management has a list
of 133 men who are known to have been
in the mine, and there were probably
others. Of these only twenty-four are
known to be safe. It is expected that
¦ few, if any, of the remaining 109 are
alive.
VANCOUVER. B. C, May 23.—
One of the mobt terrible disasters
in the history of the frequent mine
a-ceidents in British Columbia oc
curred last night in the Crows
I>est Coal -Company's mine at Fernie,
B. C. More than ioo men are either
dead or imprisoned in the mine, and
little hope is entertained of rescuing
any who may yet be alive.
FRANK SALTER,
JOHN McLEOD,
T. FEARFUL,
THOMAS JOHNSON,
ONE UNIDENTIFIED.
STEVE MORGAN,
JOE SAUGALA,
WILLIE ROBERTSON,
VICTOR JOHNSON,
JOHN LEADBEATER,
DEAD RECOVERED FROM THE MINE.
Rescuers Work Heroically and Succeed
in Recovering the Bodies of Ten
of the Unfortunates.
Those Who Survive the Shock Fall Vic
tims to the Deadly. Gases That
Soon Fill the Workings.
DRIFTS ARE WRECKED
AND SCORES OF MEN
. CUT OFF FROM EXITS
¦--.'¦¦' ¦ ¦ . . ¦ .
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAX 24, 1902.
4VOLCANO AS IT APPEARED BEFORE THE TERRIBLE ERUPTIONS AND THE RUIN WROUGHT BY THE RAIN OF FIRE, j
- BOONEVILLK. - Mo./ May 23.^-Chas.' Reeves
alias "Spinn«r," . was . hanged here to-day r O r
the murder>of'hl» : wife February 24' last.
Twenty-five Missouri' Sheriffs attended the exe
cution. ¦•¦ ¦ •• . - : .
"With Ten Millions Capital.
ALBANY, May 23.— The American Ma
chine; and. Ordinance Company of ; New
York City ; was Incorporated to-day with
a capital of $10,000,000 to manufacture and
deal in guns, ammunition and other ord
nance ¦' ¦' ' ' ' ."." .v-'.V ¦;;¦.¦ ¦ ,-;
: ; SIMLA; India; May 23.— With" the object
of ".preventing India' from ? being - flooded
with "cartel" sugar, a " bill has been intro
duced in -the- Indian Council, empowering
the. Indian: Government, to. Impose .coun
tervailing'duty on .bountied sugar/ .until
the is Brussels ' Convention, becomes effec
tive.' Sugar, shipped: prior to May 23 will
bo : exempt. .
Shutting Out Cartel Sugar.
NEW, YORK, May 23.— Mrs. C. P. Hunt
ington"; has offered . $100,000 to the General
Memorial : Hospital . for j the treatment of
cancer and- allied diseases for patholog
ical pursuits. The announcement, of the
bffer'is made in theannual report of the
president 'of the hospital, John E. .Par
sons, r Parsons said Mrs. Huntington had
proposed' to put this sum at the disposal
of the. hospital and that if her intention
was carried out. the gift would constitutes
a "Collls.P. »Huntingon fund." . . .
Huntington Fund for a Hospital.
ROME, May k-The Vatican i 3 dis
cussing the possibility of the archdiocese
of New-York sending In the name of
Archbishop Ireland in connection with
the names of Bishop O'Donnell of Brook
lyn and Auxiliary Bishop John M. Farley
of New, Tork as -candidates from whom
the propaganda shall select a successor to
the, late Archbishop Corrigan. The belief
in 'this possibility 13 based on the idea
that the Catholics of the archdiocese are
I 1 " 1^ 0 ". 3 to have a Cardinal as the
Archbishop..- . . e
NEW^.YORK/^ay 23.-Father Lavelle
rector, of . : St. . Patrick's Cathedral, this
city, said- he had not heard any of those
in authority, here express the wish thnt
the archdiocese of New York
over by; a Cardinal. Father La tvell?sa1ri
that since, the. death of Archbishop T Corri
gan the only question considered was th«
selection- of names to be presented to the
Pope- for his action.- It was pointed nut
also that the .initiative in the creation of
a Cardinal. rests with the Vatican.
;.ST. ( PAUL. Minn., May 23.— The entire
northeastern portion of Iowa is half sub
merged I by, the recent " r heavy rains and
Immense financial losses' have been sus
tained.
Jesse A." Gregg of St. Paul has returned
from the. inundated district, andreports
great of property. On'Wed
nesday morning over six > inches of -rain
fell in two . hours. The water formed In
the low" places until all barriers were
overflowed [ and then rushed down; the
creek beds and ravines, . pouring " a great
torrent ; into, a ; stream called - the Dry
Rock, running through Decorah and other
towns in .the vicinity. Streets became'im
passable and, owing: to the high wind, the
situation for three hours was one, of great
peril to every one. ¦- . ,
¦ As far as: Gregg could learn, only; two
lives were lost. A mother aroused by. the
encroachment of the water into the house,
.leaped from;her bed in the dark, with her
child-ln her arms, and apparently went
out doors. -The child fell Into -the water
and in the darkness, the mother was .un
able to locate:, the little, one,; who -.Was
drowned.".-. -.'-.V . '.' : '. :"; ¦-' '¦'._¦' "ry-.l -¦-.¦;
' A* large egg warehouse, located a half-
WASHINGTON. May 23.— The earth
quake reported in the Hamburg dispatch
as resulting 'in the destruction of 'the
city of Quezaltenango, Guatemala, was
identified here as that which really oc
curred, on April 18 and which has been
described. to some extent in the American
newspapers." Information received here
at the Guatemalan legation shows that
the city\was wholly destroyed and "that
San Marcos and several other towns were
partially destroyed. The Guatemalan au
thorities have decided to reconstruct : the
city of Quftzeltenango on a plan some dis
tance frora\ the : site of the original place.
Reports regarding the destruction of life
are incomplete, but they Indicate that at
least severalUhousand persons were killed
and that thA property loss approximates
$50,000,000 in. the April earthquakes. •¦¦¦¦.-
Advices received from Guatemala some
HAMBURG, May 23.— A special dispatch
to the Hamburg Boersenhalle fromjGuate
mala says that the town of Quezalten
ango has. been wholly destroyed by an
earthquake, which lasted three-quarters
of . a minute. Business is entirely sus
pended in Guatemala and a great part of
the crop there has been destroyed.
SALINAS. May 23.-Mrs. Jose Gomez
was dangerously injured by an infuriated
bull on the Gomez ranch near here yes
terday. Mrs. Gomez forgot to remove a
red apron she was wearing when she went
into the corral to milk the cows. Abult
that was in the corral caught sight of the
bated color and rushed upon her, tossing
her into the air several times before as
elstanoe reached her. Her Lniuries are
not believed to be fatal.
Woman Tossed by a Bull.
¦WASHINGTON. May 23.— The Postoffice
Department to-day announced: Postofflce
established: California— Dorrington. Cal
averas County. Washington-Bright,
Douglas County. Discontinued: Wash
ington—Sunshine. Pacific County, mall to
Nahcotta. Postmasters commissioned:
California— Robert Gardner. Dorrington
Oregon— George Howe. Van. Washington
-Mollle Agenbright Bright. Appointed!
Oregon-M. E. Cox. Gates. Marion County
vice J. L Read resigned. Washington-
Mrs. Jessie E. Nosier, Pateros. Okanogan
County, vice Charles E. Npsler, resigned
vice in Three Coast
States.
Changes Are Made in the Postal Ser-
OF INTEBEST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Editor of Epworth Era.
DALLAS. Tex.. May 23.— At to-day's
session of the M. E. Church, .South, H.
M. Dubose was elected general secretary
of the Epworth, League and editor of the
Epworth Era. P. J. BIngham of Georgia
was elected senior book agent on th<
uaannA ballot.
"WASHINGTON, May 23.— The President
has revoked the old executive order of
August 29, 1901, by which the lieutenant
general commanding the army (Genera) J
Miles) and the adjutant general (General
Corbin) In turn are to assume the duties
of Secretary of War in the absence of the
Secretary and the Assistant Secretary. .
• The President's order of revocation,
which is dated yesterday, leaves the de- ,
partment' without a head In the event, ot
the absence of the Secretary and Assist- •
ant Secretary unless such head is spe
cifically designated on each occasion. Both- :
the Secretary and Assistant Secretary
were absent to-day, but Secretary Root,
before he left this morning, issued a spe
cial order designating his chief clerk. John '
O Schofleld. to act during hi3 absence.
President Revokes, an Order Giving •
' the Commanding General and
Corbin Authority.
MILES CANNOT ACT V-,
WHEN BOOT IS ABSENT
Great Damage and Loss
of Life Reported in .
Iowa.
New. Yorkers Talk of
Successor to Late
-Archbishop.
Town in Guatemala Is
Destroyed by the
Earthquake.
WANT CARDINAL
FOR THE PLACE
WATER SWEEPS
UPON PROPERTY
QUEZALTENANGO
ENTIRELY RAZED
Between Conover and Decorah. a dis- 1
tance of nine miles, seven miles of track
owned by the Chicago. Milwaukee, and
St. Paul road was washed out. Sixteen
.Iron bridges in and about Decorah "were
destroyed. The stream which overflowed
its banks runs through apportion of the
residence district and the railroad district
of, the town and great damage was done
to private and railroad property. There
were six . washouts between Austin . and
Preston,; on the. open prairie. .Ten miles
of track was destroyed on the Iowa and
Minnesota division of the Chicago, Mil
waukee and St. Paul railroad. . •
Gregg says thfe dsTmage at Decorah was
estimated at $600,000. Houses were wash
ed from -foundations and people residing
on ;the flats fled to • the hills for safety.
More loss of life is feared, as all points
have not been heard from. ; At Fort At
kinson, eleven ' cars were washed into the
stream and loss of stock is reported
throughout ¦* the country. - ¦„ .' .
mile from the torrent, was swept away
and.an.old man drowned: ' . • ¦'.."-
_Its wrathful and dangerous neighbor
Cerro Quemado, is 10,250 feet high, but in
no- way presents the aspects of a typical
volcano, having lost its symmetry during
its great eruption of 1785. when the entire
terminal cone was blown away - re
It is the center of a rich agricultural
district and the metropolis of the western
provinces of Guatemala. It was < the resi
dence of most of • the great land owners
and of the traders and the money, lenders
the real masters of the land.. Jts climate
is very healthful and It boasted many
line - church . buildings, with | lyceums\
schools, etc. . ' ..¦ ¦•"..- -. *
Quezaltenango. the second capital of
the republic and largest city after Guate
mala, the capital, lies in the Altos (high)
region, thirty-five miles -northeast from
its port,. Champerico, on the Pacific
Ocean. It occupies an' extensive, space
7740 feet above the level of the sea, on a
hilly plateau, south of which rises the
never slumbering volcano of Cerro Que =
mado. It. had untilthe disturbances of a
few weeks ago 24,000 inhabitants and was
the capital of a province of the same
name, with an area of 957. square miles
and a population of 104,800. The houses
of the city were built of lava blocks quar
ried from the foot of the volcano - •
ten days ago said that a second convul
sion, much more violent than the. one a
couple of weeks earlier, had thrown down
a large part of Quezaltenango and killed
0000 people. Quezaltenango seemed to be
destined to meet the same fate that be
fell Old Quatemala (Ciudad Vieja) In 1541,
when it was entirely overwhelmed by
earthquake and flood from Mount Agua
(water), which, with its consort. Mount
Fuego (fire). overlooked it, and -of
the second city, Antigua, which rose near
in its stead to be likewise destroyed by
the terrific earthquake of 1773. • , - .
Third— Both republics are to give to the
British arbitrators every facility to ren
der an award on the boundary question
during the present year.
Kourth— The establishment of the naval
poTv^r of each republic on an equal foot
ing.
Ratification of the above agreement is
eagerly awaited in both countries.
Second— Non-intervention by Argentina
in affairs Chile has pending with Peru and
Uolivia.
VALPARAISO. Chile, May 23.— From a
reliable source, I am able to tell The
Call that negotiations with ArgenUna
•will be* satisfactorily settled within the
next two or three days. The Chilean-
Argentina agreement covers the following
points:
First — Arbitration for all kinds of con
troversies.
American Republics Are Now
Nearly Completed.
Eegctiations Between the South
CHILE AND ARGENTINA
SETTLING QUAREELS
FORT DE FRANCE, May 23.— It is now the unanimous opinion of the scientists that Mont Pelee is an explosive volcano, no real lava "or. moya rock mate
rial having been emitted, only mud, steam, gases and fragments of the old crater-beds. The scientists compare the mountain's out-throw to the steam of a
boiler in.which the pressure rises to bursting. point, and they think it possible that 3 more violent outbreak may occur. They remark that the ' explosions
have occurred at -progressively longer intervals, and that they also have been progressively more violent. . There have been three light eruptions of ashes. On
May 5'there was an overflow of mud, which caused the destruction of the Usine Guerin; on.May 8 there was the outburst which destroyed St. Pierre, and on
May 20, or after an interval of twelve days, the last, tremendous outbursts occurred. A new period of rest' is' now on, and one' of two things may happen: the
pressure may be confined for a still longer period and then explode with still greater violence, spreading destruction over a vast area, or the mountain may remain
quiescent for another half-century. \: t , . ... ' • '."
SCIENTISTS FEAR A WORSE OUTBREAK.
"Everything is cuiet at Port au Prince,
Hayti. The Haytian Government Is in
charge of a 'committee of safety. Firmin,
¦with 50,000 men and a Haytian man-of
•w-ar, is a.t St. Marie, Hayti. It is re
ported that the force under his command
has been withdrawn while he sends for
ward various representatives to confer as
to establishing provisional Government "
WASHINGTON, May ZZ— The following
cablegram from Commander Nickels of
the Topeka has been received at the
J*avy Department, dated Port au Prince,
to-day:
PORT AU PRINCE. May 23.— The Hay
tlan warship Crete-a-Pierot arrived here
to-day and landed Antenor Firmin. the
Sorxner Minister at "Paris, who was re
cently at the head of the Army of the
Korth, which advanced until within two
Cays' march of Port au Prince. He was
accorded a very sympathetic reception.
All danger of civil war appears to have
ciisappeared.
in Hayti Beaches Port au
Prince.
Commander of the Army of the North
STrfMTN IS WELCOMED
BY PEACEFUL CITIZENS
The United States steamer Potomac
made her usual trip to St. Pierre to-day
with another party of scientists. She
found the conditions there unchanged
from yesterday. The top of the moun
tain was clearly visible for a consider
able time. Captain McLean of j the
cruiser Cincinnati, who was carefully ob
served Mont Pelee, agreed with other
experts in reporting that a. new •. crater
has been formed below the old one. In
the new crated there Is a great cindet
cone, more than a hundred feet high,
from which steam and volcanic matter
is constantly pouring.
. A torrential downpour of rain In the
morning washed off the ashes from th©
vegetation on the mountain.
The \ French cruiser d'Assas ha3 ar
rived here from Brest, having on board
the French Government relief commis
sion and large supplies of money and
provisions. . * * ¦ ;
A locality known as Camae Trions is
causing a good deal of anxiety at pres
ent. ' The Capote River Is running with
hot water.
The French cruiser Tage, which left
New Orleans with- money and supplies
for the sufferers, having Admiral Servan
on board, arrived here this afternoon. She
reported that Mont Pelee now presents
more assuring prospects. The clouds of
smoke leaving the crater mingle- with
the clouds in the sky and do not have
the threatening aspect they formerly
had. A new crater has formed in the
vicinity of Ajoupa Bouillon. :,..:.
FORT DE FRANCE, Island' of Mar
tinique, Thursday, May 22.— At S o'clock
this afternoon the sky was clear and the
population was calm, but despite this fa
vorable change in the situation many
families left Fort de France by the
French steamer Versailles, and the Villa
de Tangier for the island of Trinidad and
Cayenne, French Guiana. This, with the
1200 persons who "have gone to the island
of Guadeloupe, and many others who
have sought refuge at St. Lucia and
other islands, has lessened the popula
tion considerably. Besides these some
2000 people have left for the southern
parts of the island of Martinique, where
3000 refugees have now assembled. This
desertion of Fort de France has resulted
In the disorganization of many trades. A
number of bakers have been compelled to
close their stores, owing to the fact that
their employes are among those who hav»
fled.
on Other Islands.
Many Families Glad to Seek Refugn
STILL LEAVING MARTINIQUE.
"Have consulted with the- council of the
colony on the partial or total evacuation
of the island. They are unanimous in de
claring the measure is not justifiable at
present. A trans-Atlantic line steamship
row undergoing repairs here might be
utilized to transport those who are de
sirous of emigrating. About 1000 persons
a.re leaving by the steamer Versailles, and
others are sailing on the Ville de Tanger
for Trinidad and Cayenne. There have
l>een no new fatalities."
PARIS, May 23.— A dispatch received
here from the Governor of Martinique,
dated yesterday, reads as follows:
WILL NOT EVACUATE.
Council of Martinique I>ecides to
Stick to the Island.
CASTRIES. St. Lucia, May 23.—Lieu
tenant McCormick, who arrived
here with the Potomac last night,
reports having made an unsuccess
ful attempt to land at St. Pierre
yesterday morning. On the Po
tomac at the time were the Ameri
can scientists who went to Martinique
on the Dixie under the direction of the
"Washington authorities. Since the more
recent eruptions of Mont Pelee the entire
ttfpect of the ruins has changed. Lava
has covered the entire city, effacing all
landmarks.
The place has the appearance of having
tooen entombed for hundreds of years. It
v;ill be impossible to make further search
until the volcano has finally lapsed into
somnolence.
As the Potomac ran through the road
stead a huge rent was discernible in the
south slope of the volcano. In it lava
flowed incessantly over the hills to the
westward and down into the sea.
When the Potomac left Fort de France
that city was still safe, but the panic
continued among the inhabitants. Ever
since Mont Pelee resumed eruption Mon
day an electric storm has raged. Electric
discharges of terrific force have been al
most continuous, and it is feared that an
explosion will occur among the hundreds
of tons of high explosives stored back
of the city.
The D'Assas. a French cruiser with a
scientific commission, arrived at Fort de
France last night.
riom the Special . Correspondent "of
The Call and the New York Her
ald. Copyright, 1902, by the New
York Herald Publishing Company.
POINTE A PITRE. Guadeloupe. May
23.— At this distance, more than 100 miles,
the flaring lights from Mont Pelee in
Martinique could be seen last night. It
had the appearance of a gigantic torch
burning in the sky. Occasionally the fire
would die down only to flare up ( again
brighter than ever. Long after the flash
would come a deep detonation that could
be plainly heard. Rain is falling and a
terrible electric storm continues. The sea
is tossed by a force from below that
causes waves of almost tidal proportions.
The steamer Santo Dominque from
Porto Rico brought here to-day consigned
to Consul Ayme, fifty tons of provisions
sent on board that vessel by Governor
Hunt In the name of the New York Her
ald. The vessel also brought 100 tons of
supplies from the Maftlnque relief com
mittee of Porto Rico. The people are more
desirous of transportation out of the isl
and than of any other relief which can
be offered them.
The French cruiser Tage is engaged In,
landing the relief supplies which she
brought here from New Orleans.
Panic still continues here and the fright
ened inhabitants clamor for the privilege
of leaving this island of terrors. There
seems, however, to be no immediate dan
ger, for while the volcano has been ac
tive during the entire. week, there has
been no serious explosion since Tuesday
morning.
FORT DE FRANCE, Martinique. May
23.— Returning from San Juan, Porto
Rico, to-day, the Herald and syndi
cate newspaper relief boat, the E.
M. Luckenbach, sailed full fifty miles
through the heavy cloud of ashes.
Passing St. Pierre, Mont Pelee was
seen in violent eruption. It would have
been a dangerous undertaking to hav»
run within a mile of the landing, and to
have gone ashore ''would have been to
court destruction. "When the E. M. Luck
enbach arrived at Fort de France her
decks were deeply carpeted with ashes.
Prom the Special Correspondent of
The Call and the New York He-
aid. Copyright, 1902, by the New
York Herald Publishing Company.
Fort de France Still
Safe, but People
Are Panicky.
No Serious Explo
sions, However,
Since Tuesday.
Search Is Impossible
Under Present
Conditions.
Mont -Pelee's Fury
Still , Prevents
SENDS OUT
FIERY RAIN
ON ISLAND
RUINS LOOK
A HUNDRED
YEARS OLD
LAVA NOW COVERS THE RUINS OF THE DESTROYED TOWN OF ST. PIERRE
HORRORS OF THE ISLAND ARE INCREASED BY TERRIFIC ELECTRIC STORMS
THE SAN FRANCISCO ;CAM/; SATURDAY, MAY 24, 1902.
5.It looks as if Congress jWere going to repeat the
Did trick of giving the country a large variety of
canal bills, but no canal act '..".'. ..-.'¦ .'. :"*
;An Oakland boy was very severely/ reprimanded
a few days ago for smoking, in a police court. Per
haps the youngster fondled'an 'idea' that his -brand
was the least offensive of those which in his environ
ment afflicted hi.s? senses .. ¦'¦-¦'¦]
• Senator Morgan of Alabama has declared he will
not stay in the Senate to listen to any more speeches
on the, Philippine question, and it looks as if the
old gentleman wishes to raise an -issue on which he
can do all the talking. . "' '.•'"'
London is said to be sanguine the war is over, but
London has been Sanguine before, and there may
have to be more fighting ere the Boers will talk
peace on British terms:
Cuba is now free, the crowning event of a long
and glorious struggle has been accomplished, and
yet there are lots of; intelligent people who care less
about it than they do about the coming prize-fight.
A. movement is on foot in Congress to- increase
the attendance at Annapolis by five hundred cadets.
Importers of tea should study carefully whether or
not this will have any material effect upon the
profits of their business. •
Toledo seems at last determined to take her place
among those American cities that have won, in the
conduct of their municipal affairs, an unenviable
prominence and distinguished ill-fame. She has
caused the arrest of several of her prominent officials
on charges of bribery.
It seems now. Highly .probable that sonic of "the
new battleships which are to be built for the Ameri
can navy will be constructed in :Governmeht 'yards.
This should be suggestion strong enough for '6nr
Vallejo citizens to get to work.
Some of the very learned, gentlemen who are
making American history. at Washington, are em
phatically of the opinion that we wish to rid."our
selves of the Philippines. Perhaps the gentlemen
are possessed of that wonder of second sight which
will tell us how. . -]:-': J -—'\.' : ''\ . ¦ .. '
The courts have dealt another body blow at the
charter:" It would be interesting to know, in the
light of passing events, what 'the makers of this ex
traordinary instrument* meant "when they put their
heads 'together and gave us the organic laws of our
municipal existence. . •:
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
THE BOERS— P. R.. Vallejo.- Cal. The
religion of the Boers in South Afrida is
that .of the United ] Dutch Reformed
Church. It .was "the; state church.. Office
holders had to be members of that church.
THE MONADNOCK-E. R. Z., City. The
Monadnock, rebuilt at Vallejo, when de
clared completed, proceeded . to sea with
the Board of Inspection on the 14th of
May, 1896, and on the l«5th of the same
month proceeded to sea, making her first
cruise.
;, THE AL.MSHOUSE— Unfortunate, City.
The rule for admission to the Almshouse
of San Francisco, is application -at the
Health office at the City Hall. .An am
bulance leaves for that institution every
Monday/ Wednesday and Saturday at 2
o'clock . in = the afternoon ¦ to convey, there
those, whose applications' have been fa
vorably passed upon. " ' .
LOST" PROPERTY— Finder, . City., In
California' -'one : who finds lost property
must discover the . same according to the
provisions -of, the . Political Code relating
to -lost goods. .That'law, can- be-'s'eenf.'.Jp
the '; reference * room • of ; the - Free ' Public
Library. .This- department ;has ¦ not -. the
apace to reproduce; it. No one has a" right
to hold any property he may find without
making an effort to find the owner.
MICHIGAN— X. Y. Z., City. The motto
on the Great Seal of the State of Michi
gan, "Si quaeris ¦ peninsulam amoenam.
circumspice," means: "If thou seekest a
bea-itiful peninsula, behold it here!" The
State" was called the "Wolverine State"
because of the great number of wolves
abounding there in the long ago.
SERIAL, STORY— C. M. I., City. As to
whether an author who writes a story: to
be published as a serial in a magazine
should .send on all the copy at once or
monthly is a matter of arrangement be
tween the writer and the publisher. All
matter for publication in a magazine, out
side of advertisements, should be sent to
the editor.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend'a.*
Prunes stuffed with apricots. Townsend's.* I
¦ » ¦ . .
x Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
1-r ess Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 230 Call
fornla street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Townsend's California glace; fruit. 60c a
pound, in fire-etched boxes or Jap. bask
ets.. A nice present for Eastern friends.
633 Market St., Palace Hotel butldins. •
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
Kevised Anatomy— "Who was It wished
all Rome had one neck, so that he migh*
cut It off?" * '
"I don't know, but I've seen some-wo
men that would like to have heads on the
«f Ik w e hydra * *» tbat the y coul <* wear
TlmS 6 ln town -"-Wa3nlnston
hSJk 6 °vr- EcVmomy.-.Mr. Blnks^dur
neighbor .Minks, was shot at by a burg
£fv an i th * bU " et lodged >» his pocket
-Nothing; orily I was thinking his wife
Weekly throu Sh mine—New York
P? Going to Thunder Mountain PP
The Northern Pacific Railway Is tha best,
cheapest and quickest route. From l«wistoa
and Stltes. Idaho, there are good wagon roads
to either Warrens or Dixie, from which poinu
the trails Into this district are most accessible
For rates, etc.. address T. K. STATELEfC
G. A.. W7 Market St.. S. F.
Shake Into Your Shoes
Allen's Foot-Ease, a powder. Makes tight or new
shoes feel easy. Cures Corns. Bunions, Swollen.
Tired. Sweating. Aching feet. 30.000 testimon
ials. At druggists & shoe store*. 23c/ Ask to
day. Sample Fres. a. S. Olmsted, !•• Roy. N. T.
Comments of the Democratic press- and the independent journals, as follow, arc reproduced. to .show the senti
ment in that direction: . . ' : " .
STOCKTON MAIL (IND.):
The news from San Jose will bring sore
grief, to the heart of Governor Henry T. Gage
and the other manipulators of the Republican
machine. The Mont Pelee of public indigna
tion broke loose In the Garden City yesterday
and burled the local wire-pullers under .a
sizzling stream of In va .In. the shape of hoif
est . men's ballots and the desolation in the
camp -of the- bosses Is as complete as K Is
gratifying. to lovers of good government.
' ¦ Special significance Is - given tp the result
because j Governor Gase had made Johnny
Mackenzie, the . leader of the overwhelmed
cohorts, his special pet by appointing him a
State Harbor Commissioner. This action could
have had. but one meaning, namely, that Gage
intended to stand for the kind of politics for
which Mackenzie was notorious. That ap
pointment, coming so soon before the election
in San Jose.; was undoubtedly Intended .to ex
ert the 'prestige of the State government In
favor of Mackenzie In his local tight.
But the people of San Jose - refused to en
dure longer the dictation of a b033.and.the
corruption Incident to his administration. Their
assertion of their own freedom was . also a
repudiation of the Governor's : Indorsement of
Mackenzie. The Mail hopes It Is an earnest
of a general repudiation of machine politics,
of which Governor Gage is the representative.
The result in &an Jose is a proof of the fact
that honest newspapers have not lost their
power ' with the people. To the persistent
efforts of the San Jose .Mercury and Herald
the result of yesterday's election was largely
due. Their camplgn' against Mackenzie's
regime was bitter and their columns presented
abundant ground for libel suits if the charges
they made were not true. - The verdict of the
people, however, indicates that San Jose be
lieved that the .charges ..of corruption were
well sustained. ¦"• •„ • , * ; v; ' '
However, all eood citizens wish the new
administration in San Josa abundant success.
To the defeated spoilsmen, to Governor G&ge
and. to all others who grieve over this mani
festation of the blighting fury of public wrath,
the Mail sends condolences .and this message:
Let the San Jose holocaust be a warning to
you. • k'V'L- _ •
KAPA DAILY JOTJBNAL (DEM.):
At the municipal election in San Jose Mon
day.'the Gage-forces, otherwise known" as the
Mackenzie, machine, were completely routed- by
the Good Government forces. The reformers
elected George D. Worswlck Mayor and all the
other officers with the exception of Treasurer.
SACRAMENTO BEE (IND.):
If the Gage "business administration" should
be guilty of a few more blunders of the sort
exposed by The Call last week the State school
land fund would be bankrupt. By one act of
the Board of Examiners as represented by the
astute Daniel Kevane, that fund. lost the sum
of $16,63" 2»— lost it as absolutely a's though
It had been dropped- into the ocean, and lost
It simply because the '.'business administration"
of Gage did not have business sense enough to
know' that it was paying exactly $16,637 29
moVe '.for the bonds than ! they were worth.
The blunder was J thoroughly Inexcusable.
"So man of sound mind would think of paying
$106,247 29 for bonds which Were worth only
$S7,«0O, and yet this Is what. Gage's Board of
Examiners did. That It used the money which
goes to the support of the public schools of the
State to do It makes the act all the more
blameworthy. » • •
Of course, no sane man with a knowledge
of the facts, would have thought of paying a
premium of $18,637 29 for bonds which in a
couple of months would be redeemed at their
faco value. But while every man. woman and
child in Kern County knew the facts, the Board
of Examiners, with Its shrewd Secretary Ke
vane and its expert accountants, made no ef
fort to ascertain them. The Supreme Court
decision, came, favoring th» redemption; -th«
bonds were redeemed at par; and the State
school fund lost . by the transaction : th« sum
of, $1C,637 2©. representing the amount in ex
cess of their face value which bad been paid
for the bonds.
It is a noteworthy fact that Governor Gage,
though he is a member of the Board ol Ex
aminers, was not present when this impor
tant expenditure of public funds was made. It
might be said, almost, that he Is never present
at the 1 Capitol. 'Kevane is the man who wields
the executive power. Four years more of Gaga
will mean four years more of absenteeism;
four years more of Kevane. and four year*
more likelihood of such shameful waste of
public money as that Just described.
It is a remarkable circumstance that Gage,
after this loss had been sustained by the State'
vetoed a bill, "which had passed both houses
of the Legislature, framed for the purpose of
preventing Just such misuse of the nubllo
school funds of. tha State.
There may be no further need for American horses
or mules for war purposes in South Africa, but a
large number of those animals will be needed to re
stock the. farms when peace* returns, and it will be
just as well for the British to bear in mind that this
"is'the'.place to get them. "
The soldiers' and sailors' monument recently dedi
cated in Indianapolis is said to have cost $600,000
and is one of the finest monumental structures in
America. The cost, was much larger than was origin
ally proposed, but the ardor of the people grew with
the. progress of the work, and in the end they have a
municipal ornament they will be proud of for gener
ations to come. • -
DEMOCRATS AND INDEPENDENTS
"Until Chinese labor can develop the industries' (for
the native has not the physical, strength, adapta
bility or inclination t<^ work at manual labor— indeed
he has not the ability of the Chinese, who far sur
passes him 'in business^ insight and steady applica
tion), until the government has an honest stable
currency and keeps ' Jizith with its employes as a pri
vate business firmv/ould do," there is very little
chance of money-making." : In another connection
one. of the leading. men in the islands is quoted as
saying^ "Every* argument -that applies to keeping
The industrial stagnation of the country . is at
tributed to the lack of competent laborers. It is said:
One of the causes «\f the failure of the government
to gain the favor of the natives is said to be "the
inefficiency of the officials and the senseless friction
between different branches of the Government and
between different officials." .
lhe natives arc reported to be eager for instruc
tion, "but 'as for living j.t peace" with' "all "thin, with
no plottings, no spasmodic, futile resistance against
the government— that has jpst begun to dawn upon
the Filipino mind and it will be more than one gen
eration before he realizes that government may be
another name for good will." As an illustration of the
attitude of the native children toward Americans it
is narrated that when American* teachers took charge
of the schools they were received with a good dcalof
hostility, and in one case a young Filipino burst out
with, the declaration: "Why do you come here?
We do not want American teachers. We can neVer
be friends." By the exercise of tact, however, the
teachers soon win over their pupils to a personal af
fection,, but the. hostility to the government con
tinues. N ' ¦ ."'¦•¦
The first notable statement of the writer is that
the outlook at Manila is much brighter for educa
tion than it is for either peace or trade. She notes
that something worth while has been accomplished
by the schools, but very little that. gives promise of
lasting peace or of profitable industry and commerce
so long as present methods are pursued by those in
SO varied and so /contradictory have been the
reports from Manila by civil officials, military
officers "arid- newspaper correspondents that it
is pleasant as a change at least to have a. review of
the situation as seen and studied by a woman who
has nothing to do with the civil government or the
army and- only incidentally with the press. Such a
view is presented in a recent letter to the Boston
Transcript, and much of it is worth .noting by all
who take an interest ir. the complex problems in
volved in our occupation and control of the islands.
A WOMAN'S VIEW OP IT.
t Editor William R." Hearst has been railing so bit
terly at Editor Whitelaw Reid on account of the
knee breeches Reid is to wear at the coronation that
the Boston Herald, for the sake of peace, has ad
vised Hearst to console himself by wearing- panta
lettes.
The absurdity of this charge and all charges
similar to it la apparent on its face. Gover-
. One of these preposterous and parrot-like
Journals goes so far as to say that "the cry
this time [the same old cry] seems to be caused
by Governor Gage not giving The Call, the
Chronicle- and the Los Angeles Times full con
trol of the 'of flee when he took his seat"; and,
further, that "the worst that the city papers
can say against him [the Governor] Is that be
refused to appoint De Young or Spreckels to
the United States Senate!" And so on with
equal lack of sense and disregard of the facts.
The noisy and censorious. Gage newspapers
are hard pushed to- make capital for him. and to
crowd his critics over the tjank and silence
their ./opposition; They are shouting 1 ia .a -par
rot-like way that the opposition tif • the' three
leading Republican newspapers^ of the 1 State,
the San j.Franclsco, Call, and. Chronicle and the
lx>s Angeles Times, is inspired by disappoint
ment and 111 will caused by the failure of the
proprietors of the papers named to "control"
the Governor and shape his administration.
Their favorite charge Is that the editors of the
journals named want the machinery of the Re
publican party turned over to them, out and
out, to be run according to their own sweet
will.
IX)S ANGELES TIMES:
VISALIA DELTA:
I have been asked to state the reasons why
I am unalterably opposed to the renomination
and re-election of Henry T. Gage. I herrwlth
briefly recount my reasons. I am opposed to
Gage because In his campaign of four years
ago he made a speech in this city In which
he said, with a. vibratory voice and other
manifestations of emotion, that had he known
at the outset his name was to have been
linked with the names of party bosses -and
boodle wlelders he would never have gone
before the people as a candidate. ' At the mo
ment that Gage spoke these words he tx&d
pledged himself to do the bidding of Dan
Burns. I cannot countenance such insincerity
nor overlook such political hypocrisy. I am
against Gage because of his pernicioua pclicy
of placing the charitable institutions at the
State In the care of men of questionable char
acter because those men are his (Gage's)
supporters. I am opposed to Gage be
cause he signed tha infamous signature
Mil and thus flung an Insult In the
face of every newspaper man in the State
and made California the laughing stock
of the nation. I am opposed to Gage
because he vetoed the water 'and forest appro
priation bill and thus wrought a great iiriury
to the agricultural and horticultural. Interests.
I am opposed to Gage because he commuted
the sentence of Frank R. Donlan, a murderer.
regarding whose guilt there wasn't tha least
suspicion of a doubt. To keep such a man
as Gage in the gubernatorial chair ia to de
flower the fame of the glorious State of Catr
fornia. .--.A;' i ¦'.¦ ¦ ." ' . .
The issue is one of far-reaching importance, for if
the Federal Government can intervene to protect
citizens of States from lynch law and thus set aside
State courts and State constabulary it could inter
vene in other ways. Great as is the problem of
lynching, the proposed remedy raises a problem
greater still. It might be worth while to give the
proposed law a trial. It would at least scare' the
lynchers a little, and • that would be something
gained. »
While the argument is ingenious, it is not looked
upon as conclusive even by Mr. Pillsbury 1 himself.
His plea is mainly for a test- of the law. He says:
"In view of express constitutional provisions, and in
the present state of judicial decision, the existence
or non-existence of this power in the Federal Gov
crr.ment can be determined only, by submitting a
statute to the test of judicial examination."
Furthermore, he argues that the fourteenth
amendment changed the old status of citizenship,
and all citizens of States are now primarily citizens of
the United States and are entitled to look to it for
protection. The amendment expressly authorizes
Congress to enforce its provisions by appropriate
legislation.
Mr. Pillsbury argues that, the 'fourteenth amend
ment forbids the States to deny any person within
their jurisdiction "equal protection of the laws," and
he holds that the prohibition may be violated as
truly by omitting to give adequate protection as by
passing acts to deny such protection. Thus he says:
"It would seem that when a citizen or other person
is put to death by a lawless mob, in default of the
protection which the State is bound to provide for
ail alike, there is a denial of equal protection by the
State, in the sense of the equality clause, which Con
gress may prevent or punish by legislation applying
to any individuals who participate in or contribute
co it directly or indirectly."
Albert E. Pillsbury of Massachusetts has under
taken to give vitality to the bill by presenting reasons
why it may be deemed constitutional, and his argu
ment, published in the current number of the Har
vard Law Review, has attracted a good deal of at
tention. It may have the effect of rousing public
sentiment in favor of the bill and thus inducing Con
gress to enact it and give it a fair trial before the
cov.rts.
It is probable that a majority of the members of
Congress regard the measure as' unconstitutional,
for otherwise much more prominence would haf^
been given it. The issue with which it deals is one
of the most serious problems tliat " confront the
American people, and, since the State courts seems
to be powerless to check it, an appeal to Federal ac
tion would undoubtedly have a strong support were
it not for a belief that the evil lies beyond the reach
of Federal jurisdiction. ¦ v
AMONG the bills now . before Gongress of
which little has been/heard is one providing
that the . killing of a citizen of the United
States by a mob in default of protection by State,of
ficers shall be deemed a violation of the peace of the
United States, and every person. participating in such
mob shall be deemed guilty of. murder and subject
to prosecution therefor in the Federal courts.
LAW AND THE L^NCHERS.
The Gage newspapers are never weary of
shouting that the tax levy this year ia the
lowest in the history of the State. This may
be so— some deny it— but the farmers of th*"
State who are vitally interested In irrigation "
matters have not forgotten that Governor Gage
vetoed the irrigation bill which was prepared
with much care by the California Water and
Forest Association, and which was passed by
both houses of the Legislature with only one
dissenting vote. The 7000 members of the as
sociation, who are all voters, have not forgot
ten Governor Gage's action. If he is nomin
ated they will clearly remember him at 'the
polls. ¦ ...... - •"¦ -
EEBLANDS CITBOGEAPH:
Colonel D. M. Burns, In a recent interview,
while confessing an estrangement between him
self and Crimmlns, on account of a quarrel over
the spoils, insisted that he was still as close
as ever to Herrln. These little personal facts
are regarded as news worth paying telegraph
tolls on. Why? Who Is W. F. Herrln? He
is a pleasant and Intelligent gentleman, who
is hired by the Southern Pacific to do politics
for the railroad. In his personal capacity he
is nothing, represents nothing, aspires to noth
ing. He is the living embodiment of the South
ern Pacific in politics, and makes no pretense,
and asks no pretense, that he stands for. any
thing else. Now the Southern Pacific Is a
most useful railroad corporation, which ha3
rendered vast business service to California at
much incidental profit to Itself. As such it is
entitled to receive, and does receive, all due
business and public consideration. But the
Southern Pacific is not a citizen of California,
and has no business in the politics of Cali
fornia. A citizen may engage in politics for
good or for evil, but the intrusion of a cor
poration into politics, for any purpose what
ever. Is an unmixed public evil, and quite the
most pronounced political • evil of our day.
What shall we think then of the political leader
who frankly avows partnership with this politi
cal influence? What shall we think of any
candidate for office who attaches himself 'to
that leader's fortunes and suffers his control?
Just what we think cf the power behind the
throne that they all indirectly 1 represent. The
issue is drawn, fortunately, * with entire dis
tinctness In California. There is.no compro
mising it or' mlstakinc it. The 'trail of the
boss is plain. ' Beware of those that follow
therein. . ¦ . .¦ .
FRESNO' REPUBLICAN:
Francisco. The acme of Gage's misery win
be for. the good people of Humboldt County to
repudiate bossism and corruption and elect an
independent delegation to the Republican State
Convention.
ARCATA UNION:
Just what Governor Gage has done to entitle
him to eulogies from the Democratic party we
do not know, but some Democratic papers are
advocating his nomination. This is supposed
to mean that in the Judgment of these papers
Gage will be an easy Republican to beat.
KAPA DAILY REGISTER:
Neither the Pasadena News nor Us editor,
personally, are supporting Governor Gage's
candidacy for renomination. "We think it
would be far better for" 'the. Republican party
and for the State if Governor Gage would not
force his candidacy. . Further than not sup
porting Governor Gage's ambition we have no
candidate, although we are friendly to all the
aspirants personally.
iMvill be seen that the string attached to Russia's
.proposition is tangled and knotty. A long time will
be required to straighten it out. We may conclude,
therefore, that the powers will remain in the position
they now hold and Russia will remain in Manchuria.
By degrees the spirit of- aggression will carry each
side farther and farther into Chinese territory. By
and by they will come into contact with one another
and then the world will probably hear of an ultima
tum. That, however, is a long way off. China might
as well make up her mind to look upon Manchuria
r as a Russian province and Tientsin as a permanent
station of friendly protectors against possible Rus
sian encroachments. .
r The insistence upon these" new terms" niay* be' high
diplomacy, but it seems very much like what com
mon folks call ."passing the buck." Russia says to the
powers, "I will get cut of Manchuria when you get
out of Tientsin." The powers say to China, "We will
get out of Tientsin when you agree not to come in."
If now China would say, "I will agree. to the new
proposals when Russia evacuates Mancl/uria," the
circle would be complete. !,.
While debating the question and arranging a joint
reply to Russia, the allies have announced that they
will leave Tientsin provided China will agree to cer
tain new proposals. According to the summary made
public the chief of the new propositions are:' "N.o
Chinese Goldierj, to.be permitted in the city, while
foreign soldiers are to garrison the Tientsin foreign
settlement. The Chinese police in the native city
not to exceed 2500. No Chinese garrison within
some twenty miles of the city can be augmented, nor
can Chinese troops pass within twenty miles of it;
although foreign troops can travel about freely with
in that radius. Foreign troops to occupy the sum
mer resorts at Pcitaiho and in the hills west of
Peking. Only* one Chinese war vessel to be at Taku
a}, a time." '-> :¦ •:; - ¦ ¦. ¦ -.¦ ¦.
When peace was made with China it was agreed
that the powers should restore Peking to the Chinese
Government and evacuate the country, while upon
her" part China agreed to dismantle the forts be
tween Peking and the sea and to place the powers
in control of certain points so that in case of emer
gency they could readily reach the capital. The pow
ers, however, have not evacuated the country. They
are still at Tientsin, and now they have to make a
showing in reply to the, announcement of the Czar
concerning his policy in .Manchuria. *
The latest revised reports upon the subject are that
Russia announces she will withdraw her troops- from
Manchuria when the other powers withdraw ¦¦'¦¦¦ their
troops from Tientsin. It is now a case* of,, seeing
which side can best extricate itself from an awkward
situation. The powers that have been '• so violently
protesting against Russian aggression have to" make
the next move or give a good reason for not doing
so. Naturally there is trouble in diplomatic; circles
and a good deal of hard thinking and harder ..lan
guage concerning the/diabolism of Adam Zad the
bear. • ' " v ' \
IT appears that the praise given to Russia- for-her
announcement . that she would withdraw^ from
, Manchuria was obtained by something like false
pretenses. The agreement to withdraw is -not un
conditional. It is like a Carnegie library ,-gift.ji It has
a large string to it, and the string is troublesome. '
RUSSIA AND THE POWERS.
The very serious .allegation* has been made in the
Congressional investigation of Philippine affairs that
our soldiers in the far away, islands have been using
explosive bullets. If this be true the uproar of. the
debates . at " Washington must be an echo of those
RED .BLUFF SENTINEL:
The downfall of the Gage machine In San
Jose at Monday's election will be a source of
rejoicing f rom . one end . of the State to the
other. The machine was headed by Boss Mac
kenzie, the corrupt, political manipulator, who
was so. valuable to Governor Gage that he
was given two important appointments', first
as trustee of the Home for the Feeble Minded
at Glen Ellen, and while, still holding that
Job he was made Harbor Commissioner of San
The San Jose result is taken variously. .The
papers that -are Inimical to Governor Gage see
In it repudiation of that gentleman's aspiration
for re-election, but the cynics see merely a
fight of bosses. It Is certain that the fixuro
heada pf the opposing . factions down there
were but a short time ago hand-and-glove, and
that they subsequently fell- out. The. result is
not quite as clear-cut as an unalloyed victory
of the people should be; still it is a triumph
in the right direction. The gleeful city papers
ere not commending it, however, because of Its
general righteousness. They are simply Joyful
because they interpret it as being disastrous
to their political .'enemy. . ••.'.
ALAMEDA ARGUS:
Good government forces won out beautifully
at the municipal election In San Jose .Monday.
Boss Mackenzie was fairly and squarely
knocked out and the Gage machine .: got ' a
severe setback. Mayor Bchmltz exerted in
fluence along right lines when he sent the fol
lowing message . to . the Citizens' Cimmlttee
Monday morning: '"The eyes of the entire
State are centered upon your contest. The
spirit of every good citizen joins with you In
the fight for clean government and honest ad
ministration. May success crown your cause."
The anti-boss forces were led by> the Hayes
brothers, owners of the San Jose Mercury and
Herald, and those on the inside say that re
sults point to the eupersedure of Loud in Con
gress with Editor, Hayes. Now that San Jose,
the stronghold of the boss, has redeemed . her
self, Santa Clara. County may be counted upon
to send ¦ an unfettered delegation to the next
Republican' State Convention.
NATA DAILY- REGISTER:
OAKLAND ENQUIRER:
As for the relation of the San Jose contest
to State politics, it can only be said that it
constitutes a very unfavorable omen for Gov
ernor Gage. The Governor took up Mackenzie
several months since, recognized him as the
leader In Santa Clara County, and honored
him • by making . him State Harbor Commis
sioner. The Mackenzie men declared that as
soon as the city election was' out of the way
they would begin the county . fight for Gover
nor Gage, but from present appearances they
will not be able to win it A. Mackenzie's great
est strength was in San Jose city, and in the
Country districts he ' has been rather weak.
Before the city election it was generally con
ceded that if the reformers should win there
Mackenzie could not hope to carry the county,
while, on the other hand, the reformers might
lose the city and still carry the county.
THE influential Republican newspapers of the State and the leading non-partisan journals hold that one terra
of Gage is all that the people can endure. The overwhelming defeat of the bosses in the San Jose election
is'gerierally acceptedas a rebuke of Gage's candidacy for another term. The Gage following consists
mainly of State' office-holders, deputies and others on the public payroll. The crushing defeat administered
; to -Mackenzie has demoralized the office-holding gang, and many of the push politicians who were ardent
supporters of the administration a month ago concede that Gage is practically out of *he race. Santa Clara County
has been taken from the boss column and placed in line with the forces of honest administration. All signs point to
an overthrow of the bosses in Sacramento County. The scandals in Humboldt County have aroused the anti-boss Re
publicans of that region to a sense of their duty. The following press comment is interesting:
SAN DIEGO UNION:
Ordinarily a municipal election in San Jose
would have little Interest for. the rest of the
State. - The contest in that city- yesterday,
however, ia one in which the entire Bepublican
paTty. of California was directly concerned.
The battle was between the so-called "push,"
headed by Gage's henchman Mackenzie on the
one. side and - the opponents of machine poli
tics on the other... The fight appears to have
been as hot as any ever fought in a Cali
fornia city, election.
'The outcome is a distinct setback for ma
chine politics of the Gage . stripe. According
to. the returns,, the ticket headed by Mackenzie
and the "push" | was overwhelmingly beaten.
California Republicans will ' accept the re
sult as a pood augury for the greater cam
paign that is to be made against the greater
"push"— the Republican machine which is
seeking to force the renomlnation of Henry T.
Gage for Governor upon men who will not vote
for him | again for any office whatever.
nor Gage haa not had the opportunity to ap
point a United States Senator since b.e was
elected, and has appointed none; and yet as
sertions of this kind are deliberately put forth
with the expectation of deceiving somebody
and arousing a prejudice to break the force of
Just criticisms, hoplngr by such silly processes
to make capital for his Kxcelleney.
The Times cannot speak for Mr. de Young or
for Mr.' Spreckels in any particular wriatever,
and haa no knowledge of what either of them
has done, or attempted to do, with th« Gov
ernor lp the matter of influencing ur controlling
hie administration, or any act o :t; but we
venture the surmise that the :::en of . the
Chronicle and The Call are 'not Justly charge
able. In the slightest degree, with any effort
to "steer" the Governor in any matter what
ever. We do not believe they have so stulti
fied themselves as men, cr that they would
thus compromise themselves as ¦ journalists.
As for the Times, the charge is too absurd
to entitle it tq. any attention whatever. No
sane man in the State believes, or can eay,
that the editor of this journal or any man con
nected with it has ever asked of Governor Gag»
any favor whatever, great or small, cr sought
to influence the course of his administration
by solicitation., importunity, menace or ether
means. The Governor himself will not have
the hardihood to so assert. The Times is oy
posln? hta administration for proper, legiti
mate, grave, sufficient and impersonal reason?,
whid/have heretofore been plainly stated. Ke
J3 merely a public servant, not above the peo
ple who elected him, not above criticism, but
amenable to popular censure and public chal
lenge as to his fitness for renomlnation.. This
Journal Is nobody's, servant, and Mr. Gage will
yet learn the truth that Governors are for a
day and not for all time — not even for two
terms, when the people choose to say nay.
Crushing Defeat Administered to the Bosses in the San Jose Election
by the Organized Forces of Honest Government Everywhere
Accepted as a Stinging Rebuke to Gageism— Daily Deser
tions From the Camp of the Allied Bosses Are Significant
SATURDAY: ; . , . ;, , : . j}5 . r. f . . ; . , f . .-. : . MAY jagjipro •
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
\~, —kltnn AH .CcBsmwifttiem to W. 6. LEAEE, Mn>tg»r. _^"
ft£k"lor THE CALL. The Operator Will Connect
• You With the Department You Wish. •
I»CBLICATIOjr OFFICE... Market and Third. 9. ¦".
EDITORIAL BOOMS 217 to 221 SttTemoa St.
Cfcllrered by Carrier*. 15 Cent* Per Week.
Stairfe Copies, 5 Cents.. .
Terms by Mall. Including Poataret
OAIt-T CAl.n (Including Bandar), one year .....$8.00
DAU.T CAUL, ttnclndlnff Sunday), 6 months. ...... ....... S.00
Daily call. (including Sunday), S moaths. ...... ....... 1.50 ¦
Dxn-T CALL— By Stn*le tfenth .'. We
KUNDAT CALL. On* Tear 1.60
&VEEKJLT CALL. On« Tear....: 1.00
All postmasters are authorized to receive
< inbiicrlptloBi.
t Eajnpl* eoplaa will be forwarded when requested. '
Wall subscriber* In ordering chanr* of address should be
hftrtleelar to rire both. NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
le tssura a prompt ana correct compliance, with their request.
DAKUX'D OFFICE! HIS Broadway
( C. GEORGE KIIOGXESS.
Ktttrtr Ttttigt linrtiiltg, Ktrqtette Bnilditg, CMeigi.
I (Lccc Distance Telephone "Central 2819.")
IfKW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
& O. CAnLTOX ....Herald Square
NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. S3IITU 30 Tribune Building
NEW TORK NEWS BTAND8:
Walderf-Aetoria Hotel; A. Brentano. 81 Union Square 1 ;
¦Corny H1U HoteL
« ' :¦ .' ¦ CHICAGO NEWS 'STAND8: *
Eherman Hcase; P. O. Newt Co.; Greet Northern Hotel;
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
fWAJai.VGTO.V O>. C.» OFFICE. . . .1400 G St., W. W.
MORTOX E. CRAVE. Correspondent.
BIUJICB OFFICES— 627 Montgomery, corner of Guy. open
until »:80 o'clock. 800 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. «33
, 'McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clock. 813 Lerkln, oprn until
I :S0 o'clock. 1841 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261
I « Market, corner Sixteenth, open until 0 o'clock., 1096 Va-
I tends, open until 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until •
i ¦ •'dock. NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open
• turtll • o'clock. 2200 Ftllroore. open until 9 p. m.
- -It is to be borne in mind that the 157 deputyships
appointed for counties and municipalities do*" not
comprise all the appointments at the disposal of the
proposed commission. It can establish an office and
appoint clerks and employes wherever it deems
them necessary.- It would be easy, therefore, for
the commission to provide every member of the
Legislature with some kind of a permanent job to
dispose of as he deems best. In short, the scheme of
Gage and his allies proposes to develop the most pro
lific political plum tree known to history. At every
shake of the tree there will fall plums enough to fat
ten many a boodler, and it will not be long before
the legislators find it put and act accordingly.
Suppose the Legislature should fix salaries at that
figUTC and. the Governor of the State who is to sur
ceed Gage .should .-veto the salary bill, what then?
The' Legislature would adjourn without fixing sala
ries,, and/ under the amendment the commission
would then have the right to fix them. The State
would gain nothing by the veto. The boodlers would
be playing a sure game.
Consider the' figures a moment. There are in the
State 57 counties and upward of 100 cities and towns.
This will give the commission the appointment of
157 deputies to start with. As there are forty Seni
tors, twenty-one constitutes a majority, and as there
are eighty ¦Assemblymen, forty-one constitutes a
majority of that' branch of the Legislature. The ma
jorities of the two houses make a total of Hxty-two.
Suppose the 157 deputyships were distributed among
the Sixty-two, members of the Legislature, would
there not be,. a good big inducement for a majority in
each house to vote for a liberal salary — say $2400 per
annum? * / ; . : -
The facts are these: Governor Gage will have the
appointment of the commission; three members of
4he commission will control its action; Gage can ap
point one of those members for six years, another
for eight years and the third for ten years, so that his
three will; dominate the commission for -full six
years, and during that time have an unlimited power
of appointments all over California.
What will be the effect of those provisions if the
amendment be adopted? The commission,, being
made the successor of Boards of Supervisors and city
and town councils or other governing bodies {of
counties and municipalities so far as the regulation of
corporations is concerned, will of course easily find
an excuse for establishing an office with an. ample
array of clerks and deputies in every county and
every city and town in the State. It will also have
need for other clerks and employes to look after the
work which the commission takes- over from the
present Railroad, Bank and Insurance commissions.
With such a large number of appointments at its
disposal, the commission can readily arrange to die
tribute patronage among members of the Legislature
and thus get liberal salaries allowed. It will be seen
that the means for controlling the corrupt elements
of the Legislature will be immense and will be ready
at hand in every county and every municipality.
The amendment provides: "The commission shall
have a general office in such place as it may deter
mine from time to time, and shall appoint such clerks
and employes as it may from time to time deem
necessary, and shall be allowed all necessary costs of
travel in performance of duties, and all expenses and
salaries shall be paid by the State." It is further
provided: "But the Legislature may from time to
time in its discretion regulate the salaries of all
clerks and employes, but, failing so to do, the com
mission shall have the power to fix the same."
A FEW days ago The Call directed the atten
tion of the public to the extraordinary ap
. pointing , power conferred by Assembly con
stitutional amendment No. 28 upon the commission
which it. purposes to create. The subject is an im
portant one to taxpayers and is worth considering in
detail, so that" a fair estimate may be made of the ex
tent of boodle contained in the scheme.
ONE TERM OF GAGE THE LIMIT
OF ENDURANCE IN THIS STATE
THE BOODLE PLUM TREE.
Taken altogether the prospect as presented by the
correspondent of the Transcript is far from encour
aging. A good deal, has been done. ) We have made
Manila a clean and healthful city. We have estab
lished schools that are doing good work. We have
roused the desire of Filipinos to learn the English
language. On the other hand the antagonisms
among the people and their inability to work ren
der it doubtful if we shall ever make them, in this
generation, a peaceful and prosperous community.
It happens, however, that between the Chinese and
the Filipino there is. a, bitter racial antagonism, and
the writer notes. that the children of the two races
go to different schools and " frequently fight when
they meet on the streets.
Chinese but- of A'merica is' an argument for letting
them into the Philippines."
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 24, 1902.
6
10 SUBSCRIBERS LEAYIKG TOWH FOR THE SUMMER
Call ¦BbBcriber* coniemplattap n ehaasr* . ol
rttMeaee dnrlnc the Mummer month* j can hart
rkelr paper forfrarded by mall to their neir
mAAreumcmhr notlfjlnc The Call BulBeii Office.
Tku paper will also be am sale at', all ' ¦nmraer
rr-rnvrtm and Is represented px * local agent ln
all town* «m the const. ' '.Policeman Frank McGraln " and •' Detec
tive Coleman yesterday arrested William
Tates and "Chick" Hawkins, alias Ham
ill, in the rear of 1129 Dupont street. In
the possession of Yates was found a
jimmy, and Hawkins had a quantity
of telephone slugs. Marks on the rear
door of the premises at 1127 Dupont street
Indicated that an attempt had been made
«?t e i lt ?L* t 1 ? e Dlace « whlcn is a store room
filled with expensive wines. Both men
will be charged to-day with attempted
burglary, and Yates with having burg
lar s tools in his possession. They are
suspected of numerous burglaries "on
Butchers day.
Suspected Burglars Arrested.
To-night, will be the last of the spring
exhibition, but the closing. will not deter
the society from adding fresh /floral beau
ties during the day to the stands and the
tables. Throughout the evening the
P J£ m ? nad , e concei * be repeated and
additional awards will be made t
Crowds of people flocked to the ferry
building yesterday to enjoy the exhibi
tion so admirably planned by the Cali
fornia State Floral Society. The second
day had not in the least diminished the
freshness and the rich hues of the flow
ers.
There were several additions to , the
richly loaded tables yesterday, and among
the most important were exquisite speci
mens of the old English sweet brier. .
The appearance of the single rose is
evidence here, as it has been in England
of late, that the taste for roses is going
back from doubles to singles. For one
hundred years of more the cultivation
has been toward producing the present
large varieties of double roses from the'
wild rose. The tendency is now to go back
to the delicate wild rose. Peter "i'hiesen .
and Frank Pelicano have a beautiful. If
small, display of the sweet brier rose,
fcnd Professor E. J. Wickson exhibits a
cluster of single roses that delights all
cultivators.
Mrs. John Ross Martin, Mrs. W. S.
Chandler, Mrs. Hodgkins and many other
of the ladies who have given months of
thought and time to bring about the suc
cess of the exhibition were entertainers
of many parties of friends and visiting
strangers during the .afternoon.
The exhibition was augmented In the
-evening when Mrs. Martin and her col
leagues received from Marin County an
additional lot of wild flowers.
Frank Pellicano & Co. added to their
collection some cut flowers of such beauty
as to win for them the J25 prize, and,
much to the surprise and delight of the
committee and the visitors, a huge truck
ful of wild azaleas was received from
Humboldt County, and also a great leafed
water plant of immense circumference.
The exhibit won for the county the so
ciety s silver medal.
Among the visitors during: the day were
o» d . ladies from institutions, orphans and
nigh school botany classes, for whom free
admission had been arranged. The ferry
building was ablaze with electric lights
and gay with the varied and bright col
ors of the floral display.
To the music of the /United States Traln
in & Station orchestra the people prome
naded between bowers of flowers of the
garden and meadow. Fashion was out in
numbers, and the second day's exhibit
proved a great success for the Floral So-,
ciety. ¦.;- ;-:-•'.-
Old English Brier Revives
LoDging for Sweet .
Single Rose.
Fashion Goes in Num
i bers to View Beau
tiful Exhibition.
CROWDS ENJOY
FLOWER SHOW
Is. found in the matured products of the
Anheuser-Busch' Brewing Ass'n, '. st
Louis. U. S. A., every bottle being aged
to perfection •!-' after > proper- preparation
from r choicest : materials. • •
Healthfulness
Court Sutro Heights • Social- Club of the
Foresters of America will go on an excur
sion to Sunset Park - in the Santa Cruz
Mountains on Sunday next. There will be
interesting games and a number of prizes
awarded. . : ¦
Foresters Will Picnic.
/The " Golovin Bay . Railroad; Company
was incorporated yesterday with a capitaK
stock* of: $100,000/ of which amount $17 000
has been ¦ subscribed : by. .the following
directors: J. Dennis Arnold. C. W ' Wll
lard, W. S. Burnett, P. J. Miller and A
H. W»nn. The company is organized for
the purpose; of -building and operating a
narrow gauge railroad sixteen miles - in
length, from the-Neukluk River in Alas
ka to claim No. 28- on Ophir Creek
Will Build Railroad in Alaska.
An article entitled "California's Volcanic
Relics" in to-day's San Francisco News Letter
is a thorough and intelligent discussion of the
lava beds of this $tate. The disaster at Mar
tinique ' has also' led to the correction of the
story in some. of the dailies that the last ,bt
•tho Carlbs were , killed by the Soufrlere vol
cano. . The true , history of the Caribs and
their extinction is given. ' In direct contrast to
this ; Is "Count Castellane tothe Rescue," a
burlesque on yellow journal methods. .-. There
is a good story this week by W. O. McGeehan.
It is entitled "A Bout With Famine." and deals
with life on a Belvedere houseboat. "But One
Interpreter" is a little tragedy, and "The Poet
ograph," a very funny description of a new
invention.'-, is-a good antidote for it. The- old
newspaperman's reminiscences tell of / the
election of one war. Governor, and "Campaign
Echoes" makes tho political situation clear.
Besides other : personal , gossip the. Looker' On
department has a good story of Governor Odell
and President Harriman. The financial, dra
matic and literary departments" are .well taken
care of. The society news is complete and au
thentic. : *
To-Dayfs News Letter.
John G. Woolsey, who ran on the Pro
hibition ticket for President at the Ia3t
election, arrived at the Palace yesterday
from Chicago. He is a strong advocate
of the abolition of^ the army canteen.
William E. Leland, who is in charge of
the mechanical construction of the new
pestoffice, arrived in this city yesterday
from Portland and Is stopping at the
Stewart. -',% >/*> v:
D. S.' Rosenbaum, a merchant of Stock
ton, is here on a short business trip. He
is at the Palace.
R. -D.- Stephens, a -fruit-grower and
prominent politician of Sacramento, is at
the Grand. -2 ;->:¦-"£ -
George W. Jackson, secretary of tht
Agricultural Park at Sacramento, is at
the Lick. . ¦ ':•? ¦•••;•¦
W. E.Woolsey, a well-known fruit
grower of Santa Rosa, is at the Oc
cidental.
'Judge E. C. Hart of Sacramento is
at the Grand. -
Charles T. Tullock, an Oakdale mer
chant, Is at the Lick..
T. J. Field, a capitalist of Monterey, is a
guest at the Palace.
Judge M. E. Sanborn of Yuba City is
registered at the Lick.
T. B. Rickey, a lumber dealer of Carson
City, is at the Palace.
B. Dickinson, proprietor of Hotel Ben
Lomond, is at the Grand. .
James D. Schuyler, an engineer of Los
Angeles, is at the Palace.
PERSONAL.
W. H. Dillard, .a colored clerk in the
United States Internal Revenue Office in
this city, went on a vacation about two
weeks ago. ' His vacation time expired
last Saturday, since which time nothing
has been heard as to his whereabouts.
His accounts have been examined and
found to be correct. He has a wife in
Oakland, who says that she has no
knowledge of his whereabouts. ' '
Revenue Clerk Dillard Missing.
Olive Fisher. Miss lone Pennington, Miss Caro
lyn Poole. Mrs. Helene Speyer, . Miss Estelle
Suppe, Miss Frdellch, Mrs. Humphrey-Smith,
Miss Edith Mulr, Miss Alice Leigh, Miss Wini
fred Leary, Miss Davida Cone, Miss Ethel
Pettrel, Miss Hattle Hutchlns, Miss Charlotte
Vance, Mrs. Isabel Stewart, Mrs. de Lane
Allen. Miss Annie Krest, Miss Mary B. Coch
ran Mme. Herrera, Miss Frances E. Prindle,
Miss Grace DIggles, Miss Estelle Da
vis Fyfe, Miss Helen RUthraufT. Mrs.
Maybelle Stone Cole, Miss Mabel Dean South
ack, Miss Blanche Juliette Southack, Miss Lois
Gladding. Miss Alice Jackson, Miss Florence
Herne. Miss Louisa Smalley, Miss May Rother,
Miss Estelle Guppy, Mme. Montignon,
Mrs. Charlotte Rundle Chapman, Mrs.
Grace Edwards LIghtner, Mrs. Henrietta Zelle
Ohrwell, Mrs. Ella I Seaton Tuttle. Miss Grace
de Forest, Miss Marlon Sherman Freeman, Miss
Pinkham, Mrs. Carrie Pond Rhodes.
YOUNG WOMAN WHO HAD
,..; CHARGE. OE-THE POLYTECH
NIC ART. EXHIBIT. .:/ :
Overture, "La Gazza Ladra" (Rossini); sym
phony in B minor (Schubert), Allegro Moderato,
Andante con moto; (a) "Liebestreu" (Brahms),
(b) "The Water Lily," (c) "Serenade" (R.
Strauss), Mrs. M. E. Blanchard; "Minuet" (Bol
r.onl), for strings; "Scenes Pittoresques"
(Massenet), 1 (a) "Marche," (b) "Angelus," (c)
"Air de Ballet"; "Air de Salome — Herodlade".
(Massenet), Mrs. M. E. Blanchard; "Corona
tion March" (Meyerbeer).
The Philharmonic Society, gave its sec
ond concert last evening in Metropolitan
Hall. The ..attendance was large-and the
musical -numbers greatly appreciated.
Giulio Minetti was the director and the
amateur musicians did splendidly under
his leadership. The following numbers
were rendered: - •':' v
Amateur , . Musicians « of This City
Render Classical Programme at
Metropolitan Hall. .' >/• -.. "
PHILHARMONIC SOCIETY
HOLDS SECOND CONCERT
Mrs. Emilia Johnson Wohlander, Miss Effle
Burns, Miss Marie Louisa Lucas, Mrs. Annie
Bernhard Avila, Miss Sarah Coward/ Miss Amy
Gur.n, Mrs. . Lucy C. Jewett Moncure, Miss
Edith Kennedy. Miss Miriam Holt, Mrs. . Lena
Atkins Danby, Mrs. Marie .Taylor. Bateman
Miss Edna Stuart.' Mrs. • Ellison Vernon San
ford; Miss Myrtle Leib, Miss Gertrude Feather
stone, Mrs. Aileen Day Bauer, Miss" Mabel
Korts, Mrs. Emily MacNeil Reed, Miss ' Mabel
Morris, Miss Sadie Smith. Miss Blanche Doane,
Miss Gertrude Kennedy, Mies Leila McDermott/
Miss Lydia Miller, Miss Edna Hepburn, Miss
¦•¦¦..--¦¦•*
The annual luncheon of the Irving In
stitute alumnae was "held in the private
dining room of the Occidental Hotel yes
terday. The room was beautifully decor
ated with ferns, cut flowers and white
and blue bunting. Mrs. George Morse
was toastmaster, and short speeches were
made by Rev. E. \B. Church,- president of
the faculty; Mrs. Ella Seaton Tuttle, Miss
Lofs Gladding", Miss Amy. Elizabeth Dunn
and Mrs. Alexander E. Masson. Among
these seated at the tables were:
The mythological section the Laurel
Hall Club will meet Wednesday at the
residence of Mrs. Thomas W. Collins at
2 p. m. v v -*~r . : ' ,
On Jefferson Davis day the recep
tion will be by invitation, ex-Confeder
ates having been invited to address the
chapter. The ladies received recently, a
rosewood gavel and block, the former
decorated with the colors, red and white
the latter covered with gray velvet and
thereon a plate with the following in
scription: "Jefferson Davis Chapter No
540, United Daughters of the Confeder
acy." It was the gift of George B
Hilliard, son of the historian and custod
ian of the cross. ¦ >
Mrs. Jefferson Davis sent to the chap
ter an autograph letter gratefully ack
nowledging the compliment bestowed on
her illustrious husband and imploring thp
choicest blessings to be showered on the
order. This will be carefully preserved
by the chapter. The organization' is com
posed of representative families of
California, including the Le Contes, Daln
gerflelds, Fauntleroys, Lemares, Thorn
tons, Bradleys, Hays, Crittendens/ Wick
ershams, Hilliards, Leighs, Tylers, Pages
McHenrys, Garnetts, Whites, Dorseys and
Van Wycks. ;.-•'
The coming reception on June 3, Jeffer
son Davis* birthday, at the "Bella Vista "
closes a number of charming socials late
ly held by the Jefferson Davis Chapter
United Daughters of the Confederacy,
prior to their summer vacation. The
chapter was organized January 19, 190''
Robert E. Lee's birthday, at the residence
of Judge Thornton, and it was then re
solved that on the second Wednesday of
each month following a similar reunion
would occur. One of the most pleasing of
these events occurred at the residence of
Mrs. Joseph Le Conte, Bancroft way
Berkeley, and several numbers not down
on the programme made the surprise all
the more enjoyable. Two ex-Confederate
members of the artillery company known
throughout the war as the Richmond
Howitzers cheered the ladles with their
encouraging wojrds and sanction of their
fealty. The chapter has taken up with
zeal the memorial and charitable work
which the Daughters of the Confederacy
are organized to fulfill, which has so lonir
lain dormant.-
Banjo and piano, B. Laulhere and H. Pracht;
mandolin and guitar, Arthur Ellert and Miss
E. Tracey; piano. Rose Ferrea; banjo and
piano/ B. Laulhere and H. Pracht; piano, Har
cld Pracht; viola and piano, Hubert Hitl and
Miss T. Schuldt; piano duet. Misses Tillie and
Stella Schuldt; violin and piano, Misses Josle
and Stella Leszynsky; piano. Misses Sophie and
Lucle Czarnekl : cornet and • piano, Jackson
Stevens and George Gerken; piano. Harold
Pracht; piano, MUb Vivian Baldwin.
The tea given by the young women of
the Polytechnic High School yesterday
tfernoon was largely attended, many well
known guests being among those present.
Miss Maria Van Vleck was In charge ' of
the art exhibition which included the
pupils' excellent work in wood carving,
drawing, modeling, etc. The floral dec
orations in the auditorium were elabor
ate and the affair was a pleasant one.
The following musical programme was
well rendered:
• * *
Mrs. John F. Merrill entertained the
members of the Century Club yesterday
afternoon at her ¦ residence, Washington
street and Van Ness avenue. The hand
eome drawing-rooma were decorated in
excellent taste with spring flowers, in
cluding many poppies and foliage. Three
hundred ladies were received and the tea
was a delightful affair. Those who assisted
Mrs. Merrill in receiving were: Mesdames
George F. Bowman, George Oulton, John
F. Swift, W. B. Harrington, Frederick
Hewlett, Horace Wilson, P. B. Cornwall,
Hearst. ¦
Misses Kate dement, Elsie Sperry, Pearl
Landers, Helen - Dean, Emily Wilson, Kthyl
Hager, Rose Hooper, Charlotte KUlnwood,
Elizabeth Center, Jean Nokes, Kate Brigham,
Gladys McClung, Marion Huntipgton, Alma
McClungr, Alice Brigham, Rutn Allen, Kathryn
Robinson, Marion Hells, Jessie Wright, , Jennie
Blair, Leontlne Blakeman,- Bernice Landers,
Alma Beatty, Mabel Landers, Maye Colburn,
Messrs. Bailey, Loughborough, May, Jones and
Mrs. Thomas iBishop, Mrs. ' fred Tallant, Mrs.
Polk, Mrs. McClung and Mrs. J. D. Tallant.
Drew, the eminent actor, was at
delightful affair. Covers were laid for
thirty-eight and . the appointments were
perfect in every detail. Purple iris pre
dominated for decoration at one table!
Another' table was in yellow, principally
tulips. The talented young actress made
many new friends and the afternoon was
most pleasantly spent. Among those pres
ent were:
nISS ELSIE TALLANT'S lunch
eon at the University Club yes
terday in. honor of Miss Louise
Drew, daughter of Mr. John
Entertainments were given last night by
Kildare, Antrim, Donegal, Sligo and
Cavan; Excellent programmes were ren
dered and the visitors were heartily wel
comed at the booths. At Donegal Mrs.
Robert Allen, wife of the leader of the
Iroquois. band, which has furnished the
music for the fair, . sang '.'Three-Leaved
Shamrock" and "Because' I Love You"
in very clever style. Miss Lottie Arm
strong sang a soprano solo, Mrs. Jennie
Robertson did a clever Irish character
sketch and Miss Mabel Phiefer and Miss
Edith Norton did some fancy dancing.
Part of Cavan booth's entertainment
consisted of a four-handed reel by Messrs.
O'Connor and Kelleher and Miss Bessie
Allen and Miss Pearl Hickman, Little
Lillie Quinn danced an Irish jig in a man
ner that won applause for Donegal booth.
The band concert to-night will.be com
menced by the playing of Mayor Schmitz's
march, the. "Yankee. Hustler."
Preparations will be made to-day for
entertaining the crowd to-night. This
morning the large platform in the middle
of the Pavilion which has been" used by
the dancers will be torn down. The. re
moval of this stand, besides furnishing
more room, will greatly aid the crowd
in moving about. There . will be no free
list to-night, and those who have enjoyed
free entrance to the * fair hitherto will
have to pay to witness the close.
At one time last night it was estimated
thai there were between 6000 and 7000 peo
ple in the Pavilion. During the evening
iully 10,000 people visited the fair. The
Young Ladies' Institute and -the Young
Men's Institute were specially invited,
and large delegations from both organi
zations were in attendance. Company L,
L»ea.gue of the Cross Cadets, which is
under the command' of Captain Frank H.
Moore, was awarded the medal last night
which it won by its clever drilling earlier
in the fair. Before the presentation took
place the company executed a number of
maneuvers in the lower part of the hall.
The' visitors will be afforded an oppor
tunity of enjoying the receptions at the
various booths. Because of the numerous
other attractions, the booths generally
have not been accorded the attention that
they deserve. All the booths are beau
tifully decorated, but unless one enters
them their chief attractions cannot be
seen. .
The Irish Fair, which has kept Mechanics'
Pavilion crowded nightly and which has
proved to be^ the most elaborate, enjoy
able, picturesque and successful festival
ever attempted in this - city, will be
brought to a close to-night. No special
programme has been arranged ¦, for the
evening, but each booth will keep open
house and hold a reception and entertain
ment. New features will be added to all
the attractions and the band has : pre
pared "a concert of special excellence. -It
is expected that the crowd to-night* to see
the curtain . rung down on the splendid
exhibition will tax Mechanics' Pavilion
to its greatest capacity.
Vast Throrg Is Expected to
'ITake Part in Closing
• • Exercises.
Booths grange Special
Programme for This
Evening.
IRISH FESTIVAL
HEARING AN END
THE SAN FKANCISGO CALL, SATURDAY; MAY 24, 1902.
Actor's Daughter Guest of Honor at Delightful
Affair Tendered by Miss Tallant— Ladies
of Polytechnic High School Give a Tea
MISS LOUISE DREW MAKES NEW
FRIENDS AT PLEASANT LUNCHEON
7
NEW . ADVERTISEMENTS.
OCEAN TEA VEL.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
A. R, Lewis, M. D., in a lengthy article
in the columns of the American Journal
of Health says concerning hair: "Its
deterioration is a constant source of wor-
riment to humanity, consequently bald
people are readily deceived by 'fake' hair
restoratives. The wish that a hair prepa-
ration will 'fill the bill' is father to the
fancy that it is likely to do so. A rare
case in point is that of Newbro's Herpi-
cide, which actually does 'fill the bill.' It
destroys the parasite that attacks the
hair root, and prevents dandruff, falling
hair and baldness." ¦ . r~^-':
Many Bald People.
That Became a Fact and Pleases
A POSSIBILITY
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Sold all over the world
No other soap in
the world is use^l so
much; or so little of
it goes so far.
I2Xf».50fPound^^^^ > honeBu.sh 5IO
™ E KONA KOFFEE K011PANY
*r Sole A^'enli ;':''
W5 StOCktOn St. n»rOe»ry5!
OPP--City of P*ri» Pry CoodJ Comp&tiy
L^ • *. Steamers leave Broadway
t^-^ ' Wharf. San Francisco:
IS&aH^. For Ketchlkan, Juneau,
t^*^^«*»*^ ' Skagway, etc., Alaska — 11 a.
i lfr$52il& m.. May 11. 16. 21. 28. 31.
: - WtevSBH W^ June 5. Changs to com-
BraWJHl pany's steamers at Seattle.
; r^SeSS&Pai For Victoria. Vancouver,
>*• Port Townsend. Seattle. Ta-
• ¦ <W| <S%- coma. ' Everett. Whatcom —
11 a. m.. May 11. 16. 21. 28. 31. June 5. Change,
at Seattle to this Company's steamers for Alas-
ka and G. N. Ry.; at Seattle or Tacoma to N.
P. Ry.: at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— 1:30 p. m..
May 12. 17, 22, 27. June 1. - .
For Los Angeles (via Port Los AngelM ana
Redondo), San Diego and Santa Barbara-
Santa Rosa, Sundays, 9 a. m.
State of California, Thursdays, 9 a. ra.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro), Santa Barbara. Santa Crua. Mon-
terey, San Simeon. Cayucos. San Luis ODispo
(via Port Harford). Ventura, Hueneme and
•Newport ('Bonita only).
Coos Bay. 9 a. m.. May 14. 22. 30. June- T.
Bonlta. 0 a. m.. May 10. 18. 26. June 3.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jos* del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Pax. Santa Bom-
Ha, Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. ; m., 7th each
month. -
For farther Information obtain folder, "-'•^v-;.
Right Is reserved to change steamers or sail'
Ing dates. ¦
TICKET A-pptCE— * New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
C. D. DUN ANN.. Gen. Pass. Agent.
GOODALL. PERKINS A CO.. Gen. Agents.
. 10 Market st., San Francisco.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
ALL UP-TO-DATE DRUGGISTS
Cures Piles, or $5O Forfeited.
No Mercury or Opiates.
ERUSA
k .^patents! j
For Stomach Disorders*
C out ancT Dyspepsia
DRINK ¦•'^•r^V. :.;¦::,:';
TO AUTHORS SEEKING A PUBLISHER —
Manuscripts in all branches of literature
suitable tor publication in book form, are re-
quired by an established house. Liberal terms
No charge for examination. Prompt attention
and honorable treatment. "BOOKS." box
141. The Herald. 23rd St.. New York. /
AMUSEMENTS.
Pacific Coast Steamship Ca
_FOR
NOME M
.,:.--";- leave Seattle!
SENATOR » P. M.. JUNE 1
VALENCIA.. ...9 P. M.. JUNE T
And fortnightly ' thereafter during the season.
Steamships CITY OF PUEBLA and QUEEN,
leaving San Francisco May 26 and May 31 re-
spectively, connect with above steamers. The
new and elegant steamshlDs Senator and Va-
lencia made regular trips to Nome last year.
landing all passengers and freight without loss,
mishap or delay. For passenger rates and Nome
folder, apply TICKET - OEPICE. * New
.Montgomery street (Palace Hotel).
CD. DUN ANN. Gen. Pass. Agent.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
220 BBOADWAT. N. T.
Best N AT U RAL Alkalinej Water
OCEAN TRAVEL.
ROSE SHOW.
Eighteenth Exhibit of the
California ¦:
State/ Floral Society
In the -
GRAND NAVE OF THE FERRY BUILDING,
San Francisco, .
THURSDAY, FRIDAY and SATURDAY, May
22. 23. 24. r *
10 a. m. to 10 p. m.
Music will be furnished every evening by
the Band from the U. 8. S. PENSACOLA.
ADMISSION. 25c.
AMERICAN LIXE.
NET7 YORK. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON.
Phlla .'. . .May 23, 10am St. Louis. June 11. 10am
St. Paul.. June 4, 10am Phlla ....June 13, 10am
RED STAR LIXE. ¦,;.
NEW YORK. ANTWERP. PARIS. \
Kenslngtn.May28. noonlFreesland.Junell.noon
ZeeIand...June 4. noon|Southwrk..Junel8, noon'
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
CHAS. P. TAYLOR.G.A.P.C..30 Montgom'y st.
BAY; AND EIVEB STEAMERS,
, Stramers : 6EN. FRISBIE • or ¦ MONTICELLO :
9:45 a. m.. 3:15 and 8:30 p. m.; except Sun-
day. . Sunday. 9:45 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. \ Leave**
Vallejo t a. m.. 12 :3O noon. " 6 ; p. '' m.. ¦¦ azeapC
Sunday. Sunday. 7 a. m.. 4:15 p.m. - Far* M
cents. Telephone ' Main - 1508. Landing andt .
office.' pier 2, MJsi ton-street dock. * HATCH
BROS. •:
OAKLAND -vs. SACRAMENTO.
. . RECREATION PARK.
Elehth and Harrison sts.
Advance Sale of Seals, S Stockton st.
BASEBALL,
-is CALIFORNIA LEAGUE GAMES. *
THURSDAY, FRIDAY AND SATURDAY.
t : 3:15 P.'M. ' ¦ -
SUNDAY. 2:30 P. M.
-First class to Havre.- $70 and upward. Second
class - to " Havre, $43 ¦ and upward. OENERAIi
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and i CAN-
ADA, - 32 . Broadway (Hudson building). New
York. - ' J. • F.~ FUOAZi - & CO.. Paclfio 1 Coast
Agents, ' S Montgomery ' avenue, San : Francisco.
Tickets sold by all > Railroad Ticket Agent*.
COMPAGNIE GENERALS THANSATLANTIQTJE.
LIKECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS,
balling every Thursday, Instead of
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from Pier 42. WMHa
North River, .: foot of • Morton street. . ¦.
. These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and i South American ' passenger service.'
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger office. 316 California-street.' '
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE .&. CO., Gen. Agents.
• To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican, Central
and- South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3, pier 10, 12 m.' . '..
PALENA . . . . ..June - 7iT.UCAPEL .... .July 19
AREQUIPA . ..June 27IGUATEMALA .Aug. - 6
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And Cia Sud Americana de Vapores
L d." SPRECKELS k BROS. CO., General Azts., 329 Market
Gen'l Pass, office," 643 Maifcet sl, Pier Ho. 7. Pacific St.
SS. ALAMEDA,-, for. Honolulu .. ...............
............ .....Saturday. May 31, 2 p. m.
SS. AUSTRALIA; for Tahiti.
;'..'. ;...'...' ...Sunday, June 0, 10 a. m:
SS.'. SIERRA, , for ' Honolulu, Samoa, Auckland
and Sydney.... Thursday.^JuneW, 10 a.^m.
Ib/»A2I"|Si> <st K (PA «>WA!!, SAMOA, HF>3
ONLY STEAMSHIP LINE TO
PORTLAND,: Or.,
And Short Rail Line From Portland to All
. Points East. Through Tickets to All
Points, all Rail. or. Steamship and Rail, at
. IiOwkst jEt^vacasjsi. .
Steamer Tickets Include Berth and Meals.
SS. COLUMBIA Sails... May 23, June 2. 12. 23
ES. GEO. W. ELDER Sails
:... ......May 18. 28. June 7. 17
Steamer sails from foot of Spear st., 11 a. m.
D. W. HITCHCOCK. Gen. Agt. 1 Mong"y. S. F.
O.R.& N. CO,
PLYMOUTH— CHERBOURG— HAMBURG.
Columbia June KIF. Bismarck. ..June 23
A. Victoria... '.June 17[ Columbia .July 3
TWIX-SCREW PASSENGER SERVICE
PLYMOUTH-^-CHERBOURG— HAMBURG.
Pretoria' ......June 71 Moltke ........June 10
Vic. Luise June lOjPatrlcia June 17
Hamburg-American Line. 3T B'way, N. Y.
HERZOG & CO.. General Agents for Paclflo
Coast. 401 California St.. San Francisco.
jiamburg-Jtmericcm:
TWIX-SCREW EXPRESS SKRVTCE.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p.m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, callln* at
Kobe (Hiog-o), Nagasaki and Shanghai ' and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
SS. AMKRICA MARU.
Friday. June 6. 1903
ES. HONGKONG MARU.
Saturday. June 28. 1902
SS. NIPPON MARU.. Thursday. July 24. 1902
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. • For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVER Y. General Agent.
TOYO RISEN KAISHA.
¦\J. S. MAIL ROUTE.
"IjkNOIVIE
|psiE&<a SA | L!NCS>
MTBEM COMmCIAL CO.
Will dispatch Its first-class steamers, carrylax
United States malls, tor '
NOME and ST. MICHAEL DIRECT
'-< : ;Vi 'fi.'j':-. Follows i ; . .~-~r;'-.
From San Francisco-
S. S DORA...... I........ TUESDAY. May 20
S. S. ST. PAUL... .........Juna 3
S. S. PORTLAND........ July 1
From Seattle-
S. S. OHIO Jon* 3
S. S. INDIANA ......Jon* 7
Connecting at Norn* | with steamer S*ldle.
carrying United States mall, for Teller and
Candle Creek, and steamer Dora for Bluff City.
Golovin and St. Michael, and connecting; at St.
Michael with the company's river steamers for
Dawaon, Koynkuk and all Yukon. River point*.
For freight and passage apply to \ * .
NORTHERN COMMERCIAL CO..
. 643 'Market st., San Francisco.
! Or EMPIRE TRANSPORTATION CO. #
Puyet Boand Agent. Seattle. Wash.
WOMAN'S POWER
Perf ection of Form, Feature, and
Mind Render Women All-Power-
_ ful. Health, However, the Great-
est Charm.
'¦:•" "Woman's greatest gift 'is thepo-werto inspire admiration, respect, v
and*- love.'. There is a beauty in health which is more attractive to men
than mere regularity of features. .
The snap and spirit which health gives to the eye, the movement,;
and the speech are full of magnetism.
Sickly women can't understand this.
- They only know that they are miserable, and their efforts to be
attractive are languid and weak.
Woman's influence in the world is limited by her strength, and the
strength of health is real strengths -f^.
It brings with v it beauty and grace and loveliness of disposition.
To be a successful wife, to retain the love and admiration of her
husband, should be a woman's constant study. If she would be all she
may, she must guard well against the signs of ill health. y, ; '.,
p^:. Regular and painless menstruation is absolutely necessary.
The help which Ijytlia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound gives
to women who are attacked by any disorder of the feminine organism ia.^ .
real, permanent help. It cures all weaknesses of the organs and makes
it possible for women to retain their health and beauty to maturity. .
Mrs. Piakliam advises women "who are ill free of cost. Address
. her at Lynn, Mass. Thousands owe their health to her.
¦ ' * ¦ ' i ' ' '¦¦¦. ' ¦ ' ' * '< < ;<
'. A Boston Woman's Experience.
"Deab Mrs. Pinkham: — I feel very grateful to you for the benefit I
derived from your kind advice and remedies. I was troubled -with a compli-
cation of female troubles, had ovaritis, painful and irregular menstruation,
leucorrhoea, nervousness and weakness. I had no appetite and could not •
sleep nights. The leftst exertion would cause shortness of breath and, dull
pains in my hips and side. The doctors all advised me to have an operation
and have one of ray ovaries .removed, but this I could not bear to think of. I
¦was induced to try X.ydia, E.' Pinkham's Vegetable Compound, and
after taking the first bottle I was much improved. It renewed my appetite,
health and strength. I continued taking it, also your Blood Purifier and
Sanative Wash until entirely cured of all my troubles- The pains have never
returned and my health is splendid. Your remedies have been a boon to me
and 'I am sure many a woman owes her life to them." — Mabib Webb, 356
Columbus Ave., Boston, Mass. (March 15, 1901.)
No other medicine in the world has received such widespread
and unqualified endorsement. "
No other medicine has such a record of cures j of female
troubles or such hosts of grateful friends. Remember this "when
you go to buy: Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound.
' S AbAiAA REWARD. — We hare deposited with the National City Bank of Lynn, 15000,
3 IrtilnaBl whicli will be paid to any person who can find that the above testimonial letter
i Jn» * J§Srt3a i3 not aennine, or was published before obtaining tho writer's special per-
I UUUVV mission. Lydia E. Pinkham Medicine Co.. Xynn, Maaa.
£iS^»|&j?I r AKIvERS ;!
Bllf~^13 6ALSASV9 ;i
j | Promotes the growth of the hair and ! '
!j gives It tlie lustre and sUklness ol youth. ; !
'•When the hair Is gray or faded It <
|! BRINGS BACK THE YOUTHFUL COLOR. !
\\ It prevents Dandruff and hair falling ]
< ; and keeps the scalp clean and healthy. \ !
(f*ftl IIUflBlA m FRACSCQ'S
WUkUlflBtlH LEADING THEATRE
MATINEE TO-DAY.
To-Night Last Time.
CHARLES FROHMAN Presents
JOHN DREW
And His Company in His Greatest Success,
THE SECOND IN COMMAND
By Ecbert Mirsfe&ll, author of "A Roj-il Family."
Beginning KKXT MONDAY.
KATHRYN KIDDER,
In an Elaborate Revival of David Garrick's
Immortal Comedy
"THE COUNTRY GIRL."
Prices next Monday and thereafter $1 50 to 25c
BEATS NOW SELLING.
MATINEES TO-DAY AXD TO-MORROW.
FAREWELL TWO NIGHTS OF
EDU/ARD HARRIGAN
In His Greatest Success,
"OLD LAVENDER."
We«k Beginning MONDAY EVENING NEXT.
Notable Starrinc Engagement of
r MAUDE FEALY
I In the OriKlnal Version of
"THE LITTLE MINISTER."
POPULAR PRICES— 10c. 15c. 25c. 50c. 75c.
Good Orchestra Seats All Matinees 25c.
~~~ — — — — — — — —
MATINEE TO-DAY. SATURDAY. May 24.
Parquet, any seat, 25c; Balcony. 10c;.ChIl-
oren, any part except reserved, 10c.
vaudevilleTsurprisesi
8 Picchiaai Sisters; Midgley and
Carlisle; Lotta Gladstone; Little
Elsie, and Dooley and F0WI57.
Last times of Lew Sully; Mr. and
Mrs. Kelcy; Kelly and Kent, and
Miss Chester's Statue Dog.
BVENINGS AT, 8 SHARP! .
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 SHARP!
THE MOST POPULAR MAIDEN IN TOWN.
THE
SINGING GIRL
Coming — To Charm Everybody,
••THE TOY MAKER."
POPULAR PRICES 25c. 80c and 75c
Telephone^ — Bush 9. ' '.'¦' ' ''
BELA&CO **»Yr5A!LE& <^ggpt$3L
MATINEE TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW.
TO-NIGHT AND SUNDAY— LAST NIGHTS.
Magnificent Production of the Famous Melo-
drama.
Woman Against Woman
A Powerful Play— A Great Cast.
First Appearances Here the Brilliant Actress,
MISS FPI.NNY McINTYRE.
tpifCC Evenings. 10c to 60c
Ifilvw Matinees ....10c, 15c, 25c
Nert Week "HANDS ACROSS THE SEA."
MATINEE DECORATION DAY. May 30.
FISCHER'S THEATER |
O'Farrell, bet. Stockton and Powell Sts.
Telephone Main 23L
WILL YOU I THIS
COME | AFTERNOON
"FIDDLE DEE DEE"
VTlll draw e crowd that is worth going- miles
to see!
Or come to-night and see the usual line of
& hundred carriages at our very doors.
KOLB, DILL. BERNARD. BLAKE, HERM-
t SEN and AMBER. GALLICK and our fascinat-
ing, captivating exchanting' chorus.
Night prices. 25c and 50c Saturday and
Sunday Matinees, 25c.
¦Will you think of the Decoration Day Mati-
nee on Friday, May 30?
MATINEE TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW.
THE PRESS SINGS PRAISES OP
The BRIXTON BURGLARY.
Examiner — "A clean and diverting London
farce."
Call — "No end of laughable complications."
Chronicle — "All can find enjoyment in the
Brixton Burglary."
Bulletin — "Its humor is Irresistible."
Pott — "A laugh every minute."
SPECIAL MONDAY— BROWNE'S JUVENILE
FLORODORA SEXTET.
EXTRA MATINEE DECORATION DAT.
FRIDAY. MAY 30.
; LAST TIMES — TO-NIGHT.
SOUVENIR MATINEE TO-DAY.
MR, JAMES NEILL
AND COMPANY
In August in Daly's Amusing Comedy
THE LOTTERY OF LOVE.
"'. BARGAIN*"* * EVERY " "
: MATINEE " THURSDAY. •
: 25c and 60c. :
To-morrow Nirtit, Sol Smith Russell's Great-
:'¦: '¦.'.-'. e«t Comedy Success,
"A BACHELOR'S ROMANCE."
SEATS READY.
Next-^THE RED KNIGHT."
THE CHUTES
Fulton Street and Tenth Avenue.
TAKE THE CHILDREN TO-DAY!
VAUDEVILLE EVERT AFTERNOON AND
EVENING. -
BACON AND VANE: BYRNE AND WEST:
MAUDE AND GLADYS SORENSEN: JACK
6YMONDS: PF-TCHING BROTHERS;
GRANT GRANT, and NEW MOVING
A Host of Attractions ontha Grounds.
RIDE THE MILE SCENIC RAILWAY.
Admission 10c Children. .Be
- Phone for Seats — Park 23.
PflTora Desirable location.
JL U1UWV unsurpassed cuisine,
j u n equaled ser-
/{fiH " ce an( * modern
UilU conveniences are the
r t attributes that have
¦If 51 tin made these two ho-
UlCUlU tels popular with.
O it tourists and travel-,
nATPlC €rs who visit San
UULWla Francisco.OFFICERS OF THE EMPLOYING PRINTERS' ASSOCIATION. WHICH
WILL HOLD ITS ANNUAL OUTING AND PICNIC TO-DAY IN MIRA
: v BEL, PARK, SONOMA COUNTY, h \ . , .~ f . ..^ ., "^'^^£ ¦¦'.'-'¦
¦ DUBLIN. May 23. — The squadron of German
warships commanded by Prince Henry of
Prussia called from Kingstown to-day for Kiel.
Prohibition Alliance No. 8 met last night
at Fair Oaks Hall, 20 Eddy street, and tho
following members were elected to the
standing committees: Resolutions. E. A.
Chapman; permanent organization. Dr.
"Wyckoff; credentials. "W. J. Barnes. A
district convention will be held next Fri
day at 2 p. m. in Oakland. The alliances
of Oakland, Alameda, San Francisco,
Vallejo and San Jose will be represented
in the convention. The officers of the San,
Francisco Alliance are: President. E. P.
Fintelman: vice president. Mrs.Taymdon;
chaplain. Dr. wyckoff; treasurer, E. A.
Chapman; marshal, "W. H. Evans.
Meeting of Prohibition Alliance,
Crulkshank. Miss Barnum sang "Chanson
Provencal e," by request.
The merry-makers will leave Tiburon
ferry at 9 o'clock this, morning. They
will travel to the park on the Northwest
ern Railway Company's trains. Special
provision has been made to accommodate
a large crowd. 7 *"t>^
make it ¦ a success. An excellent pro
gramme of games has been prepared and
prizes of all kinds procured for distribu
tion. A leading band will discourse lively
music In the dance hall.
The" quickest and most convenient war la
and out of the Yosemite Valley la by way ot
the Santa Fe- If you leave San Francisco to
day at 0 a. m. on the California Limited you
are in Yosemite to-morrow -at 5 p. m.
Call af Santa Fe ticket office. 841 Market
street, for illustrated pamphlet and full par
ticulars. *
Yosemite Via the Santa Fe.
A report from the Machinists* Union was
received to the effect that the Federal
Government contemplated the immediate
construction of three warships and that
one of them would be built at Mare Isl
and.
The Milk Drivers* Union reoorted that
the Boston Ranch and Pacific Dairy, op
erated by George L. Purham, was unfair.
The matter was referred to the executive
committee.
Secretary Rosenberg was granted two
weeks' leave at absence with full pay.
Florence Kelly addressed the council
upon the subject of the National Con
sumers' League, of which she is secre
tary, her object being to impress upon
all women the need of urging that cloth-
Ing bought by them should bear the
stamp of the league to indicate that the
same was made under proper hygienic
conditions.
The brotherhood men say they will hold
out against the policy of P. H. McCarthy
to the last unless he agrees that local
unions have a legal right to affiliate with
their national organizations. They claim
the right to earn a living at their trade,
even tnough they do not work with the
building trades card in their pocket. Tha
Building Trades Council declines to let
any men of its affiliated unions work with,
any mechanic who has not its working
card, and this is the main cause of the
trouble.
The various unions of the building*
trades are greatly dissatisfied with tho
existing state of affairs and the con
tractors believe that with their co-oper
ation the trouble will sbon be settled.
The San Francisco Labor Council adopt
ed the following resolution anent the
Philippines, reported by ,the executive
committee: . ";I -
Whereas, Information about the Philip
pine Islands given to the American people in
reluctant driblets shows a condition tco bad
to be permitted even In, the Philippines; and
whereas, It appears there is at present neither
power nor Inclination, to stop these islands
from being used as a bridge over which Chi
nese may come into the United States main
land; therefore, be it ___,.
Resolved, That the San Francisco Labor
Council, in regular session assembled. May 23,
1902, is opposed to any legislation about tha
Philippines being enacted until the public may
know the real conditions in those Islands, and
the real status of their Inhabitants under our
flar. ;
The gravity of the situation is recog
nized by all the men connected with the
building industry. Owing to the disagree
ment the construction of many large
buildings is held in abeyance at a great
loss to laboring men. mechanics and con
tractors. Prospective builders, recogniz
ing that their structures may be held up
at any time, decline to take risks until
peace between the rival factions ha3 been
declared. The contractors are hopeful
that with their co-operation the trouble
will be satisfactorily adjusted.
A committee of the Builders' Protec
tive Association will meet with the new
district council of the Brotherhood of Car
penters to-night with a view to arranging
some plan by which the troubles between
the brotherhood unions and the Building
Trades Council may be adjusted.
Labor Council Opposed to
Hasty Philippine Legis
lation.
Dispute of - { Carpenters
to Be Subject of
Conference.
BUILDEHS URGE
EARLY PEACE
Annual Picnic of the^ Craft Promises ''to Be a
Big Success-— Spetial Provision Is Made
to Accommodate a; Large Crowd
EMPLOYING PRINTERS TO ENJOY
DAY'S OUTING AT MIRABEL PARK
• SAN DIEGO. May 23.— The training * ship
Alert has Rrrived in port. She will remain
hero until r-.ext Tuesday, when she will' leave
for Monterey and then .- on ; to Puget Sound,
where she will spend the remainder of the time
of the cruire ¦with her,; present set of. appren
tices ••' She will return to San Francisco about
the middle of August and take on a new lot of
boys to train. '
Brobeck took for his subject. "South
Africa and the Boers, From 1835 to the
Present Date." He spoke of their family
life, their fighting powers, their endur
ance and the pluck they had shown in the
defense of their country against the Brit
ish in the present war. ¦
An interesting lecture was given last
night in the Gymnasium • Hall of .the
Young Men's Hebrew Association, at 305
Larkin street, by Assistant District At
torney \Y. I. Brobeck.
LectuTe on • the Boers.
Lavishly adorned with bandages and
ccurtplaster. he told his story i to one of
the society officials yesterday. . Secretary
White reports that an Investigation will
be made, and if the case warrants the
children at least will be taken to some
Institution where they may receive proper
care. - - - - . *• *-
Through the mediation of mutual
friends the couple were reconciled recent
ly and Mrs. Peake returned home It lq
alleged that she persuaded Peake to draw
what money he had from the Union Iron
Works, where he was employed, and that
one day while he was at work she left
unexpectedly with the money, two chil
dren, the family, provisions and about- all
ot his personal belongings. He thoue-ht
that he had located her in the house"! a
Mrs. Bernard at 2868 Twenty-second
street, but when . he went to search for
her a crowd of men assailed and shame
fully beat him.
Secretary White of the Society for the
Prevention of Cruelty to Children reports
that W. J. Peake, a boiler-maker; resid
ing at 490 Linden avenue, is in a sad con
dition as a result of the flight of his do
mestic happiness, impersonated in his
wife, two children and his household be
longings, combined with the strenuous
treatment he received from. an unknown
number of men who beset him just as he
was about to capture the former part
ner in his sorrows and -joys.
It is alleged that Peake and the lost
Mrs.- Peake have had serious difficulties
lor several years past. A few months ago
one of the Police Judges was called upon
to restore harmonyi in the family
efforts provided only temporary 'relief
however, and a few weeks ago Mrs. Peake
sought another home. , -,->¦:¦¦ \ ,
Wife Deserts With Children and Be
.' longings and Her Supposed
Friends B?at Him.
National Union Initiation.
The San Francisco Cabinet of the Na
tional Union paid an official visit last
night to Union Council in Red Men's
Building.* Work In the initiatory degree
was exemplified by a teaA under the di
rection of A. K. Klngsford, president of
California Council. The ttoree degrees of
the order were given in the amplified
form Every officer taking part was let
ter perfect and the several charges; were
most impressively delivered, while the
dramatic work was a marvel of perfecN
ness. The music incidental to the* cere
mony was by a quartet and added much
to the beauty of the initiation. The at
tendance "was . large and after the cere
monies there was congratulation for those
who composed the team. The principal
address on behalf of the visiting cabinet
was delivered by George H.rBahrs. : ¦
Post-Street Improvement Club.-
The regular monthly meeting of > the
Post Street Improvement Club was held
last night and arrangements were made
to have sixteen arc lights suspended on
Post street ' between Montgomery . and
Powell streets. It was r.lso decided to
contract for the monthly issue of 10 000
pamphlets calling attention to the many
attractive and business features of Posr
street. • • - ; ,; Vj,:°^
The Iroquois Club held its weekly meet
ing last night in Pythian Castle, 909 Mar
ket street. Eight new members were In
itiated, bringing the membership up to
743. The club will , remove to new head
quarters at 32 Ellis street, : next, July.; : •
Iroquois Club Meets.
Pupils Give Musical Recital.
A musical recital was given last evening
at the Cogswell Polytechnic College at
the corner of Twenty-sixth, and Folsom
streets by the pupils of the -music class,
The following programme was success
fully, and pleasantly rendered: Grand
galop, on' two pianos, Miss Taylor and
Miss Barnum; vocal solo. Miss Stella
Mariani; piano . solo, Miss Florence
Moran; vocal solo. Miss Elsie Burrington'
Polonaise, Miss Miriam Thomas; vocal
eolo.Miss Anna McLea; sonate. Mlsa Flor
ence Moran, ;- vocal solo,. Anna' McLea ¦
piano solo, Miss Antoinette Taylor; aria
Miss Elsie Burrington; "La Baladlne," ori
two pianos, Miss ". Barnum and Mrs
TRENTON, N. J.. May 23.— The Valdez,
Copper River and Yukon Railroad Company
capital $2,4(10.000. was incorporated here to
day. The company will build a railroad in
Alaska.
¦__'¦¦ ¦¦
There was a large attendance at the en
tertainment and dance given in Odd Fel
lows' Hall last evening by the Columbia
Minstrel Company. • The programme ren
dered was greatly enjoyed. A musical
burlesque entitled "A Man From Frisco,
written by W. W. Brackett, was extreme
ly funny. The cast was as follows:
Harold Mortimer Fltzhugh. Nit Not. the Man
From Frisco, also the Hero. . Dan G. Coleman .
James Fierceman; the Villain, Joseph Fisher;
Macaroni Spaghetti, the Dago A. Fisher,
Mrs. Nit Not, the Mother, Melvills Stokes; Mr.
Nic Naca, the Curio Hunter; Louis A. Colton;
Tom Stealeverythins. the Burglar. Victor A.
Hancock; Percy Astorbilt. the Dude. F. A. Griff-
Ing; Francois* Surething. the Hotel Man, L.
McAulifte; Mr. Get-the-dough, who sells cur
ios J C. Daly; the Bride, Miss Eva Loughren.
Lydla PInkham, Miss Gertie Ingham ; Carrie
Nation Miss Florence English; Laura Jean
Libby? Miss Daisy Still: Ella Wheeler Wilcox.
Miss Alice English (the four little girls w«
read about); Fritz Llmburger. W. W. Brackett;
Heramn Pretzel: A. Brogi; Uadore Rosenburg.
Jack Harris; Hooligan, W. B. Payne (four very
bad men). Place, Petaluma; time, yesterday;
reason, -none; the answer, two apples. ¦
ance of "A Man From Frisco"
at Odd Fellows' Hall. \ .
Amateurs Give a Creditable Perform-
COLUMBIA MINSTRELS
PRODUCE A BURLESQUE
NEARLY every printer in this city
will take a holiday to-day and
journey to Mirabel Park, So
noma County. The annual pic
nic given under the auspices of
the Employing Printers* Association is
the event and these outings are always
well attended. The committee in charge
of this year's picnic has worked hard to
"It is a fact." said Curtis, "that the
food furnished at the City and County
Hospital is of poor quality, and. the insti
tution should be allowed an increased ap
propriation."
D'Ancona thought the hospital should
have $120,000 yearly, and his .colleagues
agreed with him.
"There is only one other way of raising
the money." said Payot. "and that is to
raise the liquor license. I am in favor of
raising the license away up." *
"I do not agree with you on that score,"
said Supervisor Alpers.
Curtis held that if the licenses were
raised the Police Department would want
the money.
"The only Supervisor who is against the
extra levy is Sanderson," said Payot, "but
I think he is amenable to reason."
Alpers Eaid that he would do a little
missionary work with Sanderson.'
The Supervisors' Health and Hospital
Committee held an informal discussion
yesterday over Curtis' proposed ordinance
to levy a special tax of 7^4 cents to build
a new ' City and County Hospital. The
Judiciary Committee was to have met in
joint session on the question, but none of
its members were present.
Supervisors Payot and Alpers expressed
themselves in favor of the special levy not
only for, a hospital, but for new schools.
D'Ancona. suggested that a tax of 5 cents
each for hospital and schools be levied,
but his colleagues held that it would not
raise sufficient funds. ' .VV' ;
Favor of Proposition.
Members of Supervisors' Hospital
Committee Express Themselves in
FAVORS SPECIAL TAX
FOR A NEW BUILDING
In 1S79 he came to San Francisco and
secured employment in the printing de
partment of The Call. There he spent
two years and then accepted a like posi
tion on the Examiner. While there he
contributed articles that met with the ap
proval of the men in the editorial depart
ment. In the absence of the regular base
ball reporter. Dressier was given the as
signment and acquitted himself so well
that he was transferred to the "local"
department. His articles on the games
were read with keen interest. He pos-
COMES TO SAN FRANCISCO.
'V >\ '" V- •*,-.-''
NEWSPAPER men of this city
deeply mourn the death of Wil
liam De Mott Dressier, city edi
tor of the Examiner, who passed
away at 7 o'clock ' yesterday
morning in the Lane Hospital, after a
week's illness. He was a kindly man,
beloved by all who knew him, and his
untimely taking off has thrown a mantle
of gloom over the newspaper offices of
San Francisco. Mr. Dressier was gener
ous to a fault, courteous in his treatment
of others and faithful to every trust Im
posed in him. v' .
Deceased enjoyed the confidence and'
friendship of men in every walk of life.
By his kindly ways and honorable actions
he endeared himself to all. He bore his
sufferings calmly and bravely. He re
lieved the sufferings of others. With
generosity he brightened many a home
and made it brighter by contributing the
necessaries of life.
Mr. Dressler's career, as a newspaper
man was an interesting one. His first
i experience on a paper was when he en
j tered the employ of his uncle. William
j De Mott, who owned the Oroville Mercury. !
: Dressier was only 13 years of age, but he
bravely took up the struggle of life to
| support his widowed mother. He started
I in as a printer, anS while working at the
case he gave evidence of possessing lit
erary ability. His articles brightened the
I paper and the praise he received did' not
I turn his head, but spurred him on to re
newed endeavors. '\:->.
W. J. PEAKE IS BESET
WITH MANY TROUBLES
The. honorary pall-bearers will be: E
C. Simpson, city editor of the Chronicle;
C. H. Warren, managing editor of the
Post; Dent H. Robert, managing editor
of the Examiner; T. T. W r illiams, business
manager, of the Examiner; Al Murphy
J. H. N. Irwin and" Max Newberry, of the
Examiner staff: Robert A. Smyth, sport
ing editor of The Call; Attorney General
Tirey L. Ford, Louis F. Glass, Louis
Sloss Jr., M. A. Newell. Samuel H. Dan
iels, Peter J. Dunne, James P. Dunne
Samuel Doucett of Honolulu, and John
Bryant and Andrew F. Smith, represent
ing San Francisco Typographical Union
The remains were removed to the home
of W.. F. Bogart, cashier of the Examin
er, who lives at 888 Haight street. The
funeral will be held to-morrow after
noon. The. pall-bearers and the most in
timate friends of the -deceased will meet
at the house at 11:30 and take carriages
to Odd Fellows 1 Cemetery. The friends
of deceased will meet on the steps of the
chapel at the cemetery and services of a
simple character will be held. Rev. Brad
ford Leavitt, pastor of the First Unitar
ian Church, will deliver a prayer and Ed
ward J. Livernash, a colleague, will pay
a tribute to the dead.
FUNERAL ARRANGEMENTS.
On Friday last he was attacked with
stomach trouble and was compelled to
seek his apartments at 914 Geary street.
Dr. Rosencranz, his regular physician,
was called in and at once perceived hi.?
patient was in a precarious condition.
He immediately called Doctors Gallwey
and O'Brien into consultation. They ad
vised Mr. Dressler's removal to the Lane
Hospital. His condition grew worse and
it was found necessary to perform an op
eration, which was done on Thursday
afternoon by Dr. Vowinckle, assisted by
Drs. Rosencranz, O'Brien and Caldron.
The patient gradually grew weaker and
weaker, however, until death ended his
sufferings.
Some eight or ten years ago Mr. Dress
ier was in danger of succumbing to con
sumption. He was prevailed upon to take
a vacation and after a few months in
Arizona he gained health and strength
and was able to come back and renew his
duties. ¦ '«.
When the Hawaiian islands were en
nexed Dressier was sent by the Exam
iner to report the historic ¦ .events that
took place in Honolulu; His.v descriptions
were graphic and he merited the praise
that was showered on him. On his return
he again took up the work of .assistant
city editor, and a few years ago he was
again promoted to the position he occu
pied at the time of his death.
GOES TO HONOLULU.
sessed a vein of rare humor and he instilled
it into his reports of the game. His fame
spread, and during the popular- days of
the game he was constantly in attertd
ance. Interest in the game declined after
f. time and Dressier took up other work.
He displayed the same versatility in
handling assignments of all kinds. : '.-V.
His ability was recognized by his su
periors and Dressier was appointed assist
ant city editor. In that position he
brought the same powers to bear on' his
arduous task. -.-. '.;'.,-.
WIDELY KNOWN AND POPULAR
NEWSPAPER MAN WHO HAS
JOINED THE GREAT MAJORITY.
The excursion will leave Visalia at 7:30
o'clock to-morrow morning for Exeter
From there they will be driven to Lind
say and thence they will go by rail to
Porterville, arriving at 4:50 o'clock.
Among the excursionists, all of whom
commiserate with the 100 business houses
that signed but forgot to send representa
tives, are the following: A. H. Vail, John
Gilmartin. Milton Heyneman, Charles
Brown, Alex W. Well, Henry G. Meyer,
E. C. Rowland and wife, J. Goldman
George W. Ade, J. B. Jones, Eugene G
Davis. E. B. Cushman and A. G. Towne
all of San Francisco. Mrs. Xewhall and
A. C. Darby of San Jose, Park Fellows
and E. P. Meyers ef Oakland and W. M
Harding of Boston.
Refreshments were served at small
tables on the stage and dancing was en
joyed until a late hour. Among those who
assisted in the reception were: Mrs
George Stewart, Mrs. D. E. Perkins, Mrs.
B. M. Maddox, Mrs. L. Lawrence, Mrs
A. Grant, Mrs. Theo Loventhal, Mrs.
Anna Mills Johnson, Mrs. Frank Kim
ball, Mrs. W. R. Spalding. Miss Heath
Evans. Mrs. Charles Wilcox, Miss Edna
Butz and Miss Bliss.
FEASTING AND DANCING.
A reception was given in Armory Hall
to-night. The hall was elaborately decor
ated with bunUng and greens and a
wealth of flowers. An opening address
was made by Susman Mitchell and an
address of welcome by E. C. Farnsworth.
A musical programme r/as rendered as
follows: Vocal quartet, Mrs. W. H. Ham
mord, Mrs. John Cutler, Mrs. Mollie.Bur
land and Miss Cora Bequette; instrumen
tal quartet. Miss Matfoe Brown. Miss
Helen Brown, Miss Daisy Farrow and
Mrs. Fisher; solo, Mrs. John Cutler: solo
Charles Griffith.
During the hour spent in sightseeing
the visiLors learned more about tnis enter
prising community and its solid industries
than couid have- been impressed upon
them in days, of persistent "promotion"
v."oik at their San Francisco otnees. They
saw. great orchards of prunes, peaches,
apricuis and pears, not measured in acre
luals. Out stretching away in 4O"J-acre
nacis. They saw prune groves with the
trees bending to tne point of breaking
uiitier their too plentiful load of half
tjrown fruit, and other trees with the
uuit scientifically thinned until the
trouno beneath was covered by the green
pellets and but one-fourth remained on
i he trees. They saw a dozen irrigating:
Unches from the Kaweah brimming full,
but carrying their wealth-creating water.s
cii to tne dry land beyond, for the or
chards of Visalia are on moist land and
nt-ed no irrigation. There were meadows
cf luxuriant alfalfa and pastures wit.li
hundreds of sleek cattle grazing; and
mere were still left tor the strangers to'
admire groves of the magniticenc oaks
that once covered the valley.
in Visalia proper the* guests were
shown the industries that go to make up
a live town, and streets and schools and
nomes of which the residents are justiy
proud.
VISIT PKOVES INSTRUCTIVE.
V1SALIA. May 23.— The Tulare County
citrus excursion party reached Visalia at
5 o'clock this afternoon and was given a
reusing welcome by the citizens. Hun-
Oieds were gathered at the station to
greet the strangers and the Visalia band
played its best. Mayor Harry Levlnsoii,
Afceemblyman from Tulare, welcomed the
excursionists, who were then taken in
carriages for a drive among the orcS^rds
end groves of this vicinity.
The party, composed largely of San
Francisco business men, left the metropo
lis at b o'clock this morning. At Niles a
lew from San Jose were pictted'up. After
z. pleasant run up the beautiful Livermore
Valley and over the divide into the less
favored country of the western slope of
the San Joaquin Valley, Newman was
n-ached at noon and luncheon was had.
beyond Newman a trip of some fifty
iniies through an alkali waste fitted the
excursionists for full appreciation of the
fertility of the country beyond it. Kings
Itiver and its fringe of oaks and meadows
and the deciduous fruit district arouna
Armoca. and l-ianford, with trees groan
ing under their loads of truit yet smail
bi*<l gieen. ioiiowed in succession as must
1-itating contrasts.
U ne tram was met at Newman by J. F.
Hixson of Fresno, division freignt and
li-fcifenger agent for tne southern Paciric,
who took personal charge of the excur
sion. At Uoshen a committee from Vi
taiia composed of William Kettner.
.Harry AlcCiure and W. J. Harris met the
county's guests. Among the citizens of
\ it=alia who drove the visitors aoout after
the ai rival here were Ben Maddox, Sus
rnan Mitchell, Harry Levinson, William
ivcttr.er, Myer Iseman, A. G. Wishon,
John F. Jordan, W. H. Moffett and W. B.
Nichols.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
L. M. King of the Merchants* Associa
tion asked that $125,000 be set aside for ac
cepted streets and the removal of cobble
stones, also that the county roads be
made passable. He advised the putting of
all'overhead wires underground. The as
sociation, he said, favored such an in
crease in the police force as would give
protection to all sections of the city
n E ; £ ,F al ? y> the Golden
Gate Valley Improvement Club, asked for
increased police protection In that district
an 5 f ! 5? 5°£ more lights. Robert King
asked that Dorland street be graded. Ed
gar Painter, secretary. of the North Cen
tral Improvement Association, urged that
accepted streets be repaved U1|seu lnal
The board adopted a resolution recom
mending that the Auditor, allow former
Deputy Justices' Clerks B. P. Byers, jh
Roxburgh and G. F. Aubertlne two-th'irds
of their salary claims, amounting to re
spectively $282 25. $139 80 and $139 80
J. F. Cowdery protested against the pe
tition of the Board of Works to be al
lowed $12,000 for private lot surveys.
Captain A. H. Payson of the Atchison,
Topeka and Santa Fe Railway Company
agreed to pay half the cost of a bridge
across Channel street at the foot of Third.
He asked that the city appropriate $20,000
and the company will contribute $20,000
this year toward the erection of the
bridge.
Interested property owners asked that
Duncan street be extended at a cost of
$12,000; several citizens requested that
Buena Vista Park be improved at a cost
of $35,000.
A. P. Van Duzer asserted that some of
the emergency hospitals could be abol
ished and the -saving. In • salaries would
give sufficient money to repave Valencia
street from Eighteenth to Thirtieth. Van
Duzer objected to the item of $2000 to pay
the old Panhandle Commission, which he
said had been declared-, illegal by. the
courts. He also held that the appropria
tion of $56,000 for; Janitors 'was in excess
cf the work done. He thought $6000 should
be lopped off there and $1400 taken from
the Bureau of Architecture. Van Duzer
further believed that the $65,000 for street
repairing should be increased three-fold.
ASK FOR IMPROVEMENTS.
The budget shows i $255,266 less for im
provements this year than.' last," said
Center, "yet the 'Bureau of Engineering
gets $60,000,. or $12,000 more than the Audi
tor recommended. This shows a mass of
money to be spent by the Board of Public
Works without any results, and it seems
to be getting : worse all the time. It is
your duty to go over this budget carefully
and cut down some of the items. You will
then have money for public, improve
ments." . . ¦ ' ' .
William Fahey, president of the Fifth
street Improvement Club,- urged the . re
paving or -Fifth -street -from Folsom to
.Bryant with bituminous rock.
William J. Herrin,' representing the Lar
kln-street Improvement' Club, pleaded for
the "repavinarf"6f '-Laxkln street with
bitumen from} Market to Bush at a cost
of $23,800. ¦ , " : x .. ;¦
George Center, representing the Mission
Improvement Clubs, stated that it. was the
desire of his organization to have money
provided for improvements. ,
The University, Mound and Bay View
Improvement Club asked for a new
schoolhouse.
! Edward Ewaid and A. E. Burkman, rep
resenting the Sunset district, petitioned
for street improvements in that district,
as -private enterprise contemplated large
building operations!
The board heard 'a large number of citi
zens, property owners and representatives
of various improvement cluos regarding
the appropriations in the budget. The
board was urged to provide for many im
provements not specified in the recom
mendation of the Finance Committee, but
action on the petitions was postponed.
CITIZENS DISCUSS BUDGET.
Commissioner. .Hutton said that the
charter had never been complied with; In
that it provided for one polipeman in
every 500 ot population, whicn would give
700, patrolmen to the department. , ¦¦'
. Mve men are now doing seven men's
work," said Hutton, "and it is your duty
to remedy conditions by providing suffi
cient funds for our needs. I- am not here
to tell this -board how to do it, but there
are items in. the budget that could be
eliminated, notably the Park Emergency
Hospital." ¦..*"•¦¦%'¦¦;'',/: ¦-..-
Commissioner ' Mahoney pleaded for
more funds, . but would not discuss the
means whereby the money should be
raised. : ¦ . ¦¦ _¦¦>¦..:•
Newhall and Howellalso
declared T themselves in favor of 'an in
crease In retail liquor licenses. Howell
said that 50. per cent of the arrests were
tor drunkenness, anu he held that those
causing this condition should bear half
the expense of the Police Department.
Chief of Police Wittman said that it was
planned to put the eight-hour watch sys
tem in operation anu more men are re
quired, wittman said that there were
large, growing- districts which nad no po
lice patrol whatever, and it was surpris
ing, tnat; so mucn was accomplished with
so few men. ' ' - :
"Jf we can. get the retail liquor license
increased' to unreasonable— not an exor
bitant ngure^it win give us enough to
properly police this city," said Wittman.
"i ihlnK the saloons can stand a license
of fcaw per year. I believe the retail, liquor
cieaiers : wouid be' satisfied and It would
give us $350,000 increase. The ' license
might be graded according to the locality.
!¦ aiso think there ought to be a license
lor druggists who sell liquors in pack
ages." ¦: ¦ • ;>\ P
George A. Newhall, .president of the Po
lice Commission, said that the department
needed more men and that sufficient
money had not been provided.
"What we want are young, able-bodied
men," said Newhall, "as we are now
working some old officers who should bo
pensioned."
Two Members." of the Board of Police
Commissioners and Chief of Police Witt
man last night declared themselves in
favor of increasing the retail liquor
licenses In order to secure a larger appro
priation for the Police Department. 1 The
declarations were made during the hear
ing of citizens and city officials regarding
the tax budget as recommended by the
Finance; Committee of the Supervisors.
Business Men View Wealth
: of Resources in Field
and Orchard.
Supervisors Hear Many Citi
zens on Proposed Tax '
Budget. : . ,<'_
The Bay Cities' Excursion
Party Is Warmly
Welcomed.
Appeal of Police Com
missioners for Larger
Appropriation.
GUESTS OF ALL
TULARE COUNTY
FAVORS HIGHER
LIQUOR LICENSE
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY;; MAY 24, 1902.
William- De Mott Dressier, City Editor
of Examiner, Passes Away at the Lane
Hospital After a Very" Short/ Illness
CLOSES BOOK OF ASSIGNMENTS
AND GOES TO HIS ETERNAL REST
8
. EiSiidDIIStiGCI; ioZ3a
Who ltt^ir%^ b
SAKE JOSEPH, Representative, 800 Battery. Street, San Francisco,
''¦'.¦¦'¦¦" '¦'¦ ¦¦':"'¦'.-¦ • ¦ "¦.;¦. V. /•-','¦¦ ¦¦ ¦ /'^ilill
0 visit DR. JORDAN'S great $
QF AHATOHY*
6 C5 1551 K1IBTSI. tat. C±*7th,S.r.Col.i
\ Q The L»rt;*^t Araloreicil Museum in the »
W «Je>> Worid. »Ve«kae»«t or n,y o>atracteft A
i. Y±l &f* «*e»»e p«»»""»«-ly «•¦!-.*! hr the otde-i T
O /E tl 1 ij^cii 1 '" c 'be CoMt. Est. 36 years. ©
itf J&I i CR ' f!F KEN A
I fiSt^B Ceimiitation free *nd stiirtly privi'.e. \
J UWH Treatment p;r«on*!!y or by l;ttrr. A A
6 ]* M 3 FotilKt Cure in every et-.e undertaken. Y
F II ' lid w rite for Rook. PniLO«UPBY<:ri4
H I B4RBUGE, MAILED FREE. fAf
A n li" **'uat>le book (or men) j.
9 I»O. J«KDA\4<&.. 1051 MarkPtSr...S. F. Q
Ala signature Is on every box of the geanla*
Laxative Bromo-Quinine Table*
•hj remedy tfcat cores • cola in one dam
SZfo&LrtStj
There has been discovered by the State Medi-
cal Institute. S556 Elektron b'.dg.. Ft. Wayne,
'•Ind.. tht> most remarkable blood poison cure
*>ver heard of. It has cured all such indications
as mucous patches in the mouth 6ore throat
copper colored spots, chancres, ulcemtSons on
the body and in hundreds of cases where the
h*ir and eyebrows had fallen out and the whole
ekln was a mass of boilp. pimples and ulcers
this wonderful specific has completeiy'chantred
the whole body into a clean, perfect condition
of physical health. Every railroad running into
Ft. Wayne brings scores of sufferers seeking
thf* new and marvelous cure, and to enable
those who cannot travel to realize what a truly
marvelous work the Institute is accomplishing
they will send free to o\-ery sufferer a free trial
treatment so thai every one can cure them-
selves in the privacy cf their own home. This
is the only known cure f of blood poison. Do
not hesitate to write at once and the free trial
will be sent sealed In plain package.
Cures Cases That Eot Springs and All Other
Treatments Failed to Evea
Help.
Diss&si.
A Trial Treatment Sent Free to All Who
Suffer From Any Stage of the
Cures Blood Poison
ADVEBTISZMENTS.
NEXT5UND AY CALL
I Moral o! the Downfall o! the
I Preacher-Burglar.
n Bret Hartc's Experiences in
/ San Francisco.
i The FluIIy Summer Girl,
As Pictured by a Wealthy Denver Girl
j Now in San" Francisco.
San Francisco as Seen by
Electric Light
Bthe Graduation Girl
Should Dress,
the Wollville Stories by
ilred Henry Lewis.
"WAP IQ HFI I " SAID GENERAL
VV r\E\^ l& llUULif W. T.' SHERMAN.
I Costume Poses by San Fran- ]j
I Cisco Society ladies. |
I No. 5 "FOLLY." Who Is She} I
. Head Dress Parties Now So-
ciety's Fad in the East
Illustrated by Photographs of New York's
Best Known Society Ladles.
. White Gowns for Summer.
; BY AUGUSTA PRESCOTT.
i This Is the Best Series .of Fashion Hints
Published in San Francisco.
;, . Home Majjic, Picture Puzzles,
. Human Interest Stories.
I Sec Pat and Heiny in New 1
THE SUNDAY CALL; MAGAZINE SECTION CONTAINS MORE WESTERN
STORIES THAN ALL OTHER SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY PAPERS COMBINEDMEMBERS OF THE COMMIT
TEE OF ARRANGEMENTS
FOR Y. M. I. PICNIC.
OAKLAND, May 23.— Jacob Lee Stur
gill, a laborer, was taken to- the Receiv
ing Hospital this afternoon for examina
tion on a charge of insanity. He thinks
he is a bookkeeper. .., .... .
Thinks j He Is a Bookkeeper.
WASHINGTON, May 23.-The Comp
troller of the .Treasury has j rendered a
decision In which he construetrthe act of
April 29, 1902, as making an appropriation
for the payment of claims' against the
Government growing out of, the, payment
S ' ¦ . ;,..¦- ¦ .'...'..¦.. ¦ -J '.;'¦ ¦ . ¦-, . ¦', '
Decision in a Porto Bico Duty • :
Affair. «; : T<:
Comptroller Benders an Important
TREASURY DEPARTMENT'.-.'.;" f>£
TO PAY BIG CLAIMS
OAKLAND. May 23.— Chief of Police
Hodgkins has resumed a monthly drill in
military tactics of the police force. Thirty
men were put through their paces this
afternoon by Captain of Police Petersen.
Later the. manual of arms .will be given.
Policemen at Drill.
Beaumont Invites the President.
BEAUMONT, Texas, May 23.— A. P.
Chlldress, secretary of the Beaumont Oil
Exchange and Board, of Trade.to-day sent
the following telegraphic invitation to the
President:- "Beaumont, . whose phenom
enal oil gushers have given her fame and
prestige worldwide, exten'ds a most cor
dial and pressingMnvitation to the na
tion's President to include her among the
cities he will visit In. his proposed trip
to Texas."
election ordinance prepared this yeai
City Attorney Partridge copied the one o;
1900 and the election of three Councilmer
was called for. Two years ago it suite*
Mackenzie . because : he was .the victor
Now that Mackenzie is beaten he is at
tempting to" Invalidate the election ol
Councilmen Mathews, Murray* and Hub
bard. '.*3&&3!?£&£3R2MBfl9!fl W »¦:-.- - ¦-
Students Meet in Spelling Match.
ALAMEDA, May. 23.— Four schools— the
Maetick, Wilson, Haight and Longfellow
participated in the semi-annual spelling
inetch of the grammar grades held to
day. Each school was represented by a
team- of twenty spellers. In the final
tpell-ddwn the Masticks won. •
• .;-.. • • . • >" Friday, May 23.'..
Stmr Aberdeen, HiKKins, 57 hours from.As
" °8trnr Homer, Donaldson, 69 hours from -Til-
Barge Santa Paula, McGovern, 50 hours
from -Ventura, : In tow tug Rescue.
Schr Jennie Griffin, Campbell, 5 hours from
Point Reyes. , ;
'.; Friday, May 23.
4 Stmr Noyo, Ellefsen, Fort Bragg.
!¦ < = , -. RETURNED.
' ¦ ' '» ' , .i ¦ Friday, May 23. ¦
Schr Eureka, Schou, hence May 13, for Eu
reka, returned on account of springing a leak.
¦ : V <Z i "DOMESTIC PORTS. .
' /.SEATTLE-rSailed May 22— Stmr City of Se
attle, for Skarway.
ASTORIA — Sailed May 23 — Stmr Despatch,
for Redondo. ¦ ¦ , „„
• PORTLAND— Sailed May 23 — Stmr Iaqua,
for San Pedro: 'stmr Geo W Elder.? for- San/
Francisco ; rschr Mary Dodge, ¦ for Mahukona ;
'stmr .Ventnor, for Hongkong.
TACOMA— Sailed May 23 — Am ship Dashing
Wave, for Vancouver.
>. OCEAN STEAMERS. ' ' ,
LIVERPOOL— Sailed May , 23— Stmr Ultonia, ,
for : Boston: stmr . Celtic, for New York, via
Queenstown; stmr Georgic. for .New York. '' -
DUNNETHEAD — Passed May 23— Stmr Os
car. II;; from New York, for Copenhagen. , ¦
Late Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
OAKLAND. May 23.— The Rev. E. R.
Dllle. pastor of the First Methodist
Church, will conduct memorial services
Sunday evening at the church, to which
all war veterans have been Invited. The
general memorial day committee of tho
Grand Army of the Republic will be pres
ent in a body. .*."'•
Veterans Invited to Service.
BERKELEY. May 23.— Ground was
broken to-day for the new Mining BUild
ing, the first of the edifices to be erected
under the Benard plans for the new
university. A contract was filed to-day
with the County Recorder between Mrs.
Phebe Hearst and the San Francisco
Construction Company for excavating the
foundation for the new building, at a cost
of $5100.
Breaks Ground for Mining' Building.
GRAND JUNCTION. Colo., May 23.-
Captaln Jack Sumner, . who left this citj
on Tuesday for Utah, was found abou
noon Wednesday near the. town of Greer
River in an unconscious conditlcTn. ... He
was brought to this city last night anc
taken to St. Mary's Hospital. Dr. Han
sen was called and found that he wai
suffering from a serious wound in th<
groin. Word from the hospital this even
ing Is that the Captain . is resting eaa:
and will probably recover.
Traveler Mysteriously "Wounded.
SOUTH BEND, Ind.', May 23.-rJohn W.
v Churry, aged "31 years, a carpenter, shot
and killed his sweetheart. Susanne Kecs
kemeti. aged 16 years, early to-days and
then shot himself with the same revolver.
The couple evidently had planned to d!e
together. « They apparently had laid on
the ground beside each other. The man
then placed the 38-callber revolver over
her heart and fired twice. He then shot
himself in the mouth. | There was no indi
cation of a struggle. No reason for the
tragedy is known.
Kills His Sweetheart and Himself.
ALAMEDA, May 23.— Miss Florence
Hale of this city and John H. McDanlel
of Tacoma were Joined in wedlock last
evening at the home of the bride's pa
rents, Mr. and Mrs. C. E. Hale, 1838 Ala
meda avenue. Mies Louisa Hale, a sister
of the bride, was maid of honor. The
groom's best man was George Ebrlght of
San Francisco. The Rev. Frank S. Brush
of the First Presbyterian Church per
formed the marriage ceremony. Mr. and
Mrs. McDaniel have gone to Tacoma,
which wilPbe their place of future resi
dence and where the groom is a practic
ing attorney.
Miss Lillian Belle Page became Mrs.
George H. Blake last evening at the resi
dence of the groom's mother, Mrs. Emma
E!ake of 2427 Central aVenue. It was a
pink and white wedding. The officiating
clergyman was the Rev. E. P. Dennett.
The maid of honor was Miss Ada Blake
and the rlngbearer was little Irene Blake.
A reception and supper followed the mar
riage. Mr. Blake is a prominent member
of Company G of the National Guard of
this, city. His bride is the daughter of
Mr. and Mrs. F. E. Page of East Oak
land. The couple will make their home
on Twentieth street, Oakland.
Two Alameda Weddings.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
J McCormick, wf "and J
child, Alton J
Miss A Compton/ Spok <
J G Safler, wf, Portlnd' ]
J H de Force, Astoria '
C E Robinson, Ark <
W Larson. Spokane' .
J Reid, Astoria . ' . .
W Clark, wf, Los Ang .
A Davis, Denver
A.Pellegin, San Diego
JMKlng, Cairo, 111 !
Miss Roney, Los Ang \ )
Mrs Sheridan. Buffalo \
O Bratcher, Angel lsl .
P Merasia, Ktag City r\.
R Kyle, wf, Los Ang".
E G Smith, N Y • , V.
J'P Hitchcock. NY'!:
T H Badollet, Reno I"
L Hull, Vancouver. W :
EF' Young.' Paso Rob !
Miss E Kendall, Fresno.
E J Baldwin, wf, LA
Mrs A J Kail, Los Ang
G A Reed, N Y-
H Berger. Denver
W S Byers, El Paso
C B Dentworthy, Mod
J Cobbledlck, wf. Can
JO Maldonado, Tucson
J J Maldonado, Tucson
J M Curry, wf & lady,
. Topeka, Kans
S N McBride. wf. Mod
F E Hammond, Kan C
\V C Rohmeyer, Canton
J McSarley, San Diego
H A Bateman. Seattle
J Rogers, Eureka l -
Mrs M Rlgby, Eureka
iMlsn M Hicks. Eureka
IW-W Hawkins. Pa
B Horn. Pa
L. M Dalrymple, Sacto
of duties to the military authorities on
articles brought Into Porto Rico from this
country upon judgments against the Unit
ed States and from which the United
States has not appealed.
These Judgments, which will ultimately
aggregate about 1800,000, will be paid upon
presentation to the Treasury Department
after the right of appeal has expired.
This right expires after ninety days from
the date of judgment. .
DENVER, May 23.— After a .long
wrangle, characterized by some bitterness,
over the question of whether Colorado
was In the Atlantic or Pacific Jurisdiction
of the Ancient Order of Foresters, the
Denver courts have got together and set
tltti the dispute by .consolidating all the
lecal bodies into one big organization—
the Denver Court— and starting out with
a charter issued by the authority of High
Chief Ranger E. A. Hayes of the Atlantic
jurisdiction, approved by the High Court
cf the Wond at Barrow-ln-Furness, Eng
land. .
Foresters' Controversy Is Settled.
When the new charter was adopted in
189S the Councilmen then elected drew lots
to determine: their terms under the pro
viso made in the foregoing section. F.-.D.
Hatman and E. E. Chase • drew short
terms and James D. Miner, J.W. Macau
ley and Rogers long terms.
The provision' made in • section 9 for two
Councilmen holding to 1901 and' the re
maining three to . 1903 was ¦¦ overlooked or
cist: passed. over, as it was regarded as an
error.' In 1900 D. ; A. .Porter and. Joseph
Cherrie j were - elected Councilmen under
tho first sentence of the section, v In I tho
• The members of the Common Council chosen
at the general municipal election ¦ in 1898, if
prior to that ¦ time this charter . shall b« ap
proved-by the Legislature, shall so classify
themselves by lot that three of them shall
hold from the date/of their election and quali
fication to the first Monday in July, 1902, and
two of them I from | the datp of their election
and qualification to the: first Monday In July,
1900V If ¦ tiae first ? general municipal I election
be not held until -April, 1808, the Councilmen
elected shall ao classify, themselves that three
of them shall hold from the date of their elec
tion and Qualification to the first Monday in
July, 1903, and two of them from the date . of
their "election and qualification to [ the- first
Monday in July, 1901. • . • • •
The Mackenzie push, which was so com
pletely routed in Monday's election; Is to
make a stand in the last-ditch by con
testing the election of, the three Council
men—H. D. | Mathews, Patrick Murray
and A. L. Hubbard. Attorneys have been
consulted, and through section 9* of article
I, chapter 2 of the charter Mackenzie
hopes to retain control of the Councillor
another rear. If this could be done he
would be able to head off all nominations
made by Mayor-elect Worswlck by hav
ing the Council refuse, confirmation. The
section'ln question Is, as follows: ;
The following officers were [elected:
President, D. F. McGraw; first vice presi
dent,-J. S. Gage; second vice president,
D. F. Dinsmore; secretary, E. G. Perkins;
corresponding, secretary, Dr. A. 1 G. Ben
nett. . : ' ' ,'••¦.
SAN JOSE, May 23.— Steps were taken
thlD evening which mean the annihila
tion of the Mackenzie forces .throughout
Santa Clara County. At a large and en
thusiastic meeting of Republicans the
Central Republican Alliance of Santa
Clara County was organized in opposition
to -the Santa Clara County Republican
League. Club. The alliance starts with a
membership of 165. 'Alts object is declared
to be "to promote the best interests of
the Republican party in national, State
and local affairs"; but back of this there
is strong antl-Mackenzi£ feeling, and the
organization .will fight the boss to a fin
ish. Branches, are to be organized
throughout Santa Clara County and espe
cially : wllh the alliance invade the pre
cincts where are Republican League
clubs controlled by Mackenzie.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
They were near Tikllk Lake when the
severest storm was encountered. It was
while there, on the 6th day of Anrll. that
one of the party. Dr. Robert Miller of
Whatcom, died. The two survivors built
a crib as best they could and placed the
body of their companion in it, tenderly
covering it with frozen twigs and boughs
•For weeks the other two men trudged
on. nursing what little strength they had
left with a daily diet of dog's flesh. Thev
finally reached civilization, more dead
than alive, and after days of careful
nursing were able to board the steamer
Excelsior at Juneau to come to Seattle
Lowe left for Whatcom to-nig-ht where
he will relate to Dr. Miller's relatives the
story of suffering and death. .. ¦";.
Finally their food gave out and for days
they went hungry. Starvation then com
pelled them as a last resort to sacrifice
and eat their dogs. One by one the hus
kies were killed and eaten. But the pierc
ing winds continued, and exposed without
any shelter as they were their suffering
was " Intense. -
These men are two of a party of three
that started from , Nome some months
ago in an attempt to reach the outside.
While progressing through .the northern
country in the region of the Kusltokwlm
they were overtaken by a blizzard and
lost their way. They wandered about for
days, exposed to the fury of a blinding
snowstorm and a temperature that
reached 30 degrees below zero. Occasion
ally one or the other of them would be
overcome by an intense desire to sleep
that Arctic drowsiness that knows no
awakening— and only by pinching one an
other and resorting to. the sternest of
measures were they able to ward off the
fatal stupor. • ...
SEATTLE, May 23.— Aboard "the steamer
Excelsior, which arrived here this morn-
Ing from the north, were Charles E.
Lowe and John Griswold, miners. Grls
wold had not left his berth from the time
the steamer left Juneau until he was car
ried into an ambulance this morning and
taken to the hospital. .His hands and feet
had been frozen. One of Lowe's feet had
had been frozen, but'he was able to walk
and assisted in the removal of his' invalid
companion.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Santa Clara County Re
publican Alliance
Is Formed.
Nome Miners /Lost for
Weeks in the Wil
derness.
WASHINGTON, May 23.— The President
to-day sent the following nominations to
the Senate: Army, Artillery Corps— First
lieutenants, Frank E. Hopkins, J. W.
C. Abbott, John McBride, Jr., Frank J.
Miller, Charles L. Lanham, Albert U.
Faulkner; Willis R. Vance, Harry W.
McCauley and Charles M. Bunker, all at
large; Homer B. Grant. Massachusetts;
Harrison . S. Kerrick, Illinois; John S.
Johnston, Indiana; Francis W. Ralston,
Pennsylvania; Cleveland C. Lansing, Vir
ginia.
Nominations by the President.
Mies Grace Davis. Miss Fannie Lawton. Miss
Edith Hibbard. Mrs. Alex Stewart, Mrs. Alice
V. Hathaway. Mrs. C. E. Freeman, Miss Grace
Flfhcr. Mis* Helen Bacon, Miss Marion Horton,
Miae Harriet Davis. Miss Alice Trask Mrs.
Frank Teal, Miss E. M. Madsen. Miss Alice
iiartj-n. Mrs. H. L. "Whitehead. Mrs. L*na C.
Xlcholson, Miss May Ferrel, Miss Elizabeth 8.
B^nton, Miss Mae Andrews, Miss N. F.
Thomas. Miss Isabel Henderson, Miss Je6sle
Palmer. Mis* Gertrude Mansfield, Miss Harriet
R. Hugrgins. Miss Frances Sanborn, Miss Helen
J. Ksrar. Miss Kate Gilbert. Miss Martha Ba
k<T. MIbs Ruth J. Hughes. Mrs. Algernon Asp
land, and Mewrs. Algernon Aspland, W. A.
Pottis. H." K. Snow, Charles B. Andrews,
Thomas S. Atherstone, Amos C. Hlnsdale, H. H.
Dlrpley. A. W. Moore. W. E. Nicholson, George
E King. Harry L. Holcomb, C. N. Burrell, A.
C. Eaker. C. H. Northrop. H. . L. Whitehepd,
George P. Eanborn. William B. King, Alexan
der T. Stewart. Mr. Stewart is director of the
choir. •
OAKLAND. May 23.— Once every year
the choir of the First Congregational
Church is entertained by Mrs. F. M.
Smith, at her beautiful home in East
Oakland. This year the entertainment
was in the form of a dinner, which proved
to be a most delightful affair. It took
place this evening. The long table, on
which covers were laid for 56, was placed
in the bowling alley, which was tastefully
decorated in red. Besides the members of
the choir, the pastor. Dr. C. R. Brown, and
his wife and Mrs. Tufts were also pres
ent.
Among those who enjoyed the hospital
ity of Mr. and Mrs. Smith were:
Beautiful Home in East
Oakland.
Delightful Event Takes Place at Her
MRS. F. M. SMITH DINES
CONGREGATIONAL CHOIR
OAKLAND, May 23.— It is announced
that the Realty Syndicate will open bids
on Thursday of next week at their office
in San Francisco for the construction of
a pier at Emeryville, which is to be the
terminus of the Santa Fe system and the
local street car system, owned by the syn
dicate.
The total length of the pier will be
1G.000 feet, 3000 feet of .which have been
constructed. The contract will be let for
the remaining 13,000 feet.
Specifications have been prepared for
the two ferry-boats that are to be built,
and the syndicate is preparing to let bids
for their construction. The contracts for
the machinery have been let in the East,
and it will be out here by the time the
hulls are ready.
Emeryville and Two Ferry-
Boats.
Realty Syndicate to Build Wharf at
GETTING READY TO LET -
MANY LARGE CONTRACTS
WILL ROOT OUT
MACKENZIEISM
¦ ¦ . i ¦ '.
Union outing, and of which M. A. Mcln
nia is chairman, are the following repre
sentatives from the five councils con
cerned: •'
Washington No. 4 — President. TV. J. Davis;
D. J. Hennesay, J. M. Robs, T. Walsh.-
Oakland No. «— President, George P. R.
Clark; L. P. Snaer, J. F. McVey, M. A. Mc-
Innis. ¦
American No. 8 — President, M. R. Bronner;
J. J. Burke, A. J. Flynn, J. H. Long.
California No. 24 — President. J. F. O'Brien:
V. A. Dodd, J. H. Scholten. J. P. Wright.
Alameda No. 47 — President, Frank Mul
queensy; William P. Martin.
Judge Melvin Upholds Justice Fjd
gar's Decision in Berkeley Mile-
Limit Cases.
OAKLAND, May 23.— The appeal of
Mrs. Mary Thompson, who was convicted
of selling liquor within the mile limits of
the university, was argued by Assistant
District Attorney Walsh and Richard
Lloyd in Judge Melvin's court to-day.
Attorney Lloyd first attacked the decision
of Justice Edgar of Berkeley, refusing
Mrs. Thompson a change of venue on the
ground of bias, but Judge Melvln held
that the point was not well taken. He
then argued that Mrs. Thompson could
not be punished for offenses except thoso
committed on the day named in the com
plaint, holding that evidence of offenses
committed on other days could not be
admitted. Judge Melvin took that ques
tion under advisement and will render a
decision later. Two other appeals will be
heard Monday.
REFUSES LIQUOR-DEALER
A CHANGE OF VENUE
BURY COMRADE
DURING BLIZZARD
The programme for the day will be In
the hands of a number of sub-commit
tees chosen from the joint committee hav
ing the affairs of the reunion in charge.
Fernbrook Park was selected as the
best and most convenient resort for the
big, rollicking rally and- reunion .because
It is centrally located with respect to the
councils interested. Those- councils are
Oakland No. 6 and American No. 8, both
of Oakland; California No. 24 of Alameda,
Alameda No. 47 of Livermore and Wash
ington No. 4 of San Francisco. Large
delegations of institute members, their
relatives and friends, are assured from
Midway, Altamont, i Livermore, Pleasan
tpn, Niles and Mission San Jose, and
larger delegations from Oakland, Ala
meda, Berkeley and San Francisco. Pro
vision has been made with the Southern
Pacific to comfortably transport the mul
titude to and from Niles Canyon on June
19 and with the management of Fernbrook
Park to furnish every accommodation for
the pleasure of the many who are ex
pected to attend.
will come -together in a fraternal and fes
tive celebration, and the event promises
to be a merry and memorable one. . .
HELENA, Mont., May 23.— Governor
Toole, who arrived home to-day from
Washington, D. C, where he went to at
tend the ceremonies incident to the Inter
ment of the body of his father-in-law,
General Roseorans, denies the report that
he has changed his attitude on the mer
ger question. "The only basis for the pub
lication," said the Governor to-day, "was
a statement by me that, inasmuch as
four cases were now pending' to test the
validity of the merger, Montana, for the
present, would ; be content to await the
result, and for the future she would be
guided by the facts as they were devel
oped." • •. -I - "
Governor Toole Remains Firm.
EASTON, Pa., May 23.— Two men were
killed and many men and women Injured
in a trolley wreck a few miles beyond
Easton at midnight last night. The dead
are:
EDWARD COMMODORE, Nazareth.
JOSEPH DERHAMMER, Easton.
An Easton and Nazareth car left this'
city shortly before midnight, carrying
eighty-nine passengers. On a steep hill
In Palmer Township the brakes refused
to work and the car ran away, descending
the incline at terrific speed. At the foot
of the hill, on a sharp curve,- the car
jumped the track and fell on its side.
Many Passengers Are
Brakes Fail to Hold on a Grade and
TROLLEY-CAR WRECK
TERMINATES TWO LIVES
Charges Oliver With Incompetsncy,
Courts Settle Matters of Dispute
Among Litigants.
OAKLAND, May 23.— The Central Bank
replied to-day to the $2500 damage suit of
D. F. Oliver for architects' fees- by chars
ing the plaintiff with incompetency and
putting in a counter claim for $500 dam
ages. The bank alleges that Oliver's
plans for the refitting of the Central Bank .
building were bungling and that it cost
$S00 to have the work readjusted.
Mrs. Katherine Barlow, executrix of the
will of Winifred Crowley, was cited to
explain why she does not render an In
ventory. The deceased's son complains
of her.
Isaac Kowalsky withdrew hia suit
against the Oakland Transit Consolidated
after the corporation paid him $500. He
was hurt in a collision and sued for $23,000.
John H. Valerga. one of the family of
singers, began suit to-day against hi*
wife, Jessie E. Valerga, for divorce on the
ground of intemperance.
Divorces were granted to John Bridge
from Marie Bridge, Emma G. Black from
W. G. Black. Mary A. Detels from Eu
gene J. Detels, all on the ground of de
sertion.
ALAMEDA MAIL-CARRIERS
PERFECT ORGANIZATION
Officers of a Newly Formed Branch of >
the National Association Are
Installed.
ALAMEDA, May 23.— Roland M. Roche,
State vice president of the National Let
ter Carriers' Association, installed the of
ficers of the newly formed local branch
of the organization in Odd Fellows' Hall
last night. He was assisted by C. D. La
Fontaine, president of San Francisco
Branch No. 214. There were present a
number of .visitors from Oakland; San
Jose and San Francisco branches. ¦ After
the conclusion of the ceremonies of in
stallation a banquet, at which Percy R.
Fox presided as toastmaster, was held.
The officers of the local branch of th©
Letter Carriers' Association • introduced
into their positions last night are; Presi
dent, Percy R. Fox; vice president, J. H.
Floyd; secretary, P. H. Smith; treasurer,
Peter Nelson; sergeant at arms, E. . J.
Jarratt; trustees — W. C. Forsyth and E.
J. Rennell.
Licensed to Marry.
OAKLAND, May 23.— A license to marry
was Issued to-day to Joseph Baitx. aged
2G, and Yvonne Berit, aged 26, both of
Oakland.
JUDGE CONLEY NOT TO'-*;':
SEEK THE NOMINATION
Madera Man Curbs His Aspiratioa
to Obtain a Seat in
Congress. ,
MADERA, May 23.— W. M. Conleyy
Judge of the Superior Court of thi3 coun-^
ty, wno has been mentioned as the Demo
cratic candidate for the nomination for
Congress In this district, has withdrawn
from the contest. He said to Tho Call^;
correspondent to-day that he was lm-~"
pelled to this step by his many friends in .
this county, who wished him to serve out
his term as Judge.
John M. Griffin, Democratic candidate
from this county, for the Senatorial nom
ination m the Twelfth Senatorial District, '-
has also withdrawn.
The> impression Is prevalent here that
the real reason for Judge Conley's with
drawal is the opposition of a Democratic
faction that is working hard to prevent
Judge Conley controlling the county con
vention. '•'¦¦-. •.-¦
Forest Eire Causes Alarm.
CANON CITY, Colo., May 23.— A forert
fire on Sheep Mountain north of this
city, burned fiercely last night and caused
apprehensions for prospectors who are
working in that region. The fire subsided
to-day and it was learned that all tho
prospectors are safe. ¦ ¦
WICHITA, Kans., May 23.— Mrs. Mary
Elizabeth Lease, formerly Kansas politi
cian and "stateswoman," but now an
author and reporter in New York, to-day
secured an' absolute divorce from her hus
band and was given the custody of three
minor children. , -
The divorce was granted on grounds of
neglect and desertion. The parties had
been married thirty years. Mrs. Lease
claims to have always supported herself.
The Leases have lived apart for ten
years. Politics is said to have, separated
them. Lease is a druggist here and takes
no interest in public affairs. He did not
appear in court this afternoon. The trial
lasted fifteen minutes. An effort was
made to keep Mrs. Lease's presence here
a secret and also the trial, but both
schemes failed. She says she will not re
marry. ...
Husband After Thirty Years
of Marital Life.
Former Kansas "States-woman" Leaves
MAEY ELIZABETH LEASE
OBTAINS HER DIVORCE
CENTBAL BANK PUTS
IN A COUNTER CLAIM
Piano solo (Haschcman-Heller). Frederica
Robs; Knelish paper, "The Story of a Califor
nia Miner," Laura Chalmers: chorus,* (a) "Sol
datenlied" (b) •'Schlummerlled" : recitation,
"Ic!i bin ein Kind." Virginia Phillips; recita
tion. "Der Suppenkaspar," I^amance Hazel
tine; paper. 'Study of the King of the Golden
River," Margaret Hazeltlne; piano solo. "Im
provisation" (MacDowell), Katherine Graves;
selection. "Der Strumvelpeter" ; song, "Der
Bauer," primary class; English paper, "A
Study on the Great Stone Face," Elolse Shoe
craft; English paper. "The Story of a Doll,"
Florence Hoffmann: recitation. "Baby Stars,"
Flomnoe Smith. Margarey Roberts, Virginia
Phillips. Elliot Bake; piano solo, selections
(Schumann), Katherine N ewhall ; ' song (Mail
led). German class; concert recitation, "Ho
rnt'.us at the Bridge," intermediate depart
ment; English paper. ''Character Sketch of
Portia," Katherine Newhall; recitation. "Die
Gt-schichte vom dummen Haenschen," Eloiso
Shoecraft; song, "Malkaeferlied." German
class; recitation. "Grandma's Visit," Lizzie
Rich: recitation. "Das Erkennen," Katherine
Graves; piano solo. "Romanze" (Bruell). Fran
cis Chinn; recitation. "In the' Royal Academy"
(Dobson). Helen Dornln; recitation. "Kentucky
Bell," Eloise Shoecraft; song, "Die Wacht am
Rheln," German class.
Snell's Seminary celebrated the comple
tion of its twenty-third year yesterday af
ternon. A programme comprising musical
numbers and literary exercises was clev
erly rendered by the pupils of the school'.
There being no graduating class the en
tertainment was left in the hands of the
underclasses, which acquitted themselves
creditably. The programme was as fol
lows:
Hits Roberta Deal. Miss Mary Gilbert, Miss
Leslie Walker. Miss Gertrude Taylor, Miss
Itost Kales. Miss Minnie VValker. Miss Marian
Wate-rhoujie, Miss Gertrude Whittaker. Mis
Mattie Milton, Miss Pearl Jones, Miss' Ora
Lucas. Miss Mary Fitch, Miss Phamav Mc-
K'-vltt. Miss Kittle Bard. Miss Madge Kenne
dy. Miss Margery Lynch. Miss Ruby Richards,
Miss Amelia Christy and Miss Florence WIl
pon.
The graduation address which followed
the invocation by Rev. George E. Swan
was presented by Professor Leon Richard
son of the State University. Miss Marion
Ransome, acting principal, then presented
the diplomas, and the exercises closed
with a senior oration by Miss Mattie Mii
ton, and the planting of a tree by the
graduating class. • ' . '. •
The young ladies who were awarded di
plomas are:
BERKELEY, May 23.— Amid showers of
roses, nineteen girl graduates of Miss
Head's school In Berkeley received their
diplomas . to-day and said good-by to
school days. A unique feature of the af
ternoon's performance was a Maypole
dance, which was gracefully executed. b'y
sixteen little misses in dainty summer
dresses. .
Judge Greene held that in the absence
of a statute expressly stating that cities
must be held accountable for the acts of
their agents In the commission or omis
sion of their duties liability for damages
cannot attach to the city. In providing
for public improvements a" city is employ
ing the. money of the inhabitants to af
ford them necessary utilities.
Attorney Nusbaumer, for the plaintiff,
contended that the city in this case had
entered into the business of selling light
to private persons and therefore. It was
on the same level with other private con
cerns. He urged that the city then as
sumed control and direction of a public
improvement and that It assumed with it
the responsibility connected therewith.
Judge Greene, however, did not receda
from the position he assumed early in
the argument and granted the nonsuit
prayed for by Attorneys Simpson and
Chapman.
Oakland Office San Francisco Can,
1118 Broadway, May 23.
The city of Alameda has escaped all lia
bility for the death of Mrs. Edith M.
Davoust through the alleged careless ad
ministration of the municipality's electric
lighting system. Judge Greene nonsuited
Martial Davoust, the aggrieved husband,
to-day because there is no State law that
spedflcaNy says municipalities are liable
for the neglect of their agents.
We. the jury, do find that the name of the
deceased wa* Caroline W. Marsellis, a native of
California, aged about 25 years. That she came
to her death at her home on San Pablo avenue.
rear liolyoke. In Berkeley. Alameda County,
California, at about 9:25 a. m.. May 16, 1902.
and that death was caused by a hemorrhage
due to a rupture of the hepatic artery, resulting
from some cttuse unknown to the Jury-
J. SCHMITT. Foreman.
H. A. Blanchard, S. M. Coey, D. S. Jungck.
Charles W. Cole. A. Erlandsen, W. T. Gilllhan.
Robert Reeves, who is a brakeman on
the Seventh-street local, described the
scuffle which he had had with Mrs. Mar
sellis on the 11th inst., but claimed that
it was a mere friendly test of strength
and that his opponent was not injured,
fcince she carried her two children on her
back after the wrestling: was over.
The last witness heard, the jury retired
and after a half hour's deliberation ren^
dered'the following verdict:
Dr. Gladding's testimony revealed the
dying woman's statement that she had
taken a violent drug and performed an
operation on herself. She never mention
ed any injuries received in her scuffle
with Robert Reeves on the afternoon of
May 12. He further reiterated his state
ment, formerly made In the papers, that
the woman's body showed no bruises or
marks of outward violence.
Then Dr. Gladding, who had taken th<»
stand last Monday with defiance in his
eye. took his seat beside his former en
emy with his face wreathed in smiles. He
answered all questions put to him volu
fcly and readily.
DYING WOMAN'S STATEMENT.
The proceedings of ihe inquest were
here enlivened by a formal reconciliation
between Coroner Mehrmann and his for
mer recalcitrant witness. Dr. Charles F.
Gladding. Attorney Whitney apologized
on behalf of Dr. Gladdlns and Coroner
Mthrrnann gracefully received the fiery
physician back into his good graces.
'"The court," said Coroner Mehrmann,
"had no intention of censuring any wit
ness unjustly. My friend the doctor's
nerve tension was a little stronger than
necessary on last Monday night. The
court"s sentence with the consent of the
jurors 5s removed."
Professor George Colby, a chemist from
the State University, who had made a
chemical examination of the dead wom
an's stomach, testified that there were no
traces of corrosive poisoning present.
NO TRACE OF POISONING.
Dr. Gladding, who refused at a former
meeting of the inquest to divulge the
dead woman's deathbed statement as to
the cause of her death, was present after
having patched up his differences with
Coroner Mehrmann, and stated that Mrs.
Marsellis made a confession that her Ill
ness was due to a self-inflicted operation.
The first witness to be' heard at to
night's session of the inquest was "Jeff"
l>ewis, who was recalled to the stand. He
testified that the cause of his visit to the
Marsellis house on the night of May 11
was a desire to gain possession of his
watch and some money, which Mrs. Mar
sellis had in her possession. He denied
having threatened either the dead woman
or her husband with punishment for with
holding the articles. He was certain that
Mrs. Marsellis was not injured in the
rough and tumble fight which took place
between himself and her husband that
night.
BERKELEY, May 23.— Out of a mass of
conflicting evidence and contradictory
theories advanced by physicians, the jury
called to investigate the death of Mrs.
Marsellis at Berkeley on May 16, rendered
a verdict to-night to the effect that the
woman had met her death as the result
of a rupture and consequent hemorrhage
from the hepatic artery, due to an un
known cause. In thts the Jury supports
the theory of Dr. Rowell and Dr. Vayne.
the autopsy physicians, who maintained
at the first session of the inquest that
such a rupture could only arise as the re
sult of violence, but they fail to fix the
blame for the perpetration of this vio
lence upon any one.
Smith had completed his rounds for the
night and was driving toward home at
Fruitvale. While his horse was jogging
along Park avenue the three highway
men stepped into the street, one grabbing
the horse's bridle, his companions order
ing Smith to get off the seat. - v The driver
did not hesitate, for he saw two revol
vers aimed at his head.
Quickly his pockets were searched and.
that job finished, Smith was ordered
back to his wagon and told to drive away
iquickly and not to turn around. --• •
The milkman obeyed, but instead of
continuing home he drove to the police
station and reported the occurrence. He
could give only a meager description of
the men who robbed him.
A trio of footpads held up Barton
Smith, a one-armed milkman, at 4 o'clock
this morning on Park avenue, between
East . Tenth and East Eleventh streets.
Two of ! the highwaymen pointed pistols
at the dairyman's head, while the third
one held his horse's head. Smith parted
under the pressure with. $3 50, and as the
robbers departed they carried off -a can
of milk, which they took. from their vic
tim's wagon. J ' .
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
¦ 1118 Broadway, May 23.
Snell's Seminary Has Exer
cises in Honor of Twenty-
Third Year.
Dr. GladdiEg Tells of Death
bed Statement Made
to Him.
At Pistols' Point Barton
Smith Is Relieved of
Belongings.
Municipalities Not Subject
to Law3 That Govern
Other People.
Trio of Highwaymen
HoldVCTp Dairyman
in East Oakland.
Girl Graduates Celebrate
Exodus From Head's
School.
Fails to . Fix Blame for
the Death of Mrs.
Marsellis.
Alameda Pays Nothing
for Causing Death of
Mrs. Davoust.
JURY RETURNS
OPEN VERDICT
CITY ESCAPES
AL L LIABILITY
MILK AND MONEY
IS THE PLUNDER
ROSE SHOWERS
WITH DIPLOMAS
NEWS OF THE BAY CITIES OAKLAND ALAMEDA COUNTY BERKELEY NEWS OF THE BAY CITIES
YOUNG MEN'S INSTITUTE WILL HOLD
FIRST OUTING AT FERNBROOK PARK
Combined Oakland Councils and One From San Francisco
v Prepare' for Pleasant Reunion on June 19— Fine Pro
gramme of Games and Athletic Events Is Arranged
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 24, 1902.
OAKLAND, May 23.— All the coun
cils of the Young Men's Institute
in Alameda County and one coun
cil from San Francisco have com
pleted arrangements for an open
air reunion and joint outing to take place
at Fernbrook Park, Niles Canyon, on
Thursday, June 19. It I will be the first
time in the history of the order on the
east side of the bay that these councils
The forenoon will be given over mainly to
social Informal gatherings of the officers
and members \ of the various councils,
their families and friends. During the
afternoon a series of athletic events, in
which the young and old, fat and thin,
will be given an opportunity to display
their prowess and win prizes will afford
several hours of amusement. There will
be dancing in the pavilion all day.
Comprising 'the j6int committee direct
ing the arrangements and details of the
9
• This man was a pioneer In Illinois in
1837, later on was an early settler in North
Dakota. He requests that his name shall
not appear in print. Name given by
Postum Co., Battle Creek, Mick
He says: "Now at the age of 70 I am as
strong and hearty as I was at 50. I would
not go back to my old mode of living for
a hundred thousand dollars." " ¦
A man of 70 writes that at the age of 60
he began to break down and was a par-
tial invalid until 67, when he concluded
that coffee was one of the prime causes
of his sickness, and began using Postum
Food Coffee in its place with Grape-Nuts
Breakfast Food and" some fruit at his
meals.
Change in food and drink will some-
times make over even elderly people and
restore them to natural health.
Can Bring Joy or Trouble.
THE BREAKFAST CUP
POSTUM CEREAL.
FREE! FREE! , \
Saturday. May 24. 1902. with every ¦. >
50c purchase or orer. we giro free one
WIZARD TOP. These tops on sate
10c each. ' r --¦.
Pertma, 85c bot., 4 for............ 83.00 \
Pinkham Co.. 75c bot., 4 for.. ...82.75 ,
Eagle Condensed Milk........ ......15c ',
Duffy Malt Whisky. ............... .-T5c
Cutter's Al Whisky...". ....';.. 75c
ACrAAR THE DRUG
Uab.UUli cutter
,S*T8ati Si and Broadway, Orthfld, C»l .Hildreth's Waring. Is* Dead:
CHICAGO, May 23.— Wiring; Sam Hll
dreth's great handicap. ¦ /horse, died at
"Worth track to-day, a blood vessel In the
stomach having been ruptured. Waring
¦was 5 years old and was by Masetta-The
Sweeper. >. \
; - LONDON, May } 23.— Rambling Katie
won ' the 'Manchester cup of ; £3000 for 3
year-olds.and upward, distance one mile
and a half, at the Manchester- Whitsun
tide meeting to-day. ¦ Hyneros- was sec
ond, and First Principle- third. . Fifteen
horses ran.
Bambling Katie a Winner.
j . Policeman Frank , McGrayan, while In
citizen's dress, went Into Peter P. Flood's
saloon, at 120 California street; yesterday
afternoon and played a nlckel-ln-the-slot
machine. He won and Flood paid him In
coin ¦ instead of : liquor or cigars, : thereby
violating the ordinance. McGrayan ar
rested Flood and booked him at the city
prison.- Flood was released on bail.
Machine Paid in Coin.
Bice's Slayers Want Nevr Trials.
The motion for a new trial In the case of
Charles Donnelly, convicted of murder In
the second degree, for complicity in. th»
killing of George M. Rice, P a "on-uniSn
machinist, at the corner of Twentieth and
Howard streets, October 11 last, was ar
gued before Judge Lawlor yesterday
Judge Lawlor reserved decision until next
Saturday. A similar motion; In the case
of Edward Duncan, convicted of the same
offense, was also argued and will be de
cided to-day. /
Mayor Schmltz proposes. to begin an in
vestigation into the methods of L. Devin
cenzi, who has the contract for removing
garbage from the. Fire Department stables
at $175 per month. It has developed that
Devincenzi has been enjoying a -"soft
snap" In selling the same refuse to the
Park Commissioners for ; fertilizing : pur
poses for - an average . of $175 per month
more. The Mayor objects to the city
buying its own fertilizer, and thinks that
Devincenzi should" dump' the garbage' In'
the park without extra pay.-" -
City Buys i Its Own. Fertilizer.
PITTSBURG, May 23.— Joseph Pearson,
a horse jockey, was shot, and -.Instantly
killed by his wife,' Louise, at the latter's
home in Esplen Borough last night.- He
•was In the act of -braining- her- with a
hatchet when she fired point-blank. at- his
head. Mrs. Pearson is held : pending 'the
Coroner's verdict.
Jockey Is Killed by His Wife.
Juel Finds Watch and Thief.
Nelson McKean waa arrested yesterday
by Policeman Juel and booked at the city
prison on a charge of grand larceny.
Early Thursday morning Juel found W.
M. Gregory of 320 E1113 street lying on the
sidewalk In an Intoxicated condition and
sent him home. The following night
Gregory Informed Juel that hi3 gold
watch had been stolen from him. Juel"
made an investigation and discovered that
the theft had occurred in the Globe sa
loon, at 30 Turk street, and that McKean
was the thief. He arrested McKean* at
the I>unlap House and recovered the
watch, which McKean had given to a fire
man in the Mills building.
Cooper's Trial Is Postponed.
vvnen me case of "Sir" Harry West
going away on his vacation ahJSit H,2t
time and continued thT case tU^Julv £
The alleged perjury was wmmitted dur'
Ing the defendant's trial bef^r a ?,™
forged? LaWl ° r ' S
Justice of the Peace Long gave judg
ment yesterday against Mrs. L. M. Town
send, .who sued J. J. Ormsby and Ben L.
Marks for $225. Mrs. Townsend testified
that she bought a racehorse, Searchlight,
trom one Lawless, who gave her a billet
sale for the animal. Mrs. Townsend went
through. some form of taking possession
of the horse and allowed Lawless to take
him to Montana for racing purposes.
Shortly afterward Lawless sold the horse
to Ormsby for $215 and Ormsby in turn
sold the horse to his brother. .»In render-
Ing his decision. Judge Long stated that
tho affair showed .; the earmarks of a
swindling operation, but he was con
strained to render judgment against the
plaintiff much against his will, as she
had' failed to take- proper legal possession
of the animal. • . - .
• Trouble Over a Horse.
BOSTON, May 23.— Tommy Noonan of
Chelsea, Mass., died this morning from
the effects of a. blow received from Eddie
Dixon of Chicago in a boxing contest at
the Lenox Athletic Club here last night.
Dixon is In custody. While generally
known in sporting circles^as Tommy Noo
nan, ' the dead . boxer's right name was
John Cassidy and his home was in Chel
sea., He was 20 years of age. The fatal
blow landed on Noonan's jaw and he
dropped to the floor, where he lay until
counted out. Physicians pronounced him
suffering from concussion of the brain.
Later Dixon was arraigned in the Crim
inal Court on the charge of manslaughter
in the first degree. Sol Sandier, Bernard
Sa-xe. Thomas Flaherty and Joseph
O'Brien, the seconds of the two pugilists,
were also arraigned -on the charge of
manslaughter* in. the second degree. Ball
In the case of each man was -fixed at
$300 and June 6 wasj ' set for a hearing.
Boxer Succumbs to Injuries.
Ex-State Senator Harry. V. Morehouse
Is the defendant in. a suit brought by
Einest V. Rlchter, the trial of which was
begun yesterday before Justice of the
Peace Long. The testimony showed that
Richter, who is a masseur and hydropath,
treated Morehouse's daughter for inflam
matory, rheumatism. For this . service
Richter demanded $214, and for treating
Morehouse himself Ricbter wanted ' $8.
Morehouse expressed himself as willing
to confess judgment for $8, but he refused
to pay the bill f6r the treatment of: his
daughter on the ground that he made no
contract with Richter. and that the -young
lady is over age. Morehous* further con
tended that Rfchter is not a licensed phy
sician and therefore cannot recover under
the' code. The. case was submitted ' on
briefs: • ' 7 '.
, ' Storehouse Would Not- Pay.
The indictment . contained three counts
and charged him with . having used the
postoffice In an attempt to swindle Dr.
Charles E. Bennett of Wauseon. Ohio,
out of $3000 on the false representation,
among others, that the .trust had $25.
000,000 securities in the banks of this city.
Mains was ordered to appear next Tues
day morning for sentence.
.Court. The Jury had been out for thirty
four minutes only, and the result was as
had been expected. Mains having failed
to put In any defense beyond his ban?
verbal denials.
Charles R. Mains, "Western representa
tive" of the bogus four-billion-dollar
trust, was found "guilty as charged" yes
terday In the United States / District
Counts of the Indict
ment.
He Is Found Guilty on All the
EOUR-BILIilOir-DOI/LAB
MAINS IS CONVICTED
Second race, elx fnriongi — Jerry Htmt won,
'Aratoma second, t^w C. I*, third. Time.
1:23 3-5. .-.- ..
Third race, four furlongs — Agnes Mack won,
Pnredale second. Aurie B third. Time, . :53 2-5.
Fourth race, one. mile and seventy yards —
Articulate won, Lucien Appleby second, Auto
light third. Time. 1:56 1-5.
Fifth race, six furlongs— Muresca won. Dan
cola second, I- Saxnuelson third. Time, 1:21 2-5.
Sixth race, one mile and a sixteenth — Major
Manelr won, Domadje second, Lady Meddle
some third. Time, 1 :59 3-5.
LOUISVILLE, Ky-. May . 21— Churchill
Downs results : : ?~ ': ¦ t
First race, selling, four and a half furjongs—
Almaric won, Mr. Farnum second. Shooting
Star third. No time it ken.
Second race, ose mile and an eighth — Hunter
Ralne won. The Rival second, Harry Xew
third. Time. 2:03V4. >»
Third race, selling, six furlongs — Oconee
•won. Sullerman second. Opera Girl third. Time,
Fourth race, one mile, gentlemen's cup race
Bllver plate valued at $350 to winning rider
Chorus Boy won. Masterful second, Itacatlara
third. Time, 1:56%.
Fifth race, selling, five furlongs — Foneda
won. Erema second, Premls third. Time
1:04%. . '
Sixth race, selling, one mile — Hlnsdale won
Cork second, Lizzie A third. Time, 1:48.
Beeults of the Races at the Louisville,
Worth and St. Louis
Tracks.
ST. LOUIS. May 23. — Fair Grounds results:
Flnst race, one mile, Gelling — Concertina woe,
Kilimandscharo second. Precisely third. Time,
1:41%.
Second race, five furlongs — Gorey won, Cae
l&na second, Fore and Aft third. Time, 1:02.
Third race, steeplechase, about one mile and
a half — Generose won, Torreon second, Pat
My Boy third. Time, 2:67.
Fourth race, five furlongs — Nlckey D won,
Okla second. Joe Goes third. Time, 1:00.%.
Fifth race, one mile and seventy 1 yaras—
Huntressa -won, Alice Turner second. Found
third. Time. 1:44%. ¦
Sixth race, one mile and twenty yards. "sell-
Ing- — Dr. Clark won. Bengal second, Banquo II
third. Time, 1:43%. ...
CHICAGO, May 23. — Worth summary;/
Firet race, five furlongs — Sidney C.'. "Love
¦won, Sprlnestead second, 'fGlendon third. Time,
1:09. ',*...' -
WXETS FROM
AUTOLIGHT AT CHICAGO
.Cristall continues to keep the opposing
base runners glued to first. Sheehan tried
to play oft in Thursday's game, but- the
southpaw caught him a foot off the bag.
Mohler made a wonderful catch during
the progress of the great nlneteen-inning
contest. A ball was hit over in the direc
tion of right field fence and Mohler, Streib
and' McCreedie started after it. - The last
two gave up the chase, but the little fel
low, ran between them and nailed the
ball with one band.
Harris will probably have a strong
team by. July 4, at least He is negotiat
ing with four stars of the first water, but
refuses to divulge their names.
: Hogan, Fisher's amateur from San Jose,
is making a great .record in the field. If
he can only. get in and whack out a few
base hits, he will be the goods.
! Gorton has* taken 'a great slump in his
batting this series. Last week he led
the team, but he failed to make a hit In
the last two games.
Only four men on the Oakland team—
Streib, Dunleavy, Schmidt and Francks—
hit the ball safely in the entire nineteen
Innings at Oakland on Wednesday. This
gait will never win a pennant.
Many of 'the fans rated Hodson as a
dead one, yet he leads all the pitchers,
having won five games out of six..
The Grand Forks and Fargo teams
played twenty-five innings without a run
being made, July 18. 1891, at Devils Lake,
N. D., the longest game on record.
It seems strange Fisher should release a
good batter and keep in his stead a fast
fielder. Rebsamen was ponderous in his
movements, but he was a hard hitter.
Wagner is a first-class man in the field,
but woefully weak with the club. He
seldom drives . a ball out of the infield.
As Fisher has decided to hold him, the
sporting public hopes he will develop into
a slugger.
THE champion Oakland team is begin
ning to slump in Its batting, .which is
a serious matter, especially when a
baseball nine is setting a mark. If
Oakland could hit up to its fielding mark.
It would be second to no 'ball nine in the
world.
Al Cumming, who returned some days
since from the Klamath, is bubbling over
with enthusiasm regarding the angling
possibilities of that locality. The weather
has been cold and the season unusually
backward up to the present time. This
condition cannot continue much longer,
and with, the coming of warm weather he
predicts royal sport. He took many trout
up to four pounds in weight, and says
there are many larger ones in the stream.
=r H ,^i Predlc , ts that Shovel Creek and other
n m flU?nt e^; wUl 4 e fford « ood artificial
llv fishing within the next ten days. It
Aueust: re F^ In «L°° d . unt11 the last of
rairpnt* E?? m WDat he -» aff Of the Sac-
The rainbow, which David Starr Jordan
says is a steelhead, would thrive, it is
claimed. In these streams. If the young
fish ¦ were put in at Liberty's, near the
headwaters of the Lagunltas, they would
do much to sustain the reputation of the
Paper Mill as the most wonderful stream
in the world for anglers.
It is expected the North Coast Railway
Company officials would • lend all neces
sary aid in the replenishing of the stream.
Anglers also suggest the framing of an
ordinance by the Marin County Super
visors prohibiting the taking of trout
smaller than five inches from the streams
of the county. A certain class of men
take flngerllngs by the hundreds and thus
help depopulate the trout streams.
ANGLERS of this city are expressing
a desire to see the streams near here
—the Paper Mill, Sonoma' and Los
Gatos— thoroughly stocked by the
California State Fish Commission.
There is a good deal of activity about
the boathouse of the South End Rowing
Ciub on "Sundays, four, or five big barge
crews going out during the "day. -At the
next meeting of .the club it is probable the
use jof .the boathouse will be offered to
the icrews and scullers of the Ariel and
Pioneer Rowing Clubs, .- which have no
quarters at present. As Robert McAr
thur'has been declared. a professional, it
seems "doubtful whether the South Ends
will succeed in getting together a senior
barge crew; but a junior four consisting
of J. P. Foley, J. Berger, Ed Pallas and
Matt Harris Is practicing regularly
The Dolphins had hard luck with their
schooner trip and clam-bake last Sunday
The schooner left" the North Beach club
house at 9:30 in the morning and after
sailing about the bay until noon set oat
for . Strawberry Point, but, owing > to the
loss of the centerboard, was not able to
make it: Then. an attempt was made to
reach 1 the rendezvous in. a launch but the
launch broke down ¦ and ' failed to land its
passengers at Strawberry Point. >»
Though the blustering weather last
Sunday kept many visitors away from
the opening regatta of the Alameda Boat
Club, all the events were successfully
carried out. The prospects for the com
ing season are good. The Alameda oars
men seem likely- to win a large propor
tion of this year's championships. The
club has strong senior, intermediate and
junior barge. crews and will also have en
tries in the shell and outrigged skiff
races. . ' . .
•It was decided that one barge crew be
brought down from Portland, and .that
the cockswain shall be a single sculler
As the Portland oarsmen use shells and
not four-oared barges, one of the local
clubs will lend, a racing barge to the
visitors. As the Reliance Athletic Club,
the Academic Athletic League and other
organizations deserve some recognition in
a citizens' celebration on a' public holiday
it has been decided to hold a few track
and field events during the afternoon, as
well as the rowing races. /
He > also expressed the conviction that
races of one mile in length would be long
enough to test the speed and 'the stam
ina of contestants and would prove much
more Interesting and exciting to the spec
tators than the regular mlle-and-a-half
championship events. He stated the peo
ple of Oakland want to see a well-con
ducted series. of keert races, but do not
care at all whether they are championship
or not, or what the exact length of the
course may be, ¦ W. B. Hlnchman, presi
dent of the Pacific Association of tho
Amateur Athletic Union; was desirous of
retaining as much of the appropriation a3
possible in the shape of prizes for the
localoarsmen. The Lake Merritt regatu
seems likely to be the only large general
rowing regatta of the year, and the Pa
cific Association officials wLsh to make It
a championship event. *
The sum of one thousand dollars has
been granted for the afternoon festivities,
by far the most - important of which will
be • the rowing races. S. J. Pembroke,
captain of the Olympic Boat Club, was
in attendance and strongly urged the de
sirability of bringing large crews and
single scullers down from British Colum
bia and Portland, to give the races an
international character. That this might
be done he suggested the prizes for the
rowing races be of moderate value, thus
leaving more to be expended in trans
portation and hotel bills for the north
erners. ¦; ' ' •/ • •••
EARLY, in the week the celebration
committee of the citizens of Oakland
and representatives of th© rowing clubs
met in trie Merchants* Exchange at
Oakland and discussed the July 4th
regatta on Lake Merritt.
Britt works hard daily. "Spider" Kelly
is looking after his training and the
Olympic Club boxer Is in superb condition.
He has agreed to box George McFadden
in June if he wins from Lavigne.
Lavigne is being handled by MarK
Shaugnnessy and his brother "Billy." He
Bays he never felt in better, condition. He
is the picture of health and feels aa
strong as a backwoodsman.
The "Kid" has battled his way to the
top of the fistic ladder and has always
borne an excellent reputation for game
ness in the ring. When he fights, his op
ponent is watchful, as he is a dangerous
customer. Lavigne punches with both
hands and when he lands something us
ually drops. He proved he has not gone
back by taking Tim Hegarty's measure
in quick order. He has taken splendid
care of himself for several years and will
give a good account of himself. . • . -
-Britt is ambitious to reach the top* of
the pugilistic ladder of fame and is grad
ually working his way upward. That he
can fight, was evidenced in his previous
contests. The public will see a hot battle
while it lasts, as the men are willing and
aggressive fighters.
When Britt ceases training the day be
fore the fight he will have practically fin
ished a solid year of hard exercise. He
haa been under the strain, of constant
training since last May, having engaged
in an amateur and a professional contest
every month since that time.. Lavlgne's
headquarters at the Six Mile are besieged
every day by scores of visitors, who jour
ney over the big hill to - see the Saginaw'
boxer go through his training stunts.
This will be the first real test of Britt, as
Lavigne la considered . the moat serious
stumbling block in the way of Britt' s
championship aspirations.
NOW that Fitzslmmons and Jeffries
have arranged their meeting, the in
terest of local ring-goers is centered
on the coming, boxing contest be
tween "Jimmle" Britt of this city and
;'Kid" Lavigne of Saginaw, Mich. They
are to battle in Woodward's Pavilion next
Thursday night under the auspices of the
San Francisco Athletic Club. Britt is
training at Croll's Gardens, Alameda,
while Lavigne is. working at the Six Mile
House. * ¦¦¦..'—,..¦.
Next week the Santa j Cruz team will
pay its first visit of the season ; to San
Francisco, and on Decoration day will
play against the Pacific eleven at Ala
meda. On Saturday, May 31, the Santa
Cruz cricketers will begin their match
against the Alameda eleven.- A.. G.
Sheath, who played with the Santa Cruz
club last season, has resigned his mem
bership. It is not expected that Harold
Richardson will play more than orice^or
twice this year, as he is living at Bakw-s
fleld. E. G. Sloman's name, however, is
on the membership roll, and so is that of
H. H. Cookson.
The Pacific. eleven last Sunday com
pletely reversed its usual habit, which is
to make a strong opening and break
down later. .Casidy, Coles and Wilding
scored only 14 runs between them, and
the first six wickets fell for 28 runs; but
F. Bennion, 24, J. J. • Theobald; 30 not
out, and T. J. A. Tiedeman, 11, brought
the score up to the respectable total of
103. The Alameda team fell all to pieces,
F. J. Croll, 10, being the only man to
score double figures.* Casidy and Kort
lang disposed of the whole eleven with
48 balls, six of the batsmen adding noth
ing to the score. In their second in
nings the Alameda men did better, F, J.
Croll scoring 19 and Harold Ward 11. I H.
G. Fortmann and Arthur Dickinson did
not bat, . and the innings ended for 52
runs, making a total of. 70 for two in
nings. The Pacifies accordingly won the
second pennant match of the season by
33 runs and an innings,- and their record
now stands — Matches played, 2; won, 2;
lost, 0. B. Kortland, a recent arrival
from Australia, proved a most effective
bowler, with good length and break. He
is a valuable addition to the Pacific team.
by A. E. Acklom and an. eleven of
the Pacific Club minus a few of the
strongest players, . such as H. C. Casidy,
A. .W. Wilding, C. P. Coles and the new
Australian acquisition, B. Kortlang.
THE schedule of the California
Cricket Association being open, to
morrow a match has been arranged
between a team of veterans made up
Hogan Fields in a Clever
Manner but Appears to
Be Slow in Hitting Ball
Contest Is Expected to Be
a Fast and a -Merry
! One While It Continues
Anglers .Would Like to See
a Big Distribution of
: Trout in Nearby Waters
Unusual Preparations n Are
Making for the Event on
the Lake Merritt Course
An Eleven of Old-Timers
Will Meet the .Pacifies
at the Alarfieda Grounds
DESIRE STREAMS
WELL STOCKED
CRICKET DRAWS
THE VETERANS
OAKLAND TEAM
BATTING WEAKLY
OARSMEN EXPECT
A BIG REGATTA
BRITT IS READY
FOR HARD FIGHT
GEORGE LAVIGNE, THE FAR FAMED SAG IN AW KID, AT HIS TRAINING, AND JIHMIE BRITT, HIS NEXT OPPONENT.
Celebrates His Return to the National
I/eague Fold by Winning for
' : Philadelphia.
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
ST LOUIS, May 23. — After a slugging match
to-day St. Louis beat Boston. Nichols slole
home In the seventh. Attendance, 1100. Score:
R. H. E.
St. Louis 10 17 2
Boston 6 12 0
Batteries* — Murphy, Wicker and Nichols;
Eaion, Plttlnger and Klttredge. Umpires —
Power and Brown. j %
PITTSBURG, May 23.— Plttsburg won out in
the ninth Inning with Beaumont's three-bagger
and Burke' s bunt. Attendance. 2100. Score:
R. H. E.
Pittsburg 2 9 3
New York 1 T 1
Batteries — Doheny and H. Smith; Sparks
and Bowennan. Umpire — Emslie.
CHICAGO, May 23.— Chicago lost to Phila
delphia to-day because of Inability to hit I
Fraser, who celebrated hia return to the N'a
tional field by pitching a clever game. At
tendance, 1100. Score:
R. H. E.
Chicago ...2 7 2
Philadelphia 5 10 2
Batteries — Gardner and Chance; Fraser and
Jacklltsch. Umpire— O' Day.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
BOSTON, May 23.— Griffith's poor pitching
in the fifth inning was responsible for Chi
cago's defeat by Boston to-day. Attendance,
4734. Score:
R. H. E.
Boston 6 10 6
Chicago 3 8. 4
Batteries — Youns and - Crlger. Griffith and
Sullivan.
PHILADELPHIA. May 23.— Cleveland was
shut out up to the ninth, when with two out
Joss singled and Bradley followed with a home
run. a feat which Bradley has performed
three days In succession. Attendance, 1500.
Score: .
Cleveland M "'* *
Philadelphia 6 12 3
Batteries— Strelt and Bemis; Plank and
Powers.
WASHINGTON'. May 23. — St. Louis won to
day's gam* from Washington by opportune
hitting. Washington could do little with
Harper after the second Inning. Attendance.
2100. Score: R R £
Washington 3 10 3
8t Louis • 7 14 1
Batteries— Patton and Clark; Harper and
Sugden. . ..
BALTIMORE, May 23.— MeGann ..wu or
dered back from third to first base In the
seventh inning: on the claim by Detroit that
Catcher Kelly had Interfered with the ball.
Because he protested MeGann waa banished
from the grounds. Attendance, 3000. Score:
R. H. E.
Baltimore ? J 2
Detroit 3 7 3
Batteries — McGlnnlty. Bresnahan and Robin- " ,
son; S levers and McGuire.
CHICK FHASER PITCHES
'(; A GOOD GAME AT CHICAGO
This afternoon the San Franciscos will
cruise to Paradise Cove, where they will
anchor for the night. To-morrow there
•will be a clambake on the shore. To pass
the time while the clams and other good
things are being cooked, ¦ there will be
Bwinuning, yawl, sack and tub races, a
trial of speed for fat men and a tug-of
¦war. It is possible a pennant will be of
fered the yacht first picking up .her
rooorings at Sausalito, the crews of the
various craft taking station on the beach,
pulling off to their yachts, hoisting sail
and weighing 1 'anchor at a given signal.
The event is in charge of a committee
consisting of J. F. Log-an, R. D. Noble,
W. W. Haley, A. R. Haskins and J. C.
IVeirs.
The preliminary signal for the race will
be given at 1:25 p. m. next Saturday, and
the start will take place on the fire of a
signal gun at 1:30 p. m. It has
been decided in view of the great
Interest felt in the contest to
charter a steamer, tickets to which
will be sold for 50 cents, for the ac
commodation of the many spectators who
•will desire to get a good view of th<>
racing yachts. Dr. T. L. Hill is a com
mittee on chartering the steamer. T. J.
Kavanaugh Is charged with the duty of
securing a leeward stakeboat and P. J.
Martenstein will arrange for the stake
boa'ts off Meiggs wharf.
NEXT week will be one of the busiest
that has ever occurred in local
yachting. On Decoration day the
seventeenth annual Corinthian Club
regatta and the ninth annual class flag
regatta of the California Yacht Club wil!
take place over the regular courses.
The Corinthian races will be under the
management of the regatta committee,
which consists of E. B. Learning, T. J.
Kavanaugh and P. J. Martenstein. The
yachts will be divided into six classes,
¦which will be started at intervals' of ten
minutes. There is a large entry list, and
the races promise to be fully as interest
ing as usual.
Frank Stone's Presto will sail in the 30
foot class and Sharpe & Toepke's Har
poon will go round the course in the 56
foot class as a preliminary for the chal
lenge cup race on May 3L In order to
accommodate the spectators a steamer
v.ill accompany the yachts, tickets being
on sale to the general public.
The California Yacht Club regatta "will
be under the management of the regatta
committee, which consists of August R.
F. Brandes, C. A. Loring and W. H. Wil
liamson. As the first mark in the regatta
is Blossom Rock buoy, which is also one
of t*e turning points in the Corinthian
races, the California yachts, which will be
close-hauled in coming up to the buoy,
•will yield the right of way to the Co
rinthian yachts, which will be under light
sails. Any time lost by so doing will be
allowed on application to the regatta com
mittee. It being low water at 11:08 on the
morning of Decoration day, the races will
take place wholly on a flood tide.
On Saturday, May 31, the race for the
Perpetual challenge cup will take place
between the San Francisco Yacht Club's
new Eloop The Challenger and Sharpe &
Toepke's sloop Harpoon, which will de
fend the trophy on behalf of" the Co
rinthians, its present holders. The re
sratta committees of the two clubs met on
Monday last and settled nearly all the de
taJs of the race.
The contest between the challenging and
the defending yachts will be unusually in
teresting, as The Challenger was designed
by one of the most noted Eastern design
ers, and Is a fip-keel sloop built specially'
lor racing. The defender is a center
board craft designed and built by a na
tive Calif ornian. The opinion of yachts
men as to the outcome of the race is
much more divided than it was some
weeks ago, when nearly all conceded vic
tory to the challenging yacht. The excel
lent performance of the sloop Harpoon,
vhich defeated Frank Stone's Presto by
nearly fourteen minutes' actual sailing
time over the fourteen-mile course, has
caused the Corinthians to be much more
hopeful and the San Franciscos much less
confident as to the result. It is believed
that a strong wind will favor Harpoon
and that a light breeze will increase the
chances of The Challenger. W. G. Mor
row, captain of The Challenger, believes
that, her sail plan was too large. It has
beeii reduced, so her racing length will be
considerably under thirty feet as stated
in the letter of challenge. The San Fran
cisco committee has asked that the time
fillowance to be received by The Chal
lenger be based on her actual racing
length as ascertained by measurement
end not on the stated length of thirty
feet, which was only approximate. This
point was referred to the Corinthian di
rectors, as the regatta committee of the
defending club, while having full power
to decide all matters connected with the
race, did not desire to settle this point
on their own responsibility.
A COMMITTEE has been appointed by
ttie American Coursing Board to se
lect a time and a place for the run
ning of this year's American Water
loo. The committee is made up of L. F.
Bartels of Denver (chairman), J. H. Roa
seter of San Francisco, J. J. Lavin of St.
Louis S. F. Handy of Minneapolis and
W J. Erwin of Honey Grove, Tex.
The meeting was held in St. Louis, Mo.,
last year, and Judge Grace of this city
officiated in the saddle. This year it will
probably be held at Sherman, Tex. The
date of the meeting will be given serious
consideration by the committee. Late m
November is the time favored by the
ccursing men. This will afford them an
opportunity to run their dogs in the rich
Futurity stake and in the John Grace
cup stake. It will also afford the Eastern
coursing men an opportunity to send their
dogs for the principal stakes. This will
bring to the front the best greyhounds,
from which a selection can be made of
dogs worthy to compete for the American
If held* late In November It will un
doubtedly attract a large entry and
"class" would be more thoroughly repre
sented than in past years.
The draw for the California Coursing
Committee stake will be held next
Wednesday night. This stake will be the
feature of the card for next week's meet
ing at Union Park, which will extend over
three days, commencing with Decoration
day. Beacon, Palo Alto, Rector and Ho
mer Boy will form a quartet of perform
ers hard to beat. The courses between
any two of these will be on the sensa
tional order.
The special coursing train for Union
Park will leave Third and Townsend
streets at 1 p. m. to-day. The attraction
this afternoon will be the first round of a
sixty-four-dog open stake. The remain
ing rounds and a twenty-four-dog special
stake will furnish the sport at the park
to-morrow. The probable winners in the
run-down of the two stakes look to be:
Special stake — America. Game Boy, Loyal
Lad. Narcissus, Lost Chord, Fannie Hughie,
Fontenoy, Flying Fox, Dewdrop, Santonin.
Luxor and Rocker.
Open stake — Flower of Gold. Prompt©, Lear
King, Menlo Prince. Toronto, Wedgewood, Lib
erator. Terronette. Fly by Night, Pepita. Chal
lenger, Lady Newark. Pat Freedom, Crockett
Hill. White Hat. Motto. Scotch Reel. Petro
nlus, Riley Grannan. October Lad, Fenil. May
Hempstcad, Dragon Fly, Musket. Rural Art
ist. Full Moon,- Partial Eclipse, Jingle Bells,
Old Ironsides. Mose. Gold Hill and The Jewess.
Carl Chiarini has purchased the English
dog Gambit from Fred Darling and will
scon have him in the running. He has
shown speed, and once he becomes ac
climated is expected to land Inside the
money.
J. S. Badt's Lovina has been mated
with the English dog Fortuna Favente.
Match . for the Perpetual
Challenge Cup Expected
to Prove a Stubborn One
to Be the Scene of the
Coursing for the Trophy.
Sherman, Texas, Is Likelv
Want the American Stake
Decided After the Rich
Events East and West
Corinthian and California
Club Men Will Take Part
in the Exciting Contests
DECORATION. DAY
WILL BE MARKED
BY YACHT RACES
LEASHMEN DESIRE
ANNUAL WATERLOO
DATES CHANGED
THE SAN FEANOISeO, CALL, SATUBDAY, MAT 24, 1902.
CALIFORNIA LIGHTWEIGHT BOXER WILL BE TESTED BY THE REDOUBTABLE "KID" LAVIGNE
10PHOENIX.. Kriz., . May 23.— Tomas Cordlva
n-ae captured at the pump station near ' Con
gress to-day by Deputy Sheriffs Gibson and
Slarkard of thin county. He confesses the
killinK of nins Oillan near Buckeye," and says
that Gillau had stolen his wife. ¦
Justice George P. Andrews.
NEW YORK, Mav 24.— Supreme Justice
George "P. Andrews died at his home in
this city "at 2:15 o'clock this morning, in
his sixty-sixth vear.
Pythian Grand Lodge Adjourns.
The Grand Lodge of the Knights of
Pythias closed its labors yesterday after
noon. It : was decided to allow ; the grand
keeper of records | and seal an . assistant
at an annual ; salary of j $600, and 1 to allow
him $400 a year for, expenses. The mat
ter of county exhibits was again taken
up and discussed. The plan suggested at
the 'previous session was. adopted. The
persons selected to act * as ' committeemen
will report to .W. H. Grant pf Woodland
for , instruction.' - The officers ; elected for
the, term were .installed-:. by- Past Grand
Chancellor, Dr., Arndt. after which an -ad
journment was taken until 1 the third Moni'
•day in June of next year,' wlren the lodge*
meets at , Santa Cruz.' • -- . . " .
Ryan Defeats Willie Fitzgerajd.
CHICAGO, May £3.— Buddy Ryan, the
Chicago feather-weight, defeated Willie
Fitzgerald of Brooklyn in a six-round
contest here to-night. " v ii
Cracksman Breaks Into the Residence
of Captain Batchelder, on Cen- *
: ,' tral Avenue.
Louis Dickman, 13 years of age, . put a
burglar to flight in the home of his, uncle.
Captain N. P. Batchelder, at 310* Central
avenue,. Thursday night. Dickman and
his mother, Mrs. C. Dickman, the well
known singer, live in the house.
,The family had gone;out;to spend-the
evening, leaving -the- boy and the house
maid ; In charge. Young Dickman retired
early to his room on the second floor and
was awakened about 11 o'clock. by a noise
downstairs. Opening the, door, of his
room he saw a man 1 walking stealthily up
the. stairs. Quickly '.seizing a revolver
loaded ; with blank cartridges, " *. Dickman
tired twice and the burglar jumped, over
the banisters and. disappeared.
The -' shots V attracted • the ¦ attention of
Special Officer Delmer.-.who hurried ' to the
house, but could: find-no trace of- the
burglar, » who had .i effected'. an 'entrance
through, a rear window. ," •.
Young Peter' Jackson "Wins.
BALTIMORE, May 23.— The bout to
night between Youns: Peter Jackson and
Harry Walsh of Canada was stopped at
the end of the tenth round by the referee,
who awarded the decision to Jackson.
Walsh was practically knocked out..
PLUCKY BOY PUTS
:>7r BURGLAR TO FLIGHT
Preliminary Examination* of Arthur
Terry Charged With Murder of
Aged John Brady. A V'.'j
The preliminary examination of Arthur
Terry on a charge of murder was com
menced before Judge Cabaniss yesterday
Terry is accused of fatally kicking aged
John Brady in a cell at the branch police
station in the City Hall, on the afternoon
of May 12. Brady had been arrested fo?
drunkenness, and an< hour later Terrv
who was arrested for disturbing thn
peace, was placed In the cell with Bradv
A few minutes later Brady was dlscovl
ered in an unconscious condition, with his
head covered with blood. He died in a
few hours. . '
Dr. C. M. Armistead testified as to the
nature of Brady's wounds, sixteen in
number. Policemen ; J. A. Ryan P 3 j
Mitchell. J. C. Laws, John Phelan and
H. G. White testified to the arrest of the
two men. They said that Terry was in
an inebriate condition and ugly in tem
per. Phelan further testified that when
he spoke to Terry about kicking the old
man, Terry replied : "Well, he made a
pass at me and I let him have it.'.' .There
was a streak of blood/ on -Terry's right
shoe. The. case was continued till next
Wednesday-
INVESTIGATING KILLING
OF PRISONER IN A CELL
Occidental Athletic Club Outing.
The cross country tramp of the -Occi
dental Athletic Club will be held to
morrow. The route lies from Mill Valley
through Redwood Canyon to West Point
and thence back to the starting place,
where luncheon will be served.
Olympic Club Handball.
The handball games played last night
in the Olympic Club tournament re
sulted as follows:
Ransom and Bowman 21 21
Powers and Green.. 5. 12
Fitzpatrick and Forbes. 21 21
Starr and Ophuls... 15 is
Cunningham- and Martin 21 21
Hammersmith and Pentony 8 12
Business Houses and Commercial
Bodies Are Well Represented
Upon the List.
The list was opened yesterdav for book
ing of the party who will make up; the
trip through the Sacramento Valley un
der the ausnlces of the promotion com
mittee and the following expressed tielr
Intention to eo:
James • S. Bu'nnell.' Maurice Block, ¦ J. F.
Nesmlth, W. D. Dennett, H. A. French, F. E.
Wright, Walter H. Castle, Sanford Feigen
baum, Rufus P. Jennings. A. Sbarboro: Will
S. Green, W. H. Feldmann, E. H. Feldmann,
Frank J. Symmes," C. M. Wight, A. G. Towne.
Thomas J: Welsh, Charles K. Miller, Andrew
Carrlgan. B. S. Hubbard,. E. M. Bachelder, C.
p. Thurston, I>avid Neustadter, Gus Wormser,
M.: J. Brandens'tein, Edwin A. Barnes,' William
Fries, George L. Walker, George Wheaton,
William R. Wheeler, J. P. Currier, Frank S.
Johnson. P. C. Rossi. -C. F/.Runyon,' Edward D.
Taylor, George A. Armsby, Milton Heynemann,
C. M. Wooster, A. Byrne.
The party wilf be limited to 123 persons.
Applications for transportation must be
sent to the California Promotion Commit
tee at 6 California street. . - s
MANY MERCHANTS BOOK
FOB, SACBAMENTO TOTJE,
California Defeats Victoria.
VICTORIA, B. C. May 23.— Victoria
was favored with perfect weather for the
opening of the Victoria day celebration
The city was thronged by visitors. Ath
letic sports, rifle shooting and yacht rac
ing, took up the morning and in the after
noon the University of California baseball
team played- the- Victoria nine before a
gathering of 3000 persons. The Califor
nians won by 5 to 4. A return game will
be played to-morrow. In the evening
there was a display and illumination of
the cit;\
Bank Case on Appeal. ,
The appeal of the London, Paris an*
American Bank from a judsfinent by
United States Circuit* Judge Morrow • in
the case of Rosalie Aaronstein against the
bank was argued and submitted yesterday
in the United States Circuit Court of Ap
peals. Adolph Aaronstein, deceased,
owned stock in the bank, and after his
death the bank refused to transfer the
stock on the books and contended that the
will must be probated in England. Judge
Morrow decided that the probate depart
ment of the Superior Court of this city
had exclusive jurisdiction.
Professor E. Knowlton, former presi
dent of the Lincoln Grammar School of
this city, delivered a lecture yesterday
afternoon to the boys of the University
School at 2310 Clay street. Mr. Knowl
ton's lecture was on the work of Dr.
Oliver Wendell Holmes, who was a
schoolmate of Mr. Knowlton. His lec
ture was very interesting and well de
livered.
Lecture to Schoolboys.
Angels Tally Seven Runs in the
. Fifth Inning. .
LOS ANGELES. May 23.— Three singles,
a double, a base on balls, a hit batter and
a bunch of errors were responsible for the
seven runs piled up by Los Angeles in the
fifth inning. Kane's wildness and the er
rors of his support all came in a bunch.
Eoth before and after the fifth he pitched
gcod ball. Shugaft fielded^and batted In
poor form. Waddell was touched up for
three hits In the first Inning, which,
coupled with an error, gave the visitors
their only runs. They could do nothing
with Rube after the first. Hannivan
played second base in place of Raymer.
who is suffering from a fractured rib, sus
tained at Sacramento, and which he did
net discover until to-day. . Particularly
brilliant features were lacking, but It. was
noticeable Los Angeles pulled together in
much better shape than' yesterday. At
tendance 2000. The score: 1
- LOS ANGELES.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Tomani ss •••* ? T a ° 3 °
Hannivan. 2b £ } } 0 1 0 0
Slagle. If 5 ¦ J " i 2 x ° °
Householder, cf 4 12 0 2 0 1
Reilly. 3b 3 1 0 1 3 3 0
GlbbsVrf f ? 1 0 0 0 0
Anderson, c 4 1 0 0 - 8 2 0
Hanlon. lb -3 ... 1 1 0 12 0 .1
Waddell, p 4 0 2 0 0 2^ 0
Total3 ..........30 8 9 1 27 10, 2
SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. .A. E.
McNlchois. 2b 5 13 0 .1 2 1
McHale. If ••• * 9 2 ° 5 ° 0
Nordyke, lb ¦* 1 2 1 10 . 0 0
Shusrart. 3b 4 ° 0 0 l 5 3
Leahy, c • f « J ° 3 1 *
Holly, ss ' ...4 0 1 0 1 5 0
Glendon, rf •••.••••*" 5 ° 2v0 1
Delmas. cf -.3 0 0 0 1 0 0
Kane, p •• 4 0 1 000 0
Totals ........... -36 2 8 1 24 13 6
* RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS. '
Los Angeles 0 0 0. 0 7 0 0. 1 x— 8
Base hits ......10 114 0 1 1 x— 0,
San Francisco... "..2 0 0 0 0 0 0 0.0—2
Base hits ...... .3, 0 0 0 -1 1 3 0 0—8
SUMMARY. >-;.;:)
. Two-base hits — Householder, Hanlon. Holly.
Sacrifice hit — Delmas. First base on errors —
Los Angeles ». San Francisco 2. First base on
called balls — Oft Kane 2. Left on bases — Log
Angeles - 8, : San Francisco 9. ¦ Struck out— -By
Waddell 8, by Kane 4. Hit by pitcher—
Reilly. " Passed ball — Anderson. Wild pitch—
Waddell.- Time ;of game — One hour '. and -fifty
minutes. Umplre-r-OJConnell. • .
Eavey Is Arraigned for Larceny.
Earl L. Eavey^ until recently a clerk of
the United - States Laundry, who was
brougrht back from Denver by Detective
McMahon. appeared in Judge Cabanlss"
court yesterday and was arraigned on a
charge of grand larceny. The case was
continued till June 2. Eavey. It is alleged,
stole $77 from the safe and fled, intending
to go to his home In Michigan, but was
arrested In Denver, where great excite
ment was occasioned by the papers pub
lishing that he was wanted for the mur
der of Nora Fuller.
ably on Financial Conditions
in Interior.
Bank Commissioners Report Favor-
The Board of Bank Commissioners re
ports that the interior savings banks of
California are extremely prosperous. The
financial condition of these institutions,
according to the official returns rendered
April 30 and given out by the Bank Com
missioners yesterday, ia as follows:
. Resources— Bank premises, 1770,563 49; real
estate taken for debt. $2,51-1,160 35; miscella
neous stocks and bonds and county warrants,
$10,402,370 57; loans on real estate, $29,493,
2G3 43; loans on stocks, bonds and warrants,
$1.363.ti54 17; money on hand. $084,565 83; due
from bankers, S3.S95.131 50 ; loans on personal
security, Including overdrafts, $1,363,634 17;
loans on other securities, $209,107 69; other as
sets. $425,258 30; total resources $52,025,109 73.
Liabilities— Capital paid In- coin, $r.,S29,
205 00; reserve fund. $1,607,705 24: due depos
itors, $45,962,124 SS: due banks and bankers.
$41,025 14; other liabilities. $335,139 47; total
liabilities. $52,025,199 73.
a Grand Celebration Next
August.
Preliminary Steps Are Taken to Give
At the session of , the Grand Court of
the Foresters of America recently held in
Stockton it was decided that there should
be a grand initiation of Foresters in vari
ous parts of the jurisdiction, and the mat
ter has been taken hold of by the courts
of this city. Three delegates from each
court have been. appointed to a conven
tion that Is to meet every Friday night to
perfect plans and carry out the idea. The
courts of Alameda County, Marin County
and. Santa Clara County have been asked
to assist. Last night there was a meeting
of the delegates In the Alcazar building
with J. G. Chase Jr., acting as president,
and an outline of the work was presented.
It was decided to have a parade- on the
evening of August 15, to be followed by
initiation, in one of the large halls, of at
least five hundred candidates. On the fol
lowing night a grand. ball will be held in
ceiebration of Foresters' day. Commit
tees on hall, parade, music and promo
tion were appointed.
. -The committee on promotion will be re
quired to visit all the courts and boom
the project. At the -next meeting the
committees will present reports, and .It
will then be ' known where the ceremony
of Initiation and the ball will be held. It
is expected that the committee on parade
will at that time make known what nov
elties . willbepresented^^^_/w
SAVINGS BANKS SHOW
INCREASED PROSPERITY
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON. May 23.— Senor
Correa, the Nicaraguan Minister, called
on Secretary Hay to-day and assured htm
of the willingness of his Government to
make any changes that may_ be required
in the canal treaty recently negotiated
and sent to the Senate. This statement
¦indicated the willingness of Nicaragua to
make concessions to the United States in
the amount of compensation to be paid
for the right of way, over which
the Government of Nicaragua has been
very stiff. The campaign of the Pan
ama canal element is now being devoted
entirely to declarations that what has
happened in Martinique is likely to take
place in Lake Nicaragua.. It Is probable
that this scare will have the effect of
saving the United States several million
dollars If the Nicaragua route Is adopted.
to the nose. Corbett got Inside of two of Broad's
leads. Corbett was weakened and on the defen
sive. Broad put four left Jabs to Corbett's face
without a return. Corbett was groggy after
seven hard la.be on the nose. Corbelt rallied
and came back with right swings on nose. They
were fighting fast and furious at close range.
Corbett put a hard left Jab to the nose. Broad
landed right to the wind. Corbett missed right
swing. Corbett landed left jab, but Broad
countered with right and left. Corbett won.
After the flght there was an altercation
among the spectators, many of whom
were dissatisfied with the referee's deci
sion. Several men landed blows on each
other and for a moment- it looked like a
small-sized riot in the main aisle. The po
lice quickly separated the belligerents. No
arrests were made.
CRONSTADT, Russia, May 23.— This
morning the Czar and the Czarina and
President Loubet embarked on the royal
yacht Alexandra. When the yacht ar
rived alongside the cruiser Montcalm the
customary salutes were fired from ; the
French warships and the bands played the
national anthems.
The Czar and the Dowager Empress
boarded the Montcalm. The Czarina,
however, at the entreaties of the Czar and
President Loubet remained, in view of her
delicate health, on the Alexandra. Al
though Her Majesty was greatly disap
pointed at not visiting the French cruiser,
she insisted that her maids of honor and
suite should board the Montcalm, in order
that they be not deprived of the pleasure
of the visit.
The President entertained their Majes
.ties at luncheon. Loubet toasted the Czar
as follows: , .
"Sire: In coming on board the Montcalm
you have done the French navy an honor
which it will profoundly appreciate. The
sentiments of our sailors for their brave
comrades of the Russian navy manifest
themselves on every occasion that offers.
Whether In the Eastern seas, the Mediter
ranean or elsewhere, their fraternity evi
dences the union of their countries. I
shall carry away a warm and Imperish
able memory of my visit to this hospitable
empire, and France, which has heard with
joy the welcome extended to her repre
sentative, will remain faithful to the al
liance of which Russia, In common with
France, so fully appreciates the benefit.
I drink to the honor of the valiant Rus
sian navy."
. The Czar replied as follows:
"It Is infinitely agreeable to the Czar
ina and myself to again find ourselves
In the midst of the brave French sailors
and It is with especial pleasure that we
feel that , we are actually in France on
this fine vessel. We cordially thank you
for this visit. Mr. President, and beg you
to convey our most cordial greetings' 'to
France, the faithful friend and Steadfast
ally of Russia. I raise my glass to the
prosperity of the glorious navy of
h ranee. . ., .
At the conclusion of the toasts on the
French cruiser "The Marseillaise' "and
the Russian anthem were played As hP
was taking his leave the Czar repeated
his expressions of the extreme pleasure
afforded him by. the visit of PVesident
Loubet and the President of France
thanked His Majesty for his reception by
a friendly and allied nation. The Czar
and the Dowager Empress returned on
board the Alexandra at 3 o'clock An
hour later President Loubet paid 'a. final
visit to the royal yacht to inquire after
the Czarina's health, again to express his
P rospe s my the '- lmperial fam *'*
A^ 5 + °»! cl0 £ k th . e ' Fren <?h squadron sailed
amid the booming of guns and cheers
from the crews of Russian vessels and
the people that had assembled upon
ramparts of Cronstadt • \. .. p u
NEWLY ELECTED CAPTAIN
OF OAKLAND HIGH SCHOOL
TRACK TEAM.
Uncle Sam Can N03
Save Millions in Nica
ragua Canal Route.
Amid Roar of Rus
sian Guns.
French President Sails
LOW PARTS
WITH THE CZAR
OAKLAND, May 23.— The athletes
of the Oakland High School have
elected Thomas Coyne captain of
the track team for the coming
year. The election Is held upon
the eve of the close of school in order that
the new captain may prepare his plans
during vacation and be ready tOs carry on
the work when v the, school opens for the
winter.
The new captain has always taken a
great interest in the athletic events of the
high school,- and has taken a prominent
part In the contests of the 'Amateur Aca
demic League and of the inter-high
school contests of the coast. Coyne
is a lcng-dlstance runner, and last year
won the half-mile run for the Oakland
High School in the Amateur Academic
contest in 2:0S 1-5. He has been on four
winning relay teams for the Oakland High
School and is very popular with the bud
ding athletes. It is expected that he will
put a winning " track team in the field
during the coming season.
FORESTERS TO HOLD
MONSTER- INITIATION
DURING the next week there will be
three tennis tournaments played on
the local courts. The first will Ue
the academic doubles, which will ba
played this morning on the California
Club courts. The second will be the class
singles tournament on the park courts to
morrow and the third will be for the
championship of San Francisco, which
will be decided on the club courts. ThU
event has become an annual affair and
will be played on Decoration day o£ each
year.
George Whitney is the present cham
pion, but instead of merely defending his
title as in the other championships, he
will be called upon to go through the
rounds of the tournament. Being a cham
pionship event, it will be open to all, and
there will undoubtedly be a large number
of the park experts on hand to take part.
The tournament will commence next Fri
day and will be finished on the following
Sunday. All matches' but the finals will
be two sets out of three. The finals will
be three out of five. Whitney is expected
to win again without much trouble, but
there will be some interesting matches
when the crack players of the park and
the club experts come together.
This is the off season for tournaments
on the California Club courts and none
will be held there until n^xt winter. The
only events the summer are the
State and coast championships to be held
in July and September respectively.
The second of a series of class tour
naments for the challenge cups will be
held to-morrow on the park courts. The
holders are Will Allen of the first class
and Kenneth Marr of the second. The
cups are to be won three times. The forty
four men who entered the first tourna
ment are the only ones eligible to take
part in future matches. Several of the
local club cracks were anxious to play hi
one of these tournaments, but the facs
that it was closed kepi them from trying
conclusions with the park players. .-'-,:
The drawing for the tournament result
ed as follows: First class, preliminary
round— G. K. Bates vs. L. R. Thiebault.
First round — J. A. Code vs. H. E. Routh;
W. D. Geary a bye; JW. B Lee vs. W. Al
len; Charles Dunlap vs. T. W. Tetley.
Second class, preliminary round— M. C.
Campbell vs. Scott Lewis; A. Beyfuss V3.
Kenneth Marr; G. Reading vs. R.- W.
Turner. First round— L. \V. Kaiser vs.
J. L. Smith; J. B. Adams vs. S. H. Routh;
W. F. Staff vs. L. C. Bozart; E. H. Clear
vs. C. Coleman: M. A. Edwards vs. A.
McFarland; C. Griffin vs. W. C. Webster;
Philip Martin vs. D. W. Kamp; W. A.
Twiggs a bye; G. Eacret vs. H. A.
Turner; G. F. Osborne vs.. W. McKenna;
J. M. Baker vs. A. Player; Harry Baer
vs. Ed Finnigan; T. D. Black vs. E. F.
Leilach; G. A. Cummlngs vs. B. McFar
land; E. Miller vs. G. James.
The first class "will without doubt .be
won by either Allen, Routh or Dunlap.
Allen is favorite and will probably again
win the cup. In the second class the play
ers are evenly matched, but Kenneth
Marr is a slight favorite.
The organization of a club among th-s
park players was a good move, and in
future the tournaments will be run off
much more smoothly than In the past."
This club will probably have the largest
membership list of any tennis club in the
West.
The doubles tournament for the cham
pionship of the Academic League will be
played this morning at 9:30. The singles
were won by Polytechnic High School last
Saturday, and that school is a strong fa
vorite in the doubles. The absence of
Rosenberg of Lowell makes It rather easy
for Polytechnic. Rosenberg and Beyfu33
would have given Geary and Mann a bard
fight, and many were of the opinion they
would win. Rosenberg's place will be ta
ken by Arthur Jones. The latter was a
good player at one time, but at present la
out of practice.
The following, teams have entered to
day's event: Harry Gorham and Leonard
Cutler, California School of Mechanical
Arts; N. Ambrose and Esterly, Berkeley
High School; Henry Mills and G. Ridley,
Trinity School; C. Lewis and M. Epstein,
Alameda High School; Hinds and Smith,
Oakland High School; Will Geary ami
Horace Mann, Polytechnic High School;
Alec Beyfuss and Arthur Jones, Lowell
High School.
THE Oakland artists did not ihave to
exert, themselves to any degree yes
terday .to make Fisher's world-beat
ers look like a lot of aspiring coppers
who failed to pass the civil service
examinations. It was one of those unin
teresting, ..go-as-you-please sort of func
tions, with Ewing continually clutching
the soft side of the score and liable to
break In and do things at any old time.
Hodson unwound himself for Ewingand
pitched a high art quality of ball. He was
touched for eight safe bumps, but showed
the true pitcher's; art in keeping 'them
scattered all along the line of battle. He
would' walk a man. when in doubt arid
then; turn in and throw. it over to the
next indivjdual, who was likely to hit the
ball to the infield and help complete one
ol these fast double plays I which have
made the stone wall inneld useful as well
as orhamental. -\ . ¦ ". . ; ¦";„ ;.. , . . .
•-Fisher' chose Doyle to serve them up for
the Senatorial carpet-baggers, and he was
all right except when Oakland needed .a
run. Then he ceased being the real arti
cie. On aJl. such occasions he was wal
loped In a lively manner— not too lively^
but just fast enough to give i Mike a
chance to see the runs being hung up in
bunches of two at a time. ". They always
came In twos and in ; three \ l different
rounds, while the Senators earned; one.;.
The first pair of Oakland'toddlers-ar
rived at the pan in the third spasm, aid
ed by Lohman's single",^Walters' double
and Streib's base hit. Singles by Hodson'
and- Streib and a base on 1 balls brought
two more around in the sixth, and two
more safe bangs, with the help, of Wag
ner's muff of Devereaux's -easy fly, put
the finishing touches on the day's sport.
The carpet-baggers only went through
a single run-getting act^ and that was in
the fifth. Unglaub put down a neat bunt
in the direction of third and Hogan sent
him to third-onadrive toleft field. Bon^
saved a shut-out by biffing after the man
ner of the youngster.
The carpet-baggers i had numerous
chances to make runs. They frequently
got two on. the bags and sometimes as
many as three, but that most essential
thing in baseball,.. the^ welcome base hit,
was continually lacking. They found no
dilKculty in connecting with Hoddie's
crookedness when no. one held down the
bags, but at the right time they could not
deliver the goods.* ¦ - .
Bone cut. a. few capers out in left for
Fisher and Incidental^ struck out twice
when a hit meant more than hard-cash
Hogan drove it : safely twice out of aa
many times at.bat. Dunleavy's error was
the result of dropping Unglaub's hard fly
to the fence in the seventh. Hodson made
a J, un ' 2 h1 } and a c 'ever sacrifice and
will strike for I a raise in salary Mc-
Creedie retired in the seventh in favor of
smiling Schmidt. The score:
¦OAKLAND-- ; .
:. , AB..R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Walters, c. f.... 4. a 3.0 1 0 0
Mohler, ' 2b V.3',0 ,0 ' 0 5 4 0
Streib, lb...V.......-4 1, 3 o HO 0
McCreedie. r. f. 2. 0 0 . 0 Q 0 0
Devereaux, 3b 4 1 » 0 0 1 4 0
Dunleavy. 1. f 4 0 1 0 a 0 1
Francks, • ss 4 0 0-0 3 3 0
Lohman, c 3 1 l o 3 0 0
Hodson, p 2 1 1*0 0 i 0
Schutfdt, r. f 0 0 0 •-, 0 .1 0 0
Totals 30 6 9 0 27 12 ~l
SACRAMENTO.
i AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Doyle, p xj, .40 0 01 4 0
Hulen, 2b... 5 0 0 0 '3 1 0
Sheehan, 3b. : ...4'0- 0 00 2 0
Eagan. lb 4 0 2 0 12 0 0
Graham, c 3 0 X O 1 2 I)
Unglaub, ss ..4 1 1 0 1 3 0
Wagner, 1. f 3 0 1 0 2 0 1
Hogan, c. f ..2 0 202 0 0
Bone, r. t 4 0 1 0 2 0 0
Totals 33 1 S 0 24 12 1
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Sacratnento 0 0 0 0 1 0 0 0 0 — 1
Base hits 0 0 0 1 3 1 0 1 2— S
Oakland 00 2 0 2 0 0 2 x — 3
Base hits .10 3 0 3 00 2 x— 0
SUMMARY.
Two-base hit— Walters. Sacrifice hits—Hod
son, Hogan. Schmidt; First base on errors-
Oakland 1. Sacramento 1. First base on called
balls — Off Hodson 4. off Doyle 1. Left on bases
— Oakland 4, Sacramento 6. Struck out — By
Hodson 3,. by Doyle 1. Hit by pitcher — Mc-
Creedle. Double plays — Francks to Streib,
Mohler to Streib. Time of came — 1 hour and
50 minutes. Umpire— McDonald.
PONIES ARE BEATEN.
Champion Whitney Defends
Title on Decoration Day
at California Club.
Hodson Puzzles Senators at
Critical; Points > and Scores v ¦
J ¦/ > a Run andaHit. -.
Doyle Is Hit Lively Whenever
E wing's Men Rest on./
./•". the ; Cushions.. ,, : .
Lively Week in Prospect for
the Winders of Racket
on Local Courts.
SECURES PROFIT
THROUGH SCARE
The men are to meet in this city on the
night of July 25th. Both principals were
opposed to a flght out of doors in the day
time. Jeffries did not attend the meeting
yesterday, his interests being carefuily
guarded by Billy Delaney and Kid Egan.
Fitzsimmons spoke for himself and
proved a master hand at arranging the
details for a fight. He was evidently
primed with statistics of the Jeffries-
Ruhlin contest, as he referred to that con
test frequently. He j had . his figures
twisted in one instance when he said
returns were made for only 300 spectators
in the gallery. An official of the club
corrected him, saying returns were made
on more than 2900 tickets for the gallery.
The club officials, with Fitzsimmons,
Delaney and Egan, went Into executive
session and discussed the details of the
fight for three hoursl Prices of admission
•were first taken up. The only thing defi
nite decided upon in this particular was
that $5 would be charged for admission
to the gallery. Doors are to be opened at
4 o'clock if the fighters think it neces-.
sary. .'::/- :; ; . '
The question of the "moving picture"
privilege resulted in a long and a heated
debate. Delaney finally said the club
cculd have anything they made out of the
privilege if Jeffries won the fight. Fitz
simmons then agreed to give. 20 ¦ per
ctnt of the proceeds from the pictures
and this amount was Inserted in the ar
ticles.
Further discussion was stirred up. over
thfc compensation of the referee. This of
ficial is to be paid by the club and Alex.
Greggains objected to allowing him $500
for his services. Eddie Graney said he
would not accept less. The matter was
finally left for future consideration. \.
The preliminary will probably be be
tween Jack Jeffries and Tom Wilson,
Fitzslmmons* sparring partner.
Billy Delaney leaves for Harbin Springs
tc-day to arrange for Jeffries* training
quarters. Fitzsimmons • and his I party
leave to-day for Skaggs Springs, where
they will settle down at once to I the
humdrum of training. "With eight' weeks
in which to train it is not expected either
man will do much hard work for the first
month. They will live out of doors. and
lay up a store of vitality for. the real
training work. '¦',-.'-'
The fighters insisted on the club putting:
up a $5000 forfeit which will be. divided
between the fighters If the club, cannot
carry out its contract. Each. of th'e fight
ers, put up certified checks for $2500 in"
the hands of Sam Thall, the stakeholder.
Jim Jeffries and His Retinue of Handlers
Will Settle Down at OnceT^Harbin,
While Fitz Will Work at S-kaggs Springs
ARTICLJES have been signed, for
feits posted and all the prelimin
ary details arranged for the Jef
frles-Fltzslmmons championship
fight.
The articles -of agreement- in full are as
follows: ¦ : . . i : ¦ -,¦-¦ ••
SAN FRANCISCO, May 23, -1902.'
Articles of agreement' entered Into between
James J. Jeffries and Robert Fitzsimmons and
the San Francisco Athletic Club of San Fran-
Cisco, California, witnesseth: ¦ •¦>'. "..•*.;
I. Jeffries and Fitzsimmons agree to. engage
In a twenty-round boxing contest under -the,
auspices of the San Franciscb Athletic Club on
the evening of July 25. 1902. Jeffries and Fitz
slmmons to receive 70 per cent of the gross re-,
ceipta of said contest. ¦¦'. •
2.. The contest to be conducted" under straight
Marquis of Queensberry rules.. ' ¦¦••..¦¦
3. The purse to be divided as. follows: To
the winner. 60 per cent, and to the loser 40 per
cent of said TO per cent of the gross receipts. •
-4. Edward Jl. Graney is designated and se
lected as the referee of said contest. ; ' . . - , . . .
5. The contestants to be -permitted the. use
of soft bandages.' ¦ ¦¦ « -¦•¦¦• ..-•-.
6. That neither party to this contest (Messrs.
Jeffries and Fltzslmmons) shall- engage .in a
ring contest, with the exception of sparring ex
hibitions in connection with theatrical engage
ments. Drior to this contest. .vv- --¦...
7. That each contestant may furnish his own
gloves, which are to be of regulation size ot
five ounces 'each. ' . \ :¦,¦¦¦: .,¦¦'.
8. Jeffries and Fitzsimmons hereby agree to
post $2500 each, to be forfeited in the' event of
either man falling to appear or to carry out any
of the provisions of these articles of agreement:
such sum of $2500 will be forfeited and divided
equally between the contestant appearing and
the club. -In the event of the club failing to
bring off the contest the sum of $5000 shall be
divided between the contestants.
9. The number of compllmentarles shall be
limited.
10. Jeffries and Fitzsimmons to submit at
all reasonable times to a physical examination
by a physician representing the San Francisco
Athletic Club.
II. Ring to be of regulation size, viz.:. twen
ty-four feet inside. Ui\
12. .The contestants reserve the right to have
the doors opened at any hour they may see fit.
. 13. ' It. is hereby mutually agreed ¦ that' no
speculating with tickets by any of the parties
to this agreement shall be indulged in, : .
. 14. The contestants or representatives have
full privilege and access to. box office and re
serve the right to place such representatives at
doors and entrances where they, deem it neces
sary. '•¦ ¦- .^- . ' ¦
15. The San Francisco Athletic Club to fur
nish a box office statement prior to the count
ing of boxes and to permit- the representatives
the prlvilge of counting the "deadwood" tickets
and also agrees to make a settlement in full on
the night of the contest.
.16. ¦ Such- contract as may be made between
the contestants and the club and any party or
parties which may take the "moving pictures"
shall -be divided as follows: Eighty per cent to
the winning contestant and 20 per cent to the
said club. '-••••
17. The club agrees to pay the referee's ser
vices. '" -¦ .- •-¦: ¦
Signed In triplicate on the date first men
tioned. "• •
ROBERT FITZSIMMONS.
'BILLY DELANEY,
... For James J. Jeffries.
- E.' C. HARRINGTON,
..•: For San Francisco Athletic Club.
OAKLANDS EASILY
DEFEAT SENATORS
IN A SLOW GAME
TENNIS EXPERTS
ARE MATCHED FOR
TOURNAMENT PLAY
HEAVYWEIGHT BOXERS WILL TRAIN
AT MOUNTAIN PLEASURE RESORTS
CHAMPION JEFFRIES AND "BOB" FITZSIMMONS SIGN ARTICLES TO FIGHT ON JULY 25
YOUNG CORBETT
DEFEATS BROAD
IN FAST FIGHT
Gains th* Decision in a
Contest Which Spectators
Claim Was an Even One
Third Meeting of Feather
weights, of Which Corbett
Has Scored Two Victories
Round 10 — They shook bands for the last
round. They went at each other with left Jabs
on the head. In a clinch both landed left and
right to the face. Corbett landed a hard left Jab
Round » — Both men came up fresh and aiix
lnus to mix it. Corbett landed left Jab to nose.
Corbctt put two left jabs on the ear. They
clinched. Broad ducked a left swing. Broad
put two lefts to Ccrbetf s face. Corbett ducked
a hard right. He tried a right swing that
Broad ducked cleverly. Broad put three lefts
to the nose in succession. Corbett put a left to
the jaw. Broad was aggressive and landed a.
stiff one on the Jaw. Corbett put a light left to
the nose and Uroad retaliated with a stiff right
to the ribs. This was Broad's round.
Round 8 — Corbett landed left jab on nose. He
tried a right swing for the head, but missed and
fell. Broad put hard left toCorbetf s nose. Broad
put right to .Corbetfs rlb» and got away with
out a return. Broad put hard left jab to Cor
bttt' s face. Broad was on the aggressive. Cor
bett put a right to wind. Broad landed left on
Jaw. Broad ducked a left Jab and put a light
right to the ribs. Corbett blocked Broad's leads
cleverly. They mixed it up with rights and
lefts to the head. Broad landed left to the
ribs and Corbett put a left to the ear.
Round 7 — Bread landed left jab on nose. They
clinched. Corbett landed a. stiff right to wind.
Broad landed Jab on the nose and Corbett coun
tered with right and left to the jaw. Corbett
landed a stiff left punch on the Jaw. He landed
his left three times on the jaw and had Broad
on the defensive. Broad jabbed a light left to
the jaw. Broad ducked a savage right swing.
Broad landed left on Corbett's ear and got away
¦without a return. They landed left and right
on the head. Broad landed a stiff cne on Cor
betfs jaw. Corbett put a. left to Broad's Jaw.
Both clinched with rapid infighting as the
gong sounded.
Round 0 — They clinceh. Broad put left to
Corbett's ear. Broad landed two right Jabs on
ear in a clinch and repeated the trick. Corbett
missed a left swing, but put bard right to the
v/ind. Broad put a hard left jab to Corbett's
nose. Broad ducked a right swing. Corbett
rushed to a clinch and they mixed it up. Cor
bett landed a vicious Itft jab on nose and hard
right to ribs. Broad put two Jabs to Corbett's
no?**. Corbett landed on stomach and Broad
countered on face. Corbett jabbed Broad in the
nose, lie missed an upper cut as the gong
sounded.
Round 5 — They mixed up at the tap of the
Bong. Right and left Jabs followed each other
In quick succession. Broad landed two hard
left jabs on the' nose. Corbett put right to
wji.d. Corbett lauded left Jab to nose. Broad
landed feard left jab on th.e nose. They w«re
slugging with plenty' of steam" to their blows.
Broad landed on Corbetfs nose. Broad jabbed
Corbett in the face with left. Corbett ducked
right swing for the Jaw. In a clinch Corbett
landed left jab. Corbett put lett to Broad's
nose as the round closed.
BOTH MEN TBY SLUGGING.
Round 4— Bread put a hard left to Jaw and
in a clinch landed two bard rights. They ex
changed ripht and left to face. The Kid put a
hard left Jab to Corbetfs nose. Corbett sent
a ctiff right to Broad's ear. Corbett missed
a right swing. Corbett landed left to wind.
Broad blocked a strong left ewtng. Corbett
put light left to the chest. They clinched and
a. hot mix up followed. Corbett was on the
offensive, but Broad was blocking cleverly.
Corbett landed right to wind. Broad ducked
a vicious right swing. Broad landed a light
one on the note.
Round 1 — The men shake hands -and receive
their instructions Iron the referee. They spar
c&utioui-ly Corbett dancing around the Kld.
They excliange light lefts to face. Both are
cautious and wait for the other to lead. They
exchange right and left to body and clinch.
Ocrtett taps Broad on the cheek.. Few blows
being landed. Corbett misses left swing.
Bread lands left on the Jaw. Broad ducks jl
left jab. They rush to a fast exchange of
r.phts and lefts to face. Corbett is smiling
and confident. Corbett missed left for the head.
B'oad landed a hard light on the ribs. Cor
bett countered with left and right to jaw and
Broad sent a hard one to stomach.
Round 2— After fiddling for an opening Cor
bett landed light left on the cheek. Broad put
left to jaw. corbett landed on the ribs. Broad
ducked a left swing. They came together In
a fast mix up. Corbett landed on the Kid's
nose. They exchange rights and lefts en the
head in a clinch. Corbett landed a hard lett
jab to the nose, and Uroad followed 6Uit a
second later. Broad tapped Corbett on the
nose. Corbett ducked a left Jab and they
clinched. Corbett put vicious left to the Kid's
ribs.
Round 3— Broad landed left jab en nose.
Bread jabbed Corbett on the nose twice. Cor
bett jabbed Broad on the nose. Broad coun
tered a right swing. Corbett landed a. right
to Broad's ribs. They mixed it at close range.
Corbett landed right to the ribs. Corbett
landed a hard one on the ear. Broad missed
right for wind. Corbett landed a stiff one on
the ear. Corbett looked confident. He landed
two left jabs on the jaw. and had -Broad on
the defensive. They clinched with some in
fighting, but nc damage. Corbett landed a left
jab and Broarl countered on the nose. Corbett
landed a stiff jab on the nose as the gong
tour.ded. k.
FIGHT BY BOUNDS.
DENVER, May 23.^-WiIliam H. Roth
vell. better known to the sporting world
as "Young Corbett," gained the decision
ever Kid Broad of Cleveland, Ohio, at the
CD0 of a fast ten-round fight. Broad put
up a good flght and in the ninth round
had Corbett groggy, but the Denver lad
came back and finished the round strong
ly. At no point was there any time lost,
both men being willing to lead and to
lorce the fighting whenever necessary.
Corbett showed superiority in the first,
tccond, third and fourth. Broad had a
fchade the better of the fifth and seventh
and had Corbett groggy in the ninth. The
releree decided Corbett had won the bat
tle on points. The crowd was divided as
to the justice of the decision, many hold
ing Broad was entitled to a draw.
The first fight between these men was
on March 2X 1901, when Broad scored a
clean knockout in the fourth round. On
July 26. 1901. "Young Corbett" gained the
decision over Broad in a ten-round fight,
thuwir.g decided superiority.
11
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 24, 1902.
Thomas • ;Goyne, \^ Long- Distance Runner
Who Has Always Taken an -Interest in
T, Field Events, Is Honored by His Associates
OAKLAND HIGH SCHOOL ATHLETES
ELECT CAPTAIN OF TRACK TEAM
The One
Surpassing quality of
Hunter
Whiskey
is that it never varies. One bottle or
a thousand has always the same deli-
cate aroma, the same rich, meilow
taste, the same perfect smooth, sat-
isfying elements which make it
America's best whiskey. This Is the'
secret of the popularity of Hunter
Baltimore Rye, and it is founded on
a rock.
£HmBTT * WISE COMMISSION CO., Ine,
* " ¦ - . ¦
jga* Ju^^ r z ep g^J .
• MSglfcl Summer ; JfgHL'SATURDAY. HAY 24.
'NOTE — The'hiKh and low waters' occur at
the city front . (Mission-street wharf) - about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both: places.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey
Times and Heights of ; High and Low
¦Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
' Francisco -Bay. . Published by official au
i thority of the . Superintendent -
Sun, Moon and Tide.
The Britifh steamer Ganges 'was char
tered prior to arrival by the British Govern-
The- British ship Garnet Hill is chartered for
wheat to' Europe at 2"s 6d (9$ less "direct),
chartered In England prior to arrival., ¦ '
Th<» British ship Sokoto loads wheat at Ti
coma for Europe. * - . '. ¦.¦¦-'¦ ;
Shipping- Merchants
Matters of Interest to, Mariners and
NEWS OF- THE OCEAN.
The passengers that arrived here on ¦ the
Pacific Mall steamship City of. Para were.r?
leased from quarantine yesterday arid brought
over, to the city from Angel Island on the tug
boat Millcn Griffith. / -
The steamship Eureka arrived at Honolulu
May 11 from Seattle. She encountered a series
of heavy storms during the voyage and lost
part of her deck load.
Para's Passengers Released.
Lost Part of Deckload.
Buys the Asuncion.
The Standard Oil Company has bought the
steam coliier Asuncion, which has. been on this
coast for the past sixteen Months. "The col
lier will- be converted into a tank steamer and
will be used to carry oil between here and
Ventura. / . • • > - .- : ¦
A crab fisherman picked up a. sixteen-foot
white yawl yesterday mornlns • outside' "the
heads. There • were two pairs of oars in 'the
boat and a eail, and in the bottom of the
craft the fisherman found an adult's vest. '
Fisherman Finds Yawl.
The reinsurance rate on the German ship
II. F. Glade, now out 216. days from this port
for Queenstown. was yesterday advanced -.to
!>0 per cent. The rate on the Tweedsdaje. was
marked up to 40 per cent,, and. the Elliot now
stands at 80 per cent.. . ... . • .
Glade Rate Goes Up.
FROM SEATTLE
The Temperance Dramatic Association
of this city will give an entertainment in
Saratoga -Hall June 6. in aid of Evening
Star Lodge No. 114, I. O. G. T. "Ten
Xiphts in a Bar Room" will be produced
tinder the direction of W. G. Sass who
will appear in the leading character sup
ported by Miss Hazel Dodge.
"Will Produce Temperance Drama.
Oiarl»*s J. I^ueky. master: Harry A.
Hyde, lirst- mate, and Charles G. H. "jaji
s'rs;. second mate, of the Tamalpaig have
filer! a report with the I'nited States In-
Hj)tctcrf- of Steam Vessels, in which they
LbHTRC that the launcn did not display
any lights. They also report that Alfred
L'lbrich. the rescued passenger of the
launch, told them that the launch was
driltinjc about . disabled in the bay just
before it was cut down by the steamboat.
Captain O. F. Bolles said yesterday thnt
the inspectors would not make any fur
ther investigation to ascertain the blame
for the accident and loss of life unless
seme interested person should file a com
plaint.
Coroner Leland will endeavor to ascer
tain the facts at the inquest.
The remains of the man found drowned
near Fcrt Point lust Thursday morninj?
were identified yesterday by the mother
of Waller Johnson as those of her son,
who was drowned May 10. Johnson was
1M years old and resided with his mother
at 111 Alton street. .He was engineer of
the r.aphtha launch Scout, which on May
10 wa;< run into by the steamboat Tamal
!>aifc. The occupants of the launch were
Lbrown iiiio the water and Johnson was
drowned. 1
a Report of Rscent Collision
From Survivors.
Inr pectors of Steam Vessels Receive
WALTER JOHNSON'S BODY
IS FOUND IN THE BAY
TO SAIL.
' MONTEVIDEO— Passed May. • 1— Nor slnir
Guernsey, from flTacoma, : f or , United Kingdom,
via St -Vincent. -.- /, ¦ -
BOSTON. ¦ England— Arrived ' ' May ' 19— Br
FOREIGN PORTS,
GUATEMALA— Sailed May 8— Ger stmr Her
monthls, for Hamburg. ""¦•• '. : "
HAMBURG— Sailed May 18— Ger «ark Hen
rietta. • for Santa 'Rosalia.* ' ' :: •¦'¦
HONGKONG— Sailed May 21— Br stmr Ath
enian, for Vancouver.
."FLUSHING— Passed > Mar; 21— Er: shiD Holy
rood, from Antwerp, • for Oregon. '.
. NEW YORK— Cleared May ": 23— Stmr Ha
waiian, to sail May 24 for ' San Francisco. •
TOLEDO — Sailed - May 23 — atmr Redondo,
for New York and San Francisco.
EASTERN : PORT.
HONOLULU — Arrived May 11— Bark Kaiu
lanl. hence" Arirll'20; atmr Eureka, from Se
attle, (lost Dart of deckload by heavy weather
on.' voyage); bktn- Coronado, -?hence April 20.
May 12 — U S stmr -Buford, from Manila.' May
13 — Schr James ,Rolph, from Killisnoo. - ' .
Sailed May 10^U S stmr Albatross, for Lay-
Fan Island. May 10^ — Ship 'Arthur Sewall, for
New York. May ; 11 — Schr Aloha, ' for • San
Francisco; : bark Albert, for Laysan Island.
May 12— U S stmr Wheeling, for Pneo Pago.
May 15— Bark Alden Besse.'.for San Francisco.
Sailed MavS— Bark Martha Davis, for San
Francisco. May 10— ShiD Falls of Clyde, fcr
San Francisco. • ' 1 ; ¦'• "> ¦'.'¦' '
MAHUKONA— Arrived May 6 — Schr Ariel,
from Newcastle, Aus. : ' '¦'¦>¦ -.>>.;
¦ ELEELE — Arrived May ¦ ' 7— Schr Kohala,
from Newcastle, Aus. ' . •.
MAKAWELI— Arrived May — , schr Kailua.
from Honolulu. • .v ••, . .'• • • '.
f KAHULUI— Arrived - May ; 04-Shlp Emily
Reed," from Newcastle, 'Aus. '.' ' ; '-
< Sailed May 7 — Stmr Alaskan, for New York.
-:. In-Dort May 10— Br bark Antlooe,' for Lady
smith. ¦ ; ..••.. . . ¦ ', - .,.¦/¦... ,
ISLAND PORTS.
: HILO— Arrived May B— Schr ; Bertie Minor,
from Eureka. : t
PORT LOS ANGELBS— Sailed* May 23— Stmr
Melville Dollar, for San Francisco.
EUREKA— Arrived May 23— Stmr Pomona,
hence- May 22; stmr ' Marshfieldi from Hardy
Creek; stmr South Coast, hence May 21; schr
Lottie Carson, from San DleKo. ' ~
' Sailed May 23 — Schr Mabel Gray, for San
Diego; stmr Brooklyn, for San Francisco.
¦ SEATTLE — Arrived May 23— Stmr Excel
sior, from Valdez; stmr 'Dirlgo, from Skag
way." ¦• . .......-.¦ , . ,.
BOWENS LANDING— Sailed May 23— Stmr
Samoa, for San Pedro.
PORT KEN YON— Sailed May - 23— Stmr Ar
go, for San Francisco. ' .
PORT HARFORD— Sailed May 23— Schr
Wm Renton, for New Whatcom.
j SOUTH BEND— Sailed- May 23— Schr Ad
vent, for San' Francisco. • •¦
Sailed May 23— Stmr Pasadena, for Eureka;
schr Susie M Plummer, for Olympla; s'chr
Louise, for Umpqua; schr Endeavor. , for : Port
Townsend; schr C- A Thayer, • for Grays Har
bor.
: ASTORIA — Arrived May 23 — Stmr Iaqua,
hence May 20. ¦'-•¦• - - • / ¦
Sailed May 23 — Stmr • Despatch, for San
Francisco.
¦ NEAH BAY — Passed out May 23 — Bark
Prussia, for Honolulu; bktn Kllkitat. for
Honolulu:' schr Nokomis, for Hllo: schr Carrier
Dove, for Grays Harbor. , .
SAN PEDRO— Arrived May . 23— Schr Wing
and Win«, from Siuslaw.
POIXT LOBOS, May 23. .10 p m— Weather
foggy; wind W, velocity lofiniles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
FORT BRAGG — Arrived Way 23— Stmr Na
tional <;lty, hence May 22. ,': . . ' •
TELEGRAPHIC.
LONDON, May 22 — Br ship Sierra Blanca,
hence Jan 4. grounded at Boston, England.
Later towed off apparently undamaged.
Schr Newark. Nielsen, Stewarts Point,
MISCELLANEOUS.
SAILED.
Friday, May 23.
Stmr Columbia, Doran, Astoria.
Stmr Alcatraz, Carlson, Greenwood.
Stmr Phoenix, Ordland, Mendocino. .
Stmr Gipsy, Swanaon, Santa Cruz.
Stmr Gualala, Weber, Bowens Landlne.
Br stmr Wellington. McKellar, Ladysmith.
Rchr Vega, Erratt, Nome and Golotnin Bay.
Schr Marlon, Tonfer, Grays Harbor.
Schr J B Leeds, OUen. Eureka.
Schr Chas E Falk, Anderson, Coos Bay.
Schr Lily, Nelson, Umpqua.
Friday, May 23. .
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Diego;
Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Br.stmr Wellington, McKellar, Ladysmith;
R Dunsmulr's Sons Co.
Schr Pearl, Soderholm, Unga; Alaska Cod
fish Co.
CLEARED.
•'* ' Friday, May 21'
Stmr Rival, Olsen. 68 hours, from Willapa
Harbor. !
Stmr Point Arena, Hanaen, 15 hours from
Mendocino.
Stmr Acme, Lundqulst, 44 hours, from Eiui
law. ; , . ¦ , X
Stmr Bonita, Nopander. 60 hours from New
port.- ¦
Stmr C'OQUille River, Johnson; 18 hours from
Fort Bragg. , . " '
Stmr Celia, Hogan, 17 hours from Albion.
Stmr ' Westport; Erlckson; 22 hours from
Bear Harbor.
IT S stmr Buford, Martins, 31 days from
Manila, via Honolulu 9 days.
Br .stmr Victoria, Casey, SS hours from
Ladysmlth.
Schr J D Tallant, Hoffland, 15 days from
Port Blakeley.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
SEBASTOPOL, May 23. — Sebastopol waa
en fete to-day, the occasion being" the
Juvenile Rose Carnival. A large number
of decorated vehicles were in the floral
pageant ." and - the ! principal- streets and
business houses were appropriately dec
orated.
Sevastopol's Juvenile Fete.
The American ehlp Emily Reed, which left
Newcastle, Australia, more than three months
ago and was yesterday posted among. the over
dues at 20 per cent, has arrived safely at
Kahului. She reached there May 0 and the
word or her arrival was brought here by the
transport Buford.
Emily Reed Is Safe.
The U. S. S. Wheeling left Honolulu May 12
Tor Pago Pago, where she will relieve' the
Abarenda, The Albatross left Honolulu in
company with the Wheeling. Payson i Island
is the destination of the Fish Commission boat.'
The big American ship Arthur Sewall -left
Honolulu May 10 with a cargo of sugar for
New York.
Sail From Honolulu.
THE United States transport Bu- (
ford, having on board troops K
and P of the Third Cavalry, 658
enlisted men. 124 discharged sol- ,
dlers. a number of hospital corps |
men and civilian employes and sixty-five
cabin passengers, arrived yesterday from
Manila.
Shortly aftfr the Buford left Manila,
one of the soldiers was taken sick with
what looked like cholera and the trans
port returned to Manila. The. suspicious
case proved to be old fashioned stomach
ache; caused by over indulgence In
canned peaches. The voyage was re
sumed.
General Jacob Smith was. a passenger
op the Buford when she made her first
start. When the vessel put back he found
orders commanding him to remain and j
face the court martial of which the cable
has already told the story. „. ,
Colonel Albert E. Woodson of the Third
Cavalry was the ranking officer aboard
the transport.
The Buford remained two days at
Honolulu and was nine days . coming
from the island port to San Francisco.
Her hull is very foul and she will have
to go on the drydock before sh§ returns
to Manila.
She brought eighty soldier dead.
The cabin passengers were:
Colonel Albert E. Woodson, Majors Otto I-».
Hein. I. W. Uttell, Captains Henry L. Rlpley.
George II. Morgan. I>anlel I* Tate, Mrs. Daniel
L. Tate. Joseph S. Tate, Captain F. A. Barton,
Mrs Barton and son. Captain ajid Mrs. M. J.-
Jarvis Captain and Mrs. I. N. Ftendenhall.
Captains W. B. Cochran. F. W. Cox, Lieuten
ants R. G. McXally. W. S. Grant, G. S. Corn
lev W. T. Bates, L. F. Foster, Joseph Her
rlnir. \V. L. Clarke. F. T. Austin, Sidney D.
Maize. G. M. Klmhall, Consuelo A. Seone, H.
L.. Landers. Mrs. II. L.. Landers. Mrs. J. W.
Ryland. Dr. C. F. Dlckenson. Mrs. W. H.
j Beok Mrs. W. F. Halsey, . Miss D. Halsey,
j Miss Pearl Gorden. Mrs. H. S. Wallace, Mrs.
I Frederick Hadra, Miss Mildred Hadra. Gllmer
! Hadra, Mrs. S. Rice, Miss Susanna Rice, Mrs.
! J. D. Leitch. Miss Marjory Leitch, Mrs. H. -A.
i White. Mrs. J. N. Streat Jr.. Mrs. E. S. West..
Mrs E. A. Deane, Mrs. Joseph Pinquard, Mrs.
R. D. Scrandart. Mrs. A. Lottrldge. . Mrs. C.
F. Samuf!lson. Samuel Glasscn Jr.. H.. F.- Far
rell, T. H. Stedman. Felipe Buencamino, W,.
L.. Pepperman, S. G. Larson, J. B. Tidmarsh.
J. F. Martin, A. F. Patterson. F. B. Shepard,'
David Brown and John Fuldner.
The Time ball on the tower of the Ferry
building: was dropped exactly at ' noon to-day.
I. e.. at noott of the 120th meridian, or at S
p. in., Greenwich time.
W. H. STANDLET,
Lieutenant. U. S. N.. In charge.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc :Office. U. S. M., Mer
¦i chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
May 22. 1002.
Divorces were granted yesterday to Ed
ward E. Vicary from Beryl B. Vicary on
tne gr<,ur,d of desertion. Marie Culotta
frcm fialvator Oulotta for desertion and
Peiei Silva from Mary Silva for infidelity.
Minni* B. Crossett was granted a di
vorce from J. H. (,'rossett by Judge
Murasky yesterday. Crossctt, who is an
employe of the Southern Pacific, fell In
love with a Ventura young lady a few
vtcks after his marriage and neglected
hi? vife to pay attention to his second
love.
Sophia Flory is suing Herbert R. Flory
fo- divorce on the grounds of desertion
ai:<) failure to provide.
Rcbert Walsh, who ¦was married to
Mi»ry A. Walsh at Lakeview. Or.. In May,
l&<3, brought a suit for divorce yesterday.
8!i<?gir!ff de?ertion. He claims that' his
v.ife loft him more than a year ago.
Nannie Mott is suing Francis A. Mott
frr divorce on tho ground of desertion.
Thfy wen* married at St. Charles, Mo..
in November, LVT6. MnCMott alleges that
hrr husband abandoned h*>r in October,
I8P2. They have two children, both of
whom are married.
&FGBGE GEAY IS OEDEBED
TO PAY BACK ALIMONY
Judge Troutt Gives Contractor Three
Days in Which to Raise
$600.
George. F. Gray of the contracting firm
Df Gray Bror. was given three days by
Jrdce Troutt yesterday in which to pay
•Jls tivorcod wife. Maud E. Gray. $600 baxrk
PORTLAND. May 23.— As the result of
a feud between the Chin Company and
the Lee Company. Lee Hlng fired three
bullets into Chin Louie. to-day while tho
latter was sitting in. his store on Second
street. Chin Louie probably will recover,
as none of the bullets struck a vital spot.
The would-be murderer was arrested.
Chinese Stops Three Bullets.
TO ARRIVE.
Movements of Steamers.
ment for flour and oats from Vancouver to
Cape Town.
The new schooner Henry K. Hall, now on
Pujret Sound, will lead lumber there for Syd
ney at 35s. or Melbourne or Adelaide at 42s tfd.
Tho schooner Churchill loads lumber on the
Columbia River fur Melbourne at 42s 6d.
The ship James Drummond loads piles at Se
attle for Manila (lump sum).. \
The bark -W. B. Flint returns to Makawell
with general cargo.
the tarly mornlns tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive! tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day. except when there are but three tides, a3
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the soundinss of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given Is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference Is the mean
of the lower low waters.
UNITED STATES ARMY TRANSPORT WHICH ARRIVED FROM THE
PHILIPPINES YESTERDAY. BRINGING A PART OF THE THIRD CAV
ALRY. A NUMBER OF ENLISTED MEN AND BODIES OF 80 SOLDIERS.
Special Disoatch to The Call.
WILLOWS, May 23.— In the Superior
Court of Glenn County some time ago,
Judge Pirkey, in the suit brought by the
bondholders of Central Irrigation District
to confirm the organization of the district
and the issuance of bonds, decided against
the validity of the bonds and the district.
Attorney R. Percy Wright appeared for
the bondholders at the beginning of the
trial, but Judge Pirkey ruled that he
could not be heard, as he had no stand
ing in the case, and refused to permit him
to tane any part in the -proceedings.
After the decision in this case was ren
dered, Wright rtled a bill of exceptions on
behalf of the bondholders and two weeks
ago appeared before Judge Pirkey to have
his bill of exceptions ruled upon, to en
able him to penect his appeal. Freeman
,5c Donohoe resisted this application, on
the grounds that the bondholders had no
standing in the case and were not entitled
to nn appeal. Judge Pirkey sustained this
view. . „ ' . . . _ .
Wright' applied to the Supreme Court
for a writ of mandate to compel Judge
Pirkey to settle his bill of exceptions.
This application .was bitterly resisted by
the , attorney for the defense. The Su
preme Court confirmed the Glenn County
Judge's decision and refused the writ.
It is said that this leaves the bond
holders without right to appeal from
Judge Pirkey's decision and that tho de
cision he rendered some time ago in the
confirmation suit Is now final and abso
lutely binding. This may be considered
as a deathblow to the bondholders in this
litigation and undobtedly will result in
settling the differences out of court.
Aged Mormon Burned to Death.
SALT LAKE. Utah, May 23.— J. J.
Ruban. .seventy-six years of age, was
burned to death early this morning In a
fire which destroyed his home in the rear
of the St. , Elmo Hotel on Main- street.
Ruban had lived In Salt Lake since 1860.
He-was the first convert to the Mormon
faith from France and for some- time
filled the position of instructor In French
to Brigham Young's . children,"- He as
sisted Brigham Young in translating the'
book of Mormon Into French and served
as missionary in Spain and Italy.
Augustus Avery is a civil engineer of
the Mount Tamalpais Land and Water
Company and also city surveyor of Mill
Valley.
In. Mrs. Avery's answer she stoutly de
nies all of the allegations made In the
complaint and files a cross-complaint
charging her husband with desertion.
Avery asserts that on several occasions
his wife proclaimed her desire to lead a
gay and hilarious life and not one after
his \ home-loving style.
Avery avers that his wife has chided
him continually by asserting that she did
not care to live with a man of his tran
quil habits; that she desired a husband
who wouia get angry once in a while and
slap her and mistreat her; that she pre
ferred one who would lead a gay life and
not be too domestic in his habits. Ha
also alleges that Mrs. Eva Avery is not
a fit or competent person to retain the
care of their child, for the reason that
her fondness for the races and for gamb
ling and her mania for theaters would
affect the child's morals. .
SAN RAFAEL, May 23.— AugustU3
Avery of Mill Valley has brought suit in
the Superior Court of thi3 county for a
divorce. The Averys are prominent in
society and well known in San Francisco.
The case has been set for trial on June
10, before Judge Angellotti. At-that time,
if an attempt be made to prove the allega
tions in the husband's complaint, sensa
tional disclosures will be made.
Special Dispatch, to The Call.
Appeal of Central Irriga
tion District Bond
holders Fails.
City Surveyor of Mill
Valley Files Suit
for Divorce.
JUDGE PIRKEY'S
DECISION FINAL
AVERY'S SPOUSE
TOO STRENUOUS
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived May 23 — Stmr La Sa
vole. from Havre; stmr Galabraia, from Genoa
and Naples. :<
Sailed May 23— Stmr Cymric,- for Liverpool.
PLYMOUTH— Arrived May 23— Stmr Kiaut
schou, from New York, for Cherbourg and
Hamburg. •
GLASGOW— Sailed May 23— Stmr Sarmar
tian, for Montreal.
CHERBOURG— Sailed. May 23— Stmr Co
lumbia, from Hamburg and .Southampton, for
New York.
Arrived May 23 — Stmr Patricia,' from New
York, via Southampton, . for Hamburg, and
vroceeded. . :• , . '.'.'. ¦ " ' " -^ ¦ •"
. MOVILLE— Sailed-'- May'- 23— Stmr Parisian,
from Liverpool, for' Montreal; stmr Furnessia.
from Glasgow, for 'New York.
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed May 23— Stmr New
England, from Liverpool, for Boston. >r«
ship Sierra Blanca, hence Jan 4." . '¦'¦ :
CORONEI, — Arrived May 7— Ger stmr Aby
dos, from Hamburg, for San Francisco.
GRIM SB V— Arrived May 21— Br ship Car
nedd Llewellyn, hence Jan 1. ¦ ¦
MOLLKN DO— Arrived May 10-r-Br ship Fair
port, from Newcastle. Aus. . . .
MAZATLAN- Arrived May 23— Ger stmr
Hathor. from Hamburg, for San Francisco.
NANAIMO— Sailed May . 23— Danish stmr
Wyefleld. for San Francisco. ; , . ..
PLYMOUTH— Arrived May 23— Br ship
Alexander Blach, from.Tacoma.
CHEKOO— Sailed May 23— Ur ship Helga,
for Pu^et Sound.
NAGASAKI— Sailed May 22— U S stmr War
ren, for San Francisco.
MANILA— Sailed May 21— U S stmr Kilpat
rlck. for Kan Kn>nclsco.
Arrived May i;0 — U S stmr Crook, hence
April 21.
Buencamino is the. only Filipino.mem
ber of the Civil Commission. He" is the
leading representative of the Touds, the
most numerous clan or race In the en
tire islands. W. 1j. Pepperman. secretary
of the Civil Commission, came on - the
transport Buford with Commissioner
Buencamino and probably will accom
pany him East.
•.Last evening he received dispatches
from Washington requesting his presence
there • ' at once to give', testimony
in ' the investigation that is being
held by a committee composed of Con
gressmen in reference to. the charges of
unwarrantable cruelty to the Filipinos.
]t is generally supposed in army circles
that Buencamino's testimony will be In
favor of the army officers. He expressed
himself yesterday very forcibly in saying
that there was no more cruelty than was
absolutely necessary on the part of the
United States troops in the Philippines.
Upon .landing Commissioner . Buenca
mino at once went over to. the university
at Berkeley to .visit his sons. After a
short visit he returned to the city and
made ,his headquarters at the Cosmos
Club as the guest of General Hughes.
Felipe Buencamino, Aguinaldo's former
Secretary of War, was a passenger on
the. United States army transport Buford,
!which arrived yesterday. ' from 'Manila.
Buencamino is' at present .a member of
the Philippine Civil Commission. He is
here for the purpose of testifying before
the Congressional committee as to the
conduct of the war in the Philippines.
While here he will visit his two sons, who
are attending the University of Califor
nia. On arriving in the East he in
tends visiting Mrs. McKinley, and hopes
to have a talk -with President Roosevelt.
Buencamino is said tobe a: stanch friend
of the administration and is a warm ad
mirer of Generals Chaffee and Smith,
whose policy he indorses as the only rem
edy for present conditions in the Philip
pines. He speaks but little English and
before war times came upon the Philip
pines was engaged in missionary work.
Will Testify as to ; .Conduct
of the War in the
Philippines.
L>. S.: Richardson, general superlntenri
eni or" the San Kraneiscu postoffiee. dees
not Bccept for l;is department the blame
for the i>assape through the mails of
eroods from Manila v.ithout the payment
of duties. He says that on December ¦».
Df last year George F. t.'onway. in charge
• if t!ie dutiable registered mail, and C. N.
Perfcins. In charge of the ordinary unreg
istered mail, received a verbal order from
th<» Collector of Customs to discontinue
the collection of duties on goods coming
frcrn the Philippines and that tlyit or
der nwei had been countermanded, nor
had ary other order, verbal or written,
b^n Riven Jn relation to the matter un
til hjst Thursday, when the special asrrntf?
visited th*» postofiicf. Mr. Richardson
says furthermore tnat no order at all
from the Customs Department ever has
be^r. givpn through the Postmaster, the
proper medium frr nil instructions to be
ronveyed to pcst«iffie<* officials, ijlr. O?n
tvay. he said, dors not receive any ccm
nen*at!on whatever from the Customs
Department for his services. .They were
performed by him simply as a matter of
courtesy toward ihe customs officials by
the PostofSce Department.
The Custom-house people knew where
he resided, he said, and could have come
to him at any time and he would have ex
plai:ud the facts to them. H<? was tel
ephoned to con-.e down' to Mrs. Haves'
store by Sharpe of the Custom-house de
tect |v t . force and tl:e;e explained the mat
ter to him. and though a warrant was out
for him for nnasgllns? '* was not served.
Mr. Winkclbach said yesterday that he
has always paid duty, on his stuff coming
In bulk, but realizing how much cheaper
he could pet his goods toy post, he mace
arrangements through his brother-in-law.
Joachim Garcia Guerrera. to shin some
of it that way. On the 14th of March
some of it arrived and when ho went to
take it up he informed Clerk Con way that
the contents were dutiable, ponway in
fcrnnd him he hat! heard nothing from
the Custom-house people to that effect
and delivered to \v iiiKeibach his goods
tie-:
The Custom-house' officials have exon
eratc-J Importer J. Wiiikclbaeb from all
blame and puspk-fon in the matter of the
Kveoty-iwo bolts of jusi cloth "seized re
cently in the postofflce as smuggled goods.
The goods were delivered to Mr. Winkel
bacb yesterday upon his paying the du
ties on the same. According to his story
and the result of the Investigations made
by Special Treasury Agents Channins and
West the goods should never have been
:^cized at all. because he offered to pay
the duty to Postofflcc Clerk George F.
Conwiiy* who refuted to accept the money
and informed him that the office had not
been instructed to collect duties on ar
ticles the product of tne Philippines^
Duties and His Coin
Was Refused.
Says He Offered to Pay the
He Is Exonerated From
Ail Suspicion and
Biame.
GeneralSmith Was on Vessel When She First Left Manila,
but When She Returned on Account of Illness He
Found Orders Directing Him to Remainfor Gourt-Martial
Aguinaldo's Former Sec
retary Arrives From
; Manila; .--;
WINKELBACH MAY
TAKE HIS GOODS
ONCE FOE, COMES
HERE AS FRIEND
BUFORD ARRIVES FROM PHILIPPINES
WITH TROOPS AND CIVILIANS ABOARD
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAtL, SATURDAY, ; MAY 24, 1902.
12
Steamer.
For.
I Sails.
Humbol dt SkaRv.ay & Way Ports May 24
Kxcelslor..;. Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Mav 25
J. S.'Klmball. Nome direct ; May 23
Discovery. . . . Golofnin Bay I direct May 26
Dlr'go. Skaxway. & Way Ports. May 27
E: Thompson. Nomeft St Michael... May 27
Centennial... Nome direct .....:..... May 20
Dolphin...... Ska k way & -Way Ports. May 29
Cottage. City. Rkagway & Way Ports. May 30
Senator Nome June 1
Garrone Nome &.St. Michael.... June 1
Roanoke,.... Nome & St. Michael. . ... June 1
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
May 24. .' r
Mblon Riv. Albion direct 5 pm Pier 2
Dhio... Seattle 2 pm Pier 3t
Dlympic Whatcom & Fairhvn 5 pm Pier 2
Kcrrsboy. . . Nome via Golofnln 4 pm Pier 16
Eureka Humboldt 0 am Pier 13
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
- . May 25.
Acme. Sluslaw River | 3 pm Pier 2
C Nelson.. Seattle & Tacoma.. 10 am Pier 2
Snnta Rosa San Diego ft Way.. 9 am Pier 11
May 20.
Argo k<?1 River Ports 4 pm Pier 2
Rival Wlllapa Harbor ... 4 pm Pier 2
Bonlta Newport & Way... 0 am Pier 11
City Puebla p U get Sound Ports 1 . 11 am Pier 9
May 27.
Hnndalay.. Coqullle River .... 2 pm Pier 2
Valencia... Nome via Seattle.. 11 am PI*>r »
Pomona. . . . Humboldt 1 :30 p Pier . 9
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orfd 12 m Pier 13
Rainier.... Seattle & Whatcom. 5 pm Pier 2
Coptic... China & Japan. 1 pmlPMSS
--•-.¦ . -M«y. 28. ¦, .:¦ .
Arctic. Humboldt ......... 12 m Pier 2
O. Dollar. . o rays - Harbor ! 4 pm Pier 2
Coronado. . Grays Harbor 10 am Pier 2
Cltv Para.. Panama & Way... 12 m PMSS
G. Elder. . . Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 24
May 2O. .V
State Cal.. San D!e*o A Way.. 9 am Pier 11
• May «0.
Coos Bay.. San Pedro & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
.May 31.
North Fork Humboldt. .... . . . . . 9 am Pier 2
Alameda-. . . Honolulu . . . '. 2 pm Pier 7
Queen Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Sequela. Grays Harbor | 4 pm Pier 2
June 1. j
C. Nelson..' Nome via Golofnin. ...... Pier —
Alliance... Portland- & Way I Pier —
Jnne 2. • .
Chehalis... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 2
Columbia.. Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Jnne 3. ....
St. Paul... Nome & St. Michael ...... Pier —
Steamer.
From.
iue.
Mandalay Coouille River May 24
G. Dollar Grays Harbor May 24
Aibc- | Eel River Ports May 24
Cororado. .. . (Grays Harbor., May 24
Del Norte i Crescent.. City ....... i.. May 24
Arcata :Coos Bay & Port Orford. May 25
Santa Monica iHuniboldt |May 25
Arctic iHumbolrtt (May 25
Pomona ...iHumboldt May '25
G. W. Elder. Portland &. Astoria May 25
Edith.. Seattle May 28
G Llndauer/ Grays Harbor May 20
State- of Cal.. San Diego & Way Ports. |May 28
S. Barbara... I Seattle .'.JMay 27
Eureka j Humboldt May £7
Newburu . i Grays Harbor May 27
Alamoda. .....! Honolulu May 27
Curacao ! Mexican Ports May 27
Qiifen Puset Sound Ports .... May 27
Wyefleld..... Nanalmo May 27
Crescent City Crescent City May 27
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Ports May 27
Sequoia Wlllapa Harbor May 28
North Fork.. Humboldt May 28
Pleiades. Seattle. May 28
Hsthor Hamburg & Way Ports. May 28
Titanla Xanalmo May 29
Point Arena.. Point Arena May 29
Santa Rosa.. Fan Diepo & Way Ports May 20
Acme Biuslaw River May 30
City Sydney.. Panama & Way Ports. May 30
Amer. Maru.. China & Japan May 30
Columbia Portland & Astoria May :50
Ch«halia Grays Harbor .. ... May 30
Bonlta Newport & .Way Ports. May 31
Australia Tahiti June 1
ITir Atllla PuKet Sound Pcrts June 1
Serapls Seattle . June 1
Sierra Sydney & Way Ports.. June 2
Palena Valparaiso & Way Ports June 3
Sun rises. ..........
Sun sets ;..
Moon' rises : . . . • . . . . .
O ' Time . Time
» .' Ft.
a •-.- L 'W ' H W
21. 6:4S— 0.1 2:14
¦ ¦ H TV L. W
25 0:10 4.D 7:24
2« 0:45 • 4.7 8:00
27 1:20 4..M 8:39|
28 2:0!> 4.2| 9:21
29. 3:15 3.!) 10:11
SO 4:40 3.7!U:0R
: I, W - H W
31 i 0:30 "2.3 6:13
................4:51
. . . . . . . . .'. . . . . .............7:20
•••. ......0:08 'p. m.
. Time Time
Ft. -~i- Ft. Ft.
. L.W H W ;
< • 4.4 . 6:25 "ITo 17777 ~7
• .H W • L. W
0.1 2:68 4.4 7:09 3.0
0.3 3:Jtf> 4.4 S:04| -.3.0
O.r. 4:17 4.S f):OB| 3.1
0.8 4:56 4.7 10:20k. 3 2
U 1 ;. r >:^5 4.» 11:29 2.S
<1.4 5-16 5.0 .....I..' .
lwi : h w ;;?.
i 3.7 12:03i , 1.8 6:5lj ;.5.1
ove exposition of the tides
XOTE— In' the abi
Sun rises. ..........
Sun sets ;..
Moon' rises : . . . • . . . . .
O ' Time . Time
» .' Ft.
a •-.- L 'W ' H W
21. 6:4S— 0.1 2:14
¦ ¦ H TV L. W
25 0:10 4.D 7:24
2« 0:45 • 4.7 8:00
27 1:20 4..M 8:39|
28 2:0!> 4.2| 9:21
29. 3:15 3.!) 10:11
SO 4:40 3.7!U:0R
: I, W - H W
31 i 0:30 "2.3 6:13
................4:51
. . . . . . . . .'. . . . . .............7:20
•••. ......0:08 'p. m.
. Time Time
Ft. -~i- Ft. Ft.
. L.W H W ;
< • 4.4 . 6:25 "ITo 17777 ~7
• .H W • L. W
0.1 2:68 4.4 7:09 3.0
0.3 3:Jtf> 4.4 S:04| -.3.0
O.r. 4:17 4.S f):OB| 3.1
0.8 4:56 4.7 10:20k. 3 2
U 1 ;. r >:^5 4.» 11:29 2.S
<1.4 5-16 5.0 .....I..' .
lwi : h w ;;?.
i 3.7 12:03i , 1.8 6:5lj ;.5.1
ove exposition of the tides
XOTE— In' the abi
Steamer.
For.
I Sails.
Humbol dt SkaRv.ay & Way Ports May 24
Kxcelslor..;. Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Mav 25
J. S.'Klmball. Nome direct ; May 23
Discovery. . . . Golofnin Bay I direct May 26
Dlr'go. Skaxway. & Way Ports. May 27
E: Thompson. Nomeft St Michael... May 27
Centennial... Nome direct .....:..... May 20
Dolphin...... Ska k way & -Way Ports. May 29
Cottage. City. Rkagway & Way Ports. May 30
Senator Nome June 1
Garrone Nome &.St. Michael.... June 1
Roanoke,.... Nome & St. Michael. . ... June 1
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
May 24. .' r
Mblon Riv. Albion direct 5 pm Pier 2
Dhio... Seattle 2 pm Pier 3t
Dlympic Whatcom & Fairhvn 5 pm Pier 2
Kcrrsboy. . . Nome via Golofnln 4 pm Pier 16
Eureka Humboldt 0 am Pier 13
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
- . May 25.
Acme. Sluslaw River | 3 pm Pier 2
C Nelson.. Seattle & Tacoma.. 10 am Pier 2
Snnta Rosa San Diego ft Way.. 9 am Pier 11
May 20.
Argo k<?1 River Ports 4 pm Pier 2
Rival Wlllapa Harbor ... 4 pm Pier 2
Bonlta Newport & Way... 0 am Pier 11
City Puebla p U get Sound Ports 1 . 11 am Pier 9
May 27.
Hnndalay.. Coqullle River .... 2 pm Pier 2
Valencia... Nome via Seattle.. 11 am PI*>r »
Pomona. . . . Humboldt 1 :30 p Pier . 9
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orfd 12 m Pier 13
Rainier.... Seattle & Whatcom. 5 pm Pier 2
Coptic... China & Japan. 1 pmlPMSS
--•-.¦ . -M«y. 28. ¦, .:¦ .
Arctic. Humboldt ......... 12 m Pier 2
O. Dollar. . o rays - Harbor ! 4 pm Pier 2
Coronado. . Grays Harbor 10 am Pier 2
Cltv Para.. Panama & Way... 12 m PMSS
G. Elder. . . Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 24
May 2O. .V
State Cal.. San D!e*o A Way.. 9 am Pier 11
• May «0.
Coos Bay.. San Pedro & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
.May 31.
North Fork Humboldt. .... . . . . . 9 am Pier 2
Alameda-. . . Honolulu . . . '. 2 pm Pier 7
Queen Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Sequela. Grays Harbor | 4 pm Pier 2
June 1. j
C. Nelson..' Nome via Golofnin. ...... Pier —
Alliance... Portland- & Way I Pier —
Jnne 2. • .
Chehalis... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 2
Columbia.. Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Jnne 3. ....
St. Paul... Nome & St. Michael ...... Pier —
Steamer.
From.
iue.
Mandalay Coouille River May 24
G. Dollar Grays Harbor May 24
Aibc- | Eel River Ports May 24
Cororado. .. . (Grays Harbor., May 24
Del Norte i Crescent.. City ....... i.. May 24
Arcata :Coos Bay & Port Orford. May 25
Santa Monica iHuniboldt |May 25
Arctic iHumbolrtt (May 25
Pomona ...iHumboldt May '25
G. W. Elder. Portland &. Astoria May 25
Edith.. Seattle May 28
G Llndauer/ Grays Harbor May 20
State- of Cal.. San Diego & Way Ports. |May 28
S. Barbara... I Seattle .'.JMay 27
Eureka j Humboldt May £7
Newburu . i Grays Harbor May 27
Alamoda. .....! Honolulu May 27
Curacao ! Mexican Ports May 27
Qiifen Puset Sound Ports .... May 27
Wyefleld..... Nanalmo May 27
Crescent City Crescent City May 27
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Ports May 27
Sequoia Wlllapa Harbor May 28
North Fork.. Humboldt May 28
Pleiades. Seattle. May 28
Hsthor Hamburg & Way Ports. May 28
Titanla Xanalmo May 29
Point Arena.. Point Arena May 29
Santa Rosa.. Fan Diepo & Way Ports May 20
Acme Biuslaw River May 30
City Sydney.. Panama & Way Ports. May 30
Amer. Maru.. China & Japan May 30
Columbia Portland & Astoria May :50
Ch«halia Grays Harbor .. ... May 30
Bonlta Newport & .Way Ports. May 31
Australia Tahiti June 1
ITir Atllla PuKet Sound Pcrts June 1
Serapls Seattle . June 1
Sierra Sydney & Way Ports.. June 2
Palena Valparaiso & Way Ports June 3
It is true that
~j we are doing the publi:
a service when we ad-
¦^^i vis; the use of Straight
J Whiskey over the thou-
sand and one blended
(mixed)- ones, and the
(V ' steadily increasing de-
\/\ mar.d ior.r.v",
taMtUwrruJutrnra* / \-~4 *~J ¦
tSS CROW
r^j RYE"
I * " — T /$ are finding out which is
Ifc-.. *""" "• -~J - ces t f or them.
H. B. KIRK~& CO., .N. Y.
. CATTOX. BELL & CO..
6uie Vatxibuton, tian ' Francisco, Cal.
••••••••••••••••••••««• ••••••••••••••••©••••••••••••••••••••••••••«J
fll ' A ' ¦ ¦ ' j^ *
Gf fB/ in e£^1 jfeq BSi W$m Rjm9 rJB n& bN In ¦¦¦ £fcj ifl BBt -
4b n Kdl u| gtjJ |TJ3 ¦T/l gn _ T^» JvB OB ERA Ev "
§ ••••••| jo CALL SUBSCRIBERS ONLY/ r* ## * i
• Every person contracting to take The Call for six (6) months can secure a $15.00 SET OF J
I "OUR Kl ANDS ANH THFIR PFOPIF" :i
I For :
% Books will be expressed to subscribers upon receipt of $3.20. Expressage at subscriber's expense. (
© Cannot be bought elsewhere for less than the regular subscription price of $15. <
• ' AN INVALUABLE ADDITION TO EVERY LIBEABY! V]
1 AN ORNAMENT TO ANY DRAWING ROOM! -V u 1. <
% A SOURCE OF INSTRUCTION AND ENTERTAINMENT for old and young, yielding the de- i
9 lights of travel without its inconveniences. *;r*.-^'..\'^ '¦'• !
I THE CALL'S SPECIAL OFFER. I
© AS SEEN WITH CAMERA AND PENCIL. J
© INTRODUCED BY ' J
I mAJOR=QENERAL JOSEPH WHEELER, j
g UNITED STATES ARMY. .... (
:• With Special Descriptive Matter and Narrathres by !/ ¦::?]
© JOSE DE PL.IVAR'BS; ;
% \ .* The Noted Author and War Correspondent. §•
© Author of "The Trocha Telegraph," "The Curse of Lopez," "The Last of The Anguilles," and other West Indian J
• EMBRACING PERFECT 'PHOTOGRAPHIC AND DESCRIPTIVE REPRESENTATIONS OF THE '
© PEOPLE AND THE ISLANDS LATELY ACQUIRED FROM SPAIN. INCLUDING HAWAII
<• AND THE PHILIPPINES; ALSO THEIR MATERIAL RESOURCES AND PRODUC-
© ¦ TIONS HOMES OF THE PEOPLE. THEIR CUSTOMS AND GENERAL AP-
2 ;^ . PEARANCE, WITH MANY HUNDRED VIEWS OF LANDSCAPES,
2 . RIVERS. VALLEYS, HILLS AND MOUNTAINS. SO COM-
2 PLETE AS TO PRACTICALLY TRANSFER THE ISL-
S I ANDS AND THEIR PEOPLE TO THE .
© ¦ " PICTURED PAGE.
2 With a special consideration of the conditions that prevailed before the declaration of war, by Senators Proctor,
5 Thurston, Money and numerous prominent writers and correspondents, and a comparison with conditions as
% . * ' Edited and arranged by
S - "W ML . S . B R, Y. Ji. 2<T "
2 Author of "Footprints of the World's History," "Heroes and Heroines of America," "America's War for Hu-
• ; " ' ; PHOTOGRAPHS BY
S WALTER B. TOWNSEND, FRED. W. TOUT, GEO. E. DOTTER AND OTHERS.
© : \ * ; COMPLETE IN TAVO QUARTO, VOLUMES.
§ i,' REGULAR PRICE $1500 PER SET. SPECIAL TO CALL READERS $3.20 PER SET.
© Superbly illustrated with, more than Twelve Hundred -Special Photographs, Colortypes and new Colored Maps.
...l^N.B.*— Only subscribers to Daily Cair are entitled to these books at premium rater All mail orders
©; must be accompanied -by $3.20, and books will be shipped by express, the cost of transportation to be paid by
, 9 subscriber at destination. . ' . : . ...
ft * ftaaftoaa ** oaoaftaaaofta ® 0 ® ft o®«a««««a«o«oo»»*»©©»o^o»oo©d©»®»od©«©©*fi
ABSOLUTE SECIJmTY.
Genuine CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS must
¦hear signature of /£*<*?£&£*£>
Very •nsall *u»d as ««sy
QFP I A A DTTD*C1 FOR HEADACHL SEE
bbt CARTERO FOR DIIZIMESS.
1TTJ F run DlLiUuantdd. r»r aiittmh
GENUINE Wivrb for torpid liver. GENUINE
unnuini: |IVER F0R comstipatior.
U7DADDCD M Hi FOR SAUOW SKIH. WRAPPER
WRAPPER ji^M iroRTHEcoMPLEXiOH wnKmn
****** ' vare^^^ 1 ! i :fL 0^^^
"FRIHSTTED ON RED PAPER,"
ADVEBTISEMENTS.Continued on Page Fifteen.
LONDON,' May "23.-^ good selection, num
bering 16,130 bales, caused spirited competition
London- Wool-Sales
'NEW YORK, May 23.— The cotton market
opened: steady, with prices unchanged to 2
points higher and closed quiet and- steady
with prices net unchanged to 0 points lower. '
Nezv. York Cotton Market
The only activity yesterday morning was In
Sterling, on the Oil Exchange, some thousands
of shares selling at $1 80@l 82%. Local stocks
and bonds were neglected..
There was nothing new in the afternoon.
The Onomea Sugar Company will pay -\
monthly dividend of 20 cents per share June 5.
The following quotations for the United Rall
rfad3 of San ! Francisco were received yester
day from New York by Bolton. De Ruyter &
Co. : Common stock, $24 75<g23: preferred.
SC0*3<fiin 25; 4 per cent bonds. $91892; sub
scriptions. $102 25®102 CO.
STOCK AND~B0ND EXCHANGE.
FRIDAY. May 23—2 p. m.
' UNITED STATES BONDS.
. BId.Ask. - Bid. Ask.
4s qr reg 110-T.UH4 Is qr cp(new)l.t«m.t7H
43 «r coup..llOT»lll% 8* qr coup. .107%10S«i
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W Ta. t)l% — .Oceanic S 3s — 90'4
Bay CPC 5s.108%10!> lOmnibus 6s.. — t.TO
C C G&E Ss.lOSVilOC 'Pac G Im 4s. — 100
STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, May 23.— About 310.000 pounds
of lake copper was sold to-day for July and
August delivery at $12@12 50. The local
market closed steady, with standard spot to
August quoted at $12, lake. $12 55 to $12 65,
electrolytic, $12 35@12 80, and casting $12 12%
@12 37%. The London copper market was un
changed sit £55. ; " , '• '¦ •
Tin was dull here with spot at $29 75@30 25.
The London tin market . was 7s higher, with
spot at £131 and futures at £133.
Lead was steady and unchanged here at 4%o,
and unchanged at London at £11 Us 3d.
Spelter rose ten points at New York and
closed at . $4 75. London was unchanged at
£18 10a. The further advance at New York
was caused by scarcity of spot supplies.
Iron ruled quiet and unchanged at New York
Pig iron warrants, remain nominal. No. 1
foundry Northern was .flujfjedat $19 50@20,
No. 2 foundry Northern ?10o0® 20, No. 1 foW
dry Southern, $18 50glO 50. 1 foundry,
southern, soft, fl8'60@10 50. The English
market ruled : about, steady. closed
at 53b Odand Mlddlesboro at 40s 3d.
~ LIVEPvPOOL.
Wheat—' • May. July. Sept.
Orening .......61 «1 « 2%
Closing; G1 Cl a 2%
¦ : PARIS.
: Wheat— . May. g e pt.
Opening il *>'' 20 65/
Closing 22 00 20 Co
-' Flour — • :'M :i-'*~_ :
Opening -<• s -' 26 55
Closing . . • - • 20 Uj 26 CO •
- New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, May 23. — To-day's stock mar
ket was dull to the point of stagnation. The
higlier prices in London induced an improve
mer.t at the opening here, but it was lost
through mere inanimation. Until the last hour
there was hardly enough motive power to show
any direction in the movement, with the ex
ception of. some special stocks.
There was quite a demand for the National
Lend stocks, due to the expectation that the
comi>any vould benefit from a proposed com
bination in an allied branch of the trade. The
American Linseed vtocks rose on rumoie of a
combination of the vegetable oil interest*. The
firmness cf Amalgamated Copper. Anaconda
and Smelting was due to the continued reports
of the widening demand for raw copper, both
here and abroad. The improvement in the cop
per trade is an influence extending far beyond
the stocks immediately affected. The allega
tion is made that the recent heavy exports of
.¦'ipj.fr are frolng abroad, in part at least, as
rtotks are. to get the benefit of the cheaper
money rates over there for holding purposes.
There was a renewal of the recent strength In
Canadian Pacific, but when the* advance
reached l-1i it halted. Pacinc Mall's 2%-polnt
rise was unexplained. The George A. Fuller
stocks made wide advances and the New York
public utilities and Colorado Fuel developed
late Flrensrth, the latter rising 2U. The ap
j>earance of the preliminary figures of the
week's movement of currency awakened more
animation than st any time during the day.
Outblde of those stocks already mentioned. Qm
• ffect was not notable except in St. Paul,
Vnion Pacific and Atchison. The currency
'.i- jr<-j-- indicate a. net gain by the banks on the
interior movement of nearly $5,000,000, which
;k «-uDp!em' > nt»'<l by a sain on Fub-Treasury op
eration* of $503,000. Bankers are generally
agrc-ed that there has been a further heavy
'¦ontractlon of loans and reduction of deposit
liabilities. It will be seen that the promise Is
for an extremely favorable bank statement.
The response in the Btock market was very
moderate. Possibly this was due to the fact
that the inward movement of currency has
been checked. New York exchange at Chicago
fell back to-day to near par. comsared with
«:0 certs premium early In the week. There
v.as transferred to-day through the sub-Treas
ury $?00,000 to New Orleans, following the
!!Ue amount transferred yesterday. There was
a c-all to-day for a 25 per cent installment of
<~a.Fh on FUbwriHtions to the «tta:mi<hlp merer
•iricJicale, >'h!cb cv.Us for flS.OOO.OyO. of wi;lch
New York Stock Market.
Foreign Futures.
EASTERN MARKETS.
BEANS — Bayos, $3@3 10; small White, $2 40
02 50; large White. $2 30@2 40: Pea, $3 25@
3 50: Pink, .$2 05®2 20; Red. $2 60; "Blackeye.
$4 00@5; Llmas, $3 t>5@3 75; Red Kidneys,
S3 60<a:j 75 per ctl.
SEEDS — Trieste Mustard. $2 50@2 65; Yel
low Mustard, $3 25@3 50; Flax, $2 25@2 50;
Canary, 3%c for Eastern; Alfalfa from Utah,
10%(811%c: California, '10@10V.c; Rape. 1%@
2%c; Hemp. 3%c per lb. f:
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $1 60@2; Green, $1 60
©2; Blackeye, nominal.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Supplies of new Potatoes were large and
prices had a sharp decline. The market did
not clean up, although trading' was brisk at
the low. prices. Slocks of old continued large
and prices. were still lower.- The market is
bare of Sweets, a \
There was no change in Onions, stocks being
large. "
Receipts of , Asparagus were just about suf
ficient for reaulrements and prices were up
held.' Rhubarb, and Peas were a shade lower
on second-class stock. Wax Beans were scarce
and the quotations were' readily obtained for
offerlnes. String were- a shade weaker under
heavier receipts. . Supplies of Mexican Toma
toes : and Peppers were light and they were
firmer under a steady demand.
POTATOES— New Potatoes, $1 60®2 in packs
and $1 40®l 85 in boxes; old. $1 23@1 40 for
Burbanks from the river: "from Oregon and
Washington, $1 40@l 60: River Reds, $130®
160; Oregon Burbanks, for seed, $l@l 30;
Sweets, . . .
ONIONS— Australian. $3 50@3 73, second
hands; new red. 40@50c per sack; SUversklns,
40ftf50c per box. . : :
VEGETABLES — Asparagus, extra fancy,
$2 25@2 50 per box. $1 75@2 for No. 1 and $1@
1 60 for No. 2; Rhubarb. 40@65c per box; extra
fancy, 75c<8*l; Green Peas, 50@S5c per sack;
Garden Peas, $l(g>l 25 -per sack; String Beans
from Los Angeles, 6@7c per lb; from Vacaville,
7@8c; Wax, 7@8c for Los Angeles and 8c for
Vacaville: Cabbage, 75@90c per ctl: Los Ange
les Tomatoes, per- crate: Mexican Tcma
toes, $2@2 50 per box; Dried Peppers, I0@llc
per lb; Los" Angeles do,; 13@17%c; Carrots. $1
per sack ; . from Arizona. . $3 ; Cucumbers from
MsTrysville. ?2 50©3 ifr lux; Hothouse do, 40®
Beans re'maln about as' before quoted, being
quiet, but with rather more steadiness.
Beans and Seeds.
Another advance in Bran is noted and.Mid
dlings rule firm. There is nothing new in
Hay. No more new crop .came : in.
BRAN— $18 50@10 50 per ton. " '
MIDDLINGS— $21(323 50 per. ton. ;
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $21@22 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the Mill, .$25®26; Job
bing, $26 50@27; Cocoanut Cake, $20@21; Corn
Meal, $:tl(g::$2; Cracked Corn, $31 60@32 50;
Mixed Feed, $16@17: Cottonseed Meal. $26 50.
HAY — Extra fine Wheat, $12; fair to choice
do, $9 60@ll 60; Wheat and Oat. $9@11 60-
Oat, . $S@10 50; Alfalfa, $7@11; Clover, $7@0;
Volunteer, $0 5O@8 50; Stock, $6@8 per ton.
STRAW — 40@65c per bale.
Hay and Feedstuffs.
MILLSTUFFS—^Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usr;al discount to rtie trade : Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $3; Rye Meal,
$2 75; Rice Flour. $7; Corn Meal, $3 25; extra
cream do, $4: Oat Groats, $5 25; Hominy. $4@
4 25; Buckwheat Flour, $4 50@4 75; Cracked
Wheat. $3 60; Farina. $4 50;. Whole Wheat
Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $7 35® 9; in
sacks, $6 85@8 50; Pearl Barley, $5 50; Split
Peas, $5 60; Green Peas, $6 50 per 100 lbs.
¦ FLOUR — California Family Extras, $3 50@
3 75. usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 40@3 60;
Oregon, $2 76@3 25 per barrel for family and
$3@3 50 fcr Bakers'; Washington Bakers', $30
3 50. • '
Flour and Millstuffs.
Provisions.
Chicago was dull and rather lower, and
brokers were the only buyers. The San Fran
cisco market was quiet and unchanged.
. CURED MEATS — Bacon, 13c per lb for
heavy, 13%c for light medium, 14% c for lleht
15%c for extra light and 16@l7c for sugar
cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 14 %c Cali
fornia Hams. 13%@14c; Mess Beef, $10 per
bbl; extra Mess, $10 50@ll; .Family. $11 50©
12; prime Mess Pork. $15@15 60; extra clear
$23; Mess, $18 50019; Dry Salt Pork Sufe
Pig Pork, $25; Pigs' Feet, $4 75; Smoked Beef
13% 314c Der lb. , '
LARD— Tierces quoted at 8%@S5ic per lb
for compound and 12%c for pure; half-barrels
pure, 12%c; 10-lb tins, 13Hc; 5-lb tins. 13%c
a-lb tins, 13%c. . * *
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel, 10%c; three
half-barrels, 10%c; one tierce, 10%c; two
tierces, 10%c; five tierces, 10%c per lb.
Hides, Talloiv,, Wool and Hops.
. The Portland Oregonlan gives ' the following
on hops: "During the week the last lots of
old hpps on the west side of the Willamette
were purchased at 15c, which Is about the best
price of the season. There were 183 bales in
the lots. The market continues very firm on
anything in the hop line, and offerings are
very light."
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about l%c under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, lie; medium. 10c; light. 9c; Cow Hides
0%c for heavy and 9c for light; Stags. 7c-
Salted Kip. 9c; Salted Veal, 0%c; Salted Calf
10c; Dry Hides. 15@16%c; Culls. 14@16c; Dry
Kip. ll@13c; Dry Calf. 16@18c: Culls and
¦Brands. 15@16c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 20®
30c each; short Wool, 40®60c each; medium
65@75c; long Wool. 80c@$l 20 each; Horse
Hides, salt, $3 for large and ?2"50 for me
dium, $1 50@2 for small and 50c for Colts -
Horse- Hides, dry,- $1 75 for large, $1 50 for
medium. $1@1 25 for small and 50c for Colts
Buck Skins — Dry Mexican, 32%c; dry salted
Mexican. 25c; dry Central American, 32 %c
Goat Skins — Prime Angoras, 75c; large and
smooth, 50c; medium, 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 6%@Cc per lb;
No. 2. 4%@5c; grease. 2%@3%c.
WOOL — Spring, Northern free, 14@16c; do,
defective, 13@14c; Middle County free, 13@15c:
do, defective. 12@13c; Southern. 12 months, U@
10c: do. 7 months. 0@Uc; Foothill, . ll@13c;
Nevada. 12@15c per lb. ¦ .
. HOPS — 12c for fair and 13@14c per lb for
good to choice. . ¦ •
. General Merchandise.
. . • •:
. BAGS— Calcutta are In large supply and
weak, several steamers having brought In sufc-'
piles before they were expected. Grain Bags,
June and July, 5%@6c; San Quentin. 5.55c-
Wool Bags. 32@35c; Fleece Twine, 7%@8c.
COAL — Wellington. $9 per ton; «t>uthfleld
Wellington, $»: Seattle. $ti 50: Bryant. $«i 50;
Roslyn. $7; Coos Bay. $5 60; Greta. $8; Walls
•end. $S 50; Co-operative Wallsend, $S 60; Cum
berland. $12 In bulk and $13 23 in sacks; Penn
sylvania Anthracite -Egg. ; Welsh Anthra
cite. $14; Cannel, $11 per ton; Coke, $15 per
ton in bulk and. $17 in sacks; Rocky Moun
tain descriptions, $S 45 per 2000 lbs and $3 50
per ton, according to brand.
OIL — California Castor Oil. In cases. No 1
70c; pure,$l20; Linseed Oil. in barrels, boiled'
'7Sc;.raw, 76c; . cases, 5c more; Lucol. CSc for
boiled and 66c for raw. .In barrels; Lard Oil
extra winter strained, barrels. $1; cases, Si 0.V
China Nut, 57%®6So per gallon; pure Neats
foot. In barrels. 70c; cases, 73c; Sperm pure
65c; Whftle Oil, natural white. 40@50c per gal
lon; Fish Oil, barrels, 42%c; cases 47'ic-
Cocoanut Oil, barrels, 63 lie for Ceylon ami
5SV'.c for Australian.
' COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil In hulk
'lSViOUc; Pearl Oil,. In cases. 20c; Astral 20c'-
Star. 20c: Extra Star. 23c: Elaine, 25c; Eocene"
22c; deodorized etove Gasoline. In bulk. - 16c
ln cases. -22%c;, Benzine, in bulk. 14%c- in
cases, 21c: SO-degree Gasoline, in bulk, 20c- m
cases. 26%c.
TURPENTINE— COc per gallon In cases and
6.1c in drums ami Iron barrels." ¦*_--••'
/ SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com-
PRUNES — 1901 crop are quoted as follow*
30-40s, 6V4«6%c; 40-60s, 6<§5%c; 50-60s 4%©
4»4c; 60-70S. 4@4%c; 70-80s, 3%@3%c; 80-OoT
3@3%c; 90-lOOs, 2%®2%c per ibf"*" 7 * 1 " O "-* H *.
. RAISINS — Seeded, 3-crown, 8c; 2-crown 6«A
@7%c; Loose Muscatels, 6%c for 4-crown" and
5%c for seedless; 3-crown, 6c; 2-crown 5-iic-
Seedless Sultanas, 5%c for unbleached a'nd ' 7S
8%c for bleached. Clusters— Imperials, $3
?, e^l s A' !? 60: Fancy> n 60: Lond o° Liyert'
$1 25@ld5. .. . •
NUTS— Walnuts, No. 1 softs"hell, 11 U c - No
2, 6%@7%c; No. 1 hardshell, 9c; No 2 7c- A?'
monds. 10%@12c for papershell. 9@10c 'for 'soft
shell and e@7c for hardshell; Peanuts, 6® 7c for
Eastern; Brazil Nuts. 12@12%c; Filberts 12®
12%c; Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts, $3 50<S5
HONEY— Comb, ll@12c for bright and9@llc
«°T n f. h i. amb J r: water whlte extracted, 5®
6%c; light amber extracted, 4@4V.c: dark 4c
BEESWAX— 27%@20c per lb. ' *
• FRUITS — Apricots,. 9@10c for Royals and 10
@13c for standard to fancy Moorparks; Evapo
rated Apples. 10@ll%c; sun dried, 6®7c-
Peaches. 6Vi@S?4c; Pears, 6@9c; Plums, pitted'
5@6%c; unpltted, 1%@2%c; Nectarines 5%iatto
for red and 5%@6c for white; figs, 3U.®4t4c
fcr black and 5%@6c for white. 73w**jc
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
fornia conditions are about normal.
Forecast made at Ean Francisco for 30 hours
ending midnight May 24. IW2:
Northern California — Fair, warmer Saturday,
with fog alone the coast In the morning; light
rortherly winds inland; brisk westerly winds
on the coaet.
Southern California — Fair Saturday; light
northerly winds in the Interior; fresh westerly
winds on the coast.
Nevada — Fair, warmer Saturday.
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Saturday,
trith fog in the morning; light northerly winds,
changing to brisk westerly.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
FORECAST.
The pressure has risen slowly over the west
ern half of the country except on the coast of
California south of Point Conception.
Cloudy, unsettled weather prevails over the
lntermountain regiun and light shower* are
reported In. Northern Nevada and Northern
Utah. A thunderstorm is reported at Salt
Lake City.
The temperature *as risen slowly over the
Pacific Slope. In the great valleys of Cali-
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
THE COAST RECORD.
Sin Francisco data — Maximum temperature.
88; minimum. £0; laean, 54.
Eureka 5S-."2 Los Aneeles CS-44
Bed Rluff 80-52 Sacramento 74-lS
Mt. Tamalpais.. .<>1-4.1 Pan Luis Obispo.. 70-10
Fresno .80-50 San Diego 61-50
tHdeperidence . . . .74-401
Butter, Eggs and Cheese show no change.
All are in ample supply. a3 usual at this tima
of the year.
Meats remain unchanged. Poultry sells at
last week's prices. The Game list is now re
duced to Hare. Rabbits and Snipe. ¦'
Currants, Blackberries and Raspberries ar»
added to the list of fruits and other new
varieties will be coming in right along now.
There is nothing new in Vegetables.
COAL. PER TON — '
Cannel $ r@13 00; Southfleld
Wellington. @11 00 • Wellington $— ®11 CO
Seattle tj? 8 50 Coos Bay @ 7 Co
Roslyn .... @ 0 00| Greta — @10 0U
DAIRY PRODUCE, ETC.—
Butter, choice. sq3,"®4'5| Common Eggs.— ©I"!-.
Do good 35@— Ranch Eggs per
Common 30® — dozen 20@°5
Cheese, Cal 12@15|Honey, comb, per
Cheese, Eastern. . 17S20I pound 15@ o 0
Cheese, Swiss 20@30| Do extracted... SrrilO
MEATS. PER LB. —
Bacon 12%@1S Pork Sausages. 12% ffl 15
Hams , 1.*© 17, Smoked Beef 1722^
Lard 15@— | **
The San Francisco Butchers* Protective As
sociation announces the following retail prices
for meats:
Roast Beef 10@15i Spring Lamb..l2%tS' > 0
Tenderloin Stk.l5@17% j Roast Mutton. 12%©— -
Porterhouse do.l7%(S20jMutton Chops. .12^ol3
Round Steak... 10@12%j Mutton Stew 8-aio
Beef Stew 8@lo Roast Veal 12'rtlj
Corned Beef 8@10 Veal Cutlets IS®!*
Roast Lamb 15<"3fl3 Roast Pork ...12%-ai5
Lamb Chopa 15@20|Pork Chops —QiA
POULTRY AND GAME—
Hens, each 50&00; Geese, each ...$1 5oat
Young Roosters. I Goslings . ..$1 3002 60
each 75@$1 1 Pigeons, pair 40<as.i
Old Roosters, ea.50@75| Squabs, per palr.50<Q&>
Fryers, each 6OS75 Rabbits, each 15&2O
Broilers, each. . .30® 50 Hare each .. fl-" 1 ©
Turkeys, per lb..20®22 English Snipe,
Ducks, each 65@$1 per dozen... — @S4 00
. FRUITS AND NUTS— •
Apricots, lb 25@30iGrape Fruit, per
Alligator Pears. | dozen 50@75
each ". .25@50 :Dried Figs, per lb — (BIO
Almonds 13&20 Limes, dozen ....10@15
Apples 3@ 5 .Lemons, dozen... 20®"m>
Blackberries. Oranges, dozen. .20$ (!0
per basket 10@15 Pineapples, each.30@3O
Cherries. . per Ib..lO@15 Raspberries, per
Currants, per lb.25@ — basket @^j
Pecans — @20|Ral8lns. per lb.. 5©13
Brazil Nuts . . ~ .20®— Strawberries, per
Bananas. doz....23@o5 drawer 30@50
Cocoanuts, each.. — @10 Walnuts, per lb..l53"O
Gooseberries, lb..lO@15 *
VEGETABLES —
Asparagus 5@10' Mushrooms, lb...— -<Q—
Artichokes, doz. .15040 Okra. dried, lb.. «Q23
Beets, dozen 10® — Potatoes, per lb n n »
Beans, white, lb. V<8 — 'New Potatoes.... 2& 4
Colored, per lb. 5-9 — j Parsnips, per dz 10<»—
Dried Lima, lb... 6@ 3 Radishes, dozen
Cabbage, each... 5® — bunches ISHfO
Celery, head s . 5(3— • Rhubarb 3%' a
Cress, dz bnchs. .20(g30 Sweet Potatoes
Cucumbers, . I per lb —&—.
dozen 75c@$l &O Sage, doz bnchs. 25®-J0
Egg Plant, Ib..l2%@15: String Beans, per W
Garlic «@ Sj pound 8©r»U
Green Peppers,lb.l5@25; Summer Squash
Green Peas, lb...2%i@4i per pound... SiSl'Mi
Lettuce, per doz.l5@2U|Sprouta, per lb...— n3-i-
Leeks. doz bnchs. 15@20 Spinach, per lb. 3®—
Onions, -per lb... 2@ 5 j Thyme, dz bchs.. 25(830
Green Onions, dz Tunjips, per doz.loS—
i bunches ...;.. — @ — 'Tomatoes^ Ib... 25©
FISH—
carp ~r§r~ Sea Bass ..—©is
Catfish 10(8— Smelts 12%«15
Codfish 12%@— Soles I&QVm;
Flounders 10@— Skates, each 8@ii
Halibut — @12% Squid —®l7)
Herring — ©- 1 - Tomcod ....... 10Ql->U
Mackerel 12%@— Turbot 15®^i
Do horse — @10 Trout 334*50
Perch ...I0@— Brook Trout .'.'.'— 2s«3
Pompino 50®— Whitefish 10®—
Rockcod — <S15 Clams, gallon ...Bjka—
Roekflsh — (Slo Do hardshell.
Salmon, fresh — @15i per pound ... 8®1«
Do smoked.... — ®20 Crawfish — @—
Sardines — @ — Crabs, each ...12%*xI5
ghrimps — %f — Mussels, quart... — «
Shad 8(fflO Oysters. Cal. 100.40<S5O
Striped Bass... 12%@15! Do Eastern. dz.25®40
NEW YORK, May 23.— The following table,
compiled by Bradstreet. shows the bank deal
ings at' the principal cities for the week ended
May 22. with the percentage of increase and
decrease as compared with the corresponding
week last year : • ' : •
Percentage.
Cities — Amount. Inc, Dec.
New York $1,340,842,517 23;4
Chicago 156.871.760 .....
Boston 132.699.6S0 15.4
Philadelphia ..... 127.973.748 15.7 ....
St. Louis 6l.823,80:{ . 8.4 , .;'
Pittsburg .... 44.157.230, *
Baltimore 22.049,776 11.8
San Francisco ... 22.731,991 10.1 ....
Cincinnati 20,073,400 13.1
Kansas City 15.995, 48U 13.0
Cleveland 14.26S.177 11.7 ....
Minneapolis 10,184,257 19.7
New Orleans 11.W92.823 20.7 ....
Detroit 11,252,096 ' 17.4 ....
Louisville 9.414,725 9,. 4
Indianapolis 10,809.816 42.2 ....
Providence 7.401.000 15.2
Omaha «i.84.\2»t$ 4.5 ....
Milwaukee 7.179.0C7 .... 0.7
Buffalo ' 5.S20.511 .... 3.9
St. Paul 4,718.294 1.4
St. Joseph 4.800,997 .... 2.5
Denver 4,042.696 .,.. 2.2
Richmond 4,031.537 8.7 ....
Savannah 3.471,608 16.9 ..4.
Salt Lake City... 2.984.055 4.0
Albany 3,853.2<M 27.0
Los Angeles 4.730.5S6 61.3 ....
Memphis 3.788.404 22.5
Fort Worth 2.671.460
Seattle 3.248,914 35.4
Washington 3.776,402 34.7
Hartford 2.262,763 8.2
Peoria 2,573,305 0.S ....
Toledo 2.0SS.S07. 21.0
Portland. Or 2.805.292 28.0
Rochester 2.747.893 S.5 1
Atlanta 2.087.800 13.1
Des Moines 2.127.01W 56. 1 ....
New Haven 1.683,819 10.6 ....
Worcester 1,710,051 . 8.3 ....
Nashville 1,698,405 27.4 ....
Springfield, Mass. 1.578.728 2.2 ....
I Norfolk • 1,337,723
Grand Rapids 1,603.011 43.4 ....
Scranton 1.409,024
Portland, Me 1.470,045 22 1
Sioux City 1,376,104 4.6 .. *
Augusta 1,245.078 34.8
Syracuse 1.332.1M 33.0
Dayton. Ohio 1,405,063 27.4 ..
Tacoma 1.434,322 27.4
Spokane 1,443,662 40;0 . .'.
Topeka 1.047.787 7.2
Davenport 876,002 ....
Wilmington. Del.. 1,146.119 23 6
Evansvllle 083.730 7 3
Birmingham 1,148.630 29*.7 """
Fall River l,163,90r 63.4 """
Macon G4S.O0O 12 1
Little Rock 8.J5.157 83!o
Helena 518.493 "7*i
Knoxvllle 686,263 0 1
Lowell 606,235 . .. . '5*3
Akron 603,000 21 8
Wichita 470.690 ..
Springfield. Ill 528.609 22 5 """
Lexington ..1.... 482.302 ~18'l [?""""
New Bedford 531,223 36 8 : """
Chattanooga 571,363 29 2
Youngstown 636,763 57 8
Kalamazoo 546,540 • 34 1 ' ' "
Ffrgo 321,760 _ 7)3 '.'"
Bingham. 377,600® 23.6
Rockford 304,338 ,. 'e's
Canton 530,000 46 0
Jacksonville. Fla. 366 909* 23" •""
Springfield. Ohio.. 347,757 ie'5 .
Chester 308.823 0*2
Quincy 317.134 "
"Bloomlngton 324,620 ]2*5 ""
Sioux Falls 203,610 22*2 ""
Jacksonville, 111... 148,114 10*3 '**•*
Fremont 142,771 19'a
•Houston 10,388,143 8*3 "-""•¦"
•Columbus. Ohio. . 8,338,900 ">«>'i ""
"Wheeling S80.430 so'ft
•*WiIke3barre 901.562 ""
••Beaumont 448.521
Decatur, 111 220.507 '.'.'.'. ""
Totals U. S... $2,134,005,353 ' TTZ
Outside N. Y. 703,102,836 '2'i
CANADA.
Montreal $22,260,350 177
Toronto 16,088,452 4s's ""
Winnipeg 3,221,501 502
Halifax 1,809.078 TA
Vancouver. B. C 2,01)8,575 147's
Hamilton ..a.... 9S3.536 ' «¦»»"•» ••••
St. John, N. B . 789.368 V?
Victoria. B. C 905.816 62 1
••Quebec 1.343,621 44 'n
Ottawa 2,195,450 .'.'.[ .'•¦•."
Totals Canada ; $50,379,887 ioil ~
' »Not included in totals because containing
other items than clearings. "Not Inch.rtl2 B
totals because of no comparison for Taster"
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'cIqek-rNo sales.
Second Session — December— 6000 ctls, $1 12%;
4000. $1 12%; 16,000, $1 13;. 2000, $1 12%.
Regular . Morning Sesfclon— rDecember — S000
ctls,. $1 12%. ,
Regular Afternoon -Session — December — 28,
000 ctlB, $1 12»4 ; 32,000, $1 12%.
BARLEY — Spot grain. Is sympathizing with
the advance In futures and is firmer. 1 Sellers
tried to. get $1 01% for Feed yesterday, but
could not obtain over $1 for the best. Offer
ings are not large and neither Is the demand.
Feed, 98%c@.?l for No. 1 and .97 %c for off
grades; brewing and shipping grades, $l<fj>
1 01%; Chevalier, nominal.
• CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — December—
2000 ctls, 84c.
Second Session — December — 2000 ctls, 84c
Regular ! Morning Session — December — 2000
ctls, 8391c.
Regular Afternoon Session — No sales.
OATS — Continue quiet and unchanged. Grays,*
•51 37%@1 45; whites, $1 85@1 50; milling,
$1 50«fl 55; black, $1 25@1 35; red, $1 32%@
1 45 per ctl.
CORN — The markets everywhere continue
dull. Chicago was firm, in sympathy with
higher Southwestern markets, but pr'ce3
showed no particular' variation. The San
Francisco market remained as before. Large
Yellow, $1 47%@1 52%; small round do, $1 50
@1 55; White, $1 60@l 62%.
RYE — 90695c per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT—?! 75. per ctl and nominal.
The San Francisco market- continuel quiet
r.nd not materially changed.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 13%; milling,
?1 15@1 17% per ctl. •
WHEAT — The foreign markets were firm
and featureless.
Chicago was steady, with a better shipping
demand, but futures were stagnant. | There
were heavy rains about the lakes and in the
Southwest and the latter' region Is now send
ing in complaints of too much wet weather.
Wheat arid Other Grains.
CHICAGO. May 23.— It. was a dull day In
wheat until shortly .before the close. Early In
the day there was some strength on cables,
confirmation of good export business yesterday
and light, receipts. .Price changes, however,
were very small most of the. morning. July
opened a shade higher to unchanged at 74%e
to 74c and sold up to 74&C. After this slight
1 advance the market hung dull and listless.
I There were numerous bearish Incentives but
I the bears were not Inclined early to do much
with them. Argentine shipments were liberally
: increased. The crop prospects were exceptiori
i ally good. In the' last hour of business the
j bears took advantage of the apparent lack of
! energy in the wheat market and put on pres-
I sure. Liquidation brought out some stop loss
orders ; there was no export support, and prices
slumped to a weak close, July %<@%c down at
73 >/»<§. 73 %e.
Corn ruled the strongest of the pits until
whtat broke. The small receipts were bullish
In their effects and offerings were small, but
crop prospects were toe-good to *lve the mnr
i.ket any decided bullish snap.. Wheat had a
¦weakening effect as the market grew dull.
July closed weak %@%c lower at 01 %c.
1 Oat* were the center of more interest than
I for several days paat. -The general tone most
of the day was strong, but trade was light
and the weakness in other grains worked
against the early advance. July closed a shade
lower at 37Vi@37%c.
Provisions had too narrow a market to al
low cf the general liquidation that was forced
by longs unloading. The close was weak. July
I pork closed 12%c lower, lard and ribs f>@7%c
1 lower.
The. leading futures ranged as follows: ' .
Articles — Open. , High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
May 74 74 V4 73% 73%
July 74% 74 !i 73% 73«fe
September .. 73% 73Vi 72% 72%
December 74% 74% 73% ~3&
Corn No. 2 — ¦
May 61»i 62Vi 61% CHi
July 62% 62% 61 % 61 %
September .. 60% 61 59% B0%
Oats No. 2—
May 43% 44 43% .43%
July, old 35% 35% 35% 35%
July. new... 37% 37% 37% 37%
Sept., old 29% 29% 29 29%
Sept., new... 31 31 30% S0»i
Mess Pork. per. barrel —
May ........1" 15 17 17% 16 97% ' 17 02%
July 17 25 17 27% 17 10 17 12%
Lard, ¦ rer 100 pounds —
July 10 20 10 27% 10 12% 10 15
September ..10 22% 10 30 • 10 15 10 17%
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds—
July 9 62% 9 67% 9 55 9 57%
September . . 9 65 9 70 9 57% 0 60
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
steady; No. 3 spring wheat, 72@74%c; No. 2
Red. 79%<581%c; No. 2 oats, 43%c: No. 2
white, 45<g45Uc: No. 3 white, 44%®45i£c; No.
2 Rye, 59@60c; good feeding barley, 68@'69c;
fair to choice malting, J0«?72c; No. 1 flaxr
seed. $1 f>f); No. 1 Northwestern, $1 76; prime
timothy seed, 56 30; mess pork, per barrel,
$17fil7 05; Lard, per 100 pounds, $10 15@10 20;
Bhort ribs sides Ooose). $9 00@9 70; dry salted
shoulders (boxed), 8@8V4c; short clear sides
fboxed), ?10 20@10 30; whisky, ba*!s of high
wines. ' $l" 30; clover, contract grade. ;$8 35.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
, Flour, barrels 21,000 7,000
Wheat, bushels, 10.000 -37,000
Corn, bushels | •• 4B.00O 102,000
Oats, bushels 143.000 . 96.000
Rye. bushels 4.000 -:
I Barley, bushels .-• 22.000 1,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
Market was steady. Creameries, 18021 V»c.
Dairies, 17(5)19c. Cheese, weak, 119i@12%c.
Eggs, steady; fresh, 15c. }
WASHINGTON, May 23.— To-day's state
ment of the Treasury balances In the general
fund, exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve
in the division of redemption, shows :^ Avail
able cash balance. $187,639,253; gold, $95,
i>33,096.
Condition of the Treasury.
Sterling Exchange. 60 days — $4 85%
Sterling Cables, sight — 4 88
Sterling Cables — 4 89
New York Exchange, sight...'... — 15
New Ycrk Exchange, telegraphic — 17%
Sliver, per ounce : — 51%
Mexican Dollars, nominal - — . 45%
Exchange and Bullion.
FOR FRIDAY. May 23.
Flour, qr sks 10,S32iBran. ska «0
Wheat, ctls 75,16 1; Leather, rolls.. S«
Barley, ctls 15,RK.">: Hides No 70s
Oats, ctls '. 275!Pelts bdls 50T.
Beans, sks 127 , Lime, bbls 3«l
Corn, ctls 310 Wine, gals 94,700
Potatoes, ska... 1,7::4 Quicksilver, flks. 50
Onions, sks 906 Tallow, ctls.... 24.">
Wool, bales 414 Paper, car 1
Hay. tons «. 340 Sugar, ctls 2 4SO
Middlings, sks.. 800
Receipts of Produce.
Sterling exchange was heavy with actual
business in bankers' bills at $4 87 for demand
and at if 4 84% for sixty days.
Posted rates, f4 85% and $4 88.
Commercial bills, f4 83%@4 84%.
Bar -Silver. 51 %c.
Mexican dollars. 41%c. . .
Government bonds were easy; States inac
tive; railroads, firm.
Prime mercantile peper, 4%@5 per cent,
NEW YORK, May 23. — Money on call was
easier at 2* 4 <j?3% per cent, closing bid and
asked 2->;<g3 per cent.
Nezv York Money Market.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges, $l@3 50
according to size and quality; Seedlings, $1 56
@2 25; Mediterranean Sweets, ?1 25@2 50- St
Michaels, $1 50®2; Valenclas, $2 50@3 50; Malta
Blood Oranges, $1 50@2; Tangerines. In quar
ter boxes, 60c@$l and $1 25@1 50 in half boxes;
Lemons, 75c@$l for common and »S1 25@1 75
for good to choice and $2@2 75 for fancy; Grape
Fruit, 75c@$2; Mexican Limes, $4@4 50- Ba
nanas. $2 25@3 per bunch for New Orleans and
?2<g2 50 for Hawaiian; Pineapples, $3@4 per
dozen.
CHERRIES— White, 40@75c per drawer- in
bulk, 3@5c; Black, 50@00c per box and drawer
and 5@7c in bulk. .
RASPBERRIES— ?1@1 25 per drawer.
GOOSEBERRIES— 20@25c per drawer and 2
@2%c in bulk; English, 75c per drawer and
in bulk.
CURRANTS— $1 50@l 75 per drawer
APRICOTS— From Yuma, $2 50@3 per crate
APPLES— $1@2 50 per box. according to'
quality.
STRAWBERRIES— ?5@7 per chest for Long
worths and $3<§4 50 for Malindas; crates from
Watsonville, ; from Florin
Two cars of Oranges were auctioned yester
day; fancy Navels, sold readily at ?2 50<f3 15
and choice Seedlings brought $1 50@l 75. In
the open market there was steady inquiry for
small sizes, of fancy Oranges, but there were
yery few available. Stocks of Bananas are
limited and the quotations are largely nom
inal. Lemons are moving: well at the auo
tations. . M
Longworth Strawberries came to hand In
good condition, and as receipts were lighter
prices had a narrower range. Malindas were
unchanged ' and the . usual quantity of poor
stock came In. Gooseberries sell slowly and
receipts are steadily increasing. Only one
chest/ of Raspberries was received and the
quotations were readily obtained.
1 Apricots and Currants were in light receipt
and sold promptly at the quotations.
Some extra ' fancy black Cherries were sold
above the tfuoted prices, but the quotations
cover the general run of offerings. Receipts
were about 2400 boxes and the market had an
easier tone.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
The followinc maximum and minimum tem
peratures were reverted from stations in Cali
fornia to-day :
fl20tU Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. May 23, 5 p. m
Weather Report
chards in the central jjortion of the valley,
ivhlle in other orchards the prospects are fa
vorable fcr from a half to a full crop. Bart
lett pears will be short, but cherrips and Petite
prunes are promising. It is too early to Ml
much nbout apples, but the reports so far are
favorable, and it is thought that at least an
a-orspe crop will be obtained. Strawberries
are doing well and the first ripe Oregon berries
of the season were marketed from Hood River
during the latter part of the week.
The weather has been unfavorable for tree
fruit and the reports regarding the condition
of pruries ar.d pears are very conflicting:. Ital
ian rnmps will be a total failure in some or-
The past -week has been unseasonably cool j
en1 cold, local rains have occurred almost
daily in the arestera part of the State, an'l
fhewery conditions prevailed peneraily ea?t of
tlie Cascade Mountains. A sharp frost occurrel
Monday morning in Southern Oregon, and the
•Indentions are favorable for frost again on
Tuesday m"rr.ing. in all exposed localities, ex
cept the coast.
Both fa.ll and spring wheat continue to make
satisfactory progress, except on low and poorly
drained land in the Willamette Valley, where
th» fall wheat keeps yellow and has a sjckly
»Fr**rance. It is thought new that some of
th'.s yellow wheat will not mature and that it
will later be out for fodder. Complaints are
elso being made that in Umatilla County the
fa!l wheat is unusua'ly weedy. Fall rye and
barley are bf^inning to head. Oats are doing
r.icely. and prass of all kinds is making a
luxuriant growth. .
Gardens are backward and very ww<y. Th»
cool, wet weather has retarded the growth of
tender vegetables, but potatoes seem to be
•Joing fairly wclL Pots to and corn planting
1e progrpssing as rapidly as possible, and the
*arly planted fields have come up nicely. Hops
are also in a premising condition and the vinss
now reach above the top of the poles.
The icieekiy report of Edward A. B»>als. sec
tion director United States Weather Bureau,
fcr the Oregon Crop Bulletin, week ended May
20. is as follows:
Oregon Crop Bulletin.
«,.£ flrm . and unchanged market is noted. for
evaporated apples, with offerings light and
tra<fe limited. State, common to good, 7@9V 4 c
prime, 9%@10c; choice, 10H@10%c; fancyT 10%
,,r^ n t S 7 ere steady- Apricots and peaches
t^l%i&-$:ut b unchanged -
Boxed, 10%@14c; bags, I0%@
PEACHES-Peele'd. 14@16c; unpeeled. 8@llc.
DRIED FRUITS
NEW YORK, May 23.— FLOUR— Receipts,
23,750 barrels; exports, 12.73S barrels. Slow
and easier, 10@15c lower. .
WHEAT — Receipts, 56,575 bushels; exports,
63.C80 bushels. Spot, easy. No. 2 red, 87%c;
No. 2 red, S8%c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 North
ern Duluth. Sl%c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard
Manitoba. Sl% c f. o. b. afloat.;.- Up to midday
wheat was> steadily held, although very dull
The close was weak, %@%c net decline.' May
£l° 7 fd7 9! !$c; July closed 79%c; September.
5-^c!'cl^ed C l°9%c " %Ci D . eCember ' ™%«™.
• HOPS— Firm.
HIDES— Firm. . -.
WOOL— Steady. ' .
¦ COFFEE— Spot Rio, firm; No. 7 ¦ invoice,
5%c; mild, quiet; Cordova. 8#11% C , Futures
market closed firm, with prlces.net unchanged
to 5 points higher. Total sales, 11,750 bags
'"eluding: May, 5.05c; June, .5.05c; July
5.15c; October, 5.40c; November, 5.45c- De
cember, 5.55c; March, 5.80c. . . '
SUGAR— Raw, firm; fair refining,' 2%c;
ri^^refln^d^staly 7 ; 160 ' M ° laSBeS — '
about 60 oer cent i* payable in New York.
The transaction did not cause a ripple to-day
in the lo-^al money market. The determined
waiting attitude of the market seems to be due
to the uncertainties of the coal strike and to
the approach of the critical period of the corn
crop. The latter is receiving more and more
attention every day and is destined to have a
greater influence on simulation than any
other one factor. Definite news is also
awaited of the Boer peace conference. Confi
dence is growing that there will be a favorable
outcome.
The bond market was dull but firm. Total
sales. r>ar value. $2,290,000. United State?
bonds were all unchanged on the last call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks — Open. High. Low. Close
Atchison 22,200 80% 79% »0%
Atchison pfd 4,500 OS^j 98 98H
Bait & Ohio 500 100% 106U 106»£
Bait & Ohio pfd .... 95
Canadian Pac 28,200 134% 133 134%
Canada So 1.200 SW 95 95%
Ches & Ohio 200- 46% 4«% 4t5<£
Chi & Alton 1,700 3$% 38 3S%
Chi & Alton pfd... 400 76% 7(J 7«V4
Chi Ind & Louis... $00 75 73U 74
Chi. I & L pfd S6
™ & E 1 500 165% 165 lC5i;
Chi & Gt Western. 2,300 29 W 28% 29*i
Chi & Gt W A pfd. 100- 69 S!)' S8H
Chi & Gt W B pfd 48
Chi & NW 1,000 250 245 24D«/i
Chi R I & P 300 174 173% I73}i
Chi T & T ,_900 21% 21U 21%
Chi T & T pfd 900 3SV3 38 38
C C C & St Louis 105%
Colo Southern 1,500 31% 31 % 31%
Colo So 1st pfd '.. 70%
Colo So 2d pfd 300 43 42% -42%
Del & Hudson 1.2C0 177 175% 176
Del L & W * 270
D & R G 41V$ I
D & R G pfd 200 WHi 90 90
Erie 4,500 % 37 U 36% 37%
Erie let pfd 100 C7% ti7% 67%
Erie 2d pfd * 5l£
Gt Northern pfd 184
Hocking Valley ... 200 82Vi Sl% 82
Hocking Val prd... 200 M% 90% 00
Illinois Central ... 1,900 153% 15-{ 153V1
j Iowa Central 100 45% 45% 45V;
! Iowa Central pfd S3U.
:LEtW 100 C5»A «5% C5»4
L E & W pfd .... 125"
Louis & Nash 1,000 140 ! ,i 139% 139
Manhattan L 7.9C0 133% 131% 133
Met St Ry 1.100 14St% 14<J 149%
Mex Central 1.S0O 27% 27H 27%
Minn & St Louis... 200 112% 112 111%
Missouri Pacific ... 5,200 100 9914 lOt)
M K & T 300 25 '4 25% 25 "4
M K & T pfd BOO 56L* 56 561-!
N J Central , i$2 '
N Y Central 2.000 157 156 157%
Nor & West 1,700 57 D6% G«U
Nor & West pfd S#%
Ont & Western ... 1.100 32>4 32% 32V
Pennsylvania 500 149?i 149% 140 V.
Reading ¦ 11,500 «2U (ilTt 62-V
Reading 1st prd... 400. 83% . S3 83%
Reading 2d pfd 3,500 C8% " 68 . USS
ft L & S F 300 CS 6S 67%
S L & S F 1st pfd g.{
S L & S F 2d pfd. 100 71% 71% 7P.V
! Et Louts SW * iiir
St Louis SW pfd... 100 53V4 59>i 'hh±
St Paul 20,400 171% 160 <4 171%
st Paul pfd 100 iao i»o im I
So Pacific (i,400 C5V4 64*. 05
So Railway •. l.soo 37% 3<j». 37U
So Railway pfd.... 1.400 94% 94% 94%:
t'sA^w:::::: :#5 fi*> £ % SS
T St L & W pfd... 100 37% 37«i .T7Vi
tnicn Pac. 30,800 105% K.4% 105%
u abash 1,400 27 Vi °7 *>7
iwheef&L"^:::::" 8>10 ° * i% h% I 4 , vi
W & L E 2d pfd ...'.[ '....'. ?T
Wisconsin Central. SOO 27>A '"7*1" "734
Wisconsin Cent pfd '~ ~ '. Z<1?
Express companies — ,
Adams «> ort
American ' " ?,.,~
ll? 1 , 1 ,™ 1 states 100 iioii iir.U m
Welli" Fargo " " A,'-
Misrellaneous — " '
Amal Copper 21,700 71% To?4 71
I Am Car & F pfd.. 200 «9% 89^i f-OK
I Amtr Lir.seed Oil . . 1.5O0 20U, 24U wv
Am Lin Oil pfd KlvL
Amer Smelt & R. . 10,200 48% '4774 '.fj 1
Am Smelt & R pfd 1,000 97% M% 90>A
Anaconda Min Co. . 2.300 118% 117 iisv
Brooklyn R Transit 20.100 67% «o r,7ul
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 2.700 100% o$«4 1O oiI
Consolidated Gas.. 2.400 223V4 4 >21V. oot
Cont Tobacco pfd 2 T^iz
Gen Electric 500 3io" 315"
Hocking Coal loo 18% I84 * ]8
Inrernat Paper 500 21 soil "1
Intern. Paper pfd jji/
Intemat- Power. ...- '.'" • ¦ ¦ *7j
Laclede Gas io
National Biscuit... 100 47% *47vt 47
National Lead 23,600 23% 21 y. 22K
Sffii^Ki ,. 100 ! 24% 124 * m
Pacific Mail 2.400 42% ii" 42%
People's Gas 300 102% 102 IO2\4
Pressed Steel Car. . 5,200 45 44U 4%^
Pressed S Car pfd. 100 84 ;i 84 % 84"!S6
Pullman Pal Car 8 2^5
Republic Steel 1,700 17% 'mi- 'iru
Republic Steel pfd 200 73% 73S? 73U,
Sugar 10.200 129% 128% 12«:k
Tenn Coal & Iron.. 1,300 63% 03 ew
Union B & P Co «'"
U B & P Co pfd gj,,
U S Leather 1,300 13% 'iky. 131?
. U J 5 J-t ather pfd - 300 84^ 84% 8-»*
V S Rubber 700 15% 14S 15V
U S Rubber pfd.. 400 57 56% 5«U
U S Steel -10.200 40% 40% 4014
U S Steel pfd 3.900 90% 90% ' Vo\L
Western Union .... 1,800 01% 90% 91 %
Amer Loco COO 31 % 31 31 .v
Amer Loco pfd 100 92% 92% fi2&
K C Southern 2.000 34% 34% 34S
K C Southern pfd.. 3,500 62 (51% 61%
] Total sales. .... .353,100 shares
j CLOSING BONDS.
U S refunding 2s, 'Hocking Val 4%s 110
registered ...I08"4|L & Nash uni 4s.lO.'J •
do coup 108% Mex Cent 4s 83
do 3s reg 10. % do 1st inc 32«
,do coup 107% Minn & St L 4s. 105
Co new 4s reg. .136* |Mo Kan & Tex 4s.l01%
I do coup 13CV4 do 2ds s."i
I do old 4s reg... 110%, X Y Cent lsts. 104*4
: do coup 110% do gen 3%s. ..'.'.108
1 do 5s reg 105% |N J Cent gen 5s. i:;8 r -i
j do coup 105% jNorth Pac 4s 1O4»'.
Atchison gen 4s... 103%| do 3s . . 73i£
• do odj 4s 03%|Norf & W con' 4s' 101%
J Bait & Ohio 4s...lO2%;Reading gen 4s 100
I do 3%s . .• 06 RtL & I M con b'slllO
do conv 4s 107 St L & S F 4s ns
Can South 2ds...lO9 st L SW lsts!!" UHK
! Cent of Ga 5s 10S%; do 2ds «i / *
! do let Inc 63% S A & Ar Pas's'is.' 90
I Ches & Ohio 4%s.lO8V* ISouth Pac 4s 05U
! Chi & Alton 3%s. 84%!South Ry 5s ¦.""i~.%
C B & Q new 4s.. 95% Tex & Pac Ists.'"l21
C M & St P e 4s.llf» Tol St L & W 4, «'«,
C & NW con 7s.. 134 Union Pac 4s "lO6
C R I & Pnc 4s. .111% do conv 4s. . '.'.'. '107*4
CCC& StL g 4s. 104 Wabash lets . 120
I Chi Term 4s 89 do 2ds 11 0V,
• Colo & South 4s.. 94% do deb K " 75S
Den & R G 4s 103% West Shore 4s 114'2
Erie prior lien 4s. 9»*AiWheel & L E 4s 93'2
~ d £, R o n^ B A-;-;'\?I,7 Wlscom!ln Cent is 03»4
Ft W & D C lsts. 114% iCon Tobacco 4s... 60%
! NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
j Adams Con 20!LlttIe Chief \*
\ Alice 45 Ontario 7 nn
Breece SOiOphir 140
! Brunswick Con... JOjPhoenix «(j
I Comstock Tunnel. 0." % : Potosi 2*
Con Cal & Va.... P40|Favage "- 10
•Deadwood Terra.. 1 OOjSicrra Nevada ... *>0
Horn Silver...... 1 30 Small Hopes 40
Iron Silver 73. Standard 3 25
Leadville Con ... 03' ,
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
. Money— >U S Steel pfd 90%
j Call loane &«0 Westlnghse Com. .100
! Time loans 4c5! Mining —
i Bonds — . ' I Adventure ....... 2.1 U
Atchison 4s 102HlAllouez %y
Gen lets 04% Amalgamated 71
1 Mexican Cent 4s.. SI Daly West..: 43
N E Gas & Coke. 54% Bingham ...37
¦ Raiircad* — Calumet & Hecla.5«0
j Atrhlson 80% j Centennial 20
( Atchiscn pfd.;..'. 98%'Copper Range.... CSJi-
LIVERPOOL, May 23. — Wheat quiet; No. J
Standard California. 6s 5%d@6s 6d; wheat in
Paris, quiet; flour in Paris, quiet; French,
country markets, quiet and steady; .weather in
England* cloudy.
LONDON, May 23.— Consols, 96 1-16; silver,"
24d; French rentes, lOlf 7%c Wheat cargoes
on passage, buyers independent of operators;
cargoes No. 1 Standard California. 30s 9d;
cargoes Walla Walla, 30s; English country
markets. Quiet.
Foreign Markets.
TACOMA. May 23. — WHEAT — Nominally un
changed. Blue stem, 66%c; club, 65%c."
PORTLAND, May 23.— WHEAT— Walla
Walla, 66c; blue stem, 67c. .'
WASHINGTON.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON
SEATTLE, May 23.— Clearings) $436,4S2;
balances, J110.950. • ¦.
SPOKANE, May 23.— Clearings, $289,234;
balai<ces. ?66,132. • . '
TACOMA. May 23.— Clearings, $204,133; bal
ances, $29,190. I
PORTLAND, May 23.— Clearings, $393,229;
balances, .§70,919.
Northern Business.
NEW YORK, May 23.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany realized the following prices for California
cherries sold to-day : Black Tartarian,- aver
aged $3 10 per box; Chapmans averaged. $3 75
per box. Weather dry and favorable.
California Fruit Sales.
HOGS— Live Hogs. 200 lbs and under 6&c.
200 lbs and over. CStiUc; feeders, 6@«V 4 c:
sows 20 per cent off. boars 50 per cent off
and stags 40 per cent off frcm the abova auo
tations.. .
Beef 13 coming In more plentifully and. the
feeling Is accordingly' easy. Mutton is still In
moderate supply, but receipts are larger than
they were several weeks ago. There are plenty
of Hogs coming In and prices rule weak,
though there Is no further decline.
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— 6}i@7#c tor Steers and e^S^c per
lb for Cows.
VEAL — Large. 7@8c; small. 8@9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7Vj@Sy a c; Ewes. 7&3
Sc per lb.
LAMB — Spring Lambs, 9@10c per Ib.
PORK— Dressed Hogs. 7»4«O^c per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for good sound
livestock delivered at San. Francisco, lets 50
per cent shrinkage for cattle:
CATTLE— Steers,. 8^«9c: Cows and Heifera.
7@7 1 /^c; thin Cows. 4@5c per lb.
CALVES — 5(@5Uc per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP — Wethers, 4@4V6c; Ewes. 3@3%c ner
lb (gross weight). « *
LAMB3— Suckling Lambs. $2 50<g2 75 per
head or 4^®5c per lb live weight; yearlings 4
@4Vic per lb. - -
San Francisco Meat Market.
pany quotes as follows, per pound, in 100-lt>
bags: Cubes. A, Crushed and Fine Crushed.
4.50c; Powdered. 4.33c; Candy Granulated.
4.35c; Dry Granulated Fine, 4.25c; Dry Granu
lated Coarse. 4.25c: Fruit Granulated. 4.25c;
Beet Granulated (100-lb bags only), none;
Confectioners' A, 4.25c; Magnolia A. 3.83c;
Extra C. 3.75c; Golden C, S.GSc; "D." 3.53c;
barrels, 10c more; half-barrels, 25c more:
boxes. 5Cc more: 50-lb bass. 10c more for all
kinds. Dominos — Half-barrels. 4.75c: boxes.
5c rer Ib. No order taken for less than 75
barrels or its equivalent.
PACIFIC CODFISH— Most descriptions have
again advanced, ns follows: Bundles, per lb.
5'ic: cases, regular. 6c: caws, extra larss.
6Hc; cases. Eastern style, fit^c: Boneless. 7c:
"Norway." 7c; "Narrow Gaug*." 7V>c: "Sil
ver King," Se: blocks. •'Orientals." "c:
Mocks. "Seabright." 7Vic: tablets. 8c; Middles.
"'iSSVic: 5-i D boxes, fancy boneless. O'-ic;
2-1 b boxes, fancy boneless, SigSJicr Desiccated,
per dozen. 90c: Pickled Cod. barrels, each.
$8; Pickled Ccd. half-barrela. each. $3.
Silver continues to creep up. Exchange unchanged.
Pacific Codfish agaian marked up.
Wheat quiet and easy. Barley rather firmer.
Oats, Corn and Rye quiet at prci'ious prices.
Bran higher again. Middlings unchanged. Hay steady.
Nothing new in Beans and Seeds.
Butter and Cheese as before. Eggs a fraction higher.
Dried Fruits quiet and featureless. .
Proz-isions continue dull cirryzvherc. •
Hops in fair demand and steady.
Beef zeeak, Mutton steady and Hogs in ample receipt.
Grain Bags weaker under large supplies.
Potatoes continue to decline.
Onions in large supply. Vegetables about as before.
Not much change in Poultry and Qamc.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits moving off well.
NEW YORK. May 23.— R. G. Dun & Co.'s
weekly review of trade to-morrow will say:
Many mine labor controversies have been
settled, but the situation In the anthracite coal
region has assumed a more serious' aspect.
Railway earnings continue satisfactory, roads
reporting for. two weeks of May show gains of
6.1 per cent over last year and IS. 4 per cent
over 1900.
No change is reported in the iron and steel
situation, former < conditions merely • becoming
intensified by the threatened decrease In sup
plies of fuel and the labor controversies in cer
tain branches of the Industry, t .,
The railroads are seeking; rails, rolling stock
and other equipment,, while contractors require
much structural material. ' ¦
Slight concessions are now obtainable In
some lines of footwear, although the market
as a rule is fairly steady, but dull. Leather is
firmly held, while domestic packer hides again
made definite gains. .,
Quiet conditions have prevailed in the cereal
markets, with only a moderate volume of op
tion transactions and fractional changes in
quotations. Exports of wheat, including flour,
were only 3 p $63,fJCS bushels during the past
week, against 5.523,130 bushels ,in the corre
sponding week last year.
Failures for the week numbered 192 in the
United States against 180 last year and 12 in
Canada against 22 last year.
American were featureless. New York sold
hardly at the opening, but the street Inquired
for Atchison and Canadian Pacific.
Rio Tintos were active, unchanged, but cop
per interests were sellers.
Silver is firm on Eastern covering of forward
sales.
New South Wales offers a £3,000,000 3 p«r
cent loan at 94 '.4.
NEW YORK, May 23. — The Commericlal Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:.
Early peace is now regarded as a certainty,
as a result of which the markets were buoy
ant to-day. There was a large business in
Kaffirs, which were liberally supported by
house& v/ith South African connections and by
Paris. The British public Is only nibbling.
Business in outside mines was small. Consuls
touched at 96.
London Market.
¥7ons for money.96 1-16 Mo, Kans & T... 20*'.
Cons for account. 96 Mo, K & T pfd.. 60 "
Anaconda : CV& N Y Central lOOVj
Atchison 82^ Norfolk & West.. 68H,
Atchison pfd .100*4 Nor & West pfd. 92
Bait & Ohio 10994 Ontario & West.. 3H;i
Canadian Pacific. 137 Southern* Ry 38^
Ches & Ohio 47% So Railway pfd.. 97^1
Chgo G Western.. 30^ Southern Pacific 06Vi
C-hgo, M & S P. .175 Union. Pacific 107V 3
Denver & R Gr.. 43H Union Pac pfd.... 00 •
Den & K G pfd.. 02% U S Steel 41&
kr'e 38 US Steel pfd.... 92%
trie 1st pfd 69% Wabash 27
Erie 2d pfd 54 Wabash' pfd \ . 45
Illinois Central... 166% Spanish 4s . .. 78
Louis & Nash 142
Bar silver, dull, 24d per ounce.
Money. 2>/i@3 per cent.
The rate of discount in the open market for
short bills is 2% per cent.
The rate of discount in the open market for
three-months' bills Is 2% per cent.
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS
Boston & Albany.261 Dominion Coal... 134 &
Boston & Maine.. 198 Franklin 11
* )s '°n T Elevated. 1«3 Isle Royale 12}l
£,. Y - N H & H..233 Mohawk .....;.. 49
f.' tc i lbu j? ? fd 145 Old Dominion 21%
Lnion Pacific... lOSVi Osceola 62
Me *. can Centra!.. 27^ Parrot 31%
Miscellaneous — Quincy ..... .130
American Sugar.. 128% Santa Fe Copper.. 2Vi
Am Sugar pfd...H8 Tamarack 170
Am Tel & Tel. ...178 Trinity . 13%
Dom Iron & Steel. 54 United States.... 20%
general Electric. 314 Utah 22X1
«P S EWictric 44 Victoria 4 V*
Mk « s . Elec pfd.... 96H Wlnona 3Vi
N E Gas & Coke. 4 Wolverine 65H
USE IU 107 United Copper 3G}i
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS
BUTTER — Creamery, . 20c per pound for
fancy. 19c for firsts and 17@18c for sec
onds; dairy. lG@18y a c; store Butter. 14@lCc
per pound.
CHEESE-^New. 8%@9%c: old. 0@llc: Young
America. 8iS10c; Eastern, 13@15c per pound.
: EGGS— Ranch, 18%@19c for fancy and 1C@
18c for fair to good; store, 15@16V, C per
dozen.
, Tha, Dairy Exchange yesterday definitely
established the new grading of Eggs, and here
after the finest ranch must "weigh 25 ounces
per dozen, o.r they will not pass as firsts. This
is irrespective of color, though it Is understood
that white Eggs will- be given the preference
over brown, as heretofore. The medium and
lower grades will be sold regardless of weight.
The N new grading of the Exchange, and the
quotations as fixed yesterday, run ias follows:
Selected large ranch, 19c: standard ranch.
!7c: gathered Eggs, 15%@16c. :
The Egg market is now in pretty fair shape.
Stocks, while still large, are not excessive, and
the market for all descriptions is steady. There
are some Alaska orders being filled, and some
storing is still reported. At the same time,
some sales of Eastern for this market have
beeen made, during the past day or so, and
they will soon be on the way here.
Receipts were 63,200 . pounds and 1 keg arid
261 tubs of Butter, 1212 cases of Eggs.
cases of Eastern Eggs, 13,400 pounds of Cali
fornia ' Cheese j and pounds of Oregon
Cheese.
There is nothing new in Cheese.
The Butter market remains about as before.
Packing and a few scattering Alaska orders
keep stocks . down to a manageable point and
the- feeling is steady. 1 Dairies are selling rela
tively "better "than creameries.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
There is nothing new under this head. Re
ceipts are sufficient for all requirements and
the market Is cleaning up well. No more
Eastern Poultry came In.
POULTRY — Live Turkeys. 13@14c for Gob
blers a\id 14@15c for Hens; Geese, per pale
$1 25@1 50; Goslings, $1 50@l 75: Ducks, $4@4 50
for old and $4 50@6 for young: Hens. *4@5;
young Roosters. *i> 50®8; old Roosters. $4 '_»5@
4 50; Fryers. $3 50@4 50; Broilers. $3@3 50 for
large and $1 00@2 50 for small; Pigeons, $ 1 75
®2 per dozen for old and $1 50@l 75 for Squabs.
GAME— Hare, $1 25; Rabbits. 51 50 for Cot
tontails and $1 for Brush.
Poultry and. Game.
ST. JOSEPH. Mo.. May 2-1.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts. 350 natives. Market steady. " Natives,
S3 50@7-50; cows and heifers. $1 60@6; veals,"
$3 6C@6 25:- stockers and feeders, $2 25@5 35.
HOGS— Receipts, (5100. Market steady. Light
and light mixed. $6 95@7 22%; medium and
heavy. $7 15@7 40; pigs. . $4@6. • V - ¦-$ •
SHEEP— Receipts, 400. , v Market steady.
Spring lambs. $7 50.' . "... >
ST. JOSEPH
CHICAGO, May 23.— CATTLE— Receipts,
2500. including 200 Texans. Market steady.
Good to prime steera.'$7(g>7 §5 ; poor to medium,
$5<ge*75: stockers and feeders, $2 75@5 25:
cowb. $1 5O@(5; heifers, $2 50@6 25; canners,
$1 50@2 50; bulls. $2 50@5 50; calves. $2@7;
Texas fed steers. $5 10@6 S5. '¦".¦
HOGS— Receipts to-day. 23.000; to-morrow,
13,000; left over, 8000. Market lor choice,
steady to 5o higher. Others weak. Mixed and
butchers, $6 90@7 30; good to choice heavy,
$7 25@7 40; rough heavy, $t5 90@7 20; light,
$3 70@7: bulk. $6 95@7 35.
SHEEP— Receipts. 7000. Lambs steady to
lower. Good to choice wethers. $5 50<gtf 20;
fair to choic? mixed. $4 75@5 60; "Western
sheep. $5 75@6 25; /-native lambs, $5@t5 90;
Western lambs, $5 25<S(> 90. . .
CHICAGO.
Eastern Livestock Market.
at the wool auction- sales to-day. " Medium
and coarse grades were again firm. . A large
supply of .New Zealand was well taken, chiefly
by the home trade. Several good lots of Mew
Zealand were taken by America. Merinos sold
at the highest rates of the series, some parcels
Kolnsr to America. "•'*»¦,
ports. -Hog products generally are rather easy,
iard being lower and butter also off. Copper
displays aggressive' strength. Raw." sugar is
silently weaker. • ¦ ¦ '." ¦
Business failures for the week number 152.
as against 100 last week, 102 in this week last
year. 167 in 1000 and 15S in 1S90.. . .
Failures In Canada number 1 17, as against
22 last week and 24 a year aco. •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 24, 1902.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL
Vim's Review of Trade.
New York Grain and Produce.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Chicago Grain and Produce.
Bank Clearings.
FAMILY RETAIL MARKET.
Bradstreet's on Trade.
NEW YORK, May 23.— Bradstreet's to-mcr
row will say: With almost uniformly «Jd
wheat, corn and oats and cotton crop reports
retail demand caused by warmer weather »
full volume of recorded business for thl« «'-..
eon . of the year, good collections and heav J
railroad earnings, the only cloud on the «ifT,n
tlon would seem to be the continued unrJ t'f
labor and the Idleness of large nunK o?
Industrial workers as a result thereof
Telegrams to Bradstreet',, Indicate 'that the
greatly increased area devoted to corn anV?
oats is receiving adequate moisture at a tiir*
when greatly needed. The winter wheat emu
In the Southwest la practically made.
Structural mills are crowded with orders and
the bar and plate mills have all they can do
Sheet and tin Plate mills, alone are able to
promise early deliveries.
Wheat Is slightly lower on good crop re-
13
75c per dozen fdr small and $1@1 25 for large:
Garlic, 2@3c; Los Angelas Green Peppers,
12&C; Mexican do, 15fc20c: : Egg Plant, frcm
Los Angeles. 0@10c; Summer Squash, from Los
Angeles $1@1 25, from Marysvllle 75ctf $1 :
Marrowfat Squash, $15<g20 per tori: Hubbard
Squash. ?15<g20.
STATIONS
c
3
a
= = = 3
IN I
i-. 5 s "
c. c
• . O no ¦»*
! : = 5 c
• O 1 £
• •» • c
. . 3
Am
Ba
Cat
ru
Ft*
..30
.23
.29
...30
-.29
).:2
1.94
>.SS
).0S
4S 4S
04 4S
5* 52
8" 4>>
n^v- pt nay o.oo
KE Clear 0.0*
N\V Pt CMjr 0.<»
N Clear 0.U0
N\V Clear 0.f>0
agrtaff
•catcllo. Ii'a
¦..tat.
20
t.S2
t.6S
<J4 .SO
et -42
71 4<i -
08 44
S*%V C!*»ar 0.00
SW" Pt CUy 0.01
FU Cioar O.t-0
%V Clear 0.(»0
)'.TS
S<! 04
XW Clear 0.00
C2 52
SO B2 ;
N Clear 0.00
SW Clear O.Oo
I.O*
NE Clear 0.00
o.:i0.
t.02
i.O2
74 4S
•'•» 4'-
74 3'» :
K Clear 0.00
N'ff Cloudy T.
S Clear O.OO
K 1
I ea
t>
Tui
U OMspo. .
n Diejo.
attic
okar.e
¦ah Hay
alia Walla,
tnnfaiucca..
ima
>.00
1.92
.12
92
.12
1.90
l.i>8
'.HO
70 40 '
64 M
GO SO :
us r.o .!
:», 42 •
7d r.2
G4 44
80 5«
\V Clear 0.00
N\V Clear 0.00
S Pt Cldy 0.0C
SW Pt Cldy 0.08
\V ClouUy 0.00
W Clear O.W
NW Cloudy 0.00
N\V Clear 0.00
STATIONS
c
3
a
= = = 3
IN I
i-. 5 s "
c. c
• . O no ¦»*
! : = 5 c
• O 1 £
• •» • c
. . 3
Am
Ba
Cat
ru
Ft*
..30
.23
.29
...30
-.29
).:2
1.94
>.SS
).0S
4S 4S
04 4S
5* 52
8" 4>>
n^v- pt nay o.oo
KE Clear 0.0*
N\V Pt CMjr 0.<»
N Clear 0.U0
N\V Clear 0.f>0
agrtaff
•catcllo. Ii'a
¦..tat.
20
t.S2
t.6S
<J4 .SO
et -42
71 4<i -
08 44
S*%V C!*»ar 0.00
SW" Pt CUy 0.01
FU Cioar O.t-0
%V Clear 0.(»0
)'.TS
S<! 04
XW Clear 0.00
C2 52
SO B2 ;
N Clear 0.00
SW Clear O.Oo
I.O*
NE Clear 0.00
o.:i0.
t.02
i.O2
74 4S
•'•» 4'-
74 3'» :
K Clear 0.00
N'ff Cloudy T.
S Clear O.OO
K 1
I ea
t>
Tui
U OMspo. .
n Diejo.
attic
okar.e
¦ah Hay
alia Walla,
tnnfaiucca..
ima
>.00
1.92
.12
92
.12
1.90
l.i>8
'.HO
70 40 '
64 M
GO SO :
us r.o .!
:», 42 •
7d r.2
G4 44
80 5«
\V Clear 0.00
N\V Clear 0.00
S Pt Cldy 0.0C
SW Pt Cldy 0.08
\V ClouUy 0.00
W Clear O.W
NW Cloudy 0.00
N\V Clear 0.00
jAUGTION SALES
AUCTION SALE.
fc* 5|l
NEXT TUESDAY,
{ May 27th, at 11 a.m.,
1 Will Sell
FORTY FINE HORSES,
Weighing from 1000 to 1300, sired by Almonl-
tlon 2:24 ! /«, Bay Rose 2:20^i. Beau Brumnul
2:16V» and Alonz.i Hayward 2:30. out of cholca
Trotting Mares. .-They were bred at the Alisal
and San Marcos ranches, Santa Barbara, and
include many fine drivers, as well as well-
matched teams. All of these were raised In ttis
mountains and have the best of constitutions.
Just the kind that will not wear out. Send for
catalogue.
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE.
WM. G. LAYNO. Auctioneer. 246 Third St.THE SAN FEANGISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 24, 1902.
14
HELP WANTED— M ALE.
BOX nailers; Jobbing blacksmith, $2 day and
board; ranch blacksmith, $40 and found; car-
riage painter: harness maker; 2 shoemakers,
$2 day; cabinet maker, $3 day; 6 carpenters,
$3 50 day; waston and carriage smith, $3 to
$3 f>0 day; ratchet setter -for small mill:
blacksmith helper, $2 day; donkey man. spool
tender, lumber pliers and others. J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramentp st.
5 COAL miners. $2 50 to $2 75 day; 20 team-
sters, 2- 25 day and 10 laborers, same place,
$2. day. free fare; 40 laborers, near city, $2
day, fare -paid; 75 laborers for mill and
woods, quarries and mines.
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
FARMER and wife, $40; milker and wife, $45;
farmers, ?25 and $30 month and $1 50 day:
6 milkers', ?30, ?32 50 and $35 and found;
milk wagon driver, $35 and found:
buggy washer,' ?50; office boy and assistant
clerk, ?25; boys' for factory, 75c to $1 day,
and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 623
Sacramento st. ¦
I 2 HOTEL cooks, $40 and $50; restaurant cooks,
$45 and $70; boarding house cook, $40; night
cook for laborers! $40; 2 hotel waiters, $30
and ?25; dishwashers, vegetable men and
others.. J. F.' CROSETT & CO.,' 628 Sacra-
mento 8t. , " _ '
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY, 638 Clay.
Phone Main 1191.
' 400 teamsters, concrete men, rock / men,
steam shovel dumpers.. $2 25 to $2 60 per day
. - FREE FARE. .
To all parts of Nevada and Salt Lake divis-
ion, r - • ¦ .
Shin direct; fee $1.
, 200 railroad men, S. P. Co. and Santa Fe;
30 boys to learn trades, $4 to $9 per week;
6 car builders..... ...... .........15 per day
» 5 cabinetmakers .'$3 per day
4 shoemakers, country..... ..§2 per day
7 laborers, mine...." ".. • • .$2,per day
6 ear men, north -*2 per day
3 miners, south .$2 50 per day
25 quarrymen . .$2 per day
' 1 butcher, country. .$12 per week
1 waiter, country restaurant .......$30
Cooks, waiters, etc.. city $10 to $45
5 tie swampers, Mendocino Co $35 and fd:
'1 tie sleder. Mendocino Co...; $40 and found
10 tiemakers, Mendocino Co. '..Ton price
, 16 farm hands. :. .:...:...: .$1 25 and found
4 boys' for drugstore...... $5 week
: 1 apprentice boy for optician. '.
1 milker, country. ........ .7. .$30 and found
Many other positions; call and see pur. bul-
letins; assistant treasurer theatrical com-
pany, ?20 per week and 'found. . . < -
AT THE CAL: EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
- 50 3rd St.. near Call bldsf.; phone Bush 405.
' Teams. ..Teamsters and laborers for railroad
: Office fee $1
...... .All points in Nevada and Utah.
Salt Lake Division ... .
. ' Free fare '• • Free fare
300 teamsters ......... $2 25 and $2 50 per day
200 laborers . . ."; . . .". .$2 25 per day
250 rockmen. :.'...... . .' '. . . ..$2 25 per day
150 concrete men.... ....... $2 25 per day
¦ : Free fare... Of flee fee $1..: No other expense
2 head setters.;...'......!... $3 per day
,10 lumber pliers... $39 pe.r month .and board
4 woodsmen. ....,;. .$40 per month and board
- 10 men to grade on skid road.. $35 mo. & bd.:
fi men to load shingle bolts. .$40 mo. & board
5 carpenters ....'..:.. .$4 por day,. fare paid
' 5- carpenter helpers.'.^ . ...... .'. .'.$2 per day
5 ranch hands and haymakers. .$1 25 day & bd
Man to milk 18 cows.. $30 per month & board
2 hay hands. ........... ..$30. bed and board
.CALIFORNIA EMP. AGENCY. 59 .Third St.
A- ..¦..¦¦:. ¦¦•...¦¦v..;-... ..:...¦¦¦¦¦¦¦•.<:.-.•.-.,. .'..
' At C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. 429 Bush St.,
. between Kearny and Grant ave. : .'<¦
2000 railroad men . . . : $2 and $2 25
2 camp blacksmiths. ..................... .$3
. Foreman for steam shovel Bang. ............
Free fare............ ......For Nevada
For Nevada. .Free fare
'500. tunnelmen..... *.'..' $2 to $3 a day
For Chatsworth Park. ... . . . .Ship to-day.
Free fare....'. ..".'.Free fare... .....Free, fare
C. R. HANSEN & CO. ........ .429 Bush st.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
COTTAGE, six rooms; 9 Ewer place., oft
Mason, between Clay and Sacramento.' Ap-
ply 10 Ewer place.
FILBERT, 1221— Rent $18; 7 rooms and bath;
large sunny yard; water free.
HOUSES TO LET— -FURNISHED.
ONE year or longer — Fine residence, 12 rooms,
bath, etc.; completely furnished; will sell at a
sacrifice; large garden; pleasant surround-
ings; reasonable to responsible parties; Mis-
sion warm belt. 129 Liberty st., near Twen-
ty-flrst.
FURNISHED house, 7 rooms and bath. Park
Panhandle. Apply MADISON & BURKE. 30
Montgomery st.
FURNISHED house to rent for months June
and July; piano and telephone; rent reason-
able to responsible parties. 2526 Washington.
PAGE, 443 — Sunny furnished house, 9 rooms;
piano, large yard, excellent neighborhood.
HOUSES WANTED.
WANTED — Suitable tenant for a nicely fur-
nished house of eight room? for six months.
Inquire 2824 Pino St., at premises.
WANTED — Furnished house or cottage, 6 to 8
rooms, overlooking a park; good location. Ad-
dress box 447. Call office. -
HOUSES TO LET COUNTRY.
MLNLO (Fair Oaks) — New cottage, 7 rooms,
bath; furnished.' A. R. HARRISON. 78 Geary.
INVESTMENTS.
RICH mihingi claim at Nome; too good to
miss; terms very reasonable. The Investors'
.Agency, 137 Montgomery st., S. >F.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST— Irish setter pup. Finder will please re-
tuin same to 423 Front st. and- receive re-
ward.
LOST — Thursday eve., May 22, on last Castro
st. car,' from 4th and Market to 15th and
Sanchez, mink boa; reward. 824, Fclsom st.
LOST — Collection book, between Folsom' and
Harrison, 9th and 10th. Please return to
Monltcr office, room 37, Flood bldg.
LOST— On Fourth St.. set of blue print draw-
lngv of church. Return to S14 Clunie build-
ing for reward.
LOST — A fur boa. near Post and Polk sts.;
reward. 2826 Golden Gate ave.
LOST — May 4, 2 butcher account books. Re-
turn A: B. Tread well, 533 Kearny; reward.
LOST — 2 English setter puppies, white and
lemon; reward. 1510 Masonic ave. '
IT will pay to "Remember" that the California
Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter st.. needs old gold
and silver to make new watch cases.
' \ MATTRESSES ASP PILLOWS.
TO order: also cleaned and sterilized; uphol-
stery: Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE EROS.. 411 to 415 Powell
St.; tel. Bush 421.
Brass, Iron beds: mattresses: pillows: window
shades. J. F. Hotter. 721 Mission: tel. Main 730.
• -. MEDICAL. '.,..,*-,., r .
A — DR. O'DOXXELL. world-renowned special-
ist. — Ladles, all who are sick or in trouble,
consult the specialist on female complaints;
menstrual female complaints positively cor-
rected: the unfortunate helped; relief In all
esses takeff; the most difficult cases treated;
have relieved thousands of most obstinata
cases; free, confidential advice on all subects
of a delicate nature. DR. G. W. O'DON-
NELL. office & residence. 1018 Mkt.. op, 5th.
MRS. D. KOHL— Well-known, reliable ladles'
specialist; instant relief guaranteed; home In
confinement ; hours 9 to 5 and 7 to 8.
lOCSVi Market st., opp. 5th and nr. Powell.
MRS. D. WYETH— Well-known ladles' special.
1st; 30 years' experience; private home In
confinement. Moved to 72S Post St., nr. Jones.
MRS. SWEET. 600 Guerrero, nr. 18th ft., a
" graduate- of Royal University, -Berlin, has 25
years', experience in midwifery cas<?s; all who
arc sick or in trouble consult me before goin^
clst-where: takes ladies before and during con.
flncment; best motherly care; infants adopted;
I confinements, $15: room ft board $5 week;
.2 to help for room and board. Tel. Blue 411.
MRS. DR. GOODWIN, ladles' reliable speclal-
lst; maternity hospital; home for Infants free;
j fee low. ' 906 Market St., opp. Emporium.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable ladles'
specialist; a private home before and during
. confinement; best medical care: low fees.
LADIES — Kumrond Is safe & sure; never fails;
; price $2.' Gleason's drug store, Clay & Kenrny.
DR. ROSEN. 1007% Market st.. near Sixth.
treats ladies only; relief In all cases taken.
LADIES — "Neverfale." Pasteur's celebrated
regulator. $2. Pasteur Med. Co.. 8 Flood bldg.
DR. AXD MRS. DA VIES and HINDOHERB
original method of treatment. 1126 Market.
DR. NG TOY KEE. 210 Stockton St.. opposite
Union Square: all diseases cured by herbs.
MISCELLANEOUS— FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machlneryl~iicix^
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 105-197 Fremont »t.
A— BUYS, seMs or rents gear, machinery, ea-
¦ , glnes, boilers, water-pipes, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st.
BAR fixtures: big stock; installments; billiard
• and pool tables: easy. terms or rented. The
• Brunswick-Balke-Collender . Co.. 652 Mission.
SEALSKIN, highest grade." same as new cost
$250. will sell-Jf taken at once for $100 cash;
bust 38. Box 172S. Call of nee.
NEW and 2d-hand boilers, engines, dynamos.
• motors, pumps, wood and . Iron ' working mi-
: chlnery. H. S. WHITE. 130 Beale st.
LOTS of hard old bricks on hill; Waller anJ
. Buchanan; $5 60 per M.
BARGAIN— 2 good bicycles, high gear: also
rooming-house. 6 rms.. allyented. 874 Howard.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters (all
makes). ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montg'y.
EXGINES. boilers, lathes, planers, second-hand
machinery. J. BURKE. 139 Beala- st.
BOATS. launches. ' rowboats carried In stock.
BAKER & HAMILTON. . / . .'
Edison phonographs, records, supplies, moving;
picture machines,' films. Baclgalupl, 933 Mkt.
GASOLINE encrlnes, all sizes, new and 2d-hand
• and launches. , J. E. DOAK. 40 Fremont st.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.; 417-423 Sacramento st.
FOR second-hand machinery.engines and boilers
'.so to D.J.McMasters,SE.cor.2nd & Brannan.
WANTED — Wagon blacksmith and helper. 537
Brannan st. "*..-¦¦
FIRST-CLASS barkeeper wanted. Apply at 16
Post st. ...... - .- •._'.. '
SHOWCASE maker wanted at 20S Sutter st. ;
top floor. ' ... ...
A GARDENER to take charge of garden- and
grounds at Belvedere. | Box 438, Call office. .
BARBERS — 2-chair shop, and fixtures; $150;
¦ established 5 years. 252 Ellis st: v- ....-•;;.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
. 'prlce.'^ 563 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED— Boy > of 1C or 17 years, residing
with parents. -Box 1745, Call office. .
WANTED— Young men ' to learn barber . trade.
.' : S. F. Barber College. 741A Howard st.
2000 PAIRS of new and second-hand shoes for
, sale cheap. , McDONALP & PERRY. 241 3d.
PENSION atty.. E. A. Bull Is. room 40, Phelan
big/ Past Com. ( Geo. ¦ H. Thomas Post. '. G. A.R.
600 MEN to buy. new and 2d-hand army, shoes,
; 50c up; soling 20c up/923 Howard St.. nr. H 5th. '
EDUCATIONAL. ,
H^ALiyT^CHOOL OF ELECTRICAL ENGI-
NEERING — Theory,' demonstration, construc-
tion, laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
practical; day and night. 24 Post fit.. S. F.;
catalogue free. ¦ ' ' -
A— IF Gregg stenographers are not fast writers,
how do they all get positions and hold thsm?
34 positions in March. 32 in April; Ellis book-
keeping makes real bookkeepers. S. F. BusK!
ness College. 1236 Market st. ,- ;,
GALLAGHER-MARSH BUSINESS COLLEGE
conducted by experts; best combined short-
hand and commercial course to be had any-
where: Indorsed by official court reporters.
13S2 Market st.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES. 24 POST ST ,
S. F. — Thorough courses; complete equipment,
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering: day and night; catalogue free. .
A — THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges: references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
Address Ayers' Business College, 723 Market
st. for their new catalogue; it is free and me
nicest in the State. Life scholarship $50.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec. mining, meeh. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve.; est. 1804. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall. I
ACCOUNTING— Most thorough course on coast;
beginners and college graduates perfected.
TARR. expert accountant. 219 Parrott bldg.
GOLDEN Gate Com'l College, 530 Golden Gate
ave S F. — Spring, summer term shorthand,
bookkpg.. penmanship; posifn when qualified.
CALIFORNIA Business College; most thorough
modern methods: positions for all graduates;
new 60-page catalogue free. 305 Larkin gt.
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallet School:
associated with theatrical agency securing po-
sitions. Alcazar building. 120 O'Farrell st.
VIOLIN, guitar, mandolin, banjo taught in
class. $1 mo. 426 O'Farrell; phone Pine 43J.
Chicago Business College. 1435 Market, nr. 10th;
Plttman shorthand, typing.- bookkeepg : $6 mo.
Harpist, only teacher West, desires pupils. Mme.
Carusi. Hallet School Acting. 120 O'Farrell st.
GIVEN free; mandolin, violin, guitar or banjo,
by taking 20 lessons, 50c lesson. 1484 Market.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. ; day or eve. : $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
SHORTHAND taught by mall or personally.
MISS M. G. BARRETT. 302 Montgomery st.
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof. MERKir good
teacher. 1008 Mission; Instruments selected.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post St.. S. F::
founded 1S63: new 80-page catalogue free.
EMPLOYMENT OJj^PICJj, 8 ;
ol?pilEul^Emp7o7nienT6fflce — Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell.nr.Sutter;tel. Black 50i2.
Grand Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office. 415 Stock-
ton; tel. Grant 16S; expert, reliable help. •
CHIXESE and Japanese Employment Office —
Best help. 411% O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office— Furnish roost
reliable help. 624 Bush st.; tel. Bush 516.
JAP reliable housecleanlng. cooks, waiters on
short notice. 1293 Page; tel. Fell 8501.
CHINESE and Japanese help: estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO., 640 Clay.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 5183.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— FEMALE.
A SWEDISH lady wishes position as working
housekeeper; city or country; best of refer-
ences. Box 427. Call office.
LADY would like plain washing and barbers'
washing to do at home. Address MRS. MAR-
TIN, 304 Third gt.
STYLISH dressmaker, good cutter and fitter;
fit guaranteed; $1 75; quick worker. Box
D, 1941 Mission st.
LAUNDRESS wants to work by day. 743 Fol-
som St., upstairs; no postals.
GOOD cook wants situation; will do housework.
843 Franklin St., Oakland. Tel. Red 2433.
AX elderly lady, American, would like a place
in the country to help in a family; $10 a
month; sood home. Address E. C, 1021
Howard at. t . ¦
LADY German cook and man. second cook,
want places; English. German, French and
Hungarian and pastry; first-class hotel; ref-
erences. 242 Xatoma St., basement.
A GIRL, age 15, wishes a place to do light
housework; no children; sleep home. Call
or arldrees 1122 De Haro st.
SPAXISH Castile woman, first-class cook,
wishes situation; city, $35; ¦' country, $40.
Please call 1005 Polk st.
GERMAX girl. Just over, desires position as
. cook or general housework: no washing. < Call
22S Linden ave., between the hours of 9 and 5.
JAPAXESE girl wants situation to do cooking
and housework. TAKA. 1724 Fillmore st.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms: 25c to $1 60 per night: $1 50
to $0 week; convenient and respectable; fre«
bus and baggage to and from ferry.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 639 McAllister st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at . 1000
Valencia 'st. ¦ ¦
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALE.
YOUNG married couple want job taking care
of 5 or 10 acre fruit ranch; best city and
country references. Box 413, Call. j
MAX and wife want a place; man as cook and
wife as help in a camp; good .references.
237 Miivna sC. room 10.
EXPERIENCED young man wishes position as
bartender: city or country; Al references.
Box 454. Call.
FARMER and wife want positions of trust on'
ranch: thorough fruit man; good references.
I Box 407. Call office. ¦ ¦
PRACTICAL electrician, thoroughly up to
date in all methods of wiring and operating
alternating and direct current,- mining and
trar^mission plants; Eastern and Western
experience; best of references furnished; will
go anywhere. Box 451, Call. !
SITUATION wanted by expert mechanical
draughtsman; 20 yrs.' experience in the East;
designing, building & perfecting machinery;
in or out of city. R. M., box 828, Call office.
COACHMAN and gardener, by ¦ sober, trust-
worthy man: can milk; good references. Box
4280. Call office. Oakland.
WANTED — Position in office by trustworthy
man of good education; can work typewriter;
understands bookkeeping: good at figures;
moderate wages. Box 458. Call office.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. ¦
FINANCIAL.
COMPAXIES incorporated and financed v stock
and bond issues guaranteed, underwritten and
sold: stock accepted for. services. Send for
Pacific States Investor. PACIFIC STATES
MIXIXG AND IXVESTMENT CO., 326 Post.
';'¦ JFLATS TO LET. _ _ _¦'; _ ¦_
BEAUTIFUL now flat, 6 rooms; gas & electric
lighted; modern: Mission warm holt. ¦. Noe A
Elizabeth *tF. Mist-ion and 24th-st. cars pass.
$35— UPPER sunny corner flat 0 rcoms and
bath. 218 Van Ness ave.
FRANKLIN, 202 — Clean - sunny flat, 5 rooms
and bath. .
SUNNY flat. 4 rooms: furnished or unfurnished.
2829 Waahlngton Et. "
FLATS TO LET— FURNISHED.
FLAT, 1104 Eddy st. — Furniture, carpets, etc.,
for sale at a sacrifice' on account pf depart-
ure; call 9 to U:30a. m. ;
BEAUTIFULLY furnished sunny 7-room ; flat;
piano; garden. 2833 Washington st. - \" 5r:
GOLDEN GATE 1517 — 4 rms. ; bath; gas range;
garden; $25; lower flat. 2 rms.. $12 50; 1 to 4.
FLATS FOR SALE — FURNISHED.
VALENCIA, 715, between Eighteenth and Nine-
teenth—Sunny ft-room • flat, comfortably fur-
nished for small family.-
FURNISHED flat of 5 sunny rooms and bath';
. rent low; north Market. Box 442. Call office.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
ELEGANT furniture, 8-room modern . flat,
Ellis st, bet. Franklin and Gough; cost
$1400; must be sold Tuesday; : one : making
highest offer will get it. B6x 408, Call.
THE new and' up-to-date furniture and carpets
of an 8-room- modern sunny flat hear Van
Ness ave., on Eddy st... Box 904, Call. .
4 ROOMS furnished in oak. $4S no. with Xo. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-11.">1 Market.
FURNITURE of 4 rooms in 7-room flat; cheap;
no dealers. Box 412. Call. ' , ¦
FURNITURE of modern 6-room flat; new; rent
$2S. 1261 Mission st. ¦. /
" FURNITURE "WANTED.
BIG price paid for furniture for 60 days: special
¦ reasons. 8. J. WAUGH. r. 415. Examiner big.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission st..' pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1334.
; fiLOVES. ".'.-:'.¦ '
TRY 5 Danicheff One Dollar Glove; you will
' never wear others; warranted. • 121 Grant ave.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 940
Market St.; teL Main 1644. Branch 18 Third.
MUNICIPAL Loan Office. 103 Grant avs.. new
Geary St.: phone Red 1603.
ON real estate. 1st or 2d mortgages and on fur-
niture or pianos: no removal; any amounts
lowest rates. BECKER. 36 Geary St.. room 38.
$10 TO $100 loaned salaried people without se-
curity; quietly quickly, confidentially; low««t
rates; easy payments. Drake. 453 Parrott big.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos; no removal;
lowest rate; private, confidential. ORMSBT.
26 Montgomery St.. room 7. opp. Lick Hous«.
A PRIVATE party loans any amount on furni-
ture pianos; no removal: low rates: confiden-
tial. WHITEHEAD (Wilson's). 1710 Market.
6. F. DISCOUNT AGENCY — Loans to salaried
, people on their note.
THE TOUSLEY CO '¦ 143 Phelan bldy.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; money quick;
lowest interest: easy terms; no brokerag«:
reliable party. 1170 Market St.. room 68.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc., by prtvat*
party; no removal: no commission; confiden-
tial. - Room, 3, Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
ELFVING. 616 Examiner big. ; loans on piano*,
furniture, etc., at 2 per cent without removal;
no brokerage charged; confidential; open eve*.
PRIVATE party loans $10 up on pianos, furn.,
without removal; conflden. 935 Market, r. X.
ON furniture, pianos: lowest rate; no removal;
strictly private. E.W.LICK. 116 McAllister st.
3% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no remova?.
Phone Black 1700. room 81. 6 Eddy, floor 4 1
Mcney loaned salaried people wltfiout security.
HILL. r. 44. Merchants' Exc. 431 California.
ONE per cent on furniture; $5 a month on eacli
$1000: «ny security. 302 Montgomery St.. r. u
CASH loaned salaried people on note without
Indorscr. MORRELL. 609 Examiner bldg.
LOANS money on salary; no • nd °"« r: ern
plan. Wprtem Lonn Co.. 300 Phelan bldg.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
basement 40x90. Inquire 143 First »t.
BUILDINGlo let: suitable for , store or offices.
No °05 Post st., near Grant ave. DAVID-
PON & LEIGH. 210 Montgomery st. _
P "pROFESSOR STERLING, the famous palm-
ist is here- have your hands read; charges ar«
50c and SI; office is at 120 8th St.; office hours
are 10 a. m. to » P- "».. daily and Sundays.
MME. G. L. NEERGAARD reads 1 to 4. 700
Post st., corner of Jones: phone Polk 837.
H JEROME FOSELH.- scientific palmist. 515
Taylor St.. bet. Geary and Pnst:tel. Black 561.
PARTNERS WANTED.
PARTXER to assist in well-paying, well-estab-
lished l&ht manufacturing business; good
opportunity for an. earnest, energetic man;
no humbug: can see for yourself; short hours:
cash -business; pays well. Call at 1207 Fol-
som st-. from ID a. m. to 1 p. m.. Sunday,
for particulars.
PHYSICIANS AND SfRGEOXS.
RUPTURE and piles cured; no pay until cured:
no operation: no detention frcm business: ail
private diseases treated successfully; consul-
tation free. Dm. Forden &• Pcrterfleld.. 6 Turk.
CATARACT3 car*! "by absorption and reotil
tllxeaseg without operation. DR. . BALT..
107:'.'^ Market ft.. S. F.
DR C. C O'DONNELL— Office and residence.
1021H Market at., bet. Sixth and Seventh.
STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES.
MERCE^ODOLPH Storage & Moving Co . of-
fice Post and Powell sts.; tel. Priv. Ex. 571.
GOLDEN WEST Storage: advances made. S10
Mission st.: ttel. Howard 941. F. W. Zehruss.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 630 Market st. ;
.. tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
' p»ny. 2320 Fillmore st. ; phone Jackson 2U-
WAXTED— Waitress at 1007 Market st.
WAXTED— Saleslady. Apply . b'etween 8 and
11 a. m. at HALE BEOS.'
YOUNG girl for plain cooking and general
housework; small wash; must be neat; ref-
erences required. Apply mornings 1709 Ba-
ker St.. near California. ¦ - ' ¦ ,
Hairdressing. manicuring, massage. . bleaching,
dyeing, halnvork; splendid position in stores
and with private customers, $50 to $75 mo.;z
* weeks $5; day, ev. classes. 1236 Market, r. 94.
WANTED— 2 first-claf« Ironers, $30 per mo.
and board and Iodglnar. Address JOHN LA
FARGUE. San Rafael. Cal. '
ACTIVE young girl In restaurant,' to carry
dishes, with a chance /to learn waiting at
table. $20 per month. 725 Market st. >
WANTED — Girl or woman to assist in house-
work; willing to stay in country during sum-
mer; steady place. 1649 i'estst.
WANTED— Two apprentices Jo learn dress-
maklng. 84S McAllister st.
GIRI for general housework; small family;
wages $20. 310 Twelfth ave. ; car fare paid.
EXPERIENCED waitress: also active young
girl to learn waiting at table. 725 Market st.
i WAXTED — Experienced shirtmakers. EAG-
LESOX & CO., 535 Market St.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A~BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109b
Valencia at. __^ '
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.yi
MITCHELL & HORNLEIN. .1206 Market st. 1
We have rooming-houses, all sizes and
prices, in ali parts of the city.
11 rooms; good location; Al furnished.. $S50
20 rooms; sunny; good renter 050
S rooms; tunny flat; corner.... 200 -
II rooms: downtown: sood 700
18 rooms; rent $37 50; make offer 900
Mcney loaned at 1% per cent per month.
A.XY place in the city sold on payments.
30 rooms; clears $250; a snap $3,200 •
S rooms; Geary st. ; a bargain. ....... 350
18 rooms; always full: clears $S0 (150
20 rooms; clears $50; only. ..* 200
17 rms. ; long lease; clears $100; payms 1,100
A. H. RETSLOFF. phone John 631.
>tO6 Market st.. cor. Ellis, rooms 7-8. j
K. CAMERON & CO.,
850 Market st. and 8 Stockton st..
Rooms 21. 22. 23. Phone Bush 323.
If you have hotels, rooming-houses or business
to sell, list with us; buyers, call; we can suit ,
rou; have bargain in hotels, lodging-houses,
flats, all sizes and prices; in all parts of city.
Money loaned. 1% per cent. .
100 ROOMS; country transient; low rent.. $6500 i
300 rooms; corner house; for men 3000
1G rooms; sunny corner: fine location 1500 .
14 rooms; rent very low; bargain. 600 ¦
40 rooms; man house: rent $45; bargain. 700
Money loaned at 1 per cent.
Hotels, roadhouses. flats. 5 to 200 rooms.
EITEL & CARROLL. 1032 Market .st. •
DONALD IXVESTMENT COMPANY.
850 Market st. — (Inc.).. Phone Davis 281. ;
Reliable dealers in rooming-houses, hotels, '
business chances and real estate. >
We furnish vacant houses and
Loan Money at lowest rates. ' (
Something new every day.
Xew houses to lease.
BARGAINS and many choice Investment! Jn '
first-class lodging and boarding houses at all '
times. Bona fide buyers are welcome to In-
spection; kindly call at office.
G. W. SCHWEINHARD.
917 Market st.. bet. 5th .and 6th.
Phone Mint 1911. ¦
MASOX st., 10 rooms. $700: 8 r.. $475; 22 r..
$1400- Kearny st., 18 r., $1700; 21 r.. $1400. ;
These are all good paying places; 70 more ¦
houses, south and north, at all prices; we
lr»at all customers best and honest as possl- ,
ble. McBRIDE & CO.. 765 Market st.
MARIOX GRIFFIN,
719 Market st. (upstairs), near Call building; .
good titles; easy terms: telephone Green 458; ;
Big list hotels and lodging-houses.
IF you want to sell or buy a rooming or apart-
ment house call on us; we can suit you.
TOMLINSOX & CO.. 105 Ellis St., room 10 .
<Glascow block). ; . ¦
SOLD on easy payments at S42 Howard— 10 1
rms.. clears ?50. ?GO0; 3 rms., clears $30. $3C0.
SPIRITUALISM. '
PROF HOLTMAX, medium and gifted healer; '
« all diseases cured by his ' marvelous astro-
psychic power; advice free. 1228 Market st. .
BROCKWAY'S proof positive test seance.
Sun. Wed. and Fri. niehts; every one re- .
ceives test; 25c: readings dally: 1052 Ellis st. ,
MRS J J WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium; .
life reader; medical clalrvo'yant: sittings $1; _
letter $2. U64 O'Farrell St.: Ellis car.
MRS HARLAXD'S circle to-night; best tests; J
lOo; readings daily; ladles 50c. 132 Sixth St.
Mrs Seal spiritual and bus. medium: tobacco ;
habit cured or no pay. Avondale. 1424 Market.
EDWARD EARLE. 328 Ellis: reading! daily; !
phone Polk 1601; seance Sunday and Thurs.
KATIE HEUSSMANN. 1774 15th. nr. Guerrero;
circle Friday eve.. 25c; readings daily.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister — Mrs. C J. ,
Meyer; sittings dally: test toall to-night: 10c. ;
CLAIRVOYANTS.
50c 50c7TT!32e— O'Farrell St.— 326 50c. 60c. '
PROFESSOR PAUL DESTINE,
The first .registered as well as the first graduate
palmist and .clairvoyant ever, in San Francisco.
PAUL DESTINE is, beyond the shadow of a
doubt, the most scientific practicing clairvoy-
ant and palmist in the world to-day; extraor- 1
dinary clairvoyant power, combined with his
superior knowledge of occult forces, enables
him to read human destiny with unerring ac- ¦
curacy; his information and advice on mar-
riages, divorce, separations, love and family
affairs, business transactions, law suits, etc.,
are accurate and truthful; he reunites the
separated, settles lovers' quarrels, causes
speedv marriages; locates hidden treasures
and mines by a new method: advises you as
to whether or not you will be successful in
mining or in business; oftentimes, by good
advice, he gives you back your lost nerve and
energy, no matter what trouble you may
have: call and he will help you. Palmistry
tausht, medlumistic persons developed; 5
questions answered by mail, 50c.
326 — O'FARRELL ST. — 32C.
MME. M. BERNARD.
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third St.. next Examiner bldg.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accurate |
description of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur in the fu-
ture. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domestic,
love or business troubles, consult this great me-
dium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life; 25c
up; satisfaction guaranteed. Tel. Black 45C9.
X — 50c— 50c — XO HIGHER.
For this week only, advice on love and all
business affairs; reunites the separated and
causes speedy marriage; names, dates and
facts given when others fall. Call on the
world's greatest medium and palmist, MME.
J. LYOXS, 1016 Market St., parlors 8 and 9.
A — ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1104 Market st.,
cor. Turk; private readings daily. 10 a. m. to
6 p. m. ; readings by mail as satisfactory as
in person* 3 questions answered. $1; full life
$5; send lock of hair, date and year of birth.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil — second sight;
diagnoses diseases with life reading;ladles50c,
gents $1; palm, and clalr. sit, $1 50. 128 Turk.
25c — SPECIAL — $2 readings one week for 25c:
clairvoyant, palmist, astrologist. trance and
card reader; 10 to 8 daily. 1010 Mission st.
FOR a limited time. Mrs. Reynolds, the famous
life reader, will give her marvelous full life
readings for $1. 1008% Market hours 10 to 5.
YOUR fortune told from cradle to grave. What
I tell comes true: send dime and birth date.
PROF. J. MYERS. P. O. box 2224. San Fran.
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium, permanently located at 1206 Market
St.. cor. Gclden Gate ave., rooms 25 and 26.
MISS M. WILLE. 514 Taylor St.. clairvoyant,
crystal seer: reads your life correctly without
questions; full names :50c-$l;10 a.m. to 8 p.m.
MADAM MARCEAU, card reader and clair-
voyant: ladies and gents 25c. 1601 Mission;
hours 10 a. m. to 8 p. ku ¦
MME. RAVENNA read? life fluently; business
advice; names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
LIXCOLX — Clairvoyant and high psychist;
hours II to 3; readings by mail. 125 Turk St..
MRS. HOCSER, wonderful medium: truth' or
no pay; full^llfe readings 50c. 704 Howard.
1 MME. HAXSEX, well-known clairvoyant, cards,
palm., 25c; satisfaction guar. 148 Cth. r. 14.
MRS BROWN clairvoyant card reader: ladles
25c: gents 60; readings daily. 132 Sixth st.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDIXG'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
1ns works. 353-357 Tehama St.; tel. South 40.
IMPROVED carpet -cleaning for particular peo-
pit-. A. G. Kleinert, 1512 Polk; tel. East 725..
Karlson Karpet Co — Cleaning 3',-4c yd;upholster-
lng.1213 Market.bet.8th&9th;teI.Howard 2312.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM &*CO.. Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices :
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st. ; tel. Mission 203.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS. Mgr.. 38-40 8th st. ; tel. South 250.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works.
S3S Golden Gate ave. ; telephone East 126.
J E MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning and R*no-
vating Co.. 240 14th St.: tel. Mission 74.
COLLECTION OFFICES.' •
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency — No charge
unless euccessful. Room 310. 1)27 Market st.
COTTAGES W ANTED.
DESIRABLE cottage or flat, furnished, for
quiet family of three; can give ' references.
Address box 150, Call office. .
DENTISTS^
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 MarketTcorT
4th. r. 7. Flood bldg. ;' extractions done pain-
letsly; teeth without plates' our specialty; gold
crown? $3 BO up ; plates, extractions free, $4 50
up: office hours, 9 a. m. to 9 p. in. ; Sundays
9 to 2. J. W. THATCHER. P. P. S.. Manager.
EASY Dental Parlors, 6 Turk St., cor. Mason-
Expert painless. extractors; skilled. operators;
gas given: lady attendant. R. C. ANDER-
SON. D.D.8.. proprietor and manager.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs. : crowns, $.*J 50; fillings, 50c;
plates. $5. full set; all work painless and war.
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 23C Kearny. cor. Bush —
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns. $3;. fillings. 50c.
DR. E. P. SHEPARD, 14 Geary st.— Expert
workmanship only; reatonable; hours 10 to 4.
EHT cf teeth without plate. DR. H. O.
YOUNG. 1S11 Polk ot. '
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
MCDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School;
corset-making taught; patterns cut. 1019 Mkt.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
ANDRE'S office, 316 Stockton st.— Butler, $45;
; man for private place, $20; pantry mam $30;
oyster man, $45; 3 waiters for plain hotels,
$30: waiter for country, $30; dishwashers,
city, and country, $25 to $30; 3 bell and ele-
vator boys, $15; married man, who under-
stands the care of horses and is acquainted
*~wlth the city, for contractor, $13 a week.
PASTRY cook and baker, commercial' hotel,
$50, see party at 9 a. m. to-day.
MRS. M. E. DAY .335 Geary st.
A HEAD waiter, commercial hotel, see party
at 9 a, m. to-day. MRS. M. E. DAY. 335
Geary st.
MAN and wife to take charge of country
house. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st. >
FOUR^boys to clean bottles in, drug store, $5
¦ a week; also young man to work in hospi-
tal, $20. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter st.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, rm. 12.
Pantryman, $25; assistant clerk, $15.
WANTED — For U. S. army, ablebodied unmar-
ried men. between ages of 21 and 35: citizens
of United States, good character and tem-
perate habits, who can speak, read and write
English. For information apply to Recruit-
ing • Officer,- 121 New ¦ Mongomery st., San
Francisco, or Masonic building, Sacramento.
WANTED — Man of eood address to present
¦proposition of investment in building and
loan stock; sood salary. Add. box 414, Call.
WANTED — -A steady young man as assistant
janitor; must have references. Apply room
40. Donohoe building, 1170 Market st.
WANTED — First-class barber for an easy Job;
wages $15 per week or take f. half Interest In
shop. 705 Fourth St., San Rafael, Cal.
FIRST-CLASS 2-chair barber shop for* sale in
San Jose. Inquire G. DRAGVEITCH. 140
Fowell St.. S. F., or of STOLTZ.
BARBERS — $15 buys small barber shop com-
plete; cause sickness. Sunday afternoon, 53-1
Sixth. st. \
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday.
The Modern, 34 Fourth st.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday; good
wages. 36 Sixth st.
WANTED — A barber from Saturday 12 a. m.
ard Sunday; wages $4. 50H(r Broadway.
GOOD barber Saturday and Sunday. 11 Sixth
3treet.
WAXTED — A wrapper. Apply to superintend-
ent of THOMAS DAY &CO., 725 Mission st.
FIRST-CLASS machinist for Floriston. Call
¦ 707 Front st. ' ,
WANTED— Boy for office work. Appl7 106
Pine st., ' upstairs. .
2 LATHERS wanted on Fulton St., near Stan-
yan. Come ready to work. .
CABIXETMAKERS wanted; steady work; good
wages. Bush & Mallet t Co., Cth & Bluxome.
YOUNG man as porter; wages $15; light work.
Hotel Stewart. 1101 Pine st. •
WANTED— Good dishwasher. 531 Ellis st.
DISHWASHER wanted for private hospital.
2615 Lacuna St., near Broadway.
WANTED — Fireman, $0 per week: one with
experience preferred. 3372 Mission, laundry.
FIRST-CLASS waiter wanted at 465~and~467
Valencia st. • • ' .
BUTCHER at 239 Fifth st: Woodland Market.
GOOD cook wanted.' 521 Kearny st. Call
early. . •
FOR sale— A three-chair barber shop; must be
sold^a.t or.ee. 215 Sixth st. .
WANTED — Young man whb is an experienced
dry goods wrapper. Apply between 8 and 11
a. m. at HALE BROS.' ,._¦'¦
WANTED — Young man from 16 to 18 years of
age ' to learn the dry goods business, j State
age, ' experience, if any, and* salary expected.
Apply between S and, 11 a. m. ¦ at HALE
BROS.'
WANTED — Man' and wife for two or three
• months to care for- residence, grounds, etc.,
during absence of owner and family in coun-
try. Write, stating references, experience,
• age/etc, addressing box 453, Call office.
WANTED— Steady man with ?125 for a plain
everyday business: established 13 years; will
pay $70 a month; no experience required.
Apply at. 1016 Market st., room 10.
WANTED— Strictly sober, reliable young man
• with $125 cash; light contracting business;
no experience necessary; pays $70 month; 30
days' trial. BROWN & CO.. 1221 Market st.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
*'. that Ed Rolkin; Reno House proprietor, still
ru:is : Denver House, 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
MEN to learn barber trade; barbers in : de-
mand; only requires S weeks: tools donated;
v catalogue free. .MOLER'S BARBER COL-
LEGE, 635 Clay st.v : y
COATMAKER and pants and vest maker for
country. Apply REISS BROS. & CO., 24
Sutter st. . . "
WAXTED — First-class silk salesman; state
- age. experience and salary, expected. ' Ad-
" dress box i"S. Call office.. .
WAXTED — 100 laborers at Hunters Point; $2
per day.. City Street -Improvement Co.
SAN FRAXCISCO CALL.
BUSIXEES OFFICE of The San Francisco •
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
«ctll 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
8C0 Hayes street: open until 9:30 p. m.
«:;9 McAllister street; open until 9: SO p. m.
Ei5 Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
mi Mission street: open until 10 p. m.
22C1 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
EStU 9 p. m.
30C Eleventh etreet; open until 9 p. m.
1090 Valencia street: open until 8 P- ni.
Xorthwect corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 3 p. m.
2200 FlHnior* street: open until 9 p. m. <
CHURCH SERVICES. _
FIRST United Presbyterian Church, corner ,
Golden Gate ave. and Polk ct.— Preaching to- 5
morrow nx 11 s. ta. and 7:45 p. m., by the
iUv. W P. White D.D.. Albany. Or. Morn- .
iny theme, "The tjer.tlc-ness of God." Even- j
int.- theme. "The Unlawful Thing." Saboath
school ct 0:45 a. m. C. E. societies at 0:30
jind «i:«0 p. ::i. Strangers cordially invited
to all services. Pews tree. Courteous ush-
ers. Come and bring your fr'ends.
MEETING .NOTICES. .
KAX FRAXCISCO Chapter Xq. 1, Royal »
Arch Masons meets in ICing Solo- m
moil Hs.U riilii EVENING at 7 iCX
o'clock Degrees 5 and <i. V / ~ •
H. <J. PRINCE. Sec.
CALIFORNIA Chapter Xo. 5, R. A. M.. ¦
will meet THIS (SATURDAY) EV'EX- _/V_ .
ING, May 24. at T o'clock; R. A. de- JLJ\
gree liy order of the H. P. /.? »
FRAXKLIX H. DAY. Secretary.
OCCIDEXTAL LODGE Xo. 22, F. & A. m
M.— THIS (SATURDAY) AFTER- _JV-
XOOX. at - o'clock; second degree. T^JT
By order of the Master. / '
j WALTER G. AXDERSOX. Sec.
EXCELSIOR Lodge Xo. 166. F. & A. M. m
—Second degree THIS (SATURDAY) _|V.
EVENING. .May 2i, at 7:30 o'clock. jLj£
H_J. OWEX. Sec. /?*
GOLDEN Gate Encampment Xo. 1, I. jv /» '
O. O. F. — First and second degrees; r\f
also election of officers, THIS (SAT- y\.
URDAY) EVENING. / X
- F. E. HIGGIXS. C. P.
EXCELSIOR l>egree Lodge No! -,__»^
2, 1. O. O. F. — Regular meeting j£yy*sgfc.
THIS (SATURDAY) EVENING.
Third decree. "*?W«W>
WM. B. CURTIS. D. M.
NOTICE of meeting of stockholders lor pur- '
poce of voting on issue of bonds. Office of
Associated Oil Company, eleventh floor Hay-
ward building, corner ot California and Mont-
gomery *,ts., San Francisco, Cal. April 2S,
1W2. — Xotice is hereby given that pursuant
10 a jesolution of the board of directors of
the Associated Oil Company, unanimously
adopted on the 28th day of April. VMKL, at a
regular meeting of said board duly held iu
the city and county of San Francisco. State
of California, whereat more than three-
fourths of the directors of said board were
present and voted, a meeting of thfc stock-
holders of eaid corporation will be held at
the office and principal place of business of
said corporation, to wit: Eleventh floor
Hayward building, corner of Montgomery
and California streets, in the city and county
of San Francisco, State of California, said
building being the building where the board
of directors 01 said corporation usually meet,
and said place being the place In said build-
ing where the stockholders of said corpora-
tion usually meet, on Monday, the 7th day
of July, l»02, at 11 o'clock a. m., for the
object and purpose of then and there con-
sidering and voting upon a proposition to
create a bonded indebtedness of said As-
sociated Oil Company, in the sum of five
million dollars, payable in United States gold
coin, and to secure said bonded indebtedness
so proposed to be created by a mortgage
upon, or deed of trust of all the property
of said corporation now owned or hereafter
to be acquired by it during the life or term
of taid mortgage or deed of trust. By order
of the board of directors Associated OH Com-
pany.
(Seal) By O. SCRIBXER. gacretary.
ANNUAL Meetinc — The regular annual meet-
ing of the stockholders cf the Olympic Salt
Water Company will be held at the office of
the company, 327 Market et.. San Francisco,
Cal.. on MOXDAY, the 26th day of May,
1902. at the hour of 3 o'clock p. m.. for the
purpose of electing a board of directors to
eerve for the ensuing year, and the transac-
tion of such other business as may come be-
fore the meeting. Transfer books will close
en Friday, May 16. 1902, at 3 o'clock p. m.
CHAS. A- GIBSON. Sec
Office. 357 Market st.. San Francisco. Cal.
AGENTS WANTED.
AGEXTS WAXTED— Big money to live hurt-
lert-; bert. tellir.K article in the market; clean
business; ujrenis making $« to $S per day;
exclusive agency for San Francisco to right
party. MAGIC GAS IGXITER CO.. room
18. The European Hotel. H24 Market st.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
K. TV. KIXG. atty.. Examiner building, room
613; all cases; damages, estates, wills, mort-
gages, partnerships, attachments, collections,
etc.; legal papers drawn; consultation free; no
advance charges; open eve's; call or write.
ADVICE free; divorcesa specialty; quick; quiet;
no charge without success ; established 16 yrs.
G. W. HOWE. 850 Market gt.. cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; open every evening; low fees;
all cases. J. M. THURSTOX. 819 Market st.
L S. CLARK, Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
k<*t ft.: consultation free: no fees In advance.
BICYCLES— For Sale or Exchange, i
ALLEN has best bicycles made; all prices; call
before buying; repairing, tires, bells. 301
Larkin. 305 Market. 1968 to 1974 Page.
BIRDS. DOGS, _ ETC.
KOBISOX'S BIRD STORE—
3."i5 and 337 Kearny 'st.
ALL KIXDS OF BIRDS. DOGS. ETC.
Larr **st a nd best appointed place in the country.
BOOKS XEW AND OLD.
BOOKS of all kinds bought; libraries purchased.
H. C. Holmes 1149 Market: tel. Howard 1946.
IILSIXESS CHANCES.
A — $1250; COFFEE saloon and restaurant near
Market and Powell sts.; value $2500; make
an ofer; sickness cause of selling. See R.
G. WILKE. 2ti»-a Kearny 6t.
A— $250; RESTAURAXT; cost to nx up $600;
rent $10; splendid location; a great bargain
and cood business. Call R. G. WILKE, :MVSs
Kecrny «.
A — $450 bakery, established years; all store
trade; rent $40; 3 rooms and kitchen; baking
1 barrel per day. Call R. G. WILKE, 2<5> /a
Kearny st.
A SALOOX on Fourth st., near Market; $650.
A saloon; hair interest; $750.
A branch bakery and notions; $550.
Call K. G. WILKE. 26 H Kearny st.
A — DAIRY produce, delicatessen and tamale ]
depot clearing above $350 t>er month; estab. !
years; .the best investment In any kind of
business. Call R. G. WILKE, 2B& Kearny.
A— $&00: PARTXER wanted in fine "pTyinE and
best locs-ted restaurant on Sutter St.; sick-
ness compels owner to take good man as
partner or sell the whole business. See K.
G. WILKE. 26% Kearny St.
A— 1550; OYSTER and chop house: clears $150
month; bargain. STRAXD. 1007 V4 Market.
A— »1250; CORNER grocery and bar; fine stock;
fixtures; 2 cash registers; good trade; 3 rooms;
* years' lease. STRAXD. 1007^ Market st.
A— *325; BRAXCH bakery and variety store; 4
rooms; cheap rent. STRAXD. 1007^4 Market.
A — WE buy. sell or exchange business of any
kind. STRAXD & CO.. 1007 H Market st.
A— $200: CIGAR store; rent $10: will sacrifice
for $75 to-day. STRAXD. 1007 H Market st.
A— WANTED: reliable, active man to take
State or county pattern rights in one of the
most profitable and salable articles in exist-
ence: small capital required. P. S. DE
LUCA. 318 Kearny St.. room 1.
A — $250. I must have a partner; If you are a
hustler you can get into one of the best pay-
ing businesses in the city; duties easily
learned. Pacific Real Estate Co., 765 Market.
CHEAP; must be soifl; roadhouse In good run-
r.lng order: parties going nway. Inquire at
Call office.
J TOBACCO and cigar store, with living rooms
and furniture; price $80; must be sold. 140
First st. L_£j_li "
FOIt sale— A country tailoring establishment.
Apply REISS BROS. & CO.. 24 Sutter st.
WANT partner with $500; straight business -
large profit; good salary. Box 420, Call.
$150— PARTXER for real estate and furniture
business. Inquire at 842 Howard st.
WI5 have lodging-houses, stores, restaurants,
laundries, saloons, hotels, cigar stands and
riany other business chances for sale; also
«-ity and country real estate for sale or-ex-
cfcanje. Call or write for our free list. HEA.
LY & CARR Realty and Mining Co.. 713
Market Et.. room 40C; tel. James 4121.
WAXTED — Steady, trustworthy man as part-
:ier in first-class oath business: easy hours;
clears $250 to $300 a month; $350 required
Address box 439. Call office. < -
A GOOD plumbing business; a good -chance to
the right party. Inquire Emma Spreckels
building, room 607, M. H. RODMAX.
NOTION and crockery store; fine stock; good
locsticn; low rent. 396 S!xUi. bet. 0-12 a. m.
Btore. with iarge bacement, below Ktarny, sult-
1 able for bowling, earnes; lease. C36 Clay, r. 1.
BO UTlFln Western Addition; building np fiis-
,trict; reasonable. 'Bex 1782, Call.
ALTHOUGH many seemingly advantageous
prepositions are offered In tha way of prices
and terms upon pianos, please bear in mind
that we can not only duplicate them, but can
offer, exceptionally fine pianos and largesC.
assortment cf best makes to choose from.-*
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. Steinway dealers,
cor. Kearny and Sutter sts.. S. F. : Broad-
way and Thirteenth sts. Oakland.
ATTENTION*. BARGAIN-HUXTERS!
Second-hand upright pianos from $30 up.
Second-hand square pianos from $30 up.
Second-hand organs from $25 up; new up-
right pianos from $175 up. BENJ. CURTAZ
& SON. 16 to 20 O'Farrell st. ; Chlckertn*.
Mason & Hamlin. Vose, Sterling pianos.
ANY piano sold by us taken back any tim*
within 2 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a nev peerless Knabe, at regular
price; costs you only 20c a day to buy a
piano from us. KOHLER & CHASE. 30
O'Farrell gt.; established 1850.
UPRIGHTS at $25 and upward can be seen at
our store, and If you want to get a bargain
call soon; we are showing some fine Decker*.
cheap to close out: they are good as new.
ZEXO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 769 Market St.
$150 — ELEGANT large size Fischer upright.
JOS. SCHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister st.
FISCHERpiano, good as new. will be sold t»
highest bidder this week. SICKELS. 6 Geary.
Sell privately, your own price, superb cabinet
grand upright piano; leaving city. 933 Post.
YOU may want a piano ¦ for rent. SCOTT-
CURTAZ PIANO CO.. S60 Hayes st. ¦
THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO.. 931 Market st.
Steck, Everett. Lndwlg and other good pianos.
BEAUTIFUL upright Fischer piano; must b*
sold at once. -Room 2. 237 Geary st.
A FINE Steinway upright. left on sale; ,n»
reasonable offer refused. 235-237 Geary st.
SNAP — 2 only. new. $430; high-grade uprights,
dropped from catalogue. $250. Bruenn.20SPost.
BTROX MAUZY. 308-310-312 Post St.: Sohmer
s.nd other pianos and ptpe organs.
SUFERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
MONEY TO_LOAJI.
A— R McCO^OoAiiT^MoaisomeTrliC. room A.
Loans any amount at lowest rates.
Deal direct with lender.
On first mortgages.
On second mortgages.
On third mortgages.
On undivided interests In real estata.
On estates In probate.
- On legacies.
NO DELAY.
-Telephone Main 551S.
R. McCOLGAX. 24 Montgomery st.. room 31
A— HERMAN MURPHY. 601-B02 Examiner bl«
$4,500,000 at Lowest Rates
On First and Second Mortgages..*...
On Life Interests In Estates
Property Being Held In Trust
Undivided Interests in Real Estate
Life Insurance Policies; Estates in Probate.
Financial Problems of All Sorts Rnd Sizes.
IF YOU NEED MONEY
Bee HERMAN MURPHY. G01-6C2 Examiner.
AA— MANHATTAN LOAN CO. (Inc.K
(300.000 at 5*4 and « per cent in sums to suit;
City Oakland. Town and Country Property:
tecond morteases. life Insurance and securi-
ties' leans on unsettled estates, undivided in-
teresti In real estate and legacies; will pur-
chase above securities. MANHATTAN LOAN
CO.. CROCKER BUILDING.
ANY proposition, any amount: 6 per cent: first.
; tecond and third mortgages, estates in pro-
bate interest in estates, legacies, undivided
Interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile interest*, corporation loans. Room 16.
1st floor. Chronicle big. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
MONEY to loan in sums to suit on real estate,
household furniture, etc., at lowest rate oi
Interest; private and confidential. TOMLrN-
EON & CO.. 105 EU!s St.. room 10 (Glasgow
block). _
MISCELLANEOUS FOR . S_AJLE— -Con.
1ST-CLASS 2d-band modern engines & boilers
bought, sold. Krogh Mfg Co.. 51!> Market at.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 23-fiand moving pic-
turea. BULLARD & BRECtC. 131 Po-t «¦
MISCELLAX BOPS
BIG prices. paid for sealskin coats; also genta*
full dress and Tuxedo suits. Portland Loan
Office. 25 Stockton st.: phone Bush 4S-t.
I WILL pay good cash prices for old sealskins;
send postal; will call. Box 40C0, Call offic e.
HIGHEST prices paid for diamonds and seal-
skins; will call; confidential. Box 468, Call.
T1LTOX wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th St.: tel. Jeasie 2S31.
Wanted— 2d-hand electric motors, all sizes, any
condition. FarnswnrthElectricalWka..41STur'ic.
; JMUSICAL^IXSTUUMENTS.
AS we have just completed our new ware-
rooms and hall, for OXE WEEK we will
offer unheard-of bargains in all grades of
pianos. If you are looking for a high-grade
piano, come; if not, come and bring your
friends and spend an hour with us in the
most beautiful warerooms on the Pacific
Coast. Every piano a bargain this week.
Among them we will offer:
1 Miller $-'5T>
3 Weber C5
2 Knabe 85
1 Haynes 155
4 Steinwaya $110 to S«
2 Steck S100 and 150
3 Fischer $95 to 135
Also special prices on the Matchless Heine.
Every piano fully guaranteed. Easy pay-
ments If desired. 200 pianos to select from.
HEINE PIANO CO.. Heine Hall. 235-237
Geary st.
HELP W ANTED — FEMALE.^
AT.C..R. IIAXSEN~& CO.'S. .. ..429 Bush <>t.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT ".". . .
•3 waitresses same springs, fare one way..*-.)
3 waitresses', 12th of June, same springs.. *'-o
2 women, kitchen work, springs ...^.$20
Waitress, Santa Cruz, fare one way.
Working housekeeper,, small boarding-house.
- ... .\ ......; $20
Housekeeper, hotel must understand . cater-
ing: •» 3(J
* chambermaids, city $17 50. $18
3 restaurant waitresses • $7\week
......... FAMILY DEPARTMENT ;.
, Cooks, houseglrls, nursegirls, . second girls,
city and country, $10, $30. C. R. HANSEN
& CO.. 429 Bush it. ___J
A MAN and wife or a mother and son. woman
to cook, and man to work In the quarry. $2
a day; see party here. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 429 Bush st. . .; \-,
WAITRESSES: 2 waitresses for summer re-
ports, $25, go to-day; 10 second girls. $21.
$25. city and country; 2 nursegirls, $20,1 $25;
S waitresses, city" and country. $20. ' $25:
cook. $35; second girl. $25. both same house,
see lady at office to-day; 4 hotel cooks, coun-
try. $30, $35; chambermaid and seamstress,
S25; 49 girls for all kinds of housework in
city and country at ?20, $25. $-">0. Apply to
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 334 Sutter st.'
TWO waitresses, first-class rssort. $25. room,
board and laundry. MRS. M. E. DAY. 33P
Geary St. ' ;
TWO waitresses first-class commercial hotels,
$25. fares paid. MRS. M. E. DAY. 335 Geary.
WAITRESS, arm • work, Nevada. $25. fare
pald._MRS. M. E.DAY. 3.15 Geary st^
TWO fancy ironers, resort. $30; mangier, same
• place. $20. MRS. M. E. DAY, 335 Geary st.
NURSE to take care of Invalid. $1 a day; In-
fant's nurse. $25; a woman to cook for men,
$25; woman with a child. $20. MRS. NOR-
TON. 313 Sutter st. '
NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY TO LEARN
HOW TO SEW OVERALLS: WE TEACH
YOU FREE OF CHARGE AND PAY WHILE
LEARNING; STEADY WORK; GOOD PAT.
LEVI STRACSS & CO.. 22% FREMONT
,6T.; MR. DAVIS. . ' : "
WANTED — 5 girls to learn hairdresslng. mani-
curing, massage and hair work; only 2 weeks
required; bring ad; costs only $3 50; 3 posi-
tions waiting; private customers assure $50
to $75 per month; day and even, class; beware
o r . imitations ; ours first and only college of the
kind on Paclfie Coast. 233 Geary at., rs. 13-15.
Wonted — Trustworthy person In each county to
manage business established house solid finan-
cial standing; bona fide weekly cash salary;
$18 paid each Wed., with all expenses, direct
from headquarters ; money advanced for ex-
penses. Manager, 359 Caxton bldg., Chicago.
MILLINERY— Wanted, first-class trimmer for
good city position; call to-day between 8 and
9 o'clock. MULLER & RAAS CO., 731 Market.
WANTED — An experienced cashier for a re-
tail dry goods house: references required.
Address L. R. & CO., box 450, Call office. ;
WANTED — Saleslady for silk waists, etc.
CAILLEAU'S. 114-116 Kearny st.
WAXTED — First-class saleslady for suits and
cloaks. CAILLEAU'S. 114-116 Kearny st.
GOOD vest operator. Apply S. N. WOOD &
CO.'S factory. 27 Geary St.. top floor.
PANTS operators wanted by S. N. WOOD &
CO: Apply at factory. 27 Geary st.
CATHOLIC girl to do housework in family of
two. Call 795A Clayton st.
WANTED — Lady » piano player for country
roadhou.se. Box 924, Call office. ¦
YOUNG German girl. «genwal housework. Call
at 2216 Webster st.
EXPERIENCED nurse, for child three years
old. Apply 2544 Mission st.
WANTED — Crockery saleslady ; give expe-
rience. Box 411. Call office. '. .
I AM desirous of engaging a business woman
•who can earn $12 a week. .yBor 410, Call.
WOMAN or girl to do general housework; Ger-
man preferred. 1100A Golden Gate ave.
GOOD hand at dressmaking. 782 Geary St.,
between Hyde and Leaven worth. •¦
HELP WANTED— MALE— Con.
WANTED— Recruits for the marine corps. V-
S. navy; ablebodied. unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 33;. not
less than 5 feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet 1
inch; able to speak apd.read English. For-
further information apply at the Recruitjns
, Office. 40 Ellis st.. San Francisco. ;
EARNEST young man willing to work for a
business education. California Business Col-
lege, -305 Larkin st.' .
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Europe and
Australia. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting: 25c
to 50c. 563 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sta.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket — 200 rooms, 25c night; reading rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1006
Valencia st. ¦ " .•
AND WAGOXS.
THREE T.-cll-matched stylish carriage teams,
average weight 2">00 pounds- perfectly train-
ed: two coal black teams, stand 16:3 hand?,
average weiRht 2450; six work horses, average
weight 1400, and six fine large driving horses,
just from the country: these are all well
broken: trials given. Call at OCCIDEXTAL
HORSE EXCHANGE. WM. G. LAYXG. Pro-
prietor. 246 THIRD ST.. formerly 721 How-
ard st. -" .
A LOT of horses for sale at Arcade Horse Mar-
ket, 327 Sixth st. ; also Jauggles, wagons, har-
ness, etc.; auction sales every Wednesday at
11 a. m. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
YOU can find what you want In the horae line
at BTEW ART'S Horse Market. 721 Howard
t-t.. near Third; phone Main 1150.
WORK or driving horses; will exchange young
horse Just broke, for No. 1 buggy or screw
cutting lathe. F. H. SANDERSON. Vallejo.
FOR sale. Santa Rosa Salesyard — Just arrived,
several fine road and business horses, new
buggies and harness. . 1499 Market, cor, lltlj.
San Francisco Veterinary College — Fourth ees-
Blon begins June 9. Catalogues by applying to
M. L. PANCOAST. Sec, 510 Golden Gate ave.
Largest stock 2d-hand wagons, buckboard. sur-
rey,harnes3,work,drivlng horsea. 15th&Valencia.
BIG ranch horse $30, double harness $15. har-
ness $6. buggy $40, pole $6. 79 City Hall ave.
LARGE, handsome bay horso for business or
surrey; safe for lady, 507 Jessie st., nr. 6th.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc., cheap. EGAN & SON, 2117 Mission st.
AN Al express wagon, single; also light camp-
ing wagon for sale cheap. 532 Mission st.
CHEAP; must be sold; roadhouse in good run-
ning order; parties going away. Inquire at
Call office. >
HELP WANTED— MALE Con.
A— MURRAY & READY Phone Main 5843
V 634-630 Clay st. .
, Lead injg Employment and Labor Agents;
* Oifice open 7. a." m.
¦ .....5000 RAILROAD MEN..... ......
NEVADA. . . . ..SHIP DAILY NEVADA
.....:..../ Free Fare V
. Elko, Salt Lawe Division, Wadsworth, Reno,
'.Iron: Point, Palisade....
500 teamsters.. .......$2 25, $2 50 day
. 750 laborers, Nevada .....$2 25 to $2 50
250 rockmen and! drillers, free fare..
".". . .$2 25 to $2 50
30 carmen, 120 muckers, Nevada... $2 25 day
100 men for concrete work, ....... <$2 25 day
... .....SHIP FREE DAILY.;.....
.......SANTA FER. R
.A gang of laborers for ballasting track; steel
and extra gangs on the Santa Fe System^
FREE FARE ".
...., .SHIP TO-DAY TO.....
SAWMILLS. . WOODS YARDS
.......... W T E PAY YOUR FARE
350 men to work in sawmills, yards and
', woods, learn to run. machines and make
themselves generally useful, you need np
experience ..wages $30 to $60 and found
10 men to. build, roads in woods, fare $1 50,
$35 and found; 25 lumber pliers, north, $40
and found; 20 men for Humboldt Co., $40 and
found; blacksmith, sawmill Co., $45 and fd.
..... MECHANICAL DEPARTMENT
CARPENTERS BLACKSMITHS
6 carpenters, sawmill, all summer's- Job, $2 75
and tound; 5 carpenters, company work, $90;
16 carpenters, city, $3 50 day; blacksmith,
city job, $3 day; blacksmith, R. R. camp,
Nevada, free, fare. $60 and found; black-
smith, sawmill, §45 and found; 6 black-
smiths, other Jobs; 10 blacksmith helpers; 3
brick molders, $75, country; 3 carriage paint-
ers; cooper, gee boss here, . $40 and found.
....... MINES, QUARRIES
LABORERS
3 miners, single hand. 8 hours $3 day
3 mln%rs. shaft work, $00; 6 miners, good
gold quartz mine, $2 75 day. see boss here; 3
miners, cinnabar mine, $75; 5 muckers, $75;
6 laborers, $30 and found; IS quarrymen, near
city. $2 25 day; powder man, $2 25 day; 50
laborers, different quarries; 10 laborers, 8
miles from San Francisco, free fare, $42 and
-found; (5 laborers, company work, country,
fare 50c; 23 laborers, different factories, $26
to $50 and found ; 15 laborers, city Jobs, $32 50
and found, $1 50, $2 day :....
MISCELLANEOUS
. .HAYFIELDS FARMS . ... .DAIRIES. .
25 haymakers, different ranches, $1 50 day;
5 men to , run . mowers,' $40 and found; 130
men to work in hayflelds, $30, $35 and $1 25
day and found: 75 farm hands, steady jobs,
$26. $30, $35 and found; 10 men to pick, cut
and pack asparagus, $30 and found;- 5 sheep-
herders, $25 and found ; 37 choremen, $25, $30
and $35 and found; 18 choreboyB, $15 to $25
and found; choreman, private family, $25 and
found; 53 milkers, city and country dairies.
$30 to $40 and found; butter makers' and
cheese makers . . .% ; . . .
Stableman, country, fare 35c, $30 and found;
hostler, country stable, fare $1, $30 and
found; buggy washer, $60; hostler, $60; milk
wagon driver, city, $40 and found; 5 laborers
for brickyard, $30 and found; 16 boys to learn
trades and work in factories, city
HOTEL »
BUTCHERS COOKS
Butcher, country shop, fare $2 50, $35
and found; butcher, country, no slaughtering,
$12 week; all-round butcher, $30 and found.
Camp cook, 25 men, $40 and found; cook,
small camp, city, $35 and found; 4 ranch
cooks; cook, small resort,$35; 16 cooks.city and
country hotels and restaurants, $35, $40, $45,
$50 and found; vegetable man, mine boarding-
house, $30 and found; 4 camp waiters; 16
waiters; other Jobs; 23 kitchen hands; 3 ba-
ckers' helpers; other positions not advertised;
call and inspect our bulletin boards. ...}....
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.• Never, estimate "your peach Crop from a
census of the buds. .'•
FRIDAY, May 23 — i p. xn.
Bid. Ask. Bid 'Ask
Alpha — 03 Justice' 05' 00
Alta ... .. 02 05 Kentuck 01 0°
Andes 03 to Lady Washtn. — 04
Belcher 06 07 Mexican 60 61
Best & Belch. 23 . 24 Occidental .:. 24* 25
Bullion ...... -02 03 Dphir 1 651 CO
Caledonia : . . . 81, 82 Overman ....20 2T
Thallenge Con 16 - IS Potosl 34 35
Chollar 17 18 Savage 14 15
Confidence ... 63 64 Scorpion 04
O C & Va 1 50 1 55 Beg Belcher.. 03 04
Con Imperial. — 02 Sierra Nevada 23 25
ConN York.. — 02|?ilver Hill.... 44 45
i.Town Point.. 06.. 08 ,St Louis...... - 04-
Eureka Con... IS — ISyndleate .... — 07
l^xchequer 01 02 Union Con 27 28
Gould & C... 12 13 Utah 01 03
Hale & Nor*. 22 24- Yellow Jacket 22 24
Julia — 04i
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Afternoon Session.
500 Best & B-.. 23 . 1 500 Gould & C 13
400 Caledonia .. 81 ; 200 Ophir . .1 52U
300 Chollar 18 I 200 Potosl .... 35
400 C C & Va..l 50 ' I 200 Savage ... 15
1300 Best & B. .. 25 100 Ophir 157%
4C0Best&B... 26 200 Ophir 165
200 Caledonia .. 83 300 Overman •><$ !
200 Caledonia .. 84 500 Potosi . . . " 37
300 Chollar .... 19- 200 Potosi "36
200 Chollar .... 18 200 Potosl ..... 35
100 C C & Va..l 55 200 Potosl ....I 34
200 Crown Point 0« 400 Savage . . 15
200 Mexican ... 65 200 Sierra Nev, 25
100 Occidental . 23 200 Silver Hill. 41
. 100 Occidental .24 100 Silver Hill 4*>
100 Occidental'. 25 200 Yel Jacket.. 21
Morning Session
The following were .the sales yesterday In the
Pacific Stock Exchange:
3C0 Belcher 07 50 Mexican fit
1000 Best & B... 23 850 Ophir "1 55
150 Caledonia .. 81 700 Overman °7
100 Caledonia .. 82. 100 Potosl . " Vi
500 Chollar, 18 400 Sierra Nev! 25
7C0 Hale & Nor. 23 500 Sliver Hill 40
400 Mexican ... 63 500 Union Con. 2S
100 Mexican ... 62 "°
Afternoon Session.
1000 Andes ..... 04 200 Justice ' fwt
300 Best & B ... 23 500 Mexi^n " ' " 66
400 Caledonia ..82 500 Occidental". 24
100 Caledonia ..83 350 Ophir 1 B.%
300 Challenge ..37 400 Ophir ." .' ." " " 1 So
200 Chollar .... 20 10O Potosl ™
500 Chollar .... 19 U00 Savage it
?^^ C «? Va " 1 ? i 200 Sierrl Nev" 25
100 Confidence .65 100 Yel Jacket. 22
Morning Session.
H The following- were the sales yesterday in the
San Francisco Stock and Exchange Board:
MINING STOCKS.
Afternoon Session.
Board — - ¦', ;
350 Home................. * 4 ,
BOO Junction, b 10 ""* 5s
BOO Junction, b90 1 ; " " * * •>«
500 Lion '"¦• net
700 Sterling ..'. 1 £X
1000 Tiger ...., ;„. ¦•'"" x «J
Morning Session.
Board — . ¦ ,- . ; ' 4 -,*
100 Cala-Standard '. * 19
500 Junction, b 90 .. 25
100 Junction 24
100 Monte Crlsto ..:...... 1 3714
ltK)C~Sterlmg-';;::rr..^;... ..?..;...- 1 2 0
1500 Sterling, cash ......:...:... . 1 so
1000 Sterling, b 30 ............ '"- 1 0014
•200 Sterling, b 10 ]*' 1 <£i?
' 50 Thirty-Three " 8 00
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board —
80 Cal Wine Assn 100 75
10 Oceanic S S Co 30 00
60 Pacific Lighting 48 60
• 10 Sacto Elec Gas & Ry 39 00
10 S F Gas & Elec Co 44 12%
5 Spring Valley Water 90 50
$3000 Oakland Transit tts.. 125 00
$5000 Oceanic S S bonds.. 08 50
$4000 Spring Valley 6s m 00
Afternoon Session. v
5 Giant Powder Con '..-.. 75 00
100 Giant Powder Cop, s 90.. 74 75
1(T Oceanic S S Co 5> : 30 00
$5000 Bay Counties Power Co 53.'. 108 30
34 Bank of California ...427 00
Alaska Pack. — 160 Pac A F A, 2% —
Cal Fruit As. — 102% Pac C Borx.165 —
Cal Wine As.100% — Par Paint . . 20 —
Oceanic 'S Co — —
1 'miscellaneous bonds.' v
Cal-st 5s .'..11D — Pk & CH6s- 110
C Costa 5s.. — lll'i Pk&OROs- 125
Ed L & P 6s — — Pwl-st R 6s. — —
Fer&CH 6s. — 123 Sac EGR 5s. — 102*4
Geary-st 5s..'— — SP & SJVJVs.121 —
H C&S 5^s.lO3 — Sierra Cal 6a — HC?; j
Do 5s — 0O S P of A 6s
L Ang.R os.118%119% (19CO) 113%114
L. A L, Co 68.103 105 (1910) ....11494 —
Do gtd 6s. — — S P of. C 6s
Do-gtd 5s. — — (1905)Sr A.10C%107%
L A & P 5s. 103 — (1905)Sr B. — —
Do lem 5S.103 — (1906) ....110 —
Mkt-st C 6s. — 129 (1912) ....120ft —
Do, lem 5s.l20'A — S P of-C-lat
N R of C 6s. — — c gflUd^s. — —
Do 5s 120*il21% Do stmpd.109%11014
N Pac C 5s.l09>4110M: SP Br Cal ttsl39}41-H>
N CR,53...114% — ..S V. Wat 6a. — —
Oak Gas 5s. 113 113V. Do 4s 2dm. — 102%
Oak Trn 6s.. 124% — Do 4s 3dm.l01%!02^
Do 1st c5s. 113^115 Stkn G&EOs.lOi 104
Oak W G 53.103^104^
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 76% 77% Port Costa.. 63% 66
Marln Co.... 60 — ISprlng Val.. 00 91
: GAS AND ELECTRIC. .
Cent L & P. . ZVi — iPac L Co... 48 "50
Eqt G L Co. 3% 3%-Sac E G&R. ZTft 4»
Mutual 4 li|i:S F G & E. H% 41?;
O G L. & H. 63% 64 S F G L Co. 5% 5%
Pac G Imp.. G8% 40 |Stktn G & E 8 —
INSXTRANCE.
Flrem's Fnd.200 — /
BANKS.
Am B & T..110 — First NationI — —
Anglo-Cal 90% L. P & A....168 170
Bank of Cal. 425 429 Mer Ex (llq) 23 —
Cal Safe Dp. 121 — S F NationI. 140 —
SAVINGS BANKS. --
German ...1900 — Sav & Loan. — 90
Humboldt . . _ — Security Sav.S40 300
Mutual Sav. 84 90 Union Trst.1830 —
S F Sav. U.5S#- — | .. , .
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..170 — rMarket 99%101
Geary — — |Presldlo 30 —
POWDER.
Biant 74% 75 jVlgorit 3U 4
SUGAR.
Hana 3% — iKilauea — 0%
Hawaiian .. — 37%|Makaweli .. 23% 24Vi
Honokaa ... 11% 12 i-Dnomea .... 24 24%
Hutchlnson .13 13%lPaauhau ..;. 12% 13^,
MISCELLANEOUS.
Continued From Page Thirteen.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY; 24, 1902.
15
Santa Fe
Tralns-Daiiyr
Leave Market-street Ferrv Detwt. i
. ¦ Local Lim'aiovrl'a A»cal
i Daily Dally Dally Daily
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:0O p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 1O:1S a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:18 P
- " Merced... 12:2-', p 1:17 p l:3O.ai 3:U P
•• Fresno... 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:15al:»:50p
" -Hanford.. 3:12 p 3:27 p 8:05* ..
" Vlsalia... S:X> PI 5:00 a
" Eakersfld 6:15 pi 5:20 p, 7:45 a|
" Kan. City) J 2:40a 7:30a
" Chicago..! .. 1 2:15 pi 9:00 pf ;
a for mdrnins. p for alternoon.
9:00 a. m. train is the California Limited,
carrytnsr Palace Sleeping Cars and Dining
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car runs
to Bakersfiekt fvr accommodation of local
first-class passengers. No second-class tick-
ets are honored on. this train. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 7:05 a. m. daily.
4:20 p. m. is Stockton. Merced and Fresno
local. Corresponding train arrives at 12:30
p. m. dally.
8 p. m. is the Overland Express, with
' through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; aUo
Palace Sleeper, which cuts cut at Fresno.
Corresponding' train arrives at 6:00 p. m.
dally. • ¦ • N . •
7:20 a. m. Is Bakersfleld Local, stopping
at all points in San Joaquln Valley. Cor-
responding trail*- arrives at 8:40 a. m. daily.
Offices — 641 Market street and in Ferry
Depot. San Francisco; 1112 ; Broadway.
Oakland. ' - -¦
HEAL" ESTATE j TRANSACTIONS.
". FRIDAY,' MAY 23. . .
* "Abbie R.' Wood and Martha ; ~W. ' Causrhlan
(Wood), executors of estate of 'Joseph M.
Wood, . deceased, to Marmaduke B. Kellocg,
lot 'pn S • line of Broadway. , 103:114 E' of
Steiner, E 34:4% by. S 127:8U; ?3750.' . '
* Marniaduke B. : and Mary L. ; A. ' Kellogg I to
107 POWELL ST.NtARELLIS W. 5056
Jifianahan Florisf Qo.
K ¥ l , ¦[?. ART 1ST |C F LOR AL DE5 1 (5 N S t
.Prices "¦ Reasonable .
. ¦ . Via Sausalito Ferry, "
• ' Commencing April ¦ 27, : 1902. '
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLET
AND SAN RAFAEL. -«^^'«.I
WEEK DAYS— «:45. »7:45, 8:45. 9:30. 1100
a. - m.. 12 :20, . 1 :45. 3 :15. 4 :15, 5 :1V •9M.
0:45, 9:45. 11:45. p. m. 7:45 a. m. do«» not
run to Mill Valley. . am
-SUNDAYS— 7:00, 8:00, »9:00 •10:00 11-OOt.
11:30 a. m.. 12:30. »U3O, 2:30. »3:45. OTOO 6 : OT
7:30 9:45. 11:45 p. m. •'
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS-3J20 .««ao 7*40, 8:13,
11:00 a. m.. 12:25, 2:15, »3:30. 4:40. 5:30, «;43
10:15 P. ™. : *
SUNDAYS— C:00«S:OO. o 0:30. 11:00 m..
•12:00 m.. 1:00, 2:15, »3:30, 4:15. 'ius 6«
7:30,>40:15 p. m. . "
- Trains marked (*) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYSt-6:40. 6:40. 7:43-8:25 avis"
11:10 a. m.. 12:35, 2:45. 3:50. 0:l6, 5:20, 7 UO
10:15 p " ni. . - .--.-. ¦ - — *
SUNDAYS— 6:30, 7:55, 10:05, U:io a. m
12:15. 1:20. 2:30, 3:45. 6:00, 6:05,. 7:15. 10:40
P " "^ ''• THROUGH TRAINS. V'«
'' 7 :45 a. na. week • days— Cazadero and" war
stations. ' •
. 3:15 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way
stations. ¦' . .
. 6:15 p. m. week cays (Saturdays' exceDted)
— Tomalea and way stations., . . '
, .8:00 a. m. Sundays — Cazadero and way
stations..-- . .>-, ;.
t 10:00 a. m. Sundays — Point Reyes and way
stations. .
; Legal " Holiday boats and trains . will run on
Sunday time. ..- • ... ...
NORTH SHORE RAILROAD.
BAH.WAY TRAVEL;
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTEBN RY. CO
LESSEES
sjui iRANGisco m mn pacific
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburou Ferry, . Foot ot Murket St.
SAX FRAXCISOO TO SAX RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 9:C0. }l:0O a. m.; 12:33.
3:30 5:10 6:30 p. in.. Thursdays — Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trip* at
.- 1:50 and 11:30 p. m. ,
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a, m.; 1:30. 3:3»«
. 6:00 6:20 p. m.
SAX RAFAEL TO SAX FRAXCISCO.
WEEK-DAYS — 6:05. 7:35. 7:50. 9:20." ll:l»
a m.; 12:50. 3:40. 5:00. 5:20 p. m. Saturday*
—Extra trips at 2:05 and 6:85 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:40. 11:15a. m.; 1:40. 3:4«t,
4:65, 5:05, 6:25 p. nu_ : *
Leave ! In Effect f l Arrive .
San Franclacol May 4. 1902. |San Fraqelaco
Week I Sun- t Deatina- j Sun- I W««*
Days. I day ». I , tlon. . I days. \ Day.
7:30 a 8:0Oa ' Ignacio »:10a 8:4J»
3:30 p 0:30 a * and 10:40 a 10:»*
6:10p 5:00p Novato 6:05p.8:20»
• 7:35 p
7:30 a 8:00 a Petaluma 10:40 a 8:40*
3:30 p 9:30 a and_ 6:05 p 10:20 a,
S:10p 6:00 p Santa Rosa 7:35 p 6:20 p
' Ftilton " -
7 »S0 a "Windsor . -.10:20*
5:00 p Healdsburs 10:40 a '
• v ¦ . ' Lytton
Geyservllle
3:30 p 8:00 a 'Cloverdale 7:35 p ¦ 6:20 g
7-30 at 8:COa| Hopland 110:40 a|10:20 a
siSQpl 5:00 pi- ¦ UMah | 7:33 p| 6:20 9
7:30a| 8:00 a[ WlUKa r7:3Sp|C:20p
7:30 ar 8:00 al GuernevlUo > I 7:35 p[10:20 a.
3:30 p| 5:C0pt ' * |10:40 a| 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 al Sonoma t9:10a| 8:40a
6:10 p| 5:00 Fl GTen Ellen | 6:05 p| 6:20 o
7:30 al 8:00 at Sehastopol 110:40 a|10:20 a
3:S0p| C:0Op|. ' | 7:35 p[ 6:20 g
Stages connect- at Santa . Rosa for Marts
"West Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at
Fulton for Altruria: at Lytton for Lytton
Springs; at Geyservllle for Skaggs Springs; at
Cloverdale for the Geysers and Boonevllle: at
Hopland for Duncan Springs. Hishlantl Spring3.
KelseyvIU-. Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay. Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
Springs. Saratoga Springs,- Blue Lakes, ¦ Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs. Upper Lake. Poroo.
Potter .Valley. John Day's, Riverside. Lierley'a.
Bucknell's Sanhedrln Heights. Hullvllle. Orr's
Hot 8prlnsa, Half-way House. Comptche.
Camp Stevens. Hopkins. MenJocino City, Fort
Bragg. Westport. Usal; at Wlllits for Sher-
wood Cahto. Covelo, Laytonville. Cumratnes,
B«ll"c Spring*. Harris. Olsen'a. Dyer. Pepper-
wood. Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday . to Monday - round-trip tickets at
reduced rates. - - . • ¦
On Sundayii — Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.'
Ticket office. 650 Market street, Chronlcla
building.
* H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
- '¦:'.' Gen. Manager. ¦ Gen. Paaa. Agt.
T1OUNT TAMALPAI5 RAILWAY
Leave [ Via Sausalito Ferry ! Arrive
San Fran; Foot of Market St. San Fran,
Week Sun- . Sun- Week
Vvth day 3 - -t^ rtw days " 5*32:
9:30a. 8:00 a. Mtereli , 1^ Mrt T-o 1^:15 p. 9 Ija.
.. — -uriaeFTwitFJis- t£or.'"ZZ
'".'.'"". 2:30 r. ; Or** 1 *" t -**»•**• 8:15 P. ...— .
SITU8UTS Bill— !«•• T»— rm fcSO r. tzrtn 5«» Fmht 11J» *.
Tfck«l 0OTM. «2l M.vnSKr STREET »nl SAC.SAUTO Tta&Z.
Weekly Call,§1.00 per Ye^
7-
SPECIAL- NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
cltj* or countny. PACIFIC ; COLLECT 'OX
CO.. 435 Montgomery, rooms -0-10; ' tel. 55S0.
SEWIXG MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
p airing; lowest rates. Tel. Green 144. 203 4th.
"ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, ex.; repairing;
lowest. rates; phone Howard '^264. 145 Sixth.
THEOSOPH1CAULITERATURE.
UNIVERSAL Brotherhood Path (monthly).
The New Century (weekly); write for samplei
copies and book list to the Theosophical Pub-'
Hshlng Co.. Point Loma, Cal., International
headquarters of Universal Brotherhood and
Theosophical Society. ¦' • ". . ¦'.'.
_
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS^-Ws
cell better machines for less 'money than any
house in the city," rentals $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 630 California; telephone Main 266.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, '-rented, repaired.
¦ Webster Typewriter Inspec Co.. 200 Sansome.
TYPEWRITIXG A MIMEO'CRAFHIXQ.
KXPERT typewriting. 4c folio: copies. 2c: mlm-
¦ eographltig. 927 Markt, rm. 305; Howard 1639.
WANTED TO LEASE. V •
A. 3 OR 4 story building, about 25 to 30 by CO
•to SO feet, located south of Market and be-
tween 3d and 8th sts., qlty. Address Mission,
6*1 Commercial st.. city. ' .
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO. Cal., May 21, 1002: Notice
I — As-to-daythe pool expires on all promoters' ¦
i stock in THE BALSAM MINING &. MILL-
ING CO,, the public Is hereby warned against
purchasing any stock claimed to be owned
.by, one A. A. NICKERSON JR.- Any , one
purchasing such ..stock do so: at their own
risk, as said A. A. NICKERSON JR. is not
entitled to any stock in said company. By
order of. the board of directors of the Balsam
Mining & Milling Co. . ..
S. F. BULL ARD, -President. .
M. H. RODMAN, Secretary pro tern: *'•'- ¦
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for coal — Office of General Su-
perintendent. Army Transport '¦' Service. San
Francisco, Cal.. May 19, 1902. — Sealed pro-
posals- in triplicate lor furnishing- and deliv-
ering at Honolulu. H. T., ten thousand tons'
average Steam Coal, or such portion thereof
as may be required, will be received at this
office until 12 m., June 20, 1902, and then
opened. Information furnished on applica-
tion. Envelopes containing proposals should
be Indorsed "Proposals for Coal for Hono-
lulu," and addressed to C. A. DEVOL, Gen-
eral Superintendent. ¦'._ '
'.MABBI AGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday: .. . •
Arthur Ward, 32, city, and Mabel R. Mose-
ley, 24, city. •
John K. Watkins, 30, city, and Annie R.
Davidson. 37. city.
Jean Estebe. 35, Stockton, and Anita Peto-
tegul, 28, city. .
Thomas S. Molloy, 82," city, and Alice B.
Graham, 32, city.
Jakob J. Medo, 29,i 256 Tehama street, and
Anl N. Beusan. 29. 250 Tehama- street. » '
BIRTHS— MARBIAGES^JEATHS.
' " Birth, marriage and - death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed -with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized . to have the same published.
Boiir.
ELLIGER— In this city, May 22, 1902, to the
wife of Adelbert Elliger, a son.
GOLINSKY— In this city, May 21, 1902, to the
wife of Emll Golinsky, a son.
JANSEN— In this city. May 21, 1902, to the
wife of C. T. Jansen. a daughter.
TVTAiKBIEdT^ ~~^
HANSEN— MORCH— In this city. May 22, 1902,
by' the Rev. Herbert F. Brigga, George M.
Hansen of San Francisco - and Lucena M.
Morch of Osage City. Kans. • '.
¦•:" . ' DIED.
:- Armstrong, Mary A. McFeely, Alphonsus
Bennetts. Lillian ¦ M. McKay, Ellen -
Borchers, Augusta J. Merani, Emilio ¦¦¦'•
Brummund, Win. F. Murphy, Morris
Burt. William J. Rath. Francis J.
Carter, Minnie G. Reynolds, Alice ' r
Currier, Nataline B. Richmond. Jane E. (
Dressier, Wm. De M. Ryan, Lawrence J.
Ganzert. Mary Scammon, Jefferson '
-Garassino, Kate E. Sheridan, Bridget ¦
Graham. Charlotte Silovich, Rosa Z: v
Holcer, Thomas Simpson. Charlotta
Iverson, Eileen Steele. .Margaret S.
Johnson, Walter Thies, Pauline •
Leas, Mabel J. Thorson, Annie I.
McDaid, John J. Ellen -
ARMSTJtONG — In this city. May 22. 1902,
Mary A. Armstrong, beloved mother of
Thomas R. and the late John and Richard
Donahue, a native of County Galway, Ire-
land. > ' ..
K7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 912 Ellis street, thence to St. Mary's
Cathedral, where a requiem high mass will
- be celebrated for the repose of her soul at
9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
BENNETTS— In this city. May 22, 1902, Lil-
lian M., beloved daughter of James V. and
Alary J. Bennetts, and sister of Mabel and
Alice Bennetts, a native of Grass Valley,
ased 22 years.
£7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral- servicps
to-morrow (Sunday), at 10 o'clock, at her
late residence, 10S9A Market street, between
Eleventh and Twelfth. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery.
BORCHERS— In this city, May 22, 1902. Au-
gusta J., dearly beloved wife of Theo. W.
Borchers, mother of Mrs. E. Woenne Jr. and
Herman and. Ferdinand, Borchers, and sister
of Mrs. Louise •• Reinhardt and- Diedrich,
Louis, Emil and Ferdinand Ahlers, - a native
of Oldenburg, Germany, aged 44 years W
months and 24 days. A member of Nord-
deutscher Frauen Verein. .-' • • .- .
Cyp'riends and acquaintances ¦ are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery. • ,
NORDDEUTSCHER Frauen Verein— The of-
ficers and membfers are respectfully requested
to assemble at the parlors of H. F. * Suhr.
& Co.. 1137 Mission street, between Seventh
and Eighth, to-morrow (Sunday), at 12:30
o'clock, to attend the funeral of our late
member, Mrs. Anrusta J. Borchers. By
order MRS. MINNIE IPSEN, President.
MRS. A. PAPE. Secretary.
BRUMMUND— In Oakland, May 23. 1902 at
his residence. C5 Claremont avenue. William
C.. beloved husband of Henrietta Brum-
mund, and father of Emma, Amanda, Frank.
I ? enry ,' rthur a nd Willie Brummund. a na-
tive of Germany, aged 40 years 3 months and
'. d ay s - A member of Temple Lodge No. 11
A. O. U. W. » ., ¦. ' ¦ .',., . '
' CTTrlends and acquaintances are resnect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-moVrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the hall of
.Temple Lodge No; 11, A. O. U. W corner
Fifty-first street and Telegraph avenue
Oakland. Interment Mountain View Ceme-
BURT — In this city, May-23, 1902 at his late
residence, .2817 Mission street, William' J '
beloved husband of Margaret J. Burt late a.
member of Excelsior Lodge No 3io' I o
O. F.; and Excelsior Lodge No. 126 'a" O
-U. W.. a native of Troy.N. Y. (TrO y n
Y..- papers please copy.) \\ ",'¦',
(ETFrienda and acquaintances are resnert-
fully invited to attend, the funeral to-rnorrSw
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from Mission MaaonlT
- T , era P le V 2 ««« Mission street, under the aS 3 -
. pices of Mission Lodge No. 169, F and A
; M.. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery
CARTER— In this city. May 22, 1902 Minnlft
Gertrude, dearly beloved and only daughter
of Jphn E. and Agnes Carter, sister of Frank
Carter, and granddaughter of Ellen and th£
\ late Michael Barry and Frank and Grace
Carter of Grass Valley, a pative of ¦ Sa^
' da"" C ' * year8 10 month3 Md "<)
CURRIER— In this city. May 22. 1902 n.i.
line B.. beloved wife of Colonel John fc Cur"
rier, and mother of Harriet Nataline' Cur
rler,. a native of Rhode Island, aged 50 veari
¦ 9 months and 1 day. years
(CFrienda and acquaintances are re«n«w
fully invited to attend the funeral servfr^
HENRY J. CALLAChSxO^
(S %TnVl 6^ '
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBa'LME'R<?
20 Fifth St., opposite Lincoln School
Telephone South 80. '•
Mt. Olivet CenJeteryi
NEAREST THE CITY. '
Office, 916 Market Street.
Telephone ..Bush 367.' , "-.
KEW FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS
Samuel McFadden, 18 years manager for
the United Undertakers' Association --M ' J
McErearty. with the same company for 10
years; P. F. Green, late with J. c. 'O'Con-
nor & Co.r have opened new Funeral Par-
lors :at-1171 Mission st., between Seventh
and Eighth. Telephone South 44. - -
JAMBS McGINN,
Formerly with McGinn ¦ Bros.. has,.ope'ned
new -Funeral Parlors at 214 Eddy St., bet.:
Taylor and Jones. Telephone South "576.,;-'
TERSOXALS.
VI A VI has been manufactured for over fifteen
jranr; it cured hundreds ol ailins women in
!t« first J'ear and has cured thousands of nuf-
:crers every year since: booklet for mothers
«nd daughters tnaiied free. The- Viavl Co..
?.T04-r>-S Van New ave.; 1 hoae East 282. San
Francisco.
AN element line of remnants for suits to order.
$15; mito these 6ult» we make an extra, t«ilr
rf p«nts free of charjre; other eaits on install-
ments. $1 weekly. L. LKMOS. 1117 Market
tt.. between Seventh and Eighth.
CrCClAL CREDIT STORE^Complete outfit
fi week; ladles* tailor made suits, skirts.
*h:rtwai?ts, trimmed hats: gents' and boys'
tuItF. cvercoats. hatEi-fall. open account at
cur new etore. C, F. ADAMS CO.. 218 Mason.
ELECTRIC light in every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third «t.. near Market: 700 rooms.
-Sc to $1 60 per nipht; $1 60 to $8 per week;
tre* bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
¦*• — V.'HAT do you think? O. HERMAN Ji
Ellis, makes colored shirts to order; $1 each;
tame as white ehlrta; selection 300 pattern*.
VHITE enamel iron beds. e\ng\e three-quarter
or double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton St.. near Broadway.
SENSATIONAL— Book for men; amusing, mys-
tifying, instructive. Two cents for postage ee- '
cures one. Williams & Co.. 140 Geary St.. S.F.
ENGINEERS a.n«i railroad men caa find Car-
t£^i ?v union -m«de overalls at SUMMER-
FIELD & ROMAN'S. Fifth and Market sts.
BASEBALL Schedule Memorandum, Vol. 2,
history greatest game ever played; 10c post-
pald. S. R.- CHURCH. 307 Sansome sL. S. F.
NOW ready— June styles Standard Patterns":
all tne newest designs for summer good*. . J.
W. EVANS, 1021 Market St.. near Sixth.
AT less than cost, uncalled-for eults. overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LXONS'. London
tailor. 721 Market tt.
MONEY loaned at low Interest; gold, silver.
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
*t W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st
LIQUOR habit — A new. cafe and sure cure can
be given without knowledge of patient. Ad-
dretg P. Q. box SS2. San Jose. Cal.
LATEST styles of hair dressing from Paris;
hair work a specialty; hair dressing, any
etyle. 25c G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton st.
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny 6t., near Pine.
FINE SUITS. $10: dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
A — If your hair is falling or you are bald, call on
Dr.G.S.Moore.332 O'Farrell ;send for circular.
SUPERFLUOUS hair, moles, etc. permanently
removed, electric needle. Mrs. Cook. 426 Sutter.
EPANISH lessons and translations. 513 McAl-
lister Bt.
HUPTURE cured; no operation, pain or lost
time. Fidelity Rupture Cure. 26% Kearny.
TAILOR-MADE suits. $7 50; dress pants. $2 60.
Misfit Clothing Parior. cor. Bush and Dupont.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter «t.
ELECTRIC needle epeclallst; superfluous hair
and moleg destroyed. Mra.H.Eaton.427 Sutter.
Mrs. Briggs — Superfluous hair, moles destroyed
by electricity. 1719 Buchanan; tel. Wwt 259.
Masquerade costumes at H. Anderson's, thejit-
rtcal costaaer. 26 O'Farrell; country orders.
Electric & electrle-llght baths, massage, hot air
treatment for rheumatism. etc 233 Geary.r.27.
6UFERFLUOUS hair and moles removed by
electric needle.Dr.&Mrs.TraverBe.ll70 Market.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to its natural color: $1; at all druggist**.
ONE MINUTE TOOTH-ACHE DROPS CURE
Instantly; 10c and 25c. Ail druggists.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
DR LAMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINT. th«
best corn cure. 25c; all drnggirts.
REAJ^JE^TTATE-— g^^^—^Og-*^^:
REAL ESTATE FOR SALE BY
THOMAS MAGEE & SON.
5 MONTGOMERY STREET.
. MEDIUM PRICED INVESTMENTS.
Geary st., near Jones; if remodeled would pay
well; $14,000.
Corner Eddy St.. near Fillmore; large lot; two-
story and basement modern building; strong
enough to stand third story; pays over 7 per
cent net; $16,500.
NW. corner near Bush and Jones sta.; large lot;
good residence. N
NE. corner flats; rents $2100 per year; will pay
over S per cent net and always rented: build-
ing one year old; only 3 tenants; $22,500. •
WESTERN ADDITION AND OTHER BUILD-
ING LOTS.
Scott st. lot. near Oak; suitable for residence;
37:0x100; only $4500.
Leaven worth St.; 50x60: for $4000. •
Jones-st. lets close to town and cars as well;
24:6 or 33 front by 128 to 137:6 deep.
frjdOO — Lyon-st. cars close; street all built up;
street work done.
Bush St.. west of Buchanan; 34x137:6; fine lot
for 3 choice fiats.
Oak st.. near Fillmore: good lot for residence
or flats; 25x137:6; $3750.
$4000— McAllister st.; 25x100; splendid lot for 3
fine flats. .
Pierce-st. lot, near McAllister; 37:6x130; $4000;
street work done.
Webster st., near Golden Gate; good lot for 2
flats and v.-ould pay well; street work all
done.
Tage-st. lots, between Webster and Fillmore;'
25 or 26x137:6; $3750.
Green st.. north side; 25x137:0; fine residence
lot: rood view.
Large lot on Shrader and Waller sts. for builder
to handle.
Fulton St.. facing the Park, north side; 25r
137:6; $1600.
Fillmore, just north of Union; lots 24x100; easy ;
terms: Fillmore, from Union to the bay; will
be business street-
Filbert st.. near Webster; a cheap 25-foot lot.
Union st.. north side; cable cars pass; 32:6x
1.17:6; $2450; 2 lots. $2000; Greenwich St.;
37:6x137:6.
Boutn Brodcrick st. : 25x121 ; only $800.
Magnificent view, not to be shut out; Buena
Vista ave.; 25x125. $2000; 1% blocks south of
Haig-ht St.. facing Buena Vista Park.
Cr«-enwich St. lots. $10U0 each, near Baker, 25x
307:6; or any bire at $40 a foot.
THOS. MAGEE & SON.-
o Montgomery tt.
P.EAL ESTATE FOR SALE
BY C. S. CAPP £*"CO..
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
630 Market Street.
OTarrell. between Polk and Van Ness — Lot
2T:<Jxl20 to rear street, with .4 bouses; well
rented.
Pierce and California — Dov.ble corner. 50x120,
Tvith six neat modern houses; well rented.
Alpine, near 14th — Lot 25x100; fine view.
'"alifomia Ft., near Walnut — Cars pass; two
home?, C rooms and bath and 4 rooms and
l.-ath: 45 feet of frontage.
Gtary ft., opposite Hamilton square — House,
2 Ftorif-f-. 7 rooms and bath; lot 22:6x82:6.
Eureka St., between 17th and 18th — Lot 50x
120. with one-story cottage, 7 rooms and bath
and Ftablo; ?4000.
Eureka Ft., between I7th and 18th — 3 flats. 7
end S rooms and bath and 4 rooms and bath*
yeooo.
Golden Gate ave.. between Pierce and Scott
3-Ftory bay-window house, 10 rooms and bath.
McAllister st.. between Pierce and Scott
Fine lot, 25x137:6.
Several cheap cottages at the Mission, near
Castro st.; easy terms If desired.
• Sanchez, between 16th and 17th — Lot 25x100.
Turk, between Buchanan and Webster — Lot
Sxxl20, with Kix houses and flats: all rented.
Folpom, between 3d and 4th — Large lo*.; old
improvements; rents $100; suitable for a hotel
or factory. '.,¦"," - e
Fine residence in Oakland, overlooking Lake
Ucrrltt — Mafrnificent view and large lot; for
eaie or trade for city property.
J'wo lots In HoIIaday Map A cheap.
Fanchez. bet. 14lh and 15th — 25 or 50x100.
Cheap lots in Kernal Homestead; $10 per
Jrom foot; near Mission road.
G< !den Gate ave.. bet. Baker ard Lyon — Cot-
taps, 7 rooms and bath; lot 25x137:6.
BIDS are wpr.ted for the purchase of the St.
John'* Presbyterian Church property, 6itu-
»t»"i at the Eoutheaet corner of California and
Octavia sts. The lot fronts 68:8 on California
t-:t. and 137 :C on Octavia. The building cov-
ers nearly the entire lot and contains an or-
Kar. -R-hioh cost aJxrut $7000. pews, pulpit fur-
niture, carpets, chairs, gas fixtures, mantels,
two hecting plants, etc. Neither the art
' plass windows, table in front of pulpit.
. piRncs, tmall organs, tables In Sabbath school
portion, books, bookcases , nor music are in-
cluded. The bids may be for the purchase of
the property as a whole or of any portion of
It. real cr personal, separately. The right is
reserved to accept any or to reject all th»
M(5«. nids will be received at the office of
MrDougtilI Brothers, architect*., rooms 61-62.
:530 Pine et.. San Francisco, up to 2 o'clock
p. m. on Monday. June 23. 1902. For any
further information apply at the above- ad-
drets.
f^jf-O — TO prevent foreclosure, at a sacrifice;
- lot 25xf*0; improvements two-story house of
X rooms on Fillmore 6t.. near corner of
Kstffht. Apply R. McCOLGAN. 24 Mont-
gomery St.. room 3. -, \ ¦:¦_ - 1 ;
S SUNNY rooms and bath; hot and cold water
end gas (furnished) and occupied; wishes to
sell Immediately: a good chance to whoever
It wl!l eult; will be 6"ld cheap. 174 Perry Ft.
HOUSES — New and up-to-date; if you are look- I
ing fcr something nice, containing 7 to 8
rooms; Caetro and 20th sU. ; good view of
city. Apply on premises.
SACRIFICE — House of 8 rooms, $1400; terms
time as "ayirz , rent. Apply-*- SE. corner
Alabama and Montclam.
A SNAP — Cottage of 4 rooms: modern improve-
ment*; terms same a* paying rent. Corner
tt- twtll and Stcncman Fts. 1 \ ' .
¦ ¦-- RAILWAY TBAVEH
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
¦ Traiu-t leave aiitl are due to arrive at
• SAN FUANCIsGO.
(Main Line, foot of Market Street )
m?i — Fhom April 20. 1903. — amsit»
7.00a Lenici.o, Sulsun, Elmlra aad Sacra-
- mcnti ,.;.. 6.55?
7.00a Vacavllle, 'Winters, Rmnsey... 7.55*
7.30a Martinez. -San ..Ramon, Vallejo, ,• -
- Napa. Ca!!sto?:a. Santa Rosa. 625f
-8.00a Da vis. Woodland. Knights Landing. «,
Marysvllle, Orovllle , 7-55F
8-OOa Atlantic Kxpres»T-O?den and East. 8.25a
, 8.00a Nlles, Lalhrop, Stockton ...... 725p
8.00 a >'iles. Mend ota, Hanford, Vlsalla,
/ -. - Porter«Jlle .„. 4-55r
8.30a Shasta Eipress — Darls, Williams
:..- (for Bartlett Springs), TVUlows,
Ked Bias, Portland........ ;. 7-55*
8-30a San Jose, .Litcrmore. 1 Stoclcton, - ;
' lone. Sacramento. .Placenrtlle,
Marysrlile. Chic<>, Bed Bluff 4.25*
8.30* Oakdale,Cu!nese,Sunora,Tuoluinne 4.25*
9.00a Vallejo- , 12.25*
9.00a Los Angeles Express — Martinez, -..--
Tracy, Lsthrop.StocStoii,MerceiI.
, K»ymoad,Fre8noandLosAnjreles 8.25a
9.30a Vallejo. Martinez and Way SUtlons 7.65*
t10.00A Haywarci. Nilea and Way SUtloos.t12.55P
IOCOa The Overland Limited — Ogden,
Denfer, Omaha, Chicago. 5-25*
ft.OOP Sacramento River Steamer* tH.OO*
3.00r Beoicia, Winters;- Sacramento,
Woodland. Knights Landing.
Marysville. Orovllle 10 55a
3-30r Harward,Xlles and Way Stations.. 7-65*
4-OOf Martlnex,San Ramon. ValieJo^Xana, ¦•
CaUitoga, Santa Koaa §-"&*
Ntles, LtTermore, Stockton. Jjodt.. 12.25*
4.30P Hayward,Nlles,SanJo»e,LlTennore t355A
4.30* The Owl Llmltrd— Fresao, Tulare, -
Bakersdeld, Sangns for Santo
Barbara, Los Angeles.... 8.55a
5-00f Port CostvTracy.Latarop.Stockton 1025a
5-OOr Marttnes. Antloch. Stockton, Mer-
ced. Raymond, Fresno..:. 12-25*
t5.30* Xlles Local 725a
6.00r Hsyward.X lies and San Joee 7.55a
tS.OO* Vallejo 1125a.
. 6.00* Oriental Mail— Osjden. Denver,
Omaha, St. Louis, Chicago 425*
7.00? San Pablo, Port Costa, Martinez
. and Way Stations. 11.25a
J7.00* Vallejo 755*
8 05* Oregon A California Express— Sao- - .: , < .T7
.J.;-.*!--- ramento, Marysville, Reddlas,
' i Portland, Puget Sound and East. 8.55a
$9.10* Haywardand Slle* m.55A
- COAST LINE (Sarrow Uaage).
¦ (Foot of Market Stre«t.)
17.45a Santa Cruz Excursion ;3.C5*
8.1 5a Newark, Centerrille. San Jose, > v->-
Felton, Boulder Creek, S«nU
Cruz and Way Stations 5 50*
t2-15? Xewarlc, Centerrllle. San. Jose.
•;-•* '¦ Kew Almaden. Felton, Bonlder
¦¦:..¦ i • Creek. Santa Crux and Principal
Way Stations IS-lg*
4.15* Xewark, San Jose, Los Gatos 1?-!?2*
M.16* San Jose. Los Gacoa. Santa. Crnz... c8-50a
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAN FKA>' CISCO, Foot of Market St. (Slip S)
— n:13 9:00 11:00 A.M. 1.00 '3 00 5.15 PJ«.
From OAJKLAND, Foot of Broadway — t6:C0 J3:C0
t3:03 13:00 a.m. 12 00 2 CO . 4-CO *.*.
COAST LINE (Brwd eangej.
(Third ana Townsend Streets.)
6.10a San Jose and Way Stations. S - 4 3 A
t7.00A San Jose and Way Station*.... t8 -92*
7.00a New Almaden.. ¦/i'lP'
17.15 a. Monterey Excursion J8.S0*
8.00a Coast Line Limited — San Jose.
Giiroy, Salinas, San Luis Oblspo.
Santa Barbara. Lo» Angeles and
Principal Intermediate Stations. 10 43*
1 9-COa San Jose, Tres P\aoa, Santa Cruz. ,..'*::
Paciflc GroTe. Salinaa, San Lnla
Oblspo and Principal Intermedi-
ate Stations 4-IQr
10.30a San Joae and Way Stations 8.38a
11.30a San Jose and ITay Stations S*2*
<z1.30r San Jose and Way Stations o7.00»
t2 45* San Mateo, Kedwood, Palo Alto.
Santa Clara, San Jose, Tres
Pino*. Santa Craz, Salinas, Del
Monte, Monterey and Pacific
Grove ..,. ...t10.45*
3.30* San Jose. Dei Monte, Pacinc Grove, •
SanU Cruz and Way Stations '.30*
t4.13* San Jose and PrinclpalWay Stations 5-30*
t500* San Jose. Los Gatos and Principal • •»¦
WayStatlons t9-C0A
5.30p' San Jose aad PrinclpalWay Stations |-|tt*
6.30* San Jose and Way Stations..: IXBr
' 7.00* New Orleans Espress — San Lois
Oblspo, Santa, Barbara, Lo» An- , :
geles, Detnlnc, El Paso, New ¦
Orleans and East 10.30*
g11.45l» San Jose and WayStatlons
AforMorninR. p for Afternooa.
• t Sunday eseepieO. t Sunday only,
a Saturday only. . « Monday otilr. -_
- » Saturday and /Tuesday and Friday.
Sunday oaly.
URAL ESTATE COU\TRY— VTor Snip
$1770 — A FINE home's of SV> acres, fruit and
poultry farm, at Ukiah; good climate, good
'water: 3 acres In Iruit. 4 in grain: 'nice G-
room cottace, store and wood .house, horse
barn, cow barn, poultry buildincs and yards;
all in fine condition: paying well; includes
. new farming toola. tofr buggy and poultry: a.
liareain. ROTHERMEL &. MERRELL, 507
: California -et. ••¦
GOqf> -opportunity to secure a fine country '
home. *£ mile from Sonoma; 32^i acres all !
improved in graphs. Iruit, hay. igraln. eto. ;
everything to go with the place: will b« foM
at a bargain to close estate. For full par-
ticulars apply lo owners,' M. JOOST & BRO.
t;OG to 018 Gough st., San Francisco. Cal.
FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO
fcr.iall tracts. $C0 to $90 per acre, on -Rancho
Cctati. Sonoma Co.; future value assured, as
Ean Francisco Is growing' rapidly; location
' best tor poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cctati Co.. 302 California St.. - for
pamphlets and Information.
FARMS, ranches, city and suburban property
fcr sale and exchange; unimproved lands In
large and small tracts In Alameda. San Joa-
quln and other counties. Write for our print-
ed list. HEALEY & CARR, Realty and Min-
ing Co.. 713 Market, r. 406; tel. James 4121.
IFOR SALE — Small chicken ranch; fine; fully
equipped: within % mile of Sonoma; must
st II : cheap for cash. . Write to C. R. WIN-
FIELD, Sonoma. Cal.
SANTA CLARA County: 4-room house; lot 212
x25S; 1 cow; 1 horse and wagon; SO pigs;
250 chickens, all sizes; 100 -laying hens; all
for $1500. A. C. BERGER, Gilroy, Cal.
Eanta Clara Valley. San Jose and Peninsular
properties. See WOOSTER. WHITTON A
MONTGOMERY, 634 Market. S. F.. & San J.
COLONY tracts, estates, ranches, ranges, tim-
ber. mines. KMMON'S & SON. Mills blrtg.
REAL ESTATE WANTED.
WANTED — Berkeley real estate for cash; make
the price catch my money. Y. E. N., box
44S. Call office. -.^-:r ,
WANTED — To rent small milk ranch; good 16-
cation: or poultry. Box 449, Call office.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAfi ESTATE.
$3250— »A VERY pretty cottage of 6 rooms and
bath in the Daley Scenic Park; large lot;
fine view; a bargain. JOS. J. MASON; Real
Estate, Berkeley Station.
COTTAGE — 8 rooms, modern convenience, bath,
etc.; easy payments. MURDOCK. 514 Pine.
Mill Valley Advertisements.
BULL VALLEY REAL ESTATE.
HOUSE, 5 rooms and bath, unfurnished, up-
stairs, 3 rooms below; in fine condition; sun
all day; large lot; stable, fruit trees; fine
place for chickens; 5 minutes to depot: $17 50
per month' by the year. S. H. ROBERTS,
Real Estate. Mill Valley. CaL
2 UNFURNISHED houses, one 5 rooms, one 3
rooms; glass porch; stable below; lot 100x200;
near the Cascades; suitable for hotel pur-
poses; sunny: to rent by the season or year.
S. H. ROBERTS. Mill Valley. Cal.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY.
OAIvLAXD REAL ESTATE.
FOR rent — Unfurnished large 8-room residence,
in Eart Oakland; situated on the lake shore;
beautiful garden, 80x150; rent reasonable to
right party. Inquire of B. H. WELCH &
CO.. Fifth ave. and East Eighteenth st.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE good and cheap this month. H.
ECHELLHAAB. 408 Eleventh st. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
ARIEL and eclar flats. 525-53i"Turk^Hot"and
cold water baths, electric light* free; fur-
nished or unfur. ; tel. East 312," Sutter 41.
BELL (The). 1773 Market — Sunny suites, with
kitchen, gas or coal stove. $12 to $20.
CLAY,' 1446 — Two connecting rooms furnished
complete for hopsekeeplng; select locality;
marine view; no bill. .
EDDY. 207 — 2 nicely furnished sunny house-
keeping rooms; gas or coal stove; $16 month.'
EDDY, 468 — Housekeeping- rooms; water free;
-fine -accommodation g. - .-^r—t :¦•:•-•: .¦---.-¦-.¦ -. - .
FOLSOM. 834— Bay-window, and kitchen, bath;
also three furnished ; separate or all together.
FOURTEENTH, 485. nr. Guerrero — Newly fur-
nished rooms for housekeeping; single room.
HAYES. 136. corner Van " Ness ave. — Large
sunny room; rent $9.
HAYES. 526 — Sunny parlor floor. 3 fo 6 rooms;
bath, gas. phone; rent cheap; clean and hew.
HOWARD. 2381— Two sunny" well furnished
rooms v.-ith storage rooms, etc.- $10.
McALLISTER, 536— Large sunny furnished
parlor; gas range; complete for housekeeping;
MISSION. 862. near Fifth— Sunny bay-window
furnished housekeeping suite; gas stove; ?18.
N ATOM A. 217 — Neat, large sunny housekeep-
ing room, gas. closets, baths, stove; for two
nice ladles or respectable workingman and
his wife f ¦
NINETEENTH. 3439. bet. Mission and Valen-
cia — Two large sunny rooms, for light hkpg.
furnished; bath and nice yard; rent rea able!
CCTAVIA, 1403, cor. Geary— Large bay-win-
dow, with gas stove, $10; front room, $7.
ETE1I*ER. 1325. corner Ellis— Two large sun-
ny corner rooms: modern conveniences; gas
stove, etc.; $1« per month.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 22Q0 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been ' established at 103i;
Valencia st.
ROOMS TO L ' i E ' r — Furn. and I'nforn.
ARGYLE Hotel, ZzlTu^illsuT—^w^TlesIni',
sunny; 75c day upward; McAllister cars to
* door; handsomest grin room- In California.
A— BRUNSWICK' House. 148 Sixth— Rooms.
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to. $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
A— EDINBURGH. 239 Powell, corner Geary—
Sunny rme. ; single, double; mod. conven'ces.
ALL choice r.eat sunny suites or singles; day,
week or month; bath; phone. 332 Stockton.
BURNETT. 1428 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
. nlshed rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH, 1C1O%— Nice large furnished room;
suitable for two gentlemen; $8 month.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason — Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
FJ3DY, 3— Sunny furnished rooms, $1 50 up
week. . . • :¦'•>¦
ELLIS. 321 (Mozart)— Nicely rum. rooms. 35c.
• $1 SO night; $1 50.' $C- week: open all night.
ELLIS,,. 653 — E4«gant parlor -suite; new mod-
ern house with phone; also housekpg . suite.
FIRST, 307— Flat. -8 sunny, rooms, half, fur-
nlehed; Rincon Hill; snap; rent $12 month.
GEARY. 405 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnish-
ed suites and single: travelers accommodated.
Grand Southern. -7th & Mission— Rooms 35c to.
-. $1 CO. night: $175 to $5 week; reading room.
O'FARRELL. 20 — Eunny furnished rooms and
offices: elevator; elec. lights;' day, week, mo.
POST, C36 — Large front room; 'running water,
•gas, bath, phone; ¦other' rooms;. $8 to $10.
ROYAL House. 12C Ellis— Incandescent light,"
reading-rcom, smoking-room and ladies' par-
. )er: rooms, per night. 35c to $1 50; week. $2
lo $8; month. SS to $30; elevator on. ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SAN CARLOS ave.. 264— Sunny front room,
suitable for lady; phone; bath; priv. family.
SHERMAN - Apartment House. 28 Eighth st,
near Market— Furnished; also 3 unfurnished.
SUNNY bay-window rooms two blocks from
Call office. Address box 109. Call, office.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at lfc'tf
Valencia *?¦ . . • , -
ROOMS AND BOARD.
CORBIN, The.S36 Sutter-st.. corner Leaven-
worth — Nicely furnished rooms; single and
suits; all Fur.ny, table first clais.
THE McALLISTER. r.(i3 Van Ness ave.: Just
opc-ned, elegantly furnished ruit cr single
rooms, with or without bath; references.
CALIFORNIA. S07 (Stevenson Mansion) — Select
family hotel; exceptional table; popular rates.
"HEATH." 312 Eddy Bt.— Select family hotel;
exceptional table: popular prices. ¦,'¦
VAN NESS. 519— Handsome furnished sunny
suites; single- rooms; first-class table board.
IRVINGDALE, C20 Eddy— Sunny rooms,, en
' tiuite cr.single: good. table; reasonable. * -
LAMBOURKE. 420 Eddy— High-class, houae;
furnlfhed s»jlte« or single: Kteam heat.
ROOMS : AV ANTED.
1 LARGE or 2, smaller unfurnished roo— 9 for
housekeeping; reasonable. Box 425, t\1r,. .
.William -Wolf (owner) with ? William Hclbins
(contractor). * architects Rousseau &. Son — All
work ' except mantels.' gas and \ electric fixtures
and.sh-ides for. three three-story and basement
franr* buildings, containing six -flats in -corner
building and three flats in each other building
on ?\V corner of Fulton and Buchanan streets,
S 87 :C by W S4. W. A. 284; $21,500. ...
August Mausshardt (owner) .with O- R- Me-
Gee and W. N. Canfteld (contractors), architect
Thro W. Leczen — All work except plumbing
and painting for a ons-and-a-half-story frame
building ¦ with concrete foundation on E line
of Eighteenth avenue 175 S of H street, S 23
by E 120. O. L. 656; S2210. : ¦ . ¦
Same owner with Thomas Day's Sons (con-
tractors), architect same — Carpentry, . glass,
galvanized iron and " rooflns." painting, -whlte-
v/nchlng, etc., for same on Fame; $4»97.
James Denman (owner) with J. W. Miller
(contractor), architect H. H. Meyers— Brick
and Iron work. • cementing: and .• repairs to ex-
isting work for a two-rtory brick building on
SWlfne of Spear street, 229:2 NW of Howard,
NW 137:6 by SW 137:6; $343S.' • ¦ -^ "• •
(contractors), architect Albert Sutton — Brick,
cement, terra .cotta, iron ami steel : work ana
grading for .a. five-story and basement' brick
apartment house on N line of Pine street, 137 :S
E of Hyde. E 75 by N 137:6; 554.905.
• |ty Friends and acquaintances are respect-
! '¦' fully irivfted to attend the funeral to-morrow
. (Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from; her late
- residence, • 969 Lombard street, between Jones
" and Leavenwortli. Interment Mount .Olivet
'Cemetery. . i*
,THQRS0N— In this city. May , 23, 1902, Annie
,.1'la, beloved. wife qf. John Thorson, and aunt
of Thomas, John and Josle Doyle, a native
' : pf Ireland, aced 40; years 10 months and 21
1 'days. . -; - - ¦¦ ¦'-.-..'..
WILLIAMS— In this city. May 21,. 1902. Ellen,
beloved wife of, the late Frank J. Williams,
.daughter of Mary and the late Joseph Mona-
han.. and. sister of John Monahan, a native
V of "San Francisco. ¦•--. ¦ ...
/ . Ity Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend ' the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 9 o'clock, from her Jate resl-
, dence, 159 Clara street, ¦ thence . to St. Pat-
- rick's Church, where a. requiem high mass
will ' be celebrated for the repose of her soul
at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery. ¦ ; ., .v . . -^
OFFICERS and Members of Redwood Circle
: rNo.r72, Women of Woodcraft: :.You are here-
' -.by notified that the unveiling . of , the monu-
v ment Of.' our late neighbor, Mrs." 5 Mary S;
:.,Myers," wtll take place Sunday, . May 25.' at
Mount Olivet Cemetery, ' at 2 o'clock. Neigh-
bors and friends are invited to attend.
. -.. •- MRS. : M. E.. McMAHON.^1- ,
¦ . , ~ T Guardian Neighbor.
IDTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
• fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
. (Sunday),, at 2:30 o'clock, from the. parlors
•:.of H.. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street,
between Seventh and Eighth. .Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery.
STEELE— In this city. May 23, 1902, Mar-
garet S. Steele, beloved daughter of Hugh
and- Barbara Steele, -and sister of Flora
Steele, a native of ¦ San Francisco, at;ed 1
years 1 month and 10 days.
" ICTFi-lenda and; acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
M (Sunday), at 12 o'clock-.- from her late resi-
dence, 613 Wisconsin street. Interment Cy-
preEs Lawn Cemetery.
THIES— In • this city. May 23. 1902, . Pauline,
Nearly beloved wife of Otto Thies, a native
• \,i San Francisco, aged 27 years 11 months
'and>7 days. ¦¦ ¦¦:-:<•¦• . >• ¦.-,;;-<
C?"Friends ere respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral to-day (Saturday), at
1:30 o'clock, from the' funeral parlors of
Bunker & Lunt, 2066 Mission street, between
Twenty-second - and Twenty-third, Mission
Masonic Temple. Interment Mount Olivet
...Cemetery: .-¦.-. •
SHERIDAN— In this city. May 23, 1902, Brid-
¦ get, beloved wife of the late Charles Sheri-
dan, - and loving mother of- Christopher, Pat-
-rick. ' Mareraret and- James Sheridan. Mrs. B.
• McGuire, Mrs. Z. Smith and Mrs. F. Smith,
a native of County ¦ Loneford, Ireland.
SILO VICH— Rosa Zoe Silovich. beloved wife of
Captain J. Silovich. and ¦ mother of the late
Mabel Ena Silovich and Marietta ' Zoe Silo-
' vich, a native of Mayfleld, Santa Clara
County, Cal., aged 35 years 8 months and 17
days.
SIMPSON— In this -city. May, .23. 1902. Char-
lotta A. Simpson, dearly beloved wife of
George : L. Simpson, daughter of Mrs. Jo-
hanna ~ pieser, and sister of Mrs.' Augusta
! Schneider, Fred and the late George Humke,
. Mra. Th. Luetje and Oscar and 'Julius Die-
eer, a native of Chicago, 111., ased 35 years
5 months and 5 ~ days. (Chicago, 111., and
Eureka. Humboldt County, Cal., papers
please copy.)
. CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully, invited to attend the funeral Saturday
-morning, ; Jrfay 24, 1902, at 8:30 o'clock, from
tife mortuary chat>«i*«f the-Qolden Gate-Un-
' . def taking Company." 2475 Mission street, neur
Twenty-first, thence ' to St. Paul's - Church,
corner Twenty-ninth . and • Church j streets,
where a requiem mass 'will be celebrated for
the repose of his soul. ' Interment Holy Cross
Cemeterv. , . - ' j ;•'
RATH— In this city. May 23. 1902, Francis
Joseph, dearly beloved son of Frank J. and
Anna M. Rath." and brother of Raymond J.,
. Gertrude R. and Lucile M. Rath, a native of
. San . Francisco, aged 4 years 7 months and 4
" days. ¦ " " :,;'"". ¦ -
REYNOLDS— In Alameda, May 22, 1902, Alice,
. beloved .wife of Ralph, and mother of Verna
May Reynolds, a native of California, aged
.24 yeiars. , ¦ ¦
RICHMOND— In Oakland, May 22, 1902, Jane
' E-, wife ; o" H. D." Richmond, a native of
New York State, aged 44 years 10 months
and 13 days.- ;
RYAN — In the City and County Hospital, May
22, 1902, . Lawrence J. Ryan, a native of
Ireland, aired 59 years.
SCAMMON — In this city. May 22. 1902, Jeffer-
¦ son H.,- beloved husband of Anna Scammon,
arid father of Leland S. Scammon, ' a native
of Maine, aged 70 years 8 months and 19
.days. ¦"• ¦ ¦ -,•-. ¦¦ ¦ ¦ •
EyThe funeral will take place to-day
(Saturday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 525 Green street. Interment New
Italian Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
MURPHY— May 21. 1902, Morris Murphy, be-
loved -husband of. Julia Murphy, father of
Margaret and Edward Murphy, and brother
' ; of. Mrs. Nellie. Withfleld, a native of New
''York,- aged 34 years. . : . • . -
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 875 Bryant street, thence to St.
Rose's Church,' where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the .repose of her soul,
commencins at 9 o'clock. - Interment Holy
Cioe« Cemetery. , *
MERANI— In this city. May 21, 1902, Emilio
Merani, beloved son of Lazzaro and Giulia
Merani, and brother of Mrs. Enerichetta Fer-
rea, Mrs. Mary Cervelli and Joseph Merani,
a native of Italy, aged 48 years.
|C?" Friends and members of SaiT Francisco
Typographical Union No. 21 are respect-
fully Invited- to attend the funeral Sunday,
May 25, at 1 o'clock, from the undertaking
parlors of N. Gray & Co., 641 Sacramento
street, near Kearny, thence to St. Mary's
Church, corner California and Dupont streets,
, for ' services. • Interment ' Holy Cross Ceme-
tery- • ¦ -. ' - . ¦ •
McFEELY— In this city, May 22. 1902, Al-
phonsus Joseph, dearly beloved son of
Charles and Mary A. McFeely, brother of
Grace, J. Harold, Charles and Kathryn Mc-
Feely, and grandson of Michael and the late
Kathryn Ly don and John and Grace Mc-
. Feeljv a native., of San Francisco, aged 1
year 9 months and 20 days. .
CyThe funeral will take place ' to-day
(Saturday), at 10 o'clocK, from the residence
of the parents. 556 Lombard street. Inter-
ment Holy Cross . Cemetery. ..
McKAY— In this city, May 22, " 1902. Ellen,
beloved wife of Robert McKay, a native of
County Waterford, Ireland, aged 70 years.
,1 (CyFrlends , are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services Saturday, at 10:30
. o'clock, from .her late, residence, Sausalito.
.';¦ Interment private; •"' Cypress Lawn -Cemetery.
HOLCER,— In the City and County Hospital.
-.' May .22; 1902." Thomas ' Holcer, ¦ a native of
¦ . Connecticut, asred 20 years. .
IVERSON— In I this city. May 23, 1902, Eileen,
dearly . beloved daughter of Q. C. and Nora
Iverson, a native of San Francisco, aged 1
month and 19 days.
JOHNSQN— Drowned, . " May. ,6, '. 1902, Walter
Johnson, dearly beloved son of William E.
and Annie M. Johnson, a. native of San
.Francisco, aged 19 years 2 • months and 13
'. days: ',-.' . . •¦ .-•..;¦.':.. r
LEAS— In this city, ' May 22, 1902, Mabel J.,
beloved wife of J. Stuart. Leas, and daugh-
. ter of Mrs. J. Sabiston and the late Captain
.; John Sablston, a native of Victoria, B. C,
aged 23. years 7 months and 19 days.
McDAID— In .this city, May 23, 1902, John J.,
beloved son of the late John and Angeline
•McDaid, and brother of James J., 1 William
and Maggie ' McDaid and Mrs. John B.
Thomas, a native of Yuba County, Cal.,
• aged 37 years and 10 months. A 1 member of
San Francisco Typographical Union No. "21.
. ¦ (Cy"Frtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday),",at 10 o'clock; from her late resi-
v . dence. 194 Farragut street, between Wyo-
ming and' Huron, Ocean View, thence to St.
Michael's Church. Ocean View, where a high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
. spill, commencing -at- 10:30' o'clock, thence
leaving church at 1 o'clock for Interment at
Holy^Cross Cemetery. . . '¦.:•%; *
GRAHAM— In Sausalito, May 22, 1902. Char-
lotte C, wife of the late Robert : J. Graham,
and mother of Mrs. William B. Fielding,
. Mrs. Lewis H. Sage and John N. and Robert
J. Graham, a native of West Troy, N. Y..
' ared .' 39 years. ¦•'*.'¦
.'GTFriends and acquaintances ' are . respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at.'9:45 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 40S Twenty-second avenue, ¦ corner of
Point Lobos, thence- to . Star of the Sea
1 ¦ Church ¦ f or =• services. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
GARASSINO— In Ocean View. May 22, 1902.
Kate Eleanor, dearly , beloved daughter of
the late Stephen and Benedetta Garassino,
¦ and loving sister of Nicholas, John, Pauline,
Frank and Dominic Garassino, Mrs. Lizzie
v Dondero, Mrs. Louise de Martini, Mrs. Clara
Binstfcca and the late Mary Garassino, a ha-
I ; tive ( of San Francisco,' aged 29 years 2
months and 16 days.
ICTFriends and acquaintances may see the
remains at the home of -W. -F., BoKart,- 8S8
¦ -Halght street. Funeral services will be held
at -this steps of the chapel in Odd -Fel-
lows' Cemetery, to-morrow (Sunday), at 12:30
o'clock. All his friends "are invited to at-
tends the' services. ; * . ¦ . -. • . ;
GANZERT— In this city. May 23, 1902. Mary,
- dearly beloved wife of . Herman - Ganzert,
¦ daughter .of George and Rose Meehan, :and
j sister -of Mrc.' Charles Ganzert; ; Mrs. Joseph
a Dwyer, Mrs. Ed Clark 'and Andrew, James,
Michael, Patrick and George Meehan, a na-
tive of County Donegal, Ireland, aged 31
years. ¦ • v ¦ ' ' ' •¦¦ .-
Monday, May 20, 1902, at 11 o'clock, at her
late residence, 1804 ¦ .Broadway, between
Gougb 'and Octavia. Interment Mountain
View Cemetery, Oakland, by 1 _o' clock creek
route boat. • '' - ' ;
DRESSLER--In this city. May 23, 1902, Wil-
5 Ham De Mott Dressier, a native of Michigan.
. William and Charlotte Jones to -Henry D.
and Armandine L. Harnlsh. lot on N line of
West - Twelfth . street- (recognized* since widen-
ing). 30 . W from Campbell. "VV 40 by N 110
block 1. Plat of Tract M3, Oakland; $10.
James F. and Mary H. Wiggins to Halla D
Hubbard (wife of B. S.). lot on SE corner of
Santa Rosa avenue- and Vernon street, S 40 by
B 132. lot;17. -block B, Stanford -Tract, Oak-
land : $10., -"-. '¦¦¦ . • ;• ". ' . . •-Vi,
Howard, Frank B. nnd. Herbert A. Bishop
(trustees) to William Oscar Jameson, lot on S
line of Mattie avenue. 399. 4»-\V. from -its inter-
section 'with E boundary line of block F W
40, S 178.40, E 40. N 177.36. lot 7.. block F. Map
of Parsons' Golden Gate Tract. .Oakland; $10
Edward P. Flint (widower) to Christopher M
Cook. : lot on SW line of Santa Clara « avenue
279.17 SF. from Oakland. SE 40. SW 111 54
NW • 38.90, NE 106.47... block 'J, Map of Fiint
Tract Nor 4. Oakland: S10. . \\ • ;i
-Sclpion Vieux (single) to Aime Dauphin (sin-
gle), undivided half, Interest Ii'- following: Lot
on NE line' of Vermont street. 500 SE of
Laurel avenue. NE 100. SE .108. to center of
creek S. and SW along center of same to NE
lino of Vermont street. NW 08:5. lots 29 to 31
block R. map Laurel -Grove Park,. Brocklyn
Township^$10. ,¦¦' ' - > •-.-•¦;¦¦" ¦¦ .'
Builders' Contracts.
Associated Property Owners of . San Francis-
co (a corporation) with . H. »H. ; Larseri ' & Bros.
Arthur P. and Lettie W. Holland to Frank
H. Avers (sinerle), lot on SW corner of Thir-
teenth and Oak Ptreets. W 40 by S 100 lot 163
Kellersberger's Map, Oakland; $10. '. ¦ .
1 , William P. and Alice F. Torld (wife) to Wal-
ter B. Cope, lot on E line of Everett street 198
S r from' Lincoln -avenue. S 74.10 by E 116 8:?
portion (so called) Folfy Tract. Alameda; sub-
ject to mortgage of $700; $10." ¦¦¦---./ -¦
David and Mary Bftrnlee Morris to Thomas
A. Davies. lot on W line of Broadway. 315 » N
from Santa Clara avenue. N 40 bv -W 140 2
block 2. Map of part of Hays and ': Caperton
property in Town of Alameda. Alameda ; $10.
¦ Thomas : A. : Davies to "Bertha Hedges Davies
(wife), same, Alameda; Rift. ¦
• George Golder. Charlotte M. Harding, Annie
Burchmore Barrett, Lizzie Colburn Childs
Charles Colburn. Frank - Burchmore, •' Lotti*
Burchmore Parker (by" George. W.' Halght
their attorney) to-Bathsheba Harding, all-inter-
est In lot on NE corner of Alameda avenue and
Willow street, N ; 150 by E 50, Alameda ; S10.
Herman' and Mrs. Herman or Caroline Till-
manns (wife) to Nancy M. Hull (married) lot
on N line of Davis street. ]!)5 E from Peralta
avenue, E 35. N 127.64, W 35, S 127.39, lot' 66,
Map Gallndo Tract. Brooklyn Township;"$10 *
Nancy M. and Octavlus H. Hull to Charles
L. and 'Kittle N. Adams (wife), same, Brook-
lyn Township: $10.
-Octavlus H. Hull to same, same, Brooklyn
Township; $10. . . . ¦ ¦ . ;
Francis and Sarah A. Cutting (wrfe) to Fred
P. and Mary Elizabeth Cutting, lot on E line of
Harrison street, 156 N from Durant, N 82 by
E 125. Oakland; gift. . . *
William ,Davls to Puget Sound Lumber Com-
pany (corporation), lot on SW corner of Pa-
cific avenue and Stanton streets, S 99.96 W
50. N 99.96. E 50.28. lots 14 and 15, block F,
map of Powers . Tract, Alameda, quitclaim
deed; $10. -
Rebecca and M. L. Wurts to Gerald E. Gog-
gin, lot on N line of San Jose avenue 200 W
of Willow \ street, W 50 by N 150 block M
land adjacent to Encinal, Alameda;. $10
Delia M. and Thomas Sweetman to Johanna
Stehle. land beginning at point of. Intersection
of the NW line of right of way of California
Railway Company with line dividing lots 10
and 11. thence NE 237.70 to SW line of strip
of land conveyed to County of Alameda 645
D. 107. NW 112. SW 237.70. SE 70 to* point of
beginning, portion lot 10. map of lands of
Brooklyn Land Company, Brooklyn Township;
Syndicate Investment Company (corporation)
to Anton, A. Almainen. lot on SW line. of Put-
nam street. 71 NW of Teyls, NW. 36 by SW
100, portion of block 753. map of Syndicate In-
vestment • Company's subdivision of lots 752 to
754, 7G9 and 770, Levy & Lane Tract, Fruit-
vale, Brooklyn Township; $10.
Mary E. Casaurang to Frank Casaurang. un-
divided halt interest in land same as in four-
teenth deed. Transcript : 3457. recorded May 19,
1902. by mortgage secured, Oakland Township-
?6000. 0 •' :
Eliza and F. Krohn to "Charles and Anna
Block, lot on E line of Wheeler street, 60 N
of Lloyd avenue, N 30 by E 122, lot 13, block
E, map of Fruitvale Terminal Tract, Brooklyn
Township; $10. . ' .
" Sylvester and Prlscilla Luther to John Duns-
tan. I N 100 feet of E half of lot 23. having
frontage of 1G0 feet on Summit avenue, map
Glen Echo Tract No. 2, portion Kellersberger's
Plat 14, Oakland Township; $1000.
Edson F. and John Charles Adams and Julia
P. A. Prather to City of Oakland (municipal
corporation), lot on E line of Fallen street pro-
duced N 20 of Twelfth, E to patent line of
Rancho V. rind D. Peralta, S along patent
line to N Twelfth, W to E Fallon, N to be-
ginning, Oakland; also land bounded N by.N
line of Thirteenth street produced E, E by E
Fallon produced N, S by N Twelfth, W by W
Fallon DroducedlM. Oakland; .this piece- con-
stitutes an extension of Fallon street N, Kel-
lersberger's Map. for purposes ¦ of a public
street, deed given in consideration of release by
second party of all Interest or. claim in land
conveyed 519 D. 113. 419 D. 129, 419 D. 131,
etc.; ~Ut.
Robert and Eliza Hawxhurst (executors of
estate of Caroline Hawxhurst) to Paola Fon-
tafla and Frediani NInatti, lota '11' to 16,' block
45, together with strijj 36 feet wide lying on S
line of street formerly called .Belie street, map
of lands at Oakland Point. .Ferry Landing
Tract 406. Oakland; $3400. ¦ .< ,
Frank B. Ogden (as executor of estate of
L. Hutchlnson) to George Aldrlch, all interest
in lot on N-llne of- Twenty-sixth: street or -Bay
place. 150 E of Telegraph avenue, N 100 by E
40. Oakland; $840.
Lydia H. McFadden (widow) to Catherine T.
Curran (widow), lot on N line of Taylor
street, 116 W of Wood. W 26:6 by N 67:6.
portion lot 39, map plat and subdivision of
block 402, Oakland Point, also portion block
702, Boardman's Mac Oakland; $10.
William H. Millan (single) to E. P., Cook,
lot on E line of Linden street, 154' N of Twen-
ty-second. N 27 by E 125, block (534, Board-
man's map, Oakland: $10. .
Adele V. and P. J. Van Loben Sels to Edwin
W. and Ida E. Rivers (wife), lot on W line
of Union street. 195 S of Sixteenth. S 34 by
W 115. block 585; map redivision of blocks
584, 585, 601, 153 and 580A, Oakland; $10.
Mrs. Emma C. Percy, (widow) to C. W.
Pinkerton. lot on W line of Morton (Fourteenth)
street, 250 N of Central avenue (Washington),
N 50 by W 150, lots 21 and 22. block 20,
Fitch Homestead Tract, Alameda; $10.
Karl H. Nickel (single) to John McDonald,
lot 16 and SE 10 feet of lot 15, Plat May
Spring Tract, Oakland: $10.
Du Ray Smith Jr. (single;, R. Cords Jr.
(single), Du Ray Smith (married) conveys
property acquired prior to his marriage,. October
19, 1901. to John J. Sullivan (single), sub-
divisions 1, 7 to 9, in lot 37, Map No. 3. Glen
Echo Tract, -being a redivislon of lots 10, 10,
18, 28, 21). 35 to 38, of Map 2, Glen Echo Tract,
Oakland; also lot on W line of Chetwood street,
113.96 N of Moss avenue, N 30 by W 88, block
B, Map Stanford Tract, Oakland; also lot 6,
block C, Map Sather Tract, Oakland Township;
also lot 8 r Map Fruitvale Homestead Associa-
tion, Brooklyn Township; $10. \ -..'. -
Oakland Bank of Savings to G. B. Glam-
bruno, lot on W line of Linden street. 127 N
of Fourteenth, N 50 by W 132. Oakland; $10.
Alameda County.
Erick Boes to Henry W. Adams, lot ; on E
line of Wheat street, 170 N of Salinas avenue.
N 25 by E 100. lot 41. block 5, Garden Tract
Homestead Addition; $1100.
Edward and Julia A. Ross to Edward D.
Swift, lot on W line of Chapultepec, '150 S of
Virginia a-venue, S 25 by W 70, lot 172, Jacob
Herman Subdivision; $10. ' ...
Joseph and Harriet Weissbein (wife), Jacob
and Bertha G. Weissbein (wife) to same, lot
238. same; $10.
"Jacob- Hey man Company .(a • corporation) to
Walter and Agnes Baxter, lot 237, Heymau
Tract; $10.
- Fraflk W.. Johnson to Melvin G. Johnson,
lot on.SE corner of Sunset avenue and ByfleM
Tract, S 100.58. E 29.79. N 105.26. W 30.15,
portion lots 1 to 5, block H, same; $10.
. Estate David L. Farnsworth (by Fannie i P.
Farnsworth, executrix) to Richard -J. ¦• Elliot,
lot on E line of Wlllard street. 338.04 S of Par-
nassus avenue, E 88:11, S 28,. W 89.55, N
25.04. lots 16 and 17, block D. same; $1110.
Fannie P. Farnsworth to same, same, quit-
claim deed; $1. ' •'¦¦'!"¦ ¦'" . • .
Estate David L. Farnsworth (by Fannie P.
Farnsworth, executrix) to' Charles A. Elliot,
lot on E line of WJllard street.- 313 S. of Par-
nassus. E 86.68, S 25, W 88:11. N 28.04, lots
15 and 16, Sunset Heights; $1100.
Fannie P. - Farnsworth' to same, same," quit-
claim deed; $1. ' ., '. .. .' - ,.
Callaghan Estate Company (a corporation) to
Edrick L. Walley, . lot on N line of I street,
32:6 E of Eleventh avenue. E 25 by N 100; $10.
Mary J. Benthteu (or Berthieu) to Fannie. E.
Newell, ' lot, on "E line of Eighteenth- avenue,
150 N of Point Lobos avenue, N 25 by E 120;
Morris Dcbncr to William F. Humphrey, lot
or. NE line of Sixth street, .90 SE of Folso'm,
SE 25 by NE 75; $10. ¦? . . -•.
¦• Frederick : Jr. and Albine B. Zech ' to Nellie
Bond (wife of Alexander), lot on S. line of
Bush street. 57 :2Vt E of Larkln, E 27:3V6 by
S, 92:11; $10. v . -
Nellie A. AIcGovern (Hansen) and Maggie
M. Doenpner (Hansen) to Maude A.- Hayes, lot
on N line of Moulton place, 115 .W ot Mont-
gomery, also distant 125 S ¦ from Union. W
22:0 by N 62:6; also all interest in estate of
Aloyslus Hansen. '26.565; $10. .
William R. and Agnes K.Finlay to- Nath-
aniel . T. Coulson, lot on W line of Belcher
street,- 125' N of Fourteenth, N 25, W 125, S
24:9%, E 32:6, S 0:2»4. E 92:6; $10.
Estate of Samuel Lewis (by Solomon Lewis,
administrator) to William H. Bagce, lot on N
line of Sacramento street. 112:0 W- of Laurel,
W 25 by N 127:8%; $1900. • - -
Charles T. and Mary J. Seipel to Emma- P.
Waldau, lot on W line of Rondel place, 181:6
S of Sixteenth, S 22:2 by W 64; $10.- '
T. B. and Annie E. Draper to Maria- Graf,
lot on W line of Stanyan street, 75 N of Carl,
N 25 by W 107:6; $10. ¦ . . :>~ ¦ '
Ellsha I. and Mary J. Bally to Florence E.
Dorsey.-lot on N'llne of Carl street, .150' E 'of
Stanyan, E 50 by N- 137:6; $10.
Bertha Krlske (widow) to Carl F. 1 A. Weis-
chand, ¦ lot on E line of Tremont avenue (Min-
nie), 521 S of Frederick,; S 25 by .E 80;. $10. '.-'-
James and Margaret Mclnerney to Vincenzo
Franchl, lot on S line of Bush street, 25 E of
Baker, .E 25 by S 87:6;. $10. , • .
¦ L.' J. Clay to Anna K. and Ella Denke, lot
on- SW corner of Golden Gate avenue and
Baker street. S 37 :6 by W ' 06 :10Vi I $3500. .
Mary Rlnggold to James ¦ G. ' Grannls, lot on
N line of Grove street, 100 W. of Broderick,.W
25 by-N 137:6; $10. . -¦:":. - • :
J. - B. Levison, lot on S line of Broadway,
114:7 E of Stelner, E 22:11 by S 127:8ft;
$2500. . . . , •¦ ,George S. McComb, who"; Is seeking, to.
establish his right to the ¦ office 'of
Justices* clerk, I filed an . answer ; yesterday
to the quo warranto proceedings brought
by Attorney General Tirey | L. Ford. Mc-
Comb denies that • he Is ¦ a usurper and
sets up his appointment by the Super
visors and Justices as a. defense.
McComb Files an. Answer.
Game in season for lunch at Cafe Zin
kand properly cooked, properly served. *
Mrs. Charlotte C. Graham, widow of
the 'late Robert J. Graham, died . early
yesterday- morning at hen home in Sau
salito after a lingering illness. The two
sons and j two daughters of the deceased
were at the i deathbed. The passing of
Mrs. Graham recalls the popularity of her
husband, who was one of San Francisco's
oldest pioneers. He I was connected with
the United ? States Customs Service for
thirteen years, and was at one time Su
perintendent > of Streets. . , .
Passing of Mrs. Graham.
Get your moving, shipping and storing done
by Beklns Van and Storage Co.. 630 Market. •
A meeting of the Forty-second Assem
bly District Club, under the auspices of
the Republican Mutual Alliance, was held
last night at Saratoga Hall with a large
audience in attendance. Lawrence Vin
cent explained the object of the alliance;
that it was to. do away with one-man
power and bosslsm and to give each mem
ber an individual expression in the or
ganization.
H. V. Morehouse spoke at length ana
'said that the election at San Jose was a
rebuke to the bosses and was the key
r.tte of the Republican .Mutual Alliance.
Addle Xj. Ballou. Sylvester Shabin and G.
"W. Lewis also addressed the meeting.
FOBTY-SECOND DISTRICT.
transmitted at once to the Mayor, to the Board
of Supervisors and to the Board of Education.
Govl^nor Brady gave an instructive ac
count of the characteristics, mode of life,
customs and industries of the Alaskan
natives. He told the success that had
attended the work of William Duncan,
who established saw mills and canneries
for the employment of the natives. He
said that the Indians are paid liberally
Xor their work and that at the end of
each month when they are paid off they
purchase shares in the company. He said
that Duncan's canneries and mills have
become fo prosperous that the natives
who work in them have money in bank
and the products of the cannery are be
lns: shipped to all parts of the world.
The Presbyterian Mission Board of New-
York came in for some rather sharp criti
cism from Governor Brady for its dere
liction in not sending sufficient funds and
more competent men to Alaska. He said
that the board is making a mistake in
not looking after the commercial as well
as the religious welfare of the Indians.
Bince 1877 he said there has been a mirac
ulous improvement In their condition.
Mrs. Brady, wife of the Governor, also
spoke of the good work accomplished by
the missionaries. She said that the In
dian girls who were educated in the mis-
Eion schools made competent housekeep
ers and good and faithful wives.
John G. Brady, Governor of Alaska, de
livered an interesting address before the
ladies of the Occidental Board of Mis
sions at P20 Sacramento street yesterday
afternoon on "Alaska, its natives and
their need of practical missionary work."
Governor Brady said that he did not con
sider that the missionary work which has
been done up to the present time by the
Presbyterian Church has accomplished
the best results. He claimed that it was
not alone sufficient to go among the na
tives with hymn books and the Gospel
but that some steps must be taken to
promote their material welfare. He ad
vised that only practical men, who have
been specially prepared for the work, be
sent to Alaska and that saw mills, can
neries and basket works be established so
as to furnish employment for the natives.
Governor Brady of Alas
ka Tells ot Wants of '
the Natives.
Treasurer McDougald
Objects to Surety
Trust.
City Treasurer McDougald addressed a
communication yesterday. to the Board of
Supervisors urging that provision • be
made in the next budget for a fund to
be applied to the payment of the pre
miums on the bonds of city officials. Me-
Dougald says in his communication that
when the officers elected last fall pro
ceeded to give the bonds required of them
under the charter they found themselves
confronted by a surety company trust.
Not only rrere the rates of premium
doubled but in addition each official was
by the trust compelled to take his bond
in a particular company at the trust rate.
McDougald says further: .
My predecessor as Treasurer furnished a sure
ty bend of *Kh),000 at an expense of $300 for
two years. The trust exacts from me a sim
ilar bond of $500 per year, at *hich rate I
would have to pay SlOuo for my term of two 1
years. The charter fixes the salary of the
Treasurer at $4000 per annum, but In point of
fact under existing conditions his salary Is but
$3500 per year.
Every other city officer is mulcted in more
or less degree and such a condition of affairs,
I submit, is not only unjust to the individual
but in contravention to the spirit of the char
ter. I submit to your candid judgment, gen
tlemen of the board, the proposition that the
city should defray the expense of bonding its
officials. This is the uniform practice In Los
Angeles and other cities of this State, in pri
vate business, in quasi-public bodies and in all
fraternal orders where bonds are exacted. That
this city should do likewise seems only fair
and right. In no other way can public officers
be protected against the unjust and oppressive
exactions to which they are now subject and
th^ surety companies deprived of the power to
improperly meddle, as they now do, in public
affairs. The city in defraying the expense of
bonding its officers could immediately destroy
the present trust by placing this business on
a competitive basis.
The exacting of bonds from subordinate offi
¦cials is a matter of option with the heads of
departments. In many cases, however, the
heads of departments are now deprived of all
discretion, the surety companies dictating what
herds shall be exacted and the amount thereof.
I believe that action on your part providing for
the bonding of all city employes at public ex
pense will meet with the approval of all citi
zens. The result will be that employes will
receive the full compensation to which they
are legally entitled.
MISSIS NEED
PRACTICAL MEN
WANTS THE CITY
TO PAY PREMIUM
Forty-sixth DlBtrlct, Alameda County — 12.
Forty-seventh District, Alameda (city of
Alameda)— 10.
Forty-eighth District, Alameda (Oakland)— 8.
Forty-ninth District." Alameda (country)— 1."
Fiftieth District. Alameda (Oakland)— 11.
Fiftieth District, .Alameda (country). ¦
Fifty-first District. Alameda (Oakland)— 6. .
Fifty-first District. Alameda (country) — 3.
Fifty-second District. Alameda (Berkeley) — S.
Fifty-second District,' Alameda: (Oakland) — 2
Fifty-second District, Alameda (country)— 1.
Fifty-third District, San Mateo — 8; ¦¦
Fitty-(ourth District, Santa Cruz— 11. V . ; ,
AIiA2OlT>A DISTRICTS.
''Twentieth District— Solano (Outside of Va-
Vwenty-flrKt District— Martn. &
Twcntv-second District — Contra Costa, 11.
Twenty-third District— San Joaquin (city of
Stockton), 9. - „ , ' '; : ' ¦
Twenty-fourth District— San Joaquin (out
side of Stockton). 9. .. -,, '-•-
Twenty-fifth District— Stanislaus, 4; Merced,
4; Madera. 4.- ' •.',',
Twenty-sixth. District— Tuolumne, 7; Marl-
P °Twen'ty-seventh District— Tularc, 9; Inyo. 2.
Twenty-eighth District— San Francisco, 9.'
Twenty-ninth District— San Francisco. 8.
Thirtieth District— San Francisco, i 9. .
. Thiriy-Hrst District — San Francisco. 8.
Th!rty-secon<f District — San Francisco, I).
Thirty-third District— San Francisco. 6.
Thirty-fourth District— San Francisco, ».
Thirty-fifth District — San Francisco. 11.
Thirty-sixth District — San Francisco. 9.
Thirty-Beventh District — San Francisco, 12. .
Thirtv-eighth District— San Francisco, 13.
Thirty-ninth District— San Francisco, 7.
Fortieth District — San Francisco, 11.
Forty-first District — San Francisco, 10.
Forty-second District — San Francisco, 12.
Forty-third District — San Francisco, 13.
Forty-fourth District — San Francisco, 13.
. Forty-fifth District — San Francisco, 8. .
Twelfth ' District— Glenn, 2; . ( Colusa, 3;
Lake. 3. • • • <¦ ,
Thirteenth District— Sonoma. 12.
Fourteenth District — Sonoma, 10. ¦ ,
Fifteenth District— Napa, 10.
Sixteenth District— Tolo, 8.
- Seventeenth District— Sacramento (city), 9.
Eighteenth District— Sacramento (city). 11. .
Nineteenth District— Sacramento (country), 8.
Twentieth District— Solano (city of Vallejo),
That the test to be required of every person
seeking to vote a Republican ballot at said
nrimary ehall be as follows: A bona fide
SreTent intention of supporting the nominees
of the Republican party at the next ensuing
61 That"' the. ballots used at said primary may
hp either printed or written. .
That the apportionment of delegates to said
State convention shall be: One delegate for
each 200 votes cast for the Republican nominee
tor Presidential elector receiving the h ghert
number of votes cast in the Assembly^distrlct
an now constituted, or county, where more than
one is embraced in the Assembly district, at
the genVal election held in November 1000,
and Sne delegate for a majority fraction there
of; provided, that any county casting less than
such majoritft fraction for' said nominee shall
be entitled to one delegate, .' ¦ ¦"
That the apportionment of delegates to each
Assembly district, or. where more than one
county is embraced in an Assembly district,
then to each of said counties, is as follows:
First Assembly District— Del Norte, 2; SIsJ
klyou. 9; Trinity. 3. . .
Second District — Humboldt, 11. -
Third District— Humboldt, 8. ' _
Fourth District— Shasta, 8; Modoc, 2; Las
6e Fifth District— Tehama, 6;' Plumaa, 3; Sier
ra 4.
Sixth District — Mendocino. 11. ,
Seventh District— Butte 12.
Eighth District— Yuba. 6; Sutter, 4.
Ninth District— Nevada, 12.
Tenth District— Placer. 10; El Dorado, 6.
Eleventh District— Amador. 7; Calaveraa, 8;
Alpine, 1; Mono, 1. , . ¦ «
.NORTHERN DISTRICTS.
That said primary '' election shall bo con
ducted In all respects in accordance with the
previsions of sections 1357. to. 1375.. both Inclu
sive, of the Political Code of : the State of
California. In all Assembly districts and parts
of Assembly districts wherein the provisions
of said sections are obligatory and .mandatory,
viz.: In the Assembly districts, or parts of
Assembly districts, as the case may be. em
braced by the city and county of San Francisco,
tho city of Los Angeles, the city of Oakland,
the city of Sacramento, the city of San Jose,
the city of, San Dtego. the city of Stockton,
the city of Alameda, the town of Berkeley, the
city of Fresno, the city of Pasadena and the
city of Vallejo. ,
That no county or district convention shall
elect any delegate to either the State or district
convention from any Assembly district or por
tion of any Assembly district in which the
primary election law is mandatory, as the law
provides specifically that such delegates must
be voted for and elected direct to the State and
district conventions from all territory where
eald law is mandatory. -.
That as to Assembly districts, parts of As
sembly districts and counties composing an
Assembly district, wherein the provisions or
said sections of the Political Code are not.ob
ligatory and mandatory, said primary shail be
conducted as far as practicable in consonance
with the provisions of said sections of said
code but except where the delegates to the
State and' district conventions are elected by a
county or Assembly district convention, the
respective county committees shall, before the
25th dav of July. 1902. issue a call for sucn
primary! and give full publicity thereto, nam
ing therein the election officers, the polling
placo for each legal election precinct, the hours
during which the same will be kept open for
voting, and the number of delegates to be voted
for at each. Should the county committee In
anv such county fail to issue such call before
said ''5th day of July. 1902. the member or
membei4 h of the Republican State Central Com
mittee from paid county are directed to issue
[no same, to appoint the primary election offi
cers, and In all details to ' ««P«» n t«»« "}« C ??I
duct and management thereof, the
reception of returns and issuance of cre
dentials. ; £~^»
TEST TO BE REQUIRED.
CONDUCT OF ELECTION.
The Republican State Central Committee of
California, the governing body of the Repub
lican party of California, a political organiza
tion, which at the last general election polled
more than three (3) per cent of the total vote
in said State, and in each political subdivision
thereof, in meeting assembled on this 24th
day of May.. 1902. at the city and county of
San Francisco. State aforesaid, hereby adopts
the following call for Republican State and
district conventions, to nominate candidates for
public office, to be voted for at the. general
election to be held on the 4th day of Novem
ber," 1902. or at any special election which may
b«s called within two years after the 12th day
of August. 1902. for the election of a Republi
can State Central Committee, and for the trans
action of such other business as may come
before said State or district conventions.
That said State convention shall meet at the
city of on the day of
1902. at 2 p. m., and shall con
sist of 829 delegates.
That all of said delegates shall be elected,
either by a county or Assembly district con
vention composed of delegates elected at a pri
mary, or at a primary election, at which prim
ary all Republicans shall have an opportu
nity to vote, to be held in each Assembly dis
trict, or. where more than one county is em
braced in an Assembly district, then In each
of said counties, on Tuesday, the 12th day of
August, 1902. • . .
f"if^ HERE will be a general meeting
IS of the Republican State Coramit-
I tee at CJolden Gate Hall, 625 Sut-
JJL- ter street, at 2 p. m. to-day. A
session of the executive commit
tee was held at the Palace Hotel last
night. The ... members attending were:
General George Stone, chairman; W. M.
Cutter, secretary; J. Steppacher, assist
ant secretary; William J. Brady, W. J.
Dutton, II. D. Laveland, ( W. S. Wood, E.
C. Hart, Allen B. Lemmon, Walter F.
Parker and C. S. Hardy.
The report of a sub-committee to which
had been delegated the duty of framing
a call for State and district conventions
was taken up. discussed, amended and
adopted. It was decided to adopt 200 votes
as the basis of representation. This will
give a convention of 829 delegates. The
report leaves blank spaces for the time
and place of holding the convention, but
it is the general opinion of members that
the State Committee this afternoon will
designate August 25 as the time and Sac
ramento the place for holding the State
convention for the nomination of Gov
ernor and other State officers.
The work of apportionment has been
performed with great care in order that
every Assembly district and every urban
and rural subdivision thereof may be
fairly represented. The direction in favor
of the selection of delegates by primary
election is so clear and comprehensive
that local governing bodies cannot mis
take the purpose of the State organiza
tion.
Following is the text of the call recom
mended by the executive committee last
night and, which will probably be adopted
by the general committee to-day:
CALL FOR CONVENTION.
In this call as this day adopted, and also to
take all steps necessary to Mnsure the carrying
out of. the provisions of the law and of this
call. GEORGE STONE.
Chairman Republican State Central Committee
of California.
- WM.M. CUTTER, Secretary.
PRIMARY LEAGUE MEETS.
The directors of the Republican Primary
Fifty-fifth District, Santa Clara (Third
VVard, Sa n j O se)— 4.
S Fifty-fifth District, Santa Clara (country)— 0.
.Fifty-sixth District, Santa Clara (Fourth
ward. San Jose) — 3,
_FJUy-sixth District, Santa Clara (country)
Kifty-seventh District, ! Santa Clara (First
and Second Wards, San Jose)— 6.
Fifty-seventh District, Santa Clara (country)
— — O. - • - . ¦ ¦¦¦.'_ - - 3 ¦.'.-.
Fifty-eighth District, San Benito-^t. '
Fifty-ninth District, Monterey— 10. .
Sixtieth District, Fresno (city)— 3.
Sixtieth District, Fresno (outside of city) — 6.
Sixty-first District, Fresno (city)— 15.
Sixty-first District, Fresno (outside of city)
¦^""5. ¦ " .¦¦¦»*.
Sixty-second District, Kings— 5. .
Sixty-third District, San Luis Oblspc— S.
Sixty-fourth District, Santa Barbara — 10.
Sixty-fifth District, Ventura— 9.
Sixty-sixth District, Kern— S.
LOS ANGELES DISTRICTS.
Sixty-seventh District, Los Angeles (Pasa
dena) — 7. . ,- • , . .
Sixty-seventh District, Los Angeles (country)
Sixty-eighth District. Los Angeles (outside of
Pasadena and city of Los Angeles)— 11.
Sixty-ninth District. Los Angeles (city) — 3.
Sixty-ninth- District, Los Angeles (outside of
city)— 8.
Seventieth District, Los Angeles (city)— 5.
Seventieth District, Los Angeles (outside of,
city)— 6. • ,
Seventy-llrst District, Los Angeles— 9.
Seventy-second District, Los Angeles (city)
— 8.
Seventy-third Oistrict, Los Angeles (city)
District, Los Angeles (city)
Seventy-fourth District, Los Angeles (out
side of city) — 5.
Seventy-fifth District, Los Angeles (city)— 13.
Seventy-sixth District, San Bernardino — 16.
Seventy-seventh District, Orange — 11.
Seventy-eighth District, Riverside — 12.
Seventy-ninth District. San Diego (city) — 10.
Eightieth District, San Diego (outside of
city)— 9. . .
Total— 820.
That the delegates to said State convention
from the several Railroad and Board of Equal
ization' districts Khali, -respectively, meet "in
district conventions in said city of
prior to the final adjournment of said , State
Convention, and nominate a candidate for
Railroad Commissioner and for member of the
Mate Board of Equalization. ' .
That in- view of the redlstrictlng of the State
into eight Congressional districts, and there
being no Congressional District Committees
which represent fully the new districts,- it, is
recommended that the delegates to the State
convention shall • constitute the Congressional
District conventions for the nomination of
candidates for Representative In Congress for
their respective districts, as provided in sec
tion 1361 of the Political Code, and said dele
gates to the State convention from each Con
gressional District snail, respectively, meet for
the organization of a Congressional District con
vention at said city of prior to the
final adjournment of said State convention, and
nominate a candidate for Representative In
Congress, and provide for the selection of a
Congressional District Committee, or ¦ adjourn
to such other time and place as may be de
termined upon for that purpose.
PROVISION FOR MEETING.
That the delegates to said State convention
from each Assembly and even numbered Sena
torial ¦ district shall also meet in said city of
prior to the final adjournment of
said State convention, and, respectively, nomi
nate a candidate for member of Assembly and
State Senator, provided there has not been a
District Committee petition filed for the elec
tion of separate district convention delegates
therein, or provision made by the County Com
mittee In its call for the selection of legislative
candidates. '
That the chairman and secretary of each
district convention, whether Railroad, Board
of Equalization. Congressional, Senatorial ~or
Assembly, shall,' where a nomination Is made
during the session of the State convention, re
port to said State convention the name of the
candidate nominated and the names of the com
mittees appointed!: -V" • ¦¦¦•¦¦ • ¦
That if any delegate to said State convention
shall die before; or from:' any cause, shall be
unable to attend'upon said convention, then the
other delegates thereto from the same territory,
or, if there is no delegate- remaining from said
territory, then the other delegates thereto from
the said Assembly district." shall have power to
determine, by a majority vote, which of said
delegates shall cast the vote of such deceased,
or absentee, in said State convention and dis
trict conventions, and thereupon the delegate so
named may cast said vote In said State conven
tion and district conventions. ' , . '
That duplicate lists of delegates elected shall
be certified by. the chairman and secretary of
the Republican County Committee to the secre
tary ot the Republican State Central Commit
tee on or before the 20th day of August, 1902,
or, where a County Committee has failed to act
in accordance with this call, then by the mem
ber or members of the State Central Committee
from such county. •
NOTICES OF CONTEST.
That notices of contest must be filed with
the secretary of the State Central Committee on
or before the 22d day of August. 1902.
That the 'temporary roll, of delegates for the
State convention shall be made up by the
chairman and secretary of the State Central
Committee. ¦ ¦ , - ¦
That the chairman' and secretary of the Re
publican State Central Committee be, and they
are hereby authorized and empowered to make
and file all necessary petitions with the Secre
tary of State or any other officer designated by
law to receive the same. . <
That the chairman and secretary of the State
Central Committee shall have the- authority to
make any clerical corrections or supply any
clerical omissions which may be found to occur
I*~ eral Committee Will Convene at i Gbldferi Gate Hal!
To- Day— -Number of Congressional District Delegates
Under the, New Apportionments Are Announced
TEXT OF CALL FOR REPUBLICAN
STATE NOMINATING CONVENTION
THE SAN FRANCISCO CXLL V : SATURDAY, MAY 24, 1902.
Charges Sea "With Fraud.
Catherine Dougherty of San Jose
brought a second suit - for damages
against James "W. Rea of San Joae yes
terday to; recover $1664. the amount she
lost, she alleges, through the sale of
sixty-four shares of the capital stock of
the Electric : Improvement Company of
San Jose. She states that Rea secured
the sale of the stock through fraudulent
misrepresentations. • •
Resolved.; That In view of the absolute and
immediate, necessity for new school houses in
Sunnyslde.-. Sunset. Richmond and Noe Valley
'Whereas.- Proceedings for the issuance of
bonds for such purposes will cause protracted
delay; . , . ,.
. "Whereas.* The $t limitation of.. taxation pro
vided by .the charter will not permit of the con
struction, of new school buildings or of needed
repairs to those already erected; and - .
"Whereas, An urgent and pressing necessity
exists for..further and better accommodations
for .the -children of the" public, schools, of .'San
Francisco; and "' ; ...... ..
. The sentiment of the league on' the ques
tion of school accommodations was ex
pressed by the adoption of the following
resolution, introduced by Emmet Barrett:
URGES SPECIAL TAX.
Resolved, That the Republican Primary
League of San Francisco acclaims with Joy
the success of the Good Government League of
San Jose and its allied forces in. the recent
contest and congratulates It and its organized
forces on the good government and better po
litical conditions which this victory presages
not only in San Jose, but throughout ' the
State. . -
Whereas, The municipal election in the city
of San Jose last Monday was made a crucial
test of the power of the people as against boss
control; and : • ¦••-. ¦ ' -
Whereas. The test resulted In a most signal
and brilliant victory for the p«ople
The victory of the Good Government
forces at San Jose was a topic of discus
sion. At the meeting this resolution, in
troduced by J. George Boyne, was
adopted:
Tlorolved, That all electors be urged to reg
ister at once, so that they may participate in
the coming primary election.
Resolved. That the. attention of the voters of
San Francisco be again directed to the neces
sity of rereglstration and to the fact that no one
will be allowed to vote either at the primary or
general election to be held this year unless
registered anew since the first day of Janu
ary. : 1902. and that all former registrations
have been canceled: be it further
• Relative to the registration of voters,
John W. Rogers introduced the following
resolution, which was adopted:
League met at headquarters, 16 Geary
street, last evening and resumed work on
plans for district organization. .
Board, of Supervisors of the city and county of
San Francisco be and they arc hereby request
ed and urged to levy a. special and additional
tax of 7% cents for the next fiscal year, the
same to be used exclusively, for" the construc
tion and r,emodelin?'of school' buildings under
the supervision of the Board of Education.
. Resolved, That copies of this resolution be
districts, as well as in many other portions of
the city. an'J In view of th« further need of
increased accommodations and of larger school
louses In other districts and portions of the city
ilready provided with school buildings, the
16
We close at I *^^£t^J^ j^tjg^&gEsL We cIoso at
Remember. I tiiuto^^^^ . Remember.
Ch j Id reti's Stockings.
— loo O7i?s at J2\c . —25c Misses' Tjctn Hose 20c.
— 'Iron ihr ad yy at 2oc.
Good stockings worth having at a saving. Such an op*
portunity doesn't come every day. Wouldn't now if we didn't
want to celebrate anniversary to-day.
12y 2 u a pair— Regular value 15c, fast black, seamless cotton hose. Two
styles— wide or narrow rib. heavy weight, double knees. Sizes 6 to 10.
Misses^ 25c Tan Hose at Fine ribbed, the imported kind, with
" fashioned feet, extra long and elastic, various tan . shades— 7, 7^, 8
and 8y 2 : .
Iron Thread Stockings 25e— Boys' and girls', extra heavy ones, wide or
narrow rib. made of the best Maco yarn, hard twisted and elastic, ex-
tra double knees, fashioned heels and toes. The best wearing hose
made, 25c a pair or $2.75 a dozen. .
Veiling: Sale. Ribbons.
1500 of pretty stylish 25c 'More Satin, Taffetas
veilings will be sold „. 18c and 23c.
$y 3 and 4^4 inches wide, and best
Af ie» f^ntC colors; pinks, blues, white, maize,
•¦ r\L I£ VWlll^. : lilac> car( jinal, etc. A superb quality
Fancy mesh veilings, plain or with beautiful finish-ties up nicely,
dotted, colors black and navy. .. m • j g^* 1 /I*
Also sewing silk and grenadines, 1^ i f\ I f I f\\7f*> Sk ¥
plain and dotted in brown with lvIU VJll/VW %P i •
white, tan with black and brown. itsgj.j_ -
Men's Golf Shirts V£.
Shades red, oak and Havana —
vpl.OO. $1.00 pair.
New, stylish, comfortable. Made "°yS
of soft madras, in pretty blue, red. Dent Fac-Sxmile—i-clasp— colored
lavender stripes as well as solid col- tan, oak and Havana— $1.00 pair,
ors. . The largest variety we have WOITICn'S
shown - 2-clasp Lambskin Pique— Very
_ stylish and serviceable for shop-
l 5111/117 p ' ng an(^ outin %- A large selec-
VdllUj' tion of staple colors, all sizes —
¦ -, . ¦¦ . ¦ ~ $1.00.
FOP tO-day. H - B - Woves— Imported lamb-
,,,.,' , . , . skin, superior to any in quality.
We always have _something extra fit and style— all the new and
good in candy for Saturday. stap j e s hades-$i.oo pair.
Peanut Pinoche 10c— Made from Dent Fac-Simile— 1 -clasp, the la-
the genuine pinoche mixed with test for shopping or' college
popcorn. , : . ( wear. Colors red, oak, Havana —
Sal'oo Nuts 5c a box— Something $ lo ° P air -
new and fine— delicious and nutri- Mocha Pique Gloves— 2-clasp, in
tious. Try a box and see. - - black and pastel shades of mode
1 r* . ¦ tt> ' «»c» • an d gray, $1.00 a pair. ;_.;;';.i;-i
Peanut Taffy 10c. Misses'
It's. the good old Virginia sort, 2-clasp Gloves— :Imported lamb-
made from pure molasses and choice skin gloves, excellent for fit and
selected peanuts, in half-pound bars, service; all the staple shades—
IOC e ac h- ¦ $r.oo pair.
Country orders shipped free
156 Ninth at.; Phone Folsom 256.
E66S, best, reg. 25c, 2 doz 35c
RICE, Japan, best, reg. 8c, 5 lbs for. .25c
FLOUR, best, reg. 95c, 50-lb sack, all
brands — - go c
BEANS, reg. 10c, Mb can. 5c
TEA, best, any kind, reg. 60c, per Ib.. 40c
MONDAY.
SPECIAL SALE SATURDAY AND
R.McCOY&SON.
' «yafl*9U " r>Veak Eyo» Strenfithene-s
Painful or Inflamed eyes la-
<gjSfeKagt»^ itantly relieved withGUORUS
i/^ 1 MAYERLE'S German Ey«
«*>^^-3S:«' Water. 60c, at 1071 Marltac
¦ * l - Tel - South 572. None geo-
, '~™w^y. / , ujij e without U>U trademark.
J^EARNY AND WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
r>rl m ® dcIed an <l renovated. KINO, WARD ft
t-O. European plan. Rooms. 50c to $1 50 day;
*j to *8 week; *8 to $20 month. Free baths:
.vi,2 n< L COld , water evef y TOOm - flre «ratea in
e\ery room; elevator runs all night.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
GOKE! COKE!
Cheap, Clean Fuel for Grates, Fur-
naces and Cooking,
nJSf^U* ?* *° el **** wiU «n»P*r» with eok^
SiSS?? ¦^ :^ a3^ ; ?S atlt3r - order,
solicited. P. A. McIXJNAJLD. 813 Folsom at.
° TO-DAY. ? SEEING ° ELEGANT ?
Wash Veils, •• #OJD^ 1>!VJ -- S Lace Collars
. jiscjach^ BELIEVINGjB^,
So Call Upon Us To-Day.
HERE'S PRICES THAT'LL MAKE
THINGS HUM!
Women's Outing SKirls. * ¦ Corsets.
Tn niv Gri-ACZ. They're worth $250; | DO TOU NEED ONK? ; : HERE'S A PINE
10-llAl Ol«4u you can have your : , ; . . .' QHA^ICE IF YOU DO. -. ..
. choice of them in fine white pique, blue TA T1AV 61 (\£\ forany $1 50 COR
and black white polka-dot duck >1 IMJA I t> B .U U SET you ask ?or :
Rnd Brass linen; made with single or ¦ i all sizes. .
double .flounces and trimmed with- . • . ». . : ..; ¦, •
stitched bands. or piping of white pique. ?¦ Bfft HOSiCrV SnaD
•Women's Dress Skirts. iSc SSs^fST" 8^? 5 " i uallt y lace
. . . • ¦ , v»>* ; hose.; all sizes. -: . v . s.
lty black serge, with stylish flare flounce :;-lr" ff, • Y •, RIBBED FANCY TOP ] HOSE;
and trimmed In fancy designs with satin - tt » s - "
'^ n^ A pcrf^ ct flttInB> sraceful irt: .Women > sKnit>Underwcar. |
i Women's SilK Waists. 10c:
CTO ' dCZ. For elegant $5 00 LOIJIS1NE , -^blue. and white. . ; . .
tj> J,»\jO SILK WAISTS; newest effects Off^r* for LISLB THREAD " SLEEVE-
ln. tuck*. and hemstitching;. They're ef- LESS UNDERVESTS; worth 50c;
fectlvely trimmed 1 with' tiny silk buttons all 1 sizes.
. and are made up in all the swell shades. 1Qr» f°>" BAL.BRIGGAN UNDER-
__ .' . _, . _' . ' • l»w VESTS, lone sleeves ;reuularS0c
Women's Shirt Waists. : . .n >!«»..
OK C FOR $125, CHAMB^T SHIRT . 1^!
OOC WAISTS; all sizes: all solid colors . s i ee ves- allslze- S
and -black and' white stripes, trimmed : " . .. '.';'¦
¦ with clusters of tucks and hemstitching. •13tKK«*i«'
• ¦¦¦" ¦ '• ¦ ¦ ¦-"'" ¦¦¦' '. ¦ ¦'¦ ' _ . ".^IxIDDOIIj. .. i ' . fj:'- j ¦"-
Children's Sailor Suits. lfir fo * 3 " lnch wIde liberty silk
QQ^ for:$i 50 -SAILOR' SUITS^made ! J"^ N . , qua , Uy
UOC of Brass linen; skirt extra full, 1 Q»r g* h wide LIBERTY SILK
finished with deep hem. large sailor col- ?•- -?V RIBBON; regular 20c quality.
•. lar, and cuff s - trimmed with navy blue " | O/^.- for 6-lneh wide LIBERTY SILK '
pique; all sizes.,: w '/ ' lc>w RIBBON; regular 25c quality.
c belt T lbJR'' ; Sk ITKTiS !^ D f pLAy
*^ IBs H^K*jppP^ _^rf*M^k t^KqSj AtfVV W^
day, '/Bm^f ]^W^ rmJ*
45c. 1212-1214 market st:, RUFFJS.
Q ' O ' ' 'Between Taylor and' Jones. ' Q O
I : OPEN TO-NIGHT UNTIL 11 O'CLOCK.
Iketakt Relief and refreshing sleep for Skin-tortured Babies and
rest for Tired Mothers in warm baths with Oimccm*. Soap, and
gentle .anointings with Cuticcra Ointmf.'wt. the great skiu cure aud
pare6t of emollients, to be followed in 6evere cases by mild doses of
CimcuRA Resolvent Pills, to <*k>1 and cleanso the blood. This is
the purest, sweetest, most speedy, permanent, and economical treat-
ment for torturing, disfiguring, rtchint?, burning, bleeding, scaly,
crusted, and pimply humours, eczemas. rasbe«, irritations, and
itchings, with loss of hair, of infants and children, yet compounded.
ll!ll I iflbiC* HOT PflTIPSIDA OfiAO
mlLLiUria U5b bUI IbUKA oUAr
Assisted by CuricnRA Ointatent, for preserxing:. purifying, and beautifying
the skin, for cleanstn^ the scalp of cniflta, sraJ«s, and dandruff, and the
stopping of 'falling hair.<ror noftenini?, whitening, and Roothinu r»»d. rough,
sad sore hands, lor baby ra-slios, ItchiugiC and rhriiitius in th»^ form of hat.hg
for annoying irritations and inflammations, ur t<».» fr«*«or ofl"en!»ivc perspira-
tion, in the form of washes tor ulcemtivt! wvakn^nscH, nrid Tor rn.tny s;inativp,
antiseptic purpose? wnich readily suggest Uioitfelvpirt'tb wnint'u, I'.spRrially
mothers, and for all thr. purposes ot the toilet, tnth, and i.mr«ery. Cijtichka.
Soap combines delicate tuuullieut properties derived from i/imcTJUA. the
preat skin cure, with tne purest of cleaning utjrredi»«nta and th«j most
refreshing of flower odours. No other *ncdtaited *ua|» «»v«t <:om pounded is to
be compared with it for preserving, jmnfyinjr. «ud Jwautif ying the skin,
scalp, hair, and hands. Xo other foreign or di»mfli«ti<? toilet sour», however
expensive, is to be compared with it for all the purposes of tho toilet, bath,
and norsery. Thus it combines in Onk Soap at Onk Price, the. hkst skin
and complexion .-oap, the kest coilet and uest baby soap in the. world.
nilTIPflDl DrCflllfCllT DlllC K^"*"" "m'^i *"» a ' ww . tasteless.
vUIIuUhA nCOULVLiil lIlLu ¦•xioncsB. eoonoDitcal jubsutntei for tho cele-
brated liquid CuncuRA Rksoltknt. as well *s fox *H otner tiincwi piinnets and humour
cores. Each pill «s equiraient u> one teit«po<i<iful ot ilquia Kcsucviucr. Piuupiu screw-
capped pocket rials, containing Ki doses, puce ac
CrTirn:iA K»uii>ii»»r»«i><a ¦fcroeffinut ts» «rofU. «o«r. tv:. Oimiirr. «V., fit i». *•« ttntish Urpoti
JT-tJ. Ch»nrrho»« Si, London French Depot: * Ron 4a It Piit, Pvu. i*ortlB Ucco «.»£> Cbkm. Cusr^
6*U ftcf t, Bottoa. C . fc . A. "jlSI itwut Uia ttiXL 6calp, ftod tUlr." Irta.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
NO POISON
Has :Ever Been Found
in the Enamel of
AGATE NICKEL-STEEL
KitckfiUteii^ls
TheBLUE LABEL
Protected by Cecldon of United States Court
Pasted on Every Piece
PROVES IT^
if substitutes are offered.write us
This trade-mark is on every piece
of genuine- Agate Ware.
Sold by First-class Department and Ilouse-
funiishinp Stores.. Seed for new Booklet.
LALANCE &. GROSJEAN MFG. CO.
KITV TOKE. BOSTOX CHICAGO
1HT 1K* HL3 SO A /p3@X
SJLMlJK%>K2j O /tl w^L
.MAN *
CHANCE^ #^R^
The great throngs of people coming to our / //Af\|Ha
store have recognized that the bargains we've ' I /J//\\{\
offered on the new lines of 1902 shoes we re- I mj \ \V I
cently put in are positively phenomenal. They t$i VTM
know such chances will never exist again and JWv vial
could not exist now were It not for the unusual JWk Vj
fact that we have to carry entirely different • ¦¦ \ j&
lines in the new Sorosis Shoe Parlors on . Post '7 l^L.
street. , In reading over our bargains in ¦ the *^«^ I %
papers, many fail to realize that since this sale • \^\
takes in ALL our stock it's impossible to print
all the bargains and that we can only give a few
; at a time. Therefore we think that some of the prices we quote to-
day will come as a complete surprise to those who know what the
shoes are worth and what they've sold for.
Men's Vici Kid. box calf, velour calf, patent leather, UNIOJT
MADE, every pair guaranteed. Selling elsewhere for 53.50 and $4.00.
. Sale price . S** <?*»
450 pairs Men's union-made, box calf, extension soles, Waldorf last.
Sold elsewhere at $3.00. Sale price ....<.. S3 7*>
; • Men's Russia calf. New York or London toe. Regular value $2.50.
Sale price «-• -%t\
Men's Burt & Packard Korrect shape shoes, in^all the latest leath-
ers and lasts. Regular value $4.35. Sale price «•> j-
Ladles' fine kid. lace or button, patent leather or kid tips exten-
sion soles, seamless vamp. Regular value $3.00. Sale price JR1 SK
Ladies' Vlci Kid Oxfords, in the latest toes and leathers. Regular
value $2.50. Sale price. «-? -^-r
Ladies' chrome tan (the newest leather), spring heels, all" sizes and
•widths. Regular value $2.50. Sale price ..85c
aJ \ b'W%&kSs
50 Third Street. Second Shoe Store From Market.
. in preparing appetizing and
wholesome food is lightened by
this famous baking powder*
ahighi Biscuit
DetidotisCake
Dainty Pastries
Fine Ptf ddings
Absolutely pure* It adds
healthful qualities to the food.
ROYAL
The "Royal Baker and Pastry There are cheap baking powders,
Cook •'— most pracucal and made from alum, but they are ex-
valuable of cook books— ceedingly harmful to health. Their
«"«« to every patron. Send astringent and cauterizing qualities
full address by postal card> add a dangerous element to food.
. ROYAL BAKING POWDER CO., 100 WILLIAM ST., NEW YORK.