V Continued '* on Page Two.
Diplomatic Relations Are Resumed.
CARACAS, .Venezuela, April 10.— The
Venezuelan Parliament has ratified * the
protocol re-establishing, diplomatic! rela
tions between France'and Venezuela,- ,
General Hampton Very 111.
•»COLUMBU8,,S.:C, April 10.— General
Wade Hampton is reporte-J to bs critieajly
III by; his physician, who says he is suf
fering from a general breakdown. H«
ia SJ years of ase.
LONDON, April 10.— Persistent rumors
ere current here that the forthcoming:
budget proposals will include an im
j>ort duty of three pence per hundred
weight on grain and five pence per hun
dred weight on flour.
Import Duty on Grain and Flour.
WASHINGTON." April 10.— The : Secre
tary of War has directed the sale of the
transports Egbert and Rosecrans, now at
San iFrancIsco, to the' highest bidder, in
order to reduce transportation expenses.' »
Two Transports Are Ordered' Sold:
MANILA, AprtllO.— The United Spates
army transport Hancock has run uground
In the mud near Iba, Zam'oale3 province,
about one hundred miles north at here.
She is. not -believed to be In danger. Tugs *.,
have been sent tfb her assistance.
Dangsr.
Tugs . Go to Her Assistance but Size
Is Not Believed to Be in
ARMY TEANSPOET HANCOCK
IS AGEOTJND NEAE MANILA
WASHINGTON,' April 11.— At 1 o'clock
this morning the condition of • Dr. .Tal
mage was very precarious. Fever com
plications have developed,, which lead the
physicians to believe that recovery Is en
tirely improbable.
WASHINGTON, April 10.— A change for
the worse has again 'occurred in the con
dition of the Rev/ T. DeWitt Talmage,
and the physicians are very, apprehensive
of the outcome. To : nlght's bulletin stat
ed that evidences of cerebral inflamma
tion have appeared.
ery Is Improbable.
the Physicians Believe Eecov-
Fever Complications Developed and
REV. T. DEWITT TALMAGE V
IN A VEEY LOW CONDITION
LONDON, April 10.— A member of the
United States Embassy was asked to-day
regardlng the statement cabled from .
London and published in the United
States that ; the Prince of -Wales, through '
Loi-«ai2.rassey, president of the London
Chamber of Commerce, had received an
Invitation from the New York Chamber
o* Commerce to visit America. The reply
was that this Invitation could only be
accepted through the Embassy, which,
up to -to-day, had heard nothing of the !
matter. The Embassy discredited the
story.
tation to" the Prince of
Wales.
Has Not Heard of the Beported Invi-
ENGLISH EMBASSY DOES
NOT CEEDIT THE STORY
¦ ¦¦ t __ -. ; ¦ -¦
ALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET,'
ff >T$ N. W., ., WASHINGTON, April
B 10.— One | hundred thousand j in-'
Ek. J habitants" of the province of
Batangas, Luzon, have ' ; been
exterminated since the Amer
. lean conquest : of . the , Philip^"
pines. This terrible charge is made by^
the acting Governor of the province in a
report \ to the Philippine Commission;
which was, made public. by the Philip
pine Committee of the' Senate to-day. Be
fore the American occupation of Batangas
there were 300,000 persons residing .4n the
province. "War, -disease and starvation
have caused the death of bne-thlrd;of this
number. This is . the province ) in -.which
Tria3, Malvar and Zurbano' conducted an
aggressive campaign against V the] Amer
icans^ The -troops | were commanded by
Brigadier General- J. C. ". Bates . and Brig
adier. General J.;f. WadeTv ;
The report of the acting. Governor,;' of
Batangas was made public simultaneously
with ; ; that ' of Major Cornelius Gardener,'
United States army, acting Governor -"'of
the province', of Tayabas.. The. fact that
Major Gardener,' is an army officer, makes
the charge more serious. ¦ ¦
¦-.Secretary Root cabled yesterday to Gen
eral Chaffee asking -'for a -report on jthe
progress > of the 'Investigation and '; to-day
Secretary; Root was advised' that Major
Gardener has been called: upon forvspeci
fications,^when. the lnqulry^will proceed. •
JUSTIFIES MILF^^^CHAEGE^ .-)
Major. Gardener charges ttheT troops with
arson, torture of natives and harsh 'treat
ment generally - • and declares -" that the
seeds of: perpetual revolution were 'being
sown.- Members of 'the Senata commlttea
v - VA vigorous • campaign was ' at once or
ganized against insurgents in .arms, with
' the ". troops : actlng . under, positive borders' to"
shoot no unarmed ', natives and -. to- burn J no"
houses except barracks; Looting was*pro-
'hiblted • under - ; the ; strictest ¦',-, penalties/
Company 'and 'other, commanders were'br-'
'dcred : ( to pay , for everything j taken ; f or iie-;
cessi ty.i or bought. ffdm^natives.".: "
l\ The -' Governor . : . In ~. lengthy J. detail .';. tells
about ', what has .been : done! •"and: then ; rec-^
ommends thati the; operations . against the
'' insurgents " shquld ¦" be ,by ; a '.' f orce^ of.; na
tive's. 4 ; He has ). traveled *all i qyer r th'e' ! nroy«
HAESH TEEATMENT OF NATIVES
declare .that • the ; reports ¦justified Lieu
tenant General Miles in making'" his state-;
ment that '" the ..war i had " been ¦ i conducted
with • "marked severity.'.' \ '¦ . , ;
: Governor Taf t : in . the '¦. telegram : laid ¦ be
fore the committee - stated ; that I' Major
Gardener .was a good Governor' and popu
lar .with , the* peoplei\but he^ feared -'that
the friction between him and those officers
succeeding him : In military command '," had
so 1 influenced • his judgment 'that charges'
by him ought not to be acted upon with
out giving the ' accused an : opportunity to
be\ heard.r Herasserted .he; had 'not .dis
obeyed the : rules ' of 'the .committee : In : fall-*
Ing to" submit the report of Major; Gar-'
dener. ; >¦¦¦.¦/ ''¦¦). •. ¦ ,• ¦ '-':i: : ' ••¦'".;.-;'¦. -'* ; ;; ' ;
Senator Culberson. said he was . willing
to "submit to tithe record . whether^ Gov^'
ernbr Taf t r , was - entirely, candid and did
'submit to the" committee all the reports In
his'posse'sslon:" ..; .- ¦¦' '.'•/: ':\:\\- • '"-, ' i :
'; Gardener's report is dated ; December 16,'
190li' and is largely' a ; review of conditions
in the province'.',-;' In the course of the re
port the Governor : says: .' ¦ , ';•'"'; ; \ ' .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
' ''In -the'.; course above, 'referred to the
, troops ' make" no distinction" often between
the ¦' property of those \ natives who are
. '"Almost '.without exception," soldiers and
also many officers refer to_ natives in their,
'presence'' as .'niggers/, and the natives " are
beginning '"> to ' understand what the -word
•nigger'^ means. . ¦"_... I ¦'.'. ' / / '
'^"The" course. now belng;pursued In this
: province j and , In the ' provinces of ;Batan
gas;;Laguna'and Samaf is, in, my opinion.
'sowing 1^ seeds i for^a*: perpetual >• revolution
against us hereafter^ whenever, a good, op
portunity offers. Under present conditions
; the} political' situation in, this province- Is
slowly -retrograding : and -the American
sentiment: Is decreasing and we iafe dally
making* permanent! enemies. ¦
BEGAEbED AS '. "N1QQEES."
ince , with., no .other escort than natives.
In' another recpmrnendatlon Ije.saj's: -'-'.
9i-' e 'As]c|\ii^Govefribr,V;I;feel It my duty
to 3ay that it Is my firm. conviction that
the , United ¦ States : troops 'should ; at i the
earliest opportunity be concentrated in one
or' two !' garrisons, | if- It ; is thought | desir
able I that the - good 'sentiment and loyalty,
that . formerly, existed toward -the , United
States among the people Vof -this province
should be ; conserved antt encouraged. '
"Being in close touch. with the '> people,
haying vislted # all the pueblas one or more
times; having lived with, them in their
homes, I know that such a sentiment once
existed, v Of ", late,'; by reason of the con
duct jof ; the troops,', such as the extensive
burning of the " barrios in 'trying to • lay
waste' the country V so Uhat the insur
gents cannot • occupy.' it, ,thie torturing,, of
natives' by > the so-called water cure-and
other methods, 1 in order to obtain Informa
tion ; the harsh treatment * of natives gen
erally,' ', and\the' failure of inexperienced,
lately : lieutenants commanding
posts,- to distinguish between those who
are" friendly and .' those unfriendly, and to'
treat every native as if he were, whether
or not, .'an insurgent at heart, this favor
able ; sentiment; above referred to ' is * be
ing.) fast •¦ destoyed ¦ and a '. .•; deep ' hatred
toward . L us engendered. If these things
need be done, they^had best be^done by
native . troops,' so that ' the ; people of the
United States will not be credited there-
Cruelty Is Alleged in
Tayabas.
ARMY.'; OFFICERS^; WHO. FIGURE
f CONSPICUOUSLY ;: IN CONDUCT
; ¦ ; OF, '•PHILIPPINE AFFAIRS.
Widow of the Martyred President to
B© Allowed. Five Thousand,
Dollars a Year.
WASHINGTON. April 10.— The House
Committee on Pensions ' to-day made -a
favorable report on the bill granting a
pension of $5000. per annum to the widow
of the late President McKinley.
The report was made by Representative
Sulloway of New Hampshire. It recites
the military career of President-McKin
ley, his services In Congress and as Presi
dent, and adds:
He left the nation for which he worked and
lfved In a prosperous condition and," like Lin
coln and Garfield, he was assassinated because
he w&i President of the United States, and lost
his life in the service of hie country.
HcKENLEY PE1TSION' BILL
IS FAVOBABLY EEPOETED
DESPEEATE RATTLE
¦ WITH FUGITIVE OUTLAWS
Five Members of Sheriff's Fosse Ara
Killed and I Two Others - Are
Wounded. ,
KNOXVILLE, Tenn., April .10.'— In a
battle between a Sheriff's posse and out
laws in Scott County, Va., this afternoon
five men, all members of the Sheriff's
posse, were killed, two : other ; posse men
¦were wounded and Jim Wright. , an es
caped Hancock County (Tenn.) murderer
shot ; and captured,
; "Wright wasj under a life sentence for
murder and escaped from the State prison
at Brushy.: Mountain two ' years . ago. He
returned ' to his haunts In Hancock
County. - Not " long after his ¦ return home
Sheriff Lager, of Hancock County waa
shot f romi ambush and killed. The crime
was. charged to Jim .Wright, John Tem
pietcn'and' the, latter's brothers. The al
leged motive was that Lager had kllle-J
the father of ...Templeton.^ .^Recently offi
cers have beenr planning ¦ to , trap ..Wright
In '1 his home," and ¦ he,: together with . John
Templeton ' and . ; other '. members of ; ? hid
gang, crossed the State line into Virginia.
They - have ; been in Scott County about a
month. 3 ' To-day * the Sheriff organized : a
'strong .posse :and .attempted ..to, arrest
them. •'• The' outlaws had ; been"" notified and
a ' pitched battle , resulted. < In addition to
¦ the* five '; deputy . Sheriffs jkllled^ Deputies
! j6e;Most and : Sain Wax were'; wounded.
"Although •VWright' was wounded and cap
¦tured, f all the other members'of his gang
'escaped. ' : ... '¦
Such Is the Rumor Current
at London, but It Is
Jf ONDON; April n. — The Central News is informed
1 S that a telegram was received hi London this morning
B from Pretoria saying that Steyn and Generals Dewet
and; Botha had agreed upon terms of peace. The tele
gram indicates that the. British terms have been accepted and
that peace has been arranged. -
The Financier and- Bullionist publishes a dispatch this
morning that the Boer leaders have accepted the British terms,
that peace has been arranged and that the terms of peace have
¦been cabled to the Boer -agents in Europe. Other unconfirmed
statements of a similar character are in circulation in London
to-night. It is said Rutherford B. Harris, former secretary, of
the British South Africa Company, has received information to
the same effect, but no reliable information concerning the
matter is obtainable.
AMSTERDAM, April 10.— Peace rumors of all kinds are
contradicted by Paul 'Kruger and Dr. Leyds. When Schalk
burger concludes his negotiations with the leaders in the field
he" will ask for the free use of the cable in order to con
suit with Kruger. > ' ¦.
-. < ¦ ';•'-' ; : . — ; — __ _ ..; - - .
i-- * f- OND P N « Anrl * 1 ?-~P 1 e Times. In Itajiecond ediUpri, a dispatch
*-'rgf. Vfrom faerfcsb^rp\t«ia\ed"Aprfl^^^ Schalk- .
¦M-~4 burger> and either , members of the Boer Government 'arrived, there by
train April 6arid ..that '.messages were sent inviting President Steyn and
General Delarey to come in and meet them.- While ) awaiting a reply General
Schalkburger and his party were occu pylng a hotel which had been reserved
\ for their "use. / ¦ .. - ,
The War Secretary, Brodrick. in , the House of Commons to-day, referring
. to the advices, from South Africa, said Schalkburger, Reitz. Lucas, Myer and
Jacobs had -been joined at Klerksdorp by General Botha and added that Steyn,
, Dewet, Delarey and \ three other members of the late Orange Free State Gov
ernment arrived at the same place yesterday. . No communication had been re
ceived from the Boer leaders except regarding safe conducts for the partici
pators of the conference.
The Colonial ! Secretary; Joseph Chamberlain, added the Information that no
limit had been fixed for the expiration of the safe conducts. These would be
extended so long as the negotiations were in progress, after which the delegates
would be allowed to return to their respective districts without hindrance.
( ALI ' BOEELEADEBS AT THE CONFEBENCE."
PRETORIA, Wednesday, April 9.— President Steyn of the Orange Free State,
Secretary of State. Reitz of the "Transvaal, Acting President Schalkburger of the
Transvaal and General. Lucas Meyer, commander-ln-chief of the Orange Frea
State forces, passed. through Kronstad, Orange Free State, Saturday, April . 6,
on their way to Klerksdorp, Southwestern Transvaal, where General Botha, the
Transvaal commander-in-chlef,; arrived Monday, April 7. It was expected that
.Generals Dewet and Delarey will attend the conference to take place there. It
is understood that the Boer leaders are fully possessed of the British peace terms
) and that the conference then assexnblins was to enable, the leaders to thoroughly
' discuss these terms.' - \ >;' : * . ,
It is expected that the final decision of the burghers will shortly be made
known. . *». '¦- ¦;
KLERKSDORP, Transvaal, April 9.— Steyn and Generals Dewet and Delarey,
with their staffs, arrived here "at noon to-day and are quartered in the town.
CONGRESS ACTS ON ?AULEGED BRITISH CAMP.
; WASHINGTON,- April . 10.— In the House to-day Representative Hitt of Illi
nois, chairman of the Foreign Affairs Committee, reported back the Sulzer reso
lution, calling 'upon the Secretary of State for the report, of the Governor of /
Louisiana and air other correspondence relating to the establishment of a
British base of supplies' near, New Orleans -and the shipment of horses and mulea
for the use of the British army in South Africa.
Secretary . Hay has been notified . by Peter Van Vllsslngen, through Gov- '
ernor Tates of Illinois, chairman of the ¦ Boer, relief fund committee, that the '
request on the State Department for permission for Dr. Thomas' and wife to
pass the military lines In S<juth Africa in connection with the extension of aid
to the Boer families has been withdrawn, Secretary Hay, by direction of the
' President, having " to-day cabled to United States Consul General Bingham at
Cape Town an instruction to draw on him for $3000, the amount of the fund, and
to exercise his own discretion In the distribution of the money among the Boer .
Buffefers. .¦•.,.':¦/..'.:.' <¦>"> - . . . •
w T% RUSSELS, April n, i a. m.' — Serious conflicts be
ff tween the rioters and the police, in which over thirty
' M J& persons were wounded, including women and chil
dren, occurred here late last night in the vicinity of the
Maison du Peuple. The first encounter took place in the Rue
des Minimes, where the. mob pelted the police with cobbles. The
police then charged with fixed bayonets, and as a result three,
men are severely and several others slightly wounded. The mob"
then proceeded to the Rue Stevens, hi front of the Maison du
Peuple, where a still more serious conflict occurred. Over a
hundred j-hots were fired from both sides. Women and children
were wounded here, and they, together with the men; injured,
were taken into the Maison du Peuple. •
Toward midnight the district of Brussels had the appear
ance of a city in revolt. The rioters had torn up* the street-car
rails and erected a sort of barricadVto fortify the^ir position at
the Maison.: By strenuous efforts the police managed to clear
the Rue Stevens, but the Maison du Peuple was left in posses-'
sion of the rioters; ,' :
jT-^RUSSELS. April 10.— Midnight.— At a Socialist meeting held In front of the
r^L Maison du Peuple this evening, the Socialist Deputies Definet and Del
*, ** fcastee advised the workmen present^to be prepared for a. 'general 'strike;
' dfTr, "fi"T^ing-j)ii^T*T»!hir« nf churches. and cafes, firing:" ; revolvers -and -
singing revolutionary songs. There were several collisions with, the police and
the civic guards, -who were forced to Jse their bayonets and the butts of their
rifles en the rioters. Several of the latter were injured and others were ar
rested, but on the whole the riots. to- day were milder than those of yesterday.
Every ¦window in the residence of Senator Count Demorode has been smashed.
Rioting also has .occurred at Ghent and Liege, where meetings in favor of a.
general strike have been held.
Repeated charges of police and mounted gendarmes with drawn sabers re
sulted In the dispersal of the rioting mobs here early this morning. During the
rioting one policeman was shot through the body and face. His comrades,
having exhausted their ammunition, fled, and the wounded man was over
whelmed, kicked and stoned. Another policeman sought refuge in the attic of
a cafe, whereupon the Socialists sacked the establishment, ' exploded a lamp
which set fire to the building and completed its ruin. The flames forced the
rioters to retire.
DYNAMITE IS TTSED BY THE EIOTEBS.
Another mob proceeded to the Northern Railroad station, where if collided
•with, the police. Revolver shots were exchanged and the rioters seized a police
man, beat him until he was unconscious and left him bleeding on the ground.
After many rioters had been wounded the mob dispersed.
The Civic Guards of Schaerbeek and St. Josse Ten Noode, near here, have
been ordered to be on duty and the burgomasters of those two communes
have prohibited assemblages in the streets of more than five persons. Lancers
and chasseurs have been dispatched to Charlerol, - where trouble is anticipated
this evening. ,*¦'¦?¦; • ~y~-'-''i : *. : v-
The Civic Guards cf La Louviere, where many buildings were dynamited last
night, have been reinforced by mounted chasseurs. A dynamite outrage has been
committed at Hcudeng Aimeras, In the province of Hainault. Cartridges were
exploded outside the Catholic Club, which was partially wrecked.
The Burgomaster of Liege has made a requisition for artillery and has called
out the Civic Guards there. All the troops at Liege are confined to their bar
racks. .r-'V-l-,
The Council General of the Labor party, in session here, has decided to issue
& manifesto recommending a- general strike for April 14. A warrant is about to
be issued for the arrest of M. Volkaert, president of the Society of the Young
Socialist Guards, whose membership were prominent during the riots of yester
day evening, who Is charged with being largely responsible for the disturbances.
TROOPS IN SYMPATHY WITH SOCIALISTS.
LONDON, April 11. — The Brussels correspondent of the Daily Mail says the
reservists who were called out In consequence of the riots arrived there yes
terday singing revolutionary songs. ; At the station they were met by Socialists,
who distributed red leaflets to them, in which it is said the Socialist women were
confident the militia would not fire on the Socialists if the command to do so
was slven.
- A non-commissioned officer, who ordered the arrest of one of the distributors
of these leaflets, was loudly hooted. One Antwerp firm alone, continues the cor
respondent, recently sold 17,000 revolvers to the Socialists.
A dispatch to the Exchange Telegram Company from Brussels says that
troops called out in connection with the riots are in a state bordering on mutiny.
Many of the militia responded to v the call to* the colors, but are. marching
through the streets "singing the "Carmagnole" and the "Marseillaise."
Great excitement prevails In the industrial districts. Several militiamen have
been arrested for insubordination and the regulars : are confined to their bar
racks. Ball cartridges have been Issued to the troops.
Many Persons Are Injured
in Conflicts and a Street
Is Barricaded.
CIVIL GOVERNORS REPORT
EXTERMINATION OF NATIVES
IN PHILIPPINE PROVINCES
BRITISH TERMS
ARE ACCEPTED
RIOTS BECOME
VERY SERIOUS
TWO important pieces of news come from Europe, the first being that peace terms have been agreed upon assumed alarming proportions. More than a score of persons
were injured last night during conflicts between- the police and mobs of Socialists at the Belgian capital/-. Intone street' rioters are bcliind barricades and the police, are unable to dislodge them. -In this district the demonstration has the
From Pretoria this morning comes the welcome report that the 'Boer leaders have accepted the British terms of peace. The rumors are not credited in some quarters, particularly at Amsterdam, where they are contradicted
REPORT OF PLACE IN SOUTH AFRICA;
CIVIL REVOLT AT BELGIAN CAPITAL
ySAK^ra
VOLUME XCI— NO. 132.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
The San Francisco Call.
One Hundred Thousand Inhabitants of
Batangas Perish Since War BegawHEALDSBURG COUPLE WHO
CELEBRATED GOLDEN AN
NIVERSARY OF MARRIAGE.
OFFICERS PURSUE " : !. ' ¦ Kv . - -
A GIRI/S MURDERER
SAN. BERNARDINO. April ' 10.— John
Eruce,.a leader among the Indians about
Hcsperla.. forty miles from here. Is being
chased through the mountains by a Sher
iff's posse, who want him for the murder
of an Indian girL . .
The crime is <*aid to have been a pe
culiarly heinous one. the murderer hav
ing mutilated the body in a shocking man
ner after he had beaten the girl to death
He is Jieavily armed and figrhtln? is al
most certain . to follow if /.he is driven to
bay. i - • •; ¦.-.¦¦; ,
WASHINGTON, April 10.— Surgeon Em-
Hn H. Marsteller, U. S. N.", will be tried
by court-martial, , having been charged
with drunkenness on board the" training
ship Lancaster, to which lie is attached.
The trial. will take place ; at. Port Royal,
S. C. about April 15. . ,.
Navy . Surgeon to Be ! Court-Martialed
MANILA, April 10.— Excitement prevails
here on account of the; arrest 'of the edi
tor and* proprietor (of '. Freedom, a local
publication, which' la. charged with sedi
tion In publishing recently an article from'
an American periodical * to ( which '=. the
: editor of Freedom agreed. :; He also added
remarks of his own, censuring.the United
States Commission's rule and saying that
when ( it 'started in ' July last every . paper
in the .city upheld it. since which > time
they - had • all ' dropped by , the wayside, as
they would not support arbitrary-govern
ment, .'.'especially when evidences off car
pet-bagging and -: rumors of 'graft', were
too thick -to be pleasant." :i.
; The. main charges :made" ar$ that " in
many cases the Filipino office-holders are
rascals : and. that the commission has I ex
alted j to : the . highest positions v Filipinos
,who are notoriously corrupt. -->^|R«nBM
\ The editors of. the Volcanl also have
been , arrested on ' a suit of the Govern
ment - for demanding the ' removal of the
Judge i who recently -tried Senor Valdez,
(the editor, of a< local i Spanish paper, .who
was '> fined ' 4000 pesetos for, libeling, two
Filipino members of the commission) .an-.l
who ' is now try ing > the - editor , of Freedom
under the sedition law.
' These proceedipfs have aroused "the en
tire \ press of .* Manila and; Its- representa
tives • met ) to-day: and ; resolved | to ; send * a
committee to I the Commissioners | to argue
against the 'injustice 'of the 'proceedings.
Tha ¦ meetlnsr ¦ aiaa ¦ dalarraincuf v to. -¦ utid .< a.
Great Excitement.
Arrest of .Manila Editors Causes
CHARGED WITH SEDITION.
WASHINGTON, April lO.-An effort
was made late to-day in the * Senate to
obtain an agreement for a vote on the
Chinese exclusion bill, but it was un
successful. The indications now are that
the vote will be taken nexj .Tuesday. The
measure was under discussion during
the entire session to-day, except for
about an hour, in which time the post
office appropriation bill was considered
and passed. Three . speeches were made
against the Chinese bill .in its present
form, Dillingham of Vermont • conclud
ing his remarks and Stewart- of Nevada
and Hoar of Massachusetts stating their
objections to the bill. Stewart said he
would vote for the measure If it was tfie
best that could be had, as he favored the
exclusion of Chinese laborers, but he was
opposed tq, many of its provisions. Hoar,
with much feeling, announced. his vigor
ous opposition to the bill, declaring that
he never would vote for it. '
Early in the evening Depew of New
York .-poke briefly against the adoption
of the resolution providing for the ejec
tion of Senators by popular vote. Tn ef
fect he served notice on u those States
which had limited their suffrage: that if
the resolution was . enacted a demand
would be made on thorn to accord all
1 heir citizens the right to vote or .suffer
a loss of representatives : hi Congress.
Vote for It.
Senator Hoar Declares
That He Wjl^Never^
SPEAKS AGAINST
EXCLUSION BILL
Rebellion Is Speedily Crushed.
SAN DOM/NGO, April 10.— The Domin
ican . Government ; has crushed the rebel
lion, which broke ' out on the south coast
recently..' Several of the ringleaders es
caped to Hayti. Others were madeprls-
Governor Taft. it Is said, hopes to be
Able to start for Manila In the cdurse of a
few weeks. ¦ , ' • - • •
WASHINGTON, April 10.— Bishop
O'Gonnan of Sioux Falls, S. IX, called at
the War Department to-day and had a
short talk with Secretary Root with rela
tion to the present and future status of
the church in the insular possessions of
the United States, and particularly the
questions which have arisen in connec
tion , with the acquisition by the Philip
pine Government of the lands belonging
to the religious orders.
In the face of the existing vacancy in
the post of Archbishop • of ' Manila there
is no one to speak to the authorities here
upon these / questions, except Bishop
O'Gorman and Mgr. Sbaretti, the latter
fresh from the Vatican. If there were an
Archbishop of Manila the disposition of
the authorities would be to deal with him
directly In the matter, inasmuch as he
would be the one person legally empow
ered to transfer title to the friars' lands,
which are ! nominally held in his name.
But in the absence of such a legal custo
dian at Manila" it may become necessary
for the United States Government to deal
with the Vatican, either directly at Rome,
through Governor Taft, when he returns
to Manila from the United States, or here
at Washington, through some of the pre
lates duly authorized to act. .
Secretary Root.
Bishop O'Gonnan Has a Talk With
STATUS OF THE CHURCH.
Waller's Defense.
- MANIliA, April 10.— The members of
the court-martial trying Major Littleton
W. T. Waller of the Marino Corps on
the charge of executing natives of Sa
mar without trial were to-day handed
the records of Balangiga, island of Sa
mar. They were mostly a series of let
ters from the Insurgent General Lukban
informing the officials of certain facts
and congratulating • them on ; a victory.
There was one from Gueverra, the In
surgent leader, telling the officials not to
elve. out' certain details, as it was con
.trary to. the laws of war.-. One letter
from the President ¦ of Balangiga. ad
dressed to Lukban, said he had agreed
on the policy of doing what the Ameri
cans v liked. . and then when the oppor
tunity offered rising against themV
. Counsel notified the court that they
had finished with their wltnessese and the
court was requested to allow Major Wal
ler to speak to-morrow, before the reg
ular address of counsel
Treachery of Insurgents a Point in
LETTERS FROM LX7KBAN.
cable message to President . Roosevelt,
urging him to take steps to prevent the
commission from using the sedition law
in such cases to prove lese majeste
against editors. ; The meeting, which was
enthusiastic, was also largely attended by
lawyers, doctors and others.
tendered them a delightful reception nt
their home on North street. The bride
of half a century ago was presented with
a silver service, and a gold-headed cane
was the old-time groom's gift. ' . :, .. .
The statement was made at to-day's
session that next week a number of en
listed men would be heard as to, the prac
tice of the "water cure", in!- the Philip
pines and that ; soon , afterward- Admiral
Dewey and General Anderson" would be
requested to testify. \
Then followed a long colloquy, In which
General MacArthur , explained that after
he had released Mabini he continued : his
agitation. \ : ; : - ,-.v, ¦ ',
"His agitation in support of Filipino in
dependence?" suggested Senator-Patter
son. ; ..¦¦¦¦•" / . .:'.'---., ¦
"His agitation was in support of the in
surrection," insisted 'General ¦ MacArthur.
The committee adjourned until ¦ to-mor
row. •• -."-¦' ' ¦¦ ••: \ ¦¦ :V ¦ - •-¦ .: ;..•"• ; -
"Then, if under these conditions with
such disparity 'of arms, the Filipinos
stood up and fought, are they not the
bravest people that ever went to war?"
asked^ Senator Patterson. ¦, ¦"¦ ..' :- ¦•'
"They did not » stand up and fight after
the first battle,'.' replied the witness. * - ¦¦:•
"Then, if- -.they did not fight, is it not
true, as I have, asked, that- their killing
was nothing -more than' slaughter?',',
"No ; . that is , not the case. / The • war i3
the most humane that' was ever fought. ,
It is. simply a question of efficiency
against inefficiency." ; • .'-.::. : -
Senator :Carmack' questioned General
MacArthur 'as to his meaning when he
stated- in his report of 1901 that there was
an organized and systematic effort to
have Chinese immigration, continued for
the purpose of exploiting the Islands.
General MacArthur said: he had intend
ed to bring out the fact that the large
European and American • planters in the
islands all demand Chinese ' labor,* as the
Chinaman is the cheapest and most: in
defatigable ' laborer in. the -world. Their
hope was; he -said, to continue the flood
of immigration from China,' as they Were
reluctant to come to Xthe American stan
dard of .wages. He~did not believe it
weuld be [difficult to keep the Chinese
out, and he was of the opinion that when
better wages should' be Established the
natives . would prove acceptable as la
borers. ( :• : * ¦ ¦ ' • ,
Speaking ¦ of ; the .educated Filipinos.
General MacArthur- saiu ¦ that many of
them were men of good character and
generally showed ability. .Among others
of ' whom he.. spoke was Mabinl, who, he
said, had a', dream of •. a Polynesian : con
federacy, "an 1 able man,- but a dreamer,
and unfortunately paralyzed," he added..,
"Where is v he now?", asked Senator Pat
terson." - — -¦•.. - T .« ¦
"In Guam," laconically responded/the
witness. % ; •• c -a :/ ¦ ' ' »'.
"How did he get there ?'-'
R "I sent him 'b€caus,e he was an agita
tor "
FILIPINO BRAVERY.
Soon after tho wedding they started for
California and were six months crossing
the plains. It was not until 1856 that they
came to Healdsburg and engaged in the
hotel business. Subsequently Clack * be
came a successful cattle-grower. He'.waa
also In the livery stable business, and at
one time conducted the Sotoyome House.
In politics he has been conspicuous, hav
ing at various times been constable, '.dep
uty. Sheriff,: deputy- Assessor and -City
Marshal. '¦- . ¦r--v> < '--.; : .--\ ¦¦¦>. .~-j ?.-.-=>¦ " > -
: A.- great number. £t -friends of -^he couple
consider it very :f estimate -that such; wa.3
not-: the case.''. ••':'¦ < i'AC'M--'^) • % ; - : ..<•
rPresBing hl3 questions; Senator. Patter
son a?k€d if the killing of .twenty
pinos to-one American was- not "simple
slaughter.". ; ¦ •¦• /' ¦ .?-. ' "•/ ¦'¦¦
"No," replied General MacArthur;- "not
when your adversary stands up and fights
1'OU.'* " '
U tt EALDSBURG. April .10.— The
[ — i I golden wedding aniversary ¦ of
I I Mr. and Mrs. John W_ Clack,
il 11. prominent residents of this city,
was celebrated Tuesday in an
interesting and impressive manner.
The venerable couple "are among His
very few' remaining Mendocino \, County
pioneers. . Mrs. Clack is a native of Mis
souri, where her ' birth occurred' October
31, 1S33. John Wood Clack is a Ken
tuckian and was born May 24, 1831. The
marriage took place In Jackson County,
Mo., April 8, 1852. :
WASHINGTON, April 10.— The debate
on the Cubcn reciprocity bill in the House
to-day was devoid of enlivening features.
The most notable speech of the day was
made by Grosvenor of Ohio. He declared
that DIngley opposed the sugar schedule
of the DIngley bill on the ground that It
was unreasonably high, and that he tad
only been induced to, acquiesce in It in
the expectation that "the tariff on sugar
would be used to promote reciprocity.
He said with 'great : emphasis that . he
had never yet permitted himself to . wor
•5 hip the tarffT system, aa 1 a feOch not to
be touched or examined: He warned the
young Republicans about him that If tney
believed tne present tariff schedule were
to be forever defended they had as well
retire . tV private life. The: Republican
party, he "announced, must not cha.n.it-.
self to tariff schedules. : He declared that
the Republican party dared, not in 189t>
pledge itself to the re-enactment .a. tne
McKinley bilL It was not a question ol
schedules, but of protective principle..
\ He predicted that the time would ¦ come
.when there -would te an inexorable ae
mand for changes In the present sched
ules, but that it had not yet come, we;
warned his Republican colleagues who
were opposing the present bill ana^wno
proposed to overturn the rulings or tne
chair to accomplish its defeat that they
might -plunge the whole country Into ,&
"premature agitation for a revision of
the tariff." *v
With some feeling Grosvenor tneo
answered the charges of Inconsistency
brought against himself. He called atten
t«on to 'the remarks on reciprocity made
by President Roosevelt at Charleston
yesterday, which . he described "the best
speech the President ever made, and
humorously remarked that he wonaerea
at the temerity in making such state
ments while Republicans in the House
were denouncing such sentiments as
I party disloyalty. The present tariff on
raw sugar, he declaraed, was higfc be
yond all reason. If the 20 per cent re
duction were made the tariff on sugar
would then be '5 per cent higher than the
framers of the Dingley bill intended. If
the beet-sugar people had an industry
that could not stand against the world
with H 40 a hundred protection then it
would better be abandoned. , . 1
In conclusion Grosvenor denied tnat
the pending bill constituted an assault
upon the protective theory. He said that
96 per cent of the people of the country
favored it because they did not believe
Cuba should be. treated so harshly, that
she would be forced into the Union.-; •
-Weeks of Michigan followed .Grosvenor
with a speech in opposition to the bill.
He argued that there was no obligation
upon us to aid Cuba. • V . -' ,' r^r^
Lawrence *of Massachusetts, said his
chief reason for supporting' the bill wa3
that the United Spates owed a moral ob
ligation to grant Cuba this relief. .
Thayer of Massachusetts took advan
tage of the latitude allowed in general
debate to discuss his resolution which
called on the Attorney General for infor
mation as to what steps, if any, had been
*taken to investigate .certain published
charges of the existence of ; a meat com-
Price of Illinois pointed out what the.
•United States had done for Cuba and-de
clared that if there was a moral obliga
tion to enact this legislation for Cuba's
benefit, which he. dfnied,' the- conditions
in the island did ndt justify tt-.- Ha. in
sisted that the conditions In the Island
had been misrepresented; and saidl^that
Cuba this year produced more "sugar ; than
she had for years and that the price of
labor there to-day .was higher than it
was in the Northwestern States. : Price
said the present bill was more of a Dem
ocratic than a Republican measure. -
At 4:40 p. m. the House adjourned.
of Inconsistency Made
Against Him.
Grosvenor Answers Charges
Congressmen Review the
Provisions of Pending
Measure.
"An increased death rate ' to the army
might have been satisfactory to some ar
gument3," ha -said, "but I • nevertheless
Governor Taft also said that while | ' in
his testimony he had produced reports
from Governors of twenty-three organ
ized provlncesVhe had "expressly limited
them to those in which there wa3 no In
surrection." True, Tayabas had not
been turned over to the- military author
ities, but the writ of habeas corpus had
been suspended there in the case of mili
tary nrisoners. He added that he - had "
promised only to submit reports .from
pacified provinces, and that, in accordance
with this promise, .he had submitted "all
such reports received. Hence he asserted
that he had not disobeyed the rules of the
committee. . ' .
Commenting upon these explanations. of
Governor Taft Senator Culberson read
from the record of the Governor's testi
mony before the committee where he 'had
said, after submitting the twenty-three
reports referred to, that it was "quite
possible there might -be in the mall other
reports," and that If so he would pro
duce them. -Senator Culberson also said
that no claim had been imade that Ta
yabas was not an organized province and
that it" was evident that Governor Taft
had been In possession of the report
concerning that province when he wa3
before the committee.
"I am willing to submit to the record,'
said Senator Culberson, "whether Gov
ernor Taft was entirely, candid and "¦ qia^
submit all the resorts in his. possession. 1 '
WAS "SIMPLE SLAUGHTER.". \
General Mac Arthur was again the wit
ness before the committee to-day, and he
began his statement with reference to, the
burning of villages by the native forces
In 1899. He said* that the order for this
destruction had been Issued by General
Lur.a, and he found that this was due .to
the fact that Luna had been a student of
Napoleon's campaigns, and had conceived
the Idea that he could, compel the Ameri
can forces to retreat as the Russians had
forced the French conqueror to retreat
from Moscow. > In this connection General
MacArthur read a i number; of orders ¦ in
the field and enjoining the utmost kind
ness in the treatment of . captured "' and
wounded members of the enemy's forces.
* In one of these orders ' the r American
fcrces were instructed to' kill if possible
the enemy . with arms in ¦ his possession,
and in reply to questions General 'Mac-
Arthur said that in war the prime object
is to disable the enemy. and to kill him
if possible when in battle. >. To the • good
marksmanship of; the Americans Is at
tributed the large proportion of Filipinos
who were, killed in battle to ; the - number
Wounded. Senator. Patterson ;¦•; asked -: ! a
number of . questions in this connection,
li.- tended to bring out, the fact that the
number of killed among the Filipinos was
so much out of proportion to the Ameri
can loss as to require an
General MacArthur held to his position
that the / disproportion : was no greater
than was to be * expected under the . cir
cumstances. ¦• ¦ •; ¦•¦¦ •"¦¦¦• ¦ .'.•.;' '.v
AS EXPLAINED r BY TAFT.
"The attitude of the army, thereby
meaning most of Its officers and soldiers,
is, however, decidedly, hostile to the. prOr
vincial and municipal- governments in thla
province and' to- civil government in these
islands in -seneral. In Manila especially
it Is intensely so, even among the higher
officers. The work of the commission in
the establishment of provincial govern
ments is ridiculed even in the presence
of the natives. It is openly stated, that
the army should remain in charge for :the
next, twenty years. Outrages committed
by- officers. and soldiers against -natlv«s~-in
an organized municipality - and province,
when reported by the Presidente or-Giiv
ernor, to the military authorities; are
often not punished. This; in my opinion,
is unfortunate, because, loyal natives i be
gin to fear that local self-government
promised them will not last long, and that
any slight disturbance in a province may
at any time be made the pretext to again
place It under military rule, and this is
Just the thing the Insurgents at heart
most desire. . •.-.•,." : '.'. ¦' .¦
"It has been stated that a Filipino or
an . Oriental does not appreciate Just_br.
kindly treatment and that he considers it
an evidence of weakness und- that severe
and - harsh measures are the* onlv- ones
that are admittedly effective with Fili
pinos. I have found ' that just and kind
treatment, uniform and continued, is the
only way by which' these people can. be
come our friends and satisfied With United
States sovereignty. , ¦• ;!¦":_
"Having been stationed six years on the
Rio Grande, I ; am • well - acquainted ..- with
the natives of Mexico, and while in the
province of Santa Clara, Cuba I visited
every town in that province and was able
to observe the intelligence, and education
there: I believe that the people of'.Tay
abas province are in every way superior
in education, Intelligence, morals and civ
ilization to the people of the State of
Tamaulipas, Mexico, or Santa Clara.' .. .
"As an officer of the army I : regret. that
my . duty as civil governor 1 of this; pro
vince impels me to state the attitude^ of
the majority of my fellow officers toward
civil government in the islands and^lts
effect upon the people, but I feel that the
interests of the Government as involved
in the future of these, people, for whose
welfare we are responsible, are of .such
vast importance that I ought to -report
things as I see and know them. In /order
that my civil superiors may be able In
telligently to order what the situation de
mands." - . i. '.-' .-. '
OEDEREB TO, INVESTIGATE.;
With the report is a copy of a letter
by General Corbin to General Chaff ee
dated February 19, saying he Incloses the
report of Major Gardener, and that thero
should be a complete investigation. There
also is a cable message dated April 2 in
which General Chaffee is directed to make
the . investigation with all speed possible.
In connection with the report Secretary
Root also forwarded to tne committee a
telegram from Governor Taft, dated at
Cincinnati on the 8th inst., in which, he
said: . . .-.::¦• ' . : ; :.
i "This report was handed to my ' secre
tary just before- r sailed from Manila.
On reaching Washington I submitted It to
Secretary Root, with 'the statement that
Colonel Gardener was successful as mili
tary commander at Tayabas in keeping
it peaceful; that he was a good Gov
ernor and was popular with the people,
and that I would believe implicitly any
thing stated of his knowledge, but,* I
feared that the great friction between
him and those officers, succeeding him in,
military command had so Influenced his
Judgment that charges made by 'him,
necessarily based on evidence of others,,
against the conduct of military affairs in
the provinces ought not to be acted ¦ on
without giving those accused an oppor
tunity to be heard, and that, had I. read
the report before leaving Manila, v- 1
should have referred It to General Chaf
fee for Investigation and comment. The
Secretary of War accordingly directed. me
to transmit the same to him for the pur
pose of forwarding it to General Chaffee,
and I did so under date of February 17."
ATTITUDE OF THE ABMY.
Insurgents or Insurgent sympathizers anil
the property of those who Heretofore have
risked their lives by being loyal to^the
United State3 l and giving us ¦ Information
against their countrymen in arms. Often
every house in a barrios is burned.; \ .., 7
"In my opinion the small number of Ir
reconcilable insurgents still in arras, al
though admittedly difficult to catch, does
not Justify the means employed, especially
when taking into consideration the suffer
ing that must be undergone by the inno T
cent and its effect on. the relations with
these people hereafter. .
"The work of the Philippine Commis
sion and the laws that have been enacted
by it are everywhere favorably comment
ed upon by natives. The efforts -being
made for . the general ' education of the
people are appreciated by all. . .The pro
vincial government and p the -municipal
government established are slowly bring
ing order out of chaos anG anarciiy.-ixr
RESUME DEBATE
ON CUBAN BILL
FRIENDS MAKE HAPPY
A. GOLDEN ANN IVERSARY
Pioneer Residents of : Healdsburg Who; Were
• Married Fifty Years Ago- Hold Cele
bration in the Sonoma County Town
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, FBIDAY, APRIL 11, 1902.
Continued From Page One.
THE ¦ Citit GOVERNORS REPORJ
2
PAINE'S CEUSBY COMPOUND.
BLESS 1HEM!
-
Are They Frail, Restless and
Nemos?
PAINE'S CELERY
COMPOUND
Will Make Them Vigorous, Healthy,
Bright and Happy.
As a rule, parents are to blame if their
children are puny, weak, iisrvous and Ir-
ritable. The little one3 may be well
clothed and "fed, yet still bo sadly neg-
lected from a physical point of. < view. ?
It should be remembered that t;ie chll-
dreri ; inherit many of. "the troubles that
parents suffer from. Thousands of little
ones are subjects of nerve troubles, a con-
tition inherited from father or mother.
This nervous condition begets irritable-
ness, bad temper, headache, in Jlscstioa
and" stomach- derangements. Such chil-
dren need the best and most intelligent
care, or they will grow up In misery ani v
disease.
'.'UIv.a the little ones Paine'.3 Celery Com-
pound for the next few 'weekc :and note
well -Its fortifying effect on the nervou3
system; watch the growth in muscle, and
flesh. C :''^A
Thousands of thankful letters have
been received from glad fathers and
r mothers who have had their dear ones
perfectly restored to health and! strength
by Paine's -Celery Compound. "
Mr.' J. P. Surface. Bluefleld, VA Va.,
deems it necessary to give testimony in
favor of Paine's, Celery Compound. His
little son was nervous and in a dangerous
cond^ion from heart trouble. Dr. Phelps*
marvelous prescription was used, and the
little fellow's health Is no.w satisfactory.
Mr. Surface writes thus: "Up to the time
our Httle boy commenced to take Paino's
Celery Compound he had heart trouble.
Every night after going to bed h.3 would
have nervous spells and could not get his
bicath and did not know what ho was
doing. In sis r weeks that he has been
using Paine's Celery Compound he has
wonderfully improved in health aud
strength.'.' '
m 1 Ifftvn nvCC Color any thine any color.
lHAillUfti) IllEJ Never fall! Always sure!
-««-. UW. VIGOR, VITALITY for MEN
£&**& MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
/?»«^ Pt^ have been in use over fifty
RrtWfa' s tekA years by the leaders ol the
W"*^** SiiSfa Jlormon Church and their
iSSS^^SB followers. Positively cure the
fyWf/^.'S3g3| worst casea In old and youn?
' «\. *ai"V "K2| arising from eftect3 of self-
vShmTV'tSij abuse, dissipation, excesses or
Lrcft&&2K' cigarette-smoking. Cure Lost
' ¦ «^«S«^ Manhood.. Impotency. Lost
; >jgJBgSjr Power, NIsht Losses, Insom-
nia. Pains in Back. Evil Desires. Lame Back.
Nervous Debility, Headache, Unntness to Mar-
ry. Loss of Semen. «r Varlcocele or Con-
st Jpation. Stop Ner *3 \ 9 vous Twitching ot
Eyelids. Effects are Z^m^vtm Immediate. Im-
part vigor and poto »•*«¦ *^ ncy to every func-
tion. Don't get despondent; a cure Is at hand.
Restore- small, undeveloped organs. Stimulate
the brain aad serve centers; 50c a box; 6 for
$2 60 by mall. A written guarantee to cure or
money refunded with 6 boxes. Circulars free.
Address BI3HOP. REMEDY CO.. 40 Ellis St..
San Francisco. CaL GRANT DRUG CO.. 3S
and 40 Third st. _•
d visit DR. JORDAN'S great 6
OF flHflTOIUff
9 S^ 13S1MA tXCT 2S.IH. fo&?X S.T.Cil. k
\ ,CS^ . Tba Largest A natwiol Museum in the \
0 aMS¥>tk. ' orid - Weakaeates or any contracted g
V {KftW **eaxe p*«l«l»^lye»re*hytheoldeit T
® «§Wl Specialiit on ihe Cout. Em. 36 years. <j
fl^^O DR - JORDAM-DISEASES OF MEN A
\ I Consultation free »nd saietij priTite. \
V i S\t fl Trratment personally or by letter. A a
\ S s ttft ******* C^'ineveryeMenndeTtaken. \
tiVll llA Write for Book. PniLOIOPBY.r A
f • J J 7 * BAXBIAGE, MAILED FREE. ( A. f
Jk & lr valuable book for mra) \
V DO. JOBDAJf A CO.. 1051 Market St. 8. F. 9
FOR OVER SIXTY YEARS
AN OLD AND WELL-TRIED REMEDY.
MRS. WLNSLOW3 SOOTHING SYRUP
has been used for over SIXTY TEARS by
MILLIONS of MOTHERS for their CHILDREX
WHILE TEETHING. WITH PERFECT SUC-
CESS. IT SOOTHES th« CHILD. SOFTENS
the GUMS. ALLAYS all PAIN; CURES WINJ>
COLIC, and Is the beat remedy for DIAiu
RHOEA. Sold by Drug-gists in every part of
the world. Be 1011-0 and ask for
MBS. WINSLOW'S SOOTHING SYBU?
AND TAKE NO OTHER KIND.
.Twenty-Five Cents a Bottle.
BM MBsySV A ' v^H^^^. -^H -^~^~ _¦
Bw' BflSHi mP^Bk J9 #^» pj
?^i gpM %V /Sim fqH^fc^J /feffem
tIERCE'S
FAVORITE
SCEIPTION
, RWEAKWOWEW.
BAJA CALIFORNIA v
Damiana Bitters
1 B tot .^ E N A e^ ESTORATIVE ' . **VIGORA-
The Mexican Remedy for DlaeaseVof t1f.f £\*
823 Market »t.. S. F— (Send for CirculaWl
WONG WOO
¦UT CHINESE TEA AND HERB
tSA J SANITARIUM.
'rfsm!* 764 ' 66cla yst. 1 s.F.,cii.
f£M^i$y A "* DISEASES I .UREO
? R USHESESH
brewers bookbinder*, candy-makers. caaS
«yer«. floormntj. foundrle*. laundries i piperi
h »n«rw. . printer*, painters. .hoT factorte*!
•tablemen. Ur-roofer*. tanners, toiler*. «tc
bUCHANA.N BROS
Brush Manufactures. 609 Sacramento St
: Oppression. SolTocatloa, NeoraMa, etc. , cored by
ESPIG'S CIGARETTES.or POWDER
P»ri», J. BSPIC ; New York, B. FOUG ERA & CO.
SOLD BY A1X DRUGCISTV^
AUTOMATIC SHELL EJECTING
\V\ " - il S2 or 38 Caliber. *3.7S
nnVSll Vrl £°- San Francisco.
liVTVlf Wl Gun». FJahJns Tackla
, and Sportins Good*.
' BmA tor Catalo-u* ,
ADVERTISEMENTS.::
attention;
VOTERS!
Register jt Once.
All citizens must register to
vote at any Election of 1902.
Office open from 8:30 a. m. to 5
p. mv and WEDNESDAY
EVENING from 8 to 9. ~ ;. ¦'
By order of the Board of Elec-
tion Commissioners.
THOMAS J. WALSH,
Registrar of Voters.
\
*«i« cignature Is on erery box of the gennloo
Laxative Bromo-QuinineTabieu
Wj reiuedy that euwa cold io one O*j.
NEW ADVEBTISEMENTS.; ;:
NO • GREASE OR > DANGEROUS
, DRT7G3 ; ;•
Iny"Herpicide,", the V New Sciciitiflc
and Successful DandfufiE Treatments' ;
Have you dandruff? .Then : yqu : have a
contagious parasite disease, unpleasant.,"
unhealthy and- one that will eventually,
lead to baldness. To cure it you must/de-
stroy the parasite* that eats at the : root
of the hair.:,;- The' only, preparation for de-
stroying; these "* germs Is Newbro's Herpi-
cide. Charles ; Klein .'i.Wyo.V"
says: *. "Herpiclde allayed - the -I Itching,";
cured the dandruff : and stopped my : hair's
falling out ; and it is bringing: a- new^ ciro'p
of hair." Herpiclde Is free from grease or
dangerous : drugs, -and - makes : hair glossy:
and soft as silk. One bottle will convince
you of it^ merits. , ... ¦¦;¦:;?•
.. PS. KILMEB'S SWAMP-BOOT.
KIDNET TROUBLE, LAME
BACK AND RHEUMATISM
CURED BY SWAMP-ROOT.
To Prov^ What the Grsat Kidney Remedy, Swamp-
Root, Will Do for YOU, Every Reader of The Call
May Hays a Sample Bottle Sent Free by Mail.
TACOMA, Wash., Nov. 29, 190L
DR. KILMER & CO., Binghamton, N. Y. , ,
• Gentlemen: It ffives me great pleasure to add ray testimonial to that of hun-
dreds of others regarding the wonderful curative properties ; of Swamp-Root. I
had a lame back three years ago before leaving North Dakota for the ' coast.
Soon after my arrival in the Puget Sound country, it became very much worse.
I felt certain that the coast climate had given me acute rheumatism and came
to the conclusion that I could net live in this climate. Later I became con-
vinced that what I really had was kidney trouble, and that the rheumatism was
due to my kidney trouble. The lameness in mv back increased rapidly and I
had other symptoms which indicated that I would soon be prostrated unless I ob-
tained relief quickly. Noticing your oiler of a sample bottle of Swamp-Root,
frpe, I had a friend write for one and began taking it immediately. Within
three weeks the lameness in my back began to disappear. During that fall and
winter I took three one-dollar bottles of Swamp-Root, with the result that I be-
came completely cured. I no longer have pains in my back and can exercise vio-
lently without feeling any bad effects. I have recommended Swamp-Root to sev-
eral cf my ac<juaintanc<?s who were similarly affected and without exception they
have been greaUy 'benefited by its use. Yours very truly.
(T. F. McHurh.) **S t/ / / * - 01V o t o m]M ,
Jjr . <0l E. St., SOUta.
Lame back is only one symptom of kidney trouble— one of many— and Is na-
ture's timely warning to show you fthat the track of health, is not clear.
If these danger signals are unheeded, more serious results are sure to follow;.
Bright s Disease, which is the worst form of kidney trouble, may steal upon you.
The great kidney remedy. Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root, is used in the leading
hospitals, recommended by physicians in their private practice, and Is taken by
ooctors themselves who have kidney ailments, because they recognize in It the
greatest and niost successful remedy for kidney, liver and bladder troubles.
EDITORIAL NOTE— Swainp-Root has been tested in so many ways and has '
proven so successful in every case that a special arrangement has been made
by which all readers of The Call who have not already tried it may have a sam-
ple bottle sent absolutely free by mail. Also a book telling all about Swamp-
Root, and containing many of the thousands upon thousands of testimonial let-
ters received from men and women who owe their good health, in fact their very
lives., to the wonderful curative properties of Swamp-Root. In writing, be sure
and mention reading this generous offer in the San Francisco Daily Call when
sending your address to Dr. Kilmer & Go.. Binehamton. >,*». T.
If youfcre already convinced that Swamp-Root is what ybu need, you can pur-
chase the regular fifty-cent and one-dnliar size bottles at the drug stores everv-
where. Don t make any mistake, but remember the name, Swamp-Root. Dr. Kil-
mer s Swamp-Root, and the address. Bir.ghamton. N. Y., on every bottle.
P^^^^mHe a Meteor
, - ' : ':*C *^ C electric lighted ecuuehes of the
-Shoot Eastward through the night like 2*. Meteor in. I
speed this luxurious train m&Kes the journey from I
Saiv Francisco to Clvicz^o in tKvee dAy». I
During to-da^ and tomorrow we will sell four- i f
bit Imperial, Ties for 3 5jc. They are all silk, of Persian ;
designs in brown, green, bronze, blue, black and car-
dinal effects.
True, 15c does not seem like much of a saving on
: one tie, but . three ties for $1 .65. is considerably cheaper
•^ than two for $1.00.'. .'"
Remember, Persian Ties are all the go this year.
Hadn't you better buy. a half a dozen at this price?
You can have them al 1; different/ for "the patterns are
quite varied. -' . . . . J
; . Out-of-iown orders filled— write us. ~'-*^ u ~"'~
- ,'¦'.. \- '"' ' ' ' ¦-
718^Mapket StreetSpecial Dispatch to The Call.
; NAPA, April 10.— Mrs. Jacob Baumann,
a guest 1 : at. Napa: Soda' Springs, a resort
seven miles from this city, was the victim
of, a - horrible' accident at that ¦ place
W^ednesday night. by being fatally^ burned
in flames': which 1 ignited her clothing. ,
¦ The unfortunate; woman was supposed
to have been carrying a candle, which
she dropped, and this probably set fire
to^ her clothes. The accident occurred
about 8 o'clock and. Mrs. Baumann lived
until 4Vo'clock\Thursday. morning, when
death ended. her sufferings. . . , ' - , ¦ / .
"Mrs. Baumann was the wife of a promi
nent merchant- of San Francisco and aged
Boyears." She cajne.to the springs about a
weekago".forher:health and wasaccom-'
panled.;by her physician./ Dr. A. S. . D:
Faschlan. She,: hail /apartments in the
T3ellevue building at the Springs. Wednes
day - evening jj she : was ' apparently in • the
best of spirit^ and went down to the din
ing hall f or ; her dinner, T something she
was not always able, to ".do. At the con
clusion of a hearty, repast, she returned
to her rooms at the -Bellevue.
About 8 o'clock; as- Dr. Paschlan was
enjoying, the evening air. on the .veranda,
piercing.- cries- -for,- help and agonizing
Bhrieks suddenly came from, within the
building. The outcry was heard all over
the place and. every one. rushed to the
spot, .fearing that >¦ the :iarge hotel was
afire, 'for a bright, light could be seen
through the windows -and doorway. . '
. Dr. Faschlan .was, the first on. the scene
and there In the main hallway, a'few feet
from the entrance,' he- found ' Mrs. Bau
mann writhing .on- the floor in a mass of
flames. He hastily . threw his overcoat
over her. and rushed Into a bedroom for
blankets I and spreads. Mrs. Charles H.
Jackson, who was nearby, hurried in and
bundled about the unfortunate woman the
heavy cloak she was wearing. . Mrs. Bau
mann's clothing,' even to her. shoes, was
entirely consumed and her body -was com
pletely blistered, being charred in many
places. • . < •
How the fire which caused the. fatality
originated was at. first a mystery, but it'
was learned this afternoon that before
she died Mrs. Baumann told Dr. Faschlan
that she had dropped the candle she was
carrying In the' toilet-room and had picked
it up again. It doubtless brushed against
her skirts, j
Falling/ Candle Ignites Her
Dreee, , at r Napa Soda , ,
'Springs.
Public Men at the Capital Regard Roosevelt's Words as a Direct Shot
at^the ¦•Beef "Comfcuhe— -Chief Executive Completes His Visit to
:^ the South. With ; Short but Pithy Greetings to the Crowds
ALL. 'BUREAU, 1406 G STREET.
/f ' N.'W., WASHINGTON, April 10.
1L •— President Roosevelt's speech at
Charleston last night, In which
: : : '. ; . he said that' trusts, If they work
at .-ill, must work under the law,. has at
tracted wide attention at , the capital and
< is regarded, by many public men as a di
rect shot'at the beef trust. . .
. There is general approvalof his sfate- u
ment: :'The nation , should exercise .over
combinations j cautiously," but jj flrmly, the
power, of supervision and regulation." -
-Repres'cntatlye Rlcha»dson, leader of the
'minority in the House, said of the Presi
dent's reference ; to trusts : "That is good
Democratic doctrine and if. the President
wishes any assistance in. the line, he sug
gests he can. count on I every :, member of
i the Democratic party in Congress. The
worst of all of these trusts at present. Is
the beef trust, and we shall push the reso
lution now pending in. the House. with all
of our force." ; ., '^"',,' "-.•-.-
Senator Patterson" said: '.'I ; believe in
the -widest publicity in all of these mat
ters. If the charges against the beef trust
are well founded, as no doubt they are," It
cannot be - * . omclally ¦'- investigated too
qulokly." '. : ¦'¦'.'¦ '"¦¦¦' ' -'•,':
. Representative IMcClellan a«id: . "If the
President, means the beef tru'st, or any
other harmful combination in his speech,
he will get all of the assistance he, needs
from the Democrats."
Representative Sulzer said: VThe beef
trust- Is the meanest of all the trusts and
affects every/, citizen in the. land. The
men in this combination to >rob the poor
are engaged in an atrocious .conspiracy,
and should be prevented: by the Attorney;
General of the United States and the At
torneys General of -all the- States whieS"
have enacted -anti-trust laws. The beef
trust Is violating the i United States anti
trust laws and the anti-trust law of the
State of New York. The proof, is conclu
sive and;the officials should be forced by
public oolnion to do their duty. I- 'am
heartily in favor of Thayer's resolution.
It will receive my support.". - .
Representative Underwood said: "lam
heartily In. sympathy with Thayer's reso
lution.,;! think of < all trusts the one that
Is the most, dangerous is one that con-'
trols food products, and that it is the
duty of Congress to Investigate the mat
ter at once and give the relief needed."
. SUMMERVILLE. S. C, April 10.— The,
visit of'Presldent Roosevelt and party to'
the South terminated here to-dav. , No
special programme I .had been . arranged.
When the President came ¦ down "stairs
this morning he held an informal recep-'
tion In the hotel parlors and shortly, after-'
.ward, accompanied by most of hi3 party,
was taken for a drive to Dorchester, ' tlio
site .of the old Spanish fort. •:,.
The tea farm. of Dr. Shepherd, not far.
from the Inn, was next- visited, . and" as
the President alighted from his carriage
a number of .diminutive negro pickers
lined up in front of Dr. Shepherd's house
and sang the "Star-Spangled Banner."
"America" and other patriotic airs.
The President thanked them. The ar-,
rival at. the tea farm was later' than had
been-planned and the stay was brief,- but
the President saw enough of the industry
to cause him. to congratulate Dr. Shepherd
on the work he is doing and to. wish him
every success. The party was then driven
direct to the Southern station, where the
special train was in waiting. A company
of marines who had acted es th'.- Presi
dent's guard while at Charleston and' here
were lined on the station platform. ;
\The President thanked the"nv for .their
services and expressed his . recret that
thoy had . not participated in the ; Prince
Henry* cerrmonies because, he said, he
was sure they • would have made a tine
appearance. The train pulled out for
Washington amid the cheers and hurrahs
of an immense crowd which had- gathered
at the station. Through ; .the>?te.ivns that
the Presidential train 'passed. onTttus, return
journey crowds of cheering .-.people lined
the tracks to catch a glimpse -'of •--Roose
velt. -• /•¦.' ;;:;^prr;
At Branchville, S. C.,. a small station on
the Southern Railway, where .a; stop was
made for water, the President . came out
on the 'rear platform and bowed his ac
knowledgments to '; the 300. people who
rushed for hi3 car and cheered ihim. Al
though no stop was made at' Orangeburg.
fully 1C00 persons ¦ were ' .. -waiting - for . the
train. A crowd, had gathered at the de
pot at Columbia and- there was a rush for
the President's car. In the crowd .were a
number of students of the ', South .- Caro
lina College, who gave ; a • strong , college
yell. When a semblance of order was re
stored the President, who had been stand
ing on the platform with Mr,s. N tRoosevelt,
made a short speech. .-.-;. -
' In the handshaking which '• followed the
President noticed the jamming and push
ing going 1 1 on, and \ when , he r grasped the
outstretched hand of a little girl and said
he was partial to children because he had
a half dozen of them himself. Following
is his speech in full:
, Ladies and" Gentlemen: I thank you most
heartily for your courtesy In coming forward
to greet me .this afternoon, and It is only on*
of the expressions of Invariable courtesy with
¦which I have been treated while In your great
State. I have enjoyed every moment of the
three days I have been down. here. I think I
was a pretty pood American when I came down,
but I am a 'better American as I leave your
borders, and let me, In closing, ask. you to
support ; to the best of- your ability the expo
sition in Charleston. I ask that . not only of
you.^but of all the people In the Union. It is a
grand tribute to the energy, the forethought
and the business enterprise of the people of
Charleston that they have planned and built so
beautiful an exposition ' and they deserve all
the help they can possibly have In it. I wish
them well, I wish you well, and I thank you
for the way: you have received me. . '-- :,;.
Wlnnsboro and Chester, S. C, turned
out immense crowds.. At the latter place,
where a # brief stop was made, the Presl-
dent appeared on .the rear platform.
There was a loud call for Mrs. Roosevelt,
When she came out of her car on the plat
form a mighty shout went up. The Presi
dent responded to the request for a speech
as follows:
Ladles and Gentlemen: I want to thank
you. I want to thank the people of both
the Carolina* for the reception I have met
with to-day, and during the two preceding days.
I have appreciated to the fullest extent th«
hospitality oi'the people of Charleston and
marveled at the beautv of their exposition.
The. welcome that has been extended to me In
your State will be an inspiration in my public
life, and I shall endeavor, men and women of
this State, so to conduct myself always that
yon and all other Americans shall have reason
to be satisfied with the way your affairs are
managed. I thank you heartily and wish you
well. I only hope that you have enjoyed har-
Ins me here- half as much aa I have enjoyed
b»lngr here.. v ; ¦¦..":
The 750 students and others at the Wln
throp Female- Academy at Rock Hill had
requested ' the; President to stdp there if
possible-,-. and when the train came In
sight the- whole town was out. No stop
was made, ' but the President gave them
an opportunity to see him by coming out
on the platform as the train sped by.
SALISBURY. N. C April 10.— The first
stop in the Tarheel State was at Char
lotte. The J demonstration there was no
less enthusiastic and hearty than In the
Palmetto State. The President was
forced to' make ; a speech," In which he
said: • .Y. ,: V- ; -¦" ¦- /.*-..
"I am very glad to have the chance of
greeting you to-night, to say how much
L appreciate your -having, come."
- "How about the -Mecklenburg declara
tlon?; 1 '.' • ; \ •• --••-• .-"-¦
, The Presldent-^The'MecTdenburg declar
ation was all rij?h.t/ ' ;'
', Then,, after a pause: "Some one In *ho
audience has spoken of the Mecklenburg
declaration. . That was the flrat declara
tion of independence in what are now the
United States. To my good fortune, I
have studied much of the early history of
North Carolina. I know the part yoa
played In , .the revolution; the part you
played even during the revolution in win
ning the great West for the republic. I
feel that you deserve to be called in a
peculiar sense Americans of America and
no higher praise than that can be given
in our country. I have appreciated great
ly the greetings I have received, not
merely . in South Carolina, but from the
representatives of vour State »who were
there also. It has been to me a privilege
to meet you. I Yesterday I reviewed your
National Guard at the Charleston Expo
sition. It was a ¦ pleasure : to be able ¦ to
see them. ,1 have served .with some of
your men. for some men born In this
State were in my regiment. On one oc
casion I had to choose twenty sharpshoot
ers. Two of , them were North Carolln
ans." * . .-.¦•-
Here the train started, and the Presi
dent, concluding, said: "I thank you- and
wish you all good luck." ,
Mrs. Jacob Baumann of
This City Burned to
. '.;• : -.".Death.- ..•/•-^ '
FIRE DESTROYS
A WOMAN'S LIFE
PRESIDENT'S SPEECH ON TRUSTS
PLEASES THE DEMOCRATIC LEADERS
SANTA CLARA BLOSSOM FETE
OFFICIAL AND -A SCENE NEAR
SAN JOSE. . .
Magic.-!
The way , Ealva-cea cures PUet,
v' WASHINGTON,^ AprlU lO.-The ' Senate
.to-day, confirmed the ¦ following " nomina
tions: War-Major : general, , Brigadier
General Robert P. Hughes; colonels to be
brigadier generals— Isaac D.de Russey
Andrew S. Burt and MichaeKV.' Sheridan'
Also a number of chaplains in the army i
Connrmed'by, the Senate.
, The Rev. John Coyle, presiding elder n*
the Rev. M. V. Donaldson's pastorate Is
xfi^^asrsss? at ™ home $
whfc 8 h T^^^ivf/lt^Ch^h^istc^d. 1 ?
will have to take some cognizance of-thla
affair. If. there Is to be an InvestieHtlnn
it. will be. under my Jurisdictlon^It f a "no
of those { matters that have to be thor
oughly examined and considered before
fhX't ™1 defl H nl J e Can be sald or done. ; At
this time and in my capacity I can say
nothing^ more about It. • Such is ; my posi
tion until after an investigation Is- had "
Incident at Elmira.
Some time ago he was found In com
pany with a woman In a - deserted » car
Eince he came here last fail, DonaJd
eon'e conduct has not been all *Jie mem
bers of his congregation had hoped for
end depired. There was much gossip
about him. and lately his actions have
been closely watched.
The revelations of yesterday and to-day
nave stirred a tremendous sensation, and
will be the subject of Investigation by
the Rev. John Coyle, who is the presid
ing elder.
VACAY1LLE, April 10.— Late this af ter
ftoon the Rev. M. V. Donaldson,' the ac
cused pastor of the Methodist Episcopal
Church here, had not departed from the
town, although strenuously instructed to
<io so before many hours. The ... people
appear to be In. no mood for trifling, and
have decided to rid ; themselves of the
clergyman by whatever methods he may
cause them to adopt.
Cjwcial Diejwtch to The Call.
Donaldson .was advised 'to leave' town
but so far has refused to go. He * has a
wife and little daughter in San Franc^co
¦£,«t^ e W * a »f f « several, years assistant
Ch h • Howard - Btreet Methodist
;The couple were ordered 'from the hotel
arid went directly to the deserted parson
age, from where the girl was later taken
by 'a relative ;who had been disarmed by
ine orcicers. -,'-,*/• ¦
: -When •; Mrs.; Ellen. Kroutenger of Lewis
ton, a I family - friend, was - visiting • in
Walla Walla. Miss Timberlake . got her
parents' permission to . ; leave the dormi
tory and stay with them. When they left
and the girl . heard the faculty . was com
ing to take her. back she fled to the Ore
gon Railroad and Navigation Company's
depot, concealed herself In a car and es
caped to Portland. There she managed a
transfer for San Francisco, though police
officials -were watching for her. • Numer
ous telegrams to conductors finally locat
ed her at Red Bluff: . She has gone on to
San Francisco. : As she is of age the fac
ulty can do nothing.' ':..-,
ening to. force the door, Donaldson was
discovered inside. ; -.. . . , 7^
LEWISTON, Idaho, April lO.-Mlss Lola
Tlmberlake,' the beautiful eighteen-year
old daughter/ of .- wealthy. Lewiston .par
en ts,. who ; ran away from St. Paul's La
dles'. College ..in Walla ., Walla, ' Wash.,
Monday,' was located to-day in Red Bluff,
Cal. .Miss. Tlmberlake. disliked the re
straints of St. Paul's. - .
Special ¦ Dispatch to . The Call.
The matter grained publicity yesterday
and the church deacons sent a message to
the - Rev. Dr. Coyle, the presiding elder,
requesting his presence here to listen. to.
charges prefererd against the parson.'
The deacons sent for Donaldson last even
ing, but he could not be found at his room
nor at the church. Until nearly midnight,
the church authorities searched In -vain/
About, this time the City Marshal ¦ was
called to the local hotel by the landlord
to assist In making a search of one ' of
the . rooms of the place/ It seems* that
early . in , the evening another . young
woman member of the parson's flock reg
istered at the hotel and a few minutes
later the minister secured a room at the
same place. The Inquiries of the church
members aroused the landlord's suspicions
and, he -went to Donaldson's room, but
found .it empty. He then called on - the
City Marshal and they visited the room
of the young woman, where, after threat-
Beacons Want Inquiry. \ ' t
at Elmlra. On that occasion he was told
to cease his attentions in that direction.
This he apparently did, for little was
again heard of the matter until it was.
revived Tuesday night. , „. •",
Several members of his flock discovered
that he had persuaded a young 1 woman
member of the church choir to enter the
parsonage, which is unoccupied, under
cover of darkness. When called upon_to
deliver her over to friends, he denied, her
presence there. The services of the Town
Constable were called in, but Donaldson
dared him to enter without a warrant,
which the local Justice of the Peace re
fused to issue without further evidence.
It- was 'not until nearly 1 o'clock a. m.
that the girl was taken from the parson
age by friends. ,. ' ¦¦
THREATS FAIL
TO HURRY HIM
SAJC JOSE, April 10.— Campbell did
the honors as hostess to-day to the
hundreds of visitors ' participating
in the blossom carnival. There
was a gathering from all over the
ralley, and San Jose was well represent
ed in numbers. . . j
The orchards are at the height of their
bloom, and on all sides of the little. town
there were acres i and . acres of flowers.
The ' early trains brought a number of
visitors, among them • a delegation from
the California ! Floral Society of; San
Francisco. \
A reception committee . of. ladies and
gentlemen, appointed- by the Campbell
GIRL OUTWITS
THE FACULTY
Board of ' Trade, met ' all trains at the
depot and escorted the visitors about.
The hospitality* of the Campbell citizens
¦was a. feature - commented, upon. Re
freshments were served by the ladles of
the Methodist Episcopal Church. -. a
Drives about the orchards and visits to
the packing-house and drier occupied the
forenoon. In the afternoon the Campbell
High i School 1 held ' field-day sports and
games, and many stayed to witness these.
This evening San Jose commenced her
contribution to , the bjbssom fete. A con
cert was given In St. James Park by the
Fifth Regiment : Band. . A- large audience
was present. . ,' ' , ' , .-. ...
To-morrow excursions will be* run from
this; city about : the valley. ;
Hundreds of Visitors to the Beautiful Santa Clara Valley Gather
in the Pretty Little Town and Share a Wealth of Hospitality
While Admiring the Orchards and r the Pleasant Homes
FRAGRANT WITH SPRINGTIDE BUDS
CAMPBELL TRIUMPHS AS A HOSTESS
: ;san; fr Ay Cisco o a:ll,, fbid a y, april -11, 1902:
3
u You do not know what a sweet lyrup
R ) is, unless »ycu have tried ' :
1 SARATOGA DRIPS.....
1 It Is fins 'fj^^^^^^^lL. it makes
Jong's I H/^^fii| fonffs
I In E aI.,half- gl l.. 1 \^^^ ; Sold by aU
jj aniqoerttiiu $!¦ \O~5$g!££i grocers .
I Long Syrup Refining Co.
fc 6th and' Brannan. Streets,' > '•'<« Ssq Francisco
Phone South 486 / .; "^a
. _^^^^^^ \ ;'u is, all that it takes to buy a good business suit here, because every dollar buys ij
liP^WSLi^^miMtMfl^^^^i - -H^ "'* r a "^ a Q uarter 's worth, and for this good reason; You buy direct j
/ilfilinii^w^fiiilM^ clothes — the middleman's customary profit is what you II
/ '/il I J InlSSSfl / / 1 1 7 'i I W/ n / f // fif f Hrt P 1 J^Kv^^^^^^^^ws. ¦ eep ' n yolir P oc^ et - >* ou are used 'to'- wearing a $12.50 suit, you can get
I M'l 11111™ I i¥||m1^«wA^^\ 1 Furthermore, we ofi'er you another advantage that merits your.. trading j
in 111 1 11 1 fill il\S\\ ere> Being the makers of the goods, we guarantee every garment, and the
1 1 fill ll 111 BPi ill Bf guarantee fully protects you. We say: Money back if you want it; or a year's
lUilWe'i S1S1 ll 111 iiill^P l&w/Js&iw These $9.00 suits are single and double breasted sacks, made up in the swell- 11
HSfiil fflSlB I Inllll lfifflHH J i^^^^8i^7 f ' est spring" patterns. They are fashionably cut and stylishly trimmed; they
the price it is a welcome value to the economizing mother who thinks that hers is the
The suits are our own make, and they are sold, to you at but one profit. Buying , UGH to||
direct from the makers is certainly a saving proposition. If. you take the pains to com- ' lifHR ''^ffl
pare you will find that suits as good as these sell regularly for $5.00 in most all stores. ; WM'> " W
¦ The suits are made of blue serges and cheviots— allAvool, durable goods; braid Ifflf I - Wl'^
. on collar, emblem on shield; tie and French cuffs; pants half lined; patent waist- HBH |--'' IMV
". We;seni)dys':eapsforlOeeac^ ¦' '' : ¦ :^ t o -\^'-'\ - :^ :: c^ -'^^ iurnlshings or hats.
718 Market Street-CHAMPAIGN.' 111., April .-10. — President
Draper '. of 4 the ;• University of Illinola » suffered
amputation of i his right , leg : above the kne«
la«t t night ! as ¦ the •' result of . his :< runaway acci
dent- Sunday. His left leg was • also , broken,
but is doing well. He is as comfortable as
could; be expected. .
v First race, ¦ five furlongs-^-DI rectum 'won, Flo
Russell •> second. v Hum-. Honey third. .", Time,
Second race, '\ four iand a : half. furlongs-
Hedges • won, Julia . Lystpn , second, • Tugai ¦ Bey
third. Time,- :5fl. . .-./-. ..-• ... ..'. .
..Third, race.' one mile 'and three-quarters.
Eastern' Bacing Results.*
WASHINGTON. April 10.— Benninga j ' sum
mary: ; '"/';'¦.¦.;' ""¦*•¦¦".'>>'" ;(
Although compelled to i,uee crutches
due to injuries received in an accident
some days ago, "Bob" McGlbben was on
hand yesterday and did the announcing
Saul of Tarsus,! winner of the fifth race
was bid up $500 over his entered selling
price, of $100 by ."Billy" Magrane. Matt
Ho.^an, owned by the latter horseman fin
ished second. • ' ¦
Ransch and Troxler were each success
ful In landing two winners. . -.si
.It was rumored ,^at the track that the
handbooks about town were loaded un
with Obia money. ,
t .. The stable. of Green Morrig- will prbb-
Track Notes. :"
:•. .First race-7-McNarnara, Katie Wal
cott, Constable. \ ...
Second race— The ' Forum, Clivoso,
The Fog;.. , . '
•' ' Third :race-^-King Dellis, Tiburon,
Mallakwa.
?'¦•* .Fourth race—Wyoming,. Tyranus
Ouir Lizzie. P"-[ -v,
; Fifth'; race-^-Tower of ; Candles, Di
vina, John ; Peters. ;¦' : \
- r Sixth" "race— ' Redwald, . Marshal
Neil, Oawainer; , ; . • ".
SELECTIONS TOR TO-DAY;
The members' of ' "California Coursing
Committee, at their, meeting last' night,
"discussed the, question of 'a judge for ; tho
'greyhound/ exhibit . at v the forthcoming
sHow. : The matter was finally ¦ referred | to
,the bench show committee of the Califor
. nla Coursing Committee. • The latter will
meet to-day, when the ' importan t ' ques
tion will be decided. - ¦ ¦/":"/ ."
Either John Davidson, who will' judge
sporting dogs, at the show, or George A.
.Cranfleld,' who judged? greyhounds • last
year, will be ch,osen. • ' • < -
Fifty gentries have ' been" deceived Land
fully that . many more are | expected, j Eu
gene Geary, will enter seven and' other
owners in proportion. . ;
T.- J. : Cronin- appeared before the com
mittee and protested a litter -of grey
hounds ;by: Thornhill-Pretty Molly. He
was to ¦ receive • two. puppies, but I objected
to the owner- picking. them out: It- was
decided the owner of Pretty Molly should
select two for himself and Mr. Croritn was
then to have his , choice ¦ of : two from the
rc-mainder of r..the; Jitter. - •
The greyhound Lord Arfoot.was award
ed'to- William . H. - Shear. Until he ris
placed- in 2 the. latter's . possession he ¦ will
be. prohibited i from ! running.' . The dog has
passed from one owner. to another in such
rapid succession the members of the com
mittee/found it difficult ta follow his me
teoric flight. •• - -
$%^%?h nUy to the wretch/where
S£fffiEBQBGBJ
nVa^i 1 flnlshl ne:- beyond the money, dls
tirn^spSdf 6 an an lnkllns o£ .h« old-
LtLn'thJ 0 ?? Ib^. soon
axter the .start in being cut off Matt
Hogan would more than likely have low
for th* e color » °, f s , au l ot Tarsus, favorite
for the second six-furlong number. As it
was he got through the field in time to
5h»2?T ned 1^, e^ hAn a len » th b y the big
Toou n l< > whIch . was wel1 handeld by
15 to 1 ?*^ aB P lna dropped in third at
Wolhurst. a 9 to 5 favorite, . defeated Rio
.Shannon a head for the closing mile and
a sixteenth selling affair. AlmosT "If Tt
the post. Stuart, astride Artilla, took a
L°n!r£ C n h f a ?h e^ n , d dId Buccecd «n catching
p?a^I S OnCS> flnlshln S in third
the ranks of .-.the "regulars''- at
Oakland yesterday, the attendance .being
unusually large. The "picnickers" were
disappointed to a certain exte'nt, for Mil
dred Schultz, a SO to 1 chance, proved the
one successful outsider, all the other
events falling to first choices In the ring.
.. Nothing on the bill of fare looked eo
difficult to solve as the Crescendo handi
cap over one mile and a, furlong, with six
acceptances. Obia 102 ahd Antolee 103
finally closed* about equal choices, with
Position and MacGyle the next 'most fan
ckd. The solution of the perplexing
problem did not appear eo hard, as
Ransch on Obia went out In the lead at
tho. etart, and, setting a clip thatsent
Bragg to an early grave, won by a length
from Position In 1:54. Had Hoar on the
, latter horse kept closer up In the early
stages of the running, instead of falling
lengths out of it, he must have finished
first. Larry Daly apparently could not
keep MacGyle straight in , the stretch,
finishing a close third. Aiitolee retired
after doing active picket duty on the
, firing line.
True Blue had nothing to beat in the
opening: sprint, and at prohibitive odd*
palloped home first with Troxler. Cau
deros showed a' yellow streak as usual!
Joeing »the place to Rasp, the mount of
Johnny Hoar.- • "
t A neglected one In the betting, Mildred
Schultz. captured the event following ut
',oCds of 39 to 1. : The filly threaded her
way through the big bunch from tenth
position, catching Rosewar and winning
by a neck. Nonle, a 25 to 1 snot, finished
: in the Bho-sr. The favorite, Cassie \V,
D* —^^ REAMING of Trealih jon^old-'thaf
might have been: woq f pn Wedr
nesday's arrayv of wlrinlnEr'Jpng-
Ehots, many ¦ Btraggler^ swell.? J
COURSING MEN
SEEK A JUDGE
QA_gT : AJjr^]^CETjB,ACK—^^J^y^Pr^J^— y e a ther fl n«- Track_fast.^
S373."' . FIRST RACE — Sir furlongs; three-year-olds and up; to first, $3£57
Index ¦ Horse.' Age, Weight. SL «. %. s tr> pj^ Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
:C>49 ITrue E!ue, a Ill 112 14 13 12 Summers & Co. ..Troxler 1-3 2-5
;- r ,(4 I Rasp, 4 10SJ 3 4 >i 53 2n 24 J. Green .;Hoar 8 10
C5T>7 iCandercs, 5 llll 0 13 2 h 3 1 3 1«£ VV. B. Jennings. .L, Daly 8 15
3530 'Satan. i.\.~ Ill 2 2n 4 >; 5 4 42 Mrs. "\V. BalrJ... Jackson 20 " 20
3515 IMeadow Lark, a.. Ill 5 .,« 6 «8 10 G 15 5 8 Elmwood Farm. .Ransch 15- 30
So-I" [Har. Thoburn. a. .111 4 4 =i 3 >•£ 4 h «5 15 L. Levy: Donnelly « ' «
- fRoad -Agent. -4....1US 7 7 7 7 7 Covtogton & Co..McGovn 50 20<>
Time— i;. :24'4; U, :49; =i. 1:15. Good start. Won easily. Second easily. Third driving.
Winner. G. Fumniers & Co.'s eh. g. by Duke of Norfolk-Carmen. True Blue galloped. Rasp
outjramed Operas. Satan was cut off. Harry Thoburn gave it up. Scratched — Matin' Bell
95, El Chihuahua 100, Patsy Dolan 103, Compass 1C0, Sol 'J7.-, .
. 3170. SECOXD RACE— Tive furlongs; selling; three-year- old fillies; to first, $325.
In<2t*^Iorse and Weight. [St^ »4. %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op!' "of.
S541 JMildred Schultz.. '.102:10 8 2 6 i,i 4»4 In H;< . I: Wilson... Wlnalette ' 20 30
3541 Roscwar .10712 2*i 21 lh 2 1^ Durns & Waterhs.. Ranch -3 5
K541 Nonie 1(»7 3 4 1 3 h , 5 >* 3.1 .- M. Kame .„.././.„. See 15 15
M529 Flittinsr 102 8 7 2 7 >4 C 2 4 3 J. D. Lucas... Faur.tlfroy 40 €«
r.551 Tcrso Maid IOjJ 1 .3 1 4 h 3 h Ii 'i J.-Weber Troxler 15- ; 20
• (34M1> CasMe \Y 107(4 11 lh 2h «h V.'. M. Murray... L. Daly /7-5 9-5
,<32£») Annie .Max...,. ..107IU 9h8h 72 7n P. Sheridan 1 .'. ..... .Hoar 30 30
-lil 1F!o Culver. :..102| •« '10 1 V 2 8 1 «,2-: W. L.. Stanfleld...Donnly ' 5'' 7
SS11 [Jennie Hughes 107 7 5 3 10 2 92 9.2 . R. Hughes.. ...... .Brodien • 20 - 101)
S:515 lEsternell 107 5 - « 14 5 14 10 3 10 3 A. Andrews Jackson 5 4
<XHSt)\ Pirate Maid 107 « 31 '20 11 20 11 20 11 25 C. "WVChappell. ...Stuart '4(1 ' 40
¦-ioCT [Satchel 107|12 12 12 12 12 • B. Schrelber Bowman 30 '¦¦ ¦'> «O
Tim«— 14. :24'.£.; H. :*»%; %. 1:02- Good rtart. Won first three driving. Winner. H. -I.
\\ ilson's br. I. by Orvletto-Ccalesce. Winner slipped through on the rail, fooling Ransch
astride Rosewar. Xonip ran a uood race. Cassle W quit. Flo Culver flat-footed when bar
rier went up. Esternell gsytf^t np.- . '
S57T. THIRD RACE— Futurity course; three -year-olds and up; to first, $325.
IadexjHorse. Age, Weight. St. %¦ %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op? tUl ci.
(0.%40) Royal Rogue. 3-..10(; 4 2 1 2 3 1 h 1 % J. C. Nealon Ranseh " 4-5 7-10
3540 Xarra G, 4 Ill 2 4 14 4 1 4 % 2 n Miss C. Gibson.. Hownon 6 7
«M< Jacqueminot, 3. ...104 1 1 1(J In 2 3 34 Jennings & Co.-.L. Daly 4 11-2
S472 St. Pbllllptaa, 3..J04 C 3 1 3 2 3 2 4 5 W. Macdonou S li..JacKson 6 5
5n5? I cr * A T °-*r—i H?-f^5i 5 h 6 « 52 P- G. Lynch.... Donnelly 30 100
.^11 San Lut'.on, 3 107j 3 52 6 52 6 IJames Wilson ..See 50 100
Time— To \i j21M ; to %. :46; last %. 1:01: short aj, 1:11. Good start. Wen easily. ¦ See^ ¦¦
end and third driving. Winner. J. C Xealon's ch. g. by Rey del Sierras-Jessie R. Winner
is better than a fair one. Xarra G ran well through tie stretch. St. Phlllipina is improv
ing in form. Scratched — Limelight 12L --. -
S?»7S. FOCRth RACE — l'S miles; Crescendo handicap; 3-year-olds and up; to first. ?.'?25.
Index JHorse. Age. Weight. St. M- %- Str. Fin. | Owner and Jockey. O^ tUl CL
55-? !2 bl f;, * -V 102 * 3 X H In lnll |P. Ryan Ransch "• 2 3
'^ir, 061 * 10 ?- B 10S * 6 6 ¦« 2n D. S, Fountain Hoar 4 0-2
»•?£ acGjl % 5 101 15 5 5 5 3 I' 3 «4 Elmwood Farm..L Daly - 1 9.0
SS Sr 3 *^ " f< 8 * 2 J« 2 n '4 5 ' Curl & Co knapp fi u
$.*! "I* f 1^"^' € — -, ™ 2 4 1H3h 4h B4 F. J. O'Rourke.. Jackson C 15-2
3^oj jActoieg. 4 105| 5 2 n 4 n 5 n 6 |D. A.- Honlg Troxlprj 3,-3
3"™.C,^ :24^ '•&£ : * 9 :, %• 1 =15: ™. 1 *U lUm, 1:54. Good etart. Won first three driv
lr -8- dinner. P. Ryan'e-b. m. by Pardee-Day Dream. Obia outf ooted her company Hoar
on Forition lay too far put of the running or ho would have won. MacGyle swerved badlv
l^gtEixteenUi. Antolee EUgdenl>- went back. . ; % . «»cujje gnervea Mflly
3570. FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling; 'three-year-olds and up; to first. $325.
IaacxjHorge. Ag*. Weight. jst . %. %., Btr.y Fto. . OTmer and Jockey. . ol.t^'cL
<:«50)'Saul of Tarsus, 5_10»! 1 1 2^ 12 ' 1 2 1 % J O Waltz. Jackson ~7~^ 7
r.2*4 |MaU Hogan. «...10»| 2 4 n 5 2 4 1 2 n liaKrane & Co T^ripr k'« it \
£2 i^t 1 *".^- 5 rV 95 ! 5 \ 3 % 3 % .2 n 3 Hi . iSSSJSot Fa^ffiy I' 10
S54» School Scandal. 4.1041 3 -6 6 .3 h 4 3 <J Weber ' Ransch I 7
.-^47 Mike Straura. 6.. 1091 4 = 5 1 4 n 6 . 0 3 W" E Cottoi"" Hoar fi il
CM43)jPartzade. 3 ...... « 3 | 6 2 n 2 n 5 2 6 | p.' Cam^n" T.K?gg ' 011-2
I Ti^?-°T7^' : 3*' \ : «^*' '"*' 1:1 *-, Good Btart. Won : first three driring Winner J O'
Haiti's ch. r. by Watercress-Juaith. Saul has ep««l ¦ to ¦ bnrn and Sad lh ¦ «h« £Zi ™m?~
luck : Matt Hogan and School fof Scandat were both cSt oT.l Ster'fte «aS" Hoian
3S8O. SIXTH RACE— 1 a-16 miles; gelUng-. thre^ygar-olfls and- iip-.' to urxt' f323. "-'. W '
faaexJHors*. Ar«. Wright, SC^ %. Strj Jfa.;|" Owner aad jockg^ O^'ch -
OSPlS?^^ a ...:il0 5 4 14 3.1% 2 1 1 h |J. McMichael . Troxler "Tl fl^
ffig Unthracite, 5 ....101 1 5 10 5 10 4 2 4 2 % O-*BteKS''"-Jack£S I 1
C35TD)I>nU>.'8 09 6 62 62 61 52 Nell & Blazer" R^n«?h in ,i
IS! gSSv. s «-v::::,Si I \ h I ? V V 8£'«lsE- v ?i » M
Time— \i. :24%; 14. :49>4: %. 1:10; m. 1:42; 1 1-lCm 1:4S>4 Bad start w>^ — ~n~* — 7Z
drirtrg. Winner. J. McMlchael's b!^g. by Ventllator-Nutbrowrt t££\~^,%Lx £ th , e< '-
roy on Rio Shannon. Artilla almost^left at Jl.epoEU Anthracite win hSV^f Fauntle "
conslderably. Scratched-Elnsteirv 103.': El "Qri^te l^B)Uy Lybaj 99 ' t P.fl^ *un ?£ f ?
of their batting. Schmidt wa.s hit 'hard
in the first inning for a total of four
runs. After that he steadied down and
pitched great ball. Reilly's ; batting eye
was dim. He struck out thrice. Toman
fielded and ran bases In great form, his
one error . being excusable. Atherton's
batting was a feature. Attendance, 2500.
Score:
LOS' AJTGkLEa.
_ AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A.. B.
Toman, «. ¦ 4 1 l 1 -2 l- i
Ilannlvan. If. .4-1 2 1 1 O 0
Atherton. lb. 4 2 2 O 8 " -2- 0
Householder, cf.....4 1 2 0 2 0 0"
Raymer, 2b. 4 n "2 0 2 1 0
Reilly, 3b. ..3 0 0 0 12 0*
Waddell. p. ........ 4 0 10 3 3 0
Roach, c. .....4 0 0 0 8 1 0
Du Schane, rf." 2 0' 0 x 0 0 0 1
Totals . ;....33 6 10 2-2T-10 2
OAKLAND.
_ " . AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Walters, cf. ....... 3 0 0 0 2 1 (7
Mohler. 2b. .2 1 0 1-1-2 8
Streib. lb 3 0 1 0 15 0 0
McCreedle, rf 3 0 1 0 0 0 6
Devereaux, 3b. 4 0 0 0 1 1 0
Dunleavy, If. ...... 4 0 1 1 0 0a
Francks, s. a 4 0 0 0 0 4 n
Gorton, c ....4 0-0 0"B 1 i
Schmidt, p. 3 0 10 0 J- J
Totals 30 1 4 2 24 13 3
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
Los Angeles ....;4 0 0 0 0 0 0 2 x— ft
Base hits'. -5 0 10 10 0 3 x— 10
Oakland 0 0 0 0 0 0 0*4 0—1
Base hits 0 10 0 1 0 0 2 0—4
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Waddell 1. Schmidt 5.
Two-bas« hits— Atherton 2. Householder; Mc-
Creedie. Sacrifice hits— Mohler Streib First
base on errors— Los Angeles 2. Oakland 1
SSTmiS?"* ° n T^fV 6 * 1 ba " s -°« Waddell 3. oft •
Schmidt 2. L«ft on bases — Los Aneevi K
g^ 1^ I' '5^* «*-Br Waddell 7? by
Schmidt 3. Double pUy— Walters to Mohler
Time of game— 1:55. Umpire— McDonald,
Waddell Pitches Great Ball.
; LOS ANGELES, April 10.— Waddell's
pitching. won : to-day's game for Los An
geles. Not until the eighth inning did the
Oaklanders.send a man for the circuit of
the bases. Seven of the visitors f antjed
and a, total of only four hits was the limit
First race, seven and a half furlongs, 'selling
— Pirate's Queen; won. Plead eecond, Klnloch
Park third. :. Time, 1:36%."., ~
i- : Second race, - one mile end an eighth, sell
ing—South Breeze won, Menace second Search
er third. Time,, 1:55%. ~" ¦, ¦
• Third ¦ race, six furlongs. - : selling— Wain-a- 1
Molnen won. Hunter .. Raine -second. Autumn'
Leaves third. Time. 1:14%. . ' . .
Fourth - race; .Tennessee Brewing Company
soiling stakes, seven -_ furlongs— Ampere won "
Time' / f.^s lPl ! e11 secoRd ' Bar 3 of Avon third.
Fifth race; four and a half furlongs— Spencer
Relff .won. Early second, Tim Cogan third,
lime, :a(i\i. " *-:, ,... -. . "-. ,',..., I
Sixth. race, seven. and a half furlongs sell
'"S—Ecomo won. . Harrj' Wilson second, Malay
hurdles— Tamarln ' won; Farrell second,'- Beau
Ideal third. ..Time,. 3:29. ¦: ¦. ••'.•--. ¦. ¦¦ v±
Fourth '.race, -four. and\ a haltr'furlopgrsv- Blue
Delft" won, :. Tom -May bin second, SprlngBrook
third,- Time,- ;58. .. - •> i • ';'>•-:
i Fifth i race.''; six and a half > furlongs, ama
teur riders — Cheval dlOr won,'; Tankard .second,"
Mistress third: : Time, .1:23.. --¦ ;;.-: X'v j
Sixth race, six • f urlonrs-^Bexi; Viking - won.
Alpaca second. CarrollD third. Ttnie,.l;17 3-5.
Seventh race/one mile and 100 yards— Shan- r
donHeld won, ' Fabius second, Way" ' B V 'third. •
Time.l:55. , &< J
MEMPHIS," .Tenn., April 10.— Montgomery
Park summary: -• .:¦"•
So there were three sets' of -locations
piled . up, one " on top of another. >The
claims at -the eighteen-foot level and the
ones ten^feet below had already been sold
for cash. 1 -The purchasers... were somewhat
excited when they found. the blazlnes at
four feet from the ground. 'Whether such
conditions will be ; . found t at Thunder
Mountain Is unknown. Thetstory is told
only- for the .purpose of making mining
men careful."' . ;'.?¦' : i. v -
Up to. that time, aside from the imme
diate neighborhood of the original dis
covery, practically no locations had been
made and there were few persons in the
district. Considering that .the weather
has been severe, it is taxing credulity to
ask people on the outside to believe that
a few prospectors have made 7000 valid lo
cations, when it is necessary to ! sink, a
shaft ten feet deep on each location.
Concerning the Buffalo Hump discover
ies, a few years ago, the tales were as
alluring as are those of the present.
When the first rush 1 came In. the spring
and a clean up was made of the claims. It
was •¦ discovered . that . trees.' above -the
eighteen feet of snow — which is 'about the
depth also - for the Thunder Mountain
country — had been; blazed and marked as
locations and corner: monuments. Jf ,the
tree was not too big the top was cut off
and the stump was squared down to a
corner post. But, when the eighteen feet
of . snow had. melted, It wa^s. discovered
that the same tracks had also been blazed
ten feet ' farther down, showing that, an
earlier- location had^ been, made. -'When
the snow -melted more it , was discovered
that "the same trees were marked for lo
cation purposes, at a height of four feet
above the- ground. • ¦• »
• Thunder. Mountain, as a- matter of fact,
is at;the top of the most inaccessible part
of Idaho. V The number of claims must be
greatly- exaggerated, for the discoveries
were made only just before »the snows last
winter began to pile up in the mountains.
There are some, stories ' that aro- - told
about Thunder Mountain that are; easily
open to question. One' Idaho journal has
asserted that there are already 7000 loca
tions, at Thunder Mountain and that al
most every foot of ground for a radius of
seven mll«>s~ In every 1 direction from the
mountain has been staked out into mining
claim, locations..- • : ; \ '¦ , . . " 'o . ¦ ¦ . j ...
' Caswell ' Bros. ¦. have made some money
from their discoveries and one of the pic
tures' accompanying the ; map is a scene
illustrating the interior of their cabin,, in
which there has .been; several thousands
of -dollars in gold dust at a time. If it
is reported that there is $10,000,000 in sight,
as Curran eays.or if there are vast stores
of wealth in underground works, It is still
unnecessary to caution California miners
not to lose their heads,' for the majority
of them have learned wisdom by experi
ence: ] ' . V
Identical. with that of Cripple Creek. The
ore Is reported to be good for free mill
ing. Professor. E. H: Mead Is -quoted as
saying that "ore can be quarried out on
the same principle as at "the Homestake
of the Black Hills and- the Treadwell
mines of Alaska.'' Martin Curran is also
quoted to the effect that the principal
vein stands up 100 feet above the surface
on the: westerly end; and 150 feet above
the surface on tho easterly end. Then
there are figures concerning the exposed
pay ore, which Is estimated by Curran
In the millions of dollars.
THIS ILLUSTRATES THE COUNTRY SURROUNDING THUNDER M0UN-.
ITAIN, GIVES TYPICAL GLIMPSES IN THE NEW GQL,T> '¦ SECTION
. AND MAPS OUT THE ROUTES WHICH LEAD TO THE FIELD., ,
ably be shipped East early next week.
The condition • of Owner Morris : is ' re
ported not to be ,serious and a couple; of
weeks will see him about again.' ¦- . '¦ ¦
I Following- are the entries for this.after
noon's events:.-. ¦ ¦ ¦ . '' , V"
', First race — Seven furlongs; selling; three
. year-olds and Upward." '. . , ' ..
3436 Evea G 65 34C0 McNamara ...101
'3571 LefwU Maxim. "07 35C1 Lodestar SJ.11
•3567 El Rey .10S S571 Captivate -..:.:. 101
•3605 "Malaise. , 'M 3567 Mam Hlldreth.1'01.
"35S0 Katie Walcott »<» 3567 /The : Gaiter ..10H
-¦ 3561. Constable .... 02 3517 DawBOn ...... S7
. Second race-/-Four furlongs;; purse; maiden
two-year-olds,v . v. • , .'
\ 3528 The Forum... 103 3329 Md" Sherwood.110
.: ...Walburga 110 3570 Katanga . ..r. 100
i35«C Organdie 110 35G8 Fire Dance. . .UX1
.... Brummel ... .110 3552 Dick Roberts. 11:5
3482 The Fog Hi! 352S Prestolus .-...; 100
• 3558 CHvoso ...... 113 35T0 J. II. : Bennett. 103
'.Third race — Futurity course; selling; four
year-olds and upward. > ¦¦-..¦-. \ . • •
.... R'na de Celia-lOf!] .-.'.: Hl-Noc-Ker I-IC-C
.3430 Tlburon '.."... MOO 3545 Aunt Mary. .".104
35(51 Fridolin ..... 101 3292 Nellie Forest. 101
¦3550 King Dellis...lO9 35M San Venado.lHOO
' 3545 Lief Prince... 106 3060 Alfred C . T.V. 109
3547 Mallakwa ....114 3564 The Hoodoo. V.101
Fourth race— Seven furlongs; selling; three
year-olds and upward. . '"..;• ¦ '
3547 Our Lizzie. . ..10OJ(3455)M.L. Rthschd.lll
3460 Aloha II ....:: 101 3539 Dorian - . :\ .*. . .114
343« Merops 101 3490 Hungarian ...111
,3400 Louwelsea . . . . 95 3550 First Shot ...101
35C8 Mission ......101 3537 Wyoming ....lOfl
35C8 Tyranufl ...... 07 (320G)Maraschlno. V. 07
Fifth race — Six furlongs; selling; three-year
olds and. upward. !§^|tBtt)iaMQM$feMfBP35&&gS&£
3573 Sharp Bird ...ISO 3553 Dr/Boyle ....114
3560 John Pe{ers.:.H2 3046 David S '."..:. 114
(3550)T. of Candles. 112 (8565)Rubus Y.\ . . . . 107
(3547)Divlna ........107 3570 S. of Tarsus:. 11 7
Sixth race--On« mile and a sixteenth ; sell
ing; thre*-year-olds and upward... ; ¦ ¦ •
• 35C9 Sir .'Hampton. 108 1 3572 Windward ..'.107
' 3571 : Kxpedlent .... 10 1 ' 3572 Axminster ' . . . 88
'.:J4«2 Ping ......... lOi (3G68)Redwald -..'... 110
(3561)Marshal Nell. lOtt • 3508 Billy Moore... 99
(r»54n)Oawalna ..... 103 3540 Lena - ..... . . .'. 07
; 3574 L. Meddlesm.102 3574 Free Lance .; ,107
•WASHINGTON, April lO'-^-A.' D. Hayes Dis
trict Attorney at . Ogden, -Utah, 1 . will- be ap
pointed to : succeed Judge Arthur B. i Noyes of
the District Courts Alaska^ : *
Great Danger in Buying Snow-Cov
ered Claims.'
Thunder Mountain now holds a large
share of attention because of the lata
gold discoveries made there. The I moun
tain is in the came general section as
the Buffalo Hump country in Idtiho, , in
¦which gold- discoveries were made several
years ago. Thunder Mountain ' district
has been known to be gold-bearing for
some years. It did not become prominent
until late last fall. Then discoveries
were made by the Caswell brothers that
created a great excitement, which has
since continued' to augment as stories,
more or less true, have been told about
the district. .. m
According to the correspondent of The
Call at Boise, Idaho, there are five routes
into the country, which start respectively
at Boise, Weiser, Ketchum, Salmon City
and Lewiston. All the starting points are
reached by the railroad, excepting Sa 1 .-.
mon City, which is reached by stage from
Red Rock, . Mont., the last named place
being on the railroad. The distance from
the enumerated railroad points to' the
mines varies from 20 to 150 miles. .;
-Upon the accompanying map the routea
are marked out with dotted lines. .The
names of the starting points "are also
given to supply to those who may desire
to visit Thunder Mountain a clear idea
of the locality and nature of the.coun
try to be traversed. Many will go : to
•the mountain. Indeed, the tales that are
told about the district are very alluring.
How much of truth' and what share of
fiction these narratives contain cannot
very well be ascertained at this time.
Truth and fiction invariably Jostle , one
another whenever a new gold camp is
discovered, - for nothing on earth more
excites cupidity and inflames the imagina
tion of seekers for sudden wealth. ¦' ' ¦
A more or less technical statement' of
, the peculiarities, of. the Thunder Moun
tain-district, supplied by the correspon
dent: of The .Call at- Boise, .contains -a
few leading facts of general Interest. It
Is therein alleged that the formation is
PECULIAR MINING CONDITIONS
STANFORD TINIVERSITY. April ML—
Stanford's Intercollegiate tennis team will
be composed of Harry "Weihe. '03, and
Cleveland H. Baker, '03. Both men will
play in singles and will also form the
doubles team. In the final tennis try-outs
?his afternoon "Weihe beat R. C. Leib, '03,
and Baker won from F. A. Leib, '02.
Weihe was a member of the- 1900 and
1901 v varsity teams and Is a member of
the newly organized chapter of Delta
Kappa Epsllon. "Cleve" Baker makes
the team for the first time. He has tried
for it before and is clever with a racket.
He is the leader of the Glee Club and a
member of " the Zieta Psf Fraternity.
Cardinal Tennis Team.
OISE, Idahc. April 10.— Several
prospectors have just returned
from Thunder Mountain, the new
— ____ gold field in the northern part of
the State, bearing with them
more stories of the wondrous richness of
the land there and also samples of the
precious metal it was their fortune to flnd» i
Excitement over the discovery, of the
mines has increased rather than aba-ted
in the slightest degree, and scores of
men are crowding into this cjty- to pre
pare for a perilous journey' tnrough-lhe
snow. The returning miners invariably (
caution those about to start to "be -well,
provided with- money, for the. cost: of liv
ing runs into amazingly nigh figures.- y.
The population of the camp is increaa- ;
Ing with surprising rapidity. "There are
already three townsites and -more in pros
pect. Ore received here a few. days ago
ran over $16,000 a ton. . ...
THE Ojft.LIL.'S K,^OI3Sra- FORM CHART
The Los Angeles promoters are anxious
to secure Young Corbett, McGovern, Britt,
Dave Sullivan, Yanger or Broad as an op
ponent for the Denver lightweight.
¦ The officials of Century Athletic Club of
Los Angeles have entered into negotia
tions with Boxer Kid Parker for a match
during fiesta week.
Z<cs Angeles Wants Kid Parker.
' I>ave Barry and Harry Foley will sup
ply -the remainder of the sport. They
putr up a bustling go on the night of the
Britt-Hegarty engagement.
Manager Lavigne is not chasing rain
bows in the form of big lights, but he 13
providing cards which interest a large
number of ring followers.
: Elddie Hanlon " and" Fraakie . Neil, the
cleverest featherweights 'on the coast,
will meet for. the third time .to-night b.e
fore the - Acme ' Club, : Oakland. Manager
Lavigne has everything : in readiness for
the bout, which is expected to attract a
large attendance from this city.
. The boxers -will weigh in this afternoon
at. 3 o'clock "at Harry Corbett's. Hanlon
has been installed favorite on his showing
at ' their previous-' meetings. Since then
Neil. has undoubtedly improved and hopes
to "turn the tables on his clever rival.
Sacramento 0 20 00 0 0 0 0 2
. Ba?e hits..: .... .0 4 0 0 0 110 0 6
San Francisco..... 0 0 0 0 0 10 2 x— 3
Base hits...... ..0 1 0 11 2 12 x— 8
'"•••¦ ».. ¦ SUMMARY.
¦Two-base hit — Shueart. Sacrifice hits
Frary. Holly. First base on errors—Sacra
mento ¦ 2. First base on called balls — San
Francisco 5. Left on bases — San Francisco S.
Sacramento 4. Struck out — By Meredith 3, by
Powling 4. Hit by pitcher — Unjrlaub. 'Double
play — Holly to Bone to Nordyke. Time of
game— 1 hour and 25 minutes. . Umpire
O'Connell. .. Official scorer— Harry. Cashman. '
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
6 0 24 10 0
Totals . ....31
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Bheehan, 3b.. 4-0 0 0 2 0 0
Unglaub, S3 &2b.... 3 0 0-0 2 3 0
Eagan, ss 1 0 0 0 0 0 0
Rebsamen, c. f. 4 1 1 0 2 0 0
Birmingham, lb..... 4 0 1 0 7 10
Frary, r. f 3 1 1 0 1 0 0
WaRner. 1. f. ........ 3 0 0 0 3 0 0
Graham, c... 3 0 1 0 4 2 0
Dowling. p.... 3 0 1 0 2 2 0
Doyle, 2b... ...^3 0 10 1 2 0
SACRAMENTO.
Totals 29 3 8 2 27 15 2
- = v ...-¦ . ' AB. R.BH. SB. PO. A. E.
McHale.tl. f ....4 0 .1 0 '. 3- 0 0
Bone, -2b 2 O'O 1' 2 4 0
Lawlor, 1. f... 4 1 1 0 1,0 ©
-Nordyke, lb 3 2 0 0 '11 ) 1 1
Holly, ss 3 '0 1 0 4 - 2 2
Sfcugart, 3b 4' 0 2 0 0 3 ,0
Lahey, c 4 0 2 14 2 0
Delmas, r. f. 3 0 0 0 2 0 0
Meredith, p 2 0 1 0 0 3-0
SAN FRANCISCO.
The- home team went to bed early on
Wednesday night and -enjoyed pleasant
dreams. They dreamed Fisher's team
was -easy and would, not be in the 'win
ning. It was not a pipe dream thl3 time,
for. the law-makers only made two runs
in yesterday's skirmish. Harris' tribe ac
cumulated three, and- were declared
(winners. ; '. r,
'¦The game was fast and snappy. It
, was a duel . between Meredith and Dow
ljtog. '/Meredith's thrusts were the more
deadly. : Every time he lifted his good
south-, wing the -Senators felt the pain
of its stab." ,DowUng was also venomous
at times, but the -local bunch landed
when he -.was off ¦ his guard.' \ ;'•" :
The' weather -was v the k!nd the ba\l
cranks like, * so they turned out in num
bers that made . the j weekday/ bbxoffie£
man smile, for ho felt gratified. /The wind
blew a little, and perhaps it kept; sojtne
away. At all events, the crowd was* good
-for, a Thursday starter, and', it certainly,
received 'its money's worth in the articlW
of ball; the talent passed; out.; ?;¦ -.. >"
i- Round f one passed without any blood
being shed. The Senatorial aggregation
was aggressive in .the-' second ana took
four kinks out of . E.' Meredith's- snake
like offerings. The boy at the Scoreboard*
hung up the figure "''2," and' Fisher. said
many pleasant things.;. -
Rebsamen poked one. of .his left-hand
swipes past Bone at secctadi ; Big Birming
ham could- not connect; but Frary. • beat
but a slow one and Rebsamen alighted
on second.' Charley Graham "looked long
and earnestly at the diamond and at last
decided to hit it past Mr. Holly, and Reb
samen scored the first -run. In the mean
time Frary. took a rest at; the half-way
post and -.ran' strongly when Pete Dow
ling .walloped the leather out to. left. •, He
came- • home I safely, but Harris I said - no
more 7 should. follow suit- His orders were
•obeyed: ••¦'.- ;^ - • : ¦ :¦ •:.-•-
— The ghosta ' did , nothing . until - the
sixth:. They were lost in thought.- Nor-,
dyke thought the. crowd would be. pleased
to .- see him' safe on the ;bench after a
sprint around , the . paths. He. looked
sternly at J>owling, who passed' him .to
first. He tarried tnere'whtle Holly went
out; but started to. run as soon as "Cap*.*
Shugart soaked: it out £0 -the left' plat.
Wagner misjudgea^the .hit .and "Dyke"
did a hot-foot.- till , the pan was reached.
Shugarfs bi?t allowed ;him to go as far
as 1 second;:--t>ut he, was soon put. out for
ignoring /the home "plate when%Tominy
Lahey beat • out a little drive. . ' v V '¦ : {
Harris talked.' Germah -to his "men -in
the eig-hth ana; LaWlor put some- addi
tional . stesaminto: his running gear" and
beat out a hit to: the third' sack. VDyke"
bunted, | and little,. "Johnny swas. eaf e at
second. '- Holly 'sacrificed .both • a notch.
LawWr . contirmed ,' to ruij and - glided over
the>- rubber- when >Shugart died by the
third-first process.' ; Lahey . scored Nor
dyke'on-a'•hit; which went out of Shee
han's .reach, and the game was safe, as
the other fellows were duck soup for the
shooter .who works for Uncle.
Mike's contingent fielded immaculately.
The. locals, made 'three mistakes, which
.were not of .the costly order. Shugart
threw in- a' way^that made the fans say
. nice ¦ things about , him. Meredith always
h'ad.the horsenule under control. "Truck"
.Eaga^was careless and gracefully retired
in favor, of vUriglaub, Charley Doyle going
.to second.:' .liahey had, hfs,. wing in. high
grade shape and threw out everybody who
! t rtfdj to^ejea 1 second. . " The^score : r
. An exposure cf the ways of the wily
"grafter" ; wr.s made in Judge Graham's
court yesterday by A. Mellor, a young
man from Nevada, who Is the prosecuting
witness in the trial of -Martin J. Lane
on a charge 01 grand larceny. The al
leged, larceny occurred at the Palace-Ho
tel, and was 'accomplished with the aid
cf ; a faro' outfit! ; Mellor told the follow
ing tale yesterday: • ..•"_.
"I answered; an ad in a. morning .paper
asking for a you'ner man. with' a few dol
lars to invest. in a scheme- which, it v.as
promised, would yield large profits. In
1 answer to my letter Martin -J*. Lane
called at my house and- told me of a
friend of his named Sutton who was deal
ing faro for the United Turf Association
at the Palace Hotel. He told me that
Sutton had a ranch and a stud of thor
oughbred horses in Kentucky, on whclh
v there- was a mortgage of 51000. Lane said
that Sutton had 5S000 coming to him
as his interest in the faro game, and that
he was 'sore' at the association because
his request for an- advance of $1000 had
been refused. He a£ked me if I would
play against the game and 'pkln the
' outfit.' 1 agreed And drew $1700 I had on
. deposit with the Canadian Bank of Com
merce. 1 met him at the Grand Hotel and
i v.as introduced to Sutton, who preceded
vis to the Palace. When Lane and I got
to the rooms he knocked at the door and
was admitted by giving the signal, which
was that 'we were two guests from Sar
stcga.'
¦ "I was to play . under instructions,
which was to play on the card turne«i by
Sutton when he blew his nose vigorously.
Well, he didn't blow his nose very often,
and when he did my winnings were
small. At the end of the evening I was
broke, and all I got for my money was
I en assurance that Sutton was sorry, 'that
the cards did not break right.' "
X&NZ0N-NEXL FIGHT.
ST.-I.OUIS, April. m— Abe Attell of San
Francisco gained ihe decision on points
over Kid Broad of Cleveland in a twenty
round bout to-night before the West End
Athletic Club. ¦ . •; t .
•Broad forced the fight from start to
finish, but. as in his previous battle here
with the clever Callfornian, his tenacious
style availed him nothing. Attell- flitted
in and out and away like a shadow, all
the time playing a tantalizing tattoo of
light left jabs on Broad's physiognomy.
Interspersing them with rights to the head
and body. ¦ . .
Broad's blows had much steam behind
them and shook Attell up when they
landed. Broad made Attell's kidneys hi3
principal point of attack and at the clos*
at hostilities the latter's back showed th«
effects of the Clevelander's hard work.
At one time, only did Attell attempt to
nsix it— In the seventh round— and aftv
getting>much the worst. of the exchang*
heiifett.baclc to his defensive style.
;In the concluding round Broad tried
vainly to stem the tide of , defeat. He
rushed Attell to, the ropes as v the round
-opened and belabored' him with right and
left- swings. Cornering Attell a moment
later he again administered . heavy pun
ishment, the round • eridingr with Broad
chasing Attell around the ring. Broad
showed to better advantage in this round
than in any other. :,: - . ".'.
RESULTS OF THURSDAY'S EVENTS AT OAKLAND TRACK
George Humphreys told a strange story
yesterday to Coroner Leland and the po
lice concerning his roommate, I. G. Wen
rick, who was found ' dead In bed at
15 Edd>t street on March 15. Although
the man had not been attended by a
physician, and it was his first night: in
the lodging-house, no inquest was held.
The stomach was sent. to the City.Chem
ist for" analysis, and, no poison being
foundV Weririck's death was entered on
the ¦ Morgva records as - due .to . natural
• Mr. " Humphreys Vaid" "that Wenrick ha« v
beeii : sleW, 7 * despondent^ and out', of em
ployment for a. long, time and had often
threatened suicide. On the day preced
ing TVenrick's death, Wenrick showed
him a powder, for which he said he had
paid a clairvoyant .and palmist on Market
street $10, and a pawn ticket for a watch.
The powder >as a poison guaranteed to
leave no trace of itself alter twelve hours.
He said' that the poison was used by
photographers, and that he bought some
for 25 cents at a drug store. Humphreys
took it awav from' Wenrick by force, but
upon -his friend saying that he would buy
some more, he let him have it. V. enrick
was anxious to avoid the disgrace which
attaches to the: name of a suicide, his ;
brother being a Baptist clergyman at
Bradford, Ohio. Humphreys told this
storv to Eli J. Wilkinson, his landlord,
at 2144 Union street. All that Wenrick
would tell him about the composition
of the poison was that it was a cyanide
of potassium • preparation used by pho
tographers.
Dr. Wheeler of 1007% Market street is
said by Humphreys to be the man who
gave the poison prescription to Wenrick.
Wheeler emphatically denies all connec
tion with the case.
Contest
Meredith Outpitchrs Pete
Dowling in a Closa
Wenrick's Friend Tells of ; a
Powder That Leaves
v: No Traced ,
Offsets Aggressive • Work oi
the Latter by His;
Cleverness.
Goes Into Scheme to Fleece
Others and Loses His
,- TfOwn Coin,
Poison and a Clairvoy
ant Leading Features
in Tragedy.
Senators Play Errorless
Ball, but Are Weak
v. at the Bat.
The Oalifornian Boxer
Proves Superior to
Opponent.
I A. Mellor Describes His
Experience in "Brace"
Faro Game.
SAYS SYMPATHY
WAS ALL HE G0T
STRANGE STORY
OF A SUICIDE
UNCLE'S TALENT
TAKES THE GAME
ATTELL WINS
FORM BROAD
THUNDER MOUNTAIN MEN BRING GOLD
AND STORIES OF REGION'S RICHNESS
Prospectors Who Have Investigated the Character of the Yellow-
Veined Land in Mthe Isforth of Idaho Return to .Boise With
Proof of the . Exfmordinary Accounts . From Earlier Miners
THE SAN FRANQISCQ CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 11, 1002;
4
I The Pantourfs==$i.os
¦ This hat at 91.05 shows conclusively that you do not have to U
\ JS-W^-r 6 tO » et the.very latest. It likewise shows Sat you 1
i 1^ st^ I" a hat ave^ reasonable prke' I '
I . first - ciass hat * WeinS'-STiSs . I
I :ford The C °' ° rS °^ thePa "touris are black, cida^S, stee l and Ox : 1
I braise and WOmcn Ug h or smooth
§ - Out-qf-iown orders Tilled- -write us.
I J^S Market Street.George S. Benflle. H. K. Belden, C. S. Bene
dict, n. TV. Dyer, E. B. Beck. Howard P.
Ve«der. X. C. Terwllllsrer. Charles D.- Clark,
in the United States District
Court, charged with stealing $30,000 from
the Government. The testimony In the
case promises to be very sensational,
judging by the opening statement of the
prosecution.
The following jury was secured at the
moraine session;
WALTER. N. DIMMICK. ex
chief clerk In the United
States Mint Is on trial before
Judpe de Haven and a Jury
Joseph/Verne,' a Isallor of ;the7crew of
the ' French bark Relne f Blanc, :\ was dis
charged ; from : custody yesterday by .Unit
ed % States 'i Court Commissioner ¦ Heacock.
the French ' Consul,' -who was prosecuting
him ;for •desertion, 'having -failed h to Ap
pear/ 1 ¦¦'."¦ ':':¦•''-,'¦:''.
Joseph. Verne) Discharged.
Tried to Pass Spurious Coin.
\ James Fltzmorris and Carl Peterson
were arrested yesterday morning by Po
licemen Staples and- Cooney; on a charge
of passing counterfeit money.- Fltzmor
ris attempted to pass" the spurious coin
In Buckley ' & O'Connell's . saloon at 204
Fourth street. He claimed , that he secured
the money. from. Peterson, who rooms, at
211 Fourth street. Peterson was identi
fied a» Thomas J. ' Johnson. • Spurious
coins were found In Peterson's room.
: " Thomas" Ri : Cooley brought ; suit \ yester
day in ' the • ; Superior. . Court s to] recover
three" one-hundredtha ' of . that " part | of : the
Miller & Lux estate inherited by the Ger
man-heirs. ..His ; suit is based on a claim
which Attorney J. H. Campbell' of -San
Jose -had - against : the estate. -Recently
Campbell exchanged- his claim' for some
mining land owned by Cooley.
Sues Miller & Lux Estate. \.
The room at 41 Stockton .street, occupied
by - Sergeant John' P: "Peterson of the
Coast Artillery, Angel Island, was enter
ed early yesterday morning while 'he I was
asleep and -his uniform and purse, con
taining ?9. were stolen/ ' The police were
notified and Officers 'Braig and Sylvester
arrested Daniel Ryan and Charles A. Din
gle, who roomed at the same house," and
booked them on a, charge of burglary.
Peterson's clothes "were found in their
room, but not' his pur«c.' The 'two men
appeared before Judge Mogan 1 yesterday
and were Instructed and arraigned.:
Sergeant Is . Bobbed While Asleep.
..'.Cahill 'and his brother were sitting on a
fence at the corner of Polk street and Pa
cific avenue making Invidious remarks to
passersby when Policeman Herllhy got
off a car and ordered the young men to
behave themselves. They replied with op
probious epithets- and started.' to run
away. Herli^y chased them, and "when
Chester was about to be overtaken he let
fly half a brick at his pursuer. The young
prisoner claims he didn't mean to hit the
policeman." ' ¦ - • •
Chester Cahill, who resides at 1650 Pa
ciflc avenue, threw a brick at Policeman
P. N. Herllhy of the North End station
yesterday afternoon. The missile struck
the policeman over the eye, inflicting a
deep . gash and adding, materially to the
bulk and coloring of the officer's features.
of Officer Herlihy With Well
Aimed Missile.
Chester Cahill Changes the Features
. Tho California. Promotion Committee has an
nounced its plans, in the dally press and finds
it necessary that a regular working fund be
insured at once. -In order to save your tlmn
and ours, permit us to suggest that your sub
scription be |25 per month. -However, if this
amount does not meet with your views a larger
or - smaller sum, ; as ; your Judgment dictates,
will be accepted. Kindly fill out and mail the
Inclosed caret promptly.' "-. .
. The Stockton Board of Trade has. sent
its secretary,: Mr. Brown, to the rooms of
the State Board:of : Trade, and there he
will be for a few days studying the situa
tion as It presents Itself to him, the pur
pose being to win all-the advantage pos
sible for the enterprising and wide awake
cliy-of ': Stockton. He talked yesterday
with many, ! visitors to the exhibition hail
of the State Board of Trade,, and took
pains that every one should sec the ex
hibit illustrative of the resources : of i San
Joaquin • County. "• This exhibit ; will- be
made more prominent under the direction
of Secretary Brown and will . probably , be
renewed and' Improved. ; Stockton ¦ now
maintains .exhibits- at. Stockton and : Los
Angeles. . "~.' : _ ; - <- : i<"r •->
. Frederick W.' Taylor and ¦ Charles ¦ M.
Reeve, aipecial representatives of .the St.
Louis -'. Exposition, conferred ': yesterday
with the State Board of Trade relative to
the California exhibit. . . They assured the
State Board of ; Trade tiiat there. will be
no J postponement ; In . the ¦. opening of -the
exposition. yT -r^ ¦ " \- ¦¦- ¦¦'
The actual canvass of this city for
funds' by. the California Promotion Com
mittee of San Francisco will begin this
forenoon. This was decided upon at a
meeting held yesterday in the office of T.
C. Frledlander, secretary of the commit
tee. The ! work will begin in the business
part of the city, and members of the fin
ance committee will ask business men to
co-operate. At a meeting held yesterday
a form of ' circular : letter . was adopted
which will be sent to many citizens ! as
eoon as possible. This letter is signed by
Andrea Sbarboro. Charles Bundschu.'.W.
H. Mills, \ A. A. Watkins . arid Rufus P.
Jennings, members of the executive com
mittee of the promotion committee.- '•
"f The facts are set. forth- concerning the
appointment of the sub-committees on
ways and' means, colonization," •¦' employ
ment, advertising, manufactures'and-ex
hibits. A part, of the communication Is
as follows:/ - " ; • - ¦ '¦ > *. -
Committee Decides That
Work Shall Begin -
To-Day. ¦
At Mr. Schlesinger's request an ad
journment was taken until 10 o'clock this
morning:. ' • ¦ ,
penter at the Mint, who testified to mak
ing a model of the interior of the Mint,
which was placed before the jury. Mr.
Mix saM the /model was made on a scale
cf oi:e-half inch to the foot. Attorney
Collins objected to Its introduction, but
the court overruled him. ¦
When the attorney concluded he asked
for an adjournment, as an important wit
ness from Washington had not arrived.
Judge de Haven suggested that a few
witnesses could be examined and 'Attor
ney Schleslnger called Mr. Mix, a car-
THEEW A BRICK AT .
- PUBST7ING POLICEMAN
We will show you that the first step Mr. Dim
mick made in this crime was when he secretly
took Mr. Cole's combination three years ago.
Attorney Schieslnger said he would
prove that Mr. Dimmick was in the habit
of leaving the mint after hours; that a
watchman actually saw Dimmick cross
the hall of the Mint at a late hour and
enter his room with two bags In hts
hands. He said a conductor would testify
that he attempted to move a dress suit
case out of the aisle and fould it very
heavy. He said he would prove by a wit
ness that Dimmlck was seen to leave the
train at the Sixteenth-street station, Oak
land, and that the chief clerk's
actions • were so suspicious that he
watched- him. That Dimmlck car
ried a dress suit case and It was
so heavy he staggered. Attorney Schles
inger concluded by saying that he would
prove that when Dimmlck was taken into
custody he made statements to the ar
resting officer that practically . disclosed
his guilt.
-'The reception' and. dance given at Alca
traz ¦ Island ,, yesterday 5 afternoon »by "the
officers i and ' their-' wives " at that post 'was
a delightful i affair ' In * every sense ; of ¦ the
• . r • -•;•
Mrs. Worthlngton Ames, Mrs. William Al
ford' Mrs. CO. Alexander." Mrs. Henry Both
ln, • Mrs. Beylard, Mrs. Richard Bayne, . Mrs.
WakeAeld - Baker, Mrs. Samuel Buckbee, Mrs.
Thomas Breeze, Mrs. Samuel Blair, Mrs. Gor
don Blandlng, Mrs. Fred Beaver, Mrs. George
Boyd, Mrs- Breyf ogle, Mrs. L. L. Baker, .Mrs.
H. C. Breeden, Mrs. Horace Blanchard Chasa,
Mrs. .Henry Crocker, Mrs. Francis I. Carolan,
Mrs. , Joseph Crockett, Mrs. George' Crocker,
Mrs. Wilfred Chapman, Mrs. : James Carolan,
Mrs. . Maurice - Casey, Mrs. - A. Cheesebrough,
Mrs. Warren 'Clark, i Mrs. John Currey, Mrs.
W. .B.: Collier, Mrs. E. R. Dlmond. Mrs." John
de Ruyter, Mrs. Walter Dean Jr., Mrs. H. W.
Elliott, Mrs. Perry Eyre, Mrr. James , H. Fol
lis, Mrs. Florence Frank, Mrs. J. ¦ A. Folger,
Mrs. Sarah Fry, Mrs. 'J. D. Grant," Mrs. Frauk
Grlf fln, - Mrs.' Adam - Grant, Mrs. Fred Green,
Mrs. Charles Hush, Miss . Hush, Mrs. Henry
Huntlngton, Mrs.' Horace HIM, Mrs. Walter
8. ¦ Hobart, Mrs. • Harry Howard, Mrs. Timothy
Hopkins. Mrs. Edward ' Hopkins, Mrs. Osgood
Hooper, Mrs.' ' Downey Harvey. Mrs. - S. " Hofl
mann, Mrs. , Jerome Hart, Mrs. R. G.' Hooker,
Mrs.' William *¦ Q. r - Irwin, ¦ Mrs/- Paul ¦. Tarboe,
Mrs.-W. P. Jones,\ Mrs. Charles 'Josselyn, ; Mrs.
Julius Kruttschnltt. Mrs. S. Knight, -Mrs.
Homer Klnx, Mrs. Charles-: Keeney, Mrs.
Alexander ¦ D.^ Keys, Mrs. A. • S. Keeler,
Mrs. -F. M. : Klmble, Mrs. . George Lent, Mrs.
Wlnthrop • Lester, ¦'-. Mrs. Alexander • Lougli
borough, • .: Mrs. ¦ Jerome Lincoln,- Mrs. , C
Monaffle, ¦ Mrs. Charles •. MuIIln, Mrs. Hall
McAllister, Mrs. Charles Mclntosh. , Mrs. George
McNcar,' Mrs. Seward McNcar, Mrs. E. J. :Mc-
Cutchen, Mrs. McNutt. Mrs. McBean, Mrs. Mc-
Klttrick, Mrs. - McCrary, Mrs. Edward Martin.
Mrs. Herbert Moffltt, Mrs. Percy Morgan,. Mrs.
Thomas Magee, Mrs. Fred ' Magee, Mrs. Walter
Magee, ,Mrs. Will Magee, Mrs. .John Merrill,
Mrs. Fred Moody, Mrs. S. G. Murphy, Mrs. Wal
ter Martin, Mrs. A: Macondray, Mrs., J. R. K.
Nuttall,' Mrs. , L. Owens, ' Mrs. • Herbert Oxnard,
Mrs. Porteous I Oxnard, | Mrs. Horace Plllsbury,
Mrs. Ashton Potter, Mrs. George Pope, Princess
Poniatowskl, M,rs. i E. ; . F. ; Preston. Mrs. ini
Pierce," Mrs. ¦ E. B.-Pond, ¦ Mrs. ' Edward Pond, v
.Mrs. Romualdo Pacheco, Mrs. Robinson Riley,
Mrs.' James 'Robinson,'. Mrs.' Edward M. . Rob
inson, ¦ Mrs.c Rudolph ¦ .¦ Spreckels, : - Mrs. E. G.
Schmledell, ¦ Mrs. -Monroe Salisbury, .Mrs. J.* D.
Spreckels, Mrs. Irving- Mr Scott. Mrs. Lawrancc
Scotf. • Mrs/ R. ' K.: Smith; • Mrs. W'.^R. Smed
berg, Mrs. W. R: Smedbergr Jr., Mrs. William
P. Shaw, t Mrs. R. • P. Schwerin. Mrs. J. S.
Tobin. Mrs. Alfred -Tubbs. Mrs. Charles Tuttle,
Mrs. ' Fred Tallant,' Mrs. Augustus Taylor, Mrs.
William Taylor. Mrs. William Taylor Jr., : Mrs.
A.N. Towne. Mrs. William Thomas, Mrs. Mary
A. Tobin. Mrs. "Andrew Talbot, ¦-. Mrs.. Charles
Taylor," Mrs. • William .Tevls, ;- Mrs.' T. C. . Van
Ness, Mrs. Mountford'- Wilson,- -Mrs.-' Russell
Wilson, "• Mrs. ,Chauncey Wlnslow., ; Mrs. : Douglas
Watson,' Mrs. ; Charles ' Wheeler, Mrs/ Clinton
Worden, Miss t West," Mrs. : Cyrus J Walker,; Mrs.
William Woods, • Mrs. ; A. P. "WhlUell," Mrs-
Frank R.WeIl8.
if Mrs! .Thomas Magee Jr. was hostess
at on©- of the handsomest luncheons yes
terday* that has ever been given Jn San
Francfsco. The three large tables -were
arranged in the dining-rooms of the Uni
versity^ Club. The, affair was in honor of
Mrs. Frank Wells of Burlington, Vt., Mrs.
Robinson Rlley and Mrs. Joseph Tobin.
Pink apple 'blossoms were chosen for dec
oration, and/the artistic, effects produced
were charming. The cards at the .places
were In | white and gold and bore the
menogram of Mrs. Magee. Mrs. Frank
Wells, Mrs. Will Magee and Mlsa Hush
sat, at the largest table with the hostess.
The* second . was presided^ over by.. Mrs.
Valentine Hush, while Mrs. Fred Mag,ee
had charge of the third. Everything was
"perfectly appointed for the" comfort and
pleasure, of the guests, and the luncheon
. w as a - brilliant , success. - invited
guests were: .¦ , . • ;,' . . ¦¦
READY TO RAISE
PR0MOTION FUND
MRS.' MAGE E JR.
ENTERTAINS HER
MANY FRIENDS
DEFENDANT AND SOME OF THE PRINCIPAL WITNESSES FOR THE
GOVERNMENT IN THE MINT ROBBERY. CASE NOW ON TRIAL IN
THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT.
H. J. Knowles, Joseph M. Donlon. C. w; Cal
lahan and Eugene W. Kay.'
George Collins is attorney for Dlm
xnick and Bert Schlesinger and United
States District Attorney Wood-worth are
prosecuting the case in behalf of the
Government.
John \V. Wilkie. chief qf the United
States Secret Service; W. 'J. Byrnes, a
member of the bureau and conceded to
be one of the shrewdest secret service
men in the country; and John P. Bergln,
safe and lock expert -of the Government;
came here from Washington to give tes
timony in the case.
-¦=¦-. - • Openings Statement.
At the afternoon session Mr. Schles
inger made the opening statement for
the prosecution. In part, he said:
May it please the court and you, gentlemen |
of the Jury, the Indictment In this case charges
the defendant with having on the 1st day of
July. 1901. stolen from the United States Mint
ct San Francisco the sum of $30,000. The in
dictment consist* of three counts, but all these
three counts relate to the same transaction.
The first count chances the crime of larceny.
The 'second and third charge the crime of em
bezzlement. But you will understand, gentle
men of the Jury, that there is only one charge
against this defendant of having stolen the
$30,000.
We will show you, gentlemen of the Jury,
that on the 29th day of June, 1901. the amount
of cash on hand in the Mint was found to be
$30,000 short in double eagles. The evidence
will Indicate that this shortage was attributed
to an error In bookkeeping, but in order to
make absolutely certain how this shortage oc
curred a complete count of all the money in
the vault not under seal was had. and the fact
that the shortage occurred In the cashier's vault
was absolutely established. The books will
ehow, gentlemen of the Jury, that a. crime was
committed, namely, th* crime of larceny, and
the proofs will show that the only person who
could commit that crime was a person having J
access to the cashier's vault. The proofs will
ehow that the crime charged in this indictment
could not be committed vy any outsider, and
further, gentlemen of the Jury, the evidence
will demonstrate clearly that this crime could
only have been committed by some employe of
the Mint who had access to the cashier's de
partment. The cashier's vault is able to hold
$6,000,000. but we will ehow you that on ac- '
count of the large amount of money on band
the bags were stacked.
Dimmick Manipulated Locks.
We will show you that Mr. Dimmlck had
been seen manipulating the time lock; that it
was his duty to count the cash in the cashier's
vault every day and be was required to make
to the Superintendent of the Mint a written re
port of the amount of cash on hand, and we
will show you that Mr. Cole entered the cash
ier's vault and checked the figures in his books;
that Mr. Dimmick. In pursuance of his duty,
would go into the vault, would pretend to
count the number of bags contained in the
plgepn-holea, and that every day he reported
that all the money called for by tha cashier's
books was Intact.
We will show you, gentlemen of the Jury,
that Mr. Dimmlck was seen leaving the Mint
on more than one occasion between the months
cf January 1901. and June, 1901. the three or
four months preceding the discovery of the loss,
after business hours carrying a dress suit case.
We will show you, gentlemen of the Jury, that
when Mr. Dimmlck was asked whether he had
«. dress suit case, whether lie ever had - a dress
suit case in the Mint, that he stated constantly
that he sever owned a dress suit case aad never
owned one or ever had one at the Mint.
We will show you . that Mr. - Dimmlck en
deavored by various ways and means to fasten
the crime on his fellow-employe."" the cashier
of the Mint, when he was asked to account for
the disappearance of those six bags of coin;
that he made a large number of statements
tending to indicate „ to his superior officers that
Sir. Cole was the man who had stolen the $30.
000. We will chow you that he made false
accusations against Cole; that be was short-
In his cash and In a systematic and studious
way he attempted to avert suspicion from him
self and fasten it upon the cashier. : Mr. Cole.
day afternoon fey Rev. John Hemphill.
Only jtwo witnesses were present. Mrs.
Thorrie was formerly the wife of J. C.
Wilson. Dr. and Mrs. Thome will resida
at 1953 Pine street, San Francisco.
Mrs. A. Z. Jennings, formerly. Miss
Alice Ziska of this city, was married yes
terday In London. Milton Snyder was tha
bridegroom. Mr. and Mrs. Snyder will re
side in Paris after -the coronation.
Miss Mattie M. Holbrook and Gerald S.
Whitley' were married at Annlston yes
terday. The bride Is a daughter of the
late H. C. Holbrook. The groom is a
newspaper man at Anniston. Mr. and
Mrs. Whitley will live in this city.
- Mrs. Antonia Bandmann and Captain
Louis P. Brant were married Wednesday
night at the residence of the bride's son,
Charles J. Bandmann, 1524 Vallejo street.
They will reside at 2500 Van Ness avenue.
Captain Brant was appointed to West
Point in 1S69. He retired from the army in
1S99 and has lately made his home at the
Cosmos Club. Mrs. Bandmann is : the
widow of Julius Bandmann of the firm of
Bandmann. Nelson & Co., commission
merchants, who died two years ago. leav
ing her a large estate. Captain Brant' 3
age .was given in the marriage license as
53 and that of Mrs. Bandmann as 52. • :
word. Mrs. Shaw, Mrs. Puller and Mrs.
Hancock sent out the Invitations, made
the arrangements and received the guests.
The tennis court was canvased over for
dancing and covered with a large tent.
The artistic effects in decoration were
produced .with palms, festooned garlands
of green and many handsome hangings
and military equipments. The Presidio
band furnished excellent music during
the afternoon and delicious refreshments
were served. Officers from the Presidio
and Angel Island were among the guests.
The tug McDowell left. Clay-street wharf
at 1 o'clock with a number of San Fran
cisco guests and picked up others at va
rious points on the way. Most of the
guests returned at 5 o'clock, having been
delightfully entertained. Among those
invited were: .- - "¦¦-¦• v .* -,. * : '
Mrs. Josephine Wilson and Dr. I. W.
Thome were quietly married on "Wednes-
Mrs. B. C. Morse. Miss Crlssle Tart, Miss
Gertrude Allen. MUs Jacqueline Moore, Miss
Maude Taylor, Mrs. Monroe Salisbury. Mrs.
Dr. A. J. Black, Mrs.. C. P 1 . Robinson, Mrs.
Brower. Miss Margaret Salisbury. Miss Azalea
Keyes. Miss Catherine Herrin, Miss Alice Her.
rln. Miss Kathryn Robinson. Mtss Elsie 8per
ry. MIps Ethel Parker, Miss Elizabeth Falke.
Miss >.uth Dunham, Miss Elsa Cook. Miss
Wllllar, Miss Gertrude Allen. I Miss Alice
Knowles, . Miss Ruth Knowles. Miss Williams.
Miss Florence Hayden. Miss Bessie Palmer,
Miss Queen Russell, - Miss Ruby Johnson, Colo
nel and Mrs. Rawles, Captain and Mrs. White.
Miss White, Captain Johnston. Lieutenant Be t
tlson, Lieutenant Ernbrlc!c. Lieutenant Brower,
Dr. Collins, Dr. Greenleaf, ¦ Lieutenant.' Ed
wards, Lieutenant Lowenburs and Lieutenant
Kelly. .
NEW YORK. April 10. — Stfeyer " & Co. an
nounced this morntaff that they had bought
control of the Choctaw, Oklahoma, and Cult
Railroad. They declined to disclose the termi
or the names of the parties for whom they
acted. ,- '
THE SAIS^ FRANCISCO
Government Expects to Prove That Defendant Robbed the Mint of
$30,000 During the Months of January and July, 1 901— Secret
Service Agents Come From Washington, D. C, - to. Testify
PROSECUTION HAS STRONG EVIDENCE
AGAINST EX-CHIEF CLERK DIMMICK
5
I...-- i^?^ IXTM - r ( . ' THE EMPORIUM. - ' | x :TSE EMPOBITTM. [ THE EMPOBIITM.
¦••-.•-- •:-.-•-¦.,¦• .-¦.->.- ..-¦..,-¦¦¦¦.... . \ •• .. - ¦..-"¦•:¦.-¦•¦• , ¦¦ . : ¦ .
I Sugar Safe : Isee what jQ^ /¦ • fi O w» Butter Sato *
I | FrWay an^ Saturday SS ™**yOnty. \
•f Best Drv Granu'ated Sucar oh : sneeial ¦ - y 969 r mi M M Mwtrw^s 9r m^*w m ir m B a » . • *
«ft?^l?S^S5S^Sfe^S "T-'-iii ' 'in I '¦ -J___sm "^^ accbrdmg 5°o° regular size square* of the very J
g sale for two days at the lowest retail njht> sBe *ssmE&^ SB * g^ "size. best quality Creamery Butfr-on {
I / P"« rca^ hed - £f nOf ' --^^^ C8a^Al«ER.CA'SCBAND£ S T STORE special saleTriday enly; O -^
J 25 lbs. for. . B* IM%*9 — . . ; , . Jl. 5quare . 33 C
ft -. " ¦ • . -• ¦ . • . - . Have xou lem the Perfection Skirt Holders now bein* dtmojistt ated in the •
jc — -i o -. - s o # main aisle? Thevhoh like a gentleman's watch fob, are attached to .'
«f . , ' ® the bzlt of your skirt and fastened to the folds in such a manner as Undermuslin Bargains. \
K Boys' and Men's*- to iijt it gracefully ir\>m the ground, leaving your hands free. If you Burns Co. Stock Salo* * ]
it ':.¦• Boyi' Golf -Shirts — Good r ; a^ - buy one of th3se Skirt Holders you will secure several dollars' worth Grcit Talue , $dn here You j^,, come 3
S of plain tan, all with cuffs to K^^^fS • ¦ ' ' Krotr.^ Tf I ' v**rfc^V
p^li^^ilHj Pattern Hats Reduced. \
$ Men's G If Shir's — Either fc 1 The Pattern Hats have done their purpose," furnished ideas for the many — now this «ale' * C, W 1
tW^&^Mm. I 'M^^I you can boy them at greatly Reduced price, The , S e Conet Cccr, V J K {
g of them stylish, up-to-d.te" 1 1 ' o I MKv " S20 Hars now $15, the $25 Hats now £19, the $30 ««» <"*Y 34, 36, ,, x^ „.
X' patWns and a largt' variety J Ha < s n °W 50, and the £35 Hats now $27. 50. 2 J C "cnV Covets all /l$!y&&/ I \ •
tf- to select from, flf? Ul| JLLU mwZBfflmffiiBW ' As thcse hats are c P l in a separate exhibition room, s \ zti . f o 0 Vrtfvl't' A \ \
* .pedal Friday..,.  W-^^MW to see them. ¦ ' ' *S< Corset Cover,. siz« I flfj A \ i
* «*r~^ " ~~ ' i S7.5O, $1O.OO, $I2.5O— More and . onl r 36, 38 , 4 , • li\(jb^73^J > :
g §1.53Q WaiSVS OOC' \£ZZBY^ more and better and better— our own large force and J8e '^ c^ ° ASm V \
K,- Polka Dotted. Ncarsi'.k Waists; black ¦ ¦^^^\'" -many extra hands are working at high pressure to keep ,- z . s # . . .2Qo I T^Svi /^ \
»' ground, varied small ; ¦' ¦ ¦ up with th; demand for these popular priced and well 35c Drawers, plain or ' / Tv\\V^ I
i J&^ > white dots, plaited made and charmingly trimmed hats, fine trimmings, fins making and correct embroidery trimmed /*2a-r^ j
X - W^ ' . front and' : tucked '" styles, either. . chiffon or lace Tuscan Straws— better va!ucs always 6oc '^^ lUeSSson and edge . . 39o :
»'¦ '¦¦"•'*¦ ' back, all siz;s, reg- V $7*5Om $1O*OO* $12*50* ' . / ¦" , . . , x , $i.»5 deep flounce and embroidery edge %
I • (^«\ I'^fia^ld^ 1 A D. Corsets, Bargains. . t^^h^^^^^Dn^n.'.BOo ]
%'"' K-»'"^^^flr' CT£S '.\- Genuine Imported P. D. French -Cprseti in black or white that A** ffiT/fft ' ! — '¦ ; — '- '•']
l ; ftil^ffi^ r OpC ¦- .'have sold for ¦$ 5. 00, on special sale to-day at the low price of $>Bm<5*9*J < SalB of LacCS 'S' A
** J6l50> $7 ' 50 ' S0 Wc havc thesc s5zes and coIors onIy : Black 18> I9> 20t Wbilc 18 ' 19f 20 ' 21 ' 22 and 26 * For Friday Only. I
«f New Skirts, $4.95— Batiste Girdle _Corsels — Ribbon trimmed, fully boned, latest cut, About 500 dozen of the 8^c, 10c and rz^c "'
tt '.••¦ ' '- :: '^T -"•' : ' i ' ' ¦ No ordinary offer- . value for 75c,- special at ... . . . --. . ..... ... ./....¦. - ' . . ."O€#0 qualices of Point de Paris and . Normandy . i
If ing, but 15 Styles of the newest all- ~ ~ ¦ • . . . : T" ~ ~~i T""^ : : ~~" Va! Laces, in from a to 4 inches,- ',
«f wool skirts,. ¦, trimmed \ and plain, AlSOt her ROUSintS Gioihlltg Safe will be oaipecial sale b main aisk _^ }
Si > 1 i_- --•-»' • . » t 01 • ¦¦.--'- \ __¦_•_•..-•'•¦•_ - -», **. M ¦¦ JtT 1 ' m ' Friday oolyi per yard . . . . ; . . O U i
'doth or cheviot, Melton skirts, . Friday antB Saturday Only. • . J ..-.. 3
I §^MW*$®$£& h CIothin S store in the United States will give you Tray Cloths, 17c. \
H. two-day, saiex Friday and Saturday better values than these three items are at our regular sam P :d Momie Lb en T» y aoths, 16x2* •!
i s. ............ .....S4-.95 prices.- The amount deducted -from the mci«s,^nn r d end,, nany P «tty patterns; •-;,
tf. ; V"*^*"*' r j • jrr-'j JOi. j /~\ only 450 in the lor, and an exceHcat bar- '
g ,.¦¦.:_: - — — — j every-day prices for Friday and Saturday /JL gain at the ipedai Friday price, f }
5 Veiling Sate. J is justso much money actually saved by - ' T^ -¦ > \ each# ••••'• • • • • • *^ c 'ii
$ Another Big Event. ' the purchasers of these up-to-date desir- A n ~. «¦ ~ - -\
More than 8000 yard, of this season', desirable, able, garments. / * . . /V ** **OOa tSraSS Bittl [?
J ,tyi«h and most becoming effects-at about : Choice o! AnV Mcn'js $20.00 Suit in This Store Friday / > >i\ V Gage $1.00.
5 o wur ; ,r-r u- , and Saturday lor $17.50-Thcse suits arc all" of them new / J AA A »"£. G i u s e JL \
* 1 8-mch al.-silk Tuxedo Veilings, white ground c . , X , , . . , , ..- 1^4 Brass Wire Bird
6 with black dots; i S c quality, Fri- * Spring and Summer patterns; made by America's leading fc^S. , o ,18 J Cage-.ize . 'rWS^h <:
%f- day, per yard ...... .... . -.MrC manufacturing tailors; imported and domestic Worsteds, ..V^^jf>- 9)4 x6 % xl2 %( "T"''mnTTT'n •
K 2 5 c-qua'.ity of Novelty Dot Tuxedo or Maline Cheviots, Scrge3, Cassimercs, etc. ; our full va!u:, every- /'^^l )i'M inches — fitted i' .,.] Jl L.I fc j ',
fc - Mesh Veiling, w th silk chenille spot; in day $2O.oo Su : .ts; Friday and Saturday **** -9 f 0* S» JWfHlW with opal seed / ' '', || M ' :
1 1 iiti rTf c^'^,M^Bk :
tf. Sociality Novelty Black Brussels Net Veil- Cho!ce o! Any Youths' $10.03 Svit fal This Store Friday j | morabletia^" ZB. j
tf ing,,with7ancy dot and embroidered # - and SatVTiIay lor $8.50— Size$ for boys 1 3 to 19 years of If bottoms— com- ,
J . 'gilt border;' .special Friday, per. yard MHhG age; in all the handsome new Spring patterns; also blue j\ I OtherVzes Imported" Brass Cages ] ' *'*° 0 ]
V 35c' and 50c. Black Silk Pattern Veils, with and black; single or double breasted coats; perfect- fitting ill • -$1*25 $1 SO '
$"• chenille «pot and border; 7 styles; garm -nts; our regu'ar $ IO.OO Suits; Fri- 4**% Cf gm I Semceable Painted Cages . .". . .*..".•.
S> special Friday, each. .. .... IMC b , , ' c j 1 *to#£ "QMS \\ I «*»*» 7/?<» ft/I** '
J * . " >, ¦¦;..-• . /\ - day and Saturday only. . . . nj3f*£m a OJv \t& 111 ........... C>_-C, sue, BOO •
X'-: __.--.¦ ¦ • _ . Boys' \ 50c bivmdercd Waists 29c— For ages 5 to: 13 I A " N '
J Friday Liquor bale. years; fast color percales; Byron collars, Mother's Friend \J \&L Nottingham Curtains '
g .Duffy's Medicinal Malt Whlsky-rFriday per Waist attachment; regular 50c value; ffi/ay M S1.25 Quality 95c.
•* bottle . • • •'*•.•' •'• • • • • • M^rO 7 ' • . - , j • * * *
\ ADSellca or Muse Jtel-Extra quality sweet ° MV • '¦' ''•• '•- -•'¦ •-• .r^***"- A. good w:dth, practical heavy Nottingham '
J . Thome's En^ish Gin^ impomd, Friday, per Men's Pants, $U69. Style Stationery, 55c. **j • . . . . TT . .... 95g "^
g •. bottle . ... . . ¦.:.:. .\ .£v . 7BO Another of our pat Saturday evening specials The biggest value we have ever been able, to • . — ' \
* Kentucky *.RfverJ WhlsKyr-^Pure, straight in- the Clothing Dspartmsnt (from 7 to offer in boxed sutionery, the newen style of «, WA . w «^ '. -»*» '
•J^lo^^^^Vi^^^^M . 16:30 p.rn:"ohIy);'"Men's"strictiy all-wool * Berlin Bond, ia the .ftshionable Winthrop NOVO/ty IttK StanOS 23C.<
*£:¦¦¦¦¦'.- : - '•'.- ' : '"*¦"' '"•'• v '' v '- ' r *' '¦$ -'. •' Cassimere Pants, heavy weight, extra well shape, white and light bin: tints, 100 sheets ' ;^V ' ' *^ Novelty Vienna' '>
I Lillian Russell V I^X^T^T^SSc S^tS^d \
af 5 £5 Gitt'arS ' ? ' . . . _ .. . O yf^~^If}//f\\^ bronze effects — in a \
* tnVfcdfocif On lhc Salcstables Saturday— T^ Famous Emporium T,^ * FX* :
S ail ZZlT vfuL k*,. Playin ° Cards > 2 ka^for 25c; Ladies' Neckwear, ¦ :
5 .//,,! v , Ginghams, Boys' Waists, Notions/ Books, Wash / - ?t f '
I them by the box tf you wish- 5 o S UkS, Cushion Tops, etc. ; ' . "S^^S^t^St * ™ :
J for f/.2j>. , o ____ __ _ _^ , Q ¦Friday only 23 C \
JTEW ADVEBTISEMEHTS."
A WOMAN'S BACK"
The Aches and Pains Will Disappear
if the Advice of This San Fran- -
dseo Citizen Is Followed.
A> woman's back has many aches and
pains.
Most times 'tis the kidneys' fault. _
Backache Is really kidney ache.
That's why Doan's Kidney Pills cure It.
Many San Francisco women know this.
Read what one has to say about It:
Mrs. Patrick Reardon (Patrick Rear-
don. contractor for sewers, - etc.), resi-
dence 219 Hayes street, says: "Before I
went to the Owl Drug Store. 112& Market
street, for Doan's Kidney Pills I had ex-
hausted all my knowledge of urinary
household makeshifts and tried remedy
after remedy guaranteed to cure attacks
of backache, but I was unsuccessful in
procuring anything 1 to give lasting relief.
My back ached' sometimes so severely
tiiat I could not rise from a chair for
hours at a time and' when in this condi-
tion it was Just as painful to move
around. Doan's Kidney Pills absolutely
Etopped the last attack. I now. know
what to use should others recur."
For sale by all dealers. Price 50 cents.
Foster-MIlburn Co.. Buffalo, N.' Y., sole
agents for the United States.
Remember the name— Doan's— and take
no substitute.
,'-^- r - ADVERTISEMENTS. " .
FrandKO, Friday, U April, 1903
Simply "stunninor" /
A dignified and highly artis?
tic furniture piece, capable \ of
commanding admittance to the
boudoir of the most particular
' mistress. \
A combination cheval mirror
and toilet table. • Measures 68
inches high by 35 inches in
width. * Contains a French
bevel plate mirror 19 . by
inches; and three drawers for
toilet articles. The 'mirror
swings on pivots and a full
i~ view of .the figure may easily
be obtained. You may have
this piece in beautifully finished
golden oak at $48.00 or richly
• finished mahogany at $55.00/
(Successors to California Furniture Co.)
957 '9, 977 Street :/ jj
[jMen Opp. Golden Gate Avenue
©oo3oe«©eo©ooooo©«o©o©oooooo©0ooo®oooeoeooo©o
2 ' . ' -^¦'¦,- ; /-^;' ; v; ; - .. ..: '- ,.-' ¦•
Wi7 . ,***¥ (Fh
8 -.SPEG.IAL^i'- |
8 ,-! 100 ETON SUITS in Grayjan, Black arid Red, ©
S silk facings, double flounce skjrt, at $13.50 . 8
§ Regular price $20.00. . •
g TAFFETA ETOiN JACKET, white em- g
g broidered fancy facing, at . ... . • • . . . . . $5.00 •
© Regular price $8.50. * ©
8 BLACK ETON JACKET with 8
8 double cape at. .... . .-^.. . v. .v. 63.50 g
• - . Regular price $5.00. •
| Great Variety of Suits From $10.00 to $75.00 §
e©©«©«O«©OOO©«»OO»©©»OO0OO4>OOOOO©©O9OOOO000O§a Rebekah lodge who had been selected
to receive the cross of chivalry. The
captain of the canton then advanced and
after examining the papers of the ladles
turned the command over to the lieu
tenant, who gave the order to open ranks,
whereupon the captain relieved th<s chev
alier escort and leading the way led the
three candidates through the open ranks,
the chevaliers being at order swords and
uncovered. The ladies were then formally
presented to the general, J who informed
them that they would have to take an ob
ligation, but before doing so would have
to lave their hands in pure water so they
might receive the decoration free from
sin. After this the ladies were again pre- ¦
sentedto the general, wno administered
the oath. After the last word had been
spoken by the general there came from
each chevalier of the canton, who had
formed in a square around the ladles, the
admonition, "Remember the oath." This
was followed by a prayer by the chaplain
and then the ladies, kneeling on cushions
were approached by the little maid of
honor, symbolical of innocence, who
pinned on the left breast 1 of each the
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Burean (Allen's). 230 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 1042. *-r •-.
Townsend's California glace fruit, 50c a
pound, in fire-etched boxes or Jap., bas
kets/ A nice present for Eastern friends.
639 Market st., Palace Hotel building:. •
Notice— Best eyeglasses, specs, lac to 60c.
Look out 81 4th (front barber & grocery).*
Cal. glace fruit 50c per 1b at Townsend's.*
Stuffed prunes with apricots. Townsend'a.*
white cross surmounted by the all-seeing
eye and having upon Its face a heart
within a crown of gold. After the proc
lamation of the close of the ceremony
each lady was presented a bouquet of
fragrant roses. The canton retired and
there was; dancing until midnight. The
affair was arranged and successfully car
ried out under the directions of Emma
Archer, Annie Renner. Annie Ramm. John
H. Young • and Melville P. Forbes, the
committee of Amity Lodge. •
MEMBERS OF AMITY REBEKAn LODGE OF ~ THE' "ODD FELLOWS"
WHO WERE DECORATED WITH THE CROSS OF CHrVALRY, AND
THE MAID OF HONOR WHO DECORATED THEM.
repute reports that he saw recently seven men killed
io an arena while baiting an enraged bull to death.
ceived a few days ago from Manila. A physician of
News of a most encouraging character was re-
It is reported that : the estate left by Altgeid, who '
was fat time reputed to be a millionaire/! is so
much incumbered it will i be barely sufficient to pay
his 'debts. ¦ He appears > to , have . been, one ;- - of /, the
J speculators who went into the ring once too often.
It is announced that Turkey intends to mobilize
upward of 90,000 of her irregular troops during the
summer by way of exercising them in the art of war,
and if the Sultan be wise he will give them a little
practical exercise in hunting out bandits.
THe investigation regarding 'the purchase of the
Danish West 'Indies/ now in progress, in Washing
ton, seems to indicate very clearly that Xaptaih
Christmas tried to sell us a goid^brick ; in his own in
teresting self and services which' he could not render.
An' enterprising- gentleman who says he intends to
be at .the north pole in 1906 and tell' us ;allf about it
by wireless telegraphy wants the British' .authorities,
to help him with a modest gift of $75,060.- Why not
put .Marconi in the field, 'and he might do the job
cheaper?-, , ' .¦ - ;: — V- i - r ' ,•- * *
So far, as the Congressional investigation of the
charges.made in connection with the purchase of the
Danish West Indies has gone there has been found
nothing rotten in /Denmark except the author of
the charges, Captain Christmas, and unfortunately
we've : got. him. ;
. Chinese authorities have issued an ; edict declaring
that the custom" of foot-binding for women 1 is an
injury to the good order of creation. Perhaps these
interesting dignitaries . would Have modified their
opinion if they had seen the reverse 'side of things
by a visit to Chicago.. ' '
! NEW YORK,' April 10.— The' following
Callfornlans are in New York: From San ;
Francisco— F. ; W. ''.: Brake, at . Cadillac ; R.
Hanillton and wife, ;H.F.: Marsh, at Gil
sey; D. Jacobs and wife, at Gerard; F. -C.
.Wotaling, at Holland. From San Jose— H;
W. Edwards, I at , Grand Union; C. W.
Fleming, at Herald Square. From Los
Angeles— J. A. Wood, at Grand Union. "
ANSWERS TO COBBESPONDENTS.
•NO VICE PRESIDENT— Subscriber,'
Fouts Springs, Cal. The office of Vice
President of: the United States is vacant
at' this time." ' : '¦ . " . '
ROCKET— S., City. The phrase, "He
went up like a rocket and came down like
a stick," was first used by Tom Paine in
reference to the great orator Burke. : - <
J ROOT AND GARDINER— J. B.; San
Jose. Cal. /The records j of 'Jack Root and
George Gardiner show .'that they never
met in the ring until "February 1, 1902,; at
the Mechanics'^ Pavilion, In San Francisco.
A BET— F. N.,O., Stockton, Cal.' If the
conditions of the bet weu that A's tickets
would draw inore^money but of a certain
lottery f scheme than > B's and that B's
would 'draw more than A's, and neither
party won [ anything, then the bet is a
draw. : ¦
'BELGIAN HARES— M. :!,.- K.. Pacific
Grove, Cal., This ; ; department has no in
formation as; to, the of , the
trouble with which your Belgian hares are
affected/^ Those who; make. a business of
caringfor such animals do not give away
their methods; they sell 'them.
;The one great virtue of. Burnett's Ex
tract is i purity.-- If*< real vanilla extract & noth
ing but vanilla extract.' Always use Burnett's.
Calif ornians in New 'York.
Another, inspiration for the improvement of city
property and an encouragement to builders rests' in
the strong probability that unsightly, dangerous ad
vertising fences will in all - likelihood not be torn
jdown unless owners of real estate insist upon erect
ing structures on their holdings. - . \ . ',.
Owing to the strife between American and, Cana
dian officials at the disputed, point the Joint High
Commission appointed to settle the. dispute agreed
upon a temporary line to- be respected by both sides
pending the final settlement. That agreement is now
in force, but the Canadians have surveying parties at
work busily engaged in an effort to carry the Cana
dian line nearer to the sea. : It is hardly likely that
the official representatives of a great nation 'would
deliberately destroy or falsify evidence in a case
of this kind by removing an ancient landmark, ; but
the charge is not incredible. Canada has been by -no
means" scrupulous ; in pressing her pretensions aloiitr
The issue has become. important because of the
growing wealth of the ; . Yukon territory and the
Alaskan shore line. A strip of country which before
-the discovery of the Klondike goldfields was deemed
of little or no value by either. nation has now be
come sufficiently important to be the subject of se
rious'contention. The point at issue is to determine
where»the boundary line ran between the British and
the Russian possessions before we purchased Alaska.
Canada, in a not unnatural eagerness to get posses
sion of a seaport for. her Klondike country, has made
extraordinary ¦ claims of the extent , of her .territory,
along the disputed line and has repeatedly committed
aggressions upon territory that is indisputably ours.
If any old Russian monuments remain to mark the
line before the' controversy began they would be of
the highest value in the of the con
troversy, and consequently the "removal of such a
monument by an official Canadian survey party would
be a very serious offense ' indeed. .
RICHARDSON of the army and
I Lieutenant Emmons of the navy have been
appointed by President Roosevelt as a com
mission to investigate the report that a monument
erected by Russia to mark, her boundary line in
Alaska has been arbitrarily removed by an' official
surveying expedition of the Canadian Government.
The story, which was published in The Call some
time ago, has been regarded in Washington as suffi
ciently well authenticated- and serious to merit im
mediate attention, and it is believed it will lead to
negotiations for the final settlement of the boun
dary controversy. '%<$*.$¦
THE ALASKAN BOUNDARY.
Since his return home Prince Henry has said:
"Nowhere else in the world are crowds so well be
haved as in America, and they themselves are their
own controllers." The saying is complimentary, but
perhaps a German crowd would be just as well be
haved if the Kaiser would call off the army and leave
it a chance to control itself.
H.D. Hatch, a merchant of Novato, Is
at the Lick. .
J. "VV. Hughes' of Sacramento Is a guest
at the Palace.
Dr. B. s B. Cory of Fresno is among the
arrivals at the Grand. . \
J. C. Blake, a resident of Stockton, , is
among .the arrivals at the Lick. r'
Dr. Merritt Hitt, a medieal practitioner
of Los Angeles, Is at the Palace.
Senator T. ' H. Selvage of Eureka is
among the arrivals at the Grand.
Alfred, Horn, a rich planter of Guate
mala, is a guest at the Occidental.
E. C Smith, a* real estate dealer and
capitalist of Pacific I Grove, is - registered
at the/Grand. ., .• -^ . ;
Graham E.. Babcock, son of E. S. Bab- :
cock, manager of Coronado, is registered
at the Palace. ; !.V/ ~ . ;' ! ;
TV. P. Hammon, a mining man, is down
f rom ' Oroville and 1 has made his head
quarters at the Palace. , ¦ •
Peter ' Musto, \ who < conducts a general,
merchandise store at Stockton, is down,
here on a short ; business trip • and ha3
made his headquarters at the Grand. .¦'-_-
J. E. Stubbs, president of the University
of Nevada, Is at the Palace^ accompanied
by his son. He- is ;here on a short visit
to his • brother, .Traffic Director j JV C.
Stubbs of the Harriman .'roads.
This is a great work, begun with a race recently
unshackled and continued as a means of leading them
further from the memories of the house of bondage.
When endowments are being donated to institu
tions of learning a very high purpose will be served
by remembering the needs and the work of Howard
University, in the capital, where its students have
whatever inspiration there is in contact with the ad
ministration of the Government.
Older than Tuskegee is Howard . University, in
Washington, founded thirty-five years ago as a negro
university, which special character it has always main
tained. It has now enrolled a thousand students.
Its trustees and teachers are all negroes. -From its
professional schools have graduated half the negro
lawyers and a third of the negro doctors now suc
cessfully practicing their professions in this' country.
Seven hundred doctors, now not only practicing
medicine but instructing negroes in sanitary living
and the physical laws of life, are Howard graduates.
It has graduated also three hundred preachers,
three hundred lawyers, four hundred teachers and
four hundred men and women of full academic
training.
Worked out, it means the progress of the negro in
orderly life, industry, morality and all that goes into
the good order of the community. It puts him more
tipon his own responsibility, fosters in him that initia
tive which is at once the cause and the effect of suc
cess, and makes him an increasing contributor to the
commonwealth. For all these reasons it is the duty
ut the whites to themselves to actively encourage
every effort to educate the negro. Booker Washing
ton has made a grand start in promoting his indus
trial education. His institution at Tuskegee 5 is at
tracting the attention of the world. An eminent
California thinker, Major Weinstock, recently made
pilgrimage to it and addressed its students, declaring
it to be one of the most interesting movements now
going on in the world in behalf of a* race.
communities, one white, one black, each color will
have its own teachers and finally its own merchants
and m.nufacturers, bankers, business men and law
yers. We can see no other result to follow the
recessary social isolation of the race, nor can we see
a result that could be more useful and satisfactory to
both -aces. -
The American negroes now number in excess of
twelve millions, a majority of them being in the for
mer slave States. As there are no indications that
they can attain or that they generally seek what is
called social equality, it is evident that their physical
and spiritual wants, those needs that require the re
sponse of the doctor and the minister, must come to
be supplied by people of their own race. Not only
this, tut in the process of building up two separate
This is commendable and well, but it should not
make us lose sight of our obligation' to do something
for a race, originally in the midst of us against its
will, long held in bondage and liberated under con
ditions not favorable to its best advancement
Viewed from any standpoint it is evident that we are
to have the negro permanently with us. Indeed, the
race is not inclined to leave us. It has been so long
in association with us that no inducement seems ca
pable of luring it away. .
WE have about seven hundred school teach
ers in the Philippines engaged with varying
success in educating a people upon
whose original culture, whatever it was, had been
built an imperfect structure of Spanish education.
NEGRO EDUCATION.
The canton, in resplendent uniforms,
formed three .sides of a hollow - square,
while the general and his staff formed the
fourth side. After this formation thei
canton was formed in column of two and
stood at attention, when a chevalier es
corting the candidates for honor appeared,
but was halted by a sentinel, who ques
tioned them. He was Informed that the
ladies under his charge were members of
PERSONAL MENTION.
NEARLY a thousand spectators as- i
sembled in Odd .Fellows' Hall last
night to witness the conferring of
the decoration of chivalry on three
past noble grands of Amity Re
bekah Lodge of the Independent Order of
Odd Fellows. The ladles are Laura L*rw
rie, Lela Ziegler and Lizzie Braley. This
degree is the crowning one in Odd Fel
lowship, as it is for valuable services ren
dered th« order.
; The very "beautiful and impressive cere
mony was conducted by Department Com
mander General H. O. Brower of the
Patriarchs Militant and staff, assisted by
the* following named: Edna Griffiths,
Emma M. Archer, Emma Ramm, Nettie
Holtz, as ladies of honor: Flora Ziegler,
a j pretty flaxen-haired miss, as maid of
honor, -and Canton San Francisco, Cap
tain VC.?*H. Kornbeck. : The ladies who
-wfirfr decora ted were attired In white. The
la"dles'6f honor were "attired also in white,
but one wore;' a purple bow with long
streamers, another one of cardinal, the
third one of white and cardinal and the
fourth one of. pink and nile green.' The
little maid was attired also In white.
FRIDAY ; APRIL 11, 1902
~ JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Adnzt in CcBsmicfttlens to W. 8. 1EAKE, If auger/ -
-M AVAGEU'S OFFICE. ...... .Telephone Prein 2O4
rCDLICATION OFFICE. . .Market and Third. S. V.
EDITORIAL ROOMS. ....217 to 221 Stevens oil St.
TELEPHONE.
Ask for THE CALL. The Operator "Will Connect
You With the Department You Wish.
Delivered lrr Carrier*. IB Oint* Per Weelc. .
Sinjrlc Copies. S Cciktm.
Term* by- Mail. . Including: Postnsret
DArLYCALL /Including: Sunday). on« year |«.00
DATLT CALL (including Sunday). 8 months.. 8.00
DAtLY CALL (including Sunday). 3 months....... 1.80
DAILY CALL— By Elnele Month 65e
CUNDAY CALL. One Year 1.60
WEEKLY CALL. One Year 1.00
AH poitmaiten are authorized to receive
subscription*.
Cample copies will be forwarded when requested.
Mall subscriber* In ordering; change of address should be
particular ,4o r«ve both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to lcrere a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
O AICL AXD OFFICE . . ........ 1118 Broadway
C. GEOnGE KROCSESS.
Kttagtr Tertlga Advertising. Kirqteits Bcildlatj, Chletji. '¦"
(Long Distance Telephone "Central 2619.")
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C CARLTOX « . . . , . . Herald Square
JCEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 3O Trlbnne Building
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman Bouse: P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel:
Fremcot House; Auditorium Hotel.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf- Astoria Hotel; A.: Brentano, SI Union Square;
Murray Hill Hotel.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery, corner of Clay. or>rn
ontU 9:30 o'clock. SOO Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. <VE!
McAllister, open until 9:80 o'clock. CIS Larkln. open until
6:30 o'clock. 1941 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2281
Market, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1096 Va
lencia, open until 9 o'clock.' 106 Eleventh, open until 9
o'clock. NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open
until » o'clock. 2200 Fillm'ore. open until 9 p. m.
V The'success of the Cabinet has been the more re
markable^because;.it .has beenf.;depehdent from the
'^a^iipotrradrcaP*and "socialist^votes^in the Cham|
h ber of Deputies". V' It enjoyed, however, the good for
tune of entering office at a time when France was
weary of the Dreyfus case, and when, accordingly,
that old cause of strife could be dismissed without
further ado. The Ministers were prompt to see the
opportunity and to profit by it. By, a general
amnesty act, which was as politic as it was illogical,
they set at rest all side issues arising from the famous
case and turned the attention of France to matters in
which there could be harmony and progress. The
universal exposition helped them . immensely, and
now they have the further good luck of entering upon
a general election at a time when the people are pros
perous and undisturbed by anything calculated to
make them vote against the Government through
sheer discontent and desire for change.
While prospects are thus promising for the Min
istry, the o$p*osition parties are. riot without their
prophets of victory. The Nationalists in particular
have entered upon a spirited campaign, and one of
their leaders, Jules Lemaitre, is reported to have
stated that he expects his. party, with such allies as
it can count on from other parties in the: Chamber,
to have a majority of eighty. The leading issue made
by the Nationalists is a revision, of the constitution
so as to provide, among other things, for the election
of the President of the republic by direct vote of the
people. That does not sound like a good programme
at a time when the people are seemingly well satis
fied with both the President and the constitution, and
the fact that it is put forward may be' taken as an
evidence that the opposition is without '& good issue
to fight upon. It; looks, therefore, as if; Waideck-
Rousseau were going to win easily.; ..
The Ministerialists express themselves sanguine of
success. Nearly every member of the Cabinet seems
well nigh certain of re-election, and it is reported"
that even-the-.leaders of the opposition concede that
only Baudin, Minister of Public Works; Leygues,
Minister of Public Instruction, and De Lanassan,
Minister' of; Marine, are in danger of. defeat. In fact,'
Waldeck-Rousseau appears to be playing in his usual
good luck. When he undertook to form a Cabinet
it .was predicted that his fall would follow within six
months, but he survived that period, and it was then
said he Vas tolerated only because the Deputies did
cot wish to have a parliamentary crisis during the
universal exposition. But that^ great undertaking
carrie arid went, leaving the Cabinet secure. Thus,
instead of being! turned. out. of office within six
.months, Waideck-Rousseau has maintained his^Min
istry for upward of three years, a Ministerial feat un
paralleled irf flies history of the republic.
Such a multitude of aspirants gave promise. of a
red-hot campaign, but up to this time there have been
no sensational developments.- That in itself augurs
well for the Ministry," for if- the people were-discon
tented and were likely to return a. majority adverse
to the present administration it is not probable they
would carry* on the campaign without some demon-,
stration of violence, or at least with something of
excitement and tumult.": : -
\T UDGING from the absence of any} reports' of
I excitement, the political campaign in 'France ap
. pears ,io begoing forward: with an unusual de
gree of moderation and calmness. " It has been an
nounced that on the first day for. the declarations of
candidates at' the various prefectures nb^less : than
179 candidates appeared for the forty-six seats; rep
resenting Paris and the; department of : the Seine,
while in the nation there came forward on that first
day upward of 1006 men eager to. serve the people
in the halls of legislation." .. •"-,-,'¦
THE I CAMPAIGN IN; PRANCE.
A; few- days ago Wu Ting Fang nearly fell out of
the;Senate gallery in his-excited listening to the de
bate on the Chinese exclusion act. He would have
been wise had he accepted i his' own counsel given in
his quarrel ; with ex-Mayor Pnelan ¦ and have gone
way back and sat down. ' " ¦ : .
means the worst that can be. Should he be re-elected
and his constitutional amendment be carried, the
State as a whole would be the prey of the corpora^,
tions and their horde of hungry tax-eaters.
. Gage's record in office has been one of marked sub
servience to the men who do politics for private , gain.
He has degraded the Normal Schools and the char
itable institutions of the State to the level of politi
cal spoils for the purpose of rewarding the henchmen
of Billy Herrin, Kelly, Crimmins, Lynch and Burke.
That record in itself has disgusted thousands of loyal
Republicans, as is attested by the emphatic protest
made by the Republican press of the State against
his renomination; but, bad as it is, it is by no
It will be seen that the commission is to take over
the whole authority now vested in counties, cities and
towns in such matters. It is virtually a proposition,
to the people of California to give up local self-gov
ernment over many of the most important matters ;
that affect a people and surrender all authority and;
power to a board of five men to be appointed by
Gage, one of those men to hold office for two years"
another for four j'earsj the third for six years, the :
fourth for eight years and the fifth for ten years.
The clause of the amendment defining. the powers
given to the commission is sweeping in its terms.
After declaring that the Commissioners are to have
supervision over telegraph, telephone, water, light,
power, transportation, sleeping car, express compa
nies and "other c6rporations," which phrase brings
banking and insurance companies under the control
of the commission, the amendment goes on to de
clare: "And from and after said appointment the
State commission shall in every respect, so far as re
lates to all and every the said rates and charges,
hereinbefore mentioned, and all and every the
matter of things, howsoever connected with perform
ing said service and furnishing and supplying such
commodities, be the successor under the constitu
tion and laws of the State of Boards of Supervisors
and City and County and. City and Town Councils
and other governing body or bodies of the several
counties, cities and counties, cities and towns of the
State."
It is to be borne in mind that the commission pro
posed by the amendment is not to be confined in its
powers to the supervision of railroads, express com
panies and other corporations doing business in all
parts of the State, but has authority also to regulate
rates for water, light, power and telephone compa
nies, which are strictly local in their nature and
operation. Let this amendment be adopted and all
home rule so far as the supervision of public utilities
is concerned will be'abolished. The Gage boardwill
dominate the people, and the corporations will domi
nate the board.
Such being the tactics of the bosses, it is the duty
of every newspaper in California to keep'the.amend
ment in the minds of the people and to point out its ;
evils. • Every voter should be made aware of the full
significance of the scheme. There is' no other State
issue more important. Should this amendment be
carried Gage will name a commission which will give
every corporation controlling public utilities in the,
State virtual immunity from law. They will be able"
to. impose such rates as they choose, and make such
regulations as they choose, and the people will, have "
no recourse except that of an appeal to the commis^
sion appointed at the dictate of the corporations.
What chance will there be to obtain justice: under
such conditions?
A SSEMBLY constitutional amendment No. 28
/\ " is never publicly even so much as alluded, to
¦*_'¦*• by the allied 'bosses who under the lead of
Billy Herrin are making the fight for the renomina
tion of Gage. To. expect them to discuss it would be
to expect" honesty of them.. They do not hunt ducks
with a brass band, these astute schemers, and even
their yellow organ in the Democratic camp, which
screams over every other subject, is discreetly silent
about this. The plans that are being laid for the
coming campaign include no 'open defense of the
amendment. The scheme is to let the issue drop
from public notice and then make a fight for. -it: on
election day, trusting that the people will be indif
ferent to it and will not take the trouble to vote
against it •
MAKING A: STILL HUNT.
H IGH HONORS IN O DD FELLO WSH I P
FOR REBEKAHS OF AMITY LODGE
the disputed line,: and it is just as . well to- have; an;
American commission to watch and investigate what
the Canadian surveyors are doing. ; *.v,<;
While the modus Vivendi agreed to by the American
members of the jWint, High' Commission is much bet
ter than a war would have been, it has proven in
some respects unfortunate. ; While denying ; the
Canadian claim to a tidewater outlet from the Klon
dike, it permits the establishment of a British cus
tom-house at Skagway, and thus virtually concedes
at least a temporary port. That provision, instead of
putting an end to local friction in the disputed ter
ritory, has, if anything; rendered it more acute.
The Canadians have been. permitted to come so far
into American territory and to enjoy such trade privi
leges there as to make them keener than ever in
advancing. their pretensions. The controversy ought
to-be brought to a definite conclusion,, and there will
be general satisfaction throughout the .;" country in
the 'report that the President intends t& deal with it
firmly and promptly. ' ,, ¦'','/}.
THE SAN FKAXCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 11, 1902
6
. Monday, April 14, at 10 o'clock. Horses, Buggies, etc., at
1C19 Market street. .
AUCTION SALES.
AMUSEMENTS.
Orpheum — Vaudeville. .
Grand Opera-house— "Glsroonda."
Fischer's Theater— "Fiddle Dee Dee."
California — "Sons of Ham."
Tlvoll— "The Fortune Teller."
Central— "The Land of the Living."
Alcazar — "Madame Butterfly" and "The Great Unknown."
Columbia — "The Cardinal."
Maple Koom. Patece Hotel — Manila War PalnUnca,
Recreation Park"— Baseball to-day.
Metropolitan Hall — Piano Recital next Tuesday evening.
frherman-Clay Hall — Piano Recital Saturday nlsht-
Oakland Racetrack — Races to-day.
NPYT ' MEMORY TEST f
11LA 1 FOR A PRIZE >
t^Hl^T SECOND INSTALLMENT.
1 I I « ¦¦ ' Forty Pupils From the Public Schools Are {
\ I h I I i - * lit tO 3 1 CSt#
DAY DO Y °v W ANT
TO IJVUGH?
I All See and Heiiiy- in Their Latest j
~~ ' This page has attracted more attention ' I
than any other comic page published in •
APRIL THIRTEENTH San Francisco; ; : , \
MOST DARING HORSE- THE BUILDING OF A I
; V03VIAN INTHE PARK;: SUEMARINE BOAT.
JULIET CROSBY ; IN ; THE MOST STUNNING
MME. BUTTERFLY; PARISIAN GOWNS IN - !
As Viewed by a Japanese .Woman, SAN FRANCISCO. •
tUa^t^™ PUBLI SHES MORE WESTERN STORIES I
THAN ALL OTHER SAN FRANCISCO PAPERS COMBINED. x v -
- ~ ; r~ : ~His second contention was that the re
moval of a person with a fixed term of of
fice' before the expiration of that term
was Illegal, as he could not be removed
without notice, nor without cause. Such
a proceeding, he claimed, was penal in
character and involved a great constitu
tional question. He said the question at
issue was whether the f ramers of the
charter had the right to delegate the
power to try public officers, or whether It
came within the province of the courts.
Gavin McNab concluded the argument
for the old Board of Health. He claimed
that the Mayor, to whom he frequently
referred as "his Majesty the Mayor," had
constituted himself witness, judge, Jury
and executioner. Mayor Schmitz entered
the courtroom a few minutes after Mc-
Nab had completed his argument.
Attorney Ruef concluded the argument
by a review of the authorities quoted by
his opponents, holding that not one case
cited was analogous to the case at bar.
He claimed the right to hold office was
not inherent nor inalienable: that It was
also intangible, as the governing power
had the right to cut the tenure of office
short at any time.
After several interruptions by McEn
erney and McNab, Ruef read a statement
published before the new charter was
adopted, in which McBnerney declared
that among ten reasons why the new
charter should not be adopted was the
autocratic power - given the Mayor, in
which he was free to remove all appoint
tive officers.
The case was then submitted. Judge
Sloss announcing that he would render his
decision at as early a date as possible.
Attorney • Garret McEneraey resumed
his argument on the two propositions sub
mitted yesterday, citing new authorities
for the contention of the old Board of
Health that the injunction should remain.
He submitted two of the propositions
which he argued until the noon hour.
One was the question of right of posses
sion, holding that as the^ old Beard of
Health had been .deposed illegally, the
members still comprised a de facto board
and were entitled to the- enjoyment of all
the privileges of office.
After another day of argument, Attor
ney Ruef submitted to Judge Sloss late
yesterday afternoon a petition' and mo
tion to dissolve the injunction now pend
ing, which restrains the Board of Health,
recently appointed" by Mayor Schmitz,
from assuming the duties of office.
Right of Mayor to Remove
Under Charter Main Point
at Issue.
iDjunction Suit of Board
of Health Is Now
I Submitted.
AWAIT DECISION
OF JUDGE SLOSS
A protest signed by many property,
owners and residents was filed . yesterday
with the Board of Supervisors against
the purchase of the block of land in VIs
ltaclon Valley for a pesthouse site. . The
protest states that the public school
would be a short : distance east: of the
proposed site; that the pesthouse would
be In the path of prevailing winds; that
there is no sewer in the vicinity, and it
would cost an immense sum to build one
to the bay. and the water supply from
wells would be contaminated.;^ f >- ,,-
Object to Pesthouse.
The girl Is at present confined In the
Presbyterian Chinese Home Mission by
order of the Commissioner of Immigra
tion at Washington.. The local immigra
tion authorities a few days ago gave
Bassett permission to interview Miss Mo
rales at the home In the presence of In
spector De la Torre. Bassett pleaded
with the girl to marry, him, but she re
fused.
Agostina Morales, the 16-year-old Guat
emalan girl who was brought to this
country a few months ago by Summer
field Bassett. will be sent on the next
steamer home to her mother, who sold
her -to Bassett for $100 and a silk dress,
if his story is to be believed.
Some to Her Mother in
Guatemala. -.Ve ¦
Pretty Guatemalan Girl Will Be Sent
ENGINEER BASSETT
LOSES HIS AGOSTINA
Opium . Smugglers- in Court.
John Gavin and Joseph Kirk, opium
smugglers, were brought before United
States Court Commissioner Heacock yes
terday, and their bail was fixed at $5000
each. They will appear for examination
at 9 o'clock this morning.
Issues License for New Bank.
The State • Board of Bank Commission
ers issued a license yesterday for the es
tablishment ? of the Farmers' and Mer-
chants* Bank of Colusa, at Colusa, . Co
lusa County. The new institution has an
authorized, capital of $100,000, which is
fully subscribed. The bank will open for
business on April 15. J. D. Brown "has
been chosen president and J. B. de Jar
natt secretary, treasurer and cashier.'
James McNamara, a laborer living on
Rausch street, was convicted by Judge
Fritz yesterday' of the charge . of beating
his wife. Nora, last Tuesday. She was
in court, and. though she said she wanted
him heavily punished when she swore to
the-jcomplaint, she told the Judge to give
him only ten days. The Judge doubled
her request and gave him twenty days.
Wifebeater Gets Light Sentence.
Wants All Night Service.
The West of Castro Street Improvement
Club petitioned the Board of Supervisors
yesterday to exact an agreement from
the three street railroad companies who
have petitioned for franchises to give a
continuous service during the I day ¦ and
night. '
. ALLEGES • MALICIOUSNESS.— William • B.
Peel, proprietor of a liquor store at 525 Valen
cia street, brought *iuit against M. Rosenberg
for 'J5000 damages yesterday. He alleges that
Rosenberg , maliciously, caused a I writ of at
tachment to be served on him on March 6.
The United States Commissioner of Im
migration has ordered that Koto Aoki be
deported on the ground that she was Im
ported for Immoral purposes. Koto came
to this port with a young Japanese man,
who represented himself to be her hus-'
band. . . •¦ : ' • -
He presented two passports, one, for
himself and the other for his wife, but'
it was found on inspection of the woman's
passport that It had not been used at
the port of departure in Japan, and that
the woman whose name it bore had not'
left Japan at alL The local immigrant
authorities ascertained- that the woman
had been taken from Victoria, B. C, and
had traveled to this city on the passport
belonging to the wife of the Japanese
who had accompanied her hither. .
Immigrant Bureau and Ordered
Deported.
Is Stopped at the Threshold by the
JAPANESE WOMAN COMES
ON ANOTHER'S PASSPORT
Evelyn Mars has not the dramatic in
stinct. She sat through it all with her
face buried in her handkerchief/ When
she went on the witness stand it was ex
pected that she would say, "I yam in-no
cent!" or "kyind heaven, protect me!"
But she didn't, for. she felt her/disgrace
keenly and kept her head bowed in shame j
and grief. , - s
Miss Marshall, leading lady at the Cen
tral Theater, was th,e* first witness called.
She reluctantly told of the, burglary of
her flat. The stolen sealskin coat, silk
waists and other property were spread
out before her and she Identified them
and burst Into tears at thought of the
Reynolds worked on the case two weeks
and on the stand yesterday he said "Kar
ny street," and "Sooter street" and
"goil," just like the rest of actor folk.
"Johnny" Greeley of the District Attor
ney's office was the villain in the play, at
least in the eyes of the actresses. He
was prosecutor and the girls blamed it all
on him. "Contemptible," "horrid,"
"mean," were some of the things they
thought about him, ami said, too, in un
dertones.
Effect of the Atmosphere.
stand," sobbed Agnes Ranken, and
Georgie Cooper said vehemently, "I just
won't testify — they said I wouldn't have
to," and she didn't.
Meanwhile the actor-det^ective, Harry
Reynolds, was playing the role of hero —
the oniy real . hero the performance de
veloped. Miss Annette Marshall, whose
flat was burglarized by the defendant,
had been taken into the Judge's chambers
to wait until the burglary case should be
called. She grew faint and asked for a
drink of water. Reynolds, in haste to res
cue beauty in distress, rushed into the
reporters' room. A dog that had been
locked up there did not rancy his dra
matic entry and bit a piece out of his calf
before he could escape.
A verdict of accidental death was ren
dered in the case of Reuben Wachman, a
Russian peddler, who was choked on
April 9 while eating dinner at the house
of a friend at 263 Shipley street. Autopsy
Surgeon Bacigalupi found a piece of bone
and meat as large as a walnut lodged in
the throat of the dead man.
In the case of G. P. Dewaal, a native of
South Africa, who died, in the French
Hospital April 5, the jury found that
d.eath "resulted from a fracture of the
base of the skull, accidental, and due en
tirely to. his own carelessness; death due
to falling and jumping from a car to
catch his hat, which had blown off."
Coroner Leland held three inquests yes
terday. In the case of J. J. McCaffery,
a switchman residing at 160 Golden
Gate avenue, and who died on April 5 in
the Central Emergency Hospital, the 3ury
returned a verdict that death resulted
"from ehock of accidental amputation of
legs by an engine of the belt railroad. on
East street. On account of Insufficiency
of evidence, we cannot decide where the
blame, if any, lies."
and Another Chokes While
Bolting Food.
One Man's Life Sacrificed for a Hat
Mrs. Mars said she had a son in the
country, to whom she would send her
daughter. " V ••
Judge Mogan read a lecture to the girl
and suspended judgment, and the leading
ladles hurried out of the courtroom with
flooded eyes and beaming faces? leaving
the bailiff rapping frantically for order
with a diminutive nammer. -
Mrs. Catherine Mars of 2617 Twenty-first
street, testified that the girl's liking for
dime novels had caused her to leave
home. " .
Miss Mars herself was put on the stand.
She sobbingly confessed that she had read
novels. and had wanted to run about in
stead of staying at.home. v ..
"What do you want to do now, if I let
you go?" the Judge asked. .
"I want to go away, to leave the city
and get work," the girl said. -
Detective Reynolds testified concerning"
the recovery of Miss Marshall's property
from Miss Mars' ¦ room. .
-"But/you are not accusing anybody of
it," the Judge interjected, and Hegarty's
conqueror 'said he was not '
"I'm a bookkeeper." ,
"Anything else?"
"I'm a fighter — a prizefighter."
"Haye you any other perfeshun?" Mr.
Greeley persisted.
"I have been an actor," Britt confessed.
He also admitted ¦ modestly that he had
been leading man at the Central Theater.
"Did you occasionally receive flowers?"
"Oh, I got a few bunches," was the
answer. . ¦
. Campbell took the witness.
"Did you ever receive bouquets with fe
male caj-ds attached?" he asked.
. Britt went down, He took the count
and carhe back grotgy and said he didn't
remember. When his head cleared a bit
he said he was pretty sure he had not.
"Still, some of those bouquets may have
been 'sent by. the defendant?" Campbell
insisted. {-', . <
• "Call James BrUt," said Johnny
Greeley, the" prosecutor.
The girls glared at . Britt as he passed
and one of them hissed, "You don't know
anything about this case." Jimmy, side
stepped and dropped Into the witness'
chair. , ' • •
"What Is your occupation?" Greeley
asked. .
\ . t ¦•* - ¦'.'., -¦"¦.¦ ¦¦-.
Bookkeeper, Fighter, Actor.
Oza Waldrop smiled when Campbell
asked her If Miss Mars had ever ex
pressed to her a desire to go on the stage.
"No, she never did," she answered.
"Was not her manner very unusual?"
"It was.- I never met any one like her
before and hope I never shall again.
. "Isn't it unusual for a woman to send
flowers to theatrical people?" a3ked
Campbell.
"You mean to actresses," said Judge
Mogan, and the witnesses' ¦ answer I was
lost in the laugh that followed. "I hate
them all," Georgie- Cooper whispered, "to
joke and laugh at such a time as this!"
Miss Marion Convere, leading lady at
the Alcazar, reluctantly added her testi
mony. She said it was not at all strange
for a girl to be in the actresses' dressing
rooms, but that now it was prohibited.
No Desire to Go on Stage.
Archie Campbell was the defendant's at
torney. He seemed to be affected with
stage fright. • ¦ :. ,' .
"The defendant went to your rooms
with your consent, did she not?" Camp
bell asked. " ' *
"I most certainly did not consent for.
her to take my key and go to my flat in
the night and rob me," was the reply. \
Elizabeth Plummer, Miss Marshall's
maid, told what she knew of the burglary.
Miss Agnes Ranken took the stand.
With eyes aswim, she told of receiving
many bouquets from Evelyn Mars and
asking her to send them no more. v
CORONER'S JURIES SIT
IN INTERESTING CASES
SOME OF THE WITNESSES, MOST OF THEM UNWILLING ONES, WHO WERE IN POLICE JUDGE MOGAN'S
COURT YESTERDAY AT THE PRELIMINARY EXAMINATION OF EVELYN MARS, CHARGED WITH BUR- A
GLARY. AS SEEN BY A CALL CARTOONIST.
"Oh, it's terrible, terrible," moaned pe
tite Oza Waldrop, and Marion Gonvere
echoed that it was awful.. "I am 'sure
I'll faint if I have to go on the witness
¦ ¦ •. ¦ , '- \
It Was one of the greatest matinees the
Hall of Justice has ever seen. When the
curtain went up . every, seat was taken
and the aisles were crowded. Many wo
m<p were present, and the stunning
blondes of stageland were present In
bevies, some to testify, some to listen and
all to weep. A delegation .from the Alca
zar, and another, from the Centralsat to
gether In orchestra seats provided for
them, and tried to feel sisterly' in their
common interest in poor Evelyn Mars,
who read dime novels, adored actresses
arid robbed one of them at least to pay
the florist's bills. They waited to take
their cues and shuddered at sight of the
morbid crowd.
"Go and be a good girl arid follow the
good path," said Judge Mogan;' "and this
will all be dropped. But\if you fall you
will be brought back here and tried on
this charge of burglary."
Margaret Belew is suing Arthur Belew
for divorce on the ground of failure to
provide. She asks the court to. grant her
the custody of their minor child and per
mission to resume her maiden name, Mar
garet Roland.
Martha J. Marshall has brought a suit
for divorce against Manuel G. Marshall,
alleging desertion. She alleges that he
deserted her in April, 1898, a little "more
than a year after their marrige. They
have one child.
LUy Fleming is suing David Fleming
for divorce for habitual intemperance and
failure to provide. She alleges that for
the last three years he has spent his
earnings for liquor and has failed to pro
vide for her. They were married at Oak
land in 1S93 and have one child.
Divorces were granted yesterday to
Anna Apel from Carl H. Apel for cruelty.
May Carroll from Howard Carroll for ne
glect and Charles W. Schepper from Liz
zie Sehepper for extreme cruelty.
He alleges that she. "nagged, picked
and annoyed" him to such an extent that
his health became impaired and he wai>
compelled to place himself under medical
treatment. Forneris Is a drug clerk and
resides at 623 Green street. The couple
were married two years ago.
Fred Beretta of 16 Francis street is
suing Mary Beretta for divorce on the
ground of cruelty. He alleges that his
wife has ."disordered his health and un
settled his mind" by hurling plates an?l
other crockery at him. He also alleges
that she drinks to excess. The couple
were married in May, 1890, and have four
children, the custody of which the hus
band asks for.
His Health. Is Impaired.
An answer and cross-complaint ' were
filed by Albert Forneris yesterday to the
suit for divorce brought by Malvinia For
neris some weeks ago. Mrs. Forneris ac
cused her husband of deserting her. Her
husband acknowledges that he left her,
but alleges that he was compelled to do
so because of the cruel ' and inhuman
manner in which his wife treated him.
He alleges in his cross-complaint that
Mrs. Fcrneris is addicted to the excessive
use of intoxicants, is insanely jealous of
him and that she has frequently threat
ened his life.
As to the charge of buying liquors for
other women made by his wire, he alleges
that the only money he spent for such
entertainment was spent on his wife
when she visited him. during his sickness.
He alleges that he never received $3000 for
the sale of community property in Ari
zona, but admits having disposed of cer
tain mining stock and a lot in Arizona
for S75O, which sum, he alleges, he spent
on his wife and family. He alleges that
he spent $5000 for a home for v his.wife in
Tombstone and put the property In her
name. He alleges, further, that he has
frequently requested his wife to return to
Arizona with him and that she refuses to
do so. . -.- : ¦•
Bought Liquor for His Wife.
Allen R. English, the prominent Ari
zona lawyer who. is being sued for di
vorce by Honora Ada English, filed an
answer to his wife's suit yesterday. H«,
denies the truth - of her allegations aid
prays for a dismissal of the suit.
Mrs. English accused her husband of
deserting her a short time after their ar
rival in this city from Tombstone,. Ari
zona. She alleged tha\ he took apart-,
menus at the Occidental Hotel with an
other woman -and spent in riotous, living
the proceeds of the sale df their commu
nity -property in Tombstone. English, In
his answer, alleges that there is no truth
in the charge, and asserts that he was
compelled to •'leave his home at G55 E41is
street because his wife badgered him into
doing so. He was convalescing from an
attack of rheumatism when he went to
the Occidental and, he alleges, suffered i a
relapse because of the - exposure. He
avers further that he was cQnnned to his
rooms there for several weeks, under the
care of a trained nurse.
President Anderson and Secretaries
Felton Taylor and J. Steppacher leave
the city for San Jose to-day. General'
headquarters will be at the St. James
Hotel. The Union League Club has re
served room for headquarters at this
hotel. The Republican Primary League's
(special train will leave San Francisco to
arrive In San Jose Monday at 11 o'clock
a. m.
Among well-known Republicans In the
city yesterday were L H. Valentine.
T,zxi*.ed States Attornev for the Southern
•JJistzict of California, and E. A.Meserve
of Lcs Angeles, Senator Belshaw of Con
tra Costa, Senator Selvage of Humboldt
John L. Childs of the Crescent City
News and Dr. McGraw of San Jose.
J. F. Coonan, chairman of the Demo
cratic County Committee of Humboldt.
Is in town.
Candidates for gubernatorial honor
may be seen and heard. It is expected
that E. F. Preston. Thomas Flint, Dr.
George C. Pardee, E. B. Edson. William
M. Cutter and Governor Gage will attend
the convention. General Shatter may
decide to go down to the Garden City
and look over the fence at the bunch. It
teems to be settled that the convention
will indorse the Republican party's ad
ministration of national and State af
fairs.
Candidates for Governor.
The outline of the general programme
accepted yesterday is this: The conven
tion will be called to order at 11 o'clock
a. m. Monday. The Mayor of San Jose,
or a representative speaking for him,
will welcome the visitors to the Garden
City. Alden Anderson, president .of the
league, will t respond to the municipal
greeting. After the appointment of a
committee on credentials a recess will be
announced. At 2 o'clock in the afternoon
ihe delegates will reassemble at the
Auditorium to consider the credential
committee's report. Then the committtee
on resolutions will be appointed. It Is
assumed that this committee will not be
ready to report until Tuesday, hence the
remainder cf the . afternoon may be
given over to Impromptu speech-making.
By this time the atmosphere of the
convention will be heavily charged with
eloquence, and flashes -of rhetoric, fol
lowed by tremendous thunders of ap
plause, may be incidents of the outburst.
Every Congressional district of Califor
nia will be expected to send forth its
most telling speaker to electrify the del
egates. After the Impromptu oratory
the delegates will take a recess for din
ner. At the evening session the "Big
Four" will be introduced. This quartet
of orators consists of Samuel M. Short
ridge and Duncan McKinley of San Fran
cisco, Frank H. Short of Fresno and
Judge Burnett of Santa Rosa. Half an
hour's time will be allotted to each of
the four orators.
The General Programme.
There was a meeting of the commltttee
of arrangements at the Palace Hotel yes
lerday afternoon. Alden Anderson, pres
ident of the league,' ' Senator. iLuken*.
William A. Sims, Henry C. Dibble, Dr.
McGraw, Felton Taylor and .J. Step
pacher were present. It was reported
that the names of 1972 delegates had been
enrolled up to Wednesday evening last.
The subsequent enrollment will bring a
total up to 3000.
The reduced rate for tickets to San
Jose on the occasion of the Republican
JLeague convention Is one fare for the
round trip. The purchaser Is not required
to present a certificate of election or go
through any red-tape formality to gain
ihe grace of the reduction. Onlookers as
well as delegates can ride to San .lose
and return for a single fare.
Forneris Says , His Wife's
Treatment Shattered His
Health;
Committee of Arrangements
Adopts Programme of *
Exercises.
AN Al quality of mercy, not strain
ed, of the sort that falleth as a
gentle dew from, heaven," and in
truth floating In a mist of tears
from the -heavenly eyes of fair
leading' ladles, tempered Justice in Police
Judge Mogan's. court yesterday. Miss
Evelyn Marsi the "flower girl," had her
preliminary examination on the charge of
burglary, and was not hela to answer. She
was put on probation and '-If she eschews
dime novels, bouquets for actresses and
burglary, the charge against her will be
dismissed. . . ;•¦"
punishment that might be meted out to
the girt defendant In spite of her pity.
Miss Marshall beat her foot -nervously on
the floor and bit her lip in distress.*:.
"You do not wish the girl prosecuted?"
asked the Judge. ¦ . • ,
Miss Marshall could only, shake her
head in way of emphatic no.
"I am inclined Uo think she, was' not
gruilty of criminal intention," Miss Mar
shall* said later. "I would trust her. It
is her. first offense. I understand. She is
only a young girl and if she does wrong
apain it will be time enough then to pun
ish her." ' • . . . .
Very Large Enrollment
of Delegates Is
Reported.
Arizona Lawyer Declares
He Does Not Live
Riotously.
" Flower Girl " Is Not Held to Answer to Charge of Burglary of
Miss Annette Marshall's Flat, But Is Put on Probation by Police
Judged Mogan—' 'Jimmy' 'Britt a Star Witness in the Case
ENGLISH DENIES
WIFE'S CHARGES
GETTING READY
FOR CONVENTION
TEARS OF ACTRESSES TIP SCALES
OF JUSTICE IN EVELYN MARS' FAVOR
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL II, 1902.
7
—PACKED AGAIN LAST NIGHT-
MATINEES TO-MORROW AND SUNDAY.
Last Three Nights of Our S1000 Star.
MELBOURNE MAGDOWELL,
•Supported by FLORENCE STONE.
In Sardou's Most Powerful Play, ..i* *?,,'.'
"QISMONDA."
POPULAR PRICES— 10c. 13c. 25c. 60c. 75c
Good Orchestra Seats All Matlneea 25c.
NEXT WEEK ..."FEDORA"
LOOK AT THE NAMES!
Marie Wainwright and Company;
The Clipper Quartet, and James H.
Cullen. Last times of Homer Lind
and Company; fcred Stuber; Pa-
pinta; Gorman and Keppler, and
Mr. and Mrs. Drew, in "The Yel-
low Dragtm."
Reserved Seats. 25c; Balcony. 10c; Op<~<
Chairs and Box Seats. 50c. > '
Evenings at 8 Sharp. Matinee Saturday at %
-'-;';", . Sharp. ,
Creating a Tremendous Furore !
ALICE NEILSEN*S SPLENDID OPERA* \
THE FORTUNE
TELLER. If
NEVER BEFORE HERE AT
FOPOT^AR PRICES... 25c. 80c and 7S«
Telephone Bush 9.
COLUMBIA SB
Powell Street, near Market.
To-Nlght and Saturday Night.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
A New Play by Louis N. Parker. Entitled,
"THE CARDINAL"
Next "Week— 6 Nights— Mat. Sat.
MR. E. S. "WILLARD In
"THE PROFESSOR'S LOVE STORY"
By J. M. Barris, author ef "The Little Hisiitar."
Beats Ready $2. $1.50. $1. 75c. 50c and 23q
"ON THE TOP "WAVE OF POPULARITY.**
ALL THIS AND NEXT WEEK.
ALL THIS AND NEXT WEEK.
— SPECIAL MATINEE t MAT.
— THURSDAY. f— SAT.
— POPULAR PRICES. I— AT 2.
Hurtle and Seamon Present
Williams & Walker
And Their Own Company In the Musical Hit.
soiss of *-mm.
NEXT— MONDAY. April 21.
MR. JAMES NEILL and THE- NEILL CO.
Regrular subscribers' seats now ready.
Single seat sale begins next Thursday. 9 a. m.
BElA&COAXDTHJUgSjfejfiVfr
TO-NIGHT AND SAT. AND SUNDAY EVGS.
MATINEES TO-MORROW AND SUNDAY.
A Sensational Melodrama of Wonderful
Romance and Thrilling Incident, TUB
LAND OF
THE LIVING.
Comedy. Pathos and Heart Interest.
ppifCC Evenings 10c to 50o
IJHvLO Matlneea 10c, 15c, 23o
Next Monday — The Biff Hit.
"DANGERS OF A GREAT' CITY."
Belasco & Thall. Managers.
TO-NIGHT AND SAT. AND SUNDAY EVGS.
MATINEES TO-MORROW AND SUNDAY.
EXTRAORDINARY DOUBLE BILL!
David Belasco's Famous Japanese' Tragedy,
MADAME BUTTERFLY
-'-¦¦¦>
Preceded by August in Daly's Superb Comedy,
THE 6REAT UNKNOWN.
Secure Your Seats in Advance. j
PRICES— 15c. 25c. 35c, 50c and 75c '
T
Next Week — Broadhurst's Funny Fare*. -••
"WHY SMITH LEFT HOME."
I FISCHER'S THEATER
O'Farrcll. bet. Stockton and Powell Streets.
¦ < - " Ttlephone Mala 231. '
Sailing Buoyantly | Flood of
Along the j Success!
"FIDDLE DEE DEE"
Tho mirthful and melodious burlesque and
the merry company. Including the greatest of
Weber & F'eU's Artists. And such a chorus,
and such delightful specialties, . and sucn
beautiful scenery and - costumes. If you
want to eee it all. come quick and ge>
seats cr stand ur and be happy. Matineef
Saturday and Sunday. Night prices 25c an»
60c. Matinees 23c; children at Matinees 10c
PALACE DOTEL_^ A ? N ° C P ORRIDOR .
THIS WEEK ONLY.
From 10 a. m. to Midnight. Dally.
First Time in America of the Great Manila
War Paintings by SANTOS GONZALE3,
the Eminent Philippine Artist.
•THE SURRENDER OF MANILA"
AND -
"SALUTING THE WOUNDED."
Pronounced Masterpieces by Connoisseur*.
ADMISSION. 50c. CHILDREN. 25c
FANNY 7FI<iI FR
PIANIST. !
4— RECITALS— *
METROPOLITAN HALL.
NEXT TUESDAY AND THURSDAY NIGHTS.
AFTERNOONS WEDNESDAY AND SATUR-
DAY. April 16 and 19.
Reserved Seats at Sherman, Clay - & Co.'s,
75c. $1. fl 50. $2. -
'¦¦- ¦ Stelnway Piano Used.
COOPER MEDICAL COLLEGE,
Corner Sacramento and Webster sta,
LANE LECTURES.
FRIDAY EVENING, April 11.
DR. J. O. HIRSCHFELDER,
. "THE FURNACES OF THE BODY."
ADMISSION FREE.
Weekly Call,$1.00 per Yea*
ADVERTISEBHaTTS.
makes a food that
is like mother's
milk.
Babies vortb looking at in our book,
"Mellin's Food Babies,** Free.
MellW* Food Co.. Boston. Man.
W Al J&i 'Mf J$f kl J\ ]3 j
f^ Knowledge, rj !
¦k-. experience and proper l^.^i
IV< ; equipment are the requi- rc*sl
HT'"1 Bites of the first-class op- f %> B
I! tician. We can stand the I 1
l*y ten. Try us and see. Our IW^I
l^jk establishment is entirely hf7|
IL HOCUE-KING LJ
IP 1 OPTICAL CO.. r^|
Lj 211 Post St., aboiJ Grant Aie,
¦ ,
DENTISTRY AT COST OF MATERIAL.
COLLEGE CLINIC FOR THE POOR-
Teeth extracted free and aJl operations by
s^aduate dentists of experience. Open Sundays
and evenings. Painless , Methods.
POST-GRADUATE DENTAL COLLEGE,
g Tayfor Et.. car. Golden Gate ave.
Do 1 1 ra desirable location,
1 dluvv unsurpassed cuisine,
unequaled ser-
ntiA vice and modern
UilU conveniences are -the,
/ attributes that have
fjm rt A made these two ho-
U Id 11 U tel« popular x with
tourists and travel-
HnfAfr *rs who visit San
llUlwlj Francisco.
CHsBigaatnrelB on erery box of the genuini
Laxative Bromo-Quinine Tabiett
*** t remedy that cure* a eoIU in ©no dajb
APVEBTISEMElTTa.
about pianos
If you wish a Piano,
by all means choose a
good one. Go to a firm
you can depend upon
and get an instrument
you know will serve you
well. Don't take a long
chance on a big invest-
ment. You know the
reputation of our con-
cern,! you know that we
would not sell an in-
strument we could not
fully recommend, you
know you are safe here,
and here is the place
for you to come.
We have just bought
up I all the pianos of
Howell & Salyer. of
Stockton, and these
pianos are well worth
seeing. You can save
from $50 to $110 on any-
one you may take a
fan cy to.
Better call or write for
particulars.
KohMCfcase
KNABEPJANO5
2& ©Tarrell $t
Wear Stockton 3t,«^g.F.
I AMUSEMENTS. •
' :^S^^'RAClNG
K^j^iS^agffiSr Every Week Day-
•wT . . Rain or Shine.
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
• "Races start at 2:15 p.m.'«harp. "~*>' ;
Ferry-boat leaves San Francisco at 12 m. and
12:30, 1, l:.3O, 2, 2:30 and 3 p. m., connecting
with trains stopping at the entrance to the
track. Last two cars on train reserved for
ladles and their escorts; no smoking;. Buy your
ferry tickets to Shell Mound.' All ¦ trains via
Oakland mole connect with. San Pablo avenue
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway, Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alameda mole con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
and Broadway, Oakland. These 1 electric cars
go direct to the track In fifteen minutes.
Returning— Trains . leave the : track at 4:15
and- 4:45 p. m. and immediately after the last
raCe THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President
CHARLES F. PRICE. Secy, and Mgr. ;
V "CALIFORNIA LEAGUE GAMES.
THURSDAY, : ; FRIDAY AND SATURDAY,
3:15 P. M.
SUNDAY, 2:30 P. M.
SACRAMENTO;iFSAM FRANCISCO.
RECREATION PARK,
Eighth and Harrison sts. .
. Advance Sale of 1 Seats. 5 Stockton St.
THE HEINRICHS'
LAST RECITAL. :
TO-MORROW AFTERNOON.
METROPOLITAN HALL. .
Seats 60c and 75c, at Sherman. Clay & Co.'s.
ENTIRELY NEW PROGRAMME.
I A PL O Y A L Si M O KJE IVIENNA, April 10.— John Whitehead,
head of the Whitehead torpedo factory
at Fiume, Hungary, is dead.
Jonn Wbitehead.
BOSTON, April 10.— Detectives, assisted
by a Boston Inspector, have captured
Philip A. Troutfetter, alias A. P. Taylor,
on a warrant charging him with being a
fugitive from Justice in Colorado Springs,
but the police say that the man is also
wanted in connection with the cases of
Fugitive Prom Justice Is Caught.
. TACOMA, April 10.— Miss Minerva Mor
rison, 70 years of age, committed suicide
this morning by hanging herself to a bed
post with a handkerchief while- the family
was at breakfast. She ' had been • an in
valid for several years and lived with her
-son-in-law, Knapp Moore, :. at , Midland,
nine miles from Tacoma. ¦',- -.:¦¦ .
Aged Woman Commits Suicide.
; SAUSALITO, April - 10.— The Schultz
residence I on Bulkley avenue has been
shorn of its historic cupola and the build
ing will be removed. The old cottage was
built twenty years ago— when Schultz was
the leader of. the old California Theater
Such noted actors as McCullough, Bar
rett, Edwarda and - others . were accus
tomed to spend their Sundays at the
house while filling . engagements in San
Francisco. T - > ¦ - '
Famous House to Be Removed.
IMPERIAL, Cal.. April 10.— W. F. Holt,
president of the Imperial and Gulf Rail
road, has been in the valley for some days
and has let a contract for grading the
projected railroad from Old Beach, on the
Southern Pacific line, to Imperial, a dis
tance of thirty miles, to George A. Car
ter & Co. of Pomona. This company has
100 mules in Imperial which have been at
work on the irrigation system, and they
will begin work on the railroad to-day. It
is hoped to have trains running into Im
perial next fall. ¦ ¦/ . •
Trains Will Bun to Imperial.
BAKERSFIELD, April 10.— The Trus
tees of Kern City have called an election
for. May 26 to determine '¦ whether the
boundaries of the city shall be extended; to
include the Bernard Addition. This sec
tion is only a short distance removed
from the center of Kern, but for some
reason ! in. defining the boundaries of the
town , it was omitted. It has since been
built up compactly end many of the most
handsome residences are in this addition.
Kern City May Be Enlarged.
Neely and Rathbone in the Cuban postal
frauds charges. He is said to be under
the charge of the larceny of $100 from
Emeline Baker of Colorado Springs in
April, 1898. It is said he received the
money for purposes of Investment and de
voted it tp^hls personal use.
M. de Witte is reported to have said that
he would not permit Americans to trade
in -Russia unless they showed a disposi
tion to loan jnoney or invest funds in
Russia, since Russia has nothing to ex
port to the United States.
by persons In the confidence of M. de
Witte, theFinance Minister, that the de
lay of Russia In withdrawing the retalia
tory duties is due to a determination, not
to readmit American steel and iron on
equal terms with similar European prod
ucts without a substantial . quid pro quo.
CHICAGO, April 10.— The total valua
tion of the late Philip D. Armour's es
tate in Chicago and New York has Just
been arrived at. It amounts to $14,751,103,
and to a large extent consists of personal
property. In addition to the above named
sum. there is some real estate in Illinois
and elsewhere, the value of which Is not
frfven. Armour left practically all of his
estate to his widow, Malvlna. and his
son. J. Ogden Armour. Included in his
personal property are 63.C04 shares In the
Armour Company, 250 shares of Milwau
kee Elevated, 20 shares Continental Na
tional Bank, 100 shares Metropolitan Na
tional Bank, 100 shares National Trust
Company. 150 shares Illinois Trust and
Savings Bank, 250 shares Wisconsin Ma
rine Bank, 570 shares Interstate Bank,
Kansas City, and 405 snares Union Stock
Yards National Bank, South Omaha.
and a Large Amount of Per
sonal Property.
•ftfVWOTJB LEFT BTTLK
OF ESTATE TO' WIDOW
It Consists of Real Estate in Illinois
I coneecrate this place forever. Here he
thought, here he lived and died for the em
pire.
When the coffin was lowered into the
tomb chiseled In the solid rock, all those
present sang "Old Hundred" and_ "Now
the Laborer's Task Is Over." The re
mainder of. the funeral service was chant
ed and the band played the dead march
from "SauL" The tomb was covered with
close of the ceremony those pres
ent slowly inspected the spot where
Rhodes lies buried and threw flowers upon
the erave. Dr. Jameson. Colonel Francis
Rhodes and all the other mourners left
Buluwayo to-night on a special train.
BULUWATO. Matabeleland, April 10.—
Amid an Immense throng of soldiers,
civilians and natives . the body of Cecil
Rhodes was to-day committed to its rock
tomb in the Matoppo Hills. The coffin
was shrouded In a Union Jack and the
wreath sent by Queen Alexandra was laid
upon It as it was lowered into the grave.
The funeral party started from Fuller's
Hotel early this niornlng. The procession^
was five miles long as it wound through
the hills and gorges. Every sort of con
veyance was made use of. Some were on
foot others were on horseback or on
bicycles, while still others were in wagons
and carriages. _ ,„_
- When the procession was a. mile from
the grave everybody dismounted and con
cluded the journey on foot. Twelve oxen
hauled the coffin to the almost inaccessi
ble summit of the kopje, where the chiefs,
Shembll. Faku and Umgula and i 2000 1 na
tives had Wmbled to witness the Chris
tian interment rites which they afterward
supplemented in their own fashion by the
sacrifice of fifteen oxen to the shade of
"white persons congregated
around the wind-swept hill.. The grave
was encircled by six Riders The in
terment was extremely Impressive. The
"dead march" echoed through the hills
and the natives stood like statues. Tears
were in the eyes of many of the on
lookers. The Bishop of Mashonaland who
conducted the interment service, said:
I understand the court attached criminal re-'
sponslbility to mere participation, in connection
with- subsequent acts of violence in a meeting
at which nothing was 'done further than to re-
Bolve to make a demand for higher wages. The
records only show, in explanation of the sen
tence of three years, four months and eight
days, that Iglesias is, or that he was, the
founder of- a society Judged illegal.
, ¦ The Judgment of the District Court has the
character. In Us effective result, of the abridg
ment of personal liberty.. • The right to assem
ble peacefully to better the social condition . is
surely fundamental. If any Spanish law in
Porto Rico, impairs this right it has become
a nullity with the change' of sovereignty, In
my judgment.
Attorney General Harlan yesterday, be
fore the trial, sent a long letter to 8 the
public tprosecutor, expressing his views.
He said:
: . SAN JUAN, Porto Rico, : April 10.— The
Supreme Court of Porto Rico yesterday
heard the^'appeal .of " Santiago Iglesias,
president of the Federation of Workmen
of Porto Rico, who was sentenced Decem
ber 12 last to three years, four months and
eight days' imprisonment on the charge
of conspiring to raise the price of labor
in Porto -Rico. Decision was reserved un
til Saturday. -He will undoubtedly be ac
quitted. Counsel for Iglesias dwelt . upon
the constitutional | right- of the people -to
assemble peaceably. , The public prose
cutor, ; to the surprise ., of the throng
in the courtroom, sustained and strength
ened the argument of the defense. He
said the appeal was well taken,. put in no
evidence -for the prosecution and prac
tically asked the - court to dismiss the
case. • ¦
The article which led to the references
appeared in. an anarchistic sheet, pub
lished in Geneva. Slgnor Silvestrelli de
manded that the authorities prosecute the
paper, but the Swiss Government replied
it could not act without a complaint being
formally , lodged by the Italian Govern
ment. Italy declined to adopt, this course
and the correspondence following finally,
led to the rupture of diplomatic relations.
BERNE, Switzerland,' April. 10.—Diplo
matic relations' between Switzerland and
Italy have been ruptured. This action
arises from the refusal of Switzerland to
give satisfaction regarding an article pub
blished in Geneva, insulting; the memory
of the murdered King Humbert.
The Bundesrath has sent the following
communication to Parliament: \ ;
Regrettable misunderstandings • have oc
curred between us and Slfenor SHvestrelli, the
Italian Minister, v, "We have felt constrained .to
request the Italian 'Government, in the lnter-_
ests. of the good relations of the two countries,
to recall Slgnor SHvestrelli. The Italian Gov
ernment, having refused to 'do so, we broke
off relations with Slgnor Silvestrelli, where
upon the Italian Government, on its part, .has
broken off relations with our Minister at Rome.
We shall publish ' the documents relating . to
this conflict.' ' •' .•,'.;
Impressive Ceremonies
Attend Funeral of
Cecil Rhodes. :
Diplomatic Rupture Be
tween Switzerland
and Italy.
Supreme Court of Porto
Rico Hears Appeal of
Labor Leader.
SHROUD COFFIN
IN UNION JACK
IGLESIAS MAY
BE LIBERATED
NATIONS BREAK
OF RELATIONS
ST. PETERSBURG, April 10.— Prior to
his' departure from' this" city for Lau
sanne, Switzerland, April 8, preliminary to
his leaving for the United States, Charle
magne Tower, the United States Embas
sador to Russia, invited the attention of
Count Lamsdorf, Fo,relgn Minister, to the
dormant sugar and tariff controversy be
tween. Russia and the .United States,
making special inquiries as to the effect
of the Brussels convention on the future
sugar policy, of Russia. At his farewell
call Count Lamsdorf informed the Embas
sador that ; the Government : was consid
ering the sugar question, but had not yet
decided to change the present regulations.
Usually well: Informed American busi
ness-men have been giyen^to understand
Tariff Question Is ; Receiving
Due Consideration. .
Minister of Foreign AiTairs Says tlie
Miller left his house last evening to at
tend a lodge and returned about 11:20
o'clock apparently cool and undisturbed.
He alleges that he did not leave the meet- :
ing until 11 o'clock, - but several persons
say he left between 10 and 10:20 o'clock.
The murder was committed at five min
utes after 11 o'clock, as near as the police
can' learn. It * would have been possible
for Miller to go from the hall to the scene
of the crime In twenty minutes. From, the
location of \ the crime to "Miller's home is
but a comparatively short walk. ¦;
¦ The « police admit ' to-night that they
have .not reached a solution of the murder
of George H. Hey wood, head bookkeeper
of - the Michigan Malleable 'Iron "Works,
whose battered and lifeless body was
found at daylight . this morning within a
hundred feet of his home on Amherst
street. William Jones, a plumber, who
roomed in Hey wood's home, and who was
arrested j on : suspicion . this morning, I was
still in . custody to-night, although a
¦ 'sweat-box" examination lasting all ! day'
and this evening failed to bring from him
any damaging admissions.
.Hey wood's murderer first shot; him and
.then crushed In his forehead with some
heavy instrument. The bullet entered be
hind the right par and Itself would have
caused death. The murderer ¦¦. apparently
then stooped over his victim and dealt
him an awful blow on forehead.
BTTSSIA IS 7 , NOT READY
TO OUTLINE HER POLICY
A . blood-stained - hatchet was found in
the drawer of a table in Miller's kitchen.
Professor , Miller ' was the girl's music
teacher ; and . had paid her such - marked
attentions that - her ¦ father had asked him
to keep away from the house. When'Mil
ler was examined at police station this
morning what are believed to be blood
stains were found on his shirt sleeves, his
trousers, shoes, hat and overcoat. A towel
was discovered in his kitchen .wtyh what
aro supposed - to be blood - stains on . it.
When he was asked for an explanation
for the stains on his clothing he gave
none." .
DETROIT, -April 10.—^That the police
consider to be a strong link in the chain
of circumstantial evidence that they are
weaving about Professor Joseph M. Miller,
aged 47,' a ; music teacher and 5 a married
man with a family, who Is under arrest
on suspicion of murdering Miss Carrie M.
Jennett on Thirteenth street, Just before
midnight . last night, was discovered to
day. -
KTEW YORK, April 10.— Alberto Santos-
Dumoat, builder and navigator, of alr
ehlps, arrived here to-day on ' the
steamship Deutschland. He has come
to, the United States to discuss
plans for an exhibition of aerial naviga
tion with the managers of the St. Louis
Exposition, and he will be in the country
for three weeks. Engagements in Eng
land during the coronation require that
he recross the Atlantic by that time, but
If the necessary arrangements ; can be
made he will return here in July or Aug
ust for either a race with a rival or an
exhibition. He will do no flying during the
.present visit to this country. The young
man was accompanied by Manuel Aims,
former secretary of the Aero Club ¦ of
Paris, and Albert Chapin, a machinist ex
pert in airships.
Santos-Dumont will remain in is ew
York for five days before going to St
Louis, lie said:
I hope to see New Tork thp principal airport
of the world before I pass away. I have no
doubt that in my time, pe-baps ten years. If
1 ret the proper encouragement and help,
aerial navigation will be an accomplished fact.
I have no doubt that I will live to see passen
gers transported by airships across the Atlantic
from New Tork to Paris* J •
I have not patented my airship in this coun
try and I do not Intend. to. I want other men
to take my Ideas and Improve on them if they
can. If the St. Ixmis Exposition takes place
two years from now I am sure there will be
other entries . Tou are doings some excellent
¦work on It here In the United States and your
Professor S. P. Langley Is one of the greatest
men in the field in the world. This is the
country, too, in which Jt should be taken. up.
lor you have the men, the money and the en- ,
terprise.
As the Deutschland nearad JC antucket
Eantos-Dumont attempted to send the
first message ashore: ;
I bow to the greatest country in the world.
He did not succeed In getting the me&>
eage off. '
"Wants Americans to Take
His Idsas and Improve
on Them.
Blood Stained Hatchet an^
Towel Are Pound in Home
of Prisoner.
Suspect Him of Being
/ the Brutal Murderer
of Miss Jennett. j
Says He Does Not In
tend to Patent His
Invention H^re.
Statement That Missionaries Gouged Out a Boy's Eyes the
Cause of Trouble at Ning Po. \
LONDON, April 10.— A dispatch to a news agency, from Shanghai, published here to
day,- says that allegations of cruelty against Catholic missionaries have caused an artfi
foreign outbreak, at Ning . Po, v a city., in the province, of ¦, .Che -. Kiang, where a
statement was circulated that some of ; the. missionaries* gouged out\ boy's eyes. Two
British and ,two. German warships have been dispatched to Ning Po.
HONGKONG, April io.~ THe imperial forces hold most of the mountain passages
in the disturbed districts of Southern China, but the rebels still haVe access to their filibus
tering business. Kwan Chwan, a wealthy merchant belonging to the -guilds of Canton, is re
ported to have contributed largely to the [rebel funds in order to purchase immunity in case
the rebels attack the city. '
SANTOS-DUMONT
TALKS AIRSHIP
POLICE ARREST
MUSIC TEACHER
BRITISH AND GERMAN WARSHIPS
TO CHECK ANTI-FOREIGN OUTBREAK
THE SAN FKANCISGO vCALL, FRIDAY, APRIL "11, .-: 1902.
8
M O . ... . . ., : .,..,. ¦¦-¦-.. ¦¦'"> ;. - -¦¦ .' A '-, " * . . ' ¦.-..-. " _Q Q
flj % - ' -- - - -t t ,-, , , ~ \ t , , , , , mi t ''l ¦..¦¦¦¦¦¦¦•¦¦.¦¦¦•..•••'¦....»«•.». .^¦...¦. ...... ..¦>««««•»>»•¦«««•••¦¦««.«¦«.»«».».»......».•.»»»¦¦¦».¦¦¦¦»«•>•..>•¦¦«««.'..-.-> ,, t , t<tttt> r|M ,, | f'. J3
n I •,.,.«. : . \ ' : ..¦..,".•.¦ . . • .- ¦ "• .. \ •-.••- ..-,•" I S
a '" ? :. : : 'v| -. 'V . - ;¦;',.; ¦ ¦ '¦;--¦ ¦• ¦ ¦ ¦ : ' -"¦¦ : '¦'- ' + !-: ' ¦'' ¦¦¦¦': • • •'•.¦:¦
1 | For six years I have been a very si^ I i
jSl3 I -.i ¦' f ; j f' " J :'...'..' f 'U • '4' -I-'* ¦¦¦:*iL ft: JL ± ' ' ¦ L I 'I^-'S
I t 1 ( ness, neadaene and pain in baek and stomaeh, all caused by a stomach • g
I \ J that refused to do its work A friend advised me to try Ripans Tabules, | |
i I | The results have siniply Been wonde^ ¦& \ ;¦¦¦¦- §
H ; ''>'¦' ' ' ¦ ' ¦ •¦-.•:•¦-•' ' -- : ' i ¦ ". ;/¦ - ' '.''•¦': '..// ¦ '¦¦'-'¦ . ..¦ ¦ '(¦ ¦ '.'"/ ' V*' : , ; ">'¦ '¦ " ' v . '¦' " • - : •" ¦ ;f ' ~ ' V ; -'• . B
1 :; , At druggists'. Five u Geht packet is enough for an ordiiiaryoccas / I
B J T* ••••••••••••••• ••••••• «.«»•• .................... ................... >M>l>Mn»t»>IM»IMIIM .'¦'. >>>•??•»».. .......... ¦Ul>\' 0 .'. . . » . . . . »*. « t "»'» ... »". ....... « . >UM||||il|| « » . . . . '
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦ ¦¦HBBgMBgBBagMBBgBBHBBllBBBgHBBBBBBBaBBBBBBBBBBBBgBBBBEBBBBHBHH
. ADVERTISEMENTS. ' ' .;.,.-
Via "SHORT LINE."
. The North Pole may be reached
by way of the South — if MILEAGE
is not a consideration,
y Good Shoes may be had from
regular Retailers— via the Jobber,
the Manufacturer, the Commission
man, and the Tanner— if COST
is pf no account.
"Tannery to Consumer" is the,
• J REGAL short-cut which makes it ,
1 possible to put the LIVE OAK
sole of a SIX dollar shoe into every
REGAL at the price of $3.50.
The dirFerence between the reg- v
ular Six Dollar shoe and the regular
REGAL SHOE is merely a matter
of FIVE PROFITS; ¦¦?
Send postal for Style Book.
Sold onlyjn 45 Regal Stores from New York to San Francisco and London. Aisa by mail
SAN FRANCISCO STOREi
. S. V. Corner Stockton and Osary Streets.Henderson "Will Bs Renominated
EUGENE, April 10.— The report comes
frcrn Florence that Captain Anderson of
the schooner Lizzie Prien was drowned
in Sisku Bay last Friday. night while go
ing from shore to the schooner in a small
beat. • It : has Just .been, learned that
Michael Bomino was drowned In the coast
fork of tha Willamette River, : near - Clo
verdale, a few. days ago. In fording the
river. two ; horses -¦ and the man were
drowned. ' ,
Two Men Drowned in Oregon.
a i fence on the Bradbury property, . there
by causing him damage to the amount of
$1000. The fence in dispute Is. claimed by
Corte Madera citizens to be a nuisance
and therefore was demolished.
SAN RAFAEL, April 10.— William
Bradbury, the millionaire, this afternoon,
through his attorney, J, "W. Cochrane,' in
etltuted suit in the Superior Court
against Jerry Adams, M. F. . Silva and
John Frizzl, all prominent residents of
Corte Madera. It Is alleged that on or.
about April 7 the defendants demolished
Bradbury Sues the Citizens.
• „ Dr.' G|o"rge'CJv ; Adams delivered a power
fullecture lastTevening at the; Park Con
gregational'Church on "The Limitation
of Liberty." ; There was a large and de
lighted audience t and ; at the. close . of the
lecture Dr. Adams was accorded a hearty
vote of thanks., ;s •;
Dr. Adams on Liberty.
Provisions 'Are Made for Needed
Improvements at Oakland . ¦,.
and Stockton.
¦WASHINGTON, April, 10. -The ' Senate
Committee, on Commerce to-day com
pleted the river and harbor bill, numer
ous amendments- being added and the ap
propriations increased $9,609,172 to $70 237 -
439. Of this increase 54,601,835 is in the 'way
of direct appropriation, and the remainder
for contract* authorized.
The following are among the principal
items of increase:'
. 'Oakland harbor. Cal., contract $858^203: Ta
coma harbor, Wash., contract $225,000: Guam
harbor, 1150.000,; contract $250,000; Missouri
River, >$320;00# Stockton ' and Mormon , chan
nels.'Cal.. $50,000, contract $275,000; Columbia
River, canal at The Dalles, Or., and - Wash
ington.. $400,000. . ™»sn
Substantially no decreases were made
from the House bill. - .
RIVES AND HARBOR BILL
IS MATERIALLY AMENDED
The i fourth annual swimming xtourna
ment of 'the Academic Athletic League
will be held to-night at the' Olympic Ath
letic! Club; The following additional en
tries have been made: One hundred yards
<— M.'.S.-; Forrest.. Anderson's Academy;. S.
Butler' and ; -R.-.v- Pratt, . Alameda High
School..- Two hundred and twenty yards
—A. Bliss and EARodgers, Alameda^HIgh
School. Four hundred and for.ty yards—
Eschen,' Alameda High School. Half mile
— j; R.Glascock,. Anderson's Academy,
and > Eschen. : , Alameda High : School.
Eighteen- different^ swimmers are entered.
C; C; Bonafleld :of . the, Polytechnic : High
School holds the. short distance records
and is expected to .win the events in which
he competes. ,
. Meade-. Hamilton, and- C.. Kopke are ex
pected to give him, a close f race.
Academic League Swimmers'.
REDDING, April 10.— It is learned that
Major P. J. Hamey, /president of the
Sacramento Transportation Company, has
ordered from a firm in, Germany plans
and specifications for chain steamers,
3ueh as are used on the Rhine, to navi
fate the upper river. Each carries a
rum revolving upon a chain lying along
the bottom. They are of light draft "and
Jraw flat barges. Some work must be
done upon the upper channel, however,
before it will be navigable to freight
craft at all.- ¦ - , ¦r ¦
Chain Steamers to Redding.
The committee on platform was In ses
sion from noon until 8:30 to-night, the d«
lay in reporting being, caused by a differ
ence over the Philippine p'ank. It is
vndferstood that the convention will to
morrow indorse a candidate for United
States Senator and that he will make a
canvass of the State during the coming
campaign. Samuel White of Baker City
was elected chairman of the State Central
Committee.
PORTLAND, Or.. April 10.— The Demo
cratic State convention met in this city
at 11 o'clock this morning, effected perma
nent organization, adopted a . platform,
nominated George E. Chamberlain of
Portland for Governor by, : acclamation,
and at 9:30 o'clock to-night adjourned
until to-morrow, when the 'ticket will be
completed.
Party in the Fight for
Governorship.
Portland Man Will Represent the
OREGON DEMOCRATS
NOMINATE CHAMBERLAIN
> SAN JOSE, April lO.-Miss Marie Cator,
a popular young.;, lady of this city and
county. -was. married "here to Max W»r
dell of ; Seattle at' nOon, to-day. The bride
is the daughter of Thomas V.' Cator of
San Francisco. Wardell . is , an attorney
at'Seattle; and has Just returned from a
trip around .the world;; Mr. and Mrs;
Wardell left on the afternoon train for
San Francisco.
-. . •¦ ¦ » . - . i .
Death' Claims Jockey . Neville.
PHOENIX, A.; T.. April 10.— James Nev
ille, a well-known Jockey, died here this
morning of consumption. He was 2S years
of .age. = He had resided here for the last
year In hope of regaining his health. His
father is a prominent hotel-keeper in New
York. City, and the remains will be taken
there for* interment.
Fireman Is Accidentally Killed.
; WALLACE, Idaho, April 10.— This
morning -while Fireman U.NS. World was
under-hls engine some cars which were
being, switched struck the rear.- en«l of
his train, running three wheels . of : the
tender over his chest, killing, him Mn
stantUv • . \
Miss Cator. Weds an Attorney,
VANCOUVER, B.: C., April ,10.— For
three hours early this : morning the engi
neer and .fireman of the steam tug'Sat
urna clung, to a plank which : drifted with
them" across English Bay and : finally to
the city shore. The steamer was sunk off
Point; Grey, ten miles out from the city
wharves,; and how she went down is a
mystery. -. Only the engineer and fireman
were left abcard when the vessel came in
from the north with a large boom of logs
in tow and anchored under the Point
Grey - shore. ¦ «She sprung a leak , without
warning.
Flank Saves Them From Death
LIGHT BY ELECTRICITY
FOR MOUNTAIN TOWNS
.. V
Central California Electric Company
' \ Wants to String Wires Through- - •
out Nevada County.
NEVADA CITY, April 10.— The Central
California Electric Company has peti
tioned the Supervisors for a franchise to
construct pole wire lines in all the. towns
and villages in the county. The company
Is practically the' same as the South
Yuba • WaterXCompany. It is proposed to
erect a big electric plant at Alta, Placer
County, to distribute power and light to
Grass Valley, Nevada City and other
places. &S££*%S?»<*^3 : *5B&@£ : W&>lSJP
. It • Is . also the intention of ¦ the company
to -extend- - a line -through Placer— Qounty
along, the railroad to * Sacramento.. *.;The
new comrany will compete wlth~tfre Bajj
Counties Power Company.
Swallows Carbolic Acid.
; SALT LAKE, April 10.— A special to the
Tribune from' Leadville,; Colo.. . says 'that
John Sullivan,. foreman of the South Park
Railroad,"; committed:, suicide this ; after
noon-by^drinklng^ carbolic,, acid. , Some
weeks- ago Sullivan V accidentally, swal
lowed a' twenty-dollar; gold • piece,' and • al
though ' assured by.f surgeons that it ' had
passed ; into his stomach, Sullivan Insisted
the money had; lodged In] his throat.' Sul
livan'has ibeen ¦ very despondent over this
belief. .-*¦¦ "- ¦'-¦-. ¦ ¦ ¦'! '¦": , ; ;-~
¦:-. SALT f LAKE,* Utah; " April ' 10.— Aspecial
to 'the Tribune, from Evanston,' Wyoming,
says that - as ', a result of : two fights to-day
between Union Pacific ,brakemen, railroad
special - police and a 'gang of;' hoboes.
BrakemanF.G. Schwartz and one of the
tramps . were * severely '^wounded, v Brake
man Schwartz ; was -. shot while . trying ; to
eject the .gang from^ an eastbound train
at - Granger.- Special , police were called,
andfafter a fight fin i which a 3core' of
shots were exchanged and : one - of tho
tramps wounded. the. gang >,were arrested.
Tramps ; Shoot' Railroad 1 Erakoman
¦ SEATTLE, April 10.— To-day's develop
ments in the Bucey.. tragedy at Everett
tend to show conclusively that Mrs. Bucey
was mentally unbalanced when' she killed
her husband and ¦ child , and then commit
ted suicide. S. H. Bucey,: the murdered
man,' had? recently said he feared for lils
wife's mind. He was planning to take her
to California in ', the hope that the l trip
would restore her health. *, Evidence gath
ered to-day I shows that the woman i acted
strangely at times- in the past few
months. Bucey leaves an estate valued at
$20 000. - Mrs. Bucey was formerly Miss
Mille Hale of Vancouver, B. C. , She was
25. years old. ' 'V v •""-»:• :. C •' • -'¦¦'
Insanity Cause'of Her Crimes.
LONDON, April 10.— Commenting on the
evidence presented, at/ the court-martial
In Manila of Major, Littletoii W. T. Wal- ;
ler of the United States Marine Corps, on
the charge of executing natives of Samar
without trial, : and -.- on . the editorial re
marks of -American papers and of news
papers; here,, the St. James Gazette this
morning says: .:• . ¦
"Englishmen ; know better than to hold
a" highrspirited, honorable people respon
sible for the dishonor of a single criminal.
We ' have . no doubt 'American honor ; will
be. vindicated 'in the same manner as the
British has I recently been by an award of
swift uncompromising Justice .to the
guilty! parties. ;- In this country our-confi
dence ."in "American rectitude ia in no de
gree shaken by an Isolated example of de
pravity,- such as: we know, from experi
ence is likely to occur in the >. armies of
the most ; civilized and most , humane ,na
tions." '.:¦• ..' "
the Samar Scandal.
Comment of the St. James Gazette on'
SOME BRITISH SYMPATHY.
OAKLAND, April' 10.— Licenses to mar
ry were issued to-day to Munro M. Lane,
aged 39,* and Cornelia Chatfleld, 32, both
of Oakland; Thomas A. Copeland, 22, and
Elsa'M. Cohn, 23, both of Oakland; Alfred
\\. Smith. 21, and Lilias MacBeth, • 18,
both of Oakland; George Nicholas, 37
and Theresa St. Denls/34, both of Oak
land ; Emile t Fontalblat-, v 22, r and Marie
C. Harcade, -20, both of San Francisco-
Albert E. Trower, 27, and Ethel E. Blake
22, both of Alameda; George H. Ward, 20
and Lucie M. Bourguignon. : 21. both or
Alameda; Domingo T. Nunes, 48, HoIIIs
ter, and"Marla Mederas. 34, Haywards;
James Halsey, , 23, and Nellie . Mundellus,
19, both -of San Francisco; James T. Fee
ley, 21. and Anna L. Schultz. 18, both of
Oakland: William -Westln, 42/ and Kate
Risley, 38. both of San Francisco; William
Dunlop, 34 Fresno,; and Maude Hender
son, 28,- Alameda. ¦
Licensed 'to Marry.
Have investigations made. in your respective
districts regarding: saloons being: connected
by signal bells with lodging-houses overhead
or In the immediate vicinity. The proprietors
of liquor saloons are licensed to sell liquors on
tho premises for which the license is granted,
showing the street number, and on those prem
ise*, only. Wherever you find that liquor ts»
bring served on other premises than that, fojf
which tho license is granted, you will imme
diately order them to discontinue the practice
and make report of the case to me.
Chief Wlttman issued the following: or
der to company commanders yesterday:''
Must Sell Liquor on Premises.
MANILA, April 10. — In the provinces up to
date totals of 224 cases of cholera and 100
deaths from that disease have been reported.
In Manila the cholera totals are 206 cases and
106 deaths.
SAN JOSE/ April 10.— Eleazar Thomas, a
pioneer rancher of the valley, died at his
home on Pine Ridge yesterday, aged S3
years.
Eleazar Thomas.
'Lopez was arrested and^charged atthe
Harbor i station with assault i with intent
to kill and Relo was hurried f to- the Har*
bpr Hospital. - It took thirty.. stitches to
sew .up the^wounds, the une : in*:the bark
belngthe most dangerous. At a late'hour
it was said at the hospital that Relo wou'd
recover, notwithstanding the severity "of
the injuries.' ' - -.VJ-'J-y. ; • ;•:• ?
: A : desperate fight, .took place on -the
steamship California rlast\ night between
two • sailors named^Ritardo . Relo and
Charles Lopez. TheVafrray • was started
through Relo striklng.Lopez with a bot
tle. -Lopez became: enraged and drawing
a . knife used, it " freely" on Relo, who re
ceived several wounds in His left «ide and
rightarm; a '.deep gashUn. the back and
a cut on the nose. '• •:.:
Desperate Stabbing. Affray.
; HELENA, Mont., -April 10.— Articles of
incorporation of the !? Billings' and "North
ern. Railroad Company, were filed with the
Secretary of State to-day. The capital is
$600,000.' The incorporators are: G.\ W.
Holdrege, J. C. Taylor. H. D. Allee and
G. W. Loomis of. Omaha and H. B. Segur
of Billings. According to the articles the
purpose of -the corporation : is ' to "con
struct, - maintain and r operate , a railroad
beginning at Billings. Yellowstone County,
Montana, thence in a northwesterly direc
tion through the counties of Yellowstone,
Meade and: Cascade, a distance of about
191- miles, to a connection with the Great
Northern Railway near Armington." Of
the capital stock, $300,000 Is' paid in. The
papers were filed by- R.O." Francis, who
said', this evening that .work- would be
commenced on the line as soon as possi
ble, and that it was hoped to complete
the road this season.
Great Northern ) Railway Near
r Armington, Montana.
New Line Will Connect . With the
INCORPORATE TO BUILD
. .RAILROAD FROM BILLINGS
VIENNA, April 10.— A rumor lacking
confirmation is current here that M. Saia
foff, the leading Macedonian, is dead. !
Death of M. Saraf off Is Reported.
Rates to Gold Fields Reduced.
SEATTLE, Wash.. April 10.— la con
junction with the Alaskan Steamship A.V
Bociatlon, the White Pass and Yukon
route will bid for the freight traffic hith
erto carried on by the ocean and Yukon
River steamers. Ita new joint freight
tariff, establishing through rates for the
season from Victoria and Vancouver, B.
C. Seattle, Tacoma and Port Townsend,
Wash., and Ban Francisco to Dawson and
Atlln, which will be issued to-morrow, re
duces the tariff on all commodities from
£3 to 33 1-3 per cent. The competing lines
principally affected by the Joint tariff
egreement are the Northern Commercial
Company of San Francisco, controlling
the Northern % Navigation Company and
the North American Transportation and
Tradir.g Company of Chicago, which ope
rates from Seattle.
Will Improve Monterey County.
SALINAS. April JO.-r-The Monterey
County Improvement Club was formally
organized here last 'evening' with* a mem
bership of over . 150. The following were
elected directors: E. A. Baton, F. H. Lang,
C. F. Lacey. J. H. McDou&all, J. < E.
Btelnbeck, William Vanderhurt. W. ; H.
Winham. The officers are: President, E.
A. Euton; treasurer, J. H. McDougall;
•ecretar)', W. R. Hawkins.
Work Being Done Rapidly for the
Salt Lake-Los Angeles
Line.
LOS ANGELES. April lO.-Vlce Presi
dents J. Ross Clark and T. E. Gibbon, ac
companied by Chief Engineer Hawgood
and other officials of the San Pedro, Los
Angeles and Salt Lake road, went to Rio
Hondo to-day to witness the completion
of the company's big steel bridge at that
pcint.
¦ The company's next important" steel
work will be a larger bridge across the
San Gabriel River. The company has
completed surveying across Cajon Pass.
Surveying still is in progress in the Mo
ja\-e Desert and Southern Nevada. Addl
¦ tional train equipment for the Clark road
1 will soon arrive here. The passenger ser
f vice between Los Angeles and Pomona is
promised to be the finest in Southern Cali
fornia, g .
The Orefon Short Line has completed
surveying across the desert from Salt
Lake and active construction will begin
soon. It is announced that four camps
will be started and the work of build-
Ing will be hurried to completion. About
1000 men will be employed.
BRIDGE IS COMPLETED
ON THE CLARK ROAD
Kiss Richards of Los Angeles Begins
a Second Suit for Dam
ages.
LOS ANGELES, April ID. — Having
launched a suit for 320,000 damages against
Dr. J. J. Willingham of this city for
breach of promise. Miss Emma S. Rich
ards to-day« started another action against
Mrs. Mary Tighe, sa'.d to be nearly 80
years old, for $20,030 damages for alleged
alienation of the doctor's affections.
• Miss Richards, who is acting as her
own lawyer, says in her complaint that
the $20,005 is due her because, through
the machinations of the defendant, she
was deprived of the right and opportunity
to marry Dr. Willingham. She tells how
ready and willing she was to marry the
doctor in September, 1S00, and then goes
en to say:
"Mary Tighe well knew cf the engage
ment to marry existing between the
plaintiff and said Willingham. and said
defendant wrongfully intending- to injure
the plaintiff and deprive her of the love,
affection -and society of the eaid Willing
ham, maliciously induced said Willing
ham to enter into relations with her. the
defendant, of such a nature and charac
ter as to entire the said Willingham away
from plaintiff, and caused him to refuse
to raarry '¦ plaintiff."
Continuing, Miss Richards says Mrs.
Tighe slandered her by telling tbe doc
tor she wag not a fit perron for him to
marry; that she was a dangerous woman,
end that all she wanted was to "get the
doctor into a box and make trouble" for
}*. irr.. '
SAYS ANOTHER WOMAN
DEPBIVED HEB OF LOVE
The feeling- between the two factions
has grown so bitter that. Sheriff
has stated that he will bring ten' armed
deputies with him to Sausalito in order
to prevent- disorder on the day of election.
The Municipal Improvement Club,', rep
resenting the "hillites," has' W. G. Mor
row, secretary of the San -Francisco Yacht
Club, and J.F. Jones.. a merchant of San
Francisco, on the ticket. to oppose pool
selling. E.' H. Shoemaker, superintendent
of the North- Shore. Railroad, Jacques
Thomas, A. Sylva. G/W. Payne and John
Schnell are running "oh an independent
ticket.' A City Marshal and Town Clerk
will also be elected.
This year, however, -the-fight is. a very
etrcng one against .' the gambling, and
feeling between the:."hlllites" and water
frcnt people "is bitter. There';' are two
Town Trustees to be. elected, while seven
candidates are In the field. ¦ ,-. •
SAUSALITO, April 10.— As the time for
holding the municipal election in this city
draws near interest , in the outcome
greatly increases. There ,-se.ems, to be
only one issue involved, poolrooms or no
pcoirooms. Sausalito is the only^town in
California where poolrooms are. tolerated,
and they have been licensed here'for sev
eral years. -• ' " • ¦ ~ *-
Controversy Work Like Beavers
for Success.
SAUSALITO POLITICS
AT SIZZLING POINT
Opposing Forces on the Poolroom
Though comparatively a young man.
the deceased had attained a high position
in his profession. He drew the plans for
the ferry building and many other of the
privatu prominent buildings of the cltv
were designed by him. He also planned
several private and public buildings in
Honolulu. . -: • » • ¦ .
Edward R. ;Swairi, the well-kriowiri ar
chitect, died at the Lane Hospital yester
day afternoon, from the effects of en
operation for appendicitis. Mr. Swain waa
taken ill ten days ago and on the advice
of his physician went to the. hospital,
where he received every possible atten
tion and the most skillful . medical care.
ing Dies; Afjc^an, Operation
¦; ¦ , 1 for Appen'dici ti s. , '
Man Who Designed: the Ferry. Build-
ARCHITECT . E. R. SWAIN
PASSES .AWAY SUDDENLY
COLUMBUS, Ga., April 10.— Fire which
started in the plow shops of the Southern
Plow Works burned two whole blocks and
a > warehouse. Loss $250,000. The flames
in the* plow" -Bhops spread' southward to
the machine and forging departments of
the Columbus Iron Works. The offices
of the plow company and iron works were
next destroyed and the fire leaped to the
middle of Ninth street, consuming tho
trestle work of the Mobile and Glrard
Railroad from Front street to the river,
a distance of nearly two blocks. From
the trestle the fire caught the south block,
which was occupied by the iron works,
pattern shops, woodworking plant, mold
ing shop, lumber yards and boiler-houses.
The Empire Mills' cooper shops and
Friedlander's hide and Junk warehouse
were also destroyed. •
Flames Spread Over Two Whole
Blocks in the Manufacturing
Center of Columbus.
SOUTHERN PLOW WORKS
ARE DESTROYED BY FIRE
Superintendent of :the Sacramento
¦;^? Division F. E. Prior Goes to -..v
V Los Angeles. .
¦ LOS ANGELES, April lO.-F.E.i Prior,
formerly assistant division superintend
ent: here for the Southern Pacific' Rail
road,- who about six months ago was
made superintendent of the Sacramento
division to succeed Superintendent
Wright, is in Los Angeles on an indefinite
leave of absence. Prior's health is com
pletely broken and there la fear that he
may not recover. He is suffering a ner
vous- prostration, the result, it is said, of
overwork. Dr. F.K. Ains worth is'at
tending Prior here. His patient, the doc
tor says, is in need of rest, which," with
proper treatment, may result in recov
ery. Prior at times, is irrational. The
family, of Prior has remained in Los An
feles, maintaining the home on the East
ide durins : his absence in Sacramento.
The patienMls now at his home.
Since the retirement of John A aiuir as
division superintendent here It _ has been
a persistent rumor that his former assist
ant would be recalled from Sacramento
\Z i"^ th «1i vacan *- Place- It Is said now
that the illness of Prior is the reason that
the appointment was not made at oncf
upon Muir's retirement.
RAILROAD OFFICIAL . ' : ' S
v- '" \ '¦"¦ -' : IS SERIOUSLY' ELI.
Several Changes Made in the Postal
Service and More New; Pensions
Granted.
WASHINGTON, "April 10.— Postoffice dis
continued, - April 30:. California— Keep,
Plumas County; mail goes to Spanish
Ranch. ' -
. Postmasters commissioned:! California-
Jefferson. D. Ramage, Gibbons. Oregon—
i ohn ,r- Plc J kett ' Post. Washington— King
P. Allen Pullman. Appointed:' Wash
ington—L,* E^ Hardy, ISent. King County,
vice A. A. Risedorp, resigned. :
• ThejTOgs receipts of the San Francisco
-postafnee-for. March; 1902, were $108,530, as
against $96,192 for March. 190L
r; T , h * ese 'Pensions - - were ¦ granted' to'-day:
California — Original - Daniel Hughes
Marysville, $6; Charles H. Wright Sol
diers Home, Los Angeles. $8; James Bar
ry Veterans Home, Napa, $12. Increase
—James W. Smith, Santa Barbara, $8;
William B. Bumpus, ; San Diego, $10;
Thomas Lyons San Franctsco, $8; William
H. Hummer, Los Angeles, $6. Widows-
Statia Smith, Redlands, $S; Bridget Corr
San Francisco. $8. • '
1 Or f&°,n— Increase— Edward Good, Den
mark, $10.
Washington— Increase— William ' B. Ari
| orews. Port Angeles, $12; Jacob Hoover.
Aberdeen, $S; Charles R. Henderson. Fair
.haven, $8; Robert S. Thompson, Catlin $6
¦ Army orders— Major Benjamin H. Ran
dolph of the • artillery Is detailed as a
member of the examining board at the
Presidio of .San Francisco, vice Colonel
Jacob B. Rawles. relieved.
Dental Surgeon Julien R. Bern
h^ in V,J?«? w ' 1 . n Sa n Francisco, is ordered to
•the .Philippines. ; ; /. •
: Leave ? of absence "'. for one month has
, been, granted First \ Lieutenant Paul
r Hurst, .Third -Infantry, upon his arrival
at San Francisco. '. .v
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC €0 AST
The following athletes have been chosen
to make the trip to Santa Monica to-mor
row to meet the Occidental College track
team: Captain J. C. McCaughern, H. L.
Hamilton, W. F. Dunn, F. Holman, H
Bell, O. E. Hyde. W. E. Crawford, A. B.
Watson and C. E. Burton. The charges
of professionalism against Cromwell, one
of the Occidental men, have been dis
proved. . ¦:':,! 7
STANFORD -UNIVERSITY, : April io._
E. W. Moulton, better known to athletes
as "Dad" iMoulton, will continue in his*
position as Stanford's trainer for at least
another year. He has given entlr fc satis
faction this season and the announcement
that his services have been secured for
next year meets with the approval of the
entire student body. .From the track ma.
terial now- at' Stanford Trainer Moulton
expects Jiext spring to develop a winning
team. ' . . • ¦; . , . . .
Signed a Contract for Another
Year at Palo Alto.
Veteran Handler of Athletes Has
TRAINER : MOULTON l WILL
REMAIN AT STANFORD
Isaac Trumbo Is Called Upon to Ex
plain Golden Cross Company
Affairs. -
SAN DIEGO, April 10.— A warm time is
expected in the Superior Court, next Mon- i
day, when a return is to be made on a '
citation directed to Isaac Trumbo to ap-'
pear and explain • certain matters in 'con
nection with his final report as receiver of
the Golden Cross mines, in the case of :
the Free Gold Mining Company against
James Spiers and others.
The litigation is long, but Trumbo's re
ceivership was short. He was appointed
on the representation of parties in inter
est that he and his attorneys would serve
without compensation and that the
amount of their pay would be saved to
those interested in the settlement of the
case. He remained in charge less than a
year and his final account shows that
there are outstanding against him as re
ceiver accounts to the amount of $51,332 51,
ranging from $171 to -a Los Angeles sta
tionery company to $8321 22 to M. A. New
mark & Co. of Los Angeles and J5G91 95
to the California Powder Works of San
Francisco. All these creditors to the num
ber of seventy-fpur complain, as do for
mer creditors and the original mine
owners, i
The latter as a part of one pf their ob
jections to the settling of final account
essert "that said Isaac Trumbo. while in
charg-e of said property, appropriated to
his own use funds belonjring . to the said
property more than sufficient to meet the
Items set out in his eaid reports for which
he claims credit" • - .
The citation to appear has been served
«»fr-T rtmAo- toy flhertff -Lactangng^ofvagri -
Francisco and he .* will probably appear
%rith - his attorney, Samuel Shortridge.
whose claim for compensation is also ob
jected to by parties interested.
MINERS SAY MONEY
WAS MISAPPBOPRIATED
ATLANTIC, CITY. N. J., April 10.— Mrs,
Marion Roosevelt, wife of Robert Roose
velt of New York, and aunt of President
Roosevelt/ died suddenly to-day of cere
bral paralysis. Mrs. Roosevelt was
stricken last evening and never regained
consciousness.
Mrs. Marion Boosevelt.
RED LODGE, , Mont., April 10.— The
whole force of the Rocky Fork mine in
this city went out on strike . to-day. Over
500 men are involved. The miner-d' prin
cipal grievance - is an order f orblddlni?
them from riding out on hoisting cars in
the afternoon at the end of, work hoars.
The practice had been for the men to ride
out until State Inspector Welch ordered
the custom to stop. The miners are for
the most part Finns. , •
Montana Miners Out on Strike.
REDDING, April 10.— An energetic
search- is being- made among the effects of
the late O. E. Nash, the merchant who
left a $25,000 estate, for a will which I he
was thojusrht to have made. The state
ment la given out that no such instru
ment has been found. And yet a will
must have existed, for Frank Lltsch,
formerly of Redding and now of - San
Francisco, was a witness to it. The legai
heirs are the widow, who was his third
wife, and a son by his first wife, now
with hi3 mother in Butte, Mont.
Search for a Merchant's Will.
Mrs. Wagener was unable to tell how
the accident , occurred, but the presence
of some kid gloves, a gasoline can and
an overturned candle suggests that shs
was cleaning the gloves with gasolin*
when the combustible exploded.
SACRAMENTO, April 10.— Mrs. Mat
thew Wagener, residing at 2201 K street,
was burned last night by an explosion of
gasoline, dying at an early hour this
morning in. great, agony. The body waa
badly burned from her feet to her head,
but her face escaped the flames.
GASOLINE CAUSES HEB DEAT H
Sacramento Woman, While Cleaning
Her Gloves, Beceives Fatal
Injuries.
Their instruments arrived here con
signed to A. P. ' Doak, a St. Louis cap
italist, who is president of the Shasta
Mineral Belt Railroad, which proposes to
connect Bully Hill mines and smeltera
with the main line and to extend on
through Fall River Valley to Fall River
mills and thence to the Oregon lice
through Modoc. ' This company has had
a chief engineer and party in the field
for three months making a preliminary
survey. The route covers part of Lord
Thurlow's projected Eureka and Eastern
Railroad, and it appears that a royal
fight has begun for right of way.
REDDING, April 10.— Redding has sud
denly become the center from which rail
road surveyors are moving eastward to
ward Bully Hill. /A large jlarty. under
R. H. Pope, who has been with the
Southern' Pacific, are now camped near
Bella- Vista, the terminus of the Terry
branch, and from that point they will
run lines to Bully Hill. A second -party
starts to-morrow " morning from . Kennet
up Pit River. Three other parties are to
arrive and take the field before Monday.
denly Begin Work Toward
* Bully Hill Mines.
Several Parties ¦ of • Surveyors Sud-
BIVAL EAILHOAD MEN
\"^ FIGHT FOR BIGHT OF WAY
The second suit .was, : brought by Mrs.
Tabor ' and,-. Mrs. :¦ "Tim". Foley against
George W. \ and 'A.' V. Hunter
of Leadville, . and .John- F. Campion, . to
recover 50,S70^shares of stock in. the Iro
quois Mining Company. The. plaintiffs ask
for. $100,000 damages. ;SThey allege that
July: 1, .1SS7, this-' stock- waB placed by
Tabor, and Foley 'in- escrow; with Messrs.
Trimble ana Hunter, to be delivered to
"Campion on : or before ¦ July : 1." 1899, upon
the; payment by Campion of J5O.0OO. It is
alleged that • Campion . defaulted in the
payment ; of the money- and in perform
ing ¦¦: other certain \ conditions, and that
Trimble and Hunter have .never returned
the stock. -, 'm ¦•-.v * ',¦;•¦
-DENVER, April 10.— Elizabeth B. Ta
bor, widow of Senator H. A. , W. Tabor,
has filed two suits in the District Court
for damages aggregating $250,000 and to
recover possession of a large amount of
mining stocks, which, she alleges, have
been misappropriated by, defendants. One
suit is against David H.Moffatt. In this
suit Mrs.; Tabor, asks for $15O,C00 damages
and for an accounting .from Moffatt of
the disposition of 1250 shares of stock in
the Maid of Erin Silver Mining Company,
valued at $498,750, and 916S shares in the
Gold j and Silver Extraction : Company of
America, Limited, valued at $45,840. Mrs.
Tabor/ avers that her- husband placed
these stocks in Moffatt's ' hands as trus
tee-'pending negotiations for the sale -of
them." She alleges that the sale was never
made and that the; stocks were never re
turned to , her husband.y-v-.vVi-;
Large' Amount of Mining
• Stocks.
She Seeks toXRecover Possession c,f a
SENATOB TABOR'S WIDOW
FILES IMPOBTANTj SUITS
-ErastusvBrainerd, representing the Se
attle.Chamber of Commerce, set forth the
interest of i the Pacific Coast shipping peo
ple In the bill. A practical object lesson
had been given at Seattle, he said, where
the subsidized Japanese line received $147,
000 for freights out of Seattle In one year.
This more than: off set the $32,000 subsidy
Japan gave. -the -line. ' Further hearings
will be arranged' later.
.It meant that those who' control the
great railroads. of the country se.a the de
sirability of linking this transportation
with that on the sea, thus increasing. the
radius of our export circle. Although he
had no Interest ; whatever in the move
ment Clyde pointed put that it afforded
an opportunity to have large amounts in
vested in American yards; and American
ships. : The men -in this movement, he
said.' would get their ships where they
could do so to the best advantage.
He drew attention to the movement by
capitalists under | the- leadership of Mor
gan to buy up certain trans-Atlantic
Hues, the. Leyland and the . Atlantic
Transport. This, Clyde declared,. was the
opening, of a new era. : / ' , ; V
CLYDE TALKS ABOUT
{SHIP SUBSIDY BILL
House Committee on Merchant Ma
rine and Fisheries Begins the
• ~ 'Hearing. - ;
WASHINGTON; April 10.— The ship sub
sidy bill recently, passed by the Senate to
day: was taken up'by the House Commit
tee on Merchant Marine and Fisheries ,"
Dennis Clyde of the Clyde line of steam
ers being heard In support of the meas
ure. Clyde said the opponents of the bill
should be. pinned to two. points, namely:
First— Is there a difference in cost in
building . and' operating American ¦ as
against foreign • shipsi and, second, if
there is such difference, what better way
is there to overcome it? , Held down to
these points, Clyde said, the "flights of
fancy over the trust magnates and tho
wicked ship-owners Would disappear.". He
sale." that the cost of building and opera
ting the American ship was about 30 per
cent above the foreign cost.
Neither Embassador ¦ White at Berlin
nor Embassador Meyer at Rome has ten
dered his resignation, eo that the Presi
dent will be unable to Immediately make
appointments to these posts.
Either Dr. David Jayne Hill, Assistant
Secretary of State, or Bellamy Storey
Minister to Spain, will go to Berlin, and
Henry White, first secretary of the
American Embassy In London, will be ap
pointed as Embassador to Italy
In the matter of diplomatic appoint
ments, no change has occurred in the sit
uation from that which existed before the
President's departure. Friends of Her
bert G. Squiers of^New York,' first secre
tary of the American. Legation in China,
are confident that he will' be named as
Minister to Cuba, though R. S. Buchanan
former Minister to Argentina, is being
considered. ->'¦ ;
Appointments will especially engross
the attention of the President. He will
have to select the men who will.be given
foreign missions; he will appoint new
First Assistant, and Fourth Assistant
Postmaster Generals; promote officers of
the army to the grade of brigadier gen
eral and distribute other. plums for which
the 'faithful are hungering.
The office of First Assistant Postmaster
General will be filled by the appointment
of Robert J. Wynne, Washington corre
spondent of the New York Press.
Secretary Hay will bring the Manchu
rian question before the Cabinet meeting
to-morrow, but the President is expected
to raise no objection to the treaty, as it
fully meets the views of the United
States. . ' . •' ¦ ¦ \J-M- :: i ' '¦ ¦¦:• :
Secretary Root will submit to the Pres
ident the latest developments in the mat
ter of the outrages alleged to have been
perpetrated by American troops in v the
Philippines. ;,>'./'.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
-WV, v WASHINGTON, April . 10.—Interna
tional and national matters of the utmost
importance to the country will receive
consideration from : President - Roosevelt
when he returns to-morrow from<> his
Southern trip. Under instructions given
him. Lieutenant Colonel E. H. . Crowder,
the American. officer who" is investigating
the charges that the British ; camp- at
Chalmette, .La., is being maintained-, in
violation of neutrality laws, will make re
ports of facts . as they develop. : Until the
reports of this Investigation. are obtained
no ;' representations will be" made to the
British Government. - : ;-.'• ¦
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Investigation Is said to show that the
Indian had frectuently threatened to kill
the woman. On the evening of March 30.
Joe Pete,\ the woman and her brother
drove to El Monte, where they camped.
On Monday, night the Indian, with the
woman, left' the camp, ostensibly for the
brickyard. The body of the woman was
found several hundred yards west of. the
point where the Indian said she fell off
their wagon ¦ and on the fence near by
was a matting of. blood and one of her
arms lay a few feet away. The police are
confident that the Indian murdered the
woman and then laid her body on the
track bo that the train would mutilate
it and murder would not be suspected.
On the morning . of April 1 Policeman
Strode was hunting and near the Four
Mile House, on. the Shcrb branch of the
Southern Pacific Railroad, he found the
mangled remain* * of a Mexican woman.
Four days later Joe Pete, an Indlan^went
to the detective office and stated that the
woman's name was Juana Palaya and
that she waa his wife. He said that he
was on his way to Rhodes' brickyard, in
Garibaldi Canyon, where he had been
promised, employment, when the accident
happened. He told hla story in such a
manner that the police became suspicious
and a detective waa detailed on the case.
LOS ANGELES. April 10.— Detectives
have unearthed what they are satisfied
is a dastardly murder. Joe Pete, an In
dian, has been in the tanks of the City
Jail since Tuesday night and to-day he
was charged with having committed the
crime.
Special Dispatch to The Call*
.Our .nwatta w»«- to - lift w p-* t fc» -witlone 1 4 i f *•¦
thereby elevating the domestic. I was very
familiar' with ¦ the life there and knew 'the
lanenaee so well that I was doing good work
in tl>e missions when I was seized.
One nisht when the baby, a dear little
black-eyed tiling. ' was only three days old, I
had to carry her strapped "to my back through
an eight hours'- march over wild .mountain
roads. Time and again they threatened us
with bodily harm. When negotiations failed
they would come -to. us- and say: .."If that
money don't' come toon here is a bullet' for
you," and they would, point significantly to
their suns. I can't even say how many were
in the band. They were In ' Turkish dres?.
Some i»i>oke Greek and some Albanian. I don't
know their njmes. They were "Tom. Dick and
Harry" to me. When I was released I hardly
knew it. I nad not had a single word from
the outside world throughout six months. They
said something about our pictures in the pa
pers, but that Is all I ever knew. One night
we started oil as usual, but soon, came to a
desolate place, where we stopped. for about an
hour. It was nothing unusual and I did hot
know anything: important was to happen. Sud
denly, however, two of them came to us and
ordered us to come with them. When they
led r.s to a' little town -and left us I hard.ly
realized that I was free. • ..¦¦...¦
The birth of Mme. Tpllka's baby was our
salvation. The brigands are very supersti
tious, and believed that a curse would be on
them if they harmed the young mother or her
child. So when the baby came We were treatei
better.
The brigands still have some of that Old
World chivalry, and so in some ways they
treated us kindly. After we were in the wild
districts we marched- only at night. Not once
did I know where we were. When I wrote
what I did, seeking ransom. It was because
they forced me to at the point of "a rifle. They
fed us well, however, and often we ate before
tney did. When I expressed my • surprise at
this they said it was their business 'to keep us
In good health, as all they wanted was money.
"When. I caught cold they seemed ¦ greatly wor-,
rled and once, when I sprained my knee by
falling- into a hole, they were .thoroughly dis
gusted with me. I guess we traveled at night
because'.we were ¦ beine pursued, -but I never
saw any one .after us.- There was no actual
cruelty thown us. but they treated us most
contemptuously. When negotiations for our re
lease failed their actions toward us were very
severe. • : : .
ilzne. Tsilka was taken. because they had to
have a married lady to chaperon me. There
was another woman with us, a Bulgarian Bible
worker, Mrs. Woosheva, - but she was sick and
they could not take her.
They were fully armed, while Tsilka was the
only one In our party who had a revolver. He
prepared to use it. but the rest of us, seeing
that resistance was useless, begged him not
to. The brigands all had rifles. Then the brig
ands left a guard around the rest of the party
and hurried lime. Tsilka and myself off. It
was all done eo quickly that - 1 hardly knew
what happened.
The day we. were taken was market day. the
safest of all days to. travel. .There were ten
in our party and three drivers. It was late in
the afternoon and we were going along a lonely
road when suddenly the brigands Jumped out
of the bushes at the roadside and surrounded
us, crying "Dour, dour," which means stop. '
When seen on the steamer Miss Stone
showed plainly traces of her awful strain.
In talking of her capture she said:
NEW YORK, April 10.— Worn out with
the strain of an ocean voyage and not yet
fully, recovered from the nervous strain
ensuing from six months' captivity, Miss
Ellen Stone, the American missionary,
who was held for ransom by Bulgarian
brigands, arrived to-day on the Deutsch
land. She will ¦ immediately proceed to
her home in Chelsea, Mass., to eee her
aged mother.' Major Pond, who will man
age her lecturing tour, announced that
the money she made in that, way would
be applied immediately .to repaying the
amount of her ransom, $72,000.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Before his election as County Auditor
Raby was treasurer of the town of Pull
man. He has a wife and one child, a
boy of two years. Mrs. Raby is quite ill.
Raby has many friends both here and at
Pullman. When asked for a statement he
declined to make one, but said he might
do so later. He simply stated that his
bond would amply protect the county
from any shortage which might be discov
ered in his accounts. He is under a bond
for J15.000.
The Commissioners met Monday. Mem
bers of the board declare Raby was un
able to pay to the county all of the fees
collected during the month of March. An
investigation followed, and when ofllcers
of the Second National Bank gave the
board a letter from the American Bridge
Company, asking why their claim had not
been allowed Auditor Raby was called be
icre the board and acknowledged having
cashed the warrant November 29, 1901.
The County Auditor- is charged with
having appropriated to his own use $1553
drawn by him on a warrant issued to- the
American Bridge Company of Chicago.
When called before the Board of Commis
sioners Raby acknowledged that he had
taken the money and said his bondsmen
axe good for the amount. The affair has
caused the greatest sensation Colfax has
experienced for a long time.
SPOKANE, Wash., April 10.— C. G.
Raby, Auditor of Whitman County, re
signed this morning as the result of an
Investigation which resulted in disclosing
serious discrepancies in his accounts.
Special Dk patch to The CalL
were 'delivered also" by the
Rev. E. R. Dllle,' pastor of the First
Methodist Church, and by W.S. Angwin
' The Epworth Leaguer; bears the same rela
tion to the church that the citizen bears to' civil
society. The- Individual.: by his work, by his
precept and by ¦ his ! example establishes his
own sphere of usefulness in the • community.
So the Epworth Leaguer and collectively the
league, on similar lines of conduct and living,
assists or Injures the: church. The leaguer,
who understanding correctly his relation to the
church and who openly professes to such an un
derstanding, best serves his cnurch by. a life
consistent with his' profession.'
.; The work of'the EpwortH League long since
passed the experimental stage.- The organisa
tion of: the militant hosts of young Methodists
has. become by official decree and by faot an
Integral part of the church. -.. • -, > ¦
' J. L. Norton' of Napa' gave an address
in response to '.the welcome to the league.
On the topic "How Can the League
Help the: Church?" William H. Waste
of Berkeley s'aldr '
Those who are to Influence the formation of
character-of the coming generation must be In
spired with a respect for some higher being.
Undedicated lives are not wanted in bur public
schools, i, t ' ' % ¦
Further." President Wheeler, in direct-:
ing. attention to educational work, said:
. This is from ; the opening address ; de
livered 'by-, Benjamin Ide -.Wheeler,: presi
dent of the . University -of California, at
the session which 'began the convention
this afternoon of the Epworth League
(Oakland District) at the Eighth-avenue
Methodist Church.
rf^s. AKLAND. April 10.— "The eternal
(I AV life means participation in publh:
(I IB affairs. Take-. it in politics. ,' I
: ; have : heard men say • they" were
/ out, of politics. No American cltl
zAn has any right to be out of politics,
and I do not know, whether the American
woman, either, has any right to be but "of
politics." . ¦ ¦ .
A national convention of the league will
be called for in the near future, pjobably
at Chicago. ¦ '" ' \V*"V'
M. Hulet of Topeka, Kans.,.was chosen
secretary for the new league and B.B.
Swift of Chicago treasurer. _A board of
directors was j selected. Among the mem
bers are: H. F. Carver, Chicago, chair
man; ,C. B, Hoffman, Kansas; H. A.
Heath, Topeka,* Kans.; John A. Kasson,
Des Moines, Iowa, and 8. R. Callaway,
New York. " PTltPlfiTIII. P 111
In a word, 'the manufacturers who are
in the organization say they are'manu
facturing in excess of the consumption of
the home market. They .vrarit ;the :United
States Government to establish trade re
lations with other .countries, that will
throw open the markets ok the world for
the disposal of their goods.— The United
Staes benate will be asked • to ratify at
least: nine treaties that provide for recip
rocal arrangements in the trade relation
ship of the United States and various
countries of the Eastern Hemisphere.
CHICAGO, April 10.— The National Reci
procity. League was organized here to-day.
W. P. Stanley, Governor of the State of
Kansas, was elected president. The ob
ject of the organization, which i3 non
partisan,: is to wage a campaign of edu
cation concerning the "urgent need of re
ciprocal trade relations with foreign na
tions." ".'¦¦'¦ v ":^-; "; /
There la some complaint among business men
of Hawaii on account of the tightness , of the
money market. ¦ There arc- no failures - or as
signments of /-Importance.- ' The ¦ enterprises,
however, are too large for the available capi
tal. The Hawaiian : Government is limited by
the revenues, which a re . inadequate - for ; carry
ing on necessary public ¦ improvements." The
current revenues-, will -.' be .sufficient . only to
carry out :the administration expenses. The
last Legislature failed to enact • legislation for.
needed ¦ loans. Tho : country lost a large part
of; the revenues at ¦ the beginning ¦ of the Ter
ritory by. the transfer of the customs revenues,
amounting to about 51,200.000, to the Federal
Government. ¦ But we are getting along. The
Territorial Government is doing something in
the way 'of public improvements, but not nearly
so much as ought to have been done. '
WASHINGTON, April 10.— Governor
Dole; of. Hawaii arrived, here to-day to
confer with the President, at the latter's
reauest, regarding conditions in Hawaii,
pending legislation affecting the Territory
and other matters.. " '- , .
VGovernbr Dole said to-day:.
University -leader Opens a
Convention of the Ep
worth League.
Matters of Great Moment Are
Now Awaiting His Con
sideration.
Will Urge the Establishment
of , Trade Relations With .
Other Countries.
Shows Plainly the Traces of
the Nervous Strain She
Underwent.
Asserts That His Bond Is
Ample to Cover All
the Loss.
Believe That He Killed a
Woman He Claimed
as His Wife* ¦•
Says Revenues Are .; Entirely
-Inadequate to 1 Run the ;
Government.
He Will Be Kept Busy
When He Returns to
Washington; j. ,
President Wheeler Sug
gests Women Should
Be in) Politics;
Will Discuss Conditions
in Hawaii With the
ImsR President. •¦¦: -\
Los Angeles Detectives
-Arrest Joe Parker
Auditor in Washington
a Subject of In
vestigation.
Miss Stone, the Ran
somed Missionary, Ar
rives in New York.
Manufacturers Organize
a Big League in
WORK PILES UP
FOR PRESIDENT
GOVERNOR DOLE
IN WASHINGTON
TO ADVOCATE
RECIPROCITY
HINTS A BELIEF
IN AN EQUALITY
TELLS OF LIFE
WITH BRIGANDS
SUSPECT INDIAN
OF THE MURDER
ADMITS HE USED
COUNTY'S COIN
THE SAN FRAKGISCO CALL, FEIJDAYy APRIL 11, 1902.
Late Shipping Intelligence.
SAILED.
. . . Thursday, April 10. ¦
Stmr Grace ¦ Dollar,: Fosen. drays Harbor. ; ,'"'
DOMKSTIC - PORTS. •.-.
ASTORIAi-Salled , April 10— Stmr Vosburg
for Tillamook: stmr North Kin*, for Alaska!
-. Arrived t ADrIl 10— Stmr Elmore,; for xilla-'
mook. •';'," ./'. ¦ : . ' •¦¦ . ' ' '.
PORTLAND-rArrived April 10— stmr George
W Elder, from San; Francisco.
• Sailed .. April' 10^-Shlp Dovenby \ Hall, - for
QueenFtcwn. ...
SEATTLE — Sailed Anrll 10 — Stmr Melville
Dollar,- for 'Port Hadlock.' - ¦ ¦
• . OCEAN BTKANpSRS. • v, !
NEW, YORK— Arrived VAnrJl ' 11— Stmr Ca - r
thagenicn., ; from ! Glasgow, ¦; via • Movllle. : April
li) — Stmrv Germanic, • from ¦ , Llverftpol ';¦' and
n Inn ii ii'M^^M"'il*M^I.^J>Wl»>iiIJB»IiiUii
i ROTTERDAM— Hailed April 10— Stmr i Pots
dam, i for New. York;- via Boulogne-Sur-Mer. .
/.-ANTWERP—SAlled.t April i8— Stmr iSwltzer
land; for i Philadelphia! 'f -¦-.' -•*- y - .- -. '.
SAN RAFAEL, April ; \0. —The \ Board of
Supervisors - this afternoon passed i an'^or-'
dinance making- it a misdemeanor for any
one to catch any sort* of fish i from any
stream or slough in, Marin County, with
net or seine. Game and ¦ ;Fish..Commis
sioner." Robinson : deemed this advisable,'
and • at his^instigation j the \ law i was] passed
and will' become law at once: ! .*> >'
Protection for, Marin Fish
-'."John- Koster, 233 South Spring- street,
Los * Angeles : Competitor : for Congress
withdrew yesterday, leaving no opposi
tion for me. D.-B. HENDERSON."
LOS ANGELES, April 10.—Congress
man DavldB. Henderson of Iowa, Speak*
er of the House of Representatives, to
day wired John r.Koster, who is his broth
er-in-law, that t he . would have , no oppo
sition to his renominatlon. The message
reads as follows:
9
ADVERTISEMENTS.
that's all. No energy, no
vim, no vigor, no ambition.
The head aches, thoughts
are confused, memory fails.
Life becomes a round of
work but half accom-
plished, of eating that does
not nourish, of sleep that
fails to , refresh and , of
resting that never rests.
That's the beginning of
nervous prostration. *a*»
"I was very i.crvou.'- and so tired
and exhausted that I cmld net do my
work. One dose of Dr. Miles' Nervine
quieted my nerves and drove away the
lassitude. Seven bottles did wonders
in resteTinc 1 nry health."
Mrs. &L E. Lacy, Fortvillc, lad.
D*. Miles'
strengthens the worn-out
nerves, refreshes the tired
brain and restores health.
* Sold by druggists on guarantee.
Dr. Miles Medical Co, Elkhart, lad.
i i— ¦ i -ii nn i i i mtuinrft m » hi ¦ —TO SAIL.
Smashed by.a Sling.
W. Thompson, a * longshoreman, who lives
'.'/ ¦ i. . y .'FRIDAY,' APRIL 11.' - ¦ ¦; : ¦'
Sun t rises • . ....".....,". , V V. '..'..¦... v.'..; .".'.-.' 5-40
Sun sets T .... .'.'.'• ;-;-.- ,-, .¦.- . ;-. .;.V.v;". '.!;".' C • 11
Moon : sets .'. .V. .~. :'.".' .. : J . ... ...;;; .-; 10 :30 "d. . m.
NOTE^In the , above i exposition i of the tides
the • early . morning, tides 1 are • given In r the I left
hand s column and '. the successive : tides ,; of : the
day In' the order of occurrence as to ; time : > the
lourth i time [ column ' gives ' the i last : tide ; of the
day, - except when .there, are butUhree tides ' as
sometimes i occurs. UThe i, heights 5 given * are' ? in
addition S to the soundings j of ? the .United | States
Coast rSurvey , charts;; except ' when ; a I minus (— )
sign ¦ precede* the ; height,' and f then the ; number
Prentiss ! Has ; Trial Trip.
The steam schooner Prentiss.' built by W.' A. :
Boole & Son for W. A. Gray, had her. trial trl-j
on the, bay yesterday and Droved in every. way
satisfactory. She , will ; engage in the .coast
lumber trade. : .
Levernbank , Disappears.
The British ehln . Levernbank, which arrived
off the ' port' last Monday for orders, has disap
peared. Pilot . Miller brought ¦ in ' word that the
Levernbank was outside awaiting orders. ¦ In
structions orderinar the . ship « to Tacoma were
sent out,' but the vessel had gone and has not
been eeen since. . . . -/ "
Reinsurance Rates.
The British ! Bhi? - Tweedsdale,' out ; ' 92 , days
from : Honsay. for . Port Townsend. • was , posted
yesterday among- the overdues; Ten per = cent
reinsurance has been paid on her. The rate on
the British ship Red Rock was, reduced yester
day to 18 per ceiit. ' • ..
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Thursday, : April 10
Stmr Alliance, Hardwick, 6 days from Port
land,-via Astoria, and Coos Bay/; and via -Eu
reka 22 hours. •'¦¦'•¦-' ¦' . ¦¦¦¦--'„• . ; •' -¦-¦¦:.
¦Stmr 'North Fork, Nelson, 24: hours' from
Eure!:a^ :¦ '¦¦'¦¦¦/¦ •¦¦ • • : '" ¦/, .¦ ;-y.-s.
Etmr Iaqua, Gunderson, 21 hours from- Eu
reka.. ¦ .' '' ¦ »- "' "¦ ¦ '¦•'.-¦....¦¦ .'¦.-¦
Stmr Acapulco, Russell;- 23 "days 13 hours
50 minutes from Panama, via Mazatlan .7 days
12 hours 20 minutes.' •* ¦¦' '. . '• :--¦: ;>¦¦,
Stmr Columbia,- Doran, '. '50^ ' hours . ' from
Portland, via T Astoria 45}^ hours.. - r /.' - -;
Stmr Saokane, ; Alexander, 43 hours from San
Uleso, etc. • .¦".-, ¦¦'¦¦ -r, •'»-•¦'.¦.¦: ., .- : . ...-. ~_jj
.. Ptmr< Gipsy, Leland,- 21 hours f roln ¦ Monte
rey. ¦ i ¦•" ¦ ,' ••- 1,.' ¦ ¦¦ '¦• ¦._,. . .¦ .- . v -V",.; . ',
Tug Relief. :. Sllovlch, .• from cruise .' In ; search
of.Br ship Frankistan. ¦•-.:.. i .....
Schr Ida A, Camobell, : 5 '. hours from Point
Reyes.- ••¦*•, ¦'.•' •-' ••'. ¦-•;, i *•• ";•;•. ...--,.7..- ,'-
Schr Bender Bros. * . Wetzel, ' 15 ' days from
Siuslaw River. ¦ , . • ¦ : ... -
CLEARED.
,-¦- ¦¦-. -.: ". :" '¦.;' Thursday, 'Aprir li). ;
¦ Stmr Sierra, ' Houdlette; * Sydney,' via Hono
lulu: J D Spreckels '&; Bros; Co,'. • ''. . .
Ship Indiana. Bolton,. Bristol (Bar. and Lor
lng;-Alaska'Packers'.'Assn.- . • ¦..'¦-;-..
Ship M P Grace, Fisher, Bristol Bay; Alaska'
Salmon 'Co. ;' •¦ .." - •; ¦, * ,. • ,
Bark Edward May, Hansen, Honolulu; Alex
ander/& Baldwin • (Ltd)." . . .' .-'.'• . -.,•.,.-;
: Bktn , City, of/ Papeete, -, Ipsen, codflahlng'
Alaska Codfishlni Co. • - ( : .,s
Br '• bark' Inverlyon, Sims, ¦' Queenstown;,iL
Kauffman-&-Co.' . " :>':. ¦ • '¦:':'.•- '... . .. -.,!,,¦
- Schr Mary - and ? Ida, . Stensland, ; codflshing •
Alaska Codflshine Co. - • .- ,.-,;
SAILED.
¦ Thursday, April '10/ :
, • Stmr ' Sierra, Houdlette, Sydney * and ' Hono
lulu. ';.. .•.-•..• ¦ - : - - • ¦¦ ... : •••••; t ..-..,-. ¦
-. Stmr 'Arcata,, Nelson,' Coos; Bay. ¦- •
•, . Stmr ¦ Gualala. ,. Weber, . Bowens Landing. .:'¦-¦'
Stmr AVhltesboro, Olsen, ¦ Greenwood
Stmr Asuncion,, Evans, < Port "Angeles,
Stmr Crescent City, Payne,. Crescent City. -
Btmr .Rival,- Olsen, jWlllapa' Harbor. '
StmrChehalls, Thompson, Grays Harbor.'
. • • Oer 1 ship '.Wllkomxnen,'. Freeze," Grlmaby. ¦"-"¦-•¦• :
- Bark- Edward May, -. Hansen, ' Honolulu " and
Makawell. ¦ • . • . '..'. / ,--. .-. ¦'..¦¦¦•-,-
Bark' CoallnEa/'Gunderson,; Bristol .Bay. ¦
/Bark. Will W,' Chase, -Anderson,". BristoriBay*
Schr i Mary ' C.( Camobell. '- : Bodega. ¦ ¦ ¦ > ¦ '¦-. • •'.'
;: Schr," Eureka, Schow, , Eureka.'.- » '.¦ .'
Schr San Buenaventura; : Halenber&, ! Umpaua
Klver. ; ¦"•.'•;.¦ .:;¦¦'¦>-..' v •/'-'*¦ " ,,
Schr Mildred, Kindlin, Ballard. .
Salmon Fleet Moving.
. The barks WUl-'W. Case and Coallnga sailed
yesterday -for Bristol Bay with cannery sup
plies and laborers on' board. The' ship Santa
Clara cleared for Karluk on Wednesday and
will probably set away to-day. -The ships M.'
p. Grace and Indiana cleared yesterday for
Bristol Bay. The schooner May and Ida and
the barkentlne City Of Papeete cleared yester
day for a podflshtng cruise. . ,
Forced Into the Army.
Cablnboy Rosmania and llessboy Francisco
Graw, both- Colombians, employed by : the
steamship Acapulco." got' shore leave at Pa
nama and failed to return to the ship. Thu
officers of the Acapuli.-o were informed in
answer to inquiries that the youngsters had
been gathered in by the authorities and placed
In the Colombian army.
Everett Makes- Quick .Trip.
The schooner' J. . D. , Everett, which, arrived
yesterday at • Victoria, " 64 " days ' from Manila,
has made a remarkably fast trip Jn. compari
«on with the time occupied on the voyaire ; by
other vessels.: The Sam Bkolficld II is now out
119' days from -Manlla-and the: Ellen A: Reed
left Manila, for Victoria 112 - days ' ago- and
has not yet arrived.
Acapulco From Panama. \
The Pacific Mail Bteamshlp Acapulco arrived
ycfterday from Panama and way ports. She
brought a large cargo which included $05,450
In treasure. Among the passengers was r Rev.
F A Munoz a priest from' Guatemala.' Munoz
has been taking an active part In the political
affairs of the southern republic and President
Cabrera ordered him out of the country.
Twenty- two Chinese came up on the Acapulco.
They are on their way to Hongkong. Among
the passengers were: Cairnes Candy, Rev. II.
Coll'-ns, Leonard Carpenter. Mrs. E^H. Rets
loff, Newman Wolff, Alfredo Horn.. Rev. F. A.
Munoz. Bakhlshik Singh, Gordit faingh and
Gordit* Singh II. , > > '¦¦
United ..States ' Coast 5 and Geodetic Survey—
: '; Times,: and/ Heights ¦ of :- High and^Low
Waters.' at Fort * Point, -entrance to. San
.,' Francisco Bay: , Published- by official au
- - -thorlty ' of the Superintendent. ; '• • ' :
. NOTb — The hlgh'.and view-waters . occur at
the ', city.ifront (Mission-street: : wharf) .: about
twenty-flve; minutes later (than, at Fort, Point;
, the height of ¦ tide Is the same; at both places.
Sun,*- Moon" and • Tide.
FROM SEATTLE.
The . Sierra^s Cargo.
The steamer-' Sierra, which ' sailed yesterday
for Sydney and way - ports, carried . merchan
dise for Australia, valued at $S7,010; New Zea
land, $36,288; Samoan Islands, $7828; FIJI Isl
ands, $594; South Africa. $8282. In addition
to the merchandise cargo the steamer carried
a shipment . of treasure . consisting of $3000 'in
Mexican dollars destined for. Suva, FIJI'Isl
ands. The following were the principal'mer
chandise exports:. . •/ :
To Australia — 36.731 lbs alfalfa seed; 252 lbs
bread, 4:1 cs boots and 'shoes, 100,474 lbs coffee,
ti cs coal oil, 1552 cs canned goods. 1 7575 . lbs
dried fruit, 5 pkgs dry goods, 140 pkgs drugs,
2370 doors, <i pkgs electrical supplies, • 82, pkga
groceries .and provisions," 101 pkgs hardware,' 15
bdls . hose, 2103 gals lubricating oil, .- 29 pkgs
leather, £000 ft lumber, 491 pkgs metal polish,
3S05 .lbs - meals, 35 ; pkgs i machinery, ..220 ; rolls
newspaper, :75 bales overalls. 27 pkgs. paint, ' oS
crs paper. -119 coils rope, 200 lbs rice.- 2 cs
rubber . goods, 1050 cs . rolled - oats,*- • 1338 " lbs
shrimps, 10 cs syrup, 200 lbs sugar, 50 cs sal
mon. 40 bdls shooks, 9 pkgs sewing machines.
205 pkgs white lead, 543 gain whisky, 719 gals
whale oil. ' ¦¦ ¦ ; ;¦ . ¦ .: .» ¦
To New Zealand— 15, GS5 lbs dried fruit, 5700
lbs coffee, 10 cs . boots and shoes, 4 cs bicycles
aria sundries, 150 lbs cheese, 400 lbs chocolate,
582 cs canned goods, 5 cs dry ', goods. 25 cs
dr;ugs, 602 bbls. flour, 10, pkgs -groceries ; ami
provisions, 17 ¦ pkgs hardware; 821 lbs hops,' _'0 I J
pkgs metal- polish. Hi pkgs leather, 1300 lbs :J
cs- mlllstuffs, 170 pkgs machinery, : 108 bdls
news paper, . 17 bales overalls, 350 cs rolled oats,
26,880 lbs raisins. . 13 cs rubber goods, 140 cs
canned salmon, 34 pkgs sewing machines, 2.cs
>eyrup, 50 gals wine, 50 cs whisky. , ¦-.
V To Samoari Islands— 38 bbls. flour.l 147 cj
canned goods, 260 cs canned salmon, 13 pkgs
ealt salmon, 10,462 ft lumber, 21 cs" coal, oil,
2032 lbs bread,; 877 pkgs naval stores, 300 lbs
dried fruit, 240 lbs lard, 115 pkgs groceries and
provisions, 10 pkgs mlllwork, 4 pkgs dry goods,
8 bdls oars, 81 gals wine, 31 cs whisky, ¦- 16
pkgs hardware, 6 bales twine, -3 pkgs bicycles.
'To FIJI Islands — CO cs canned goods,' 290 lbs
dried fruit, 30 cs. .canned salmon, 1 cu dry goods,"
4 . cyls ammonia, ' 5 pkgs groceries and ': provi
sions. V- ¦ , ¦¦' '•' .; "¦ ¦¦¦--. . . • ' ¦ ¦ . ¦-' i '
.To South Africa— 20.C25: lbs dried ¦ fruit, 600
cs canned salmon, 1277 cs canned fruit, 2500 ft
lumber. ' ¦ : - .
Wheat for Europe.
TheBritlsh' bark Inverlyori was cleared yes
terday for Queenstown, for orders, with 52,500
ctls wheat, valued at $55,173, and 20,39tJ feet
of lumber as dunnage, valued at $326. ¦ •
/ NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Matters of" Interest to : Mariners "and
, Shipping Merchants.
The bark Sonoma is chartered for lumber on
Puget S_ound for Sydney at 3Ss 9d, with option
of Melbourne or Adelaide, 45s; chartered prior
to arrival. . . ' ¦ * • • -..
Tlie bark St. 'Katherlne loads merchandise
here' for Hilo. . ¦ . , -
The British steamer Queen. Mary, now at
Victoria, has -accepted a time charter at 7s. -
Visitors on Wisconsin.
Visitors will be allowed on board the battle
ship Wlsconeln to-morrow and Sunday after
noons. . • •: . -• . :. ¦-• ¦
THE Oceanic Steamship Company's
Sierra sailed promptly at 10
o'clock yesterday, morning with a
full complement of passengers for
Honolulu and Australia. She had
all the freight she could cary. Among the
passengers were many people of promi
nence and a. large crowd gathered at the
dock to see the big liner start on her long
voyage. Mrs. J. D. Spreckels and Mrs.
Jane L». Stanford were passengers ¦ on the
Sierra. They are both going to Honolulu
to visit friends.
The passengers were:
For Honolulu— F. Albright. William Alfs,
Mrs. Lorrin Andrews, infant and maid, Mrs.
Appleman and child. Mrs. E. J. Barrett. Miss
B. Berner Mrs. E. Bishop. Miss C. Bishop,
Cfcarles Breed, Mrs. Breed. J. Buck. . J. B.
Castle. J. F. Clyne, J. F. CofTey. J. K. Far
ley. Mrs. S. Forman, Charles Helm, Mrs
Helm. Mrs. G. S. O'Nell, Miss A. Porter. W.
\\* Randall. J. B. Renny. Mlas M. M. Rlcker.
Mice E. Schmidt, A. F. Scheidecker. Mrs.
Scheidecker, Miss Helm, H. Herier. H. John
son H. P. Jones, J. B. Kenny. J. L. Koster.
Mrs. P. L»wis, Miss Lewis. Mrs. "C. J. Mc-
Carthy and two children, Miss I. McCarthy,
Miss L McCarthy. Miss P. McCarthy. Mrs.
J. H. MacPherson and child. G. E. Moore.
Mrn. Moore W. F. Morrison, I. Munroe, Mrs.
My«*rs. H 'Slater, Mrs. C. R. Spllvalo, Miss
Splivalo, Mrs.' J.-D. Spreckel3 and maid, Mrs.
Jane L Stanford maid and valet, J. N.-Wal
llnpford, R. E. Wallingford, P. W. Wobber,
Edward Campjie. Mrs. H. Culman, James
Dotld Mlf=s Farmer. W. L. Henkels, Hans
Johrson, J. T. Jury. E. W. Lanklns. H. C.
Ix>chner, John Makowskl, E. Peck, Mrs.
P. F. Peck, Miss R. Peck. C. A. Rose. Gordon
Stewart, J. T. Thomson, Mrs. Thomson, H. T.
Wilson. •
For Pago Pago — A. Spemann. F. Kunkler.
For Auckland — Mrs. E. Kennedy. H. Hen
drlckson. Constant Trueson.
For Sydney — C. S. Adams. D. Alwyn. J.
Blakely, Mrs. M. B. Braden. S. Burney. Paul
Cinouevalll, Mrs. Cincuevalll and child. O.
Harris. Mrs Harris. W. J. Hoyt. Mrs. Hoyt.
R. H. Kile. M. Marwede, J. C. Palmer, Mrs.
H. L. Read and two children. O..L. Reming
ton Professor J. D. Towar, Mrs.; To war and
child John Wagner, H. Walters, Mrs. Wal
ters E Ware, C. C. Wheelwright, R. S.
¦Wood Walter Burford,- A. P. Chapman. Ed
mund Cragun. Richard Drew, M. Duhig, L.
C Fcrr, Mies E. Fidlcr. J. Geiger. Miss • R.
Loessel. John Maxwe.ll. Mrs. E. H. Page and
rhild Mrr. J. G. Pascoe and child. R. L. Rob
bins 'Mrs H Schott, Miss Schott. J. T. Shll
lington. R. E. Shlllington. J. B. Stephenson,
Mrs. D. Sullivan, William Telford.
Join at Honolulu for Sydney — C. I. Loeb.
Fouls the . Cable.
The steam schooner North I Fork fouled the
Postal Telegraph Company's .cable. - yesterday
afternoon and the services of a tow boat ¦ had
to be called In to set her clear.
SPOKEN.
__ March ' 23, • lat 10 \ N, Ion" 28 W— Fr bark
Emile Galllne, from ' Swansea, for San Fran
cls;o. . ¦.:.-'¦.,•¦ ¦.....-- -
TELEGRAPHIC.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
g POINT LOBOS, April 10, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind NW, velocity 2S miles- per hour.
EASTERN. PORT."
¦•¦ COOS BAY— Arrived 'April 10— Schr Falcon,
°, m » San Pedro;. schr Webfoot, hence April 3;
_ SAN , DIEGO— Arrived April 10— H B M stmr
Shearwater, -for Esquimau. ¦
Sailed April 10— Stmr Fulton,
for San Francisco. ¦ ¦ : r
¦> VENTURA— Arrjved April 10— Bar«re Santa
Paula, in tow tug Rescue, hence April 8, and
sailed for. San Francisco. . '
EUREKA— Arrived i April 10— Bark Hollis
woodj • for Callao. -¦¦ -
: Arrived April 10— Stmr Ruth, hence April S;
stmr • Eureka. = hence April • 0.
SAN PEDRO — Arrived April 10— Stmr Se
quoia., from Grays Harbor; stmr Santa Monica,
hence April 8. " , - - - - . P-
Sailed April 10— Schr Ruth E Godfrey, for
Port Townsend. . , .. . .-
OL.YMPIA— Arrived April 10— Bark Vidette,
from San : Pedro. ; ¦ »¦; ' • *», '
PORT . HADLOCK— Arrived ¦ April : 10— Schr
Roy , Somers.1 fromiSah "Pedro"; stmr Melvltt*
Dollar,- from Seattle.; •¦¦¦.•¦;¦.•.; : [^vt--"-
Arrived Aoril 10— Bktn J M Griffith, from
Santa Rosalia. i •• ¦•>¦- ¦¦••¦ -¦-¦¦-
PORT LUDLOW— Arrived , Aarll 10 — Schr
Ida;Schnauei% from Port Gamble.
ASTORIA— Sailed ADril ]«^-Stmr" Acme/ for
San- Pedro; Aus Etmr; Maria, for Vladivostok.
April &— Schr Novelty,' for San- Francisco. -¦
Arrived April 10— Stmr. Geo.W Elder, hence
April. .S.'-. .- *¦; .•*. .'• ,\ ¦;. •-. ' . . ' ¦¦.: ¦;.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed April 10— Schr
Sophie Chrl3tensen, for San Francisco.
Arrived April 10 — Schr Orient, hence April 1.
BALLARD — Arrived April 10— Schr Albert
Meyer, hence March 30. . • ¦¦•.',
SOUTH BEND — Arrived April 10— Schr
Churchill. - hence March 27. , -• ' .- •
I ' SEATTLE — Sailed Aoril 0 — Stmr Progreso.
for^.San Francisco. April 10— Stmr 'Al-Ki; for
Skarway; stmr Dolphin, for Skasway; stmr
Elihu Thomson,- for Va!dez. r.i
Arrived, April 0— Stmr St Paul,. hence Apr 0.
TACOMA-^Arrived April 10-^Stmr: Victoria,
from ;HDnrkong; - stmr Al-Ki, % from Alaska;
stmr' Umatllla.- hence. April 6; ' schr ( Marlon,
hence April 2: schr Luzon, from San Pedro:
PORT TOWNSEND—^Passed Inward April
10 — Stmr 'Victoria,, from Hongkong, for Se
attle; echr Marie- E Smith,- hence April 2.' t
Arrived April 10— Bktn J M Griffith, from
Santa' RoFal la. ..:•¦• . .'. . ..
. PORT GAMBLE— Sailed April 10— Schr Rob
ert Searles. for Sati . Francisco; schr Idu
Schnauer,,for Port Ludlow.' '.,..•'
-¦ NEAH BAY— Passed out . April 10— Schr
Susie. MPlumer. from 'Port Blakeley; for San
Pedro: bktn Newsboy, from Port- Bfakeley. for
Sydney; ."achr Defiance, from Falrhaven, for
San Francisco; schr Robert lowers, from Port
Gamble, for Honolulu; ship America, from Se
attle, for Uyak; stmr Progreso,' from Seattle,
for : San . Francisco. ;" : ¦¦ : / •"¦-
NEW YORK— Arrived April 10— Stmr Ad
vance, > from Colon.- . ' -
Sailed <Ar>rll 10— Br etmr Inverlc, for Ma
nila and Hongkong, i . ¦
¦-: FOREIGN PORTS. ' .
MAZATLAN — Sailed AdWI 0— Ger stmr
Neko. 'for San Francisco, y * ', •¦'.-¦¦
' CALLAO — Sailed - April ' 7— Ger Ftmr Serapl?
for San FranclSTO.-t , . -•
VICTORIA— Arrived Apfll 10— Br ship J r>
Everett, from Manila. ¦ . . :¦ ..
, PERIM— Passed April 8— Br stmr Queen
Adelaide," from- Tacoma. . .
-BIRKENHEAD— Arrived April S— Br ship
Largiemore, : hence. Dec 18. ¦ ' . :¦
,": QUEENSTOWN— Arrived -April Fr. bark
Brlen; from Oregon. •'¦ •• . ¦ - - \ ¦ ¦
. • SALERNO — Arrived Aoril 5-i-Br stmr . Ar
gyll.-from Oregon, for United Kingdom.; .
SHANGHAI — Arrived Ar>rll 7— Br^ stmr In
drasamah, from' Manila.', etc, for Oregon. •
..YOKOHAMA— Arrived April 7— Br ctmr E->
press of India, •¦ from Vancouver.' ,
NANAIMO— Sailed April, 10— Stmr San Ma
teo,-for San Francisco. '¦•'.'¦ ¦. ¦
VANCOUVER,-; BiC— Sailed April 0— Schi
Forester,' for .Denman- Island. • ..."¦ '. ¦ . v
¦: Arrived April 0 — Br stmr, Queen Mary, fro.n
Java,, via ..Victoria ;•... -_¦.. a - .. . .
OCEAN STEAMERS.
• NEW - YORK — Arrived Aurll :>10 — Stmr
Deutschland.-from Hamburg,' Southampton and
Cherbourg. ;.,-.;. .,.•.¦•-•<¦... ..
: - Sailed Aarii ; 10— Stmr. Auguste Victoria^ for
Hamburg, .via Plymouth ' and 'i Cherbourg; stmr
L'Aqultaine/ror Havre; stmr Brandenburg, for
Bremen.-' ;-•-.¦ ..>.;.• -,,.•¦¦ • ¦
LIVKRPOOL-^-Arrlved .Aiirll 10-^Stmr . Iver
nia. from . Boston. - . :• . • -.--.
",,GENOA— Arrived A D rlI 10— Stmr Kaiserin
Maria Theresa, from New York,. via Naples .'¦
-j' HAVRE- Arrived April": 10-^Stmr La Savole,
from -New York.'. . .." ¦ . .:....-,
-; GLASGOW— Sailed April i0-^-StmrV Siberian!
for Philadelphia: / j^,- ; ..*•'-.. .
-. '¦ QUEENSTOWN— Sailed April 10— Stmr Teu
tonic, q for ¦ New. York ; g stmr ,. Belgenland, for.
Philadelphia;. both from* Liverpool.-:-* •••¦*.•• -
;>, LONDON— Sailed „- April ¦; 10— Stmr Minne
apolis,' f or ' New : York: ' • -. ; ' ¦ . • .: ".
at S70 Folsom street, was struck yesterday by
a sling loaded with sacked grain ami fxtei.
eively damaged. Ha is at the Harbor Hospi
tal under observation. He sustained. .. -i tnic
ture of the nose, f rac:ure of the left thigh, *
lacerated wound on the scaln and is suffering
from concussion of the brain. ¦
CHARRED HULK OF THE BURNED BRITISH ¦} SHIP AS IT.'AP
PEARED WHEN SIGHTED BY. THE' .-BARKENTINE - ;G. . >C> PERKINS
TWO DAYS AFTER THE DOOMED VESSEL. WAS ABANDONED.
¦ \ The tug Relief returned last night after hav
ing cruised 200 miles in search: of the British
ship j Frankistan. ( , The tug . left port | Monday
and cruised about in the probable path cf the
burning ship, sailing fifty miles farther west
ward than where the vessel was last seen. The
Relief's' captain. ¦ reports . heavy ' seas and ex
presses the belief that the Frankistan fillet!
and went down. : ¦, ¦ ;•.-, ¦. '.
Vain Search for Frankistan.
"The Time Ball on the tower 'of ¦ the . Ferry
oullding was dropped exactly at noon to-day,'
1. e.; at noon of the . 120th meridian, or at S
p. m., Greenwich mean time.- ':-..•
¦ j.W." H. BTANDLET, ,
Lieutenant. U. S. . N.,~-ln charge. :
Branch --Hydrographic ¦ Office, U. S. . N.," Mer
i 'chants' -. Exchange, San Francisco, .Cat..
April 10, 1902. • ,'. ._..-..•
Time Ball.
. Steamer; Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
•The. one hundred and seventy-five Chi
nese immigrants confined -by. the steam-,
ship companies: In the detention shed 1 on
the Mail dock have ' entered ' into a' con
spiracyto make a break for liberty, next
Tuesday, when the Hongkong ] Maru sails
for China. ; A few, weeks ago they made
an attack upon^ several'- Customs Inspec
tors and were clubbed Into submission.
An -Chinese ' immigrant
informed' Larry" Brannlgan ; • Night
Watchman Wasley that' the Chinese were
desperate,, most of them having been con
fined > in i ;the ; detention; 'shed ¦ for nine
months av.'aiting; the decision'of the, Su
preme: Court, on their' appeals ' from 'the
action 1 of the Customs Collector! refusing
them a landing. .The Chinaman said fur
ther that they had: petitioned their, agents
in China- and 'the officials of ,the \steam
ship' company ; to send them, home again;
as they j were " sick and tired of their im
prisonment in the detention' shed, and
that if they were not' placed - on -board
the p Hongkong Maru ' next Tuesday they
would batter down the doors and i make
a break for liberty. Captain Anderson
of the Mail dock has been notified of the
plot:
given- Is subtracted from the, ¦ depth, given by
the charts. The plane, of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters. • - .
Ninth Moon of Waiting,
fr Liberty.
~^ ; 1 .3fi£
Some of Them Are in the f
Plot to Batter Down the
\; Petention Shed and
It scape. »
PENNED CHINESE
GROW DISPERATE
CHINESE TURNS
TO BURGLARY
a Jimmy and Is
Captured.
Breaks Into Room With
his arm and closely followed by another
Chinese, who yelled to the officers that he
•was chasing- a thief. Tillman ran after
the fleeing Chinese through Church alley
and Tyrrell ran through Ross alley to
head him off. They caught him In Stable
place after an exciting chase.
When searched he had a jimmy,. a
Bcrewdriver and a bunch of skeleton .keys
In his pockets and the bundle he carried
contained an alarm clock and a suit of
silk underwear, which L»eong . Yip, the
Chinese who was in pursuit, said had
been stolen from his room.
Ng Ah Won was taken back to S23
Washington street, where it was found
that he had forced off the lock of the
door of Leong Yip's room with the jimmy
and had stolen a cash box contain
ing $4, four opium pipes, a quantity of
opium, a. razor and chopsticks which he
had hidden in the toilet off the passage
way. He had taken the alarm clock and
underwear with him. I^eong Yip sur
prised him as he was coming out of the
toilet and started in pursuit.
The officers say that other burglaries
have been committed recently in China
town and they are satisfied that Ng Ah
Won is the culprit. He is not known as
an ex-convict. •.--".-
A Chinese burglar Is a rarity in police
annals, but on© was chased and captured
yesterday afternoon by Policemen Tlll
raar. and Tyrrell of the Chinatown squad
and booked at the City Prison. He Is
known as Kg Ah Won.
Shortly after 3 o'clock Tillman and Tyr
rell saw a Chinese running out of 823
Washington street with a bundle under
Police Find He Is Equipped
With All Necessary
Implements.
LARGE AUDIENCE AGAIN
GREETS CHORAL SOCIETY
The object of the entertainment was to
raise money for the erection of a new
parochial residence for the clergy • of St.
Patrick's Church, and as on both nights
the hall was packed to the very door a
satisfactory sum was realized. Father
Cummins, pastor of the church, is very
thankful for the manner in which the
people assisted in making- the affair a
complete success 1 .
Native Sons' Hall was again crowded
to the doors last night at the second pre
sentation of Gilbert and Sullivan's comic
operetta. "Patience," by St Patrick's
Choral Society. All the" stars who dis
tinguished themselves on the first per
formance were at their best last night
and sustained their roles In the most com
mendable manner. Miss Etta "Welsh In
the role of Patience, Miss Sullivan as
Lady June. Miss Byrnes as Angela, Miss
Hausmann as Ella and Miss Anthony as
Saphir. all ¦vron applause by the clever
manner in which they interpreted their
parts. In fact there was not a single
member of the cast who did not cover
himself with glory.
Second Triumph, in Presenta
tion of "Patience."
St. Patrick's Young Singers Score
- - • /•-¦•-.- .,• - .:• - ................
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAIX, FRIDAY, APBIi; 11, 1902^
Big Liner Leaves Promptly ari*j&^
People in Her Cabin, and All the Freight; She Can Garry ; in Her
Hold — The Pacific Mail Steam Acapulco ; 'Arrives
SIERRA STARTS FOR THE ANTIPODES
WITH MANY PASSENGERS ON BOARD
10
L3/
14;
.5 .
Time ¦->¦.,. Time : ITlme - Time
2:26 ,5.1 0:31 -0.0 <4:50 4:5 t0:30 3C
.3:31 ,4.9 10:39 .-0.2 5:58 : ; 4.« 11:00 3.1
4:42 ;.:4.7 11:43 > 0.4 .6:53 i 4.8 ::.:. -
l: w . hw C:-:- l.w \ h,w ,'l'.'
0:17 2.9 6:04 , 4.5 12:42 0.6 <.7:45 -5f
;1:23 .02.6 ,7:22| -4.e| 1:3S ;0.8 8:31 r 53
.6
.7.
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Argo........ Ferndale & Eil River.. Apr.- 11
Brunswick. . . San Pedro .'..¦. ; . . . Apr. 11
Arctic.......' Humboldt ...'... .^ ...... Apr. 11
K. Dollar.. . . San Pedro ....:.... Apr. 11
Czarira. .". ... Seattle & Tacoma. . .. . . Apr." 11
Fulton. ......' Hueneme ............... Apr. 12
O. Llndauer.. Grays ' Harbor ......... Apr: 12
Corcnado .... Grays Harbor ......... Apr. ¦ ] 2
Eureka...... Humboldt .......... Apr. 12
Rainier...... Soattle & Whatcom .... Apr: 12
Queen.:..:.. Puget Sound Ports .\... Apr.' 12
Phoenix.:.... Mendoclno ' City • Apr.: 12
Derpatch.... San Pedro ..*....... Apr. 12
Newburg... . Grays Harbor ......... Apr. 12
Folmlna Xanalmo Apr. 1.'5
San Mnteo — Xanalmo .... «^ ......... Apr.'. 13
Progreso . Seattle ,". .". V. Apr. 13
Neko. .....".. Hamburg? via West Coast Apr.; 13
J. S. KImball Seattle &'. Tacoma. .¦..:. Apr.. 13
State of Cal . . San Diego & Way Ports Apr. 13
Santa Cruz. . Newport & Way Ports.. Apr. 13
Santa Monica San Pedro .......'..... :|Apr.' 14
S Barbara... Grays Harbor .¦..r..v... Apr. 11
Pomona.....'. Humboldt ./.... 7. .....: Apr. 15
Alameda..... Honolulu Apr. 15
China. .:..... China & Japan... Apr. 15
a. XV. Klder.. Portland & Astoria.... Apr.- 15
Victoria. . . . . Oyster I Harbor ...... Apr. 15
Coos Bay. San Pedro & Way Ports. Apr. 17
Umatilla. . . . Puget Sound Ports. . . .\ Apr. 17
Bpokane... .. San Diego & Way Ports Apr. 17
Point Arena.. Point -Arena Apr. 17.
Lakmc. ..:.".. Portland & Astoria..:. Apr. 17,
San Juan..".. Panama & Way Ports.. Apr.18
Mandalay...' Coqullle River ........ Apr. "18
North Fork.. Humboldt- ....;.......$. Apr. 19
Columbia.... Portland & Astoria.'.:. Apr. 20
Sonoma....:. Sydney & Way Ports... Apr. 21
Steamer.
Destination. I Sails. I Pier.
Destination.
Sails.
¦ ¦
Erunswick.
Argo.'......
fcanta Ana.
Empire....
Colombia: .
City Puebla
Despatch. .
fomoDE....
Pt. Arena..
Coos Bay..
Alliance..:
Spokane.*..
North Fork.
Columbia.'.
Phoenix..^ .
Arctic..'. ..
G.C.Lind'er
Corciiado..
S. Mcnlca.\
H. K. Maru
Czarina....
April 11. r J
Humboldt ......... 10 am Pier 28
Ferndale & Eel Rlv. 4 pm|Pler 2
Seattl" & lacoma. .|1<> um.r'ier -
Coos Bay ..%....:. . |10 am|Pier,13
Valparaiso A Way.iU imrtirju
Pucet Sound Ports. 11 amfPler 9
April 12. I
Seattle & Falrhaven 5 pm|Pler 16
Humboldt . ......... l:3u p|Fler u
Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
San Fedro & Way. ii am Pier 11
April 13.
Portland & Way Pts 10 am Pier 10
San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier "11
Humbolut. .:.... ..U » ain.l'ler 2
Astoria & Portland. 1 11" am I Pier 21
I April 14.
Mendoclno City ... 3 pm Pier, 13
Humboldt T . ......... 12 m Pier 13
Humboldt "..:.... .*. 10 am Pier 2
Grays Harbor t« . . Pier —
; April 15. I
Grays Harbor ... i.l'B pmlPier_: 2
Humboldt v . . . . |10 am|Pler 1 2
China & Japan ;l l'.pm|PMSS
Seattle & Tacoma. .. 10 amlPier 8
April io. ;;'• • I
San Diego & Way.. 0 am|Pler 11
Newport ft.Way Pts n amlPier 11
Puset Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
Seattle'& N. "What. 5 pm Pier : 2
April 17. *
Coos Bay & Pt Orfd 10 am Pier 13
Grays Harbor ..... 5 pm Pier '£
Seattle & Tacoma.. 10 am Pier . 2
April 18. -
Astoria • & • Portland It -am Pior 24
Panama & Way Pts 12 m PMS3 .
April 1».V •
Honolulu t, .... .. .'. . 2 pm Pier- 7
Nome via Seattle... .'..... Pier- —
•- r April- 2O.v ;:. . .¦ .; ¦---".
Astoria &• Portland ...... Pier —
Puget \ Sound Ports; U am Pier . 9
Coqullle | River | . .'. . 4 pm Pier, { 2
State Cal..
Santa Cru^.
Queen.....
Rainier....
Arcata... ..
Ne^'burg..
J.S.Kimb'll
O. Elder. .:
Acapulco...
Alameda. . .
Portland. ..
Lakme.. . .'.
TJmatllla...|
Mandalay. ;. |
Steamer.
For.
Sails.
Dirlgo.V.V. . . Skaaway T& -"Way. Ports.lApr. 1!
Humboldt... . Skagway & Way Ports. |Apr.-l
Bertha. ... . . Cooks Inlet' & \v*ay Pta. Apr. II
Santa Ana... Cooks ; Inlet .& Way Pts. Apr. 11
Cottagra City. Skaeway & r Way- Ports. I Apr. • 1!
City Seattle:; Skagway & "Way .Ports. {Apr. \Y>
City of Topekf Skagway & Way. Ports . Apr.' 21
Farallon ..... Skagway & Way Ports. Apr. " 2i
Noraw City. V . Nome ¦ direct ". .'. '.'.:'. ...: Apr. : 2
Jeanle::v. J .V. Nome direct.".".'.*. ;....'. Apr.;2-
Excelsior....' Cooks Inlet & Way. Pts. Apr. 2i
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Argo........ Ferndale & Eil River.. Apr.- 11
Brunswick. . . San Pedro .'..¦. ; . . . Apr. 11
Arctic.......' Humboldt ...'... .^ ...... Apr. 11
K. Dollar.. . . San Pedro ....:.... Apr. 11
Czarira. .". ... Seattle & Tacoma. . .. . . Apr." 11
Fulton. ......' Hueneme ............... Apr. 12
O. Llndauer.. Grays ' Harbor ......... Apr: 12
Corcnado .... Grays Harbor ......... Apr. ¦ ] 2
Eureka...... Humboldt .......... Apr. 12
Rainier...... Soattle & Whatcom .... Apr: 12
Queen.:..:.. Puget Sound Ports .\... Apr.' 12
Phoenix.:.... Mendoclno ' City • Apr.: 12
Derpatch.... San Pedro ..*....... Apr. 12
Newburg... . Grays Harbor ......... Apr. 12
Folmlna Xanalmo Apr. 1.'5
San Mnteo — Xanalmo .... «^ ......... Apr.'. 13
Progreso . Seattle ,". .". V. Apr. 13
Neko. .....".. Hamburg? via West Coast Apr.; 13
J. S. KImball Seattle &'. Tacoma. .¦..:. Apr.. 13
State of Cal . . San Diego & Way Ports Apr. 13
Santa Cruz. . Newport & Way Ports.. Apr. 13
Santa Monica San Pedro .......'..... :|Apr.' 14
S Barbara... Grays Harbor .¦..r..v... Apr. 11
Pomona.....'. Humboldt ./.... 7. .....: Apr. 15
Alameda..... Honolulu Apr. 15
China. .:..... China & Japan... Apr. 15
a. XV. Klder.. Portland & Astoria.... Apr.- 15
Victoria. . . . . Oyster I Harbor ...... Apr. 15
Coos Bay. San Pedro & Way Ports. Apr. 17
Umatilla. . . . Puget Sound Ports. . . .\ Apr. 17
Bpokane... .. San Diego & Way Ports Apr. 17
Point Arena.. Point -Arena Apr. 17.
Lakmc. ..:.".. Portland & Astoria..:. Apr. 17,
San Juan..".. Panama & Way Ports.. Apr.18
Mandalay...' Coqullle River ........ Apr. "18
North Fork.. Humboldt- ....;.......$. Apr. 19
Columbia.... Portland & Astoria.'.:. Apr. 20
Sonoma....:. Sydney & Way Ports... Apr. 21
Steamer.
For.
Sails.
Dirlgo.V.V. . . Skaaway T& -"Way. Ports.lApr. 1!
Humboldt... . Skagway & Way Ports. |Apr.-l
Bertha. ... . . Cooks Inlet' & \v*ay Pta. Apr. II
Santa Ana... Cooks ; Inlet .& Way Pts. Apr. 11
Cottagra City. Skaeway & r Way- Ports. I Apr. • 1!
City Seattle:; Skagway & "Way .Ports. {Apr. \Y>
City of Topekf Skagway & Way. Ports . Apr.' 21
Farallon ..... Skagway & Way Ports. Apr. " 2i
Noraw City. V . Nome ¦ direct ". .'. '.'.:'. ...: Apr. : 2
Jeanle::v. J .V. Nome direct.".".'.*. ;....'. Apr.;2-
Excelsior....' Cooks Inlet & Way. Pts. Apr. 2i
L3/
14;
.5 .
Time ¦->¦.,. Time : ITlme - Time
2:26 ,5.1 0:31 -0.0 <4:50 4:5 t0:30 3C
.3:31 ,4.9 10:39 .-0.2 5:58 : ; 4.« 11:00 3.1
4:42 ;.:4.7 11:43 > 0.4 .6:53 i 4.8 ::.:. -
l: w . hw C:-:- l.w \ h,w ,'l'.'
0:17 2.9 6:04 , 4.5 12:42 0.6 <.7:45 -5f
;1:23 .02.6 ,7:22| -4.e| 1:3S ;0.8 8:31 r 53
.6
.7.
Steamer.
Destination. I Sails. I Pier.
Destination.
Sails.
¦ ¦
Erunswick.
Argo.'......
fcanta Ana.
Empire....
Colombia: .
City Puebla
Despatch. .
fomoDE....
Pt. Arena..
Coos Bay..
Alliance..:
Spokane.*..
North Fork.
Columbia.'.
Phoenix..^ .
Arctic..'. ..
G.C.Lind'er
Corciiado..
S. Mcnlca.\
H. K. Maru
Czarina....
April 11. r J
Humboldt ......... 10 am Pier 28
Ferndale & Eel Rlv. 4 pm|Pler 2
Seattl" & lacoma. .|1<> um.r'ier -
Coos Bay ..%....:. . |10 am|Pier,13
Valparaiso A Way.iU imrtirju
Pucet Sound Ports. 11 amfPler 9
April 12. I
Seattle & Falrhaven 5 pm|Pler 16
Humboldt . ......... l:3u p|Fler u
Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
San Fedro & Way. ii am Pier 11
April 13.
Portland & Way Pts 10 am Pier 10
San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier "11
Humbolut. .:.... ..U » ain.l'ler 2
Astoria & Portland. 1 11" am I Pier 21
I April 14.
Mendoclno City ... 3 pm Pier, 13
Humboldt T . ......... 12 m Pier 13
Humboldt "..:.... .*. 10 am Pier 2
Grays Harbor t« . . Pier —
; April 15. I
Grays Harbor ... i.l'B pmlPier_: 2
Humboldt v . . . . |10 am|Pler 1 2
China & Japan ;l l'.pm|PMSS
Seattle & Tacoma. .. 10 amlPier 8
April io. ;;'• • I
San Diego & Way.. 0 am|Pler 11
Newport ft.Way Pts n amlPier 11
Puset Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
Seattle'& N. "What. 5 pm Pier : 2
April 17. *
Coos Bay & Pt Orfd 10 am Pier 13
Grays Harbor ..... 5 pm Pier '£
Seattle & Tacoma.. 10 am Pier . 2
April 18. -
Astoria • & • Portland It -am Pior 24
Panama & Way Pts 12 m PMS3 .
April 1».V •
Honolulu t, .... .. .'. . 2 pm Pier- 7
Nome via Seattle... .'..... Pier- —
•- r April- 2O.v ;:. . .¦ .; ¦---".
Astoria &• Portland ...... Pier —
Puget \ Sound Ports; U am Pier . 9
Coqullle | River | . .'. . 4 pm Pier, { 2
State Cal..
Santa Cru^.
Queen.....
Rainier....
Arcata... ..
Ne^'burg..
J.S.Kimb'll
O. Elder. .:
Acapulco...
Alameda. . .
Portland. ..
Lakme.. . .'.
TJmatllla...|
Mandalay. ;. |
\ ADV EBTISEMEHTS. _
; When Prof. Mnnyon rays h!s T»yspcp«Jm Car*
I #rill .'cure indi^rstion and all forms | of stomach
trouble he simply tells the trtth. It will care a
\ Itoraach that has been abused by over-eating and
tver-drinkinjf. It will cure a Stomach that has
I been weakened by old-style drags. It will do much
, I toward making an old stomach act li«e a sound one.
; At. all druggist*, *5 cents.- Fifty-six other cures.
Mui-j— n, New Vork and Philadelphia.
muxroipg T *"*LEa cukes catabbh.
€0'\ISJ, X.' HESS, .
j KCTARY PUBLIC AND A7T0SNSY-AT-I.AW. •
Tenth Floor, Room r lblo. Claus Spreckels Bldg.
Telephone Main 983.
Residence, 821 " California st.; below Powell.
P.esldence Telephone. James .1501.'
RAILWAY TRAVEIi.
Santa Fe
Tra ins— Daily.
• Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
, . ,- Local Lim'a uvrl'd Local
r . . ; Daily Dally Dally Dally
Lv.. San Fran. 7:20a 9:00a 8:0Op 4:20p
Ar. Stockton.. 10:lS a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:18 p
" Merced... 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:30 a 0:11 p
" Fresno... 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:15 a 10:50 p
'• Hanford.. 3:12 p 3:27 p S:05a
I" Vlsalla... S:3Op 6:00a ...
". Bakersfld. 6:15 p 6:20 p 7:45 a
•• Kan. City 2:40 a 7:30 a
" Chicago.. .. . 2:15 p »:OO p
( a. lor mut mnx. it ior atternoon.
0:00 a. m. train la - the California Lim-
ited, carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and
- Dining Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car
- runs to . Bakersfleid for accommodation of
, local s first-class passengers. No second-
class tickets, are honored on this train. Cor-
responding .train .arrives at 7:05 a. m. dally.
4:20 p.- m. is Stockton. Mercad and Fresna
local. Corresponding train arrives at 12:30
p.m. daily. . ,
- - 8 p. m. - is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and. Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, ¦ which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding . train ¦ arrives at 6:00 p. m.
daily. . *
7:20 a. m. is Bakersfleid Local, stopping
at all points in San. Joaquln Valley. Cor-
respondirig train arrives' at 8:40 a.m. dally.
' Offices — 641. Market street - and tn Ferry
Depot.' San Francisco; 1112 Broadway.
Oakland. "'¦",- / ' '
The
Pennsylvania
ON TICKETS TO NEW YORK
AND PHILADELPHIA '
10 Bays' Stop-Over
at Washington
.May Be Enjoyed at no Increase in Fare. -
In Addition to Above 10 Days* '
Stop-Over at .Philadelphia Is Also Allowed.
E. M. POMEROT. Acting Agent.
30 MONTGOMERY ST.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
; 'IjSJSSEES
SAN FRANCISCO /AND .NORTH PACIFIC
;¦ . .RAILWAY COMPANY.
TIburon Ferry. Foot of Market St.-
San Francisco' to San Rafasl.
•WEEK DATS — 7:30,-9:00,^11:00 a.' m.; 12:35.
;, S:30.\ 6:10, 6:30. p. m. Thursdays— Extra-
, . trip at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips
«t 1 :60 and 11 :30 p. m.
SUNDATS— 8:00. 9:30, 11:00 a.. m.; 1:30. 3:3t.
6:00. 0:20 p. m. •: ; , ¦
;'i.\ t'aa Kniae! tr> f an Franclsso.
WEEK ; DATS— 8 :10, ; 7 :60. . 9 :20, • 11 :10 a. m. ;
.--.; 12 :45,>' 3:40, -.6:13 p. m. Saturdays — Extra'
trips at 1:53 and C:3S p. m. , , •_ ¦
SUNDATS— 8:10. 9:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:10. 3:40.
6:05,6:25 p. m.- - , - - ..
7, Leave ..'- I *In "Effect - J'V-. Arrive ¦
San Francisco. |Apr. 23, 1001 [ San FrancUco.
Week . I Sun- I . ; I Sun- I Week
, Days. I : days. | Destination | days.' ', | . Days.
.,7:30am 8:00am Novato.* . 10:40am| 8:40am'
8 :30pm 9:30am Petaluma, . 6:03pmll0:23an»
,6:10pm 6:00pm Santa Rosa. 7 :35pm| 8:20pm
¦¦ :-: :.-.-, . ' . :¦ Fulton; : - -¦ ,¦...,-,
7:30am ' . 'Windsor, : ' lQ-25am
- . 6:00pm Healdsburg, 10:40am -\
. . ' •"-Lytton, , >
¦" ' . • .'; .Geyserville, *.,-:.:
8:30pm 8:00am Cloverdale, 7:35pm 6:20pm
7:30am B:00pm Hopland 10:40am 10:25am
3:30pm 8:00am and Uklah. 7:35pm 8:20pm
: 7:30am ¦¦¦¦i - ¦ ...;-¦ - 10:4<lam 10:25am
. .-s*iy 8:00am GuernevlUe. 7:36pm -
3:30pm 6:00pm .'-'••. -. « :¦ ' .- ,: ¦ 8:20pm
7:30am S :00am Sonoma S :13am 8:40am
'-¦¦•-' ' ¦-¦• :'.¦ : ' ¦ '¦ and ¦ " • -¦ > .. - '
:6:10pm 6:00pm Glen Ellen. 6:05pin 6:20pm
7:30am|.8:00am) ~ ]10:40amll0:25am'
3:30pm[ 5: 00pm [ Sebastopol. [ 7:3apm| 6:20pm'.
Stages connect at Santa. Rosa for Mark West .
Springs and .White Sulphur. Springs; at Fulton
tor Altruria; at Lytton forLytton Springs; at
Geyserville for Skagga Springs; at ; Cloverdal*
for ' the^ Geysers ; at? .Hopland v for Duncan
Springs, . Highland 8prlngs. Kelseyvllle. Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay. -lAkeport and Bartlatt
Springs ; at Uktah for Vichy, Springs. Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs. X-pper Lake. Pomo, > Potter Valley,
John Day's, Riverside. Llerley's Buckneil's .
Sanhedrin Heights. Hullvllle.- Orr*s Hot Springs
Mendoclno City. Fort Bragg. ' . Westport, Usal'
Wllllts, ' Laytonville. i Cummins. ; Bell" a . Springs.
Harris, Olsen's.* Dyer -Scotia "and -Eureka. .
fiaturday to Monday round-trip tickets at r«-
duced rates., , , /¦:.¦¦ ¦¦ ¦
«.- On j Sundays round-trip ' tickets to all polnU
beyond : San ; Rafael at half ra tes. ¦
• : Ticket office, 650 Market street. - Chronicle
building. **.: -•-••-. . a -.-¦ : -j ......
¦>H.'C.- -WHITING.' ¦•: . R. X. RTAN. '
.. ; Gen Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt,
'^^^^®A<<<^^^H^ T P° s lt' ve l>' cure
\ ' ' >every., ailment ;pe-
fv '^EfiMf ., 'cullar^to.men.'- 'I
, {^^ Vffip»*y ¦> r, r do , not : merely, re- '
t;/r>'S' i ¦" f ., 7-\_ ¦ ' Ileve- --temporarily,
/A -I ; 'A l' *;but:: cure-, soundly
r •'/. N,. : I ¦i\/4\ V ' an(^ permanently.
•'A l^JLcaSfif^A' V - My.unequaled suc-
¦jf .V^V'^/C t~" ; cess -in i curing-. Is
.;¦ , ,- ' \ '*. ym,~i ". ¦»:¦' due to: the-'orlsi-:
; .; ' ¦ fw .-•;> • nal, ' . distinctive
f> 7- TfiKTW'M -n - and, thoroughly
Ot ?- J P^^ ¦ *^-P; . scientific .: methoda
. 1^ employ; •;'- ..
."¦r. ; .. C W eak nc3S .
- Functional; weakness : In men'is in. reality
;a comparatively; simple ailment.', and > is. but',
a symptom of local disorder, usually a state
; of :., chronic T ; inflammation i in ¦ the ¦<; > prostate '
: gland.S No stimulating -treatment, whether •
. Internal ; or ,-• locally^; applied, •/ can do .more.
; than % excite ¦, temporary . activity. : % By <s, my
:, pystem J of ¦, local x treatment j I ', restore v abso-
j lutelyj normal", conditions : throughout • * the'
s organs i Involved,' which ¦ promptly - results . in <
• complete * and : . permanent * : restoration' of
j strength i and t vigor. 5 ,.i This : treatment-^' is
original .with ' me, .: and « Is the only .' radical
: and certain'- cure yet: devised; ¦",¦.;.'-'-¦ ¦ ;
;,'¦ :••¦ My * pamphlet,". V'Llve : all; your Vyears ' a :
¦ man,'.'"- will -: be i mailed ;. free •! upon : request.
j Consultation free at: office or, by mail. * ; ;- i
1 049 1 Market Street;^ . ;
Diagonally Opposite Hlbernia,Uank.',,^
¦•-,; RAILWAY TRAVE1*
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
, Traiiu te»vn and are due to arrive at
sAX FKASClsCO.
(Main Line, Foot of MTfcet Street )
Lbatk — , From Mabch 30, 1902. — akkit»
7.00a Beulcla, Sulanu, Elnilra and Sacra-
E«cnto .•........•...*••• ••••••• 6«5aJP
7.00a Vacuville. TTlntern. Kumsey 7.55*
.7.30* Martinez. S«n Ramon. Vallejo, ¦_
Nupo, CallBtoga, Santa Kosa. 6.?5»
800* Datls, Woodland, Knlghta LandlDg; --•"
MarysTllle, Orovllle 7-55?
8.00a Atlantic Kxpres»-OfftleD and Eaat. 8.25a
8.00a NUes, Lathrop, Stockton...... 7.25*
8-OOa N'iles. Mcndota, Hanfonl. Visalla,
. . Portervllle 455#
i ' 8-30 a Shasta Express— Davis. Williams
(for Bartlett Springs), Willows,
Red Bluff, Portland 7.5S»
8.30 a San Jose. 1.1 verm ore, Stockton,
lone, Sacramento. Placerville,
Jfurysvllle. Chlco. Ked Bluff 4. 25*
8.30a Oakiiale.Chlnese.Sunora.Tuolumne 4.25P
8.00a Vallejo™ 1225*
9.00a Los Angeles K.ipress — Martinez,
Tracy, Lathrop.Stockton.JIerced,
Fresno anci Los Angeles 8-25a
3.30a Vallejo. Martinez and Way Stations 7.55?
•10.00a Haywanl. Mies and Way Stations. ft2SS'
10.00a The Overland Llmlteo — Ogden.
- Denver. Omaha. Chicago. 5-25?
ti.OOi* Sacramento Kiver Steamer* til. 00?
3 00p Benlcla, Winters. Sacramento,
Woodland. Knlgbts Landing,
Marysvllle, OrovUle 1055a
3-30? Hay* arrt,N lies and Way Stations.. 755?
4 OOp Martlaez,San Ramon. ValleJo,Nap»,
Oil-toga, SaEtaRosn '..... 9.25a
400? Xlles, Livermore, Stockton, Lodl.. 12.25?
4.30? Hayward^Tlles,SanJose,LJYennore t8-5iU
- 4-30? The Owl Limited— Fresno, Tulare,
Bakcrsflcld. Sao^us for Santa
Barbara. Los Angeles 8.55a
5.00? Port Costa, Tracy, Lathrop.StocSton 10-25a
6-00i* Martinez. Antlocb, Stockton, Her-
. ced, Fresno 12-25?
t5.30? KUes Local 7.25*
6-00? Ilavvraril, Nlles and San Jose....... 755 v
t6.00? Vailejo....'.......;. 11.25a
B.COr Oriental Mail — Ogden. Denver,
Om.tba, St. Louis. Chicago , 4-25?
7.00p San Pablo. Port Costa, Martinez
and Way Stations ,11.25a
J7.00? Valiejo : 7.55?
8-05p Oregon & California Express — Sac*
ramento. Marysvllle. Redding:.
¦ • Portland. Puget Sound and Katt. 85D A
?9.10p Hay-irard and M ties til -55 A
COAST LINE Oarrow Uange).
(Foot uf Market Street.)
8.15a Newark, CenterrWe, Baa Jose,
Felton, Boalder Creek, Santa
-Cruz and W»y Station's 5.509
t2-i5? Xewark. Centervllle. San Jose,
New Alinaden. Felton. Boulder
Creek. Santa Cruz and Principal
Way Stations 10.50a
4-15? Newark, San Jose, Los Gatos 18.50a
o3. JOf Hunters' Tnln — San Jose and Way
Stattocs.. $7.20?
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAN FKAN CISCO, Foot of Market St. (Slip 8)
— 17:13 '9:00 11:00 A.*. ' 100 3 CO 515 P.*.
From OAKLAND, Foot of Broadway — t6:'W tS:08
. - - t3:<& ll):cq A.M.- . 12Qg <2X&- 4'.C0'».g.- *--*
COAST LINE (Broad Gani?ej.
(Third ana '1* ownsend Streets.)
6.10a San Jose and Vv»y stations... 6.40a
7.00a San Jose aud Way£tatlons +8.C0A
7.00a Sew Almadcn.../. /4.1C?
8.00a Coa«t Line Limited — San Jose,
G!!roy, Snllnax, San Luis Obispo,
Sapta Barbara, Los Angeles and
Principal Intermediate Stations. 10.45V
¦ 8.00a San Jose. Tres Plnos, Santa Cruz,
Pacific Grove. Salinas. San Luis
• Obispo and Principal 'Intermedi-
ate Stations 4.10?
10.30a San Jose and Way Stations 8.38*
11.30a Sao Jose and Way Stations 9.4CA
t2-45P San Mateo, Redwood. Mcnlo Park.
Palo Alto. Santa Clara, ban Jose,
Tres Pinos, Santa Crnz, Salinas,
Del Monte, Monterey and Pacific
Grove ....t10.45A
3-30? San Jose and Way Stations...*;.:... 1.30?
t4.15?"- San Jose and PrtnclpalTVayStntlon* 530?
¦ 4.50? SunsetLlmlt«d— Monday, April 7th,
14th, 21st, for Los Angeles, El
Paso.New Orleans and Kew Tork.
Last train leaves Kew Orleans
April J4th 10.15A.
t5.0UP . San Jose. Los Gatos and Principal
Way Stations t9.00A
6-30? San Joi» r,nd PrincipalWay Station* 6.30?
:. 6.30? San Jose and Way Stations. 7.30»
. 74)0? Kew Orleans Express— San Luis
Obispo, Santa Barbara, Los An*
(teles, Deming, El Paso, New
' Orleans and East 11.30a
•11.45? San Jose and Way Stations '7. 3Qy
• A for Morning. P for Afternoon,
t Sunday excepted. t Sunday only.
a Satnrday only. /Tuesdays and .Fridays. -
¦"Irjtfcarr FollOW
411111 the ;
\ Jl JLct>«d
And Trarel via the
WabashLine
They have. the finest tourist car service from
Chicago to Boston and New Tork points.
ROSS C CL.INE, P.*. C. ¦ P. Act., Loa An-
geles., Cal.
'C. S. CRANE. G. P. Agt. St. LouIb. Mo.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via SausaMO Ferry
'- ' Commencing September 29, 1901.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL, VAIXET
AND SAN RAFAEL.
"WEEK DATS— 6:55. 8:30. *9:30, 11:00 a. m..
,•1:45. 3:15, 4:15, 5:15. *6:15. 6:45 p. m.
EXTRA - TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Saa
Rafael on Mondays, Wednesdays and Saturdays
at 9:30 and 11:40 p. m.
SUNDATS— *8:00, 8:00. ••10:00. »U:30 a. m.
•1:15 3:15, *4:45, 6:30, 9:30 p. m. -
Trains market (•) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL. TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— •5:25 6t27.. 7:45. 8:35. 10:li
a. m.. •12:25. 2:lo. *3:35, 4:40, 5:30 p. m.
. EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 9:55 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:15, •8:00. '10:00, ni:45 a. ni.
•1:40 *a:15. 4:45, *6:30 p. m. , • . , •.
Trains marked (*) start from San Quentin
FROM MILL. VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS-5:45 6:45. 7:55. 8:53. io : ?6
a. m., 12:35. 2:45. 3:50. 5.:10 p. m. .
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:3F p. m. ya
SUNDATS— 8:05. 10:05 a. m.. 12:03. 2llS.
3-30 5:00. 6:45 p. ra. ' - ...
3..JU. o.w. THROUGH TRATN3.
6.:55 a. m. week day« — Cazadero and- way
1 * 1 :4°5 n p. m. Saturdays— Duncan Mills and way
.stations.
8:00 a. m. Sundays — Duncan Mills and way
stations. . ¦ -
.Fairfax. Sundays— 8:00, 0:00, 10:00. 11:30
a. ra. ' •-
' Legal Holiday boats and trains will run on
Sunday time. - . . ' .-.-.*-
flQUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
V Leave Via Sansalito Ferry Arrive
San Fran.* Foot of Market St. San Fran.
*30 a. 8:C0a. ntm^ WmTM „ JM l.oo p. <M5 a,
JStlffi: g5£|rrf III SSI:
r»re. Sin rrwrlsfo lo Suamlt tnd R»m™. I1.6A.
tVduit OfflcM, (31 XA8JIK 8TKXXT ul SACSAUIO ISJtll. '
Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary, :
A«»<E»ila J > KEABSY ST. Established
Cff*ijf*^alii 1S5-1 for the treatmont of l'rivut«
e»VfcS«t ;; W« DU«*»«es. Lost ilanlKXHl. Dehllltv or
BJBlBMMBWtdlspaai' wearlnjrnn body and mind and
¦ *VWnBnfiilTi '^ '"* ' " Dtaenses. The Doctorcnres when
"thers fall. Try him. rlmrsjes low.
«^B^r4E*Saa<'ure« Cull or wtita,
T>r. J. JF. UIB&VX, San Francisco, Cal
APVEBTISTIWnRNTS.
SEVENTEEN
LEFT
All of Them Will
Find Homes This
Week.
If You Want One of These
Regular $300 Pianos for
$186 af Pommer Eiiers
Music Company, You Will
Have to Act Quickly. Easy
Monthly Payments for Those
Not Prepared to Pay Ail
Cash. ___
The first piano yesterday morning was
eold before 8 o'cloclc; the store was
crowded with eager Inquirers and pur-
chasers all day long, and the day's record
of sales will probably be larger than any
heretofore. "It would hardly seem pos-
sible that such beautiful pianos can be
sold at retail for such little money," said
a musical young lady yesterday, who se-
cured cne of these brand-new $300 upright
pianos for $1S6, to be shipped to a friend
in the northern part of the State. We ad-
mitted that we don't expect to make
much money on this occasion — but we.
realize that this opportunity presents
splendid advertising possibilities for Pom-
mer Kilers Music Co., in that it most
forcefully demonstrates our ability to un-
dersell any existing wholesale or retail
piano-feelling firm in this country, and
will make lor us an army of friends who
will, in turn, help us sell more of our fine
pianos to others— thus making a sort of
endless chain that gains force and, pres-
tige each day.
There is not a firm in San Francisco
that has been able to sell these brand-
new Cabinet Grand upright pianos for
less than $300 heretofore, and in some In-
stances they have been sold for as much
as $325 and even $330. But you find them
here now for $18&— and as a further In-
ducement for you to take them quickly
we will let you have one of them on pay-
ment of $10 down and $6 a month
Think of it! brand-new, fully warrant-
ed, fancy mahogany, or mottled walnut
or figured oak, high-grade upright pianos
for $186! One and the same price to all
alike, rio more is asked, no less accepted
—three per cent off to cash buyers .'or
payments at $10 down and $5 a month
You cannot afford to be without a good
piano now.
Rest assured that these pianos are in
every way as good and as durable as the
instruments which 'dealers are ordinarily
compelled to ask $300 for. This is not an
overstatement — but fact — that you can
easily verify if you will take but a few
moments to investigate at our store
We are standing back of every represen-
tation made regarding these and all of our
pianos. "Money back If not as repre-
sented" applifes to every transaction with
Pcmicer Eiiers Music Company, whether
It be the cheapest or. the most unpreten-
tious instrument or. whether it pertain*
to a fancy Cabinet Grand . Hazelton, or
KImball, .or . Crown, or -other highest
grade and most costly upright pianos. Rer
member wh?re. California's Best and Bus-
iest Piano Store— Pommer Eiiers Music
Company, 1E53 Market street, opposite
Kearrji*. - „ ' ¦
; -y.' ' ' . ' ADVEBTISEMENTS. '_£
l^ffiifii WttdWeiser
-^^^^^< of bottled heers,
P^^^^^^fe because of its nnU
¦¦^^^7^™^ form excellence,
rire wed from the best Barley =Malt
and imported Hops and "lagered"
;, (stored for maturing) until just
ripe a.tid most Wholesome.
The product of '
Anheuser-Busch Brewing Ass'n
St. Louis, U. S. A.
Brewers also of Black O Tan. Anheuser-Standard, F&le-Lager.
Faust, Export Pale, Exquisite. Michelob and Malt-fiutrine. -
. .' ;••', All orders promptly filled-liy "
E. G. LYONS & RAAS CO., Wholesale Dealers, San Francisco, Cal.Chicago ; was several * fractions firmer on . the
day, ; and : reported i business -dull > In a ; specula
tive way, but ; with (a. rj fair; cash demand "re
ported ;, by.; the packers. ''-.'". , . . '. , . '. . ':",". v .';;- ; ;
¦ . , This i market , continues extremely . quiet : and
featureless. ." • -. ."- ¦ ..• " '1 I'tfrffflflfalTi
Provisions.
, CHICAGO, April 10.— Every thing "early In
wheat wa» bearish. . Cables were ' lower, ¦ clear
arces small/the weather warmer and the cash
situation poor. Added to these was the opinion
of many that the Government report* of the
crop, condition . would*H»e bearish. Under this
Influence May opened %©%c lower at 72@71% c
and gradually - worked down to 71%c. The
crowd showed little - inclination ' to do anything
one way or the other. There ¦ was -gome fairly
good early buying, but it had only a temporary
effect. Later there. were some bad reports on
crops and a better business ' reported from the
seaboard. Corn strength ' was : developed , late
and added Irt steadying the market. May.ral
lied to 72c, but closed weak,%@%c lower at
71%c/-.: .-¦' ¦¦ . ¦ .-'.«; .; ... -. ¦ ¦ .- ¦¦-; -.. ,. -;
'• Corn had ¦ the same sort of ¦ depressing- : news
to start ' with ' as did wheat •'• but the South
western cash markets overcame the. bearish
influences. May closed firm, %@ 1 /4c up at 513®
50%c. i "• ' • ' »
Oats were dull and weak. May closed %c
lower at 41%c, ¦ ' , . , ... ¦ , ¦
•Provisions, were active for a short time, but
Chicago Grain, Market.
The • situation remains ' precisely ¦ ; as • before
quoted. ;• '« '" '::¦-¦¦
FRUITS— Apricots, 0@llc ' for Royals and
10013c , standard' to ;¦ fancy 1 Moorparks;
Evaporated' Apples, ¦ 8®0c; . -sun .-.; dried,'.! 6c;
Peaches, OUSS^c; Pears, 6@0c; Plums, pitted,
5©6c; unpltted. • 1%@2%c; Nectarines, 6%@(ic
for red ; and 5%^bc 1 for white; figs. 4%c . for
black and 5%@«c for white.', ¦• --.-¦"; ..
-PRUNES — 11)01 crop are quoted as follows:
30-40'n, OVJ^O%c; 40-50 1 s,i5@5%c; 50-eO'a, 4%
®4%c; 00-70*8, - .4<g>4l4c: i 70-80*8, 3i/.©3%c; 80-
Ou*s, 3@3V.c; 00-lOO'a, 2%©2%c per lb. . :
• RAISINS — Seeded. 3-crown.j 8c; 2-crown, 6%
@7"5ic; ; Loose Muscatels. 6^4c for 4-crown and
51/1C for ceedlpss; ,3-crown, 6c; 2-crown, 6% c;
Seedless Sultanas, 5%c for. unbleached and 79
8%c for bleached. „' Clusters — Imperials/ $3; De
hesa, $2 50; -Fancy, $1 50; London, Layers,
$) 2501 35. •-¦: U-- -•-: < -..^::-\ .--.- ¦-;.¦¦--: ..-.-- ...
•=-- NUTS— Walnuts. No. I softshell, U%c; Na.
2/s6%®7%c;' No. 1 hardshell, 0c: No. 2. 7c;
Almonds, 10%®12c - • for -papershell, -9@10o' for
softshell and 6#7c for hardshell: Peanuts, 5@7c
for Eastern;, Braiil Nuts." 12@12%c: Filberts,
12012'Ac: Pecans,.ll©13c; Cocoanuta. $.'! 50©5.
¦ HONEY — Comb,- 11012c for bright and 0@llc
for • light 'amber; i water " white ; extracted, : 60
6c: light amber extracted/ 4fW5c; dark, 4c.".- .
BEESWAX— 27% ©20c per, lb.. •
Dried Fr.uits, Nuts and Raisins.
Weather Report.
O20th Meridian — Pacific Time)
KAN FRANCISCO. April 10, 1902—5 p. m.
The fcriowinr are the seasonal rainfalls to
«a.te, as compared with those of the same date
i£Ft season, and rainfalls in the last twenty
.four hours.:
Lest 24 This , Last
Staliocs — / Hours. Season. Season.
"Eureka ..„. „.. 0.00 46.46 44.58
Red Bluff , , 0.00 29.71 22 68
Facramcnto ..^^^ 0.00 16.28 17.50
FranciBco, 0.00 17.36 18 99
-Fresno „..„ 0.00 6.40 10.90
Jndej-«nflence . 0.00 4.23 6.81
San Luis Oblepo— — 0.00 21.18 27.67
Los Angelea..,^ O.OO 10.44 ' 14.18
£an Diego 0.00 5.85 10.65
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature
£8: minimum. 48; mean, 53.
The following maximum anfl minimum tem-
T^ratureg wer» reported from Eastern eta-Cons.:
Boston ».„ .....44-40 1 Omaha „-.-... 60-42
CinclnnaU 58-12 Chicago —-.50-42
Philadelphia 44-40|Duluth ,.42-8«
Jacksonville 72-fi2|8t. Louis.. /.-^;.C2-50
New York - . .48-40JSalt Lake City— 46-32
"Washington 50-44 i Kansas City 58-44
Temperature — 7 a. m., 48 degrees.
¦WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST,
The pressure has fallen rapidly over the
Northern half of the Pacific Coaet. During the
Pan twenty-four hours there has been a fall
of nearly two-tenth* of an Inch from Cape
•Klenco to Cape Disappointment.
The temperature ha* risen over the northern
°f ! » of the Pacific Coast. Throughout Callfor
™- the are about normal.
" ith the exception of a light shower at
£ort Crescent no rain baa fallen west of the
itocky Mountain*.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
Hours ending midnight, April 11, 1W»<
Cal lfornU— Fair Friday, except
Si ,? >- and Possibly showers In northern portion
intrrf af > ern °on: Urht southerly winds In the
f£?,?I/ fresh ""'^terlK winds on the coajBt.
.^the^T n w,n C di nfOrnla " Fair - rri * ay: 1ISht
f\ «^^ a ~ cloud > r Friday; light easterly winds.
' enmin/ ranc j 8C0 ana vicinity— Fair Friday, be
** ulB * m 8 to fresh westerly.- y
ALEXANDER O. McADIE,
Forecast Official,
' Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, 00 days..... — : $4 $e\i
Sterling Cables, Bight — 4 S84i
Sterling Cables ; — * 80%
New York Exchange, sight ...."' — .' 12%
New York Exchange, telegraphic — - ¦ ¦ 16 ..
Silver, per ounce .............. — ' 53^
Mexican Dollars," nominal...... — 45 u,
/Wheat and Other Grains. '
WHEAT — The only; foreign news of Interest
was a cable from' Broomhall; Paying that' Aus-'
trallan shipments to tho United Kingdom would
soon cease/ .Th« ! foreign » markets L were -all
steady. - ; .' ' - ' - , ¦ ¦
Chicago was unsettled . and feverish, every
body being . at sea over the possibility of • the
readjustment ; of all statistics . on the census
figures, which. It -will be remembered " mad«
tho Wheat, iCorn and Oat crop 816,000.000 bushJ
els more ; than ithe Agricultural ; Department
Tbe expected ¦ report ¦¦ of : the ; Governmont ' was
another disturbing factor. :, It* was issued after
the market closed. and showed the condition of
winter Wheat' on April 1 to be 78.7,, against
91.7. April 1, 1901, and 82.1 on ¦ April 'l l!K0
and 82.4 as the mean average for April for the
past ten ¦ years. .Additional . decreases ', In * the
vicible supply, .:. not ; included i in the regular
weekly report, were 300,000 bushels at interl"r
Northwestern : elevators, ¦ 100.000 . In ' Manitoba
and- 100,000 in Chicago private elevators. -Re
ceipts ¦ were very ¦ light.-. ! Crop damage ' reports
continued the chief factor, and increasing com
plaints were heard • from ; the South west, l)ut no
general '.buying resulted.*-; On; the contrary- the
Northwest ¦ sold-, freely.' v Portions 'of "Illinois
were reported very dry; with rain needed -and
Southwest Missouri wired that dry weather was
h.urtlngthe crop/, .,-.¦;•-, ¦, '. ! / ,
¦y This market - was .. dull and Jnot materially
changed. ./¦' ¦' •'¦> . ¦ ' /-¦••¦¦ ..»• .*¦
>• Spot- Wheat— Shipping, $1 08%s milling.
fl'10@l 12%'perictl, > , - '
'. CALL BOARD SALES.
'-. Informal Session— -9:16 . o'clock — December—
8000 ctls/ $1 001,4. • "'
-Second Session — No sales, -¦ .' , \
-'¦ ' Regular •'¦ Morning - Setsion — May— 2000 etla
$1-08%. 6000 ctls, $1 06%, "
;' Afternoon Session — No sales. ' •-..¦.
; BARLEY— Conditions ? remain exactly as be
fore/.-; The market- Is ' steady -but- featureless' y
Feed.' 96%@07%c for No, l:and,93i@l)5o'fof
off grades; brewing and shipping grades 97 Uo'
©$ir Chevalier, <$1©1,2O. '-. ' ,. '
<i . ' CALL BOARD SALES. :¦¦
>-" Informal-: Resslon- — 0:15 r o'clock — December—
2000. ctls,' 77%c. v/ v*f .;..-, :-y ¦ , .. . /
Second Session — No 'sales, • ¦ .- '.- '«"
Regular ; Morning ;¦ Session— No ' sales, .
Afternoon Session— No sales.*:,' ;?• ... !':•¦;••
; OATS-^The market . runs ; along . In the same
NEW YORK, April 10.— FLOUR— Receipts,
18,208 barrels; exports, ,5724... Held a - shade
higher, but ruled quiet. ' ' ..
. WHEAT— Receipts, none; exports. 357,094
bushels. Spot, easy; No. 2 red, 82%c elevator
and 84%c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 Northern Du-
Iuth, 81%c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard Manitoba/
84%c t. o. b. afloat. Early In the day wheat
acted weak, selling off under favorable weather,
easier cables, .liquidation and light export de
mand. Through the afternoon trade was dull,
awaiting the crop report, with a final rally on
covering. Laut prices were %@V»c net lower.
May. 77 13-l«@78%c. closed 78V<.c; Julv. 77%<a
78 3-16c, closed 78c; September, 77%@77%c,
closed 77%c; ¦ December, •78%@79%c, closed
78%e. _, . • > •
HOPg— Firm.
' HIDES— Quiet. - • .
WOOL — Steady. "Domestic fleece. 20@29c.
COFFEE — Spot, quiet; No."7 invoice, 595c
mild, dull; Cordova, 8V4@12c.' Futures closed
steady net 5 points lower/ Total .' sales., 44 250
bags, including: May, $5 20: June, $5 30; July,
$5 S5ig;5 40; September, $5. 00; November
$5 75;, December, $5 80; February. $5 95 :
March, $0@0 05, • V •
SUGAR — Raw, weak; fair refining, 2%c; cen-
trlfugal, 00 test, 3%c; molasses sugar. 2'Kc
refined, quiet. • " ¦ . • . \
DRIED FRUITS..
Continued apathy, prevails in the evaporated
apple market and prices . are easy on most
grades. State, . common to good, 838% c: wime
»®oy«c; choice, 9%@10e; tancy, 10%@lic
Prunes had a fair movement of a Jobbing or
der. - Apricots and peaches slow but stekdv -
PRUNE8— 3%©7c. - *',-
APRICOTS — Royal, 10@14c; Moorpark. .11%®
PEACHES— Peeled, 14@18e; unpeeled,] 8<910c.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranstes, $1@1 75
for ntandard, $2@>2 50 for - choice and $2 50@U
for fancy; ' extra . fancy. $3 25; Se«dlinKS, $14r
1.75; Mediterranean Sweets. $1 75<S2; Malta
Blood Oranges. $2®2 50; Tangerines,. In quarter
boxes, r.75c@$l ¦ and $1 25^150 in' half boxes;
Lemons, 75c@$l for common and . $1 25@1 75
for good to choice $2@>2 75-. for 1 fancy;
Grape Fruit," $103, .including seedless; Mexican
Limes. ' $4@460; .Bananas,- • $2@3 .per! bunch
for New Orleans and $1@- for Hawaiian; Pine
apples, $3@4 . per dozen. -...-;: .- ;
; APPLES— $2#2 25 per box lor extras, $1 25
@1 75 for good to choice and tiOc@>$l for or-,
dinary. .
Other Fruits showed no change.
All "grades of Oranges were reported firm
under light receipts, and a steady local de
mand.'- Mexican ;¦ Limes . were 'offering . freely
and sold slowly.' "The Panama steamer. brought
up 3iil boxes. ¦ Lemons and Grape Fruit were
dull. Three cars, of Oranges will be auctioned
to-day. . - , ¦ • ...
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Business in local stocks and bonds continued
quiet on the morning sessions, with no fluctua
tions worthy of note. There .was some activity
In Sterling and Sovereign on the Oil Exchange
at steady prices.
' In the afternoon Giant Powder" declined
sharply to ?T1». as against $30 25 on'Wednes
dav. California Wine, sold up to $101.- . No
other changes. . ¦ . f
1 The California Safe Deposit and Trust Com
pany has declared the regular quarterly divi
dend of $1 CO per share, payable April 15.
The following were ex-dividend >yesterday:
Marin County Water Company regular quar
terly, 75c per share, amounting to $4500; Mar
ket Street Railway Company regular quarterly,
COc per share, amounting to $102,702; Giant
Consolidated Powder Company regular monthly,
75c per share, amounting to $15,000; California
Wine Association regular monthly, 60c per
share, amounting to | $26,023 20; California
Street .Cable, 50c.
i The . following quotations -' for the United
Railways of San Francisco were. ¦ received yes
terday from New, York by Bolton. De Ruyter
&-Co. : Common stock. $23 87%@24: preferred'
$fll 75@62; 4 per cent bonds, $80 75@00; sub
scriptions, $101 62%©102. 4 ¦-•;•:;<.-•
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
• '.- ¦'¦ THURSDAY, April 10— 2 p. m.
UNITED . STATES BONDS.
','¦¦ Bid.Ask.i ¦••>, ¦ ' ' Bid Ask
4s qr coup.. Ill 112 4s qr c (new)13ft%139%
4s qr reg. ..Ill lll%|3s qr coup..l00$ill0
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5a. 91% — Oc S3 Co 5s. '-- 10051
Bay CPtf 5s.l07%108 Ombus C 6s.C_ ~L,
Cal-st 58.... 117 119 PacG Im 4s. 96a;iOOVi
C Costa 5s.. U0# — Pk&C H 6s.lO7,* —
EdfL#P Bs. — - — Pk&O,R 6s. 117,, 120 "
Fer&C HOs. -'-—•¦• 123. . Pwl-st R 6s.ll7 •* — '
Geary-st 6s.. — Sac EGR os.101 'lO2«
H C&S 5V4s. — . — SF.& SJV5s.l21U121l?
Do-Co . 97 Sierra CalCs.114. —
L Ang R 5s.ll8i4119 S P of A 0s - .
LALC06S.— — . (19Ci) .i..H3%113«
Do gtd 6s. — — (1910) .'. . .114% —
Do gtd 5s. 102^104% S P of C fa
L A & P 58.102 v— (1906)Sr A. — 106%
Do lem 68.102 A — (1905)Sr B.1O754 — "
Mkt-st C Cs. 130 (1906) ....110 —
Do lem 5s.l20 122^ v (1912) ....119%121
N R of C ea.-i—- ; y— S P of C 1st
• Do 6s... ..121%122' cgntd5s..l20 —
N Pac C5s.H0 112, Do.stmpd.llliS — "
N R Cal Be. 114% — SP Br CalBs.139 139%
Oak Gas 5s. — 113% S V,Wat «s. — " 111%
Oak Trn «bJ124 — Do 4a 2dm.l03%104
Do 1st c5s.113%114% Do 4s 3dm. 101% 102 Vl
Oak W G 5s. 102% — • Stkn G&E6S.102 104
. WATER . STOCKS. . - r
Contra Costa 78 -78% I Port Costal. 63% 68 -
Marln Co.... 60 " — . (Spring Val.. 93^,
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. 2% — Pao Light ;. 45 —
Eqt G L Co.. 3^i 3% Sac-E G&R. 29 — .
Mutual '.:...:'— 4% 3- F G& E. 43% — .
O G L. & H. 57 67% S F G L Co. fti4 6
Pac G Imp.. 36%- 37: Stktn G & E. S —
INSURANCE.
Firem'g Fnd.202%275:. v ,'
. . BANK9.;. '
Anglo-Car .,— 01 |L p"& A.. , ilCB"., —
California. ..425 •— Mer Ex(llq) 18% - — "
Cal Safe Dp.117% IS F. Nationl.140 —
First Natlonl — — |
SAVINGS BANKS, ;
German ,,.2000 — / Sav & Loan. — . 100 ¦
HumDoldt ', . — •— : Security Sav». ' — 340
Mutual Sav. 80 87% Union Trustl825 — ,
B F Sav U.;520 ,— .- I , . ¦
/, ; STREET RAILROADS.
California ,.165 — 'Market ,..,,100 ' -,
Geary.-,,..., — ¦ - 60 I Presidio ,,,.80
"- POWDER.
Giant ,,,..,•78% — /Vlgorlt .,,.", SH 3%
"-¦-¦.¦¦;>., '..-.:¦¦ sugar, .amaw
Hana V. .','.., 3% — • Kilauea ,,,,—. ' 9%
.Hawaiian ';,;S3 40 Makawell ,, — 23U
Honokaa ... 10 II 1 Onomea .,.,,' -—'. * •.
Hutchlnson ,-ll^i 12 ." (Paaunau ... — 12'-
Receipts of .Butter continue large, as will be
seen. Everybody Is well supplied. | and some
dealers are overstocked. The disposition is to
sell as fast as possible. The Northern ¦ orders
are steadily diminishing, and wires from the
Sound, yesterday reported tha.t Oregon '.was be
ginning to supply that, region, cutting Califor
nia out. If these orders cease the market' is
likely to drop, when packing will probably
begin and the market will thereby be relieved
of some of - its surplus. .'
There Is no change whatever in. Cheese and
Kggs. Both aro in large . supply " and un
changed, - though I line ranch Eggs are appar
ently-in seomewhat smaller stock and possibly
a little steadier. - .
. 'Receipts .were 58,900 pounds, ¦ 90 tubs and 9
kegs of . Butter, ; 1925 cases of Eggs, 24,3()0
pounds of . California Cheese and pounds
of Eastern Cheese.'
BUTTER — Creamery. 20c per pound for
fancy, lUc for firsts and for seconds;
dairy, 16@19c; store Butter, 15@16o per pound.-
CHEESE — New. 0«j>10c; old, 9@llc; Young
America, 8@10c; Eastern. 13® 1 5c per pound.-.
EGGS— Ranch. 14@15c: store. 12%@13&c
per dozen. . • , . . • :-¦.? ;:,
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
EMPTY HIS MILK CANS
AND BADLY BEAT HIM
William Little and Robert McCaskie
. Arrested on Charge of
Battery.
Wiillam Little and Robert McCaskie ap
peared^before Judge Fritz yesterday on a
charge of battery, and, by consent, the
case was continued until Saturday, as
one of the . principal witnesses for the
prosecution could not be present.
Little and McCaskie are supposed to
be two of the men who have been as
saulting drivers of milk wagons because
they had resigned from ¦ the union or re
fused to join It. Monday morning about
2 o'clock Little and McCaskie attacked
J. 8. Perry, driver of a wagon for James
Miley of the Main Dairy, on Tenth and
Howard streets* while he, was delivering
milk to a customer at Sixth and Natoma
streets. They emptied all his milk cans
and beat him on the head and -arms with
the empty cans, threatening to kill him
unless he rejoined the union.
Perry swore out warrants for their ar
rest,' and Wednesday night Detective
Graham and Policeman Evatt, accom
panied by Perry, arrested them on Turk
street, ' near - Mason, .where they were
hiding in a building in course of con
struction,-evidently, waiting for some milk
wagon driver. - Little told the officers that
he was employed collecting dues for the
union and to get new members. MUey
Is determined to prosecute them, so as
to 'put a stop to the attacks that have
become so frequent, another of his driv
ers having been threatened.
¦ • ¦ . .-
Hale Shoplifter Caught.
Henry Lewis, who says he is. a cook,
and . two other men went into Bernard
Cerf's store, on Kearny street, near Sac
ramento, yesterday morning, and ' while
the clerk was kept in conversation by
the other two men. Lewis quietly slipped
three suits of clothes into a valise he
carried and ran - out of the store. He
was ¦ pursued and captured and turned
over " to Policeman W. T. . Hooper, who
charged him at the City Prison with petty
larceny. The valise and the three suits
were booked as evidence against him.
..:-; : ¦ . . ¦» ¦ —
Ladies of Humane Society Meet.
The ladles of the Society for the Pre
vention of Cruelty to Animals met at tho
assembly hall in the Parrott building yes
terday to discuss methods by which the
scope of the work done by the charity
may be Increased. Mrs. Caroline Earle
White,^president of the Pennsylvania Hu
mane ' Society . and editor of - the Journal
of . Zoophily, made a brief address - de
scriptive of the work in Philadelphia ' and
other Eastern cities. * ¦
l ' -._. v -_ . .¦¦;:¦
Board of , Education Loses Suit.
The Supreme Court yesterday affirmed
the order of the lower court granting to
W. Morgan & . Co. the sum . of $19S8 as
damages for the repudiation of a contract
for worR* on . a schoolhouse by the Board
of Education of the city and county or
San Francisco. The Board of Education
based its action . on - resolutions adopted
at a meeting, which was ¦ held, however,
after the contract had been signed. ..;.
¦ m » .
Leases Cafe Royal Basement.
A document covering the lease of tha
basement of the Cafe Royal was filed
yesterday In the Recorder's office. The
lessors are Max E. Hornlein, Hugo A.
Hornleln. Justus E. Krurab and Boaz D.
Pike, and the lessees are Henry. Harris,
Theodore Goodman; 'A. »LV Levy, J. T,
Marley and k J. Crlstopher. The rental
Is $100 per month.
¦ ? »
Poolrooms : Raided.
Lieutenant Martin and posse. raided the
poolrooms of Alfred Williams, 653 Wash
ington street, yesterday afternoon and ar
rested Williams and 'ten men as visitors.
A complete outfit was seized. Policeman
L. Jj Becker yesterday morning bought
two pools on the races and reported the
fact: to Lieutenant Martin and the raid,
was made, *
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks:.. 15,637 Potatoes, ska .. 6,8tVJ
Oats, ctls ...... 167 Onions, sks .... 343
Receipts of Produce.
Flour, qr sks... 14,671 'Middlings, sks.. 1,376
Wheat, ctls .... 4,(i35 Bran, ska ...... 2,321
Barley, ctls .... 8,215 Shorts, sks ..... 13
Oats, ctls 400iTallow. ctls 25 1
Corn, ctls 64t>'Pelts, bdls 65
Beans, sks SO7!Hldes, No 303
Potatoes, sks .. 1,843 Quicksilver, flsk 63
Onions, sks . 424 'Leather, .rolls... Kl
Broom Corn, bdls 30-* Wine, gals 2S.400
Wool, bales . 505 Lime, bbls ....^ 273
Hay, tons .. j 420 Sugar, ctls'.... 2,567
FOR THURSDAY. APRIL 10.
.. POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 14®15c for Gob
blers and 15@16c for Hens; Geese, per pair
11 6U@1 75; Uusllngs, $2 25tf2 60; Ducks, Wip
$6 for old and'$7@S for young; Hens, $4 50®
B; you riff Roosters, $C\60©7 50; old Roosters,
$1 604^5: Fryers. $o 50&U; .Broilers, $5@5 30
for large and $2@3 50 for small; Pigeons, $1 50
@1 75 per dozen for old and $2@-2 25 for Squabs
• GAMK-Hare, *1: Rabbits. «1 25 for Cotton
tails and $1 for Brush; Gray Geese, $3; White
Geese. 75c<$$l 25: Brant, $1 25@2 per dozen;
Honkers, $3@4; English Snipe, $J; Jack Snipe.
$1 50. • .
• Poultry was firm as receipts were light and
there was no Eastern offering. Very small
Broilers were not wanted, ¦ but ; the market was
firm for all other descriptions.
Game continues dull, with a large portion
of the receipts arriving in poor condition.
Poultry and. Game.
1 LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— " -May. July.
Opening .„;„>, .....5 11% 5 n«
Closing >'..'.. tit**. .....'.... 5 11% 5 10%
. '. PARIS-. ;.
Wheat—' ' April. Sept.-Dec.
j Opening .. k ..'.. 2200 2040
j Closing ........;.»......¦.,. :22 00 ' 20 40
I ri Flour — . . '•..•...* • ... :¦' • ..
I Opening v..............;./.'26 50 ¦--20 30^
Oosing k ........... 26 55 .20 35.
Eastern Livestock 1 Market.
CHICAGO.' •
CHICAGO, April ; 10.— CATTLE— Receipts,
5000. Steady; Good to /prime steers, . $0 60®
! 7; poor : to medium, $5 C0@0; calves, $l : 25®
j 5 CO; heifers. $2 50@C 15 ; ' canners; $1 50@2 40;
bulls, $2 5O@5 50; calves. $2 50@0; Texas fed
I steers, $5@0 25. "- . .-' .. ;... - • ;.
j HOGS — Receipt3 to-day.-^ 18,000;' to-morrow,
j 15,000; left over, 8000. Five to 10c hlghor.
• Mixed and butchers, $6 70@7-RO; good to choice
heavy, $6 95@>7. 12%; rough heavy. $0 75ffl6 90;
| light. $6 40@« 95; bulk of sales, $0 85@7 05.
I SHEEP— Receipts. 11,000. Steady to strong.
I Lambs, weak. Good to choice wethers. $5 25^
;5 75; fair to choice mixed, $4 50@5 25; West
r ern sheep, $4 oO^O; native lambs, $4 75@6 83;
Western lambs,' $5 25@6 S5.
ST. JOSEPH.
ST. JOSEPH. April 10.— CATTLE— Receipts.
1S00. j Steady. Natives, - ;$5 50@7: cows and
| heifers, $1 25ffi« 30: veals, - $3<gS 75; stockers
and feeders, $2iQ5 25. /
- HOGS — Receipts, C0O0. Steady, j Light and
light mixed, ?«5 70efi HO;- medium and heavy.
$5 75®7 05; pigs, $4 25@3 C5.
SHEEP — Receipts, 0200. Market 10015c
low*/. Western lambs. $C@6 80; Western sheep,
$4 40@C ¦ ,.• ,
N.w York C ot.o i . {Market. '¦
NEW" YORK. April 10.— In the local market
for tin there was a slow trade with quoted
values more or less nomlnaU Spot closed at
! $27 40@27 75. At London prices were 10s low
j er which closed spot at £124' 15s and futures
j at £123 5s. Copper was quiet and easy, but
¦ unchanged at New York, with lake quoted at
! $12W12 25. Electrolytic was quoted at $12 12%
and casting at $12. London was 2s M lower
with spot at £53 '2s 6d and futures at £63 5s.
Lead was quiet but steady and unchanged
at home and abroad. London closed at £11 8s
9d and New York at 4%c.
! Spelter ruled steady at $1 25. London was
! Is 3d lov^er at £17 15s. v . .
[ New York market for Iron was steady, with
plglron warrants nominal. ; No. 1 foundry,
Northern, quiet, $19^20r- No. 2 foundry,
Northern. $1S#19; No.^'l 'foundry,- Southern.
$17 C0@18; No. 1 foundry. Southern, soft $17 50
©.18. • ¦•" ¦ .... .-. : :¦• ¦ ¦
-At Glasgow warrants were unchanged at 53s
M and at Middlesboro , they were 6s higher at
; 47s Od. .-'..¦¦¦
I, ¦'.'•' * Nezv York Cotton market. .
NEW YORK. April 10.— Cotton closed steady,
unchanged.
Northern Business.
¦ SEATTLE. April 10.— Clearings. $387,814;
balances. $-'53,701.
TACOMA. April 10. — Clearings, $201,127
balances, $35,703. .
SPOKANE, April 10.— Clearings, $229 032
baiances. $32,774. '
PORTLAND. April 10.— Clearings $441,419;
balances, $39,459. . ¦•
Northern Wheat Market.
- . . ..¦" .- % •——'.¦ ..¦-¦•
L," . OREGON.
PORTLAND, April 10.— Wheat steady at 63@
64c for, Walla Walla and Coc for bluestem.
' The total shipments of wheat (flour included)
from this port for the week ending to-day were
520.909 bushels. :
- Cleared — British ship Dovenby Hall, with
125,722 bushels .wheat for Queens town.
' . ¦ .WASHINGTON. :
. TACOMA. April 10.— Wheat unchanged; blue
stem, 04c; .club, 63c. .;
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, April 10. —Consols, 94% ; silver.
24%d; French rentes, lOOf 82%c; wheat cargoes'
on passage, sellers at advance; No. 1 standard
California, 29s ,l%d; -Walla Walla, 2Ss 6d;
English country markets, firm. . .
LIVERPOOL, April 10. — Wheat, firm: No. 1
standard California, Cs l%d@Cs 2d; wheat in
Paris, dull; flour in Paris, dull; French coun
try markets, quiet; weather In England, fine
COTTON— Uplands, 5 l-10d.
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack.162 164 Pac A FA.. 2% S73 ,
Cal Fruit As.lOSVilOa^i Pac C Bonc.165 — /
Cal Wine As. — 101 .Par Paint *. IS —
Oceanic B Co — v 35 . 1 .
Morninz Session.
Board — «.» __
$5000 Bay Counties Power Co 5s 107 73
5 California Fruit Canners 103 62}j
10 California Fruit Canners......... 103 5O
10 Cal Wine Association 100 5O
100 Equitable Gas 3 25
$5000 Northern Ry of Cal 5s... 121 50
$1000 8 P of C Cs (1900) 10» 25
C5 S V Water » W 00
.'•"u-- Street —
10 Alaska Packers' Assn 162 00
$2000 Sacramento Elec Gas and Ry 5s. .102 25
Afternoon Session.
Board . • _y ' ¦ ;
10 California Fruit Canners ltw 50
225 Cal Wine Association.. '...101 00
300 Contra Costa Water 78 00
10 Giant Powder. Con * 79 GO .
GO. Giant Powder Con 7» 25
10 Giant Powder Con... 79 00
$5C0O Northern Ry of Cal Cb .121 60
$1000 S P Branch Ry Us 139 23
70 S F Gas- & Electric Co 43 60
$10CO S P of Arizona (1910) 114 73
'¦¦ $1000 S P of Arizona .(1900) 113 75
$1000 S P of C «s (1006) 110 00
5 S V Water 03 00
Street—
$1000 S F & S J V bonds 121 37^
$2000 S P Branch Ry 6s ;..... 139 25
$5000 S V 4s (3d Mortgage) 102 00
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Momlns Session.
Board—"
100 Lion.... CT
1300 Sovereign -2»
50C0 Sovereign 30 .
1200 Sovereign, b 90. ;. 30 <>
lOOO Sterling- ..'. 1 47Vi.
1300 Sterling :..»........ 160
6000 Sterling, s 90. .-.' 1 60
,'V'' Afternoon Session.
700 Sterling 1 60
200 Sterling, b 00 :. 1 So
400 Sterling, b 90 1 ?>7'£
100 Junction 19
MINING STOCKS.
The following were the sales In the San
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board yester
day; '
Morning Session.
100 Best & Belch. 24 100 Silver Hill... 48
100 Mexican 44 300 Silver Hill... 47
600 Ophir • 93 200 Silver Hill. . . 4«
20C0 Potosi ... It} 300 Utah C5
I 100 Silver HI11..._ 49 ..
. Afternoon Session.
3fO Belcher ~~. ..... 11 100 Overman ; . . . 2V
100 Gould & Cur. 08 200 Potosl 17
300 Mexican ..... 44 500 Sliver Hill... 50
400 Overman .... 20 2GO Yellow Jacket 12
The following were the sales In the Pacific.
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
300 Caledonia ..." 52 200 Overman .... 2-1
500 Gould & Cur. OS 500 Overman .... 2t
300 Mexican 42 600 Potosi 16
200 Mexican ,43 300 Silver Hill... 50
1C0 Ophir 93 300 Silver Hill... 48
200 Overman ..... 25 500 Yellow Jacket la
Afternoon Session.
200 Belcher 11 1 300 Justice ...... 09
100 Best & Belch. 241 200 Mexican +1 .
100 Con C & V.I 32«/j 10O Potosl '15
300 Crown Point.. 0»| 100 Potost 17
300 Gould & Cur. C8| 200 Silver Hill... So
200 Hale & Norc. 22 200 Silver Hill... 61
200 Justice 08|
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY, April 10— 4 p. in.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Alpha' 02 OaiTustlce 09 10
Alta 03 04 Kentuck — 01 .
Andes 04 05 Lady Wash .. — «4
Belcher 10 ll'Mexican 43 4-1
Best & Belch. 23 25 Occidental ... 0» 10
Bullion 02 03 Ophir ... 92 83
Caledonia .... 49 .60 Overman .... 25 2t> •
Challenge 20 22. Potosl 1« 17
Chollar 11 12 Savage ...«?.. 02. „(».,,.
Confidence... 60 65 Pcorplon .....' «— • C-l .
Con Cal & V.I 30 1 35 Seg Belcher.. 01 02
Con Imperial. — 01 Bierra Nev... 23 24
Con New Yk. - 01 02 Silver Hill... 5t Si
Crown Point. 08 09 Et Louia.... d; —
P-ureka Con. . '18 — Syndicate.... 00 . — -¦
Exchequer ... — 01 Union Con... 23 2*
Gould & Cur. 08 00 Utah 04 05
Hale & Norc. 21 22 Yellow Jacket 12 13
Julia ...'. — 04
NEW YORK. April 10.— There was a very
wild market for, Louisville and Nashville to
day and the ominous jumps made by the price
In its convulsive advance to 120 "this morning
aroused unpleasant Memories of May 9 last
year when Northern Pacific was cornered; pre
cipitating: the Beverett panic in the history of
the Stock Exchange. Many of the active oper
ators In LouIs\-JJle and Nashville on the rise
have fostered the supposition that a distressed
short interest was aimed at by the campaign.
T.he disposition to buy stocks was suddenly
cooled and a preference for the selling side de
veloped. The disposition to sell was increased
£' aJ i other flurry in the money market during
the afternoon and the selling movement spread
throughout the list carrying prices of the ac
tive stocks very generally between 1 aid 2
points under . last night. Stocks which had
been conspicuous for strength, notably South
ern Railway and Missouri Pacific, did not
escape damage to some extent- In some cases
the losses considerably exceeded these limits.
Louisville and Nashville alone of -the prominent
stocks continued to show feverish strength,
rebounding from each successive reaction.
There was some covering by professional shorts
before the close, but the felling was actively
renewed and the closing was Irregular and not
far from the lowest. The action of Louisville
and Nashville seemed to Indicate that a short
interest In the stock was feeling considerable
distress to maintain Its position. The Wall
street supjjositlon is plausible that the dispo
sition of the $5,000,000 new stock authorized
involved a short' position In the market tech
nically, necessitating the borrowinK of the
stock sold until the Stock Exchange authori
ties admit the new stock to the list. Reports
of buying for control by competing companies
or of Intended consolidations have all met with
official denials. As a tactical speculative
measure for inciting speculation elsewhere in
the market the wild movement in Louisville
and Nashville is a failure. During the first
hour to-day over one-quarter of the total cap
ital stock of the company changed hands and
dealings for the day amounted to over half
the capitalization. Within three days the num
ber of shares sold has been many thousand in
excess of t^e total capitalization of the com
pany. The i-.ghly speculative movement of
the market is therefore clear. The dealings in
Southern Railway continued very large to-day
In accordance with the hypothesis of a contest
for control between the two companies, ¦ but It
made no great progress upward and shared
In the late reaction. The rise I I Missouri
Pacific was ascribed to pool. opera. s based
on the evident working" out of extt«. ns for
the Gould system. The sensitive conation of
the money market was emphasized by the day's
announcements of a huge combination in the
hardware trade, the undertaking by American
capital to finance the London traction improve
ment and th« purchase by New York -capital
ists of the Choctaw, Oklahoma and Gulf Rail
read, all promising requirements for credits.
Foreign exchange declined further. Indicating
further borrowing of foreign . capital and ob
viating tbe chance of further immediate gold
exports. Probably some of the late selling was
due to a desire to close up accounts in ex
pectation of the Government crop report after
the cloflr.E.
The bond market yielded to realizing In sym
pathy with stocks and became Irregular after
notable strength in the recently active specu
lative Issues. Total sales, par value, $4,975,000.
United States 6s advanced Vi on the last
call.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
Stock — Sales. Hiffh. Low. Close.
Atchison S9.100 79% 78 78
Atchison pfd 6,600 98V4 97% 97%
Baltimore & Ohio.. 12,200 107 Vi 105V 4 105V*
Halt & Ohio pfd... 200 90% 96Vi 9ti
Canadian Pacific .. 15,100 115 113^ • 113%
Canada. Southern 000 88% S'Vfc *7'.i
Ches &. Ohio 3,300 47 Vs *<> 4t!
Chicago & Alton.- 1,600 47 36% 30%
Chgo & Alton of 4.. 100 70V4 76V* 75'^
Chgo, Ind & LoiiiA. . . . . ¦.... 63V*
Chgo, Ind & L Dfd- 1,000 78% 78 , 78 »i
Ci.po &. Eastern 111 300 15S n - 15S 150
Chgo & Great W... 4,500 24% 24 24
Chgo & G W A pfd 100 87 87 87
Chgo & G W B pf d 100 46 46 45
Chpo & Northwstn. 9,300 237% 237 235%
Chgo, R I & Pac— L700 178 174 174
Chgo Term & Trn_ 1,800 20 18% 18%
Chgro T & T pfd... 2,000 36% 3tt 30
C, C. C & St Louia. 900 103% 102% 103
Colo Southern 2,200 27% 27 27%
Colo So 1st Dfd^ 2.000 72V4 71% 72Vi
Colo So 2d pfd 200 44 43 Vi 43
Delaware & Hud;. COO 172% 170 170%
Del, Lack & W... 100 285% 283 282
Denver & Rio Gr 43U
Den & R G pM 1,200 92% ¦91% 91%
Erie 8,900 37% 36% 36%
Erie'lat pfd 1,000 6S% '68% CS%
Erie 2d pfd ...-. 64
Great Northern pfd 300 185 185 185
Hocking Valley L500 .82% 81 81
Hocking Val pfd— 200 »2 91% 80
Illinois Central 2,800 143 142% 142V4
Ipwa Central 100 48 48 48
Iowa Central pfd-. 1,600 85 83 83
K C Southern ... 1,900 23% 23 22%
K C Southern pfd. 1,200 68% 65% 55%
Lake Erie & WesC 400 C9 CS 68
Lake Eri & W pfd. „ 12a
Louisville & Nash.288.200 120 114% 118
Manhattan Elev... 13,000 134% 133% 133%
Metropolitan St Ry. 1.300 156 154% 154
Mexican Central... 2,700 29% 29% 29
Mexican National.. 2,300 19% 18% 18%
Minn & St Louis.- 300 1O9V4 108% 108%
Missouri Pacific... 109, 400 103% 100% 100%
Mo, Kan« & Texas. 800 25% 24% 24%
Mo. Ka-ns & T pfd, 2,700 58 54% 64U
New Jersey Cent.. .... 192
New York Central. 4,700 1<54 162% 1623C
Norfolk & Western 10,200 68 56% 5<54i
Nor & We*t pfd •...". ... 90%
Ontario & Western 7,800 ' 33% 32'i 32%
Pennsylvania 13,400 151% 150 150
Reading 24,500 58% 57% 57%
Reading 1st pfd.., 2,300 '82% 81% . 81%
Reading 2d pfd 4,600 C9% 68% 68V'
Et LoulB & S F... 3,000 . 71 70 70
St L & S F 1st pfd 200 83% 83Vt , 83
St L & S F 2d pfd 1.300 74% . 73% 73Vi
8t Louis Swestern. 1,800 28% 27% 27U
St L Swestern pfd. ¦ 3,400 62 C0% CO
1st Paul :. 33,900 168% * 1C5% 166%
St Paul pfd...;.... 500 192 191 190$
Southern Pacific... 3,600 67 65% 65%
Southern Railway.. 182.100 35% ¦- 33% 33%
Southern Ry pfd... 8.700 90% 95 95
Texas & Pacific... 13,000 42% 41Vi 41Vi"
Tol. St L & W 200 21% 2l2 2196
Tol. St L & W pfd. eOO. 38% 3S% 3S«
Union Pacific 59,100 102% lOOVk 10o4
Union Pacific pfd. 2,700 88 87% 87V4
Wabaeh 4.500 24% 23% 23V4
Wabash pfd ; 16,500 45% 43V 43*!
W & Lake Erie.. . 1,300 21 193? Uv.
W & L E 2d pfd.. 2.000 33% 32 22
Wisconsin Cen ... 3,200 25 23% 23 U
Wisconsin Cen pfd. 1,200 48% 46% 40
Express Companies —
Adams ... ... .., ,.,, ;,-;; ,,,, 200
American ... ...., ,..; ,.-- 228
United States -- ,.|* X95
Wells Fargo ..... ,.., .... .... 200
Miscellaneous—
Amalgam Copper... 13,000 65% 64% ' 6414
Amer Car & F... 2,300 29% 28% 2!>tZ
Amer C & F pfd., .... ,;{*. . % gift
Amer Linseed Oil. 2,400 24% 24% 23%
Aiser Lin Oil pfd .... •.;". .^A
Amer Loco , 9,000 32 31% 31V4
Amer Loco pfd ... < ¦ 300 ! 93% 93 ... ,93
Amer Smelt £ Ref, 2,000 47% 47 47M
Amer S & Ref pfd, 400 97% 90% 90%
Anaconda Min Co., 6,000 115 114% 114-
Brooklyn Rap Trn, 3,800 06 64% - C414
Colo Fuel & Iron.., 700 99% 97 97%
Consolidated Gas ,, 6.000 225% 223% 224U
Con Tobaoeo pfd., 1.100 120% 119% 119
General Electric ,, 2,000 327%, 320 320%
Hocking Coal ,.., 900 21% 20% 20%
Internet Paper ,., 300 21% 21% 21%-
Inter Paper pfd.., ' 500 -74%, 74% 74
Internat Power .., 400 103% 101 Vi 101 ¦"¦
Laclede Gas , ' , . - ' ". . . , SQ"
National Biscuit ., 800 51% 60% 50%
National Lead .., 1.400 18% 18 . ,18 ,
National Salt ..,., ....... ...::..:, x lol
National Salt pfd, .... ,.., 50'
North American... 4,800 125 • 124 . 124%
Pacific Coast ...., .... - 70%
Pacific Mail ' 400 42% 42 41 .
People's Ga« ,..., 4,200 , 103% 101% 102
New York Stock Market,
VEGETABLES — Asparagus, extra fancy
$2«?2 25 per box, $1 SOiffil 75 for No. 1 and
$10135 for No. 2; Rhubarb. 40c®$l per
box;- extra fancy. $1 25; Green Peas. 2@3c;
String Beans, - from Los Angeles, 8@15c - in
cluding wax; Cabbage. 40c per ctl; Los Angeles
Tomatoes. $1 25 per box and $1 25 per crate;
Mexican Tomatoes, 75c@$l. 25 per box, includ
ing repacked; Dried Peppers. 10@llc per lb;
Los Angeles do. 13@17tyc; Dried Okra. 12V4@
20c per lb; Carrots. 35©50c per sack; Hothouse
Cucumbers. 50c@$l per dozen for small and
$1250150 for- large; Garjic. lV4@2%c; Los
Angeles Green Peppers. 12V4c: Mexican do 8©
10c: Egg Plant, from Los Angeles, 20c; Sum
mer Squash from Los Angeles, " $1 25@1 75-
Marrowfat Squash. $10015 per ton; Hubbard
Squash, $10@15; Mushrooms, nominal.
ONIONS— Oregons. $2 J?2 15 for the best and
SI 75@2 for lower grades: Australian, $3i&
3 75, second hands; Nevadas, $2 35; Green
Onions. 35@50c per box. ¦
POTATOES — New Potatoes, - 2@3c per Ib
eld. $1 10@l 45 for* Burbanks from the river;
Oregon Burbanks. $1 45@1 R5; Oregon Garnet
Chiles. ; River Reds, $1 60®l (50; Early
Kcse. for need. . $1 OO<0>1 70; . small BurM«k»,
for seed, $1 10@l 35; Sweets, $1 S3 for Mer
ceds in sks and $2 in crates.
Large quantities of Peas • and Rhubarb,
which- were carried over from the previous day,
were sold ' below the quotations. Asparagus
moved off better,' but prices were unchanged.
Receipts of Los Angeles vegetables were light
and most kinds were higher. There were 1003
boxes Tomatoes received from Mexico J>y
steamer. ' -¦•-¦¦.- ¦_.-.-.
. _A,car of Onions. came In from, Nevada and
sold off well. Fancy Oregon Onions bring $2 23
easily when obtainable, but supplies are chlefly
of poor quality and sell slowly, . - Offerings of
green were plentiful. . . - .T -..„...
. • Choice offerings , of Burbank Potatoes con
tlnued-to meet with ready sale at good price*.
The Oregon sttamer arrived with 6803 sacks
and extra choice stock sold readily at the top
quotation. New Potatoes were offering freely
at unchanged prices. . .-, • •
Potatoes, Onions 'and - Vegetables.
SEEDS — Trieste ; Mustard, $2 50@2 ' Gfl • Yel
low Mustard, $3 25@3 60; -: Flax. $2 25@2 50;
9™ a rhJ 1A cJor ¦ Eastern: Alfalfa .from Utah.
@ 2^cle^^n^^ >^¦ 6^ 2: Gree <« 1 »
BEANS— Bayos. $2 4C©2 60; Wall White. $2
@2 25; : large < White, : $2@2 25;' Pea.^$3@3 50;
S"^ 1^, 1^ Red - » 2 25 @ 2 n «: Blacksye,
U 2%SS 75: Limas « $3 C0@3 75 [, Red Kidneys,
$3. 50@4 perctl.l, -- • : - • • .. .4- -....-.-;-
Prices .,for Beans ' remain . about as , before,
with a dull market. :<¦•-" ¦-"•. •-.'.
Beans arid Seeds-
"In the money market there ts Mule change.
There is no scarcity of funds for rood bor-
Towers. but rates are steady and likely to re
main eo until the reserves begin to grow.
Whether Europe will flraw freely upon us for
rcld or not remains to be Been. British and
Jiusrlan loan* are in protpect, and these wonld
¦no doubt cause Borne disturbance in the Inter
national money markets. In this connection
Jt ic well to remember that our Imports ar*
1 eteaclly rising and exports declining, render
f inr impossible the remarkable trade balances
¦which were such a stimulating feature in 1901
and 11)00."
"The moet questionable point in the stock
market Is among the industrials. During the
last few months we have had a succession of
unfavorable reports from these concerns, show-
Ing decreased earnings, mismanagement and a
general failure of the roseate promises In early
j.roppectuse*. l.'nder such condition* the loads
of o-jTcrcapitalttsttoH "begin" to have their effect
and not a few concerns, which It is unneces
sary to . mention, have already undergone
niarked declines in their quotations. The fu
ture of this branch of the market is not prom
ising-. The flay of reckoning, liquidation and
reorpantzation must come. At present it is de
layed by the larpe demand of all kinds of
manufactured products; in short, by the gen
eral activity of business. As boob, however.
«s this begins to eubside, prices decline and
Jrcreased expenses cut Into earnings then we
may look for results which every one hopes
may be postponed as long as possible. Th»
¦dang-er is not near, but it is real nnfl stibuld
JJOt be lost ei*ht of.
"The financial situation is sound and gren
erally satisfactory. Desirable Investments are
in very pood demand and exceedingly scarce,
even at present high level. Hence first-class
railroad securities are held with tenacious
firir.ness, which seems to grow with the con
tinued and wholly unexpectedly favorable rail
road earnings. The most sanguine, expecta
tions in this .respect have been far surpassed
and conservatives are often afraid to express
their convictions. The real reason of railroad
prosperity, hewever, lies not bo much In the
Increase in the volume of trarfic as In the bet
ter rates new obtained. In not a few Instances
the volurce of traffic is not equal to last year.
but high and well-maintained rates explain
ourrt-nt railroad profits. The great value of
the oemmunity-of-intercst idea and Its control
Wt the rate situation is now being illustrated.
It has more to do with the present high values
•of railroad shares than any other single Influ
ence, and so it is easy to understand the sen-
EiUvraes-a cf the market to any legislative at
tacks th£t would alter these conditions. There
U no doubt rr.nch concern In railroad circles
ever the ajvprersive and antagonistic attitude
«f the edmir.istratjon toward railroad Interest*
«n4 th« outcome cl recently begun proceedings
•will be wau-h«-d with intense Interest. The
j>ubllc xvant *i£bilit> of rates above all else;
thty also want rtat-onable rates, and if legis
lation is conlined to these two limitations no
dang-w Is anticipated. But the public also
•wantE competition in rate*, something entirely
incompatible with stability and equality of
rates. Between these conflicting demands the
Legislature must etand and decide which is beet
Joi til concerned, not forgetting that the many
thousands of stockholders and those dependent
¦upon them have nsrhts as well as excitable,
easy-talking shippers who disregard every In
terest but their own.
The New York circular of Henry Clews' eays
CURRENT SITUATION
Views of a leadixg bantcer on the
Wall Street Stocks,
Mall advices from London dated March 22
fctate that a Fteady feeling continues Jn the
salmon market and the consumptive demand Is
maintained. Supplies arrived recently are 65,-
SCl cases on the Dunfermline, Alaska salmon to
Liverpool, and 20.000 cases en the Glenshlel,
Puget Sound salmon' in transit. The market In
Liverpool 1e active, with a large trade in the
better claw of salmon. Squats, ovals and all
Jancy racka««s are In good demand. California
fruits are nerlected eo far as actual business is
concerned, but the Inquiry is improving. Stocks
cf tomatoes are light. priee« 4s to 4s 64.
Fruits and Salmon in England.
1 Cash quotations :; were * as -' follows : -- Flour,
steady; No. 3 spring wheat, C8%@71V4c: No.
2 red, 77%@70c; No. 2'corn, 57%©5Sc;' No. Z
yellow. 57%; No. 2 oats, 42@42V4c; No. 2 white.
44@45c: No. 3 white, . 43V4@44c; No. 2 rj-e,
OOV^c; fair tp choice malting barley, 04037c;
No. 1 Northwestern flax seed,.$l 70; -prime tim
othy seed, $0 50; mess pork, per bbl, 510 55©
10 60; lard, per 100 lbs, $9 G2@:9 65; short-rib
eldes (loose). $8 85@8 95; dry salted shoulders
(boxed),- 7%@7V*c; Bhort clear* sides (boxed),
$9 3C@9 40; whisky," basis of high wines, $130;
clover, 'contract grade, $7 90. ... .V".'.'- '-
Articles — ¦ '¦.' ... • Receipts-. Shipments.
Flour, barrels ,».•......-¦ 38,000 25,000 .
Wheat, bushels ......... 38,000 . 128,000 "
Corn, bushels .....; 89,000- 53,000
Oats, bushels ...........100,000 • 209,000 ..
Rye, bushels^ :':i-- 8,000 i . 5,000
BarlejTj bushels ...4,000 . 3,000.;
. On " the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was easy; creameries, ; 28@29%c; dai
ries, 25@2Gc. Cheese, . firm, 12@13ci Eggs,
steady, 14%o. ( .-.-...
.-. There Is nothing new. Hay' ia easy, and
B:an, Middlings and Rolled Barley flnn.
BRAN — $1C 50@17 per ton ' '
.'MIDDLINGS— $19 C0@21 per ton -' - " '.
¦ FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $2l«?21 B0 per
;2 I J'i. O^£ ake Meal at the mill,' ?23@2a; Jobbing.
JSJJS® 2 ": CocoanutiCake. $20@21 r Corn Meal.
$2»t29^ 50; 'Cracked Corn. • $29" 60030 ; Mixed
Feed. $16if 17; Cottonseed Mcdl. $2C DO.
•o^^ItT^ 6111 ' f9@U50; Wheat and .Oat.
?8 5O0U; Oat; $8©10 BO; Alfalfa. $8@11[ Clo
ver, $i@9t , Volunteer, $0 50@8 50; Stock. StiQS
per ton. .--..- ... - ¦ , . . _ ,
STRAWt-*0©65c per bale ¦ • " ' ' •' : ' "•''•..-
Hay and Feedstuff si
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $3 CO^
3 75, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 40®3 50;
Oregon, $2 75@3 25 per barrel for family and
$303 J50 for .Bakers'; Washington Bakers', $3
@3 50. '. ¦ , . : ¦ . •
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In: sacks are as,>*
lows, .usual .discount to. the trade: . -Graham
Flour. $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. $3; Rye Meal.
$2 i5; Rice Flour,: $7; Corn Meal, $3 25; 'extra
cream do, ?4; Oat Groats, $5 25; Hominy, $4g
4 25;, Buckwheat Flour. $4 50®4 75; Cracked
\Ylieat, $3 50; Farina, $4 HO; I Whole Wheat
Flour, U 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $7 35@0; in
sacks $0 80@8 50; Pearl Barley. .$5 50; Split
Peas, $5 50; Green Peas, $6 50 per 100 lbs. -.-,
Flour and Millstu ffs .
Hay zi'cak and all Feedstuff s firm.
Beans dull, with prices sensitive and unstable.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs still plentiful.
Dried Fruit situation still without feature.
Provisions neglected at unchanged prices.
Prez-ious conditions quoted in Meats.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables show little variation.
Poultry in light receipt and firnu Game dull. '
Oranges firm. Fresh Mexican Limes on the market.
Crackers advanced about 10 per cent.
Local stocks and bonds continue quiet-.
Silver and Exchange about as before-.
Wheat dull and featureless-. Barley steady.
No change in Oats, Corn and Rye,
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS,
Pressed Steel Car.-. 300 41^ 41 41.
Pressed S Car pfd-. 800 84% 8* V 84Vi
Pullman Pal Car.-. .... .... .... 235
Republic 8teel ...i 900 17%- 17 Vi - 17* 4
Republic Steel pfd. 600 73V4 73 73"
Sf • • •, • • • • • • - .: 16.100 132% 131%" ) 131 V4
f- ? c °al & Iron. i 6.000 «9- 68% 07%
h n r? n , B«* & P CO-. ¦ 000 17 1« " 18 ,
UB&PCopfd... .... 4 .. t .... 81^
U S Leather ..... 4,000 13 f-.12?*,Vl2%
Y, ° Leather pfd.v 1.0G0 84 83V4 83Vs
£ | jb 1 b «r •• 1.000 17*i 16% ' 16V4
U Slubber pfd.. .... i# ;t .... 59
US Steel pfd .. .21,700 94 .03% 93%
Western Union ... 300 00V4 " 00 90
Total sales ..1,200,400
CLOSING BONDS.
U S refunding 2s, <' Hocking Val 4^e.U0%
. r*» ....109 L & Nash uni 46.102V4
do coup . . ., . .-.KM Mex Cent 4s. . .... 84V+
do 3s reg., ...... 1OS% do 1st inc...... 33%
do coup 109V6 Minn & St L 4S..104V4
do new 4s reg..l39 / M K &' Tex- 4s... 100%
do coup i30Vi do 2ds 83
do old 4s reg...lll n Y Cent- lsts... 103%
do coup mv4 do gen 3V4s....lO9
do 5s reg 107 N J Cent gren 5s..l40Vi
.. d £. coup •••••••107 North Pac 4s 105V1
Atchison gen 4s..iaj% do 3s .. .: .. . A. 74V4
doadj 4s 94 Norf & W con 4s. 102 ,
Palt & Ohio 4s... 102% Reading sen 4s.. U9
do 3V£s ........ 96Vi St L & I M c 5s.ll6Vi.
do conv 4s. 108Vi St L & S F 48.... 101 '
Can South 2ds...l00 ? St L S W lets... 100
Cent of Ga 5s 112% do 2ds ......... 84
_do 1st inc 83% S A & Ar Pass 4a. 01 Vj
Ches & Ohio 4Vts.lOSU South Pac 4a, 05
Chi & Alton 3V4S.. 84li South Ry 5s7t 122V4
C B & Q new 4s.. a6% Tex & Pac lsts...l21'A
C . M &^ P * 48.115V4 Tol St L & W 4s. 82Vi
C & NW con 7s..l3C% Union Pac 4b.... .106%
C R I & Pac 4s.. 113 do conv 4b..... 107
C C c & StL e 4S.1MV4 Wabash lsts . . . .120
Chi Term 4s ..... 89% do 2ds 110VS
Colo & South 4s.. 94% do deb B ...... 77"/4
£ & R G 4s...... 103V*, West Shore 4s.... 112%
Erie prior lien 4s. 100% Wheel & L E 4s.. 91%
<5o gen 4s 87% Wls Cent 4s.. OS
Ft W & D C lsts. 112% Con Tob 4s C3%
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS/ !
Adams Con k 2O Little Chief ....» 11
Alice ., .v ; 50 Ontario' .......... S 50
Preece -;.V.i 00 Ophir 90
Brunswick Con ... 09 Phoenix 1 Ofl
Comstock Tunnel. 05 Potosl .. ....„ 10
Con Cal & Va 1 20 Ravage .. v 03
Deadwood Terra.. 50 Sierra Nevada ..» 20
Horn Silver 1 40 Small Hopes ....» 45
Iron Silver 75 , Standard > » 3 35
Leadville Con ... 03 1
• BOSTON STOCKS AND BOND&
Money — Westinchse com.".109
Call leans ».4(g!5 Mining — T~ . .
•Time loans ...... .4@5 Adventure ... ... 22Vi
Bonds— Xllouez i\l t
Atchifon 4s ...*.105Vi Amalgamated ... 04&
Mexican Cen 4s.. 83Va Blngham ........ 28'
N E Gas & Coke. 5C Calumet & Hccla.COO
Railroads— Centennial ... ... 19»£
Atchlson 78 Copper Range ... 8«" !
Do pfd 07V4 Dominion Coal V.132 I
Poston & Albany. 263V4 Franklin ¦ ...' H'4 !
N Y N H & H..220 lisle Royale ..... 15 "<
J?1tchbunr pfd . . 147VJ • Mohawk .... 3« I
Cnion Pacific ...10DV4 Old Dominion . ... 21%!
Mexican Central.. 28% Osceola ........ Ci i
Miscellaneous — j Parrot .. .' 28 '
American Sugar. .131 V4 Quincy ... ...... 125
Do pfd lid 14 Santa Fe Copper. 3.1
Amer Tel & Tel. 182 H Tamarack ... ...171
Dom Iron & Steel. 63>,i Trlmountaln 98V4
Mass Electric ... 39 Trinity ..." 13 V4
Do pfd . 96 Vi United States ... in :
N E Gas*& Coke. 5 .Utah 22
United t Fruit ...103V4 Victoria ... ...'. OH
Copper Range ... 88 iWlnona ... ..... 1%'
U S Steel ....... 41%. Wolverine C4
Do pfd ........ 93X Daly West 45&
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
Cons for money.. 94 M K & Texas ... 25^4
Cons for account. 34^4 Do pfd 55V4
Anaconda ... 5% NY Central ....1C7'
Atchison ....... 81%, Norf & Western. 58 V4
Do pfd 101 Do pfd O2',4
Bait & Onio. ....1O9V4 Ontario & West;. 33%
Canadian Pacific. llftii 'Southern Ry' 35%.
Ohesap & Ohio... 48 Do Pfd 98V4
Chicago G W 25 Southern Pac ... 68 Vi i
thi Mil & St P. ..172% Union Pacific ...104%.;
Denver & Rio G. 45% Do pfd 90»4 '¦
! Do pfd 95 U S Steel ...... 43% I
Erie 38% Do pfd, 96%;
Do 1st pfd ..... 70 V4 Wabash ... 25 i
Do 2d pfd 50 Do pfd ..'• 45%
rillnois Central ..14«H Spanish 4s 7S14
Louis & Nash ...117%
¦ Bar silver, steady. 23.%d per ounce.' Money,
2V4@2% per cent. The rate of discount in the •
open market for short bills is 2% per cent, j
The rate of discount In the open market for
three months' bills Is 2% 'per cent, j
London Market. :
>:EW YORK. April 10.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
7 he market was quiet but firm to-day on the
report that the leaders. In South Africa are.
etlll conferring. The Kaffir section of .the
exchange was closed an hour for the memorial
Beivlces to Cecil Rhodes. American stocks be
came firm, but there followed a Fpaum of weak
ness on New York's temporary sales and a 9
per ' cent money rate. These rallied sharply,
cloring near the torx. Louisville and Nash-"
vllle absorbed attention. New York buying
henvlly. London Is puzzled but does not rec
ognize Irresponsible manipulation. Berlin
wts a big buyer of Southern Railway. Atchi- j
son was strong in the expectation of good crop
reports. Canadian Pacific was in demand.
Copper sold at. 53. Underground Railway
shares were strong on the announcement that
the Epeyers had furnished the Underground
El«*ctric Company of London with £5,000,000
capital Money is very scarce.
New York Money Market.
KEW TOIUJ, April 10.— Close: Money on
call, fine. 'at 4@«% per cent: closing offered at
4% per cent. Prime mercantile paper, 4%@5
per cent. Sterling exchange. <»asy, with actual
business In bankers' bills at $4 87% for demand
and at $4 85V» for sixty days. Posted • rates,
$4 SS an>*. $4 S$V&- Commercial bills, $4 84V4®
4 S5V4- Bar silver. 53% c. Mexican dollars,
43c. Government bonds, firm: State bonds, In
active; railroad bonds,' Irregular. ,. ,
Condition of the Treasury.
. WASHINGTON. April 10.— To-day's state-
of the Treasury shows: i Available cash
balances, $179,906,703; gold. $94,387,731.
Mess. $18 50@19; Dry Salt Pork, $11 50@12 50;
Pig Pork. $25; Pigs' Feet. $4 75; Smoked Beef.
13%©14c per lb. -•,-..
-LARD— Tierces quoted at 8®8V4e per lb for
compound : and 11 i&c for pure; half barrels,
pure,-ll%c; 10-lb tins, 12c i 5-lb tins, 12%c:
•3-lb tins. 12V, c- C : •'¦•.•
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel, 10%c; three
half-barrels, 10c; one tierce. 9%cj two tierces,
0%c; five tierces. 9%c "per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Previous conditions prevail and .quotations
for all descriptions . remain unchanged.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuUs and brands sell
about 1 He -'under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers.' 10%c ; medium. 9@0y.c- light. 8@8%c;
Cow Hides. 9c for heavy and 8@8%c for ligfit;
Stags, «@6%c; Salted Kip, 8@8V-c; Salted Veal.
9@$H4c; Salted Calf, 10c; Dry Hides, 16c; Culls
14c; Dry Kip, 13c; Dry Calf. 18c; Culls and
Brands, 15c; Shee;>sklns, shearlings, 20@30c
each; short Wool. 35@uuc each; medium, Wrp
75c; long Wool, 9Qc@$l 10 each; Horse Hides,
salt, ?2 75@3 for large and $2 25®2 50 for me
dlum. $1 for small and 50c for Colts: Howe
Hides, dry. ?1 75 for large. $1 25@1 50 for me
dium, $1 for small and 50c for Colts. Buck
Skins — Dry Mexlcan,'32%c; dry salted Mexican.
25c; dry Central American, 32%c. Goat Skins
—Prime Angoras, 75c | large and smooth. 60c;
medium, 35c. .-..',¦ , ''.•"-."'
-TALLOW — No. 1 rendered. 8%©6c p>r lb;
No. 2. 4%@5c;greaee. 2%i§>a%c. ¦ .
WOOL— Spring— Northern ¦ free, 14©lCc; do,
defective, 13914c: Middle county free. 13015?;
do defective, 12@13c; Southern. 12 . months,
9<ai0c: do. 7 'months, 9@llc; Foothill. ll@13c;
Nevada. 12® 15c Der lb. • ¦ : ,.„_,.
HOPS— ll@12c for fair and 12%®14c per
lb for good to choice.) first hands. \
San Francisco Meat Market. [
Hogs rule firm with moderate receipts. Beef
is steady. Mutton" firm and Lamb weak under
increasing .supplies; Quotations ', are n j n "
chanseds' .V h ' . : : ¦ :/ -r>
.-¦- j; . ; DRESSED MEATS. . f **
. S Wholesale' rates from slaughterers to dealers
a ire as follows:.: - .--.; *¦-.•¦:•¦• ¦¦¦-. -.¦¦-¦ : ¦ ... ->'
- BEEF— 7@7%c ; for Steers- and 6®7c per - lb
• -. VEAL-f Large. 7%©8%C; small, S%®10c per
pound- - '= "/. '
,.- MUTTON— Wethers, 8%©9%c; Ewes. 8@8%c
' F«r - pound. - • V ~ . '. ' ' ¦'
¦ LAMB— Yearlings, C01Oc per lbi Sprlnjc
Lamb. ll%®12%e perlb/ .
, . PORK— Dres»ed Hogs, 7%®9%c per lb.
.: j; . LIVESTpCK MARKET.
- The following quotations are for good sound
livestock delivered at San Francisco, . less 50
per cent shrinkage for cattle: -.-.*- Ji srt - a
•-- CATTLE— Steers, ¦ 8%@9c; Cowjj and' Heifers,
•7@7%e; thin Cows 4®5c' per lb. ¦•'.'-., ".• .;•; ¦;
CALVES— 4%fg5%c per lb (gross weight).' v
.. SHEEP— Wethers, ;4%@5ci Ewes,'3%<{^4e per
lb" (rross Velghth ; r - : - 'y:'f'" .'"-'' t - '•¦' •¦'
I ¦ LAMBS— Suckling ; " Lambs. ''S2 30@2 75 per
head I or 6V4<S0c ' per lb - llveweight; yearllng>,
4V4@5c cerlb. - . • M. " ".'.- '-•"¦.•-(•
- - HOQS — Live Hogs, 200 lbs and under, 6%e:
200 .lbs., and over, 6%c: feeders. 5^0
6V4c; ' sows, 20 per cent off: boars, CO per
cent off, ¦ and j stags, - 40 per cent off from the
above • Quotations.- .
General Merchandise.
BAGS— Grain Bags, June and July, Be; San
Quentin.' 5.55c; Wool Bags, 32©35c; Fleece
Twine, ;7V4©8c.
; COAL— Wellington. $9 per ton; Southfield
Wellington. $9; Seattle. $6 60; Bjryant. $8 50;
Roslyn, $7: Coos Bay, $5 50; Grr'a, $8; Walls
end, $8 50; Co-operative Wallsend, $3 50; Cum
berland, $12 In bulk and $13 25 in stacks; Penn
sylvania" Anthracite Egg, ; Welsh Anthra
cite, $14; Cannel, $11 per ton; Coke, $15 per ton
in bulk and $17 in sacks; Rocky Mountain de
scriptions, $8 45 per 2000 lbs and $8 59 per ton,
according to brand.
OIL — Calltorma Castor Oil. In cases. No. 1.
70c; pure. $1 20; Linseed Oil. In barrels, boiled.
7Gc: raw. 74c; cases, 5c more; Lucol. 66c for
boiled and 64c for raw. In barrels; Lard OU.
extra winter strained, barrels. 00c; cases. 05c;
China Nut." 67V4@C8c per gallon; pure Neats
foot, in barrels. 70c; cases, 75c; Sperm, pure,
65c; Whale Oil; natural white, 40@50c per gal
lon; Fish Oil. . barrels. 42%c; cases, 47%c: Co
coanut Oil. Darrels. 63%c for Ceylon and 5SV4c
for Australian.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil. in bulk.
13V4c: Pearl Oil. In cases. 20c: Astral. 20c;
Star, 20c: Extra Star, 24c; Elaine, 25c; Eocene.
22c: deodorized stove Gasoline, in bulk, lftt^c;
In cases, 22c; Benzine, In bulk, 14%c; In cases.
21c; SO-degree Gasoline, in bulk, 20c; in cases
20^c. " '
.- TURPENTINE — 67c per gallon In cases and
61c In drums and Iron barrels.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per pound, in 100-lb
bags: Cubes, A. Crushed and Fine Crushed.
4.50c: Powdered. 4.35c; Candy Granulated.
4.35c; Dry Granulated Fine, 4.25c; Dry Granu
lated Coarse. 4.25c; Frutt .Granulated, 4.25c:
Beet Granulated (100-lb bags- only), none;
Confectioners' A. 4.25c; Magnolia A, -3.85c;
Extra • C, 3.75c; Golden C. 3.65c; "D." 3.55c;
barrels. 10c more;", half-barrels, 25o more;
boxes, 50c more; 50-lb ba^s. 10c more, for all
kinds. 'Domino* — Half-barrelB, "4.75c;* boxes."
6c per lb. No order taken for less than 75
barrels or its equivalent. *
CRACKERS — Have been marked up about 10
per cent. The new price Hat will be issued
shortly.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
old groove - day . after day, •'¦ with ; no changes
worthy:, of .. note. -< Chicago- reported , cash : Oats
scarce and wanted at 10c over July. . -• * \
;_Grays. $1 3O@l 40; 7 whites, $1 30<Sl 45;Sur-
P ri |«. f 1 40@l 45; - black. 51 12%@1 32% ; , red.'
51 3001 42% per ctL .,
CORN— Previous quotations rule, with a dull
market. The Western" markets j however, are
showing more animation. Kansas City; shorts
aro very .; nervous ¦ and , that market yesterday
reported an eager demand, with all cash sam
ples gobbled 4 up as fast as • displayed t on - the
tables at much better prices than ruled on the
preceding • day. ' : -¦¦ <\
•i 1^ 1^? : . Ye 'Jow, $1 35@1 45; small round do.
*£&£%££ per $ ctr @1 °° PCr CU 
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at $165®! 75 l ?r
lapsed Into ' dullness with < the general wait for
the /Government crop. ::i : The close was strong.
May pork, lOo, up, lard 5@7%c higher and rlb3
5@7%c up.' --..-. :..-..-.:¦., ..... , vvyv
;.. The leading futures ranged as follows: . •-, „<
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 11, 1902.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Foreign Futures,
STOCK MARKET.
New York Grain and Produce.
LOCAL MARKETS.
•CURED MEATS— Bacon, -.12%o 'per -lb tor
heavy. -.. 13c for •. light > medium, 14c • for light,
16c; for extra "light and -15 He for . sugar-cured ;
Eastern v. sugar-cured .; Hams, • 13 Vic; ¦ California
Hams/ 12%©13c; Mess Beef. $0(S9 50 per bar
rel; extra Mesa, $10<Q10 50; Family, $11©U 50;
prime ; Mess : Pork, $16; ' extra clear, : $22 50fl«3;
11
•"Articles — : Open. "High:
Wheat. Noi 2—
May ....... i 72 .72%
July .......; 72%, v :72%
September ¦-. : ¦ 72% V ,72%
Corn No.' 2 — v >
May ......... B8% 09%
July ......... B9i£ 59%
September... 58% 59
Oats No. 2—' . ' -• : .
May .... ..... '42%"- 42%
July ;. .\y. '.'. i 33% . 33%
September .. 28% ¦ 23
Hets . Pork, per bbl —
May ........ ltt 55 10 CO :
July . . .7. . .'.10 75 16 73
Lard.-ner 100 lbs — ¦ ••
May ........ 0 67% : 9 70
July ........ 0 72% , » 80
September . . 0 82% ¦ • 9 90 '
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
May 8 97^- 8 07^.
July ........ 9 07% 9 10 ,
Septemher ,. 9 15 9 20.
; . LOW;
71%
¦72
71%
• . B8'/i
: 58 f+
. 58 (5
41%
| 83%
28%
10 52
10 07
9 05 <
972%
9 82%
. 8 92%
9.05 .
'9 15 •
Close.
>•¦' 71%
72%
71%
59U
¦41%
33%
29
16 60'
10 67-
: 9 67V4
9 77%
9 65
8 97%
9 10
• 9 17%
i
'AS'
RECORD.
CTAXXCKCSk
K £
<t JJ, » —
S3 H3
«< « c
•1 3 t S
• £
c c
• ?
D
II
S
!!
? - _
•t
1
- 5"
p
Astoria , .
Baker ,,
Carson , .
Du r< ka
JFresno ....>.
Klagstaff
Pocatello, Iflg
Indepenflenc*.
1*';* Angeles . .
Phoenix
Portland , . . „
Bed Bluff
Roseburg
6«cramento .
Bait Lake
Ban Francisco
6. L. ObUpo.
Can Diego...
Seattle ,.-...
Epokane , . , .
JCeah Bay
"Vl^alla Walla.
Winnemucca.
tuma ,
. .29.03
.,30. 14
. .29.88
..30.12
..29.96
. .29.82
a.i'i.16
..29.86
..29.88
..2».72
,.2».»«
..29.98
..30.00
..29.98
..30.10
0.30.06
..30.00
,.2».82
.^0.08
-.30.2*
. .30.0*
..30.14
..29.98
..29.70
56 40
54 24
54 28
54 40
08 38
64 22
00 26
70 S6
70 42
86 48
£8 86
66 48
es 34
66 44
60 32
&8 48
es 4«
00 vi
50 36
r,2 30
48 36
60 34
58 24
90 S2
KE
SB
W
Nff
NW
SW
S
S
SW
nvjt
E
BE
W
s
NW
W
W .
SW
N
KE
E
N
K
W
Cloudy .02
Clear ,00
Cloudy .00
Pt Cldy .CO
Clear .00
Pt Cldy .00
Clear .00
Pt Cldy .00
Clear .00
Clear .00
Cloudy ,04
Cloudy ,C0
Pt Cldy .00
Clear ,00
Clew ,00
Clear • ,00
. Clear » ,00
Clear ,00
Pt Cldy .00
Clear .00
Cloudy ,00
Clear ,00
Cloudy, .00
Clear .00
i
'AS'
RECORD.
CTAXXCKCSk
K £
<t JJ, » —
S3 H3
«< « c
•1 3 t S
• £
c c
• ?
D
II
S
!!
? - _
•t
1
- 5"
p
Astoria , .
Baker ,,
Carson , .
Du r< ka
JFresno ....>.
Klagstaff
Pocatello, Iflg
Indepenflenc*.
1*';* Angeles . .
Phoenix
Portland , . . „
Bed Bluff
Roseburg
6«cramento .
Bait Lake
Ban Francisco
6. L. ObUpo.
Can Diego...
Seattle ,.-...
Epokane , . , .
JCeah Bay
"Vl^alla Walla.
Winnemucca.
tuma ,
. .29.03
.,30. 14
. .29.88
..30.12
..29.96
. .29.82
a.i'i.16
..29.86
..29.88
..2».72
,.2».»«
..29.98
..30.00
..29.98
..30.10
0.30.06
..30.00
,.2».82
.^0.08
-.30.2*
. .30.0*
..30.14
..29.98
..29.70
56 40
54 24
54 28
54 40
08 38
64 22
00 26
70 S6
70 42
86 48
£8 86
66 48
es 34
66 44
60 32
&8 48
es 4«
00 vi
50 36
r,2 30
48 36
60 34
58 24
90 S2
KE
SB
W
Nff
NW
SW
S
S
SW
nvjt
E
BE
W
s
NW
W
W .
SW
N
KE
E
N
K
W
Cloudy .02
Clear ,00
Cloudy .00
Pt Cldy .CO
Clear .00
Pt Cldy .00
Clear .00
Pt Cldy .00
Clear .00
Clear .00
Cloudy ,04
Cloudy ,C0
Pt Cldy .00
Clear ,00
Clew ,00
Clear • ,00
. Clear » ,00
Clear ,00
Pt Cldy .00
Clear .00
Cloudy ,00
Clear ,00
Cloudy, .00
Clear .00
•"Articles — : Open. "High:
Wheat. Noi 2—
May ....... i 72 .72%
July .......; 72%, v :72%
September ¦-. : ¦ 72% V ,72%
Corn No.' 2 — v >
May ......... B8% 09%
July ......... B9i£ 59%
September... 58% 59
Oats No. 2—' . ' -• : .
May .... ..... '42%"- 42%
July ;. .\y. '.'. i 33% . 33%
September .. 28% ¦ 23
Hets . Pork, per bbl —
May ........ ltt 55 10 CO :
July . . .7. . .'.10 75 16 73
Lard.-ner 100 lbs — ¦ ••
May ........ 0 67% : 9 70
July ........ 0 72% , » 80
September . . 0 82% ¦ • 9 90 '
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
May 8 97^- 8 07^.
July ........ 9 07% 9 10 ,
Septemher ,. 9 15 9 20.
; . LOW;
71%
¦72
71%
• . B8'/i
: 58 f+
. 58 (5
41%
| 83%
28%
10 52
10 07
9 05 <
972%
9 82%
. 8 92%
9.05 .
'9 15 •
Close.
>•¦' 71%
72%
71%
59U
¦41%
33%
29
16 60'
10 67-
: 9 67V4
9 77%
9 65
8 97%
9 10
• 9 17%
AUCTION SAMS
AUCTION!
J5r> ". fe , #». fe«
Fourth Consignment of X>. MILLER HORSE3
Will Be Sold
MONDAY, April 14,' at 10 a. m.,
1619 MARKET ST.
Horses suitable for all classes of work. Broken,
4 gentle, j sound.
Also 25 Head of CITY-BROKE HORSE3 and
25 BUGGIES, besides 25 SETS OF
HARNESS. CARTS, etc.THE SAN FB ANCISCQv CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 11, 1902/
12
PUS IX 'E5 IS CHAK CES— Con t In ng d.
A — INear the Call biilfdins.
MARION GRIFFIN. 71U Market at., ran 1-2.
Telephone niack l-S-0-3.
BUSINESS CHANCES A SPECIALTY.
A grocery store for $700, nice corner; rent
$17; 3 living rooms. —
Grocery and bar. $300; rent $25.
Saloon, rent f»5; daily sales $20; $S0O.
A fine meat market tor $1200; 2 horses. 2
wagons, fine fixtures; rent $15,- daily saU'S$7<S
Transfer business; 3 wagons, 5 horses;
$13i>0; reVit S15; good business.
Delicacies. hran=h bakery. » r.. rent $15.?275
Branch bakery, clearing $40 month. ..... .$250
Fine cigar stand: clears $75: price... .$325
Grocery, $1000: 3 living rooms; clears $128.
Grocery/and bar, ?500; dally sales $12 to $15.
Restaurant, $fcoo; clears $l.>0, on Marko: st.
¦A— JOSEPH STRAUBT"
650 Market st, cor." Stockton.
Telephone, Grant 17T.
Real Estate Agent.
Property Bought and Sold.
Rents Collected.
Loans Negotiated.
Legitimate Business Agent.
Rozidhouse and hotel; on San Mateo electric
railroad. . ' /
Branch bakery; good for roan and wife.
Delicatessen store; good location, ; ;\ '
Hotel; south of Market; 20 rooms; fine oppor-
tunity for rieht party. : ¦
A — $S5C; PARTNER ln cash grocery and liquor
store; established 16 years; full value in
I sight; one of firm retiring; remaining partner
thoroughly understands the business. K.
I . KENNY, 75 Third st ¦ ' '
j A-^SOO; BRANCH bakery, dairy produce and
: oell.catessen; -fine store; grand location; 4
1 living rooms; low rent; 'clearing $100 .per
i • month; trial allowed before buying." K.
, KENNY/ 75 Third st . .'
A — IF you want to sell your store, saloon, coal
, : yard, routss of any' kind or any other legltl-
. mate' business or want a partner In any falr-
vaylrig business see K. KENNY. 75 Third st.
Cash customers waiting; established 18C8..
I 1IADE a. good strike last summer 300 miles
from Nome, Alaska; I want to make
up a party to go back there lr.
May; parties must have $350 to defray
; your expenses; plenty of rich ground not yet
j . staked. For particulars address or call on
! CHAS. R. KAISER. Chicago Hotel. West
. Berkeley, Cal.
I AN established paying mtdlcal specialist's busi-
ness for sale at a bargain; clearing $5000 a
year; name. lease, tooJ will, furniture, flx-
; tures etc.. all go; opportunity given for In-
vestigation to those who mean business; sat-
itfactory reasons for selling. Box 4511. Call.
FOR SALE — Grocery and fruit store ln thrifty
town 10.000 Inhabitants with monthly pay
loll of J120.000: stock, fixtures, wagons, etc.
will Invoice $1700; good reasons for selling.
A'idrexs Grocery, box 1G5. Vallejo, Cal.
MILLINERY ctore for sale ln best town ln
j Eastern Oregon; $700 down. $700' on easy
payments; doing excellent business; personal
reasons for selling. Address P. O. box 170.
Sumpter. Or..
FOR SALE-^-Restaurant and oyster house at
ISO" Folsom £t; selling account of leaving
city. ,
; PARTY to take equal Interest ln paying busl-
iiess; qualifications for salesmanship and
small capital required. Box 4S56. Call office.
FOR Sale— Outside route this paper; call from
6 to 7 p.- m.; Saturday and Sunday excepted.
927 Shotwell st.
FINE grocery and saloon for sale; at terminus
of car line; with house and 4 lots; reasonable
to right party. Box 4S18, Call office. .
CORNER grocery and bar; kept by present
owner. 15 years; a first-class location and pay-
ing business. 74S Brannan st.
FOR sale or exchange — Fine road house, .a
Khort distance from San Francisco. Inquire
513 Pacific st « .
SALOON for sale opposite the ferry. Apply
111 East st. north of Market.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1090
Valencia st
LODGIXG-HOUSES FOR SALE.
A — . / Near the Call building.
! MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market st. rms 1-2.
Telephone Black l-S-0-3.
Money to Loan.
Big free list of lod'ging-houses at my office.
All for sale on easy terms. Please call.
A family hotel: best corner In S. F. ;
clears j $S14 per month over all expenses;
books open for inspection by bona fide buyer;
lease for 10 years; furniture the very best,
nearly new, cost $14,300; price $12,000; terms
: part down, balance in installments tc'suit
.« ' 47 rooms; in best block N. of Market:
costly mahogany turniture; best mattresses
of curled hair; lease of building; Income over
$400; price $3750; part cash, part on time.
20 rooms; fine location on Sutt»r; rent
$75; income nearly $200; clejfn; stllctly re-
spectable; price $1600; ',•. cash; % on time.
- 6 rooms; rect $15; income $35; price $175.
ANT of the following on monthly payments:
7-room modern flat; reduced to...-. $525
15 rooms; transient; clears $100 700
S-room flat; snap; Geary st i 200
100 rooms; Market St.; clears $350 6000
17 rooms; north of Market; clears $100. 1000
9 rooms; clears $40; jupst listed 450 ;
35 rooms; near Market; snap 2100
125 rooms; clears $450; only. 7000 1
30 rooms; clears $150; payments.:"..... 1500
9 rooms; sunny corner; a beauty; only. 375 •
32 rooms; Powell: big transient trade.. 3500
20 rooms; clears $75; only 350
40 rooms; clears $108 8C0
A. H. RETSLOFF. phone John 531.
' - 906 Market St.. corner Ellis.
$500 — S ROOMS; clears $75; big transient trade.
RETSLOFF. 906 Market Bt .
A— a D. DAVIS.
Koom 53. V Tel. Bush 270.
Columbian Building. Opp. Emporium.
/ \
The Leader - '
— In—
Rooming-Houses and Hotels.
If you want to Invest in a good
rooming-house or hotel why don't
you see C. D. DAVIS?
FOR Rent — 29 rooms; fine sunny corner; make
swell boarding-house; rent $150; long lease.
C. D. DAVIS.
A — I HAVE bargains coming all the time; It
will pay you to visit my office once a day.'
C. D. DAVIS.
A. CAMERON & CO..
850 Market st. and 8 Stockton rt.,
Rooms 21. 22. 23. Phone Bush 328. —^i
If you lnnre hotels, rooming-bouses or business
to fell, list with us; buyers call; we can suit
you; have bargains in hotels, lodging-houses,
fiats; all sizes and prices; In all parts of city.
SPECIAL BARGAINS :..
13 r.; rent $55: elegant piano; Al loc. '..$1125
14 r.; fine residence; first-class every way. 1200 j
C r.; mod. flat: new fur.; 2 mo. ; reduced. 500 1
20 r. ; Al loc ; good fur., carp. ; clears $100 1900
53 r.; total expense of house $175; a parts. 2900
* Money Loaned. 1% per cent
WINSTON & WOLFE. ¦ ..- - • i
1020 MARKET ST. — 1026 MARKET ST. i
(Photograph Gallery Entrance.) |
10 rooms: rent $22; good furniture; only. $350 j
_ 24 rooms; rent $55; central . 1650 I
38 rooms; rent $S0: money-maker. ...... 2250
- 31 rooms; rent $100; Just listed 2100 !
22 rooms; rent $70; part cash 1300
15 rooms; rent $C5; good furniture. 1000
35 rooms; rent $80; N. of Market.. 2000
63 rooms; rent $200; lease; see this
F00 other houses on our list to select from;
telephone Jessie 2211.
GEORGE W. BROWN, 783% Market st, •""
Room 3; phone Clay 46. Money to loan.
15 rooms; swell; V-.y window; newly fur. .$1600
17 rooms; north side; light, sunny house.'. 900
14 rooms; fine mahogany furniture; price.. 2000
J6 rooms; corner bay-window house; yard.. 850
20 rooms; rent only $50; new carpets..... 1200
13 rooms; for .this week only; sickness ... 1000
43 rooms; corner,bay-window; income $100. 1100
We offer any of the: above on payments.
WANTED— A 15 to 20 roomed: house; must be
reasonable; north' side. 783% 'Market, room 3.
GOOD transient house; new furniture S1800
36 rms. ; mechanics' hotel ; man and wife 1000
18 rets.; 3d Bt: always filled; rent $70..' 800
300 rms. ; corner house for men 5000
COrme.; offices and rooms; low rent.... 3200
35 rms.; Howard; rent only $65; terms. 1400
. 40 rms/; man house; rent $45; bargain.. 700
Money loaned at 1 per cent ' , t
Hoteli. houses and flats, 5 to 200 rooms.
EITEL & CARROLL. 1032 Market st
DONALD INVESTMENT COMPANY
850 Market et — (IncJ.. Phone Davis 28L
• Reliable dealers ln -^rooming-houses, hotels.
• business chances- and real estate. .
. "We furnish vacant houses and •
Loan Money at lowest rates. .
Something new every day.
New houses to lease. ¦
McBRIDE & CO.. 765 Market— Some bargains.
- $lfi£0— 18 rooms; Kearny; all light; net $100.
. $375 — 19 rooms; Jackson; good and easy work.
$700 — 17 rooms;'Jones; nice business.
$160 — 7 rooms; 3d st. Money to loan on lodg-
Ing houses: 70 more houses; bargains; choicer.
14-ROOM house; a sacrifice if sold before April
16; house Just renovated and handsomely fur-
nished with entirely new furniture through-
x out. » Apply rooms 220-227. Parrott building,
fifth floor. . -¦ y
LODGING-HOUSES and hotels to suit all
classes of buyers; large list; calland investi-
gate before buying. ..-.'.: .
G. W. SCHWEINHARD.
917 Market Et (Ufcgtalra). bet. Sth and flth.
BOARDING-HOUSE, 6 rooms, elegantly fur-
nlshed; steady boarders; must sell; owner
leaves; any reasonable price ' accepted. 402
Clementina st. near 'Sixth. - . ..-
A— NOTICE — We have rooming-houses,all sizes
ard prices, -In all parts of the city; get our
list flrat. MITCHELL & CO.., 1208 Market.
NEW downtown, apartment house." partly fur-"
. . nlihed. let. floor rented: purchased or rented
by , responsible -party cheap. .,Box ' 093. , Call.
14 ROOMS, furnished; clears $50 month; price
$375; cheap at $500. STRAND, 209 Kearny.
' EOUCATTOKAT,— -CotitlhTied. 1
ALL , Gregg ! stenographers secure - positions ; 34
.-; good -positions In March: rapid, figures a spe-
clalty. S. F.- Business College. 1230 Market.
$5 ONLY— Thorough bookkeeping at your home.
_JSxperf302'Van Ness ave.-- --¦ ¦¦ ¦ •''¦'¦'-'.
ILLUSTRATION — PARTINGTON'S~DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— Night class. 424 Pine st. -
•HEALD'S. Eusl ness College, '24. Post' st, S. F.; j
founded 1863; new 80-page catalogue f ree. . .
_ ''¦¦' _^ ' 'ELEVATORS.
ELEVATORS Inspected and repaired at moderate
prices. J.E.Upphoff,5C5 Mission: tel. John 3S36.
OFFICES^^
A — JAPANESE reliable house-cleaning, cooks
nnd jvalters- furnished at short notice. Geo.
Klroshlta. 1293 Page, cor. Lyon; tel.Fell 8501.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office — Furnish most
reliable, help. 024 Bush st. ; tel. Bush 516. -
CHINESE and Japanese hplp; estab. 20 years. I
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO., €40 Clay. |
Grand Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office. 415 Stock-
Grant 1CS;. expert, reliable; help.
JAFANESE and Chinese best help; cook and
waiter. -421 Poat^ GEO. AOKI; tel. Bush 135,
¦RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce; all kinds -help. -315 Stockton: Main 5188.
ORPHEUM Employment Of fice-r Japanese. Chi- I
nose help. 426 Powell.nr.Sutter-.tel.Black 5072. |
EjW^OjrME^^^W^NTED^FE^LB]
A YOUNG German woman wishes -work by the
day. Tel. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter st.
A YOUNG woman; good cook and houseworker}
$20. - MRS. NORTON. 813 Sutter st. •
A YOUNG colored woman; first-class nurse;
good references. MRS. NORTON. 813 Sutter.
A MARRIED, woman with a child would go
Into the country; light housework; good home;
small wages. Apply 319 Minna st.
GERMAN woman -wants anjfTcind of work by
the day; no window washing; $1 CO per day.
1917 Polk st. ' .
GOOD laundress wants work two days In week;
best city references. Address Laundress. Call
A branch office. 300 Hayes st -'
WANTED — Position as wetnurse,; young wo-
>-man. . 009 Ivy ave. ,
A LADY of refinement - and education wishes
position, also a first-class cook,- or to take
charge of first-class rooming-house, or cook-
Ing for a club; . can come with references.
Address box 4820. Call office.
RESPECTABLE woman as nurse by the w*ek
'or month; would care for invalid; good ref-
erences. Call before 8 p. m., 892, Geary st
AMERICAN woman wishes place \ as house-
. keeper or take charge of rooming-house.
n32>i Sixth st. MRS. COOK.
WOMAN with one child wants situation; first-
class cook; good home ' preferred. Address
M. S., box 4832. CalL ~^
SINGLE lady wants position as housekeeper ln
' the mountains. Box 4257. Call office, Oakld.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket — 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50
1 -to $6 week; convenient and respectable; free
bU3 and baggage to and from ferry.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar, 639 McAllister st.
A BRANCH office for. Call advertisements and
subscriptions has .been established at 1099
Valencia st. •¦¦..; .'. •
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALE.
MARRIED man, thoroughly understands farm-
. ing, orchard and vineyard work, wants to
take charge of place; good man with horses;
good references. P. D., 21 %. Harrison ave.,
off Folsom st ; - "- . • .
'YOUNG man, epeaklng English, German, some
.Spanish, with experience ln buying and sell-
ing cattle, wishes situation. A. F. P., box
4305. Call office.' ¦
HONEST, reliable young man wants position j
on ranch, acquainted .with all kinds of farm
work; $35 per month and board. Box 4861, !
Call office. . . -I
MAN and wife, both cooks, want work' same
place, city or country; man also farmer and
teamster. 153% Third st, room 15.
YOUNG man wishes situation in a family as
Indoor servant and wait at table; first-class
references. Box ¦ 4SC8, Call office.
YOUNG German wishes position as bartender
•< in city or country; can give good references.
' .' Box 48C4. Call office.
BARTENDER — Just disengaged, competent,
sober and honest young bartender wants a
situation.- Address box 4869, Call office. - '
MIDDLE-AGED man. handy with horses . and
tools .wants light .work: no milking; small
wages if good place. - Address H. W..'- llu^
. -Second st. r> - .¦"*.'.", ., . ; ¦ ,, .:_
NURSE, with best of references; well liked by
all; surgical or medical; rates $1 50 day.
Box 4336. Call office, yi; ' .
FIREMAN wants position; ¦ seven years' ex-
perlence; best of references. ¦ Box 4740. Call.
POSITION wanted by thoroughly reliable Scan-
dinavian on city or country place as coach-
man, gardener and general utility man; can
milk and understands his business thorough-
ly; references. Box 1464. Call.
SITUATION wanted by a Danish man 56 years
old; understands gardening, flowers, vege-
tables, fruit, care of horses, poultry: can
milk; best of references: wages about $30
' month. Address or call 331 /Kearny st. r. 36.
YOUNG American with a thorough knowledge
of the fruit and produce business; can furnish
Al reference as to ability. Address JOHN J.
SHEA, Baldwin ,House.
ENGINEER and blacksmith would like position
ln sawmill. Address box 4739, Call office.
JAPANESE, good cook, wants a situation ln
family in city or country; wages $6 up a
week; references. K. U., 1 Chatham place, off
Bush st. -;¦¦ . ,- -
JAPANESE, nice boy. ; wants a position as
schoolboy ln small family. G. ' SUNADA. 1
Chatham place, off Bush st. , ' ¦ '
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has • been established at 1096
. Valencia St. .
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 FiUmore.
• "¦ FINANCIAL.
THE "Phoenix Savings" of 638 Callfornia"st?
• San Francisco. Cal.. has a subscribed capital
of threo million dollars. Reserve fund $100-
000. Tho only association In California with
' r permanent . non-withdrawable capital, pro-
|,tectlng Investing shareholders from possible
loss. Earnings for 1901, 9 per cent. Guar-
antees and pays 6 per cent on $100 certifi-
cates, withdrawable after one year. Make
definite loan contracts. • Interest low. \ ': .
Directors— A^ A. Watklns. vice president
- ,W.-W. Montague & Co., and president Board
of Trade, S. F.; Charles R. Bishop. - vice I
: president Bank of California, S. F. director I
Savings and Loan Society, S. F., and Cali-
fornia Title Insurance and Trust Co. S.rF.;
S. Prentlss Smith, late assistant * cashier
Bank of California, S. F., director National
Bank of D. O. Mills, Sacramento; George C.
Boardman; General Aetna ¦ Insurance Co. 8.
F.. director San- Francisco Savings Union;
Charles E.- Ladd of Ladd & TUton, - bankers.
Portland. Or. ; Gavin McNab, attorney at
law; Clarence Grange, late Building and Loan
¦ Commissioner of Montana.
Trustee — Mercantile Trust Company/ of
, San Francisco. * v '•*' ~ . : r 1 '
PACIFIC Underwriting & Tnist Co. (Inc.)— We 1
•have 42 offices in operation; new method of
¦ placing . stocks and bonds; companies- incor-
porated; stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
or address main office, 607-8-0 Parrott bldg.
COMPANIES Incorporated and financed; stocks
and bonds sold; good 'projects, wan ted; lnves-'
tigate pur underwriting guarantee plan; write
us. Pac. States Mlnlng&Inveat. Co.. 326 Post.
; V ;¦'':¦'"'.'.''-. FLATS : . TO ¦- LET. * ; . ", f [ • ..' '
TO LEIr-New flats, cheap,' on Frederick- st..
near /Stanyan. efpposlte Golden Gate Park..
Apply G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14'Montgom-
..' cry Bt. ¦ -,i, ,',...- ,.. ..... .:, . .;.•»¦;..- R ;
A NEW modern upper flat of 0 rooms and bath;
j rent reasonable. .. Inquire at 1180 Stanyan st.
[ NEW modern sunny flats; 'yards and base-
ments; Dpar Park. 257 Carl St., nr. Stanyan.
i .. ¦ '. - - - ~~ ¦ . .; ..,--¦ . • . -
1 7 ROOMS and bath, v 117 Leavenworth st r
• AN elegant lower flat, 5 rooms and "bath;
¦ choice location. Gough St., near Ellis. : ,
I NICE- cozy flat of 4 '• rooms ; ; stationary . : wash-
;^ tubs and bath ; , $18. 1 181A . Howard st. \
__^F1JIIXITUIIE /FOR SALE.
HOUSE of 5 - sttnny ' rooms and bath. I suitable
for young "maftried^ couple or office; call: and
be convinced ; tent . $16 50 ; no dealers ; can be
occupied at once; also the furniture, nearly
new, for Bale $165..;-. 215%: Sixth ¦ st. . ,
AT CAVANAGH. Furniture; Co.", - 81S and 850
.'. Mission St.— Special Inlaid linoleum/ 65c yard;
.-couches. $3; stoves. $5; chairs, -35c; bed sets, J
: $8 and up; 4 rma. furn., oak. $48, No. 7 stove. \
4 ROOMS furnished in oak. $48 50. ; with i Nor 7.
,-¦; range.. King Furniture Co., .1127-1131 Market.-'
FURNITURE of . 3-room - fiat -for. sale; almost
, new; rent $12. .{. 522A Natoma > st. ... '.- j -^ •7
. 1 FURyiTtRE WANTED.
A. WOLLPERT, -773 Mlsslon/st; /pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red , 1354/
BIG price paid for furniture for CO days; special
;• reasons. WAUGH, . r/; 415, Examiner bldg. ;.
'^^^^ .^'GLOVES.'.,- " '
D. & F. BLACK suede gloves; best In 'tnTworld;
warranted; kei»t in. repair. 121 Grant ave.' -
¦: A— MURRAY & READY. ....Phone Main 5S4S
. - :- - 634-636 Clay st.
Iieadlng Employment and Labor Agents. _
¦ Office Open 7 a. m. --.--•*
Nevada. .;¦..-. .Salt Lake Division
• NeÚ Salt Lake Division
- Free Fare. -
- 2000 R. R. Men.
i B50 teamsters ,\300 rockmen
I 200 laborers ...50 drillers
6 carpentera' helpers. .V..... '10 mason helper*
Extra gangs '. Steel gangs
• , Ship Morning - and Night.
¦ - Free Fare.
Wages .$2 to $4 day
Laborers
; 3 laborers for a boat, $2 day;* 5 laborers,
near city. $2 day; 15 laborers, city, $>0 and
fd.; 3 laborers, city factory; :i laborers, $00.
; Gold and Silver
Mines and Quarries. . '¦¦y
3 miners, quartz mine. $2 50 day: B miners,
goodv mine, south. $75; 5 miners, 8-hour
shifts, ?55 and found. _- ¦
10 laborers, no experience required, to work
around a mine, fare $2 60, $60; 5 laborers,
good mine, .§42 and fd.; 3 laborers, surface
work, mine. $30 and fd.; furnace man,
quarry mine, $75; foreman, quicksilver mine,
I see bets here; foreman for quarry, good Job;
30 quarrymen, $60; 15 laborers, quarry.
, Sawmills,
1 ' ¦ Woods and Yards. v
. Shingle packer, nee boss here ; shingle saw-
yer, see boss here: circular sawyer; 10 la-
borors for woods, fare $1 CO; $."".5 and fd. ; 15
men to learn to make ties; 50 men handy
' with saw and ax, $35 and fd.; 10 laborers
for sawmill, $30 and fd. - -
Ship the Sawmill Men To-day. ......
.'- ' Miscellaneous. "
Blacksmith, shop near city... ...... $2 50 da7
; .-Wheelwright, camp near city; carriage paint-
ers; carriage woodworker: 3 boys, planing
liMJl. $6 week; 5 boys to learn different
trades; 6 teamsters, large ranch, $30 and
Id. ; 27 farmers for orchard and vineyard, $2fi
to $30: buttermaker, run separator, $."55 and
1 fd. ; milk wagon driver,- city, $35 and fd.:
driver small milk wagon, country, $25 ! and
tii.j 15 milkers, different dairies, $30 and
a • $3o and fd.; 6 choremen and boys; 5 stable-
men, city and country, $30, $40 and &S0 & fd.
Hotel Department. - r '
Cook for crew of 10 men on a boat, $45 and
fd., A No. 1 job; cook, logging camp, Ne-
vada, $40 and fd.; cook, small sawmill crew.
$40 and fd. : 3 camp cooks, $40 and $50; night
cashier, $30 and f d. ; first and . second cook,
same place, country, see boss here; 19 cooks,
other places, $35 to $60; 8 waiters, country;
3 bakers: 2 helpers; doorkeeper, institution,
$10 and fd.; 32 kitchen hands, dishwashers,
etc.- MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay-st.
A— SPECIAL .'.
Foreman for . a quicksilver mine, see boas
here;, foreman for a quarry, good wages;
foreman for concrete gang. . R. R. work;
; stenographer for lumber company. MUR-
RAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st ;
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. .... .429 Bush st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 429 Bush st.
/.•••.... FOR NEVADA ....I........
•'• FOR NEVADA
I 500 teamsters 52 a day
600 laborers $2 a day
500 rockmen $2 a day
100 muckers $2 a day
100 plow holders »...$2 25 a day
¦ 100 wheeler loaders ..-. $2 25 a day
20 powder men ..'...$225 a day
20 stone masons '. .54 a (j a y
..........Ship Morning and Night
Free fare ...r...Free fare
« r £7 i Urner i sawm "». $70; rivet holders,
$2 50; rivet heater, $2 25; carriage painter'
country. $50; farmers, milkers, choremen and
others. - . . ... , - .
i ........ HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Head cook, $30; second cook. $50; third cook. I
$3o, for railroad eating house, fares paid:
second^ cook, restaurant, $65; nurse for an
institution, country. $30; 6 waiters, hotels,
city. 130 and $25; butler, country. $50; po£
• j d ]£hwashcre and kitchen hands, $30, $25
• • Male entrance, 12 Berry st. . .
C. R, HANSEN & CO 429 Bush pt!
A YOUNG man as stenographer and type-
writer; one familiar with office duties; S"5
£? *£. to _ con «nence with; for this office, a
R. HANSEN & CO.. 429 Bush st
• COACHMAN $30 and found; stableman for
milkman, $35 and found;- carpenters and
bench hands, $3 60 day; millwright. $3 50
day; carpenter for mill, $70; miners, $2 50
to $2 ,5 day; laborers, $2 day; gardener. $25-
choreman. $20; farmers, $30 and $35; wood-
choppers, 80c to "$1 50 cord; laborers for
mill and woods. $26 to $30 and fare advanced-
boys for factory. $3 to $6 week; milkers. $30-
cheesemaker. $35;. carriage painters, carriage-
smith and helper) carriage woodworker $3
and $4 day, and many others. J. F CROS-
ETT.& CO.. C28 Sacramento st.
WAITER and wife for resort. $50; restaurant
second cook, $65; restaurant cook, $70- night
cook, country, $35; short order cook and
.lunch counter man, $40 to $50; hotel and
restaurant waiters and others. " J F CROS-
ETT & CO.. C23 Sacramento- st
AT -THE- CALIFORNIA . BMP. -AGENCY . - -s .
C9 Third sf. near Call bldg.; phone Bush "405.
..... RAILROAD LABORERS '
FREE FARE FREE FARE
500 teamsters $2 to $2 50 per day
Gang of laborers ........ .$2 to $2 25 per day
' Ship Daily .
FOR THE LUMBER WOODS.... :
....FARE ADVANCED...
20 sawmill and woods men. fare " advanced,
, $20 to $65 per month and board. Ship to-day.
Carpenter, sawmill, north.... $70 per month
6 stonemasons. S. P. Co. work.. ...$4 per day
4 stone cutters. S. P. Co. work.. .$4 per day
. Gardener, light Job. country, $25 per month,
board and good bed ".-..;...
Porter for boat. ..$20 -per month and found
CALIFORNIA EMP. AGENCY. 59 Third st
, ANDRE'S Office. 316 Stockton st
Assistant waiter for institution. $25: messen-
ger for Institution, tend to office, do clean-
' lnisc, etc., $25; young man for Indoor work,
. $25; man and wife, country, private place,
' ' $50; man to milk cows, make butter, etc..
$30: millwright on a ranch. - $40, steady
work: porter for coffee house. $8 a "week;
elevator boy, $15; silver ' pantryman. ¦ $30:.
dishwasher. $25; man to take care of 25
acres orchard, etc. . •
EXPERIENCED laundryman to run hand
laundry, springs. MRS. M. E. DAY & CO..
335 Geary st. 4
SKIPPED free every day — Four-horse scraper
men and rock men wanted for. railroad con-
tract. • Wadsworth. Ne-v. ; wages, $2 per day;
board, $5 25 per week; $2 deposit required;
company will refund same after 2fS days. E.
B. & A. L. STONE CO.. 900 Broadway. Oak-
land.. Cal.. . ,
MECHANICAL draughtsman; "only first-class
men need apply; technical man pref erred^ no
attention paid to answers unless gfving full
detail of experience and where previously em-
ployed. Box 4S10. CalL >
WANTED — Graduated physician for Alaska
cannery; must be willing- to keep plain set
books; wages $75 month and found; leave
: Saturday afternoon. Address to-day box 4867;
Call office. . ' .
WANTED — Solicitor for a large marine Insur-
ance company in city; must have first-class
/ address, ability and large acquaintance
among merchants; salary and commission.
Box 4863. Call office.
WANTED — Bread bakers, cake bakers: also
bakers' helpers; no -fee.." Apply Independent
Employment Bureau, 526 Montgomery st..
. ' . roora 1. . • ¦ -
WANTED — A reliable man with $150 to Invest
in -established business that will pay him
$18 to $20 per week; no experience required;
. light work.. • 765 Market st, room 3.'
EXPERIENCED jewelry salesman to handle
diamonds and watches; city store; first-class
- salary and permanent position to right man.
. -'• Box\4871. Call office. ¦ ; ... ¦ .,
ERRAND boy for wholesale hardware store;
cigarette smokers need not apply. Box 4S0S
Call tefflce.
HANDY man around a Sausalito horns to take
care of horse, garden, etc. Apply 1625 How-
ard st before 9 o'clock.
WANTED— Carriage painters; wanted carriage
finishers. O'BRIEN ,& SONS. SCO Golden
Gate ave. " . . ¦ ¦ - . ¦ -
WANTED — Reliable man to invest $150 ln a
light business paying him more than big
wages. Inquire 1016 Market st, . room 10.
WANTED — Reliable young man with some
cash: $15. week; steady place.". BROWN 1221
. . Market st . , -
EXPERIENCED tailoring salesman. Apply
.after 9 a. m.' at HARSH ALL'S, ; 12 Kearny.
BUSHELMAN and presser; steady Job. G
. MARTINI, US Montgomery ave. . * ."
LUNCH waiter 'wanted at 1406 Polk' st. .
PORTER wanted." 19 Mason st, barber shop.
WANTED— Young man for stock clerk. Apply
Superintendent's Office. The Emporium.
. "SINGLE man* for ¦ country tarber shop near
city. Call 213 Sansome sf
BOOTBLACK wanted ln barber shop at 213
" Sansome st. ''--.,.
A BOSS, carder wanted. Address Santa Rosa
Woolen Mills, Santa. Rosa. Cal. . .
WANTED— A strong boy to learn horseshoeing
; 108 ValleJa st.
•EXPERIENCED overall cutters. HEYNE-
:. MANN & CO.; 410S& Mission st. .:, .-
APPRENTICE boy for pattern shop; must not
-use. tobacco. Box 4800, Call. ,
WANTED— Barber for Saturday and Sunday.
J C02 Clay st. ' ' - . '
. WAITER wanted. Tivoli ' Cafe, IS Eddy ¦ sf '
GOOD day, cook. 17 Thirtieth st
EISHWASHER,*; smart man, wanted; one able
\ -»;to cook short orders; good wages. 318& 3d.
j -. SPIlilTUALISM^- ,/;^.^
A^???rrrrTTTTrrrr.".7rr7.TT"rr.' : rrr?r.". . r.TTTx
B-R-O-C-K-iW r A-Y, ~ - !
1052 Ellis Ft; bet. Franklin and Gough.
¦ . Scientific and Expert Life Reader.
,".' Hours 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
Seance Sunday and Wednesday S p. m. * .
RETURNED— J. Keller. divine healer; allldnds
1 cf diseases healed by the touch of your gar-
ments; chronic diseases, rheumatism a spe-
cialty: satisfaction guaranteed. 403 Golden
Gate ave.; hours from 9 to 4, 7 to 9 dally.
A— C. V.' MILLER, world's famous materializ-
ing medium: spirits speak face to face: seance
Tues.. Frl.. Sun., 8 p. m. ; 50c. 1084 Bush Et.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium:
.life reader; medical clairvoyant: Fittings, $1;
letter. $2. 11C4 O'Farrell st: Ellis/ car.
Mrs. Seal, spiritual and bus. medium: tobacco
habit cured -or no pay. Avondale. 1424 Market.
EDWARD EARLE. :J2S Ellis; readings dally;
phone Polk 1C01; seance Sunday and Thurs.
FmENDSHIP Hall, S35 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer: Fittings dally; test to all to-night: 10c.
_^ CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. M?~BERNARD, " „
THE FAMOUS !£>
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third st, next Examiner bids.
She reads, your life correctly, gives an accurate
description of the past; reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur in the fu-
ture. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domestic,
love or business troubles, consult this great me-
dium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life; 25c
•up; satisfaction guaranteed. Tel. Black 4560.
PROFESSOR BROESKE, 205 Turk st. \
, Scientific Palmist and Clairvoyant. Special
rates for a short time only. 50c — $1 — 50<: — $1 —
60c — $1— 50c — $1. -This- well-known life reader
convinces all, gives advice all affairs- of Inter-
est; business, love, marriage,", speculation, in-
vestments, change. -.- Your past, present, . future
read. Are you Interested palmistry,- clalrvoy'cy,
psychology? Broeske'B College- stands peerless.
LIFE READING 1 week, ladles 00c, gents $1;
PROF. WELLER'S COLLEGE, clairvoyant,
scientific palmist, card reader; advice on busi-
ness, speculation, love, domestic troubles; set-
tles" lovers' quarrels, reunites separated, tells
whom you will marry: how to win manor wo-
man you love;' mail $1; send date birth, lock
hair. 6 questions. 1007',-J Market, near Sixth.
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
. medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket fct, cor. Golden Gate ave., rooms 25 and
20; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed, by mall; «end stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Dally and Sunday.
AA-BROCKWAT, scientific and expert life
reader; hours 10 a. m. to 5 p. m. ; seances
Sunday and Wednesday. 8 p. m. 1052 Ellis.
ISMAR. the Egyptian Gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located, 1148 Market, op- t
posite Sixth; private readings dally, 10 a. m.
to 5 p. m. Sundays from 10 to 12 a.m.,
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant& card
reader, born with double veil — second sight;
diagnoses diseases with life readln*;lfidies 50c,
gents $1; palm, and clalr. sit. $1 50. 120 Turk.-
A— MISS~M. WILLE. 328A Ellis; clairvoyant
crystal seer; reads your Hfe v correctly without
ques.: full names; COc-$l; 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
MME. RAVENNA reads' life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st. i
A— Mrs. Melvill, wonderful clairvoyant, water
reader. 11 Cth; German spoken; hours, 9 to 9.
ETHEL CRINDLE — Materializing and vocal ]
seance Friday & Sunday eves: 50c. 325 Ellis. 1
MRS. HARLAND'S Tircle to-night: also Sun.;
prophetic tests; 10c; readings dally. 132 Oth.
MME. ODELL, clairvoyant: cards & tea leaves
read accurately; L. 25c, G. 50c. 521 Eddy.
CARD reading and astrology. 14S 6th st.,-room
22, second floor; horoscopes cast by mall.
CARD reading; ladles, 10c; gentlemen, 25c;
hours, 1 to S. 625 Minna st; ' ~
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant card reader; -Iadie3
25c, gents 50c; readings dally. 132 Sixth st
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader from Louisiana;
only 10c; frcm 1 to 8. 2C2 Minna st, nr. 4th.
CARPET DEATiyCr AND _ CLEANING?
WHEN you become -disgusted with poor work
.. send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Cari>e<-beat-
Ing Works. 353-357 Tehama st ; tel. South 40.-
Karlson Karpet Co. — Cleaning 3c yd. ;uphblster-
lng.1213 Market,bet.8th&9th;tel.Howard 2912.
American Carpet-beating Works — Cleaning 3c;
renovated, relald. 104 14th st. ; tel. Capp 3521.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co., 402 Sutter Et;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO., Prop.'
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
i reasonable. 1703 Harrison st ; tel. Mission £03.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating ; Works. G H.t
STEVENS, Mgr.. 38-40 8th st ; tel. South 250.
CALIFORNIA Carpet-beating Co., J. McQueen
. proprietor. 329 Guerrero st. ;- tel. Mission 49.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-cleaning Works.
333 Golden Gate ave.; telephone East 126.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vatlng Co.. 240 14th St. ; tel. Mission" 74. ¦
COLLECTION*" OFFICES."
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No^charge
unless successful. Room 310. 927 Market st
""""dentists^ ~ —
A— DR. T. S. HIGGINs" 927 Market'st^Enima
Spreckels bldg. — Painless dentistry at reason-
able prices: pure gold fillings, $1 50; other fill-
ings, $1; gold and porcelain crowns $5 up*
plates, a full set of teeth that look natural
' and guaranteed, $5 up.
Painless extraction.
I do first-class work only and guarantee It
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or filling by my won-
derful secret, painless method; 20 years' ex-
perience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell st
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 800. Market, cor
4th. r. 7, Flood bldg.; extractions done paln-
• lessly; teeth without plates our, specialty; gold
crowns $3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50
. up; office hours, 0 a. m. to 9 p. m.; Sundays
9 to 2. J. W. THATCHER, D. D. S. , Manager!
EASY Dental Parlors. 0 Turk st, cor. Mason—
Expert painless extractors; skilled operators;
gas given; lady attendant. R. C. ANDER-
SON, D. D. S., proprietor and manager. '
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crowns, $3 50; fillings, 50c;
S plates. $5, full set; all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
SEE my new pink ivory plates: see my new
unbreakable bridge; both warranted lifetime;
crowns, $2; fillings, 25c. DrfBrown, 54 Sixth.
PARIS Dental Parlor*. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
, Full set of teeth, $4; crowns. $3; fillings, 50c.
DR. R.L. WALSH, 847 . Geary, nr. Larkln— Paln-
lesa ext. 50c; plates $5 up; phone Polk 1135.
DR. E. P. SHEPARD, 14 Geary st— Expert
workmanship only; reasonable; hours 10 to 4.
MEYER. 46 O'Farrell, late of 6 Turk st—
Crown and bridge work; gas specialist.
SET of teeth without plate. . DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1S41 Polk st
DRESSMAKERS AMD SEAMSTRESSI3S
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School;
: corset-making taught; patterns cut 1019 Mkt.
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. CREELY'S C. I*. - dog ' soap - by druggl«t«
or at the Hospital.' S10 Golden Gate aye. -
'.'¦¦¦ EDUCATIONAL. ~~
HEALD'S SCHOOL^oir^LEC^TlRICAL'^NGT
NEER1NG— Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion, laboratory : and shop work; thoroughly
! practical; day and night. 24 Post st, S. F. ;
catalogue free. ;¦ ' ' . ¦ ' ¦• r;
AYRES' Leading Business College. 723 Market
— $8 per month; $50 life scholarship guaran-
tees a complete bus. .education; ¦ shorthand,
typing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship,
spelling, Spanish, etc.; experienced teachers;
¦ new. typewriters; 'positions secured; cat. ¦ free.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES, 24 POST ST.;
S. F. — Thorough courses; complete equipment;
nil subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day and night; catalogue free.v,'
A — THE LYCEUM, an accredited j preparatory
school for the university, law and* medical
colleges; references, President Jordan or any
¦ Stanford professor. Phelan' building. ,^ ¦
A— THE official reporters of Supreme Court ad-
• vise their friends to attend- the GALLAGHER-
s MARSH COLLEGE. Is this advice worth
following? Life scholarship $50; catalogue.':
ACTING, ' elocution,- specialties; - Hallet School"-
. ' associated - with - theatrical | agency I securing
; positions. Alcazar building. 120 O'Farrell st.
ENGINEERING— Clvll,'elec.; mining, mech sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve. ; est. 1864. *.Vnn
der Nalllen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
ACCOUNTING! — Most thorough course on coast;
~ : beginners ¦¦ and' college- graduates 'perfected.
TARR. expert accountant. 219 -Parrott bldg.
CALIFORNIA Business College; most thorough
. modern methods ;. positions for all graduates-
new 60-page catalogue free.' 305 Larkin st. '
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar,' writing
etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
VIOLIN, guitar, •, mandolin, banjo taught « ln
. ''class, $1 month.. 1836 Eddy; p'hone.Plne 433.'
SHORTHAND taught by mall- or ' personally
..MISS M. G. BARRETT, 302 Montgomery | st.' 1
V-IOLIN, mandolin, guitars Prof. MERKI, good
- teacher. • 100S Mission ; , instruments selected.
DANCING quickly, taught; ¦ private or class.
BARKER'S Academy, 723 Market" st. ' >.
_ HELP WASTED—- FEMALE.-s -j^
WANTED T -14 cooks, plain wash, $30 and $35;
• :33 girls for housework, $25;" 18 ' girls for
1 housework, $20; , young woman as cook, plain
' wash, for widow, $25. -J. F* CROSETT
& CO., 334 Sutter st. . "- .7 .'¦¦;.'
WANTED— Head waitress, $25 ; 2 hotel "wait-
resses $25, to go south; waitress for institu-
tion, . $20; chambermaid, assist waiting," nice
boarding-house,* $25; 6 second girls. $20 and
$25; 18 waitresses for family hotels ln city,
S20 and $25; second girl, assist with children,
¦ $20; 3 parlor maids and waitresses, $25; 2
"¦ chambermaids and seamstresses, Menlo Park
. and San Mateo. $20;' laundress and assist
\ $25; country hotel, $25. See J. F. CROSETT
& CO.^ 331 Sutter st.
WANTED — First-class nurse, care for child 2
years old, $25, references: - Infant's^ nurse,
$25. See J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 334 Sutter.
WANTED-^A Protestant girl of any national-.
, ity to fill position as. cook, very little wash,
tor American family of 4, to go short dis-
tance in the country " for , American family,
$30. See'J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 334 Sutter.
WANTED— For country — Girl for housework,
Berkeley. American family of 4, wages $25;
Oakland, 2 In family, $25; Callstoga, 2 In
family, $20; cook, $25; also second girr for
same family, $25 and $20, for Alameda Coun-
ty; Suisun, $25, 4 ln family, see lady ln
city; Sausalito, ¦ $25, 3 in family; Alameda,
3 in family. $25; San Rafael, 3 In family.
$25. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 334 Sutter st
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S.. Phone Grant 1S5
..HOTEL DEPARTMENT ;...
Any head waitress, waitress, chambermaid,
laundress, cook, chambermaid to wait, house-
girl, second girl, nurjegirl looking for a sit-
uation, either city or- country, at -highest
wages paid for any of the above mentioned,'
can obtain • same : by ' applying to our new
office. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 429 Bush
t ¦ St., opposite the California Hotel and,Theater.
A PASTRY cook for a first-class hotel, $35.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 429 Bush st, opposite
California Hotel, and Theater. ¦
MRS. M. E. DAY. . . . . . . . . . cPhone Main 1573,
j ......... HOTEL DEPARTMENT
0 waitresses, . resorts. $25 and $20; 14 wait-
resses, first-class commercial and city hotels.
$20 and $25; 2 restaurant waitresses, $7; .4
chambermaias to wait, $20; pantry woman,
$20. .
...:.... FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Girls of all'*natlonalities for city and country
places, best wages. ¦. >
MRa M. E. DAY & CO...... 335 Geary st.
YOUNG girl for 6tore wo'rk, $5 week to begin.
MRS. M. E.DAY..... 335 Geary st.
A COOK, two In family, $30;t waitress. $25;
- second girl, $25; a second girl,' Napa/$25; a
girl to assist with ' second work , one month,
$20; nurse, $25; laundress, $25; ranch cook,
$25; houseglrl, Sausalito, 3 in family, $25:
houseglrl. city, $30. MRS. NORTON. 313
Sutter st.
LEON ANDRE, 316 Stockton st.— German
. housekeeper or cook for men; chambermaid
and care children;' first-class German cook;
French maid and seamstress; German, Swed-
ish and American laundresses, all with tha
best references; French second work, country.
COAST EMPLOYMENT CO.. ~~ ••.-.-
• * 502 Taylor st. ; phone Black 2194.
S? MRS. KERR AND COZZENS.
3 women for general housework, different
' places, $20; woman- with a child, country,
wages $15; waitress, hotel, city, $20 and room.
HAIRDRESSING — Day and evening school' for
poor girls; trade guaranteed ln 2 wks.; cost
$4; manicuring, massage, bleaching, switches:
¦ 3 girls for -private customers assured $50 psr
! mo.; bring. ad. and get 50c discount. COL-
LEGE. 233 Geary st. . rooms 13-1S. . . ,
•WANTED—^By wholesale house, young woman
clerk; must be quick and accurate at -flg-
"ures; one with knowledge of bookkeeping pre-
ferred; fair salary to start with; advance in
six months. Address in own handwriting;
"Wholesale," box 4866. Call office.
LADY to teach ordinary scho'ol branches three
hours a day to twoSAmerlcan children on
mountain stock ranch; pleasant home in gen-
teel family; use of saddle horse; small com-
pensation. Box 7238. Call office.
2 PIANISTS to play in exchange for lessons.
. Hoover University of Physical Culture. 1327
Market st.
Scandinavian, German, or French' girl, light
housework; $18. 022 Chestnut Alameda, nr-
Chestnut-st. stn., nar. gauge.or box 4845, Call.
OPERATORS on overalls; experience not* neces-
sary. LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. 32% Fremont
St. MR. DAVIS. - .
FIRST-CLASS finishers on coats wanted. S.
N. WOOD & CO., 27 Geary Et.
150 OPERATORS to work in factory on ladles'
underwear. 656 Mission st, third floor.
150 OPERATORS on ladles' waists to work in
factory. 65G Mission st. third floor. • ¦
EXPERIENCED boxmakers and apprentices.
STUPARICH Mfg. Co., ) 147 Fremont st - .
WANTED-rCook in private family; wages $30.
Apply 115 Beulah sf ; „- -. -. j£ - £. . . ;
FIRST-CLASS stenographer; state i experience
and where last employed. . Box 4807, Call.
IMMEDIATELY, first-class waitress; wages $25
and rm. The Crocker, Pine and Leavenworth.
WANTED — Girl for general housework and
cooking. 1709 Geary st. " . ' -
GIRL for general hdusework. Inquire 1512
>, Polk st -.'-¦ ; ' . . • ¦
WANTED — A stenographer and typewriter.
WIESTER & CO.. 22 Second st
GIRLS about 16 years of age will find plenty
of good-paying work. LEVI STRAUSS &
CO.. 32H Fremont St. MR. DAVIS.
WANTED— Young girl or middle-aged woman
for light housework. 4070 Nineteenth st.
WANTED— A young girl to assist ln light
housekeeping. Apply at 1008 Harrison- st.-
NEAT youni? lady; business ability; call after
0 a. m. 203 Pest st, room 4.
YOUNG girl to help with care of 2 small chil-
dren. 469 Halght St., ln rear.v
GIRL wanted to assist ln taking care of bar
v_and small rooming-house. * Box 4872. Call.
OPERATORS on overalls; experience not neces-
sary. ; LEVI STRAUSS & CO., 32# F.remont
WOMAN wanted to do cooking and light house-
work; 2 in family; in Sausalito. Box 4S53.
Call office. .
WANTED — Experienced retouchers for piece
work; steady employment. At BUSHNELL'S.
Apply, immediately. 1510 Market st. .
HAIRDRESSER, manlcurer and chiropodist
wanted. Apply Emporium, the hairdresslng
' department. •.». - . - : ¦
FINISHERS ion S cloaks wanted immediately.
M. .SIMINOFF. 1228 Market sf
WANTED— Girl to set type; steady Job to right
party.- 1008 Mission st.-.
GOOD position out of city; lucrative. Box
4S54, Call office. ' ' ;
DRESSMAKER,, waist hand and helper wanted
at 330 Sutter st ¦ . -
AMATEURS with dramatic ability; salary and
expenses. Box 4S60. Call' office.
YOUNG girl to assist ln housework. 3100 Slx-
-.' teenth St.; near Guerrero.
BUTTON-HOLE "makers on coats and vests ; ¦
finishers on. coats and pants ;< girls to learn
steady employment.; BELASCO. &
HARRIS^CO.. 541 Market st •
FINISHERS' on coats and pants, steady work
guaranteed. BELASCO & HARRIS CO.. 541
i Market st. ¦ •¦ . ' . .¦ --..\ ¦ ¦, -¦-.; ---_..
HAIRDRESSING. . massage, ¦ manicuring,
-bleaching, dj'eing, switches, etc.; 2 wks.- $5.
College. 1236 Marketxst.. -rm. 04; splendid
positions waiting; day; evening. -'.
GIRLS about ' 16 yean: ' of age will find plenty
1 of good-paying, work. : LEVI STRAUSS &
CO. . 32 % Fremont ; st. . MR. DAVIS./ , Z :
WANTED^Expert •. stenographer , and type-
: writer ; state references ; and salary expected.
Address box 4815, Call office. - ' ..'.-'" •
WANTED— : An' 'experienced hemstltcher.
MARKS BROS..^ 1212 Market st. ¦-; :¦ ¦ .
BOO v GIRLS, rail sizes, for May day. Aerial
. Park, .Eleventh : and. Market "sts.' . . * >
GIRL wanted at^15 Valencia st, ' to help to
' *' wait; in .restaurant; ¦_:•'¦ ¦ . _ , ,
A SECOND girl; and to help with baby. Call
. 116 Brodorick st, bet. Haight and Page. '
WANTED— Girl ! for- cooking' and downstairs
work.''. = 1224 'Golden .Gate aVe. . :¦,-¦; .-•',- — .
.WANTED— Experienced shirt • makers.- - EAU-
v LESON& CO.. 535 Market st ..
TYPEWRITING taught. $5 full course; short-
hand speed class,, $2 mo.: 027 Market,. r.. 305.'
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
, received at Call branch . office,- 2200 Fillmore.
ABRANCH office for Call advertisements and
f subscriptions: has! been established at. 1096
;•» Valencia st.\ ' V- ¦ . . '¦; ' Jy. -,-¦ , ¦ ., :¦ ¦
HELP WANTED— MALE.
.WANTED— A; few energetic, intelligent gentle-
;', men to present an attractive, lst-class finan-
..' • cial \ proposition; ,- successful - candidates . earn
¦¦ $1CO - to $.300 : mo. ; r salary \ & liberal '. commis-
sion paid. ..: Apply T.W.: Griffin, dally from 2
'to 4 p. m., ex. jfeun.. 560 Sth st, Oakland.; Cal.
WANTED '— Experlecced men's 'furnishing
' goods ealesman ; one .who Is capable , of: tak-
iinjr > charges of , ; i6toclc;; state: age, 'experience
, and " salary -' expected. / Apply , box V4837, Call.
AMATEURS with dramatic ability; salary and
'¦expenses. ; Box 4362, -Call office. ; .,,-¦¦; ' •
BOY- to ¦; strip 5 tobacco ¦" after : school. :• 604 • Mc-
.-';--Alllstet:st.r J -.-- -.'¦¦¦**;< - ;.- _ 7.^. : - ~'. ¦¦";->
YOUNG lady or gentleman, who can play. plan-
.;;> c '.&' artistically. -,' Address ; box 4855, _Call. .:>!'.-!
BARBERS— Best - 3-chalr ehop ; in i. the -city for
sale ; . socd . trade. ; Box ' 4S47; Call office. '*
\ , HELP WASTED— MALE— Con.
WANTED— Bright boy frcm 15 to 1*5 years of
age for stock boy. Apply between » and 11
¦ a. m. at iHALE BROS.' ._ __
SHOEMAKER on repairing;- briag tools; steady
Job. 2532 Folgorn st. ; ' •
FIRST-CLASS Jeweler and diamond setter: per-
manent job; good wages. Box 48 > P. la.l.
WANTED-i-Recrult« for the marine corps. IT.
S. na\-y; able-bodied unmarried men or gooa
character, between the ages of 21 and -5: not
less than 5 feet 4 Inches ar.fl not over r. reet 1
Inch; able to speak an* read English. * or
~ further Information apply at the Kecrultlns
Office. 4(> Ellis st. San Francisco. ;
MEN to learn barber trade; barbers In de-
mand: only requires S weeks; tool3 donatea;
catalogue free. MOLER'S BARBER COL-
, LEGE. CS5 Clay st. • . ' ¦ - ¦ ¦
"BARBER sh'op for sale; best bargain in dtr:
two hydraulic chairs; place established for
twenty years: owner sick. For particular*
calf corner Seventh • and Market . sts.. a. f-
WANTED-^-Laborers and mechanics to kno'''
- that Ed Eolkln. Reno House proprietor still
runs Denver House 217 Third St.: 150 larg*
rooms: 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week. -¦_
FIRST-CLAPS prefser on coats. BELASCO St
HARRIS CO.. B41 Market st. -
YOUNG man to do Janitor work for ht» tul-
tlon. S. F. Barber College. 741A Howarx
BARBER, married man, wants good, steady
job in country. —Box 4S16, Call.
PENSION and extra pay. Write SHERWOOD.
624 Markt; past com. Wattrous Post.O.A.R.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Europe and
Australia. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st
WANTED — Strong boy about- IS or 19. Box
4746. Call office. ¦
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting :: 25a
to 5Oc. 563 Mission St.. bet 1st and 2d st»-
PENSION atty.. K. A. Bullls. room ?O.^Phelan
tig. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. O.A.U.
WANTED— A boy about 16 for wholesale house.
Address box 4525. Call office. ¦ - ' ' _
COATMAKER and pants and vest maker fo*
the country. Apply REIS3 BROS.', 24 Sutter.
WANTED — 60 men to take lodging In Cam-
bridge House. 643 Howard: changed hands.
600 MEN to buy new and 2d-band army shoes.
50c up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard st.. nr. otn.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms 25c night; reading rooms;
• free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription*
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109tt
Valencia st ¦
- HORSES^ASP WAGONS.
A LOT of horses for sale at Arcade Horse Mar-
ket. 327 Sixth st.; also buggies, wagons, har-
• ness, etc.: auction sales every Wednesday at
11 a. m.. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
SAN Francisco Veterinary College. Fourth ses-
sion begins June ». Catalogues by applying to
M. L. PANCOAST. Sec. 510 Golden Gate ave.
FOR sale, Santa Rosa salesyard — Just arrived,
several fine road and business horses, new
buggies and harness. 1400 Market, cor. 11th.
FOR SALE^ — Bay saddle horse, 10 hands high;
four years old; sound and gentle.' Address
P. O. ' bos 53, Emeryville. Cal.
NO. 1 top wagon for butcher, baker or laun-
dry; price $75. 819 Third st.. paint store.
Largest stock 2d-hand wagons, buckboard. sur-
rey.harness.work.drivtng horses. 15th&Valencia.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, slnsle; also light-
camping wagon for, sale cheap. 532 Mission.
HOUSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED list houses to let; send for cir-
cular. Q. H. TJMBSEN & CO-.l-t Montgomery.
5-ROOM house to let; bath; stable, 4 stalls:
1C1S Sanchez St.. nr. 20th. Apply 338 13th st.
HOUSE. 7 rooms, stable for 4 or 5 horses; 53
¦ Clara st MADISON & BTJRKE. ¦
HOUSES TO LET— FiRXISHED.
A— FURNISHED residences and flats In all
parts of the city. $30 to $350: call to sea us;
we can suit you. SPECK & CO.. 68T Market.
PAl.-j.jjiC Heights residence, T rooms, bath,
modern furn., piano; rent low, desirable par-
ty, 3 or 6 mos. com. Apr. 20. Bex 4709, Call.
MISSION. 2324— Villa residence; furnl3hed; 7
rooms, bath: low rent to permanent tenant*
HOUSES FOR SALE.
NEW house. 7 rccms: sun all day: fine resl-
- dence .district; Portola »t. off Waller, bet.
Pierce and Steiner. OEO. MOORE. Kl Portnla.
' ¦ . : -. . '-'-¦•- LX^TBSTMICN^PSr-' --*..*; '-'.^r>
THE Investors'Agency, 137Montgoiaery St.,
S. F. Call or write for particulars.
LOST AND FOIWD. :
LOST — A pass book with the Hibernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in tha
name of MATEO HERRERA. No. 259-310.
The finder will please return to bank.
WILL party living at Sunnyside return pu»3e
picked up in car 63. San Mateo line, and re-
ceive reward? 2G12 Diamond St.. or car house.
LOST — Small purse containing diamond rilUff.
Finder will be suitably rewarded by return-
Ing same to H. PAULSEN. 1S39 Eddy st
LOST — Tuesday night, diamond crescent Re-
turn room 26. Hobart bldg. ; liberal reward.
LOST — Purse and key3 at racetrack Thursday.
303% Sutter st; reward.
LOST— April 8, a sunburst pearls and rubies.
Return to 151CA Howard st. ; suitable reward.
LOST — Small gold locket, between March 31
and April 5. containing a boy's picture and a'
i lock of hair: initials E. G. engraved on out-
side; $5 reward if returned to MRS. GISIN.
3438 Sixteenth st. .
FOUND — At Woman's Exchange, jeweled pin;
claimant must prove property and pay for
advertisement _ .
IT will pay to ••Remember" that the Callfor-
* nla Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter St.. needs old
gold and slrrer to make new watch caae?.
SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand ..machinery. McInI
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-107 Fremont st. j
4 H. P. steam engine and boiler..' '..$100
• 6 H. P. steam engine and boiler..... . ..$115
4 H. P. gasoline engine; complete $100
3- in. centrifugal pump; complete... ..... $35
30-in.xl2 ft. boiler; complete......; $125
48-in.xl8 ft. boiler; complete..... . .....!$3C0
35H. P. economic portable; complete...] $300
id H.' P. Atlas. engine; complete..;... $"25
H. S. WHITE. 130-132 Beale st
FOR SALE — At 744 Mission st, marble wash-
stands and mantels,, doors, windows, bath
and complete toilet f»n<l all kinds of good
building material.- Parties -wishing sama
must call at once.
A— BUYS, sell or rent3 gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st
BAR fixtures: big stock: installments; billiard
and pool tables; easy, terms or*re nted. -Th*
Brunswlck-Balke-Collender Co., 652 Mission.
MARBLE — For sale cheap; ten new scrolls,
large and small, single or all together, at
the Tell House. Ocean View.
A" — $3 50 Derby and Fedora hats, $1 75. Popular
Price Hatters. 330- Kearny st... near. Pine.
FINE SUITS. $10; dress pants, $2 75. MISFIT
.-. CLOTHING PARLORS, 437 Montgomery st.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2-hand
and launches. J. E. DOAK, 46. Fremont st
THE firm, of Uncle Harris has retired from
business. '
BARGAIN: a good bicycle. 2 bedsteads, som*
oak rockers, chalra and tables. 874 Howard./
150,000 HARD, cleaned second-hand brick. *X
per 1000. DOLAN CO.. 1611 Market st7
BOATS, launches, rowboats carried in stock.
BAKER & HAMILTON.
"540— FRENCH range: 8-foot; second hand.
HCTCKING & ADAMS. 3SS Geary .t
SAFES — New and second hand. THE HEIt-
-M AN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged halt
price. 563 Mission st. bet. 1st and 2d st3.
FOR second-hand machinery.englnes and boilers
go to D.J.McMasters,SE.cor.2nd and Brannan.
1ST-CLASS 2d-hand modern engines and boilers
bought, sold. Krogh Mfg. Co.. 519 Market.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters (all
I makes). ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montg-y.
XIAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving Di"- '
; tures, BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Poat st.'
E ? G i?- E >^ and second-hand machinery.
1 J. BLRKE. 139. Beale st. . V
•-- .-..:'. MISCE LLA>'EOUS> \VASTS.
WE pay^$5 per 100 for names; send 10c for
.blank book and particulars. The French.
Chemical Co.. 241 N. Fifth st. Phlla.. Pa.
W n V^3 ED T F^ f^h. good second-hand nre-
K.b^ e; 4go. i ca h n. 9deep - Addre9 *' ****¦
BI ?J r } cea pald 'or sealskin coats: also gents'
Si4' r % s 4'o a . nd , Tuxedo »ults. Portland Loaa .
Of flee. 25 Stockton st;, phone Bush 4S4.
TI Mi!^L W . ant3 J°° d , «econd-hand clothing andl
i theatrical goods. 154 Oth st.;- tel. -Jessie 2831.
: X LL r,£ a .V 00< L cash -, prlces for old sealskins;
send postal; will call. Box 4337., Call office.
i Wante , d rr M " hand e'ectric motors, all slases, any
l condition. FarpsworthElectricalWks..413Turk.
SA3f FRA* CISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third struts; open
nntil 12 o'clock every nl?rht in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES — 527 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
300 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
C39 McAllister street; open until 9.30 p. m.
315 Larkin Ftreet: open until 9:30 p. mi
1941 Mission street: open until 10 p. m.
22C1 Market' street corner Sixteenth; open
txntil 9 p. m.
100 Eleventh street: open until 9 p. m.
J006 Valencia Etreet; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest cemer Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
2200 Fillmore street; op«».n Mr.tll 9 p. m.
MEKTIXCi XOTICES. _^
CALIFORNIA Commander}- No. 1. IC -r£_
T., S Post st. — Regular assembly jXs^
THIS (FRIDAY) EVENING. 7:30 Sjlj
o'clock. Orders of the Temple and TO?
Malta, to be conferrt-d by Past Com-
mander Em. Sir John Tonnlngsen. All fra-
ters cordially invited. By order of the com-
mander. HIRAM T. GRAES, Recorder.
OPHra Lodge No. 171. I. O. O. F. <gtf*2afe-
— Members will assemble at sS^»3»Ss
lodiaroroom TO-DAY (Friday) at
1 ::u< p. m. shirp for the purpose j
of attending the funeral of our late brother.
J. n. DALY, P. G.
¦ J. R. MORRISON, n. S.'
SAN FRANCISCO Tent No. IS. K. .<34v
O. T. M.— Review THIS (FRIDAY) /^SSV
EVENING at S o'clock. Pioneer tXjmrSk
Hall, 24 Fourth rt. raMkri?
H. H. CASTLE, Xltg^
Record Keener. r
WOODMEN OF TH1E «—
WORLD, Golden Gate - -,ik-
Camp No. <i4. — Members --^_?SlO"z^R
are hereby notified to £S^^2fflSaS _9 '
attend tho fune t-ai of. our «£fc4J ¦iPfnT-"'* 1 r
late nrigrhbor \VILLI\M
ninth 1 '™*' oT ? 1 ' P aul " s Ch >"-ch. Twenty-
ffS 9 n o d -cFock r a h m tS " ; SATUKDAY - £&
1 C""""*"
T1^vS ll i f nn r r ia .P ebrIs Commission having re -
££ed applications to mine by the hydraulic
Tu^Ir in ™, % J - c , hallen and John A.
O«?n^ u, the Touaz Centennial mine, near
b>hp n ,i\» mas Count >- to deposit tailingb
W~ "? h ' lam o/ the Qulac >" MlnIn * and
fW, t C ° mi £ nv - In Wauaonsle Creek, and
«£ r^F" x • C]ark and B - D - Dobyns. In
T.fh- *?• a Needle mine ' near Brownsville.
A^t Co-iTHy. to dojjofcit tailinirs in Dry
Creok. cives notice that a meeting will be
held at room 94. Flood building. San Fra 1-
elf co. Cai., on April 14. ltKtt. at 1 :30 p. m.
THE annual meeting of the members cf the
Society of Progressive Spiritualists will be
Srvmr ? r .. Offlce ' :i<!22 Sevent «*nth Bt.
5-L.>DAT. April l.l, at the hour of 2 o'clock
p. m.. for the purpose of electing a Board of
ITireetcrF to serve for ths ensuing year, and
the transaction of cuch business as may
coree before the meeting.
. - JOHN KOCH. Secretary.
ENGROSSING. *
tc " ln «™*-class manner. J. W.
GRI1- FITH. Heald's Bus. College. 24 Post st
AGENTS WASTTEd! ~
WK want first-class solicitors everj-where 4 .o
sell stock; if you are made of -the right kind
or stuff we can shew you how to make good
money in the next 32 months; absolutely new
8r VL attractive; has more Pood, convincing
talking points than anything else; for a per-
manent business it has no equal; and is es-
pecially adapted to cities and towns of the
i*ac.Hc Coast; call mornings. 10 to 12. 319-320
Parrott building. San Francisco. ¦
ASTROLOGY^ "
IIOROSCCPES ca^tTTiTt^pTe^lcwTr^adingl
by trail if desired. R.-i;-mond. 227 Taylor st
ATnroRyEYs atTaw.
S «Y - KrxG ' att >- Examiner building, room
C13; £11 cases; damages, estates, wills, mort-
gages, partnerships, attachments, collections
etc.; legal papers drawn; consultation free*
tic advance charges; open eve's; call cr write.
ADVICE free; divorces a specialty; quick; quiet-
no charge without success; established 16 vrs
G. W. HOWE/S50 Market St.. cor. Stockton."
ADVICE free; open every evening; low fees:
ell cases. J. M. THURSTON. 819 Market st
L- S. CLARK, Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Mar-
ket yt.: consultation free: no fees In advance.
niCVCLKS — For Sale or Exchange.
AIJ^EN is selling Eureka bicycles fast; swell-
est thing out; ajrenry Columbia, Monarch oth-
«*rg; repairing: bells, pumps. 301 Larkln st.
BIROS, POGS, ETC.
TVARELING canaries and all kinds of song
talking and fancy birds; gold fish, pet stock
cages, globes, aquariums; bird and animal ,
food of all kinds. 1.V1G Market ft..bet.gth&Oth.
WANTED — Infant to board; best of care. Ad-
<3ress MRS. H. R.. 1611. Brush St.. Oakland.
COOICS XE1V AXD OLD. '
BOOKS of all kinds bought; libraries purchased.
H. C. Holmes. 1149 Market; tel. Howard 1940.
BUSINESS CUAACES.
A— $1SCO; SALOON with mercantile~iunch ; 14
rmx.; rent 9m; close to Palace Hotel; no night
work; a first-class paying place; established
years. Call R. G. WILKE. 2C\4 Kearny Bt
A— ?1CCO; CANDY store and factory; bell loca-
Uon en Larkin et. ; an elegantly finished store
?" d T Erst -class paying business. Call R. G.
AMLKE. 2'JVj Kearny st
A— $C50; SALOON with 7 furnished rooms; rent
$40; place first-class paying: eurrounded by
railroad shqas, planing-mllls and lumbeV
yards. Call R. G. WVILKE. 26>4 Kearny st
A— DELICATESSEN and fancy grocery in
choicest location of this city; established
many years; large trade; big profits; stock
invoices about $3500; price $4000; rent $20.
Call R. G. WILKE, 2<& Kearny st
A— fSOO; BUTCHER shop; e«ablished years;
doing a nm-elass business; located In Oak-
land ; rent $35. Including 7 rooms. 2 horses.
1 wagon. 1 cart Particulars R. G. WILKE.
26'^ Kearny st
A— $2000; RARE chance; vicinity of Marke'
and McAllister sts. ; rent $55. including ti prl-
vt»e rooms; a bargain. Call R. a WILKE.
2t>% Kearny st
A— $1200; RARE chance; notions, cigars, can.
f/,,r?,f variety store, with telephone and
laundry o!f.?e. in booming town across tha
pay; place clears above $250 during 8 months
mT^r^ investigate at once. R. G.
»> ILKE. 20 1 ,4 Kearny rt.
esubllshment en Devtsadero st: reS $25- at
least $800 stock on hand: good business
fl^l n^ on!y cattse ot sa *e- CaU H. G
\\ ILKE. -Cy, Keamy et.
f!8f«-COFFEE -aloon In heart of the city-
iVn'JZSK J 0 *** 1 ******** ftted throughout
tveU established place; everything flrst-claes :
enormous transient business; low rent- re^
ceipts Justify $3000 investment- old ape the
?? ly r^ UIe of Eale : b€st chance In ttiicity
M. LESS. 131 Montgomery r£ room 4.
§HE controrung stock of one of the best pay-
lng Incorporated businesses in the State for
sale that will stand the closest scrutiny; this
Is positively a rare chance; fine investment
Business Board Trade, 226 Pine st ralmenl -
A wiSl?*! 0 ' re * 1 estat * ior ** le and exchange;
lodglng-houses. stores, restaurants, hotels
ea oons and* many other business chances for
gale. HEALY & CARR. 027 Market, r. 20S.
* 3^ P^ RT^' E^,r Wante<1 «a ' established busi-
ness; $1S to $25 week, with chance to In-
crease; no experience required. 25 Geary st
room *. .
A^°^ : °J STKR and chop house. 4ih- near
Market; $35 day. STRAND. 209 kearny st
A— $450; RESTAURANT: receipts $25 day-
great bargain. STRAND. 209 Kearny st
*3J5— PARTNER in first-dans business: wlU
teach you the batiness. DECKER, 921 Markt
Drugstore. $2500; central: on busy st; oppor-
tunlty for physician. DECKER, 921 Market.
A— PARTNER In box wood business; 4 wagons"
A— DOX'T pay $500 for a $100 cigar atand.
After callinK on other agents without suc-
ce«s. consult HEDGES. 461-4C2 Parrptt bldg.
RESTAURANT; good location; sacrifice; calL
make ofler. McBRIDE & CO.. 765 Market
TO oil land epeculators or drillers. T* > '
For one-third Interest Jn 320 acres of U.'S
patented lands; derrick. . machinery . and
houses upon said lands to sin*— a. well 1500
£?** & V 7 t ., A . <i ' lress <M! Lands Co./ room 544
Parrott building. 825 Market st. B. F.. CaL
TO let— Good corner restaurant, partly fur-
nlshed; rent cheap; al«o bakery, furnished;
good chance for baker. 1535 or 1S20 Seventh
tst. (formerly Webster). West End. Alameda.
CIGAR etand; busy etreet; price $00. Inquire
to-day from 10 to 2, Koster House. 205 Third
et, room 3.
FOR SALE — Outside route this paper; call from
«to 7 p. m.; Saturday and Sunday execpted
027 Bhotwell st. .. ¦' ¦
$?00—80 ACRES In Scotch Valley. Slsklyou
Co.; good, level land. Box 4834, Call office.
1000 MONTEZUMA mining shares for sale (TJ2
Green ct.. flat 2. rear.
FOR SALE — Restaurant. 416 Third st: re-
ceipts $25 a day; rent $30; full Investigation-.
JTOR Sale — Restaurant opp. Golden Gate Park;
for cook and wife; low rent 610 Stanyan st.
|400 — ELECTRIC repair and locksmith shop;
•tUMished 10 years. Box 4SoS. Call of flee.THURSDAY, APRIL ; 10.
Llllie Marks to Florence Marks, - undivided
1-R of lot on Sline of . Golden Gate ave ' 8 O> C
W of Laguna street; W-55 by B 120; jrlft.'",:' ¦<.'¦'¦
'. William; Crane ; Spencer •, (trustee) • to Herbert
Sorenson, ; lot.:, on .'. S , line of McAllister street,
137:6-W-of Buchanan, W 25 byS 137:0; $10. !
. George -H. Bixby and , Brllsford' P. .; Flint
(trusteos and executors of estate of-Lewelloyn
Bixby) to Joseph F. Do!an_ lot on line of
Webster street, 43 N of Hermann. N 24 by W
81:3; $10.' .•••;.. : ; ' .•;.;.; '..-.'.
: ' Thomas . Flint ' to ' same, . . same,' . quitclaim
deed; $1. ' ,.
Daniel 'and Minnie Asher to William A»he'r,
lot on E line of Scott street. 87:0 N.of Ellis
N,25;by E 93; $10.-. ..>. ,, ¦ • v -
Mary J. Sangster (wlfo'of Adam D.) to Har
ris.'. Louis ' H.' and Benjamin 'Anixter, lot on E
line of . Devlsadcro street,. 37:0 N-of O'FarrcIl
N 50 by. E 100; $10. . >- ; r ".":
Elizabeth G. - and ¦ Alexander R. Baldwin
Frances B. Sanborn (formerly Frances A. Bald
win, ¦: wife of , Sheffield : S. ' Sanborn) ' to Henry E.
Bothln, lot on Stt* : corner of » Greenv/lch and
Devisadero ' streets, W 110 by,S:i.'J7:0: also lot
on SE- Corner of Greenwich and Eroderlck
streets. S ; 137 :0 by E 1 137:6: also lot on-N line
of ! Filbert stre«t;* 30 XV, of = De^sadero. W -107 -0
by " N 137 :0 ; also ; lot on , SE ( corner . of : Filbert
am' « Brodorick streets.- S 137 :0 .by E 275 ; alro
lot on.NW. corner of Filbert and Scott' streets
UM37:6 by N. 137:0; $10.,;
: John "A- and { Belie- Hoots to O.' W. . Wendt.
lot commencinK N;10":G from N< line of Filbert
street and W 158:0 W- from Broderick; N .10 w
< JC:4:-S"00,.Ei00:2^; $10.- , ; ' ; . '¦;:
. Anna T.'.Tubbs to -Redmond *W... Payne -lot
on W. lino of Central avenue. 87:3U'.N of Jack
siinstre€t,',N;40 by iWOO; $10.- ¦ j ,- .
' Fcltx'and DelSna Marcuse to'Geoi-gle L. Pat
ten 1 lot on rN 1 line of Sacramento street, '313:4
E of First- aw.nue.tE 25 by. Nai-clOVi.'SlO. 1 .
:a Walter .W. 'and ] EHzabethVA. THarkle to Wil
liam Corbln,-; lot on N'lineof McAUleter street
M:l)W of Pavker.\W 25.-'N 93-C.:NE 25,'S 00:5
$10.' '•-....'.¦ ' '¦ .'.-¦ ¦ : • • " - .•,.- '
~ John and • Ellen- Sullivan to ' Ellen ; Baker, ¦ lot
KEAL ESTATE TBANSACTIOK"S.
Arrested on Suspicion.
Detective J. B. Freel arrested a man
named John Strand and locked him up at
the City Prison on suspicion of being im
plicated in the opium smuggling case, for
which two men are in custody. Strand is
being held without any charge being
made against, him, and the police will not
state what connection he Is supposed to
have with the smugglers.
Bishop Hamilton on Mexico.
Bishop John M. Hamilton gave a lecture
last night at Simpson Memorial Church
on the "Miracles, ' Marauders and Men.
of Mexico,", for the benefit of the Oriental
Home, the church's mission. • He found
much to praise in Mexican customs and
character, denounced ths cruelties of
Cortez and his followers and paid many
compliments to Diaz, who told the lect
urer in an interview that he was building
a republic of . men that would endure.
Chinese children from the Oriental home
sang. before and after the lecture.
& Co. (contractors), architects Rousseau & Sen
— Steam heatin? work for a four-story frame
apartment building, on S line of Eddy street,
137:6 E of Gough. E 68:9 by S 137 :t$, W. A.
134; $1108.
Same owner with Cahill and Hall Elevator
Company (contractors), architects same — Ele
vator work for. same on same; $2150..
on NE - line : of Eleventh street. 175 N W of
Harrison. NW 25 by NE 100: gift. ; '
I Jennie B. Rice- to'Fredrleh H. Born, lot- on
E lino of Prosper" street, 166:6 N of Seven
teenth, N 25 by E 80; $10. ¦ .
Patrick Hoban or Hogan to Isidor and Ar
thur Franklin," lot on - S line of Eighteenth
street. 30 E of Noe, E 25 by S 101:6; $10.
William H., Grace M., Samuel M.: and Wil
liam H. Crim Jr., George S. Crlm (and as trus
tee, estate of Samuel Crlm) to Jennie R. Pear
son "(wife of Edward K.)/ lot on W line of
Bryant •' street.- ' 100 N of Twenty-second. . N ,75
by W. 100; $3750. ¦ *
Security Savings Bank of San" Jose (a cor
poration) to B. - W. Moore, lot on E line of
Florida street, 207 N of Twenty-fifth, N 27 by ;
E 100; $10.- ¦ •¦ " ¦ .
¦ WIHIam J. and Margaret L. Morgan to same,
same,' quitclaim deed; $2. ' • - l :
'; Stephen A. and' Mary. L- Born to Eustace
Culllnan, lot 'on B- line of Castro street, 51 :'i
N of Twenty- third, N 25 by E 105; $10.
Antontella Malatesta to Adellna Malatesta
(Scudder), lot on E line of Dupont street. 34 :i>
N of Francisco, N 57:3, E 91:8,- S 23, W 66:4%.
S 34:3. W 25:3 V4; $10. , '
Daniel L. and Caro R. Randolph to Charjcs
T. and' Jennie A. Crocker, lot. on W line of
Powell street. 137 : 6 N of Geary. W 137 :6, N
76:6. E 08:9, N 4, E V 68:9. S 80; $220,000.
-; Union Iron : Works (a corporation) to A.
Schilling and G. F. Volkmann, lot on E corner
of Second and Folsom streets, NE 275 by taE
275; also all Interest In Essex place, described
as lot on NE line of Second street. 275 SE
of Folsom, NE 275 by SE 25; $S5,000. -,--
E. M. Galvln to J. E. Galvln. lot on SE
line of Shipley street, 100 NE of Fifth, NE 23
by SE 75; $10. >$.' . y"s" „ ,.'
Estate Mary T. Thompson (by T. C. \an
Ness. .'. administrator) " to Alice Coffey, lot en
NW line of Shipley street, 150 NE of Fifth,
NE 25 by NW 75; $1250..
Estate Charles O'Neill (by Robert S. Thorn
ton, executor) to Stephen S. Herrlek, undivided
half Interest in lot on W line of Marlposa Ter
race, 40 N of Harrison, N tiO by W 50; $700.;
Elizabeth F. and James WalnwHght to same,
undivided half interest In .same; $10. ¦ -' "L
Louise M. Sage, Milton- D.. and Walter &
Grosh and Elizabeth G. JLarzelere-to Wllllatn
P. Morrison, lot on; W-Un«,of Sixth- avenue.
225 N' of Lake street; N 50 by W 120;' $10.' .'-,-
John and Ada M.^Hinkel to James^Tahaney.
lot . on W line of Twenty-fifth- avenue, 175 v S
of Clement street. S 25 by W 130; $10. . •>
Charlotte M. and J. H. Harding. George
Golder, Annie B. Barrett, - Frank Burchmore,
Lottie B. Parker.' Lizile C. ¦ Chllds and CharleS-
Colburn .to Solomon Getz, lot on N line of A
street -75 E of Twenty-sixth avenue. E 63:10
by N 125; $10. : - ", '¦ '
Edith A. and Charles R. Carlson to same,
lot on W line ofJNinth avenue, 125 N of M
Btreet, N. 25 by W 120; $10. ¦ ¦ • >
George C. and Etta H.. Edwards to John JL.
Gregory, lot. on ,E line of Eleventh avenue, .
300 Sof O street; S 25 by E'120: $10.
D - A.- and Ella E.- Curtin to Thomas .M.
Ferguson, lot on W.,line of Thirty-fourth ave
nue, 100 N of -~V- street; 2J 25 by \V 12Q;.aiso
lot on S line of I street, 32:6 E of Forty-«lxth
avenue. E 25 by S 100; $10.y ' -~~ ' « S B ¦
George X. 1 - and Anna M. Dernlng: to George
T. Darning, let on SW line of Fairmount street.
87:6 SE of Palmer, SE 28 by SW. 95, block IS,
Falrmount; $10. ' ¦' -. ¦
-Victor and Mathllde Belgbeider to Marie L.
Claverie. Int en SE line of Cayuga avenue. 320
NE of Onondaga avenue. NB 160 by SE 401.
lots 3. 4. 13 and 14, bicck 13, West End Map
'Adeline A. Schafer to Frances A. Hopkins
(wife of George ~W.), lot on NE line of Lald
ley street. 209:2^- SE of Thirtieth SE J*.
NE 103. N 30. W 132 :8#. lot 126. block 23,
Mission and Twentieth Street - Homestead
Union; $10. '" ¦ .' _, ,
Frances; A. .Hopkins to Carl ton H.: Clark.
"waiter W. and Elizabeth A. Markle to The
Home Building Company (a corporation), lot
on SW line of Cotter street. 100 NW of Mis
sion, NW 25 by SW 100. block 5. Academy
F. Williams and Joseph de Forest
{surviving trustees South San Francisco Home
stead and Railroad Association (a corporation)
to South San Francisco Dock Company (a cor
poration), all- streets, avenues, canals, slips,
docks and wharves upon map* of said home
stead association, recorded April 15, . 18B7, re
fers to 388 D. 373; $1. '
H. Lacy to Charlotte Lacy,' all property of
first' party: gift. ¦ ' _ _ '
A. H. Payson (trustee) to Santa Fe Land
Improvement Company, block 4b, Salt MaraR
and Tide Lands; also lot on NE corner ol
Alameda and Illinois streets, N- 360 L 200.
S 360. W 100. N 100, W 50. S 100, W 50; also
lot on NE corner of El Dorado and Illinois
streets, N 400 by E 200; also block bounded
by El Dorado. Alameda. Michigan and Georgia
streets; also block bounded by El Dorado, Ala
meda Louisiana and Georgia streets; also lot
on NW corner of Alameda and Georgia streets.
N 150 by ,W 200:. also lot on-NE'ccr
ner of Twenty-second and Iowa streets. N ol^J
by E 100; also lot on N line of Twentieth
street, 100 W of Iowa. N 300.75. SW along
Adams Tract to Pennsylvania avenue. S> to
Twentieth, street, ElOOr also lot on SE cor
ner of Twentieth street and Pennsylvania ave
nue E 100 by S 27a 38; also lot on SE cor
ner of Twentieth and Iowa streets, S 341 . E
100 -S 25, E 100, N 360. W 200; also block
bounded. by Nineteenth and Twentieth, Indiana
and Iowa streets; also lot-on-SW corner of
Eighteenth and Indiana streets, S 400. W 200.
N 370 NE 30, E 190; also. lot on NW corner
of Eighteenth and Indiana' streets, N 75. NW
131 SW 105. E 165; also lot" On NE corner of
Eighteenth, arid Indiana streets. N 280. NE to
a point E. 100. S 150, W 100. S < 150, W 100;
also lot on SE corner of Nineteenth and Indi
ana streets. E 200. S 100. W 100, S 100, E 100.
S 200, '5V 200 N 400; also lot on S line of
Mariposa street," B0 E of Minnesota. E 50, S
300, W 50. S 100. W 50, N. 275, -E 75, NE 23,
W 30 '¦ N 100; also lot on NE corner of Eigh
teenth - and Iowa streets.- N I 115. -SE C9. . SW
105. W 25; also lot on SE corner of Eighteenth
•and Iowa streets, E 10. SW.to Iowa street.
N 30; also lot on SE corner of Eighteenth an-I
Indiana streets, S 400, E 200, N 350. W 100.
¦N 50, W 100; also lot on E line of Minnesota
street. 100 S of Marlposa, S 1. E SO. NE to
a point. W to beginning; also lot on SE corner
of Mariposa and Iowa streets. S 285. SE 207:8,
N 325, W 200; also lot on SE corner of Mari
posa and Minnesota .streets. E SO. S 100. E
SO. SW to a point. W to a point. N 125; also
lot on EW corner of Twentieth and Minnesota
streets W 200 by S 416; also lot on SE -cor
ner of Twentieth and Minnesota streets. E 200
by S 300; also lot on NE corner of Twentieth
and Minnesota streets, E 200, N 275. W 10(».
N 125. \V 100, S 400: also lot on SE' corner
of Twentieth and Tennessee streets, E 100 by
S 150; - also lot on W line of Indiana
strset. S00 N of Twenty-second. N 200 by W
100; also lot on W line of Indiana street, 175
N of Twenty-second, N 00 by W 100; also
lot on N W corner of Twenty-second and In
diana streets, N 100 by W 100; also
lot on NE corner of Twenty-second and In
diana - streets. N . 450 by E 100; also - lot on
NW corner of Twenty-sixth and Illinois streets.
N .400 'by W 200; also lot ; on NE- corner of
Twenty-fifth and . Iowa streets. E 100 by N
166:8; also lot on E line of . Minnesota - street,
150 N of Nineteenth, N 25 by E 100; also lot
on E • line of Minnesota street. 100 N of Nine
teenth N 00 by E 100; also lot on NE cbrner
of Minnesota and Nineteenth streets. N 30
by E 100; also lot on E line of. Minnesota
street. 125 S of Eighteenth. S 50 by E 100:
also lot on E line of Minnesota - street,' 50 X
of Nineteenth. N 25 by E 100;. also lot on E
line of Minnesota street. 75 N of Nineteenth,
N 25 by E 100; also lot on E line of Minne
sota" street. 100 S of ' Eighteenth. S 25 by E
100;' also lot on E line of Minnesota street, 175
S . of Eighteenth. S 25 by-E 100; also lot on
W line of Minnesota street, 100-8 of Nine
tec-ntVj, S 1G0 by W 100: also lot on NW cor
ner of Twenty-flf th 'and Indiana streets. W. 100
by N 50; also lot on E line. of Kentucky street,
125 S of- Marln. -S "75.by.kE.106;. also .lot on
SE comer of Kentucky and Marin streets. E
200. -S 200... W 100. N 75. W 100. N 125: also,
lot «n NW corner of Tulare and Illinois streets.
N 200. W 200. S 200, E 200: also lot on,. W
line of Indiana street, 100 N of. Twenty-second,"
N 73 by W 100; also lot on W line of Indiana
street, £25 N : of Twenty-second. N 80 by W
10(1; also lot on W line of Indiana street, 275
N of Twenty-second N 25 by W 1Q0: also Jot
on. SW- corner of KlghteentlT'and Minnesota
streets, S 00 bv W 100; also lot on §W corner
of Islais and Kentucky streets. W 1S2:11. &E
238:3. thence 152:8 to beginning; ?1. .. .
• Pacific Land Improvement Company to same,
undivided one-half Interest In the- following:
Block 127, bounded Jfly, Sixth and Seventh ave
nues and P -and Q -streets, 'South: also bioek
137. • bounded ¦ by ¦ Seventh and Eighth avenues
and P: and Q streets; also block ins. bounded
by. Eighth rand' Ninth avenues anil -P and Q
streets; also block 136^ bounded, by Seventh an^d
Eighth avenues and Q and II streeU;$l;'
Builders' Contracts.
Hecry Kahn (owner) with' Floodberjj A llo-
Caffcry (contractors), \ architects .William Moo
ser & Son — Wood and metal lathing, plastering
and .cementing . for . a five -story ami basement
brick building on S line of Sutter street. 200:3
W of Taylor.- W 45:10 by S 137:0; $.' > 6<i0. - .
¦¦'August Miller i owner) with Hennlnsr P. Ot
ten (contractor), architect r. ¦ All work
except mantels, gui fixtures and shelves for- a
two-story basement and attic frame building
(flnts) on Eline of Hartford street, 1108 of
Nineteenth. 29 by 125; $5463. - ~ . .
John > J. "Winner (owner) with Prank ' Lind
say (contractor), architect G. A. Dodge—^Jrad-.
Ing. concrete/ carpenter, mill Vork. , stair*,'
glass, glaring, tiling, rough and finish -,hard
ware for ft two-story and basement fram*
building (flats) on N ltne of Vallejo street. 137:0
W of Flllir.ore. W 34:4',A by N 137:6, W. A.
34C; $0580. • ' ~
Mrs M. V. Merle .. (owner) .' with -,-• John •¦ O.
Adams • (contractor). < architect -W... O. Banks —
All work except plumbing, gas fitting, tiling
and sower work, painting, fresco work. for a
three-story frame building ' with rough base
ment (Hats) on N line of McAllister street. 30
E of Scott. E 34 by. N 100: $9600.
Same owner with. William S. Snook & Son
(contractors); architect same— Plumbing, gas
flt ting ; tiling ' and ; sewer work ' for., same on
san:o-;.$132O. .. • -- -« ¦¦ •- ' ' ¦- ¦ --
.¦' Same owner with A. Gradln (contractor),
architect- same — Painting, - graining-, tinting,
natural wood finishing: and; fresco work for
same on same; ?123J., '
¦; George ; W. Elu (owner) with Ira W. Co
burn (contractor).- architect Frank S. Holland —
All work for a one-story and basement frame
cottage on lots 217- and 21S, block 0, Heyman
Tract: $icsn. ¦ . ¦ ¦ ¦¦•,'.-;•• »
'¦ Mary ¦E.'.McGulra; (owner) with-White Bres.
(contractors), architects Martens &_Coftey — All
work -except * plumbing, gas 'fitting, painting,
mantel eettlnRs. gas fixtures and; shades. for a
three-story, frame building with concrete foun«
datlon (flats); on N line of Page street, 10G W
Of Baker. W 30 by N137: 0; 510.140. .
Same owner with G. C. Sweeney (contractor),
architects. samfrh-Sewerlng, - plumbing and gas
flttlnp,- etc.; 1 for same on same; ?119j.
Iaador > Sch warts (owner) with J. G. Grannis
TKE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APBIL 11, 1902.
13
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
TYPEWRITERS I AND j" SUPPLIES."
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS— We
sell better machines for less money than' any
house In the city: rentals $3; The Typewriter
Exchange, 636 California; telephone Main 200.
WEBSTER -Typewriter - Inspection Co.'— Expert
typewriter doctors: estimate free. 200 Sansome.
TYPEW R ITIN G AND MI.MEO GRAPHING.
EXPERT typewriting. 4c folio; copleB, 2c : mim-
eographing. 927 Market, rm; 301: Jessie 1554.
MUST be sold; owner leaving for -southern part
. of State; handsome house of 11 rooms and
bath; good location; . fine view; lot 70x160;
' will sell at sacrifice to make quick sale. Ap-
ply JOS. J^ MASON. Real Estate. Berkeley
station. :' ' .: :•
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
COTTAGE of 7 rooms and bath: high base-
ment; easy payments. MURDOCK, 514 Pine.
STORAGE AXD /WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE^RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.,
office Post and Powell sts. ; tel. | Main 6713. :
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 630 Market st. ;
tel. Main 1840;' shipping at cut rates."
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Mis-
sion St.; tel. Howard 941. ¦ F. W. ZEHFUSS.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 FiHmore St.; phone Jackson 281:
ON and after this date the undersigned will not
be responsible for any bills contracted by my
wife. Mrs. Millie Randhahn. Dated San Fran-
cisco April 7. 1902. RICHARD RANDHAHN.
A — HAVE you pimples, wrinkles, freckles, red
nose, falling hair, dandruff, eczema, gray
hair, bald head? I guarantee a cure or no
pay. The Bohemian Specialist. ,131 Post st.
$1900— A BARGAIN; a 2-story building of 10
rooms In 2 flats; lot 33x90 feet; rented for
-$22 per month; owner going East. HUGH
' M. CAMERON. 1058 Broadway.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
OFFICE— 3113 BROADWAY.
A— WHAT do you think? O. BERMAN, 48
Ellis, makes colored shirts to order; $1 each;
same as white shirts; selection 300 patterns.
ELECTRIC light In every room — Winchester
Hotel 44 Third st.. near Market; 700 rooms;
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
FURNITURE good and cheap this month.' H.
SCHELLHAAS. 40S Eleventh St.. Oakland.
WHY guess? You can be certain of style and
flt by using Standard Patterns. April pat-
terns and The Designer now ready. J. W.
EVANS. Domestic, of flee. 1021 Market. nr.6th.
OFFICE of the Sierra Railway . Company , of
California 229 Crocker bldg.. San ' Francisco.
Cal. - April 1 1902 — Coupon No. 10, due April
12 1902, • from first mortgage 6 per cent bonds
of' the Sierra Railway Company of Califor-
nia, will be paid at the fiscal agency of this
company,' the Crocker- Woolworth National
Bank of San Francisco. Cal.: on and after
i' that date 8 D FRESHMAN. Treasurer..
WILLIAM TEALE WELFITT, deceased,' for-
merly of North Temescal, Oakland, ' and other
places In California, and late of French
Camp, San Joaquln- County, California. — Any
person claiming as a child of' the deceased* to
share In certain -. moneys divisible upon his
death should communicate immediately with
-MESSRS CORMAC & DONOHOE& BAUM,
\ 119 Bush st.,' San Francisco, Cal. j .
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
O'FARRELL, 431— Suite sunny rooms; fur-
nished for housekeeping. v
OCTA VIA; ' 1303, corner Geary — Sunny parlor;
folding bed; kitchen; gas stove; single, $8 up.
MARRIED.
FONTALBAT— HARCADE— In Oakland, April
10, 1002. by Deputy County Assessor Wil-
liam N. Van De Mark, Efflile Fontalbat and
Marie C. Harcade, both of San Francisco. •
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
LOANS money on salary; no Indorser; Eastern
7'ian. Western Loan Co.. 309 Phelaji bldg.
T you want a home I will loan you money to
buy It. A. E. RUDELL. 222 Sansome st.
ON furniture, pianos; lowest rate; no removal:
J strictly private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1006
Valencia st. .; ¦ - ¦>¦ ¦¦¦ ' •-»>
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
BARGAIN — New house of 6 rooms and bath;
all modern lmorovement*. besides store and
living-rooms In lower floor: cheap; easy
terms. See owner on jiremlses NW. corner
Chenery and Fairmount st«. •
Vendome. 1104 Market — Chanced hands; newly
renovated; furn. suites^ Mrs. V. W. Miller,
TURK, 543, ' near Polk— Large ' front room ;
grate, gas and bath; $3 50 per week.
JOSEPH STRAUB.
850 Market St.. corner Stockton.
Telephone Grant 177.
Real Estate Agent.
Property Bought and Sold.
Rents Collected. .
TAYLOR. 810 — Sunny front room, $8; another,
$10; quiet, select location.
SUTTER, 1022U. nr. Hyde — Large double par-
lors, furnished; sun all day; phone. ' -
SHERMAN ADartment House, 28 Eighth • St.,
near Market — Furnished; also 3 'unfurnished.
$1750— SNAP; 29x75: block from 2 car lines;
15 minutes from City Hall; street bitumen;
concrete sidewalk and curbed; lots level,
ready to build; 17th St., corner Diamond. •
Another bargain; 2 lots, 25x86; 2 frontages;
level block: nr. DoSiglafss; 1 block from electric
cars; only $750 ea. O. D. BALDWIN. 22 Mont.
ROYAL House, 12C Ellis — Incandescent light,
reading-room, smoking-room aud' ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night. '35c to $1 CO; week, $2
to $8 month, JS to $30, elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
O'FARRELL, 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator, elec. lights; day, week, -mo.
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015' Market— Nicely fur-
nished rooms; $2 a week up; 35c a day up.
GROVE, 20 — Sunny furnished room; . rent
reasonable; Gentlemen only. . . l
GENTLEMAN wants a gentleman to share
with him a large suite Of rooms In a first-
class family hotel. Address L. H. C, 26
Montgomery St., room 14. • . ;, -,
GEARY. 405 (The Navarre) — Elegantly furnish-
ed suites and single; travelers accommodated.
GEARY, 428 (The Gage) — An elegant suit of
sunny rooms; also single; the above house
'has changed' hands 'and been renovated."' V
ELLIS, 6S5. corner Larkln— Bay-window al-
cove with mantel; 2 or 3 men preferred.
$10 W on furniture, pianos: no com.; private
party. St. Ann's bldg., 6 Eddy. rm. 72. 4th flr.
O. A. LANE. Mills building, will loan sums to
suit; Interest low; also easy payment loans.
Private party; confidential ; lowest rates; pianos
& furniture: no removal. Garthels, 208 Post.
ONE per cent on furniture; $5 a month on each
$1000; any security. 302 Montgomery st_. r. 1.
Money loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, r. 44. Merchants' Exc. 431 California.
CASH loaned salaried people on note without
indorser. MORRELL, «09 Examiner bldg.
2% ON furniture and pianos: $15 up; no re-
moval. Phone Black 17C3. Room 8L 6 Eddy.
A PRIVATE party loans any amount on furni-
ture, pianos; no removal: low rates; confiden-
tlal. WH1TKHEAP (Wilson's). 1710 Market.
S. F. DISCOUNT AGENCY— Loans to salaried
peosle on their note.
TKE TOUSLE Y CO 143 Phelan bldg.
Or. furniture, pianos; no removal; money quick;
lowest interest; easy terms; no brokerage; re-
liable party. 1170 Market st. room 68.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by private
party; no removal; no eommfFsion; confiden-
tial. Room 5, trontervatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
ELFVING. 616 Examiner big. ; loans on pianos,
furniture, etc.. at 2 per cent without removal;
no brokerage charged; confidential ; open eves.
ELLIS. 321 (Mozart)— Nicely furn. rooms, 35c,
$150 night; $150. $6 week; open all night.
ELEGANTLY furnished front room, for one or
two. 1523 Clay st.
PHYSICIAXS AXD SURGEOXS.
RUPTURE and piles cured; no pay until cured;
no operation no detention from business; all
private diseases treated successfully; consul-
tation free. Drs. Forden & Porterfield. 6 Turk.
DR. J. W. SEELEY. 207 Powell St.— Specialist
for insanity, fevers and rheumatism ; also for
. epilepsy, pneumonia and sexual diseases. .
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL — Office and residence,
1021*4 Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
re al ¦¦ Eirm^E.—crT ' v— -FOR- ; ' s ale."
$1.400 — NEW modern cottage: hot and cold
water, bath, closet, sink, nice yard, i
fence; a fine home; $400 cash, balance
$14 per month.
$2,600 — Fine dwelling; beautiful location:
modern and up to date; $600 cash, bal-
ance easy terms.
$9,000 — Fine new building of three flats; near
Park; rent $S5;^easy terms.
$10,000 — Splendid new building near the Park;
three flats; rent $100; easy terms.
$10.000 — Fine new buiMing of three flats: ma-
rine view: rent $100; easy terms.
WELLS & BAUNDERS.
v:-. J c-. 630 Market st.
EDDY, 112H.' — Two rooms In back of shaving
parlor.
ON real estate, 1st or 2nd mortgages and on fur-
niture or pianos; no removal; any amount:
lowest rates. BECKER. 36 Geary St., room 36.
DR. LAMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINT, the
best corn cure. 25c: all druggists. ¦
TAILOR-MADE suits. $7 50; dress pants. $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont
jwn.eoo AT 6 per cent, in sums to suit in city;
$150,000 on large ranches at fair rates; sec-
ond mortgs. R. 3. Mercer & Son, 412 Pine.
BURNETT, 1426 Market (old No. 1364J— Fur-
nished rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLAY, 1613 — Furnished front room .In' pri-
vate family, with bath and phone; rent $15.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos; no removal;
lowest rate; private, confidential. ORMSBY,
26 Montgomery St., room 7. opp. Lick House.
ALL choice neat sunny suites or singles: day,
week or month: bath, phone. 332 . Stockton.
ONE MINUTE TOOTH-ACHE DROPS CURE
Instantly: 10c and 25c. . All druggists.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth— Rooms,
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night. : .
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelrv Store. S46
Market et.: tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to its natural color; $1; at all druggists.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles removed by
electric needle.Dr.&Mrs.Traverse,1170 Market.
ARGYLE Hotel, 234 McAllister— New, elegant,
sunny: -75c day upward; rates by week or
rnonth; McAllister cars to door; handsomest
grill room. In California attached. . .
%irt"XICIPAL Loan Office. 103 Grant ave., near
Geary »t.; phone Red 1603.
Electric & electrlc-llght baths, massage, hot air
treatment for rheumatism, etc. 233 Geary.r.27.
ROOMS TO LET — Furn. and Unfnrn.
Masquerade costumes at H. Anderson's, theat-
rical costumer. 26 O'Farrell: country orders.
Mrs. Brlggs — Superfluous hair, moles destroyed
by electricity. 1719 Buchanan: tel. West 259.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. ¦ , "
Birth, marriage and death ' notices sent' by
mall will not be inserted. Thay must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and.be
Indorsed with the name and residence of . per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BOEN. • &
GRAVE^-In Oakland, t March 26. 1902, to the
-wife of J. W. Grave., a daughter.
MoGIFFIN — In this city, April 7. 1902, to the
.wife of Joseph McGiffin, a- daughter. - ¦ :• - ¦:
PREECE— In this city, April 3, 1002, to the
; wife of H. M. Preece. a daughter.
SAVILLE— In this city. April 9,' 1902, to the
wife of H. D. Saville. a son. >¦ . ..
WHEELER— In this city,' March 4, 1902,' to
; the wife of Harry S. Wheeler, a daughter.
ANY proposition, any amount: 6 per cent; first,
second and third mortgages, estates in pro-
bate, interest in estates, legacies, undivided
interests? securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile Interests, corporation loans. Booms 16.
1st floor. Chronicle big. GEORGE E. OLSEN
DR. THIELE, German specialist, removed from
110 Geary to 101 Eddy St., corner Mason.
TEHAMA, 478, nr. Sixth — Sunny fiat-for house-
keeping; parlor. 2 bedrooms, dinlngvroom and
kitchen, $20: no children. .
ELECTRIC needle specialists: superfluous hair
& moles destroyed. Mrs. H. Eaton, 427 Sutter.
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS.
STOCKTON. 1206— Nldfely furnished single and
double housekeeping rooms; free gas ' and
stove; model house; $4. $6, $8 and. $10.
MRS. DR. NICE Informs her patrons that she
Is now located at 139 Taylor st.
A — IF your hair Is falling or you are bald call on
Dr.G.S.Moore,332O'Farrell; send for circular.
ANT AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT.
First, second and third mortgages
Undivided interest In real estate in probate..
Mortgages and legacies bought: no delay
Get my terms before doing business elsewhere
R. McCOLGAN .....\
.24 Montgomery st.
SEVENTH. 191 — Large sunny rooms, furnished
complete for. housekeeping. i
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MIES EATON. 1119 Sut.ter st.
SEVENTH, 28 — Nicely furnished sunny suite,
$15; others $12. $10. $8 and $6. •
POWELL, 1005. cor. Clay — 2 sunny rooms, $16;
3 connecting, $30; all complete for housekpg.
AA— MANHATTAN LOAN CO (Inc.).
$300,000 at 5Vi and C per cent In eums to suit;
City, Oakland, Town and Country Property;
second mortgages, life insurance and securi-
ties: loans on unsettled estates, undivided In-
terests in real estate and legacies; will pur-
chase above securities. MANHATTAN LOAN
CO.. 7TH FLOOR. CROCKER BUILDING.
WHITE enamel Iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton st~. near Broadway.
MONEY loaned at low Interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S". 10 Sixth st.
MOXEY TO LOAX.
A—HERMAN MTRPHY. 6t)f-602 Examiner ble
IF YOU NEED MONET
See HERMAN MURPHY. C01-602 Examiner.
$4,500,000 at Lowest Rates
On First and Second Mortgages......
........On Life Interests In Estates
Property Being Held in Trust
Tndivided Interests In Real Estate
Life Insurance Policies: Estates in Probate.
Financial Problems of all sorts and sizes.
UrasE. iron beds: mattresses: pillows: window
shades. J.F.Hotter.71S Mission: tel. Main 730.
HOWARD, 935H- -Two sunny rooms for houje-
keepg., complete; hot, cold water; reasonable.
HAIR dyeing; bleaching a specialty; shampoo-
Ing 50c; hair dried by electric drier & dressed
In 30 min. Miss A.V.Doyle.1702 Mkt, op. 10th.
HYDE, 408 — Sunny front and back parlor, suite,
complete for housekpg, $25; -other suite, $18.
A FIKST-CLASS shampoo for 50c; hair dried
in 10 minutes; hair dressing, 25c. G. LED-
ERER. 123 Stockton st. .
JACKSON. 1 1513— Two nicely furnished sunny
housekeeping rooms; private; reasonable..
Electrolytic removal of moles and ¦ superfluous
hair; permanent; painless; free treatment;
work guaranteed. Miss CDudley.1702 Market.
LARKIN. 804 — Sunny back bedroom and kitch-
en neatly furnished; no small children; $ll.
AT less than cost, uncalled-for suits, overcoats
-and trousers-at CHARLES LYONS', London
tailor. 721 Market st. '
MCALLISTER, 536 — Nicely furnished' sunny
suite;: sink; gas range; bath; laundry; $10.
FIFTH. 353 — Furnished housekeeping rooms;
2,-$J5; 3. $20; single, $4, $5 to $7. .;' ¦
MATTRESSES AXD PILLOWS.
TO order; also cleaned and sterilized; uphol-
ttery: Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS.. 411 to 415 Powell
st_: tel. Bush 421. : ,
ROOMS FOR IWUSEICEEPIIVG.^^
ELLIS, 802— Sunny front suite, furnished for
housekeeping; reasonable.
HATKIMOMAL.
r-ARRIAGE bureau: est. 18S7: reliable and
r confidential: lists 10c. Mrs. Hertz. 706 El'.ls.
)OtS. DAVIES, ladles' specialist, at old office.
12CS Market jft.| no branch office.
I>R. SG TOY KEE. 210 Stockton St., opposltn
Hnlon square; all diseases cured by herbs.
DR ROSEN. ladies* reliable and sincere spe-
cialist. 1OC7V4 Market; avoid delay; $10.
KIXDOOHERB and MRS. DAVIES* original
method of treatment; maternity home; home
in confinement. 1126 Market st., 6. F.
URS. D. ALLEN. HIS Market — Reliable ladles'
rrecialirt: a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
FREE Facial Massage during April, using cele-
brated Los Angeles preparations of-.
FANNY BRIGGS CARR
Will remove moth patches, wrinkles, cur«
the worst pimpled face. 123 Stockton st.
JIBS. DR. GOODWIN, ladles' reliable special-
ist; maternity hospital; home for infants free;
fee low. 90C Market st., opp. Emporium.
' ' • PERSONALS.
AN elegant line of remnants for suits to order.
$15; with these suits we make an extra pair
of pants free of charge; other suits on install-
ments. $1 weekly. L. LEMOS. 1117 Market
6t.. between Seventh and Eighth.
1IFS SWEET. 606 Guerero et., near ISth —
•iraduatf of Royal University, Berlin; has 25
years' experience in midwifery cases: takes
ladies before and during confinement; best
motherly care; infants adopted; confinements
S15: room and t»oard $5 week; consult me be-
fore going elsewhere. Phone Blue 411.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist, 515
Taylor st.. bet. Geary and Post :tel. Black CC1.
MME. G. L. NEERGAARD reads 1 to 4. 700
Post st.. corner of Jones; phone Polk 837.
1TIS D WYETH — Well-known reliable ladies*
specialist: 30 years 1 experience: instant relief
guaranteed: home in confinement Removed
to IOCS 1 * Market St., opposite 5th st.
3IRS DR KOHL — Well-known ladles' special-
ist, removed to lOCS^ Market St.. opp. 5th st.
. PALMISTRY.
MRS. E. PEARCE, scientific business palmist,
parlors U and 10. The Vendome. 11.04 Market
et.; hours 10 a. m. to 9 p. m. : horoscopes; cast
by mail, $1; palmistry taught. ;
FIRST-CLASS -work; low rates; get figures. J.
C ROMAINE. 640 G. G. ave. ; tel. Polk 1423.
PAPERING room, walls. $3: painting. $1;
' whitening, 75c. Samuelson. 315 Golden Gate.
A- -DR O'DON'NELL. world-renowned special-
j s t Ladies all who are siok or in trouble,
consult the -specialist on femele complaints:
- r..< r.strua.1 female complaints positively cor-
icctec:: the unfortunate helped: relief In all
casps taken: the most difficult cases treated;
have relieved thousands of most obstinate
cases- fr*H? confidential advice on all subject*
of a delicate nature. DR. G. W. O'DON-
NELL office & residence. 1018 MV JT^>P. Sth.
Rooms papered $3 up; pointing & tinting done.
Hartman Paint Co.. 319 3d est.; tel. Ked 3521.
MEDICAL.
FAIXTERS AXD DECORATORS.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
BEAUTIFUL cased, rich-toned pianos, with
the finest action can be had from us at such
low prices and easy terms that any one can
sfford to buy; in fact it la better to buy
than rent. We sell the Decker-Wissner-Bau-
meister and Stoddard. and you cannot fail to
be pleased with them. Call and look, even
if you are not quite ready to buy. THE
ZEKO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 769 Market.
TIMBER land, 146 acres maple, fir and cedar
land; Chehalln River. Wash.; 2 miles from
railroad; county road and school house on
land; cheap for cash. Address O.-'P. BAR-
TIN, 626 Eddy st.
KOR Rent — 12 acres of very rich land"; suitable
for melons and garden truck; family orchard;
fine prune orchard; large buildings for hog
and chicken raising; abundance of good
water; splendid opportunity for right man.
Call or address at 3226 King St., Berkeley.
niSSOLU'f ION OF I'AKTMBKSHIP.
DISSOLUTION of partnership. — The partner-
ship heretofore existing between E. H. CAR.
¦ DALL and E. E. HESSE, headquarters The
Palms Restaurant. 783 Market St., San, Fran-
cisco, Cal., was dissolved April 0, 1902 said
Cardall retiring. CARDALL & HESSE \E
E. HESSE. 5Si\"*
VAN NESS. 519^ — Handsome furnished sunny
suites, single rooms; first-class table board.
REAL ESTATE-— COCXTRY — For Sale
FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO — —
Small tracts. $C0 to $90 per acre, on Rancho
Cotati. Sonoma Co.; future value assured, as
San Francisco Is growing rapidly; location
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The CoUtl Co., 302 California St., for
pamphlets and Information.
REMOVED!
McGlNN'BROS.,
FUNERAL -'DIRECTORS and ¦EMBALM-
ERS, to 224 and 22« i McAllister st. (For-
merly of 31 Edd" st.-' Tel. -South 252.) ¦ ¦¦
OFFICE . of . C. Q. M.. Vancouver Barracks,
Wash.. March 14, 1902. — Sealed proposals, in
triplicate, will be received ' here until : 1 1 - a.
- m., -April 14. • 1002,. for furnishing fuel at
military posts In this department ¦ for fiscal
,year commencing July . 1, 5 1902; . Information
furnished here or. by quartermasters at posts.
U. S. reserves right to reject or accept any
or all proposals or any part thereof.- Envel.
opes : containing proposals should be. marked:
"Proposals for ' Fuel at • ," addreBsed J.
W. JACOBS, "CQ.-M.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS
27 «r«i »9 Fifth St. -TBt. South W7 •
rUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER&.
nn««t Equipment *t j Medrrttte ntHf^T
NEW FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS.
Samuel' McFadden, 18 years manager for
the United I Undertakers'-" Association; M. J.
McBrearty. with the same company for IS
years; P.. F., Green. , late, with J. ; C. ¦ Q'Con-
nor St Co.: I have | opened new >. Funeral Par-
lors at 1171 Mission est.' between Seventh,
and .Eighth. "< Telephone South'. 44. B • •
I-ROPOSALS for purchase of U. S. ' Army
. transport ROSECRANS.-r-Offlce of General
Superintendent, Army Transport Service, 36
New Montgomery st..' San Francisco, . Cal.,
April 7. 1902. — Sealed proposals, In triplicate
for the purchase of . the Army transport
. ROSECRANS will be received in this office
until 12 m.. April 24. 1902. and then opened.
Vessel «to be delivered to successful bidder In
San . Frandnco, ' Cal.' The appraised value ct
said vessel' is one hundred thousand; "dollar*.
The Government reserves the right to. wject
. any or all proposals. Envelopes containing
proposals should be Indorsed "Proposal ¦ tot
' purchase'of Army 'transport ROSECRANS,"
and addrfssed.to the General Superintendent"
Army Transport Service., ; San Francisco. - Cftl,-
Partlculars as .to bonds, required. . and in-
• ' formation as to the character of vessel, etc.,'
. furnlrhed on application. ; '
Mt; Olivet Cemetery,
X NEAREST ; THE - CITY.' ~
Office, 916 Market Street.
• ' ¦'':.. Telephone , Bush 367.. .; <
CASH for your country or suburban property.
Land • Dept.. American Guaranty and Trust
Co., Hayward building.
FOR sale or exchange — Beautiful Income home
in San Jose for S. F. property. Box 4671. Call.
CHOICE country lands for eale. Land Dept,
AmerlcanGuaranty&TniBt Co.. Hayward bldg.
SimURDAN I113AL ESTATE
ROSS VALLEY — 10-room furnished house, near
station, for rent from June 1; rent $60 per
month. ' J. TDNSTEAD. San ' Anielmo. • .
REAL ESTATE TO . EXCHANGE.
WANTED— To rent or buy 60 acres or upward
unimproved > land -with a living stream of
water. Address B. M. D.. box 4844, Call.
ANY piano cold by us taken back any time
¦within 2 years and full purchase, price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe, at regular
price; costB you only' 20c a day to buy a
piano from U6. KOHLER & CHASE, CO
O'Farrell Et.: established 1850.
DEALERS, big proSt* saved on unredeemed
pianos; {vllin^ tor storage and advances; up-
rights. *37 vp (wonderful). WILSON'S Stor-
age, 1710 Market st.
J.UDW1G pianos— Most popular of all. For sale
W only by the Wiley B. Allen Co.. 831 Market
«t., 6an Francisco. Agents Chase & Baker
piano players.
tSTALL upright. $35; large cabinet grand up-
rjrnt. $150; square piano*. $85 up; A. B.
Cameron, walnut case almost new $275.
Bowers & Son. 23 5th gt.. Ivera & Pond agts.
UPRIGHT piano. $100; splendid bargain; be^t
c^AiiS P' an °8 In city for $3 per month.
SCOTT-CL-RTAZ PIANO CO..- 560 Hayes st.
ALMOST new large elze Rteinway opright left
on tale; bargain. 2S5 Geary rt.
M «l? "£h?t£, : ? u f l dlB P°»« o f l»n?e. handsome
upright grand piano; 3d cost. 1000 Van Ness.
BTRpN'MACZT. 30S-310-312 Pom at - Sohmer
and other planog and pipe organs.
3 LEADING pianos — Steinwav. Chiekerln*
Weber; other makes, at FAY'S. 1729 Mission
SUPERIOR violin*, zithers old and new - vt
MtTXEIt. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place."
AND STORES TO LET.
EMMA SPRECKELS bulldingTMTMaTket "it"^.
•Light, cheerful offices, $15!J25 per month-
light, heat. Janitor and telephone.
LOFT for rent. 40xC5 feet, for light manufac-
turing punx>se«: with water; S16 month
WM. LOANE. plumber. 439 Fifth «t.
PACIFIC. 328. near Sansome — Handsome lanre
store; cheap. .-.-„•"
Jt-ARGE store with basement Just below Kear-
y\ n >'. to' leare: also office run 63ft Clay. Yxa. 1.
__ OIL.
OIL tanks, 2nd-band. In good order; all dies;
ctoeap. H. fi. WHITE, 130-132 Beale %V
OFFICE of the Contra Costa Water -Company,
room 16, second floor. Mills building, - San
Francisco. April 8, 1902 — Dividend No. 199 of
42 cents per share on the capital stock of the
Contra Costa.Water Company will be payable
at the office of Bald company, room 16, second
floor, Mili* building, on April 15; transfer
bocks will close on April 8 at 3 p. m. ED-
WARD McGARY. 1 . Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICES
Santa Clara Valley. San Jose and Peninsular
properties. «ee WOOSTER. WHITTON 4
MONTGOMERY. 634 Market. S. F.. & San J.
PROFITABLE orange, lemon, peach and prune
- lands to sell: right locality; big money; easy
payment*. HEALY & CARR. 927 Mkt. r. 208.
HENRY J. CALL ACHER CO.
' (Successor to Flannagan &' Gallagher.) •'
. DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr. ,
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3
; 20 Fifth st., opposite Ltncoln School.
; . " Telephone 'South -80. • / ; v
SONOMA Valley and foothill land; small
tracte: 14-mile from railroad; come Saturday
and Sunday at reduced fares and pee tins
land. J. T. PETERS. 11 Montgomery «t. -'
FIVE dollars an acre; 8120 acres irrigated
river bottom land; all good; see us quickly.
WOOSTER. WHITTON & MONTGOMERY,
634 Market fit.
SAN FRANCISCO, Cal., March 15, 1902
Sealed proposals. In triplicate, will be re-
ceived at this office until 11 a. m., Monday
April 14, 1902, and then opened for "Doing
all "the Printing, and furnishing all ma-
terial therefor, that may be required at
Headquarters Department of California dur-
ing the fiscal year ending June 30 i&03 "
Preference will be given- to articles of do-
mestic production or manufacture, conditions
.'of quality and price (including in the price
of foreign productions or manufacture the
duty thereon) being equal. The United
States reserves the right to reject or accept
any or all ' proposals in whole or in- part.
' Information furnished on application to un-
dersigned. . Envelopes containing proposals
should be marked "Proposal* for Printing/'
and addressed to D.. D. WHEELER. Deputy
Quartermaster General, U. : S. Army, . Chief
Quartermaster. . ¦ ' ¦ j '..,'. ' .
PROPOSALS.
SOUTHEAST corner of Harrison and Langton
ets.; 75x75. -with Improvements: make an
offer. PATTERSON & CO., 11 City Hall
square.
MEREDITH. 218 Turk — Sunny front rooms;
electric lights; hot and cold water; modern;
first-class board; reasonable; phone South 829.'
CALIFORNIA, 807 (Stevenson Mansion) — Select
family hotel; exceptional table; popular rates.
ALTHOUGH many seemingly advantageous
propositions are offered in the way of prices
and terms upon pianoe. please bear in mind
that v.-«- can not only duplicate them, but can
offer exceptionally fine pianos and largest
assortment of best makes to choose from.
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. Steinway dealers,
cor. Kearny and Sutter sts., 8. F.; Broad-
Btj and Thirteenth sts., Oakland.
WANTED at once, a number of choice residence
lots; we have cash buyers waiting. HEALY
& CARR, S27 Market St.. room 208.
AS our new building and hall 1* not quite
completed vt are making a cut on all our
p!ano«=. Som» special bargains; — 1 Knabe, $85;
1 Heine. $185; 2 Steintrays, $165; 3 Chlcker-
ing», $140 to $17O; and 20 others. Squares.
(15 up. Small amount down and low pay-
ments according to quality. HEINE PIANO
CO.. Heine Hall. 235-237 Geary «t.
ATTENTION. BARGAIN-HUNTERS—
Fecond-hand upright pianos from $55 up.
Second-hand square pianos from $50 up.
Second-hand organs from $25 up; new upright
pianos from $175 up. BENJ. CURTAZ &
SON". 16 to 20 O'Fairell. Chickering. Mason
and Hamlin. Vose, Sterling pianos.
LIBERTY. 30. near Valencia— Nice sunhy
rooms, with board; Mission warm belt.
VAN NESS. 015 — Excellent board and room
for couple, $45; sinsrle, $20. ¦-. ¦ •• • • ••
VAN NESS, 607 — To a reHned couple; larg«
eunny parlor, with, board, in private home.
APPRECIATED If eeen; new, elegant sunny
modern cottage; 6 large rooms and bath; San
Jose ave.. near Valley et.. bet. 28th and 29th;
Guerrero-st. cars pass door.
Lambourne, 420 Eddy — High-class hotel; furn
suites and single; steam heat; board optional
ROOMS AXD BOARD.
$.10,000 EACH; appreciated if ceen; 2 new 12-
roem residences on Washington St.. near
LAUrel (Presidio Heights); open for inspec-
tion from 11 to 3 dally.
DIED. -.,'¦
Bartlett. Rita De C. Kennedy. Benj. L. "
Baumann. Barbara . Lacy, Harry
Bresnan. Catherine London. James -
Campbell. John . McConvllle, David P.
Cardiff. Joseph R. McMahon, Augustus-
Corbett. Wallace W. Murphy, William
Daly, John R. • Neame, Charles
Douty.' Annie B.' Parish. Charles L.
Drusedom, - Marguer- - • Rettlg-.- Conrad- -
¦He 1 ' ,. ' Rosencrantz. Roaslc
Dulgman, Thomas J. -Schade* (Infant) .;
Eckstein, Mary E. tv - Stanford. Myron_E
Fuchlkawa.'Ma'saRu ~ Swain; Edward K.
Guptill. Wlllard W. .¦ Woolley. Benjamin
Henrlkson, George - ,; Wfeythroff. Chas. M
Hub, Merlam. •
Jansen, Thomas N.
Wright, Ellsha B.
BABTLETT— In Oakland, April 9, 1902, Rita
De Cassia, daughter- of. Thomas James and
Elizabeth Mitchell Bartlett, a native of
-Fruitvale, aged 8 years. 2 months' and 25
days.'. <¦-< ' ¦ .¦; . ¦ .- _.'.-- t •¦
BAUMANN — At - Napa [ Springs, Napa ' County,
Cal., April 9, 1902, Barbara Baumann, dearly
beloved wife of Jacob Baumann, a native of
Wassen, Canton Uri. Switzerland, aged 52
years.
BRESNAN— In' Oakland," ; April 9, 1002, Cath-
erine Bresnan, beloved wlf^p of Patrick Bres-
nan, sUter of William Brodrlck of Yonkerj,
N. Y.. and niece of the late Mrs. John Mc-
Connallo. a native of Ireland, aged 49 years.
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
. fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
. (Friday), at 9 o'clock, . from her late resi-
dence, 821 Center : street, thence to St. Pat-
. rick's Church, where a requiem mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul at 0:30
o'clock. Interment. St. Mary's Cemetery,
Oakland.
CAMPBELL— In Sausalito, April 9, 1902, John
Campbell, beloved husband of • Catherine
Campbell, father of Mrs. C. Jewett, W.,H.
Campbell, -Mrs. A. Sandstrom, . Florence E.
Campbell and H. J. Campbell, and brother of
Dorcas Campbell and Rebecca Fislf, a na-
tive of British Guiana, aged 34 years. •
E7 Friends and acquaintances are- respect-
fully invited 1 to attend the funeral, to-morrow
(Saturday), at 1 o'clock, from hie late resi-
dence In Sausallto, thence to Christ ¦ Church
for services. ¦ Interment- Sausallto Cemetery.
CARDIFF— In this city, April 0, 1002, • Joseph
R. Cardiff, beloved son of Richard R. and
Margaret Cardiff, and brother of Walter H.
Cardiff, Mrs. Emily Gordon and Mr*.
Mabel Ruppel, a native of San Francisco.
CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend funeral «ervlce» Fri-
¦ day. April 11. 1902. at 1 o'clock, at his
- late residence, 561 Natoma street. Interment
Presidio Cemetery. -
MEMBERS of- Company. E, First Regiment
Infantry. N. G. C, are ordered to report at
Armory at 12:30 o'clock, Friday, April 11, in
fatigue uniform, from thence to attend the
funeral of our deceased comrade, Joseph R,
" Cardiff. By order .¦ J. H. 1 . JORDAN,
; . • Capt. .Com'd's Co. E. '
CAMB Relnhold Richter I Np. 127." Spanish-
'Amorlcan War Veterans, are respectfully re-
-. quested . to attend the funeral of ti our late
comrade,- Joseph Cardiff, to-day (Friday),
April 11. at 1 o'clock, from the residence of
.- his parents, 561 1 Natoma' street. By order of
T..P. O'BRIEN.. Commander.
THOMAS W..COSTELLO, Adjutant.. •,.
COUBETT— In thfr City and County Hospitai,
April 10, lOOi > Wallace • W. Corbctt. a na-
tive of New York, aged fi7 years. • .. ., -.
DALY — In this city. Ar>rii 9. 1902, John R.
. Daly, beloved ; brother of Mary A. Pinp"y,
j ' William -,H. . Daly of New York and the "late
Mrs. E. Medbury. a native of England, aged
08 years 2 months and 10 days. . . . . • \
. CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend ¦ the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 2 O'clock, from Odd Fellows'
Hall, Seventh and Market' streets, under the
auspices of Ophir Lodge No. 171,, I.' O. O. F.,
and -• Oriental Encampment .' No. .' 67. ' lnter-
.. ment I. ¦ O.' O. F.'-Cemetery. "
ORIENTAL Encampment No. .57, I. O. O. F •
Members nre requested to assemble in En-
campment Hall, I. O. O. F. building, . to-day
(Friday), at 1:15 o'clock sharp, to attend
the funeral of our late patriarch. J. r. Daly
: -• W. T.-WEBB; Actins C. P.
A. HOVEV, Rec. Scribe. „
MAEEIAGE LICENSES.
', The followlr-K marriage licenses were issued
yeuterday : ' ' '£ -¦¦¦¦¦'¦ ¦'<'¦ •.
. Charley Samuelsen, 40, 16% Harrison avenuf,
and Mary l McDonough, 22, lid Langton street.
Paul De. Los. 24, 230 ; Powell street, and
Bertha F. Wadham, 21,-- 1900 Leavenworth ¦ st.
James IrfLrkin, 33. ¦ Sacramento; and Clara
L. Fey, 32, Sacramento. : ¦ '¦. : ,
Thomas Dooner, 36, 017 Larkln street, and
"Alice Fox. 35, 1413 Polk street.
John W. WllsUn, 20. 800 Kearny street, and
Agnes T. Brennan, 20, 600 Kearny street.
. Joseph G. Cox, 33, 3316 Nineteenth street,
and Sadie E. Robinson; 27, 2711Octavia street.
Walter I. . "Bergland," ' 22. 150SH "Howard
street, and May L. McFadden, 19, 120 Green.
•Adam Gill, 27r Vallejo. and Katie W. Cur-
now, 10. 119 Fifth street. - . - . . -
• Denis A. Carroll. 24, city, and Ellen A.
O'Nell, '24,' 1626 Eddy street.
OCEAN . TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
' ; . Steamera leave Broadway
CTkJ- ' Wharf, San Francisco:
SgfSJtSij. For Ketchlkan. Juneau.
138glaai<^ - Skaguay,- etc.. Alaska — 11
¦savVhrwn ' a. m.. April 0. '11. lt>, 21.
i rff\>"3fi\51 - 2C. May 1. Change to com-
'¦ fi^^G.^^ pany's steamers at Seattle.
] KHNflU v;; ;For Victoria, Vancouver,
i f Port Townsend, Seattle. Ta-
coma. Everett, New What-
com— 11 a. m.". April 0. 11. 10. 21. 2«, May 1.
Change at Seattle to' U»I« company's steamers
for AUska and G. N. Ry.: at Seattle or Tacoma
to N. P Ry.: at Vancouver to C. P- Ry*
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay>— 1:30 p. m..
April 7, 12. 17. 22. 27. May 2._ •
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Angeles and
Redondo). -San Diego and Santa Barbara—
Spokane. Sundays, 9 a. m.; SUto of California.
Wednesdays, 9 a. m. .'¦ -*j - '; , _ _
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro), Santa Barbara, Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey, San Simeon. Cayucos. San Luis Oblspo
(via Port Harford). Ventura. Hueneme and
•Newport . ('Santa Crua only).
Coos- Bay, O-a. m.. April 12. 20. 2S. May «.
- Santa Crus, 9 a. m. (freight only), April 3.
16, 24.' • sj .''¦'' ¦ ¦•¦-• '¦' '¦¦.¦-¦ .'
For Ensenada,' Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan. AltaU. La Paz. Santa Rosa*
lla, Guaymas (Mex.) — 10 a. m., 7th each month.
For further information obtain folder.
'Right is reserved to change steamers or
sailing dates.
TTCXjBT OFFICE — * N«w Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
.GOODALL.' PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents.
- 10 Market st.. San Francsico,
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
——FOR- —
LEAVE SEATTLE. •',;-¦'..,'
SENATOR ....'. ...JUNE t
VALENCIA ....'. ..: .JUNE t
And fortnightly thereafter during the seaion.
Steamships CITY OF PUEBLA and QUEEN,
leaving San Francisco May 28 and May 3L re-
spectively, connect with above steamers. Th»
new. and elegant steamships Senator and Va-
lencia 'made regular trips to Nome last year.
landing all passengers r.nd freight without Io3s.
mishap or , delay. For passenger rates and
Nome folder, apply Ticket Office, 4 New Mont-
gomery street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS A CO.. Onl. Agents.
10 Market St.. San Francisco. .
Of? St Af. CO,
ONLY. STEAMSHIP LINE TO
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Line From Portland to All
Points East. Through Tickets to All
Points, all Rail or Steamship and Rail, at
Steamer Tickets Include Berth and Meals.
SS. COLUMBIA Sails... April 13. 23, May 3. 13
SS. GEO. W. ELDER Sails
.....April 8. 18. 2S. May -I
Steamer soils from foot of Spear St.. 11 a. m.
D. W. HITCHCOCK. Gen. Agt.. 1 Mong'y. 9. F
lj^NOME
llniwri 'sailings.
I \ &$r PORTLAND
d VA WILL SAIL FOR
NOME direct
Leaving San Francisco April 13tV
Leaving Seattle April 2Cth
(Stopping at Unalaska only long enough to coal.>
'• "For Freight and Passage Apply to
NORTHERN COMMERCIAL GO,,
- C45 Market st.. Saa Francisco.
Or EMPIRE TRANSPORTATION CO.. Pugst
Sound Agent. Seattle. Wash.
TOYO^KISEN KAiSHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
'ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo). 'Nagasaki and Shanghai and con*
nectinpr at Hongkong with steamers far India.'
etc No cargo received on board . on . day of
tailing. . • ., . ' . "
S3. HONGKONG UARU; ... •
............-....'.. .Tuesday. April 15th. 1303
ES. NIPPON MARU Friday. May Oth. 10CJ
SS. AMERICA MARU ......:/.. = -
:.; Wednesday. June 4th, 1003
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's offlc*.
421 Market street, corner First. '
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
IfrPlllllC^ ll.Cl). ZHAUIND JHO SYDNEY,
SS. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu; ,......; .
Saturday. April 10, 2 p. m.
SS SONOMA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck- ' . :• .
land and Sydney, . .Thurs., May 1, 10 a.' m.
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti... . # :.. :....... -.
i .../....-.Sunday.' May; 4, 'lO.a. m.,-
I. B. SPBICKELS k BEOS. CO.. Goural AzlS. ,329 Xiritft
Gen'lFass. macs, 643 Maita sl, Pig Ha. 7. Paciflc si
PACIFIC STEAM HAVIBATIOH GO.
And Gia Soil Americana lie Vapors?
To Valparaiso, stopping" at Mexican," Central,
and South American ports. Sailing from How.
ard '3. jrfer 10. 12 m. ' " ' . ' .
COLOMBIA ..April 11 [GUATEMALA. Apr. —.
TUCAPEL ...April 10|PALENA Maj —
' These steamers are built expressly for ,Cew
trat and . South American passenger service.
(No: change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and Dassennrr office. 310. California street
¦- BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO.. Gen. Agents.
TO HEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
Cabin $105; Steerage, |40; Meals Free. ' '
S. S. Argyll ...Sails May
S. S. Leelanaw...... :... Sails May
From Howard-»treet Wharf. Pier 10..at 2 p. m.
Freight and Passenger Otnce. 330 Market st.
F. F. ' CONNOR. Paciflc Coast Agent.
COMFAuNIZ GSNEUALS TSAHS1TLA.NTIQU3.
DU<ECT . LINE tO HAVEE-PAKIS. ' -^^ •
Sailing every Thursday. Instead of -fiBfjt^fe
Saturday, at 10 a. nu from pier 42. ,»*»»,
North River, foot at " Morton street. ' . .
First class to Havre, $70 and upward. Second,
class to Havre . $45 and upward. ' GENERAL
AGENCY FOR' UNITED STATES and CA2*-:
ADA 22 Broadway (Hudson building). Now
Y6r£ J. • F. • FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Cout .
i Agents' 5 . Montgomery avenue, San Francisco.
Tickets' told- by - all Railroad Ticket Agent*.
AMEIIICA1V IilWE.
NEW YORK. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON.
Phllad'pba.Ap.16.10 aniifct. LouIs..Ap:.o0.10 act
St Paul.;Apl. 2S. 10».m!i>hllad'pha.May7.10 anv
. ;. .XUESD ST-AJEt. LIW3O, \
NEW. YORK. ANTWERP. PARIS..*;
Pennland-.Apl.H. 3 pirlK.-rBlr.Kton.Ai..::'., noon
Vaderland.-Ap.lK. noon[Z«e1ant]...Apl. 3O, 4 noon
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
CHA3. D..TAYT.OR.G.A.P.C..S0 Montgom'y St..
BAY ANB SIVER STEAMEB3.
FoFuT^liAvrTARo- anTvallejol
- Steimers ¦ GEN.. IM5BIS or HOKTICELLO :
• 8:45 a, m'.. 3:13 and 5:30 p. m.. except Sun-
day. Sunday, tt:43 a.- m...S:30 p. m. Leaved
Vallejo » a. m.. 12:00 noon, ti p. m.. excepc
Eunday.' 6unday. 1 a. m.,' 4:15 p. m. Far* 5o
cenU. Telephone Main 150s. Landing and
office, pier 2, Mi3sioa- street dock. HATCXi
.BROS. \ .
DOUTY— In this city, April 10,^ 1902,- Annis
Bishop, wife of: the late Frank S. Douty. r .
' ' Cy Funeral services to-day '(Friday), at 11
o'clock, at the chapel of Odd Fellows' Ceme-
¦¦ tery.- : /.¦..-¦ - :-> -;.;.¦;/ .-.:.;•
DRUSEDOM— In i this - city. . April 10. 1002, •
Marguerite, beloved -dauEhter. of Walter G.
• and, Henrietta Drusedom, , a native .of San
Francisco,: aged 2 months, and 24 days. . . "
DUIGNAN— In this city, April 10, 1902, at his
214 Way land straet, off San Bruno
avenue,' Thomas J..' husband of the late- Dora
J.' Dulgnan, - brother - of "'Michael and* John
Dulgnan. • and -> father of Dorothy, - Francis.
¦ -Joseph} and Winifred Dulgnan, > a native 0/
County Leltrlm, Ireland," aged. 45 years. ,.
9 C7 Notice ;of j funeral I hereafter.
ECKSTEIN— In this city, April 9, '1902, at her
rtBidence. 31S4 Twenty-third street. Mary
., E.; .beloved wife of ~C." W. Eckstein, r anJ
. mother of C. and • Eva Eckstein, a native of
Salem, • Ohio," aged '51 : years ' 10 months and
9 days. IJDjL. 1 «'UWIJ^^^jaiJI!!lll<»WPW T t'iTr
tC?*Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully - Invited - to -attend : the - funeral Friday.
: at 11 o'clock. , from the . funeral Darlora .' of
¦ Porter. & White, 122 Eddy street. ' i Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery. \ •, : '.-
FUCHIKAWA— In the City" and : County . Hos-
; pi tal, April 10, ; 1902, Masaku Fuchlkawa, a
native of Japan, < aged 31. years. : r
GUPTILL-^-In this city, April. 9, 1002, Willard
. W. • Guptill, late a member. of Illinois Town
Lodge No. 51, F. and A. M.", of Colfax, Cal.,
• a native of New York. ¦ : ,. :
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
. fully •. invited - to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock.' from the Mission Ma-
sonic Temple, ; 26C8 Mission : street, - between
¦ Twenty-second -'. and Twenty-third, under . the
auspices of Mission Lodge No. 169, F. and
A. M. .' Interment private. Remains at the
funeral parlors of Bunker. & Lunt.2666 Mis-
sion-street. ( '•¦¦¦ '- -¦ : ¦-.'.- " -•• • ¦
HENRIKSON— In $. Oakland, April 10, 1902,
George, . beloved son of ' Iver ¦ and Mary Hen-
rlkson, and brother of Irene, Grace, . Mabel,
Elsie ¦ and Henry ,'Henrikson. • a native of
Lltchfleld, Nebr.; aged 1 year 11 months and
•¦ . 23 ¦' days. ¦ . j- ¦• ;. . . ¦• -*¦ ":'¦ , '.:¦: ¦'
CFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully ' invited to attend the funeral services
Saturday, April 12. 1902, at 3 o'clock, at the
home of his parents. 358 Seventh street, j Oak*
land, interment Mountain View l Cemetery,
Oakland, Cal. . <
HUB— In this city. April ." 10. 1902. Merlam
Hub, beloved wife of Peter Hub, a native of
Philadelphia," Pa.,: aged 73 years 9 months
. arid 16 : days. " : . . . • : .-•'-¦ - ;
E7"Frlends . and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Charles H.J. Truman & Co., 1009
Mission street, between Fifteenth and Six-
teenth. Remains can, be: viewed at her late
residence, 1.137 Natoma street, between Four-
teenth and Fifteenth, until 1 o'clock Satur-
' day. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery,' by
carriare. • :, . '.¦ '¦ _ •¦' '¦¦-' ' : .." •" '
JANSEN— In this city, '. April 10, 1902, Thomas
. Nicholas, beloved son .of Christian T. and
Nlcoline W. Janscn, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 9 years: 1 month and 10 days.;
KENNEDY — In NaDa Soda Springs, April 9,
: 1902, Benj. L.', beloved husband : of Bertha
Kennedy,* rather of Grant, Verda and Norm*
Kennedy, and. brother of Rev. Allen, Alfred
. J. and F. 1 . Marion -Kennedy,: a native of Ar-
kansas.': aged 29 years.', _. . ' /. '.
LACY— In San Leandro. April 10. 1902. Harry,
husband of Charlotte Lacy,' a' native of Eng-
• land, aged CO years... . • . , . •¦
' "' -, (CXNotice of funeral hereafter. '• ¦'.:'. ¦ : -.
LONDON— In ; the City ; and ' County 5 Hospital,
April . 10. 1902, • James London,, a native of
' New York, aged 43 years. \. • ,
McCONVILLE— In Point Richmond. ADril 8,
l'J02, David P., dearly beloved son of the' late
..Patrick and Catherine McConvllle. and
' brother of John J. and Henry P. McConvllle.
a native of San Francisco, aged 36 years 1
. month and '21 days. "¦
(C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), af 1 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Valente. Marini & Co..' 1524 Stock-
ton street," between Union and J3reen. j Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery. -
McMAHON— In this city. April 10. 1902. Au-
gustus J., beloved husband of Helena M.
McMahon, and father of Augustus M. Mc-
Mahon, ' a native . of Brooklyn, N. Y., aged
5-1 years. . ' . • .
• EXRemalns at the parlors of the Henry J.
¦ Gallagher Undertaking Company, Fifth
• street.
MURPHY— In this ' city, April 9, 1002, Wil-
liam, . dearly beloved husband of Johanna
Murphy, " loving father of Catherine. Josie,'
Margaret. James, - William and Daniel -Mur-
phy, and beloved brother of John and Mar-
garet Murphy; a native of County .'Kilkenny.
Ireland, : -aged 50 years 11 months and 21
days. . -. ' .-: ' . ;•'- ¦ - • ¦ - -.
' (C7Friend8 and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence,. 1516 Sanchez street, thence to "St.
Paul's Church, where a solemn requiem high
- mass will be celebrated for the repose. of his
soul.-- Interment Holy -Cross Cemetery. ¦ . .
NEAME— In Oakland/April 10. 1902, Charles
Neame, a native of Alameda, Cal., aged 22
years 1 month- and 6 days.
(CTFrienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Saturday. April 12, 1902, at 1 o'clock, at the
First Presbyterian Church, corner Central
avenue an4 . Park ; street.. Alameda- £2 Inter-
ment Mountain View Cemetery.
PARISH — In North Lawrence. N.-Y.,: April 6.
1902. Charles L., dearly beloved father of Dr.
, Harry L. Parish of Caltstoga and Mrs. Ed-
mund A. Wat kins of San Leandro. a native
of Canada, aged 75 years 10 months and 24
¦ days. ¦-¦,-¦•..¦• „ ¦ •• ¦ ' , ¦¦ : .. • ¦
(E^Notlce of funeral hereafter. . •
RETTIG— In Alameda. April 9. 1902. Conrad
Rettig. 1 beloved husband of Sophia Rettig,
and father of Mrs. L. B. Kelrneyer, a native
of Baden, Germany, aged 53 years 3 months
'. and- 15 days. '¦_ ¦"
CSTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to ' attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from • HolU . Hall,
Webster street, under the auspices of i the
Red Men. .. ' .
ROSENCRANTZ— In this city. April 9. 1902.
Rossie Rosencrantz. dearly beloved wife of
- Louis Roaencrantz. . and - beloved mother of
Mis. M. A. Goldman of Seattle. and Samuel
Rosencrantz of San Francisco, and sister of
Minnie Selbreich, a native of Stateen, Pru*-
- sla, aged 54 years 4 months and 15 days.
. (E7Frlend8 and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 10:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 252 Fourth street, between How-
ard and Folsom. ; Interment Hills ¦ of Eter-
nity Cemetery • by . 11 :30 o'clock , train* from
Third and Townsend streets: .>
SCHADE— In this city, April 8, 1902, Infant
daughter of Edward H. and Ida Schade,
azed 2 days. ../.,..
STANFORD— In this city, April 10. 1902. My-
ron E., beloved husband of Eugenia B. Stan-
ford,' and eldest son of Helen C. and the late
'.Charles P. -Stanford, a' native, of California,
. aged -46 years.-. ~
, ([7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to' attend the funeral sjrvices
Saturday, April 12,; 1902, at 1:30 o*clock,.at
St. '. Paul's , Episcopal Church; California.
, street, near Steiner. . Interment private.
SWAIN— In this city, A^ril 10. 1902, Edward
Robinson Swain, brother of Frank A. and
.Charles W. Swain, a. native of. New- York,
i ared 50 years.
E7"NotIce of funeral -hereafter.
WOOLLEY— In Oakland. Anril 9. 1902, Ben-
jamin F.. beloved. husband or Louise . Wool-
ley, and father of Charlotte. Frank, : Walter
and Zella Woolley, a native . of . California,
aged 42 years 10 months, and 0 days. A
member of Colfax Lodge No.. 132. -I/O. O. F.
WEYTHROFF— In Oakland. Anril. 8, .1902
Charles Meyn Weythroff, dearly beloved son
of- Mrs. Dora Weythroft, stepson pf John H.
WeythrolT, and 'dearly beloved " hrot^er of
Arthur Meyn Weythroft and Mrs.' E.-C. Bal-
lard. a native of San Francisco, . ared 20
,. yea^s and 17-- days.;'. '.,', ¦ "•
CT'Friends. and acquaintances are respect-
• fully invited . to attend the funeral ¦ Friday
Arrir 11, at 2 o'clock,"!, from his late resi-
. dence 6C3 Grove, street. Interment Moun-
- tain View Cemetery." Oakland.-.'v.- . ;. ¦ , ... T
WRIGHT— In Alameda. April J),' 1902" ElUha
B. Wrlarht. v beloved - husband of Cecilia
Wrlcht,>and father of Mrs. Ella Garslde a
; native of . Massachusetts, aged 5S years. ¦; w
' (r^Frlends^and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attMul the funeral Saturday.
April'. 12." at 1:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence 911 Paru street. . Interment Mountain
, View.' Cemetery. '. ¦ . - .
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
BA D tenants ejected j for • $4 ; ' collections I made ;
. City or country. .PACIFIC . COLLECTION
: CO.. 415 Montgomery. ; rooms 0-10 ; . tel. • 55S0.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
AT.T. kinds' bought, sold, rented, ex.. repairing;
- lowest rates; phone Howard 3264..- 145 Sixth.
SBWIXG MACHlXES^ANDjSUPPLIES.
ALL"' kinds bought,' sold,' rented, exchanged; re-
pairing: lowest rates. Telf Green 144. 205 4th.
BARGAINS! BARGAINS!
BARGAINS!
$1200 buys a good cottage, 4 rooms ' and
bath: lot 50x150; a snap.
$2500 buys S-room house; lot 35x150; a bar-
gain. . . .
See the ALAMEDA LAND CO.;.
. - 1500 Park st., Alameda. .
Homes built, rented and exchanged.
'alameda real estate.What became of Mrs. Miller and her
daughter is a puzzling question. -The
theory that they became lost in the Ingle
side hills and forests has been advanced.
A strong suspicion thst' foul play is re
sponsible for their absence from their
firesides seems plausible and is strength-
age, left their homes Tuesday
afternoon to ride in the direction of Ingle
side. It is known that they visited Troca
dero, but at that point all account of them
has been lost. Their disappearance was
reported to the police and Morgue au
thorities and since then detectives have
been attempting to unravel what threat
ens to become a sensational mystery. ¦
nRS EVA MILLER and her
daughter, Mrs. Adaline Schae
fer, who is the wife of O. H.
Schaefer and but 18 years of
PARSONS, Kahs.. April 10.— At the annual
meeting v of the Missouri, Kansas and Texas
Railway here to-day the board of directors was
re-elected and in turn re-elected the old of
ficers for the ensuing year.
I • The Golden City Minstrels will . give an
entertainment to-night under the auspices
of Young Ladies* Institutes Nos. 1, 2 and
3 at Odd Fellows' Hall. The young ladies
have been working energetically for some
time past and have left nothing undone
j to make the affair a success. - The follow
ing have charge of the_ affair: Mary
: Burke. Belle'Boyle, Annie E. Nyhan, Mar
earet Peacock, May * Curley. Mrs. Wel
shons. Mrs. Hayes, Mrs. McGuire, Emma
Burke and Fanny Douglass.
Golden City Minstrels.
¦ WASHINGTON, April 10.— Rear Admiral
Norman H. Farquhar will be retired to-mor
row. - His retirement promotes Captains Joseph
B. Coghlan and '< James H. Sands . to , be rear
admirals. ...,».- ...-—'.',. [-.'¦¦¦:,-
MBf.ftIn j Oates ¦ was , booked at the City
Prison yesterday on charges ; of burglary
and tllltapplng. . He Is accused of enter-
Ing . the . store of Mrs. Mary Kennedy, on
Second street, and ; rifling the till of its
contents, while his confederate kept Mrs.
Kennedy in conversations r Mrs. Kennedy
positively identified Oates in the prison.
He and another, man not yet caught are
supposed to be the two who have tricked
a number of storekeepers recently in the
sameway.. -...-,. .
Alleged "¦ Bobber Is Arrested.
¦ " "It may be that while - walking back
from Trocadero- to the : car at Ingleside
she missed her way and was overcome by
one of those spells. Night may have over
taken.them and both may have wandered
about' through • the- hills, unconscious of
where i they . were..-- Between the two they
had • $2S • in coin and my . sister wore a
large 'band . wedding ring and a gold
watch and chain. I fear they may have
been -murdered by some villains who
rr.lght - have . discovered them roaming
about, after having .robbed them of what
they possessed." ¦ ¦ " . '¦ ¦
Schaefer :1s 'in the same excited frame
of mind,- but can say no more than his
sister-in-law. He will renew his search
with ¦ the assistance of the detectives to
day. , •¦ : T ¦ ¦-..¦•¦
When last seen Mrs. Miller wore a navy
blue skirt, a light brown coat; extending
oi;ly to the waist: a light felt dude hat,
banded with black ribbon, and a black
veil. Mrs. .Schaefer was , attired in a
black tailor-made suit and a white straw
hat. . -. '¦;,¦¦¦ .<..• v. ¦¦!>.¦¦¦; . - • > ¦¦¦;¦;;
Fear They Met. Robbers.
When v seen at her home last evening,
•Miss Miller was . grief stricken over the
disappearance. \ She could -not give the
slightest clew as to where her; relatives
were or -might possibly be. She empha
sized her belief that- they had met some
evil fate. ¦."• , ¦ • ; ' ' ' '.
"My mother was ill," she said, "and I
advised her not to go to work on Tues
day. When I pleaded with her she con
sented- to remain at home, but said a car
'ride would do * her good if she' started
early in the afternoon. -She Is subject. to
attacks of heart • prostration and suffered
much from a cold that had settled on her
lungs. . ; ' • . ."
women was 'lost...; Schaefer and Miss Mil
ler, disheartened ftnd worried, drove back
to town and discussed the advisability of
requesting police assistance. Earlv In the
evening they called at the Hall of Justice
and . the Morgue, where I they related • the
story of the disappearance and their fu
tile search. Detectives Bailey and Rlor
dan . took charge of the case, but there is
little that either of: the officers ran ac
complish until .to-day. -
YOUNG WOMAN WHO, WITH \
HER MOTHER, HAS MTSTE
RIOUSLY DISAPPEARED. ' \ . ¦
- , -..¦ _ _ ¦ m ¦ i ... '
; Adains'.': Hair. Restorer ; promotes - growth/ re- I
.stores color and beauty to thin gray. hair. .' 60c* I
'A deed .was ' filed } in ' the ' Recorder's i of
fice'.yesterday; in 1 which rA. :H.' Payson'
transfers to the Santa Fe Land Improve-j
mentr Company i all' property • in the Po
treroi held in trust, by him; for 'the Santa
Ke Railway ; Company.' " Another deed filed
covers c the I transfer of •¦ the ; old Cosmos
Club; property, 1- on '• Powell near
Geary street," by Daniel L. Randolph and
wife ¦ to? Charles ; Templeton Crocker and
¦Jennie .Adeline" Crocker'. for- a* considera
tion* of $220,000/ ; ...'.; . . ¦; -¦;-:
Big: Deeds Filed; for /Becofd.
-The. results -will "'be announced in three
weeks.- Those who took the examination
'I ~ . ,,;.->'; ... ';¦'¦"> J _ ¦ , ;¦
James "• Herod ¦ Anderson, . John C. ¦ Ayero,"
RlchardiBidwell, 1 Joseph. James Burnett, Henry
H. Colby. . Michael Joseph Conboy, Clarence
Coogan, .» James Thomas : Donovan, .¦: Thomas
Samuel Duke. - John Duncan,' Thomas ; Patrick
Ellis, • Henry Gleeson, . John : .. Thomas ¦¦' Green,
James ' Harker Helms, James Kelly, -Patrick
Ambrose Mahoney, ¦ Bernard -' McManus, Frank
Henry : Norman,' : Lionel " L Shaw, Patrick Shea,
Patrick' J. ; Tobin. Reuben A. Wolf, Herbert
James Wright. - ; , v -:.< ¦; , ; ,
Twenty-three out of the forty-five ser^
geants .; employed in the Police Depart
ment - participated ' in : an examination ) for
promotion to j the ' position \6t ' lieutenant
which was held /yesterday in the City
Hall by; the Civil Service Commission.
The sergeants labored . from early morn
ing- until dusk in an endeavor to answer
correctly the ' questions which related to
three subjects— general knowledge of du
ties,\writlng.of reports and: arithmetic ' .';
i Among ¦ the • questions on the first sub- ,
ject were: ."."What is the law regarding
inhumanity to. prisoners?".. "How would
you treat a person, suffering from gas
asphyxiation or -• ; asphyxiation from;
drowning?" • ."State in full what' constl
tutes.rlot"; "What authority must you
have to make ran" arrest for misdemeanor,
uponf a warrant, at night?" and others.
Questions were asked, regarding the coin-'?
mands to '"be- given when, policemen ;are-
on parade.' 1 - One : question ; In arithmetic
which "the sergeants found easy, to an
swer was: a "If it: takes you ; one minute
and ; threerquarters . to walk a block -how,
longrwlll it take you ; to walk seventeen'
blocks?". - . - ¦" '. ¦'..'• V
Twenty-Three Would-Be Lieutenants
Answer Questions ! Propounded
by Civil Service Board. ; .
POLICE SERGE ANT S TAKE
" TEST FOB PROMOTIONS
* "At," this place all trail- of , the missing
At- Ingleside it was learned * that itwo
women answering ¦ the : '•. descriptions v of
Mrs. Miller and her -daughter, had alighted
from a car about 3o'clock and'contlnued
onfoot in the direction of Trocadero. .'At
Trocadero . some I of ¦ the attendants ' stated
that the women had remained until about
6 o'clock, ; then .-".;• started ¦; to * leave ~. the
grounds. * While at the resort Mrs. Schae
fer. amused herself by, riding, a> pony, and
from this ; she ..was remembered. . ,-; ' 1 ,: . .-;
} As the evening grew^a' sense of • uneasi
ness came . over., the * clerk • and i his 4 sister
in-law. -Inquiry made in the neighborhood
developed nothing and no , word. .whatever,
was received from either, of the 'missing
women. Finally it was decided .that some
thing had delayed their return. home and
that they , had stopped ; - at the residence
of some friend over ¦ night \* But; the folr
lowing morning brought no word and' un-"
til noon nothing; had developed that would
give any clew as to what, had .happened
to them. - Friends were conferred •; with,
but no information was" gleaned and . In
the afternoon Schaefer, .¦ accompanied; by.
Mies Miller, drove to Ingleside.
Miss Mabel .' Miller, came • home '¦ about: 4
o'clock' in,- the afternoon and not; finding
her • mother, went ¦ to her sister's ! residence."
She found the doorllocked and. thinking
the 1 - ladies "bad" gone for -the car- ride her
mother mentioned- walked .back' on- Mis
sion I street , and .waited .until." two hours
later. | At that time she jwent back to ; her
married sister's home;,where she met' the
latter's' 1 husband .'and together '.they 'dis
cussed .the 'Vigil they -were, keeplug.' •
Seen at Ingleside and Trocadero.
¦ Shortly before the noon! hour 'Mrs., Mil
ler ..went- to .the residence- of : her other
daughter, Mrs. . Schaefer, '- at 1133 . Mission
street,' and was there when Schaefer,; who
is employed as a clerk by H. C.Melsel,"
a grocer, at 114 Eighth- street,; came home
to j lunch. ¦ During/ the repast " the subject
of i the \ car JJ ride -was mentioned, ¦ but, k as
before,- it was dropped without any .dis
cussion. ... fichaefer returned to his work
about 1; o'clock | and .that was' the • last
time he, saw. his wife or her mother:- Ac
cording-to an' Italian, bootblack the. two
women passed from the house about 2
o'clock, and boarded* a .Mission street car
at the corner of 'Ninth street.
Where the mother and . daughter are or
whatrhas been" their fate.are Queries left
to the police for solution. As soon as
Captain Seymour received ¦ the .report he
immediately detailed Detectives jBailey
and Rlordan on the case, but their inves
tigations until an early hour this, morn-
Ing led to naught. ' «- , • \
: Mrs.- Miller, residing with her daughter,
Miss Mabel, at 845 Mission- street, . had
been : ill ; for ; several days and v on t last
Saturday was forced to temporarily, aban
don • • her ' employment on Eighth ; street-
She ' remained around : her home and on
last Tuesday morning expressed ' a desire
to return to work, but was opposed by her
daughter and cautioned* to rest until she
became strong. again. Mrs. Miller replied
. that she would do so and shortly before
8 o'clock , Miss ' Mabel 'went ¦ to : her | own
work, leaving ' her mother alone. ' Before
Mabel left, .Mrs. Miller -said she would
probably take a car ride during the after
noon, but the conversation on the subject
was not prolonged. •' .•¦¦.:. - , •
Talked of Taking Car Bide.
• . ' ¦ - . . ¦".'..•
ened by j the » knowledge that the .women
had more than . an ordinary ; amount of
money in their purses and -some 'jewelry
when they started out .on "; the journey.
According to". Miss Mabel -Miller, daugh
ter i and' sister • to ! ; the 'lost' ones,' .. and
Schaefer, there were no domestic troubles
to cause their disappearance. Mrs. Schae
fer was happy in- her new-found, home
and Mrs. Miller never intimated that she
was unhappy with her lot in life.,.:- ¦/, K .
. Stenography and typewriting, of the high
school grade — Miss i Maud . Elene . Hultberg-
Smlth. .
Instruction for the deaf and I dumb, high
school , grade— Almon i N. : Holden,'. Miss Zerene.
Klrkpatrick. :;
Free-hand drawing, of the high school grade
— Miss Amy Bronson Dewing.
'. Naval architecture drawing, of the high
school grade — Vicente Legarda. .
Physical culture, of the high school grade —
Robert H. Barth. .-" ;
Cookery, of the grammar school grade— Miss
Louise ' Bartlett. . ' . •¦
' Grammar school certificates — Miss Harriett
M. Burnett. Miss Ann Evans, Shirley C.
Walker Miss Alice Reder, Miss Vlda
Mae Vervalin, ; Mrs. Beatrice P. Wllmans,' Miss
"Williette B. Ross. \ <
Special' certificates: "Music, .of the grammar
grade— Miss Stella L. Eaton, Miss Martha H.
Poppe, Miss Belle M. Stanford, Miss Bertha
Roberts, Miss Lillian M. Simpson, Mrs. Angle
McManus. . ¦ » . • • ¦¦
The Board of Education met yesterday
and set dates for the trial of three peda
gogues against whom charges of a more
or.less grave nature have been filed. The
date on which to try . Principal ?M. E.
Blanchard of the Hancock Grammar
School on the findings of Superintendent
Webster that Blanchard is guilty of un
professional : conduct was fixed for, April
25, at 9 a. m. Miss* Mary McKinney,
against whom charges of lncompetency
have been filed by Principal Lyser of the
John Swett School, will answer them on
April 21,. at 9 a.,m. Professor William
Zimmerman, who is charged by Principal
Bush of the Polytechnic High School with
a lack of discipline, will have a hearing
on April 18, at 9 a. m.
The City Board 'of Examination filed
recommendations' for the issuance of
teachers', certificates, as a result of the
recent examination held for the purpose,
as follow*.: ' ¦ . ' ! . '¦
cipal Blanchard, Miss McKin
ney and W. Zimmerman.
Board of Education Will Hear Prin-
SETS DATES FOB TRIALS §
¦ OF ACCUSED TEACHERS
Permit me, sir. In . addition, to express my
profound appreciation of the confidence you
have ' manifested in me personally, and believe
me most sincerely yours, ¦
. . E. E. SCHMITZ. Mayor.
I shall be pleased indeed . to co-operate with
the Board of Supervisors of San Francisco,
and with the trustees of the Free Public Li
brary, as to details of disposition of your most
liberal gift, -and shall consider it a pleasant
duty and privilege, also, to consult your own
personal viewai and preferences in this con
nection. » v ~ ¦ '
.Andrew B. McCreery presented a check
for ' 525,000 :.to7 Mayor Schmitz \ yesterday
to be. handed t^ the Public Library Trus
tees for the purpose of erecting a branch
library building on a site to be selected
"arid supplied by the city. It is probable
that the site : w!ll be that on Sixteenth
street, near Sanchez, which Is under pro
cess of being transferred from the School
Department to the Library Trustees. -«
\The donation by A. B. McCreery was
made through the efforts of Joseph O'Con
nor, a Public Library Trustee and prin
cipal of ' the Mission Grammar School. A
personal communication regarding the of-^
fer' was handed by Mr. - McCreery's pri
vate secretary to Mayor Schmitz while
the latter was in court listening to the
argument in the Health Board injunction
case. .¦-'.-¦ . : . : ¦ ' . - • - ','¦' '¦¦'¦
.The following letter was also received
by the Mayor from Mr. McCreery:
Urges More Branch Libraries.
1 SAN FRANCISCO. April 10. • 1001!. '
Hon. E. E. Sehmitz, Mayor of^City ana
County of San Frnncisco^Dear Sir: In view
of the fact that San Francisco is Boon to hare
a free library building, and believing that tne
usefulness of that institution will be greatly
enhanced- by the establishment of additional
branch libraries, thus bringing the benefits to
be derived more closely home to the masses of
the people,' I have to-day deposited my chcclf
for $25,000. payable to your order, I with the
Mercantile Trust Company of San Francisco
for the purpose of establishing a branch of the
Free- Public Library of San, Francisco In such
a locality, at such time, and in such manner
as you. the Board of Supervisors and the Board
of Library Trustees in your best judgment may
determine. . . '• ¦/
I make this gift unconditionally, having from
your course to this date confidence .. that the
sum- thus offered will be employed solely in
accordance with the right, and to the- best ad
vantage of the citlzens.of San Francisco. Very
respectfully yours,
A. B. McCREERT.
'P.' S.— Personally I am in favor of the Lin
coln School as the site for the new Free Public
Library bunding. . . A. B. McCREERY.
The Mayor wrote the following reply:
Mayor Expresses Thanks for Gift.
*¦".:' Executive Department. Mayor's Office.
— V April 10. 1002.
Andrew B. ' McCreery Esq., 310" Pine street,
city — Dear Sir: I have the honor to acknowl
edge receipt of your esteemed favor of the 10th
Jnst. announcing' that you have deposited with
the Mercantile Trust ¦ Company of San Fran
cisco your check for • twenty-five thousand
f$25.0C0) : dollars, payable to my , order, to be
used for the establishment of a branch library
in this city. -
On -behalf of the people of San Francisco I
thank you for this exhibition of munificent pub
lic spirit, and I assure you that they will ac
cept* your generous donation with the ¦ feeling*
of -kindly sentiment and with warmest appre
ciation. ,
¦Gifts of this character from citizens of your
standing go far to make us realize the actual
brotherhood of man.
Believes Additional Branch
; 'Institutions Are Ad
; : . ; v visable. y
AndrewMcCreery Sends
: Big Check to Mayor
; : - ; for Purpose!
DONATES CASH
FOR A LIBRARY
STRANGE DISAPPEARANCE OF MOTHER
AND DAUGHTER PUZZLES POLICE
BLAKEMAN SAYS
HE WORKED HARD
14
Testifies That His Fee
Way Approved by
the Court.
Mrs. Eva Miller and Mrs. Adaline Schaefer, the Last; Named Newly
in the Forests arid Hills That Cover t the Ingleside District
Wed and But 18; May Have Perished or Met With Foul Play
Story of the Litigation of the
Bell Estate Told by
Attorney.
Attorney T. Z. Blakeman occupied the
¦witness stand throughout the entire day
in the hearing of the creditors* contest of
the account of the special administratrix
of the Bell estate, which was resumed in
Judge Coffey's court yesterday. Blake
man testified at length concerning the
legal services performed by him. in be
half of the estate and tor which he was
allowed $3000. , .
Blakeman said the sum was not paid to
him until his claim had been scrutinized
by Judge Coffey. The court allowed the
fee with the mutual understanding that it
was subject to contest by the creditors the
eame as any other Item of expenditure
might be. Tfte point made was a valuable
one for the administratrix and for Blake
man JUmself, inasmuch as it showed that
the fee was not considered excessive by
the court and that Blakeman. was entitled
to charge that sum.
In the course of his examination by At
torney Galvin, Blakeman told of the vast
litigation in which the estate was in
volved and which occupied his attention
for two years. He related the circum
stances of the removal of George Staacke
as executor on the ground of fraud.
Staacke sought to compromise a claim
against the Kobinson estate for $2500. but
Blakeinan forced the estate into liquida
tion and secured over $40,000 for the credi
tors of the Bell estate. ;
The various items of expenditures which
were the subject of contest by the creditors
were explained in detail by Blakeman. The
payment of $1000 to Baldwin, a real estate
man. which was included in the contested
items, was explained by Blakeman as
having been paid out of the Robinson
estate money for securing a purchaser of
the property at the amount bid for it by
one Peters, who had bid in the property
with Blakeman's consent in order to save
It from being knocked down at the value
of the mortgage.
In speaking of the litigation with Miss
f Louisa J. Thompson for the annulment
of a deed to the Laguna ranch on the
prounds of collusion between Staacke and
Miss Thompson. Blakeman said that
Attorneys Drown, Leicester & Drown,
counsel for the Bell creditor?, are also
counsel for . Miss Thompson. The ranch
is claimed to be worth $134,000, but it was
knocked down to Miss Thompson with
Staacke's assistance for SSS.OOO, the
amount of the mortgage and accrued in
terest.
The cross-examination of Blakeman
was begun, but little of interest was ad
duced before adjournment of court. The
matter will go on again next Monday
morning.
COURTNEY INDICTED FOR \
MURDER IN NEW YORK
He Will Be First Tried Here for the
Killing of Policeman Robin
son.
Captain Seymour received a dispatch
yesterday from Captain Titus of New
Tork stating that James Courtney, alias
"Leadville Jimmie." had been indicted
there for murder in the first degree and
that a bench warrant would be mailed at
once. The dispatch ..concluded, "Hold
him for us. Wire if we can have him."
A reply was sent that Courtney would
have to stand his trial here first for the
murder of Policeman Eugene Robinson
last January. The arrival of Frank
Kauffman, alias "St. Louis Frank," in a
few days will be followed by the prose
cution of the five men for Robinson's
murder.
The crime for which Courtney has been
indicted in New York was the murder of
Clara Engelhart at her residence, 73 De
laney 6treet. in that city on October S.
last.
For Booklovers.
"O for a Booke, and a Shadi© Nooke,"
wrote the old-time Poet. Both of these
are found on the Overland Limited.' Th<*
Library is a Branch of the "Booklovers*
Library," members of which can ex
change books exactly as they do at any
of the Stationary Branches, taking one
book onto the train, leaving it there when
read and taking another with them at
their journey's end.
Secure descriptive booklet at Southern
Pacific Information Bureau, 613 Market
Etreet.
SUES GAS COMPANY.— John P. Gallagher
proprietor of the Hotel Langh&m filed a suit
for $10,000 damages yesterday against the
Equitable Gas Light Company. He alleges
that th<5 defendant corporation caused him ir
reparable injury by cutting off the supply of
gas at the Lar.gham without any reason there
tor.
Sutro Estate Hoses Suit.
D. I* Farosworth and Bdgar C. Hum
phrey, assignees of J. J. Haley, were
given judgment for $3000 against the es
tate of Adolph Sutro yesterday by the
Supreme Court. Haley and Farns worth
did work for Sutro for which they were
to be paid 53000. "When they came to col
lect their pay Haley was insolvent and
Humphrey acted as his assignee. Pay
ment was refused, arid when the suit was
instituted it was claimed by the defend
ant that the complaint failed to show
that Humphrey was an interested party
American pine when green weighs for
ty-four pounds twelve ounces to the cubic
f cot. When seasoned its weight is re
duced to thirty pounds eleven ounces.
¦¦¦,¦¦:¦':.'¦ • • ¦ • ' -.-:.¦¦¦ • ¦ ¦¦.¦¦.,¦¦-¦
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 11, 1902.
••••••••^•••••••••••ee
I lA/Hen §
8 Fannie Bloomfield S
IZEISLERi
0 Comes ©
8 She Will Play the 8
I PIANO. I
1 SHERMAN, CLAYS CO., I
o Stein way Dealers, •
5 . Corner Keamy ¦ and , Sutter. streets, San ' ; ?
2'.' 1 -" *'¦'•' .Francisco.': ¦ v '¦' •
5 ¦ ' Comer ' Broadway and ' Thirteenth ' sts.; ®
• ; . Oakland. . . " :•
_ , ;J ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Corner Sutter St amTfirant Ave., San Francisco
WE ANNOUNCE FOR
FRIDAY, APRIL 11,
Comprising the season's choicest merchandise
, culled from our many departments. Notwith-
stan ding that many of the items usually sell at
$ JO, $7.50 and $6.00, we offer them, irrespec-
tive of former prices, at
The real excellence of the D. Samuels Lace House mer-
chandise must at once appeal to all discriminating
purchasers.
REAL OSTRICH FEATHER EMBROIDERED FLOUNCING
BOAS. 45 inches long; Black. Gray FOR SKIRTING— 23 Inches wide;
...........;.. $5.0O In fine quality Swiss and Nainsook;
£I5lES' TAIfcOR-TVEADE JACK- Si?^?^^S3S3SKS
ETS. made of English Covert
Cloth; In Tan, Black; each.. $5.00 WHITE DIMITY— 24 yards to a
SII/K WAISTS. PEAT7 DE SOIE. derwear^or 1 chlld^-'en^ dreLes!
TAFFETAu TUSSAH; In Black piece ...-85.00
or White: sizes, 38 to 42, at, each.. —
* • S5.00 KLACK TAFFETA SILK-An ex-
COLONIAL FICHUS, trimmed sktrts^ntoi vards for?f..T.«5fo'o
with real Cluny lace; each..$5.OO
-. 5 aaac.A»..?.yj..».^ B^^°^^^^
BLACK SILK MOREEN PETTI- BLACK SATIN DUCHESS— All
COATS, with accordeon-plalted S n k; nne quaUty; ten vaxds for.,
silk flounce; each.. -$5.OO „.. §5.00
BATISTE^ FRENCH GOWNS— REAL APPLIQUE LACE. S%
Hand-made; fine quality material; inches wide; 4}fe yards for...$5.OO
each '. $o.Ot> —*—^^— — — — — — — — —^— — .
ipERDOWN, S?S5 T wlde;^?ifd Q S Y6?
Made of Ripple Wool; extra flue - . gtn fHl
quality; cord and tassel; each . w*w
A ..:............u...... S5.00 RE AT, LACE SCARFS— In Point
'CHINA SILK .VESTS for Ladies. SKS^-SSSS^iSSSSSS
-with handsome crochet yokes and , v~»v *
shoulders, in Light Blue, Pink. INDIA CHANTTLI.Y~' 32ACE
Black, at, each S«">.O(» SCARFS AND FICHUS— Large
SPUN SILK HOSIERY for La- worth UP and at..S5.OO
dies; in shades of Black, Pink, REAL OSTRICH PLUME FANS.
Light Blue, etc: four pairs for.... with tortoise shell sticks; assorted
1 .;.... .....: $5.00 colors; each ........$5.00
LADIES' LACE LISLE HO- ARABIAN LACE CURTAINS-^
SIERY— -A- magnificent assortment Excellent value, at, per pr.$5.00
of Datterns; one- dozen pairs for.. ¦
:...:....?..... $5.OO DRESS GOODS FOR SPRING
¦ WEAR— Tamlse Cloth: very fine
FRENCH MARSEILLES^ BED- quality; all new shades; sufficient
SPREADS— Full size and choice for a gown; 6 yards for S5.OO
patterns; 3 for ..$5.00 a , ¦ —
. — — BATISTE— All wool; excellent ma-
GERMAN HUCK TOWELS. terial: light weight; in all colora;
HEMSTITCHED — Size. 23x42: 7 yards, ample for a gown, for......
both plain and fancy borders^ per $5.OQ
, d0Zen IMPORTED CKALLIES-Plain
LADIES' KID GLOVES— In Glace colors and fancr figures; all wool;
and Suede: all the latest spring 23 Inches wide; for a house crown*
shades; six pairs for........ $5.01) 10 yards for 85.00
f , Friday and Saturday
SKoe Specials
Low shoes or Oxfords are the proper caper this
season. As we offer only seasonable footwear at our
two-day special sales we have this week selected Ox-
-fords ';for;men, : women; boys and girls. The. prices are
reduced for Friday and Saturday only. We know that
the goods are the best. of their kind, that the shapes
and' colors are right and that ihe prices are lower than
anywhere else considering the good quality of the •
Ladles' • fine kid Oxfords, either Men's velcmr (soft) calf Oxfords, '
; patent leather or kid tips, extended Goodyear welt, extended soles, an •
((Goodyear welt soles, correct toe; up-to-date, .becoming shoe; Friday
{Friday and Saturday only.. 82.15 and Saturday only .-..$2.S5 ''•
Ladies' patent leather Oxfords, Men's tan calf Blucher Oxfords,
light hand-turned, or . Goodyear real high-toned style for particular
welt soles; Friday and Saturday dressers; Friday • and Saturday
only :.w. ......83.10 only • —.• -.83.15
Children's and misses' 'tan . calf , T? uth ?' "? ' to °y s ' *<« calf Ox-
Oxfords, broad orthopedic toes, ex- f ° rds *, the last assures perfectly. ;
tended soles; Friday and Saturday sha P ed **et; a positively, nobby
only: Sizes 6 to 8. «i:iO; 8% to U. style: Frlda y and Saturday only:
81.30; 1H4 t, 2,81.65. SSii^^Sw?" " > ¦*
Children's and misses' patent -"
leather Oxfords, stylishly extended . Youths and boys' tan calf Ox-
soles, the cutest you • ever saw; i^iJ^?*"*™^*^^?*? 1 ?
., Friday and 'Saturday, only: : Sizes urdly on y- S^es'lf to Z *«
-8% to U. 81.6O; 11% to 2, S1.8O- VA Tto 5™,S2.6O. * *- aO '
Country Orders Flll&d.
'h.AUFM^\NN'S
j 832 MarKet Street "
I Friday and Saturday Specials. I
GOLDEN GATE
CLOAK and SUIT HOOSE
j o : — : : : ¦ — ¦ — o |
I High-Grade Tailor Suits, Silk Long 1
|] Coats, Thrcc-Quartcr Pcav dc Soic) 1
I and Taffeta Garments, Novelty Coats I
J [ CUT BATES! CUT KATES!| I
|J NAVY BLUE STORM SERGE TAILOR SUITS, double . breasted I
t] Eton, with peplin, silk reveres and velvet collar, silk-lined- jacket , 1
«j with newest graduated flounce, skirt lined throughout with amisilk; - 1
« excellent A'alue $20.00 — ¦ - v 1
j Cut Rate $15.00
i| ANTIQUE MOIRE LONG COATS, large white satin reveres, ! I black \ I
j velvet trimmed, lined throughout with satin, the newest cut; ; ; full ' 1
] /¦ tut Kate q>15.00: 1
| $40.00 and $45.00 NOVELTY TAILOR SUITS, models of perfect tail- f|
n oring, richly trimmed and lined — I
p Cut Rate $32.50 1
BLACK VENETIAN TAILOR SUITS, new box effect, with, fancy J
stitched silk reveres, skirt new flounce, with 30 rows of stitching; a
Lj honest value, $17.50 — . %
vllt JlicIl6 cpIo.oU
TAN AND BLACK VENETIAN JACKETS, short, jaunty effect, with I
dip front, silk-lined, a $10.00 jacket — •> l H
. Cut Rate $7.50 I
1230-1232-1234 MABKET STREET. I