RUIN, WROUGHT. ALONG THE WATER FRONT AND SHIPPING AT ST
PIERRE BY THE ERUPTION OF MONT PELEE ;ON} MAY 8 THE \
WRECKAGE INDICATES FORCE OF THE DEADLY WAVE.
\ LABOR > READER \ WHO PRE
DICTS SYMPATHETIC STRIKE
; IN BITUMINOUS FIELDS.''. v
Early next . morning Hill pushed on to~
Mont Parnasse,. where ; several ¦-, peo
ple were' killed, in - the eruption ,'of
May . 8. , , He , encountered .' no • human ; be
ings, but he. did. -meet- a numbej. of aban
doned. cattle, which' tried "to* follow, him.'
From Mont Parnasse the explorer pro-
HILL'S HORSE • FAILS.
FORT DE FRANCE, island of .Martin
ique; May 28.— Professor Robert T-: Hill,
United States geologist and head of the
expedition sent to Martinique by the Na
tional Geographical Society, who left Fort
de "Fra'rice"Mohday*on'horseback~for "the
volcano, returned here" this morning. He
was , completely. ..worn., out w by, .his., trip.
Professor Hill relates an interesting story
of the examination of the district through
which he passed. He left Fort- de. France
Monday afternoon. He was accompanied
by a Mr. Cavanaugh, an army officer,'
from the.British island of Trinidad, arid
a boy named Joe, who was to act as
Interpreter. The party set 1 out on horse
back and took the direct north road for
Morne Rouge. Between the hamlets of
Deux Choux e.nd- Fonds. St Denis the
party entered upon the outer edge of the
zone of ashes. ' Except for occasional
patches all the country to this point was
green -and smiling. Upon reaching the
Ralbaud plantation, />ne mile southwest
of St. Pierre, .the explorer met the clear
line of demarcation of the zone of flame
and destruction, although not of/annihila^;
tion. Monday night was spent in a de"
serted bouse- at Fonds St..'Denls. ; . from
which Hill witnessed arid studied the vo\
canlc. eruption of that night. At , this
point, the horses of the party, became ex
hausted.
Investigation.
Scientist Gives His Version of His
HILL'S TERRIBLE TRIP. '
Hill will not discuss the matter, but
ether men of science here agree that the
cexditfons now known to exist are more
threatening than thofee that were ob
wrved before the ' destruction of ¦ SL
Pierre. Hill has also explained . that the
terrific I lightning in the , clouds Monday
night *as caused by the ignition of th«
gases thrown off by Mont Pelee, com
tinlngVith the oxygen in the air. This,
he believes, offers the best explanation
of th« destruction of Et. Pierre/ 'Hill
eaye that the entire northern end" of the
island la too dangerous at this ' time to
permit 'further investigation. .
Hill's researches have been more pro
ductive than he had expected. He Is au
thcrity for the assertion that Mont Pelee
Is now-ejecting true lava (molten rock),
matter not unlike that which" covered
FcmpciL This is the first time that the
production of real lava by any of the
volcanoes in this part of the world has
been noted, and the highly important fact
may presage terrible results.
EJECTS MOLTEN ROCK.
Robert L. Hill, the- Washington scien
tist, concerning whom great fears were
expressed j'esterday by those who knew
that he was intending to approach the
crater of : the volcano just before the
eruption of Monday night, has returned
here. He was at Fons St. Denis when
the eruption took place, and had an ex
perience similar to that which befell the
representatives - of the Herald and The
Call, though he had not got as near to
Pelee's crater as they. " He was less than
five relies from the crater when the ex
l>lotlon took place and was compelled v to
run to save his* life. He and Colonel
Louis H. Ayme, American Consul at
Guadeloupe, now sleep on the Cincinnati.
yet occurred. ' The volcano
was again active _to-day. an . explosion
which took place this morning driving
«ven the American scientists on board
the cruiser Cincinnati. «
. structive .than any that have
FORT DE FRANCE,' Martin
ique, May 2?.— Developments
in the conditions of Mont Pe
lee . indicate •- eruptions • ' to
come greater 1 and more de-
Prom the .Special Correspondent of
The Call and the New York; Her
ald. Copyright,' 1902, by the New
York Herald Publishing Company.
; George Kennan and his companion, Mr:
Jacassi, have been , located at -Vive, in
the- extreme northern^end of .the island.
They are v safe, but" had a narrow escape
atithe of .the .eruption' -Monday
eight. During one of the explosions this
morningt; great ' 'quantities' of gaseous
smoke, were ejected 'by the volcano. .It. is
fedred, that should such I gas settle ? over
the fsland there would, be". danger, of a
repetition of the disaster which destroy
ed Sti'Pief re,' 'arid. that every. living thing
in Martinique might- be- obliterated. .»• The
exodus - of- inhabitants- continues,* and - if
confldence . is not restored ' soon the isl
and will be entirely, depopulated. .
-\ ST.™ JOHNS* Island of Antigua, B. W. I.,
May -^ 28.— The ; British : ' steamer". Fontabell,
Passing'.: Steamers _• Get . Evidence of
Pelee's Eruption.
BUST FALLS; , ON . VESSELS.
-. : Pelee's % liatest' ; Work". v . ' '--
» . PARIS, "May 28.— The Governor of-Mar
ftnique, M/J'HuerreV cabled from' Fort "de
Fra'riceri; under {date ' of v to-day, " May> 28,
NEW^'C&ATERS , ARE FORMED.
French Governor on Mont
Brought by Gulf Stream.
CHARLESTON, S. C, May 23.— A con
siderable" quantity of pumice looking- ma
terial, believed to be from the volcanoe?
Ihthe West Indies, 13 drifting on the
shores In this vicinity. Fishermen havi
also brought In pieces from the sea. It it
dark ' in color and brittle, with" varied
streaks. It is supposed the gulf •trean!
brought It to this region. ¦_.. ..;., ,..,,_!
WILKESBARRE, Pa., ,May^28.— Senator
Harina' mayj be behind a moveirient: now
under .way'to have the State"of; Pennsyl
vania begin legal proceedings against" the
coal ' trust. A chairi of . circumstances
point to this. Hanna is' backing Attorney
General \ Elkin for . Governor *f j Pennsyl
vania.' Elkin w'ants.the votes of the ¦min
ers and other laboring men. -Yesterday- he
arid Stone had a long, conference
with I District I Presidents j Nichols, .puffy
and' Fahey of "the United" States Mine
Workers. ; ? : ¦H""^/*-^ ' :'
confirming the press dispatches; announc
ing that a fresh -eruption } of rMont Pelee
becured during (the evening 'of • Monday,
May 26,'causlng Vgreat panic at Fort de
France. ..The cinders and scoria, j, how
ever* the Governor added; did riot. touch
the- town; falling entirely on the north of
the'island. Calm is now. restored at Fort
de France. -"V lV \. ' ? -. -.- ""'¦
The Governor abandoned^ his ; proposed
visit to the ¦ devastated ,- place's *. on .; the'j isl
and, owing to the - torrential ; " fains arid
rough seasJ ' ' \\ : ,\ :.".-". '/ ¦• ¦..;.:.•:'': ¦'".
; Several craters,', the /Governor ¦'. further
reported ; ; were •vomiting^ thick smoke. -. L:
eruption of /. Mont ... Pelee :. oc- (
curred ; aB the ' French' cruiseriTage passed
St. ; Pierre ! recently, .resulting, in", a- sudden
iiiflo w. "of mud from the", bed J of i the f river
of the Strike.
Senator Strives to Compel Settlement
HANNA'S ' ACT CAUSES .HOPE.
from' New York for various West Indian
ports, ' has arrived here and - reports hav
ing passed St. Pierre, Martinique, during
the afternoon of May 27, when vast col
umns of smoke and flashes from Mont
Pelee were visible forty miles away. Dust
fell on the steamer when fifty miles from
the island. The Fontabell had previously
landed relief supplies at. Fort de France.
ROSEAU, Island of Dominica, May ,28.-
The British steamer Savan. from London
for Barbadoes and West Indian ports/has
arrived here. She passed Mont Pelee. 1 Isl
and of Martinique, at 9 o'clock this morn-
Ing, -when a thick, black smoke was arts.
ing 1 from the volcano, arid the officers of
the'Savan believed, from the great quan
tity of dust which fell on the steamer,
that another great eruption had occurred.
LONDON, May 29.— According to.tht
Rome correspondent of tho Dally Mall,
Archbishop- John* J. Keane of Dubuque,
Iowa, will be named by the Pope to suc
ceed the late Archbishop Corrtsan of New
York at the consistory to be held In July.
Correspondent of a London XTtws
jiaper Says He Will Have
Corrigan's Place.
ABCHBISHOP JOHN KEANE
IS SELECTED FOIt HONOaS
.-The^pay of ¦laborers Is .16 cents a day
and', they can only _.; get . about ten I days',
work. a : month. *-,', '''¦'¦':: I "-<'.'.'¦ . >-:'. - '
Sugar: bounties; emancipation and other
causes' as far back , as the ¦ beginning oif
the'last" century set the colony: on the
downgrade. -Between 1SS2 1896- the
value ; of . exports and Imports decreased
two-thirds and . since' then they have been
rapidly ; 'declining. " The sugar industry is
almost-dead.: i -.y ", ;: 4 '¦- _ ¦}''.,' : :\ .- ¦ :.: :
\ "Already the idea of abandoning , the
island -has ' been mooted by Sydney Oliver,
Colonial Secretary of Jamaica.- ..When five
years ago a hurricane of unusual violence
swept the Island almost bare,; bringing to
the -verge of- ruin - the • poverty-stricken
agriculturists, I it was proposed : to draft
people -to British Guiana, 'Trinidad ' and
Jamaica. \ The British Government came
to;, their aid and they . got their . heads
above water once "more." '.Now," however,
the scheme" is being revived. - - • -.
KINGSTON, Jamaica, "May 28.— Cable
advices from Kingstown, St. .Vincent, to
day, state 'that the island,' which for past
years has been sinking under the weight
of lts^troubles, has reached'the height of
its misery. .; La Soufriere, which after hay
ing devastated the « whole northern portion
of <the island, ; quieted down somewhat, is
again' belching forth immense clouds of
smoke'. aid.' blasts of superheated 1 steam
and is threatening further eruption. The"
noise | from the ' volcano is terrific Clouds
of vapor : and 1 smoke are charged , with
electricity, .which manifests itself "in
alarming electric storms: The rainfall is
exccEslve. J Rivers are pouring down floods
of 1 liduid> mud, ; and such places as have
hitherto' escaped destruction dealt" by the
voloAno are being swept away by: the In
undation.'.. ¦ .' .'..'.-¦
Considered.
. . i .
Abandonment of the Island Is Again
MISEEY. ON ST., VINCENT.
. Blanche. The Governor concludes that
"his latest -visit to ;SL' Pierre the
previous reports that the : southern por
tion of: that town was apparently de
stroyed by - an ; inexplicable phenomenon,
resembling } a'; frightful • hurricane, .which
swepV fi|om ; north [. to south. The fall of
scoria, formed a layer, a foot deep. The
northern part, of the town is: buried under
a. bed of mud. It i is"; Impossible '. to ade
quately" describe: the desolation 'at St.
Pierre. ' '/ ¦¦[ ¦ ' ~ ¦ ¦
¦ !At> present the district, officers will say
nothing, \ but so, strong , Is their. belief in
the' ability' of the administration ,to fSrce
the-' coal, trust^ to. the wall; and 'compel
the operators to treat with the union that
there has spread; like' a ray/ of sunshine
through the region a rumor that peace is
in ' sight and'( there* is to- nig-ht among: the
strikers^ greateVconfldence In the outcome
of the strike than there has been at any
tlnie' since; its Inception. This confidence
emanates from thej^district presidents and
lesser officers and the return of President
Mitchell is eagerly awaited.
situation to-day is this: District
presidents are watting: for the return from
the. West of President Mitchell in order to
discuss the new legal aspect of the situa
tion with him and then, . with his ex
pected ; approval;Vthe : union • will "request
thV State authorities to begin proceedings
on the ground that a coal trust Is.unlaw
ful '-¦¦ under the common \ law and in open
conflict with the constitution of Pennsyl
vania. . • f,
, - Politicians, i coal \ operators . and t others
here ' knowing trie : situation make these
conclusions: That Elkin will do all he can
by prosecuting the trust 'to win' union
votes; that Hanna-'isencouraging him in
rthiS'.beeause hie'desires to'settle' the strike
before ', it embraces the soft- coal regions
and jeopardizes his interests there and
also because he is eager, since the opera
tors i have practically S ignored j his efforts
for conciliation and * arbitration, . to com
pel them to treat with the miners. .
", "I ' took many ; photographs!" but . don't
hesitate to acknowledge, that I '"was terri-
,' "My attempt to' examine the crater of
Mont;Pelee has been futile. I succeeded
however, >Jn getting very close to Morne
Rouge. At 7 o'clock Monday night I wit
nessed from a point near the ruins of St
Pierre a frightful " explosion 'f rom ' Mont
Pelee and "noted \ the • accompanying phe
nomena. While these ' eruptions ! continue
no sane man should attempt to ascend
to the crater; of the volcano.- Following
the Falvos of detonations from the moun
tain gigantic mushroom-shaped columns
of smoke and cinders ascended intoK the
clear.^ star-lit sky ; and then spread in a
vast black sheet to the south and directly
over my head, "r Through this sheet,
which, extended, a. distance -of ten miles'
from the crater, .vivid and awful Hght
ning-like > bolts 'flashed with alarming fre'
quency.. ' ThVy followed 'a /distinct path
of ignition, but were •'different '.from iighti
ring-- in ; thai the bolts' 1 we're horizontal
and/not perisendicular. '..This, is^lndipput-"
.'able - evidence of; the \ explosive 'oxidation ,
of ' the : gases after: they ; }eft ittiejcrateiv
This" is a most important observation, and
explains . in 'part the . awf ul'" catastr.ophe. ;
This , phenomena is entirely new in vol
canic 'history.'.'. - ,-. .. • -^ . , -
Speaking personally of his expedition to
Mont Pelee Professor, Hill said: :-
WITNESSES EXPLOSION.
Professor Hill heard the explosion of
-*- 1 ?! 8 . "f??? 1 .!?^. while j.pn his way Into' Fort
de France, and he says a cloud of black
smoke at a; great height was drifUng
sjpwly^to, the! southeast. .... .'^...
ceeded to Morne Rouge, where he suc
ceeded in getting a number of important
photographs. - He. found that a close ap
proach to- Mont Pelee was Impossible,
and as- his actual position ,was dangerous
he started 'back in, a southerly direction.
At Champe; Flo're, Hill's horse gave out
completely,, and he secured the services
of native guides, who led him by wild
mountain -paths back to Fonds St. Denis
and ; Deux > Ciioux. Tuesday: night was
v spent "at the. latter place' j From this
• point . Hill sent a into Fort de
France 1 with a request that a carriage be
sent for him/. Wednesday morning tlie'
professor left Deux t:houx and walked to
within 5 fifteen ' kilometers of Fort de
France,, wherehe; borrowed an old horse
froma negro and .continued on his' way.
The .carriage. met him five kilometers
from Fort de -France and brought him*
back to-. town, where he arrived at 11
o'clock this". morning.' .i-
Federal Authorities.
WASHINGTON, May 23.— The Civil
Service Commission j has decided that
funds were solicited and collected for the
Presidential campaign of 1900 from em
ployes under Collector of Internal Reve
nue Henry of Terre Haute, Ind.. with his
approval and co-operation, but holds that
the evidence does not Justify the Institu
tion of criminal proceedings against him
or any of his subordinates.
. The report says William E. Houck, s
storekeeper and gauge r, and Deputy Col
lectors Klift and Hall paid money for
campaign purposes, but they acted under
implied coercion. 7 -i.
The dismissal of B. de Baum Is recom
mended by the commission.
MONEY WAS EXPENDED,
BUT OFFICIALS ABE SATE
Civil Service Commission Passes
Upon tlie Cases Against
.. "No,", he said, V "I ' do not -think / the
strike will spread among > the j railroad
men.' It Is against their rules 'to go into
such i a strike. Aside from the ;- { ; freight
handlers on the coal roads affected by : the
present strike^ I ; do .; not believe it will be
felt by the railroads. In'the . event ;of . a
strike among . the bituminous miner s any
one can see that- the effect; will " f bV:'dlsas
trous,, because' almost every ¦ line of busi
ness would feel the result."
Sargent was asked If; he thoughts the
strike would later' involve the railroad
men." - ¦' ¦ ' /¦ v -f.
"The coal barons believe they are mas
ters of- the I situation, . while the working
men are - equally confident -'of - their
strength 1 and; their .chances -of? success.
There are 180,000, men Idle as a; result of
the strike In the'_anthracite v fields.".
"I am of the opinion -that^if; the strike
Is not settled within. the next .eighth or
ten; days miners in the bituminous fields
will be asked to go out in sympathy "for.
their Eastern brethren. A convention 1 of
bituminous miners to decide what action
to take in .the matter is under."contempla
tion, but the date or place of meeting has
not yet, ! to my ( knowledge, - been decided
upon. - Should a j sympathetic \ strike be
decided -on probably "many as "450,000
miners in> the ;" bituminous .'¦ fields will 'go
OUt. 'a'-S . ¦ . .-' ¦ •_'. >.-' :Tv
tentative Jto-day^^, *.,.._. Z'^J; ~ .^V- ..'.; J. J Mt \.
\ "Up'ofo la^Moriday,'; wh^n^'t'lef t ' Nejr
York, bothl sides' were ; standing \nrmV~and
from the. 'condition 'of : iUiIngs. I thhiklthe
country will see ,a\ bitter, contest. i : I* was
told by - President ; Mitchell; that v^ the
miners were never) In; 'better^financial
condition than. iiow ; to enter a" strike *and
they are .confident; of twinning. ;.For
some time the anthracite .miners haves had
plenty i of j work and have 'been 'able to
lay. up money.V President Mitchell is " of
the opinion that \they' will be able to hold
out at least six months, and doubtless
longer. In the^meantime everything pos
sible is being done to arbitrate the differ
ences. ¦ ¦-''¦• ;' " i ¦ •"¦ ; ; <~ * •¦: ' '-. ¦ ¦ v '¦¦'
of which Mark \ Al Ha'nna ' is
chairman, la of the opinion ..that if : the
strike* of anthracite coal Vmlnera i.- v is inot
settled within the next eight ob ten days
there will j. probably; be' a - sympathetlo
Kirlk'e | iri. the^bittimindu's 'coal fields" ' Sar-
Erentisald-to the 'As'sociated Press repre-"
. g -«*uT. - v LOUIS,.; Mo'., •-. May'. '28.—
•|L^T ; Frank ' P.' < Sargent of': the
/ a"^^ Brotherhood of ' Locomotive
•'•i^vv-y - Flremen.and :. a. member.- of-, the
-V* '. National Board of Arbltrattoii,
Representative Bartlett of Georgia to
day introduced a resolution requesting In
formation . from . the Secretary of War as
to the amount of salary or other compen
sation paid General Leonard Wood as mil
itary Governor. General *of Cuba,, and by
what authority such' payments were made.
General Wood's assistants In 'the ad
ministration of Cuban affairs to the num
ber of about twenty army officers and
civilians will soon arrive in Washington.
The work 'of .settling their accounts, the
general estimates, will take about six
weeks or two months. - ~- .— • »
seeks, information.
jthlnls ( that - to-day- .Cuba .ha» no . beggars,
one - most be Impressed with ~ th« belief
that there Is some virtue In the people* of
the- island. The Cubans are deeply grate
ful \o the United States."
"The people . of Cuba area good, hard
working lot»". remarked x General Wood.
"There "Is leas than 2 per cent 'of Ameri
cans on~ the Island. When one stops to
One of the first acts of General Wood
was to make an oral report to Secretary
Root in the discharge of his stewardship
in Cuba, .withdrawal . of American
troops and inauguration of the Cuban re
public. He called on President Roosevelt
later. : A-«>< '.- -, ¦ •- . *
General Wood reached Washington this
morning. He was accompanied by Colonel
Scott and other members of his staff, and
Is temporarily making his headquarters
at the Metropolitan Club, although he will
live aboard the Kanawha for several
days. /
General Wood added that Congress had
asked, for Cuban accounts two years ago.
They had at once been furnished. If Con
gress wanted these accounts up . to ! date
they would be furnished again. In fact,
the accounts were open to any one.
ACCOUNTS OPEN TO ALL.
This was the statement made to-day by
General Leonard Wood on his arrival in
.Washington. He had just/read the criti
cisms made of the expenditures of his de
partment, and remarked that he did not
consider any farther reply necessary. Ex
penditures for 'champagnes, whisky, etc.;
which had been emphasized. General Wood
said, were w doubtless ordered for public
entertainments and he remarked, faca-,
tiously, that it would be unusual to pro-'
vide sand or lumber for such purposes.
CALL BURKAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
W.. WASHINGTON. May 2S.— "All ex
penditures in Cuba are matters of public
record. No money has been expended ex
cept on competent and proper authority."
Special Dlsnatch to The Call.
"air. Kennan witnessed the explosion
of Monday night and was much interested
In the phenomena. - The explosion was ac
companied at intervals by a bright light,
which lasted for half an hour, at a time.
This light was steady and illuminated the
entire mountain top. Professor Hill says
he did not see this light". I left. Mr. Ken
nan arid hls_ party in good health and
safeJ'.They seemed to be in no hurry to
come back to Fort de France." ,
: "Nearly, all the phenomena of these.vol
canic outbreaks ¦ are new to science, j and
many, of .them' have riotjyet been 'explain
ed, 'i The .volcano is .' s tin [ i ntensely .^ active,'
and I ''cannot :'xxuike. any^ predictions as to
' wh ai4t^lrf'flo>''^^^'^~~^^-^ : '*^*
; ;^Fernaiido/cierc" relates" the' following
.story: ;>-.\i .-'. ~~' f '' '., .'';¦'¦
¦ | -'Mr.' Kennan and his party ..have been
with got' around the mountain
and reached the new crater not far. from"
Ajoupa Bouillon.- We discovered^ that it
had broken, out at the very head of the
river Falalsi and about 200 yards from the
high road. ; Our party rode directly to, the
edge 'of the crater, as it was then quies
cent. We' saw that s a great slice of the
mountain ¦ had fallen,;' leaving exposed a
perpendicular, cliff. ,In this .cliff .were, five
huge tunnels, which were : not smoking.
The crater is a great sloping oval depres
sion, from which smoke issues, as it does
from the great crater, with the exception
that here there were "few ashes In the
smoke. .The river Falatsi is boiling- hot
and so muddy that a quart of - water
weighed four pounds. Volcanic stones of
the nature of pumice float* in this water.
j "The people on the northern 7 end of the
island are terrified, l and are fleeing • with
their cattle' and effects." v I spent .Tuesday
night in a, house at Deux Choux with a
crowd of 200 frightened refugees.".. 1 -: "'.
tied. But. I was not the only person so
frightened." Two newspaper correspond
ents who were close . to Morrie Rouge
some hours before me became scared, ran
three miles down. the mountain and has
tened lnto^ Fort de" France.
[It r is now regarded as certain that the
Chamberlain party" will .be' victorious,
and the Government 'has, decided to re
tain > the tax on grain. ''Joseph Chamber
lain," 'the Colonial j Secretary, : is ; again in^
disposed, and some people believe his In
disposition merely "diplomatic." '
[ Against this idea of^ a speedy anounce
ment of peaces is the » decision, reached^in
Parliament yesterday 'to- debate the edu
cational bill. next; Monday, and -'to prepare
further debate 7 on; the - budget, which
seems to show- that , affairs; in South- Af
rica 'may require/a: .greater period of time
for settlement. ¦'/.;¦¦ /- --¦"¦-. , , ~ ¦'¦ [¦¦¦:.?
¦ LONDON, | May '28.4 The Daily Chronicle
this : morningr 'declares that ' the negotia-
lions of the. present week .will witnesV'the
termination of 'the "war in .South Africa.'
The. paper says it -tindcrstanfls the Gov
ernment has;declihed to grant the Cape
Colony 'rebels- unqualified; amnesty or to
lix a date for the' establishment of self
"government/ and' that^English , wijl prob
ably'jbe' the, official -language in the- two
countries. '7. .-, '.*•'¦ ' *¦ •¦¦¦'"•.. '.'¦¦'. ¦*'!>'
A. Georgia Statesman,
Seeks
Information.
Says All Accounts
Are Open to the
Public*
Africa.
¦-.¦' S. ':".¦' ' 'r-, •-;'-?•¦ ¦¦¦ .¦•";-. t-:'. : .-- f ' •"¦:
Minor Retails Delay
Peace in South
guage.
> ' ¦ ;¦•:' •' "'iV •.: -' .' .•.''¦¦•'•• . . -V
English- Will Become
j the Official Lan= %
GreatBriiain's Stand
Concerning Cape
l Rebels.
Becomes Facetious in
Disciissing^uban
Expenses.
Terrific Explosion Causes Even Scientists
to Flee From the Islands
REAL LAVA IS THROWN
FROM CRATER OF PELEE
GENERAL
WOOD IS
AMUSED
REFUSES
TO GRANT
AMNESTY
HALF MILLION
MEN MAY QUIT
Sargent 'Say$; BittiMinous
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME XCI— KO. 180.
SAN FB ANGISCO, THXptSDiVY, M A Y 29, 1902.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.Continued on Page Three.
We recognize that " necessity of co-operation
in order to meet new conditions in the indus
trial world, . and to compete successfully tor
the world's markets; but all combinations that
stifle competition,, control, prices, limit produc
tion, or unduly- increase profits or' values, and
especially-when they raiee the prices, of the
necessities of life, are opposed to public policy
and should be. repressed with a strong hand.
The Republican party is the only one that has
dealt courageously and honestly with the trust
question. It enacted, as early as 1890. a law
framed by that distinguished statesman, John
Sherman, to prohibit and punish combinations
In restraint of trade, the control of 'wares or.
the advancement of . prices. This aat. framed
by a Republican statesman, passed by a Repub
lican Congress and elgned by a Republican
President has proved beneficial, preventing
abuses where abuses were found to exist, and
LIBERAL PENSION POLICY. ¦
The resolutions commend Congress for
re-enactlag the Chinese exclusion law;
favor a continuation ol- the liberal pen T
slon policy inaugurated by the Repubr
lican party; advocate the extension of the
postal rural free delivery service, "wher
ever its extension may be justified," com
mend a substantial and uninterrupted in
crease of the navy and urge legislation
that will expedite the construction of the
isthmian canal. They continue:
slderation It deserves; to uphold the dignity
of toll; to create a healthy opinion on the sub
ject of labor, and t» th© justice of its receiv
ing a SuU share of the value it creates; to
bring labor and capital together on common
ground in the.- adjustment of such questions aa
may concern th»se twp great factors In produc
tion It is necessary - that labor should be In
telllgently organized. ,, We believe ;in fewer
hours and ' larger ' rewards for labor, . and favor
such laws as will harmonize the Interests, of
labor and capital and tend to lighten the bur
den of toll. ' ' • ¦ .
club's well known hospitality is k main
tained. A large number of the member3
will wear for the first time their new tar
tan plaids and bonnets, which arrived
from the East a few. days ago.
' CALEDONIAN PIPER,
.WHO., WILL I COMPETE ; FOR
. VALUABLE . PRIZE. , . , .
No question now pressing for. attention can
be of greater Importance than that which con
cerns the interests of capital and labor, and
we pledge ¦ ourselves to the protection of these
two servants of civilization. ,, Labor ¦is.x.tho
superior of capital, and deserves much more
consideration. To secure for labor "the . ion-
We congratulate the country upon a record of
diplomatic achievement which is unparalleled
In our annals and which will forever redound
to the credit of an administration which, avoid
ing alliances and entanglements In its foreign
policy, has kept steadily in view the glory of
the American flag, the growth and spread of
American commerce, the steadfast- support and
maintenance of American doctrines and tradi
tions, and has wrought for the present and
the future in the interest of world-wide peace.
So great is the country's prosperity and so
ample the revenues under the Dingley tariff
law that the present Republican Congress has
been able to redeem party pledges by -repeal-
Ing war • revenues aggregating $110,000,000
annually, thus reducing taxation to a peace
basis, while the army is still' on a war footing.
Democratic success would threaten the destruc
tion of the protective system under which our
splendid prosperity has come, and the mere
shadow of Impending free trade would destroy
confidence, unsettle business, alarm industrial
interests and Immediately check the demand
for labor.
The resolutions Indorse the administra
tion of Governor George K. Nash and the
State officials, commend the Seventy-fifth
General Assembly for its reduction of
itaxatian upon real and personal property,
warmly comemnd Senators Foraker and
Hanna, indorse the record of Republican
Congresses, "especially those since the in
auguration of William McKinley," call at
tention to the general prosperity which
followed his first election to the Presi
dency, and continue:
PRAISE FOR McKINLEY.
the annual gathering and games of
the Caledonian Club, to be held at Shell
Mound Park, to-morrow, has aroused the
keenest interest among"* lovers of the
Scotch ' national", music. A large number
of entries for' the event have been re
ceived, among them being that of Neil"
Lindsay, who has been the club's piper
for several years and is acknowledged to
be one of th« best pipers in the United
States. Lindsay has also received many
prizes for being the best dressed man in
full Highland costume.
There are forty events on the pro T
gramme and the prizes will be more than
double the amount at any* previous gath
ering. The first event will start at 10 a. m.
There will be dancing in the pavilion from
•11 a. m. till 8 p. m. , ¦
The officers of the club who will take an
active Interest in seeing that the games
are a success are: A. M. Macpherson,
chief; J. A. McLeod. first chieftain; F. F.
Finlay, second chieftain; James H.\Dun
can, third chieftain; J. W. Cameron,
fourth chieftain, , and Dr. J. A. J. McDon
ald, physician. - -
A large committee has been appointed
to receive the guests of the club. First
Chieftain J. A. McLeod being the chair
man. The committeemen- will see that the
efforts to protect the public interests he is en
titled to full and unreserved support. " :
THE bagpipe competition for a gold
medal valued at $200 to be awarded
to the best player of pibrochs,
marches, reels and strathspeys at
GRANTS PASS, Or., May 28.— A light
engine an.d a southbound through freight,
pulled by two engines, collided just west
of Tunnel Mine about noon to-day. AH
engineers and firemen jumped and escaped
serious injury. Brakeman Patrick was
badly bruised. The head engine of the
freight train was badly and the others
slightly damaged. The collision was
caused by conflicting orders. ¦ f
Wreck Near Grants Pass.
Although it will -be remembered that a
boat from the lost warship drifted on
to the Vancouver Island coast, little
damaged, on January 10, five days after
tho dating of this message, there is little
disposition to regard the message as a
genuine one. The fact that it is written
in ink leads to the belief that the mes
s-age is a fake. - i . .
VICTORIA, B. C.; May tS.-^A bottle
containing a message purporting to be
from the man-of-war Condor, which was
lost at sea after leaving Esquimau .on
December 2 with 104 officers and men on
board, has been found by the Hesquoit
Indians, on the west coast of
Island. The steamer Queen City, which
reached Alberni to->day on her way to
Victoria, has the message, .which Is con
signed to the British Admiralty. It is
written in ink on a small piece of brown
paper and was. inclosed - in a tightly
sealed bottle, which drifted ashore near
Hesquoit. The message reads:
MIDOCEAN. Jan. 5. 1002, H. M. S. Condor-
Ship rank: all lost except first officer and two
middles, who escaped! In small boat. . We are
at the sea's mercy. A. S. RODGERS.
quoit Indians Is Open
to Question.
Genuineness of a Find Made by Hes-
BOTTLE CONTAINS NOTE- .J
FROM A CONDOR OFFICER
CHEERS FOB HANNA.
While Senator Hanna was cheered as he
¦entered the hall, as he announced the vote
of his county delegation, of which he was
.chairman, as General Grosvenor and other
speakers referred to him and on other oc
casions, the mention of the names of Pres
.ident Roosevelt, Senator Foraker, Gover-
The convention was distinguished for
harmony in all that was done. One .of
the "last reconciliations was that of Sen
ator Hanna and former. Governor Asa S.
Bushnell . of Springfield. The latter had
been here all week, but Bushnell and
Hanna never spoke as they passed each
other's quarters. They had not spoken
since the memorable contest for the Sen
etorfihip in 1837. Before going to the con
vention to-day they met in the most cor
dial manner. The delegates who "got them
together" gave glowing reports around
the convention hall of the way they wei - e
calling each -other "Mark" and "Asa" 1
again. Senator Hanna and George B.
Cox of Cincinnati also had a friendly fare
well to-night after a contest during the
day over nominations. ' -
Following is the ticket: Secretary of
State, Lewis O. Laylin of Norwalk; Judge
of Supreme Court, William B. Crew of
McConnellsville; Food and Dairv Com
missioner, Horace Ankeney of Xenia;
member of the Board of Public Works,
William Kirtley Jr. of Defiance.
What were called the Hanna men won
on all ballots, but Cox supported none
of the winners. In making up the State
ticket Hanna and Cox were on opposite
sides to-day, the same as in the contest
for the organization of the ¦ Legislature
last January, but good feeling prevailed
after the convention was over.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, May 28.— The Re
publican. State Convention, which has
been a continued ovation to Senator
Hanna, closed this evening with a great
demonstration in his honor, to which he
respqnded in a characteristic speech. The
Senator .at former State conventions has
sounded keynotes that have been taken
up by Republican glee clubs. He, told
them to-day to sing "Keep on Letting
Well Enough Alone" in the campaign
rallies this year. He advised action and
counseled discretion.
Friend of the Xate President McKin
ley Urges a Careful Remembrance
of Policy Outlined During the
Martyr's Administration..
Burrows of Michigan then addressed the
Senate on the general features of the
pending bill. He said he believed the time
had come when the future course of this
Government as to the islands must be de
termined. If the present course was to be
followed he thought that fact could not
be too clearly pointed out. He believed
the enactment of the measure of the ma
jority would promote the interests of the
Filipinos and advance the prosperity qt
the islands. Burrows said he did not be
lieve that the* Filipinos were fitted for
self-government. If he tnought they wero
ho would unhesitatingly urge tbat inde
pendence be granted them. Burrows In
conclusion maintained 1 that the adoption
of the, majority report on this bill was
the only safe and honorable course for
the United States to take.
Hoar to-day presented a letter from
General M. P. Miller,; U. S. A., correcting
what he said was an error in a recent
speech by Hoar, who had said that Gen
eral Miller "notoriously did want an at
tack and Aguinaldd met it with speedy
defiance," the reference being tq the is-
suance by General Miller of President Me-
Kinley's proclamation, : a part of which
was suppressed by General Otis."- .
In his letter General Miller said Hoar
was in error. He said General Otis had
not informed him that the President's
proclamation was not to be used in. full.
He was not anxious, he said, for a fight,
and always had- advised the Filipinos Jo
accept . tho sovereignty of the United
States, as he believed the United States
would grant them their reasonable de
sires. Hoar said the letter evidently was
that of a sincere and. honest gentleman.
He absolutely acquitted Ge'neral Miller of
publishing the proclamation in order to
bring on hostilities. ; . . . .
Lodge offered some amendments to the
bill, all being of minor tni&ortance- except
those reducing the amount of land to be
taken up by one person from 160 acres to
forty acres. The amendments were
agreed to. Lodge said the. Philippine
Committee had not determined yet what
change, if any, should be made in the
provision of the bill enabling a corpora
tion to acquire 5000 acres of land. He
thought some change > In the ¦ provision
might be made, but what it would be he
could not say. '- •, •
WASHINGTON, -May 28.— An agreement
was reached ,in 1?he Senate t«-day by
which a final vote on the pending Philip
pine government bill and all amendments
will be taken on next Tuesday at 4 o'clock
p. m. Pending the vote the Senate will
meet at il o'clock each day except Fri
day, when the Senate will not sit. it be
ing Memorial day. On Monday and Tues
day the debate will be under the fifteen
minute rule.,' <¦ • . : ' / '
Great Demonstration in His
Honor by the Dele
gates.
Holsclawwas a native of Missouri and
73 years of age. He came to California in
1851 and settled at the old town of Gilroy,
now known as San Felipe. Holschaw open
ed the first blacksmith shop in Gilroy.
which he conducted for a number of
years. Later he engaged in farming. In
1S55 he married Mary A. Zuck. A number
of grown children survive the couple.,
„...,, ' : : ~ — ¦ — ~ ; -- . . , , / :
¦ SA*T JOSE, May 28.— Milton T. Hols r
claw, a pioneer of this county, dropped
dead on the street at Old Gilroy at 7:30
o'clock this evening, from heart disease.
When his death was announced to his
wife, Mary A. Holsclaw, she was com
pletely prostrated and died within an
hour. . \ \
We cordially sustain President Roosevelt In
his pledge to carry., forward the great work
which came to him as a sacred legacy. We
recognize his earnest and conscientious devo-;
tion to the welfare of the people and.approvs
the high aims and character. of' his admlnis-i
tratlon. . He faithfully maintains the -plighted
faith of the nation, upholds the best standard
of the public service, and stands by the policies
which assure stability and confidence.- He reu-.
refrjits a civic patriotism of the highest" type'
and the destinies of the country are eafe in his
.bant!* •' In his frank, ~ eWe and-, courageous
We deeply lament the tragic death of Presi
dent William McKinley and cherish the illus
trious life and noble example as the highest
inspiration to patriotic consecration and serv
ice. Enshrined forever in the hearts of his
countrymen, that unceasing devotion garlands
his memory, and on their augmented content
ana greatness under his gure guidance Is reared
bis worthiest and most enduring monument.
What he was In his great and gracious per
sonality arid what he <3!d In his lofty and last
ing work remain a precious heritage for his
people. Through his legislative and adminis
trative accomplishments he is Justly recog
nized as the chief architect of our : later in
dustrial growth and as the pathfinder of our
oreclng career of commercial expansion. His
measures restored prosperity, diiluied confi
dence and security, promoted fraternal concord,
pc-lnttd the way to reciprocal advantages in
commercial exigencies, • enlarged the republic
advanced Ite prestige and influence among the
natiens. carried liberty to oppressed peoples
and placed our country in the van of the forces
for civilization and humanity. While he lived
his moral r-owqr and wisdom and patriotism
were tho pillar of. public safety and after hi3
death hi» fixed and well defined, policies con
tinue- to be the hope end strength. of the na
tion. ¦ ¦••*.•.' ' .....
At the conclusion of General Gros
venor*s address the platform was reported
by General Dick, chairman of the Com
mittee on resolutions. The references to
Roosevelt, Hanna, Foraker and Governor
Nash were loudly applauded. On General
Dick's motion the resolutions were adopt
ed. The platform is substantially as fol
lows: s . ,
Referring to trusts, the speaker de
clared that Republican officials were the
only ones that ever had made any prac
tical efforts to- meet this great question
and called attention to the contest now
going on in the courts for the disruption
of the so-called beef trust.
AS TO THE TBTJSTS.
Incidental to this schedule is the question of
wider markets. We Cannot go on forever add
lns to the volume of our production and yet fall
to gain wider markets. The problem of the day
Is the problem of new markets for American
products. Reciprocity must. not be used to de
stroy home industries. Reciprocity must- not ba
made use of to lessen the wages of the Ameri
can laborers or to curtail the scope of their
employment. But reciprocity may be used to
open the markets of other countries to the
productions of our country and thereby and in
that way make it possible to give more wages
and more hours of labor to the American
workman.
The vital question for the Republicans at
this particular time is the Question of when
an-1 how and by whom any revision of the tariff
which is deemed important shall be made.
What Is there In the portents of the times that
Indicates a necessity for any revision of the
tariff schedules of the Dlnslev act? We have
unbounded prosperity. Is that the time to
commence a tariff agitation that shall unsettle
values and disturb the peace of business and
precipitate Into commotion the business in
terests of the United States? That is the im
portant question and a question which in my
opinion can only be answered In thts way. Un
til injurious results to business and prosperity
are known to have been produced by the ex
istence of tariff 'schedules, the time has not
cemj to enter upon a revision of that docu
ment.
Grosvenor declared that the Republican
party does not worship the schedules of
the tariff as a fetich, but. favors revision
whenever the requirements of business
demand it. He added.'
The Philippines are ours. They are ours
by the conquest of Dcwey and the army; they
are ours by • the terms of the treaty with
Spain; they are ours by every principle of law,
national, and international; and the American
people will never consent to the introduction
Into political power of a party that would play
the eld piratical game of "scuttle", and run
away from responsibility even as great as It is
la the fear of God and in the name of
American civilization, we will control and gov
ern and benefit those islands, and we will re
peat in the Philippines, on a larger scale, what
we hava accomplished so vbrllllantly in the isl
and of Porto Rico. The American flag ha-j
never been pulled down from any territory that
it ever claimed Jurisdiction over and It never
will be Dulled down while the Republican
President is in the White House.
SPEECH OF GBOSVENOB.
i After a feeling reference to the death
of President McKinley and a strong in
dorsement of the administration of Presi
dent Roosevelt the speaker turned to the
Philippine question. He said:
The reports of the committees on cre
dentials, rules and order of business were
submitted and' adopted. The report mak
ing General Charles H. Grosvenor perma
nent'chairman and continuing the re
mainder of thei temporary organization
was adopted. When Governor Nash pre
sented General Grosvenor he received an
ovation. • •
; Secretary Laylin said they were equally
united now for Senator Hanna to succeed
himself, although hot so distinctly positive
in expressing preferences in advance for
President and Governor. This reference
to the Governorship was enjoyed by ths
delegates, who have during the week wit
nessed the dress parade here of half a
dozen or more aspirants for the guber
natorial nomination next year.
Many ladies attended the convention to
day, among them being Mrs. Hanna, who
occupied a front seat on the platform, but
she and the ladies with her left the hall
before the Senator was called out for the
closing speech.
In accepting renomination at the head
of the State ticket Secretary of State
Lewis C. Laylin referred to the State Con
vention at Zanesvllle in 1S95, at which the
so-called triple alliance was entered into
that Included Bushnell for Governor, For
aker for Senator and McKinley for Presi
dent. ' •
Cochrane of Missouri supported the
Newlands amendment, at the same time
denouncing the bill. He warned the mem
bers of the majority that the time would
ccme in their defense, of the proposed leg
islation when they would be as "jackrab
bits before the hounds."
Without action upon either amendment
the House at 4:50 p. m. adjourned.
nor rsash and others were also cheered.
General Grosvenor was heartily leceived
as the permanent chairman, as was Gen
eral Dick when he read the resolutions
which were adopted substantially as he
had drafted them, with the exception ,of
the Cuban resolution, on which .there was
a compromise. ¦ .
Grow of Pennsylvania offered an amend
ment providing that the subsidiary coins
should consist of half-dollars, quarter
dollars, 10-cent and 5-cent pieces of pro
portionate parts of 112% grains.
To this amendment Newlands of Ne
vada offered an amendment providing
that such coins should be a full legal; ten
der for all debts, public and private.
Hill made the point of order that the
amendment to the amendment was not
germane. The point of order was over
ruled.
Smith of Iowa argued in support of the
bill that instead of being a measure, of
contraction it would increase the amount
of money in circulation to the extent of
the silver bullion coined (over $60,000,000).
The bill stirred the opposition of the
Democrats, who' claimed it was only a
step in the direction of the complete
striking down of the silver dollar. The de-
Jaate drifted into a general discussion of
the silver question. Very little interest
was shown, and Cochrane twice made the
'¦¦ point that no quorum was present. • X. '
WASHINGTON, May 28.— The House
spent the day, debating the bill to in
crease the subsidiary coinage by coining
the silver bullion in the treasury and to
recoin standard silver dollars as the pub
lic necessities may require. The limit of
subsidiary coinage is now $100,000,000.' Tha
bill increases this to an indefinite amount,
in the discretion of the Secretary of the
Treasury. ¦ 1
Fioneer Couple of San Felipe
Pass Away.pn _the
% -• Day.
Speeches Turn on the Silver
Question, but Fail of .
Interest . I
Vote on the Philippine Gov
ernment Bill Is Now
Assured.
Senator Scores Triumph
in Cleveland Con
vention.
Aged- Woman Collapses
When Told of Her
J-iOSS. >
Senator Explains His
Reference to an
Army Officer.
Proposed Increase in the
Coinage Causes a
Clash. . •
HANNA CALLS
FOR CAUTION
WITH ACTION
HOAR SPEAKS
HIS APOLOGY
DIES AN HOUR
AFTER HUSBAND
DEBATE AROUSES
THE DEMOCRATS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 29, 1902.
Interesting Contest to Take 'Place at the
Annual Gathering and Games^ of .the.
.Caledonian Club 'at Shell-Mound Park
PIPERS TO COMPETE
FOR VALUABLE MADAL
2
-, . ,v ; ; r poisons which find their
way into the blood, and are forced by the circulation through the glands
and pores of. the. skin; causing it to burn like fire, and the incessant
itching alkfws no rest night or day. -Eczema appears in a great many
different forms, beginning frequently as a mere redness of the skin, fol-
lowed , by little blisters or pimples, from, which a clear or straw colored '
gm m m matteroozes » forming into sores, scales '*¦
SMLT r RHElSsm or sczh % ?*** ™p«ff Ec £F a > '
.. . ( < commonly called Salt Rheum; These •
acid poisons sometimes ; dry up the natural oils and the, skin becomes
hard and dry, often cracking and bleeding and causing intense pain and
fearful itching. This form of Eczema " is ; known as Tetter, and ; of tenest
J _._. i^,___.__ attacks the; hands and feet. Unsightly eruptions^
BEbBEbF$ in the shape of P im P les anc * blackheads break out
. upon the face, ; neck and shoulders . as . a',result of
polluted blood, and this humiliating disease is called •'¦Acne'. ; '. : YrI,ocal::
-remedies afford but scant relief. "The blood and system being saturated with
"?'j— -; Y_ _ ¦¦ mm the poison , the disease cannot be reached with washes, sal ves,' -
£& BjpBWK^ powders or other local applications. S. S. S. restores the
. _ deteriorated blood, to its ; normal condition, stimulates the
sluggish organs, and all 'Uie waste matter iseliininated : -^-+- '— ' _ ;" : *C*
through the proper channels. ¦ S. S, S. makes the'Y^^ 'Vc^\ /^N
blood rich and strong^ and under its tonic and invigo- -^^j\4 V^^V ; ¦
rating effects the general .health 'improves, and • the K^Q ] K^M . K^D*J ;
skin becomes . soft and. smooth again; " » y *¦'.;¦'• ¦'^»^; *^«^^^W w^k
,S. S. S. contains no minerals but is guaranteed purely .vegetable^ -
Write us if you need .medical advice;, this: will cost you nothing."
. Illustrated book on skin diseases sent free. \ - sT ; <" r
I v ' - ; - -.-•': THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO^Atlantei^lav
PAINE'S CELEB. Y COMPOUND.
Paine's Celery
Compound
*'[ .Will Secure for Yon the
Health That Otlier Medicines
3 • -Cannot Give.
IT STANDS FIRST AND HIGHEST
j IN PUBLIC ESTIMATION. .
! ThrUseof One Bottle Convinces the
1 Skeptic and Unbeliever.
i •
I The tone, character. «¦# quality of tho
testimonials published in favor of Paino'a
t Celery Compound have .firmly established
» its pesition in the homes of all intelligent
: atid thoughtful people.
Paine's Celery Compound has always
appealed to the sick and Suffering with
honest statements and. solid facts. Some
I doubters^with honest purpose— have tak-
' en the trouble to write to, and in many
cases have interviewed the writers of
• published testimonials. In every case
they have been thoroughly satisfied, and
convinced that Paine's Celery Compound
effected cures that were marvelous, as-
» tonishing. and happy.
Paine's Celery Compound claims a field
, not successfully filled by any other rem-
edy known to medical science. It is the
medicine on which the poor, disappointed ¦
1 sufferer can rely after, all other medicines
« tail, when doctors give the patient up
• as incurable.
i , To the weak, debilitated, nervous, brok-
t en down, and despondent, Paine's Celery
Compound gives a, new and joyous ex-
' istence. - It strengthens the digestive
1 powers, renews the blood, and acts in
; the vitalizing, curative, thorough manner
that makes it* the grandest help to suf-
' ferlng men and women that the world of
medicine affords. The best test that can
. bo applied to Paine's Celery Compound is
. tu use It. ¦ •
RTiMAN'T) T1YFS True to nam « a" 3 coio*.
lllAiUUilll 1IIL3 Nothing: can equal them.
Dl Lyon's
PERFECT
ji.Tooth Powder
I ! Used by people of refinement
for over a Quarter of a century.
UNITED STATES BRANCH. '¦;» .
STATEMENT
- — OP THE — -
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
CofflmercialUnion
Assu&Ai[ciEr:ccilHPANrV/;v :
r\T LOXDok. EJVGLAND.'ON' THB-3TST
V»Jay of Dumber; A. r>. 1301. and for th*
5"*' ending on that day, as. made to -the In. ,
surance Commlagtoner of the State of Califor-
nia; pursuant to the provisions. of sections 610
and 611 of the Political Code; condensed as per
Wank furnished by the Commissioner: - ; --•
¦1 ., , CAPITAL.
capital ; $12,500 000 00
Amount of Capital Stock, paid vr> tVW w
»a Cash 1.250.000 00
ASSETS. , ~
Keal Estate owned by Company.. 88S.I48 69
Loans on Bond* and Mortgages.. 232,300 CO
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company. J.S11.383 00
Cash In Company's Ofttce 3.984 11
Cash Jn Banks 405.8s i 20
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and toa M v 1,188 66
interest due and accrued on Bonds • •
and Mortgages ' ' 4 ogq h
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion ; 5S6.9S3 10
Bills receivable, not Matured.
_ taken for Fire and Marine Bisks 6.282 IS
Rents due and accrued T.701 43
Total Assets $3.9TS.O95 S3
? LIABILITIES. ~ " ~~"~
Leases adjtisted and unpaid $116,720 00
Losxes in process of Adjustment
or In- Suspense 265,965 00
losses resisted, including ex- •
pensea .: 2S.5CO CO
Orosn premiums on Fire Risks. •¦ ¦ ¦•
running one year or less $2.-
113,221 31; reinsurance 50 per
„ c<nt 1.056,610 63
Gross premiums on Fire Risks
running more than one year.
$2,030,181 9O: reinsurance pro ! ¦ *
_ r * t » • .; 1.CS7.535 37
Gross premiums on Marine and
Inland Navigation Risks $70.-
049 77; reinsurance 100 per cent. 70, W9 77
Gro33 premiums on Marine Time
Risks, $46,027 57: reinsurance
50 per cent 23.013 73
Amount reclalmable by the in- •
Bured on perpetual fire insur- • .
»* KCe P<>Uc«es 100,205 62
JL oihfiT demands against the
Company 110,347 07
Total Liabilities $2,838,968 4fl
INCOME. ''
Xet cash actually received tor
Fire premiums Z.... $2,705,619 29
Net cash actually received . for .
Marine premiums 173,604 80
Received for interest on Bonds
and Mortgages .,.. 11,264 26
Received for . Interest and divi-
dends on Bonds. Stocks. Loans, • •
and from all other sources 71.750 00
Received for Rents ,. 21.283 24
Total Income $2,883,021 68
EXPENDITURES. ~~*
Net amount paid for Fire Losses S£s$il
(including $ losses
of previous years) $l,81«,802 20
iNet amount paid for Marine
Losses (Including $ -
lorses of previous years) „ . 65. 390 62
Paid or allowed for Commission -
or . Brokerage ..." S54.SO7.34
Paid for Salaries, Fees, and other ¦ .
charges for officers, clerks, etc.. 143.587 23
Paid for State. National and Lo- : ¦ :
ca! taxes , 80,944 63
All other payments and expend!- " "/ ->,.
tures ".....'....: 161.498 68
. T Total Expenditures : : . • S2.822.93O 7»
j Lo»ngs Incurred during the year. ,'$1.962;538 82
; Risks and Premiuma. Fire Risks. -Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
I written, during the
I year $353,263,746 $3,777,479 04
Net amount of. Risks ' ,-¦
expired during the n v •'•'. •
yar • •". 341.333.434 3,444.072 St
Net amount In force -.•'-¦.• -
December 31. 1901. 409.197.928 4,143.403 21
Risks and Premiums. Mar. Risks. Premiums.
Kct amount of Risk*
written during the
y«ar ; . . . . .1 $47.852.1S0r $250,408 45
Net amount of Risks f
expired during' the)
year 46.248,084 2P0.753 61
Net amount In force I
December 31. lOOl.f .3.384.858 82.306 84
o_Lllv 1 A. H. WRAT. Maaager.
Sobwsribed and sworn to before me ihis 22J
day of March. 1902.
MICHAEL J. QUINN. Notary Public
Pacific Coast Branch
416-418 California St.,
San Francisco.
E. T. NIBBLING, C. F.MULUNS,
„ Asst. Manager. ¦„'.:- Muafisr.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
How to buy furniture
and carpets
without ready
money liliftlSIll
.•¦; , ¦ o- \ i — • — ; • '"' ¦
¦'.. ¦•'; ;v- *;: -We will loan you the money for a regular banking
• • rate of interest — six per cent. ' And you can pay us
back little by little in unfelt amounts. Then you can
¦ «. go to one of the first-class furniture stores, with whom
,, we have made special arrangements, where the stock is
big and fresh and where satisfaction is certain, and
when you have made your selection you can pay your
' < bilHn full with good, hard cash.
•.. . ; . Isn't this better than buying in the installment stores
and being compelled to select your goods from smaller
and inferior stocks?.
The installment stores charge you ten per cent
. above their cash prices when you ask for long credit.
All you pay us is six per cent.
For example: If your purchases amount to $10000
f . - we will charge you $106.00— Which is. a six .per cent
• ' '. advance; then you pay us $20.00 cash and the^balance
. , , in monthly payments amounting to $8.60 each month
If your purchases amount to $75.00 we will charge you
. . . " $79-5°; you make us a. cash payment on this of $1500
. / and pay the balance at the easy rate v - of $61.45 per
¦': 'J '. . . month. . . ' ' .
You save four, per cent. You have the great privi-
lege of buying in a first-class store, and yet you get
all the advantages of the easy payment plan as offered
' 'by the installment houses f
• No amount of money is too small for us to loan.
Worth looking into, don't you think? 7*^-;
.¦.':,.- 6- — : — ¦ — ¦' '^
|; Goulds Svllivan & Co.^
Room 1403 "Call" Building,
TcL John 2336. V Corner Market and Third Sti*
J^TOU COULD ASKFQR
: '/'¦¦ - ¦ ,, )..,', ....... ;¦•¦:•¦ .¦ . . ' : . 7!" - , r I
¦ Burfei. bath . barbeir - sKop, library. ladies*
drawing* room cozicK.clvib coaclvi^ '
i dihiT^ coach VobfieryatioH coacK ibestr v
service ao><i cuisine in Americ<i,mg>st
beaoitifSii scervery irv tKe world, coih-
rortable arid speedy travel . -< :. :*< -<jf i
City Ticket Office 644 Market St.
/ T ** -;.¦/-; I . " ._---—¦ . — " * '
, DR. PIERCE'S REMEDIES.
.. The first necessity of athletics is a
tound stomach. Food is the source of
all physical strength, but to extract and
assimilate the strength from food requires
that the stomach and other organs of
digestion and nutrition should be in a
condition of good health. What is true
of the athlete is true of every mat) and
woman; physical health and vigor de-
fend upon the digestion and a-ssi'miia.
tion of food.
I Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery
cures diseases of the stomach and other
organs of digestion and nutrition, and
by enabling the perfect digestion and
assimilation of food, builds the body up
with solid flesh and muscle.
' . « I used ten bottles erf Dr. Pierre's Golden Med-
lca.1 Discovery and several vials of his ' Pleasant
Pellets • a year ajfo this spring:, and have had no
/ .trouble with indigestion since," writes Mr. W. T.
Thompson, of Townsend, Broadwater County.
Montana. "Words fail to tell how thankful I
*m for the relief, as I had suffered so much and
It seemed that the doctors could do me no good.
. I fjot down in weight to 135 pounds, and was not
able to work at all. Now I weirii nearly 160
and can do a day's work on the farm. I "have
recommended your medicine to several, and
thall always have a good word to say for Dr.
Pierce and bis mediane*," ;
The Common Sense Medical Adviser,
X008 large pages in paper covers, is sent
free on. receipt of 21 one-cent stamps to
ey .expense, of .mailing, only.
;. R; V. Pierce. Buflalo, N. Y. : ! 5
INCOMPETENCE
1b not one of the. .failings of those In our
employ, therefore we never have to make
excuses for bad work. When linen leaves
aur hands It Is cleaned properly and fin-
ished perfectly and delivered promptly. If
you still cling: to out of date methods, re-
form and try the ¦*."-
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office IOO4- Market Street. "
Telephone— South 42O.
Oakland Off Ice— 54 San Pablo Ave,
fhlt signature Is on evejy box of the genuine
Laxative Bromo-Quinine Tabieu „
th-j remedy that cores a eold in on© 4v<The college Is now, as ever, a school of cul
ture. It alms to make j wise, sane, well
rounded men who know something of the bes>t
that men have thought and done In this world.
In v the movements of events the American
university unites in itself three different func
tions—that of the college, that of the profes-'
tional school and that which is distinctive of
the university. ' M - . ' ; . < .j •
•With the end of our republic's' first century'
we had the -first clear ; vision' of the greatest
of republican Institutions — the American • uni
versity.. It was even then a vision. It is not
yet realized, but we know -something of -what
it is to be. •:•¦">¦ ¦; .- ' -¦¦
.The roll of the alumnlof.our university now
numbers more than 1600 names. The roll ia a
roll of honor, and to this list to-day ;as:you'th
of promise, young men -and, young' women' of
the republic, the Leland Stanford. Junior Uni
versity is slad- and proud' to, add your names
aa well, confident that. 1 in .-.the days to come
your alma mater shall be elad and -proud to
say, "These, too, are. my children.' 1 ',--:•-• -
Professor Augustus Taber Murray, head
of the Greek .' department, the,
commencement address, taking as .his sub
ject "A Parallel and a Lesson," and com
paring Grecian ideals with those- of- to
day. - :••¦• ¦¦.«'•*¦ c ¦ : '<- i "'¦'-¦; ¦¦:.'¦/•./".¦ •¦.¦•.;¦.'
President Jordan; \ in his J address to ; the
graduating class, spoke on 4 "The' Building
of a University.'-' He related the past ex
periences of different- colleges in their up
building and, of college' ideals. iDr. Jordan
said, in part: --- 't /' I. " . -* ' ;
•.The eleventh annual commerfceraent ex
ercises were held 'in the Assembly Hall,
beginning at 10:30 o'clock with .an 'over
ture, "The Bohemian Girl," ;by • the uni
versity orchestra. ..The'.K other V musical
numbers' on' the programme " were "¦ two
solos, "Abide f With «Me"> - andX "Just t for
To-Day," -by Miss Edith; Hanks;. a cornet
solo, "The Lost Chord,?, by- A. :E. Lee;
'03, and a^ rendition of Hay's'"Ricordan
za," by the orchestra.. The invocation was
given by Rev. Mr. Jenness ofPalo Alto,'
and the benediction by Rev. ; Mr. -'Brown,
the father-in-law of Registrar Elliott. ,' bi
The graduating students marched down
the main aisle of the Assembly, Hall in
double columns and /were assigned 'seats
directly' in front of., the. stage.- Whenthe
degrees were conferred- the students were
called upon the stage, one department' at
a time. Registrar- Elliott presented them
with the sheepskins: '¦?.:.: •.-'.'..».
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, . May 28.-7
For ISO of Stanford's young men and wo-,
men undergraduate days ! are "over. This
morning they were" presented, with their
sheepskins, certifying that they, have be
come bachelors of arts.' % J
President Jordan's Address
Treats of ; University
;,¦-¦¦¦ Ideals. •
Sheepskins Are Gjven to
the Graduates at
Stanford. -^
STUDENTS GET
THEIR DEGREES
and . whose - lives will .) be t the better for this
knowledge.-: ¦ ¦ ¦. ., ¦-[- ~
' -We find that it Is safe 'in the main to trust
the : choice of studies to the student himself.
The very fact of choice Is In Itself an educa
tion. -It is better to choose wronK, sometimes,
as we do a hundred times lnf life, 'than to be
arbitrarily directed to the best selection. More
over, so ¦ far as culture Is concerned, the best
teacher Is more important than the best stfidy.
'Higher .education has been denned as that
training which demands that a man should
leave. home. It means a breaking of the lead
ing- strings. It means the entrance to another
atmosphere. ' - . • • ,. ¦ ¦
'The- second function cf the university is that
of- professional training:. To the man once
In the path of culture this school adds ef
fectiveness in his chosen calling. - •
The real university is a school of research:
That we possess the university spirit is our
only excuse that we adopt the university name.
A true university is not a collection of col
leges. It is not a' college with an outer fringe
of .professional schools.- It is not a cluster of
professional schools. It Is the association of
scholars. It Is the Institution from which in
everyJ direction >• blazes the light of original re
search. No Institution can be college, profes
ti on school -and university all in one and exer
cise all these functions fully In the four years
which form the traditional college course. ( -.
-But this we can do in tha four years of col
lege culture: -" We can show the student the
line 'of his professional advancement, and can
see him* well started in its direction before he
has taken his first degree. ;". ;
-By limiting the range of individual training
• The purpose of 'the amendment is to ex
clude-from ;the proposed 'amnesty those
naturalized American citizens who might
be released under the bill fend might still
continue to reside in Cuba. ' -
¦ The House has voted to fix the salary of
the President >of the republic at $25,000 a
year and that of members of Congress at
$3600. — ¦-¦-¦-_¦• (, ... , --. ¦ -,.\
President Palma's message to Congress
was ] read to-day. Much scandal has
arisen ¦'¦ from the fact that this message
was published here last night before it
had "been- delivered to Congress. To-day
the : House passed a resolution to the ef
fect that It considered the premature pub
lication of the message a discourtesy on
the part of President Palma.
/HAVANA,' May 28.— The House of Rep
resentatives has reconsidered the bill
whlch^ provided' amnesty .for Americans,
who i were under . sentence or in jail in
Cuba and passed, an amendment which
provides v that amnesty be granted to na
tive-born Americans only. In this form
the bill was sent to the Seate. .
House c| of \ Representatives
Fixes Salary of the .
, : i0' Executive. . '
Premature Publication of
Palma's Message
; Censured.
CUBANS WROTH
AT PRESIDENT
Continued from>Page Two.
SENATOR Mil SCORES A TRIUMPH " tH THE CLEVELAND CONVENTION.
•"The Cuban reciprocity bill has passed
the House and it will pass the Senate or
The feature of the convention was tha
strong Roosevelt sentiment. The friends
of Bailey controlled the convention from
the start and began with electing as tem
porary chairman George E. Cole. In re
sponse to a general demand Congressman
Long 1 , one of the leaders of the fight, in
the House for Cuban reciprocity; made a
speech in which he said: - > , ,
WICHITA, Kans., May 28.— The Repub
lican State Convention to-night nominated
the following: ticket: Governor, ex-Con
prressrnan William J. Bailey of Bailey ville;
Lieutenant Governor, . D. J. Ilanna, Hill
City; Secretary of State, Joseph R. Bur
row, Smith" Center; Auditor, Seth G.
Wells, Erie; Attorney General. C. C. Cole
man, Clay Center: Supreme Justices, six
year term, H. S. Mason of Garden City,
J. C. Pollock of Wlnfield and A. L. Greene
of Newton;- Supreme- Justice, four-year
term, A. H. Ellis of Belolt: Supreme Jus
tice, two-year term, E. W. Cunningham
of Kmporla;, Congressman-at-large, C. A.
Scott of Iola. - .
man Bailey for Governorship.
Republicans Name. Former Congress-
NOMINATIONS IN KANSAS.
At the conclusion of Senator Hanna's
speech there was another demonstration.
After the adoption of the eaple as the
party emblem, the State^convention was
authorized to fill all vacancies and the
convention adjourned. . -
I believe in organized labor and I believe in
organized casltal as auxiliary. These 'two
great forces are working out the destinies of
the country. They. must be ably arid honestly
administered and they must be controlled. Our
prospects are bright, and as I have said be
fore, we have entered uuon this contest full of
hope because we are right, v and we will get
there. .
My friends, as we enter upon this contest
In our State let us remember our martyred
President, and inspired by the policies to. which
he had devoted his life, which has made this
country great and prosperous, let his spirit
guide us, and under that inspiration let us go
forward, every man, with a determination to
vindicate these policies. A new era is dawn
ing upon this country. Our great development
has reached a point that has placed us in the,
fronx rank of nations, not only by the power
and weirht of our affairs, but also we have,
become the greatest manufacturing and Indus*
trial nation of- the world. That development is
a natural consequence of the evolutions that!
are going on. Labor and canltal are approach
ing each other in the proper spirit. \ '
Weighing everything in the balance arid
praying to hia own highest authority—God
he came to the conclusion that the best thing
for us and for them was that we i micht ex
tend to them all the blessings of a free sov
ernment, controlled by a power which knew
what free governmesit meant. : That ' was -a
policy born of the best thought and the best
efforts that could be exercised fqr the- good of
those people who had come into our hands, and
without the aid of a party that" had much to
do wfth bringing on the war with Spain tor
the elevation of their race and the'sarearr of
Christian morality. That was the Inspiration
of McKinley; that was the motive. of all the
people of the United States. > When, as a "re
sult of that policy, we are confronted -with the
conditions that we find to-day, shall we fol
low the issues that prompted - .the prejudices
of a' party to thwart us in the work of, hu
manity and Christianity? i Never.; In;' the
words of Roosevelt, "Our flag is there, and it
will stay r>ut." • ".' • .' \ •; -¦•. '¦'¦
Of course, as in all campaigns,, there are
Issues which the Democratic party is trying
to make for us upon national questions. . They
have talked in the halls of Congress for days
and weeks upon a question which the Republi
cans of the United States settled last year,
but w« can pardon them, for it is all they
have left. But how are they making this
issue? Standing before the American people
and proclaiming that the policy of President
McKinley was wrcng — morally wrong. :
. Why, Republicans of Ohio, I blush.- to . have
to say that it seems to me almost art insult to
his memory that such thirds could tx said
upon the floor of the United States, -Senate
against a man whom not only the- Republicans
of Ohio but the Republicans of the natlen wor
ship. Shame upon a i>arty that will attempt
to bring that name in disrepute and dishonor,
through his policies Inaugurated, as they were.
In the interest of humanity. Those of us who
were close to him during those trying day<?,
when new questions came up, well knew how.
he wrestled with them prayerfully and intelli
gently that he might do what was be«t for
those people on the other side of. the world. ;••
interest in this campaign because we are called
upon to vote for members of Consress.- who
shall support our strenuous President during
the balance of his administration. .
There has been consideration of State affairs,
especially of the work done by the legisla
ture of cur State, which will appeal to the peo
ple interested in sound, economic government,
snd will also aDpeal to those who 'iave . felt
the burden "f taxation snd have sought relief
and found it. There are questions of great
Mr. Chalnnaa and Fellow Reuublicans: I
thank you most heartily for this cordial- re
ception and congratulate you most heartily
«pon the success of this convention. The can
didates you have . nominated will receive the
unanimous support of the Republicans of Ohio.
Your sneakers. Governor Nash and Congress
man Groavenor. have Bounded the keynote of
this campaign, one on behalf of the Stave and
one on behalf of the nation. These twin issues
vill meet together in a common cause and
r-reat* a force that will win victory. We had
a- motto In the last convention: . "Let well
enough alone." I propose to offer an. amend
ment to that. "Keep on letting well. enough
alone." -i ' .
ADDRESS BY HANNA.
There were loud and repeated calls for
Senator Hanr.a and the greatest demon
stration of the convention occurred as he
was being escorted to the platform. He
eald:
We proudly reaffirm our faith In all the great
cardinal principles of the Republican party,
and our allegiance to the declaration adopted
by the last Republican national convention and
to the candidates named by this convention we
pledge our loyal support.
In a Government like ours there is no place
for anarchy, and we demand that Congress en
act stringent laws against attempts on • the
life of the Chief Magistrate, or of any person
In the line of succession. A murderous ' attack
' on the President Is &, blow struck at the Gov
ernment Itself and should be punished aa
treason is punished. Our laws guarantee lib
erty of speech and of the press, but afford no
license for the teachings or practice of an
archy. We also denounce lynchings and all
forms of mob violence.
The American army has taken up a work
of establishing order and maintaining authority
In the distant Philippines, and while we deplore
end severely condemn any instances of cruelty
¦which may have occurred, we remember that
cur soldiers are fighting a barbarous and
treacherous foe. who have often inflicted most
Inhuman and revolting atrocities upon their
prisoners. It is the nation's army, drawn from
•very section of -the country, knowing no-poli
tics nor creed, but fighting the nation's battles
under tbe nation's flag, and we resent with in
dignation recent Democratic efforts to drag Its
honor In the dust and to cast reproach on its
fair name. ... .> .
PROGRESS IN" PHILIPPINES.
TVe congratulate the President and the army
tipon the satisfactory progress made in the
Philippines in suppressing insurrection and es
tablishing order, and we unqualifiedly indorse
the policy of our Government in those islands.
The war with Spain was forced upon us against
cur will, and the Philippines came to us as
one of the results of that conflict. We are re
sponsible for peace and order in the islands and
our sovereignty must be as absolute as our
responsibility. Our title to the islands is as
perf ect as was that of Spain after nearly 400
years of undisputed possession. We will give
their people better government, better schools,
niore civil and political rights, and a higher
civilization and broader freedom than is pos
sible for them In any other way. Our flag is
la tbe Philippines, and there it will remain.
Additions to our territory since 1897 have
been fully Justified, both by improved condi
tions In the islands themselves and the im
proved commercial relations between them and
the United States. These islands will not be
exploited for the sain of adventurers, but will
be developed for the "mutual benefit pf their
own people and honest investors, and will In
time make the United States a complete com
mercial entity, capable of producing within its
own area practically all the articles required
for the daily life and comfort of man.
concessions upon American products, so as to
benefit the trade of both countries and to fully
and generously carry out every obligation of
our national honor, whether expressed or im
plied.
We congratulate the new republic of Cuba
upon the final fruition of the hopes and strug
g-les cjfttfr pepple for freedom and independ
ence, jfejt^efcojo* her to the family of na
tions. * fcy# wish her success and prosperity,
peace and happiness. For such part as we. as
a nation, have had in assisting her to achieve
Independence, we a?k no guerdon rave that
v.hlch we have — l\ie gratitude of a. fre« people.
Furthermore, we believe it is due alike to Cuba
and to ourselves that, in accordance v.ith th*
republican principle! of reciprocity, proper and'
reasonable trade concessions shall be - made
by our Government to Cuba, in return fpr her
la now being vigorously upheld by a Republit
can administration in the prosecution of un
lawful combinations. Subsequent to the enact
ment of this law the Democratic party obtained
control of both branches of Congress and the
Presidency. It constantly asserted hostility to
trusts, but failed to place upon the statute
books a single line of legislation which would
aid in their control.
If it doesn'f work well a little adjusting
may be all that it requires, which we can
do without charge. We are selling agents
f of Waterman's Ideal and 'Swan Fountain
pens, and sole agents for r the : Marshall,
the .best $1* pen in the world. - Sanborn,
Vail & Co., 741 Market st. ¦ •
How. Is Your, Fountain Pen P
Memorial Services for Corrigan.
ROME, May 28.— Impressive funeral ser
vices in memory of the late Archblshop-
Corrlgan of New York were held to-day
In the Church of Jesus. The United States
Embassy. was represented by Secretary
L. M. Iddings and the Pontifical court by
the Archbishop of Trebizonde and another
.prelate. Bishop Maes of Covlngton -Ky "
celebrated the mass, assisted by Monsignor
Kennedy, rector of the American College
here. The Roman aristocracy was repre
sented by Princes Colonna and Riposolijn:
NEW YORK, May. 28.— "Tops," a fe
male elephant of the 'Forepaugh & Sells
circus, killed Joseph Blunt of Fort
Wayne, Ind., to-day at the show -grounds
in Brooklyn. It la customary for the ele
phants to put out their trunks as the
keepers make their first • rounds in the
rooming to "shake hands." When "Tops"
proffered her trunk Blunt carried 'a beer
glass and shoved it at the animal. Th»
act offended the beast, and in an instant
she. seized, the man with her trunk
hurled him violently to the ground and
kneeling on him, crushed out his life '
Eastern Circus Loses His
v • ¦ Life. ' - - .
Keeper of a Vicious / Animal in an
ELEPHANT IN RAGE
. CRUSHES HIM TO DEATH.
WASHINGTON, May 28,-The Senate
Committee on Territories to-day decided
by a formal vote against fixing any- time
f ° r . the consideration- of the omnibus
statehood bill, providing for the admission
of Oklahoma, New -Mexico and Arizona
into the Union. • .
Statehood Measure Must Wait
WASHINGTON,, May 28.-The Presi
dent to-day sent the following nomina
tions to the Senate: Melling Grigsby
South Dakota, United Spates Attorney
for the District of Alaska. Postmasters-
Washington-Fred Miller. Oaksdale Cali
fornia-John E. Reynolds' Redding; John
E. Frew. Soldiers' Home; Thomas T. Dar
gie. Oakland; Frank E. Cushing, Red
/Nominations by the President.
; ; Army orders announce that First Lieu
tenant Christopher a Collins, assistant
Burgeon, is relieved from duty at the gen
eral hospital,. Presidio of San Francisco,
and ¦ ordered to the -Philippines. First
Lleutenant'Elmer A. Dean, assistant sur
geon, now. at San Francisco, is assigned
to duty at the general hospital. Presidio.
San Francisco: First Lieutenant Otto B
Grilm stepa* corps, now at Fort Mc-
Dowell, California, is ordered to the Phil
ippines. Captain Edward T. Gibson, as
sistant surgeon, is relieved from the
transport Crook and assigned to duty in
b v,^ 1^ 11^ 8 - • Cwtaln William D.
Buch, Mnth Cavalry, now at San Fran
cisco, is ordered to Fort Leavenworth,
Kansas. . » . . '
. These pensions were granted: California
..-^-Original— Francis Bocle, Santa Cruz, $10;
John W. Wells, Folsom City, $6; Henry
Francois, Vallejo, $6; Joseph Burt, San
Francisco, $S; Henry W. Muzzell; Santa
Barbara, $8. War with Spain— William
Jones, Soldiers' Home, Los Angeles, $10.
Increase— Edgar M. Prindle, Monrovia, $9;
Nelson H. Corp, Los Angeles, $10; Charles
S. Shaw; Soldiers' Home, Los Angelas,
$10; Nathan Talbert, Cupertino, $8; Wil
liam F. Shook, Grass Valley, $6.Widows—
Sarah Cecelia Frederickson. Gilroy, $8.
Mexican :' War— Lydla Emeline Inwood,
San Francisco, $8.
; Oregon^-Orlginal— Christian L, Scheren,
Rockwood, $8. Increase— Hiram E. Rice
Springfield, $12. ' ,
WASHINGTON, May 28.-The Postofflce
Department to-day announced: Postofhee
established: Washington— Garners,: Clarke
County. Postofflces discontinued June 30:
Washington— Greenwood, Whatcom Coun
ty, mail to Lynden, superseded by rural
free delivery June 30. Califotnia— Easton,"
Fresno County, mall to Oleander. Post
master commissioned: ' Washington—Beu
lah J. Atherton, Garners.
issued.
Changes Made in the Postal Service
V - and More New Pensions?.:^ *
OF. INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF • THE PACIFIC COAST
there will > be an' extra session of ' Con
gress. If_t>ere Is an extra session my
friends in the Seventh District must pre
pare to fake care of my campaign, for we
will stay there until it has passed ( and
President Roosevelt, our leader now -and
ouv leader in 1904—." He got no further.
The convention cheered and cheered again
and azaln.
- NAPLES, May 28. — The United States battle
ship Illinois and the cruisers Chicago and, Al
bany aailed.from this port to-day. Their da*»
tlnatlon was not announced. ... .
Your First Duty to Yourself
la to look after your own comfort. The com
fortable trains of the Nickel Plate Road. Chi
cago to New York and Boston, carrying Nickel
Plate dining cars^n Which are served Ameri
can Club meals at from 35c to $1 eaca, always
please the traveling public JAY W. ADAMS.
P. C.P. A.. 37 Crocker building. Saa Fran
cisco, Cal. ; ;-' .
CHICAGO, May 28.— If the four great
packing concerns ' at the . Union Stock
yards shall not yield to the demands of
the striking ' teamsters within a short
time it may result in a general stoppage
of 40,000 employes at the yards. Already
several hundred persons have quit. The
situation is becoming so involved that It
apparently will be impossible for the
union men to remain at work much
longer without violating the rules of the
Chicago Federation of Labor, under
which they hold charters.
A strike among the beef butchers or
hog butchers, or any other set of men
men upon whom hundreds of other* are
dependent, would cause a complete tie
up in every branch. This is said to-be
not unlikely, because in many instances
union men nave been asked to do the
work of the strikers and have been dis
charged upon refusing. Furthermore,
union men are forbidden to handle goods
that have been prepared by non-union
labor, and it is said to bo nearly imprac
ticable for the men to continue without
doing this. - . -
Conferences between several of the
firms and representatives of the union
were held this afternoon In an effort to
adjust the. trouble, but the packers re
fused to concede any of the demands of
the strikers, and the probability of an
early settlement seems as remote a3 on
the first day of the tie-up. To-nlgnt 225
box-makers . employed by the National
Box Company's plant at Thirty-eighth
street and Center avenue struck because
they had been asked to furnish boxes to
the packers against whom the teamsters
are struggling.
The American Express Company re
fused to-day to handle meat because or
the fear that its drivers, who are mem
bers of the Teamsters' Union, would
strike if asked to haul meat.
The great university of the future will ba
the one which does well whatever it under
takes, be it . high or low. Better have few
departments, very few. . than that any should
be weak and paltry. . Better few students well
taught than many neglected.
The college course should have a little of the
professional spirit for Its guidance, a little of
the university spirit for its inspiration; the
best interests of all three will keep them In
th>> closest relation to each other.
¦ It should be broad - enough and thorough
enough to develop cultured manhood, and . at
tho same time to furnish the' strength needed
to reach this filial. ; ' ' . •
Th~c best education for any man with brains
and character should Involve these tRree ele
ments :
It should have the final goal In view as soon
as possible. •
After submitting meekly to the decrees
of the Dawson authorities for several
months, the gamblers have attempted to
reopen their games in spite of the* police:
About a month ago several upstairs re
sorts were opened, all kinds of gambling
games being started, from black jack to
draw poker and faro. The police deter
mined to put a stop to this a week later,
and the result was, that several houses
were raided, but the' gamblers decided 'to
fight it out in court. The usual proof was
submitted, .but to the surprise of every
one the gamblers gained the day. on the
ground that It was not shown that money
changed hands or was even in sight. Now
the games are running full, blast.
to a few things done thoroughly It is possible
to i give even the ' undergraduate some touch
of real . university method, some knowledge of
how truth is won. To accomplish this is one
vital part of the university's duty. It welds
together the three functions of a university,
and In so doing it will give tbe American uni
versity its most characteristic feature.
The clean-up la further advanced to-day
than ever before at this time of year and
results were | never more satisfactory.
Some of the largest nuggets ever found in
the Klondike have been taken out of the
lower bedrock on El Dorado. Officiate of
the Gold Commissioner's office estimate
the season's output at from $23,000,000 to
$26,000,000. \ . ¦ -- .;. .
DAWSON, May 28.— Twer more steamers
left last night for up-river, points, crowded
with passengers who are in . a hurry to
reach the outside. Other boats from now
until the end of the week will.be crowded
and the spring- exodus seems to be well
started. ' . . ¦ . ',":•'•
Season's Gold Yield in the
Klondike Is Estimated at
$26,000,000.
Forty Thousand Men May-
Soon Be Compelled .to
Ceass Work.
Labor Trouble in Chi
cago-Promises Se
rious Results.
Miners Crowd All Ves
sels Steaming From
Dawson.
T REASU R E-LAD EN
SHIPS DEPARTING
PACKERS DEFY
THE STRIKERS
THE- SA^ KK^NCISGQ GXtL, THURSDAY, 29, 1902^
3
Established 1823.
Uifll QnlM
WS 1 BB W W l«
That s All I
¦SAKE JOSEPH, Repretciitative. SW Battery Street. Saa Francisco..
ADVERTISEMENTS.
W^^^^^mi ; : -^cts Berxef iciall^:
TW^^^^^^^^j'I A ctsSLlrxi 'y :as><a -^ aiXa^ iver#
*'¦{/>%¦ S^v'-" : >/.;-^^^^M^^^' : V / ' Syrup of Figs appeals to the cultured and the
J^ •H/j'i^'fJ'ieX' • ~^*&m^ / well-informed and to the healthy, because its corh-
j£r-C\ J\ a^^^^^^^^P^ /- po.nent parts, are' §|mple and wholesome 'and be-;'
<./^-J^J^^^^^^^^^>^J cause it acts without disturbing the natural f unc-
/{/^!^^^^^^^^^^^?^^^^v tions, as it is wholly free from every objectionable
u ' j^0^^^^^ "•¦'•¦¦ quality or substance. In the process of
/. >¦*<& ¦¦ %: -^^^^^^P \^^fi,wTO» manufacturing figs are used, as they are
¦''/ :^"^^^^^^^^^S^^r' '*$?ixs\ pleasant to the taste, but the medicinal
" " ; llP&ii& -^S^^^plil^ <tfpz%0* virtues of Syrup^ of Figs are obtained
fe^^^^^j^^p./i^^pp^^v .x^i^ r 'from an excellent combination of plants
" • $?Mm/ $M0* ' - known to be medicinally laxative and to
\^^^^^^^^^Ch'€ :^ /M^ J$0?' To get its beneficial effects— buy the
V^^P^^^^^Sb W\ t~J$8$ genuine— manufactured by the
y^i^0^ For £«!«. bv CkU drurfrfi'ats. Pricclfifty cents pef_ bottle.
§ | Stfrre Closed Friday— Memorial Day. |
i^^^k. ends; ; 5aturda^:iii^tit
" JfflIB >\S^^MM ilfl^i^fflffl^r'' ' T°" da y and Saturday are the only times you will have to purchase
«lHl«liPSHl'- one of these suits at § 7^°> for the sale ends Saturday night. The store
iiPfflftm wi!1 be closed Fridav » Dut t0 accommodate purchasers will remain open on
11i1§b1H y° u re fl uire anew suit, or will need one in a month or so, it will be
' -^Bi^BFj^^BmlMlwfe, \ well for you to improve this opportunity. The suits are $10 values, and the
value is apparent to any one seeing the style of the garments, the quality of
the material, the neatness of the patterns and the superiority of the work-
I Tne suits com^ in solid color ' fas ? bIue ser § es an d mixed patterns
'" :v -*^PlBH^HEiiw Tvll in tweeds and cneviots - The latter contain many light colored effects for
MliiiiilSlW if Every garment is union made, and this means that the work is done
illllSfi W I •!// ' under perfect sanitary conditions, which is of vast importance to you.
MiliWlilr/ ill " The suits are_guaranteed— any dissatisfied customer can have his money
- \\lll™lf/ I back * All clothing kept in repair free for a year. _•
: ifMil- ' it : s^'s tr o users jlR^iPil ¦
' u\il\lllf // will, continue until they are all sold;they are reguar JP-jE52#v\A
¦ .FulSlPi // $2. £0 values. They come in many different patterns. /mL^^^^^^^^s
1|1l Sailor suit sale
We. would like i'to^continue, this sale longer— it has brought us friends— but the
suits will be gone by Saturday night, in all probability. As the suits are unusual '^Wtm^^MjMmW^
values, we suggest. that you see them before the sale closes. You will-find that they I W^^^^^^^
are "the equal of suits you have paid $$ for. Our price js but \ -Wl^ffllMmtliSlii i
They are blue serges, tastefully trimmed with black or white soutache braid; \ ft |B|f|f lj|f§il f
•¦'• Boys' Furnishings . ¦ "a
Boys' pajamas - made of madras, various stripes, ages 6 Derby ribbed 1 underwear, natural, drawers "button on I jflMaB - \uWfl^
to 16 years, a suit. . . side, ages 3 to 8 years, oOc a suit. | |§BBBf \|Hfilf v
Three, thread knee and foot and four thread heel and toe Sanitary underwear, drawers button on side, ages 3 ] t'g|m «flil*
hosiery, fast black, sizes 6 to 10, 25c a pair. to 8 years/9 1 * 00 a siut. - : . _ !'!!;¦§? WP' :
Tan hose, light and dark shades, sizes 6 to 9, s5c a Blue derby ribbed underwear, ages 8 to 14 years. oOc |dg« U£
: /Boys' wash suits' in a number of materials; all prettily Balbriggan underwear, in ecru, ages 6 to 14 years, . ffiM 8S\\\\
trimmed, price 50c to $3.50 a suit. - - : ., . $1.OO a suit. . / ' " ; o ' '¦ »^ Mml ¦ Ml\v\-
Boys' sailor wash hats in many materials; very swell; Fine natural wool underwear, ages 8 to 14 years, $1.00 - JsMM A. i3ml\\
¦prices from 45c to ipi.5O. ..' "\..; ';,/.' ¦ a suit. ~ ' ¦ ' : - : - ' : '/ . "''¦'¦ M?k: £\\ -IHL\«
Boys' wash- caps, 25c to 45c. Natural wool sanitary underwear, covered seams, ages 4 Ju$j£KiJ}> '- J . O'
Boys' straw hats! different shapes, 5Oc to $1.50. to 14 years, $1.5O a suit. , /G&j&lr^ * 10/
Children's* all-wool^swcatcrSj'ages-iJ^.to 4'.years, 5Oc 'Shetland wool underwear, natural, ages'6 to 14, $2.00- |55p^^
, f ..free— Six beautiful lithographed pkstefs to every purchaser in the Boys\Department.r
new illustrated catalogue, "Attire w'/U wOii^/ u)| |1* • men's or boys' clothing, furnish-
foP;Manand : Boy."-' ¦. 4 . . . ' ;i -' ¦' ¦ >¦¦'¦' . : ¦¦¦ - ¦¦¦¦¦¦.¦ ¦ , -v- v ;-. ..""-•¦¦ "^^ ings or hats.
•::¦:,•¦:>:> •r/i-v:- ; 718 Market Street ¦-..-::. ' •:.• ¦. .. , .' ¦..JIMMIE BRITT WITH HIS PJET
DONKEY, AND THE MAN HE
FIGHTS TO-NIGHT.
boy of 22 years, who is a natural fighter.
He has gameness and hitting power alto
gether beyond his years and his stature.
He has conserved his vitality. These are
the qualities he depends upon to offset
the wider experience of his opponent, •
Britt has been installed a 7 to 10 favor
ite in the betting. These odds may shift
either up or down to-day, according- to
the volume of betting. Taking the show
ing of the two men with Hegarty they
are false odds, as Lavigne made much the
better showing against tne Australian, v
J. Carroll's Cascade vs. F. Jones' Lady New
ark; J. Kitchen's Honor Bright vs. E. Geary's
Roy Huchie; F. C. Mack's Delia M. vs. G.
Sharman T s Little Sister; R. Attrldge's Sofala
vs., CWarlnl Bros." Gambit. . . . ;:-; ¦-,
Sixth race, one and three-sixteenth miles,
selling — Chlckamauga- won, ' Sallnda second.
Miss Theresa third. Time. 2:02%. .
mary :
First race, six and a half furlongs — Baccle
won. Masterful second, Myrtle Dell third. Time,
1:23. k
Second race, five furlongs — Sheriff Bell -won.
Dr. Carr second. Sinner Simon third. Time,'
1:02. .
Third race, one mile — John McGurk won.
Judge Hargls second. Phosphorous third. Time,
1:42%. .
Fourth -race, six furlongs — Martin Burke
won, Renga W second. Restorative third.
Time. 1:16^4. .
Fifth race, four and a half furlongs^ — Queen
Beth -won, Euf alia, second, Nancy Blake third.
Time, :56%. '¦
Sixth race, six and a half furlongs — Silk
Cord won; Nugget .second. Eleven Bells third.
Time, 1:22%.
CHICAGO. May. 23.— Hawthorne summary :
First race, seven furlongs — Alan] won. Ethel
Wheat second, Carl Kahler third. Time,
1:2SH.
Second race, five .and a half furlongs — Ben
Chalice won, Pericles second, The Doa third.
Time. 1:08%. ' .
Third race,' one mile — Hermencla won, Prlma
II second, Lennep third. Time. 1:42%.
Fourth race, seven furlongs — Hoodwink won,
Otis second. Lucien Appleby third. Time, 1:28.
Fifth race, mile 'and an eighth — Domadge
woe C. B. Campbell second. Miracle II third.
Time, 1:57. •, ; : .:
¦ Sixth race, five furlongs — Belle Graham won,'
Pluck second, i Flo Carlln third. Time, 1 :02.
ST. LOUIS. May 28.— Fair Grounds -aum-
K'mary:'"~ ,- ¦"*.- m *j*;';" < *~' J ' •_-* •* | • "*- ••;--¦"• ¦
! 'First race, six furlongs, selling — Trio won,
Chanterelle second. Father "Wentker third.
¦Time,' 1:15. ". '
Second race, five and a half furlongs', purse,
two-year-olds— Lacy Crawford won, Happy
Chappy second. Fore and Aft third. Time,
.1:00%-. ;
Third race, hurdle, one and a fourth miles —
Eva Moe won; Sauben second. Pat My Boy
third. Time. 2:22.
Fourth race, one and a sixteenth miles, purse
— Lady Strathmore won. Found second. Peace
ful third. Time. 1 :47. -
Fifth race, one mtle. selling — Bacchus -won.
Blue Mint second, Lunar Minor third. Time,
1:42. . - s^>
NEW YORK. May 23. — Gravesend results:
First race, maiden two-year-olds, five fur
loners — Kittaning won, Africander second, Bai
kal third. Time. 1 :03 2-5. .
Second race, mile and seventy yards — Jack
Demcnd won, 'Wunderllch second. Lucky Star
third. Time. 1:41. -
: Third race, the Criterion stakes, for two
year-old ' fillips, five furlongs — Mamari won.
Bitrucia second, Martie Lewis third. Time,
1:03. : -
Fourth race, handicap, one and a sixteenth
miles— Hermls won. Himself second, Oom Paul
third. Time, 1:48 1-5. ...
Fifth race, about six furlong*, selling — Mof
okanta won, Early Eve second, .The Referee
third. . Time. 1:10 4-5.
Sixth rac*, about six furlongs — Connecticut
won. Frankfort second.' Whitecrest third. Time,
1:12 1-5.
'Seventh race, about six furlongs — Irene Und—
sey won, Thorneycroft second. Jack McGinnia
third. Time, 1:11 3-5. >.
CINCINNATI. O.. May 28.— Latonia sum-
Leads Out Bitrucia and Martie Lewis
at Gravesend — Results at Latonia,
Hawthorne and St. Louis..
MAMABI, A TT-AfMBTTBG FILLY,
CAPTURES THE CRITERION
The mother, Mrs. Minnie Cooper of this
city, immediately notified the authorities
and a search for the father and child
continued until late In the evening, when
it was learned that Cooper, had driven to
Bonnevllle and boarded the afternoon
eastbound Union Pacific train ea - route
for Pueblo. . •
Coopers were, married In this city
about ten .years ago. About three years
ago they agreed to live apart, the wife
to retain possession of the little girl un
til she had completed her education. Mrs.
Cooper will institute . proceedings to re
gain possession of the child.
SALT LAKE CltY, . Utah, May 26.—
.While on her way ' to school this morn
ins Florence Cooper, seven . years of
age. was kidnaped by her father, C. E.
Cooper of Pueblo, Colo*, and carried
away in a 1 carriage.
Open stake, sixty-four entries — P. Mullarky*s
-Mamie Pleasant, vs. Alameda Kennels' Harvey
M; F. A. McComb's Otto-vs; K. Geaj-y's Ire
land; E. Geary's Fenli vs. J. Sheridan's Forest
Queen; D. 1 Silva's Master Racket vs. ¦ J. Horn's
McHenry; . S, A! 3 Smith's Petronius ys.T.
Burke's Lbttfe W; E. Reddy's Full Moon vs.
C; O." Peterson's Silver Cloudy J.W. Fahey's
October-Lad.- vs. "J. R.,Rog:ers' 'Glaucus; Ala
meda Kennels' Melrose Lad vs. P. M. Clark
son's Golden Garter; P.. J. - Horgan'a Musket
vs; J. F. • Rogers' Arbaces; J. Regan's Menlo
'. Prince, vs. J. Trade's Belle ¦ Rocket; v P. M.
Clarkson's. Flower of Gold v«. W. J. Leonard's
Tom Hurlick; A. R. Curtis' Old Ironsides vs.
Pasha Kennels' Rural Artist; F. A. McComb's,
Motto vs. J. Dempsey's Jingle Bells; D. ' J.
Healey's . Fon'Glory vs. P. M. Clarkson"a
Prompto; L* M. Connell's Republic vs. F.
Jones' Tyrone Prince; F. Jones' Wedgewood
¦vs. E. Geary's Ruby Sankey; P. M. Clarkson'a
Miss Brummel Chiarinl Bros.'- Santonin;
P. Dillon's Challenger vs. Pasha Kennels'
Regal Attire; Pasha Kennels' May Htmpstead
vs. Alameda • Kennels' J. M. Bowhay; J. "R.
McCarthy's John Doe vs. W. Johnson's Articu
late; J. Seggerson's Gold Hill vs. J. Hurley's
Sugar Cane: L. M. Connell's Honest John vs.
. P. Doyle's Liberator; Yosemlte Kennels' Mose
vs. M. Nealon's Fred Freedom: "T. J. Cronln's
Tralee Boy vs. T. Maher's Bad. Boy; H. L.
Mehany's Roxana vs. Chiarlni Bros.' White
•Hat; M. Nealon's Pat Freedom vs. E. Geary's
Fannie Huehle; A. Vanderwhite's Lear' King
vs. G. Sharman's Sir Pasha; Aeneid' Kenneia'
;'May Morning vs. W. Creamer's 'Golden Age;
California coursing, committee stake,, sixteen
entries: G. Gassagne (names) Narcissus vs. P.
J. Rellly (names) Vandal; J. R. Dickson
(names) Palo Alto vs. E. E., Shotwell (names)
Game Boy; C. Chiarlni' s Dewdrop vs. Dr. F.
P. Clark (names), Rector; H. H. Lyon (names)
Fontenoy vs. H. Lonjeia - (nam^V Anchor; H.
A. Deckelman (names) Homer Boy vs. J. H.
Rosseter's Roman Athlete; Dr. E. ' J. Weldon
(names)' Sacramento Boy ,vs. W. M. Kent
(names) Aggie W; . D. Delury (names) Royal
Archer v*. R. K. Malcom (names) Aeolus; C.
W. Edgecombe (names) Real Article vsr. G.
MacE.-. Malcolm (names) Beacon.
Holiday special ' stake : Alameda Kennels'
Lottie M. vs. Pasha Kennels' May Hemp
stead; Chiarlni Bros.' White Hat vs. C. O.
Peterson's Lady Nellie; T. Cox's Crockett Hill
vs. P. M. Clarkson's Flower of Gold; P. M.
Clarkson's Prompto vs. G. Sharman's Little
Sister; E. Geary's Fannie Hughie vs.D. Dillon's
Challenger; J. F. Rogers' Glaucus, vs.' Chiarini
Bros.' Sempronius; S. A. Smith's Petronius
vs. S.- A. Hoffman's Jim Douglass; J. Hurley's
Sugar Cane vs. F. Rosenberger's Lady Chi
quita; F. S. Price's Forget vs. E. Geary's
Bonnie Hughie; A. R. Curtis' Fly. by Night
vs. P. M. Clarkson's Miss Brummel; G. Coombs'
Rustic Arbor vs. A. J. Ernst's Rich Argosy;
Pasha Kennels' Regal Attire vs. M. Nealon'a
Pat Freedom; P. C. Blick's Yellowtall vs. F.
C. Mack's Delia M; W. Johnson's "Articulate
vs. W. J. Leonard's Tom Hurlick; H. H.
Gray's Terronette vs; J. W. Fahey*s October
Lad; J. Hurley's Alfalfa vs. E. Reddy's Full
:Moon. ¦ ¦ ,' ¦¦ _.';,-,
Puppy stake, sixteen entries — A. R. Curtis'
Miranda vs. W. O'Brien's White Cap; Pasha
Kennels" Roblift's, Art vs. Homestead Kennels'
Maid of Terminus; J. Conway's Wing Wing
vs. Pasha Kennels': Royal. 'Acclaim; Aeneid
Kennels' Matters Much vs. Pasha Kennels'
Rustic Anna; A. McLeod's Money Musk vs.
A. R. Curtis' The Knocker; Chiarinl Bros.'
Cosette vs. E. Geary's Una; J. Conway's Hum
ming Bird vs. J. Regan's Flora Belle; G. Star's
Step On vs. A. Vanderwhlte's Hot Slugs.
Holiday reserve stake, thirty-two entries —
A. .McLeod's.. Pure Pearl vs. J. Field's Jolly
Jokes; F. Rbsenberjjer's Master Bly vs. E. Kil
patrick's Charming Queen; F.' A., MeComb'a
Motto vs. M. Grady's Real. Affected; II. L.
Mehany's Roxana vs. J. Maher's Emma M;
F. . Rosenberger's My Nell vs. Pasha- Kennels'
Lawrence; P. C. Blick's Advance Guard vs/
D. .Erskine's Lavender; T. Sjilli van's Vagrant
vs. A. McLeod'a Blonde Beauty ;• W. C. ¦ de B.
Lopez's Lady of the Lake vs. O. Prior's Nellie
Gray; J. McCormick's Black Daisy vs. M.
Nealon's Aeneas; P. J. Horganjs Partial
Eclipse vs. Pashfl.' Kennels' Reckless Admirer;
J. J. Edmonds* Morning Glory vs. • T. ' Jolley'a
Little May; A. Vanderwhlte's Scotch Reel vs.
T. Jolley's Toronto; W. Creamer's Golden- Age
.vs. P. J. Horgan's Peerless; J. M. Ray's Doria
vs. J. F. Rogers' Arbaces; F. C. Mack's Wood
cock Boy vs.- J. -Carroll's Lady Menlo; M. Neal
on's Fred Freedom vs. Pasha Kennels' Real
Aristocrat. . .- . ,\ ,. ¦¦
r-Qn the- : California' Coursing
Committee stake, valued at $1000, -will be
•the feature. The eight dogs beaten in the
lirst round will -meet in a consolation
stake. The card will be completed with
the remaining rounds of the open stake
and the puppy stake. The draw last
night resultea as follows: «. v ¦
On. Saturday one-round of 64-jdog stake
and ; one , round of ; a 16-dog puppy stake
will be run. ' . , ?> : "
There 'will be three days' coursing, at
Union "Parkithis week. For to-morrow,
DecorationVday, a. pair of 32-dog stakes
will j form - the card. There will .be no
special 'coursing , train, but .the regular
trains' at 10:30 and 11:30 will' stop at the
park.* ;¦' ' :' '- ' .-..- : •¦ :
Little One on. Journey -to
School When , Parent
Seizes Her/
Union Park Management An
nounces Three Days'
Coursing.
Seven -,Year- Old
Daughter.
Father Carries Away His
Stake.
Fastest Greyhounds Will
c Compete for a Rich
GAINS CHILD
BY KIDNAPING
CHAMPION DOGS
IN THE RUNNING
Lightweight Boxer and the Aspirant for the- Title* Meet in
a Scheduled Twenty-Round Bout
Sensational G6ing : Is Expected To-Night When the Ex-Champion
JIMMIE BRITT IS A BIG FAV0RITE
FOR HIS FIGHT WITH "KID" LAVIGNE
SENATORS EASY
FOR CHAMPIONS
Dowling Allows -the Men
From Oakland to
; Score Often.
Cutter of Santa Clara Col
lege Will Pitch for Fish-;
er's Team.
« .... , - . ... •v»»i,m* v .
'. Mike Fisher's Senators 'nfever had a
chance to get within the'money limit over
at fewlng's ' playgfoflnd yesterday after
noon. The paraders made three dents in
ihe score card the first rattle out of the
box. This was enough to put them first
iti the running, but just for a little
amusement they got In and made the cir
cuit twice more before the trouble ceased.
It ended with Oakland 5, Sacramento 1.
. The wind was blowing so hard that all
bewhiskered individuals wore masks on
<beir faces, and the fair attendants tied
rcpes around their waists and lashed
themselves to the seats of the grand
stand. The Oakland players all had
Japanese stoves concealed on their per
sons to keep warm. Mike Fisher neglect
ed to buy any heaters for his tossers, and
this is one of the reasons why they ran
'second. There were several other reasons,
which the score explains.
Peter Dowllng was selected by Fishar
•to toss them in the direction of the home
l>!ate, but Peter forgot his orders and
threw in every other' direction.
Hodson mixed up the dope for the pa
laders and, barring a little wildness in
ihe early stages of the game, his work
•looked good. He allowed only a single
hit for seven rounds. The three which
<ame after that did no damage. He was
mperbly supported by the stonewall in
lieid and the brickwall outfield, so there
was but little danger of any Senatorial
scoring going on.
Four bases on balls, a wild pitch and a
batpman hit gave Oakland three runs in
1 tit opening spasm. A batsman hit, a sac
rifice and a single by Streib added an
other In the fourth, and Streib's triple
and McCreedies eingle in the sixth lln
lshed the run getting.
Doyle walked In the first, was sacrificed
to second by Hulen and scored for Sacra
mento on Kgan's drive to left. Francks
played a brilliant game at short. Sheehan
robbed Mohler cf a double by a sensa
tional one-hand catch.
Manager Fisher announces he has se
cured Cutter, the -Santa Clara College
pitcher and all-around athlete, to pitch
for Sacramento. He Is expected to arrive
in a few days.
OAKLAND.
Manager Harris has written a long let
ter from Los Angeles, announcing the
eame there last Sunday morning was a
tie, the score being 2 to 2 after ten in
ninss. He claims Umpire O'Connell called
the game a tie. The score: *
» _ 1
__ AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E
Walters, e. f 4 10 0 2 0 0
Mohler, 2b «... 3. 10 0.3 1 o
fctre'.b. lb 2 2 2 0 10 0 1
McCreedie, r. f 2 1 1 0 1 O 0
Devereaux. 3b 4 0 0 0 2 5 0
Dunleavy. t. f 3 0 1 0 3 0 0
Francks. ss 1 0 0 1 1 4 0
Lohman, c... 3 0 O 0 5 1 0
Hodson. p 4 0 0OO20
.Totals.... 26 0 4 1 27 13 1
SACRAMENTO.
_ , , , AB. R. BH. SBi PO. A. E.
Doyle, c. f 4 10 0 3 0 0
Hulen, 2b 3 0 1 0 2 2 1'
Sheeh&n, 3b 4 0 0 0 2 3 0
Easan, be :.. 4 0 10 110
Graham, lb & c... 4 0 0 O 12 1 o
Bane, r. f....; 3 0 10 0 0 0
Megan, c. & lb 2 0 0 0 4 0 0
Wagner, 1. f 4 0 10 0 0 0
r-owling. p 2 0 .0 0 0 5 1
Totals ..' 30 1. 4 0 24 .12 .2
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
Sacramento 1 O 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 1
Base hits 1 O 0 O 0 0 0-1 2 i
Oakland .3 O 0 1 0 10 0 x— 5
Base hit* 0 0 1 1 0 2 0 0 x i
SUMMART.
Three-base hit— Streib. . Two-base hit— Bone.
Sacrifice hits — Hulen,' Dunleavy. Hogran. Moh
ler. Francks. First base on errors — Oakland 2
Bacramento 1. First base on called balls — Off
Hodson 5, off Dowllng 7. Left on bases—Oak
lahd 8, Sacramento 8. Struck out— By Hodeon
4. by Doling 2. Hit by pitcher— Streib. Wal
ters. Wild pitches — Dowling 2. Time of game
— 1 hour and 40 minutes.! Umpire — McDonald.
STRIKE-OUT RECORD
IS BROKEN BY WILLIS
Boston Pitcher Retires Thirteen of
the New York Club Batsmen— Cold
"Weather Mars Many Games.
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
BOSTON. May 28.— To-day's game, which
Boston won. was a Ditchers' battle. Willis
struck out thirteen men. which Is the record
lor this season. Attendance. 450. Score:
R. H. E.
Boston ..1... 1 4 0
New York 0 6 0
Batteries — Willis «nd Kittredge; Taylor and
Bowerman. '
ST. LOUIS, May 28.— Taylor kept the locals*
eeven hits well scattered to-flay and Chicago
was always In front. Attendance, 1200. Score :
R. X. E.
Et. Louis 1 7(2
Chicago ; 0 8 3
Batteries — "Wicker and CNetl; Taylor and
Chance. Umpire — O"Day.
PITTSBURG. Pa.. May 28.—Notwithstand
ing the cold weather the game was a good one,
Plttsburg wlnnine In the ninth on Tannehill's
three-bagger and Beaumont's single. Four
tirt» and two errors rave Cincinnati its three
runs. Attendance. 781. The score:
.'-,;V R. H. E.
Pittsburg 4, 8
Cincinnati 3 7
Batteries — Tannehtll and Smith: Thielman
«sd Piett. Umpires— Power*. and Brown.
NEW TORK. May 2^:— Brooklyn-Philadel
phia game postponed; wet grounds. " " •
AMERICAN LEAGUfc.
BALTIMORE. May 28. — In almost a. freez
ing temperature Chicago defeated Baltimore
here this afternoon. Attendance, 2313. Score:
R. H. E.
Baltimore 2 10 2
Chicago 8 13 i
Battertes— Hughes and Bresnahan; Griffith
and Sullivan.
BOSTON. May 28.— Boston had little trouble
with Harper'* delivery to-day, while Winters
" was Invincible after the third. The locals won
easily. Attendance, 2210. Score:
,- R. , H. . E
Boeton 6 11''. 1
St. Louis 2 4 " • o
Batteries— Winters and Warner; Harper and
Burden.
WASHINGTON. May 28.— Townsend's bases
on balls, followed Jay the timely hlu of Cleve-
THE SAN FB ANCISCO (&LL, THURSDAY, MAY 29, 1902
Detroit 4
Philadelphia 11 12 2
Batteries — Mercer, Cronin and Buelow;
Plank and Schreck. . ,
PHILADELPHIA, May 28.— The weather to
day was cold and raw and the attendance"
light. The home team won, handily from De
troit, Plank's fine pitching being- principally
responsible for the visitors' defeat.
ance, 1051. The score:
¦ ¦ R. H. E.
JIMMIE BRITT and George Lavigne
meet In Woodward's Pavilion to
night In a boxing bout scheduled
for twenty rounds, but which few
| people think will last half the al
lotted time. : , • . . . .
The match is similar to others /which
have been made as far back as boxing is
known. One of the competitors held the
lightweight championship ¦ for . years, ; de
fending his title In the severest competi
tions. He finally grew careless, and vio
lating the rules of training and of health
lost the title. Frank Erne secured a de
cision over him after twenty rounds of
fighting and George McFadden knocked
him- out in nineteen rounds.
This was In October, 1899. Lavigne saw
vrhither he was drifting and turned over
a new leaf. He lived out of doors and re
paired the dents in his constitution. Tim
Hegarty was his opponent when ¦ he reap
peared in the ring some time since, and
he polished off the Australian In four fast
revnds. : ¦ "• ¦• . -• ¦-••.¦.
He was then matched to fight Jack
land and the inability of "Washington to hit
Joss, won to-day's same for the visitors. At
tendance, 1800. Score:
* R. -H. . E.
Washington 2 4 1
Cleveland 7 7 3
Batteries— Townsend and Clark; Joss and
Bemls. :.
I Exciting handball games were played at
the", Olympic Club last i night. ,'Euss "and
Levy defeated : Butz arid "Kennedy ; , by. a
score of 16-21. 21-3, 21-9.. .The .losers cap
.tured-the first gam'e, but succumbed tin
the, next- two.'- Gleason , and-. Cartwright
¦lost by;default>to i Bogen J - and -^Gibbons.
Fltzpatrick . and ! Forbes were . beaten I by
¦CQnverEe And., Collins/ 21-15, 15-21, 21-13.' •: ;'
Olympic Club Handball Games."
Do You Want a Trunk
At a moderate price — one that looks good
and is good? Made of genuine basswood,
brass trimmed, with leather straps: and
two trays. It Is a leader In our trunk de
partment and the price is $9 50. It Is much
larger than the^trunks' previously,adver
tised at $7 50 and $350 each. We, have a
special suit case at $7 B0 T that is equally
cheap. Sanborn,, Vail & Co., 741 Market St.*
The- joint regatta committees of the
San Francisco and Corinthian Yacht clubs
having charge of the arrangements for
the race for the perpetual challenge cup
between the sloop Harpoon -and the sloop
The Challenger, have hired the .steamer
Sunol to carry the officials and' those of
the general public who may desire" to. see
the race from start to finish. The steamer
will be at the wharf at. the foot of Powell
street at. 1 o'clock on Saturday, and the
race will start promptly, at 1:30 p.. m. As
the steamer- will have the judges, time
keepers and referee on board, she will fol
low the racing yachts around. the course
as closely as possible without interfering
with them. Tickets for the steamer >are
on sale ' at the stores - of Clabrough &
Golcher, H. E. Skinner, Edward Ladd and
at the bars of the ferry-boats Tiburon,
and Sausallto. It Is expected a large num
ber of people who are interested In yacht
ing will avail themselves of the opportu
nity, of witnessing what promises to- be
the most exciting contest ever sailed on
thi3 bay. v ; / ....
Race on Board the Sunol.
Will Witness HarpoonTChallengcr
Judges, Beferee and General Public
STEAMER TO FOLLOW
. THE RACING YACHTS
When Peter Jackson stepped into the
ring to meet Jeffries his intimate friends
said they could not see a particle of dif
ference between him. that night and when
he was in his prime. In the first round
he made a good showing and then col
lapsed. His vitality, that Intangible Qual
ity, had disappeared.
Lavigne is 32 years 'of age and has been
lighting thirteen years. He has won from
such stars of' the lightweight, division as
Eddie Meyers, Solly Smith, Johnny-Grif
fin, Andy Bowen, Jack Everhard, Jimmie
Handler, Joe Walcott, Jack I»fcAuHffe,
Dick Burge, Charley McKeever, Owen
Zelgler, Kid McPartland. Eddie Connolly,
Jack Daly and Tommy Tracey.
He will meet to-night a fresh, vigorous
O'Brien. His brother thought he was a
little wild in his boxing, and to "tone him
up" arranged a practice bout with Young
Glbbs. In this practice LavJgne broke a
small bone in his left arm. This was four
months ago,- and he reappears to-night
making a fresh start to regain his laurels.
From outward appearances he is the
Lavigne of old. He looks in the most rug
ged health. Whether th.is is a veneer
which hides physical weakness only the
test of competition will disclose.
4
When the bowels are constipated
the blood becomes- impure. The
Bitters is the best known laxative
and blood purifier.
It will cure Sick Headache, Indiges-
tion, Dyspepsia and Malaria, Fever
and Ague. A trial will convince you
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
_ OF THE -: .
Assurance Company
OF AMERICA
OF NEW TORK. IN THE STATE OF NEW
York, on the 31st day of December, A. D.
1901. and for the year ending on that day. as
made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
State of California, pursuant to the .provisions
of sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
mi^ioner: _^ AplTAU
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up ln_
cash .....%.r...... * $200,000 00
ASSETS. . - 9
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds <rwned by Company $433,750 00
Cash in Banks W.682 17
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans ,. .-. 1,166 67
Premiums In due Course of Collec-'
tion ..••-.. -8S.743 23
Total Assets . . . . .$5Sg,344 12
LIABILITIES.
Losses In process of Adjustment or
In Suspense 34,220 CO
Losses resisted. Including expenses.. 250 00
Gross Premiums on Fire Risks run-
in* one year or less, $346,871 11;
reinsurance 60 per cent 173,433 86
Gross premiums on. Fire .Risks run-
nings more than one year, $76,-
160 75; reinsurance pro rata 43.913 99
All other Liabilities 47,767 93
Total Liabilities $299,592 54
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums '. ...$102,973 57
Received for Interest and dividends
- on Bonds, Stocks. Loans, and from
all other sources 11,793 65
Total Income $414,775 23
EXPENDITURES. ¦
Net amount paid for Fire Losses.... $218, 897 63
Dividends to Stockholders. 24.000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage ; 121.392 61
Paid for Salaries, Fees, and other
I charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 3,633 00
Paid for State, National and. Local
taxes . 9.607 42
All other payments and expenditures 3,707 31
' Total Expenditures ..$381,240 00
v \ *: ' ' Fire.
Losses Incurred during the year $234,576 6C
Risks and Premiums. Flr« Risks. Premiums.
Net* amount of Risks [« '-.,.,- ,\s' j,
written during: the -..._¦_..<-
year.. $53,761,834 $817.527 23
Net amount of Risks
' expired during; the '.-•¦" • '.* " ' " '
v year .;...........:. -40,317, 831 "455,093*59
Net amount in force : ¦ • ¦ • •* •_ >-v
; December 31. 1901 . ¦ ¦ 86.878.S39 423,031 88
R. C. RATHBONE, President.
EMIL G. PIEPER. Secretary.
Subscrfbed and sworn to before me, this 7th
day of February, 1902.
CHRIS. BAMBART. Notary Public
£:<?!'; ' ¦ ' '¦ ¦ ' .'
Pacific Department
C. A. HENRY & CO.,
215 Sansome Street,
San Francisco, Cal.- :
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS \
OF. THE ——
National Standard
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NEW YORK. IN THE STATE OF NEW
.^York. on th» 31st day of December. A. D.
1901. and for the year ending on. that day, as
made to the Insurance Commissioner bf the
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of sections 610 and 611 of tn« Political Code
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
rntss toner.
, CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid no - --'• '
ta C "Q $200.000 00
ASSETS. '
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
bonds owned by Company ....$423,650 00
Cash in Banks ..'. 101427 73
Interest due and accrued on *a"li
Stocks and Loans 1 053 33
Premium* In due Course df Collec-
tlon 94.404 07
Total Assets ...$620,565 19
LIABILITIES. =====
Losses In process ofl Adjustment or
In Suspense .....'. .;. $34.84« 00 !
Losses resisted. Including ex- (
penses : . . ¦- . .7315 qq
Gross premiums on Fire Risks runl-'
nlngr one year or less, $351,275 41:
reinsurance 50 per cent *. . 175,637 70
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than on* year. $73.-
Aiii»SI : 11 * 6 pro ma 42.139 43
All other Liabilities ; 83,135 94
Total Liabilities $306,484 07
. INCOME. • . =
Net cash actually received for Fir*
premiums $404,948 27
Received for Interest and dividends
• on Bonds. Stocks, Loans, and front
- all other sources 13.242 11
''Total Income .....$418,190 38
EXPENDITURES. . . *
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (In-
cluding $19.543 00. losses of pre- ¦ ' :
• vlous. years) $«M 6.7731?
Dividends to Stockholders . . 24 enn nA
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage ..........'. ¦ * 1*1 t«q u
Paid for Salaries, Fees, and other
chaises f or of ficer*. clerks, etc.... 3 2i>l on
Paid ror State. National and Local
taxes 11 At" 41
All other payments and expenditures S.147 Zl
Total Expenditures ....... . . . . . .$379,923 40
Losses Incurred during the year $234.421 IT
Risks and Premiums. Fire Rlaks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks - ~~~ T*
written during . the
-^year ;•-•••• $56,024,251 $661,912 96
Net amount «of Risks .
expired r during the
year . : . . .,. . ....... 40.177.308 ' 460.531 13
Net . amount In force » -,
Decemt>er .31. 1901.. 37.230.491 424.546 4»
R. BLEECKER RATHBONE. President.
EMIL O. PIEPER. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 7th
day of February. 1902.
CHRIS. BAMBACH. Notary Publla.
Pacific Department
C. A. HENRY & CO., '
¦ 215 Sansome Street,
San: Francisco, Cal. *• 1
ELECTRICITY IS LIFE
' ' : * ' ' • ' '¦'"• ¦¦ '•__', ' ¦ ¦¦•"'¦'•-¦'•¦ .'• / ..¦¦ ' ¦
J^OCTORS ALL OVER, THE WORLD ARE NOW TALKING ELECTRICITY/, AND ARE DSINO IT IX OKE FORM OE ANOTHER. TH13
is the direct outcome of the recent announcements of the world's greatest scientists, and Is a practical admission on the part
of physicians of the power of^Electricity over drugs as a curative agent.
I have known for tw*niy years that drugs could not restore strength. My knowledge was obtained from actual contact with
thousands of people who had tried drugs' In every term, and they were worse off than before they ¦tarted drugging. Why don't
drugs cure? If the keam In an engine haB run down,} will oiling the parts make It so? No. You must get; op more steam.
Drugs; have no more effect on the bodythan'oll on an engine. Electricity can, and does, make the body go just as It makes a ma-
chine go.; I have proven In, 60,000. cases that Electricity Is the substance: of life and organic vitality, and have perfected the
best known means of replenishing -this force in the body^when It Is lost. My Electric Belt. Is the natural result of scientific
study, coupled with skill. There can be no pain or weakness where my appliance is used. . . -
"i The current supplied by, this Appliance enters the 1 body in a glowing stream of vitalizing heat, so gentle that the nervWand
vital organs, absorb it as freely as a^hungry ,-babe drinks milk. This fore© 13 added to the natural power generated by the stom-
ach; It saturateseveiry.vltal part and isoori transforms , the debilitated body into a natural storage battery, which generates its own
health, and closes the doors forever' to disease and 'debility. . .
V Dr. McLaughlln's book is published for free distribution to those interested in the development of vigorous heatth ta men
and. women. It -is profusely illustrated and describee his method of treatment and appliances. Sent sealed free on request Send
lor It to-day, inclosing this ad. ;¦";:..,-; .' / .; ¦„. . , . ¦
; ' Dr. McLaughlin's Electric Belt has a cure in every, town. \ Upon request the names t>f your neighbors who' have been cured
by it,will be to vou.* ¦':'. \ -. -:,.,¦ -.'._ ' > '¦ .•' ;v^>,-; •¦ ¦-¦,•".-¦,. ¦ :-• •',.:. /;,,'.; ¦¦ ¦ •" ¦¦;..- •*-, • _. . ¦
/ -''-s ¦'¦.¦• CATTTION'— Beware of medical concerns offering "Electric Belts Free" or, for a trifle. This offer is only a trick to
foist a package of medicines upon you C. O. D. .Write to me for, an explanation of the trick.
DR^ M, C, McLAUQH LI N, 9O6 RKET s^^S^,3 CO .
¦'¦'.- .¦;;¦.¦;'" / Office Hours. S a. m..to 8:30 p. : m.; Sundaya,-lo*to f l. ; NEVER EOLD.BT DRUG STORES OR AGENTS. V
M ; • ¦ •• ¦ "¦*."."" - ¦ - * ¦ ' - - ;
}*r^ ASK > DEALERS-— *
f NEUSTADTEB" BROS.
/ f MANUFACTURERS. ";.: HWELL-KNOWN YOUNG SHIP
PING MAN AND HIS CHARM
ING BRIDE. - -
When the case of Rev. James H. Kelley
of the Third Colored Baptist Church,
charged with betrayal under promise of
marriage by Miss Hattie Bynum, was
called in Judge Cabaniss' court yesterday
Attorney , Cobb for the. defendant said he
would nok-make an argument.' Judge
Cabaniss thereupon held the defendant
to. answer before the Superior court in
$100C bonds which were furnished.
Pastor Kelley Held to Answer.
When -the honors had been conferred
Bishop Nichols' addressed, the graduates
and asked the question as to whether the
constitution followed the flag or the flag
the constitution. -- He said he was sure
of one thing, and especially sure after
his recent trip to the Hawaiian Islands,
'and that was that the American boy fol
lowed the flag, and further, the American
boy as he showed in his games and nis
prowess, asked a fair field and no favor.
The American soldier-boy, he said, had
followed - the flag and he, , the Bishop,
tcok^io stock in those who would depre
ciate the soldier-boy of the country from
a desire to magnify phases of war that,
however sad, I were unavoidable in war
fare. He congratulated Trinity School
for the genius of the American boy and
scholar developed within its walls and
impressed upon the graduates that
through life they should t>ear as their
motto, "A fair field and no favor," for
that was all that the American boy ever
asked from opponents whether .on the.
field of games or' in study or in battle.
-The Rev.. Mr. Weedon delivered a most
impressive ¦' and eloquent v address- to ; the
graduates 'as did BlshopTelect Rostarick.
Mr. , Weedon won a burst .of applause
when he said in the course f of -his re-
I marks; . that, • while .upholding . and giving
the highest praise -to the •: public -school
system of the country,- he , regretted that
in the » public schools theyidid not touch
the character' of the pupil 'nor the emo
tions' nor. did -they direct 'aspirations.
They did not touch the real man nor
woman hood in the child. -They, did not
teach that great essential to the future
of the child— How to live. On the con
trary with Trinity School they were
taught "howt/to live" and -.the great
and glorious principles of manhood. *
The evening ceremonies were 'imposing
and drew a large . and § fashionable . as
semblage. On tne platform was the Right
itevertnd ..Bisnop Nichols, Archdeacon
itestarlck, msiiGp-elect of Honolulu, the
Hfcv. iiurr . Aimer. Weedon, 'rector of
Si. L.uke'3 Church, Professor Leon Koger,
Proiesior H. C. l^yon, ±Tbfesaor Cloude
and .Professor Jtfigeiaw. .' .' . .
. After a: prayer me graduating exercises
¦were performed and admirable and schol
ariy. addresses.were • delivered -.by- Alfred
.L. Blacic jr., his subject being '•The De
velopment, ot Central and Northern Cali
fornia;"- Walter L. Mpttatt, "Trie Found-
Ing, and the Use of .b'ree Public Libra
ries;" Harold H. Kelley, "Scenes in the
California Mountains;" Nelson v Towne
bhaw, "A Comparison : of the . Nicaragua
and ' the- Panama -Routes for. a -Snip
Canal;" Kdmund Ashbrook Lowe, : "The
Protection of Our Presidents," andjSellar
Bullard, "The Strenuous Life." ; ;¦ ;
Alter the delivery of the addresses each
of • the orators . received a graduating
diploma. . - •' * : : ¦ : -'¦ : •'¦
sellar/ Bullard won, the'' Alumni medal
and Kdmund A. Lowe was strongly com
mended.. A. - medal was , awarded A;
(Jrahame B. Ridley for Kngiish. Ridley,
also won the Bishop's medal for- highest
studies and conduct ipr the year and
amid a storm of applauaeia medal: was
again awarded young Ridley for highest
standard • in mathematics. J. . Hutton
'i'heller was awarded a medal for - best
standing in Latin and the. committee
decorf-Z.ed' Simeon Mills with a medal. The
foJlowing* won honors -and diplomas:
Scllar Bullard, A. Grahame B. Ridley,
Henry B. Mills, M. E. Lyons and Donald
Newhall. :
The closing exercises of Trinity school
on Central avenue were held yesterday
and the occasion was one for congratu
lations 'between pupils, professors" and
friends. The morning\was taken up with
a ;most interesting competition for the
Alumni medal, the competitors being
Davis 'Hanson Grubb, Henry B. Mills,
Edward F. Dietz, A. B. Rid
ley, JiHutton Theller.i Edmund Ash
brook Lowe, Wklter 1* Motfatt, Alfred L.
Elack Jr., aellar Bullard, Harold H. Kel
ley-and;Nelson Towne Hhaw. .
Bishop Nichols Declares That
American Youths Fol- .
r low^the Flag;
als; and Hear Words
of Wisdom.
, ¦ — f -
Graduates Receive Med-
TRINITY BOYS
GIVEN HONORS
RACRAMEXTO. May 28.-»-Governor Gage ha3
appointed C. O. Davidson a Supervisor of
Glenn Conntv to fill a vacancy caused by the
death of W. H. Hodrecn. ,
It's a good one If it's one of our py
rography points, and we have everything
else in the Artist Material line, including
eklns, fresh from the tanner, and fancy
wood articles to burn. Sanborn. Vail &
Co., 741 Market st. •
Do You See the Point P
SAN BERNARDINO. May 28.— The
bollermakers' strike at the Santa Fe ma
chine shops in this city is practically set
tled, so far as trouble at this point is con
cerned, but It Is hardly" probable that the
men will go to work again for some time.
It looks now as though the entire shop
force will walk out in sympathy with the
workmen at Needles. The Needles men
are now awaiting a reply from headquar
ters to their demand for an increase in
wages. All of the demands of the local
strikers have been acceded to/including
the reinstatement of Boilermaker Wilson,
whose dismissal caused the trouble.
Sympathetic Strike Probable.
The committee in charge of Holy Cross parish
picnic to Glen Ellen on May SO presented final
reports Monday night. The committee on
games, consisting ot A. Mobun, F. Kennedy,
Thomas Snead and Thomas Curran. bas ar
ranged the games for the youngsters, which
will take r'la.ce on the excellent track at the
park. This committee will also superintend the
piizes. Dancing will be under the direction of
Mr. James Denely, assisted by Bert Hunt, and
the aid* will be William Enright. James Lay
<ton, Frank Kennedy, Thomas Snead and A.
Mohun. Sonoma Valleji^was never prettier than
it is at the pre*«»nt time; and excursionists in
addition to admiring its fertility can catch
glimpses of the home of General Vallejo and the
various historical points of Interest in Sonoma
City ss the train passes them. The steamer
Ukl»h win leave Tlburon ferry at 8 a. m. and
tickets will be sold by the committee prior to
its departure at $1.
Holy Cross Picnic.
SAN JOSE. May 28.— Many of the dele
gates to -the Central Coast^Counties' Con
vention, which will open here to-morrow,
arrived this evening, and the balance are
expected on the early trains in the morn-
Ing. The Interests of San Benito, Mon
terey. Santa Cruz, San Mateo. Santa
Clara and San Luis Oblspo counties are
to be discussed, and an organization to
advance this section will be planned. The
meeting was called by the Santa Clara
Valley Improvement Club and has
aroused great interest in the counties that
are to be represented. Every board of
trade, improvement club and similar or
ganization in the six counties will send
delegates.
Central Coast Counties' Convention.
On Friday, May 30, the Southern Pacific
¦will run an excursion to Lake Tahoe. The
train will leave this city at 8 a. m. and
arrive at Truckee at 4 p. m. Arriving at
the lake the splendifl steamer "Tahoe"
will be waiting and proceed with the ex
cursionists around the lake to McKlnneys,
Rubicon Park, Tallac, Lakeside, etc. Re
turning, arrives San Francisco Sunday,
7:25 p. m. Fare round-trip, $8 50. Tickets
good returning up to June 4. Ten days ad
ditional time on payment of_35 to agent at
Truckee.
Magnificent Outing Among the Giant
A DAYI/IGHT EXCURSION
TO LAKE TAHOE
NEW TORK. May 28.— J. J. Machett & Co.'s
candy factory, in Brooklyn was burned to-day.
Loss % 175, 00O.V : ;.;;¦; '¦
Scott has • been ' second lieutenant of
Company C two years and has been a
very popular :. officer. He was first ser
geant with the company while it was sta
tioned at Benlcia during the Spanish-
American war. He. is the only logical can
didate for. the office ;of first lieutenant at
the election: to be; held -next week and
therefore feels., keenly the defeat of his
company and especially the fact that it Is
attributed. to him. :
After church that night, while Scott and
several other: officers, with a crowd of pri
vates, were . in a; saloon,^ the private who
had created the trouble entered, and with
very little preliminary talk struck \. the
lieutenant. . ; The latter kept his temper
and ordered the fellow under arrest. Later
he remanded this order and gave the pri
vate a lecture in as severe terms as he
could muster. The. affair had something
of the nature of a barroom quarrel in it
and It was this that first put Scott and his
company into disgrace with the priz-eV
committee. • ¦.•;'..¦•: ¦/ . ~
' FRESNO, May 28.— From further details
that" have come to light regarding the
trouble in the Sixth Regiment, National
Guard of 'California, over the awarding of
prizes at the recent encampment and the
accusations made by the awarding com
mittee against. Lieutenant W. S. Scott of
this city, it appears that these accusations
were the direct result of a quarrel be
tween Scott and a private, which took
place In- a saloon on a Sunday night.
While . Company C was drilling on the
morning of that day, a private got out of
position and was ordered into line by
Scott. His position was; less correct tMan
before and the order- was given again.
Scott finally took hold -of the man . and
.whirled him Into place. This was an un
military action on the part, of the lieuten
ant and was urged as one of the points
against Company C, by the committee'/*
Clumsiness of a Soldier Dur
" ing Drill. :
Feud . Among^Guardsmen Due to th?
PRIVATE CAUSES TROUBLE
• .'... /-: Df THE SIXTH REGIMENT
Miss Etta Bender became the bride of
Frank Van Pelt of this city on Wednesday
of last week. The ceremony was per
formed by the Rev. Father Dempsey of
St. Mary's Cathedral. Miss Agnes Rankin
acted as matron of honor, while the
bride's brother was best man. After the
ceremony the couple and forty guests,
relatives and immediate friends, enjoyed
a wedding breakfast at the home of the
• • . •
The ladles of the Forum Club enjoyed
their annual breakfast yesterday, which
closed the meetings of that organization
for the summer. Covers were laid for
175, each member who was able to be
present bringing one guest. The tables
were very pretty. Pink was the predom
inating color for decoration, roses and
sweet peas being lavishly arranged with
ferns. Mrs. \Payot, the club president,
presided and Mrs. Fritch was toastmis
tress. Among: the clever toasts given was
one by Mrs. - Fredericks, whose subject
was. "Man as a Charming Companion and
Friend. Mrs. Begensburger talked on
"To Be or Not to Be a Club Woman."
Miss Peck of New York, who was prom
inently identified with the biennial ' con
vention, offered bright and complimentary
remarks. .
HE members of the Deutscher
li Club and their ladles comprised a
I: brilliant assemblage last evening
• 11 at the reception given in dedication
v of the new home of the club, at
123 Mason street. The decorations were a
profusion of La France roses, inter
s,persed with foliage. The musical pro
gramme was especially interesting, and
included 'cello selections beautifully ren
dered by Professor Mayer, accompanied
by W. * Yanke. George W. Bennett
rendered cornet solos, Iwhich were en
thusiastically received. Mrs. Ida Semi
nario, the gifted oratorio singer, was
among the guests and consented to sing
the popular aria from "Traviata" and
"Scenes That Are Brightest," which she
rendered with exquisite feeling. Later in
the evening Messrs. Stelndorf, Cashman
and Hartman of the Tivoll dropped in
and added a number of songs to the pro
gramme. The president, W. C.
Hildebrandt. made a few remarks of cor
dial welcome and encouraged the fur
ther success of the organization, which
Is the representative German club In this
city. The committee having the affair in
charge was composed of C. F. Thierbach,
W. B. Burner, Judge Bahrs, Colonel C.
G. Buxton, Dr. Sylvester and H. S. Baus-
The officers of the club are: President,
W. C. Hildebrandt; vice president, John
H. Sievers; secretary, George C. Schnei
der; treasurer, J. F. Plagemann.
The schooner Hatzic was 17 years old.
Ehe formerly the steam schooner
Dolphin, which sailed for Captain J. D.
Warren of this city. Then she became
the schooner Louis Olsen and one Will
iams, since deceased, took her south, lad
en with opium. She was seized and tak
en to San Francisco by San Francisco
customs officers.. Search was made for
the- opium without avail. The schooner
•was tied up at San Francisco for weeks'
and was almost torn to pieces in the ef
fort to find the opium, but the vessel was
finally released. It was learned lat^ that
the opium had been hidden in the sfiaft
tube which held the shaft when, the ves-
Fel was a steamer. It had been regu
lsrly blocked, but left hollbw, and *the
opium was encased inside.
Once an Opium Carrier.
Captain Daley was an old time sailor.
He brought the schooner Willie around
to Victoria from Cape Breton coast and
sailed in her until she was seized by
tlie Russian cruiser Kotick off the Copper
Inlands and her crew made prisoners of
Russia. They were jailed at Petropaulof-
Kki and suffered many indignities before
their release was procured. Captain Far
ley, the mate, was also a sealing echoon
er master, he having taken out the Hat
zic last spring.
Captain Daley was in command -with
Captain Patrick Farley as mate. Both
¦were married, the former having a fam
ily. Other white men in the crew were
A. Medina of Victoria, P. Dooley and
W. Christian. The cook was a Chinese
end there were twenty-four Kiyukot In
dians.
The Hatzic sailed from Victoria on
January 10 and shipped her Indian nunt
ert. *at Kiyukot, from which point she
sailed on February 15, two days before
the heavy gale in which the schooner
Fawn went ashore on Catallna Island.
Terrific gales blew on the 17th and the
£4th but most of the fleet weathered them
and started south. The Umbrina was
l<artially wrecked and returned leaking as
a result of the buffeting she received on
February 24. and the schooner R. L
Morse was wrecked in the gale of Feb
ruary 17, her crew being saved by the
Penelope. No one has since seen the
Hatzlc.
Storms Buffet Fleet.
The tug: Eagle, which made a trip
around the Scott islands northwest of
Vancouver Island — a group never visited
by any save prospectors' vessels— reports
hi-vir.g sighted the deck house of a
schooner on Triangle Island, and this
adds to the general belief that the Hat
zic has been lost. The majority of the
schooners which hunted ,olf the Van
couver Island coast have been home more
than three weeks, and none of the fleet
has evtr been later than May 27 in reach
ing port.
VICTORIA. B. C, May 28.— The sealing
echooner Hatzlc, Captain Daley, which
cleared from here on January - 10 last
with seven white men and twenty-four
Indians for a cruise in the Xorth Pa
c'fic, is missing and from the fact that
she was not spoken by any other of the
F.tet of twenty-eight schooners at any
time during the season there is little hope
that she is still afloat. The Hatzic .un
doubtedly foundered with all"»on board
during one of the heavy gales of the
winter — probably during the storm of
February 24, for the schooner Favorite
reports having sighted a schooner on
that day off the Vancouver Island coast,
heading in shore before the terrific gale.
Th« Favorite with double reefed sails,
¦was running before the wind, and-it was
with the greatest difficulty that • the
schooner rounded Cape Cook.
Special DiEDatch to The Call.
/ Indians Who Sailed
on the Vessel.
Hold Out No Hope for the Seven
WMte Mea and Twenty-Four
Victoria Shipping Men Are
Certain That She Has
Gone Dcwn.
An excursion will be run from San Fran
cisco on Saturday over the California
Xqrthwestern. The road has offered spe
cial rates to this city and favors excur
sionists with the privilege of remaining
in Santa Rosa until Monday. . •
After the floral parade a number of
pretty entertainments will be given in the
pavilion, where they will be witnessed by
King Marshall ana Queen Helen and their
court. There will be a Maypole dance by
.sixteen little misses, a song and drill by
sixteen soldier boys and fancy dances by
a number of children. Prizes have been
offered by the ladies for the best deco
rated pony carts, dog carts, bicycles, tri
cycles and miniature vehicles of all
classes. These have stimulated the inter
est of the youngsters and many hand
some equipages will be seen in the
pageant.
Preceding the floral parade the drum
corps and trumpeters, under the leader
ship of Grand MarsHal Weston Anderson,
will parade downtown.
Petite Queen Helen will be clad in lib
erty silk over a foundation of white satin.
Her costume will be en train. The cos
tume of King Marshall will be of white
satin and silver. The robes have been
prepared and only a*wait the occasion for
their use. „
SANTA ROSA, May 2S.— The juvenile
floral carnival to be held in this city on
Saturday under the auspices of the
Woman's Improvement Club promises to
be a wondrously pre.tty affair. Prepara
tions have been made on an elaborate
scale and many new and novel features
have been planned. The floral parade will
take place in Grace Brothers' Park short
ly after 11 o'clock in the forenoon. Just
at thai hour the coronation of the midget
monarchs will occur in the large pa
vilion. Both will be crowned at the same
time. ¦ v
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Many Beautiful Equipages to
Be Seen in Juvenile
- Pageant
Sealer Pails to Return
From North Pacific
Little Tots Will Reign in
City of Roses on-" J
Saturday.
SCHOONER
HATZIC AND
CREW LOST
MIDGET RULERS
AWAIT THE FETE
¦ PETITION : IN INSOLVENCY.— Daniel W
Fulltr, railroad employe at Oakland,' filed a pe
tition in Insolvency, yesterday in the United
States District Court. He owes $522 65 and bas
no assets. v» . ' ,^H»^Kci^il'5^^*^** K
, Burglars broke, into the butcher shop
of Fred ArFItschen, at 1006 Railroad ave
nue South, early yesterday morning and
iraiic" preparations to force open the safe.
Tliey,-were evidently frightened off as
they -.left a -"jimmy,", large hammer,
blacksmith's tongs and punch in a small
room in rear of the shop where the safe
Blands. - ;.',.. ¦¦:. ¦ - , • ¦ . -- :...-¦,. ..¦ ¦.,-..
Policeman C. Buckley tried the front
door about 1 o'clock and found it locked.
He again tried it. an -hour later\and It
was unlocked; :¦ Buckley sent for Fitschen
and it was discovered that nothing had
been ¦", stolen.,. Fitschen. said . that there
was more than $400 In the safe.. -Entrance
had been effected by. forcing open a~ side
window.' ¦ The = front door had . evidently
been' unlocked by. the burglars to make
escape easy if they had been discovered
Frightened Off, Leaving Tools
. . Behind.
Plan to Break Into the Safe, but Are
irrrscHEN.'s butcher shop
IS ENTERED BY BURGLARS
' -The appeal In the case of the Saginaw
Steel Company and the Puget Sound Tug
boat Company against M. Shoemaker and
the German shh>-< Flottbek was argued
yesterday morning before Judges Gilbert,
Ross and* Hawley' in the United States
Circuit Court, of by-J.-C. Flarid-i
era for the Flottbek, .the appellant, and I
General J. B; Metcalf and E.C. Hughes j
for; the Saginaw and Puget Sojmcl com
panies. " ' ¦ •: .¦."¦ ¦ ¦„- ¦. . ¦ ::,
VThe District Court of 'Washington gave,
judgment against, the Flottbek for $22,830,
of which $9830 was awarded to, the owners,
captain arid crew of the. steamer Mattea- V
tanand $13,000 to the Puget Sound Tug
bpat.Company for salvage. .;
; .The contention of the Flottbek people i3
that the Matteawan broke \ her windlass
in- attempting to pull the Flbttbek out to
sea. and did not perform any service after
that beyond notifying the authorities at
Port Townsend on January 15, 1901, -that
the, Flottbek was in distress. -It is also
contended th*t. before the tugboats Wan
derer 'and. Tacoma -took the ship in tow
the gule 'had subsided and the Flottbek'
was irnio danger whatever and could eas
ily^have-made her way to sea without as
sistance. The further claim is made that
the towago service rendered was not
worth more than $600. The value of the
Flottbek was admitted to be $60,000 and
the salvage awarded is alleged to be more
than 38 per cent of the value of the salved
property, an unprecedentedly high propor
tion. The appellant admits that the dam
age to the Matteawan Is $2512 46, but avers
that the Matteawan. is not entitled to any
salvage whatever. ' •••¦
h .The case was submitted.
;Unprecedentedly Heavy Awards
ffi Made to Northern Tugboats for
Towing the Flottbek.
APPEAL IN SALVAGE
CASE IS SUBMITTED
¦Mrs.-D. C. Barber and Master Barber,
the wife and son of Dr. D. C. Barber, a
prominent physician of Los Angeles, are
spending a few weeks, in this city. They
are at the residence of Mrs. Barber's
mother, Mrs.W. H. Yates, 3029 California
street.
Mrs. Arthur E. Mack of Ben Lomond is
In the city for a few days.
• . • . • ¦ ;
Mrs. H. T. Scott is entertaining Mr. and
Mrs. J. B. Crockett at Burlingame. . •;
Miss Edith Huntingdon has returned
from the East with her mother, Mrs.
Willard Vincent Huntlngton, and both are
quite well, having had a delightful trip.
Invitations have . been Issued for the
wedding of Miss Anna G. Hildebrandt,
youngest daughter of Mrs. M. Hilde
btandt. of Alameda, to Dr. William C.
SMipley of . Hodson, Calaveras County.
The ceremony will take place at the home
of the bride's mother, 1023 Morton street,
Alameda. ¦ • • ¦ •
bride's mother, Mrs. T. L,. Bender... *
The bride was beautifully- attired"^ !n
pink, trimmed with cream lace. The
house was handsomely decorated for the
occasion. The couple started late in the
afternoon for the aouth. Mr. Van Pelt is
a very popular young man in shipping
circles and is at present first officer of
the steamship St. Paul. -
THE SAN FR ANCISGO J CALI^, THURSDAY, MAT; 29, 1902.
Deutscher Club Members and Their t^ie^E^
Ija^^emselves at Reeejftl}|©^iea|^|i|
ters— The Forum Club's > Annual Breakfast
DEDICATE NEW HOME
WITH GAY RECEPTION
5
' : '-V -'¦ : " _1-OF THE /
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
' -' - —^-OF THE— - -
IMEWN FIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF PHILADELPHIA. IN THE STATE OF
Pennsylvania, on the 31st day of Decem-
ber.- A. -D.- 1901; and for the year ending on
that day, as made to the Insurance Commis-
sioner of the State of California, pursuant to
the provisions of sections 610 and fell of the
Political Code, condensed as per blank fur-
nished by the Commissioner.
..-./. CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up __
In Cash _. $oO0.000 00
; S .;. :; ¦'"'.. \- ••ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company. .. $397,178 M
Loans -on Bonds and Mortgages.. 8S2.402 5o
Cast Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Compaq. . . 796,552 50
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
wot Bonds, Stocks and other mar-
.. ketable securities as collateral.. 2. « 00 00
Cash in Company's Office 8,867 74
Cash in Banks .: _ 63,138 30
Interest due "and accrued on all
•;' Stocks and Loans : . . 7,052 67
Interest due and accrued, on Bonds
and Mortgages 13.677 80
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
• tion..... 169,53100
"Ground ¦ rents, .well secured 19,520 00
Rent 3 due and accrued V 265 73
Total assets [\..... ..*•.... '..... $2,360,886 83
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid.. $61,693 35
Losses in process of Adjustment or
in Suspense 93,903 73
Losses resisted, including expenses 23.966 68
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
. ning 'one: year, or ; less, $1,039,- ;
578 11; reinsurance 50 per cent... 619, 7S9 05
Gross, premiums on Fire risks run-
ning more than one year, $875,-
087 53; reinsurance pro rata.... 419,159 31
Amount reclalmable by the Insured
on perpetual flre insurance poli-
cies / 573.309 64
Commissions and Brokerage due
and to become due 30,351 00
Total Liabilities $1,724,173 26
INCOME. ' "~
Net cash actually received for Fire'
premiums $1,263,029 2S
Received for Interest on Bonds and 1
Mortgages 43,103 54
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans, and
from all other sources...; 36,664 37
Received for Rents 8.887 84
Received from all other sources. . . 28.650 68
Total Income .$1,385,340 71
Tcri' EXPENDITURES. ~ ~7"~
Net amount paid fcr Fire Losses ).¦:."•¦'¦¦"
(Including $126,103 04, losses 'of
previous years)...;......... .....$1,018,183 18
Dividends to Stockholders >>. 15,000 00
Paid or allowed .for Commission
or Brokerage .....-...: 284,207 60
Paid for Salaries, Fees and - other
- charges for officers, clerks, etc.. 44,100 00
Paid, for State, National and Local
taxes /.....-... 44.56153
All other payments and expendl- -
tures 163.307 07
Total expenditures $1,549,359 3S
.?..• '...-. ' ' Fire.
Losses Incurred during the year. .$1.071,643 90
Risks, and Premiums. IFire R!sks.l Premiums.
Net amount of Risks ' . ' "
¦ written during ; the
year ? 156,775,529 $1,836,940 19
Net amount of Risks
expired during .the ,'; -vvi.;
year - 153,180,201 1,701,200 71
Net • amount - In force
• December 31. 1901.. 165.143,920 1.914.6C5 64
¦ ¦•• ¦ ¦ ' THOS. H. MONTGOMERY, Pres. -
RICHARD MARIS. Sec.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 7tb
day of February, 1902.
• , H. F. RE ARDON. Notary Public.
V Pacific Coast Department.
EDWARD BROWN & SONS,
¦ GENERAL AGENTS,
411-413 CALIFORNIA STREET,
6AN FRANCISCO, CAL..
CITY AGENTS i
c. :a. henry & co.,
'": 215 Sansomc Street.
— OP* THE———
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
DELAWARE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF PHILADELPHIA, IX THE STATE OF
Pennsylvania, on the 31st day of Decem-
ber, A. D. 1901, and for the year ending on
that day, as made to the Insurance Commis-
sioner of the State of California, pursuant to
the provisions of sections 610 and till of the
Political Code, condensed as per blank fur-
nished by the Commissioner.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
in Cash $702,875 00
J . ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company.. $200,500 CO
Loans on Bonda and Mortgages.. 1-7.700 (X)
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company.. 055,713 01
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds. Stocks and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral.. SO, 000 CO
Cash in Company's Of ace 49OU4
Cash in Banks 63,513 75
Interest due and accrued on ail
Stocks and Loans 12,622 57
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 1,795 VI
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion tJ 86.KH 83
Agents' Balances. 39,580"72
Rent due and accrued... 60S S4
Total Assets ...$1,544,160 SO
LIABILITIES. . ~
Losses adjusted and unpaid....... $700 00
Losses In process of Adjustment
or in Suspense :. 56,870 CO
Losses resisted, including expenses 1,000 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks
running one year or less, $466,- \
'409 55; reinsurance 50 per cent.. 223,204 77
Gross premiums on Fire Risks
running more than one year
$730,312 00; reinsurance pro rata 374.727 43
Amount reclalmable by the Insured
on perpetual Fire Insurance Pol-
icies 113,902 79
Cash dividends remaining unpaid. ' 77 CO
"""" Total Liabilities .... 5 $770,482 01
, -*" ¦ ¦ ¦ — .
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for
Fire premiums » $681,102 35
Deposit premiums on perpetual
risks 10,199 92
Received for interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 6,297 50
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans and
from all other sources. ......... 41,072 35
Received for Rents ., 9,820 00
Received from all other sources... ' 43.822 29
Total Incom« 1. $792.374 41
EXPENDITURES. '
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(including $62,422 89. losses • of
previous years) $391,931 04
Dividends to Stockholders 21,086 25
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 170,760 67
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other - '
charges for officers.' clerks, etc.... 62.575 4S
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes 25,967 71
AH other payments and expendi-
* tures 67.493 16
Total Expenditures $739,814 23
Losses Incurred during th» year... $389.2*2 00
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
¦ written during the
year.. $80.00»,69R $890,980 4 i
Net amount of Risks
- expired during the .
¦ year 86.470,435 930.480 80
Net' amount In force
December 31. 1901.. 110.983.187 1.157.823 81
. CHARLES H. TARN'EIX, President.
HENRY LYLBURN, Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 23d
day of January. 1902.
RICHARD H: REILLY. Notary Public
Pacific Coast Department:
EDWARD feROWN & SONS
GENERAL AGENTS,
411-413 CALIFORNIA STREET,.
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL. -
CITY AGENTS t
ROBINSON & NIPPERT,
' 216 Sansome Street.
Endorsed by Great Mem
f*7he Worlds fhmdus,X^
C&tarrh -Remedy- 1 Ml
Congressman Powers From. Ver- Congressman Mahon From Penn-
mont. sylvania.
r>*r,~~ a c,*~,<,r, tt tr«^^.. -d^^.^^o, a< Congressman Thad v M. Mahon of
Congrressnian H. Henry Powers ol rhamhpr««hiire- Pa •im-ir«>«-
Vermont writes from Morrisville, Vt.: fa... writes.
. "Peruna I -have used in my family - " take pleasure in commending
with success. I can recommend it as your Peruna as a substantial tonic
an excellent family remedy, and very .and a good catarrh remedy."
good for coughs, colds and catarrhal THAD. M. MAHON.
affections." H. HENRY POWERS.
/ Congressman Barhaxn From Cali-"
: Register of Treasury Judson W. - fornia.
\ Jyvons. * Congressman J. A. Barnaul of Santa
V ' J"— Rosa, California, writes:
Hon.' Judson "W. Lyons, Register of "At the solicitation of a friend I
the United States Treasury, in a let- used your Peruna, and can cheerfully
ter from Washlngtqn. D. C, says: recommend it as an excellent remedy
"I find Peruna to be an excellent £l, a11 catarrhal troubles. It Is rn-
remedy for the catarrhal affections of deed a wonderful medicine. '
spring and summer, and those who * J. A. iJAKHAM.
suffer from depression from the heat
T* of the summer will find no remedy Congressman Brookshire From. In-
the equal of Peruna." a*2iZl
JUDSON W. LYONS. diana.
• . ' » Congressman E. V. > Brookshire.
from Indiana, in a recent letter from
Senator Butler From South Caro- "Washington, D. c, says:
- - •!«„_ "From what my friends say, Peruna
11UB * is a good tonic and a safe catarrh
Senator M. C. Butler, ex-Governor cure '" ' E. V. BROOKSHIRE.
of South Carolina, writes from Wash- -r . ¦
ington, D. C, the following: Congressman Sparkman Froza
. ' "I can recommend Peruna for dys- • Florida.
pepsia and stomach trouble. I have _ _ ,, _ ;
been using "your medicine for a short Congressman S. M. Sparkman, from
period, and I feel very much relieved. Tampa, Florida, writes:
- at is indeed a wonderful medicine, "I can indorse Peruna as a first-rate
and, besides, a great tonic." tonic and a very effective cure for
._¦¦¦'. M.,C. BUTLER. catarrh." S. M. SPARKMAN.
¦ ¦•: ¦"'..- ~ • Men of prominence all over the
XTnited States Senator Gear From United States are recommending
I Iowa. . Peruna. Over forty members of
. Hon. John h. Gear, United states Congress have written their en-
."tSSrriTLSIS^ I V ior,.u,.nt oUt Uor» of other
a very good tonic, and particularly Government officials speak in hign
good as a remed y j^HN'Hf^EAR. praise of it Thousands of people
¦ Senator Gear's home address is Bur. in the humbler walks of life rely
. lington, iowa. upon ; f ag a family medicine.
¦ :^_ _, .. Send for free book of testimonials.
Senator Mallory From Florida.
,, . _ . _. u ' -a If you do not derive prompt and
TJnited States Senator Stephen, k. satisfactory results from the use of
Mallory, from Florida, in a recent let- Peruna, write at once to Dr. Hart-
ter written from Pensacola, Fla., says man , giving a full statement of your
the 'following: case, and he will be pleased to give
"I have used your excellent reme"dy. you hi3 valuable advice gratis. •
"Peruna and can recommend It, both Address Dr. Hartman. President of
al<5 a tonic and a safe catarrh rem- The- Hartman Sanitarium, Columbus,
edy." > STEPHEN. R. MALLORY. Ohio.
T ... ... .._.- - . ¦ . ¦ ¦ . '
•'.''.' ":"¦ -.' ' • ; : ''. .San Francisco, Thursday, 20 May, 1002.
'; ¦*"¦ ... Etore closed all day Friday— Decoration Day. ' ¦ • '
>- . -^j ';.. .' -'...
n U^"!r^ I ~|l"iS' I ¦
Linoleum, 50 cents ;
Seventeen up-to-date patterns to choose from; The
kind of patterns that people are asking. for every day.
The kind that generally*sell for from 5 to 15 cents a yar'd
more. Good, serviceable linoleum thatiis bound to give
satisfaction. Laid on your floor for 50 cents the square
yard. . *
Axminster rugs in carpet patterns. Sizes 18 by 36
inches, $1.00; 27 by -63 inches, $2.25 ; 36 by 72 inches,
$3.75.. Second floor.
Our best gray hair mattresses, double bed size, sell
for $20.00. A man. who slept on one /or six months
said he wouldn't take $30.00 for his. We make these
mattresses here in our own shop. Know they are good
— guarantee them. Sixth floor.
(Successors to California Furniture Co.)
957 to 977 Market Street, Opp. Golden-Gate Avenue. : k
ADVERTISEMENTS.
|"Qet-TheBest"!
% For the needs of health and <s» .-
<y 'strength the physician al-;^'
% ' ways says "Get the best." '..,_ ;XV :
>P pMtRIWt , - ;' ¦ ' i ¦" . " ' * y
w ¦' '"" 'HmtviKl ¦' B *
IiiSSj^&f^lftl 1* * s particularly %
prSfi§ii3jfliajaJyW recommended to <s>
women because V
WbmWhBHMHmB 'cellence,;. ' <s>
CHRISfY ft WISE COMMISSION CO., Inc., . <f>
323 &, 225 California M., Sun Fr»ncl»oo,Calif. X ,
Telephone Main 873. ; ¦ <&
fl-ihas a professional a
U frame fitter to keep B
If your glasses in shape 9
ij at absolutely no charge B
I&64 2^TIafu<et SiOy
iPPPIlil RUPTURE]
"IjffoagKffe^P^fXEcrKic truss m
g~^faBWtRp | g-^othing It** it. Comfort & eg
H'^^'ilSv* "curityl A Perfect Retainer. «3
H //Bft does tho work! 10" Call or ESg
U^VF write today for "booxlbtko.!.** fgn
Address: Magnetic B.Trcss Co, -fig
¦"¦ . 206 Port Street, San Francisco, Cal. JkM
Or 33 W. 24th St., 2fev York, Mention tM* Taper SBbBALL AMD BAY EXCURSION.
On Thursday /In the forenoon, there will
be a drive to the Presidio, then to the
cliff, where lunch will be served, and then
a return through the park in time to take
the ferry to reach the Oakland race
Wednesday will be Los Angeles day, for
Al Malaikah Temple of that city will then
have charge. There will be a reception by
that temple at the Palace to all Shriners.
In the evening there will be a promenade
concert at the Pavilion.
dies representing each county in the State
and an emigrant train drawn by eight
yoke of oxen. During the march this will
be atta'cked by a band of twenty wild
Indians, the whole to be as realistic as it
was in the days of '43 on the plains. His
Satanic Majesty will also have a float
with an immense caldron of redfire, over
which will be a candidate holding 6nto
the rope.' There -will be a mounted es
cort under command of Noble George F.
Neal, all attired in new costumes.
The startling suggestion has been made that
Johnny Mackenzie intends to do politics among us.
Let us hope his first experience here will be like his
kst in San Jose.
And burn, and make you tired all over? Allen's
Foot-Ease ' makes ; shoes -comfortable/ rests
and cools the feet and makes walking easy. At
all druggists and shoe stores, 23c. Sample sent
Free. : Address Allen S. Olmsted, Le Roy, N. T.
Do Your Feet Ache
The Chicago Tribune refers to the Governor of
Illinois .is a "Governorette," and it is fair to infer
that if it ever has to classify Gage it will call him a
PP 'Going to Thunderllountain. PP.
. . The Northern • Pacific Railway r Is the best."
cheapest and quickest ' route. From , Lewlston
and Stitea. Idaho, there are good wajon roads
to either Warrens or Dixie, "from which point*
the tralU Into this district are most accessible.
For' rates. , etc., ' address TV ' K.* : STATELEIU
G. A.. C47 : Market St.. 8. F. , jr
The Germans of Chicago — 490,000 In ail
outnumber every other nationality, evei
the Americans, by 2000. ,
The Territory* of Hawaii, it is said, is greatly in
need of ready money. It is suspected that this plea
is being made by our new sister in order to show that
she is like the rest of us. * V v .
Special .information supplied daily ti
business bouses and public men by thi
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 230 Call,
fornia street. Telephone Main 1042. •
President Sam of Hayti, who has recently been ex
pelled from the country by the revolutionists, made
the best abdication speech ever made under such
circumstances. He said, "I quit because I am tired."
Townsend's California glace fruit. 50c a
pound, in fire-etched boxes or Jap; bask
ets.- A nice present for 'Eastern friends.
639 Market St.. Palace Hotel building. •
Prunes stuffed with apricots' .Townsend's. 1
Cal. glac- fruit 60c per lb at Townsend'a.
A convention of Indiana Republicans recently had
to take 1012 ballots to nominate a candidate for Con
gress. It is safe to sa3' there. is no indifferentism in
that district, nor any fear of a Democrat coming in
winner at the polls.
As the Democrats of New Hampshire are said to
be making active preparations for the coming cam
paign, it is to be presumed they are having their
overcoats and wool mitts repaired and made* ready
for a long cold spell.
Again the local authorities of this city are dis
cussing the immediate need of providing hospitals
and schools worthy of San Francisco. In reference
to these two departments of municipal life we have
at present one distinction — we have no rival in the
United States in unworth.
A treaty has at last been signed by Chile and the
United States by which the southern republic is for
ever closed against escaped American defaulters and
embezzlers. This seems, in view of the remarkable
leniency of American courts, to be almost an un
necessary international precaution.
That the Tewards of private business are drawing
the master intellects of the country away from a de- .
sire for a Congressional career is quite true, and it is
good for the country that it should be so. The wel
fare r of the people depends more upon work and
wages than upon talk, more uponi enterprise and
business' than upon the average legislation that occu
pies' the time of Congress. It iis well for the country
therefore that , politics .does' not absorb , : all the brains
of the* country. .The salaries now paid are high enough
to get all the Congressmen we; need, and it, is not'
likely we would improve the lot if we" doubled the payv:
It is quite, probable the disgusted Congressmen
can earn- more in business or professional life ttian
the salary of a Congressman amounts to, while at the
same time their disgust may be'due to quite -a dif
ferent , fact. Probably each one of them. -went to
Washington in the expectation that, he would
achieve,'a national, reputation as a statesman and be
come a noted leader' of his party. The experience of
two or more, terms, has shown them the folly of
their expectations. They are big enough men at
home and have a goodly following, but at.Washing
ton' they count for little. A Congressional career,
they perceive, has no glory for them, and so they
decide to leave, it. • .. .
The ' Washington correspondent of the St. Paul
Globe Recently gave a list of Representatives who
will not be candidates for re-election. and gave the
smallhess of the salary as a reason for retiring.; Sev
eral of the lot have been in Congress for two or
more terms and have had ample experience upon
which to base their judgments.
SOME time ago attention was. directed to a
statement of one of the advocates of in
creased pay for members - of Congress that
there is not a man of any influence in either House
who could not make more money in some line of
business than his Congressional salary . amounts to.
The statement was not a valid argument for an in
crease of pay, for the Government does' not under
take to compete with private business in" the way of
monetary rewards. Still it seems that a considerable
number of Congressmen have made up their minds
to retire at the end of their present term on the
score that there is not money enough in it.
It is hardly ', necessary to point out the evils that
would result from such a surrender of the right of
home rule. A commission clothed with s,uch .' vast
powers and working with the giant corporations for
the corruption of the Legislature would be an
abomination from first to last and the people-would
be powerless. So far, indeed, as suppressing local
self : government is concerned, the amendment would
be a flawless cinch. -
It will be seen that this takes away the right " of
local self-government so far as the regulation of any
kind of corporation is concerned. Municipal gov?
ernments would^thus be deprived of one of their
most important functions. The- corporations that
controlled the commission could do as they pleased.
The people would have not even a right of appeal to
the courts, for the amendment in express terms gives
the commission exclusive power and jurisdiction.
After stating that the commission to ' be created
by the amendment and appointed in the first instance
by Gage shall be the successor of the Bank Com
mission and the Insurance Commissioner, the
amendment goes on to say: "The State commis
sion shall in every respect, so far as relates to all and
every the said rates and charges hereinbefore men
tioned, and to all and every the matter and things,
howsoever connected with performing said services
and furnishing and supplying said commodities, be
the successor under the constitution and laws of the
State of the Boards of Supervisors and city and
county or city and town councils and other govern
ing body or bodies of the several counties, cities and
counties, "cities and towns of the State, with the same
powers, authority and duties now established by the
constitution of the State and the laws of 'the State,
or hereafter to be established by the Legislature,
except where the latter may conflict with this sec
tion." • '
ASSEMBLY constitutional amendment No.
28, which Gage and the corporations are try
ing to fasten upon the fundamental law of
California, is especially objectionable by reason of
the fact that if adopted it will suppress every vestige
of local control over public utilities, including even
such necessary* matters as water and light.
R. R. Ritchie, general coast agent ol
the Chicago and Northwestern Railroad,
who went East recently with the remain:
of his wife, has returned and Is -at the
Grand. . 'v;;7 -. : . •
• J. J. Allen, . connected with the Ward
Line Steamship Company, Is here on a
visit from Mexico, accompanied by his
¦wife. He-is at the Palace.
Governor, John J. Brady of Alaska, whi
has been touring Southern California witl
his family, has returned to the . city, am
la at; the Lick. V x V^
General Traffic Manager E. O. McCor
mlck of the Southern Pacific leaves to
day for a three weeks' trip to the East.,.
Dr. Samuel A. Flsk, a prominent prat
titioner of Denver, is at the Occidental.
Jesse D. Carr of Salinas is at the Lick.
W. F. Purnell of Sacramento Is at the
Lick.
J. Finnell, a fruit grower of Chico, Is ai
the Palace.
C: B. Gillson, a mining man of Napa, i:
at the Grand.
Dr. S. E. Simmons ol Sacramento Is at
the California. ;
Frank Gray and Lee L. Gray. of Fresnc
are at the Occidental.
Dr. Thomas Flint of San Juan is at the
Palace, accompanied by his wife. -
CINCHING THE PEOPLE.
CONGRESSIONAL SALARIES.
THE BANKERS MEET.
The great fault in our financial system was that up
to the passage of the gold standard law it was all the
result of emergency legislation, which is always
hasty, ill-considered ir.d imperfect. From 1862 until
1000 every line of financial legislation had borne the
marks of hasty indigestion of the subject by Con
gress. If what remains to be done is left until we
get in another panic it will be a botch of patchwork.
Therefore let the bankers say that it must be done
uow, when the times pipe of peace and plenty.
The time to strengthen our financial system and
give greater adequacy to our currency issues is
now, while the country is prosperous and there is
no emergency upon us.
communicate the same to Congress, for whatever
they recommend will be highly considered by the ex
perts and doctrinair£s who are trying to push this
legislation to success.
The association will find that its labors in behalf
of scientific finance arc by no means over. The gold
standard law needs the support of additional legisla
tion that will make every dollar of all forms of cur
rency interchangeable with gold, and the currency
needs of the people require that greater flexibility be
given to cur national bank issues. The latter may
be accomplished by the bill recommended by the
Banking and Currency Committee of the House. It
ought to pass before this session of Congress ad
journs, and the California bankers will do -weir to
discuss it and recommend its passage if it be' ap
proved by their judgment. If they have amendments
or a substitute to propose they should not hesitate-to
THE California Bankers' Association will be in
session this week at San Jose. This associa
tion has a very high standing in the country,
and its expressions in favor of sound money and safe
banking have been serviceable and highly esteemed
in times when miseducators of public opinion were
active in the propaganda of unsafe policies, danger
ous to our public credit.
PERSONAL MENTION.
On Tuesday there will be an assemblage
of the members of Islam Temple at the
Palace. From there they will escort the
Imperial Council to the place of meeting,
the members all wearing dress suit and
fez. In the afternoon there will be a re
ception at the Lick House from 3:30 to 6
o'clock to the ladies who accompany the
nobles on their pilgrimage. In the even
ing there will be a grand parade, to be
made up of the fifteen divisions, each pre
ceded by a. band. . Sixteen calcium lights
will be used to light up the route of
march, and there will also be twenty
stands for burning redfire. The proces
sion will be on Market street, from First
to Ninth, with a review at: the Pavilion.
In the procession there will be young la-
RECEPTION TO LA "DIES.
On Monday, June 9, the tired and travel
stained nobles will be allowed to dismount
from their camels that have carried them
across the desert and be permitted to rest
at their hotels. They will be received by
numerous, committees and escorted to the
quarters that have been reserved for
them. -¦'->•' ¦;;''
will soon be here with the other
imperial officers and thousands of
nobles from all parts of the Union
to attend the twenty-eighth annual
session that will open on June 9 and con
tinue until the 14th In Golden Gate Hall.
The"* business of the council will occupy
about half an hour each day, but the fun
will last all day and late into the night
during the entire week. In preparation
for the entertainment of the visitors, who
will be among the most prominent people
of every State, Islam Temple of San
Francisco, Colonel Charles H. Murphy,
potentate, has for several months been
holding meetings in headquarters in the
Claus . Spreckels building annex to devise
.ways to: expend the $35,000 tljat has been
contributed by members of • the order.
Last night the general committee, Noble
Charles Lord Field, chairman, adopted the
programme of < events for the week.
THE Imperial Council of the Ancient
Arabic Order of the* Mystic Shrine
of North America, of -which P.
Shaffer Is I the imperial potentate,
THURSDAY .MAY 29, W 2
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Addrtsi All Ceaaudc&tions te W. S. LEAEE, Kantgcr.
Ask for THE CALL. The Operator Will Connect
You With the Department You Wish.
PfULICATIOX OFFICE.. .Mnrket and Tbtrd, S. K.
EDITORIAL. ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Delivered by Carrier*, 15 Cents Per Weelo
Slnffle Cople*. 5 Cento.
Term* X»y Mail. Including: Postngret
DAILY CALL, dnclurtins Sunday), one ypar $6,00
DAILY CALL (including- Sunday). 6 months 3.00
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday). 3 months 1.r«)
DAILY CALL — By Single Month 65c
BUNDAT CALL. One Year 1.50
WEEKLY CALL, One Year ; 1.00
All postmaster* nre authorized to receive.
nabncrlptionH.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested. :
Mail subscribers In ordering charge of address should be
particular to give both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to Insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE 1118 Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGXESS.
Ktsigtr foreign Advertising. Karqnette Building:, Chicijp
(Lone Distance Telephone "Central 2619.")
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CAHLTOY , Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENT ATIVE:
STEPHEN* B. SMITH bO Tribune Building
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-A5toria Hotel; A. Brentano. 31 Union Square;
Murray Hill Hotel. : .
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel. :•¦'•¦.¦ ••¦ •
WASHINGTON (D.C> OFFICE. ...i4Oa G St.. NV \V.
MORTON E. CRANE, Correspondent. '.
BRANCH OFFICES 527 Montgomery. "'corner of Clay, open
until 9:30 o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 0:30 o'clock. «ai
McAllister, cpen until 9:30 o'clock.' ." 615 Larkin, open:urt«l
9:30 o'clock. 1941 Mission, xipen until. 10 o'clock. : 2261
Market, corner Sixteenth, open until. 9 o'clock. 1098 Va
lencia, cpen until 9 o'clock. ' '106 Eleventh, open until 9
o'clock. NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open
until 9 o'clock! 2200 Fillmore, open until 9 p. m. ' "
PREPARE GRAND ENTERTAINMENT
FOR VISITING MYSTIC SHRINERS
LEADER OF THE MOVEMENT TO ENTERTAIN THE THOUSANDS OF
NOBLES OF THE ANCIENT ARABIC ORDER OF THE MYSTIC
SHRINE WHO WILL VISIT THIS CITY NEXT WEEK. .\»" "I <\ P'J
course, where the Arab Patrol, eight !n
number, will drill. At night there will be
a reception and concert In the pavilion.
. On Friday the visitors will be taken over
the wishbone route as far as San Jose,
v/here lunch will be served, and on the re
turn they will stop at Palo Alto. At night
ther^toill be a grand ball in the Pavilion,
the grand march to start at 9 o'clock.
On Saturday three steam vessels will take
the'nobles and their ladies on an excur
sion around the bay, and at night there
will be a banquet in the pavilion, whero
ccvers will be set for 20C0 persons.
It is expected that there will be about
6000 persons in the day and night parades.
R. P. Hurlbut will be the grand marshal.
A feature on one of the nights at tha
Pavilion, will be the introduction of. thirty
Chinese boxers and wrestlers, and aa
many more Chinese in the richest of stag*
costumes, who will render selections from
a Chinese opera, with accompanying: deaf
ening music
We will withhold our reserve mass of facts and evidence for the present, with the
assurance to our readers that the half has not been told. When it 1 is all before the public,
men will revolt. against sending criminals to San Quentin to be made Kvorse by the bad
example set them in the management of the prison. .','.'*
It is our duty to urge President Fitzgerald to do his, and go ahead at once with the
investigation. This is no less due the Governor and the Warden. If the offenses we will
prove have been without their connivance, if they are the victims of misplaced confidence,
they should be cleansed and acquitted of direct guilt immediately.
We want the investigation now. There is no good reason for delay. It may easily
mean the concealment, sophistication or destruction of the records and evidence.
.President Fitzgerald says: "Director Ray is at present in Sonora, Mexico, and can
not be back untilthe 6th of June. I cannot do anything until after that date."
Why not? The absence of one Director will 'not affect the facts. It will not change an
entry on the books, nor purge a false bill of forgery, nor change the identity, of articles
made in.the prison for private account at public expense. But we wish to remind Presi
dent Fitzgerald that he is a public officer. Changed and forged bills have.'been passed un
der his nose without detection. : Goods unlawfully made at the prison have been shippied
but before his face. The air of the place has reeked with cunning corruption, and he has
moved in it ignorant of the spoliation and crimes that grew around him as thick as: skunk
cabbage in an Indiana swamp.
. To investigate conditions which we have exposed .is to investigate also himself and
his Board of Directors. Have they anything that requires delay to conceal? Let<him and
them beware of making it appear that they have, for we warn him that the books may be
burned and their ashes given to the wind, the prison itself may be given to. the torch with
all inside its walls, and yet our evidence will exist to confront the guilty. Therefore it is
just as well not to wait for the uncertain return of Mr. Ray from Sonora. He may never
come back. . " . .;.
The people of California. are liberal to their public servants; they are willing to
build and furnish for the Governor a house at Sacramento/ but they are not willing to fur
nish him a house in Los Angeles and a residence in San Quentin, and by_convict
labor at that. . .
We have no political nor personal motive against the Governor, the Warden or any
body else, in making this exposure and demanding an immediate and searching investiga-
The Call is prepared to prove every charge it has made. They are all the result of
a searching investigation we were moved to make by the- denial of access to the books
demanded by the president of the Board of Directors. We have in hand proofs greatly in
excess of what we have published. The flagrant 2nd sustained violations of the law at
San Quentin far outrun what we have already exposed. The law permits only the manu
facture of jute sacks at San Quentin as the sole prison industry. Under Warden.. Aguirre
other manufactures have been carried on there., using raw material paid for by £he State,
to be made up for private account, without repaying the State for the material. Even if
this repayment were made the transaction would be in violation of law. All this we. are pre
pared to show and prove, together with an elaborate system of forgery and criminal
bookkeeping to cover it up.
should be present." v l~ . \
•^ This statement by Mr. Fitzgerald is disingenuous./ The Call did not demand to see
the books. President Fitzgerald demanded,' by a written order, that we see the books, and
his demand, officially made, was refused. That refusal was a fatal mistake for the Warden.
It roused a train of suspicions that had not previously existed. How did he know we
sought personal information to use F.gainst him? Not a word about the prison. had up to
that time appeared in The Call. . If the books contained nothing that could be used
against him, what harm could come by obeying the order of the president to show them?
Our looking at them could neither give^ npr take Vaway an entry ¦.-nor. change a figure. :
President Fitzgerald only involves ¦ himself further by adding :\ "A State official
ought to have some .time '-to meet people :cofrectiy when he is charged with such a .grave
crime." ¦ But the Warden ;had:not^been charged with anything. President Fitzgerald had
not given TheCall an- order; to meet^Warderi Aguirre, but one to see the books.;. The
books were not accused; of any grave crime for "preparation. They
were written prepare , to meet people? Did he
wish : timeto-changeentries r conceal books and destroy records^ The issue turns not upon
his state iof mind nor His physical condition. These may change daily. It turns upon the
story told in the books and bills and records of the prison, which do not change of their
own accord and should not be changed, even to prepare, the Warden to meet peo
ple correctly.
It was a suspicious circumstance that access to the prison records, which are pub
lic documents, was denied to us. The representative of this paper had an order from Presi
dent Fitzgerald, of the Prison Directors, for access to the books. Such an order "should
not be necessary to secure to any citizen the right to see the books. Thatright belongs to
every one. But it was denied even when backed by an order from the president.
President Fitzgerald says now: "Mr. Aguirre admits that when The Call men
called at the prison several days ago demanding to see the books, they were refused, but
this was on the- ground that Aguirre knew that they were looking for personal infor
mation to use against him, and he thought if an investigation was going to be made he
IN the proper course of news and in justifiable^pursuit of information for the people
and taxpayers, of this State The Call has entered upon an examination of affairs at San
Quentin Prison. This examination had no ulterior motive/ and was for the purpose j
of vindicating as much as for condemning the management of that pu,blic institution,
according to the facts found. •; . .
SAN QUENTIN SCANDALS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, 31 AY 29, 1902.
6
Call «nlicicrtbers contemplating: a change of
residence during:' the '.summer months can have
their paper forwarded hy mall to their new
addresses by notifying The Call Business Office.
This paper will also be on sale at all summer
Tcmortu and Is; represented fty a local agent In
all tOTrns on the coast. ;. • » .;
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAYIKG TOWN FOR THE SUMMER.
oooooooooo , oooooooooo
OOOOOOOOOO -'j* -'V ' OOOOOOOOOO
oooooooooo h ¦% . /^t i oooooooooo
ssss^ssss il'BfiflrAr Vflnfc ssssssssss
0000 c/o 0000 HB/iSiivr^i t 1 1 I 3 0 fi 0000000000
SSSSSSSSSS UUI1&WI 4J|/UlO ssssssssss
oooooooooo .' : V-7 M. oooooaoooo
OOOOOOOOOO q - OOOOOOOOOO
OOOOOOOOOO W V2*!i U OOOOOOOOOO
111111111 s ¦ ¦¦»* l"C ssggsssggg
ssssssssss r* j* * h~ \ ssssssssss'
iili Earths Crust mi
oooooooooo • " oooooooooo
SSSSSSSSSS Read what scientists say . SSSSSSSSSS
SSSoSSoSSS ABOUT THEM. sooSoSSSSS
O_2_O_£_O_O OOOO DOOOOOOOOO
DAILY UFB ON A BATTLESHIP. ||| THE NEW MISSION OF THE
By Alfred Dezendorl 000 DANCING SCHOOL.
000
TRAINING ANIMALS FOR THE 000 GET THE SUNDAY CALL POSTER
ZOO. > §gg PAGE.
By Colonel Daniel Boone. % g ° The poster fad girl« will now hare
SAN FRANCISCO'S .YOUNGEST °SS ™?T fJET ***** **^
MILLINER. .: - '- oSS <**¦*»««**:
The stor j of a *even*year/old girl 0S0 SEE THE COSTUME POSES: BY
, who make* her own hats. g g § , SAN FRANCISCO SOCIETY LA-
BASKET BALL, THE SCHOOL* °°° .¦¦""** .-Tr--
• '- - * - OOO
GIRLS' GAME, 000 READ THE NEW WOLFVILLE
With Illustrations of crack teams in 000 STORIES BY ALFRED HENRY
action. S2o LEWIS.
oooooooooo """"""^ _¦___•
oooooooooo . ¦•-'-¦••-¦• -•¦•¦ • ¦ oooooooooo
oooooooooo TJV g ill yI j^ I"^M| oooooooooo
oooooooooo B m H ! j \y I sooooooooo
OOOOOOOOOO '• t OOOOO-OOOOO
OOOOOOOOOO . I ' ' " OOOOOOOOOO
oooooooooo ff"^k W F H " TT H^ oooooooooo
oooooooooo R ;^ I fj ¦ Tl y ¦ jS • -M oooooooooo
oooooooooo M 3 vi 3 M Bn rajw oooooooooo
oooooooooo 0 a > "Kl9 t a nVi \& oooooqoooo
oooooooooo jt /yk p y Vji i m ¦ b o W oooooooooo
oooooooooo S n. B 11 JB v Jr^^L \\ oooooooooo
OOOOOOOOOO , j L ji i WV Ji }\ f3 OOCOOOOOOO
OOOOOOOOOO '^^ OOOOOOOOOO
oooooooooo oooooooooo
oooooooooo W W TT oooooooooo
oooooooooo g K& n I oooooooooo
OOOOOOOOOO H BM H H OOOOOOOOOO
oooooooooo, gj am n || oooooooooo
OOOOOOOOOO ' '. B W, bWb\ H (1 3000000000
oooooooooo JB m n H J a 1 oooooooooo
oooooqoooo & A J3xs9 ' oooooooooc
O O OOOOOOOO •' * .¦ 3000000000
.^ mmnTTTMiim mi— —^_ — — 30oocoooooDid You Ever Stop to Think
TVhat a pleasure it Is to look at pretty
photographs? Get a camera and take the
photos yourself. We have cameras from
80c up. Sanborn, Vail & Co.. 741 Mark°t
street. •
Charles L. Kalr said in reference to tha
investment: "I went up there two yeara
ago and viewed the property and was
favorably impressed with the plan. I have
full confidence that we are making a
splendid investment." • .
PLENTY OP WATER.
"I have been, working on this plan for
supplying the city with power for over
two years," said Major McLaughlln yes
terday. "At last the company- has been
formed, the papers have been filed and I
am glad to tell the general public what a
grand project it is. We are totally Indif
ferent about the rainfall or the amount of
snow that Is in the mountains. We shall
always have water and we shall be under
no expense of building and watching
flumes and ditches. The work will be
completed and the company operating iu
about a. year." . ¦¦ ¦
At the present time all the power that is
generated in this State is brought from
the mountains and hills by flumes and
ditches. The Feather River Power Com
pany will not be handicapped in this mat
ter. It will have no flumes to keep in re
pair or ditches to be' carefully watched.
The great volume of water It will use will
simply rush through the tunnels and di
rect to the powerhouse. The company will
sign Contracts for irrigation rights in the
locality, as there will be no water con
sumed in the generation of power.
.The company* has decided that it will
only furnish power in San Francisco. The
route chosen for transmitting- the power
to this city will be through many towns.
Including San Jose, but the wires will not
be tapped along the route. Major • Mc-
Laughlin, speaking of the company yes
terday, said that it 'wag estimated that
the cost of the plant would be $2,00j),000.
At the present time 85,000 horsepower i:
landed in this city from different points Jr
California and this supply is sadly inade
quate. With the 20,000 horsepower . thai
the new company will, furnish there wil
still be a great demand for power that if
will be impossible to supply. : . . ¦
Work will be commenced at once to tun
nel from the terminus of the Big Benc
tunnel, which is two miles In • length
through a small mountain to the Feathe:
River, half a mile distant. When this is
completed and the water rushes down the
steep canyon, the officers of the Company
feel assured that they will easily generate
40,000 horsepower. . -
GREAT DEMAND FOR POWER
Within the last -few days the new com
pany has purchased from the Big Bern
Tunnel and Mining Company of Buffalo
N. Y., all the properties of the Big Bent
tunnel, its United States patent rights or
the Feather River, which extend for four
teen miles, and which* were granted ir
1881. and some 4000 acres of land.
All the officers of the company are Ioca
men of great wealth. The president of th>
company ia Charles Webb.. Howard
Charle^ I* Fair is the vice president, an<
the directors are J. Downey Harvey, W
J. Dingee anil Major Frank McLaughlin
The capital stock of the company is $5,
000,000. . . •
The corporation will be known as thi
Feather - River Power Company. Th<
properties are located at the Big Bend o
the Feather River, twenty miles f ron
Oroville, and within one year the com
pany will furnish 20,000 horsepower in Sar
Francisco.
After two years of negotiations the mos
extensive power company In Calif ornlf
has been formed. Final details were set'
tied and papers of incorporation were flle<
yesterday. ¦
The evening session of the Board of
Supervisors, sitting as a committee of the
whole, to hear suggestions regarding the
budget for the next fiscal year, was en
tirely consumed by the Board of Public
Works. Leon Park, secretary of the
board, appeared before the committee to
ask for all manners of increase in the
amount of money apportioned . to the
Board of Works. Whether or not they
succeed In impressing the Supervisors
with the urgency of their needs remains
to be seen, as the board merely sat last
night to hear evidence, which will be con
sidered later when the budget is finally
made out. .
One of the principal Items considered
wa? In regard to the salary which the
architect should receive. During the next
year, if the plans of the Supervisors are
carried out, many new schoolhousea and
a new City and County Hospital will be
constructed. The board discussed whether
it would be more advisable to allow $4000
for the architect's salary and thus secure
a capable man for the position, who would
be able to plan the new structures, or
whether to allow only $3000 and to hire an
additional architect to furnish ,the plans.
The. Supervisors showed a, disposition to
'increase the pay of jar.Uors, elevator men
and laborers to $2 75 a day. The board
will continue Its session at 2:30 this after
• noon. ,
ASKS FOR MORE MONEY.
ed $250 of the $2500 appropriated for
municipal reports to print the Civil Ser
.vice Commissioner's report. Moran also
asked that the salary of the clerk of the
commission be raised.
• Sadie E. Clark, who is suing Fred ¦ W.
Clark for divorce, is; according to the tes
timony given by her husband in Judge
Hunt's court yesterday, unfit to be his
wife, but is a very proper person 'to care
for their, child, aged two years. Clark in
describing his wife branded her as a wo
man of most dissolute habits,, and then
calmly informed the court that he was
satisfied to have her bring up their child."
"Well," said Judge Hunt, "you are a
most remarkable man. ~You deliberately
blacken the character' of your wife by
saying she is a drunkard and that she is
a woman of very low habits, and then
sty you are willing that she should care
for your child. I'll reserve my opinion
until I can see Mrs.-; Clark. This matter
will go. over until next Tuesday."
Annie Ingham, wife of tollce Officer
Richard I. Ingham commenced an action
for divorce yesterday, alleging that Ing
bam has frequently abused her. She
charges him with Intemperance. They
were married in May, 1890, and have two
children. f
Almat Steigelmeier is suing Albert
Steigelmeier for divorce for cruelty, al
leging that he has beaten, choken and
abused her ever since their marriage in
1S92. John Milton Evans, who keeps a
saloon and lodging house at 116 Eddy
street, is being sued for divorce by Eliz
abeth Evans. She charges that he has
been unfaithful to her and has failed to
provide for her. .
A suit for divorce was commenced yes
terday by James A. Dlnienne against
Florence Dinienne. He alleges that sho
deserted him two years after ,their mar
riage at Oakland in 1899.
Divorces were granted yesterday to Al
fred A. Marlatt from Virginia A.
Marlatt for cruelty, Alba H.
Dickinson, from. W. A". Dickinson for
failure to provide, Robert J. Munn from
Barbara Munn for desertion, Abraham
Heineman from Mae B. Heineman for de
sertion and Ella Savlcle from Louis
Savicle for cruelty.
¦ Expert Williams of the Finance Com
mittee prepared a statement showing that
there are now 3100 saloons, paying a li
cense of $84 per annum each, making a
total of $260,400. The increase to 1200
would reduce -the number of saloons to
about 3000, Insuring a revenue of $600 000
or an increase of $339,600. There are now
about 1000 nickel-in-the-slot machines pay
ing $40 per year, or a total of $40,000 If
the license were increased to $120 per year
the revenue therefrom would be $90,000. as
suming that the increase license would re
sult in a decrease to 750 machines
• School Director Woodward explained
that plans for building new schoolhouses
had been prepared which would eat ud a
surplus of some $135,900 32 in the school
fund as returned by the State Controller
The sum of $25,000 had been contracted for
cost $45,000. Woodward was piled with
questions to learn what the board intend
ed to do with the remainder of the sur
plus, but the Director would give no di
rect answer, claiming he was not aware
of such a surplus A statement furnished
by the State Controller showed the fol
lowing figures: • .
Receipts from State to school, fund
to date Sno nnj. 00
Probable receipts up to June 30, 1002 245^ 000 00
Receipts from rents, etc. .fUS 00
Estimate in budget. ........'... . . . . .*?JM gg
-Leaving a surplus of $87 004 <?r
Unused, balance school fund, lOOO-oV. , 48)295 41
Available surplus ..¦.;...:.;.¦..... .$130,000 32
Director Roncovleri held that the state
ment was mere guesswork and should not '
. p-overn the .board in making the School
Department allowance. . DV -" l r J f |
Assessor Ginty aaked for $4000
Instead of ?3500 for stationery for the
Assessor's office, including fifty-four new
mortgage books. Secretary Moran want- '
"The money need not come from the
taxpaytrs," said Wittman. "If you can
not see your way to increase the liquor
license, why not raise the license on
nickel-in-the-slot machines to $120 per
year, and I will give you the best police
department In the world? I will give you
607 patrolmen, which will insure eight
hour watches and better protection for all
districts. Last year there was a carnival
of crime in this city, which will be re
peated next year. This Is a dumping
ground for the criminal element in the
winter time. There Is no captain in the
district west of Larkin street to the
ocean. We ought to have one more cap
tain, six additional lieutenants and 600
patrolmen, instead of 531 as provided for
There are now twenty-six men on the
civil service eligible list of policemen and
another examination will shortly be held."
REVENUES FROM LICENSES.
Chief of Police Wittman said that if the
board would give the Police Department
$100,000, in addition 'to the $838,084, he would
be satisfied. / '
Registrar Walsh said that two special
elections for a bond issue and charter
amendments held after the next general
election In November would cost $7500
each and the bond election to be held next
spring would cost $20,000. Walsh asked
for $155,000 instead of $133,000, which al
if.ady included provision for one , bond
election.
COST OF ELECTIONS.
Braunhart asked Watt If the item of
$45,000 for a new firehouse and site in
the boarding-house district could not be
eliminated in view of the fact, that a
bond issue; is proposed for the purchase
of iirt houses.
"The enormous Increase in the number
of large frame building in the district
near Bush and Jones streets is jeopard
ising the safety of the city," said Watt.
"I would ask this board not to remove
the restrictions of the building laws in
granting permits to erect houses. I
would hardly approve of a plan to build
a temporary fire engine house to give
protection to the district, but it is impos
sible to rent a suitable place for the
purpose."
Treasurer McDougald pleaded for an
appropriation to pay the premiums on
official bonds of city officers. McDougald
said that he paid $500 yearly for a bond
of $100,000 ,to the surety companies, who
had formed a trust to mulct city offi
cials* His office deputies paid $450 addi
tional as premiums and McDougald held
that it was an injustice to infringe on
the salaries of city employes. Deputy
Merton C. Allen stated that the surety
trust exacts a bond of $195,000 from the
Treasurer's office, or $95,000 in excess of
what the charter requires. Allen said
the surety companies arfe interfering
in the conduct of municipal affairs and
attempting to control affairs in city of
iices besides exacting bonds from subor
dinate employes who are not in responsi
ble positions. The amount needed to pay
the premiums on all official bonds would
be $4800 and the commissions on collateral
inheritance taxes would more than pay
the expense, Allen said.
WANTS NEW FIBEHOUSE.
Fire Commissioner Watt said the Fire
Department could get along without new
apparatus, but if the board found that
after readjusting the budget it could
spare funds for a new engine or two and
to set more hydrants tne commission
would be satisfied. ,
'.'We ask for enough money," said
Watt, "to fill up the companies according
to the charter requirement. The firemen
are compelled to live in the firehouses,
which are in some cases uninhabitable.
AVt: would like to give the men one day
ofl! in ten. To fill the companies up will
require $26,400 in addition to the $403,830
recommended. We need an extra painter,
an extra machinist and two more
hostlers, or $2640 more.
Coroner Leland pleaded that provision
bo made for permanent improvements in
the nature ot modern appliances for the
proper handling of dead oodles. Leland's
requests were in addition to the allow
ance ot $20,»40 for the maintenance of his
omce as recommended by the committee.
Chief Hewitt of the Department of Elec
tricity said that the sum of $161,(XH), In
stead of f'JO.OOO, should be provided for the
department. The sum of $25,000 would be
collected in fees next year, which Hewitt
thought should be credited to his depart
ment. Fire Commissioner Watt said that
the training of the wires to the new cen
tral fire alarm and police telegraph star
tion in the City Hall courtyard would
cost considerable. The board has allowed
$7500 tor the building, but it will merely
house the apparatus, and $7500 additional
id necessary, Watt said.
Recorder Godchaux said it would re
quire $28,b00 to pay his copyists, or $2800
more than the Finance Committee allows.
This amount is- necessary because the
copyists were doing Jluo worth of work
per month yet received only $73 on ac
count of an insufficient appropriation,
Godchaux said.
CORONER STATES NEEDS.
"We acknowledge," said Brandenstein,
"that the budget contains- errors, and we
welcome any suggestions that may be
made."
When the board convened Brandenstein
said that it was not expected by the Fin
ance Committee that tne budget it had
recommended should be adopted as iinal
by. the board.
A number of city officials appeared yes
torday before the ! Board of Supervisors
sitting as a committee - of the whole to
consider next year's tax^ budget, for the
purpose of Inducing, the city fathers to
make increased appropriations for their
several departments over those recom
mended by the Finance Committee. V
# Previous to the meeting a conference of
the Supervisors -was held In the,commit
tee-room to discuss the advisability of
raising the retail liquor license to $200 per
year. Several of the Supervisors, includ
ing Connor and Wilson, urged that the
license be raised in order to provide ad
ditional revenue for the Police Depart
ment. A majority of the board, however,
was unalterably opposed to the plan, and
it isr-doubtful whether any move will be
made in that direction.' ¦
Attorney Short will argue the case for
the plaintiff this morning and will be
followed by J. E. Foulds and former
Judge Garber for the railroad. Attorney
General Ford will make the concluding
argument for the people.
The case first came up in May,. 1900,
oeiore Judge Bahrs and was stiiirhiuea
on an agreed statement of' tacts. ;j udg*
Bsthrs held at that time that the-.Rail
road Commissioners had a right to ehr
join the company from- reverting to the
higher rate. This decision was later re
versed by the Supreme Court.
The Southern .Pacific claims that the
rate of .$3 75 was not a competitive rate to
meet the opposition of the San Joaquin
\ alley road when it went Into operation,
but was a special rate made to aid in
the booming of, the valley.
Attorney General Tirey I* Ford, Dep
uty Attorney General George A. Sturte
vant Frank H. Short of Fresno ap
peared for the plaintiffs. The attorneys
for the Southern Pacific Company were
J. E. Foufds and former Judge Garber,
who has been retained as special counsel.
John Moss, assistant general freight
and passenger agent of the San Fran
.cisco and San Joaquin Valley road, tes
tified to the opening of the fcsan Joaquin
Valley line In January, 1S97.
James Horsburgh Jr., assistant general
passenger agent of the Southern Pacific
Company, was the next witness He
testified that the $3 75 rate was bj' no
means intended as a cut to meet ' the
rates of the San Joaquin Valley road, but
was a special rate for those that chose
to take advantage of it. The $3 75 ticket,
he said, did not permit passengers' to get
off at way stations between San Francis
co and Fresno and required that all bag
gage be checked through between those
points. The $5 90 ticket, he added, re
mained in force with stop-over advan
tages and privileges.
The testimony of W. S. Mattingley and
John C. Moore, given at the former trial
of the case, was read and admitted in
evidenpe by consent of counsel.
Their testimony was to the effect that
they had always paid $3 75 for their tick
ets between "Fresno and San Francisco.
The testimony of S. F. Booth, ticket
agent at Fresno, was next read. Booth
testified that he knew nearly every ono
traveling from Fresno to San Francisco
and sold them the 53 75 tickets. He said
they could have had the $5 90 ticket for
the asking.
C. R. Preek, baggage agent of the
Southern Pacific Company, testified that
the regulations printed on the $3 75
tickets, regarding the checking of -bag
gage through from point to point, had
always been adhered to by him. The
testimony of Preek concluded the taking
of evidence.
The suit of the Railroad Commission
ers versus the Southern Pacific Company
or, as it is better known, Bdson vs. the
Southern Pacific Company, came up yes
terday morning before Judge -Kerrigan.
lne suit is tor an injunction to restrain
the Southern Pacinc Company irom
charging a rate of #90 between Sah
Francisco and Fresno, in lieu of a rate
of $3 75 which went into [effect August
Will Bring Twenty Thousam
Horsepower to This City
Within Year.
Wife of Policeman Ingham
Says He Treats Her
Cruelly.
Powers of the Railroad Com
missioners Involved
in the Suit.
Expre3s Dissatisfaction at
Finance Committee's
Budget v
chase the Big Bend
Tunnel.
Local. Capitalists Pur
Judg*e Kerrigan Hears
Evidence in Icjunc
tion Proceedings.
Clark Asks Court to Give
Child to WpmanHe
Belittles.
City OflBcials Make Ap
peal to Board of
Supervisors. '
FIVE MILLIONS
CAPITAL STOCK
HIS TESTIMONY
PUZZLES JUDGE
SEEK INCREASED
APPROPRIATIONS
FRESNO RATE
CASE ON TRIAL
¦~ -—>•:. &-""»M; ¦ . 'Jb Av./\.JN OxOv>/ !./,»¦ A><i\.xjJuj V JL JbLU xvfeD-A. jl -y. J>1'.A.Y> 20. «1902»
At the Manufacturers* Shoe Sale to set a
pair of. $4 ladies' or men's shoes for $2 15
Bee- Hive Shoe Co., 717 Market St.. near
Third. •
You Are Expected
: Final arrangements have been com
pleted for the annual picnic and outing
of the Young Men's Catholic Union,
¦which will be held Decoration day at
Fairfax Park, neaf San Rafael. ' Special
boats will leave. the San Rafael ferry at
8, 9, 10, 11:30 a. m. and 12:30 and 1:30 p. m.
The committees in charge have been
working energetically, and the picnic
promises to be *the most successful ever
given by this well-known society.
Catholic TJnion Outing.
Bock Island Route Excursions
Leave San Francisco every Wednesday and
Sunday, via Rio Grande and Rock Island Rail
ways, and via Los Angeles and El Paso every
Sunday, and Tuesday, via Southern Pacific and
Rock Island Railways, for Omaha. Kansas
City. Chicago and all points East. For further
information address Clinton Jones, General
Agent Rock Island Railway. 62-1 Market St. *
7
STATEMENT
—or the—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
—OK THE
Thuringia
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF ERFURT. GERMANY. ON THE 318T
day of December, A. D. 1001. and tor tha
year ending: on that day, as made to. the In-
surance Commissioner of the State of Call-
!?£ lla *.. p^ uant to the ProTistons of sections
C10 and 611 of the Political Coda, condensed
as per blank furnished by tha Commissioner.
CAPITAL*
Amount of Capital Stock, paid op
la Cash $450.000 00
ASSETS. — — —
Real Estate owned by Company. . $463,235 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages.. 8.028.471 90
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company. . 1,838,022 29
Amount of Loans secured by
pledge of Bonds, Stocks and
other marketable securities as
collateral 053,299 77
Cash in Company's Office 4,848 01
Cash in Banks 883,108 0a
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 68,134 19
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 6,678 81
Premiums in due Course of Col-
lection 21478886
Bills receivable, not Matured
taken for Fire, Marine. Life.
Accident. Burglary and Plat©
Glass Risks 495 345 03
Due from other Companies for Re- * " -
insurance on losses already paid 129 213 78
Due from Life Insurance Com-
P 8111 * 9 f 221.3M 73
Total Assets .$12,814,811 00
LIABILITIES.
Looca adjusted and unpaid.... 1
Losoes in process of Adjust- ' < '.
ment or in Suspense.... ¦ $237,180 00
Losses resisted, including ex-
Gross premiums' on Flra Risks' [
running one year or less.
$ ; reinsurance 30 i
percent '. . 748,337 79
Gross Dremhims on Fire Risks \
running more than one year, ,
$ ; reinsurance pro
rata .- jr '. -• .*; »
Grofs •premiums on Marine and I; '•££/&
Inland Navigation Risks.
$ ; reinsurance 100 i
per cent , 4 qqq j m
Gross premiums on Marine ¦ '
Time Risks, $ ¦ ; re-
insurance 60 per cent J;
Liability tinder other Branches.. 9,776,2^0 23
Cash dividends remaining unpaid 235 OQ
Pension fund of Company's em-
Ployes j2o 107 4(.
AH other Liabilities 616,32tt 2«
Total Liabilities, .$11,402,914 8fl
• INCOME. = .
Xet cash actually received for
Fire premiums 11 152a itx* ra
N«t cash actually received for
Marine premiums 21,823 53
Received for Interest on Bonds
and Mortgages. 322133 4T
Received for Interest and dlvl- •
dends on Bonds. Stocks. Loans
and from all other sources.... 80 839 89
Received for premiums of other *
Branches 1677 681 Kt
Received from all other sources.. O^eoi TO
Total Income $3,694,961 97
¦ EXPENDITURES. "
Net amount paid for Fire Losses. $812,274 Ot
Net amount paid for Marine •<•-"'•¦*«» »*
¦ Losses 82.032 II
Dividends to Stockholders 120 - COO 00
Paid or allowed for Commission
or Brokerage 553 236 64
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other '*"••**' **
charges for officers, clerks, etc. 824 843 41
Paid for State. National and '
Local taxes 29 274 80
All other payments and expendl- "
turea 1,084.729 67
Total Expenditures $2,956,411 56
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year ....... . . ...... $927,283,619 $2,828,406 78
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
nJf*!*;™"* •,— ;—• 834,537.627 2,257.793 08
Net amount in force
December 31. 1901.. 692.540,679 1.474,457 82
Risks and Premiums. Mar. Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the ~
*** r I $35;C54.264l 145,018 25
Net amount of Risks I
expired during the
--»«« 19,279,408 42,545 97
Net amount in force
December 31. 1001.. 14.021.706 21.823 05
~ DR. MAX LUDEWIO. Manager. '
CARL SCHUMANN. Secretary,
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 17th
day of April. 1902.
TIXOS. EWING MOORE. U. S. Consul.
VOSS, CONRAD & CO.,
Managers,
San Francisco.
The Weekly Call
$1 per Year,
I !.....g TQ cALL SUBSCRIBERS ONLY. f M ' j
© Every person contracting: to take The Call for six (6) months can secure a §15.00 SET 03? J
i "OUR ISl AMDS ifNli THFIR PFflPf F" 1
9 , ¦..¦: , ¦ ¦ ; ' - , ¦ . . . , \ ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦¦:-. ' ' <
O *^™" ¦ "^^ ¦ .' - . \ :¦..'•: "
9 > Books will be expressed to subscribers upon receipt of $3.20. Expressage at subscriber's expense. |
9 Cannot be bought elsewhere for less than the regular subscription price of $15. <
J; AN INVALUABLE ADDITION TO EVERY LIBRARY! f J
| AN ORNAMENT TO ANY DRAWING ROOM! . V^v ' !
J ' A SOT/ROB OF INSTRUCTION AND ENTERTAINMENT for old and young, yielding the de- <
• lights of travel without its inconveniences. ' I
I THE CALL'S SPECIAL OFFER; |
• / / j^ '¦ ¦¦•¦'• n ¦ •' ¦ ' mil.. m smsk. ' ' " " - ¦
| AS SEEN WITH CAMERA AND PElViCIL. |
| • .. INTRODUCED BY /•; y " * . J
8 v MAJOR-GENERAL J05EPH \VHEELER, t
• o' UNITED STATES ARMY. >:/ . - " v \
J . With Special Descriptive Matter and Narratives by,, J
| J OS E D E O B I^A R E S / J
> The Noted Author and War Correspondent. - %
> Author of "The Trocha Telegraph," "The Curse of ; Lope2/'; "The- Last of THe Anguille3," and other West Indian A
!• EMBRACING PERFECT PHOTOGRAPHIC. AND DESCRIPTIVE REPRESENTATIONS OF THE C
i PEOPLE AND THE ISLANDS LATELY ACQUIRED FROM SPAIN, INCLUDING HAWAII €
g' AND THE PHILIPPINES; ALSO THEIR • MATERIAL RESOURCES AND PRODUC- .'•
\ s ' TIONS, HOMES OF THE PEOPLE. THEIR CUSTOMS- AND GENERAL AP- «
% PEARANCE, WITH MANY HUNDRED, VIEWS OF LANDSCAPES, - 5
I RIVERS, VALLEYS, .HILLS AND MOUNTAINS, SO COM- 2
J PLETE AS TO PRACTICALLY TRANSFER THE ISL- Jptj
| With a special consideration of the conditionsthat prevailed before the declaration of war, by Senators Proctor, S
| ' : ' /..Thurston, Money and numerous prominent writers and correspondents, and a comparison with conditions as S
i * "VVIM! S. B!R1T-A.3>T €
I Author of "Footprints of the World's History," "Heroes and' Heroines of America," "America's War for Hu- !
j . , • manity," Etc., Etc. .-;>"¦ - «
» : , . PHOTOGRAPHS BY . |
I WALTER B. TOVVNSEND, FRED. W. TOUT, GEO. E. , DOTTER AND OTHERS. J
!wBte8SH8^^;v^-' ¦ " ; »- ; •-¦ — — — ' - • ; - - - T i
J ' . COMPLETE IN; TWO QUARTO VOLUMES.-. ;; f ; f
\ REGULAR PRICE $i5.co PER SET. ; SPECIAL TO CALL READERS $3.20 PER SET. J
> Superbly illustrated with more than Twelve Hundred Special Photographs,. Colortypes and new Colored Maps. €
>' : it^N.' B.— Only subscribers to Daily Call are entitled I to these books at premium rate. All ; mail orders %
|. must be •accompanied by $3.20, and books "will :be~ shipped by express, the cost of transportation to be paid by S
>' subscriber at 'destination." r ; v; ! 0
ANOTHER BIG WEEK AHEAD
SOUVENIR MATIXEK SATURDAT.
[ affl^S TO-DAY jgg &
BY PUBLIC DEMAND °
Mr. James Neill ?& Co.
Tictonting an thJs peck Sol Smith Runell't
'.omcay Success
A BACHELOR^ ROMANCE
SUNDAY NIGHT.
THE RED KNIGHT
Br Georsr*. H. Broadhurst.
SEATS TO-MORKQW.
yaudevillTmagnates.
Peter F. DaUey and Company; Stuart
Barnes; Two Little Pucks; Lotta
Gladstone, and the Biograph. Last
times of the 8 Plcchiant Sisters;
Midgley and Carlisle; Little Elsie,
and Dooley and Fowley.
SPECIAL MATINEE DECORATION DAY.
Reserved Bents. 25c; Balcony. 10c; Box Beats
•n<l Opera Chairs. 60c.
EPECIAL. MATINEE TO-MORROW— DECOR-
ATION' DAY.
t>ual Saturday and Sunday Matinees.
Instantaneous Success of America's Magnetic
Star,
MAUDE TEALY
In J. M. Barrie's Original Version of
"THE LITTLE MINISTER."
First Time on Any Stage at
POPCLAR PRICES 10c. 15c. 23c. 50c 75c
Good Orchestra Seats All Matinees 25c.
Next Week— "MY LADY DAINTY."
.f*m IIEHS21A SAS FRAKKSCO'S
VULy^SOSH LEADING THEATRE
Potrell Street. Near Market.
EVERY NIGHT THIS WEEK.
INCLUDING SUNDAY.
3JATINEB SATURDAY ONLY.
KATHRYN KIDDER
In a Notable Revival of t>avid Garrick's Comedy
"THE COUNTRY GIRL."
Management of Gcorpe H. Brennan.
Sunday — Last time of "The Country Girl."
Next Week— Last Nights of
KATHRYN KIDDER
And her first appearance in Alexandre Dumas'
"FRANCILLON."
. V Adapted by L. DU PONT SYLE.
PRICES $150. $1. 75c. 50c. 25c
EVENINGS AT 8 SHARP.
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 SHARP!
ONLY A FEW MORE NIGHTS.
Of the Host Charming of Operas,
THE
SINGING GIRL
DON'T MISS THIS GREAT SHOW.
MONDAY. June 2 — The Famous Favorite,
"THE TOY MAKER."
POPULAR PRICES 25c. 50c and 75c
Telephone — Bush 9.
FiSCher'S theater.
TO ~ IC THD
MORROW cnJ. 11 .,
AFTERNOON SPECIAL
DECOBATI0N DAY MATINEE.
"FIDDLE DEE DEE"
Will be presented ¦with all the new features
and something- particularly funny and inter-
esting for children, who Can come for 10 cents;
adults, 25c. anywhere.
See KOLB, DILL, BERNARD, BLAKE,
I-fERMSEN. and hear the new songs of AM-
BER and GALLICK, and eee the whirlwind
dances of HOPE and EMERSON. i
BEL&SCO A"BTrsALCS vfortftft
W i""4 . OKSttttTtUkU
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
EXTRA MATINEE TO-MORROW.
(Decoration Day.)
MATINEE SATURDAY and SUNDAY.
Elaborate Production of the Melodramatic Suc-
cess of Two Continents,
Hands Across
the Sea.
6trong Cast — Scenic Effects of Rare Magnitude.
FRICFS Even » n «r» ioc tococ
iniWL3 Matinees 10c. 15c, 25o
Nert Week— "SIDEWALKS OF NEW YORK."
41Vh eat r rTA ?
TO-NIGHT— LAST TIMES.
SPECIAL MATINEE TO-MORROW, DECO-
RATION DAY.
Brixton Burglary [I
SPECIAL FEATURE THIS WEEK. i
PROF. BOTHWELL BROWNE'S JUVENILE
RAGTIME
FLORODORA SEXTET.
Nert Week— "HIS WIFE'S FATHER." .
EXTRA — Sale of Boxes PJid Seats for first
two weeks of MISS FLORENCE ROBERTS'
engagement opens next Tuesday, 10 a. m.
THP CHI TFS
Fulton Street and Tenth Avenue.
VAUDEVILLE EYErFaFTERKOON AND '
EVENING.
TO-NIGHT ! TO-NIGHT !
GALA AMATEUR PERFORMANCE!
Including
The FLORODORA SEXTETTE
ADMISSION. 10c. CHILDREN. Oc
Phone for Seats — Park 23.
BASEBALL.
CALIFORNIA LEAGUE GAMES.
THURSDAY AND SATURDAY, 3:15 P. M.
FRIDAY. 10:30 A. M., 2:.tO P. M.
SUNDAY. 2:30 P. M.
OAKLAND vsriACRAMENTO. '
RECREATION PARK.
Eighth and Harrison sts.
Advance Sale of Scats. 5 Stockton st. .
SUTRO BATHS ¦
Will Open Nifthts On and After. j
Saturday, May 31, 1902. M
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Four Specials for
This Week Only.
Solid oak parlor table, twenty-
four-inch top. ... $1.40
Guaranteed solid oak chair,
brace arms, cane seat.80c
Solid oak sideboard, French
plate mirror, swell front
drawers ..$12.50
Single or % white enameled
iron bed $2.50
We give you liberal credit.
t. briTliant
I . FURNITURE CO.
i 338-342 PO4ST STREET,
> Opposite Union Square. ¦
For Stomach Disorders*
Cout and Dyspepsia
DRINK
Best NATURAL Alkaline} Water
220 BHOADWAT, N. T.
P/rtfliTP Desirable location,
1 U1UVW unsurpassed cuisine,
j unequaled ser-
/tfin " ce and modern
UllU conveniences are the
~ - attributes that have
lirnrin made these two ho-
UiailU tels popular with.
ww . . « tourists and travel-
HrtTPlC crs *who visit San
llUlCld Francisco.
This Bignatnre is on every box of the genuine
Laxative Bromo*Quimne Tablet*
tbr» remedy that cores a cold In one day, j
I 8I8-82O /AAPKET 3%"-^M FRANQKSQO.
I v Big Reductions §§| Department
If Below £re a Few of the Many Excellent Bargains:
I Women's Hosiery. P nI~~V l^ir
E§ Women's Black Cotton Lace Hose, fast ||HE luD¥h fit " v- '
B colors, full seamless, high spliced heel V* " p ***l|^ H
§1 and toes. Regular price. 20c. |A r _. B 'Whiting's reg-
¦ new at lV/W fllS H tilar 25c stock.
S Fancy Figured and Striped 1Qr» .. 'JL B llne . n * " atln . a 1 d
li Hose, were We. now.-. It/C UnhBinnn El velvet finish :
EJ Ifnir rflllrr 13 commercial and
m g* * oa f lHllb*BUfcl« H octavo size.
| Croats or Stocks. g «*«»•
H 100 different deslens, very A.A.C WtU. «M PlMCK. H Fountain Pfill«
W nobby. Regular 75c values, now. t*xV* MMnvrimmiMi B ruuuiaiU I CBS
B >i *-»- m ~7T»«d »» - - * *• •«*•• •»••""•*•» H Flnck's xuar-
| New Style Silk Belts. /- rau - 1 * § 'Tat.*;?,
ra We will put on sale this week about 40 '—Jp» ,-,-.,-,-.—, M W Pens from
fjS styles of the newest creations in Ladles' -^ttTMilPfsWiil illillMIM W ....Si 50 to'lVcO
H Pilk Belts, sold at no other atore In tha * *
B State at less than 75c, $1.00, $1.23, $1.50. « * - "~~"~~
Bf Our prices will be O A /-» C* it M I* Of* a
I ••• ,--38c. 49c. 72c »4c Swell Negligee Shirts
M I nfact TAm/rinKf Plain or pleated bosoms, figured or
U LaieSL V/OPyriQLlL striped effects, cuffs to match. £»Q~
D n - x r» x r* • Elsewhere $1.00; oiir price \JZC,K* %
M bOOKS flt LUi r flCeSi Al3 ° a "ne ln Percales and Mad-
El ras. Sold elsewhere at $1.25; QQ~
Q Dorothy Vernon. by Ma- <tri f\Q our price UOw
Ll Jor. Pub. price. $1.50; cut to OlevIO
|j The Crisis, by Churchill. <JJ * f\ O ?
|3 Pub. price. $1.50; cut to.... OlevFO Hammnrl/c
H The Velvet Glove, by Merriman. Pub. llOinillUCKS* |
J price, $1.50: cut to........ C| QO opo weave full-size hammock, with
R "*'""¦ * ' " " , . _ pillow and valance or fringe concealed ?
|J The Puppet Crown by Me- QO r spreader at head and wood bar QD-
g Gratb, Pub. price, $1.50; cut to. uOW at foot; regular $1.50; this week. «7OC
II a _ I !_....**..... _f nST~— Canvas weave, elerant and strong:
§1 An Unusual Utter. ««• •• »bove: K W i» r c| 47 |
I GERMANY'S ARMY AND NAVT. »2.25; thi. week *> 1 .4 i
1 by Gustav A. Slgel and Major General "~~~~*
I j Von Scecht. Artistically illustrated in /> • /\ <*•. **
1 colors, nearly 200 pages, bound In mo- LamDinO UUTllt^
I rocco, 14x18 inches, gilt edge, printed in vumpmy VUUI19* J
I both English and German. Never sold Camp Furniture. Tents. Folding Cots 5-
j for less than $12.50. We offer at the Chairs. Stools. Tables, Lanterns. Flags,
a very special price of $6 OO F « a t°onh>g, stoves. Cooking Utensils,Sun, Moon -and Tide. . -[¦-.¦¦ '^
United States Coast and Geodetic ' Survey —
• Times and Heights of High and , Low
. Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official: aU
\ tliority of, the Superintendent .-¦¦-•¦ ',
NOTE — The With and low waters occur at
the city- front . (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same'at both places.
THURSDAY. MAY 29.
VESSEL WHICH ARRIVED
TUESDAY AFTER EXCITING
EXPERIENCE IN A GALE.
Movements of Steamers.
OCEAN STEAMERS. - \
NEW YORK— Sailed May 2S— Stmr Meno
mlnee, for London; stmr Oceanic, for Liver
pool; stmr Philadelphia, for Southampton; stmr
Kensington, for Antwerp; . stmr Mongolian, for
Glasgow.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived M"ay 27— Stmr Dom
inion and Pretrrlan, for Montreal. :
QUEENSTOWN — Arrived May 28 — Stmr
Commonwealth, from Boston, for Liverpool.
bence Mar 6. ""*
FOREIGN PORTS.
ANTWERP— Sailed* May 25— Fr bark Bour
bakl, for San Francisco.
DUBLIN — Arrived May .,26 — Br ship ¦ Cam
brian" Chieftain, from Tacoma. ¦ . . ¦
LONDON — Arrived May 27 — Br-shlp Red
Rock, from Fraser River. ,
QUEENSTOWN — Arrived May 27 — Br Bhio
Boadlcea, from Seattle, and galled for Car
diff; Br ship Scottish Lochs, from Tacoma, and
sailed for Antwerp. •'
LUNDY ISLAND — Passed May 28 — Supposed
Fr bark Cassard. hence Feb 13, for Bristol.
KINSALE — Pafs?d May 28 — Br ship ElKin-
Ehire. from Tacoma. v for Queenstown. S.'
YOKOHAMA — Sailed May 27— Br stmr Gae
lic, for San Francisco. |
Arrived May 27 — Jap stmr Nippon Mam,
hence May 9.
VALPARAISO-^Sailed May 28— Ger stmr.
Abydos, for San Francisco.-,
KEAH BAT — i'assea out Aiay m — o».m "=
trlever and ship Spartan, for San Francisco ;
ship Charmer, for Dutch Harbor. •
Parsed In May 2S— Schr Frank W. Howe:
Br ship Ellen A Reed, from" Newcastle. Ays ;
U S stmr "Wisconsin, hence May 24; stmr City
of Puebla, hence May.26; schr Samar, for Val
paraiso.
ASTORIA— Sailed May 2S— Stmr Columbia,
for Pan Francisco. fl
SAN PEDRO— Arrived May 28— Stmr Noyo.
from Fort Bragg; stmr Lakme. from Redondo;
stmr Bonlta, hence May '26; stmr Santa Mon
ica, from Eureka. ¦ ' _ .
Sailed 3Iay 2S— Schr R W Bartlett, for Port
Blakeley; schr Salvator. for Tacoma; stmr Sa
moa, with schr C A Klcse in tow, for San
Francisco: pchr Bangor, for Tacoma; stmrs
Melville Dollar. Lakme and " Bonita. for San
Francisco; achr Gem, for Coquille River.
SAN DIEGO— Sailed May 23 — Schr Bertha
Dolbeer, for Eureka; schr Louise, : for Ump
qua. . . . >, -i - -
EUREKA,— Arrived May 28— Stmrs Pomona
and Chas Nelson, hence May 7.
Sailed May 2S— Schr Serena Thayer, for San
Francisco. T
PORT HADLOCK— Sailed May 28— Schr
Loul*e S, for Chlcnlk Bay.
EVERETT — Arrived May 28 — Ger stmr Sera
plsT fr-om Tacoma.
I PORT KENYON- Arrived May 28, 1 p m—
Stmr Argo. hence May 26.
FORT BRAGO — Arrived May 28— Stmr Na
tional City, hence May 27. ~ ¦ : - . '
SEATTLE — Arrived May 27 — Stmr Dolphin,
from Ska,srway: stmr Ohio, hence May 24.
Sailed May 27 — Stmr Dlrieo. for Skagway.
POINT REYES — Passed May 28, 10 a , m —
Ftmr Robert Dollar, from Falrhaven, for San
Pedro. ¦ .. .- . ' . ' ¦
COOS BAY — Arrived May 28 — Stmr Alliance,
from A«torla.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived May 28—
Stmr Alcatraz. from Greenwood.
ISLAND PORTS. ". . '
HONOLULU— To sail May 21 — Schr Otelia
Pedersen, for Port Townsend. - May 30 — Bark
Andrew Welch, - for San Francisco; ship Dlii-
KO. for New York. -
KAHULUI— Sailed May 16— Bark Antlope,
for Fan Francisco. .
HILO— Arrived May 16 — Stmr Enterprise,
DOMESTIC PORTS.
TO ARRIVE.
C. T. Janson filed a suit for mainten
ance" yesterday against "his son, Charles
Jansen, -a member of the firm of Harp
ham & Jansen of 524 -Washington street.
He alleges that he is more than 80 -years
of age and unable to work for a living.
Sues Son for Support.
If you do, .buy your chips of us.. We
have aVpomplete stock of. chips, playing
cards, dice, chessmen, checkers and a
large variety of tally- cards. Sanborn,
Vail & Co., 741 Market st. *
Do You Play Poker P
Julia Campion, who lives at 1126 Howard
street, visited Secretary White of the
California -Society for the Prevention, of
Cruelty to .Children yesterday and. stated
that her father was very abusive of her
self and two younger children. She
showed a dangerous looking bludgeon,
which she said her father had made for
the purpose of- beating the members of his
family when they proved unruly.
Says Her % Father Is Cruel.
Because a Judge of the Superior Court
erred in admitting certain evidence, there
is a possibility that John Nichols may
lose $12,000 ' which was awarded him in a
suit ¦ brought against A. W. Randall-.
Nichols loaned Randall $35,000 in 18S3. In
1897 there was a difference of. a trifle
more than $58,000 in the. accounts kept by
the litigants of this transaction. Nichols
secured a judgment for a portion of what
he claimed was due him in the lower
court, but the Supreme Court .orders a
new trial.
Much enthusiasm prevails among the
friends of the enterprise. The stock of
the company after June 1 will be sold at
$2 50 per share. The model can be seen at
37 Suiter street^San Francisco. - .
- ¦ — ~, » . ¦ j.
Their Accounts Differ.
A large crew of workmen have been at
work on the buildings for some weeks
past and the main building is rapidly tak
ing shape. The Southern Pacific Com
pany has constructed a switch for the
accommodation of the company, and lum
ber^ by the carloads is going out every
week. . : .
-Among the contributors to the enter
prise Is Mrs. Hearst, who, in her broad
mindedness, has donated to the company
a site for buildings on her premises near
Pleasanton, Alameda County.
: California' will be^heard £r,om through
the Toliver Aerial Navigation Company, ;a
combination of California men who have
made a most auspicious beginning. They
have interested many prominent people
who are glad to be known among the pro
moters of science. They have patents
which experts are taking great interest in.
The great problem of the day and of the
air is engaging the sober thought of some
of the best people of the world.
Them.
X
The Toliver Airship ..Will Soon Chase
AMONG THE CLOUDS.
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day,
1. e., at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
p. m., Greenwich time.
• ¦ W. H. STANDLET, ..-¦¦¦',
Lieutenant, U. S. N., In charge. ..
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographies Of flee, U. ' S.'. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, < San Francisco, " ,CaI..
. May 28. -1902. . , -
NOTE — In ! tho ' above exposition of ¦ the tides
ths early morning tides 'are given in the left
hand .column and j this - sncccsslve tides of .the
day In the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives tho last tide of. the
day, except when there are but three! tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights ( given, are in
addition to the soundings. of the United States
Cpnet Survey charts, except when a minus (— )
sign precedes the height . and then the number
given is subtracted . from the depth given . by
the charts. :.' The plane of reference is the mean
of tho lower low waters. [ '¦"..¦¦'•.:'
TO SAIL.
POINT LOBOS. May 28. 10 pm— Weather
bftzy; wind NW, • velocity 24 miles per hour- "
TELEGRAPHIC.
Wednesday, May' 28.
Stmr Olympic, Han«en,.-Xew Whatcom. ; -
Stmr Indiana, Morle. Seattle.
¦ Stmr Geo ;W Elder. Randall, Astoria.
Ktmr Homer. Donaldson, Tlllamook.
. Btrnr City of Para, Zeeder, Panama and way
ports.
¦ Stmr. Rainier,, Ha risen, Seattle; '<¦ •>'./
', Htmr Phoenix. Odland. Mendoclno. ' -
Stmr Gualala. Weber, Bowens Landing. • ¦
Stmr ' Coronado. Johnson, Grays Harbor-^
' Stmr Redwood City, - Hansen, — , — c '
Br shlD Lydgate, Jones, Queenetown. '.." I
¦ . Br ; ship • Montgomeryshire, Edwards, Liver
pool. ¦ : - Vjr«j»»Ja3w««) ' ¦ ' -*,>'¦;
Bktn. Quickstep, . Mellln, Columbia River. ,'
Schr Robert Seaxles," Plltse. Port Blakeley. •
¦ Schr. Western. Home, Lembke, Coos Bay,' >*i
Bchr Eliza Miller. Bremmer, La Pax. - ¦
SAILED.
• Wednesday, May 28.' '
Stmr City of Para, Zeeder, -Panama and. way
ports; Pacific Mail SS Co. » f.
Stmr Rainier. Hansen; Pollard SS Co.
Stmr State of California," Thomas, San -Diego;
Goo^all. Perkins & Co.
Stmr Aberdeen, Hlggins, Portland;- Beadle
Bros.
Bark S C Allen. Johnson, Honolulu; -Wil
liams. Dimond & Co. "» -'";;.»
CLEARED,
. . . . Wednesday, May 28.
Strar Crescent City.' Tayn*. : 33 hours from
Crescent City. „_":- „
Stmr Coos Eay, Glelow, 61 hours from New-
Stinr Sequoia, Wlnkel, C7 hours from Wlllapa
StmrPel Norte. Jacobsen, 31$ days from Co-
Q Stmr North Fork. Nelson, 2ft hours from Eu-
Nor stmr Titanla, Esrenes, 80 ' hours from
Nanalmo. ' *: ¦
6hlp Geo Curtis. Calhoun. 30 days from
Honolulu. - A
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
The steamer fouad the log soon after leav
ing her slip at the ferry- depot. She had
straightened out on her course and was goltwr
full K>eed ahead. The log, which had been
partly submerged, was picked up by the wheel
and taken into the paddle- box, where it stuck
The ferry-boat Tamalpais picked up a 'oe
yesterday morning on her 9:30 trip , from .this
city, completely wrecked her starboard wheel
and scared half to death a large number of
Mixes With a Log.
J. C. Luna, C. Dietrich'. Mrs. H. S. Jerome
MIs» J. Culien. D. N. Richardson, Miss M.
McEntee, A. Martinez, C. E. Cortez, H. H.
Evans. J. Johnson, F. J. Rushton A ' and W
Coppel. Miss L. Morenn, F. -N. Kimball. C J.
Hutnan, E. Wood, Otto Hamreel. Mrs. M
Muruin. E. H. Davison, F. J. Bradley and
wife, A. L. Dieguez, A. Neuman. E. D - Par
eons. E. Logan. F. McMillan, W. E. Shoppe
<\ J. IX fipreckels. James Garry. D. Howells
H, E. E.v 8 ns. P. N. Kelleher. Miss Jennl*
Perez, A. Pu«ra.
The Pacific Mall Company's steamer City of
Para sailed yesterday for Panama and way
ports with a large cargo and. a passenger list
much larger than the vessels of this line have
been carrying of late.' Among the passengers
were :
City of Para Sails.
To Central America — 2917 bbls flour, 4550 gaU
coal oil, 21 cs cartridges. 57 cs canned goods.
431 lbs bread. 250 lbs dried fruit. :WH lbs ham
and bacon. 219 pkgs groceries and provisions,
IB* bales dry goods. 20 bales bags, 14 ca add.
554 lbs millstuffs.' 2 bales leather, 30.994 feet
lumber. It5 bales cotton domestics. 10,030 lbs
corn. 130 lbs- cheese. 25 pkgs drugs and sun
dries. 19 bales cotton, r.tj eks coke,' 223 sks
coal. JS4 pkgs bottled beer. '4 cs hats, 114 pkgs
hardware. 5 friegs electrical supplies. 292 bdls
iron 17,245 lbs lead. 00 pkgs machinery. 4100
lbs lard. 242.980 lbs cement. 20 gals brandy,
42 bxs candles, 500 lbs bone fish.. 2 flasks quick
silver. 175 pkgs paints and oils, 8 kegs nails,
{Xfif. lbs rosin. 41,433 lbs tallow,^81 cs station
ery 80 cts onions, 13 bxs paste. 10C pkgs rail
road material.- 1108 gals and 12 cb wine. 6 cs
salmon.- 507 lbs tea, 3143 lbs spices. 28.5C0 lbs
rice, 4 pkgs boots and shoes, 118 cs and (Jl gals
whisky. 1000 lbs zinc. 22 pkgs wJre, 43 pkgs
an.1 102 pes pipe. 12 bales papcr^rY pkgs rope,
4061 lbs poda. 25 pes steel. . . •
To Panama — 140 bbls flour. 20.0C0 feet lum
ber 181 pkgs machinery, J8C0 lbs dried fruit,
1 bale dry goods,- 1 bale bag?, 8 pkgs building
material. 76.8C0 lbs rice. 659« lbs bran, 3C81
lbs beans, 2 cs oil. 1 flask quicksilver.
To Peru— 1859 lbs shrimps. •
To Mexico — 14,351 feet lumber, 90 pkgs ma
chineiy. 8 pkgs plows. SO bales bap?, 2780 lbs
bread. &9<i lbs butter. 8 ctls barley, 29 cs canned
goods, ft pkgs drugs and^sundries, 27 pkgs dry
gooes. 150 lbs dried fruit, 4 bbls flour, 7 pkgs
electrical supplies. 31 pkgs groceries' and pro
vision?. S8 pkgs hardware. :?2 bdls iron, 5 cs
liquors. 300 lbs millstufTs. 1S.042' lbs tallow.
IS pkgs nails. 29 pkgs paints and oils, 10 bdls
pipe and fittings, 10 cs stationery, 2 cs soap,
:u.-> bdls Phookr.. 40,557 1b? soda, 15 bdls steel,
7000 shingles, 10 cs and 258 gals wine, 20 cs
vhleky. 400 reels barbed wiro. '
The steamer City of Para sailed yesterday
for Panama and way ports with a general mer
chandise cargo valued at $79,11*9, manifested as
follows: For Mexico. *I4,706; Central Ameri
ca, J59.7SS; Panama, $3725;. Peru, $380. The
leading shipments were as follows:
Cargo by the Panama Steamer.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchant^.
The ship S. D. Carleton will load coal at Ta
coma for Honolulu. The Brit'sh steamer Quito
load* Government supplies at Portland for Ma
nila, and not as- before reported. '
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
,The French bark Charlemagne, out 1C7 days
from Noumen, New Caledonia, to Havre, and
the British ship Crown of Scotland, out 125
days from Calcutta for this port, were yester
day placed. on the overdue list at 40 per cent
and 10 per cent respectively. .
Two New Overdues.
The California Dry Dock Company* -was
awarded the contract for erecting a dry dock
in the central basin and granted . the • right to
lease the name far fl\ - e years .on Its completion.
The sum paid will be $79,206.
The Associated Oil Company complained that
raind barges blocked the channel below Sixth
•street to that It could not move its boats.
Chief Wharfinger Henderson was directed to
keep the channel clear.
Charles L. Patlon and Chief Electrician
Hewitt appeared in behalf of the committee
tit the Knights of Pythias. Patton aeked the
board to illuminate the Ferry building, during
the conclave, in Honor of the visitors. The
Commissioners discussed the expense and sug-
Beited that the Knights and Shrincrs. who will
come later, might divide the expense and by
contributing fTOO assist- the Commissioners In
carrying out the plan of illumination. Th»
board opened bids for the permanent wiring of
the building, but no action was taken, ae the
bios were too high. .....
Major Duvol. general superintendent of the
general army transport wharf, asked permis
eioii to build a warehouse on Folsom-street
wharf. The request was taken under consid
eration.
Permission was granted the Pacific Horticul
tural Society to hold a flower show in the nave
of the Ferry building on August 14. 15 and 16.
Lot D. Norton, chief engineer of the Har
bor Commission, appealed to the members of
the board yesterday for more time In which
to file his report of the work done by certain
contractor*. A week ago The Call exposed the
methods employed by the contractors, and the
Harbor Commissioners directed it{ chief engi
neer to investigate. When the matter came
up during the meeting. Norton asked for more
time. This was granted. After the cession
Norton stated it would take him two weeks
to examine the work done by the contractors.
He said other wharves are to be built and he
intends paying particular attention to the work
dene.
Norton Asks for More Time.
The British ships Lydgate and Montgomery
shire which sailed yesterday for England are
going to race home; Captain Edwards of the
Montgomeryshire and ! Captain Jones of the
Lycgate are "townies;" and their meeting here
was their first In many yeare. Both ships have
reputations for speed, neither skipper Is afraid
to crack on sail and each expects to J>e the
first to drop anchor in British mud.
Will Race Home.
securely. Before the engines could be stopped
the log had stripped the wheel clear of blades.
The rattling and rasping- that accompanied the
work of destruction caused a panic among the
passengers, and for a while pandemonium
reigned on the forry-boat. The disabled wheel
wao disconnected and the TamalpalB proceeded
on her Journey with only ope wing working.
It will take several days to repair the damage.
- CABLEGRAM received yester-
J\ day at the Merchants' Exchange
Zj\ from London sets at rest all ru-
Aj\ mors of a job by unscrupulous
speculators in the matter of the
British ship Red Rock, which arrived the
other day at Falmouth. The Red Rock
did actually jettison part of her cargo.
According to the dispatch received yester
day she threw overboard 100 tons of sal-
m Th'e- Red Rock left the Fraser River in
thf storm that wreckefi the Matteawan
and sent' to the bottom the British gun
boat Condor. A few weeks after her de
parture a life buoy bearing the name Ren
Rock and several cases of salmon marked
similarly to that vrith which the Britisher
was loaded were picked up on a northern
beach. The - Red Rock was promptly
placed on the reinsurance list, where she
figured at varying rates until she was
spoken well on toward her journey's end.
The British ship Ardnamurchan, which
left Fraser River a year or so before the
Red Rock sailed, lost overboard some of
her salmon. This salmon was found and
th" ATdnamrrchan was placed on the re
insured list. This coincidence of the un
usual gave rise to a suspicion that the
Red Rock salmon migrht have been found
or planted by unscrupulous speculators
who took their cue from the Ardnamur
chan incident. The existence of this sus
picion tended to keep down the Red Rock
rate. Now that the report of the Red
Rock's voyage establishes the authen
ticity of the salmon's find the legitimate
speculators in reinsurance breathe easier
and the cloud of suspicion has been com
pletely dissipated.
BRITISH SHIP RED ROCK REPORTS HAVING THROWN
OVERBOARD ONE HUNDRED TONS OF CASE SALMON
8
THE SA2 I^ANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 29; 1902.
FROM SEATTLE.
Sun rises
Sun sets
Moon 1 rls<
:3 * I !M I M ". :-! I ". v* ; M 1 1 ; IM 16:66"
.4:49
.7:2*
i. m.
O Time
« H W
20 3:16
30 4:40
L W
31 0:30
1 1 :20
2 2:08
3 2:39
4 3:50
5 4:35
: Time •¦'-. Time Time
Ft. Ft. -- — Ft. &. —
I* W ' H W ;. Ii "W
3.9 10:11 . 1.1 0:35 4.9 11:20
3.7 11:08 1.4 6:15 : 5.0 .....
H W -r: L AV . H W
2.3 6 US -3.7 12:03 1.8 6:61
7.7 7:33 - 3.9 12:54 . 2.1 7:31
1.0 8:50 4.0 1:45 2.3 8:11
0.1 0:55 4.2 2:36 2.5 8:52
|—0.5U0:53 §4.4.3:25 '2.6 9:38
I— O.9|ll:45| 4.6 4:15 2.7 10:21
Ft.
m
5.1
6.3
5.fi
5.8
-«.O
6.0
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Albion River. Albion ..'.;...¦. May 23
llathor. ...... Hamburg & Way Ports. May 20
S. Barbara. . . Seattle '. May 29
M. Collar Redondo May 23
Lakme San Pedro May 2U
I'oint Arena. . Point Arena May Z*
K&nta Ro«sa.. Pan Diego & Way Ports May 29
Aillance.. Portland & Way Ports. May^ 30
Pomona : Humboldt .........../.. May HO
City Sydney.. Panama & Way Ports. May 30
Amer. Maru.. China & Japan ..'...... May 30
Columbia Portland^ Astoria .... May :io
Arfto Eel River Ports. May SO
Phcenlx Mendoclno City . May 31
Pleladw*..... Seattle ... May 31
Che halls Grays Harbor . » May 31
Hontta. Newport &^Way Ports. May 31
San Pedro j Grays' Harbor ..."....... May 31
Kureka Humboldt June 1
Jlpoklnaw... Tacoma June 1
American.... Xew York June 1
Acm«. Fluslaw River ..-. June 1
AuBtralla.... Tahiti June 1
Uit atllla Pwret Sound Pcrts .... June 1
Rcrapls R»attle ....-...». June I
Brooklyn ..... Point Arena . . ......... June 1
S. Mcnlca Ban Pedro ............. June 2
Nevyburs San Pedro June 2
Sierra....... Sydney tk "Way Ports.. June 2
State of Cal. . San Diego & Way Ports. June 2
Palera Valparaiso & Way Port3l.Tune' 3
RlvAl.; Wlllapa Harbor ........ June 4
Coom Bay San Pedro & Way Ports June 1
PehlnK China & Japan June 4
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria .... June 4
CltyPuebla.. Puget Sound Ports. .... June 0
Acapulco Panama & Way Ports.. June 7
Fork. . iHumboldt . . . : : June 7
Argyll /. . I New York via Panama. June S
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
Mnndalay..
Arctic
G. Llndauet
O. Dollar. .
Arcsta
Kureknr. . i .
State Cal..
Lakme....
Coos Bay..
Argo
SeciuM*....
pt. Arena.-.
Alamedr. ..
Queen......
Alliance...
North Foric
Pomona....
Sar-tft Roea
¦ May 20. '/
Coqullle Klver 6 pm
Humboldt :..... ;. . 10 am
Grays Harbor 5 pm
Grays . Harbor ..... 4 pm
Coos Bay & Pt.' Orfd 3 pm
Hurnboldt 0 am
San Diego & Way., 0 am
May 30. /
Astoria & Portland. 12 m
Oan Pedro &.Way.. 0 am
May 81. - :
Eel River Ports.... 4'pm
Grays Harbor...... 4 pm
Point Arena ........ 2 pm
Honolulu' .......... 2 pm
Puget Bound Ports. 11 am
. June. 1.. v- >< i^-
Portland & Way. .-. 3 pmj
Humboldt ......... 9 am
Humboldt 1 :30 p
San Diego & Way.. 9 am
Jtine 2.
Grays Harbor -'.'. ... 6'pm
Astoria &? Portland 11 am
? ¦•¦ Jane 3. - , •. .. .
Humboldt .......:. 10 am
Newport ' & Way. . . 9 tm
Grays Harbor ~. . . . . i 4 . pm
Nome & St. Mlcfcaelj. .....
Jane 5. •-".?;
Puget ' Sound Port».. 11 am
•- -¦•> June 6. - f. • ;•
China &:japan.V.". : l'pmj
Hambg & Way Pu. ,.....,
¦: - v- Jnne'7.;-.;:.:. '¦ :-
\A r lllapa« Harbor ... 14 pm
N; Y; via Panama. . . . i . . .
Astoria 'A Portland. 11 am
Valparaiso \ & Way. 12 t' m
Mexican Ports -¦: .... 10 am
"./¦• June 0. .
Tahiti direct:.:...: 10 am
Panama' &' Way Pts.|12"- m]
Pier 2
Pier 2
PJer —
Pier 2
Pier 13
Pier 13
Pier 11
Pier 2
Pier 11
Pier 2
Pier 2
Pier a
Pier T
Pier 9
|Pler 16
Pier 2
I Pier- U
Pier 11
Newburg . ..
Columbia. .
' . • - ¦ i
I Pier, 2
Pier 24
8. Monica:.
Bonita.....
Cheballs...
St. Paul...
Pier 2
Pier ' 11
i±*ler 2
Pier —
U ma till a...
Pier 0
Amer. Maru
Serapis. . .'.
[PMSS .
Pier —
Klval |
Pleiades...
G .Elder...
Paleria
Curacao.
Pier 2
Pier —
Pier. 2*
Pier; 10
Pier- 11
Australia.'.
Cltv Sydney
Pier T
PMSS
. t
Centennial...
Dolphin. .....
Cottage City.
Senator
Garrone......
Roanoke.. ...
Humboldt .
Ohio.........
C. of Seattle.
C. of Topeka.
Farallon. . . ..
Oregon
Chico. .'...,'. .
Lvra f...
Chas. Nelson.
Valencia
Bertha:.
Indiana. .....
Nome "direct ...........
Skagway & Way Ports.
Skaicway & Way Ports.
Nome
Nome & St. Michael....
Nome & St. Michael. . . .
.Skagway & "Way Ports.
Nome & St. : Michael..*..
Skagway'. & Way Ports.
Skagway & Way Ports.
Skagway & Way Ports.
Nome •
Hope City & Way Pts..
Nome & St. Michael....
Golofnln -Bay direct. . . .
Nome .¦./".
Cooks Inlet & Way Ports
Nome &.St. Michael... |
May 29
May 29
May 30
June 1
June 1
June 1
June * 3
June 3
June 4
June 4
June 3
June S
June 5
June 5
June 5
June '7
June 7
I June -7
Sun rises
Sun sets
Moon 1 rls<
:3 * I !M I M ". :-! I ". v* ; M 1 1 ; IM 16:66"
.4:49
.7:2*
i. m.
O Time
« H W
20 3:16
30 4:40
L W
31 0:30
1 1 :20
2 2:08
3 2:39
4 3:50
5 4:35
: Time •¦'-. Time Time
Ft. Ft. -- — Ft. &. —
I* W ' H W ;. Ii "W
3.9 10:11 . 1.1 0:35 4.9 11:20
3.7 11:08 1.4 6:15 : 5.0 .....
H W -r: L AV . H W
2.3 6 US -3.7 12:03 1.8 6:61
7.7 7:33 - 3.9 12:54 . 2.1 7:31
1.0 8:50 4.0 1:45 2.3 8:11
0.1 0:55 4.2 2:36 2.5 8:52
|—0.5U0:53 §4.4.3:25 '2.6 9:38
I— O.9|ll:45| 4.6 4:15 2.7 10:21
Ft.
m
5.1
6.3
5.fi
5.8
-«.O
6.0
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
Mnndalay..
Arctic
G. Llndauet
O. Dollar. .
Arcsta
Kureknr. . i .
State Cal..
Lakme....
Coos Bay..
Argo
SeciuM*....
pt. Arena.-.
Alamedr. ..
Queen......
Alliance...
North Foric
Pomona....
Sar-tft Roea
¦ May 20. '/
Coqullle Klver 6 pm
Humboldt :..... ;. . 10 am
Grays Harbor 5 pm
Grays . Harbor ..... 4 pm
Coos Bay & Pt.' Orfd 3 pm
Hurnboldt 0 am
San Diego & Way., 0 am
May 30. /
Astoria & Portland. 12 m
Oan Pedro &.Way.. 0 am
May 81. - :
Eel River Ports.... 4'pm
Grays Harbor...... 4 pm
Point Arena ........ 2 pm
Honolulu' .......... 2 pm
Puget Bound Ports. 11 am
. June. 1.. v- >< i^-
Portland & Way. .-. 3 pmj
Humboldt ......... 9 am
Humboldt 1 :30 p
San Diego & Way.. 9 am
Jtine 2.
Grays Harbor -'.'. ... 6'pm
Astoria &? Portland 11 am
? ¦•¦ Jane 3. - , •. .. .
Humboldt .......:. 10 am
Newport ' & Way. . . 9 tm
Grays Harbor ~. . . . . i 4 . pm
Nome & St. Mlcfcaelj. .....
Jane 5. •-".?;
Puget ' Sound Port».. 11 am
•- -¦•> June 6. - f. • ;•
China &:japan.V.". : l'pmj
Hambg & Way Pu. ,.....,
¦: - v- Jnne'7.;-.;:.:. '¦ :-
\A r lllapa« Harbor ... 14 pm
N; Y; via Panama. . . . i . . .
Astoria 'A Portland. 11 am
Valparaiso \ & Way. 12 t' m
Mexican Ports -¦: .... 10 am
"./¦• June 0. .
Tahiti direct:.:...: 10 am
Panama' &' Way Pts.|12"- m]
Pier 2
Pier 2
PJer —
Pier 2
Pier 13
Pier 13
Pier 11
Pier 2
Pier 11
Pier 2
Pier 2
Pier a
Pier T
Pier 9
|Pler 16
Pier 2
I Pier- U
Pier 11
Newburg . ..
Columbia. .
' . • - ¦ i
I Pier, 2
Pier 24
8. Monica:.
Bonita.....
Cheballs...
St. Paul...
Pier 2
Pier ' 11
i±*ler 2
Pier —
U ma till a...
Pier 0
Amer. Maru
Serapis. . .'.
[PMSS .
Pier —
Klval |
Pleiades...
G .Elder...
Paleria
Curacao.
Pier 2
Pier —
Pier. 2*
Pier; 10
Pier- 11
Australia.'.
Cltv Sydney
Pier T
PMSS
. t
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Albion River. Albion ..'.;...¦. May 23
llathor. ...... Hamburg & Way Ports. May 20
S. Barbara. . . Seattle '. May 29
M. Collar Redondo May 23
Lakme San Pedro May 2U
I'oint Arena. . Point Arena May Z*
K&nta Ro«sa.. Pan Diego & Way Ports May 29
Aillance.. Portland & Way Ports. May^ 30
Pomona : Humboldt .........../.. May HO
City Sydney.. Panama & Way Ports. May 30
Amer. Maru.. China & Japan ..'...... May 30
Columbia Portland^ Astoria .... May :io
Arfto Eel River Ports. May SO
Phcenlx Mendoclno City . May 31
Pleladw*..... Seattle ... May 31
Che halls Grays Harbor . » May 31
Hontta. Newport &^Way Ports. May 31
San Pedro j Grays' Harbor ..."....... May 31
Kureka Humboldt June 1
Jlpoklnaw... Tacoma June 1
American.... Xew York June 1
Acm«. Fluslaw River ..-. June 1
AuBtralla.... Tahiti June 1
Uit atllla Pwret Sound Pcrts .... June 1
Rcrapls R»attle ....-...». June I
Brooklyn ..... Point Arena . . ......... June 1
S. Mcnlca Ban Pedro ............. June 2
Nevyburs San Pedro June 2
Sierra....... Sydney tk "Way Ports.. June 2
State of Cal. . San Diego & Way Ports. June 2
Palera Valparaiso & Way Port3l.Tune' 3
RlvAl.; Wlllapa Harbor ........ June 4
Coom Bay San Pedro & Way Ports June 1
PehlnK China & Japan June 4
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria .... June 4
CltyPuebla.. Puget Sound Ports. .... June 0
Acapulco Panama & Way Ports.. June 7
Fork. . iHumboldt . . . : : June 7
Argyll /. . I New York via Panama. June S
Centennial...
Dolphin. .....
Cottage City.
Senator
Garrone......
Roanoke.. ...
Humboldt .
Ohio.........
C. of Seattle.
C. of Topeka.
Farallon. . . ..
Oregon
Chico. .'...,'. .
Lvra f...
Chas. Nelson.
Valencia
Bertha:.
Indiana. .....
Nome "direct ...........
Skagway & Way Ports.
Skaicway & Way Ports.
Nome
Nome & St. Michael....
Nome & St. Michael. . . .
.Skagway & "Way Ports.
Nome & St. : Michael..*..
Skagway'. & Way Ports.
Skagway & Way Ports.
Skagway & Way Ports.
Nome •
Hope City & Way Pts..
Nome & St. Michael....
Golofnln -Bay direct. . . .
Nome .¦./".
Cooks Inlet & Way Ports
Nome &.St. Michael... |
May 29
May 29
May 30
June 1
June 1
June 1
June * 3
June 3
June 4
June 4
June 3
June S
June 5
June 5
June 5
June '7
June 7
I June -7
CALIfOJINIA NORTHWESTERN SI. CO
LESSEES
SAN FRANCISCO AND N0RT.4 PACIFI'3
RAILWAY COMPAKY.
Tlboron Wcrry, Foot of Slarlcet St.
SAN FRAXCISCO TO SAN RAFABIo
WEEK DATS— 7:30. 9:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:35.
3:30, o:10, «:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
•af 11:30 d. m. Saturdays — Extra trips at
1:50 and 11:30 d. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30, 11:00 a.m.: 1:30. 3:30,
5:00 and «:20 p. m. - . .
SAN UAFAEL TO SAN FRAXCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:05, 7:55, 7:50, 9:20. 11:15
a. m.; 12:50, 3:10, 5:©0. 5:20 p.m. Satur-
days — Extra trips at 2:05 aftd ti:33 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:40, 11:15 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40,
4-;t>5, 5:05, 6:25 p. m. ¦ •
Leave I In Effect 1 Arrive
San Francisco! May 4. 1902. ISan Francisco
Week I Sun- I Deatlna- I Sun- I Week
Days. I days. 1 tion. I days. [ Pays.
7:30 a 8:00 a Ijtnacio I 9:10 a 8:40 a
3:30 p 9:30 a and 10:40 a 8:40a
5:10 p 5:00 p \ Novato 6:05 p ti:20p
¦ j ¦ 7 :35 p
7:30 aj 8:00 al Petaluma 10:40 al 8:40 a
3:30 p 9:30 a and 6:05 pi10:20 a
5:10 PI 5:00 p[ SantaRosa 7:35 pj 6:20 p
, Fulton
7-30 a W Windsor 10:20 a
5:00 p Healdsburg 10:40 a
. • Lytton
' : - Geyserville
3:30 p 8:00 a Cloverdale 7;35 p 6:20 p
7-30 al 8:00 al Hopland 110140 a|ia:20 a.
3J30PI 6:00 p| Uklah [7:35plB:20p
7:30 a| 8:00 a| Willlts | 7:35 p| .0:20 p
7 -30 a] 8:00 a I Guernevllle I 7:35 p 10:20 a
3:30 p| 5:00 p| ¦ |10:40a 6:20 p
7-30 al 8:00 al . Sonoma I 9:10 al 8:40 a
5:10p| 5:00 pr Glen Ellen- | 6:05 p| 6:2Op
'7:.t0at 8:00 at Sebastopol 110:40 a[10:20 a
3:30 p| 5-,00pr •- ""*" " "I 7:3gp|^«:20p
• Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs: at Fulton
for Altrurla; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at-
Geyserville for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale
for the Geysers and Booneville: at Hopland for
Duncan Springs, Highland Springs, Kelseyville.
Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and
Bartlett Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs,
Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell
Lake. Witter Springs. Upper Lake. Porno, Pot-
ter Valley., John . Day's. Riverside. Llerley's,
Buckncll's. Sanhedrln Heights, Hullville, Orr'a
Hot Springs, Half-way House, Comptche, Camp
Stevens, Hopkins. Mendoclno City. Fort Bragg,
Westport, Ueal; at Wlljits for Sherwood, Cahto,
Covelo, Laytonvllle. Cummlngs, Bell's Springs^
. Harris, Olsen's, Dyer, Pepperwood, Scotia ana
Eureka. V ¦ •' •
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays — Round -trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office, C50 Market st. Chronicle buy d-
n fi. C. WHITING, R. X. RYAN,
- .- ' Gen.- Manager.' Qytx. Pass. Agt.
KORTrf SHORE RAILROAD.
Via 'Saasallto Ferry, ' .
Commencing April 27, 1902. >¦
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL. VALLEY
. AND SAN RAFAEL.
- WEEK DAYS— «:45, '7:45, 8:45. 9:30. 11:00
a. m.. 12:20. '*1:45. .3:15, .4:15, 6:15. »6:15,
6:45, 9:45. 11:45 p. m. 7:45 a. yn. does not
run to Mill Valley. ,
SUNDAYS— 7:00. 8:00, »9:00. •10:00. 11:00,
11:30 a. m., 12:30, •ltfO, 2:30, *3:45, 5:00, 6:00,
7:30, »:45, 11:45 p. m. I
Trains marked (*) run to San Quentln. ¦
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:20, »e:2O. 7:40, 8:15, •9:80,
ll:C0 a. m/. 12:25, 2:15, »3:30, 4:40, 5:30, 6:45,
•10:15 r>. m. ' : ¦ ¦'¦¦¦' ¦';
SUNDAYS— 6:00, ¦•8:00.- 0:30, ••11:00 a. m..
•12:00 m., 1:00. 2:15, *3:30, .4:15, *5:45, 6:45,
7:30, 10:15 d. m. . < .
Trains marked (*) start from San Quentln. --
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:40. 6:40. 7:45, 8:25, 9:45,
11:10 a. m.. 12:35, 2:45, 3:50,' 5:10, 5:20,7:10,
10:15 i>. m. .
SUNDAYS— 0:30. 7:55, 10:05. 11:10 a. m..
12:15, 1:20, 2:30,^3:45, 6:00,. 6:05. 7:15, 10:40
P ', m- . Z THROUGH TRAINS.
i7:45 a. m. week-days — Cazadero and way
stations, . • ¦ ••
3:15. p. m. Saturdays — Cazadero and way
stations. : . : •¦•'¦_ - " ¦ '. ¦
5:15 p. m. week days • (Saturdays excepted) —
Tomales and way stations. - - . .
8 :00 . a. m. a Sundays 7— Cazadero ] and , way 1
stations. ' ¦ ¦' ¦ . *
10:00 a.' m. Sundays — Point Reyes and way
stations.-.- ¦¦• - -.->¦:-¦
' Legal Holiday boats and trains . will run on
Sunday, time. ¦ '¦' ¦ " - •/¦ ¦ - j .
nOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
r-- Leave • Via Sausahto Ferry"! Arrive
San Fran. Foot of Market St.- San Fran.
Week Sun- „,*„,.„„.,„,*„._ Sun- Week
DggL davs ' .km.,-,* «i.«™ .TLtj. da y»- 5552:
9:30a. 8:00 a. Trta™jD C i-t« .»!*> 12:15 P. 9:15a.
; *:15p. 10:00 a. .' w-fc I- .,' 3:30 P. 5:55 p.
1:30 p. "T1K8I OF TIllUM" . 5;5o P
; 2:30 p. ¦¦¦ Of* *ito*y* **«>*• . 8:15 P „..
SATVJBDATS 111!— um »™ s-.so •. .rrir. su rn»iM> n js ».
Tloktl oae««.\n MART1T 8TRM» *mi gACSJUTTO rmi.
DR. tiALL'SfiEINYiGORATOfii»M
Stops all losses in 24 hours. Five lI^wWjTjJ
hundred reward for any case we 3SB( Qeki
. cannot cure. This " secret - rem- 3
, edy cures Emissions, ' Impo tency am ra S
Varlcocele, Gonorrhoea, Gleet W w3
Strictures,^ Drains, ¦- .Loat Man- til ¦" *G
hood and all other was^ng ef- *$J
fects of self-abuse cr excesses KgffiWfJ»Jg
Sent sealed; $2 botfle; 3 bottles. $5; guaranteed
to cure any case. Call or address order*
HALL'S .MEDICAL ! INSTITUTE? 8^ Br^a"
way; Oakland. Cal. Also for sale at 1073H
Market St.. S. F. Send for free book.
AD VEBTISEMSNTS.
1 — . — . - ..-.-. ¦<¦¦ — > — — ¦ •
soap .brings h e al t h
and the color of
health to rn^ny a
saHow skin;
i (Quickly Cured at Home— Any Lady Caa
I ' Do it— Costs Nothing to Try. ,
I r A new tasteless discovery irhlch c«n be'glien In tea.
•off ee or food. Heartily endorsed by W. C.T. U. and all
trroperan<-e wor'terr It do«« lt» -work ** silently and
*urely that while tho V.eroted. wife, sister or daughter
' looks on, the drunkard Is reclalmed.evpn atrslnst hi* will
I and without hi* knowledge. SeiM*. cur name unit address
! to Dr. J. W. H&lneg, mm Glenn Bid*., ('ln<*lnnatl, O., and
] he will mall a trial package of Golden Sreclfio free to
•how how easily it is to cure drunkards with this remedy.
:,.. rull-sized -boxen of -Golden Specific are Cue
rale In Kan Francisco by J. R. GATES & CO.;
417 Sansome et; ¦ ,. j ,-¦ _ ¦ ¦ -
tWENTIETtiCENTUHY COOKBOOKS
A car-load of Cook Booki :
hern ja«t arrived from Clutcajfo
. and they are rend j-; f or dlstri-
. button nt the bnnlnrna olD.<e
of tlila. paper. \ All Call ; unb-
acrlbcrs are entitled to a cop'jr^
of this great ;Cook Book «J ;^ ?
theprnnlnm price of' fifty
¦¦- cents. . .. • ,....".\..' -.
.: ¦ '',"' An. additional charge of 20 , .
., cents to . pay feipressnife *«rlll .
be required from ont of torrn
subscribers ordering by mail.
STATEMENT
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE .
FIRE ASSOCIATION
,fkF PHILADELPHIA. LV THE STATB OP
VF Pennsylvania^ on the 31st day of Decem-
ber. A^ D. 1801. and for the year ending pa
that day. rs made to the Insurance Commis-
sioner of the State of CaUfornla. pursuant to
the provisions of sections 810 and 611 of th*
Political Code, condensed aa per blank fur- .
nlshcl by the Commissioner:
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
in caih t 800,000 00
ASSETS. .
Real Estate owned by Company.. 512. 1C0 00
Loans on- Bonds and Mortgages.. 1,371,510 43
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company.. 3,132.919 23
Amount of Loans secured by
pledge of Eon da. Stocks, and
other marketable securities aa
collateral 68.830 00
Cash in Company's Office 28,973 7«
Cash in Banks 2*4,353 M
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 23, 838 43
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 30,141 99
Premiums in due course of collec-
tion 88S.240 93
Due for Salvage on losses paid...'. * 1,013 41
Rents due and accrued 2.680 S3
Due from other Companies for Re-
insurance on losses already paid. 7.550 93
Total Assets .$8.315.219 03
LIABILITIES*
Losres adjusted and unpaid '. $ 190.S6S 09
Losses In process of Adjustment
or in Suspense 173 «?J? £*
Losses resisted. Including expenses 49.004 9*J
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less, $2,371,-
329 24; re-insurance 50 per cent 1.1S3.664 S3
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. $2,566,-
455 07; re-insurance pro rata... 1.397.177 51
Amount reclalmable by the insured
; on perpetual fire insurance pol-
icies 1.906,027 47
All other liabilities ..i 360.643 10
Total Liabilities' .$3.265.083 3B
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums $3,246,972 It
Received for interest oa Bonds and .
• Mortgages 85,972 07
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans, and
' from all other sources 157,76« 84
Received for Rents 23.752 20
Total Income. *>»-. .$3.616.463 28
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(Including $246.183 37. losses of-
previous years) $2,084.034 30
Dividends to Stockholders 200.000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission
or Brokerage ... ;..... 798,142 19
Paid for Salaries. Fees, and other ' •
charges for officers, clerks, etc, 236.440 09
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes 95,448 29
All other payments and expendi-
tures 155,910 93
Total Expenditures .$3.569.975 79
Fire.
Losses Incurred dnrlng the year.. $2.223, 716 90
Risks and Premiums. |Flre Risks. Premiums.
Net amounV of Risks]
written during: ,the|
year I$340.732.32S $4,359,881 83
Net amount of Rlsksl
expired during the
year '. 311.57J.332 3. SI 3. 63" 01
Net amount In force
December 31. 1001. 403.113.644! 4.937.734 31
" E. C. IRVIN. President.
M. G. GARRIGUES. Secretary.
Scbtcribed and nwor.3 to before me, this 22d
da7 of Jamjary. 1902.
» EDWIN S. GATJLT. Notary Public
SAN FRANCISCO DEPARTMENT:
J. M. BECK ........... . . . Manager
219; Sanspme Street,
-.- :. - S«n Franclwo, Cnl. ' -
" ¦ \ TELEPHONE MAIN 5024. • Vl
STATEMENT
OF. THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
—OF THE—
Hartford Fire
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF HARTFORD. IN THE STATE OF CON-
nectlcut. on the 31st day of December. A.
D. 1901. and for the year ending on that day.
as made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
State of California, pursuant to the pro-
visions of sections 610 and 611 of the Political
Code, condensed as per blank furnished by the
Commissioner: -¦ ---,:-
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid
up in Cash t $1,250.000 00
i ' ASSETS. ~
Real Estate owned by Company.. $942,500 00
Loan* on Bonds and Mortgages.... 793.200 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company.. 8,132,555 91
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds. Stocks and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral.. 4.800.00
Cash in Company's Office...' 47.160 57
Cash In Banks ....:....... 677,999 63
Interest due - and accrued on all ¦' ¦: .
Stocks and Loans 47 73
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 11,305 85
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 1.631.BS0 00
Due from other Companies for re-
insurance on losses already paid. 17,926 71
Total Assets $12,259,076 43
LIABILITIES. ~~
Losses > adjusted and unpaid $309,182 28 '
Losses in process of Adjustment or
in Suspense 723.618 06
Losses- resisted, including expenses. 63 091 01
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or - less, $5,795,-
134. 72; reinsurance 50 per cent.. 2,897,567 M
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, $7,743,-
€36 40; reinsurance pro rata.... 3,900 937 32
Commissions and Brokerage due \ ¦
and to beeome due ...." 113,325 00
Total liabilities ( .$8,008.221 01
INCOME. _ - "*
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums ••$9,653,783 03
Received for interest on Bonds
and Mortgages 39,807 38
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans and
from all other sources..... 320.025 83
Received for Rents 17,899 92
Received from all other sources.. 179 73
Total Income $10,031,195 93 J
EXPENDITURES. ~ ~-
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(Including $581,241 46. losses of
previous years) $3,242,822 91
Dividend.*- ta Stockholders 40O.CCO Co
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 1,707 772 30
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers. clerks.\ etc. 567 851 83
Paid for State. National and'Lo- ••
cal Taxe« 19S 2SS S2
All other payments and expend- •
Uures 1.096,635 K
TotalVExpendlture. 4MU11 39
: I
- •" Fire.
Losses incurred during the year $6,075.881 13
Risks and Premiums j Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount ofl ~~
Risks writ t enl
during the yea>.l$1.019.0CS,207 $11,614,027 12
Net amount of
' Risks - exp i r e d ....
Net^fmount^in T "' 100 - 591 8-S56.697 23
. force December!
.Si; 1901 ¦-....-..¦.. I 1,221.902.701 13.538*771 12
GEO. L. CHASE. President.
_ 1; 1% >;>- P- C ROTCE. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to' before me this 3d
day of January. hi. B. SCOTT.
HENRY K, BELDENTianagar.
•WHiTHEY "PALACHE, Asst. Manager.
313 California St., S. F.
1111/ n Ji/JL/l\l/i vttlvly, v)l UGI Jl Gul
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Trains leave and are due to arrive at
..hAN KKANOI8CO.
(Main Line, Foot of Market- Street.)
Uatk . — '- Fbom Atkil 20. 1902. — abbitm
. 7.00a Bealcla, Sulsun, Elmlra »nd Sacra- "
.-' ¦' . -'¦'- ment-> ...A.... r..:.. 6.55i"
', 7.00a Vac»vllle, "Wlntert. Kumsey 7.55r
¦' 7.30a Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo,
X»pa. Callstoga. Santa Kosa G-25i"
8.00a Davis, Woodland, Knights Landing,
-'..-- Maryivllle* OrovlUe 7.55F
8.00a Atlantic Express— Ogden and East. 8.26a
8.00a Xllea, J,»throp. Stockton 7.25P
8.00a Nlles, Mendota, Hanford, Vlaalla,
I'Qrtervllle 4.55r
8.30a Shasta Express— Davis, Williams
(for Bsrtlett Springs), "Willows,
Red Bluff, Portland... 7.56*
8.30a San Jose, Llrermore, Stockton,
lone, Sacramento, Placervllle,
Marysvllli". Chlco, Red Bluff 4-25P
C.30a Oakdale,Chlnese,SuDora,Tuolumne 4.26r.
- 9.00a Vallejo 12.2S* N
9.00a Lor Angeles Express — Martinez.
Tracy, La throp.Stockton, Merced.
Itaymond, Fresno and Los Angeles 8-25 A
930 a Vallf Jo. Martinez and Way Stations 7.55 p
t1 0.00a Hayward. Nlles and Way Stations. t12-55r
10.00a The Overland Limited — Oeden,
• Denver, Omaha, Chicago... 5.25r
ti.OOt* Sacramento River Steamer* tii-OCjF
300F Benlcla. Winters, Sacramento, -
Woodland, Knights Landing,
Marysrllle. Orovllle 10.56a
,-3.30r Hayward, Nile* and Way Stations.. 7.65r
4X)0p Martlnez.San Ramon, Vallejo,Kapa,
Callctota, SantaRosa.. 9.25a
4 OOp Xllps. Llrermore, Stockton, Lodl.. 12.25*»
4.30p Havward,Nlles,SanJose,LlTermore t8-55A
4-30f The Owl Limited— Fresno, Tulare,
Bakersfield, Saurui for Santa
Barbara, Los Angeles..... 8.55a
B.OOf Port Co«t»,Tracy,L»throp.Stockton 10.25a
5.00f Martinez. Antloch, Stockton, Mer-
. ced, Raymond, Fresno 12.2SF
t5.S0F Klles Local 7.25a
6-OOp IUyward.Xlles and San Jose....... 7.56a
te.OOP Vallejo 11.25a
6.00p Oriental Mall— Ogden, Denver,
- Omaha. St. Louis. Chicago 4-2Sf
7 .00p Sun Pablo, Port Costa, Martinez *:-.*¦..
and Way Stations 11.25a
J7.00F .Vallejo ......v 7.55f
805p Oregon & California Express— Sac- ' • --? -
¦ ¦-'. ramento, Marysvllle, Redding,
-Portland, Pnget Sound and East. 855 a
t9.10F Hayward and Klles t11.65A
COAST LINE (»»rroir Gauge).
• (Foot of Market Street.)
$7.46a Santa Cruz Excursion.... 18.05F
8.15a Kewark, Centerville. San Jose,
¦ i Felton, Boulder Creek, x Santa
Cruz and Way Stations 5.50F
12.15P Newark. ¦ Centervllle, San Jose,/
Kew Almedcn,. Felton, Boulder
Creek. Santa Cruz and Principal
Way Stations '1050*
4.1 5f Newark, San Joso, Los Gatos........ +8-60a
">4.16p San Jogti. LosGacos. SantaCrnz... cB.SQa
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAN FRANCISCO, Foot of Market St. (Slip 8)
—t":15 9:00 11:00a.M. 1.00 3.00 6.16p.m."
From OAKLAND, Foot of Broadway — 16:00 t8:00
t8:05 10:00a.m. 12 00 200 4.00p.m.
COAST LINE (Bro«d «au S eJ.
(Third and Townsend Streets.) \
6.10a San Jose and Way Stations 6.40a
17.00a San Jose and Way Stations -(8.00a
7.00a New Alrhaden.. .....*.. /4.10F
17.15a Monterey Excursion c i8.30r
8.00a Coast Line Limited — San Jose,
GHroy, Salinas, San Luis Oblspo, n-' v':>
Santa Barbara. Los Angeles and
l-rlacipal Intermediate Stations. 10.45*-
8-OOa San Jose. Tres Finns, Spnta Crnz.
radfic Grove, Salinas, S»n Luis
Oblspo and~FrlncJpal Intermedi-
ate Stations 4.10p
10.30a San Jose and Way Stations 8.36a
11.30a San.Jose and ~«7ay Stations 9.48a
o1 .30p* Saiiijoac and Way Station* a7.00r
t2.45p San Mateo, Redwood, Palo Alto.
Santa Clara, San Joee, Tres ¦ •"
Plnos, Santa Cruz, Salinas, Pel
Monte, Monterey and Pacific - -
Grove :. .t10.45A
5.30p Saa Jose. Del Monte, Pacific Grove, • '
Santa Cruz and Way Stations. ... 7.30P
14.1 5p San Jorc and PrlnclpalWay Stations 6.30p
te.OOP Sun .lose, Los Gatos and Principal
Way Stations -fSOOA
6.30P San Jose sad PrlnclpalWay Stations §.30f '
*6.30p San Jose and Way Stations... 7-30r
7.00p Kew Orleans Express — San. Luis
Oblspo, £anta Barbara, Lot An-
'; peles, Demtnir. Kr Paso, New
Orleans and East ... ..... 10.30a
•11.45T*iSan Jo** and Way Stations... ......
A for MornlDif. ' P f or Af tern«X>u. .
t Sunday excopted. ¦ t Sunday only. \
• a Saturday only. c Monday only, j
• Saturday and , . /Tuesday and Frldajr. r
' Sunday only. • .' . ¦ . . ' " t
Santa Fe
Trains-Daiiy.
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
¦ '- . Local J^und Ovrl'dlLocal
' Dally Dally Dally 1 Dally
luv. San Fran 7:20a 9:00a 8:00p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:18 p
" Merced... 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:30a 9:11 p
: " Kresno... 2n)5p 2:.15 p .1:15 a 10:60 p
¦• Hanfbrd.. 3:12 p 3:27 p 8:05 a ...;.;
'" VUalia... 8:3*.»p . Y^.. R:00a ......
" Bakersfld 6:15pT>:20p 7:45a ......
" -Kan. City ......) 2:40 a -7:30 a ......
"¦ Chlcayo.. ......( 2:15 p 0:00 p ......
¦ a Jor morning., p for afternoon.
! 0:00 a: m. train Is the California Limited.'
carrying Palace Sleeping Cars 'and Dining
Cars > through to Chicago. . Chair Car run*
to Bakert field for ' accommodation of local
first-clays passenger*.-- No second-class tick-
ets are honored on this train. Correspond-
ing train arrives at-7:03 a. m. dally.
. 4:20 p. m. Is Stockton, Merced and Fresno
local. Corresponding train arrives at 12:30
' p. m. dally. ¦•' - ¦',- ¦':¦ ,
-•¦ 8 p.' m. Is the Overland Express, with
•through 1 Palace and Tourist Sleepers v and
• i Free Jrtecllnlng Chair Cars to Chicago: also
• Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno,
j ¦ Corresponding train arrives at 6:00 p. .ra.
dally. ¦. / ¦ - ¦¦.-¦¦- ¦ •' .;-,-:
7:20 a.'m. Is Bakersfleld Local, stopplnz
at all points In San Joaquln Valley. Cor-
'responding'tratn arrives at 8:40 a. m.' dally
- . Offices — 641 Market street and In Ferry
¦J}epot. !¦' San ¦ Francisco; . 1112 . Broadway,
Oakland."' • • • • .^- .
\ TH^VVHITE PAS§ ANlT"
I YUKON ROUTE v
." •' Shortest and quickest route to At- i
• Itn,; Biff Salmon, White Horse,- ,
'"', , Hootalinqnn, •:. Ste-rvnrt > River, ,
':<<: .Klondike, Koynkuk nnd.Va-
H-. kon Mining. lllntrlctn. ¦ . ' »». '
i ONLY DIRECT I.WE TO nAWS°N
( TEN DAYS SAN FRANCISCO TO
,,¦•-.« -.-; ;• - ;-.: r. . :¦. DAWSONi ' ¦ . ' • • :- ' ' '
;T For 'full Information apply to - \ '
J.- FRANCIS LEE. . • S. P. BROWN.
' :'• Traffic ,Mgr., Seat- Gen. ; Agent, 536
1 . tle. v Wash. : Skag- Market- gt., San ¦ '
f- uay, Alaska. ..- .Franqlsco. . :
_'_•¦__-_ _-,;;' " travel. \
the Rockies J l^^^l
I if you go east via Denver and the Burlington
M\ Route. Their snow-capped peaks visible
almost all the way from Salt Lake City to Den-
- / ver.^ For 700 miles the grand panorama of the M - *;».'¦¦
Rockies is, unrolled before your eyes.
.,..¦¦.¦'•'.¦..,¦'¦'•'. . *•
•-¦ •' - v- '; .- .. >• Through sleepers, San Francisco to Chicago daily.
Through tourist sleepers, three times a week. Omaha, v.
. .: . //.;-. " Chicago, Kansas City. St. Louis— EVERYWHERE east.
¦ W. D. SANBORN, GeneraliCgenf. 631 Market Street, San Francisco, California.
BEAR IN MIND
J "ZT| • tJ \ at in the campaign of
raiV^ education we are mak-
•SS* in % in the interest of
jjjjjl. WEIGHT Whiskey,
»oth American and
Scotch, the results of
X^a which, while benefiting
N8^\ «s, will benefit the
XV^^VS. P ub1ic mor e- They will
/y p£ fe^)S\ l m P rov c their health
*SSHtf»_ drinking only
fM CROW
iBjark&Co, ~~ JX 1 Hi.
%\ WHIIUM W 1 i
tss^^J) GOLD MEDAL
'warded itr Quality at Paris Exposition.
H. B. KIRK SCO,, New York
CATTON; BELL & C&,
6C4.E DISTRIBUTORS.
rraacisco, CaJL = ' ¦OAKLANio" RESIDENT' " WHO
WILL. SUCCEED W. H. FRIEND
AS POSTMASTER." "
OAKLAND, May 28.— Licenses to marry
.were issued' to-day to Rudolph S.' Mc-
Carty, over 21,'and Sadie Hawk, over 18,
both of Oakland; Eugene Feracane 28
and Elisa Viano, 18. - both of Oakland 1
Frederick W.vMattfeldt, 33, and Anna
Fahscell, 35, both of San Francisco.
Licensed to Marry.
The third annual, performance .of the
minstrels of the Columbia , Park Boys'
Club : ' will 'be given this evening in Odd
Fellows' Hall. The programme is a varied
one. The clever youngsters will be seen
In all kinds of spcialties. The club's band
will' render patriotic music.
Amateur Minstrel Show.
-¦¦¦¦ NEWPORT, -;b.I m : May 28.— Harry '' Oel
richs, son of . the, late Henry Oelrichs of
New York, died ; here to-day, aged 4ft
years. He . had been a confirmed invalid
for ¦: fifteen years. In his early days he
was one of the principal amateur athletes
in the country and -was onesof the first
to.olay polo. In this country with James
(Jordon Bennett. 'He was. a graduate of
Harvard and. was not married.
" Harry : Oelrichs.
"The pupils of the Le Conte School will
hold an Entertainment this afternoon . at
2 o'clock at the Normal School building,
on- Powell etreet, near Clay. A splendid
programme, consisting of musical selec
tions, . recitations and speeches, has been
prepared forthe occasion. .-/ .'»-.. ,,.>
- School Pupils Will Entertain.
- In about two- weeks the United Railroad
Company's trolley car line will be run
ning: on Railroad avenue, from Eight
eenth avenue south to the county line.
The track is laid and all the rails are on
the ground ready for spiking. . When thia
extension is complete a "continuation of
the Third and , Kentucky streets Hneiwill
run direct through South San Francisco
to the San Mateo County line. A similar
extension of the San Bruno line will fol
low when the present work is finished.
Extension of a Trolley Car Une.
LONDON, May 28.— A dispatch, to the
Central News from St. Petersburg, dated
the 27th. says: ¦••-¦• -•
"Secret service officers arrested a young
woman at Tsarskoe-Selo, the summer res
idence' of the ; Czar, ¦ yesterday, carrying
an infernal machine concealed in a hand
kerchief. '. The Identity of the woman has
not been established. -,'¦''¦ .
POLICE. FIND A WOMAN
WITH INFERNAL MACHINE
Rothschild, ladles' tailor, at C26
Sutter street, secured a warrant from
'Judge Cabaniss" yesterday for f the arrest
of Mrs. Edith Barnard, a gufest of the
Hotel Bertellng; on a charge of obtaining
goods by false pretenses. He' alleges that
Mrs. Barnard obtained a -lady's .tailor-'
made suit from him last Saturday, giving
him In payment a check for. $6$ drawn on
the First National Bank, which he 'sub
sequently found to be worthless. -
Passed Worthless Check.
• Lyle McKce, the carpenter, who fell,
down the lightwell of , a. new building at
Turk street and. Van Ness avenue last
Tuesday, died af the Central Emergency,
Hospital yesterday afternoon. In his fait
McKee received a fracture, of the skull;
which rendered him unconscious. The in
jured portion was trephined by Drs. Bun
nell, Armlstead and Sawyer, but Internal
hemorrhage resulted and caused death.
. L. Green, who was also Injured by a fall
while working on a building,- was removed
to the French Hospital • yesterday. His
chances of recovery are good. ;
Succumbs to His Injuries.
Henry Otto, who' was arrested for vag
rancy and later charged with having
knockout drops in his possession, ap
peared before Judge Mogan yesterday
&nd both charges against him were dis
missed. It was shown that Otto used the
chloral hydrate as medicine. It was also
shown that he had fought with Dewey
at Manila Bay. He is the son of a
gromlnent- hat-, and cap . merchant of
tockhcrtm. Sweden. He had only re
turned about ten days prior to being ar
rested from a visit to his parents.
Otto Acquitted of Vagrancy.
This motion prevailed on a majority
vote, only five members voting in the neg
ative. •
"I move* you, Brother Moderator, that
this church obey Paul's injunction to the
¦Thetsalonians,' chapter 3. verse . 6, ; and
withdraw fellowship from Brother Davis
without further notice."
LITTLE ROCK." Ark., May 2S.— After a
lengthy discussion in the Second Baptist
Church to-night the congregation voted to
withdraw fellowship from Governor Jef
ferson Davis upon charges of unbecoming
conduct filed some time ago. -\
Governor Davis was not present to-night
and la out of the city. His reply to the
charges was read ' to the congregation 1 .
One of the church members presented a
written statement reiterating -the charges
heretofore filed and concluding as follows:
WITHDRAWS FELLOWSHIP
FROM GOVERNOR DAVIS
The board of directors, of the Society
for the Prevention of .Cruelty to Animals
has adopted the following resolutions on
the death of the late poundkeeper, J. w.
Walton: .
Whereas, It has pleased divine providence to
remove from our midst James W. Walton, a
member of this society, and for many ,'yearb
jioundkeepcr of the city and county of San
Francleco a« our {selection; therefore, be -It
Resolved, That in the death of J.'W.- Walton
the society loses a zealous and useful member
the community an honored and respected citi
zen, the city an honest official, our dumb, ani
mals a valued friend and h^s family a loving
and indulgent husband and father.
Pass Memorial Resolutions.
The repavJng of Hayes street, between
Van Ness avenue and Lagxina, on concrete
at an estimated cost of $8500.
The paving of Commercial street, from
the. east line of Montgomery to the east
line of Leidesdorff, with bitumen on con
crete, with binder course, at an estimated
cost Of $1500. . . .-:
The repavlng of Sansome street, be
tween Jackson and Washington, and the
crossings of Sansome and Washington
and of Sansome and Jackson streets with
basalt blocks on concrete at an estimated
cost of $3514. * - '¦' ¦ • • . . .-•• ¦.-¦.. •
Recommends Street Work.
The BoardV of Public Works depided at
a special meeting yesterday to recommend
to the Board of Supervisors the following
street work: - : •;¦..
After the association In this cHy has
been thoroughly organized the members
will select some public place to beautify.
'They will submit their plans to the head
office. of the association in Boston, where
landscape artists will pass upon them.
The Park Commissioners of this city arc
very much In sympathy with the Idea and
i will lend their assistance. - ' ' t
Mrs. Lovell While wa& elected president
of the San Francisco branch and Mrs.
Luther Waggoner was Selected secretary.
The ladies who Joined vesterday i were
Mps. E. F. Giaser, Mrs. H. H. Fassett,
Mrs. E. T. Wlllson, Mrs.. Charles C. Rledy,
Mjrs.- Carl Reng, Mrs. de Turbeville and
Mrs. Campbell. ; '-'¦>,;,; ,
Mrs. Hall, In her address, said, the rea
son for organizing a branch in this city
was to stimulate public knowledge as to
the value of parks as educators and
sources of health, ' ': ' . - - ' \ ;
The aim of the organization, she said,'
was to cultivate a love for nature's beauty,
in its application to public buildings and
grounds as well as to the homes of tho;
people In the city and country. ;
Mrs. Hall then spoke of the great facil
ities given the. people ' of this State to
beautify their homes < and cities. She'
warned them, however, not to make' their
front yards spots of :beauty and their
back yards" dumping grounds.
Mrs... Hall's visit to this city is for the
purpose .of organizing a branch of the
woman's auxiliary in San Francisco. .
Mrs/Herman J. White of. Chicago, pres
ident of the woman's anxillary of tho
American Park and Outdoor. Art Asso
ciation, addressed the ladles- of the San
Francisco . clubf ..for- women yesterday
afternoon at the I California /Club rooms,
Y.M. C. A. buiidlnff. . . :
Outdoor Art Association Is
Established.
Branch of ¦ the American Park* and
ST. LOUIS OFFICIALS
IN HANDS OF POLICE
ST. LOUIS, May 28.— Councilman Louis
M. Schnell and Charles L. Geraherty.a
member of the St. Louts House of Dele
gates, were arrested to-night on bencb.
warrants from the Grand Jury charging
them with malfeasance in office.
Both men were released on $2000 bonds
each. Schnell is charged with having ob
tained contracts from the city through a
supply company m which he is said to be
interested. Geraherty is said to have
rented horses and vehicles to the city
under fictitious names.. ¦'/:"»
If ATI VE SONS GIVE ' . I 7 .
; '¦''- . AN ENTERTAINMENT
New Captain Receives Greeting.
Captain " Marcellus O. Anderson, who
was promoted by the Police Commlsslon,
ers on Tuesday evening last, was made
aware of. his popularity by the. men of his'
cemmand at 6 o'clock yesterday j after
noon. \v"hen the two watches assembled
Lieutenant William Price in a few appro
priate words congratulated his new cap
tain on his elevation &.nd also congratu
lated the men of the Mission district; on
their good fortune in having a : consider
ate superior officer. Following these
words' a huge horseshoe floral piece with
an oil painting in the center was present
ed to Captain Anderson as a token of the
men's esteem. .Appropriate thanks from
the new commander followed.
Haraty's Mother Seeks Him.
Captain Seymour received a circular
yesterday from Chief Elton of Los \ An
gelen asking for information regarding
the whereabouts of John Henry JHaraty,
23 years of age and a lithographer by oc
cupation. Haraty's mother is sick and is
anxious to see. him,, as she intends leav
ing, him all her property in Los Angeles.
Club's Deposit Is Posted.
Alex Greggalns deposited $5000 with
Sam ;Thall yesterday as the San Fran
cisco Athletic' Club's forfeit guaranteeing
it will ¦ be able to ; promote the Jeff ries-
Fltzslmmons fight. ; Jeffries' certificate of
deposit for $2500 -has been sent to him for
his signature, and will be returned within
a day or so. ' •
Judge : Hebbard Issued an ' order yester
day , restraining George- M.^ Mixer from
disposing of hl8 Interest in a lodging
house ,. at- 332 Stockton '"street- and ¦ else
where pending the trial of a- suit to de
termine the Interests of his divorced wife
Nettle. A. „ Mixer, in, the property.. '
Hebbard Enjoins Mixer.
The twenty-eighth annual reunion of
the Ancient Order of Foresters and 'of
the circles of the Companions of the For
est of the same order will be held to
morrow at Schuetzen Park. , Arrange
ments have been made for a pleasant out
ing. : . ' '. ' . ¦
Foresters' Picnic.
The fifty-fourth annual j celebration of
the § Compagniar Garibaldina will take
place<at Shell Mound Park next Sunday;
An excellent programme has been nre
pared for.the occasion. The affair will be
one of the- most notable Italian.celebra
tlonsof the. year.- - - . .. ..
Will Picnic af Shell Mound.
tions ¦¦;] to Be Offered ,
Monthly.
First of a Series of Social Func-
' The' first entertainment of the Native
Sons Literary and Social 'committee, giv
en In Native Sons' Hall. last night, was a
delightful affair and was enjoyed by a
goodly number of members of the, parlors
and'. : their friends. , There was an over
ture by an orchestra,- followed by a tenor
splo by Richard Hunt, an amusing mono
logue by Thomas W. Hlckey, xylophone
solo .by John Carsad, soprano solo r by
Miss Millie Flyiyi, and character imper
sonations , by little Harold Borchef. The
programme closedwlth the clever sketch,
"The Littlest, Girl."- The affair was un
der, the direction of the following nimed
officers and committees: . t
President, • William P. Johnson; vice presi
dent, William F. Kaiser; secretary, Thomas B,
Hearty; treasurer, W.'"F. Morton; trustee N
W. Hall; trustee, C. L. Llcht. -
Executive — Fred H.- Jung, chairman; C- JV
Turner. R. P. Dunphy, T. E. Hearty, H A
Myllen, C.' A.- BoMeman, J; F.'Twomey, W,' K
Kalfor, ¦ E. H. Andrews, F. J. Sllvey and T*
Kerrigan. . \
Floor — E. Myron Wolf, director; Richard J
CHne, assistant; ¦ Benjamin Levy, M. H fHet
nan. W. F. Morton, A. Nickel. John J. Manlon
D. F. Nuvan and L. H. Meyer.
Ileception — Henry Joost. chairman; Walter
V.|Kbch. H. Levlnson; Emllio Lastreto Heniy
Khicke, S. O.' Stanyan. Herbert Zecher, \V j
Koch and JohnR. Mclsaac.
Car and Laundry Wagon Collide
Trolley car ; No. 1069 of the Howard
street line made short, work of a laundry
wagon belonging to/the- San Francisco
Laundry ,^at the crossing of
Howard and Fourteenth streets yesterday
afternoon.,- The wagon was ,in charge of
WiHlanv' Cany' who 'hesitated when tho
motorrnan ran a -warning; > The wagon
was':damas > e<hand Carr received Injuries
that' necessitated his removal to the Rail
road Hospital. ., '
Wants McFadden Released.
Attorney J. | A. Splnetti applied for a
writ' of habeas corpus from Judge' Cook
yesterday, for the release of George Mc-
Fadden. . The writ 'Was made returnable
this- morning. was held to
answer a few. days ago on a t charge- of
murder -In ; ' connection with the death of
aged \Charles, Tucker.-at 829,- Howard
street. It -is claimed that" the evidence
did not' warrant McFaddent being held '
worthy of this position and It will be
my ambition to keep the office up ' to s
high standard. , My predecessor,- ;W. H
Friend, has raised the office to a high
state of efficiency and I shall • try to dc
as well as he has. To do .better would
be difficult, but I shall, even try that."
Beginning on June 15 next wilt inaugurate a !
new limited train service between Chicago, New :
York and Boiton, leaving Chicago at 10:30
every morning and arriving In New York at '
3:30 the next afternoon, with a Boston sleeper ;
reaching there the second evening:. Travelers
coins East will find In this train everything
that comfort and luxury can suggest or de
mand — Pullman drawing-room sleeping cars of/
the latest type: unequaled dining-car service
with meals at popular prices; fast time over a !
track made perfect with rock ballast and made '
safe by the operation of. the block signal and
intfrlccUing system.
If you have not seen the beautiful valleys of i
the Susquehanna and Delaware rivers tra
versed by the Erie you have missed one of
the most delightful sections of the East
Be «ure that -your tickets read via the Erie
Railroad. " . •
The Erie Railroad.
SACRAMENTO, May 28.— Governor Gage
has appointed the , following directors of
agricultural districts: > : fcs*£
Daniel Woodruff et Del Norte, District' No.
41 vice G. N. Dry3dale, term expired; William
B. Plaisted, Del Norte, No. 41, vice 3. V.
Wentz. term. expired; J. Jl. Silvey. Glenn
County, vice R- B. Murdoch, term expired; B.
H. Burton Glenn County, No. 42, -Vice seir,
term expired; J. O. Thrower. Glenn County. No.
42, vic« self, term expired; W. H. Winter,
Glenn ' County, No. 2, vice self, term expired ;
Frank Freeman, Glenn County. No. 2. vioe.M.
Hockhelmer, term expired; P. B. Glenn. Glenn
County, No. 2. vice self, term expired; M. M.
Marshall. Glenn County. No. 42. vice/ self,
term, expired. .
APPOINTS DIRECTORS OF
AGRICULTURAL DISTRICTS
Four entire booths, incharge'of mem
bers, of the company costumed as young
ladies, will be represented on the stage.
It is . expected that the i efforts of the
impersonators to sustain their charac
ters will cause considerable merriment.
One of ¦ the features will be - the • young
ladies* booth under, the capable super
vision of Miss "Tiny" George Shaw.
Company ,.J>, League of the Cross
Cadets, is preparing to present In "elab
orate style an 'original, up-to-date bur
lesque t entitled, "The Closing Night * of
flie' Hayesl" .Valley ;; Church. /JFair.V/. on
Wednesday evening, June 11, at Native
Sons' Hall. The play, has 'been written
by the author of "The, Graduation Exer
cises of , the Hayes Valley High: School."
the company's great -hit of a year ago.
Fifty members of the company will ap
pear in the burlesque and, they will be as
silsted by the best of local talent.
COMPANY D WILL ' .,! . :
. / " : PRESENT BURLESQUE
DISCUSS PLANS TO
V ' J BEAUTIFY THE CITY
It has been current talk for sometime
that Dargle would be given the position
of Postmaster because of his friendship
for Congressman Victor - H. Metcalf ,
whose cause he (warmly espoused from .
the first. The appointment comes a little
earlier- than, even- Dargie anticipated.
Thomas Trounce Dargle' is .45, years of
age, a native-of San Francisco/ and.ysec- [
retary of the Tribune Publishing Com
pany, of which his brother, William E.
Dargie. is, president. He was educated
in Oakland at the old'McClure's Military
Academy, and later became associated I
with his brother in the publication of
the Tribune. His connection with the
paper covers a period of twenty-six years.
During this time Dargie. has. been active
ly connected with politics, though he has
never been a candidate for office. When *
Victor H. Metcalf became a candidate for'
Congress Dargie threw himself into Met
calf's fight heart and soul and'n.-.w re
ceives his reward. The new Postmaster
will assume office about July 1, and will
install the office in the new building.
"I was surprised at my luncheon with
the telegraphic announcement that I had
been appointed," said Dargie to-day. "I
am gratified that I should be thought
OAKLAND, May 28.— Word was re
ceived to-day that President
Roosevelt had appointed Thomas
Trounce • Dargle Postmaster of
Oakland.
The police are looking for a man named
Armstrong, who posed as the president
of the Golden Gate Mining Company and
has been hiring men to go to Alaska on
the promise of giving them $6 a day.
The office of the company ,was located in
the Brooldyn Hotel,, 208 Bush street.
Three men agreed to the terms of the
company and claim to have deposited $50
each with Armstrong as a guarantee of
their good faith. They were . told to be
prepared to sail on the Ventura, which
left for the north Tuesday. When they
called for their tickets Tuesday morning
they coyld not find Armstrong or the
youftg nrah who acted as his , "secretary,
jind after spending the day searching for
them they complained to the police. . De
tective Reynolds was detailed to find
Armstrong, but failed to locate him. He
5s said to live with his family at some
vytown hotel.
Workmen Say They Were Defrauded
NQTRE. DAME, Ind., May, 23.— The
names of the faculty of the new branch
of- Notre Dame University at Portland,
Orel, have just been announced by Very
Rev. John A. Zahn, provincial of "the
order dt the Holy Cros3. The rector of
the new school, which will occupy eighty
acres on the Willamette River, wili be
Rev. M. A. Quinlan, an eminent Ameri
.can Catholic scholar. Rev. William Marr
will be vice" rector and prefect of discip
line. Rev. : Father Tillman, * formerly
.president- of Water town College, will bo
director" of studies and head " teacher.
These men will leave Notre Dame in a
few days to take up their new worfe
' Many of the graduates of the university
are. desirous of going to the coast and
have applied for positions as teachers In
the new school. . • - ; " '¦¦••. ,.\-
K AMES OF THE FACULTY V
: 'FOR NEW UNIVERSITY
King was one of the best-known men in
Orange County and farmed extensively
on a San Joaquin ranch, while maintain
ing his residence .here. He was about "45
years old and left a wife and family. . He
was a Mason and: Odd Fellow. The body
was brought here to-night and an inqueat
will be held. • ¦ .
SANTA ANA. May 28.— J. W. King, Re
publican candidate for Treasurer of
Orange. County, was killed this evening
by caving earth on the premises of Jona
than Watson, near Olive. King, while
canvassing the county in the interest of
his candidacy, visited Watson's place.
After talking with several men near there
he walked into a gully near by. As he did
not return. search .was. made for him.. Tho
cave-in was discovered, and soon King's
body was found lying face downward un
der several tons of earth. Life waa ex
tinct. . ! .
CAVING EARTH CRUSHES - '
ORANGE COUNTY- CITIZEN"
REDDING, May 28.— Commercial war
fare is on between the towns of Redding
and Red Bluff, with, the trade of the
thriving mining camp of Harrison Gulch
as the prize. Some months ago Red Bluff
took advantage of the bad condition of
the Harrison Gulch-Redding road and be
gan*to bid for the traffic. The Tehama
Supervisors spent several thousand dol
lars in opening a good road. Then Shasta
County improved its road and Redding
still held the trade. Red Bluff merchant.3
succeeded In having a daily stage line
established to Harrison Gulch; but the
Redding stage got nearly all the passen
gers and the owners of the other stage
prepared, to discontinue It a week ago.
• Then the Red Bluff merchants signed an
agreement to pay the stage driver $100 a
month and he began to bring down Har
risoji Gulch passengers free of charge.
To-night the Redding merchants circulat
ed a subscription paper and they will ar*
range to pay "the driver of the Redding
stage $150 a month to catch the Gulch
travelers and bring them here free. If
necessary, Reddihe merchants will offer
premiums to hold the travel.
RIVAL. TOWNS PUT ON
FREE " STAGE LINES
Melton is about the same age as his
assailant, and both, unfortunately, loved
the same young lady, a Salvantion Army
lassie, who haa not determined which of
her suitors she preferred. Both have'
been., showing her i considerable attention
of late, • and Melton inadvertently, re-'
marked in the hearing of -Samuels that
he intended to present the young -.lady
with a nice box of candy. This was more,
than Samuels .could bear, and* his jeal-'
ous passion aroused, he: sailed into -his
rival and administered a terrible beating.
Witnesses of the fray allege that after
knocking his victim down Samuels
jumped on his face with both feet.
A warrant a worn to' by Melton for the
arrest of "his assailant was placed In, tne*
hands of Constable Miles Peerman for
service. : After a long search Samuels was
found hiding in a hack at the Fashion
stables on Main, street. He . pleaded
guilty, and will come up for sentence to
morrow. ¦ . ¦ > -¦ ¦ ' • '
SANTA ROSA, May 28.— Thomas Sam
uels, a youth of 16 brief summers, ". was,
hauled into Justice John Brown's court
lo-day to answer to a charge of battery.
The complaining witness was Jesse Mel
ton, whose features showed the eff eets of
a vigorous pummelling. It waa so badly
swollen that he could not see to, write
his name when called. upon to do so by.
the Justice.
"SOUNG LOVER IN COURT
FOR BEATING A RIV.
•"WASHINGTON, May. 28.— The Mercer
omnibus public building, bill has been
agreed oh In conference. : The bill carried
$15,800,000 when it left the House. The
Senate added. $3,200 ,000: In conference the
Senate amendments .were reduced about
$1,200,000. ' . . - ¦; ¦-• . • .. .',".. ¦
The following, among the items in con
troversy, were finally settled: Denver,
mint, total authorization, $300,000; Butte,
Mont., limit increased to $300,000; Portland,
dr., postoffice, Increased to ; $604,000; San
Francisco, custom house, increased* to
$l,000,0C0; Guthrie and . Oklahoma City,
Okla., $50,000 each; Ogden, Utah, increased
to $200,000; Laramle, •Wyo., $100,000; Albu
querque. N. M., $10,000; Tacoma and Spo
kane, Wash., increased for sites, each
$100,000; Los Angeles, Cal., new building
authorized and purchase of a half block
of ground, total $800,000. " , . .
PUBLIC BUILDING BILL
RUNS INTO MILLIONS
The ladies who are conducting the rum
mage sale at 1530 Powell street for the
benefit of the children's ward of the new
Eye and Ear Hospital report that the sale
has been a decided success from a finan
cial standpoint. The promoters of the
sale wish to thank the public for its gen
erous patronage.
The sale will be closed Decoration day,
but will reopen Saturday. Donations of
old shoes, clothing, kitchen utensils and
bric-a-brac of all descriptions are earnest
ly solicited.
Make the Bumma^e Sale Finan
cial Success. •
Ladies Axe Lending Best Efforts to
WORKING HARD FOR*
DESERVING CHARITY
McCormick eays he expects that the
colonist traffic will largely increase next
year and that we will have fully 30,000
visitors to the State.
General Passenger Traffic Manager E.
O. McCormick , of the Southern Pacific
yesterday gave out the figures of the
colonist travel to. the coast this spring.
The traffic was much larger than last
year. Eighteen thousand colonists came
tc California via the El Paso or Ogden
P&ieways. How many came by way of
Portland will not be known until later in
the- month. Of the colonists' tickets sold,
nearly all were for one way, which tends
to show that the majority of those who
tame to California Intend remaining here.
Last Year.
Manager McCormick Reports a Large
Increase Over the Traffic of
Mrs. Stephens testified that Hall choked
and bruised her. Her physician confirmed
the testimony, which was vehemently de
nied by the defendant. A large number of
Hanford residents were on hand to testlty
to Hall's good character. However, be
was, found guilty and the court imposed
a fine, of $100. Hall will appeal. •
A dispute 'had arisen- of e^some -hay on
Stephens' place. "While Stephens was
away. Hall and his hired man went to
haul the hay away. Mrs. Stephens tried
to prevent them, and, standing in front of
the horses, refused' to let them pass. . Ac
cording to witnesses for the prosecution.
Hall told his hired man to run over her
and finally took hold of her himself and
thrust her out of the way.
; PRESNO,-"May 2S.'— An exciting battery
case, was tried Before Justice Tucker of
SeliriV yesterday'— a case ' that took about
ha,lf <ifvHanf bfd- s .population to Selraa.
It . was' that of the people - against 1>. E.
HalL of -Hanford. rwho was a candidate
lor Sheriff at the last election.. The com
plainant was Mrs. Stephens, wife- of Jus
tice oC the Peace Stephens oJ Leinoore
and sister-in-law of Mayor L..O. Steph
ens of this city
TRIAX^ \OF,cBATTERY<CASE |
i : : .* EXCITES THREE TOWNS
EIGHTEEN THOUSAND
COLONISTS ARRIVE
At -the express wish of the family, the
escort from the church to the cemetery
was limited to a single squadron of. United
States cavalry. Not even the honorary
pallbearers were called on to accompany
the remains farther than the church! The
remains were . placed in the ; receiving
vault, to remain until such time as they
should be conveyed on a United ' "States
warship, across the Atlantic to the ances
tral home of the late Lord Pauncefote at
Preston. ' • /
The funeral escort was composed "of "theii
second squadron of - the Second Cavalry j
and the cavalry band, the latter 'mounted ;
on white horses; the Fourth Field Bat-.;
tery, the Third Battalion of United States
Engineers and band and a battalion of j
United States marines and band. The
church presented a beautiful and im-,i
pressive picture while the solemn cere- j
monies were in progress.
jjj "WASHINGTON,- May. 28.— The remains
of • the late Lord- Paunc'efote, British Em
bassador.to¦•Washirigton, .to-day, were ac
corded!, a national funeral in token* of , the"
high* esteem set i by 'the American people
on the personal worth of the deceased,
and as an acknowledgment of the friend
ly feeling which i» 'cherished ., toward
Great Britain.,. -The .St. John Church, of ;
which the i deceased a was a^taember, •¦ did •.
honor r to - his <> memory by; bringing s to;
Washington to "conduct the services "the
Coadjutor - Bishop of : Philadelphia, 5 the-
Rev. Mackay-Smith, under whom* he had;
sat. ¦¦"¦¦" ¦ • ¦ . '
WAESHIP'WTLL BEAR; ~ ;
.REMAINS OF PATJNCEFOTTE;
: Ci\LL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET. N.
W.V WASHINGTON,' May 28.— Officers of
the; Pay Corps may hereafter serve in
fighting capacities on board our men-of
war. '¦ \,
'-¦ Secretary Moody has taken under care
ful consideration a proposal of Rear Ad
miral - Kenny, paymaster general, .^that
paymasters may be assigned to duty in
charge / of powder divisions. This : pro
posal was submitted some montfci ago to
Long when he was Secretary of ,the Navy.
Long turned it over to Secretary Moody
"with" a favorable recommendation.
Rear Admiral*- Taylor,, chief of;- the
Bureau of i Navigation, la understood to
favori Rear. Admiral Kenny!* proposal for
the reason that it will", relieve the line
officers, .who- can, be stationed at batteries.
Th« 3 Secretary will shortly; issue an order
'on the subject." ' '. " -l ;
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PARIS, May 28,— The : resignation. of the |
Pr, emier, 4 Waideck-Rousseau, - was ij for- j
mally presented to" the Cabinet ¦ to-day.' |
Public announcement of the resignation
will be made.June-3i '.••:¦'¦¦ • ¦>; - ¦ - ¦¦¦ t ¦
' The entire? Cabinet- resigns .with. Wal
deck-Rousseauv If- publicly- announced,
now v the President,' -who desires-? to* .vistt'
his home at Monelimar, would "6e I "obliged ;
to remain in .Paris .and appoint a>new ;
Ministry. Consequently the .public an
nouncement of the resignation of the Cab
inet is deferred until his return. ¦
A letter has been received by Postmas
ter Groff of this city which says that
Hinckley'sbody lies under ninety feet of
gravel in an abandoned mine near Placer
ville, whither it is supposed Hinckley ha/1
gone to look at a mine. While little cre
dence is placed In the letter, the attor
ney's friends believe he was murdered in
San Francisco and his body disposed of.
Local detectives, as well as the Sheriff's
office, have devoted a great deal of atten
tion to the case, but are unable to solve
the mystery. - -
LOS ANGELES, May 28.'— It is believed
by the family and friends of Attorney A.
G. Hinckley of, this" city, who .left for
San Francisco on May 15 and who has
mysteriously disappeared, that he has
been murdered for his money and jewels
he -was known to have carried.- ;_ --
Saloonkeeper Kvans, it is claimed,
made a blunder Wednesday niKhl In giv
ing- Conway an undated receipt for the
$250 bail money, and if this be true It will
be practical'y impossible to convict Con
way or even prosecute the charges very
far. When the denouement came, Con
way, it Is said, called at Evans* saloon
and paid him the $259 and took an un
dated receipt for the money. This ruse
practically ties the hands of Evans, the
prosecuting witness, and also that of the
District Attorney, ajs it will be hard to
convince a jury that Evans did not re
ouest Conway to draw out the money and
receive it from him en the day he drew It
out.
• Before the men were charged. Attorney
A rente Campbell sued out a writ of
habeas corpus for their release. It was
made returnable forthwith before Su
perior Judge Lawlor, but as Judge Lawlor
did not hold court yesterday afternoon,
ttt matter was not taken ud. In the
meantime Oon^tay and - Lyons were re
leased on 1500 cash ball.' When the war
rants were cworn out Judee Cabanlsa
originally fixed the bail at $1000 in each
raee, but upon the showinsr made by At
torney Campbell it waa reduced.
Deputy County Clerk Lyons, who drew
the mor.ey out of the treasury upon the
order given him by Conway, denies all
knowledge of the matter. He made a full
statement to Captain Seymour yesterday,
in which he claimed that he knew nothing
of Conway'? methods and never used atoy
of the money drawn out of. the treasury
on fraudulent orders. He stated further
that when Conway presented the order to
him and asked him to cash it he did not
have the slightest suspicion that anything
was wrong. He went into the Treasurer's
office for the money and received it in
sight of Policeman Rainsbury, who Is de
tailed there.
It is a strange fact about this case that
Jessie Holland was at liberty without bail
from March 22, the day she was held to
answer in Judge Mogan's court, until last
Tuesday, when she was convicted of
grand larceny in the Superior Court.
LYONS MAKES EXPLANATIONS.
This sort of negligence on the part of a
Police Judge gives the Police Court clerk
an opportunity to draw on the treasury
as he would on his own private bank ac
count, except, of course, he must be able
to raise, (from private sources the money
he dra'ws in this way so when the case is
di&posed of it may be on hand ready- Tor
tbe person who originally deposited it. If
Evans had not. accidentally -received an
order from Judge Dunne for the return of
the bail money when the case of
Jesse Holland v.-as disposed of in
bis ' court Tuesday the loose sys
tem that permits Police Court clerks
to secure and use bail money at
will might never have been exposed.
If Evans had presented himself to Con
way and asked for an order for his bail
rconey, as is the usual custom, the Police
Court clerk would have probablv taken
his receipt and told him to come back in
an hour, and in the meantime he could
either have drawn another fraudulent or
der for that amount in some case still
pending or secured the money to make
••good" the demand on the outside. And
fo the system is a case of borrowing from
Peter to pay Paul. Just how much of
this has been done is not known, but It is
ecfe to say that the practice. Is quite
common. . •
THE WAY IT IS 'DONE.
The expose of the latest Police Court
method of getting possession of bail
snoney has aroused the ire of Treasurer
McDougald, and he yesterday issued or
ders that in the future no bail money will
be refunded until the party calling for it
presents the original receipt -he received
from the Warrant and Bond Clerk, a duty
which every Judge of the Police Court is
supposed to look after when he signs or
ders for the return of bail money.
The method of securing bail money in
the manner that Conway did is very sim
ple, but it is quite doubtful that either
Lyons or Conway can be convicted in
this case. When a person puts up bail
for the appearance in the Police Court of
a defendant charged with crime he takes
a receipt from the warrant and bend
clerk, with whom the money is first de
posited. When the case is disposed of in
the Police Court the person who put up
the bail takes his receipt to the clerk of
the Police Court and he takes the receipt
end makes an order for the return of the
bail. This order is signed by the Judge
of the court in which the case was tried,
and the person who put up the bail pre
sents it to the city treasury and receives
his money. The system is such that un
less the Police Judges inspect every or
der carefully and take charge- of the re
ceipts themselves the clerk of the Police
Court, if the Judge allows him to hand vp
a bunch of orders for the return of ball
money and have them signed indiscrim
inately, can draw as much ball money
from the treasury for his own private use
as he sees fit.
LOOSE METHODS.
Fredrick R. Conway, clerk in Depart
ment 1 of the Police Court, presided over
by Judge Mogan, and Robert E. Lyons,
13eputy County Clerk, who were taken
into custody Tuesday night upon the ex
pose of their- allegea fraudulent methods
*jf securing ball money from the city
treasury, were yesterday booked at the
City Prison on charges of grand larceny
by trick and device. This charge was
placed against the two clerks after a con
sultation held yesterday afternoon in the
District Attorney's office. J. M. Evans,
the saloon proprietor whose money was
extracted from the treasury upon the or
der executed by Polioe Court Clerk Con
way and signed by Judge Mogan. by mis
take, so ii is claiinea. appeared at the
Hall of Justice about 3 oeiooc yesterday
afternoon ana swore to the complaints
<;ha.rging Conway and Lyons witn grand
larceny. There was considerable quib
iing over the exact nature of the charge
that should be lodged against the men,
but Assistant District Attorney John T.
Graney, after looking into tne matter
thoroughly, decided that grand larceny by
trick and device was the proper change, it
being argued that the money was ,the
property of Evans, and that the [Treas
urer was simply the custodian vi the
coin.
1 The penalty for securing money from
Vhe city treasury by fraudulent orders is
exactly the same as that which will be
"meted out if Lyons and Conway are con
victed upon the grand larceny charge.
. Lord Brassey admitted, 'however, that
the British shipbuilders must look to
their laurels in the construction of
ocean "greyhounds" of the ¦Hamburg-
American ' line ' steamer Deutschland
type, • and urged more liberal subsidies
for mail-carrying. He concluded. with re
ferring to . the. desirability of an imperial
customs union, and -touched upon the in
creasing friendship between Great Britain
end the United States.
; Dealing j with, the shipping
Lord Brassey said it was | idle -.to ; expect
or claim a monopoly of the North At
lantic. .It wa!T~certaIn''so"oTse*r-rorTlater
that- some movement ; similar V to that
initiated by J. P. . Morgan \ would be
brought about by the United* States, t I
"Let us .not sacrifice our : national dig
nity, in unavailing and * groundless
alarms," the . address continued. r"Our
position as a maritime nation- is assured!
beyohd the reach of competition/and we,
shall -hold our position against all com-'
ers, because we build ships more cheap
ly and, . with or without foreign crews,
sail them more cheaply than any of our
rivals.' 1 .- > ' ;
Meanwhile printed copies of the presi
dential address .were distributed! ; In .It
he urged the improvement of the London
'docks, .on Ithe lines of those -at v New' York
and at Hamburg, and said .he believed
the . British, on even terms^were > well
able to hold ¦ their " own ' in '"' industrial
struggles.'.": .¦':'-'¦; -'-•.: ¦ '"'•'' \_ '¦}'.¦ j / - •' : :
LONDON, ; May 28.— The annual meeting
of the London Chamber, of; Commerce,
which was , to have been held ..this^ after
r.oon, was ' unexpectedly adjourned, owing,
to lack • of space j and ;' accommodations.
Hundreds of business men and merchants
crowded Into the small room provided,fpr
the "meeting, /and when Lord Brassey,
who: presided, attempted to ..open", the
meeting he was greeted with, demands
for 'adjournment from the sweltering,
half-stifled audience, whose outcries were
finally acceded : to. , - •, :U;.. - .;.;,;
Shipbuilders Advised to Have
a ; Care 3 for . Tbeir .
- • Laurels, v, •. ,
,•¦¦/.-•¦' ¦ • ¦¦¦¦ ¦ • — - .
Officers.' Handling Coin Are
•¦•'• to Direct Powder Di-'i
visions.
;; ._ : r y.;.. ' •: ¦ ; ¦ . . ,• , . . ;• '.-•..-. ,•-. j
Entire^Cabinet ., Follows' Suit I
Vy/v. -Be Chosen./ ?*jr?^j|
Letter . Reaches * Postmaster
Statin g That Missing ; '
Man Is Dead />. i •
That Pave Way for
Gross Frauds
Loose Police Court Methods
M. Waldeck- Rousseau
\ .Retires', From, the .;.
' .t „ ' Ministry. -* fc J X
mercial : Men. r ,. •
English Lord Gives Coun
sel to.London Com-
signments.
Secretary of the Navy
..to Make New As-
Deputy Clerks Lyons and
Couway Are Charged
With Larceny*.
Friends Fear Los Ange
les Attorney Has Been
\ Murdered.
BRASSEY CALMS
BRITAIN'S FEARS
FRENCH PREMIER
RESIGNS OFFIGE
BAIL SCANDAL
GROWS SERIOUS
HINCKLEY'S FATE
STILL IN DOUBT
FIGHTERS WILL
BE PAYMASTERS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THUKSDAT, MAY 29, l<>02.
POSTMASTER FRIENS'S
SUCCESSOR IS NAMED
President Appoints Thomas Trounce Dargie
' to Manage Oakland's Postal Department
\ at Request of Congressman V. H.^etcalf
9
Impaired Digestion
is quickly corrrected by these won-
derful > pills*4One \ trial will \ show :
you the- reason for" the big sales of
Beechams
'.¦;•;/••
- Sold EVerywliere-In bo»:« ioc and Ue. ' i
¦'¦¦-;. • ' '..•;¦ .'¦¦'- :
', NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
SCOURING YOTJB SCALP
Will. 1 Remove \ the.' Loose . , DandruiT
Scales; but It Won't Cure Dandrurfi
¦ If yourihair is brittle arid thinning,' you
have dandruff. The •; mere scouring rof
the scalp of the loose scales won't cure
dandruff;. because dandruff is nothing but
scales of scalp beings thrown up by a pes-
tiferous-little grerm in burrowing, its way
to the root of the halr,,where it saps the
vitality.- causing falling hair and; in time,
baldness. , Now,' you-; can't stop dandruff,
nor falling hair, nor, prevent baldness, un-
lcstt;you destroy that germ;; and. the only
preparation thafcan do it isthe new sci-
entific discovery, Newbro's Herpicide. -In
fact;": no ; other hair preparation claims . to
kill r. the ", dandruff germ-j-all " of : them will
clean' the scalp; soap 'and: water will' do.
that" but only Newbro's Herpicide gets at
the; root 'Of; the 'trouble acd kills the dan-
druff gerrn.'t- .;.;.. .-,;, •.- ¦ -¦". -'
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SURGICAL OPERATIONS
How Mrs. Brace, a Noted Opera
Singer, Escaped an Operation.
Broof That Many Operations
f or Ovarian Troubles are Un-
necessary.
" Dear Mks. Pdtkiiam : — Travelling
for years on the road, with irregular
meals and sleep and damp beds, broke
down my . health so completely two
years ago that the physician advised a
complete rest, and when I had gained
'/¦ ¦ • U '^i%^^;y : :
( MBS. 6. BSUCE.
sufficient vitality, an operation for
ovarian troubles. Not a very cheerful
prospect, to bts sure. I, however,' was
advised to try Lydia E. Pinkham's
Vegetable Compound and San-
ative "Wash ; I did so, fortunately
for me. Before a month had passed I
felt that my- general health had im-
proved; in three months mare I was
cured, . and ,1 , have been iniperfect
health sin=3. I did not lose an engage-^
ment or miss a ineal. . .' < ¦'
11 Your, Vegetable Compound is cer-
tainly, wonderful, and well worthy the. .
praise your admiring friends who have
been cured are ready to give you. I
always ' speak . highly of'; it, and you
< willa4niit I- have good reason to do
bo. "¦— Mb3. G. Bbucb, Lansi d g, Micb. .
95000 forfeit if above testimonial 13 not genuine. '
, 'The , fullest counsel' on this
subject can be secured without
cost by ..¦writing, to' airs Pinkbam,
Lynn, Mass. Your, letter Trill be
entirely confidential.
GRAPE-NUTS.
TALKS OUT.
Doctor Talks About Tood.
It Is often the case that doctors them-
sclves drift into bad habits of food and
drink although they know better, but
doctors are human.yoU know.like the rest
of «F;but when they get into trouble they
generally know better how to get out of
It, and the "food route" is a common
orrc amonj them.
- D Jv. H ' Karber o* Laurel. Ind., con-
ouded that cofTee and badly selected
food v. as the cause of his stomach trou-
ble and his loss of weight from 184
pounds to 13, pounds, with nerves Im-
1;< t!i *<*. geaeral ner vous break-down.
He did cot give coffee up at once but
JwBan the use of Grape-Nuts and says:
i^Sifn^ T^M C0Uld eee a wonder-
change had taken place due to the
use of the new food. I decided to give up
ceffee and use Postum in its place. So
regularly for a time I have been on a
breakfast made up of Grape-Nuts a' lit-
tle graham bread, and Postum Food Cof-
fee. My weight has increased to 174
pounds, my Btomach trouble has entirely
rone and my mind is clear and vigorous
as ever. Wishing you every «uccesg I
beg to assure you of my warm apprecia-
tion of Grape-Nuts and PosturoNew "Del aionte Flyer."
On next Monday, June 2, the Southern
Pacific will put on a new fast train, to be
known as the "Del Monte Flyer." This
train will leave San Francisco daily (ex
cept Sunday) at 4 o'clock, reaching D»l
Monte at 7:10 p. m. It will leave Del Monte
at 9 a. m. and arrive in San Francisco at
v, "i*. 0 "' ftopplng only at San Jose in
each direction. The new train will be
rqu pped with the latest coaches, a new
Fullman parlor car and a complete library
car, containing buffet, smoking and read-
The Central Theater company appears
to advantage in "Hands Across the Sea."
Crowded houses have been noted at
every performance. The work of Fanny
Mclntyre. the new leading lady, has been
or high order. She is becoming very pop
ular. Geor&ie Cooper and Agnes Rankin
arc also doing good work. Earl Brown aad
James McVicker have added strength to
the stock company. Next week "The Side
walks of New York" will be presented.
• • •
"Fiddle Dee Dee" still holds merry
sway at Fischer's. The burlesque Is In its
tenth week and bids fair to go another
month. The theater is crowded nightly,
and the efforts of Kolb and Dill, Barney
Bernard, Maud Amber and others are ap
preciated.
• • - •
James Neill and company are giving a
fine performance of "A Bachelor's Ro
mance" at the California Theater. Next
Sunday night George H. Broadhurst's lat
est effort. "The Red Knight," will be pre
sented for the first time on any stage.
The comedy romance has been in re
hearsal for the last three weeks and the
company is well drilled in its lines. Mr.
Broadhurst came all the way from New
York to superintend putting on the new
play. ' .
Maud Fealy has scored a hit at the
Grand Opera-house with her presentation
of the leading role in "The Little Minis
ter." It is J. M. Barrie's original adapta
tion. She is accorded excellent support by
the members of the stock company.
Miss Florence Roberts will inaugurate
her season at the Alcazar on Monday,
June 9, with White Whittlesey as her
loading man and a strong supporting or
ganization. The sale of seats opens Tues
day next. During the present week ths
stock company will present . the great
success "The Brixton Burglary." Next
week W. H. Crane's delightful comedy
"His Wife's Father" will be presented.
It is from the pen of Martha Morton, an
author of successful plays.
Peter F. Dailey and company furnish
sti amusing performance at the Orpheum.
Dalley's lines are full of wit and he de
livers them snapplly. He is assisted by
eome clever people. The balance of the
programme is up to the Orpheum stan
dard.
The Tivoli is making preparation for a
revival of "The Toymaker." It is to be
produced next Monday nlgrht. Hartman
has a congenial part and the rest of the
company is given excellent opportunity to
dicplay its talents. . "The Singing Girl"
holds £way the rest of the week.
Kathryn Kiddcr and her splendid com
pany are now crowding 1 the Columbia.
The performance of "The Country Girl"
is a notable one and has been enjoyed by
large audiences. Next Monday night Miss
Kidder is to make her first appearance on
any stage in Alexander Dumas' greatest
work, "Francillon." » The adaptation of
the piece was done by L. Du Pont Syle, a
professor at the University of California.
In the title role Miss Kidder will have a
strong emotional part, and an unusually
interesting presentation may be looked
for.
The playhouses have good bills to offer
this week. Special maXlnees will be held
at the Orpheum, Fischer's and the Cen
tral Theaters on Decoration day.
Broadhursfs Comedy Drama
Opens at California
Sunday Night.
Miss Kidder to Produce
an Adaptation From
the French.
TWO NEW PLAYS
IN PREPARATION
THE- SAN FRAKCISCO CALI,, THTJRSDAY; MAY 29 t 1902.
10
HIGHLAND SPRINGS
ALWAYS "OPEN.
¦ The famous health and pleasure resort of
Lake County. Finest waters for the cure of
LIVER. KIDNEY, MALARIA' RHEUMATISM
and STOMACH TROUBLES. Every comfort
and amusement. FREE SWIMMING TANK,
CROQUET, TKNNIS. ' Regulation Bowling Al-
ley, Riding and Driving Horses. Splendid Trips
in Mountains or. Valley. . . ¦ - / "
NOTE SPECIAL RATES.
One person in room, "small hotel". .$10 per week
Two persons In room, "small hotel". $18 per week
One person In room, '."cottages" . . . .$11 per week
Two persons In room, "cottages". . .$20 per week
One person in room. "MAIN HOTEL".
_ $12 and $14 per week
Two persons In room, "MAIN HOTEL".... : >
_ .$20 and $22 per week
Special inducements for Schobl Teachers or
Families desiring to remain by the month.
For Illustrated pamphlets, photographs and
analysis of waters call on Tourists' Information
Bureau, 11 Montgomery or The Traveler office,
20 Montgomery st., or write direct to CRAIU
& WARNER, Highland Springs, Lake Co., Cal.
SANTA CATALINA ISLAND,
3# Hours from Los Angeles.
Advantages, attractions and amuse-
ments Impossible elsewhere; ninth aoa-
son; three months on £atalina Island of
our Famous Marine Band, twenty-five
members, ten soloists; most phenomenal
nsmne and greatest rod and reel records
known; the Marine Gardens: Glass-bot-
tomed Boats and Aquarium; Boating,
Bathing; Wild Goat Shooting: Delight-
ful Coast Excursions; Fleets of Yachts
and Launches; Ideal Camp Life: Com-
plete Camp Equipment; Hotels and Cot-
tages; Hotel Metropole, modern conven-
iences, electric lights; Golf. Tennis, Bowl-
Ing, Music. Dancine. etc. For further
particulars address BANNING COM-
PANY,- 222 South Spring street, Los An-
geles,- or E. C. PECK, Tourist Informa-
tion Bureau, 11 Montgomery street, San
Francisco, Cal. \
0^il/"»/^O HOT SPRINGS, SONO-
A/T MI1I7& MA COUNTY: only 4#
VlinV/l/U - hours from t San Fran-
cisco and but 9 miles'
staging; waters noted for medicinal virtues;
best natural hot mineral- water bath in State;
boating and swimming In Warm Springs Creek;
good trout streams; telephone, telegraph, daily
mail, express and San Francisco morning and
evening papers: FIRST-CLASS HOTEL AND
STAGE SERVICE; both morning and after-
noon round trip from San Francisco
only $5 50. Take Tiburon ferry at 7:30 a. m.
or 3:30 p. m. Sundays 8 a. m. only. Rates $2
a day or 812 a week. References, any guest
of the past seven years. Patronage of 1901
unprecedented. Tourist ~ Information Bureau.
11 Montgomery st. : also at TraVeler office 20
Montgomery st., or of J. F. MULGREW
Skaggs.-^Cal.
SPECIAL* RATES TO TEACHERS.
You all know about my table
H. O. WICKES. Castella. Cal. r
f' The seaside retort of Central California— |
, enlarged and improved— rates per day $z and I
upward* — open May ji»t — fine, orchestra. I
Address for hotel, R. M. Briare. Porcottaeei, I
j F. Reanier, Capitola, Cal. For general infor- I
J mation. Peck's Information Bureau, 11 Mont- J,
j • goincry Street, San Francisco, Cal. . D
1 ¦¦ 11 ¦niiwiiiiiniMwi_jj_iMif sMiuuauim I
SEIGLER SPRINGS^
& mineral waters
unexcelled - for rheumatism, malaria, stomach
diseases. Swimming, billiards, dancing. Ping
Pong; $8 to $12 week. Office. 117 Grant ave.. or
Selgler Springs, Lake Co., H. McGOWAN, prop..
WHITE COTTAGES.
Ho well Mountain: altitude . 2000 feet; air
pure and dry; delightful family resort; dally
mall; croquet; reg. bowling; social hall; splen-
did camping grounds; $8 per week. Write
MRS. J. H. GOETSCHE. Angwln. Cal. .
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS. ,
. Finest fishing, hunting and health resort on
the coast. Climate perfect On Klamath River.
Rates. $2 and $2 50 per day; $10 .to $14 per
week. Call Traveler Office* 20 Montgomery st.,
or. address EDSON BROS., Beswick,' Slsklyou
County, Cal.. ."•.--,'•• .
, ; _ _
CONGRESS SPRINGS.
A charming resort in the Santa. Cruz Mts.;
2 hours from San Francisco; delightful cli-
mate; swimming and. all sports; table unsur-
passed; best mineral water on the coast; open
all the year. A. S. OLNEY. Manager. '• ;
DUNCAN SPRINGS.
Two miles from Hopland; best medicinal
waters in the State: fine hotel and first-class
table; rates $10 and $12; housekeeping cottages.
O. HOWELL,- Hopland. Mendocino Co., Cal. :
• '. : ~ i ¦ ¦ - - \
FRIDAY AND SATURDAY, May SO, 31i
BUHLINGAME HORSE SHOW)
ILLUMINATION- AT- HOTEL. MATEO, SAN
MATEO.-.- .- -
Come and Stay Over Sunday. ; „ . .
ALL ATTRACTIONS
For the summer the Hotel Vendome
management announces many new at-
¦ tractions at that popular resort.' Two
j magnificent swimming pools -are near I
the hotel and guests may have all the \
pleasure of seaside resorts. Bowling,
golt, tennis and ping pong are among
the many, diversions. Johannsen's Or-
chestra will be there all the time.
Automobile coaching from the hotel
throughout the valley.
GEORGE P. SNELL, Manager.
HOTEL VENDOME,
¦ SAN JOSE,. CAL.
POPISH
«— 4^ <b-^ ' Nature's own selec-
F<f|O . ¦ tion for a health and
.. , X Vr JLX ¦ . pleasure : resort be-
___, . —¦-—,»— cause of the curative
HK A ITH - properties of Its mud
£.!JLijfAJLi JL All'-' and fulphur baths for.
-• . . . rheumatism, 1 lnsom-
• A MT\ nla. gout, neuralgia,
liver.kldney and blood
diseases. Has . every
T\T "CJ A C?TTYVC3 natural advantage for
OTTO E. NEVER, Prop.
C M. ARNOLD, 640 MnrKct, S. T., Agl
•TAHOE TAVERN,
LAKE TAHOE.
"NOT BETTER THAN THE BEST. BUT
BETTER THAN THE REST."
Will formally open for guests June 12th. Said
to be "finest mountain hotel west of the Rocky
Mountains," Try it and form your own opinion.
During- June -you can obtain, good room and
board for $3 per day, but you can spend more
if you- want to. .
For folder giving full description call at the
S. P. Information Bureau, under Grand Hotel,
or write to TAHOE TAVERN, TAHOE CITY,
CAL. -
"~ 5 ~ i ! [ ¦¦•¦.- T~*
Byron j^ot Springs
. CONTRA COSTA CO., CAL.— Fine
hotel, modern Improvements, : perfect ap-
pointments. Suites with mineral baths.
These wonderful waters and hot mineral
and mud baths cure Rheumatism and Ma-
laria without fail. AdA-ess • Manager, By-
ron Hot Springe, Cal. Call on Lombard &
Co.; 36 Geary st. ;- . ¦ ,
EL BONITO HOTEL.
The largest and best appointed hotel In Rus-
sian River Valley. Excellent hunting, fishing
and boating; fine scenery: pure spring water;
newly. renovated; new furniture. R C CAL-
HOUN, Proprietor. Duncans Mills, Cal. For
information and rates . Inquire of Peck's Bu-
reau, 11 Montgomery St., -or write R. C. Cal-
boun. Proprietor. i .- , . - •
l"^^" 1^^"" THE NEW BUILDINGS AND
HOITT'S Beautiful Grounds at Horn's
_• - rt School will be open to summer
/HtJlNLU guests ' during June and July.
n*r»ir Superior climate, excellent
fr*AIvl\. table; reasonable prices.' Ad-
' ' dress IRA G. HOITT.
THE TALLAC,
Lake Tahoe, with many additional attractions,
among them the splendid new amusement pa-
vilion.- Resident physician. •
Address M. LAWRENCE & CO., Tallac, Cal.
Note — Positively no consumptives taken. •
For descriDtlve pamphlet call at S. P. In-
formation Bureau, 613 Market st.
' BROCKWAY, LAKETAHOE,
OPEN JUNE I.
. To avoid disagreeable waiting for narrow
gauge ' and steamer, ' take
THE BROCKWAY TALLY-HO
Over our ¦ short j cut. It meets the morning
train at Truckee Sundays and Thursdays.
LAKE TAHOE.
Lakeside Park. Now open. Hotel, cottages
and tents. Delightful camping grounds near
steamer landing; furnished tents to rent. For
descriptive circulars and terms address E B.
Smith & Co.. Statellne P. P., El Dorado Co.. Cal.
LAKE TAHOE,
Glenbrook, ! Nev. . Lake shore house and cot-
tages. Best fishing on the lake. Partially fur-
nished cottages for campers. Write for partlcu-
Jars and rates, D. CORRILLAND, proprietor.
RUBICON PARK.
Delightful summer resort on shore of Lake Ta-
hoe. • Everything new.; Best beach for bathing
on the lake. Fishing, hunting. •- Boats, fishing
tackle; saddle horses at moderate hire; $2 per
' day, or $10,' $12, $14 per week Postofflce, : tel.
A. L, Frost, Rubicon Park, Lake Tahoe. Cal.
DEER PARK INN AND COTTACES.
6 miles from LAKE TAHOE. Typical resting
place; 6507 feet elevation. Mineral springs
Take 6 p. m. train. S. F. Send for booklet.
J. B. SCOTT. Deer. Park. Cal. ( — ¦
TRUCKEE RIVER COU^1X,3.
Summer Resort and Sportsmen's Lodge. Flch-
ing unexcelled; fish hatchery. Second season.
Send for booklet. W. C. Foulks, Verdi, Nev.
If you wish to know where the finest min-
eral springs on the Pacific Coast are, bo
that you can select the one most desir-
able for you. get "Vacation. 1902."
If you wish to camp In some mountain
dell, or on the bank of some limpid
stream, get "Vacation. 1902."
K you prefer a hotel or a private home In
- some beautiful town, get "Vacation.
1902."
(¦••¦ . • •
If you prefer the free life of a farm, get
"Vacation. 1902."
This little book, "Vacation. 1902," is-
sued by the California Northwestern
Railway Company, gives complete ' In-
formation for any kind of an outing. ..
To be had at ticket offices of company, 650
Market street (Chronicle building), and
Tiburon Ferry, or at the General Office,
Mutual Life building, corner San some
and California streets.
Call or write for a copy.
H. C." "WHITING, -GenT Manager.
R. X. RYAN, Gen'l Pass. Agt.
¦' '' '. I
WITTER
MEDICAL SPRINGS.
CERTAIN CURE FOR STOMACH. LIVER,
kidney and bladder troubles. Absolute guar-
antee for all skin and blood diseases. Works
wonders In all female complaints. Recommend-
ed by leading" physicians, t Thousands cured.
Tickets Cal. & N. W. R. R. ; stage from Uklah.
Call or address • . >- .
WITTER P. O.. Lake Co.. Cal.
Main office and water depot. 916 Market
street, room 64. city.
R. McCORMICK. Manager.
GRANTS.
Couple hundred yards from railroad station.
Elegant country mansion. Scenic surround-
ings, beautiful grounds, plenty of shade, swim-
ming and fishing, croquet grounds, hammocks,
etc One and one-half miles south of Healds-
burg. First floor, ' one person in room, $9 per
week; two In a room, $16 per week. Second
floor, one parson In room, $8 per week; two In a
room,/$14 per week. Will also furnish tents to
those desiring. Single person in tent. $6 per
week: two in a tent. $10 per week. Buy tickets
to Grant Station. Address Mrs. A. F. GRANT
Healdsburg. Sonoma County. Cal. *
WILBUR HOT SULPHUR SPRINGS,
Sulphur Creek. Colusa Co., Cal., 26 miles by
stage west of Williams; fare $2. Hottest,
strongest water on the coast; temperature 143
deg. Cures rheumatism, dropsy, salt rheum,
skin diseases, neuralgia, liver, kidney com-
plaints, paralysis, mercury In system, dyspep-
sia, catarrh. Natural mud baths. New 2-story
hotel: .fine new bathhouse. Board and lodging
including baths, $10 a week. WM. OELGEART'
Proprietor. *
£!; TOCALOMA *§§!*
Bertrand Hotel: first-class accommodations;
reasonable rates foe families and parties: fish-
ing, bathing; beautiful drives to Bear Valley,
etc. Telephone. JOSEPH *F. BERTRAND or
Bulletin Office every Friday, 2 to 4 p. m. *
HOTEL BON-AIR,
v J?O5S VALLEY.
J. ~E. MANLOVE & WIFE, . (formerly Mrs.
, . Leach), Proprietors.
RUSSIAN RIVER HOTEL.
One mile from famous "Bohemian Grove"*
new management; all refitted. Quietude, com-
fort, pleasure; hunting, fishing, boating; fresh
milk, cream and best . of everything. . Address
C. F.CARR. Manager. Russian River station
via Duncans Mills. Cal.
INDEPENDENCE LAKE~
Fishing; boats; excellent table; climate per-
fect; 16 miles from Truckee. i n an unbroken
forest. Further Information Traveler office 20
Montgomery st., or MRS. H. M. CLEMONS
Tnickee. Cal. . . " ¦ "
".WHITE SULPHUR SPRINGS, -
Nearest place to S. F., 2% hours; S miles
from Vallejo. 1 Hot Sulphur baths; cure rheu-
matism, neuralgia, eczema, kidney, llvex, stom-
ach diseases. Lake for boating and bathinr
Dancing pavilion. $10 a week and up. Free
bus to guests. M.. MADRID. Vallejo. CaL
JOHANNtSBERC.
IN THE NAPA REDWOODS; NEW HOTEL-
large dlnlhg-room; exhilarating air; hunting'
fishing, swimming and boating; terms reasonl
able. Inquire of THEO. BLANCKENBURQ
JR.. . prop., Oakville, Napa County or Peck'a
Information Bureau, 11 Montgomery st. >:-¦
LAWRENCE VILLA.
Town Home.' Sonoma. Will : meet ruests
Pleasant location. Plenty shade; nice drives'-
swimming; fruits; $5 per week. HENRY PEL^
LISSIER. Sonoma. Sonoma- County. Cal. .—
WHITE SULPHUR SPRINGS.
TWO MILES FROM ST. 1 HELENA —POST
tlve cure for rheumatism, stomach trouble
and blood diseases. Livery stable. Carriage
meets. all trains. Board. Including baths
He'lenZ'cal. "" W - ~" - M ««>»M1<^ fc
Forrest aad health 1 in tuc eienn»«
THE CEYSERS.
(Sonoma County). New management: rooms
plastered and hard finished: new furniture -
new private bathhouse; hunting, fishing year
.Pec^ly^up^
A HOTEL LYNDON, ;
Los Gatos. First-class hotel; large" grounds.
Lawn tennis, croquet and popular amusements.
Opposite depot. • MALPAS & COSGROVE.
THE PURISSIMArHOPSE.
Near the ocean. Fishing In 'only mountain
trout stream in San Mateo Co. ; Long distance
phone. $2 per. day.- C. P. MOSCONI. Prop..
Purissima, San Mateo Co.." Cal.
Adams
Springs
LAKE COUNTY, CAL''^;
For t stomach, liver and kidney troubles—
positive cure for constipation. New kitchen
and dining-room, under the supervision of Cart
Raymond and Hans Mortensln and assistants,
recently from Hotel del Coronado. BTva n«w
houses. Room for all. We have mora testi-
monials from people cured tban all other
springs combined.
For further Information address 1
v?/"I DR. VT. R. PRATHER,
, . Adams Spring*.
ARCADIA,
In Santa Cruz Mountains, Half Mils
From Big Tree Grove.
Buy ticket to Camous Station. For particu-
lars and booklet writs THOS. L. BELL, P. O..
Felton. Cal. Opens June 1st. .
YOSEMITE VALLEY,
BIG OAK FLAT AND YOSEMITX STAGE
CO. — Running directly through the Tuolumn*
Big Tree Grove. Special rates for teachers and
parties. Staging 2& hours first afternoon and
9 hours next day, arriving at Yosemlte Valley
op. m. . Send for Illustrated folder. WM. J.
"WHITE. Gen'l. Agent. 630 Market st. opposite
Palace Hotel. S. F.; tel. Black 3571.
LAUREL DELL,
The Switzerland of America; largest dlnini?-,
room; new myrtle cottage; hunting, boating,
bathing, toboggan, new livery, tennis, bowling,
etc.; free teams to our mineral springs, 15
kinds. E. Durnan, Laurel Dell. Lake Co.. Cal.
TROUT FISHING.
Best In State at BOCA. CAL.
For information address Boca Hotel. Boca,
Nev. Co.. CaL. on TRUCKEE RTVER.
riMPTAVIAD HOTEL. camp 'cottages
tAillr 1 AILVA and grounds, private pic-
nics. • bowling alley, tennis, boating, trout fish-
ing; telephone. Call at Traveler. 20 Montgom-
ery street. H. G. MARTIN. Proprietor.
LAKEPORT AND BARTLETT SPRING3
STAGE LINE — Hopland to Bartlett Springs,
via Lakeport. carrying passengers for Lakeport
and Bartlett Springs. Stages connect with trains
at Hopland. l^ave HoDland at 12:30; arrive at
Lakeport at 3:20; arrive at Bartlett Springs at
7:30. New 6- horse 14-cassenger tourist wagons,
made to order for this staxe line, with all the
most moderr Improvements. Passeneers for
Lakeport -or Bartlett Springs call for tickets by
Bartlett Springs Stage Line. Tickets can be
bad at office Cal. Northwestern By., 630 Mar-
ket St., or at Tlburon Ferry. !
MILLER & HOWARD. Propriators.
VTCITY RFHINGS^-a miles from Uklah.*
? -Mendocino Ca Natural electric waters,
champagne baths. Only place la the world of
this class of waters having continuous flow of
natural warm water direct from springs to
tubs. Lovely grounds, flshin?. hunting. Crys-
tal Springs. Accommodations: table flrst-ciaaa.
J. A. REPEMETER & CO.. Props.
O ICHABDPON'S SPKTKTGS —Ten
«v miles from Chlco. Cal. Noted for being a
sure euro for rheumatism, malaria, dyspepsia,
blood and' kidney diseases, nervous troubles,
etc. A dead enemy of poison oak and skin dis-
eases. Hotel and baths open entire ytv. J.
V. RICHARDSON. Prop.. Chlco. CaL
HARBIN SPRINGS — Most desirable In LakA
Co.; contain sulphur. Iron, magnesia and
arsenic: wonderful cures of rheumatism, ca-
tarrh kidney, liver and stomach troubles: new
gymnasium, bowling alley, handball court and
l-illlard room. Round-trip tickets, 3. P. office,
$3. J. A. HAYS. Prop. , ,j
PLANTATION HOUSE. 13 miles from Caza-
dero— Grand redwood and mountain scenery ;
good trout fishing; plenty of fruit, cream and
milk. Dally mall, stage from Cazadero. Throusfr .
faVe R." R. and stage. $3 50. For particulars
apply J. Lottringer. Sea View. Sonoma Co.. Cat.
HOTEL DE KEDWOOD — Santa Crua Mts.
Among the grand old trees; board $3 and
$10 a- week; fare, return ticket. $3 60. M. 8.
COX. Laurel, Santa Crux County. Information
at Peck's Bureau. 11 Montgomery st.
t! SAN FRANCISCO RANCHO— THIS
homelike resort Is located In the Santa
Cruz Mountains. 6 miles from Capltola. Good
tabla board, hunting and fishing. Address B.
D. WEBB. Soquel. CaL '
HE LIERLY RANCH— Elevation 2150 feet.
Scenery beautiful. Wild cam* abundant.
Good fishing. Best deer hunting In the State.
$7 to $S per week. Jerry Lierly. Potter Valley.
THE OAKS, a favorite summer resort on
Brand forte drive. 5 miles from Santa Cruz:
dally mall. - fishing, home cooking. Address
MRS. CZARINA SMITH. MILLS. Santa Cruz.
A"NrN"A.T>AI/G FABM. SANTA CRU2
MOUNTAINS, cottages and rooms to let. fur-
nished or unfurnished for housekeeping. H.
J. EEEGELKEN. Los Gatos Postofflce. CaL
GARDEN CITY SANITARIUM. San Jose, CaL
One of the best equipped on the coast. Every
variety of water treatment, electricity, mas-
sage. X-ray. "Write for literature. _^
BELLEVUE HOTEL — El Verano. Sonoma
County. Cal. Terms, $1 00 per day and
upward. Lonsr distance telephone. Hot min-
eral^prlnjrsjjear_by :; _P£teTjOouanhArdoo»J^ort
RIVERSIDE HOTEL and' cottages; 75 mu. ;
Santa Cruz. Cal. Near Beach. Rates to •
families. Information at . 11 Montgomery. st.
Free bus. Lony dlst. phone. Fred Barsoa. Prop.
tNG'S RANCH— Six miles from Caxad«roT
Elevation 1200 feet; amons the redwoods.
Hunting, flshiwr. Terras, U0 a week; family
rates. Address WM. K1XO. Caxadero.
GRAND CENTRAL HOTEL, GnernevUle,
Cal New management; thoroughly re-
fitted and inmroved. Headquarters for hunter*
and flshersl^Add. F. PLATH. Guernevllle, CaL
CISSON TAVERN, near Mt. Shasta. Parw
v ticulars "Information Bureau.". 20 Mont-
gomery st.. or MRS. L. M. SISSON. Sisson. CaL
BGRGHEIM — Two miles from Los Gatoa.
Ideal place: home cooking; $3 per week.
•^ P. DISQUE. Los Qatos. CaL
- STAGE LDHS A2TC> LIVERIES.
LA HONDA and PESCADERO— Through the
redwoods to the ocean. Hayward's, Wurr**.
Bellvale, Pigeon Pt. and Santa Crux. Bux R. .
R. tickets to Redwood City, 9 a. m. train? 3d
and Townxend sts.: 0:20 a. m. from San Jose.
Add. WALTER KNIGHT. Redwood City. CaL
FAfil F STARIFS Uklah - Tourists, camp-
EAULC JlADLLO er», hunters. Write to
H. A. Eldred for rates for any kind of turnout.
PESCADERO— San Mateo and Pescadero
stage line, via Halfmoon Bay and San
Gregorio. daily all year; twice a day to Ha!f-
moon Bay. Lva. San Mateo 10 a.m.A 4:15 p. m.
FASHION STABLES. UKIAH AND WIL-
llts — Tourists. camDers. hunters, write J.
H. Smith. Uklah.. Smith ft Taylor. Wllllts. for
any kind of turnout.
H OMU^BT ST \G;ES— Short route to tho
¦ ¦ Geysers: 3 hours* staging. First-class livery
stable In connection. C. E. Humbert. Cloverdale.
ILROY Fashion Livery; good service: reas.
rates. Of c. GUroy Spr. stage. H. MayocH.
LOS GATOS — Lyndon Stables, opposite depot.
Flrst-clasa rigs. Reasonable prices.
SANTA CRUZ— San Lorenso Stables. Styl-
; Ish • rlrs. Reasonable prices.
UMTTED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
• . OF THE — —
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
——OF THE
PHCENIX
ASSURANCE COMPANY, Limited,
OIF LONDON. ENGLAND. ON THE 31ST
? day of December. A. D. 19CL and for tie
year enCing on that day. as made to the In-
surance Commissioner of the State of Callfor-
r.ia. pursuant to the provisions of secUow 610
and 611 of the Political Code, condensed al per
blank furnished by the Commission"^
ASSETS.
Cash market value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Corrmanv **> 52« nro ?*
Cash, in Company's Office... _ 7! £
Ca«sb in Banks 21 r^ 5a
Int»rm due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 25 K53 ?•-.
Cash in hands of V. S. Trustees.' 45L9§2 "I
Premiums In due Course of Col- *** i ' !W '* 7*
l«iCtion 1 rjj -»» q,
Hw. from other Companies for re'- Xt>Ol ' w *"
insurance on losses already paid. 12.675 M
ToUl Aaets *... $2,897,059 21
LIABILITIES ~~
Lo«ei adjusted and unpaid?. $110 7C9 00
LoB»e« In process of Adjustment or "•"»* w
In Suspense 3O n e _ M
Jx>se*s resisted. Including expenses. lS'233 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run- '
nlng one year or less $2 012 -
S14 83; reinsurance 50 per cent. 1,006,407 48
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run- >wo '* u ' *°
nlr.g more than one year $l,C03 - -'¦ ' •*¦ " \
600 S7; reinsurance pro rata ' R5o»>ita«)
aii other nannies ...... .:.:.; ; ; fjjj^ %*
Total LlablUtles $2.400.009 73
INCOME. '
Net cash actually received for Fire
- premiums $*» on< ia- ct
Heceired for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans, and
Irom all other eourcei .....'.... 7^ jjs 70
ToUl Income $2.877.371 Bl
EXPENDITURES. :
N«-t amount paid for Fire Lcsses
riccludlns $454,025 00. losses of ---
previous , years) $1,636 289 62
Poid or allowed for Commission '
or Brokerage jeno r» - T
raid lor Salaries. Fees and other >WI ll
charges for officers, clerks, etc. 142 •>*! Kit
Paid for State. National and Lo- '
cal taxes 74 -3- ««
All other payments and expendl-
«"•« - 527.904 41
Total Expenditures $2,890,653 95
\ —
Lwf *% lncorrtd during the rear. .$1,050,323 40
Itit.kt and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $*40.SSS,755 ti, 188,900 06
Net amount of Risks
expired, during the
year .:. 402,781,784 3,537,096 05
Net amount In force
December SI. 1901. 340.091.09S 3.616,415 30
A. D. IRVING, Manager.
. Subscribed and sworn to before me this
2Sth day of January. l»02. '
GEO. O. RUGER, Notary Public.
BUTLER & HEWITT,
AGENTS,
413 California Street,
inn Francisco, CaL
I CORpNADO TENT CITY
«• 1, Coronado Beach; Cal;
I BATH WG, FISHING, BOATING, :
§ GOLF, TEA GARDENS, VAUDEVILLE,
§ PING-PONG, DANCING^ BOWLING
S -and all other amusements, with one of.the finest bands In the West and several flna
>5 . orchestras. Economical, ., comfortable and amusing. • ¦..¦¦•¦- . , .
£ ¦-¦'¦ Round trip tickets from San Francisco, including ground and Water rent,
S now on sale at: : . ¦ ': - -' - '
8 • AtchlsoivTopeka & Santa' Fe Ry. Co., 641 Market St .$24.50 'j
££ Southern Pacific Ry. Co., 613 Market St. .;. ...'... ..$24.50 ¦
H Pacific Coast, S.S.Co.,^4 New Montgomery St.. ...';'.. .;'........:.;. $23.00 ,'
rt Persons bringing their\own tents and holding Coronado excursion tickets
o "over the Santo Fei Southern Pacific or. Pacific Coast- Steamship Co. are not
S charged for ground and water rent, as the excursion tickets include alt this,
S . as well as the street car and ferry trip to and from the train, and transfer of
•jv~ ; 150 pounds of baggage. ,'',', -,, '¦! • ;
j<3 Persons who bring- their own, tents, but not holding Coronado excursion
g tickets, will have to pay $1.50 per month ground rent, which includes free
8 use of wateri- : : '• .•¦'.", W, , ¦ -••: _¦ '¦ '-,;.', ¦ : • ; : • '.
W- \ Persons bringing their own tents can rent furnishings at the following
S prices per week: -.,".-. j'V- '-. ':¦ ' ..." ..-. ":¦''' ! ¦" '¦ ,'\
,8 • ," Double bedstead -with spring and cotton' mattress, $1 25;. cot, single,- 25c; spring
»¦ cot, double, 50c; mattress. .single, 25c; mattress, double. 50c; pillows, 25c; blaurvkets
W . 25c;- comforters,- 25c: table/ 25c;- campstool. /10c; ; chairs, 25c; - rocking chalrs,V 30c;
M gasoline Etoves, 50c: oil stoves, 25c; washstands, complete, 35c; cooking utensils for
W three persons, .75c; lamp, with oil,, 23c. ' : ; V,. .-: . , " -. . *
g Prices per month- double- the ,weekly rates. 1 ' • ¦ j "... . I
O .'-'Furnished tent; for one, person, $12 per month. For two persons, ; $20, ' and each
g additional • person $5 per month. '. Furnished tent comprises beds, bedding, tables
¦ «;' wash. stands, -rocking,' folding and camp chairs, ¦ clean linen, to.wels,- water, dally care
¦« of tent and laundry of tent linen. P J.. Tents electric lighted. Perfect sewerage,
o For pamphlets and full particulars call on v ¦- ¦ •: -. ¦ • ¦
I' PECK'S TOURIST EUFtEAU, li; Mcntgomsry St., San Francisco, Ca!.
|".;.NAPA.J»R^|
I SODA SPRINGS g Cal |
FOR HEALTH AND PLEASURE GO TO
NJipa Soda Springs. Situated 1000 feet
above the Beautiful Napa Valley. Hot and
Cold Soda Baths. Shetland Ponies and Burros
lor Children. Two trains daily, 7:30 a. ra. and
4 p. m. Address .
DOLLMANN & JACOBS. Napa Soda Sprtngs 1
° BARTLETT SPRINGS. |
Here is' an opportunity to gain Health and
Strength;- also, have a pleasant vacation.
niTrc Hotel $10 to $15 per w»ek. Hon»e-
KA1C3. keeping Cottages $3 to 1 15 per week.
Send for illustrated booklet. Two routes:
Via C. & N. W. Railway and S. P. Co.
AMUSEMENTS.
GEORGE WATSON, manager of amuse-
ments; Hahn's Orchestra; dancing ever?
week day evening; Tennis, Bowling, Cro-
quet, Billiards, Shuffle-Board, Ping Pong.
Livery, Burros; Swimming Tank. 20x80;
Hot Water. Vapor, Tub, Mineral and Ro-
man Baths; competent Massagists; Guides,
Dogs and Horses for Hunting and Fishing;
Shady Drives and Walks.
BARTLETT SPRINGS CO..
P. O., Bartlett Springs, S
I ©r No. 2 Sutter Street. San Francisco.
C« . . . . - O
AETNA SPRINGS, Napa Qo.
A beautiful mountain drive from St. Helena.
¦ Leave San Francisco ferry at 7:30 a. m.
and you are In Aetna for lunch.
NEW MANAGEMENT. NEW.
AMUSEMENT. Table unsurpassed.
Write for pictorial booklet.
EDWARD L. SANFORD, Manager.
CAMP CUkRY!
Give* special rate to nobody, but glve» value
received to all, as Is shown by Its 1400 guests
the past three seasons, more than one-half of
which were in 1901; 1000 guests are expected
in 1902. Office 11 Montgomery st.; open May 1.
YOSEMITE.
LYTTON SPRINGS.
Always open. Finest mineral baths & plunge.
No staging. Every comfort and amusement.
Tiburon ferry, 7:30 a. m., 3:30 p. m. Informa-
tion of DR HENSLEE. 807 Sutter st. Phone
Sutter 2371, 11 Montgomery St., or 1 A. V.
MORSE. Lytton, Sonoma County, Cal.'
f\ . || I Napa County. ' The most
Vt UDlOnO charming spot in Callfor-
Uli Mlillilln nla. Ideal for a summer
Wll iiviuiih vacation. Drives over
picturesque and sprinkled roads. Good hotels.
Summer resorts ¦ adjacent. Special round . trip
tickets, good from Saturday until Monday,
$2.50. Take boat foot of Market street* 7:30
a. m. and 4 p. m.
HO! FOR BLUE LAKES!
Boating, Bathing, Fishing and Hunting; new
tennis court, mineral . springs. Our famous
White Sulphur Springs are known to all. Send
for new pamphlet. O. WEISMAN, Mldlake
P. O., Lake County, or call at office of C. N.
W.-R. R. Co., 650 Market Bt.
HOWELL ML, WOODWORK'S
Residence of 27 years; second year of sum-
mer resort. Purest of spring water. Home
fruit, vegetables, milk, etc. No fog. Terms $7
per week. Address WOODWORTH & MUL-
•LER, St. Helena. Cal. ¦ - ¦ .
Ti ATirrt v/1 an ti n ti In the heart of the *****
. nearenoughtotheocean .
for a dailr (alt water swim. Redwoods and «ea breeze*
— a wonderful combination. Souvenir booklet free.
Peck's Information Bureau, II Montgomery Street,
S. F., or B. Dickinson, Lessee, Ben Lomond, CaL
OWN A HOME IN TI B F E u A L u -CAIWP MEEKER
Free from fog and wind. Lots $10 up. Cot-
tages built $50 up. Boating, bathing, tenting
ground. Board and lodging," $7 up. Sawmill,
depot, store, postoffice. Sausalito ferry, $3
round trip. Address M. C. MEEKER, Camp
Meeker, Sonoma Countyr * • .
AGUA CALIENTE,
Also known as , California Hot Springs. So-
noma Valley. No staging; via C. N. Ry. or S.
P. R. R. Immense swimming surface. Splendid
table' Come Sundays and try It. Round trip
$1 10. Telephone; many improvements; $12
and $14. THEO. RICHARDS, Proprietor,
Agtia Caliente, Cal. ,
All f> #* \f H0T SPRINGS — Water,
¦ •¦I iiSS V climate, scenery unsur-
l*)ll ill] I Passed. Camclne privl-.
UlL'cU I leces now. Trains from
Third and Townasnd sts.,
i> a. m., 2:45 p. m. Literature on application.
R. ROBERTSON, Gilroy Springs, Cal. -
CLIMB MOUNT SHASTA
From Sisson. Address H. McGuinness, Prop.
EL MONTE HOTEL. Sisson, Cal. . Expe-
tlenced guides at hotek . •
HOfflN SPRINGS.'
These Mineral Springs are pleasantly located
on the hillside immediately adjoining the well-
known Bartlett Springs, Lake Co., Cal. Hotel
Pleasant View is again run by , the owner,
MRS. HOPPIN. . ' . )- ¦ ¦
"THE QROVE."
Lake Tahoe, half mile east of Tallac. Rates,
$2 per day. $9 per week; meals, 60c; good sad-
dle horses and the best of livery: boats free to
all guests. J. E. PARMETER, proprietor,
Tallac P. P.. Cal.
SARATOGA SPRINGS
Better than ever this year. - Booklet and full
information at Peck's, 11 Montgomery «t., . or
R. ,R. office. 650 Market, or John Martens,
Bachelor P. P.. Lake Co.. Cal.
MOUNTAIN HOME. . •
At foot of Loma Prleta, highest point In Santa
Cruz Mountains. Grand scenery. Fishing, hunt-
ing and swimming. Table and climate, unsur-
passed. Stage at Madrone Monday, Wed. and
Sat. Train leaves S. F. 9 a. m. daily. Send for
eouvenlr. VIC PONCELET. Llagaa, Cal.. Prop.
HOTEL EL MONTE,
LOS OATOS. -
Under new management: ' Now ¦ open for
business. Rates, $8 to $15 per week. .
SUMMER RESORT,
Among the Pine Hills; altitude 2024 feet; $7
per week; first-class -accommodation. Before
going elswhere, write to CHAS. GROTTIAN,
Applegate, ¦ Placer County, Cal. . .. - - ' .
FOREST HOTEL,
alma:
Santa Cruz Mountains. Good trout fishing.
Rebuilt and reopened. B. BOHME. ; . Prop. - -
HOTEL LA HONDA. . -^ ' I
SITUATED IN THE . REDWOODS. :. GOOD
- trout fishing. Season now open. Long dis-
tance phone. MRS. I. J. SEARS, La Honda,
Kan Mateo County, . Cal. ' •
JOUDCOMORTHOME^di^o 11^
altitude.* 1 No fog; climate delightful. Large. or-
chard, vegcta be garden.Hot, cold baths. Spring
water; swimming tank. Rates $7 wk. up. Stage
meets train. Schuler & Scheben,- Napa, ; Cal.
' / ADVERTISEMENTS.
£§£& CARTERS
Positively cured by these
Little Pills.
They also relieve Distress from Dyspepsia,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. Aper-
fect remedy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi-
ness, Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Tongue
Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the* Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small PHI. Small Dose.
Small Price. '
3 visit DR. JORDAN'S greats
OF ANATOMY^
\ iOf The Largest Ac&tomical Museum in the \
A World. Wrjltnestei er Any contracted B
V {UKv - * f ' ».« enroll by the oldest V
O f fctjKl 5=P e a»liit en the Coast. E»L 36 years. O
A ftW*h DR- JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN A
\ f €5*5 f« Connultasion free and stiictly private. \
¦ I jSVa M Treatment personally or by l-tter. A A
\ I W Tin ****&— C^*r«in every case undertaken. \
ABS 1» Write for Book. rmtOSOPB-V of A
"II I MAHHIAGK. MAILED FREC. (A?
jk A /I. valuable book for men) \
9 OH. JORDAN A CO.. 1051 Market St. 8. F\ V
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
OF THE-
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
— — OF THE
Alliance
ASSURANCE COMPANY
\
OF LONDON, ENGLAND, ON THE 31ST
day of December, A. D. 1901, and for the
year ending: on that day. as made to the In-
kEurance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of sections
610 and Cll of the Political Code, condensed
as per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL^
Capital $25,000,000
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up in
Cash { 2.760,000
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company. ...$173,'l70 87
Caen Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 698,312 60
Cash In Banks 54.2S5 35
Interest due and. accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 1,750 00
Premiums In due Course of Collection 49,084 91
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks 665 00
Rents due and accrued 475 00
Total Assets ."...$877,643 ftj
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $2,458 90
Losses in process of Adjustment or
in Suspense 2.4S3 71
Losses resisted, including expenses.. 427 94
Grcss premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less. $221,007 98;
reinsurance 50 per cent 110,803 99
Gross" premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning mor« than one year. $108.-
979 03; reinsurance pro rata 65,341 56
Commissions and Brokerage due and
to become due 6,349 C8
Total Liabilities ...$187,865 78
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums $257,653 04
Received for Interest and dividends ¦
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans and from
all other sources 22,044 17
Received for Rents 13,767 51
Total Income $293,464 71
EXPENDITURES.
Net' amount paid for Fire Losses
(including $4,452 27, losses of pre-
vlous years) $67,990 73
Paid or allowed for Commission or -
Brokerage 61,417 31
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc... 13,288 24
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes 3764 99
AH other payments and expenditures 20,463 77
Total Expenditures $167,125 04
Fire.
Losses Incurred during the year $68,073 87
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks .¦>,
written during the -U/ :
>•«»• $26,201,390 $337,954 19
l*et amount of Risks
expired during the .'.'»
*«"• 22,732,131 279,88196
Net amount in force
December 31. 1901.. 23.727.108 330.587 01
SAML. R. WEED (of Weed & Kennedy),
_ . ,. . • Manager.
Subscribed and eworn to before me, this 27th
day of January, 1902.
_ , , GEO. H. COREY.
Commissioner for California in New York. .
Pacific Coast Branch
416-418 California St.,
San Francisco, Cal.
C. F. MULLINS, . E. T. MEBLING.
Manager. Asst. Manager.
SYNOPSIS OF ANNUAL STATEMENT
OF THE- ,
Connecticut Fire
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF HARTFORD. IN THE STATE OF CON-
necticut, on the 31st day of December,
1901.
capital. "-:;- -i.
Amount cf caoital etock paid up
In full $1,000,000 00
ASSETS. . ¦ •. - =
Stocks and bonds owned. $2,297,840 00
Value of real estate owned.... 217,000 00
Loans on bonds and mortgages.. 1,193,750 00
Cash on hand and In bank 392,602 81
Premiums In course of collection
and transmission ; 217,418 71
-.-:„¦<.¦¦ .
Total admitted assets $4,318,61152
¦ LIABILITIES. . . ==
Grots claims for losses unpaid.. $ 270,043 62
Amount of unearned premium on
all outstanding risks 2.031,144 70
Total Liabilities $2,310,188 32
Total Insurance In force Decem-
ber 31, 1001 $328,391.270 00
INCOME. , :=
Premiums received during the
year In cash $2,377,156 67
Interest and dividends received .
during the year 156,485 66
Rents received during the year
net • 5,602 65
Total Income $2,639,124 98
; '."¦* ; . EXPENDITURES. . :=
Losses paid during the year $1,362,726 41
Dividends paid during the year -
on capital stock. 100,000 00
Commissions and salaries paid
during the year 673,949 18
Taxes paid during the year 72.878 46
Amount of all other expenditures- 172,195 90
, $2,381,749 95
PACIFIC .DEPARTMENT,-.
411 CALIFORNIA ST.
BENJAMIN J. SMITH, Manager.
COLIN M.BOYD, Agent for Saii Franc is30.General Merchandise.
200 Sterling, « 90 1 67%
200 Sterling, b 10 170
100. Sterling (cash) .. ............ l r «7%
..--" ¦:•¦ Street—
•200 Monte Cristo, b 60...-.'. .;:.. 135
Afternoon Session.-.
' - ¦ Board^— '
¦500 California-Standard ' is
'4500 Lion - 00
1000 Lion.b.30... ..., 07
• 60 Peenesa .....' 8 75
600 Petroleum Center .....; .¦;........ 12 :
; 100 Shamrock .... : 65
100 Sovereign.:..; '. .3;{
"300 Sterling ...%.'.-.. 1 65 ¦
300 fcteillng . k . ;...:..... 1 67%
Mornln- Session.
50 Occidental of "West Virginia.. '.'... • IS*
100 Sovereign . v ..........:...., 34
1300 Sterling, b 00 1 77%
100 Sterling, b 30 175
r 200 Sterling .... 1 72%
500 Sterling (cash) 1 70
. BOO Sterling, b 90 . . . '. x 75
100 Sterling i. .............. .1 70 l :
PRODUCERS'. OIL EXCHANGE.
Beans and Seeds.
Quotations remain unchanged and trade is
dull:;'- -., -¦ >. ¦' ¦ ' .' ... - '." ..;.. .
BEANS— Bayos, $3@3 10; small White. $2 40
@2 60; large White. $2 20@2 SO; Pea, $3 25@
8 50; Pink. $2.05<B>2 20: Red," $2 60; Blackeye.
$1 00@6; Lima*. -i»3 e5@3 75;' Red Kidneys.
$3 60e?3 75 per ctl. - . ' ¦ •. i
SEEDS— Trieste Mustard. $2 60@2 6S; "~ellow
Mustard. $3 25©3 60; Flax. 1 $2 25@2 60; Cana
ry, 3%c for-Easteftii Alfalfa from Utah, 10%®
ll%c: California, 10@10%c;J Rape, 1%®2%o;
Hemp 3%c per lb. < ••¦
DRlfeD PE Ae^-Nlles,^$l 75®2 ; Green, ' $1 46®
1 65: Blackeye, $1 70@2. .-.y - >T *
PotQtoes; Onions and Vegetables.
j Choice offerings of new Potatoes sold read
ily, at full figures,' 'but the « market generally
had ¦ an easier tone under, heavy, receipts. ¦ Old
continued dull arid, plentiful..
¦ Mew Onions meet' with' a; steady' local'de-
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, May 28. — The cotton market
opened quiet and firm, with prices 1 to 3
points higher, and closed quiet and steady
with pricee net 4 to 15 poinU higher. .,'
Eastern Livestock Market.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, May 28.— CATTLE — Receipts,
5800;' mostly 10c to 15c lower. Good to prime
steers, $7€J>7 70; poor to medium, $4 00®6 76;
etockers and feeders, (2 50JJ5 25; cows, $1 60
@6 75; heifers, $2 50(5-0; canners, $1 6002 50;
bulls, $2 50(85 50; calves, $C@0 25; Texas fed
BteerB, $5 2506 50.
¦ HOGS — Receipts to-day. 30.000; to-morrow,
25,000; Uft over. 4000. Strong to 5c higher.
Condition of the Treasury.
New York Money Market.
NEW. YORK, May. 28.— Money on call, steady
' WASHINGTON. May 2S.— To-day's state
ment of the Treasury balance in the general
fund, exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve
in tho division of redemption, shows: Avail
able casli balance. 1191,082,667; gold, . 895,
032,223. ______
HIDES AND SKINS — Culls and brands sell
about l%c under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, lie; medium, 10c; light, 9c; Cow Hides,
0%c for heavy and 9d for light; Stags, 7e;
Salted. Kip, Oc; Salted Veal, 0%c; Salted Calf,
10c; Dry Hides, 16@16V»c; Culls," 14@i5c; Dry
Kip, 11® 13c; Dry Calf. 10@18e ; Culls and
Brands, 15@l6c: Sheepskins, shearlings, 20©
SOc each; short Wool, 40@C0c each; medium,
05®75c; lonK Wool, 80c(B$l 20 each; Horse
Hides, salt. *3 for. large, and $2 50 for me
dium, $1 OOQia for small and 50c for Colts;
Horse Hides, dry, $1 75 for large, $1 50 for
medium. $1®1 26 for small and 6O0 for Colts.
Buck^ Sklnii— Dry Mexican, 32%c; dry., salted
Mexican, 25c; dry Central American, 32 fcc.
Goat Skins-JPrime Ansroraa.v75c; large and
smooth, 60C; medium, 36c. -
TALLOW — No/ 1 rendered,- 5% @6c per lb;
No. 2, 4%@5c; grease, 2%@3%c.
••'. WOOL— Spring, Humboldt- and . Mendoclno,
15017c; Northern free, 1 14®16c: do, defective,
13014c; Middle County free. 13@15c; do, de
fective, 12@13c: Southern, 12 months, 9@10c;
do, 7 months, 9(&llc; Foothill, ll@13c; Neva
da, 12015c: Valley .' Oregon fine, 15016c; do,
medium and coarse/ 14016c per lb. ,
HOPS — 12c for fair and 13® 14c per lb for
good to choice.. . ¦ :>""'.¦ " ' "
Hides, Tallow, Wool and^ Hops.
Quotations for all descriptions remain un
changed. Feodstuffs are steady, while Hay'is
weak. For new volunteer Wild Oat $7 50 was
bid and .refused. '¦'¦• -
ERAN— $18 60@19 50 per ton. .
MIDDLINGS— $21023 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $21@22 per
ton: Oilcake Meal at "the Mill, $25®2«; Job
bing... $i!B 50027: Cocoanut Cake, $20^1; Corn
Meal.- $:)1@32; Cracked Corn, $31 50@32 50"
Mixed Feed. $1(1?M7: Cottonseed Meal, $20 50
HAY— Extra fine Wheat, $12; fair to choice
do $9 50@ll 50; .Wheat and. Oat, $0@ll 60;
Oat. $8«gilO 50; Alfalfa, $7@llt Clover, $7@9-
Volunteer. $6 C0«8 50; Stock, $0@8 per ton.
STRAW— 40®65c per bale. .
Hay and . Feedstuff s
The English markets were a shade lower
with Glasgow closing at 53s Od and Mlddles
boro at 49a 4%d. ¦•'••' -• • "
The New York Iron market was steady, quiet
and unchanged, with warrants nominal. No 1
foundry, northern. $19 50© 20 50; No. 2 foun
dry, northern, $10 C0@20 50; No. 1 foundry
southern, $18 50019 50; No. 1 foundry, south
ern soft. $1« 50019 50. , ¦¦¦.-.
Copper was dull and easy here, with standard
spot to August at ll%c; lake, 12%@i2%c
electrolytic, 12%@12%c, and casting, 12%@
¦ The London copper market closed 17s 6d
lower on Rpct, and futures at £53 13s Od.
Lead was steady here at 4%c, London easine
off 2s 6d to £11 7s 6d.
Ppelter was nominal at $4 75 at New York
and at London unchanged at £18 7s (id.
NEW YORK, May 28.— Advices from London
reported that the market for. tin. was 5s higher
for the forward positions?, with spot closing at
£135 10s and' futures at £132 10s. The local
market was dull and weak, with spot closing
at 29K630%c.
NrtV York Metal Market.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 13c per lb for
heavy, 13%c for light medium. 14%c for light.
15%c for extra light and 16@17c for sugar
cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 14i4c; Cali
fornia Hams, 13% ©14c; Mess Beef, $10 per
bbl; extra Mess, $10 50@ll; Family,' $11 50®
12; prime Mess Pork, ' $15@15 50; extra clear
$23; Mess, $18 50@19; Dry Salt Pork, 12%c;
Pig Pork, $25; Vigs* Feet, $4 75; Smoked. Beef,
13Vi@14c per lb. ' ;••¦¦
LARD— Tierces Quoted at. 8%Q:8%o per lb
for compound and l"J%c for pure; half-barrels
pure 1204c: 10-lb,tins. 13%c; 5-lb tins,. 13% c;
3-lb tins, 13%c. . .
COTTOLKNE— One half-barrel, 10%c; three
half-barrels, 10%c; one tierce, 10%c; two
tierces, 10%c; five tierces, 10%c per lb. ,
The Chicago market continues unsettled
This market is dull at previous quotations, i
Provisions.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as . fol
lows, usual .discount -to the trade; Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs: Rye Flour, $3; Ry e Meal
$2 75; Rice Flour. $7: Corn Meal. $3 25; extra
cream do. $4; Oat Groats, $5 25; Hominy $lfp
4 25; Buckwheat Flour. i?i 505J14 75; Cracksd
Wheat. $3 50; Farina. $4 50; Whole Wheat
Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels). *7 3'»@9; in
sacks, $(! 85@8 50: Pearl Barley, .$6 50; Split
Peas. $5 50; Green Peas. $0 50 per 100 lba.
' FLOUR— California Family Extras. $3 50®
3 75. usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 40@3 50;
bretcon, $2 75$3 25 - per barrel for family and
$3®:*. 50 for Eakers*; Washington Bakers' $3f?
S 60. .. • / •¦ ¦ '
Flour and Millstuffs.
LIVERPOOL..
Wheat — C'jrv, "ri May. Julv. Sent.
Opening 6 00 0 % r, 2
Closing 5 11% e 00 ti iv
PARIS.
Wheat — - May. Sept.
OcftrJnff 21 C5 20 .",0
CloPlnt; 2170 L»0 35
Floury- .
Opening 20 55 20 25
Cicslng 26 60 "u :;0
Foreign Futures.
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was weak;, creameries. lS®22c; dairies
JS&lOc: cheese, weak, 10@12c; eggrs, steady'
fresh 15@15%c. • ,
Articles— Receipts. Shipments
Flour, barrels 3. r >,000 1 5 000
Wheat, bushels 27.000 15o'i)OO
Corn, bushels lftt.000 87 000
Oats, bushels 374,000 158'000
Rye, bushels 5,000
Earley, bushels 31,000 17066
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
steady: No. 3 wheat. 74c; No. 2 red, SOWffi'
81%c:No. 2 oats, 43@43%c; No. 2 white, 44%c-
No. S white, 44@44%c; No. 2 rye, 59@59U C :
fair to choice malting barley, C9@72c; No. I
flaxseed. $1 50; No. 1 Northwestern, $1 77
prime timothy seed. $6 30@6 35: mess pork, per
bbl. *17 05@17 10: lard, per 100 lbs. $1O-15«
10 17%; short ribs sides (loose), $9 00®9 70
dry salted shoulders (boxed), 8@8>ic- short
clear sides (boxed), $10 10(510 20; whisky, basis
or wines, $1 30: clover, contract grade.
$8 35.
FRUITS— Apricots, 9@10c for Royals and 1Q
@ 13c for standard to fancy Moorparks; Evapo
rated 1 Apples, 10®ll%c; sun. dried, 6@7c:
Peaches, 6%6S%c; Pears, 6@9c; Plums, pitted,
5@0%c; unpltted, 1%@2%c; Nectralnes, 5%©0c
for red and 6%@6c for white; figs, 3%@4%c
for black and 5%@Gc for white. •¦ .
( PRUNES — 1901 crop are quoted as follows:
30-40s, 0%@6%c; 40-50s, 5@5%e; 50-COs. 4^®
4%c: 60-70tt, 4@4Wc; '70-SOs, 3%@3%c; 80-90s,
3@-'ty t c: 90-lOOs, 2y a @2-)ic per lb. -
-RAISINS — Seeded. 3-crown, 8c; 2-crown,
7%c; Loose Muscatels,. 6%c for'4-crown and
5%c for seedless; :<-crown, 6c; 2-crown, 5%c;
Seedless Sultanas, 5%c for unbleached and 7@
8%c for bleached. Clusters— Imperials, $3;
Dehesa, $2 50; Fancy, $1 50; London Layers,
$1 25@1 35. .. ¦ ' ...
NUTS — Walnuts, No. 1 softshell, ll@ll%c-
No. 2, 6@7c; No. 1 hardshell, 10@10%c; No. 2.
7c; Almonds, 10%@12c for papershell, 0@10c
for softshell and C@7c for hardshell: Peanuts
6@7ejor Eastern; Brazil Nuts, 12®12%o;-Fil
berts, 12ffll2%c; Pecans, Il@l3c; Cocoanuts,
to 50@5. V ¦ " ¦* ."¦¦•¦- • • ¦¦¦• .
HONEY— Comb, ll@12c for bright and 8@llo
for light amber; water white extracted, 5@
BUc- light amber extracted, 4@4»Ac; dark, 4c
BEESWAX— 27%@29c per lb.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
« UNITED STATES BONDS. >
Bid.Ask. ; Bid.Ask.
4s qr coup..llO%lllVi 4s qr cp(new)13«V4137 : i4
4s qr reg 110%lllVi 3s qr coup. .107 54 108^
- MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5s. 91% — Oceanic S 5s. — . 99^i
Bay CPC 5s.l0S%109 Omnibus 6s.. — 130
C C G&E 5s. 105^106 Pac O Im 4s. — 100 •
Cal-st 5s. . . .119 - Pk&CHtls- 110%
, C ftosta 5s.. — 111U Pk & O R 6a — 125
Ed L & P 6s — . — Pwl-st R'6s. — —
I.Fer&C H Cs. — 123 Sac EGR 5s.l01%102&
Geary-st 6s.. — 100 SF & SJV5s.l21% —
H C&S 5V6S.102 t- Sierra Cal 6sll2 116%
Do 6s '. — 97% S P of A 6s
L Ang K 5s.ll8%119Vi (1909) ....113%114
LALCoOs.103 105 (1910) 11434115} s
Do gtd 6a. — — S P of C 63
Do etd 5s. — — (1005)Sr A.106iil07%
L, A & P 5s. 103% — - (101Q)Sr B. — —
Do lem Cs.103 — (190ti) — 110%
Vtkt-st C 6s. — 129 (1912) ....120% —
Do lem 5S.120H — S P of C 1st -
N R of C Cs.111%112% c entd Cs. — —
- Do 5s 121% — Do etmpd.109% —
N Pac C 5s. — 110 |PP Br Cal 6s.l39Vil39%
NCR 5a... 114% — S V Wat 6s. — — i
Oak Gas 5s.lll 113% Do 4s 2dm. 102 102%
Oak Trn 6s.. 124% — Do 4s Mm. 102 ¦<—
Do 1st c5s.113%115 Stkn G&E 6slO2 104
Oak W G 0s. — —
WATER STOCKS. .
Contra Costa 75 • 70% (Port Cpsta.. 63% 68
llarln Co 59 — "Spring Val.. 90 91
GAS AND ELECTRIC. •»
Cent L & P. 2% — • IPac L Co... — B0
Eqt G L Co. 3% " 3% Sac B G&R. 39 —
Mutual — 4% S P O & E. 44% 45 U
O G L & H. 62 — . S P G L Co. 5% 5%
• Pac G Imp.. 39 — Stktn G & E 8
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fnd:260, — J
Am B & T..110 " — First Natlonl — 'j~ZJ£'i
Anglo-Cal .. — 90Vi L P & A....168 170
Bank of Ca!.42« 430 Mer Ex (llq) 23 —
Cal Safe Dp.121% — • S F Natlonl.140 T^-'j
SAVINGS BANKS. . - V. <
German ...1990 — iSav&.Loan. j- .90,
JIumboldt .. — — Hecisrlty Sav.340 390
Mutual Sav.. 75 85 Union Trst.1830 — .
8 F Sav U..525 — I ',; •
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..170, — IMarket ...... 09%101
Geary ; .— — . '.Presidio .,39% —
! POWDER.
Giant........ 70% 71. Vlgorlt 3% • 4%
• SUGAR.
pana ,.., 3% 4% Kllauea ..... — 9VI
Hawaiian .. — 37% Makawell .. — 25%
Honokaa ... 11% 12 Onomea .... 24 . —
putchlnson .13 13% Paauhau .... 12% 12%
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska. Pack.158%160 I Pac A F A. 2% — -
Cal Fruit As. — 102% Pac C Borx.165 —
Cal Wine A*.10O%101 Par Paint .. 20 . —
Oceanic S Co 25 30% • . . .
Mornlnz Session. :
Board—
' 10 Giant Powder Con. 7100
$2000 Oakland Water 5s .....10* 00 .
¦ . • Street— .:'! ' '
' r 30 S F,Oah St Electric Co. 44 12Ji
" • '* . Afternoon - Session. -
15 Alaska Packers' Assn.". 159 50
. 10 Giant Powder. Con. .'71 0O
40 Giant Powder Con 7112%
• 20 Giant Powder Con, a 90 71 00
• 10 Giant Powder Con 70 73
' 25 Paauhau S P Co 12 50
. 100 Pacific Gas Imp. '39 00
260 S F Gas & Electric Co... .45 00
jftression of the traders as to the volume of con
tracts existing with them or on the other side.
-^Bt*» decline of the preceding days found the
%-tlere generally committed in a small way
tff the short side, and they attempted to cover
their ehort contracts before the rival traders
could do so. The fact that the rise of some
thing over a point Ja Reading was accom
panied by rumors that developments were Im
pending, encouraging a hope of the settlement
of the coal strike, was of very light weight,
and many Wall street officers had dispatches
from the rr.:ni:.gr region reporting the prospects
unchanged without affecting the small work
that was In progress. The buying of St. Paul
was Just as little accepted as indicating any
Importance in the progress of the crops, al
though the weather map was favorable and
the sharp reaction In the grain markets offered
some corroboration. Until definite news is
known of the damage to the coming corn crop,
a large crop- will be taken for granted. There
was some demand for ¦ the soft coal carriers
on the ground that the shortage of anthracite :
coal enhance? the demand for soft coal as a
eubstitute. There is the doubtful element also
of the possible success of the effort making to
get the bituminous coal miners to Join the an
thracite coal strikers. The 3*4 point rise in
Hocking Valley has as additional grounds the
report of a proposed increase in the dividend
rate. ' The speculative Realizing on Canadian
Fac.flc continued to-day and removed the stim
ulating eCect of the recent rise in tHat stock
from the market. The feeling of disappoint
ment ever the lack of definite peace announce-'
ment by the British Cabinet had a slight re
flection at the opening here. A eharp break
In the London market for ravr copper helped
to keep back Amalgmated Copper. The ap
proach of a half-week holiday emphasized the
disposition to refrain from speculation. A good
part of the advances were lost on room prolit
taking end the market closed heavy.
The market for bonds was dull and steady.
Total Bales. $1,O1O.CGO.
United States bonds were all unchanged on
the last calL
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stock — * ¦'- " Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atchison .- 7..W0 K0% 7S% 79%
Atchison pfd SOO «8% . J»8 »fe*»
Baltimore & Ohio.. 900 106 105% 105%
Bait 6c Ohio pfd 05
OaradJan Pacific... 40.300 138 % 136% 130%
Canada Southern. 84
Chesapeake & Ohio. *00 . 46% 46 % 40%
Chicago & Alton... l,(«0 38 37% 37%
Chi & Alton pfd .- 76
Chi Ind & Loulsvlle 6,400 7<i% 74% J 75
«f r hi Ind & Loui« pf 43,700 87 SB 87
I 'hi & Eastern III 163
' Chi & Gt Western. '1,500 29% 28% 26%
Chi & Gt XV A pfd. 100 88 83 88%
Chl&GtWBpM 47%
Chi 7* Northwestrn 24S%
Chi R I & Pac 700 17314 172 172%
ChJ Term & Trans. JOn 21% 2l% - 21>»
Cfcl Terra & Tr pfd 000 39 38% 38%
CCC&St Louis. ? 105
Colorado Southern.. 100 . 31 31 31
Colo South Irt pfd 70%
Colo South 2d pfd. 200 42 41% 42
Delaware & Hudson 2.000 175% 174 ' 172%
Del Urk & West .... 2G8
Den & Rio Grande.- 100 41 % 41% -4Hi
T»enver & R G pfd 90
rne ii.ioo 27>i sn% S7»ii
Erie 1st Pfd 1,200 CR fi7% *i">i
Krte 2d pfd 000 152 01% 62"
Orcat Northern pfd 100 JM 184 184
Hocking Valley ... 12,100 SO 82 83%
Hocking Val pfd.. 1,500 02% 91 02
Illinois Central ... 1,200 15.1 1E2& 16214
Iowa Central 200 4fi% 46 . 46%
Iowa Central pfd.. 100 Si 84 M
Lake Erie & West 64
L E & TWst pfd... ...... 125
Louis & Nashville. 200 130 JS58>4 JS8 .
JianhaUan Klevat.. 1.C00 122% 132 132
Met Etrc«t Ry MX) 14S 148 147%
Mexican Central... 3,400 27 2C»4 20%
National Uy of Mex 400 16% 18% 18%
-•'Inn & St Lou'.*... 100 111 Hi 110%
Missouri Pacific... B,(XW> 1OO»4 {Kt% {><.)*
•la Kan A Texas.. 200 2T»«4 -25% 25%
Mo Kan it Tex pfd 12.200 E6H 55% B5%
->>w Jersey Central .... ..,. 182
New York Central. R00 157% 150% lfid',4
JJorfolk & Wcsfffrn e00 67% 50% CT
n rf & Weft pfd .... .M
r^ario & Western 1,300 33 32% 32%
rninKylvania ... > 3.000 149% 140 149
r-t-cfiing ./...; 2*,B00 «3W 61% «2%
Heading 1st prd... 1.100 81% 82% «3H
IU*dlng 2d pfd..,. 000 6S% 68ii , CS%
NEW YORK. May 26. — To-day's stock mar
ket offered small subject for comment. It was
a strictly rocra-trading class of business,
•which is known in Stock Exchange parlance as
"'trading Jack knives." The profits made on
the loss sustained were confined to the limit*
of the board-room. Outside orders were in
elgnificant. The news of the day, which wa6
elight. had only a nominal influence and the
real incentive to the dealings was the im-
New York Stock Market.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
WEDNESDAY. May 2S— 2 p. m.
Informal Session — 0:15 o'clock — December—
4000 ctlfi. $1 12%; 58,000. $1 12V4.
Second Session — December — SOCO ctls, $1 12%..
Regular Morning Session — December — 20,000
ctls, $1 12; 0000, $1 12%.
Afternoon Session — December — 2000 ctls
$1 12%.
BARLEY— Large deliveries of May Barley on
call board contracts weakened spot Feed, and
$1 was about the top quotation "yesterday,
though a miller paid $1 (II U for a fine bright
lot. Futures were several fractions off.
Feed, $1 for; No. 1 and 97%®0S%c for oft
prades; brewing and shipping grades,' $1 02%
@1 03%; Chevalier, nominal. . . '
CALL BOARD SALES. \y
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — December —
4000 ctls, 84%c. . .,.-.¦
Second Session— December — 100Q ctls, 84c:
2000, Kl'^c. • . -
¦ Regular Morning Session — No" sales.
Afternoon fieislon — No sales %
OATS — Local dealers report a firm market
with a good demand and light offerings. Prices
remain unchanged.
Grays. $1 37%ffll 45; whites. $1 35@1 50;
milling, $1 50@l 55; black, $1 20@l 35; red
$1 32%(51 45 per ctl. . — .
CORN — Chicago declined under large coun
try acceptances of about a million of bushels
This market continues dull and prices for
large yellow are somewhat lower.. Small round
yellow remains unchanged, and white Is scarce
and firm. ¦
Large Yellow. ?1 43©1 50; small round do
$1 50©l 55; White. $1 C0@l 62%.
RYE— f>0(R95c per ctl. '
.BUCKWHEAT— $2@2. 25 per ctl asked.
CALL BOARD SALES
Sterling Exchange. 00 days — $4 85 V4
Sterling Cables.-sight . — 4 88
Sterling Cables ¦ — 4 SO
New Tork Exchange, Fight — * 15
New York Exchange, telegraphic ' — 17%
Silver, per ounce — r>l%
Mexican Dollars, nominal 43Vb
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT — The forelgp-Jharkets Were weaTt
and tending downward.^ Press" dispatcher said
that the British' Government 1 ' had 'decided to
retain the tax on grain. _•-' . .
. Chicago, was heavy and unsettled, declining
from 74%c to.72?ic and recovering to " 73c.
There was considerable bear pressure and bull
news had no effect. Tho Government report
gave the condition of winter wheat as good,
except in a few localities. Export business was
slow, and some long wheat was thrown on the
market. Stocks at Minneapolis were expected
to decrease 000,000 bushels for the week. The
Kansas State report save a crop condition of
S7.fi, against '74 In April, with one-third of the
acreage abandoned. . St. Louis and Chicago
were both selling.
Ir. this market chipping grades were un
changed, but futures were about lc lower.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 13?i@l 15; milling,
$1 1614(3:1 17% per ctl. . („
Exchange and Bullion.
The pressure continues to fall over the Pa
cific slope. A. trough of low pressure extends
irem the Valley of the Colorado to Alberta.
The temperature has' fallen slowly over the
larger portion of the coa^t. For the first timo
this year a maximum temperature exceeding
100 degrees is reported at any station en the
Pacific slope. This occured at Yuma, where
a maximum of 102 deproes is reported. In the
great valleys of California the temperature*
are nearly normal.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight May 2»:
Northern California — Fair Thursday, wanner
in the interior; light southerly winds, changing
to northerly: fresh westerly winds on the coast.
Southern California — Fair Thursday, warmer;
light northerly winds.
Nevada — Fair, warmer Thursday.
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Thursday;
freeti tcesterlF winds.
- V ALEXANDER G.. McADIE,
. " . '"' Forecast OfflgJaX"''
FORECAST.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
CITRUS FRUITS — Navel , Oranges. $2@3 75
according to size and quality; Seedlings, $1 50
«?2 25; Mediterranean 'Sweets, $1 25<§2 50; St.
Michaels, $1 50® 2; Valenclaa, $2 50@3 50;
Malta Blood Oranges, $1 50@2; Tangerines, in
quarter boxes, 50c@$l and $1 25@1 50 in half
boxes; Lemons. 75c@$l for common and $t 25®
1 75 for good to choice and $2fi-2 75 for fancy;
Grape Fruit. 75c@$2; Mexican Limes." $4@4 CO;
Bananas, $2 25@3 per bunch for New Orleans
and $2@2 50 for Hawaiian; Pineapples, $3@4
per dozen. "
. CHERRIES — White, -35@G0c per box; in bulk
2%@4c; Black, 4C@75c per box and 4@7c.iii
bulk. -
APPLES— $2«j2 50 per box.
GOOSEBERRIES— 20@25c per drawer and
2c In bulk; English, per drawer and
in bulk. ' ' , : '
CURRANTS— 50@85c per drawer, according
to size of drawer. -; ¦. ¦:
APRICOTS— From Yuma, $2 25@2 50 per
crate. ¦ " ¦¦ -.
At the Orange auction 3 cars were sold as
follows: Choice Navels, $2iJ?2 05; fancy Val
enclas, $3 55: Mediterranean Sweets, $2 50 for
fancy, $1 75@2 25 for choice and 75c@$l 50
for standard. In the open market conditions
were - unchanged and fancy. ,- stock continued
scarce.. • . ¦ ' ¦ -. ¦ - . . '- . . •- ,-• ¦- --. - ¦ . . .
'*• STRAWBERRIES— 94 50<g7 perrtfhestf "for
Longworths -and $3@4 50 for -Malindas;* crates
from Florin, 65c(g$l. . • ¦¦¦?:: '.
RASPBERRIES — per drawer; crates
from Ixiomls, $1 50. 1 ' * '
BLACKBERRIES — In' crates from Loomis,
$1 25@$1 50. ; ... .-.
The four boxes of Arizona Fiss that were
received on the preceding day sold at* $4 'per
box. Choice Apricotp from the same place con
tinue to bring good prices.
•Cherries were suddenly weak under heavy
recelnts. ; > .
A great many of the Berries from Watson
villc are coming in soft and otherwise in poor
condition and have to be sold cheap., £ong
worths sold readily within the quoted range.
Raspberries, Blackberries and * Currants sell
promptly at the appearing prices. A few lots
of Loganberries were received and sold at 12%fg>
15c per basket. Offerings of Gooseberries are
not of strictly fancy quality and sell slowly.
Prlngle Aprlcota appeared from Marysville
and sold at $1 75©2 per . box, 10 boxes being
received. Five boxes of Cherry Plums came in
from Vacaville and were offering at $1 per
drawer, but were not sold, owing to the green
ness of the stock.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
: tThe following quotations for the United Rail
roads of San Francisco were received yester
day from ' New York by Bolton. De Ruyter &
Co.: Common stock. $24 73025; preferred.
$<i g ; 7 r >C7 ••,.">. sales at $64 25; 4 per cent bends,
$91 2E@92; subscriptions, $1OJ 37%@104.
The Pacific Lighting Company has declared a
regular monthly dividend of 35 cents per share,
payable June. 5.'-— '-*¦ \'~ ; , ~" . •*=—"• -'. . *• ; -»
"The "Best and Belcher' Mining Company has
levied, an assessment of 15 cents per: share.
, The Geary Street. Park and Ocean Railroad
Company has declared a dividend of -50 cents
per share, payable June 2. ¦
The Robertson Raft Company has levied an
assessment of $10 per share, delinquent Juno
28.
The following oil dividends are announced-:
Peerless. 5c, payable June 1; Thirty-three, 10c,
on tho 6th; Imperial. 20c. on the, 6th.
The Oil Exchange and both mining stock ex
changes will remain closed on Friday and Sat
urtlay.
In the afternoon Giant Powder sold at $70 73
(5 "1 12i? and Alaska Packers at $159 50. Gas
and Electric advanced to $45. Sterling was still
weaker, selling at $1 05. . ' .
' The oil stocks were equally dull, except Ster
ling, which was active at still lower prices,
Eoine thousands of shares selling at $1 67%@
1 77%. ¦
Local stocks and bonds were extremely dull
in tho morning and there were no fluctuations
worthy of note. Giant Powder sold at $71.
The manager of the company says that th«
reduction in . the dividends from 75c to 50c
means an Increase in the surplus for improve
ments.
LONDON. May 28.— Consols, 90%; .silver,
23 13-lCd; French Rentes, lOJf 22%c; cargoes
on passage, nothing "doing; cargoes No. 1
standard California, 30s 10%d; cargoes Walla
Walla. 30s 3d: English country markets,' slow.
LIVERPOOL, May 28. — Wheat, quiet; No. 1
standard California, (is 5d!g6s-(3d; wheat In
Paris, dull; flour In, Paris, dull; French coun
try markets, dull; weather in England, fine
and warm. i . •
COTTON— Uplands, 5 3-32d.
Foreign Markets.
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No.' 2— .
May.... 74 V 74^ 73 73%
July 73% 73% 72«i 72%
September . 72% 72% 71% 71 ¦*
December ..... 73% " 73% 72V4 7 <) b'
Corn No. 2— ?*
May 6.1->i C3% 02U 62V.
July 64% 04% J12% «3
September G0% C0% ¦ 09% 00»i
Oats No. 2—
May 44 44 4.H4 4-1
July (old) 35% 85% 35' 35%
July (new) 37% 37% 35% 37 V.
Sept. (new) 29 U 20% 28% 28 s .i
Sept. (old) 30# 30% 30>/j 304fc
Mess Pork, per bbl— - . *
July :....17 12% 17 12% 17 07% 17 07y a
September .....17 25 17 27% 17 17% 17 20 1
Lard, per 100 lbs —
July .....10 17^10 20 10 l. r > 10 17%
September .....10 22% 10 25 10 17% 10 20
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
July » 65 0 67% 0 C2% - 9 62%
September 9 07% 0 70 9 05 9 (55
-* . .^
CHICAGO.May 28.— Weakness ruled in corn
from the opening 1 . The~ sharp advance here
yesterday influenced cash houses to j Increase
their bids in the field. Before noon advices
indicated 1,000,000 bushels sold to Chicago. In
the pit the cash houses that bought this stuff
at once sold and It forced prices down beyond
the low bulge of yesterday. Cables were un
responsive, crop reuorts were good and good
weather was reported In the corn belt. Early
in the sesElon the big bull houses unloaded
with some profits after the successful manipu
lation of yesterday. Alter prices plunged
downward there was some cash" business, but
it did not serve to steady the market. The
wheat weakness showed no signs of abatement
and July, which yesterday was worth t>4%c
and which opened to-day at 64c to 03%c, closed
weak, l>4<ai%c lower, at C2 T i<g«3c.
Wheat showed some early weakness on the
early foreign weakness, which was based on
the favorable Government report received heri.
The Southwest was bearish on crop pros
r>ect« and sold freely. There .were few
short accounts . cpen and consequently as
prices declined there was little to ar
iest the weakness. There was a heavy sell
ing trade, although a few commlfsion houses
bought. The weather was good everywhere for
crops. The cold weather scare was found to
amount to nothing go far, and although th>?
coolness was not a help to a fqreing erowth,
yet It had done no damage. As corn turned
very weak,' wheat was depressed still further
and the weakness it develODed saemed to be
so thoroughly saddled upon the market that,
even late reports of sixty-five loads sold at the
seaboard for exDOrt and four 'loads worked
here direct failed more than to steady the
Flump a trifle over the bottom figures. July
opened jie to -Tic up at 73%c to 73-7ic; slumpcl
to 72%©729ic and closed weak, l&c to 1 ,VjC- :
down at 72%@72%c.
• • Tker« was little of Interest in oats. July
closed '/4c down at KTKjC.
Provisions were ' dull, after " showing fair
strength early in the day. The hog situation
was firm and early buying was fair. The
erain weakness, however, caused liquidation
and a loss of the early gains. Packers cUd not
support the market- late in the day. July pork
closed unchanged, lard a shade lower and
ribs unchanged.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
WASHINGTON.
I TORTLAND, May 28.— Wheat— Walla Walla,
66@6C%c; Bluestem. 67c; Valley.. 67»4c.
TACOMA, May 28.— Wheat— Quiet. Blwe-
Btem, 60%c; club, C5^c. ' - y
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
Chicago Grain Market.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR WEDNESDAY, MAY 23.
Flour, qr ska.., 7,0OOiBran, sks j 030
Wheat,, ctls 570 1 Middlings; sks. . 525
Barley, ctls ... 0,8W Pelts, bdls .... 155
Oats, ctls 350 Hides No 861
Corn, ctls 460 Leather, rolls . . 51
Beans, sks Ill Wine, gaJs 149,250
Potatoes, sks . . 1.85S Lime, bbls 364
Onions, sks .... 890; Tallow, ctls ... 160
Wool, bales ... 21Ci Quicksilver, flsk 40
SEATTLE Wash.. May 28.— Clearings, $416,
3C8: balances, $80,7C3. -
TACOMA, AVnsh.. May 28. — Clearings, $212,
440; balances, $45,864:
SPOKANE, AVash., May 28.— Clearings,
$303,012; balances, $74,420.
PORTLAND Or.. M*y 28.— Clearings. $400,
315; balances, $72,053.
Northern Business.
THE COAST RECORD.
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature
B9; minimum, 52; mean, 56.
The advance in Butter has already had the
anticipated effect of stopping packing, espe-'
daily in the country. From a speculative
standpoint the danger point has been reached
and dealers as a rule have written their ship
pers, both dairy and creamery, not to send in
any more cubes. The cost of storing; exclusive
of the cost of package, is about 2%c, which at,
say 21c, would bring: the -Butter out upon the
market in the. fall at 23%c. Packed Butter re
tail* to the public during the fall and winter
at 25c, so it will be seen that at present quota
tions the dealer who stores. is running a :risk
which few care to assume. If packing stops
now receipts will pVobably accumulate, in
which case a lower market would result.
There is no change in Cheese and Eggs. The
former is still weak and plentiful, while the
latter are firm, with* fine ranch in compara
tively light supply. There are plenty of me
dium and lower grade Eggs on the market.
Receipts were 65,100 pounds. 3 bbls and 423
cubes of Butter, 1318 cases Of Eggs, 42,550
pounds of California Cheese and pounds
of Oreg-on Cheese.
BUTTER — Creamery, 21@21%c per pound for
fancy, 20@20%c for firsts and 19%@20c for sec
onds: dairy, 10@20c; store Butter, 14@16c per
pound.
CHEESE— New. 8%@9%c; old, 9@llc; Young
America, 8@10c; Eastern, 13@15c per pound.
EGGS— Ranch, 19i@2Cc for fancy and 16@18c
for fair to good; store, 15@16%c per dozen. .
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
LONDON, May 28.— The offerings at the
wool auction sales to-day numbered 12,745
bale*, including a superior selection of scoureds
and . greasles. A fair supply of medium, was
bought by th» home trade, Germany and France.
Some suitable crossbreds were taken by Amer
ica. ¦ '•; ' ; ¦-, • •'.'.¦¦• '¦' '¦¦¦ ,
London Wool Sales.
1 . Weather Report.
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, May 2S— 5 p. m.
The following are the maximum tempera
tures reported from stations in California to
day :
£"reka OCiLos Angeles 30
r. resn <? 84 Sacramento 72
Mt - Jamalpais 54: San Luis Oblspo 03
Red Bluff 78 San Diego 6i
Independence ... £*,{
NEW YORK, May 23.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser' b London financial cablegram nays:
The stock market activity was reduced by
reason of the ¦ settlement. The undertone was
good, although toward the end of the session
prices were eaeier on Impatienbe over a delay
of a definite announcement of peace. The rush
apparently was too fast. Consols closed at
bH% aftet having touched 96 13-10. Americans
were very quiet. Erie was good early,, being
bought Jor American account on the April
statement. . Other Coalers hardened in the
afternoon on rumors that the strike had been
settled. Canadian Pacific dropped a point on
contradiction by 'the Morga"na that they have
any Interest In the road.
Copper was % down, to £53%; Rio Tintos
% flown, to 45%. : . -,v.f.. .
London Market..
Cons for money.. 96% 1 Mis. Kan & T... 26%
Cons for acct 00% M, K & T pfd... 60
Anaconda 5%!N Y Central 160%
Atchison .... 83% 'Norfolk & West.. 5S%
Atchison pfd 101 (Norfolk & W pfd. 92
Bait & Ohio 108% (Ontario & AVcst.. 33%
Candian Pacific ..141% Southern Ry 37%
Chesa & Ohio 48 .Sou Ry pfd U7%
Chi Great West.. iS)',5 Sou Pacific C6%
Chi M & St P.. .174% Union Pacific ....107%
Denver & K G... 43 Union Pac pfd... ao
D & R G Pfd 93 US Steel 41
Erie ...38% U 8 Steel pfd »2%
Erie 1st pfd.. 09% Wabash 27%
Erie 2d pffl ."- 53 Wabath pfd 45%
Illinois Central... 15<5% Spanish Fours ... 78U
Louisville & N...142 I
Bar silver, steady, 23 13-16d per ounce.
Money, 2%@3 per cent.
' The rate of discount in the open market for
short bills is 2% 62% per cent. "
The rate of -discount in the open market for
three months' bills is-2%©2% per cent. '
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
Money— U S Steel pfd 00
Call loans 3%@4 Westinghse Com. 106%
Time loans 4 @5 Mining—
Bonds — Adventure 23%
Atchison 4s 102% Allouez 3
Mexican Cent 4s.. 81 Amalgamated ... C8%
N E Gas & Coke.. 54% Daly West 44
Railroads — |Bingham 30%
Atchison 79% Cal & Hecla 500
Atchison pfd 98% Centennial 19%
Boston & Albany. 262 Copper Range ..58%
Boston & Maine.. 200 Dom Coal 13S%
Boston Elev 1G5 Franklin 11
N Y. N H & H..235 Isle Royale 12
Fltchburg pfd ... 145 Mohawk 43
Union Pacific 104 %| Old Dominion .. 20
Mexican Central.. 26 U Osceola fiO
Miscellaneous — ' jParrot 29
Amer Sugar 12S?&iQuincy ...130
Amer-Sugar pfd.. 118 Fanta Fe' Copper. 1%
Amer T & T 17i» • Tamarack 174
Dom Iron & Steel. 03 Trinity 13%
Gen Electric 31% United Statea ... 20%
Maes Electric ... 44 v^. Utah 22
Mass Elec pfd D«% Victoria 4V.
N E Gas & Coke. 4 . Wlnona 2;i
United Fruit 10714 Wolverine 55
U S Steel 40 United Copper .. SS%
BOSTON STOCKS AND BOND8,
Adams Con ...... 20 [Little Chief 12
Alice 4.'i.OnUrio S 00
Breece . .. CO .Ophir 1 30
Brunswick Con... lOlPhoenlx 00
Oomstock Tunnel. 05V. I Potosi 35
Con Cal & Va 1 30 1 Savage 13
Deadwood Terra . . 1 00 Sierra Neada 20
Horn Silver 1 30 : Small Hopes 40
Iron Silver 70 Standard 3 30
Leadvllle Con ... 05!
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS
St L & San Fran.. 400 67% 67% 67%
St L & S F 1st pfd .... 83
St L & S F 2d pfd 71%
St Louis SW 20*"
St Louis SW pfd.. 600 K>*4 5S% 59(1
U Paul 17.900 171" 1C9% 170
St Paul pfd 200 18»% 1SS% 1S9
Southern Pacific... 3,400 04% 64% 64%
Southern Railway.. 1,000 37 30% 'M%
Southern Ry pfd.. . 300 94% 04% 04%
T*^,^ Pacific... 100 40% 40% 40%
Tol St L & W 100 21 21 20ft
Tol St L & W pfd. 100 37% 37% 37%
Lr>«on Pacifio 14,200 10-1*4, 104X6 104%
Union Pacific pfd. 500 £7% 87% 87%
Wabash 2,500 I>7 2HU. 26%
Wabath pfd 2,300 44% 43% 43%
\Vheel & Lake Erie ... '.. 21 V.
W & L Erie2d pfd. 100 .15 35 35
Wisconsin Central.. 4,000 2S% 28% 28
WT» Central pfd.. 4,300 50% 50 50
Kxpress Companies —
Adams 203
American 225
United States 115
Wells Fargo 200
Miscellaneous — ¦
Amal Copper 13,300 60% 6S% CS%
Amer Car & Foun.. 11.400 32% 31% 31 M>
Amer C & F pfd.. 1,300 91% 91 " fll "
Amer Linseed Oil ' 25
Amer Lin Oil pfd .... . 51
Amor S & Ref 2,900 4S% 48% 4K%
AlW S & R pfd.. 400 07% 97% 96%
Anaconda Min Co. 300 116% 116 HG'A
Brooklyn R Tran. 2,200 r.7% 67 67%
Col, Fiftl & Iron.. 2,700 100% 100% 100
Consolidated Gas .. 1,100 223 222% 222
Con Tobacco pfd.. 4,200 123 121 122%
Electric 315'
Hocking Coal 100 IS" 18 17%
Ii-.ternatlonal Paper 20%
Inter Paper pfd 74
International Power 45
Lacltdc Gas 87*
I National Biscuit .. 300 47% 47% 47%
I Notional Lead 1,500 23% 23 22%
Ntrth American .. COO 123 122 122
Pacific C<-ast 160
Pacific Mail 100 41 41 41
People's Gas 1.000, 102% 101% 101%
Prt;scd Steel Car. 15.500 50% 47 49
Pressed Steel C pfd 2.700 87% 86% 8>%
Pullman Pal Car 234
I Republic Steel 300 17% 17% 17%
Republic Steel pfd. ;00 74% 74% 74%
Sugar 5,500 129% 128% 12-Ts
Tcnn Coal & Iron.. 400 04 «.:% 6'.%
Union B & P Co.. 100 15% 15V. 15%
Union B & P C pfd. .....' .... 81
U S Leather ¦'..'¦ 700 13% 13% 13%
V S Leather pfd... 700 84% 84 84 :
V S Rubber . 100 14% 14% H'4
V S Rubber pfd... 100 57 C7 CG%
U S Steel S.800 40% :i9% 40
U S Steel pfd...... 10,900 00% 83% 90%
TVc-sU-m Union ... 1C0 90% 1)0% 90%
Am»r Loco ....... 2,500 33% '•: 32% 32 ti
Amer Loco pfd.... COO !H»i 9i% 03%
K C Southern..... C, COO 34 33% :tti4
K C Southern prd. 800 Cl% Cl% 61
• Total shares E0M.60", COO . )
CLOSING BONDS.
U S refunding 2s I Hocking Val 4%s.llC%
regittered 108% L & Na?h unl 4s.ia3%
do coup , ..'10-SvilMex Cent 4s S2%.
do 3s reg 107;. ; 4 l. do 1st Inc. .12
do coup, 107-%jMinn &.St Ii4s..lO5%
•do new*.4s reg..*^tiijiM Kan &Tei 4s. 101- "
do coup 130%! do 2ds '. 83 !
flo old 4s reg...H0%|N Y Cent lsts 104%
do coup ... 110%j do pen 3%s 103
do 5s reg ..105%rN J Cent »en 5s..l3.S%
-do coup 105%j North Pac 4s 104%
Atchisbn gen 4s..io:ji;i do 3s 83»/4
do adj 4b 03%|Norf & W con 4s. 102
Bait & Ohio 4s... 102% Reading gen 4s.. 100'
do 3%s 06% 1st L & I M c 5a.. 11G
do conv 4s 107 jSt L & S F 4s. .. . 98
Can South 2ds 109 St L SW lets 08%
Cent of Ga 5s 109 do 2ds 84
do 1st inc S5% S A & Ar Pass 4s. »0
Ches & Ohio 4%s.lOS% South Pac 4s 95%
Chi & Alton 3'As. 8tTu South Ry 5b 122%
C B & Q new 4s.. 90 Tex & Pac lsts. . .121%
C M & St P g 4s. 115 Tol St L & W 4s. S2U
Chi & Xff con 7s. 138 Union Pac 4s IOC
C R I & Pac 4s.. 111% do conv 4s 107ii
C CC& StLg4s.l01. Wabash lsts 11!)%
Chi Term 4s 89 do 2ds 112
Colo & South 4s.. 05% do deb B 75'^
Een & R G 4s 1(«% West Shore 4s 115 "
Erie prio lien 4s.. 100% Wheel &¦ L E 4s.. 94
do gen 4s. 88 Wisconsin Cent 4s 04
Ft W & I> C lsts. 116 Icon Tob 4s <SG%
• HOGS— Live Hogs, 200 lbs and under, 6* s e;
200 lbs and over. 6@6%c; feeders, C@6%c;
sows 20 per cent off, boars 60 per Mat eft
and stags 40 per cent off from the at>ove quo
tations. . / .
LAMBS— Suckling Lambs. $2 50®2 75 per
head or 4%@5c per lb live weight; yearling*.
4ig4V4c per lb.
The following quotatit>.s are for Rood sound
livestock delivered at San Francisco, less .00
per cent shrinkage for cattle: " • " C
CATTLE— Steers. S^IBac; Cows and Heifers.
7@7%c; thin Cows. 4@5c per lb. •-.-
CALVES— 5®5%c per lb (gross weight)/. • '
SHEEP— Wethers, 4@4%c; Ewes, 3@3%c per
IB (gross weight). - -. ., > ¦ - -- , ¦
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to deal
ers are as follows:
BEEF— 6%@7%c for Steers and 6®6%c per
lb for Cows.
VEAL— Large, 7®8c; small. ,8@9c per lb.
MUTTON^Wethers, 7%08^c; Ewea.. 7%0
LAMB-lSpring Lambs. 0@10c per lb. ' -
PORK— Dressed Hogs. 7%@9%c per lb/
LIVESTOCK. MARKET. •:,'
DRESSED MEATS.
.Conditions are as before stated. The mar
ket rather favors the buyer, but there.ls.no
positive weakness in anything.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Andes .» 02 03iLady Wash .. O*
Belcher 0« 07IMexlcan 50" ftl
Best & Belch. 18 20 ; Occidental /.. 21 22
Bullion 02 03 Ophir ...(...! 35 1 40
Caledonia .... 70 77 Overman .... 25 2»J
rhallenge It! ls| Potosi S7 38
Chollar IS 19. Savage 15 W
Confidence ... 61 «4 1 Scorpion — 04
Con Cal & V.I 40 1 45;Seg Belcher.. 02 04
Con Imp 01 02! Sierra Nev... 19 20
Con NY — 02 Silver Hill ... 42 4.1
Crown Point.. 0(5 07 St Louij .... 06 — »
Eureka Con.. 18 : — Syndicate ... — 07
Exchequer ... 01 02 Union Con ..27 28
Gould & Cur. 12 13 Utah 01 03
Hale & Norcrs 31. 32 Yel Jacket... 20 21
Julia — 04
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY, May 28 — t p. m.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Alpha 02 0.'E[ Justice 04 0.1
Alta 00 OSiKentuck .... 01 ft!
.The first car of Eastern Poultry to arrive
this week was placed on the market and sold
off well at good prices. Receipts of Californian
were moderate and good large stock continued
in demand at steady prices. Goslings, Squabs
and small Broilers were neglected and quoted
lower." -.
Receipts of game were 10 sks. Rabbits sold
off well at unchanged prices, but Hare arrived
in poor condition and were quoted lower.
POULTRY — Live l Turkeys. 13@14c for Gob
blers and 13:5140 for Hens;- Geese, per pair,
$1 25@1 50; Goslings, $1 25@1'75; Ducks, $3 50
@4 for old and $4 50@6 for young; Hens, $4@
5 50; young Roosters, $0 50@8;; old Roosters,
$4 25@4.50; Fryers, ?4@5; Broilers, $3@3 50 for
large and $1 75®2 25 for small; Pigeons, $1 50
@1 75 per dozen for old and $1 25@1 50 for
Squabs. ,
GAME— Hare, $1; Rabbits, $1 50 for Cotton
tails and $1 for Brush. .
Poultry and Game.
DRIED FRUITS.
The evaporated fruit market holds about the
same. Export grades are in light supply;
othf.r grades meeting with moderate jobbing:.in
quiry. Prices are unchanged. State, common
ta >£ood, 7@i') 1 /4c; prime. 994<$10c; choice. 10@>
10»',c; fancy, lie.
The market for prunes shows a firmer tone,
with export and jobbing movement reported
quiet and active. In sizes about 60s stocks are
small. Full outside prices, are generally asked.
Apricots and peaches show no especial feature,
ruling steady on moderate Jobbing inquiry.
PRUNES— 3%©tHie.
¦ APRICOTS— Boxes. 10%@14c; bags, 10&@
12c
PEACHES— Peeled, 14@16c; unpeeled, 8%@
10 'Ac
_ ' . /
Q XEW YORK. May 28,-^FLOUR— Receipts.
10.322; exports, 16,300 barrels. Quiet and lower
to sell. ¦ -. . ¦
WHEAT— Receipts. . 81,850 bushels; exports^
79,300 bushels. Spot, easier;' No. 2 red, nom
inal; elevator, ' No, 5 : 2. red new crop, 79%4*
|P'4 C f - °- b - afloat; No. i Northern Duluth.
&2XC, f. o. b. afloat: No. 1 hard Manitoba, 85& c
f. o. b. afloat. It was a bear day in wheat,
prices losing lc per bushel under stop loss sell
ing and an extension of short accounts. Dis
appointing cables started the break and fa
vorable crop news, together with the heaviness
in corn, kept it going all day. The close was
weak at l@l%c net loss. May. J9%@80%c,
closed 7» l &c; July, 79^,@S0c. c!osed<79Mic; Sep
tember, 70 13-16@77 15-16c closed 76%c; 'De
cember, 70 l-16@79%c. closed 78V&C r
HIDES AND HOPS— Firm. " \
WOOL — Dull. • . .
COFFEE— Spot Rio. quiet; No. 7 invoice,
6i£c. Mild, firm. Cordova. g@HUc Futures
market closed quiet and net unchanged to 5
points lower. Total rales. 5700 bags, includ
ing; June, 5.05c; September, 5.35c; November,
5.45c; December. 5.55c; March. 5.70c. • ¦ ¦¦ ¦
SUGAR — Firm. Fair refining. 2%c; centri
fugal. 9C test, 3 7-ltic; molasses sugar. 2%c.
Refined, steady.
NEW YORK. May 28.— Th<? Earl Fruit Com
pany realized the following prices for Cali
fornia chorries Fold . at auction to-day: Ad
vnnce, boxes.- $1 35®'l 55. average $1 51; Blac's
Tartarians, boxes. S2 -30SJ2 CO, average $2 32;
Chapman,, boxes. $1 05@2 10. average $1 90;
Purple Guigne. : 75c@$l 35, average SI 11; Rpck
port, $1 05; Governor Wood, . 75o. Express ship
ments — Black Tartarians, 91 85@3, average
?2 50; Rockport, average $1 75.
BOSTON, May 28. — The Earl Fruit Compa
ny's s-ales of- express shipments of California
cherries to-day at auction arc' as follows: Rock
port average ?3 45; Black Tartarians, $3 40.
NEAV YORK, May 28. — Porter Bros. Com
pany sold California fruit to-day. as follows:
Tartarians $1 10@3 60. average $2 02; Guignes,
$1 05@2, average $138; Chapmans, $1@1 40,
average $1 37; Governor Wood, $1 35; Advance,
$1 30@l 35, average $1 30; Rockport, 85c@l 40,
average. $1 32; black Oxheart, $1 05@l 10, av
erage $1 06. • . . .
CHICAGO. . May 28.— Porter Bros. Company
sold California fruit to-day as follows: Tarta
rians, $1@1 85, average $1 27; Bigereau, 40c@l>,
Guigneo, 70c@$l 15,"average $1; Rockports, $1;
weather cool and cloudy;! car sold.
;¦ CHICAGO, May .2?.— The . Earl Fruit Com
pany sold California cherries to-day at auction
at the following prices: Black Tartarlans, boxes,
&0c£}$2. average $1 44; Chapman, average $1 50;
Advance, boxes, ?1 05@l' 35, average $1 28;
Purple Guigne, boxes, $1@1 25,' average $1 10;
B. D. Orleans, boxes, average $1; Governor
Wood boxes 65e@$l 15, average 00c. • One car
sold to-day. AVeather favorable. - {
California Fruit Sales.
Local stocks and bonds continue dull.
Silver rather higher. Exchange unchanged.
Shipping Wheat unchanged. Futures lower. .
Barley weaker under heavy May deliveries.
Oats firm, Corn. weak and Rye very dull.^
No further change in Hay ana] Feed stuffs.
Butter, Eggs and Cheese unchanged.
Beans and Seeds quiet at previous prices.
Provisions continue slow. • \
Live and dressed Meats show no variation.
Potatoes and Onions in large supply and weak.
Slight changes in Poultry and Game.
New kinds of Fresh Fruit appearing in market.
Fine Oranges in light supply and firm.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS
at -Vi«?3 per cent, closing bid and asked 2%
«M per cent. Prime mercantile paper, 3%@
0 per cent. . Sterling exchange, firmer, with
actual business in bankers 1 bills at $4 80%@
t> . ? r deman d and at $4 84% for sixty days.
J, 08 '^ rates. $4 85^@4 SS. Commercial bills'.
$4 eJ-?4@4 84%. Bar. silver.' 51% c. Mexican
dol.ars 4194c. . Government ". bonds, steady;
fatate bonds. Inactive; railroad bonds, steady. -
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
Afternoon Session
800 Best & Belch. IS, 200 O..uir ... i 40
200 Caledonia 7S> 400 Opuir ....'.1 »'»;»
200 Caledonia .... 7(i! SOO Overman .... 2«
2C0 Con C & V.I 42 V,! 200 Potosi 37
200 Gould & Cur. 131 ."00 Potosi 38
:JOO Mexican 541 200 Sierra Nev... 21
200 Mexican '5:; I 4CO Union Con .. 2X
200 Occidental ... 24
Following were*the tales on the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
500 Best & Belch. 20 200 Occidental ... 21
200 Caledonia .... 7« £00 Ophir 1 42Vi
:XH) Con C & V.I 42 Vi 200 Sierra Nev... 2-1
200 Mexican 50 200 Yel Jacket... 21
1100 Belcher 00! 200 Occidental ... 2t
200 Best & Belch IS 200 Overman 211
100 Caledonia ... 77 200 Savage IS
700 Chollar . 1:) 200 Sierra Nev... 20
200 Crown Point. . 00 300 Sierra Nev... 21
600 Mexican 52 300 Union Con . . 27
100 Mexican 5a
Afternoon Session
Morning Session. , . ; . ,
300 Belcher 6t»| 100 Occidental ... 21
400 Best & Belch 20i 500 Occidental ... 22
100 Caledonia ... 77 100 Pot03l 3M
200 Con Cal & V.I 40 200 Potosl 37
300 Crown Point.. 071 500 Savage 15
100 Justice 04| 200 Sierra Nev... 2-'{
100 Mexican 5O|. 200 Union Con .. 29
Following were, the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Boards yesterday : ¦
MIXING STOCKS,
.VEGETABLES — Asparagus, extra fancy.
$2@2 25 per box, $1 60@l 75 for No. 1 and 75c
@$1 25 for No. 2; Rhubarb, 65@85c per box;
«xtra fancy, $1@1 25; Green Peas, 75c@$l per
sack; Garden Peas, $1 25@1 50 per sack; String
Beans, 3@5c per lb and 4@6c for Wax; Cab
bage, 90c@$l per ctl ; Los Angeles Tomatoes,
per crate; Mexican Tomatoes, $2@2 60 per
box; Dried Peppers, 10@llc per lb; Los An
geles d6,"13i8!17%c; Carrots, $1 .per sack; Cu
cumbers from , Marysville, $1 50@l 75 per box;
"¦om Arizona, ( $1 75 per box; Hothouse do,
40® 1 5c per dozen for small and 85c@$l for
large; Garlic, Z&SMc' for new; Los Angeles
Green Peppers, ; Mexican do, 15@20c; Egg
Plant, from Los Angeles, 10c; Summer Squash
from Los Angeles, $1@1 25; from Marysville,
$1@1 25; Marrowfat Squash, $15@20 per ton;
Hubbard Squash, $1C@2O. '
! ". String Beans from Vacaville and the river
were offering freely and prices had a sharp
decline.-. Choice offer«igs of Asparagus moved
off well at unchanged prices, but the No. 2
stock,, which. was plentiful, was f hard to selL
Receipts*; of Cucumbers are increasing and
prices are-steadily declining.
-. POTATOES— New i Potatoes. $1 25@1 75 in
sacks and $140@l 80 in boxes; old, 00c®$l for
Inirbanks v from the river; from Oregon and
Washington,- $1 25@1 50; River Reds, $1 30®
1.50; Oregon Bur banks." for seed, 90c@$l 10.
. ONIONS — Australian,-. $3 50@3 75 ; second
hands; new red, 40@50c per sack; Sllversklns',
40@50c per box.
mand, but the stock is too soft for shipping
and receipts are too large for the -local trado
to absorb. ¦ , - . ' ..-¦ ¦ .-¦¦ . .
ST. JOSEPH. Mo., May 23.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts, 760; steady. Native*", $5 S5@7 25; cows
and heifers. $1 75@6 50; veals, $3 75@650;
stockers and feeders, $2 25®5 35.
HOGS — Receipts, 4900; steady. Light and
light mixed, $0 80(9-7 121,2; medium and heavy,
$7 00@7.30; pigs, $4@«. ..'
SHEEP— Receipts, 1400: steady. Western
sheep, $5@0 35. y
BT. JOSEPH.
Mixed arid butchers',' $0 85@7 15; good to
choice heavy, $7 10@? 30; rough heavy, ?G S5@
7 05; 'light, '$6 «0@0 95; bulk, ?(S 90@7 20.
SHKBP — Receipts, 20,000. Sheen and lambs,
10c lower. Good to choice wethers. jr> 40@
6 25; fair to choice mixed, $4 6O@5 40: West
ern sheep. $5 25@0 25 ;• native. lambs, :$5@0 85;
Western / lambs, $5 50@C S5 ; ¦ .: spring lambs,
$7 40
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany ' quotes as follows, per pound, in 100-lb
bags: ¦ Cubes/ A, -Crushed and Fine Crushed,
4.50c; Powdered. 4.35c; Candy Granulated,
4.35c; Dry Granulated Fine, 4.25c; Dry Granu
lated Coarse, 4.25c: Fruit Granulated. 4.25c:
Beet Granulated • (100-lb '• bags only), none;
Confectioners' A. 4.25c; Magnolia A 3.85c;
Extra C, 3.75c: Golden C, 3. C5c; "D," 3.55c;
barrels. 10c more: half-barrels, 25c
boxes, 50c more; 50-lb bags. .10c more for all
kinds. Domlnos — Half-barrets. 4.75c; boxes.
5c per . lb. No order taken for less than 75
bcrrels or' its equivalent.-
COAL OIL— -Water White Coal Oil, in bulk,
13J4@14c; Pearl Oil. In cases. 20c;- Astral, 20c;
Star. 20c; Extra Star. 23c; Elaine, 25c; Eocene,
22c; deodorized stove' Gasoline, in bulk, 16c :'
in cases. 22%c; Benzine, in bulk. l-iVac; j^
cases, 21c; SU-degree Gasoline, in bulk. 20c; in!
cases, 2U%c.
TURPENTINE—^OcXper gallon In cases and
63c in drums and iron barrels. •
OIL — California • Castor Oil, in cases,
NcO . 1, 70c; pure. $120; Linseed Oil,
in barrel?, boiled, 75c; raw, 73c; cases, 5c more;
Lucol, 68cfor: boiled and 66c for v raw, in bar
rels; Lard Oil. '.extra. Printer etrained. barrels.
$1; cases, $1 05:" China Nut. S7%@6Sc'per gal
lon; pure Neatsfoot. in barrels,' 70c; cases, 75c;
Sperm, pure. 65c; Whale Oil. natural /white,
40f('50c per gallon: Fish Oil. barrels 42&c;
cases, 47^c; Cocoanut Oil. barrels," 63 %c for
Ceylon and ASftc for" Australian. '. ' ' •
end. $S PO: Co-operative Wallsend. $3 50; Cum
berland. ?12 In bulk and $13 25 in sacks; Penn
sylvania Anthracite Egg. ;' Welsh Anthra
cite, $14; Oannel, $11 per ton; -Coke, $ir» per
ton il> bulk and $17 In sacks; Rocky Moun
tain descriptions. $8 45 per 2000 lbs and $S SO
per ton, according to brand.'' . • *
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 29, 1902.
New York Grain and Produce.
STOCK MARKET.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EASTERN MARKETS.
COAL— Wellington. $0 per ton: Southfi>ld
Wellington, $0;, Seattle. $fi SO; Bryant. $6 50;
RoMyn; |7; Coos Bay. $5 «0; Greta,' |8; Walls*
BAGS— Grain Bags, June, and July. 5%©6c;
Ban Quentln, 8.55c; "Wool Bags, 32@35c; Fleece
Twine, 7%@Sc. :.'.-. , • • , ¦' - .... .V
11
CTATTOX&
O
§
K 2
E 3 E
a c
S 5
i — n k •
I
B
Astoria
Baker
Carson :
Eureka
Fresno
Flagstaff
Pocatello, Ida.
Independence
.23
.23.
.:io.
.20
20
1.96
1.74
'.72
I.OB
I.S2
1.72
(.68
>.64
SS 48
78 46
74 46
60 52
7« as
84 S2
88 t»
SW r Rain
HW Pt Cldy
\V / Clear
\V Pt Cldy
STW Oear
sw pt ciay
S Pt Cldy
t?E Clear
.30
• .00
.00
¦ .00
.00
.00
• .00
.00
l^os Angeles. .
Phoenix
Portland
Red Bluff
Roseburg .
Cacramcnto . .
- 21
.2*.
.2y
I.SS
t.«2 :
'.!• +
».8i
t.98
1.88
70 50
102 «tf
«2 52
78 54 :
70 52
72 f.0
W Clear
W Clear
W Cloudy
EE Clear
N Rain
6 Pt Cldy
.00
.00
T.
.00
T.
.00
Salt Lake
1.70
fv4 58 :
NVT Clear
.00
Ean Francisco.
<50 S2 '
W Clear
.00
.9K
.00
.i-;«.
San Ircp>....
t^attle :
.-pokane *.....:
.29.
.Lit.
.60
'.{W5
.82
«4 ZS . '
t5S 5S "
W Clear
S\V Rain
\V Cloudy
.00
T.
.00
.23.
E Cloudy
.82
.29.
29.
.86
70 56 "
82 42 5
W Cloudy
SW Clear
T.
.00
Tuma :
2:>.
.02 3
102 00 1
W* Clear
.00
CTATTOX&
O
§
K 2
E 3 E
a c
S 5
i — n k •
I
B
Astoria
Baker
Carson :
Eureka
Fresno
Flagstaff
Pocatello, Ida.
Independence
.23
.23.
.:io.
.20
20
1.96
1.74
'.72
I.OB
I.S2
1.72
(.68
>.64
SS 48
78 46
74 46
60 52
7« as
84 S2
88 t»
SW r Rain
HW Pt Cldy
\V / Clear
\V Pt Cldy
STW Oear
sw pt ciay
S Pt Cldy
t?E Clear
.30
• .00
.00
¦ .00
.00
.00
• .00
.00
l^os Angeles. .
Phoenix
Portland
Red Bluff
Roseburg .
Cacramcnto . .
- 21
.2*.
.2y
I.SS
t.«2 :
'.!• +
».8i
t.98
1.88
70 50
102 «tf
«2 52
78 54 :
70 52
72 f.0
W Clear
W Clear
W Cloudy
EE Clear
N Rain
6 Pt Cldy
.00
.00
T.
.00
T.
.00
Salt Lake
1.70
fv4 58 :
NVT Clear
.00
Ean Francisco.
<50 S2 '
W Clear
.00
.9K
.00
.i-;«.
San Ircp>....
t^attle :
.-pokane *.....:
.29.
.Lit.
.60
'.{W5
.82
«4 ZS . '
t5S 5S "
W Clear
S\V Rain
\V Cloudy
.00
T.
.00
.23.
E Cloudy
.82
.29.
29.
.86
70 56 "
82 42 5
W Cloudy
SW Clear
T.
.00
Tuma :
2:>.
.02 3
102 00 1
W* Clear
.00
OCEAH TBAVI^L. -
Pacific .Coast Steamship Co.
t/' Steamers leava Broadway
Kpgw^-.^ Wharf. San Francisco:
Kg^Kv For Ketchlkan. Juneau.
mSk'SPPXitf*. . Ekagway, etc., Alaska — 11 a.
FiCSs^^^' • «•• Ma^ 1J - 10 - 2l « 28 - 31 -
I &s2S*ywVaa June 5. Change to com-
i FMpy^irrWfli pany's steamers at Seattle.
Hu^yLl For Victoria. Vancouver.
** Port Townnend. Srattlfl. Ta-
coma, Everett. Whateotn—
II a. m.. May 11. 16. 21. 2«. 31. Juna 8. Chan»»
at Seattle to this Company's steamers for Alas-
ka and G N Ry.; at Seattle or Tacoma to «.
P. Ry.: at Vancouver to C. P. By. : -^ I
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— 1:80 p. nx.
May 12, 17. 22, 27, Jun« 1. , ' .
For ilos Angeles (via Port Lo» AbjsIm aad
Redopdo), Ban Diego and Santa Barbara-
Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
Btata of California. Thursdays. 9 a. rn. '
For Los Angeles (rla San Pedro and East
San Pedro) Santa Barbara. Santa Cruz, Mon-
terey, San 'Simeon. Cayttcos. San Luis Onlspo
(via Port Harford). Ventura. Huenemo and
•Newport ('Bonita only).
Coos Bay. » a. m.. May 14. 22. 30. Jon* 7.
Bonita. 0 a. m.. May 10. 13. 2«. Jun« 8.
For Ensenad*. Magdalena Bay. . San Joa« d«l
Cabo, MazaUan. Altata. La Pas. Santa Rosa-
lia. Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m.. 7th eacb
month. • '
For further Information obtain folder.
Right la reserved to change steamers or sail-
ing dates^
AFPICE— * New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
C. D. DUNANN, Gen. Pass. Agent.
GOOD ALL. PERKINS & CO., Gen. Agents.
10 Market at.. San Francisco.
Pacific Coast Steamship Ca
-FOR
LEAVE SEATTLE.
SENATOR » P. M., JITNSJ I
VALENCIA 9 P. M.. JUNE t
And fortnightly thereafter during the season.
Steamships CITT OF PDEBLA and QUEEN,
leaving San Francisco May 26 and May 31 re-
spectively, connect with above steamers. Ta»
new and elesant steamships Senator and Va-
lencia made regular trips to Nome last year.
landing all passengers and freight without los*.
mishap or delay. For jassenger rates and Norn*
folder. . apply TICKET QJTICE. * New
Montgomery street (Palace Hotel).
C D. DUNANN'. Gen. Pass. ' Agent. '."."
I GOODALU' PERKINS & CO.. Gem: Agent*.
10 Market St.. San Francisco. .--.'"
O.R.&N.CO.
ONLY STEAMSHIP LINE TO
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Line From Portland to All
Points Edst. Through Tickets to All
Points, all Rail or Steamship and Rail, ai
IiOTv-XIST Xf.A.'X'BS.
Steamer Tickets Include Berth and Meals.
SS. COLUMBIA Sails.. June 2. 12. 22. July 2
SS. GEO. W. KLDER SAILS.. Juno 7. -17, 27
Steamer sails from foot of Spear st.. 11 a. m.
D. W. HITCHCOCK. Gen. A*t-. 1 Mong*y. 8. F.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Htoeo), Nagasaki and Shanghai ana
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. . No cargo received on board on day
of sallinff. -• ;•> ,.-\ ¦'¦¦.*;'; :<t •."".»¦
SS. AMERICA MARU
77. Friday. June 0. 1903
ES. HONGKONO MARU
Saturday. June 28. ISO!
ES. NIPPON MARU.. Thursday. July 24. 1003
- Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
frelstht and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERY. General Agent.
ftamhurg-American.
TW1X-SCREW 'EXPRESS SERVICE.
PLYMOUTH— CHERBOURG— HAMBURG.
A, Victoria June 17|Columbla July 3
F. Bismarck. . .June 2G]F. Bismarck. . . .July 21
TWIN-SCREW PASSEXGER SERVICE
PLYMOUTH— CHERBOURG— HAMBURG.
Vic. Lulse June 10 (Patricia . . .'. . . .June 17
Moltke June 10|Bluecher June24-
Hamburg-American Line, 37 B'way, N. Y.
HERZOG & CO., General Agents for Pacific
Coast, 401 California St.. San Francisco.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And Cia Slid Americana ds Vapores
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican, Cantral
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3, pier 10, 12 m.
PALENA Juna 7 TUCAPEIi July 19 "
APvEQUIPA"...June 27 GUATEMALA .Au*. 8
These steamers are built expressly for, Cen-
tral and South American passenger servlc*.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger office. 316 California street.
, BALFOUR. GUTHRIS & CO.. Pen. Agents.
occanlessco, 'sassM?
VVVUM3»vtv»vvo DlHECItiaErolAHUL
SS. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu „
Saturday. May 31. 2 p. m.
ES. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti.....
Sunday. June 0, 10 a. m.
ES. SIERRA, for Honolulu. Samoa. -Auckland
. - and Sydney.... Thursday. June 12. 10 a. m.
I. P. SPBECKELS b BSOS.Ca, GeMKl Alls., 329 Marfct
Gen'i Pass, dee. 643 Kami si, Plgr u 7. Pacias si
COMPAGNIE GEHERALE TaAS3ATLAHTIQU3.
DIRECT LINK TO UAVF.E-PAKIiJ. m^^
Ealllns every Thursday. Instead of
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pisr 43. iTiHwrVgK
North River, foot of Morton streec.
' First class to Havre. $70 and upward. Second
clas* to Havre, S45 and upward. GENEP.AI* '
AGENCY TOR UNITED STATE3 and CAN-
ADA, 32 Broadway (Hudson building). N«*
Tork. J. F. FUGAZI A CO.. Padna Coast
AKcnts. 5 Montgomery avenue. San Fr&nclaco.
TlckeU sold by all Railroad Tlcfcft Agtata.
AMERICAN L1XE.
NEW YORK, SOUTHAMPTON, LONDON.
St. Paul.. June 4, 10 amiPhlladel.June 18. 10 am
St. Louls.June 11, 10am I St. Paul. June 25. 10 am
RE1> STAR LINK.
- NEW YORK. ANTWERP, PARIS.
Zeeland. ..Jun* 4, noon 1 Sou thwrk. June 13, noon
Frlesland.Juna 11. noon! Vaderlnd. June 21. noon
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
CHAS. D. TAYLOR.G.A.P.C..30 Montgom'y st.
BAY . AND .BIVEB STTiATffEBS.
FOR 0. S. NAVY YARD AND VALLEJO,.
Steamers GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO
0:42 a. m.. 3:15 and 8:30 p. m.. except Saa-
day. Sunday, U:45 a. m., 8:30 p. m. LsavM
Vallejo 7 a. m.. 12:30 noon. 0 p. m.. «xee3t'
Sunday. Sunday. 7 a. m.. 4:13 p. m. rax* M
cenla. Telephone Main 1S0S. Landing *a4
offica. pier 2. - Wisslon-itreat dock. HATCH
BROS. ¦ ' 'THE SAN FRANCISCO' GALL, THURSDAY, MAY 29, 1902;
12
A— RESTAURANT on Sixteenth St.. doing fine 3
business; owner must go north; a bargain
• •• • Delicacy and dairy; produce store in •
busiest cart of the city; large profits; fine J
opportunity. • • •¦•Branch bakery; north
of Market St.; rent $14; established 4 years. :
• • • Call on JOSEPH STRAUB, 850 Mar- ,
ket st. * s^ • . .
A PATRON" Invested $100 with us; his average
dividends were $5 15 a week; in less than
five m-jnths he had drawn as much in divi-
dends as his principal; why not do the same j
yourself? We guarantee you against loss;
dividends are paid every Monday; we have .
been doing business for years, and never a ]
loss; we accept accounts as low-as $10; divi-
dend for week ending May 24, $5 08; write ¦
or call for interesting literature. AMERI- •
CAN CO-OPERATIVE ASSOCIATION, suite .
C15. Emma Spreckels building. ]
FOR SALE — $400: cigar stand; billiard room:
oTvner leaving Stat«: must sell; clears $S0
ironth: full examination permitted. Box
4«5, Call office. ' i
$1000 — PARTNER in manufacturing business,
wholesale and retail: purpose, to enlarge fac-
tory; no agents. For particulars, box 505.
Call offiqe. _y
MECHANICS' boarding-house in manufactur-
ing district; full of boarders: cheap rent:
price $900. Eltel & Carroll. 1032 Market st.
ROUTE in Western Addition: building up di&-
trlct; reasonable. Box 1792. Call.
LODGING-HOUSES OR SALE.
BARGAINS and many choice Investments In
first-claes lodging and boarding houses at all
times; bona fide buyers are welcome to in-
spection; kindly call at office. ,
G W. SCHWEINHARD,
917 Market St., bet. 5th and 6th.
Phone Mint 1911.
7-ROOM modern fiat; downtown; well furnish-
cd; rent $35; price •*g fc __ w _ OTAKDi
917 Market St., bet. '5th and 6th.
8 ROOMS; $25 cash, balance monthly.... $200
20 rooms; clears $60 f*\
18 rooms; just listed ¦"' i=}{
12 rooms; snap • • • • *£"
30 rooms; clears $250; investigate.^... 3200
20 rooms; north Market; clears $100... 1300
100 rooms; clears $600 •••• £_*>
40 rooms: $1000 cash, balance monthly. 2200
A. H. RETSLOFF, phone John 531.
906 Market, cor. Ellis (upstairs, rooms 7-8).
A. CAMERON & CO..
850 Market st. and 8 Stockton St.,
Rooms 21, 22, 23. Phone Bush 328.
If you have hotels, rooming houses or busi-
ness to sell, list with us; buyers, call; we can
suit you; have bargains In hotels, lodging-
houses, flats; all sizes and prices; in all parts
of city.
Money loaned. 1% Per cent.
MITCHELL & HORNLEIN. 1206 Market st.
We have rooming-houses of all sizes and
prices, in all parts of the city.
11 rooms; good location; Al furnished.. $So0
20 rooms; sunny; good renter 050
8 rooms; sunny Jiat; corner -W
11 rooms; downtown: good «00
18 rooms; rent $37 50; make offer 000
Money loaned at-l*& per cent per month.
100 ROOMS; country transient: low rent..$PW)0
300 rooms; corner house; for men 5000
16 rooms; sunny corner; fine location." 1500
14 rooms: rent very low; bargain 600
40 rooms; man house; rent .'15; bargain. 700
Money loaned at 1 per cent.
Hotels roadhouses. flats. 5 to 200 rooms.
EITEL & CARROLL. 1032 Market st.
DONALD INVESTMENT COMPANY.
S50 Market st. — (Inc.). . .Phone Davis 281.
Reliable dealers in rooming-houses, hotels,
business chances and real estate.
We furnish vacant houses and
Loan money at lowest rates.
Something new every day..
New houses to lease. ¦
MASON St., 10 rooms, $700: 8 r., $475;. 22 r.,
$1400; Kearny st.. 18 r.. $1700; 21 r..-$1400.
These are all good paying places; 70 more
houses, south axid north, at all prices; we
ln?at all customers best and honest as possl-
ble. McBRIDE & CO.. 765 Market st.
BUY your houses direct from a furniture dealer
on easy payments. ;
16 rooms; clears $40 $500
11 rooms; clears $30 $350
8 rooms; clears $30 $500
And other bargains. 842 Howard st. ,
I ___ __— — . ,
MARION GRIFFIN.
719 Market st. (upstairs), near Call building;
rood titles; easy terms; telephone Green 45S;
big list hotels and lodging-houses.
("OR SALE — Lodging-bouse of 11 rooms; tran-
sient. SOS O'Farrell et.
-ODOING-HOUSE of 7 rooms, $100 caBh and
$100 time; rent $15. 327^ 3d St.; no agents.
SPIRITUALISM.
EXTRA .?„ 50c ..7. EXTRA
Brockway"B phenomenal seance to-night; In-
dependent slate writing and trumpet speak-
ing; you can see your spirit friends write
on the slate; you can recognize voices: every
one receives a communication. 1052 EUist st.
A — C. V. MILLER, world's famous materializ-
ing medium; spirits speak face to face; seance
Tues., Frl., Sun., 8 p. m.; 50c. 1084 Bush st.
BROCKWAY'S proof positive test seance.
Sun.. Wed. and Fri. nights; every one. re-
ceives tests; 25c; readings dally. 1052 Ellis st.
PROF. HOLTMAN. medium and gifted healer;
all diseases cured by his marvelous astro- 1
psychic power: advice free. 1228 Market st.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium;
life reader; medical clairvoyant: sittings $1;
letter $2. 1164 O'Farrell. St.; Ellis car.
MME. YOUNG'S test circle to-night; Prof. Mc-
laughlin will demonstrate. 605 McAllister; 10c
MRS. HUBBARD, 109 Oak — Circles Tues. and
Fri.. 8 p. m.; Wed., 2 p. m.; 10c; read, daily.
Mrs. Seal, spiritual and bus. medium; tobacco
habit cured or no pay. Avondale, 1424 Market.
KATIE HEUSSMANN. 1774 15th., nr. Guer-
rero; circle Friday eve., 25c; readings dally.
EDWARD EARLE. 328 Ellis; readings dally;
phone Polk 1601; seance Sunday and.Thurs.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 835 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
M*y«r; sittings dally; test to all to-night; 10c.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
60c 6Oc 326 — O'Farrell st. — 326 50e, 50o.
PROFESSOR PAUL DESTINE,
The first registered as well as the first
graduate palmist and clairvoyant
ever In San Francisco.
PAUL DESTINE is, beyond the shadow of a
doubt the most scientific practicing clairvoyant
and palmist In the world to-day; extraordinary
clairvoyant power, combined with his superior
knowledge of occult forces, enables him to read
human destiny with unerring accuracy; his In-
formation and advice on marriages, divorce,
separations, love and family affairs, business
transactions, law suits, etc, are accurate and
truthful; he reunites the separated, settles
¦ lovers' quarrels, causes speedy marriages; lo-
cates hidden treasures and mines by a - new .
method; advises you as to whether or not you
will be successful In mining or In business;
oftentimes, by good advice, he gives you back
your lost nerve and energy, no mattery what
trouble you may have; call and he will help
you. Palmistry . taught, mediumistlc persons
developed: 5 questions answered by mail, 50c.
326— O'FARRELL ST.— 326.
MME. M. BERNARD, '
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third st., next Examiner bldsr.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accurate
description of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur in the fu-
ture. Tf vou nre in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied 5n life, or have domestic,
love or business troubles, consult this great me-
dium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice In all affairs of life; 25c
up: satisfaction ruaranteed. Tel. Black 4569.
EPECIALi — 25c readings, one week; first visit
to your city; clairvoyant, palmist, astrolpglst.
.. card and trance reader; tn$« medium has no
equal In telling past, present, future; gives
names, dates and facts: tells, what you came
for without your say ins- a word} who and
when you will marry, with proper advice;
evil influence Is removed; separated united;
happy and epeedy marriage to your choice
In 9 days;, teaches occult science; elves satis-
faction or no pay: hours 10 to 8 dally and
Sunday. Parlors 1010 Mission 6t, nr. Sixth.
A — ISMAR. the Egyptian gypv clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1104 Market St.,
cor. Turk; private readings dally. 10 a. m. to
S p. m. ; readings by mail ns satlsfactory~as .
in person; 3 questions answered, $1: full life
$5: send lock of hair, date and year of birth.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant &• card
reader, born with double veil — second sight;
diagnoses diseases with lit© readlng;ladleR50c,
gents$l; palm, and clalr. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
25c — A $1 reading this -week only for 25c: ad-
vice on love and all business affairs. MME.
J. J. LYONS, 1016 Market, rooms 8 and 9.
YOUR fortune told from cradle to grave. What
I tell comes true; send dlm<» and birth date.
PROF. J. MYERS. P. O. box 2224. San Fran.
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium, permanently located at 1206 Market
Ft., cor. Golden Gate ave.. 1 rooms 25 and 26.
MISS M.WILLE. 614 Taylor St., clairvoyant
crystal seer;- reads your life correctly without
questions; full names;50c-$l;10 a.m. to 8 p.m.
MKE. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
ad vice; -names given; 25c up. & Fourth- St..
Mrs. Reynolds, the noted life reader, elves full
life readings for $1. 1008% Market, op.' 6tb.
MRS. HOUSER, wonderful medium; tmth or
no pay; full life readings 50c. 704. Howard.',
LINCOLN — Clairvoyant and high psychlat;
hours 11 to 3; readings by mall. . 125 Turk st.
MME. CATHERINE DEAN, scientific- card
reader; readings daily. 132 Sixth St., office 2.
MME. ODELL, clairvoyant: cards & tea leaves
read accurately; L. 25c; G. 50c 521 Va 1 Eddy.
.. ' i_t'.~ " - ¦¦ .
EMPLOYMENT WANTEP^-aiALE.
YOUNG nian ' lately from Germany wishes a <
light position where he can attend . evening
school; moderate wages.* Please addres3.or .
call 1303 Stockton st. ¦"¦ " - ¦ •
MAN from the State of Maine, Just arrived,
wants a position as clerk or head waiter In a
first-class country Jiotel; best of references/
Address JAMES. 538 Geary St., S.-F. ¦•
A— GERMAN man and wife, private place or
, ranch; references. MRS. NORTON, Swedish
"and German Employment Bureau, 313 Sutter.
FIRST-CLASS stenographer desires position;
. 5>. years' experience; references furnished.
Address box 560. "Call office. ;¦
PCSITION a3 stablem2*ror coachman; Al ref-
erences. Address P. J. O., box 561. Call. -
SITUATION in private family; man and wife;
Scotch: general work; wife good cook; man
good, house man; wages $C0 per month. Box
60S, Call office. .' . . . ' ' ¦-..
FIRST-CLASS cutter, experienced In gents'
and ladles' Garments, SDeaklng French, Ger-:
man p.nd English, wishes situation. Apply
, • CHRISTEN. 472 Thirteenth St., Oakland.
YOUNG man,. 2:5, wishes position In grocery
¦ and bar; with reference; 4 years' experience.
Address 943 Willow St., West Oakland. ' .
SITUATION wanted : by expert mechanical
draughtsman; 20 yrs.' experience in the East;
designing, bulldlnc & perfecting machinery;
In o<. out of city. R. M.. box 828. Call otflc*.
CHINESE first-class cook ; wfshes position as
such in first-class hotel, N^tty, country . or
springs, y 729 Sacramento sf.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions*
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BfcANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. . t. ¦ . ¦ -.
' FINANCIAL.' \
COMPANIES Incorporated and financed; stock
,ar.d bond issues guaranteed, underwritten and
. sold; etock accepted for services. - Send for
Pacific States Investor. PACIFIC STATES
MINING AND INVESTMENT CO.. 326 Post.
FLATS TO LET.
10 ROOMS, $47 50; 1523 Bush st.
8 rooms; $45; 1188 Ellis st.
10 rooms; $60; 952 Eddy st. -
8 rooms; $45; 2414 Van Ness ave.
6 rooms; $30: 1810 Ellis st.
\ SPECK & CO., 667 Market mC
: BEAUTIFUL new flat, 6 rooms; gas & electric
lighted: modern; Mission warm belt. Noe &
Elizabeth sts; Mission and 24th-st. cars pa«a.
I $27 50— NEW upper flat 8 rooms; 2 toilets:
I ' latest Improvements; concrete basement. 130
Second ave.. near California St.. '
TENTH. 435— Flat 6 rooms, bath and laundry.
$10 — FLAT of 3 sunny rooms and bath; all
modern. ,686 McAllister st. '/¦ v« •
FLAT of 3 large rooms._29 Ringold St., bet
Eighth and Ninth, off F&lsom.
$10 — 1328 Jessie; sunny flat, 3 rooms, on Her-
mann St.. bet. Valencia and West Mission.
HAYES, 887 V,— Flat of 3 rooms and bath;
yard; rent $8. : _
GOLDEN Gateave.^75, opp. Jefferson . Sq. —
Upper sunny modern flat of 5 rooms and bath.
FILBERT, 1106 — Sunny upper flat; 6 rooms and
bath: ; . ¦ '
HAWTHORNE, 172, near Harrison— Lower flat
¦ of four rooms; sunny.
$30— FINE flat of 6 rooms, bath and basement.
1426 Green St., near Van Ness ave. . • .
UPPER\4-room flat and bath; rent $15. 330
Tehama st. •*— - . ..' ; .
TWO nice new sunny flats. 1112-1114 Fell St.,
near Scott: north side street.
151S BROADWAY. ' near Van Ness ave. — Upper
and lower flat; key at premises. . _.
FLATS TO LET — FURNISHED.
MASON, 710— Five rooms and bath.
' VERY .convenient 4-room flat; bath; (as;
reasonable. Inquire 1096 Valencia st.
GOLDEN GATE. 1517 — 4 rms. ;bath; gas rang*;
. garden: $25; lower flat, 2 rms., $12 50; 1 U 4
HOWARD. 2726 — 5 rooms and bath; piano;
sunny yard; $28: references. -¦'
FLATS FOR SALE — FURNISHED.
FOR sale^ — Fine sunny furnished 7-room flat; no
agents. . 355 Polk st. . •
FURJVITURE FOR SALE.
NEW & up-to-date furniture & carpets of an
8-room modern sunny flat near Van Ness
ave., on Eddy st.; rare chance. Box 403, Call.
4 ROOMS furnished in' oak, r $48 50. with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
BARGAIN— 2 good bicycles, high gear; also
rooming-house, 6 rms., all rented. 874 HowarU.
FURNITURE WANTED."
BIG price, paid for furniture for 60 days; special
reasons. S. J. WAUGH. r. 415. Examiner big.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St., pays highest
"price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
GLOVES. , \
TRY '¦Danlcheff One Dollar . Glove; you will
never wear others; warranted. 121 Grant ave.
15 HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
AT cTbTh ANSErTXcb? 1^ r s7"'~ TeTe. Grant 185.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
6 waitresses summer resort; board, room,
washing $25
¦ Chambermaid, wait 1 meal; springs $20
Laundress summer resort; fare paid $30
Assistant laundress same place.. $20
4 more waitresses Arizona; free fare. .....$25
Man and wife, cook and helper, summer re-
sort $65
2 waitresses- same place; short distance... $20
Girl as-slst on mangle $6 50
Marker and distributor and act as foretady
laundry $10 week
Chambermaid city hotel : . .$20
Woman cook; 20 people $25-$30
FAMILY DEPARTMENT.
French maid, $20; houseglrl, Marysvllle,
small American lamily, $20,; fare paid; house-
pirls, 2d-girls, nurseglrls, city and country,
$10-$30; woman with a child, housekeeper,
$10. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 420 Bush st.
A NURSEGIRL, care of 3 children. $15-$20;
young nurseglrl, $12; nurse girl, nice Ameri-
can family, care of small children, $15. C.
R. HANSEN & CO., 429 Bush St. ,
WANTED— 2 cooks, $30; kitchen helper, pri-
vate family. $25. country; North German
nursn, $25; parlor maid, $30, country; 3 res-
taurant waitresses, $7. $8; housework, Ala-
rneda, $25; 4 waitresses for summer resorts.
$20. $25; 90/fcirls for all kinds of work In
. city, summer resorts and all nearby town
pieces too numerous to advertise; call to-day.
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 334 Sutter st.
8 WAITRESSES, first-class resort, . $25 and
found. MRS. M. E. DAY, 335 Geary st. .
0 WAITRESSES, different springs, $25 and $20.
MRS. M. E. DAY. 335 Geary, st.
2 HEAD waitresses, first-class positions, $35.
MRS. M. E. DAY. 335 Geary St. .:, .
SHAMPOOER, city baths, no night or Sunday
work, $25. MRS. M. E. DAY, 335 Geary Bt.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, - r. 12!
6 waitresses for finest resort In State, $20.
NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY TO LEARN
HOW TO SEW OVERALLS: WE TEACH
YOU FREE OF CHARGE AND PAY WHILE
LEARNING; STEADY WORK; GOODPAyT
LEVI STRAUSS &; CO.. 32% FREMONT
ST.; MR. DAVIS. *-¦., ..?
WANTED — A lady; good penman;, correct at
-figures; some knowledge of bookkeeping and.
stenography. ¦ Apply, with particulars "- and
. wages expected, box 4S2. Call.
WANTED — Young girl or woman to assist with
\ light housework. and children; willing to go
. -short distance in country. Call 757- Golden
.Gate avenue.. bet. 2-and 4 p. m. v .">' _...-
A WOMAN accustomed <- to handling country .|
trade; must have fair education and business
training. Box 514, Call office. .
YOUNG girl to assist with children; wages $15. \
Call at room 7 Cosmopolitan ' Hotel, - corner
Fifth and Mission sts.- . . ;. ; ; . '/
XADY of indomitable energy, possessed of self-
assertion; good • opportunity for right- party.
F. PERSON, room. 412. Parrott building.: >
WANTED — Girl to run buttonhole machine.
;¦ SAN JRANCISCO M'F*G. CO.. 523 Market.
A GIRL for general housework; no washing.
117 Clipper St.. bet. 25th and 26th. •' ~" - ;
SECOND work; young girl willing to I learn.
2609 California st. . " -- , ; ,
AN experienced . saleswoman ' accustomed to
meeting women of reflnem^t..,Boxji83, Call.
MILLINERY- apprentice wanted to learn fall
I and \ winter ..work. 26 .O'Farrell: St., room 25.
- Al CUTTER wanted on cloaks. Address box
D 513, Call.. .-; .-.•-----'• r /.;-:<-.-
WANTED^-A woman for housework. 1403
Devisadero St."- .•- ¦¦'•'., ¦ '•¦'•"¦
3 ¦¦ — ¦ ,
WANTED— Girl ,for general* housework and
- .-.;,- cooking. 1961 -, Pin« ; st. . *j :_ . ',', ;
g .. '
. A>! experienced finisher on ladies' garments.
- 7 H. KRAMER.. 20 Sansome Ft; ' : •
- WANTED— A : girl : to attend candy store.. 413
t ;' Devisadero *UWSSS^S^S^SSBS^iS^
. JGLAIRyOYAKTS— Continued. |
Mme. Marceau. card reader & clairvoyant; la.
&. gents 25c. 1601 Mission; 10. a. m. to 8 p. m.
MRS BROWN, clairvoyant card reader; Iadle3
25c; gents 50c; readings dally. 132 Sixth bt. .
CARPET I BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with 1 poor work .
send to SPAULDING 1 S Pioneer Carpet-beat- \
ing Works. 353-357 Tehama st.; teL South 40.
IMPROVED carpet-cleaning for particular peo- .
pie. A. G. Kleinert, 1512 Polk; tel. East i-'j. ]
Karlson Karpet Co— Clsaning ."J^Ac yd;upholster-
ing. 1213 Market, bet.8£h^^h_^l_i_oj.var__291_^ .
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co., 402 Sutter St.; J
teL Main 394. _ GEO. WALCOM & CO., Prop. |
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices J
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st. ; tel. Mission 2(w.
MODERN Co.; lowest rates for machine clean-
sing. Phone Mint 301. Office 923 Mission st. j
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, Mgr., 38-40 8th St. ; tel. South 250.
CON KLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works, '•
333 Golden/Gate ave.; telephone East 126. .
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vatlng Co., 240 1-lth St.; teL Mission 74. •
' COLLECTION OFFICES.
Gi£o^G^w7~K^LlCY : F~Agency— No charge .
unless successful. Room 310, 927 Market st. <
COTTAGES TO LET.
$16 — SUNNY cottage; 5 rooms; large basement; (
yard. 137 Dolores st., near Fifteenth.*. • .
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Scl£olDL'bF"ELECTRICA£r ENGI- !
NEERING — Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion, laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
practical; day^rffd "night. 24 Post St., S. F. ; ,
catalogue free.
A— *IF Gregg stenographers are not fast writers, ¦
how do they all get positions and hold them?
34 positions in March, '62 in April; Ellis book- ,
keeping makes real bookkeepers. S. F. Busl- "
nets College, 1236 Market, st.
GALLAGHER-MARSH BUSINESS COLLEGE '
conducted by experts; beet combined short-
hand and commercial course to be had any-
where: Indorsed by official court reporters.
1382 Market st. . .
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES, 24 POST ST.. !
S. F. — Thorough courses; complete equipment; ]
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day and night; catalogue free..
A — THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory !
school for the university, 'law and 1 medical
colleges: references, President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. • Phelan building.
Address Ayers' Business College,/ 723 .Market '
St., for their new catalogue; It Is free and the :
nicest In the State. Life scholarship $50. . J
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec, mining, mech.sur- ;
vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve.; est. 1864. Van ;
der Naillen School. 113 Fulton, pr. City Hall.
'ACCOUNTING^ — Most thorough course on coast; ;
' beginners and college graduates perfected, i
TARR. expert accountant. 219 Parrott bldg.
GOLDEN Gate Com'l College, 630 Golden Gate
ave., S. F. — Spring, summer term shorthand, ,
bookpg., penmanship; posit' n when qualified.
CALIFORNIA Business College; most thorough
modern methods; positions for all graduates;
new 60-page catalogue free; 305 Larkin st.
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallet School;
associated with theatrical agency securing po-
sitions. Alcazar building, 120 O'Farrell st. ;
LEARN ad. writing: terms reasonable. CALI-
FORNIA AD. SCHOOL, 234 Montgomery st.
Chicago Business College, 1435 Market, nr. 10th;
Pittman shorthand, typing, bookkeepg; $6 mo.
Harpist, only teacher West, desires pupils. Mme.
Carusl. Hallet School Acting. 120 O'Farrell st. '
GIVEN free; mandolin, violin, guitar or banjo.
by taking 20 lessons, 50c lesson. 1484 Market.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar,' writing,
etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr.6th.
SHORTHAND taught by mall or personally,
MISS M. G. BARRETT, 302 Montgomery st.
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof. MERKI. good
teacher. 100S Mission; instruments selected.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post at.. S. F.;
founded 1S63; new 80-page catalogue free.
CHEAPEST and best in America — The Weekly
Call. .16 oares. sent to any address in the
- United . States or Canada one year for $1.
„, _^DENTISTS.
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC.~809 Market, cor.
4th. r. 7, Flood bldg.; extractions done paln-
lctPly; teeth without plates oar specialty; gold'
crowns $3 50 up; plates, extractions free. $4 50
up; office hours. 9 a. -m. to 9 p. m. ; Sundays.
9 to 2. J.W.THATCHER, D.D.S., Manager.
EASY Dental Parlors. 6 Turk St.. cor. Mason —
Kxpert painless extractors; skilled operators;
gas given; ladv attendant. R. C. ANDER-
SON. D.D.S.. proprietor and manager.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crowns. $3 50: fillings. 50c;
rlates $5. full set; all work ;>alnles3 and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kenrny, cor. Bush —
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns. $3; fillings, 60c.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG, 1841 Polk st.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School;
cortet-maklng taught; patterns cut. 1019 Mkt.
LATEST style skirts $1; children's dresses a
specialty. 78 Rausch st.. nr. 7th & Howard.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
ORPHEUM Employment Office — JapaneseTchU
r.tse help. 426 Powell, nr. Suiter ;tel. Black 5072.
Grcnd Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office. 415 Stock-
ton; tel. Grant 168; expert, reliable help.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office —
Deft help. 411% O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office— Furnish most
. reliable help. 5£4 Bush st. ; tel. Bush 516.
JAP reliable housecleanlng. cooks, waiters on
short notice. 1293 Page st. ; tel. Fell 8501.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. .20 years.'
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
EMPLOYMENT WAXTED — FEMALE.
WANTED — Positions by man and wife; wife Is
a good cook and experienced In general
housework; man good driver and thoroughly
understands care of horses; handy man
around private place; city or country. Box
484. Call offlc_ : ¦ -
RESPECTABLE Protestant woman wishes a
position as cook, housework, or will take en-
tire charge of a household ; is a very good
cook and manager: references; wages $30 per
month. Call at 958 "Mission^ st.
MOTHER and daughter 17 years wish situations
ao housekeeper. or taking charge of a rooming-
house or any other position; responsible. Ad-
dress 211 Fourth St., room 24.
BY an American lady, situation for light
housework; no washing; no window washing;
no children; wages small. 815 Jessie St.,
. oft Ninth. . .-.¦-..¦
AMERICAN woman wishes situation as house-
keeper or cook, on ranch; good references.
MRS. FAIRBANKS. Cotatl. Sonoma Co.
FINN girl wishes situation to do general house-
work. 1435 Buchanan st., between Ellis and
O'Farrell. : -¦¦--. - • . ¦' ¦
A GOOD woman wants— work; Is good general
worker fine laundress,' willing and strong.
106 VT Third St., room 14. . ' ' -
POSITION wanted aa housekeeper or elderly
ladles' companion; city or country; good ref-
erence. Box 4282, Call office, Oakland. \
; WANTED — Hemstitching to work at home; 30c
; a yard. Call or address 1126 Twenty-third
' avenue. Oakland; tel. Ash 761. . . ., ... '•
I GOVERNESS' position wanted by a lady of
education, and refinement:- kindergarten and
music specialties: best Eastern and Stata
1 references; no objection to country. H. K.r~
• Box 63. Fruitvale. Cal. Y . '
j- SWEDISH girl desires a situation as cook
3 or to do housework. Please call in the fore-
noon at 872 Greenwich st. -.¦¦'. :
1 SWEDISH lady wishes position as working
; housekeeper; city or country; best of refer-
ences. Box 427. Call office. . ; ;¦¦.
; SPANISH Castile woman, tlrst-class cook,
wishes situation: city. $35; country, $40.
Plf.a«e rail 1605 Polk st. ¦ _
'. A GERMAN girl wishes situation to do general
t housework: wages $15 a month. 27 Isle et.
l oft Twelfth, below Folsom. . ¦¦
'1 MAN and wife wish situation on ranch or take
e care of country place; reference and expert -
t ence. Address 435 Fulton st. ' . . '.
'' WANTED-^Bya middle-aged woman, position
as housekeeper a short distance In country,
t Call or address 2005 Golden Gate ave. - ;
* RELIABLE woman wishes work by the day
I washins. Ironing, housecleanlng »or sewing;
$1 60 per day. 148 Sixth St., roo\n 22.
j WINCHESTER House, '44 Third St., near Mar-
ket — 200 rooms; 2")cto $1 50 per night; $1 50
- ¦ to $0 week; convenient and respectable; free
r . bus and baggage to and from ferry, viv'j ¦ . .
"J WANT ads and subscriptions taken for " The
; ' Call at Eaton'sTJazaar, 630 McAllister 'st. ¦
- CLASSIFIED advertisements -and subscriptions
d received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
- A BRANCH of See for Call advertisements and
s —subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
-. lenciaet- ' / -. • ; .
SAW FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery street^
corner Clay; open until 9 :30 p. m.
SCO Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
C39 ttcAUlrter street: open until 9:30 p. m.
E1S Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m. v : . , ¦
19*1 Mission street: open until 10 p. m.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth: open
cntil 8 p. m.
106 Eleventh etreet: open until 9 p. m-
J006 Valencia street ; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p. m,
2200 Fillmore street: open until » p. m.
MKETIXG XOTICES.
A STATED meeting of Yerba Buena .»«,
Lodge of PerfectioiJ-No. 1. A. and A. JJ
Scottish Rite of Freemansonry. will be f\
held in Commandery Hall, Masonic _/g^
Temple, on .THUSDAY ' EVENING. «bs*\
May :K», at S o'clock.
HEKRY BURNER. Sec ¦
MISSION Chapter No. 79. R. A. M.— _¦
Special meeting THIS (THURSDAY) JRl
EVENING, 7:30 o'clock. P. M. and TS_Jc
M. E M. decrees. By order of the ' »
H. P.' JNO. R. HILLMAN. Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Lodse No. 1. F. and A. m '
M.. will meet THIS (THURSDAY) Jt
EVENING, May 2», at 7:30 o'clock. jZJX
Third degree. By order of the Master. \ ,
___, FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
FIDELITY Lodee No. 120. F. and A. m
M.— Special meeting THIS (THURS- __#%_.
DAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. it/C
Third degree. Master Masons cordial- / «
ly invited By order of the W. M.
FREDERICK BARRY. Secretary.
SOUTH San Francisco Lodge No. 212, _¦
F. and A. M.. meets THIS (THURS- __fi_,
-DAY) EVENING, at 7::$0 o'clock, for }£2f
third degDte. Master Masons cordial- * V '
Iy invitedf By order of the Master.
E. C. HARE. Secretary.
DORIC Lodge No. 216. F. and A. M. —
Special meeting THIS (THURSDAY) Jk
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. Third de- JLJk
gree. Master Masons are cordially in- f^T
• vlted. By order of the Master.
J. R. GOLDSMITH. Sec.
THE Associated Veterans of the Mexi-x* jm±
can War will meet at hall on MEMO-FJ>*i.€
RIAL DAY, at 9 a. m. ' - *jE3_v
JOSEPH STEWART, President.
WM. L. DUNCAN. Secretary.
ANCIENT Order of Foresters and Coip-^MUg^
panions of the Forest will hold their <**T
28th annual picnic at California jf\
Schuetzen Park on FRIDAY, May 30, Ci_-_>
1JK!2: valuable cate and game prizes; adult's
ticket, round trip, including admission to
park. 60c; children under 12 years, 25c; boats
leave Tiburon ferry, foot of Market St.. 9
and 11 a. ::i. and 12:35 and 3:30 p. m.
S. J. SEVERANCE. President.
M. BOEHM. Secretary.
FIFTEENTH annual picnic of £*"£&£?
Sons of St. George will b^^fAJfQ \_r^
held May 30, 1902. at Glen- -%«A-O\ *k"*
•wood Park. Santa. Cruz «r\Z>y^
Mountains. Leave ferry H V BL^SSr
7:45 and 8:45 p. m. Tick- X'^SSa^J
ets. adults, $1. children 50 M_st_5n^
cents. _*
THE Caledon^n Club will hold Its . «y v.
thirty-sixth Brand annual Bather- A CgV-2
ins and cames at Shell Mound "^MLfi
Park. FRIDAY. May 30. 1902. The
meet renowned athletes from the East and
Paclfl.; Coast will compete. Prizes amount-
ing to over $3000 will be distributed. In ad-
dition to the above, ajcold medal, valued at
$250. will be awarded to the best player on
the bagpipes of Scotch national airs, con-
eistlng of pibrochs. marches, strathspeys and
reels. Highland dancing on platform by
lads and lassies Jn costume. Over 40 exciting
«vents on tlie prcKTamme! Get one. Full
band for pavilions. Dancing ¦until 8 p. ra. A
Scotch ¦welcome extended to ell. Buy round
trip tickets to Shell Mound Park. Admission
to grounds, adults. 50c; children. 25c.
A. M. MacPHERSON. Chief.
J. H. DUNCAN. Secretary.
ANNUAL Meeting — The regular annual meet-
Ing of the stockholders of the Olympic Salt
Water Company will be held at the office of
the company, S27 Market St., San Francisco.
. Cal., on MONDAY, the 20th day of May,
1902, at. the hcur of 3 o'clock p. m.. for the
purpose of electing: a board of directors to
serve for the ensuing year, and the transac-
tion of such other business as may come be-
fore the meeting. Transfer books will close
on Friday. May 16, 1902, at 3 o'clock p. m.
CHAS. A. GIBSON, Sec.
Office, 327 Market St.. San Francisco. Cal.
The above meeting has been postponed
until Monday, June 2. 19C2. at 3 o'clock p. m.
CHAS. A. GIBSON, Sec
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Carfada one year for $1,
postage paid. ~
AGEXTS WAXTED.
AGENTS — Do you want something more profit-
able and easier to cell than books or insur-
ance? F. PERSON, room 412. Parrott bldg.
W.*NTED — Two good piano salesmen. 235-237
Geary st.
IF you are not making $10 a day, write at
onoe for our proposition. Box 488, Call.
ATTORXEYS AT LAW.
B. W. KING, atty.. Examiner building, room
€13; all cases: damages, estates, wills, mort-
gages, partnerships, attachments, collections,
etc.; legal papers drawn; consultation free;
no advance charges; open eve's; call or write.
ADVICE free; divorces a specialty; quick, quiet;
no char»re without success; established 16 yra.
G. W. HOWE, S50 Market St., cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; open every evening; low fees;
all cases. J. M. THURSTOX, 819 Market st.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket St.; consultation free; no fees in advance.
BICYCLES For Sale or Exchanee.
ALLEN has best bicycles made; all prices; call
before buying; repairing, tires, bells. 301
Larkin. 3C5 Market, 1968 to 1974 Page.
BIRDS. DOGS. ETC.
KOBISON'S BIRD STORE— ~~~-~-~~-
S35 and 3C7 Kearny st.
ALL KINDS OF BIRDS, DOGS. ETC.
Largest and best appointed place In the country.
BOOKS — XEW AXD OLD.
BOOKS of all kinds bought: libraries purchased.
H. C. Holmes. 1149 Market; teL Howard 1946.
lilMXESS CHAXCES.
A^S265oT RESTAURANTT'ciose To" Chronicle
bldg.; rent $75; a first-class paying business.
Particulars R. G. WILKE. -26V. Kearny st.
A— $700; SALOON, only one block north of
Market st.; net rent $25; a good paying busi-
ness; value in sight. For particulars see R.
G. WILKE. MXj Kearny at. -
A— $1400; HALF interest In one of the beet
paying saloons in this city. Particulars R.
G. WILKE. -Ziyi Kearny st.
A— f 1600; RESTAURANT on Market St.; daily
receipts about $60; lease; splendid chance; a
money maker. Call R. G. WILKE. 26H
Kearuy tt.
A — $1250; COFFEE saloon and restaurant near
Market and Powell sts.; value $2500; make
an offer; sickness cause of selling. See R.
G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $250: RESTAURANT; cost to fix up $600;
rent $15; splendid location; a great bargain
and good business. Call R. G. WILKE. 2G}4
Kearny gt.
A— $45C; BAKERY, established years; all store
trade: rent $40; 3 rooms and kitchen; baking
1 barrel per day. Call R. G. WILKE. 26%
Kearny el
A EALOON on Fourth et.. near Market; $650
A saloon; half interest; $750.
A branch bakery and notions; $550.
; Call R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A — DAIRY produce, delicatessen and tamale
depot clearing above $350 per month; estab.
years; the best Investment in any kind of
business^ Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A— 5800; PARTNER wanted In fine paying and
best located restaurant on Sutter st.- sick-
ness compels owner to take good man as
G aj wrL^ E .t^ th K e r^° y e su bu81Des8 - see *•
GENTLEMAN or lady who can reach people
with money to Invest In a company ownln*
a mountain of low-grade, gold-bearing ore
superior to Treadwell mine of Alaska- dlvl-
•. dends will run lifetime beginning 3 months
after mill starts. If you wish to represent
or invest In a paying proposition address
room 412. Parrott bldg.. San Francisco. Cal.
A— $300; PARTNER wanted in light business-
$18 to $25 a week; no night or Sunday work-
duties light and easily learned; trial given
before buying. 25 Geary st.. room 1.
A — Hardware, paint and oil business In very
best town this State; nets $250 mo.; Invoice
my stock: no good will: snap rent. See
Hedges, 4CI-462 Parrott bldg.. 825 Market.
PARTNER to buy Interest In established legit-
imate business. Bex 512, Call. /
GOOD paying cigar stand with furnished house-
keeping rm.; owner leaving city; $200. 333 3d.
BRANCH bakery, groceries, candy, notions and
school supplies, near school. 811% Bryant et.
GOOD crowing paper route for sale cheap. Ap-
ply 1744 Hyde Bt.
CANDY store and factory; good opportunity;
good reason for selling. Apply 1428 Dupont.
FOR cale — A country tailoring . establishment.
Apply RE1SS BROS. & CO.. 24 Sutter st.
Btore with large basement, below Kearny, suit-
able for bovrll£ff, .fames; lease. 636 Clay, r. 1
HELP WASTED— MALE-^£2Jb~~~
20*CARPENTERS. city arid "country, $3, $3 50
and $4 day: head furnace man, *00 ana
board, and 2 helpers. $45 and board, see
boss' here to-day: ironmolder, J- day: ma-
chinist for mill. & 50 day; blacksmith helper
and iloor man, $2 50 to $3 day; blacksmith.
$2 50 to S3 day; ranch blacksmith, »40 ana
board; wheelwright ior ranch. $40 and poard,
•I laundrymen, $,*0 and $.•«> and board, for re-
sort; pclishsr, country laundry, $12 wee >-..r
carriage-setters, $3 day. and others. J. *•
CROSETT &. CO.. 623 Sacramento st.
FIRST-CLASS gardener for country; 2 men
• and wives.' private lamily, $40 and $oO, mar-
ried fruit farmer, ?40 and house rent; farm-
ers, $:>r., $^6, JMO and *1 25 day;N2 chore
men lor ranch. $2o and $30; man about
place. $.>0: sack sewer, $3 day; 2 Can wasii-
ers, ?40 and 530 and found; boy to learn
creamery business, 915 and founa; 10 ink-
ers, %M to ?3o, and others. J. "l'\ CROSETT
&. CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
20 LABORERS and teamsters, $2 and $2 25
day, free fare: laborers for mill and wooes.
- mines, quarries and other work, . $2 day ana
$35 to $45 and board; 2 lumber sorters. $J *<»
day. and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO..
¦ Gl* Sacramento st. f ,
toGK, email hotel. $35 to $40. fare advanced;
cook and wife. $65; boarding-house cooks.
$.>') and $40; hotel waiters, $23; vegetable
men, ward man, dishwashers and othar ho-
tel and restaurant help. J. F. CROdETT &
CO., U28 Sacramento st. - '
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. ....'.. .429 Bush st
Bet. Kearny and Grant ave
New rallrcad work Free fare
- ' FOR NEVADA
20C0 teamsters, laborers, roekmen and out-
sider-laborers $2 and $2 25 a day
FOR CHATS WORTH PARK
500 tunnelmen, drillers, muckers and outside
laborers : $1 75 to $3 a dav
Free fare ; ... Free fare
C. R. HANSEN & CO. 42U Bust st
WANTED— For U. S. army, able-bodied unmar-
ried men. between ages of 21 and 35; citizens
of United States, of gcod character and tem-
perate habits, who can speak, read and write '
l^nglish; For Information apply to Recruit-
ing Olftcer, 121 New Mansumery St., San
Francisco, or Masonic building, Sacramento.
WANTED — Experienced domestic . salesman.
Apply between 8 and 11 a. m.. at HALE
BROS.'
WANTED — Young man who Is an experienced
crockery and glass ware wrapper. Apply
between 8 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
WANTED — Young man who is an experienced
dry goods wrapper. Apply between 8 and 11
a. m. at HALE BROS.'
WANTED— A young man, 17 or 18 years, to as-
sist In wrapping. Apply at S. N. WOOD &
CO.'S. 718 Market st.
CASH boys wanted! Apply S. N. WOOD &
CO.'S, 718 Market st.
WANTED — Honest man with $90 to take cash
in restaurant; $40 month. BROWN & CO..
1221 Market st.
WANTED— Strictly sober, reliable young man
with $125 cash; light contracting business;
no experience necessary; pays $70 month; 30
days' trial. BROWN & CO., 1221 Market st.
WANTED — Shoemaker of aioady habits for
first-class work; young man preferred, who
can assist In store. ,' FIRESTINE CO., Napa, -
Cal. \ 1
WANTED— Steady man to ke-?p plain accounts
and assist in light work; will pay $65 per
month; must have $100. ' 765 Market St..
' room 3.
BARBERS, take notice — Friday, May 30, being
. a legal holiday all shops will close at 12 m.
on that day. JOS. R. BLEILY, secretary
local 148.
EXPERIENCED entry clerk In wholesale
¦ : house; must be good and rapid penman and
¦ quick at figures; applicants failing to give
references not considered. Box 618. Call.
BOY to assist in shipping department whole-
. salp house: must reside with parents; stato
ag«» and give references In making applica-
tion. Address box 517, Call office. •
WANTED — Cooks, waiters, dishwashers, port-
ers and kitchen help for restaurants; no fee.
;'. 520 Montgomery st.
TRUSTWORTHY man to solicit orders and
. drive delivery wagon for wholesale and retail
¦ wine house; must give ref. Box 510, Call.
¦ _
HARPIST, violinist, flutist; employment for
the summer out of the city. Apply 519 Mis-
sion, third floor, room 2.
WANTED — 2 young men; good references;
hours 6 to . 12 p. m. : apply by letter only.
BACIGALUPI. 840 Market st.
A STEADY man with small capital can secure
a good living In a cigar 3tore. Inquire cigar
factory. 257 Fourth St.. near Folsorri.
A GENTLEMAN of Indomitable energy and
push; good, opportunity for right man. F.
PERSON, room 412, Parrott building.
RELIABLE man in wine house, tending bar
and selling indoors; German speaking pre-
ferred. " 15 City Hall square.'" — " *
BOYS wanted. Apply California Barrel Fae-
tory, Twenty-second and Illinois sts. •
WANTED — An all-round Jeweler.. Apply J. N.
PHILLIPS, 627 J St., Sacramento.
WANTED — Good barber; steady Job: $15 week.
J. J. SCHNEIDER. San Rafael; tel. Red 15.
SHOEMAKER, with $650, to buy a shoe store
and shop; owner, going north. 220% 4th st.
WANTED — An experienced man to wash cans.
1408 Devisadero st.
WANTED — 2 more men for timber claims;
$500; 70 days. Box 515. Call.
LABORERS shipped free to Nevada, Apply
€2fl Clay st.
LABORERS shipped free to Nevada. Apply
629 Clay st.
STRONG boy I wanted In ' sheet metal works.
Apply 17 Drumm «t.
AN experienced grocery and bar clerk ;¦ age
and city references. Box 516. Call office. \
WANTED— Lunch waiter at 79 Stevenson st.
WHEELWRIGHT wanted. 1622 San Bruno
road.
WANTED— Dishwasher at 434 Fifth st.
SHOEMAKER wanted on repairing: steady
work. 621 Sacramento st.
WANTED — An experienced plumbing Jobber.
J. L. BOWEN & SON. 533 Mission st.
WANTED — Platen pressmen and feeders. GEO.
SPAULDING & CO.. printers. 414 Clay st.
BARBER — For sale. 2-chalr shop. Inquire 402
; Brannan St.. near Third. -
WANTED-7-Salesman on * gents' furnishing
goods. 535 Valencia. /
WANTED — Boy for wholesale house; chance to
advance. Box 1745, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS carriage blacksmith and paint-
er. O'BRIEN'S, 500 Golden Gate ave.
BARBER shop and laundry office, with two
living rooms; rent $10. 921 Harrison st.
WANTED — Recruits for the marine corps^ U.
S. navy; ablebodled. unmarried men o? good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than 5 feet 4 Inches and not over 6 feet 1
Inch: able to speak and read English. For
further Information apply at the Recruiting
Office. 40 Ellis st.. San Francisco.
WANTED — Salesman for general store In the
. country: one who has had experience In dry
goods, fancy goods, etc.; state references,
which must be unexceptional as to character
ajid ability. Address box 486. Call office.
WANTED — Young man from 16 to 18 years of
age to learn tfie dry goods business. Stata
age. experience.-if any, and salary expected.
. Apply between 8 and 11 a. ,,m. at HALE
BROS.' _^^
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
ru;is Denver House. 217 Third st.; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
MEN to learn barber trade; barbers in de-
mand; only requires 8 weeks: tools donated;
catalogue free. MOLER'S BARBER COL-
LEGE, 635 Clay st.
FTRST-CLASS 2-chair barber shop for sale In
San Jose. Inquire G. DRAGVEITQH. HO
Fowell St.. S. F.. or ot STOLTZ.
BARBER shops and rooming houses supplied
with towels, 40c per 100. Yosemite Towel
Supply. Co.. 708 McAllister;' phone Kate 26.
WANTED — A thoroughly competent and expe-
rienced salesman for retail boys' and chil-
dren's clothing. Address box 415, Call.
WANTED — Mechanics, agents and solicitors.
Call Inventors' Mfg Co.. Ift7 Flrat st.
WANTED-^-lOO laborers at Hunters Point; $2
per day. City. Street Improvement .Co.
ALL size's men's shoes. ' slightly damaged, halt
price. 563 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sta.
.WAITED— Young ¦ men to learn barber trade.
_^ S. F. Barber College. 741A Howard st. V-
2000 PAIRS of new and second-hand shoes for
¦ale cheap. _ McDONALD & PERRY. 241 3d.
PENSION atty.". E. A. Bui Its, room 40, Phelaa
big. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post, G.A.R.
500 MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army shoes
-EOc up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard st.. nr. 5th.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Europe and
Australia. - HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
GET your shoes half -soled while waiting; 25o
to 50c. . 563 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st, near Mar-
\ ket— 200 rooms. 25c night; reading rooms; fre«
•bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 FUlmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has , been established at 1096
Valencia «t.
HORSES ANP WAGONS.
THREE well-matched stylish carriage teams. "
average weight 2500 pounds- perfectly train-
ed: two coal black teams, stand 16:3 hands,
average weight 2450: six work horses, average
weight 1400, and six fine large driving horses.
Just from tbe country: these are all well
broken, trials given. Call at OCCIDENTAL -
HORSE EXCHANGE. WM. G. LAYNG Pro.
prletor, 246 THIRD ST.. formerly 721 How-
ard st. "
A LOT of horses for sale at Arcade Horse Mar-
ket. 3-_7 Sixth st.-. also buggies. wagon3. har-
ness, etc.; auction sales every Wednesday at
11 a. m. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
FOR sale— One team 7-year-old, jet black, well
matched horses, weiging about 1400 pounds
each. For further Information apply to J.
B. -COSTA. Dutton.s Landing, Cal.
BIG ranch horse. $30: sins'.e truck harness.
$15; strong fruit wagon, flOO; buggy. 73
City Hall ave.
YOU can find what you want In the hors.; Un»
at STF.WARTS Horse Market. 721 HowarU
. t.t.. near Third; phone Main 1150.
FOR sale. Santa Rosa Salesyard — Just arrived.
FHveral fine road and business horses, new
buggies and harness. 1400 Market, cor. 11th.
San Francisco Veterinary College — Fourth ses-
sion begins June 9. Catalogues by applying ir>
M. L. PANCOAST, Sec. 510 Goltfen Gate ave.
FOR sale — A bay mare: sound, f New Post-
offlce Stable, Jessie, bet. Cth and 7th.
FOR sale — Team first-class work horses. J.
SULLIVAN, 200 Sagamore St., Ocean View.
Largest etock 2d-hand wagons, "backboard, sur-
rey, harness, work.driving horses. 15th&Valencta.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, hamesa.
. etc., cheap. EGAN fc SON. 2117 Mission st.
AN Al express wagon, single: also light camp-
ing wagon for sale cheap. 532 Mission st.
CHEAP- must be sold; roadhonse in good run-
ning order; pcrtles going away^ Inquire at N
Cal! office. ¦ - - ( 1
, HOUSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED list houses to let: send for cir-
cular. G. H. i'MBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
$30 — SUNNY modern 2-story bay-window nous*
of 7 rooms and bath. 720 Eroderick at.
HOUSES TO LET — FURNISHED.
FURNISHED house to rent for months Juna
and July; piano and telephone: terms mod-
erate to responsible parties. Apply at 2523
Washington st.
HOUSES TO LET COUNTRY^
MENLO (Fair Oaks) — New cottage. 7 rooms.
bath: furnished. A. R. HARRISON. 73 Geary.
LOST AND FOUND. ~
LOST^On~~train between Sausalito and Saa
Rafael,' lady's purse, containing $26. Finder
please return ta MRS. A. M. PINGREE,
Corte Madera. Marln County; reward.
LOST — Package containing lodge dues and re-
ceipt books. Leave at 305 Market; reward.
LOST — An Elk's tooth, mounted, between
Shra"3er st. and Metropolitan Temple. Re-
turn) to 61 Spring Valley, bldg. ; reward.
$10 REWARD for the return of a new largs
dark blue overcoat taken from 1131 Howard
St.. May 14.
MAY 24. at I. O. O. F. Hall, gold Masonio
emblem. - Return to Call office; reward.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the California
Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter St.. needs old gold
and silver to make new watch cases.
MATTRESSES AXD PILLOWS.
TO ordey: also cleaned and sterilized: uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar- .
anteed. HOPKE BROS., 411 to 415 Powell
st.; tel. Bush 421.
Brass, Iron beds; mattresses; pillows; window
shades. J.F.Hotter. 721 Mission; tel.Main 730.
/ MEDICAL.
A — -DR. O'DONNELL. world-renowned special-
ist. — Ladies, all who are sick or in trouble,
consult the specialist on fomale complaints;
menstrual female complaints positively cor-
rected; tha unfortunate helped; relief In all
cases taken; the mo3t difficult cases treated;
--have relieved thousands of moat obstlnata
cases; free, confidential advice on all subject a
of a delicate nature. DR. G. W. O'DON-
NITLL, office & residence, 1018 Mkt., op. 5th.
MRS. DR. KOHL — Well-known, reliable ladies'
specialist; instant relief guaranteed; home in
confinement; hours 9 to 5 and 7 to 8.
100S% Market St., opp. 5th and nr. Powell.
' MRS. DR. WYETH— Well-known ladles' spe-
cialist; 30 years' experience; private home In
confinement. Moved to 728. Post sf., nr. Jones.
11RS. SWEET. 606 Guerrero, nr. 18th et.. a
graduate of Royal University. Berlin, has 25
years" experience In midwtfery ca»e»: all who
are sick or In trouble consult me before got.i.f
tlsewhere: takes ladies before and during con.
fijicment; best motherly care; infants adopted;
confinements. $U5: room & board $5 week;
2 to help for room and board. Tel. Bine 411.
MRS. DR. GOODWIN, ladies' reliable special-
lst; maternity hospital; home for infanta free;
fee low. 90C Market St.. opp. Emporium.
' MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable- ladies'
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
LADIES — Kumrond is safe & sure; never falls;
price $2. Gleason's drug store, Clay & Kearny.
DR. ROSEN. 1007% Market St., near SlxtlC
treats ladies only; relief in all cases taken.
LADIES — "Xeverfale," Pasteur's celebrated
regulator, $2. Pasteur Med. Co.. 8 Flood bldg.
DR. AND MRS. DA VIES and H1NDOHERB
original method of treatment. 1126 Market.
DR. NG. TOY KEE. 210 Stockton St.. opposite
Union Square: all diseases cured by herbs. '
CHEAPEST and best in America — The Weekly
Call, ltf pages, sent to any address In tha
United States or Canada one year for $1. • '
MI.SHS A-MJ AtliMAO.
SHASTA County gold and copper mine^ — I ha'va
6C0 shares of stock for sale in a very promis-
ing property; will take $100 for them; will
be worth twenty times the amount in lesa
than a year hence. .Address box 591. Call.
SMALL gold mine, with mill; will pay from
the start; only small capital required; easy
terms. THE INVESTORS' AGENCY. loT
Montgomery st., S. F.
3 GOOD locations on good gold-bearing ledge;
will locate for grubstake. Box 572, Call.
PARTNER wanted to, equip mine. Address
box 6H3. Call office.
M IS CELL AX E O L T S— FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McLN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont it.
COLLEGE kennels has 8 head ot dogs. wMch
must be sold for beard; also a fine stock of
' dogs and pups of all descriptions; can b«
bought on your own terms. 115 Haight st..
phone Fell 6811. ¦ _^
A — BUYS, seiis or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pines, shafting, pulley*.
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st.
BAR fixtures: big stock; installments: billiard
- and pool tables; easy terras or rented. Tin
Brunswlck-Balke-Collender Co.. 632 Mission.
SEAl^SKIN, highest grade, same as new, co»t
$250. will sell if taken at once for $1CO cash;
- bust 3S; a rare bargain. Box 569, Call.
FOR sale — The Irish Fair Merrv- Go-Round:
sure money. McGUIRE & HASWELL. 141*
Market st.
NEW and Sd-hand boilers, engines, dynamos,
motors, pumps, wood and Iron working ina-
chlnery. H. S. WHITE. 130 Beale st.
LOTS of hard old bricks on hill; Waller ani
Buchanan; $5 CO per M. ¦ ' »\- . -
SOCO FEET 2 to 6 inch pipe, with screw, lead or
flanged Joints. THOMPSON. 40 Main st.
-FRESH milk | cow. 43 Chenery st. . .
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters (all
makes). ALEXANDER ft CO.. 110 Montg'y.
ENGINES, boilers, lathes, planers, second-basil
machinery. J. BURKE. 13ft Beala st.
5 DOLLARS — Singer sewing machine; good or-
der. -1371 Market st.. near Twelfth.
BOATS. launches, rowboats carried In stock.
BAKER * HAMILTON. _
Edison phonographs, records, supplies. 1 moving
picture machines, films. Badgalupl, 933 Mkt.
GASOLINE eneines. all sizes, new and 2d-haml
and launches. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont at-
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HES-
MAX SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento -t.
FOR ncond-hand machlnery.enfflnes and boiler*
CO to D.J.McMasters.SE.cor.2nd & Brannan.
1ST-CLASS 2d-hand modern engines & boilers
bought, sold. Krogh Mfg Co.. 519 Market at.
MAGIC- lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pie-
tures. BULLARD A BRECK. 131 Po- 1 * *\
A WEEK,'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper for mailing. $1 P^ T ear -_
31ISCELLAXEOUS WA* TS>
WANTED— Heavy power or punching out
prtss. M-OISE-KLINKNER CO.. 3-0 San-
some st.
BIG prices paid for ssalskin coats: also reaUf
full dress and Tuxedo suits. Portland Loaa
Office. 25 Stockton st. : phona Bush 484.
I WILL pay good casW prices for old sealskins;
.send postal; will call. Box 49t>0. Call.
riLTON wants good second-hand clothing «ad
theatrical goods : /l54 9th St.: tel. Ja.»l«2851.
Wanted— Cd-hand electric motors, all ilses. any
condition. FarnsworthIHectrlcalWk3..41STurl£.
HF.T.1V WAH'TF.h— FRMAl.K— Con.
GIRLS, be your own boss; earn $15 to $20 per
• . week with private customers; hairdressing,
. - manicuring, massage, hairwork. taught In 2
weeks: price $3 50; employment guaranteed;
1 class day and evening. 233 Geary, rms. 13-15.
Hairdressing, ¦ manicuring, massage, bleaching,
) dyeing, hairwork; splendid position in stores
¦ and with private customers, $50 to $75 mo.; 2
- weeks $5; day, ev. classes. 1236 Market, r. 94.
WANTED — Experienced jacket and skirt hands
on alteration work. Apply between 8 and 11
a. m. at HALE BROS.".
GIRL to do light housework and take care of
child; wages $15 to $20. 1324 .Scott st.
WANTED — Lady barber; also apprentice. Call
__MRS. HAYES, 428 Sixth St. _________
OPERATORS on ladles' waists; good pay. 650
Mission St., third' floor.
FIRST-CLASS talloress: only first-class need
apply. W. BARON, 22 Grant ave.
GIRL, light housework, $15. 2306 Sutter st.;
call morning. , (
MIDDLE-AGED w\man to assist light house-
work; wages $10; ggod home. 77% Fourth st.
First-class experienced stenographer and type-
writer. Give qualifications, box 566, Call.
APPRENTICE for hair . business at G. LED-
ERER'S, 123 Stockton st.
THOROUGH course in millinery, $1 per week;
evening class. 233 Geary St., rooms 13-15.
PANTS operators wanted by S. N. WOOD &
CO. Apply at factory. 27 Geary st.
WANTED — Saleslady. Apply between 8 and
11 a. m. at HALE BROS.' , .
WANTED — Experienced shirtmakers. 13AG-
LESON & ; CO.. 535 Market st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at llftMJ
Valencia st. ¦>¦."¦ ',
HELP WAXTK1) — -MALE:.
MURRAY & READY! 634-630 Clay St.
The Leading Employment and Labor Agents
Phone Main oS-lS
Office Open 7 a. m.
NEVADA STATE ARIZONA
FREE FARE .........
.. SHIP RAILROAD MEN DAILY v
To Reno. Vista Delta. Elko. Iron Point
SALT LAKE DIVISION*
600 teamsters, $2 to $- 25; 150 laborers.. $2
35tt-conciete laborers, $2 I'D; 75 roekmen. $2 50
6 stonemasons, $1 dsy; 20 car dumpers ?2
All the above work FREE FARE
ARIZONA.
ARIZONA.
' 20 teamsters, railroad work,, near Prescott.
mountain district
2 camp blacksmiths, Arizona.. $00 and found
A JOB for Everybody.
Fruit and Vegetable Farms.
25 men and boys to work around ranch pick-
ing, cutting, packing fruit and vegetables, no
experience required; you'll suit $40
FARE $1... FEE $1
.j... MISCELLANEOUS,...
I3an experienced In warehouse work, refer-
ences, $14 a week; young man with a little
experience in foundry, $1 75 a day; stable-
man for springs, $25 and found; choreman,
private. place. $25; coachman, good place, $30
and found; young man to drive delivery wag-
on, city, $a a week;:lt> stablemen, $30 and $35
and lound; 3-ycune'men for iactory, $7 a
week; 20 boys for lactpries to learn trades,
¦ city. ¦ - "¦:¦¦ ¦• ¦ ¦ ; • •'•¦
TEAMSTERS
6 teamsters, San Mateo County, $32 50 and
found; 10 teamsters, city, $2 a day and $1 25
a day and ! board; teamster, lumber wagon,
city, $2 60 a day; driver, milk wagon. $40
and found; 30 ranch teajnsters, $30 and $35
and fcund. ¦ .' ¦ ; ¦ - ' - . • : ~ V • <'•*. . ¦
TO THE^ . . . ; . . . . . . . . .
SAWMILLS HUMBOLDT COUNTY
WOODS AND YARDS ...V......
FARE PAID. .FARE PAID
30 men to pile lumber. Humboldt County; 25
men to work In woods, Humboldt County. $40
and found; 145 laborers to work In mill, yards
and woods, no experience required; you'll do
for the, work; ship to-day; wages. $30 to $65
and found ; 10 laborers, ' lumber company.- So-;
noma, $35 and found; 5 men to. work" around
mills, San Mateo County, $32 50 and: found;
rough carpenter, sawmill,' $60 and' found., see
boss here; 2 setters, sawmill, $3 a day, see
boss here; 3 crosscut sawyers, $35 and found;
3 barkers, $35 and found ; drag sawyer, shin-
gle mill. - ' ? ¦- ¦ ....-.-
SHIP TO-DAY TO SAWMILLS.
MECHANICAL DEPARTMENT ...;..
Machinist, city Job; molder, brass, city; 10
blackemithe, city and country. Jobs, $3 to
$3 50 day; 3 ranch blacksmiths;. 4 black-
smiths, sawmills; 2 camp blacksmiths, Ari-
zona, $60 and founds 6 carpenteru, country
Job, $90; 3 rough: carpenters, sawmill, see-
boss here. $60 and found; horseshoer, country
shop, $2 60 to $3 day; cooper, eee boss here;
6 brick molders
MINES ..
s ... LABORERS . . . ...... .
8 miners, north, 8 hours, $90; 6 miners. $70
and found; 10 laborers for a large mining
company, no experience required, this is a
gcod job. $50 and found;. 20 muckers, quartz
mine, $75; -476 laborers, ¦" different Jobs, city
and country, wages $2 to $2 50 day... ..'....
FARMS -V. DAIRIES. . '.
. HAYMAKERS HARVEST FD3LD
10 men to run mowers and rakes, etc., $4.0.
and found; 675 haymakers and men to work
In hay fields, $30. $35, $40 and found and
$1 25, $1 60 day and found; 25 'farmers,
steaay Jobs, on fruit farms, $30 and found;
haybalers; 76 milkers In 'every county In
California, $30 to $40 and found; butter
maker; cheese maker
. Man- and wife for ranch, easy Job, see boss
here
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
BAKERS. WAITERS, ETC.
Baker, country shop, fare 80c, $45 and found;
baker shop, , north, small place, $40 and
found; cook, country hotel, $70, see boss here;
17 ¦ cooks, different jobs, city and country;
¦ cook, 5 men on hay press, see boss here. $25
'and found: bartender, city saloon, $50 and
found; cook's helper, mine, $30 and found;
- 28 waiters, city and country Jobs, hotels and
¦ restaurants; 3 porters; Janitor, store, city,
$40; butcher, country ehop, $30 and found.
MURRAY & READY? 634-636 Clay st.
¦ ....Call and get one of our list of jobs.'...
MURRAY &• READY, 634-636 Clay st.
AT THE CALIFORNIA EMPLOYMENT
AGENCY. , ;
69 3d St., near Call bldg. ; phone* Bush 405.
'....Teamsters and laborers for railroad..'..
TO ALL POINTS IN NEVADA
Free fare v Free fare
..Office fee$l; no other expenses
100 teamstera $2 25 to $2 50 per day"
100 rock men " $2 25 to $2 50 per day
100 concrete men and laborers.. $2 25 per day
Mendoclno County. .....Big sawmill
60 railroad laborers. .$26 per month & board
12 sawmill and woodsmen
..$26 to $C5 per month and board
SHTP TO-DAY. FARE ADVANCED
Machinist, sawmill.. $45 per month and board
'.... FOR LUMBER WOODS ... J......
2 barkers r. .... $40 per month and board
2^croascutters .....$40 per month and board
2 chalntenders .... $40 per month and board
4 barkpeelers $15 per month and board
2 Jackscrewers $40 per month and board
2 head tree fellers.. $50 per month and board
6 swampers $35 per month and board
." FOR SAWMILL
. 2 head setters -. $3 p er ,j a y
10 lumber pliers $40 per month and board
10 men to grade on skid road. .$35 mo. & bd
5 carpenters' helpers $2 per day
6 carpenters ?4 per day; fare paid
2 haymakers^ $1 25 per day and board
10 fruit pickers $r per day and board
6 carpenters, company work, long Job
*• • • "• • $3 50 per day
. 6 structural steel men $3 50 per day
Patternmaker, ironworker, fare paid
• - • • '•-• • • $4 50 per day
- Bartender, city reference .$50 per month
' Man and wife small ranch!... $46 per month
PACIFIC EMP. AGENCY, 638 Clay st
.............Phone Main 1191 .............
500 teamsters, concrete men, roekmen steam
shovel dumpers $2 25 to $2 50 per day
FREE FARE — SHIP FRIDAY . . .'. . .
To Wadsworth,, Rokeby, Battle Mountain,
Palisade. and Carlin; ship direct; fee $1 '
175 railroad men, S. P. Co. 's own work...
COAST DIVISION— FREE FARfcl>: .
To San Luis Obispo, Edna, Cuesta. GoTeta.
Spence, Bradley, and San Ardo ..;........ .T.
.25 boys to learn trades $4 to $9 per week
7 carbuilderB ...... ... ......' . .$3 per day
. 6 cabinet-makers . .? $3 per day
2 shoemakers, country V.$2 per day
23 laborers, mine $2 per day
6 carmen $2 per day
miners, south:.. '..... $2 per*day
18 quarrymen ... .i. $2 per day
7 . tie ' swampers. Mendoclno Co. .$35 & found
'5 tie sledders, Mendoclno Co.... $40 & found
16 tie makers. Mendoclno County... Tcp price
• 3 boys for drugstore $5 . per weeit
¦ 2 .blacksmiths . ....";....'. :'..-. .$3 per day
' '2 blacksmiths' helpers "......$2 per day
1 lronmolder ..;.... $3 per day
4 pick and shovel men '.*. ....$!' 25 and found
10 laborers and miners, San Benlto County ...
-..............".".. .........$2 to $2 50 per day
•20 tanbark peelers, ; Mendoclno' Co.. $45 & fd
1 elevator boy. .'". . . . .$12 per month and found
Cooks, waiters, etc.-, city and country....,.-
. .' Many other positions. Call and see our bul-
letins.. . . .\. . . . ... . ... . . i ... :. . : -..-..
. ANDRE'S office.' 316 Stockton st. — 5 2-horse
¦ • teamsters. Sonoma Co.. '$1 a ' day. steady
' ~ work:. 3 men for plain rarden work. $1- dav
' " and found;-man and wife as cook. $50; cook
. " and ; da chores for 4 men on a ranch. S23;
young man to work on a fruit farm, $30-
railroad laborers, $2, $2 25 a day,, etc. -V -
» ANDRE'S 316 ' Stockton -'¦ st. — Walter,
.. small E country '. place.' $25; j assistant | pastry
• cook. etc.. .$30; assistant confectioner. $25:
1 -handy man -.for kitchen. $30 and found; cook
• . for family, country. $.15:. yoiinir man to"h»lp
' waiting and tend bar. $30 to $35; kitchen boy,
private; family. $20, etc. .. - - *" . .
I A— HOTEL GA ZETTE. 26 Montgomery.* rm. 12.
Pantrymnn,- $2. r »:.laundryman. $30; bar porter,
. : $25:. barber, $30 and found;'nlght clerk, $20;
I waiter. ?30V'"'-"?;. -.'¦¦¦ . - --
- A MAN and wife. : small : ranch; $50; man and
. - wife, private place, $50. MRS. NORTON,
v 313' Sutter *t.v- . ¦ - - ••'
j FIRST-CLASS «bi'«he>ni<in. • G^KENBERO &
¦ • CO.. 4th. and Market sts.. Flood building.. School in the South. :r .
The names of the colored pupils who
passed the examination held on Satur
day, May 17, in accordance with the pro
visions of the Hochstadtep bequest, which
was made for the- promotion of education
among: the colored people, were an
nounced yesterday by Superintendent
Webster. Although the examination waa
taken by both girls and boys the girls
proved the more successful In answering
the questions and in consequence tha
winners are four girls. Margaret Wilson
of 1511 Stockton street was first with 330
credits out of a possible 350; Florence 21.
Westley of 1K12 Hyde street second, with
S09 credits: Ellen F"ord of , 1015 Powell
street third, with 299 credits; Ethel Lath
erbi of 908 Larkin street fourth, with 2S8
credits. ' "•¦ ¦•'. '<•*-¦¦¦ ,
These lucky colored girls will be given
an opportunity of attending one of the
twelve schools for colored children some
where In the South. They will receive
from the Hochstadter bequest their trav
eling expenses in going to the school -and
|10O per annum for four years.
Promotion Committee Gives Notice.
The California Promotion Committee de
sires to give notice that tickets for the
trip of the San. Francisco business men to
the Sacramento Valley will be for sale
next Monday, and only to those whoso
names are registered. No berth reserva
tions will be made in advance, and those
who apply firtft for tickets will have the
choice of Pullman accommodations. Tha
limit will be 125 passengers. One hundred
business . men are already booked. . The
start for the valley points will be made
on June 6. . v-\:' : , '
Late Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
"Wednesday, May 28.
. Stmr Santa Barbara, Zaddart, 81 hours from
Port Hadlock; bound for San Pedro; put In to
land passenrers.'
SAILED.-
Wednesday, May 28.
, Stnsr Luella, Olsen. .¦ , .
• Stmr Redwood City. Hansen, Bowena Land-
Ins- . ,
Stmr Aberdeen, Higgtni. ' Astoria and Port
land.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
TACOMA— Arrived Mary 28— Bark General
Roberts, from Seattle.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived May 23— Schr
Frank W Rove, from Mauritius.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed May 2S— Schr
Henry Wilson, for San Francisco.
, > , FOREIGN PORT.
VICTORIA, 'B C— Arrived' May 28— Stmr
Queen City, from Alaska; bark Star of Bengal,
from I" In iiiiiliiini 1 »>*t|iM«*M»«ifiqitji<iMi »^|H
Sailed May 28— Schr King Cyrus, .for Aus
tralia.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
LIVERPOOL— Sailed May 28— Stmr Scan
dinavian, for New York; stmr Germanic, for
New York, via Queenstown; stmr Noordland,
for Philadelphia, via Queenstown.
NEW. YORK— Arrived May 28— Stmr Majes
tic, from Liverpool and Queenstown.
HONGKONG— Arrived prior to May 28—
Stmr Emnresa of China. . from Vancouver, via
Yokohama, Nagasaki, Shanghai, e\.
Win the Opportunity Afforded by
. Hochstadter Bequest to Attend
COLORED GIRLS STJBFASS ,
BOYS IN EXAMI2TATIO2T
Miss Lulu E. McCloskey (owner) with Ches
ley & Durnford (contractors), architect Edward
J. Vogel — Carpenter work, plumbing and paint
ing for a 2-story frame building: on lot. on W
line of 'Ashbury street, 57:6 N of Halght, N
25 by W 100: $7725. S
L. D. Batchelor (owner) with Matrer Bros,
(contractors). Dlans. by owner — All work for
a one-story frame building on lot on Folsom
street 50 -N of Eighteenth; $2500. .
Walter M. Cary (owner) with A. J. Kraemer
& Co. (contractors), plans by owner — Balance of
concrete and cfarpenter work, including hard
¦ ware, ¦ lathlny, plastering and tinning for alter
ations and: additions to a 2-story frame build
ing on lot on NE corner of Post' and Gougrh
streets; ?1S65. . ¦ ¦ - ' ¦
• . San Francisco. Gas and Electric - Company,
corporation (owner) with. A. Jackson (con
tractor, M. J. Lyon architect — All work for a
1-story brick and frame building (sub-station
•and power house) on oortlon of lot on N Hie
of Fern avenue. » 200 E of Polk, E 23 by N
120; 51824. .
Builders' Contracts.
F. B. and Virginia E. Wilson to Henrietta or
Etta Mason,- Interest in estate of George I
Mason: $100
Solomon and Emma Ducas to S. Ducas Com
pany (corporation), lot 7, black 387, South San
Francisco Homestead and Railroad Association;
also being lot 9, block F. Haley Purchase: also
being lots 7 and 8, block 22, Excelsior Home
stead Association; also lot on NE line of Sev
enteenth avenue South. 225 ! NW of K street,
NW.75 by NE 100. lot 13. block 328. South San
Francisco Homestead and Railroad Association
$10. . .'-..-.
Charles and Annie Goldstein* I to Goodman
and Rosie Bradf sky. let on E line of Ware
street, 75 S of Paul avenue. S 125. by E 100.
lots 28 to 32, block 6, Garden Tract; $10.
Daniel E. Saunders to Elizabeth Romer, lot
18, block 46. Excelsior Homestead; $10.
.Louts and Nellie Greenblatt to Joseph and
Rachel Rheingold, lot on W line of Wheat
street,. 200 S of Paul avenue, S 25 by W 100,
lot 16, block 6. Garden Tract Homestead Addi
tion; $10.
Eric J. and Marie Larsson to Bertha Peter
son (wife of Peter F-), lot on W line of Ver
mont street, 100 S of Twenty-third. S 25 by
W 100; $10. " .
. PetBr O'Connor to Helena Rakofsky, lot on
SW line of Russ street, 160 SE of Howard, SE
25 by SW 100; $10.
James. A. Pickering to Lavlnla E. Coleman,
let on N line of Folsom street, 275 W of Fifth,
W 25. by N 85; $10. .
Sisters of Mercy . (corporation) and Mary
Martin to, John Demartlnl. lot on NE line of
Fourth street, 80 SE of Folsom.SE 40 by NE
57:6; $10. • -
Louis Thron to Ida L. Hopkins (wife Of Ber
tram), lot on S line of Greenwich street, 87 :C
E of Larkin, E 25 by S 137:6; gift.
Ella M. K. Hall and Henrietta G. Wads worth
to Frank J. Devlin, lot on NE corner of Bush
street and Chatham . place, N 70 by E 60;
$35,000.
Julia H. 'Walter* to John Rosenfeld' s Sons
(corporation), lot on NE corner of Sansome and
Pacific streets. N 137:6 by E 68:9; also all In
terest in beach and water lots 36, 37 to 39; $10.
¦ Anna Scammon to Mary C. and Caroline
Horhn, lot on S line of Valley street, 101:9 W
of Diamond,! W 50:11 by S 114; $10.
. Charles and Minnie Stevens , to D. B. Rich
ards, lot on E line of Castro street, 101:6 N
of Elizabeth. N 25 by E 105; $10.
Pacific States Savings, Loan and Building
Company to Thomas and Georgle McLaughlln,
lot on S line of Clipper street. 220 W of San
chez, w 24:6 by S 114; $2100.
Julia McSweeney ¦ (widow) to Mary L.
Sweeney (single), lot on W line of Sanchez
street, 52 S of Thirteenth, S 24 by W 80; $10.
Margaret James (alias Maggie | James) to
Dora Williams, lot on E line of Mission street,
300 N of Seventeenth, N 125 by E 105; $10.
Moise L. and Berthe Wolff to A. Ifeunlsch,
lot on W line of Baker street, 55 N of Hayes,
N 27:6 by W 121:10%; $10.
Laura H. Blake to Maria J. Lighthipe (wife
of James A.), lot on W line of Baker street,
50 S of Fulton, S 25 by W 100; $10.
- E. H. and Abbie J. Winchester to Charles
Main, lot on NW corner Ellis and Fillmore
streets, W 275 by N 137:6; also lot on SE cor
ner OTarrell and Stelner streets. E 137:8 by
S 137 :«; $10.
Charles Main to E-.t-H. Winchester, lot on
NE corner of Ellis and Steiner streets, E 137:0
by N 137:6; also lot on SW corner O'Farrell
and Fillmore. streets, W 275 by S 137:6; $10.
¦ Ellen Magrace (widow) to Henry E. Bothin,
lot on N line of Lombard street, 137:6 W of
Webster, W 55 by N 137 :C; $10.
WEDNESDAY, MAY 28.
BEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Notice to Passengers.
Round tri;> transfer tickets now on sale
at any of our offices. One trunk (round
trip) 50 cents. Morton Special Delivery.
408 Taylor street, 650 Market street and
Oakland ferry depot. *,
The'case decided. was an appeal from a
judgment entered upon a demurrer to the
complaint filed by the depositors. The
demurrer is overruled and the suit must
now go on in . the regular way or be
dropped by the directors, which latter ac
tion Is quite possible In view of the opin
ion of the Supreme Court on the principal
pcint of the dispute.
As a result of a decision of the Supreme
Court rendered yesterday it is probable
that the board of directors of the defunct
Savings Bank of San Diego County Will
have to pay to depositors the sum. of
$127,570 25, which amount Is alleged to
have been misappropriated by Howard
and Mabury, two of the directors. It is
stated that the money was I wrongfully
applied in behalf of the Consolidated Sav
ings Bank. '
The point in dispute was whether the
constitutional law, which makes bank di
rectors liable for the embezzlements of
their officials, applied in the case at bar.
The Supreme Court holds that the funds
in question were used for an unauthorized
purpose and that the directors are really
as. responsible as if there had been a case
of. direct embezzlement.
priation of Funds Is Equivalent
to Embezzlement.
SAVINGS BAiNK XOSES
A MOMENTOUS LAWSTHT
Supreme Court Holds That Misappro-
T. O'Brien, secretary of the . Memorial
day celebration, has issued a request that
all who are to take part in the parade
will assemble with their several organi
zations in the vicinity of the Palace Hotel
at the hour named for the start.
The naval vessels, following a very
beautiful custom,' will strew flowers over
the bay on Decoration day, a tribute to
the dead heroes who lost their lives serv
ing their country.
The First Regiment of Infantry, Second
Brigade. National Guard of, ¦ California,
will act as .part of the escort to the
Grand Army 1 of the Republic on Decora
tion day. The field and staff, non-com
missioned staff, band, sanitary corps and
Companies A, B, C, D, E, F, G and H will
report to Lieutenant John J. "West at the
regimental armory at 8:45. The regulars
from the Presidio will report to the grand
marshal at 8:30. ;
The band and battalion of the Seventh
Infantry, Major E. E. Hardin command-
Ing, will escort George H. Thomas Post,
G. A. R., to the Presidio Cemetery. The
First Battery of Field Artillery will fire
the salute at Odd Fellow3' Cemetery, and
the Twenty-fourth Battery of Field Ar
tillery will fire the salute at the Presidio
Cemetery.
Third band of the Artillery Corps, battalion
of foot artillery, made up of the Twenty-eighth.
Twenty-ninth, Ninety-second and One Hundred
and Fifth companies of Coast Artillery. Major
C. W. Hofabs commanding; battalion of Field
Artillery, consisting of the Fifth and Eight
eenth batteries. Captain D- J. Kuxnbaugh in
command.
Most of the troops now on duty at the
Presidio will take part in the Decoration
day parade. The artillery, under com
mand of Lieutenant Colonel G. S. Grimes,
will march as follows: <r
TROOPS TO TAKE PAST.
The Exempts, who boast being 340 active
members, Claua Spreckels, John J. Gull
foyle, A. J. Jessup, William Alvord. ex-
Chief Lees and others, never fail to re
member the heroes when "they ran with
the old machine."
A detail will proceed to the Masonio
.Cemetery and place flowers on the graves
of Benjamin H. Freeman, first president
of the Fire Commission, an exempt from.
California No. 4, and other firemen.
At Odd Fellows' Cemetery lie the re
mains of ex- Assistant Engineer and Secre
tary of Exempt Fire Company George W.
CorbelL The members of Howard Engine
Company No. 3 will see- that the graves
of the late Park Commissioner, Joe Aus
tin, the last: assistant foreman of tha
company; Gran Whitney, Abe Slayback
and C. M. Whitney are not forgotten.
The survivors of Vigilant No. 9 will not
neglect the grave of ex-Captain of Police
John Short, nor will Monumental Engine
Company No. 6 forget J. L. Durkee'rf
grave*
some years ago in discharge of his
After the flowers have been laid on tha
tnany graves, details will be told off to
specially, strew with flowers th© graves
ot brave Henry O'Neill and Tim. Hanley,
who. lost their lives in discharge of their
duty;. Chiefs George H. Hossefross, the
founder of Monumental Engine Company
No. 6, and Charles P. Duane of Manhat
tan Engine Company No. 2 and Mat
Brady, assistant chief, who was killed
SPECIAL DECORATION*.
Among the heroes buried there are
Chiefs Fred D. Kohler, David Scannell
and F. E. R. Whitney. In other sections
of the great plat, which is ever kept green
by the Exempt Fire Company and Vet
eran Firemen, are the graves, of H. D.
Claffey, first foreman of No. S hoss;
Fred. Roscamp, first foreman of hook and
ladder No. 1; Jere J. Kelly, first foreman
of No. 2 engine; Captain James Riley, as
sistant chief engineer; W. D. L. Hall, first
foreman of Monumental Engine Company
No. 6, and others.
The Veteran Fireman's Association has
passed resolutions to assemble on Decora
tion day at the firemen's plat In Laurel
Hill Cemetery, where lie the remains of
hundreds of members of the old Volunteer
Fire Department, as well as the early
members of the present department who
were members of that great fire-fighting
force from 1830 to 1866.
The Memorial day committee, desiring
to have a goodly supply of cut flowers for
decorating the graves of the nation's sol
diers, makes a second appeal to the pub
lic to leave flowers to-day at lower Met'
ropolitan Hall, Jessie street entrance, aa
early ¦ as possible. These flowers will be
received by members of the "Women's Re
lief Corps, the Ladies of the Grand Army
and the Ladles' Auxiliary and the Veter
ans of the Spanish "War, who have kindly
volunteered to prepare the flowers for
distribution. The increase in the number
of graves in the National Cemetery. Pre
sidio, has been so extraordinary that a
much larger quantity of flowers 13 needed
this year- than ever before.
Organizations and Troops to
Participate in the
> Parade.
Arrangements for Decor
ation Day Completed
by Committee.
FLORAL TOKENS
FOR THE DEAD
THE SAN FRANCISCO^ CALL, THURSDAY, MAY; 29; 1902;
13
ROOai8.;jFOR :HOUSEKEEPiyG-^-Con.
POWELLj 722— 2.-, furnished "rooms for house-
keeping;.- private family; . references ex-
changed.'-' .; .'• ¦ ': : .*."•'.-¦" .."•' . -¦¦-.
STOCKTON, 1206 — Model* house, newly , fur-
nished; free gas, bath;' housekeeping; $10-$12.
THREE sunny : furnished > rooms for •¦ house-
keeping; no children. Box 496. Call office.
TURK, 545— 2 furnished front rooms for' house-
keeplng; gas, bath and phone. .......
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 FlUmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 100U Va-
lencla st. - -
HO O.MS TO LET — Fnrn. and Unfarn.
ANGELUS. . . ; Open June 1
New fireproof, brick building; DO elegantly
furnished rooms and suites; marine view.
530 Stockton St.. bet Bush and Fine.
ARGYLE Hotel, 234 McAllister— New, elegant,
. sunny;- 75c day upward; McAllister cars to
door; handsomest grill room In . California.
A—^BRUNSWICK House, 148 Sixth — Rooms.
25c to $1 per. night ;'$1. 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all, night.
ALL choice r.eat sunny, suites or singles; day,
week or month; bath; phone.. 332 Stockton.
BURNETT, 1426 Market (old No. 1304)— Fur-
nished rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. " Mason— Eleganfly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
COMPLETELY furnished offices and rooms at
318 Kearny st. ; rent reasonable.
EDDY, 207— Newly furnished front rooms, $1 50
to $5 per week. ' - : i <v\ '¦
ELLIS, 321 (Mozart) — Nicely furn. rooms. : 35c.
. $1 60 night; $1 50, $0 week; open all night.
GEARY,. 405 (The NaVarre) — Elegantly furnish-
ed suites and single; travelers accommodated.
Grand' Southern, /7th &• Mission — Rooms 35c to
$1 50 night; $1 75 to $5 week; reading room.
GEART.' 85S— New house; beautifully furnished
apartments; single or en suite; strictly first-
claeg. ;. ¦ ' a
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 847— Single front room,
opposite park; furnished; references required.
HOWARD, 870 — Large sunny room suitable for
tailor; rent 'reasonable. - .. _
HYDE. 108— Sunny basement 6uite; rear; yard,
. laundry, gas stove; $13; also large single rm.
JESSIE, 363, near Fifth and Market — Fur-
nlahed- rooms.- $4, $5 and' $tf per month.- •
LARKIN, 804 — Sunny front room for gents; $5
And $7; large housekeeping^room, $7.
KBAiyjy, 104— Front suite two unfurnished
¦ rooms, $10; 4 rooms. $18; no children. .
MAGNIFICENTLY furnished room in new pri-
vate residence, near Junction Union and F11I-
. more car lines; bath; phone, gas. Phono
Stelner. 2379. -.,. . .". ' -
MINNA, 067.' corner Eighth — Newly furnished
• bay- window; room. $1 per week; transient.
NATOMA. 217 — Neat sunny front room for two
respectable workingmen: reasonable price.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; eleo. lights; day; week, mo.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis — Incandescent light,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor: rooms, per night, 35c to $1 50; week, $2
to $8; month, $8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth st..
near-Market — Furnished; also 3 unfurnished.
STEINER, 1325. cor. Ellis— 2 large sunny
rooms; piano, gas stove, etc.; $18 per month.
SUTTER. 717 — Nicely furnished sunny room
•¦• with bath. -.- ¦ - • '. . • -
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch -office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office 'for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1090
Valencia st. ._ . '•
. ROOMS AND DOARD.
T^iiE^2cAiui!in3TER7 S 5oT^
opened; elegantly furnished suite or- single
rooms, with or without bath; excellent' table;
references^ .
CORBIN, The, 836 Sutter St., corner Leaven-
v/orth — Nicely furnished rooms'; single and
suites; all sunny; table first class. '.
CALIFORNIA, 807 (Stevenson Manslon)-^Select
family hotel; exceptional table; popular rates.
LAMBOURNE. 420 Eddy— High-class house;
furnished suites or single; steam heat. ' •¦ •
BUXNY furnished rooms and board; . home
cooking. ' 802 EIUb st.. near Polk.
"HEATH," 312 Eddy St.— Select family hotel;
exceptional table; popular prices. ,/
VAN NESS,-, 519— Handsome- furnished sunny
suites; single rooms; first-class table board'.
IRVINGDALE. 626 Eddy— Sunny rooms, en
suite, or "single; good table; reasonable..
CHEAPEST and best in America — The ', Weekly
I Call. 10 pagea, ; sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
nnrtago mill. . '. ' '¦;
ROOMS AXD BOARD XV ANTED.
WANTED — Board and room for lady's new bl-^"
cycle suit; divided. Box 511. Call office.
.SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
, CO.. 415 . Montgomery, rooms 9-10; tel. 5580.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
palrlng; lowest rates. Tel. Green 144. 205 4th.
ALXi kinds bought; sold, rented, ex.; repairing
..lowest rates; phone Howard 3264. 145 Sixth.
STORAGES AND WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODoTp^r^tm^r&^doTmTcoTToN
flcei poet and Powell sts. ; tel. Prlv. Ex. 571.
GOLDEN WEST Storage: advances made; 840
¦ Mission St.; tel. Howard 941. , F. : W. Zehfuss.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 630 Market St.;
tel. Main 1840; shipping at- cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage ana Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore st. ; phone Jackson 281.
TYPEWRITERS AND SU PPLIE S.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS^We
cell better machines for less money than any
house In the city; rentals $3. The Typewriter
Exchange, 530 California; telephone Main 266.
2D-HAND typewriters sold; rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriter Inspec- Co.,209 Sansome.
TYPEWRITING «fc MIMEOGRAPHING.
EXPERT typewriting, 4c folio; copies, 2c;mim-
eographlng. 927 Markt. rm.305; Howard 1539.
.; .VITAOPATHY.
DO you suffer from rheumatism or any kindred
allmentsor trouble of any kind? Try "Vlta-
opatny." IVAN MCLAUGHLIN, 1104 Mar-
ket, rooms 11 & 12: free treatment Wednes.
. LEGAL ¦ ADVERTISEMENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO. Cal., May 21, 1902:' Notice
— A« to-day the pool expires on all promoters'
' stock In THE BALSAM MINING & MILL-
ING CO., the public Is hereby warned against
purchasing any etock claimed to be owned
by one A. A. NICKERSON JR. Any one
purchasing such stock, do so at their own
risk, as said A. A. NICKERSON JR. is not
. entitled to i any stock In said company. By
order of the board of directors of the Balsam
Mining &: Milling Co. :•¦ . . ¦ - .
'. S. F. BULLARD. President.
M. H. RODMAN. Secretary pro tem. .
V MARBIAGE LICENCES.
The following marrlaKe licenses were issued
yesterday:" '.-¦•* '•'¦.
Henry F. Wilson, 41. Santa Rosa, and Myr r
tie Selvage, 29, Santa Rosa. - ;
F. EUla Miller, 26, 330 Eddy street, and
Nettie M. -Adamson, 27, .611 Taylor street.
.Fred C. White, 25, . Fort Bragg, and Jo-
sephine L. Morrow, 22, Fort Bragg.
Charles F. Cramer, 23, Point. Richmond, and
Mildred A. Dawzy, IS, 1 Ppint Richmond.
Louis Casassa, 23. Santa Rosa,, and Amelia
A. Gatto. 22. 2738 California street. ., [
liRTHS-IAREIAGES-DEATHS,
¦• I •-¦- :¦¦¦ k ¦ — : — : ¦*•. ¦.¦'"'¦¦'. • ••¦
Birth, 'marriage' and death -notices sent by
mail will not be -inserted. They must be handed
in at-, either of" the publication ; offices and . be
Indorsed' with the' name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published, fj
GEIRRINE— In this" city ,• May 26, . 1902, to the
wife of MarkP.Gelrrine, a son.. ., ,--¦..-.
WALKUP— In this city, ' May 20, 1902, to the
.,' wife -of Ward B. Walkup,' a daughter.'
'.:. .;;:/.'>-;^".-; : ;iiAa,]BtiBD:.:. i; : .\ ;-. ;v.
McCONNELLr— AZEVEDO-^In . this city, May
• 25", 1002. by the ' Rev. ; J. : Fuendellng, John
McConnell and Minnie : Azevedo.' ', . •._-. ¦
MUNZENMAIflR— HUSSEY— In this city, May
i 24. 1002, by : the Rev. : J. ' Fuendeling, Fred-
•; erlck Munzenmaier 'and Charlotte Hussey. •
VAN' PELT— BEND--in; this city," May' S 21
1902, 1 . by , the. Rev. IE.* P."; Dempsey, Frank
'. .Tuner Van. Pert and MaryJHta Bender, both
. of San - Francisco. ••¦• * ¦/•¦.. :; ' • .
.WELKE-^-PFU^DT— In this" city. May >22
:' 1902, by the 1 Rev.- J. '¦ Fuendeling, August
Welke and Louise Pfundt.^ ; . .-
CRAM'S SUPERIOR ATL&S,
A car-load of Call Superior
Atlases has arrived and they
are bow -ready, for distribu-
tion. All Robscrlberi to The
Call are entitled to a copy of •:
tliia sr en t book at the prem-
ium rate of $1 60. ' Out ¦ ot
town subscribers desiring m'
copy of this splendid prem-
ium will be supplied on re- ,
'eelyt 1 of . $1 -50. " All '. mall
order» ; will be shipped by ex-
preM at subscriber's expense' -
MOJVEY TO LOAN.
HERMAN MURPHYT^T^b^ExamineT^bidg
$4,500,000 at less than bank rates
LOANS MADE
On first and second mortgages
Life interests in estates
Property being held in trust
Undivided Interests in real estate
vV" Estates In probate — Legacies
Jf Assignment of rents
1' Life insurance policies.........
..Financial problems of all sorts and sizes.
If you need money
See HERMAN MCBPHY. .....""'
<>01-C02 Examiner building
A — R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery St., room 3.
Loans a«y amount at lowest rates.
D<$U direct with lender.
On first mortgages. |
On second mortgages.
On third mortgages.
On undivided Interests in real estate
On estates in probate. • •
. On legacies
NO DELAY.
Telephone Main 5516.
R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery et.. room 3.
AA— MANHATTAN LOAN CO. (Inc.).
?.":00,000 at 5 J 4 and C per cent in eums to suit;
City. Oakland. Town and Country Property:
:s«.cond mortgages, life Insurance and securi-
ties; loans on unsettled estates, undivided In-
terests in real estate and legacies; will pur-
chase above securities. MANHATTAN LOAN
CO.. CROCKER BUILDING.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second and third mortgages, estates In pro-
bate, interest in estates, legacies,, undivided
interests, securities, manufacturing" and mer-
cantile interests, corporation loans. Room 16,
1st floor. Chronicle big. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
RENTERS' LOAN AND TRUST COMPANY.
Safe Deposit bldg.. 328 Montgomery st..
Will make loans on real estate.
Low rate of interest.
Long or ehcrt term.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry, at
~» -west rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 840
T Market Et. ; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third.
MUNICIPAL Lean Office. 103 Grant ave., near
Geary Et.; phone Red 1C03.-
OX real estate, 1st or 2nd mortgages and on
furniture or pianos: no removal: any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER. 2H Geary Et.. room 36.
$10 TO $100 loaned salaried people without se-
curity; quietly, quickly, confidentially; lowest
rates; easy payments. Drake, 453 Parrott big.
LOANS on furniture or piano without removal;
any amount; lowest rate: poods in warehouse;
cor.fider.tial. ORMSBY. -0 Montgomery Bt.
A PRIVATE party loans any amount on furni-
ture, pianos: no removal: low rates: confiden-
tial. WHITEHEAD (Wilson's), 1710 Market.
6. F. DISCOUNT AGENCY— Loans to salaried
people on their note.
THE TOUSLE Y CO ...143 Phelan bids.
OX furniture, piancs; no removal ; money quick;
lowest interest; easy terms; no brokerage;
reliable party. 1170 Market Et.. room CS.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by private
party; no removal; no commission; confiden-.
tial. Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
ELFVIXG, C1C Examiner big.; loans on pianos,
furniture, etc.. at 2 per cent without removal;
no brokerage charged: confidential; open eves.
PRIVATE party loans $10 up on pianos, furn.,
•without removal; confiden. 9-'i5 Market, r. 3.
OX furniture, pianos: lowest rate: no removal;
strictly private. E.W.LICK, 11G McAllister st.
Z^ir OX furniture & pianos; $15 up: no remo\-al.
Phone Black 1700; room PI. « Eddy, floor 4.
Money loarpd sa!sricd ptople without security.
HILL. r. 44. Merchants' Exc.. 431 California.
ONE per cent on furniture: $5 a month on each
j $l(iOfi; any security. o02 Montgomery St.. r. 1.
r CASH loaned salaried people on note without
indorser. MCRKELL, <X» Examiner bldg.
LOANS money on salary; no indorsev: Eastern
V-'.ar.. TVc-siern Loan Co., 50a Phelan bldg. .
3ILSICAL IXSTRLMEXTS.
AS there are many makes of pianos on the
market, you must remember there Is but
ONE HEINE, and in order to make room
for the 10 carloads now en route we will
offer the fcllowing bargains:
3 Eteinway $93 to $2S0
2 Knabe : $85 to S110
3 Weber $65 to $150
5 Hallet & Davis $83 to $1C5
2 Fischer $75 to *155
1 Bourne $40
3 Haynes $235
1 Kittle $2S5
They all must go; easy payments if desired.
HEINE PIAXO CO..
2 Heine. Hall, 235-237 Geary gt.
ALTHOUGH many seemingly advantageous
propositions are offered in the way of prices
end terms uyon pianos, please bear in mind
that we can not only duplicate them, but can 1
offer exceptionally fine pianos and largest ]
assortment of best makes to choose, from, j
SHERMAX, CLAY & CO.. Steinway dealers.
ccr. Kearr.y and Sutter sts., S. F. ; Broad-
"ay and Thirteenth ste., Oakland.
ATTEXTIOX. BARGAIX-HUXTERS!
Peccnd-hand upright pianos from $30 up.
Second hand square pianos from $30 up.
Fecond-hand organs from $25 up; new up-
right pianos from $175 up. BENJ. CURTAZ
6 SON, US to 20 O'Farrell Ft.; Checkering,
Mascn & Hamlin, Vose. Sterling pianos.
DURING this week we Pan supply, while thev
l«Ft. squares from $25 upward: uprights from
$125 ui>v.ard. In new instrument* we can
sell you fine Wissners or Baumeisters. Pa>-
reerts if you desire. THE ZENO MA.UVAIS
MUSIC CO.. 7C9 Market st.
. ANY riano sold by us taken back any time
within 2 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe at regular
. ..-price; costs you only 20c a day to buy a
piano from us. KOHLER & CHASE. 30
O'Farrell st.; established 1850.
/j:r/i__rPRIGHT piano; cost $400; for sale on
5a installments. 1300 Gough'st.. near Geary.
V'-O— ELEGANT large size Fischer upright.
JOS. SCHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister st.
CELL privately, your own price, superb cabinet
grand upright piano; leaving city. 933 Pest.
YOU may want a piano for rent. ECOTT-
CURTAZ PIAXO CO.. 500 Hayes Et.
THE WILEY B. ALLEX CO.. 931 Market St.—
Steck. Everett, Lud wig and other good pianos.
BEAUTIFUL upright Fischer piano; must be
sold at or.ee. Room 2, 237 Geary st.
A FIXE Steinwpy upright, left on sale; no
reasonable offer refused. 235-237 Geary St.
ENAP— 2 only. new. $450: high-grade uprights.
Cropped from catalogue,$250. Bruenn,20SPost.
BYROX MAUZY. 30S-310-312 Poet St.; Sohmer
-__ and other pianos and pipe organs.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new] H~.
MI'LLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AMJ STORES TO LET.
6TORE, 30x3O, fronting on Xatoma st.. bet.
Fremont and First, with good dry elevator
basement 4"x90. Inquire 143 First et.
PALJIISTRY. — —
MME. G. L. XEERGAARD reads 1 to 4. 700
Post St.. corner of Jones; phone Polk 837.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist 515
Taylor st.. bet. Goary and Post; tel. Black 561.
PERSOXALS. -.
VIAVI has been manufactured for over fifteen
years: it cured hun<3r,pds of ailing women in
its first year and has cured thousands of sut-
ferers every year eince; booklet tor mothers
and daughters mailed tree. The Viavi Co..
23U4-C-8 Van Xess ave.; phone East 282. San
Francisco.
AX elegant line x>l remnants for suits to order.
$15; with these suits we make an extra pair
of pants free of charge; other suiu on install-
ment*. $1 weekly. L. LEMOS. 1117 Market
Et., between Seventh and Eighth.
SPECIAL CREDIT STORE — Complete outfit
$1 week; ladies' tailor made cults, skirts
Ehirtualets. trimmed hats; gents' and boys'
W euiu, overcoats, hats; call, open account at
\ our new store. C. F. ADAMS CO.. 318 Mason.
MRS. E. R. DUXLAP. 34 TCearny st.— Re-
opened; hair and scalp parlors; hair dressing
manicuring, facial rsassag*; skilled ehlropo-
dy; advanced foot treatment taught.
ELECTRIC light in every room— Winchester
Hctel, 44 Third et., neat Market; 700 rooms
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
tree 'bus and baggage to and from th«» ferry.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenllle-wove rugs, eilk portieres; dealer In
* carpet twine. In hank or chain, at lowest
rates. Geo. Matthews, 703 Fifth, Oakland.
A— WHAT do you think* O. BERMAN, 43
Ellis, makes colored shirts to order; $1 eacn;
same as white shirts; selection 300 patterns.'
DItUXKEXXESS. morphine and all drug dls-
«u&es j-oeitively cured by The Willow Bark
Co.. IKZt Polk St., S. F. ; consultation free.
HAIR dressing, any style, 25c; shampooing
50c; manicuring, 25c; switches, wigs and
front pieces. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton st.
WHITE enamel iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. *2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTINci
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton st., near Broadway.
EEXSATIOXAL — Book for men; amusing, mys-
tifying, instructive. Two cents for postage se-
cures one. Williams & Co., 140 Geary st., S.F.
ENGINEERS and railroad rnea can find Car-
hartt's unlon-mnde overalls at SUMMER-
:. FIKLD & ROMAN'S. Fifth and Market gtii.
Schedule Memorandum. Vol 2
' history crsatest rame ever played; 10c post-
pald. S. B. CHURCH, S07 Sansome St., «6. F.
KOW ready — June etyles Standard Patterns;
ill the newest designs for cummer goods, j.
W. EVAXS, 1021 Market St., near Sixth.
PEUSOXALS— Continued. , ,
AT less than cost, uncalled-for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS', London
tailor. 721 Market st. . •¦ - .
MONEY loaned at low Interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. KESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
LIQUOR habit — A new, safe and sure cure can
be given without knowledge of patient. Ad-
dress P. O. box 552. San Jose,- Cal.
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st.. near Pine.
FINE SUITS. $10; dress pants, $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS, 437 Montgomery Bt.
A — If your hair Is falling or you are bald. call on
Dr.G.S.Mcore.332 O'Farrell; send for circulai.
SUPERFLUOUS hair, moles, etc. permanently
removed, electric needle. Mrs. Cook. 426 Sutter.
SPANISH lessons and translations. 513 Mc-
Alllstcr st. '-.
RUPTURE cured: no operation, oaln or lost
time. Fidelity Rupture Cure. 26& Kearny.
TAILOR-MADE suits, $7 60; dress pants, $2 50.
Misfit Clothlncr Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
SUPERFLUOUS ihair and molea destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter st.
ELKCTRIC needle specialist; superfluous hair
and moles destroyed. Mrs.H.Eaton.427 Sutter.
Mrs. Briggs — Superfluous hair, moles destroyed
by electricity. 1719 Buchanan; tel. West 259.
Masquerade costumeSiat H. Anderson's, theat-
rtcal cpstumer. '. 26 O'Farrell; country orders.
Electric & electric light baths, massage, hot air
treatment for rheutnatism.etc. 233 Geary,r.l!7.
SUPERFLUOUS 'hair and moles removed by
electric. nydle.Dr.&Mrs.Traverse,1170Market.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores eray
hair to Its natural color; $1; at all drugglsU.'.
ONE MINUTE TOOTHACHE DROPS CURE
Instantly; 10j and 25c All druggists.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
DR. LAMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINT, the
test corn cure. 25c; all druggists.
rHYSICIAJVS AXD SIT RGEOXS.
RUPTURE and piles cured; no pay until cured;
no operation; no detention from business; all I
private diseases treated successfully; consul-
tatlon free. Drs. Forden &. Porterfleld. « Turk.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL — Office and residence.
1021% Market st.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
Cataracts cured by absorption; rectal" diseases
without operation. Dr. Ball. 1073VJ Market.
PROPOSALS.
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA. Berkeley
Notice to Contractors, Builders and Material
Men: Notice Is hereby given to all con-
cerned that sealed proposals or bidi are
solicited for performing the labor and fur-
nishing the materials necessary to the erec-
tion of an addition to the Bacon Art Gallery
and Library bulldine on the grounds of the
University of California at Berkeley.' Ala-
meda County, California, and said bids or
proposals will be received at the office of the
Board of Regents, South Hail, Berkeley, at
or before 12 o'clock m. of the 6th day of
June, 1902. And notice is hereby further
given that the plans and specifications of
fald building have been made and adopted
and are placed In above-named office, where
the same may be seen and examined during
each day from 9 o'clock a. m. until 4 o'clock
p. m. from this date until said (5th day of
June. 1902. . No bids or ' proposals will be |
considered unless the same are accompanied
by a certified check or a -bond of said pro-
ptser eaual to ten (10) cer cent of his pro-
posal, with sufficient sureties, conditioned
that if-taid bid or oroposal shall be accepted
•the party proposing will duly enter Into a
proper contract to faithfully Derform the
duty and obligations in accordance . with said
proposal, and clans and specifications, which
ehall be and are hereby required to be a part
of such contract. The right to reject any
and all bids is hereby reserved. ' .
This notice Is given pursuant to an act en-
titled. "An act to amend an act entitled.
'An act to create and organize the University
of California.' approved March 25, 1S68, and
an act amendatory of section -25 thereof, ap-
proved March 2S, 1872. relating to the con-
struction of buildings.'' approved- March 3,
1897.
By order of the Committee on Grounds and
i Buildings of the Board of Regents!
. W. A. McKOWEN. Acting Secretary.
j SH-^^JgST^^E^^ITY— *^2 R^SALE.
SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st.. opp. Kearny,
Real Estate Agents and Rent Collectors.
SELECTED BARGAINS.
$67.500 — Brick building, stores and offices; lot
70x108; two frontage?: rents $575. ¦
I $50,000 — O'Farrell-st. corner; inside of Larkin:
; 70x77:6; rents $285; mortgage. $24,000
i can remain. -. - •
$35,000 — McAlllster-st. corner; 85x98; good lm-
1 provements; rents $220; east of La-
I g-una. ,
! $35,000 — Sansome-st.. corner ; 70x130; rents $257.
&i0,000 — Fine business corner: 3 stores and 6
flats; building cost $25,000; lot UH:0x
71: rents $2450 per year.
$30,000 — Geary St.. nr. Jones; fine improve-
ments; rents' $1S5.
$25,000—70x100 feet and residence of 21 rooms;
opposite plaza; suitable for sanitarium
or hotel. - ....
?22,."C0 — North Beach gore corner; 75x110;
stores and flats: rent $215. • • • •
$20,500 — O"Farrell-ft. Investment; cast oft
Leavenworth; lot 34:4x137:6; fine site j
for apartment or lodging-house.
i $18,000 — Ellis St., near Larkin; "2 frontages;
rents $140.
$18,000 — Sansome-st. investment; 45-foot front-
age; want offer.
$12,500 — Three new flats; close to Park Pan-
handle; rents $112 50.
$9,300— Rents $103; lot 50x80; down-town in-
vestment. '
$5,500 — Geary-st. corner; 62 feet frontage; half
of property Improved; a cheap buy.
$2,500 — 6 flats; rents $581; 1 ',2 blocks from Ht-
bc-rnla Bank.
SPECK & CO.. G67 Market st.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
No one can beat our offerings.
$500 to $1000— Graded Sunset lots; $10
monthly. .1 I
$100 1 to $450— Ocean Boulevard lots; $9
monthly. t
$400 to $800— Richmond, lwts; all bargains.
Sunset Branch Of flee — Ninth ave., near H st.
$150 AND- $250 EAClL " .
Don't miss seeing our Excelsior Homestead
lots; near Mlsslon-st, electric cars.
Level; no grading; Spring Valley water.
Ride to corner Mission et. and China or
Brazil aves.
$1000, $1500 to $3000 — Modern cottages; best
locations; all bargains; easy terms.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER,
Room 54,' Chronicle building. -
A. E. BUCKINGHAM REAL ESTATE
26 Montgomery et., room 11.
Rents collected ; full charge taken of properly.
$43,500 — Cor. 50-vara; Turk: 3 frontages; fine
location for apartment house, flats, etc.
$50,000 — Fine;- Turk st.: 87 :C; corner, near
Market; (rood buy.
$10.000 — Webster, nr. Washington; 50-ft. front;
suitable for physician.
$10,000 — 3 Eunny new 7-room flats, near Golden
Gate Park; grand view; rents $105.
$2,375 — Cheap; north side Clay »t.. near Lyon;
fine adjoining lot. 27:Gxl00. for $3000
• HOUSES — SUNSET HEIGHTS— LOTS.
-Installmer^s; Eleventh ave.. H and Z sts., nr.
entrance Park music stand; cars pass property.
A. E. BUCKINGHAM, 26 Montgomery, room
11. Branch office. Sunset, 1215 Ninth ave.
MOST up-tto-date houses In the city: if you are
looking for a swell residence or flats for In-
come, see the beautiful buildings I am Juki
completing on Union and Stelner sts.; 13
sold, only 3 left; large reception halls and
living rooms; brick mantels, hardwood floors,
marble stairs, fine plumbing; the finest colon-
ial houses In the city: also a residence of 0'
rooms; NW. corner Twenty-fifth, and Dia-
mond sts.: lot 35x80; price only $3700; also
good Income property. No. 4079 24th «t. ; great
snap; price $7000. For terms apply on prem-
ises or 26 Montgomery «.. room 8. S. A.
BORN, builder and dealer In real estate. jv»
$4350 — AT a sacrifice to prevent foreclosure;
Jot and 2 flats of 6 and 5 rooms; near corner
Twenty-flrst and treat ave.; this property
must be sold. Apply R. McCOLGAN. 24
Montgomery st.. room 3. ; .
REDUCED— SS250; house of 10 rooms: lot 48x
137:6: fine marine view. 1219 Filbert St.,
bet. Hyde and Larkin. )
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
1C pare*, in wrapper for mailing: t1 rwr v*ar. '
REAL ESTATE COUNTRY— For Swle
Jl— FOR 6 ALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO -
Small tracts. $60 to $90 per acre, on Rancho
. Cotati. Sonoma Co. ; future value assured, as
San Francisco is growing rapidly; location
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotati Co.. 302 California St., for
pamphlets and Information.
— — -
FARMS, ranches, city and suburban property
for sale and exchange ; unimproved ¦ lands in
large and small tracts In Alameda, San Joa-
. quln and other counties. Write for our print-
ed list. HEALEY & CARR, Realty and Mln-
lng Co., 713 Market, r. 400; tel. James 4121.
$650— SAN JOSE cottage, 5 rooms, barn; must
be sold for half its value. Address J. RUBEL
1209 Eagle ave.. . Alameda. . -4 • ;
Santa Clara Valley, San Jose and Peninsular
properties. • See WOOSTER, WHITTON &
MONTGOMERY, 634 Market, S. F.. & San J.
COLONY tracts, estates, ranches, ranges tim-
ber, mines. EMMONS & SON. Mills bldg. '
real estate — city--for.sat,b.
ejcecutorTsTsale . : .
EXECUTOR 1 S SALE .'
EXECUTOR'S SALE . .
EXECUTOR'S SALE .
EXECUTOR'S SALE .. ""
EXECUTOR'S SALE - ' v
EXECUTOR'S SALE
EXECUTOR'S SALE •
AT . AUCTION.
. AT AUCTION.
' AT AUCTION.
- AT .AUCTION.
f\->'< AT AUCTION.
BY ORDER OF THE
• EXECUTORS OF THE • . "
ESTATE OF
ADOLPH SUTRO, DECEASED.
THURSDAY, JUNE 5th, 1902,
AT 12 O'CLOCK NOON,
AT SALESROOM. 10 MONTGOMERY ST, :
. ASHBURY HEIGHTS.
I ASHBURY HEIGHTS.
-HB,H^K I OHT S .
197 MARINE VIEW LOTS
. FOR HOME SEEKERS.
, BARGAIN HUNTERS
\ . INVESTORS. •
MUST BE SOLD . " : .
TO PAY DEBTS.
SUBJECT ONLY TO ,
APPROVAL OF -
PROBATE
COURT. A •" .
THESE BEAUTIFUL
LOTS FRONT ON
ASHBURY. CLAYTON, !
SIXTEENTH ,STS. AND/
TREMONT AVE.
- LOOK OUT FOR
BARGAINS.
— — V
SAN MATEO ELECTRIC CARS ALONG
ASHBURY ST. PASS THE PROPERTY.
MASONIC AVE. AND HAIGHT ST.
LINES ONLY A FEW BLOCKS DISTANT.
UNSURPASSED .VIEW OF OCEAN.
PARK. GOLDEN GATE AND CITY. -
TERMS CASH.
- HIBERNIA BANK ' \
WILL LEND
ONE-HALF OF SELLING PRICE
TO BUYERS. ;.
DON'T FORGET THE DATE.
THURSDAYt
JUNE 5th, AT 12 O'CLOCK.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
. 10 MONTGOMERY ST.
$4000 — TO prevent foreclosure., at :a sacrifice;
lot 25x90; improvements two-story house , of
S rooms on Fillmore st.. near corner 'of
Halght.. Apply R. McCOLGAN, 24 Mont-
gomery st.. room 3.
$3250— TWO flats. Hyde et.. near Union; good
condition; rents $30. THE MCCARTHY CO
646 Market st. .
FOR sale — Fine sunny modern double flats of
5 and 6 rooms and bath; lot 25x122 ft.; 911
Treat ave.. near 22d Ft. Call 152T Howard.
CITY OF. RICHMOND. [
OFFICIAL map of the City of Richmond mailed
free. RICHMOND LAND CO. (Inc.), 1S2
Crocker building. San Francisco.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
NEW cottage 6 rooms, rent or sale on Install-
roent plan. Key at 1522 Santa Clara' ave.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
SPECIAL SALE.
AT AUCTION. . .
AT AUCTION. .
AT AUCTION.
80 Choice Residence and Business Lots
80 Cbolca Residence and Business Lots
In
HOME PARK TRACT. "• '
WEST BERKELEY, .
Opposite , •*
The Pacific Coast -Furniture Factory and
., Corbln Station. .... " -
Saturday, May 31, 1902, on the property.
Lunch at 1 p.m., served free. Auction sale
2 p. m.
Terms— One-third cash, balance to suit pur-
chaser. To reach the sale: Leave San Fran-
cisco at Market-st. ferry, broad-gauge, at
10. 10:30 or 11 a. m., 12 m. and 12:30 or 1
p. m.
Buy ticket for West Berkeley, change cars
at Shell Mound. Transit time direct to the
tract Is about 45 minutes.
For maps and particulars apply to
D. PRATT, manager and general agent.
Office, Pacific Coast Hotel, on the tract
Or WOODWARD-CUSHMAN CO., 11 Mont-
gomery St.. San Francisco. Cal.
NEW six-room bay-window cottage; porcelain
bath; /pantry; tiled sink; folding doors; man-
tel; electric lights; high basement: brick
foundation; wash trays; lot' 45x135* price
$2200; terms, $150 cash, balance $20 per
month; this house will rent for enough to
make payments. Open Sundays. O. A. RU-
DOLPH, Lorln.
FURNISHED -house for rent— 9 rooms and
bath; modern In every respect; 1 block to uni-
versity grounds; will lease to responsible
party for term of years; rent $60. Including
water. Open Sundays. O. A. RUDOLPH,
Lorln. - ' " •
NEW 5-room cottage; modern and complete;
good location; close to station, school, stores
churches and electric cars; . price, $1900-
terms, $100 cash, balance $20 monthly i
have also new 7 and 8 room bouses, which I
can sell on same terms. O. A. RUDOLPH
Lorln. Open Sundays.
Jostph J. Mason, real estate & Insurance agent:
choice property a specialty. Berkeley Station.
COTTAGE— 8 rooms, modern convenience, bath
etc; easy payments. MURDQCK. C14 Pine!
Mill Valley Advertisements.
. COTTAGES TO LET.
MILL VALLEY — To let. cottage of 2 rooms
and tent furnished for June. July and An-
gust. Owner. 518 Jersey st.. S. F.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY."
4 OAKLAXD' REAL ESTATE. "
$300 CASH, $6 monthly; cottage of three rooms-
good barn, chicken-houses, tine well of water
assorted orchard; three fine lots 75x100*
street macadamized; school, church,' townhali
and observatory and two grocery stores; over
100 families now located; sandy loam soil- no
fogs nor raw winds here; two blocks from
boulevard and electric car line; adjoining
East Oakland; has a fine grand view; price
. in all, $800; "a fine bargain. Call Or send for
circular, 465 '7th st.. opposite Broadway sta-
tion, Oakland*, carriage free. ¦• :
H. Z. JONES. Owner.
O AKLAJf D _. FCH X ITPRE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE good and cheap this month. H
SCHELLHAAS. 408 Eleventh St.. Oakland-.
ROOMS^FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
ARIEL and solar flats, 625-531 Turk-^HotTand
. cold water baths, electric lights free; fur-
. nished or unfur.; tel. East 312, Sutter 41. i
ASH ave., 220, near Van Ness — Neatly fur^
nished housekeeping flat; three rooms, laun-
dry and bath; reasonable. ¦ : '
BRYANT, 1101— 2 or 3 front rooms, complete
for .housekeeping; cheap.
FOLSOM, 834 — Bay-window and kitchen, bath;
also three furnished, separate or all together.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 622-^Sunny bay window
¦ suite 2 or 3 rooms; bath, laundry, eras range.
GROVE, 104— Nicely furnished front suite
rooms with gas range. $15 per month.-'. V ;
GROVE. 361 — 3 complete housekeeping rooms;
gas, bath, piano;. adults; central; private fam.
HOWARD. . 823— Large front room, sunny
light housekeeping; also single.
HOWARD, 2381—2 well furnished and sunny
with storage room; rent , $10. , . :, .-,..
JACKSON. 1613— Two nicely furnished house-
kecplng rooms complete, $15.
MARKET, 1538, nr. 8th— Two sunny connecting
front' rooms; water, range,' yard; rent $12 6o'
to: $15. ":¦:.. ¦ ." ¦ ¦ ;..'-'¦•¦• * .•..-.-,¦
MINNA,. 546 — Furnished rooms,' complete for
housekeeping.- ' , -
MINNA," C25A, upstalrs-^-Furnlshed rooms ¦ for
light housekeeping; cheap. • . ! .\ • , .' - .
NATOMA, 217 — Neat, large sunny housekeep-
ing room; gas, closets, baths, stove; for two
nice ladles or respectable worklngman 'and
his wife. ' ;.'.¦¦ ¦ ¦".". .- ¦; . . * .-.-¦¦- •
OCTAVIA; 1259, cor. O'Farrell— Housekeeping
suite; elegantly furn.; gas and coal 'range. -
'¦[it ; '\DIED.- 0 ,;" :.; .;) I
," Bowen,' Charles "A. McGinn, George F.~ -
Boyd.' Thomas "--;¦ ••"; McGrorey, Thos. P.
Bradshaw, Ruth \ ' Mahon, . William
Calkins, Charles L. Mibach, William P.
; Cole, Rev. H. ,H. Murphy, Mrs. J. . '
Harris/Nicholas R. . Peters, May M.
1 Healey, Meta C. '. Rosenfeld, ; John ••- ¦
Joy, Thaddeus M. Rusch, ' Charles G.
• Kelly, Martin Saunders, Emily C.
McDonald, Michael'/' Scott,'. Rosa
BOWEN— In East Oakland. May 28, 1902.
/Charles Asa, beloved husband of Helen S.
Bowen, and father of M, >W. Bowen and Mrs.
¦¦ William Bootsma of West Oakland, a na-
tive i of New York,-' azed 73 years and "
months. , - .';' ' ¦ '¦ :¦' ¦'.'¦¦
BOYD— In this city,- May. 2S, 1902, Thomas
. Boyd, a. native of Bridgeport, Conn., aged
38 years. (Bridgeport, Conn., papers please
copy.) .... - - ¦ ¦ ' . V"
ty Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited • to attend : the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors ot
the Henry J. Gallagher Undertaking Com-
pany, 20 Fifth street. Interment Laurel Hill
• ; Cemetery.
BRADSHAW— In East Oakland. May 28, 1902,
at lt>7 Newton avenue, Ruth, dearly beloved
daughter of Mrs. Elizabeth Bradshaw, ! and
: sister cf Mrs. W. D. Hughes, Thomas, Ben-
jamin, Naomi' and' John Bradshaw, Mrs. L. :
W. Calvert and Mrs. S. 'Jones, a native of
Bethlehem, Pa., aged 22 years 10 months
and 23-daya. - ,. ¦ - • ¦ .-' ' ¦
CALKINS— In Lovelocks, Nev., May 27. 1902,
Charles L., beloved husband of Amelia Calk-
. Ins, son of M. D. and Elizabeth Calkins, and
brother of L. S., H. M., W. P.. T. D. and G.
Calkins, a native of Waukegan,' 111., aced 37
years' a- months and 2 days. , '
CT'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
¦ , fully invited to attend the. funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock/from the family resi-
dence, 1311B Hayes street. Interment Laurel
i Hill Cemetery. .
COLE— In Saratoga, Cal., May 27, 1902, Rev.
' H. Hammond Cole, a native of . Chelsea)
Mass., age*d 57 years 1 month and 12 days.
E^Funeral services to-morrow (Friday), at
2 o'clock, at Olivet Congregational Church,
corner Seventeenth and Noe streets.
HARRIS— In this city. May 27. 1902. Nicholas
R., i beloved husband of Mary E. Harris, and
father of Cyrus B., Marshall C, James D.
and N. Roland Harris, a native of Boston,
Mass. ' - . ; .
(C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect- j
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday),- at 1 o'clock, from 1010 Fillmore
street.' Interment Mount ¦ Olivet Cemetery,
by electric car from Eighteenth and Guer-
rerc streets. . .
HEALEY— In this city. May 28, 1902, Meta
Catherine Rebecca Healey, dearly beloved
mother of Mrs. M. P. Hansen, Otto von Car-
nap and Robert Healey, and « sister of Mrs.
Sophie Koblcke, Mrs. Bertha Lafrentz, Mrs.
Kate Schuman and Mrs. Meta Mysell, a na-
tive ot Oldenburg, Germany, aged 72 years 4
months and 2 days.'
JOY-r-May 28, 1902. Thaddeus Miles Joy, a na-
tive of Albany, N.' Y., aged 59 years.
KELLY — Friends *¦ and acquaintances are re-
spectfully Invited to attend a solemn high
. mass for the repose of the soul of the late
. Martin Kelly Friday, May 30, at 8 o'clock,
at St. Mary: s Cathedral. ' ;
McDONALD— In this city. May <27. 1902, Mich-
ael McDonald, beloved father " of Mary and <
Hanna McDonald, a native of Canada, aged
81 years.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited .to -attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
A. W. Martin &. Co.. 319 O'Farrell street.
Interment National j Cemetery. -
McGINN— In this city, May J 28/;, 1902. George
T," b . eI ? ved Bon of the George and Annie
M. McGinn, and brother of : Joseph A - Leo
J.. Allen. Thomas. P. and* Ignatius McGinn
a native of San Francisco, . aged - 28 years i
month and 3 days.'. • ¦«• •:¦ • -¦ . . -, ( ¦¦-•¦•....
(C^Frlends and . acquaintances are resDect-
fully Invited to attend • the funeral Friday
May 30. at 8 -.30, o'clock, from the family
residence, 20% Twelfth : street,- thence to St
Joseph s Church, where a f solemn . requiem
HENRY J. CAL£iJcHER CO.
- (Successor to Flannagnn & Gallagher.)
•DANIEL P. DONOVAN; Mgr. -
FUNERAL DIRECTORS; AND EMBALMERS '
. 20 Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln School.
' • ' Telephone South SO. . . ¦
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
' NEAREST THE . CITY, i ' ¦ ' / '
Office, 916 Market Street.-
Telephone Bush 367.* ; ¦ '
NEW FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS.
Samuel McFadden. 18 years manager for
the United Undertakers' Association^M J
McBrearty, with the same company for 10
years; P. F. Green, late with J. C. O'Con-
nor & Co.. have, -opened new Funeral Par-
lors at 1171 Mission st., between Seventh
and Eighth. . Telephone South 44.
-ST A.TE3V^B3SrT :
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
. ;-OF THE— .
AGRICULTURAL
• 1NSUR ANCE CO MPAN Y
f\F WATERTOWN, IN THE STATE OF
; yi ew .;X ork ' on the 3 lst day of December,
A. D. 1901. and for the year ending on that
day as made to the Insurance Commissioner
or the State of California, pursuant to the
previsions of sections 010 and 811 of the Po-
litical Code, condensed as per blank furnished
by the Commissioner:
. " i * '£ CAPITAL. I
Amount of Capital Stock, paid Nip '
in Cash .... .... $500,000 00
ASSETS. ¦ -~
Real Estate owned by Company... 337,400 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages.. 775,211 50
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
ami Bonds owned by Company. . -~ '724,665 62
Amount of Loans secured by • .
pledge . of Bonds. Stocks. :¦ and ' ¦
other marketable '• securities as ¦" ' "
v collateral . . .T. .--. . ..- 239,244 18
Cash In Company's Office .. :....-.' 4 185- 11
Cash In Banks ...^... ...-. , 133,230 69
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans .... ... . ... . ; ' 11.S54 65
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
¦and Mortgages ...... ,-.-. . . . . . .:; . 27,975 80
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 119,981 OS
Duo from other Companies for re- ." - • '.
insurance on losses already paid. 2,930 66
Total Assets 52,376,679 35
LIABILITIES. ~~~
Losses adjusted and unpaid. . . ... $29,101 96
Losses In process of Adjustment or
In Suspense ...*.. 69.1S2 05
Losses resisted; Including expenses. 11,970 00
. Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less, $826,803 00;
; ' reinsurance 50 per cent ¦ ' 413,401 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run- .
.. nlng more than one year, $1,462,- -
979 00; reinsurance pro rata..... 767,482 13
Total Liabilities ......... ...$1,281,137 64
INCOME. ¦ -. , ,.~
Net cash actually received for . •
Fire premiums $1,087,631 17
Received for Interest on Bonds and " . - .
Mortgaged .....' 44,424 89
Received for interest and dividends .;
on ; Bonds, .Stocks, . Loans ¦ and i
i from all other sources .Y. :'..... '. 44,433 25
Received for Rents 4,542 28
Received from all other sources:.... 944 05
Total Income ....'. .....$1,181,075 64
EXPENDITURES. .; ¦ ¦ . ' . ~
Net amount paid for : Fire Losses
(Including $85,020 56, losses of - ,
previous years) ..." $521,681 57
Dividends to Stockholders ....... 50,000,00
Paid or allowed for Commission or .
Brokerage .". ..... . . .............' 224.83S 27
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.: 88,237 44
-Paid for State, National and Local
taxes 49,21166
AH other payments . and expendl-. \
,tures 102,992 67
Total Expenditures .$1,036,961 '51
1 ¦ *?"¦--' ' • — =
' : ¦•' ¦¦'.:'¦.--: ' ¦¦ \ ¦ ¦ ¦. Fire. ¦'
Looses Incurred during the .year.. ..$554,874 00
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks, Premiums.
Net amount ' of Risks , : ' , '
' written ' during the "• .
year .:*"'. i..V. $164,453,500 $1,633,972 00
Net- amount .of Risks - .. . ..
expired during ¦ the -"
year ..: ........ 159,510,000 1,540,215 CO
Not. ¦ amount In . force , - •
December 31. 1901. 239,617,000 2,289.782 00
" A. H. SAWYER. President.'
.- •. W. H. STEVENS. Secretary. "
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 10th
day of February. 1902. " ! . -¦
L. B. COOKE. IJotary Public.
' Pacific Coast Department.
EDWARD BROWN* & SONS
'¦:'' GENERAL AGENTS/
411-13 - California; street,
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL. ;j
. CITY AGENT 1 v
GEORGE H. MURDOCk;;
: : ;;: ; 412 California Street. 1 . -> '
mass will be celebrated for,- the repose of his
soul,' , commencing at 9 o'clock/ . Interment
- Holy Cross Cemetery. . ' ' .
McGROREY — In ¦ this • city, ' May '28, 1902,
Thomas P.. beloved son of Thomas and An-
nie" McGrorey, and brother of • Edward, Jo-
seph, Charles. Harry and Robert McGrorey
and . Mrs. . J. J. O'Connor, a native ' of San
Francisco, ' aged 25 ' years p months and- 21
days.
MAHON— In this city. May 28, 1902, entered
into rest at his residence, 921 Fulton street,
William, dearly beloved husband of the late
Fannie Mahon. a native of Frankfort, Kings
. County,- Ireland. -¦¦ ¦ ¦ - ./¦ •¦
(E7"Notlce of funeral hereafter.
MIBACH— In this city. May 26, 1902, William
P., dearly beloved Husband of Bessie Mibach,
beloved . father of Ramona Mibach, beloved
eon of Agatha and the late Michael Mibach.
¦ ¦ and ' brother of Joseph, Ida and the late
Peter J. Mibach, a native of San Franclaco,
/aged 25 years 3 months and 14 days. \ ¦
ICT" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully ' invited to attend the funeral Thursday,
May 29, at 9:15 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 358 Corbett road, thence to St. Boni-
face's Church, where a requiem mass will be
celebrated ; for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock. ' Interment Hely
Cross Cemetery.- ¦ '
MURPHY — At her residence. 28 Peart street,
Mrs. Johanna Murehy. mother of Mrs. w.
H. Miller, aged 84 years.
(EyNotlce of funeral hereafter.
PETERS— In ' this city. May 27, 1902* May
Hargarethe. youngest and dearly beloved
daughter of Mathilde and the late John II.
Peter3. and sister of Mrs. Henry G. Gerdes
and £«gert C. and Henry C. Peters, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 24 years 2
months and 25 days.
ROSENFELD— In New York, May 23, 1902.
John Rosenfeld, a native of Bavaria. Ger-
many, aged 70 years 3 months and 6 days.
fC?"Notlce of funeral hereafter.
RUSCH— In this city. May 28. 1902. Charles
G., beloved son of Robert H. and Katie
Rusch, and. grandchild of ' Mrs. Margaret
Borle, a native of San Francisco, aged 4
years and 11 months.
SAUNDERS— 'In this city. May 27. Ipt2, Emily
C, beloved -wife of J. Douelass* Saunders,
and mother of John H. Saunders, a native of
New York City.
E^Funeral services to-morrow (Friday), at
2 o'clock, at her late residence, 2516 Pine
street. Interment private.
SCOTT — Rosa, dearly beloved and only child
of Albert and Trinidad Scott, aged 3 years
and 15 tiara. ' .
Shanahan Florist Co.
iff, ARTISTIC FLORAL DESIGNS
\ Prices Reasonable. \
107 POWELL ST.nuaELLJS £2f 5056• PLEAD 'GUILTT -: TO ASSAULT— Peter
Mayntzer and Charles QalUard, charged -.with
aseault upon Hattle Whitbeck, a. young girl,
pleaded guilty before ; .Judge ' Cook . yesterday..
They will be sentenced this morning. . ¦ > . ¦ ¦
The quickest aijd.mdst convenient. :way. In
and out of the Yosemita Valley , is by " way of
the Santa Fe. If you leave San Francisco to
day at 8 a. m. on the California Limited you
are in Yosemlte to-rnorrow at 5 p. m. ... .
Call at Santa Fe ticket office. I 641' Market
street, for Illustrated pamphlet and full par
ticulars, v ¦¦ .'. - " • • "
Yoseinite) Via the 3 Santa Fe.
on the necessity of immediate action.;,
j The Harbor, Commissioners were repre
sented by Commissioners Mackenzie : and
Kirkpatrick and Attorney James ,H. Budd.
Mr. Kirkpatrick, told the association what
amount of money- was necessary to build
the seawall- fronv- the • ferry , to Channel
street. • The distance is , 6000 i feet . and as
the- line of seawall agrreed upon ' by the
State . and city, will -plac?. ¦. most'.* of. -.the
wharves , south of -Harrison street , upon
shore,' it 'will necessitate the buildingjof
new wharves. • The total-expense,', as he
roughly calculated it, "would- be -in, the
neighborhodd of 4 $2,250,000.- This .would rem
edy the condltt&is around 'the Mail -dock,'
but the'funds at'^the Harbor Commission-,
ers' disposal are not ' sufllclent.to buiUTthis
Improvement; ¦- The commission intends to
build one section, 1 1000 feet of the seawall,
during 1943. l Mr. 'Kirkpatrick, figures "that
it will . take about: ten • years : to ; finish*. tit v
-this rate, so If -the ,' city must* have 'i the
. work r done sooner" an appropriation'' from
the Legislature must be had.;
; Tlie officers of the/" association r are:
Frank: J. i. Symmes, .president;- Charles'
Bundschu, first vice president; "Andrew.M.
Davis, second vice president; O. D." Bald
win i- treasurer. ...--...-• ; ¦ ¦ » . ' :" .- :¦'
-Port Collector Stratton has ruled, by di
rection ; of r the ; Secretary ''of , the Treasury,
l that. the names of consignees will not-.be>
required - from merchants giving commer
cial statistics to the Government on ship
ments of ¦ merchandise between thePhiliD
.pines, Hawaii , and Alaska and mainland
ports of the United States, it notsbeing the
intention, of .the Government • to ,pry intb
,the business secrets of merchants furnish
ing, the information required.
Ruling Regarding Statistics.^
To the Lovers - of Art.
We are in>a position 'arid have the nec
essary materials for framing all style pic
tures with perfect < artistic harmony-' and
at the : lowest prices. ; ; "We are picture
framersMn the true sense, of the word,
creators of-.real-; artistic trail-. hangings,
and are painstaking [ in , the treatment oi
every picture for the best possible results
Sanborn, : Vair& Co., 741 Market 'st. •
The polls for the -/election of the-new
board were open from" 6' to 9- p. ] m. i There
was' but one j ticket! -The new board of
directors is composed ofC. f S. Benedict,
Foster P. Cole', Andrew M. Davis, Walter
B. Dean, W; J. Dutton, R. B. Hale, F.
JV-Koster, A. J. McNicoll, Charles M.
Plum, A. J. Rich, P. C. Rossi. Robert H.
Swayne, - Frank . J. Symmes, './ A. ; H. 9 yail
and -F. H. .Wheelan. ' •' ''
Following the. routine business of the
meeting, a memorial on. the loss of J.
Richard Freud, the association's former
secretary, was read by Charles Bundschu.
It was voted that Mr. Freud's picture be
hung in the • association's headquarters.
- A resolution . was .adopted favoring, the
raising of the. retail liquor license of this
city, which 'has now "a; lower license than
any oth'er city. ••• ¦--: • ,,•¦."•' '' -
President Symmes spoke upon, the need
of clean streets, the preservation of -Tel
egraph Hill and Twin Peaks, the.wlden
ingof Third -street ."and the'Temedying of
the congested condition around the south
ern portion of .the city, Especially; in the
vicinity of the ;Mair Dock. - : r ' . '
• George -Renner spoke at length upon the
poor condition ' of San Francisco's streets,
saying thatjiext to .New Orleans this city,
had the worst streets of .'any city in r the !
United States. He spoke of. the necessity
of compelling the street' railways .to- re
pair the streets and the need of keeping
them on* ! the -lower • business -streets ;in
town.'- Mr. Renner presented the-follow
ing resolution, which was adopted -by the
association: 7 • ... -, - ¦ . ,-¦
RoKolved. That' the' grade"on ! Beale. street,
between -Bryant and Folsom, be lowered and the
street ..paved ; with. basalt i blocks,,-'.. .. , .
• P. F.. Dundon spoke -also; upon the de
plorable condition of streets leading. to
the Mail dock. - . . . . , ,. r , .,
James' McNab spoke words ..of . praise
for the; Harbor Commissioners for their
kir.dness In providing, a means of access
to the Mall dock by 'means of ,, their
wharves. He said;--"We often' hear, the
ownership of the water front by, the city
advocated, but the condition in which the
municipality keeps its - streets*; is a. "-poor
object lesson of what It would do with the
water front. The coal bunkers,which'oc
cupy the Important wharves- of "Vallejo,
Green. . Mission. s Howard, and- Folsom
streets, could (exist equally- as well - at
North Beach or in Mission; Bay, --'and 'thus
give over . those ' wharves. , which the . city
so badly needs to carry -on its vast com
merce:" ' i '•*-¦¦. -¦'¦.'¦•'- ''¦"' ',-•¦'¦''¦- " '
"'Mr. McNab presented". the following res
olution, which was adopted by the asso
ciation:- ' " ; ;•;••'.'.¦ . :
• Repolved. That the city be requested to pave
basalt ; block* : Bryant : street, from Main
to First, arid First street from Bryant to Bran
nan, before . the next rainy n<r ason, and to have
the official -grade 'at; Bryant and First otreets
changed • to ' conform ' with other grades "of. ad
joining streets at this point. ¦-.-;.•> '¦ -
Major. Til den made' an impressive speech
The Merchants'^ Association ,. of vSaij :
Francisco held/ its ¦ annual/ meeting':, and
election of -directors >v last ; night" at ¦ Acad
emy of Sciences-Hall.' {.The annual report
of the" old board,. was, read. The ..report
spoke of- the origin and purposes of the
association and • how - far those 'purposes
had been carried out during the last year.
Personally -conducted: excursions to Kansas
City and Chicago leave San Francisco " every
Monday. Tliursday- and Saturday at 8 p. m. via
the Santa Fe. Cars used are the wide-vesti
buled Improved Pullman tourist sleepers of the
very latest pattern. If you are contemplating;
a trip East, you should first call upon or write
to the ticket agent of the Santa Fe, 641 .Market
street. 6an Francisco, for illustrated pamphlets
and full particulars. / ; . ' *
cate of the record of corporal, punishment
cf the Raggio boy. to tatimer, and Ron
covieri questioned his right to do so. Web
ster would nof : say . whether .the, change
made In thc ; record at Blanchard's" dicta
tion was an unprofessional^ act. saying
that it was for the board to decide. <• r
The trial was adjourned until to-day, at
2 p. m. r :v • ' ; '..
The Board of Fire Commissioners met
yesterday and awarded the contract.of
furnishingr five "horses for use irf the de
partment to .E. Howard.-The bids for fur
nishing supplies to the department for the
coming'year were received'and will be
passed upon at the next meeting. / ;
The resignations of H. Eskersen, George
Lynch and J. J. Murphy, hosemen, were
received. -It was announced that^ there
are fifteen vacancies; which must be filled
by-civil-service. It was,decided tha/ ad
ditional hostlers shall be employed m the
department stables in. order to cut the
working hours down to twelve.---
—'? ' • ¦"
To the EasVin a*Tourist""Sleeper.
Fire Commissioners Meet.
¦ '. .'...->t ... j. ¦ . •¦¦ ¦ *¦' ¦'. ¦ ¦' ¦ ¦' "
Enthusiastic | Session?, of
the Mefptfants'. As--. ¦
. ;socm;tion. ••; . - v -
Between the Corinthian Yacht. Club's
sloop Harpoon- and rthe . San -. l Francisco
Yacht Club's - sloop Challenger, for the
San Francisco challenge cup. May 21. The
Santa Fe's elegant steamer San Pablo will
leave from Santa Fe pier, foot of 'Market
street, at 1 p. m.^'A limited number of
passengers only will • be, carried. Round
trip 50 cents. Secure your tickets at once
at the Santa Fe ticket office. 641 Market. •
Interclub Yacht ' Race
Now it seems absolutely clear to ua that
.these lands- >'wero. never amended by Congress
to be, ' and >ould not be. included | in the sec
ond grant, but; on -the ; hypotheses • that . they
were the subject matter of both .contracts can
any contractor earn the subject matter common
to two contracts merely by breach' of the llrst
and partial or untimely compliance with the
last? :._ - ' '¦•• '¦¦: •¦v.v>.---- ;.; • - "
ARGUE' FOR SETTLERS.
Messrs. Wood and Munday spoke on he
half of the settlers I whose homes are in
volved and who acquired rights under the
Government to .'the lands, they claim' by
virtue of settlements under the public
land laws made. at. various times from
1881 to the date of the patents 'involved
and whose applications or contests for the
respective tracts . claimed • were ; actually
pending in due form and -undetermined
before the Land , Department when said
patents were- procured. The counsel ar
'gued that at the date of the second grant
the. Perham map furnished the only boun
daries to the .first -grant. The company
could not then r have been heard to deny
these boundaries- since it had furnished no
others, and cannotmow- be heard to dis
pute them, since it has not yet furnished
any different boundaries. •: Counsel said*
Counsel ¦ ' for the c Government contend
that Congress,', by -its act- of July 2. 1864,
did = not , contemplate that the railroad
should Teach Portland by r a direct Una
from .Puget Sound f to Portland, , but .that
there 'should be" a branch" line 1 leaving the
main trunk-line at some suitable place,
not more than 300 miles from. Its western
terminus, commonly agreed to be; Wal
lula Junction,, In the State: of Washing
ton, and extending by way of the Colum
bia River to a point at or near Portland.
By joint resolution April 10, 1869,- the com
pany .was granted the privilege to estab
lish a branch line from a point at or near
Portland, Oregon, to some suitable" point
or«. Puget Sound, to be determined -by
the company, and to connect . the same
with Its main line west of the. Cascade
Mountains. *• It is conceded the
Northern Pacific never did construct or
operate any railroad at Wallula Junction,
via the valley of the Columbia RLver, to
a point at .or near 'Portland. Oregon."
It is- urged on the part of the Govern
ment that the, lower court erred in hold
ing that the grant had not been forfeited.
It is the contention of he Government
that the principle of the grant being "a
"float" cannot apply in this case. By rea
son of the topography of the country the
railroad line is definitely - located by the
terms of the act. Courts, it is argued,
must take judicial notice . of landmarks,
such as rivers, and the topography of. the
country. The company, it is claimed, has
willfully failed .to ¦perform the conditions
of the grant of July 2, 1864.
BRANCH ROAD ' PROVISO.
The question Involved in the case is the
right of- the United States v to -certain
lands situated In the Western Division of
the District ' of Washington, commonly
denominated - as* "overlap^ -lands. The
suit was brought under direction of At
torney General McKenna July 24, 1897.
The appeal of the United States of
America vs. Northern. 'Pacific Railroad
Company, a corporation," and the North
ern Pacific, Railway, a corporation, was
argued and submitted yesterday ' after
noon to Judges Gilbert, Ross and Hawley
of the United States Circuit Court of Ap
peals, United States Attorney • Wilson R.
Gay appearing for the. United States and
C..EJ S. Wood and J. -A. Mundayfor the
settlers. The corporations were repre
sented'by J. 'B. Kerr. - "-
The United States Circuit Court for the
District of Washington, Western Division,
had rendered a judgment in favor of the
corporations and against, the. United
States. ' ¦ , ; • -
YOUNG ' PEOPLE WHO ' WILL.
RECEIVE DIPLOMAS AT TO
DAY'S EXERCISES.
Railroad Grant Caise Is
on Argument Before
Appeal Judges.
BUSINESS MEM'S
ANNUAL MEETING
There will be fifteen graduates this year,
six girls. from. St. Vincent's and. nine from
St. Patrick's. The girls.are"Miss'M.-An
thony, Miss A. Canepa. Miss G. McCar
thy,-Miss A. Purvis, Miss K. Robinson,
Miss.E..Sheehy. First honors will'- be con-
I .More than ordinary interest is at- ¦
tached to the commencement . this year,
as r the exercises will commemorate the
fiftieth anniversary of the founding of the |
school. Commencing on a very , humble 1
scale in 1852, this institution has grown, j
until it now ranks as one of the most
prominent of its nature in this city. :.
The alumnae ! of St. . Vlncenf.s School
have decided to attendin a body and .will
appear decorated in the school colors of
blue. and gold. They, will sing the; clos
ing chorus of Curto's "Regna ' Terrae,"
with orchestral accompaniment. •
THE . commencement - exercises of
St. Vinceny and . St., -Patrick
schools will jte held | at'/ the Grand
Opera-house to-day at 2:30 o'clock.
ferred on Miss Genevieve McCarthy, and
I Miss - Alice "Purvis will ] \ receive a gold
medal for music. t The graduates from the
boys' school will* be Patrick Dougherty,
Aldan Doyle, Joseph Feeney, James Long,
Edward ; McMullen, John' Murray, Frank
O'Leary, John Racik. and George Ragee.
, The music will.be furnished by the St.
Vincent's School Orchestra, under the
direction of Professor Knell. •••;• ,
The main feature qf the exercises will
be a drama in three 'acts by a Sister of
Charity, entitled "Miriam," the castof
which will be as follows: "•
Ihraham. a' Pharisee, Master Joseph Feeney;
Salofna; his wife. Miss Amelia Canepa; Orpha
and Miriam.' their daughters. Miss Bessie Foley
and Miss Loretta O'Connell; Europa, Silvia,
Iryali,- Juba, • attendants.- \ •:" ; ¦ "
•The drama deals with life at Jerusalem
during the last years of . our Lord's so
journ on earth. ' ' -
Archbishop Riordan will give an addres
and confer the. graduating honors at the
termination of the exercises.-
DEFENDS TITLES
OF THE SETTLERS
PUNISHMENT NOT SEVERE.
Miss Mary.Hoogs. a teacher, explained
the "punishment administered, to the Ra>r
gio boy. The lad's skin was protected by
ap. undergarment and twenty blows were
administered with a single rattan. Miss
Hoogs did not regard the punishment as
brutal and thought Raggio ' got what he
xnerited. • • • : -
George A. Merrill, principal of the Cali
fornia School of Mechanical Arts, said, he
had known Blanchard for twenty-five
years and that he was a man of strict in-
Tegrity and fine educational qualifications.
Deputy Superintendents of Schools Hotv
erd\ Kingsbury and Sullivan and Principal
Morton of the Lowell High School gave
testimony favorable to Blanchard's work
ae a principal. . ¦,"¦;' ,r.. :•*
Superintendent Webster was 'called to
the stand and declared that if Attorney
Latimer, who had retired from the case,
bad made the statement that he (Web
ster) had concealed any important infor
mation regarding Blanchard's case he had
told a falsehood. Webster said that as a
State officer he had not deemed it his
duty. -to lake part In the trial, and, bo-
Bides, the case might be referred to r him
for. adjudication. This latter statement
dunsfounded the Directors, and Mark said
that the law refers only to Boards of
Trustees. Webster replied that the point
must be settled by the Supreme Court. It
developed .that .Webster, had given some
documents in the case, including a dupli-
W \V. Sanderson. Blanchard's attor
ney probed deeply into the causes which
had impelled Miss Perry to be such a pro
ncunced witness against his clkmt. L-l
vard Cornu. aged 18 years, testt-ied that
after Miss Perry had left the Hancock
Grammar School he visited her at tne
Berkshire Hotel to teach her Spanish.
Cornu would ttien inform Miss Perry ot
the mischievous acts he had committed in
the classroom taught by Miss Perry s suc
cessor. The latter had told him to roll a
marble along the floor to annoy Miss
Peckham. and Cornu instead threw rocks
across the room, for which he was pun
ished by Blanchard. - *».
Miss Anita Lastreto, a teacher in the
Hancock School, testified that Miss Perry
had repeatedly said that -John Raggio.
•who was flogged by Blanchard, was a bad
boy. Miss Lastreto. said that she always
deemed it her duty to make changes in
the record. of corporal punishments if ad
vised to do so by her principal... *
Miss Peckham, who succeeded Miss Per
ry in the class, said that it was full of
lawless children, and sne was compelled
to take to her bed on the third day from
exhaustion. Miss Peckham tfiought that
the punishment admiiiistereoS to Raggio
¦rras not excessive. She remembered that
another boy who was punished returned
to his class and laughed over it. Miss
Peckham suggested to. Blanchard that as
the punishment had been too mild he
should repeat it more forcibly. The wit
nes admitted having made a change Jn
the record kept by Mies Perry at Blanch
ard's dictation. When . Roncovieri said
that she had blackened Raggio' s charac
ter by writing in "truant" without know
ing that such was the case. Miss Peck
ham replied that she had acted on the in
gtructioos of her principal..
Mrs. R: Reynaut, guardian of Edward
Cornu, said that while the boy was call-
Ing on Miss Perry he was almost unman
ageable, but' he improved when his visits
to her ceased.
TZACHZKS GIVE EVIDENCE.
Mies Emma L. Perry, the main witness
of the prosecution against Principal M. B.
Blanchard* who is now on trial before the
Board of Education, -was put through the
painful ordeal at yesterday's session of
listening to a number otf witnesses tes
tify that her reputation for truth was
bad. Miss Perry leaned the disagreeable
news from the lips '.of these witnesses
that she was not to be believed under
oath. The testimony was* extremely dls
tcs'teful to Miss Perry, and she made fre-,
quent protests against any such being ac
cepted, saying that she was not on trial.
In fact. Miss Perry intex-rupted the pro
ceedings on a number o£ occasions, and
the gavel of President Deamau was often
pressed into service to subdue her numer
ous denunciations oft statements that
were made. ! . • - ¦;' *w -
Among the' witnesses called by Mr
Blanchard to impeach . the . testimony of
Miss Perry were George R. Kelly, : a
Teacher in the Lowell iligh School; Mrs.
J. M. Charles of Aiameda. und Mtb..A. M.
Smith of this city, ail of whom testified
that they had heard that Miss. Perry's
reputation for veracity is bad. "
Mrs. Laura Lowelino. who is ill, filed an
affidavit to the effect that she has known
Miss E. L. Perry for a year; that the last
named has been intiaoaie with the fam
ily and a visitor at Mrs. Lowelino's house.
Mrs. Lowelino swears that Miss Perry s
reputation for truth is Sad and she would
not believe her under oath. Mrs. Lowe
lino's affidavit continues:.
| On several occasions, at my house. Miss
Perry t«iM to mfr < referring to the Blanchanl
trouble). "I cannot set a. pla^e in the School
Department unless Blanchard Is put out, be
cause he is so much against me."
The deceased was born in the village
ofUhlfeld, Bavaria, on February 22.
1833. When twelve years of age he came
to the United States and obtained, em-,
ployment in Baltimore. From there i he
went to Philadelphia. In 1850 he came to
California and -engaged in. various pur
suits until 1856, when he devoted himself
to the coal and shipping business, with
which he was ever afterward prominently
Identified. He was the owner of the.ves
sels; Fannie, Shooting Star and Cowper,
running between , here and Nanaimo.
For a long time he was a director of the
Pacific Coast Steamship Company, and
also of the South Pacific Coast Railroad
Company. He was president of the Board
of Fire Commissioners from 1871 to 1873.
He served one term as a member of ' the
State Board of - Harbor Commissioners,
and was formerly a. member of the Board
of Park Commissioners. He was also one
of the directors of the Chamber of Com
merce. . • . . '. • • •.¦ . *
No arrangements : have yet been: made
for the funeral. The remains will, be
brought to this city for interment. _.\.
The deceased was president of the
wholesale firm of John JRosenf eld's Sons,
shipping and commisssion . merchants,
ana : also proprietors of tn<* Dispatch iine
of clipper ships to New' York.
Rosenr'ela. who. was •¦one "of the oldest
settlers in California, was never known to
break his word or do anything unfair in
a business way. The late Collis P. Hun
tington was a great admirer of Rosen
leltt and had explicit confidence in him
as a business man. The .great railroad'
man would order for the Central .Pacific
Railroad thousands of tons of coal . from
Rosenfeia without asking the price, and
the moment the account was rendered it
was audited without a moment's hesita
tion. The two men were to the last close
friends, and Huntington when in the city
would spend hours with' Rosenfeld going
over old' times. : . < '•'¦
.Rosenfeld was a wonderfully active
man. He was a familiar" figure' around 1
the Palace Hotel and railroad offices and.
always had . a' pleasant word and a~smile
for every one. .' .\ -" ,; .
He leaves ¦ six children. " Two of ' the
sons, L«puis and Henry Rosenfeld,' have
lcen attending to his business affair* for
the past few years. His wife died in 1893. :
Rosenfeld had been identified- with the
shipping interests of this port since early
in the 50".-. and his name 'was as well
known in New York, London, Liverpool,'
Antwerp, : Havre and other seaports as it
was here. For many years lie was a
prominent figure along the, water, front
and was ¦ known to every stevedore and
laborer along th« dock. ;- . . : •.
News was received last evening that
John Rosenfeld, the well-known ship
owner and coal merchant ,of this city, died
yesterday in New York. Rosenfeld was
returning from 'a • toUr ¦ of \ Europe ! and
contracted the cold which resulted in his
death' On the trip from Liverpool to New
York:- '- \ , ¦ , . ;•; ..< :. ':¦ ¦;¦ '¦ ¦ ¦¦
Witnesses for Defense
Testify Against Miss
Perry.
John Rosenfeld Passes
Away Suddenlyin
New York.
DIES EN ROUTE
TO HIS HOME
LADY'S VERACITY
IS IN QUESTION
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE TO BE SCENE
OF COMMENCEMENT EXERCISES
Students of : St:iVinteht^nd-St.P
i ''Miriam^' by Sister oi Mercy v to |^JfjReatu^^|gmgr|mifp|
Archbishop^Riordah to, M
14
THE SAN i FEANCISCdj! CALL,; THURSDAY, > MAY 29
'¦ ": ; , *¦: ¦<"-Try^a 'IOjcJBox^ ..;,;.¦.-
Adams' ; Barsapariila ",Pnis;.-j(chocol^ jft.v coated),
"for Constipation,' Biliousness,' ."Slck.rieadachos,
Dyspepsla.v Drusslsts.',. •; •.;... ¦;¦;,¦ >. \$f. ,'? ,\>.*-y.
P^Z>. We want you to .spend your
oiitjng as comfortably . as ; pos-
>^>^/ sib!e—so do yqu, of course.
,. '.J^</^>\ Spend it in a pair— or two—of
: i^W0W 'Jr. Walk-Over Shoes. f
C^fSC^r 1 They're as easy on your feet as
v/a^/O'J on y° ur P u »*se. : . .-¦,
;/ --iliWilfVfi J^' wniJe you are having the;
ll/Wl'.wra time of : your life, the shoes live
S)^ fi \^ up to our preachments, you'll
-:^: ™jfn| V L bless us, truly. ( ..'¦"¦;. •,'¦—.¦¦
L \1 H o w m a n y t i m e s you've
L, i-^tf- "blessed" your shoemaker the*
npir other way about.
W_^k*\ No excuse for a misfit here— no
overzealpusness to make a.sale
at the sacrifice of your feet. '¦'
Every size,. ready to wear, in any style or
shape— all for $3.50 the pair. : ' ¦/,¦/'¦ .'.. -A
' Why pay $5 and $6, and fare worse?
WALK=0VER SHOE STORE
'-F. F.. WRIGHT & SON; • - ' \_" 1 ' -. •
Los Angeles Store: C|OAc»9ft "' '/Vf *4f*l£'er ' S*tt»e*'e't- '^Opposite'
1 1 1 Sofsprlng St. "^^ ZD l»idl iiCL OU CCU Emporium.
"THEY ALWAYS
¦ .' OFFER SUCH
W'sliat; EVERYBODY Says.
READ To-Day 's List and Judge
3 for YOURSELF.
i ' A'SiwaSsFspecial.
Tc~day-, ?5 00 ' EXCBLLENT • QUALITY
., TAFFETA ;: ;SILK ;, WAISTS f A QS
• Th?se, elegant'. Waists are .fashioned " with
clusters of tucks— rows of hemstitching- and
'trimming of fancy silk' buttons into perfect
fitting,. graceful,' stylish garments. -
Womsri's Grass Linen; Overskirts.
¦T0^DAY : 45c G°^^ dl l iT^
'.' SKIRTS'."-' - They're -.made • with single
flounce and trimmed with bands of white
¦ ""pique. Really there's nothing more de-
£2 sirable f or . your' eummer' outinss; Jail
sizes.
V/om3n's White Pique Cverskirts,
Tft TIAY <C1 O^ for ' : D A J N T
lU-UAI «I)I«^-OWHITE- P I Q U E
SKIRTS: These stylish skirts are made
of • best quality -material, *.:wlth. single
¦ . flare flounce.. ¦ . For . warm days and "out-
Ings" these are 1 Just what you want.
Children's Dresses. ' ;
Tfl 1HY for CHILDREN'S FINE
lU-UAlOUC QUALITY v PERCALE
DRESSES, In tasty patterns; all colors.
".'The 'style is neat ;.. graceful^ bretelles fol-
..low '.the -yoke 'line; front formed of box
i plaits; /.good full skirt, .deep hsm; bishop
iQ sleeves; 'trlmminff >. of .Torchon <• lace and
. - ; braid Eives^ust the » finishing touch, -n -
TO Tl i Y r *7t = *r f or S FINE L " a w" n
iU-UAI i OC, DRESSES- 'You must
„ ! see them. 1 to ! fully appreciate their value
. Allover ; tucking • with -Insertion of 'em-
'.broidery forms the yoke; same is finished
':v with '.ruffle 'of > deep \. Swiss i embroidery;
'¦/¦ neck and sleeves are finished with dainty
: embroidery edging; skirt extra full, with
¦ deep hem; sizes 1 to 5 years.
V vWomen's DresslSklrts. v r
:to-day'$2.95 iifSM^M
; SKIRTS,- made with new flare effect and
¦ v trimmed with '. ; stitched : bands' of satin;
"I. all sizes;; perfect fitting. . ¦ .¦
Women's' Wrappers;; : x
fni nAVQ^r* for..;n--25^; percale
- 1 U--y A I .HO \* .WRAPPERS, vf A deep
-'. Spanish flounce ornaments- the. skirt ppr-
- tion; pointed girdle;', cuffs; collar; yoke-
and embroidery - Inserted - .bretelles are
trimmed with ..fancy braid; all colors; all
sizes;, waist and sleeves: lined.' " ; .
12124214 MARKET; ST.;
. ; ;. Between Taylor and Jonee. '. '<¦ * »
(Open To-Night) Until 9 O V Clock.
CLOSED^ ; TOfMbilBOW.''."-
That^ll Make a Sensation.
3HBF^|1^ :45c, 65c, 95c and $^.25.
\m^-^l>" "'3h ' Half and less "than half- : yesterday* 3
\\v». ¦'-¦¦"I 3flEi ' prices. Fine madras, imported ginghams.
wv\\«'; -French chambrays, percales, basket
\y\\\\\\!' _ WJCfffi? ¦ clcths and so on; seems almost a shame
WtoWwJ»>-v ' « " to do it. but 'It's warranted if straight-
' >~X$£Cw//f/ffl/ffl////////L*& ened stocks are the result.' Some lines arc
"" \ nearly all sold out, others have- not been
\nili/ltsillllil'l'llm\<<\ going so fast. .This morning they are all
illJ/Wii/llltlill/XwSxh grouped In these four lots. There may not
'¦¦**, I1H III III IU '/////iflKvv\v\\ be every size In, .each style, but In each
I lili llMf\x?m,' lot you may be certaln ; Y01J ?' SIZE
• : «l mfeMw- ' IS^ E Cents To-day.
VmvKw Wj/f&^yyy/ WERE 70c AND 05c YESTERDAY— Corded
S^YwjjiSHPwJ^^^y^r striped madras or fine percales; some with
x5* v £^*£^ D0X Ple ats and small side tucks; others gath- '
¦ • ilxfc- _ 'Jf&x* 1^^ ' ered at the waist band; blues, reds, blacks.
l $k'§i5* hellos or tans; Bishop sleeves; soft cufls.
MSmM 65 Cents To-day.
gj^lg jj&lr WERE O5c AND ?1J:5 YESTERDAY— Lace
m \!5 striped chambray; embroidered dot stripe
' ' :^SBs>- "r^ madras or plan chambray In all colors; half
- i*T - ""V • ' ' "¦"-,» -t*' dozen different styles, soft collars and cuffs;
~3\^5s Bishop sleeves.
95 Cents To-day.
/^^NAVVaVvVWvA WERE *2.0O AND »2^I5 YESTERDAY—
/ /*. \\\\\\\\\Vw\\- "¦' Orasa linens, dimities, corded madras. Irish
/ vXvCv-iWwiW lawns, many styles. Have sailor collars.
/ > A AV\X^"^\ w«V\ • l tucked yokes and soft stocks; Bl3hop sleeves;
: I V 'Is 'ir i-^eSm'A \\\\ \ • all good colors.
/^%»\I\. 81.25 To-day.
/' L— / "¦'¦% d\ Vl-iW^ 1 WERE »2.5O AND «2.75 YESTERDAY—
. / ¦ "^^./'/j^^tft ¦piW" /f J French chambray linen, basket cloths, her-
v ¦ ¦i^\\^S\\t\\v : //' ' ringbone madras, some box pleated fronts
\^^s^r vy-- ' / and backs; others with pleated yokes, soft
/^W^*V)' / . collars, staplajshades. ;
AlpKonse and Gastpji R 1 b b O H S
r^lllOAV "- : ':-l OO5« Fop Commencement Day.
-It's an innovation and a catchy^one- Stylish lovely ribbons of
The tops. are tinted,. ready to outline, good weight yet ' soft and
easy to finish. ;Top and back/SOc; . daint y fprtyihgvup:
Yl AlHp CU ; ff W New Liberty Moire.
'- VJUl 1 Oil I r L^ ' fun 4^inches wide. Comes in
V : V . 61.OO. ., •: . white, cream, pink, light blue,
Many ne\v styles are being shown black, etc.
this week.: Of all shirts for out-door ALSO 4^-INCH LIBEBTY DOU-
wearthe golf shirt is the -most ap-" B LE SATIN BIBB0N_In cream
propnate, so in your preparations for x " " cain »
Decoration day think of that. white— 38c quality at 25c.
TsFm^BM*^^^ ¦ | cl °sed To-morrowJ
M^aZzz-rz^rz?"'^' Decopatiori Day.
>!?fe&v-£»i ' -'•¦;••¦.'••-¦¦-.•-:¦ iGW
l/^^r^tr : - iat •'.• have v! genuine-:
,- V\\ - ?\. : -.quality ; >Jh'!'i'-c$ery
T> 1" T" '•'¦^thread and seam—
. . \: i I \ ; " that. Ipok, right when
•' • h- '"I- you.put;them.oii ,-ahd
• II ' that' hold, their shape
. A If -V unt *] worn- out— are |
H/'li " the; sort we make for.
ONE DOLLAR!
¦ ¦¦ :.; ' • ;- x ': ¦' '¦¦¦'"¦. i -
And you may wear the'suit while paying
for it.'. <N '¦¦ -'.. !
1 128 Ellis St. AbovePowcSi
1,; "* ¦'.:" -'. BAXFIIAXCISCO. . .-.'. : . .[
SPECIAL SALE
, THUBSDAY— FRidAY—SATURDAY
SWEET -WINES.. ."...bot 25c; sal. SI
Port. Sherry. Angelica «nd Muscat.
•7 1 Si5 e natlve wines. Regularly 4Oc and
SI/ICED PINEAPPiLE. 3-lb. tin.. .20c
„ "S. &. "W.," the mest delicious brand on tho
markat. Begularly 25c. • .-
CEEAMEBY BITTTER. square... 35c
Our usual fancy grade . .- - ~
Sold elsewhere at 40c.
O. K. WHISKY. 3 bots 82: gallon S3
A brand . which can be safely used when
• pure whisky is recommended.
Regularly. $1 . a bottle and $4 a gallon.'
FAR3>DATES;ib7.:/:;;:;.;.. ../;... .ioc
This season's; extra fancy. " '•;*
'Regularly 15c.
SCOTCH COFFEE CAKE. pkg.....i5 C
L ; Kennedy's Boston brand. , Regularly 20c.
FRENCH VERMOUTH, bottle!... 50c
; Noilly. Pratt & Co. Regularly 60c.
BRAZIL NTJTS. 2 lbs .25ev
Fancy quality, new crop. Regularly 20c alb. \
IDEAL MUSH. 4 pkgs.. 25 C W~
A delicious breakfast mush; cooks quick. /
•"¦*" Regularly 3 for"23c.5- .¦?-¦¦¦ - \ . "^
*- .' ¦ "
CATALOGUE FREE— SIMPL.T SEND U3
- x TOUR -ADDRESS.
39 STOCKTON ST., near Market.
TEI-EPnONE MAIN 5522.
Wbl^ ! ""*' > \ * * /"^^ Mm
SWEEPING REDUCTIONS IN
DENTISTRY BY DREXLER
- .- $14 tall sets of teeth, now 84.0O
.; $10 gold crowns, now... 83.00
J5 gold flinngs. now $1.50
i - These prices good to June 6.
..¦-•- ¦ All work guaranteed.
D rexl 3 r Painless Dental Go.
Of New York.
...;S.F. Parlors. 1104 Market St., corner*
Turk.
o- — ¦ — v " ' — "' " o
Live in a. Trunk?
Yes— If you have a
Lundbeck Bureau Trunk
; ; Ask any dealer, or apply to
! J. MARTY, Man'fr,
n 826 Howard St., S. F» n
: 'I "^iitt&i- Weak Eyes Strengthened;
. JS|2§ i P«inful or inflamed «£•
5®^^& itantiy relieved wlthut-ORO-
f£>3s9£ mayerle-s G ?j;!?. an , far h't
."vVrn^r^-. it Tel South 572. None can- 'T^
"w. without tbl» trademark
i ADVEBTISEJCZNTS. - : - ¦ . - "
Gibson's Oisscrvations No. 9
Publi»Ho<l by "Your Bosom Friwtid.** ••very once in a while
I I notice a whole lot of "come back again" trade these days. ;
I see a new face and in a day or so I see the same cus-
tomer back again. .... ¦ ' . ¦ . : : ' K
There is always a, good reason for repeated patronage
and I believe there is double goodreason for mine. ..;
C I Everv man or woman who leaves this store " leaves as a
H friend "of the place; a big: bundle of good will and satisfac- .
! S tion 'goes' with every sale. .1 give every, one a square deal
| B and square deals are wfiat have built' up this "come back
John T. Gibson, "Your Bosom Friend/'
•' Furnishings for Gentlemen. :
i 1202*1204 Market St. 'Phone South 850