no_textTHE SMDAY GALL.
2
SAN FRANCISCO'S
YOUNGEST MILLINER
np away from the face, u boldly as th«
chapeau of a light opera singer. Tn«
fringe played ostrich father again,
drooping occasionally over the brim. Un
derneath the brim, near the face, ap
peared a great chou of lace and rosea
worked in together in the «*teit TO * \
running combination of red and 1 whUe \
and pale pink that set off the dull brown \
braid to advantage. \
This nat showed the siy way that the
young milliner,, has of tucking awa, '
•¦lift
and there didn't seem to
¦ left for a single picnic _ mow.
dirty. It was ragged, to the straw
,. 'and then proceeded to adorn At.
No laces and flower, tor flt .
• mind you. She has a what J
ness of things. s * e " d It must .
8I nart outing bat Jj"^^.
have smart bowa and long -<vu g and
So she hunted the closets grow^
found a crisp .atln ribbon that^a
self into crisp little bow^
Bh e had ironed ".She a profes .
n;e^hff--t S:r 
one of the bow».~ tudc •* « wo Ion *
redate the <«*« *££n, T chicken who
have been a ™*£™ tQT »ake of
l0 aned the use of W V£ M es ma
art - At w y r;^ is protty gur#
terial that »h© wauw
to get It. -'¦).. :.r ft easily
An old brown beaver hat. bisl9 £or
.haped. is the most Wtf^ „ a
'STJSS doming to a g
net, and to fasten It wu»
Another tremendous
dow under the chin. An
Oi. economy of »«°<* * ha4 left
pasteboard plate th»1 _«• * e Mnt up „
was turned upsM" «"™ ' A Io ia ot .1*
« th. «»<* °'' h ; 1 ' <^tn e«e«. » *~>t
j«tt in ptlviW * swtrl °~i 4 'Sit .Us was
. ,oln S to ar«» th. P*"^ » mal[e „„
.h« fortliwltli set »""_¦_, ot it
a wreath of roses encircled the crown and
gave the finishing touch of delicate color
It waa all pink and white and blue. a3
dainty as a sweet pea garden. .
Hazel depends upon pins for the hold
ins together of her work. So do many
of the artistic milliners. She evidently
grasps the principle that trimmings must
be as loose as possible In order to be ef
fective.
Pins are convenient for her. too. with
her restless spirit. Uor her creations are
/ ephemeral things that last no longer than
/ the lilies of the field.
; But she is a whole lot happier making
and destroying than other little girls are
cuddling their dolls.
Perhaps some day touring Parisians
Trill proudly take home hats which bear
Hazel's name emblazoned in gilded let
ters upon their white linings.
This will come when Hazel sets the
fashloE.8 for Pari3. And who knows?
Talent oF L
a UWe )
M?SS OF ST*.
iipmfiftii
That |HpB
the .-Pa^srtnJ
Creations, b
y TTTLja HAZBJIi FOWZER haa hat«
I that would dazzle a Parisian favor
17 lte. The wonder of the thing is
that she makes every one of them
. herself. Think of a young lady of
six .wno has hatted herself for over a V
year. Not only does she do her own
trimming but she designs as well and the
hats. are marvelously original creations.
All is fish that comes to Hazel's net.
She can make a Parisian hat out of a
pie plate Just as readily as other people
can from a straw .frame. More readiiy,
In fact. It takes her anywhere from five
to twenty-five minutes to produce a ere- •
ation.
She Is absolute about it. With the
conviction of true genius she will toier- ,'.
ate no advice. She must have her own :
materials, her own workshop. She works
as arbitrarily as an inspired painter or
musician driving all interruptions out of
the way when her. fits of inspiration come
on.
The hats that Hazel has made number
up into the scores. But she has only a
few of these in her possession, for with *
true artistic zeal she destroys ruthlessly.
If a hat does not quite suit her, it ia
not worthy of being let live. With the
nand of fate she bears down upon it.
fears out the pins and, stitches and scat- •
cers materials upon the floor— a cluster '
JT roses here, a wing there, a bit of lace,
& frame of straw. They can't tell them
selves from the contents of the scrap
oag. Then, in the burst of a new inspira
tion, she seizes them again takes up a
mouthful of pins and goes at the materi
als with as much zest as if they were
new. And they might be, jii'Vng by the
way they turn out.
Other little girls of Hazel's age «re well
>»ough satisfied to be the dressmaker or
milhncr of a family of dolls. But thia
has always been child's play to her. She /
never cared about making such a trifling '
thmg -as a doll's hat.- She always wanted
to ma tt really, truly grown-up hats.
So she has done it
She doesn't caro for the styles that be:'
JThey arc arbitrary matters. " according to
her way of thinking, and she prefers her
¦XT' ¦„ S ? € kn ° WS what is becomi «e
2 to £ r matterS - She buiIds a
g'ass'aVX faCe ' trying " on " before th C
g"iss as sne works. '.. --- .'
wotl cV , r nCVer hOard Of Virot - She
worked out her own methods according
to her own little head, and nobody ever
i her ll0W to proceed. She wouldn't
have listened if they had.
The milliners around the neighborhood'^
of Market and Taylor streets have cme
to know her. She goes to then, for her
tnctenal* She doesn't w,nt anything
mon> of their... Advice is thrown away
..onetimes they have an old straw frame
Jthut is past its day of salableness, or a
emnact of ribbon, or a bunch of flowers
hat has fcided by exposure in the win
~nv. rcr the price of the nickel or the
dirr'- t" r.t she treasures in her chubby
litre Land they can set her up in busi
es for awhile. The only condition they
•jai.t k- ihat they shall ses the hat when
t is dane. An hcur later she proudly
Marches into the shop in a bandy new
That is what becomes of all the stray
Terries that Hazel finds rolling up hill.
Other girls can spend their all in riotous
living among the candy stores if they
There is a wonderful old • brown and
white straw, a rough mix. that has
rrrvrd her more than a dozen times. It
is a bi^ flip which .lends itself very will
ingly •.•¦> shejv/y effects. She never sees'
It but she think:; of some uew tilt to give
It. Sometimes it is dashed up rakishly
ill the fror.t. again ft; cocks i-oquettj^hly
at 'he siSe.' Onro slip dr^w it down prim
' \y Into bonnet shape ovrr her rosy little
cars.
ireasur^fJ a Ftrip o f. old fringe,
li'.tvy and Rlliea. that came in beautiful-
Ij- tcr ni<-tt:n»-hat effects. Thla was used
h Scfaclt cf an ostrich plume, and* it was
".,t..Vr'ul how n?ar the little millinpr
<«7yo so the <?"jired droopins: effect. She
.-hoo'c the frin^n until if w:us Fomewhat
tangKfT. a? a:i ostrich plume looks -when
it Is curly. Then sh» fastened one end'
iK-ar the front, hiding the end away in-
Ron!oii:^y under a knot of ribbon;, drew
the etrip of fringe alov.g the edge of the
tr.rr. lotting the ends dangle ever "so little
over.
A clupter of roses gave height to the hat
ai «5 thy brim was tilted slightly at the
fcMe, just enough to encourage co>
j.iun«-ef. Under the brim, on the side tha>
l-jrnod up. appeared a big. saucy pink
r"r<*. !ts petals lying becomingly against
ty+ hair.
""'he old broTvn and white straw was
t ¦ »» to «;<) Outy al! over again for a niag
«i..i.« -.'. F"r«»nrhy affair that cast its brim'
:'•¦¦. r> • '-• ¦-. ¦ :--¦THE SUNDAY OALI,.
in the body is brought into use; not only
the muscles in the arms and limbs, but
those of the body and neck also. And,
what a girl thinks more of, her eyes are
brightened and her cheeks take , on that
healthy color that defies imitation. '
Thin girls should play ball for a term or
two and then they need never fear an
evening, frock or a bathing suit. The
muscles in the legs are used in running,
and the calves become rounded. •When
the ball is flung from goal to goal the
arms become plump and well curved. Na
ture responds eagerly to every opportu
nity that is' given her and she acts with
quickness and ability. The jumping and
tumbling stirs up the circulation so that
the blood is sent to every tissue in great
quantities.
Instead of sitting at home and doing all
kinds of fancy work, join a basket ball
team and get down to hard work. Play
a while each day and see if the kink in
your back does not unknot. You will feel
better all around. The soft flesh, which
Is more of a hindrance than anything else,
will harden, and when muscle develops,
as it will, you will not only be symmetri
cal, but healthy.
Ball playing cultivates flexibility at the
waist. In the bending and twisting of the
trunk and limbs the vital organs receive
such exercise as will make them strong.
Who ever heard of a girl who is an en
thusiast over, ball having indigestion?
Don't you know a fellow who got a
Have you seen the girls In their suits?
Very picturesque they look in their
bloomers and sweaters or with their neat
suits of varied colors and their hair in
youthful braids. Once In a while the en
tire team will be dressed exactly alike
and then they look ever so much more
formidable and ever eo much more busi
ness-like.
Candy by the pound Is the favorite
wager, and many a box Is lost or won ac
cording as one's faith In one's team Is jus
tified or not. In fact, basket ball is the
Question of the day. It is not considered
Quite the proper thing to manifest no in
terest in the sport and woe to the girl
who does not throw her hat in the air
and shriek "Hurrah!" at the top of her
lungs.
The families and friends of the players
range themselves on either side of the
hall and cheer their own team with as
much vigor and good will as their broth
ers co at an intercollegiate game.
Girls have not taken up basket ball as
a fad. but as part of their regular gym
nastic training. In the larger cities where
there are a number of teams the rivalry
is intense.
in throwing, and the woman who
can toss a straight ball is the very rarest
exception. ,
gASKET BALL has come to stay.
It is an absolute certainty that
football and baseball will never be
popular with women. One is too
rough and the other requires skill
PLAY THAT MEANS HEALTH,
STRENGTH AND FUN FOR
CALIFORNIA MAIDS.
to the ; proper > person. : ,
I Perhaps you do not think one's temper
Is exercised as well. Imagine getting a
rattling. good. push and sprawling on the
floor as hard as possible. - And the worst
part of .It -too, V is losing , the . ball. One
might be able to get over the black eye
and, if UTie truth be tola, more than a
few. tiffs.: . " (
Last year Berkeley heTfl It, but Reno
defeated her and won it. Now. the Chico
girls are. living In high hopes, for they !n
turn have defeated Reno. The Chico
girls, by the way, are H. J. Crisler, Daisy
our minister's sermon: He didn't dilate
on the other side of the question. She
No, but don't you remember he declared
"&s to the other side I have nothing to
say" ? He— Of course, but why didn't he
fellow his usual plan and say It?—Phila
delphia Press.
nearly as welL Beauty of face does not
necessarily fascinate. Gracefulness of
form and wit combined are frequently
the secret of a woman's power. And
what woman under the shining sun would
not go through all kinds of torments to
have such charms?
Basket ball is a sure agent as a beauti
fier. There Is nothing so far that will
take Its place as an all-around, exhilarat
ing exercise except tennis. Every muscle
The game Is an easy one to understand.
As a rule 'there are nine girls on a side,
but when only five constitute a team,
the work is too hard.
Each "man" has her. own place. There
is the center, left forward center, left
back center, left guard, right guard, left
and right forward and two extra men.
So you see each "man" has her own re
sponsibility; she plans positions; she must
run at the right time and pass the ball
He— There was one peculiar thing abort)
steamboats,- gas, Kerosene, teieynone or
electricity.
There were no millions of gold to lend to
foreign nations or to buy the Philippines.
Men wore muffs to keep their hands
warm.
There were, no expositions, horse shows,
food fairs or music halls.
There were no daily papers or typeset
ting machines.
There was but one type foundry. Type
was made by pouring metal into a mold,
letter by letter, and sold for $4 a pound.
There were no cylinder presses. Hand
presses, requiring a single impression for
each sheet, were good enough.
There were taxes, and they were ona
slxth to one-tenth of the total value year
ly.
Church collections were mads In a bag
fastened to a long stick, and a bell, at
tached to be rung when the expected con
tributor was asleep.
There were ho raglans or fancy mixed
drinks.
There were no after-dinner speakers.
Bion of ten minutes. After The "rest" the
girls change fields and contend for ifie
opposite basket. However one plays it,
whatever rules are followed or the num
ber that constitute a game— none of this
mass makes any difference in the run
ning or throwing. The exercise part of
it is the same. It is bound to develop
great agility and endurance, for unless
one scampers lively it means knocks,
cuffs and even kicks, and a few of these
go a long way.
There is- a game called the "line ball,"
where every girl stays strictly within her
own line, but that game is not univer
sally popular, as it restricts action great
ly. The girls who are the most vigorous
scorn such. ball and refer to it as "sissy,"
which expresses their contempt for it.
When the rules that men use are accept
ed we may know that the women have
been trained to more . physical endurance
than they have at the present time.
The coast championship Is a question
that causes a great many discussions.
It is nothing unusual now to see men
seated on the bleachers and howling for
dear life. There ¦was a time when a man
*ho appeared fatherly was allowed in, or
on rare occasions Borne fellow was spe
cially invited for some very good reason,
but woe to the stray chap who blundered
in. ' He was no sooner seated than he
was told that his presence was distinctly
superfluous, and that If he did not get
out in a hurry he might suffer bodily
nftiTH-
Thls sudden popularity of basket-ball
taa a good foundation. There Isn't any
thing that develops or beautifies the body
nasty cat on the arm or a dislocated) bone
fiom football? Ten to one whenjt was
being dressed a sympathizing friend said.
"I don't believe it will leave a scar," and
ten to one the injured chap answered,
"Oh won't it," just as though it meant
life and death. That exactly describes
the girls. They dive for a ball on the
hard earth, and a few bruises more or
less amount to nothing. One girl who
had two black eyes laughingly said, "Oh,
I mean to patent them. They're pretty
fine!" Because they, had been received
in a good cause she was duly proud of
her beauty marks. .
Boston. - "" .
Trousers were fastened with pegs and
lacings.
Every housewife raised her own flax
and wool and spun her own linen and
cloth.
There were no railroads, telegraphy
Virginia had one-fifth of the population
of the United States.
Two stages carried all the travel be
tween Boston and New York.
Two shillings was a day's pay.
Twelve to fourteen hours was a day's
work. ! V-\' i
One factory made all the hats.
They were all cocked hats.
The whipping post and pillory stood In
One Hundred Years Ago.
Fouls are common. If a girl runs with
the ball the whistle blows and the other
side have & free throw for the basket.
Such a basket counts 1, while a throw
from the field counts' 3.* Kicking or strik
ing with the flats, or tackling an oppo
nent counts for a free trial for the oppo
site side, which does not mean much,
glory. *
The game Is played in two parts of
twenty minutes each with an intennia-
Of course the object of the game is to
throw the ball into the basket and to pre
vent the opposite side from doing the
same. When each girl has her place the
referee starts the game by putting the
ball Into play. She tosses it in the air
and at the same time blows her whistle.
Before anybody can throw it, one of the
centers who stand reaay to jump for It
must have touched it. Then follows a
general rush from both sides. The ball
goes whizzing toward the goal and then
back again, just as luck wills it.
A regular game is played always the
same. The large ball is of rubber in
closed in a tightly laced leather case, and
it weighs about eighteen ounces. The
goals are hammock nets of cord suspend,
ed from rlngr eighteen inches in di
ameter. One is placed at either end of
the field and "about ten feet from the
ground." : L,
if a point had been scored, but to gain
merely a doubtful -. beauty mark tries
one's patience to the fullest extent.
Violet Cohn, Florence Johnson, Nellie
Davis, Grace Braddock, Fay Dickey, Cleo
McMahon, Stella Dickey, Belle Sanford
and Ethel Martin make the nine Stock
ton girls who are coming to the front in
this play ol girls. The Reno glrla have
just played a game with Berkeley, and
the girls wh> play under blua and gold
have returned to Nevada to return the
compliment, but before they started on
their Journey the challenge of Stockton
and Chlco was accepted and the girls are
all training for the contest. 1 V, .
Konodel, Maybelle l-..7ls. Gretta Peter
son, Clara Cris*er (captain), Grace Ker
.mode, Gra Taylor, Lillian Branham and
G. Bryan— and they puf up a rattling
good came. - „ " A ».
POPULAR CONTESTS THAT ARE
PLAYED WITH UNUSUAL
VIGOR AND GOOD WILL.
310. 4c Ks* 2s Qs
11- 8c Js 4h* 2c
12. Kc 3s 2d lOd*
13. Ac 73 s<* 3c
North and South 6, E. and "W. 7.
Tck.N. JE. g. \V.
1- 4d Jd Kd« 3d
2. 5s 33 9s 10.<»
3. |d 9c . 2d Ad*
4. 5h 3h 2h Ah*
5. 7h 6h Qh« Jh
6. Qc« : Jc 5 C 2c
• 7. Kc* 4s 23 3c
8- Ac 8h* g s 10c
9. 4c 6s ' 4h« A3
10. 6c 9h Kh* W'l
11. Qd« .7s 7d 6d
; 12. 8c* _. J 3 8d Qs
13. 7c* Ks 9d N>d
Star denotes winning trick.
North and South 9, East and West 4.
No coinments i^ed be made on the play
of table one except that his return of the
diamonds is bad Play.
At the play of the second table at trick
two he opens the top of his weak suit, ,
instead of returning the diamond. The V
noteworthy feature la South's clever play
at trick eight, when he refuses to over- u
truir.p East, discarding his losing spad«
Instead, thus making all the remaining
tricks and a dear gain of three.
For instance, if he trumps a doubtful
trick; if he has an opportunity, of forcing
you and does not; If he returns to you the
last card he has in your suit, In prefer
ence to opening his own suit; if he, takes
a force and refuses to lead : trumps, al
though he knows that you have an es
tablished suit; if he passes a trick because
Yoar partner may inform you in a num
ber of ways that he does not object to
being forced. This is one of , the cases
where you are justified In forcing him,
even though weak yourself. '-
strength in trumps, you should use discre
tion. If you force him there is some risk
attending upon it; he may have no trumps
or he may be overtrumped: Besides, if
partner does succeed in getting in his
trump he must then lead something and
you should carefully consider what this
lead is most likely to be and jits effect
upon the play of the combined hands.
Tour strength in trumps .usually justifies
you in forcing partner, but before doing
so you should feel that your hand is
strong enough to resist any attempt the
opponents may make to exhaust trumps. .
ANOTHER LESSON IN THE INTERESTING WHIST SERIES.
"Well, mamma, I was awfully sleepy,
so I just asked God If ha wouldn't excusa
me to-night, and He said 'Oh, don't men
tion It, Miss Brooks.' **
""What do you mean by that, dear?**
Tha caller stayed only a short **™<s
and when the mother went upstairs again
sha asked tha little girl it sha^had said
her prayer. ,
"Yes, mamma. I did and I didn't.** aha
said. ' —
One evening as har mother was tucking
her snugly In bed, v tha maid stepped In
and said there was a caller waiting In tha
parlor. Her mother told tha little one to
say her prayer, and said that sha would
be back In a few moments.
This amusing story was told ot tha lit
tle nleca of Phillip* Brooks, the famous
divine, relates tha Philadelphia Times:
There is a tradition that wherever this
stone shall be a Prince of the Scythian
race shall rule. This was fulfilled when
James VI of Scotland became Jame3 I
of England. With the exception of Queen
Mary all our British sovereigns have been
crowned in it. It waa the subject of a
special treaty at Northampton, when it
was promised that it should be returned
to Scotland. Needless to say, that prom
ise was not kept. This Identical stone is
said to be the-ona which Jacob used for
a pillow. But the Turk3 also claim to
have Jacob's stone at Jerusalem.
The Koh-i-Noor diamond 13 similarly
said to endow it3 possessor with the sov
ereignty of India. It is the private prop
erty of his Majesty; it was presented to
the late Queen by the East India Com
pany. A French traveler mentions seeing
it In 1663, when it was in the possession
of Aurungzebe, Emperor of the Moguls.
Her late Majesty had it set in a brooch.
It has been valued at £140,000.
Napoleon caused himself to be crowned
King of Italy with the iron crown of Lom
bardy. The same kind of virtue is as
cribed to this crown as i3 credited to the
Koh-i-Ncor. But whether the virtue had
gone out of it. or, as was alleged, the
crown was not the original one, but a re
production, one thing is certain, Napoleon
did not wear It long. Though It is known
as the Iron Crown of Lombardy the only
piece of iron which it contains Is an al
leged "nail from the true cross." St.
Peter's chair at Rome, the pontifical
throne, so the tradition runs, was pre
sented to the Apostle Peter by a Roman
Senator, one of the earliest converts to '
Christianity.
Cvery one will remember what a dis
turbance there was when the British rest
dent In Ashantl carried off tha golden
stool. The golden stool Is tha throne of
the monarch of Ashantl. Tha regalia also
Includes a golden ax and a golden ho*.
The golden ax is carried before tha Aah
antt Embaasador when affairs at mon
than ordinary Importance ara In hand.
The golden hoe symbolizes tha Indention
of the King to hoa bis way through all
obstacles. Supernatural power* are at
tached to all three of them.
BUT few people at tha coronation
will be near enough to test the
truth of the tradition that the coro
nation chair In "Westminster Abbey.
King Edward's chair, gives out a sound
when a legitimate heir to the throne sits
In it. In the case of a pretender It Is
said to be dumb. The sound comes, It Is
alleged, not from the wooden framework
of the chair, but from the stone of destiny
beneath the seat. It la as well to know
thla. Otherwise one might have said that
there was nothing unusuil In a chair
creaking, especially if it were "seldom sat
upon.
CORONATION
SUPERSTITIONS.
"It's the limit; six dead to one Colt's!
No gent ever approaches but once; an*
that'^ a locoed sharp named Metzger In"
Raton. He starts in with Bill Moulton,
who's alcalde, an' beefs five an' creases
another; an' all to the same one gun.
The public, before he can reload, ha:)g3
Metzger to the sign in front of the First
National Bank, so he don't enjoy him
se'f, neither much nor long, revlewin' said
feats. As I remarks, however, Metzger's
is the sole occasion when any gent comes
the least bit near to Wild Bill's work on
the day when he locks horns with Mc-
Candlas. / Rifle an' six-shooter empty;
seven dead an* done, an' four to talk It
over with! That's the situation, by. corral
count, when Bill pulls his bowie an' starts
ln to finish up.
"It shore ain't boy's plays the quartet
who's still prancin' about the field Is as
bitter a combination as you'd hear of in
a long day's ride. Their guns Is empty,
too; an' they,, like Bill, are down to the
steel. An' thar's reason to believe that
the fight from this p'int on Is even more
interestin' than the part that's gone be
fore. Thar's no haltln' or hangin* back;
"Bill, who's as quick an* strong as a
mountain lion, with forty times the heart
an' fire, grips one McCandlas party by tlie
wrist. Thar's a twist an' a wrench an*
Bill breaks his arm. ; " "
"That's the last of the battle Bill re
members. All is whirl an' smoke an'
curse an' stagger an* cut an' stab after
that, with tables crashln' an' a wreck
an' jingle of glass.
"But-the end comes. . Whether th»
struggle fronvthe moment when it's got
down- to bowies lasts two minutes or
twenty, Bill never can say. When It's
over. Bill finds himse'f still" on his feet,
an' he's pushin* the last McCandlas stat
off his blade. The McCandlas party, split
through the heart, falls to the floor In a
dead bunch, an* Bill's alone, blood to bota
shoulders. ; ; ;"•-'-.
"Is Bill hurt? Son, It ain't much, likely
he's put 'leven tried flghtln' men Into the
misty beyond, the final four with a
knife, an' him plumb' scatheless 1 No;
Bill's slashed so he wouldn't hold ehav
in's; an' thar's more bullets in his frame
than thar's peas In a pod. The doc who
is called In, an' who prospects BUI next
-IT'S A MIGHTY FIGHT, AN 7 BELIi DON'T SUJTi'KR NONE 1.N HIS REPOOTE THAT TTAT<rftA t q APTEBNOOlf."
through the window sash, glass an' the
entire lay-out as blithe as May day, an'
was good luck an' good shootin' In com
bination.
thar ain't a bashful gent in the herd.
They goes to the center like one man.
a gun in each hand. .
"Bill cuts loose the Hawkln3 at Mc-
Candlas, as he's anxious to get the big
gun off his hands. It stops McCandlas
'squar' in the door,' as they says in
monte; only, as I observes, it's the win
dow. McCandlas falls dead outside. ]
" 'An* I'm sorry for that, too,' says B.H1
to himse'f. 'I'm preemature some about
that shot. I oughter let Jake come in.
Then I could have got his guns.'
"When McCandlas goes down, the ten
others charges with a whoop. They comes
Eoarin' through every window: they
breaks in the door;. they descends on Bill's
fortress like a 'possum on a partridge
nest! An' then ensoos the busiest season
which any gent of 'em ever butti In on.
The air is heavy with bullets an' thick
with emu. ;e. I sees the walls .of the room
later, an' they looks like a colander.
"It's a m».nty fight, an' Bill don't suf
fer none in his repoote that Kansas after
noon. Faster than youi can count, his
gun barks; an' each time thar's a warrior
less. One, two, three, four, five, six, they
p'ints out after McCandlas. an*, not a. half
second between 'em as they starts. It
"The widow accepts Bill's advice an'
makes for the storm cave. This leaves
Bill happy an' easy In his mind, for It
gives him plenty of room. an' nothin' to
think of but himse'f. An' Bill dotes on a
good fight. v . -~_ '
"He don't have long to wait after the.
widow stampedes. Bill hears the sweep
of the* 'leven McCandlas hosses as they
comes chargin' up. No, he can't see;, he
ain't quite that weak-minded as to be
lookin' out of the , window. As the band
halts Bill hears McCandlas say:
- " 'Shore, gents, that's Wild Bill's hoss.
We've got him treed, an'-sjto-morry even-
In' we'll put that long-ha'red skelp of his
on exhibition in Independence.' .Then Mc-
Candlas gives a whoop an' bluffs Bill to
come out. 'Come out yere, Bill; we needs
• you to decide a bet,' yells McCandlas.
'Come out; thar's no good skulkin'.'
" 'Say, Jake,' retorts Bill, 'I'll gamble
four to one you an' your murderers ain't
got the sand to come after me. . Come at
once if you comes; I despises delays, an'
besides I've got to be through with you
all an' back- to the stage station by dark.'
" 'I'll put you where thar ahVt no stage
lines. Bill, long before dark,' says Mc-
C&ndlas. An' with that he comes, caperin'
"Thar's a big burrow out in the yard;
what Kansas people deenominates as a
cyclone cellar. It's like a cave; every
se'f respectin' Kansas fam'ly has one.
They may not own no bank account, but
you can gamble they've got a. cyclone
cave.
"Shore, it ain't for ornament, nor yet
for ostentation. Thar's allers a breeze
blowin' plenty stiff across the plain. Com
monly, it's strenyous enough to pick up
a empty flour bar'l an' hold it ag*inst the
side of^ buildin' twenty foot from the
ground an' never drop it for a week.
Sech is the usual zephyr. Folks don't
heed them none. But thar happens along
now an' then one of these yere cyclones
which jumps a gent's camp, an' ttien it's
time to make for^ cover. Thar's nothin' to
be said back to a cyclone. It'll take the
water outen a well, or the ha'r off your
head; it'll get away with everything about
you, incloodin' your address. Your one
chance is a cyclone cellar; an' even that
refooge ain't no shorejthing. for I knowed
a cyclone once that simply feels down an'
pulls a badger outen his hole. Still, sech
as the last, I admits, Is Infrequent.
Bill, 'if you could turn a trick. But you
sees yourse'f,' you couldn't. An' you'd be
in the way. The cellar is the place; an'
I'd shore make- for it abrupt.'
a pa.ssel of resentful zealots to lookin' for
Bill a heap f'rocious, an* so be pulls his
freight for pastures new.
"It'-s mebby six months later when Bill
is holdin' down a stage station some'eres
qyer in Kansas— it's about a day's ride a.1
a road gait from lndependence^-for Ben
llolladoys overland line. Tbar's the
vnclow of a compadre of Bill who has a
wiekeyup about a mile away, an' one day
Hill gets on his hoss. Black Ne'.l, an' goes
eMUfcr.derin' over to see how the widow'*
K'ttin* on. This Black Nell hoss of Bill's
. is sume cel'brated. Black Nell is tame as
a kitten an' saveys more'n a hired man.
She'd climb a pa'r of steps an' come sa'n
tcrin' into a dance hall or a hurdy-gurd>
if , Bill calls to her, ah* I, makes no doubi
s.hc'd a-took eft her own saddle an' bridle
an' pone to bed with a par of blankets
tame as folks if Bill had said it was the
proper antic for a pony.
"It's afternoon when 'Bill rides up tc
pew-wow with this relict of*his pard. As
he comes into the one room— for said
wiekeyup ain't palatial, an' consists oj
one big room that a-way an* a jim-crow
lean-to— Bill says:
" 'Howdy; Jule?' like that.
" 'Howdy, Bill," says the widow. 'Set
down an' rest your hat while I roam
'round some an' rustle a lay-out ol
chvek.' This widow has the right idee;
folks on the plains is allers hungry.
"While Bill is camped down on a stool
waltln' for the promised carne an' flap
jacks—or whatever may be the grub hit
hostess is aimin' to cnloose — he casts s
glance outen the Window. He's interested
at once. Off across the plains he discerns
the killer, McCandlas, an' his band p'in'i
in' straight for the widow's. They're froir.
Missouri; thar's 'leven of 'em; an* al .
'bad.'
"As they can see his mare. Black Nell
standin' in frbnt of the widow's, Bill ar
gues jestly that the McCandlas outfit
knows he's thar; an' from the speec
they're makin' in their approach, he like
wise dedooces that they're heap eager fot
his company.
"Bill don't have to study none to tel:
that thar's somebody groin' to get action
It's likely to be mighty onequal, but
thar's no he'p; an' so Bill pulls his gun
belt tighter, an' organizes to go as far as
he can. He has with him only one six
shooter; that's a-, severe oversight. Now
if he was packin' two, the approachin'
encounter would have carried some feach
eis of comfort. But he's got a nine-incl
bowie an' that's a element of relief. Wher
l;is six-shooter's empty he can fall bach
, on the knife, die hard and leave his mark.
"As Bill rolls the cylinder of his pistol
to see that she's wcrkin' free, an' loosens
the bowie so's to avoid delays, his eye
falls on a eight-spar' Hawkins rifle hang
in' above the door.
" 'Is it loaded, Jule?' asks Bill.
"'Loaded to gyards,' ,says»the widow.
" 'An' that ain't n'o fool of a Diece of
news, neither,' says Bill, as he reaches
down the rifle. 'Now, Jule, you-all better
stampede into the cellar a whole lot onti!
further orders. Thar's goinf to be som*
heated times 'round yere an' you'd run
the resk of gettin' scorched without bein'
of any use.'
" 'I'd sooner stay an' see it out^ Bili,
says the widow. Widows is brave, tha':
a-way.
"* 'An' I'd shore say "stay," Jule,' says
BY MBS. E. P. SCHELL.
WHEN to force and when not to
force partner, is a most per
plexing question and must be
left in a great measure to the
good judgment of the player.
Bo much depends upon the character of
your hand, the situation, the score, the
inference drawn from the fall of the cards
that no set rules will meet all cases. The
general rules given are as good as may
be devised, and the student should ¦, ad
here to them. The advanced player will
follow them in the absence of any infor
mation afforded by the play to warrant
him from breaking them.
Here are some eeneral rules which apply
to forcing your partner:
First— Do not force your partner when
¦weak in trumDs.
Second— You may force your' partner
when you are strong in trumps.
Third— Force partner though weak in
trumps when he has shown a desire to be
forced.
Fourth— When a cross-ruff Is evident.
TELL you-all a tale of blood!"
The Old Cattleman's tones rang
with a note of peevishness, "it
s-hore irritates me a heap, son.
¦nlun you Eastern gents Jocks
fillers to the West for stories red an*
crippin" with n:urder. Which mighty
likely now, the West is plenty peawfu!
compared with this ye:e East it«e'f-
Thar's one thing you can put in your
mem'randum book for foot ure refrence,
an' that is, for all thorn yraris 1 Inhabits
Arizona an* Texas an' sim'lar impulsive
an* energetic localities, 1 never troubles
for my life, an' goes about plumb furt is r e,
expectin' every moment is groin' to be by
next that a-way. ontil I finds myse'f
camped on the sunrise «<f the Alleghenies.
I regyards the East as a mighty onsafe
region an' fo I tells you."
Having thus defended the West from
Eastern aversion and properly estab'
lished its status as a theattir of peace
and lamb's wool gentleness, my talkative
friend appeared relieved. The red flush ,
left his furrowed forehead and he was
composed apain with his usual genial air.
"Nacheraliy, I admits." he "went on,
"thar has been a moOicum of blood shed
west of the Mississippi an' some s;light
share tharof can be charged to Arizona.
No, I can't say I deplores these Tallin's
none. Every pent has got to die. For
one, mighty glad the game's rigged,
that a-way. I'd shore "hesitate a' lot to
be born, onless 1 was assured I'd up an'
some day cash in. Live forever? No,
son; don't confer on me no sech gloomy
outlook. If a angel was to appear in our
midst, an' show a commission from Om
nipotence, an' then saw .off on me the
news that I was to go on an' on as I be
now, livin" forever like that Wanderin'
Jew you reads of in the book, the "in
formation would stop my clock right tliar. .
Thar's straight; I'd drop dead in my
moccasins.
"It don't make much difference, wheii
you gives yourse'f to a ea'm considera
tion of the question as to when you dies
or how you dies. The important thing
Is. to die as becomes a gent of sperit who
has nothin" to regret. Every one soon
or late comes to his trail's end. Life is
like a faro game. One sport has ten dol
lars, another a hundred, another a thou
sand, and still others has rolls that would
pack a mule. But whether a gent is
weak or strong, pore or rich, it's writ
ten in advance that he's doomed to go
broke final. He's doomed to die. Thar
fore, when that's settled, of what mo
ment is it whether he goes broke in a
hour, or pikes along for a week— dies to
day or postpones his funeral for years
an' xnebby decades? None at all. The
matter of when you die is of ¦some con
cern as a fear, mebby, but you can put
down a bet it's of no importance as a
fact; and one hundred years from now
if somebody asks you the question you'll
reply as I do now.
"Holdin' to these yere views, you can
see without my tellin' that a killin', once
It be over, ain't likely to harass me
much. Like all the rest of folks, I've
been trailin' out after my grave ever
since I was foaled— on a hunt fcr my
sepulcher, you may say— an' it ought not
to pecooliarly shock me plumb to a show
down jest because some pard tracks up
eg*inst his last restin' place, spreads his
ultimate blankets an* goet into final
camp a trifle before it come my turn
An* with the last word, that's all .thar is
to the business of dyin*.
"But, spcakin' of killin's, the most on
usual I ever hears of is when Wild Bill
Hickox cleans up the Jake McCandlas
cang. I don't witness this carnage noue
myse'f; but I receives the story from
B111'6 own lips, an' my notion is that on
the broad lines he don't overplay the facts
for one white chip. This Bill I knows
intimate; he's not so locoed as his name
•Wild Bill' might lead a gent to concloode.
The truth is, he's a mighty 'crafty, care
ful form of sport; an' he never pulled a
gun ontil he knew what for an' never on
hooked it ontil he knew what at. An*
epeakin* of the latter— the onlookin* part
that Wild Bill never missed. That's his
one gift; he's born to make a center shot
¦whenever his six-shooter expressed itse'f.
"This McCandlas time is doorih' them,
border troubles between Missouri an*
Kansas. Jest prior tharunto Bill gets the
Ul-will of the Missouri outfit by some gun
play he makes at Independence, then the
eastern end of the old Santa Fe tralL
What Bill accomplishes at Independence
U a heap artistic an* effectual an' does
him credit. But it don't endear him none
to the Missouri heart. Moreover, it starts
Cojiyrlsht, VW2. by ltobeit Howard nusseli
THE WHIPING OUT
OF McCANDLAS.
"It's the widow who rcscoos Bill; she
emerges outen her cyclone cellar an*
saves Bill from a death by drowning. An'
he lives, too; lives to be downed years af
terward when up at Deadwood a timid
party ¦who don't dare come "round in
front drills Bill from behind. But what
can you look for? Folks who lives by the
sword will perish Jay the sword as the
scripters sets forth, an' I . reckons them
warnin's likewise covers guns. But it's
shore a dandy fight, that fight of Bill an*
the McCandlas band; 'leven. an' all war
riors: an* Bill able at the close to crow
en' count up his game."
"When the battle is over an peace re-
Boomes its sway, Bill begins to stagger.
An' he's preyed on by a ragin' thirst. Bill
steadies himse'f along the wall; an' weak
an' half blind from the mists of fightin".
he feels his way out o' doors.. Thar's a
tub of rain water onder the eaves; it's
the only thlr.s Bill's chinkin' of at the
last. He bends down u> tlrink; an' with
that faints an' falls, with his head in the
tub, ">
day, allers allowed he recovers ;i full
pound of lead from Bill.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
he has been able to place that you have
the command, and discards a low card,
such as the 2, 3. or 4, he Invites a force.
In most all of these cases he. has indi
cated to you his willingness to be forced.
But if he should be forced to trump a
winning card it does not imply that he
desires to be forced again.
¦ When strength - of trumps Is declared
against you, this mere fact alone is not
sufficient ground for you to force your
partner, \ particularly if ; you are very
wea"k In trumps; the fact of your being
very weak might indicate that your part
ner had fair strength. |
Usually, however, . it Is best to offer
partner the opportunity, , as ' he can ex
ercise his . own judgment \ In • taking the
force. If the opponent calls and the other
echoes strength, you can unhesitatingly
force him. Also if the opponent's tr^imp
lead shows very, great strength you can
force himV;^^ ,.'
When ypu are forced by your, adversary,
or unintentionally forced by your partner,
here is an. opportunity for you to,exer»
else your own good Judgment.
-•¦¦¦.-¦ •. . \ . » • •rr,i
If you are forced intentionally or other
wise by your opponent, second hand, your
position is worthy of due deliberation.
| If you ' refuse to take the force your
partner will understand that you have
four, good trumps arid a fair suit. and will
lead you a trump at the first opportunity,
as , there j can be no more Imperative call
for trump than this. |
It. is just as important to. know. when
to " force your ' adversary as it is when
not to force your partner.
If it is good play to fore© your partner
when he Is weak in trumps it is certainly
any advantage ' to force v the adversaries
when they are strong. ' If you are forcing
the adversary -and he refuses to take the
force,- force him again.
Great care should be taken that you
are forcing the strong hand, and not the
weak one. Of all the exasperating situa
tions at the whist table is to have your
partner give the strong hand a discaru
and the weak hand a force. ¦
Early in the game, if you are weak in
trumps, do not hesitate to force' the op
ponent if. early In- the play if he shows
he is void of your suit, as It nearly al
ways turns out that you are forcing' the
strong hand.
An extraordinary deal. Th© variation
in the scores was most remarkable in play
for the A. W. U challenge trophy.
C— A, K, Q, 8, 7, 6, 4.
¦ WEST. EAST. *
' S.— A, Q, 10. V S.— K, J, 7, 6, 4, 3.
H.— A, J, 10. : • H.— 9, 8, 6, 3.
' C —10 3 2. C — J 9.
Queen of hearts turned by South. West
2. Bd 9c ! 7d Ad*
3. Qc* Jc 5c 10c
4. 6s . ¦ 4s " 8a 10s*
5#~7h Sh 2h Ah*
6. Bh 6h Qh* Jh
7. 6c 8h . Kh* lOh
8» Qd 9h« - 9d 6d
9. 7c - to 9a -" •: As*
In applying the second rule- of forcing
your partner when you have great or fair
In regard to the first rule of hot forc
ing your- partner when weak in trumps
it applies of course to the early part of the
hand, before there has been any declara
tion of strength or weakness. The ob
ject of not torcing \ your partner when
weak in trunms is clear; you weaken
him and strengthen the opponents. For
instance, if you force your partner when
holding but two trumps and your partner
takes the force holding four, this, leaves
the adversary with the long trump; for
the sake of a trick made by the force, you
may render comparatively worthless a
good hand and place yourself and partner
at the mercy of your adversaries. My ad
vice to beginners Is to follow this rule,
as it should rarely be violated.
Seventh— Force your adversaries when
they have shown trump strength, by
either a call or a lead of }rumps.
Fifth— When ereat strength in" trumps,*
is declared agrainst you.
Sixth— Force partner when In your Judg-/
ment the situation is Justifiable.
WOLFVILLE STORIES
4room, and elwver machinists are at work
in thm dynamo room, the hottest spot in
th« ship, where the temperature often
reaches 120 degrees. In the ammunition
passages men are shining the brass plates
which connect with the sliding doors in
th« angina room* below, and which by
manipulation can b* closed to prevent
possibility of the engines being flooded.
Perhaps the two "moat unpopular spots
on a naval vessel are the sick bay or hos
pital, with its clean white cots, and the
"brig." or prison, with its cells of heavy
painted iron, in which are men confined
for .various periods, on a diet of bread and
water. Before the loophole of the door
paces a marine," relieved every two hours
times called the "sailor's piano."
. Bailors are versed In 'many trades, and
ft has been said that should a battleship:
be wrecked' on" an uninhabited island a
small town could be completely built by
tha vessel's - creV, as some man could be
found for almost any ' kind of work to be
performed. .
A not uncommon sight on a naval ves
sel Is bronzed ; and stalwart seamen using
bend-power sewing machines. These men
'make uniforms from regulation cloth pur
chased from the paymaster, and maka
not only their . : own ' clothing, .- many oi
them, but receive orders from their ship
mates. Several barbers are useful on »'
battleship, and they are . generally kept
pretty busy; after the general \muster,
which takes place on the quarterdeck on
the . first Sunday of each month. 3 Each
man's name is called, he answers his rat
ing, and as the sailors say, "walks around \
a stick." If long hair is one of his visible
discrepancies he Is sent to the barber.
The crew of the Wisconsin have two
baseball teams and have only lost one
game, out of ; twenty T ln a v year.-'' Their
racing. boat crew made the Iowa "lose her
pride" about a year ago. Then was heard
the Wisconsin yell;V.
. One, two, three, who art w«?
We are the boys of tha new nav**t ;.'
Are we, in it? Yes, we are.
Wisconsin! Wisconsin 1 Rah! rah! rah!
In the quarters of .the^wardroom offt-
cera all Is serene and qtitat at this hoar
of the day. „ The white-gloved orderly sits
on the alert before the door of the ad
miral's cabin. .Though Rear Admiral
Casey, as commander in chief of the Pa
cific squadron, make* his official home on
the Wisconsin, he has no direct command
over this particular ship, and all orders
come through Captain George A. Relter,
In command. To an onlooker, the . main
business of the day for the officers of a
battleship when not,, ln^ action 'i« to b©
present and direct the many, drills. . .
At ten minutes before noon the omni
present bugle sounds mesa gear and be
low there la a great rattle of tables being
let down, -They are all hung by wires to
tT the callers In double quick time. An
other most realistic drill is what is known
a* "abandon ship." This is practiced reg
ularly, so that in caae It becomes a real
ity that the ship is In collision or has
been rammed in action, every one knows
what to do. The boats are manned, the
men respond to the captain's call of "step
lively there.'* and everything needful la
passed to the bo?ta. The whistles sound
a signal that the ship is sinking and all
water-tight doors are to be dosed. There
Is a call or two from the division officers:
"All ready, sir," and In a few moments
more the drill Is over, and the decks re
sound with tramping feet to the sound of
the bufle calling retreat from drill. Ev
ery three months target practice goes on.
when the decks are cleared as in action
and great guns as well as revolvers are.
brought into use.
Sometimes this practice will be when
tne ship Is under way at sea, at other
times record practice takes place In the
harbor. In the past year the Wisconsin
has broken the record for a Ions cruiie,
having: made 19,000 miles in twelve months.
After daily drills are over, the division
officers and others all report to the exec
utive officer. The officer of the deck on
a battleship is also an important person
age, even though a new officer relieves
him every four hours. He has everything (
In charge, and must be notified of any
thin? done. Happenings In his depart
ment find a place In the ship's log.
At 7 bells or 3:30 p. m. the bosun's mata
pipes which means every
thing is to be swept down fore and aft.
And as the sailors say, "all the splt-kito
are emptied out." Then again Jacky Is
at leisure for a time, and the "smoking
lamp" Is supposed to be lit. Boxing, bag
punching, cards, are some of the amuse
ments, and the string band which the
men have among: themselves may gather
}n the barber shop for practice. The two
goats, the "possum and a cat. which are
tb« snip's mascots, come In for their
share of attention. Perhaps there Is some
talk of going ashore and hitting the
"dog," as whisky Is known to the sailors.
On Wednesday and Saturday much time
Is given to mending clothes^ seeing visi
tors, etc Swimming exercise and instruc
tion Is had dally when circumstances will
permit. After dark searchlights are exer
cised and night signals go on. There are
many other drills during a week too nu
merous to mention here. The Sunday
routine is much the same with the addi
tion of the captain's inspection and morn
ing service by the "sky pilot." There i3
plenty of yarn spinning in the afternoon.
At five minutes to 5 p. m. sounds the
officers* call for evening quarters at 5.
Once more comes the familiar call of mess
gear, and pipe to supper at three bells.
At four bells "turn to" sounds again, but
not much work goes on. Soon the band
ceases to play on the quarterdeck. On
Wednesday and Saturday nights the sail
or* usually have a ball on the fo'cas'le.
The executive officer^ goes around at
six bells and inspects the lower decks
again. "Hammocks" Is sounded at 7:30
and "Jimmylegs" goes around to chase
up the men again. ' Then the bosun's
mate pipes down, the hammocks are
slung and at eight balls the anchor watch
lay aft to muster. Tattoo sounds at 9
and five minutes later booms out the
evening gun.- Then comes the slow notes
of "Taps" or all lights out and all hands
turn t in save the quartermaster. tha an
chor watch and the signal boy.
But not so peaceful is a night when the
ship Is In action. Then the picket boats
are out. There are watches on starboard
and port, and men at different points on
deck to report anything floating In sight.
The guns are manned and all lights are
out except In the fire room. There may
be a long last sleep for some before tha
bu?le rhnil sound the beginning of an
other day. 'j.
structure or the fo'caane. . Borne are hav
ing a turn at the guitar or, the sailor's
favorite Instrument, the accordion, some-
Ablutions followed by coffee fill in the
Kpace of a half hour until three ..belle,
v. hen "Turn to" piped on the whistle
by th»: boVun's mate puts every man
J&cSfy on the alert. At once they are a
busy lot. some of them cleaning ship,
ethers scrubbing and washing clothes.
This v.ork is ktpt up until twenty min
ute* past seven when the bugler's call
oi "mess gear" rings through the ship.
Mess gear means in the language of a
landsman to "prepare .for breakfast."
whieli on shipboard is called for 7:80 oi
eeven bells.
Eight b*lls rings out to the sound of
the "Star Spangled Banner" played by
the ships Land. The flag is being raised
and every man on the ship faces aft and
ealutes, as Old Glcry reaches the truck.
The quarterdeck is the official hall of the
ship, eo to speak. All the dignitariesNd'ho
visit the shop are received on the star
board side of the quarterdeck, known as
the official side of the ship. Here is th«
scene of any important naval ceremony,
and here the ship's band plays every
morning and afternoon. There is no more
Inspiring music than that of a ship's band
as It comes in bursts over the water on a
still afternoon. The band of a warship
usually plays well, for It spends from ten
to half past eleven o'clock every morning
Is practice.
. The quartermasters and enlisted men
regard the port side of the ship as more
especially their own field.
Deck bright work and gun bright work
1b the next task for the men, and they
ere ehlniner brass for the half hour until
one bell rings again. If one on land should
go by. bells the four-hour system of a
ship would probably mix him at first
worse than It does on board, but like
many other things. It is simple after one
knows it. If nothing else had to be done
on a warship it is a task to keep the
men-kiliers bright and shining, and one
can always see men oiling and polishing
the runs to keep them from rusting. On
the Wisconsin there are forty-eight of
them. After the brass work is all like
Tnlrrors, the next thing on the programme
Is for all hands to get into uniform and
clear up all decks for Inspection.
At two bells the executive officer in
spects the lower decks. He has one or
two straight military figures In his wake,
as does every officer when he moves In
the navy. At this same hour the gun
captain begins the inspection, training
and testing of the monster guns in the
turrets. They revolve by electricity, the
motive power that brings up on a hoist
from below right to the breech of the
gun a semi-circular car of ammunition.
As the turret spins at the rate of 270 de
grees in thirty-six seconds, the gun cap
tain has only to put his eye to the sight
drum, which can be graduated to a dis
tance of 12,000 yards, train the gun at the
desired elevation by means of an electri
cal crank, press a handle near him, and in
less than a breath the 14-inch wall of the
turret and its surroundings -are shaken
it would seem almost to disintegration by
the epitting belch of the monster. Thero
are twenty-four men in the crew that
handle the guns of the turrets fore and
aft, and four times a week they are
drilled in what they have to do In time
of action. Tile two guns . of a turret,
each forty feet long, can fire six shots iu
a space of four minutes.
As to drills, there are different ones
on a battleship for almost every day of
the week. But the inspection of the mag
azines and explosives is a daily operation.
The magazines are inspected morning
and evening, and the temperature taken
from the very delicate thermometer there.
A pronounced odor of ether, which is one
cf the constituents of smokeless powder,
is noticeable upon entering these maga
zines. Other places inspected often are
the shell rooms, full of deadly projectiles.
There are the 13-inch black-nosed com
mon shells, the red semi-armor piercing,
a more solid shell, and the blunt-nosed
armor-piercing. All these magazines can
be filled with water If necessary by flood
cocks connecting with the deafc. There
are Jackle3 always on duty watching the
magazines, and in very hot countries as
I> j.' ZJalFJEB DEZENDOBJ?.
1 can't get >ir. up. I can't get 'em up.
1 c-in't get "em uy in the morning;
1 ran't pet "em up. I can't get 'em up,
1 can't set "era up at all!
TA RA-A-A the last note of
reveille has sounded close upon the
echoing boom of the mon.iwK gun.
With Ihe stroke of two beUs and
tne bus'.e eajl an official day has
Utsuu on the U. S. Battleship Wisconsin.
The call of the muezzin from * Turkish
sn< s=que is not half so compelling or con
stant hs the note of a bugle on a. war
f-hiy. 1: is the keynote of each day, and
il> :iotea are commands.
Just a quarter of an hour before, the
quartermaster from his station on the
forward bridge has sent one of the watch
to call the Los'un's mate, the master at
arm* and the bugler. The bos'un's male
calls all hands, and Jimmylegs, the Jack
ies' pet name for the master at arms,
gets around at a lively rate among the
thickly swung hammocks of the berth
deck to shake some tardy sleepers. On
this groat floating fort there are five
hundred and sixty men, and all sleep in
hammocks' save the ward room officers
and tfc^p netty officers
keep them from swinging in a rough sea.
Dinner is piped at eight bells promptly
and twenty-six messes sit down to that
meal. It. is hardly finished when there is
a cry 'of "MaiJ. ho!" and fortunate, tars
are soon looking over letters and papers.
"Turn to" is sounded at 1 o'clock, and
Jack is busy again. -Some are in the tor
pedo room polishing the tubes that send
the torpedo at a speed of thirty knot3
through the water or air. Still others
are painting o*- shellacking decks or door
ways, for there is always something to
*e painted on a naval vessel. Men are
busy making hammocks in the saihnaker's
by another guard. Aft at this hour the
officers are donning 1 gloves and swords,
preparatory to mere drills. At 1:23 the
buglers sound officers' call, and at three
bells the drill call goes. One day it may
be fire drill, with a general alarm. One
bell means a fire forward: two bells, that
one has been discovered aft. All the hose
is let out, the ports are closed and men
stand by to turn on flood cocks leading to
the magazines.
Sometimes this Is followed by "arm and
away," when the Boats are equipped to
send in harbor and make a land attack,
under cover of shelling of a port by the
ship. Arms and water breakers, provis
ions and boat tackle are all brousht out
THE SUNDAY CALL.
physical drill with mni ana guns a» ta
rpected. These routine drills go on until
10:20, when retreat from drill ia sounded.
many as one hundred men are ordered to
this duty.
At twenty-five minutes after 9 the bugle
rolls out . the first call for quarters, and
five minutes later quarters is sounded.
This is really a muster and occurs morn
ing: and evening. Some days it holds
more of ceremonial than setting: up drill;
as at general quarters on Thursday, when
every gun on the ship is manned and am
munition provided as if going into action.
At quarters everybody is out, and the
captain and officer of the day reign su
preme. The division officers report the
five deck divisions into which the men
are divided, the engineers and the ma
rines, and soon the decks both fore and
aft are filled by moving lines of blue and
white as the Jackies go through various
calisthenic evolutions:
On Fridays each division has a different
drill The marine guard is put through a
At U o'clock work is knocked off on
deck. In these brief intervals the sallora
show that they are jolly tars on ship^
board as well as on shore. Little knots
of them may be found everywhere, some
reading, some spinning yarns, some walk
ins briskly arm in arm through the super-
DAILY LIFE IN A
BATTLE
-SHIP
5" "But •' eruptions sometimes come In
series. Then, too, - it may be that the
two volcanoes which are Btill ' more or
less active, Souf riere and V Mont Pelee,
work .somewhat as "Mount Vesuvius and
Mount Etna have been known to work,
the one Inactive while the other emits
more or lesa violently. \
"Speaking only from what I have read
of the recent eruption in Martinique, and
from what we know geologically and his
torically of the region, I am of the opin
ion that inasmuch as there was , more
than. one eruption, it appearing that there
was also one on St. Vincent, there will
be no Immediate successive eruption.- The
tendency . will be to subside, now that
some n relief has been afforded the vol
cr.nic forces beneath the surface.
•*™N EALLY, there is absolutely no
f J telling what the volcanoes may
r"Y do," said Henry Shaler •Williams.
X \ Silliman professor of geology in
X Yale University. "They are not
well understood by any one, for the
laws upon which they operate are' riot
well known. There are certain signs by
which experts can tell within a compara
tively short time what some of them are
likely to do;. but in the instance of some
other volcanoes they may break forth
without any warning , at all.
EY PROFESSOR HENRY STTALER
WILLIAMS OE YALE.
"The modern scientific theory of the
emission of lava Is simply that the tre
mendous pressure upon the rocks, down a
few miles, Is so great that despite the in
tense heat they are kept not quite mol
ten, almost solid, perhaps. •
"When the explosion takes place, reliev
ing the 'pressure, It happens oftentimes
that the rocks turn from : their solidified
state to a melttn condition. Man spoke of
"Out In our own Yellowstone] Park the
geysers are instances of this steam gen
eration. The volcanoes there have not
been active for thousands of years, but
the earth has not cooled very far down
yet, and the steaming water that spouts
out and up is in the nature of its action
volcanic. In Mexico not very long ago
there was one volcano, long inactive,
upon which the rocks were still so hot
that one could light a cigar by touching
the end of it to the. stone.
"A volcanic eruption is, on a grand
scale, an explosion caused by the gener
ation of steam in the great boiler under
the surface. I am of the opinion that
there were some great crevices in the
vicinity of the island of Martinique,
through which water either percolated
for many years or by the subsiding of
the sea a great inrush of water took
place. The fact that the sea is said - to
have sunk a number of feet there would
seem to indicate that there Is a . very
great crack or crevice somewhere, and
that the water that rushed in was great
in volume. That produced a generation
of steam* which found vent through the
craters of the two volcanoes.
VULCANOLOGISTS" of to-day are
as much at a loss to define the
volcano as were the geologists and
astronomers of the days of Dar
win.
"Vulcanlty" Js as much a stupendous
mystery to the Christian students and
observers now hurrying to the scene of
tho unparalleled disaster at Martinique as
was the new coined word of heathen ori
gin to the Latin survivors who gazed in
awe upon the ruins of Pompeii. Similar
were the conditions; similar the ignor
ance of the spectator.
Among the first and best equipped of
epecial students to leave for St. Pierre
was Dr. E. O. Hovey, curator of the de
partment of geology In the American
Museum of Natural History. I found
him rushing to make ready for his de
parture the next day on the Government
relief ship Dixie.
There was only time for him to speak
in a general way of the previous Investi
gations of leading geologists. He was
mindful mostly of the large opportunity
opening to him for personal observation,
but be outlined certain salient results of
the studies of such men as Professors
Dana, Russell, Judd, Bonney and • Hill,
the last named having prepared a mono
graph on volcanic conditions In the West
Indies. From Dr. Hovey's suggestions
and other sources this sketch of the
known facts about volcanoes has been
carefully compiled.
The number of great habitual volcanic
vents upon the globe Is estimated at be
tween three hundred and three hundred
and fifty. There is but one on the whole
continent of Europe, Vesuvius, though
elsewhere in the Mediterranean there are
Bix— Stromboli and Vulcano, in the Li
parl Islands; Etna, in Sicily; Grahams
Island, a submarine volcano off the
Sicilian coast, and Santorlus and Nisyros,
In the Aegean Sea. The African conti
nent Is known to contain ten active vol
canoes, four on the west and six on the
east coast, and there are about ten
others on neighboring Islands. In Asia,
there are twenty-four active volcanoes,
but no less than twelve of these are situ
ated on the peninsula of Kamchatka.
There are no volcanoes in Australia.
The American continent contains ¦ m'or«
than the countries of the Old World
twenty In North America, twenty-five In
Central America and thirty-seven In
South America. Thus, taken altogether,
there are about 117 volcanoes on the great
continents and nearly twice as many on
the Islands scattered over the several
oceans.
THE MYSTERY OF "VULCANITY."
These volcanoes usually assume in their
distribution, a linear arrangement, and
nearly all of them have been thrown up
along three well-marked bands ' and the
branches ; proceeding from them. ,
The whole eastern coast ) of both the
Americas was thought to: be entirely free
from volcanoes of anything like recent
date, and, just as Professor Judd a few
years ago complacently asserted, "as a
matter of fact, the actual amount ''of
damage to life and property which is af
fected by volcanic eruptions is small,"
so Professor Benney declared that the
whole western border of the I Atlantic is
destitute of volcanic activity, "were 'Jit
not for the long island chain of the Les-;
ser Antilles which' separates that' ocean
from the Caribbean Sea."
R. T. Hill made a special study of
conditions in ¦ the Windward Islands. It
had been well known that many of the
West 'Indian Islands are of limestone,
chiefly coraline; that some contain crys
talline rocks, while jj others are volcanic.
Quite recently it was noted that seven
craters still gave signs of life by emit
ting steam and that tho curving line of
volcanic vents occurred on a. submarine
plateau between . the 'deep basin of the
Central Atlantic and -that of : the Carib
bean Sea. The activity of the Souf riere
o~ Bt Vincent was remarked' years ago.
the red hot mud that poured down tha
mountain. When that matter comes to
the cooler air at the surface, especially
if there is water with it, it is broken up
into fine particles by atmospheric influ
ences, and falls for great distances in
the form of what people descilbe as ashes.
They are not ashes, however, but par
ticles of lava.
"As to whether there will be sympa
thetic action of volcanoes in other parts of
the world, I rather doubt that. I think
the easement is local, as was the disturb
ance, and that there will be no effect at
any great distances. The thunder and
lightning which accompanied, or followed,
the eruption in Martinique were due to the
fact that tho tension of the electric forces
in the air was disturbed. The disturb
ances in the center of the earth being very
great and having an upward tendency in
relieving, there follow great changes in
the configuration of the territories. Great
masses of rocks slide and the earth opens.
That is an earthquake effect. It is pos
sible that those effects are felt at great
distances.
"Volcanoes are peculiar 1 in their action.
We really know but very little about
them. Scientists collect all the data pos- ,
sible and study them carefully, but un
fortunately it is not possible to study ;
them in action with safety. You know,
down at the bottom of the rich Comstock
lode, thf^atmosphere is still so hot that it ,
costs more to cool the air than the gold i
is worth when mined, and volcanoes have
not been active in our country for a loss
time."
UNCERTAINTY OF VOLCANOES.
Martinique last week and the still greater
eruption of Krakatoa, in the Straits of
Sunda, southeast of Asia, in 1883. So great
was the eruption of Krakatoa that vt
filled the atmosphere of the whole world
with minute volcanic dust, which for
months produced the crimson glow of
sunrise and sunset, so noticeable even In
this country. At that time a wave was
produced in the sea which overwhelmed
many cities on the neighboring coast and
was recognizable around all the conti
nents. '
While the volcanic activity of the Wind
ward Islands appears to be dying out.
still all these mentioned as having cones
are liable to reawakening activity, . but
less- so than those at the extreme north
ern end of the chain. The tension on the
earth's crust having been somewhat re-
lleved by the eruptions at Martinique and
St. Vincent, early activity would not b«
expected.
Wherever there are chains of cones,
with one occasionally active, there is al
ways danger of other cones bursting Into
eruption, and most dangerous of all are
those peaks which have been quiescent so
long that their dangerous character has
been forgotten. ;•-*¦'
Some of the earthquakes of these isl-.
ands arise directly from the volcanic
activity of the inner chain. They come
from the slipping of the earth's crust,
such as that at Charleston, far removed
from volcanoes. There is no reason : to
suppose, however, that our Atlantic bor
der should be permanently free from
earthquakes any more than the coast of
Carolina.
It must not be supposed that the
whole of the Windward chain was born
o» volcanoes such as we see, in the ele
vated peaks of to-day. In fact, the
foundations of all are of very great age,
although they were carved out by trie
atmosphere and the rains from older vol
canic materials, but so ancient as not to
be the ancestors of the modern cones.
Indeed, the southern part of Martinique,
greater volcanoes* Many of these are, fre
quently in a state of activity. Thus we
find Orizaba, a cone rising to a height of
about 10,000 feet above the ancient Mexi
can plateau, which itself is 8000 feet above
the level of the sea. Colima, only a short
distance south of Mexico City, is fre
quently in eruption. ¦ ¦¦•¦'
In Guatemala, Santa Maria, which gave
rise to the terrible destruction on April
18, began to be active last November, and
is now said to be more active than any
volcano known in America since Spanish
•occupation. While that is near the Mexi
can frontier, Chingo, on the Salvador bor
der, is also in a state of general activity.
Never So Many Eruptions as Now.
Again in Alaska another, volcano is in
eruption. . f
• So many widespread Eruptions in__the
northern continent have never been
known in the historic period. ¦'¦
Some twenty-five miles south of Guate
mala City is the old site of the city itself,
one of the most magnificent spots in the
world and having a most delightful cli
mate. Nestled in a beautiful valley among
the mountains lies the city of Antigua.
From one side rises the regular solitary
volcanic cone of Agua, while a little fur
ther away, on the other side, Is the vol
cano of Fuegoand its companion.
¦ Fuego ia said to be always ¦ hot. ¦„, The
crater of Agua' was filled with water
when in the middle of the sixteenth cen
tury it burst 'and overwhelmed the orig
inal site by a flood and buried It in vol
canic , ashes. The- city was moved three
miles farther away. and grew to be one of
great magnificence. In 1781 an earthquake
leveled it, leaving the ruins: of seventy
six churches alone, some of great mag
nificence. Then the city ' was moved to
its present site, twenty-five miles away
over the mountains. •
' - Iceland and the Hawaiian Islands are
examples of isolated cones rising out of
the* deep oceanic abysses. At' recurring
places along the whole Andes there is a
successions of great volcanoes, oft general
ly greater magnitude than in the north
ern hemisphere. ¦ "'.;¦' ¦ • '
While there have .been -many great
earthquakes recorded, still - there nave
been only two eruptions . vividly before us
equal to that of- ancient Vesuvius, and
both of these within our memory— that of
tween the two continents, such, for in
stance, as the small elephant found in
Guadeloupe; other animals in Anguilla as
large as Virginia deer and the "remains of
extinct animals reached even the region
of Philadelphia from South America by
way of this bridge in the early pleisto
cene period.
During this period of high elevation the
deep canyons were formed upon the sur
face, which cut up the continent now
forming the Windward Island region into
a number of hills and valleys, which,
upon the subsequent subsidence, left only
the isolated chain of islands which we
calif the Windward group; but the sub
sidence reduced even these islands to a
smaller area than we now find, owins
to the subsequent rise in the land, which
enlarged their area, but the drowning of
the Island land just mentioned, and which
occurred in the middle of the pleistocene
period, after the early glacial epoch, ex
terminated the animals of the islands,
which have not since been repopulated,
as such could not migrate thither frpm
either continent owing to the broad in
tervening straits.
Represent the Sunken Continent.
In a general way, the Windward Isl
ands represent the sunken continent.
Central America and Mexico illustrate the
earth's movements accompanied by vol
canic activity of the western region
which has been raised into high plateaus
while the eastern region had been sink
ing. Thus in that region we can see a
repetition of the features discovered by
the soundings about the Windward Isl
ands.
These two great lines of volcanic activ
ity, situated thousands of miles apart,
have no connection with each other what
ever, and the coincidence of stupendous
activity occurring in the two localities
only goes to show that terrestrial move
ments are now In progress along both
margins of the continents. These move
ments are along lines of weakness. In
the first place, great heat is developed
by the great friction. In the second
place, these weak lines facilitate the es
cape of the molten matter which may
arise, either through a friction of the
earth's crust of from the cisterns of
lava beneath.
While the volcanic . eruptions are more
Bv Dr. I. \Y. Spencer, author of "Reconstruction of the An
tillean Continent/' "Geological and Physical Development
of the Windward Islands, Cuba, Jamaica. Etc./' "The Du
ration of the Niagara Falls'' and "History of the Great
Lakes."
Dr. Spencer, accompanied by Mrs. Spencer, has just reached Washington, aft
er a winter spent in ilexico and Guatemala, where the earthquakes and volcanic
eruptions, recently reported, occurred, and indeed, one of the hotels where they
stayed is among the buildings destroyed. Five years ago they spent the winter hi
the" Windward Islands and were at Martinique, being for two days at St. Pierre.
The investigations which called Dr. Spencer to Central America included a
study of the stupendous changes of level of land and sea in recent geological
times and the object in visiting Central America was for the .study of the physical
features of that region in comparison with the submarine features of the Wind
ward Island::, eo vividly presented to the public at the present moment.
*-« ye ANY years ago in my mvesuga
/\ /I tions of the origin of our great
I Y I lakes ix - vras fo un d tnat lne con "
V * I tinent stood at "least 3000 feet
JL higher than at the present time
during the ages when the great> lakes'
valleys were being carved out by the
rains, rills and rivers. These investiga
tions revealed the occurrence of deep,
i iverlike valleys extending seaward across
the submerged margin of the continent.
Carrying the investigations further south
to the coast of Florida and the Bahama
Islands and Cuba, it was found that these
submerged valleys form the continental
rivers, barrancas and canyons, such as
are seen at the Grand Canyon of the
Colorado, in Arizona, in Mexico and Cen
tial America. Such valleys originate In
high plateaus of 6000 to 10,000 feet alti
tude and extend down to low level plains
and the sea.
As these valleys extend down to the
floor of the Gulf of Mexico and the Carib
bean Sea they become evidence that the
West Indian Islands once stood as high
as these riverlike valleys are now sub
merged beneath the sea. Thus the Inves
tigation showed that the Windward Isl
ands and the Bahamas and, indeed, the
whole eastern part of the American con
tinent stood once at more than two miles
above the present altitude. Herein, as
we shall see, lie the causes of the volcanic
disturbances resulting In such great dis
aster.
Gulf of Mexico Brained Into Pacific.
At the time North and South America
were bridged together by way of the
Windward Islands Mexico and Central
America were low and the valley of what
Is now the Gulf of Mexico was drained
into the Pacific Ocean across Mexico by
way of the Tehuantepec isthmus, and the
valley of the Caribbean Sea discharged
Its waters into the Pacific Ocean. Then
the Windward Islands formed the back
bone of the now submerged continent.
While this continent existed long before
the historical period, yet from the stand
point of the geologist it was very recent,
so that In the early glacial period North
and South America were connected and
stood at an altitude of two miles or more.
During the changes of level of laud and
sea, which occupied a long period, there
were many migrations of animals be-
Continuing In this chai^are; St. Vin
cent, St. Lucia, Martinique,' Dominica,
the mountainous- portions of 'Guadeloupe,
Nevis and the island > of 'St. Kitts,'* be
yond which the chain" "becomes broken
down into the numerous virgin islands
rising up out of . a -shallow sea. Fiom
Granada, in the Grenadines,- to St. Kitts,
there is a repetition of volcanic cones
rising to heights { of 4000 or 5000 feet.
Eastward of this chain wo 'find Barba
does, some sunken banks east of Mar
tinique, Grande Terre. or the great'lime
stone plains of Guadeloupe, parts. .'of.-
Antigua, Barbuda, St. Martin and An
guilla. The chain ends in Sombrero, the
lonely lighthouse to the West Indies; but
again begins in the Bahamas, the re
mains of great coastal plains like those
along our Atlantic, which escaped the
destruction of the West Indian region
when it stood at the elevation formerly
mentioned. This outward chain is no
where volcanic, but it is liable to earth
quake action, and throughout these isl
ands great damage is periodically pro
duced.
A Chain of Volcanoes.
Returning now to the Windward Isl
ands proper, we fira^a '"-double.' chains of
islands extending 6rom ; ' i ri(jar, the. coast
of South Americ&Vjtp.'Hhe ' St. -.Martin,
group, and thence *fcivlrigihg-, around- );ip.
Porto Rico, Hay ti: arid Cubd, bn- 'one
siae and the Baharhas on, the "other un
til they almost join our Southern States.
Indeed, they would do so were not the ;
old river valleys completely submerged.
Ti:e inner chain of these islands begins
with the Grenadines, near the coast of
South America, a vast number of small
islands rising above a submarine plateau
now less than 200 feet below the sea. .
or less restricted in the area of action
and to the distance occupied by the
chains of cones, the earth movements are
very much more widely felt in the form
of earthquakes. Indeed slipping tif
even one inch In the rocks at considerable
depth may produce a . very. r damaging,
earthquake over hundreds- of. ;rnifes?'6f ex-'
tent, and the vclean^,^c.tivity: - ;c'(impJir^d
with the earthquake^sh^Ks^ggLv*^ •6rilj'\a.
very limited evidenefcVof;; the great *eai"tli
movements in progress, which are very
slow.
St;' .Vincent Isle of Calamity.
. Tlie;isiand''of St. Vincent is. one of the
most ¦beautiful . of the group, but at thu
sanie'tlin^ is /one of the most calamitous.
Three -?.'or : four" : years ago a hurricane
swept'- 6 ver"' it, when every tree is said to
have been broken^ off. buildings destroyed
and even the-: ¦ insects; swept .from the
land,- and howj^e -find another destruc
tion scarcely inferior to, that of £> century
ago. . •
In the island of Martinique we find the
northern side of Mont Pelee gently de
scending in the form of sloping plains to
the sea, with here and there a baby vol
cano. On the western side .of , the moun
tain the descent is; comparatively steep,
and we flniT v a high; elevated terrace just
back of tbe town ipf; St/ Pierre, which lay
on. a narrow ledge! between the, terrace
.arid theVsea. This terrace, however, i*
bisected by the valley of the mountain
torrent, which made an excellent path
way for. the lava and the volcanic mud
•which overwhelmed the city. In thesa
volcanic eruptions the great danger is
not so much from the streams of lava as
fiom the streams of mud formed by the
condensing steam and hot ashes blown ott
the top of the mountain by the explo
sions of vapor produced by the infiltration
of waters into the molten lava itself.
The greater West Indian islands have
scarcely any traces of volcanic eruptions
except in ancient times. .
Whole sheets of igneous matter occur
along the eastern sicies of our North and
South American mountains, still there are
no remains of volcanic cones in Eastern
America except a few in the vicinity of
Montreal, which is built upon the flanks
of an ancient volcano;
The changes of level upon the Pacific
coast of North and South America have
been much more stupendous in later
times than those on the eastern side, and
conseauentlv we find many more and
mpVt' of St. 'Lucia. St; Vincent and ; the ¦;-.
foundations of. Dominica belong/; to the 1
aii&ant formation, bu' the volcanic, tones ¦
mentioned had their .¦birth'ri^.lon^. ago g
th,aji about ;the beginning /'ejf.-v. the* , : early,-:
.¦Brikciftl* period. • -:':>¦ A:-; 3$ /' , : Y ¦ • : : -..V
.irSiWe ilif historic' period" sqjne of,. the isl- ,.
.atidg : r bate!' -never 1 been?-^n^ activity.. ;;'al- : -.
¦tiibugh.^tfte • cpnes;rand <^m^eTs ,'are . Cp|K&
. pl'ete^ncn . as St. ' Kitt^;a^.^eviaj>Mai}>~i;.
;' : -£r^ipU]>%5 )iave^)4eenV,"fe^»^ae*^r^Ath.fci:);
,Hntiuiira3ns- of ' G'ua'tfeloup'4,/butv:T believte
'ncne'-VMs" occurred there since the earlier
parfiSeithe' nineteenth century. Dominica
ha:ctff£tfght' : eruption ab>u^. lSSti.'Bu-jtf'Mar
tiniqui£*U-q.s - supposed. %6' ti$\, quiescent un
til itheirr^&ni' indications,)^ f£w months
:^in^^^^elghb 9 r; St?,yince|it, erupted :
i'n;tfSi2iaBctfdiirkened the, sun far a period ;
qi;elgh'ti ; rthree~days,at Baibadoes, a hun-.
died rqil$5 away, when the Svh^Je surface'
pt : ythat' : .island. was covered '"with the
ashes'^Vvv.Y ' ' l-r. ¦ ""'¦¦.'¦.'. './'
THE SUNDAY CALL.
DANGER SPOTS
ON THE
EARTH'S CRUST
6¦ > The sixth picture, which will be published next • Sunday, is
"Tommy. Atkins." Of course you all think you can guess whom
"Tommy Atkins" will be, but— can youP Now this is not as easy
as it seems, for this character has been impersonated more than
one© in the past, and each time by an exceptionally pretty girl.
Guess again, or — wait and see. -
The first of this altogether original and strikingly, attractive
series was Miss Adalafde Murphy as .the "Water Sprite." The sec
ond was Mrs. Thomas Magee Jr. as "Sunrise." The third was Miss
|SLSr. Swift as "The Duchess of Gainsborough," **& the fourth was
Mrs. J. A. Clover as "Folly." The others in the series will be "Em
\ press Josephine,'' "Twelfth Century Court Beauty," "A French Prin
cess" and "Columbia," all of then posed by women of more than
passing beauty. You are not the only on© who is mystified and
curious over their identity.
c=jp» 0-DAY you have the fifth in the beautiful series of fancy cos
11 tume poses by prominent San Francisco society women. Sh© is
1* M4ss A'. Loaiza^ daughter of a wealthy old Castilian family, and
her costume, "The Hungarian Pztacess," is not. only correct In ©very
detail-but fabulously rich in rare fabrics and costly gems.
Who is Tonnmy Atkins?
The most noiableMnstar.ee of thfs fact
that I have ever had to deal with was
Parnell. Ah, he was a game lion, but
after he became a murderer his courage
Bcemed to desert him. There was a sluft"
in his sand after he killed Thienann at
the California Fair and another fall-off !n
his grit when he assassinated the hired
man at my California farm by jerking
l:m through the bars when he wasn't
'.ookir.R and tearing him to pieces.
As I said before, forest-bred lions are
the easiest to deal with. Parneil was tho
only exception I have known. I caught
him myself in Algeria when I was trav
eling with the European United Shows.
He had been a particularly dangerous
jungle beast for years when I first heard
of him. and such wondrous stories were
toid of his size and prowess that I de
termined to have him. With my assist
ants to help mo I set a trap for him— a
beil-shjiped snare, large at the bottom
«ud small at the top— covered It over with
J;rush and put a kid on it. This trap
The reason for this is plain even to one
v.ho has had only a passing acquaintance
with animals. The spectacular beast is
frankly and openly and consistently hos
tile. He makes no secret of his overmas
tering desire to devour the trainer at a
siugie meal. He has never known «=ub
rjission 19 anything or anybody. He docs
not want to be tamed and he is not going
to be if he can possibly avoid it. He is
always bristling for a tight, and will kill
v< the first opportunity.
This i:. as it should b*>. "Forewarned is
forearm t.l." Trie trailer therefore is
ric-vt-r oli his guard, but meets brute force
with brute force.
On the other hand, the animal that has
been "tarried" is in reality the tartar. His
very docility is the badge of his treachery.
He has only concealed his blunt savagery
under a low cunning the better to striko
with greater certainty of killing when the
trainer has been beguiled into careiess-
Ets-s by an unwonted show of amiability.
This is particulariy true of the lion, all
stories of his nobleness to the contrary
notwithstanding.
Take the lion— Wallace at the Chutes,
for Instance (though he is the only ex
ception to this hard and fast rule that I
have ever brought to submission), the
"good shower" is the safest. By "good
shower" I mean the animal that goes
bounding about the cage, snarling aha
roaring in a perfect frenzy when the
trainer enters, which, though it looks
awe-inspiring and terrifying, is really less
dangerous than the beast that fav/ns at
tiie feet of the trainer or rubs against him
affectionately.
THE first and most important thing
to learn about training wild ani
mals .for the zoo is that they are
never what they seem. Those that
appear to be the most docile are in
reality the most dangerous. This is es
pecially true of the beast born in captiv
ity, as contrasted with the forest-bred
animal.
I slipped , Into another coat and stepping
out on the stage, reassured them that
everything was all right.
A doctor was summoned at once and in-
insr smell of ; powder, | the ; same ; heavy
whip, 'the 'same- audacious/ hustling, and
the same sudden escape that had bewil
dered him "the"' day- before.— He- - could
form is "to spur it en to Its own natural
mode of attack end then when properly
trained to arm it with a pair of boxicg
gloves.
scarcely believe j his senses that such an
outrage on his" dignity could be perpe
trated, and' : the -offender escape without
even a scratehr ---.-• ~. ':--/ v
•was well laid in the usual path
of the beasts to a lagoon, and when Par
nell came along he leaped at the kid and
down he went. A cage had been put at
tbe bottom of the pit, and as soon as
Parnell entered it he was drawn up. And
there he was In captivity.
1 never saw a lion who hated the degra
dation more, but this very spirit made
him an excellent "show" animal. In thres
days I was performing with him, much to
hit> surprise.
Contrary to the usual "methods followed
by animal trainers, I always ' begin the
task cf subjugation at the very rtrst meet
ing. I learned the value of this at my
debut as a lion tamer.
Jt v.-as in f C6, at the Norvell House,
where I was laying over after the war.
There was a show in town and one n'ght
a fellow came along, a huge, villainous
lookinK chap, who turned out to be the
lion tamer of the show, famous for his
dash and dare-devil courage. Well, we
•were talking there and drinking:, and I
asked the fellow who and what he was.
He told me he was a lion tamer, and
asked me who I was.
"Why, I manage wild beasts myself,"
said I. J
'•Wr.at's your 'show?" said he.
"Davis" show," said I.
The fellow didn't catch on. and I went
on.
"Bob Lee's been managing the show."
Ami still he did not comprehend, but he
looked at me hard, as if he doubted that
I could tame beasts. I'd been', in com
mand of the Louisiana Tigers after Bob
Wheat's death during the Civil War, and
that was what I was referring to when I
spoke of handling wild beasts.
Then jurt for the devilment of the
thing I offered to bet the fellow a couple
of baskets cf champagne that I'd enter
the cage where his wild beasts were kept
and do anything that he'd do. To my ut
ter- consternation he took the bet and
there I started out as a lion tamer. . \
I remember the next morning when I
started out to the shows. I looked up
or the hill and saw the tents standing
still and white, reminding me for all the
world of tombs.
However, I watched the fellow close
and when he came out I went in with
a pistol in one hand, a whip In the other
and a lump in my throat big and hard
as a hickory nut. I never whipped lions
and tigers with so much vigor in my life.
There I was with my teeth set, a ter
rific scowl on my face', Jumping round
like mad, shooting the beasts in the face-.
with a pepper box pistol loaded with
heavy wads of paper and laying about
me with my whip for all I was worth.
Wonderful to relate everybody thought
I had the most complete control over the
beasts because I even made them jump,
and the fun of It all was that every
movement I was expecting to be gobbled
up whole. The result; in a fortnight I
got a flattering offer to be lion tamer for
a big show and I took It.
With my right hand free I fired a vol
ley- full into his eyes. The powder burn
ed and blinded him and he let go, but
only for an instant, when he sprang at
me again, his jaws closing with a snap
ever my elbow a second time. Again I
fired a volley of blank cartridges into hi3
.his eyes and again he let go, only to
spring at me a third time with greater
ferocity. This time his heavy jaws near
ly severed my left arm at the elbow, but
though the pain was something awful the
sense of my -langer and the certain
knowledge that a lion only attacks three
times and if it fails then will abandon
the fight for good kept me from fainting.
Once again I fired a volley at him and
my assistants arriving opportunely we
beat him back Into a corner and I slipped
Jout from the eagre soaked in blood amidst
terrific excitement. Then to allay the
nars of the audience and prevent a panic
ferocity made a tremendous hit. He was
a "good shower" in every sense of the
terra and I feared his savagery far less
than the servile cunning of the animals
born and trained In captivity.
-'But by the close of the first week he
had got accustomed to the whip and even
the Dlstol and in the midst of the per
formance he suddenly turned. I knew
what was coming the moment I saw him
drop from thft top of the cage where be
had been clinging to the. bars in a very
fierzy of rage, and crouch for a spring.
There was absolutely no chance of es
cape and instinctively I threw up my left
arir. to ward him off. His Jaws closed
ov&i: my elbow with such crunching force
f'nat \he bone was shattered into slivers.
Luckily I was standing with my back to
the bars and though the impact of his
body against mine was terrific I was pre
vented from falling by the wall of the
ct.-re.
In contrast to the cannibalistic animals,
the bear i3 much more docile, though far
less intelligent than the Hon. I've always
maintained that the grizzly Is the king of
beasts. I've hunted animals In all parts
of the world, but I've never seen anything
that can equal a grizzly for pugnacity
and courage. There isn't any more flinch
In an American grizzly than there is In a
steel rip saw. But he is not a fighter by
nature, as the lion and tiger are, though
he can easily whip either of them. All
that the bear requires Is to be well fed,
and then with patience he can be taught
anything— the small black and brown
bears especially.
First teach him to know you by leading
him at the end of a chain, then to climb
upon a pedestal, stand on his hind legs,
roll a barrel and so on until his education
Is complete. It must all be in the nature
of pure fun. however.
The jaguar, the leopard and the hyena,
though the latter is always considered, so
dangerous, are all really as tractable as
the domestic cat. Feed them well and pet
them, and as soon as they realize that
you are friendly they can be led about
like pet dogs. " r
Much surprise is often expressed that
a kangaroo can be taught anything at
ail, particularly boxing. This In reality
is very simple. The attitude of the fighter
is absolutely natural to the animal, and
all that Is necessary to teach it to per-
Rajah, the tiger, on the other hand re
quired more time. I had to- prod him
about a great deal and keep him thor
oughly stirred up for a whole week be
fore he finally learned that I am boss.
Now that he has discovered that fact for
himself he can be taught all th© tricks
that a lion executes, though he Is never
free from treachery.
at once and obedient to my every, wish.
In this way he can be made- to stand up
against the bars, lie down and roll over,
tack up or run. just as I desire.
COLONEL DANIEL E. BO0NT3, soldier of fortune j lion tamer and
circus manager, fresh from his Mexican experiences -with Parnell,
the famed murderous lion that was gored to death by a Toltec
bull after fighting a sanguinary draw with' the Wombwell grizzly,
and still more recently from an adventure in New York with a newly
captured jungle lion, is come to take charge of the animals in the zoo at
the new Chutes. That means that he must get personally acquainted
with all of them, and teach them collectively and individually ho\7 and
why he is master of the whole jungle colony. He has accomplished
that task in less than two weeks, and the manner of his conquest, as he
tells it in the following article, is absolutely unique.
Colonel Boone has been training animals for thirtyrsix years.
There is not a beast of any sort known to modern zoology which he has
not trained in one way or another, and with the exception of Australia,
he has performed in every country of the globe. This contribution there
fore is one of the most valuable and interesting animal stories ever
published in a newspaper. %
Now the forest-bred lion Is bold and
audacious, the most daring of the whole
animal kingdom, but It will never kill
unless It Is hungry, as the tiger does
for pure love of killing, nor „ stealthily
in the sneaking manner peculiar to the
tiger and all otter members of the cat
family.
The lion cannot be controlled by mere
persuasive power. He must be conquered
boldly, fearlessly, quickly, and so it was
'hat when I opened my engagement with
Bartell'a lion his dash and spirit and
sisted that I would have to have my arm
amputated. I protested.
"I'll have to cut oft th© 'funny bone'
anyway," he said.
"There's nothing funny about that," I
replied, "though I won't b© ticklish here
after."
In the evening, with my arm bound In
splints, I performed with him as usual.
Though he seemed more savage than ever,
he had learned that I was master.
Wallace at the Chutes learned the same
lesson In Just three days, too. Now I
have only to make a motion toward my
pistol pocket, when he is up on his feat
>THE STJiniA^f GA|]i
This method of subjugating the man-eat
ing animal tribes I have found to be the
test ever since my startling debut, though
it nearly cost me my life about a month
ago in Xevv York. As it is I shall never
again have the use of my left *>ia, which
was so badly maxisled that I feared; for
a time that it would have to be ampu
tated. " . JV^-- •'-
It was at Bartell's, the' big Importer of
animals, that I first saw this one— a for
est-bred lion of immense proportions
which had just been brought, from Africa.
It fascinated me at iirst glance. .
"Kartell," I said," "I'd like to borrow
that lion." / .
"What for?" he asked.
"To open at one. of the theaters next
week," I replied.. '
"Why, that lion hasn't been in captivity
more than a month," he exclaimed," in
surprise. '.,..
"So much the better," I said, and pro
ceeded at once to get acquainted with his
royal highness. .,..- ; : . •. •
The introduction' was just the same as
my first meeting with Wallace at the
Chutes here. When I thrust my left hand
through the bars of the cage he sprang
at me with a deafening roar. Instantly L
fired two shots full In his face. He re
coiled in blank amazement, . and before
he could recover from his astonishment
I had stepped into the cage' with a heavy
whip and a big revolver and was hustling
him about in a way that he had never
been hustled before. 'And then, before he.
Lad recovered from the second surprise J
[had stepped out ] of the cage again . a/
juickly as I had entered. ... . " ¦W.
Ah, how hungrily he licked his cboag
when the iron gate slammed ; cruelly ar»
shut In his face as he sprang after me. ¦
He didn't profit' much by that first ex
perience, however, and when I. visited
-Am the next day,h© was Just as keen-to
uurder me.-. There was the same tempt
ng hand through the bars, the same sud
len flash "of the pistol, the same conftfs-
7
HOW TO
TRAIN
ANIMALS
FOR THE
ZOOSTUNNING POSTERS FOR DECORATION
'. ' ¦ ¦¦ -...¦¦¦¦•;¦. ;¦¦',:• " ¦},:¦¦ y ¦¦¦:¦¦] : ¦¦:.'¦¦?>. - : v"--<" " v. ¦ " ¦;,'; ; - / . "¦¦-"¦ -p?' ;;:V a £v -\ ;'•;¦• ¦• : ••:¦-¦•• - •• -••¦¦¦••. .•¦¦•¦'•-¦'. -:--^ v-' ¦••"'• '"• '
THIS is the second page in the stunning and altogether attractive series "of. poster pictures for mural decoration begun in th: Sunday' Call two weeks ago.
"The Sword Girl'- and the "Riding School Girl" give you an; opportunity to make" two 'original and| up-to-date posters with practically no effort at all. Itis
simplicity itself, but the result -is truly pleasing and profitable as j well, for^ if these pasters'-— which.' are; published exclusively in the Sunday Call — were
placed on sale in any of the art stores they would each cost, -you ten times, the price of this paper.- Here are the directions: \V
Cut out the colored drawings from this page by carefully. folio wing the outline of the picture." Then take this colored clipping and paste insecurely to a
piece of richly colored poster board of some suitable shade, 20x30 inches ,'m size. v This is sufficient in.itself, but much added. beauty may be secured by making for
it a simple fr^me. You can get the poster board at any art dealer's a low price. "Another, way of cutting, the poster clippings from this sheet is to leave about an
eighth of an inch of the white paper as a. border, which aids in setting off the central design: ••...¦¦.; •...¦;• ¦•'¦;•. / ¦
THE SUNDAY CALL.
8no_textof such eyes a pretty story Is told. A
man who was devoted to astronomy, and,
from a timid nature, seemed doomed to
bachelorhood was asked one day by a
friend:
"Have you' over observed Miss 's
eyes? They have the property of double
refraction." "Dear nw, that is very odd,"
he exclaimed.' "I should like to see that
Do you think I might venture to call?"
And call he did and begged permission ta
examine the young woman's eyes.
The novelty of the situation fascinated
him. He begged the privilege of a sec
ond look at the eyes In a clear light. Tha
problem grew so Interesting that he at
length came to the conclusion to make It
a life study. The boldness born of scien
tific curicsity cnaolcd him ultf»-o»»ly to
propose.* He was accepted, and the
strange courtship ended in a'happy mar
riage. ¦ , " *
Hygiene of the Eyes.
There are very few. women 'nowadays
who resort to the injurious . practice of
dropping' belladonna into ' the' eyes to
brighten them. It is absolutely • ruinous
to the sight, and gives the eyes an arti
ficial look, as unbecoming as that pro
duced by a hard, dark line under the
lower lashes.
The paint used . to darken the under
eyelids Is -often made up of injurious sub
stances, which In time make' the flesh
around the* eyes old and wrinkled.
Good digestion Is the best aid to beau
tiful eyes, for a disordered stomach shows
«?-*!# in the vellowish vhitesof.the ey«s.
Bathe the eyes the last thing before re
tiring and the first thing in the morning.
Use warm water. If the eyes are? tired.
bathing "them in mild, cold tea or weak
Ealt ; water or. warm . milk rests them.
Simply bathe the outer skin," with eyes
closed. A soft 'linen "cloth; which" Is used
for no other purpose, is. the best for bath
ing the eyesv '
There is a prevalent belief that a dally
cold water bath of the eyes— opening and
shutting the eyes under water— Is benefi
cial and tends to strengthen the eyes. It
may render the eye somewhat more re
slstant to external Influences, such as
cold, but it can in no way affect the sight
itself. v
Close the eyes, once in every two or
three hours, for five or ten minutes at a
time. Always close the eyes when you
have nothing. to do. So long as they are
open they are to a certain extent at work.
If the eyes are not rested now and then
sharp. It is a great mistake to shape
the nail into the very long sharp point,
for It breaks easily and is dangerous.
There, is a point called the Langtry nail.
The nail grows high at each. side of the
finger so as to keep it In shapes then
come to the point, which ns almost a
blunt one. A very high polish finishes the
nail.
The Pink Rim.
The question of cleansing the nail Is
probably the first one that occurs to a
woman who has to do . her own mani
curing. If the nail be scraped under
neath, either with the cleaner or with the
orange wood stick, it soon grows white
and a great unsightly rim disfigures the
tip. '..-.-¦
Now, a pretty nail should be pink almost
to the finger end; and there should be
scarcely any whitish rim.
To obtain this pinkish appearance dean
the nail as little as possible. ' When wash-
Eyes having the property of double re
fraction are not .common; about a pair
Only second to the eyes in importance
are the eyebrows. A follower of Buddha
dares heaven to show him anything finer
in its way than the dusky crescents over
his lady's eyes, curved and soft as a but
terfly's pinicr.s. He more often writes
sonnets to his inistress' eyebrows than to
her eyes. Finely arched eyebrows in a
v/orr.an indicate a character fond of mu
sic, artistic pursuits, dress, pleasure and
appreciative of loveliness wherever it ap
pears. •
The blue eye wins by kindness: the
black by power; the gray by intellect, and
the brown by love. ,
: Dtep-eol^red eyes, with well arched
lids, ¦ lint h upper and lower, show a truth
ful an'd affectionate r.ature. There is one
thing, hov/ever, to be remembered about
b?aek eyes— don't arouse them. They are
capable of taking vengeance, seldom for
get an injury and will bide their time.
Both black and brown eyes indicate
frankness, warm affection and a great de
gree of character. Blue eyes, full of tac
tics, keep their secrets well; but thsy
make warm friends, being- amiable, truth
fu! and affectionate. .The Greeks, who
admired blue eyes, fondly called Minerva
"the blue-eyed maid," and Neptune "the
god of the azure eyes." Venus, too, had
blue eves.
In the Orient no .woman can be beauti
ful who has not laige, dreamy eyes. In
Italy and Spain a pair of bijr eyes, even
if expressionless, are enough to entitle a
woman to be called a beauty, but in
America a woman with very large eyes
and no other charms is never rated as a
Wauty. Usually more' indicative 'of power
than of beauty are large eyes. Too full,
they denote a timid and -stupid, even
tre£;cherous;nature. Juno had "large, ma
jestic eyes'': Homer describes her as "ox
eyed." Fairly large and bright eyes, show
qrick perception and an intense nature.
Small eyes are indicative, of . an alert
mir.d,. of wit, cleverness, spontaneity.
Long eyes, belong to a poetic tempera
ment;- .they . proclaim . a dreamy . nature,
contented and n«t aspiring. Hound eyes
are. ambitious. Deep-set eyes show
'thong htfulness and logic. Proiru<T.ng eyes
show love of action and are indicative of
fine conversational powers.
Heavy lids, which in a manner unroll
over the eyes, have always been thought
beautiful, perhaps because they imply
large. eyes. A Persian stakes his all on a
woman with heavy lided eyes and mas
sive eyebrows curving heavily down on the.
temples. Such eyebrows denote a jealous
nature, and jealousy is flattering to the
masculine mind in Persia.
ery one will declare is charming—fascinat
ing. Soft and melting eyes, flashing eyes,
brilliant eyes, soulful eyes are not. in it
with the eyes of the direct gaze, particu
larly if they are shaded by lids which are
rather large and heavy.
To point the nail cut it with the straight
scissors but do not have the point too
The-- nails when, too long will break, so
It Is necessary to observe some caution In
the care of them, and it Is really a task
to keep them just the right length, of the
right shape arid of the right color.
There are three or four ways of cutting
the nails. The rounded nail of the busi
ness woman is the most practical; and
the scuare nail of the working woman
is necessary in certain cases; but neither
aye as pretty) as the pointed nail of the
society .woman. But. she who weaVs the
pointed nail must taka tho time to keep
it exact.
The nails should be worn as long as pos-
Blble. They really cannot be too long.
They sh.ould>j>roject beyond the finger
tips, just so as to give them a tapering
appearance, -and the .cuticle should be
pulled low at the base to give them a
"moon." - ,
There was once a time when the woman
who went to be manicured was accused
of extravagance, and when the man who
patronized the manicure's chair was voted
a fop. But that time has gone by. Now
the woman who never manicures is hope
less, and the man who does not Indulge
In occasional visits to a manicuring es
tablishment runs the risk of being badly
groomed.
The beauty of the hand depends largely
upon the prettiness of the nails. Two
features Influence the nails. First, their
length; second, their shape. Coloring en
ters into it a little, but not much.
Pretty Nails.
Among the men the possession of good
hands is unusual, yet when found it is
delightful. King Leopold of the Belgians
has long, handsome hands and his con
quests have been attributed to them.
King Edward VII has fat. stubby fingers,
which are, however, always highly mani
cured; and Prime Minister Salisbury
boasts the finest hands in England.' But
such cases are rare among the masculine
sex, and it is to the women that the high
care of the hands is left.
Blavatski was noted for her conquests.
She had an impossible face and a heavy
figure, yet her hands were lovely to be
hold. The Frincess Chimay has remark
ably fine hands and Qleo de Merode num
bers her fingers as her charms.
And in some ways the hand takes prece
dence of the face.' An ugly hand has often
driven tack admiration; and a hand that
was not well kept has stifled the word of
praise and the sight of appreciation.
What more effective weapon has a
woman than her hand? If shapely, soft,
well turned and well cared for, It Is un
doubtedly the most powerful of all aids
to beauty, aside from the face itself. , #
With *a wave of her hand Josephine
Beauharnals brought Napoleon to her
side. She had lost her pet pug and he
rescued i{for her. He afterward said
It was the extreme fairness of that mem
ber, that supple little hand, that first
subjugated him and made him captive to
Josephine's charms. •
they will look colorless, listless and ex
pressionless. One ought never to let the
eyes get tired; when they do bathe them
with warm water and go to bed.
ing the hands rub the nails very lightly
over the cake of soap and. In washing,
wash out the soap from underneath. Thi3
is worth an hour of scraping and doe*
not Injure the Inner surface.
With a little care exercised In the mat
ter of cleaning the nail, the whole will
soon begin to grow pinkish toward the
tip; and that white edge will disappear.
As for the "moon" at the base of the
nail It can only be brought out by coax
ing. Usually the first attempt to force
the moon forth will result in great un
sightly white spots along the base of tha
nail, which must grow out before they
can be removed.
White spots are sears and are always
produced by an Injury to the base of the
. nail. Very often the injury is done with
the orange wood stick, again it is the
work of the cuticle knife. The nail at its
base Is very soft and, if pressed upon,
will be Injured and a white spot will re
sult. This is the secret of so many dis
figured finger nails, such as are often
found upon the fingers of the most fasti
dious women.
How to Manicure.
Manicuring Is a simple operation and
one that can be performed at home, if
preferred, or if economy Is any motive.
It should not be done oftener than
twice a week at most, as nothing Injures
the nail as much as frequent clipping and
cutting. The work of the manicure dur
ing the week Is very simple and consists
merely In loosening the flesh at the base
of the nail and in polishing the nail into
brilliancy.
When manicuring begin by soaking the
fingers in lukewarm water. It Is surpris
ing- how large a part this plays in tho
process yet how often it 13 neglected. A
certain woman who is noted for her pretty
pink tips cultivated the habit of soaking
one hand in water fifteen minutes, read-
Ing the while. She then lays aside her
book and finishes the manicuring of the
hand.
The other hand Is then treated In th«
same way with the preliminary fifteen
minutes' soaking and the result Is some
thing that is worth while.
Few people realize that, in dealing withN
the nail, they are really dealing with aj
substance that Is pliable; tho nail can beJ
softened by soaking and It can then be
almost molded into the right shape, while
the color is easily changed when the Bur
face is thus softened.
After the finger tips have been soaked
fifteen minutes it Is time to clip away
the ragged bits of cuticle. Do not cut off
the cuticle in strips, as is the custom with
so many. Let It remain on. It will hard
en when the hands get dry and will really
protect the pretty mcon.
The Cuticle Knife.
Keep pushing back the skin and dip off
only such portions as appear to be ragged.
Sometimes the cuticle scissors are not
necessary and. if so. It is an Indication
that the hands are in very excellent con
dition indeed.'
Then comes the shaping of the nail. Use
your judgment as to the shape, but do
not make the mistake of clipping it close
ly at the sides. Leave the sides as high
as you can, for this high nail supports the
finger ends and keeps them from getting
thick. Yon will find: that, where the cor
ners of the nails are cut away, the finger
invariably sags, lacking the necessary
support. The taper finger tip is the ona
whose nail is not cut away at the cor
ners.
It Is a good thing if the nail can be a
third longer than it Is wide. There are
those who admire a nail twice as long as
it is wide. If the cuticle can be trained to
grow dawn and expose the moon this pro
portion is a good one. The moon should
be plainly visible, and should be of that
soft delicate color always found In a
healthy nail..
Now when the nails are shaped, comes
the time for coloring them. If you like
pink nails you can use a little nail rouge.
This Is a red salve which is rubbed in-
Very little should be used. Touch tha
A tin"er to the salve and "dub" each nail
slightly with It. touching it in the middle.
Do not let it get under the skin, for it la
The powder comes last. And about this
there is some difference of opinion. Just
now the brilliant nail is not so fashion
able yet it is so pretty that one cannot'
condemn it. Women of society are wear-
Ing It and very many stage women.
The High Polish.
Those who do not want a polish can
be content with washing off the rouge and
with rubbing the nails in the palm of tha
hand Take each hand separately and rub
the nails briskly In the palm of the other
The nails now have a clean, perfectly
eroomed .appearance and their dullness is
on" of their beauties.
But those who want the polish can have
i* put a little powder upon the polisher
and go to work, rubbing the nails briskly
with the implement. It Is a mistaken
idea to put on much powder, for it only
<*et3 In under the nails and under the
cuticle while It does not polish them with
any more brilliancy. Use as little as pos
sible, and, li necessary, add a little when
the polisher seems dry.
Powder is said to make the nail3 brittle
and to heat them by friction until they
are liable to snap under the rubbing. But
with care one can Impart quite a high
polish without running these risk3.
It Is necessary, finally, to wash the
hands with soap to get off the powder.
And then comes a* chance for a very
little cold cream which should be rubbed
into the hands to keep them from chap
ping and into the skin at the base of tha
nail to keep it from growing fast and
making hang-nails. -^
The hang-nail, as It Is commonly called,
is the cause of a great deal of trouble to
many persons, but it can be cured by
soaking the finger tips well and by uslnf
a little vaseline at the base of the nail
after each manicuring.
Once learn the trick of a steady gaze,
and no matter how plain a girl may be
there is a sfmetbir*: about Ler which ov-
Gain this power of not moving or speak
ing and at the same time looking Inter
ested, and you will be voted a charming
girl, even by the man whose talk Is so
stupid that you never think of such a
thing as really listening to it.
If you keep your eyes up to their share
of talking you will' be spared a thousand
verbal insincerities when Mr. Bore dashes
up saying he is so glad to sea you, and
that he hopes you are glad to see him.
He will feel satisfied If you look pleased
end sympathetic, and your conscience will
be clearer than If you bad gotten off some
polite fib.
It is the advice of one who has had
much experience in such matters that if
you get into the habit of always letting
your eyes attend quietly io a
thing . fcrsst, you will avoid lots
of embarrassing situations. Suppose
you have been discussing Miss
Brown's hair, and have committed the in
discretion of calling it r"ed, when a voice
sounds close at your side, which to your
horror you think you recognize as Miss
Brown's. Why give a convulsive start,
a compromising gurgle or half-formed ex
planation or deprecation? You will be
wiser and safer, and more graceful, too,
if you just turn your eyes to see if it is
Miss Brown. If it is, your complete re
pose and control of your eyes may make
her think she didn't hear aright, in case
ehe did hear, and will not arouse her sus
picions in case she didn't hear.
You can convey thus just what you
want to say, and in a charming fashion
winch is bound to captivate him.
r "l have been hunting through the en
lire ballroom for you." Then he adds,
"And now you are not glad to see me."
It is enough .just to lift your head and
give him a look through level eyelids.
There. may be a time, however, to lower
the eyelids and droop the head; it is
when Jack says:
This is a big secret, or a trick if you
vill — never try to do too much. The girl
who makes a sort of plunge at a man.
saying, "Oh! Oh! Mr. Knickerbocker,
how glad I am to see you! Do sit down!
Oh. how are you?" with acempanying
laughs and fluttering of her eyes, does
nut make half the impression accom
plished by the girl whose eyes light uptill
ber ;ips catch the smite of welcome, and
whose hand goes out before she says just
•'Mr. Knickerbocker" in a voice that
means something, accompanied by a clear,
f.tiaightforward gaze which may "mean
something more.
Let your eyes follow the story your es
cort is telling— it may be awfully stupid—
iind it will be easier to 1st your eyes and
Jtace reflect his various expressions of in
terest than to pretend further, and follow
bit, with exclamations which are bound
to seem insincere or overdone.
"Well, of course, it requires some prac
tice: the directions, however, 'are quite
simple— -let^hine eyes look right on, and
thine eyelids look straight before thee;'
you can easily understand that a clear,
sieady gaze has a power to charm which
a shining, circling glance never can
pessers."
"And by practicing this new way of
making one's self irresistible, I suppose one
Ioarsis to say the ten thousand things
wblcfc Adcison tells us it only occurs to
a man to say after he is in love?"
"Of course, provided you give your head
just the right poise— this, too. is impor
tant. There is nothing more graceful than
the bend of a woman's head on a well
poised neck. Try that bend— this is an
other secret— no need to move the rest .of
ycu."
It is an important lesson that the two
have- learned, that if one would success
fully tread the path of beauty, she must
remember that eyes are not given merely
to see with, but to speak with, to charm
v.-ith. that they may be trained, ard that
nothing is more fetching than the
straightforward gaze, which indicates thai
a person is in complete possession of her
eelf, confident of her own powers and
strength, and does not feei the need of
looking hither and thither for a way of
escape.
"It is this. I am told that 1 must regu
late my eyelids, or rather train them;
that if I succeed in doing so. and gaze
out upon the world through level eyelids,
that then at last I am in possession of
the very secret of secrets for making a
dazzling beauty of myself."
"How charming this all sounds." ex r
claimed the sympathetic listener, who
was now really interested. "Do tell me
ebout this new art of fascinating, that I
may get my visual organs in training at
once."
(Copyright. 1902. by the S. S. McClure Co.)
IT is quite enough to wear any one out
to follow half the directions written
now for making one fascinating
and beautiful." Angelique confided to
her companion. "I've tried them all, "
the continued. "I've used vaseline, gly
• erinr. lanoline, almond oil. cocoanut oil,
rose water and lemon juice. I have bathed
in boiling water and in ice water, in
tepid water and in milk and water. 1
have washed my face with the cloth of
the roughest crash and fairly skinned it, m
my struggles to follow out directions, and
I "have gingerly washed it with softest,
finest linen, as I would a bit of Dresden
porcelain."
Here Angelique paused for breath, and
pillowing her flushed cheek upon her
dimpled hand, gazed reflectively and in
quiringly at her friend, who simply look
ed sympathetic and said nothing.
"Now what do you think is the latest
bit of beauty advice with which I am con
fronted?" she asked, after a little. "
Another Evangel of Coquet
jy — The latest bit of beauty
ad vies is to look out upon the
world through level eyelids,
with a direct gaze — This is the
secret of secrets for making
one's self fascinating — There
is a time, however, to lower
the eyes — The poise of the head
must also be considered — How
to have pretty pink nails and
how to keep back the white
spots and prevent hangnails
The secret of the crescent
moon and of the brilliant so
ciety polish.
THE SUNDAY C-AXIi.
WOMAN'S MOST
EFFECTIVE WEAPONS
HER EYES
AND
HANDSy-y IX hundred to 1000 people In the
\q. ballet— 170 boxes— an audience of
y"j oo'00-nll spellbound In the univr.r
k-X sal love of muslcf You find this
1 in Italy. $
The accompanying picture shows
the Interior of the Roynl Theater of San
Carlo, which was founded by Charles III
In 1737. The Interior, In 1816, was de
stroyed by flre, but It lifts been restored
In harmony with the original plan.
Outside, under the arches of San Carlo,
sit the public writers at their desks ready '
at a moment's notice to write a love son
net or a flowery expostulation warranted
to melt the heart of a too-persistent cred
itor. •:'
The Royal Theater was originally
lighted by candles; later gas was Intro
duced and now it Is lighted by electricity.
The candelabra and gas jets are still there,
marking the three eras of lighting, and
mutely calling attention to the antiquity
of the house.
This picture was taken on the occasion
of the gala night given to the Emperor of
Germany on his return rrom Jerusalem.
The royal box, which Is directly opposite
fromUhc stage, contains, beginning at tho
right: The deceaased King Humbert L of
Italy, the Queen of Italy, the Empress of
Germany,' the Emperor of Germany and
King .Victor Emmanuel III, present ruler
of Italy. In the boxes at the right .and
left of the stage. are the cabinet and
princes of Italy.
The Theater San Carlo la connected
with the royal palaceV and royalty walks
into its box from the palace.
The other boxes are owned by. the no
bility. "They have been handed down from
generation to generation. In the ; flrst
place these noble families came forward
and helped to furnish money to build thjs
temple dedicated to the art of . music and
the boxes will be a heritage to them and
their heirs forever.
' This is all right for the nobility, but
makes^lt a little hard on the manager,
lie gets no rent for the boxes except the
entrance fee, which varies from 2 t;o 5
francs, or from 40 cents to $1 in our money.
Ten francs or $2 is the; price in the top '
gallery, where the students usually sit,
and 30 francs or $6 in the pit, or paltrona;
as they call it. ! . ['¦ ¦ \, .
But the manager,., or impresario, is a
man who has barrels of money to pay out.
He is manager for art's sake and not for
commercial reasons. ' He Has no rent to
pay, for the theaters there are a munici
pal institution. But there is the ballet of
600 to iooo. -v ;,..-• .
, In one opera . I attended at . l»a . Scala
(Milano) there were ten changes of cos
tumes, making 10,000 costumes, and all
beauties, too, for there is nothing cheap
or tawdry at. the Royal Theater. It keeps
open only' during the winter season, and
the manager is "satisfied if he does not
lose more than $50,000. Ho is a patron of
art, and art- is a shrine at which the
Italians worship, just as we worship at
the shrine of dollars and cents. .
And, after all, it must be an investment
on which he looks back with pleasure.
Think of feeding 3600 hungry souls with
music!
The staging is realistic. The stage is
350 feet deep and 200 feet wide, and a vil
lage scene, for instance, instead of being
painted on the back drop, as would "be
done in ah ordinary theater, is built up
of ' set houses, smoke ascends from the
chimneys, neighbors gossip on the door
steps, or an Alpine boy drives a* herd of
real sheep along the village street in the
rear of the stage while, the singing is go
ing on before the footlights. No expense
is spared.
The rehearsals are something thorough,
as I had occasion to notice when on the
anniversary of -Verdi's death they pro
duced "II Trovatore." Although the cast
had sung the j opera over three hundred
times" Musical Director Toscaninl re
hearsed It thirty-two times for this occa
sion. . - t ;
Italy is the land, of opera. Here they
make a specialty of the ballet. There is
nothing like it in the world. It makes
other performances . look like amateurs'. »
Manzotti, the great ballet wrlter,#goes up
to the Royal Theater and rehearses them,
and here many of the celebrated composi
tions of Rossini, Bellini and Donizetti
were performed for the first time.
The atmosphere of music hallows the
place and forces itself on the attention
of even the most casual globe-trotter.
And right here I want to make a plea
for San Francisco. It Is beyond doubt
the most musical city in America. Here
people love music, and they go to the
opera for the love of music. In the East
ern cities they go to meet their friends
and to gossip. But the atmosphere of
San Francisco, musically, is similar to
that of Italy, and that is saying a good
deal for a commercial city, for Italy has
the advantage— even the llttlo towns of
Italy have their band conceits every aft
ernoon in the public squares, and that
familiarizes the people with c.assical mu
sic. They are as familiar with the groat
musters there as San Franciscans are
with "Goo-goo Eyes." But then they
have the heritage of generations of music
lovers, accentuated by two or three hours
per day of the best cosmopolitan music—
for the Wagnerian and French ure. aa
much a part of their repertoire as Ital
ian.
I come back from Italy with the ideu of
starting San Franciscans to think of a
municipal band .of fifty or sixty pieces.
Sun Frunclsco contains some of the finest
musicians In tho world to-day, only thty
don't keep In practice. They can^t. They
are not under one director long enougn.
They have Jim Smith to-day and Jo
Drown to-morrow, and no ore long
enough to catch the inspiration of hs
method. But Grnu will tell you a-f 1 do,
that we on this We stern outpost of civil
ization liave tho IRn>6 inborn love of mu
sk- us the Ital uiih; ami one of the best
ways to keip alive, the musical a'moti
phere In to feed it with f?oo1 music,
Although we l.ave no Thia'tv Sa:i Carlo
in bun Francisco, we have appreciation!
and tho establishment «'f a inuo'c, pal
baud i» our midst would be a great factor
in our civilization.
WILLIAM II. LHA1IY.
THE S UNDAY GALL.
11It was a memorable and historic occa
sion when Secretary of State John Hay
rose to deliver his memorial address to
the memory of William McKinley. At the
Capitol, the officers of the Government,
both houses of Congress and the nation's
guest. Prince Henry of Prussia, had as
sembled to pay the national tribute of re
spect to the martyred President. The
hour demanded a fitting message, and the
orator of the day proved equal to the de
mand. In an. earnest, dignified address,
full of lofty eloquence, Mr. Hay paid a
tribute that will live as long as the name
of McKinley— and even lend to that hon
ored name an added luster in the days
when personal memory is passed away.
Mr. Hay's speech is i model of modern
oratory— not indulging in extravagant
r-ulogy or ill-starred f.'ghts of rhetoric,
Lu.* paying a tender tribute at onxx mod-
William McKinley. < 'C
eta of his own broad creed. Whether we
agree with him in- that creed is quite
aside the situation; but the spirit of reli
gious liberty should give every man a
hearing, ¦ especially when that ° man' is ¦- a
Tolstoi. • •
It will be remembered that he was ex
communicated from the Russian church
a few months ago,' which : fact lends
color ' and ' purpose to the , present book.
The leading article defines religion as
"the. establishment by man of such a re
lation -to -.the -infinite life around him as,
while- connecting -his life with this In
finitude and directing his conduct, is also
in agreement with his reasqjn aHd with
human knowledge." Upon this basis of a
religion, founded upon .reason he stands
flatly, although such p. ..itlon has often
been found shifting sands. "Reason was
terrred' the source of error," he , s«ys
again, "and the - Gospel was interpreted
not as common sense demands, but as
those -who composed the church desired."
Nevertheless, ; in view of his : present " be-
particular . drama and also contains ex
tracts from North's "Plutarch," giving
the 'principal passages; on which Shakes
peare's "Jujius Caesar" Is , based. The
typographical arrangement is admirable,
inasmuch that it is equally convenient for
those who . would refer to the notes and
forth.ose who are interested only in read
ing the' lines..' The text runs without
break: the notes being printed at the bot
tom of the page so they are handy for
reference if deslr.ed.
"Civil Government.
The American Book : Company of New
York has just published, a' revision .of
"Civil Government of the United States,"
by r George H. Marten, A. : M.. Supervisor
of Schools, Boston. : The present edition
brings it up to date by embodying air re
cent constitutional and statutory changes.
and by selecting illustrations of a timely
character. Its statement of principles Is
full ; ita : plan is comprohrnsi ve, embrac-
•It will be remembered what . a" ¦ stdrm
arose over the appearance last year of
volume III in the series of histories of
the United States navy, written by Edgar
S Maclay, A. M. At that time Mr.'Mac
lay was an employe in the Department of
the Navy, and 'this fact,;- combined with
his account of the. battle at Santiago,
raised no end of trouble. - The first two
volumes of his historical series had been
mest favorably commented ' upon . and
were already established ¦ as authorities
on the subject, so the unpleasantness
caustd by volume III seemed quite un
fortunate. Mr. Maclay also had to his
credit the authorship of another. valuable
work, "A History of American Priva
teers." Volume III of the series contains
an account of ' the navy since the Civil
War, with a history of the BpanlEh-
American War; and a new edition of this
particular volume has just been placed on
the (market. That part dealing -with our
last war has been revised to the date of
History of United States Navy.
The "middle kingdom" Is • becoming
more and more the focus of the world's
diplomacy, and, i such a book as "The
Btory of China." by R. Van Bergen, M.
A., author of "The Story of- Japan." Is
mest tiinely. Written by one long resi
dent in China, it draws largely on- per
sonal, observation for its facts. Commenc
ing with a description of the physical fea
tures of the country, it next considers the
people themselves,, their beliefs, customs
Story of China.
purpose of the whole work being to stim
ulate the growth of the higher self. (Pub
lished by Thomas Y. Crowell & Co., New
York. Price JL) •
"> Daniel Webster.
Daniel Webster graduated at Dartmouth
College in the class of 1S01, and in Sep
tember. 1901, the college celebrated lri an
elaborate manner at Hanover, N. H., the
centennial of that event. In compliance
with the Invitation of a committee of the
trustees of the 1 college, Samuel W. McCall
delivered an address— or, as it is termed In
the college official report— "The Webster
Centennial Oration." This address, with
the exception of some revision and the
addition of a few sentences, has been re
cently published In book form by Hough
ton, Mifflin & Co., Boston. Price SO cent3.
. ' ' ¦ - ¦ . "*- '¦ ' ¦ ¦ i
erale, lofty and inspiring.* It should be
read by. every earnest man who desires so
to live as to prove a blessing to his coun
try. -" '..' J
Thomas Y; Crowell & Co. of New York
have just published an exclusive and au
thorized edition of Mr. Hay's address,
corrected in proof by him personally.
Price 28 'cents.
The American Book 'Company, New
York, has just published an interesting
pamphlet" of observations and exercises
on the weather by James A. Price, A.
M., instructor in physiography in the
Fort Wayne, Ind., High School. Our
weather is a subject on which there Is
mere speculation and less knowledge than
on almost any other common series of
phenomena. Here is a manual intended to
supplement secondary school work in
physical geography, which offers a brief
course for the recording of accurate ob
servations and the deducing therefrom of
probable weather changes. The instru
ments necessary are few and inexpensive,
while non-instrumental observations form'
the larger part of the manual. Price 30
cents.
Observations on the Weather.
Messrs. Hinds & Noble, New York, have
just published a new volume to add to
their excellent collection of college songs.
This latest addition is one that cannot
but appeal directly to us of California, for
it is a book of : songs of the
"Western colleges, and in It over
seventy-five Western colleges are
represented by one or more typical
songs. Both Stanford University and the
University of California will find their
own particular songs a "part of the con
tents; and to give the book a still more
Western flavor, the introduction of the
volume has been written by Horace Gil
lette Lozier of the University of Chicago
and by Richard Walton ffully of the Uni
versity of California. Besides the old
favorites that have made themselves dear
alike to the graduate and the freshman,
there are all the latest songs that recent
ly delighted the college world. One point
that deserves special mention is the dura
bility of tire book; the binding and paper
is of the best and the volume will open
out fiat without breaking so that it can
be placed on a piano rack and the leaves
turned with all the reckless enthusiasm
that generally goes with the singing of
college songs. The price is $1 25.
Songs of the Western Colleges^
satisfaction. He liked the mates no bet
ter than the skipper, and, having said as
much one day to the second onicer, had no
reason afterward to modify his opinions.
He lived a life apart, and except for the
cook, another martyr to fault-finding,
had no society."
"At Sunwich Port" Is a long series of
sketches tied together with a slight
thread of love 6tory. The primary motif
of the book is the feud between
two ceafaring men. Captain Nugent
loses his ship to his second officer
through an unfortunate accident in the
fog. when the captain, at the Court of
Inquiry, Is blamed and the first officer.
Hardy, is made captain. Nugent gets
another ship a little later, but he never
forgives Captain Hardy for having sup
planted him in his old position.
At the beginning of the story Kate Nu
gent and Jack Nugent are mere children,
but they take up the feud of the captain
against the Hardy boy and there aro
Kome very lively times at Sunwich Port.
The Hardy boy invariably comes out vic
torious, both as a strategist and as a
fighter of pitched battles, and succeeds
in making- matters most active for aft the
Nugent lamiiy — even including the cap
tain and his faithful steward, Wilks,
who left the ship with his master.
Finally young Hardy is sent by his
father to London to study and Jack Nu
gent, after making a failure in his efforts
to draw a salary without work in the
local bank, is shipped away as an. ap
prentice, but tinaliy deserts ship ana noth
ing more is heard of him until he shows
up in Sunwich Port years after with
I>lenty of experience but no* money.
In the meantime Kate has grown up to
be a line young woman and when young
Hardy returns to Sunwich Port to go into
partnership -with Mr. Adolphus Swann in
the ebist broking business, the youth im
mediately falls in love with the fair one,
who, as a little girl, used to pull his hair.
HarJy paw is still on the high seas as
captain of The Conqueror, but Captain
Kutrent has abandoned his active life to
settle down 'to one of domestic tranquil
lity on a small inheritance — to the dismay
of his sister and his daughter. The two
old ciUJtains are still as bitter as of old
and Miss Nugent also scorns the efforts
of Jem Hardy toward changing the
hatred of the past to a friendship for the
future.
Young Nugent received such a frosty
greeting from, his parent upon his arrival
in the town that he has made no further
rffort io re-establish himself in his old
home, but has taken up his abode with
Kybird. tho sailer of second-hand clothes
for Sunwich Port, and goes to work as a
comnton laborer on the quay. All of
which in no way adds to the irate cap
tain's good humor.
Kybird knows of some property that
Jack Nugent is to Inherit, hence* his gen-.
eroslty in taking an interest in the young
man's welfare. The family of Kybird
Jinjilly agree that Jack would be a fine
catch for the fair Amelia Kybird; in
spit'? of the fact that she is already en
gaged to sir. Edward Silk, clerk, in the
firm of Swann & Hardy. With this idea
in mind thoy bide their time for an
auspicious moment when Amelia may be
able to hook the unsuspecting Nugent.
The opportunity comes one night when
Jack, returning from a convivial evening
with Jem Hardy, rushes headlong into
trouble with a speed only possible to a
yoiTiig man so carefree as himself:
He turned the handle of the door and. walk
leg in, discovered Miss Kybird entertaining
company in the person of Sir. Edward Silk.
"Kalloa," he said airily, as he took a seat.
"Don't mind me, young people. Go on Just
as you would if I were not here."
Mr. Edward Filk grumbled something under
his breath; Miss Kybird, turning to the in
truder with a smile of welcome, remarked
that she had Just thought of going to sleep.
"Going to sleep?" repeated Mr. Silk, thun
derstruck.
"Ye'a." Baid Mis« Kybird. yawning-.
• Mr. Ellk gazed at her, open-mouthed. "What,
with me 'ere?" he inquired. In trembling tones.
"Vou're not very lively company," said Miss
KybSrd. bending over her sewing-. "I don't
think you've epoken a word for the last quar
ter of an hour, and before that you were talk-
Ing of death warnings. Mad'e my flesh creep,
you did."
"Shame!" said Mr. Nugent.
"You didn't say anything to me about your
fleeh creeping," muttered Mr. Eilk.
"You ought to have seen it creep," interposed
Mr. Nugent, severely.
"I'm not talking to you," said Mr. Silk, turn-
Ing on him: "when I want the favor of remarks
from you I'll let you know." v
"Don't talk to ,my gentlemen friends like
that, Teddy." few Miss Kybird. sharply, "be
cause I won't have It. Why don't you try and
be bright and cheerful like Mr. Nugent ?'
Mr. .Silk turned and regarded that gentleman
steadfastly; Mr. Nugent meeting his gaze with
a pleasant Emlle and a low-voiced offer to give
him lessons at half a crown an hour.
"I wouldn't be like 'Im for worlds," Bald
Mr. Bilk, with a scornful laugh. "I'd sooner
be like anybody."
"What have you b»en easing to him?" in
quired Nugent.
"Nothing." replied Miss Kybird; "he's often
like that. He's got a nasty, miserable, jealous
disposition.. Not that I mind what he thinks."
Mr. Silk breathed hard and looked from one
to the otaer.
"Perhaps he'll grow out of It," said Nugent,
hopefully. "Cheer up, Teddy. You're young
yet."
"Might I arEfc," said "the solemnly enraged
Mr. Silk, "might I arsk you not to be so free
with my Christian name?"
"He doesn't like his name now," said
Nugent, drawing his chair closer to Miss Ky
bird' e. "and I con't wonder at It What shall
we call him? Job? What's that work you're
doing? Why don't you get on with that fancy
waistcoat you are doing for me?"
Before Miss Kybird could deny all knowledge
of the article in question her sorely tried ewaln
creeled a diversion by arising. To that simple
eot he imparted an emphasis which command
o<i the attention of both beholders, and draw
ing over to Miss Kybird he stood over her in
sn attitude at once terrifying and reproachful.
"Take your choice, Amelia," he said in a
thrilling voice "Me or 'im— which is it to
be?"
"Here, steady, eld man," cried the startled
Nup^nt. "Oo easy.",
"Me or Mm?" repeated Mr. Silk, In stern but
broken accents.
Miss Kybird p'.pjrled, and avoiding- his gaze,
lr>r.V«vi nrnrively at the f,-><5<*l hearthrug.
"You're making her blush." said Mr. Nugent
Fternly. "S!t down, Teddy. .I'm achamed of
you. We're both ashamed of you. You're con
fuFinc us dreadfully proposing to us both in
thf* wpy."
Mr. Silk regarded him with a scornful eye,
hut Mi.-s Kybird. bidding: him not to be fool
ish, punctuated her remarks with the needle.
p.nd a struggle which Mr. Silk regarded as
unrerirtly in tVe hiphest degree took place be
tween them for its possession. Mr. Nugent Be
cured it at last, and brandishing it flerrely ex
torted feninine screams from Miss Kybird by
threatening her with it. Nor was her mini
relieved until Mr. Nu<rent, reniarkingi that lie
would put It bark In the pinctEhlon, placed it
in the I<r of Mr. K<3ward Silk.
Mr. Kyldrd and his wife, entering through
the Hhcp, were Ju*t In time to witness a rpirit
o<1 rer'nrrr.anre on the part of Mr. Silk, the
cherished iiurjKiso - r>f. which was to deprive
them of a lodijer. He drew .back as they en
tefM. and raisin? his vole* above Miss Ky
birfl's, b'uran to erplcln his ectlcn.
"Tedrty. I'm ashamed of you," said Mr. Ky.
t>lrd. rh*Hng his head. "A little joke like
thrt: a .little lnnercent joke."
"If it 'r<\ been s darnii^-need'e, noir "
besar Mrs. TCyblrd.
"All risbt," raid the Cssrer'.te Mr. Silk;
Silver Stream:
"He liked It even less than the bank.
The monotony of the sea was appalling
to a youth of his tastes, and the fact
that the skipper, a man who never spoke
except to fl"d fault, was almost loqua
cious with him failed to afford him any
Ccn^c^d by
is a world of fun in W. W.
I Jacobs' latest book, "At Sunwich
| Port," just published/ by Charles
| Scribner's Sons, New York. Those
JL who have read "Many Cargoes" or
some others of Mr. Jacobs' humorous
bits will understand the treat that they
have before them. "At Sunwich Port" is
a man's book, but still it is so good In
its way that it cannot fail to please some
members of the fair sex as well.
Mr. Jacobs now stands well near tha
top as one of the humorists of the day.
He makes his point by suggestion rather
than description; a method both effective
and fascinating. For example, witness
th§ following paragraph telling of the
sensations of young Jack Nugent when
his sea-captain father, after observing
his son's failure as a bank clerk, places
the youth as apprentice on the bark
According to the original plan the cap
tain writes his son to meet him at the
house of Wilks. Jack goes, under the im
pression that here is an opportunity for
a reconciliation. According to the orig
inal plan the son is to drink some drug
ged wine and in the morning is to find
himself aboard the whaler and well out
at sea. According- to actual occurrence
and the reserve fund of Nathan Smith,
both father and son are drugked, and in
the morning Jack awakes in the bedroom
of the old steward with a splitting head
ache, while Captain Nugent comes to
himself in the forecastle of . Captain
Hardy's ship, which happened to be just
ready to san at that time.
The scene that ensues when Captain
Nugent, stowaway, meets Captain Hardy,
master, on the bridge o*"The Con
queror" may well be imagined. ,,-._
It is at this stage of the story that
young Hardy and Mr. Swann come to the
rescue with a scheme all of their own.
Nathan Smith also has a hand in this,
but clever as he is he finds more than a
match in the dapper senior partner of
the firm of Swann and Hardy. The firm
saves Jack from, becoming- a mem
ber of the Kybird family, and
incidentally wins the toleration of
the old captain, who has finally
succeeded io getting out of the fore
castle of 'T'he Conqueror" and back
again to his home; but it is only after
some very anxious moments and clever
plotting.
The blustering old captain really has
the right sort of a heart back of his bluff
ways, and it is easy to see that the story
will end happily for all, but that fact
by no means lessens the interest of the
book. Mr. Jacobs shows himself a mas
ter in the art of character drawing. You
feel, by the time you have finished Sun
wich Port, that if the place really ex
isted you might go to the town, knowing
its inhabitants as intimately as if you
had lived among them for years. If you
wish good, wholesome entertainment
with a laugh for every minute, as the
comedy sign-bills read, you cannot af
ford to miss meeting these people that
Mr. Jacobs has created for our amuse
ment.
Nathan Smith, the boarding-house
keeper, is just the man to carry the af
fair oft with flying colors except for one
small point which Captain Nugent had
overlooked; he is old Kybird's best friend
and Amelia's godfather. His nature is
such, however, that he by no means re
fuses to help the captain in his distress,
but simply goes into the plan with an
other littie idea held up his own sleeve
as a reserve fund. He proposes to get
lhe captain's money for himself and do
the Kybird family a good turn at the
same time.
When Captain Nugent learns that his
son is to marry into the odious Kybird
family he is beside himself with wrath
and in order to save the family honor
from absolute perdition invents a won
drous plan. He c«dls to his assistance
his trusty steward, Wilks, who lives in a
modest way in a home of his own in
Fullalove Alley at Sunwich. The schem
ers arrange with a sailor boarding-house
keeper to find a berth for Jack on an out
going whaler; the idea being that a trip
in the Arctic for a year will probably
take all thoughts of the fair Amelia out
of young Nugent's head besides beating
a little common sense therein at the
same time. • „* 'V
"This," 6aid' Mr. Nugent, as he sat on his
bed that night to take his boots off; "this is
what comes of trying to make everybody happy
and comfortable with a little fun. I wonder
¦what the governor"!! eay?"
Mrs. Kybird, after a moment's reflection, ad
mitted that he was right, and, the chain of
memory being touched, waxed discursive about
her own wedding and the somewhat exciting
details which had accompanied it. AXter which
she produced a bottle labeled "Port wine"
from the cupboard, filling- four glasses,
celebrated the occasion in a befitting but sober
fashion.
"He did," e&id Mr. Kybird, grimly; "and
I pretty near broke 'is 'ead for it. 'Arry Smith
is the one you're thinking of."
The stout lady in the chair gazed at the
couple fondly. "It reminds me of our wed
ding," she said, softly. "What was' it Tom
Fletcher said, father? Can you remember?"
" 'Arry Smith, you mean," corrected Mr.
Kybird.
"Tom Fletcher said something, . I'm sure,"
persisted his wife.
"Bar none," said Mr. Kybird, emphatically.
"I wasn't," said Mr. Nugent, truthfully. The
situation had developed so rapidly that it had
caught him at a disadvantage. He had a dim
feeling that, having been the cause of Miss
Kyblrd's losing one young man, the most ele
mentary notions of chivalry demanded that he
should .furnish her with another. And this
idea was clearly uppermost in the minds of her
parents. He looked over at Amelia, and with
characteristic philosophy accepted the posi
tion. /
"We shall be the Handsomest couple in Sun
wich." he said, simply.
"It's a bit rough on Teddy, isn't it?" in
quired Mr. Nugent, anxiously; "besides "
"Don't you worry about "im," said Mr. Ky
bird, affectionately. "He ain't worth it."
"So 'ave I," said Mr. Kybird. He shook
hands warmly with Mr. Nugent, and, patting
that perturbed man on the back, surveyed him
with eyes glistening with approval.
"Never mind 'im." said his wife, who was
Bitting- in the easy chair distributing affection
ate smiles between her daughter and the
startled Mr. Nugent. "Make 'er happy. Jack;
that's all I arsk. She's been a good gal, and
she'll make a good wife. • I've seen how it
was between you for some time." ',
Mr. Silk thrust him fiercely to one side,
and passed rasing through the shop. Tlv.'
sound of articles falling In all directions at
tested to his blind haste, and the force with
which he slammed the shop door was sufflcieut
evidence of his state of mind.
"Well, upon my word," said the staring Mr.
Kybird; "of all the outrageyous "
" 'ave it your own way. Let 'Melia marry
'im — I don't care — I jjive 'er up."
"Teddy!" said Mr. Kybird. in a shocked
vcice. "Teddy!"
ing th© national administration as well as
all local organizations; _ its historical
method is logical showing not omy what
our free institutions are. but also why
they are. by tracing their development;
and its arrangement is topical.' thus aid-
Ing the teacher in assigning lessons, and
the scholar in studying and remembering
them. It contains the constitution and
the Declaration of Independence in full,
and a complete index renders possible
ready reference to any topic. Price 90
cents. y;; ', : %
Vegetarian Cook Book.
"A Comprehensive Guide Brfok to Nat
ural. Hygienic and Humane Diet." by Sid
ney H. Beard, is a vegetarian cook book,
published at an opportune time. The ad
vancing prices of meat, together with the
natural desire for cooling and easily pre
pared foods during the summer time, will
probably result in Its widespread popu
larity. It is^not so much an argument
for that food system as a practical plan
for its observance, devoting most of its
space to recipes and suggestions. Slmplo
directions for salads, luncheon dishes,
desserts and other toothsome dishes make
the book of value to every housekeeper,
Irrespective of her "food creed."
But the subject itself of food reform is
beginning to be seriously considered by
thoughtful and enlightened persons in all
parts of the world, and the extent of this
Interest is increasing day by day. Th*
fact that- the nature, quality and quantity
of our dally food largely detcrmln* our
physical, mental and spiritual condition is
becoming generally recognized. Many per
sons would be glad to escape a flesh diet
If provided with adequate substitute*. To
supply these Is th* aim of this book,
which gives practical, r*llabl« Informa
tion la concise form, arotdtex sap*rflaota
matter ana TSaddism,"* aaa supplyiajf
©nhr such rectoys *«f*4 P** £* •lajwat*
as to require um sssj •» • Jh&adh. oh*x
for thelrlntej pf e ts-Upp. m
this edition, an account of naval opera
tions in the Philippines has been added,
together with all the . evidence brought
out at the recent Schley oourt of inquiry,
together with the subsequent protests and
replies, and while the findings of that
court and the decision of the President
were for the most part in accordance with
the resultsMaf his own historical investi
gations, he has, modified certain portions
of his narrative'.- The series is published
by D. Appleton & Co., New York. Each
volume S3. .
Deep Sea Plunderings.
Frank T. Bullen, author of "The Cruise
of the Cachalot" and other successful sea
stories, has just brought out another vol
ume of salt water yarns, called "Deep I
Sea Plunderings." In this he emphasizes
not only the freshness and vieor of the
sea, but also its. grandeur and gloom, its
I uncertainty and remorselessness. )
Mr. Bullen Is a past master of deep-,
water literature. He introduces the pic
turesque and dramatic side of a sailor's
life as well as depicting the hardships of
fo"c'stle existence. "Deep Sea Plunder
ings" is ;a series of bewildering sea
stories. ;The thrilling experiences that the
unknown sailor faces as -a mere incident
of his . daily life, and the hardships, hi
encounters, are pictured with the vivid
ness and insight that the author of "The
Cruise of j the Cachalot" always realizes
so forcibly and inevitably in his brilliant
pages. (Published by D. Appleton it Co.,
New York. Price $150.)
What Is BeligioftP
"What Is Religion? And Other New Ar
ticles and Letters,''- by Lyof N. Tolstoi-,
has just been published by Thomas Y.
Crowell & Co... New York. Price 60 ctints.
Tolstoi, always a world-force. Is here
seen again. in one of his most character
istic attitudes— stern adherence to what
he thinks is right, fearless denunciation
of wrong, and able exposition of the^en-
liof s,' which question many of the funda
mental truths of the Bible, one does not
see how his church could avoid . refusing
him the sacrament, for he follows Vol
taire at more than one point, while yet
adhering to the "true - religion, that is.
a true relation to the source of all— God."
Of scarcely less import; though a much
shorter article is the succeeding paper
"On Religious . Tolerance." Here he
sounds the note -of the prophet — and the
iconoclast. Then cornea score of essays
and -letters, not one of -which is without
It3 interest. Nearly all of them are of
theological trend. We- cannot give the
bent of his mind better'than by quoting
once more from the author, where he
takes issue with Coleridge and says: "I
began by loving my orthodox faith more
than my peace; then I loved Christianity
more than my church; and now I love
the truth more than anything in . the
world. And until now the truth coincides
for me with Christianity as I understand
it; and I profess this Christianity, and
in that measure in^ which I do profess
it I peacefully arid joyously 'live and
peacefully and joyously am approaching
death." • '
Julius Caesarl -
The Bowen-Merrill Company, Indian
apolis, has just issued volume four,
"Julius Caesar," in its excellent series
of Shakespearean dramas, under the edi
torial supervision of ' Edward Dowden.
The present volume is edited and annop
tated by Michael Macmillan— one of the
prominent Shakespearean commentators.
The remainder of the series will appear
at closer intervals from now on— the next
play will be "The Tempest." For every
one of these plays care nas been taken
to select as the editor an authority who
Is by temperament particularly adapted
to the play- for which he is chosen. The
introduction to "Julius Caesar" Is most
full and cannot fall to be of the greatest
Interest and value to all Shakespearean
scholars. It considers every phase of this
Literary Notes.
The A. "Wessels Company will publish
immediately "The Progression to Immor
tality," by Henry S. Brooks. Mr. Brooks
iias written from a new standpoint on
this ever mysterious and all absorbing
subject— the eternal question, on whica
every one who has really lived must have
asked and asked again tor light.
- The June Overland Monthly, which is
especially large and attractive, includes
the following: "Peter Jawn" (story), Dy
Herman Whittaker, illustrated by Scaniey
Armstrong; "A Three Months' Outing Id
Three Sta«e3 for Thirty-Three Dollars"
(article), by J. Edgar Koss; "Korea, tho
Pigmy Empire"* (article), by W. K. Grif
ns; "Klogh; the Story of an Oyster" (sci
entific fiction), by P. L. Washburn. A. M.
(concluded); "The- Sacred Furnaca of ilon
War" (.article), by Harriet Quimby; "A
Business' Proposition" (story), by Helen
E. Richardson; "In Quest of Bohemia"
(story), by Alfred Galpin.
Edward EL Mitchell, the San Francisco
publisher of Pacific Coast Souvenirs, has
added a new and interesting set to his
collection of colored post-card*. This set
"of ten Includes some of the well-known
aid striking views of California— Yoaem-
Ite Falls, Natural Bridge at Santa Cruz,
Capltola. Hotel and beach, Sioux chief.
Standing Bear; University of California,
"Tbo Quad," Leland Stanford Jr. Univer
sity, Three. Brothers. Yosemit* Valley;
Vernal Falls. Yosemlte Valley; Fallen
Monarch, Maripoaa G&>ve, and log cabin.
Saripoea Grove. The set sells for 25
o*nta. . *J
Tba QwrtaxA Monthly na» In pxepara
tkSa a Bre* Harta memorial number for
fi*pt«sb*r that prorai*ea wolL Mr. Harta
IVUtati first editor oX the Overland,
wsJcn, of course, adds Interest to the
forthwm^ir number. The magazine Is
ra. tinning pn posalbl* data cono*rnlng this
T f i^f»H mu who rooently died in Eng-
Sad aad th# idea 1* to present th* best of
hla storl** and poems, fully Illustrated.
yktM nuxob*r Is also to have soxn* of th*
fees* •tories by tn* oontrlbutors to the- first
y>ip^w^ of to* Overland, together with
their portraits. It Is the Intention to
make th* lsau* a memorial to th* early
literary workers of tha coast. Fao-aimllea
ct Hart*'* manuscripts, signature, his
ftr»t printed production, etc., will b* given,
Dr. TBAodor* Ik Ouylor. who now. In
Us tUX year, 1m living In Brooklyn, the
•oen* of his many year* of labor as a pas
tor, 1* to put f orth th'T fall through th*
Baker & Taylor Oo. two books of great
Interest and importance. Tho first of
thee* wQl be "Reminiscence* of a Loaar
Lilfe.** For a number of years Dr. Cuyler
has been urged by his friends and ad
mirers to publish an autobiography. This
h* has been unwilling to do, but now h*
has compromised with a volume- of remi
niscences. It will amount to a summing
up of the more Important and Interesting
events and Incidents of his life. The book
will contain sketches of his boyhood, his
college life, his first trip to Europe, fa
mous personages be met abroad and recol
lections and stories of famous persona in
fb»« country. Dr. Cuyler's long life of
most active service, his. association with
great men and great events, his Intimate
acquaintance with the greatest preachera
of this half century will all contribute
greatly to the- value and Interest of this
volume. r"~A
_Hls second book will b« "Help and Good
cGser," a series of brief me3sage3. Dr.
Cuyler has ever been at his best in tha
role of a friend to the sorrowing and the
troubled, and to this day possesses all
the cplritual strength and optimism which
have made his Ufa so vigorous and help
fuL
A literary friend one* told Julia Mar
lowe that if she could write with th^
same spirit and descriptive power that
characterize her conversation she would
be able to make a book that would prove
Intensely readable. Whether Miss Mar
lowe \took the compliment to her conver
sational powers very seriously or not, she
at least treasured up the remark a3 to
how one might make a spirited book, and
is putting it in practice in preparing her
forthcoming volume, "Six Girls From
Shakespeare. " It will be her first book,
and naturally she is eager that it will do
her tome credit. She has been studying
the subject, which relates to the historic,
literary and artistic traditions which lin
rer around the six Shakespearean hero
ines that she has played— namely, Juliet.
Viola, Imogen, Beatrice. Rosalind and
Maria— for a long time and has the mate
rial at her fingers' ends. It is in the
shaping up of it that she is now engaged,
.and the book, far from being written. Is
being dictated. On three mornings of the
week a stenographer comes to her apart
ment and takes her dictation while she
speak3 from rough notes for two or three
hours. "When he leaves he has from two
to three thousand words in his note book,
which he brings back the following morn
ing in typewritten form, with a space of
"two Inches between the lines. Miss Mar
low© takes this typewritten copy of the
previous day's dictation and corrects, in
terlines and adds, until th© pages look as
though they had been walked over by a
brood of Inky and nervous hens. , The
stenographer departs with tho amended
copy and spends more or less prayerful
hours putting It Into legible shape. Th*
next day he brings It back, and by that
time it is In something like the form that
the actress intends it ultimately shall be.
But still more correcting, interllnlnj
and adding are done, with the result thai
the next day a third copy of her material
Is submitted to Miss Marlowe. This on*
sometimes passes muster, thourh It ts by
no means certain that a fourth will not
be demanded by subsequent chasjres. In
this way she is able to put into definita
shape about 5000 words a we**, and sb*
says she has to thank Mlas Jeaniwtt*
Gilder for the hint which sh* ts followta*
out In the preparation of n*r book.
Books KecedTred.
TTTT3 OATH OS" TH3C Ttm Bj Jtatta W.
'B.Kr&isg. Lothroa PabEaliinx Horn
too. n ca
MAROAKET BOWT^T— By Mm U Tt»>
e*at. Ix>t2uro]> PuMiiMs* »M" P< »y Bwtso.
n so.
MR. WEITilXN— -By E!lsab«C3l VoS«a. 1*
tlxrop Publishing Comoany, Bootoa. $1 Ba
PRACTICAT. FORESTRY — By Jo&a GUSord.
I>. Appleton A Co.. N*w York.
SPKNCER'9 FACTS AJNT> CO2Q£2!NT»— By
Herbert Spencer. D. Appleton A Co.. X»w
York.
MISS PETTICOATS — By Dwhrht Ttltaau C
M. Click Publi»hlri«"Oompany, Boston. 11 60.
THE TRUE NAPOLEON— By G»*ri«. Jos
¦elyn. R. H. Russell, New York.
JOHN McGOVERN # 3 POEMS— By John Mo-
Govern. William S. Lord, Evanaton. Ill $1
LINE-O*-TYPE LYRICS— By Bart Leston
Taylor. "William S. Lord, Evanston, m. 50c
UNCLE JED'S COUNTRY LETTERS— By
Hilda Brenton. Henry A. Dlckerman. & Son
Boston.
BARTLETTS ANTMAX5 AT HOMB-By
Lillian L. Bartlett. American Book Comnany
New York. 45 cents.
THE GOVERNMENT; XTBXT IT IS- WHAT
IT DOES — By Salter Storra Clark. Am«rlcaa
Book Company. New York. 75 cants.
THE GOSPEL OF JUDAS ISCARIOT— By
Aaron DwlKht Baldwin. "Jamleson-Hlnlna
Company. Chicago. $1 60. "
THE EARTH'S BEGINNING-^-By Robert
Stawell Ball. D. Applaton & Co.. New York.
$1 80. r
STEPHEN HOLTEN — Br Charles Fehon
Pidgin. L. <:. Page & Co.. Boston. $1 00. »
A MODEL OF QUAINT HUMOR
"AT SUNWICH PORT"
and education. Then the history of the
Chinese empire la briefly sketched, from
the earliest times to the Boxer uprising
The .bock is attractively illustrated from
photographs, and forms an Interesting
and valuable supplementary geographical
reader. (Published by the American Book
Company, New York. Price 60 cents.)
"UAWRSNCE PN : THE CHESAPEAKE."
.THE -ABOVE rLLTTSTBATION IS PROM "AMERICAN SEA
FIGHTS," BY; GEOBGE GIBBS, ARTIST ANB-ATTTHOB. IT IS
ON£ OF A POBTFOIilO OF STRIKING j PICTURES THAT HAS
JUST BEEN PUBLISHED BY R. H. RUSSELL, NEW YORK.
PRICE $10.00. . ". ¦:
THE SUjSDAY CAJLL.
12
Fiji illiiS^iilllJl 1 iir?l! {
I jOMAR SI
iiPliillj
l|y KHAYYAM ijj I
''p| -JUNIOR Hg
!;V,-iJ •***"»«>«» vofcrauih fit but*, \tigfi
jSJ jr^fj" * lr n»* <• U*t a'tvhtm «a tit Xr;— YJ* .
3 $**§ O^toiCa nn WAUnm u«l* - V *\ '
pS by Wallace Irwia ***£
"^ Love Sonnets ol a Hoodlum"
V ELDEfi AND SHEPASD „ \The world has so long been at war with
the hapless printer that it will be Inter
esting to know that at least one compos
itor.has been capable of following instruc
tions. Once upon a time a printer brought
to Booth for inspection proof, of a new
poster, which, after the manner of its
kind, announced the actor as "the emi
nent tragedian, Edwin- Booth." Mr.
Booth did not fully approve of it.
"I wish you'd leave out that 'eminent
tragedian' business. I'd much rathar have
it simple 'Edwin Booth,' " he said.
"Very good, sir." \.
The next week the actor saw the first of
his new bi'l3 In position. Ills request had
been carried out to the letter. -The poster'
announced the coming engagement of
"Simple Edwin Booth."
a safe with nitroglycerin and just
how, he proceeds to business. His outfit
consists of a few pounds of putty, a suf
ficient quantity of nitroglycerin, a ham
mer and perhaps a couple of thin wedges.
With these, and a fuse and matches, he
is .ready to "negotiate", the so-called
burglar-proof safe, » and the degree of his
success depends almost wholly upon him
self." . ¦' \- . •; ,--;.;. "' .¦ \
; /A -very short time is needed In which
to "blow" the safe. The first thing cione
is to make a [ careful inspection of the
upper door Jamb oV the safe. No matter
how tight-fitting and carefully adjusted
the door of a safe may be, it is- claimed
that it is impossible to make.it so that a
.wedge hardly any. thicker than a razor
edge will not find . entrance... A . few taps
with a hammerdrive in the thin end of
the wedge, making an opening which may
not be ,any ' bigger than a thin sheet of
papeiv; The wedge is driven in further, a
thicker ?w,edge is inserted, and this is fol
lowed, perhaps, by^a still thicker- one,
each wedge only receiving a ifew dull
blows, until finally the opening" between
now turns to his lump of putty and goes
to work on the bottom of the safe door.
The minute crack here where the door
and the, safe meet is carefully puttied up
along its whole length, and the line of
putty is continued up for about a foot on
each end along the sides of the door. Tho
burglar with his putty next makes a
"cup" at^ the' top of .the door, directly
facing the opening ma.de by the wedga.
When the cup , is finished he fills it up
with nitroglycerin. This slowly perco
lates in through the thin opening made
by. the wedge, .and as soon aa the cup
lias emptied itself it is filled again. Now,
what happens?
The nitroglycerin does not simply dis
appear in' the safe among the books and
drawers. It slides down the top of the
door at an angle of 45 degrees and fol
lows down the ; inside of the door. In
stead of resting on the bottom of the
safe, the nitroglycerin follows *he "steps"
into which the door Is fitted. Here the
nitrcglyceriri collecta, the putty on the
outside of the door preventing- Its escape.
The burglar keeps pouring In nltro-
VERY few people are aware how
simple are the implements needed
by the modern burglar in opening
the door and the wall of the safe Is per
haps a sixteenth of an Inch wide. Leav
ing the last wedge «- place, the burglar
How the Expert Burglar Cracks a Safe
glycerin by the aid of his "cup" until h»
believes; that the interstices between the
bottom 'of the door and the safe are full
of the liquid, making a layer under the
door at an angle of about 45 degrees. The
eaf e la then ready to be "blown," which
merely consists in setting off the expio-"
Bive. So powerful is nitroglycerln that it
wrenches the door from Its place and
leaves the inside of the safe at the mercy
of the burglar.— New York Times.
Yet, in his rare moments of comparative
humility he will half admit that hfs wo
men assistants contrive great works for
which he, as chef, gets credit, "and 'he
knows other renowned kitchens la Lon-
enough to include anything the King
wants, for it 13 a chief qualification of
theso functionaries to know his tastes.
Mr. Manager selects jCverything ha
needs. The master of the^ kitchen, Mr.
Mr. Menager's career goes to substanti
ate the saying that great cooks are born,
not made. He is not more than 40 now
and th^ compliment of being asked to
become chef to the Prince of Wales was
paid him more than five years ago. He
Is a Frenchman, probably of the south,
tall and comely, with a black beard
trimmed on the model, of his master's.
It was from the kitchen of the Reform
Club, the best club for dining in London,
that he moved westward a few hundred
yards to Marlborough House. The Re
form Club kitchen has been for a long
time the studio of great artists. Its Tory
neighbor, the Carleton, plodded , along
with the old plain dishes and let the
cookery contest go by default, only
shaking its head and muttering, "Those
Whigs always had French leanings."
He says with conviction that he doed
not believe that feminine nature can rise
to the greatest lieights in his art any
more than in, painting, poetry or music
don. Sir Edward LawBon's and Julius
Wernher's, which hav6 frequently served
dinners to his royal master and are con
trolled absolutely by women cooks.
He does not sleep under the King's roof,
but has his private residence in a street
not very far away. Breakfasts are not
his affair on ordinary, days; they are the
task of his assistant. It is not looked
for that any artist produce three
masterpieces in one day, especially when
the greatest, the dinner, has to coma
last. Thus Mr. Menager need not quit
his own rooftree till after 11 o'clock.
Then he steps into a hansom and drives
to Marlborough House. His kitchen is
big and bright and has all the windows on
tho ground floor facing the lawn. The
carte for luncheon is brought to him and
his work begins., V
The King never draws up the, list, of
dishes for his own meals. This is done
by Lord Farquhar, the master of the
household, or.' Lord Valentla, tho comp
troller, but of course it is always varied
King Edward's Ten-Thousand Dollar Cook
IF the viands served at the table of
King Edward of England are. not to
the liking of those who are favored
with invitations to dine with his
Majesty it will not be for lack of a
cook who enjoys a reputation second to
none in Europe and a salary that the
ablest statesmen of the world might en
vy. In making his arrangements for the
public feasts of the coronation season
this kir.g of the kitchen is to have a
free hand, for by the King'e mandate his
slightest wish 'is to be complied with.
It was a decree promulgated by King
Edward when he ascended the— throne
that Mr. tfenager. his cook, wats not, to
interfered with. Mr. Mcnager draws an
annual salary of $10,000 a year— about the
same i-s a lieutenant general in the Brit
ish army or an admiral of the fleet, it
is the same a.s the official income of two
members of Lord Salisbury's Cabinet
and it ex cetfis that of the keeper of the
British museum and of sundry bishops. ,
Mr. Menager's position is much firmer
than tlie Ministry's. The King has re
ferred to him again and agafrTas a "per
fect treasure," and frequently proffers
h'.zn a cigar from the royal pocket case.
A negro kissed a white waitress at a
restaurant at ; Granger, near .Salt Lake
City, some two years ago. Witnesses of
the episode-were so enraged by the as
sault that they commenced a five days'
caiiipalgn ; against all the negroes in the
city, who.^of ' course,^ took the, part of
their colored comrade. Thirty-six, white
men were either killed or wounded, to say
nothing of eightar negroes, and at the end
of "that time tho. -waitre-s> astonished
everybody by lnanylns Uer colored lover.
about 1 the decimation of a town. A
Spanish vessel put Into the little seaport
of Candalo, on the coast of Florida, fly_ing
the yellow flag, and was accordingly or
dered to remain in quarantine, . for more :
than one member of the crew exhibited
symptoms of bubonic plague. But a
sailor disobeyed orders and put off in a . j
boat- for shore one evening,' where ;he v
sought outhls fiancee and r embraced her.'
The girl . succumbed to. the plague, which
spread through the town so rapidly" that
over 204 persons died out of a total popu
lation of 1500. :•'
A FATAL kiss was that given by a
young Spanish pallor to, his fiancee
nine ; years ago, , for it brought
KISSES THAT
LEAD TO
DEATH.
ECHOES FROM PING -PONG
IT was a glorious meet."
"How much did you lose?"
"It is to be hoped that King Ed-
ward will patronize the game ex-
warn -wm *;«*«"""¦«- «¦« c*
tensively."
"It was so thoughtful In the" genial
hostess to pass around chewing gum and
chicken salad."
"Mr Leon Lilac opened a costly snuff-
ln the shape of a racque, and Mr.
Harry Heart wore a pair of ping-pong
trousers."
"It is much to be commended that,
thoueh there were numerous bad plays,
all strenuous language was eliminated,
The strongest expression was 'Oh,
fudge!' by Mr. Charley Callow, after
he had driven the ball through a thin
mirror." ,
"It is not known as yet. if the different
„*,.„ *y.a Hoiie-h'tful
churches will sanction the dengntiui
game. Many of the fellows hope not.
There is always so much spice in any-
thing a little wicked." j
"Ping-Pong has eclipsed bridge whist
for parlor gambling Severa^
young ladies present -lost their matinee
allowances for a year. It is also whis-
pered that certain mesfiames will not be
able to contribute toward charity func-
tions for some time." -
"Of course, the inevitable wit waa
present. Mr. Freddy Wages remarked
that while table tenn.s was a quiet pame,
it could not be played without a racquet,
For this outburst of brilliancy he was
rewarded with loud and continuous ap-
DJ ause >. -
..The' re has been much discussion as
t0 wnether a physical culture course is
essential to those intending to take the
game up. We think it is. Mr. Harold
m& limlted hlmself t0 ten clgar.
eUeg per day and only chewed g.um after
meals. He also says that he takes vig
orous exercise by dressing himself, in
stead of allowing his valet to do so, as
previously.' r v
cess Thyra. reckless or the fact that she
was already affianced. High words en-
Bued, followed by blows, and a duel was
arranged, which led to diplomatic rela
tions between the two nations being dis
continued,. A war broke out ultimately
and resulted In the death of many men
before .there was a declaration of peace.
BlacWwood. a much
more prosaic personage,
a mere : man of iigures.
eeos that all the articles
come in and that the items ¦
on the tradesmen's accounts
correspond. When he has, verified
them they are taken to Sir Nigel •: •
Kingscote, the paymaster, who writes •
out checks for payment.
At 0 o'clock Menager returns to Marl
borough House to prepare the. King's din
ner. He is frankly proud of his early crea^
tions. and will often Include cutlets a la.
reform or other dishes named after the
grtat Whig resort in the King's menu.
Tir.iorr.us cooks might' hesitate -to thrust
the word "reform" under the eyes ot,the
King when he was dining, but Mr. Men
ager and his ' master understand each
other.
Before the King touches a. dish a senior
member of his household tastes it .and
puts it before him. No waiter touches tho
plate after this tasting? performance.
The King's wine taster,; Mr. Payne, is
sc;./cely so close to ; the throne as Mr.
Menager. the cook. Mr. -Menager rose to
his present height through sheer genius,
while Mr. Payne belongs to -the heredit-,
ary brancfi of the British constitution,
for he succeeded his father.-
Physically he is a great man, and he
treats nte office with becoming gravity.
Twice a week— it will be oftener when
coronation time comes— he walks into St:
James Palace, produces' his bunch of
keys and descends through a trapdoor
into the cellar, accompanied by a servitor
holding a lantern. : > ¦•
Mr. Payne has the list of wine he is
to take out. Each kind he tastes. Like
the professional at his craft, he does not
swallow. . He will; tell you that the' man
who swallows cannot taste. 'He _ just
takes a little in his mouth and puts it out.
, - - - • - . ¦____ ¦¦ ¦¦ ¦-¦ , \K ;
This by no, means
•settled matters, for
/the negroes thereupon
joined forces with the
.White men, and the couple 1
1 barely . escaped the city with
their lives.
" Kisses cost the lives of many
Jj'rave soldiers once in. the history
of the British army, .if a popular
story be true. The beautiful Duch
ess of Gordon .in * 1794 raised the
famous Gordon Highlanders by, it
is said, giving .a . thousand recruits
a kiss and a srolden guinea apiece. The
regiment ' was raised to its full strength
in a few days. The men were then sent
otU against the French, and in the first
battle in which they took part more than
250 fell killed or .wounded. It can be
truthfully said that, they paid ..for the
Duchess' kiss with their lives, for many
who had plenty of guineas enlisted,
moved by her kiss of patriotism.'
Previous to 'this, in.' 1718, a war was!
'brought about by a thoughtless kiss on
the part of a Bavarian Prince of gome
what'- reckless character named ;. Ferdi
nand. During a visit to a neighboring
state he inadvertently kissed a beautiful
member of* the royal household,' Prin-
would be better if it were gray, but ex.- i
pcrience has taught that white is the best
adapted for the use of the expert player.
'•There can be no doubt," said an ex
pert the other day, "that the constant
watching- of the ball which is required in
the game tends to aggravate a^eakneaw
of the eyes. The moving of the muscUf
which control the eye3 wearies them after
an ordinary game. The control of. the
eyes is really the most essential part, for
the game calis into requisition compara
tively few muscles.
"I have heard much of the ping-pong
ankle, but as the ankle is used compara
tively little in playing I do not think that
the maiaUy is one.v/hich the player need
count. Some players find that the dorsal
muscles arc easily tired, and the man
who stoops a great deal in his effort to
find the balls which have been knocked to
the carpet is lijtcly to suffer from sore
ness and inflammation of the muscles
alrout the pftins. There is in my opinion
j. ping-pong eye, although I deny that
there is si ping-pong face.
"It has been said that the muscles of
the legs and arms are often wearied By
the game. This .is true in a. sense, but I
think that the eye and the brain -will be
exhausted :n ping-pong long before the
muscles used in sending and returning
balls can be affected to any appreciable
extent."
•— -\ ISEASES with strange names have
Dloliowtd in the wake of ping-pong,
J.ut the real pang is not a fanciful
une. for the watching of the cellu
loid* sphere really strains the eyes.
Let London surgeons talk as they will
about tei.dosyr.ovitis "and p^ig-ponS an
kles: all these are as nothing compared
to tho'strair.ed muscles of the eye of the
Ail ping-pong devotees, even experts,
suffer from the ping-pong eye more or
Jess. Other muscles employed to playing
th* game are ""speedily co-ordinated. To
develop a proper technique is^ing-pong
is no easy matter, and in the endeavor
the eye suffers the most.
There is a ping-pong wrist, of course,
and a ping-pong back, but the player who
can return a ball a hundred times or so
suffers comparatively little from these.
The tyro who bends often to pick up the
balls -which bound upon the carpet is the
one who is most likely to complain of
In time he learns, however, to make the
optical nerves save the exertions of the
muscles. Then he requires a ping-pony
i ji^jlimii
Not much strength # is required in tho
game. A little more vigorous than bil
liards and not quite bo arduous as tennis.
of which it is a cousin german, pins-
THE S U^J)AY CALL. .
pcng appeals to those who have the quick
eye. -/ .
The skillful player can keep his body
almost rigid, and standing In front of the
table send the ball backward and forward
with scarcely a movement of a muscle
except those of the wrists. Many or the
players are able- to sit In • one of the
chairs such as are used by spectators in
billiard games, and still keep the ball go
ing rapidly.
Physicians say that many ping-pong
players suffer from an inflammation of
the eye. and champion players add their
Testimony. The constant watching of the
ball is liable to cause heaoaclies, or, 'in
other words, to cause irritation to spread
from the overworked optical mu.-des.
The pir.g-ro"g eye is often bloodshot.
The only way to cure it is to stop play
ing and to give the overworked eye a
chance to rest. Th!s the ping-pong devo
te*- objects to doing. When ho becomes
absorbed in the game he persists in play
ing it in season and out of season.
There are many . ping-pong table's which
served originally in dining-rooms. The
man who plays upon them is prone fo
contract the ping-pong eye. The ideal
table should be dark green^This color is
easy on the eye. A retired billiard or
poo! • table is well adapted to the game,
as far*"as the effect upon the eye is con
cerned. The ball is dazzling white. It
THE PING PONG
STRAIN ON THE EYE
MUSCLES
13WHERE IS THE OWNER OF THE HORSE?
¦' v
THE, MATADOR IS PREPARING TO THRUST. WHERE IS THE BULL?
Magistrate (disgusted)— Yes, and he did
open a jewelry store in the vicinity later
on and stole seventeen watches.
New policeman (after_a pause)— Begorra,
yer honor, the man may have been a
thafe, but, he was no liar.
New policeman— Shure. yer honor, I saw
but one man an' I asked him what he was
doing there at that time o' night.- Sez he,
"I have no business here just now, but I
expect to open a jewelry sthore in the
vicinity later on." At that I says, "I wish
you success, sor."
Magistrate (to new policeman)— Did you
notice no suspicious character about the
neighborhood?
SIMPLE AND SURE TESTS ON
PRECIOUS STONES.
use a magnifying glass -when watchlnz
the action of the drop.
Still another test of this nature is to
-pass the stone over .a piece of aluminum.
Both the metal and the stone should ba
absolutely free from any trace of grease.
The metal will give off some of Its color
to an imitation stone; while a genuine
diamond will remain perfectly clear and
unaffected. Among jewelers the final test
is to apply a drop of fluorhydric acid totha
stone under suspicion. The acid will eat
info any false diamond and frost It, whila
the genuine stone will not be damaged In
the slightest degree.
Perhaps the simplest method ot all,
however, is to examine an ink spot on a
sheet of white paper through a diamond,
by holding the upper surface against tha
eye. If the stone be counterfeit, the black
spot will appear greatly multiplied, or at
least doubled. The outline will, moreover,
appear blurred and Indistinct. By using a
magnifying glass the test can readily b«
made absolute.
The optical test*is the best in examin
ing rubies and emeralds. It Is commonly
supposed that such stones can be best
tested by rubbing them with a file, that
the genuine stones resist the steel, whila
the imitation only will suffer; but tha
test is not exhaustive. The best plan la
to examine them closely with a mlcro-
Bcope of about 100 diameters. The gen
uine stones have a number of mlnuto
flaws, whereas the imitations are likely
to be much more nearly perfect In tex
ture.
The imitation ruby Is filled with mlnuta
air bubbles, which are not to bo found in
the genuine stones. The color of tho imi
tation is sometimes even purer and more
even than the real stones. As a rule, any
yellowish tinge is considered suspicious.
Genuine emeralds axe to be determined by
tiny flaws, treelike or dendritic in shape.
Sccsnwc Reps^s *n Pen^cn Offfce.
that my chances of becoming younger ax*
exceedingly slim. In my case senile de
bility is not due to vicious habits; yet I
have a habit of getting older each day."
Disbursing such an enormous amount of
money as it does annually, it would be
surprising if the Pension Office were not
beset by swindlers. Undoubtedly thou
sands of pensions obtained on fraudulent
grounds are now being paid quarterly;
yet the percentage of uncertainty in such
matters is wonderfully small, owing to
the extreme pains taken to Investigate all
claims. All over the country shark at
torneys are constantly in pursuit of peo
ple who may be supposed to be entitled to
allowances; and, though they are not
permitted to exact more than $10 as a fee
in each case, they have various ways of
evading the law in this respect. "Gifts"
of silk dresses and carriages have been
solicited for wives and daughters, and
one lawyer actually induced a claimant's
wife to bake a cake with $400 in it and
present it as a Christmas complimeP-—
Christian Endeavor World.
"Wherein lies the difference between
photography and courtship?" he asked
softly.
"I don't knew," she 1 replied.
"In photography," he explained, "the
negative is developed in the dark room,
while courtship is where the affirmative
Is developed."
"She blushed but made no answer.
"Let us." he suggested, "proceed to de
velop an affirmative."
There being no objection, it was so or
dered.—Stray Stories.
57vP NY one. can tell a genuine diamond
// \\ or precious stone even from a very
Ii x> clever imitation. There are a few
household tests which are practi
cally infallible. The diamond expert,
after long years of experience with gems,
can detect an imitation, as a rule, at a
glance. The layman in «ucn matters, with
a few. simple .' tests, tanes more time to
solve such,probjems. but his judgment in
the end is scarcely less accurate.
An imitation djamond is never so bril
liant as a genufne stone. If your eye is
not experienced enough to detect the dif
ference, a very simple test is to place the
stone under water. The imitation stone is
practically extinguished, while -a genuine
diamond sparkles even under water and
is distinctly visible. When possible, place
a genuine stone beside the possible Imita
tion under water and the contrast will
be apparent to the least experienced eye.
The glass cutting test is, of course,
more or less familiar. It Is probably the
most common.
False diamonds are usually cut "more
regularly than the genuine stones. In
cutting a diamond the material is saved
as far as possible. In an imitation the
material is itself worthless and no at
tempt is made to suit the size or angle
of the facets to the form of the stone. It
can be put down as a safe rule that when
a stone is cut with great evenness and
regularity it is, to say the least, a very
suspicious sign.
Another very simple and effective test
is to place a drop of water on the stone
and carefully 'observe the result. The
stone should first be very carefully clean
ed. On an imitation diamond the drop,
however small, will deliquesce. The drop
will, however, retain its original shape on
a true stone. To make the test quite sure,
mMONG the oddities of the pension
business are eccentric reports
made to the bureau by physicians
who have examined applicants.
One such medical report says: "The
claimant alleges loss of memory; but, as
we could not take it out and examine it.
we have nothing to say — only his state
ment, which we rate nil." In another
case: "Claimant » cannot read without
glasses very much. He never could read
much. He never learned." Another} "I
find a scar on this man's foot at the junc
tion of the sole with the upper." Yet an
other: "In the center was also seen a
largexred lump as large as a small hen's
egg— or rather a small egg, be the hen
herself of dimensions stately or
wise."
From the Pension Office, by some in
advertence, was sent out the following:
"The claimant above named is required to
file his sworn statement showing when,
where and how he contracted senile de
bility; that such disability was not due to
vicious habits, and is to the best of his
knowledge and belief of a permanent
character."
Claimant's answer: , "My age Is 70. I
cannot ¦ say precisely when and where I
contracted senile debility. ¦ It has come on
quite gradually. -. I seemed free from It en
tirely at my birth; yet, if I had not been
born so ' far back as I was, I am sure I
would not be suffering from It so severely
as now. > The most eminent authorities
are agreed that old age Is of a permanent
character, and I begin to feel certain
de out the ; puzzles. They are by
no means as: simple as they may ap
pear,p.t. first ¦> glance, and yet youv
American" r ¥tlcSt6itivehe"ss will ' not
permit you to give them up after'you
have once begun. Take the first one
of this set as a key to the rest and let
us see how the play goes. The ques
tion is to find "Uncle William" — quite
easy when you know, just where to
look. Turn the picture so that the
left-hand side becomes the base and
you will see "Uncle William" just as
plain as day in the lower center,
formed by the wall. Now that you
have an idea how it is done, try the
HERE is another series of six
puzzle pictures, all of them
just as interesting , as those
that have been appearing for the last
few weeks en this page. Just try
one of them, and if you succeed in
solving it why it is safe to predict
that you will not rest easy until you
have studied out the rest. There 'is
a certain fascination in the game and
if your time is limited it would be
well to just tear this page out and put
it in your pocket for future reference;
for the time when you have your easy
chair in front of the fire and the
evening before you in which to puz-
*r vt *v HILE he is enjoying more or
\ A 1 less fame just now, the man
\f \y who boxed J. Pierpont Mor-
Y r gan'a ears Is not the stern in
dividual such a performance
would lead one to believe. There is noth
ing in his make-up, as one views him out
wardly, that indicates hasty temper or ill
humor. Indeed, the impression his per
sonality gives is one of kindliness and ur
banity. As he sat in his revolving cbair
In the office of the What Cheer and Mu
tual Life Insurance companies at Provi
fience, R. I., of which he .-.is- president,
Lewis T. Downes seemed the «mbodiment
at good nature.
"Am T the man who boxed J. Pierpont
Morgan's ears when he was a boy?" he
asked, .repeating the question. "Well, I
must be truthful," he continued, "and
admit I am the man.
"I think it was in 1853," he went on.
""That this little affair occurred. I was
the organist at Christ Church In Hart
ford. We were holding an afternoon serv
ice, and as I was running over the keys I
noticed a slight disturbance in the gal
lery. The offenders, I quickly discovered,
were two lads who were endeavoring to
make tlie girls from Miss Draper's board
ing school laugh. I shook my head at the
youngsters, but that had no quieting ef
fect. The boys continued their 'monkey
shines,' and then I decided to adopt dras
tic measures.
"I left the choir loft, went over to the
pew in .which the two young disturbers
sat a*nd separated them by 'putting one at
either end. Believing I had suppressed
them, I returned to the organ, but as I
was about to touch the keys I turned
my. head and there were the two young
sters together again, indulging in even
more tricks.- ..
"It didn't take me long to reach them.
I gave both a sound cuffing, and taking
each by the ear. led them out of the
church. That ended the trouble.
"Those boys were J. Pierpont Morgan
and Clarence Sterry. You know who Mr.
Morgan' is, but perhaps. you do not know
that Mr. Sterry is one of Hartford's
prominent insurance men' of to-day. That
is all there is to this story about my box
ing young Morgan's ears."
While Mr. Downes has been a wide
awake business man, he has been a de
voted and accomplished musician. He
was graduated from Trinity College,
Hartford, in 1848, but he had begun his
career as an organist eight years before.
HE BOXED J. PIERPONT MORGAN'S EARS
rest of them for yourself. It you can't
see them ; give the page to the chil
dren, and x it is ten chances to one that
they will be able to find the missing
pictures in about one-third the time
that you have spent on them. Ther3
is lots of fun to be had from the sport
even if it is exasperating at times—
especially so when you have spent an
hour on one ¦without solving it and
then turn it over to see what your
friend can do and find that he gets
the answer right away. In that case
try him on some of those that seemed
easy to you and it is more than likely
lie will have to call for help.
apparatus and 1027 firemen in the city—
to the fire. In snowtime the engine
travel on runners instead of wheels. Be
side the driver sits a man ringing a big
bell to warn other vehicles to keep out
of the way.
After the engine five tenders follow,
one after another. One carries the nose,
another a water tank. Then come three
more all filled with firemen.
In the last century Russia has lost
property to the amount of $15,000,000,000
by fire. The loss averages $130,000,000 a
year. -*"'•'-/-
everything of value. The police make no
attempt to establish fire lines, so the mob
hampers the firemen rather than helps
them.
But all this is nothing beside the excite
ment of the progress of the engine or en
gines—there are seventy-four pieces of
ODO FIRE METHODS OF ST PETERSBURG
wooed and won the heart of Princess May.
The Princess went on a visit for "a few
weeks to his sister, the Duchess of Fife,
who lived at Sheen House, near the park
gates. Every day his Royal Highness
could be seen strolling down Sheen lane,
fading to White Lodge, and it was in the
gardens round that mansion that he put
the all-important question. ..-."• "'
In describing how the Marquis of
Lome proposed to Princess Louise, one
cannot do better than quote the record
niade of the event by Queen Victoria in
her "Leaves From the Journal of Life in
the Highlands." The late Queen wrote:
"This w-as ati eventful day. Our dear
Louise became engaged to Lord Lome.
The event took place during a walk from
the Glassalt Shiel to Loch Dhu. We got
home by 7. Louise, who returned some
time after, told me that Lome had spoken
of his devotion to her and proposed to
her, that she had accepted him, knowing
that I should approve."
It was in the same palace, i. e., Rosen
berg, the seat of the Danish royal family,
where Britain's King proposed to the
"Daughter of the Sea Kings," that the
present Czar asked Princess Alix
of Hesse in 1S94 to be . his wife.
He had made up his mind long
before that if he married it would be
to whom he pleased rather than one cora
n:onded to him by his counselors for state
reasons. His choice fell upon Princess
Alix, and a party was arranged at.Rosen
berg to allow Nicholas to meet this royal
lady. Accounts differ regarding the actual
spot where the proposal took place. Some
say the Czar proposed during an evening
party; others that he did so in the gar
dens round the palace while out for a
walk with the Princess. The latter ac
count, however, is generally regarded as
correct. •:.'••:
The Way Royal Suitors
Popped the Question
JX /?? ANY people are possessed of the
// y(\ idea that, as royal marriages
ii Ii\ \ have generally to be arranged as
affairs of state_ the prospective
bridegroom has no occasion to woo his
bride as the average man would do. This,
however, is a totally erroneous idea, as
kSJ be found on reading the following
authentic accounts of how and where
seme royalties proposed to those who ul
timately became their wives:
It was at Rosenberg, the palace of the
Dcnish royal family, that King Edward
VJI proposed to and was accepted by Eng-
Ia2;os gracious Queen. His Majesty — then,
of course. Prince of Wales— first saw his
irfe in the cathedral of a Continental
town, and was so impressed with her
beauty that he determined to secure an
introduction on learning who the Princess
vas. The result of that introduction was
that a short time afterward the Prince
wtnt over to Denmark and made a formal
claim for the hand of the Princess.
A charming story is that told regarding
the manner In which the late Emperor
Frederick of Germany, then Crown
Prince, proposed to the Princess royal
(the late Empress Frederick). The two
became separated from the rest of a
rojal party, who were taking a walk over
a Scotch moor in the vicinity of Balmoral.
Suddenly the Crown Prince discovered a
bit of white heather, and picking it up
pave it to the young girl beside him— for
the Princess was barely 18 years of age
at the time. She knew, however, the
meaning of the simple gift, and whispered
••Yes" loud enough for her companion to
hear. During the remainder of their lives
Iialmoral always had great attractions
for the Emperor and Empress.
White Lodge. Richmond Park, was the
place where the present Prince of Wales
WHEN a fire occurs in St. Peters
burg the nearest citizen doesn't
step to a red box and ring in an
alarm for "The engines by elec
tricity. They haven't advanced so far
yet. The Russian system of spreading
news of a lire is the most primitive in
Europe.
They don't send out any fire alarm at
all in St. Petersburg: until the lire has
blazed out fierce and strong. In fact, the
tire department doesn't know it. One
fireman comprises in himself the St. Pe
tersburg alarm system.
At all times a lireman is on duty in the
tower of the city hall. He watches the
city and when the tire burns up he no
tices it, or is expected to do so.
If Jt is In the daytime he runs up a
number of black balls on the outside of
the tower. If it is in the night he uses
red lanterns' instead of the balls.- The
number of the balls or lanterns indicates
the district in which is the fire.
On seeing the signal the firemen turn
out.
Naturally, this method is not productive
of great epeed in reaching the fire. From
twenty minutes to half an hour is good
time, unless the iire occurs quite near an
engine company's quarters.
The result is that the citizens of SL Pe
tersburg try to do most of the fire extin
guishing themselves and as there is no
order and no discipline the wildest confu
sion usually prevails. At every hint of a
Vre. no matter how slight, the neighbors
begin at once to strip their homes of
READY FOR MORE FUN WITH THE PUZZLES.
PUZZLE
PICTURES
CAN
YOU
SOLVE
THEM?
'GOOD MORNING, UNCLE WILLIAM." WHERE IS HE?
FIND THE CADDY.
"I EEA5 A DOG BARKING." FIED HIM.
"I AM LOOKING FOB JtY DOG. 7 ' FIND HIM.\ Another thing bothers you to death at
first— that is. what on earth, to do with
her when the dance is over. It would be
so much easier to let go when the musle
stops,' and cut and run. But this is for
bidden. You must look out that she gets
to a seat and is deposited comfortably.
And If she Is hot, you must fan her. This
appears to you to ba all tommyrot, but it
has to be done. -: You are horribly clumsy
Now she Is fl«*iTnr out that an goes
smoothly when aha depends upon you
to do tho thinking for her. All she has
to do is to follow your lead easily.
Meanwhile she has been learning things.
She has. been ioam<ri g that «he must
leave the* matter of "guiding: entirely up
to you. At > first she wanted to attend
to It herself, and she found that too many
cooks spoil the broth, There were colli
sions. - .. ¦ . vi.
In time It will all com* easy. Too wax
be able to dodge the other navigating
couples on the floor as readily as you do
the frightened old lady who sees your
roller . coaster coming. You will cease to
Jerk your poor partner out of their way,
and will guide her Into a safe path so
easily that It seems to her the guiding
does Itself. . ...
15
pedigree, and must be a good individual
'and a successful winner. The last named
qualification is the chief factor, since it ia
reputation that the buyer ia after in
most cases. A non-winner seldom brings
much unless .he 13 an exceptionally
successful producer, which amounts to.
the same thing.
about it. You blow a gale one minute
that distracts her hair, and *.he next min
ute you are wafting the breezes out into
space, missing her altogether. You won
der why to goodness she can't fan her-
Between the • dances you and the girls
, of -dapper, black'' suits and -plnfc t white and
blue ruffles.'-; \It? ls !a " horrible thing '•' to
know « 7 that .'you (must yturnVafter^ a . while;
You S can' t ¦ keep -on 'going - in one. direction
; forever.' And 1 after you have I turned,, a
stlir'more' dreadful rduty^'faces^ ybul"'" ':":'
v ; You must reverse." .
". This' has ; been' carefully drilled into you
by ttie dancing teacher. He. made all you
boys take /hold! of "hands and practice It
In " a .row/. It was easy then. But : now
that you have. jtb steer a girl as well as
yourself ! " : ~ ;''¦?"•"'."'"
; Heaven ' help you.
ways do take' more kindly to those foolish
things. /
It is a dreadful thing at first to have to
lead her out upon the floor. It Is so con
fcundedly slippery. You havAto look out
not only for your own bones, but for hers.
This is one of the points that is of a lot
of importance, too.
You are learning for the first time that
a girl is a creature to be protected. Her
welfare is In your hands. She is not to
be teased or Quarreled with or sneered at.
She is to be taken care of. Her slippers
have glassy soles as well as yours and.
she must not be allowed to fall upon the
floor. It might hurt her or at any rate
muss her beautiful dress. You mustn't
make fun of her because she Is afraid
of slipping. It wouldn't be gentlemanly.
The navigation is a hard enough mat
ter until practice makes perfect. If you>
could get in and skate it would be easy
and a whole lot of fun-' But that won't
do. You must walk in a dignified and
graceful manner to the place where the
circling waltzers are, and then, after tak
ing the correct position, her hand in yours,
your arm lightly placed about her plump
little waist, you must launch yourself.
Heaven help you now. You can steer
a roller coaster all right. You know
enough about that. .. You can start it
down a San Francisco hill, get under full
headway, and still manage to dodge every
man, woman, child, wagon , and automo
bile. You cah steer straight at the, feet
of a frightened \ old j lady, . then curve
gracefully away from' her , Just *as <!she
screams. But such finesse: looks absurdly
Impossible to you : as you launch yourself
upon that floor crowded with Its -whirl
SOME big prices lately paid for dogs
hav» again raised ths quaation as j
to the highest figures ever realized
In tha various breeds. This refers
to bona-flde prices and not to the fables
often circulated for th* amazement of tha
'snorant.
Last week 11000 In cash was offered
and refused at the Illinois field trials
for the pointer king, Cyrano. A few
weeks before Charles Tway, the ownsr of
the young setter,"' Count Oakley, refused
$350 for that fine Bon of Oakley Hill. John
Consldine of Washington State, the well
knewn sporting man, gave Dr. Yancey of
SedaTIa $700 for the setter Doc Hick. A
few years ago the setter Howdy Rod sold
for $2500. About twenty years ago Pierre
Lorillard Jr. gave $1500 for Dashing
Monarch and $1000 for Salvalette, the dam
of Paul Gladstone.
More dogs bring high prices now than
ten-or fifteen years ago, but the highest
marks of the older period have not been
duplicated lately. Probably the largest
actual price ever paid for any dog in
this country . was the $4000 which W.
C. Reick of the New Yorlr Herald gave
for Sir Bedevere, the St. Bernard. That
transaction was often Stated at $6000 and
$7000, but the real cash amount was
$4000. Pierpont Mc/gan . has paid some
good sum for crliles, but noooay cmxx^I
himself, his keunel manager and the ven
dors know just what money changed
hands. It Is doubtful, however, whether
he ever gave much over $1000 for any
specimen. The California greyhound. For
Freedom, probably could have been sold
for 54000 or $5000, but he never changed
hands after coming to this country. In
England he was not greatly distinguished
and cost only a moderate sum when Im
ported.
To bring a high price nowadays a dog
must usually have an ultra fashionable
PRINCELY PRICES FOR
MODERN DOGS.
It seems to you, being a boy, that the
girl always knows Just what to do and .s
entirely at ease when you are struggling
sc miserably with the forms and usages
of the nollte world. But as a matter of
fact she has her troubles, too. She has
to be taught to slip her hand gracefully
through your erm. It Is no* easy for her
to do this at first. The dancing teacher
has to give her all sorts of private tips
on the matter. She ha* a tendency to
clutch your sleeve at first, as If it were
gcir.g to *et away. She Is told that her
hand must Ho perfectly at rest, that you
are not going to break away and run.
She learns all this a good deal quicker
than you learn your lesson, for "girls al-
But in time, after long practice, the
arm comes to be the most docile thing im
aginable. It bends easily and gracefully
and lets that funny little thing which has
the audacity to call itself a hand, rest
comfortably and l'ghtly upon Its black
Eleeve. i •"•¦; '
It takes much patient drilling to put tho
average small boy's arm through the
course of sprouts which will teach it to
offer itself to a little girl. Arms are the
t-aiffeEt things at firsts They try to be
graceful, but they simply can't. They are.
if anything, worse than legs. They crook
cut in the most ungainly fashion like the
join{ed arm of a gas fixture. When a girl
slips her funny little hand into them yiey
don't know what on earth to do with it,
and they generally squeeze it tight, as if
they expected to lose It, or perhaps they
held it out at long range as if it was. a
thing that you mustn't touch.
First of all the boys must -learn what a
partner means. She Is an honor, a privi
lege. She is to bo treated as such/When
you ask her to dance with you. you must
Efve her to understand that it Is a tre
rr tndous favor that you ask and that you
realize the fact. If she accepts you must
let her see that you are pleased and that
ycTi intend to make the dance as pleasant
as pcs-sible for her.
when the youngsters are in their Satur
oay best than it would be if they had on
checked ginghams ard percale shirt
vaistE. The psychological value of
clothes- is too deep for you and me. but
just the same we both know that good
clothes make good children. So when
the little folks are dressed up, as they
always are for the dancing class, they
are well started along the right road.
At any rate, whether ballroom graces
b<- natural or not. they are all the more
charming for being cultivated. So our
Saturday afternoon dancing classes are
full to overflowing, and the airs and
graces of some of the belles of five might
give pointers to many a damsel of four
times as? many years. And the boys, too
—they forget, as soon as they find them
selves in their dancing pumps, shiny and
tlippery and smart — they forget that girls
v.-<re ever made to be teased, to have
their braids pulled, to be frightened with
rubber spiders. The pumps lend a new
dignity. The small boy of America turns
chivalrous on the spot. He has left his
toy spider -behind in his other coat pocket
end he doesn't even miss it. These Satur
day afternoon little girls are so different
from the ones that he goes to school
with on week days. They don't have
braids to pull on Saturday. The braids are
all let out loose, in little flutes and
Tvrinkles. The flutes and wrinkles are tied
with tremendous silken bows. The little
girls' clothes stand out, fluffy and volum
inous on Saturday afternoon and the lit
tle girls have a reverential way of treat
ing their clothes, a way which says as
plainly as words, "We don't stand for
sny mussing." There is something so
very different about them— they do not
seem to be the same old schoolmates at
all— that the small boy in the shiny
pumps approaches with something like
timidity and asks humbly for the honor
of a dance.
And the dances! They are the very
same that the big sisters know and con
sider quite good enough for their twenty
yea r-old dignity.
But the actual dancing is not half as
important, so all the parents agree, as
are the manners of the ballroom. So
my young lady and my young gentleman
sre being put through their paces so that
th«=re sha! 1 be no mistakes when the time
of real, grown-up society arrives.
It is far easier to teach these things
THE smart set of ten years from
now is already in training. Bellas
and gallants of the next' decade are
to-day learning the wiles and gal
lantries that will keep Cupid's
archery in practice ten or fifteen years
hence. The ball room of the future is be
ing prepared now, for the youngsters are
hard at it, learning its etiquette. They
take to it like ducks to water, by the
way. Perhaps there is not so much in the
training, after all.
Poses Arranged by Prof. Hinman.
:THE :^StJNX>AT' GAtli.-
toe are gtrma physical training exercises
to develop grace. Bome of these look
very ridiculous In the beginning, but they
are helping you all th* time to be more
graceful, more at peace with your arms
'and legs. In a row of boys you are taught
how to bend the knees, to bend the feet,
to make the whole body supple. The lit
tle girls 'are put In a row and given bend-
Ing exercises all for the same purpose.
Some day yon will all realize how much
this has to do with your ease of manner,
your stylish carriage, your self-poise.
Little, fancy dances are taught, all for
the, development of grace. More than
this, they are performed In solo, and that
helps the performers to bear public gaze
easily.
There Is not a dance of to-day's ball
room which Is too difficult to be given to
the little folks, with their quick Imita
tion. The Saturday afternoon classes
show waltzes, all kinds or waltzes, two
steps, minuets, square dances.
They look such Impossibilities to you
when you begin. You can't realize what
a few weeks will accomplish. You won't
believe to-day that a little while will find
you a polished gallant, fit for any ball
room.
Your time la coming.
THE NEW MISSION OF THE
DANCING SCHOOLTHE SUNDAY CALL.
16The San Francisco Call.
Iliilll
SAN FRANCISCQ, SUNDAY, JUNE l; 1902— FORTY /PAGES.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME XCII--KO. 1.
EDWARD VII MEETS
WITH TWO REBUFFS
Call Correspondents Visit
and Describe Scene of
Lj&sioi&finri
Wave From Great "BIow
pipe" Levels All Remain
ing Structures.
MONT PELEE'S SECOND DEADLY BLAST
COMPLETES AWFUL RUIN AT ST. PIERRE
; Volcano -"* ¦ devastated
: the- northern half op st.
i k vincent : island, causing 1600
j DEATHS/ '•¦:•/•¦ v
V-*rTTAT>AT r A,7ATRA, Hex.,
f^ May 31.— The Colima
] 'volcano; is greatly In
" \ creasing in its eruptions, and
serious consequences aro
feared owing to the volcano's
threatening aspect. Work on
the extension of the Mexican
Central Railroad between
' Guadalajara and TTfl'nzflTi'tTTfh
has been temporarily suspend
ed, it being advisable to take
no chances during the present
threatening attitude of the
volcano. Since •. the recent
earthquake disturbances- at
. . Chilpancingo . and Guerrero
the volume of lava from the
crater has increased consider
ably, and loud subterranean
. noises similar to overhead
thunder have been heard,
while at night the lava as
sumes strange conditions, so
that the inhabitants of Colima
are greatly alarmed. All the
peasants and sheepmen who
reside at the base of the
; mountain ., have long since
abandoned their homes and
fled to the town of Co
lima. The terror if the in
v habitants of the city grow3
each day, and unless the
threatening aspect of the
volcano abates there is liable
to be a wholesale exodus of
the inhabitants. Sheepmen re
port that poisonous gases.
'from the craters have killed
their sheep. So far as <San
be learned no human beings
.have been lost, but the situa
tion at this writing grows
* steadily more serious.
PEOPLE FLEE
FROM FURY OF
MONT COLIMA
Continued on Page Eighteen.
LEAD, N. D., May, 31.— A" small tornado
struck this city at 1 o'clock this after-;
noon; dembllshlng about twenty^ buildings
and injuring three persons, none of wUom;
however, are fatally hurt
Struck 'by a Tornado.
recover them, although the Martiniquiana
will allow the most of the victims to re
pose peacefully where they He. The place
will be abandoned as &. townsite. but it
will forever remain one of the wonders ot
the world. No less than Pompeii and, like
Plans Sanitarium for Consumptives.
DENVER. May 21.— Lawrence .C.
Phipps, the millionaire steel manufac
turer, left to-night Icr Pittsburg. Before
going he announced that he had pur
chased 1C0 acres of land near Mont Clair.
a suburb of Denver, on which he proposes
to establish a sanitarium for consump
tives on the Truo<-au cottage system. It
will be established in memory of his
mother and called the Agnes Phipps
Memorial Hospital. He paid $50,000 for
the land and will spend a much larger
amount in improvements..
530 fishermen are reported drowned, and
in cne place 1CS houses were destroyed.
Gale Rages Along the North Coast
cf Japan and Destroys Many
Homes.
TOKIO, May SI.— A severe gale raging
along the north coast of Japan has brought
disaster to shipping and property. Over
TWO HUNDRED FISHERMEN
PERISH IN GREAT STORH
natives Under French Command Suc
ceed in Killing Seventy-One
of the Enemy.
ALGIERS, May 21. — A small detachment
cf Arabs, commanded by a French lieu
tenant, while returning to AIn Salah, an
oasis. In the Sahara, after punishing a
raMing band of Tuarcgs, was attacked by
2m Tuarcgs in the neighborhood of Dei
less. The Tauregs were routed and left
seventy-one dead on the field. The French
force had three men killed and ten
wounded.
ESTACHMENT OF ARABS
BOUTS A RAIDING FORCE
The' storyof the recovery of United
States Consul Prentiss' body is a thrilling
one. The commanding officer^ of the
United States 'and British cruisers had
teen directed "to recover ; the "bodies' ;/"of
their 'respective Consuls, and for this
purpose the* Indefatigable had ¦ steamed
from : Fort de France on the morning. of
May .19,. accompanied . by the ¦ Potomac.'
which 'carried two coffins and a detail
from the' Cincinnati. . The party, consist
ed of seven men from the Ciriclnnati,. the
hospital steward .frorii the Potomac and
three natives,: these latter being equipped
with the; soldering! tools/ .The party was
RECOVER PRENTISS' BODY.
Penetrating farther into the^jieart \ of
the city there were everywhere* evidences
of the terrific execution wrought by the
second great volcanic burst of .three days
kef ore." Pieces of heavy machinery used
in 'the sugar mills and rum distilleries,
which had withstood the- fire of May 8,
had withered Into shapeless masses of
molten metal under Pelee's second on
slaught. Here again was seen , the apt
ress of Professor Jagger's simille. Per
haps one-half of. the houses, the ruins 'of
which at least had been' standing after
the first eruption, were now razed to the
ground. The Cathedral de Moullace was
a more complete - wreck than before, one
of the great towers having succumbed
completely under the. power of Pelee's
great "blowpipe." Toward the north the
portion of the city closet to the volcano
¦is' now completely buried. Several ' acres
in the section • nearest that known as the
new - town, in which one week -ago the
tcps of the ruins were visible, have now
vanished completely beneath the smooth
expanse of gray volcanic dust. Gazing
upon this transformation, one could not
escape: the surmise that with a few more
such eruptions St. Pierre will be burled
in ' dust and ashes . almost as . deep -is
.Pompeii and Herculaneum we're buried
under' lava. '¦ -\
"WORK OF THE BLOWPIPE.
lower stones of the flight, while the bent '
knees upon the step above . suggested all
too plainly how death had found this
pious devotee.
To further this project he went to
Irvlngton yesterday afternoon. He waited
until evening and then went to Lind
nurst. When 1 a servant came to the door
of Miss Gould's home the man asked v to
see Miss Gould. The servant asked' the
man to wait and then telephoned for the
night watchman. When the watchman
came the man was persuaded to leave the
place. Then he returned to Irvinjrton,
and standing in the main street shouted to
pas»<TS-by that he was Miss Gould's hus
band, and he had come from Kansas to
see her. Bi£>re Judge Taylor the man
said he was James II. Anderson of Kan
sas. He was taken to White Plains to be
examined as to his sanity.
rested in Irvlngton last night. \ He was
well dressed and appeared to be about 55
years old. In his pockets were found
seven letters addressed to persons In Kan
sas and Indian Territory, written in the
Manhattan Hotel, New York. He has
been annoying Miss Gould for several
months, and she has received many let
ters from him. He insists he is her hus
band and that he has a scheme to develop
property in Westchester County, and in
the village of Irvlngton.
TARRYTOWN. N. Y., May 31.— A man
coming from Kansas who declared he was
the husband of Miss Helen Gould was ar-
is said to have arisen on. ac
count of. the King's demand that the
Premier recommend Sir Ernest Cassell for
a peerage. Last year the same request
\met with a refusal. This year it was
again urged by the King on the ground
of Sir Ernest's munificent gift- to the cure
of consumption. Lord Salisbury refused^
.to adhere, and on the day the. state din
ner was held at Buckingham palace Lord
Salisbury remarked: "Well, sir,* I sup
pose I had better leave my place at to
day's banquet vacant," to which King
Edward Is said to have replied: \'Yes, I
SAYS HE IS HUSBAND
OF MISS HELEN GOULD
•jgr ONDON, May 31.— Those • In
tis touch with royal circles are
K busy gossiping about- the, re-
B > ported tiff between Lord Salis
¦i bury and King Edward, which
However, peace ' is • undoubtedly the
¦question of the hour, and Lord Kitchener
is once more the man of the moment.
Lord Milner may or may not have played
en important part in the peace negotia
tions, but popular and political opinions
assign to the ex-Sirdar of the Egyptian
forces the bringing about of the present
negotiations.
This feeling is by no means confined to
outsiders. Great financial magnates,
whose informatiori regarding the condi
tions in South Africa has often been bet
ter than the' Government's and whose in
terests there are almost as great as the
empire's, declare that Lord Kitchener is
the savior of the country.
PRETORIA, May 2L— Acting President
Stern of the Orange Free State is suffer
ing from paralysis and will not partici
pate further in the peace conference at
VereenlginE. He has been given his pa
role and has gone to Krugersdorp, about
fifty miles southwest of Pretoria,
The bodies of . Mrs. Prentiss and .her
daughters are yet buried beneath, rock
arid ashes. 5 An • attempt will be made ' to
; By heroic exertion the coffin was finally
deposited on the Potomac's deck and con
veyed to Fort de ; France, where most im
pressive funeral .ceremonies were, ,ob-"
served.' , ¦ " ' •. • . ' •-
Blacker than any thunder cloud and far
more sinister, a great billow of volcanic
smoke was boiling down the mounfain
side and was then half way to the foot
hills, on whose undulations the city of
St: Pierre had stood. The three natives
instantly took to their heels, and for a
brief instant the bluejackets were on the
verge of panic. Two or three of the' sail
ors instinctively let go the casket handles
to start in flight for the boat, and a wild
scramble for safety would- have followed
had it not been for the stern command of
the young ensign, who ordered the men
back' to their places. The finely . drilled
crew Instantly obeyed, and, taking up the
casket, resumed their march to the shore.
Then, out of the dark mass behind them
came the boom of , heavy explosions and
the gleam of flame. '• That seemed too
much even for stout nerves, and 1 the men
Involuntarily quickened their pace into a
stumbling run to slow Into 'a 'steady
me rch again upon the. quietly spoken or
der: ''Ordinary* time!"*
BRAVERY OF BLUEJACKETS.
Pelee even then looked threatening . as
rt leveled rifle, clouds" of steam and smoke
bursting here and there from its scarred
und cinder laden slopes, but the men paid
little heed to the mountain and set about
Ihe work which they had in hand. A
charred body supposed to be that of the
late Mr.. Prentiss was found and. placed
in the zinc "coffin. Hardly had the three
natives sealed, the coffin and the men of
the navy picked it up for the marc// to
thfl shore before the Indefatlgable's tiren
began to shrink warning of approaching
danger. Looking • toward that 'sound the
startled bluejackets saw the cruiser
swing about and head off shore. They
saw also a white plume of steam spurt
ing from- the Potomac's- steam whistle
and knew by that their own vessel was
also sounding danger signals.
landed without difficulty at St-. Pierre,
and after leaving .one.cofiin.for the'Inde- ;
fatigable to pick up,. It proceeded with
the other to where was located the ruins
•of -the' United States Consulate.
Salisbury Refuses to
Yield to King's
Request.
Agencies will be located^at- Chicago, In-.
d'anapolis, Des Molnes, Saginaw, Kansas
City, Louisville, Nashville, Pittsburgh Al
bany and. New York. It is*" the. purpose of
the management, of these roads to de-'
vel&p and settle in Oregon,. Washington,
Southern California and the other .West
ern- points many thousands of colonists
within the next two years, a number equal
to a great army to be located in Oregon
and Washington. An ample ' amount of
money has been appropriated by, the in
terested roads to c.arry on the work.: -'¦ . ¦•¦*'.
The- traffic department announces the or
ganization of a colonization bureau head
ed by G. M. McKinney.' "' . '-¦'¦ .
be the largest colonization enterprise ever
attempted by the railroads of the West.
The management of the Harriman lines,
which consist of. the Southern Pacific.
Union Pacific, Oregon Short Line and Ore
gon Railroad and Navigation Company,
are perfecting plans for what. Is said to
CHICAGO, May 31.— The Record-Herald
to-morrow wlll'say:
RAILROADS PROPOSE
A COLONIZATION SCHEME
Many members of the nobility, especially
old county families, make no secret of
their disapproval of various events In the
King's social life. . .. :.V* ' . f vVf;v
His Majesty was furious and threatened
to cancel his promise • to dine with the
Buccleuchs, whereat 'the Duchess of Buc
cleuch retorted that she was quite willing
to send her resignation as Mistress of the
Robes to Queen Alexandra. Later in the
day the King thought better of it, in
formed the Buccleuhs that he accepted
the exclusion of his favorite and forbade
the Duchess to resign. ..." ¦ : .
EDWARD IS FURIOUS.
Another incident which is causing con
siderable'comment la royar circles is the
disagreement, between^ King Edward and
tbe Duchess; of Buccleuch, a member of
the old-styie, exclusive- aristocracy, who
has not countenancedthe' so-called "smart
set." The King was due' to dine with the
Duke^ and Duchess of. Buccleuch and In
timated his desire, that a lady of his en
tourage be invited. This Is usually tanta
mount to- a command, but the Duchess of
Buccleuch, nothing daunted, refused
pointblank. to ask the King's . friend to
make one of 'the dinner parjy.
\ think you had," and stalked out of the
; room.' ' .
-; Since then, according- to court gossip,
. King Edward and his aged Prime Minister
I have scarcely-been on speakipg- terms.
i Duchess of Buccleuch
Als& Shows Bold
: Defiance.
MI6TRESS :" : QF THE ' ROBES TO
QUEEN ALEXANDRA, WHO RE
FUSED- TO INVITE KING ED
WARD'S FRIEND.. :
As Lord Kitchener's star has ascended,
so has Lord Roberts' declined. The gen
ial optimism of the old fighter who is
now commander-in-chlef grates so bitter
ly upon a people severely overtaxed for
the war which Lord Roberts so long ago
declared finished, that the spontaneous
popularity which made him the hero of
the jubilee procession could never be re
peated at the coronation. Indeed, it Is
more likely to be transformed into a hos
tile demonstration, in which General Bul
ler's name may be greeted with cheers.
One of the most curious features of the
v.ar is the remarkable way in which Lord
Kitchener has deepened the awesome re
spect, akin to fear, with which the Erit
jsn cation regards him and his. laconic re
ports, and his utterly independent prose
cution of the campaign in South Africa
has heightened his military reputation to
such an extent that he has actually be
come a god to the average man-in-the
street. Yet he is universally admitted to
have next to nothing in common with his
countrymen or their government.
Already the wiseacres are saying that
l^ord Kitchener will be made an Earl and
receive the thanks of Parliament, accom
pajiied by a substantial grant of money.
For Monday afternoon every seat In the
J fcuse of Commons is already pre-empted.
If the statement of the Government lead
er, A. J. Balfour. comes up to expecta
tions, little will be done In the United
rlir.gdom that day except exult over the
end of the war that has tried the spirit
of the nation to its uttermost.
nouncement of peace in South Africa Is
made on Monday as expected, that night
will bid fair to rival the celebration
which occurred •when the relief of Mafek
ing was officially announced in May, 1900.
Throughout London arrangements have
already been made for numerous peufce
dinners. The aristocracy will "mafSk" on
no email scale, and doubtless the denizens
i f Whitechayel and the East End quar
ters will invade the Strand and other thor
tughfares with their wild exultation.
LONDON. May SI.— If a definite an-
Popularity of Lord
Roberts on the
Decline.
-On the stone steps leading to, the shrine,
worn . smooth aVid deep by . centuries 'of
pious pilgrimages, lay; , the half-buried
body of a human being.'; Its -posture 'was
such as to 'leave little doubt that he or
she had: been in the attitude of adoration
when the awful blast of fire swept -from
Pelee across the city arid struck down the
Nvbrshiper. It .was evident that the body
had : fallen backward from ', the ' stone steps
as th v e. head reposed-' upon " one.of Jthe
• i ' ¦ . • • ¦'•.-¦ ¦ , '.¦'¦-• .-.-•¦ ..-¦•¦ ¦ ¦ ¦
DIES AT PRAYER.
Peering through a little archway in the
shrine, and facing the wayfarer on the
roadway stood the small marble image of
the Holy Mother and child. Pelee's blast
had left of the heavy timber forming the
stemof the cross only a blackened stump.
Its top. . no trace of . which . remained, load
probably been< hurled far away into the
sea below. .'But the little shrine "stood
unscathed. The white image of the Vir
gin bore not a trace of f\re, though both
it and the -little sanctuary in which -it
stood . are . heavily coated with the \ thick
gray, dust that; paints all things here the
same somber hue.
From the side. of a .roadway a 'circling
flight of stone steps Iead3 upward on the
mountain slope to a little plateau about'
twenty feet above. There had been erect
ed one of those little shrines to the Virgin
which are -so common in countries peo
pled by the Latin^ races. The miniature
chapel was crudely built of stone and
brlck'To a height. of not more, than ten
feet above its base and directly behind it
two massive timbers, towering away
above,: had been wrought into the form
of a^crosa.'
WRECK OF A SHRINE.
No better evidence is found of the tor
nado-like force of ih^j blast than is seen
along this roadway. It is littered at every
step with remnants of the tin roofs torn
from the houses of St. Pierre, a mile or
more away, and all rent and twisted into
fantastic shapes. As the 'road is built
along the slope of the mountain and is
retained by a stone parapet there is a
sheer piecu".ous fall on Us one side while
the mountain rises abruptly above.lt on
the other. -The same blast that wrecked
the city denuded the mountain side of
.every traJce" of shrubbery, uprooted the
most magnificent- of its great tropical
trees and sent /them hurlins down the
slope. Many of the stumps and remnants
of these trees were checked in their fall
by the roadway, and in -places, mingled
as- they arc with debris blown from . the
houses, they form a serious impediment.'.
TORNADO-LIKE FORCE.
. Professor Jagger of Harvard has ¦de
scribed the Mont Pelee eruption as "being
a blast of fire driven upon and across
St. Pierre by a hurricane of wind, as
though it were a\ gigantic blowpipe, such
as chemists and lapidaries use in directing
'a powerful heat flame upon object* which
they are examining, analyzing or fusing.
.; SO forbidding was the aspect of the vol
cano' that- a score'of negro 'laborers, who
had been towed ddw'n\ frwn" 'Fort V de
France by i£ steam dredge and had Hojled
during^the' early, hours of .tlie^ jinornlhg.,at^
"the* (ask"or bui$n^it.H^
warning, from the . smok^!iIgnaJS|?hown
above '<them and [ beat'f a ; hafety ; retreat to
their boats,. had started. back to Fort de
France.- This'time a landing was effectr
'ed at the extreme northern end of the ru
ined city.' At that point a;s^one causeway
spans a 'small stream, and' supported, by
terraced masonry, runs upward along the
flank of the hill on which stands the mon
ument erected to the memory of the sail
ors who died .in f the great hurricane ¦'.. of
1892. This : oad not only s affords easy ac
cess to the the city, but at one
point i s lof ... elevation, rising as it does
to a height . of about, 200 feet above the
sea, gives an unequaled birdseye view of
the area of destruction.'
BEAT HASTY RETREAT.
; : . . -Pierre to-day*' Mont Pelee was
more violently active than on the occasion
of the vessel's previous visit' of the Sun
day before. In the. interim had occurred
the second terrific blast from the cone,
which the' scientists now here describe
as more violent than the first. That it
had not caused equal, or greater, destruc
tion, was due solely. to the fact that
nothing remained alive within the sphere
of Its-violence. • From the new crater
smoke was boiling upward to-day in
fleecy masses to a height as great as that
of the cone Itself. From six to eight other
points \ along the slope, two of them al
most at the water's edge, similar masses
of smoke and steam indicated where new
! vents or crevasses were giving outlet to
the seething subterranean mass. One of
the most menacing of these appeared to
be located directly on the site of the well
known sulphur springs of Mont Pelee,
which for. years has been one of the
sights of the place and one of the picnic
resorts of the gay residents of the city.
¦ •¦:/* "V» T - PIERRE, Martinique. May
. ft*^. 23 . vla Herald's dispatch boat
. ..-^^few • ¦ M. E. Luckenback to San
'j^- . jW- Juan,' Porto Rico, ' May 27.—
When the; M. E. Luckenback
•-¦••' ran into the roadstead of" St.
From the Special Correspondent of
The Call end the New York Herald ;
Kitchener Given the
Credit for Ending
the War.:
Ready to Celebrate
Announcement
of Peace.
BRITONS
PREPARE
TO SHOUT
Pages 17 to 28Kindergartens, orphanages and day nur
series wishing a free lunch and play
ground privileges reserved for them in
Golden Gate Park, in order. to avoid con
fuslon'of meeting other schools, are re
quested to notify Miss Alice M. Hickok,
superintendent of the children's play
ground, Golden- Gate- Park, in advance,
or call up telephono Park 73. •
Children's Park Privileges.
Donovan and . Murphy Matched.
"Mike" Donovan 6f Rochester. and Tim
Murphy, the Australian boxer, 'have been
matched to fight fifteen rounds before the
Acme Club of Oakland June ¦ 11. They
will weigh In at 132 pound*. :
2Jo Lives Lost in Hawthorne Fire
CHICAGO. May/'. 51.— Officials, of the
Hawthorne racetrack, whose grand stand
burned yesterday, said to-day that no
lives had been- lost & in the flre. The stable
boy who was reported killed, had been
found. Detectives believe the flre was the
work of incendiaries, r ' .r >• \,
INDIANAPOLIS.May 3i:— At the head
quarters of the International Typograph
ical Union enough reports have been re
ceived by individual members of the un
ion in this city to indicate that the elec
tion of James M. Lynch as' president has
been reached by, an 'overwhelming: major
ity. ;v '¦¦-, :.. ij - . .
Election cf . Lynch Assured.
. SUISUN. May St.— A petition Is being cir
culated > asking for executive clemency in be
,half of - II. Jeft Dobbins, now serving* a life
sentence In San Quentin. In a "drunken.. row
over 1 a gambling game In Vacaville on August
4, 1000. Dobbins -ehot and killed E. Boyd lull.
PHOENIX. A. T.. May 31.— For three or
four days bip fcrest fires have been raging
in the Huacliuca mountains. ... Though thirty
miles from Tombstone, the smoke above the
mountains ls plainly se«n and gives the, general
appearance of q.n active volcano.
NASSAU, New I»rovince, May !51. — The
American schooner Amelia Hearn (Capiain
Griffith, from Baltimore May 17. for Tarpun
Bay), w us wrecked on Aliaco Reef. Bahama,
and became a total loss. The crew were saved.
NIvW YORK. May 31.— Russell . Page, who
has ,been confined to h!s home for some days,
was bo much tmprciveJ to-day that he took a
drive through Central Park.
SPOKANE, May 31.— Basil Adrian, a Coeur
d'Alene Indian, was sentenced to-day to life
Imprisonment in the penitentiary for an as
sault on a youns white woman.
SAN" DIEGO. May 31. — The Lower California
Development Company has decided to sink
wells on the peninsula for the purpose of de
veloping oil.
YOKOHAMA. May 11. — A flre at Kyoto, oc
curring on May 6, destroyed ten immense Mu
ral tobacco factories. The, loss will reach 500,-
U00 yen. :
TELEGRAPH NEWS.
Fire in a Bakery.
The new Vienna b&kery. John Lan*?
dorf proprietor, at 9U>i Larkin street, wai
oamaged by flre that broke qut In the
basement at 1 o'clock thia morning. Th<»
fe e !e\ e ad 'iSMSf 1 aft " ab ° Ut »
Divers are ablo to converse under vn
?« r y >J? laclnp J thelr hornets. w n h l^
1 ?«f,M abl> ; made of c °PPer. together ani
shoutlns to one another. The th"y
say, is swiftly and distinctly conveyed
L A Jenkins. X Y
A O W;-out. Cincinnati!
C Filllez. Cincinnati
L. Jtoots. Ca! i
A Jonkins, Santa Cruz
A' Marco, wf. Holtvia
It F. Oilllland. RtTtnd
K Q T^ynch. Los Ans;
J D Lynch, Los Ans
V r, He&}\, wf. L Ans
H ('. Konner, BafccrsMd
I. McArthurc. Saoto
G A Brings, Sta Ro^a
• 5 Jt li^uller. Santa Roca
i' Baker, Chlcazo-
O S Hanson. Madison
J P Dal ley. Redding
P V Dalley. Redding
S E Price, wf. Mo
Mrs O H Tabor. Eurek
h *j? lva ff er . Eureka
H B Walls. Savannah
IT J? Tantan. Lo s An*
T >. Stanton. Sonora
R K r.iltihan.T, RtvMJ*
J «-' Smith. St Louts
r. Jllnet. .Reno
T Uttlefleld, Sacto
W Mitchell, ?f Orl-ana
W MorreJ, wf. El Faso
J F. Collins. Plxon
N* William?, Pan Jn**
f A Joney. Morthfuil
P >T Carpenter. Morthft
«» S Manra Bacto
Vellie I-evin. San I. O
W S Byers, Angel Isl
U Oertley. S5allna 3
NEW "WESTEK-V HOTEL*
HOTEL ABRIVALS.
WILLOWS. May 31.— Primaries were
held by the Republican and Democratic
parties throughout Glenn County tilts'
afternoon,' with the following results:
Democratic— Sheriff. J. A. Bailey; Clerk,
W, H. gale; Auditor ami Recorder. A. V,'.
Sehorn; Assessor. J. W. Albery; Plstrlct Attor
ney. R. A. l.ang: C'oronpr and Public Adtnln^
!*trator. I«. R. Stewart; Superintendent of
Schools'. Y. S. Reager: Treasurer, L. j. Klcm
mer: Supervisor. A. T. St. Louis.
Republican— Sheriff. F. A. Graves: Auditor
and Recorder, John Graves; Assessor. VV. H.
Markham; District Attorney, conceded to R.
Li. Clltton; Coroner. William JohnKon: Treas
urer, II. S5. Glbbs; Supervisor. Joseph Troxel;
T. T. Dennett was nominated for Su
perior Judge of this county, Charles D.
Swan 'for .Sheriff, George T. MeCabe for
County Clerk, J. M. Walthall for District
Attorney, J. F. Campbell for Assessor,
H. C. Kceley for Recorder and Auditor.
George W. Nelson for Treasurer and Tax
Collector, J. A. Wagener for Superintend
ent of Schools. II. S. Crowe for Surveyor,
W. K. McMullln for Coroner and Admin-,
istrator and T. H. Kewin and W. 11. Ar
nold tor Supervisors.
MODESTO. May SI.— The Stanislaus
County Republican Convention was held
in this city to-day, with 155 delegates pres
ent. Resolutions indorsing Thomas Flint
Jr. of San Benlto County for Governor,
and als<o indorsing the renomination of J.
C Necdham fcr Congressman from the
Sixth District, were unanimously adopted.
C. T. Elliott, E. S. Wagenhe4m. R. K.
Vv'hltmore, A. S. Emery and T. C. How
king were elected delegates to the State
convention and were instructed to vote
for Flint. Five delegates to the Con
gressional convention were chosen and in
structed to support Needham.
Social Dispatch to The Call.
To-morrow there will be on sale 1000
pairs of ladles' $4 shoes: also 1000 pairs oe
men s $4 shoos.. They will be sold for just
* V. a p . al £ These are Keiths Goodyear
In vw n iM he hand-turned ¦hoc"
in "ilci kid and all other kinds of leather
?S2SS5 ltn , d u r t t dale ' at tne mama:
near Thirl!! Sh ° CS> U1 3Iarkct stre L l -
The Bee Hive Shoe Sale.
Wilhelmina Takes an Outing.
THE HAGUE, May SI.— Queen Wilhcl
mina took her first outing to-day since
her recent serious illness, and upeiit s»me
time in the Castle Loo park. ¦¦-''¦> •
United States Consul Aymo took break
fast this morning with Special, Delegate,
Block, who Is desirous that the people of
the United States should believe that th<*
authorities are acting effectively and
without loss of time, lie deprecates the
criticism of the course. of the authorities
by : correspondents alleged to. be unin
formed. »
The re-esrabliphment of business in Fort
de France is restoring confidence and the
work of relieving the distress in distant
districts is being effectively carried out
by a perfected organization/
FORT DE FRANCE. Martinique, May
21, 7 p. m.— The United States steamer
Dixie arrived -here from St. Vincent last
night and left early this morning for New
York. Professor Robert T. Hill, United
States Government geologist, is among
the papsengers on the Dixie. George Ken
nan ai\d his party arc still up the country.
At 1:30 o'clock yesterday afternoon the
submarine cable broke again, and at 2
o'clock Mont Pelee was in violent eruption.
Reports received here say the north cra
terH are pouring great torrents of mud
in the direction of Vive. Yesterday after
noon there was an enormous eruption of
steam and ashes. This morning, a "cor
respondent of a New York newspaper
went to St. Pierre with the Government
party engaged In Miming the bodies of
the victims of the first eruption, but the
party was forced to leave, the volcano
throwing out volumes of black smoke and
loud detonations being heard.
The Rievere Blanche, is again the course
of a torrent of intensely hot mud, giving
off steam and falling into the sea. A por
tion of the party which went to St. Pierre
this morning was in much danger, and
the captain of- the boat which took the
newspaper correspondent and his com
panions to the ruined town says he will
not return there again.
CRATERS ARE STILL ACTIVE.
Decoration for a Consul
PEKING. May 31.— The Government pro
sofes to bestow a decoration on John
the I'nited States Consul Gen
ual at Shanghai, in recognition of his
icrylces In mainuiinins peace in the cen
*rai nrovinces of China in l&Oo.
Stanislau3 Republicans
Instruct for the San
Juan Man.
FLINT CAPTURES
THE DELEGATION
WASHINGTON. May 31.-Advocates o?
the bill recently . passed by the Senate
creating a Department of Commerce hope
to secure a day next week for its consid
eration by the House. Should the bill
become a law it is understood that Uw
new cabinet officer will be George Bruc-o
President 1 . NCW Y ° rk> sccrttar y to ««>
ment of Commerce.
as Head of Proposed Depart-
President's Secretary Is Mentioned
CORTELYOU MAY HAVE
A CABINET POSITION"
PHILADELPHIA, May 31.— A special
train bound for San Francisco carrying
more than 300 members of the Ancient
Arabic Order cf the Nobles of the Mystic
Shrine and 100 members of Lu Lu Temple
af this city left to-day. At Washington
the Baltimore and Washington delega
tions will join the party. They will ut
tend the convention of Mystic Shriner3
llso. . . . . .
Many Shriners Coming.
Jacobs is said to have gone to the house
of Hattle iriiow and smashed in the doors
and wiiulows because an Indian girl with
whom he v/aa in love, had taken refuge
there. He was jealous of Charles Snow,
son of Hattse Snow. It is said that Ja
cobs savagely attacked Snow, and thut
the latter acted in self-defense. Others
came to Snow's aid.
BUFFALO, May 31.— Adam Jacobs, a.
full-blood Cattaraugus Indian.was slashed
to death with knives in a fight that oc
curred yeslerday on the reservation near
Lawtons station. Several Indians partici
pated in the murder. No arrests have
been made.
Indian Is Slashed to Death During
a Fight on a Reser
vation.
JEALOUSY OF A LOVER
THE CAUSE OF TRAGEDY
Moore again saw he was losing distance
and would be run down, so he set the
brakes of f his machine and made a mad
plunge for his life. Fortunately he did
not strik* the- sharp rocks In the creek,
but his injuries are. nevertheless, very
serious. He was brought to Willows and
Is row under the care of Railroad Sur
geon Tooley, who says he will recover. .
WILLOWS,.: May 31.— Henry Moore,
track inspector "of the "Southern Paclttc
Company, had a sensational escape from
death this morning while crossing the
trestle over Stoney Creek, near Orland.
Moore runs over this division every day
on a gasoline velocipede. As he was
cicssing the bridge, which is twenty-five
feet from the bed of the creek, he saw
an engine approaching at high speed from
the opposite direction. Realizing that he
could not reach the end of the trestle be
fore the engine was upon it, he stopped,
turned his machine and tried to beat the
locomotive in its own direction.
Life, but Receives Serious
¦ . Injuries.
Railroad Track Inspector Saves His
LEAPS FROM A "BRIDGE
TO ESCAPE , THE ENGINE
Two tennis tournaments will be .com
pleted «£o-day on the local courts. -, One
is the scratch singles for the champion
snip of the city, commenced on the Cali
fornia Club courts on Friday. The other
is the class singles begun. "on -the park
courts last Sunday. .
Tennis Tournaments To-Dayi
BALTIMORE. Md.. May 3L— The June
ordinations at the cathedral, which will
tcke place June 21, will have added inter
est f/pm the fact that the second colored
man*ver ordained to the Catholic priest
hntd^ihihlg- country .will receive orders
«3tti4;hat'day.at the hands of Cardinal Gib
bons... The. candidate is the Rev. J. .Harry
Dorsey,' a student at St: Joseph's Sem
inary,' who was raised to the diaconate
lest fall. He was born in this city twen
ty-eight, years ago and was educated at
St. Paul. Minn., under Archbishop Ire
land. Father Dorsey will labor among
his own people. - -. •¦.::. •• •:¦•¦.¦
Negro Will Be Made a Priest.
The men robbed him of $4 and then
backed him against a tree. Tho loo 'e
folds of flesh on each side of his body
were pulled out and nailed to the tree
and his hands were stretched above his
bead and treated likewise. In this condi
tion the man remained until dark, when
he- was rescued by a farmhand.
HUNTSVILLE, Ala., May SJ.-Tom
Harless, a farmer who lives near Berke
ley. Ala., and who had been plowing on
the Ksslinger place, was eating dinner at
a spring when he was confronted by two
men: with pistols. ¦
Alabama Criminals Adopt Cruel
Methods to Prevent Escape
of a Farmer.
JOBBERS DRIVE NAILS .
INTO VICTIM'S FLESH
The accident caused some confusion and
bi ought' the visit to the navy yard to an
abrupt end. Admiral Fournier and stair
had previously been received with full
at nors by Admiral Johnson.
The accident happened at the navy yard
at Charlestown. where Major Berthelot,
with Vice Admiral I Fournier and staff,
went to inspect the buildings, equipment
and ships. While passing from the hall
of the commandant's house into the re
ception-room Major Berthelot tripped
over a rug on the poiished hardwood
Boor and fell. He. was unable to riseiand
nad to be assisted to a couch. Doctors
nastily summoned found that one ofHhe
nones of the left leg had been fractured.
As soon a« possible the injured officer was
taken to the French ba'^leship Gaulois,
tvhere the ship's surgeon ttended him.
BOSTON, May 31.— A miEhap befell a
cumber of the Rochambeau mission here
to-day, when Major Berthelot, the aid-de
:-amp to General Brugerc, sustained "a
fracture cf the left leg.
on a Rug and Fractures
a Leg.
Member of Rochaxnbeau Party Slips
FXENCH COMMISSIONER.
: '.'[. SUFFERS SEVERE INJURY
The killed- and. injured are: -Andrew
Featherston, skull fractured and internal
injuries; died. instantly.'. Captain Thomas
Taylor of the quarantine steamer Gover
nor Flower, right thigh fractured and left
leg broken; Mrs.' LouteeJ, Johnson. ' leg
fractured; John F. Brick, scalp, .wound;
Mrs. Ellen Hay. cut about-face and head;
Patrick Kenney, .tMgh...frjiQtured; " John
Bogart. leg fractured. ¦¦—¦¦--¦
The speed trials wera, under the auspices
pf-the Automobile- CI.ub, of, America, over
a ' mile course. Baker's big. ogg-shaped
car of seven horsepower was the only en
try of its class. iAVhsii nearing the finish
it swerved to the left -and dashed toward
the line of spectators. Baker, and his as
sistant shouted a .warning* to the people,
and then jumped. Those who stood in the
line had no chance to get away. . There
were screams and a wild rush, in which
men. and women were knocked down an-1
trampled upon, but before they had taken
five steps the machine Struck them.' Mr.
Featherston was directly in front of the
path of the automobile. ' It struck • him
with terrific force and he was thrown
twenty feet in the air. Brick and Bogart
were also struck by the machine. The
others, were injured by being trampled
upon. - ; . • '••" '¦¦ ¦ ¦•"••¦ ¦ ¦
The fares, up to the time of the accident
were very successful. Two records were
broken-. C. H. Me.tss making a mile in Ills
motor bicycle in 1:10 2-5. against 1:12, the
former, record. - S. T. Travis Jr. lowered
I he-. -world's mile record for steam-auto
mobiles from 1!15 to. 1:12. < . •„-• .:'¦ <. :¦
NEW YORK, May 31.— An automobile
going at high speed became unmanage
able during a. ppeed trial on Staten island
to-day and plunged through a crowd of
spectators. One man was killed, and four
men and two women were seriously In
jured. The occupants of .th* vehicle
Jumped :and escaped with a few slight
bruises. W« C. Kakcr, president of the
Baker Motor and Vehicle Company of
Cleveland, and his assistant, .Edward Dvl
zer, who were driving tho machine.- were
placed under arrest and held In JoOOO bdli,
each charged with . homicide. .. •
Hurt by Disaster at Speed
Tests. £
Cne Man Killed and Others Severely-
RUNAWAY AUTOMOBILE
CAUSES DEATH AND INJURY
Leaving the mule that had carried him
the professor proceeded on foot to the site
of Lako Palmlste. He found the lake
completely dried up, and crosesd.the bed,
papsing. up a slopo to the crater's edge.
This, which had formerly been -'a'- -high
bluff. Professor Heilprin found had falle'n
into the crater. This is the first Important
verified topograhpic alteration noted. Pro
fessor Heilprin remained at "the summit
crater over two hours.
Both craters showed a new phenomenon
djiytng' the professor's visit.'-- -wheixJ* mud
was thrown up in . high columns, while
heretofore the mud has bubbled, or. '.boiled
put and flowed downward. There. is reason
to believe that great damage may result
from the outbursts of this mud' to the rich
plantations still uninjured. The ascent
was made on mules to an altitude of "700
meters, the line of anoient vegetation.
While engaged in this task the lives of
the members of the expedition were con
tinually in danger, and one particularly
violent explosion covered Professor "Heii
jirin from head to foot' with viscid matter.
Ho perpiated, however; and found, as'- -had
been suspected, that there were •; threo
separate vents for the volcanic matter.
Meanwhile Mont Pelee/ seeming to resent
the intrusion of maa into, her awful; ter-'
rltory, belched out -huge volumes of
steam, ashea and boiling :hot mud. . Pro
feesor Heilprun made the important dis
covery that the crater of fallafse has an_
eruption at the same time as the'eummit
crater and ejects precisely the 'same.; mat
ter. .-.;•'. >, ¦ <
FORT DE FRANCE, May 31— The Na
tional Geographical Society has scored a
great triumph. Professor Angelo lTeHpiin
ascended to the top of the crater of Mont
Pelee this morning, in company with two
guides and Mr. Leadbetter. While on the
summit several violent explosions oc
curred, but notwithstanding the thousand
dangers surrounding Professor Heitprin
spent a long time taking careful observa
tions. Looking down tne crater ho found
a huge cinder cone. The crater opening
is a vast crevasse, 500 feet lonjr and 150
feet wide. ¦ ' ' .,. ¦ .. . . :
HEILPItIN EXPLORES CEATER.
that city, will be abandoned' to its fate,
never again to rise, Phoenix-like, from its
ashes.' . ¦ .
Continued from Page Seventeen.
WAVE FROM GREAT BLOW-PIPE
' CHICAGO. May 31— James A. Patten,
Mayor of Evanston. and a \ prominent
Board of Trade operator, to-day brought
to "'a' successful close the corner- la May
oats which has dominated tho oats mar
ket since early last fall. The profits cred
ited to Patten on the- deal are estimated
at $1,000,000.
About the time prices in corn began to
mount, skyward last year on account of
the crop shortage it was learned that
some one was taxing in all the May oats,
offered on the Chicago market ana else
where. Prices began to advance steadily,
and arourtd 37 cents it was knqwn that
i Patten was trying: to work a corner. . .
On the big flurry on the Chicago board
last December May oats were pushed to
47% cents. Since that time reactions oc
curred, and when delivery day came this
month many speculators thought the bot
tom had fallen out of the corner. It was
said Patten had 10,000,000 to 12,000,000 bush
els of the May options. Everything that
was offered to him in deliveries he took
and in turn sold practically, all the con
tract stocks to shippers at good induce
ments. This left nothing for the shorts to
acquire with which to settle, and prices
accordingly were pushed up by Patten
personally in the pit .to-day.
May oats closed yesterday at 43Ts cents.
To-day prices were Jumped about 6 cents
and closed at 49^ cents. There was a little
flurry of excitement at the close, but the
corner did not affect the other options.
Spooner occupied nearly five hours of
to-day's .session in concluding his speech
begun Thursday. His oloquente and ear
nestness attracted the attention of all
Senators and of hundreds of occupants, of
the crowded galleries. He maintained
that the United States could not leave the
Philippines "like a coward" and abandon
people who had come under our protec
tion, thus surrendering them to tyrrany
and chaos. He. did not believe in the ad
mission of the Philippines as States, but
in the conduct of the islands nothing sa
voring of imperialism had been' suggested
except : for party purposes. " •
In the course of his speech, Spooner be
came involved in a spirited colloquy with
Hoar of Massachusetts, during which
Hoar read a statute of the State of Mas
sachusetts, which offered a reward of $100
for the scalps of male Indians over the
age of J2 years. Hoar declared that it
was a cruel and barbarous law and
Spooner himself did not attempt to justi
fy it. simply citing it as an instance of
cruelty in the- righting of savage natives.
Pettus of Alabama discussed some of
the legal phases of the Philippines ques
tion and McLaurin- of Mississippi insisted
that the Democrats in the Senate had not
fclandercd ihe army as had been charged.
Carmack of Tennessee interrupted to
Kay that no doubt the soldier would deny
the story as all soldiers' in the Philippines
had been instructed to do. His remark
was greeted with hisses from the gallery,
the demonstration of disapprobation call
ing out a sharp rapping of the gavel from
the chair. ¦ • • - • . ¦¦.
Spooner of Wisconsin was speaking.' and
referred incidentally to the story that a
thousand Filipinos had been put to death
by American troops in trenches which
they w«re compelled to dig. Lodgo of
Massachusetts said the story had been de
nied by the father of the soldier who had
started it. and that the War Department
had cabled to General Chuffee to ascer
tain the facts. - • \ ¦ :*¦ ¦
WASHINGTON. May 31.— Hissing in the
Senate is so unusual that when it occur
red in the course of the Philippine debate
to-day it created a sensation. ¦".
Flurry of Excitement at
.the Chicago Market's r
; ; "Closing. , . ¦
Spponer of. « Wisconsin Speaks
Eloquently of Island
Mayor Patten ot Evans
ton Makes a Goodly
Profit.
Oarmack's Criticism - of
Soldiers Arouses
WINS MILLION
IN OATS CORNER
HISSES SOUND
IN THE SENATE
THE SAX PRANCISCO CALL, SUlSn^AY, eTUNE 1, 1902.
Employes to Get a Holiday.
»The Merchant Tailors* Exchange, com
prising twelve of the leading firms of this
city, have agreed to grant all their-em
ployes a -half-holiday every Saturday dur
ing the months of June and July. All
shops will be closed at 2 p. m., so that the
employes may have a chance to lake an
outing during the summer months. » '
18
The First Sin Twelve . Years; :ici
Being ofoliged to elose the store
during the month of J^il^, on
Monday, June 2, at 10 o'clock,
"we will offer Our entire stock at
During sale store will: open at 10
a. m. .and close; at \§ p. m. No
goods will Oe exchanged or sent
„ INI. W. Cor.^Kearny gnd Post Streets.
Scrofula
Few are entirely free from it. ,
It may develop, so slowly, as to cause
little if any disturbance' during the whole
period of childhood; - ¦ { . . ,
It may then produce Irregularity of the
stomach and bowels, dyspepsia, catarrh
arid marked tendency to consumption be-
fore manifesting;ltself in much cutaneous
eruption; or glandular swelling.
j It is best to be sure that you are quite
free from it, and- for its complete eradi-
cation you can rely on
Hood's^iSarsaparilla
.The . best "of^all, medicines for all humors.
; "4 friend' recommended Peruna to me some iims ego and I commenced taking it and after a few days I
felt the beneficial effects, of the medicine. I am going to continue taking il, for I can say without hesitancy that
it is one of the best tonics that I ever took." -^FB A Hi, IS DEAN SYRiCK.
TUP QCPDC"T < through the mucous membrane. If the tors know thia, ar-1 therefore guard
1 flL OLunL I ¦ mucous membrane i& healthy they cannot against it. This is all the secret there
.; get into the system. If the mucous mem- ls rl , a _ bou £ !t - • i, r ' : -'i_
hmn.» u nfTnr-toH ivu- p,,,m, *»,» -«^w.» Tno best cure or preventive known
HOW DOCtOrS PrntPrf Thpm«;PlVP<i «^ a"ected b> catarrh the germs t o the medical profession up to date for
nUYY UUUIUI{> nOlCbl lneulSeiVeS find easy access. CatarrhaJ secretions catarrh In all its conditions la Peruna.
Fmm Pnntacrlnna nicoaeao iurnlsh exactly, the material upon which During the uncertain weather of sprlng-
rium UUIlldgiUUa UlbKdbSb. they thrive and multiply. To get rid of time it Is an unnecessary hazard for any
Doctors rarely; catch contagious dis- the catarrh and thus preserve the mucous one to neglect to guard himself from tak-
eases. Almost everybody knows this, but membrane healthy is the only way to be l ns ais e asie . by taking Peruna, Send for
few know how they, escape." Many believe safe from 'contagious diseases." frWl^MgdlSfoSj Columous OWo ™
that the doctor has some charm or anti- plains why it is that v some people catch if you do not derive prompt and «*atia
septic which protects .^m.;- Dr. Hartman diseases easier than others. " , . U factory results from -the use of Perunii.
lately made the truth of this matter pub- 'Every one Is exposed just tho same "write at once to Dr. Hartman. giving \».
lie, that all might realize its benefit. Con- Not everv one however falls a victim tuU st2tement ol your case, and he will
tagious diseases are conveyed by minute to contagious diseases. A disease germ 5f^ P ™^ tO Sl ye . J' ou hla . valuable *V*'.
organisms known, as, disease germs. These cannot- enter the system through a per- Address br Hartman Presi^nf nf t>,«
germs tind their^entrance; into the system fectly healthy' mucous membrane, ,Doc- HaVtman ?£nlt2Sm. ColSibS? Ohio. *
: - Judge Francis Pearj Syrick of Richmond. Va.. is a prominent attorney of Washington, D. C. In a recent letter wrlt-
i ten^. from 1311 L street, Washington. D. c, he says:
. »;. "' havrior some time. been troubled wiih a malarial condition of the system, thus making me susceptible
to cold and rheumatic conditions. '.•:¦- :- r
92 YEARS OLD,
KIDNEYS HEALTHY.
MRS. REBECCA SMITH OF WESTFIELD, N. J., WHO IS 92 YEARS OLD,
WAS CURKD OJ- KIDNEY AND BLADDER DISEASE AND IS KEPT
PERFECTLY HEALTHY BY WARNER'S SAFE CURE. A TRIAL - -
BOTTLE OF THIS GREAT CURE SENT ABSOLUTELY FREE
TO ANY READEit OF THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
Doctors Say : "Almost Every One Has Kidney and Bladder Troubles
Before Fifty Years of Age." ' W.
On November 18, 3301. Mrs. Smith says: "I was 92 years old my last birthday.
. My husband was a veteran of the Civil War. I have a daughter and eight grand-
¦ . children, livings Some years ago I had a great deal of
J^ '^\ sickness, and for a long time did not know that it was
-,*« - Cy. caused by the diseased condition of my kidneys and
rfffiriS *»-5DCN liver. As soon as my doctor found I had kidney trouble
Jle Prescribed Warner's Safe Cure. I had experimented
i&M/it*~M£z2'r with other remedies which did me no good whatever,
KfmL"*W2x r / H 1lut as soon as I took a fcw do^es of Warner's Safe
frj8ft"ft£gX£S .- f Cure J fel t better, and a few bottles completely cured
B/^ r'i •»~*x3 IT1C and Iruide me fc "°l like, a woman thirty years young-
WX$!tk\v&Zrr**r£A\ or - My kidneys, liver and bladder are in just as
ffiiig^'lffi^MrrVr health y condition since I have used Warner's Safe Cure
ArV*T^.*V/i* ""^^-f^vT) as they were fifty years ago. It is a greater medicine
VP^^iiU^-^f 7 4^Y than !t ls claimed to be. Notwithstanding I am 92 years
' *X>^wi#vft& &J&HA old> I P° sses s «• P«x)d head of hair, my sight and hear-
•VSStt y&trJn lus are £r°°d and since I have used Warner's Safe Cure
' A^Vti'- :: ''»nil*$ !t *l 1 " av « enjoyed the very best of health. I cannot speak
/ J$9£SI^§Sm&*i ' / t0 ° hl >hly of this great medicine. No doubt it has saved
,/{R^5^^S§§!agr&&!iii3r ' l^ c " ves °f thousands of people who would have gone
*S^C*^^^^"fb V S. to carl y graves had they neglected their kidneys and
'¦^\Y* rprltL V. bladder and not taken Warner's Safe Cure. ¦ It is truly
V\ V-Jv./l V a Godsend to any one who is troubled with diseases of
> * * the kidneys, liver or blood.
tins. SMITH. 02 Years Old. Kidney disease if neglected quickly spreads and
causes serious complications such , as Bright's disease,
gravel, uric acid poison, rheumatism, rheumatic gout, dropsy, indigestion and liver
trouble. Every one should make a test and If tho slightest trace of kidney disease
is found to exist no time should be lost in sending for a trial bottle of Warner's
Safe Cure which is guaranteed to cure any diseases of the kidneys,. liver, bladder or
blood. • ¦•..•¦,-.-•
THOUSANDS OF MEN AND WOMEN HAVE KIDNEY DISEASE AND DO
NOT KNOW IT UNTIL IT IS TOO LATE. ?•;
TEST YflllR KinNFY<V Put some morning urine in a glass or bottle: let it
, V I UUfl MUilLlOi stand for twenty-four hours. If then it is milky or
claudy or contains a reddish brick-dust sediment, or if particles or germs float about
In It. your kidneys are diseased. This is the supreme moment when you should be-
gin to take Warners Safe Cure to arrest all these unnatural conditions, for they are
the unmistakable symptoms of kidney disease. If. after you have made this test
you have any doubt in your mind as to the development of the disease in your
system, send us a sample of your urine, and our doctors will analyze it and send
you a report with advice, free. : .
Warner's Safe Cure
is purely vegetable and contains no harmful, drugs; it does not constipate: It ls
now put up m two regular sizes and is sold by all druggists, or direct at
50 CENTS AND $1.00 A BOTTLE.
(Lees than one cent a dose.)
TkIAL BOTTLE FREE.
To convince every sufferer from diseases of the kldnevs live»- hi n ,irw <i n j
blood that Warner's Safe Cure will cure then T. a trial Mle will WwSabiSutSv
free to any one who will write Warner's Safe Cure Co., Rochester • K v^ ami men
tion having P een this liberal offer in The Call TIip genu neness n f ' tlu "
fully guaranteed by the publisher. Our doctor Will slnd medfeal booklet contai, S
g \Hn 0 > m o S ne^h t o r^, m w 1 Ate f ™« 5sS^!^^E
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
I If A Judged Recovery;]!
i took.- |^^i s j y^ g c e k
§ DEAN It 1 1
I eonsumervS . 1
ffl 12/2 c. to 16c. pound- in 25 M
M a,nd 50 pound cans..... 1
m -whole ' roasted-, or ground, m
H KONA KOFFED KOMPANY i
II 145 Stockton St.. San Francisco.. M
m Country orders l|
H shipped pronr^pt ly l|PHOENIX, A. T.. May 31.— Elmer E. Miller
was fatally burned in .Blsbee to-day by the
accidental overturning of a slag car at the
Copper Queen converter.
I confidently believe that George E. Chamber
lain will be elected Governor by Hot less than
5000 majority, and from the indications it may
be more. It looks like a landslide. The re
maider of the State ticket will run well, the
majorities for which, owing to the fact that
so much interest is taken in the head of the
ticket, are hard to estimate with accuracy. W.
F. Butcher will be elected to Congress from
the Second District beyond question. Returns
on hand from the First Congressional District
are not such that I can form anything like a
correct estimate.
I am absolutely sure of the election of W.
J. Furnish for Governor. The majority on the
State ticket will be in the neighborhood of 12.
000. though that for Governor will be consid
erably less. Congressman Thomas H. Tongue,
in the First District, will be elected by an in
creased majority over two years ago, and J.
N. Williamson, in the Second District, will have
a very large majority. The Legislature will
be Republican by a safe working majority.
Chairman Samuel "White of the Demo
cratic State Committee, said:
The Democrats have -confined their
campaign -almost exclusively to- State is
sues, while the Republicans have made
national expansion and the retention of
the island possessions a basis for their
campaigning. The Republicans claim
that the State ticket, with the exception
of Governor, will have a majority of 12.
000, while the Democrats do not make any
claims.on the State aside from the head
of the ticket. The Republicans claim, the
election of both Congressmen by large
majorities and a working majority in the
Legislature. The Democrats have given
out no estimates on the Legislature.
Chairman W. F. Matthews of the Re
publican State Committee to-night said:
Furnish, the Republican nominee for
Governor, who is a resident of Umatllla
County, was a Democrat until 1896, when
he left the party and supported McKinley
for President. In 1900 ho was chosen
Presidential elector on the Republican
ticket.
George Chamberlain, the Democratic
candidate for Governor, is a resident of
this city and the present District Attor
ney. He is personally popular in this
county, as well as in a large part of
"Western Oregon, where he is widely
known, and the chairman of the Demo
cratic State Committee claims his elec
tion by 5000 majority.
\ PORTLAND. May 31.— On Monday the
electors of Oregon will vote for a full
State ticket, two Congressmen and mem
bers of the Legislature, which will elect
a United States Senator to succeed Joseph
Simon. The majority for President Me-
Kinley in 1900 was 13,000, which Is close to
the normal Republican majority In the
State for several years past. On account
of a factional fight in the Republican
party in Multnomah County (the city of
Portland) a Republican stronghold; it is
conceded by the Republicans that the ma
jority in the State of W. J. Furnish for
Governor will be considerably below the
normal.
New Legislature Will Elect
a Republican to Succeed
Senator Simon.
Both Parties Are Confi
dently Claiming the
Governorship.
OREGON ON EVE
OF AN ELECTION
SANTA ROSA, May 31.— The Juvenile
floral carnival, which ywas to have been
held in' this city to-day, was postponed
until next Saturday. This was neces
sitated by the heavy storm which struck
this city at daybreak. The programme of
events which had been prepared for to
day will be given next Saturday, and the
same elaborate attention to detail will be
carried out. . . . ••-....
Juvenile Carnival Postponed.
AUBURN. May 31.— The graduation ex
ercises of the Placer County High School
were held in the opera-house to-night.
There were two graduates— Miss May
Meredith and Lincoln Merrow. President
Wheeler of the State University was pres
ent-and delivered his lecture- on "The
Present Position of the United States
Among the Nations of the Earth." Presi
dent Wheeler left to-night for Boulder,
where he will repeat the lecture before
the Colorado University.
Wheeler Talks to Graduates.
Recovered From the Crows
Nest Drifts.
FERNIE, B. C. May 31.— Up to date 113
bodies have been recovered from the
Crows Nest Pass mine. About thirty-five
are still in the depths, the greater por
tion of which are now under water.
The miners are now satisfied that the
inouiry which the Government has gone
into to -ascertain the cause of the disas
ter in the mines will be thorough and
impartial. The character of the evidence
introduced at the Coroner's inquest and
the attitude of the Government represent
ative show a disposition to ascertain
where the blame, if any, should be placed.
One Hundred and' Nineteen Bodies
DELVERS AT FERNIE FIND
SCORES OF MINE VICTIMS
VANCOUVER, B. C, May 31.— One of
the largest industrial deals of the year in
the dominion was completed to-day in the
sale of the entire business, elevators, roll
ing stock, etc., of the Ogilvie Milling
Company for $10,000,000 to American capi
talists. The purchasing company is head
ed in Canada by Charles R. . Hosmer/of
Montreal, orte of the vice presidents of
the Canadian Pacific Railway, and asso
ciated with him are several Philadelphia
and New York capitalists.
The business has the largest flouring
manufacture and trade in Canada. The
head of the company for many years was
the late Senator Ogilvie, who died in
Montreal last year. He was succeeded as
general' manager by F. W. Thompson,
formerly general Western manager in
Winnipeg. An attempt was made in Jan
uary to withdraw the interests of the
Oprilvie estate,. and this gave rise to the
oeal.wlth the Americans, which was fin
ally consummated to-day.
Syndicate Purchases the Entirs
Property of the Ogilvie
Milling Company.
AMERICANS INVEST TEN
MILLIONS IN CANADA
REDDING, May 31.— Elijah M. Hobbs,
Augustus Hobbs and Mrs. Peffer, who
live on Sand Flats, east of Redding, have
fallen heir to an- estate valued at about
$75,000. They are poor people, hauling
wood and eggs to Redding for a living.
Moses Hobbs died in Santa Barbara three
months ago and left an estate consisting
of $60,000 in cash and 400 acres of land in
Santa Barbara County. He was a bache
lor, 80 vears of age and accumulated his
wealth "in ttie stock and farming business.
He was frugal and economical to such an
extreme that he was called miserly by
many, but withal he lived comfortably
and did not go without good clothing or
food.
Hobbs left no near relatives in Santa
Barbara. E. M. Hobbs, who lives on Sand
Flats, near the scene of the Keswlck
Crude Oil Company's well, read a story
in a San Francisco paper of the death of
Moses Hobbs. He at once left for Santa
Barbara to see if the dead man was not
the uncle after whom he had been named.
He has written that the .relationship has
been established and that his uncle left
no will, The only heirs at law are E. M.
Hobbs, Augustus Hobbs and Mrs. Peffer,
a sfcster of the Hobbs, and the estate will
be divided between these three.
Shasta County Residents "Will Share
Wealth of Moses Hobbs of
Santa Barbara,
POOR WOODCHOPPEItS
INHERIT THE ESTATE
Increases Wages of Its Men. t
STOCKTON, May 31.— N. P. Steinbeck,
manager of the Sp'erry Flour Company in
this city, said to-night that he would an
nounce to the mill employes to-morrow
ar; increase . of salary of 20 per cent to
five classes of laborers. The advance in
wages, has not been asked by the men
and will come as a surprise. It will make
a difference of $8000 in the annual payroll,
It is understood that the advance is due
to a prosperous year and increased local
trade, and does not apply to other mills
of the company. . •
Santa' Fe Strike May Spread.
I.OS ANGELES. May 3L-Santa Fe
headquarters is of the opinion that the
s-trike of boiler-makers that began a few
ays ago in the San Bernardino shops may
< xtend. Needles already has joined in the
movement, and other. places on the sys
tem in this jurisdiction may follow suit.
The difficulty may reach as far east as
Albuquerque. So far the men have been
orderly, and it is hoped the arrival of
? Joneral Manager A. G. Wells from San
I- rancisco in a few days will end the dif
liculty.
SUISUN, May 31.— A quarter of an inch
of rain fell here last night and to-day
and has damaged fruit and grain crops
materially. Ripe cherries suffered greatly
and much grain is down. Hay was dam
aged to a great extent.
WILLOWS, May 31.— Three-quarters of
an inch of rain fell to-day, which will
materially damage cut hay and standing
grain. The latter in many fields is now
lying flat on the ground.
CHICO, May 31.— Rain began falling
here at 1:30 o'clock this morning. Further
showers would do much damage to hay
and cherries.'
SAN JOSE, May 3^.— Rain set in early
this morning and continued at intervals
during the day. About .25 of an Inch fell.
The fruit crop, with the exception- of
cherries, will be benefited. Cherries that
are ripening, mostly the black variety,
will suffer some, but it is not believed the
crop is far enough. advanced for the dam
age to be great. Hay that is cut will be
injured *o some extent.
PACIFIC GROVE, May 31.— Rain fell
here early this morning. Small fruit was
considerably damaged.
DIXON, May . 31. — An unwelcome rain
began falling this morning at 9 o'clock.
At 2 o'clock there was a downpour, last
ing fifteen minutes. If the precipitation
continues it will do considerable damage,
as farmers are in the midst of haying.
MARYSVILLE, May 31.— Eighty-eight
hundredths of an inch of rain fell here to
day, accompanied by lightning and thun
der—something unusual in this locality.
Some damage to small fruits resulted, al
though crops in general were much bene
fited.
WOODLAND, May 31.— The unexpected
change in the weather has caused appre
hension among farmers and fruit grow
ers. Light snowers have prevailed all
day and there are no indications of a
clearing up. Unless clear weather comes
soon tnere is grave danger that crops,
considered the most promising for several
years, will be materially damaged. . If
showers continue another day toe Ios3 in
hay will be heavy and the wheat crop. If
not blown down, will be threatened witii
rust. • No serious damage has yet re
sulted to fruit, but cherries 'are in danger.
SACRAMENTO, May 31.— George B.
Katzenstein and Alden Anderson, leading
fruit men, agree that the rain has done
no damage to fruit in this part of the
State. Vacaville reports cherries un
harmed. The early varieties are all gone
and the late ones will be benefited. The
apricots are improved In appearance and
freshness.
GRASS VALLEY, May 31.— Tjiis section
was visited to-day by the most unusual
weather recorded in years. Rain fell' and
a cold wind blew. During the morning
snow fell near the town on some of the
higher elevations. Two or three inches
of snow is reported on a ranch near this
city. Snow ac this time of the year has
been almost unheard of here. The only
damage will result to cut hay. Fear is
expressed that a frost may set in while
the trees are wet, killing the fruit crop.
ANGELS CAMP, May 31.— There was a
heavy snow storm, in^ the mountains
above here to-day. The 'snow is eight to
ten inches deop at Big Trees. It will
cause a heavy loss of sheep and lambs,
as feed is all covered. Nearly an inch of
rain fell here.
/ Special Dispatch to The Call.
Heavy Fall of Snow Near
Gras3 Valley and Angels
Camp.
it is stated that 400 'more men em
ployed by other big stores will be out by
to-night. The effect, it was said, would
be to practically shut off the delivery of
goods v to customers and the bringing of
new. stock. ¦
The Department Store Teamsters* Union
was recenF-ly formed and is affiliated with
the national organization on the same
footing as the one at the yards. The men
make the same demand as the packers'
teamsters for better hours, higher wages
and recognition of the union. Police were
called to guard the Fair.
Jacob Kessner, manager of the estab
lishment, attempted to address the team
sters this morning. Their business agent,
however, told Kessner that he would have
to talk to the men's acent and that he
could not talk to the men.
"I do not recognize you," said Kessnsr.
At this the business agent blew the
whistle and the teamsters to a man quit
work, leaving large guards of pickets,
however, to look after their interests.
Serious trouble began for down town
CHICAGO. May 3L— The teamsters'
strike to-day spread to the de
partment stores. Eighty-nine
working for the Fair struck, and
of hard and soft coal miners to decide
what action the bituminous men should
take in the anthracite strike was still an
open question. ' •'.
The engineers; firemen and pumpmen
from Ashley and vicinity held a meeting
to-day and indorsed the strike by a two
thirds vote.. At a meeting of the engi- r
nt-ers. firemen and pumpmen employed at
the Plymouth collieries the strike order
was indorsed by a vote of 92 to 0.. The
GOo engineers, firemen and pumpmen of
the Lackawanna collieries have refused
to strike. Numerous special officers are
being sworn in for guard duty at the vari
ous mines.
hotels and restaurants to-day, when mem
bers of the Ice-wagon Drivers' and Help
ers' Union refused to deliver Ice to ! the
Great Northern Hotel, the Palmer House,
Kinsley's restaurant and the Heusncr
Baking Company. The management of
the Auditorium Hotel and Annex was
also notified that po ice would be deliver
ed after to-day if meat of the packers
who have not- signed, the union agreement
is used in the hotel. At midnight the sit
uation throughout the city is estimated
to be p.s follows:
The proprietors of 40 per cent of the 1600
meat markets in the city have entirely
exhausted their supplies. Of the 955 res
taurants in the city it is said 70 per cent
will be without meat for their customers
by Sunday night. All the meat markets
conducted by Jews closed down to-night,
and no attempt will be made to open them
while the strike lasts. This leaves 85,000
Jews in Chicago, without their regular
meat supply.
WILKESBARRE, Pa., May 31.—Presi
dent Mitchell of the United Mine Workers
returned to this city to-day after a week's
absence in the West. Mitchell said his
trip to the West had nothing to do with
bringing about a settlement of the strike
in the anthracite region.
He said the plan of holding a convention
Rain and Cold Wind
Give Some Crops a
Setback.
Labor Difficulty in Which the Teamsters First Figured Spreads at
¦ an Alarming Pace and Employes of Department Stores Leave
;: Their Positions and the Big Hotels Are Suffering Severely
FREAK WEATHER
CAUSES DAMAGE
STRIKE DEPRIVES MANY THOUSANDS
OF THEIR MEAT SUPPLY IN CHICAGO
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 1, .1902.
19
STATEMENT
OF THE— ' t ¦ '
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE- — /
Thuringia
INSURANCE COMPANY
fVF* ERFURT. GERMANT. ON THE 31ST
VJ day of December, A. D. 1901, ¦ and for th«
year ending on that day, as made to the In-
surance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of, sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code, -condensed
as per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
' CAPITAL*
Amount oOCapital Stock, paid up
In Cash $450.000 0O
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company.. $463,233 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages.. 8,026,471 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
• and Bonds owned by Company. . 1,353,022 23
Amount of Loans secured by
pledge of Bonds, Stocks and
other marketable securities as
collateral 053.289 77
Cash in Company's Office 4.846 01
Cash in Banks 383.103 9a
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 58,134 19
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 6,673 6]
Premiums In due Course of Col-
lection 214.798 94
Bills receivable, not Matured.
taken for Fire. Marine. Life.
Accident. Burglary and Plata
Glass Risks 493,645 S3
Due from other Companies for Re-
insurance on losses already paid 129.213 73
Due from Life Insurance Com-
panies 221.358 73
Total Assets 112.814.M1 99
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid.... j
Losses In process of Adjust- I
ment or in Suspense ¦ ' $237,190 00
Losses resisted. Including ex- >
penses Jj
Gross premiums on Fire Risks f I ¦
running one year or less, -
$ ; reinsurance 30 '
per cent '. 743,337 70
Gross premiums on Fire Risks j
running more than one year, 1
$ ; reinsurance pro :
rata I] RXSWltm
Grose premiums on Marine and ' 1 , **
Inland Navigation Risks, ¦ " ¦ ?
$ ; reinsurance 100 ' ~
percent.. 4.600 IS
Gross premiums on - Marine I >
Time Risks. $ — ; re- I
insurance BO per cent Jl •
Liability under other Branches.. 9,776,2 A 0 2S
Cash dividends remaining unpaid 235 00
Pension fund of .Company's em-
ployes 120.107 43
All other Liabilities 316.324 28
Total Liabilities .$11,402,914 86
INCOME. =====
Net cash actually received for
Fire premiums $1,529,344 "3
Net cash actually received for
Marine premium* 21,825 53
Received for interest on Bonds
and Mortgages 122.133 4?
Received for interest and divi-
dends on Bonds. Stocks. Loans
and from all other sources.... 90 889 69
"Received for premiums of other
Branches 1,677,661 83
Received from all other sources.. 52! 601 70
Total Income $3,694,961 9T
EXPENDITURES. :
Net amount paid for Fire Losses. $312,274 91
Net amount paid for Marino
Losses 32,032 13
Dividends to Stockholders 120 000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission
or Brokerage ~' 333,256 6-S
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc. 324.843 41
Paid for State. National and
Local taxes 29,274 80
All other payments and expendi-
tures 1,084,729 67
Total Expenditures $2,956,411 38
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiuma.
Net amount of Risks
written during Ahe
year $927,268,619 $2,828,408 7«
Net amount of Risks
expired during the * \ ,
year 884,387,627 2.257.793 08
Net amount In force
December 31. 1901.. 692.540.679 1.474,437 83
Risks and Premiuma. Mar. Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year | $33,054.2641 $45.016 25
Net amount of Risks f
expired during the
year... 19.276,408 42.545 91
Net amount in force
December 31. 1901.. 14.021.706 21.823 OS
' • DR. MAX LUDEWIG, Manager
CARL SCHUMANN. Secretary. *
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 17th
day of April. 1902.
THOS. EWING MOORE. U. S. Conral. .
'¦; DR. PIERCE'S REMEDIES.
Half and Half.
The dyspeptic may well be represented
E'ctorially as being half masculine and
tlf feminine, and combining the least
desirable characteristics of either sex.
He has all. the stubbornness of the mas
with the peevish ir- -»
ritability of a sick rCSSJ
woman. He's not «-/_L$§S
pleasant company at T^*««f
home or abroad. C^*P
Dr. Pierce's Golden Jbtt^
Medical Discovery /f^TW^^rv
cures dyspepsia and /
other diseases of the Tun L \
stomach and associ- ' mf )£ \
ated organs of, diges- Kb/ /*/
tion and * nutrition, y^ «•* r>t /^j/
It renews physical * A jtf>S*J
health which carries 7 /NH&$T
with it cheerfulness f-?pVyl
of temper, and makes Xtff' v&&i?\
life a pleasure instead ]j rcSSvJ
of a penance. ¦ IS ffSvv&Sj
The "Discovery* 111 /kvi^lj
purifies the blood by. Jl I I :^j>: : S|
eliminating the cor- nf A ty : '&i\
rupt and poisonous 1 1-pA '?!0s£;\
accumulations from I IT I Ss^rtjl
which disease is bred. I II I £$$£v\
It increases the ac- III '•?&/i&\
tivity of the blood- I flf £5;,£l : '-\
making^ glands, so \J&r £vJfe^S»*
increasing the supply m * u^>™
of pure rich blood, which gives life to
every organ of the body. It gives new
life and new strength.
"Your 'Golden Medical Discovery* has per-
formed a wonderful cure," writes Mr. M. H.
House, of Charleston, Franklin Co,, Ark. "I had
the worst case of dvspepsia, the doctors say, that
they ever saw. After trying seven doctors and
everything I could hear of; with no benefit, I
tried Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery aad
now I am cured."
Accept no substitute for "Golden Med-
ical Discovery." There is nothing R just
as good" for diseases of the stomach,
blood and lungs.
The Common Sense Medical Adviser,
ioo8 large pages in paper covers, is sent
free on receipt of 21 one-cent stamps to
g" y expense of mailing only. Address
•. R. V. Pierce, Bufialo, N. Y.
i Full-sized boxes of Golden Specific are for
sale In San Francisco by J. R. Gates & Co.,
417 Sansome «t.
A new tasteless discovery which can be piven In tea,
soft>e or food. Heartily endorsed by W. C. T. U. and all
temperance workers. It does Its work so silently and
surely that while the devoted wife, sister or daughter
looks on, toe drunkard is reclaimed even agalnsthis will
and without his knowledge. Send your name and address
to Dr. J. W. Ualnes,3349 Glenn BMsr., Cincinnati, O.. and
be will mail a trial package oC Golden Specific free to
Show how easily It is to cure am~ >¦ ¦> n'o wi t h this remedy.
Nothing to Try.
Any Lady Can do it at Home— Costs
Drunkards
Cured Secretly
Managers,
San Francisco.
VOSS, CONRAD & CO.,
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARXY AND WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
znodeled and renovated. KING. WARD *
CO. European plan. Rooms, COc to f I 50 day;
S3 to $S week; %S to *2O month. Free baths;
hot And cold water every room; flro grates la
every room; elevator runs all night.
4 visit DR. JORDAN'S grcat4
* MUSEUM. OF ANATOMY*
A Q| 1051 lUBHTZr. tit. 6:i*7ii,S.r.Cil. A
\ - ."df The Larrett Anatomical Museum in the \
0 ¦jrwWaCn. WoTli W««kn«»e» or any contracted Jf
1. iSn*i *««e.F»«» l «" l 7«r«4hythe oldest f
0 iBSJCl Specialist on the Coast. Ett. 36 years. Q
4 fljgf DR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN J
\ ¦ < Jtfo Consultation free and strietly priyate.
f I ( Fif l!"""^ Pe"onal!y or by l-ttet. A 1 \
\ I. r Si f—ttn» CW. in ercry cat* undertaken. '
sir III' w rite for Book. PMILOnuPaV of , I
¦W ¦ 11' HAHRIAC*. MAILED FREE. (A'
A flu- "'"able book for mrn) . -- Jk
f DB. JOBDANAtO, 1051 Market St. S. F I '
SAN RAFAEL, CAL.
XMkS TERM WH* BEGIN AUGUST 13. j
HITCHCOCK MILITARY ACADEMY,
KaV>^?S nUrlUnt j
«^|ggi*<£3^ELECTKIC TRFSS M
H *^a&S^*~ Nothing like it. Comfort &M
H 1 - ->^/3SV* wcurityl A Perfect Retainer. £9
B }RF\ aJ* do«» ta« work! W c*ll or figS
\ today for "Boou.rrso.l.'* l£j&
* dd "» M : Maoaetlc E. Tress Co, Kl
: . *0B Port Street, San Francisco, C*l. egg
Or 33 W. 34th St., New York, Keatloa ttls f.per BBS
6^-
SB. XHJ£EB'S SWAMP-BOOT.
DO YOU GET UP
WITH A LAME BACK?
Sidney Trouble Hakes You Miserable.
Almost everybody who reads the news-
papers is sure to know of the wonderful
» it jy^ . cures made by Dr.
1 —^=4-r^J H Kilmer's Swamp-Root,
f V^il the great kidney, liver
H frtiRtT, J I- and bladder remedy.
- IT [FtS] L£ I* k e 2"** rnedi-
L, [J( fv **€cal triumph of thenine-
iH I iflf teenth century; dis- 1
v i^= V, 1 covered after years of
.it Nf~ff 1 rr\_"*l scientific research by
r r I ~v^ s^i Dr « Kilmer, the eml-'
I „ — R>=J_ " nent kidney and blad-
_-.isaF-^>"- • der specialist,, and 13
wonderfully successful In promptly curing
lame back, kidney, bladder, uric acid trou-
bles and Bright's Disease, which Is the worst
form of kidney trouble.
Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root Is not rec-
ommended for everything but If you have kid-'
ney, liver or bladder trouble It will be found
just the remedy you need. It has been tested
in so many ways, in hospital work, in private
practice, among the helpless too poor to pur-:
chase relief and has proved so successful in
every cass that a special arrangement has
been made by which all readers of this paper
who have not already tried it, may have a
sample bottle sent free by mail, also a book
telling more about Swamp-Root and how to
find out if you have kidney or bladder trouble. '
When writing mention reading this generous
offer In this paper and fr^C"**
send your address to g^j^sfeS SJHI55* 1
Dr. Kilmer & Co., Blng.^^pHESS]g«S
hamton, N. Y. The
regular fifty cent and Honwofswamp-soob ;
dollar sizes are sold by all rood druggists.
Don't make any mistake, but remem-
ber the name, Swamp-Root. Dr. Kil-
mer's Swamp-Root, and the address,
Binghamton. N. Y.. on every bottle.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
M 1 ' CELEBRATED **0
When the bowels are constipated
the blood becomes impure. The
Bitters is the best known laxative
and blood purifier.
It will cure Sick Headache, Indiges-
tion, Dyspepsia and Malaria, Fever
and Ague. A trial wii! crnvince vou
i» _ 1 " _^1__- — pa
are very different from most $9 suits sold elsewhere. The most important difference lies in the value— ours are'
fully twentv-five per cent better. The next difference is in the style of the garments— ours are fashionably cut.
Another difference is in the assortment — we show a $9 ready-to-wear suit in solid blue serges and mixed tweeds
and cheviots in a great variety of patterns. Then ours are union /made and so labeled; they are manufactured in
clean, sanitary workshops. If you knew the importance of this you would value it.
Making the clothes ourselves and selling direct to you enables 'us to give better values than anv other
firm who must buy through middlemen.
Here you get a money-backed, union-made, guaranteed suit for $9. • •
By this way, we are selling $2 50 striped worsted trousers in a number of very desirable patterns for $1.95,
Novelties in Boys' Suits
A great many mothers do not know that we carry a most complete line of nove'.ty suits for boys, so we
i choose this week to acquaint them with th3 fact that they can save as much money here on a novelty suit as on '
something staple. * '^ v I
We shall show three distinctive styles for the little man from 3 to 10 years of age; all the suits are some-
thing like picture shown.
One is the Academic as pictured; it has plaits and yokes and ct^^^t
?B '~iT Sf Another style is the Bar Harbor. It has a plain double- '
*^&S^J&^' breasted coat with scalloped front and back and a shield. : ' "^^jfi^
<^ The third style is a Yoke-Norfolk. It has box plaits, yoke, -^-<j^^^^^X.
#ll^Swlp\\ ' The^ materialsin a11 styles are serges and mixtures; actual • %mffl|^fflffiL
\ 'Wj}^^§^M/i Baseball and bat free with every suit in the Boys' Outfitting • ' vUffllfeisiii^//'Bondholders Are Losers.
Exposition
CHARLESTON,' S. C, May 31.—At mid
night President Wagner turned off the
electric lights, the. buglers .-sounded
"taps." a salute was flred and.the South
Carolina Interstate and West Indian Ex
position passed into history*; -The .enter
prise will be at a loss financially, and the
stockholders .'will receive none of thur
subscriptions back. Some loss will prob
ably -fall on ~the; bondholders and there
SACRAMENTO. May 31— The Bee says
there is an epidemic of smallpox in "Washing
ton, across the river from, this city.
¦:.. AUSTIN; Tex., May 31.— The protracted
illness -of Governor Sayers Is causing un
easiness among his friends. He has been
confined to his bed for two -weeks -with
Texas Governor Seriously 111.
. SAN JOSE. May 31.— The visiting bank
ers who have attended the convention of
the California ; Bankers' Association were
the guests of the local financiers" to-day.
The- latter closed, their institutions and
devoted the entire time, to the"entertain
ment of the delegates. (A number of vis
iting bankers and their wives and families
were driven to -Los Gatos, Congress
feprings and Saratoga. On the way back
Bankers' Enjoy an Outing.
where In 3 itafen* t he ?«"<> °"ve farm.
Colonel e 4 a « served by
Most if tho Goodrich, was enjoyed,
homes th«a #» 3ftkers "turned to their
t^ ?Zx ?£? ? f ternoon. • A few. however.*
?lM the trip to the Lick Observatory
telescope. 5 * a loOk throu S h the bfe_
are a few outstanding debts, though the
showing in this respect. will be much bet
ter thun was predicted. ~\ Otherwise the
success of the exposition is unquestioned.
FAIRCLOUGH SUCCESSOR
OF PROFESSOR PEASE
President Jordan Names New Head
for the Latin Department
of Stanford. -
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, May 31.-
President Jordan announced to-day the
appointment of Dr. Henry Rushton Fair
clough, at present professor of classical
literature, to the head professorship of
the Latin department, left vacant by the
resignation of Professor Ernest M. Pease
The appointment will date from the open
ing of the fall semester in September,
but as Professor Fairclough is to be ab
sent on leave during the coming year, an
acting head will be chosen to direct the
affairs of the department during his ab
sence. It Is said that Dr. Jefferson El
raore will be moved up from an instruc
tor's place to an assistant professorship
and that Dr. Benjamin O. Foster, now an
assistant, will become an instructor.
, Dr. Fairclough was granted his A. B.
degree by Toronto University in 1883 and
the master's degree the following year
He held a fellowship at Toronto during
18S3-84 and from 1S84 until 1886 was classi
cal and English master at the Brpckville
High School. He was made a doctor of
philosophy for graduate work at Johns
Hopkins in 1886. and from 1887 until his
arrival at Stanford In 1883 he was a lec
turer in Greek and ancient history at the
University College, Toronto. •-
BIG IRRIGATION CANAL
FOR MONTEREY COUNTY
Will Supply "Water for a Vast TTact
of Land Devoted to Beet
Culture.
MONTEREY. May 31.— The final survey
for one of the largest Irrigation -canals In
the State Is being conducted and the
work of construction, it Is understood;
will- begin as ', soon as the task Is com
pleted. The proposed canal will run
through " the southern portion of Monte
rey County, from Soledad, Spence and
Chualar to ;the , Spreckels Sugar Com
pany's large holdings : southeast of
Salinas. The canal will supply water for
Irrigating more than, forty miles 'of beet
growing country on either : side. The
water will be obtained from the Arroyo
Slough and the damming of this creek
will cost about $500,000.
' IX)S ANGEL.EB, May 31. — Coron«r Holland
was notified to-day by the Southern Pacific
Company tlrat the body of. ; J. P. Flanders, an
old employe of the- company, bad been found
In a small cabin in .the material yard of the.
corporation at Santa Monica.
WASHINGTON. May 31.— By the direc
tion of the President Secretary Koot has
issued a general order decreasing the
etrength of our permanent military estab
lishment and changing the ratio of its
make-up as provided in the general order
issued last May, to carry out the army
reorganization law. Under the general
order of last May the total strength of
the army was fixed at 77.2S7 men. The
order issued to-day reduces this figure to
66,437— a reduction of 10,790.
In the cavalry branch of the service the
old order specified twelve troops of eighty
five men each to a regiment; the new orr
der establishes twelve troops of seventy
five men each. This will decrease the
total strength of the fifteen cavalry regi
ments from 15.S43 to 14,040.
In the artillery branch the coast con
tingent will be kept at its former strength
of 126 companies of 109 enlisted men each,
or a total of 13,734, but the field artillery
will be reduced from thirty batteries of
160 men each to twenty-eight batterie3
(twenty-five light and three mountain) of
120 men each. Provision is made in the
new order for two siege batteries, each
with a strength of 1G0 men, which in ad
dition to the light and mountain batteries
will give the artillery corps a total en
listed strength of 17,742, as against the
18,862 men provided in the former order.
The new order reduces the number of
men to an infantry company from 104
to SO, and our thirty regiments of twelve
companies each will now give a total in
fantry force of 29,850, instead of 33,520.
The strength of the engineer branch re
mains as formerly, as does also tne
strength of the 6taff departments.
It will be the plan of the War- Depart
ment hereafter to divide the army as pro
vided in the order issued to-day, into
thirds, having one-third of the entire es
tablishment In the Philippines at all
times and the remaining two-thirds in
the United States and elsewhere. By thi3
plan an enlisted man taking six years as
a basis would serve four years in the
United States proper, or in Hawaii or in
Alaska to every two years served in the
Philippines.
"Tbird^Those whose aggregate sales are
$1500 or less per quarter shall constitute
the third class, and shall pay a license of
550 per quarter for those doing business
between the hours of 6 a. m and midnight
and $100 per quarter for those doing busi
ness after midnight."
The Police Commissioners submitted to
the Board of Supervisors yesterday the
draft of a proposed ordinance fixing the
rate of liquor license to be paid by drug
stores at $5 -per quarter. The ordinance
provides that the liquors mentioned shall
not be consumed upon the premises and
fixes the. penalty at $500 or six months'
imprisonment. .
"First— Those whose aggregate sales
amount to $2000 or over per quarter shall
constitute the first class and shall pay a
license of $100 per quarter for those doing
business between the hours of 6 a. m.
and midnight and $125 per * quarter for
those doing business after midnight.
"Second — Those whose aggregate sales
amount to $1500 per quarter and not ex
ceeding $2000 shall constitute the second
class, and shall pay a license of $75 per
quarter for those doing business between
the hours of 6 a. m and midnight and $100
per quarter for those doing business after
midnight.
"Every person who sells or engages in,
conducts or carries on the business of
selling spirituous, malt or fermented
liquors or wines in quantities less than
one quart shall be designated as a 're
tall liquor dealer' and shall pay licenses
as follows: - '
In accordance with a, resolution adopted
by the Federation of Mission Improve
ment Clubs favoring. a graduated increase
of the existing liquor license, the execu
tive committee of the federation has sub
mitted a draft of j an ordinance to the
Beard of Supervisors which provides as
fellows: • .
ing . an Increase of the Present
' ' Saloon Tax. >
Submit Draft of Ordinance Suggest*
IMPROVEMENT CLUBS ASK
FOB GRADUATED LICENSES
The impression is gaining ground in the
north that the season just opening will be
a great one for scows and barges on the
lakes and the. river. The water is ver/
low, and it is slow In rising. The Sybil
was comDelled to return to Dawson on
Wednesday on account of the low water
at Hells Gate. She is said to have found
only six inches there. The sawmill men
and those with barges are looking for
ward to a good season.
Dawsonites arriving to-Say say that the
clean-up is turning out wonderfully well.
Three claims on Eureka Creek yielded
$50,000 each in five days' work at the com
mencement of the gpriris run, and many
other properties are exceeding expecta
tions. Two claims on El Dorado pur
chased last year by Seattle parties are
turning out gold at the rate of $9000 a
day In the preliminary clean-up.
Dawson trade is reported by the arrivals
to be sluggish and there Is no shortage of
goods. Hay was selling a w%ek ago at
$110 a ton and oats at $160 a ton. Eggs
taken over the ice brought $27 a crate.
VANCOUVER, B. C, May 31.— The first
Klondike miners who came from Dawson
on the river boats which left there a
week ago to-day arrived this aftarnoon at
Vancouver on the steamer City of Se
attle. Twenty men came out on the first
steamer, the Bailey, but the vessel was
delayed in making the bar at Lower le
Barge, with the result that the few who
finally got through had to mush in over
slush and snow to White Horse and
thence to Skagway by train. R. L. Vin
ins and A. E. Barton, two Dawson mer
chants, were the first to reach Skagway.
They had a terrible trip over marshes
and through bogs and • were nearly
drowned on two occasions by falling:
into hidden sloughs.
The Clifford Slfton and the Sybil,
which left Dawson in the middle of the
week," are bringing out the. first consign
ment of gold. They have about $600,000
between them, the bulk of this. being for
the Canadian Bank of Commerce and the
British North American, while about
$100,000 is being brought in individual
shipments for mining men.
Esecial DlsDatch to The Call.
War Secretary Changes
the Military Es
tablishment. •
Dawsonites Reach Van
couver With News of
Spring Exodus.
SHIPS BRINGING
GOLDEN CARGOES
ARMY FORCES
ARE REDUCED
. An organ recital and sacred concert will
be given this evening at the Emmanuel
Baptist Church. : • ; .' .. ••-.• ¦;¦..-.
J. Haydn, the young evangelist will
speak every night this week excepting
Saturday, at the Howard-street M. E:
Church. . • /
African M. E. Zion — Morning, Rev. T. M.
Draper will preach. Evening; "The Need of
Strong Men." Pastor- Rev. T. Brown.
Y. M. C. A.— Afternoon, "The Young. Man
in Training," by Rev. F. ..M. Larking of the
Grace M. E. Church. . - '
Emanuel Evangelical — Morning, "The Christ-
Jan for Oar Present Time." Evening, "A
Great Coward." Pastor Rev. F. W. Fischer.
Richmond Congregational— Morning, celebra
tion of children's day. Evening, "The Beauty
of the World and Its Lessons." Pastor Rev.
Philip Coombe.
Calvary Presbyterian — Morning, "Christ's
Work for Us." Evening, "Christianity a Con
struction Force." Associate Pastor Rev. G. G.
Eldredge. - ,.
First United Presbyterian— Morning, "The
Two Ways." Evening. "The Young Man and
HJs Life Object." Pastor Rev. H. H. Bell.
Westminster Presbyterian — : "Nevefr Alone;
the Blessing of It." Pastor E. H. Avery.
First Congregational — Morning, "The King
dom Belongs to the Children." Evening, "A
Xail in His Holy Place." Pastor Rev. George
C. Adams. •
Third Congregational— Evening, "The Amer
ican Soldier." Pastor William Rader.
Epworth Methodist Episcopal — Morning,
"Communion With God '. the Secret of Power."
Evening. "The Neglected Half of Christianity."
Pastor Rev. F. A. Keast.
Central Methodist Episcopal — Evening. "A
Veteran's Vision." Pastor Rev. H. F. Briggs.
First Methodist Episcopal— Morning, "Prince
in Israel has tallen, but his works do follow
him." by Bi3hop William Taylor. Evening,
rii'he Young Woman in Business Life; Op
portunities and pangers." Pastor Rev. E. A.
Baker.
i California Street Methodist Episcopal— Tho
pastor will preach morning and evening.
Shattuck Avenue Methodist Episcopal—Morn
ing, "Christ a Friend." Evening, "Kegenera
tion." Pastor Rev. F. C. Gale.
The solemn feast of Corpus Christi will
be celebrated to-day in many Catholic
churches. There will be a solemn high
mass in St. Ignatius Church this morn
ing at 10:30 o'clock. Rev! Pather Sardl
will deliver a cpecial sermon. In the
evening there will be solemn vespers.
The exposition of the blessed sacrament
will be made before vespers. Immediate
ly after vespers there will be the proces
sion of the blessed sacrament around the
church. During the prpcession the
"Pange Lingua" will be sung by the reg
ular male choir and the Ladies' Sodality
oholr. Solemn benediction will close- the
service. The communion of reparation of
the League of the Sacred Heart wiil be
made tnis morning at the 7:30 o'clock
mass. Special services will also be held
at -the Cnurch of Corpus Christi. :/"•¦}
Confirmation will be administered in St.
Agnes Church at 9 o'clocK this morning.
In the afternoon at 4; o'clock his Grace
will administer the sacrament in tne
Italian church. .
In the evening at the Simpson Memorial
M. E. Church tne regular monthly praise
tervice will be given under the , direction
of Dr. Gilbert Ai. Barrett. '
Services will be held in other churches
as follows:
Young Evangelist to Speak
at Howard-Street M. E. :
Church.
St. Ignatius Church to
Hold Special Serv- )
ices To-Day.
WILL CELEBRATE
PATRONAL FEAST
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 1, 1902.
20
- • .. : : -- . 77~ . ~— : : : ; ; . . - ... - •- - r .^. . . * • . •. , j
K2k?«sk",wk$| Values Unprecedented and Unequaled. "S|S^
j W |rV lay We have prepared for record-breaking Sales for the first week in, M Qi r
1 IlC June. For weeks past every nerve of our splendid Organisation has been fc&rf^S
|\ Ip , strained in that direction. No effort has been spared. Nothing is undone. TFwYard.
AW Each. We have se cured the best values in SEASONABLE, RELIABLE MER- & tot of about yds> of
A great closing purchase, makes this ; CHANDISE that the month of June ever brought forth. Sharp price- N it n sd«k and Cambric Tuckings; Just
pI BS2SagS effile^fiace trimrn.d cutting will continue all this week-nnd all who have kept in touch with g£^ f f £j^2^i«?X. w i2
teUr^iiy d wS' «p tb to ?oc°mo this store's past marvelous offerings will admit that THE VALUES HESS % eTXionl great **«?»*. «?.*ff r £ t 4S«
close ..'........ .Etch ioc are unapproachable in every respect, v • - ... •
STUPENDOUS BLACK GOODS SALE— UNMATCHABLE BARGAINS!
• To-morrow we begin a sale of BLACK DRESS GOODS that presents the best buying opportunities that we have ever known. A tremendous ]££<*»*; >0 * $£ {JJ
bolts of HIGH CLASS ALL-WOOL BLACK DRESS FABRICS the surplus stock of a large Eastern Importer bought by. us at a^ea^sacrt^.^n PAR ig.
represents the greatest assortment- ever . placed on sale., and will include all the late weaves of spring anB s «.J« h 5 " ™JS ne lollowlug Is ]u3t
VOILES. BATISTES, BROADCLOTHS, r SICILIANS, etc., all to be offered/beginning Monday, at prices fax below tne manufacturer a cost. iu» *v*
an index' to the marvelous values on sale: • - V . v "v '¦¦.'¦' - ¦ . , . „«-«. mmomvii crrariA RUTc
44c Yarn. S5 H auTS! "K" I S3cYard.- ¦¦'¦¦ affi^T ififflj' tff 79c l^VZI&i . For 81.12 T«*a^ha
usual 75c kind; A w e i 5 ht and .flnlrt; ™th iS.|Ja yard. fabric iM black, worth Jiajor.^.^ '^^SS'il ™-°Sl7i2&rt
iia^i 'giimi SSl^l
price......... ...............60c yard great value-at...........,..81.O5 yard price..... v 98c yard biggest or Dargains ai........uoc yaru
LINING :J- f^lSliuR™iLK ll "sALE. EXTRAORDIN™"""^ \ S P e ™ 1
SAVING. I 3000 YaVds of $1 25, SI.Op and 85c Foulards— Your Choice : >v | LflCG UftefS.
An . ;¦ -r" ,. c., t M a WONDERFUL FOULARD SILK SALE that will create unbounded PTOf £&&&* H 2500 yards new Point de
40 pieces Bengahne Silk | astonishment .and If you're here to-morrow , you will get the^most phe- fl— HR|g ffl Paris and Normandy Val-
Moreen, an excellent qual- H nomenal silk bargains of the season. Included are the FINEST SATIN H H M | . | rans ana lMorraanuy vai
itv in shades of Cardinal S LIBERTY FOULARDS, the very choicest of the 1902 styles. Foulards |fik | I J ¦ I I enciennes Laces — hand-
ra'rnSf ¦ r~pi Slval M tnat were produced by the. most reliable and well known manufacturers. BTm | |y ¦ patterns, from 2 to 6
Lrarnet, Green. -K-Oyal, I Every piece is most desirable attd every one of this season's designing, . H El H 1 inrhp* wide- • worth 20c
LiRht Blue, Rose. Tur-.C neat small figures, medium scroll or floral designs: dots and strips in S g | g v H inches mae . v-orin -oc
quoise PurDle Gray and | every shade that is fashionable. ALL IN ALL THE BIGGEST SILK Hfif MB YgH R and 25c. Monday j')
. quoise, rurpie, way ana 1 OFFERING— as not only do you get actual 85c. $1.00 and $1.25 Foulards. ¦ Ql " g .Yard »^C
Black, The reRular OCj, I bu t the choice of the best patterns at ....3Oc Yd. > U
Monday and Tuesday, Special Sale of B!ack Peaude Soie and Taffeta, i sgf|S»s
Sateen Lining, in all the 1 2000 YARDS BRILLIANT and LUSTROUS BLACK SWISS TAFFETA, 75c QUALITY, | Soo dozen Valenciennes
new colorings and Black, a I . special at....:..: -. 50c Yd % tj Laces at-.. ...Dozen -oc
fine wearine quality- 36 M .15OO YARDS EXTRA HEAVY GUARANTEED BLACK DRESS PEAU DE SOIE, worth $l.S0. H 300 dozen Valenciennes
;rT^W»» ,.,;ri« r»tiilar valnp ffl ' special ~. • 98c Yd. R Laces at Dozen 35c
inches wide reeuiar vaue h iSOO YARDS J. C. BONNET DRESS TAFFETA, 23 inches wide, regular $1.25 quality, sale ¦ 40o dozen Valenciennes
:..'. . .°?. .¦;.*¦! Yard 2IC ¦vi»^— •^••^^ Laces at Dozen 50c
MOST IMPORTANT JUNE SALE OF MUSLIN UNDERWEAR— STARTS TO-MORROW.
Tf i« an nrratinn ot lmoortance and interest to ''all 'lovers of"-- immaculately choice, dainty and well-mad© Undergarments. IT IS A SALE that differs from most, inas-
m.1,.1, »«¦ ..wrv Smeiit embraced has been specially prepared for It and made to our exacting orders, according to our own specifications. Thus you may feel assured that
Iver^ deWaWe felture Is embodled-Hberalness of size; correctness Of fit and every other essential that goes to make perfect undermusllns. GOWNS. W^rrcOATS.
oA« ewm rnTTTiB c A TUT! nRAWRRS of the very finest materials, daintily trimmed with the most popular Laces aad Embroideries. There Is an. Immense stock to choose from.
£8^%?ha%Tfficl&e«^uil^ '- - .
. | SALE BECIN> AT 8:3O TOMORROW MORN. NC ON OUR NEW SECOND F'-OOR-SEE WINDOW DISPLAY. "1
Corset Covers. Ladies 1 Gowns. M famhrip Higi-uass Petticoats
Ver EACH — Weli-made AAr EACH— Ladies 1 Mus- XsfeJ -^/^ UUIIIUIlU Our assortment of
IOC Corset Covers, cut OUC lin Gowns, in pretty . \^l^fe-__Jr V White Petticoats from
faTnt r >°' d hern S mS d ' ruffle; ertlon; Kr oat value at Ta \ rPllPn^K each 13 Unmatchable:
worth 25c. on sale at^. ..^ «Oc each [5f^//K5y /fe sr-^"^ f\ } I U UI U U U 10 1 every one of them has
'^^'""vAcn-mne cam- QQ r EACH-Extra special wfllllfSSf f V& ]. '\ been made with pains-
25C brtc P c7rsct roveS C value, positively V I UlllfllM// ¦ fc^. \ e 1-00 EACH-The biggest .taking care, beautnu!
fimmM w ?h li« and Em worth $1.25 each; made o£ \l|!//#il/ JL *^* of value*- 100 dozen examoles of suoerior
1 7^™ «c On BaJe flne Cambric, with circular wWf/Mr jN Cambric PetUcoats. made with examples Ot SUpenor
brolderj.. worth 40c. On .aie transpare nt yoke of fine tucks. J^hirrf^vli^K d «ep tucked lawn flounce. workmanship.
at • -oc eacn ernbrolde ry and hemstitching:. (S£^S' /^^U^W^tS^^Sv others with two rows of lace I
wA" each — A'rreat vs.- at;: ". SOc each' ' jfiF^ ' *»¦« l?^^^^S^^><Q^ insertion-and edging; worth
OUt riety of Corset Cov- . 74, <^« •i**»jL>^Sv^^^fe#^ i^ W.5O each.. ... . n » n-.---.! P1..I i •
ers, made of flne lawn, cut fiTi-OO EACH— 50 <J o x • n - , Jt^^P^^^*^' hTPflt RflKPT StflPlf
low neck. French style, ex- 5>I— Cambric Gowns, ti^A i^CV^^^ «»««.- ».«, t-^i • OlCfll UUfOulOlUUfti
quisitely trimmed -with lace ."made with' square arid round TjjVl J§^\ SI %&» "S,7l/t V.
wo^hS^SirpV^ We " w'.th - ' — *J*(5IP} * SduT tffiSSa' ™tf «3S You should see our new
worth <5c. Sale P^«;-— j Sal at?.A eMh " : : ' ¦ J&>JlBfeS embroidery and tucking; very lines of . Corsets, which
'::""•• " . t g ,¦-, . - ' exceptional value; at were specially imported
I — ¦ ! T~r— — ¦¦¦;. tf»|.5o v EACH— High das. >..;' * - •' * ** W *"*^V'""**"* for our new Corset De-
r Ma ? y ro^™ r^ ea everJ ' vlrfe af tm? pfice%if oor-* .. ..¦Q/HWFjff,. -.' . Tr 1 -*o each-a ««d line partment Every leading
- -££2£v:££ hand- " ately- trimmed, handsome ef- A x \\ / '. ¦¦¦. ¦ . v . . . .- ' *J> I -r- at- this 'price, trim- shape and.make finds rcp-
£SaSBfeffiH^^^]^^i?«^? 2 '°? 1^ \\ 'ts 01 resentation here; all of
- :75c,^i;oot6g3.ooe aC h- I" ~ y , ; ... '¦ K^LjlSSf? : '' ' SStPaTtoS*. X ** "*" them priced-very moder-
£ r /lfe=^^V*V<L ; - ' ¦-•••"• ¦¦•*¦•" " ately from 5Oc. ?1.OO,
I J« in" ...— « '«^ ll & e 8«oo'^ ft t*S /I MrR'.Jr- >^X «>Q.OOEACH_An exquisite to ?5.OO each. .
I *5nlOO' HfQUfOrC JpS.OO to fo.OO are tne /» V\VMil>Vl . - \ O — assortment full
LaU GO UldffCIOi greatest value ever seen . . /A[ f^VO^- J . \ len^h and widthV trimmid
\>.tt, ,«,, «„ Every one is worthy, very VtI I If- •—- nA\^— 9 \ with deep flounce and French PVTI11 PDrOI II
OQ C PAIR— 100 dozen fine effective. ' ( <// \\ / WVTi / I A embroidery, with extra dust hX IKA iS H C Li I A L
Atf^ Cambric Drawers. - ' •-....- V \ -, tt.1 UU (\ \\\ '¦ ruffle; grand value at LA I II H. Ol LUIHL
cut extra wide, • trimmed with ¦/. ¦ —* \ I -1/ v.\\\ w / I l\ V • " 12 (M »r)i
tucke.1 ana hemstitched ruf- , ¦ . V//v)/ fl " \ VV •.^^.V*** each FOR MONDAY.
fle: actual value 50c. Sale i .Ji aA | fll» <*••»!«*«»¦•.¦. •- //>—-!(// / 11 \ W. '-:*¦¦. ,T~~r ¦-. ¦ -^ \
price 20c pair IflflBS uDBm SfiS. / J / \ V \ \ > C O. BO EACH — Petticoats 200 Ladles' Linen Crach and
— /^^ EACH— A beautiful fcuuluw wiiwiiiiuuwi {;'v--f/ / I \ \ \f *?•" made ¦ of ' the finest Colored Mercerized Sateen
DUv a^iortment at this .'"¦..'-' • '"". '•-. / II . \ \ J materials, elaborately trimmed Petticoats, made with deep
r>r!ce- handsomely trimmed A very, extensive assortment, .... r\>, H \ y^ with Point da Paris lace and accordion pleated flounce, full
Tilth iaee and embroidery; also the latest styles of the best **>! -^*^f , ' -* embroidery, hlrt class skirts: width, regular value S1.5O
a treat variety at..... materiald. at. • - •"'" 0^ most of them worth 53.50 to?ZOO. For Mon- QQ r
7..75C $1.00 to 92.OO each • 5Oc to $2.50 each . each. . day Each vOv
Sensational Wash Goods Selling This Week.
Preparations have been made to do the biggest kind of Wash Goods business here this week, and it Is no exaggeration to say that no such Wash Goods sale as this has been
»,«.i* fhu season Owing to the backwardness of the season, a leading wholesale house closed out to us their entire 'surplus stock of Wash Goods, over -2000 pieces .In all. and which
we offer you beginning to-morrow, at the greatest price reduction of the entire year. ' wmca
"SI'S II|ii| 1 6000 Yards 15c, 20c and 25c IRISH DIMITIES ffoS KSffiS
o«r> eAaciHp wear T for Skirts and Suits. . There Is ho other summer fabric on which a half-price offer- A ffK f\ Waists or Dresses ennA vaTn* af o-^.
and seaside uear, ior orh« <"'" lngr wouM be ha i f E0 attractlve . This season's choicest Dimities; | tt% M , nis . or messes, Rooa value at 25c:
Special . . '• •*¦ • *- dainty and sheer, In a vast assortment of the most exquisite de- I B I I price .loC yard
.. • ; — "¦ ... , . signs; in small' and medium figures, dots, scrolls and stripes: I 1 w ' - V •'-
P9ACC I IMCM RATI^TF 200 pieces Ol this in pretty colors of pink, light blue, greaa, lavender, red, rose and H tj „ .
OflflOO LlWCn DMIIOIU i_ an d black and white; absolutely fast colors: the greatest of all wash "^ Y8rQ PIUTV I UPC I 1UIUC A JL~** • *.
iy»#% Yarrl popular a n o good3 bargalns . on sa i e§ beginning to-morrow, at i IHIU rANLT LAbt LAWNS A great variety to
fabric t the latura. ecrtTThade^X" DOUBLE-WIDTjl FRENCH 0R6AHDY, JffSB i iStfS t 'i3 > iSF& Special 15c Yart. ft Be < s l°?-
'that %^bod"want s (or Waists or ~z 50C KM F(F 39C Yart. gj" %£*iKi3& SS&Sl optnworkrf a nd h^ScheT most ' of
stylish Summer Dress; was manutac- . immense value at. ; SOc yard them worth 20c and 25c yard- special
tured to sell at 25c; on sale af!4c yard I » ¦ ¦ . saI< . at ,15c yard
Phpnnmpnal Silk Waist Sale at GREAT reduction sale of
(Just Like Illustration) • »| i^y It> the fi eeneral mark . down sale of the season _ a
To-morrow promises to be the fTi% ftr^Jli^r 2 -^ we make radical reductions to clear out our surplus
BANNER SII.K WAIST day: of the. |fA B J » tt£w%C$&^ uu Kra . nd ODD°rtumty for our customers to purchase
yet?, when we will place on sale 600 ||H " Ji f|| § k . hiRh-Rrade suits for less than the original manufacture "s" cost
Waists, that for excellence in fit, style, # iy O R» V^M'^^^^i ' CX char Kes for alterations
ffiaiTs^ mf%g c . M^^M\ 2 °- 00 TAILOR-MADE SUITS, in Black miAPn
W^rS^^dM WSm Each «Sm^fl\\ vy and Gr a y) rcd uced to : :$10£° h
Mnd.om.ly , lin- l^ 00 A TAILOR-MADE SUITS, in Black. Q A % QQ
f^d with Plaited front and back in all the fashionable, color?. Nav y and Gra V. reduced to.. ch 1 rV
mssmmMsmsm b:°bs~e I22H
WASH DtiESS iSKIRTS.i at^"JS!S n ?5^ig2&e of ? jSS SILK DRESS SKIRTS.. ? n a d d Ta °j e ?r^ fl So f ° OIC nn
Skir" hi Walking and Dress lengths. 'made of Pique. Covert Cloth. Galatea fy Liberty Silk Ruffles and Tailor Stitchtnp o^dltnw- there' \ln«UU
" . • ¦ * •• • eacft SXo.OO
EXTRA SPECIAL JUNE OFFERINGS IN HOUSE FUPNISHINQS
$3°oo. napkin i for $1.95 otztN sale.of White Blankets, Worth $4.50, for $2.98 Pair -s^rtsaS srii.t.'s:
"E#IV3ESi-^£I»i BED. COM PORTERS. W^%SW"^r2rVaa NUSEIUB GUILTS — S3,
_ HUCK. TOWE^&-2°0 doien J^tm^ wlth theC HOICEST silkollne; eood v»lue »t $1,73: en sale «t..... .^ijjs each M^ niCll -l-Ci IJUILI5. "^
ored n or^hlte boi-ders- r?BUlar value 12; sale ' 50O S leces BOLLEE. TOWELING, soft nnd very absorbent, a qualltv c r double beds. In choice patterna; rood value at
ored or white comers. t « « 1#5O d0?en that wl!!/ wear well: regular value 10c: on sale at Yard OC |«50 each: on sale at «llsn L?+
price ............ ¦•• ¦¦¦•¦¦¦¦¦¦ ; i COUNTRY ORDERS RLCEIVB PROMP r ATTENIlJ.M - .. . ""
Sale of Velvet Ribbon, J^^^^kJ^ %&i&& Underwear and Hosiery,
-¦ Another special Monday offering in For Monday— 60 • dozen Children's Fast
Black Velvet Blbbbns-jthe very best qual- B W B JB18 US MklMwM/M W/M&S *? 1 ro'^'exTm"^^^^?" 00 ' ' &ou^
No. 2-150pie^e? U a? r .. V . a (Wcydor 60c PC '¦' ' ' and F^nf- °Li^Pi ia « , co !"° n - " n
„ — ; - • • 1 ***** ' ¦ - "" I
STRONG TESTIMONY
FROM PROMINENT HOSPITALS
Dnfly's Pure Malt Whiskey Is Used Exclusively; by: Almost -Every
Prominent Hospital in the United States on Account
of Its Absolute Purity and Excellence.
THE WORLD'S GREATEST MEDICINE. 1 k & ¦ l f<
Duffy's Pure Malt Whiskey cures con- y&W^J^ " 'mJ '.il^rtNs
Fumption. couphs. colds, grip, bronchitis. /\ >11 a«»^Hs5t\
catarrh and all diseases of the throat and Z^BKT^gT jr*| &% Q 0 G U^L-
lungs. It al?i> cures nervousness and in- NgK^ B &^&3 1 "to ft ff P Q-sfi^S
digestion. It rives power to the brain . rfS^B C^^^ I 3 S S9Jjjf*^S
strength and elasticity to the muscles and ' iferaSs^SI f Srr^yESSgS SmB
richness to the blood. It is a promoter of l^^BEgrgwTtBf ¦"' >*> ¦ .." — _
£ood health and longrevity. makes the old " =^* T _ . T *
youngr. keeps the young strong. THE READING HOSPITAL.
It will cure almost any case of consump- Reading, Pa.. Oct. 12. 1890.
tion IX taken in time. TV e have used Duffy's Pure Malt Whis-
key in typhoid and other exhausting dis-
B eases and have found it eminently satis-
r~rL' 1 7 =: *^§S^SsSl Duffy's Pure Malt Whiskey has stood
J» JBS^tt»BfiHSsp§S3^* severe tfsts for nearly fifty years and has
<S»Br^^<JffH^tfarLtoSn^ always been found absolutely pure and to
PAW'TUCKirr EMERGENCY HOS- II B) I \s\l
Pawtucket, R.' I., April 13. 190L \\ \ J&n, sM W&mlsSSBVS l&ll
We have used Duffy's Pure Malt Whip- U \Jr £\ jE£&f*$&&*P*®2$kr II
key and arc now using it at this . hos- vk \i_Im WFK&mMmW //
pltal. We consider it an excellent prepa- >\ \^jf*fKj£M&«r*^?*y //
ration, used with ice. It -will stay on an >X Ne3{a2£l~|*S**«rsy //
irritable stomach. It is the ideal stimu- vW.^vS*S!^^fc4^"^^ Jy
]ant for the Invalid where one of this v^^^SaSa****^ Jr
character is called for.— FRAXCIS M. - Ei^nT^s.^v5<^
HARRINGTON. Sur^eon-in-Chlef. JOHN M^S^^
W. GORMAN, Resident Physician. 5^
If you are sick and run down write our Medical Department. It will cost you
nothing to learn how to regain health, strength and vitality. Medical booklet
sent free. ...
CAUTION!- Our patrons are cautioned against so-called DUFFY'S MALT
WHISKEY offered for sale in bulk, and In other than our Patent Bottle, with
our name blown in same. DUFFY'S PURE MALT WHISKEY Is sold in sealed
bottles only. Offered in any other form it Js not genuine. It Is the only whiskey
recognized by the Government as a medicine. This is a guarantee. All druggists
and grocers, or direct, 51.00 a bottle. DUFFY'S MALT WHISKEY CO.. Rochester,
N. Y. booklet free.
FRPF Two of our patent game' counters for whist, euchre, etc. They are
1ULL " unique and useful. Send 4 c ents in stamps to cover postage.
ADVEBTI?E3£jENTS.
ft Here's a list of staple soaps we put on sale all next week
''m Unt^ Saturday night, June 7th. These soaps arc fresh, in \»\
M good condition and cheaper than most stores can buy them. It's |ft
Mil 1 your chance to saVc — so don't miss this sale — if you can't come tf\\
I telephone and your order will be delivered free— South 356. '\i
f ' Richard Fre$* French Soaps Churchill's and Cuticura Am
? —^ 'or SOc ,'.-\ t Soaps — I each 25c |{jj
5 odor»— regular 15c. cake Most stores charge i$c. each ffl I
tk 'Pear's Soap — unsccnted 10c Castile Soap 20c bar If
\ i A blj taring at thU price The best French cistile ui J
i \ Buttermilk Soap — 3 cakes 20c Balsam Tolu Soap 5c box Iff
,V Cosmo— regular ice. cake • Regalar ioc. box of ) cakes /JW
[v 47H Glycerine Soap — 2 for 25c London Glycerine Soap 40c doz. ,11
fl^y RepUar 15c. cake Regular 5c. cake /¦if/
i\A v Re^al Soaps — 3 cakes 20c Munyon's Soap ' 10c mi]
\\v» A food taring her* Pnre and pleasant /'///
\^V " Il2ft M»rfc»« St.. S.n rnncltce *? f/£/
ASVERTISEHEENTS.The Ocean Rest Cure.
Tahiti and Return, by Dr. ¦: Partscli
Oceanic Steamship Co., G43 Market st. •
The School Board met yesterday and
received the information from the State
Controller that the amount available from
the State for school purposes in this city
for July would exceed $24S,O00. The or
dinary business of the board, lnclwdlnjj
the allowing of demands for census Tmar
shals aggregating 538'-!, was transacted.
School Fund Available.
Round tri;> transfer tickets now on sale
at any of our offices. One trunk (round
trip) 50 cents. Morton Special Delivery,
40b Taylor street. 650 Market street and
Oakland ferry depot. •
Notice to Passengers.
William Buckley was convicted by a
Jury and sentenced to be hanged July 11,
and the jury In the case of Thomas Mo
han assessed hla punishment at life Im
prisonment. He was subsequently sen
tenced to' Folsom penitentiary - for life.
Charles Donnolly was also; charged with
a prior conviction of robbery committed in
this 'city in conjunction with' his brother.
Frank Donnolly, on August 10,' 18S9, and
Judge Lawlor yesterday sentenced
Charles Donnolly. and Edward Duncan,
who were found guilty of murder of the
second degree, to Folsom penitentiary for
seventeen and nineteen years respectively.
The prisoners were^ Jointly - charged with
William Buckley and Thomas Moran with
the murder of George W. Rice, a ma
chinist from the Golden State and Miners'
Iron Works, which occurred in the neigh
borhood of Twentieth and Howard streets
about 6 o'clock on . the evening . of Octo
ber 11 last." The murder arose' out "of the
general strike that was brought to a close
about that time. I ". ;' ' :'
Mitchell resided at 28 St. Marys alley
and Askco at the number near which the
tragedy , happened. During the day a
Japanese window cleaner named K. Suga
rented the premises at No. 26 and bts
tween the apartments occupied by the
principals in the shooting scrapti. A hall
way runs in the rear of the three piaces
and .doors enter the passageway from
each 'place. Suga called upon Mitchell to
assist him in nxing a lock and while
doing: so Mitchell made a remark that
A:.kco would ke*>p his neighbor awake all
night, he having a habit of talking in his
sleep.
Atkco came to the rear door of his
rooms and resented the remark. A wordy
v/ar - followed and Mitchell asked Askce
to Ktep into the Wallway. The last named
replied that he would do to and going
John Mitchell, an Armenian peddler,
•was shot and fatally wounded by George
Askco, a Korean, in a hallway in the
rear of 21 St. Marys alley, shortly be
fore 6 o'clock last night. The shooting
was the result of a slighting remark
dropped by the peddler some moments
before.
The ushers will be Charles H. Lombard
and Lewis A. Allen. Miss Annie Gunn
will be the maid of honor and Irene Bibb
and Helen Gilbert will be the flower girls.
The groom is a well-known newspaper
man and for four years past ' has been
conducting a theatrical journal ' with
Charles H. Lombard. He Is popular with
the profession and socially, is a prime fa
vorite.
The bride-to-be is the accomplished
daughter of .Wilber G. Doane, the retired
dry goods merchant,- residing. at 230 Clay
ion street. She was for a long period the
soprano ; soloist at the Howard Presbyte
rian Church ' and Is favorably known In
social and musical circles. . She is a na
tive of this city. ¦ ) /
% The marriage of Charles H. Farrell,
editor of. the Dramatic Review, and Miss
Florence Julia Doane, the noted soprano,
will -be solemnized at the Swedenbprgian
Church next Thursday evening. The nup
tial knot will be tied -by Rev. George H.
Adams.
Florence J. Doane to Take
Place Thursday.
Marriage i of \ diaries H. Farrell and
NEWSPAPER HAN WILI,
WED NOTED SOPRANO
James V. Sands, a leather worker, liv
ing at 493 Filbert street, was married to
his former wife, Marie M. Sands of 498
Eighth street, by Justice of the Peace
Daniels yesterday. The couple were di
vorced on April 29, but repentance and a
second courtship followed. The couple are
confident they erred in going into court
and that their second venture will prove
a success.
Will Try It Again.
Donnolly to Serve Seven
teen and Duncan Nine- : -\
•; teen Years.
George Askco Mortally
Wounds John
Mitchell.
TOKOHAMA. May 11— Mrs. Jane I* Stan
ford, widow of the late Senator Leland Stan
ford of California, arrived here on the steamer
China to-day.
The Scandinavian Societv held its forty
third annual picnic and moonlight ball
yesterday at Shell Mound Park. Owing
to the rainy weather the crowd was not
as large as was expected, but all present
enjoyed themselves nevertheless. The
Scandinavians Hold Picnic.
SLAYERS OF RICE
ARE SENTENCED
FATAL SHOOTING
ENDS A QUARREL
The Judge observed that a different rea
soning would apply to Buckley and Mo
ran, who, the evidence showed,' acted in
concert at the time of ¦ the killing, and
that they were guilty either of murder
of the first degree or not guilty of mur
der at all. The Judge intimated his own
belief that all of the persons involved in
the conspiracy had not been brought to
justice. .. . ; .
such criminal enterprise only went to the
extent of a felonious assault upon Rice,
the evidence showing that they had not
actually participated in the killing and
were, not immediately present at the scene
thereof, murder of the second' .degree
would be appropriate. ¦ . - ¦
The Judge' also pointed out that the evi
dence ¦ in neither of these cases'. was so
convincing on the point as to whether
or not, the connection, of : Donnolly,- and
Duncan with the criminal enterprise "con
templated the murder of Rice as, the defi
nite, object 'thereof, as to -justify -him in
assuming that the defendants were guilty
of murder of , the. first decree. in the- face
of the finding by the jury that they were
guilty of- murder- of the 1 second degree.
In other words, 1 if their connection with
REFERS TO EVIDENCE.
The Judge in passing on the merits of
the Hice murder charge against Donnolly
expressed himself as being in sympathy
with the recommendation of mercy made
by the Jury. He pointed put that the evi
dence was convincing that the defendant
had been in a state of intoxication for
some time prior to and leading up to the
assault upon Rice, and that, in all proba
bility, if it had not been for this debauch
he might not have been - involved In the
crime. In the. case of Duncan the Judge
took a stronger view of his culpability,
and stated that the evidence justified the
belief- that Duncan was an active.; force
in the hatching of the conspiracy .which
culminated in the murder of Rice.> And
that, notwithstanding the fact that Don
nolly had a prior conviction and that
Duncan was a person of previous good
character, that on the merits of the situa
tion as they were presented to his under
standing. Duncan's case called j for the
heavier penalty. •
It will be recalled that in this case Ber
nard Sherry sat as a substitute for his
son. John H. Sherry, who had been sum
moned as a Juror. The Judge denied the
motion to set aside the verdict on this
ground, finding that the counsel for Dun
can were informed of the substitution
prior to the submission of the case to the
Jury, and thereby speculated on the ac
tion of the jury. . ~. . ¦
D0NN0LLY INTOXICATED.
for this offense was sentenced to- three
years at Folsom penitentiary. •
afternoon was given up to sports and
prizes were given to the winners in each
event. The committee of arrangements
follows: F. Nelson, chairman; G. Holm
gren, secretary; P. Swenson. treasurer;
L. P. Christianson, Charles Plambeck.
Fred Olson and C. L. V. Johansen. The
floor managers were C. A. Anderson and
Charles Bonelli.
"William Hooker will preside at the organ.
There will be a reception in the church
parlors after the marriage. A weddir*t>*
tour of three weeks to the Santa Cruz
Mountains will be taken. . •"• .'J •'J^S
Mitchell walked back to his apartments
and Askco locked himself in his room,
where he was found later by Policemen
J. J. McShain, Robert Connors and Jack
O'Connor. A dying statement was made
by Mitchell to the effect that he was
walking: along: the hall when the shots
were fired, and Askco. in his own defense,
says that Mitchell was trying to break
into his room. >%. .
back into the room secured a thirty-two
caliber revolver and fired four shots at
Mitchell, two of which enteaed his breast,
producing fatal injuries.
THE SAi\ T FRANCISCO CALL, SUNpAY,- JUNE 1, 1902.
21
The favomfE Champagne
*'>A/HlfE SEAL"
DRY,DEUCJtTEyD£L/C/OUS,
The gain- in .Importatfons of Moe't & Chandoni Champagne during 1301 wai
equal to more than 100 per cent of the combined increase ox all other Champaga
Houses.— "BonJoTt't Wine & Spirit Circular."
I R&ai LaCB Curtains at Another of Our Famous Fioss Pillow Sales Tuesday. Another Astonishing Glothing |
I Gut Prices to Closem The new <&*~-f^ jlf" M^ azines Sale Beuins Monday m %
£* • Manicuring /fy iM* tf v: and ** \ . jf \ x
>i Beginning Monday we shall offer nearly 300 pairs of very fine Lace Cur- an( J H a j r . JWsf f> jf/S>JlsLsJfas/&Jl' V M B ti^sf Periodicals Another lucky^ Stroke frl merchandising OW), %
I tains, inc:u ; ing R;al Point d f Esprit, Arabi. n, Point ds Calais, Battenbirg, j) rcss j n^" fjLg^JrJfJr l7^^1l7/Mi!#M for June arc has brought US 400 Men's Suits frl ne\V W^~fi g
J Irish Po;nt, Bcb:n:t, etc. , at fu'.ly a quarter less than their real worth. The p ar j ors £ ffi^^L^ M M&j/lS %/ & / SrW / W'$ J§ [sL-r~ all here— B00K an(^ COITeCt Styles, each gar- Jn~W "*
£* rrason tor th s sale is that .we havc only from i to 6 pa'rs of each kind, and we wish to make our **«*»UrA "CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST? ¦¦¦imtiwmIIF'^*^^^"^""*^^ Tl ' 1 ? ment perfectly, tailored and made from --^^'OvjIIa^S^ X
enc-of-the-siason dean-up quick ;nd ccruin. Remcmbsr these a-e Choic: Curtains— not the QT2 Oil SGCOIld • ....hjiwi' lWMIJLl!!^^^"* 1 '''^'^' 111 ™'"*^ liEp^rilllCIlt, iashionable tvvesds, . cassimeres, serges /^\ n^O X
fcr cheap NV.nnghams that many dcale s offi at special sale. The reductions range from $ 1. 50 to flo01\ • •"gMMfcjjjljPllliP* 10 AMERICA'S RRflNnFRT STORE Biahl llOOl 1 - an d f ancv worsteds. The COatshave /i*"* / \ *I I A *'
R $c. co per paii — for example: •.' : " '. '^1— — . lji.'ij j'i_ ..•• I w I 1 II I\ «
k ° r v ~~~ — r ~ T "~ : .-.¦.- . ¦ ¦ ¦ ~^ '^ broad shoulders and shape - retaining Sw-*x I 'J I 1 ll «
fc 55.00 Curtans. . . 4J3.50 $1 1.00 Curtains. .$7.50 1 1 3- 5© Cur ains. $11.00 ; ' ¦' ¦ • " , - - .« M fronts They arc >/^/ I ftU 'I J
\ %%^\Ai$%vz%^:y%&to~^-st*™ Manufacturer's Sample Line Meek" Z,,,7i«\, frA*~tS\n i
tf ; 8. 50 Curta ns . .$6.50 $9.25 Curtains . . $7.59 <zo.oo Curuins . $15.00 ' ' _^ -" . J "- mm worth $ IO, £l 2. 50 R« W JI fc JV. jjoU^C J "^
« ~ ~ — — - — ¦ 1 wear at Sixty Gents on the Dot tar. m^^t§^ Jm^ii f -/F^I Y I
I Choice of Our Entire || WSw^SSSM tfgflii®iStlll;iai^ & I
K StQQk RABBI'S and Women's QtJ^^^^Am morrow ' ,^°^y- We offer the entire sample line- of ' WR^n I r/ "?
<^O iztns <£*****«> 4**~ <&<* &S* 5^^^^^^^^»f Ladies' High-Grade Neckwear - from New York's $7 **}¦%£ Y^JJ \\ \ : %
I &*$.&U &MQeS tor &*€.&&. <#^^^^S||Svi^^^ largest Importers and Manufacturers at; 60c on ? \ \ 7 // 7 'x
V Monday and Tuesday on!y, your cho"ce of our r lpSwa^^" " ji k tfalS &tmQQa Youths' Lon^ \ A / \ I III '*
* fk 6 4 styles of the best Shoes thst can possibly [S^^®| ji HSi W There are over iooo pieces in this stock of this Pants Suits — HW fl I II £
i / /f W/l bemadeto se:i for^.socborhiad^and ' r^^^L^OXML^.^ season's latest nQveltiesin Black Silk Neck Ruffs, Forages , 3 to i 9 • .1 J
I - A if fltA —^0. &2 O &3 "^plolfiBTlH^I White and Black Neck Ruffs, Nqvelty Net Ruffs, y««; high - grade U\\ J ft 1 x
i Cv\l £y&) n'i'rV^ "a rwl* - \ ¦ ffl}\ Ili\i I ; Noveltv Collarettes, Grass • Linen Collars, Point c^^™^ Z <&§ *&f]J . \ I $
*f \\a j&y/VS The Ladicv Shccs arc made of the brst qua. 1- \ ffl.w'wlW z&vMl ' tl h f \r • ' r* n mi j r , , j a * \l c;ii,-a.,4-^ u " ncvlots and . v^ J^y f / \ A «
£- V^y^^V^^ »es^f viciK ; d, Patent L-ather and p-tou *&> MjJM ] Z^M * >' -fY Venise Collars, Madras Stocks and Ascots, Silk Auto- .. aii-woor&hri«, in O \\J §
*. \^k\^^7& Kid, in the mo'st popular shaprs that arc . \^^^W^^Su \ mobile Scarfs, Crepe de Chine Scarfs, Silk Jabots and choice fancy mix- }^K J
i» /^S^^^ worn this 5Cason 5 som = havc wcltcd cxten - i^^^^^gy 5^ Stocks, and Lace and Embroidered Overcollars. tures and handsom: ., / v?s? t %
I ttJzfsiz Lo^vtx . b^« m °^ thi5 -£ -* oi tow - - wwch «- are — y tw ° ; . si jslS 1 . $6 :°. . :- d . i6 : s °: $4. 65 |
I Tie Mcn-s com. in b:«i vid km. Box c.if, p^t Leather and p,. v t vid p.cca =i*r, wiu b: sold »t a wile m 3 re ih M hail rcjuiar prices. Boys' .Three-Piece Vest Suits— For ages 9 to 15 years:.!;
k » Kid — both high-cut Lace Shoes and Oxford Tics; also Tan Calf Lice and 25c N;ckwcar. ............ 15c $3.50 Neckwear \..$2mfO $ 10 00 Neckwear. ...... .$S>OO Coats sing'e or double breasted, with or without vests; knee pants; same 5*
j£ Oxiord Ties; all with Goodyear \vc'.t:d extension, soles. 50c N:ckwear .. v . ........ ..3Oc $4-5o Neckwear . . $2* TO $ > 2. 50 Neckwear. ...... ,$7m5O materials, style and tailoring as swell young men's suit»; reg- ft* £Z VJ PT X
•T : '¦ : — $1.00 Neckwear.*..... ..... . 60c $1- 00 Neckv\ear. ....... .$3.QQ $1 5.00 Neckwear. ...... .$9mOO . u!ar $6.00 and £7.50 values; on sale, beginning Monday &&**§>& r.^ !
t* km u 9 "#* c? i tar «- w- «- - $1.50 Neckwear.. ......;.. .HOo J 6.^00 Neckwear. ....... .$3m GO $20.00 Neckwear ...... $12* 00 — — ¦ — : — ' JC
$ « ys Great Sale Wash Fabrics, Ij£5o3&£?^ o MAM «.-«. ~ r*i~,,^ <zi an -r~.,~* %
i Bedding Some of the choicest and highest class fine Madras :abr"cs ; : — — : — ~ — — — — frdW/ei*© biOVeS &1.OU* i OllCt *
% Sale. of this year's importation on sale to-morrow only at £%€ B^BMg^iR'B'^ E%&£*g*iff [F'zti Ufa B+ £** ¦ Thousands of ladies in San Francisco ArtlClOS %
%' F - B h ' hall their value. Thes: are not the narrow- width m9*BM® [Of F SbB&&* B8ZM(&Bii IT 5§BBlrB&S> - an d in all parts of California wear the MJntiew- 'x
%' c . inC A ' e *r CQ ginghams, but real Madras, 32 inches wide, in elegant g9i<m jnrjifft dS*** tTS\ tit* n pr^ H *<* * ''*%** Premiere Kid Gloves, and can testify to Unaer- *
I «."ics' n ,hanmin s°™«" a " d iost " d ° r '^ f > ard ' >' our cho; " $Bm5Q , $2 B @Q&ngf B2 a SQ Qualstses STc \W¥\ *A.-. v *Ht 7 -.»;»«ttf* e ii.5o priced. §
». a..arlcs>manm.n Mondiy .V../8B '¦ ~- \\lj kid glovts that thty hive worn. There CaWer'. Dentine, the £
K *. nr.cod j!woe Cf'P"— A "'" >ot of the finer kind, iancy and Beginning tO-mOIT0W mOlTling, We make the best Offering in Our history Of high $$S\\T are few so good and none better made •"«= ;s= **lSo S
I LeHai. Fo.?,o- class Black Dress Fabrics. Thousands of yards of plain and' novelty dress goods at 53£ - |
g morrow(Mond*y) Unen Color B*ti$<e— a sh^r and wdi-made s tyiish fabric, 30 inches less than half the usual prices, in most cases much less than halt These goods are SS^" 105 f ° r summer WIllpIcase the most i*-* Lambert"-. SS J
g Bicihed shr e «, for Fancy"' imported linen Eatistc-in Vich "stripes,* W ge ' aisortLn^ mostly in dress lengths (just a few skirts). They are the ends of the season's stock \\Vm '-These High-Grade $1.50 Gooes w* tlc^40o x
tf large beds, 81x90 yard . . . . . . . . . . . . 49 C of One Of the largest EaStem'- iobbincr hOUSeS ¦¦ \ \\\V^ tor VOmm ate Controlled eXClUSmly California Lemon "¦%'
* inches... 43C India L-non- A Ttry sheer weave, close and fine, 32 inches wide, U1 wlIC U1 lJ 1C iai & c;>L i-aSLCI II JUUUlllg I1UU5C5. • V^' }} V tht Emtorium Cream, for the com- j»
Blrached Sheets, for yard ... . . . .%5c The assostmcnt includes silk grenadines, figured and striped; p'ain and striped voile, plain and striped mistral r • pkxion, zsc size . . X
»=> medium beds. 72x93 .- ,, rin- • -hc-lii- .1 ,_. ¦ . - . rrffl - ¦ i>n^» X
* i-chci. . ..4.4.0 etam:ne', handiome figured efErcts nove.t/ crep.s, tilk nn shed mohairs, basket weaves, etc., $Ffe\ B&8SS n -\, ' T ' V-'iT
V Beached Shr.ts, for >1 Trunk fOS* P&Ckintt* ctc< N °ta yard in the entire lot worth less than $ I. 50, many pieces ev^n as hi 3 h as $ 2 . 50 a JS^jjT ($*& «f CZfj HanWIOCks B9C. packages! TforVo X
I single beds, 54x90 ' » yard regularly. Choice of the entire lot, be innin- to-morrow, yard %LJBM *L& ¦ &I»&U nammUCnt* O+JUm Kirk's Popular Ccm^o X
»• inches i/lr- This metol covered, flit top trunk, is . ¦.. " ¦¦ ¦ " . r ¦¦ . ¦ ' . "^^^ ..^* .•'•/•»# j 1 .. - o c t «
j^ intuca . . . «j»*-i, . » r » ¦ ,•,,.... Thu fac ]S f or Monday only, -, jiji__ Coco Soap, z cakes «5
it Pllow Cases, s"z- 45X r just what you wint to pack away extra \ . , ; . "".:.¦" '¦:" -rv^vl ftn*$> R "*
K 36 in., each../- JC V^^A^^^^^ 8^ doth " and tlinkcts in t0 storc '° the ' and we guarantee you one of &*^W^y* 11 * Favori ' T U "5
V- Eei *pr:zds— Extra €^ )1^tlrW^m :^A «ummer while ycu are away. It is also JGk §&$$*•*&&£***— &?*BVWE&ft&fl! EMtU &h BQ &$"% "OJT B&9 the best values in hammocks %jl,^ -«_ "^£^^> '^^Vatc/Tl'z bdtl? X
I large, best three-ply N^|§« rlenty good enough for making shcrt trip S; #8 am O MB &^ *" &lW II BB %g MWS OiE(U2a%jf EMS that ycu ever saw. It it one i||| f^P^ choice of i odon '5
1 S !jt ii b I« Grssekery and House Furnishings. |
»* F i n e ( omfortcrs— 28-inch . $2. 50 32-;nch . $3.QU ,. . '¦ . T v • ¦•• \ ln * s » and " complete . with ~JM Cream 6-oz bottles «
i The w - rmjh -r v ' n f» 34-inch . 4J3.25. 36-incb . $3.50 38-bch . $4.00 j, mw& &&*$££!&& Most attractive and ume:y offering. Just the things you' pi low> gpr£ad:r , wcoJ bar at W. 40m%>dP . . I . .'.25o "«
* Jor.g-weanrg, hand- 4O . !nch $4.5 J. ¦ fc^-^ZS&M I ]^T IT^P ' necd in thc hcmc st P ricc3 - vou cannct afFord to overlook, foot and w:d; va'ance, grace- hjffl iJa^''!^Z Dairy Maid Complexion -J
fc seme k:ri_, «c 1 . • \^^^^^^^^U j l\ II / if economy is any cbject. Anothrr oi our astonishing sa'cs ful in appearance, mo=t com- J^»W \~Jv\kf!£'l^ Soa P» contains but- "^
*" H AUh-i* rlfnfttf— * „«¦ «. ¦ ". '¦ ' I r \W ' (fiS <©» ' of household necessities. • .:' .: fortable to swing in, worth ,-^^J, KT^C^i • termi!k pure glyc-
5 : l^foSTuSo!, A Money-Saving Day in \ J I ; - /pirfi'^BI iPi^W\N ' ' |I ' 5 ° < to " morrow •* 89 ° ' __ ¦""' s «£ S
*: arcie/pS^? 3 Grocery Department* A/ j'll^^^K. •Q^^ >^\^L^^. > 'Ji-.,^ -v .'jr^- - : :<^ "^ g "^ • ~~~~ ~ ~~ ~~ B . whJttem«V*Daa§ ,J
1 '..'. $5.95 W C sell high grade goodj exclusively in our Pure Food \ ;||L^S T r^^--^^^ P/Ieti'S SiMMier S". P °^' fSo 3
*° wS7^a and L:qucr Depar:ments; no seconds or stale groce ies find \^^| aafefiSS3' j^ - • .^ 'iff^J FumishillZlS. 5
** inchts wide, 5 lbs shelf room here. And for the best grades our prices are .... • J ._ _ . X
X weght, we'l made at all times the lowest in California. On these lowest of High-grade let- Afjus'ab'e Window Two -Tuner Oil Nickel-FIattf Two- Sensible Flat Iron Slievs Iron and fle »'*f e J?ot men or boys, the PopU/Sf J
X and or goad appear- regular prices we Irequently mike deep cuts. It' will pay Cream Freezer?, thit 5 c . £eiJ _ ,g J n h ;s Stoves— Top 8 inches Eu nsr Gas itove— Sets — Better than I; oird — Sleeve board /^^^^^R comfortable garment for outing, camping, etc., Sheet ' 5
2 ance, pair $3. (JO you to watch OUT Grocery' "ads." Note the offerings lor are WJrranteJ for thiir ' h :. h '_ d wi ., .„„ ~ squire, periect draught Slz.- of top 10x20 Potts', stronger, more 2^ fest long, for iron- /^p7.-=-^f soft collar and cuffs. In twUl cotton, 50O; Mudf* X
*. to-morrow rapidity and gcol work. S .' ' £ 7 - and a clear burner, inches, stand 6 inch« curable, keep heat ing shire wa'si and J\ cheviot an4Madrai ... 7So and 5/. OO Z*L &
J. -.^ ' . a-qua;t s"ze . $1.59 34 »nches, Mo.iday wo;th 5^25, Mcnjay hi t h, so that pans ™J long", handle works infants' wear, w!th fine j ZS&=*==^[k . _, . *» " 1 3 Cm ' %
J» %itraW Ee;t Easttrn Hams— Sugar cured, the very £n.st that are put up, that 3-qrrt size $1.75 on ty ISO ¦ • .... • . .05© kettles can be put un- easier, highly polished nickel -rhtrd iron, Men S Lightweight Underwear Nice, soft . X
K Hsat*i u cannot be bought anywhere under j 6c per 1b, Monday ... t4 l /zO * : A „ - R . Camp Stoves — «!ernrath to ke:p. warm, and plated; instead of shape as shewn in pict- / finish Balbrggan, fcrm fittn S , comes ia "reta^inJariv'at our X
Jf natS Heini's Picxles— Chew-Chow cr mixed, bottle. . . . . . . . 15O Gzrdcn Ho C --Bes: Wire piy-Kilers— Sh«t iron, 2 h l.s, a regular $2. 50 stov;, $1.25 let, Monday. . ure, worth at least f^^g 1 .... . , _„ retaa regularly at our x
t ,- ?>. Eird Seed-Mixed or plain, the best, Monday, 6 lbs . . . . . 25o S« i-y, co.ton or ru:- A useful articl :> that . w ith oven and one joint Monday. .. 5/.73 : • . . . Q3O |i; Monday, both .. / P :^, blue and ecru color, per garm 5 nt . .59© cut rates at a 5 c and ,%
r _/¦ "V'V Dandy Soap-Fairbark's Laundry, Monday, 10 bars. . . . . . 25o ber ' ioJt ' ' ' ' 9 ° -.wUI kill a fly on the of pipe. . . $2.5 O , Lawn Mow«r;-Fine .... . . 77O ?533 GoH ShfrlS— For men and boys, large f^f *v°% o °° j^ «
% <&&^ Ecst Cofhe— Java and Mocha, ground or bean, Mondav.lb .. Ovens ; for Gis cr daintiest tinted wjII and Hose Mer.deri — Laundry F I U 1 1 n g model. . . $3<OO vSE/ST variety of the season's latest novelties either- onlv^rh '5
5° »inX Beans— Extra quality, Monday, 8 lbs . . ..... . . 25o Blue-Flame Oil Stove;, not soil the tinting . . Box of 6 m nders and Ircns —Adjustable. .. Sprhkling Ga.d:n Rakes— Ful pla'n or peated fronts made of a good quality ISO '%
K 1S:'^| ATchner HerrintJ— New and fat, Monday ... . . . © for 25O perfect bake s.$f. 25 ... . ... . .1UO P»>r pliers, etc.. 25O • 75O Japanned tin. . .25C ««, stesl. . . .25O Fjj K] Madras, with cuffs to' match. Boys', 75c- n' ' ' L ¦ X
' Bromangelon— Favcrtsc-enertjel-y, Minday, package . . . . iliO _^>x- s^,^.^ ." ' ¦¦¦' . . // V / Men's.. . . . .$iTo6 « *" ' -*
*° V^ J<K Monaay Claret Sale— Our rrguar fam'Iy 'wire, pice cut fe^.^}M( Qv^^^^7 J^^S^ : S^^^. —^1 l /^\!%\ I \ Bathing Suits — For men and P ear ,^ Comes to *
k .'Srjs^.>\ for Monday oily to gallon . . ... . . . . . . . . .30c ]) s ' 0/^?' (t i\ lO '" * ft £ \ *\ Vfcr <A «M*/ I- 1 ifMk ' I V^ boys. A larg: asssrtment, b merino and woo' — Town," "The Cat't * v
X Jn i/ C* Yfllowstore whisky— Either Rye or Bourbor, full quart bottles5/,OS /W^A^i«^n\ U <®a# ) -1 il'lB 1 -.. X7?}F^X ' t*(f?- ; - " ¦*^s3 Boys', at $1.00, f 1.50 and. . . . . $2.5O Parade «" ".MIstree JT
5 MEW'* Cutter'. Mhisky-A No. ,, regularly 9 oc, Monday, botte. . 72o W^nOCnl] \ 71 I A¥ '^Sh \ 4) Men'I, at J1.50, $=.00, I2.25, fa. S o . Nell Waltzes," "In {|
J *7»l^r Extra Rtisiing— A fine Sor.oma wine, Monday, gal'on .... SJO \ JJ^SX 7 \ ' (M* 2^ *" ............... $3,00 VaIle y of K «- *
* The illu-tradon shows *cctch Vhlsky— Wm. Williams' Old H ghland, Monday, bottle.© O V^O^C^y XT 5 * 57 *^^^^^^* TT • ' A^O^JvOV * :"'.-' ' tucky," "Little Boy '^
JI our fa.co grade im- Kentucky Club Bourbon Whisky— A wnooth, pure, saur mash, Mon- X&Z§L^Mf (^— — -^ ''^- ¦' ' b B.u:." ,«
j^ itation Panama <* a y« g>l on .-.. . . $2mO5 ¦"> . : .'¦ — m ' " J^^^ ¦ — — — *. ' '^ **^ •.. ' ; ¦ r '¦ " ¦ , . "^
A* Hats, equal in ap- Chsmpagne Cider— Clear, fpirk ing, bottle . . . . ... . 2 Jo Th : s Fanry-s'aped This S;mi-Porcelain 52 - Pi tee Dinner Ice-Cream Glass—' Larg: Size Opal Berry or Sauce GCtttiirV Gatl3Sr > i3S~*'FinCSt* 1*%** Silrif4 •*
g pearance, iightrr in Miner. I Water-Tie Imported Rheus, quarts, dozen $2OO:j^, J.rd.r.iere, %% inches | c .Walt r Jug, holds Srt^Of thin «hite A1 SJ t uitable for oyster ' De orated Rose BcWl.PIa'M-'-Car^ad china, J • - VW -" ' .Y Mtr%
J, weight and cooler dozen. . .• . . . . . .... .$1.33 across top, in neu'ral 5 , . .• . , , ., . .'. . daintily decorated, NOlB S t3GCI2l PflCBSm Z./fS/ft»« •
J. than the genuine. -_ , '. tint , hi t h> glazed, ° Ver 1:< l ulrt » he ' v X' with a cockUhs,. fia^mi.at on .very . pretty . f.r • cut . w^-. jo . dojai | .- . nWIB «#*««**«** M-MingS #
If They have the ___ - y jra worth 85c, Monday . not easily broken, spe- vcty pretty border if cf cat glass, Monday flowers, worth 35c, Monday, set of 6. ... isdsS* 5 "! There handsome Cameras embedy every- fOCm X
J. proper roll* brim, WWrtSt B3ffS atSU r*UrSCSm ... . . . .59C cial Monday only./6c &old, : only.. $12.9 J only, dozen . 660 Monday / : .21o ...... .4*7© ri^^. . thing that b new and up-to-date m : the .«
i» are trimmed with F.« m .^ . j u j i r : • - • ; ; ¦ I \\\X&2£>5*. . camera line. . We sell all of the other popu- .:. . .P «•
5 rood quality black D 1 u j " 6^- * 'T ttock of Th:n-blown C ear G ass Tumblers— With frcsted lines, su table for Larg: Size China Cake Plates- Open handles, tinted edge, flower and J [ \X\ W ffftffi! ] ar makes, and of the Century can honest y you will need with X
K fiUc balds, and an /?/lL) '^"J 00 * 1 * '", c ty, _ we have selected water or lemonade, doz.-n .....;......... ffO C Watteau figure decorations,, nice, to serve cake, or sandwiches..: 5 O G L WmL [{&, say that it has no superior. They are aU ; bl » cIc f«» f^ J€
t extra gcod valus at /[ / jM lUh s.ng ,h ee va ucs Imitation Cut- E lass Fruit cr Nut D.h-O.i foot, S inches in diam- Soap S abs -Fancy mottled crockery.. .' • '. . . ....... 7O Ui^^^^L fitted with hinged wooden panels at the back, offered to-day. More ,«
i« .. .$2.OO I {/ MX we '. r^ur ; cannot te duplicated e!se- ,ter ........ . ........... 35O Deccratrd J.-t ¦ Engli.h Teapct S -With fancy meul cove, s and copper .^^^^^^^ and adjustable focusing screen, brilliant " thMa&ooaadyard. X
tf Alpine Straw Hats | T^Jm^\ Vrlst Vag,- As =n Hustratior one of the Graccful '*- inch Flow^ Vases^Ii emerald green or cmtal . . 2JC bottoms can be pu: on stove and aso.mei to serve on table . $1.15 find-rj,^ many other exclusive features. tel - Ses wS- ' *
* made of the rough fc NT^~^^^| jixty ccd tyrs that we are new showing' v . • -^ . -^ _ Bf ]!, ' . ¦ - • *¦* -* in a Kt*m -'A*»""' Model II Century, 4x5 . $8.SO: 5x7 .$12.80. and a" e'ood^quaHty 5
*: h^ t^ U °°L h^iff V "»^ »'> grae of s,al -leather, hi! TH® GSSS&i* SbIB* N SW G 3&y righted BOOHS $1 *08. Model 1 1 A Century, 4x5 . $11. 23; 5*7 -$16.00. rf do^T" TIe2 5
i Sl'SS a i Vl i irsde P°ck«, is lined with gray ch Jm o«, ¦;***&***. *VS9***3 c , \ I , \ r u , L > ' 'Model 14 Century, 4x5 .. $17. 6t>; 5*7 • $23.20. .tylish pattern and -J
* 5/.5C/. K^^JS^^J ""red metal frames: ani chain, s ze of For this entire week, we cff.T two .of the best values in H * f .« f zen »f the _7 3t P°P u -« novch of tfcc , da 7> P ub - <f no Th* Ctniurv Art Catalotw illustralin* and descrihin* thh fi^. And also 5
I "^ if^"S X^ f ,anextxavalueatde Cigars thatwe have vet been in a position to give. .- Ci. a" '^ed at $,coea^ on sa.e Monday on.y , &I.U8 several hundred prds \
.old at <I5 to$;o chief "pocket, inside pocket, chamois lined, and supplied wi.h patent ' GenUittB PoHO RiOO C/aarS < Flovvir." - 910.UU. , iiii*« Hue and cerise X
V- each ra the Eastern belt hook; our specially low price. .......... j f. O O : 1Ofni*25* "Wolfville Diys," by Alfred H.Ltwis. ' Regular Kodaks— $4.00, $6.41, $9.60, $16.00, stripes, all cf it an X
If cities; very specially Ccmbinalion Pccketbook and Card C*sc— Genuine sea', caf lined, - - „ > m*% / * *%• ''The Eterra Ctv," ty H.li Ciine. $20.00. =7 extra 15c value, on X
J. prrced at the b:g store block bottom, chamois Uned pocket, nicke ed steel frame, a hand-, La HarmOffla I2 J />D C'gai'S "Dorothv Scuth," by George C^iry Eegkstone. ' Ttvelobitie and prinfir? done a! a reasonable cost in a highly sale Monday only, '3
g at. ..$12.OO somely finished, genteel pocketbookj for . . . . . . . . $1.QO | j C 3 fd* 25c. "The Right of Way," by Gil. crt Parker. satispc.ory mir.mr. % yard. . . . 1Q O %
StSrtrtrtrtrtl «»1t««««^t '4W#i*'<* («1rtlil<<i<«« <*«<««><<^<<it k'^i^y^^^ <<<<^|St y<^«t^^ °*°«'«tfr"«til'*"«<y«°«a««<^^^^^ r <« «Q4«1«^ <« «* <<^ d«^ V»^^4(^ <l << «« <« "<«'«'«<'*<« '*<"««"<^^^^^^'a «0i«i« '4<«<4^tft%tfC 1 "«q'4'i«it"« ij^^l i« «8.« *t^'il^kl8S« 'iMWA'aWA Td&ft&C* WA'*'*'** 'AA'AA'AAA'dCAAA'A'AA "a'AAA'A "AA'A'AIA'A 'AA'a'A A «S A
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.BY GUISARD.
STEPHEN PHILLIPS ADDS TO
HIS ACCOUNT WITH
THE DRAMATIC CLASSIC, "ULYSSES"
Ths Northern Pacific Railway Is tha baat.
cheapest and quickest route. From I>wtston
and Stltes. Idaho, there are rood wagon roads
to eUher "Warrens or Dixie, from which points
the trails Into this district are most accessible.
For rates, etc.. address T. K. STATELER.
O. A., 647 Market st.. S. P. - •
PP Going to Thunder Mountain PP
The microbe of tuberculosis may live
on a book 103 days, as has been shown by
experiment.
Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 230 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Townsend's California glace fralt, 50o s
pound, in fire-etched boxes or Jap, bask
ets. A nice present for. Eastern friends.
639 Market St., Palace Hotel building. •
Prunes stuffed with apricots. Townsend's**
CaL glac fruit 50c per 1b at Towpaend**.*
pale blue chiffon creations she graces so
frequently. At San Mateo last week she
donned a black broadcloth suit quite plain
save for plaits neatly atitched. The jacket
was open in front, showing a dainty light
shirtwaist. Mrs. Rll«y wore with this cos
tume a hat of coarse black straw with a
broad brim rolled away from the face
and trimmed on the underside. Black
is particularly becoming to Mrs. RUey'a
striking blonde beauty.
DAUGHTER OF A FAMOUS
ACTOR, WHO "WAS HERE
RECENTLY.
:v> ; B . It is not every zealous reformer who can recognize reform when he sees it. Here is Dr.
Parkhurst, for example, rising up 'after five months of Mayor Low's reform administration in New '
York City snd declaring, "The demoralization of the police is woise than. it was under Tammany/' /
The discussion of the subject at San Jose is riot yet made public, ;. but doubtless will be.
The executive committee of the monetary conference and the Banking and Currency Committee
have regarded the "measure as a necessary reform in our national banking system, and a means of
more evenly distributing the loan'fund of the country, which now has a tendency to congest in
the financial centers, making money cheap there, while it is dear in other parts of the country. J
This condition has been artfully used to sustain arguments on the volume of currency, when
the difficulty has been in distribution and not in volume. Of couise such flexibility must not be
secured at the expense of safety, and the Fowler bill is intended to make the issue oil other assets
as safe as that based on United States bonds. If this cannot be done/ no such bill should pass.
The Call will gladly assist to a right understanding, of the measure and holds an impartial position
for that purpose. - ; V^.;/'- iftSiB
fHE California Bankers' Association; in session at San Jose, has passed a resolution oppos
ing the Fowler bill for giving a more flexible currency by authorizing an emergency issue
of national bank notes based upon authorized assets other than United States bonds As
this is the bill favored by the executive committee of the monetary conference and is
favorably reported by the House Committee on Banking and .Curr^nc^, it becomes of great im
portance to know the objections to it which induced its disfavor by our bankers, and whether
that disfavor is shared generally by the bankers of the country. . ., \
THE BANKERS AND FOWLER'S BILL
When Congress first rolled up appropriations to the sum of a billion dollars Tom Reed,
who was then Speaker of the House, met the clamor of the time by the simple statement, "We
have a billion dollar country." Since that time the country has grown. We have money enough
to throw hundreds of millions of dollars at the Filipinos, who not only are birds, but birds in the
bush. It would seem, therefore, that we might have some to burn at"home in the way of adorning
our cities 2nd improving our rivers and harbors. If the expenditure of. so much on distant islands
be not counted extravagance/ surely what we make use of at home might be looked upon
It may be conceded that much of the money to be expended fo.r rivers and harbors and
for public buildings has been unwisely distributed, though it would be difficult to get any wide
agreement upon the specific points in which the unwisdom is displayed. New York, Boston, Phila
delphia and Chicago complain that so much money is expended in small cities, but the small
cities, with equal fervor, complain that large sums are expended at the great cities. If it were
possible for the critics of Congress to make a thorough investigation of the various appropriations
they might find that on the whole Congress had made the distribution about as well as' it
can be made. .
The clamor is the more notable because 'there was nothing of that sort heard when Con
gress made appropriations for the army> the navy and the administration in the Philippines. Those
appropriations for war were far in excess of those designed for the construction of buildings and
the betterment of rivers and harbors. Senator Hoar estimates that in the last three years we have
expended about $600,600,000 for the purpose of establishing empire in the Philippines. No one
denounces that expenditure as a job, nor in discussing it makes taunting allusions to pork. .It is
only when we are going to improve our own country that we become so interested in economy ' as
to grumble if .-tHe Government devote a few thousand' dollars to provide a postoffice building for
Podunk or appropriate a sum of money to improve the waterways of Buncombe County.
BECAUSE the public buildings bill an|d the river and harbor bill taken together provide
for the expenditure of about $100,000,000 there has arisen through the length and
breadth of the country a clamor against what is called the extravagance of Congress. In
the clamor are many voices/ and they range in ! their utterances from fierce denun
ciations of boodle and jobbery to sarcastic references to "pork." Their one point in common is
that the appropriations made for internal improvements are' wasteful of public money and are ap
plied in many cases where they are not needed.; .',:";¦
EXTRAVAGANCE OR ECONOMY
STEPHEN PHILLIPS of "Paola
and Francesca" and "King Herod"
fame has again added to his dis
tinguished account with possibly
the most important dramatic clas
tic of recent days, "Ulysses," a poetic
drama in a prologue and three acts. Pro
duced in London now four months ago
by Beerbohm Tree at Her Majesty's The
ater, "Ulysses" created there a profound
sensation. Critics of the drama in Eng
land very generally regard the play as
the promise and portent of the lons
looked-for renaissance of the dramatic
art, neither forgetting the significance of [
the extraordinary interest in .the produc- j
tion taken by the public. Mr. Tree's en- i
terpripe in producing a drama of the |
kind in the magnificent manner in which |
"Ulysses" has been given under his direc- !
tion has also been accorded no mean 1
ehare of praise, and has doubtless aided j
materially in its success. The play has
row held the stage for * something like
four months with unvarying success,
emply proving that its mode is not merely
of the "sucees de curiosite" kind— that.
Indeed, one may know by reading Mr.
Phillips' stately measures.
Possibly less' purely poetic than "Paola
and Francesca." "Ulysses" is incompara
bly stronger from the dramatic stand
point. With a local color that ranges
from Olympus to Hades, from Calypsos'
enchanted isle to the palace of the ltha
can Kin?. Mr. Phillips has dared a setting
of the Homeric story that has been at
tempted by none of his predecessors in
the adaptation of the "Odyssey." Unlike
M. Ponsard. tyhose "Ulysses," written to
Gounod's music, was a light of th"e Com
edy Franeaise once upon a time, and Rob
ert Bridges in his "Return of Ulysses,"
Mr. Phillips has seen fit to picture two of
Ulysses' celebrated adventures, that, as
the author pays in a note to the play,
"seemed to me to afford matter for telling
dramatic presentment and dramatic con
trast." The two chosen are the hero's
eojourn on Calypso's isle and the trial in
Hades, that have been woven with deft
mastery into the web of the lthacan
scenes, and. as affording background for
the portrait of Ulysses, are peculiarly
valuable. Mr. Phillips nas taken many
unavoidable liberties with his text, de
parting widely in some instances from
the story. The Hades, as the author say».
is "conceived on lines that are rather
VIrgilian than Homeric," and more Phil-
Upian than either. Calypso's enchantment
1b made to precede the hero's wanderings
in Hades, and the Cgygian sea nymph
Jierself is painted In Circean color. The
later scenes in the palace at Ithaca are
necessarily much compressed, new inci
dent imagined and the action proper re
arranged. But Mr. Phillips has succeeded
in building a play at once highly pictur
esque and poetic, strongly dramatic and
excellently actable. Its scope is of the
noblest and it Is kept wonderfully well in
key throughout. The situations occur in
finely natural fashion and the interest of
the play is very cleverly cumulative",
from the serio-comic prologue among the
peds on Olympus, through the suitors'
revels at Ithaca, the hero's willing
People are . still exchanging opinions of
Miss Louise Drew,' who was so cordially
received .while in this city. Those who
met her will never entirely agree upon the
matter of. looks," but , her personality Is
.most attractive. Her foes Insist that
while a charming personality may cover
a multitude of limitations, *he will never
be killed for a beauty. However, her
friends insist that she really Bays things
and therein lies the charm. J
John Drew and his daughter are friends
of the Tobins. Mrs. Eleanor Martin there
fore took up Miss Drew, giving that de
liphtfullv informal little tea for her.
.Miss Drew, was charming In a Hpht
summer gown of .crosswise folds, gradu
ated in width, the nkirt havin? a similar
flounce. ' while the bodice had j insertions
of rich Cluny lace.
Mrs. Eleanor Martin is looking forward
to the return of Mr.- and Mrs. -"Walter
Martin from Europe week. She Is
devoted to her son and his wife, while
they are devoted Jo her, and it will be
very gratifying to see them together"
again. . . • . '
• Mrs.. Robinson RHey Is. certainly more
beautiful in ' her tailor suits than ' tn the
Miss Flood has made another heart glad
with her generosity. She has a quiet, sen
sible way of going about her charitable
work, trying to keep it a secret, but things
will leak out once in a while. , This time
it is a generous cash wedding present to
the daughter of a man who was for years
in. the service of the family. Miss Flood
feels very kindly toward this employe
and also his wife, who willingly waited
upon Miss Flood in a long Illness, al
though not under the slightest . ob
ligation to do so. Consequently, to
express her . gratitude, Miss Flood
bought a lot on Jones street and
thereon erected two flats at a cost of
$20,000. furnisfrjd a home for the couple
and handed over a deed for everything
so that Mr. and Mrs. have a home a«
long as they live and rent the other flat
for $40 a month. I understand that the
new home was completely equipped, hav
ing linen enough for a. score of years.
Some handsome pieces of furnltur* were
brought from Miss Flood's Menlo Park
residence, which she sold because of its
painful memories. Everything else was
brand new when the counle were invited
to take possession. Now that their daugh
ter is going to be married Miss Flood re
members her handsomely. I believe Mrs
Jim Flood made a similar present so the
bride-elect will be made twice glad and
more to be envied than a girl born with
a gold spoon in her mouth but with no
luck.
One of the most striking gowns in the
charming girl's trousseau was one she
wore at the dinner given for the bridal
party on Friday evening. It was of pale
blue crepe de chine appliqued in large
liowers cut out of creton and embroidered
in red tones. The flowers and. leaves were
placed on the front of the bodice and at
interval on the skirt. A twist of leaf
green, pink and blue velvet outlined the
top of the collar.
The bride is especially charming in her
new lavender silk poplin over yellow taf
feta and appliqued ;wlth pale yellow.
There is a vest of rich renaissance lace
and a jabot of black velvet ribbon at the
neck to give it character.
The "going away" gown was a sen
sible affair of brown etamine tjver taffeta.
The entire gown was of horizontal folds.
The flounce at the bottom of the skirt
was trimmed with stitched straps. The
collar was finished with a bit\ of light
blue Piping, embroidered with beads. Over
this gown was worn a long coat of black
moire silk, with broad reveres and col
lar trimmed with ecruMace. The hat was
of -white straw, faced with black. The
broad brim was bent up on the left side
with a large black, quill. The -hat was
draped with a black chiffon scarf, the
edges of which were embroidered with
white. ' ;
IF we are to judge a bride's popularity
by the numben of presents she re
ceives then that of the last will seem
greater than was enjoyed by thoss
who went to the altar, before her.
Every time a roomful of wedding gifts
is displayed we wonder where they a.l
came from and if there are any left.
Then we marvel at how dear the Bin Is ,
to be so generously remembered. At tne
time of the Huntington-Perkins wedding
a Wells-Fargo man alone called seven
times a day to deliver parcels, to say
nothing of the drivers from the stores.
Then to make matters more complicated
the man behind the counter at the leading
store of its kind . in this city makes a
practice of telling us 'that that particular
bride is receiving a larger array of pres
ents than any in the history of the house.
This, too, makes every bride seem dearer
than the last. . •
Miss Alice Gardner certainly has much
to be happy about, as she received sucn
loads ot pretty things. There are many
handsome pieces of cut glass, china, sil
ver and bric-a-brac. Ex-senator Preston,
the groom's father, gave the bride a check
for a new sealskin, which she will doubt
less lose no time in ordering as soon as
she returns from the wedding trip. Her
own parents have given a handsome set
of furniture. The groom's gift was a dia
mond sunburst. All this for a girl who
is still in her teens and has only recently
finished at school. Miss Gardner was to
have made her formal debut in society
last winter, but by the time her gowns
were finished she had become engaged to
Dr. Preston and decided society could not
be as interesting as her young Borneo.
Hence the wedding last evening.
Ulyeses, with Hermes as guide, de
scends into Hades, meeting Agamemnon
and other noble shades, all with words of
woe for him. Souls of suicides, of little
children, of lovers unsatisfied throng
about him and lastly his mother. wh«Vas
sures him of Penelope's truth. Thus
guerdoned, he fights back to the earth.
The last scenes take place In Ith&ca. at
the swineherd's hut, and in Ulysses* pal
ace, and splendidly dramatic they are.
Ulysses, stranded at last on lthacan
shores, in rags and asleep, is contended
for for the last time by Athene and
Poseidon. Ulysses knows hardly that he
has at last reached home and welcomes
it In some lovely stanzas. He makes him
self known to Eumaeus, the swineherd
and to his son Telemaelius, plotting wlfh
his famous craft to master the army of
suitors. Here Antinous. Ctesippus and
.Eurymaelius, chief among the suitors
have thre» admirably characteristic
ppeeches. answered in noble wise by Pe
nelope. The action throughout in -pictur
esque and dramatic in the extreme and
the act closes with the stage empty but
for Penelope and Ulysses in each other's
arms, where one may, with Mr. Phillips,
very properly leave them.
Doth not the region even now
Strike to thy heart? These warning: cypress
trees, . .¦
This conscious umbrage cowering on the ground
The creeping- up of the slow, fearful foam; '
Rocks rooted in the terror of some cry
That, rang In the beginning of the world;
All nature frlghte'd . into barrenness.
Lo. mortal, here the very gate of death
And this no other than the gate of hell!
Not on quit? so high level, but of re
joarkable beauty are the lines of Athene
in the next act. that takes plane In H*3des.
Ulyeses has arrived at the gate, of hell
and knows not that he has to sound it,s
horrors. He asks Athene where he is.
She replies:
The first act shows the revels of
the suitors of Penelope, in Ulysses'
palace at Ithaca, with the des
perate efforts of Penelope to put
off the decision to marry one of them.
It ends with a beautiful invocation of the
faithful -wife to her absent lord. Scene
the second shows Ulysses in the sea cave
of Calypso, his ship beached, his' com
rades scattered and himself a willing
slave to Calypso's lude. To them comes
Hermes, and touching the hero with his
caduceus frees him from the sea-nymph's
witcheries, afterward ordering Calypso to
"waft him on the deep, if in his heart he
hungers for his home." Ulysses, treed
from the spell, remembers Ithaca. Penel
ope, his kingdom, and turns suddenly cold
lo the enchantress' wiles. Calypso pleads
eloquently to know why he should be
content again to seek dangers unheard
cf to win back only a mortal woman, to
know what Ithaca can hold for him after
Ogygla. At last Ulysses replies In these
splendid lines:
Th*n have the truth: I speak es a man speaks;
Tour out my heart like treasure at your feet.
This odorous, amorous isle of violets.
That leans all leaves unto the glassy deep.
With brooding music over noontide moes.
And low dirge of the lily-swinging bee —
Then stars like opening eyes on closing flowers,
Pall* oji my heart. Ah, God! that I might see
Gaunt Ithaca Ftand up out of the surge,
Yon lashed and streaming rocks and sobbing:
crags.
The screaming gull and the wild-flying clouds —
To see far off the smoke of my own hearth.
To smell far out the glebe of my own farms.
To spring alive upon her precipices.
And hurl the singing spear Into the air;
To scoop the mountain torrent In my hand.
And plunge into the .midnight of her pines;
To look into the eyes of h«r who bore me.
And clasp his knees who gat me in his joy, j
Prove if my son be like my dream of him.
We two hand-played and tossed each other
¦words;
Goddess and mortal we have met and kissed.
Now am I mad for silence and for tears.
For the earthly voice that breaks at earthly
Ills
The mortal hands that make and smooth the
bed.
I am a-hungered for that human breast.
That bosom a sweet hive of memories —
There, there to lay my head before I die,
There, there to.be. there only, there at last!
The first scene of "Ulysses" opens on
Mount Olympus, where Pallas Athene is
pleadirig witn Tyeus to release Ulysses
from the spell of Calypso Poseidon, who
has a kick coining— as Mr. Phillips al
most but not quite says in colloquial
Olympian protests, and there is a tooth
and-nail scene between the two. Zeus,
a good-natured sort of a god, commands
them to stop quarreling, and after being
leminded by Hermes and Aphrodite that
even the immortals have genially strayed:
'Tis true that earthly women had their share
In this large bosom's universal care, . . ; :.
That Danae. Leda. Leto all had place
In my most broad, beneficent embrace.. ¦-
True that we gods who on Olympus dwell.
With mortal passion sympathize too well. • ,
And decides that Ulysses shall be freed,
ending the session with:
The cup. bright Gannymede! ah, from the first,
The guiding oi this globe engendered thirst.
But some of Phillips' noblest lines are
also to be found in the drama. The char
acters, too, are drawn in in clear and
deep line from Ulysses himself to his
faithful swineherdi Eumaeus, and alto
gether, possibly the renaissance is at
hand. Let us pray. . .
prisonment in Calypso's arms, thence to
the dark mysteries of Hades, to the final
triumps of the wanderer in his hardly
tioii lthacan halls. The lyrics, from the
literary side, are the weakest spot in the
piay, and at times there is a little forcing
of the poetic machinery, as when Telem
achus. angered at the suitors' waste of
his father's wealth, says: .
I'll flit no more a phantom at your feasts, ;
Discouraged and dtetarded and disdained.
FAMOUS ENGLISH ACTOR WHO
PRODUCED STEPHEN PHILLIPS'
NEW POETIC DRAMA.
Our task is to prove the negative oi these propositions in the Philippines. It is a great
task and worthy of a great people. But heretofore none has succeeded in it, no matter how
small and weak the objects of the experiment. . ; .*-'*'• ";.
Careful readers of the President's speech will find in it the same form of statement that was
in his message. He defers the final decision of what" is to be done; with the Philippines to an in
definite'future. After their lesson is? learned, when we decide that their knowledge of self-gov
ernment is sufficient, after we do in their case what we never permitted any power to do in ours,
then we are "to decide whether they are to exist independently of- us." Meantime we are to
govern them and teach them. ; .
; The late Thomas F. Bayard while Embassador to Great Britain gave as a reason for our
capacity for self-government that we "are a people so strong and self-willed as to be ungovern
able by any power but ourselves.'* Heretofgrean all history it has been proved that only such a
people can be self-governing, and it has been believed that submission to government by others
is evidence that there : is no germ of self-goVernment in those who-submit. -
But that is just what we, who are now self-governing, underwent for a thousand years.
Church and state: combined against self-government and slew the world's wisest and best, as mar
tyrs to liberty. It was only when man learned that such should be heard, and. not murdered, that
he entered into the alphabet of self-government. The task which the President believes we have
undertaken is that of forcing a hostile people; to sit in a class and be taught self-government.
Those among them who desire this to be done are so few in number that withdrawal of our protec
tion means their immediate slaughter. Truly, human wisdom cannot foretell the end of such a
task. The Greeks taught themselves self-government, but they never imparted it to others. The
Romans enjoyed it for a time, but lost it .by Undertaking dominion of conquered people to whom
they could not impart it. England has never succeeded in teaching it to other races in any part
of her extensive empire. We have; not taught it to other races in contact with us. Can we teach
it to such a mixture of races so far awav?
Continuing, the President said: ''When that day will come it is not in human wisdom now
to foretell. All that we can say with certainty is that it would be put back im immeasurable dis
tance if we should yield to the councils of -.rnmanly weakness and turn loose the islands to see
our victorious foes butcher with revolting cruelty our betrayed friends, and shed the blood of the
most humane, the most enlightened, the most peaceful, the wisest and best cf their own number."
That franchise which we learned by fighting for it was hot taught us by others. No out
side force decided when we were fit to receive it. No power instructed us, or held us in check until
it was decided that we were fit to be free. \ ¦;• .
As. the President well says, we taught .ourselves self-government by a thousand years of
labor. Can it be taught by others? Up to these days it has" never been taught to one people by
another.. We have; not taught our way of self-government to the Indians or the negroes. To pre
serve self-government to our' own race in thirteen States of this Union their people have re
garded it tc be. necessary to take from the' negro his ballot,* which is the sole expression and in
strument of self-government as we have taught, it tb: ourselves by a thousand years of toil.
I v N his Decoration day address at Arlington the President suggested a policy that'will attract
universal. attention and the study of scholars in civics far into the future. He said: .''The
slowly learned and difficult art of self-government, an art which our people have taught
themselves; by the labor of a thousand years, cannot be grasped in a day by a people only
just emerging from conditions of life which our ancestors left behind them in the dim years before
history dawned. We believe that we can rapidly teach the people of the Philippine Islands not
only how to enjoy but how to make good use of their' freedom; and with their growing knowl
edge their growth in self-government shall keep steady pace: When they -have thus shown their
capacity for real freedom by their power of self-government, then, and not till then, will it be pos
sible to decide whether they are to exist independently of us, or be kait to us by ties of common
friendship and interest." :'¦.''¦¦'<¦
< This means an experiment never before entered upon by, any people, and its results will
supply a subject for long-sustained interests , : S:/-
TEACHING SELF-GOVERNMENT
THE: SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
JOHN D. SPh ECKELS, Proprie/tor Address Communications to W. S LfcAKE,' Manager
SUNDAY •:¦ ...:......... ..................JUNE I. 1002
Publication' Office .:...... 1 .... cj§|||||x> ••••••• •'• '•'...' Market and Third S. F.
THE SAN FEAXCISCp CALL, SUNDAY, JUKE 1, 1903.
22
BY SALLIE SHARP.
ARRAY OF PRESENTS MAKES
EVERY BRIDE SEEM
DEARER THAN THOSE BEFORE HER
j^^^^a\lpplicaiionj
\§C
inl " -^ $J? SL* Sit Ik/ II
Mf creates perfect complexions ||
// and prompts the skin to per- |f
m form its highest functions; it If
I I impxrts that fresh, healthful H
H glow that so often disappears I
1 TAN. SU\BURV, PIMPLES, l|l\
B BLOTCHES, MUDD1NESS. MOTH 1|
B A\D LIVER PATCHES P
I / Sold by druggists and Jf.
¦ general dealers at 50c a B
jEf bottle,, or direct from us, B
f| prepaid, for 50c Jty
W Trial bottle and j&
B directions for 10c.
\ LB. HARRINGTON & CO. \
1^-^ Los Angeles, CaL M
Single box mattress on
legs, covered with XX
ticking and having 18 ; ;
steel tempered springs.
.... $2.95
We sell so many of
these mattresses at this
price that a reasonable
time must be given us for
delivery. We make a
specialty of estimates on
furnishing entire houses,
flats and hotels and can
save you money. Liberal
credit and free delivery
within ioo miles. •
T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO.
338-342 POST STREET,
Opposite Union .Square.Two Lads Captured Who
Admit a Series'bt
Crimes.
BOY BURGLARS
CAUGHT IN ACT
Tha Rev. Jacob Voorsanger preached a
memorial sermon yesterday morning, tak
ing as his- subject the "Education of the
Future Generations."
Dr. Vcor3anger said that history was the
A B^C of the nations. A nation without
history was either in its Infancy or dead.
Forty years after the tremendous struggle
of the Civil War we are asking what it all
meant. The men who fought cannot tell
us as well as those who belong to the
later generation and look at the facts of
history with greater impartiality.
The speaker- showed the effect of slav
ery on the people's idea of liberty before
the constitution was adopted, and the in
fluence of slavery and of the doctrine of
State sovereignty on the young nation,
ending in the conflict that could not be
averted.. The Civil, War settled those
problems, not at once, for there had to be
th© education that came after the war
But they are: settled now. California is
not our sovereign nation, but our State,
and the bear, flag is not in any sense co
ordinate with the stars and stripes. And
while there. may be slavery of whites in
Europe there Is no. slavery ot. blacks in
the United States, ¦¦¦¦rr.v '¦'
Emanu-El on "Education of
" Future Generations."
Preaches Memorial Sermon at Temple
REV. DR. yOORSANGER
TALKS OF CIVIL WAR
To Celebrate Bunker Hill Day.
The Bunker Hill Association, Sons of
American Revolution and Society of Cali
fornia Pioneers have made arangements
to celebrate the anniversary of the battle
of Bunker Hill in Bunker Hill Park, Los
Gatos, to (take -place on the 17th of June
next. A special committee will visit Los
Gatos this week to make arrangements
with the Board of Tf ade there for the re
ception of the city officials and others
who will accompany the societies. . An
interesting programme has been arranged
and Mayor Schmitz has consented to be
present and deliver an address. The Sec
ond Battalion band will accompany the
excursionists. There .will be races and
games, and valuable prizes have been con
tributed.
Burglar in Tailor's Shop.
M. Goldstein, tailor, 108 Taylor street,
reported to the police yesterday that his
fehop had been entered by a burglar Fri
day night by forcing open a window In
the rear. A suit of clothes, beaver over
coat, sack coat and vest, pair of trou
sers and a black cutaway coat were
stolen.
The Del Monte Express is the name of
the new train which will be placed in ser
vice by the Southern Pacific June 2 be
tween San. Francisco and Del Monte, and
will prove a great convenience to the
numerous patrons of that well-known re
sort. Leaving here daily (except Sunday)
at 4 p. m., it reaches Del Monte at 7:20 p.
m. It leaves Del Monte at 8:40 a. m, and
arrives in San Francisco at 12:01 noon,
stopping only at San Jose in each direc
tion:
Del Monte Express.
It was finally decided, so as to prevent
the possibility of a recurrence of the ir
regularity in the case of the order for the
withdrawal of the bail in the Jessie Hol
land matter, that the plan suggested by
the Treasurer to send the receipt for the
bail money along with the order on the
Treasurer be adopted, at least till it could
be seen if It .worked satisfactorily. In the
case of another man presenting the order
and receiat other than the one named in
the receipt the Treasurer will, before pay
ing the money, satisfy himself as to the
reason why the holder of the documents
has them in his custody. Judge Fritz has
been following out the Treasurer's sug
gestion since it was made. • .
. Judge Mogan said he would devote half
an hour each morning to making the ap
plicants for ball money testify under oath
as to their Qualification to receive the
order on the Treasurer. , \
The question of the best mode to be
adopted in regard to the withdrawal of
bail money was . discussed*, for over an
hour in Judge Mogan's chambers yester
day. Those present were Judges Mogan
and Cabaniss; C. B. Perkins and Louis
Devoto, representing the City Treasurer;
Frank J. French, representing the County
Clerk; W. Byington, representing the
District Attorney, and Warrant and Bond
Clerk T. I. Fitzpatrick.
cussing Serious Matter for Over
an Hour.
Officials Reach Agreement After Dis-
ADOPT TREASURER'S PLAN
FOR WITHDRAWING BAIL
The Santa Fe Railway announces that
the east and west bound transcontinental
freight tariffs adopted at the meeting of
the transcontinental lines' meeting at
Portland, will be put into effect on
July 1.
Change cf Freight Tariff.
Petitions in insolvency were filed in the
United States District Court yesterday as
follows: John A. E. Shuster, confectioner,
Chico. liabilities $1811 26. assets $822; T. B.
Rushmer, carpenter. Angels Camp, liabili
ties JSS7 24, no assets.
Petitions in Insolvency.
The fact that they are to close out
their Market-street store in order to give
their entire time and attention to this
new enterprise will mark the passing of
a landmark en Market street of many
years' standing. • >.
Kohlberg, Strauss & Frohman have
made wonderful strides during the past
few years and with the full weight "of
the general management thrown upon the
one greater establishment, their Post
street store should show a remarkably
rapid development.
The closing out of the Market-street
stock will be the occasion of a special sale
to which the attention of the San Fran
cisco public is specially invited. The sale
is announced in the advertising columns.
The announcement made to-day by
Kohlberg, Strauss & Frohman to the ef
fect that they have leased and will occupy
the entire building in which is now situat
ed their Post-street store is rather an ag
gressive move in retail mercantile circleg.
bine Their Two Large Stores.
Kohlberg', Strauss & Fronman Com-
The Elks' Hall Association of San Fran
cisco was incorporated yesterday with a
capital stock of $300,000. The directors,
each of whom has subscribed $10, are
Phillip Niees Jones, John N. Wood J. N
Odell, G. R. Fletcher, D. S. Jacobs J A
Wilson, F. E. Beck. E. B. Louisson and
O. M. Brennan. The object of the asso
ciation Is to provide club rooms for San
Francisco Lodge No. 3, Benevolent and
Protective Order of Elks.
Elks Incorporate.
\7he office of the San Francisco News
Letter and the Overland Monthly have
b^en moved to the Halleck Building, 320
Sansome street. •
$3 00 will buy a good buggy harness. 13
per cent off Wednesday and Saturday.
Leibold Harness Co., 211 Larkln street,
opposite City Hall. , •
Big Harness Sale.
AN ENLARGED
ESTABLISHMENT
Wheel of fortune — D. W. Frlsche (chairman).
Henry Hartje, Herman Methmann and Jerry.
Dugan.
Bowling alley — Charles Luhrs (chairman),
William C. Morken. Louis Kohn. H. Wolklng
and George Wilkena.
Games — -George Bartels (chairman). J. T.
Hurley, William Rins, Henry Hartje. Jerry
Dugan, M. J. Dempsey, L. H. Kohn, J. B.
Mahony, James K. Taylor, II. Wolking and F.
P. Creede.
Shooting gallery — William Bogrer (chairman),
J. M. Foege, J. T. Hurley and D. Itjen.
Reception — Valentine Hassmer • (chairman),
James O'Connor, J. G. Florance, James Rellly.
S. Vock, J. P. Mahony, M. W. Bergln. John
F/ Bullwinkel. Charles Venker, J. M. Foege,
Fred Hartje, Fred Stelmke, H. C. Melsel. John
Plath, Louis Schoefeld and Henry Kohn.
Floor — Carsten Luhrs (floor manager), Wil
liam Bastian. Elfert Luhrs, P. J. Ryan.
Arrangements — Vice President Julius Fan
ings (chairman). Jamas K. Taylor (secretary),
J. T. Hurley, Hermann Methmann, Henry
Hartje, J. G. Florance, H. Wolkinsr. L. H.
Kohn, Charles Luhrs, George Wllkens, S. Vock.
Dick Itien. M. J. Dempsey. George Bartels,
William Boger. J. B. Mahony, J. M. Foege.
James O'Connor, Valentine Hassmer, Jerry
Dugan, Carsten Luhrs, William Morken, P. J.
Ryan. J. P. Bullwinkel, Dick Hennlny, F. P.
Creede, George Baatian and Charles Venker.
The picnic promises to be a most enjoy
able affair. There will be racea for old
arid young, lean and fat, and appropriate
and valuable prizes have been donated by
the wholesale houses. There will be sev
eral target shoots and a bowling competi
tion. The different committees are mads
up as follows:
The Retail Grocers' Protective Union
will hold its thirty-first anniversary cele
bration at Schuetzen Park, San Rafael,
to-day.
sary by Big Jollification at San
Rafael Pleasure Grounds.
Will Celebrate Thirty-First Anniver-
last nicht -by. Detective -Tim . RJordan.
They are Frank Willard, living at 12 Kis
llng street, and Albert Patterson; who re
sides wltH his Darents at 580 O'Farrell
street. Both of them give their age as 16
years. ;
Several times during the last six weeks
the offices of William A. Weil, an a/1
vertising circular distributor at 106 Pine
street, has been entered, desks forced
open and small sums of money and
stamps taken. Detective Riordan was or
dered to investigate, and last night con
cealed himself in the front office in hopes
the intruders might come again. About
10 o'clock he heard the street door open
and the steps of two persons enter the
wholesale cigar establishment of Posoner
& Levin, on the opposite side of the hall
way. After a short time they came out
and entered Weil's offices by opening one
of the doors with a key. As the intruder
entered the room where Riordan was he
caught sight of the officer and slammed
the door shut. It became locked and sev
eral minutes elapsed before the officer
could open it and give pursuit. When he
reached the hallway he could see no one,
but he fired a shot into the floor and by
the light of the flash he caught a glimpse
of Patterson, crouching in a corner. He
hauled him out. and started down the
stairway, at the foot of which he found
Willard. Both boys confessed that they
were responsible for the series of bur
glaries at this place, but say they were
not guilty of any others. They had three
boxes of cigars taken from Posener &
Levin and a bunch of skeleton keys.
GROCERS' UNION PICNIC
AT SCHUETZEN PARK
The league gave cordial welcome to
William E. Smythe of San Diego, who is
in the city in connection with the work
of the California Constructive League.
The league earnestly indorsed the prop
aganda of the California Constructive
League in its vigorous steps toward the
upbuilding of the State, the vitalizing of
politics, the reforming of water laws and
the building of State and national public
irrigation works and the reform of the
land laws.
The Municipal League of San Francisco
met -yesterday and adopted resolutions
congratulating the Board of Supervisors
upon the passage to print the bills pro
viding for special tax levies for the school
needs and also for the proposed new City
and County Hospital. The league also
passed a resolution favoring Bay View
Farm as an ideal site for a hospital for
contagious diseases and calling upon the
Mayor and the Board of Supervisors to
reconsider-the selection of the property
of the Bay View Land Association.
and Asks Mayor to Reconsider
Selection.
Favors Bay View Farm for Hospital
MUNICIPAL LEAGUE PASSES
IMPORTANT RESOLUTIONS
This programme will be followed by a
ball, for which Hugh T. McCann has
been chosen floor manager. This council
has given many pleasant social affairs,
but the committee iri charge hopes that
this will surpass anything previously
given.
Overture. Professor D'Arcy's orchestra; ad
dress. H. McCarthy, president of the coun
cil: soprano solo. Miss Claire Madden; bary
tone solo, R. R. Dini^an; recitation, Hugh T.
McCann; tenor solo, George F. Keane; soprano
eoIo, Master Thomas Dunn; specialties. Miss
Kthel Grazer and Master Arnold Grazer, as
sisted by Professor Black: contralto solo. Miss
Alice Kane; vocal duot, Ed Burns and R. R.
Dinlgan; basso solo. Jack Zekind.
Borromean Council of the Young Men's
Institute will receive friends and give
an entertainment and ball in Pioneer Hall
on next 1 utsday evening, on- which oc
casion the following programme will be
presented :
Entertainment and Ball in Pioneer
Assembly Hall Next
Tuesday.
BORROMEAN COUNCIL
TO RECEIVE FRIENDS
Th* local Weather Bureau commences
to-day to issue a fruit and wheat bulle-
Vr.. Reports will be rendered daily from
fcil the fruit centers of the State.
Showers visited every town in the State
north of the Tehachapi yesterday. The
rainfall in this city registered .19 of an
inch. Rain at this time of year is un
itual, but not unprecedented. Thre<?
yearv ago. on May 31, three-quarters of
en inch of rain fell. The wind was very
high throughout the day in Utah and
Nevada. At Modena, Utah, it attained a
velocity of fifty-six miles an hour. The
I rediction for to-day is unsettled weather
generally in the West.
During the month of May 1.05 inches of
rain fell. The average for the last fifty
three years for this State Is .73 of an Inch.
"It is sad and we hate to confess it,
but that rain really did slip in on us
unaware?," Forecaster McAdie last
right. If the weather prophet did not
know, it was no wonder that the rest of
California was surprised.
District This Side of the
Tehcchapi.
Showers Are Reported From Whole
K ORTHEBN C ALITO RNIA
SUBPRISED WITH RAIN
Mayor Schmitz announced that there
was $149,592 still unappropriated, and $7500
was set aside to complete the new pest
house and $3000 for a sidewalk around Du
tooce Park. The board will meet again to
morrow morning. -^
Superintendent "Webster sent a commu
nication stating that the school census
just completed shows 83,000 children of
school age in this city., and there would
be a deficit of $45,750 in the State appor
tionment. Brandenstein moved that the
sum of $60,000 be clipped from the gross
appropriation of $1,250,000 for schools,
which motion was carried.
The fund for lighting the streets was in
creased from $260,000 to $275,000. the Iamp3
to be lit every night in the year. .
The Board of Works was allowed $23,760
for salaries of the office.
voted against giving the janitors
and elevator men, $2 75 a day, but the rate
was adopted. The item of $56,142 for clean
ing the City Hall and the Hall of Justice
was increased by $2353.
Braunhart's motion that the item of
$2400 for salary of Chief Heath of the Bu
reau of Streets be stricken out, on the
ground that the position was unnecessary,
was carried. Braunhart also protested
against the item of $2100 for Office Deputy
A J. Donovan.
D'Ancona's motion that the appropria
tion for the Bureau of Streets be reduced
from $20,100 to $15,600 was carried,' so the
Beard of Works may retain or dismiss
whatever employes it may desire..
LESS MONET tfOR SCHOOLS
EMEKG-ENCY HOSPITALS.
Brandenstein declared there is no occa-»
sion for the maintenance of three emer
gency hospitals and suggested that one
main emergency hospital be more central
ly located and a system of automobile am
bulances be installed. He moved that the
sum of $9000 be cut out of the appropria
tion of $33,600 for emergency hospitals,
thus doing away with the harbor hospital,
tut the TOOtion was lost by a vote of 7
in favor and 8 against. D'Ancona urged
that the sum of$l'0,000 be allowed the
City and County Hospital, but $38,000 was
set aside for salaries and $67,000 for main
tenance. The allowance of $700,000 for
maintenance ana $115,000 for expenses of
the Fire Department was adopted. The
department of elections was allowed
$140,000. The item of $2000 for payments of
claims for services of O. B. Martin, A. J.
Raisch, S. H. Kent and H. C. Robinson
as appraisers for the extension of the
Park Panhandle was stricken out.
"It is estimated that there is an unused
surplus of $133,000 in the School Depart
-nent," said Brandenstein. "Against this
amount the sum of $60,000 covers contracts
already entered into by the Board of
Education."
The Board of Supervisors met yesterday
as a committee of the whclefor the pur
pose of taking final action on the appro
priations recommended by the Finance
Committee as necessary to conduct the
affairs of the city during the next fiscal
year.
The sum of $43,200 was allowed the of
fice of the Board of Supervisors for sal
aries. There was no objection made to
mcreasing the salaries of Chief Assistant
Clerk John Behan to 1200 per month. Ex
pert Cyril- Williams to JaOO per month.
john Kyan to $175 per month and John
Finn to $150 in recognition of meritorious
services. ,. -i s • , .„„„„. .
-The Recorder was allowed $28,800 for
copyists' salaries, on the ground that the
business of the office has greatly in
creased. The request of tne County
Clerk for $W75 for repairs and appli
ances in the office was denied with
the understanding that 52000 will be set
aside for the purpose out of the fund for
permanent building improvements.
D'Ancona suggested that the salary of
the Chief Sanitary Inspector be raised
from $1500 to $1800 per year, he to act as
veterinarian. His motion that the Board
of Health be allowed $59,640 instead of
$58,020 prevailed. This provides for a re
duction of salaries of dairy inspectors
from $90 to $75 per month and for an
additional market inspector at $90 per
Mayor Schmitz stated that the board
has no power to fix the salaries of city
employes, as it is a usurpation of the
powers given the various departments by
the charter. . Y
Unnecessary Positions Under
Board of Works Are
Abolished.
School Department Suf
fers a Mate'rialRe
duction.
BOARD AGREES
ON TAX BUDGET
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 1, 1902.
Two boy burglars, who are believed, to
have been responsible for -a large num
ber of crimes of this character, were
caught in the act of committing a crime
Detective Lies in Hiding and
Youngsters Walk Into
the Trap.
23
Corner 16th and Mission.
A Wonderful Sale of Parlor Furniture
AH of our PEERLESS PARLOR FURNITURE. Our own factory make. Our own imported frames
and fabrics; intended for the opening of our OAKLAND BRANCH* is now on sale at a sacrifice.
Of our usual safe prices, we have cut from one-quarter to onc-hal no reservation. One-half
of cur immense second floor, over 10.000 square feet, has been given up for this sale.
Fh * : -V/V m, ' • ( STUDENT CHAIRS— WELL
t> n #* 3 iTfc tf» *&.1*t4r< pr^^^^^M-rWWfV*!*?**^ ¦ named, for they have head rests
l/ll EI9I llDll^ B " " 1b\ /K -A t\ i\ /v upholstered out from • the back,
A Ul IVfl L/U!Ui uM>~* " - jc' ,i«J ill "1/1 fill broad arms and bountiful seat3;
Wias&toikfJB&Sitti&g&Mffi % l&\ I II I splendid for body freedom and
FIVE 5-PIECE SUITS, COV- P^P^E^^^S^^ U# B I B mind rest; somo in pretty ta-
ercd in imp Sillc Tapestry: ma- 5flL '*^r*1#W^Qja tW~S pestries and velours, others qulei-
hopr.r.y frames: rf-cula'r JX> t 1T s^- ~' ! ----ci*JJ?% v i ' ly covered in pantasote leather:
sale price S72.-5O 1 • . '^wMi Worth <R?»i nft p h -RTr^ re * 20 - 0J val " e !«i^oft
solid mahoeany: Artistic rolled" \\ J* "^V^^i COUCHES — . 25 DUTER-
top: covered in latest design p- ¦^*f»8\ ent stvles of Couches, covered In
French Tapestry*: usually sells \".vtJ» '^fc§K^ velours and tapestries, and built
for $S5. SALE PRICE .JRO7 .">O •«!«-- " ll <? 1 "-v fi s w e well know how; biscuit
n-Knr rwrre iTTrrrTV *,^Sg~'Jr>\ P!^VS^ tufted or plain tops; head grace-
V- , 5-FIECE HIGHLY V^^laX. i — «^ W^ • fully inclined No u=e to quote
X?- A : C< L 80li - d mahn^ n >- f ?"'\ : TJfW , &$$m YW® Prices because we°l sweep them
ffipSted brocat C C °lle ered reiV vSlu' #^&&S^^^ W from the floor, at 30 per cent off,
tlSO. SALE PRICE.. -SI 15-OO S^i^^^^^^B l»\ PATTOSTFTiT <; PATENT'
TEN 5-PIECE SUITS. IN B?x A SSSlEX? differ^? ?r?S
Birch mahogany: three designs; W^\\\\ *~ Jt %£$m&&^&± downtown Couches, as wooden
?ome in velours, others in English f^-\\\ € "^^^Sb^R " chairs are from Pattosien divans:
end French Tapestries; they are '^Vrtfei«««S>-->?^-«---- -*~Z^£*3P^ °P en ™<* s h"t themselves uith
wonderful values and have all &< 1 Kg the least encouragement; room in
t^.^^V look ld su^tance of the bottom for al1 the heddins
suns; always J7\ L^ |«S3BSS^KIHsSK and sowing-room stuff; uphol-
SALE PRICE .S.>4-O0 PvJ^ KS^^^^^^^^^^S^^S stered in. denim and fancy ticks,
A FEW 3-PIECE SUITS IN 3 \ Safe?' ' £&i%8&£2s£* S >$f* ilh 1°° designs; regular $12.
birch mahogany; finely polished 3_uiil Wj!Jr h .--^f^si^^ 1m, SALE PRICE S8-50
and covered in velours and ta- »*•*»• I ItS •SB TTTii'T'V OTiT* T» ATI TOT?.
pestries, *<? have sold thexn here- [feg \m Chairs, birch mahogany frames;
vl°in-l° r ' 230 ° a"^ 530-W- SALE P THIS STATELY P >. quaint, pretty, attractive . and
PRICE ,S1<5<»0 MiniOOirtiuiii i£ striking frame designs; side arms,
TEN" DIVANS BIRCH MA- lla ' CHAIR* hi & h backs; covered in swell silk
hogany frames; covered in vel- 'v i> *"¦¦ j tapestries and velours, prettily
ours and fine tapestries: an 538 umT Solid oak frame or ma- figured: mixed values from $10.00
value. SALE PBICE..S13.-.0 hosanUed bireh. hand to S15.00. SALE PBICE... ........
dS^SSi^Pft^SMS ««¦« — PO"^. Seat an, 1 bacR are upho,- ?£S^SffiSSn&SS
most artistic and striking piece Etered in genuine leather, color black, tan or rea. settees and Divans; solid maho?-
of furniture ever made by us: We have a lot of these chairs made in our own any frames; piano polished birch
richly covered in delicate shades f ar torv for the oDenine sale of our Oakland mahogany and inlaid backs; very
3f tapestries and velours; made to tf ct or ? „ , ? ?« «« o a t v wrrS- artistic; strikingly upholstered:
sell for $45. SALE PRICE Branch. Regular price $25.00. SALE PRICE-... usually $25.00 to $27.00. SALE
...S31O0 ••• S16.OO PRICE 817. $13, S1O
Here Are Some Heroic Price Cuts:
Chairs and Rockers. Weathered Oak Furniture.
$24.00 Large Solid Library Rocker, upholstered in $17.00 Russ Seat Armchair $13.00
leather .* 817 5O $12.00 leather Covered Stool t 8.7.*>
$15.00 MahoganyParlor Rocker, upholstered spring * *®.W avy R^J m Jl^ k "' "Postered in buckskin 22.5O
..-nr* , " T "Vt;; I:':"; ;•:- : A-*? 0 . $12.00 Russ Seat Hall Chair 8.50
$45.00 Gold Leaf Divan, slightly scratched 27.50 • t>««*v
$12.0) Mahogany Parlor Rocker, seat and back flfd^e
leather trimmed 8.00 L»CO8V».
S7.50 Parior Rocker 5.OO $12.00 Oak Writing Desk .S0.50
$5.00 Parlor Chairs, upholstered seat M.OO $19.00 Mahogany Desk 14.OO
S3.00 Fancy Rattan Chair, with loose cushion seat 5.5U $23.00 Mahogany Desk, inlaid front 19.2f»
$7.50 Reception Chair, with gold spindles, uphol- $40.00 Mahogany Desk ...: 28. OO
stered seat -. 4.75 $15.00 Oak Desk 11. OO
$12.00 Decorated Reception Chair. 8.OO $12.00 Birdseye Maple Desk 9.00
$35.00 Morris Chair, carved legs, upholstered in $7.00 Oak Desk i 4.75.
leather 2G.OO $25.00 Roller Top Office Desk ..-. .' 19. OO
$19.00 Fancy Oak Chair 14. 5O $30.00 Roller Top Office Desk 21.50
$45.00 Mahogany Library Chair, upholstered in $75.00 Roller Top Office Desk 53.00
leather 26.OO $40.00 Roller Top Orflce Desk 29.50
HOW TO HAVE A STEADY INCOME?
We Guarantee Against Loss.
Oor customers received $284.36 on each $100.00 invested with us in 1901.
• Following is a sommary of . the diri-
e^ dends we hare paid since Decem« «^* ,
, ber 30! 1901:
From Dec. 30 to Jan. 4... 95.10 , A V^ton invested $100.00
Oar dividends axe. larger From Jan. 6 to Jan. 11 4.65 with us. His average divi-
than any other firm. From Jan. 13 to Jan. 18. 6.70 dsnds were $5.J6 a week. In
From Jan. 20 to Jan. 25.. 4.15 i. "«.!.., r. ., , r <
Dividend^ are paid every From Jan. 27 to Feb. 1 5.40 «*• than f»v» months he. had
I^^ay^ From Feb. 3 to Feb. 8 4.80 or awn as much in dividends
T- . From Feb. 10 to Feb. is...' 3.1J» as his principal. Why not do
Earns mere in one week From F cb. 17 to Feb. 22 5,55 the . * vo « w ia
than in a year in a savings From Mar. 3 to Mar. 8 7.10 ™ lame yoqtielg
t, an t From Mar. io to Mar. is 4.80 '
_ ¦ ' ,, From Mar. 17 to Mar. 22........ 5.S0 We g«arantes you against
Principal can be withdrawn From Man 24 t0 Mar . 29 5.40 loss. -Dividends ars paid every
at any time, and dividends From Mar. 31 to Apr. 5 5.30 Monday
paid up the hour of with- F^a^«pg|| MJ We h^ £g§g
drawaL From Apr. 21. to Apr. 26 5.O4 ncss f or years and' never a
A tested investment. : Sah From Apr. 28 to May 3. 5.16 Iqs£# Ve aecept accounts as
as Gov eram£n t bonds. l?o WasJ.O.OO. '
From May 19 to May 24 5.OS , ¦„¦
From May 26 to May 31...... .. 5.O4 > ¦ ,.
• aE S1OS 4° ¦ #y^vw
Dividends on $lO0 since Dec. 30.
We invite investigation. Call or write for interesting literature.
AMERICAN CO-OPERATIVE ASSOCIATION,
Suite 615 Emma Spreckels Building,
Treasurer's Deportment Open Evenings 7 to 8.
We Want You toTake a LooK
At our shoes. All shoes look alike
WIV-ITTHl some folks. Discerning ones see
)J JpJLA /I a difference.
()0mm $7.OO, $5.OO, $3.5O, $2.15 will
iW^Sf&lM pay Or J ust that much shoe— no
i^^M^l^^ more, no less.
$^iKPiS The best snoes cost tne most
sf ;% vSjKvl mone y~ a ' wa y s d '^» always will cost
'\ f" 01 * 6 — are worth more and will wear
v_ v-"j I longer than the "as good-looking,"
W* J 'cheaper shoe.
r^- J Before you go to the country
¦^ > -/ corne to our r store^— see our strong
~^xf^\ anci shapely footwear for vacation
%^?S^w use— buy your shoes of us— and you
wiil not come home "barefoot,"
—^spP**! even though you wear our shoes
ifsg^r-^J '¦" in stony places.". j
ifudrrr-^^l Try us for your next pair. *
¦¦^•i^g^J LIPP1TT G- FISHER,
. 945 MARKET STREBTr
WE GIVE TRADING STAMPS. ,
ADVEBTISSaEBNTS.
MISCELLANEOUS.
V2 PRICE OFFER CLOSING
Without parallel in the history of-edu-
cational enterprise has been the offer cf Ww%M * W$k\\* 9&1*
the AMERICAN NEWSPAPER AS- <^»*4 ' Wf &> r^pV f
SOCIATION to the thousands of i«H W\WM1!$& H^% .
friendssand readers of The Call. SI«KI1H»P I « Sll I
Such an offer should and - doubtless M&M&'^lwM/A fi% Wwi^s,
will have your careful consideration. wiWi%£* *&\¥m X** '*wl^
The merits of this liberal and mam- ]Ww™™?\ g J¥;fj%3i> :^TF7%^I
moth literary enterprise can only be • | Wk Wty§W$^¥* Mfc If^^&
judsred by investigation. Every reader &0ffiiffi, &*&40'*\& W^ : il
of Tbe Call, therefore, is earnestly so- MW/ Wm ! *W$M ?^i W>
licited to give the attention to this of- %W/, W< %^&fw)%\% '$M
fer, before it closes, that its importance-. W ffl/'ftEf. ZLjf ittII t^(
and liberality deserve. . / Um W *fPMm!¥* ilffll^^ •
It means that the best and heretofore W&M S$ \ %^$fcy- 1 *Pf I % _ 1
most expensive Encyclopaedia is now wfy/l' '^'MS^t'^'/'k^^'^h'k'M^^^
within easy reach of even the boys and Wm'A '¦'&. Z*zWMi I* J' |l
Parents, encourage your, "children in Wm§ ''¦ w ll^
habits of economy for the noblest of all B r^^^^^j- ?.* I unv.-^
purposes, economy for the sake of edu- tM^i^^gt^^Y^fW^^^^}
Just think of it-a saving of - mm^h^^fmM^^
ill Us. a flay
will secure to you the preat ENCYCLO- EfilSiff'lK Wf ' '&fl
PAEDIA- BRIT ANNICA, which cov- WffijWA Z^Wffl
ers every department of knowledge W&SE'SfB W?W&ft
known to mankind. No man needs any | "%'/fM0f^^1 WA ?|* .. f^^- : 'V-
other library, no man can have a better mWM W//#ti'g Wffl, W'^lk^lf-'lP^T
one. . . . W£////%&\*W///A**\W?X\
Not only are Scientific and Historical W§wW%l MlffEi^WlfaA
Subjects brought up to date in this ne\t W0pM, ¥^W¥\ III 1 I
edition, but a vast fund of new informa- wWfM'ffi \| * J,\,\ *\i''' / *'$i\ '
tion is added,' relating to the material, MMmSMl^'^MWi^a^ '•'¦ I 1
social, industrial and educational \WW^$g\ |5 W'§.%* \ i^Wi
progress of the world, together with MyMSmi ii^mAk^'MmM^
many thcusan'd New Biographies not in «|fi 5?| f/fflk ffS 3&)
the Original Edition. WfJtW' |.=1B*15 Wu±-S
The limited number of sets we mMU If 'f WM Hi ifel ( (
were to distribute through The Ppif^/|^l\pI¥s* ir .^\U=4
Call for the publishers at the spe- ||*»?W *PV%M
cial price will soon be exhausted. If /MA /^^^\^^.^\*W^'L-=s=: 1
Prompt action is necessary to ftf%0yWcs '//% U f f'^ Wfi |
secure this great work at \iwMw^ W'i- fl* $m. ~^a
Less Than Half Price iifcllBfflijQ
and on easy monthly payments, tt|fe W'Zr'f&liTz '%$$aIi
amounting to only mwSl^ Wwip- \ *fft%z^
FEN CENTS A DAY. S#B WWWM^^
Pill out and maU this coupon to-day 9fSlJM9t^¥w\ l^f
for particulars of our great offer. 'WB§ WM^ W W \
i The American Newspaper M m\ mMm\ Z S. WM& \ * $%?%h^
; Association,- M wMMWm &%& fwMMTPmM 4l V
Parrott Bid?., 825 Market St. 1 |«W ||
Please send me free of charge sample H X- [': /^j )) ,! / Yf ! m;j )Mt
pages and full particulars of your En- 9 tiS'tMffltfi *'$%WfyWsxW&&\4\ V
cyclopaedia offer. ; I I^«||»llSW
Name , § 1 W W&. %*&M W^ \]MfflJ&
Street --' I |S 3 %Sf§
County... ¦ § 1 1§ Wi ~| ]W^^X
stat V'vrR*"" I i^^K^w^^tt^
WclII BllPCaU* B 31 MASSIVE VOLUMES
gJUBlffWtWA* jft^lg'f^^yagWP^^iMlSJIWMra \VeightK)ver 20i> Lbs.
I When you see the .
I above label on a jar
1 , of preserves, jams
\ I or jeliies, depend />*$h
* I upon it, that the
1 jar contains the g
f\ fiqest product of I
« California's se- a
w lected fruit on • the j|
I mark:t to-day, and K
M . if you like gfcod El
gfocd i y be sure to buy g
l||j LONG'S 1
PRESERVES J
/ which are now be- /L^
g in^ sold by the lead- |jg|a
fl> ingf grocers in t ne |^l
0 Try them — You'll like m
g All grocers— All varieties w
t • SYFUP FEHNING CO., I
1 jk 8th and Brannan Streets, if
jjk p San Franciscoi h
Live in a Trunk?
Yes— If you have a
Lundbeck Bureau Trunk
Ask any dealer or apply to
: J. MARTY, Man'f'r,
' 826 Howard St., 8. F.
O — ; ; — O
a has aprofessional b
H frame fitter to keep g
g your glasses in shape |J
S at absolutely no charge B
w 64 2 'Market St.^
Missouri Pacific Railway
Through service dally to
Kansas City and St. Louis
via Scenic Route. New
observation cafe cars.
\ Meals a la carte.
Personally" conducted excursions to Konw
City, St. Louis. Chicago, New York, Boston
and all Eastern points. For full lxtformattoa
address
I* IX. FLETCHER.
. „ Pacific Coast Agent.
126 California at.. San Francisco. CaL'
\L
MARKET ST. SF.^SbSt
A New and Good American Word.
ERU-SA IS THE LATEST WORD ADDED
to the English language; its true meaning la
certainty, and is designed to mean all that is
expressed by the slang phrasa "sar» thing."
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mallei
on Application.
COAL, COKE AND PIO IRON.
Jr Wtt SOW * Til 90 ° Ba t ter y Street.
• t- W ILOUN tt WU-. Telephone Main ISft*.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
I1C DflVCC * fft Shipping Batchers, 101
JAJ- ,BUlfc3ttUJ Clay. TeL Main lgH
OILS.
LUBRICATING OILS. LEONARD & ELLI3,
418 Front St.. & F. Phone Main 1718.
PRINT INQ.
£. C- BU6HES. Bll Sanaome St.. S. T.
PRINTERS. BOOKBINDERS
THE HICKS-JUDD CO., -
. . *23 First itreot. Saa Frandica.FRATERNAL EAGLES FLY
TOWARD MINNEAPOLIS
TWO; LOCAL. EAGLES, WHO
WILD ATTEND THE GRAND
AERIE. :• :":" -. , . ,/: -.-;;;
The preliminary examination of Arthu?
Terry on a charge of murder was ?uh
cluded before Judge Cabanlsa yesterday.
The Judge held him to answer on a
charge of manslaughter in $5000 bonds.
Terry was accused of kicking to death
aged John Brady in a cell at the City
Hall police station, on May 12.
Held for Man slaughter.
All the automobile enthusiasts, as well
as the cyclers, are making Hotel Vendoma
at San Jose their special summer rendez
vous. Comfort and cheer are alwa;. .¦»
there, with opportunities for recreation
that run the pleasuring gamut from
swimming and bowling to fascinating
monlight flirtations, while the band p!ays
beneath the arching elms. •
Moonlight Flirtations.
Ada Moreno is suing A. B. Moreno fur
divorce on the ground of failure to pro
vide. She alleges that Moreno has by
reason of his profligacy neglected to sup
port her for the last year. The Morenos
were married in 1S96.
Carrie A. Hays has commenced an ac
tion for divorce against Will C. Hays -who
keeps a dry goods store in the Western
Addition. She alleges that he has by hid
cruel actions during the last two years
rendered it unsafe for her to live wttu
him any longer. They were marr.w in
May. 1SS8, and have two children. Mrs.
Hays asks that she be allowed svvi a
month alimony, alleging- that he has ma
Income of $200 a month from his busi
ness.
John Hanley. a street car conductor,
brought a suit for divorce yesterday
against Nellie C. Hanley. alleging crueltv.
He charges her with nagging him to sue a
an extent that he had frequently to lea%'«
his home in the dead of night to escape
her abuse, thereby shattering hla health.
The Hanleys were married in 1SS4 and
have four children, the custody of the
two youngest of whom Hanley asks fur.
I/egal Balm for Their
"Woes.
ASSIGN VARIOUS REASONS v 1
FOR DECREES OF DIVOECE
Unhappy Husbands and Wives Seek
THE SAN FRANCISCO; CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 1, 1902.
Newspapers Are Expensive.
The Lyceum Clothing Company wishes
to inform the public of their system in
making known their values in clothing in
as little advertising as possible; by so do
ing they are able to offer still better bar
gains than heretofore. The Hirachnian
clothing must be sold in one week; al
ready other goods are ready to be ship
ped and may be here In about one month.
How in the world can any one firm sell
about $40,000 worth of clothing In such a
short time? Something has to be done
and will be done. Beginning to-morrow,
the Hirschman all-wool Men's Suits and
Overcoats, stylishly made, in Tweeds,
Serge, Cassimeres. In black and blue,
Fancy Cheviots, worth $15, you can have
for $5.85 at the Manufacturers' Sale of
clothing, 915 Market St.. opposite Mason.*
Preferred Death to- Illness.
John Trager, a cigarmaker living at
350% Jessie street, slashed his left wrist
with a butcher knife some time yesterday
evening and lay in his bed until he bled
to death. His body was found by. Mrs.
Nora Murray, the landlady, at 10 o'clock,
who notified the Morgue officials. The
deceased was a member In good standing
of the Cigafmakers' Union, and will be
burled by that organization. He was a
cripple and had been in ill health for
several months.
- The marriage of Miss Ida Louise Lose
kann, a popular young lady, and George
D. Mengola.a prominent' and well-known
young business man, both of this city,
was solemnized at St. Francis Church
Saturday evening. May 17, the Rev.
Father McGough officiating. The bride
was given away by- her. father and was
attended by two charming bridesmaids.
Miss Amy Griffin and Miss Allle McGuyre,
while William Moye acted as best man
for the occasion. A wedding supper was
served at'the residence of the bride's par
ents, which was .artfstlcally draped and
abundantly decorated with flowers and
greens. The bride was the proud recipi
ent of a number of beautiful presents
given by her many friends. At 11 p. m.
the newly wedded couple left for the
southern part of the State, where they
will spend an indefinite honeymoon. On
their return they will reside at their new
ly-furnished home, 109 Twenty-seventh
street, this city, where they will always
be pleased to receive their many friend3.
Those present at the wedding were: Mr.
and Mrs. Losekann, Mr. and Mrs. Griffin,
Mr. and Mrs. - Bacigalupi, Mrs. Nelson,
Mrs. Phillips, the Misses McFeeley, Amv
Griffin, Allle, Llllie and Kate McGuyre,
Alice and Emma Donohy, Nettle Willits,
Myretta Dykes. Mamie Phillips, LouHe
Eckman, Ina Collins and Margaret Gar
ret; Master W. Griffin, Messrs. George
,and Gustave Losekann, W. and M. Moye,
J. Losekann Jr., Edward Trewin, G. Eck
mann and M. Donohy.
J * * *
Miss Edna Ellert returned from Switz
erland yesterday and is at the home of
her mother, Mrs. | Ed. McLaughlln, 2005
Mission street.
Miss Josephine Welisch left yesterday to
spend the summer in Los Angeles.
Mr. and Mrs. John F. Mues have
changed their place of residence from. S33
Hyde street to 3124 Fulton street. At
home first Thursday.
Mrs. Isabella Sanderson, Miss Grace
Sstn-lerson and Miss Daisy Beall have
gone to Hotel Belvedere for the -summer
months.
Mrs. Joseph Herrscher will resume her
second Sunday afternoons of every month
during the summer at her country home
in San Leandro. . ' »
Miss Lola O'Brien bas gone to the
Grand Canyon, Colorado, on an extended
vucatldn.
Miss Lena Jonas of 1515% Ellis street
leaves for the Santa Cruz Mountains for
the month of June.
- Mrs. . I. Reinhertz has removed to 1435
Q'Farrell street.
Mrs. William KHhger will be at home
the first Friday in the month at 120 Lyon
street.
Mr. and Mrs. E. Pinto. 1419 Scott street,
announce the confirmation (barmltzvah)
of their son Julian . at the Geary-street
; Temple on; Saturday, June 7. At home
S Sunday. June 8. from 2 to 5 p. m.
| - Loren E. Cummlngs of this city left yesterday
i for a six weeks' • trip to the Yosemlte Valley.
The marriage was- followed by a recep
tion and supper at the home of the bride's
parents, 603 Baker street, to which about
fifty relatives and intimate friends were
invited. The house was decorated in
Bride roses and orange blossoms, tied
with white tulle and Interspersed with
asparagus fern. The celling of the draw
ing-room was concealed by a fishnet, in
which were caught many orange blossoms.
After supper and congratulations Dr. and
Mrs. Preston left on their wedding trip,
but their destination was not confided to
any Inquiring friends. The couple will re
side in San Francisco, as the groom Is
connected with the • Crocker- Woolworth
Bank.
The wedding of Miss Alice Gardner and
Dr. Myers Albert Preston at Trinity Epis
copal Church last evening was an inter
esting and elaborate affair. The church
was filled with friends of the young
couple. The ' gayly attired guests and
bridal party contributed much beauty to
the scene. The floral decorations were
simple, consisting i of palms and white
roses at the altar. Rev. Clampett per
formed the ceremony. The bride was at
tended by her sister, Miss Bertha Gardner,
maid of honor; Miss Nellie Lyons, Miss
Estelle^Patiani and Miss Grace Foulds,
bridesmaids, and Miss Ethel Gregg, ring
bearer! Frank \Jones acted as best man.
C. F. Gardner, the father of the bride,
gave her. into the keeping of the groom.
The ushers were Messrs. Lloyd Horton,
Robert Altken and J. Carpenter. Ex-Sen
ator E. M. Preston the groom's father,
came down from Nevada City and was
present at the wedding. It was a white
wedding. The bride was charmingly at
tired in a bridal robe of cream French
lace over white chiffon and silk, with a
deep yoke and puffed sleeves of accordion
plaited tulle. The bodice and sleeves had
pearl garniture. A long lilmy veil of
white tulle was caught in the hair wltn
fresh orange blossoms. The bride carried
a sliower bouquet of lilies of the valley,
tied with white tulle. *She wore no jewels.
The maid of honor wore white mous
seline de sole tucked diagonally over silk,
with Valenciennes lace. The bridesmaids
all wore gowns of white satin ribbon, set
together with a herringbone stitch, and
bands of organdie. All had half veils of
tulle and carried an armful of American
Beauty roses with long stems. The ring
bearer was daintily attired fn white mous
seline de sole over silk.
Mrs. Gardner was becomingly gowned in
black satin with a pale blue garniture.
MISS GARDNER
IS WEDDED TO
YOUNG BANKER
Morton L. Cook has left the city for a
visit to Del Monte and will shortly tour *the
Yoiemite Valley.
Mrs. M. L. Shai-pe has left for her home In
Baltimore with the remains ot her daughter.
Goldie, who died recently.
Mrs. L. H. Levy of 1257 Clay street has dis
continued her day at home for the summer
months.
Miss Heymanson, who has been making an
extended tour of the world, is now visiting
her sister, Mrs. Pauline Levy, 1032 Ellis street,
prior to her return to the Antipodes. At home
on Sunday, 2 to 5.
Mrs. Young and daughter. Miss Cecil, are
leaving their home. Ill Sixth avenue, for the
summer. They will visit Los Angeles on their
way to San Diego, where they will remain un
til Mr. Young returns from Alaska and then
will proceed to Seattle to meet him.
Mrs. H. Herzer and daughter. Miss Belle,
have returned to San Francisco from a visit
to Sacramento.
Miss Doris Heuer la visiting in Sacramento
as the guest of Miss Helen Peterson.
March. "Viceroy" (Herbert): overture "Un
rarfsche Z^ustspiel" (Keler Bela) ; potpourri
"Nach Benihmten Mustern" (Resch); galop'
"Bum Bum" (Parlow); selection, "The Bohe
mian Girl" (Balfe); overture, "Euryanthe"
(Weber); clarionet solo (selected), E. W. Kent
"Hungarian Dances" (Brahms) ; "Headllner
Medley" (popular songs); selection, • "Ernani"
(Verdi); "Hail Columbia." •
"Star-Spangled Banner."
The programme of music at the park
to-day under the leadership of Paul Stein
dorff will be as follows:
Music Programme at Park.
NEW YORK, May 31.— The following
Calif ornians have arrived:
San Francisco— J. M. Calloway, at the
Marlborough; P. Brady, at the Victoria;
Mrs. L. H. Curtis, at the St. Denis- T
Easland. at the Manhattan; C. O. Esterly
C. Esterly, at the New Amsterdam; H
,Faymonville. at the Holland; S. C. HM
dreth, at "the Vendome; C. A. Hitchcock
at the Cosmopolitan; F. L. Rankin, at the
Sturtevant; J. W. Stetson and wife, at
the Hoffman; R. Tibbits and wife, at the
Imperial. :
Los Angeles — P. M. Bradshaw, at the
Vendome; P. H. Lyman, at the Park
avenue; Dr. R. Weringh, at the Plaza-
San Diego— J. Schiller, at the Nor
mandie.
Santa Barbara— H. R. Vail, at the Ven
dome. •
Calif oroians in New York.
W. P. Dougherty, a well-known busi
ness man of San Jose, is at the Lick, ac
companied by his family.
Sidney Smith, a well-known resident of
Marshfield, Or.. Is among the arrivals at
the Lick.
E. H. Adams has returned from an ex
tended tour of the East and is at the
Lick. . > . :
V. Gibson of Los Angeles is a guest at
the Lick.
F. R. Devlin, an attorney of Vallelo is
registered at the Grand.
G. W. Gibson of Williams Is spending a
few days at the Grand.
PERSONAL MENTION.
Claims He Was Eobbad.
Edmond Lang, a discharged soldier liv
ing at the Cosmopolitan Hotel, was found
staggering around near the hotel early
yesterday morning with his nose bleed
ing profusely. He said he had been as
saulted and robbed of $65, but he did not
know where or by whom. He was sent
to the Central Emergency Hospital,
where it was discovered that his nose was
fractured. He was locked up on a charge
of being drunk. At the hotel it was stat
ed that Lang had on deposit there an or
der on the Wells-Fargo Bank for $45.
The builders 1 association will decide
upon a plan of settlement, which it is
hoped will be satisfactory to both fac
tions. This will probably be agreed upon
before to-morrow night and finally sub
mitted to the councils engaged In the
struggle.
The Building Trades Council is anx
ious to settle the war by. allowing the
carpenters to vote on the " rescission of
the objectionable clause in the"' constitu
tion which prohibits affiliated unions from
belonging to any other central body. The
brotherhood men say they are willing to
do this, provided only brotherhood meri
are allowed to vote. As Union 22, which
has remained loyal to the . council
throughout the fight and has been sus
pended by the brotherhood, -would thus
be debarred from voting, the council ob
jects to the plan.
A well attended meeting of the Build
ers' Protective Association was held last
night, at which the carpenters" contro
versy and its settlement were discussed at
length. Several committees from the dis
trict council of the brotherhood and the
Building Trades Council were in attend
ance and gave their views concerning the
proposition advanced by the latter body
to refer the matter to a majority vote of
the carpenters themselves.
Gradually Nearing
Success. .
Efforts to Settle Carpenters' War Are
BUILDERS DISCUSS
PLANS FOB PEACE
Blaisdell Is expected to defend his right
to retain possession of about $7500 worth
of property ¦ he bought for his wife. ' •
Immediately upon his rise to wealth
"Dicky" ceased to know some of his old
associates, and since then he has culti
vated new acquaintances, especially in
the California Club. The financial and
other differences between these young
persons have stirred up a civil war be
tween their respective families.
Mrs. Margaret Gertrude Blaisdell "inher
ited more than a half-million dollars
from her father. Charles Gossage. -who at
the time of his death, about fifteen or
twenty years ago, was a dry goods mer
chant prince of Chicago— a business rival
of Marshall Field. Mrs. Blaisdell tells her
intimates that "Dicky" has "blown in"
at least half of her fortune and has added
nothing to It.
The young Mr. Blaisdell has not pre
tended to do any business since he mar
ried the wealthy heiress in San Francisco
some years ago. By that stroke of good
luck he rose from a clerk in an insurance
office to the ostensible possessor of a
half-million. Anyway he got a wife who
had that much.
LOS ANGELES, May 31.— Society circles
are shocked by disclosures of domestic
infelicity in the home of a couple distin
guished in the local "400." The suit of
Mrs. Margaret Gertrude Blaisdell to re
strain Ricnard P. Blaisdell from transfer
ring certain property that was bought
with part of the wife's patrimony was sim
ply tne iirst formal action in tne exploit
ing of the family differences. In fact, it
is said by persons who are In a position
to know that the young couple parted
company a year ago, the wife taking her
baby. The time that has since elapsed
has been passed by her in Chicago and
San Francisco, while "Dicky" has lin
ger<-d here. And, what is more, say the
gossips, Mrs. Blaisdell and the baby had
been away two month;; before the hus
band and father could .ascertain their
whereabouts.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The secretary of the late Mayor made a prac
tice of selling; permits and of extorting money
for remittances of fines in criminal cases
The charter of the city provides that no mem
bers of the ABsembly or city official shall be
Interested directly or indirectly in city con
tracts, or in furnishing supplies to the city
This beneficent law is. we find/ most grossly
violated by members of the Municipal Assem
bly.
It is in evidence before us that a former col
lector of the city of St. Louis who was after
ward Mayor, received interest on public funds
for his own private account. The sum so re
ceived was something' over Si:!, 000. which with
Interest to date, would amount to about S20 O<i0
Any possible criminal charge arising out of this
conduct has been barred by the statute of limi
tations, which unfortunately is three years A
civil action to recover the money however
can still be brought, and we understand it will
be instituted. - ¦;•:•
These disclosures make plain that the tax
payers of St. Louis have been mercilessly and
pitilessly outraged for years, that the money
they have paid in taxes has been squandered
instead of being used for public welfare it has
bttn feloniously dissipated and benefited' chiefly
corrupt officials, who have grown opulent on
small salaries.
While there may have been corruption in
other cities as great as we have had here, yet
in no r> lace in the world and at no time known
to history has so much official corruption been
uncovered and the evidence shown so that all
could see and understand. These revelations
have been so appalling as to be almost beyond
belief, and It will be years before the extent
of the discoveries is fully realized.
If the affairs of St. Louis had been properly
administered for the past fifteen years, and If
all officials -had been honest, there would to
day be enough money In the treasury to put
public buildings in repair, pave the streets that
are now unpaved, malre sewers that are now
unmade and build new buildings eo much need
ed. The high tax rate, the deplorable condition
of public institutions, the depleted state of the
city treasury are a heritage left by officials
who have proved traitors to the interests of the
people and have trafficked In their votes, in
fluence and official actions, to the city's detri
ment.
ST. LOUIS. Mo., May 31.— The April
Grand Jury, which has been investigating
municipal corruption with the assistance
of Circuit Attorney Joseph W. Folk,
made its final report to-day to Judge
Douglas. The report says:
Domestic Woes of the
Blaisdelis Will Be
Aired.
Revelations in St. Louis
Astonish the In
vestigators.
ROMANCE ENDS
IN A LAWSUIT
JURY MARVELS
AT CORRUPTION
: These pensions were granted: California
—Original— William A. Caruthers, Jami
son, $6; Joseph F. Townsend, San Fran
cifico, $8. War with Spain— Dan Berry
Butler, Tomales, $8. Increase— William W.
Buchanan, Veterans' Horns, Napa, $12;
Alonzo 'freest, Pleasanton, $10; Timothy
Sullivan, Soldiers*; Home, Los Angeles,
$12; Andrew J. Hull, Napa. $12; William
T F. Smith, Napa, $10; Hiram Allen, Clo
verdale $i. Widows— Jennie Probst, Los
Artgeles', $8. Mexican war— Frances Gast,
West Berkeley, $8.
Oregon— Original — Matthew Stewart,
Talent, $10. Widows Mexican war—Eliza
beth C. Zumwalt, Port Orford, $8.
Washington— Increase— Terrence McNul.
ty Seattle, $8; Davisson Filson, Kent, $10;
Alexander Kennell, Tacoma. $12. Mexican
war— Samuel F. Sherwood, Colville, $12.
Widows— Jane Axford, South Bend, $8.
Army orders announce that Major
James S. Wilson, surgeon, will come from
the Philippines to. San Francisco, where
he will wait further orders. First Lieu
tenant Walter L. Clarke, Signal Corps, is
ordered from San Francisco to Washing
ton, D. C. ;?¦;;
"WASHINGTON, May'3L— The Postofflce
Department to-day announced: Postof
fice established: Wahlngton— Trinidad,
Douglas County. Postmasters commis*
sioned: California— Abraham L. Matthew,
Wildomer; William D. Watson, Boralma.
Oregon— James W. Gilmore, Murphy.
"Washington— Kdwain F. Bensan, Trini
dad. Postmasters appaointed: Oregon — U.
S. Sutherland,' Glentena, Lane County,
vice J. U. Sutherland, resigned. Wash
ington—P. E. Cameron, Western, Chehalis
County, vice J. L.^Phillips, resigned.
and More New Pensions
• : Wf Granted. «¦!
Changes Made in the Postal Service
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
JOHN L. HERGET, founder of Gold
en Gate Aerie of the Fraternal Or
der of Eagles, and Dr. T. B. W.
Leland, junior past' president of
the aerie, left Friday for Min
neapolis to attend the Grand Aerie.
Golden Gate Aerie was organized two
years ago, with sixty-five charter mem
bers. It now has a mfmbership of 38'J,
with ninety-six applications in the hands
of the committees on investigation. The
growth of this: aerie, which has on it3
membership roll the names of many of
the most prominent citizens of the city,
is due in a great measure to the energetic
efforts of Messrs. Mitchell and Leland,
who were selected to go to the grand
body in recognition of their good work.
Herget is one of the grand organizers
of the order for California. He was re
cently chosen chairman of the committee
that is arranging for the celebration of
the Fourth of July, to be held in Napa
City. About 200 members of the aerie will
take part in the parade. They will wear
special uniform and will carry their
screaming eagle with them to Napa.
The following have been selected by
Golden Gate Aerie ' to carry into effect
the Fourth of July; programme: W. \V.
Shannon, M. C. Moganson, \V. J. Sur
ryhne, Edward Murphy, James P. Dock
ery, Oscar Abben.M. J. Killgallon, Jesse
E. Marks, J, T. Kelleher^ Theodore Lun
stedt. T. J. Gallagher, John C. Wonder
anO C. C. Ryder. :-, ,
The members of Golden Gate Aerie will
tender the delegates a reception and pos
sibly a banquet on their return from Min
neapolis.
Organizer of Golden Gate Aerie and the
Junior Past President Are oh Their Way
East to Attend "Meeting of Grand Body
24
. £an Francisco, Sunday, 1 June, 1902. .
For the dining room
A small buffet, but mighty useful at the table side
when serving or in a bachelor's apartment. Measures
36 inches wide by 42 inches high. Contains a large
drawer with rounding front, and has a bit of carving on
ecch end. In golden oak, dull finish and "weathered"
oak. £17.50. First floor.
Tapestry couch covers in Savajo patterns. Sixty
inches wide and double faced.- Price 555.00. A couch
cover that you would willingly pay more for.
Connected with our drapery department is a make-
to-crder department, where curtains, draperies and hang-
ings are made according to your ideas or those submitted
by us. Competent and experienced people are in charge
and you can depend upon them for the proper effect in
colorings and arrangement. Suggestions cheerfully
given with no obligation to buy entailed.
(Successors to California Furniture Co.)
957 to 977 Market Street, Opp. Golden Gate Avenue.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVEBTISEMENTfe.
ADVEBT1S1<3£52TT3.
ADVEETISEMENTS.
Free trial packages of a most remarka-
blo remedy are being mailed to all who
¦will write to the fatate Medical Institute
They cured so many men who had bat-
tled for years against the mental and
physical sufferings of. lost manhood that
the Institute has decided to distribute toee
trial packages to 'all who write, it i« u
home treatment , ana ail men who suf-
fer from any form of sexual weakness
resulting from youth.ul -oily, premature
loss of, strength and^emory, weak tack
varicocele or emaciation of parts caii
now cure themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act di-
rect to the desired, location, giving
strength and development just where *
is needed.. It cures all the Ills and trou-
bles that come from years of misuse of
vhe natural functions and has been an
absolute success in all cases. A request
io the State Medical Institute, 32S £Fek-
vron building, Fort Wayne, Ind., stat-
ing that you desire one of their free trial
packages, will be complied with prompt-
ly. .The institute is desirous of reaching
that great class of men who are un-
able to leave home to be treated, and
the free samples will enable them to see
how easy it is to be cured of sexual
weakness when the proper remedies are
employed. The institute makes no restric-
tions. Any man who writes will be sent
a free sample; carefully sealed in a plain
package, so that its recipient need have
no fear of embarrassment or publicity.
Readers are requested to write without
delay. ...
to All Who Write.
A Free Trial Package Sent by Hall
SENT FREE TO MEN!
A Mcst Remarkable Remedy That
Cuiekiy Restores Lost Vig-oi*
to Men.
Purely vegetable, mild and reliable. Causes
tierfect digestion, complet* ebsorptlon and
bealthful regularity. . --' *v -_¦- '•
For the cure of all disorders of the Stomach,
Liver. Bowels. Kidneys. Bladder, Femalt Ir-
tCKuiarities. BIck Headache, Biliousness, Con-
•tipttlon. Piles and all derangements of th«
Internal Viscera, 25c a box. At Druggists. . or
.Jty mail.. • - UADWAT-* CO.. K«w York. •
Badway's
* . OTTAWA, Kan., Oct. 20. IS98. •
The Oxygenor King Co. — Gentlemen: I have
an Oxygenor King which I bought laet Febru-
ary. I Imow It Is good. We use It for every
111" end ne%-er use medicine. The Oxygenor
Kins always cure*. I understand its virtues
pretty well and would not take a fortune for
It ir I could not get another.
(Box 265.) MRS. N. D. CURRIER.
¦
Agenta wanted in every city Jn California,
Is a scientifically constructed Instrument or
machine, capable of curing all curable diseases
without drugs — employing only the oxygen of
the air. It is superior in all particulars to
any other method of treatment. It Is highly
indorsed and recommended by thousands of
people In all walks of Ufa. It is designed for
pelf-treatment and can be used by any one.
Tree-, catalogue and information at our office
or by mail — California Oxygenor Co., Ban
Francieco, Cal. 214 Callaghan building. Office
hours. 10 a. ir. to 3 p. m.
THE OXYGENOR KING
Tlpe; Kemp's Suppositories for one month, and
If not 'satisfied with the result, return box and
we will gladly refund your money. ¦ -
' Hours — 0 to 5 and 6 to 7:30 p. m. Sunday,
11 a. m. to 1 p. m.
PHONE HOWARD 1305. '.
1236 Market St., cop. Jones.
K. S. C. MEDICAL CO.
"WHY NOT have rosy cheeks, bright eyes,
a lovely complexion, and all that pertains to
perfect health?::- ¦ - „,
If you wish to grain possession of this most
coveted gift, you must ttrst have your general
organs In a healthy condition, which can easily
be done by using Kemp's Suppositories, a local
treatment, which has proven to be the mosi
wonderful remedy of the age.
Kemp's Suppositories have done more good
In removing disordered conditions of the female
organs than all other remedies now in use.
These Suppositories will counteract that dull,
depressed- haggard and languid expression upon
your countenance. NMne women out of every
ten suffer, from whites, painful menstruation,
etc all of which gradually undermine the en-
tlre'system. If this is your case, do not despair
because tonics and the different remedies you
have tried have failed to benefit you, but try
Kemp's Suppositories, a local treatment, which
has stood the test of years, and be convinced,
after all your endurance, there Is a cure for
you." Kemp's Suppositories are put up only
by the K., S. C. Medical Co.,. and Contain no
morphine, cocaine or opium. ! $2500 offered to
any druggist who can prove the above state-
ment is not true.
30 Kemp's Suppositories, $2. If your drug-
gist does not sell them, call at our office or
we will send them postpaid on receipt of above
price. • .
Send for testimonials,
SAN FRANCISCO. Cal. "
K. S. C. Medical Oo. — Dear Sirs: Allow me
thf- privilege of thanking you for the cure I
have found in the use of Kemp's Suppositories.
I was doctored for three years by two of our
eminent; physicians of San Francisco. I was
treated for Inflammation and ulceratlon of the
uterus, whtch robbed me. of the Joys of life.
I was induced to use Kemp's Suppositories, and
after two weeks' use of the remedy I was re-
lieved of the Inflammation and intense pain.
By a continued use for six months I pronounced
myself cured and am now enjoying the best
of health. Gratefully, . MRS. J. CRUDEN.
DO YOU?
ADVERTISEMENTS.
¦ • Tli© sale begins *
• at 9A-M. t&- marrow •
-conducted at bpth stores • /
. , Our business has grown so rapidly that we have decided to lease the entire
building in which our Post-street store is situated and combine both our establishments
under one roof and one management.
In order to do this it will be necessary to close out the entire stock of our Mar-
ket-street store.
| Thousands of dollars' worth of merchandise will be offered at a sacrifice, «md the
sale will be conducted at both Post and Market street stores.
Extra salespeople have, been engaged and prompt service will be rendered to
every one. "
In addition to the stock ci our Market-street store, our Post-street store has also
1 made great reductions in many lines in order to make room for the new stock coming.-
Our new store will be one of the greatest in San Francis co— $200,000 worth of merchandise will
be closed out to make room for the new stock. " ¦. . .
The sale begins at 9 a. m. to-morrow. Only as many people as can be conveniently waited upon
will be admitted to our stores at one time.
Remember the sale is conducted at both stores.
»¦ ¦ — — — ¦— ——i^— a— ————*— t— ¦ 1 1 w^ — — —
|^ Friedman's l?urniture
j Play Ping Pong
U when the weather is bad.
I Get out into the sunshine and fresh air, now.
I Get away from the house as far as you can.
I , Get a good tan on. Get one of these Fold-
1 m g C am P> Lawn & Steamer Chairs to best enjoy
| your outing, or out-doors at home. *£ r^4r^
I Folds up, light, compact; 'can check with baggage, /t CHS.
| Adjusts easily to every restful position. This one/ J)
I 9x12 Feet Axminster Rugs, I
| Nothing handsomer than Axminster for big rugs. The smallest detail of I
3 the most intricate pattern looses nothing in its rich pile. More effective in
«S room beautifying than any carpet. Have too many of this size J*\
I 27x54 Velvet Rugs $1.15
1 Pretty patterns for parlor and piano; some dignified enough for the halL
j Handsome Hassocks For 45 Cents ..
3 The large size; covered with fine carpet. Only one to each customer.
|| "Th« Credit House." Six Stories High.
1 233 - 5 - 7 Post Street. Phone Private Ex. 37.SAN FRANCISCO YACHT CLUB'S BOAT
THE CHALLENGER WINS HANDILY
Challenger, which up to this point had
sailed the same course as the Harpoon,
tack for tack, split tacks off Alcatraz
Island ; many yachtsmen thought • W. G.
Morrow was committing a fatal . error.
Cook pursued the usual plan of making
a number of short tacks inshore, while
Morrow stood higher :and made a long
leg toward the windward mark. The wis
dom of the course pursued by Morrow
soon became apparent, for the Challenger
rounded the windward mark for the ser
ond time at 3:43:40, while the Harpoon did
not round it till 3:51:28. The Challenger
was then 7 minutes 4S seconds to the good,
with a time allowance of 3 minutes 43
seconds due her in addition. The Chal
lenger crossed the finishing line at 3:55:38
and the Harpoon at 4:02:49.
The racing length, of the Harpoon was
32.87 feet and that of the Challenger was
taken at 30 feet, the length named in the
letter of challenge. Frank Bartlett rep
resented the Corintniah Yacht Club on
board the Challenger. Robert Haley was
the San Francisco representative on board
the Harpoon. The crew of the Challenger
consisted of W. G. Morrow (captain), C.
F. Austin, J. C. Cockerill, A. C. Lee. R.
S. Bridgman arfi- J. R. Savory. The Har
poon s crew was made up of Fred Russ
Cook /captain), J. H. Sharpe, W. H.
Toepke, F. Simmen, F. Meyer and H. T.
frost. The race was under the manage
ment of the regatta committees of the
two clubs, the Corinthian representatives
be.ng E. B. Learning, T. J. Kavanaugli
and P. J. Martenstein. The San Francisco
members were Dr. T. U Hill, A. R.
Haskins and F. Spencer. The referee was
Sydney. S. Marshall, commodore of the
California Yacht Club. The officials and
m&ny yachtsmen with their friends
viewed the race from the steamer Sunol,
while the steamer -San -Pablo, some
munches and the yachts Chispa, Emma,
Fresto and Speedwell carried other spec
tutors.
SAN FRANCISCO YACHT CLUB'S
BOAT WHICH WON THE PER
PETUAL CHALLENGE TROPHY.
Henry T. Gage has become a member
of -Sampson Lodge of Los Angeles by
initiation- •¦¦«''-i?.*>£z . ¦ .: ««-.«, vi
Bay City Lodge of "this city conferred
the jtnight rank at its last held meeting
on candidates. It was piven in the long
form and was letter-perfect..
The reception that was tendered by
Golden Gate Lodge No. 3 of the Knights
of Pythias to McKinley Company of the
Uniform Rank of the Knights of Pythias
and to San Francisco and . Golden Gate
temples of the Rathbone Sisters in the
Pytbian Castle on the 2Sth of May was
a very pleasant reunion and the form of
entertainment provided for the guests was
a delightful one. ;• ,•
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS.
The first degree team of Pacific Lodge
No.. 155 paid a fraternal visit" to Unity
Lodge No. 131 last Tuesday at its lodge
rooms at Sixteenth and Valencia streets.
The occasion for this visit was an invita
tion extended to the team by the officers
and members of Unity asking them to
confer the degree on several candidates.
It was admirably put on by the team un
der-the supervision of the degree master.
James Davies. and the individual work of
each member reflects great credit on the
drillmaster, John Thompson, who has full
charge of the various teams connected
with Pacific Lodge. After the work the
remainder of the evening was spent in a
rccial way. The event will be remem
bered for a long time by those who were
present.
All arrangements have been completed
for the trip by water and fraternal visit
by the general relief committee of the In
dependent Order of Odd Fellows of this
city to Golden Statfi and'San Pablo lodges
at Vallejo. on Sunday next. The excur
sionists will go to Vallejo by the steamer
St. Helena.
The report of the president shows that
the association did well during the year,
having been able to pay $5000 on account
of the mortgage, which has by that been
reduced to $49,000; it also paid three divi
dends, amounting to a little more than
$£000: The trustees propose to make a
number of improvements in the building,
which it is expected will add to the com
fort of the tenants and attract new ones.
The Hall Association of the Independent
Order of Odd Fellows at its annual meet
ing, last Wednesday night elected trie fol
lowing officers: J. W. Harris, president;
W. H. Blundell. vice president, and C. F.
O'Neil, secretary, and the following nam
ed as directors: A. M. Brand, C. 12. Ben
edict, W. H. Blunden, J. H. Cope, A. H.
Cousins, J. Deas. Thomas Elam, B. O.
Flanders, J. A. Foster, O. Grand, C. P.
Gibbons, M. Goldman, L. Hammersmith,
T. Hock. D. A. Hagens, J. W. Harris, W.
P. Humphreys, E. A. Hermann, H. Joost,
R, H. Lloyd, David Louderback. T. R.
Morse, H. Newburg, A. Pauba, M. J. Plat
shek. C. E. Post, Charles Quast, J. S.
Reed, C. Rocber, William Rotrosky, H.
Stern. C. Trautner. F. Toklas, J. H.
Thrane, F. W. Warren, Joseph Winter
burn. ; . . '
THE ODD FELLOWS.
The following night the same gTand offi
cer paid her official visit to Ivy Chapter,
where there were more than 300 members
of the order present. The several sta
tions were prettily decorated with flowers,
and there was a liberal display of the
American flag to show the love for Qld
Glory that the members of this order
hear for it. Among the many present were
V.'orthy Grand Matron Mrs. Clara A. Gib
erson. Grand Secretary Mrs. Willats. As
sociate Grand Conductress Mrs. HIckie
aud Past Grand Patron Darling. Several
candidates were initiated, the work being
done in a praiseworthy manner. After
the ceremonies of the visit were over there
was the presentation of a handsome cake
piate to the deputy, together with a sil
ver knife, appropriately inscribed, as a
token of fraternal love of her and appre
ciation of services to the chapter. The
plate is decorated with flowers painted
Thereon by Mrs. Lockwood. a member of
District Deputy "Worthy Grand Matron
of the Order ot the Eastern Star Mrs.
Annie Marie Johnson paid an official visit
on the evening of the 25th of May to
Olive Branch Chapter, and was received
by a large proportion of the membership
and many visitors from the other chap
ters, including several of the grand ofti
cers. That the visiting official might see
the proficiency of the officers, eight candi
dates were initiated, and those who did
the work were complimented, not only
by the officer named, but by others. The
chapter also received the applications of
Several who desire to become members.
The work of the evening was followed by
a social hour and the presentation of a
beautiful crystal dish to the deputy as a
token of the chapter's appreciation of
her.
EASTERN STAB.
Last Monday night Misses Todd. Fitch
en and Rahlman, each the daughter of
a past worthy patron, and two daughters
of worthy past matron of Beulah Chap
ter, were initiated into that chapter, after
which there was a collation in celebration
of the event. There was a good attend
ance to witness the ceremony, and dur
ing the initiation the vocal music was by
Mrs. Nellie A. Darling. Deputy Mrs.'John
son will visit this chapter on the occasion
of. its next meeting. ¦•
' Past Grand Treasurer Mrs. Waters is
in this city, and had on exhibition at the
floral show a fine display of carnations
from her ten-acre pink farm.
San Francisco Chapter will have several
candidates to initiate to-morrow night.
« ¦ •
the chapter. A banquet with covers for
200 was then served. The tables were
handsomely* decorated with beautiful
: roses and a most toothsome supper was
I served. This chapter is making great
i strides as a social entertainer.
FRATERNITIES
THE Perpetual Challenge cup
passed from the possession of the
Corinthian Yacht Club yesterday
into that of the San Francisco
. Tacht Club. After a race which
for its greater part was close end keenly
lnteresting the Challenger defeated the
defender, Harpoon, 7 minutes 11 seconds
actual sailing time and 10 minutes 54 sec
ends corrected time.
The preparatory Eignal was fired at 1:25
p. m. and at 1:30 the starting gun. Twelve
The Corinthians still hoped Fred Cook
might display greater knowledge of the
bay than W. G. Morrow, and when the
Shortly before gybing round Blossom
Rock buoy the Challenger shook the reef
out of her mainsail and after gybing set
a flying jib, which fluttered considerably
vntil the staysail was hauled down. Then
the flying jib d.id good work and the Chal
lonser rounded the leeward stakeboat at
Southampton Shcal at 2:34:15, only two
seconds after the Harpoon, which had
icunded at 2:34:13. It was already clear
that the race would be won by the Chal
lenger, bar accidents or serious miscalcu
lation, as she was outfooting the Harpoon
and pointing equally high.
On the beat out the Challenger had out
footed her rival, but owing to a little mis
calculation on the part of her skipper
was compelled to take a short tack before
rounding: the mark, which she did by a
narrow margin. ,
seconds after the gun the Harpoon
crossed the starting line off Powell-street
wharf and twenty-eight seconds after
ward her rival, the Challenger, fol
lowed. Shortly after the start a storm
of rain came on, but soon cleared off, the
wind lightening. The Harpoon rounded
Fresidio Shoal buoy at 1:56:50 and the
Challenger at 1:57 :2S.
Last Thursday night. Modpc Tribe had a
smoker in the ; banquet hdll .of the Red.
Men's building and there was an, inter
esting programme of music, songs, stories
and short talks. A collation and pipes of
peace were passed around. , r 1 • ••
. C. H. Bbdel,', past sachem of Montezurha
Tribe, now a. resident of Hanford, has
been commissioned deputy. and instructor
Martbna Tribe No. 128 was • Instituted
In this city last week "by Great Sachem
Boyes,'. assisted by a ~ large number of
great. chiefs. The degrees were conferred
by teams of . Manzanita, - Althamos and
Montezuma Tribes. ¦ ,
, A new tribe of the Improved Order of
Red Men, Klikitat NoJ 127, -was recently
instituted at Visalla. by- Great Chief of
Records P. L. Bliss with forty, members.
1MPK0VED OEDEK RED MEN.
Nearly three hundred people attended
the novelty party that was given on the
26th of May In the banquet hall of the
Odd Fellows' building by Loyal Rebekah
Lodge. There was a well arranged pro
gramme of dances for the many who dur
ing the flrst part of (he evening concealed
their features with masks and were attir
ed in all sorts of fantastic costumes. Roy
F. Daniels . was the floor director. The
function, a very enjoyable one. was car
ried on under the direction of the follow
ing committee: Miss Ada Lawrance, Dr.
G. E. Daniels, Mrs. Flrehammer, Miss
Jennie .Wright; Mrs. Eola M.. Cyrus,' Mrs.
Campbell, Miss Rena Perry, Miss C. Mil
ler, Dr. and Mrs.' Leffler. Miss Hitchcock,
THE REBEKAHS.
George Beck, at present grand marshal,
will seek the nomination for deputy
grand arch ' arid Dr. J. W. Creagh, past
arch of Manzanita Grove, will be a can
didate for grand marsnal. . % , ¦
At the last held meeting of Hartnaglo
Chapter - several petitions for member
ship were presented and they will be
initiated at the next meeting. The chap
ter now has a membership of 149 /with
every prospect of increasing- that number.
' El Dorado Circle of the Druldesses in
itiated twb strangers at the ilast held
meeting and received several applications
to become members. Past Grand Arch
Druidess Mrs.. Thornhill will be a candi
date for the office of grand secretary at
the next grand circle session. M ! V -
During the. next 'session of the Grand
Grove at Napa the representatives of the
following localities will seek to have tho
succeeding Grand • Grove session held
there, namely: Oakland, Stockton, Santa
Rosa and San Francisco.
Last Friday another grove was insti
tuted in the same hall by Noble. Grand
Arch Godeau arid other ! grand officers.
Last Wednesday night Columbia Grove
v/as instituted in Universal Hall- with 33
charter members. The instituting officer
was Noble Grand- Arch Godeau, assisted
by Grand Secretary Martinoni, Grand
Treasurer Horn, Past Arches D. Bamman,
J. L. Gomez and Higuera. P. J. Moliterne
was the noble arch in the conferring of
the. three degrees. After the institution
of the grove there was a collation and
speech making. . . . ¦ - .. \
its guests.
The visit 1 * of the Past Arch Association
to Hesperian Grove on last Monday night
as already announced in the local col
umns of The Call, was a very, agreeable
one arid the banquet that followed was
greatly enjoyed by the many who were
present as members of the grove. and as
BRUIDISM.
Saxon and iNorman lodges of the
Knights of Honor tendered a reception on
the inst. in B. B. Hall ¦ to Grand
Dictator P. L. Archibald. It was at
tended by an audience that filled the hall
and was one of the most enthusiastic
open meetings that has been given by
this organization in many days. There
was a most excellent programme of first
class numbers and the applause that fol
lowed each number was the best proof
that could be offered of the pleasure each
gave those in the hall. An intermission
followed during which refreshments were
served and then there was a programme
of dances. The programme was made up
of the following numbers: Address, Su
preme Representative M. K Crowe; re-
M'Onse. Grand Dictator Archiba]d; piano
solo, Mr. Lacy; vocal solo, Miss Gertrude
terliner, accompanist, Mrs. Frledlander;
violin solo, Mr. Lyle; vocal selection,
Manhattan quartet; vocal . solo, . Miss
Kelly; instrumental selections, Greaber
Mandolin Club; vocal solo, W. J. Lylell;
instrumental solo, John Cassad, and vo
cal solo, Mr. Lambert.
KNIGHTS OF HONOR.
vilion.
A pleasing 1 entertainment and dance
wa3 given in Union-square Hall last
Tuesday night under the auspices of tho
competitive drill committee of the degree
ct Pocahontas. The following was the
programme: Overture; vocal selection,
William Fenstermacher; recitation.
Emillo Lastreto; vocal duet. "Mornine
After Ball," Mrs. Minnie Betts and Mrs-
Jennie Whipple; farce, "Box of Mon
keys," by members of Yosemite Council
No. 19. D. of P., Imp. O. R. M. The affair
¦was under the direction of the following
committee: Minnie Betts. chairman; Ida E.
Wheeler, secretary; Hattie Beach, treas
urer; Annie Bliss, Flora Pool. L. Vaxney,
Harriet Dlericks, • Mrs. Thompson, Alice
Goodall. Amanda Suelplholm, Mrs. * Der*
rick. Mrs. O. Burress and Mrs. Georsa
Baiyc.
Yosemite Tribe of 'the Improved Order
ef Red Men will have its first outing and
basket picnic on the 17th of August. This
will be at Schuetzen Park, under the aus
pices of a committee composed of some
of the most active workers, with T. E.
Bradley as chairman and C. Quendens as
secretary. •¦ There will be a- programme of
eames, races, athletic sports and a num
ber of prizes will be offered. The Khost
dance by members in Indian costume
will be a. feature of . the day in the pa-
Great Sachem Boyes was at Yreka last
week visiting Ieka Tribe. He will visit the
Red Men at Fort Jones and Scotts Bar
before he returns.
1 A new tribe organized at Salinas by
Barnes Stowell will be instituted by Great
Chief of Records Bliss and H. Gutstadt.
in the work for Umpquah ' and Klikitat
Tribes.
San Francisco Drill Corps has resumed
its drill and is preparing for a public ex
hibition. The corps has been invited to
visit the Odd Fellows of Vallejo and of
Sacramento. .
There was a good attendance at the the
ater party given on last Wednesday, night
by Mission Rebekah Lodge.
who appeared in the character of /a Chi
nese lady of high rank, was awarded the
flrst prize. "This lodge will initiate . six
or more candidates at its next ' meeting,
officers for the ensuing term will be elect
ed and the by-laws committee will report.
' " ¦ :-¦ - - , . '. ' - - ' - ' - " ¦ ¦¦¦'**¦¦¦¦
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 1, 1902.
Eastern Designed Racing Sloop Defeats Corinthian, YachU Club's
Harpoon in a Race for the Perpetual Challenge Trophy
by a Margin of Eleven Minutes Over the Regulation Course
25
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A change from, the old breakfast to one
like this will refresh and invigorate the
system In a surprising manner and per-
mit you to enjoy the pleasures of sum-
mer In a cool, comfortable fashion when
your neighbors, differently fed. will be
"tot"
You receive Grape-Nuts from the gro-
cer ready to serve, as it has been thor-
oughly cooked at the factory by food ex-
perts, and this saves heat from cooking
and time and exertion necessary in pre-
paring ordinary food.
One pound cf Grape-Nuts has more
nourishment— that the system, will ab-
Fert>— than ten pounds of meat, without
any of the internal heat of meat that a
person wishes to avoid during the warm
soason; its rich, nutty flavor added to the
dc-Iicate sweet cf the grape sugar make*
a dish pleasing to the most critical taste.
A most appetizing and healthful break-
fast can be made on Grape-Xuts and
cream, some fruit and perhaps two soft
boiled eggs— this meal will furnish full
strength and nourishment up to the next
and has a remarkable effect on the body
during hot weather. Remember the cells
of the body you are now building will
last you ir.to summer, eo be sure an-i
build the kind that tend to keep a cool
Lody and level head.
I^eave off meat, potatoes and heavy
body heating foods, and use the food that
will nourish the body and give reserve
jj force to the brain and nervous system.
By a complete change In breakfast, at
this time of the year, one can put the
body right to go througtf the summer
'¦omfortably.
Get Beady for Warm Weather.
SUMMER COMFORT.
GRAPE-NUTS.
All correspondence Is 6trlctly - confidential,
mailed in plain, sealed envelope. .The receipt
is ' free for the .¦ asking and they ' want ¦ every
man to have it..
All.
How any, man may quickly cure^hlmself after
years ol Buffering from sexual weakness lost
vitality, night losses, varicocele, etc., and en-
large small, weak organs to full size and vigor.
Simply send your name and_ address to Dr.
Knapp Medical Co., X37a Hull building, Detroit,
Alien., and they will gladly send the free re-
ceipt with full directions so any man may
easily cure himself at home. This. Is certainly
a most generous offer, and the | following, ex-
tracts taken from their dally mall show what
men think of their generosity:
"Dear Sirs: Please accept my sincere thanks
for yours of recent date. I have given your
treatment a thorough* test and the benefit has
been extraordinary. It has completely braced
me up. I am just: as vigorous as. when a boy
and you cannot realize how hr.ppy I am ••
. "Dear Sire: -Your method worked beauti-
fully. Results were exactly what I needed
Strength and vigor have completely returned
and enlargement is entirely satisfactory;"
"Dear Sirs: , .Tours was. received and I'had
no trouble in making use of the receipt as di-
rected, and can truthfully say, it is a boon to
weak men. si lam greatly Improved in size,
strength and 'vigor." ' - ¦•: '
Irsures Love and a Happy Home for
CURES WEAK .MEN FREE.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
*e©eeoe©©eQGG9©s9ooo3©aoo©3oc>c35©9eo©s©Qo©ooo
I '^pM^Df.Meyers&CQ, |
J LEADING SPECIALISTS S
> A$S~^^n FOR : i-'., : •
I . jjSyi&J- Diseases of Meiui- I
[Cures Patients Quickly,. Positively, |
! Permanently, Reasonably.^ %
> During an exp2rience of over twenty years in treating ?
ot m.-n they havj treated those peculiar and compli- ©
> cated troubles in every form. They never experiment, but •
> prescribe remedies us^d by them for years with never-failing §
) success. Dr. M. : yers & Co. have the largest medical institu- ©
) tion arid>the most extensive practice in the United States, 2
I'; having c ffi:es in San F-rancisco, Los Angeres and Chicago. Dr. ©
» Meyers & Co. have perfected a system of "Horn? Treatment" •
[ whereby ihe patient can be cured at he me. The system is c
I infallible in contagious b'.o^d poison, unnatural losses, lost ©
i vigor, premature decay and those forms of disease peculiar to §
* men. . Dr. Mayers & Co. wilt, upon request, send their little- ©
» bbok of valuab e inrormation for men. It is sent sealed, free S
I of charge, to men only. %
\ Consultation with Dr. Meyers & Co. costs you nothing, ©
> either personally or by mail. If you. live at a.' distance and 9
(cannot visit our cffi:e, write for our book. All correspondence ©
I confidential.. ' ©
>."¦.,. , - ¦ •;¦.:'¦'. . „ * . ., ©
I 73 1 Ma rket Street, |
J San Francisco, Cal. §
i Qffi:e Hours— 9 to 12; i to 4; 7 to 8} Sandys, g to it,'.' ©
Fommer-Eilers Mosic Go. Offer
New Siylss of Decker, Kim-
ball, Hszelion, Lester and
Other Pianos at Frices Less
liian Asked Elsewhere for
Ordinary Instruments of Lit-
tie or No Reputation,
Also Bargains in Slightly Used
Pianos That Would Readily
Pass ior New.
From the foundation of this house, its
policy has been to sell reliable, trust-
worthy piancs at honest prices. Pianos
that could be conscientiously guaranteed
to stand the test of time and to give un-
questioned satisfaction to the purchaser.
The public has been extremely generous
in their patronage— so generous that we-
have grown steadily day by day until to-
day we are acknowledged to be the lead-
ing as well as the largest music houso
west of Chicago and the recognized head-
quarters for pianos and organs.
SOME STAR 1 LING FRIGES.
Think of a brand new, fancy mahogany
or mottled walnut cased, largest sized
. cabinet grand, strictly high-grade upright
piano' that has never been sold for less
than $450 before now going at $318, and
others equally as fine for $2$6. The J328
styles for S218, $212 and $185, and still oth-
era for $163, $158, $137 and $118, all of them
brand new instruments and sold on easy
payments if desired.
SLATHERS OF THEM,
In second-hand pianos we have simply
slathers of them, uprights and squares,
good ones, fine ones and bum ones, all of
them at prices just about half what they
are really worth. Ever hear of an uprignt
piano for $18? Here is one; pay $1 a month
if you like. Other pianos for $45, $85, $87:
and $93; also on very easy payments.
Excellent and really very valuable
pianos, such as Crown, $237; A. B. Chase
$225; Kimball, $210; Hinze. $169; Steck, $150 :
Singer (nearly new), $166; Lester and nu-
merous other makes. All of them have
been put in best possible order, and any
instrument secured at this sale will be
accepted at any time at price paid to-
ward the payment of any new Decker
Hazelton, Kimball, Lester or Crown
piano.
SQUARES A BLOCK LONG.
Then come the square pianos— look at
them: Chickerings,. Webers, Kranich &
Bach, Raven & Bacon, Haines and numer-
ous others. A row nearly a bJock long
Prices, $28, $127, $35 and $96. Name the
price you wish to invest and we will
furnish you a square piano for it; but ev-
erything is less than the above mentioned
highest price. Payments: We will take
$3 a month for these; that is, 10 cents a
day, the price of two papers or two bags
of peanuts. Why not have a piano In
tho house and give the little daughter a
chance to take up the study of the most
refining accomplishment that a young
lady can possibly possess.
ORGANS! ORGANS!
Then look at these organs. Every manu-
facturer- of ancient and modern, times i«
represented here. Saturday . we sold a
¦beautiful antique melodeon for $18. We
have organs, pretty good ones, for as lit-
tle a3 $10. and we have others for $26,
$18, . $31. $3S, $41, $43, $20, $22 and $36. Any
old price. Payments a mere . monthly
song. We must have all organs out of the
way this week. Prices on new organs
are very seriously "butchered," too. It
takes very little money and much less
of an effort to own'a fine Kimball. Mason
& Hamlin or any other good make of
organ now: Come in and see." We sold
seven organs Saturday.
POMMER-EILERS MUSIC CO.,
1 1 653 Ma rket Street,
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL., ,
'• *-- Opposite Lotta Fountain. -
Other stores: 351. Washington st., Port-
land, Or.; 607 Sprague ave., Spokane,
Wash.; 831 J st. Sacramento, Cal. "
tiliftw aii e WP Proud- of v These Offerings ! 1
I^^P^SH Proud of These Unmatchable Prices ! 8
E( ffi^S-Sil^gs^v,. TS^S^Sh - •!¦ e ARE ALWAYS on the alert, watching to give our .PATRONS full value" for their money. y|
H fjfck^^Xj.'t Y^ . Sx .'ffiJpjfj^ffiP ¦•'¦ ¦ Here's a SAMPLE line of LADIES' Muslin Underwear .that we bought at a very low price. They are H
H //!$||||5^ S~^^^^^^^l m slightly soiled — mussed from being handled. Samples are always batter than regular goods. £|
E im V^ —iz^^i =^^§§!pjm V You know why — because travelers take their ordsrs from them. ¦_-.' H
u // fl I I*X^^->L~L. — ~^Fs^§!0*nuii> • \ x They are the Queen Manufacturing Company's samples/ known all over the East for their materials and g
!--'—-¦- v . :\ y They comprise Chemise, Skirts, Drawers,' Gowns, Corset fcovers, Dressing Sacques, etc. There \\
UnwTc Vrtm- Timp in Rmr QnnimoP - is only one of a kind. We quote afew- Many are higher and lower in.price; fj
KOW IS JOUT lline 10 filly. summer LADIES' GOWN'S — Made of good LADIES' DRAWERS — Hemstitched LADIES' CORSET COVERS— French, g
. SKiFtS. v. L V muslin, lace insertion...... ...39c and tucked -.ivy. •...:.:.....%. 29c "shape .".... 15c B
Our assortment is complete. Our LADIES' GOWNS- Made of 3oft LADIES' SKIRTS— Trimmed with a. XADIES' CORSET COVERS— Hem- I
StJ ? E rD^DiES' pique : 51^Wmek rUffle W .^ep hemstitched flounce....... 48c s tiched with double row torchon |
SKIRTS, made of the best quality °- r ?i?i , 7^;??™1 ~ "'"'". •/ LADIES' SKIRTS — Trimmed with insertion 23c M
electric shrunk pique, finished with LADLES', DRAWERS — Embroidery J-- 0 -"- 1 " 1^ ssiS-i-ni^ — xrimmea witn , ,. , ti
fu^rwia^h^n^a^U^Iths^trfect 1 trimmed 19c dce P embroidery ... .98c Stdo begins at .9 a. m. sharp, so B
hanging. Joe Rosenberg^ of course . LADIES' DRAWERS— Hemstitched LADIES' KIMONOS— Washable" col- dotft bo one." of the disappointed onea ij
for this low price ....$1.50 ..................'.. !..19c ored lawn. .59c and come in the afternoon. n
ANOTHER— Made the same as- / • 13
8c Instead of 25c. The Noielty of the Day. - .* [Long Kimonos. |
summer wear for an ideal i p r ice.. S 1.50: MANN IS IT COLLARS FOR S THE^KW^OROKATION FOR^C OMFORT^^D^E g
Wby-Not Look Neat and »;?,.- - • ;; Sf^ om a well mfr' lety of styles to ' choose from * '# S™ EZx^£&gS c & I
I Why LeaVeYour Stray Locks;.^^—^ known' geX furnishjr iBM. HERE IS^ONE OF THE W
§ Loose and Untidy? ! .. ... fr-r- -jr*-^ faVV^UI 13 an^X T Anjv J^r £t£S J/% 's^d^ow'n^hT '%£?' Sa 1
1 Here's, a PATENT BARETTE that - TIT # thole'sizesTeinl SSVSft !& n^df^ver^ b«t S ro ", nd f the K r th ,^ 1
pi i|M| iB^M^S: p^^kk \^s a ft ™£^^hiT% ES SretS^at e r|^| 1
I ly polished, with an extra strong pol- made of best four-ply linen, double *'^> cord^eon pleated liberty edged com P leted *l.-o g
iati^i%^tii? 0 io^a^^ -X^^&^^t^SSii 0 ?^: whiteribbo a n ndtrlmmedwithi)lacliand Yon Will leed One if You Eaien't I
at Pr b iC e eS see^ to^oe .SrSSuV S£ '" #&&$ 8 ° Sma11 ito«T. price, S2.50 M (fog y et> H
j sale at our notion counter 25c ; TllB BOSt Quality -Tbat IS Mad6. - i 9l /« TlKtP ad nf 9*P Tt Is the TIEW ELASTIC BELT. |
I titi. « n -n, x ttti hatt)piv<! *ii 6 Lt t»rr.r>or a /i =f^i /~ \L/2\> IDSlcdtt 01 Zot. r whether large or small, it will fit you; M
Why Be.So Stout When You Can Be wg^SS^a^nSS SfiK made O f good
I ¦ Made to Look Thin ? box - . Now : & 5c JS* S Z% riJw€ sl Wr^h^li
I • *fla-v - Hkve you seen th P nt-tvto TWELVE FOR 3c. . Hne and drawn through with silk tape. In the back; chic, but low in price..S3c H
tffn: / Skxlf?SL!f^a < SS5: ¦^SSSFSSTifflfWS^ Slgg Saturday Afternoon. |
1 \CJ I our demonstrators point out 7 inches long. Only ......3e * -I— AC While writing this ad we Just fig
2 /gWL) their merits. You are not . -^" ' &\\ received 70 dozen of the latest H
5/^Y compelled to buy. They are \lfi Tncfpafl nf 9Rp* FrtP thP T.lftlA ftnP<! X*J* creations in ladles' shirt m
1\*&8W made .-of the very finest ¦- *'« ¦ lllbLCdU Ul 4UL. ; 1(11-1116 MlllC UilCb. LJgs^ waists, made of the finest col- B
1 \§fflg' imported sateen or coutille. LADIES* HOSE, mado of best quality CHILD'S VEST, made of good quality fKjw\ ored percales and Scotch B
1 ll//^v • c , ome in medium, . long or Peruvian cotton, double heels and toes; Sea Island cotton, high neck, long t&fr&b \ *ephyrs; also white India Un- B
i Iv&^l ftort shape. High or low new Parisian lace effect, full length, sleeves, medium weight, ' fleece lined, t'NVfyV.j; ens and lawn; tucked and hem- H
| kT/J u u, n &J or short over very elastic; warranted fast black. Our bound with silk tape. Our rapid selling '??SikFA stitched: also embroidery and B
i il the hips. They are made of surprise price :......... ITc price 19c 'mTa/ lace insertions. They are the H
8- ' _.- the finest unbreakable, watch ¦¦••• ¦ pants to matoh samp nualitv as * Marquise and Knickerbocker fl
l-steel (If you break a steel in 90 days Ta V in.o Ciinnlv nf ThiMrPli'Q TTnQO ab^ve ankl™ leneth in ecru and ' brands, known for finish and H
S another one free.) Mf you have a cor- tt J 111 a Olippijf 01 11111111611 b flOSe £: b P^ e « anUe length, in ecru ana workmanshlp . if you anticipate buying H
J set made to order and pay 10 times the of irTijo TSvipa -gray .....XUC a waiat for this season, our advice is to H
I price we ask for this you would not . - ' al lulS TUbO - come and have your first pick. Wei
1 rantPrffor nnfv ° ne ' Fltted - and « ao w jK; " And you'll never regret it. IMCS Slit YeSt BOC. challenge you to match them for style g
1. ranted for only -..$2.75 ¦ For school or vacation wear uumua uiia. mat wu. and price anywhere in Frisco. Price H
5 • : f lW/ if 1 H they have no eaual. " • LADIES' VESTS, made of best qual- $1, $1.50. $2 R
i '¦•" 'Prtfin TninrftVPK ' " \ki^/J \ They are made of best American silk, lace trimmed, Swiss Jj
9 _iuuu imjiiuiWD. ¦-, m&fcf-M Quality South Sea Island ribbed, low neck no sleeves, neck and Inothftr GOOll OfferfM FrODl OUT H
H «» That's what we make a spe- GfepV&l$ cotton, double heels, toes arm size crocheted and drawn through nuvmoi uuuu UUOXU15 iiuiu uui g
i "?> -"clalty- of.- The latest Fleur de " ?:^f^*Sj and' knees; full length, very with silk tape: colors pink, blue and \ RlbtOIl D6DaTtlIient. M
9 : *& ,'Lis Bustle and Hip-pad com- Jf9 elastic; good fast black white. Attractively priced — oOc muuuii uupuumuui. M
H . g{ bined. Made of the finest hair J r- Equal to many 25c hose" SASH RIBBON, best quality sating
M f\ .. cloth and drilling— filled with Our price 12^e Tocf flawo nf Htih rmh)»mMoiiT/ Qoh taffeta, all silk, 7 inches wide, in all the H
H J I ,the .finest sanitary hair. It's Sale O'Farrell-street entrance -"^l lidjS 01 Uui ElllUFOlllCrj DalO.. swellest spring shades of blue, green, Eg
H 7 V the lightest and most natural • .3^ BETTER VALUES TH4.N white, pink and lavender; best in qual- ||
a \~'>->t<S hip-pad and bustle made, weigh- »„„? D«/i«iV/>^ © ' EVER. *" ity, lowest in price. Only 50c 1
i>T~-': ing less than an Ounce. Colors JUSl neG6176(l, <^fo^\ Oflrl tZcps of EM t * « i> m • 1 l\
lyo^iwear^othe 1 "^!^ Some Parisian Novelties in LADIES' ISf? BROIDERY AND INSER- LaCCS tOT SMimer DlCSS TnmillillgS i
I y °. 4lI e 0-F^^ef r e^ance^ 0C pi^- Wonder in styles but low in g^ SS&B** L ° W "it WC6S TOtfU" HBTff BUJ |
Every Lady in the Land Would Like SKffi S3i4SSd o £.rSd S?^S A^| inYVafirf^ && ' . 'Tiiem Again For.
I ta UoTrn o T)ni,f«nt r«»«, * s0 ,' fancv figure, or stripe in , fast iLA TaKJM embroidery manufactur- Flrst we haVe NEW M
I tO HaVe a PerfeCt FOrm. colors, or the latest Parisian lace ef- ®|*g£»BS ers; beinsr odd pieces they /S% GALOONS naJleof best Q
1 wTTTfTT'e fivj? ti,« tsttt'ti* tittt-t vb-ma" lect.full finish, very clastic, full length. "were glad to dispose of «7 V M aualitv Arabian lace in M
l&'MSf. a ."^T h «?%= fc Tta Even Exchange for Your if t^HS^FFc 3^^ SSa!-&?ft|r: 1
i NOT $20.00 FOR TWO. If^s fine and strone button OVER, made of best quality lace. 13 B
jBeautite to Snit All Complexions at; .^.a-^Mr'f^^^"^---^
I WlCeS 10 SUlt All rMSeS. J&W^ hance l0 . huy - som t [ BUmmer 3ocQuaiity :...?f)c ppqi in Tnnlr but M in Pti'po «
m ¦ ,. . _ . ¦ ,„ r l3^S dresses at prices that you'd 50c Quality '»."5c IiCai 111 LUU1 UUI flUl 111 rfllo. M
H «s£*'2cS£i_ ,^? de °J i 1 ?^*- q ua j'ty "XSS^nS, never \dream of getting- VALEXCIEWES LACF bpst oualltv U
I mmfr l l#- P 2 E$B B^B''rrrr Here and Kowlere Else at Ms I^S^H^^B 1
1 in all the newest Paris- Gibson Florodora styles ' lM LADIES' WASH VEILS made of of ,£^ d tw — ; y^'"A ' 2 Pj9 M
W. '$%0^ ian meshes. Rich in 1 ', , .„ "y*w»- d quaUty Brussels net, dotted or 1 inch wide, piece of 12 yds 40c|1
m s***^ style, low in price. Only Lad es > $5 suits now......$2.f>8 figured with fancy borders, good strong 20 different patterns to choose from, m
p| • .... ...:....5Oc -t j! es , I su } ts now S.7." net that can be washed and kept as T A „, „ n , - . . f j
m T" a^J es i \2 su i ts now 4.75 good as new. Best complexion protect- 1H OflT Shell GOOIlS D€T)&rtin6Ilt H
1 Why M Haye the Best for the Least ? now....... ; e.75 ors made, omy ........ 15c side combs Lde or be* I
1 DRESSING COMBS made, of best un- I ft £ R fl 0 C k\ D C D fl 816 MARKET STREET, S£S wef/^un^^ee?^^' JSS I
¦ ssrfi^Si sssgSt.T3a-.5ss^s^ ssa? JUC^nlidLKutnu i^*^**//^,*/.- ?sffi ii uff^.a!u"K?t t tS?ssJss|
|:^||^g:g|i^|fgr;i^ Mail Orders Solieitei. PHELAN BUILDING. ¦ 5, P SS5 tifttUySS^S j
JOE ROSENBERG'S.
JOE ROSENBERG'S.
JOE ROSENBERG'S.
JOE ROSENBERG'S.Golfer Travis Wins.
alameda' cricketers "I '
DEFEAT SANTA CRTJZ
The Alameda cricket eleven defeated
the Santa Cruz team yesterday by twen
ty-one runs. F. J. Croll : and Harold
Ward bowled successfully for ¦ Alameda,
each capturing five wickets. Harold
Richardson made only three and E. G
Sloman only one, the highest scorer for
Santa Cruz being T. Brennan, who went
In last and compiled fourteen runs. Eight
wickets had fallen before Alameda suc
ceeded in beatlngr the Santa Cruz total of
A Team Representing Old England
Will Try Conclusions To-Day
With Young, America.
CHICAGO, May 31.— Five western inter
collegiate records were broken \ and one
equaled at the annual meet of the Inter
collegiate Conference Athletic Association
on Marshall field to-day. Michigan won
the meet, scoring 36 points. Chicago was
second with 25 points and Wisconsin third
with 19 points. The records for the 120
yard hurdle, one and two mile runs the
pole vault and the discus throw were
broken, while the record in the 100-yard
dash was equaled. .Robinson (Michigan)
fell in the trial heat- of the 220-yard hurdle
and broke his leg. • 7
College Hurdler Breaks TTf 3 Leg.
The annual banquet of the California
Coursing 'Committee, which always pre
' cedes the running of its big stake at
Union Park, was held last night. Dur
ing the evening the following officers
were elected for the ensuing year: Presi
dent, Dr. F. P. Clark of Stockton; vice
president, Carl Chiarlni; secretary, George
MacE. Malcolm. H,- A. Deckelman, the
retiring president, ¦ was toastmaster.
Among those present were: Dr. F. P.
Clark, Stockton; Charles Gassagne and
H. H. Lyon of Los Angeles; Messrs.
Church and Barrett, representing Melrose
Coursing Club; J. H. Rosseter, R. K. Mal
colm and C. Chiarini, representing Inter
state Coursing Club; H: A. -Deckelman,
Bates Jones and John Halton, represent
ing Union Coursing Park; Judge John
Grace and Slipper Jame* Grace, Ed Lyons
Charles Nounan and William Manning. '
Coursing Men Banquet.
Chicago ..'.... 4 9- 0
. Batteries — Townsentl and Clarke; Patterson
and McFarland. .' ,
Cleveland. ...: C 14 2
Batteries — Lawson and Robinson; Joss and
Bemis. . .
PHILADELPHIA, May 31. — The home team
won from St." Louis in the ninth. Harper, who
succeeded Reldy. weakened and gave two bases
on balls. This, with a "fumble by Padden, a
sacrifice and a single netted the locals enough
runs to win. Attendance,-, 0055. . ¦ .
R. H. E.
St. Louis .....; « 12 3
Philadelphia: .7 12 0
Batteries — Reidy, Harper and Sugden; Wiltse
and Powers. ' ; , ¦' \ . .
BOSTON. May 31. — Detroit defeated Boston
to-day in a slugging match. Hits were even,
but Boston's . errors and "Winter's wlldness de
cided the game. . Attendance, 80CO. Score: ft
. R. H. E.
Boston ......". 7 13 6
Detroit ......13 13 1
Batteries— Winters and Warner; Yeager and
McGulre." ' •_ :¦- ¦' . ,
• AVASHINGTON. May 31.— A couple of hits,
a base on balls and an error in the first Inning
gave Chicago, to-day's game. Attendance,
2800. ,The score: . . . .
AVashir.gton i '. 1 8* 3
AMERICAN LEAGUE. .¦•¦.¦.»
BALTIMORE, May 31.— Lawson's failure to
cover first base in. the. eighth Inning cost Balti
more the game here with Cleveland. Attend
ance. 2981. Score:
R. H. E.
Baltimore :3 10 2
R. H. E.
St. Louis 9 15 1
Cincinnati -.3 10 4
Batteries — Yerkes and' O'Neill; Phllllppl and
Peitz. Umpire — O'Day.
Philadelphia 1 Again Shuts Out New
York on the Polo Grounds by a
Score of 3 to O.
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
NEW YORK. May 31. — Philadelphia shut out
New York again at the Polo Grounds to-day,
the score being 3 to 0. Attendance, 52CO.
Score. R H E
Philadelphia » «. 1
New York • « « S
- Batteries — Voorhees and Jacklitsch; Sparks
and Yeager. Umpire— Emslie.
BROOKLYN, May 31. — The Brooklyn club
has won flve straight games since It came
home. It took ' the double-header from Boa
ton to-day. In the first It was a battle of
pitchers, with the odds slightly in favor of
Willis. The second game was a free hitting
one. Brooklyn playing the hit and run affair
with success. Ten innings had to be played.
Attendance. 8000. The score, first game:
i R. H. E.
Boston 1 7 1
Brodklyn 2 5-1
Batteries — Willis and Klttredge; Hughes and
Farrell. Umpire — Cantillon.
Second game — R. H. E.
Boston 1 3 0
Brooklyn 2 .8 2
Batteries — Eason and Moran; McMakin and
Farrell. Umpire — Cantillon.
PITTSBURG, May 31. — Pittsburg-Chlcago
game called In third inning on account of dark
ness. Score: Pittsburg 0, Chicago 2. . \
ST. LOUIS, May 31. — Hard hitting of Pitcher
Phllllppl's delivery won the game against Cin
cinnati here for St. Louip to-day. Inclement
weather kept the attendance down to . 1000.
Score: . : '
BROOKLYN CLTJB WINS
FIVE STRAIGHT GAMES
On the night of the trouble McGlynn,
who gave the name of Sullivan, told a
moving story of unprovoked assault and
brutal clubbing at the hands of the offi
cer. This incensed the proprietor of the
restaurant, and he took up the prosecu
tion of the case. When he ascertained the
real identity of McGlynn he had John
Buhrmann, the cashier, swear out a war
rant for his arrest. The defendant was
released en $30 cash bail by order of
Police Judge Fritz.
C. J. McGlynn, assistant paying teller I
of the Hibernia Bank, was taken Into !
custody last evening on a warrant charg
ing him with assault with a deadly
weapon and malicious mischief. The al
leged crime was committed two- weeks !
ago last night at Moraghan's restaurant in
the California Market. McGlynn had a
dispute with the cashier, and during it
attempted to break the cash register and
hit the cashier on the head with a bottle
Special Officer Porter clubbed McGlynn
into a peaceful mood and sent him to the
City Prison, where he was charged with"
battery. Bail of ?10 was furnished, which
was forfeited by the non-appearance of
the defendant.
saulted by Him With a Deadly
Weapon.
Restaurant Cashier Says He Was As-
HIBERNIA BANK OFFICIAL
CHARGED WITH A FELONY
Good coursing was seen in the run
downs of the 64-dog open stake and the
3ti-dog puppy event yesterday at Union
Park. In the first named Tralee Boy is a
likely candidate -for final honors. Matters
Much is figured the best in the puppy
class. The day's results, with Judge John
Grace's official scores, follow:
Open stake, first round — P. Mullarky's
Mamie Pleasant beat Alameda Kennels' Har
vey M, 5-3; E. Geary's Ireland beat F. A.
McComb's Otto, 7-2; E. Geary's Fenii beat J.
Sheridan's Forest Queen. 8-1; B. Silva's Mas
ter Rocket beat J. Horn's McHenry. 7-2; S.
A. Smith's Petronius beat T. Burke's Lottie
AV, 3-1; C. O. Peterson's Silver Cloud, a bye;
J. F. Rogers' Glaucus beat J. W. Fahey's
October Lad, 8-3; P. M. Clarkson's Golden
Garter beat Alameda Kennels' Melrose Lati,
7-1; P. J. Horgan's Musket beat J. F. Rogers'
Arbacus, lfc-7; J. Regan's Menlo Prince beat
J. Trade's Belle Rocket. 12-2; P. M. Clark
•¦on's Flower of Gold beat AV. J. Leonard's
Tom Hurlick, 4-3; Pasha Kennels' Rural Ar
tist beat A. R. Curtis' Old Ironsides, 7-1; J.
Dempsey's Jingle Bells beat F. A. McComb's
Hot to. 4-0: P. M. Clarkson's Prompto beat D.
J. Healey'e For Glory. 18-1; L. M. Connell's
Republic, a bye; F. Jones' Wedge wood beat
E. Geary's Ruby Sankey, 5-3; Chiarinl Broth
ers' Santonin beat P. M. Clarkson's Miss
Brummel, 7-4; Pasha Kennels' Regal Attire
beat D. Dillon's Challenger, O-2; Pasha Ken
nels' May Hempstead beat Alameda Kennels'
J. N. Bowhay, 7-3; AA". Johnson's Articulate
beat J. R. McCarthy's John Doe, 11-4: J.
Hurley's Sugarcane beat J. Seggerson's Gold
Hill. G-3; P. Doyle's Liberator beat L. M. Mc-
Connell's Honest John, 10-1; Yosemlte Ken
nels' Mose beat M. Nealon's Fred Freedom,
10-4; T. J. Cronin's T.-alee Boy beat T:
Maher's Bad Boy, 4-0; Chiarinl Brothers'
"White Hat beat H. L. Meharrj-'s Roxana, 3-0:
E. Geary's Fannie Hughie beat M. Xealon's
Pat Freedom, «-4: G. Sharman's Sir Pasha
beat A- A'anderwhite's Lear King, 4-2; Aeneid
Kennels' May Morning, a bye; J. Carroll's
Cascade beat F. Jones' Lady Newark. 6*3;
E. Geary's Roy Hughie beat J. Kitchen's
Honor Bright, «-4; G. Sharman's Little Sister
beat F. C. Mack's IK-Ila M. 5-4; R. Attridge's
8ofa!a beat Chiarinl Brothers' Gambit. 8-3.
Puppy stake, first round — A. R, • Curtis'
Miranda beat W. O'Brien's White Cap, 14-10:
Pasha Kennels' Roblin's Art beat Homestead
Polo pony, to be shown through bending
poles — Woa by Walter S. Hobart's Terry Mc-
Govern, John Lawson's Georgle S second.
J High jumping — Won by Walter S. Hobart on
Royalty; second, J. Keating on F. J Carolan's
Spectator.
Pair of roadsters— Won by A. P. Welch'?
Billy and Alto, H. T. Scott's Laddie find Las
sie second. ¦¦.¦•¦ ¦ • ¦ .
Four-ln-hands, park team — Won by Walter
S Hobart's entry, George Aimer Newhall sec
ond. : ,
Automobile!, competition — Won by R. p.
Schwerin. E. B. Murphy and L. I. Scott un
placed. ¦ * .
Pair of harness horses 15 .hands 3 inches or i
over — Won by AV. S. Hobart' s Monarch and'
Performer, F. J. Carolan's Prince Charming
and Chieftain oecond, AV. B. Bourn's Stripes
and Dublin third. .
High-stepping horse. 14 hands 3 inches — Won
by Templeton Crocker's Dorcas. -
Harness hofse, 14 hands 3 inches and under
15 hands 3 inches, novice class — Won by Miss
Taylor's Mermaid, Templeton Crocker's Dorcas
second and J. D. Grant's Music third.
. Pair of harness horses, 14 hands 3 inches and
under 15 hands 3 Inches — Won by A. P. Welch's
Nip and Tuck, E. D.' Beylard's Game and
Lancer second.
Saddle horse, exceeding 15 hands 2 Inches— •
Won by E. D. Beylard's Blazes, R. P. Schwer
in's Carlo3 second and John Lawton's Vanity
third.
Harness horse, 15 hands .1 inches or over,
suitable for brougham — Won by R. P. Schwer
in's jflazel, W. B. Tubbs' Fred second and
Frank Kelly's Judge third.
The horses from the stable of A. P.
Welch, who exhibited for the first time,
•wtre successful during the show. Out of
seven entries they won four blue ribbons
and three red badges of honor. They
were handled by Clifford Middlemass. The
results of the judging in detail follow:
Station wagon — Won by George Aimer New
hall's entry.
In the automobile competition R. P.
Schwerin proved a dashing operator. He
defeated Laurance I. Scott and E. B. Mur
phy. With Mr. Schwerin was Miss Lucie
King. Mr. Murphy had Mrs. Laurance
Scott as a guest, while Miss Emily Wil
son appeared on Mr. Scott's "auto."
Walter Hobart and George Aimer New
hall displayed skill in tooling their four
in-hands. The former won. He also won
the high jumping* with Royalty and the
class for the best polo pony with Terry
McGovern, a pony as clever as a cat. In
the high jump Spectator came down with
Jerry Keating, neither rider nor horse be
ing injured.
There were several interesting competi
tions, especially one in which ladies drove.
Mrs. Laurance I. Scott proved the clever
est'"whip," with Miss Florence Whittell
second and Miss- Bourn third. Princess
Poniatowski, Mrs. Gus Taylor and Mrs.
H. T. Scott also competed. .The ladies
drove in and out among obstacles, dis
playing . great cleverness. There was a
heavy shower while they were in the
ring, which they faced fearlessly.
The lowering skies reduced the number
of spectators. As those who did attend
were garbed appropriately to meet the
weather conditions, the light and color of
the opening day were lacking.
Somber was the setting of the horse
show and fete yesterday at the Burlin
grame Country Club. Rain fell intermit
tently during the morning, making it
necessary to postpone the various events
scheduled for that time. A number of
these failed to fill, making it possible to
complete the programme at a seasonable
hour. ' ' ,
Beck of Yale, in the shot put, increased
the distance from 44 feet 3 inches, held
by himself since 1900, to 44 feet 8% inches.
New intercollegiate records were estab
lished in four of the events— the hammer
throw, shot put, pole vault, quarter-mile
run and 100-yard dash. Dewitt of Prince
ton did not improve on his fine throw of
164 feet 10 inches made yesterday. Plaw
cf California was in better shape to-day
and threw the hammer 163 feet 8 inches,
an improvement of nineteen feet on his
best trial throw yesterday.
In the pole vault. Horton of Princeton
won first place with the bar at 11 feet 3
Inches. He then went after the inter
collegiate record of U feet 5 Inches and
cleared 11 feet 7 inches.
Arthur F. Duffey created a new world's
record in the 100-yard dash by winning in
9 3-5 seconds; Duffey will sail for Eng
land two weeks hence and will take pait
in several athletic meetings during his
stay abroad, where he hopes to repeat
the performance. The former record of
9 4-5 was established in 1890 by J. Owen
Jr. of "Washington, D. C. His time has
since been equaled by a number of sprint
ers.
NEW YORK, May Sl.^Harvard defeat
ed Yale in the contest for championship,
honors at the intercollegiate athletic mest ¦
which began yesterday and •was concluded
to-day at Berkeley Oval. The total score
was 34 points to 30. Princeton finished
surprisingly close to the leaders, her rep
resentatives scoring 1 27 points.* . The ex
ecutive committee of the I. C. A. A. held
a brief meeting at the oval to-day to con
sider the protest made by Yale against
Schick of Harvard. If was decided to
allow the Harvard sprinter to compete in
the finals of the 100 and 220-yard dashes.
The committee adjourned the further
hearing of evidence in the case until June
14 or 21, when it will convene in this city
for the special purpose. Should the de
cision of the committee be adverse to
Schick,- Harvard will lose 6 points and
Yale will gain 2. Yale would thus win
the championship honors by a total of £J
to Harvard's 28.
The California Coursing Committee
stake of sixteen entries, and made up of
the pick of the coast's coursers, will be
run to a conclusion at the park to-day
Beacon, Palo Alto, Rector and Hom«r
Boy are choices in the order named.
Kennels' Maid of Terminus, 12-7: J. Conway's
Wing Wing beat Pasha Kennels' Royal Ac
claim, 7-0; Aeneid Kennels' Matters Much beat
Pasha Kennels' Rustic Anna, 6-1; A. Mc-
Leod's Money Musk beat A. R. Curtis' The
Knocker. 0-3; Chiarinl Brothers' Cosette, a
bye; J. Regan's Flora Belle beat J. Conway's
Humming Bird. 26-14; A. Vanderwhlte's Hot
blugs beat G. Starr's Step On 7-1
DUFFEY LOIRS
SPRINT RECORD
SOMBER SETTING
FDR HORSE SHOW
MATTERS MUCH, THE /ENEID KENNELS'
ENTRY, FAVORED FOR STAKE HONORS
fifty runs, but "Willis, twelve ' not out,
proved a useful batsman.. McNaughton
also made twelve runs, but no other bats
man scored double figures. Richardson
took seven of the Alameda wickets and
Stratton captured two. Full details fol
low:
SANTA CRUZ CRICKET CLUB.
H. B. Richardson, b. Croll 3
A. Jenkins, b. Ward 2
E. G. Sloman, c. Willis, b. Ward 1
A. G. Sheath, c. Richter; b. Ward 0
P. D. Gellatly. b. Croll 0
J. B. McNamara, b. Ward 6
E. J. Stratton. c. Richter. b. Croll 8
H. F. Anderson, c H. Bird. b. Ward 9
W. Thomas, b. Croll 0
H. W. Stansfeld, .not out 3\
T. Brennan, b. Croll 1. 14
Leg bye 1. byes 4 5
Total so
{ Runs at the fall of each wicket — One for 3,
two for H, three for 6t four for 6, flve for 13,
six for 14. seven for 32, eight for 32, nine for
32. ten for 50.
SUMMARY OF BOWLING.
Bowler— "Balls. Runs. Maidens. Wick.
H. Ward... 72 27 5 5
F. Croll.. 75 15 . 5 5
B. Bird 6 3 ..
ALAMEDA CRICKET CLUB.
F. J. Croll c. McNamara. b. Stratton 8
Harry Bird c. Brennan. b. PJchardson .. 3
G. H. Ward Jr. c. McNamara. b. Stratton. 4
B. Bird, run. out o
J. McNaughton c. and b. Richardson..!!!! 12
V. Seebeck c. Sloman. b. Richardson . 5
F. Stahl b. Richardson \
W. J. Richter c. Brennan, b. Richardson" 5
A. Willis, not out .-. 12
H. Ward Sr. b. McNamara \\\ \
A. Dickenson b. Richardson * 6
Wide 1. leg. bye 1, byes 10 !!!!! 12
Total : -£
Runs at the fall of each wicket— On« for 13
two for 18, three for 18. four fcr 18 flve for 3°'
six for 42. seven for 48, eight for 48 nine for
58. ten for 71. •
SUMMARY OF BOWLING.
Bowler— Balls. Runs. Maidens. Wick
H. B. Richardson. 84 30 l
E. J. Stratton ... 42 17 \ o
W. Thomas 18 7 \
J. B. McNamara.. IS ' . 5 .. *£
To-day an Old England eleven will try
conclusions with a team representing
Young America. . s
WOODLAND, May 31.— The new time table
which goes into effect to-morrow morning Dro
vides for an additional passenger train between
Willows and Woodland.
Scout won. Terra Flrma second Crimean third
Time. 1:49%.
Fourth race. Junior Championship stakes, for
two-year-olds, six furlongs — Oleflant won. J.
Sidney Walker second. Lacy Crawford third.
Time. 1:18.
Fifth race, five furlongs — Claude won Size
second. Christine A third. Time. 1:04.
Sixth race, mile and a sixteenth — Silver Gar
ter won, Tlckful second. Lillian M third. Time
1:61%;
Seventh race, mile and a half — Wallabout
won. Chlckamaugua second, Gilbert third.
Time. 2:42Vi.
CINCINNATI, May 31.— Latonia summary:
First race, seven furlongs — Jane Oaker won,
Darlene second, Evelyn Bell third. Time. 1:28.
Second race, five furlongs — Tendon won Doc
Wood second. Olintse third. Time. 1:02%.
Third race, one mile, selling — Remp won,
Secundus second. Hand D third. Time, i -A'iYi.
Fourth race, Clipsetta stakes, two-year-old
filltes, five furlongs, value ?K>10 — Eva Russell
won. Flora Wllloughby second, Special Tax
third. Time. 1:02.
Fifth race, one mile, selling— Brief won Ed
Alack second, Dolly Wagner third. Time,
1:4214.
Sixth race, ecven furlong?, selling — Foneda
won. Clorita second,' Suave third. Time
1.OQ8' ' ¦ ' "
William C. Whitney's Colt Leads Out
Master man and Hyphen — Chicago
Races Transferred to Harlem.
NEW YORK, May 31. — King Hanover, own
ed by William C. Whitney, won tho Carleton
stakes for three-year-olds at one mile at
Gravesend to-day. It was reported late this
afternoon that Jockey Booker, who was se
riously hurt yesterday afternoon, was still un
conscious. Results :
First race, five furlongs, selllng-v-Stunts won.
Colonel Tyler second Mount Hope third.' Time,
1:01 4-5.
Second race, the Greater New' York steeple
chase handicap, full course — Miss Mitchell won,
Rowdy second. Perion third. Time, 5:01.
Third race, the Hudson stakes, for two-year
olds, five furlongs — River Pirate won. Sir Voor
hies second. Injunction third. Time, 1:00 4-5.
Fourth race, the Carleton stakes, for three
year-olds, one mile — King Hanover won. Master
man second. Hyphen third. Time, 1:40 1-5.
Fifth race, handicap, mile and a furlong —
Sadie S won. Herbert second, Dublin third.
Time, 1 :52 4-5.
Sixth race, mile and seventy yarfs, selling —
The Referee won. Lucky Star second. King
Ralne third. Time. 1:40.
•CHICAGO. May 31.— Owing to the fire which
destroyed the Hawthornc/grandstand last night,
to-day's card was run off at Harlem, where the
races for the six days remaining of the' Haw
thorne meeting will be run. Results:
First race, six furlongs — Doublet won. Bri
gade second, Joe Martin third. Time. 1:14 3-5.
Second race, six furlongs — Travers won,
Pomplno second. Frank Ireland third. Time,
1:15. •
Third race, short course, steeplechase^ — Falle
la won, Alice B second. Maze third. Time,
3:44.
Fourth race. Juvenile stakes, five and a half
furlongs — Early won. Watklns Overton second,
Sidney C. Love third. Time, 1:08 2-5.
Fifth race, mile and an eighth — Louisville
won. Otis second. Hermencia third. Time,
1:53 3-5.
Sixth race, mile and a quarter, selling — Com
pass won. Cherished second, Major Manslr
third. Time, 2:09^.
ST. LOUIS. Mo., May 31. — Fair Grounds
summary :
First race, mile and a sixteenth — El Caney
won. Joe Doughty second, Teagown third.
Time. 1:52%.
Second race, seven furlongs — Tom Collins
won, Tenny Belle second, Pure wood thlid.
Time, 1:31 Vi.
Third race, mile and seventy yards — Little
KING HANOVER IS* FIRST
IN THE CARLETON STAKES
Two-base hits— Hannlvan, Reilly, Leahy,
Shugart 2. Sacrifice hits — Toman, Hanlon.
First base on errors — Los Angeles 1, San Fran
cisco 1 First base on called balls — Oft Jones
3, oft Kane 3. Left on bases — Los Angeles 11,
San Francisco <i. Struck out — By Jones 2, by
Kane 3. Umpire — O'Connell. Time of game —
One hour and 50 minutes.
SUMMARY.
Los Angeles 2 0 0000100—3
Base hits 2 10 0 0 2 3 2 0—10
San Francisco 0 00010004 — 5
Base hits 0 10 0 1 1 0 0 &— 8
Totals ...35 5 6 1 27 15 3
•Batted for Lawler.
RUNS -AND HITS BT INNINGS.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
McNichols. 2b....... 5 0 0 0 3 5 0
McHale. 1. f * ? 0 1 0 0 0
Nordyke, lb 4 1 1 0 12 0 1
Shugart, 3b 4 12 0 3 2 2
Leahy c ..........«> 1*! u .[ J U
Holly's, s 4 0 0 0 .;{ .•! 0
Lawler. r. f. 2 1 0 0 10 0
Delmas, c. f 4 0 2 0 2 0 0
Kane, p 4 0 1 0 3 1 0
•Glendon 11 0 0 0 0 0
Totals .37 3 10 -2 27 11 _ 2
SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Toman, s. s. ....... J5 2 2 1 2 2 1
Hannlvan. 1. f C 1 2 12 0 0
Raymer 2b....: 5 0 0 0 2 4 0
Householder, c. f 5 0 1 , 0 ,4 1 0
Reilly, 3b... 4 0 10 2 0.0
Waddell. r. f 4 0 1 0 2 0 0
Anderson, c 4 0 1 0 3-1 1
Hanlon, lb. 30 1 0 10 0 0
Jones, p 4 0. 1. 0 0,3 0
LOS ANGELES.
L.OS ANGELES, May 31.— San Francisco
fell upon Jones in the ninth inning to-day
and batted out a victory. l?p to the last
inning Jones had held them down to
three hits. Six hits, two of them for two
bases, netted the visitors four* runs and
the game. The feature of the game was
Householder's throw from center field to
home plate in time to put out McHale.
Score: ,
Home Plate.
HOUSEHOLDER'S LONG THKOW.
Sends the Ball From Canter Field to
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
"Walters cf 4 0102 0 0
Mohler, 2b.' 4 0.2 0 2 2 0.
Lohman. c. ........ 2 2 1 0 4 0 1
McCreedie, -rf 41 10 2" 0 0
Devereaux. lib. 3 0 0 0 1 2 0
Dunleavy If 4 0 0 0 5 0 O
Francks, 's. s.... 4 0 0 0 3 11
Gorton, . lb. 3 2 2 < 1 7 1 1
Hodson. p. 3 11 0 0 3 0
Totals .„ .31 ~6 9 1 *26 0 3
•Hulen out; Infield fly.
SACRAMENTO.
' AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Doyle, cf ...3 1 1 0 0 0 0
Hulen, 2b .3 0 0 0 12 0
Sheehan, s. s 4 0 0 0 4 7 0
Kagan, lb 3 0 2 1 13 0 1
Graham, c. 2 0 0 0 4.2 1
Wagner, If. ........ 4 0 1 0 2 1 0
Hogran. rf . 4 0 1 0 0 0 0
Rellly. 3b 4 0 0 0 0 31
Steffanl p 2 1 0 0 0 4 1
SDowling 0 0 0 0 00 0
Totals .." 20 2 5 1 24 10 4
{Batted for Steffanl in ninth Inning.
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Sacramento ... 0. 0 1 0 10 0 0 0 — 2
Base hits 0 1 1 0 2 0 0 1 0—5
Oakland. 2 0 0 0 3 10 0 x— 6
Base hits 2 1 1 0 3,1 1 0 x— 9
. SUMMARY.
Three-base hit — Gorton. Two-base hit — Loh-'
man. Sacrifice hits — Doyle. Hulen. First base
on errors — Oakland 2, Sacramento 2. First base
on called balls — Off Hodson 5. off Steffanl 1.
Left on bases— Oakland 3, Sacramento 8. Struck
out— By Hodson 3. by Steffani 1. Hit by
pitcher — Devereaux, Lohman. Double. plays —
Wagner to Eagan; Graham to Reilly to- Gra
ham to Sheehan; Gorton to Francks. "Wild
pitch — Steffanl. Time of game— 1:45. Umpire
— McDonald.
There was never <any doubt in the
hearts of the faithful few who blew over
in the direction of Recreation Park yes
terday' as to who would possess ths
lumpy end of the finish of the baseball
game, but they went anyhow. It was the
oft-repeated tale of many errors for both
teams and many runs for one team.
Everybody knows who made the many
runs— Oakland and Sacramento" played.
Steffanl twirled for the Senators and was
bumped hard at the proper moment. The
score: .
The. arrangements for the match were
• admirable, and there was one of the
largest gatherings of English poloists
seen at Hurlingham for years. The ground
was rather sort after rain of- last night,
and. the bill did not travel freely at any
period. What, perhaps, was more aston
ishing than anything else was the Ameri
can ponies were at no time outpaced by
the English, although some famous ponies
were playing for England. It would have
been difficult to collect a better lot of
ponies. The American animals held their
o*n for speed and beat the English po
nils for handiness.
'Ihe hitting play of the -Americans was
magnificent. The English players were
sometimes close to the posts, and, in
deed, repeatedly shot at the goal. They
nearly always missed, or the ball was re
turned to them. Only three times in the
whole play did Buckmaster (English) have
a hit out from behind his own back line.
Nine times in one period the Americans
hit out of bounds to save their goali The
reason for this was that Waterbury's de
fense was nearly perfect.
An attack in so severe a game of polo
as was to-day's contest is bound to give
way at last if it fails to break the de
fenses, and so, when the welcome chance
came for the Americans to turn their po
nies and play with the ball instead of
against it, their forwards started fresh,
with a half-beaten, scattered team, op
posing them.
Then the long 1 practice of team play
told, and the Americans raced . through
their opponents as though the latter were
only novices, Agassiz (American) riding
off Miller (English), and Cowdin, Keene
and Waterbury (Americans) galloping ana
passing the ball from back to forward
with a series of splendid near side for
ward strokes. Thus Waterbury's defense
must be known as the main factor in the
victory. Then the American combination
play was much better than that of -the
Hurlingham four.
The Americans were always quicker on
the ball than their opponents.
LONDON, May 31.— The result of the
test polo match at Hurllngham to-day for
the American cup was a complete surprise
to all the experts, and was all the more
welcome to the huge gathering of Ameri
cans. According to previous form, the
Englishmen should have won. The Ameri
'can' team rose splendidly to the occasion
and played a nearly faultless game, much
better, in fact, than they ever played
heretofore. Waterbury and Keene were
the particular stars of the American team
and again and again saved the game.
Ponies of Visitors Beat Those
of Opponent'^ in Their
; . Handiness. ,
Senators Weak at the Bat
and Pile Up k Many
Errors.
Outcome of -the Inter
national Contest a
Surprise.
Oaklands Have No Diffi
culty in Finding
Steflani.
ANOTHER DEFEAT
FOR SACRAMENTO
AMERICANS WIN
THE POLO MATCH
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 1, 1902.
PORTLAND, May 31.— More than 10,000,000
feet ' of lumber was shipped from Portland by
water, during May.
NEW YORK, iMay 31.-The amateur
golf champion, W. J. . Travis, added the
title of Metropolitan champion to his
laurels by winning the final match to-day
of the Metropolitan Golf Association's
fourth annual tournament. Travis' .final
match was at thirty-six holes, with F. A
Marcellus of Yountakah.
26
4fi| c^5^Phew! ©alts
™*1 Castor Oil?
Why take sickening- salts or repulsive
¦^ . castor oil? "Goes through you like a
dose of salts" means violence, grips, gripes, gases,
soreness, irritation, and leaves your stomach and bowels
weak and burnt out. Might just as well take concen-
trated lye.. 'Then there's castor oil, disgusting, nauseat-
ing truck that your stomach refuses unless you disguise
the taste. Fool your own stomach, eh? Don't ever
believe that anything offensive to your taste or smell is
going to do you real good. Nature makes certain
things repulsive, so you will not take them. Force
yourself to nauseous doses, and you ruin your digestion,
weaken your bowels, destroy your health. j»^r^
On the other hand see what a delightful, J3hF >& e
palatable, perfect modern laxative, liver Y§<$!^&
regulator and bowel tonic you find in i!iffcZ^5f
/FfT\£*l\Tk O\V\ ? e8tlf °f *l»e Bowels. All )
Vjj . " JT^ Never sold in bulk. Tho ifiWSCV
C C C. Guaranteed to cure or your money back D vf \l£L\— L3 rtJIiv^^iaM
Sample and booklet free. Address Kin Si JA-<dE»_) TfflBk iJ^^f 8 ™^
Sterling Remedy Co., Chicago or New York. JEj>2fe?> VTT
I C jffiSlk ! New Cures Every Wesk f
I ' ' was ru P turec * six years, dur- %
S t^^^^^S^^^ in » w h' c h me I took treatment §
I- W0^^^^^^ twice, and after suffering much, |
| iifi^^^^p^ received no benefit. This year 1 |
1 t0 ° k - the FldeIUy Treatment - I
| -^^^^^^P^ which was almost painless, and |
§ am apparently completely cured, s
g solomon- hirscht. • ~ I am a hay~baler by occupation. I
d~ Windsor. Cal. J J ~ Q
g 6 o "SOLOMON HIRSCHY." |
g I write to advise you of my complete recovery |
from Rupture after suffering twenty-two years. I §
1 am 82 years old and was cured by you in six weeks ' §
2 without pain or loss of tim.\ |
I Yountville. Cal. D. JVL FRAME, Notary Public. I
J3 We have cured every case undertaken. We |
§ can cure YOU. g
I YOU PAY NOTHING UNTIL CURED. I |
I FIDELITY RUPTURE CURE, 261 barny St. 1
To show our sincerity and our confidence in our ability
We Will Not Ask for a Dollar
Until a Cure Is Effected,
We Mean This Emphatically, and It Is for Everybody. *
STRICTLY RELIABLE
SPECIALISTS
FOR
Men Exclusively
Q O C '¦ ©
-*«"" -"">»^ ¦ ' It certainly can be stated without fear of
Jgf contradiction that previous to our . ann,ounce-
'ngt ment of tlie importance of urethral lnflamma-
i8y V- ¦ tlon an< * chronic prostatic affections as factors
JjS , £2^^J» in disorders cf men, that treatment was eon-
KI ' ducted in an impracticable and unsuccessful
Vilv Jfe^ manner. Our brilliant cures and the adoption
\^t£r~V$2ij ' Ct OUr methods b y others is proof of its correct-
do not delude ourselves lor one moment
wSEsfcfH vbJ JMwgaBifly tnat *"«¦ ar <" tlie only specialists in the country
BHalBa K & JaESSB&SM that cure the so-called '"Weakness of Men."
/» jCjrCTjtlSSf but we do wish to introduce to patients of this
VSSSSfSJV iBSSSiBfiEF class certain sundry opinions we hold upon
such cases, which, although they may be at
'wSiEjjJjJ-gSySgjEy^' variance with ideas generally received, we are
¦UUP •¦ i^p convinced from practical experience are cor-
F. L. TALCOTT. M. D. rect.
o o o — — o
Modern Methods — > g
Scientific Treatment
Many Men Treated for a Weakness Which Never Existed.
In the largest proportion of cases Lost Vitality. Prematureness and the train of
eyrnptoms known as "weakness," certain morbid conditions of the urethra and pros-
tate Eland, damaged by contracted disorder, or too-often-repeated and too-long-con-
tinued excitement, so react on the organs that a condition of diminished vitality
and function is induced. Our knowledge of the morbid changes in the organs them-
selves is quite clear and full, but how these changes operate on the nerves and
spinal cord center are mysteries to the medical profession. Whatever the morbid
change may be, however, the effects are apparent to the embarrassed sufferer; these
trout les being symptomatic of the above-mentioned and well-defined morbid condi-
tions, it seems that even the unprofessional patient must understand that stomach
drugging will not cure, but efforts directed toward repairing - the damaged tract
will resjore. In practice such is the case, as the treatment on these lines never
fails to. accomplish the desired result.
A specialist is one who makes a specialty of a given thing. "We are special-
ists for men's diseases and disorders, and after an experience of many years' suc-
ceesful practice on this coast, in which time we have built up the largest practice
ever enjoyed by any firm in our special line, we can honestly state to the public
that in our practice we have yet to have a single patient who can say that he has
not been given the careful and successful attention of our Dr. Talcott Our cures
have been marked with that success due to the result of years of patient study
and the adoption of original methods in the treatment of the many cases that
have come before us for our attention. Many have adopted our methods, but no one
has been able to accomplish for the patient the positive and permanent cure which
has resulted in our treatment of cur thousands of patients. We have honestly
made each case placed in our hands an individual case, giving to It our thought
our experience and attention that lias won for us golden opinions from others in our
jirofessicn and the earnest regard of those who have come to us afflicted with th»
many disorders that man is heir to.
OR. TALCOTT& CO,
ml!40 MARKET STREET, Opposite Hal s's.
, , .
Send for our colored chart, interesting to those desiring to study Anatomy of
the Male. Sent free upon request.
DOES POTASH AND" ISIa i'l '\\
MERCURY CURE. IT? J|i\\ 1 \ 1|
' Experience says not, and thousands whose health i^^^^l Vy AS. |i\\ \'^
has been ruined by the use of these poisonous minerals, fc/Wj^^^vlV \ \\ /) \)
stand recidy to testify that, while j^Iercury and Potash 'I^^^^J:'. \\ \ --J^
njay mask the disease — drive it from the outside for a > /## . . -j^OlZ*^* 1^^
time, it comes back with renewed virulence as soon as J^
these drugs are left off, and thus the fight between Contagious Blood Poison and Mercury
and Potash is protracted for months and even years, resulting in a broken down constitution,
spongy, and tender gums, excessive salivation, decayed teeth, pains in the stomach, nausea,
ruined digestion, nervous dyspepsia, dizziness, and other distressing symptoms which always
follow the use of these poisons. • . - .«
They mask the hideous form of this serpent-like disease, but the deadly virus still,
hides in the system. THere is an antidote for
this awful poison; a reliable, certain and perma- A COMMON EXPERIENCE.
nent cure, for Contagious Blood Poison and About three years ago I had % screre case of Con-
that remedy is S. S. S. the greatest of all tagious Blood Poison, and tried doctors -without benefit,
bipod purifiers, and an experience of fifty years so I concluded to go to Hot Springs. A/ter remaining .
h£> proven it to be a true Specific for this vilest there .eae W the sores and eruptions £»«*«?]£
. f. , -!• i«i . 1 xt- • i.- rently the disease was cured, and I left for home. la
of all human diseases, which not only threatens abotx t three months aSter i^ ns the Springs the trouble
the life of the one contracting it, but is trans- camc batk worse than ew. I had often heard of S.S.S.,
mitted tO posterity with more Certainty than and wrote for your boot. At that time I was unable to
Cancer Or Consumption. work and had lost flesh until I did not look like the sama
Why continue the Mercury and Potash P««. ? 2 ?" S , S ; soon alie *. J h^f from
• J , - , . J i i • , you. and in a short time found to my great joy that everr
treatment, when by so doing you only complicate of di$ease was gone> and x £» gain J ed
the disease, burden the blood with another z now we i gn i O pounds more than I ever did.
poison, in time producing Mercurial 'Rheuma- Tiptonriiie, Term. G. P. Gussoit
tism, Sores, and a long train of evil consequences.
,S. S. S. being purely vegetable, leaves no bad after-effects, but invigorates t£e whole
system while cleansing the blood of the virus. S. S.-S. is the only known antidote for Con-
tagious Blood Poison — the only medicine that is able to unmask this venomous reptile and
drive it out of the blood. It has rescued thousands from the clutches of this horrible malady;
- •• •¦'¦• '•^¦e»'T B > 1»4. a fter Mercury, Potash, Hot Springs and everything else
fjp* m '9^t jfj^irTniTfo na ci failed to cure, and it will do as much for you. The .
\ I Cb^I^ I idea that Contagious Blood Poison is incurable, or must
run its course in spite of all human efforts to stop it, is the
|^V|j J tebfrLjl fl H^J^fr g veriest nonsense. S. S. S. does cure it radically and per-
ftj'**"^^ ife^^^L^ iL^""^^ manently, removing all traces of the original disease from
. r^^^^ — ' the blood and system, as well as the evil effects of the
Mercury and Potash. If you are a victim of Contagious Blood Poison, no matter what may .
be your present condition, whether the disease has just started or has reached a more |
dangerous stage, begin S. S. S. and a thorough and lasting cure is an absolute certainty.
To ever)'' one desiring to know more of this king of blood diseases, we will mail free i
a copy of our book, which explains in simple language the different forms, stages and.
symptoms of Contagious Blood Poison. You can consult our Physicians at any time and as
often as you please about your condition, without charge. Write them a history o! your
case and receive helpful advice that will enable you to treat yourself at home. All corres- ;
pondence is conducted in the strictest confidence.. . . j
- . THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO., ATLANTA, GA. |
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS,Ca!l at Santa Fe ticket office, fill Market
street, tor illustrated pamphlet and full par
ticulars. . . •
Th» quickctst and most convenient way in
r.t><* cut of ihc -Yoscmlte Valirjr is by way of
th<» Santa Fe. If you leavo han Francisco to
day st 9 a. m. on the California Limited you
are in Yoscmite to-mcrrow at '> p. m.
Yoscmitc Via the Santa Fe.
• George H. Wilson. Major C. E. Benedict,
<~aptaln C II. Korr>lx>ck; Knsign C. F. Phil
lips, Melville p. Forbes. General E. II. Black
General II. O. Brower. Colonel James W. Har
ris, Major George T. Sliav.-, Captain J. A. Fos
ter. John F. Brown. John McPhfreon. I". O
Clcascn, F. P. D»l-y and Robert II. Jones. v
After congratulations the drill corps of
Canton No. 5 pave an exhibition drill
which was well received. After that thero
was the ball. Among the specially in
vited guests were Colonel George w
Bauer of the University of California and
staff and Captain L. Schneider and the
members of the Independent Rifles The
affair was under the direction of the fol
lowing named:
This was followed by a solemn invoca
tion by Major George T.'- Shaw and a
prayer by Colonel Li L. Alexander, the.
brigade chaplain. The <]<?coration of chiv
alry, a gold :and' white enameled malteHe
crc<«s. having on its face a blood-red
heart iind crown." the wnole' pendant from
a bar on which there is the all-seeing
eye, was then pinned on the left breast
of each chevalier -by ¦ the hand of little
Jes=ie. daughter of Colonel J. AV. Harris,
the maid of honor, innocent in action and
pure in thought, and in return each chev
alier so decorated imprinted on the fore
head cf the child a kiss of purity. Tho
ceremony was closed by th« -warning of
the brigadier general to the live that they
must ever be mindful of the Inscription
on the decoration. "Be just, merciful
honorable and brave." '¦¦'. "
SOLEMN INVOCATION.
Tlie cantons were then formed in double
rank, halted, faced and each rank stepped
back three paces, crossed fiwords=. form
ing an arch under which the candidates
were, conducted under the escort of Gen
ral E. If. Black, who led them, to a stand
where there wus a bowl of; pure water
and informed them that they could not
enter won the ceremonies unless with
pure hearts, with clean, hands, and bid
them lave, which they did. They were
then presented to the brigadier general,
who bid them knpel on the right knee and
rair-<» the risrht hand, and in that position
they made solemn obligation to continue
in the work of friendship, love and truth
in which they had labored so continuously
and meritoriously as to win the proud
distinction about to be conferred upon
them. While the obligaxion was adminis
tered th<» members of the three cantons
Flood with uncovered heads and at the
close formed a circle and raising: their
swords en high all. pointing- toward a
common center, exclaimed. *'\Ve witness
th<? oath.'' and then returned to their for
mer position, while the chevaliers were
still kneeling the first lady of honor, Mrs.
George T. Shaw, delivered to each a gold
Epur; the second lady of honor. Mrs. Mary
B. Donoho, handed each a sword; tho
third lady 'of honor, Mrs. Ahna Isabel
Jensen, a pair of steel ring gauntlets,
and the fourth lady of honor. Mrs. LeJa
Zeisler. a pair of white silk gloves. -With
each presentation there was delivered a
fharg-e of the symbolism of each article
presented and how each should be used.
FORM IN DOUBLE RANK.
In the early part of the evening there
was concert musjc by the orchestra for
half an hour, after which the cantons
of the patriarchs from this city, Oak
land and Vallejo entered the hall and
were formed In three, sides of a hollow
square, the fourth being formed at the
head of the hall by Brigadier General
Brower, commanding the patriarchs of
the State, and the members of his staff,
all In. fuli dress uniform. The drill corps
of Canton No. 5 was then admitted and
took its position In the center of the
square, after which the chevaliers selected
to receive the honors entered, but were
halted at the inner portal by the senti
nel, who. being informed of the purpose
of the visit and the examination of cre
dentials, made the announcement of the
advent of the five applicants for honors
and was told to conduct them through
the proper avenues that they might re
ceive the decoration. .
There was a large attendance In Odd
Fellows" Hall last evening to take part
in the grand military bail given by Canton
San Francisco No. 5 of the Fatfiaichs
Militant, 1. O- O. F., to celebrate the piac
tng of gold spurs and the decoration of
chivalry on live chevaliers in recognition
of general good worn in behalf of the
order or Odd Fellows. The large number
present was an evidence of the popularity
of .San Francisco Canton. ¦ Those who wen
the? highest distinction that can be con
ferred outside of selection for the high
ottioo In the Sovereign Grand Lodge are
Captain C H. KornbecK, commanding
Canton No. 5; Lieutenant C. L. 2eigler of
the same canton: Knsign S. Samuels and
Chevalier John McVey of Canton No. 11
of OaKiand and Chcvaiier H. p. Kichard
son of Canton No. 16 of Vallejo.
tion lor Meritorious
Services.
Odd Fellows Receive Decora-
Patriarchs IVLlitant Hold
! koieran Ceremony
! in Hail.
FIVE CHEVALIERS
WIH GOLD SPURS
THE SAN FRANCISrO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 1, 1902.:
27
ADVEETISEMENTS.
Men's Diseases
:>_— — ; — _o
O. C. JOSLEN, M.D.
The Leading Specialist. -
6 — a
My Methods
Are My Own.
W** HEX I FIRST ANNOUNCED
my discovery that so-calel
"vre&kntss" in men is not weak-
ness, but merely a symptom of
chronic inflammation - at the vital
center of the reproductive system,
a lingering result of some con-
tracted disorder, cr brought on by
*arly dissipation or accidental in-
Jury," not one physician In a thou-
is&nd turned from the old moss-
grown thf-ory that weakness Is a
specific nervous disease. But my
\mequa!e<i success in curing this
disorder has epnvinced a majority
of the profession, and even spe-
cialists *ho have until recently ad-
vocated the use of powerful tonics
ar.d electric appliance, and they
now openly announce in their ad- '
vertisrag the correctness of my dis-
covery. But there is only one Jos-
len treatment for inflammation of
the prostate, and if is the treat-
ment that first demonstrated the
fact that loss of rower in maa is
curable.
c 6
O a
"We kness."
Contrary to th«? popular idea, th;
ttrotigfst «xid moft rubust of "men
Err as commonly afflicted with so-
called ••weeVn«es" us are those of
deli'-ate constitution. This fa<-t alens
. in tafflrient to dteprmc the old tli^-
t> - ih»t prenrnt«]reu*-Fs and loss «t
>••¦**, »re due tn general Impov-
eriRhnifiit cr lark of nervous force,
end should wlso » .-luiilit-li the in-
corrrctnr?s of any fysttm of treat-
ment calcuiafd |m restore The nor-
mal functior.3 hy « stimuiatine
.froctt*. The- r--al dimrJer Is not
a nervc-us ove_ b\i: is simply a t-tat?
of tcn0«nce«a an.i Chronic Inflam-
mation in :he prostate gland. v.Hh
the functloncl dfrangement. th»
•T\rakr.ets," a« its prominent
Eyroptom. .This tender, cwollen
an-i fnfarn<d condition of th?
prewar* may be « Uwetlag result
ol fonit contraciTd disorder, or
r.:ay be <iw to early dissipation or
:n;ur.v of any son... My tteatmrnt
in a;i C35 fs \« a local one cxCu.
BiveJr. an<i u tho"; rostatic dUcrdc-
13 ..vercom'. full ana complete
KtraiXtB *tvJ \i*ror icturn. I have
tr^ate.1 ihousiinciK of caSes without
a s!i:?!e disappointing result, and
am coovlnoeil that by no other
method tun a thorough ar.d pcr-
rr.ar.ent cure be «<x. orl ,pH<,h e< j-
c ; — ; a.
T- 1 cure variooooie by an absolute- ]
!y palnl'^-.s method, arjd it Is es-l- I
iConi nec-cssary that the patient be'
detained from badness. In ever}' I
lactuior 'he cuie is complete and I
i.f-rir.i.i)ont. ar.d tb» trttiment en- j
. : &
Conirarted isord?r§.
In no' ether ailment v«?eu!iar to
r.r_i\ is a prompt and thorough cure
fo r Wflillil. Contra-ctrd disorders
t<na t-'» work backwarrl until the
rni.'ft v s tal nerve centers becom^
ir.volvM in the fnf!amn;ation. Then
follows a rfcroole stajre that etub-
bcrnix resists Hi! crdinar>- treat-
ment. Safety cemaniJs that every
.veeUgtt of infection br eradicated
fct the earliett possible moment.
My irca.tn-ifnt ia thorough. The
reme<il;t employed have a more
positive action than has ever before
beers attained, and so perfect is my
method cf Application thet even
I caroaie ca5es ; ieM oompletely. ¦
C — &
r My Uealintnt f^r Ppecirtc BtoottT
I P<-iscn neutralizes ar.d <!llmlr.ate-s
I the very Ja.st taint <f vitxs from
I the system, and all this is arconi-
j rlishe4 without th* us.- of danger-
I O'js mineralf. I afford you a com-
I rlcte and permanent cure
o _ „&
G — -^
] Write for my copyrighted ram- i
I pblet. "Liv# All Vour Tears a I
I Man." Mailed fie t . ConsuHation I
I free at office ot by mall. - I
c — — -o
DR. O. C. JOSLEN,
1049 Market Street,
Diigcnatly Opposite inbernla Bank.
SYNOPSIS OFANNUAL STATEMENT
— or the- —
Connecticut Fire
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF HARTFORD. IN THE STATE OF CON-
nectlcut, on the 3lEt Cay of December
1501.
CAPITAL. <
Amount et casital stock said up
in full fl.OO.OOO 00
ASSETS. —
Ft.ocki *nd tond* owned 52.297.840 00
VUu« of real e*Ute owned 217.0f» CO
Loan* en bonds and mortgagee.. 1.19.1.760 00
C*sh on ban* and in bank 332.603 SI
Premiums In course of collection
and tranemUEiou 217.41$ 71
TolU edmltted acsets J4.318.6H 62
LIABILITIES. . . : . . == -
Or->»B rlaim» for lo«te» unpaid.. $ 279,043 C2
Amount of unearned nrcmium on j
all outstanding risks , 2,031,144 70
Total Liabilities $2,310, 138~a2
Total lneurerce in force Decem-
ber SI. 1001 552S.331.270 00
INCOME.
Fremiums received darinr the
year in cash $2,377,136 67
Intere»t and dividends received
during th« year 166, 4S5 60
RrnU received during the year
net 6,502 C5
ToU! Income $2,533.12-4 08
EXPENDITURES. -. ~
I^ofs^s paid during th« year $1,362,726 41
Dividends paid during the year
on capital Btock 100,000 00
Commissions end salaries paid
during the year C73.9tt> IS
Taxes P«ld during the year 72.878 46
Amount of all other expenditures 172.195 »O 1
f2.3Sl.749 «5 j
PACIFIC DEPARTMENT,
411 CALIFORNIA ST.
BENJAMIN J. SMITH, Manager.
COLIN M, BOYf /gent for San Prancisso.
tWONQ WOO,
CHINESE TEA AND HERS
SANITARIUM.
76S-66 Clay St., S. F., Cal.
. \ LL DISEASES CURED
Hl ezcludvely by Chines*
h '?ht. over 2000 varieties lielng raed. . llouis,
• :30 to 11 *. m .. X to 3 and 7 toT'J p.m. I
I CORONADO TENT GITY I
I Gqrbnado Beach, Ca !. 1
I BATHING, FISHING, BOATING, 8
| GOLF, TEA GARDENS, VAUDEVILLE, §!
| ' PING-PONG, DANCINGr BOWLING §
i ft and all ether amusements, with one of the finest bands in the West and several fine w
i £k crchestraB. . Economical, comfortable and amusing. . ¦ Mi
& , Round trip tickets from San Francisco, including ground and water rent, ;3 '
* new on sale at: ¦'. . % '& '
K . Atchison. Topeka & Santa Fe Ry. Co., 641 Market St. ,J(ta4JSO 8'
&£p} Southern ; Pacific Ry. Co... 613 Market Str...: .....'.:...... ..:...f34.5O S
i% . Pacific Coast S.S. Co., 4 New Montgomery St. ...........^sa3.00 . ;:' k
n Persons bringing their own tents and holding Coronado excursion tickets o
Q ever the Santa Fe, Southern Pacific or Pacific; Coast Steamship Co. are not O
3 charged for ground and water rent, as the excursion tickets include ail this, Q
S . as well as the street car and ferry trip to and from the train, and transfer ot S
w 150 pounds of baggage. . . ,' • • 8
« Persons who bring their own tents, but not holding Coronado excursion S
« .tickets, will have to pay $1.50 per month ground rent, which includes tree Q
Q ' use oi. water. • ' g
v Persons bringing their own tents can rent furnishings at the following 8
S prices per week: .: . ILr
S Double bedstead with spring and cotton mattress, $1 25; cot, single. 25c: spring S
<i> cot, double, COc; mattress, single, 25c; mattress, double. 50c; pillows, Sic; blankets. S
<ij 25c: comforters, 25c; table. 25c; campstool. lvc; chairs, 25c; rocking chairs, 30c; g
M gasoline stoves, 50c; oil stoves, 25c; washstands, complete, 35c; cooking utensils for &
S> three persons, .5c; lamp, with oil, 35c. • . , . O
jrt .' . Prices per month double the weekly rates. • • .' S
iS ' Furnished tent - for : one person. $12 per month. For two persons. $20, and each y\
« additional person 55 • per^ month. Furnished tent - comprises beds. beddlnK, table*. $5 '
JV ¦ wash stands, rocking:, folding and camp chairs,' clean linen, towels, water, dally care * '
ft of tent and laundry of tent linen. Tent»' electric lighted. ¦ Perfect sewerage. '
S For pamphlets and fuli particulars call on "° ' ¦ -8
ALL ATTRACTIONS
For the Bummer the Hotel Vendorae'
management announces many new at-
tractions at that popular, resort. Two
magnificent swimming pools are near
the hotel and guests may have all the
pleasure of seaside resorts. Bowling,
\ :¦ at
solf, tennis and ping pong are among
the many diversions. Johanr.sen's Or-
chestra will be there all the time.
Automobile coaching from the hotel
- throughout . the valley. . *
GEORGE P. SNELL., Manager.
HOTEL VfcNDOME,
8 AN <!OSE, CAL.
- __ -v — — . Nature's own selec-
f-'fl ifr? tion for a health ana
L. \JA\ ¦¦ pleasure resort ' be-
____ . _ _i_ w _ cause ofthe curative
HP A T TH • Properties of its mud
UjLijH p . JL JL1 and f ulphur baths for
rheumatism, in°om-
A KT T\ nfa . Bout, neuralgia.
/VjPilJ llver.kldneyand blood
diseases. Has every
T\» t3 A CTTTVC natural advantage for
PLEASUKE yffl&jgyaa:-
OTTO E. NEVER, Prop.
C. M. ARNOLD, 640 MarKct, S. F, Ajt.
Byron J4ot Springs
CONTRA COSTA CO., CAL.— Fine
hotel, modern Improvements, perfect ap-
pointments. Suites with mineral baths.
These wonderful waters and hot mineral
and mud baths cure Rheumatism an4 Ma-
laria without fail.* Address Manager, By--
roii Hot Springs, Cal. Call on Lombard &
Co.. 86 ) Geary »t. ¦ - .." v
Lake Tahoe Ry. and Transportation Co.
Lv. Truckee (Rail) T a.m. Ar. Tahoe City 6 a.m.
Breakfast at Tahoe Tavern -.
Lv.TohoeCity(Steamer)9a.m. ArTahoeCHy5pm.
Supper ft Tahoe Tavern
LvTaboeCltyiK*ll)0 :30p.m. Ar.Truckee7:20p.m.
TAHOE TAVERN,
LAKE TAHOc.
"NOT BETTER THAN THE BEST, BUT
• EETTEIl THAN TUB REST." ...-
Will formally open for guests June 12th. Bald
to be "finest mountain hotel west ofthe Rocky
Mountains," Try It and form your own opinion
l^urlns June you can obtain good room and
board for $3 per day, but you can spend more
If you want to.
. For folder eivinc full description call at the
S. P. Information Bureau, under Grand Hotel,
or write to TAHOE TAVERN, TAHOE CITY,
CAL.
THE TALLAC.
Lake Tahoe, with many additional attractions,
among them the splendid new anrcsjment ' pa-
vilion. Resident physician.
Address M. LAWRENCE & CO.. TaHae. Cal.
Note— Positively no consumptives taken.
For descrlDtlve pamphlet call at S. P. In-
formation Bureau. 613 Market «t.
ERCCK WAY, LAKE TAHOE,
OPEN JUNE I.
To avoid dlsapreeabte waiting for narrow
gauge and steamer, take . •
THE BROCKWAT TALLYrHO
Over our short cut. " It meets the morning
train at Truckee Sundays and Thursdays.
LAKE TAHOE.
Lakeside Park. Now open. Hotel, cottages
and tents. Delightful camping grounds near
steamer landine; furnlrhed tents to rent. Kor I
descriptive circulars and terms address E. R. '
Smith & Co.. Statcllne P. O.. El Dorado Co., Cal.
L-^K. ? TAHO",'
Glenbrook. Nev. Lake shore house and cot-
tages. Best fishing on the lake. Partially fur-
nished cottages fcr campers. Write for particu-
lars and rates. D. COBRILLAND, proprietor.
RUB*CO'** S^RIMG^
Open .Tun* 1<V Connections by stage daily
with steamer. Rates. $2 to $2 2T. per day; S12
to $14 PSr week. D. ABBOTT. ProD., Mc-
Kir.ne.vs, Lake Tahoe, Cal. ; ¦
. — —— — ¦ '-. — ¦•— ¦ ¦'¦-'¦
RUBICON PARK.
Delightful summer resort on shore of Lake Ta-
hoe. Everything new. Bestt beach- for bathins
on the lake. Fishing, hunting. . Boats, fishing
tackle: saddle honfes at moderate hire: $2 per
day, or |10, $12, $14 per week Postofflcs. tel.
A. L. Frost. Rubicon Park, Lake Tahoe. Cal.
DEER P RK INN PN > COTT/CES.
U mllea from LAKE TAHOE. Typical resting
place; 6607 feet elevation. • Mineral springs.
Take 6 p. m. train. S. F. Send for booklet.
J. B. SCOTT. Deer Park. Cal.
T « *-» r? I IN "v .
Tahoe City, one mile from N»W Hotel. Now
open. Wrlteifor terms. MRS. VADE BRTSON.
prop. *' -V ' ¦ ¦ ¦
TSOCK" RIVER COUINT cr L \^.!
Summer Resort and Sportsmen's Ledge. Firh-
)ng unexcelled; fish hatchery. Second season.
Send for booklet. W.' C. Foulks. Verdi, Nev.
.- ¦ • -
LAKE COUNTY, CAL;
/ ¦ -
For stomach, liver ar.d kidney troubles—
positive cure for constipation. New kltchea
and dining-room, under the supervision of Cart
Raymond and Hans Mortensln and assistants,
recently from Hotel del Coronado. Flv« nv»
houses. Room for all. We have mora testi-
monials from people cured than all other
springs combined.
For further narticulars and printed matte*
at Travelers' Information Bureau. 20 Mont-
gomery st., San Francisco.
, , DR. W. R. PRATHEK.
Adams Springs.
In Santa Cruz Mountains, Half Mils
From Big* Tree Grove.
Buy ticket to Camous Station. For partlcu- |
lars and booklet write THOS. L. BELL. P. O..
Felton. C&l. Opens June 1st.
YOSEMITE VALLEY,
BIO OAK FLAT AND TOSEMITE STAGE
CO. — Running directly through the Tuolomn*
Big Tree Grove. Special rates for teachers and
parties. Staging Z\~ hours first afternoon and
0 hours next Jay, arriving at Yosemlta Valiey-
5 p. m. Send for Illustrated folder. WM. J.
WHITE. Gen'l. Agent, K>0 Market st., epposit*
Palace Hotel. S. F. : tel. Black 3571.
TROUT FISHING.
Best in State at BOCA. CAL.
For information address Boca Hotel. Boca.
Kev. Co.. Cal.. en TP.UCKEE RIVEK.
riMPTAVI^ft HOTEL, camp cottage*
vAiill lAlL'jR and grounds, private pic-
nics." bowling alley, tennis, boating, trout fish-
ing, telephone. Call at Traveler, 20 Montgom-
ery street H. G. MARTIN. Proprietor.
LAKEPORT AND OARTI.ETT SPRING3
STAGE LINE — Hopland to Bartlett Springs.
via Lakeport. carrying passengers for Lakeport
and Bartlett Springs. Stages connect with train*
at Hopland. I -cave Homland at 12:30; arrlva as
Lakeport at 3:30; a.rrive at Bartlett Springs a:
7:30. New 6- horse 14-rassenger tourist wagons,
made to order for this sun line, with at: tin
most moderr imDrovements. Passenger* for
Lakeport or Bartlett Springs call for tickets by
Bartlett Sciinzs Stage Line. Tickets can ba
had at offlce Cal. Northwestern Ry., 650 Mar-
ket st, or at Tiburon Ferry.
MILLER & HOWARD. Proprietors.
VTf-jjv '^PT'TlfS— 3 milea from Uklab.
K endocino Ca . Natural electric waters.
'champagne baths-. Only placa In the world of
this class of waters having continuous flow of
natural warm water direct from springs to
tubs. Lovely ground3, flshinpr. hunting. Crys-
tal Springs. Accommodations: table first-class.
J. A. REDEMEYER & CO.. Props.
"«t I N THE SIERRAS." TURNBACK INN.
I Tuolumnc Cal., 25o." feet above sea level.
Hotel Nevills. Jamestown. Cal.. 1171 feet
above sea level: on lino of Sierra Railway.
When you go to or return from Yosemlte or
Hetch-Hetchy valleys", a good place to stop;
most elegant appointed hotels in the mountains.
orrH^RDFOV'S SP^TTtfGS — Ten
• »fniJe3 from Chico. Cal. Ncted for being a
sura cur* for rheumatism, malaria, dyspepsia,
blood and kidney diseases, nervous troubles,
etc. A dead enemy of poison oak and skin dis-
eases. Hotel and batha open entire year. J,
V. RICHARDSON. Prop.. Chtco. Cal.
I A REIN SPRINGS — Most desirable In L*k»
»Co. ; contain sulphur. iroi\ magnesia and
arsenic; wonderful cures of iheumatism, ca-
tarrh kidney liver and stomach troubles; new
gymnasium, bowling alley, handball court and
Hlliard room. Round-trip Uc&fcta, 3. P. offlce.
$3. J. A. HAYS. Prop.
LANTATION HOUSE. IS miles from Caza-
dero — Grand redwood and mountain scenery:
rood trout fishing: plenty of fruit, cream and
milk Daily n#ll, stage from Cazadero. Through
fare. R. R- ind stage, $3 50. For particulars
apply J. Luttringer. Sea View. Sonoma Co.. Cal.
OTEL DB REDWOOD— Santa Crua Mts.
Among the grand old trees; board $3 and
»10 aweek: fare, return ticket. $2 50. M. 3.
COX Laurel, Santa Cms County. Information
at Peck's Bureau. 11 Montgomery St.
T. SAN FRANCISCO RANCHO— THIS
homelike resort la located in the Santa
Cruz Mountains. C miles from CapltoU. Good
table board, hunting and flshioff- Address B.
D. WEBB. Soquel. Cal. , ¦
OUNTAIN VIEW RANCH— HOTEL. COT-
tages wall-known table. Phone, swlmmln*.
dally mall: campers to Glenwood, Including
carriage. S3 73 round trip.
* ' FRANK R. PAXy. SanU Cms.
ILLOW RANCH— Quiet foothill ranca, I
miles from Santa Cms; delightful homf
In redwoods: abundant fruit: good table; $8 55
per wesk. MRS. WM. CRANDELL, SanU
Cruz.
THE OAKS a favorite summer resort on
Brand forte drive, 5 miles from SanU Cruj;
daily mail, fishing, home cooktnj. Address
MRS. CZARINA SMITH MILL8, Santa Crna.
A-WWATVATT3 FARM. SANTA CRU2
MOUNTAINS, cottages and rooms to let, fur-
nished or unfurnished for housekeeping. H.
J. SEEGELKEN. Los Gatos Postofflce. Cai.
GARDEN CITY SANITARIUM, San Jose, Cal.
One of the best equipped on the coast. Every
variety of water treatment, electricity, mas-
sage. JC-ray^^
BELLEVUE HOTEL— El ¦' Verano. Sononw
County, Cal. Terms, $1 CO per day anJ
upward. Long distance telephone. | Hot min-
eral EprhTgsnearby^PeterGouailhaTdou^Prop.
R~ IVERSIDK HOTEX. and cottaxea; 73 nu;
Santa Cms. Cal. Near Beach. Rates to
families. Information at It Montgomery sC
Free bus. Lens: ditt. phons. Fred Barstfn. Pro»
KING'S RANCH— Six miles from Cazader*.
Elevation 12C0 fast: among the redwoods.
Hunting, fishinsr. Term*) $lt) a week* family
rates. Address WM. KINO. Cazadero. .
RAND CENTRAIi 'HOTEL. Guernevtlle,
Ca.'. — New management; thoroughly r»-
fitted at:d imoroved. Headquarters for hunters
and Oshera. Add. F. PLATH. Guemevllle. Cal.
ISSON TAVERN.- near Mt. Shasta. Par-
tlculars "Information Bureau," 20 Mont-
Eomery »t.. or MRS. L. M. SIS3ON. Sisron. Cal.
BERGHEIM— Two mlle3 from Los Gatoa
¦ home cooking. P. DISOUE. Los Gatoa, Cal.
STAGE LINES AND LIVEBIES.
L"~A~7lONDA"alid PESCADERO— Through tha
redwoods to the ocean. Hayward"*, Weir's,
Beilvale Plgecn Pt. and Santa Cruz. Buy B.
R. tickets to Redwood City. 0 a. m. train. 3J
and Townsend sts.: 9:20 a. m. from San Jose.
Add. WALTER KNIGHT. Redwood City. Cal.
ririr CTiDI CC Uklab- Tourists, camp.
faAllLC MABLCJers. hunters. *Wrttf» w
H.' A.- E!dred for rates for any kind of turnout.
PESCADERO^ — San Mateo and. Pescader-i
stage line, via Halfmoon Bay and Sat»
Gresorio, dally all year; twice a day to Half-
moon Bay. Lvs. San Mateo 10 a.m.& 4:13 p. m.
FASHION STABLES. UKIAH AND WIL-
lits Tourists, canuien, hunters, writ© J.
H SniltTi. Ukiah. Smith & Taylor. W!Uiti. toi
any kind of turnout. -
[LROY Fashion Livery; gocd service; real
rates. . Ofc. Gilroy Spr. stage. H. MayocX,
SANTA CRUZ— San Lorenzo Stables. »tjrl'
ls!» rigs. " Reasonable prices. ¦ • ¦ »
j I SOPA SPRINGS 1 Cal
I fcjip^^jpi '¦> yc*-.k y- ,^ * 2 y** 1^^* *^i*l Tl '<¦ /tf iV ' ' * •**'^ ' *^-^-
- COR HEALTH AND PLEASURE GO TO
' * Napa Scda Springs. Situated 1000 feet
- above the Beautiful Napa Valley. Hot and
" Cold Soda Baths. Shetland Ponies and Burros
5 for Children. Two trains daily, 7 :S0 a. m. and
[ 4 d. m. Address ¦
!. DOLLMAXN & JACOBS. Napa Soda Springs.
! I BriK.LbTi >Prt.i/,G> I
! Here Is an opportunity to gain Health and
J Strength: also, have a , pleasant vacation,
i RATiS Hetel $10 to $15 p.r week. to«e-
j ft.-llLJ. keepj. g Cctttgei $3 to s IS per week.
'. Send for Illustrated booklet. Two routes:
. Via C. & X. w. Railway and S. P. Co.
AMUSEMENTS.
s ' GEORGE WATSON, manager of arttuse-
5 merits: llahn'a Orchestra: dancing every
i week day evening; Tennis, Bowling, Cro-
• , quct. Billiards, irhuffle-Board. Ping Pong,
Livery, Burros; Swimming Tank. 2OxS0;
Hot Water. Vapor, Tub. Mineral and Ko-
I man Baths: competent Massagists: Guides,
> TJogs and Horses for Hunting and Fishins;
t fehjady Drives and Walks. /
. i BAIJTLETT SPRINGS CO.. ! .
I P. O.. Bartlett Springs,
1 i Or No. 2 Suiter Street, San Francisco.
j: e - _ °
•'/ET >J A S t RINGS
N«pa County,
Is Absolntely- Clean.
j A pictorial booklet mailed to you for the
1 a^rlslns. EDWARD L. SANFORD,
! Manager.
LYTTON SPRINGS.
Always open. Finest mineral baths & plunge.-
Na staging. Every comfort and amusement.
Tlburon feny. 7:30 a.m., 3:3f. p. m. Informa-
tion of DR. HENSLEE. SOT Suiter Et. Phone
SuUer 2371, 11 Montgomery st, or A. V.
: MORSE, Lytton, Sonoma County, CaK ¦ . - ,
, i — : ~~ ¦ ~ r ~-. ~~ ~^"
; rt I || I Napa County. The most
Vt MOICI1Q charming Epot In Callfor-
Ull BlDlljElu nia - Ideal for a summer
V!l ¦iWiWilM vacation. Drives over
. picturesque and sprinkled roads. Good hotels.
Hummer resorts adjacent. Special round trip
tickets, good from Saturday until Monday.
52.50. Take boat foot- of Market street. 7:30
a. rn. and 4. p. m. . .-.' ./ . . . ..
HO! FOR BLUE LAKES!
Uoating 1 , Bathing.- Fishing and Huntihg;*new
• tennis court, mineral spring?. Our famous
Wfclte Bulohur Springs are known to all. Send
. for new pamphlet. . O. ( WEISMAN. Midlak*
P. O., Lake County, or call at offlce of C. N.
W. R. R. Co.. 650 Market st.
| HOWELL MT,,WBOOWQRTH'S
j Residence of 27 yeare; eeoond year of sum-
¦ mer r^fort. Purest of spring water. Home
ftoit, vegetables, milk. ttc. No fog. Ternn $7
per wefk. Addrejs WOOD WORTH & M'JL-
LKR. St. Helena. Cal.
l> (\XI71yA pnnin In the beart oft5le Sant »
KOWdruCEflaU Cruz Mo«ntai Mf yet
near enough to the ocean
for a daily salt water «wim. Red'sroods tnd tea breezes
— * wonderful combination. Souvenir booklet free.
Peck's Information Bureau, II Montgomery Street,
S. F.,or B. DicVin.'op, Lefjee, Ben Lomond. Cal.
)• ¦ .___ J
EL BONITO HOTEL.
¦ The largest aad best appointed hotel In Rus-
j, slan River Valley. Excellent hunting, fishing
¦ and boating; fine scenery; pure spring water;
newly renovated: new furniture, "r. C. CAL-
! HOL'N, Proprietor. Duncans Mills. Cal. For
inlormation and rates inquire of Peck's Bu-
reau. 11 Montgomery St., or write R. C. Cal-
hour, Proprietor.
OM A HOM^^n^y-CAliP NlEKE2
Free from fog and wind. LKjts $10 up. Cot-
j tages built $5« up. Heating-, bathing, tontine;
ground. Board and lodging, $7 up. Sawmill,
depot, store, postofflce. Sausallto ferry. $3
round trip. Address M. C. MEEKER. Camp
Meeker. Soccma County.
AGUA CALIEi\TE.
Also known as California Hot Springs. . So-
noma Valley. No staging;' via C. N. Ry. or S.
P. R. R. Immense swimming surface. Splendid
table. Come Sundays and try it. Round trip
I $1 10. Telephone; many improvements: $12
and $14. THEO. RICHARDS, Proprietor,
Agua Calipnte, Cal. ¦ -
f\ 1 I * g\\£ H0T SPR I* GS —
Ill ) j " S 3 climate, scenery unsur-
IliS massed. Camnins privl-
U I Ea V! | leges now. Trains from
m—a^mm—mmmmmmm Third and Towns-nd StS.,
0 a. m., 2:45 p. m. Literature on application.
R. ROBERTSON. Gilroy Springs, Cal.
CO? CRESS SPRINGS.
. A charming resort In the Santa Cruz Mts. :
2 hours from Sap Francisco; delightful cli-
mate; ewimmine and all sporls; table unsur-
iinssed; best mineral water on the coast; open
all the year. K. IT. GOODMAN. Manager. ,,
CLIMB MOUNT SHASTA 7
From Sieson. Address H. McGuinness, Prop.
EL MONTE HOTEL. Slsson. Cal. Expa-
rienced gulJes at hotel.
HorriN strings.
. These Mineral Springs are pleasantly located
on the hillside, immediately adjoining the well-
known Baitlett Springs. Lake Co., Cal. Hotel
Plessant View is again run by the owner,
MRS. HOPPIN. ¦ . .
"THE' GROVE,"
Lake Tahoe. half mile east of Tallac. Hates,
$2 per day. ?9 per week; meals.- Wlc; good sad-
dle horses and the best of livery; boats free to
all guests. J. E. PARMETER, proprietor,
Tallac P. P., Cal. - ¦ ¦
SARATOGA SPRINGS
#Bftter than ever this year. Booklet and full '
information at Peck's, 11 Montgomery st., or
R. R. offlce. 630 Market, or John Martens,
Bachelor P. P.. Lake Co., Cal.
MOUNTA N HOME "
At foot of Loma Prleta, highest point In Santa
Cruz Mountains. Grand scenery. Fishing, hunt-
I ing and swimming. Table and ; climate unsur.
passed. Stage at- Madrone Monday, Wed. and
Sat. Train leaves S. F. 9 a. m. dally. Send for
•ouvenlr. VIC PONCELET. Llagas. Cal.. Prop.
HOTEL EL MONTE,
LOS GATOS.
Under new management. Now open for
business. Rates. $3 to $15 per week.
SUMMEU RESORT, '
Among the Pins Hills; altitude' 2024 feet: $7
per week; first-class accommodation. Before
going elswhere write to CHAS. GROTTIANY
Applegate. Placer County, Cal.
FOREST MOTEL, •
ALMA.
Santa" Cruz Mountains. Good trout fishing.
Rebuilt and reopened. B. BOHME. Prop.
• HOTEL LA HONDA.
' ITUATED IN THE REDWOODS. GOOD
<-* trout fishing. Season now open. Long dis-
tance . phone. . MRS. L J. SEARS, La Honda,
faaa Mateu County, Cal. >'.;..¦*. . ...
HIGEA1 SPRINGS
ALWAYS OPEN.
The famous health and pleasure ( resort of-
Lake County. Finest waters for the cure of
LIVKR. KIDNEY, MALARIA. RHEUMATISM
and STOMACH TROUBLES. Every comfort
and amusement. FREE SWIMMING TANK,
CROQUET. TENNIS. Regulation Bowling Al-
ley, Riding and Driving Horses; Splendid Trips
Id Mountains or Valley. _ .
NOTE SPECIAL RATES.
One person In room, "small hotel". .?10 per.week
Two persons in room, ."small hotel". jlS per week
One person in room, "cottages". .. .$11 per week
Two persons In room, '"cottages".. .?20 per week
One person in room. "MAIN HOTEL"
$12 and $14 per week
Two persons in room, "MAIN HOTEL" ....
?-0 and $22 per week
Special inducements for School Teachers or
Families desiring to remain by the month.
For illustrated pamphlets, photographs and
analysis of waters call on Tourists' Information
Bureau, 11 Montgomery, cr The Traveler offlce,
I 20 Montgomery St., or write direct to CRAIG
I & WARNER. Highland Springs, Lake Co., Cal.
SANTA CATALINA ISLAND,
3>2 hours from Los Angeles.
Advantaeres. attractions and amuse-
ments impossible elsewhere; ninth sea-
son; three months on Catalina Isiana of
our Famous Marine Band, twenty-five
members, ten soloists; most nhenomenal
fishinsr and greatest rod and reel records
known; the Marine Gardens: Glass-bot-
tomed Uoats and Aquarium: Boating:.
Bathing:; Wild Goat Shootiner: Delight-
iul coast Excursions; Fleets ot Yachts
.and Launches; Ideal Camp Life: Com-
plete Camp Equipment; Hotels and Cot-
tage?; Hotel Metropple, modern conven-
iences, eleotrie lights; Golf. Tennis, Bowl-
ing. Music. Dsncine. etc. For further
particulars address BANNING COM-
PANY, 222 South Spring street, Los An-
peles. cr E. C. PECK. Tourist Informa-
tion Bureau. U Montgomery street, 3an
Francisco, Cal. (
0 is m r%/nr\ h °t springs, sono.
A/I /} /t/tA m A COUNTY; only 4}i
UM/IVVU hours from San jTran-
¦ ¦ ¦ . ' ' Cisco and but 0 miles'
staging; waters noted for medicinal virtues;
best natural hot mineral water bath in State*
boating and swirnmlns in Warm Springs Creek-
good trout streams; telephone, telegraph, dally
mail, express and San Francisco morning and
£~ e P^ ngr r>^ ers - FIRST-CLASS HOTEL. AND
faTAOE SERMCK; both morning and after-
noon stazes; round trip ?from San Francisco
only $5 CO. Take Tlburon ferry at 7:30 a m
or 3:30 p. m. Sundays S a. m. only. Rates $-'
a day or $12 a v/eek. References, any guest
of the past seven years. Patronage of 1901
unprecedented. Tourist Information Bureau.
11 Montgrosnery st. : also at Traveler offlce 2(1
Montgomery st.. or of J. F. MULGR1SW
Hkaggs, Cal. ,. , . t
.' .. )
SPKCIAL RATES TO TEACHERS.
, You ali-knov/ abc>jt my table
' IT, O. WICKES. Casteli'a. Cal.
* .
S THE seaside r«ort cf Central California j
| — enlarged, improved— per day $z upwards B
1 -~nn; orchestra—no w open, send for £
S booKlet. Address for hotel, R. M. Brisre I
fcl?L^" se3 ». F - Rea «"«. Capitoh, C*l.' J
CAMP CURrF
HAD SO ARRIVALS IN MAY. 1001.
HAS JIORETIIAN POCBLED MAY 100° '
YOSEMITE.
Ofnee— 11 Montgomery et.. San Kranci3co. -
SfclGLERSPnlnGSHzaria
'¦'¦¦' , & mineral waters
unexcelled for rheumatism, malaria, etomach
diseases. Swimming, billiards, dancink Ping
1'ong; $s to $12 week. Ofnee. 11T Grant^ave or
Selgler Springs, Lake Co., H. McGOWAN, prop.
WHITE COTTAGES.
Howelt Mountain: altitr.de 2000 feef air
pure and dry; delightful family resort; daily
, mail; -croquet; rag. bowling; social hail; Epien-
did camping grounds; $S per, tvcelc. Writ-*
MRS. J. H. GOETSCHE, Angyin, Cal.
K»AM4TH KOT SPR'NCS.
Finest fishing, hunting and health resort on
the coast. Climate perfect. On Klarnath River
Rate?, $2 and $2 50 per day; Slu-to $14 per
wesk. Call Traveler Ofnee,- 20 Montgomery »t.
or addrefi EDSOX BROS.. Beswick, Sisklyou
County. Cal.
DUNCA v SPRINGS:
Two miles from Hopland; best medicinal
waters in the State: fine hotel and first-class
table; rates $10 and $12; housekeeping cottages."
O. HOWELL, Hopland, Mendoclno Co., Cal.-
If you wlah to know where the finest min-
eral eprings on the Pacific Coast are, so
that -you can selectT.he one most desir-
able for you, get "Vacation. 1902."
If you wish to camp In soms mountain
dell, or on the 'bank of some limpid
stream, 'get "Vacation 1902."
If you prefer a hotel or a private home In
some beautiful town, get "Vacation.
1902."
If you prefer the free life of a farm, get
"Vacation. 1902."
This little book, "Vacation. 1902." is-
sued by the California Northwestern
Railway Company, gives complete in-
formation for any kind of an outing.
To be had at ticket offices of company, 650
Market street (Chronicle building), and
Tlburon Ferry, or at the General Office,
Mutual Life building, corner Sansome
and California streets.
Call or write for a copy."
H. C. WHITING, Gen'l Manager.
E. X. RYAN. Gen'l Pass. Agt
MEDICAL. SPRINGS.
CERTAIN CURE FOR STOMACH. LIVER,
kidney and bladder troubles. Absolute guar-
antee for all skin and blood diseases. Works
wonders In all female complaints. Recommend- j
ed by leading physicians. Thousands cured.
Tickets Cal. & N. W. R. R.; stage from Ukiah.
Call or address
W TTER P. O.. Lake Co.. Cal.
•Main criice and water depot, 016 Market
street, room 6-1, city.
,_ R. McCORMICK. Manager.
GRANT'S.
Couple hundred yards from railroad station.
Eltgant country mansion. Scenic surround-
ings, beautiful grounds, plenty of shade, swim-
reins and fishing, croquet grounds, hammocks,
ttc One and one-half miles south of Healds-
burg. First floor, one person in room. $0 per
week: two in a room, $10 per week. Second
floor, one person In room, $8 per week: two In a
room. $14 per week. Will a'.so furnish tents to
those desiring. Single person in tent $S per
Tieek; two in a tent. $10 per week. Buy tickets
to Grant Station. Address Mrs. A. F. GRANT
Healdsburg. .Sonoma County. Cal.
WILBUR HOT SULPHUR SPRIGS
Sulphur Creek. Colusa Co.. Cal.. 26 miles'by
stage w«t of Williams: faro S2. Hottest '
strongest water on the coayt; temperature 143
deg. Curea rheumatism, dropsy, salt rheum
skin diseases, neuralgia, liver, kidney com-
plaints, paralysis, mercury in system dyspep-
sia, catarrh. Natural mud batha. New 2-story
hotel; fine new bathhouse. Board and lodging
including baths. $10 a week. WM. OELGEART'
Proprietor.
K;l: 1 OCALOMA «Jgj»
Berirand Hotel: first-class accommodations-
reasonable rates for families and parties: fish-
ing, bathing: beautiful drives to Bear Valley
etc. Telephone. JOSEPH F. BERTRAND «
bulletin Oftlce every Friday. 2 to 4 p.* m."
HOTEL BON-AIR,
I) ROSS VALLEY.
J. E. MANLOVET & WIFE, . (formerly Mrs.
Leach). Proprietors.
RUSSIAN' RIVE HOTEL.
One mile from famous "Bohemian Grove" -
new management; all refitted. Quietude, com-
fort, pleasure; hunting, fishing, boating; fresh
milk, cream and best of everything. Address
C. F. CARR. Manager. Russian River station
via Duncans Mills. Cal.
INDEPENDENCE LAKE~
Fishing; beats: excellent table; climate per-
fect; 16 miles from Truckee. in an unbroken
fc-r«st. Further information Traveler ofnee, 2a
Montgomery it., or MRS. H. M. CLEMONiS
Truckee. Cal. - . •
WHITE SULPHUR SPRINGS,
Nearest placa to S. F.. 2y* hours: 5 miles
from Valiejo. Hot 'Sulphur baths; cura rheu-
matism, neuralgia, eczema, kidney, liver, stom-
ach diseases. Lake for boating and bathing.
Danring pavilion. $10 a wesk and up. Free
bus to guests. M. MADRID. Vallejo. Cal..
JOHANMSBERG
IN THE NAPA REDWOODS; NEW HOTEL;
large dining-room; exhilarating air: hunting,
t;slur.g, swlmmlnsr and boating; term* reason-
able. Inquire of THEO. BL.ANCKENRURG
JR..- prop.. OakvlUe, Napa County, or Peck's
Information Bureau, II 1 Montgomery st.
tAWRENCH VILLA.
Town, Home. Sonoma. Will meet guests.
Pleasant location; Plenty shade; nice drives;
nwlmmlns; fruits; $5 per week. HENKT PEL-
LlSSTER. Sonoma. Sonoma County. Cal.
WHIT?- SU'-FMUR SPRING9.
TWO MILES FROM ST. HELENA.— POSI-
tlve cure for rheumatism, stomach trouble
and blood diseases. Livery stable. Carrtoge
meets all train*. Board, including baths, is
per week. Address W. N. McCORMICK. St.
Helena, Cal. • \
Forrest aad health tN THE SIERRAS
near Collax un O. P. K. R Elevation just rirfht—
21<0ft.— )86 miles from San l«'r. No Magin-»; good
table; fln«-stscenery, water, air, fruit and climate.
Ideal forests and grounds jc.OOa week. Send for
booklet Orchard SpHajsr, Colfax.CaJ
THE CEYSE S.
.(Sonoma County). New man&sement; rooms
plastered and hard finished; new furniture;
new, private bathhouse: hunting, fishing year
round: white help only; best livery; - cooking
specially supervised by manager. See pamphlet.
THE PURISSIMA HOUSE.
Near the ocean. Fishinsr in only mountain
trout stream in San.Mateo Co. Long distance
phone. *2 per day. C. I*. MOSCONI, Prop.,
Purissima. San Mateo Co.. Cal.
NEVADA CITY.
1 Th* land of mines, pises and sunshine. Na-
tional Hotel and Annex; . Matchless climate.'
mountain scenery. ¦ pin«s groves, famous ¦ gold
mines. Perfect . accommodations. Reasonable
ra ea. . . . ..........
¦ i iiiTi*iiiMBiMi iwi A **^* .if^V"^*"*" di
f——— THE NEW BUILDINGS AND
HOITT'S Beautiful Grounds at Hoitt's
School will be open to 6ummer
A1BINLO guests during June and Juiy.
n , DL . Superior climate, excellent
rAKn> table; reasonable prices. Ad-
drees IRA G. HOITT.
!-• r~\ -T- cr i Continuous
~n-r-cZ Wither
;vl^Xisi ' Report
/i«n-?^*-» rineto-day
AirtTEO, ..and.
€^f\L^ To-morrow.
PARAISO SPRING -.
The leading summer and winter resort of thi
State. Send for beautiful booklet to F. W.
JiCHROEPER. Mgr.. or call at City Agent, 11
Mortgomrry Et. ' - ' :
KENILWORTH INN.
Kenilworth Inn. Mill Valley, under new man-
aeement. will be opened as a strictly first-
class house on or a*K>ut June 7. 1002. . v
.~~ LAUREL DELL,
The Switzerland of America: largest dining-
room; new myrtle cottsig^: hunting, boattn*.
bathing toboggan, new livery, tennis, bowling,
etc • free teams to our mineral pprincs. 15
kind*. E. Durnan. Laurel Dell. Lake Co.. Cal.
HHRFPfi'S Among the Pine Mountain?.
• IIULlLI*V» «J (Tajifomia'g choicest climate.
1 Tha place to eajoy the country. Bowling, swim-
I mlng. croquet, hunting; flshinjt and the best of
! mtalc Rates fS per week. Kor further infor-
mation Inquire 10 Montgomery st.. or Hoberg's, ,
Lake County. MRS. II. HOBERG. Prop. |
mtTveedbr family resort.
Redwood grove*. Elevation 1650 feet. No
fos Climate delightful. All varieties fruit.
Iron spring*, hunting, mountain scenery. • pleas-
ant home, good table. Terms reasonable. Ad-
<5r es " H. E- HOLZREITER. Napa.
SOTD CO <!ORT K(ME l^t^o '?{.
filtitude. No fcg; climate delightful. Large or-
chard, vesetab • garden. Hot, cold baths. Spring
water; nwlmmlng tar.k. Karen $7 wk..up. Stage
jneets train. Srhuler &. Scheben. Napa. Cal.. .
~~~~~WMTE SULfHUR bPHINGS
Now ontn for the'waaon. All' amusements
for health and pleasure: liatss. *iv HO and *12
r>#r week. T&ke -TJl.uron ferry. Jius' meets .
Sin;. AUUreta E. IIAW-CS, fcar.ta Hew, Cal. jText not availableText not availableFIESTA AND CARNIVAL
FOR POINT RICHMOND
Business Men's Committee Plans Big
Entertainment for Townspeople
and Visitors.
POINT RICHMOND, May Sl.-Point
Richmond's business men are planning a
Sesta and flower carnival for their town.
A number of them met in Samuel Curry"3
office last night and chose tho following
committee to plan for the fete:
J. B. Semorile, chairman; P. M. Dean,
\-ice chairman; E. J. Summerfleld, secre
tary; J. G. Moitosa, R. H. Curry, B. E.
Allen. Charles Greer, Sidney Lewellyn,
directors: D. A. Mason, treasurer.
Informal discussion of the project
among the business men supplied tho
committee, with suggestions for tho en
tertainment features. Among these will
be a flower parade, athletic sports anil
bull fight. It Is proposed tbat the affair
shall extend over a period .of eight or ten
days. The committee has been assured
of the support of all the townspeople.
¦ < i
Licensed to Marry.
OAKLAND, May 31.— Licenses to marry
were issued to-day to Claude H. Allen,
aged 22. and Clara Isabella Madison, 3S>
both of Llvermore; Charles C. Sullingcr,
21, Oakland, and Grace E. Maghel, IS, Sac
ramento: Ernest IT. numbers. 3S, and
Jennie Hall. 39, both pf San Francisco;
Carl M. 'Behr, 38, Oakland, anil Magdu
lena Stoniteh. S7. Santa Clara County;
George W. Eustice. 23. and Alice Co!e. 21,
both of San Francisco; Joseph Oliver Jr.,
iS. Nlles. and Theresa Brown. . 1}, Oak
land: tJeorge I-. Ireland. Zt, and Laura
Rodefeld. ll». both of San Francisco;
James Jordan. S7, fc'an Francisco, and An
nie McLaughlin. C5. Oakland; Hugh
u'Keane, over 21, Oakland, and Bridget
O'Neill, over IS. Bakersneld.
-"•"• : — . > •
Blind Pupils' Concert.
BERKELEY, May 31.— The annual con
cert of the blind pupils of the State insti
tution for the deaf, dumb and blind will
be given on Friday* afternoon, June 6. at
2 o'clock. On the following Wednesday
six graduates of the Institution will re
ceive their diplomat. There are at pres
ent 220 inmates of the home, of whteli
number sixty-three are blind. ¦.-.'¦-
New Gun Club to Shoot
BERKELEY. May 31.~The recently or,
ganized College City Gun Club will hold
Its <irst handicap shoot to-morrow on the
new range back of North Berkeley. Mer
chandise prizes are offered for the com
petltiors. - -v^
President Nominates Arm v Men.
WASHINGTON. May Sl.-The President
to-day sent the following nominations tu
the Senate: Army: Colonels to be briga
dier generals— Samuel M. WhiUidc ami
Sumner H. Lincqln. Infantry: lieuten
ant colonels to be colonels— AVilUam Qtiin
ton and Jesse C. Chance. Majors to bo
lieutenant colonels— Ralph \V. Iloyt ami
George H. Cornish. Captains to be.ma
jr.rs — Charles H. Boneateel, Lyman W. M.
Kenefee, William Lassiter. Charles (j
Morton. First lieutenants to be captains-
George F\ Baltzell. Edgar T. Contey. Spa
born G. Chiles, E. T. Collins and Xvniaii
W. Welch.
George W. Bh»b?e to b« Recetverof Pub
lic Moneys at Orange City, Or.
IS PRONOUNCED FORGERY.
This bill, certified to as being correct
by Commissary Foley and Warden
Aguirre, is a forgery of the most pro
nounced "type. It was written by the
same prison hand that filled out the
forged bills of Levi Strauss & Co.
whereby a bill of goods for $11213, in
cluding nightshirts, was procured by
fraud and the State was made to pay
for the same Toy- a bogus Item of a bale
of cassimere for prison ctothing.
The forged bill of Lebenbaum & Co..
dated "May 17, 19—," was written by
the same prisoner who filled In the Levi
Strauss & Co.'s bills and was done un
der direction of officials of San Quen
tin prison.
The corrupt methods of procedure
employed by Warden Aguirre and his
skillful staff of prisoners at San Quentin
were still further revealed yesterday
by an investigation of the transactions
with C. Grosjean & Co. and Burtchaell
& Co., two of the principal grocery
houses of San Rafael. It was at these
two stores that Commissary Francis
Foley purchased some of the supplies
for Aguirre and his dependants and the
inquiry yesterday developed that it was
on the bills of these firms that the pris
oners at the penitentiary were called in
to use their skill. Photographic repro
ductions of these forged bills are given
in to-day's Call.
When photographs of bills purporting
to be of his firm were shown to E. S.
Rake, president of C. Grosjean & Co.,
he straightway declared that they were
not made out by him or any one in his
employ. ; He said that Commis
sary Foley had applied to him for a
number of blank billheads. Foley gave
as a reason for his request that he
needed the billheads to make out tripli
cate copies of each bill in order that
one might be kept at the prison and
two sent to Sacramento.
FORGED GROCERY BILLS.
Rake instructed his bookkeeper to
furnish the commissary department
with billheads, which was accordingly
done. From the .evidence which has
been obtained.^these bills were secured
not for the purpose of making copies as
was claimed by Foley but so that the
prisoners could more-easily make forged
bills to cover up the purchase of other
supplies used by Aguirre and his de
pendants. Rake said^he was informed
that triplicate copies of each bill had to
be made so that one could be retained
at the prison and two sent to Sacra
mento. As a matter of fact only
one bill is sent ' to Sacramen
to. Why Commissary Foley should
demand three copies when only two
were necessary is a mystery that could
not be explained by Rake.
Rake was greatly surprised when he
was show : n photographs of the forged
bills. One' of these bills was dated Sep
tember 1, 1901, and made out for the
following items: One ham at 52 48, two
rolls of butter at 80 cents, six dozen
eggs at 20 cents a dozen, 4 dozen eggs
at 20 cents a dozen, one box of pears at
$1, one box of apples at $1 25 and one
box of peaches at $1. After carefully
examining this bill Rake said that with
the exception of the date line all the
rest of the bill was written by some one
who was not in his employ. The writ
ing on the forged bills of this firm was
done by prisoners.
The writing on this bill, however. Is
not the only portion of it to excite sus
picion. The upper part of the bill, or
the head on which Rake said the date
line was in the handwriting of his
bookkeeper, has been torn from another
bill and affixed and pasted on a piece
of paper on which were written the
items above given.
The second photograph of a bill which
was presented to Mr. Rake for his in
spection was for reventy dozen eggs
at IS cents a dozen and two dozen
Plymouth Rock roosters at $7 75 per
dozen. As in the case of the first bill,
Rake also declared this bill was writ
ten by some one outside of the firm,
¦with the exception of the date line,
"March 25. 1902." He was certain In his
assertion that it had never been draft
ed by any one" in his employ and-posi
tive that he had not drafted it himself.
GAVE FOLEY BLANK BILLS.
When asked if he ever allowed any
of his billheads which were not filled
out to be. given to the San Quentin
prison commissary' department, ha
said: "Yes. In order to save my book
keeper's time I instructed him to give
them a number of empty billheads.
You see they wanted triplicate copies
and I thought they could make them
out as well as my bookkeeper."
In the case of the bill from Burtchaell
& Co. the crooked work is even more
perceptible than in the case of Gro3
jean's bills. Burtchaell & Co.'s bill m
the first instance as made out by
Burtchaell, proprietor of the store, was
fcr the purchase of thirty dozen eggs at
40 certs a dozen, a total of $12. After
the bill passed into the hands
of prison officials it was changed.
Three . more "items were adilod
to \ it, ' making the total $15 30.
When T. Finlayson, who is Burtchaell
& Co.'s chief clerk, saw the photograph
of the bill yesterday he immediately
declared that the last three items had
been added to it after the bill had been
made out by Mr. Burtchaell. The date
line and the item for. the thirty dozen
of eggs, which were in Burtchaell's
hand, were written in rather larg-j
firm characters, while the three items
which- were subsequently inserted were
pasting together of sheets of paper was
done in San Quentin prison. The photo
graph "of the bill shows where the lower
portion was pasted together.
•written very lightly and rather closely
together and in a hand that is very sel
dom employed by a business roan. Tho
forged bill was also the work of prison
ers at San Quentin.
Finlayson stated that Commissary
Foley had also requested Burtchaell <<&
Co. to give a number of blank billheads,
but that the request had been refused*
both by himself and Mr. Burtchaeil.
Notwithstanding the refusal and the
fact that no blank billheads were ever
given to the prison commissary depart
ment, Finlayson said that on one oc
casion one of the men employed In that
department showed up at the stora
with one of the firm's billheads all
filled out. Finlayson said that he was
unable to say where the billhead In
question had been obtained. As in tha
case- of Grosjean & Co. Commissary
Foley had always demanded that tha
bills be made out in three copies al
though but two were necessary.
CAN AGUIRRE EXPLAIN? .
It will be difficult for "Warden Aguirra
and other officials of San Quentin
prison to explain why bills purporting
to be from the well Jxnown firm, H. S.
Crocker Company, have been forged by
unfortunate prisoners acting on direc
tions, certified to by Aguirre and Foley
and foisted on the Board of Prison Di
rectors and the Board of Examiners
and duly paid.
.Inquiry made at the offices of the II.
S. Crocker Company elicited the infor
mation that in no instance were any
of their bill3 to customers written In
ink but were always typewritten.
The Call to-day reproduces photo
graphs of. two bills which are on file
at Sacramento, the contents of which
were filled in by prisoners at San Quen
tin on blank bills of H. S. Crocker Com
pany. \ .
The information waa given at the of
fices of the firm that Commissary Foley
had often asked for corrected bills, and
when told that it would take some
time to make them out, the San Quen
tin official would say that he had but
a few minutes to catch a boat at the
ferry and requested that he be given
blank bills and statements, In order
.that he might .flJI_ them out himself.
Thi3 shows another instance of how
bills have been forged at San Quentin
on billheads of prominent firms of this
city. ;
The deliberate juggling of the books
and records of San Quentin prison will
make it a very difficult task to unravel
the fraud, forgery and theft that have
been carried on by members of the cor
rupt ring that. controls that institution.
It is the duty of an impartial investi
gating body to spare no expense In
cleansing the Augean stables of ths
foul mass of corruption and criminality
that has grown* up as the result of Gov
ernor Henry T. Gage placing his bosom
friend, Martin G. Aguirre, in control of
the affairs of San Quentin prison. The
people demand a thorough investigation
of affairs and the swift punishment of
the guilty parties, no matter what posi
tion they may occupy.
Blank Bill=Forms Are First
Secured by Trickery From
Mercantile Organizations
DEMAND FAIR INQUIRY.
President It. M. Fitzgerald of the
Board of Prison Directors has stateG
that no investigation can be held by ihe
board until every member is able to be
present. The board consists of Gov
ernor Gage, ex-officio a. member, R. M.
Fitzgerald, president- J. H. Wiikins, li..
T. Devlin, Don Ray and Warren Portor.
If the Board of Prison Directors holds
the investigation, it must do so in a
thorough!> - impartial manner. If any
member of the b<>ard, during his term
of office, has received as a present or
purchased any article made in San
Quentin prison by prisoner labor other
than jute bags authorized by law, he is
disqualified from sitting on the investi
gating board and the investigation
must therefore be held by other State
officials. President Fltzgexald says an
investigation can only be held in the
presence of all the members of the
board.
The State Board of Examiners may
be also disqualified from holding an in
vestigation of the affairs of San Quen
tin prison. This official body and the
Board of Prison Directors have had
iarge numbers of forged bills presented
to them and they have been duly pass
ed for payment. The Board of Exam
iners consists of Governor Gage, the
Attorney General and the Secretary of
State.
When the Governor is absent, the
•ecretary of the board, Dan Kevane,
votes for the Governor. . - . . . •
Gross carelessness could alone permit
the foisting of forged bills upon tluj
Prison Directors and the Board of Ex
aminers. The people of the State, of
California are ' entitled to a
impartial body of investigators in .the
matter of the San Qiientia prison
frauds.
Justice demands that when the ver*
diet is rendered it should say whether
the prison Board of Directors and th2
Board of Examiners are to blame for
allowing forged bills to be foisted upon
them. Th? Board of Directors arid the
Beard of Examiners cannot sit in judg
ment upon themselves.
CANNOT JUDGE THEMSELVES.
Justice demands that the investigat
ing body should possess judicial power
and be absolutely impartial. The in
vestigating body should be able J.o
•ubpena witnesses? administer oaths
and compel the production of the books
of firms that have sold supplies to San
Quentin prisorL
Jr. the course of its Investigations Tho
Call has discovered a mass of evidence
of fraud, fcrgory and theft at San
QueniSn prison that would require
many v. ceks to publish in detail.
To-day this paper presents further
positive proof of its charges that thr»
corrupt rills' In control of iian Quenihi
prison has Corced prisoners to forge billi
and accounts: books and public rccortls
have been falsified and altered; luxur
ies have been obtained by members of
• the ring, and payir.er.t has been made
with pubiic funds secured by felony.
¦ Bills at:d aecouius prepnrrd by prison
ers have bc-en passerby the Board of
Prison Director*, the J3oard. of Exam
iners and the State Controller. These
bills have beer, duly certified to by
Commissary Francis Fo'ey and War
den Mfertin G. Aguirre.
The cunning hands of r>riEoners were
utilized to do the crooked work for th^
members of the corrupt ring that con
trols San Qucntin prison. Bill-head.s
have be«n cut from genuine bills of
business houses and pasted by prisoners
to blank paper in order to prepare
forged substitute bills and thus Fecurc
psyment by the State for unauthorized
'supplies. These supplies of every vari
ety, from tabip deJicacira a:id snowy'
narcry to silk underwear and ladies'
rightgowiiP, have been obtained by
fraud arid forgery, not for the usr of
prisocers but for the: benefit of Warden
M. C Aguirre and his band o* cronies
and bosom friends.
MANY CRIMES COMMITTED.
The people of the State of California
have tx-en ciiitated in order that thv!
members of thf San «^u«ntin prison
ring and their friends might \<;)l in lux
ury and drf'ss in stolen finery. To cover
up crimes, other crimes have been com
mitted. The supplies huvc been charged
'¦-¦'¦¦ J - ':-. '
Quentin prison has revealed;
a gigantic mass of fraud, forgery and
tXeft by State officials.
The Call has demonstrated that pris
oners sentenced to punishment at San
Quentin prison, have been forced by
Iheir official guardians to falsify public
records and substitute rorged bills, in
order that Warden Martin G, Aguirr.:-,
the favorite and bosom friend of Gover
nor Henry T. Gage, and others of
Aguirre's malodorous band, might se
cure public funds by felony in order
to pay for unauthorized supplies for
themselves and their mtimate friends.
To-day The Call presents more proof
of tne criminal acts of the, ring that
controls San Quentin prison. The evi
dence secured by this paper discloses
the fact that systematic fraud, forgery
and theft of public supplies have been
carried on by the men in control of San
Quentin prison.
The vast amount of incriminating
data secured by The Call is but an iota
compared to what can be uncovered by
an official investigation by duiy author
ized State officials. When this official
investigation is held, as it should be,
the revelations will astound the people
of the State of California.
¦ .. ,. URTHER invcrtigation by
tig The Call of the criminal
jjj J acts of the corrupt ring that
S , controls the financial affairs
-«. and administration of San
FOLEY WAS HURRIED.
Meyerfeld could not explain how
blank bills of his firm had come into
the possession of officials and prisoners
at San Quentin prison, but the cashier
of the firm was able to give the infor
mation. He told how Commissary
Folcy had often visited the offices of
the firm arid .asked" for monthly
statement k. When he would say h3
only had a few minute^ to catch
his boat at the ferry depot', and the
clerks would reply that they did not
have time to inake out the bills, Foley
would akli. for the blank bills and say
he would fill them out liimself.
Mr. Meycrfeld stated yesterday that
his clerks were fully conversant with
the •contract" and "non-contract"
goods fiold to San Quentin prison and
the articles were always separately
billed. -'¦"'.
A bill of Lebenbaum & Co. dated
February 28. 1902, for $S1 91 shows that
it was filled, In by the prisoner who
prepared the forged Lev! Strauss it
Co.'s bills, that are reproduced to-day
by The Call. . This bill :s certified' to
as being corrert by Commissary Foley
ur.d Warden Aguirre.
Another bi'l purporting to be from
Lebenbaum t'z Co." is dated March SI,
1001. It is for the. sum of $18 G5. The
bill-head was out off a. genuine bill of
the firm and was pasted by a prisoner
to a, sheet of ruled paper. An inspec
tion of the r photograph Knows the
right hand corner, of fhe lower part of
the bill-head to be loose, clearly dis
closing the work, of the prisoner who
pasted the bill together. The' bottom
, part of this bill chows that still further
"We always send the original bill and
a duplicate of it." ,
The 'dui'!icate bill is kept at San
Quentjn prison while the original is
sent to Sacramento, after being certi
fied to.
Whep Mr. Meyerfeld was asked if his
firm ever gave any of its blank bills
to customeYs. he answered:
"We would on no account ever give
our- blank bills to any one. It would
open the door to fraud.:'
When Mr. Meyerfeld/saw the photo
graphs of the forged bills he at once
declared that they were not written by
any of the clerks in the employ of his
firm. In one case where a bill-head had
been cut from a genuine bill of the firm
and pasted to a blank sheet of paper
by a prisoner who then prepared the
forged document, Meyerfeld at once
recognized the handwriting of one of
his clerks in the date line and the
words "Cala. ¦ State Prison, San Quen
tin."
OBTAINED BLANK BILLS.
Inquiries made of L. Lebenbaum &
Co.. II. S. Crocker Company and
Urosjean & Co. show that Com
missary Fbley: had secured blank
bills by stating to clerks that the firms
had made an error in charging "con
tract" and "non-contract" supplies on
one bill, or that he desired a monthly
statement. Foley was always pressed
for time and would state that he had
only a few minutes to catch his boat
at the ferry depot. When the clerks
would inform Folcy that they did not
"have the tihfc to make out the cor
rected Kill or statement the San Quen
tin official would ask for th 3 blank bills
and sav 4hat. he would. have prepared
the desired bills. ' . . . :
Bills of L. Lebenbaum & Co. and
other^firms are reproduced in The. Call
to-day as samples of the forgeries on
filer, at Sacramento. They have been
.shown to members of the firms men
tioned and have been declared to be
forged. To take all the bills on file at
Sacrame"hto, purporting to be for prison
supplies furnished by Lebenbaum &
Go. and other firms and compare them
with the books of the business houses,
would take a vast amount of time.
Jesse Meycrfeld of the firm of Leben
baum & Co. was shown photographs of
some of the forged bills of hte firm that
were certified to as being correct by
Commissary Feley and "Warden Aguirra
and foisted on State officials for pay
ment.; • ;
Mr. Meyerfeld was asked what was
the custom of his firm in making out
bills for goods supplied to San Quentin
prison and replied:
to various prison accounts and. by di
rection of their guardians, the unfortu
nate prisoners have been forced to fur
ther jeopardize their souls.
A fw days ago The Call presented
in close detail the evidence showing
how goods had been obtained by tl:a
ring at San Quentin trom L-evi Strauss
& Co.- and forced bills substituted
and foisted on the Prison Directors
and Board of Examiners for payment.
The forged bills of I,evi Strauss &
Co. are reproduced to-e:ay In The Call
in order that the public may judge and
compare the-Avriting of the prisoner Who
filled them out with a number of bills
purporting to be troni well-known
business houses, that are also printei
herewith.
The hand of the prisoner
who Avas directed by his official
guardians to forge the bills on Le^'i
Strauss & Co's bill-heads, cut from gen
uine bills, has been used by his jailors
to forge other documents purporting to
be from L. Lebenbaum & Co., H. S.
decker Company, C; Grosjean & Co.
of San Rafael, and Burtchaell & Co.
of the same city.
In some cases bill-heads have been
cut from genuine bills and used for the
purpose of preparing the forged docu
ments. In other instances blank bills
w<?re secured from the business houses
by Commissary Foley and used by the
prisoners at the direction of their cus
todians, v
Original Accounts Sent by
Shippers Are Changed for
Others Prepared in Prison
W XT PAR DEN AGUIRRE, did you on July i, 1899, succeed Warden Hale as the chief
¦ ll/slx executive "officer y of the State prison. at San Quentin? .
y y . Did you thereby assume official, responsibility for the proper and legal man
agement of that State -institution "on the date mentioned, and has your responsi
bility continued uninterruptedly f to the present. time?
.•'Jfls any other- official responsible for the' conduct, of the State prison at San Quentin?
Warden Aguirre, did you/ On the ,15th day of August, 1899, install Prisoner Virgin on the
second floor of the sash and blind factory building at San Quentin prison, in a carpenter shop,,
fitted up for the Warden's especial beneri't? ;.;-
Did you not relieve Prisoner John Hagerman from duty in the jute mill at San Quentin
and assign him to be an assistant to Virgin? .'
Warden Aguirre, were .not two inlaid tables, in September, 1899, taken to the Warden's
house and from there to the water front s at San Quentin, irt the commissary wagon of the
prison,. and thence shipped away from San Quentin on the steamer Caroline-?
; . Will. you deny, Warden Aguirre,. that six inlaid bird-cages, made -in December, 1899,
and one inlaid tablej made in February,^ 900, were manufactured by the prisoners under your
charge aL San Quentin prison? s . \ \
jrr- -Did 'you. not cause one' horn hatrack, fully eight feet high, to be shipped from San
Quentin prison on the steamer Garoline?
; ! : - Were there not in March, 1900,, four inlaid picture-frames and four bird-cages"that were
/made by San Quentin prisoners taken to the Warden's house?
v.; ; Did you not cause one inlaid 'table to be shipped from San Quentin prison to San
Francisco in April, 1900V " ; • ; - ,
; — ' Is it not true, Warden Aguirre, that in May, 1900, two. picture-frames, the handiwork
of State prisoners at San Quentin, and also four prison-made bird-cages', were taken to the
Warden's house from the prison?
navc shipped, from theSan Quentin water front, in June, 1900, a wardrobe and
a hatrack. which were first, taken to the Warden's house, and which were carried to the water
front in the prison commissary wagon? < .
Is it not true, Warden Aguirre. that, with your knowledge, one inlaid table made by
Prisonei Irwin was, in July, 1900, taken to the Warden's house : -and from there shipped to
Governor Gage at Los Angeles?
Warden Aguirre, was not an inlaid table, made by prisoner Irwin, shipped t6 San Fran
cisco from San Quentin prison in August, 1900?
: ';; -Is it not true, Warden Aguirre, that in September, 1900, an inlaid table was sent to
San Rafael from San Quentin prison in a. wagon, the driver being your cousin?
Did you not, Warden Aguirre, cause a looking-glass frame six feet high, inlaid, to be
shipped to Governor Gage's residence at Los Angeles in October, 1900, from San Quentin
prison? • /.;'¦ •¦'''¦•, ¦'*,..
'\ \ Warden Aguirre, did you not have one dozen horns, brass mounted, and two bird
cages, in the shape of a house, shipped from San Quentin prison on the steamer Caroline for
Governor Gage's house at Los Angeles? . -
... ' Warden Aguirre, did not- Prisoner Murphy make for you in prison, in January, 1901, two
bowie-knives and one hunting knife, the 'handles of which were inlaid with pearl?
'Did not Prisoner Alviso make JnH he prison, for the Warden, in January, 1901, two
Spanish bridles? - , .;• . : : '••-, 1 ( • ..,.--- ¦ „*"•-'
Will yolrdehy that*thrcc pictiH'e-fraiiies and- one inlaid table were made by prisoners at
San Quentin and shipped from the San Quentin prison to San Diego, by the Warden's brother,
in February, 1 90 1? ' v ,•
Did you not have shipped from the prison at San Quentin to the Governor's residence,
in March, 1 901, a, bedstead", carved by Prisoner Saville, on the head-piece of which was
the letter G? .
Was not a duplicate of the carved bedstead that was made for the Governor in the San
Quentin prison in March, 1901, made for the Warden in the prison in April, 1901?
Did not the prisoners under -your control at San Quentin make a double set of harness
and one single set in the prison for Governor Gage in 'May, 1901?
Warden Aguirre, were not one-half dozen chairs, of walnut, made in San Quentin
prison, in June, i 901, for Governor Gage?
. In the same' month, last mentioned, was one rolling-desk shipped from San Quentin
prison to San Francisco? . ¦
.." Did not Prisoner Virgin, in July; 1901, make in the prison at San Quentin four inlaid
checker-boards and four crib-)ioards? Were not. six brass crib-boards made in the machine
shop in the prison and takeivto the Warden's house?
Is it not true. Warden Aguirre. that .one- bedroom set was shipped to Los Angeles
from San Quentin prison in July, 1901?
Warden Aguirre, why does not the wharf shipping-book at the San Quentin prison
show the shipment of these ai tides before enumerated or of others that have been sent out to
beneficiaries of the prison management?
Is it not true that Prisoner Earl ,has been employed in making a dress-suit case for
Shipping Clerk McDougall, and that the leather for the same was cut in the shoeshop by Pris
oner Wilson? .
. Warden Aguirre, did you cause Prisoner Martin Lyman to do the upholstery work on
all the furniture that was made at San Quentin prison, for Governor Gage?
Warden Aguirre, will .you deny that when two representatives of The Call visited the
'prison to inquire "about the manufacture, in prison, by prisoners, of furniture, you had the
: prison-made furniture hidden away? ' •
/ Is it not true that hardwood that has been received at the prison for v the purpose of
being converted into furniture for the beneficiaries of the prison has been charged up in the
San (Quentin prison books to the jute mill?
. ¦ Js it not true,. Warden Aguirre, that at this "time Harry Hawes is installed in the
Warden's house and is engaged in painting chinaware, landscapes and other pictures for the
Governor of California? ¦
-.Warden Aguirre, when the representatives. of The Call were inquiring- at San Quentin
for. information concerning furniture manufacturing at San Quentin prison, week before last, is
it not true that there were then being completed by prisoners the following named articles for
the .Warden of the prison: Nine covers for inlaid tables, tops all finished; one rosewood bed,
carved:. one sideboard, carved; ten large armchairs, partly finished; twelve fancy chairs, carved?
Warden Aguirre, have not the prisoners in San Quentin prison' been ; making for Gen
eral Overseer J. A. Aguirre a complete set of furniture to be used in furnishing a house' for
him in Berkeley?, V ; ': .'•¦"' • ¦' '
Warden Aguirre, have not the prisoners in San Quentin prison" been recently engaged
in making for Mr. McClur'e of Los Angeles, a friend of the Warden of Srin Quentin, the fol
lowing articles of furniture: One desk, one bookcase, six chairs, one dressing-case, one tabfc,
the articles being made of quarter oak? ,
Warden Aguirre, did you not constantly employ two life prisoners, named Pedro and
Gonzales. in making valuable Spanish lace? .
Did you not as Warden, of San Quentin 'prison detail Pedro and Gonzales as cell-tend
ers, in \yhich position they would only have to work about one hour a day, so that they could
put in .the balance of their time^ making lace? " .'
.. Was not : the lace. Warden Ag-uirrc, sent to your house and given by you to many
friends in Los Angeles? ¦"¦;•-. , ; . s
Is it hot true, Warden Aguirre, that you assigned Prisoner Virgin to the duty of ship
ping furniture from -the Warden's house. that had come there from the prison wrapped in
blankets?/. _'•"'.; ., ¦ , ;; - v ;.
Warden' Aguirre. was not th'e upholstering, material and hair that was received at San
Quentin for the manufacture offurniture charged to repairs?'
. ' .' Warden Aguirre', do you not know that. each and every one "of such acts as is indicated
in the' foregoing questiov:, is a violation .ofi law of the State of California/ and the' majority
of such acts is designated by the Penal Code as felon v?
WARDEN AGUIRRE ASKED
MANY TIMELY QUESTIONS
ABOUT SHIPPING FURNITURE
Bills of Numerous Firms Are
Forged by Prisoners and
Certified To as Correct
Public Records at Capitol
Reek With Documents
That Point to Felonies
GLARING EVIDENCE OF CRIME BY SAN QUENTIN PRISON RING
SHOWS COLOSSAL OPERATIONS ON PART OF STATE OFFICIALS
THE SAX FEANGISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUXE1, 1902.'
30Warden's subsistence.
, On the 2Sth of last March they mad>
JUGGLING WITH FIGURES.
So it easily happens that the com
missary's clerks can charge, up $65 40
for four quires of manila paper, two
dozen eggs and. two rolls of butter a3
they did oh the 31st of last March,
while awaiting instructions as to what
account they shall place the excess
that ought to* be charged against the
two sets of sheets, ostensibly recording
the same sets of transactions, might
easily be supposed to correspond. So
they would if they were honest records.
But on what are known as the "first
segregation sheets," the actual amounts
of money that the commissary finds it
necessary to charge up to some account
are Included. Toward the bottom of
the first sheets, if any yet remain un
destroyed, the Items of expenditure will
be found to be very large. At the bot
tom of the sheets they can easily be
erased and the apportionment of the
items in the monthly accounts can be
then readily made in such way as to
shield the Warden and make it appear
that his expenditures are within the
legal limit. The subterfuge Is to
charge up the many articles drawn for
the Warden's subsistence to other ac
counts, the prisoners' mess being a con
venient place to enter them. .
On one occasion the refusal to per
mit an inspection of the - books waa
made by Acting Warden J.' A. Aguirre
and on the other by the Warden him
self. On the first occasion, the Warden
being in Los Angeles, Acting Warden
j. A. Aguirre sent a telegram to his
brother, but he did- not obtain any au
thorization to make the exhibition. On'
the second^^eccasion' the ; refusal was
made by Warden Aguirre personally.
On two separate occasions the repre
sentatives of The Call were refused an
opportunity to see the wharf shipping
book which may have told where the
furniture went to. Some of it came to
San Francisco and was rebilled in this
city so that the convicts could not
know any too much about its des
tination.
DENY ACCESS TO BOOKS.
dled the furniture in any of the stages
between' the time that the materials
first entered the prison until the furni
ture was turned out and ready to ship
out of the prison *but knew that here
was a persistent violation of law. The
convicts who knew of the shipping of
the furniture from the wharf at San
Quentdi saw a step farther than those
on the inside of the prison and they
must have been surprised when they
saw and learned who were the bene
ficiaries of the illegal manufacturing.
Apart from the consideration of the
illegality of the whole performance con
nected with the furniture, was the con
sideration of the fact that the criminals
who were sent to San Quentin to be
reformed, as well as punished, were re
ceiving lessons in crime at that partic
ular place. Not one of those who han-
Immediately after th.e first visit of
the representatives of The Callthe hid
ing of furniture at San Quentin began.
Out of the' way places were filled with
It and convicts looked on with aston
ishment at the evident dismay that in
fluenced the counsels of those whom
the act of Governor Gage has placed
over them as custodian of themselves
and of the property and interests -at
San Quentin of the State.
There were, however, in the prison
that day in process of manufac
ture covers for inlaid tables, one
rosewood carved bedstead, one carved
sideboard, ten large arm chairs, twelve
fancy carved chairs, two dressing cases,
one desk, one bookcase, six chairs not
previously enumerated, one dressing
case and one table. Some of these ar
ticles were for the use of Acting War
den J. A. Aguirre. Some of them .were
for Mr. McClure of Los Angeles, who
is a friend of Warden Aguirre. Th«j
facts concerning these, articles have
previously been mentioned in detail.
Acting Warden J. A. Aguirre told
the representatives of The Call who
were inquiring Intb the management of
the San Quentin prison that there
might be a few chairs that infirm pris
oners were working, on, but that was
all at that tlmejn the prison.
To carry on the business of manu
facturing at the State prison at San
Quentin it has been necessary, for the
shielding of those engaged in the en
terprise, to falsify the records, for the
labor' of convicts In that direction is
prohibited by the law of the State.
None are in better position to know
that the entire proceedings in this mat
ter are illegal than are the well known
citizens of the State who have -been
beneficiaries of the acts of Warden
Aguirre. Furniture has been shipped
from San Quentin to Los Angeles and
San Francisco, San Diego and other
points.
San Quentin, referred to the furniture.
Mr. Aguirre refused to permit the fur
niture to be seen. Subsequently a de
mand to see the wharf shipping book,
which might have told something about
where the furniture that has been
shipped from San Quentin has gone
to, was denied. It Is not difficult to
trace the furniture by other methods
than inspection of the books at the
wharf at San Quentin.
In other words, to simplify the mat
ter, the statement can be made In this
way. The actual expenditures for the
supplies sent to the Warden's house on
the 27th, 28th and 31st days of March,
1902, as shown by the first and reliable
segregation sheet, amounted to $182 S3.
But the only items that were charged
up against the Warden for the three
On the 27th of March last they
charged up against the Warden on the
dally requisition book only ten pounds
of beef, five dozen eggs, two rolls of
butter, six bottles of Worcestershire
sauce, six bottles of tomato sauce, five
pounds pudding sugar, two rolls
table butter, while on the first
segregation sheet is the item,
awaiting the transfer to some other ac
count, but undoubtedly representing
the amount that ought to havel been
charged agralnst the Warden's subsist-,
ence, of $51 61.
it appear In one place that the Warden
had on that day only five dozen eggs,
one sack of flour, 'twelve cakes of
Sapolio, one roll of butter, three bottles
of mushrooms, one bottle of sweet
pickles and four dozen eggs; in another
place made the charge against tho
Warden's house, in the first segregation
sheet, $65 87 for the day. '*.¥, '*• V
VIOLATION OF THE LAW.
For months the employment of pris
oners in the manufacture of furniture
in the sash and blind building of the
prison has been unceasing. Many ar
ticles of furniture have been turned
out and shipped away from San Quen
tin, all in .violation of the law. Th<i
material for making of the furniture
has been charged up to the other ac
counts on the San Quentin books so
cleverly that it will be difficult to find
the items, although that may be done.
The first request that was made of
Acting Warden J. A. Aguirre for infor
mation by the representatives of The
Call, on the first day of their visit to
and distribution of convict
made furniture from San Quentin
prison. One costly article of furniture
that was given by Warden Aguirre to
a friend in San Francisco has already
been pictured in The Call from a photo
graph. For the wood that was used In
the construction of the article, a hand
somely carved mahogany bedstead.
Warden Aguirre received $45, which
may or may not have been credited to
the prison.
*m XTRAORDINARY efforts
B have been made by Warden
hi "4 Aguirre and his associates
B -, to cover up the facts con-
*y cerning the manufacture of
Monthly Expenditure of Hundreds of Dollars for Warden's House
Is Hidden by Transferring of Accounts and Unlawful Tricks
With Figures to Befog Public Concerning Official Supplies
Furniture That Is Illegally Made at San Quentin Is Sent Out
to Friends and Beneficiaries of Warden in Different Parts
of State, but Evidence of Such Acts Is Carefully Concealed
SAN QUENTIN OFFICIALS AND FORGED BILL5 AT SACRAMENTO WRITTEN BY THE HANDS OF PRISONERS UNDER DIRECTION OF THEIR GUARDIANS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 1, 1902.
31
FALSIFIED BOOKS AND RECORDS REVEAL CROOKED METHODS
WHICH HAVE BEEN USED TO COVER UP PRISON TRANSACTIONS
Segregation ¦. Sheets
Furnish Needed
\Clew.
<. Continued on Pago Thirty-Twit
It should be explained, as a guide to
the .bookkeeping of, the prison, that
there are .two sets of "segregation
sheets," so called, that are used by the
commissary's clerks before the' figures
are finally placed in the ledger to sum
marize the transactions of a month. The
therein contained are com
pared with other writings that
form a part of the absurd system of
bookkeeping pursued by the commis
sary department at San Quentin under
the authority of Warden Aguirre. For
instance, taking.the month 'of MarcH,
,1902, as an example, the day requisition
book contains no entries for supplies
charged up against the house of the
Warden for subsistence on the thirty
first day except four quires of manila
paper, two dozen eggs and two rolls of
butter. That is all that was^ntered
for that day, when the figures were
carefully copied from the book by two
representatives of The Call. Neverthe
less, the amount charged up by the
commissary on the "first segregation
sheet" for that day, under the item of
"subsistence for the "Warden's house,"
is $65.40.
f~*^m TRANGE revelations are
made by the day requisition
book of the commissary book
•V ¦' at San Quentin prison when
the figures^ and statementsSyndicate Buys: -Many Acres.
OAKLAND, May 31.— A deed was put on
record to-day by the terms of which Evan
J. Coleman transfers to the Realty Syn
dicate 585 acres of land In the hills back
of Piedmont. The purchase price Is $38,
000.
"Barnum's" Will Be Sold Out.
OAKLAND, May 31.— "Barnum's" res
taurant will be sold out next Friday
morning to satisfy the creditors of Leon
Faure, whose efforts to bring the old
rotisserie to life again have met with so
many rebuffs. Walter S. Mackie flrst at
tached the place for $585 for carpets fur
nished, ana since then other creditors
have been piling ln their claims, until now
there is little chance of Faure emerging
from the tumult.
Mrs. Morrison's Alimony Increased.
OAKLAND, May 31.— Mrs. Catherine
Morrison, who is suing A. J. Morrison for
a divorce, was 'given a raise of $13 a
month in alimony this morning by Judge
Ogden, who she convinced $40 was not
enough to support herself and two chil
dren. Pending the outcome of her suit
she was given $40 a month alimony and
the use of the family residence, but she
refuses to live in the house set apart for
her. The additional $13 is to pay for the
rental o£_th$ house, she now lives in.
Odd Fellows' building: comn^ttee are forcing
H. Schellhaas* clearance sale. ' •
OAKLAND, May 31.— Joseph Scannell,
A. Storm and W. M. Blodgett, who re
sisted arrest yesterday at Shell Mound
Park and made an attack on Constable
John Williamson, secured bail to-day and
-were released from the County Jail; It«
is alleged that the men were trying to
break into a saloon, when Williamson at
tempted to arrest them for disturbing the
peace. They claim Williamson was the
aggressor and struck Scannell without
provocation.
Assailants Furnish Bail.
ALAMEDA, May 31.— Harry Butler, col
ored, for many^years employed in the
family of Dr. T. P. Tisdale as coachman,
was found dead in his room in the stable
this morning. An autopsy performed by
Dr. C. L. Tisdale disclosed the cause of
death to be a blood clot In the heart. But
ler was reared by Joseph Figel of oan
Francisco and was 'the owner of considerr
able real property in that city.
Coachman Found Dead.
Clearance eale-^-Furnlture. stoves, etc. H.
Schellhaas, corner store. 11th st. ,' Oakland. •
BERKELEY, May 31.— The country resi
dence of John Lindblom, brother of Erik
Lindblom, the Nome mining king, situated
in the foothills of this city, was burned
tc the ground shortly before midnlsyht last
night. The loss was about $5000. Firemen
were unable to get water to the scene of
the blaze and the house with Its contents
was quickly consumed. '
* Berkeley Residenca Burned.
BERKELEY, May 31.— Recent news has
come from Dr., George A. Reisner, direc
tor of the Phebe Hearst archaeological ex
pedition in Egypt for the benefit of the
University of California, of the discovery
of a great quantity of valuable material
in the tombs of Glrga, on the river Nile.
This will be immediately forwarded to
swell the specimens in the museum of
anthropology at Berkeley, which is an im
portant adjunct to the new department of
archaeology and anthropology recently es
tablished by an endowment of, Mrs.
Hearst. . \ : ¦"¦ ¦ \ "
When the new department was institut
ed, two years ago, experts in archaeology
from me Smithsonian Institution and va
rious Eastern universities were sent to
Mexico, Peru and Egypt at Mrs. Hearst's
expense to collect material for 'the muse-'
urn, which was to be instituted as a
branch of the new course of study. The
Egyptian scientists, under the direction
of Dr. Relsner, have been working for
two years, in the Nile Valley with remark
able results. : - • \ ¦¦
According to Dr. Reisner's recent report,
his most important find was a collection
of statuettes, grouped about the coffin of
a mummy, which represented the house
hold of the deceased. Surrounding a
wooden efligy of the master were the fig
ures of servants, represented as making
bricks, carrying water, cooking and keep
ing flies off the food. AIL of the images
were excellently modeled and brightly
colored by pigments, though their age an
tedated the time of Moges,
Another Interesting discovery was that
that made in the tomb of a lady. On top
of her sarcophagus was found a toilet
case, containing alabaster paint boxes,
powder cups and other articles of femi
nine use, which indicate that the Egyp
tian la'dy kept abreast of her time in point
of make-up.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway. May 31.
Seldom has Ebell witnessed a more
pleasing sight* than that presented by
Miss Mabel T. Gray and Miss Mary Cul
bertson, as the dark-haired young presi
dent introduced the visitor, who, twenty
flve years ago, was the first occupant
of the presidential chair of the society.
Miss Culbertson's appearance was the
signal for hearty applause, to which she
¦responded with a witty and gracious
speech. )
The' reception to-day was the regular
Saturday, monthly affair, but was unusu
ally interesting and enjoyable from the
fact that not .only was Miss Culbertson
a loved and honored guest on this occa
sion, but among the other distinguished
guests were Mrs. Frederick Nathan, of
the National Consumers' League, Mrs.
Robert Burdette, flrst vice president of
the General Federation, and Mrs. Granger
of Georgia, president of her home State
federation. After a short and pleasing
musicaLjH-ogramme these ladies each gave
a shortaddress, and it is seiaom that the
women of Ebell have the privilege of lis
tening to three such brilliant talkers In
one afternoon.
Mrs. Burdette was the first to speak,
and in a short, earnest address explained
why all clubs should enter the federation.
Woman's clubs, she said, had long passed
the hour when they might be called
"fads"— that organized womanhood stands
for the care of the future citizen— that it
should be the aim of every clubwoman
to help her organization to "become a
blessing to the women, the children, the
home and the state." '
Mrs. Nathan was next introduced. She
is a handsome woman, with a strong re
semblance to Maxine Elliott, and Is a
fluent talker. In the course of her re
marks concerning the Consumers' League
she made several statements of particu
lar interest to Californians, one being
that "Western women are the largest pur
chasers of sweatshop manufacturers, and
that it would be almost impossible to
abolish sweatshops without the co-opera
tion of the women of the West.-
Mrs. Granger spoke at some length of
the educational work accomplished by the
State Federation of Georgia, and how
they are trying to do away with child
labor in the cotton mills there, where it
is a common sight to see tots only 6 years
of age working not only in the daytime,
but on the "night shifts."
Mrs. Giles H. Gray was hostess for the
1 day. and was assisted in receiving by the
president, Mis3 Mabel T. Gray, the char
ter members and the ex-presidents. A
piano duet was played by the Misses Ha
gar. Miss Edith Hibberd sang "April'
and I," by "Walphen, and in response to
ah encore sang "Sunrise." -by Metcalf.
"How Rubinstein Played" was, amusingly
read by Miss Faith Sturtevant. An "Im
promptu." by Schubert, was rendered by
Miss Kendall.
A pretty feature of the afternoon was
the presentation to the guest of -honor.
Miss Culbertson, of a large basket of
sweet peas by the dub. ' •; ' * ¦ . ''• ¦'
Miss Culbertson will be the. guest of her
cousin, Mrs. Williams, at 1127 Adeline
street, for the next ten days.
ALAMEDA, May 31.— Faithful even
after death were the dog companions of
Mrs. Dorothea" Paupitz-Olson, an aged
and odd character of the West End, who
was discovered dead in her lonely home
yesterday. One canine had to be killed
before Undertaker James Fowler and hi3
assistants could enter the house of the
deceased. Another was found on the bed
with the cold body of its mistress. The
brute resented the intrusion of the stran
gers with snarls and savage snapping, it
required three men to drive the canine
guard out of the death chamber.
Mrs. Paupitz, or Olson, as ahe was gen
erally known, was 75 years of age, and
for many years had lived in strange se
clusion in the place that she owned on,
Santa Clara avenue, near Fifth street.
Dogs were her closest friends, and she
kept many of them constantly with her.
She expended more in providing for the
animals than she did in purchasing food
and clothing for herself. The canines
were allowed the freedom of her domicile
and were not permitted to leave the
premises. When one of the dogrs was sick.
Mrs. Olson nursed the animal as if it
were a human being. She often remarked
that she cared more for a kind dog than
she did for her second husband, Thomas
Olson, a sailor of 25, whom she married
when she was 70. She obtained a divorce
from Olson, was married to him a second
time and again had the marital ties sev
ered. According to neighbors, Olson called
on the aged woman a few days before
her demise and tried to persuade her to
once more become his wife.- She refused
him, and Olson has not been seen here
since. It }s said that it was the property
of the old woman and not herself that
moved the sailor to propose to her that
she become his spouse for the third time.-
Public Administrator E. C. Hawes has
taken charge of the decedent's estate.
Her body lies at the local branch Morgue.
No incuest will be held in the case, as
the woman had been treated by a physi
cian for a severe cold, which developed
into pneumonia and caused her death
Nine months ago Mrs. Olson's degs for
ten days prevented Constable George E.
Clarke from gaining admittance to their
owner's house and serving a warrzrnt upon
her for disturbing the peace of the neigh
borhood. The Constable finally served the
paper with the aid of the poundman
Many Valuable Relics Will
Enrich University's New
.. ; Museum.
Miss . Mabel T. Gray Wel
comes Miss Mary Culbert
..¦'. son to the Olub.
One Faithful Erute Killed and
Another Routed in Hard
Fight
Phebe Hearst Egyptian
Party Reports New
Discoveries.
Ebell Society Gives Big
Reception to First
Leader.
Mrs. Olson's Dogs Hold
Three Undertakers
at Bay.
NEW PRESIDENT
GREETS THE OLD
ANCIENT RELICS
ARE UNEARTHED
CANINES GUARD
HER DEAD BODY
days amounted in total to ten pounds of
beef, sixteen dozen eg^s, seven pounds
of butter, sixteen bottles of condiments,
five pounds of sugar, four packs of
matches, twelve cakes of Sapolio and.
four quires of manila paper. The total
value of these goods, at contract prices,
could not exceed $15. The daily supply
l^t was made small on the book to
shield the Warden while the segrega
tion sheet contained the sums of money
that must be accounted fcr in some
way.
FALSE RECORDS.
The original segregation sheet for
March, 1902, that told the real story,
¦when taken in connection with tha
books of the commissary, was the only
original sheet that the representatives
of The Call were permitted to se?.
Probably no more cf such sheets will
ever appear in public. In the p^ace of
the original sheets there axe submitted
for public inspection neatly written
sheets in Ink, "which meet with the ap
probation of the commissary and the
Warden but which do not tell the truth.
That there was no error in the orig
inal segregation sheet for March, 1902.
may be seen when the various items
comprised under the heading of sub
sistence for the Warden's house are
added together and "the total is com-
Continued From Page Thirty-One.
OAKLAND. May SL— There has been
much activity in the Fifth Regiment of
the National Guard, the major portion of
which is located in Alameda County, in
tne last few weeks. Three of the companies
of thr Fifth Regiment ln this county
have held elections and two of the three
companies have new commanders, while
the remaining one has a new set of lieu
tenants.
Company A, which is the oldest company
ol the regiment, has re-elected Captain
Edward Hunt as captain. First Lieuten
ant John Ellis resigned and Second Lieu
tenant Fred VT. Petersen was elected m
Ws place. Corporal C. Poulter being made
second 1 eutenam. Lieutenant Petersen
is verv popular and has been one ot tne
most active members of the company
Corporal Poulter is a son of £f a J° r
Poulter of the Fifth Regiment. Major
Poulter was for mauy years commander
l cSS?G of Alameda has recently re
organized. Edward R. McDonald deleat
ed George II. Wetheren f° r , the w r^ri"n
captain by one vote. Captain Wetheren
having held the position for one term.
Both of the contestants are well known
in National Guard circles. Captain
Wetheren is a resident of East OaK and
and has been at the head of Oakland
companies and has been on the statt or
the Fifth Regiment. It was the fact of
his not being a resident of Alameda that
largely contributed to his defeat. Cap
tain McDonald belongs to a pioneer fam
ilv of Bay Farm Island and was born in
Alameda thirty years ago. V% hen Com
pany G was organized in Alameda he en
listed as a private. On June 8, 189d. he
was made corporal, and was promoted to
sergeant on April 30, 1S9& When Com
panv G was mustered into the Eighth
Regiment of California Volunteers dur
ing the Spani.-h war he became second
lieutenant of the company and saw serv
ice at Vancouver Barracks, to which
place his company was ordered.
Company I of Liverniore has also re
organized during the last week. Reor
ganization in this company was made
necessary by Captain C. M- be
ing appointed chaplain of the Fifth Regi
ment with his old rank of captain. The
election was held in Livermore under the
8u=pic<*s of Captain Wetheren, and Sec
ond Lieutenant J. O. McKown was
elected captain and Sergeant M. Schoen
fold was elected second lieutenant. First
Lieutenant Hunter retains his rank.
Company I of Livermore has been
unique in that it has had at its head a
minister of the Gospel. The company
was organized some years ago ana at
tached to the Fifth Regiment. Rev. C.
M Warner, then a recent graduate and
the pastor of a Livermore church, was
elected the first captain, and he has
held that position until he resigned to
become chaplain of the Fifth Regiment
with the game rank. The old captain
was most successful in his management
of the company, and it is expected that
the new captain will do as well. Cap
tain McKown is one of the leading busi
ness men of Livermore, and has served
many terms in the Town Council and as
Postmaster. He was but recently elected
second lieutenant of the company and
now becomes captain.
MONTHLY EXPENDITURES
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, May 3L
Auditor A. II. Breed to-day refused to
sign another batch of bills of the Contra
Costa Water Company and returned thera
to the Board of Public Works with the
statement that he believed them to bo
illegal and that it was in the power of
the board to declare them so. The Au
ditor gave seven reasons why he con
sidered the bills to be illegal and then
passed them back up to the Board 1 of
Public Works lor further action. . The
bills included in this batch consist of the
water bills for street sprinkling and for
pr.rk and sewer flushing since January 1
of the present year.
With the b|lls returned to-day there are
now some $80,000 worth of water bills that
are held by the Auditor and which cannot
be paid until there is some decision from
the Supreme Court upon the stand that
he has taken.
Mr. Breed takes the general stand that
the payment of any water bills by the
city of Oakland during the pending litiga
tion would be prejudicial to the interests
of the city. He then gives seven reasons
for his refusal to allow the claims.
The first reason is one that he has ad
vanced before in his rejection dt other
claims— that the Contra Costa Water Com
pany collected water rates last year when
there was no water rate ordinance in
force and that this act worked a forfeit
ure of the franchise and works of the
company to the city. ' •
CEAKGES DISCRIMINATION.
The second reason is that the Contra
Costa Water Company has discriminated
in the collection of water rates and in
this connection the Auditor makes this
statement:
It is notorious, however, that the water com
pany since last July has not charged the rates
fixed by the Council, but has been guilty of
discrimination between consumers. From many
consumers the water company has collected the
full rate, but has discounted the established
rate in various degrees to the favored consum
ers. Thus the equality and uniformity of the
rates contemplated by the constitution have
been destroyed. The Contra Costa Water Com
pany has thus violated the mandate of the con
stitution prohibiting it from collecting rates
other than those established by the Council and
has thereby forfeited Us franchises and water
works to the city of Oakland.
The' third reason is that the water rate
ordinance recently adopted fixes max
imum, but not minimum rates, and is
therefore void. The fourth is that there
is no contract in writing between the com
pany and the city. The fifth is that the
Contra Costa Water Company has not
paid its license to the city. The sixth is
that the company has not filed a quarterly
statement of its receipts, as required by
law. ' ••
OWES CITY LICENSE MONEY.
The seventh is that the companv owes
the city several thousand dollars license
money. The Auditor says in regard to
this: . ' '
The Contra Costa Water Company from Hay
20, 18S7, the date of thp approval of the said
licensing ordinance, until September. 1806,
never paid a cent as license money. The records
show it should have paid $100 for each and
every quarter of that period. From September.
1S05. to July 1. 1901. the water company has
paid but ?60 for each quarter of that period.
The records also show that it should have paid
$1CO for each quarter. Since March 31. 1902,
the water company has not paid a cent for
license. The company Is now indebted to the
<-ity for back licenses in the principal sum of
$4220. which, with interest, aggregates $6830.
If these demands were otherwise legal,, the
amount of this indebtedness should be deducted
therefrom before allowing them. • • • it
is competent for your honorable body to deduct
thic indebtedness to the city for back licenses
and thereby protect the city's rights. You
Fhould consider the claims reduced by the
amount of said indebtedness.
pared •with the original entry on the
commissary's books for March, 1902.
The sums in each "instance are the
same. Since the method of bookkeep
ing was discovered by the represent
atives of The Call the entries on the
books have been changed to make the
defense of the Warden better in a pos
sible investigation.
.All sorts of supplies for the Warden's
table have been sent to the Warden's
house from the commissary department
and are charged up to cement side
walks, prisoners' mess or to any other
item that seemed likely to form an im
penetrable shield against investigation.
ALTERATIONS IN BOOKS.
The alterations in the books are not
made for innocent purposes. They
cover transactions that are in violation
of law. In the case of the Warden's
subsistence account they serve to con
ceal the fact that the supplies sent
monthly to the Warden's house exceed
by hundreds of dollars in value the
amount which the law permits to be
expended monthly for the Warden's
subsistence.
Edward McDonald Is Chosen
Captain of G by One
Vote.
Says Contra Costa Ccmpany
Owes License-Money
to People.
Auditor Breed Returns
Claims to City De
partments.
Three Companies of Reg
iment Hold Their
Elections.
MEN OF FIFTH
ELECT OFFICERS
MAKES OBJECTION
TO WATER BILLS
ANNOUNCEMENT GIVES
PLEASURE TO FRIENDS
Engagement of Miss Effie Shull, Formerly
of Oakland, and Charles L. Lathrop, a
Young Business Man, Is Made Known
32
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, 'JUNE -.1, 1903.
Asks to Be Sent to Asylum.
OAKLAND, May 3t-Mrs. Adelaide
Hahn, accompanied by her daughter/Miss
Rose Hahn'. called upon Judge Hall this
morning and - requested that she be sent
to an asylum: She professed to believe
that she had committed some great crime,
for which she wanted to be "punished.
Judge Hall; committed her to the insan©
hospital at Agnews. Mrs. Hahn's hus
band died fifteen years ag-p while he. was
traveling with her in Europe and she' has
suffered from melancholia since..
Discovers Long Missing- Husband.
OAKLAND, May 31.— Mrs. C R. La
throp began suit for divorce to-daj
against J. McE. Lathrop, alleging deser
tion. They were married in Santa Clara
in 1892. and three years afterward he de
serted her. She has been searching foj
him ever since and only a few days age
discovered that her husband is somewhere
in Washington. <
WAED SWINDLES EVEN
HIS OWN ATTORNEYS
Gives Them . Mortgage on Land i:
Utah to Which He Has
No Title.
OAKLAND, May 31.— Thomas "Ward, the
smooth swindler of women, who robbed
his latest wife of $2500 and then tried to
get a $75 diamond ring from S. Lathrop,
the jeweler, was to-day, given six months
In the county jail for embezzlement and a
grilling by Police Judge Smith. Ward
agreed to plead guilty to embezzlement,
and, in order to save time, it .was decided
to accept his plea. It was found that it
would be difficult to secure a felony con.
vlctlon. , \ «• ¦ - ; i
"You are a fortunate man," said Judge
Smith. "You ought to be on your way to
San Quentln rather than to the Counts
Jail.", • ..;. .-.
Ward continued his swindling opera
tions to the last, and even defrauded his
own attorneys. He gave Donovan'& Wise
who defended him. a mortgage for $5W
upon' some land in Utah, which he said
was worth $15,000. The attorneys sent tht
mortgage to Utah and received word that
the land was worth the amount stated
but that Ward did not have title to th<
property. . • •
y^f. AKLAND, May 31.— An anhounce
// \\ ment that has been received with
It // a & reat deal of pleasure • by the
many friends of the young couple
is that of the engagement of
Miss Effle Shull and Charles L. Lath
re p. Miss Shull is the youngest daughter
of Mr. and Mrs. William D. Shull, for
merly of this city, but now residents of
Ran Francisco. She is a graduate of the
Oakland High School and Is a great fa
vcrlte among the friends made, both dur
ing and since her schoolgirl days.
Both she and Mr. Lathrop have been
popular; members of the '97's Cotillon
Club, and during his residence in this city
ho was prominently associated with the
Iteliance Club. ; *
Mr. Lathrop bears an excellent reputa
tion as a business man and holds a. re
sponsible position with the well known
firm of J. K. Armsby & Co., produce mer
chants, of San Francisco.
The date of the wedding is undecided as
yet, but it will probably be a midsummer
event. .
One of the prettiest weddings of the season
was that of Mies Carmen Moore and Walter
Starr, which was solemnized this afternoon at
4 o'clock in the Church of the Advent, East
Oakland, Rev. William Carson Shaw officiat
ing. The decorations of the church were in
green and white, great quantities of peonies
and white matellija poppies from Southern Cali
fornia, against a background of woodwardia
ferns and palms being arranged with exquisite
effect. • .
As the . strains of the Lohengrin march an
nounced the approach of the bride,' twenty of
her most intimate girl friends ln dainty light
gowns preceded the party to the altar and
arranged themselves in the choir stalls on
either side. The advance party included Misses
Laura and Mona Crellln. Miss Mary Barker,
Miss Ethel Kittredge, Mies Charlotte Hall.
Miss Susie Smith. Miss Edith Adams, Miss
Florence White, Miss Marion Goodfellow, Mies
Elizabeth Foulkes, Miss Viva Nicholson, Mi«s
Bessie Palmer. Miss Ethel Moore, Miss Kath
erlne Dillon, Miss Patricia Cosgrave, Miss
Juliet Garber, Miss Eleanor Davenport, Minn
Bernice Sanders, Miss Florence Starr and Misa
Leslie Green. . ...
The bride wore a beautiful gown of white
panne crepe and- chiffon. Bias folds of the
crepe formed a deep point on the front of the
skirt, which was finished with a' wide flounce.
Garlands of chiffon were caught up around the
hem with chiffon roses, and the top of the
flounce was finished with an applique of white
point lace. The front of the bodice was of
white point applique over accordion pleated
chiffon, : and from the elbow sleeves, fell a wide
pleating of chiffon. The veil was of tulle and
the bridal bouquet of Easter lilies.
Miss Jacqueline Moore, the bride's sister, wa3
her only attendant, : and was attired in a
dainty white organdie with effective trimming
of white lace applique. She wore a becoming
hat of white lace { and carried bridesmaid
roses. ;¦ .--_ ¦ .
Allen Chlckering was best man and the ush
ers were Stanley Moore. Wallace Alexander,
Dixwell Davenport, Frank Noyes and Brock
way Metcalf.
The church ceremony was followed by a.
small reception at the house, where the decora
tions were also'in white and green. The bride'3
bouquet was caught by Miss Jacqueline Moore.
• Mr. and Mrs. Starr wijl spend their honey
moon in Southern California and in. the' Yo
semite and will reside on their return in San
Francisco. '¦ ' : . • ;
The bride is a daughter of Mr. and Mrs A.'
A. Moore of this city.
An . enjoyable afternoon affair . was given
on • Wednesday by Mrs. Elizabeth Dow
Yorker to the parliamentary law . section
of I Ebjk. in compliment to Mrs. Jamea
A. ' JPmson. . the retiring curator. A
pleating lecture of the occasion, was 1 the pre
sentation by Mrs. Yorker, on behalf of the
cecticn, of a beautiful solid silver cake-knife
to Mrs. Johnson. The gift was a complete
surprise to the recipient, who was much af
fected by the pretty token of her associates'
ft team. During th« discussion of . the dainty
luncheon that- was served, Mrs. A. A. Dsnni
eon gave a graceful toast to -Mrs. Johnson and
Mrs. C. W. Kinsey gave , one in honor of Mies
Mabel Gray, EbeU'e president. Both toasts
were responded to ln most happy vein.
A novel blackboard game was introduced by
the hostess which caused a great deaJ of mer
riment. Each guest was required "• to draw
fome animal on 'the board, leaving the others
to guess what . It was, ''.the lady making the
greatest number of correct guesses • winning"
the prize.. The trophy was awarded to Mrs.
A. A. Dennlson. Those who enjoyed the after-
noon were : Miss Mabel Gray, Mrs. J. -A. Jchn
scn, Mrs. F. B. Ogden, Mrs. C. W. Klnsey,
Mrs. I. W. GorrJU, Mrs. Z. T. Gilpin, Mrs.
George W. Shaw, Miss Frances Gray, Mrs.- A.
A. Dennlson an<j Mrs. A. Dew..
Miss Violet Whitney, whose engagement to
Lieutenant Purcells was recently announced,
was the guest of honor at 1 a pink and white
luncheon Wednesday afternoon given by Mrs.
John Charles Adams. The decorations were
unusually elaborate, a particularly unique
feature being a large canopy over the (able,
composed of ferns and studded with rose
shaded electric lights.
An orchestra of several piece* was stationed
on the lawn and rendered delightful music
during the luncheon and the pleasant hour
that followed. Mrs. Adams* guests were: Mrs.
A. H. Voorhles, Miss Marie Voorhiea, Mr. and
Mrs. E. Burke Holladay and Mrs. John P.
Young, all of San Francipco, and Miss Cutter
of Milwaukee, Mrs. Orestes Pierce, Miss Violet
Whitney, Miss May Perkins, Mrs. Franklin
Poore and Mrs. A. W. Havens.
Mr. 'and Mrs. Edward O. Arndt of East
Oakland entertained a party of friends last
Sunday afternoon on the occasion of the chris
tening of their children, Walter and Elsie.
Among the guests present at the ceremony
v/ere the Rev. A. SchUUns. Mr. and Mm. H.
Bobslen, Mr. and Mrs. A.' Booge, Mr.' and Mrs.
John Utschigr, Mr. and Mrs. H. Fortrlede. Mr.
and Mrs. G. F. Kerth, Mis? and Master Kerth.
Mr. and Mrs. F. Herten, Mr. and Mrs. Bujir
man, Mr. and Mrs. Jurgensen, F. .W. DuSfer,
FrofCEsor Mauer, Joseph Flaltta, H. Helgcth,
Henry Franzen and W. Schilling.
The Ii vingdale Euchre Club of San Franclscc
and the. Angel City Euchre Club of Oakland
were entertained recently by Mr. *nd Mrs.
C. W. Seldel In their new home at 1723 Valde2
street. After several competitive games hand
some prizes were awarded to the winners, Mist
Tessie Coovy and WiUUm Jackson, both mem
bers of the visiting club. '
An elaborate luncheon was aerved and musk
and dancing indulged in until a late hour.
Musical numbers were rendered j by Howard
Schwartz. Ted Mellen. Joseph <f. Cody. Mrs.
T. E.'Riley and Miss Edith Gay. Arnongr those
present were: Mr. and Mrs. TV. E. ' BlvcnS,
Dr. Pierce, Mr. and- Mre. C. W. Seldel. Mtss
Miller, Mrs. and . Miss Rlttler, Mrs. E. M.
Taggart, Misses Edith Gay. Tessie Coovy and
Mrs. T. E. Riley, Mr. and Mrs. C. H. Hampert,
Herschel Rlttler, W. H. Jackson. T. E.
Mallen. J. J. Cody. .Howard Schwartz and A.
J. McDonald. , •¦ -. ¦
A POPULAR YOUNG WOMAN
AVHOSE E N; G A G E M E N T ;" TO
CHARLES L. LATHROP . HAS'
JUST BEEN ANNOUNCED*. .i
NEWS OF THE BAY CITIES OAKLAND ALAMEDA COUNTY BERKELEY NEWS OF THE BAY CITIES
Eteamer.
From.
Due.
Chehalis Grays Harbor June 1
Eureka Humboldt June 1
Mackinaw... Tacoma .June 1
American New York June 1
Acme. Siuslaw River June 1
Australia...,. Tahiti ; June 1
UicatlUa.v... Pu B et Sound I'crts Jun» 1
BeraDls Feattle ' June 1
Despatch San Pedro ., June 2
Pleiades Seattle June 2
B. Mcnlca.... San Pedro I June 2
Newburg San Pedro ; . . . : June 2
Sierra.'.' Sydney & Way Ports.. June 2
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Ports. June 2
Enterprise... Hilo Juno 3
Arctic....... Humboldt June 3
Pomona Humboldt : . June 4
Rival Willapa Harbor June 4
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way- Ports June 1
Peking China '& Japan June 4
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria .Tun* 4
S.Barbara... San Pedro ..June 3
Palena. Valparaiso &_Way Ports June 5
Point Arena.. Point Arena .... . . June 6
Santa Rosa.. Ran Diego & Way Ports June 5
CityPuebla.. Puget Sound Ports June'.O
Acapulco Panama & Way Ports.. June 7
North Fork. . Humboldt June 7
Mandalay Coquille River [June 8
Argyll , New York via Panama. I June 8
Eonlta Newport & AVay Ports. | June S
Columbia.... Portland & Astoria Juna 0
Rainier. ..... Whatcom June It
Queen Fuget Sound Ports | June 11
Steamer.
For.
Sails.
Senator Nome Jun« 1
Garrone Nome & St. Michael.... June 1
Roanoke Nome & St. -Michael June 1
Humboldt Skagway & Way Ports. Juno 3
Ohio Nome & St. Michael.. .. June 3
C. of Seattle. Skagway & Way Ports. June 4
C. ofTopeka. Skagway & Way Ports, June 4
Farailon... .. Skagway & Way Ports. June 5
Oregon Nome June 6
Chico Nome & Candle Creek.. June 5
Lyra Nome & St. Michael. ... June 6
Chas. Nelson. Golofnin Bsy. direct June 5
Valencia..... Nome June 7
Bertha Cooks Inlet & Way Ports June 7
Indiana ,'Nome & St. Michael. .. June 7
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
«... Xt: „ « ¦ June 1. < I
North For V Humbo'.dt f> am Pier 2
Pomona.... H umboMt :.l:30pPier »
ban-i Rosa Ean piego & Way.. 0 am Pier 11
Jnne 2.
Despatch... Seattle & Fairhaven 5 pm|PIer 16
Newburg.. | Grays Harbor .. — 5 pm|Pi«r 2
Columbia.. Astoria &' Portland 11 am Pier 2*
¦ . . .lone 3. '
Alliance... Portland & Way... 3 pm Pier 16
Phoenix Mendoclno City 3 pm Pier 13
Eureka Husnboldt 0 am Pier 18
S. Monica . . Humboldt 5 pm Pier 2
Bonlta Newport & Way... 8 am Pier 11
Chehalls... Grays Harbor 12 m Pier 2
St. Paul...' Nome & St' Michael 2 pm Pier 34
- June 5. • '
State Cal.. San.Diesro & Way.* 0 am Pier 11
Urnatllla... puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier u
• . Jane 6.
Arcata Coob Bay & Pt. Orfd 12 m|Pler 13
Arctic Humboldt 6 pmiPier 2
Aait*. aiarii China & Japan 1 pmlF-USS I
Serapls...: Hamburg & Way .(Pier 27
June '7. ¦ .» I
Coos Bay.. San Pedro & Way. . 0 amIPier 11
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena 2 pm|Pier 2
Rival Willapa Harbor ... 4 pm Pier 2
Pleiades... N. Y. via Panama Pier —
O Eider... Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 2K
Curacao... Mexican Ports 10 am Pier 11
Jane J>. ¦
Palena. Valparaiso & Way. 12, m Pier 10
Australia. . Tahiti direct 10 am Pier 7
Citv Sydnej Panama & AVay Pts, 12 m PMSS
June 1O. f
City Pucbla Puget Porti. 11 am Pier a
Jane 11. ¦
Ramona... Newport & Way Pts 9 am Pier 11
Mandalay..)CoquiUe River I 4 pm Pier 2
Sun rises ' 4:43
Sun sets 7J20
Moon rises 1:20 a. m.
O Time Time Time ~Tlnio '
p Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
o t> W H W L W H W
1 1:20 7.7 7:33 3.9 12:54 2.1 7:31 5.3
2 2:0S| 1.0 S:50 4.0 1:45 2.3 S:ll 5.6
, 3 2:59| 0.1 9:55 4.2 2:36 2.5 8:32 5.8
4 3:50!— O.f>|10:5.t 4.4 3:25 2.6 9:38 fi.O
5 4:35 — O.fi|ll:45 4.6 4:15 2.7 10:21 «.O
« 5:25 — 1.2 12:37 4.7 5:0<i 2.8 11:10- r>.9
7 0:13—1.2 1:28 4.S 6:01 2.9
II Wl |L, W IH VT\ L TV" .
S 0:01| 5.7| 7:03|— l.O| 2:19| 5.0| 7:00| 2.0
WEAK, lilk JP11 1F^ likii Cured While
STRICTURED B mr 9 §£5^ H IN 15 DAYS
f~£2*^^ "Gran-Solvent" the Wonder of the Century.
f$k*£k C? 4- «u.2 ~4-* - *-^v Dissolved Like Snow Beneath the
/ rVt riCL LirC Sun, in t5 DAYS. The Tension
Jffc S§P1» W1V Is Instantly Relieved.
T^ *&W8 2Q r 468~CURES LAST YEAR—2O,468
r* \H T 1 *¦ Hfl, Al> e Restored by the Magic
W 6& K /VIC!! St. James Treatment, Ap-
t v a * ***** plied Locany and Directly.
Sluggish Accumulation of Blood in the
V£lriCOCCIc Veins, dne to a torpid, diseased Prostate Gland.
«**«. ivv/vviv "Gran-Solvent" heals the Prostate and renews
vigorous circulation, which expels inurare blood and restores healthy tissue.
f^fccw.ng Ammeter of The St. Jaijjes Crayons. Prepared in Tarioua length* to suit the Patient's condition,
are Inserted Into the Cretbra.1 canal upon reUFtag at night, slip Into position without tbe sligbtest effort, *
requiring three hours to dissolve.
"GRAN'SOLVENT" Acts Uke a Mild Electric Current, impart-
ing vim and snap to the entire body. No vile, stimulating drugs to ruin the
Btomach and digestive system, but a direct- and positive application to the
Entire Urethra! Tract, Reducing: Enlarged Prostate Gland and Stremrtheninsr
the Ducts, Foruvot* Stopping Dratnsm
Vinito Tg-D ay. Do Not Delay. imhiuwwih mmimvmum \imvm\mS3M
Any sufferer from STRICTURE and its FREE TREA1I E VOU 'ON.
offspring. Varicocele, Prostatitis and Weak- . ...... :." ...... — . »«..»,. .-.'.... '
nes« f« invited to cut out the coupon herewith. ST. JAMES MED WL ASSOCIATION.
write bis name and addres. plainly, mail it to ,.„«:, mil rvr,v'
the St. James Medical Assn.. 250 St. James 2 **O St. James BIdgr., ClftCIJf-
Blfl*.. Cincinnati. O.. and they will send their J « ATI, ' O.
illustrated Treatise, showing __ • Please eend me" a copy of your Illus-
the parts of the maie system i T */* r*± /x trated Work Becurely sealed. PRE-
Involved In urethral aliments 9^ 8 CC PAID, FREE of all CHARGES,
securely sealed, Drepaid, i-, . - *^^r • y ame ¦'
HOME TREATMENT I
By mn.ll can be used by the Patient I "
nn ftueceNKfuIIy an by ourselves. P Address
We Have CURED MBX In Every City
• In tbe V. S. and Almost Every ¦
Country on Eartli. - -¦*--^ w^i^wmuiiiiiii m it 1 1 rowi
ST. JAMES MEDICAL ASS». I .^££E££ £> CINCINNATI, 0.
I lSk@ ) /""to men who have drugged in vain I
I A^^Ql y TO MtN WHO HAVE BEEN ROBBED BY QUACKS |
I ,y. tomenwhohavelostfaiihineverytiingI
H ) A"P^5Ll» To tnose wno are weak and debilitated, not only from the effects §0
Eg - /' 4>&7^aL of a drain upon the vitality, but from excessive drugging and dos- F
if / \Fr/ctr>\- lne * * rom ruining the organs of the body with poisonous chemicals: U
ra J. f?L>5rvd\ j!/w t° 0SQ whose faith in doctors and remedies of all kinds has been B
M Aj&fe. ; . /fP^W^^rifp^/A destroyed by the failure of every remedy that has been tried— to p
n /^\§^v /^w?»^ir<S\J^^^1^ a11 tnose wno are slck of medicines which never cure, I say *j
I [r^f^^^^^^m STOP- DRUGGING! STOP DOSING YOURSELF ! |
eg tECHi ll^y^J' i^^^^^^^^&^~^A Nature calls for new strength, and you will never be cured until ra
if nKI ~" S^<^»^^^^^^/iy >' ou supply that strength. I have demonstrated during -my Kj
M : M&fo&^£~02?Z5S(/ L^ twenty years of successful application of "Electricity for weak- !$
If ¦¦. • . - /^Mi'D g vLj^2j5ggW^cff nesses that it and nothing else will cure these troubles. It is the fl
S3 / >5§ite3J«!!Hf£s35~§3gS£S only thing on earth that will restore the lost vigor to the nerves 51
Bfl I >£5ggEJ«~3s5t^|5gg|Sjjjjy and organs, and you must use it to be cured. %\
I 1 ' xtinBR r * c^ au^^ a ' s E^ctric Belt!
H \ Makes vigorous, muscular men of the puniest, weakest specimens of Gfl
M • \ \\\u«VwkS^oSS^§CwS^^ "half men"; it expands and develops every muscle and organ in the !«
H \ W^vffl^JS!i^?vVoSNSj^^ia body; It warms the heart, increases the courage and gives a man H,
Pi JW VttlkVKwSN^V^Jv^oc^a power of mind and body such as any man can be proud of. It makes 83 V
|| '.; /SSK \W\V«CWN!mwRaVW^I tne eye Dr) Sht and the step elattic; it makes an athlete of a slusrgard. Ed
|1 JW7*lfV \^\\\\\W^W^VVV^W« Jt cures disease by restoring strength. It is a quick and lasting cure ja
*fl SiHiilimK \^MvWww\V\vV\^ for a11 nervous and Vital Weuknesses,\ Varlcocele. Rheumatism, Pains W
fl yr//tfiIIUJli\ \iUWw^^\w\WJ ln the Ba <* and Hips (Sciatica), Lumbago, Constipation, Indigestion. N
H fflMSlllHu mf^m^M^ Enlarged Prostate Gland, Weak Kidneys, Loss of Memory and all evl- Ei
H WMnrlimaB Il\\«TOWX^MV^vJ dences of breaking down. It cures when all else has failed. [1
H MbII llMlm I\\\Ml!\vV^iu\wf PflMF ANFI TF^T IT PRFF A free test wln be siven to H
II IHII , /IB fl^/''A\\\l\ttlw^WA\\f bUmt ANU ItM It rntt. all .who call at my olflce be- Tj
I • //ff/lll \l\\\\\\lfA^M\Wm\^!w^ tween 8 a - m - and 8:3 ° P- rr - dall y- Sunda >s 10 to 1. In this way I ¥\
i ' Ii lit I lralMM\M\\\W2SlW -" propose to convince those people who wish proof of the merit pos- §j-
m /¦I llill\\lii sessed by my meth od of treatment. I will convince you that it te f.|
1 //Mil ll\lTOln\^® Caffa? on^ ™ " *' 6Verythln * else ha * faiI^
1 /III Mil ml lil\W\\™™\l FRFF RflflK T nave P ubll3l } ed an SO-pase bock, beautifully ill«*- }j
H III lUm 111 llWVSi \ \%W\\\ \\Um rntL DUUrv. trated and full of truths for men and women who 11
i /////// I P llllrali are low in vitality, .weak and declining. It is worth .reading If §
E§ //n I'll I I I \\\!il\\\\V\\H y^ nave tried everything else and believe In nothing, this b.ick t
mil' III llfl 1 I Wft\l\\\\\ISi' " free Ty^ taclo^e^hlsad ' * SCnd "' ly 9e * lei> f
W II /'/nil 11 \ll\\\tUiui CAUTION— 5**°^ Of e med ' cal -? onc^ ri 3 8 *>"««•'"& "Electric B^Hs f
ii / /// / //fl'fl ¦ Mil I I Mil ftSinllll * t I V; A Fp ia e * 'H'"t lova tpifJ «- Th! « °««r Is only a trick to |
I i'l iflL: . Dr. 1 C. McLaughlin, |
I V - !| I llllW OFFICE HOURS -8 a.m. to 8:30 (MR MARKET I
¦ \J /ill l'lli 1 y) ;?:\B| pirn. Sundays 10 to 1. "«D MAIi&tl 01. |Jamaica hopes to export over 12,000,000
bunches of bananas this year.
and wife, D. T. Sullivan and wife. E. Mc-
Gravey. j. Phillips and wife. R. E. Toy and
wife. -E. Stelnway. J. E. Finnigan. • Thomas
Finclgan, John Frank, C. C. Sproule. W. D.
Scott, M. Lewald, AA'llliam Greenwald, John
Dusne, Carl Raymond. Hans Mortenson, George
Frohm. Mrs. G. Williams. Miss Anna Stew
art. J. T. Yarrington, William V. Eagan. L.
AV Kercheval, Alex Lippmann. H. B. Thoroaa
an.l wife.' R. L. Morton and wife, T. H.
Schleef E. D. Gibson. V. K. Finn, J. J.
Rowland. Charles T. AA'ebb. Fred AV. Fahren
holz. James B. Hickey. John Dooley, Frank H.
AVarren. S. H. Shaw, Hugh McCrum and wife,
M. R. Saunders and wife, H. S. Moore. AV. H.
Cameron James H. Dever. Matt C. Tiernan,
J. G Attridge. H. S. Mann. AA\ K. Brackett.
Alice Rojas, Perry Barber. T. J. Duncan. AA'.
H Lcwneberry, August Meyer. Miss O'Neil.
Miss Mahoney. Dr. R. S. AA'alfh and wife. J.
B Cullen T. Parker. Oakland — Mrs. Clara
D'xcn, T. C. Hogan. E. F. I'oole. George H.
Murphy. Mrs. M. A. AA'hlte. H. H. Hay ward,
Theo Feudler. J. Anderson. Louis Pohlman.
Napa — R. Dixon. Jacob Blumer. S. Fitch, M.
Conn C. S. Donaldson. Frank Joseph and wife.
Albany N. Y. — Dr. C. H. Richardson. Calls
toga — Homer C. Hurt. William Spierr3 and
wife Alden Splerrs. George C. McAfee. Mrs.
M C A. Bolles. Mrs. H. I~ Parish, Miss Delia
Farri'sh. Vallejo — H. G. Sunmen and wife. E.
J. Mahoney. A. Coltln. W. P. Spear. John
SODA SPRINGS — San Francisco — J.
P. Wallace, Mr. and Mrs. J. A. CooDer, M'lss
Ethe! Cooper. Mr. and Mrs. R. L. Radke. Mr.
and Mrs. E. P. Danfortlx and family. G. E.
Rasmussen, James Glllon, Fred Manheim, Mr.
and Mrs. C. R.Winslow, D.- T. Sullivan and
wife. E. M. Graney and wife, T. F. Sanford,
Alfred Wolff. Mrs. K. Claybursh. Miss Clay
burgh, Miss Margaret S. Salisbury. Mrs. L-
Blook and family. Mrs. H. Rothschild, Mis»
Rothschild. Mrs. Anna H. Jackson. Miss Cor
nelia O'Connor. Dr. and Mrs. Rothschild. Leo
J. Clayburgh, Stanley H. Jackson and wife. AV.
G. Rlcliardson. AVllliam Stinson. C. V. Miller.
Mrs. M. Meyer. Mrs. Denton, Miss A. Fauser,
Mrs. A. Wolff. Mrs. Collins and family, 11.
Sherwood and wife, Mrs. Edward Stanly, Wsa
E. B. Garber. Mr. and Mrs. Butler Smith, C.
P. Benson. Oakland— AV. W. Foote, H. B.
Taylor. Miss Bennett. William H. Taylor, Mrs.
C. Taylor. Jacob Woerner, J. M. Howland.
Miss Howland, Mias Leiter. H. S. Foote, AV.
W. Foote Jr. Mare Island — A. F. Dlxon. Mrs.
A. F. Dixon, Mrs. M. J. Dixon. Captain G. C.
Reiter. Mr. and Mrs. G. H. Stafford, Mr. and
Mrs. T. G. Roberta. San Diego — Mr.' and Mrs.
F. A. Beckwitb, Mlsa Beckwith. Chicago —
Gertrude AVilliamsi, C. R. Corning. Vallejo—
Miss Nutt. L. F. McManua. Cleveland. Ohio-
Mrs. C. E. Palmer. Napa— Mrs. R. F. Tay
lor, G. AV. Berry and wife. Captain and Mm.
Bush, Miss E. Bush. Miss Virginia Bush.
The engagement has been announced of
Miss Martha Louise Nichols, daughter of
Mr. and Mrs. Thomas H. Nichols of San
Rafael, to James Gratton Zander. The
wedding- will take place in June.
Mrs. Lena A. Son announces the en
gagement of her daughter Juliet to Philip
C. Rosenberg. They will receive to-day
from 2 to 5 o'clock at 1346 Ellis street.
Mr. and Mrs. Benjamin H. LIchtenstein
announce the engagement of their daugh
ter Mabel to Abe L. Gump, and will be
Mr. and Mrs. M. G. Harris announce
the engagement of their daughter Minnie
to Robert Grauer.
Mr. and Mrs. Philip Peters announce
the engagement of their daughter Doro
thy to AVilliam Rosenblum of Guada.
loupe. Mrs. P«ters and Miss Peters will
be at home to their friends Tuesday after
noon, June 3, at 1133 Geary street.
THEY'RE ENGAGED.
Mr. Alfred B. Jacobs, manager of the
A. H. Smith Drug Company, has gone
East on business.
Mr. Barney Phillips has left for a bus
iness trip to Honolulu.
Mr. and Mrs. Chester Weaver and fam
ily, together with Mr. and Mrs. E. R.
Mauzy, will spend the months of June
and July at the Bon Air Hotel, Ross Val
ley.
Mr. Sonntag left last Thursday for the
Yosemite Valley, where he will spend a
brief vacation. He was accompanied by
his wife and daughter.
Miss Haymanson of London, England,
is visiting her sister, Mrs. Pauline Levy
of 1032 Ellis street. At home Sunday,
June 1. from 2 to 5.
PERSONAL.
HOTEL EL MONTE— MIfs Ismer Grove, G.
H. Grove. G. H. Grove Jr., AV. A. Waters,
wife and family: James Lewis and family and
Karl A\"adbach. San Francisco: Gu« Meerfell
and wife. Job Angeles; J. AV. Lloyd and sister.
Miss M. Salden. Mrs. A. E. Omey and Miss
Lou Omey, Oakland. Mrs. J. M. Sewell, Sati
Francisco; G. Fitch. Lcs Angeles: C. Celerious
and L. Feldman, San Francisco; J. H. Pearce.
wife and family, Santa Barbara; M. J. Bahau
man, San Francisco; C. AV. Morris, Santa
Cruz.
MOUNTAIN HOME— Mr. and Mrs. J. T.
Higginti, Mrs. Mendicus, Mrs. Cauhape, Dr.
and Mrs. ! Martinez, Mr. and Mrs. Hayes, Mr.
and Mrs. E. E. Summer, A. O. Matthew, R.
D. Condlt. J. B. Nelson, H. C. Knowles and
wife, John J. Dunon. Miss Lottie Biggs, C. H.
Coote, Miss M. Kell. Selby Trimble, Miss An
derson. Noah G. Rogers. B. AVatklns, J. Stan
field, Mrs. A. Sherf. E. L. Fournie. Miss L.
Hanlon, Mr. Leasal and son, Mr. and Mrs. P.
Rodgers, JIL-s A. Laurillard. Mrs. A. A. Gos
bee, Mr. and\Mrs. J. Matthison. Mrs. Mitchell.
Mr. and Mrs. G. Coosle, Mis. A. M. Glvney,
Miss Blanche Cauhaue, Miss A. Carterl, Mr.
and Mrs. Rolney. Mr. and Mrs. J. Curlln.Jack
Shelton, Jules AVelle, A. L. Fontaine, Mrs.
Betterman and .ion.
HOBERG'S RESORT.— San Francisco— C. J.
Trauslen. Miss Teresa Bleuss. Fritz Krug,
Miss Kunie Krug, Miss B. Schneegass, Miss
Lottie Ambrun. J. E. Finnigan, Mrs. A. Lang
muth. Mrs. I. Kozima, Miss Amy Van Bus
kirk. AV. K. Bracket. Mrs. Gecrge Fail3. Oak
land—W. Christen. Mr. and Mrs. J. Flege.
Fiuitvale — Miss Ruth McKee. Vallejo — MIsj
Anna Aden. Middletown — Miss Susie Deven-
Ing.
AT THE SUMMER RESORTS.
Mr. and Mrs. Philip Peters announce
the engagement of their daughter Doro
thy to William Rosenblum of Guadalupe.
Mr. and Mrs. F. Hairls announce the
engagement of their daughter Dillie to
Maurice Silverstein of this city.
Mitchell Goldstone announces the en
gagement of his daughter Rose to Julius
Berck.
at home Thursday, June 5, and Sunday
June 8, at their residence, 1208 Geary
street.
NEW YORK. May 31.— AVhitelaw Reid, spe
cial Kmbatfcador of the United States to the
coronation of King Edward, sailed to-day for
England 'on the -Cunard liner Umbria. Mr.
Keid was accompanied by big wife and daugh-
Htangenberger. The best man will be
AValdrcn AV. Anderson and the ushers Adolph
}«'j£uenln and Julius Lemle. The bride will
i% given away by her brother-in-law, L. Jules
<Jerhardt, and' immediately after the ceremony
breakfast will be served at the home of the
bride's tieter, 12CJ Fulton street.
To-morrow at noon will be solemnized the
wedding of lii.ss Juliette M. Mergenthaler
and Arthur I>. Davidson by Dr. E. Nelander
$t the First English Lutheran Church, Geary
btreet, between Gough and Octavla.
The maid of honor will be Miss Vallle Harder
and the bridesmaids Miss Mabel Dopking, a
cousin of the groom. and Miss Lena
WEDDINGS.
ADAMS • SPRINGS. — San Francisco— A"
Alexander, T. J. Odea. J. A. Sauer, J. F. Code
C. Lamprecht, Frank Bradf ard. H. H. Herron
THE GEYSERS — San Francisco — J. F.
Plageman and wife, Miss Nellie Plageman,
Robert . Plageman, Gustave Levy, Edward
Adams, Antoine Lachlne. Pierre Eylas, David
V. .Cuneo. Dr. Joseph I. Manson and wife. Mas
ter Stewart Manson, Dr. F. P. Canar Marquis
Rear Admiral J. Trill ey. Mrs. J. TrIIIey. Miss
Rollln Trllley. E. R. Ellis and wife. • Mrs. A.
Hughes, Morris Levy, Miss K. I. Sanderson,'
I. G. Lyons and wife. E. R. Harby, Jules Werl.
Milton Roschrans, Mrs. Nellie Phlnney, Willie
Phinney. Arthur Phlnney: Healdsburg — N. V.
I Beeson, E. Burbank Beeson, Mrs. A. W.
Garratt; Angels Camp — Harry Garratt and
wife, Mrs. B. Morgan; "Alameda — F. L. Van
Meter and wife; Cloverdale — G. Baer, G W
Hoyle. J. B. Elliott. E. H. Frazler. Frank
Mowbray, Mrs. C. E. Humbert, Miss Lulu Dan
iels; Alexander Valley — J. M. Pierce and wife;
San Jose — Fannie C. Lamar, K. Nagasawa.
Miss Lily Ware; Oakland— R.-B. Ayer and
wife; New York City— Miss E. Hughes, H. J.
Howell and wife, J. C. McDonald, W. T
Tully and wife. Miss Kate Tully, Miss Mabel
Tully.
SARATOGA SPRINGS, Lake County— San
Francisco, ' Thomas Durand and wife, E. C.
Calhoun, E. G. Harrlman." Stephen Cheeseboro
F. Sulger. AA'. Lenhoff, Garnet . S. Stenhouse,
John Hadler. Walter S. Garnet and wife, R. D.
Plageman. Miss Minnie Plageman, Walter
Rodgers. H. Bartel. Professor . Maynard and
wife; . Alameda — Miss I Gertrude Lyons, I D. Co
burn and wife. Jchn B. Stetson; Gait — H. F.
Rough: Waycron, Georgia — John ¦•¦ E. Waddley
and wife. ' . - . ¦-. . •. ¦.. -' ;. .
HIGHLAND SPRINGS — San Francisco —
Charles Anderson and wife, H. F. Mann and
wife, Charles A. Zinkand and family, M. W.
Plummer, Mrs. B. H. Plummer, Dr. and Mrs.
R. J... Rlgdon. M. A. Maher. F. AV. Johnstone
and wife, Mrs. J. AV. Parsons, W. K. Brackett,
Mrs. P. K. Gordon and child. L. C. Hansen
and son, T. J. Duncan, A. D. Grlmwood. J. J.
Tillman. Sergeant M. J. Conboy, J. H. Tyrrell,
N. II. Mason and wife, F. C. Berthell and wife,
Mrs. AVllliam B. Collier, Miss Sarah Collier.
P. D. Day. James Comlsky. R. F. Tlllon and
wife. D. V. Sullivan, Austin Mogan and wife.
Austin Green. Mat S. Tierney, S. A r . Bunner
and wife. Miss H. Densome. J. E, Densome.
W. E. Sprague and wife. Oakland — H. B.
Henderson. Philadelphia — William Bercovlch,
H. B. Lownsberry. H, Gump. Clayton, Ohio —
Mrs. J. C. Fraser. Alameda — Mrs. A. N.
Lewis. Vallejo — Dr. M. B. Kellar and wife.
Cloverdale — J. W. Carico and sister. Middle
town— H. AV. Herrlck.
J. S. Hunter and wife, Mrs. H. ,C. Hunter,
Mies Beale, Miss McComas, J. Sandford Holmes,
wife and maid. Alameda — Mrs. S. M. Haslett,
Bert C. Scott. Fred E. Carlisle. E. B. Holmes.
HC)TEL LYNDON — San Francisco — Mrs. S.
M Lynch and daughter, W. R. Lameux and
wife. J. M. Gaskfcl. S. B. Blake. William L.
Hughson. wife and child; Miss Fannie AVhlt
ney, E. C. Cordell. Malone Joyce. G. AV. Wal
lace AV. H. AVard and wife, H. Newell, J. C.
Bride. G. H. Bassett, M. C. Dunham, Mies
Dunham vid maid, H. H. Adams, Mrs. O. L.
Anderson, Mrs. E. O. Sanborn, M. J. Hawley,
Mr. and Mrs. J. W. . Hoyt. H. G. Howell and
wife J. F. O'Brien. Mr. and Mrs. Louis O'Neil.
J. J. Farrell, AV. E. O'Brien, Miss Rita Young,
Miss Belle Shepard, Mrs. J. Burke, Master
Sherman Burke, AV. D. Keyston and wife,
Gorton Keyston. Antoinette Keyston. W. B.
Barry and wife. Miss Bearjistone, Miss Van
Vlelt, Mr. Perkins and son, Mrs. Alexander
Forbes, Miss . Forbes. . Oakland — Miss , Gray.
Mr. and Mrs. George Jeffress, Edward Barry,
AETNA SPRINGS — San Francisco — E. B.
Thomas and wife, Harry J. Miles, James Dan
iels, George P. Thomas and wife. Thomas H.
B Varney Len D. Owens and wife. Miss Mil
dred Rolph. Miss Matilda S. Richard. Mrs. AA'.
P • Shaw C. D. Crowley, Master Arthur C.
Crowley, Miss Frances E. Crowley and Dr.
Frances Howland Parlow. Oakland — Mrs. I.
Requa. maids and children. St. Helena — Mrs.
Meredith James Scearnl. Santa Rosa — R. D.
Dlxon. Napa — Clarence Sackett. Boston,
Mass. — Houghton Sawyer and wife. San
Frsnclsco — Miss M. H. Davles, Miss Camille
Dorn Miss Marian Dorn, Master Jack Dorn.
son. H. Kennedy. Dr. AV. J. B. Stacey. AV11
liam Allen. J. F. Orr and wife. J. S. Orr, G.
Heffron and wife, Mrs. J. W. Jackson, C. La
franchi. AVllliam Howard ami wife. J. Lam
bort. Miss Carrie AVilllams, Dora Moore, Klt
tio Jackson, Elaine Glllam. Ida Lafranchl, An
na Decarley. George Moore, AA'. Ritchie, Wil
liam AVlrt, H. McLauren. John Berry. Thomas
Moore, John Kidney. JameS Owens, Edward
Lafranchl. Oscar Bacon. M. Glllam, R. George,
J. Chrlstopherson. G. Lambert. R. Starrett and
wife. F. R. Fleming and wife, A. AA'alls and
wife. Lena Starrett, Mrs. O. Hansen, Louie
Vanderstrottin, Vernie and Sadie Klink. Gertie
and Lizzie Tomblinson, Gertie Lauteren. Mary
AVelber, R. Florence. G. Kllnk, Edward T.
Lauteren. Band R. Kline, R. Cole. A. Jewett,
J. F. Ungewitter. A. Hammerschlog, N. Frus
tnll. D. Brians. D. Hetzel Sr., D. Hetzel and
wife Jr.. S. Darr H. Thrasher. P. McClure and
wife, Mrs. M. Rlen. Miss Rlen, F. B. Moore,
the Misses Lena Zlllah. Inza. Ella and Jane
Moore, John Rien, Fred Moore, L. do Sella,
Thomas Whitmore. Misses Ina Adams, Elsie
and Carrie. Brown. Captain Samuel Adams,
Mls&cs Jennie and Gladys Hooten.- Alfred Ab
bey Jr. Frank Thomas, Archie McGlll. • Mrs.
E Smith, Miss Eva Smith. Nellie Saunders,
Grace AA'ade. G. G. Lewis. H. Ross, H. Band,
AV C AA'llllams Miss Minnie Gibson. James
O'Sullivan. J. Starrett and wife, F. King.
Charles Lyons. Fred Harrison, M. Ramsey and
P. L. Molr. - ,
AT THE SUMMER EES0KT3
Recent arrivals at Hotel Mateo are: San
Francisco— G. A. Boyer. H. T. McKnight; Mr.
and Mrs. AV. A. Jacobs, Mr. and Mrs. Fred
Jacobs, MIes Bessie Jacobs, Mr. and Mrs. J.
Brown. Mr. and Mrs. Charles Morrel, Mr. and
Mrs. Charles C. Moore, Miss M. Molloy, Miss
L. McAdams, Cecil HHymond, J. Bouse, Mis.s
Helen Kelleher, E. H. Card, C. D. Bell, Mrs.
Leon D. faiorie, Mrs. A. Aronstein, Cliiton birt
con, J. S. Turner, John AV. Nichols. AV. D.
Rodgers, Mr. and Mra. L. AV. Gray, Joseph
AVolf, H. Welch. H. M. Hall; New York— Mr.
and Mrs. H. AV. Hyer, Steven E. Hartwell,
Miss Helen O'Connor; Chicago — Mrs. J. M.
Strauss, Miss Ella Kahn, Mrs. J. K, Armsby;
Kansas City — Miss Mary Lee Henry.
The arrivals at Klamath Hot Springs for the
week ending May 2S are: San Francisco — AVil
liam Ford, Oat A. Crable, A. H. Cohen. O.
Rynning; Klamath Falls— R. E. Hunsaker. P.
D. Duren, Alex. Martin Jr., R. AV. Marple;
Portland. C. A. Rohrbacher; Seattle, John AA r .
Gunn and wife; Ostrander. Wash— L. E. AVal
ler, J. H. Dottener, J. AA'. Davis, C. H. Stock,
Nora Ingram; Gallup, N. M., G. Butler and
wife, i .
The following guests registered at Paralso
Sprirtgs last week: From San Francisco — John
Mitchel and wife, E. Sterling. F. Thompson,
Joe Liel, Mrs. J. F. Jackson. Mrs. de Curcy,
J. Malarine, Mrs. B. McCaffery, Miss McEvoy.
Mrs. F. AVineke, George Schroeder, AVIIllam
Sthroeder, H. Muller, F. D. Mullln, J. Sevens,
Miss A. Armstrong, Mrs. J. AA'isman; from Sa
linas — J. J. Hebbron, E. Eaton, Alex Patter
son, Miss Menke, W. J. Rowen. Miss Gertrude
Renlson, Mrs. Thomas Renlson, Mrs. AValter
Roley; from Santa Cruz— Mr. and Mrs. C. B.
lounger, J. E. Armstrong; from Monterey, T.
J. Field; from Oakland. James AVhite and
wife; from San Jose— James Bernard, wife and
son; from Gllroy— AA r . T. Elffer and T. S. Crag;
from Kansas City. Henry Tavernette. :
.FREEMAN HOTEL. Auburn— Arrivals for
the week ending May 28 are: From San Fran
cIfco — M. Camp, J. Hughes. H. B. Adelson.
R. B. Hollingsworth. AA\ P. Menzies, AV. H.
Cameron. AA\ C. Ralston and wife, H V. P.er
ry._ AA\ Harlin, J. H. O'Connor, J. H. Rich
ai as. John B. Kelly. S. AA r . Davis H. A.
Fcites. Adolph Blaich. H. S, Williamson. M.
P. Duslnbury. W. J. Pratt. A. C. Presley,
Mrs. L. P. Mccarty.' Miss Amy Mccarty. ¦ D.
E. Wa&serman. C. T. Forden. George E. Allen,
Mrs. Arthur Rogers and child. Mrs. AV. Brad
loj-. A. L. Baker. M. S. Co.Tee. Leon Frost.
Andy McCarthy. George AA\ Morris B Georges
H. L. Eastman. J. E. Haskell. J. AV. R.
Payers. H. I. Babcock. H. Newell, F. R Cul
btrtson, B. F. Hartley. J. Hansen, E. B.
Castlen. Oakland— H. A. Swift, S. D. Nes
rr.ith. Mrs. Belle Everette. Gacramento —
G^orgn AA'lssermann and son S. Sleight C. S.
AA'alsh. J. AVoodbury and wifo. C. Jones E M.
Stevens. E. L. Hawk. H. -Nlcolaus Jr.. H. Lin
demeyer. H. B. Bradford. AV. Rose. George F.
Nourse, AV. D. Curtis. L. E. Vandercook. F.
A. Siekc, L. L. Lewis, J. A. Lagrave. Andy
Hampel. H. A. Falrbank. MIfs K. M. Smith,
Mrs. J. C. Jones. Mrs. Logan. Milwaukee —
A. L. Cariton. Minneapolis — C. W. Allen. St
Louis— L. A. Chipley. Boston— C. A. Ingalls!
T. J. Myers. Portland. Or. — Dr. E. A. Davis.
G Morrell and wife. Susanville — E. L. Hub
bard. Appleirate — Miss Bell Lathrop. Spo
kane — M. T. Lawrence.
RIA'ERSIDE HOTEL. Sant* Cruz— Arrivals
for the week are: Chicago, ill. — Mrs. Thoma.i
M. Blgelow, Miss Wilson. Mrs. F. H. Darrow,
E. Glafey. Mrs. J. M. Ross. Utlca N Y.—
Ncble F. Martin, Mrs. N. F. Martin. 'Miss Jes
sie L. Martin. Madison, Wis. — Mrs. H. B
Hotblns. Doylestown. O. — D. S. Fisher. San
ta Cruz. Cal. — James Smith. Baltimore Md
I an appointment of great
importance, when in reality. she is bored
to death in the country and has to come
back for a sight of home, after which she
returns, happy again, and' enters into
rrcre gaieties with renewed zeal. Mean
while things are very quiet in town with
out these fair members of the social
swim. .
/*^-, j-^\ OST of the fair sex are out
If i °^ town, save an occa-
I [ I j s l° na ' one who pops back
\l JJ to the city for the merest
[y^ f//^ errand that must be done.
At least she says she had
(AI1 notices intended for this column must
be vouched for by the name and address of a
member of the family sending such communi
cation.)
MONTE RIO HOTEL. — Mrs. S. Kloppenberg
Misses Jessica Kloppenberg, Nellie Fraucer
chl. May and Yula Bartholomew. Irene Brain,
J. S. Bartholomew, Edward Kloppenberg Burr
Glynn, Edward Clark, Samuel Kllgore, F Wil-
BYRON HOT SPRINGS — San Francisco — D.
J. Baird, I. W. T. Square. R. J. Hanly N.
Peterson, M. S. Rosenthal, Sadie McElroy A.
Gallatin. D. O'Sullivan, M. H. Hecht, W. Ran
buyer. C. L. Shalnwald, W. P. BanMe, John
Harding. A. Ward and wife, Mrs. M. A. Mose
ley. Mrs. J. G. Burgess, S. G. Murphy. J. W.
Reid. J. G. Burton. Copeland Townser.d, H. C.
Ranzulo. Miss Mabel Freeman. AV. H. Barker
S. Barber. J. D. Coughlin, Mrs. McKinnle, i!
Gibeau. F. R. Lynch. P. D. Brady. Mrs. M.
Sacks. F. Brilliant and wifs. D. Rothenberg,
A. Nelson. Mrs. S. Lichtensteln. Annie Layns.
Oakland — E. B. AV'ooley t AA'illlam Everson, A.
Echensteln, A. E. Baker, E. L. Lawrence D.
Denny, G. Mosebacher, Fred . Kahn, F." R
Stewart, C. L. Gray, M. P. Smith. M. L.
Hanna. Fresno — E. D. AVlllIams. AA\ M. AVal
den. San Jose — Robert McConnell. Stockton —
H. E. AVilllams. H. C. Meyer. J. B. Melocke.
Colonel H. C. Shaw. P. O'Farrell, Kentucky:
Charles Rock. Alameda; J. E. Harris, Vallejo;
Mendell AVelcker. Mrs. W. T. AA'elcker. Berke
ley; John C. Klein. New York City; Charles L
Masteck. Miss Ella Masteck. Portland; M. C.
Rodriguez. J. J. Andrads, San Loandro; F.
Price, Sacramento; AV. C. Peters, Irvlngton- F
T. Williams. AV. P. AA'iUUms. Tulare: Mrs.'
M. G. Hlnklo', Miss Margaret Gleason. Seattle;
Mrs. D. Goort. Salt Lake City; Charles Rust,
Sacramento: AV. C. AVagner, Los Angeles:
George F. Cluff. Kansas City; T. ¦ L. Elliot,
Chicago; R. M. Brown. St. Louis: S. K. Drew,
Los Angeles; C. R. Henderson. New Orleans;
L. C. Miller. Seattle; D. K. Jackson, Columbus
O. : F. C. Butler. Denver, Colo.; A.- D. Taylor
Boston, Mass. ; T. R. West, Minneapolis, Minn. '
F. S. Cllne. Chicago; Mrs. R. E. Brewster, St.
Louis; AV. F. ¦ Carson. San Antonio, Tex- T
A. Bailey. Providence. R. I.; S. D. Stuart,"
Council Bluffs.
SEIGLER ; SPRINGSr-^aa.'-FrancJvo— G. F.
Krueger. "Captain' William Engan. Professor
Hcckman. J. B. Hlckey, J. E. Finegan. C. Ma
her. J. J. Mathews. C. Berry. Dr. Craig wife
and son, C. P. Bradford., Henry Brown Gus
Morgan and wife. J. G. Atlrldge W. Moore.
F. Fahrenholz. Charles Webb. James Dooley.
W. H. Cameron, Captain J. H. Dever Joseph
Rowland, W. J. Kane. Albert Hall, Mr. and
Mrs. H. F. Mann, R. Fabbin. J. C. Van Nor
den, Miss A. Van Buckett, W. Lousberry Dan
Lyons. John Duane. Matt Tierney, Dave Sulli
van. S. V. Bunner, wife and child J Cotter,
John Walsh, A. Morgan and wife, Mrs. Still
well and children, Joe Ullom. W. Ames L B.
Spencer. Oakland — Mrs. Byron Rutley and
child. Mr. and Mrs. McGowan and children.
Mrs. C. Dlxon. Jack W. Matthews. Charles
Novocold: Berkeley — Mr. and Mrs W. J.
Phillips and child. F. Glemann. Alameda— B.
B. Huke and wife. Mrs. Cox and son. Captain
G. Anderson. Sacramento — Frank Halsey G.
Burke. F. Madison. P. Kelly. San Mateo—
Theo Fendler. C. Mclntyre.' wife and child F.
Lange. Vallejo — Frank Tillman. Ed Smith,
Frank Jones. C. Mitchell.
HOTEL LA HONDA— Mr. and Mrs. P. V.
I-ong. Mr. and Mrs. J. N. Odell Mrs A. F.
Morrison. E. W. Hause Jr., Roy C.- Slocom.
E. A. Bernhard. B. W. Bernhard Mr. and
Mrs. E. A. Holb. Mr. and Mrs.. G.- D. Graham.
Mr. and Mrs. A. E. Kerouke. Miss M. Ander
sen.. Georgo E. AVebber Jr. R H. Pease Jr.,
H. L. Clapp, W. A. Day. Rlcliard Nichols, G.
E. Ransome, Charles A. Vosrnlsang, Miss Dor
othjt Vogelsang, Norwood Dewey Smith. San
Francisco; Garrison Turner, Modesto: ' Miss
Jessif Knepper. Miss Mary H. Cochran Charlfts
M. Wnbash. Miss Muriel; \. Bcamer. R D.
Emerson. Fred P. Whitaker. Miss Lucile Baily
Miss A. L. Dlckenson. P. C. Harper. Stanford
University; Mr. and Mrs. E. C. Hughes, Palo
Alto. ' .
GILROY HOT SPRINGS— From San Fran
cisco — Henry Tlmmermann*, B. B.. Sloss, H. N.
Hall. V. F. Eebert, R. S. Osbourne, E. Slack,
T. F. Collins, Samuel S. Green, Philip Lassere,
Thomas P. Cone, L. Mason and son, William
Lafrenz. S..M. Parsons, R. D. Myers, Miss E.
Wieland and maid, Mrs. F. M. Frontz. Mitb
J. Otter, F. E. Miller, T. W. Murphy and fam
ily, S. A. Hilbert, Mr. and Mrs. W. R. Whit
tler, M. S. Latham, Edward Purser, W. E.
Wilson. .From. Oakland — T. F. Barrs, L. J.
Linden, L. S. . Newmans .and family, Mrs. M.
de Rose. T. S. Maher. From Watsonville — W.
G. Stevens, Mr. and Mrs. C. G. Relther, R. R.
Beirart. From Omaha, Neb. — William Mc-
Coy. From Sareents — J. F. Nolan, James Sar
gent. From Dixon — M. E. Regal. From Ala
meda—J. D. Tucker. R. S. Snill, Mrs. B. Con
nor. From Houston. Texas— R. D. Martiner.
From Berkeley— Miss K. M. Webb. From GB
roy—Charles R. Sawyers, Mrs. R. H. Petersen,
G. E. Rea.
CAMP CURRY, Yosemite — Arrivals for the
week are: . Mr. . and Mrs. George Fancher,
Winfleld, Kans. ; Lincoln Dexter, -Jo
seph Fernald, Alameda: J. A. Davis,
Baltimore, Md. : . Dr. and Mrs. F. ¦. G.'
Platt. Mr. and Mrs. W: J. Philipps, San Fran
cisco: A. J. Todd. Berkeley; Eugene R. Hal
lett. Mrs. R. B. Hallett, Los Angeles; Mrs. M.
Salinger. San Francisco; Mr. and Mrs. E. 'H.
Austin, Bryan, Texas; L. W. Symmes, S. R.
Symmes, Robert C. Geistllch,- R. C. Johnson,
San Francisco; Mr.- and Mrs. ,W.; S. McCalles
ter. Lawrence, N. Y. ; Mrs. ' E. C. Lambert,
Jacksonville, 111.; N. S. Fatley. Oakland; H.
P. Thall, Berkeley; H. J. Seymour. Elgin, III.;
C. E. Piatt, J. H. Piatt.- Berkeley; Miss Flora
M. McNulty.. Virginia City, Mont.; Willis Cobb
Charles Cobb. Stent; Mrs. W. H. H. King, Mrs.
F. Rhoades, Jacksonville, 111. ; Irving Hardesty,
San Francisco; T. M. Putnam, E. T. Wilczyn
ski. Berkeley: B. Stokes, Alameda: Mr. and
Mrs. J. C. Williams, Lake Mills, Iowa; Miss
Eleanor Mather. Miss Sarah Mather, Philadel
phia: Mr. and Mrs. W. Wrigrht. Pougtikeepsle,
N. Y. : N. H. Jackson, Chicag-o; Mr. and Mrs.
M. Sanders, San Francisco; Dr. W. K Burr,
Los Angeles; T. N. McClelland, Kansas City,
Mo.
AGUA CALIENTE SPRINGS— Arrivals for
the week are: San Francisco — Mr. and Mrs.
.1. McDonald, George Under, Miss Bertha
kinder. Dr. Brandlcy Plymlre, W.
Richards, Mrs. E. W. Richards, Mrs. D.
Bibbero, Miss Eva Blbbero, S. E. Taylor, A.
Shyhester. H. L. Moore, Mr. and Mrs. W.
Taylor. Miss Elsa Hoersch, R. L. Lennie, Mr.
and Mrs. K. Macpherson and son. William
Brady Jr., Mr. and Mrs. E. Tobln, M. L. Mor
ten. Daniel .-Keefe and son, Mr. and Mrs. Gli
mann. F. Peterson. Mr. Berkholm. James Gil-
Ion, C. H. Uandell,' M. Horton and son, Mrs.
Chadbourne, K. T. B. Mills, Mias Gertrudu
Williams, E: Peterson, F. H. Doolittle. Miss
Heler.e Krleger, , Miss Emily Herbst," Mrs. A.
G. Meyers, Mme. U % A. Sorbier, Miss Cecile
Sorbler. Mr. and Mrs. F. W. Hadley. Master F.
R. Hadley. Miss M. y Hadley; Oakland. • J. S.
Courtemarsh; Alameda, Mrs. I. M. Clunie;
Nome. Alaska, Raymond A. Gardner; Steu
benville, Ohio. James Dodds; Alexandria, Ind.,
C. A. Anderson: Napa — A. E. ; Barr, D..
Schwarz; Santa Rosa— A. Schwlnd, Miss Wing,
Miss A. E. Qulnn. Miss K. Qulnn, M<«p E.
Shean, D. E. Martin, Ray Fryer, Mr. and Mri.
J. L. Hay wards; San Rafael, Mr. and Mrs. it.
V. Halton.
Jacob B. Thomas. Mra. Joseph T. Lawton.
Brunswick, Me. — Mrs. Byron- Stevens. Akron.
O. — Mrs. A. M. Armstrong, Arabella Arm
strong. Des Molnes, la. — Mrs. Nathaniel El •
well. Milwaukee. Wis. — Mrs. John B. Hull.
Augusta. Me. — Mrs. Anna S. Hunt. Tracy,
Minn. — Mrs. Harper M. Workman. Sleepy Eye,
Minn.— Mrs. C. D. Griffith. Gardner. 111.—
Mrs. Emily Vlas Gourney, Mrs. Mercy G.
Scripture. Denver, Colo. — Mrs. F. E. Ottley,
Mr3 F. G. Patterson. . Modesto, Cal. — William
F. Martin and family. St. Louis, Mo. — Mrs.
Saiah B. Hull. Mrs. Charles A. Baker. Den
ver, Colo. — Harriet Shepard. Bangkok. ¦ Slam —
Emllu Jottrand, Madame E. Jottrand. San
Francisco — Mrs. S. M. Wall and Bon. J. C.
Myers Mrs. J. C. Myers, L. Schoenberg; Mrs.
I,. Schoenberg. New York— G. A. Ormsby.
Colorado Springs — C. E. Taylor, Mrs. C. E.
Taylor. Miss Taylor. Mrs. A. B. Taylor. Ips
wich. England — Robert Graham.
SOCIETY EVENTS
33
TA.TIO
DNS.
I*
g| if fH
c c - "*
» * •
1 n »—
i.S2
• .62
4S 42 Nff
r.S 41 N'VT
Cloudy .00
Ran -04
.'9 4* IfW 1
Cloudy T.
S2 4S N
Ra.in 1 . 1 1
68 50 KW
cs as t-w
Cloudy T.
<"ear .CO
t.2»
.20
.28
.29.
.29
I.CO
1 .06
I. €4
).T6
* . v "2
I *2
)".*3
i.::s
1.02
t.O8
.. 4S K
71 50 W
€S 54 V.-
9« 64 \V
5i! 50 NW
f.<5 4S f=E
C4 4S W
<i0 52 S
SO *-i S\%'
56 50 W
64 f.« N'W
Clear .CO
Pt CMy .00
Pt Cldy .01
Clear .00
Cloudy .01
Cloudy .10
Rain .22
Clear .12
Clear .00
Cloudy .IS
Cloudy T.
Cloudy .O'*
.29
.2*">
t.74
l.«0
ffi 4« N
V2 40 NW
54 42 W
Ciou-1y .00
Ra-Ji T.
Clear .00
'urr.;
.29
i.Ci2
I.6K
CO 48 >= 1
70 42 SW
91 CO \V
Cloudy T.
Cloudy .01
Cloudy .«J0
Dry Goods *S||3jip Company.
Unparalleled Reductions!
irs
3co DRESS PATTERNS in PLAIN anJ FANCY WEAVES
to te closed out immediately,
Sale Commencing June 2.
DRESS PATTERNS. DRESS PATTERNS.
A splendid line of HIGH : CLASS FINE IMPORTED FABRICS.
FABRICS, formerly soid up to vcr Y desirable material, in plain
$12.00, to be closed out at and fa " c y w caves. formerly sold
, up to ?I7-5O, to be closed out at
$5.00 each. $7.50 each.
IMPORTED FANCY SILK-STRIPED CHALLIES
All of our exclusive designs of this season's importation to be re-
duced from $1.00 a yard to t
75c a yard.
SHORT LENGTHS.
Our entire accumulation of Plain and Fancy Colored Dress Fabrics,
in pieces from iY 2 to 5 yards (suitable for waists and skirts), have been
marked at
LESS THAN HALF PRICE.
/ ¦ . ¦ -
LACE DEPARTM'T
Best Kind of Values for the Money.
|Q| p a yard— CAMBRIC EMBROIDERY, 4 to 6 inches
IZ2b wiie. Regular value 20c a yard.
QCp each— KEISER EMBROIDERED LINEN TOP COL-
L\Jl3 LARS. Former price 50c each.
7Kn Der haif dczen— LADIES' SHEER LINEN HAND-EM-
lUll BROIDERED INITIAL HANDKERCHIEFS Sold only
by the half dozen.
rn n a yard— CHIFFON VEILINGS, in all shades. EM-
UUb BROIDERED DESIGNS.
rn a yard— COMPLEXION VEILS, in LARGE VARIETY
DUG cf NEW PATTERNS.
C7 Rfl each — NECK R UFFS of DOTTED MOUSSEL1NE
UiiDU DE SOIE, trimmed with gauze ribbons, in black,
jickdaw anJ magpie.
GRAND CLEARANCE SALE
Ladies' Suits, Skirts, Jackets, Raglans,
The remainder of our Spring Stock will be
MARKED DOWN TO CLEAR OUT.
CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY,
S. E. Gor. Geary and Stockton Sts., Union Square.
- I •
Greatest Silk Waist Bargains Ever Offered
. Silk Waists by the Hundreds
Reduced to less than the price of the Silk
Beautiful Higji Class Silk Waists in this season's latest and most chic effects, in Taffeta,
Peau de Soie, Peau de Cygne and Imperial Silks — many exquisite combinations that are handsomely
trimmed — all are new, rich and extremely fashionable in choicest of colors suitable for street and
evening wear— The foliowing reductions will give you some idea of the remarkable values now
being offered :
$4.50, $5.00, $5.50 Waists, now.... $3.5O $ 9.50, 11.50, 12.75 Waists, now % 7-5O
£7-5°> $7'75> $8.00 "Waists, now. . 5.QQ $14.50,16.50, 17.75 Waists, now 1O.OO
Big Sale of Stylish Neckwear
An enormous quantity of new and pretty Washable Shirtwaist Neckwear will be on sale
to-morrow — They are the very latest in the up-to-date stock with flowing ends that can be worn as
Croats, Ascots, Tecks, Four-in-hands, etc, — all are in the choicest of summer wash fabrics, some
white, handsomely embroidered in colored silk dots, some in pretty colors, embroidered in FJf"
white silk dots, also fancy stripes in rich colorings — all very recently sold for $1.50 each — /Kp
on sale to-morrow at " g fc/V
Specials in Wash Skirts
Walking Skirts, tailor made of Brown Linen, <£| ETA Tailor made washable Dress Skirts of Linen <JM / ET
all lengths, in the latest flare style, special at v])l .^U Crash in the new, stylish flare cut Cpl .OO
Tailor made Tramping Skirts of Linen-Crash, (M / CT Washable Dress Skirts tailor made of White <£O CA
Covert Cloth or Duck- in latest flare style 4>1.U«J Pique, with full flare, special at $><£.kJ\J
Art Scarfs and Squares Reduced
\ On sale to-morrow— hundreds of handsome imported Art Squares and Scarfs. ' These goods are
elaborately worked with the German cross stitch on cream or white Aida and Etamine Canvas, in the
most beautiful of floral and conventional designs — colorings are in the dark, rich Oriental shades,
some are in dainty light tints — all have been reduced away below regular prices :
. Decorative Squares— suitable for table covers, Decorative Scarfs— for side board and bureau,
stand covers, center pieces, etc. — reduced to also used for table runners — reduced to
$1.25, $1.75, $2.45, $3.00 and $3.50 $2.45, $2.75, $3.25, $3.75 and $4.00
Splendid Bathing Suit Values
Own your own Bathing Suit and be assured of a proper fit — besides its more convenient and
satisfactory in every way — Just see how reasonably you can buy good, stylish Bathing Suits
here to-morrow : . •
Ladies' Bathing Suits of Navy Blue Jersey Cloth, Boy's two-part Cotton Bathing Suits in black,
prettily trimmed with white braid, (j>o or navy blue and cardinal with white (£1 aa
nothing' like it ever offered at the price CpZ.ZO stripes; neatly made, fits well, special at Cpl.UU
Other styles at $3.00, $4.00, $5.00 per suit. Other styles at $1.50 and $2.25 per suit
Remarkable Sale of Wash Goods
¦ . We offer to-morrow a large special purchase of English Fancy Lawns— one of the prettiest
of this season's wash fabrics— absolutely fast colors, 30 inches wide, in an almost endless ~* m
variety of excellent colors and in numerous different patterns — -nothing can equal them for IKr*
summer dresses, shirt waists and children's dresses — Price while they last, per yard. JLC/V
1 1 foamy and Suiter S/s Jl=
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
And all other facial blemishes are removed by
DR. and MRS. A. W. TRAVERSE, IJonohoe
building. 1170 Market street, cor. Taylor, rooms
28-29. with the electric needle without pain pr
scar; permanency guaranteed; hours 1 to 4 p.m.
Brahman Toilet Cream
CURES ECZEMA. POISON OAK AND DAN-
DRUFF. Sold by J. S. Potts Drug-- Co.. 1010
Market street, and other druggists ; also at of-
fice of Dr. A. W. Traverse. 1 170 Market street.
Poison Oak
Positively cured in one day by frequent appIJ-'
cations of Brahman Cream. Sold by J. S. Potts
Drug Co.. 1016 Market St., and other druggists;
also at office of Dr. Traverse, 1170 Market st.
Women's Suits
In This Season's Smartest— Nattiest—
Swellest and Best Styles
UNMISTAKABLY UNDERPRICED.
Come — either Monday or Tuesday if
you're looking for a new suit and feel the
desire from necessity or thrift, to get the
biggest possible money's worth. We prom-
ise you a bargain that will give a new
meaning to this much used and greatly
abused word.
HANDSOME CLOTH SUITS, in blue or
. black. Several of this season's most
popular styles. Eton or Gibson blouse
Jackets — lined with silk, and handsomely
trimmed with straps of moire silk. Grace-
¦" ful full flounce skirts — trimmed to match
jackets. Worth $25— (nA nrk
our price... tJJ *\J»\J\J
DRESSY CHEVIOT SUITS, in blue or
black. Eton or Gibson blouse Jackets
newest sleeves — trimmed with moire
silk and lined with silk. Perfect
hanging flare flounce skirts with silk
drop. Worth $35 — • our COO em
price <t>-4o t OU
SWELL CHEVIOT SUITS, in blue or
black. Eton Jacket. Full flare flounce
skirt, with silk drop. Entire suit taste-
fully trimmed with moire silk. Worth
$42.50 — our -. . (I?Q7 i~\f\
price OO7.U0
STYLISH CLOTH SUITS— tan, black or
.blue. New style Eton Jacket— lined with
. silk. New model full flounce skirt. En-
tire fcult richly embroidered. Worth
Tri 0^'.... .••••• •• v..-:.$25.oo
BEAUTIFUL CHEVIOT SUITS. Latest
. Gibson Jacket. Full flounce skirt, with
silk drop.' Entire suit trimmed with
white ' silk 'stitching. a*y4 f\ f\f\
Worth $47.50 — our price. <J)T^U»UU
ROBERT^VALLAGE
THE FURRIER
219 Grant Avenue
NEWMAN & LEVINSON.
A D VEKTISEMENTS.
.Makes Skins Lighter. Clearer, Purer
ANTIDOTES BLEMISHES
Th<> clear, firm complexion of youth
Is "coaxed back" by Anita Cream.
Applied at j;icrht and removed in
tue i:iorninsr. thus imparting the full
benefits "f its mpdicinal nature. Re-
moves Tan. Freckles, Muddiness.
Pimplr-s, Moth and Liver Spots.
Directions with each jar. 50c of
druggists or of us, prepaid.
ANITA CREAM & TOILET COMPANY
Los Ar.scles, Cal.
I. KATSCHINSKI
PHILADELPHIA SHOE GO.
10 THIRD STREET, SAN FRANCISCO.
mn J PA
NURSES' KID JULIETS.
RUBBER HEELS.
A shoe specially designed for
nurses, but can be worn by any
lady who desires ease and comfort
around the house. NURSES' VICI
KID JULIETS, with broad coin
toes and tips, no seam down the
center, elastic on sides, turned soles
and rubber heels; can be slipped
on in a moment and are absolutely
¦noiseless; no lacing nor buttonir"
THE PRICE ONLY 81. -JO \
PAIR. Sizes 3 to 8; widths C to
We are sole agents.
wftjj j t«[£Kt5iviH l o Bill
LADIES' CLOTH
TOP BUTTON.
LADIES' VICI KID BUTTON
SHOES, with black cloth tops, coin-
toes and patent leather tips and-
spring heels. REDUCED TO
$1.00 a. pair. Sizes 2% to 6;
widths A to E.
ONLY I5c ONLY
BROWN CANVAS LEGGINGS,
for children, ages, it to O years. Re-
duced to 15c a pair. . .
WELL WORTH $1.00.
LITTLE GENT'S TAN SEAL
GOAT LACE SHOES, coin toes and
tips, double soles and spring heels. '
lust the thing for summer and
REDUCED TO #1.00 a pair,
9 to 13&; widths C to E.
Cheap Canvas Lace Shoes
CANVAS LACE SHOES for out-
ings and camping. MEN'S sizes,
85c: BOYS' sizes, 80c;
YOUTHS' sizes, 75c. j
New illustrated catalogue just
out. Send for one. .
B. KATSCHINSKI,
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CD J
'•V^:IO THIRD STREET, 1
San Francisco. n
WE NEED MONEY.
Overstocked Sale Monday
OF TAILOR SUITS, JACKETS AND SKIRTS.
f e *IAKV& K t - 1
500 TAILOR SUITS. A.
900 ETONS AND JACK- 7 //#&
ETS. ¦ ' j \Jg?ffiy£
600 DRESS SKIRTS^ /J^S^^ J*\
All this season's good3. V^pS^ s~~r
(We have only been open " 5.
WAS $I5.00-IS'OW WTT fi T ft^ O 5 A pSpi CFD WAS SI2.5O-NOW
<PO>^>\J . Among the lot are sP -/ •Ov-' <t
100 NEW TUXEDO ETONS AND BLOUSES, \
In Cheviots. Broadcloth. Taffeta Silk, Moire and Peau de Soie. both plaJn £
and trimmed, some lined throughout with white satin, at ridiculously low
prices. In silk— $5.00, $8.00, $9.00, $10.00, $12.50. In cloth— $4.00, $5.00, $7.50, $10.00.
A GUARANTEED ALL-WOOL TAILOR SUIT, WAS $12.50, NOW $7.50.
Jacket is silk-lined, with velvet collar, skirt latest style, graduated
flounce; sizes 32 to 42. • *::,'. ?j
$7.50 TAFFiTA SILK DRESS SKIRTS-SALE PRIGE $5.00. \
Our $15.00 TAFFETA SIIiK DRESS SKIRTS, sale price S9.OO; made
of Swiss Taffeta and trimmed with five rows of ribbon ruching.
60-inch MOIRE COATS, like cut. were $15.00; sale price $S.5O. This
coat is^well tailored and faced with white satin. {}
27-lnch MOIRE BOX COATS, regular price $3.50; sale price $5.00;
made with full Kimona sleeves, and Is one of our best bargains.
LATEST STYLE BLOUSE TAILOR SUITS.
.^-^ ' These suits were made S~*\ *
/(V^V -;:I/- to sell for $25.00 and $27.50. >/« A £
-^.-fS^v Y\ Blouse is silk-lined, with fl '/'
¦ l\ \J$K \\- peplum attached; skirt I, ]• I / ,jf / r \
/ ¦ I ¦ YtoA \T\ latest cut flounce and (': 1/ X ( >
/ I Qfo\ v\ we *' ma^ e * ¦ n if'/ I
/ A >aSA \?V In pearl gray, blue and \\( / \
T /V ' >^-J VQ black cheviot.. $17.50 W o \ sj
/ f \ ••¦^^-I« In blue, black and brown * Vj / y
f I \ t Ve/M etamine JP18..1O \»V ° • /
\ \ V : vM \ brown broadcloth^ M\v^v^/
;-?' \/\ M^ \y\ TTJXEDQ ETON (HkR L^J Z / §
\ •/ \ cut), made of Biack Peau — ¦" >C'r
* x . V^ de Soie, sale price -^< , r
a^«Z> f\C\ »S.OO: iined throughout QiCT CtC* t
CpOtVJU with white satin. feJune, 1902.
8. ~M. T\ W. T. F. I S. Moon's Phases
1 2 3 4 5 6! 7 <& New Moon,
: * — qgJune 5.
-JL -JL.2L JL J£_ 13 J±. -»*-»r8tyr..
15 16 17- 18 19 ~20~ 21 ~Jg™gl__
/£5\ Full H don,
22 23 24 25 26 27 2S June -0-
S0 30 ~n~^~ ~~\~~ ~~~~ June 28."
CALL CALENPAR.
Branch Hydrographic Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants 1 Exchange, San Francisco, Cal..
May 31, 1902. -
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day,
1. e., at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
p. m.. Greenwich time.- •, ~
- W. H. STANDLEY.
Lieutenant. U. S. N.. In charge.
Time Ball.
The bark Gerard C. Tobey s.^led on Friday
forHonolulu with a peneral cargo valued at
$16,442. The cargo included the following
merchandise and produce: 3S74 ctls barl»y,
214 ctls wheat. 48.334 lb« rorn, .1500 lbs meals.
Si 430 lbs middlings. 4050 lbs rolled barley, C2.
4*9 lbs bran. 125 bbls flour. 2C">0 lbs oats, 270
lbs ham. CO cs canned 52 cs boots and
*hoe««. 100 bbls be*r, 15 cs gin. 100 cs soap.
£30 pkgs groceries and provisions. 11 pkgs hard-
Exports to Hawaiicm. Islands.
Movements of Steamers.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
dnj In the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day. except when there are but three tld>s, as
eometimett occurs. The heights given ar« In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Const Purvey charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
riven is ' subtracted from the depth given by
the charm. The Diane of reference Is the mean
of the lower low waters. '
The German bark Paul Isenb^rg is chartTed
for wheat to Europe at 25s net. The schooner
Commerce was chartered prior to arrival for
lumber from Pujret Sound to Guayaquil at R2s
Cd. The new Kchooner J. H. Lunsmann loads
lumber at Whatcom. for Hongkong at 39s. and
the Fchooner Samar. lumber and pi>s at Brit
l«h Columbia, for Santa Rosalia. The schooner
Hrlene and the barkentine' Planter load gen
eral merchandise here for Honolulu and the
ehfp Falls of Clyde Fame carpo for Hilo.
NEWS OF TEE OCEAN.
SUNDAY. JUNE 1.
The srhoor.er Aloha arrived yesterday, twenty
<1«y? from Honolulu. Her cargo consists of
SO.000 bars of sugar.
Arrives From Honolulu.
Tfce fnited States army transport Buford
mill sail to-morrow at noon for Manila. She
will carry a number of casuals and recruits
end 1300 tons of stores.
Buford Sails To-Morrow.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay Published by official au
tbority of the Superintendent .
NOTE — The hlph and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
t*cnty-nve minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Customs Inspector John Peppin yesterday un
earthed on the America Maru a rich horde of
contraband eoods. the property of L. E. Be-
BiiES, the white purser on the Japanese liner.
Some of the goods were discovered In the mall
room, the balance in Bemiss' trunk. The pur
eer confessed to the ownership and Inspector
Peppin took charre of the goods, which iu
variety and quality pay mute tribute to the
rhrewdnets of the purser's trading instinct.
The seizure is considered important' for the
reason that it is unusual for the purser of a
bic passenper liner to be implicated in any
thinr savoring- of sniUBSlinp. Peppin is proud
of the seizure, which he has listed as follows:
One silk handkerchief case, one cloisonne vase,
twelve silk doylies, one silk center piece, one
Ivory p^r^r cutter, one silk pin cushion, 525
cigars and two bolts of cilk. The fllk was
found In Bem!?s' trunk. A tabourette was
a!*o seized, but of this the purser disclaims
cwnershln.
Purser's Goods Seized.
TELEGRAPHIC,
r.ii» OIXT . J^£? S - Ma >' 31 - 10 P m— Weather
clear; wind NW. velocity 22 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
BOWENS LANDING— Sailed May 31— Stmr
April 21; lat 19 S. Ion 29 W— Br ship Mare
chal S»chet. from Tacoma, for Queenstown
May 28. l?t 49 N, Ion 5 W_Br ship Holy
rood, from Antwerp, for Oregon.
May 29, lat 60 N. Ion 10 W— Br shiD Eu
phrates, from Tacoma, for Queenstown
A»>ril 22, lat 18 S, Ion 29 W — Br ship Eva.
Montgomery, hence Jan 22, for Queenstown.
May 14, lat SO N, Ion 4 W — Br bark Iverna
from Tacoma, for Cardiff.
May IS. lat 4« x. Ion 26 W— Ger bark
Wandsbek, from Penarth. for Santa Rosalia
May 19, lat 10 N. Ion 23 W— Br ship Milton
burn, from Hamburg-, for SantaRosalla.
Per schr Aloha— May 24. lat 36 7 N, Ion 142
Francisc rtha DavIs - 'rom Hilo, for San
SPOKEN.
Saturday, May 31.
Ptmr Queen, Hall. Victoria, etc.
Stmr Mandalay. Batchelder. Bandon.
Stmr San Pedro. Jahnsen, San Pedro.
Stmr South Coast, Jamieson, .
Stmr Grace Dollar, Hansen. Seattle.
Stmr Santa Cruz. Nlcolson, San Pedro.
Stmr Alameda. Herriman, Honolulu.
Stmr Point Arena. Har.s?n, Mendoeino.
Stmr Crescent City, Payne, Crescent City.
Stmr t'elia. Hopan, .
Ger stmr Hathor, Petersen, Tacoma.
Br stmr Victoria. Casey. Ladysmith.
Schr Ida. Camcbell. BodeKa,
Bktn Wrestler. Nielsen, Port Gamble.
SAILED.
CLEARED.
Saturday, May 31.
Stmr Alameda, Herriman, Honolulu; J D
Spreckels & Bros Co. J
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Diego;
GoodalL Perkins & Co.
fc-tmr Pomona. Shea, Eureka; Goodall, Per
klr.s & Co.
Stmr Queen, Hall. Victoria, etc; Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
Stmr Lakme, Johnson, Astoria; The Chas
Nel«on Co.
Stmr North Fork, Nelson, Eureka; The Chas
Nelson Co.
Stmr Columbia. Doran, Astoria.; Oregon Rail
road and Nav Co. t
Ger stmr Hathor, Petersen, Tacoma; J D
Spreckels & Bros Co.
Schr Olsa, Waldwick, Mahukona; The Chas
Nelson Co.
Saturday, May 31.
Stmr Phoenix. Ordland, 14 hours from Men
docino.
Stmr Melville Dollar, Fosen, 57 hours from
San Pedro.
Stmr Lakme, Jensen. 59 hours from San
Pedro.
Stmr South Coast, Jamleson, 44 hours from
Santa Barbara.
Simr Alliance. Hardwick, 5 days from Port
land, via Coos Bay, via Kureka 24 hours.
Stmr San Pedro, Jahnsen, 6ti hours from
Grays Harbor; bound south; put in to land
passengers.
Stmr Bonita, Nopander, 67 hours from New
port and way Dorts.
Stmr Alcatraz, Carlson, 48 hours from San
Pedro.
Stmr Redwood City, Moe, 11 hours from
Bowens Landinr.
Stmr Brooklyn, Hitrglns, 26 hours from Eu
reka, via Point Arena 10 hours.
Br stmr Welllnffton, McKellar. SO hours
from Ladysmlth.
Bark Martha Davis, McAImon, 23 days from
Hllo.
Schr Cbas R Wilson, Johnson, 7 days from
Portland.
Schr Aloha, Fry, 20 days from Honolulu.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
I... ;. : ;- / ¦
DES MOINES, Iowa, May 31.—Postof
fice Inspector O'Copnell testified at the
Balliet trial to-day that the defendant
told him last April that he had received
$173,000 from stockholders of the White
Swan mine and that of this sum he had
expended $17,000 on advertising and $15,000
on postage; aiso that the total output ht
all mines operated by him was but $b31,
all of which was secured from the Gold
Kidge mine and not from the White Swan,
and that he had expended 15700 on it.
A letter was introduced in evidence
written by Balliet /from Des Moines to
W. B. Barstow of 'Manila, Iowa, appris
ing him that he was conducting a sub
scription contest for the Mining News
and requesting him to copy a list of
names that Balliet inclosed with his let
ter, so as to obtain the prize, after which
j the prize could be returned to Balliet.
, This subscription list was to be submitted
to the Government, obtaining accesi-5 to
the mails as second class matter for the
Mining News. " ¦
T. J. Potter, ex-Postmaster of Baker
City, Or., testified t v at the ' illesjeJ open
ing o» the White bwan min3 two mjutjs
ago, 'vtveh Was saiJ to have been attPR'l
ed wuh elaborate ceremonies, was a
fiasco, and that the machinery was start
ed only. to stop a few minutes later. 1'lii?
statement was. corn >borated by other wit
nesses. .:
Cymric, from New York, for I-.lver^ool.
LIVERPOOL— Sailed May 30 — Stmr Ktru
rla, for New York. - • • ¦
ANTWERP — Sailed May 31 — Stmr South
wark. for New York. . •¦.••¦¦
HAVRE— Sailed May 30— Stmr La Lorraine,
for New York. . '
CHERBOURG— Sailed May 31— Stmr St
Louis, from Southampton, for New York.
Opening, of the White Syran
Mine Said to Have Been
a Fiasco.
Postal Inspector Throws
Light on Balliet
Case. /
t; T. Alexander, Mrs. Alexander. Miss E.
Ani-'^'E Miss C. Baldwin, W. M. Campbell, B.
CartwrUfht D. Chamberlain. Frank Clark.
Mrs Clark W. J. Conroy. Hon. S. 11. Dole,
Mrs! M Downing, H. K. Duffus, Mrs. J. H.
Faraday and two children. Mrs. G. W. Fletch
er. Faxon B. Gedge, Vernon M. Gedge, Mrs..
A. H Geffeney and two children, E. Goldberg.
K. M Hatch, L. C. Henderson, R. Renton
Hind, Mrs. C. F. Herriman, M. A. Herriman,
W. H. Hodchead, Mrs. W. F. Holden. Dr.
Holt. L. Hcniesberger. A. G. Hubbard, Mrs.
Hubbard. two children axid maid. F. Laidlaw.
Mis Laidlaw. Miss M. Meux. J. Michaels.
Mrs. Olsen and child. Edward Osbun. Mrs.
Osbun and two children. M. C Pacheco, Mis*
C. J. Pratt, G. Schuman, II. Schweitzer. J.
Searby Mrs. Pearby, Charles Sparwasser, Dr.
Tripp" ' Mrs. Tripp, TV. W. Tucker, TV. T.
Veltch. Captain F. D. Walker. A. WelU. Miss
G. Whitaker. Mrs. H. P. Wood, Miss Wood.
Alexander Youns and Mrs. Young.
The other passengers were:
most prominent of the passengers
was Hon. Sanford B. Dole. Governor of
the Hawaiian Islands, who returns to his
ieland post with his hand still tingling
rrorn the Presidential grasp and the chief
executive's words of friendly commenda
tion yet ringing in his ears. There was
a large delegation of Governor Dole s
friends at the wharf to bid him good-by,
and the hand that shook the hand of
lioosevelt was in steady demand up to
the moment of sailing. With his impos
ing beard framed in a wreath of sweet
peas, waving in his left hand a bunch ct
bright-colored posies and smiling and
bowing with almost Rooseveitian vigor,
ifct- Governor of the south sea ierritory
seemed more than pleased to be on the
last stage of his homeward journey.
THE Oceanic Steamship Company's
Pacific liner Alameda sailed yes
terday for Honolulu with a big
cargo and many passengers. Th«
The schooner Olga. which was cleared yes
terday for Mahukona. carried an assorted mer
chandise cargo valued at $37,513. The follow
ing were the principal shipments: 625 bb'.n
flour, 131,60.5 lbs bran. 179ti ctls barley, 245
ctls wheat, 50,515 lbs middlings. 4055 lbs oats,
97,102 lbs rolled barley. 120 bales hay, C40D
lbs salt. 7392 lbs sugar, 927S lbs bread. 403S
lbs lard. 490S lbs meal. 6699 !bs beans. 531,404
lbs fertilizer. 300 bbls cement, 160 bbls lime.
62 pkgs millwork. 1000 posts. 66 cs hardware,
49 sks coal. 872 lbs starch, 431 lbs cheese. «300
lbs butter, 1060 lbs codfish. 296 lbs dried fruit,
629 lbs ham and bacon. 5 bxs raisins, 2 cs
onions. 10 cs whisky. 55 cs potatoes. 50 reels
wire 12 cs soap 83 pkgs machinery, 8 bales
paper. 250 cs coal oil, 32 pkgs paints and oils,
273 gals wine. 16 cs canned salmon, 94 pkgs
groceries and provisions.
ware, 1263 bags fish guano. 100 bbls lime, 10
timbers. 23.510 feet lumber. 100 kegrs white
lead, 35 carboys muriatic acid. 4 pkgs ma
chinery. 3000 lbs coffee, 52 cs glassware, 50
pkgs upholstery material, 1 wngon, 1 horse and
1 cow.
KINSALE— Passed May 31— Br ship Alcln
ous, hence Feb 18, for Queenstown.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived May 31— Ital bark
Zilia, hence Feb 6. ;
Arrived May 30 — Br ship Scottish Lochs,
from Tacoma. ¦ •. ¦ ¦
NEWCASTLE, NSW— Sailed May 30 — Bktn
Jane L Stanford, for Hawaiian Islands.
VANCOUVER— Sailed May 31— Br bark
Holywood, for Tacoma; etmr City of Seattle,
for Seattle.
FALMOUTH— Passed May 31— Nor bark
Oliva, from Oretron, for United Kingdom.
Arrived May 31 — Fr bark Jean Bart, from
Oregon; «»fr bark Seestern, from Oregon. May
30 — Br ship Glenericht, from Tacoma.
SCILLY — Passed May 30— Ger bark See3tern,
from Oregon, for Queenstown.
MONTREAL— Cleared May 27— Stmr Redon
do. for San Francisco, via New York.
HAMBURG— Sailed May 28— Ger stmr Hero
dot, for San Francisco.
SWANSEA— Sailed May 20— Br ship G W
Wolff, for Astoria. i y
COLON— Arrived May 27— Stmr Allianca,
from New York. - ' ¦ ;
SHANGHAI— Arrived May 28— Ger stmr
Theodore WUIe, from Astoria. ¦ : •
DUNGENESS — Passed May 20 — Fr bark
Bourbakl. from Antwerp, for San Francisco
ACAPULCO— Sailed May 23— Stmr Acapulco,
for San FrancUco. May 30 — Stmr Newport, lor
Panama.
ANTWERP— Sailed May 30— Br shia Inver
ness-shlre, for San Francisco.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived prior to May 31— Jan
stmr Nippon Mara, from San Francisco, via
Honolulu, for Honjkonff.
NEW YORK— Arrived May 31— Stmr L'Aqul
taine, from Havre.
Sailed. May 31 — Stmr Potsdam, for Rotter
dam, via Boulogne; stmr La Gascocne, for
Havre: stmr Cassel, for Bremen; stmr Hohen
zollern, for Naples and Genoa: stmr Umbria,
for Liverpool; stmr Mlnnetonka, for London
stmr Columbia, for Glasgow.
Arrived May 31— Stmr Rhyndam, from Rot
terdam.
HONGKONG— Arrived May 30— Stmr Doric,
from San Francisco, via Honolulu and Manila
HAMBURG— Arrived May 31— Stmr Au
guste Victoria, from Plymouth and New York.
SOUTHAMPTON — Arrived May 31— Stmr
Friederich der Grosse. from* New York, for
Brer^.en. : \ - "
QUEENSTOWN — Arrived May 31 — Stmr
| Redwood City, for San Francisco.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived. May 31— Bark
Palmyra, from Port Townsend.
NEAH BAY— Passed in May 31— Br ship
Tweedsdale, from Honsay,- for Port Townsend.
Passed in May 31 — Schr Jas A Garneld. from
Hueneme, for Port Blakeley; stmr Indiana,
hence May 28, lor Seattle; bark Haydn Brown
and schr Transit, from Honolulu, for Port
Townsend.
Passed out May 31 — Br stnir Mipwera, from
Vancouver, for Sydney.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived May 31— Bark
Palmyra, from Victoria.
Sailed May 31— Bark Coloma, for Puget
Sound; schr Samar, for British Columbia.
Passed in May 31 — Stmr Indiana, hence May
28, for Seattle.
Arrived Mav 31 — Bark Palmyra, from Es
quimau. '
Arrived May 31 — Br bark Tweedsdale, from
Holiday. 4»
EUREKA — Arrived May 30 — Stmr Eureka,
hence May 29; stmr Arctic, hencej May 29.
Sailed May 30 — Stmr Ruth, for San Pedro;
stmr Chas Nelson, for Seattle; stmr Pasadena,
for San Pedro; schr Brooklyn, for San Fran
cisco. May 31 — Bark Holltsswood, for Freman
tle.
ASTORIA— Arrived May 31— Schr Lizzie
Vance, hence May 20.
SAN PEDRO — Arrived May 31— Stmr Des-~
patch, 'from Redondo; Etmr Santa Barbara,
Irom Port Hadlock; etmr Whitesboro; schr
Eric, from Tacoma.
Sailed May 31 — Stmr Santa Monica, for San
Francisco; schr Lucy, for Umpqua River.
POINT REYES— Passed May 31— Stmr Pasa
dena, from Eureka, for San Pedro. . :
TACOMA— Arrived May 31 — Br stmr Ganges,
from Vancouver; stmr Ohio, from Seattle.
Sailed May 31 — Stmr Cottage City, .for Skas
way; etmr City of Puebla, for San Francisco.
bailed May 31 — Schr Alvena, for San Pedro.
CASPAR — Sailed May 31— Stmr Luella. for
San Francisco.
EVERETT— Arrived May 31— Bark Coloma,
from Callao.
PORT BLAKELEY— Sailed May 31— Schr
Meteor, for San Pedro. >.
PORT LUDLOW— Arrived May 30— Schr Wm
Olsen, hence May 19; achr Commerce, from
Valparaiso. : '
SEATTLE— Arrived : May 31— Stmr Chico,
from Valdez. May CO — Stmr Valencia, hence
May 27. .
Sailed May 31— Stmr Cottape City, for Ta
coma. • :
FOREIGN PORTS.
MAZATLAN— Sailed May 31— Chil Etmr Pa
lena, for San Francisco.
SYDNEY— Arrived May 30— ShiD Reuce.
from Vancouver. . . ,
GOVERNOR DOLE AND MANY TOURISTS
LEAVE FOR HONOLULU ON ALAMEDA
OFFICIAL TELLS
OF THE FUNDS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 3, 1002.
TO ARRIVE.
TO SAIL.
FROM SEATTLE,
34
Steamer.
For.
Sails.
Senator Nome Jun« 1
Garrone Nome & St. Michael.... June 1
Roanoke Nome & St. -Michael June 1
Humboldt Skagway & Way Ports. Juno 3
Ohio Nome & St. Michael.. .. June 3
C. of Seattle. Skagway & Way Ports. June 4
C. ofTopeka. Skagway & Way Ports, June 4
Farailon... .. Skagway & Way Ports. June 5
Oregon Nome June 6
Chico Nome & Candle Creek.. June 5
Lyra Nome & St. Michael. ... June 6
Chas. Nelson. Golofnin Bsy. direct June 5
Valencia..... Nome June 7
Bertha Cooks Inlet & Way Ports June 7
Indiana ,'Nome & St. Michael. .. June 7
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
«... Xt: „ « ¦ June 1. < I
North For V Humbo'.dt f> am Pier 2
Pomona.... H umboMt :.l:30pPier »
ban-i Rosa Ean piego & Way.. 0 am Pier 11
Jnne 2.
Despatch... Seattle & Fairhaven 5 pm|PIer 16
Newburg.. | Grays Harbor .. — 5 pm|Pi«r 2
Columbia.. Astoria &' Portland 11 am Pier 2*
¦ . . .lone 3. '
Alliance... Portland & Way... 3 pm Pier 16
Phoenix Mendoclno City 3 pm Pier 13
Eureka Husnboldt 0 am Pier 18
S. Monica . . Humboldt 5 pm Pier 2
Bonlta Newport & Way... 8 am Pier 11
Chehalls... Grays Harbor 12 m Pier 2
St. Paul...' Nome & St' Michael 2 pm Pier 34
- June 5. • '
State Cal.. San.Diesro & Way.* 0 am Pier 11
Urnatllla... puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier u
• . Jane 6.
Arcata Coob Bay & Pt. Orfd 12 m|Pler 13
Arctic Humboldt 6 pmiPier 2
Aait*. aiarii China & Japan 1 pmlF-USS I
Serapls...: Hamburg & Way .(Pier 27
June '7. ¦ .» I
Coos Bay.. San Pedro & Way. . 0 amIPier 11
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena 2 pm|Pier 2
Rival Willapa Harbor ... 4 pm Pier 2
Pleiades... N. Y. via Panama Pier —
O Eider... Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 2K
Curacao... Mexican Ports 10 am Pier 11
Jane J>. ¦
Palena. Valparaiso & Way. 12, m Pier 10
Australia. . Tahiti direct 10 am Pier 7
Citv Sydnej Panama & AVay Pts, 12 m PMSS
June 1O. f
City Pucbla Puget Porti. 11 am Pier a
Jane 11. ¦
Ramona... Newport & Way Pts 9 am Pier 11
Mandalay..)CoquiUe River I 4 pm Pier 2
Eteamer.
From.
Due.
Chehalis Grays Harbor June 1
Eureka Humboldt June 1
Mackinaw... Tacoma .June 1
American New York June 1
Acme. Siuslaw River June 1
Australia...,. Tahiti ; June 1
UicatlUa.v... Pu B et Sound I'crts Jun» 1
BeraDls Feattle ' June 1
Despatch San Pedro ., June 2
Pleiades Seattle June 2
B. Mcnlca.... San Pedro I June 2
Newburg San Pedro ; . . . : June 2
Sierra.'.' Sydney & Way Ports.. June 2
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Ports. June 2
Enterprise... Hilo Juno 3
Arctic....... Humboldt June 3
Pomona Humboldt : . June 4
Rival Willapa Harbor June 4
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way- Ports June 1
Peking China '& Japan June 4
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria .Tun* 4
S.Barbara... San Pedro ..June 3
Palena. Valparaiso &_Way Ports June 5
Point Arena.. Point Arena .... . . June 6
Santa Rosa.. Ran Diego & Way Ports June 5
CityPuebla.. Puget Sound Ports June'.O
Acapulco Panama & Way Ports.. June 7
North Fork. . Humboldt June 7
Mandalay Coquille River [June 8
Argyll , New York via Panama. I June 8
Eonlta Newport & AVay Ports. | June S
Columbia.... Portland & Astoria Juna 0
Rainier. ..... Whatcom June It
Queen Fuget Sound Ports | June 11
Sun rises ' 4:43
Sun sets 7J20
Moon rises 1:20 a. m.
O Time Time Time ~Tlnio '
p Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
o t> W H W L W H W
1 1:20 7.7 7:33 3.9 12:54 2.1 7:31 5.3
2 2:0S| 1.0 S:50 4.0 1:45 2.3 S:ll 5.6
, 3 2:59| 0.1 9:55 4.2 2:36 2.5 8:32 5.8
4 3:50!— O.f>|10:5.t 4.4 3:25 2.6 9:38 fi.O
5 4:35 — O.fi|ll:45 4.6 4:15 2.7 10:21 «.O
« 5:25 — 1.2 12:37 4.7 5:0<i 2.8 11:10- r>.9
7 0:13—1.2 1:28 4.S 6:01 2.9
II Wl |L, W IH VT\ L TV" .
S 0:01| 5.7| 7:03|— l.O| 2:19| 5.0| 7:00| 2.0
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
AMERICAN FIBE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF PHILADELPHIA. IN THE STATE OF
Pennsylvania, on the 31st day of Decem-
ber, A. D. 1901, and for the year ending on
that day, as made to the Insurance Commis-
sioner of the State of California, pursuant to
the provisions of sections 610 and 611 of ths
Political Code, condensed as per blank fur-
nished by the Commission*! 1 :
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock," paid up
In Cash $500,000 00
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company.. $39/,l7S 54
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages.. 882,402 55
CaEh Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company. . . ¦ 786,652 5Q
Amount of Lroanp secured by pledge
of Bonds, Stocks and other mar- ; ¦
ketable securities as collateral.. 2,700 00
Cash In Company's Office. ....... 8,867 74
Cash Jn Banks 63,138 30
Interest due and accrued on all • .
Stocks and Loans ................ ; 7,052 67
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages .... 13,677 80
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
„ U°n •••:•• 169.631 00
Ground rents, well secured 19,520 00
Rents due and accrued , '205 73 i
Total assets $2,360,886 8.1
LIABILITIES. ~
Losses adjusted and unpaid $61,693 35
Losses In' process of Adjustment or
in Suspense ; . 03,903 73
Losses resisted, including expenses 23,066 08
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning-one year or less. $1,039,-
678 11; reinsurance 50 per cent^, 519,789 05
Gross premiums on Fire risks run-
ning more than one year, $875,-
C87 53; reinsurance pro rata 419,159 31
Amount reclaimable by the Insured
on perpetual fire Insurance poli-
cies 575,309 64
Commissions and Brokerage due
and to become due 30,351 50
Total Liabilities ..$1,724,173 26
INCOME. ~~
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums -$1,263,029 28
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 48.10S 54
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans, and *
from all other sources...- 36,664 37
Received for Rents. 8.SS7 84
Received from all other sources.. 28,650 68
Total Income $1,385,340 71
EXPENDITURES. ~ '
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(including $120,103 04, losses of
previous years)...... $1,018,183 W
Dividends to Stockholders 15,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission
or Brokerage 264,207 60
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.-. 44,100 00
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes 44,561 53
All other, payments and expendi-
tures - 163.307 07
Total expenditures $1,549,359 38
Fire. ~
Losses Incurred during the year.. $1,071,643 90
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the '- ':*;: .:¦•
year ; . : $156,775,529 $l,S36,040 19
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 153,180,261 1,701,209 71
Net amount In force • \
December 31. 1901.. 165.143.920 1.014.665 64
THOS. H. MONTGOMERY, Pres.
RICHARD MARIS. Sec.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 7th
day of February, 1902. • •
II. F. REARDON. Notary Public.
Pacific Coast Department.
EDWARD BROWN & SONS,
GENERAL AGENTS,
4II-4I3 CALIFORNIA STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO, CALi
CITY AGENTS t
C. A. HENRY & CO.,
215 Sansome Street. .
st-a.tem:e2stt
OF THE
CONDITION AMD AFFAIRS
OF THE
AGRICULTURAL
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF TVATERTOWX. I!C THE STATE OF
New York, on the 31st day of December.
A. D. 1901. and for the year ending on that
day. as made to the Insurance Commissioner
of the State of California, pursuant to the
jroviElons of sections CIO ar.d «11 of the Po-
litical Cede, condensed as per blank furnished
by the Commissioner:
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
Id Cash $500,000 00
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company... 337.400 00
Loars on Bonds and Mortgages.. 775,211 60
Caeb Market Value of all Stocks
ami Bor.fls owned by Company.. 724,665 C2
Amount of Loans secured by
pledge of Bonds. Stocks, and
Cther marketable securities as
collateral 239.244 IS
Carh in Company's Office 4.185 11
Cath in Banks "133.230 C9
Interest due and accrued on all
6tt>cks and Loans 11,854 €5
Irter^Et due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 27,975 86
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 119,381 08
X)ut from oth<*r Companies for re-
insurance on losses already paid. 2,930 66
Total Arsete $2,376,679 35
LIABILITIES.
Lcstes adjurted and unpaid $29,10196
LiOtces in process of Adjustment or
In Eu?r*nse 59,182 05
Lewes resisted, including expenses. 11,370 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risk* run-
ring one year or legs. J82G.803 00;
reir.surar.ee 50 per cer.t 413,401 BO
Gross premiums on File Risks run-
ring more than one year. $1,4(32.-
©79 00; reinsurance pro rata . 767,482 13
Total Liabilities $1,281,137 64
INCOME. ~~ ~
Net cafh actually received for
Fire premiums $1,087,631 17
Received for interest on Bonds and
J4ortsage3 : 44,424 89
Received for interest and dividends
en Bonds. Stocks, Loans and ,
from all other sources 44,433 25
Rf celved for Rents 4, 542 28
Received from all other eourcee... 9u 05
Total Income $1,181,975 64
EXPENDITURES.
Jfet amount peid for Fire Lessee
(including $S5,C20 56, losses of
previous years) $521. 6S1 57
Dividends to Stockholders 60,000.00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage ¦¦ 224,838 27
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, rlerks. etc.. 88.237 44
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes • 49,21166
All other payments and expendi-
tures 102.992 67
Total Expenditures 11.036.961 81
Fire."
Losses incurred during; the year.... $554,674 00
TMrkt- and Premiums. Flr« Risks. Premiums.
JCet amount of Risks
written during the
year $164,453,500 $1,653,972 00
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 153,510,000 1,540,215 00
Not amount In force
December 31. 1901.1 239,617.000 2.289,782 00
" "~ A. H. SAWYER. President
¦VV. H. STEVENS. Secretary.
Subscribed and eworn to before me this 19th
fiay of February. 1902.
L. B. COOKE. Notary Public.
Pacific Coast Department.
EDWARD BROWN & SONS
GENERAL AGENTS, -
411-13 CALIFORNIA STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO, CAlT
CITY~AGENT» \
GEORGE H. MURDOCH,
412 California Street. J
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
¦ OF THE
DELAWARE
INSURANCE COMPANY
(\r PHILADELPHIA, IN THE STATE OF
Pennsylvania, on the 31et day of Decem-
ber. A. D. 1901. and for the year ending on
that day, as made to the Insurance Commis-
sioner of the State of California, pursuant to
th« provisions of sections 610 and 611 of the
Political Code, condensed as per blank fur-
-nislted by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
In Cash $702,875 00
ASSETS. ~~
Real Estate owned by Company.. $200,500 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages.. 127,700 00
Ca6h Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company.. 055,713 01
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
Of Bonds. Stocks and. other mar-
ketable securities as collateral.. 60,000 00
Cash In Company's Office ... .. ' 490 14
Cash in Banks 68,515 75
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans ...v. 12,622 57
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 1,795 42
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 86.634 85
Agents' Balances 39,580 72
Rent due and accrued C08 34
Total Assets $1,544,160 80
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid . $700 00
Losses in process of Adjustment
or in Suspense 56,870 00
Losses resisted, including expenses 1,000 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks
running one year or less, $466,-
409 55; reinsurance 50 per cent.. 223,204 77
Gross premiums on Fire Risks
running more than one year
$730,312 00; reinsurance pro rata 374,727 45
Amount reclaimable by the insured
on perpetual Fire Insurance Pol-
icies •. 113,902 7«
Cash dividends remaining unpaid. 77 00
Total Liabilities $770,482 01
INCOME. ™
Net cash actually received for
Fire premiums $681,162 35
Deposit premiums on perpetual
risks » 10,190 92
Received for interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 6,297 50
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans and
from all other sources/ 41,072 35
Received- for Rents O.S20 00
Received from all other sources... 43.S22 29
Total Income $792,374 41
EXPENDITURES. ~
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(including $<2.422 89, losses of
previous years) $391,931 04
Dividends to Stockholders 21,086 25
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 170.700 07
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officer*, clerks, etc ' 62,575 46
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes 25,967 71
All other payments and expendi-
tures 67,493 16
Total Expenditures $733,814 29
Fire. •
Losses incurred during the year... $389,242 00
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Rleks
written during the
year $80,008,696 $890,980 11
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 86,470,435 ©39,480 80
Net amount In force
December 31. 1001.. 110.983.187 1.157,823 81
CHARLES H. TARNELL. President.
HENRY LYLBURN. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 23d
day of January. 1902. ••. ¦ •
RICHARD H. REILLY, Notary Public
Pacific Coast Department:
EDWARD BROWN & SONS
GE.NERAL AGENTS,
411-413 CALIFORNIA STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
CITY AGENTS:
ROBINSON & NippERT,
216 Sansome Street. ; :"
AMUSEJIEUTS.
Week Commenclns THIS AFTER-
NOON, June 1.
GINfiERY VAUDEVILLE
, First Time Here of
WAITER FLORENCE
LeROY and CLAYTON.
Presenting "HOG AN OF THE HAN-
SOM." by Geo. M. Cohan.
Character Singer and Dancer.
MranIwinTAKER7
Refined Musical Artists.
MURWandlLATEf
| Colored Singers and Dancers.
| "^STljARmRNESr^
! Monolosist and Slnzer.
I imA^CLADSTONET
Is In a Complete Change of Specialty.
IWutWpucksT
? America's Cleverest Juveniles.
nrHElioeRASr"
> Showing the Latest Novelties.
t Last Week: of \
PETER F. DAILEY,
Z America's Most Original Comedian.
S Assisted by His Excellent
I ? Comsany.
> Parquet, 25c, any seat; Balcony, 10c;
' Z Children, 10c. any part except reserved.
Ii > A few front Orchestra Rows reserved.
> 50c; front rows of Balcony reserved. 2
I I LOOK OUT FOR I
THE MOTOGIRL,
The Sensational Mystery of the Day. >
UNION COURSING PARK.
JNO. GRACE, Jodgi; JAS. F. GP.AC3, Elijjar.
TO-DAY,
SUNDAY - - - - JUNE I
Greatest Coursing Event
of the Year.
California Cenrsing
Committee Slake
$1500-=TOTAL PURSE==$1500
TRAIN SERVICE.
Leaves Third and Townsend streets, 10:15
a. m.. 11 a. m., 12 m. and 1 p. ra. Twenty-
fifth and Valencia streets five minutes later.
Returning at 4:45 p. m. and after the last
course. San Mateo electric cars every six
minutes. . . '
ADMISSION 25 CENTS. LADIES FREE.
c TO-NlGHT-Wi«SSar 3
UffiSS THURSDAY |jg*T
MR. JAMBS NEILL°
And the NEILL COMPANT.
Presenting Geo. H. Broadhursfa New Romas*
tic Comedy,
THE RED KNIGHT.
NEXT— The Successful »Comedy. . |
•*SOWING THE WIND."
SEATS THURSDAY.
THE CHUTES
Fulton Street and Tenth Avenue.
MODERN VAUDEVILTe EVEBY AFTER-
NOON ANDJVEMG.
DOOLEY AND FOWLEY: MLLE. LAUR.
ELLE: LUELLA MONTAGUE'S EDU-
CATED CATS: THE TWO LAMONTS;
DAVIS AND DE HEARDE; BACON AND
VANE AND NEW MOVING PICTURE3.
See the Grand Panorama from
the Mile Scenic Railway.
AMATEUR NIGHT THURSDAT.
Admission 10c Children. 0o
Phone for Seats — Park 23.
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
OPEN DAILY FROM T A. M. TO 11 P. M.
Bathinsr from 7 a. m. to 10:30 p. m.
ADMISSION. 10c. CHILDREN. 5c
Bathing. Including admission. 25c: Children 20c.
. Do 1 0pp Desirable location.
• i ultlvv unsurpassed cuisine,
¦ unequaled ser-
sSfi/l v ' ce ? nc * modern
UllU conveniences are the
if{i'}?-£l - attributes that have
Iirflfl/I made these two ho-
UlUllU tels popular with
nil tourists and travel-
finiPK ers who visit San
UUlWld Francisco. .
I - ""
D T> TT C U T7 C FOR barbers* bak-
UXlU OIlljO ers « bootblacks, bath-
*¦*" w "^ ~* houses, billiard tables,
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canners.
dyers, flourmllls, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoo factories,
stablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors. «tc-
bL'CHA^A.S BROS..
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramanta St
&^d£8SGh&* n Els G fa * non-po!sononJ
Jnpgar *»Unt5 White*, unnatural an-
£s»f lal u & diju \A charges, or anr in'Aaams-
§PE9 Qunatrad u "* tion. Irritation or nicer**
pk— 4 Prrreat soounioo. tioa of naeoui awB'
w(S«*KV. b 7 express, prepaid, for
Weekly Call > $1.00 per Year
AMUSEMENTS.
• EVERY EVENING AT 8 SHARP!
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 SHARP!
HOME OF AMERICA'S REPRESENTATIVE
COMIC OPERA COMPANY.
TO-NIGHT— LAST CHANCE TO HEAR
THE SINGiNG GIRL.
MONDAY. ' June 2.
Magnificent Production of the; Acme of
Operatic Excellence,
THE
A WEALTH OF NEW SONGS.
"HE OUGHT TO HAVE A TABLET IN THE
HALL OF FAME."
"PAST AND FUTURE."
"HOW I MAKE A 'DOLL."
"THE HEART OF THE SEA."
In Addition to the Other Famous Numbers.
NEW AND LAUGHABLE FIGURES IN THE
ANIMATED TOY SHOP.
SOUVENIR TOY MATINEE SATURDAY.
EVERY CHILD ATTENDING GETS A TOY.
This Great Entertainment at
POPULAR PRICES— 25c. 50c and 75c.
Telephone Bush 0.
"^ 4KTZ CWf ItAk*
Market Street, Near ElghtH. Phone South 533.
MATINEE TO-DAY.
PRICES— lCc. 15c, 25c.
TO-NIGHT— LASX TIME.
Hands Across
the Sea.
_______
TO-MORROW EVG— ALL NEXT WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Prodigious, Powerful and Picturesque Produc-
; tion of the Realistic and Sensational
. Dramatic Spectacle — "THE
OF
NEW YORK
A eoul-stlrrlng sensation A world of novel-
¦^ ties. ... ..Wholesome cqmedy Gorgeous
scenic splendor.
AMUSING AND UP-TO-DATE SPECIALTIES.
Including :
LITTLE REYNA BELASCO.
, The Marvelous Child Dancer.
FHICES SIMS^::::::::::::ii^^^
FlSCher's Theater.
AND IS -
> THE . NOT
END ..'- %!.- YET.
"FIDDLE DEE DEE"
Begins the NINTH WEEK TO-MORROW
(MONDAY) NIGHT.
T "*f n New Feature »- All the Great Artists.
Including the Funny KOLB. DILL. BER-
NARD and BLAKE. HERMSEN. Handsome
MAUDE AMBER. Clever FREDA GALLICK
Captivating HOPE & EMERSON, and the onlv
living chorus.
Night prloes, 25e and 50c. Matineea Satur-
day and Sunday, 25c. Children at matinees, 10c
." THEATRICAL EMPLOYES' BENEFIT
'¦¦ - • • ¦•¦ JUNE 5.
p.IIAU'SiiEINViGOHATORfi^SI
Stops all losses in 2i hours. Five a!li*2»?«aKl
hundred reward tor any case we j^* S3t£>
cannot cure. . This secret rem- Q ¦ W
edy cures Emissions, Impotency, fes bVJ|
Varlcocele, Gonorrhoea, Oleet 5KJSI SSSl
Strictures, • Drains, Lost Man- IL ij ' Wjj
hood and all other wasting t(- e«3 jSff*
fects of self-abuse or excesses Kfizis'ttS}
Sent sealed. $2 bottle; 3 bottles. $5: guaranteed
to cure any case. Call or address orders
HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE, 855 Bread-
way. Oakland. Cal. Also for sale at 10T3JJ
Market*.. S, F. Send r O r tr.. bock. *
AMUSEMENTS.
j NO PERFORMANCE TQ-NIGHT owing lo
. preparations tSr the production of "FRAN-
CILLON." Seats purchased can be returned.
Beginning J\J\ C\ INI I~>/\'V r
SECOND AND LAST WEEK.
KATItRYN KIDDER
And her first appearances on any stage In
Alexandre Dumas' Comedy Drama,
FRANOILLQ-N
• Adapted by L. Du Pont Syle.
i Management of GEORGE H. BRENNAN.
F\TR4 * B*ftinning Monday.
CHARLES FROHMAN ?r?sents
Henry Miller,
Margaret Anglin
i And A SPECIAL COMPANY, Including:
f WILLHM C00RTLEI6H MRS. THOMAS VfHIlTEH
CHARLES WALCOT Ml 8, CHAS. WALCOT
j L&WBSNCE D'ORSAT ETHEL H03NICK
i FRED THORN E .' JENNIE EU3TAC3
ARTHUR ELLIOTr OiACE ELLI3T0N
; CHARLES OOTTHOLD rORCTHT TENNANT
WALTER ALLEN JOSEPHINE WYNDHAM
iF.Y. BACKUS MAR1HA W.'LDRON
CTIS TURNER ' LILLIAN THUl BATE
J Appearing in A. \ft Plnero's Comedietta in
four acts,
4 'TRE LAWNY OF
THE WELLS."
SEAT SAI R begins^ ext
<OL./-% 1 S3t\l^l* THURSDAY
Ar.d in justice to everybody no orders by mail,
telegraph or otherwise can be considered in ad-
I vsnee of that date. . ¦ " ' . v
! PRICES $1 50. $l v 75c. 50c and 25c
i NOTE— MafiineasonWednesiayaudSa urday.
ilL't W EAT R
LAST TWO TIMES.
TO-DAY (SUNDAY),
MATINEE AND NIGHT,
BRIX i ON BURGLARY.
PROF. BOTHWELL BROWNE'S JUVENILS
RAGTIME FLORODORA SEXTET.
TCMPRROW— MONDAY NIGHT,
WM. H. CRANE'S COMEDY SUCCESS,
HIS
WI FE'S
FATHER
Enacted bv the Full Strength of Alcazar
* Theater Stock Company.
. MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
PRICFS- Evenings.:... 15c, 25c. 35c. 50c, 75c
miVLJ- Matinee ...15c, 25c, 35c. 50c
SPECIAL,
MONDAY NIGHT, JUNE, 9,
INAUGURATION OF. ANNUAL SEASON.
MISS FLORENCE ROBERTS'
Opening Play " ZAZA.'V
SALE OF BOXES AND SEATS opens Tues-
day morning, next for first two weeks.
l'ast matinee and night of
"THE LITTLEJVIINISTER."
Beginning TO-MORROW (MONDAY) EVEN-
"' » ING, . • •¦ ¦ ¦ . - •.-¦¦-.
Second Week of America's Magnetic Star,
MAIDE FEALY
In the Madison Square Theater Success,
"MY LADY DAINTY."
By Madeline Lucette Ryley.
First Time on Any Stage at
POPULAR PRICES .... 10c. 15c. 25c, 50c. 75o
Good . Orchestra ¦ Seats All Matinees. 23c. s
g5& CH 1CH ESTER'S ENGU8H
1?)?*'^ I>snccrp»« hul» B tUu«on« and IbjU*.
. I 7 m «<»¦». Buj if y«»r Oronrtit. or Mad 4e. in
— \-_A' *»raM«ll. 1 AiOUA TMtlnoaUtn. 8«l«bi
aBBOBBBBBIHBBDBBBBPBBBHBBBaBHBBBaBKBBSBBDBBBBH
I is ¦_ '{
1 I
I Taior-IHade Suits • Reduced Prices. 1
1 Silk Coats Reduced Prices, g
I Silk Etons. Reduced Prices. 1
i Jackets. Reduced Prices. |
i I Silk and Cloth Skirts- ¦ . ¦ Reduced Prices. |
I 1 Misses' and Child's Coats -.Reduced Prices. g
!H -An opportunity to purchase Newest Style Garments, Reliable Mate- H
! S rials and Well Made, at BARGAIN PRICES. . g
!¦¦¦:. COMMKMJxNG MONDAY, JUNE 2,9a.m. |
| 300 FASHIONABLE TAILOR SUITS, assorted styles, black and col- B
I a ored. Regular prices $20.00. $17.50 and $15.00, reduced to..JSlO.OO q
H $15.00 ALL-WOOL GRAY ETON SUITS, jacket satin lined/ velvet B
j & collar, skirt with graduated flounce, trimmed, 18 rows tailor stitch- g
1 g ing. Reduced to I • $7.5O |
m $3500 and $30.00 HIGH NOVELTY TAILOR SUITS, silk lined or with g
B Taffeta Silk Drop Skirt. Reduced to ...$-2O.OO g
H $6.00 BLACK VENETIAN ETON JACKET, rediked to $4.OO B
1 $7.50 BLACK VENETIAN BLOUSE, reduced to ....$5.00 g
B3 $15.00 MOIRE 34-BOX COATS, double cape, fancy trimmed, reduc£d_to B
g — ; j \ m oft g
B $12 so 45-inch LONG TAN COATS, double capes, trimmed, reduced to B
B — .;..;...... 95.OO D
I $15.00 and $12.50 FANCY TRIMMED TAFFETA SILK SKIRTS, re- g
B duced to $7.;>O n
H $20.00 FANCY TRIMMED GRENADINE SKIRTS, reduced to m
ES * $l£.5O ?
S $3.50 PIN STRIPED CLOTH SKIRTS, with flounce, reduced to S
I ¦¦¦¦-." $2.OO I
B $3.50 ALL-WOOL GRAY HOMESPUN SKIRTS, good lininsr. reduced Q
a to 92.00 a
§ $6.50 and $5.00 MISSES' and CHILD'S COATS, reduced to $2.5O ¦
H (Salesladies Wanted. Apply at 9 a. m.) a j
I 1230-1232-1234 MARKET STREET. §
El . ¦
flBHBHBBnBBBHBHBBHggBBgBnaBaggBBBBBaaBBBgaag3H
ADVERTISEMENTS.Chicago Grain Market.
..Despite the threatening weather, : Berries
moved off well under a steady' local demand.
All kinds, were well' cleaned'up except Goose
berries, which were in heavy supply and rather
dull.. -.'.,: ¦ . • ¦ ' i
Cherries- were in demand for . shipping and
local use and the. market cleaned Up as well
as could 'be expected, considering. the large re
ceipts. .. Some small boxes of Royal Anne came
in from Orovllle and sold for S5c@$l "and Some
small stock In bulk from the river brought 4c
per lb... •: ,. v : '...' ..'-. ¦y '
, -Green Apples appeared 'from .Vacavtlle . and
Deciduous . and. Citrus Fruits.
" WHEAT--The . markets ¦ everywhere, were
quiet and featureless. ¦ 'Liverpool futures were
firm.
Chicago was firm on steady cables, and the
bears were going slowly, as the market is near
the ¦ export basis. The letter* of Bolton,' De
Ruyter & Co. said: '
li'Market here very, quiet and easier. There
Wheat and Other Grains.
Exchange and Bullion.
... • . . . %
Sterling Exchange, 00 days..... — ¦ $4.85'/
Sterling Cables, sight — . 4 gg *
Sterling Cables ....:...... — 4 89
New YorK Exchange, sight,..,.' — jg
NVw York Exchange, telegraphic — 17U
Silver, per ounce..... .'.:.;..... — o {^
Mexican Dollar;.' nominal...;... — 451^
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— t July. Sept.
Opening 5 11% Q 1%
Closing 5 11% 6 l>i
PARIS.
Wheat — ¦ May. Sept.
Opening 2170 '• 20 45
Closing 2165 20 45
Flour. — *
Opening 26 C5 26 55
Closing 26 80 26 55
WASHINGTON. May 31.— To-day's »tate.
rner.t of the treasury balance In the general
fund, exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve
in the division cf redemption, shows; Avail,
able cash balance, $195,470,222; gold reserve
J96.8S0.20S.
Condition of the Treasury.
SATURDAY, MAY 31.
Flour, qr sks.. 8,900 Middlings sks. .. 1980
AVheat, ctls ... 3,570 Hay. tons ...... '^^
Barley, ctls 11,710 Straw, tona .... 16
Corn ctls • 1,905 Tallow, ctls ... -299
Cornmeal, ctls.. «04 Pelts, bdls . 105
Beans, sks .... 215 Hides, No 3S1
Rye, ctls ...... 100 Quicksilver, flks. 220
Potatoes, sks ¦•• 3,873! Leather.- rolls... 2S5
Onions, eks 1,7»« AVlne, gals 101,100
Bran, ska ....... 400|Lime, bbls ..... 455
Shorts, sks ..... fjOjSugar, ctla 2,611
Wool, bales ... S&l '
OREGON. , , > .
Flour, qr sks... 5,3221 Shorts, sks ....? 1,250
Potatoes, sks .. 3.2021 .
Receipts of Produce.
, SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per pound, in 100-lb
bags: Cubes, A, Crushed and Fine Crushed
4.50c; Powdered. 4.35c; : Candy Granulated.
i.S5c; Dry Granulated Fine, 4.1'5c; Dry Granu
lated Coarse, 4.25c; Fruit Granulated, 4.25c
Beet Granulated (100-lb bags /only), none'
Confectioners' A, 4.25c; Magnolia A 3.S3C-
Extra C, 3.75c: Golden C, 3.65c; "D," 355^
barrels, 10c more? • half-barrels, 25c more •
boxes. 60c\more; 50-lb bags, 10c more for ali
kinds. Dominos— Half-barrels, 4.75c; boxes
5c per lb. No order taken for less than 7o
barrels or its equivalent.
COAL OIL — Water White Coal Oil in bulk
13Ms@Hc; Pearl Oil, in cases, 2.0c; Astral 20c'
Star, 20c; Extra Star, 23e; Elaine, 25c; Eocene'
22c; deodorized stove Gasoline. . in bulk lGc'
in cases, 22^c; Benzine; in bulk 144c Mii
cases, 21c; 8U-degree Gasoline, in bulk "'Oo'- in
cases, 2G%c. ¦ ' ' 7
TURPENTINE— 60c per gallon in cases and
63c in drums and iron barrels. ¦ ¦ • •
OIL — California Castor Oil, in cases
No. 1, '70c; pure, $1 20; Linseed Oil!
in barrel?, boiled, 75c; raw, 73c; cases, 6c more;
Lucol, £Sc for boiled and 660 for raw, in' bar
rels; Lard Oil, extra winter ptrained,' barrels,
$1; cases. $1 05; China Nut, 57>4@6Sc per gal
lon; pure Neatsfobt, in. barrels, 70c; cases 75c
fcperai, pure. «5c; AA'hale Oil, natural white'
40©50c per gallon: Fish Oil, barrels 42&c :
casee, 47%c; Cocoanut Oil. barrels, 63Wc for
Ceylon and 5S^c for Australian
COAL — AVelllngton. $9 per ton; Southflelrt
Wellington, $0: Seattle. $0 50; Bryant. $6 50;
RoMyn. $7; Coos Bay. $5 CO: Greta. $5 ; Walls
end. ?S ?0: Co-operative AVallsend, $S 50; Cum
berland, $12 in bulk and $13 25 in sacks; Penn
sylvania Anthracite Egg, ; AVelsh Anthra
cite, $14;'Cannel. $11 per ton; Coke, $15 per
ten ir. bulk and $17 in sacks;. Rocky Moun
tain descriptions, $8 45 per 2000 lbs and $8 50
per .ton. according to brand.
BAGS — Grain Bag*, June and July, 5%@6c;
San Quenttn. 5.55c; AVool. Bags, 32@35c; Fleece
Twine, 7}i@Sc.
General Merchandise.
LONDON, May 31. — Consols, 97 3-16@97 710;
silver, 23 13-16d; French rentes, 101f 50c; v;heat
cargoes on passage, very irfa,etive: English
country markets, quiet; Indian shipments of
wheat to United Kingdom. 77,000. •
HOPS— Pacific Coast, firm. £4 15s@>£5.
LIVERPOOL, May 31.— Wheat, quiet; No. 1
standard California, Cs 4Vid@(Ss' 6d; wheat In
Peris, steady; our In Paris,' steady: '. French
country markets, dull; weather In England, un
settled. - .
COTTON— Uplands, 5 5-32d. . . . • ¦ •
Foreign Markets.
TACOMA. May 31:— Wheat— Steady; Blue
stem. 66^c; Club, 65%c. '
AA'ASHINGTON.
PORTLAND. May 31.— AA'heat— Walla, AVal
la, 66c; Bluestem. (57c.-
OREGON,
Northern Wheat Market.
NEW YORK. May 31.— Porter Brothers sold
California fruit to-day: Tartarlans, $4 '50; ex
press shipments. $2 62^.
BOSTON, May 31.— The Earl Fruit Company
realized the following prices for California
cherries sold at auction to-day: B. Tartariana
$2 7.1(93. average *2 90.
NEAV YORK. May 31.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany auctioned California express shipment of
cherries to-day and the following prices were
realized: B. Tartarian*, boxes, $1 37@3 6."i
average $3 JO; Royal Annes, $3 50(g7, average
§:! 75. AVeather dry and favorable.
California Fruit Sales.
NEAV YORK. May 31.— Exports of specie
from the port of New York for tha week end-
Ing to-day were $71t>3 gold and $593,915 silver.
Imports of specie for the week were $15,107
gold and ?18,541 silver. The imports of dry
goods and general merchandise at the port of
New York for the week were f 9, 154,978.
Exports and Imports.
HOGS — Live Hogs, 200 lbs and under GK C 
200 lbs and over. «0!OM,c: ret ders, o'a-jSc'
sows 20 per cent off, bears 50 per aat eff
and stags 40 per cent off from the abo/e auo
tations. • .
San Francisco Meat Market.
Supplies of all descriptions are ample for the
demand and the feeling is easy all around. No
change in quotations.
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slauchterers to deal
ers are as follows:
] BEEF— U%@7Vic for Steers and 6@6}4c per
lb for Cows.
VEAL— Large, 7@Sc; small, S@9c per lb.
; MUTTON— AVethers. 7H©SV6c; Ewes. 7^®
8c rer lb.
LAMB— Spring Lambs, 9@10c ner lb.
PORK— Dressed Hogs. 7%®9^c per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for good sound
livestock delivered at San Francisco, less 50
per cent shrinkage for cattle:
CATTLE— Steers. SV4@9c: Cows and Heifers.
i@ 1 lie; thin Cows. 4<&0c per lb. .
CALVES-^B@5Vic per lb (gross weight). "
SHEEP— AVethers, 4@4VSc; Ewes, 3@3%c per
lb (gross welrht). ¦ • ' .
LAMBS— Suckling Lamba, I $2 50@2 75 ner
head or 4%rffDo per lb live weight; yearling
4Jj4Vic per lb. . -
- _ Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
AH descriptions remain as previously quoted.
Butter Is quoted w pak b y everybody, and most
of the receipts are either stored pr packed, re
ceivers being unable to sell more than 25 per
cent of the daily arrivals: The general opinion
is that lower prices must result^ .
Cheese continues in large stock and weak.
Supplies of Eggs are liberal, but dealers
eeem to be taking care of them, as they quote
the market steady. The situation at the; mo
ment Is featureless.
Receipts were 114,900 : pounds, 03 - kegs and
713 cubes of Butter, 2019 cases of Eggs, 19.S0O
pounds of California Cheese and 2500 pounds
of Oregon Cheese." - .¦_.¦ ¦„'•¦-¦''' " . . .
BUTTER — Creamery, 21p21%c per pound. for
fancy, 20@20",4c for firsts and-19W@20c for sec
onds: dairy. l<5@20c; store Butter, 14@l(jc per
pound." ¦¦' . ¦ ¦\>v*«.
- CHEESE— New. S%@9J4c: old; 9@llc; Young.
America, 8@10c; Eastern, 13@15c per pound.
EGGS— Ranch. 19@20c for fancy and ie@18c
for fair to good; store, 15@16^c per dozen. 1
The end of. the week found the Poultry mar
ket In fair shape with alt good stock | well
cleaned up. The receipts during the week
were light and there was only' one car of East
ern put dn the market, which accounts for the
firm feellmr.
There was very little Game received. Rab
bits sold-ott well at unchanged prices, but
there was little demand for Hare and prices
were lower. «„!..
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 13@14c for > Gob
blers and 13® 14c for' Hens; Geese, per pair,
$125@15O; Goslings, $1@1 50; Ducks, $3 5U
«;4 for old and $i 50@6 for '-young; Hens, $4@
E?50; young- Kooeters; • $8'C0@8; old Roosters,
§4 25@4 50; Fryers, $4@5; Broilers, $3@3 50 for
large and $175@2 25 (or small; Pigeons, $175
per dozen for old and $1 25@1 50 for Squabs.
GAME! — Hare, 75c@?l : Rabbits, $1 50 for
Cottontails and $1 for Brush.
Poultry and Game.
Prices of Asparagus and Rhubarb were well
sustained as receipts were not heavy, but near
ly all other descriptions were weaker under lib
eral supplies. String and AVax / Beans were in
excessive supply and large quantities were left
en hand at the close of business. .
¦ Green Corn came in from AVinters and sold
at $1 per dozen, one crate of two dozen bejng
received. , „
Summer Squash in large boxes from "Bay
Farm Island sold for ?3 per pox.
POTATOES — New Potatoes, Jfl 25@1 50 • in
sacks and $1(3 1 05 in boxes; old, 90c@$l for
Hurbanks frcm the river: from Oregon and
AVashington, $1 25<gl 50: River Reds. $1 25;
Oregon Burbanks, for seed, 90ciij$l 10.
ONIONS — Australian, $3 25@:{ 50; second
hands; new red. 40@50c per sack; Silve.rskins,
40© 50c ptc box. .
VEGETABLES — Asparagus, extra fancy,
$2 25512 50 per box, $1 50(g2 for No. 1 and 75c
@$1 40 for No. 2; Rhubar^i, 50@75c per box;
extra fancy, »0c@$l 25; Green Peas, 40@75c per
sack; Garden Peas, $1@1 25 per sack; String
Beans, 2<g:?c per lb and 2<g'3c for AVax; Cab
bage. 90c®$l per ctl; Los Angeles Tomatoes,
per crate; Mexican Tomatoes, $2@2 50 per
box; Dried Peppers, 10@ilc pe# lb; Los. An
geles do, 13@l"M!c: Carrots, $1 per sack; Cu
cumbers from Marysville, ?ljjfl 50 per box;
from Arizona, $1 25©1 75. per box; Hothouse do,
25@7Dc per dozen; Garlic. 2H3'/jc tor new; Los
Angeles Green Peppers, 12»£e; Mexican do, 15(5"
20c; Egg Plant, trom Los Angeles, 7@10c;
Summer. Squash, from Los Angeles, $l@l 25;
from Maryeville. $1@1 25; Marrowfat Squash,
$15@20 per ton; Hubbard Squash, $15S20.
Old. and new crop Potatoes we're dull and
receipts of both were heavy. New had a sharp
decline and only strictly fancy stock brought
the I top quotations.
Onions contfnued easy under large supplies,
but prices were unchanged.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
NEW YORK, May 31- — The statement of the
Associated Bank* for five day6 and for th«
veek ending to-day chows:
Loans, $iS5,592,600; Increase. $15,109,300.
Deposits. $945,326,400; Increase, $1C075.400.
Circulation, f 31.245.300; increase. $74,500.
Legal tenders, 176,474,000; increase. $1,157,-
SOO.
Specie, f:72.53«,C00: Increase. $613,fiC0.
Reserve. *249,010.«00; increase. $1,771,400.
Rvserve required, $237,0i*l.tiO0; Increase.
t4.143.S50. . • .
, burp'ut, ?11 ,929.000; decrease. $2,307,245.
I Th« Ntw York Financier this week *ay*: The
r rfRcitl EtnUimect 01 the New Vork Anaociated
I Uir.kE last week ehowed a gain of $1,771,400 in
c*th. or Sl.i2ij,2ou lets than the amount which
wa* cstima-ted from the traceable movements
ofc money durir.s the week. This discrepancy
can be readily accounted for. The e«tjmate
wa* bated on the returns collected for the five
days from Friday of the previous week to
Wednesday of last week, both day* Inclusive,
while the official statement embraced the cash
movements frcm Friday of the previous week
to Thursday ot last w.^ek. both days inclusive':
the official return thus covering one day later
than tbm eetlmatPd movement, though includ
ing Friday last, which was a holiday. More
over, there was a. ehipajent of $1,000,000 gold
16 Canada on Thursday, making $2,000,000 for
the week and probably other Important
changes In the bank cash occurred on the day.
The official statement of May 24 showed
about $2,000,000 less cash than that estimated
lor that week; this diSTerence was doubtless
<5ue to the a\ # erage system. The loans of the
brinks were increased ?15,109,300, probably
largely reflecting syndicate operations. Ther*
were no indications of transfers of sterling '
borrowings to Europe and therefore the In
crease of the loans must. It would 'seem, be j
due to demeetic contract* and probably *Uo I
to preparations fcr June payments of divl- i
df-nds. The deposits were Increased $16,5*5,- j
4<mj or only $305,.*iC>0 less than was called for
by the total of the Increase of loans and of
cub; the difference is so slight, however, as
not to be important. The required reserve was I
inT«;aFr-<l 5T».I43.8."iO. Deducting these from the
fl. 771, 400 gain in cart leave* $2,372,450 de-
Jn surplus reserve, making thin item
•'1.029,000; a.t the correfpondins? • date last
Vt»r It was S21.253.050. The daily average of
bank clearings for the week of Jive day* was
C313, 000.000 lower than In the previous week
ot elx days, reflecting to some extent the small
bUEinees on ths Stock Exchange Eleven
banks show by comparieon Tilth the previous
week a act sain of $14,000,000 in loans. Two
Associated Banks' Statement,
San Francisco end vicinity — Cloudy, unsettle}
weather Sunday; po*e:bly shower*; continued
cool \reather; brifk southwest wind*.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Fort-cast Official.
Nevada — Cloudy, unsettled weather Sunday;
probably showers; continued cold weather; high
southerly winds.
Southern California — Cloudy, unsettled
wt-athfr Sunday; possibly shcr-vcre; brisk south,
west wind.
Northern California — Cloudy, unsettled
weather Sunday with fhower-.-; continued cool
¦weather: brisk southerly winds.
Ther? has been a marked fa!! In temperature
over California and Nevada. In the foothills
end in the Sierra" unsea6on*bly cold weather
prevails, the temperatures being nearly CO de
grees below the normal.
High southerly winds prevail in Nevada and
Utah.
Forecast made at San Fr-'incisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight. Jun» 1. 1902:
WEATHER CONDITION'S AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The rreEEure has fallen rapidly over th«
ccast north of Eureka an'i inland to the Ro^ky
Mountains. A marked <i»;>rrsslon has passed
rapidly prer Northern California end now over
lies Nevada an-J Utah.
P^ain has. fallen over California north of the
Tthiohapj. At Eureka ther» has been over an
lr.ch of rain. The seasonal rainfalls to date
art- as follow* t Eureka. 01.62 inches; Red
Bluff. 31. To: Sacramento. 17.93: San Fran-
LONDON, May 31. — The third series of wool
auction sales closed to-day. A representative
catalogue, consisting of *224 bales, was offered.
There was a fair attendance. Competition ftr
fine grades was gcod, and prices generally were
steady.
Americans bought good greasy clothing. The
total withdrawals amounted to G500 bales.
AA'hen the series opened Merinos advanced 7 '4
per cent and crossbred* 10 per cent. Msrinop
further improved and closed 10 per cent above
the March prices.
During the .series 244,000 bales were cata
logued, of which 215,000 were sold and' IS. COO
held over. The Continent purchased 107,000
bales. '
London Wool Sales.
ST. JOSEPH. May 31.— CATTLE— Receipts.
400: steadv: cows and heifers, $2 25@« 40
v<iais, $3 50<gt3 50; stockers and feeders, $2 50
©5.40. ~ " •
HOGS— Receipts, 5C00; light and light mixed,
$C<fl7 25: rnPdium and heavy, $7 05®7 42 1 /-;
pips. $3 75(^6.
SHEEP— Receipts, 250; steady.
ST. JOSEPH
The market continues inactive -at previous
prices.
IJEANS — Bayos, $3@3 10: small White. $2 40
g2 50; large AVhite. $2 2C@2 30; Pea. $3 25©
3 50; Pink. S2@2 15; Red. $2 50; Blackeye,
$4 90@5; Limas. $3 65@3 75; Red Kidneys.
$3 50<33 75 per ctl.
SEEDS— Trieste Mustard. $2 50@2 65. ~~ellow
Mustard $3 25@3 50; Flax. $2 2C<t}2 50; Cana
ry iiVic'for Eastern: Alfalfa from Utah, 10^0
llUc; California. 1C@10Mic; Rape, l%@2^c;
Hemp 3V&c per lb.
DRIED ' PEAS— Niles, $1 75@2; Green, $1 45®
1 65: Blackeye, $1 75@2.
Beans' and Seeds.
THE COAST RECORD.
Everything under this head remains as be
fore Quoted. The London Wool sales went off
well, the biding being briek and the feeling
firm.
HIDES AND SKINS — Culls and brands sell
about l^c under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, lie; medium, 10c; light, 9c; Cow Hides
9VjC for heavy and 9c for light; Stags. 7c:
Salted Kip, Uc; Salted Veal. 9>^c; Salted Calf,
luc; Dry Hides, 15@16$2c; Culls, 14@i5c- Dry
Kip, llQiac; Dry Calf, lti@18c; Culls and
Brands, 15@16c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 20®
30c each; short AVool, 40©B0c each; medium,
Ii5@75c; lone. AVool. SOc«i$l 20- each; Horse
Hides, salt, S3 for large and $2 50 for me
dium. Si 50®2 for small and 50c for Colts-
Horsu Hides, dry, $1 75 for large, $1 50 for
medium. $1&£1 25 for small and 50c for Colts
Buck Skins— Dry Mexican, 32^c; dry salted
Mexican, 25c: dry Central American, iS-ftc.
Goat Skins — Prime Ancoras, 75c; large and
smooth, 50c: medium. ¦ 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 5H@6c per lb-
No. 2, 4W@5c; grease, 2%@3%c.
AVOOL — Spring, Humboldt and Mendoclno,
15@17c; Northern free, 14@16c; do, defective,
13&14c; Middle 1 County free, 13@15c; do, de
fective, 12@13c: Southern, 12 months, «@10c;
do, 7 months, 9®llc; Foothill, Il@i3c: Neva
da, 12@15c: Valley Oregon fine, 15(S16c; do.
medium and coarse, 14@15c per lp.
HOPS — 12c for fair and llMQUb per lb for
sood to choice.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Bran and Middlings continue firm. Rolled
Barley is weak, in sjmpathy with the raw
grain. Hay is also weak. For volunteer new
wild oat ?7 50 continues the bid, and $10 can
be obtained for new wheat, a car having sold
at this figure.
BRAN— $18 50(S'19 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $21(324 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, S21S22 per
ton- Oilcake Meal at the Mill, $25@2C; job
bing $2« 50(927: Cocoanut Cake. $20@2l: Corn
Meai $.°.l@32: Cracked Corn, $31 50<p32 50;
Mixed Feed. $10® 17: Cottonseed Meal, $20 50.
HAY— Extra fine Wheat. $12: fair to choice
do $9 50®ll 50: Wheat and Oat. $9@11 50;
Oa't 5S<S10 50: Alfalfa.' $7*rll ; Clover, $7@9;
Volunteer. $0 5C@S 50: Stock, $6@8 per ton.
STRAW— 40@t!5c per bale.
Hay and Feedstuff s
SAX FRANCISCO. May 31—5 p. m.
Th« following are '.h; maximum temperatures
reported from stations in California to-day:
Kureka. 52; Fr<=*no. 7S: Mount Tamalpais, 4fl;
T.t-'l Bluff. 5ii; Indeprndenci. S2: Lo* Angeles.
<s; f-acranicnto. t>0; Sar. Luis Obispo. 64,-^San
l'>Ko. «4.
?an Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
r.T; minimum. 61; nitan. 54.
n.2.ith Meridian— Pacific Time.)
Weather Report,
" 7he coinage at the local brunch Mint during
(!m month of May was as follows: Double
*£g!es, $4,260,000; half-dollars. $226,000. raak
iBg a total of $4.4$li.OOO. against $9.5.'{5.000 for
May, 1901. FV>r the first eleven months of th<*
i'scal yf-ar commencing July 1 the coinage
:¦ mounts to $62,007,681. against $73,253,920 dur
ir.g the same period in iaCQ-01.
Mint. Coinage.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade; Graham
Flour, $.". per 100 lbs: Rye, Flour. $3: Rye Meal,
$2 75: Rice Flour. $7: Corn Meal, $3 25; extra
cream do $4: Oat Groats. $5 25; Hominy. $itp
4 25; Buckwheat Flour. ?4 50<g>4 75; Cracked
Wheat $3 50; Farina. $4 50; Whole Wheat
Flour '$3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels). $7 35Q9; in
sacks $6 S5@S £0: Pearl Barley. $5 50; Split
Peas $5 50; Green Peas, $6 50 per 100 lbs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras. $3 50@
S 75. usual terms; Bakers' Extras. $3 40®'} 50:
Oregon. ?2 75#3 25 per barrel for family and
?3#3 50 for Bakers';. Washington Bakers', $3®
3 50.
Flour and Millstuffs.
COTTOLENE — One half-barrel, 10%c; three
half-barrels, 10%c; .one tierce, 10%c; two
tierces, IOMjc; five tierces, 10%c per lb.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 13c per lb fcr
heavy. '13'^c for light medium. 14%c for light.
15%c for extra light and 16@17c for sugar
cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams, H^c; Cali
fornia Hams, 13-y,@14c; Mess Beef, ~$10 per
bbl; extra Mess. $10 50@ll; Family, $1150©
12; prime Mess Pork, $15@15 50; extra clear
$23; Mess, $18 50@19: Dry Salt Pork, 1214c*
Pig Pork, -$25; v igs* Feet, $4 75; Smoked Beef
iaV'@14c per .lb.
LARD — Tierces -»uoted at 8J4@S?ic per lb
for compound and l*>4c for pure; half-barrels
pure. 12 : iic: 10-lb tlnsT 13%c; 5-lb tins, 13%c :
3-lb tins. 131.4c " '
This market is very' quiet at previous prices.
"The market is dull and" unchanged. Receipts
of hogs 1S.000, against 60,000 last year. ..The
strike at the yards is the feature of interest,'
and pending the uncertainty In regard to re
sults the market is very dull. Packers are ap
parently supporting prices."
Chicago continues s_trong? with light offerings
and brokers buying, but trade Is dull and the
packers are evidently supporting the market.
The rtrike is keeping things very unsettled.
The letter of Bolton, De Ruyter & Co, says:
Provisions.
Con for money. 97 3-lfl|N Y Central ....160%
Con for account.97 7-16, Norfolk & Wett.. 59}J
Anaconda .... 5% | Do. pfd 92
Atchison Sift Ontario & West.. 34U
Do pfd mi Pennsylvania 76V«
Bait & Ohio lCg&jReadingV.. .. :{¦>!?
Canadian Pacific. 143 Vi Do 1st pfd... 42%
Che« & Ohio .... tSW Do 2d pfd 35<2
Chicago G W ... 30% Southern Ry .... 3SU
Chi Mil & St P.. 175i£: Do pfd ...... 0714
Denver & R G 4rt% Southern Pacific. . M>+Z
Do pfd 93 m Union Pacific 108 Vi
Erie ... tvmi Do pfd 00%
Do 1st pfd .... 76% U S Steel 41$
Do 2d pfd 54 Do pfd {ffV.
Illinois Central ..158 iWabash ... -Kit
Louis & Nash ...1424 Do pfd ...."" 451!
M K & Texas ... 27'4 Spanish 4s ... rsv
Do PM 60 ¦ 8 *
Bar silver, steady. 23 1-lCd per ounce
Money. 2>4@2% per cent. The rate of discount
in the open market for short bills is 25i®2"i
per cent. The rate of discount in the open
market for three months' bills is 2%^2 13-16
;*r cent. > .
London Market..
NEW YORK. May 31.— The following table,
compiled by Bradetreet's shows the bank clear
ings at the Drincipal cities for the week ended
May 30, with the percentage of Increase and
decrease as compared, with the corresponding
week last year:
Percentace*.
Cities — Amount. Inc. Dec.
New York $l,2t«.834,737 20.4
Chicago 153,001.405 L'4.9 ....
Boston 121.1S2.7U1 17. R
Philadelphia 114,7t*..J52 41.4 ....
St. Louis 47.253,439 JfS.tf
Pitfsburg 44.2yy.233 U».O
Baltimore 23.615.011 2(5. S
San Francisco 23,eoi.:«2 28.7 ....
Cincinnati 19.442,000 20.8 ....
Kansas City 17.17S.151 21.4 ....
Cleveland 13.S00,ST« 40.8 ....
Minneapolis 10.1^4.^57 .... ....
New Orleans 11.447.758 18.0
Detroit S.554,007 22.8
Louisville b.70ti.<531 19.6 ....
Indianapolis 8.322.070 57.4 ....
Providence «5.350,7O0 US. I ....
Omaha 0.»0tt.373 33.1 ....
Milwaukee 6.010,524 l».l
Buffalo 5,241,620 0.5
St. Paul 4.954.741 02. 0
St. Joseph 4.250. 4'Jti 2.5
Penver 3,79«,(J77 20.7
Richmond 3,775,215 40.4
Savannah 2,S48,l3tf .... 0.1
Salt Lake City... 2.833.467 41.8
Albany 3.713.C94 45.4
Los Angeles 4,7:«.«13 12C.3 ....
Memphis 3.015.(ii0 14.5 ....
Fort Worth 2,311.304 14.5
Seattle 2.970.S02 42.1
Washington 3,307.071 50.7
Hartford 2,201, S85 2S.3
Peoria 2.288.7U8 25. « ....
Toledo 2.275,84tJ 3i.4 ....
Portland, Or 2.3.18,8.17 53.4
Rochester 2,50ti,533 17.8 ....
Atlanta l,yio,812 27.2 ....
Des aioines 2.043,315 47.4 ....
New Haven 1.470,S8'J 2B.9
Worcester 1,370,681 13.3 ....
Nashville l t C24.ia7 40.0
Springfield. Mass.. 1.391.843 2.1
Norfolk 1.215,500 .... . 2.U
Grand Itapidn.... L072.343 0.9 ....
Scranton 1,410,738 2t>.9
.Portland, Me I,ia7.32« 2S.0
Sioux City 1.341.3S2 4S.5
Augusta S27.907 5.3
Syracuse L075.237 70.0 ....
Dayton. Ohio 1,365,530 C2.7 ....
Tacoma 1.37tj.251 2S.3 ....
Spokane 1,619,928 S:«.<J ....
Tcpeka 1.U21, tig I 5«.« ....
Davenport 739.81« 8.5 ....
Wilmington, Del.. 1,000,041 51.2 ....
Evansville 1,250,993 SCO ....
Birmingham 1,2:15,781 52.2. ....
Fall River 705.94;; 44.9 ....
Maccn 527,000 10.8 ....
Little Rock tl$9,31S 4S.8 ....
Helena 4oy,3l«.» 3.3 ....
Knoxvllle 717.950 40.8 ....
Lowell 424,590
Akron 645,700 3S.4
Wichita 484.898 1.4
Springfield. III.... 50S.514 38.2 ....
l^.vmgton 42'J,082 29.6 ....
New Bedford 413.475 01.3 ....
Chattanooga '. 524.D51 48.7 ....
Youngetown 5S1.705 50.4 ....
Kalamazoo 4S8.BS2 C4.4
Kargo ¦ 233.2S6 33.4
Blnphamton 304,800 9.7 ....
Rockford 404.638 35.1
Canton. 44C..300 73.5
Jacksonville, Fla. 343,925 .... 4.1
Springfield, Ohio.. 832.032 30.5
Chetter 341.240 64.7 ....
Quinry 322,028
Bloomington 292.732 49.7
Sioux FaJls 216.52S 30.1 ....
Jacksonville. 111.. 1S5.051 71.9 ....
Fremont 195,474 30.2 ....
"Houston 10,571. 123 43.7
•Galveston 0,040,000 10.7
•Columbus, Ohio.. 0,9t;9,500 34.9
Wheeling 643,152 $.7
fWilkwbarre ..... S12.415 ....
Decatur .'... 261.030 .... ....
Decatur (last wk.) 220.5C7 .... ....
Totals, U. S....$2,OO7.49<5.1B0 23.2
Outside N. Y . 743,601,423
CANADA.
Montreal $22,527,703 51.5 ¦:•."..
Toronto 14,729,390 54.7
Winnipeg 2.74.J,S5(5 80.2 ...
Halifax 1,325,282 .... 11 fl
Vancouver. B. C. 758.111 .... 10
Hamilton 592.061 5 0
St. John, N. B... .698,954 13.4 .
Victoria, B. C 407,594 .. 1.3 7
tQuebec 1,252,390 2*1
Ottawa 1,537,701
Totale, Canada. $45,030,241 G
•Not included In totals because containing
other items than clearings.
tNot included in totals because cf no com
parison for last year. '
The receipts of duties on imports at the
Curtom-houf<? during the month of May were
{'"•43.122. making the total receipts since Jan-
Lary 1 S3.174.01S.
' Customs Duties.
lxval bank clearings last week were $22,-
IM.354. against $20,197,210 for the correspond-
Inx ¦n-eek last year. For May they were 8112.-
TK5.G16. against $l«n.051.7SS for May. l«01.
For the first five months of the year they were
SS33.<86.£CV. against 5W1.712.D01 for the same
V«-k«d in 1901.
Bank Clearings.
Produce Exchange call board sales in May
vfre 73,600 tonr- wheat and 35.300 tons barley,
tr.aklng total talcs for the crop year to date of
710.400 tons wheat and 173.200 tons barley.
Produce Exchange Sales.
Business yesterday was llfrht all over the
country. There were no financial quotations
from N;w York, as the exchanges there were
( lo.-cd. and the San Fiancisco Stock Exchanges
also remained closed, while th*-re was a partial
tus-pc-nsion of trade in the wholesale districts.
Light Markets Yesterday.
of these banks jralned a little more than $4,
000,000 each, while only one showed a loss of
over $1,000,000.
were offering at 50@60c per box. Cherry
Plums from the same place brought 50c per
drawer. -...;. * ' .. !
There is steady inquiry for fancy Oranges,
but there are few available. As Friday was
a holiday there was no auction, but four, cars
will probably be offered to-morrow.
Lemons and Limes were unchanged. The
Panama steamer brought 4(J9 boxes of. the lat
ter. . y
.STRAWBERRIES— $6@9 per chest for Lortg
worths and $3@5 50 for Mallndas; crates from
Florin, 50c@$l. ¦ •"-- •¦
RASPBERRIES— 50@60c per drawer; crates
from Loomis, 85c@$l. ¦
LOGANBERRIES — 50c per drawer; crates
from Wallace. $1 50.
BLACKBERRIES— In crates from Loomis,
GOOSEBERRIES— 20c to 25c per drawer and
iy.@2e in bulk; English. per drawer and
in bulk. •
CURRANTS— 40@60c per drawer.
APRICOTS— $1 25@2 per crate; from Yuma,
?2 CO per crate.
APPLES— $2 50@3 per box.
CHERRIES — White, 25@40c per box; in bulk,
2@4c;,BIack, 35@65c per box and 3@6c in bulk.
FIGS — Black, from Yuma, $3 50 per box.
CITRUS FRUITS — Navel Oranges, $2@3 75
according to size and quality; Seedlings. $1 50
@2 25; Mediterranean Sweets, Jl 25@2 50: St.
Michaels, $1 5C@2; Valencias, $2 50@3 50;
Malta Blood Oranges, $1 50@2; Tangerines, " In
quarter boxes, , and — • — in • half
boxes; Lemons, 75c(3$l for common and $1 25@
1 75 for good to choice and $2@2 75 for fancy;
Grape Fruit, 75c@$2; Mexican Limes, $4@4 50;
Bananas, $2 25@3 per. bunch for New Orleans
and §1 50@2 25 for Hawaiian; Pineapples, 53® i
per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and. Raisins.
•The market is still featureless, and will
probably continue so until the new crop comes
in, •as there is nothing here to work on.- '
FRUITS— ApricctB, 9@10c for Royals and 10
@13o for standard: to fancy Moorparks; Evapo
rated Apples, 10@114c; sun . dried. 6@7c;
Peaches, dli<3,SV*c; Pears. C@9c; Plums, pitted;
5@6V>c: uripitted, l'/i#24c; Nectraines, 54@6c
for red and 54@6c for white; figs, 3iA@4y>c
for black and 54@6c for white.
PRUNEt; — 1901 crop are quoted as follows:
30-40S, 6>A®6%c: 40-5CE. 5<S5'/4c; 50-tJOs, 44®
4%c; 00-70s. 4@4^c; 70-SOs, 34@3=4c; S0-90s.
3@3%c: 90-lOOs, 24@2%c per lb.
RAISINS — Seeded, 3-crown, 8c; 2-crown,
7%c; Loose Muscatels, C^ic for 4-crown and
5Vic for seedless; 3-crown. tic; 2-crown, 5%c;
Seedless Sultanas, 54c for unbleached and 7®
8y.c for bleached. Clusters — Imperials, $3;
Dehesa, $2 50; Fancy, $1 50; London Layers,
$1 25@1 35. . ,
NUTS — Walnuts, No. 1 softshell, ll@lliic;
No; 2, 6@7c; No. 1 hardshell, 10@104c; Noj2,
7c; Almonds, 104@12c for papershell, 9@I0c
for softshell and (j@7c for hardshell ; Peanuts.
5@7c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts, 12@124c: Fil
berts. 12@124c; Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts,
$3 50@5.
HONEY — Comb, ll@12c for bright and 9@tlc
for light amber; water white extracted, 5@
54c: light amber extracted, 4@4i,£c; dark, 4c.
BEESWAX— 274 @20c Per lb.
Local bank clearings continue to lead last year.
Local stock boards not in session. •
No New York markets yesterday.
Silver and Exchange nominal at previous prices.
IV heat dull and unchanged everywhere.
Marked decline in Barley in this market.
Oats still firmly held. Corn and Rye dull.
Hay weak. Bran and Middlings firm.
No activity in Beans or Seeds.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs in good supply and unchanged.
Dried Fruits inactive and featureless.
Hides, Wool and Hops as before quoted.
Live and dressed Meats in good supply and easy.
Potatoes and Onions in heavy receipt and zvcak.
Poultry market firm and well cleaned up.
Fresh Fruits in good Saturday demand and firm.
time fairly held its own. The openlns influ
ences were or a strengthening iviiuie and
Prices maile sunw fair auvanoes. Caotes were
urm and Argentine s>nipmenis saoweu a marK
euiy uuilisn uecrease ot zm,<jw busneis. cura
pared to l.lUO.UOO uushe»s a year ut,o. ;Tne |
prospects are tuat Jdynuay's worm's bmpmems
wiu^be small. July wueat started a shade up
&t • t^^Ut-VsC ana sold at 'rz^^TJi^c. Tu«
buying niat resulted oa tlus urnu»eo6 boon gave
way, however, to a dull, scalping maritet ant/
a gradual decline ensued, crop prospects and
weatner, were tavorabie. Aavices irora the
Southwest, however, told ot too much raau.
As corn broke there was lurther selling aud
July wheat broke to U«e closing easy, J-ic
down, at '<2^'iaVgc.
Coin comniueu its downward turn to-day and
completed a slump of %c since the first of the
week, the opening trades were at a lair ad- i
vance on lirm cables and small country ac- |
ceptanots. 'ihere was some short stlling on :
crop prospects and the generally bearish se'nti- I
inent, but the decline came mainly trom the
absence of support. Most of the session was
active. July opened a shade lower, sold up
on a little support by the leading bull houses
to u2^c. Persistent bear argument brought
a slump to l^^i-^c and Juiy closed weak.
Hiiilic down, at tilv&c. ;
•The termination ot James A. Patten's sue
cessiul corner in May oats brought a pictur
esque close to the business of the week and
the month. For several months the May detij
has dominated the oats pit to the exclusion
of any very active business In other futures.
Exceptionally clever manipulation by Mr- Pat
ten secured for him a line of lonsr stuff at !
about 37c, amounting to between 10,000.000 and |
12.000,000 bushels. Prices were pushed method- j
ically from 'week to week on the corn scarcity i
and held at a high price until May 1. when!
Mr." Patten began buying the cash stuff and!
selling it out at a good advantage, but at a J
tempting figure. Local stocks were piactically ]
depleted — deliveries were taken by the shorts
who wanted to deliver, but" the price hardly]
wavered from its strong position. May shorts
settled personally with the big bull without
going into-.the pit. To-day Patten himself bid '
prices up. nobody dared sell what they would H
\ have to. buy from him and. the result was an j
advance to-day of 5%c over yesterday and a |
tightly cornered close at the top price on j
record tor May — iDU,c. Profits to the leader,
are estimated at a little short of $1,000,000.
The trade in other oats was dull and un- j
eventful. Crop prospects were good and with;
corn weakening oats sold off, July closing |
weak, hie down, at 3«%c. !
Provisions asaln felt the serious aspect of I
the strike of the packing-house teamsters at
the yards. . Curtailments of shipments of live
stock have kept hog prices up fairly well, but
the crowd was afraid to. do much : business.
The firm hog situation was augmented' by a
little packers' support and prices closed firm,
July pork 5c up, lard 5c higher and ribs 7V»@
10c hfrher. ' .... : "
The leading futures ranged as follows: ' .
Articles — Open. High.' Low. "Close.
Wheat No. 2— ¦¦'"¦'¦>
May 72Ts. 73 72 U . 72%
July 724 72% . 7\% 72V.
September ..... 71% 7114 70M 70%
December ..... 72l,i - 72ri 71 \<t' 71%
Corn No. 2 —
May... 614 61'i 60»i 61
July «2ii • K2H ¦'. 61 Vi «»%
Sf ptember 69% 59% 69 59
Oats No. 2— . v
Day -. 4* 4!H$ \ 4fi 49*i
July <old 34 T «- 34Ts -"34- %*% \
July (new)..... 36% 37. 3614 Sn-V 4
Sept. (old)..... 25% 2S% 27*4 27%
Sept. (new) 30 Vi SOU 20% 30
Mess Pork, per bb! —
: July 17 05 17 124 17 65 17 10
September 17 17 U 17 224 17 15 17 20
Lard, per 100 Ibt —
July 10 15 10 224 10 15 10 20
Sf ptember 10 20 10 25 10 '20 10 224
Short Ribs, ner 100 lbs—
July .0 674 9 75 9 674 0 724
Sf ptember 9 674 9 75 9 674 9 724
Cash quotations were as follows; Flour,
steady: winter patents, $:> S5@4: straights,
$.5 40(S3 SO; clears. $3 20@3 60; spring specials,
54 30@4 40; patents. $."} 50@3 00: straights, $:•©
3 30; Nc. 2 spring wheat. 73i§734c; No. 3, 894
<j?7."4c: No. 2 red, 793S0<£c: No. 2 yellow corn,
tH%«Tfl24c; No. 2 oats, 3!)<S414c; No. 2 white, I
4314 >ic; No. 3 white, 42 4 ® 44c: No. 2 rye. j
58c; fair to choice multing barley, 69@70Wc: I
No. 1 fiaxseed. $1 r.S; No. 1 Northwestern, $1 76;
prime timothy seed, ?•> 30@6 35; mess pork, per
bbl.. $17 10^17 15: lard, per 100 lbs., $10 124
(?il0 15: short ribs pides (loose). $9 70@9 SO:
dry salted shoulders (boxed). SifStic; short
clear sides (boxed). S10 20(810 60; whisky, ba
sis of high wines, $1 30; clover, contract grade,
$8 35.
Articles — ' Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 12,000 13,000
Wheat, bushels 20, (XW 7S.000
Corn, bushels 195.000 45S.O0O
Oats, bushels 244,000 247,000
Rye, bushels 1,000 52.000
Barley, bushels 14.000 4,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Buttpr !
market was firm; creameries, lS^f22c; dairies, |
174i?19c: cheese, steady. 10@il?4c; eggs, i
steady,- fresh. 15 Vic.
Eastern Livestock Market.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 0:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— 2000 centals, 83 %e.
Regular Morning Session — December — 4000
ctls, 83c. . - .
OATS are the only firm grain in the market
at present, and tftey are' closely held in few
bands. Tho local demand is very fair and the
market continued in excellent shape for sellers.
The Chicago letter of Bolton, De Ruyter &.
Co. says :
"The liquidation of the remaining May con
tracts was the feature of interest. There was
evidently enough interest to make it an object
for holders to advance the price. The rest
«.f the market was duli and easier. Now that
the May is out of tha way the whsle market
will probably come back to a condition more
healthy. Crop advices continue favorable. The
failure of the premium for May to drag out
any considerable receipts is a pretty fair in
dication that stocks of old Oats are practically
exhausted."
Grays $1 37%@1 45; whites. $1 35@1 50;
milling," $1 50(S21 55; black. $1 25@1 35; t red,
$1 32% ©1 45 per ctl.
CORN — Chicago declined again. Country
acceptances were light, but the market weak
ened on large receipts, liquidation and lack
of support. The Chicago letter of Bolton, De
Ruyter & Co. nald: "Market here was rather
heavy. Country offerings were again small,
but there was enough scattered liquidation to
ease the price. The Gates party were evidently
good buyers of- SeDtember Corn on the break.
We see no indications yet of any effort to
liquidate by the large holders."
Tills market continued dull and weak, with
holders inclined to give buyers concessions to
effect sales.
L3rge Yello^UJ $1 45@1 50; small round do,
$1 r>0«M 55: White. $1 C0@l 62V&.
RYE — 90(f?95c per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— $2(g 2 25 per ctl asked.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Sucond Session — December — 10,000 centals,
$1X2; 2000, *111%. XT
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
BARLEY — The spot market broke sharply,
owing to the heavy May deliveries already
mentioned.- All of the May contracts were
taken by the leading buyer, which throws a
lot of spot Barley on the market, and as the
new crop is on the eve of coming in pronounc
ed weakness is the result. Everybody is liq
uidating. Cash Feed sold at 92&@97%c, the
latter figure being paid for an exceptionally
fine lot and June was offered down to 90c.
The rain, too, helped the market down. .
There was not much doing in futures, as the
May deal is over; but the bears offered near
deliveries ¦ low down .and with . great vigor.
There were no. bulls in sight.
Feed, 00@07V-c for No. 1 and &0@82%c for
off grades; brewing and shipping grades, 97J£c;
Chevalier, nominal.
was nothing in ttie weather, to strengthen . the
market, and with . spine weakness in coarse
grains, there was enough liquidation to carry
prices fractionally lower. Broomhall ¦, says
Liverpool is affected somewhat by drouth in
Australia and that the market is unsettled by
uncertainty regarding the import duty on
wheat. Cash demand is slow. Speculative op
erations are at minimum and the wheat ouv
look seems dull. Some Increase in primary
movement is probable. On present conditions
we are Inclined to think wheat should be sold
on strong days." - ' .
This market was dull and unchanged. ¦_¦
Spot Wheat— Shipping. $1 1394; milling, $1 lo
@X 10 Vi per ctl.-
THE SAK FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 1, 1902.
Bank Clearings.
Foreign Futures.
LOCAL MARKETS.
. Giant Powder Company has declared dividend
42 of 50 cents per share. ' ... \
CHICAGO. May 31. — Aside from the term-
Ination cf the successful corner in May oata
and the accompanying flurry and higher prices
in that pit speculation In grain* to-day was
again under bear dominance. Wheat for eomt
35
TA.TIO
DNS.
I*
g| if fH
c c - "*
» * •
1 n »—
i.S2
• .62
4S 42 Nff
r.S 41 N'VT
Cloudy .00
Ran -04
.'9 4* IfW 1
Cloudy T.
S2 4S N
Ra.in 1 . 1 1
68 50 KW
cs as t-w
Cloudy T.
<"ear .CO
t.2»
.20
.28
.29.
.29
I.CO
1 .06
I. €4
).T6
* . v "2
I *2
)".*3
i.::s
1.02
t.O8
.. 4S K
71 50 W
€S 54 V.-
9« 64 \V
5i! 50 NW
f.<5 4S f=E
C4 4S W
<i0 52 S
SO *-i S\%'
56 50 W
64 f.« N'W
Clear .CO
Pt CMy .00
Pt Cldy .01
Clear .00
Cloudy .01
Cloudy .10
Rain .22
Clear .12
Clear .00
Cloudy .IS
Cloudy T.
Cloudy .O'*
.29
.2*">
t.74
l.«0
ffi 4« N
V2 40 NW
54 42 W
Ciou-1y .00
Ra-Ji T.
Clear .00
'urr.;
.29
i.Ci2
I.6K
CO 48 >= 1
70 42 SW
91 CO \V
Cloudy T.
Cloudy .01
Cloudy .«J0
AUCTION SALES
£a* OCCIDENTAL
:*** HORSE EXCHANGE, -***
246 THIRD STREET.
On MONDAY. June 2, I will sell a large con-
signment of new and second-hand Carriages,
Coupes, two and three seaters. Camp Wagons,
Buggies, Carts, Phaetons, etc. Also a few fine
Horses, including Shetland Ponies.
J WM. G. LAYNG. Auctioneer.
W A CARLOAD 2*
Of WELL BROKEN 1300-pound WORK
HORSES from HEILBRON & ME1SS Ranches,
Slskiyou County, now on sale by
FRED H. CHASE & CO., 1732 Market st.
TUESDAY, June 3. 47 horses of all classes;
also camp, express, peddling wagons, buggies,
surreys, carts; 50 sets of single and double
harness, at 1140 Folspm »t.. 11 a. m. _^
STEWART'S BORSlE MARKET.
One car load SOUND. GENTLE HORSES:
also good second-hand rigs; 1 camper's wagon.
721 HOWARD ST.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
STATEMENT
OF THE —
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
Assurance Company
OF AMERICA
OF NEW YORK, IN THE STATE OF NEW
York, on the 31st day of December. A. D,
1901, and for. the year ending on that day, as
made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code.
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner:
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up in
. cash $200,000 00
ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company $433,750 00
Cash in Banks 64,682 17
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 1,166 67
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion 88.745 23
Total Assets ...."..$588,344 12
LIABILITIES. ~
Losses in process of Adjustment or
in Suspense 34,220 00
Lcsses resisted. Including expenses.. 250 00
Gross Premiums on Fire Risks run-
Ing one year or less, $346,871 11;
reinsurance 50 per cent 173,435 56
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, $76.-
¦ 160 75; reinsurance pro rata....... 43.918 99
All other Liabilities 47.767 99
Total Liabilities ...$209,592 54
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums $402,876 57
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks. Loans, and from
all other sources 11,793 65
Total Income ••••••• $414,775 22
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses.... $213,397 6«
Dividends to Stockholders 24.000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage ¦ 121,302 61
Paid for Salaries. Fees, and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 3,635 00
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes 8,607 42
All other payments and expenditures 3,707 31
'Total Expenditures $331,240 00
Fire.
Losses Incurred during the year. ...$234,576 60
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $53,761,834 $617,527 23
Net amount of Risks
¦ expired during the
• year .40,317,021 455.093 58
Net amount In force
December 31. 1901.. 36.S78.839 423.03186
• R. C. RATHBONE, President.
EMIL G. PIEPER, Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 7th
day of February, 1902.
CHRIS. BAMBART. Notary Public.
Pacific Department '• v
C. A. HENRY & CO.,
215 Sansome Street,
San Francisco. Cal.
STATEMENT
OF THB
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
— — OF THE — — .
National Standard
• INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NEW. YORK, IN THE STATE OF NEW
York, on the 31st day of December. A. D.
1901, and for the year ending on that day. as
made 'to the Insurance Commissioner of the
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
or sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner. '
.CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
in cash $200.000 00
, ASSETS. ~~~
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
bonds owned by Company $423,650 00
Cash in Banks ;. 101.427 79
Interest due and accrued on all
. Stocks and Loans .....;. 1.0S3 33
Premiums in due i Course of Collec-
tion 94.404 07
Total Assets $620,565 19
LIABILITIES.
Losses In process of Adjustment or '¦
in Suspense . :.... $34,846 00
Losses resisted. Including ex-
penses 735 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run- .
nlng one year or less, $351,275 41; '
reinsurance 50 per cent........... 175,637 70
Gross ' premiums on Fire Risks run- -
ning more than one year, $73,-
271 07; reinsurance pro rata 42,139 43
All other Liabilities 53.135 94
Total !,. Liabilities ... $306,434 07
INCOME. """^
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums $404,843 27
Received for interest and dividends
I on Bonds. Stocks. Loans, and from
all other sources 13.242 11
Total Income $418.190 33
EXPENDITtmES. : ~~~~
Net amount paid for Fire Losses {In-
cluding $19,543 00. losses of pre-
- vlous years) ,:.... ;. $216. 775 17
Dividends to Stockholders 24,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 121.768 13
Paid for Salaries. Fees, and other
charges fpr officers, clerks, etc.... 8,215 00
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes ::........ 11.017 41
All other payments and expenditures 3,147 «4
Total Expenditures $379,823 40
Losses Incurred during the year.... $234. 421 17
Ricks - and Premiums. Fire . Risks. Premiums.'
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year : . . . $56,024,251 $661,912 96
Net amount of Risks
expired) during the
year ....:. 40,177,398 460,551 13
¦Net; amount In forcej .. , . ¦ . :.
December 31. 1901.. 37,230,491 r 424.546 43
R. BLEECKER RATHBONE, President.
EMIL G. PIEPER. Secretary. .
• Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 7th
day of February. 1902. . . •• •.
CHRIS. BAMBACH. Notary Public
. Pacific Department
C. A. HENRY & CO.,
215 Sansome Street,
<¦¦•¦ San Francisco, Cal.
TTNITED STATES BBAIfCH. j
STATEMENT
OF THE—— '
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
CommerdalUnion
ASSURANCE COMPANY
OP LONDON. ENGLAND. ON THE 31ST
Jay of December. A. D. lflOl. and for th«
year ending on that day. as mad« to the In-
suranco Commissioner of the State of Califor-
nia, pursuant to the provisions of sections 610
and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as p«sr
blank furnished by the Commissioner:
Capital : $12,500,000 00
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
In Cash 1.250.000 00
ASSETS. ~~~
Real Estate owned by Company.. 8S8.148 69
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages.. 232,500 CO
Cash Markst Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company. 1.S41.3S5 00
Cash in Company's Office 8,994 11
Cash in Banks 405,884 20
Interest due and accrued on all ¦• ¦¦:'/¦;.
Stocks and Loans . '.. ' .1.166 68
Inttrest due and accrued on Bonds
ana Mortgages 4,0«0 41
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 886.883 10
Ellis receivable, not Matured,
taken for Fire and Marine Risks 6.2S2 I 1 *
Bents dua and accrued 7.701 48
Total Assets $3,973,095 80
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $116,720 CO
Losses in process of Adjustment
or In Suspense 265.965 00
losses resisted, including ex-
penses 23.500 CO
Gross premiums on Fire Risks
running one year, or less. $2,-
113.221 31: reinsurance 50 per
cent 1.056.610 63
Gross premiums on Fire Risks
running more than one year.
$2,030,131 90; reinsurance pro
rata 1.CS7.556 57
Gross premiums on Marine and
Inland Navigation Risks. $70.-
OJ9 77; reinsurance 100 pe .• cent. 70.049 77
Gro33 premiums on Marine Tlm«
Risks, $46,027 57; reinsurance
60 per cent 23,013 73
Amount reclaimable by the In-
sured on perpetual fire Insur-
ance policies 100,205 63
AH other demands against the
Company 110.347 07
Total Liabilities $2.858.963 4g
INCOME. ~
Net cash actually received for
Fire premiums $2,703,619 SB
Net cash actually received for
Marine premiums 173,604 80
Received for interest on Bond3
and Mortgages 11,264 23
Received for interest and divi-
dends on Bonds. Stocks, Loans,
and frcm all other sources 71,750 CO
Received for Rents 21.283 24
Total Income $2.983.521 63
EXPENDITURES. ~~
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
of previous years) I $l,S16,902 20
Net amount paid for Marine
Losses (including $
losses of previous years). 85,390 63
Paid or allowed for Commission
or Brokerage 654.607.34
Paid for Salaries, Fees, and other
• charges for officers, clerks, etc. . 143,537 23
Paid for State. National and Lo-
cal taxes 80.944 63
All other payments and expendi-
tures v" 161.498 63
To'tal Expenditures $2.S22,930 73
Losses Incurred during the year.. $1.962.503 83
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premluma,
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $353,263,746 $3,777,479 04
Net amount of Risks Tl
expired during the . ',
year 341.5S3.4S4 3.444.072 SI
Net amount in forcel
December 31. 1901-1 409.197.92S 4,143.403 21
Risks and Premiums. IMar. Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks!
•written during the|
year I $47,852,1SO $250,408 43
Net amount of Risks
expired during: the
year ,» - - 46,243.034 200.763 61
Net amount* in forcel
December 31. 1901-1 3.384.858 92.306 84
A. H. AVRAY. Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 22d
day of March. 1902.
MICHAEL J. QUINX. Notary Public.
t: ' .
t Pacific Coast Branch
416-418 California St.,
San Francisco.
E. T. NIEBL1NG, C. F.MULUNS,
Asst. Manager. Manager.
UNITED STATES BBANCH.
STATEA1EINT
OP THE ¦
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THS——
phoenix'
ASSURANCE COMPANY, Limited,
OF LONDON. ENGLAND. ,OM THB 31ST
day of December, A. D. 1901, and for tha
year ending on that day, as made to the In-
surance Commissioner of the State of Califor*
nla, pursuant to the provisions of sections 610
and 611 of the Political Code, condensed, as per
blank furnished by the Commissioner:
ASSETS.
Cash market value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company. .$2,228,078 73
Cash in Company's Office 75 52
Cash in Banks 21,629 43
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 2S.853 75
Cash In hands of U. 8. Trustees. 451.892 21
Premiums In due Course of Col-
lection ! 158,753 93
Due from other Companies for re-
insurance on losses already paid. 12.675 54
Total Assets $2.897.05» 21
|\ LIABILITIES. "
Losses adjusted and unpaid $110,789 00
Losses in process of Adjustment or
tn Suspense 802,972 90
Losses resisted. Including expenses. 18,233 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning on* year or less. $2,012.-
814 93; reinsurance 50 per cent. 1,008,407 4«
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. $1,603,.
600 37; reinsurance pro rata S29 217 tfi
All other Uabllltlea 19^410 35
Totai Inabilities $2,460,009 73
• INCOME. » === ==
Net cash actually received for Fire
jremiums $2,801,247 si
Received for Interest and dividends -*-.•»*
- on Bonds. Stocks. Loans, and*
from all other sources v^ 78.123 70
Total Income .$2.877.*71 at
Jif- EXPENDITtrRE3. "
Net amount paid for Fire Lcsses
(Including $454,025 00, losses of
previous years) $1,838,233 63
Paid or allowed for Commission
or'Brclserage ..;. 509,507 77
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other l
charges for- officers, clerks, etc. 142,2218a
Paid for State. National and Lo-
;eal taxes 74,730 23
All other payments and expendi-
tures 227.904 41
Total Expenditures ...... $3.880.653 9j
- .• '*p'i "' ****¦ ~~
Losses Incurred during the- year. .$1,950,323 40
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $440.SS3.755 $4,133,960 M
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 402.781.734 3,537,096 03
Net amount >n forcel
December 31. 1901.1340.091.093 3.616.413 30
\ . A. P. .IRVING. Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this
28th day of January. 1902.
GEO. O. RUGER. Notary Public
BUTLER & HEWITT,
AGENTS,
418 California Street,
San Francisco, Cal. "•THE SAN FRANCISCQ CALL; SUNDAY. JUNE 1, 1UU2.
36
D^f.p WA STED— FRM A I,R— Ton.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S.. Phone Grant 1S3
HOTEL DEPARTMENT •--••••;•
Head waitress, cafe. Los Angeles (no Sun-
day work), must understand arm and check
work, fare paid $ 10 *?.**
Head waitress, nice place J""»\n'in-
10 waitresses, springs, fare one way..$10-*-J
Chambermaid, springs, 12th month, fare one
30* waitresses." * city " and "commercial i^ 1^
CnamDerma"id"to wait." country hotel, "fare paM
' 3 waitresses, Arizona, "free fare *I " * * * «HR
. Man and wife, cock and helper, resort »<>•>
2 waitresses, same place il-
Forelady.' laundry, must understand marking
and distributing ? 10 w , e
Assistant laundress, summer resort, laie
paid |r*
Laundress, city •-"
2 waitresses. Santa Cruz, fare one way...j-«
$-<>
Woman and daughter, working housekeeper
country hotel ;™
2 waitresses. Santa ruz, fare one way : ...»-^
Restaurant waitress $« ween
Woman, day work, steady place, no Sunday
work $1 day
.l FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Nurseglrl, care of small children, nice place,
$15-$20; young girl, assist care of children.
$10; 5 places nurseglrls, $10-$20; cook and
second girl, same American family, city, $4«>;
houseglrl to assist, nice American family,
$15. In fact we have many places for cooks,
housegirls. second girls, nursegirls, city and
country, best of wages, call • and see us.
C. R- HANSEN. & CO 420 Bush st.
(Opposite California Hotel, bet. Kearny st.
and Grant ave.)
STENOGRAPHER willing to travel California
to Maine; beginner preferred. Box 233, Call.
THOROUGH course in millinery. $1 per week; I
day and even, class. 143 Stockton, room 13.
A YOUNG girl to assist with general house-
work; no washing; sleep home. 3573 20th st.
COOK for a children's institution; good wages;
references required. Box 539, Call.
EXPERIENCED operators and finishers on
gents' white shirts. Rogerson's, 535 Valencia.
FIRST-CLASS waist finishers: also sleeve
finishers wanted. COX. 1514 Pine st.
LADY of indomitable energy, possessed of self-
assertion: good opportunity for right party.
F. PERSON, room 412. Parrott building.
LEARN proofreading: sits, secured, $15 to $25
wkly. Home Correspondence "School. Phila.
GIRLS, be your own boss; earn $15 to $20 per
week with private customers; hairdressing.
manicuring, massage, hairwork taught In 2
• weeks: price $3 50; employment guaranteed:
class day and evening. 233 Geary, rms. 13-15.
Hairdressing. manicuring, massage, bleaching,
dyeing, hairwprk; splendid position In stores
and with private customers, $50 to $75 mo.; 2
weeks $5; day, ev. classes. 1236 Market, r. 04.
WANTED — Experienced jacket and skirt hand3
on alteration work. Apply between 8 and 11
a. m. at HALE BROS.'
GIRL for general housework; 3 In family; good
wages. -775 Haight st.
PANTS operators wanted by S. N. WOOD A
CO. Apply at factory. 27 Geary st.
WANTED— Experienced shlrtmakers. EAG-
LESON & CO.. 535 Market st.
HELP WANTED MALE.
AT THE CALIFORNIA EMPLOYMENT
AGENCY,
59 3d St., near Call bldg.: phone Bush 403.
....Teamsters and laborers for railroad....
TO ALL POINTS IN NEVADA
Free fare Free fare
Office fee fl; no other expenses
100 teamsters ?2 25 to $2 50 per day
100 rock men ?2 25 to $2 50 per day
100 concrete men and laborers.. $2 25 per day
SPECIAL TO-DAY (SUNDAY)
Free fare Ship to-day at 12 m.
Mendocino County Big Sawmill
50 railroad laborers. .826 per month & board
12 sawmill and woodsmen
$26 to $65 per month and board
SHIP TO-DAY FREE FARE
FOR LUMBER WOODS
Full crew for new lumber camp; 50 barkers,
crosscutters, chain tenders, Jackscrew men,
timber fellers, swampers, $40 to $60 per
month and board.
FOR SAWMILL
2 head setters $3 per day
10 lumber pliers $40 per month and board
5 carpenters, company work, long job. . . .
$:; 30 per day
5 structural steel men $3 50 per day
..RANCH HANDS
2 teamsters, ranch, $35 per month and found;
10 men to pick cherries, $1 day and board:
50 hay hands. $1 25 to $1 50 per day and
board; man and wife, small ranch. $46 per
month: 5 women to pack fruit. $1 25 per day.
Office open to-day (Sunday) till 12 m.
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY, 638 Clay.
Phone Main 1191.
700 teamsters, concrete men, rock, men,
steam shovel dumpers. .$2 25 to $2 50 per day
FREE FARE. SHIP TO-DAY.
To Wadsworth, Rokeby, Battle Mountain,
Palisade and Carlln. Ship direct, fee $1.
175 railroad men; S. P. Co.'s own work.
COAST ROAD. FREE FARE. SHIP
TO-DAY
To San Luis Oblspo. Edna, Cuesta. Goleta.
SPENSE. BRADLEY and SAN ANDRO.
15 men for Santa Fe Co.'s own work..$l 73
32 boys to learn trades $4 to $9 per week
17 laborers, mine, north $2 per day
52 laborers, mine, south.. $2 to $2 50 per day
20 .quarrymen '. $2 per day
10 'wood choppers $2 50 per cord
4 men to clear land $30 per acre
1 Iron molder $3 per day
2 carriage blacksmiths $3 per day
1 carriage painter $3 per aay
1 cook, Nevada, see boss here, 10 a. ~,
.' $45 per n th
Cooks, waiters, etc., city and country
1 bellboy, call 10 a. m. to-day.. $15 and board
2 milkers for Oregon
Many other positions. Call and see our
bulletins.
TO-DAY (SUNDAY)
TO-DAY (SUNDAY)
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 429 Bush st.
Between Kearny and Grant ave.
Free Fare Free Fare
For Nevada * For Nevada
NEW RAILROAD WORK
2000 teamsters, laborers, rockmen and con-
crete men .$2 and $2 25 a day
Machinist for R. R. camp $75 and found
4 carpenters to make concrete forms
$3 50 a day
Harness maker, R. R. camp $40 and found
2 camp waiters $30 and found
FOR CHATSWORTH PARK
500 tunnelmen, drillers, muckers and out-
side laborers $175 to $3 day
Ship To-night
- Free Fare Free Fare
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Head cook, resort. $80; 6 dishwashers for
springs. $30 and $25; dishwasher for water-
ing resort. Santa Cruz, $25; ; yardman,
springs, $25 *. ..
Opposite California Hotel
C. R. HANSEN & CO 429 Bush st.
WANTED — Farmer and wife, $50; gardener or
man about place and wife, $50. Apply Mon-
j day to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 334 Sutter st.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 20 Montgomery, rm. 12.
Fireman, hotel. $25; cleaner, help porter, $25-
pantryman, $33; porter. $25; clerk. $15.
WANTED — 5 miners. $60 per month and board-
4 laborers. $45 and board, for furnace; 3 la-
borers, $45 and board, for sawmill; 2 firemen
$60 and board, for Knox & Osborn furnace'
Apply 722 Laguna st. to-day, bet. 10 and 12
a. m. FRANK A. MAHON.
TAILOR shop foreman wanted: must be a
first-class practical tailor, capable of taking
entire charge of workshop for making fine
class custom garments; to right man fine po-
sltlon; give full particulars. Box 219. CaJK
WANTED — Young men. women, boys girls to
write for our new system of earning prem-
iums and cash prizes. Pleasant and profitable
occupation. Costa you nothing; everything
furn. free. Biltmore Contest Dept.. 536 CalU
MEN to learn barber trade; only requires two
months; constant practice and expert Instruc-
tion: catalogue free; special inducements thla
month. Moler System College. 635 Clay st.
WANTED— Young man to assist stock clerk
In household goods and kitchen utensils-
«*««««• ("any)!
MANUFACTURING CO.. Santa Clara. Cal
BARBER shops and rooming houses supplied
with towels. 40c per 100. Yosemlte Towel
Supply Co.. 708 McAllister; phone Kate ™G?
WANTED — For restaurants, cooks Wfl !»„,..
j Porters, kitchen help; no Ut.BWuSS^l
WANTED— Grocery clerk: good wages; must
have references. M. D. MEYER & CO Geary
and Devlsadero sts. • o<sar y.
WANTED— Experienced liquor salesman- Ger-
man preferred; references required- oi<i»£
tabllshed house. Box 547. CaU office
TRAVELING salesman for Calif, to sell ratoti
trade: attractive, salable line- esti hiu^J
high rated house. Box 225. Detrofy Milh!^
W "^ N vE?P~-; A y ?? nK man to keep a plain set
BRIGHT ( young man about 15 to learn retail
• shoe business. Box 237, Call office?
. EPgCATipNAL.
HEALD'S^SCHOOL OF ELECTRICAL ENGI-
NEERING — Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion, laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
practical; day and night. 24 Post St., S. F.;
catalogue free. ' ¦
A — IF Gregg stenographers are not fast writers,
how do they all get positions and hold them?
34 positions In March, 32 In April; Ellis book-
keeping makes real bookkeepers.. S. F. Busl-
nets College. 1236 Market st.
GALLAGHER-MARSH BUSINESS COLLEGE
conducted by experts; best combined short-
' b.and and commercial course to be had any-
where; indorsed by official court reporters.
1382 Market st.
HEALD'S SCHOOL QF MINES, 2i POST ST..
S.' F. — Thorough courses; complete equipment:
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day and night: catalogue free.
A — THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
* school lor the university, > law and medical
colleges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building. .
LADY of exceptional position going to Bey-
reuth. Wagner festival will chaperon 5 young
ladies for European trip. Address P. O. box
224. Denver, Colo.
ELOCUTION; acting; reasonable terms; have
excellent positions for lady, two gentlemen
and little child. Apply Sunday p. m. and
: after, 6A Hyde st.
PRIVATE lessons In Gorman. Polish and
French. MME. A. v. RADOSZCWSKI. 235
¦ Seventh £t. .
•Address Ayers' Business College, 723 Market
-. St., for their new catalogue; it Is free and the
; nicest in the State. Life scholarship $50..
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec, mining, mech.sur-
: vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1S64. Van
:.'. der Nalllon School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
ACCOUNTING^-Mcst thorough course on coast;
beginners and college graduates perfected.
TARIt. expert accountant, 219 Parrott bldg.
GOLDEN Gate Com'l College, 530 Golden Gate
•ave., S. F. — Sp'ring, summer term shorthand,
bookpg.. penmanship; poslt'p when qualified.
CALIFORNIA Business College; most thorough
modern methods; positions for all graduates;
new 60- page catalogue free. 305 Larkin st.
ACTING, elocution., specialties; Hallet School:
associated with theatrical agency securing po-
sltions. ' Alcazar building. 120 O'Farrell gt.
LEARN ad. writing: terms reasonable. CALI-
FORNIA AD. SCHOOL. 234 Montgomery st.
Chicago Business College. 1435 Market, nr. 10th;
Plttman shorthand, typing, bookkeepg; $6 mo.
Harpist, only teacher West, desires pupils. Mme.
Carusi, Hallet School Acting. 120 O'Farrell st.
GIVEN free: mandolin,' violin, guitar or banjo.
by taking- 20 lessons. 50c lesson. 1484 Market.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission. nr.Oth.
SHORTHAND taught by mall or personally,
MISS M. G. BARRETT, 302 Montgomery st.
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof. MERKL good
teacher, 1008 Mission; instruments selected.
H E A LD' S Business College, 24 Post St., S. F.;
founded 1863; new 80- page catalogue free.
HELP WANTED — FEMALE.
A WAITRESS for restaurant, $8 a week, no
Sunday work^a waitress and parlormaid. 2
• In family. $25: a laundress to help In house-
work, $25; a. cook for Jarge family, $35: 40
housework girls for city and country. MISS
PLUNKETT. 425 Sutter St.. near Powell.
A MAN and wife for a milk dairy, $60; a man
and wife for private family In country, $50;
a man and wife for small ranch place, $45 to
$30. MISS PLUNKETT, 425 Sutter St.,
near Powell.
A YOUNG, strong Irish Catholic girl as kitchen
maid in a private family, $25. MISS PLUN-
KETT, 425 1 Sutter st.. near Powell.
WANTED — 3 cooks, country, ?30, $35; 2 par-
lormaids, city and country, $25, $30; 4 sec-
ond girls', $20. $25; 3 waitresses for springs,
$25, go to-day; cook, small resort, $40: kitch-
en maid, country, $25; north German nurse
girl, $25; 2 housekeepers. $20, $25; waitress,
mining camp. $25; 55 girls for housework In
city and country, $20, $25, $30. Apply to J.
F. CROSETT & CO., 334 Sutter st.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, rm. 12.
Chambermaid. $20; office open Sunday 10-12.
OPERATORS and a number of bright girls
will be taken for Instruction on overalls, with
a stated amount guaranteed to beginners.
Standard Shirt Factory, cor. Gough and
Grove sts.
LADIES! — We want a good representative in
each locality and offer any woman who will
work a position which will easily pay $18
per week. This Is no deception and if you
can spare only two hours per day. address
THE WOMAN'S MUTUAL BENEFIT CO.,
Box B, Joliet, 111.
LADIES to learn, barber trade: only two
months required; special offer this month;
hairdressing taught in four weeks; catalogue
free. MOLER System College, 635 Clay st.
WANTED — Ladles to make lace for us at their
own homes; easy work; good pay; lessons
free. Apply this week. to Torchon Lace Co.,
36 MetroDole. 6 Turk st.
WANTED — Expert stenographer, one having
had experience in wholesale work preferred;
state salary and reference. Address box 550,
Call office.
WANTED — A refined. Intelligent and educated
young lady to act as an attendant in a busi-
ness office; state wages and references. Box
525. Call.
THE art of millinery taught in your own home
by competent Instructors; bound volumes of
lessons given. 1236 Market St., third floor,
room 56. • ¦ •
WANTED — Young lady to pose for artist; ex- i
perience not necessary: short hours; good sal-
ary. Box 540. Call office.
COMPETENT woman past 30 to travel for
wholesale house; state age and experience.
Box 204,. Call.
A MIDDLE-AGED lady as governess and
housekeeper for refined small family. Apply,
¦ with full partlcularei box 235, Call office.
WANTED — Young lady for camera department:
must have experience in carmera goods. Ap-
ply superintendent's office, "Emporium.
WORKING housekeeper for bachelor apart-
ments; light work; state age, salary ex-
pected, etc. Box 230, Call office.
•OPERATORS on muslin underwear; beginners
taught and paid while learning. BAUER
BROS. CO., 21 Sansome st.
WANTED — Elderly woman to assist' In light
housework: $5 per month; good home. 711
Stockton st.
RESPECTABLE young women to train as In-
fants' nurses. A,pply Matron, 913 Golden
Gate ave.
YOUNG girl wanted to learn dressmaking;
paid while learning. 845 California st. .
WANTED — Experienced saleslady. Address
box 551. Call office.
WANTED — Lady cashier; give experience, ref-
erence and wages expected. Box 206. Call.
FINISHERS on' pants and apprentices to
learn operating. 541 1 Market st.
A REFINED lady to travel. Box 223, Call
office.
GIRL for housework; 3 in family. 2012 Sutter
street.
A GIRL for light housework; sleep home; 271
Jersey st. ¦
BRIGHT slrl wanted to keep stock. 636 Mls-
slon st.. 3d floor.
EXPERIENCED hands on ladies' underwear;
good pay. 656 Mission St., 4th floor.
EXPERIENCED hands on ladies' waists; good
pay. 656 Mission St., 4th floor.
TUCKERS on automatic' machine; good pay.
656 Mission- St., 4th floor.
BRIGHT 1 girl to make herself useful In manu-
facturing business. 636 Mission st., 3d floor.
WAITRESS wanted at 204 Sixth st. \
WANTED— Lady subject to travel with lady
hypnotist. A., box 209, Call office.
WANTED — Women and Kirls to work on fruit.
1731 Folsom st.
DRESSMAKING, waist hands. Improvers and
paid apprentices. Call 1603 Geary st.
WANTED — Young woman tfor kitchen in res-
taurant. Apply 2S81 Sixteenth st.
STEADY girl to assist with light work In
bakery. Apply 2052 Mission st.
WANTED — Experienced saleslady for cloak and
eult house;, good wages. Box 229, Call.
WANTED — Housekeeper, country. Address
Box 5, Sunol, Cal. ¦ -•¦:-¦- > ¦
WANTED— .Girl to attend and wait In saloon.
70 Jackson st. • . •
/ .- — ' i
NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY TO LEARN
HOW TO SEW. OVERALLS; WE TEACH
YOU FREE OF CHARGE AND PAY WHILE
LEARNING: STEADY WORK; GOOD PAY.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. 32% FREMONT
ST. ; MR. DAVIS.
WANTED — An experienced talloress for bushell
Ing department S. N. WOOD & CO.. 713
Market st; •% . ¦ -
AN experienced nurseglrl to go to the country
with a family for a month;' $15. Apply to
429 Bush street. ¦
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. I. O. <^f8EC^
O. F. — Initiation and election of B*r*TOy
officers MONDAY EVENING,
June 2. Everybody welcome. "JW»v^
¦__ WM. B. AYER. N. G.
THE ninth grand annual day and |^<7tj- l
night picnic and" barbecue of the LSU
Croatian Benevolent Society Zvoni- *ff/«ir
mir No. Cl. N. C. S.. w411 be held 3Jgg£l
TO-DAY (Sunday), June 1, at Glen \P3/'
Park. Barbecue (kastradine I *s55<,
kupusa) from 12 m. to 3 p. m. -~
Dancing from 11 a. m. to 11 p. m. Over 200
. cash prizes will be raffled at 6 p. m. Mission
(yellow) and San Mateo cars direct. Admis-
sion, 25c; children free. Games, fun and
enjoyment for all. Society will leave on a
special Mission (yellow) car via Broadway
and Kearny, starting from the ferry at 10
a. m. Bring your friends with you.
COMMITTEE.
FOURTH of July at Shell Mound . CT^
Park. Berkeley — Twenty-first grand A« ABWJ
annual gathering and tames of the >fvVX*fig
5. F. Scottish Thistle Club: new t^*
features; great programme. •
JOHN H. McINNIS. Royal Chief.
GEORGE FUL^ERTON. Recorder.
THE California Debris Commission having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydrauli-j
process from Sam Ahtye, in the Secret Dig-
gings Mine, near Laporte, Plumas County.
Cal.. to deposit tailings in worked out pit
draining into Clark or Slate Creek» and from
P. J. Sheridan and E. N. Ekel, in the
Lancha Plana Mine, at Lancha Plana. Aina-
dor County. Cal., to deposit tailings In worked
out pit draining Into Mokelumne River, gives
notice that a meeting- will be held at room
06, Flood Building. San Francisco, Cal., or.
June 16. 1902. at 1:30 p. m.
ANNUAL Meeting — The regular annual meet-
ing of the stockholders of the Olympic Salt
Water Company will be held at the office of
the company. 327 Market st., San Francisco,
Cal.. on MONDAY, the 26th day of May,
1902. at the hour of 3 o'clock p. m... for the
purpo;\» of electing a board of directors to
serve for the ensuing year, and the transac-
tion, of such other business as may come be-
; fore the meeting. Transfer books will close
en Friday. May 16. 1902. at 3 o'clock p. m.
CHAS. A. GIBSON, Sec.
Office, 327' Market St.. San Francisco. Cal.
The above meeting has been postponed
until Monday, June 2. 1902, at 3 o'clock p. m.
CHAS. A. GIBSON. Sec.
. ApOPTION. . :: 1 1.
A GOOD home open for a girl babv, 1 or 2:
years old. DR. EMILE FUNKE, 1410 8th .
st., Alameda. •- ; . . .: v :.-
AGENTS W ANTED.
'WANTED — Book salesmen and others to com-
pete for $1000 prize to be paid for naming
new publication; no charge for: contesting.
Send 10c for eighty-pag-e prospectus. Prize
awarded July 1. EMERSON PRESS, 111
Fifth ave.. New York City.
SALESMEN wanted; big salary or commission
paid to sell our goods by sample: wholesale
or retail. Address CAN-DEX MANUFAC-
TURING CO.. Buffalo, N. Y.. United States.
AGENTS — Do you want something more profit-
able and easier to sell than books' or lnsur-
ance? F. PERSON, room 412. Parrott bldg.
ATTORXEYS AT L AW.
R. W. KING. atty.. Examiner building, room
613; all cases; damages, estates, wills, mort-
gages, partnerships, attachments, collections,
etc.; legal papers drawn; consultation free;
no advance charges; open eve's; call or write.
ADVICE free; divorces a specialty: quick, quiet;
no charge without success; established 10 yrs.
G. W. HOWE, 850 Market St., cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; open every evening; low fees;
all cases. J. M. THURSTON. 819 Market st.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful : all
casea. W. W. DAVIDSON. 027 Market st.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket st.: consultation free; no fees In advance.
BICYCLES — For Sale or Exchange.
ALLEN has best bicycles made; all prices; call
before buying; repairing, tires, bells. 301
Larkin. 3C5 Market, 1968 to 1974 Page.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
PRIVATE refined family (2 adults) would like
child to board; terms low. 1610Vi Bush St.;
: phone Polk 2797.
ONE or two children to board: cood home;
best of care; reasonable. 895 Oak st.
BOOKS NEAV AND OLD.
BOOKS of all kinds bought; libraries purchased.
H. C. Holmes. 1149 Market; tel. Howard 1946.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
WE have several nice restaurants and chop
houses for sale cheap. Coast Real Estate
Co.. 783^ Market st.
RESTAURANT; sales $70 per day guaranteed:
rent $40; free water; price $2000. Coast Real
Estate Co.. 7S3% Market st.
WE have lodging-houses, various kinds, for sale
I cheap. Coast Real Estate Co., 7S3M; Market.
$250 — SNAP: real estate office located on Mar-
ket St.; old established business. The Coast
Real Estate Co., 783 V^ Market st.
$2000 WILL buy an old established coal and
wood yard; average profits $200 per month;
large stock on hand. Coast Real Estate Co.
783% Market sj.
j $800 WILL buy 20 acres of fine fruit, wheat
I and rolling land; Tehama Co., near village.
Coast Real Estate Co., 783% Market st.
A— KREDO & CO. Bargains. This Week Only.
A general merchandise store, bazaar, no-
tions, etc.; will Involve ?3o00- >-*nt $18; re-
ceipts ?6000 yearly; 50 per cent profit; at
your own price; best town on coast; offer
wanted. 14 Flood buildlns.
A— KREDO &' CO Rare Opportunity
Fancy grocery, delicatessen and restauranl;
cleared $5000 In 2 years; receipts $40 and $60
dally: Al location; trial; make offer. 14
_Flood building.
FOR sale — Butcher shop in good location;
horse, wagon, good furniture and family
trade; rent $15; price $800; worth $1000. In-
qulre at McBRIDE & CO.'S, 765 Market st.
A — SPECIAL; we have cash customers wait-
ing for saloon, cigar stand, branch bakery
and lst-class grocery. CAMERON Sc CO
850 Market, rooms 21, 22, 23.
A— $400; CIGAR factory, retail store in front;
large outside trade; old established ; fine
stock; must sell Immediately; must be seen
to be appreciated. P. S. DE LUCA & CO.,
318 Kearny et.
$300 — PARTNER wanted in light outdoor busi-
ness; $18 to $23 a week, with chance to make
$35 In short time; plain, steady man will find
this a chance worth taking. 25 Geary, rm. 4.
INVENTORS' Mfg. Co.. incorporated May 2
1902, will start business in this city by June
15; 10.000 shares of treasury stock is now
offered to the public at 25c per share; we
guarantee no assessments and will cheer-
fully refund all money to stockholders any
time within 3 months, who doubt we cannot
pay larger dividends in a shorter time than
could be obtained in any other enterprise.
Call or address 137 First st.
FOR SALE — A milk dairy situated in Ala-
meda County; a large, good paying route;
substantial reasons for selling; can investi-
gate thoroughly. Address "GREGORY,"
box 210. Call office.
50% average monthly profit under our system
turf speculation; shares, $10; dividends semi-
monthly; send for circular. White & Co., 88
Pulitzer bldg.. New York. (Mention paper.)
FOR SALE — A first-class Turkish bath estab-
lishment In one of the best buildings in Port-
land, Or.; trade established. Address Virgil
Cbomer, 201 Oregonlan bldg., Portland, Or.
OUR "Compound System" shows net profit
$73 32 on each $100 during past 30 days; ex-
planation free. N. S. Hand, expert handl-
capper, 804 Park Row Bldg-., New York.
A 2-CHAIR barber shop for sale; old stand;
retiring from business. Address 042 East
Main St., Stockton.
CIGAR store, best bargain In city for small
amount of money: owner sick In bed; must
sell cheap. 1016 Market St., room 10.
$500 — ROADHOUSE: the owner retiring; will
give 5 years' lease, $12 per month: great
snap. Business Board of Trade, 320 Pine st.
WANTED — A partner to engage In wholesale
liquor business: capital of $7500 needed. For
particulars apply to De B.. box 227. Call.
WANTED— Party with $2000 or $3000 to Invest
In a profitable manufacturing business. Ad-
dres box 559. Call office.
PLUMBING, gas fitting; good business; store
trade; going away; snap; In Berkeley. Box
555. Call office.
FOR SALE— Bakery; brick oven; 5 rooms;
French range. 714 Valencia et.
FOR SALE — New Invention; burglar proof sash
lock. Address box 276, San Mateo. Cal.
PAYING candy business, with large Ice cream
trade; a bargain. Box 544, Call office.
BUSINESS for you; $50 to $500 start you in
exclusive business. Box 207, Call office.
CANDY and ice cream store, 1894 Folsom.
. must be sold; 3 living- rooms; rent $15.
SHERWOOD, 5, near Third and Mission— 5
stalls for horses; and office house. ,
$850; worth $1000 — Lodging-house of 18 rooms-
gas. and bath; all op one floor; furniture oak-
rent $55; two entrances. 805% Howard st.'
and 202% Fourth St.; owner leaving city.
Apply Mrs.- Krause. No agents.
WANTED — A lady or a gentleman who under-
stands the. florist business. Must have a
I email capital. 000 Halght street.
SAN FRANCISCO CALI*.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every right in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES — 527 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
300 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
«33 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
315 Larkin ttreet: ooen until 9:30 p. m.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 p. in.
106 Eleventh street; epen until 9 p. «»•
1096 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
2200 Flllmore street; open until 9 p. m.
CHURCH SERVICES.
CENTRAL Church. Mission St.. between Sixth
and Seventh — Pastors. Arthur H. Brlggs and
Herbert F. Bridge. 11 a. m. service and
termon. topic. "The Ministry of Sorrow";
offertory solo. "The Prayer' (Tosti). F. \V.
Snook. 12:45 p m.. Sunday school. Rolla
V. Watt, superintendent. 3 p. m., Santa Cruz.
'02. rally of Golden Gate Union of Christian
Endeavor. Addresses by Dr. Rader and
State officers. C:15 p. to... societies of Chris-
tian Endeavor. 7:30 p. m.. memorial pralsa
service. The programme includes medley on
national airs (Beyer), orchestra; memorial
hymn. "To-day the Hallowed Place Wo
Se€k," quartet; solo and chorus. "Just lie-
fore the Battle. Mother." Mrs. Cramer and
c-hoir; vocal solo. "The Ok' Guard," Louis
"William \\'e<?r; violin solo, adagio cantabile
'.Haydn). Charles E. Robson; male quartet,
"We Shaii Meet"; vocal solo. "The Star-
Spangled Banr.er." Mrs. Cramer. S p. m..
addriss, topic. "A Vettran's Visions." Her-
bert F. Hrife'gs will preach morning and
evening. Choirmaster. Louis William Weer.
The stats are free and the people are wel-
come.
SIMPSON Memorial Methodist Episcopal
Church, corner Hayes and Buchanan sts. —
Rev. John Stephens pastor. Preaching to-
day at 11 o'clock by Rev. J. N. Beard. D.D..
president National Training School. Sunday
school at 12:45 p. m. Epworth League 'at
6:45 p. m. At the hour of the evening
service. 7:43. the regular monthly sacred
concert will be glvt-n; special solos, duets
and quartets, and an address by the Rev.
Dr. Beard. The public cordially invited.
Come early if you desire a -jood seat.
UNITARIAN Church (First), southwest corner
Geary and Franklin sts. — Rev. Bradford
I/cavitt. minister; Charles A. Murdock. super-
intendent of Sunday school. The Sunday
(school is closed. The morning service is *t
11 o'clock. Dr. David Starr Jordan of Stan-
ford University will speak. Music by choir
and chorus. H. Bretherick organist and di-
rector. All are cordially lr.vittd. There Is
no evening service.
UNITARIAN Church tSecond), corner Capp
and Twentieth sts. — Rev. E. F. Dinsmore.
minister. Sunday school at 9:45 o'clock. The
minister will preach at 11 o'clock on "God's
Temples." Prelude on "The Consumers'
League." Special music under direction of
Mr. Wertsch Jr. Adagio from Beethoven,
piano quartet: soprano solo, "In Verdure
Clad" iHyadn); duet, flute and cello. H.
Schafer and Mr. Wortsch; tenor solo, "Fear
Ye Not. O Israel" (Dudley Buck). C. Ernest
Edwards. Music by choir and orchestra. The
church will be closed during the rest of
June, but the minister's services can be se-
cured by calling at his residence.
FIRST Presbyterian Church, corner Van Ness
ave. and Sacramento st. — Rev. William Kirk
Guthrie, pastor. Morning service at 11; ser- i
mon by Rev. Mr. Guthrie. Evening service
¦t 7:45. Lincoln, Garfield and Meade Posts
and Corps. G. A. R.. will be in attendance.
Rev. Mr. Guthrie will preach a memorial 1
sermon. Sabbath school at 12:45 p. in.
Senior Bible class, led by Mrs. Berry-Good-
vin, 1 p. m. Y. P. S. C. E. at 6:30 p. m.
Prayer meeting on Wednesday evening at 8.
All are cordially invited.
TRINITY Church, corner Bush and Gough sts.
Holy communion. 7:30 a. in. Sjnday school.
9:.';0 a. m. Morning prayer and holy com- j
munion. 11 o'clock. Sermon will be preach-
€d by Rt. Rev. Peter Rowe. D.D., Bishop of
Alaska. Evening service. 8 o'clock. People's
one-hour service. Sermon ty R«?v. Frederick
AV. Clampett, D.D.. rector. All seats free.
You are invited.
FIRST Congregational Church, corner Post and
Mason sts. — Rev. George C. Adams, D.D.,
pastor. At 11 a. m.. children's day service;
exercises by the children and sermon by the
pastor; topic, "The Kingdom Belongs to the j
Children." At -7:45 p. m. the pastor will
preach: topic. "A Nail in His Holy Place." I
All are cordially invited.
PLYMOUTH Congregational Church, Post st.,
near Webster — Rev. F. B. Cherington. D.D..
pastor. 11 a. m., communion, followed by
reception o£ members. 7:15, vesper service
forty-five minutes in length. Subject: "Giv-
ing Up What Does Not Pay." Sunday-
school, 9:30 a. m. Morris Marcus, superin-
tendent.
A GREAT, union mass-meeting this Sunday
afternoon at the Young Wen's Christian As-
sociation, Mason and Ellis sts., for men only
will be held at 3 o'clock. The address will be !
given by Rev. F. M. Larkin, pastor Grace i
" E. Church. Subject: "The Young Man
in Training." All young men Invited.
PARISH of the Advent Christian Church, 1703
Church st, via Twenty-ninth-st. car. Serv- 1
ices at 11 a. m. and 7:30 p. m. Sunday- I
school at 10 a. m. Sermon at 11 a. m. by
P. B. Morgan. Topic: "The Gospel De-
fined."
FIRST Church of Christ, Scientist. Central '
block. 223 Sutter st.. between Kearny and
Grant ave. — Christian Science service at 11
a. m. ; subject of lesson sermon, "God the
Only Cause and Creator." Sunday-school for
children at the same hour. Wednesday even-
ing meeting at 8 o'clock. Free reading-
rooms, 206 Kearny st., rooms 509-510. All
are welcome.
BENJAMIN FAY MILLS will deliver a lecture
under the auspices of the Unity Club. Sub-
ject: "Can We Have a Universal Religion?"
at Golden Gate Hall to-night. Emily Conk-
lin Lucey will render solos. All seats free.
HERMETIC Brotherhood open meetings are
held regularly every Thursday evening, 509
Van Ness ave.. at 8 o'clock. We believe the
only perfect harmony is the love that is
God's. Our tenet is the power of the silence
to seek for knowledse. All are welcome.
THE Theosophical Society (Colonel H. S. Olcott,
president and founder) — Pacific Coast head-
quarters. Odd Fellows' building. Public lec-
ture to-night at 8 p. m. by Dr. Jerome A.
Anderson. Subject, "Get Thee Behind Me.
Satan." Lending library open daily from 1
to 4 p. m.
THE Theosophical Society — Golden Gate Lodge
free popular lectures every Sunday at 8 p.
m.. Flood building. 809 Market st. Subject
to-night, "Brain Centers." by Miss Marie A.
Walsh. Good music. Bible class Sundays
at 11 a. m. Inquirers' meeting Thursdays,
2:30 p. m. Theosophic discussion meeting
Saturdays. S p. m. Free lending library and
reading room open daily, 1 to 4 p. m.
MEETINGS SUNDAY.
AA— DR. J. DEPEW KERGAN'S free lecture
this evening. Crystal Hall, Pythian Castle,
003 Market et. Subject, "Consumption:
Cause, Prevention, Cure," followed by magni-
ficent view of lessons in temperance; free
tickets will be distributed for X-Ray exhibi-
tion at Sanitarium Tuesday evening. Remem-
ber tlie Question Box. Special music.
WALTER THOMAS MILLS will speak 2 p. m..
Metropolitan Temple. Subject. "Current Po-
litical Parties and Current Political Prob-
lems." Music by Mme. Delmara, Professor
Schoen and Brown family orchestra; free..
"WHY Marriage Is Generally a Failure" — Free
lecture. to married women only by Mrs. May
Van Auken, Illustrated by heads, faces and
hands In the audience; Monday eve. 330 Ellis
et.; doors closed 8:15.
AT 117 Larkin st. to-night. Dr. C. E. Wheeler's
inspirational spiritual church meeting; mess-
ages by prominent mediums; all invited; ad-
mission free.
EDWARD EARLE' S wonderful convincing
Klatf-writlng seance in full gaslight: "seeing
is believing"; to-night.8 o'clock.328 E111b;25c.
PROGRESSIVE Spiritualists to-night. Odd
Fellows' building. Seventh and Market sts.
Mrs. R. S. Lillie. speaker: admission free.
Bophle B. Selp, psychometrist: life reading and
fl questions answered by mall. $1 15: seance
Tues.. Frl., 2 p. m.. 25c. 251 8th St.. Oakland.
EROCKWAY'S phenomenal seance to-night.
COc; materialization and trumpet speaking.
1052 Ellis et.. bet. Franklin and Gough.
TESTS— 009 Market St.. rear; 11. free; 2-8.10c;
Swan. Maxwell. Hodgson, McKee, Sabllck;
lecture, Dov*. • • »
SIRS. STODDARD'S convincing test to all:
circles 10c; Sun.. Tues. ; readings daily. 278
Ninth gt.
"NOW" lecture. "Self Direction," Henry Har-
rison Brown. Odd Fellows' bldg., 8 p. m.;
tnutlc.
C. V. MILLER'S materializing seance to-night.
8 o'clock. 50c. 10S4 Bush St.; phone Larkin
4133.
W. G. KEEGAN. test seance every night except
Eautrday. 10c; elttings daily. 148 Sixth st.
MME. YOUNG'S demonstration of spirit return
to-night. 605 McAllister; 10c; come, skeptics.
SPIRITUAL tests. 809 Marked front hall; 11,
free; 2. Wilson, Case; 8. Wilson, Huessmann.
MRS. Ha.rland'» circle to-night: best tesU.
10c; trance sit tings, read.. 50c:. $1. 1S2 Sixth.
WYLLIE. photo medium, by special request a
short time longer; come, skeptics. 809 Turk.
MEETINGS — UnlvcrNal Brotherhood.
UNIVERSAL Brotherhood and Theosophical
Society <non-polit!cal and unsectarian) —
Monthly public meeting to-night. 8 o'clock,
at 310 O'Farrell St.; subject, "The Greatest
Thing en Earth." Musical selections; all in-
Vited.
¦ _SPIRITPAI<ISM— -Continue d.
K>'tiE HEUSSMANN. 1774 15th.. nr. Guer-
rero; circle Friday eve.; 25c; readings daily.
MADAME JACQUES, 1035 Market, clairvoyant,
palmist; circle, to-night, 25e; sittings daily.
MRS. WINCHESTER, 1610 Clay; circles Sun-
day, Tuesday, 8 p. m.; Tuesday afternoon.
EDWARD EARLE 328 Ellis; readings daily;
. phone Polk 1601; seance Sunday and Thurs.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Mey*.r; sittings dally; test to all to-night; 10c.
'"• ' '. • CLAIRVOYANTS. _______
professor~pXul destine,
THE FIRST MEMBER OF INDIA'S OCCULT
* COLLEGE EVER REGISTERED IN
AND FOR SAN FRANCISCO.
PAUL DESTINE, the world's greatest clair-
voyant and palmist, may be consulted daily 011
all affairs of life; Paul Destine is, beyond the
shadow of a doubt, the most scientific practic-
ing Dalmist and clairvoyant in the world to-
day; his information and advice on marriages,
divorce, separations, love and family affairs,
business' transactions, lawsuits, mining, etc.,
are accurate and truthful: he reunites the sep-
arated, restores lo«t affections, ¦ causes speedy
marriages, makes you successful In your busi-
ness; gives you eood luck; locates hidden treas-
ures and mines;, settles old estates that time
has placed beyond the lawyer's shrewdness; he
looks into your hand and tells you what alls
you and gives back your lost nerve and energy;
there is no home so sad and dreary, no heart
so forsaken and lonely, no life so hard and
blighted, that cannot be set right, and kept
right, after a visit to this inspired' man ot
modern times: no matter what trouble you
may have, call and he will help you, or charge
nothing for his services; "mediums developed";
I readings by mail; fee within reach ot all.
326 O'FARRELL ST.^ 326.
STRANGE POWERS. • W
ORIENTAL CLAIRVOYANT AND PALMIST.
LYONS. LYONS. LYONS. '
Thousands ' have' ¦ consulted her. miraculous
powers during the past week, and .their testi-
mony Is a living witness to the soundness of
her advice. Valuable mines have been locate-1
through her Interpretation of dreams. . MME.
LYONS, the Oriental seeress, reunites families,
aids despondent, lovers and gives you a mes-
meric handkerchief, gives you spirit pictures o£
j your friends or relatives, the mightiest medium
! of- the many mediums gives advice insuring
business success as well as domestic happiness,
speculation, investment, love, courtship, mar-
riage and divorce, and causes speedy marriages
with th'e one you love. All you who have been
humbugged by pretenders, don't give 'up In de-
spair, for MME. LYONS is the most reliable of
all the so-called clairvoyants. Consult her ere '
the star of your destiny declines before the j
darkness of despair. Her Oriental charms are !
proof against all evil influences: secure one to-
day — 50 cents, 50 cents, 50 cents. 50 cents.
Letters with stamp answered. Cut this out,
as It does not appear daily.
MME. J. J. LYONS,
.) 1016 Market st.. 1016; also. 11 Eddy st.
Remember the address.
A— ISMAR. THE GYPSY.
. 1104 Market st.; corner Turk.;
Ismar, the Egyptian Gyusy, draws aside the
uncertain years • ahead; happiness and success
go hand In hand, yet hundreds fail where suc-
cess is possible were it not for the lack of fore-
sight into the future; if you are In trouble of
any kind, discontented, unhappy or not satisfied
I In life, consult Ismar, for she is a prophetess of
world-wide fame, and her name has become a
proverb in thousands of homes made happy by
her aid and advice. Ismar can be consulted
daily from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m. : Sundays from
10 to 12 a. m., at her office, 1104 Market St.,
corner Turk. .... ¦ . ¦
-SPECIAL— 'Ismar' s readings by mail ar*
fully as satisfactory as those given in person;
three questions answered^ $1 : ' full life reading,
$5. Send date and year of birth.
MME. M. BERNARD, V
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and buntnesa medium, permanently
located at 17 Third st., next Examiner bids.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accurate
description of the cast, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur in the fu-
ture. If you are In trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domestic,
love or business troubles, consult this grrat me-
dium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life; 25c
up; satisfaction cuaranteed. Tel. Black 4569.
SPECIAL — 25c readings, one week; first visit
1 to your city; clairvoyant, palmist, astrologlst.
card and trance' reader; this medium has no
equal In telling past, present, future; gives
names, dates and facts; tells what you came
for without you saying- a word; who and
when you will marry, with proper advice;
evil influence Is removed; separated united;
happy and speedy marrlape to your choice
In 9 days; teaches occult science; (jives satis-
faction or no pay: hours 10 to 8 daily and
Sunday. Parlors 1010 Mission st.. nr. Sixth.
A — ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1104 Market St.,
cor. Turk: private readings daily. 10 a. m. to
5 p. m. ; readings by mail as satisfactory as
In person; 3 questions answered, $1; full life
. - $5: send lock of hair, date and year, of birth.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil — second sight;
diagnoses diseases with life reading iladiesoOc,
gents$l; palm, and clalr. sit. $1 50. 126- Turk.
25c — A $1 reading this week only for 25c; ad-
vice on love and all business affairs. MME.
J. J. LYONS. 1016 Market, rooms 8 and 0.
YOUR fortune told from cradle to grave. What
I tell- comes true; send dfm<? and birth date.
PROF. J. MYERS. P. O. box 2224. San Fran.
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium, permanently located at 1206 Market
st., cor. Golden Gate ave.. rooms 25 and 26..
MISS M. WILLE. 514 Taylor st., clairvoyant,
crystal seer; reads your life correctly without
questions: full names ;50c-$l:10 a.m. to 8 p.m.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice;' names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader; la, 25c;
gents 50c. p51 Mission. nearJHh; open Sun.
Mrs. Reynolds, the noted life reader, elves full
life readings for $1. 1008% Market, op. 5th.
MRS. HOUSER. wonderful medium; truth or
no pay; full life readings 60c. 704 Howard.
LINCOLN — Clairvoyant and high psychiat;
hours 11 to 3; readings by mall. 125 Turk st.
Mme. Marceau. card reader & clairvoyant; la.
•'& gents 25c. 1601 Mission; 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant card reader; ladles
25c; gents 50c: readings dally. 132 Slxtlj st.
CARPET IIEATIXG AND CLEAXIXO.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 353-357 Tehama st. ; tel. South 40.
IMPROVED carpet-cleaning for particular peo-
ple. A. G. Klelnert. 1512 Polk; tel. East 725.
Karlson Karpet Co — Cleaning 3Vfcc yd;upholster-
Ing. 1213 Market.bet.8th&0th;tel.Howard 2912.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
re«sonable.»1703 Harrison st. ; tel. Mission 263.
MODERN Co.; lowest rates for machine clean-
ing. Phone Mint 301. Office 923 Mission st.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, Mgr.. 38-40 8th st. ; tel. South 250.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works,
333 Golden Gate ave.: telephone East 120.
J, E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning and ; Reno-
vatlngCo.. 240 14th ft.; teL Mission 74.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency — No charge
unless successful. Room 310. 027 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
SUNNY cottage, 3 rooms, bath; front and back
yards; large basement; rent reasonable. 3874
Seventeenth st.
$16 — SUNNY cottage; 5 rooms; large basement;
yard. 137 Dolores st.. near Fifteenth.
"jBENTISTS^ % £
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Market, con
4th. r. 7, Flood bldg. : extractions done pain-
lessly; teeth without plates our specialty; gold
crowns $3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50
up; office hours. 9 a. m. to u p. m. ; -Sundays,
8 to 2. J.-W. THATCHER, D.D.S.. Manager.
EASY Dental Parlors. 6 Turk st., cor. Mason—
Kxpert painless extractors; skilled operators;
gas. given; lady attendant. R. C. ANDER-
SON. D.D.S.. proprietor and manager.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crowns. $3 50; fillings. 50c;
plates. $5. full set; all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st.
PATHS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Full set of teeth, $4;. crowns, $3; fillings, 50c..
SET of teeth, without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1841. Polk st. \
CHEAP; must be sold; roadhouse In good run-
ning order; parties going away. -,. Inquire' at
Call office. - " *
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery Schocl
fits puDils'for business; we teach everything
from basting to finishing and present pupils
with our famous drafting machine; 2 weeks
in sewing dept. free to those entering before
June 13; latest patterns cut. 1019 Market.
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School;
corset-making taught; patterns cut. 1010 Mkt.
• EXCHANGE. ; '
FOR sale or exchange for S. .F. paying prop-
erty, one of the finest ranches In Sonoma
Valley. Address R. CLARK, Agua Callente,
Sonoma Valley, Cal.
FINANCIAL.
COMPANIES Incorporated and financed; stock
. and bond issues guaranteed, underwritten and
sold; stock accepted for. services. Send for
Pacific States .Investor. PACIFIC STATES
MINING AND INVESTMENT CO.. 326 Post.
PPSIXESS CHAyCBS— -Contlnngd.
A— JOSEPH STRAUB.'. 850 Market st.
Restaurant in the vicinity of Stockton and
O'Farrell sts., doing a very large business;
fine opportunity. • * ¦ * Hotel with bar-
room. In best part of city; clears over $400 a
month; owner selling on account of sickness.
• * * Saloon near the Chronicle bldg.: fine
day and night trade; lease. • • • Partner
for the enlargement of a good paying tan- ,
nery. • • • Grocery and bar, south, or
Market st.; rent $45; average receipts $-0.
• ? • Restaurant in residence part of city; ;
elegant opportunity for man and wife. *
Saloon on Third St.; price $1COO; lease. •
Country peddling outfit; owner retiring and
will sell for actual cost. • * • Grocery
and bar. north of Market st.; fine corner;
cheap rent. • ? • Party to invest $5000 In
a good paying manufacturing business. •
Butcher shop, with horse and wagon, ice-
house, etc.; a bargain, on account of depart-
ure. » • * Restaurant near Mission st. ;
owner going north and will sell cheap: rent
— $15 • • • For particulars call on JOSEPH.
STRAUB, 850 Market st. :
PARTNER wanted with small amount of
money to take interest in old established real
estate business; splendid opportunity; steady
man. Calif. Business Assn., 865 & Market.
HOTEL, 120 rooms; fine bar trade; clears $1000
a month. Calif. Business Assn., 865 Vi Market.
A PATRON invested $100 with us; his average
dividends were $5 17 a week; in less than
five months he had drawn as much In divi-
dends as his principal; why not do the same
yourself? We guarantee you against loss;
dividends are paid every Monday; we have
been doing: business for years, and never a
loss; we accept accounts as low as $10; divi-
dend tor week ending May 31, $5 04; write
or call for interesting literature. AMERI- J
CAN CO-OPERATIVE ASSOCIATION, suite
615, Emma Spreckels building.
GENTLEMAN or lady who can reach people
with money to invest in a company owning
a mountain of low-grade, gold-bearing ore
superior to Treadwell mine of Alaska; divi-
dends will run lifetime beginning 3 months
after mill starts. If you wish, to represent
or Invest in a paying proposition address
room 412, Parrott blclg., San Francisco. Cal.
$750— WHOLESALE and retail store and
manufacturing business; owner practical \
workman; wants partner to assist in store
and attend to packing, shipping, etc.: duties
easily acquired. DONNELLY CO.,632 Mark't.
ESTABLISHED. 1S9«! INCORPORATED 1001.
.Handsome dividends paid weekly; sare, sure,
legitimate. Send for sworn affidavit and In-
teresting literature. CO-OPERATIVE INVEST-
MENT ASS'N (Inc.). 557 Parrott building, ban
Francisco, y .¦:-- "¦-¦'-¦. .
•10.000— CONTROLLING interest in old estab-
lished local business; paying well: no pre-
vious knowledge required; will bear close in-
vestigation; assets alone worth $20,000. Box
538, Call office. ; ¦
RESTAURANT; biggest bargain city; must be
sold to-day. 11 Mason ct. ; ¦ '
Store with large basement, below Kearny, suit-
able. for bowling, games; lease. C36 Clay, r. 1.
ROUTE in Western Addition; building up dis-
trict; reasonable. Box 1792. Call.
FOR SALE— $400; cigar stand; billiard room;
owner leaving State; must sell; clears $S0 j
month: full examination permitted. Box
4S5. Call office.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALK._
BARGAINS and many choice investments in
first-clafB lodgttiK and boarding houses at all
times: bona nde buyers are welcome to In-
spection; kindly call at office.
G. W. SCHWEINHARD,
017 Market et.. bet. 5th and 6th.
Phone- M'nt 1011.
At—. .......... LODGING-HOUSES
The Shriners and Knights are coming.
But the following bargains are at hand and
offered by me, with a guarantee of general
satisfaction. /
No. 1 — 10 rooms; fine sunny corner; bay-
window house; rent <125; apartments; snap
$2500
No. 2 — 23 rqoms; sunny corner; rent $56; good
furnishings . . *>l700
Xo. 3 — 21 rooms; well furnished; rent $85
, $ 1 300
No. 4 — 42 rooms; fine corner; good furnish-
ings $4000
No. 5 — 37 rooms; rent $00; mixed furniture
$2000
No. 0 — U rooms; good furniture; genuine bar-
geln •• $600
1 have houses to suit the masses. The rich
and poor command same consideration. Gen-
eral satisfaction guaranteed to all. ¦ Before
buying call
G. W. SCHWEINHARD,
917 Market St., bet. 5th and 6th sts.
Phone Mint 1911.
8 ROOMS; $25 cash, balance monthly $200
20 rooms; clears $60 200
18 rooms; Just listed 630
12 rooms; snap 450
30 rooms; clears $250; Investigate 3200
20 rooms; north Market; clears $100 1300
100 rooms; clears $600 0500
40 rooms; $1000 cash, balance monthly.. 2200
A. H. RETSLOFF, phone John 531.
906 Market, cor. Ellis (upstairs, rooms 7-S).
REDUCED to $1075; 14 rooms, furnished ele-
gantly; $350 cash, bal. monthly payments.
RESTLOFF, 906 Market St.
$S50 — 25 ROOMS; a good-paying Investment
for right party. See Retsloff. 906 Market st.
WINSTON & WOLF
1026 Market Street.
5 rooms; rent $25; price $350, including
piano and sewing machine; part cash; see It.
.62 rooms; rent only $30; price $1500; $60C
cash, balance payments; interest 5 per cent
per annum.
22 rooms; rent $65; new furniture and car-
pets; price $1600; investigate this house.
39 -rooms; rent $80; central and a money-
maker; price $1850.
WINSTON & WOLF. 1026 Market st.
MARION GRIFFIN, 710 Market, nr. Call bldg.
See-^these — sample's — we — have — 471 — otheis.
9 r.'; owner sick bed; all men roomers. .$250
80 r. ; a popular corner; money-maker.. $2600
50 r. ; a splendid corner; house full of nice
people and' fine furniture; 27 bay-win. $4000
25 r. ; rent $35; clean; hsekpg; in. $97..$1500
19 r. ; 5 blocks n. of Market; thoroughly nice
and respectable; sunny side St.; rent only
$75; good furniture; elegant folding beds;
terms $S0O cash, $500 at 7 per cent.. $1300
17 r. ; trn.; clears $81; n. Mkt.; cor.; $45.$85C
MITCHELL & HORNLEIN, 1206 Market st.
We have rooming-houses of all sizes and
prices, in all parts of the city.
11 rooms; good location; Al furnished. .$S30
20 rooms; sunny; good renter 050
8 rooms; sunny flat; corner 200
I 1 rooms ; downtown ; good 700
18 rooms; rent $37 50; make offer 900
Money loaned at 1*6 per cent per month. '
LODGING-HOUSE, 20 rooms; rent $05; price
$800; terms. Morrison & Co., 26 Mont., r. 4.
MORTGAGED lodging-house; sell at bacriflce.
MORRISON & CO.. 26 Montgomery, room 4.
TRANSIENT lodging-house, furnished in oak.
carpets all Brussels, entire furniture goes;
$200 secures It. Apply to my agent, MOR-
RISON & CO., 26 Montgomery st.. room 4.
DONALD INVESTMENT COMPANY, '¦¦
850 Market st. — (Inc.). . .Phone Davis 281.
1 Reliable dealers In rooming-houses, hotels,
business chances and real estate.
We furnish vacant houses and
. ; Loan money at lowest rates.
Something new every day.
New houses to lease.
100 ROOMS; country transient; low rent.. $6500
300 rooms; corner house; for men 5000
III rooms; sunny corner; fine location... 1500
14 rooms; rent very low; bargain 600
40 rooms; man house; rent $45; bargain. 700
Money loaned at 1 per cent.
Hotels, roadhouses, flats, 5 to 200 rooms
EITEL & CARROLL. 1032 Market st.
A. CAMF.RON & CO.. " ~
850 Market et. and 8 Stockton st.
Rooms 21, 22. 23. Phone Bush 328.
If you have hotels, rooming-houses or business
to sell, list with us; buyers, call; we can suit
you; have bargains in hotels, lodging-houses,
fiats, all sizes and prices; In all parts of city.
Money loaned, 1% per cent.
BUY your houses direct from a furniture dealer
' on easy payments.
10 rooms; clears $40 ; $500
It rooms;, clears $30 $350
• 8 rooms;; clears $30 .....<. $300
And other bargains. 842 Howard 6t.
FLAT, 6 rooms: nicely furnished: all new; only
few doors from' Market st. ; rent $30 per mo.;,
will sell reasonable If taken at once. 11
Sixth St.: no scents.
A' SNAP; 37 room?: lodglnR-house; good loca-
tion: rent only *50; price $1500; no transient
McBRIDE & CO.. 765 Market st.
75 ROOMS; best paying transient Kearny-st.
lodgine-house; 3 years' lease; no agents. Box
222. Call office. - \ ¦,-'_.
FOR sale — Fine location. 27 rooms, elegant car-
pets and furniture; low rent; long lease. In-
quire 217 Post st. ;
FOR SALE — Lodgirifr-bouse of 11 rooms; tran-
sltnt. 20S O'Farrell st. .
SPIRITUALISM.
A — PHENOMENAL seance to-night. W)c; Mon-
day and Tuesday, nights,- Brockway, re-»
nowned medium for materialization, trumpet
speaking and slate writing-. 1052 Ellis st. |
PROF. HOLTMAN. medium and gifted healer;
all diseases cured by his marvelous astro-
ptychic power; advlco free. 1228 Market st.
MRS.J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium;
life reader; medical clairvoyant: sittings $1;
letfrr |2. 1164 O'Farrell st.; Ellis car,
SCIENCE, phrenology and palmistry every
night, 25c: Monday and Thursday, free to
poor. A. G. -SABLICK, 86 Ninth st.
Mrs; Seal, spiritual and bus.' medium;' tobacco
habit cured or no pay. Avondale, 1424 Market.
HELP iVANTEp-— MALE— -Con.
MURRAY & READY .034-636 Clay. st.
Pho.n Main 58 tS.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
SPECIAL TO-DAY
... SUNDAY
....Office Open To-Day (Sunday) 8 a, m.ej
Railroad men shipped to-day >JT
For Nevada and Sa.lt Lake Division
Reno. Vista. Clark, Wadsworth, Dltha, Elko,
Kokeby, Moleen, Iron Point, Battle Mountain,
Arizona, free fare •
7tf> teamsters, $2 to $2 2->..S rockmen. $2 50
FOR NEVADA
330 laborers, $2 4C0 concrete laborers
S. p. R. R. — Free Pass
78 car dumpers .....'10 plow holders
Free — S. L. Division
10O drillers. $2 25 Carpenters' helpers
Office open to-day (Sunday)
Arizona Free far*
Teamsters for Arizona. R. R. work; 2 camp
blacksmiths. R. R. work...'
Get one of our daily Iist3
Free.... Santa Fe Co Fa-9
50 laborers for the Santa Fe Co.'s own work,
ballasting, track and other gangs, ahip daily,
MECHANICAL HELP
Machinist, country shop, good place, stea.iv,
$3 50 day; blacksmith, near city, no sho».
lrg. $2 50 to $3 day: fireman, factory, city.
$2 50 day; blacksmith, sawmill, $45 and
found; 2 brick molders. mine companv;
painter for factory, country, steady job. $.;
day; 2 lead burners, chemical works, $,: m
day •¦
Camp blacksmith, near city, $73; 10 other
blacksmiths; 0 blacksmiths' helpers; hor.^e-
shoer, $2 50 to $3 day; brick burner. $z 50
day; machinist, city; 10 carpenters; molder,
brass, city
Get Our Daily Lists
LABORERS
5 laborers, factory, $175 day; 4 laborers for
brick yard, $30 and found: 25 laborers, com-
pany work. city. $2 day; 10 laborers, manu-
facturing Co., near city. $34 and found; :.<>
laborers, different quarries. $2 day and $4>i
and found; 279 laborers, city and counv-v.
jobs, J big wages j
MINES f.
3 miners, gold mine, fare $2 50, $73; 7 minerfc,
S hours, $3 day; 3 miners, shaft work; 10
miners, quartz mine, $2 75 day; 3 minors,
cinnabar mine, $75; 7 muckers, good mir;e,
$35 and found; 25 laborers, no experience :-.
quired, to work in mines, you'll suit, wases
$40 to $52 and found; 2 furnace men. quick-
silver mine, $75
List of Jobs Issued Daily
YOUR FARE IS PAID
- TO THE SAWMILLS
WOOD AND LUMBER YARDS
247 men to work in 53 different mills, yards
and woods, don't need any experience, work
Is to pile lumber, work in mlll3, learn to run
machines and make yourself generally useful,
wages $30, $35, $40, $45 and found, you'll suit
We Pay the Fare
5 crosscut sawyers; 12 barkers; 9 chain tend-
ers, $45 and found; IS jack screwers, $45 and
found; 3 setters, sawmill, $00; 10 lumber
graders, $75; 40 lumber pliers, $45 and found;
drag sawyer, $73
MISCELLANEOUS
Milk wagon driver, small route. $25 ami
found; stableman, country stable, $35 and
found: stableman. «outh, $35 and found: 10
stablemen, other Jobs; German laborer, ware-
house, city, $60; young man to care for
horses, $20 and found: boy for stables, $3 a
week; coachman, private place, $30 anrl
found found: man to drive coal wagon, city:
old man to work anarad Institution, $10 and
found; 10 teamsters, city: 5 scraper holders.
city, $60; can-washer, city dairy, $'i0 and
found; young man to care for horses, $20 and
found; choreman for dairy
Our lists are ready at 7 a. m. daily. Call
and ret one
FARMS DAIRIES
. . HAY FIELDS HARVEST FIELDS
FRUIT PICKERS
279 men to work in hay fields and harvest
fields, run mowers and rakes, wages $1 25.
$1 50 and $40 and found
25 haymakers, fare $1 $40 and found
3fi3 farmers, good steady jobs. $26 to *35 & f &,
26 teamsters for ranches $30 and $35 & it
30 orchard and fruit farm hands, $26 and $39
and found
10 men to pick and pack fruit. .$30 and found
6 men and boys to pick and pack asparagus.
fare 75c. $20 and found: 15 choremen, ranches
and private places, $20. $25 and $30 anil
found : 20 choreboys, . ranches, country, $20
and $15 and found: 67 milkers, sood. steady
Jobs. $35 to $40 and found; 3 butter-makers,
cheese maker; 3 farmers and wives. $40. $45
and $50 and found
You can select your own Job by reading our
dally lists
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
COOKS CAMP COOKS. . .RANCH C00K3
WAITERS BAKERS
Cook, 5 men. hay press, see bess here to-day
(Sunday), $25 and found: cook for dredger.
good job. $30 and found; camp cook. $30 and
ft>und; 17 cooks, hotels and restaurants; cook,
small resort. Nevada, fare paid, see boss
here. $45 and found; cook, small restaurant.
$12 a week; baker on cakes. $15 to $20 a
week: 3 bakers, country: 3 bakers' helpers; 2
•butchers; 10 waiters; 27 kitchen hands; 11
dishwashers. .
MURRAY & READY, 634-638 Clay st.
WANTED by Master Plasters' Association— •
Union lathers. $2 50 per M. Box IS. Build-
ers' Exchange. lllO'.i Broadway, Oakland.
FIRST-CLASS solicitor for laundry; references.
Box 558. Call office.
WANTED — A grocery and bar clerk; age and
references. Box 201. Call office.
BARBERS. 2-chair shop for sale with living
room. 410 Geary st.
BARBERS. 4-chalr shop for sale; first-class.
Apply WILL & FINCK. 21 O'Farrell st.
WANTED — Capable young man as porter and
packer. L. SAMTER & SON. 518 Market st.
PANTSMAKERS to take work out. 541 Mar-
ket st., upstairs.
CUTTER on tailoring who understands country
orders. 541 Market st.
BOY wanted t6 learn trade. THE FINK "&
SCHINDLER CO.. 1309 Market st. \
WOODWORKER wanted on buggies; stead-*
work. 1504 Fotsom st. m
WANTED— Men for light work on fruit. 17uf
Folsom. st.
GOOD dishwasher at 1201 Flllmore st; $3 per
week. I
YOUNG~man to learn glove finishing, $4 per
week to start. Carson Glove Co.. 35 Market.
WANTED — A good bushelman. S N. WOO'
' & CO.. 718 Market st.
CIVIL Service Government Posltlonii — 0880 a'p-
polntrsents last year; probbaly 10.0C0 this
year; only common school education required
for examination: catalogue information free.
Columbian Correspondence College. Wash. D.C.
Engineers, firemen, machinists, electricians-
New 40-page pamphlet containing questions
, asked by Examining Board Engineers; sent
free. Geo. Zeller. Publisher, St. Louis. Mo.
LEARN proofreadlngr sits, secured. $15 to $23
wky. Home Correspondence School. Phila.
Wanted — Trustworthy person in each county to
manage business established house solid finan-
cial standing; bona fide weekly cash salary:
$1S paid each Wed., with all expenses, direct
from headquarters; money advanced for ex-
penses. Manager. 359 Caxton bldg.. Chicago.
WANTED — Lady or gentleman who under-
stands the florist business; must have small
capital. Apply 500 Halght.
WANTED — Salesman for retail tea and coffee
business: one experienced in selling groceries
and crockery preferred: steady position to
right party. Box 481. Call office.
CLERK for grocery store: experienced man
only. NW. cor. Fulton and Webster sts.
WANTED — A No. 1 all around tailors: $18 and
$20 per week. Apply or come at once, N.
DAVIS, Truckee. Cal.
WANTED — Recruits for the marine corps. V.
8. navy; ablebodled. unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than 5 feet 4 Inches and not over 6 feet 1
Inch; able to speak and read English. For
further Information apply at the Recruiting
Office. 40 Ellis St.. San Francisco*
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to uno*
that Ed Rolkin. Reno Houso proprietor, still
runs Denver Houae. 217 Third st. : 130 larga
rooms; 25c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
•WANTED — 2 young men; good refereaR^l I
hours 6 to 12 p. m.; apply by letter ftt'.-J
BACIGALUPI. 840 Market at. jtJ!
A GENTLEMAN of Indomitable energy and
push; good opportunity for right man. F.
PERSON, room 412. Parrott tmlldlnr
WANTED— Experienced solicitors ft» Oakland;
salary and commission. 810 Sa;: P-tblo ave.
BOYS wanted. Apply California barrel Fac-
j tory. Twenty-second and nr.nois_sta.
WANTED— An all-round Jeweler. Apply J. N.
PHILLIPS. 627 J St.. Sacramento^ I
WANTED— Boy for wholesale house: chance to:
advance. Box '1745. Call offlce : ____ j
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly .Jimai^d. hal* .
price. 563 Mission St.. bet. 1st and -a ala - r *
•WANTED— Young men to learn Mrber trade.
S. F. Barber College. 741A lh>*j™ st -
2000 PAIRS of new and secor. !-i'an>! shoes for
sale cheap. McDONALD & I^KRI— -— —
PENSION atty.. E. A Bullls. room 40. PneUri -
big. Past Com. Geo.H. ThonTaaJ^- i».A.t>.
SCO MEN to buy new an.l 2rt-rmn.t army shoes.
_50o vp; soling 20c up. 923 Howard jt.. nr. om.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Europe and
Australia. HERMAN'S, -ti St'-uarc ai.
GET your shoos half-soled "while *^*£Si**
to 50c. B63 Mission st.. bet, la^and id sts. _
WINCHESTER House. 4t Third st.. near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms. 25c night; r^lins-rooms. fre a
'bus and baggage to and (rom J^Ti^ .
A ERANCH office for Call advertlwmenta awl
subscriptions has been established at iw*o
Valencia st. -
For Employment Wanted, Etc., Sea
Page Thirty-Eight.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 1, 1902.
37
REAL ESTATEr— CITY— FOR SALE.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
<j3S MARKET ST.
AUCTION.'
. AUCTION.. .
TUESDAY. ...;.. . ; . .June 3, 1902
At our salesroom, 638 Market et.'. ' ' ¦
At 12 o'clock noon.
MISSION BUSINESS CORNER.
Southwest earner of 17th and Church sts. —
Two stores, with 2 and 4 rooms, renting for
$480 per annum; mortgage $5000 can remain at
U per cent; lot 55:6x100 feet.
ALSO.
South side (Nos 3711-3713-3715-3717) Seven-
teenth st. 55:6 feet west of Church st— Four
modern flats of 5, 5, 6, 6 rooms and bath each,
renting for $S28 per annum; mortgage of $3a00
can remain at 0 per cent; lot 44:6x100 feet.
CALIFORNIA ST. IMPROVED PROPERTY.
North line (Nos 1448-1450) California st. 30
feet east of Larkin — Two two-story houses of
6 rooms, bath and basement and store; present
income *7y*J per annum; lot 40x70 feet;
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT.
Northeast side (Nos 219 to 225) Langton st.,
225 feet southeast of Harrison— Four front
I houses of 4 rooms each and three rear houses
I of 4, 3, 3 rooms in good condition and renting
for $6Si per annum; lot 50x80 feet'
MISSION WARM BELT INVESTMENT.
North side (Nos. 3422-3424) 19th st. 105 feet
west of Mission— Two nice well built houses of
I 0 rooms and bath, with separate basements:
present income $42 per month.
WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE.
South side <N*o. 825) Haight st, 125 feet west
of Devisadero — An imposing well-built resi-
dence, 7 rooms, bath ar.d basement; cement
walk; lot 25x137:6 feet '
TWENTY-SIXTH ST. HOME SITE.
South side of 26th st. 216:3% feet west of
Castro — A fine lot, only a short distance from
Castro Et. cars; sewered and macadamized; lot
38:2-4x114 feet.
BROADWAY PROPERTY.
North line (No.. 1080) Broadway, 44 feet
I east of Jones — A two-story house of 9 rooms
and bath, renting for $500 per annum; mag-
nificent view; lot 23:6x77:6 feet.
WESTERN ADDITION IMPROVED PROP-
ERTY.
West line (No. 1415) Lyon st.. 87:6 feet south
of Sutter — A two-story houpe, 8 rooms and
: bath; desirably located; lot 25x119:6 feet.
UNION ST. LOTS.
South line of Union st. 137:6 feet east of
Baker— Four fine large building lots, 27:6x137:6
feet each.
MISSION BUILDING LOTS.
Six fine building: lots on the north Hi"! of
27th st. 160 feet east of Noe — Two of 25xlli
feet, three of 26:8x114 feet and one of 30x11 1
feet; also nine large lots on the south line of
Army st. 236 feet east -of Noe. 26:Sxll4 feet
each.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.,
- 638 Market tt
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
638 MARKET STREET.
$8,200 — A business corner in one of the best
portions of the Mission; substantial
well-built Improvements, containing 3
stores and 2 flats on a northwest cor-
ner; rents for $1068 per annum.
$500 cash, maybe- less, balance same as
rent: a handsome cottage of 4 rooms
and bath on the north side of street,
near 26th and Castro sts. ; price $1750.
$500 cash, balance same as rent; house of 8
rooms, bath and conservatory, etc.;
near Golden Gate Park; lot 25x140;
price $4000.
The following properties are owned
by estates which are extremely
anxious to make quick sales.
$25*,000 — Make offer: 3 houses and 4 flats; Vent-
ing for $1872 p%r annum; on north side
of street; key lot from Van Ness ave.;
2 blocks from the City Hall; lot 55x
120 feet to tlie rear street
$5,500 — Modern up-to-date residence of 9
rooms and finished basement; modern
sanitary plumbing, porcelain tubs,
etc.; handsome mantels; premises in
first-class condition; on north side of
Page St., near Lyonr lot 25x95 feet
$4,500 — Stevenson St., bet. 3d and 4th: pres-
ent Improvements rent " for $510 per
annum; lot 20x70 feet; similar prop-
erty In this block has sold within the
last month for ?323 per front foot .
$7,e25— 4th St.,* near Harrison; 3-story bulld-
' ing. renting for $900 per annum; lot
I ¦ 25x75 feet.
$9,500 — Clementina st, near 2d;10 well-built
flats of 6, 5, 4 rooms; rents $1236 per.
annum.
$5200 — Shipley St., near 4th; 6 flats; rents
$672 per annum.
$7,800— Handsome sunny residence, 10 rooms
and bath; on Bush, near Broderick;
large lot 52x97 feet.
$4,250 — Corner on Sanchez st., near 18th: Im-
provements 3 cottages; lot 54:2x104 ft-
$2,250 — Choice lot on Green st, near Fillmore;
32:6x137:6 feet
$50 per front foot: Diamond st, near 18th:
' - ready for building; street sewered and
macadamized; lots 125 feet deep.
$2,600 — Rents $408 per annum: 6 flats, near
9th and Bryant sts.: Improvements are
in good condition and always rented;
property In this district is increasing
.very rapidly In value.
COZY HOMES.
We have a new list of cottages In all parts
of the city which we can sell on very easy
terms and for very low prices. If this Inter-
ests you, call and secure a list.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
038 Market street
BURNHAM & MARSH CO.,
WU 20 MONTGOMERY ST.
GOOD BUY FOR FUTURE.
$4000 will buy lot 22:9x137:6; on v Freraont
3t, a few blocks from Market; this Is a snap.
CHOICE GROCERY CORNER.
$g0O0_Rent $60; can Increase to $90; new
building; one tenant; prominent corner; great
future.
RARE OPPORTUNITY
TO SECURE A GOOD HOME.
$<?000 — House of 12 rooms and bath and large
lot 57:6x137:6; on sunny side of Lombard st;
grand marine view.
EDDY ST. NOT FAR FROM POWELL. '
$77,000— Large lot 77:6x137:6.
BUSINESS PROPERTY.
$18,500 — Grand corner on Howard, near 6th:
building alone worth the money; formerly rent-
ed for $175 a month: big money In this.
' SIXTH-ST. BARGAIN.
$6000 — Rent $45 a month; store/and flat on
Sixth st ; has a .flne future.
FORECLOSURE SALE.
$9000— Rent $64; Geary-st. lot, 60x120. with
2 frbnts; only half improved; any offer sub-
mitted; must sell.
PAYS BIG— ALWAYS RENTS.
$5500— Rent $60 CO a month; store and flat;
close to 4th and Foleom sts. ; same tenant for
6 years.
BURNHAM & MARSH CO.,
20 Montgomery st.
SPECK & CO.. 667 Market et, opp Kearny,
Real Estate Agents and Rent Collectors.
SELECTED BARGAINS. .
$67,500 — Brick building, stores and offices; lot
70x108; two frontages; rents $575 -
$50,000 — OTarrell-st corner; inside of Larkin;
70x77:0; rents $285; mortgage, $21,000,
can remain.
$35,000 — McAllister-st. corner: 85x98; good im-
provements; rents- f 220; east of La-
guna street.
S35.000 — Sanaome-st. corner: 70x130; rents $257
$30,000 — Fine business corner; 3 stores and 6
flats; building cost $25,000; lot Gb:9x
71; rents $2450 per year.
$30.000 — Geary st, near Jones; fine improve-
ments; rents $185. ¦" -
$25,000 — 70x100, and elegant residence of t 21
rooms; suitable for sanitarium' or
boarding-house; opposite plaza. •
$22,500 — North Beach gore corner; 75x110;
stores and flats: rent $215.
$20,500 — O'Farrell-st Investment: east of
Leavenworth; lot 34:4x137:6; fine site
for apartment or lodging-house
$18,000 — Ellis st, near Larkin; 2 frontages-
rents. $140. ,
$16,000 — Sansome-Rt. investment; 45-foot front-
age; want offer.
$12.500 — Three new flats; close to Park Pan-
. handle: rents C112 50.
$9,500 — Rents ?103; lot 50x80; in-
vestment.
$5,500 — Geary-st. corner: 62 feet frontage; half
of property improved; a cheap buy
$5,600— Six flats; rents $58; close to Market
and 7th; pays about 14 per cent ret
SPECK & CO., 667 Market st
J F. PLUMBE, Real Estate, 1402 Valencia st
cor 26th.— BARGAINS: . . ;' ¦-...'
$2400— Cottage, 6 rooms and bath; lot 82x100;
Twenty-sixth st.
$1350— Cottage, 6 rooms; lot 25x114; Twenty-
eeventh st,. near Dolores. . ,
$1600 — Cottage. . 4 rooms; lot 25x100; offer
wanted; Sanchez st, near Valley.
$1400 — Cottage, 4 rooms; lot 25x80; Folsom
St.. near Twenty-eighth.
$600 each — Two lots, 25x114; -Duncan st, be-
tween Sanchez and- Noe. ¦ :
$3250 — TWO flats, Hyde st, near Union; good
condition; rents (30. THE MCCARTHY CO., ,
' ! 646 Market et
REAL ESTATE — CITY — FOR SALK._
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montsomery st. . ¦ -
$35,000— McAllltter-st. corner, close to Van Ness
ave. : lot S2:tixlU0; splendid improve-
ments; always rented at $220 per
month.
5,250 — Oak fit, near Buchanan; lot 27:6x75:
2 flats of 5 and *> rooms and bath
each; rent $42 50 per month.
$12,000 — O'Farrell st., near Devisadero: 3 sep-
arate flats of 7 roorr.s and bath each;
rents $92 50 per month: let 27x137 :(>.
$S5,0C0— O'Karrell et., close to Market; 3-story
and basement frame building, contaln-
1ns store and lodgings above; rents
$145 Der month: bound to enhance in
value.
$31,000— Sutter St.; 2 modern buildings, con-
taining 3 flats each; rents $285 per
month; lot 53x137:6.
$1,100 — Cheap downtown home: Norfolk st,
near Folsom ar.d Eleventh; cottage of
three rooms; rent $S per month.
$4,500 — Castro st, near Twentieth; new mod-
ern two-story and basement- dwelling
of 7 rooms and bath; lot 25x125; terni3
can be arrane-ed.
$2,000 — Duncan st. near Church and Twenty-
eighth: cottage of 5 rooms and bath;
rent $14 per month. v
$3,250 — Twenty-third st. corner residence;
near Sanchez; house contains 8 rooms
and bath; lot 38xG5.
$3,200— San Jose ave.. corner Elizabeth st;
two-story building: ttore and 5 rooms
below; flat above of 7 rooms and bath;
rents 525 per month; lot 2Ux7O.
$o,500 — Fifteenth st., near Market; two flats
of 4 and 5 rooms and bath each; rents
$30 par month: lot 25x115.
I $4,2.'.O — Sixteenth et, near Noe; two houses cf
1 « rooms, bath and basement each;
rents $32 Der month; lot 25x115.
$6,0CK) — Twenty-second st. near Valencia: two
flats of S and 6 rooms and bath each;
rear house of 4 rooms and bath; rents
$49 per month: lot 25x114.
$8,500! — Rents $78 per month; large lq# 55xS0;
Improvements in I first-class order;
thiee stores and three upper "flats;
tplendid business corner; Bryant st,
near 7th.
$4,000— Tuo flats on Church 6t, near Twenty-
sixth; newly renovated and good ah
new; rents $32: lot 28xS0; a good bar-
gain; open Sunday for inspection.
$4,500 — Rents $48 net- month: Dore st, near
; Ninth and Harrison; street bitumin-
ized; four seriarate flats. .
$12,500 — Folsom st.. near Second; lot 25x160. to
Clementina s>t. ; brick buit^inir ana
frame tenements: rents $82 per month.
$2S,000 — Lot SOxlOO; corner on Fifth st, not
far from Market: rents $195 per
month; stores and flats.
$40.000— Full CO-vara lot on Howard st; must
be sold to close an estate; present
frame improvements rent for $£52 50
month.
$31,000 — Sixth st: let 75x00: stores and flats;
rents 52G6 per month.
$1,000 cash for two new modern elegant flats
of 5 and 6 rooms and bath each;
beautifully decorated and finished
throughout: Hyde-st. cars pass the
door; elegant marine view; rents
$52 50 per month; price $(3000; the
rents will Day your installments; full
particulars at office. . .
$4.000— Second et.. near Bryant: two flats cf
7 and 8 rooms and bath each.
$4,250— Rents $3S per mor.th; lot 25xbO; brick
building of four separate flats: Teha-
rna st. near First.
f 12,500 — Golden Gate ave., near Van Ness;
must be sold to close an estate: lot 25
xl20 through to rear street; two flats
of 7 rooms and bath each; rear cot-
tage: rents SS7 50 »er month.
$3,C00 — Corner of 9 lots; size 132:6x200, front-
Ing Golden Gate Park, on Fulton st;
a bargain.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st
GOLDEN GATE PARK LOTS.
.. Excels anything in building sites
...Your own terms; monthly installments...
..Home lots in blocks fronting G. G. Park...
17th. 18th. 19th and 20th aves., H and I sts..
..Opposite Strawberry Hill and new park..
..Entrance on H st. and 19th ave. boulevara..
Electric cars cass property
Lots and streets on official grades, ready for
building
Gas and water Plank sidewalks
Welsbach street lamps
...Superior residence* and improvements. * .
Better class of improvements
Call at once at branch office, corner H st.
and Oth ave. (open week days, Sundays and
holidays), south of Golden Gate Park; horse
and buggy at your disposal.
BALDWIN & HOWE^L,
i 10 Montgomery st.
EXECUTOR'S SALE
EXECUTOR'S SALE
EXECUTOR' S SALE
EXECUTOR'S SALE *
EXECUTOR'S SALE
EXECUTOR'S SALE
EXECUTOR'S SALE
EXECUTOR 1 S SALE
AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION.
BY ORDER OF THE
EXECUTORS OF THE
ESTATE OF
ADOLFH FCTRO. DECEASED.
THURSDAY, JVNE 5th, 1902,
AT 12 O'CLOCK NOON.
AT SALESROOM, 10 MONTGOMERY ST.
"ASHBURY HEIGHTS.
ASHBURY HEIGHTS.
ASHBURY HEIGHTS.
197 MARINE VIEW LOTS
FOR HOME SEEKERS.
BARGAIN HUNTERS
INVESTORS.
MUST BE SOLD
TO PAY DEBTS, r
SUBJECT ONLY TO
APPROVAL OF
PROBATE
THESE BEAUTIFUL
LOTS FRONT ON
ASHBURY. CLAYTON.
SIXTEENTH STS. AND
TREMONT AVE.
LOOK OUT FOR
BARGAINS.
SAN MATEO ELECTRIC CARS ALONG
AEHBURY ST. PASS THE PROPERTY.
MASONIC AVE. AND HAIGHT ST.
LINES ONLY A FEW BLOCKS DISTANT.
UNSURPASSED VIEW OF OCEAN.
PARK, GOLDEN GATE AND CITY.
TERMS CASH.
HIBERNIA^ BANK
ONE-HALF OF SELLING PRICE
TO BUYERS.
DON'T FORGET THE DATE.
THURSDAY. - .
JUNE 6th, AT 12 O'CLOCK.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
-I-: :: .-: t • 10 MONTGOMERY ST.
R D. CRANSTON & SONS,
114 MONTGOMERY ST.
$2500 — Cottage, 7 rooms and bath; cheap.
$3700— 2-story residence Cnew), ti rooms and
bath; fine view. . .-
$4000 — 7-room residence on Geary st, near
Flllciore. : --.- ¦¦•"¦
$5000 2-story house of 8 rooms and bath;
near Park.
$5000 — Golden Gate ave., near Pierce: 8
rooms and bath; 25x137:6.
$4000— Rents $37 50; 2 flats.
$5500— Two flats; rent $540; $1000 cash, bal-
ance $45 per month.
$(,000 — Two fine flats: rent $000.
$7500 6 and 7 rooms; rents $810.
$14,(300 — 3 new flats of 8 rooms; rent $150 per
mor.th; key lot
$21 "00 — Beautiful home of 11 rooms; Inside
of Hyde St.; lot 30x137:6.
$X«uO — Lot 30x85: flne view: near Park.
• 1700 — Sacramento st; lot 23x107:7%.
$2100 each — 2 lots. 27:0x100; north side; 'ma-
rine vi»w; near Fillmore st.
$2250— North side Fulton st: 25x137:6.
$0000 — 30x112 :B; northeast corner on Haight
sf bituminized streets; cement sidewalks. ¦
S75OO — 80x1 CO; corper In Panhandle.
$30,000— Corner Post and Fillmore; 4 lots.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS. '
No one can beat our offerings.
$500 to $1000 — Graded Sunset lots; $10
monthly. _^^_
$100 to $450— Ocean Boulevard lots; $3
monthly.
$400 to $S00 — Richmond lots; all bargains.
Sunset Branch Office— Ninth ave., near H st.
$130 AND $250 EACH.
Don't miss seeing our Excelsior Homestead
lots; near Mlsslon-st. electric cars.
Level; no grading; Spring Valley water.
Ride to corner Mission Et. and . China or
Brazil aves. • ',
$1000, $1000 to $3000— Modern cottages; best
locations; all bargains; easy terms,
locations. goL GETZ & BROTHERf
Room 54, Chronicle building.
$2200— LOC5K at this; a genuine bargain; cot-
tage « rooms and bath; street bituminized;
lot 31x100; sunny elde; 26th St., between Va-
lencia and Guerrero; must be sold. J. F.
PLUMBE. 1402 Valencia st ¦
$6500— VALLEJO- ST. residence. THE Mc-
CARTHY CO., 646 Market at.
REAL ESTATE — COPHTRY--F0T Sale
McAFEE BROTHERS,
108 Montgomery st.
MUST BE SOLD.
1 150-acre ranch, one and a half miles Trom
Sonoma; mostly fruit and vines; good modern
house; finest site in Sonoma County: crop,
stock, furniture- and farming implements go
with the place; price only $S000.
*. FINEST BARGAIN IN THE STATE.
174-acre- fruit and stock ranch; Sonoma Coun-
ty, about 30 miles from San Francisco; 20 acres
Bartlett pears will clear over $2000 this year;
balance of ranch rented for cash; plenty of
water; fine deep soil that will grow anything;
situated on Petaluma Creek; house and farming
implements go with 'the place: price $15,000, or
will sell orchard separately; t%st of reasons for
selling.
¦ • FARM 75 ACRES. \
2 miles from Felton, 10 miles ¦ from Santa
Cruz; 40 acres cultivated; 25 acres choice ap-
ples, balance pasture: hard finished dwelling:
5 rooms, barn. etc. ; 'running water piped; will
make a fine home; crop this year about 4000
boxes apples; trees just coming into bearing;
price $5000. . . • .
50 ACRES. NEAR REDWOOD CITY.
Finely Improved; good~hu:ome:- price $10,000;
half cash, balance mOrtgagte: make offer.
McAFEE BROTHERS.
w-'^'-l - IPS Montgomery st.
$950 — HALF, cash; 10 acres, near . • Petaluma:
small house and. barn; grain crop;
splendid chicken " ranch ; snap.
$1600 — Va cash; near Petaluma; 8*^ acres;
black loam: good orchard: house and
barn; capacity- for 2000 chickens.
$|500t— *4 cash; 20 acres, near Petaluma; good
house, and barn; orchard, horses and
cattle; 1400 chickens, farm Implements;
Income $150 per month.
$5400 — Fine orchard and chicken ranch; splen-
did buildings; 1500 chickens; income
$250 per month; easy terms.. .«
WELLS & SAUNDERS. 630 Market st.
— — FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO
Small tracts, $60 to $90 per acre, on Rancho
Cotatl, Sonoma Co.; future value assured, as
San Francisco is growing rapidly; location
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
¦ to The Cotati Co., . 302 California St., for
pamphlets and information.
FARMS, ranches, city and suburban property
for sale and exchange; unimproved lands In
large and small tracts in Alameda, San Joa-
quln and other counties. Write for our print-
ed list HEALEY & CARR, Realty and Min-
lng Co., 713 Market, r. 406; tel. James 4121.
2-STORY brick building. 70x100, on the best
corner in Santa Crua. paying now 8 per cent
on $22,000; with some alterations can be mado
to pay 7 per cent net on $30,000; this property
can be had at above figures and on very
favorable terms. Box 390, Santa Cruz.
BEAUTIFUL suburban home about 15 acres,
San Leandro road, Elmhurst; electric- cars
pass property: nice 2-story house, substantial
outbuildings, stable, barns, chicken-houses,
well-cultivated, bearing orchard of finest
. semi-tropical and deciduous fruits on place.
• D. MORIARTY, owner, Elmhurst.
ALTA PUNTA Tract, on San Pabla ave. ; on
elaptric road to Point Richmond: acreage,
small tracts, $180 to $250; selling rapidly;
look at this land now; free carriage. G. W.
HAIGHT, 401 California st. S. F.
FOR sale — Small chicken ranch; flne; fully
equipped; within Vt mile of Sonoma; must
sell; cheao fcr cash. Write to C. R. WIN-
FIKLD. Sonorra. Cal. .
FOR SALE— 88 acres good level valley land
cheap; 1 mile west of Rutherford. Particu-
lars at the place. Box 93. St. Helena, Cal.
LAND- bargains: new catalogue sent free.
WOOSTER. WHITTON & MONTGOMERY.
634 Market st. - .
WRITE WELLS,, SAUNDERS & CO.. Peta-
luma, for list of bargains in fruit and
chicken ranches. ¦ '" ' • U
$650— SAN JOSE cottage, 5 rooms, barn; must
be sold for half its value. Address J. RUBEL,
1209 Eagle ave., Alameda. ' ' ••
FOR sale or exchange — Beautiful Income San
Jose home for city property. Box 548. Call.
FOR SALE — Good paying roadhouse; bargain.
. Apply Call office. (
COLONY tracts, estates, ranches, ranges, tim-
ber. mlnea. EMMONS & SON. Mills bldg.
POI5T RICHMOXD REAL ESTATE^
CITY OF RICHMOND.
CITY OF RICHMOND.
The comlngr city of the West, situated on the
east side of- San Francisco Bay, adjoining
Point Richmond. The terminus of the Santa
Fe and Southern Pacific jR. R: Cos.. location
of the Standard Oil Co.'s refineries and Union
Iron Works. Thousands of men will be em-
ployed. Think what the City of Richmond
will be with these advantages. Have you any
money to invest? Do you want to make
money? Don't hesitate while you have the
chance -to buy lots in the City o£ Richmond.
FROM $180.- FROM $180. -. '-
$5 PER MONTH. $5 PER MONTH.
SEE THESE LOTS!
. - SEE THESE LOTS!
Some of the beet corners and inside lots left.
• Streets graded and macadamized. ¦
Electric R. R. franchise passes through the
property. -' • ¦
Railroad Depot at each end of the tract —
Southern Pacific and Santa Fe.
Send for official map; mailed free.
RICHMOND LAND CO. (Inc.),
Room 182. Crocker building, S. F.
ALAMEDA- ADYERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA WB AL_ JBSTATB.
GENUINE BARGAINS IN ALAMEDA REAL
ESTATE.
$1200— Lot 50x150; 4-room cottage.
$1500 — Lot 40x83; 5 rooms and bath.
' $1900 — Lot 110x290; 5-room cottage; a great
bargain.
$2500 — Lot 42x125; 6 rooms and bath; fore-
closure.
I $2750 — Lot 50x150; 9-room cottage; see this
snap. ¦ ,\ . ¦'.'¦• -„
$3000^— Lot 50x100: 6-room modern cottage.
$3500— Lot 35x150; 8 rooms and bath; nice
location. . - ¦
¦ $3750 — Lot 62±150; 8-room . 2-story bouse:
windmill, etc. '•
$3000— Lot 40x100; 8 rooms and bath, wind-
mill, etc.
$3500 — Lot 50x150; 6 rooms and bath; choice
locality. - . :
Houses and lots; choice homes; bargains In
all parts of A lameda.' •
Houses built, rented and exchanged.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY,
1500 Park st. Alameda.
FORECLOSURE and Estate Properties for Sale.
See the Alameda Land' Company.
$4500— The cheapest piece of- property ever of-
fered in Alameda; fine ..home; 8 rooms
and bath; lot 62x150; between Chestnut
and Morton-st. stations; a snap.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY,
•-.-¦¦ 1500 Park st. Alameda.
MODERN cottage of 5 large rooms and bath,
mantel, hall. 7-foot basement, good brick
foundation, fruitrtrees and flne lawn; corner
lot. 56x125: street work all done and stone
walks laid; sunny frontage; choice location.
For particulars apply to OWNER.
1925 Park st. Alameda.
$1050 — LOT 40x120; Santa Clara ave., or will
build to suit $2000 — New cottage. 5 rooms;
$500 cash. J. H. YOUNG. 1243 Park st, Ala-
. meda. ' .- -
HOUSES, cottages and lots for sale near
schools and stations; also for rent, furnished
and unfurnished houses. Apply to CHARLES
ADAMS & CO., Bay Station. Alameda.
ALAMEDAFLATS^
FOR RENT — Furnished house, 9 rooms. $55;
inferences. 925 Santa Clara ave.
ALAMEDA COTTAGES.
NEW cottage: 6- rooms; rent or sale; on In-
stallments; key at 1522 Santa Clara ave.
FURNISHED cottage, Alameda, for summer
months ; 5^-ooms. 2128 Clement ave.
NEWLY furnished rooms with board; 2 min-
utes' walk from Morton-st station. 1541
Central ave., Alameda.
1431. Alanteda — Three completely
furnished rooms with use of kitchen and
bath. -
Mreletadyertisements
BKRIvELBY REAL ESTATES.
MODERN 6-room house in a choice locality:
only one block from the electric ears and 2
blocks from the station: lot 60x135; number
of fruit trees and 'beautiful flower garden;
street work all done; this is a bargain; price
$->100- terms to suit HOME REALTY CO.
' Good 5-room cottage on a large lot, 3 blocks
from the station; street work all done; good
locality; beautiful flower garden; price $1800;
very easy terms; look this up. .
\ery en y HOME REALTY CO.
New up-to-date house of 8 rooms with all
the latest conveniences: best locality in.
' Berkeley; street work all done; 1 block from
the car line;. must be seen to be fully appre-
ciated: price $2500. For terms apply at the
office. , v - " ¦ HOME REALTY CO.
. New colonial house of 6 large rooms, bath
etc.; everything up to date; 2 blocks from
the Etatton: nice surroundings; price $2200-
$100 down, balance $20 per month. -•
. * . . HOME REALTY CO..
J;-R. N PERKINS & H. W. CARRIGER.Mgrs.
Open Sundays. Lorin Station, Berkeley. Cal.
Joseph J. Mason, real estate & insurance agent*
choice property a specialty.- Berkeley Station.
REAL
MADISON & BURKE.
¦ \- l (Established January, 1S5S.)
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
FULL CHARGE TAKEN OF PROPERTY. •_
Removed to 30 Montgomery st, opposite Lick
:' House.
V-' V MISSION ST.— INSIDE.- •
$26,000— Business blo^V, stores and flats; pay-
Ing large steady income; 80x100.
INSIDE INVESTMENT.
¦ $10,000 — O'Farrell st, near Polk; large house;
lot 22:11x120 to rear street; this is an improv-
ing location. -
HOWARD STREET.
$8000 — Very cheap; store, flat and rear house;
rent $70; lot 25x90; Howard, bet. 10th & 11th.
MARKET-ST. CORNER.
$16,000— Market-st. gore lot, Intersection of
Ridley st, 99 feet' on Market: covered with
stores; this is a bargain. -
$14,000— Stockton st.,' near Sutter; 3-story
brick building-, paying good interest; new and
substantial Improvements.
$15,000 — Large property on Minna St., near
6th. holding Mission-st. frontage; building suit-
able for factory; lot 50x75. .
r Flats renting for $26; on Sevent«ntn 8t, nr.
Castro; lot 25x100; price $3500.
$5000 — San Jose ave., near Twenty-ninth st;
flats and store; rents $52; lot 36x81. :
52CC0 — Nice cottage home on Nineteenth st,
near Eureka; .modern; 5 rooms and bath; lot
25x75.
$5000 — Turk St., near Steiner; good 8-room
house, with stable in rear; lot 25x137:6; large
yard.
$c-250 — 23d-st. residence; corner; near ¦ San-
chez; 37:9x65; contains 8 rooms and bath.
- LOTS.
Only $8000—100x125; east line Castro st. be-
tweeen 17th and 18th; cheapest lots In this lo-
cation; street work all done; Market-st. car
system passes.
, $1200 for 2 lots 25x90; near 17th and Market
¦ $3000 — Corner Twenty-fifth and Alabama
sts.; 50x100; a good corner to Improve.
$2750 — Hayes st.; north line, near Central
ave.; 25x137:6.
$1250— Twenty-second st, near Florida, 25x
104. V
$800— 2d ave., near Point Lobos; 25x120.
$2500 — Steiner st, near Waller; a choice
building lot; cheap; 25x91:6. .
Lots on Twentieth ave.,- between Clement st
and Point Lobos ave.; a choice line of lots,
$550 ar.d $600, on easy terms if desired.
MADISON & BURKE,
30 Montgomery st.
VON RHEIN REAL ESTATE CO. (Inc.),
513 CALIFORNIA ST.
IMPROVED.
57:6x137:6 — North line Turk St., nr. Taylor.
$12,750 — McAllister, near Steiner; 25x137:0;
2 modern flats; rents $115.
$10,500— Page, nr.- Laguna; 27:6x120 to rear
street; house of 8 rooms and bath.
$10,500 — Thiri-st corner; pays 10 per cent.
$10,000 — Ftllmore. nr. Pacific; 30x112:6; house
of 8 rooms and bath; rent $65.
$10,000 — Paeiflc ave., nr. * Scott; 27x127:8;
modern house of 13 rooms and 3 baths.
$S250 — Mason, near Pine; 23x62:6 to rear
street; house of 8 rooms and 2 rear flats;
rents $64.
$7500— Bush, nr. Larktn; 22:11x137:6; 2 flats;
rents $55.-
$7600 — Union, nr. Dupont; 23x69; three-story
house; rents $75.
$7500 — Clay, nr. Baker: 27:6x85; 2 bay-win-
dow flats; rents $55.
$6250 — Vallejo. nr. Mason; 98x137:6, with L
39:6x60; flats and cottages; rents $96.
S6000 — Post st. hear Baker; 41:3x137:0.
$u500-rLombard st, near Jones; 27:6x100;
2 flats; rents $32. •
$4500— Bartlett, nr. 24th; 25x117:6 to rear
street- 2 bay-window flats; rents $38. .
$4500— Clara st; store and flats; rents $48.
$4500— Cor. Geary and Broderick; 25x92; 4
flats: rents $34. . :
$3(50— Liberty st., near Guerrero: 25x114;
3-story bay-window residence; rent $20 60.
UNIMPROVED. •
$17,000 — Sansome, near Green; 83:6x137:6.
California, near Webster; 25x137:6.
$0500— Corner Gough and Filbert; 137 :6x
107:8%.
$5000 — Green, near Polk; 50x115.
$7000 — Cor. Turk and Devisadero; 27x86:11.
$5500— Greenwich, near Taylor; 45:10x137:8.
$5250 — Corner Jackson and Locust; 37:6t
102:8"4- i • .
$H500 — Devisadero, near Union; 35x100.
$2500— Union, nr. Webster; 34:4%xl37:fl.
$2100 — Cor. 21st and Hampshire; 25x97:6.
J, nr. 12th ave.; 50x100.
$*jOi>U — Elizabeth, near Diamond; 51:8x114
13th ave., nr. J; 50x100.
$1400 McAllister, near Wlllard; 25x100.
$1300 per lot— Bryant ave., near Twenty-
sUth;2 1ots. each 2tt:Sxl0O. „ _-
$1000— 17th. near Uranus; 25x100.
SIOOO Sanchez, near Eighteenth; 25x105.
$900 per lot — York, near Twenty-sixth; 2 lots,
each -26:8x100.
400 lots, $200 to $400; terms easy; electrio
road passes. . ' -
. x" '
LYON & HOAG ... ...11C Montgomery st.
INVESTMENT PAYING 15 PER CENT.
$12,000 — Corner on Pacific st, east of Taylor;
: big lot, 68 feet frontage; improvements
¦ consist of 4 frame buildings, contain-
ing 4 stores and 12 flats; while the Im-
provements are old, they are in ex-
cellent condition; brick foundation; tin
roofs; latest sanitary plumbing; this
property is always rented and is one
of the best buys on the market.
$12,500— Rents $125; not far from Mechanics'
Pavilion; 2 splendid buildings; flats all
rented; large lot; front on two streets.
$3,800 — Rents $40; Ringold, near Oth and Fol-
som; 3 flats and all rented.
A GREAT BARGAIN.
$2,500— Worth $3500; rent $23; 2 bay-window
flats, containing 5 and 6 rooms, baths,
•.. etc.; brick foundation; on Duncan st.,
near Dolores: lot 25x114 feet; only one
block from Guerrero-st. cars.
$6.250— Page-st. residence, near Scott: mod-
ern 2-story house of 9 rooms, bath
and basement; lot 25x137:6; new
plumbing, etc.; house is good as new;
a bargain.
$6,000— Best flats in .Western Addition for the
money; 2 nice flats on Clayton st;
lot 25x125; rent $50; should be in-
creased. . <;; , .
$7,250 — Guerrero, near 22d; 4 flats; rents $64;
lot 37:6x115. with 2 frontages.
$10,000 — Rents $100; fine Stelner-st. corner; 2
brand new flats, containing 7 and 10
rooms; bath, etc., each; good location:
both streets accepted; an exceptional
opportunity. ¦
$7,WW — Rent $70; 2 new flats of 6 and 7 rooms
and. bath each. In the Panhandle dis-
trict; large lot; cheapest flats in the
• - ¦ district.
$4,500 — Fulton st, near Buchanan; 3 flats;
rent $33 50: this is a cheap piece of
- property; close to town.
We publish a monthly list containing full
description of both improved and unimproved
property for sale In all sections of the city,
which we will cheerfully send to you.
LYON & HOAG, 110 Montgomery st. ¦
MOST up-to-date houses in the city; if you are
looking for a swell residence or flats for in-
come, see the beautiful buildings I am just
completing - on Union and Steiner sts. ; 13
sold, only 3 left; large reception hall's and
living rooms; brick mantels, hardwood floors,
marble stairs, fine plumbing; the finest colon-
ial houses in the city; -also a residence of \S
rooms ; NW. corner Twepty-flfth and Dia-
mond ests. : lot 35x80;. price only 53700; also
good Income property; No. 4070 24th st. ; great
snap; price $7000. For terms apply on prem-
ises or 26 Montgomery st. room S. S. A.
BORN, builder, and dealer In real estate.
FOR Sale — As a whole or in'subdlvlslcns, 50-
vara lot, south line Union st; 137:6 feet east
j of Pierce./- Lot, northeast corner Green and
Pierce sts., 103:6x137:6 feet. Inquire of
CHARLES C. BEMI&. Real Estate Broker,
824 Montgomery st. 1
$4850 — AT a sacrifice to prevent foreclosure:
lot and 2 flats of C and 5 rooms: near corner
Twenty-first and treat ave. : this property
must be sold. Apply R. McCOLGAN. 24
Montgomery St.. room S.- . ; , ¦
$4500 — TO prevent foreclosure, . at a sacrifice;
lot 25x90; Improvements two^story w house of
8 -rooms on Fillmore st, near corner of
Haight. Apply R. McCOLGAN, 24 Mont-
gomery st, room 3. •
$2000 — Two cheap flats, small street near Hyde
and Larkin; 646 Market st. THE McCAR-
THY CO.
FOR sale— Two nice flats, modern, on easy
terms. See owner 3983 Twenty-fifth st
$2000 — LOT. on Steiner st, near Vallejo. THE
MCCARTHY -CO.. 646 Market st.
SACRIFICE— House 8-rras., $1400; terms same
¦as rent Apply Alabama and Montcalm sts.
REAL' ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
$3000-r-STOCK ranch of , 120 acres between
Sunol and Nlles, Alameda County; - hcuse
barn, . fruit trees, running water i piped to
house: exchange for - Improved suburban
property around Oakland.? .
.; GEORGE W. AUSTIN,
¦ : 460 Tenth street. Oakland. •
180- ACRE ranch in southern part of Califor-
nia; good 5-room cottage, large barn, family
I orchard;' all fenced and cross-fenced; trade
for good Oakland, or Berkeley property.
-. , E. J. STEWART & CO..
. ; 1008 Broadway, Oakland.
LOT in Berkeley; mortgaged for $250; price
' $600; will trade for business of most any
kind. , PHILBRICK. '44914- Guerrero st. '
. REAL . ESTATE WANTED. - . .
"WANTED-r-Lot 3 in Fruitvale.; near station;
j must be cheap for cash. 3933 25th st.
REAL_ EST^ATE-^ITY— 5^2LJ*££5;
SHAINWALD, BUCKBEE & CO..
-¦-•-¦--- REAL ESTATE AGENTS, .
\ 218-220 . Montsomery st
$3,500— Harrison st, near Seventh; 3-story
frame building; rents $35; lot 20xBO ft.
to rear street; mortgage $1000 ca-n re-
main; a bargain. .
$11,000 — McAllister ttW, near . Fillmore; store
and two floor;* ¦ above; two tenants;
rent $S5; lot 25x100 ft.; $6000 cash
and balance ti per cent will buy this;
inquire at once. : -
$5,600 — Twenty-sixth st, near Mission; 2-
story hotel, 2S rooms; rent $48; lot
43:Bxl00 ft; elegant investment.
$7,000 — Union ' st.. near Broderick: marine
view; flats just built. 0-7 rooms; rent
$50; lot 27:6x137:0 ft.
$14,000 — Laguna-st. corner, near Vallejo; grand
marine view; 12 rooms, bath; lot 28x
107 ft. and all modern Improvements;'
a bargain. . -
$12,000 — Wlllard st, near Carl: flne residence;
5 bedrooms; lot 75x105 ft-
$9,000 — Sutter St., near Devisadero: lot 57:3x
114 feet with larze old-fashioned resi-
dence and stable: cheap. ••
$5,600 — Church et, nr. 16th;. .three cottages;
rent ?37: lot 50x106:3 feet. '
$3,000— Clay st.. near Lyon; key lot; ready
to build on; 27:6x100 feet; a bargain.
$3,500 — Washington St., near ¦ Cherry; grand
marine view: lot 35x118 feet; a.posi-
; tiyq bargain.
$C,7D0— Leavenwurth st, near Broadway; four
2-Btory housss in Rood condition; rents
?54; lot SOxOO feet .
$4,750 — Clay fct.. near Fillmore; good 2-story
. ' house of 7 rooms and' bath; lot 25x
. 1U2:&14: best section in the Western
Addition. . . . ' -
$2,300 • each— Dolores et., near 15th; lots
23x05 feet each; ready to build on.
$25,000— Mission at, near Sth; lot 30x160 feet
to rear street: imorovements brick
building and 2 frame houses in rear;
fine Investment.
$6,500— Haieht st. near Pierce: fine residence
of 10 rooms and bath; ' owner would
stay as tenant at $45 per month on a
lease; lot 25x137:6 feet.
$1,200 — One-half of outside land block; 212x
. - 240 feet, irrearular; a bargain for an
investor. .
$2,750 — Twenty-fourth st, nr.. Diamond; cot-
tage of 5 rooms and bath; lot 25x114.
$2,800^ — Folsom St., near 10th; lot 25x122:00
feet; a bargain. . ¦ . . -
$3,000 — Hayes St., nr. Webster; a fine build-
Ing lot, 24:10x137:6; ready to build on.
Get a copy of our printed list' of properties
for sale. ...
SHAINWALD, BUCKBEE & CO.,
21S-2S0 Montgomery st. Mills bldg.
O. D. BALDWIN & SON. .
" 22 MONTGOMERY ST.
LEAVENWORTH-ST. INVESTMENT.
¦57,000 — Rents $54; 4 houses of 5 rooms and
bath each; large lot 80x60; bank mort-
gage of $4000 can remain.
.-_„„ PQWELL-ST. BARGAIN.
* 6^°— Rents $*7 30; 3 flats near Bush st.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS CORNER RESIDENCE.
$Jo,Cj(0-rLarge handsome corner residence on
best, part of the Heights; large lot;
every room sunny.
CHEAP LOTS.
$S50 — Church, near /Twenty- third; 25x75.
$1,750— Seventeenth, near Diamond; 29x75.
$<50 — Seventeenth, near Douglass; 25x85.
$2.600— Haight, near Baker; 25x100.'
$2,250— Folsom, near 25th; 25x122:6.
HARRISON-ST. BARGAIN.
55,000 — Lot 50x75. with coal yard, house and
stable; rents $30; lot alone worth $7500.
•_ CLAY-ST. CORNER RESIDENCE.
57,500— Fine house of 9 rooms and bath; large
lot, 30x110.
•H r« A WEBSTER-ST. FLATS.
$13,500— Rents $115; tenants pay .water; 3 new
flats, 7 rooms, and bath each; lot 27:6
xlOO.
MAGNIFICENT PACIFIC HEIGHTS RES-
1 IDENCE.
$30,000 — Elegant mansion of 15 rooms and all
latest appointments; only just com-
pleted; magnificent marine view; par-
: Ticulars at office. - V
CHEAP RICHMOND CORNER.
$2,(50— Corner of California st. and 4th ave.;
. . 04x100; a. snan.
r PRESIDIO HEIGHTS FLATS.
I $7,000 — Rents $822 per annum; 4 flats Of 3
and 4 rooms and bath each; always'
rented: lot 32:7x137:6.
FILLMORE STREET INVESTMENT. -:
$6,500 — Rents $556 per annum; 3 houses; lot
48x81:3. <-:'?'—¦
FINE SIXTH-STREET PROPERTY.
$40,000 — Rents S225, can be Increased; lot 77x
75, covered with 3-story buildings; 5
stores and 6 flats: make offer.
MANUFACTURING SITE.
$15,000 — 45:10x137:6, on Fremont, near Fol-
£om; renting at prerent for $75.
SACRAMENTO-STREET COTTAGE.
$5,500— North side, near Devisadero; lot 27:0
xl27:S; cottage and basement; 7 rooms
and porcelain bath.'
O. D. BALDWIN & SON.
F. B. SURRYHNE,
REAL ESTATE AGENT.
* - '-¦ —• .""""¦* 138" Montgomery St
SOLD TO CLOSE AN ESTATE. . \
$R500 — Grove St., near Fillmore; .north side;
very desirable residence; 0 rooms and bath; lot
27:6x137:6. .
$35C0 — Near Castro and 17th sts.; new mod-
ern 2-story residence; 6 rooms and bath; lot
24:8x125; easy terms if desired.
$2600 — Near 24th and Church sts.; 2-story
house of 5 rooms and bath; large lot; 64x102;
want, an offer.
I $5250— Close to Haight and Pierce Bts. ; mod-
ern 2-story resldenc'e; 6 rooms and bath; large
Jot. . , ••••...-•¦¦•¦•
' $4000 — Near" McAllister and Webster sts.: 2-
story residence; 7 rooms and bath: lot 25x85.
$7000 — Grove st; 2 modern flatB, 6 and 7
rooms; rents $52 50; should rent for $57 50? lot
25x137:6.
$4500— Fifteenth st, close to Market; 2 mod-
ernt flats, 6 rooms and bath each; rents $38 per
month: lot 25x110.
$S730 — Will submit any fair offer: Oak st. : 3
very desirable modern, flats; 6, 6 and 7 rooms
and bath each; rents $70; lot 25x137:6.
$1150— Near Dolores and 17th -sts. ; comfort-
able cottage of 4 rooms; lot 26x75.
THIS PIECE ALSO TO CLOSE AN ESTATE.
• $5000— Rausch Et. ; store and flat; rents $50
per month;, lot 25x80.
$5700 — One of the cheapest properties on the
market; Hayes St.. near the park; 2 modern
flats; 6 rooms each:, rents $45: lot 25x100.
$1050 — Short distance from Mlssion-st. power
house: cottage of 4 rooms and bath; lot 25x70;
easy terms if desired.
$10,000 — Three modern sunny flats; Broderick
St.; rents $02 50; a bargain.
. $11,500 — Best part of Howard st. ; 3 "new
modern flats; rente $100; a bargain.
I issue a^nonthly price list of all properties
which I have for sale In' all parts of the city,
and would be pleased to mall the same.
RAYMOND. ARMSTRONG & CO.,
Room 2, Seventh Floor, Mills Building.
$14,500— Corner on Vallejo st; 28x107:6; mod-
ern residence; 12 rooms; billiard room;
finished basement; flne marine view.
$11,000 — O'Farrell st corner; stores, and flats.
$10,000 — Folsom st, near 6th;»stores below; 20
rooms on second and third floors.
$8,500 — North side of Fell st;,-. facing Pan-
handle; house of 7 rooms; street work
all done.
$S,500— North side of Haight st; 26:3x137:6-
2-atory dwelling; everything modern; 8
rooms and bath; street work done.
$8,000— Page-st flats: almost new; everything
• modern; 6 and 7 rooms and bath each.
$7,500 — Washington st, near Scott;. 27:6x
127:8"-i; residence of 8 rooms; billiard
room; street work done.
$6.890— SE. corner Fillmore and Green sts.;
t!8:9xS7:C; flne marine view.
$5,750— Hayes-st. flats, 6 and' 7 rooms each;
just put in order.
$4,000 — Beautiful new 2-story residence on
Willlard st; finely finished; up to
date in every respect; will make" a
charming home.
$3,100— Welsh st, near 4th; 5 flats; rents $39
per month. .-•-¦-¦
RAYMOND, ARMSTRONG & CO.,
Mills Building.
A— JOSEPH STRAUB 850 MARKET ST.
RENTS COLLECTED.
$2500 — Modern cottage of 5 rooms and bath,
basement and attic; half block from cars.
$3000 — Two flats on Folsom et., near Twenty-
second; lot 22x115. \ -
¦ $3000 — Two-story house of 6 rooms and bath;
on Clementina St., near Sixth; lot 20x80. I
53500— Filbert st, near, Fillmore; 2 cottages;
lot 20:8x120; 'two frontages.
$5000WVa*hinKton st, near Mason: modern
brick house of 9 rooms and baths; basement.
57000 — Harrison st, near Fifth; C flats; rents
$CO; lot 25x86.
$8500 — Jackson st.near Baker; 3 modern
flats; rents $81 50 per month..
$5000— Steiner st, nearTJeary; fine residence
Of 0 rooms and bath; lot 22x92:6.
15000— Geary st. opnosite Hamilton square;
residence of 8 rooms and bath.
.$35,000 — 12 flats and a" residence In the Mis-
sion; pays 0 per cent clear; part cash.
' Mill Valley — Cottajre of -4 rooms, furnished;
lot 120x300; price ?2C'OO. • . —
Shasta County — 640 acres of white oak.
; JOSEPH STRAUB. 850 Market st
JUST being completed — 2 swell flats on S.E.
cor. of Union and Steiner sts; 7 and 10 rooms
each; rents for ?97 50 per month: handsome
interior finish; grand entrance marble stairs;
marine view. Apply to owner and builder on
premises or . to office,* 26 Montgomery st,
rooiti 8. Also ¦ if you , are looking for an
up-to-date' colonial residence, . . containing
everything that goes to make ah ideal home,
« then just pay one .visit to these, buildings;
6teiner.*near Union, $7000: Union, bet. flll-
mcre and Steiner. $6500 and $7500;- marine
- VUW - • ' ALSO I ' .
Cheap— A splendid N.W, corner lot, y"x80;
nicely improved with a- swell cottage, con-
taining all the latest improvements: 'this
place must be seen to bf appreciated ; will
sell for 53700— terms if desired. Apply at
4079 24tb st', or 26 Montgomery st. room 8.
. . v v S.-A.BORN, ¦¦ ¦•-
¦-. "• ' Builder and Dealer in Real - Estate. •
ELEGANT>new flatf in the choicest, residence
portion of - the MISBion -warm be"H, on San
Jose ave., near 2Ah st. ; good investment;
pays 1 per cent per month. ; H. FEIGE,
Builder. 1068 Capp at.-* -.'..-.¦. '
$2400 — SMALL downtown Investment: always
rented. THE MCCARTHY CO. .^646 Market.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
ALWAYS IN THE LEAD!
INVESTIGATE THESE!
017— $1000 — $50 cash. $12 per month; 5 rooms;
50x138; macadamized street; con-
venient to Berkeley station.
009 — $1600—50x135; 5 rooms, bath and base-
ment: house alone worth tha
money. • . -
010 — $1850 — Modern cottage. 5 rooms and bath;
bright and cheerful. . -
918— $2250 — 10x112: up to date cottage. 6 rooms,
bath and basement; finely decor-
ated; beautiful fixtures.
006 — $2500 — 40x125: new modern cottage, S
rooms, bath and basement; close to
Berryman station.
DOS — $2500 — New 2-story house of 8 rooms,
bath, etc.; a flne home; large lot;
<ood street.
Larger houses from $30C0 to $8000. Special
bargains In lots. A very extensive list.
H. P. IRWIN. Lorin Station.
NEW 6-room cottage; porcelain bath; pantry;
tiled sink; electric lights; city water; brick
foundation; high basement; wash trays; pat-
ent closet; large lot all fenced; 2 blocks to
station; street cars, stores, school ana
churches; price $2C0O; terms $200 cash, bal-
ance $18 per month; open Sundays. O. A.
RUDOLPH. Lorin.
HERE'S a chance to be your own landlord; netr
8-room 2-story house; neat, complete and up-
to date: lot 42x135. all fenced; good location:
price $2250; terms $200 cash, balance $20
monthly, same as rent. O. A. RUDOLPH,
Lorin; open Sundays.
$3000 — CALL and see this up-to-date cottage;
new, modern -and convenient; 6 rooms, bath,
etc.; corner lot. near both steam and electria
cars; street work all done; a snap; $3000.
MAY fc MORTIMER.
$650 — LOT 40x135, on Henry st. near depot;
street work all done; a bargain.
$3750 — An up-to-date home of 7 rooms on
Walnut st.
$340 — A snap for quick buyer; lot 40x133,
on Louisa st., near Rose. !
$4000 — Modern house of 8 rooms in HJlle-
gass Tract: large lot. MAY & MORTIMER.
3-ROOM - cottage, good as new; lot 60x270;
chicken house, well; $1500 cash.
4-room cottage, stable, well, chicken
house; lot 50x150; $800, $200 cash, balance
$100 per year at 7 per cent ' interest.
New 5-room cottage; lot 50x134; I1S00,
$200 cash, balance $20 per month.
W. C. MORAN & CO., Berkeley Station.
FURNISHED HOUSES FOR RENT.
Two-story house, 0 rooms, ' completely fur-
nished; very central location; Jane and July.
Seven-room house, furnished; Channlng.
near Fulton; reasonable to desirable tenant;
for one year from July 1.
Several very desirable furnished houses t»
careful tenants for two to three months.
Choice properties for sale.
Apply to FRANCIS FERR1ER. Real Estata
Agent. 2121 Stafford place. University st*-
tlon, Berkeley. Cal.
$350 — LOT 40x114; sunny side; near Ashby
station; bargain for a quick cash sale.
GEORGE W. AUSTIN.
4GO Tenth street, Oakland.
$2000 — LOT on Nob Hill in the Scenic Park;
call and see our furnished houses for tha
summer months; half price. MAY & MOR-
TIMER, 2123 Center st. Berkeley station.
56OOO— A FIRST-CLASS piece of property In
the Hlllegass Tract; 11 rooms, etc.; larga
lot; an ideal place.
COTTAGE — 8 rooms, modern convenience, bath,
etc: easy payments. MURDOCK. 514 Pine.
FRUITYALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FIUJITVAIiE REAI* ESTATE.
H A. PLEITNER. Fruitvale Station.
$1275 — Great bargain; cottage of 6 rooms and
bath, etc.; large barn; flne well; win-
mill and tank; fruit trees; lot 112x110,
all fenced; an opportunity worth in-
vestigating.
$1200 — 4-room cottage, hard finish: chicken
¦ .., house u fruit trees and berries; corner
lot, 50x140; located in East Oakland.
$1875 — Modern cottage of 5 rooms; large hall;
porcelain bath; tiled sink; 7- foot base-
ment; good brick foundation; fine stable;
lot 50x137. all fenced; fine location; only
one block from Fruitvale station.
$950 — New cottage of 3 large rooms, hard fin-
ished; city water; corner lot, 63^x140;
3 chicken houses; one pigeon house; all
wire; 15 fruit trees, all In bearing; near
electric cars. X
$900 — Nice home of 2 large rooms, hard fin-
ished and furnished; pantry, closets,
etc.; stable-/ flne cow; lot 100x150,
• fenced. J
(2875 — Extra fine 2-story house of 6 large rooms
and basement, exceptionally well built,
' finished in curly redwood; porcelain
baths; fine mantel; tiled sink; station-
ary tubs; rooms beautifully tinted and
frescoed; lot 50x125; street work all
done: located in the choicest part oC
Fruitvale. and walking distance to local
train; easy terms if desired.
$1550 — New colonial cottage of 4 rooms and
attic; baths, etc. ; lot 50x100, all fenced;
only 2 blocks from station; good neigh-
borhood. ¦ ¦
$900 — Lovely cottage of 4 rooms: city water
SO cents per month; flne garden: nice*
walks: fruit trees; stable; chicken
houses; lot 50x108, all fenced and cross-
fenced; fine location and a. bis bargain;-
easy terms if desired.
$975 — Fine cottage of 3 large rooms, hard fin-
ished: pantry, closets, etc; 2 chicken
houses; city water; lot 100x124, all
fenced; 2 blocks from electric cars; easy
terms.
$1650 — Two-story house of 6 rooms and bath;
stable, chicken house, etc.; lot 41x111;
' only 10 minutes' walk to Fruitvale sta-
tion.
FOR SALE IN EAST OAKLAND.
$1030 — Ccsy cottage of 3 rooms and bath; pan-
try; closets; patent toilet; high base-
ment, partly floored, etc. ; one blocfc from
electric cars and 5 blocks from local
station: easy terms.
H. A. PLEITNER. Fruitvale Station.
A — W. E. RUDELL, Fruit-vale ave. and Was'o-
" ington st, Fruitvale. Cal.
$b00 — Cottage of 5 rooms and bath; hot and
cold water; hieh basement: attio all
floored; good brick foundation; barn and
chicken houses; abundance of flowers;
lot 40x137; 3 blocks from electrio car
line; see this for a bargain; easy terms
if desired.
$1250 — New cottage of 4 rooms and bath; all
grained in oak; stationary washtubs;
city water; lot 37x175; $200 cash, bal-
ance $12 60 per month; a bargain.
$1SOO — New modern cottage of 5 large rooms
and bath; mantel, etc.; high basement:
half floored; stationary washtubs; good
brick foundation: large lot, situated on
eunny side of street; only one block front
local station; $300 cash, balance $13 per
month.
$2700 — New 2-story house of 7 rooms; porce-
lain bath; reception hall: all modern im-
provements: gas and electric -fixtures;
: beautiful view; enly one block from, elec-
tric car line; lot 60x165; $500 cash, bal-
ance $26 per month.
$6500— Beautiful residence of 12 rooms and
bath; steam heaters: mantel, fireplace
5 and marble washtsand In each bedroom;
electric bell In each room; stable for 4
horses and carriages; cement plate for
washing carriages;, large corner lot, 150x
140 ft., with decorated gardens; trees
and flowers in abundance; an ideal placa
i'or sanitarium or doctor's home; reason-
able terms if so desired.
$1250 — Cottage of 5 rooms, bath: mantel, hot
and cold water, large stable; lot 47x101;
only two short blocks from Fruitval*
station; $200 cash, - balance $14 40 per
month: must be sold within 5 days; an
opportunity worth investigating.
W. E. RUDELL.
Fruitvale ave. and Washington st; office
hours. 8 a. m. to 6 p. m., Sundays included.
$3500 — COST $S500; beautiful suburban home:
one acre; new house of 8 rooms and bath: all
in flne condition; inclosed driveway; fruit
trees; outbuildings; chicken houses and
• brooders; shrubbery: flowers; live aviary; 2
fountains; near electric line.
$3500— Cost $,6500; an ideal home; 3 acres,
all in fruit; flne chicken ranch; new cottage;
flne well, tank; plenty of water; stable;
chicken houses and brooders.
• . GEORGE "W. AXJSTUf.
" 460 Tenth street. Oakland.
PRETTY cottage of 6 rooms; lot 50x140 r fruit
and well; reasonable. Inquire on premises
i Saturdays and Sundays, or evenings after
7 o'clock; first house, west side of Fremont
ave.. near Fourteenth st.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL .ESTATE^
$2250 — Eastiake cottage. 6 rooms, bath, high,
" basement, barn, cemant walks, floored base-
ment: rents for $25; will sell furniture It
desired; sunny side, 2 blocks from Oak-st.
station; terms of payment if desired.
$2750-rstore and 6-roomed flat; Seventh St.;
good renting property.
Ju3t completed; Two- pretty homes, 5 and 6
rooms, Merrimac or Twenty-eighth St.. be-
tween Telegraph ave. and Grove st; sea
them to-day.
$"000— Modern, cozy and sunny; 6 rooms, bay-
window, hall and basement; SO-foot lot: lisa
Eighteenth st, near Adeline; handy to
¦ local train. .
. GEORGE. W. AUSTIN,
4G0 Tenth St., Oakland. " -
$70 per foot for beautiful lot in Lakeside dis-
trict near homes of Henry K. Beld*n and
Captain Mein; one of the choicest lots in this
part of town. GEORGE B. M. GRAY, 454
' Ninth st. ; . .. . . .
For additional classified ada.^see pas» «*
HBAL ESTATE-— CITY — FOR SALE.
G H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 MONTGOMERY ST.
$51,i>ou— Rent? ?415 per month, 7 newly con-
• etructed ar.d elegantly appointed flats,
near Suiter and Hyde sts: large lot, 40
$37,500— Rents ?230 per month. Ellis St.. near
Taylor et. ; substantial building of o(J
rooms, under lease. /
$21,500 — Rents $152 50 per month. Choice cor-
ner on McAllister Et. ; new improve-
ments, consist of 5 flats of 5, 6, 7
rooms and bath each, elegantly finish-
ed; S7:Cx96:10.
?20,C0O— Make offer. California st, near Jones
et.; good substantial building with
large lot. 50x137:0. Must be sold by
order of bank.
$16,500 — Rents £9S 50 per month. Ellis st.
near Hyde st. ; 3 modern flats of 6, 7
rooms ar.d bath each; 26:10x87-6 This
property will readily enhance in value.
$10,000— Rents S105 per month. McAllister st.:
S modem flats of 6. 7 rooms and t«h
each. Just completed. 25x137:0.
$10,000 — Rer.ts $32 CO per month. Masonic
ave., 3 newly completed flats of 7. 6
rooms and bath each; substantially
built. 25x106:3.
$10,000— Rents Sl>5 per month. McAllister st.
near Octavia st. ; good improvements.
consist of 2 houses of a rooms and
bath each, and cottage on rear street,
tteadily rented, brick foundation; 27:6
xl2u; two frontages.
$7,000— Corner Thirteenth st,: greatly reduced
in price Cur the next few days in-order
to effevt an immediate sale.
$7,oO0— Rents $45. which can readily be in-
creased; ntar Fourth. Stockton and
Market sts. ; improvements consist uf
store and 2 flats absve.
$5.000 — Uents ;<4h ;kt month. Near Sixth and
Howard SU-, 5 well-built tiats of 4
100ms each. Steadily rented. 37:6x80.
$4,000— Rents *33 per month. Green Et.. 2
t-ubfiantial bay-window flats of 7. 6
rooms and bath each. 31 :6xl25. Must
be sola by order cf the bank.
$3,600 — FU-nts $27 per mor.th. which is low.
Naioma st.. near Sixth et.. 2 good flats
of 5. 0 rooms each, steadily rented.
£5x90. Must sell; make offer.
$3,400- — Post st.. corner: good improvements,
consist cf store and 2 rooms and cot-
tage of 4 rooms adjoining. 30xi>7 :C.
Must be sold by order of the bank.
$2,900 — Reduced from SS100. Hampshire St..
new bay-window cottage of 5 rooms, in
I»erfect ordy; brick foundation, con-
crete waJks; etc. Owner "must sell.
$3,100 — Warm belt cf the Mission, modern
bay-window cottage cf 5 rooms and
Itath, conservatory, stable and car-
riage house in rear. SOxtW.
$3,000 — Rents f26 per month. Hayes St., -3
fiats of 4, 5 rooms.
$2,600 — Close to Twenty-fourth st. cars. A
newly-built bay-vrindow cottage, 5
room's and bath, concrete foundation,
ttcne walks, etc:. 25x80. Mortgage of
S.14W can remain. '
$2,500 — Choice building corner on Geary St.,
near Central ave., 41xKiO.
$2,100 — Twenty-third St.. near Dolores St..
copy, bay-window coitage of 5 rooms
and bath; in perfect order; 25xfc8.
Owner must sell.
Ca!l or write for our Real Estate Record,
containing a list c£ properties for Efcle In all
parts o£ the city.
G. H. VMBSKN & CO.. 14 Montgomery St.
NELSON, JOHNSON* & CO..
SOS Montgomery st.. ovp. Mills Building.
SNAP.
Pays IS Per Cent
$0,000 cash— Four ntw, modern flats, porce-
lain tubs, tiled mantels, etc.; lot 27:4x
So feet; close to Park Panhandle.
BARGAIN.
Choice Business Property.
$13,000— Rer.ts $12. - i0; store and 3 fiats: lot 25x
120- two frontages; 3 blocks north of
Market st.; on best business street;
$8000 mortgage can. remain.
MISSION BUSINESS PROPERTY.
f 5 COO — Rents £H^ : J; new modern building;
store and 2 fiats; lot 25x122 :<J; near
Seventeenth tt.
MoALLISTER-S'lSEET CORNER.
$22,500 — Five new. modern flats; rents $19S0;
let 87:<5x8fl:IA
CHEAP MISSION INVESTMENT.
$4,500 — Rents $r-04: 'J. fiats of 5 and 6 rooms
and bath anc rear house; lot 30x100;
near Sixteenth and Valencia sts.
MISSION WARM BELT FLATS.
$i. 000— Rents SS04: r.eveK idle; four well-
built Cats: near l£th and Valencia sts.
TO CLOSE AN* ESTATE.
$5,250 — Rents $U72; 40-tcot frontage; near 4th
and Folsnm sis.
TURK-STREET FLATS.
$r>.250 — Tvvo attractive bay-windowed flats of
«i p.nd 7 rooms and bath; north side of
NEW PARK PANHANDLE FLATS.
$0,2*»0 — Two up-to-date flats of 5 and C rooms;
lour tiled martels, stationary ch'.fta
closets, porcelain tube, etc. ; lot 25i
IS! ; rents $u*"o.
PARK PANHANDLE RESIDENCE.
$5,500^ — New, elegant, modern, 7 rooms and
bath: tiled bathrooms, etc.
PAYS 12 Pi^R CENT NET.
$3,000 — Rents $4S0; five flats in first-class con-
dition; never idle: pays 12 per cent net
alter taxes. in>urance and water paid;
near Sth and Folsom sts.
NEW MODERN FLATS. .
Easiest Terms Ever Offered.
$1,000 cash — Balance on installments equal to
rents; just completed: 2 modern fiats;
Ti and ti rooms and bath; rents $52 50;
Hyde-st. cars pass.
SEE THIS TO-DAY.
Agent on property from 9:30 a. m. to 3 p. m.
LOCATION
Nos. 2C42 to 2C5<; Hyde fit., comer North
Point Ft, overlooking the bay.
UNOBSTRUCTED MARINE VIEW.
Hyde-st. Cars Pas? the Property.
ON* TERMS TO SUIT.
South of Market Investment
$750 cash — Four well-built flats in first-class
condition: brick foundation, patent
closets, etc.; rents $4S0; near Second
and Howard sts.
NELSON, JOHNSON & CO..
205 Montgomery st., opp Mills Building.
McAFEE BROTHERS.
108 MONTGOMERY ST.
CK EAP LOTS ! CHEAP LOTS 1 -
$1000 — Eighteenth Et, in Mission; cars pass;
very cheap.
$1750 — Clay st. near Maple; cheapest lot in
Pror'.clio Heights ; 25x102:8; must sell this
v«k.
fl."-<X> — Ashbury Et., near ieth; large lot, 37
X?0; cets pass.
$3500 — Northeast corner 15th and Shotwell;
broadside to tun; fine for flats; 30x85; streets
bituminized.
$1250 — First ave.. near Fulton and Golden
Gatf Park; lots 25x120.
$2730— Scott, near McAllister; 25x106; for
Cats.
fiSCO— 30x110; Pacific Heights; corner; ma-
rine view.
$1500— 50x114; 20th nr. Sanchez; subdivide;
ready to build on.
$750 — Fourteenth ave., near Clement; 20 lots;
2j>:"27 each.
$000 — Alvarado. near Sanchez; 50x114.
S2200— Fi'.lmore, nr. Waller; 24x81:3.
$10.750 — 61x137:6; fine Pacific Heights lot;
coisniandins a marine view.
MODERN FLATS.
Three fine fiats in Ashbury Heights; rent
$87; price $9750; key lot; north side of street
ONLY $4000.
New modern house of 7 rooms and bath on
Ci-.'.leg« Hoighte: most picturesque location;
rhcitered from winds and fog; lot 2Sxl50; this
is a bargain.
TO EXCHANGE.
Nice home in Western Addition; seven rooms
and bath; l"t 30x110; too large for owner; wil!
exchange for lot or cottage; price $5500.
NEW FLATS.
This side of Van Ness ave. ; five and six
rooms; rent $57 50; price only $6000.
BROADWAY.
Fine marine view lot; 01:9x137:6: with house
cf nine rooms; one of the few remaining choice
marine view lots; will f*U 2^:9x137 :<; for $10.-
000. McAFEE RROTHERS.
108 Montgomery st
HOTEL SITE.
Beautiful location fcr a summer and winter
r-Jtort; we ofOr for eale five acres of land In
eunny Mill Valley, Cal., within 2 minutes'
walk of Mill Valley depot. For particulars
e*il or address McAFEE BROTHERS, ¦
108 Montgomery st
HAWKS & SKELTON.
Rents Collected and Entire Charge Taken
of Property.
jCOOO — North side Lombard et. near Hyde;
o:d house; 10 rooms; nice garden; sheltered
from winds; fine view; lot 57x137.
jj4 000 — Lot on Drumm St.. near Market,
22:11x70: only $010 per foot; new building go-
Ing ui) adjoining and another designed to go
up f-ocr.: will pay well to improve.
$2000— Pays tig interest; $aoo rents per an-
num; Zoe el. n*ar Third and Brannan; in good
repair.
*a500— North side Sutter et., between Baker
end Lyon; good house, 7 rooms and bath. .
$10,000 — Large corner lot. Twelfth ave. and
B Et., between park and Point Lobos ave.;
240x225; good investment.
$4000— Lot on Leavenworth st. near Green;
50x00; close to Hyde or Union St. cars; will
pay well if improved.
$4500 — Lot on Chestnut Et.. near Stockton :
O> :Vxl37; street accepted; will pay well to im-
prove; will divide in three lots if desired.
$C500 — Lot S. side Jackson st., near Walnut;
60x100: rear cars and Presidio.
HAWKS & KKELTON. 223 Montgomery st
A. E. BUCKINGHAM REAL ESTATE
26 Montgomery £t. room 11.
Hentfi collected; full charge taken of property.
$.%0. 000— Fine £7:C feet Turk-et corner; well
Jn; modern building; will pay big.
$43,500 — Cor. 50-vara: Turk; 3 frontages; flne
location for apartment house, flats, etc
$10.000 — Webster, nr. Washington; 00- ft. front;
suitable for physician.
$10,000 — 3 tunny new 7-room flats, near Golden
Gate Park; grand view; rents $105
$2,375 — Clk-ap: north side Clay et., near Lyon;
fine adjoining lot, 27:6x100, for $3000
HOUSES— SUNSET HEIGHTS— LOTS.
IretallmentK; Eleventh ave., H and I sts.. nr.
entrance Park muelc etand; cars pass property.
A. E. BUCKINGHAM, 20 Montgomery, room
11. Branch ofSce, Sunset. 1215 Ninth ave.
1 1 — _____ ,
JUST completed — New up-to-date flats of 5 an<l
6 rooms, on Carl et, bet. Stanyan and Wil-
Urd. Apply to P. J- DONAHUE, 1C4 Precita
»venue. 'THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 1,1903.
38
..__:'_¦_¦ MEDICAL. i
A— DR. O'DONNELL, world-renowned special-
ist — Ladies, all who are sick or in trouble,
consult the specialist on fomale complaints;
menstrual female complaints positively cor-
rected; the unfortunate helped; relief in all
cases taken; the most difficult cases treated;
have relieved thousands of most obstinate
cases; free confidential advice on all subjects
of a delicate nature. DR. G. W. O'DON-
NFLL, office & residence, 1018 Mkt.. op. 5th.
MRS. SWEET, 606 Guerrero, nr. 18th st., a
graduate of Royal University, Berlin, has 25
years' experience in midwifery cases; all who
are sick or in trouble consult me before going
elsewhere; t3kes ladles before and during con-
finement; best motherly care; infants adopted;
confinements, $15; room & board, $5 week;
2 to help for room and board. Tel. Biue'411.
A— DR. ROSEN: this specialist exercises the
' most important of modern principles In treat-
ing and curing female complaints; ladies, all
who are sick or in trouble, obtain the best
consideration and skill, absolutely essential to
noraml results; fee .low. 1007 & Market st.
MRS. DR. KOHL— Well-known, reliable ladles'
specialist; instant relief guaranteed: home in
confinement: hours 9 to 5 and 7 to 8.
1008& Market St.. opp. 5th and nr. Powell.
MRS. DR. WYETH — Well-known ladles' spe-
cialist; 30 years' experience: private home in
confinement. Moved to 728 Post st., nr. Jones.
MRS. DR. GOODWIN, ladies' reliable special-
ist; maternity hospital; home for infants free;
foe low. 906 Market st., opp. Emporium.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable ladies'
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
LADIKS — Kumrond is safe & sure; never falls;
price $2. Gleason'sdrug store, Clay & Kearny.
i LADIES— "Neve rf ale," Pasteur's celebrated
regulator. $2. Pasteur Med~. Co.. 8 Flood bldg.
' DR. AND MRS DAVIES and HINDOHERB
original method of treatment. 1126 Market
DR. NG TOY KEE. 210 Stockton St.. opposite
TTnlon Square; all diseases cured by herbs.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mcln-
TOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
COLLEGE kennels has 8 head of dogs which
must be sold for board; also a fine stock of
dogs and pups of all descriptions; can lje
bought on your own terms. 115 Haight st.,
phone Fell US 11.
TENTS— TENTS — TENTS.
750 to 1000 new & second-hand tents to rent
and for sale. Apply ROSS McMAHON'S
Awning, Tent & Hammock Co., 208 Drumm.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st.
EAR fixtures; big stock; installments; billiard
and pool tables; easy terms or rented. The
Brunswlek-Balke-Collender Co.. 652 Mission.
NEAV and 2d-hand boilers, engines, \iynamos,
motors, pumps wood and iron working ma-
chinery. H. S. WHITE, 130 Beale st. % .
1 SEALSKIN, highest grade, same as new, cost
$250; will sell if taken at once for $90 cash;
bust 38; a rare bargain. Box 569, Call office.
FOR sale — S cows and a good milk route; also
horse and wagon. Apply 2321 23d St.. back
of City and County Hospital.
STAGE concertina; best made professional in-
strument; ?100. FOSTER'S Dancing School,
1358 Market st.
CIGARS at less than auction prices; reliable
goods; money back if not ' satisfactory.
KAHN & CO., 209 Battery st.. San Francisco.
STRONG camping or laundry* panel top wagon,
furniture, sewing machine. 3279 Mission at.
YOUNG . dogs or puppies; canaries f,or sale.
701 Howard Bt. ¦
CURIOSITY for sale — 4 canary bird's hatched
without feet, in perfect health. Box 549, Call.
35-HORSEPOWER gas engine for sale cheap
M. A. TUCKER. Clay-st. wharf.
DOORS and windows cheap. J. E. WHIT-
. TIER CO., Eighteenth and Folsom sts^
SECOND-HAND lumber, sashes, blinds, doors
and bricks for sale. Valencia St., cor. 15th.
8000 FEET 2 to 0 inch pipe, with screw, lead or
flanged joints. THOMPSON. 40 Main st.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters (all
makes). ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montg'y.
ENGINES, boilers, lathes, planers, second-hand
machinery. J. BURKE. 139 Beale st.
BOATS, launches, rowboats carried in stock
BAKER & HAMILTON.
Edison phonographs, records, supplies, moving
picture machines, films. Bacigalupt. 933 Mkt.
GASOLINE engines.' all sizes, "new and 2d-hand
and launches. J. E. DOAK, 46 Fremont St.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER.
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
FOR second-hand machlnery.englnes and boilers
go to D.J.McMaster*,SE.cor.2d & Brannan.
1ST-CLASS 2d-hand modern engines & boilers
bought, sold. Krogh Mfg Co., 519 Market st.
MAGIC lanterns, .new and 2d-hand moving plc-
tur's. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
MISCELLANEOUS 1VA.VTS.
BIG prices paid for sealskin coats; also gents'
full dress and Tuxedo suits. Portland Loan
Office. 25 Stockton St.; phone Bush 484.
I WILL pay good cash prices for old sealskins;
send pcstal; will call. Box 4960. Call.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 354 Oth St.; tel. Jessie 2851.
WANTED — Bicycle for girl 0 years old. -Box
550. Call.
Wanted — 2d-hand electric motors, all sizes, any
condition. FamsworthElectricalWks.418 Turk.
MIMiS A.Mi Ml.M.NU.
SHASTA County gold and copper mine — I have
BOO shares of stock for sale in a very promis-
ing property; will take $100 for them; will
be worth twenty times the amount j in lesa
than a year he'nee. Address box 691. Call.
SMALL gold mine, with mill: will pay from
the start: only small capital required; easy
terras. THE INVESTORS' AGENCY, 137
Montgomery St., S. F.
TRINITY placer mining— Half interest, $1000:
partially subscribed: -want investors for
whole or part. Address Trinity, brfx 202. Call.
._ MONEY TO LOAN.
HERMAN MURPHY. tiOl-602 Examiner bldg.
$4,500,000 at less than bank rates
¦ LOANS MADE
On first and second mortgages
' Life interests in estates
Property, being held in trust
Undivided interests in real estate
Estates In probate — Legacies
Assignment of rents
Life insurance policies
..Financial problems of all sorts and sizes..
If you need money
See HERMAN MUIIPHY
:.. 601-002 Exaqnlner building .....
A— R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery St.. room 3.
Loans any amount at lowest rates.
Deal direct with lender.
On first mortgages.,., »
On second mortgages.
On third mortgages.
On undivided interests In real estate.
On estates In probate.
On legacies.
NO DELAY.
Telephone Main 6516.
R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery st.. room 3.
A A— MANHATTAN LOAN CO. (Inc.).
$.'-.00 000 at 5V6 and 6 per cent in sums to suit;
City, Oakland, Town and Country Property:
3ccond mortgages, life insurance and securi-
ties; loans on unsettled estates, undivided in-
terests in real estate and legacies; will pur-
chase above securities. MANHATTAN LOAN
CO.. CROCKER BUILDING. , • • ¦ _
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second and third mortgages, estates In pro-
bate interest in estates, legacies, undivided
interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile interests, corporation loans^ Room 16.
1st floor. Chronicle big. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
RENTERS' LOAN AND TRUST COMPANY.
Safe Deposit bldg., 328 Montgomery B t..
Will make loans on.real estate. ..; -
Low rate of interest.
Long or short term.
HIGHLY respectable private .place 'to obtain
liberal f advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 840
Market st. ; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third.
MUNICIPAL Loan Office, 103 Grant ave., near
Geary st. ; phone Red 1603.
ON real estate, 1st or 2nd mortgages and on
furniture or pianos: no removal; any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER, 36 Geary st.. room 36.
$10 TO $100 loaned salaried people without se-
curity; quietly, quickly, confidentially; lowest
. rates; easy payments. Drake, 453 Parrott big.
LOANS on furniture or piano without removal;
any* amount; lowest rate; goods in warehouse;
confidential. ORMSBY. 26 Montgomery st.
A PRIVATE party loans any amount on furni-
ture, pianos; no removal; low rates: conflden-
tlal. WHITEHEAD (Wilson's). 1710 Market.
S. F. DISCOUNT AGENCY— Loans to salaried
people on their note.
THE TOUSLE Y CO. .143 Phelan bldg.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; money quick;
lowest interest; easy terms; ¦ no brokerage;
reliable party. 1170 Market St.. room 68.
ELFVING, 616 Examiner bldg; loans on pianos,
furniture,- etc., at 2 per cent without removal;
no com. ;strlctly confidential. Tel.Black 5263.
PRIVATE party loans $10 up on pianos, furn.,
. without removal; conflden. 935 Market, r. 3.
ON 'furniture, .pianos; lowest rate; no removal;
¦ strictly private. E.W.LICK, 116 McAllister st.
Mill Valley Advertisements.
MILLVAUEY REAL ESTATE.
BEAUTIFUL MILL VALLEY.
Forty Acres Subdivided Into Lots. ! ¦
We have subdivided into lots the finest prop-
erty in Mill Valley, known as the Sunnyslde
Tract; the streets have been eradedi and will
be sewered and macadamized; the tract com-
mands splendid views of Mount Tamalnais
and the bay; the North Shore Railroad is
about to expend $2,000,000 to perfect an ideal
ferry and electric line system to Mill Valley.
Send now for alats and prices and go and
look _t the property.
M'AFEE BROTHERS,
IPS Montgomery St., San Francisco. Cal.
HOUSE. 5 rooms and bath, unfurnished, up-
stairs. 3 rooms below; in fine condition; sun
all day; large lot; stable, fruit trees; fine
place for chickens; 5 minutes to depot; $17 50
per month by the year. S. H. ROBERTS,
Real Estate. Mill Valley. Cal.
2 UNFURNISHED houses, one 5 rooms, one 3
rooms; glass porch; stable below; lot 100x200;
near the Cascades: suitable for hotel pur-
poses; sunny; to rent by the season or year
or for sale. S. H. ROBERTS. Mill Valley,
Cal. * .
$1200— HOUSE, 4 rooms; lot 50x150; fruit trees,
flower garden; opposite Episcopal church: 5
minutes to deoot: sun all day; bargain. S.
H. ROBERTS, Real Estate. Mill Valley. Cal.
! MILL V ALL KY KOO31S AND BOARD.
SUNNY rooms and board; private family.
Gardner Villa. Mill Valley.
OFFICES.^
ORrHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr.Sutter;tcl.Black 5072.
Grand Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office. 415 Stock-
ton; tel. Grant ltSS; expert/reliable help.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office — Furnish most
reliable help. 524 Bush St.; tel. Bush 510.
JAP reliable housecleaning cooks, waiters on
short notice. 1233 Page St.; tel. Fell S50L
CHINESE and Japanese help: estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 040 Clay.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 51SS.
KMPLO Y3IEJVT IV AXTEO— FEMALE.
WANTED — By a middle-aged New England
woman, a situation as cook and kitchen work.
Call or address New England Woman, 1113}$
Howard st. ; call for three days.
DRESSMAKER and cloak and suit maker:
first-class cutter and fitter, wants a few-
more engagements by the day; city or coun-
try; will take work at home. MISS BARSS,
Hi De Boom st. .
RELIABLE woman with a child wants position'
in country; references; wages moderate. Box
552, Call office.
WANTED — By a German girl with best refer-
ences, situation as upstairs girl and seam-
stress; understands table waiting. Call on
Monday at Young Women's Christian Asso-
ciation, 1239 O'Farrell st.
WANTED — By a competent woman, situation
as housekeeper in institution, hotel or gen-
tleman's family; is also good nurse and seam-
Etress. Apply at 715 Hampshire St.
WANTED — In small family, situation as cook
and for general housework by German girl;
speaks English; only a short time in Cali-
fornia; first-class referta'.ees. Address care
Manager Elite Photo Studio. 838 Market st. ,
THOROUGHLY competent dressmaker wishes
work by the day. in families; city or country;
fitting warranted. J.. box 218, Call office.
STRONG American woman wants work by the
day: washing, ironing or housecleaning: $1
per day and car fare. Address box 217, Call.
COMPETENT Swedish girl desires position as
cook or general housework; best of references;
wages $30; city preferred. 872 Greenwich st.
WILL some kind elderly or middle-aged lady
or gentleman help a young girl get a high
school education? A. L.. ; box 22S, Call.
YOUNG -woman wants position where she can
attend night school. 418 Ivy ave., off Gough,
near Hayes.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wants a housekeeper's
situation or cock for 2 or 3 men. Box 1, 106
Eleventh st.
DRESSMAKER,' ladies' tailor, by the day,
$1 50. Postal to 5U3 O'Farrell st.
A YOUNG Swedish girl wishes a situation to
do second work. CalJ at 838 Harrison St.,
in rear.
WANTED — Position as housekeeper by steady
¦woman; is good cook. Apply 24S9 Mission st.
YOUNG lady would like to travel with lady as
companion. Address MISS F., 2350 Mission.
YOUNG lady stenographer and typewriter
¦wants position. Address C. P. S., 02(J MjTtie
st.. Oakland, Cal.
REFINED and reliable young girl desires posi-
tion to take care of baby In country; very
fond of little ones. Box 528. Call.
A WOMAN wants work by the day, washing
and cleaning. 1428 Broadway.
WANTED — A position as nurse or matron in
an orphanage, by an elderly woman; experi-
ence and referenceis. 1S02 Hyde st.
WANTED— Position as housekeeper In "a hotel
or ririvats residence by a middle-aged
woman; best of references; experienced. 1802
Hyde st.
WANTED — Position as saleslady in a cloak
and suit house; oity cr country; 11 years' ex-
perience. 1S02 Hyde St.
PRACTICAL ladies' nurse would like a few
engagements in confinement cases, or to at-
tend Invalid. 4-12 Fulton st.
GERMAN -woman, good cook and housework. '
withes position in small family, countrv. 173
Minna st.. near Third.
WOMAN wishes work of any kind by the day.
341 Munich st.
I LADY wishes plain sewing and mending to do
at home. Please call 27% Fourth st.
WANTED — Position-* by man and wife; wife Is
a good cook and experienced in general
housework; man good driver and thoroughly
j understands care of horses; handy man
I around private place; city or country. Box
j 484. Call office.
[ GOVERNESS' position wanted by a lady of
I education and refinement; kindergarten and
' music specialties: best Eastern and State
¦ references; no objection to country. H. K..
I Box 03. Frultvale. Cal.
AMKRICAN woman wishes situation as house-
keeper or cook on ranch; good references.
MRS. FAIRBANKS.' Cotati. Sonoma Co.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket — _00 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 i
to $G week; convenient and respectable; free !
bus and baggage to and from ferry.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. «39 McAllister st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencla. Bt.
EMFLOVMEXT WASTED MALE.
EDUCATED young man wants position !n a
business house with chance for advancement;
1 have had 7 years' experience as salesman,
bookkeeper, cashier, designer and office man-
ager of a large manufacturing concern of
Chicago and can furnish highest references
as to my honesty, experience and energy;
can make money for any house that will
give me a trial and am willing to work a
week without compensation to show my
ability; moderate salary. Address Box 545,
Call office.
A YOUNG man of good standing is desirous of
obtaining a position as collector or solicitor;
speaks German and can give best of referen-
ences. Address box 524, Call office.
SAWMILL man; can take charge of mill or
yard, grade lumber and run machines; .ref-
erences. Address box 546, Call office.
POSITION -wanted by an experienced butcher,
cutter and sausage maker; country pre-
ferred. 627 Wisconsin st.
DYER and cleaner, understands dry clean-
ing wants position; over 20 years' experi-
ence in the East. Address HENRY MYERS,
217 Third st.
EXPERIENCED salesman familiar with drug
line and grocers' specialties desires situation
in house or on road. Address F. A. S., 228
East Seventeenth St.. Oakland. O
WANTED — Position by young general office
man and stenographer; best of testimonials.
Box 238. Call. ¦ ' ¦
YOUNG, well educated Swiss gentleman, hav-
ing perfect knowledge of German. French and
English wishes situation as valet or compan-
ion. JOHN RTALDEH, 5S1 12th St.. Oakland.
BOOKKEEPER, young man,, age 25. wishes
position; eight years' experience; best refer-
fcnees. Box 236. Call office.
SITUATION wanted by young man as porter
or other york; first-class on fine horses; can
milk; city or country. Box 203, Call office.
WANTED — By an experienced blacksmith, a
position; is a thorough carriage blacksmith.
Box 226. Call office.
CHEF— First-class American cook, suitable for
springs, resorts, etc., wishes situation; lately
cooking in be~t Eastern hotels. See J. F.
CROSETT & CO.. C28 Sacramento st. .
WANTED — Job around private place; under-
stands care of horses and cows; handy with
tools. Address R. O., box 224. Call office.
GARDENER, good driver, can milk, wishes sit-
uation on private place, city or country. Box
535. Call office.
WANTED — Work mornings and evenings at
sweeping and cleaning up. Box 653, Call.
¦
OAKLAND' ADVERTISEMENTS.
OAKLAND REAL ESTAT&
WOODWARD, WATSON & CO..
VOOUWAKD, WATSON & CO..
voomvAKjj, "Watson &. co..
w uojjwaku, watson at co..
"\VOO1AV,A.KD. WAT-UN _; CO..
"WOOmVAilD, WATSON &. CO..
IKUi Broadway. Oakland.
SPECIAL BARGAINS IN LOTS.
$1200 — Cott? re, 5 rooms anJ bath; north Elde
Atlantic st., near Pine; lot 25x100.
52000 — Cottage, 5 room- and bath; on north
elde Sixteenth st.. near Brush; $50u
down.
$2250 — 2 -story, 7 rooms and bath; north side
Twenty-ninth st., near Grove; lot 50x
1.0.
$2500 — Cottage. 5 rooms and bath; north side
Fourteenth st., near Adeline; lot 30x105.
$2750 — West tide Harrison st., near Durant;
f>< _15O; fine neiehborhood.
$5500 — East side of Alice st., between Thir-
teenth and Durant; 50x135.
$3500 — Cottage, 6 rooms and bath; west elde
Linden, near Tenth; lot 2Cxl00.
$3500 — New modern _-ftory. 7 rooms and
bath: right in tuwn; north side of
street.
$4500 — Finest northwest corner in Oakland ,
for flats; B0— 100; east of Broadway.
$4550 — West side of Oak st.. north of Thir-
teenth; 70x100; faces the lake.
$5000 — Southeast corner Vernon and Perkins
Ets., opposite Senator Perkins' home.
$5000 — On Orange St.. near Senator Perkins'
home; lot 50x125; beautiful modern
house; S rooms and bath; very fine.
$5600 — Northeast corner Ninth ave. and Eatt
Twentieth st.: lot 75x125; beautiful
house. 9 rooms and bath; nlace cott
$11,000.
HOMES.
$3750 — New modern colonial house. 7 rooms,
bath and basement: west side Valdez
Ft., between Twenty-third and Twen-
ty-fourth sts.
$3S00 — New home, near Telegraph ave.: lot '
40xlS0: 2-story modern house; 8 rooms
and bath.
$7500 — Large modern house. 0 rooms; lot 65x
100: on Thirteenth St.. near Madison;
forced sale.
$8500 — A charming- home on Eighteenth st.. ;
near Filbert: large corner lot. 120x130;
liou^e of 9 rooms; very fine. \
•vTonnwARn. watson & co..
WOODWARD, WATSON ft CO.
woonwARn, watson & co..
TroomvAm->. watson ft co..
WOODWARD. WATSON* & CO..
WOODWARD. WATSOV ft CO..
003 Broadway. Oakland.
E. J. STEWART & CO.,
100S Broadway, Oakland.
£{>-,fl — Good 5-room cottace. bath, etc: good lot.
25x140; sunny Fide; easy terms; East Oak-
land.
finon — Nice lVi-story 7-room house: lot 50x
l_0; stable, chicken bouses; plenty full bear-
ing fruit, flowers and shrubs; elevated lot;
fine view.
$1750 — New house of 6 rooms and bath, on good
street, near San Pablo electric line; good
large lot; easy terms if desired. !
$1850 — Modern 5-room cottage: b?,th: fine lot,
C2:C>_140 feet; one block east of Telegraph
ave. ; see this bargain before buying; easy
payments.
$_ooo — Two-story 7-room modern residence:
bath, gas, etc.; pood barn; lot 40x100; nice
location; good view; 1 block from electric
car line; C blocks from local station.
$3200 — Best bars— in in Oakland; new. modern
house ard btoie; 5 rcorns and bath; la.*"se cor- j
ner lot; pood well water: nice neighborhood; :
near broad gauge local and electric car
lines; $_GvO mortgraee can stand; street work
ail dene; investigate at once.
E. J.. STEWART ft CO..
10'iS Broadway. Oakland. |
$<750— NO. IE McCLUKE STUEKT. j
House cf S rooms and bath, finished In thrj
latest Colonial and curly redwood finish: high
paneled dining-room, sideboards, nickel and
open plumbing, in fact, an ideal home an<i
an ideal spot; McClu» stiff t is Blackstono
Hill, elevated and sightly; all residences in
this location ranging in price from $10,000 to
$•'50,000; property taken tinder foreclosure;
terms only Sl'i'xj cat-h: first come, first
served. J. S. MYEKS. 1<XJ_ Broadway. Oak-
land. Cal.
$1750 — cost of lot only. j
Improvements griven av.ay; present income j
$15 rer month; _ houses of '-i rooms each, in
pood order and only 2 blocks from the local I
• train; near business center; owner in desti-
tute circumstances and must sell at once
for the best offer received; seeing Is believ-
ine. J. S. MYERS. 1002 Broadway. Oak-
land. Cal.
4 $4700— COR. TWENTIETH AND WEBSTER.
An ideal Colonial. 7 rooms and bath; th»
very latest in everything; larse lot; G new
houses sold In this location and only this one'
left; terms cash; price is at least SKlOU j
Lf-low the present market value on account
of raise in material and i^r.und. J. S. MY-
ERS. LOOS Broadway. Oakland. Ca).
$2200 — A NEW Sv.iss Colonial C-room house;
open plumbing; an ideal liome; first-class
ji* iphborhood ; conv<-;iitnt :n »vcry way; terms
S5(io <-r.?h: it is a beauty and dirt cheap. J.
S. MYERS, 1UO2 Broadt.-ay, Oakland. Cal.
$2500 CASH — Monthly payments made to suit
buyer; anything good we sell at on<?e; this is |
the best we have had to sell in a long time: |
3',i acres, more or less, of extra choice land; ;
a pretty _ood 5-room cottage, bath, pantry, \
jiienty closets; basement; good barn and
stable; stalls for « horses and cow; chicken
houses, brooder} 1 , incubator. "Al" windmill |
and large tank; water piped over place; city
water and sewer; the assorted fruit orchard
and choice garden you must see to appreciate;
whoever gets this will have the best to be
had this side of the bay; close to electric ears
ano fine public school: this is an ideal prop-
erty, sure; adjoining East Oakland; price in
full. $5850. Call or send for circular. 455 7th
¦St., opposite Broadway station, Oakland.
Carriage free. II. Z. JONES. Land Owner.
$250 CASH, $0 50 monthly— Modern cottage,
just finished, of 4 rooms, bath, pantry and
closets; superb soil; 4 lots, 100x100; more \
ground to it if desired: 32 new buildings gone
up in the ))ast 0 months; near church, school
and electric tars; 4 main roads surround:
away from fogs and cold v.-lnds; just the
place to raise chickens; adjoining East Oak-
land; prire in all $1500. Call cr send for cir-
tuiars. CSS ,7th st.. opposite Broadway sta-
tion, Oakland; carriage free. H. Z. JONES
Owner.
JUST completed ; an elegant house of 9 rooms,
laundry, bath, basement, furnace; everything
of the very best and latest design; plate
jda>s windows; large lot; tenns can be. ar-
rang-ed if desired. This house is situate on
the Aaam-; Point property, overlooking Lake
Mc:rrilt. ajid is in one of the very finest res-
idence districts cf Oakland. Look at this be-
fore buying elb<»where.
Lots can be had In this tract, or we will
build to suit r>U"-ehaser. GEORGE B. _L
GRAY. 454 Ninth st.
FINELY finished house of 9 rooms laundry
bath, furnace, plate glass windows; nickel-
plated opon-work plumbing; house Just com-
pleted and ready to move into; lot 50x150, or
larger if desired; f-ituate on Nob Hill of East
Oakland, overlooking palatial grounds of F.
M. Smith; easy terms can be had if desired
GEORGE B. M. GRAY. 454 Ninth st.
$350—2 ACRES above Frultvale at a bargain
Call or address ALDEN CO.. 1118 Broadway.
$1750— LODGING-HOUSE 34 rooms; clears $10n
month; fine location. ALDEN CO 1118
Broadway.
$2000— BEST grocery in Op.kland for the
money; good business. ALDEN CO 111S
Uroadway.
$1000 — GROCERY and vegetable store- paying
for 5 years; sickness cause of sale AL-
DEN CO.. 1118 Broadway.
MONEY to loan on real estate; also on furni-
ture, pienos, etc.. at lowest rates. ALDEN
CO.. 11J8 Broadway.
S. M. DODGE & SON, ~~ "
J160 BROADWAY. OAKLAND
$350 — Lot 35x134; 23d ave.; lot worth at least
$525.
$850 — Cottage. 4 rooms, barn, chicken house;
60x150; terms or cash; located Upper Frultvale'
$C50X) — Fine Berkeley home, acre of land- fin«
view; cost ( 10,000. '
$16,000— Elegant Alameda home; lot 75x175;
perfect condition.
S40.000 — 14-acre suburban home; perfect con-
dition: ideal in every respect.
S. M. DODGE & SON. 1160 Broadway. Oak.
CHEAPEST and best in America— Tbe Weekly
Call, 16 paces, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $L
OAKLAND FLKMSHKD HOUSES.
FOR RENT — Furnished, for 3 or 4 months. on<s
of the most elegant homes in Oakland; on
very favorable terms to the right party. W.
E. BARNARD. 470 Tentti St.. Oakland.
OAKLAicn run xitpre^ fo r sale.
¦"URNITURE good and cheap this month. H.
SCHliLJ-UAAS. 408 Eleventh et., Oakland.
EMPLOYMENT "WANTED— MALE^
YOUNG man, 24, English, respectable appear-
ance, good habits and very willing, wishes
employment: city or country. \ E. H., box
022. Call office. , .•
PAINTER. O. K. and all-around mechanic,
wants work for some institution or corpor-
ation: steady work is the object, if satis-
factory. Address C. J. E.. Box 541. - .
SWISS ¦ bookkeeper and correspondent In
French, Spanish, Italian, German, wishes po-
sltion. Box 534, Call office.
SITUATION wanted; young man, graduate of
business college, office experience, good pen-
man and accurate at figures; strictly tem-
perate and best of references from past em-
ployers. R. F. MERRITT, care Y. M. C. A.
SITUATION wanted by a first-class clyind^r
and platen pressman; city or country. Ad-
dress box 632. Call office.
MAN from the State of Maine, just arrived,
wants a position as clerk or head waiter in a
first-class country hotel; best of references.
Address JAMES. 596 Geary St.. S. F.
CHINESE first-class cook wishes position as
such In first-class hotel, city, country or
springs. 13 Waverly place. ¦
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
j-Cbscrlptions has been established at 1096
Valencia et. '
FLATS TO LET. .
SUNNY modern north side fltt, 0 rooms, $22 50.
¦ 5 rooms, near Hibernia Bank, $20.
7-room cottage, Webster st., $25.
' $43 — Elegant 8-room Hat. 23 Scott st.
;... SPECK & CO., 607 Market st.
ELEGANT new flat, 0 rooms; modern im-
provements; gas and electric lighted; Noe
and Elizabeth sts. Mission and 24th sts.
cars pass.. . ____
JUST finished and for rent, six beautiful up-to-
date six and seven room flats; rent $35 to $45.
- Apply to owner, premises, west. side Stelner,
south of -Waller; Haight-st. car.
NKW, Just competed, modern, flats, .4 and 5
rooms and bath; Stockton and Lombard sts.
Apply MADISON & BURKE.
?22 &0— SUNNY flat, 5 larsre roonn, bath and
pantry: fine "view; healthy location. 5_<v.
Thirteenth st. ¦-
FLAT of 5 rooms and bath; modern improve-
ments. 3446 Twentieth st.. near Capp.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 975, opp. Jefferson Sq. —
Upper sunny* modern flat of 5 rooms and bath.
MODERN flat, 5 rooms; porcelain bath; sunny;
cheap; must be seen. 3981 Twenty-fifth st.
SUNNY corner flat, 7 rooms and bath, opposite
Duboce Park; fine marine view. 3& Scott at.
SUNNY flat, 4 rooms; furnished or unfurnished.
2S33 and 2S29 Washington Bt.
TENTH, 435 — Flat, 6 rooms, bath and laundry.
TWO nice new sunny flats. 1112-1114 Fell St.,
near Scott: north side street.
UPPER 4-room flat and bath; rent ?15. 33«
Tehama st. !•:'.; .;-..' ; .-. '"¦ --.'. ''.- •¦ . '¦¦'¦'¦¦ .
$15— UPPER flat of 12 roomsi 27 Broadway.
$18 — NEARLY new' lower flat. 5 rooms, bath,
yard. 230 Chattanooga st.. near Twenty-third.
$30— FINE flat of 6 rooms, bath and basement.
1426 Green st.. near Van Ness ave.
FLATS TO LET — FURNISHED.
WANTED— A desirable tenant for small fur-
nished flat for general housekeeping; all con-
veniences. : Inquire 1503 Dolores St., -2 to
¦ 4 p. m. •¦:-.'¦¦'¦ ..¦•.-¦¦¦ "¦;.' .•.:¦' ¦¦¦¦'¦¦. ' ¦¦ "-¦•-- ...
BEAUTIFUL sunny 5-roora parlor flat, hand-
somely furnisbed. 4230 Twentieth st. : splen-
did view: few steps from Castro cars; $30.
CALIFORNIA. 1239— Furnished 4-room flat,
bath. Call Sundays 10 to 4; $25.
GOLDEN GATE. 1517—4 rms.;bath; gas range:
garden: $25; lower flat, 2 rms.. $12 50; 1 to 4.
PART of a newly furnished flat to a couple.
Box 231. Call office. .
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak, $43 50. with No. 7
— range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market. :
FOR SALE— Flat 5 rooms and bath, furnished,
at 631B Minna. Call Sunday and Monday.
FURNITURE WAXTED.
BIG price paid for furniture for 60 days; special
reasons. S. J. WAUGH. r. 415, Examiner big.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St.. pays hlKhost
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
GLOVES.
TRY Danicheff One Dollar Glove; you will
never wear others; warranted. 121 Grant ave.
HORSES AND WAGONS.
'THREE well-matched stylish carriage teams,
average weight 2500 pounds: perfectly train-
ed: two coal black teams, stand 16:3 hands,
average weight 2450; six work horses, averag.:
weight 1400, and six fine larsre driving horses.
Just from tbe country; these are all well
broken; trials given. Call at OCCIDENTAL
HORSE EXCHANGE. WM. G. LAYNG. Pro-
prietor. 246 THIRD ST.. formerly 721 How- '
ard st.
FOR sale — Handsome bay driving mare, seven
years; 1000 lbs.; well bred, speedy, gentle; to
close an estate. CHARLES F. O'CALLA-
GHAN, 39 Nevada block, attorney for estate, i
BLACK mare, 1100 pounds, 6 years old; 1 bay,
1175 pounds, 7 years old; very handsome;
good roadsters; $200 and- S175 respectively.
561 Sixteenth St., Oakland.
A LOT of horses for sale at Arcade Horse Mar-
ket, 327 Sixth St.; also buggies, wagons, har-
ness, etc. ; auction sales every Wednesday at ¦
11 a. m. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
FOR sale — One team 7-year-old, jet black, well
. matched horses, welglng about 1400 pounds
each. For further information apply to J.
B. COSTA. Duttons Landing, Cal.
YOU can find what you want In tlie horse lino
at STEWART'S Horse Market. 721 Howard
*>t., near Third; phone Main 1150.
FOR sale. Santa Rosa Salesyard — Just arrived,
pcveral fine road and business horses, new
buggies and harness. 1499 Market, cor. 11th.
$1CO — EXPRESS business; double team, 1300-
lb. horses; wagon; stand. BONNE Y, Four-
teenth and Mission sts.
San Francisco Veterinary. College — Fourth ses-
sion begins June 9. Catalogues by applying to
M. L. PANCOAST. Sec. 510 Golden Gate ave.
ONE 2-horse wagon, canvas top, iy.-inch steel '
axles. Box 205. Call office. , •
Larpest Ktock 2d-hand wagons, buckboard. sur-
rey,harness,work,driving horses. 15lh&Valencla.
AN Al express wagon, single: also light camp-
ing wagon for sale cheap. 532 Mission st.
HOUSES TOMT.
A — PRINTED list houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 M-ntgomery.
$30 — SUNNY modern .-story bay-window house
of 7 rooms and bath. 720 Broderlck st.
SUBURBAN RESIDENCES. ~~
TO rent for three months, from June 1, two
rew, modern residences. 15 rooms each; new-
ly furnished; at Stanford University, on
campus. Inquire of CHAS. C. BEMIS. 324
Montgomery st., real estate broker. ¦
HOUSES TO L.12T COUNTRY. ~
MENLO (Fair Oaks) — New cottage, 7 rooms.
bath; furnished. A. R. HARRISON. 78 Geary.
HOUSES WANTED — FURNISHED.
TO exchange, a furnished city residence for
one in San Rafael for two months. 537. Call.
H° USES F O R 8ALE. —
UNFURNISHED 8-room house, on Day St.,
cheap; to be removed immediately. Box
557, Call.
.LOST AND FOUND.
LIBERAL reward for return of ring with round
red stone set between two diamonds. DR.
ALFRED NEWMAN, 901 Sutter St.. 1:30 to
3:30 d. m. "
LOST — Gold watch fob with Chinese coin
charm, bet. Donahue fountain and Mills bldg..
Bush st. Return Pacific Mall Co., 421,Market
St.; reward.
LOST — May 29, a gold chain purse, containing
long chain and locket marked "G." Liberal
reward for return to 464 Halght st.
YELLOW collie dog. Liberal reward if re-
turned to 1S39 Market et.
GOLD pin of pearls, ruby and leaves, Friday
evening.. Reward at 402 Kearny st.
LOST — Black leather purse, containing money,
in Fischer's Theater. Leave at office of
theater or at 1710 Clay st. ; reward.
LOST — Between Oakland and San Francisco,
purse and $S5, May 24; reward. M. J.
. KELLER. Oakland. .
IT will pay to "Remember"' that the California
Watch Case Co., 220 Sutter 6t.. needs old gold
and silver to make new watch cases.
MATTRESSES ANI) PILLOWS.
TO; order; also cleaned and ' sterilized ; uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed." HOPKE BROS., 411 to 415 Powell
St.; tel. Bush 421. ' . . ,\'-'- .-¦¦ ;¦¦
Brass, iron beds; mattresses; pillows; window
shades. J.F.Hotter, 721 Mission; tel.Maln 730.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
THE MCALLISTER. 503 Van New ave.; just
opened; elegantly furnished suite or sing la
rooms, with or without bath; excellent table;
references.
CORBIN The. 836 Sutter st., corner Leaven-
worth— Nicely furnished rooms; single ana
suites; all sunny; table first clasa.
CALIFORNIA. 807 (Stevenson Mansion) — Select
family hotel: exceptional table; popular rates.
FOLSOM. 1318— Large sunny room, closet, with
board; private family; terma reasonable.
LAMBOURNE. 420 Eddy— High-class house;
furnished suites or single; steam heat.
"HEATH." 312 Eddy st.— Select family hotel;
exceptional table; popular prices.
VAN NESS. 519 — Handsome furnished sunny
suites: single rooma; first-class table board.
VAN NESS. 915 — Large sunny suite; also dou-
ble and slnsle rooms: excellent board: reas.
STABLES TO LET.
STABLE — 2 stalls and wagon room. 38 Brady
St.. off Market, near Twelfth.
~~~~ SPECIAL NOTICES.
SAN FRANCISCO. May 30.— To the Public:
There has been a great deal said about the
Hambletonlan Stables and Its men not beir.*
unionized. It Is not true. I have four men
working in my stable. They are all union
men and I pay union wages, and I am open
for any committee from any union tn San
Francisco to come and investigate my men. t
will not allow any delegate to come to my
stable and tell me that he will fix me. On
May 17th a traveling: delegate of the Stable-
men's Union asked the council to levy a boy-
cott on the Hambletonian Stables, conductei
by J J. Coalter. It being stated that Coalter
refused to employ union help and pays hia
men below the union wages. This | 3 no t
true— not one word. These are the names of
my employes: EDWARD PIERSOX
EDWARD SODERMAN.
JOHN RYAN.
JOHN H. WILSON.
J. J. COALTER. Proprietor.
BAD tenants* ejected for $4; collections madi»:
"ciTy or Country. PACIFIC COLLECTION*
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooma 9-10; tel. 358-\
gEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing; lowest rates. Tel. Green 144. 205 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, ex.; repairing
lowest rates: phone Howard 3264. 145 Sixth.
STORAGE AND "WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE>RO_>OLPH Storage & Moving Co.. of-
flce Post and Powell sts.; tel. Prlv. Ex. 571.
GOLDEN WEST Storage; advances made; 840
Mission .st. ; tel. Howard 941. F. W. Zehfuss.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 630 Market st;
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 2320 Fillmore st. : phone Jackson 281.
THE PADDOCK SYSTEMS.
PADDOCK'S osteopathy, massage. n«srve-
opathy. electricity., physical and nerve cul-
ture, scientific facial, figure and scalp work;
no cosmetics: 30 years' practice; medical
training; 7 diplomas; high-class work; at
the home or offices; hours 3 to 8 p. m.,
26 1 /. Kearny st.
THEOSOPHICAL LITERATURE.
UNIVERSAL Brotherhood Path (monthly).
The New Century (weekly): write for samplo
copies and book list to the Theosophical Pub-
lishing Co.. Point Loma. Cal.. international
headquarters of Universal Brotherhood an4
Theosophical Society.
JTYPEl^-RITERS^AN DJJUPPLIES.
greatT-TXrcains in typewriters— w«
sell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 536 California; telephone Main 2C6.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriter Inapec. Co..20a Sansome.
TYPEWRITING- Sc. MniEOGRAPHIXG.
EXPERT typewriting. 4c folio; copies. 2c:mim-
eographing. 027 Markt. rm.3u5; Howard 1539.
VITAOPATHY.
DO you suffer from rheumatism or any kindred
ailments or trouble of any kind? Try "Vita-
opathy." IVAN McLAUGKLIN. 1104 Mar-
ket, rooraa 11 & 12: free treatment Wednea.
* PROPOSALS.
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA. Berkeley-
Notice to Contractors, Builders and Material
Men: Notice Is hereby given to all con-
cerned that sealed proposals or bids _r •
solicited for performing the labor and fui-
nishing the materials necessary to the erec-
tion of an addition to the Bacon Art Gallery
and Library building on the grounds of the
University of California at Berkeley. Ala-
meda County. California, and said bid* or
proposals will be received at the office of the
' Board of Resents, South Hall. Berkeley, at
or before 12 o'clock m. of the 6th day of
June. 1902. And notice is hereby further
given that the plans and specifications of
eald building have been made and adopted
and are placed In above-named office, where
the same may be seen and examined durln?
each day from 9 o'clock a. m. until 4 o'clock
p. m. from this date until said 6th day of
June. 1902. No bids or proposals will ba
considered unless the same are accompanied
by a certified check or a bond of said pro-
peser eaual to ten (10) per cent of his pro-
posal, with sufficient sureties, conditioned
that if said bid or Droposal shall be accepted
the party proposing will duly enter into a
proper contract to faithfully oerform tha
duty and obligations In accordance with said
proposal, and plans and specifications, which
shall be and are hereby required to be a part
of such contract. The right to reject any
and all bids is hereby reserved. '
Thia notice is given pursuant to an act en-
titled, "An act to amend an act entitled.
•An act to create and organize the University
ot California.' approved March 23. 1868. and
an act amendatory of section 25 thereof, ap-
proved March 28, 1872. relating to the con-
struction of buildings." approved March 3.
1S97.
By order of the Committee on Grounds and
Buildings of the Board of Resents.
W. A. McKOWEN. Acting Secretary.
BIDS wanted— Notice is hereby given that
sealed proposals will be received by the Board
of Directors of the Veterans' Home of Cali-
fornia, at its office, room 13. 320 Sansome at
San Francisco. Cal., up to 1O:3O o'clock a m'*
SATURDAY, June 14, 1902. and opened
immediately thereafter in the presence of bid-
ders, for furnishing and delivering - quarter-
master and commissary supplies for the Vet-
erans' Home. Napa County, Cal. (railroad sta-
tion Yountvllle). for six months, commencing
July 1. 1902. and ending December 31 1902
Schedules with information and Instructions
for submitting bids will be furnished upon
application by the undersigned. Bidders will
carefully follow the conditions of the sched-
ules, antf no bid will be considered unless it la
in accordance with such schedules. Each bid-
der must accompany hia bid with a certified
check upon some well-known and responsible
banking-house for at least 10 per cent of tha
amount of his bid. payable to C. Mason
Klnne. treasurer, conditioned that the bidder
will enter into a good and valid contract upon
notice of acceptance as required by law." The>
board reserves the right to reject any or all
bids and to order any quantity over or under
the amount specified.
Address J. J. SCOVILLE, Secretary Board
of Directors of the Veterans* Home of Cali-
fornia, room 13. 320 Sansome st. San Fran-
cisco. Cal. By order of the Board of Dlrect-
ors. J. J. SCOVILLE. Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— THE GIANT POWDER
COMPANY. CON.— A dividend. No. 42 o_
fifty cents (50c) per share 'on the Issued capi-
tal stock of the company, has been declared
payable at the office of the company, rooms
202-204-206 Hayward buUdlxur. San Fran-
cisco, on June 10. 1902. Transfer books cios«
June 3. at noon. ,¦¦_.
J. R. LEAVELL. Secretary.
MABBIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses wer. Issue!
yesterday:
George A. Davovlch. 26, 1012 Greenwich
street, and Florence H. Chase. 24. 1922 Muon.
Adolph O. Cordell. 24, city, and Camilla C.
Probert, 20, city.
Jackson A. Pearce. 20. WatsonvlIIe. and
Winifred B. Carruthers, 22. Berkeley.
John C. Maxon. 26. Hammondscort, N. T»
and Jennie IV Walker. 22. Vallejo.
Claude E. Quinby, 23. 1909 McAllister street.
and Rose M. Labelle. 27. 1833 Point Lobos ave.
James F. Mackenzie, 30, Crockett. Cat, and
Agnes G. O'Keefe. 20. Crockett, Cal.
James S. Myers. 21, city, and Clara M.
yunsch. 21. city.
Merrill P. Cudworth. 23, city, and Evelyn
L. Kelley. 23, city.
Wesley W. Brown. 23. Marshfleld, Or., and
Helen L. Manning. 23. Marshfleld Or.
William M. Gregory. 43. "JBl Liberty street.
and Ruth Wolfskin. 31. Winters. Cal.
John P. Macutre. 28. V4llejo, and Lena
Schneider. 23, 1131 Filbert afreet
Raymond A. Mahoney. 25. 1007 Halght street.
and Henrietta C. O'Neil. 22. 711 Thirteenth st,
Abram G. Welssboum.. 31. Oroville. and Flora
Zinaman. 23. city.
Martin Buzinnl Jr., 22. 126 Noe street, and
Ida G. Donovan. 24. 116^. Ninth staeet.
John N. Hansen. 36. 704 North Point itreet,
and Joseflna Johnson. 34. 704 North Point •_
Edward L. Kripp. 33. Sacramento, and Clara
J. Glenn. 22. Sacramento.
James V. Sands. 24. 493 Filbert street, and
Marie M. Sands. 24. 498 Eighth street.
Joseph D. Early. 21. Ferndale, and Sarah 3.
Ooble. 17. Ferndale.
Elmer E. Bag will. 30. 602% Third street.
and Cora M. Walsh, 28. 316 Third street.
James Olson. 2tS, Stockton, and Ella Wilson,
21, Stockton. - - ...
John J. Halsch, 34, Topeka, Kan»., and Ml»
¦ MONEY "TO LOAN— Continued.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc., by private
party; no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial; Room 3, Conservatory bldg., 301 Jones.
3% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal.
Phone Black 1709; room 81. 6 Eddy, floor 4.
Money loaned salaried people without security.
¦ HILL. r. 44. Merchants' Exc. 431 California.
ONE per cent on furniture: $5 a month on each
$1000: any security. 302 Montgomery st. r. 1.
CASH loaned salaried people on note without
Indorser. MQRRELL, 609 Examiner bldg.
LOANS money on salary: no Indorser: Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. 309 Phelan bldg.
MOXEY \VAXTEp.
WANTED — $1100; no more, no less, on choice
vacant San Mateo County lands; Interest 12
per cent. S. H.. box 527. Call.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
ALL makes and grades handled; largest va-
. riety and largest Ktock. Special bargains:
3 Steinway $95 to $2sO
' 2 Knabe *S5 to $110
3 Weber $«5 to $150
•5 Hallet & Davis $80 to $165
2 Fischer .....$75 to $155
1 Bourne $J0
3 Hayncs $235
1 Kittle . . . : ; $285
Over 50,00 Heine pianos In S. F. Agents for
famous old Gabler and 20 others. Rents and
installment- $2 up.
HEINE PIANO CO.,
Heine Hall. 235-237 Geary st.
DURING the next ten days we want to dispose
of a number of nianos that have been taken
in exchange, and the price has bean marked
down on each to a point where profit is out
of the question; bring all the money you can
spare to pay down and we will see that you
: get a bargain. The Zeno Mauvais Music Co.,
70!) Market st.
ALTHOUGH many .seemingly advantageous
propositions are offered in the way of prices
and terms upon pianos, please bear in mind
that we can not only duplicate them, but can
offer exceptionally fine pianos and largest
assortment of best makes to choose from.
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. Steinway dealers,
cor. Kearny and Sutter sts.. S. F. ; Broad-
way and Thirteenth sts.. Oakland.
ATTENTION. BARGAIN-HUNTERS !
Second-hand upright pianos from $30 up.
Second hand square pianos from $30 up.
Second-hand organs from $25 up; r.ew up-
right pianos from $175 up. BENJ. CURTAZ
& SON. 16 to 20 O'Farrell st.; Chlckerlng.
Mason & Hamlin. Vose, Sterling pianos.
ANY piano sold by us taken back any time
within . 2 years and full purchase price al-
loyed on a new peerless Knabe at regular
price; cpsts you only 20c *a day to buy a
piano from us. KOHLER & CHASE, 30
O'Farrell st.; established 1850.
OUR pianos, the leading makers; prices $100
upward; values best in city. PIERCE'S
PIANO FACTORY. Market. 14th & Church.
$100— UPRIGHT piano; cost $400; for sale on
$5 installments. 1309 Gough st.. near Geary.
Leaving for London compels quick sacrifice of
beautiful large 3-pedal upright piano. 330 Turk.
$150— ELEGANT large size Fischer upright
JOS. SCHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister st/
YOU may want a piano for rent SCOTT-
CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 560 Hayes st.
THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO., 931 Market St.—
Steck. Everett. Ludwlg and other good pianos.
BEAUTIFUL upright Fischer piano: must be
sold at once. Room. 2. 237 Geary et.
A FINE Steinway upright, left on sale; no
reasonable offer refused. 235-237 Geary st.
SNAP— 2 only, new, $450; high-grade uprights,
dropped from catalogue.$250. Bruenn,208Post.
BYRON MAUZY. 308-310-312 Post St.; Sohmer
and other pianos and pipe organs.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AND STORES TO' LET.
STORE. 30x30, fronting on Natoma st. bet
Fremont and First, with goria dry elevator
basement 40x90. Inquire 143 First st.
AT 1740 Eddy st. — Large corner store and bar-
room; 3 rooms: large cement cellar, yard
and stable.
TO LET — Large sunny loft on Second St.. near
Market. Apply E. H. BAXTER. 31 Second.
DESKKOOM tb rent In Parrott building. Mar-
ket st. Apply box 234.
HALF store to let; central location; cheap.
Box 220. Call. .
PAINTERS* 1 AND PECQ^J^^-^
TRUSTING water house for papering and tint-
ing. HARTMAN PAINT CO.. 319 Third st.;
phone Red 3521. -
PALMISTRY. ,
¦S^ET^r^TiiEKRGAJ^D^re&drTTo^. 700
Post St.. corner of Jones; phone Polk 837.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. 516
Taylor st.. bet. Geary and Post;telBlack 561.
PERSONALS.
A RUPTURE truss made of steel or elastic
webbing has failed to cure 10 per cent, but
has succeeded in torturing 90. .Why does suf-
• ferlng humanity continue to buy them? It
is not from choice, for there are no others on
the market. HUNTER'S new lever rupture
holder with flexible pad has made it possible
to cure 75 per cent with our treatment. Also
a new combined rupture holder and abdom-
inal support for either sex; for corpulency It
can be used separately; for health and com-
fort they are a blessing. HUNTER'S Sani-
tarium is provided with first-class medical
and surgical attendance. 1206 Mark&t .st.
ABOUT your hair — To restore gray and faded
hair to natural color, cure dandruff, stop tall-
ing and grow new hair. The Star Hair Rem-
edy is -upenor to all other tonics and restor-
atives. It is clean and healthful, is not gum-
my or sticky; no grease, no stain; never fails.
Sold by druggists, hairdressers or our office,
3S5 Geary st. The Star Remedy Co.
VIAVI bas been manufactured for over fifteen
years; it cured hundreds of ailing 'women in
. Its tirst year and has cured thousands of suf-
ferers every year since; booklet for mothers
and daughters mailed free. The Viavl Co.,
.304-6-S Van Ness ave.; phone East 282. San
Francisco.
GENTLEMAN of means would like to meet
refined, cultured young lady, matrimonially
inclined, who could make a home happy for
true, loving husband; no agents or trifters
need reply; give lull description in first let-
ter. ¦ Box 554, Call office. * •
AN elegant line of remnants for suits to order.
$15; with these suits we make an extra pair
of pants tree of charge; other suits on install-
ments, $1 weekly. L. LEMOS, 1117 Market
st, between Seventh and Eighth.
SPECIAL CREDIT STORE— Complete outfit
$1 week; ladies' tailor made suits, skirts,
shirtwaists, trimmed hats; gents' and boys'
suits, overcoats, hats; call, open account at
our new store. C. F. ADAMS CO., 31S Mason.
HAIR doctor, Kuester, 1152 Franklin- st, Oak-
land; not expensive, because effective. If you
value hair, "Its color, scalp condition, believe
36 years' experience worth something; send
stamp for information.
AFTER a careful study of the Dewey slot ma-
chine I have found a positive way of win-
ning on the Dewey slot machine; on the re-
ceipt of 10c I will give this information to
any one. Box 579, Call.
A YOUNG widower, good mechanic, wishes to
correspond with a good girl or widow
Protestant, age 25 to 40. object, matrimony,
Widower, box 22l, Call.
BRING your goods and we will make and trim
you a suit in any style for $12 to advertise
our work. MASTEN, the tailor, 701 Geary
et, corner Leaven worth. . .
MRS. E. R. DUNLAP, 34 Kearny st—Re^
opened; hair and scalp parlors; hair dressing
manicuring, facial massage; skilled chiropo-
dy; advanced foot treatment taught.
ELECTRIC light In every room — Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third st, neat Market; 700 rooms
25c to $1 50. per night; $1 50 to $6 per week-
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenille-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. Geo. Matthews. .709 Fifth st, Oakland.
A— WHAT do i you think? O. BERMAN, 48
EUls, makes colored shirts to order; $1 each*
game as white shirts; selection 300 patterns.
DRUNKENNESS, morphine and all drug dis-
eases positively cured by The Willow Bark
Co., 1839 Polk st, S. F. ; consultation free.
WHITE enamel iron, beds, single, three-quarter
I or double, $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO., 1310-1312 Stockton st, near Broadway.
SENSATIONAL — Book for men; amusing, mys-
tifying, instructive. Two cents for postage ae-
cures one. Williams & Co.. 140 Geary st.. S.F.
ENGINEERS and railroad men can find Car-
hartt's union-made overalls at SUMMER-
FIELD & ROMAN'S. Fifth and Market sts.
BASEBALL Schedule Memorandum, Vol. 2.
. history greatest game ever played- 10c post-
pald. S. R.. CHURCH. 307 Sansome St.. S. F.
NOW ready — June styles Standard Patterns:
.all the newest designs for summer goods. J.
W. EVANS. 10_l Market st. near Sixth.
AT less than cost, uncalled-for suits, overcoats
¦ and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
tailor. 721 Market st..
MONEY loaned at low interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearln and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth St.
LIQUOR habit — A new, safe and sure cure can
¦ be given without knowledge of patient. Ad-
dress P. O. box 552. San Jose. Cal.
f'COUGH-EASY-DOGOOD" means Just what it
. . says ; try it and be convinced. 25c at your
; druggist's. - '. -i • -,-¦¦ :'¦•'¦ ) j
. ¦¦ -- :
PEIt_30^AJ^S-—Co_i^ja5d ; ____^
MY halrdressing is acknowledged to L^^*
very best: 25c for any style, u. LEDJ-**-".
123 Stockton st. . —
. A^ N bV^V?DA%.?%^»e^_^^
g S£J£S& g&g^_g_*^j^g
f G Sc^^^f^g__n_^__^
SUITS to order on installments. $1 »**™**l
Neuhaus & Co.. merch. tailors. 115 Kearny.
SUPERFLUOUS hair moles etc permanently
removed, electric needle. Mrs.Cook.4-^ a"" — ;
SPANISH lessons and translations. 613 Mc-
Alllster st. .
/RUPTURE cured: no operation, pain or a lost
/ time. Fidelity Rupture Cure. 26% Kearny.
BS8-SJ8 BuVh\ P nt__^
ELECTRIC needle specialist: superfluous hair
and moles destroyed. Mrs.H.Eaton.4-7 Sutter.
Mrs. Briggs— Superfluous hair, moles ****?°*&
by electricity. 1719 Buchanan: tel. West -5J.
Masquerade costume* at H. Anderson's, theat-
rical costumer. 26 O'Farrell; country orders.
Electric & electric light baths, massage, hot «Tr
treatment for rheumatism, etc. 233 Geary. T.£t.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles r /l n ™ V r ed v _V y
electric needle.Dr.&Mrs.Traverse.ll.OMarket.
ALFREDUMSVEgyptian Henna: restore* gray
hair to its natural color; $1: at all druggists .
ONE MINUTE TOOTHACHE DROPS CURK
instantly; 10c and 25c. All druggists.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. <33 Mk_
DR. LAMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINT, the
best corn cure, 25c; all druggists. '
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents—The Weekly Call.
16 page?, in wrapper for mailing. $1 per year_
PHYSICIANS ASP SCKGKOX9.
RUPTURE and piles cured; no pay until cured:
no operation; no detention from business; all
private diseases treated successfully; consul-
tatlon free. Drs. Forden & Porterfleld. C Turk.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence,
1021 & Mar\cet at., bet. Sixth and Seventh.
Cataracts cured by absorption; rectal diseases
without operation. Dr. Ball. 1073^ Market.
ROOMS FOtt^HOUSEIiEEPIXO.
, A QUIET and pleasant home for housekeeping;
suite of furnished sunny rooms; all complete:
gas, bath free; near school and park; rent
reasonable. St. James, McAllister and La-
guna sts.
BRYANT. 1101—2 or 3 front rooms, complete
for housekeeping; cheap.
CALIFORNIA. 1502— Finely furnished house-
. keeping rooms.
ELMS. 605, cor. Larkln — Bay window alcove;
large closet; mantel; suitable for 2 or 3.
FIFTH. 35.T — Two double rooms, kitchen, 2
bt-ds, bath, all $20; also 2. $15; one $8.
FOLSOM. C20 — Large furnished rooms on first
floor; large grounds for families with children.
FOLSOM, 834 — Bay-window and kitchen, bath; i
also three furnished, separate or all together, i
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 512 — Large sunny front '
suite for housekeeping; also other rooms.
GOUGH, 115 — Handsome sunny bay-window
parlor, exclusive kitchen and bath. $20.
HYDE. 408 — Sunny basement suite: rear; yard,
laundry, gas stove: $13; also large single rm.
JACKSON. 1513— Two nicely furnished front
rooms; housekeeping; $15.
' JESKIE. 333 — Large sunny front parlor, fur-
nished for housekeeping; gas range; $12.
MINNA. 28 — Sunny furnished front housekeep-
ing and single rooms, 75c and $1 per week.
MINNA. 281. corner Fourth — Well furnished
housekeeping rooms; also front room.
NOE. 317 — Three sunny furnUhed rooms .for
housekeeping; no children.
OAK, 117 — Newly fur. front suite; gas range,
bath, laundry, phone, running water; $14.
OCTAVIA. 14C3. cor. Geary— Large bay window
room, gas range, $10; front room, water, $7.
O'FARRELL. 1315 — Beautiful sunny suite fur-
nished complete; gas and bath; private; phone
Scott 858. . [
PINE, 1300, cor. ; Hyde — 1 corner connecting
furnished rooms; gas range; $17.
POLK. 610 — Two sunny furnished front rooms;
gas range, gas, bath; private family.
SUTTER, 428 — Lower floor. 3 rooms, furnished,
housekeeping.
THIRD. 415B^ — 2 furnished rooms; housekeep-
ing; gas range; bath; $12 50.
THREE Eunny furnished rooms for house-
keeping; no children. Box 496. Call office.
VALENCIA. 1232 — Front alcove room: furnish-
ed light housekeeping; gas stove; bath; $12.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
ROOMS TO LET — Forn. and UnXarn.
ANGELUS ; Open June 1
New fireproof brick building; 90 elegantly
furnished rooms and suites; marine view.
530 . Stockton gt., bet Bush and Pine.
ARGYLE Hotel. 234 McAllister— New. elegant,
sunny; 75c day upward: McAllister cars to
door; handsomest grill room in California.
A — BRUNSWICK House, 148 Sixth — Rooms.
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night,
ALL choice ceat sunny suites or singles; day.
week cr month; bath; phone. 332 Stockton.
BURNETT. 142fi Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH. 1233, opposite Lurline Baths — Single or
tn suite: 9-12 a. m.
CLEAN sunny furnished rooms; hot and cold
water; desirable neighborhood. Box 543. Call.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason — Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
COMPLETELY furnished offices and rooms at
315 Kearny st. : rent reasonable.
EDDY, 730 — Elegant newly furnished rooms In
suites or single.
ELLIS. 321 (Mozart)— Nicely furn. rooms. 39c.
$1 50 night; $1 50. $6 week; open all night.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 847 — Single front rooms,
furnished; opposite Jefferson Square; refer-
ences required.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 099— New and beautiful-
ly furnished front rooms with or without
board. ¦ . ,
GOLDEN GATE. 1521— f 20; gas and water
free; 4 rooms. SPECK & CO.. 687 Market.
Grand Southern. 7th & Mission — Rooms ?5c to
$1 50 night: $1 75 to $5 week: reading room.
HAYES. 136. cor. Van Ness — Sunny double
room; nice room for 2 working girls; $9.
HOWARD, 060A— Nicely furnished rooms-
closet; gas; $1 50 week; gentlemen preferred.
JESSIE. 363, near Fifth and Market— Fur-
nished rooms. $4. $5 and $6 per month.
KEARNY, 104— Front suite two unfurnished
rooms. $10; 4 rooms. $18; no children. •
KEARNY. 418— Lovely rooma and suites; rea-
sonable; select; transient solicited.
LA .SP E comf °rtable south front, furnished
$10 room for $tt 50 for the summer. 256 Call!
MINNA 067, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room; $1 per week; transient
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnUhed rooms and
offices; elevator; eleo. lights; day, week, mo
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis— Incandescent light
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par
lor: rooms, per night. 35c to $1 60- week *•>
to $8; month. $8 to $30; elevator on £o_nd
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth st
near Market— Furnished; also 3 unfurnished-
STEINER 1325. cor. EUls-2 large sunny
rooms; piano, gas stove, etc.; $18 £ r moSt?
SUTTER, 303 Vi— Newly renovated pleasant
J^^pSbie^ -»«»•.¦*» « Wfe?,
A BRANCH office for Call advertl-rtn.n*. =-..•
vSsss^sr ha8 *"» s&sssra'i'sg
cheap. E. R. N.. 2848 FolsonT it
ROOMS AND MOAUD WA.NTKO. "
WANTED— Board and room for lady's new hi
cycl. nit; divided. Box 511. Call ofnee! 'Every week brings news of the exten
sion of the facilities for working : the
mines of California by electric power.
Huge (Systems arc completed or in con
struction which will so far reduce the- cost
of mining as to materially improve the
chances for making low grade ores prof
itable. The latest electric power plant
applied directly to mining to bo complet
ed is that of the Manposa Mining and
Commercial Company, tho wires of which
extend from BayDy on the Merced River
to the company's mines at Mount Bullion
and Mariposa. A test with full voltage has
just been made and proved the line to be
satisfactory. -The Merced Star tells of
the changes that will follow the opera
tion of the power line as follows:
The capacity of the mills and the output of
the mines will be largt-iy increased, in conse
quence of the introduction cf electric power.
Heretofore power has been an expensive Kern.
The cost of cutting wood on the company's
own land and hauling it to the mills has
been $3 50 per cord. Hence, a great *avin?
will bo- made in cost of operating. .The 30
btamp mill at th£ Princeton mine '(.Mount Bul
lion) will be increased to 50 stamps, and 10
stamps will be added t& the 20-stamp mill at
Mariposa. At the Princeton mine there are
now 300 men on the pay roil, and at the Mari
posa about 00. Jn- addition to these a. lar?e
number of other laborers are employed on thy
company's property. - The teams which have
been employed in hauling wood will be needed
for hauling out lumber, as the output of the
sawmills in the vicinity this season will W ap
proximately 300.1X10 feet. Th; Colorado-Mexico
Company has begun work on a big power piant
which will be installed on -tin? river at Brbad
iiecd. about five miles abov-j Bagby. A mas
sive stone and cement dam will be erected and
an immense power will be developed, evfen at
low stages of the water. We understand that
it is the intention of this company to sell
power. Their plans are on a large scale ai»i
two years may be required to carry them out.
AMADOR IS ACTIVE.
The activity of the mining men of Araa
dor County is manifested strikingly. Ad
ditions are being- made to plants of large
size and properties are opening up lor
development that have been disused for
a time. Twenty additional stamps have
been started in the Central Eureka. A
ti-ew hoist will be put In at the Kennedy
mine at Jackson, and a largo mill will be
erected near the east shaft. After a while
the work of the mine will be done
through one shaft. The Kretcher
mine has been bonded to the Rhetta
consolidatd Mining Company for $10,000.
A twenty-stamp mill is being constructed
at the Mitchell mine near Pine Grove.
Foundations are being laid for a. new air
compressor at the Gover mine. The new
plant at Electra is supplying power to
Amador and Calaveras counties. Power
drills have been put in at tho Del Monte
mine near Railroad Flat.
A tract of eighty acres has been leased
to R. S. Grant to operate oh the Brasel- '
ton ranch, near Oroville. Th6 Cherokee
mine in Butto County is operating under
a lease.
The plans of the Stanislaus Water and
Power Company include the construction
of a water and power system to divert the
water of the middle fork of the Stanislaus
River, about twenty-five miles from So- {
nora, by flume and ditch, having a cap
acity of 15.000 inches and the generation of
21.000 horse power; also the carrying of
tOOO inches of water to the San Domingo
mine and other properties along the Cen
tral Hill and Cataract channels in Cal
averas County In the vicinity of Mur
phys, Douglas Flat, Vallecito and Angels.
' Hydraulicking at the Lancell mine at
Buckeye, Calaveras County, will begin as
soon as the ditches, flumes and pipes are
ready for operating. |The Calaveras group
of eleven claims between Murphys' and
Sheep Ranch has been, bought by J. D.
Olsen of San .Francisco. The Gwin mine
people have received assurances from the I
Southern Pacific Company that a branch
line will be run to their property. Dredg
ing for gold is going on in the Calaveras
River, near Jenny Lind. Ten stamps are
dropping: at the Giuffra mine near Mokel- ¦
umne Hill, he Reliance mine near West
Point has started to operate with a-4
stamp mill. The Stanislaus Water and
Power Company has bought the water ;
rights formerly owned by G. Batten of j
Murphys for $25,000.
High grade ore is reported to have been
discovered in the bottom of the main
shaft of the Reward .mine near Bishop,
Inyo County. >v
COMPANY REORGANIZES.
The Mountain Copper Company, owning
and operating the Iron Mountain copper
mines and smelting plant, has been re
organized under the same name in London
The local papers give the followig partic
ulars of the deal:
All the land, properties, works, plants, tene
inentB and machinery of the company in Cali
fornia, and New Jersey, where it owns a refin
ing plant, are transferred from the old com
pany to the new one. The consideration given
is a. nominal one; tho instrument carries a value
of JfSfiO in revenue stamps, indicating a valua
tion of Si. 700.000 on the property transferred.
Tho reorganization provides for a capital of
$1,250,000 in ordinary shares, par value $5
each, and $3,730,000 debentures, bearing (i rer
cent interest, or $15 each, in plac$ of >0,25O,
000 in .52.*> shares, as provided for in the ol<l
corporation. Tho debentures arc to be pai.l
off gradually, e.ventually reducing the capital
to $1.?.V),000. The pres-ent reserve fund of the
company is 1 $2,500,000, cr 40 per cent of the
capital stock.
Coa! deposit?; three In number, have
beeu found by B. A. Cardwell in tho
eastern part of Slskiyou County along
Willow Creek. He reports that tho coal
is of good quality and that the ledges aro
three feet wide. The dredger at Calla
hans has resumed work. A small mill
will be erected at the Music mine. A
strike is reported to have been made ; in
tho Enterprise mine at the .head of Dead
wood.
The Nichol mine near Groveland, Tuol
umne County, has been bought by the
Shoenberg Mining and Milling Company.
The Republican mine. near-Sonora, will
have a chlorination plant and ten addi
tional stamps. The Hardtack group of
mines, near Carters, has been bonded for
$40,000. by B. C. Holmes. The Bell mine
at Tuttietown has been bonded to W. J.
Rule and G. Buell of Stockton. The Oak
Hill Mining Company has bought the Ol
sen mine near La. Grange for $10,000.
Nevada mines are thriving. There are
sixteen companies putting 1 down double
compartment shafts at Tononah on the
line of the main veins. At the Wedekind
mine, near Rcao. the Sparks mill is reafly
to crush ore. At Searchlight the Quartet
mill i3 working. The Rambler and Search
ilHht croups of claims have "been sold.
Th<i Binghani & Welland group of mine?,
situated four miles west from Pioche, has
been sold to British Columbia parties for
£20,000.
LARGFEv PLACES DEAL.
The Redding Searchlight reports that a
large placer deal is about to be concluded
in Trinity County that equals in size the
Sweepstake deal. The story. told by the
Searchlight is that Mr. Daly, represent
ing Eastern people, has bonded twelve
miles of gravel supposed to be auriferous
lhat extends from Hawkins Bar, on New
KiVer, to China' Flat. "In connection with
the transaction all the water of New Rtv
rr has been located and appropriated. Tim
Searchlight says that tho transaction rep
resents Jl .500.000.
The Grass Valley • Tidings-Telegraph
eays that the Pine Hill mine. in. the Wolf
Creek district, is being largely developed.
CONVENTION IS CALLED.
An official call has been issued for tha
holding of an international mininff con
gress at Butte, Mont., September 1 to 5.
inclusive of both dates. The objects of
the meeting as they are set fdrth in the
call for the congress are as follows:
To encourage growth and development of each
and every State and Territory represented; to
work in harmony for such national legislation
r.s is calculated 'to Promote the interests of
th«- i?eoiilf! of the nation: Increase reciprocal
trade between the States and Territories; to dla
cu»" matters of special interest. *nd to formu
]3to. plans which will bring about the deg'rsd
result in the advancement of mining Industry
and kindred interests. Representation 1 is in
vited from States, cities, chambers of com
merce and mining association e; " • ,-
John McCallan i reports that the Waldo
Copper Company will erect a smelter near
Crescent- City and has decided upon, a
«lte. ".," . .¦ '_ ' ' ¦ . ¦ " ¦ ¦ "¦' ¦" ; ¦
FATRIOTIC SERVICES TO
ATTEND STONE-LAYING
Itlajor Edwin A. Sherman Will Direct
Exercise at the Slcat Monu
ment in Monterey. ;. 1
Major Edwin A. Sherman of Oakland
will direct the patriotic exercises attend
ing the laying of four additional stones
to the base of the Sloat monument in
Monterey to occur on ihe Fourth of July. ,
The stones are the contributions of the I
JSriners' Association of California, the :
Ctntra! Pacific Railroad Company, Naval
and Solano lodges of Masons of Vallejo
and the United States navy. The Central
Pacific stone will be laid by Uncle George
T. Brcmley. the pioneer conductor of the
company in California. Uncle George ran
on tho first trains out of Sacramento.
Since last November fifteen stones have
I.etn added to the monument's base. With
the laying- of the four stones on July 4
ofe-third of the base will have been com
pleted. Every county In the State has
been invited to contribute stone and many
have already done so. .
When the base is entirely finished Con
gress will be asked to provide the money
necessary to secure the monument proper,
for which a design has alreadv been ac
cepted. ¦ • 1
News in Army Circles.
Thirty-four recruits under the command !
of Lieutenant P. M. Cochran, Seventh
Infantry have been ordered from the
lYesidio to Fort Washakie, 'Wyoming. t
Captain II. II. Patterson. Third Cav- ,
airy, who has been on duty at Angrel Isl
ar.d. is ordered to join hia regiment now
in ramp at the Presidio.
The reprular monthly muster and Inspec
tion of all local troops took place at tho
Presidio yesterday morning. j '<
1 * ' i ¦ i '
Mrs. /Hauser's Jewelry Missing.
Jacob Hauser of 10 Fourteenth street re- I
ported to the police yesterday that his ;
wife-fi jewelry, valuett at $S7, was missing-,- J
and he was under the impression that the
articles had been stolen.
Chances for Making Low-
Gre.d3 Ores Pay Ara
Improved. '
Huge Electric Plants &re
Being Rapid y Iq
staJed.
CHEAPER POWER
FOR THE MINES
THE SAK FBA^CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 1, 1902.
39
V OCEAN TBAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
' '*%J Steamers leave San Fran-
V*5?*S»-j=-~- Cisco - as follows:
tSSwSBp. For Ketchikan. Junoau,
i RpTfcSfcS**. Pkaguay. etc., Alaska— 11 a.
I m.. June 5, 10, IS. 20. 25. 50.
I '' ; **V«tf3jiM July 5. Change to company d
i SyKl*«55§$ steamers at Seattle.
it^MSl^Sl For Victoria, Vancouver.
Port Townsend, Seattle. Ta-
~^ coma, Everett. Whatcom—
II a. m.,.June 5. 10. 15. 20. 25. 30. July 5.
Change at Seattle to this Company's steamers
for Alaska and G. N. Ry. : at Seattle or Ta-
coma to N. P. Ry. • at Vancouver to C. F. uy.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— 1:30 p. m.,
June 1. 6. 11. IS, 21, 20. July L
. For Los Angeles (via Port Los Angeles and
, . Redondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara—
: Santa Ropa. Sundays, !> a. m.
State of California. Thursdays. 0 a. m. .
I J'or Los Angele3 (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Cruz, Mon-
terey, San Simeon. Cayucos, Port Harford tsan
Luis Obispo). Ventura, Hueneme and 'Newport
i (*Bonlta only 1. • . „„ , , ,
1 ' Coos Bay, 9 a. m., June 7, lo, 23, July 1.
: Bonita. 9 a. rti., June 3.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bar. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz, Santa Rosalia,
1 Guaymas (Mex.) — 10 a. m., 7th each month,
i For further information obtain folder.
Right is reserved to change steamer3 or sail*
• "TICKET OFFICE— 1 New 1 Montgomery
i street (Palace Hotel).
C. D. DUNANN, Gen. Passenger Agent.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen. Agents.
10 Market gt. San Francisco.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
, • FOR
'f LEAVE SEATTLE:
(SENATOR 9 P. &L, JUNE 1
VALENCIA 9 P. M., JUNE 7
' , And fortnightly thereafter Surlng the season.
Steamships CITY OF PUEULA and QUEEN,
leaving San Francisco May 20 and May 31 re-
spectlvely,- connect with above steamers. Th*
1 new and elegant steamships Senator and Va-
lencia made regular trips to Nome last year,
landing all passengers and freight without loss,
mishap or delay. For passenger rates and Noms
J folder, apply """KET OFFTCE. 4 New
Montgomery street (Palace Hotel).
C. t>. DUNANN. Gen. Pass. Agent.
GOODALL- PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents,
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
OR.& N. CO.
ONLY STEAMSHIP LINE TO .
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Line From Portland to Ml
Points Ease. Through Tickets to All
Points, ali Rail or Steamship and Rail, at
LOWliiS'x' 3k*~A.'X'JSa.
Steamer Tickets Include Berth and Meals.
SS. COLUMBIA Sails.. June 2. 12. 22. July 2
SS. GEO. W. ELDER SAILS.. June 7. 17. 27
Steamer sails from foot of Spear st.. 11 a. m.
D. W. HITCHCOCK. Gen. Agt.. 1 Mong'y. S. F.
2!£O«Sli3£«b SJLfh ZEALAND «nn SYCMET
VV^«HlV4£^Vy3 DIRECr USE TO TAHITI.
SS. -AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti .".'.
Sunday, Jane 0, 10 a. m.
SS. SIERRA, for Honolulu, Samoa. Auckland
and Sydney Thursday, June 12, 10 a. ra.
SS. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu
Saturday. June 21, 2 p. m.
J. D. SPRICXILS k BEOS. CO., Gansrai A21S., 329 Maffit
Gei'l Pass. Offics, 643 MarKst St., Poer No. 7. Pacific it.
KOSMOS T_.T3STB.
SS SERAP1S, 4000 tons, CAPT. W. RICHERT,
Saillne June tf, 1902.
For Mexican, Central and South* American
ports, will carry passengers. Special rates to
South America. This steamer Is equipped with
electric lights and other modern Improvements
and carries an experienced physician. For all
Information regarding passage, rates, etc.,
apply at office of
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS.* CO.,
643 Market St.. General Agents.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION GO,
And Cia Sud Amaricana d3 Vaporas
To Valparaiso, stopping, at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3, cler 10, 12 m.
PALENA June 7 TUCAPEX. July ID
AREQUIPA ...June 27 GUATEMALA -Aug. 6
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
(No change at Aeapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger office. 316 California street.
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO.. Gen. Agents.
11 AMERICA* LINE.
NEW YORK. SOUTHAMPTON, LONDON.
Kt. Louis.June 11, lOamrSt. Paul. .June 25. 10am
Phila June IS. lUam|«t. Louis.July 2,10am
KE1 STAR LI.\K.
NEW YORK. ANTWERP. PARIS.
Freesland.June ll.nooniVaderland June 21,noon
Southwrlc.June 18,noon|Kroonlnd..June 2S,noon
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.,
CHAS. D. TAYLOR,G.A.P.C.,30 Montgom'y st.
C0HFA6NI5 GENERALS TSANSATLAHTIQU3.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS^
Sailing every Thursday. Instead of wSilKXW
Saturday, at 10 a.- m., from Pier 42, ' t^S^m
North River, foot of Morton street.
First class to Havre. $70 and upward. Second
class to Havre, .$45 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA, 32 Broadway (Hudson building), New
York.. J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Pacific Coast
Agents, 5 Montgomery avenue, San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Ralload Ticket Agents.
j CHICACO |
*'.'* LESS THAU
3 DAYS
From
San Francisco at 1O a. m.
, CHICAGO, UNION PACIFIJ
& NORTHWESTERN LINE
1 Pullman fourteen-sectlon Drawlng-Koom
I and Private Compartment Observation
I Sleeping "Cars, with Telephone. Electric-
reading Lamps In every Berth. Compart-
ment and Drawtng-Room. Buffet, Sinnk-
ing and Library Cars, with Barber and
Bath. Dining Cars— meals a la carte.
Klectrlc-lighted throughout.
Daily Tourist Car Service at 6 p. m.
and Personally conducted Excursions «very
Wednesday and Friday' at 8 a. m. from
San Francisco. The best of everythlnj.
R. R. K tlC HIE
i 617 MARKET ST. Gen. Agent Pacific Coas
> Palace H-.tel San Francisco.
"korth shore railroad. '¦
. Via Sausalito Ferry, .
Commencine April 27, 1002.
Ttrom S\N FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
FROfll =>A± AND gAN RAFAEL
wp-FK DAYS — ti:45. *7:iG, 8:45, 9:30, 11:00
a m 12:20. •!:«./ 3:15, 4:15, 5:15. *6:1S.
0-45, '0:45. 11:45 p. nx. 7:15 a. m. does not
'^i'nDAYS^tIoU' 8:00, •oroa '10:00. 11:00.
U-30 am.. 12:30, *l:3i>. 2:30, »a:45, 5:00. e:00.
7-'iO 'J'45. 11:43 P- tn -
'Train's marked <•) run to San Quentln.
FROM PAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAXSWiM, »6:20, 7:40, 8:15, *9:30,
11:00 a. m.. 12:23. 2:15, »3:aO. 4:10, 5:30, 6:45,
6:00. •S:00.'0:30. '11:00 a. m..
•12:00 m. l;00. 2:15. '3:30. 4:10, *5:45, 6:43.
T*'i0 10*15 I?, ni.
¦Train*' marKed (*) start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5 :*0. 6:40, 7:4.-., 8:25, 8:45.
UilO a. ».. 12^33. 2:43, 0:50, 5:10, 5:20, 7:10,
1 °« 1 itx^Sa I ?S— C::50, 7:53, 10:0o. 11:10 a. m..
12a5/l.-20. 2:30. 3:45, 5:00, 6:05, 7:15, 10:4li
P- m ' THROUGH TRAINS.
7:45 a. m. week days — Cazadero and way
"'smS^'p. m. Saturdaya— Casadero and way
stations. week y3 (Saturdayg exempted).
Toroales and way statlon»._
'8:00 a. m; Sundays — Cazadero and* way
Et 10 -Off a. m. Sundays — Point Reyes and way
* "Holiday boats and tralna will run en
Sunday time. •' ¦¦'¦.¦ T
W \tnc .*H*'lE fASi AND fyl
;: YUKON ROUTd {
" • Shortest and quickest route to At- <¦
" lln, Rig Salmon, Wlilte Home, ,,
tn Ilootalinqna, -Stevrart River, ,,
ii Klondike. Koynlcnk and Yn- ,
,i Iron Mlniupr District*.
ONLY DIKBCT iIM-To DAWS N ¦ !'
:-,, • TEX DAYS SAVsFRANCISCO TO
-.,,¦ DAWSO.V. . ' i
For full Information apply to • "• ' " |
" J. FRANCIS LEE. ' S. j». BROWN. " |
t Traffic -Mgr., Seat-Oen. Agent, .536 "I
.<¦ tie. "Wash.; Skag- Market at., San ¦ " (¦
t . uay, Alaska." 'Francisco. t \ i
STATEMENf;
—OF THE-
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
—OF THE-
' INSURANCE COMPANY
OF. HARTFORD. IN THE STATE OF CON-
nectlcut, on the 31st day. of December. A.
D 1U01, and for the year enfllng on that day.
as made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
Stat6 of California.- pursuant to the pro-
visions of sections 610 and 611 of the Political
Code, condensed as per blank furnished by the
Commissioner:
CAPITAL. • • .; '
- Amount of Capital Stock,' paid
up In Cash ...:.. $1,250,000 00
! ' ' ASSETS. ' ~- ~~
• ' Real Estate owned by Company.. $942,500 00
> Loan? on Bonds and Mortgages 793,200 00
Carh Market Valuo of all Stocks •
and Bonds owned by Company.. S.132,555 91
• Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds Stocks and other mar- .
', kttable securities as collateral;. 4,800 00
Cash In Company's Office 47,160 57
Cash In Banks 677,990 63
• Interest due and accrued on all ¦
Stocks and Loans 47 72
1 ¦ Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 11.305 85
1 Premiums In due Course of Collec-
", tion ••• 1.651.8S0 06
1 f Due from other Companies for re-
H lnFurance- on losses already paid., 17.026 71
! i Total Assets $12,250,076 45
LIABILITIES.
> Losses adjusted and unpaid $300,182 26
', Losses in process of Adjustment or
; In Suspense 72.", 61 8 06
¦ Losses resisted, including expenses. 63.591 01
Gross premiums on Fire Risks tan- #
' ning one year or less. $5,795,-
¦ 134 72; reinsurance 50 per cent. . 2,807,567 36
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. $7,743.-
1 C3<1 40: reinsurance pro rata... 1 . 3,900.937 32
Commissions and Brokerage due
I and to become due 113,325 00
', Tctal Liabilities $8,008,221 01
; "...'V: INCOME.' =====
! i\>t cash actually received for Fire
premiums $9,653,783 03
Received for Interest on Bonds
i- and Mortgages .-.. 39,807 36
! Peceived for Interest and dividends
• ' "on Bonds. Stocks. Loans and
I from all other sources. 320,025 82
Received for Rents 17.399 02
¦ Received from all other sources.. 179 73
i Total Income $10,031,195 SS
EXPENDITURES. "" J " ==
Not amount paid for Fire Losses
(including $5S1,241 46. losses of
previous years) . . . - .$5,242,822 91
. Dividends to Stockholders 400,000 00
. Paid Or allowed for Commission or
. Brokerage 1,707,772 30
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
cfi&rges for officers, clerks, etc. 567.851 83
1 Paid for State. National and Lo- ,
cal Tuxes 198,288 S2
All other payments and expend- .
itures •••• 1,096.635 51
Total Expenditures $9,213,371 39
, I ' Fire.
! LCise3 incurred during the year... .$6.075.881 18
Risks and Premiums! Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of
Itisks wr 1 t t e nl
during the year. l$l,019,06S,207 $11,614,027 12
Net amount of
i Iiisks exp 1 r e d
I during the year. 748,100,591 8,856,697 23
j Net amount in
fcrce December
SI. 1901 1,221.092.701 13,538.771 12
GEO. L. CHASE, President.
P. C. ROYCE. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 3d
day of January. 1902. M. B. SCOTT.
1 . . Notary Public.
i ______
HENRY K. BELDEN, Manager.
WHJNEY PALACHE, Asst. Manager.
313 California. -St.; S/F.
'united^states branch! "" *
STATEMENT
. • :OF THE- —
I CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
—OF THE
ASSURANCE COMPANY
OF LONDON. ENGLAND, ON THE 31ST
day of December. A. D. 1901, and for the
year ending on that day. aa made<to the In-
surance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
! fornia. pursuant' to the provisions of sections
610 and Cll of the Political Code, condensed
as per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Capital ...:; $25,000,000
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In
Cash 2,750.000
ASSETS.' -— — —
' Real Estate owned by Company $173,170 87
Cath Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company D9S.312 80
Cash ' In Banks 54,285 35
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans. 1,750 CO
Premiums In due Course of Collection ¦ 40,084 91
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken '
for Fire and Marine Risks 565 00 i
j Rents due and accrued 475 00 1
Total Assets .................. .$877,643 6J I
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $2,458 00 j
I Losses In process of Adjustment or
' ln# Suspense 2,483 71
fosses resisted, including expenses.. 427 t>4
GrcFs* premiums on Fire Risks run- '
ning one year or less, $221, 007 9S; .
reinsurance 50 per cent; 110,803 09
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, $10S,-
079 03: reinsurance pro rata....... 65,341 56
Commissions and Brokerage due! and
to become due 6,340 CS
Total Liabilities $187,SC5 78
INCOME. ' ' . ~
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums $257,C53 04
Received for Interest and dividends
on ]jlonds. Stocks. Loans and from •
all other sources. 22,044 17
( Received for Rents 13.707 M ¦
Total Income $203,46171
. EXPENDITURES. ' . ~
Net amount ' paid for Fire Losses .
(including $4,452 27, losses of pre- ;
' vious year*) $67,900 73
Paid or allowed for Commission or
¦ Brokerage •• 61,617 31
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc. . . 13,288 24 '
Paid for State, . National and Local
takes 3,754 99
All other payments and expenditures 20,4«3 77
Tctal Expenditures . . . . . . . ..$107,125 04
- ¦ ¦ - • ", Fl-,e. '
Losses Incurred during the year. . . . $68,073 87
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the ' .
year- ........... $20,201,300 $337,954 19
Net amount of - Risks
expired 1 during the
year - .' 22, 732, 131 279,881 96
Net amount In fore*
.December 31, 1901.. 23.727.10S .330,587 01
KAML. It. WEED (of Weed & Kennedy),
' ".-'*' -Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before tm, this 27th
day of January. 1902. ¦
. . GEO. II. COREV, "
Commissioner for California In Nftw York.
¦ Pacific Coast Branch
416=418 California St.,
! San Francisco, Cal.
C. f. MULLtNS, n E. T. NIBBLING,
. - Managers Asst. Manager.
BAY AND BIVE& STEAMEBS.
>0R U. S. KAYY YARD AND VALLEJfc
Steamers GEN, FRISBIE r or MONTIGELLi)
1 0:45 a. m., 3:15 and 8:30 p. m., except Sun-
day. Sunday, 9:45 a. < m., 8:30 p.m. Leaves
Vallejo 7. a. m., . 12:30 noon,- 6 p. -m.,- except.
Sunday.- Sunday, 1 7 a,, m.. 4:15 p. m. Faro 50
cents.- ¦ Telephone Main 1508. ¦ Landing and I
office, pier 2. Mission-street , dock. ? HATCH 1
BROS. " ,-\,'.'.
STATEMENT
—^-OF THE :
CONDITION AJMD AFFAIRS
. " OF THE ' ••¦."¦¦
CALEDONIAN
AMERICAN
INSURANCE CuMPAWY
OP NEW YORK, IN THE STATE OP NEW
York, on the 31st day ot December, A. 1>.
1001, and for tne year ending on that day, as
made to the ¦ Insurance Commissioner ot the
( State of- California, pursuant to the provisions
I of Sections 610 and 611 or the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner.
CAPITAL. «
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up in
Cash ..$200,000 00
x ASSETS. ¦ . ..- V
Cash Market Value 01 all Stock3 and
Bonds owned by Company f 202,200 00
Cash in Banks »,05'J la
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 1.0S3 41
Premiums 'in due Course of Collec-
tion....... S.SOS S3
Due from other Companies for Re-
insurance on losses already paid. . 8,638 95
Total Asset* .$318,782 42
. LIABILITIES. '
Losses adjusted and unpaid 53,130 07
. Losses in process of Adjustment or
I jn Suspense 6,521 76
Losses resisted. Including expenses.. 1,250 00
Urues premiums on Fire Kleks run-
ning one year or less. $15,073 00;
reinsurance 50 per cent 7,836 40
Gross premiums en Flrg Risks run- .
nlng more than one year, $U043 20;
reinsurance pro rata 5 571 $n
All other liabilities v s.731 S3
Total Liabilities $33,042 60
. INCOME. =====
Net cash actually received for Fire ii
premiums $51,851 20
Received for Interest and dividends /
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans and from
all other sources 11,330 6°
Received for profit on realization of
Investments B, 900 03
Total Income $69,242 05 I
EXPENDITURES. =
Net amount paid for Flr6 Losses (In-
cluding $27,316 52, losses of pre-
vious year?) $S6,676 S2
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage . 5,632 SI
Paid for Salaries, I<%es and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc... 4,863 2°
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes • 3,221 60
All other payments and expendi-
tures.... • 3,005 01
Total Expenditures $104,301 86
Fire.
Losses Incurred during the year $81.130 81
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
.Net amount of Risks
written- during the
1 year ... $15,703,775 $160,556 23
Net amount of Risks •
expired during the
year ............. 16.lSt.773 113,850 14
Net amount In, force
December 31. 1901.. 2,210,863 24.716 20
~~' CHAS. H. POST, President.
N. A. McNEIL. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this
29th day of January. 1902. /
H. E. FRANCK, Is'otary Public.
Pacific Coast Department
323 Ca f if ornia Street,
San Francisco.
GEO. W. BROOKS, THOS. J. CONROY.
Asst. Manager. Manager.
BALFOUR, GUTHRIE & CO., Directors.
UNITED STATES BBANCH. ;
STATE/WENT
THE-
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
. OF THE .
MANCHESTER
., ASSURANCE COMPANY
OV MANCHESTER, ENGLAND. OX THE
31sfday of December, A. D. 1901. and for
the year ending: on that day, as made to the
Insurance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
• fornia, pursuant to the provisions of sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed
as per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
in Cash $1,000,000 CO
ASSETS. ~
Real Estate owned by Company... $4,2S2 77
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company.. 1,547,320 00
Cash In Company's Office 721 47
Cash in banks. 55,272 34
Interest due and accrued on all ,
Stocks and Loans. 5,554 17
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion 255,103 45
Bills receivable, not Matured.
taken for Fire and Marine Risks ; . 418 10
Due from other Companies for Re- •
insurance on losses already paid. . 2S5 20 I
Due from special agents 205 OS ,
Total Assets ..'?l,se9.102 67 1
LIABILITIES. ~ ~
Losses adjusted and unpaid -. $70,584 51
1 Losses in process of Adjustment
! or In "-Suspense 83,30158 1
I Losses resisted. Including expenses 24,048 03
Gross premiums on Fire Risks
• running one year or less. $1,086,-
' 401 43; reinsurance 50 percent.. 513,200.70
I Gross premiums on Fire Risks
I running more than- one , year. -
$982,085 09; reinsurance pro rata 515,179 97
All other Liabilities 09,097 67
Total Liabilities ?l,314,502 44 '
• INCOME. . • j- j
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums $1,412,716 S3
Received for Interest and dividends
¦ on Bonds, Stocks, • Loans and
I from all other sources 57,204 17
- Total Income $1,469,921 00
EXPENDITURES. ¦¦ .
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(Including $177,911 73. losses of
previous years) $1,104,034 68
Paid or allowed for Commission or 1
Brokerage ••• 2S7.630 45 ;
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc. . 92,274 63
Paid for State; National and Local
taxes .....;...... .'."• . '. 51,578 75
: All other payments and expendi-.
tures ; 92.842 12
Total Expenditures ........... $1,029,360 53
I ' ..- '/.-¦: . Fire.
Losses Incurred during the year.. $1,121,396 56
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums..
¦ Net amount of Risks
written during the
ysar $1S2, 497,401 $2,108,292 83
Net amount of .Risk* - r •
expired during the
year 1S9,348,63S 2,121,957 C6
Net amount In force t > :.'
December 31. 1901.. 100.340,213 2,060,3S7 43
»- ' GEO. S. A. YdUNO.U; S. Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 7th
day of February, 1002.
EDWIN F.COREY,
Commissioner for California.
' '. Pacific Coast Department
323 California street,
San Francisco*
GBO. W. BROOKS, THOS. J. CONROV,
Asst. Manager. /Manager.
BALFOUR, GUTHRIE & CO. .Directors.
: OCEAN TBAVEL. ,
TOYO KISEN KAISBA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on" board on day
o* taltlni:.- ' '" •-' '"-.;
S3. AMERICA MARU X .............. i
........... ... :'.... .; .Friday. June 0, 1902
8S. HONGKONG MARU ..................
......... :.'..v..r.:.8aturday, June 28, 1902
SS. NIPPON MARU. .Thursday. July 24, 1902
, Round-trip * tickets 1 at reduced , rates. For
freight and- passage apply at company's office,
421. Market rtreet. corner Firer. ¦.--...• , .-
_ • ' ' W. H. AVERT, General Aeent. '
pervices at I o'clock. Interment Holy Ctobs |
(..eir.etery.
O'NEILL— In this city. May 31. 1902, Joseph,
l«eloveU husband of^he late Bridget O'Neill,
and father at Joseph. I" lorence and Clara
ONeiM. Mt6. Ffahh McQuaid and Mm. Wil-
iiam \ Honison, a native of County J.clUim,
lrel_a!i<1. aged 71 years.
E7Fneb4S and acquatntanres are reppect-
fuliy Invited «o attrriii the funeral to-morrow
• MonOsy). at 8"30 o'clock; from his late re»l-
¦ «I?nrc. 113 Fourteenth street, thence to St.
i"harlejs Church, irtaerc a solemn requiem
ln"s li mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, cominf-ncinc at y v o'clock. Inter-
knent Holy Cross I'emetery. . .
OTIH--ln llils oily. May 30, 1002, Mrs. Mary
i-'ri'Ft OtU>. beloved mother of Mrs. AV. II.
Boos, Geoice D. Otis and Mrs. W. H. Hart-
ley. :i native of Windham. K. U., aped S-'J
yeara 3 months and *j0 days.
tC,-""'-"rie;-.<Js ana artiualntancrh are rc-spect- 1
fully invitPd to attend tho funeral Sunday
Kfternoon. .nt 2::J0 o'»:lotk. from ber late rcfi-
d".-!op, I<i-17 Walnut street, Berkeleyi
RATMOXP— In Oakland. May 31. 1002, Julia
M. Raynicnd, widow of the lat» Dr. J. C.
RaVmond, . « natixe rf New York, apted 73
yea re 5 months and ;: days.
rtOSENFELD^-ln New York. May 2S, 1002.
Jolin Rosenfeld, a native o? Bavaria, Ger-
many. a.geu 70 years ;{ months and G days.
K?" Frienos and awiuaintanees sre respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Tuesday.
Jviiip :t. ot 0;:j0 o'clock, from the narlors of j
the Lick House, rorner of Montgomery and
Batter* ttreets. intenner.t Home of Peace
Cemetery, by bnecial train from Third and ;
Townsend streets at 10:45 o'clock.
TRUAX— In this city. May 31, 1902, "WiHK j
beloved r<jii of Alice and the late Stephen ,
.'fruax. and brother of Howard, Lizzie and '
Stephen Truax, a native of San Francisco, ,
seed 13 years 3 months and 25 day*. |
WYNN— In This city. May 30. 1902, James '
Wrnn, liMoved son «f Elizabeth and the late ;
William Wynn. ar.d brother of William J.
and John E. Wynn. a native of San Fran- |
(.isco. aged 35 years 4 months and 12 days.
EyFrien<3f« and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral fb-morron-
(Monday), at (*:o0 o'clock, from his late
residence, 412 I.aikfn street, thence to St.
Ignatius Church, Van Ness avenue and
Hayes street, where a solemn requiem mass
¦n ill be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy !
Citbs Ctmefry.
Florist* Co . !
V^- / ARTISTIC FLORAL DESIGNS j
Prices Reasonable . I
107 POWELL ST.ncaaELLIS S5056
STATEMENT
OF THE- —
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE .
IFIRE ASSOCIATION
OP PHILADELPHIA. IX THE STATE OF
Pennsylvania, on the 31st day of Decem-
I ber. A. D. 1901. and for the year ending on
: that day. ps mads to the Insurance Commls-
Elcncr of the State of California, pursuant to
the provisions of sections G10 and 611 of the
Political Code, condensed as per blank fur-
nished by the Commissioner:
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock paid up
in cash ..; $ 500,00000
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company.. 6X2,100 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages.. 1,371,570 49
Caen Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company.. 3,132,919 25
Amount- of Loans secured by
pledge of Bonds. Stocks, and
other • marketable securities as
collateral 66,850 00
! Cash In Company's Office 28,973 78
Cash in Banks : 214,355 94
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 28.S38 48
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 30.141 OS 1
Premiums in due course of collec-
tion 888,240 U2
Du^-for Salvage on losses paid.... 1,013 41
Rent? due and accrued 2, COO 56
Due from other Companies for Re-
insurance on losses already paid. 7,550 02
Total Assets $6,315.216 02
LIABILITIES.
Lr.fr*>* adjusted and unpaid % 190,565 00
Lom's In process of Adjustment
cr In Suspense '. 175,935 64
Ix»-Bes lesiEtert. Including expenses 4»,0t>4 'M
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less, $2,371.-
:;29 24: re-lnsuranen 50 per cent 1,1S5,G64 62
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. $2,560,-
455 07: re-Insurance pro rata... 1.397,177 51
Amount reclaimable by the insured
on perpetual fire Insurance pol-
icies 1,906,027 47
All other liabilities 360.648 10
Total Liabilities $5,265.0S3 38
INCOME.
Ket cash actually received for Fire :
premium* $3,216,972 17 1
Received for interest on Bonds and
Mortgages S5.9T2 07
i:e«.«Jvfd for interest and dividends
on Eonds. Stocks. Loans, 'and
from all other sources 157.766 SI ;
Receivel for Kents 25.752 '_'<) !
ToUl Income $3.516. 463 28
EXPENDITURES.
N»-t amount paid for Klre Losses
(Including $24«.183 37. losses of
.previous yeare) ...» $2,084.034 30
Dividends to Stockholders 200,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission
or Brokerage 798.142 19
PjO<1 for Sciaries. Fees, and other
duwgea for officer*. cl*rks. etc- 236,440 03
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes 05,448 23
All other payments and expendi-
tures 155.910 02
Total Expenditures ........1. $3,569,975 79
Fire.
Let-*** incurred during the year. ¦$2,223.716 90
nTfhs and"' Premiums. IFire Hicks. I Premiums.
N*-t mount of Risks!
uritteti during . the
j-Jar T ($340,732,328 $4,359,881 «
fJtt amount of Risks , -. ...
expired durins thel
j*,r • 311.571.332 3.815,637 01
V»-t amount in fcrcej
iWemher 31. 1001.1 40S.113.644 4.037,784 31
""- ~"-~" K C. IRVIN. President.
M. G. GARRIGUES. Secretary.
Ccfcscrlbed and ».vvor:i to before me. this 22d'
da-' of January. 1902. / ' •-
EDWIN S. GAULT. Notary Public.
SAN fRA\CI5C0 DEPARTMENT:
j. M. BECK .... '..Manager
219 Sansome Street,
San Francisco, Oil.
TELEPHONE MAIN* 5024. ,
KAIL WAY TBAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Trains leave ami aco due to arrive at
JfACAXCIsCO.
(Main Ltne. toot of Market Street )
i.catb — From Jc.vk 1. I'we. — irnavi
7X0 a Bonicla, Suiiuo, tliuiraand Sacra-
ment> 6.55p
7.00i Vac*villc, Wlnter'.Kuhisey 7.55*
7.3Qa Jlartinez, Sin Kauioo. Vallejo,
Xapa. (Jalistoya. Ssutn Kosa.. 6-25r
8 00a Davi-t. Woodland. KniK^ts Laudlns,
MarysviUe. Orovitle 7 55f
8.00a Atlantic Expre.-ts—Oijden and East. 8-25 «.
8.00* Niles, Latnro?, Stocfcton 7-25?
8.00a Stiles, Meaitota, llanford, Vlsalta,
PortervlUc 455"'
8 30a Sh-»sta Express— I»avis. WtnUms
ffor Bartiett Springs). Willuwft,
Ked IJIufl, Portlao* 755? '
8.30a San Jo»e, LIvennore. Stockton,
lone. Sacramento. PIscerville,
Maryyrille. CUtco. Red lilmr 4-25*-
8.30.» Oabaale.Chinese,Sonora,TuoIumne 4.25P
9.00a Vallejo 1225r
9.00a Los Anseles Express — Martinez,
Tracy. Lathrop,sitocl»ton.Merced.
Uayinond.Fresoasnd LosAaseles 8.254
930a Vallejo. Martinez and Way dutious 753?
10.00 \ Hnyward. Siies aad Way Stations. t12-55i»
10.03a The Overland Limited — Ogden,
Denver. Omaha. Chicago 5.2a*
! t100r« Sacramento River Steamers til. CO?
3 03p Benlcis. Winters. Sacramente,
Woodland. Williams. .WtlJuwa.
Knights Landing. Mu'rysvllle. '
Oroville 1055*
3.30p Hayward, Kites and Way btaflons.. 7 5jP
400p Mart!nez.SanKamon,Vancio,Napa,
Ca!Utog», Sauta I Josa 9 -2a *
4.00p Xlles, LI verraore, Stockton. Lodf.. 1225p
4.30p Haywiird.Ntles.San.'oge.LiTermore f855*
4.30p The Owl Limited— Fresno. Tulare.
B&kers9eld, Sauzus for bantu
Barluira, Los 'Anze'.e* 8-55*
S.OOf PortCo»ta.Trncv.Lathrop.Stoctton 1025*
5.00? Martlnex. Antloch. Stockton, Her-
red, liaymond, Fresno 12-25I*
t530f Xlles Local 725*
6.03? Hay-ward, >ft:es and San Jose 7.5o*
t6.00P VhUcjo 11.254
6.00P Oriental Mall — osden, Denver,
Omsba. S:. Louis, Chicago 4-25* •
7.00P San Pablo. Port Costa, JIartluez
and Way Station* 11-254
J7.00F Vallejo 755*»
80op Oregon & California Express— Sac-
ramento. Marysrfile, Redding.
i ~-- Purtlind. Puces Sound and East. 8-554
t3.1Qp Haywardand Nilea i11-5o4
COAST LINE (virrow Vans*)-
( root >f .Market Street.) __
}7.45a Santa Crua Escarsl.;n t8.C5»
8-15a Newark, Cencerviile. Saa Jose.
Fellon. Boulder Creek, Santa
Cruz aad Way Statlon« 5 50*
+2-15P Newark. Centerville. San J.<»e,
New Almaiien. Felton, Eouldtrr
Creek. Santa Cruz aad Principal
Way Stations 13504
4.1 5p Newark, Saa Jose, Los Gatt)».v t8-504
64.1 5p San Jose. Los Gatoi. S»nt» Cru/. . . '-8. 50*
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAN F HAS CISCO, Foot of Mnrket Sr. (Slip S)
— 17:15 9:00 11:00 A.M. 1C0 3 CO 5.15 P.M.
From OAKLAND, Foot\>f Bro*<lvr»y — +S:OU y ; oO
t!«:05 ,JQil»*Jt. 12 00 2 DO 4.00 p.m.
COAST LINE <Kroad «ao«e).
<Tntr(t »nU Tournscn?! Street*.) <
6.10a fan Jose and W»y S tattoos 6-364
+7.00a San Jo»e and Way buttons +8-C0*
/'.7CA NewAlTiarten /4.10>
j7.15a Monterey Excursion ;8-3Q*
8.00a Coast Line Limited — Sun lose,
Gilroy. Sallnai!, San Lais Oblspo,
Sinta Barhxra. Los Angeles and
Prlnclp*! Intermetliate Stations. 10. 45*
S-00a San Jose. Tres Ptnos, Santa Cruz,
Pacific Grove, Sitllnns, S-n Lnl»
Oblsiw and Principal Intermedi-
ate Stations 4-10*
10.30a San Jose and War St»t*'in» 8-3S4
11.30a SanJo»e,:LogG<ito»andWa}-StikC!on3 tfl.CO*
a1^0p San Jo*e and Way Stations a700*
230p San Mateo. Hedwood, Palo Alto,
Santa Clara, San Jose. Tre«
Pinos. Santa Cvuz, Sallnan. Del
Monte. Monterey aad PaclUc
Grove 10454
t330P San Jose and Way Stations 7-30F
t4-C0P D-:l Monte Express— Only stops San
Jo*e j — t120iF
4-30-p San Jose and PrtncipalWavStntlons 1-30?
to 00p S»n Jose, Los Uatos and Principal
WayStatlons B.30»
5.30 f San-Jone and Principal Way Stations 8.30 f
tS.15? San Mateo. Belmont. Iiedwood,
MenloPark. Pato Alto t8-4S4
B.30P San Jose aad Way Stations 7-30*
7.C0p Xew Orleans Express — San Lnl»
Oblspo, Santa Barhar*. Lo3 An-
freles. Demlnsr, El Paso, Xew
Orleans and East 10 134.
a 1 1 .45 p San Jose and Way Stat Ions. imm
Afor Mornlns. P for"Afternoon.
t Sanday excepted. t Sunday only.
a Satnrday only. c Monday only.
6 Saturday and ./Tuesday aad Friday.
Sunday only-
Santa Fe
Trains-Daiiy.
T..eave Market -street Ferry Depot.
j i Ufm'dl
Local Mon& Ovrrd Ixx:al
Daily Thurs Daily Daily
Lv. San Fran 9:00 a 9:00 a: 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 12:10 p 11:15 a|ll:15 p 7:13 p
"Merced... 2:1" p| 1:17 pj 1:30 a
** Fresno... 4:10 p' 2:.'55 pi 3*15a
" Hanford.. 5:58 p
" \'isalla... 5::»p 3:00a
" Bakersftd 8:10p 5:20p!":35al
V Kan. City 2:Sl a! 8:02a
" Chicago 2:15 p| 8:47 pi i
a ror morning, p for afternoon.
9:00 a. m. traip is the California Limited,
carrying Palace Sleepins Cars and Dining
Car3 through to Chicago. Chair Car runs
to Bakersfleld for accommodation of local
first-class passengers. No second-class tick-
ets are honored on thia train. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 11:10 p. m. Tuesday
and Friday.
4:20 p. m. is Stockton local. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 11:CO a. in. dally.
8 p. m. Is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers anil
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at tt:00 p. m.
dally. ;
9:00 a. m. is Bakersfleld Local, stopping
at all points in S<ra Joaquin Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at S a. m. dally.
Ofticee — &tl Market street and in Ferry
Depot, San Francisco; 1112 Eroadway;
Oakland.^^^^^^^^^^^^^_^^^^^^^^^^
CALifOrfNIA KORTBWESTEfiN KY. CO
L.ESSEE5
SM FFJNGISDJ A»J wd.ir* PACiriJ
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot ot j&z..*U.et St>
SA*»I FRANCISCO TO SA!H liAPABI*
WEEK DAV8— 7:30. 0:CO. 11:00 a. m.; 12:U5.
3:30, 5:10. 6:30 p. as. Thursdays — Extra trin>
at 11:30 f. m. Saturdays — Extra trips at
. 1:50 and 11:30 o. m-
StTNDAYS — 8:00, 0:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:30,
5:00 and 6:20 p. m. ¦
SAN 11AFAKJL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:00, ,7:35, 7:50. 9:20. 11:15
a. m.: 12:50, 3:40. 5:00, 0:20 p.m. Satur-
, days — Extri trips at 2:05 and 6:33 p. m.
SUNDATS— 8:00. 9:40. 11:15 a.m.; 1:40, 3:40.
4:55. 5:05, 6:25 p. m. _-
Leave J In Effect I Arrive
San Franclscol May 4, 1902. jSan Francisco
Week I Sun- I Desttna- I Sun- J Week
Days. I day. | - tlon. | days, t Days.
TiaOa 8:00 at Ixnaclo 9:10 ai S:40»
3:30p 9:30a{ and 10:40a| 8:40»
5:10 p 3:C0p| Kovato 6:05 pj «:20>
t 7:35 p[
7:3Oa[ S:0Oa| Petaluma 10:40 a| 8:40 '»
3:30 p 9:30 af and «:05p!l0:2Oa
5:10 p[ 5:00 p; Santa Ro»a 7:35 p| 6:20 p
Fulton 1
7:30 a Windsor * 10:20*
6:00 p Healdsburs 10:4O a
Lytton
Geyaervllle
3:30 p 8:00 a Cloverdala' 7:05 p 6:20 p
7:30 al 8;00 al Hopland |10:-l0a|10:2f) a ¦
3:pOpf 5:00 PI . Uklah | 7:35 pj tt:20p
7:30 a! 8:C0al Wlllita ) 7:35 pj 6:20 t>
7:30 al 8:0Oal Guerneville I 7:35.p';10:20 a
3:30 p| 6:00 p| [10:40 a| 6:20 t>
7:30 al 8:00 al Bonorna , I 9:10 al 8:4"O»
5:10 p| 5.00 p| Glen EUen | 6:05 p[ 8:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 al Sebastopol 110:40 a 10:20 a.
3:30 pj 5:00 p| | 7:35 p 6:20 p
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altruria: at Lytton for Lytton Springs; a:
Ueyserville for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdah*
roi the Geysers and BooneviUe: at Plop land for
Duncan Springs. Highland Springs, Kelseyvflls.
Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay, Lakeport and
Bartiett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs.
Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dei I
Lake. "Witter Springs. Upper Lake. Pcmo, Pot-
ter Valley, John Day's, Riverside. Lierley 1 *.
Bucknell's. Sanhedrin Heights. Hullville. Orr's
Hot Springs. Halfway House, Comptche. Camp
Stevens. Hopkins. Mendoclno City, Fort Brags,
Westport, Usal; at Willita for Sherwood. Canto,
Covelo, Laytonville, Cummings. Bell's Sprlass fc
Harris, Olsen's. Dyer, Pepperwood, Scotia ana
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at ra-
juiced rates.
: On Sundays^ — Round-tr«p tickets to all jwlnts
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office, 650 Market st. Chronicle bulld-
"fi. C. WHITING. R- X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
1OUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leave Via Sausalito Ferry" 1 Arrivs V
San Fran. Foot of Market St. San Fran.
fr»>-»- day*- a. -r»,« ot tmA -^- y i 55L 9 :
):30A. 8:00 a. f^" wtamlat Imm u X3> 12*13 P. 9.1-3A.
::15p - $%a -^»«*fw«* 5:g *• o:55p -
"i^ p; "T*nn of thufw*- £50 V. Z'ZZ'.
'.'.'".'". 2:30 r. t>r««iit!».j«rro<raa. o-l^r, ...,...,.
~SITU33iTS ML!—U«>. 1***™ 9-X ,. Su TruxAm 11 J» •.
xijktt oisc* «a jiARsxi sTnutrr ui sac3alito roOT..
VTtntani r». BroVn. "T. \".2\ Pine rtreet. ard
Cra« f B. ?Ia;'i2«s. 5f. l<.f.)U L*>av«nw.jrtli street.
Chartee !l. landl, Z\, tit.v, tnnl Kloronce
J. !•• ;r-, ;.". city.
Hnth. marrlace r.tiO Okatlt notices ecih by
tomil wn: not b* inwited, T:.ey musl bs l:ana«:d
m ut eiU.«-r vi.ltot uulylji&iion bFUC«a and t>?
i!i«J.ii«j w itii the nbme nn.l leriflenr.c of pc:-
t^ji.s MilUufuefi tu l.t\o »!ie eamc pubiifheU.
BORN.
OP.Kl;N!C-I:, th!n ofty. llay 2n. ISXli. to the
«ifo .j< Titofaai; V. t;re-ti.>. « wjn.
)l'-iIN_-in tliis .-i U . May 17. VMS. to the- wife
• •I Theodore S. lloin, a dsrucluer.
Ill M.VKI. -In tins ..ity. May is. ir«C tu the
»itv ut Gewse w. llotmavl, h »un.
KK1XY— In tins . ity. Ma> VS. 1902, to the
«)!.- ,.f . harl.K K-Hy. a daughter. '
L.\iki:n< i; ... -i,, it.ip tft v. Mav :><.<. 1902. to
tlie v;fp .1 j : n. s LaCTMtoet a daughter.
LENICAJiT- In this <'ity. Mny '.".•, I'.'-'C. V> the
•rti« oi !¦:. n. I^rhtit. ¦ 8;t>.
UMtALXh- !n this city. Mav 11. l!>02. to the
••1S« ol «.;. </ Lindautrr. » "»;»uclitr>r.
MAN-XINO.-in this ri(y. M a y-t.'l!h^. to" the
«il»r ot 1 -n-u.-ri.-k 1C. Mai.n.nir. a s...n.
Ai\ in JJvil-.!, a i-cn.
OI oT°k : "\l" te ci ' y ' -¦ |B - V lw -' lo tllc wlfe
oi U. \\ . •jis.in. a noii.
r-Fr.IKFliR — In thiF n1v. M.:>- Z*. 1902. to tbc
~*" e -' A. U l':>Ift>r. a wti.
»''-HJl,i;- In . O;j.v .ity. Mav 20 V>C" to th?
;.T n /<~ , n - ti? <Uj - Mh >' -•*• J""^- 1 ° ihc
c— !_ H feyn.
MABKIED.
M1 ,1^ HELI 'T CLARK — ln th « -*•«•¦••• •>>.
•* Li - V ,* llp KfT. Dr. John A. II. Wilson,
u iliiani h«. J.fitrhrll and Helen l'\ Clark, both
ot tan
2 f" L f? L X AG *--'"> I' 1 ' 85 e!* v . M»V 25,
S* "S th * K*Y} Dr. A. 15. Wilson,
Henry tanner WHson and Mrrtle i?clvag.\
L-.-tli of t^anta Uosa.
DIED.
Bullard. ?amuol E. I^ttis, Frank
Ivutlor. Oavid M. McGoniK'.e. Nellie
Callahan. Man' Mengan, Thomas F.
«-*rroll. Patrick u'Urien. Jolin T
Connelly. Patrick F. <'J»onneIl. Hucij
u&vicoon. U'm. a. O'Neill. Joseph
Feldmann, otto Otis. Mrs. Marv F
Of-rrant. itaMOh Uayrnond. Jrlia M.
Oilmorc. FortBt A. Uoeenfeld. Jolin
Uoldpjan. Solom.m Truax. Willie
Kahn, Martha Wynn. James
Kerrlsran. Jarncs
BCtXAUD— At e-a. May 27, l<Ki2. Samuel K..
df-arly beloved liusl..and of Minnie E. Bul-
lard, fathPr of Edna I. and Maud J. Uullard,
»^n of Mrs. L. l'>ull?rd. brother of Mrs. .1.
»-. Swas^y and Oeorgp, AVlllte and Edith
i->ull«irU, and f-on-in-law of James Nelson,
aeed :jl years and .'. months.
Ul'TLER— At tan Anselniu. Marin County,
Cal., May :!(.i. 1W2, David M. Butler, beloved
ton of Michnel and Mary r.utler. and brother
fit Kate. MaRglP. Xellie. Thomas and Jose-
phine Uutlpr. «i native of Fan Francisco,
aged 22 years 4 months and 25 days.
SCT'Friftids and acquaintances are respect-
/ fully invited to attend the funeral on Mon-
day, from Si. Raphael's Catholic Church in
Sin Rafael, where a eoktnn high requiem
mass win be celebrated for the repo.=e of hfs
t-oul. commencing at » ocluck. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery.
CALLAIIAN— In this city. May 30. 1902.
Mary, beloved wife- of the late Cornelius
Callahsn. and mother of John F". and Tim-
othy J. Cailahgn, a native of Countv Cork, ;
Ireland, ag^ed 80 years.
CKrlfnd.* end acquaintances are respect- '
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
o^indsy), »t r_':30 o'clock, from her late
rssMeik*. 10 White street, off Vallejo. be-
tv»-en Kyde and I.arkin. thence to St. Brig- '
ide Church for services. Interment Holy
Crcts Cemetery.
t'ARKOLL — In this city. May SO. 1902, Patrick
Carroli, a native of County Limerick, Ire-
land, aetd 77 years.
CyThe funeral tviil take place Monday, j
Ju:ie 2. at fc:45 o'clock", from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church, where a
requiem high mass will be celebrated
lor the rerxne of his soul at a o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CONNOLLY— In Oakland. May 51; 1902. Pal-
rick F.. beloved hus-band <>f Mary Connolly, i
iathT of May i;., Esther F.. William J. aiid 1
Catherine J. Connolly, son of Mrs. William
Connolly, and brother of Mr?. J. 11. Colllup
je«rs 2 months and 24 days. - j
C^TNc-tlce at funeral hereafter.
l»AVlEj"ON— In Alamfda, May 30. 1C02. WH- j
Ifua A., b-lovc.1 son of Thnjius W. and the i
latv niia r>SAids..n, and brother of May, J
H.-.renre. I-iTllp.n and Henry Davidson, a na- !
live of San VtM-ttcteca, uff-d-14 years. <
S~yFrir-n<1* and acqu&fntancts are respect- j
!u-lt\ :uvjted to attend the funeral Sunday. >
Jtne l,,,»t J :->O' o'clock, (fctn the home of'
Mrs. Forest. S-W" Ceatral av t -nuf. thence to
t^r. Somph'tt <hurri, where Fervi<-e« will be (
h*-!d at 2 o'c!o<k. Intern;ent eft. Marys
Cemeter;-.
l'KLDMAXN— rn liie City and County Hospi-
tal. May ol. U«r?. Otto Feldmann. a native
•of Gerraany. aged 4S year?.
GKRKANP--1-1 PendWon, Or., May 4, 1902,
Jcset'h. Bfleved hi tband cf Minnie Gerran?.
»r.d father <»f Johrr* R. and Minnie Jane
Orrari!--. a native of Encland, aeed C-5 >eai.-
ann 3 r.'ontlis.
OILJIORE-ln ihif <ity. May :». 1»)2. ForeFt
A., beloved dauehtcr of E. f. Gilmore, and
detfr of KdHh M. and Q. S. Gilmore.
C7"Tha ¦ funeral will take place to-day
rSondorl. at 1 :30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 2S77 Folsora street. Funeral and in- !
tfrment i-rivate. i
GOLUM.VN— In Uiis city. May 31, 1002. Solo- i
n;an Goidman, dearly beloved husband of j
Lena Goldman, .and father of Mir. Aurusta I
Hoficnthal of Hawthorne, Nev.. Mrs. Bertha
rJcF^ntiial and Lcui8 of- Merced, a i
native of Linnc-r. Poland, a^red %6 years. !
KAl'N — In. this city,' May 31. lf»02. Martha. •
dearly be!ove.l and only daughter of Joseph '
and the late Alma Kahn. and Bister of Clif-
ford K&hn, a native of f^n Francisco, aged
10 years 2 months and ;; days. (Chicago
lepers' f«!«-aee eery.)
CTTriends amj acquaintance!? are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
• Monday), at ?:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of H. F. fc-uhr & Co.. 1137 MJ^lon street, be-
tween Seventh and EUrhth. Interment I. O.
O. F. Cemetery.
KHHRIOAN— In this city. " May HI, 190*_*.
.Ts'.ne^. beJovtd £jn of Da.niel and Blsxey
K^rriran, tni brother of Annie and John-
nie Kerrigan, a native of San Francisco,
apf-d -i je."trs= 2 months and 13 days.
LATTIG— In thi* city. May 'SI. 1902. Frank.
beloved son of Frank J. and Belle Lattig. a
native of San Francisco, aged 7 years 4 '
months and 29 days.
CSTrier.ds ar.ft acquaintance* are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
'Monday), at !»:•% o'clock, from the parents'
i-esjjence. 50'^. Bryant street, thence to t?t.
IV»e"s Chur<:h for services. Interment Holy
cros.-; '"'cmetery.
McGO.VJGLE— In this city. May ."1. 1002. at
he- residence, ill* Alabama -street. Xelll",
beloved dzogbter of p late Dennis nnd Jen-
ni* UcOonUie. and dexoted and Idolized «ih-
:'-i- r,f Tbomaj P., Jennie and John McGoni-
Cl- sn-l the late Mrs. Annie Relgelruth, a
natl'-f of F*u Fr'ftncltco.
MANOAN — Fritnds and B.ccuaintancf*! are rc-
Rpertfizlly invited to attend a month's mind
at MifPloji Dc-lore* church for the repose of ¦
the eoul cf the late Thomas V. Mangan, to- ,
morrovr < Monday), at 9 o'clock.
O'BRIEN*— At fc't. Vinrer.t'K. San Rafael. May '
29, 1U02, John T.. beloved son of the late
iimothy and Lucy O'Rrien. anfl rtcarly fo«" ,
loved cousin of Way Murphy and Dennev
•-» I>i(?n. a native of ?an Francisco, aged l'J
: c ars 11 ruonths sind 2J days. (Eostoti..
Map*., papers please ropy.)
C7"Fr}en<js and k cq.ua intances are re*p«ct-
f-jlly Invrtf.l to attend the funeral to-day
"Sunday*, at 12:30 o'clock, from the parlors •
Ot McFadden. McBrearty £z Green. 1171 MiF-
i-ion street, thenct to Sacred Heart Church
for services. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
"TXJ^'NELI In this city. May 29, 1DC2, I
Uumh. beloved husband of Catherine O'Don-
welt and father of Bernard. George, Mary. :
Arnle. KatJe. Hugh and the late Joseph !
'Vrjonnr-ll, a. native of Buncrana County. | ;
Deneml. Ireland, its^ii *>y years O months j
and 7 da>«. j
ty Friend* and acquaintances are respect- '
fully ii.\itf<j to attend the funeral to-day I
• S-jrxiayi at 12:*J(J o'clock, from the parlors j
•<f M'Fa«den. McBrearty A Green. 1171 MIs-
j-l'-n yii^t. thence to St. Joeeph's Church for
HENRY J. CALLACHER CO.
<Euccetror to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
iMMtL P. DONOVAN. Mgr. '
1XNEIUI, iJlKtCTORS EMBALMEItS. ,
SO Filth i-t.. eppofite Lincoln School.
. Telephone Southi M. . j
Mt. Ciivet Cemetery, \
NEAREST THE CITT. |
Office, 616 Market Streei.
Telephone Bush SC7.
f EW FIRM OF LNDERTAKERS. \ ;
£amuel McFad4en. IS years manager for I ' \
tl,e United Undertakers' Association ; M. J. j I
McErearty. with the tame company for 10 i , ,,
jf-ars; I*. F. Crten. late with J. C. O'Con- S , *
nor & Co.. have opened new Funeral Par- *, I
lor« at 1171 Mission st., between Seventh l i »
«nd Eirhtn. Telephcr.e South 44. J | ',
JAMBS AlcGINiV, I .
Fcrmeriy 'with McGinn Bros., has opened |
rnyu- Funeral Farlors at ill FJddy St.. bet. \
Taylor and Jcnes. Telephone South C7U. |
1 * 27 and 29 Fifth St. Tel. South Iff 1 . -
I rUKCRAL DIRECTORS AVB EMHAI.MEH5.fl \
I Finest ~ t:<fuip«t\«-nt 4>t Moocrafr Ratfa. 4ARAB PATROLS
WILL TURN OUT
Shriners Are • Coming
From Every Part of
the Union.
An Official Badge Is Adopted
• by Islam Tem
ple.
All the members of Islam Temple of the
Ancient Arabic Order of the Mystic
Shrine are .actively preparing for the
Siiiriners' week in this city, which will
open Monday, June 9, and close with the
midnight hour on the following Saturday.
It is expected from letters received at
the headquarters of Islam Temple that
not less than twenty-five out of. the
eighty-three temples in the United States
v ill be in this city. Among those that
have signified their Intention to make the
|iil£-rimage to the far West are the follow
ine named temples:
Al Malaikah of Lob Angeles; Mecca of Xew
York; Damascus of Rochester. X. X.I Lu Lu of
Philadelphia: Al Koran of Cleveland, O. ;
Moolah of St. Louis, Mo.; Syria of Pittsburg,
I'a. : 7.* Ga Ztg of Des Moines. la.; Al Kader
cf Portland. Or.; El Jebel of Denver; El Zagal
of Kargo. N. D. ; Aleppo of Boston, Mass.; Mos
lem of Detroit, Mich.; Syrian of Cincinnati. O.,
and Medianah of Chicago. In addition to these
the following temples lrom the Northwest will
be represented: Algeria. Helena. Mont.; Afifi.
Tacoma. Wash.; El Katif, Spokane. Wash.: El
Korah. Boise City. Idaho; Kl Riad, Sioux City,
S. D.; Korein. Rawlings. Wyo.. and Naga,
Dead wood. S. D. These temples will have from
70 to 400 nobles each in this city.
STRENGTH OF SKRINEBS.
The strength of the Shriners in the
tnited States may be judged from the
membership of some of the largest tem
ples, such as Mecca of New York, which
has a membership of 4002: Aleppo of Bos
ton, 321G; Medianah of Chicago, 32S0; Lu
Lu of Philadelphia. 28S7; Syria of Pitts
burg, 194S; Moslem of Detroit, Ih44; Svrian
ot Cincinnati, 1137, and Islam of San Fran
cisco, V2S.
SPLEITDID DECORATIONS.
From Denver. Toledo. Pittsburgh De
troit, New York and Buffalo will come
Arab patrols to join with Islam's patrol
lxi the great day parade during the week.
Each patrol will be attired in full Ara
bian costume, similar to that worn by
zouaves, and these will make a pretty
and picturesque part of the procession,
that will be headed by the mounted pa
irol. Noble George K. Neal, who Is -to
command the mounted Arabs, wanted all
of them to be on camels, but after much
correspondence he ascertained that it was
impossible to obtain the number requisite,
and therefore, as one of his brother no
bles said, "he has decided to secure
horses and imagine that they are cam
els." It is estimated that in addition to
the patrol there will be enough nobles in
full dress suits and red fezes to have be
tween WOO and 6000 persons in the parade.
The decoration committee will have
Golden Gate asylum, in which the Impe
rial Council will hold its short business
cessions daily, decorated in Oriental
splendor, ami the Pavilion, where the
principal events are to take place, will be
made gay with flags, bunting and ail that
goes to make up an attractive feature.
The banquet that is to be given in the
Pavilion will be one of the largest ever
given in this city, being surpassed in
numbers only, so it is said, by the banquet
that was given in this city in 1S55 to cele
brate the capture of the Tour Malakoff
during the' Crimean War. At that time,
in a tent nt South Park, covers were laid
for 2500.
Another feature of decoration will be
the lighting of Market, part of Montgom
ery and part of Kcarny streets with
6trings of electric lights and the display
Cf Shriner flag^ and emblems.
The official bad?e issued by Islam Tem
ple is of aluminum bronze and has the
crescent and sclmetar and Egyptian head*
Pendant from the latter is a Shriner
astride of a grizzly bear with a noose
around its neck, and the Shriner is "hold
ing on to the rope." A new style of but
ton is one similar to the small gold one
vorn. but is also of aluminum bronze
and has added to it a small piece of metal
in the shape of a rope.
DELEGATES ENJOY HIDE
TO THE PABK AND CLIFF
tion Boyally Entertained by
Local Committee.
Members of Letter Carriers' Conven-
The delegates to the first convention of
the California State Association, National
Association of Letter Carriers, were
guests of the local reception committee
yc-stcrday. They were driven to the park.
Hiff and Presidio, and enjoyed a pleasant
afternoon. In the evening a reception was
held in the basement of the Native Sons*
building. A special entertainment was
presented. Members of the Olympic Club
and the Columbia Minstrels took part In
the- programme. Refreshments were
served.
The officers of the org:aniz?.tion are:
President. A. K. Ebpy, Los Angels; vice
president. C. V. Buttte, San Francisco
secretary, \V. H. Smith, San Francisco;
treasurer. Dan Hallahan. Oakland; dele-
Rate at large, Charles Haywood, Berke
ley.
Spends Day "With Commercial Men.
Baron Elichi Shibusawa. the Japanese
nobleman and multimillionaire merchant,
v.-ho arrived in this city on Friday, spent
yesterday in examining Into the methods
ot^,c 1^ cal c °rnm«rclal organizations, for
which, he states, he entertains great ad
miration. Guided by President Newhall
and Secretary Scott of the Chamber of
Commerce, he was shown around the
busings district arid the city's public
buildings. He expects to leave for the
tast the first of this week *
Eeinsurance Bates.
Reinsurance on the British ship Elliot, out
304 days from Carrtzal. Chile, for Baltimore,
v.as yesterday advanced to 85 per cent. It U
said that the Elliot hag not been on the drv
dock for more than two years and was very
foul when she left Carrizal. She is an iron
vepgel and her chances of safe arrival arc
thought to be good. Speculation on the Gtr
nian ship H. F. Glade, now out 224 days from
this port for Queenstown.' and quoted at &0
per cent, is still active.
Overdue Tweedsdale Arrives.
The British ship Tweedsdale, on, the rein
sured list at 40 per cent and overdue from
Hongay for Pugpt Sound, was reported yes
terday at Neah Bay, safe and sound The
.Tweedsdale was out from Hongay, a port on
the Chinese coast.' 143 days. She belongs to
the famous Dale line and has a reputation for
tpeedy jiassages.
Schooner Viking Sold.
Word •*¦*$ received yesterday at the Mer
chants' Exchange of the disposition of the
¦wreck of the schooner Viking, which recently
¦went ashore a.t Unga. Superintendent Brown
of the Apollo mine has purchased hull and
cargo for $G30 and has given the shipwrecked
mariners work in the mine.
Strong Breeze on the Bar.
The wind celebrated the passing of May yes
terday by romping across the waters of the
bar at a forty-mlle-an-hour gait. The piiot
boatE were able to remain on their station for
the reason that the bar was not. breaking but
it was a case of short sail and a sharp lookout
el! day. • .* •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; SUNDAY, JUNE 1, 1902.
SACRAMENTO, May 31.— Michael Nolan,
formerly of San Francisco, is being held pend
ing the filing of a charge of mayhem. He It
accused of having bitten a piece out of th«
face of J. Farmer, with whom he was fight-
Ing. The police say Nolan shot a man in Bail
Francisco some years age*
Did Not Entice a Sailor.
The charge of enticing -E. U. Simsonsen,
a sailor from the British ship Stronsa.
last Sunday, against John Murray and
Harry Hansen, boarding-house masters,
was dismissed by Judge Cabaniss yester
day. Slmonsen testified that neither of
the defendants made any inducements for
him to leave the vessel, but he left of hi3
own accord. '
Engineer Corps Smoker.
The first . engineer corps of California,
recently organized by Major Brisbow and
which has now. a membership ~of sixty ac-/
tive members, gave its first smoker In
its new headquarters at 1970 Page street
last night as a housewarming. There
were addresses by the . organizer of the
Hock Island Route Excursions
Leave San j Francisco every "Wednesday and
Sunday, via P.io Grande and Rock Island Rail
ways, and via Los Angeles an«! El Paso every
Sunday and Tuesday, via Southern Pacific and
Rock Island Railways, for Omana. Kansas
City, Chicago and all points East. • For furthei
information address Clinton Jones. General
Agent Rock Island Railway. «524 Market St. •
satisfied that they would do everything in
their power to make his administration
sucessful.'- - No , men in the department
were, in. his opinion, better suited for the
work, and they: would - always ¦ find a
friend. in him so f long as they honestly
and ' conscientiously did their duty. He
closed by paying a high compliment to
his predecessor. • : ¦ v
Captain Seymour then, shook hands with
the men and left the room with Captain
Martin, who immediately assumed charge
of the department.- although he will' not
formally do eo until this morning. ,
¦"> Dr. Carrie Edwards,' eye, ear, nose and
throat, ha3 removed her offices to room
410,' S25 Market street. , ' ' ' •
"Plunger" Johnston in, Trouble.
George Canty, a seafaring man, secured
a. warrant. from Judge Fritz yesterday for
the arrest v of. George Johnston, known as
the j "colored plunger," on the charge ' of
felony embezzlement. • Canty alleges that
he'gave Johnston $125 to bet on Jlmmle
corps, Professor Cruickshanlc. the In
structor, and Lieutenant Thomas There
were also vocal and Instrumental num
bers contributed by Paul Henry. C. L.
Converse. F. Barthels and others. Good
smoking material and a collation wera
served. The affair was managed by Ser
geants W. A. Dwight. H. L. Marsh and
F. Barthels, and H. Ohman and C. D.
Barbourts. ' -;¦- ..-t
Britt.in his fight with "Kid" Lavfgne.
and when he w^nt to Johnston to get hi*
money Johnston ,' told him that he had ;
made a combination on Brltt and Fitz
simmons and he would have to wait till
the Jeff ries-Fitzsimmons fight • was over.
Chief Wittman Host at
: Banquet to Retiring \
Officer
Chief of Police Wittman was host at a
banquet last night at the Poodle Dog in
honor of Captain Seymour, the retiring
chief of detectives. The captains of the
Police Department, Lieutenant Birdsall
CAPTAIN SEYMOUR
GUEST OF HONOR
The surprise of the evening for the
guest of honor came when Chief 'Witt
man arose and In a brief, earnest speech
presented Captain Seymour with a full
silver table service, the gift of himself
and the captains of the force, In apprecia
ticn of the years of painstaking, able and
energetic service he has given the depart
ment. Captain Seymour, deeply moved by
this evidence of. his associates' esteem,
responded with .an' expression of his ap
preciation and of his . regret at leaving
the, force, even though voluntarily and to
accept a better paid position.
The set is a handsome one, with pearl
handled knives and ; carvers. : The case
has a gold plate with this inscription:
"To Captain John Seymour, with best
The banqueters sat down Tat half-past
6 and were at table until after 10 o'clock.
Reminiscences of days gone' by in the
department were in order t and many a
good police story of the water front, of
the.Barbary Coast and even. of .the Mis
sion was told. -.;i \-:~:-~.\
and a few personal friends of. Chief Witt
man and Captain Seymour were the other
guests. -¦ - : ¦ , ¦ ., ..- \ --V-"
Captain ¦ Martin also addressed "the men.
He said they all knew him-. and he was
wishes," from George ,W. Wlttman, A. J.
Dunleavy, John Splllane, M. O. Anderson,
John B. • Martin. George pirdsall, of the
San Francisco Police Department, May
31, 1902." . j
Following Captain " Seymour the othei
guests in turn expressed their; wishes . for.
the veteran detective's continued success
in his new field.
Captain Seymour formally retired from
his position as 'chief ot detectives at 2
o'clock yesterday afternoon. At that .hour
all the detectives and special duty • men
•assembled in their^room at police head
quarters and Seymour introduced to them
his successor, Captain Martin. Seymour
spoke of the excellent support he had re
ceived from the detectives, and In parting
from them he had nothing but the kindest
of feelings for them collectively, and in
dividually.- H^ was satisfied that in his
successor they would find a man > who
would treat them ' fairly and honorably,
and : he -asked' for <¦ Captain Martin the
same faithful support the detectives had
given him. ¦,,.'• ' • ' - •
40
Hale's.
Hale's.
Hale's.
Hale's.
Hale's.
Hale's.
HEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
STEK3XIZED BARBER SHOP.
A Famous Shop in the Carrollton
Hotel, Baltimore, Maryland.
The barber shop in the Carrollton Ho-
tel. Baltimore, sterilizes everything It
uses' In the shop. The sterilizing is done
by heat. The towels, the razors, the
ttrop.«. the soap, the combs and brushes
are all sterilized before being used on a
customer. Where there Is no sterilization,
Ju.ve the barber use Newbro's Herpicide.
Jt kills the dandruff germ, and it is an
antiseptic for the scalp and for the face
after shaving. All leading barbers every-
where appreciate these potent facts about
Htrpicide and they use it- "Destroy the
cause, you remove the effect."
w f=> **&** jm Hundreds Brand=New Outfits at Wholesale Co t |^^^^^^
Vr_\ir#g* r-^^J^r 1 *m s 1S a "different" store.. We never cheapen a thing to make a bargain. It's
2-wi-*J™«r-^^"^JS& our buying power that has made us. If, we hadn't six stores among which to divide up sM^^ilP
' is^ I^SliiF We va " tecl to beat tlle other suit sale in June, a year ago — not only in dollars,
And New Hale's Co Into W but in qualities. So we didn't take what we found, but bought the cloth by the l\W^^[^^^^k' '
ulassware « d^ iu* Quite MoHp for Ife
on a big scale. '" n 1 1 dim \,\VC oUlld /TidUw 1UF U o« -I^hBmSvH
Such bright crystal giass; so much cf it and so low priced. We -Took all the odd bolts this big factory had — not till we had compared samples . ' iHHH^Bi^^S^
¦"' Not 7LnZT\ OhaVe lOtS °' f0 ' kS v° mS ' f ' ' ' Wkh ° ther makerS and fOimd theSC ) vere best (^ough this fellow had a couple of poor ffii^^
For we want to make every one who buys think more pietes Afferent materials in all-even lots of etamines, granite and basket cloths, so IJH^H IBilll
of us than common. That's why we've taken such pains &q so high . pri ed • t now> r , WSII
to get the clearest glass, the newest patterns, the latest Compare the magnitude, of such an offering with that of a few picked-over ' J^MmgS3k l¥iH^
shapes. We had a man for weeks visiting the large fac- . O r. closing out of odd lines where only under-sized or over-sized women can
found' one'maken'xcencd T vas's "hc Kt vases take part Isn>t h Udifferent? " Here every one can share-plenty of even- size. '
from him. Another had more graceful and original fll^lU' 7 T$L 5^
water bottles than any one else. Got water bottles from And iLst of them all silk lined? - .
him. And so on. Glasses from another, berry dishes ww r c i^cf ? T1ip<;p ' ¦
from another-9 DIFFERENT FACTORIES SENT US -.* . . ' '•„, ." " ,
STOCKS. When you realize that each is the best of its Si 1 1<= Ll HCO fc LcHTll tlQS I O o \ it is; -beauti-
kind— that there is every kind Vmd that the £ Whj% wg can . t buy them ourse lv es in the regular way as clieap as that- lined with taffeta; collar and reveres faced with peau de soie. The skirt is
PrirPC A VPr^ffP ftimrfor I PSC TiiJ»n AnV Wp KfinW-fll wouldn't have them now if they didn't come mixed with Venetians and cov- that close-fitting, serpentine style with a deep, graduated flounce tnmmed
rilU*d A VCl£gC yiMI tei LC^ mail AUy TT C MUn VI, erts The man . wan t e d to keep them out, but.we wouldn't take his other stuffs if with peau de soie.
You'll see this is no ordinary movement. Only another example of h e didn't put these in.* Blacks, blues, tans, grays. . gf\ g^ » m ** p Vk f\ C *±
the different and broader \vay Hale's do things. •¦ . Other Handsome Etamines at $22.50, $24.75; all shades. «1^O TOf SflttlP ftt ItHf llWfl itilt^
These. random items. are further proofs. They are not specials. Silk-Lined "Gibson" Suits, ipi8.75— Heavy silk drop skirts; suits with the vj>V*«v^v^ i\ji «JUU1W VI VW1 V TT 11 uuno,
You don't have to hurrv down- the first thing to-morrow morning to dash'and air orVxclusive made-to-order ones. Six. different materials, all About 45; in cheviot, homespuns, broadcloths. Some of the jacket3 have
. get them— ccme any dav— Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, next week colors. , : - ' : '" :>\ ¦ ; Romaine silk* others satin lining; some are plain, some are trimmed; all this
or the week after, or even telephone or write if you can't call. v $9.75 Suits of Lymanvillo Cheviot— Blacks, blues, browns, grays— a won- season's styles, but not every size, so we grouped them at this one - price to
§^ QfiO F*ini"V WrlfPT Tfl I ITI filler** rlf" \2f* derful outfit, for the money. Look at the* jacket— what a jaunty, nobby close'them out.
Equal quality sells usually at 6oc a dozen (5c each). Fine, clear ' i A tfi 1^*1 S\ I \ *H CM^ K>&\** ' B %** v^ ¦** S^ ¥— I g^ *+ J /^ *<•** J (~*\'f'f&'i+^
a^i^M^^^ :^^ * SLDiQ' Linen one. i nese nosiery vjiiers.
Water Tumblers 8 for 21c- Bouauet Vases 35c— Bright, clear Q ; ' © Wall CAnw Ynn Unw ffnfa'c fin Thmnn
With etched or engraved bands. glass; an excellent 50c Vase. f«-tach cloth, bleached, mire linen, extra heavy, a weave just received We " *> h0W ToU * 0W hQle S U0 * nm 9 S -
°^-^nc t . er iiB 1 t Elb i e e r a S r %Jg. . 4-pC.Tea Set 25c. • . go« f^ctory.^A tabYlng that usually sells at 65c. but Hale's Inside O . • — -— "Q
standard size, plain and straight. Sugar bowl spoon holder, cream- TXSV- &F.Y 0RV.D CO VERSr-2 -y ards long, fringed, only 8 dozen of them. S IS a different Store. It has a personality ana
butter dish; new pat- Won't they go oulcklyat^c? . • magnetism all its Own. It WOfkS along paths no bne dsC
C t^ u^yi r ee ol Jt b i O 5c: Te d ! ff ? e r * nt^^^ Damask Table Lengths. . treads. See how it gets its goods. It doesn't go into the
Salt and Pepper Shakers 3c— and finished. 2% yards long, the balance of rome^warehouse samples. They have been . . , .. , . _,_ a j o _, r
. with nickei-piated top, plain buib G j,^ p reserve Dishes lOc-A selling at 95c; to-morrow we win cTbse them out at 75c. market once or twice a year when it happens to need any-
Style Wafer BoWe, > '5c. aKS^g^^g^ | VMI^. „ , nch83 J?.°Ji£* ln * 7 «V - ' thing-as thecustom is'. No; its buyers are in the mar- .
$ Fine blown glass; usual family designs. q. __ __ , , __ __© ket all the time — buying for six stores at a hck. Always
¦ ciear /^^tr*nick5lpiat. a Cfn n An^ M^^^" getting an advantage over the single-handed concern
H^Gailon Jues 45c-Taii ESSfitEti 38c^Eieven inches OTcHlClclFU iVlllSiin OC. that can^t buy so much. Like you do when you
tankaM shaped! !ateIt° C deslgn, across the top, open-edged rim, v , , _^ BJ • |_ - g f\
clear and brilliant. gracetul and pretty. » q_ _, , , o KtflV iiA^dArt/ hi/ tnO llA7Pn
6-in. G iaSS Vases at 5c. , Btrry Sets 28c • ¦ , fe5 a^t«nU% 6 u^ DU 7 ..»»>¦«!¦¥ Oy \UV UUZCI1
nAU^^nZirn^u^elVl ?-A Brown Muslin ioc. ' and Gei n Pairs for the Prlce of 11 -
Glass 0 Vases' Yoc-eIIm *£££ BerVv" °Bowls Some aboo yari ifthis lot good eveo-day quality-what you are used 'This advantage we share with yon. Enables US to get
twU S d a s S t S e m P w^ n rth fl i5c ns *"**• Be£v' isowis^Oc-ciear s iass. to seeing at i2^c _ a har d er twisted yarn for the money than the makei
Costal Vases lOc-Twelve-lnch. edges crimped flare and f ancy - CantOIl riannel JC. . COllld afford to give il we didn't btty SO much. Such ¦
P P o ?&ed O . Ct |rey's^ C n y t0^ O n O kt g SS& £*$£ ** 27 Inches wide, heavy guallty-8^ ya/ds to start with. q by the 8 pair gfc
giOX . ~> C4t»*!ffi $Z0O\ -J>a, ' ' - but when you sret a couple of -them for nothing bv buy-
£^^^^^^ Mti£$^0ks Z^^^^: V& ' ing a d ° Zen k ' S S ° mething W ° rth thinkin^ about - Not just
v^S^? / - l " /^& s*W <*G^^gJw 'y^&j&x \l$$&^fsif%i fes^W* >^ Jf~^'^&ik%r, Utiv Boys' heavy bicycle ribbed fast black, seamless hose, hard twisted
'¦ *^^ " *^^^ \g* ' " Z&yT^ fiSl and elastIc » wltn extra double knee§; full range of sizes— € to 10.
«- fe ' A U «£ T{ »2L. I ¦ '¦' ~ JL. ' i- V^ i^*> slf ' W<li*V T^K^y 20c Girls' Lisle Hose $2.20 Dozen — Save 20c on a Doz.
"\^^ \^* \ \\. • jI k a \ *^i - / * S^V5W^Sv$*e'© Girls* fine ribbed fast .black, seamless lisle thread hose, deep, glossy
X Jm^"^* i^ s »—— ¦s\ K. j/ i^A/pzy '*»¦ "r'i^T^^^ black, extra long and elastic. Sizes 5% to 9*£ — the fine rib, dressy kind.
-^V>v jE^gf^V^ Jfi^l*^'- J^~"^^^^ Ml^Wi v4^^ 25c Iron Thread Hose $2.75 Dozen — Save 25c on a Doz.
•>&®~zz '^ — _I^. -< lii*^' -~^. •' * 'a Boys' extra heavy, fast black "Iron Thread" cotton hose, wide or
. . y > . t* ' narrow rib. Made of hard- twisted maco yarn, with double knees and
il J 1&iff'*B"B* Bak 'Jmi JL. L-~. ~i-t-- _-m. fashioned heels and toes— sizes ti to 10. This stocking la specially mada
ri^-^i T3^ /Tk. 1&^ m 0T\ tf"^l *H" IWH H I H "fl T?f^ A 4-*^ T ¦ vLJr /t^Ma H ¦ M^ M H tt\ HH Cl f« r H »le Bros., every pair stamped "Iron . Thread"— guaranteed.
til OOITLCAII L ivillllOCi V IVCUU^LIvliI25* 25c Missis' Lace Hose $2.75 Dozsn-Save 25c on a Doz.
J . ¦ , . Misses' black, blue, pink or red lace hose— solid openwork, lacy pat-
q • ' ....¦¦ ¦- • ¦¦ . . - n terns from ankle to top — sizes 6 to 9.
Trimmed flats at $*.9d. NewHOWtTS Of Ail KltldS 25c Importer Hose $2.75 Dozen— Save 25c on a Doz.
Sixty of them, good straw and new shapes, all good colors. We have printed a pic- , * ™ ¦.: \ T * „„ , , • ¦ Children's imported Hermsdcrf black cotton hose-toe rib. extra. Ions
ture of one above to show you how stylish they are. > * LeSS Than N. Y. Wholesale PlMCeS. 2 nd . elastic-come all black or with unbleached soles, also all unbleached
Then there arc— * • * uvv^v? t t . i6et~~~sizes 0^5 to 972.
64 Trimmed Hats at .S2.05-These are mostly hand made hats, all trimmed —Red Poppies. —Forget-Me-tiots. —Jj berries. -Mosss. 10c Ladies' Hose $1.10 Dozen — Save 10c on a Doz.
Tn'mmaii TTafo n+ Sl'I *V"» (One nictured above ) Thpv look liv» thpv'rp Jfi .. i *,l -jl _-# * . ¦ Ladies' fast black seamless cotton hose — good weight, full length,
El> ad? tr '-" ed " Uh J ' V " Sbffi A% 4F~? S3- «S m £$l£!ZJ2S S ™ B "£ S ; t tt. season-*™ than S00 do»n-.ha,-s r^cZ'/TslT^HoZ 's2 Mto sS.*Bte « Doz.
F.^f, r» -. >»r m 4. w ? r» J i»r why we got them so cheap-and so may you. . 19 C Laaies Fashioned MOSO $Z.Uy UOZBn — 3aV3 |»c On UOZ.
Child's Rcady-to-Wcar Hats. Women s Ready-to-WcaPS. I ot I- 9 Cents - Ladies' full fashioned fast black maco cotton hose— medium weight.
s't'^s?^ sk?; s?^SS£ °ffe Sh B ?a t r ,r k sa " or ' trlmnied wllh , $M , h .» r . rs i; r k . sai-^s 1 ' is'^rs- ""«» f^r.v.rs."" 1^ elastlc tops - """"' * oles - hee " a ° a ?? e ' z "
s f« Now- S a r r o s n ,r. d ar^ 'H&'te'ffirsff jffisysjss &^»^^?^^^« < ss^^ i is!fvss.sja 250 fe «*** «<,» $2.75 o« M -s me 23c o» doz.
flat rim, trimmed with white #ilk The same with' silk or linen scarfs, - ... . . - ., Lot II — 15 CdltS* Ladies' imported Hermsdorf black maco cotton hose, medium weight,
scarf, pink. blue, castor or red. 50c. . ne Silk velvet or, Mousseline. some with popular Pearl centers, so much in plain or drop stitch, also unbleached soles or feet, all with double soles
75c Now-"The Marie or Lily" rough Linen Hats $3.35. ¦ . vogSe jus now-innumerable varieties. ; ¦ - V . and high spliced heels-sizes 8 to 10
straw sailor; one in a flat, the other Worth $3.75 and |4.50— five different i ni . m__lQ f>nf-c % 50c LaaieS ZiOZIQ LaCO Hose $5.50 DOZ. — Save 50c OO DOZ.
a rolled rim; both trimmed with silk patterns, but a few of each on hand, r rTl. •»» rtu t. ...ii.. * nr T^idlps' Imi>orted Hermsdorf black zlczac pattern lace llsla hosa— 12
scarf; colors blue, brown, castor or so we close them out at this reduced Finest -.daintiest flowers of^h^«a«n. Many v ortoem have sold earlier for diff^nfstyTe^la^e openwork^ from toe do'ubto'SlS^g
red^ yrlce. - tl-50. But you must see to Know what -values tney are. spliced heels, sizes 8 to 10. One of this season's prettiest novelties.
O "~ ! ————— - . _ _ . . . . . , . . . q. j I
,,/% J^^^^g^S^^aaBSi^^B^^^^^^S Men's White Shirts 43c
!0f* ¦ \A/2B c\% {~MS\<r\S$ an/1 I CBTAC Also Handkerchiefs and Underwear.
i,y0^W^^^^k^ *™ VJUUU^ ClllLl 1— «#Cl^WJ5» G unlaundered ones of New York mills muslin, with linen bosoms, well- 1 '
"1 #?^^¥^'(fa''\Mi"W*' f x. made, satisfactory shirts. Every size but 16.
A^5#5^5iy X'^-'JC^-/ O : — . -' : O Handkerchiefs at 7c: plain white ones, hemstitched; with them
r/^i^/Jj^^S^K^* "W^- ji * " A spontaneous OTiering. Quite suggestive. * : ' are also some pretty plaids: 45 dozen altogether. ¦ < h-c^x
¦^j^&Mk and^r t^\ & $i?™n t TZsszisr "^^^- we ha ~ taken -^ st — *°* ™° 5 ?&^^r^s^r^^s^
''Wml0m& Wash Laces at 7C. I 3500 Yards Dress fhevFot 10c ° 1 . --v;.:: .. : ;¦ c °
fc^N ¦'<^g/^'.'^i^!(W^ ' ¦ £ ¦ ¦: It's worth 20c. Such a splendid staple fabric for dresses •^ fl . • * •^/^,| ' :*:-A'
**A .-^y /' "• ' "^rafc'; Normandy Valenciennes. : :j : - . and children's wear we marked it 10c in order to get a crowd.* i h/1 tfTffl f\1 Q I I I/^IT/^C >
"**>*5&£y ti» •'•' ' E&Q- ' Fully worth 12%c and 15c. As dainty and pretty as they can 32 inches wide,. in p aids and stripes. 1 I d. 1 1 1 vJ 1 S ' vllvl V WO
~^ss£8y /"/•*.'•'•: *W-J be, in scroll, floral and bow knot designs, zy 2 to 5 inches wide. Mercerized Canvas — 27 Mercerized Chambrav— """"" • " w - - ¦•- ..„.;.'
% . * ¦ "• * «a feS' Insertion 1% inches wide. inches -wide, in plain colors. Some 25. pieces, S3 inches __ _. . nrx - , - .
//• ?¦=*;•;• •(53 rU- ic n i n^ #^«». m/o-/A nc • green, pink. gray, red shades. wide,- in gray, light blue. 7OC FaiP2 'Were fcl.UU.- " - -. .v; -
ii'''''' 73i & ¦ LacSS Worth ZOC. pretty, soft fabric for dresses pink, linen and light green "-¦ ¦—.-... , ¦ . - ¦•
It- *•*.*•'•*• S^J^ 3 -' Normandy Valenciennes 3 to 4Vs Inches wide. Normandy valen- and waists; now 25c a yard. shades, set off with white , ,25c a pair less to-morrow than they were yesterday, and the finest
//.'.- • •' ibfc?' ciennes galloons 3 inches and black silk chantlll" lace 3 to 5 ' f TI _-oa T in«.no " ¦« -« An rr.lt f O vnr°9r» o vo.h" in imported French chamois- gloves they '.are. too. The kind that wash.
//•' .-'¦'• 'M&%* i inches. All as new and nice as they can be. ,,m,suinvuo^d cloth iPelvv" Ph /S flu^ r/i 9« We have sold many of them at J1.00. and they have proven very satls-
Wash A.l-Ovars 25c anu 35c. • %& coToVs. 1 inffie^ d de?? d iiSn O^olS
r— "^& > ' ' P%l'"-\>- v^ : - The very thing for outing black with small check Dat - P earl - l0 maKe ine Bargain e\en more lempung we win give
Xm* •'* .' • $&>?L '^S drYii? in o "riS^d S s y cV e oVd U eS^ thing for yokes o£ wash skirts. ; . tern; marked. now ioc. . ' Free Piece Wanton Chamois Soap
t^^T^K- '• "V^irf^^l 1\ OTHER STYLES-With heading 'effect 55c. 60c, 85c yard. F'CUr d LfiWllS at dC with each pair sold. It's the safe soap with, which to wash chamois
\29<Zft>&' BUt bef ° re WG leaVC the laCCS WC mUSt te " y ° U ab ° Ut thlS - ¦ Some "» yards^th floral fn wfue* grounds, 25 . - gloves; It leaves them clean and pliable. , __ _ _^
<>'%*» "f % * ' • 'Lk^V 50c Mousseline de Soie at 19c. ~ inches wide. Very pretty dress stuff. \ : ,
jrfafor' ' ' * ' It's a yard wide and comes in such colors as cream, scarlet, . S.aple Gmgr.ams at \10c ¦¦_ . __. 0r=r /mrf - Jfffl/ ' O. . , .- O
h V'" ' /W"<^WWhy cardinal, shrimp pink, royal, maize (in two shades), old rose : 3000 yards plaid»and stripe patterns, 27 inches wide; all good &ikzMMl~zz&W/ -,__-. //$/ fj3) ' iVl8rket ot.,
< " h " de? " 5000 e Yards Batis'e, Crepes? 0 'L)Trniti8s at ioc. oSeoiden
•••-¦;—¦ " xot -a yard worth less than 15c~-every yard new and up to the top notch of style and beauty and usefulness. The manu- /m/l ~^^^ f,«. *.,_
facturer's season is at an end. You know he gave us what he had on hand to ciuse out at a price. . • -. j^— 7* **m^m£ S *- 0< *ru0MJ vOfJSJ^Z^^ J ... .v . -1 "QIC AVc.