THREE GENERALS AND A TEN
NESSEE STATESMAN WHO FIG
;,URE IN PHILIPPINE NEWS.
::.' Continued "onl Page Two.
NEWBURGH. N. Y., April 25.—Gov
«rnor Odell, with his wife, his daughter
and his Bister, Miss Ophelia Odell, started
to-day on a trip for California. They will
fjo via Washington, where they will be
joined by ex-Mayor B. B. Odell, the Gov
ernor's father, and Senator Ellsworth.
New York Governor on the Way.
Johnson, who discovered the property,
was formerly a city councilman of West
Superior. He went to Atlin . three years
ago and bought claims of homesick min
ers. Later he stumbled on the property
now being developed. Going to Chicago,
he laid the proposition before Senator
Mason, who Interested his friends and ob
tained moneVj for. the purchase and ship
ment of a, plant, /including the nine-mile
narrow gauge railway necessary •< to de
liver the machinery at . the base of the
mountain. Peter Kimberly, the iron mag
nate of Scranton, Penn.V is another stock
holder. . •
Company in Which He Is Interested
Said to Have Millions in
Sight. v
TACOMA, April 25.-The Columbia Hy
draulic fining Company, of which Sena
tor Mason is the chief stockholder, has
made a gold strike in Atlin district.
After installing a plant o< machinery
costing $100,000 the company finds that it
por&esses a mountain of gravel and sand,
all of which is auriferous. Experts esti
mate that if everything works well this"
summer the company will take out mil
lions of dollars. . .
SENATOR MASON STRIKES
IT RICH IN ALASKA
l^ater in the day Miss Hamassen had
another similar attack, but by this time
her own physician was present and she
was removed to her home.
"It was a case of suspended animation,"
said Mrs. Cooke. "I have seen It often in
my husband's case and that was the only
treatment for it. It Is caused by some
heart trouble, I suppose."
Mrs. Cooke, another student, quietly
knelt down and breathed into Miss
Hamasscn's mouth. This somewhat outre
performance resuscitated the Invalid.
DENVER. April 25.— An instance of pe
culiar heart trouble occurred at University
Park to-day. Miss Eva Hamassen, a stu
dent at the university, was taken sudden
ly ill in one of the classrooms and frighr
cned the other students by presenting
every sign of death. A young physician,
a resident of the park, was sent for and
on his arrival . he tried to revive Miss
Hamassen with brandy, but without suc
cess. It was at this point that a woman's
wit and a woman's readiness to act be
came efficacious In the saving of a life.
BREATHES INTO MOUTH
; AND REVIVES STUDENT
He quoted 'utterances from Mr. Roose
velt, charging, that "treasonable" utter
ances had Incited the Filipinos to insur
rection,rand said that we must not judge
the -President in his moments of oratori
cal f erocity.Vor.^when the frenzy of battle
was in-his. blood. ;.;The" President was not
vindictive, but simply "strenuous," arid
resembled nis'habits. of : speech.a cer
tain "Tennesseean" horse of which it was
said ; that running away was r his natural
gait. Mr. Roosevelt had habitually spoken
of; the. Filipinos -as -"savages" arid "bar
barians" arid "Apaches," : and these 1 , de
nunciations had 4 been ; scattered through-
f out '• the :' islands % to * Inflame' the people
against i thfe United - : States.' The effect i of
the i President's' language had been , to.
"The ) idea' that | you can transform " the
character of fa race by teaching them; to
read," said he^- "is .the wildest, : craziest,
the most' fantastic, dreani that ever flitted
through a lunatic's brain.". i ¦ '!
QUOTES ROOSEVELT.
that time the public utterances of McKin
ley and Bryan y^re i in exact accord, and
if the administration had not reversed its
policy I there 'would ' have been no differ
ence between them; -The' Democrats in
the Senate, _ he ; insisted, /had .tried to re
move • the question from party politics. It
was now claimed that' the civil authority
of the United '> States -was supreme
throughout the •Philippines, ,and it; was
treason fdr.ia Democrat, to express an
opinion. He cited J the public utterances
of President ' McKinley ['¦¦ and Mr. Roose
velt, and the speeches of Republican!Sen
ators, arid /quoted from / the „ Republican
campaign book .to," show that a general
policy of ,' colonialism and : conquest was
advocated as Republican' doctrine.
Opponents of this policy denied that we
had ' derived any just powers of governf
merit- from the subjugation' of ! the gov
erned, and that was the real issue of this
debate." In the former debate, he said,
Spboner. had charged that the minority
had prostituted the question of partisan
purposes, and that? "WV J. Bryan had
seized upon it to force an 'issue with the
administration. Unfortunately for, this
argument the fact was that Bryan had
declared " his position upon this 'i question
long^before anybody knew what the poI- :
icy of' the administration would be. v '' At*
BRINGS IN .BRYAN.
"The claims of the Republicans," said
he. "is that they had burned enough
towns,"' wasted enough and killed enough
people r to make good their right. '/ The
land Js ours" because we have strewn, it
with the ashes of its homes and drenched
it with the blood of Its people.*'
Carmack said that the bill, like the
Philippine tariff bill, simply presented the
aspect of Imperialism. It was not a ques
tion only of framing just laws for the
Filipinos, but a question of right to make
any laws whatever for that people. I"
., . afternoon in opposition to the
Philippine government bill. He is a mem
ber of tho Philippine committee, and his
utterances in opposition to the policy of
the ' administration attracted considerable
attention. President Roosevelt was critU
cized, and Brigadier General Frederick
Funston' received an unmerciful excoria
tion. ! ¦ ¦-, '• ' ¦.¦'¦¦; v ¦}
1B> VLL • BUREAU, 1406 v G
£¦ T STREET, N. W., WASHING--
B..j TON,, April 25.-Senator,.Car.
mack of Tennessee made a
most sensational speech -this
MANILA. April 25.-At.the trial to-day
of the editor of Freedom, who- is charged
with ¦ sedition in publishing an article
from an American periodical to which tha
editor of Freedom, agreed and added re
marks of his own censuring the United
States Commissioners' rule, the Attorney
General, L. R. WilfleV. created a sensa
tion and astounded' the Judge, lawyers
and spectators.' He lost his temper with
Judge Odlin and said:
- "The civil government wants to know
where It stands - under the law passed.
It wants to know whether it will be en
forced or whether snch unwarranted
statements will be allowed. The court
knows the wishes of the Government, and
it is to be presumed that it knows its own
rules."
Judge Odlln replied:
"The court will determine the. case ac
cording to law. The court wants you to
understand that it believes individuals
have rights as well as governments."
The defense bad asked for a delay of a
week "owing to counsel having been dis
qualified on account of not passing tho
Filipino standard of law.
The hearing In the demurrers In tho
case was postponed until May 3.
lake. ' We supposed Gana was thtrty-flve miles
from Malabang, but it was actually a short
twenty-one. > No lighting; not necessary to
overcome opposition to present location of
troops: 775 men with Baldwin, two troops of
cavalry dismounted twelve miles in rear. Every
effort will be made to prevent general wmr.
Davis says situation at this time la vary ¦ ta
vorabl/
General at Editor's Trial.
SPBHTGS A .STTBPmSE.
Unexpected Remarks of Attorney
harden and, intensify Filipino opposition
to American rule. ¦ . *~ ;¦-..'¦ -. i;
Some of our military heroes had been
guilty of a like offense, , said he: He re
ferred to a recent speech of General Fun
stoiv whom;, he /.described as "the. Jay
hawker) , brigadier ' .. from . the I windswept
plains,' ; the " mightiest Samson- that' ever
wielded . the jawbone . pt an ass as a
weapon of war."
DEATH CHEATS .FUNSTON".
. Carmack . said death had cheated ; Fun
ston of 'some illustrious victims, , like"
former;'. ¦ Senator \ Sherman and former
President Harrison, but there ; were still
enough to keep him busy. Papers- had
quoted ; Funston as saying the ; President
entirely, approved his gallows speech' and
iwante'd-hlm'Jto accept an Invitation. from
the junior Senator from I Massachusetts to'
go^to* Boston' and talk to the people there
about, hanging "the senior Senator; from
Massachusetts, but the plain truth was
that-', Funston . could not hang;- anybody.
Funston should go back to the Philippines
-to the land where : there was plenty of
hemp and no constitution.
"If men. are . to, be hanged | without re
gard to law for^speaklng .'word3Vcalcu^
lated to incite insurrection,'.' said he, "the
first; neck to feer the strangling, clutch' of
the soaped rope should be ' the heroic guU
let of \ Funston.". ,
:.' Every /'since he had been in the Philip-*
pines] he ,' had been pouring ¦ forth • tirades
of. Indiscriminate insult against the whole
people*' and ¦¦ had' outrageously , insulted ! the
.very. men upon whoin\the commission was
relying f or VaioV In "pacifying the country.
He also had it on the very highest authbr-f
Carmack Makes a Sensational Speech
Criticizing the President and
Excoriating Funston.
. . Before Baldwin could be communicated with
he had taken, the fort at Pulas after slight re
sistance. . No casualties.' * Very Boon after the
neighbor Ins town' of -Ganasl opened its" doors,
hoisted the white flag and delivered th» red
flag.' Patto ¦ Lampok : and others with ' strong
following asked permission to call and make
peace. 'Datto Amanl Pack of Gana. who senl
threatening j messages In reply to my letter, is
one of those .who 'have submitted. . The camp
Is two miles from Gana, whose Sultan has asked
Baldwin to ¦ come there. . • I ' have directed him
not to mpve. He is ten miles from the Datto.
it . Is : my purpose to have an Interview with
General Davis. Will go on . Hancock, which
leaves here to-day for Malabang with a battal
ion of. the' Tenth Infantry. It Is our purpose to
show ¦ t considerable . . force of troops to lake
Moros, converse with Dattos, then retire troops
by different ¦ trails to Malabang ,' and ' Parang;
thereafter to send expeditions ' occasionally to
Department to-day by. a dis
patch -.- from Major General Chaffee
announcing submission to the Amer
ican authorities of several Moro Dattos
who have ' inaugurated hostilities against
the American . troops. There Is a
general .approval ..of General Chaff ee's
purpose to. go to Mindanao and ', discuss
the situation with General Davis. The
President Mn all. the dispatches' sent to
that officer- has impressed upon,, him the
advisability of ¦ maintaining peacA, and he
has' replied that he will- observe this pol
icy. It 1st said that . General Chaffee is
acting properly in sending a strong force
to Mindanao, and it is hoped that the re
tirement of the troops, to Malabang and
Parang will ¦ not be construed by the na
tives : as a' retreat. ' The present object of
General Chaffee to send expeditions oc
casionally to the Lake Lanao region does
not meet with favor \ and may be disap
proved by - the President. There Is no
necessity, in the opinion of the adminis
tration, for the army to take any _ action
which Is likely to provoke hostilities.
Appended is the cablegram received
from Chaffee: ; H
. -. ALL BUREAU, 1406 fc G
ff "STREET, N. W.. WASHING
m, TON, April 25.— Considerable
Wiiiailr relief was occasioned at the
White House and the 'War
Dattos Submit
to American
Troops.
cipline began to-day. Gen
eral Lloyd Wheaton presided. Colonel
Charles A; Woodruff, counsel for the de
fense, said he desired to simplify the pro
ceedings. He was willing to admit Gen
eral Smith gave instructions to Major
"Waller to kill and burn and make Saraar
a howling wilderness; that he wanted
everybody killed capable of bearing arms
and that he did specify all over 10 years,
as the Samar boys of that age were equal
ly as dangerous as their elders.
Captain David Porter. Marine Corps,
and. Lieutenant John. H. A. Day, Marine
.Corps, were the only witnesses examined.
Their testimony developed nothing.
Major . Lytletan W. T. Waller. Marino
Corps, will be the only other witness for
the prosecution. He was unable to be
present to-day on account of sickness,
but it is expected he. will be In attendance
to-morrow.
The defense will call several officers of
the Ninth Infantry. y.
MANILA. April 25.-The trial
by court-martial of General
Jacob H. Smith on the
charge of conduct prejudi
cial to' good order and dis-
Trial of Gen
eral Smith
at Manila.
Another factor in forcing the company
to the change Is the movement -on the
part of several roads toward the • south
western coast, and that of the people of
San Diego, In making the survey for their
road, the San Diego and Eastern. Nat
urally if any other road passes south of
the sandhills It will have the first choice
of the ground, and the Southern Pacific
does not propose to let another road have
that desirable first choice.
The Southern Pacific Company took the
northern route, but it has seen those
sandhills drifting steadily farther to the
north until it has become a question of
but a very few years when it will be
forced to abandon the pass. It is prac
tically impossible to keep the right of way
clear of the drifting sand. The company
has appropriated $500,000 to lay heavy rails
( across the desert, and, realizing the neces
sity for changing its route soon, this is
found to be an opportune time for doing
so. .
SURVEY IS COMMENCED.
The Southern Pacific has already set a
force of men at work on the survey for
the new line, and, as the country is per
fectly -level. It wnrtJBte tout~**-reV days"
to make the run from route
will pass the Salton Basin on the west,
instead of the north, a point near
•Walters, where the new; road will again
connect with the old roadbed and .con
tinue into Los Angeles through Indio. .
It cannot be definitely announced that
the Southern Pacific has made a deal
with the San Diego and Eastern road.
That may not be the case, but the In
formation is to the effect that when
President Harriman was In Southern Cali
fornia a few days ago it was definitely
decided that the company would make the
change in its roadbed at once and build to
this city, which will require but 125 miles
of additional trackage.
The reasons for making the change are
numerous. The most Important is the fact
that on the western side of the Colorado
River there is a chain of sandhills about
fifty miles long, extending from a point
in Mexico to the northwest, where they
approach close to the foothills of the
Chuckawalla Mountains. Any road'com-
Ing west from Yuma is forced to choose
between the^ narrow pass north of the
sandhills and one entering Mexican terri
tory, south of the hills.
SANDHILLS ABE DILUTING. '
SAN DIEGO, April 26.— Sensational in
formation regarding railroad affairs leak
ed out from authentic sources to-day. It
has been learned that the Southern Pa
cific Company is to abandon about 100 miles
of Its main line west of Yuma, follow
ing the south Instead of the north line of
the Colorado Desert, forking at Imperial,
with a second line to San Dieero over the
survey of the San Diego and Eastern
road, or in the neighborhood of that sur
vey. This implies the absorption of the
Imperial and Gulf Railroad, now being
graded.
Aside from the importance of this move
to the towns of Southern California it
has an indirect effect on transcontinental
business, as the road will pass for a short
distance through Mexican territory, thus
relieving It from control by the Interstate
Commerce Commission. The Southern
Pacific Railroad will be 'placed in the
same position as the Canadian Pacific
Railroad, which for years has been a dis
turbing element in transcontinental traf
fic.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TOPEKA, Kan., April 23.-A fierce
north wind, carrying clouds of dust and a
low temperature, has been blowing in
Kansas since noon to-day. There is no in
dication of rain and the wheat fields are
¦ drifting badly.
LINCOLN, Neb.. April 25.— A terrific
straightaway wind, reaching at times a
velocity of sixty miles an hour, prevailed
at Lincoln throughout the afternoon and
Into the night. Only minor damage was
done.
SIOUX CITT. Iowa, April 23.— Sioux
City was In darkness after 1:30 this after
noon, dense greenish clouds shutting out
the sun. For a time the wind blew sev
enty-two miles an hour and considerable
damage was done.
Large plate glass windows in downtown
business houses were blown in and a
dozen roofs carried away.
Robert Maxwell, aged 13, was struck
by a flying sidewalk on Military avenue,
and probably will die. Ex-Mayor George
P. Bemis was struck by a flying sign at
Eighteenth and Farnum streets and sus
tained a broken leg and was otherwise
seriously Injured. Lawrence Taggert was
struck on the head by a broken billboard
and seriously injured.
OMAHA, April 25. — An unusually heavy
windstorm which struck this city this
evening killed one person and injured a
cumber of others and unroofed a number
of buildings. There was a heavy down
pour of rain. Streetcars were stopped for
an hour; wires and signs were blown
down in all directions.
STORM STRIKES OMAHA.
The little home of Bidwell Hunger was
swept away completely and the three in
mates of the house are dying, all having
their skulls fractured.
The worst fury of the storm was felt
In the suburbs west of Joplin. The wind
was a straight gale, but It was of ter
rible velocity, whipping down scores of
houses In the southern part of the city
and wrecking $100,000 worth of the finest
mining plants in this district. The worst
havoc In Joplin City was In a territory
four blocks wide, commencing at the west
limits of the city at Seventeenth street
and ending at Seventh street on the east.
Within this narrow belt there is scarcely
a building which is not damaged.
"¦"fasSTftg" from- the "main ivortlon of
the city the storm spent Its fury in sub
urb and mining districts known as Moon
shine Hill and Villa. Heights. " Two per
sons were killed at Moonshine Hill".
FURY IN STJBITRBS.
Fatally injured: Bidwell Hunter, Mrs.
Anna Hunter. Mrs. Marian Hicks. "Wil
liam Jones, a boy named Crug-er at Villa
Heights, three miles west of Joplin; F.
B. Kelly at Geogo mines.
MARTHA CAPE (colored), died from
fright.
JOPLIN. Mo.. April 25.— Joplin was vis
ited this evening by the most destructive
storm In its history, during which two
persons were killed outright, six fatally
Injured, a score or more seriously hurt
and $300,000 worth of property destroyed.
It is estimated that fifty buildings were
destroyed. The dead:
ESTHER HUNTER, killed by falling
timbers.
Takes It Out of Con
trol of Interstate
Commission.
Disasters Also Due to
Storm in Other
Localities.
Death and Injury to
More Than Score
of People.
Portion of the Road
Will Be on Mexi
{ can Territory.
Fifty Buildings Are
Blown Down at
Joplin.
Southern Pacific to
Lay a New Line
West of Yuma.
HOUSES
RAZED BY
TORNADO
CHANGING
ROUTE TO
THE EAST
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
'SA-N FRANCISCO, .SATURDAY^APREL 1902;
VOLUME XCI-NO. 147.
ADMITS ORDERS TO KILL AND BURN
AND MAKE A WILDERNESS OF SAMAR
The San Francisco Call.PEACEFUL MANNER IN WHICH THE PRESENT CARMEN'S STRIKE'
IS BEING CONDUCTED AND VIOLENCE THAT CHARACTERIZED
•;' ; LAST STRIKE OF STREETCARMEN- IN THIS .CITY CONTRABTED.
SANTA CLARA; April 25.— Ambrose, the 17
raonths-old son of Mr. and Mrs*. Samuel Soares
filed to-night from having : been scalded yei
tcnlay afternoon by the • upsetting of a kettle
of Jsoillng water. ¦ , . :, . ¦ ..
Senator Perkins placed himself on rec
ord in a communication , to the Labor
Council as being in favor of the. Increase
of letter-carriers' pay.
The/boycott 4 heretofore, levied oh Neu
stadter Bros, has been removed and the
house declared. unionized. ..; . • :. ¦
. In;vtew of the arrival of the executive
committee of the American Federation of
Labor In this city next July,. the execu
tive' committee of the Labor. Council was
authorized. to make suitable preparations
for the entertainment of ' the 'members
when they come. - ' ¦ '
..A- communication from the Ship and
Steamboat Joiners' Union was presented
at the' meeting of the Labor Council last
nigh'£.' indorsing the carmen's strike and
promising the " strikers financial support.
'.Labor Council Notes.
It is unlikely that there will be any
strike ~ in Oakland, for the men and the
managers of the streetcar lines have al
ways* been able to negotiate their..differ
ences, and. there Is no. disposition on the
part of the '• railroad management to in
terfere with the railroad men's organiza
tion^- 1 : . •• '
None- of the carmen on this side of the
bay are members of . the Amalgamated
Streetcar Men's Association, but they are
very strongly, organized es a local Car
men's Benevolent and Social Club. It la
said -that every -man employed on the
street -railroad system of Oakland, Ala
rpe'da arid Berkeley, is. a member of this
organization.
OAKLAND, April 25.— There are indica
tions that the carmen of Oakland will
act on the outcome of the strike In San
Francisco. It is said that a meeting will
be held by the men to-morrow evening to
idetermlne what they shall do looking
toward making a demand for an increase
of pay -to 25 cents an hour. " '
"Will Act on Outcome of Strike Jn
This City.
OAKLAND CARMEN ZHEET.
A resblution, after much debating, was
passed requesting .all. Democratic mem
bers of the^ Board of | Supervisors to op
pose the -granting of any franchises, for
street railways to individuals or.priv^fe
corporations until "such time as the people
of the' city shall determine by their votes
as Xo the future disposition of the Geary
street Railway. --'if.V''- ."¦,'¦;
;-,;Beeblted; 'That It 'Is the sense of : ;th^plub
that, any 'man willingly or"t»jnely submtttiTi
to 'CCndnaoai eilch ' as Were lrBP<5?ea '. by..' s"atd
company. 1? 'unworthy of American citizenship.
.After considerable discussion, this reso
lution was referred to the committee on
resolutions -and will be passed on at the
next meeting; "_ v /
' Ret-olved. That the Iroquois Club of San
Francisco. hereby tenders .its sympathy to the
'member"? . 6t ; No, - -20ft,-. ¦ Amalgamated
Asscciatlon of .Street Railway Employes. ' -ol
America; and be it - further •'¦'. v " - ' ' •--
A resolution was Introduced by W. J.
Locke touching on the treatment of the
employes of the street railways, -which
was -as follows: ' -.-/•;<-
• j The' Iroquois' Club held its weekly meet
ing last night at its rooms in' Pythian
Castle, with Joseph ! B.. Keenan ' in ' the
chair/ : : ' ' il^"
Resolutions Favoring Carmen.
Member of Iroquois Club Presents
WOULD INDORSE STRIKE.
Arthur Holland sald::.; c: . V" ;.— .'';",."
"There are no new developments in the
matter. We are waiting to hear from the
East, and • until then' nothing can be
said."
marks and said . that it did not seem
probable that a settlement of the dif
ference would be attained until ¦to-mor
row. ; ; t .y_V v -,- ¦ '-';*
Officials of the Road
Believe the End of
: the Strike Is Near
Woos D«ath iliaudanum.'
ELKO, Nev., April .25.— John Martin,' a
young rancher... -attempted '?\ suicide this
afternoon by taking laudanum. and prob
ably will die. : He was on' trial *-' three
weeks ago for, cattle, stealing, ajid narrow
ly . escaped conviction, the .jury; < having
disagreed. ; : Since thep , he.ha* .been idrink
lns heavily.'. ., ¦ _
ItchVng, : 'BIind,JBleedlng,or : Protru41ng : 'I > "ne8"
No cure. No Pay.. All druggists 'are authorljei
by .manufacturerB of. Pazo Ointment .to 1 , refund
money where it' falls to cure .-any cash -at < piles
no matter of- how long standing... Curefi ordinary
cases In six days; worst cases in, fourteen days-
One, application -gives easfe, and rest.-; ;R£i !e ve»
Itching instantly. >. This is ; a "new discovery s 'ani
is the only pile remedy .sold. •on'.posltlVe guar
antee, no cure.-.no p^y.-.A free sample will 'hi
tent by mail to any 'one sending name and ad
dress.- Price, 00c. It your druKgisfdon't-keei)
it in stock send 50c Instartps and. we win -for-'
ward' full size box ; by mall. - Manufactured 'by
PARIS MKDICINB CO.;, St^LouIsivMo;,-; who
also manufacture -..the celebrated : cold i . cure'
Laxative Bromo-Quinine :Tablet8; . ¦¦ •'¦ :v ;-':*.$
Piles Cured Without the: Knife.: A
, .. . Special Dispatch to The Call. iV» :
.%6b . ANGELES,: April-' 25.— Senator
Thomas \R; ; Bard ; Is here,' having come
t rpin . Washington to attend . the ; funeral
of his brother, Dr. Bard 1 of Ventura, Senr
ator Bard brings,- news of i a i "find" re
cently; made. In .Washington,, that may re
sult" in an allowance of $88,000 : additional
for 'the San Pedro breakwater: * The J sum
'of* .^OQ.OOO," I the* annual appropriation . for
the ;work under . : the, continuous contract
System, ;wlll be allowed ias expected. ;.The
|88,000 ;'to ; whichV reference " has -been , made
is left from the money appropriated last
year, :and attempt will, be to
have : the " total *." sum fixed at . $48S,000:
Should this be unsuccessful, the . new ap
propriation, win. be .only $312,000.' ¦ Senator
Bard' saVs .harbor.-appro
fiTia.tion'is!a.certainty, the . river • and har
bbrcbillhavlng: passed bothhouses of Con
gress.^ The act will ;be approved by. Presi
dent-Rposeyelt. wlthout;a>doubt."-- : r ¦¦ - •
'/Senator B"ard ; :has some'doubf, that ; real
As ; soon as the • wrecking train , reached
the scene* the work of j putting in a new
truck was taken -up. The "Owls;" north
The engineer, according to orders, was
running at the usual rate of epeed
through the tunnel, and. had the train
well in hand. As he made a turn into the
tunnel the light from the engine warned
him of his danger, and before his locomo
tive'crashed into "the obstruction he had
the train' almost to a' standstill.
While the train was running at the
rate of twelve miles an hour the engine
struck a pile of rocks and earth, tear
ing from it the front truck and ripping
up a section, of track. A wreckings crew
was at once 'sent from this city, but it
will be 6 o'clock to-morrow morning be
fore the track is cleared for traffic.
BAKERSFIELD,' April 25.— Southern
Pacific overland express No. 7 was
wrecked "by a landslide In tunnel 7, be
tween Rowan and Bealville, at 6:30 o'clock
this eveninj. .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Senator Says This Coti
:' gress .May Take No
.*":':', "'V: lection.
Southern Pac.flc Over
land Crashes Into an
Obstruction. - V
Naval Officer Who Severely Criticized
the Admiralty Is Elected . . . ...;
. Without Opposition; '¦¦^-' : -; |.
LONDON, AprU v 25.— Lord ,. Charles
Beresf ord; Conservative,,' has ¦ been' elected
without opposition. : to :. the -seati in.;, the
House of Commons , 'representing:.-''. Wool^
wich, made vacant by the retirement.'of
Colonel .Edwin Hughes, Conservative. v
• Great ' interest was \ taken'.ln'.Gceat .Brit?
aln , in the candidacy of . Lord .-, JBeresf pf d
for Woolwich in consequence .'of : hls"'"rei
cent severe comments on th'o" ; condition ¦ of
the. Britten :navy and the. efforts of j'cer
tairi members of Parliament' to lhduce-'the
Admiralty to discipline hlm.'In : the'-wa^
General Buller', was disciplined 'for his
utterances regarding the British arm yV •
LOKD CHARLES' BEBESPORD
> WINS SEAT .IN .COMMONS
Thomas F. McCabe.
EL PA8Ok : .Tex., April- v23.— Thoraas F,
McCahe,. a tragedian, formerly wyU known
onHhekase.'fa dead at :.the. a?e of A3
years from, consumption. McCabe was an
Elk and a, member of the -Actors' Asso
ciation of , New; York City. He was at "one
time • associated" with Joe Muruhy .. and
John'O'NeilL, >. ., - ... ,_., . .., -, ,>
WHEELING. W." Va.. April 25.— The
A-a«e committee of the Amalgamated As^
¦sociatlon convention is preparing an ela
borate-argument in favor of the course
followed in signing of < the scales' and will
defend President Shaffer's policy vigor
ously. A minority report will be pre
sented. This is about the oniy matter
that may ocasion debate in the conven
tion. Little doubt exists that the scale3
will be indorsed. It is said the president's
policy was indorsed by all the committees
Shaffer's Policy, to. Be Indorsed.
It Is believed the timbers of . the tunnel
gave way and allowed earth and rocks to
fall upon r the rails. -"v^;vf-:.«.f ¦'••CrJ'X'' >' • ..-'
and south bound, ]ahd the southbound lim
ited are-delayedby the wreck Hn the tun
nel. . , -
MANILA, April 25.— Lieutenant . Day.
who-, with Major,: Waller of the Marini
Corps' was tried. by court-martial hero i oa
the charge of exjecutlng natives o{ J tha
island- ot'Samar.cwithout triaT, haa-beea
acquitted.' ; ''"¦ ' • -l~ '¦'.'¦ l ~-"~. ¦'. ¦'¦ ?n : .
. DAT IS ACQUITTED. '¦
: Senator Bard says the- present congress
will not adjourn without passing an Irri
gation bill. -The [act on; that subject ha3
been perfected . and It .will be -eaUefactory
to all .the interests affected. ', The Indian
appropriation bill . is - iri v conference . and
carries -an -item of .$100,000 for. ; the' pur
chase , of lands on;, which to . locate the
destitute Mission natives.' ... . : .
progress will'be made by Congress at this
time. in the enactment of legislation for
an Isthmian canal. • The Philippine bill
now la before the senate and will require
a great deal of . time, aa the Democratic
minority wlll ; persist' in debating the
measure without limit. The , canal, bill is
scheduled to be taken up after; the Philip
pine legislation has been disposed of. Sen
ator .,-" Bard is convinced . that 'those who
advocate ; the Panama route are sincere
in their contention and that feature of the
subject: will be thoroughly. Inquired into
before final action Is taken. . • . ' ' • ".-."
V "I had hoped before I left Washing
ton,''-remarked * Senator '"Bard .' to-day,
"that the Cuban reciprocity bill would b«
allowed todie in committee, and I still be
• lieve that »€ the opposition declines : to • go
into caucus the issue will be dropped."" • ¦
• Senator Bard said the .people of- Cali
fornia had : no idea of the opposition, that
existed : in ' the , East " against further ex
cluslonof Chinese in any. form..: In Sena
tor Bard's opinion, the two heuses of Con
gress are certain to enact a measure that
will guarantee- perfect. exclusion and- will
be, satisfactory to the Pacific ; Coasts He
is that: Chinese exclusion has
come to stay. -' .¦: «.:.;¦
Holbrook assented to Hellman' s re-.
At this point I. W. Hellman. interposed
and stated ' that telegraphic' communica
tion had been' Interrupted which-^hadOde
layed, in/all probability, .the reply of^ the
Eastern men.' «" ' "¦' ¦" --¦'" ,"'* *¦»
«o great. They have invested twenty
tarterniinons of dollars. a,nd co.nsequenily
they must be -considered in this; matter.;' I
v.culd like -to know that the. difference
could be arranged to-day,but I jean hardly
hope that there will be a decision Until
to-morrow. -We have been In conference
formulating a reply \ to , the- recjuest- that
was made by the employes, but these
matters. must be 'communicated -to those
Eastern men t who are so deeply inter
ested." • ' '. ¦ i ; . • ." •"
* "We have done everything we can and
now', we-, /are waiting , a. reply from th?
.Eastern owners of the roads.. We desire
to, -to'e fair,- but naturally we have to de
fer to the people; whose. outlay. has ; been
BARD HAS FEARS
FOB THE CANAL
,., After, a, ..long conference. ;pf the execu
.tlve committee': at 6:30- o'clock last even
ing Charles. Hplbrook. and. I, V W. Hellman
came from the office of President Hol
land. "When questioned- Holland made the
following statement: 1 *'.'":''
r WAITING FOB, ¦ ORDERS.
jw£i;e . In evidence around' the newspaper
offices; eagerly, waiting ' for the ,.. latest
.news. but. nbng of the men had any com-'
muntc.atipn Witji the new ' owners ..of the
roi&.\..... .... " ; ' .."¦ ; . '~<~\l\.~ : ~,
of all those who have been discharged
for being members of the union. It is be
lieved that the railroad owners, do .not
want to take back any one who has tieen
discharged. They also feel that they, liaye
the. right to say whom they. w{ll employ
without. regard to union interference. ¦'•
The executlye committee will meet again
this morning and it Is hoped -by ' : that
time they: will have received word from
the East in cpnnection with > the Agree
ment. ; : Shoulct this agreement.be accepted
by the Eastern railroad ;inen th e dele^i
tion of the striking, streetcar 'men will be
immediately notified. .',... .."!*;¦....., '.
VINING " IS \ IGrNOBED.
Rumors are current that .Manager yin-
Jng/is in bad. favor and thathia. term of
oflke as general manager is of ; short
duration. Vining spent only an hour In
his offices in. the Wells-Fargo building on
Thursda'S", ..and yesterday. he did no£ muka
an appearance. Ilia presence was nofde
sired at any 'of the nioetingfi'and )ie* ha3
not been asked for cither infVirrnatibn". or
advice at.any Qt.the oie^tlngsr V.' L.V.,1*
H. E. Huntingdon, who is a' veteran of
ten strikes, and who was/a prominent
figure in the early part • of ! tfre pf esi'ht
fOTitroversy, has. .been al so ignored: : : 'v ¦" ''¦
'There were many appliciitlon& ; for. work
last Monday, from young- men Who" had
ambitions to become streetcar, "employes.
This fever has died out, however, arid tk : o
application office f or th e iasV r few .'days
has beehj deserted and norie^' have iniis
tered. up enough courage to** apply "¦¦¦fb*r
work during the present' : controversy. ,¦ . ¦
But few striking carmen were to be
seen- in the neighborhood of Wells-
Fargo building ¦yesterday.' : .It> isf. evident
that they, have^perfect confidence 'in; their
organization and In ; the '¦comhjJttjbe^i.that
are handling the strike. A. few of; them
Interruption x of I Communication by Wire
Causes Vexatious Delay, but. Officials
|S« Are Hopeful of Receiving Answer Soon
Hcfolved, That a copy of this resolution be
sent to the San Francisco -paper* the dally
rres* of our city and the striking oar men.
Ktsolved. That w e heartily indorse the -action
cf Mayor Eugene E. Bchmitz in his untiring
.norts for a peaceful settlement of the strike
*nd for standing firm- to the principles of
-rionism. which are the very foundation of
rur government and cause, special 'privileges to
-one. equal rights to all, in refusing to al
ow arm««l interference tn : behalf of corpora-
ReaoU-ed. That the federated Trades of
Santa Clara County earnestly request all who
aro Jn sympathy with our cause to stay away
from San Francisco, no matter, what induc?
rnents may be offered them, until the conflict
is.Bcttted: end be it further .'-'.> " \ ¦;,- .-; ¦
. Resolved. That we, the Federated Trades
Council of the city of San Jo«e, believing that
a blow at our brother .workers Is a blow at all
organized labor, and that an Injury has. been
done the men by- not giving: a tearing to their
demands as a union, thereby refusing to recog
nize organized labor, we hereby extend our
sympathy and assistance to the end that a
victory may be scored for organized labor;
snd be it further -.V'"-' -''''-,''.•.
Trades Council of Santa Clara.Ap
proves of Mayor.
The Federated Trades. Council of Santa
Clara County adopted the following reso
lutions Thursday night:
Whereas, • A conflict between tyranny and ln
dcjitr.dence Is raging In the city of San Fran
cisco between a great body of -3000 union work
i>r« »n«l the railroad syndicate, headed by Man
ajrer Vlnlng, a well-known enemy of- organized
labor; therefore, be it ' ; ':".''. V-
SYMPATHY IS EXTENDED.
TUNNEL CAVE-IN
WRECKS A TRAIN
,The general opinion 'around the Wfclls-
Fargo building is that the. local directors
are only too anxious to settle' the sfiHke
at once, but are restrained by the-.East
ern capitalists. It is rumored that the
chief thorn in the side of the Eastern
street railroad men is the reinstatement
The executive committee, which 1s com
posed of I. W. Hellman, Joseph S. Tobin,
President Arthur Holland, Charles Hol
brook and Tirey L. Ford, was in session
until late last evening. At the close of
the evening meeting the committeemen
appeared hopeful ' that, the strike would
come to an early close. They explained
that they were handicapped,' as all mat
ters In connection with. the strike before
being settled had to be submitted to . the
powers in the East. • . .
This telegram to the Eastern capitalists
was filed in the telegraph office shortly
after noon yesterday and the executive
committeemen expected a reply on their
return from lunch." Hour after hour they
waited, but received no answer from New
York, and upon' seeking the reason of the
'.ong delay they found that the Western
Union wires were ; down. - "
COMMITTEE IS HOPEFUL.
mittee of the United . Railroads
met at the Wells-Fargo building. The re
sult of their labors was a long document,
which was telegraphed "to the ' Eastern
representatives, requesting that they in
dorse the course laid out by the commit
tee, included in the ¦ telegram, and wire
an answer Immediately, so the agreement
could be presented; to the striking, car
men. \v =•--» ; : '.
the breaking of the
telegraph wires, negotiations
- for the settlement of the strike
have been somewhat delayed.
b B Early yesterday morning the
members of the executive com-
In conclusion, he said that he had not
been Influenced in thl* matter by any low
desire for party, .advantage* ; . He ; only;
wished to see/. the country , recalled from
the bloody doctrines of bloody and
return to the peaceful paths by which aha
had ascended in safety and security '"to
glory .and power.
He declared that from the very first out*
break there hid been a. conspiracy. to sup*
press truth and to whitewash- ever/
outrage in the Philippines.
"The Republicans gave no heed to thai
cry of an oppressed and plundered people,
though they were their own people, of
their own blood."- ¦ • -;;-•"• *f j ; .'¦¦'
"Upon what fact or - experience,*.* ha
asked, "did they base their belief in tha
purity of carpetbag government?"
He spoke of the "horrors of carpetbag
government in the South," and said:- • .
The dominant idea of the bill now befora
the Senate, said he, was" to exploit- tha
Philippines. It was proposed to make a
wholesale grant of franchises and conces
sions and to dispose of the people's lands
to foreign syndicates and corporations
without giving the people themselves any
voice in the business. The whole bill .was
a pitiful evasion of a plain duty. We had
a right to demand and the Filipinos have
a right to demand that the administration
shall at least deftne Its policy in' the Phil
ippines. . . " . ., . " . .
ity that a speech made by the Senator
from Indiana (Beverldge> had been, cir
culated brcadcast throughout the country
with an exceedingly pernicious effect upon
the natives. . ' V'
TO EXPLOIT . PHILIPPINES.
Question of Granting Demands of Union
Carmen Is Submitted to Eastern Owners
. ' ••¦.»¦
of System for- Approval or Rejection
RAILROAD DIRECTORS
COMPLETE THEIR WORK
Continued From Page One.
§|Wjp|SpiTfl|fiip|
"We do not fear that the syndicate will
Import men fronx other, places. If "they
try it we will get the men into our ranks,
nearly all of them, and the company will
be out the expense of Importing them.'. I
can put a dozen men upon, any car who
will be able to induce any ordinary man
to leave the job and join us."
STRIKE AFFECTS BTrELDIirG.
Causes Fewer Applications for Pex
mits.to Be Filed.
As one result of the strike Commission
er Manson of, the Board of Public Works
points to the fact that there are fewer
building permits being granted than for
merly. Only three were issued yesterday
and on Wednesday but eight, while ..tbo
average number has been fifteen or six
teen a day for some time. The high prlc»
for material Is one of the contributing
causes of the partial cessation of ; building
operations, according to Manson, who
says that It is impossible to get millstuff
and planed lumber, and contractors are
compelled to wait thirteen months for
structural steel work.
"Our strike committee is . meeting to
night, and plans are constantly beins
formed to take them by surprise, t#, hit
them where they are not expecting it.
just as we hit Mr. Vining Saturday night
when he was hugging the belief that
there could be no strike.
a . :,^>y HE striking carmen gathered in
numbers at Turk-street Tem
| pie lasf night. More than.300
I • of them were Initiated Into tha
' j ¦ un!crt, ' and songs -and-, ad
™ dresses' helped wile a Way a
few hours of their fdlenessO
¦ "We are on waiting orders," President
Richard Cornelius said. "The syndl<Sat«
has our demands. aaJ we are waiting for
the answer. They -ire considering tha
agreement we offered, and apparently
they are taking plenty of tiine to do il-
They do not seem in i hurry to Bring tha
matter to a close and save- the people -the
Inconveniences they are now suffering. X
fear that the delay means that it la ga
ins to settle down to a long fight. They
probably khow now what they intend U>
reply, but we are kept in suspense: until
they get ready to announce their decision.
¦We' have had no word from thenv at all
as to their intentions or the prdbat>lo
time when their answer, may be expected.
Some few hours after this statement
had been issued came the news that the
wires were down, consequently prevents
ing the receipt of the much desired reply
if it had been formulated.
- At 7:20 o'clock last evening Hoiiand said
that no word had come through, and he
feared nothing would be known until
some time to-day.
"The executive committee -is engaged in
formulating its reply to the requests
made by the committee, of Its employes.
The necessity of communicating with
New York involves a slight delay."
There were certain clauses in the de
mands submitted by the men that they
know would not be altogether acceptable
to the Eastern owners, but they felt sure
the men ; would make reasonable conces
sions. V >¦*.»'/. ,
Early In the afternoon - the following
statement was made by- President Hol
land, who was .desirous that .".the public
should be informed of the status of al
fairs: ¦ ..
CLAUSES NOT ACCEPTABLE.
Each one of the company's representa
iives plainly showed the anxiety that the
urgent circumstances of the moment
caused them. That. they had looked for
ward to a satisfactory termination of the
trouble yesterday there is no doubt.
So desirous was President Holland to
hasten the adjustment of the differences
that he remained many hours during
Thursday night at'hls office sending and
receiving telegrams from the East. He
was at his office early yesterday morning
and kept the wires busy, but in the after
noon, when the final answers were looked
for, all telegraphic communication was
interrupted and matters were necessarily
brought to a standstill. '-^i". .
Early in the day the local representa
tives of the company had* come to a de
cision as to what ought to be done to
bring the matter to a conclusion, satis
factory to the public, the striking carmen
and the company. In view, however, ot
the great amount of money invested by
the Eastern owners of the railroads,
it was felt necessary by the officials to
communicate to ttiem the conclusions ar.
rived at by the executive body. This was»
done, and the committee representing th«>
company waited with no little anxiety
for a reply to their urgent telegraphic
message. The impatience of the com
munity, the seriousness of the condition
and strain suffered by the. city were fully
telegraphed, as was, also, the advice ot
those upon whom the local responsibili
ties had, to a large extent, been placed.
HOPED FOB. SETTLEMENT.
It was hoped that "ell communications
with the East might have been closed
in the afternoon or early in the evening,
so that a settlement might have been ef
fected between the executive committee
and the men. V .T^.
The executive committee, consisting of
President Arthur Holland, Joseph S. To
bin. Tirey L. Ford- and Charles Holbrook.
was in constant, session during the whole
of yesterday, and at a o'clock in the even
ing I. W. Hellman joined the executive
meeting. Uv-VplS •-,'..-.¦..:./,
owners of the United Railroads
would be heard from and -their ultimatum
submitted to the Amalgamated Associa
tion some time to-day. • . ••
CONTRARY .to general, expecta
tion the carmen's strike was
not settled yesterday. At a
late hour last night' the indi
cations were that the Eastern
Says Importation of
Men Would Surely
Fail of Its Purpose
President Cornelius
Thinks Company ? s
Delay Is Boding 111
Officials Apparently Anxious to. Adjust Differences With-
Their 'Men and They Intimate That With Sorxpi
Modifications the Union May Be Accei^ll
Owing to Breaking Down of Telegraph Wires theji^v^rlfi|l||
ipected Did Not Arrive, but It Is Now BelievedS&ffi©c|^S
News Will Be Received Here This Morning \^^{J§i^i^|^
HAS FEAR
OF A LONG
STRUGGLE
UNITED RAILROADS DIRECTORS FAIL TO HEAR FROM OWNERS
IN EAST AND CARMEN'S STRIKE STILL REMAINS UNSETTLED
THE SAN .ER^NCISqO .CALL, SATUBDAY, APRIL ,26, ; 1902,
2
r :; ' : -i^eA\/IXx0 : ;«&^ : .BII^^r
| For a wheel to ride while 1
| - Vj'- the cars are not running^ : ' >>^
I GLEVELANlJS, -'$M&M
[TRIBUNES, -::
ISNELLS,^ iipli
! r LE AVITT, & BH.L ; 307-309 Larkin Stf eetp'S
[¦IINHllliaBIBUilBHBlliBHiailllBIHIlil
Hood's Sarsaparilla
Has won success far beyond the effect
of advertising only.''
L Its wonderful popularity is explained
by its unapproachable Merit.
Based upon a prescription which
cured people considered incurable,
Hood's Sarsaparilla
Unites the best-known vegetable rem-
edies in such a .way as to have curative
power peculiar to itself.
Its cures of scrofula, eczema, psori-
asis, and every kind of humor^as well as
catarrh and rheumatism — prove
Hood's Sarsaparilla
the best blood purifier* ever produced. ' I
Its cures of dyspepsia, Joss of appe-
tite and that -tired Reeling make it the
greatest stomach tonic and strength-
restorer the world has ever known.
Begin to take it TO-DAY, jTRKNTON. N. . J.. .April 25.— William N.
Boggs, who was sentenced to five years' im
prisonment for .his connection with' the wreck
ing: of the Dover (Del.) - National . Bank, of
which he .' was , cashier, /was . released \ to-day,
having b*en pardoned by. President t Roosevelt.
Boggs had about another year to serve.'
NEW ORLEANS. April. 25.— The steamer
Sunrise, Captain Frank Scovel, of the Red
River Line, burned to the water's edge at
her wharf here Just before daylight. v Some
of the passengers and crew -had narrow
escapes, but all were saved. The boat
carried considerable freight, which was
badly damaged. The Sunrise was valued
at $25,000, with insurance of $12,000.
Passengers I/eave Burning 1 Boat.
The Archbishop. Is conscious but Is" kept
very quiet and two trained nurses are con
stantly with him. , / ¦ ¦ . .,- .
NEW YORK, April 25.— Archbishop Cor
rigan. who is seriously III of pneumonia
at his residence in this city, according to
the last bulletin. Issued at 10:15 o'clock to
night, passed a fair day and in the opin
ion of the physicians his condition is en
couraging.
Encoura ging and He Continues
Conscious.
New York Prelate's Condition Is More
ARCHBISHOP C0RRIGAN
SLOWLY IMPROVING
Of . the people who were present during
the reunion it was estimated to-day that
fully 60,000 had departed since yesterday
afternoon. Af the .camp to-day a feast
unique in the history of reunions was pre
pared, six buffaloes having been slaught
ered for a barbecue. ' ,.
A vote of thanks was given to Dallas, to
the State of Texas and to the. ladles of
Texas for their hospitality.: General Gor
don embraced the opportunity to make an
other plea for the monument to Southern
women.. The convention then adjourned
to the next meeting in New Orleans.
""Comrades, \ I have been touched many
times and~eyery year this old Confederate
heart grows more tender and loving as
the end approaches. When the end comes,
I want your hands to bury me and on my
tomb I would have written, 'Here lies a
Confederate.'
DALLAS, Tex., April 25.— When the last
session of the Confederate Veterans' con
vention was called to order to-day a reso
lution by • Commander-in-Chlef John B.
Gordon, a' "loving farewell,'.' Was adopted
with cheers. General Gordon said in re
sponse:
O. L. Snyder, the Buffalo (N. Y.) at
torney, who has <been. instrumental in
securing the tunnel rights of the old
company for the new concern, .said to
day:
"I am not at liberty to give the name
of the president of bur company now,
but I will eay that he Is one of the most
prominent railroad men in the United
A new company known as the Denver
and Salt Lake Railway. Mining and Tun
nel Company, with a capital of $5,000 000
has been Incorporated here to build the
tunnel. The Incorporators are Henry J
O'Bryan, Dr. John F. Elliott, John J
Reilley, H. S. McDowell H. W. Hannuni
and Herbert George of Denver; James E
Rotchford of Syracuse. N. Y.;' John E
Bleekman of New York City and M. W
Barse of Boston. •
• This decision was reached at a meeting
of the directors in this city. Snyder said,
further, that a corps of surveyors ¦ wlli
start out from Denver this spring to
select a route for a railroad to Salt Lake
which will run through the tunnel. It is
also expected to develop mines by means
of the tunnel.
DENVER, April 25.— O. L. Snyder,
chairman of the board of directors of
the company owning the Atlantic and Pa
cific ("Brick" Pomeroy) tunnel, has an
nounced that the construction of the tun
nel, piercing. Gray's Peak, will be resumed
as soon as the snow is off the ground.
Independent Line Is to
Eventually Cross
the Continent. \
Commander of Old Con
federates Speaks .
Impressively.
WASHINGTON, April 2o.r-The Presi
dent to-day received a delegation consist
ing of members of the Merchants' Asso
ciation of , New York, the Chamber of
Commerce and the Cotton Exchange, ac
companied by ladies. The delegation is on
Its way home from a visit to the Charles
ton Exposition and numbered about forty.
William F. King, chairman of the dele
gation from the Merchants' Association,
addressed the President, saying among
ether things:
During our stay in Charleston we -were
deeply touched by the many cordial and feel
ing expressions we received tind which you
aroused by your visit to the exposition. At a
banquet which we attpnded ovsry one spoke
most feelingly of you. I believe the exposition
is a new day for the South.
The President responded as follows:
Mr* King. Ladies and Gentlemen: I appre
ciate very much your visit to me and I am glad
you were down at Charleston. I was deeply
touched by the reception I met there — a recep
tion not personal to me, but given to me as
representing . the nation, to which all of us
belong, and all the parts of which and the suc
cess of any part of which are matters of pride
for every one of us everywhere. I feel in the
strongest ¦ way that nothing can be more im
portant than the building up of the great in
dustrial interests of the South, through just
such an organization as you represent here to
day. I thank you for calling upon me. You
represent bodies of the kind that have made
New York's greatness what it is. As regards
what Mr.' King said concerning the expressions
used by the people of." Charleston about me,; J
can only say that I am going to do my best to
serve them and to do all I can in keeping up
the -wonderful prosperity. . material and moral,
of our- country. (Applause). - ¦
Pleasant Things About Roose
velt and the South.
Chairman of the Delegation Says
iiBW YORK MERCHANTS" ~""~
VISIT THE PRESIDENT
Revolution. Daughters Name Officers.
DENVER. April 25.— The General Soci
ety, Daughters of the Revolution, ad
journed sine die to-day after electing the
followingr members of the board of man
agers: Mrs. C. S. Thomas. Colorado;
Mrs. Carrie Woodruff, North Carolina;
Mrs. James A. Mount, Indiana; Mrs. Da
vid C. Carr. New York; Mrs. C. A. Place.
Minnesota; Mrs. Frances E. Stanley.
Massachusetts; Mrs. W. S. Cogswell.
Long Island. A committee consisting of
Mrs. N. S. Keay of Pennsylvania as
chairman. Mrs. Hill of Maryland. Miss
Voss of Indiana. Mrs. Caspar of Colorado.
Mrs. Heath of Massachusetts. Mrs. IngTa
ham of New York, Mrs. Terry of Long
Island and Mrs. T. K. Bruner of North
Carolina was appointed to confer with
Senators and Representatives in Congress
with regard to a bill making the vicinity
of Valley Forge a national park.
GORDON'S WORDS
THRILL VETERANS
COLLECTOR PAT GARRETT
EXCITES THE CATTLEMEN
Southwestern Customs Official Makea
a Ruling Which May Cause
Considerable Trouble.
EL PASO. Tex., April 23.— Collector of
Customs Pat Garrett has created a sen
sation among cattlemen in El Paso by
ruling that all imported Mexican cattla
under one year should pay import duty of
$3 75 per head instead of $2. as heretofore.
The decision has raised a storm of dis
approval and the Corralitos Company has
mads a. protest and appealed to the au
thorities at Washington. The importing
season has just opened and the ruling
will affect thousands of young cattle that
are to be shipped to northern ranges.
Barber Dies on the Gallows.
NEWARK, N. J... April 25.— Henry
Schwab was hanged here to-day for the
murder of his wife and child. As the
body fell the man's head was nearly sev
ered. Schwab was a. barber. He was dis
sipated and his wife made arrangements
to leave him. When he learned of her de-
T«?rmina.tion he killed her and their child.
H«» cut his own throat, but not seriously.
States and carries behind him the capital
to carry out all our ideas. These ideas,
are rather startling. What would you
say to a railroad from the Atlantic to
the Pacific, entirely independent of any
of the transcontinental lines? This is our
ultimate aim and such a road will be
built. It will use -our tunnel."
The employes went to work with a will
and throughout the day they expressed
their satisfaction at the result of their
conference with the officials of the line.
They conversed good-naturedly with the
patrons of the road, but not a bitter word
was expressed against anyone in author
ity. The men say they went out for. the
sake of. the union and that the recogni
tion of that privilege* by their employers
compensated them for the time lost up
to- date.
The new arrangement with the men will
date from yesterday. That is to say that
whatever agreement the carmen and offi-
utes, and had there been twenty more
they would have been used to financial
advantage.
THIS IS HOW THE GEARY
STREET CARMEN LOOKED
YESTERDAY.
The Times admits that the question of
subsidized liners is important and re
quires further elucidation. The paper
hints that the enormous business expan
sion of an activity in the United States is
not taking an altogether healthy and 6a.fe
form and that the big combine in business
may be easily overdone.
The Times further understands, that
pressure will be brought- upon the Gov
ernment to represent to Lord Pauncefote
the British Embassador at Washington'
the urgency of obtaining a report; as to
the extent and organization of trusts in
the United States and their' effect upon
commercial- transactions.
In an editorial deprecating the alarmist
views on the subject and tending: to de
fend the combine, the Times refers to the
wild suggestions of the necessity of Gov
ernment Interference and declines to see
that it will seriously diminish Great Brit
ain's command of the 6ea.
"When at last Great Britain has been
peacefully annexed by the United States
, e .5u-' W wJ u , b « Voicing over the reunion
of the English-speaking peoples and over
the fact that their old home has been
saved from conquest by Germany "
The Economist says it thinks the amal
gamation Is not bo important in itself as
in suggesting a greater combination of
railway and shipping interests of capital
and influence on the America side, which
could not fail to have a most disastrous
effect on British maritime interests.
The Times announces that the shipping
combine corporation is now In process of
organization, the issue stock having been
underwritten here and in America, and
that the promoters are ready to extend
the capital to £40,000,000. The paper says
also that the Cunard line will probably
«»nter the combine, forcing the smaller
lines to follow.
If there had been, several years ago, a
proper strategical department at the Ad
miralty, much that has been done detri
mental to Great BritaJn would have been
prevented." says the Post. The paper
concludes:
LONDON, April 26.— The papers this
morning give first place to comment on
the Atlantic shipping combination, pub
lishing all kinds of statements and alarm
ist editorials on the political bearings of
the combine. Thus, the Morning Post,
dealing with the subject in the light of the
danger of Great Britain losing her sea su
premacy, says these things ought to have
been foreseen.
Combine.
Sees Danger to England in Steamship
BRITISH PRESS ALARMED.
Platt expressed the opinion that the
general strike would be adjusted within
a short time.
"We lost a few thousand dollars by the
strike," resumed Platt. "but the experi
ence was worth it, I presume. We suc
ceeded in making the acquaintance of our
employes and managed to learn some
thing about practical railroading. We
will grant all concessions made by the
United Railroads to .their employes. In
gaining this promise from us the carmen
of our line have won what we would have
conceded to them without striking. It
was a little misunderstanding, but it is
settled now and that ends it."
PLATT IS GRATIFIED.
President Horace G. Platt said yester
day that\he was glad the line was again
in' operation. He Insists the men on th : s
line would have never gone out but for
a misunderstanding. The men were
under the impression that the .line wa3
controlled by the United Railroads, and
when they discovered their error, accord
ing to Platt, they were more than eager
to settle. the strike by means of a con
ference. . '¦'• .
cials of the United Railroads may reach
it will be in force on the Geary-street line
from yesterday. In any event the em
ployes of this line are the gainers and
they ar# filled with great satisfaction In
consequence.
MAGNATES PLAN
GREAT RAILWAY
THK residents along the Geary
street line were in a good
humor yesterday, the occasion
being the reopening of the'
railway after an interruption
of five days. The resounding
gongs and grinding noise of
iron wheels sounded as the softest music
to the ears of the footsore people near
the park, who had for five days been do
ing pedestrian stunts against their wil!.
The scene about the carhoutie of the
company was an animated one at 5 a. m.,
when the employes to the number of
nearly seventy reported for duty. Each
man wore his badge and all were in the
best spirits at the prospect of getting
back to their runs. The first car,to leave
the house was in charge of Conductor
M. Harrington and Motorman W. C.
Fisher.
The resumption of traffic was not only
profitable to the company, but it relieved
the press of travel on the California
street line. Immense crowds rode down
town before 9 o'clock, the greater part of
these • being residents of the district far
to the south of Geary street and the west
end. of Point Lobos avenue. »
EXTRA) CARS PUT ON.
In order to accommodate the great
travel eight extra cars were put.on, mak
ing the total for the day twenty-six. The
cars were run at intervals of three min-
Wearied Residents
Along the Route
Have Day of Ease
The Auspicious Event
Causes Rejoicing
Among Employes
Road Is Opened and
Traffic Is Resumed
With Big Success
-President H. G., Platt
' J Says Strike Was
• an Object Lesson
Denver, from $500,000 to $700,000; Butte.
$225,000 to $275,000: Leadville, $75,000 to
$S5.000; Seattle. $750,000 to $300,000. An ap
propriation of $700,000 is made for a build
ing in San Francisco- on ground now
owned by the Government. An appro
priation of $125,000 is made from Ogden .
Utah on condition that a site is sold to
the United States at a nominal cost. The
following appropriations are made for
buildings and sites: Colorado Springs.
Colo, $135,000; Fresno. Cal., $100,000; Reno.
Nev., $60,000. Appropriations are made for
sites as follows: Spokane, Wash., $60,000;
Tacoma, Wash.. $60,000. Provision is made
for enlarging the present site at Los An
geles. Cal. at a cost of $150,000, or for
acquiring a new site with suitable build
ing, the entire limit of cost to be $500,000.
Frepaf ed for Debate.
WASHINGTON. April 25.—Representa
tive Mercer of Nebraska will introduce in
the House to-morrow the omnibus public
building bill agreed upon by his committee
and on next Monday a special rule will be
presented to the House for consideration
of the bill on Tuesday. The rule will pro
vide for three hours' debate and a vote
without opportunity for amendment. The
bill will carry authorizations for public
buildings in every State of the Union ex
cept Delaware and Idaho, for which States
no bills were Introduced. In all there are
173 authorizations in the bill, aggregating
$15,500,000. No new postofflce is provided
for New York City, but the bill authorizes
a committee consisting of the Secretary of
the Treasury, Postmaster General and At
torney General to select a site In the
borough of Manhattan. In the following
cities the limit ot cost of public buildings
is increased:
Omnibus Measure Including Appro
* priations for Federal Structures
PUBLIC BUILDING BILL
CARRIES A VAST* SUM
WASHINGTON, April 25.— The Senate
Committee on Cuba to-day decided to in
stitute an investigation into the charge
that the greater part of the present crop
of Cuban sugar is held by the sugar trust
of this country, as directed by the resolu
tion introduced in the Senate by Teller on
the lath in=t.
The action of the committee was' favor
able only to the rlrst half of the resolu
tion, which provides for an inquiry affect
ing the present holdings of Cuban sugar.
It was ueciaed to strike out that portion
of (he resolution requiring an investiga
tion of the norn/al cost of making sugar
in Cuba and also into the general ques
tion of reciprocity with Cuba. The com
mittee held that those cuestiojjs are al
ways before the committee ana to adopt
that "portion of the resolution would be
equivalent to instructing the committee
to perform its ordinary duties.
A provision was added empowering the
committee. to send tor persons and papers,
and a sub-committee, consisting ot sena
tors Platt of Connecticut, Burnham and
Teller, was appointed to hear the testi
mony. Senator Platt announced that it
was his purpose to extend all facilities to
those making the charges, that the Cuban
planters would not get the benetit of the
proposed reduction in duties, to prove
these charges, adding that he would do
all in his power to render the inquiry ex
haustive. The resolution was adopted and
the preamble upon which it is based fol
lows:
Whereas. It has been currently reported that
nearly the entire crop of Cuban sugar has
been purchased and Is now held by what is
generally known as the "aujar trust," whicn
is the principal consumer of raw sugar In the
United States, and that any concessions given
to the raisers of cane sugar in the island of
Cuba or any measures intended for their relief
by admitting their sugar at reduced rates of
duty into the United States will only benefit
the said sugar trust, and that the Cubans -will
receive no real benefit from such concessions;
and
Whereas. It is alleged that a large number
of citizens of the United States have acquired
large holdings of cane-producing lands in Cuba,
and arc now especially urging the reduction of
duty on sugar under the claim that such re
duction will benefit the people of Cuba; there
fore be it /
Resolved, That the Committee 'on Relations
with Cuba be. and -hereby is, directed to make
an investigation as to . the truth of such
charges and report to the Senate.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Changes Made in the Postal Service
Granted.
and More New Pensions
WASHINGTON,- April 25.— The Fostof
fice Department to-day announced: Post
office established:. California— Sesame,
Madera County. Postmasters commis
sioned: California— Flora B. Merrill, Tlb
uron; Walled Roden, Oriental; Harvey W.
Swift, Shaver; John T. Spaulding, Stoble;
William L. Correll, Sesame. Oregon —
Frank C. Sharkey, "Lucky Boy. Wash
ington— Charles F. Treat, Fir; Owen Tay
lor, Felida. Appointed: Oregon— L. E.
Milledge, Dillard, Douglas County, vice
W. C. Pickens, resigned; William Ruple,
Golden, Josephine County, vice S. C.
Ruble, resigned; H. F. Murdoch, Klamath
Falls, Klamath County, vice Antone Cas
tel, resigned. %
These pensions were granted: Califor
nia: Original— William E. Mett, Whit
more, $10; Patrick Shoveling, San Fran
cisco, $12; John H. Scott, Napa, $12; Al
bert C. Haight, High Grove, $S; Mitchell
Tynan, Hollister, ?8. War with Spain-
Elmer Peterson, San Bernardino, $12. In
crease—George H. Davis. Soldiers* Home,
Los Angeles, $S; Daniel N. Rowe, Elsi
nore, $12; Thomas J. Frost. Ferndale $8
Oregon: Original— Josiah S. Gordon.
Spikenard. $8. Increase— George H. Fenn
Grants Pass. $12; Lewis Platts, Newberg,'
$8: Robert Griffin, Cottage Grove. $10
Mexican war— Savannah S. Holt, Harris
burg, $8.
Washington; Original— James Black
well, Centerville. $10; Alvin Stark, Sol
diers' Home. Orting. $S; Hiram S. Trem
ble, Monroe. $6; Alonzo H. Davis, Ho
quiam, $10; John Blrckle. Soldiers' Home,
Orting. $S; Marcus C. Patrick, Seattle, $6.
Increase— Luther C. Axton. Laurel. $10-
John L. Duckworth (dead). Auburn tv'-
Luther P. Chandler. Orting. $S. . - '
PRESIDENT NOMINATES
NEW CONSULAR OFFICERS
Rufus Waterman of Rhode Island
Will Be the Representative
in Dublin.
WASHINGTON, April 25.— The Presi
dent sent these nominations to the Sen
ate to-day:
Consuls— Alfred M. Gottschalk of New
York, at San Juan del Norte, Nicaragua;
Rufus Waterman, Rhode Island, at Dub
lin, Ireland.
Navy— Commander Albert Ross, cap
tain. Passed assistant paymasters to be
paymasters— John Irwin Jr. and J. H
Merriam; assistant paymaster to be
passed assistant paymaster— H. R. Insley:
passed assistant surgeons, with rank' of
lieutenant— R. M. Wheeler and Robert S.
Blakeman: paymasters, to be pay inspec
tors—Charles W. Llttlefleld, William W.
Gait and Arthur Peterson.
Sues Neighboring Mining- Company.
DENVER, April 25.— Stratton's Inde
pendence Mining Company of Cripple
Creek to-day filed a suit in the Arapahoe
County District Court against the Strong-
Mining Company, charging the latter
company with extracting gold and other
valuable 'ores from the Maggie lode min
ing claim, which adjoins the Strong prop
erty, and asking damages to the amount*
of $1,750,000. Stratton's Independence is
owned principally in London. The Strong
mine was owned by Sam Strong, w.ho was
killed by Grant Crumley a few months
ago.
Congressman Amos Cummings 111.
BALTIMORE. April 25.— It was learned
late to-night that Congressman Amos J.
Cummings of New York Is critically ill
from pneumonia at the Church home in
this city.
The unanimous conclusion of the finance
*r,d executive committees is that, considering
the vast aggregate value of the physical prop
erties, the proposed $250,000,000 increase of
bonds from 5300.000.000 to $550,000,000 is wise
End conservative, the preferred stock issue
being simultaneously decreased 40 per cent of
$700,000,000. The consequent $14,000,000 re
duction of dividend payments as compared
with the $12,500,000 increase of interest would
result in a n»t annual saving of $1,500,000, ex
ceeding *y $490,000 the annual sinking fund
contribution of $1,010,000 to be required by
the proposed mortgage, and which, inverted
at 4 jter cent, would be sufficient tn sixty
years to pay off all of the $250,000,000 bond*.
To further the succeys of the plan, there
hes been formed a syndicate. Including some
directors, which will receive four-fifths of the
4 per cent compensation to be paid under th«>
.contracts W j t h j. p. Morgan & Co.. mentioned
In the notice of stockholders' meeting.-
The stockholders' meeting to vote on
the proposed , changes in the company's
counties will be held at Hoboken. X. J.,
May 13.
As the preferred stock carried 7 per cent
dividends, while the bonds would bear but 5
per cent interest, the $50,000,000 desired could
:n this way be added to the corporate re
f-ourccs, and th« aggregate of the annual
charges for interest and dividends, instead of
Jielng increased $3,500,000. would be decreased
SI, 500,000. as compared with the present sum
total of these two requirements.
KWd-oOOXiOO of. the preferred stock $2O0,OO»,-0O0
of sinking fund sixty-year 5 per cent mortgage
gold bonds, and fcy gelling $50,000,000 addi
tional bonds of such issues for cash.
The problem confronting the finance com
mittee has been to make provision for this
S50.000.000 without issuing preferred stock,
which cannot be scld at tess than par and
v.-hich, if sold at par, would entitle to divi
dends at the rate of 7 per cent and would in
crease by f3.0O0.000 the present annual divi
dend requirements of the corporation.
After discussion with some of the principal
fctockholders it appeared practical to rearrange
your corporation's capitalization fwhich, in
round numbers, now consists of $300.000.<XK» of
bends. 9500,000.000 preferred stock and S50O,
f-OO.ooo of common stock) by substituting for
The finance committee also recommends cap
italizing both the $15,000,000 expended during
• lie year for commitments made prior to your
corporation's organization and the $10,000,000
jet to be paid -for properties as above stated.
Thesr three purposes in the aggregate call for
$50,000,000.
Within the next few months will fall due
payments aggregating about $10,000,000 tor
properties purchased almost immediately after
>our corporation was organized. In the pre
liminary report to the stockholders these pay
ments were described as "purchase money ob
ligations." The finance committee is unani
mous in its support of the executive commit
tee's recommendation and believes" that, ae de
sired by the executive committee, $25,000,000
should be mad; available for Improvements.
However, owing largely to advance commit
ments, it was impossible to stop all construc
tion at the tim» your corporation was organ
ized, and in order to finish work then already
vnder way, cash payments have been made
during the year to the amount of $15,000,000.
It was not possible then to determine how
much of thib contemplated expenditure of
cbout $50,090,000 -would have to be made, nor
In advance cf sufficient experience would It
have been wise to capitalize any part o." the
f itS.OOO.OOO that have been actually expended.
In February. 1901. various subsidiary com
panies bad under contemplation and in many
instances had actually begun the construction
of additions to their plants, -which. in
some instances, would have duplicated the
lacilitles of other subsidiary companies. The
aggregate of these contemplated expenditures
Tvas something like SM.u00.000. As stated in
the preliminary report, much that at the time
of the crcranization it was hoped might be
accomplished in the way of avoiding- wasteful
expenditures for the unnecessary enlargement
of plants has been accomplished by co-opera
tion among: the several companies, enabling
cw to utilize the facilities of the other.
Accompanying this circular was a re
port of the finance committee which \set
forth in detail various reasons why the
refunding plan should be approved, to
gether with a series of resolutions recit
ing how the plan is to be carried out.
The stockholders' report, signed by Presi
dent Schwab and Chairman Garj'p says in
part: /
NEW TORK. April 23.— Stockholders of
tnc United States Steel Corporation today
received a circular letter of the cor
poration, setting forth the exact terms
under which it is proposed to retire S20J,-
COO.OdO of 7 per cent stock and issue $250,
000,000 of 5 per cent bonds, thereby in
creaeing the bonded debt from $300,000,000
jo $530,000,000.
Sir James Fortesque-Flannery, M. P.,
an associate of LJoyds, and former presi
dent of the Institution of Marine Engi
neers, takes a serious view of the situa
tion. He says the present movement is
part of a well defined scheme in Ameri
can mercantile and naval circles, the ulti
mate object of which is to foster Amin
can ship building. _fle sees in the new
ship building yards important factors in
the fast maturing project Tor enlarging
the American navy, v,'hich, he considers,
must inevitably be extended in proportion
to the present enormous enlargement of
the American mercantile marine.
Furthr questions in the House of Com
mons to-day on the subject of the ship
ping combine elicited information show
ing that the Government was taking
steps to cope with the situation, which
-evidently was officially considered detri
mental to Great Britain. The president
of the Board of Trade, Gerald Balfour,
said the Board of Trade had no orticial
information about the combine, but
plenty of unofficial intelligence had reach
ed the board. The effect of such a com
bination on British shipping generally
would receive the careful attention of the
board, but any informal inquiry would
be premature. No information regarding
the arrangements made by the Ameri
can syndicate to control the Atlantic
traffic, including passenger, freight and
other charges, and the movements of the
vessels largely belonging to British com
panies, had been submitted to the board
before the arrangements were made. As
to steps to secure the commercial and
political interests of the United.King
dom, and to prevent foreign interference
with British shipping:, conflicting with en
gagements made with the Admiralty, the
matter had occupied, and is occupying,
the Government's attention.
The Secretary of the Admiralty, reply
ing to Henry Norman. Liberal, said the
attention of the Admiralty had been
called to the formation of the Atlantic
shipping combine or trust, with a capi
tal of $170,000,000, mostly held in the
United States, and with registered offices
Ji Amorica - The Secretary was informed"
that twenty-eight British trans-Atlantic
eteamships were controlled by this com
¦ 3?. atlon> amoD 5 th em being three sub
sidized steamers and five others which
w f» r if . x. a ' tl * e Admiralty's disposal,
without subsidy. The White Star line
gave the Admiralty no notice of its in
tention to enter the combination.
The "Westminster Gazette, however, so
laces itself with the thought that if the
law by which only American built ships
are entitled to fly the American flag is
repealed, the British, as ship builders,
stand to gain what they lose as ship
owners.
Shipping circles express satisfaction
with the announcement of Arnold-Foster,
Secretary of the Admiralty, of "the.ap
pointment of a committee to inquire into
the whole subject, as affecting the Ad
miralty. Much is made of the fact that
the Inman line steamers City of Paris
(now the American line steamer Phila
delphia) and the City of New York (now
the American line steamer City of New
York), after receiving $134,750 in subsidies,
were transferred to the American flag,
and it is contended that tUere is' noth
ing to prevent a repetition of such action.
LONDON, April 25.— The statements re
garding the intentions of the managers
of the Atlantic shipping combine vary
with each edition of almost every news
paper here, and most o£ them entirely
lack even the semblance of authenticity;
but they serve to enhance the general
care which is fully voiced by the startling
newspaper posters and headlines. . .,
Neither of the Ministers— Nicaraguan
or Costa Rlcan— has yet received the full
powers from hia Government necessary
to the perfection of the treaties. • ! v v
The original proposition was to pay a
lump sum representing the capitalization
of this rent for 100 years, but the repub
lics prefer to have the money paid yearly
in recognition of their sovereignty and In
consideration of the allowance of their
wish in this matter ;hey have gone to the
length of making the lease to the United
States perpetual as against the 100-year
renewable lease of the Colombian agree
ment.
No provision is made in the Colombian
protocol for the payment of any annual
rent. That matter will be left to future
adjustment, though, of course, it is ex
pected that some rent ¦will b« charged.
The agreements as to the Nicaraguan
canal, however, specifically state the rent
to- be paid, which is $30,000 per annum, of
which Nicaragua will get SS.000 and Costa
Rica $5000. While thi3 • rent is merely
nominal, it serves a useful purpose in the
estimate of the isthmian republics, name
ly to continually assert the nominal sover
eignty of Nicaragua and Costa Rica over
the territory through which the canal ia
cut. -
One point of resemblance is the amount
of money to be paid down at onco by the
United States Government to the coun
try making the concession. In each case
this is S7.WO.000. If the Panama route is
chosen Colombia gets all of this money.
If the choice falls on the Nicaragua route.
Nicaragua will receive IS, 000,000 and Costa
Rica Sl.OOd.OOO. A good deal of the delay
that has ¦ occurred in consummating the
arrangements was owing to the difficulty
in reaching a basis of division as between
Nicaragua and CoSta Rica and tils is gen
erally fixed upon as about six to one in
favor of Nicaragua.
A comparison of the outlines of the
agreements or treaties made by the State
Department with Colombia in relation to
the Panama canal and with Nicaragua
and Costa. Rica as to the Nicaragua
canal shows a general resemblance in the
scope of the arrangements, but important
differences in details.
"WASHINGTON, "April 25.— The Cabinet
held a short' session to-day, during which
the relative propositions or the Colombian
and Nicaraguan governments in connection
with the proposed canal were discussed.
Both propositions will be at once sub
mitted to Congress. The President is ex
ceedingly anxious, whatever determina
tion Congress may come to as to the rela
tive merits of the two routes, that some
decision may be reached at this session.
Stockholders Advised of the
Proposed Financial (-
Venture.
Present Holdings of the Island
Froduct to Be Ex
amined. . '
England Fear? Useless Pay
ment of Enormous -
Subsidies.
Colombian and Nicaraguan
Offer3 Ready for
Congress.
Roosevelt Anxious That
Canal Question Be
Settled.
United States Steel Cor
poration Defines New
Project.
New Combination of
Atlantic Steamships
Causes Concern.
Seoators Will Investi
gate Question of
. Profit. ,
FLAG TRANSFER
WORRIES BRITISH
DELAY ANNOYS
THE PRESIDENT
RAISES DEBT
BY MILLIONS
CUBAN SUGAR
CAUSES INQUIRY
GEARY-STREET LINE RESUMES OPERATIONS WITH HEAVY
BUSINESS AND UNION MEN AND COMPANY ARE SATISFIED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 26, 1902.
3
notable^State and Social Functions, at Home
and Abroad, demonstrate the Pre-eminence of
"THE <JUEEN OF, TABLE WATERS."
Dr. Pierce's Common Sense Medical
Adviser in paper covers is ,sent free, on
receipt of 21 one-cent stamps to pay er-,
pense of mailing only. Address Dr. R.,
V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y. .
PR. PIERCE'S REMEDIES.
BRAIN FOOD.
! Kot long since there was a great ma
en the fieb markets because it was an*
noanced that fish was food for the brain.
Oi course the fallacy of the fa$ was soon
exploded. ' Normally the food we eat
sonrishes brain, •
nerves, muscle, /f\^ /^N*3t§a
•part of the body yL)
assimilating BggV\
phosphorous jgSSa'vl _^\<ffl&
«&lta ( lime, ac-OESi/X /£rfra§2©\
cording to its vwrj^gKJ^^^^^^^
brain begins to
come sensitive it glfljraly^Jw
contained in the Cjillra£i«E
general due to k?^^^^S§-*^I
disease of the
allied organs. pttfc*w
Discovery cares
diseases of the stomach and other organs
of digestion and nutrition. It enables
,the perfect digestion and assimilation of
food, which is the source of the strength
of both brain and body.
¦ * I wa« troubled with very frequent beadaehes,"
sprites Miss Belle Summerton, of Sen Diego, ,
Dural Co., Texas., "often accompanied by severe
vomiting ; bowels were irregular and niv etom-
sen and liver seemed continually out of order.
Often I could est almost nothing, and sometime*
absolutely nothing, for twenty-four hours at a
lime. I was entirely unfit /or work, and my
<whole system Memed so run-down that I feared
* severe side spell and was very much di»-
ecurag-ed. I was advised to try Dr. Pierce's
Cold en Medical Discovery and did so with such
satisfactory results that before finishing the
third bottle I felt perfectly able to undertake
duties attendisg public school life."Some chemists affirm that the ideal Ink
consists almost exclusively of gallata of
iron, and that the nearer the liquid ap
proaches this substance the more perfect
the ink.
The jury retired a few minutes before
noon to consider their verdict, went to
ranch and brought in their verdict of ac
quittal about 2:30 o'clock.
Prosecution Fails to Connect Him
With the Killing or Otto
Ekbert
¦ John T. Biley was acquitted by a jury
in Judge Cook's court yesterday on a
charge of murder. He was accused of
striking Otto Ekbert, a non-union team
ster, a fatal blow with a piece of gas pips
on Townsend street, between Third and
Fourth, on the evening of November 9
last.
Judge Cook, in giving the charge to tho
jury, said that if they felt satisfied be
yond a reasonable doubt that Mrs. Alma
Miller had the opportunity of getting 1 a
good view of the features of the man' who
struck the blow, then her evidence was
to be considered, but if, on the contrary,
they were satisfied that she only got a
view of his back, as testified by her at
the •preliminary examination, then, it
should not be considered.
BILEY IS ACQUITTED
OP "CHARGE OF MURDER
The Oakland fans only had one chance
to see their pets play and then they lost.
The other two games were stopped by
the juicy state of the weather. If old
Sol will be kind and do the right thing
to-morrow morning, the Oakland grounds
will have such a crowd as used to fill the
old Piedmont ball field when the Qreen
hood & Morans were in their glory.
Bill Hanlon will again do stunts around
the Initial sack. He is in training and
Morley will use him as soon as the An
gels come North. Hanlon is one of tha
be3t first basemen in minor league com
pany and always a favorite. He has the
advantage of Streib in height, though he
has not got it on the little fellow a bit
in handling badly thrown balls. If Han
lon regains his lost batting eye, Morley' 3
team, will be a wonder.
little Mahler's work around second has
won for him a warm spot In the heart
of everyone who frequents Recreation
Park. The wee lad certainly plays a
great fast game in the field and he is a
scientific hitter. In the last series, ho
did over .300 per cent with the willow.
McHale, Meredith, Leahy and Holly
continue to be the idols of the stands
and bleachers. This quartet has done
the most effective work lately, all hit
ting well and fielding like stars.
' S hug-art did not show up so well in the
last five games he played. The Cap.
yearns for his old position at the* short
stop. When Harris gets another innelct
er the man from Chicago 'will again go
to short and will in all probability play
100 per cent better ball.
Old Slow Ball McPartlin made a record
a couple of weeks ago at Los Angeles
that can not be beat, and Is not likely to
be equaled. He did not allow Oakland a
single run or even a hit. This record has
only been made in the National Leagua
a few times in thirty years.
Manager Harris has his optics focused
on four or five performers who ha
thinks will soon stampede 'with tha
Ponies. One is a catcher, another an out
fielder.
will set the pace for a ¦while. Mortey
is generous in hiring: men. He practically
has. two teams under salary, and If an>
one happens to get hurt he Is there with
another man who -will deliver the goods.
LOS ANGELES has taken a good lead
in the race for the- flag and it looks
as though the Southern aggregation
Angels Will Have a Crack
Team if Bill Hanlon Can
Hit the Ball as of Old
A New Catcher Is Also to
Be Added to the Local
y Nine Within a Few Days
UNCLE HENRY
WILL SIGN NEW
INFIELD MEN
City. Chemist Green is preparing to .sub
mit a report*, to the Board of ; Health re
garding the chemical ; investigations t into
the purity of the salt water pumped into
Analyzing Salt .Water.
John Gavin, and Joseph Kirk, opium
smugglere, ¦were released from custody
yesterday by United States District Judge
de Haven on furnishing bonds in the sum
of 11000.
Smugglers Are Bailed Out.
l ; MACHINIST ' , SEEKS - DAMAGES.— FrancU
A. Walker filed a suit against the Risdon Iron
.Works yesterday. for $1000 damages for breach
of contract, and for $50 for . services , rendered
during ¦ the | recent strike. I Walker alleges that
he was brought out here from New York on a
contract which guaranteed him work as a ma
chinist for »lx months, . but was discharged
after two months' employment. ;
Seven Years for Grand Larceny.
Edward Barry, who pleaded guilty in
Judge Cook's court to a charge of grand:
larceny, was sentenced yesterday to serve
seven years in San Quentin.,. On Sunday'
afternoon, February 2, Barry and two
other men, who escaped, held up Leon-'
hard Frank on Post street, near Kearny
and stole his watch, valued at $2 '
on Outside Work.
Auditor Baehr takes exception to the
criticism of Chief of Police Wlttman" re
garding the estimate Baehr has made for
the Police Department. Baehr says ha
has allowed the department about 100
new patrolmen and he believes the pub
lic, will be convinced that they are suffi
cient when they take into consideration
that many officers in the department are
being paid for police duty notwithstand
ing the fact that they are, doing mechan
ical- work, viz., repairing, carpentering,
plumbing, painting, etc., while others are
doing duty as prison-keepers, bailiffs
stenographers and at clerical work. Baehr
says further:
/The Chief Is misinformed when ho «ays that
the deDartment has not been Increased In ten
years. Not only has the number been In
creased, but the salaries have . been nUaed as
well. Since 1887 the patrolmen have been in
creased 188, which added to the 100 additional
now allowed by me showa a very material in
crease.
Thinks One Hundred Additional Pa
: trolmen Sufficient if Not Put
AUDITOR EXPLAINS POLICE
DEPARTMENT ESTIMATE
Among the candidates mentioned for
the place are Matthew O'Brien and T J
Welch. The first named Is not considered
very favorably on account of his close
affiliations with Mooser, who declined to
do some work for the city and delegated
it to O'Brien, who was paid for it The
Supervisors' Finance -Committee was of
the opinion that Mboser should have -dona
the work, but passed O'Brien's demand
nevertheless. The salary of the cltv
architect will probably be fixed at S300
per month in the next budget; but he will
be required to devote all of his time to
the duties of the office. to
FAILS TO ACT ON CITY
ARCklTECT'S. RESIGNATION
Soard of Public Works Is Looking
for a Successor to
Mooser. . '
City Architect Mooser's resignation is
in the hands of the : Board of Public
Works, but that body for'some reason
declines to give publicity to the matter.
One reason for this course is said .to be
the fact that efforts are being made to
find a successor to Mooser, whose resig
nation will be accepted as soon as a suc
cessor to his office Is found. . <
Bier street, Alameda, the first cricket
match of the season will be played on
Sunday, May 4, between the two* old-time
rivals, the Alameda and Pacific clubs.
Both clubs have fairly large rolls of mem
bers and will be able to put strong teams
in the field, despite the fact that some
well known cricketers will be missed from
both elevens.
It is likely prizes will be offered for the
best batting and bowling averages made
during the season by any member of the
four teams which take part in the
matches for premier position. Thougn
the point has not yet been decided by the
California Cricket Association, it is likely
that only the sixteen matches which ap
pear on the schedule as already issued
will .be taken into account in compiling
the averages of the players. Of these six
teen matches the Alameda and Pacific
teams play in ten apiece and the Santa
Cruz and Sacramento elevens in six each
• In order to be considered as competitors
for the prizes t£e players must take part
in a specified number of matches.
The Sacramento Cricket Club has thir
ty-two names on its membership list as
follows: W. Appleton, E. F. Ash worth
T..K. Barkworth, L. E. Cochenour, A. T*
Chute. H. Davis, H. F. Elliot, H. E El
liot. W. Evason, H. J. Furley, R. s. Har
court, T. Gardner, G. V. Green. J. Hayes
T • F. Horning. J. M. Kerr, E. Kennedy'
W. Longbottom, H. G. Macartney, s e
Mack. E. W. Molse, the Rev. C. L Mlel"
W. Maehn, R. Marsh-Browne, P. C K*
O'Brien, W. B. Paul, O.- T. Pardoe, E j'
Rees. L. "W. Robitaille, A. Turner, C. k!
Turner and W. J! Weisman.
After one more practice, which will take
place to-morrow on the grounds at Web-
Alameda and Pacific Teams Will Ee
the First to Meet in a Pennant
•Match.
the various bathing establishments
throughout the city. Green says that he
had made a number of analyses, but re
sults have been unsatisfactory on account
of . the variable character - of salt water.
He has found j nothing, however, in" .the
samples that would militate against the
purity ¦ of the I water and will recommend
that the investigation be -prosecuted by
inspection rather - than by analytical
methods. ."'; ¦ \ - - : ;
CRICKETERS AWAIT
OPENING OF SEASON
The Master Horseshoers' Association
filed a protest with the Board of Super
visors yesterday against the . proposed
innovation 'of establishing - "¦ municipal
shops for the shoeing of horses. : ; The as
sociation represents- that such, a proceed
ing is in violation -of the- methods in
vogue in all the large cities and bound to
prove destructive of the horseshoeing in
dustry, which employs vast numbers of
skilled mechanics. ; ' . ' *
Master Horseshoers ¦ Protest.
City n Treasurer McDougald and Auditor
Baehr held a consultation yesterday with
tha Park Commission and' effected an ar
rangement which will allow the park la
borers .to. get away: earlier on pay days
so as to cash their salary demands Vith
out"delay. Heretofore the Auditor ' and
Treasurer have kept their ' offices ; open
two or three hours late on the 4th of each
month so that the laborers could collect
their salaries in person 'without loss of
time.- The Treasurer and Auditor rounded
out \ their trip .with a call; at the Alms
house, " where they : found everything .well
conducted under the superintendency of
Wmiam J. Kelly.
Pay of • Park Laborers.
South End Boat Club Members Looking Forward to the Time When
They Must Abandon the Quarters They Have Occupied so Many
Years at the Lower -Extremity of Third Street in This ;City
THERE was plenty of • activity last
Sunday in and hear the boathouse
of the'.. Dolphin Swimming and
Rowing Club; the members mak.
ing.it their headquarters throughout the
dayl All the picked barge crews and the
junior four went out for practice, W. O.
Patch's crew pulling as far as the Union
Ircm Works, making- the; return trip
easily.- ' ; . \ ','
E. O. Kragness will ; not be able to row
in Patch's four/which is thus left with
out a stroke. It is proposed, however,
that A. w.' Pape's and George Baker's
crews shall pull in the first heat of the
barge regatta, and that the stroke of the
losing crew shall, take the. stroke seat in
Patch's four" and' pull against the crew of
which T. R. Dixon is captain. : .
The South End Rowing Club Is gradu*
ally getting blocked in 'at the foot 1 of
Third street, and, as it is clear, that the
time when they, will be. compelled to
leave their quarters is drawing near, the
directors ' have I determined to - levy • a
monthly assessment of 50 "cents on each
member for one i year, the. money to be
set aside as a fund to meet the expenses
of removal to a new. location.. "Last Sun
day many members .were ; at. the boat*
house, and several barge crews went out
for practice. Charles Jenkins, who is an
active member of the instruction com
mittee, took out . a crew made up of A.'
Hennessey, bow; P. Connolly, No. 2; J.
Flannigan, No. 3, and J. O'Brien, stroke.
Afterward Charles Jenkins rowed : stroke
of -a. crew composed 1 '. of Frank Mayo,
bow; Samuel Berger/No. 2, and M. Har
ris, No. 3. Edward Wolff, bow; James P."
Foley, No.' 2, Thomas Barry,' No. 3, and
S. < Cashman, stroke, went out in the
barge "Flybllster," with Albert Sonnen
berg as cockswain. A fourth' barge crew
was; made up of Frank Mayo, bow;
George Wright, No. 2;:D. Methmann, No.
3,' and M..Marris, stroke. /'Jenkins' barge
,shipped a good deal of water and had to
put in to the transport dock to bail out.
Several South End men were out prac
ticing, in outrigged ¦ skiffs, among .them
being Charles Jenkins,' E. Korn, E. Wolff,
E. Cashman. and Robert McArthur. When
tha rain : came on the oarsmen sought
shelter and .spent the .afternoon in the
handball court, among: the players being
C. E. A. Creighton, D. . Doherty, F.
Welsh, P. Connolly, A. Hennessey, Rob.
ert McArthur, Albert- Sonnenberg and B.
Cashman. . The South End Club Is short
of oars, and an order to the New. York
Boat and Oar Company met with- the re
ply that no oars can be supplied for sev«.
era! months. Dr. C. C. Dennis has or
dered a. pair of sculls from Al Rogers.
A meeting of the Olympic ¦, Boat ¦ Club
was held on Tuesday night at the Post
street clubhouse. There was a good at
tendance of .members, at the Tiburon
boathouse on" Sunday, among, the oars
men ; being C. W. Dobie, Percy - Burr,
George Dinsmore, Charles Yates,' E. F.
Raus, ¦ W. Fulton,' W. Claussen, George
Scott. '¦¦ L, V. Starr, W. Longwell, Percy
Hammond, Charles' Brandenatein, . F.
Rogers and S. J. . Pembroke. Charles
Yatea and F. Rogers went out in an out
rigged skiff. Captain S. • J. Pembroke
coached a barge crew made up of Fulton,
Scott, Claussen and Longwell. .. —
-The: committee. in charge of:. the build
ing fund of the Ariel Rowing Club is busy
preparing for . the second boxing tourna
ment to be given in aid of the fund on
Wednesday evening, May 7.
Kingsbury said that he had asked his
wife, who is slightly deaf, to stitch the
sleeve of his shirt. He had to talk to her
in a loud tone of voice, and his son Al
bert, 1 24 years of age, told him not to
speak that way to his mother. When he
replied that he had to do so owing to her
infirmity Albert with an oath struck him
a violent blow on the ear; knocking him
down. A wound on the ear showed the
force with which the blow was struck.
"Blood is thicker than water," aaid
Kingsbury, "but I want my son punished
for his unnatural conduct." He swore to
a complaint before Judge Fritz and a
warrant charging young Kingsbury with
battery was issued.
William Kingsbury, a retired merchant,
79 years of age, living at 1231 Bush street,
appeared at the Hall of Justice yesterday
morning with his face and clothing cov
ered with 'blood. He was so weak that he
was taken into Judge Fritz's chambers,
where, he rested himself on a lounge
while telling his story.
rant for His Son's Arrest on
Battery Charge.
William. Xingsbury Secures a War-
MAKES A BBTJTAIi ATTACK •
UPON HIS AGED FATHER
A CRACK CREW FROM THE SOUTH END ROWING CLUB, WHICH ORGANIZATION HAS BEEN FAMOUS
FOR THE CHAMPION CREWS AND SINGLE SCULLERS WHICH HAVE SPORTED ITS COLORS IN ALL
OPEN REGATTAS ON THIS COAST FOR MANY YEARS. 1 ; ' , . - . .
Next Thursday. May 1. there will be a
handicap over eighteen holes, medal play,
open to the members of any golf club on
the Pacific Coast, on the links of the San
Francisco Golf Club. Whenever it is pos
sible to do so, handicaps will be allotted
to each competitor according to his stand
ing in his own club.
The weather being dull and only a
small number of players appearing at the
links of the San Rafael Golf Club last
Saturday and Sunday, it was decided to
postpone the Best Ball handicap, which
was to have begun at 9 a. m., April 19
and closed at 6 p. m. to-day. Scores made
on last Saturday and Sunday, however
may be counted in the competition. It
is probable that the competition will be
gin to-day and continue until Saturday
May 3, and that the men's stroke compe
tition, open to all amateurs, and sched
uled for May 3, will be postponed for one
or two weeks.
The handicap tournament over eighteen
holes, match play, between Class A and
Class B teams, which was scheduled for
last Saturday on the links of the San
Francisco <jolf Club may take place next
Saturday. May 3.
The conditions under which the home
and-home matches have been played since
their institution in 1898 are that a tie shall
be played off on neutral links over eight
een holes. The tie resulting in that sea
son was so played off. In that year, as in
this, San Francisco won the first home
and-home match and lost the second. The
Oakland team won the eighteen-hole de
ciding match on the Burllngame links
and carried off the interclub trophy. This
year It was specially agreed between the
captains of tne two ciubs, S. L. Abbot
Jr., acting for the San Francisco. Golf
Club, and P. E. Bowles for the Oakland
Golf Club, that the deciding match should
be over thirty-six holes, and that none of
the members of either team should prac
tice over the course. John Lawson of the
San Francisco Golf Club and J. Athearn
Foiger of the Oakland Golf Club 1 were
excepted from this restriction, as they
are members of the Burlingame Country
Club. Both teams will consist of almost
exactly the same players as on Satur
day, April 12.
The tie resulting from the first two
36-hole matclrcs of this season between
teams representing the San Francisco and
the Oakland Golf clubs will be played off
to-day 'on the links of the Burllngams
Country Club.
This Season Will Be Settled by
To-Day's Match.
Ownership of Interclub Trophy for
GOLF TEAMS WILL PLAY
OFF TIE AT BUBLINGAJIf!
In the last affair of this kind Allen, a
second class man of the California Club,
won out, beating the two first class men.
Collier and Crowell,' who had previously
beaten the park champions. Meirose, who
also learned the game on the club courts,
had. little difficulty in winning the second
class. '-" ~ ! v .- *¦ " : • » •
The event of next week is the exhibi
tion matches to be played by the local
cracks at Penryn, Placer County. There
will be an excursion to the latter place.
The feature of the tournament will be the
tennis matches, between the Whitney
brothers, the Hardy brothers, Professor
Daily, W. B. Collier, H. W. Crowell and
Grant Smith. Parker Whitney, an en
thusiast, has . offered prizes for all the
events. The Porter brothers, champions
of Northern .California, are anxious to
meet the local cracks and it will prob
ably be arranged for them, to do so. The
players will leave here Friday .afternoon
and will play their matches On Saturday
afternoon and Sunday morning and after
noon. In the double the Hardys and wnit
neys will probably come together and Col
lier and Crowell and Daily and Smith. In
singles the matches have not as yet been
arranged.
The annual tournaments for the cham
pionship of Ojai "Valley, together with the
interscholastlc championship of South
ern California, were started at that place
on Thursday and will be completed to
day. The only local entry was Mrs. Kln
cald of Alameda and she was unfortunate
enough to. draw Miss May Sutton. the
coast champion. The latter had no dif
ficulty in winning, the score being 6—2,
6—0. Miss Ruby Garland is the present
champion, but Miss Sutton is sure to
wrest the championship honors from her.
The intercollegiate matches of last Sat
urday showed the Stanford people clear
ly that unless they build suitable courts
on the college ground the tennis cham
pionship will in future go to California.
The cardinal has, good material, but it
can never be brought out unless courts
are Iriiilt that are fit to play on. Harry
Weihe, besides being: out of practice, was
extremely nervous and did not do himself
justice last/ Saturday. Hunt was in fine
form and played the best game he has
ever put up. Cleve Baker of Stanford
made a very good showing and -will un
doubtedly develop into a first-class man.
Lieb is another . Stanford man of great
promise. ' ¦'¦¦¦*
In the first class the following park ex
perts will figure: Harry Routh, Charles
Dunlap, James A. Code, Thlerbault, Tet
ley, Will Allen and possibly some of the
cracks of the California Tennis Club.
Should the latter be invited to take part
the probable entries would be Harold Cro
well, W. B. .Collier and Grant Smith.
While the latter are more skillful than the
park players on asphaltum courts, on the
earth courts their chances are about even.
In the second class there will prpbably
be twenty men to struggle for the honors.
be divided into two classes, first and
•second. The prizes will be two silver
challenge cups, to be won three times.
Each player will be charged an entrance
fee of 50 cents in. each tournament and in
this way the cups will be paid for. As
there will be a large entry list in each
event, some valuable trophies will be put
up. Only those entering the first tourna
ment will be allowed to take part in the
subsequent ones. -''.:': ' ".
THE biggest tournament ever held
on the Golden Gate Park courts is
set for to-morrow. The players will
There will be no coursing at Union Park
to-day, owing to the number of . grey
hounds benched at Mechanics' Pavilion.
Next week all these dogs will be seen in
competition on . the field. The stake to
morrow will have sixty-four entries, many
of them dogs of class. The likely winners
look to be:
Argyle. Cold Shivers, Forest Queen. Kittle
man, Old Ironsides. Tyrone' Prince, Master
Rocket. Dewdrop, Lear Kins:, Half Moon, Fair
Oaks, Fenii, Bad Boy, Minnie t-ankey, . Snap
per Garrison, Game Boy, Ireland, Tralee Boy,
Honesty. Blackhawk. Sir Pasha. Anchor, Mel
rose Lad. Fly by Night. Herschel's Pride,
Gambit. Rural Artist, White Hat, Lilac, Jler
limac and A.. J. Martin.
Rubber Ankles comes rightly by her
beauty. She is by the imported English
dog Fortuna Favente, runner-up for the
classic Waterloo cup to Thoughtless
Beauty. She is out of Brilliantine, a
black greyhound of marked beauty. tihe
is unusually large for Her sex and is red
in color. She has never been coursed be
yond being shown a hare in private trials.
When Judge Cranfleld eliminated dogs
from consideration in the various classes,
without exception those remaining in the
ring were stake winners, which indicates
the winning dog is built on sightly lines.
The exception was J. H. Rosseter's odd
ly named Rubber Ankles. This eleven
months old aristocratic miss has never
been coursed, but carried everything be
fore her. She won the "president's cup,"
offered by A. B. Spreckels for the best
greyhound in the show.
COURSING men had an old-time the
ory confirmed at the kennel club
show. This Is that a great grey
hound on the coursing field will also
be great on the bench.
Players of California Club
to . Visit Placer County
and Compete, in Matches
Sixty- Four- Do.j; Stake Is
to Be Run To-Morrow at
the Union* Coursing Park
The sloop Whirlwind, 4rnlch won many
races when sailed by the late E. A. von
Schmidt, has passed into the hands of
W. B. Meloney, and will probably ap
pear again in the regattas.
Last Sunday sails were bent on the
sloop Harpoon, and a short cruise was
taken. It is eaid her racing length is
now only six inches above the thirty
three feet required to make her eligible
as a defender of the Perpetual cup. A
ton of ballast has been taken out of her,
and her water line considerably reduced.
While the sail plan of tne sloop Har
poon has been changed from jibs to one
bead sail, the sloop Clara, which has
hitherto carried one jib, will .now carry
& staysail and Jib, the new suit being
made of narrow cloth. She is now owned
by Ransome and Hewitt.
Louis I. Haven of the San Francisco
Yacht Club has sold the launch Mineola,
formerly named Alberta and owned by
Dr. A. W. McKenzie, to A. Freyer and
others, who will moor her near the Ful
ton Iron "Works. A. Freyer is a mem
ber of the California Yacht Club.
The Corinthians are busily preparing
for their opening Jinks on Saturday, May
3, but the jinks committee desires to keep
the- detail? of the entertainment secret, so
that the Interest of the members may be
stimulated. The owners are hard at work
putting their yachts in commission, and
it is expected the whole fleet will be
ready for the opening cruise on Sunday,
May L
The sloop Pactolus was out last Sun
day on a. cruise for the purpose of
stretching her new suit of sails.
To-morrow morning the yachts will
cruise in squadron on signal from the
llagship, and will escort the visiting
yachts on their homeward trip. The tide
will be running in all day from S:36 in
the morning until 4:09 in the afternoon.
Commodore E. F. Sagar will cruise over
to Sausalito this afternoon from Tiburon
to represent the Corinthians at the open
ing of the senior club, and will probably
be accompanied by several of his fleet.
From Oakland will come the sioop Pac
tolus and oth^r representatives of the
California Yacht Club. "The Challenger"
will be under way during the day. and
should have all the members of her reg
ular crew, of which only three took part
in last Sunday's sail. • .
At £ p. m. the high jinks will begin. The
entertainment committee has worked
hard, and has prepared one of the best
programmes ever given in the Sausalito
clubhouse. Among the participants will
be jack tars from the United States
steamship llcCulloch and athletes from
the Olympic Club in charge of Professor
Miehling. A handsome souvenir will be
tiistribuied to the members, containing a
history of the club, a roll of the yacnts
and the members and many reproductions
of photographs of the boats, the club
house and yachting scenes. The commit
tee in charge of the jinks consists of Wil
liam Mersfelder, A. F. Brotfi, T. L. Hili,
W. Westwater and G. Kilbourn. At 11:30
a supper will be served^ and this will be
followed by a low jinks lasting until the
early morning.
At 6:45 p. m. the Sausalito brass band
will go down to the ferry slip and will
escort the yachtsmen arriving from the
city to the clubhouse, where a supper
will be served.
The interior finishing of the main hall
was completed some Gays since, and the
large apartment has been handsomely
decorated by the members of Las Amigas
Club with flowers, ferns, branches and
flags. The billiard-room will be used as
a dressing-room for those who take part
in the jinKs ax night. Captain Felling of
the United States dispatch vessel McCul
loch has kindly promised the services of
as many jackies as may be wanted dur
ing the afternoon and evening.
The strings of fluttering prize pennants
and signal flags will remain flying until
the sunset gun is fired. During the aft
ernoon, from 2:S0 to 5-:30, there will be a
reception at the clubhouse and on board
the yachts, with dancing and refresh
ments. Large blocks or ice with flowers
frozen in them will be used to hold the
punch. A string band will supply music
for the dancers.
of the San Francisco Yacht Club,
lying: at its anchorage off Sausalito, will
dress ship.
AT noon to-day, on the fire of a sig
nal gun from Commodore R. S.
Bridgman's sioop Thetis, the fleet
Ambitious Tournament Is
Scheduled for To-Morrow
Out on the Park Courts
J. H. Rosseter's Greyhound
Carries Off the Huhest
Honors in the Dog"Srn>v
At Night There Will Be a
Yach sman's Supper . and
High Jinks in Clubhouse
"RUBBER ANKLES"
IS A REVELATION
TO LEASHMEN
TENNIS BOOMS
THROUGHOUT
THE COAST
Fair Sex Will Be Welcomed
on Board the Fleet and
'in the Dance Paviiion
AMATEUR TARS
BEGIN SEASON
AT SAUSALITO
THE SAN FEANGISGO CALL, SATURDAY, APBIL 26, 1902.
OARSMEN ARE PRACTICING REGULARLY IN SHEEL AND BARGE AND SKIFF
4
"""" " " " '
¦ 1 • • .. ¦ i
Takes Flavor
From Maturity >
And Fame
FromPurity
Himter |
Baltimore Rye
I S5 I STif.! ns ? co M3nssTO!ica.ia^, ¦
X *S3&et& California St..8»n Fi-.nH^n rZi* II
|- Telephone Mala 873. |THE O^XjI-i'S K.A.OI3STC3- FORM OK-A^T
RESULTS OF FRIDAY'S EVENTS AT OAKLAND TRACK
DEXVER. April 25. — Score: Denver, 14; St.
Joseph, 1.
COLORADO SPRINGS. April 25.— Score:
Kansas City. 7; Colorado Springs, 6.
OMAHA. April 25. — Game postponed on ac
count of rain.
WESTERN ASSOCIATION*.
THE Academic Athletic League': of
California met last night at the
Olympic Club. In the absence I of
President Charles Harris Vice Presi
dent Frank M. Cattrell. presided.
It was reported by the tennis commit
tee that the annual tennis tournament
will bo held at the California Club*s
courts May 17. Among the teams that
have already entered are those from the
Alameda High, the California School of
Mechanical Arts, Lowell, Oakland, Poly
technic of San Francisco, St. Matthew's
and San Jose, All Other entries must be
in the hands of the committee one week
before the event. l n .
The baseball tournament, semi-finals,
will be played to-day. Santa Rosa of the
northern sub-league will play Lowell of
the San Francisco sub-league, at Free
man's Park, Golden Gate. The winner
will play in the finals two weeks from to
day. The Berkeley High School and
Polytechnic High School of Oakland play
on the University of California campus
to-day. The winner will play the winner
of the San Jose-St. Matthew game, which
will be held to-day at St. Matthew's, on
Saturday next to decide which team shall
enter the finals against the winner of the
Santa Rosa-Lowell contest
A committee was appointed toi take
charge of the twenty-flve-mile relay race
to be held before the last Saturday in
May. Shreve & Co. have donated a silver
cup to be contested for by the relay
teams. The team winning three times
gets the cup.
The resignation of Charles D. Snyder
of Santa Rosa was received. The Cali
fornia Business College applied last night
for admittance to the league.
To show its appreciation of th© many
courtesies received from the University
of California the league voted that a
check for $25 be sent to Manager Decoto
to help defray the expenses of the track
team's Eastern trip. A letter of well
wishes for the success of the team was
also forwarded.
The league will endeavor to have a
bicycle tournament If enough teams can
be induced to enter. San Jose is very
anxious to meet the other schools In this
event. . .
COLUMBUS. April 25.— Columbus. 9; Min
neapolis, 7.
CINCINNATI. April 25.-SL Louis won
the first game of the season from the
Cincinnatis here to-day after a fierce
ly contested battle of ten innings.
The Unclnnatis would have again over
taken St. Louis in the tenth inning but for
the bad coaching of Peitz. Attendance.
1100.. Score:
_, R. H. E.
Cincinnati c m .>
st.- Louis ;;;;;; 9 1* 1
Batteries-Phillips. Oirr>-. SUmmel aart
eiKhth. when, with the basp B full. Oongaltou
made a long hit to right field fence which iet
in three men. Attendance, 2000. Score:
B. H. E.
Pittsburg 2 B 1
Chicago J 4 I i
Batteries— Tannehill and Smith; Easoa and
Kiing. Umpire— Caatillion.
PHILADELPHIA. April 25— Barry*B wild
throw in the sixth inning to Intercept De
montreville at third base was the .principal
cause ot Philadelphia^ defeat by 3cston to
day. Attendance, looa Score:
K. H. E.
Boston 8 14 0
Philadelphia 2 7 2
Batteries— Willis and Klttredge; White and
Dooin. Umpire — Brown
XETV' YORK, April 25.— The K«w York and
Brooklyn baseball teams met for the first time
this season at Washington Park to-day and
Brooklyn von. Attendance. 6800./ Score:
R, H. E.
New Tork 5 " S
Brooklyn 6 9 3
Batteries— Kennedy and Bowerman; Xewtcn
end Ahearn. Umpire — O'Day.
AMERICAN' ASSOCIATION.
WASHIXGTON. April 25. — Five singles, two
triples and a base on. balls netted Washington
fc runs in the sixth -inning and clinched the
game. Attendance, 2171. Score:
R. H. E.
Washington 15 15 2
Boston •* 11 4.
Batteries — To'wnsend and Drill; Hustings
and Warner.
ST. LOUIS. April 25. — Cleveland shut out
St. Lou's to-day, Wright allowing but two
hits. Attendance, 1500. Score:
R. H. E.
Cleveland 10 21 0
St. Louis 0 "2 2
Batteries — Wright and Bemls; Reldy and
llaloney.
CHICAGO. April 25. — Detroit-Chicaico game
postponed; wet grounds.
BALTIMORE, April 25. — Baltimore-Philadel
phia eranie postponed; rain.
TOLEDO April 25. — St. Paul. 11: Toledo. 2.
INDIANAPOLIS, April 25. — Indianapolis.
7; Milwaukee. 6.
LOUISVILLE, April 25.— Louisville. 11;
Kansas City. 6.
Arrange -Date for the An
. nual Tennis Tournament
at the V.' California Club
Results of . the Playing
Between the Big Nines
en the Eastern Diamonds
Academic Athletic League
Show*s Appreciation : of
College Men's Courtesies
After Ten Hot Innings
and Some Bad Coaching
Cincinnati Loses a Game
WARM CONTEST
GIVES VICTORY
TO ST. LOUIS
SEND A CHECK
TO TRACK TEAM
OF UNIVERSITY
Continued on Page Eight.
OAKLAND RACETBACK— Friday, Aprll^S^— Weather cloudy. Track muddy.
:;<>5.". FIRST RACE— Futurity course; selling; three-year-olds and up; to first. $325.
__ __ . . _____
Index Horee. Age. 'Weight. |St. Vi. %. Str. Fin. | Owner and Jockey. | Op. Cl.
W41~!JIatnda O, 4..... 105! 8 81i 21 1H 11 1H. C. Ahler* Hoar 3 18-S
2C» Swiftlirht. 3 104 11 7 h 3 2 3 h 2 1 E. M. James Frawley 20 .30
S59:i Jennie Hughes. 3.. 101 1 7 11 12 2n 3h R. Hughes. ...Faun tleroy 6 ¦ 8
3*)39 iSol 3 1O5|8 11 7 % C 1 4 h P. C. Donaleche. ..Prior 10 20
2509 iSyce, 3 lOOll* 12 6h 4 4 51 W. L. Stanfleld.. Sheehan 10 20
:W, Fci-est King, 3...10S!10 10 2 8 % 7 2 6 U, S. J. Jones Vlckery 10 10
3S4! Caih. Bravo, 4...10SJ 0 5181 81 72 J. P. Atkln Troxler »6 12
3625 Gold Earon 6 113! 5 3 H 5h 6h 81 H. L. Haskell Bell 20 40
:»CJ3 Rfy Hooker, 6 1131 4 8n 41 918 T. E. Lotta Conley 7 10
3C17 Mlko Murphy. 3'.. 106! 1 4 2 11 10 10 J. Nell See 20 15
"€17 'Snoo7.e 3 OS 3 2 1 10 11 11 A. B. Spreckels. Donnelly 10 30
31fHJ Crinkle. 6 Ill 2 6 1 12 12 12 E. A. Chappell.Waterbry 10 20
:;2t>7 ;Aragato, 3 103 13 13 IS 13 13 jW. G. Hatthews.L. Daly .5-2 18-5
:^2fl Ali. 3 105112 14 14 14 14 |A1 Leach Burllngamej 15 100
T:m»— To 14. :2m: to V,. :47; last %, 1:03%; ehort %. 1:13W. -Good start. Won first
three driving. "Winner. H. C. Ahlers' ch. m. by Rio Bravo-Katrinka. Winner best ridden.
Sol camp from far back. Syce might have won with an oven break. " Forest King In poor
luck. Donnelly had Snooze In the worst going. Arlgato no chance. Scratched — Sterling
Towers 08. . 1
3654. SECOXD RACE — Six furlongs; 3-year-old colts and geldings; to first, $325.
InirsiHoire and Weight. 1st. %. %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
<3C0B)!Royal Rogue 110 3 In In 1 1% In J. C. Nealon. Conley ' 1 3-5
2TiO9 Uarretlere d'Or ..109 5 3n 32 22 26 J. P. Atkin Troxler 8-5 11-5
3C25 !Glp?vienning Ill 4 22 2 1H32 32 Montana Stable. McCarty 3 7
T.C2+ :Discover>' 112 1 62 42 44 45 L. McCreery See 100 300
<se23)!Breton 11216 6 6 53 5 8 Mrs. Lottridge... Webster -60 200
S5T2 ; P.ublno 109 1 2 4 5 516 6 S. Bowley Hoar 10 15
Time — V t . :25: :50; %. 1:16%. Good start. Won first three driving. Winner J C Nea
lon's ch. g. by Rey del Sierras-Jessie R, Rogue ran Glendenning off his feet and then
stood the challenge of Jarretierre d'Or gamely. Latter was in the bad going through the
stretch. Rubino Quit.
:*<*.". THIRD RACE — Four and a half furlongs; two-year-olds; to first, $325. '
Index IHorse and Welght-'St. 14. X. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op!- "cl
Ci.'.S2) Organdie 10912 ... 2n 2 1 Ins IW. O'B. Macd'gh. Troxler 9-5 9-5
5W13 'Lizzie Rice 112| 4 ... 12 12 2 5 W. I,. Stanfleld. Donnelly 2 4
.•'.«43 :The Fog 11413 ... 4 1 3 1 3 3 W. B. Sink Jr.. ...Hoar 8 "5
«::<«7) Ml Reina 1051 8 ... «2 6 % 4-5 Baldwin & Co.Fauntlery 6 10
3f^7 !J. H. Bennett 10SI 8 ... 82 7 % 5 H L. A. BlasIngame.Vlckry 15* 20
r.or<7 iTom Mitchell 105! 1 ... 3 h 4h 6 2 G. P. McXell...A. Kelly 12 25
rr,00 'Brumel .110111 ... 7 5 8 2 7 1 A. Josephs Conley 60 40
356* tGotea 110| 5 ... »5 5h 81 A. B. Spreckels.. L.: Daly 7-13
3504 !D"lf«gno ....108! 6 ...8 5 8 6 2 J. J. Moran Frawley 20 30
(.•5(^,7) Clarinrtte 106110 ... 10 10 10 H. J. Jones See 8 12
.'iC-iO 'GorgalPtc 105| 7 ... 11 11 11 Thco Winters... Webster 60 100
Tim*" — '{. :24; H, :49; 4%f. :56. Good start. Won first three driving. Winner W O'B
Macdonough'6 br. f. by Orsini -Bessie W. Troxler on winner outrode Donnelly. ThV Fog
ran out through the stretch. Brumel Improving eome. Gulda oft poorly. Scratched Tanim
108. Montezuma IOS. Horatlus 112. Dona ml 110. *™
3C30. FOURTH RACE— Mile and an eighth; selling; three-year-olds and up; to first, $325.
IndexJHorse. Age. Wetght.|St. U. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Opf tUl <?i.
<n<7?A)l Wolhurst. a 114 2 11 1% 11 11% Montana Stable.. .Conley " 1 9.10
:{<XS 'Brutal. 4 107 4 5%3h 3h 21 B. Schrelber Troxler 5 «
r>CJ2 Unvlctus. 4 89 7 2n 2 1% 2 1^32 James Wtl8on...Donnelly 15 25
W«4 Horton. 6 113 3 4 V* 5 1% 4 1% 4 3 J. McGovern. ...Frawley 8-5 jj
3«1 iElmer L. 4 105 « 6 2 4 1% 5 10 5 15 Klunder & Burns. . Burlg 25 30
364« iDisturber. 6 105 17 7 6 % .« n S. A. Bryan L. Daly 12 30
3029 ildaho Chief II. 4.. 103 63%«27 7 E. E. Randall.. Webster 60 150
»632 !E1 Fonse, 4 104 1 Left ... C. P. Fink Hoar 12 20
Titnf— >i. :25H; Vi, :51',4; «i. 1:17%: mile. 1:45; l%m. 1:57%.' Good start. Won cleverly
Second and third driving. Winner. Montana Stable's b. g. by Ventilator-Nutbrown. Wol
huret bept handled. Brutal did well. Horton rushed too much at start and ridden throue-h'
the won't goj"g-_ _S<?ry^tcl'i«<l— — AIlctB. IQflL • s
3G57. FIFTH RACE — Futurity course; selling; three-year-olds and up; to flr»t, $325.
indexlHcrM. Aee, Weight' 8t. %. %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. 6p? tU %
r;R24 !San Lution. 3 106 1 11 11 11 11 James Wilson See 10 15
:C" 'La Calma. 4 103 7 8121 2% 2 m Elmwood Farm..Donnely - 15 25
SC58 iMike Uice. a 113 2 3h 3h 3 H 32 T. E. McLaughlln.. Prior « n
:W20 UAeT Prince, 4 US 5 6h 71 4%42 W^illiam Cahlll Hoar 9-2 7
mOS IPorous. 3 .108 8 71 61 5%53 L. A. Blaelngam..Howsn 3 13-K
3«S8 IDawfon, 3 107 10 12 6 12 7 4 6 5 W. B. Sink Jr. ..Troxler 6 . »
3«2 IMocorito. a Ill 3 2 n 4 n 6 n 7 1 O. A. Tolle Frawley 5 ' 8
S(C>9 IAlmon*>r. 6 ..113 4 41 52 81 Sh Garland & Co.. McCarthy 10 • '' 5
8«12 IBeau Monde, a..,llfi 9 8%10 1 92 92 W. McGulre Tullett .20 20
3<3B irral, 4 110 U 111 fl I. 10 4 10 2 W. E. Cotton... .L. , Daly 20 40
X527 lOnj-x. «..:..-. 113112 10 4 12 11 114 W. P. Fine.. ..Bucknton 30 CO
3C31 iFauFturo, C 116 C 9h 8 1 12 12 D. M. Hanlon Conley 4" ' «
¦tf;47 !Rey|n. 3 105J13 13 13 13 13 Smith & Co Rowan 30 iqq
Time— To Va. :22; to %. :40%: last S. 1:03; short %. 1:13. Good rtart. Won first three
dri\-1ng. "Winner. J»mes Wilson's b. g. by Santiago- Revolution. Winner had the best rac
ing luck. Away poorly. Porous ran around his field, and with a better start could have'
poored. Mocorito in deep going. Fausturo very "dickey"; he won't do. Scratched Dandv
10K. Dwer*ux M3. .-- J ~- L , s . * " ' '-
3CKR. PIXTH RACE— Six and a half furlong*; selling; three- year-olds and up; to first. $325.
Ir.dVxiHore*. Age. Weight. 1st. %. %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. ' Op?" 1 "'.
3021 IRubUB. 3 871 5 2 2 2 » 14 15 Chlnn & Forsyth..Donnly 4.5 2-6
:uuc, ! Huachuca. 3 lOil 7 8 2 «2 2 1 2 2% O. W. Baldwin Prior 7 8
a«27 lOur Lfzzie. a 101 3 4h 31 3h 3n Ted Hayes L. Daly 12 -20
3040 lAlr.ha II. 5 105! 8 3h 4h 5 % 4 3 Jones & Co Howson 15 20
8(M»iJ*rW 5 10714 1 \% 1 Vt 4 % 5 1 F. O'Kane Troxler 4 %'.
3C"1 ]Col. BaU'tyne. 4..100) I 71 7h 71 6h James Wilson. See '6 10
?,«:'.« Isalinc. 5 104| fl . 9 8 h 8 1 7 1 CLlnd Frawley 7 10
3»Hfl Brrnota, 4: 10212 6 1 » 9 S 2 C. H. . Ledgett Hoar . .5. -'8
rSfi24)|Our Pride. 3. 89j 6 5 h 5 h 6 h 0 T. H. Ryan... McGovern 7 .7
Time — 14, : 24: %. :49; %. 1:15: 6%f. 1:22) Good start. Won easily. Second arid third
driving. Winner. Chlnn & Foreythe'e b. f. by Bramble-Meriden. Cakewalk for winner. '
Huachuca very «ore, but he got away from the post this day. Our Lizzie ran to form. Jerid
quit. Bernota has gone back. Scratched — Rainier 103. Nellie Forest 88.
Continued on Page Eight.
, . Halifax policemen have each been pro
vided with a packet of salt with which to
«nrtnkle Ice slides.
OLD Wolhurst struck Ju,st one more
soft *=pot and celebrated his sixth
successive victory at Oakland
track yesterday. The .track was
heavy and seemed made to order
tor the occasion. Conley bad the mount
in Wolhurst again, and, a 9 to 10 favorite
it post time, stepped off the mile* and an
Five out of six favorites tramped home
in advance of their fields, and it proved a
elghth in front from start ,to finish.
Horton was fancied by many and received
substantial backing at short odds.
Frawley made too much early, use of the
little horse, and finished fourth, Brutal
beating Invictus for the place.
, ; 'Fourth^ race— -Diike. of York, Bar
natb,\Th.etGafler.':: y" ,
' Fifth ¦-¦ race— Doublet, Sea Queen,
. ' -¦¦¦ Sixth ' race — Ited wald, Axtllla, An-
•r Firsf.race— -Canderos, Alms- Giver,
_B. "F." Mason. C ' -.: ::¦¦'.
•. "^: Second. - race-^-Sylvia Talbot, Clar
inettfvEscarola. J ..-.- '-'¦¦¦' U*
'-iff. Third" race— Max Bendix, Narra G, :
Silver.Fizz. - ,."r : " <¦';}< : V ;
SELECTIONS FOR TO-DAY.
-Little Amy Requa Long Hakes Bonn
"¦ tion to Fabiola • Derby
OAKLAND, April 25.— The feature of the
Fabiola Derby day at the Oakland race
track to-morrow will be the gentleman's
race. For this . event little Amy Requa
Long, the little daughter of. General O F
Long, has offered a silver cup to the suc
cessful . rider of this race. The cup has
been on exhibition for some days in this
city : and is a -very handsome piece of
.work.,. The -riders for. the race are C. D
Bates Jr., Fred : Dieckman.r Charles F
Pugh, Frank Skinner and Charles H. Led
gett. ¦.¦;¦ .•'-.:".¦".:¦
. It is expected 'that there will be a very
large crowd. from Oakland, as all of the
admissions . will go to swell the funds of
the Fabiola Hospital Association.
SILVER CUP OFFERED^
P.: FOR GENTLEMAN'S RACE
¦ Fourth race— One 'mile; : - selling; gentlemen 1
i riders : ' four-year-olds and ; upward. ; . . . . . .'
.Third race— Five' and one-half, "furlongs; sell-
Ing; four- Year-olds 'and upward:,.. .,'_''. . ', ..,'¦
3641 Hl-Nock-Er.". 109 2500 Count Hubert.100
: 3347 Aesop. . . . ..'. . .109 3564' El Karn •• .V..106
3623 Lakeland . : . .109 3631 1 Modder ' . . . . . . 100
8601,Narra Q .....104 '..:.'. Max Bendlx..l00
"3046 Rasp '....'. I.'.IOG 3301. Patsy .. Dolan..lO7
*8642 Silver. Fizz.:. 107 3638 Devereux . ..".109
3642 Novla ....'...107 2539 Illllouon . v .'..100
1 .:..'Gds.".of Night.104 . _ '- ••• ¦> . '• : .
' Second race—^-Four and; a half furlongs; sell
ing; two-year-olds. •: ¦- •»¦- •
(3618) Sylvia ¦ Talbot.ll5 r 3655 Brumel .107
3655 Clarlnette ....104 ,3630 Escarola .....104
3528 Horatlus [ 110 r3043 Gavlota ... .V.1Q7
¦ :Thls ls',"Fablola Day" at Oakland track.
The gate receipts on this occasion are do
nated to jFabiola Hospital of Oakland by
the association across the" bay. •
' The entries for this afternoon's events
are as follows: ''. " " • ' •¦
J First race^-Flve furlongs; selling; maiden
three-year-olds 1 - and' upward. * • •¦; ..." ¦'. ¦
' 3611~Claudator '. . .'. 90 ,....' Tom Slavln .'.110
3684 'Breton ..... . .102 1 3639 Sir Claus . ; ..' 99
3610 "Alms Giver. ..107 3575 Canderos ... ..107
3631' Winnebejour .107 3491 Frank Bain... 99
¦ 3605 Augle ."...:.'.. »W> ... .^ Siesta- ..... ...105'
3657 Resin - 99 3612 B. F.' Mason. .107
'3629 Aurlf era .....105 "3617 Robt.Bonnr II 09
3659 Blackthorn ..102 .: ¦ ? .'
Track Notes.
¦ Sixth race^— One and a sixteenth "miles; the
Fabiola'handicap; three-year-olds and upward
:36C0 Antolee ...... 107 ¦ 3634 Artllla. . . 107
3045 .Limelight ....113! 3645 Rio Shannon. !ll3
3586 Red wald .""...: 113 3045 Ada N .... 10fl
.3634 Dlomed ...... 1101 ', *-"¦-.
3S18 The Gaffer... .162 3C35 Free Lance.. .165
C.,H. Ledget. Mr. Pugh.
8646 Loyal S . . 162 3589 Duke York II 102
¦•¦••' M. Dleckman. - . F. Skinner.
, 3642 Barnato .. ... 165 "V
: ••;. v ¦ . E.'. Bates. . . .¦
• Fifth ¦ race— Seven furlongs; .- selling; four
year-olds and upward. .
3651 Sly /,.:........ 100 3B40 King Dellis...U4
(3651)Sea Queen .;. 109 3638 The Miller... .111
(3636)Ned Dennis:. .111 3602 Bagdad 111
(3642)February . . . .100 (3625)Doublet '. All
: 3642 Golden Light .108 . . .
well backed for the place and show,
downed Our Lizzie for the second position.
In the betting on the first event Matilda
O and Arlgato closed equal choices in the
betting. The latter finished nowhere, but
Hoar on Matilda worked his way along
from ninth position and downed Swift
light, a 30 to 1 shot, a length. Jennie
Hughes was third, after making the pace.
James Nealon's good colt Royal Rogue
narrowly escaped defeat In the slx-furlong
run, for which he went to the post favor
ite. Chasing out in . front with Glenden
nlng,' the chestnut was challenged in the
stretch by. Troxler astride. Jarretierre
d'Or, winning by. a neck only. ; ' ,
Perhaps the prettiest and most exciting
finish of the afternoon was that between
tho favorite Organdie and Lizzie Rice in
the two-year-old scramble over four and
a half furlong3. It was not' supposed
Stanfield's. filly. would go the route, but
she fooled the knowing ones. Donnelly
rushed her. out in. the. lead and 'in a long
drive Troxler on Organdie earned the ver
dict'by a scant nose in :58, an exceedingly
good .performance. Show . honors . fell to
The Fog.- * - • • r ¦¦:
-Willie See, on San - Lution, • a ¦ 15 to 1
Chance, "tow-roped" a cluster of fair ones
In the Futurity course sprint, fifth to be
decided. La Calma:nosed' out Mike 1 Rice
for the _place. Porous, the favorite, had to
travel the loverland route, and*' secured
nothing." 1 • '' • *; ¦ : .• ¦ ': : '¦;¦¦¦
• Rubus,' at scant' odds, led her company
past the judges' stand first in. the * final
sprint, with - pounds to ) spare. Huachuca,
dark day for the majority of books. One
extensive operator from Montana took
$5000 out- of the ring. . • i
California Cocker Club medal for best cocker
spaniel dog— Won by Mrs. J. H. Brooks' Del
verton Cappl. *..
' , California Cocker Club medal for best cocker
spaniel bitch— Won by- Mrs. G. H. Conaugh's
Delverton Flavla. . ¦'•• . •¦
•'President's Cup" for best cocker spaniel-
Won by Mrs. W. C. Ralston* s ch. Princess Fla
vla. . • ¦ ¦ • : ¦ ¦ >. " --.
Dorian trophy for best . novice cocker — Won
by Plumeria Cocker Kennels' Plumeria Portia.
Cut-glaes beVry.bowl for best red cocker —
Won,- by 'PJumerla Cocker Kennels' • Plumeria
Surprise. • ¦> - . , * i . ' . ¦• . ' . '
' Delverton Cocker Kennels' trophy for best
brord- bitch cocker spaniel — Won by Mrs. W. C.
Ralstcn's ch. .Princess Flavia j i
Fountain pen for best black cocker in novice
class — Won by Plumeria Cocker Kennels' Plu
meria .Portia. • : ¦ *- -.
Cut-glass tobacco Jar for best red .cocker
puppy — Won by Mrs. W. C. Ralston's Delverton
¦Tiny. , ¦ . ¦¦• , '¦ .. ¦ • . ¦ r- ¦ .
Atkin trophy for best cocker stud dog — Won
by Plumeria' Cocker Kennels' Hampton Goldle.
Mrs. P. C. Meyer's sliver cup for best cocker
sired by ch. j Havoc — Won by Mrs. J. Robert
son's Llto. : .. :- ¦' - -V~; ¦¦ ¦¦ , .
Silver club medal for best dog— Won by Mrs.
W. C. Ralston's Hampton Promise.
1 Silver club. medal for best bitch — Won' by
Mrs. W.-C. Ralston's ch. Princess Flavia. .. ¦ ¦-.
¦ Silver: medal for best puppy bitch — Won by
J. H. Dorian's Imp; -. \ -.
- Silver medal for best novice- bitch — Won -by
Plumeria Cocker Kennels' Plumeria Portia,"
¦¦"Silver, medal- for best limit " dog — Won by
Mrs. .W. C\ Ralston's Hampton Promise.
i >" J.--H.V ROSSETER'S; "RUBBER
/ » ANKLES," '.WINNER OF * THE
. PRESIDENT'S CUP.
Lawler's phenomenal catches of two
long files at the center field fence saved
the game for San Francisco. In both In
stances he was back against the fence and
caught the ball with one hand at arm's
length. The home players fell on Kane's
delivery in the ninth inning, and that
they failed to win then was due -to
Roach's attempt to stretch' a single Into
a two-bagger. He was barely caught out
at second and shut out Reilley on a run
that would have tied the score. Attend
ance 2500. The score:
LOS ANGELES.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Toman, ss '. 4 0 0 0 1 6 0
Hannivan. If 3 1 10 2 0 0
. Atherton, lb ....... 3 0 0 1 14 3 1
Householder, cf 4000 1 0 0
Raymer. 2b 4 1 I 0 6 4 1
Reilley, 3b '.,... 4 - 0 ' 4 .0 0 4 1
Roach, c 4 1 2*11 1 o
Waddell, rf 3 0 10 10 0
Slagle. p[.... ....... 3 0 0 0 13 1
Totals .J... 32 3 9 2 27 21 ~4
SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
McHale, If 4 0 1 0 3 0 0
Bone, rf 3 0 0 0 11 0
Lawler, cf 3 10 0 3 0 0
Holly, ss ....... 4 11:0 5 4 1
Shugart. 3b 4.-10 0 2 0 0
Leahy, c 4.1 2 06 2 0
Delmas, lb 3.000610
Brlseno, 2b 4 0 0 0 1 3 0
Kane, p 3 0 00 0 2 0
,- Totals ..........32 4 4 0 27 13 ~1
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Los Angelas ............00001000 2—3
Base hits 0 2 0 0 2 11 0 3—0
San Francisco 0 0 0 0 2 0 0 0 2 — 1
Base hits >..... 10001010 1 — *
SUMMARY.
Runs' responsible for— Slagle 2, Kane 2.
Three-base hit — Leahy. Two-base , hits —
Roach, Raymer, Reilley. First base on er
rors — Los Angeles 1,- San Francisco 4.. First
base on called balls— Off Slagle 3, off Kane 2.
Left on ¦ bases— Los Angeles 4, San Francisco
6. .Struck out — Slagle 1. Kane 5. Hit- by
pitched ball — Delmas, McHale. Double plays
Raymer to I Atherton, Kane to Delmas to Sbu
gart. - Time— 1:45. . Umpire — McDonald.
Defeat the Seraphs in a Game of Many
Exciting Features.
LOS ANGELES, April 25.— San Fran
cisco won from Los Angeles to-day In a
game of many unusual and exciting fea
tures. That Los Angeles did not win was
due partly to careless base running and
partly to Slagle's failure to take care of
bunted balls. In fact, it was a game that
might have been won or lost at any one
of a half-dozen stages. Slagle pitched
good ball as far as hits countedTT>ut failed
to field two bunts in his territory after he
had given a base on balls and hit a bat
ter. Thus he was responsible for two
runs. Reilly was twice put out while try-
Ing to stretch his hits, once at the home
plate and once at third.
UNCLE'S MEN. AWAKEN.
Philadelphia' Dog Show Association medal
for best St. Bernard — Won by Mrs. Charles
Newman's Lester C. •
Victoria City Kennel Club cup for best
mastiff in show — Won by Mrs. M. Larsen's
Sharkey. '
The "Redelshelmer Cup" for the best pack
of hounds — Won by San Mateo County Hunt
Club. . '¦;; >« . -
AWARDS OP THE JUDGES.
The "best four of any breed" was the
next class called up. When It came to a
show-down it was found that J. H. Ros
seter held four aces. His greyhounds,
which have been one of the features of
the show, secured the votes of five out
of the six judges. Mrs. Klein's bull ter
riers were placed second and a quartet of
cocker spaniels third. »
This afternoon there wjll be a parade
of all prize-winners at 3 o'clock. In the
evening the cups and medals will be dis
tributed among the lucky winners.
George S. Thomas of Boston was finally
chosen as a referee. As he is essentially
a terrier man it seemed a foregone con
clusion ho would name the bull terrier.
He did not do so, however, casting the
deciding vote In favor pf the St. Bernard,
thus upholding Major Rathbone and Mr.
Cranneld. .
After eliminating all but three dogs from
the competition the judges, six in num
ber, • came to a deadlock. Major J. L.
Rathbone and Mr. Cranneld voted for
Mrs. ,Charles Newman's St. Ber/iard, Les
ter C; Ho Yow and Dr. Clayton voted for
Mrs. Klein's bull terrier, Woodcote Won
der, while Mr. Carnochan and Mr. David
son voted for the Japanese spaniel. >
The judges refused to reverse themselves
and when It finally became a choice be
tween the massive St. Bernard and the
dainty Japanese spaniel • Ho Yow, 1 - who Is'
always diplomatic, suggested '. that each
receive a prize. Owing to the marked
difference between the dogs this seemed
reasonable, but under the inexorable rules
of the kennel club was impossible.
The first exciting event and one of the
most interesting of the show was tho
judging for the best dogs owned and ex
hibited in the ring by. a lady. Among tho
competitors were a toy black and tan,. St.
Bernard,- collie, Irish terrier, bull terrier,'
Great Dane, Boston terrier, maltese ter
rier and Japanese spaniel. ¦ ; ..
ly only a small number of specta
tors who had been present during the day
had remained. ' • : . .
0 I fHE sensational competition of San
I v Francisco Kennel Club show at
I- Mechanics' Pavilion took place late
yesterday afternoon. Unfortunate-
Bushnell cup for best St. Bernard bred on •
Pacific Coast — Won by Mrs. . Charles Newman's'
Lester C. .- . \ ..-....".. - ..' - . - ¦-.'"/:";.-;' .: . ¦
Ackerman cup for best brace of St. Bernards
—Won by P. C. Meyer's Le King and, Alta
Rachel. .. - • ,.. y :
•The Sands • Point " challenge cup for 'best St.
Bernard owned by member of L K. A. — Won
by Mrs. Charles Newman's Lester C. .:;,'.: i "
Leavitt cup for best pair of great, danes out
of one dam— Won" by \ Dresser,* Simpson'. & Nle
haus' Bluebeard and Alpbonse. " -. .: V » .. ." ••¦
Harley -trophy for best pair- of great danes
owned ,by C one. exhibitor; — Won by.: Dresser, -
Simpson & Nlehaus' Bluebeard and Mona.
San Francisco Kennel; Club cup .'for.' best
English foxhound — Won by Frank. McC., v Bre ve
er's Bey. • ¦ ". ¦¦-.¦.•:•*¦: .:;•¦ . ; - " -:-;.;«>' -
- Harley cuo for i best American foxhound —
'.Won by'F. W. Tallant's>Sapho.. .....':
. Wells cud .for best . American; foxhound .,of (
• opposite sex — Won by Pv T. T W. '_ Vowinkle's •
Crowder.. .. .... ,.:.... .: -I...;-' • ; .-.
¦ ' Subscription ¦ to 4 Gentlemen's .¦ Magazine '¦ for ':¦
, best I American foxhound ¦ puppy — Won \ bjr-'Fred .
Baltzer's Max. '¦" • - ¦ ¦-¦. '¦ •'¦ '" "¦','••'. \ " ' .
"Arlington Cup" \ for best pointer-^"W<m\by
W. S. Tevls* Bow'b Son. . . " . T i
- Subscription to' Field: and "Stream -for best
pointer puppy— Won.by A. H., KrieteVPrince. j
" De Ruyter trophy -for- best English setter—-
Won by William Felge's Buckwa.
Subscription to • Field and Stream for best
English setter puppy — Won by Fred Braemer"s ;
'Ida. " •'- ¦ ¦ ¦ .¦¦"¦¦ ¦ • " ¦-', ..
The ¦ Philadelphia Dog' Show.. Association
medal for best English setter bitch — Won '-.by
P. D. Lrinvllle's Maggie F. . '.,¦¦¦.
Copy of Amateur Trainer for best English
setter under 18 months— Won by Fred i Braem
er's Ida. ¦'.-.••' '•.',¦'-. .'¦
' Clabrough-Golcher ! Company • cup for best
Irish . setter — Won by A. B. Truman's .Mike
Swiveler T. '' ' .
. Subscription to Field and •• Stream • for best
I Irish setter— Won by Sidney V. Smith Jt.'b
. Calve- ¦ i ¦¦ : ¦¦¦'¦¦' ' '¦ * • ¦ • • ;-¦¦•<.'•.!.'.
Pacific Coast Field Trial Club cup for. best'
in field trial classes— Won by P. D. Unvllle'a
Irish setter, Maggie F.
Tevls trophy for best of opposite sex — Won
by J E Lucas* < pointer, . Aleck C. • r ".''-¦'
' Hlckman cup for best Irish water spaniel—'.
Won by Nels M, Lund's Barney Lund. ; .
Greenebaum cup for best beagle ¦ in show-
Won by Middlesex Hunt's Pilgrim.
COCKER SPANIELS. ' •
Breeders' cup for best Pacific Coast cocker
spaniel whelped In year previous to competi
tion Won by Plumeria Cocker Kennels' . Plu
meria Portia. ',: - .'. • ¦••',•
Plume trophy for best ' cocker I sired ' by one
of Plumeria Cocker Kennels' stud , dogs — Won
by J. H. Dortan'B Plumeria. . .
A graphophone and cabinet for, best: Pacific
Coast owned cocker spaniel,:-. opposite sex to
wiener of President's cup-r-Won by Mrs. W. :
' C Ualston's Hampton "Promise. . > , v - •.
"Sporting Spaniel ' Produce Plate" for best
spaniel bitch— Won by Plumeria ¦ Cocker Ken- .
¦nela' Plumeria. Portia;; secojid, ; Mrs.- , W. - C.
Ralston's Florodora. . .'-¦ ... ¦. . •
In the thirteenth the early part of the round
was full of earnest infighting; each man play
ing for the body. In this round Walcott sent
an uppercut to the chin, through a clinch, that
shook up ¦ Gardner badly. Almost Immediately,
afterward Walcott sent a left to the Jaw that
would have been bad for Gardner had It landed
fairly.
The fourteenth was fast and hard. Walcott
was after Gardner and there was a lot of
hitting In the clinches. Both men played for
the body, winding up the round with a fast
rally. •
When they were shaping up for the fifteenth
It was the concensus of opinion at the ring
side that it was a good "draw" up to . that '
time. Gardner in trying for a right to the
body slipped to the ring floor, but. was up im
mediately. Walcott sent a right to the head
and got one in return on the body. Gardner
missed a desperate attempt at a right swing.
Walcott hung on at the end of the round to
avoid punishment. .
Walcott was the aggressor again in the six
teenth, a left to the ear and* another to Card-.
ner'a sore eye doing the Lowell man no good.
Walcott sent a left to the head and , another
The eleventh round was fast and hard. Wal
cott ' was the aggressor and one of his blows
fairly. lifted Gardner off the floor. Both were
slugging hard when the end of the round
came.
Gardner came back strongly In the tenth,
and after ¦ landing two stiff uppercuts, under
the guard, on Walcott's head, the latter seemed
to have all he wanted of the argument. Gard
ner ended proceedings with a right and left to
the body.
GARDNER STR01JG IN TENTH.
Walcott forced Gardner to the ropes in th»
ninth but did not hurt him. | Walcott tcx.k one
blow in the face which seemed a har.1 one.
but he only laughed and said "It's lovely."
Gardner presented anything but a pleasing; ap
pearance with his red face, swollen nose and
ruffed lips. Gardner'* left eye showed a blue
circle about it and seemed to be on the verge
of closing.
In the eighth Walcott seemed much the
stronger. Gardner bled freely from the nose
and mouth. Early In the round there was a
quick exchange which sounded like a tattoo on
a drum.
They fought all over the ring In the sev
enth.' but neither seemed able to land an ef
fective blow. It was give and take throughout
the round. ¦«w
GEORGE GARDNER, the Lowell
boxer, turned the^tables on Joe Wal
cott last night in Woodward's Pa
vilion. He was given the decision
over his old opponent by Referee E. J.
Smith after one of the most desperate
contests ever seen in this city.
There was hardly a. moment from first
to last when the fighters were not at one
another hammer and tong3. At times the
blows each received sounded like a blow
on a tightly bound drum. Although Gard
ner receive the decision on his aggressive
ness and clean blows it was by so nar
row a. margin that a draw decision would
undoubtedly have given more general sat
isfaction. This applies- especially in this
case owing to the rumors that the con
test was fixed. =X",
To allay these reports Billy Jordan an
nounced that the Yosemite Club manage
ment bad authorized Referee Smith, to
call off all bets if he saw any- sign of a
job. It was also announced that if a Job
developed the fighters' share of the re
ceipts would be given some charitable In
stitution. <i;';'
Charity never had a look In.
For three rounds some of the spectator*
thought the men were not trying, but at
the end of that time the scoffers had
Joined the shouters and were using their
lung powers to cheer Instead of jeer.
WALOOTT A MARVEL.
Walcott re-established himself la th«
good graces of the ring patrons. ' It
seemed cruel to put him against the bis
man, but once they cleared for action tha
disparity in their size seemed to disappear.
Walcott will always remain the marvel of
the modern prize ring.
In the early stages of the fight Gardner
tried fighting at close range, but Walcott
would not give him an opportunity to
shape up and prepare to deliver a blow.
The colored wonder was first out of reach
and a moment later he was under his op
ponent's guard, as safe from, harm as
though he were at home playing whist.
Walcott was never still, keeping boring
in at all times, and Gardner did not seem
to be able to hurt him. After a while
Gardner tried long-range fighting, which
proved much more effective than his other
tactics. In the fifth round he cut Wal
cott's mouth. After that he paid particu
lar attention to the injured spot. He
landed some uppercuts under Walcott a
guard in a clinch. This was the blow
with which he whipped Carter last Sep
tember.
Walcott proved no novice at this, per
forming the same trick on Gardner. The
latter was badly punished about the face.
His nose and lips were puffed up and his
eyes discolored and apparently ready to
close. In the eighth round it seemed
Gardner was on the down grade, but he
pulled himself together and put up a
strong finish.
The nineteenth and twentieth rounds
were whirlwind affairs.- bringing the spec
tators to their feet. The last round was
desperate going for Walcott. who palp
ably weakened under the shower of blows
he received. ,_, , _.«.
Gardner was swinging pitilessly witn
right and left, every blow going unerring
ly to its mark. Walcott finally went down
under the hall of blows which {ell about
his head. _ i
In his excitement Gardner swung at
him while he was down, landing a. left
to the face. ¦• The blow was a technical
foul, but as no damage resulted the ref
eree properly took no notice of it. Wal
cott was chagrined over the outcome of
the fight While arguing the question.
with Referee Smith the police entered the
ring and stopped the unprofitable discus
sion. The attendance was not In keeping
with the quality of the fight. , s i .
THE FIGHT BY ROUNDS. .
When the gong sent the men -together la
the first round Gardner at one* went after
Walcott and did some fast feinting This did
not trouble the colored man. who was the
first to land, sending his left to the body^harij.
Gardner came back with a left lab and Walcott.
getting under his guard, hung on. Gardner
rent a right to the body and took a right on
the bead. Gardner sent a straight right to tfea
'in* the second round Gardner continued his
feinting but Walcott was in and out sofas'.
he could not land an effective blow for a tim«.
Gardner finally sent the right to the body,
which shook up Walcott. Walcott landed a
chop blow with his left to the head and fol
lowed It with a swinging left to the body.
Walcott sent a right to the bead and took a
stiff right to the head in return, Gardner
again played for the body, using both right
and left. ¦ This round was fast throughout.
In the third round Gardner was the first to
land planting his right and left to the body,
following with a right to the. head, which
cfcraed hard, but Joe only laughed at him.
-The men stood In the middle of the ring and
had a veritable slugging match, each landing
right and left swings without attempting to
cuard. When they slowed down Gardner
commenced his play with right and left to the
body again. Walcott came back with two
stlK lefts to the head.. Gardner toward th*
end of the round tried his best for an upper
cut.
Walcott opened proceedings In the fourth
with a hard left to the head. - Gardner landed
right to the head, but Walcott only laughed
at his efforts. . Walcott was forcing Gardner
around the ring the remainder of the round.
Just before the bell Gardner tried' a terrtflo
right cross, which barely missed its mark.
Walcott's right shoe was badly torn in this
round and ¦ he removed It. fighting several
rounds before It was replaced by another shoe.
Gardner overreached hfmself at the open
ing of the fifth round and stumbled. Ha quick
ly recovered and sent a right to. the body.
Walcott sent a left to the head and followed It
up with a second one. Gardner landed a right,
but missed with his left immediately afterward.
In this round Gardner cut Walcott's mouth
badly. It bled rather freely. When they went
together in the sixth Gardner commenced to
play at once for the injured mouth. He varied
this with rights to the body, landing three In
succession. These did not worry Walcott. who
came back for more all the time. The round
ended with Walcott landing rights and lefts
to the head.
The deadlock remained intact until in
ning seven rolled around. Devereaux flew
to , left field and Dunleavy hit hard against
the right garden fence for- two bags.
Francks brought him in with a hot
grounder past third. The Senators had a
few chances to -win, but somehow or
other they could not get their hits bunch
ed and the Oaklands. refused to make, any
more errors. " \
Hodson pitched remarkable ball. The
sphere was banged around quite freely,
but Hoddie always managed to pull out
without any serious damage. Thomas
twirled in ideal form. He used good Judg
ment, had nice curves and an ample sup
ply of speed. However, every hit the
commuters made was there at the right
moment and none of them were wasted.'
Sheehan hit the ball hard, and Bir
mingham did good work at first. Dunleavy
made a couple of pretty throws in from
left and cut off two runs. In the third
Eagan opened with a hit and Rebsamen
followed with a double to right. Eagan
could easily - have made the plate, but
Brick Devereaux prevailed upon' him to
slide and hold third, so Brick's tact saved
the game for Oakland* The score:
OAKLAND. •
"'". . AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Walters, c. f 2 0 1 0 3 0 0
Mohler, 2b 3 X> 1 0 1 1 0
Strelb. lb.... 4 1 0 1 13 0 0
McCreery. r. f 3 1 01 0 0 0
Devereaux, 3b 3 0 1 0 1 1 1
Dunleavy, 1. f 3 1 10 0 1 0
Francks, s. s 3 0 10 2 5 0
Gorton, c... ...3 0 0 0 7 11
Hodson, p. .....;.... 3 0 0 0 0 3 0
Totals.. 27 3 5 2 27 12 2
SACRAMENTO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Sheehan. 3b 5 13 112 0
Doyle, 2b... r '. 3 0 1 0 2 2 0
Eagan. 8. s 4 0 2 0 1 4 0
Rebsamen, c. f 40 2 0 0 0 0
Birmingham, lb 4 0 0 0 11 0 1
Frary.-r. f..; 3 ' 1' 1 0 3 0 0
Wagner, 1. f 3 0 1 0.2 10
Graham,- c 4 0 2 0 4 0 0
Thomas, p.:.. 4 0 0 0 0 3 0
Totals 34 2 12 1 24 12 "I
. RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Sacramento • .... 1 ' 1 0 6 0 0 0 0 O— 2
•Base hits 2 2 2 0 2110 2 12
Oakland 20 0 0 0 0 1 0 x — 3
Base hits 2 00 0 0 1 20 x— 5
SUMMARY.
- Two-base , hits — Rebsamen, Dunleavy. Sacri
fice hits — Doyle, Wagner, Eagan.. Mohler. First
base on called balls — Off Hodson 2, off Thomas
2. Left on bases — Oakland 2, Sacramento 10.
Struck out — By Hodson 6, by Thomas 2. Time
of game — 1:35. Umpire — CConnell. Official
scorer— Harry Cashman.
Sheehan arrived for M. Fisher in the
opening splurge on two singles. Ewing*s
hired help opened up and went him one
better. Two men were nailed at home,
but Devereaux's hot single to left did the
trick. The Senators again spoke in the
next inning, when singles by Frary and
Graham and Wagner's sacrifice created a
deadlock.
..Inthe last spasm of the agony the Sen-
a tors managed to place a man at every
post. Truck -Eagan proudly walked to
the plate like Casey of old and did the
Casey act to a finish. He first walloped
the^ air. and then made faces at the um
pire.- After that he tried to hypnotize lit
tle Hoddie,- but instead he struck out, a
most tragical finish for a quiet little
game. ..,_'. . : ' ;
bounded out in good time. The big
lads bumped the horsehlde • more than
twice as hard as the wee'.uns, but for all
that they ended one run shy. It was a
close finish— 3 to 2.
E WING'S children and Fisher's bis
boys did fast turns for nine innings
'yesterday afternoon. The game was
Neither Had" One Moment's
; Respite Throughout Entire
Twenty Rounds of Going
Thomas Pitches Good Ball,
. .but E wing's J Lads Bunch
i Hits at Critical Times
Draw Decision Would Not
Have Done Either of the
Boxers Any Great Injustice
JURY OF THE BENCH SHOW JUDGES
MAKE SOME IMPORTANT AWARDS
St. Bernard ¦ Lester G j Is -Voted Hthei Best |Dog: in; the Show Owned
by a Dady^-Grey hounds; Garr^ -Off-^the^Horioi^ From All Dogs
in the lea^
AWARD FAVORS
THE MAN FROM
LOWELL A BIT
Senators Hit Hodson Hard,
but They Fail to Land
When Men Are on Bases
OAKLAND MEN
WIN THE GAME
BY ONE TALLY
GEORGE GARDNER WINS FROM WALCOTT AFTER A SENSATIONAL CONTEST
THE SAN FBANCISGO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 26, 1902.
5FRESNO ELKS WHO HAVE
LABORED TO PRODUCE THE
"GREATEST, SHOW ON EARTH."
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 230 Cali
fornia street Telephone Main 1042. •
Townsend's California glace fruit, 60c a
pound, in fire-etched boxes or Jap. bask
ets. A nice present for Eastern friends.
639 Market St.. Palace. Hotel building. •
Prunes stuffed wlthapricots.Townserid'3.*
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at To-«rn3end's*
The Pacific Philatelic Society of Sin
Francisco will hold a stamp exhibition at
Mechanics' Pavilion next '' September, the
exact; date to.be fixed laier.j.^Entries of
stamps will be' received ,fY6m'aJl parts of
the world and several medals ana
diplomas will be awarded to the best col
lections. The committee in charge of the
exhibition consists of H. B. Phillips, A. H.
Treenebaum 'and J. H. Makins.
WiU Hold Stamp Exhibition.
Calif priuans hav© : arrived: " San Fran
cisco^-H. Sandays, at' the' Plaza; L. B.
Browne, at the Continental;: L. J. Clay
burgh, at the Imperial; W. B. Gledden, at
the St. Denis; T. Kirkpatrick, at the
Grand; I>. Koster, at the Holland!; W.
Ellery, G. "WJ Ellery, at the Astor. Los
Angeles— Misa Caae, at the • Manhattan.
Brothers* biff procession. Four bands have
'been, engaged. James A. "Ward has se
cure<& twenty beautiful white horses to
draw the main band wagon. There will
be many novel features, the intention be->
tag to , draw • the crowd directly to the
show gTound, where the.sldeshow will ba
open for biialL-ess. • '¦'..;¦
The- side show will offer some wonder
ful features. Marvelous freaks .of nature
wili'be on exhibition. There will be tha
' fat woman, tbe snake charmer, -the living
skeleton, the man witn tne rubber neck,
and other* attractions. But the greatest
of them' all will bo the Persian dancer,
whom Manager Pike is advertising under
the name of "Keeijoi Kamieli." She will
' have a tent ail to herself. The wise ones
say there Is a rood deal of a joke about
this, but just the same the curious will
have to pay to find out.' ¦ -'¦
There will be nothing lacking to make
the day a success. Pink lemonade, pop
corn ami rcr.nuts will be peddled out in
true circus style by local Elks: The big
performance, to be given both afternoon
and evening, will be followed by the cus
tomary concert, for which some special
.features have been prepared. .
: Men" shaved without soap.' 15c,'.at Russ Housi>
Antiseptic Barber " Shop,- 217 Montgotnery.' ' » •
•Since' President Roosevelt is -fond of the strenuous:
life«he ought-vto take a' keen interest in Booth Tar
kington;;' for^ that i distinguished gentleman of; Indiana
is. writing a .'.hew bookj contemplating marriage "arid
making/a'lcampaign for. 1 Congress all' at the same
time-^and'a.hotsurfimer. coming, on. - '¦..'. • • .
PP Going to Thunder Mountain P?
'The { Northern . Pacific ; Railway , Is ' the best,
cheapest ' and • quickest' route; .. Frow',Lewlstan
and Stltes. Idaho, there are good wagon roads
to-'elther Warren^ or Dixie,* from which points
the. trails Into' this district are niost Accessible.
Fpr,* rates; etc.; ", address ' T. ",K.". STATELER.
G. A.,' 647 . Market it". : 8./.F. ' / - '¦ . ; '
; .'Again we have news that Japan and Russia intend
tfcT;go to' war and 1 that, the conflict, which ' will con-\
.vulse the.Orient, is impending. The threatened war.
talk is becoming; more tiresome than 'the/ jaw prac-
tice in which " American plug-uglie3 indulge 'preced^
ing contests and' which \ seems 1 so thoroughly^ to' en- •
teftain the American public. .' ; - '
. . .Captain- Clark of the Oregon . has been forced "to
decline his position as one of.'the : representatives; of
the. United States at the coronation oft King. Edward
because he ; has not money enough.to pay. his per
sonal expenses. This is one of.the cases where pov
erty ; fortunatejy . conserves., a ' - dignity won > and • con
tributes to another well achieved. : .'..--.¦ ; \ Y
England has : begun the hazardous experiment of,
importing^ Chinese 1 ', coolies to -take the place of
Boers in South. African mines.' Johnny Bull
should take the: precaution to , insure even such
laborers nhat -they will be able to be party/ to the.
despicable scheme against the splendid people who
have. fought so well for their liberties and lives.' ,\ :
A summary of the various attractions of the dis
trict gives . these reasons why Reedley is a good
place for settlers: It is healthful; it offers a greater
variety of:* occupations than most places; the cli
mate is good; there is plenty of water for.<irriga
tion and the people own the system; good soil, with
no alkali; 'excellent railway . facilities and j-gobd
The products of the district are wheat, hay, -corn,
alfalfa, peaches, prunes, pears, apricots, olives, figs^
oranges, lemons, grapes of every variety and all
kinds of deciduous fruits. As illustrations of. the
profits that are' possible under favorable 'conditions
instances are cited of extraordinary incomes , from
orchards and vineyards; and names and addresses
are given of gentlemen who vouch for them. ~ '.
The folder is so small that it can • be readily
placed in the envelope and sent out with every letter
that goes from Reedley to the outer world. "It is
therefore an effective means for general advertising
and will do much to make known the manifold attrac
tions of the town and the surrounding country. . '-~\',-
Reedley claims to stand in the geographical center
of California. It is on the banks of Kings River, '
one of the finest streams, in the State, and has now
in operation an irrigation \ system covering ; .-.over
128,000 acres, '"every acre the equal of any other. in
its right to water, and costing less than'^50 cents per
acre per annum."
BY way of attracting the attention of the .pub
lic to the many . advantages of that section of
Fresno County the, Board of Trade of Reed
ley has published for general' circulation a Vfolder",
giving a terse compendium of such facts concerning
climate, soil,; industry and educational 'facilities as
will be interesting to persons seeking for new homes
or for profitable investments for capital. r i*;-%V
REEDLEY ATTRACTIONS.
Among the citizens' of Massachusetts who are try
zing, to induce the Legislature to appropriate money
for. the erection of a statue to' General Butler is a
man who urges the appropriation oh the ground that
the general once saved his. life, and now the Massa
chusetts Solbns are' pondering whether 'such service
merits an equestrian statue or a. small. leather medal.
It is stated that more than half of all the : news
papers in the world^are -printed in -English, and iri
the United States newspapers are printed in twenty-,
four different languages. : It thus appears that. while
the English have been scattering themselves all over
the world io a journalistic way we have been absorb
ing everything into out^own country. If' newspapers
in evtry other part of the globe were suppressed the'
United. States could furnish every race with a live
journal printed in^ its ' own language.
¦ VI • am astonished that : these f earf ully«
wrought-up • journals' have no word" of
commendation - ' for ¦. our soldiers * In the
-Philippines, -who have - suffered untold
cruelties, assassinations, burning by .slow
¦fires, burial alive, mutilations and atroci
ties, who have submitted 'to every indig
nity without resentment -or.V complaint,'
and -I have been greatly,: gratified - over
their ¦ excellent . behavfor under -such try
ing circumstances. 'In . their comments
these journals are very careful not to say
why these punishments are given to such
traitors, knowing , well .: if they • did. our
people. would look, upon the acts as one
of the necessities of war.^and would.won
der at i the ' leniency of Major ', Glenn^'and
his command."- ;; •>•-., •¦
'.'The*, testimony of Sergeant Rlley, upon
which you base your attack on these offi
cers, goes' to prove.. that they.;- gave the
: water cure to ¦ a Filipino - who . had been
made presidente' in one of the provinces,
by . our Government, "who had '.taken the
oath of allegiance, to our country 1 and
then used his official position to cover his
acts as captain of an insurgent company
which .'was acting In .arms against our
army;, within our lines. Therefore, he ,wa^
a traitor and a' spy, and his every act
was -a* violation of the laws, of .war, and
branded him an outlaw and guerrilla. It
these are the acts, under the usages of
'war these officers were justified in what
they -did;, inVfact, if they had shot the
traitor they would never have been called
to account, and an all probability this is
'what would have happened to him in the
civil war. , •¦ \f\ ; ..W . ' ~
<v An officer has great latitude under
such circumstances, and it is not safe or
fair to condemn one for almost any act
that detects a traitor ; and spy in arms
against the " Government which he . haa
. sworn to protect, and which has put him
in a position . of trust. You ignore entirely
this side of. the. question! and only treat
Major. Glenn's acts as cruelties to peace
able Filipino - citizens. .1 can remember
when the journals of this country upheld
and applauded ' an- officer who, -in the
civil war, ordered a man shot if he at
tempted to haul down the American flag,
and" cannot- understand the present hys
tarics of some journals over the terrible
violation of the laws of war in punishing
a traitor caught in the act with the water
cure only. The treatment may have been
severe, but it is not permanently harmful..
"Sir:- As one Who has had some experi
ence in the necessities, usages and cruel
ties of war) which always prevail during
a'.campa . 1 in an enemy's country. I .'a™
surprised at the position of your journal;
and its bitterness against the alleged ac
tion of Major Glenn, Lieutenant Conger
and Assistant Surgeon Lyon." ;.
General Grenville M. Dodge in a lettet
to the New York Evening Post expresses*
surprise at the position of that paper in
its bitterness -against the -army - officers
who administered the water cure to Fili-
General Dodge , held high com
mand throughout the civil war, and by
gallant conduct on the battle field and in
the display of administrative ability as
a'department commander gained the con-r
fidence of IJncoln, ; Grant and -Sherman.
He is president of the Society .of the
Army of the "Tennessee, , and. one of the
few surviving corps commanders of the
Union army. He writes in, this style to
the editor of the - New -York -Evening
Post:
Jesse D. Carr is at thei Lick.
J. F. "Waterhouse, a mining -man of
Golden Trout, is at the Grand. :.'.-.,- ; v'
Colonel E. A. Forbes, an attorney of
Marysvllle;;is a guest at the Grand.
E. ¦Wt.Campbeil, a mining man of Dew
Drop, Pit;- is registered x at the Lick.
E.C. Farnsworth, an attorney of Vis
alia, is among the afrival3 at the LJck...
C. N. Hartley, r a fruit grower of Vaca
ville, Is among the arrivals at the Grand.
T. R. ¦- Meinturn, ¦ a rancher and land
owner of Meinturn, is a guest at the Pal
ace. \.
D. S, Rosenbaum, a 'banker and mer
chant of Stockton, Is among, the arrivals
at the Palace. ' < ~
Peter- Musto, the •well-known general
merchandise mail of Stockton, is In the.
city oh a short business trip. He is at the
Grand. '¦"; -.->' ; -il '•*.'
John J". Mitchell, a well-known capital
ist of Chicago, arrived here yesterday in
his private car, accompanied by. his.. wife
and family. They. are at the. Palace. j
Californians fn frew York.
NEW YORK, April 25.— The following
Wt&SORAL " MENTION!
Here, then, arc opportunities to reap a profit upon
every dollar expended in advertising the State. The
profits, moreover, will be widespread. The * up
building of the interior by the development of its re
sources and the increase of its pbpuIatioVi will aug
ment the trade, increase the wealth and add to the ¦
growth of San l ? rancisco itself.- Since all are.. to
share in the benefits it is but fair to, expect that all
will contribute to ths cost of obtaining them. - The
promotion movement is in the hands of good and
competent men. There can be no question that
the money intrusted to them will be expended to the
greatest advantage of all. It is t^"be hoped, then,
that the contributions to the fund will be liberal and
prompt, and that a very, large proportion of the
people. will be -among Xhe "contributors.. ~ r
Money, however, is by no means, the only nor the
most important contribution which the East* can
furnish us at this time to hasten the development
of the State. In that section of the Union there are
thousands of industrious, thrifty* and- well-to-do
families who are seeking new homes. A migratory
impulse is at present felt throughout the wfcole
population north of the Ohio from the Atlantic to
the Missouri Our Eastern exchanges announce, that
the movement is the most notable since the great
migration that settled up the States of Nebraska
and Kansas. Thousands of the best kinds of Ameri
can farmers are migrating even to the Canadian
northwest. There is a chance, therefore, of profiting
by this high tide of migration by attracting much of
it to 'our own sparsely settled counties, where the
climate and soil are so much superior to any- to be
found elsewhere.
There is not a county in California that has not
some rich' resource of wealth lying undeveloped.
Large quantities of raw material are shipped out of
the State in that form, or perhaps not shipped at all,
which might be. Iprofitably worked up into finished
forms for the market? and at the same time an
abundant water power is running almost idly to the
sea for' the lack of use in application to machinery. '
Furthermore, the abundant output of. oil now offers
cheap fuel for all kinds, of manufacturing, and noth
ing is needed be3'ond the •' capital required for .£he
enterprise and the right men to manage . the work.
Comparatively few Californians . understand manu
facturing business, and $o we must rely largely upon.
Eastern leadership in the undertaking of such enter
prises, but we must at least make known the possi-(
bilitics of manufacturing and attract the attention
of investors to- them. . .
vestments are now being made by New York and
Chicago millionaires in Europe. That money
and the energy which controls and directs it can be
drawn to California if an intelligent and compre
hensive report be made of the ¦ opportunities for
profitable investment that exist here in this great
undeveloped territory of Northern California. >•'.
BY the California Promotion Committee it is
estimated that fully $5000 . a month as a
steady income will be required to carry out
on anything like an adequate scale the work of -at-,
tracting the attention of investors and settlers to the
advantages offered in the counties north -of Teha
chapL The estimate is moderate and will so appear
to every one who v.ill give consideration either to
the %vealth of the community to which the appeal is
made or to the vast benefits which will result from
the work. Moderate... as it is, however, it is a sum
too large to be expected of any one class of the peo
ple. All who are to benefit by the work ought in pro
portion to their means to contribute to the funds
required to carry it on.
The advantages now offered for the enterprise of
upbuilding Northern ¦ California are- well' known.
The Eastern cities have millions of surplus capital
seeking investment. In default of better, large in-
WORK FOR ALL,
DODGE DEFENDS
THE OFFICERS
IN PHILIPPINES
ringmaster, and in addition has a "William
Tell rifle exhibition, "in which he will do
the old apple act. Roy Hall", one of the
best known Elks in the city, a man with
a physique of a Sandow, is down for a
strong man stunt. There will be a box
ing exhibition by two well known business
men, and a drill, by thirty trained Elks
under the 'direction of W. D. Crichton.
The trained Elks are very docile, and are.
said to drill with great proficiency.
Among the local performers who. will .do
straight turns. Court Edwards, the trick
cyclist, undoubtedly will ' be :'< the most
popular. He. performs, feats which, it is
asserted,. no other living cyclist has ever
attempted. Kerrick and Dickey will give
an exhibition of rough riding, and Mra.
Zapp, a local equestrienne, will follow in
an entertaining, exhibition. ;;V
- In addition to -the amateurs, there are a
number of the best professionals to^ be'
found, on the coast, and they" will serve to
keep the fun from becoming tiresome.
At noon- there will! be a .grand street
parade, with' all the glittering pageantry
and . - fantastic , beauty ; ?f ..Ringllng
' . It is with such evidence as that before them that
the 'advocates of reciprocity continue to talk about
our duty to relieve"rthe. starving Cubans. It is surely
a. poor bill that 1ias; T to'.be bolstered/ up 'with such
tale's as that and- such appeals'to the credulity v of the
charitable. . . ¦ •.',.-, -,-¦ ¦'?;£& W^ - -
A vital point'in the situation is thus presented' by
the orator: "There is a piece of evidence which to
my.: mind -shows beyond any question whatever that
up to the present- time there has been absolutely 'no
loss and that there will be no. loss in .the future upon
sugar. It has been testified that wages have ¦ ad- 1
v'anced in the island from 50 to 75 per cent during
the' last .two. years. Now I never in my life heard of
a. case, where a country was upon the verge of bank
ruptcy, where . its business was about; to fail, where
the business men were not making profits, but where
the rate of wages had risen as they have, in Cuba.
The best barometer of business prosperity of any
industry" is the wages paid to its laborers. ..Another
fact : It appears from testimony that the amount Of
sugar produced in Cuba has been steadily • increas
..ing. .'¦ Two years ago the amount produced was about
300,000 tons... The crop of this year whenfully gath
ered will amount to 850,000 "tons'." . . . ' •
Passing to of the prospects of the
sugary planters? 'Mr. Sutherland-- cited testimony be-"
fore the committed ¦'showing thai^in Cuba they raise
about twenty-five tons of sugar cane to the acre,
yielding about 5600 pounds of sugar. -The cost of
producing the sugar averages a^out ij^ cents a
pound, and in some localities it is 1% cents a pound.
The- lowest price that Cuban sugar has ever, been
sold for of recent years at. the Cuban ports is $1 : 8i
per hundred. Even at that price planters get a
profit of 31 cents, per hundred, or about 20 per cent
of the total cost of, production.
Another whness; Colonel Bliss, said: "It is long
since I have seen any one" -begging on the streets,
or any one who wished work who was not at work
at good wages.'v ~."r ''¦" •'-";' ' .''. ''
Further quotations from the advocates of the re
ciprocity scheme repeat the' same story. Mr. Men
ddza said: "The military government has .attended
to the sanitary; situation of the.ishnd. It has im
proved a good deal^;.;but .the 'stomachs of the ; peo^
pie- are empty, and I'^-fear : 'the '.consequences of the
reconcentration policy^of -.General Weyier i are going
to come up again in a different way." ' ;"•
;'That same Mendoza when cross-examined by the
committee admitted. in- reply to direct
"AH the sugar plantations are working) at. this time.
There is plenty of wprk'l.for ; workmen" in Cuba.
Common Iab9rers are now. receiving as' high as $30
a month, andvin some localities they receive more."
¦He added : ; ' condition . of stah r ation does not
exist now, but^e" fear it will exist." %:¦:'¦¦•'
.Mr. Sutherland began by quoting :-j{rom'.! an '"ap-'
-pear' made by the Cuban .Planters' Association:
"The cry has^come up from. all over. the island, 'Save
,_or we perish.' It- has^corhe'from the official heads
of every municipality ; in the. island."^It .has" comei.
from every organizatioii of trade, commerce or" la-. ;
bor. It has come from planters, large arid -small.
It has come from ' : the 'Cuban people! * • * ¦ *'-: It is
in the 'hearts; of the American ' people, who '
say : ' 'We cannot stand by and see : the'.'.' landyj for ;
whose future iwe. are now; responsible fall into ; dis-.'
aster, much less can' we allow it '¦; to be -said 1 that ours
was the hand '.'"that\dealt ''her -ruin.' " • •. ' ' ' ' ' — ¦..
>-> ONGRESSMAN"? SUTHERLAND jof )LHah?
I : ' > in discussing.*- the \ -Cuban reciprocity.) bill
¦^— "^ made a complete;, exposure of .the', hypocriti-,
cal plea that the bill/is; designed for,^the Uelief ¦ of the ;
starving :' Me 'rAvent carefully overV the evi-,
dence brought, out -during' the hearing .before the
Ways and Means Committee and i shd\yed -that .the;
story 6i Cuban starvation is a fake worked "up solely."
for the purpose of deceiving the -American . ¦ people.'"
So far from the y Cut»ans being in a destitute condi- :
lion: they are better off than they have ever been and;
haye every prospect of continuing prosperous i so
long as they ' continue industrious-and: thrifty. •;> •
CUBAN /'STARVATION;. 1 ';
SATURDAY. . . . . . . ....... . . ~ APRIL;" 26, ,1902
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Ulitn All Comxcociationi to W. B. LEASE, Manager.
PUBLICATIOX OFFICE... Market and Third,. S. P.
EDITORIALi 11OO3IS 217 to SSI 'Stevenson St.
TELEPHONE.
Ask for THE CALL. The Operator Will Connect
You With the Department You Wish.
i ' * ¦ !
Delivered by Carriers, 15 Cents Per Weelc.
Slnffle Copies, S Cents.
Terms by Mnll, Including Po«<«sre« * •¦¦
DAIL.Y CALL (Including Sunday), one year., ....$6.00
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday). 6 -months.: ."... »-00.
DAILT CALL (including Sunday). 3 months."...". ."..1.60
DAILY CALL— By Single Month.. ;...;....:.. ;...... .V.% 65c
SUNDAY CALL. One Ywf.n* *:{;.}*• • ' 1>5 °
WEEKLY CALL. One Year...../....: i- 00
All postmasters are authorised to receive
-subscriptions.- .
Sample copies will be forwarded when_ requested.
Mall subscribers in orflerlns change' ol address should be
particular to give both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS in order
to Insure a prompt -and correct compliance with "their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE ... 1 .......... 1118 Broadway
C. GEORGE KROCXF.SS.
Ktntger Foreign Advertising, HarqnetU Bniliing Chiwjo: -
(t«ng Distance Telephone "Central 2619.")
NEW' YORK CORRESPONDENT:. .
C. C. CARLTO3T. . ; . . , : ; . .....i. . .Herald S«»nare
"-. V CHICAGO NEWS STANDS: ..'
.Sherman Hotist; .P. O..;Newe Co.; Great Ndrthern Hotei ;"
Fremoiit House; Auditorium Hotel. .¦ ..'•',,¦. . ¦
* NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH.'.'. ......30 Tribune Bnlldlnc
WASHIXGTOV (D.-C) OFFICE- 14OC g' St.'. Bf/W.
. . MORTOX E. CRAXE, Cjorrespondent.
NEW YORK NEWS-STANDS:" ¦ . ¦ '-
Waldorf-Astoria HotelT "A. BrenUno,' 31 Union Square;.
Murray Hill Hotel. - r • . . . , 1 * . ."^; v ' '
. v - . — — — ; ; —
'.The Westminster, Gazette reports the discovery of.
a new species of swindler in Scotland Known as -the
"penny bookmaker." These rascals prowl -about -the;
streets inducing .newsboys and school children tobet"
pennies on tiorsejeaces,. and it Js~said they, have -been:
especially numerous^ and successful 'in -Edinburgh.
We have had ".some pretty^ mean' pool-sellers. /'and*;
bookmakers among the youth "of this city, .but: never :
anything like this. ¦] San Francisco should sendmisj-,.
sionaries to Edinburgh to give lessons in morality. :
The men whom Herrin has employed to make the
fight for Gage are skilled in every trick and-strata
gem known to politics. In any and every country
where they deem it likely that they can gain dele
gates.by having them appointed they will endeavor
to have the appointments made. They will evade the
rank and file of the party wherever they are. Even
when the holding of primaries is forced upon "them
they will bring the Democratic push to Republican
primaries^for the purpose of defeating true Repub
licans. Thus there is danger at every point in the
campaign. ..The greatest danger, however, is that of
leaving the selection of ¦delegates to the bosses. ' At
the primaries honest Republicans have at least a
chance; ; Jiut if the: delegates be appointed there will
be in many counties a cinch for Billy Herrin. ' ; - : '
Should the .convention be made up of Republicans
chosen at primary elections by Republican votes
it would . be honestly : representative. Its actions
would have the indorsement and support^tfi all true
Republicans, and the party, harmonious and united,
would go into the campaign assured of victory. If,
on the other hand, it should happen that' a host of
Herrin's tools are appointed to the convention by
men who are more desirous of doing machine poli-'
tics than of. advancing true Republicanism, the dan
ger, of defeat will be. imminent. It is well known
that thousands of stalwart Republicans will not sup
port a ticket dictated by a boss, nor a ticket carried
through the convention by trickery. The welfare of
the party is therefore dependent upon the election
of an honestly representative State convention. ,
For the purpose of guarding against the Gage
scheme • the leaders of genuine ; Republicanism in.
every section of the State should at once begin to
rouse the -people to a. sense of the danger that con
fronts the party in this scheme of the corporation
henchmen. All true Republicans '.should be united
in the demand "for open •primaries honestly con
ducted. The right of every Republican '.. to have a .
voice and a vote in the selection of the delegates who
are to represent him in, the State convention, should
be insisted upon. There should be no cajnpromise
on the subject.
¦ ;It will be readily perceived that if Herrin can get
a considerable number of delegates appointed ;to the
convention he will have a formidable position in' that
body. .-The men whom the allied bosses wilLappoint
will' be,' absolutely subservient to the Democratic
corporation attorney. They will have, no minds of
their own nor any object to serve other than that
of .the will ' of the .bosses. Herrin will be able to
use* them in making any kind of trade he chooses.
They will be pawns in his hands, and the State will
be presented ¦ with the spectacle of a Democratic
boss employed, as a railroad attorney, dictating ' to
California Republicans in a State convention.
The' issue, it will be seen, runs beyond the State:
Central Committee to the majority of Republicans
in all counties that are not under, the operation of
the primary law. It will' therefore ..be useless for;
gjenuine Republicans to rely altogether^ upon the
Central Committee. The recommendations of ' that
body will undoubtedly have weight, and there is no'
question but what the Gage bosses will try to pre
vent the committee from- recommending primaries.
Still the action of the committee one way or the
other" will not *be fikal. The fight for genuine / Re
publicanism-must be carried on in every county
where" the bosses have a chance to appoint dele
gates. Vigilance will be needed from now on, for the
bosses are- playing for big stakes this time and will
be tireless : in their energies as well as unscrupulous
in the means- they employ, to achieve success.
WHILE it is a duty incumbent upon the Re
publican State Central Committee to- take
steps to baffle 'the gang who. are trying to
put the Democratic railway boss, Billy: Herrin, in
control of the State convention, the rank and file
of the party must not rely wholly upon the com
mittee. As a matter of fact the committee can.do no
more than make recommendations as to the method
of choosing delegates to the convention. With the
exception of the localities' that are under the opera
tion of the primary law, the party : officers in. each
county can make such arrangements as' they choose
for the selection of delegates, and the convention it
self will be the final judge of the qualifications of its
members. Consequently no' matter how 1 earnestly
the 'State -Committee may recommend the- holding
of. primary j elections, the Gage bosses' may yet ap
point their henchmen in many, counties unless the
rank and Ale of the party % are resolute not to. sub
mit to such „• action. : ., •. . . « . \
WONHRQIS WILL BE THE FEATURES
OF THE ELKS' CIRCUS IN FRESNO
This little circular, with its compact statement of
the advantages", of Reedley/ is a significant sign of the
times. It attests that the people of that" district". are
not going to wait f6£some ¦ one else, to dp : their, ad
vertising for them. They purpose to have their share
in the work -of the ] development of Northern Cali
fornia, and are already atit.
schools. -. it? is announced: : '"Sobriety/ eco
nbmj',-industry and common. sense are as good capi
taljln Fresno Countyjas in any of the Eastern States?
-When; backed-; by $1000 -to $5oooin money,- success is
assured." - - ' \
A / REPUBLICAN DUTY.
1 THE SAN IE AJf CISCO; CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 26, 1902.
|-TS RESNO; April 25.— The Elks* circus,
I-H to which-^11 Fresno- has" been look-
J[ ing forward for weeks, is on the
¦ . .. bills for to r morrow. ¦ Everything is
now : in readiness. \ The big lent,
seating' 4000 persons, is up, the ring
is made, the sideshow, ready for business.
To-day there was a dress rehearsal of the
entire programme, but it was witnessed
only by the committee— "Willis Pike, W. N.
Harris," .W.-M. Johnson, L. J. Luxom and
J_ A. Ward— which has worked untiringly
for Weeks. The public will have to possess
itself with patience until; to-morrow; The
circus was founded * principally for fun
making purposes; and. there undoubtedly
TriH-be -more-reart-ftmtto-ttie square Inch
than was ever seen under any circus tent
in;this city. More than half of the per
formers will- be. amateur s,V moat of whom,
will .burlesque* legitimate .stunts.
i The only;, Fulton G. Berry is to act as
6
By J. D. Ho ran— Saturday. April 26, at 11 o'clock. . Horses
at corner Tenth and Bryant- strsels. I .-
By Easton, Eldridfire & Co.— Monday. April- 28. sat 10
o'clock. Elegant furniture' at 310 Stockton street. ¦
By Wm. G. Layrg— Monday, April 28. at 11 o'clock. Driv-
ing Horse*. Buegles. etc., at 246 Third street.
By E. Smith — Tuesday, April 29, at 11 o'clock. Fashion
Btables, at Stockton. Cai. ¦¦ . - ¦-.- ¦
AUCTION SAJLES. I
Alcazar — "The Two Escutcheons."
Columbia — "David Garrlck."
Orpheum — Vaudeville. . . 1
Grand Opera-house-^ "Cleopatra.-"-
Fischer's Theater — "Fiddle Dee Dee."
Recreation Park — Baseball to-day.
Oakland Racetrack— Races to-day.
California— "Captain Lettarblalr."
Tlvoli— "The Forttine Teller."
Central — "A Child of Fortune."
AMUSEMENTS.
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEATOTOWN FOB. THE SUMMER
Call subscribers contemplating » change il
realdence during the summer months can' have
their paper forwarded by mall (o their new
addresses hy notifying The Call Business Office:
This paper will also be on sale at . all summer
resorts and 1» represented hy a. local agent In
all tovraa «n tbe coast.
: ; ; \ '.( OOH'T MISS! THE; GREAT COMHT SECTION.
.What- 1. -Hope -to Be When 1
if^ . Fifteen toy* chosen at random from the
.-:.;:-.;, . public schools tell of their jay
Prize Winners in the Memory
===== Odd^cstions zmd Stran fl e
will begin a series of costume llllllCJS People Do at the
ISS^Si^Sy^^Z BWic-Rocm Window. \
Some Costvmcsol New York's =
widely known society; ladies.; '£ f owr Hundred.
LOOK FOR THE \VATERSPR»TE -. e . . ' _
V ¦ on.may foukth. Tnc 5 pnmmj wheel
; ;: • -•¦' • -•" - : By liluan russell,
~~~~~ .;:¦-::¦-" Experiences o! a Stagc-Struck
•¦ . - • -,. uuu . ... ,
Beauty Qvesl, Fashions and
See Pat and Heiny in New
Adventures.George Lohry was stabbed and fatally
wounded yesterday afternoon during a
fight in Carl Peterson's saloon at SOS
Howard street. Lohry quarreled with a
stranger named Lindy over a dice game
andthe latter, it is claimed, used a knife
stabbing Lohry in the left side. Lohry
was removed to the Emergency Hospital.
The Hospital surgeons say he cannot re
cover. Lindy has not been captured.
Fatally Wounded During a Fight
If satisfactory arrangements are com
pleted, four or five agents will be sent
from Tulare to prevail upon tourists -in
the citv to join the excursion.
Board of Trade Kepresentative in San
Francisco to Make Preliminary
Arrangements. V:
Charles J. Carle of Lindsay is In. San
Francisco representing the Tulare County
Board of Trade, to arrange for an ex
cursion to the citrus . region of Tulare.
The railroad has agreed to give a round
trip rate of one fare for an excursion to
leave San Francisco May 16. The excur
sionists will be kept at Tulare two days,
and teams and entertainment will be fur
nished. * •
EXCTJKSION IS PLANNED
TO TUXAKE CITRUS BELT
Limerick .booth of. the Irish Fair' gave
an "entertainment and ball last night at
Scottish. Hall on Larkin street. The af
fair was inlaid' of the booth' which the
Limerick people are to have'at the Irish
Fair. It was' -well attended and proved
a social and financial success.
Ldmerick Booth Entertainment.
A fire, caused by sparks from a chim
ney,'partly destroyed the bakery and resi
dence of ; George Harold, 2808 Twenty
fourth street, yesterday afternoon. The
upper story of the building was badly
damaged. The total loss is estimated at
$600, • which, however, is lowered by in
surance. • .
Sparks Causa a Fire.
United States Court Commissioner Hea
cock issued a warrant yesterday for the
arrest of Joseph Ray and Joseph Sadler,
charging them with breaking into the
postofflce at Red Bluff last Wednesday
with burglarious intent. ; The prisoners
are held by, the Tehama County authori
ties on a charge of burglary.
Fostof flee Burglar Caught.
Miss Charlotte Graeber gave her first
public . interpretation of ThackeraV's and
Dickens' works last night at Sherman &
Clay Hall. The young lady has an excel
lent-voice and brought out in a very ef
fective manner the humor and pathos of
the great English novelists. She dis
played excellent Judgment In making her
selections and her audience greatly ap
preciated the evening's entertainment.
Graeber Heading: Is Well Attended.
"But pleasing though the scenery is, the
valley contains .nothing more interesting
than the well-known Apollinarls Spring.
Visitors show great interest in watching
the bottling of the water with its own na
tural gas at the spring, from which it
has been supplied to all parts of the world
for over fifty years, and where over five
hundred of the neighboring villagers can
be seen at work on the many millions of
bottles for home and export consumption.
"Further along are seen romantic ruins
of castles looking down upon famous vine
yards and quaint old-fashioned villages, a
visit to which well repays the digression
from the beaten tracks of travel alone
the Rhine."
¦A correspondent of the London .Times
says: "The picturesque little town, of
Remagen-on-the-Rhine is , ; the starting
point of numberless pleasant excursions,
of which the one through the valley of
the Ahr is, perhaps, the most attractive.
A ! Wine and Water Country.
The Grand Jury yesterday took up the
case of Fred ' Hansted, charged with the
assaulting of T. Garrett. and examined
a number of witnesses. The further hear
ing of the case will be continued next
Tuesday afternoon. ;¦?-• - :
The case of Fred Hansted, charged with
an assault to do grievous bodily Injury
upon Thomas Garrett, was again called
in Judge Cabaniss' court yesterday. At
torney O'Connor asked for a continuance
till'to-day on the ground that Attorney
Peter. F. Dunne, who is to conduct the
prosecution, had not returned from L03
Angeles until Wednesday evening and
had not an opportunity to make himself
familiar with the facts in the case. He
reminded the Judge that the six days
allowed by the charter would not expire
till to-day; The continuance was granted
against the protest of Attorney Archie
Campbell for the defendant. - ¦ •
Attorney Dunne Is Not -Ready.
The supreme chancellor will address a
public meeting to-night in Occident Hall,
305 Larkin street.
E. . M. Johnson, supreme chancellor ¦ of
the order of United Moderns, who arrived
here a few days ago on a tour of inspec
tion of the lodges, visited San Francisco
and "California lodges in joint session last
night and witnessed the initiation of
seven strangers. He. then became the
guest of the lodges at a banquet given in
his honor in the Spreckels Cafe. Harr
Wagner was the toastmaster, and after
the supper he called upon Mayor Schmitz,
who . was present with Mrs. Schmitz, to
respond to "Our City." The Mayor spoke
of the good that is done* by such organi
zations as the United Moderns and then
welcomed the supreme chancellor to the
city, saying that he is one of those men
who help the world along and help the
widows and orphans in the hour of sad
dest need. State Organizer 8. C. Wallis
welcomed the supreme chancellor to the
banquet, after which the guest of honor
responded in fitting words and dwelt upon
the growth of the organization of which
he is the founder. Then followed these
toasts: "Above the Clouds." Charles M.
Wiggin; "Fraternity and the Fair Sex,"
B. W. Jakobs; "Fraternity and the Un
fair Sex," Mrs. S. C. Wallis; "United Mod
erns," R. L. Durham: "North and South,"
F. Cooke Caldwell; "California Lodge No.
165." A. C. Greenfield; "San Francisco
Lodge No. 133," J. H. Baker; "The Press,"
Ernest C. Stock.
dress "Welcoming the Distin
guished Visitor.
Mayor Schmitz Delivers a Short Ad-
"What 1 propose to do," said Judge
'Lindsey, "is to make the fee large enough
to make it worth an attorney's time to at
tend ' to the/ case and then I shall insist
upon a vigorous defense.
"In the past I have frequently In
structed the jury not to believe the plain
tiff when I was satisfied in my mind that
the testimony given was not all true and
to refuse the divorce. The court Is too
often imposed upon in these divorce cases
and it is a disgrace to humanity. -The
time of the court is taken up and people
are led to believe that all they . have to
do is to file .their bill and the court will
do the rest."
The court's plan has the approval of the
Bar Association and the Woman's Club
of Denver. •> ; l£*& ; i
UNITED MODEBNS HONOR
THEIR SUPREME CHANCELLOR
His plan is simple enough. The recog
nized fee of an attorney appointed for the
defense is $10.' Judge Lindsey proposes to
raise this fee to 550 or $100 and insist on a
vigorous defense. The. fee for the defend
ant's attorney is paid by the plaintiff,
who is glad to secure the divorce with
but little opposition.'
DENVER, April 25.— B. B. Lindsey.
Judge of the Arapahoe County Court, has
taken greatly to heart recent charges In
the press and pulpit that his court is a
"grist mill for the grinding out of default
divorces," and has hit on what he thinks
is an effective plan for defeating divorces
by collusion of the plaintiff and defend
at. ¦¦ ; :-/:i: : '.'-
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Proposes to Increase the Fee
of Attorney for De
fendant.
Colorado Judge Plans
to Prevent Collusion
in Future.
WOULD CHECK
DIVORCE EVIL
Tea consumed in England is subject to
a duty of 12 cents a pound. .
A feature of the performance was 'the
part of: Peek-Boo, one of the three little
maids, taken by Miss Mlsa Sakl, a Japan
ese, girl, who was robed In a gorgeous
Japanese costume. This is said to be the
first time this : role was ever taken by a
native of the Mikado's realm. .. "¦. ¦.
Miss Agatha Cummings as Katisha and
Charles Williams as JCo-Ko were
stars of the performance and they han
dled their parts with the. skill of profes
sionals. J The cast in full was:
The Mikado ..Elma Chase
Nankl Poo. Wallace Avery
Ko-Ko .-....¦.......¦•.••......Charles Williams
Pooh Bah. . : '. . . . J. M. Reynolds
Pish . Tush. .Robert Syer
Yum-Tum. ;.....: Mrs. Weaver, McCauley
Plttl - Slngr. ......:. Miss Alice McMillin
Peek-Boo. • • • ... .'.";. Miss Mlsa Saki
(Three Little Maids.)
Three Little Attendants. ........
. . ; . . ."...'. ;..:..:: '.".Miss Roberta Laughlln
.Miss Loyola Menslng
. • ............ . .Miss Rita Cauhape
Katlska. . ............'. .Miss Agatha Cumiolngs
Attendant to* Mikado. ..... . .Selwyn Shrimplln
.Wilbur ¦. McCall I was musical director
and Mrs J Romayne J Hunklns accompanist.
The staging • of , the play • was under the
direction s. of , Charles Williams and the
elaborateness of its 'details' was never. be
fore "equaled, in. this city. '
SAN. JOSE, April 25.— "The Mikado"
was presented in Victory | Theater this
evening by the San Jose Oratorio Society
before one of' the largest and most fash
ionable audiences 'that "has \ ever i gathered
In that playhouse. .Society ladles and
gentlemen essayed the parts and society
was out in force to greet them. The opera
was ' elaborately staged and . costumed and
the acting and singing surpassed that of
many professional companies. y
Special Dispatch to The Call.
i Student Cutter, to-night positively iden
tified Palunco as the man who • struck
McDonald. \ Palunco was picked out ' from
among a dozen prisoners.
An autopsy showed that a hemorrhage
of the brain was the probable cause of
death. The young man's body was taken
to San Francisco, where his family re
sides,' for burial, but Sheriff Langford
has ordered the body held and another ex
amination will be made. It is ¦ believed
that McDonald's I neck may have been
broken. - .
Palunco has not yet been arraigned, but
he probably will be charged: with man
slaughter. He '.is. now .-In Jail. • Palunco
refuses to discuss the affair . further than
to sav that 'he. knows, nothing ! about it. ¦
According to evidence now in the hands
of the Sheriff, McDonald, who was wait-
Ing for a streetcar to -Santa Clara, had
stepped into an adjoining hallway. He
and Palunco had some words ¦ and , the
hackman struck McDonald on the point
of the chin." McDonald fell like. a log, his
head striking the sidewalk 'heavily. . "W.
J. Cutter, a student at Santa Clara Col
lege, and several others witnessed the
altercation.
SAN JOSE, April 25.— Nick Palunco. a
hackman, was arrested early this morn
ing by Sheriff Langford on suspicion of
having been connected with the death
of Archie McDonald, who was found. In a
dying condition on the street late Tues
day night. McDonald was picked up in
front of the hack office on West Santa
Clara street, where Paiunco is , employed
as a driver. Later the man expired Jn
the police station, whither he was taken
because it was supposed he was \ Intoxi
cated.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Takes Part of Peek : Boo
in "The" Mikado" at
San Jose.
Hackman Is Accused
» of Killing Archie
McDonald.
JAPANESE MAID
IN NATIVE ROLE
Mrs. Gertrude Atherton, the writer, is
visiting old friends in the city. She is at
present being entertained .by Mr. and Mrs.
Ashton Stevens/ . ¦
Miss Clara' Huntinjjton, the bride-elect,
was guest of honor at a pretty luncheon
given on Thursday by Mrs. Herbert Mof
fitt." Twelve of Miss Huntlngton's friends
comprised the guests. •
Mrs.- Spencer E. Slade gave a delightful
house party at her Menlo Park home last
Wednesday evening. Sixteen young peo
ple from San Francisco comprised the
guests; and they .. thoroughly enjoyed the
entertainment arranged in their horirJr.
They returned to the city the following
day.
Miss Dora gcofleld was hostess at a
luncheon at the Palace grill on Thursday,
complimentary to Miss Daniels of Ala
meda. The guests comprised: Mrs. Ed
win P. Porter, Mrs. C. O. Flint, Miss An
nie Flint. Miss Bates. Miss Crowley, Miss
Crook, Mrs. T. W. Eaton and Miss Har
hurst. '.¦¦•. .." ¦
Robert . Van ! . Sant, Duncan Davis, Paul
Yost and Kennett Heron.
LEADER OF THE ' GERMAN
AT THE ENTRE NOUS CO
TILLON.
DEATH FOLLOWS
BLOW ON CHIN
The Delta Chapter of Theta Chi of the
Jewell High School gave a large cotillon
last evening at Golden Gate Hall. More
than 350 guests were present to enjoy the
informal dance and the scene was a bril
liant one. The hall was decorated in
foliage and Japanese lanterns. Over the
stage were the Greek letters of the fra
ternity, forming: a monogram In gilt let
ters, with electric lights. Good music was
as much 'a feature as ; prettily gowned
maidens. Refreshments were served dur
ing the evening. -
The gentlemen who gave the delightful
dance and are active members of tho
chapter comprise: W. A. Forbes, George
Mlddletoij, Mead Hamilton, Warfleld Kerr,
Messrs. William J. Haase. Otto F. Schiller,
Dr. A. T. Derby, Reuben Haas, Wesley Claw
eon, Dr. J. W. Key, Herman H. Herzer, Mer
ritt, D. Robison, Fred Cellarius. H. C. Sage
horn, Philip Heuer. Philip Eisenmdtnn, Dave
W. Wise, William F. Hooke, Edgar -W. Gor
don, Louis Haven,. William B. Stadtfeld, D. T.
Berry, Walter H. Robinson, J. B. Adams. E.
J. Breiling, Alton A. Dayton, Harry A. Saxe,
David Selby, Paul Westerfeld, Dr. W. A. Ellis,
Percy C. Windham. Samuel . O. Stanyan, Al
phonse Sutter, George P. Fuller, Joseph B.
Duggan. Dr. Calvin W. Knowles, Frank ¦ Rob-
Jnsori, Ernest . Brand Jr., Acton Haven, Dr.
Edward Keeffe, James T. Ludlow, Arthur
Meussdorffer. Henry Lassen, M. E. Gaines.
¦
THE assembly and german of the
Entre Nous Cotillon closed its
twelfth season quite brilliantly at
the Palace Hotel last evening.
Six pretty and original figures of
the cotillon were danced under the leader
ship of Sanford G. Lewald, assisted by his
partner. Miss Pauline Ryder. Many hand
somely 'gowned ladies added beauty ¦ to
the scene. The club has had a member
ship of seventy-five couples and the five
germans given have all been thoroughly
enjoyable affairs. Each evening has had
its own individual share of originality and
effectiveness and the directors in charge
during the past season deserve credit for
their devotion to the success and pros
perity of the club. _ Early next winter the
Entre Nous"~will reorganize for its thir
teenth season. The following participated
in the leading set:
Misses Lillian Brellng. Pearl Haas, Ethel
Way, Linda Priber. Gladys Debzelle. Mae F.
Keeffe, Virginia M. Potter. Doris Heuer. Ethel
Boyd. Ida Purlenky. Elizabeth Baker, Flor
ence Frlsbee, Evelyn Sresovlch, Josephine
Jones. Mae Nolan, Alvlna Elsenmann, Posey
McGrath, Lillian Dunbar, Maerae Gladding,
Lillian Lubben. Belle Herzer, Sadie Ludlow,
Kdlth Stadtfeld,. Lillian Smith, Alma Schroe
der, • Edna Sullivan, Gertrude Coleman, Mabel
Kergan, Lillian Curley, Irene Meusdorffer. .
PHOENIX CLUB HOLDS
ANNUAL LADIES' NIGHT
Members Prove Clever Entertainers
_. and Bender an Attractive
Programme.
The second annual ladies' night of the
Phoenix Athletic Club given in IJjiion
pquare Hall last evening proved a delight
ful affair. The hall was crowded and the
young men of the club conducted them
selves as hosts in a most commendable
manner. A very entertaining programme,
including many comical numbers, was
rendered. It was as follows:
Selection, orchestra: opening chorus, club
plee: address of wcicom#, G. Marshall Dill:
vocal solo. F. C. Holling: one-act comedietta.
"The Lunatic" — Willie Steele, Edward Baron;
Jcneriska Haesambad. Charles Rosen thai:
Musby Burps. Keith Deane. Instrumental
solo, R. Bolander; selection, club quartet: duet,
instrumental. E. Kleversahl and R. Schmidt;
vocal solo; A. Katschinski; blackened glove
bout, George Brasch and F. Ccst; vocal solo.
H. Murch: instrumental selection. W. Papst;
closing chorus, club glee; dancing.
CONVICTED OF PETTY LARCENY. — John
Kennedy was tried before a Jury in Judge
Dunne's court yesterday on a charge of rob
bery and a verdict of petty larceny was re
turned. Kennedy was accused of holding up
W. H. Cowan on the Barbary Coast and steal
ing $4 45 and a gold-filled watch from him.
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL., SATUBDAY, XPRIL 26, 1902.
ENTRE NOUS COTILLON
CLOSES TWELFTH SEASON
Delta Chapter of. ThetaGhi of^Lowell High
School Gives Enjoyable" panee.; to Its
Many Friends at Golden . Gate Hall
7
OCEAN TRAVEL.
TOYOKMKAKHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARP. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.»
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling a«
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and con*
nectin? at Hongkong with steamers for India.
etc No cargo received on board on day o£
sailing.
SS. NIPPON MARU Friday. May Oth. 1903
SS. AMERICA MARU
Wednesday. Jun» 4th. IMS
ES. HONGKONG MARU -
....Saturday. Juna 2Sth. 1909
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. Fob
freight and passage apply at company's offlca,
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Arrat.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And Gia Sud Americana da Vapores
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard S. pier 10, 12 m.
GUATEMALAi.May lOfCOLOMBIA. ...June ZX
PALENA......May 81JTUCAPEL July —
These steamers ar« built expressly for Cen-*
tral and South American passenger service.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
end passenger office. 316 California street. - i
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO.. Gen. Agents.'
oceafflcs.s.co,s°»™£
V»»UIMVViV»VVa CIRECHINETOTAKITU
SS. SONOMA, for Honolulu. Samoa, Auck-
. land and Sydney.. Thurs., May 1. 10 a. ra_
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti .
Sunday. May 4. 10 a. ta.
SS. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu
Saturday. May 10. 2 p. m.
J. E. SFRICKILS & BIOS. CO., GSHSral 123.. 329 mm
Gei'IPass. dee. 643 Maftet SL, Plsr»o. 7. Pacils St.
PANAMA B. R.
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
Cabin. $105: Ste«rage. $40; Meals FredT
S. S. Argyll Sails Thursday, May 1
S. S. Leelanaw.. Sails Saturday, May 10
From Howard-street Wharf. Pier 10, at 2 p. m,
Freight and Passenger Office. 330 Market st»
. ¦ F. F. COJfNOR. Paclflo Coast Agsnt.
COJIPAQMS 6S3Z2ALS TRANSATLASTIQUS.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRS-PARI9. NetW
Eatl Ins every Thursday, Instead or •^ffijRjJa
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from pier 42, '""*¦
North River, foot of Mcrton street.
First class to Havre. $70 and upward. Second
class to Havre, $45 and upward. GENERAL.
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson building). New
York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Pacific Coast
Agents -6 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
AMISHICA?! IilXE.
NEW YORK. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON.
St.Louls.Apr. .10. JO am: St. Paul.Maj 14, 10 am
Phlladel.May 7. 10 am St.Louis.May 21. 10 am
RED STAR LINE.
NEW YORK. ANTWERP. PARIS.
Zealand. .Apr. 30, noonlSouthwrk-May 14. ncoa
FrleslaJtd..May ". noonlVaderUnd-MayJM. noon
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO...
CHAS. D. TAYLOR.G.A.P.C..3U Montgom'y st.
BAY AND BIVEB STEAMEBi
FoFiTirSJFlfA^^
Steamere . GEH. FRISBIE or MOSTICELLO
9:45 ii. m., 3:13 and S:3O p. m.. except Sun-
day. Sunday, 9:43 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leave*
Vallejo 7 a. m.. 12:30 noon, 8 p. m., except
Sunday. Sunday, 7 a. m., 4:15 p. m. Fare 3*
cents. Telephone : Main . 1503. Landing and
office, pier 2. Ml»lon-atr««t dock. HATCH
BROS. . . ;_..._
SENATOR %HS5 I
VALENCIA .... ..JUNE 7
And fortnightly thereafter during the season.
Steamships CITY OF PUEBLA and QUEEN,
leaving Baa Francisco May 26 and Mar 31 r»-
•pectlvely, connect with above steamers. Th»
new and , elegant steamships S«nator and Va-
lencia made regular trips to Nome last year.
landing all passengers and freight without loss,
mishap or delay. For passenger rates and Norn*
folder apply Ticket Office, 4 New Montgom-
ery street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
LEAVE SEATTLE.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
OCEA1T TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
Steamers leave Broadway
Kat^, Wharf, San • Francisco :
IJpSTCSt For Ketchikan, Juneaa.
K&S£bf2&~ h Skagway. etc.. Alaika— 11 a.
; iSjJCiS VA« Change to company's steam-
I MM$r^W. ers at Seattle.
.' r* SK^&$&&* For Victoria, Vancouver.
*^ Port Townsend. Seattl*. Ta-
. .^»»^^ coma Everett. New What-
.rsTat^ S 7^ im^s^^imS^fr
t V N or Vreik (Humboldt Bay)-l:30 p. a.,
AP F F or T 'W? Port h» An*el« «i
JuSSLto)? S.n g Dle g o and SanU Barbara-Spo-
(via Port Harford). Ventura. Hueneme and
•Newport ('Santa Cnw only). '
r/wi« R«t 0 a. m., April 12. 20, 28, May C
2 Vor Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jow del
Cabo! Mazatlan. Altata. La Pa*. Santa Rosa-
MttJuaymas <Mex.)— 10 a. m.. 7th each month.
For further Information obtain folder.
Right Is reserved to chance steamers or sall-
'"tICT^P-T mrPTCE— * New Montgomery
8t GOoSeLL?P H E °HKiNS * CO.. Gen. Ajent.
. 10 Market St.. San Franclsoo.
ONLY STEAMSHIP LINE TO
< 'PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Line -From Portland to All
Points East. Through Tickets to All
Points, all Rail or Steamship and Rail, at
¦ IiOWTBST KA.TJBI3.
Steamer Tickets Include Berth and Meals.
SS. COLUMBIA Sails.. May 3, 13. . 23, June 2
SS GEO. W. ELDER Sails.. : .' .
April 28. May 5. 18. 28
Steamer sails from foot of Spear St.. 11 a. m.
D. "W. HITCHCOCK. Gen. Agt., 1 Mong'y, S. F.
O. /?. A-.JV..--CO,
AMUSEMENTS.
Belasco & Thall. Managers.
MATINEE TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW.
TO-XIGHT AND SUNDAY— LAST NIGHTS,
Sydney Rosenfeld's Beautiful Comedy
THE TWO
The Richest Kind of High Class Comedy.
SPARKLING AVITH WIT.
BRIMFUL OF HUMOR.
.PRICF.S ;...15c. 25c, 35c> 50c. - 75c
Next Week— "TK5. LASH OF THE WHIP."
EVENINGS AT 8 SHARP.
MATINEE TO-DAY AT 2 SHARP.
LAUGH AND BE HAPPY.
CALL ON
THE FORTUNE
TELLER.
POPULAR PRICES— 25c. 50c, 75c
Telephone Bush 9. ¦
¦ ' Powell St.. near Market.
MATINEE TO-DAY.
MR. K. S. AA/ILCARO.
Last Time of T. TV. Robertson's
DftVID GaRfv\CK.
To-night. J. M. Barrie's Comedy - '¦
"THcPHOFbSSQR'S LOVE STORY."
"THE PROFESSOR'S LOVE STORY." '
Beginning' NEXT MONDAY
SEATS SELLING.
MR. N. C. J;. ;-.-.- MISS MAXINE
GOODWIN ELLIOTT
In their greatest American and London Success
"WHEN WE WERE TWENTY-ONE." '
PRICES $2. »1.50. *\. 75c. 50c anfl 25c
FAREWELL SARDOU REVIVALS
TO-DAY— MATINEE AND EVENING
" CLEOF*ATJRA."
TO-MORROW— MATINEE AND EVENING
"LA TOSC A."
Week Beginning MONDAY EVENING NEXT
EDWARD HARRiGAN
America's Greatest Author-Actor
In Mr. Harrigan'a Celebrated Play
" OLD LA VENDER."
POPULAR PRICES. 10c, 15c. 25c. 50c 75c
Good Orchestra Seats All Matinees 25e
; — « — ; — , — : —
|j§|||^ RACING
jS3r**~ ssuei *r* Every Woo k Day—
) ':¦'-;¦ Rain or Shine.
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Races start at 2:15 d. m. sharp
Ferry-boat leaves Sz.n Francisco at 12 m mn
12:30, 1. 1:30. 2, 2:30 and 3 p. m.. con£ec*S£
with trains stopping at the entrance to t h
track. Last two cars on train reserved t o %
ladies and their escorts; no smoking -Buv vnii*
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains vil
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenut
electric" cars at Seventh and Broadway Oaic
land. Also all trains via Alameda mole con*
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
and Broadway. Oakland. These electric ca«
go direct to the track In fifteen • minutes
Returning — Trains leave the track at 4-15
and 4 :45 p. m. and Immediately after the last
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR., President
CHARLES F. PRICE. Secy, and Mgr. . ->
BASEBALL.
CALIFORNIA LEAGUE GAMES.
THURSDAY. FRIDAY AND SATURDAY
3:15 P. M. . . '
SUNDAY, 2:30 P. M. ...
OAKLAND ¥S. SACRAMENTO.
RECREATION PARK.
. . Eiphth «nd Harrison sts.
Advance Sale of Seats. 6 Stockton ft.
TWIX-SCBEW - EXPRESS SERVICE.
. PLYMOUTH— CHERBOURG— HAMBURG. .
Columbia ......May. '8JA. .Victoria.... May 22
Deutschland ...May 15IF. Bismarck May 25
TWIN-SCREW K\SSE\GER SERVICE
PLYMOUTH— CHERBOURG— HAMBURG. '
Moltke .....:. '.May. SlWaldersee ....;May 20
Patricia .......May 13|Pennsylvanla ..May 27
Hamburg-American Line. 37 B'way, IN. Y;
- HERZOG &CO., General Agents for Pacific
Coast, 401 California St., San Francisco.
0amburg~jfrmerican.
is not only the best soap
for toilet and bath but also
for shaving. Pears was
the inventor of shaving-
stick soap.
Established over loo yean.
MISCELLANEOUS.
Tft . .
• ••• 1U> ¦ > •
Big Furnitvre Exposition Building,
COB.. 16th; AND MISSION STREETS.
Our automobiles and private
carriages are at the disposal of in-
tending purchasers during the strike.
1 Telephone Exchange 604.
Carpets, Furniture, Draperies, Wood Mantels.
AMUSEMENTS.
MATINEE TO-DAT. SATURDAY. April 26.
Parquet, any seat. 25c; Balcony. 10c; Chil-
dren, any part except reserved,. 10c.
fashionablTvaudevillei
Milton and Dollie Nobles; Wilton
Brothers; Knight Brothers, and ;
the Pony Ballet- Last times of
Sam, Kittie and Clara Morton;
Tom Almond, and the Fetching
Brothers.
DON'T MISS
THE B I 0 G R A P H , ¦
SHOWING A TBIP TO THE YO-
SEMITE AND PRINCE HENRY
AT WEST POINT.
LAST 2 TIMES.
MATINEE TO-DAY.
TO-NIGHT.
MR. JAMES NEILL
and the Neill Company.
Presenting " . .
CAPTAIN LETTARBLAIR.
' SPECIAL MATINEE EVERY THURSDAY, j
SEATS READY.
TO-MORROW EVENING— First Time in This
• -•; City,
"THE STARBUCKS."^
By OpJe Read.
SEATS READY.
MATINEE TO-DAY AND TO-MORROTV.
TO-NIGHT AND SUNDAY — LAST NIGHTS.
A CHILD OF
FORTUNE.
Emotional Scenes! • Rollicking Humor! ,
I uM( 1 C Evening's 10c to 50c
IKIWLJ Matinees 10c, 15c. 25c
ICext Monday — Most Gorgeous Spectacular
Melodrama Ever Seen in This City,
"SLAVES OF THE ORIENT."
J FISCH ER'S THEATER
O'Farrell. bet. Stockton and Powell, eta.
Telephone Main 231.
THIRD ~~~T MATINEE
POPULAR . I TO-DAY.
'FIDDLE DEE DEE"
DRAWS THE BON TON OF THE WHOLE
CITT. '*.
Come and See the Hout=e This Afternoon.
Children This Afternoon. 10c; Everybody
Eire, 25c.
25c and 50c at Nlfht.
Matine* to-morrow (Sunday). Don't mind
walking. Everbody comes miles to have a good
laugh. The beef show on earth.
AERO CLUB
Of Ean Francisco,
SHERMAN A CLAY HALL. 223 Sutter Street.
MONDAY. April 28th. 8 p. m.
An Excellent Programme Will Be Presented.
Airehlp in Operation on the Stage.
SINGLE TICKETS, 50c.
Tickets Admitting Two, With One Share of
Stock. $1. :
Pill *X HP Desirable location,
IdluWW unsurpassed cuisine,
unequaled ser- y
nrtA vice and modern
dill* conveniences are the
attributes that have
fjf'nrtfi made these two ho-
viiUliU tcls popular with
tourists -and travel-
nAfAIC ers w hb visit San
llUlClJ Francisco.
• - ¦ ' ¦ ¦¦ ¦ ¦ • ¦ . •- • . .•-.••
ADVERTISEMENTS. * _'^~'
Grand-Niece of Ex-President James
K. Polk, Writes to Mrs. Pinkham.
— — i
Thankful for Health Restored hy Lydia E. Pinkham f 3
Vegetahle .Oompoiind.
Did you ever stop to realize what keen satisfaction one experiences -when
we find that some kind and helpful thing, we have done for some one else has
been sincerely appreciated ! At such times, how truly we understand the ex-
pression " it is more blessed to gire than to receive." , ,L r^.l .!;¦
Think, therefore', of the pleasure and genuine satisfaction Mrs. Finkham
experiences when such letters come to her as the one from Mrs. Roser which
we are herewith permitted to publish.
Think what it means to her ; it means first, that one more lovely woman
has been relieved from sickness and distress through her assistance ; it means
second, that this woman who is cured is so grateful that she wants other
women in the land to know of it ; and it means lastly, that Mrs. Pinkham's
claims for Ijydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound are fully sub-
stantiated by testimony of such high character that every woman who reads
this must believe and hope. -"¦>
To be appreciated is a great pleasure, but to bring peace and happiness to
the suffering is heavenly. Such is the mission of Mrs. Pinkham, and such a
letter as the following proves her success 1
MRS. IDA L. ROSER, 326 & 18th Arc, Denver, CoL
Grand-ci«-c« of ex-President James K. Polk, and Assistant Grand Secretary of
• Colorado, Wyoming, and New Mexico Independent Order
.of Good Templars.
"Deah Mrs. Pinkham — I have been married for nearly two years,
and so far have not been blessed -with a child. I have, however, suf-
fered with a complication of female troubles and painful menstruation,
until very recently. V? « • ..>.-•
" The value of L.ydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound was
called to my attention by an intimate friend, whose life had simply been
a torture with inflammation and laceration, and a few bottles of your
Compound cured her: she can hardly believe it herself today, she en-
joys such blessed health. I took four bottles of your Compound and
consider myself cured., I am once more in fine health and spirits ; my
domestic and official duties all seem easy now, for I feel sa strong I can
do three times what I used to do. You have a host of friends in Den-
ver, and among the best count, Yours very gratefully,— Mks. Ida L.
Roser, 326 18th Ave., Denver, Col."
> 5* "When a medicine lias been successful in restoring? to health
SO many women whose testimony is so unquestionable, you cannot
well say, -without trying/ it, "I do not believe it .will help me." If
you are ill, don't hesitate to get a bottle of Lydia E. Pinkham's
Vegetable Compound at once, and write Mrs. Pinldiam, Lynn,
Mass., for special advice — it is free and always helpful.
A 1" A ft t% REWARD. — We have deposited with the National City Bank of Lynn. $3000. I
I'l&IISJBaH which will be paid to any person who can find that the above testimonial letter I
t fll 3Bi'''h"h ls not genuine, or was published before obt*tninar the writer's special per- I
wWVvV mfssion.. . I,ydla E. finkham Medicine Co.. Lynn. Slas*.OMAHA, Neb., April 25.— J. A. R. El
liott to-day won from W. R. Crosby of
O'Fallon, "III., the 100 live bird race by a
score of 97 to 91, and thus retains the
cast-iron medal. A sheet of dust was
blowing across the park, making the
work difficult.
Elliott Wins at Omaha.
Hewitt is a well-known capitalist and
was at one time the president of the
Board of Delegates, which is the lower
house of the city legislature. He was
once the husband of the woman whom he
is now accused of stealing from the
plaintiff. Fickus is a steamboat engineer
and is employed on one of the California
Navigation and Improvement Company's
boats, plying between San Francisco and
Stockton. He has not lived in San Diego
since 1897, that being the year of his al
leged domestic troubles. . Hewitt has lived
here until recently and' Is the owner of,
much property in this city. Mrs. Fickus,
who was formerly Mrs. Hewitt, is propri
etress of the Albion lodging-house, .which
was deeded to her by Hewitt at the time
of their separation. . '
Th« complaint recites that P. J. Fickus
and Catherine T. Fickus were married on
December 22, 1895, and that she continued
to be his wife until June, 1900, the date
of their divorce. Fickus being an engi
neer, his duties called him away Irom
home much of the time. In December,
1897, he left San Diego for San Francisco
and Sacramento. Soon after his arrival
there, the complaint alleges, he received
a letter from Mrs. Fickus saying that he
need not send her any more money, as
she had all she needed, and upon these
representations he stopped sending ner
money. The charge is made that in the
months of January, February, March.
April and May, 1900, Hewitt promised
Mrs Fickus that if she would procure a
divorce from the plaintiff he would give
her $20 a month for her use; that he
would provide her with a horse* and bug
gy; that in his will he would bequeath
to her one-fourth of his estate, and that
he would bequeath the remainder to the
two children born of their marriage. It
is said that the Hewitt estate in San
Diego city and county is worth ?65,0w. it
is set forth in the complaint that Hewitt
threatened to disinherit the children if
she did no get the divorce from the plain-
The divorce was granted in June, 1900.
The plaintiff says that the reason he did
not bring suit before was that he has but
recently learned of the facts as contained
in the complaint. Hewitt is now a resi
dent of Los Angeles and the case will be
taken to that city on a change of venue.
SAN DIEGO, April 25.— P. J. Fickus has
brought suit in ¦ the Superior Court
against D. H. Hewitt for damages in the
sum of $20,000 for the alienation of his
wife's affections.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Both Men Former Husbands
of the Woman in
the Case.
Steamer Engineer/ Sues
San Diego Man for
Damages.
SETS A VALUE
ON WIFE'S LOVE
BEAR FLAGS AND GRAND PARLOR EMBLEMS
BRIGHTEN THOROUGHFARES OF SANTA CRUZ
Seaside Citv, Resplendent in the Native Sons' Colors^ Is Ready With Abundant Hos
• pitality to Greet the Delegates and Provide for Their Entertainment.
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 26, 1902.
Continued From Page Five.
AWARD FAVORS MAN,
JURY OF THE BENCH SHOW JUDGES MAKE IMPORTANT AWARDS.
There are about 900,000 more women
than men in the German empire.
Sugar Company Incorporates.
SAN JOSE, J April. 25.— The Alameda
Sugar Company, which; it is said, will
watch. He said that on undressing to go
to bed he discovered that he had put on
his vest under his shirt and had been
wearing it in that position all day, with
the watch in the pocket as usual. .
LOS ANGELES, April 25.— J. R. Craw
ford, the English actor and a companion
of Nat Goodwin, called at the detectives'
office yesterday to report a robbery. He
said he had just arrived in Los Angeles
and gone to a hotel, where he had taken a
bath. When he left the bathroom he
missed his waistcoat, containing a watch
and chain. He was positive that he had
not left the hotel before discovering his
loss,- nor had he gone to any other place
than his own room.
Last evening a telephone message was
received at the station, asking that an
officer come to the hotel at once. After
begging the officer not to tell the story-
Crawford admitted that he had found his
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ABSENT-MINDED
ACTOR'S SCARE
Special Dispatch to The Call,
FRESNO, April 25.— Dr. George Ed
wards, one of the best known livery men
and veterinaries in Fresno, was convicted
this afternoon of an attack on a 14-year
old girl. His trial took place in Judge
Austin's court and lasted five days. The
Jury arrived at Its verdict in just eleven
minutes.
Edwards, whose real name is Mathews,
was arrested as the result of some clever
work on the part of the Fresno Police De
partment. Several months ago two little
girls, both under 14, ran away from home
and upon being brought back made start
ling revelations to the police. From hints
gained from them. Jesse Howard, a candy
etore keeper, was arrested and convicted.
The police had already begun to watch
Edwards, and one night they were re- ,
warded by seeing two little girls drive up
in a buggy to his stable, one of them
petting out, and the other driving around
to a nearby stable, where she left the
rig and then returned. Both of the girls
were in the stable for some time, going
thence to a lodging-house. There the of
ficers arrested them and gained a com
plete confession, implicating Edwards.
The latter was arrested. Officer McDon
ald was detailed on the case by Chief
Morgan, and he wove a net around Ed
wards from which -escape 'was impossible.
The horse doctor ¦ had considerable prop
erty, which he had converted into cash
for his ball and was contemplating flight.
McDonald learned of this and -tie evi
dence of it was introduced in the trial.
Edwards had already procured hair dye
to disguise himself, but he remained in
Kresno on the advice of his attorney.
The victim of Edwards' crime was Mary
Kuhn. aged 14 years. She told her story
on the stand in a simple, straightorward
way. The defense put on but a few wit
nesses, simply trying to prove that the
character of the girl was bad and that
Edwards had frequently told her to stay
awa.y from his barn. Edwards did not
testify.
An effort probably will be made to ob
tain a new trial.
CHAIRMEN OF SANTA CRUiJ COM
MITTEES THAT. HAVE PRE
PARED FOR GRAND PARLOR.
Kiuchi talked with those about him up
to the last. Fifteen minutes before his
death he told his nurse that he felt bet
ter. He seemed, however, to realize that
his end might be near, for he asked his
countrymen to ship his body to hia par
ents in Japan In case of death.
Dr. Brown, acting as coroner, retained
the heart, and will preserve it, to show
hew it is possible for man to survive, at
least for one day, with a great gaping
hole through his heart.
TACOMA, April 25.-S. Kiuchi, a young
Japanese shot on . Wednesday night in a
disreputable resort, died in the Fannie
Paddock Hospital last night. A post mor
tem examination revealed the fact that
the bullet in Kiuchi's breast had passed
completely through hla heart, tearing a
weund nearly three inches in length
through the heart muscles. Three physi
cians who conducted the autopsy were
astounded when their examination had
reached a point where the heart was re
vealed. The bullet had entered the breast
between the third and fourth ribs and
penetrated the heart and left lung. -
The great hole In the heart was through
the muscles near the left ventricle, none
of the chambers of the vital organ having
been penetrated. Ordinarily death must
have ensued instantly, "or within a very
few minutes, from a wound of the char
acter of that Inflicted upon Kiuchi, yet
the young Japanese lived almost twenty
two hours, was conscious most of the
time, and conversed freely with his at
tendants and with callers of his own na
tivity.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WOUNDED HEART
BEATS FOR A DAY
JURY DECLARES
EDWARDS GUILTY
vals, for a distance of a mile, strings of
them — red, white, blue and gold— stretch
across the street. Every one hundred feet
there is a monster bear flag of the Cali
fornia Republic. The merchants have be
crme imbued with the spirit of the occa
sion and have decked the fronts of their
buildings with the popular colors. By to
morrow every business block on the ave
nue will be hidden beneath folds of bunt-
Ing. . x
San Francisco experts to-day com
menced the work of decorating the halls.
Thfe headquarters of t>ie Native Sons dur
ing Grand Parlor week will be in the ele
gant clubrooins of the local parlor. The
decorations are profuse. Extending the
entire distance around the walls of the
rooms are folds of red bunting, draped
with -arti6tic taste and caught up with
rosettes. From the center of the ceiling
to the side walls are streamers of blue,
white and, yellow. Bear flags and bear
shields add to the picturesqueness of the
scene.
At the Ocean House hall, where the pub
lic reception will be held, the side walls
plant a large acreage to beets In this
county, filed its articles of incorporation,
v/ith a capital of $250,000, with County
Clerk Pflster to-day. L-. C. Marshutz, W.
F. Mau, T. G. Cantrell, E. C. Burr and
J. N. Browning are named as directors.
These are all capitalists of San Francisco,
•who have combined to enter upon the
manufacture of beet . sugar. San Fran
cisco is to be the principal place of busi
ness. , . ".-. ~ •. . , . '
to Gardner's body. Gardner seemed to be
slowing up. somewhat after the fast pace, but
still did the moat effective work at the end. oX
The seventeenth round was a repetition of
this, Walcott being the aggressor at the early
part, while Gardner was much the better at
the finish. The round ended in a sensational
slugging match. -,''.'". • • . »,_
Gardner landed right and left early In the
eighteenth and took a right and left to the
body in return. This round also ended In a
S "valcott lifted Gardner off his feet again in
the nineteenth. Gardner tried to stand him
off- but it seemed Impossible, the little colored
boxer going at a great pace. A left to the
body seemed to hurt Gardner considerably.
Both men took a lot of punishment.
The twentieth round was one of the most
sensational over seen in this city. The two
boxers went at each other like battering-rams.
There was no attempt at guarding,- each man
taking a chance of landing a blow that would
turn the tide of battle In his favor. Gardner
proved the more effective of the two and landed
right and left swings to the head and body in
rapid succession. One of these sent Walcott to
his knees and Gardner in the excitement of the
moment struck him in- the face while the col- i
ored man was In this position. As the blow
was obviously accidental and did no material
damage Referee Smith took no notice of it.
The bell sounded the end of the contest with
Walcott in ' distress after the terrible punish
ment he had received in the last round. The
referee pointed to Gardner at once. Walcott
seemed disheartened and tried to argue with
the referee, but Lieutenant of Police Anderson
and his men entered the ring and cleared it.
_ Preliminaries Are Fast.
Robbie Johnson stopped Willie Bourne
in the first round of their fight. Johnson
was the aggressor and showed a clever
left. He landed It three times on Bourne's
jaw. After they had been at it something
more than two minutes Johnson landed a
left rip to the stomach, which apparently
put' Bourne out of commission. His exit
was theatrical, leading 1 the spectators to
think he was not a3 hard hit as he ap
peared.
Jack Kane and Jack Dean started pro
ceedings at so fast a pace that it seemed
the end must come in the first round.
Kane had all the better of this round.
Dean took a hard punching, Ertan
was knocked down In the third,
taking eight seconds. In the early part
of the eighth Kane never gave his oppo
nent a rest, although he took some hard
rights and lefts to the head In return.
At the beginning of the tenth round
Referee Smith warned' them that it was
anybody's fight. Dean showed best in
the early part of the round, while Kane
was best at the wind-up. It was called a
draw, about the only thing the referee
could do.
Continued From Page Five.
Silver medal for best limit bitch — Won by
Plumeria Cocker Kennels' Plumeria Portia.
Silver medal for best open dog— Won by Mrs.
W. C. Ralston's Hampton Promise.
Silver medal for best open bitch — Won by
Mrs. W. C. Ralston's ch. Princess. Fiavla.
Silver club rriedal for best dog — Won by Plu
merla Cocker Kennels' Hampton Goldie.
Silver club medul for beot bitch — Won by
Wumeria Cocker Kennels' Plumeria Surprise.
¦ silver medal for beet puppy bitch — Won by
Mrs. W. C. Ralston' s Delverton Tiny.
Silver medal for best novice deg — Won by
J. H. Dorian's Plumeria.
Silver medal for best novice bitch — Wen by
Mrs. W. C. RaJston's Delverton Tiny.
Silver medal for best limit bitch — Won by
Plumeria Cocker Kennels.' Plumeria Surprise.
Ellver medal for best open dog — Won by Plu
meria Cocker Kennels' Hampton Goldie.
Silver medal for best open bitch — Won bj
Mrs. W. C. Raieton's Little Dorrit.
Best kennel— Mra. Ralston' ».
COLLIES. /,':
Palace Hotel silver cup for best cotlle — Won
Sixty' United States naval vessels are
now ( being constructed. ; ,• . •.
¦'- ' - <r . • ' ¦ ¦ . ¦¦.. '
plon Ivel Rustic and Beaumaris Fortune; third,'
Irving C. Ackeraftn's wire-haired fox terriers,
Hunberstone Bristles and Maggie the Maid. '
. / JAPANESE SPANIELS.
Novice, dogs— First, Mrs. W. W. Moore's
Ito; second. Mrs., A.' L Kruger's. Mikado.
Limit, dogs — First, Mrs. A. L. Kruger's Mika
do; second. Miss F. J. Hatje's Jap H. Open,
dogs — First, Mrs. .H. W. Reddan's Champion
Nippon. Winners, , dogs — First, Mrs. ,H. • W.
Reddan's Champion ; Nippon. '
" , PEKINESE SPANIELS.'
Open, dogs— First, Herbert Wlnalow's Li
Hung CUang.
. i- CHOWS.
Open, dogs — First, Edwin F. Tooker's Chow.
¦"':,¦ GREYHOUNDS. '.
Field trials, class D— First, C. C. Grisswold'd
-Alice Louise; second, Eugene Geary's Fannla .
Hughie; third, Chlarinl Bros.'. Bona Magniflcar
reserved,' W. Cairns' Gladys Weller. Junior
class, - dogs— First, J. L. Ross', Creswlck ; sec
ond, J. H. Roseeter's Renegade Apache; third,
M. C. Delano's Gloster; reserved, James. Sheri
dan's Don't Know. Junior class, bitches —
First, J. : H. ¦ Rosseter's Rubber Ankles; second
John Grace's Ready. -Address; third, F. . J.
Grace's Runaway Actress; reserved.. A. R.
Curtis' - Medea. Special novice class, dogs-
First, J, H. Rosseter's Gleriwood Booze: second,
Eugene Geary's Dathy; third, Dr. H. M. Chris
tensen'c Pat Freedom. Special novice clasr,
bitches— First,' J.H; Rosseter's Rubber Ankles;
second. C. E. Wiley's Alameda LaSs; third.
Owen Prior's Nellie Gray; reserved. C. G.
Whallon's Miss Shirley.
First prize for : best' dog' in show — Won by
George B. Thomas' wire-haired fdx terrier End
clifte Bristles. '¦" . .
Croseus cup— Won by J. H. Rosseter's Rub
ber Ankles. May Hempstead/ Royal Archer
and Roman Athlete;.' second prize, Mrs. L.' A.
Klein's Champion Woodcoat Wonder. 'Ameri
can Belle, High Lights and Dot; third prize.
J. A. Lucas'. Tick Sport, Ella E and Hay wood
Screen. '.','¦ "¦'•¦¦'• v: -¦
Prize for; best bull' terrier owned and ex
hibited by a lady— Won by Mrs. L. A. Klein's
Champion Woodcoat Wonder. •• . • -.
iPrlse forlbestldojr in show "owned and ex
hibited by a lady— Won by Mrs. Charles New
man's • Lester C '•' Vi'- ¦ • •'
Blue ribbon collar for best Boston terrier —
Won by George S. Thomas' Kndcllffe Premier.
Gentleman's Magazine for one year for best
Boston terrier puppy— Won by S. Christenson's
Coronado Lltha.
BEAGLES.
Greenebaum cup for • best beagle in show —
Won by Middlesex Hunt's Pilgrim.
DACHSHUNDS.
Mrs. Thomas Magee's cup for best dachs
hund bitch In show — Won by Dr. Edwin Bun
nell's Frauleln II. L. A. .Klein trophy for heat
coast bred dachshund in show — Won by Dr.
Edwin Bunnell's Fraulein II. »
IRISH TERRIERS.
Livingston Jenks* cup for best coast bred
Irlfch terrier— Won by Mrs. I* A. Klein's Shan
Van Vocht. Copy of book "The Dog in Health
and Dl3<»aFo." for best Irish terrier bitch owned
on coast — Won by E. - Courtney Ford's ¦ Vir
ginia F. ¦
SCOTTISH TERRIER^
Silver cup for best Scottish terrier— Won by
Nosegay Kennels' Reynard's Rascal.'
PUGS..
San Francisco Kennel Club's cup for best pug
In show — Won by Mrs. G. S. Thomas' En<f
cilffp Venolia. - .... . . t . - ¦
' spitz;,;. .. , . ¦¦: . ;'
San Francisco Kennel Club's cup .for best
spitz — Won by Mrs. George H. ' Wallls' Baby
Bunting.
' YORKSHIRES.
L. A. Klein trophy • for ¦ best Yorkshire in
show — Wen by Mrs. A. A. Rol's Daisy A.
MALTESE. . ¦ ¦ '• •
San Francisco Kennel Club's cup for- best
Maltese — Won by Mrs/ A. A. Rol's Margie B.
ORIENTAL TOY SPANIELS.
.- San ¦ Francisco Kennel Club's cup for best
Oriontal Toy Spaniel — Won by Mrs. H. -W.
Reddan's Ch. Nippon.
TOY BLACK AND TANS. ¦
College Kennels' offer of $5 for smallest ana
bent — Won by Mrs. S. Barnett's King Lee.
CHOWS. . -
San Francisco Kennel Club's cup for the best
Chow— Won by Edwin F.Tooker's Chow
TEAM CLASS.
Brace, sweepstake— First. , J. H. Rosseter's
greyhounds. Rubber Ankles and ¦ May. Hemp
stead; second, jL. A, Klein's bulldogs, ciiam-
Boston Terrier Club cup for best Boston ter
rier dog— Won by George S. Thomas' Endcliffe
Premier. Also a cup for best Boston terrier
bitch— Von by George S. Thomas'. Endcliffe
Vernette. > -,..,.
Cut -glass cararte for beet California-bred
Boston terrier — Won by S. Christenson's Coro
nado Lltha.
.L. A. Klein's cup for beat coast-bred Boston
terrier — Won by S. Chrtsteneon's Coronado
Lfth» ;.
BULLDOGS.
Bulldog Club of America medal for best dog
born and bred in United States — Won by Mor
gan Shepard's Bully Bottom. Same for best
bitch, fame conditions — Won by J. C. *Berrefs
True Blue. . . •
The Breeders' cup for best coast-bred bull
dog whelped in previous year — Won by J. C.
Berret's True Blue. " .
Gold San Francisco Kennel Club shield for
best . bulldog: owned on coast — Won by W.
Welner'a Canfcrd Rueh.
BULL TERRIERS.
The Breeders' cup for best coast bull terrier
bred In previous year — Won by J. C. Bone's
Hawthorn Snow-flake.
L. A. Klein's silver cup for best bull terrier
bitch— Won by J. C. Bone's Hawthorn Snow
flake.
The Gentleman's Magazine one year for
best bull terrier dog puppy— Won by Richard
H. Round tret's Brigand.
BOSTON TERRIERS.
br O. J. Albee's Ormskirk Emerald Jr.
Silver medal for best collie dog — Won by O.
J. Albee's Ormskirk Emerald Jr.
Silver medal for bent collie bitch — Won by
Andrew P. Welsh's Gypsy Queen. .. ¦
Bronze medal for best California-bred bitch
— Won by O. J. Albee's Ormskirk Fannie.
Bronze medal for best California-bred puppy
dog — Won by Winters Cblll* Kennels' Knowl
edge.
Bronze medal for best California-bred puppy
bitch — Won by J. McCormlck's Pearl Thurber.
San Francisco Kennel Club shield or (5 for
best trl-colored dog — Won by Al Coney's Rob
ert Bruce. Also for best tri-colored bitch —
Won by P. K. Gordon's Verona Mbllie.
POODLES.
William S. Kittle's sliver cup for best poodle
exhibited by a lady — Won by Miss Tlllis Oes
inghaus' Sport.
Philadelphia Dogr Show Association's medal
for best poodle — Won by Miss Tlllie Oeslnghaus'
Sport.
delegates' badges are to be distributed by
the members of the executive committee
on the train while the delegates are en
rout to Santa Cruz Sunday.
mission to the reception on Monday night,
the mussel bake on- Tuesday, the ball on
Wednesday and the banquet on Thursday
evening. These books of tickets and the
SANTA CRUZ, April 25.— Santa . j
Cruz, spick and span in her festal j
parb, is ready to receive the |
Grand Parlor of the Native Sons I
of the Golden West. Pacific ave
nue is a-flutter with banners. At inter-
A number of delegates have already ar
rived, the first delegations coming from
Oroville and Ventura. The most notable
arrival to-day was Judge Conley of Ma
dera, a past grand president.
A book of tickets has been issued, to be
given to each delegate. »It contains sep
arate tickets entitling the delegate to ad-
arc to be draped in red. Blue, white and
orange streamers will be used. The most
elaborate decorations are being placed in
the Armory, for the grand ball. Bear
flags, shields, the stars and stripes and
bright • hued bunting make up a brilliant
ensemble. • : :
8
PAINE'S CE1EBY COMPOUND.
After Years of Mental
and Physical Sufferings and
Failures With Ordinary
. Medicines,
Paine's Celery
Compound
Cures a Sonth Carolina
Gentleman.
This Marvelous Medicine Is
Heartily Indorsed by
the Ablest and Best
Physicians.
What a blessing it would be to human-
ity in general If all suffering men and
women knew just what Paine's Celery
Compound Is able to do.
The work that cannot be done for the
sick and suffering by months of experi-
menting with the common medicines of
the day, is successfully carrie'd to victory
by Paine's Celery Compound la. a few
short weeks.
The cure of Mr. Murph proves fully the
I assertion made above. After years of fail-
ures, misery, agony and despondency,
Paine's Celery Compound made a "new
man" of one who had become a mere
wreck— one who was fast nearing the
grave.
Have faith, sufferer! You have a strong
deliverer at hand able to rescue and save
you. From to-day, let your hope be cen-
tered In Paine's Celery Compound and it3
mighty power to cure. It has never dis-
appointed any sufferer; it will not fall in
your case.
Mr. R. H. Murph, Rich, S. C, under
the direction of a kind Providence was led
to use the medicine that "makes sick peo-
ple well." His testimony is strong and
convincing. It shows unmistakingly that
Paine's Celery Compound is the true
health builder for weak, weary, sleepless
and iun-down people at this season. Mr.
Murph says:
"I have had nervous prostration for sev-
eral years. I was troubled almost con-
tinually with nervous headache, could not
sleep well, had become absent minded and
was considerably run down In flesh and
general health. A friend advised me to
try Paine's Celery Compound. I used four
bottles and am now in excellent health
and weigh more than I have for five
years, all of which I owe to Paine's Celery
Compound."
nfomnnri fluOO Original and only reliable.
UldfllOnU UJCS Beware of poor imitations.
¦ PARKER'S 1 1
BALSAEft j
Promotes the growth of the nalr and ', '
! ; gives It the lustre and sffidness of youth. | '
\ When thd hair 13 gray or laded ft ;
; BRINGS BACK THE YOUTHFUL COLOR. <
• it prevents Dandruff and nalr falling !
' and keeps tne scalp clean and healthy. ] !
GOXOBSHEA AND UBINABT DISCS1BSX3
tI K H W W 0K
A CURE IN 43 HOURS.
4 visit DR. JORDAN'S great, I
JMUSEUH OF ANATOMY.
9 Cjft U51)U3XZ?ST.t«t.6&*7a,S.rCiL|
\ ' The Largest Anatomical Museum In the
M ¦M-JT-ji. World. Weaknesses or any contracted t
Z. K» •? 5 * 5ei « F»»»"»»<r e«r«** by the oldest '
0 fBj§ 1 SP*" 11 '" on th e Coast. Esl 36 years. < 1
St5§K I DR * JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN A
7 Sf^dn Consultation free »nd strictly pri-rate. \
I jSWH Troatraent personally or by letter. A §
I V n| PfUn* Cure in ererjreasa undertaken. f
r S 1 0 Write for Book - raii'O*or*y *r A
• if II V HtRnlACE. MAILED VXXB. (Af
A (* Ur Tataable boolc for ¦»'") . \
V OK. JO no AN * CO.. 1051 Market St. S. P. V
g«B| CmCJHtSTER'S CNQLI8H
P-V/^JUoSAJTE. Always relUbla. L*4U>. askDrantM
&A\J&2£k ** CHICHKTEK'S eTgWh
T?1 *** **l£ "••'CM" SvlMtltBUms ut4 Imlti-
I / ¦, m tl«i«. B07 jf tow Drogjlj.. or Mad 4*. ta
~*Cj\JP turn M«U. IO.OOO TMtinonUl». Sold if
rsmody for Gonorrh(»»,
M&Sif CURtS Xl Whites, unnatural dii*
1 to 5 dmyi. IS charges, or any Inflamma-
ffTBmV Goaraateed to *^ tion, irritation or nlcera*
¦L-JPierent eoaujlon. tj°Q of mucous mem-
Ir^SmrFviv* rutwni Cn branM - > on-astringent.
> O.^P or Bent , a plj .j a wrappw#
3l^ffiV "• 3- -^ >5?3 *"¦ express, prepaid, for
Cizcnlor sent oa request.
>gg^DEWEY,STR0N6 &C0.^ggV
P. *g^ENTSl . II
Vfci^330 MARKETSt! Sf.' l^SS^
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
', \C EARJJY AND WASHINGTON STS RE-
! ¦* modeled and renovated. KINO, WARD ft
CO. European plan. Rooms, 60c to $1 50 day;
$5 to $S week; $S to $20 month. Free baths;
- hot and cold water every room; fire grates la
every room; elevator runs all night.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS THE
Great Mexican Remedy; gives health and
strength to sexual organs. Depot, 323 Market.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Dialled
on Application.
1 ' COAL, COKE AND PIQ IRON.
J f WIT SUM £ m 900 Bmtttry Street.
i' I- nlLJUll g C1J-. Ttlephon* Mala XML.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
JAS. BOYES & CO gg'^fSag^
' ¦• .:-.;;. Vr. oils.'-- ;¦/
LUBRICATING OILS. LEONARD A EIJU3.
418 Front it.. S. F. Phona Mala 171SL
PRINTING.
F f fillfiHP? PRINTER.
I £• t- UliinC^. bu sansom* sC. ¦. 9.
PRINTERS, BOOKBINDERS
THE HICKS- JUDD CO., ¦
. 23 First itreet. Baa Tnaslsoa,
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS. .
COMPETENT JUDGES.
Beauty Doctors Endorse Herpicide.
Women who make & business of beau-
tifying other women come pretty near
knowing what will bring about the best
results. Here are letters from two. con-
cerning Herpicide:
"I can recommend Newbro's 'Herpicide,
es it stopped my hair from falling out,
and as a dressing it has no superior.
"(Signed.)
"BERTHA A. TRUL.LINGER.
"Complexion Specialist.
"231J£ Morrison street. Portland. Or."
"A'ter using one bottle of 'Herpicide'
ray hjilr has stopped falling. out and my
scalp is entirely free from dandruff.
4 "(Sigred.) GRACE DODGE, .
"Beauty Doctor.
"135 Sixth street. Portland, Or."
l||p|^i^ Why take sickening salts or repulsive
T^" castor oil? "Goes through you like a'
dose of salts"' means violence, grips, gripes, gases,
soreness, irritation, and leaves your stomach and bowels
weak and burnt out. Might just as well take concen-
trated lye. Then there's castor oil, disgusting, nauseat-
ing truck, that your stomach refuses unless you disguise
the taste. Fool your own stomach, eh? Don't ever
believe that, anything offensive to your taste or smell is
going to do you real good: Nature makes certain
i things ;¦ repulsive, so you ! will not take them. Force
yourself to nauseous doses, and you ruin your digestion,
weaken your bowels, destroy your health. Jgpf^y
On the other hand see what a delightful, WK ~?>
palatable, perfect modern laxative, liver f||p£^ip?
regulator and bowel tonic you find in jS^K^^lT
/TriA/kH n4r\ Beat for the Bowels. All • g£Htt\ ' W ,. U
jjiii~'^ iNever sold in bulk, ine . — jc^
•fciniTi)^ genuine tablet stamped rW\*ioiilM™^^
C C C. Guaranteed to cure or your, money back. Wr" Y\ >C~) v «SW|^^aamB^p
Sample and booklet free. Address . 540 'WL'^y^ m
., Sterling Remedy Co., Chicago or. New. York. . ' ¦_ < £tJ* < ->Jfcrf ¦' . '. .-" FRANKFORT, 1 Ky., April 25.-Berry
Howard, the alleged principal In the as
sassination of Governor Goebel, was •ac
quitted to-day. The cast was given to
the jury at 10:05 and the verdict rendered
at 15:10. .
Howard Is Acquitted.
SACRAMENTO, April 25,— Frank Lud
wlg, a. convict, sent from San; Jose to
¦erve fifteen years In .the penitentiary at
Folsom, attempted j| to make his jj escape
yesterday by plunging Into the I canai.
which he attempted to swim. He was
drowned. .,
Escaping Convict Browns.
A- society to be known as the Ladies of the
Grand Army,: of the Republic, organized for
fraternal, patriotic and . : charitable > purposes,
was incorporated yesterday." The directors are
Belinda 8. Bailey, Marion E. Kyle, Marcla
Wenk, Mary I Farrell,. I Louisa A," Carr, Emma
R. Hc-lley," Agnes • GUlen, Eva G. Booth ; and
Elizabeth Drips,
Grand Army. OWomen Incorporate.
INDIANAPOLIS, April 25.— The health
officers of Indiana, Kentucky, Ohio and
Illinois met In /conference here to-day.
Smallpox _was discussed j from many
standpoints. Resolutions condemning the
San Francisco and California health offi
cers for .their action regarding the bu
bonic plague were adopted, '
Condemn Health • Officers.
OAKLAND," April 25.— Licenses to,mar
ry were issued to-day to" John Pavao, aged
23, ' and Mary I. Perry,' 20," both '-. of ' Oak
land ; Charles P. Keeley , 22, and ; Eva C.
¦Veria, 18,- both of Oakland; Ernest Tre
lut, 42, . Contra Costa, and Margaret | Col
lins; • 32, Oakland; Patrick F. Nolan, SO,
San Francisco, 'and Julia J.- Flaherty, "24
Oakland •: > .
Licensed to Marry.
SACRAMENTO, April 25.— William Mc-
Cormick, the horse trainer, who,, while
crazed by liquor, shot and killed Thomas
Cullen, a. groom, at Rancho del Paso
on April 2, was to-day held to answer
without hall by. Justice Jay R. Brown.
McCormick offered no testimony In de
fense.
McCormick Held for Murder.
I Mrs.' Lillle \ Layter, 24 years old, was
found dead in her bed yesterday after
noon in her room at 5 Kate street* She
had been on a spree and had been missed
for two days. Her husband had left her
because of her intemperate habits. Death
was : due to alcoholism. . <•'-¦ - r^3ttSBjC
Death Due to Alcoholism.
VICTORIA, B. C, April 25.— The sealing
schoner : Vera arrived here to-day in
charge of the mate. Captain Copeland.
her master, and' two • hunters left the
schooner off the Oregon coast, taking with
them two boats belonging to the vessel.
It is not known whether they Intentional
ly deserted or got lost from the schooner.
Schooner's Master Missing.
GILROY, April 25.— John Bohan, a
horseshoer, of 269 Twelfth street, Oakland,
was found dead in Coyote Creek, near the
Gilroy Hot Springs, this morning. His
coat and hat were on the bank of the
creek. Coroner > Kell summoned a Jury,
which decided that Bohan came to his
death by accidental drowning. He was
about 60 years of age and Is survived by
a widow and eleven children. A son ar
rived to-day and took charge of the body.
I>rowned in Coyote Creek.
LONDON, April ! 25.— Speaking in Lon
don to-night, Brodrick, the, Secretary of
War, said: "We are perhaps in sight of
peace, but in the Interval we are sending
out men and material to carry on the war
for another year or two, if necessary,,
that being the only spirit . wherein • the
Government can Interpret the will of the
nation and approach the arrangements
for the conclusion of peace.
Perhaps in Sight of Peace.
; HELENA, Mont., April 25.— At the Pal
ace here to-night ,"Kld" ~ Ogles
by, formerly lightweight champion of
Montana, defeated "Silent" Rowan of
Salt 1 Lake, Rowan being knocked out by a
stiff punch ; on t the chin in the second
round.
Rowan Is Knocked Out.
STOCKTON, April 25.— The Stockton
High School basket-ball team : defeated
the Chico Normal girls this evening in the
pavilion in a warmly contested game by
a score of 8 to 4. -The team work of th*
local players proved too much for the
visitors. By the score of 31 to 12 the
Oakland Young Men's Christian Associa
tion team bested the Stockton association
team. The visitors were fast on their
feet and their team work was splendid.
Basket-Ball Teams Compete.
Friday. April 23.
Stmr - San Juan, Urry, ' 29 days from Pana
ma, via Mazatlan 8 days 5 hours.)
Schr Guide. Olaen. 4 days from Coos Bar.
SAILED.
-':,:•:. yi • Friday. April 23.
Stmr Scotia. Walvlsr. WlllaDa Harbor.
Stmr Homer. Donaldson. Eureka.
Stmr Grace Dollar. Fosen. Seattle.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORTLAND— Arrived April 25— Stmr Alli
ance, from San Francisco; stmr Columbia,
from San Francisco. .
SEATTLE— Sailed April 25— Stmr Excelsior.
tor-Valdex.
Arrived April 25— Stmr City of Seattle, from
SlMgway; stmr Dirlgo, from Skaxway; bktn
Ruth, from Tacoma.
TACOMA — Arrived ADril 25 — Stmr Al-Ki.
from Alaska.
Sailed April 25 — Schr Endeavor, for Saa
Pedro; bktn Ruth, for Bristol- Bay.
PORT TOWNSEND— Sailed April 25— Stmr
Calltornlan. from Seattle, for Honolulu: Fr
bark Lea Adelphes, from Tacoma. for Queens
town.
ASTORIA-— Arrived April 25 — Stmr Colun:-
Ha. from San Francisco: stmr Elmore, from
Tlllamook; stmr Aberdeen, from San Fran-
Sailed April 25 — Schr John A, for San Fran
cisco: stmr Vosburgr. for Tillamook; Chll baiit
Alta, for Tslntao.
FOREIGN PORT. i
VICTORIA. B C — Arrived April 25 — Oer bark
Vlsurjls, from Hongkong:; Br bark Invermay,
from Hongkong: Br bark Dunslaw, from Hong
i kocs, for Tacoma. .
Late Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
LONDON, April -25.— The, Geneva cor
respondent of the Daily Mail says a sen
sation has been caused there by the fail
ure of one-, pf the oldest banks in the
country, the Basle Credit GesellschafL M.
Greb and M.'Hof lander, respectively the
manager and the cashier of the bank,
have been arrested. 1 It Is reported that
£1,600,000 of the bank's funds- have been
lost by wild speculation at Paris and that
thousands have been ruined.
-. Prominent Geneva Bank Fails.
HELENA, Mont., April 25.-A telegram
from Manager Jack of the Helena base
ball team, which is now practicing at
Walla Walla, announces that he Ws
signed B. J. Hartwell, who pitched for
Los "Angeles last season. This completes
the line-up, of the Helena team.
Hartwell Goes to Helena.
SALT LAKE, , April | 25.— Preliminary
steps in the proceedings, which, it is said,
may be Instituted against the meat trust,
were taken bv Attorney General M. A-
Breeden • to-day by . the latter requesting
of the State Food and Dairy Commission
er statistics in regard to the recent ad
vance in the . prices of meats. . Informa
tion as to whether or not meats on which
any preservatives have been • used" have
been or are being imported into the State,
were also requested. •> Should the investi
gation warrant, It is stated that the At
torney General will at once proceed
under the State anti-trust and, pure food
laws of the State.. ;»" .; / ., i;
Meat Trust May Be Investigated.
GILROY. April 25.— Gilroy is soon to
have a fruit-drying and packing establish
ment. San Francisco and- San Jose capi
talists have advanced the necessary
funds. The Dunlap Realty and Produce
Company has leased of Henry Miller for
five years all of the Thomas field, on the
line of the Southern Pacific Railroad
This leaee Is for the benefit of the enter
prise, which contemplates the erection of
a nlant sufficient to handle all the fruit
tributary to Gilroy, both green and dry.
It is expected that 20,000 trays will be re
quired In the yard and a packing-house
three stories In height will be erected by
the middle of June, besides two other
smaller buildings for box factory and en
gine-house.
Packing Plant for Gilroy.
, EL PASO, Tex., April 25.— "Sheeny"
Harris was killed In a gambling hall this
morning by Clarence Wolverton, a special
policeman. Four shots were exchanged.
Wolverton was wounded in the hand.
Harris was shot through the heart. Five
years ago Wolverton, while Chief of Po
lice at Colorado City, Colo., It is said, ran
Harris out of town, and Harris, it Is al
leged, then threatened to kill him on
sight. They met for the first time to-day.
The Coroner's Jury found that Wolverton
killed Harris In self-defense.
Kills His Old-Time Enemy.
EDINBURGH, April 25.— The Evening
News of this city says negotiations, In
which J. Pleitfont Morgan is Interested,
are on foot to combine the Scottish coal
companies with a .capital of £3.000,000.
LONDON, April 26.— A denial comes
from Edinburgh this morning that J. P.
Morgan has anything to do with the re
ported combination of the Scottish coal
companies. ,-
Morgan After Scotland's Coal.
Cable Chess Match Begins.
BOSTON, April 25.— The fourth annual
cable chess match between the American
College Chess League, consisting of the
clubs of Columbia, Harvard, Yale and
Princeton universities and the chess clubs
of Oxford and Cambridge, began to-day
at the gymnasium of the Boston Athletic
Club. Six large boards • with movable
pieces have been arranged so that the
spectators may follow the progress of the
games. These contests are for posses
sion of the handsome trophy presented
by Professor Isaac L. Rice of New York
four years ago. '¦ .
LONDON, April 25.— The examination In
bankruptcy of the Marquis " of Queens
berry, which was concluded to-day, show-'
ed that he ran through personal prop
erty to the value of £266,000 and tho
Glenstart estate of 500 acres. When he
succeeded to the Marquisate in 1900 he
had anticipated his interest in the estate
to the extent of £106,235. The Marquis lost
between £60,000 and £100,000 in specula
tion on the Stock Exchange.
Queensberry a Rapid Spender.
ANGELS CAMP, April 25.— Joseph
Navis of Murphys left his home yester
day morning and went to his blacksmith
shop. There he took off his coat and vest
and cut a hole in his shirt over the heart.
He then tied a cord around an anvil, fas
tening the other end to the ¦ trigger of a
Winchester rifle. Placing the muzzle of
the rifle to his left breast he pulled tho
string. The ball passed through his body
and' came out of the right shoulder, lodg
ing in the shirt sleeve. Navls was not
found until last night by his son. He was
still grasping the barrel of the rifle. The
suicide was 30 years of age.
Carefully Plans His Deatn.
SANTA CRUZ, April 25.— Amos K.
Zeigler, the wife murderer, will hang;
thus decided the Jury this afternoon, after
having been out only a half-hour. Two
years ago, In the dead of- night on a quiet
country road, Zeigler murdered his wife
by cutting her throat with a butcher
knife. He stood trial and was convicted
and sentenced to imprisonment for life.
An appeal was made to .the Supreme
Court and a new- trial was granted, but
the murderer fares worse than before;
Sentence will be passed on May 25.
During the trial the most important wit
ness, William Beverly Sharp, a San Fran
cisco attorney who was at the Zeigler
house on the night of the murder, failed
to appear. After a' vain search for, him by
Sheriff Be&se through several counties
around the bay he was fined $250 for con
tempt of court for non-appearance.
the Santa Cruz County
Prisoner.
Second Trial Ends Disastrously for
AMOS ZEIGLEB TO DIE
FOB MT7BDEB OP WI-Fil
WASHINGTON, April 25.— The House
to-day passed. 145 private pension bills. In
cluding bills to pension the widow of the
late General 'William. F. Ludlow at $50 a
month and the widow of the late "Par
son" Brownlow of Tennessee at $30 a
month. The remainder of the day was de
voted to general debate on the agricul
tural appropriation bill. Lessler of New
York discussed the necessity for a new
postofflce at New York; Cochran of
Missouri the trust question and H. C.
Smith of Michigan good roads.
Qenreal Ludlow's Widow Pensioned.
BAKERSFIELD. April 25. — By the failure
of an explosion of a dynamite cas to touch
off a blast prepared by miners in the as
phaltum mine a half mile west of McKlttrick.
a fire was started which In an incredibly short
time destroyed more than 1000 tons of aa
phaltum, valued at $25 a ton. The flames from,
the fuse's cap Ignited the asphaltum.
BAKERSFIELD, April 23.— As the result
of a beating at the hands of Karl Robbina. an
oil well driller, the life a woman known aa
Kitty York, formerly of Sacramento, Is hang-
Ing by a thread. Roberts Is serving a sen
tence of 180 days for battery. Should sh* not
recover a murder charge will be placed against
blm. . :...;.. •.
LOS ANGELES, April 25. — Argument In th»
action . brought by th» Huntington-Hellmaa
syndicate to determine the right of the Pa
cific Electric Railway Company to the
"freight-carrying" franchise, was completed
before Judge Wellborn In the United States
Court to-dav.
SANTA ANA. April 25.-^rohn Klrby of El
Modena while hunting rabbits la the foothllla
yesterday was horribly mangled by the acci
dental discharge of a shotgun. Tho shot tore
a hole through his shoulder, laid his ribs bare
and broke the shoulder blade. It la believed
he will recover. - • . ¦¦
WOODLAND. April 25.— Cards are out an
nouncing the engagement of Miss Cora Porter
daughter of A. D. Porter, a Tolo County
capitalist, to L. Talbot Ware, a young busi
ness man of Honolulu. The wedding will be
solemnized on May 8.
SANTA ANA. April 25.— The Orange County
realty of Henry J. Fleischman. the absconding
cashier of the Farmers' and Merchants' Bank
of Los Aneeles. was to-day sold at Sheriff ¦
¦ale to the Farmers' and Merchants' Bank for
1830.
"WOODLAND. April 25.— Theodore Muerae
and John Hucke, local delegates to the State
convention of Hermann's Sons, which meets in
Uvirmore on May 5. have been Instructed to
invite the Grand Lodge to hold It* session la
Woodland In 1903.
ALONG THE COAST
ST. 'LOUIS, April 25.— Interstate Com
merce Commissioners Prouty and Fif er and
Special Agent Marehand are In St. Louis
for the purpose of. investigating rates, fa
cilities and practices applied in the trans
portation, handling and storage of grain
and grain products, carried from Western
points to the Atlantic seaboard and other
destinations. The executive and the chief
traffic officers of the Frisco and the Mobile
and Ohio were requested by Secretary
Moseley of the commission to attend a
hearing, when complaints of discrimina
tion will be taken up.
Will Investigate Railroad Rates.
ST. PETERSBURG, April 25.— M. Singer.
Assistant Minister of Education, has been
gazetted Acting Minister of Education,
succeeding General "Van Navski. Van
Novskl was appointed Minister of Educa
tion after the murder of M. Bogliopoff in
190L The general resigned the office April
23. owing, it is said, to opposition to his
suggested educational reforms In Russia.
Russian Minister Promoted.
PETALUMA, April 25.— B. W. Guerkink
has presented his friend. City Attorney
Frank K. Lippitt, with a house. and lot,
which the latter has rented and occupied
for the past ten years in this city. Lip
pitt was much surprised when called Into
the office of a brother attorney recently
and handed a deed to "the property.
Guerkink is a man of means and has no
near relatives living . hereabouts. He ex
plained to Lippitt that, as old age was
coming on. he desired to leave his prop
erty in such a manner that there would
be no legal entanglements after his death.
The property is situated on D street and
is one of the handsomest cottages in this
city. Lippitt has conducted the legal
business of Guerkink for years. Lippitt
was dumfounded when informed by
Guerkink that he was no longer desired
as a tenant, and his amazement knew no
bounds when the true situation was made
known by his erstwhile landlord.
Capitalist Guerkink of Petaluxna Sur-
prises City Attorney
Lippitt.
MAKES LAWYER A GIFT
OF A HOUSE AND LOT
JACKSON, April 25.— John Nelson and
Solomon Wadge were killed in the Lin
coln mine at Sutter Creek last night. A
drill they were working at a depth of 1800
;eet struck an unexploded charge left by
the previous shift. Two other men who
Oj^re at the bottom of the shaft escaped
lfceaust- the skip protected them from the
rorce of the explosion.
Blast Kills Two Miners.
NEW YORK, April 25.— Results at Aqueduct:
Flist race five and "a, half furlongs — Temple
ton won. May Harrison second. Early Evo
third. Time. 1:08 1-5. t , • ¦ _
Second race, four and a half furlongs — Roae
tlnt won Albatross second, Tugal Bey third.
Time, : 56 3-5. . ,
1 Third race, seven f urlonga — Rocky won,
'Francesco second. Contend third.^ Time,
Fcurtii race, five furlongrs — Prodigal Son
Wen Bobblnet second, Academic third. Time,
¦'1:03'
Fifth race, mile and seventy yards — Lucky
Star won. Animosity second, Ben Viking third.
Time. 1:47 2-5. •
. Sixth race, seven furlongs — Vassal Dance
won Knight Templar second, Aden third. Time.
1:28 3-5.
CHICAGO, April 25. — Results:
w First race, four and a half furlongs — Phllo
won BFOOkston second, Puredale third. Time,
:5J. .;¦•-•*• : .
Second race, five and a half furlongs — Peaca
won. Small Jack second, Pompino third. Time,
1:11. - - <:¦¦¦''¦
- Third race, seven furlongs — Hoodwink won,
Pyrrho second, Irma's choice third. Time,
1:81 1-5. . . <•
Fourth race one ' mile — Otis won. Old For
second, Dandoia third. Time, 1:53*4.
Fifth race, one mile — Automaton, won, John
McGurk second, Guy H third. Time, 1 :46 3-5.
Sixth race, mile and a sixteenth — Farmer
Bennett won, Henry of Franstamar second,
Mlsn Liza third. Time, 1:54.
NASHVILLE, Tenn.. April 25.— Bill Logan
¦was the only pronounced favorite to win to
day. Weather fine : track fast. ' Results : .
First race, flVe furlongs — Billy Logan won,
Aaron Pond second, Joe Brown. third. Time
1:02%. : .
Second race, four and a half furlongs— Bd
Layson won, Gory second, Dr. i Corr third
Time, :50%. . •
' Third race, one mile, selling — Jordan won
Prima j II second, ¦ Kinloch Park . third. . Time]
Fourth race, seven furlongs— Ethelwheat won
Ad Glb3on . second, Jim Clark third. Time
1:27%. ¦ \ . . ...
Fifth race, six and a half furlongs— Staff
won, Ocle Brooks second, Elsie Bramble third
Time, 1:21.
Sixth race, five furlongs— Declalmer won
Comniona' second, Aules third. Time. 1:01.
Races. in. the East.
Subsequently the rebels captured two
villages of Nanning and established their
headquarters In those villages.
HONGKONG, April 25.— Advices re
ceived here; to-day from Wuchow, under
date of April 22, announce that a bloody
battle was then proceeding between a
force of Imperial troops on their way to
Nanning and a large party of rebels. The
imperial, army attacked the rebels' en
campment in the Wuchang hills, brought
up two Maxims and two 12-pounders and
finally scattered the rebels and captured
their leader, Hung Yung Seng, who was
wounded.
Chinese Rebels Are Scattered.
GRASS VALLEY, April 23.-Af ter wan
dering through the forest and sleeping on
wet, frosty hillsides, young Manuel Silva
was found this evening by Deputy Sheriff
Sammonds near this city. Silva has been
lost since Wednesday and for a time it
was believed he had perished. When
found he was nearly famished and was
staggering from hunger and exposure.
His condition Is serious. Silva says he
lost the road and. became delirious from
exhaustion.
Missing Youth. Is Found.
NAPA DISTRICT EPWORTH
LEAGUERS IN CONVENTION
Methodist Societies of Eight Counties
. Are Represented at
• ./.,-: TJkiah. ;
URIAH, April 25,-The Epworth League
Convention of Napa district of the* Meth
odist Episcopal Church met here to-day
for a three- days' .session. The district
embraces the counties of . Del Nor'te,
Humboldt, . Mendoclno, Sonoma, Lake,
Marln and Napa and a part of Solan o
County. Seventy delegates are present
from abroad. Fifteen. ministers; of the
Methodist Episcopal Church are in at
tendance, including Presiding Elder S. G.
Gale of San Jose, Dr. Bovard, editor of
the California Advocate of San Francis
co, and Dr. Beard, president of the Dea
coness Training School in San Francisco.
Hon. T. B. Hutchinson of Napa is the
president of the convention.
An enthusiastic meeting was held. this
afternoon, at which there was a song and
praise service, the appointment ¦ of com
mittees and a number of short addresses.
At this evening's meeting, addresses of
welcome were delivered on behalf of the
citizens of Ukiah by Hon. J. B. Sanford;
for the Young People's societies of Ukiah,
by Miss Ethel Hoage; for the , Methodist
Episcopal Junior Leaguers, \ by Almond
Roth; for the Senior League, by Lew K.
Van Allen; for Humboldt County,.- by
Mrs. Laura B. Kildale of Eureka. The
response to the addresses of welcome was
by W. M. Hotle of Sebastopol, second dis
trict vice president. After a solo by Rev.
B. B. Conner of Pengrove, Rev. Dr.
Beard delivered an address on "The San
Francisco National Training School.",-
SAN JOSE, April 25.— The Epwbrth
League of San ' Francisco district- opened
Its annual convention in the Methodist
church at College > Park this . afternoon
The sessions will continue over Sunday.
In the district are Included the bay coun
ties. A couple of hundred delegates are
in attendance. Rev. C. L>. Peterson, the
district president, presided. Reports of
the various officers showed an encourag
ing state of affairs in the society. The
devotional, services this evening were led
by - Rev. W. F. Grant. Addresses were
made by Dr. F. M. Larkin of San Fran
cisco and President J. E. Stubbs of the
Nevada State University.
dress a mass meeting of young 5 men? in
the Young Men's Christian . Association
Auditorium. Because of Rev. MrJ-Guin
ness' distinguished attainments, both as a
student and as a speaker, many . desire
to hear him, and it is expected that the
atiditorlum will be crowded.
Rev. . H. Grattan Guinness is the asso
ciate ot Rev. F. B. Meyer, the. eminent
theologian of London. . Dr. Guinness will
address men only.
Passengers returning from the north re
port typical spring weather In all sections
of Southeastern Alaska and that snow
and Ice are rapidly disappearing. They
predict an early opening of navigation on
the Yukon. White Horse River is open
and the ice is running out as far as lake
Lebarge.
Preparatory work for the construction
of the largest mining tunnel in the world
has been completed at Juneau and de
veloping of the tunnel will' commence
about August 1. The tunnel will be nearly
8000 feet long and will tap a series of
quartz claims at a depth of 800 feet in
Silver Bow basin, back of Juneau. The
tunnel is being driven by the London Ex
ploration Company, a branch of the
Treadwell Company.
PORT TOWNSEND, April 25.— The
steamer City of Seattle arrived from the
north to-day. She reports that divers
have reached the wreck of the steamer
Bristol and that one body was found.
The Bristol lies on her beam, ends in
twenty fathoms of water. It is believed
that even if the vessel cannot be raised
a large portion of her machinery can bo
recovered. - • .
Tunnel Near Juneau Is
Completed.
SPRING STJNSHINE OPENS
NAVIGATION IN ALASKA
Preparatory Work for the Mammoth
REV. H. GRATTAN GUINNESS,
D. D.. who is said to be one of
the most noted divines of. Lon
don, arrived in this city Wednes
day from Australia and is stop
ping at the Occidental Hotel. He intends
spending about two months touring this
country for pleasure and also for the
purpose of preaching to the people.
On next Sunday afternoon he will ad-
Senator Money Is Arrested.
WASHINGTON, April 25. — Senator
Money of Mississippi to-day wa^ placed in
custody on information filed by Arthur
B. Shaner, the streetcar conductor, who
charged the Senator with assaulting him
during the disturbance on Shaner's car
yesterday. Senator Money, Conductor
Shaner and Foreman Hooper of the Fire
Department, who assisted the conductor
yesterday, appeared in the Police Court
to-day and their trial was set for next
Thursday.
NEW YORK, April 25.— Members of the
conciliation committee of the National
Civic Federation are expected to attend
the final conference with the representa
tives of the coal-carrying companies and
the United Mine Workers pf America to
morrow at the headquarters of the feder
ation in this city. The committee hopes
at this conference to bring about a set
tlement of the trouble in the anthracite
district. John Mitchell, president of the
Mine Workers, arrived to-day, accompa
nied by Presidents Fahey, Nichols and
Duffy of the' three anthracite mining dis
tricts. Senator Hanna, chairman of the
committee, arrived this evening.
Coal Mine Strike to Be Settled.
The Board of Health is finding case3 of
natives trying to bury their dead at night
in order to prevent the detention of the
living.
MANILA, ADril 23.— The cholera record
up to date is as follows: Manila, 505
cases and 398 deaths; In the provinces. 1317
cases and 907 deaths.
RECORD OF CHOLERA,
¦ Gentlemen's, singles — Victor Morgan of San
Diego defeated N. B. Browne of Ventura, 6-4,
9-7; Robert Cleland of the Occidental School
beat Cadwallader, tt-3, 6-3; Claude Wagner ot
Alhambra won from Charles McDuffie of Los
Angeles, 6-3, 6-1; George Hodge of San Diego
beat Putnam, 6-0, 6-0; Henry . Farnham of
iNev Haven-won by. 'default; Homans beat
'HaiJK 6-0* *pO; Wayne defeated Victor Morgan
of Ban DiegO.te-1. 6^0.
Gentlemen's doubles — Albert S. Spauldlng
and . Charlton ¦ Cooksey defeated N. B. Browne
and' H. Dennison of Ventura, 6-3, 6-0; George
Hodge and Victor Morgan of San Diego won
from Alfred Salisbury and Harpham of Los
Angeles 6-0; 6-0; William Bacon and Archie
Scott of the Occidental School beat Charles
McDuffie and Frink of Santa Barbara. 6-2, 6-2.
S NORDHOFF, April 25.— In : this morn
ing's, playof the Ojai Valley Tennis Tour
nament th'ere were several surprises.
Few .expected to see Putnam vanquished
so easily by George Hodge of " San Diego,
as the score, 6'love, in both sets, would
indicate. Nor did the patrons of tennis
expect such a decisive defeat "of Alfred
Salisbury and Harpham, representing the
Los -Angeles High School, at the hands of
the- San Diego school representatives,
Messrs. George Hodge and Victor Mor
gan. The victors did it in 6-0 and 6-0.
The results vwere as follows :
TENNIS TOURNAMENT I
f ' ; HAS ITS SURPRISES
PUERTO PLATA, Santo Domingo,
April 25.— Horatio Vasquez, Vice Presi
dent of Santo Domingo, has started a re
volt at Santiago de los Cabelleros, which
is In the northern part of the republic
All communication with that town has
been cut off and Government troops will
leave here to-night to attack the revolu
tionists.
VICE PRESIDENT STARTS
AN ISLAND REVOLUTION
SAN JOSE, April 25.— The Southern Pa
cific Railroad Company filed articles of
Incorporation with the County Clerk to
day. Heretofore the company has been
operating in California, New. Mexico and
Arizona under its old charter, but under
the new incorporation the lines In thl3
territory are consolidated.
Fifty-three lines are absorbed In the
new company. The capital stock is placed
at $159,455,000, and the amount of stock
actually subscribed is given as $128,307,907.
- San Francisco Is given a3 the principal
place of business, with the following
named directors: E. H. Harriman.
Charles H. Tweed, J. Kruttschnitt. N. T.
Smith, J. L. Willcutt, William F. Herrin,
William Sproule, Homer S. King, Alvinza
Hay ward, J. • S. Slauson -and James K.
Wilson. r . •¦-¦¦¦
Southern Pacific Files Its New Arti
;.~ cles of Incorporation in Santa
Clara County..
I IFTY-THREE HABRIMAN
LINES IN ONE SYSTEM
DISTINGUISHED DIVINE OF LONDON WHO IS VISITING THIS
COUNTRY AND WHO WILL SPEAK TO THE .YOUNG MEN OF THIS
CITY TO-MORROW AFTERNOON. - .
Platt of Connecticut, chairman of the
Committee on Relations with Cuba, re
ported from the committee a substitute
for the resolution offered a few days ago
by Teller, the substitute providing for an
investigation by the committee of th«
holdings of Cuban sugar and of Cuban
sugar lands by American citizens, the
committee to have authority to send for
persons and papers and to sit during ses
sions of the Senate. The resolution was
referred to the Committee on Contingent
Expenses.
A bill for the protection of game In
Alaska was passed.
Mine Sell&.for. a. Million.^
PASADENA. April 25.— The American
Girl mine, near Ogflby. has been sold, to
the American Consolidated Mining Com
pany for about 51,000,000. The papers of
*ale are in escrow In the First National
Bank of this city. The mine was owned
by more than a score of Pasadena c*ti-
S'ens, among whom are ex-Governor
Tvlarkham, A. R. Dodworth, George H.
Coffin. F. S. Daggett. Walter Wotkins
end J. W. Wood. The purchasers are
Denver and Chicago capitalists.
The object of his address, he said, was
to convince the Senate of the very great
importance of the subject to the Ameri
can people. For a quarter of a century
nearly every State in the Union had been
struggling with the question of procur
ing pure foods. Experience has proved
that it had been impossible to obtain uni
formity in State laws. This bill attempt
ed to regulate the sale of only such foods
se entered into interstate, commerce, and
Congress, therefore, had ample authority
to deal with the subject. He declared
that the extent of the adulteration and
tr.isbranding of food products was appall
iT:g; that the time had come for Congress
•o act. He enumerated many of the
frauds in food products, which, he said,
v.-ere crimes against the consumer and
merchant alike. The amount of deleter
ious foods placed on the market each
year, McCumber said, was valued at fully
Jl.170,000,000, while the total amount of
adulterated food products each year was
nearly Si ,000,000.000. He expressed the be
lief, based upon evidences taken by his
committee, that manufacturers and deal
ers generally would not object to the
enactment of the bill proposed.
WASHINGTON. April 25.— In the Sen
ate to-day McCumber of North Dakota,
chairman cf the Committee on Manufacs
tures, spoke on the bill "to prevent the
adulteration, xnisbranding and imitations
of food, beverages, candies, drugs and
condiments in the District of Columbia
and the Territories and for regulating in
terstate commerce therein."
in Favor of Bill to Prevent
Fraud.
McCumbex of North. Dakota Speaks
DENOUNCES MISBRANDINQ
OF THE FOOD PRODUCTS
MOBILE. Ala., April 25.— The widow of
Reyna Barrios, President of Guatemala,
who was assassinated on February 8, 1898
sought safety in the home of the Ameri
can Minister to Guatemala. W. Godfrey
Hunter, and moved all her furniture, dia
monds and jewelry thither for safe keep-
l n ?' from an affidavit sworn
before Richard Weskatt, Vice Consul Gen
eral at London, that Hunter is charged by
Mrs. Barrios with illegally retaining her
property under the plea of payment for
thirteen weeks* board and lodging of Mrs.
Barrios and her attendants and services
rendered. Mrs. Barrios denied any obli
gation or contract for board and lodg
ing or services.
She states that she gave to Minister
Hunter and his family valuable pieces of
diamond jewelry of a hundred times the
value of the board and lodging at the le
gation of the United States.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., April 25.-Beyond
making a denial, Dr. Hunter, United
States Minister to Guatemala, who ar
rived in Louisville several days ago. re
fused to discuss Mrs. Barrios' charges.
MBS. BARBIOS ACCUSES
AN AMERICAN MINISTER
¦ -Mrs.:'. Burdette -'exolained in these side
tracked letters that the State correspond-,
; ing secretary should at once Issue a cir
icular letter urging the unfederated clubs
to come into the, membership of the fed
eration;. and' that • the .federated clubs
should'see that their; dues were promptly
paid, :.for . upon such action depended the
possibility of the-' club -women of the State
enjoying i the rare opportunity of attend
ing the- biennial next May. Many women;
wrote Mrs. I Burdette in the i lost letters,
wouldTbe making arrangements to attend
the meetings, not realizing that they were
not : regularly accredited delegates, and
that, their clubs not having paid their
dues, they could not have seats on the
floor. ... ..':- ¦'-'¦ ) ~ : - .,.••.-... * ¦¦•..¦' ;.- •'•¦\
' 5 In regard to informing individual clubs con
cerning their, membership in the general fed
eration, "I! desire to say that in addition to
having explained It to a number of clubs in
the, parliament at Riverside and again at the
convention in San Francisco, I- sent on the
19th 'day of January, 1901,. from Egypt to Mrs-
S. S. Stilson, State corresponding secretary,- a
circular • letter explaining again all the condi
tions." I ''Informed the clubs that it remained
with them to say whether they would become
members of the State federation and the grand
federation, one • or ' both, and urged loyalty to
both. \For some reason the - letter was never
published. . On' the 16th of December I wrote
to Mrs. Hermp.n Kerkhoff, , State corresponding
secretary. Mrs. Kerkhoff. replied that she had
resigned, and again . there^- was a failure to
publish the • circular letter. l ~ ¦ . - ¦
Mrs. Burdette's name is prominently
mentioned for the next presidency, but
this criticism has injured v her chances
considerably. She returned ..a few days
ago, from her .lecturing tour through
•.twenty-five States. When i told of the sit
uation she issued a statement, '.. in subs
tance'as follows: . .
PASADENA, April 25.— A tempest was
stirred -up a- short time ago by. club
women, who accused . former State Fed
eration President Mrs. Robert J. Burdette
of neglecting her duty while in office, with
the result that many clubs were left out
of the general federation. The women
who criticized Mrs. Burdette said that her
neglect would have the effect of shutting
out of the convention many women who
regarded . themselves as duly, constituted
delegates to the biennial, which will take
place in Los Angeles next month.
Spedal- Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. April 23.-Dr. A. J. Re
strepo, head of the Colombian revolution
ary junta In this city, has received a-ca
blegram dated April 25, at Marat-.*ubo,
Venezuela, by which he is Informed of
the capture of the Colombian seaport of
Rio Hacha by the insurgent army under
command of General Clodomiro Castillo,
lhe cablegram translated is as follows:
M««i° « 2S ha ™,_ wa3 captured after a
rl?^ y 5 snt X , The government troops sur
rendered A large quantity of arms and
ammunition was taken."
*>,5«S-' :H ? ch . a i Is a port on th ® northeast
coast of Colombia and was garrisoned,
aexording to information received by Dr.
Kestrepo, by about 1,300 government reg-
Special Dispatch to The Call
Buyers of the best meats, including the
highest priced restaurants, said to-day
they obtained loins at 15 cents and ribs
at 14 cents a pound. Rounds are sold at
about 10 cents. These are jobbing prices,
where the orders are large. In ordinary
sales the figures quoted are a trifle higher.
Mr. Roberts declared fresh meats are
sold cheaper in Los Angeles than any
where in the United States.
LOS ANGELES, April 25.— W. E. Rob
erte, Los Angeles manager of Cudahy &
Co., denied to-day that the Beef Trust
has extended its operations to Southern
California or that the high price of meats
In the local market is due to the '"trust."
Manager Roberts declared beef is lower
at this time here than it was a year ago,
and insisted that local wholesale dealers
are not in combination, but,- on the con
trary, so far as L*os Angeles is concerned,
competition is open.
CHICAGO, April 25. — Packers place
themselves on record as welcoming th*
coming investigation of what the Federal
Government Insists Is a combine in re
straint of trade. Information from Wash
ington is that the firms to be proceeded
against without delay are Armour & Co.,
Nelson Morris & Co., Swift & Co., Cudahy
Packing Company, G. H. Hammond Pack
ing Company and Schwarzschild & Sulz
berger. The strongest evidence that an
unlawful combine exists is said to deal
with what is known as the "big three,"
Armour, Morris and Swift.
Judge W. A- Day arrived here late to
day and immediately conferred with
United States Attorney Sol Bethea re
garding the preparation and filing of a bill
praying for an injunction restraining the
packers from combining. Sufficient evi
dence is said to have been obtained to
convict the packers of having violated the
law as laid down In the anti-trust act.
Attorney Bethea refused to give out any
Information concerning the steps taken
against the beef trust, • ¦
Regarding the move of the Government
a joint statement was issued late to-day
by the packers stating their position. It
says there Is nothing to eay and nothing
to do until the legal details are taken
up by the Government representatives. It
is no small satisfaction to the packers to
realize now there is to be a fair and im
partial investigation before a recognized
tribunal, and it is bound to develop the
truth and reveal the unfounded character
of the great mass of misstatements that
have gone forth and created popular dis
quietude. The packers welcome the full
est Investigation and will give every aid
to the Federal 'authorities in pursuing
their researches.
The administration, it is , understood,
takes the view that if the beef trust has
really, raised prices arbitrarily and op
pressed the entire nation, of which there
is overwhelming proof, <ne full Justice of
the law ought to be meted out to those'
who are responsible. It is held that the
Sherman anu-trust law, under which these
proceedings will be based, is ample to put
the agents of the beef combination in jail.
The law on the point is very explicit. It
declares every person "guilty of a mis
demeanor who shall be convicted of par
ticipating in any contract or combination
in restraint of trade among the several
States or foreign nations."
It was said to-day that the Department
of Justice has little thought of ending its
campaign against the beef trust with its
efforts to enjoin and dissolve the combi
nation. Stories of criminal prosecutions
that are to follow if a case can be made
are in the air.
CALL. BUREAU. 1406 G STREET, N.
"W., WASHINGTON. April 25.— **You will
get the next news about the prosecution
of the" beef trust from Chicago," was the
announcement at the Department of Jus
tice to-day. Attorney General Knox was
not at his office, having gone to Pittsburg
on an early train for the purpose of pre
siding at the banquet of the American
Club.
Special Dispatch to The Call. -
It is ascertained that the doctors have
advised the Queen-mother for the sake
of her own health to relax her vigilance
and take a daily walk or drive. These
outings, therefore, are no indication that
her Majesty is progressing favorably.
AMSTERDAM, April 25.-In official cir
cles no amelioration of Queen Wilhel
mina's condition is admitted and her doc
tors' admission that she is not sleeping
well is taken as a bad sign.
It is alleged "that the dispatches from
the royal family concerning the Queen's
condition differ substantially from, the
medical bulletins on the eubject.
It is reported that the Queen is restive
under the liquid diet treatment and has
insisted that her nurses give her solid
•iood. In this respect, however, her doc-
M rs are inexorable. The Queen-mother
lias great difficulty in pacifying the pa
tient. v
This investigation will be held openly and
yourself, your witnesses and the public are in
vited • to be present to the end that a fair,
honest and unprejudiced inquiry may be had
and'the truth or falsity of the charges against
you ascertained. You will be given full op
portunity on that day and each succeeding day
of hearing tq confront your accusers, cross
examine witnesses and to present any evidence
pertinent to the case. Very respectfully. .
A. R. GREENE. .
Special Inspector. Department of the Interior.
BOISE CITY, Idaho, April 25. 1002:
Hon. Joseph Perrault, Surveyor General,
Boise City, Idaho — Sir: Having been Informed
by the special examiner of the Civil Service
Commission that he has concluded the ex
parte examination of the charges against you
touching your administration of the office of
Surveyor General for the district of Idaho. In
accordance with orders received from the bu
reau he represents, I have the honor to in
form you that by direction of the honorable
Secretary of the Interior I will begin an in
vestigation of the same charges, icommenclng.
at 9 o'oclock to-morrow morning, 26th inst.,
in the United States courtroom in this city. •
Department of the Interior.
Inspector of the Interior Department
Greene will begin his investigation in pub
lic to-morrow. He invited Inspector
Kemp to attend, but the latter declined.
In a letter to the Surveyor General, in
forming him when the Investigation will
•be held, Inspector Greene says:
BOISE, Idaho, April 25.— The secret In
vestigation conducted, by Civil Service
Commissioner J. J. Kemp into the charges
against United Stales Surveyor General
Perrault ended to-day and Kemp has left
town. Before closing he. invited the Sur
veyor General to appear before him, . but
that official declined. He was Indignant
and expressed himself very vigorously in
a letter sent Kemp in response.
Explains Why Some Have
'Lost Seats iii the Gen
eral Federation.
Criminal Proceedings to Pol
low Civil Action at
Chicago.
Fierce Battle Reported to
Have Occurred at Rio
Hacha.
Vigorous Letter Written to
Civil Service Commis
sioner.
Physicians Refuse Absolutely
to Give Ruler Solid
Food.
Answers Criticism Made
by California Club
Women.
Colombian Government
Troops Forced to
Surrender.
Idaho Surveyor General
Will Not Attend
Inquiry.
Medical Bulletins Con
vey Little Encour
aging News.
Department of Justice Is
Satisfied Law Is
Violated. :
MRS. BURDETTE
NOT AT FAULT
SEAPORT FALLS
TO INSURGENTS
WILL PROSECUTE
THE BEEF TRUST
HOLLAND FEARS
FOR THE QUEEN
OFFICIAL SENDS
TART REFUSAL
THE SAlST FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL. 26, 1902.
; ¦.•-.-•..,» .. ¦ - '• .. ... ¦
Rev. H. Grattan Guinness Who Is Visiting
This Gountry Will Preach To-Mbrrow; at
Young Men's Christian Association Hall
NOTED LONDON MINISTER
TO DELIVER AN ADDRESS
9
POSmM CEREAL.
"To^DETECIMPOISONS. ~~
The Body Tries to Sweat Them Out.
At a convention of medical men rn 3t.
Louis the effects of coffee drinking were
carefully considered. It was unanimously
agreed that while coffee does not seem to
injure some persons, to others It Is a rank
pcison. The effect on different persona
is, of course, very different. In some the
heart is affected, in others the kidneys,
again the stomach or bowels, or the eyes,
and in nervous cases the prostration is
spread over the whole body.
Ab an illustration, a man in Hinton,
W. Va., experienced well defined symp-
toms of poisoning from coffee. He says:
"I used coffee a great many years with
no apparent ill effects, but about nine
years ago I began being eick. I became
dull, lost my ambition, had dizziness, my
eyesight was very bad and kept getting
worse, and at times I could hardly navi-
gate at all: I felt I was going to fall
every minute, and finally rbecame so bad
I would have to sit down and rest three
or four times in a distance of twice that
many blocks.
"I went from one physician to another
and faithfully took their prescriptions, but
the case was 60 complex that they could
JT.ot successfully diagnose It. I finally
i v.ent to New York City to the Vanderbllt
for treatment. There ray case was
diagnosed as neurasthenia. Every morn-
Ing about nine, I would have a kind of
spaem. The perspiration would break out
all over the palms of my hands, and my
hair would be wringing wet, every nervo
In the body would be affected and my
heart would Jump and beat at a fearful
rate. This condition would generally last
for about two hours. W r hat I suffered no
one can understand.
"It finally came to me that these terri-
ble sweats and spasms were Just the
came as in cases where people are pois-
oned and Nature tries to throw off. the
poison through the pores. So I concluded
that something. I was taking must act
like a poison and I decided it was coffee.
I left it off one morning and had a fear-
ful headache all day, a sure sign that I
was being held up by a drug, so that
evening I bought some Postum and the
rext morning had it for breakfast , In
place of coffee. I was surprised for I
could hardly tell It from coffee. That day
I was only a little sick about the usual
time, and from the next day until now,
eomethlng over thirteen months, I have
never felt even the remotest return of
the Epasros.
f- "I steadily got strong, my weight has
increased from 130 pounds to 147 pounds
and I am a well man. The seven years
of suffering from coffee poison will al-
ways remain with me as a horrible night-
mare." Name given by Postum Co.,' Bat-
tle Creek. Mich.RE-INSURANCE ON THE H. F. GLADE
NOW STANDS AT SIXTY PER CENT
TO SAIL.
FROM : SEATTLE.
SATURDAY, j APRIL ¦ 26.
: '/•"•¦ v I 1 "' -Friday, Aprli 25.- v"
:: Btmr Point -Arena,' Hansen,- 14 hours from.
Mendocino. .(¦ ¦„'.: • _• .'•.•¦ .-••" r 1 '.¦•••;::
; - Stmr Pomona, Shea,~2 17 - hours from Eureka.'
; Stmr- *' Brunswick, -Dettmers. 54 hours from
San .Pedro. ¦¦»•¦- ~i •¦¦'.' ¦¦ ¦ ¦ .:, .
¦ ' Stmr, Admiral. ; Petersen/: 54 ¦ hour* from*' San
Pedro, In tow stmr- Brunswick. * - ¦•. • '¦ ,* ¦
Stmr 'National -City,! Johnson. 14 hours from
Fort' Brags. . : . ¦ ,¦ .>>. .' ¦ .¦ - . .-..,¦
•-• Stmr- Sequoia, Wlnkel, 70 hours from : Grays
Harbor.'. : -.¦.¦•-¦,•-¦ : . •:¦-,-..> •---.. ,- r '
- Stmr Homer, .Donaldson, 42 hours from San
Pedro/; :'-:v « •-,...-.¦¦.•, • •¦ '¦ - ¦¦-¦ •• ,- .. .'...•:-
Stmr Geo) W . Elder. I Randal^ ; 60 . hours'* from"
Shipping ¦ Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Mechanics' Institute lecture.
Th« next lecture In the series now being
held at the Mechanics' Institute will b«
delivered to-night by Frederick L. Mon-
? en -* Th . e *iT ll £ ec V ol U the 1 ecture Is "The
l%& the Snake- Dance" and will deal
with Mr. Monsen's exploration In tho
3 * tne MokI and Navajo Indians
of Northern Arizona. The lecture wlllbe
iUustrated by stereopticon views.
Storage Capacity
For 375,000 barrels of beer ALL, THE
TIME enables the Auheuser-Busch Brew
ing Aw-n. Bt. Louis, U. S. A., to properlv
mature Its product, thus Insuring purtty
perfection and palatableness Ordi»ri
promptly filled by E. G. Lyons &RaIl
Co., wholesale dealers, $an Francisco. •
lecture on Industrial Betterment.
N. O. Kelson, a manufacturer and co
operator of St. Louis, Mo., and proprietor
of the model factory village at Le Claire,
HI., will deliver an address to-morrow
evening at Golden Gate Hall on "My Ex-
n £ es J?, l *** stTi £ Betterment." The
address will follow B. Fay Mills' reeular
Sunday evening discourse. Nelson^a^
authority In his line and stlnds for^l
2SK&A **' reIatIons o£ °W
reinsurance rate, on the Ger-
I man ship H. F. Glade was yes-
II terday' advanced to 60 per cent.
11 The Glade is the only one of;the
October grain fleet not account
ed for. She left this port for Queena
town 188 days ago. Her cargo was loaded
during the strike and, it. is said, by in
experienced longshoremen. Fears are en
tertained that It may. have . shifted dur
ing a heavy blow and materially assisted
in disabling, if not sinking, the- wind
jammer. '. ' .
it is many years since there was ; such
activity In reinsurance speculation 1 ,: In:
this city as at the present time. There
are now eleven . vessels on the overdue
list that are all being more or less ac
tively played by local speculators. The
rate was advanced yesterday on eight of
the eleven. In addition to the H. ' F.
Glade those advanced yesterday were:
Red Rock to 25 per cent, Dirigo to 15 per
cent, Yosemite to 30 per cent. Tweeds
dale to 15 per cent, .; Mahukona to. 25 per
cent and the ' Corunna to 15 per cent. ¦ .
To-Day's News Letter.
The chief good quality of the San Francisco
Xews Letter is that there Is something good on
every page. To-day's issue is an example. The
story this week' is "Treklng -With Trarls."
the first of a series of very bright sketches by
A.fred Galpin. It Is full of snappy dialogue
This week's reminiscences by an old news
paper man deal with duels between and as
saults upon pioneer Journalists. "Rider Roose
velt, by Sam C. DuCham, the Klondike poet
!£n an cx " llent satire, commended by General
Miles. Strange Commonplaces" tells of some
of the queer of the town. There Is Han
article on Robert Louis Stevenson In connection
with a speech recently made at a Native
Daughters' meeting that will arouse discus
sion Betsy Bird retails some spicy gossip
and in "Campaign Echoes 1 ? a complete review
of the political situation Is The L^kw
%?J B tU lL Ot gOod MorIes a " d &e T^wn Crilr
gS'ap iSSSt are^lfhanS^y &
pltle^riuthlnV 001^ *««*»>«» " 4-
Colonel ¦William Auman, Twenty-ninth
Infantry, has been . assigned to duty at
department headquarters in the Phelan
bulldingr Captain Edward C. Caseyf Thir
tieth Infantry, has been placed on duty
he at the Presidio. The
bodies of F. E. Colman, Thirty-sixth In
'antry. and T. C. Pate. Third Cavalry
Jt h ?h^w « n '^^WPPtaes. were buried
mnl^ry^S. ° em€tery yesterday wlth
News in Army Circles.
Orange Blossoms Scent the Air.
An enjoyable outlngr has been arranged
traln^wH r h^; " j*"* * A 8pectal Pul1^
train with dining car will leave here at
9 a. m. for Penryn, where lunch will be
SHLJT'SS^Uira.SsSK
througrh the orchards on Sunday. Visitors
will sleep In their cars, and leave Loomll
returning at 5:30 p. m. Sunday. AltSSsTh!
er a. delightful- trip. Better makPim.
party! The cost-Is only $10. malse .'. u l> *
Judge Graham yesterday awarded the
custody of Jenta Fishburn to Secretary
White of the Society for .the Prevention
™«i C M« 1U ii to £ hI1< J ren - Jose P h
and his alleged wife have been attempt-
Ihl iS,,™^ p °s ses si°n of the' child on
the ground that the woman had reformed
It was shown In the previous trial that
she was not a fit person to have the guar
dianship of Jenta. Judge Graham decked
adversely to the petitioners and the girl
phanUe^^ t0 the MarIa KI P
I*ose Suit for Custody of Child.
Dies in Convulsions.
- Charles H. Ahlberg, a quartermaster on the
lighthouse j tender Madrone, died yesterday
morning at the Harbor Receiving-Hospital un
der conditions which will be Investigated by
the Coroner. He was picked, up about 6 o'clock
yesterday morning on Harrison-street : wharf,
where the Madrone Is berthed, in violent con
vulsions. He died ten minutes after reaching
the hospital. He went on duty Thursday night
In apparently good health. He has been In the
Government service a number of years. He is
married and lived with his family on Lyon
street. - He was 40 years of age, a native of
Sweden. -. .. -••>:•,¦>:-;
Needs Overhauling.
. The Pacific Mall Steamship San Juan, which
arrived, late last evening ¦ from Panama and
way ports, was delayed throughout the trip
on account of the condition of her boilers. ¦ She
should have been laid up last trip, but it was
decided to let her make one more ¦ voyage. • The
drydock at the Union Iron Works Is ready
for her, and before 'she sails again she will be
put »n good condition within and without.
Last of the Salmon Fleet.
.The. bark Fresno, loaded with men and sup
plies for . the' canneries, ' pulled Into the stream
yesterday and will go to sea this morning. The
steamer Kvlchak is expected to: get away Sun
day morning, and with, the sailing on Tuesday
of the- steamer Alltak and the ship Star of
Italy the last of. the Alaska Packers' fleet will
be on Us way* north. . ¦ .. ¦ . • s,
Joseph H. Matthews Kesigns.
Joseph H. Matthews, supervising engineer of
the I army transport service at ¦ this '• port; • yes
terday resigned his position. Matthews has
been with the service since shortly after it was
established. His ' successor : has not yet been
appointed. ., ': - • • ¦¦ , , - . .
Comes to Be Overhauled.
The schooner Admiral arrived here yesterday
from San Pedro in tow of the steam schooner
Brunswick. • She will be placed on- the dry
dock and thoroughly overhauled. 2
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
The British ship Glenalvon and the French
bark Olivier de CHsson'are chartered for wheat
and Barley to Europe at ' 2Cs. • "
rro^Tac^r t&S^^^ : Wheat
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Ln jted States Coast and • Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of . Hli;h and liw
Raters at Fort Point, entrance \ to - San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
-tnorlty of the Superintendent.
The : high and : lew waters " occur at
the city front t (Mission-street wharf) about
ir "l^i'i** mlnute » lat « than at Fort Point
the height of tide is the same at both- places
, Time Ball.
Branch Rydrographlc .. Office, ~ t TJ. - 8. ..N. , . Mer
chants'. Exchange, Saa Francisco, Cal.,
April. 25, 1002..- v ¦¦;••.• ' .^ ' . " -
The Time Ball on the tower *of the Ferry
eullding was dropped exactly at noon to-day,
i. e.. at noon of the 12oth meridian. - or. at S
p.' m.'. Greenwich mean time. •--'¦• - '-' ¦• »<
W. H. STANDLKT.
:';';; .. Lieutenant. U. S. .N..- In charge. •
Movements of Steamers.
TO ARRIVE.
CAPE * TOWN— Sailed -April 26^-ShiD Go^
Roble; > for ¦ New '-York. .: • -¦ ¦¦ ¦'<.<-¦: .,;... f L . ¦.
'OYSTER": HARBOR— Sailed ~ AprU 24— Bark
Gatherer,* for -'San- Francisco- * -
• DUNKIRK- Sailed , ; April i 22— Fr^bark^St
Donntlen.'. for." San : Francisco. ¦ -• '•
HIOGO^Salled. April . 23— Br ship Garnet
Mil), for . . . ... ., wS&wawriiftfc^
S n aI^. 2^ Br ' hte John
pArriyed April 24— Br ship Balasore. hence
=- MONTEVIDEO— Sailed Arrll 24^-Br etmr
Pembrokeshire., fbr.- United Kingdom. > ;
¦'QUEENSTOWN— Soiled . Anril 24— Br ship
Olaokmannar,shire.-for Tyne; Br ship Pass of
Melfort, -for -Hamburr.. ¦ • "' ' ' • - ¦ '
-^Reported arrlvalaiof- GerJshiD* Slam and Fr
bark ,Cren : Mel!net were ¦ erroneous. •. ' .
V: ST VINCENT— Sailed Aoril ; 1— Br" stmr Pal
atlnia. - for • United . Kingdom. • -,
• ' GIBRALTAR— Passed ; April 24— Br «tmr
Pintr Suey. from Yokohama, for London. .
¦: VENTNOR^-Passed Ai>ril 23— Fr bark «La
Bruyere. from^Leith. for San. Francisco. '¦
„ FALMOUTH— Arrived - April 22— Ger «hl D
Slam, hence Dec.. 24.', •-.-¦*• : " K
-NEWCASTLE. ' Aus— Sailed April 10--Br
ship Osborne. for-Sanr Francisco. • ¦.. ¦
. PLYMOUTH— Arrived Anril 23— Fr \ bark
Gen ,' Mel lnet, • from t Oregon/ *
_ SAIGON— Arrlyed— Br atmr. Klntuck. from
Seattle, for Liverpool. :•: ." . . - '"' u
VALPARAISO — Arrived -March 21— Chll
slmr.-TueaixsV. hence- Feb ; 10.- April 24— Chil
stmr Palena. hence March 13 ' ~TT." "
>VTOKOHAMA— Arrived A»rll 24— Br stmr
Duke of Fife, from Tacoma. <¦""•.
Arrived April * 24^-Br ship
ThaJatta. - hence iNov '20.- *¦ •- ?'•-.'-.: -« ,
¦;- IQUIQUE^Arrlved ; April 18-^-Schr. Spokan«;
from -Port. Ludlow. ' . • -*;. , ; ¦• ¦•.
foreign;^ ports.'
Portland, viia Astoria 45ft • hours. ' ' V V " , ; :
BJar^arb^ 0 "- Erlckson ' *> : *our. from
poK^'S' 10 "' K h0U ™ *"» New *
cu|^M^ora^^ 0 «•**».<*-
CcSs'Vy SSle - 1 J ln ? r ' Pitney. 6 day, from
Port h Gambi: rt:Searl^: Plitz - 12 " da *» 'rom
. './- '" > *" CLEARED. ¦
J^ll^e^nfd^S^SSiS
KniseT* Or f Ce .; D ° lter : Fosen ' .'• Seattle; B T
n StI ™ r -City. of-.Puebla,/ Jepsen, •Victoria, a Ad
PorrTownsend; Goodali.: Perkin. & Co
ffiffi^fe Br , tet01 >*:
¦spSe,, R »roV '¦& •- John8On - HII ° : J ; D
¦'.¦ •.¦•.•' SAILED, : : -'-,-..'
Stmr' Edith^Ha»;. Seattie. Frlda3VApr11 25 -
Stmr. Gip«y ; - Lcland. Santa Cruz —
Stmr Phoenix; pdland. Mendoclno.
Stmr Del Norte.-Green,' San Pedro. -
;Stmr Argo. Dunham.' Port Kenyon.
¦¦ i t _ m 5w? r^ nS Ti lck^ D f ttmep8 ' lOray8 Harbor.
Br shlp.Castle Rock. Jones.' Queenstown.
Bark Mauna Ala..- Smith; Honolulu.
Bark B P Cheney. Johnson, Bristol Bay.
Bark. Roderick Dhu, Johnson. Hllo.
Bark Fresno, Rose, - Alltak. • • . "•,
Schr.Corinthian, Korth, Coqullle River. .
¦ ' ¦••¦¦---¦-,' ¦¦;':. spoken. . , :¦ ¦.
o K P f r »^£ ftmr; Ventnor. from Calcutta— April
25, lat 48 18 N.. Ion ltB 42 .W. schr Mahukona.
from Zamboar.tra.;for Port Townsend; short of
I'rovisions. ' ¦ -" * * -'¦>¦..*-. .» ... u . , . w .
;- - . • *¦? -TELEGRAPHIC." ¦' ¦'
' POINT LOBOS. •• April- 25, '10 p - m— Weather
hazy; wind^ NW,^velocity 10 mlfts/per hour.
'. - ¦"-. • ¦- . : PpRTS: "¦ -: -
.ASTORIA^Arrived ; April" 25—Stmr Colum
-a«;.i h^> nCe AprI1 ?? : -.' stmr Aberdeen, hence
•April »-«£. ¦ *"r *.*>. " ' * ". •' * - : - ' - -* - , - ... - .
SSSSB^^JSSSwSs 25 " stmr Elnplre '
-^Sailed April 25^-Stmr Signal, for San Fran
4 PORT ' GAMBLE^Arrived , April 25— ««hr
Alice Cooke, frtjm Honolulu. ! - ooar
i-i 1 "^* 1 BA.Y.-Passed ln_ April 25— <3er bark
\ isurgi*. . from Hongkong. .• ,
¦ Passed out April 26— Stmr Despatch. foe-San
Pedro; bark: Gatherer. .for San Francisco: stmr
Nome City, for Nome; «chr; Endeavor, for San
£ BOWENS ¦(• LANDING— Arrived April 25—
Stmr Gualala,: hence April 24.' • -^
Vi P0R «? T OWNSEND - iArrJve<1 ¦¦*>"*» 25— Schr
Alice Cooke.-.from Honolulu.. - - ......
Arrived- April 25— Stmr Umatllla
hence; April^2t; ¦:- . v -. /--.^-^ . ¦ ..->.
: Sailed Anrll 25^-Stmr Calif ornian. for Hono
lulu; schr. Gardiner- City, from Salina* Cruz;
echr ;J/M .Weatherwax, for San Francisco. .
. Arrived 26— Stmr Eureka, from Se
attle, . for . Honolulu. • ¦- •¦ ¦- •;¦•.. ¦'
• SAN PEDRO— Sailed "AdtJI 25— 8tmr Fulton,
for S«n ; Francisco: stmr Pasadena, for Eureka
-.CASPAR— Arrived . Aarll 25— Stmr Samoa,
hence A^ril: 24." ,<¦¦•¦ ,•¦;..; •.
.^ FORT BHA'QG-J Arrived ; . April \ 25— Stmr
Newsboy, hence April 24. -...'¦ •• '
' SEATTLE— SaUed -. Arril 24— Stmr Nome-
City.: for Nome;* atmrs Humboldt and- utmr
Clihu Thomson, .for: Skazway. April 25 — Stmr
5ureka. for. Honolulu :;11- a m. »tmr Progreso.
for ¦ San ¦: Francisco. • -.¦¦.;.« * :
- KILLISNOO— Arrived . A»rll 11— Schr James
Rolrh. hence March-26.,. .' ¦: . ,
, EUREKA— Arrived April 25— Br bark Wool
lahra, from Shanghai: ' " ~ « >\--
Arrived: 'April .25^-Stmr North Fork, hence
April 24; strar Epreka, • hence April 24.
WRANGEL— Arrived -April . 13— Ship L J
Morse.'- hence. March 23. ,¦ ' .
• SOUTH BEND— Sailed April. 25^-Schr North
Bend,- for San. Francisco." • • , •¦ -
NEWPORT— Sailed April ' 25 — Schr Bertha
Dolbeer. ' for Eureka. - • ; ¦ .. ,:' '. .
L- •¦.¦..,'-' .'eastern; port." •
« *iFF YORK--Salled ": April : 24— Shin . Henrj'
B Hyde, for.BalUmbre and San Francisco.
the early morning tides are given, In the left
hand column and the successive tides, ot the
day in the order of occurrence as to time;' tn*
fourth time column gives the last tlds of th«
day, except when there are but three tides, *j
sometimes occurs. The heights given are In
•edition to the soundings of the United Sniea
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus (— )
sign precedes the height/ and thenthe- number
given Is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference Is th» mean
of the lower low waters. .
LONG OVERDUE „ GERMAN SHIP WHICH -IS QUOTED ON THE RE
INSURED LIST AT 60 PER CENT. . SHE IS THE ONLY ONE OF THE'
OCTOBER GRAIN FLEET NOW UNACCOUNTED FOR.
The H street main sewer, now being ex
tended westerly from Fourteenth avenue, and
the proposed section between Tenth and
Seventh avenues, will ultimately serve for
storm waters only. Sewage proper of the Ud
per Sunset District is to be carried in a sepa
rate conduit and delivered across the park into
the mains of Richmond District. This second
sewer will also have an alignment along H
street westerly from Seventh avenue.
H street Is at the south side or the" park.
The sewer for house drainage should be lo
cated on the south side of the street, becaus*
there will be few, if any, connections there
with from the north. The sewer for storm
water should be located either in the center of
the street or to the north thereof.
This storm sewer Is to be used temporarily
to receive house drainage as well as rain water
because the city Is not prepared to carry out
the entire drainage project at this time
Grunsky explains that the sewer is part
of the main drainage system and the lo
cation upon the north side has been pre
ferred f of the reason that a double line
oi car tracks and a central pole line
¦would have made the construction oT a
large conduit in a deep trench between
the car tracks less • convenient and more
expensive. The sewer, In that casd,
would have been less accessible, and
would, during construction, have been a
much greater inconvenience to travel
than in the selected location. The report
continues:
The Board of Public Works will submit
to the Board of Supervisors to-day the
report of City Engineer Grunsky as to
¦why the proposed Sunset main sewer be
tween Seventh and Tenth avenues has
been deflected from the center line of H
street to the north side thereof.. Com
plaint was made that this would entail
extra expense on property owners for the
construction of side sewers to ' connect
with the south side of the street.
PRISONERS KNOWN IN GELROY.
*£Sr°I' Ap^ 25 — Annle and KitUe
rsihill, who are under arrest In San Fran
cisco with a trio of burglars caught at 835
Howard street, are well known here. The
elder sister Annie, was here a few months
ago and lived for a short time on her
Sf rifroi C II ken nmch two mIles north
or oilroy. She was in company with
Thomas Barker, whom she claimed was
fc-' Jsbimd ; Wl L Ile the 16 w *re here
there were two burglaries committed in
the neighborhood. Houses temporarily va
cated by the owners were ransacked and
« n « 5°™*. that of H. S. Murray, was
"^ d °f a w *gon load of goods, among
other things a sewing machine It is
f™** 1 at Ba t ker had an
from San Jose, who carted away the plun
der. It was weeks after the burglary be
fore it was discovered. The Head en farm
house south of town was also enteredand
a violin and two shotguns stolen. Local
fSn e / 8 |« be^ V< W that part ot the Plunder
l?olei SoSguKE"*- 1 ™" hoU8e . *"
There is no doubt now that Hamilton
is the man who snatched Mrs. Freeman's
purse from her hand on a car at Market
end Powell streets on the night of March
<9. He was chased and captured by
Judge Fritz and threatened the Judge
with a revolver if he did not release him
George Smith and,, Harry Harris, who
were playing cards in the Baldwin Annex
when Hamilton in his flight ran through
there from Ellis to Market street, posi
tively identified him in the City Prison
yesterday, although his mustache had
been shaved off. Both said they had a
good look, at him and could npt be mis
taken. E. K. Jones, an insurance agent
who was on the car with Judge Fritz, is
al £! c i rtaln th *t Hamilton is the man
The five prisoners are being kept in sep
arate cells and have not been permitted
to see any attorney or communicate with
tfcejf *£«"*»• It is within the range of
probability that one Trfll confess, which
will help the police greatly in finding the
owners of the stolen property.
Mrs. A. Murray positively identified the
telescope basket and its contents, stolen
from her room at 20S Powe;i street Wed
nesday night, and Mrs. Annie Morrison,
the landlady, has identified Hamilton as
the man she saw in the lodging-house
about 1 ft o'clock Thursday morning.
Sidney Itslop. who lives in the Palmerlee
House, has also identified a dress suit
case found at S35 Howard street as one
belonging to him which had been stolen
from his .room. All the property found
in the house will be open for inspection
at police headquarters to-day, when it is
expected most, if not all of it, will be
identified by the owners.
Additional evidence was secured yes
terday by Policeman H. P. Braig and
Detective Reynolds against Joseph King,
the "preacher convict," Thomas Barker,
Harry Hamilton, alias Day, alias Blair,
Mrs. Annie Barker and her sister, Kittle
Kihill, whom Braig arrested early Thurs
day morning at 835 Howard street.
Explains Its Deflection
From the Center of
H Street.
Policeman Braig- Makes
Good Progress in His
Investigation.
FINDS EVIDEHGE
AGAINST CROOKS
BOARD DEFENDS
SUNSET SEWER
THE : SAN rBAyci^GO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL, 26^ 1902;
Rates Advance All Along; the; Line ';and ; Speculation on /the Fate
of Overdue Vessels Is, Unusually Active—German Ship!That
Heads List } the' Orily /October' Gra^in ; Carrier : Still': Missing
10
Eteamer.
From.
I Due.
Kewburg.'..'. Grays Harbor , ........'.lApr. 26
Aut t ra ! ia .... Tahiti • I Apr. 2«
Arcata....... Coos Bay & Pt.- Oxford.. Apr. 26
J. 1 S. Kimball Seattle &Tacoma ..... Apr. 27
Enterprise... Hllo '..'..'.'. Apr. 27
Eureka. ....'. Humboldt ¦......:....... Apr. 27
Curacao Mexican Ports.. •; V. Apr. 27
Queen..:.... Puget Bound Ports..:... Apr. 27
O. Ltndauer.. Orays Harbor ......... Apr. -27
Progreso..... Seattle ............'. Apr. -27
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Pts.: Apr. 2S>
Emp! r». ..... Coos ; Bay ............;. Apr. 2S
Crescent CHy Crescent . City : . .... .... Apr. ; 28
Santa Monica Grays Harbor ...I .JApr. 2S
Santa Cruz.: Newport & - Way . Ports. | Apr. 20
R«!n!cr... ... Seattle & New Whatcom Apr.' 23
North Fork.. Humboldt ..:...¦......¦; Apr.' 30
San Jose Panama & ..Way: Ports. . Apr." 3D
Columbia.... Portlands 4 Astoria Apr.'.SO
Chehalls ..... San ' Pedro 7. ....'.'.:.. ... : j Apr. 30
Victoria.'. . . .. Comox . • .". . . . [Apr. 'HO
Pomona Humboldt...... .....'•... Apr.- 30
Point Arena. . Point Arena ;.......... May 9 1
SanUvRosa.. San Diego & Way Ports May 1
Nippon Maru. China & Japan ........ May ,2
Umatllla.... Pue-et Sound Ports....'.. M'ay^ 2
Coos Bay.... San. Pedro & Way Ports. May I 3
Nekc. ....... Seattle .......... .i ..... May 4
Leelanaw. . . . New York via Panama. May 4
Mandalay . . . . Coijullle River ....;.... May 4
«*. W. Kider.. Portland & Astoria .... Mav 5
Coronado. . . . San 1 Pedro ... .'. .; ...... May ¦ 5
Guatemala... Valparaiso ............. May 6
Alamoda Honolulu ;; May"" 6
Iteamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
Arctic.....
Acme.....*.
L*kme
Pt. Arena.:
City Pucbla
Pomona. .. .
Santa Rosa
Coos Bay. . .
O Elder...
San Juan..'
. Area ta :.'.*..
.Eureka."...
Empire ....
(Sequoia....
"Newburgr..
.;¦.-• ' ¦ ' . "
Chehalls...
fitat<- Cni:~.
J. Kimbali.
Sonoma. .. .
Doric......
Argjll.;...
.Queen. .....
;AUlancc...
April 26.
Humboldt v .......
Sluslaw River
Astoria : & Portland. |
Point Arena ......
Puget Sound Porte
. April 27. |
Humboldt .'.'.'. .'.'.'..'.
San Diego & Way..
April 28. '
San Pedro & Way. .
Astoria & Portland.
Panama & "Way Pts
April 2O. I
Coos Bay & Pt: Orfd|
Humboldt .........
Coos. Bay •..'.......
Grays Harbor- .*•....
Grays Harbor . . . : .
~ May 1.
Grays Harbor ....".
Ban DleKO & Way.. I
Seattle I & Tacoma. . |
Sydney & Way - Pts
China & Japan....
N. Y;-' via . Panama.
Puget Sound Ports
Portland & Way Pts
May 2. i
Newport & Way Pts
Humholdt ; .......'..
May 3.
Humboldt ; .:.'•:....
Astoria & Portland
Bear Harbor ,';..:..
Seattle ! & Falrhaven
Golofnln ' Bay-Teller
,-•- May 4. ..-¦ -V
Tahiti direct
May 5.
Grays Harbor '¦'.". . :".
¦¦: ¦¦:. May O.
Pug'et Sound Ports.
10 am
12 -: m
10 am
2 pm
Ham
1:80 p
0 am
I 9 am
(11 am
12-m
1 10 am
D am
10 am
4 pm
5 pm
- '
I 4 pm|
I » ami
|10 am|
10 am
1 pm
2 pm
II am
0 ami
Pier/ a
Pier 2
Pier 2
Pier a
Pier 9
Pier- "9
Pier 11
Pier. 11
Pier 21
PMSS
I -;• v . ¦¦
Pier 13
Pier 1>
Pier. 13
Pier: 2
Pier: a
IPier —
I Pier, 11
IPier 2
Pier 7
PMSS-
Pier 10
Pier 9
IPier. 16
Santa Cruz.
Pomona. .V
0 am
1:30 p
Pier 11
Pier" 0
Ncrtfc Fork
Columbia:.
Westport..
Rainier.'....
.BeFSie K..
1 12 ml
HI ami
I 5 pm
4 pm
I Pier' 2
tl'ier 2*
Pier i 2"
Pier 2
Pier —
i ¦'.
Australia. .
10am
Pier " 7
Coronado. .
4 pm
Pier 2
UmatiUn...l
[11 am
|Pier -• 9
*> learner.
For.
| Silli.
Portland;.... Nomedlrect . ......... '; Apr. 20
Dlrigo. ...... Skasway.A- Way. Ports. Apr.. 27
City Seattle. . Skngway & .Way. . Ports. Apr. ; 29
.ieanf<- :'..':.:: Nome ; direct ' (about). ; J. Apr. 2B
Dolphin . . .... Skagway & • Way Ports. | Apr. ? 20
Cottage City. PkaKwart&,.Way Ports.IAnr.3o
CltyTopeka.. Skagway & Way. Ports. May 5
Farallon.V... Skagway & Way Ports. May <'s
Chlco. . ; ; . . ; . Sunrise &"Hope". City. |May L 5
Bf-rtha... .... Cooks Inlet & Way PtsJMayilO
Pun . rises .V. ; . . ."....'.'. . ." ¦••¦¦.-¦..-. . —
Sun pets .'..... ...... ....¦..":".*.":" V **•"""'¦*•*¦
Moon rises ;..'..... .-. . ..*"*; * V ;;*¦*"£'(} t'o^'j
• 5:2'j
.6:55
5. . m.
*_ !LZ ___ hjL _i_ h,w ' . |2vw
2« 0:63 :4.8 -7:53 0.4| 3:17 "Ti'T^Sfi
27: 1:29 . 4.6 8:36 0.5 4:00 "1.2 st C
2S 2 :00 4.4 9 :20 0.7 4 :57 42 0 -37
2-J 2:« ,4.2 10:10 . 0.9 : 5:45 1 3 10-62
30 .3:52 4.0 11:02 1.1 6:30 4 8 "
L-W . H W - I, W ' h'tV
1. 0:00 3.1 ,5:18 3.9 11:57 1.3 ":1O
2 ,0:57 2.6 6:37 .; 3.0 12:55 1.6 ? 7-48
3 (1:4s -2.0 7:4S ,4.1 l:42f ' 1.6 8:24
FV
•3.0
3 0
> 3.1
S.2
j" '¦"¦
>4.S
' B.O
5.1
NOTE— In the aboVc "' exposition of the tide*
Eteamer.
From.
I Due.
Kewburg.'..'. Grays Harbor , ........'.lApr. 26
Aut t ra ! ia .... Tahiti • I Apr. 2«
Arcata....... Coos Bay & Pt.- Oxford.. Apr. 26
J. 1 S. Kimball Seattle &Tacoma ..... Apr. 27
Enterprise... Hllo '..'..'.'. Apr. 27
Eureka. ....'. Humboldt ¦......:....... Apr. 27
Curacao Mexican Ports.. •; V. Apr. 27
Queen..:.... Puget Bound Ports..:... Apr. 27
O. Ltndauer.. Orays Harbor ......... Apr. -27
Progreso..... Seattle ............'. Apr. -27
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Pts.: Apr. 2S>
Emp! r». ..... Coos ; Bay ............;. Apr. 2S
Crescent CHy Crescent . City : . .... .... Apr. ; 28
Santa Monica Grays Harbor ...I .JApr. 2S
Santa Cruz.: Newport & - Way . Ports. | Apr. 20
R«!n!cr... ... Seattle & New Whatcom Apr.' 23
North Fork.. Humboldt ..:...¦......¦; Apr.' 30
San Jose Panama & ..Way: Ports. . Apr." 3D
Columbia.... Portlands 4 Astoria Apr.'.SO
Chehalls ..... San ' Pedro 7. ....'.'.:.. ... : j Apr. 30
Victoria.'. . . .. Comox . • .". . . . [Apr. 'HO
Pomona Humboldt...... .....'•... Apr.- 30
Point Arena. . Point Arena ;.......... May 9 1
SanUvRosa.. San Diego & Way Ports May 1
Nippon Maru. China & Japan ........ May ,2
Umatllla.... Pue-et Sound Ports....'.. M'ay^ 2
Coos Bay.... San. Pedro & Way Ports. May I 3
Nekc. ....... Seattle .......... .i ..... May 4
Leelanaw. . . . New York via Panama. May 4
Mandalay . . . . Coijullle River ....;.... May 4
«*. W. Kider.. Portland & Astoria .... Mav 5
Coronado. . . . San 1 Pedro ... .'. .; ...... May ¦ 5
Guatemala... Valparaiso ............. May 6
Alamoda Honolulu ;; May"" 6
Iteamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
Arctic.....
Acme.....*.
L*kme
Pt. Arena.:
City Pucbla
Pomona. .. .
Santa Rosa
Coos Bay. . .
O Elder...
San Juan..'
. Area ta :.'.*..
.Eureka."...
Empire ....
(Sequoia....
"Newburgr..
.;¦.-• ' ¦ ' . "
Chehalls...
fitat<- Cni:~.
J. Kimbali.
Sonoma. .. .
Doric......
Argjll.;...
.Queen. .....
;AUlancc...
April 26.
Humboldt v .......
Sluslaw River
Astoria : & Portland. |
Point Arena ......
Puget Sound Porte
. April 27. |
Humboldt .'.'.'. .'.'.'..'.
San Diego & Way..
April 28. '
San Pedro & Way. .
Astoria & Portland.
Panama & "Way Pts
April 2O. I
Coos Bay & Pt: Orfd|
Humboldt .........
Coos. Bay •..'.......
Grays Harbor- .*•....
Grays Harbor . . . : .
~ May 1.
Grays Harbor ....".
Ban DleKO & Way.. I
Seattle I & Tacoma. . |
Sydney & Way - Pts
China & Japan....
N. Y;-' via . Panama.
Puget Sound Ports
Portland & Way Pts
May 2. i
Newport & Way Pts
Humholdt ; .......'..
May 3.
Humboldt ; .:.'•:....
Astoria & Portland
Bear Harbor ,';..:..
Seattle ! & Falrhaven
Golofnln ' Bay-Teller
,-•- May 4. ..-¦ -V
Tahiti direct
May 5.
Grays Harbor '¦'.". . :".
¦¦: ¦¦:. May O.
Pug'et Sound Ports.
10 am
12 -: m
10 am
2 pm
Ham
1:80 p
0 am
I 9 am
(11 am
12-m
1 10 am
D am
10 am
4 pm
5 pm
- '
I 4 pm|
I » ami
|10 am|
10 am
1 pm
2 pm
II am
0 ami
Pier/ a
Pier 2
Pier 2
Pier a
Pier 9
Pier- "9
Pier 11
Pier. 11
Pier 21
PMSS
I -;• v . ¦¦
Pier 13
Pier 1>
Pier. 13
Pier: 2
Pier: a
IPier —
I Pier, 11
IPier 2
Pier 7
PMSS-
Pier 10
Pier 9
IPier. 16
Santa Cruz.
Pomona. .V
0 am
1:30 p
Pier 11
Pier" 0
Ncrtfc Fork
Columbia:.
Westport..
Rainier.'....
.BeFSie K..
1 12 ml
HI ami
I 5 pm
4 pm
I Pier' 2
tl'ier 2*
Pier i 2"
Pier 2
Pier —
i ¦'.
Australia. .
10am
Pier " 7
Coronado. .
4 pm
Pier 2
UmatiUn...l
[11 am
|Pier -• 9
Pun . rises .V. ; . . ."....'.'. . ." ¦••¦¦.-¦..-. . —
Sun pets .'..... ...... ....¦..":".*.":" V **•"""'¦*•*¦
Moon rises ;..'..... .-. . ..*"*; * V ;;*¦*"£'(} t'o^'j
• 5:2'j
.6:55
5. . m.
*_ !LZ ___ hjL _i_ h,w ' . |2vw
2« 0:63 :4.8 -7:53 0.4| 3:17 "Ti'T^Sfi
27: 1:29 . 4.6 8:36 0.5 4:00 "1.2 st C
2S 2 :00 4.4 9 :20 0.7 4 :57 42 0 -37
2-J 2:« ,4.2 10:10 . 0.9 : 5:45 1 3 10-62
30 .3:52 4.0 11:02 1.1 6:30 4 8 "
L-W . H W - I, W ' h'tV
1. 0:00 3.1 ,5:18 3.9 11:57 1.3 ":1O
2 ,0:57 2.6 6:37 .; 3.0 12:55 1.6 ? 7-48
3 (1:4s -2.0 7:4S ,4.1 l:42f ' 1.6 8:24
FV
•3.0
3 0
> 3.1
S.2
j" '¦"¦
>4.S
' B.O
5.1
NOTE— In the aboVc "' exposition of the tide*
*> learner.
For.
| Silli.
Portland;.... Nomedlrect . ......... '; Apr. 20
Dlrigo. ...... Skasway.A- Way. Ports. Apr.. 27
City Seattle. . Skngway & .Way. . Ports. Apr. ; 29
.ieanf<- :'..':.:: Nome ; direct ' (about). ; J. Apr. 2B
Dolphin . . .... Skagway & • Way Ports. | Apr. ? 20
Cottage City. PkaKwart&,.Way Ports.IAnr.3o
CltyTopeka.. Skagway & Way. Ports. May 5
Farallon.V... Skagway & Way Ports. May <'s
Chlco. . ; ; . . ; . Sunrise &"Hope". City. |May L 5
Bf-rtha... .... Cooks Inlet & Way PtsJMayilO
Established 1823.
WHISKEY
That's Ail!
?AKE . J0SEPH * 800 Battery Street. S«n Francisco. :
" : AD VERTISEMENTS.
If Ffs a Puzzle
To you to get good laundry work, let us
solve it for you. • • • .
Our work is always well done because
it has that care and attention that good
work demands.
A parcel here will prove to you a solu-
tion of the sroblem.
No saw edgea. *•--• '
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY ASS'N.
Office 1OO4- Market Street.
Telephone— South 42O.
Oakland Off Ice— 54 San Pablo Ave.
For Stomach Disorders*
Cout and Dyspepsia
DRINK
Best NATURAL Alkalinej Water
.220 BROADWAY. N. T.
COKE! COKE!
Cheap, Glean Fuel for Grates, Fur-
naces and Cooking.
.There Is no fuel that will compare with coke.
Delivered in any quantity. Country order*
solicited. P. A. McDONALD. 813 Folsom at.
.;^LBAILWAY TRAVEL.
Santa Fe
Trains-Daily.
Leave- Market-street Ferry Depot
I Local I Llm'd Ovrl'd I Local
-¦'./-' . Dally Dally Dally Dally
Lv. San Fran -7:20 a 9:00 a 8-00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:lSp
. •• Merced.-. 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:30 a 9:11 p
" Fresno... 2:05 p 2;S5 p 3:15 a 10:50 p
"Hanford. p 3:27 p 8:05a
•:•' VlsaUa.. 3:39p. 5:00a
••Bakersfld 6:15 p 5:20 p 7:45 a
"Kan. City.. 2:40 a 7:30 a:
'•"Chicago.. ....... 2:15p 9:00p
a for morning, p for. afternoon.
¦'¦¦0:00 a. m. train ia the California Lim-
ited. I carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and
Dining Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car
runs to Bakersfleld for accommodation - of
local ' first-class passengers. No second-
class tickets are honored on this train. Cor-
responding train arrives at 7:05 a. m. dally.
¦; 4:20 p. m. is Stockton, Merced and Fresno
local: Corresponding train arrives at 12:30
p; m.' daily. :,• • •.¦-¦--...
sr-8 : p.' m." is- the Overland Express, with
¦ through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace. Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 6:00 p m.
daily. ; ¦ - ¦ ;.-¦.•; v. -;•
.¦ 7:20 a. m. .is Bakersfleld Local stopping
at all points, in San Joaquln Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally
•- Of fices — 641 Market street and . in Ferry
Depot, ¦ San Francisco; 1112 • Broadway
Oakland. ¦ -
g when you 're going W^
m. r . East, and I '11 tell you %
W- . why to take the Bur- \
f A . lington. Tourist-cars ' fA
Ira three times a week. Rl
yl -Thro', standard sleeper III
W J to Chicago daily— past \H
I iliiillil cr yi n -Am- 1
ft ii^^^^ erica. B
WO ' * berths at 631 Vv
«& '_ W. D. Sanboxv, q^
' General Agent. ¦ &gj^\
hUitTH PACIFIC COAST RAILHOAD.;
• • "'- Via Saosallto Perry,' '
'.X'-- Commencing September 2». 1901.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLET
AND SAN RAFAEL \ ALdJ!: *
•WEEK DAYS— 6:55. 8:30. •» :30> 11 00 a. m
•1:45.: 3:15. 4:15, 6:15 •(5:15. «!« p m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
SrS&^SSS*. Wednesdays and" £$*£%¦
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentin'
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS-'5:25, 6:27. 7:« -8^35 lO^W
a. m.; '12:25, 2:15. »3:35. 4:40. B?SO i m ¦
EXTRA TRIPS, on; Mondays.
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 0:55 p. m VMnea<la y3
SUNDAYS— 6:15, *l0:00 •n'-4\ . ~,
•1:40. *3:15. 4:45. «6:30 p m.v '¦?*--*¦ m **
-_Traln« marked (•) Btart'from San On«ti. "
FROM MILL VALLEY TOYSAN IT»?n A i^'o
WEEK DAYS— 5:45. 6 "45 ' iVhs 0^
«. -m:. 12 :35. ' 2 :45, 3 :50, 5 :10 p m " ' :30
anKIuVysTA:^
"«Vi "'¦'• THROUGH TRAINS. - "
.ufc^; WWk
¦tatlifn^ m ' .?**, urt ».»»-rP«>~n;Mnta and way
ataU^ns 4 ; m '. SUn<layS ~ Duncan M1 »«'*nd way
Fairfax. Sundays— 8:00. 8:00. • 10:00., H;30
BifSgjjt?** 1 b^ts a^.tpalM.wm "run oa
. RAILWAY TBAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Train, l»Z$*Wk%Z Sgc^**" "
' • (Main Line, Foot of Marltet Street)
TSIrg — F»o» Arall. iO. 1902. — abm^j
" 7.00a Benleia, Sulsun, Elmlra and S»cr»-
... mento 6.55?
7.00a Vacarllle, "Winter*. Rumsey. 7.55*
740a Martinez, San Ramon, vallejo,
Napa. Calistoga, Sanu Roam. 6-25*
800a Darla, Woodland, Knights Landing.
3Iary»vlUe, Oroville 7-ESp
COOa Atlantic Expre»»— Ogdenr and East. 3.25*
8.00a Mies, Lathrop, Stockton 7.25?
800a Xlles. Mendota, Hanford, Vlsalla,
¦ . • Porterrllle '. 4 55?
8-30a Shasta Express — Darts, Williams
(for Bartlett Springs), 'Willows,
Red Bluff. Portland :... 7.5S»
840a San Jose, Llrennore, Stockton,
lone. Sacramento. Placerrllle,
MarysTllle, Chico, Red Bluff 4.25*
840a Oakdale.Chlnese,Sonor3,Tuo!u&ma 4.25r
8.00a Valiejo.. ;..... 12-25*
'8.00a Los Angeles Express — Martinez,
Tracy. Latnrop.Stoclcton, Merced.
Kaymond.FresnoandLoaAniceles 8-2SA
' 940a Vallejo, Martinez and Way Stations 7.55 r
t10.00A Hayward. Xilcs ami W3y Stations. t12 55p
IOCOa The Overland Limited — Ogden,
¦ Denver, Omaha. Chicago 6.25?
tLOOr Sacramento River Steamers tH.OQp
J. 00p Benleia. . Winters, Sacramento,
vi '- » Woodland. Knights Landing,
Marysvllle. Oroville 10.55a
3.30r Hayward, KUes and Way Stations.. 7 55?
400r Martinez, San Ramon.Vallejo^Kapa,
. C»ll*tOK». Santa Ross 9-25A
4-OOr Niles, Llvermore, Stockton. Lodl.. 1225?
440r Hayward,NUes,SanJose4.tvermjrs t>-65A
440r Tbe Owl Limited— Fresno, Tuiare,
Bakersfleld, Sangrns for Sanu
Barbara, Los Angeles...... 8.55a
B-OOp PortCosta,Traey.Lathrop,Stockton 1025a
600p Martinez. Antloch. Stockton, Mer-
¦ eed, Raymond, Fresno 1225?
tS40r Slles Local 7.25a
S.COr Bayward. Nlles and San Jo*«....... 7.65*.
164)07 Vallejo 1125a
8.00r Oriental - Mail— Ogden, Denver,
Omaha, St. Louis, Chicago 4293
7-OOp San Pablo, Port Costa, Martlnes /;
and Way Stations 11 -25a
J74J0» Vtlleio 7.65*
8-OSr Oregon * California Express— Sao-
ramento, Marysvllle, Redding.
Portland, Puget Sound and East. 8.55a
ta.iQy Hayward and iflles tii-SSA
COAST LINE Oarrow dange).
(foot of Market Street.)
37.45a Santa Crux Excnrsion 18.05*
8.15a Newark, Centerville. San Jose,
¦.'.-¦.;* Felton, Boulder Creek, 8»Bt*
Cruz and Way Stations.... 5 507
i U.l S* Sewark, Centerville, San Joue,
•¦'. •¦-— -., New Alroaden, Felton. Boulder
Creek. Santa Crux and Principal
Way Stations ..» 10.50a
4.1 5p Xewark. San Jose. Los Gatos....... +3. 50a
M.ISf San Jose. Los Oatos. Santa Cms... c8-50a
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAN FRANCISCO, Foot of Market St. < Slip 8)
-t7:15 9:00 1J:0Oaji. 1.00 300 5.15p.m.
From OAKLAND, Foot of Broadway — t6:0O t3:M
¦r8:03 10:00a.m. 1200 2.00 4-00 p.m.
COAST LINE (Broa.l fiaacej.
(Third ana Townsead Streets.)
8.10a ban Jose and Way Stations....;.... 6.40a
t7.C0A San Jose and Way stations..... ... +8. 00a
7.00a NewAlmaden /4.10*
|7.15a Monterey Excursion J8-30r
8.00a Coast Line Limited — San Jote,
, .' .-., Gllroy. Salinas, Saa Lais Gblspo.
Santa Barbara. Los Angeles and
' - Principal Intermediate Stations. 10-4&F
8.00a San Jose. Tres PinoV.-Santa Cru*.
_-., ... Pacific Grove, Sallnaa, San Lai*
Oblapo and Principal Intermedl-
. ate Stations 4.10>
1040a San Jose and Way Stations 846a
1140a San Jose and Way Stations 9.48a
«140> San Jose and Way Stations a 700*
t2.45r San Mateo, Redwood. Menlo Park.
Palo Alto, Santa Clara. San Jose.
Tres Plnos, Santa Crnz, Salinas,
Del Monte. Monterey and Paclfle
Grove.. ti 0.45a
34Cr San Jose. Del Monte. Pacific Grove,
Santa Cnu and Way Stations.... 7.30f
t4.15r. Saa Jose and PrlnclpalWay Stations 54Cr
tS-OOr San Jose. Los Gatos and Principal
Way Stations t900*
540r SanJose and PrlnclpalWay Stations 6407
630p San Jose and Way Stations 74Qp
7.00r New Orleans Express — San Lais
Obljpo, Bants Barbara. Los An-
geles, Demlng, El Paso, Sew
Orleans and East. 1040a
«11.4S> SanJose and Way Stations....- .;„
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.1 %d
t Sunday excepted. t Sunday only. '. ?
« Saturday only. e Monday only.
» Saturday and /Tuesday and Friday.
8 jtidasr ontr.
CALlfOBNIA NORTHWESTERN RI. CO.
SAN FBAMCISGO AN3 NORTH PAC1F13
RAILWAY COMPA5T.
Tibnron Ferry, Foot of Market St.
SAN FRAXCIS.CO TO SAX RAFAEL.
DAYS-7:30. ,9:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:33,
:3< i'. 8 » :10 * 6:3 ° p - M - Thurs<lays— Extra trlp>
f-t 11:30 p. m. . Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:50 and 11:30 0. m.
8100 ' 9:30, 11:00 a. m.: 1:30. 3:30.
5:00. «:20 p. m.
SAX RAFAEL TO SAX FRAXCXSCO.
WEEK DATS— 6:10. 7:60. 9:20. 11:10 au m.:
12:45. 3:40, 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra
trips at 1:55 and 6:35 p. in.
SUNDAYS— « .10. 9:40. 11:10 a. m.: 1:40. 3:40.
5:05. 6:25 p. m. - ¦
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. |Apr. 28. lOOlj San Francisco.
"Week I Sun- I I Sun- I Week
Days. 1 days. | Destination | daya. | Days.
7:30am 8:00am Novato. 10:40am 8:40am
3:30pm 9:30am Petaluma. 6^5pm 10:25am
B :10pm 5:00pm Santa Rosa. 7:35pm 6:20pm
. Fulton.
7:30am TVJndscr. • 10:25am
8:00pm Healdsbur?. 10:40am
Lytton.
Geyservllle.
8:30pm 8:00am Cloverdale, 7:35pm 8:20pta
7:30am 5:00pm Hopland 10:40am 10:25am
3:30pm 8:00am and Ukiah. 7:35pm 6:20pm
7:30am 10:40am 10:25am
8:00am Guernevllle. 7:33pm
3:30pm 5:00pm 6:20pm
7:30am S :00am Sonoma . 9:15am 8:40am
and
6:10pm 5:00pm Glen Ellen."]" 6 :05pm 6:20pm
7:30am| S:OOarnj~ 7 ~ 110:40am 10:25am
3:30pm| 5:00pm| Sebastopol. f 7:35pm 6:20pm
¦ Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark 'West's
Springs and ."White Sulphur Springs: at Fulton
for Altrurla: at Lytton for Lytton Springs- ac
Geyserrflle for Skaggs Springs ; at Cloverdale
for ., the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan
jprlngs, Highland Springs. KelseyvUle, Carls-
bad f Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Spr ngs: at Uklah for Vichy Springs. , Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake Witter
Springs. Upper Lake. Pomo. Potter ' Valley.
John Day >. Riverside. Lierleys. Bucknell V
Sanhedrm Helghis. Hullvllle, Orr- 8 Hot Sprlne^
Mendoclno City. Fort Brag?. "Westnort Usal
Wlllits. Laytpnvllle. Cummin,,
Harris, Olsen's Dyer. Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round- trip tickets at re-
oucea ratesvSRNBaVSj^ssssBBfJaaaj^ri
be?oV U Sa1f y^e U ,^t t n 1 Sf t iSe. 9 *¦*
buu£ng t . OffCe * 65 ° Market ¦¦f^t. Chronlcl.
H. C. WHITING.. R x RTAN
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass*. *Agt.
IIOUNT TAMALPAI3 RAILWAY
Leave Via Sausalito Ferry Arnve
ft ? !?"'- Foot of Market St. San Fran.
. 1:15p>^^.^-» ' jilt '.'I
. »""'0a«j, (31 m«ir»7 gTKSlI ud 3AC&AUX0 7X3XT.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary.^
62 9 HEARST ST. Established^
in 18*4 for tbe treatment of Private
Diseases. !.o*t "Jfanbood. Debility or
4lM>as* wearirigon body and mind and
Skin Diseases. The Doctor cure* when
others fait. Try him. - ('bargrn iorr.
<urr>Kuarnnlrrd. Call or write.
»r. jr. r. «IBBO\, bau Fraadsoo, Cal.
I AJD'^EB.TISEMJSNTS.-
Genuine CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS must
bear signature of s&~J^£*£
Te?r »«c*12 and as emsy
qFF lAADTrtfcl™ HEADACHL SEE
btt CARIlRo H3R DIZZINESS.
raSlTTLF FOR BIUOUSNESS. npMIIIMP
GENUINE h n/rn for torpid liver. GENUINE
m piii I? for cohstipatio«.
iudaddcd M m for sauow SKIS; WRAPPFR
WRAPPER g&glM I FOR THE COMPLEXION ttAr^«
<<^ie.IISrTiE3D O3& RED-PAPER."
ADVEBTISEICSUTS.
r^^^^^ '. • ¦"
I igg^a T is significant that in homes of wealth where
||p|| & the very best is demanded, Ivory Soap is
j p used in the nursery. : At the same time, in
j l^g t hundreds of families where economy decides
the choice, Ivory Soap is selected. Thus its purity
attracts the rich; its economy attracts the poor. High
: quality and low cost: is there any better combination*?
COrrHIOMT 1«1» >f THE moCTEK * SAUIIE CO. ClNCI»N»TI.NEW YORK,: April '25;— FLOUR-i-ReceiptB,
21,574 barrels; exports, 8007^barrels;, easier but
not quotably .lower. • '-.- •¦• ¦ . ; ¦¦' :- •-'_• ' - • •
-. WHEAT— Receipts', : 33,025; t exports^: 180,765
bushels; spot weak.'. No. :2' red 87^c elevator;
No. 2 red,-88%e f.o.'b. afloat: Tfo.'.l ' northern
D.uluth'.. isi%c I. o. b. afloat; No. l.liard Manl-
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK, April 25.— There, was a peri-
E'stent tendency to-day among the" stocks of
jfraln-carrjing railroads to move. in a see-saw
fashion with the price of grain. The heavy
liquidation and a violent break in prices in
this mornlng*» grain markets sent prices of
the grangerE upward with a rush. Union Pa^
ciflc. leading ¦with an extreme advance of 2%.
The movement spent Its force when It was
6een that good buying had developed in the
grain market at the decline and that prices
were rallying there from the slump caused by
report* of last night's rains. The whole mar
ket felt the lack -of the early aggressive leader,
ship of Union Pacific and during the final
hour there was a ragged recession which wiped
out many early gains and carried prices of
Important stocks among the grangers, coalers.
New York public utilities and high-priced In
dustrials below last night. • There was a late
. advance in the Southern group, marked by very
large buying of Southern Railway at an ex
treme advance of 1%. Louisville aad Nash
ville was lifted at the Bame time 2% and Chi
cago, Indianapolis and Louisville rose 3U over
last night, after erratic fluctuations. This
movement reemed designed to cheek the de
cline elsewhere in the market and when it
was seen . to be without effect the Southern
etock reacted. There was come blddiiig up cf
the grangers again at the close which was
active and steady. There was large buying
of the United States Steel during the- morning
by brokers usually employed by the syndicate.
This buying eeemed to be in connection with
the iesue of the bond-issue circular. The stocks
reacted and became . dull with the r<»st of the
market. The circular disclosed that $35,000.
000 of the proceeds of the bond Issue Is de
signed to capitalize expenditures already made
for Improvements and for properties purchased.
The Executive committee estimated that the
expenditure of 125,000,000 for proposed Improve
ments'Will add from $10,000,000 to $15,000,000
to the yearly profits. The $50,000,000 proceeds
of the f ale of bonds for cash are -thus ac
counted for. The provision for' the- $10,000,000
"allowed the underwriting «• syndicate- and the
; Foreign Futures.
' : LIVERPOOL. S -
Wheat— : ; May: July.
Opening •• 6 2U "\ ¦ fl. 114
Closing .....'.. ...6 1$ 6i2
• 'Paris; . ... .:.
v- Wheat— ' - . ;. : \, April. \ Sept. -Dec.
Opening 21 85 . 20 20- v
Closing ' 2190 -. - "2020
Flour^- ' -. ..' -. . • -v , - - - ¦ ...
Opening ........-; 2« 65 26 00 '
Closing .....;...-.... 26 75 . "C6 25
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK," April 25.—A good business -was
closed in copper, the. sales including 60,000
pounds of lake : for. July delivery at $12 and
-100 'tons standard -. for ' August at $11 "20 The
tone at the close was easy. Lake closed with
spot at $11 87%@12 10; electrolytic at $11 50®
12 and casting at $11 50@12. Standard on spot
-waa quoted at $H©11 35 and June-July at
$11 05@ll 25. ¦ ' '-.'-:-: ¦• ¦ ¦
.; The. London copper market jvas 5s. higher,
with spot 'and futures at £52 10s.
Tin was -easy at.- New York, with spot-at
$27 80@27 95, while London was £2 higher at
'£129 for spot and £123 5a for futures
Lead ruled steady but- quiet and unchanged
here* -at $4 12% and London at £11' 12s 6d. „
Spelter was steady but unchanged at $4 42V4
at New York. ' London advanced 2s 6d to £18
2s Cd. ** *. •-¦.'¦ . "-*."';', '-. .- ¦¦- - ,' - *
- Iron ruled steady to firm in the local mar
ket, but' without change. Pigiron warrants
were nominal.' No. 1 foundry Northern, $10®
20; No. 2 foundryr Northern. $18@19- No
foundry. Southern, $17 C0@18: No.- 1. fbund'ry
Southern, soft; $17 CO018. '-English markets
were higher, with Glasgow closing at 63s 6d
and Middlesboro at 48s 4%d. ~ ¦
New York Cotton Market. - "
NEW YORK, April 25.— Cotton opened flrnii
unchanged,' to 10 - points ; higher. The close
was fltm, with' Aorll 9.5Sc; May, 9.53c; June
9.52c;/ July," 9.40c; 9.21c; "September"
8.64c; October, 8.29c; November, 8.19c; Decem*
ber. :8.10c: January. 8.19c. -¦ . . ¦ " c ™.
. Eastern .Livestock Market.
ST. JOSEPH, April ¦25.-^CATTLE.— RecelpW
5000. -'Market' 5@10c lower. '• Natives, $5 25®
5 27W: cows and heifers, . $1 25@6 60;; veals
$3-25®5 60;.bulbi and -. stags, $306; stockers!
$2 25@3 30. ¦ '• . . .'
HOGS— Receipts, 6483.*. Market steady-to
*trong.. Light and light mixed, $6 85(37 17%>
medium and heavy, $7 0507 35; 'pigs, $4 36@6;
bulls," $4 7007; 25. ' .. -
¦ SHEEP— Receipts, 3515. Market steady v to
weak. ,¦' Western ¦ lambs, : . $6'25@7 10; -Western
sheep, $4 85®6 25. • , . .
• . - 'Foreign 'Markets.- : i :
. _LONiX)N;;A'pril125.— C<jrisbls, .94 Ji-16; Sil
ver, 23%; French Rentes.' 100f 8. r .c;' wheat car
goes I on- passage,"" quiet and I steady ; cargoes of
No. ' 1 Standard I California, 30s Ud ; cargoes I of
Walla: Walla,? 29s 6d. s - • • ¦.-¦-¦
-'LIVERPOOL,: April 25.— Wheat, , firm;t No. -1
' ! POTATOES — New Potatoes, 2@2%c per lb;
old, $135@165for Burbanks • from the river;
Oregon Burbanks, $1 «0@l 85; Oregon Garnet
Chiles, $1 7001 80; River Reds, $1 5001 60;
Early 1 - Rose, : for seed,' $1 6001 66; Oregon Bur
b£nks, for -seed, $1 2001 50; Swee,ts, $1 85 for
'^WIONS-^Oregons, $2 25@2 60 for the test
arid ' $1 60@2' for lower grades: Australian. $3®
8 25 ' • second hands ; Nevadas, $2 50 ;¦ Green
Onions, 30@50c : per. box. .
- VEGETABLES — Asparagus, extra fancy,
$2 25@2 50 per. box, $1 85@2 for No. 1 . and
il-60@l-.75 -for-No. 2; Rhubarb, 40@76c per
box; extra fancy, i85c@$l; Green ; Peas, 75c@$l
per sack; String Beans, from Los Angeles. 10
©niic per. lb, ¦• including ¦ Wax: Cabbage, 5u^
65c per . ctl ; Los ' Angeles Tomatoes, $l@l 60
per box and crate; Mexican • Tomatoes,' $1@1 50
per box, - Including repacked; Dried Peppers,
10011c. per lb ;\ Los ; Angeles do, : 13@17}«c;
Dried Okra, 12% ©200 per lb; Carrots, 75c per
rack; Hothouse Cucumbers, 35@75c per dozen
for small and $1@1 25 for large ;. Garlic/ 2@3c;
Los Angeles Qreen Peppers, 17 y, @20c; Mexican
do, 10®12V4c; Egg ¦ Plant, . from Los > Angoles,
17i4@20c; Summer Squash, • from Los Angeles
$1@1 60; Marrowfat Squash, $15@20 ' per ton;
Hubbard Squash, $15@20; Mushrooms, nomi
nal. .,.._ : /. • ..'.:':¦ •¦ :-.-¦-.. •','- '.;• .. '- - ¦ ¦¦-¦....
'I I r 4 ;'; K P6idtry and:Game.- : ;
' ' Receipts of Calif orniah • Poultry were light
and young I stock" was ' In demand , at steady
prices.'- 'Old.' stock was dull 'under liberal ' sup
plies r of local and Eastern. ', - . ¦ ¦ - - . ¦•..-¦¦
. Game ',- moved ;off \well, . at better : prices for
some kinds.-. Receipts were. 12 sacks.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 13®14c for Gob
blers and .15<8>lCc, ; for Hens;: Geese,.'per : palr,
$1 5O@1J5; Goslings, $2 25@2 50;^ Ducks, $4 50
hi for i old ; and . $7@8 - for young; - Hens, $4®
6 60;- young. Roosters, $6 50!@8; old Roosters
$4 26@4- 50: Fryers, $500; Broilers, $404-50 for
large and. ?2® 3 '50 for small; Pigeons. $1 50®
1.75 per dozen for old and $202 25 for Squabs
¦GAME — Hare, $1@1 25; ; Rabbits. $1 50 for
Cottontails and $1' for Brush; Gray Geese, $2 50
®3; White Geese, 75c@$l; Branti'$l 25@1 50;
English Snipe, $2 50@3; Jack. Snipe, ?I;50.
•"' ¦":¦'• Butter, Cheese mdEggs.:
t't Butter^ continues .very. -weak. ., Receipts from
Humboldt are rapidly increasing, v as ' usual : at
this time of the year, "and the Eastern markets
• Fancy Oregon '¦ Onions are higher. ? The top
quotation . was easily obtainable for some
small lots. - The large offerings of green in
terfere ¦ with the sale of the lower grades. One
car of Nevadas came in -and . being. In good
condition-.met- with ready sale at $2 CO per ctl.
Receipts of green were heavy again. and there
were large quantities carried over , from the
previous day.' ¦ , - * ' ¦ . , - ' - -
Owing to the • cold weather receipts of As
paragus were light and prices advanced again.
Receipts . of ' Rhubarb ' were moderate and tha
market cleaned up fairly" well. Peas were un
changed; the' banners cleaned up the market
at 1 cent" per lb. ••Los "Angeles -Vegetables con
tinue to bring good prices. / - . ¦¦ : » '.
'The /Oregon steamer arrived 'with 3907 sks
Potatoes*- . and . a firm feeling .prevailed in
choice .Burbanks. -As" no business had been
done up to ' a late hour quotations were un
changed, although higher prices are expected.
On other descriptions of old Potatoes the mar
ket rules • steady. The usual quantity of new
were received and prices remained the same.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
The pressure has fallen slowly along the
coa«t of California and has risen east of the
S!erras. An area of high pressure overlies the
coast from Point Reyes northward. No rain
has fallen in California during the past twelve
hours, although the weather has been gen'
easily cloudy.
The temperature has risen over the greater
portion of the Pacific Slope..
Forecast msde at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight. April 20 1902-
Northern California — Fair Saturday; warmer
light northerly winds, changing to easterly *
Southern California— Fair Saturday; warmi
er; light northerly winds ¦
cr!y'w*ind7 F&lr: wanaer Saturday; light north-
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair- warmer
Saturday; light northerly winds. warmer
ALEXANDER O. McADIE - "
- - - Forecast Official, i
FORECAST.
Temperature at 7 a. m.. 48. w ;\iT,
WEATHER CONDITIONS AXD GEXEBAL
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels ...".;'.. 14,000 33 000
Wheat, bushels. 22.000 '5 000
Corn, bushels 66,000 99,000
Oats, bushels : .^ 170,000 230,000
"Rye, bushels — -Vv
Barley, bushels .... ;.'. 20,000 •• . ...v!i"
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was weak; creameries, 17@21c- dairies
17@20c; cheese, steady, 12% @13c; eggs easy'
fresh 15%c. . . . - '
*;_ . . . — — «¦ ; ; — — *
NEW^YORK, . April 25. — Bradstreet's, to
morrow will say : ¦- • ¦ •
.. Despite marked irregularities In weather con
ditions > and extreme temperatures, -.. accompa
nied by deterioration In the winter wheat crop'
of the Southwest, general • business and specu
lation have been of a very-full volume for this
season of the year. Talk of crop damage, put
a 'Check upon demand In the Central West and
Southwest and .wholesale trade reports from
these sections are not good, ' as earlier looked
for. although showing some improvement over,
a year ago. : In the Northwest snow ] and rains
checked retail trade, and distribution, but the
general effect has-been, to rather improve the
ultimate crop and business outlook than other
wise. Some notable movements have occurred
thiB week, and taken as a whole the number
of staples and securities reporting record prices
has 'been Very large.' ; • •. . --
The cereals, and, to a lesser degree, hog
products' generally responded promptly to the
Southwestern wheat damage.' reports, which,'
coupled with very heavy decreases in the'vis
ible suRpllest particularly in . Manitoba* and
the Northwest, resulted ia the highest prices
of the crop season . being.' reached for cash
wheats ; Corn, too, almost broke the season
recprd;. Crop reports' indicate beyond doubt
that 'the Kansas wheat crop has been hurt by
drouth and hot winds. Nothing, in excess or
.three-quarters, of a crop i« , looked for even
by the. most sanguine, while 60 per cent of
last' year's yield ia confidently predicted. -'••¦
In other sections, however, rains. have bene
fited the. situation and -even in Kansas the
rains, though received late, are encouraging
so far as the outlook for the coming corn crop
la .concerned.' The area in this promises to be
very, large, as does also that In oats, but the
condition of the latter crop is less favorable'
than hoped for. Meats are higher, . marketable
animals are scarce and receipts are small. Hog
products have advanced ¦ in sympathy with
cereals,- Butter and eggs, alleged to have been
cornered some time .ago, have -broken badly.
.•Wheat; -Including flour, exports for the week
aggregate .2,750,589 -.bushels, against' "4,118 108
last week and 4.282,12!) in .this, week a year
ago. Wheat exports Irom July <1. 1901,' to date
(43' weeks), aggregate '210,556,667- bushels
against 170,016,060 lagt -season. vuaneis.
Shoes are in fair, distribution' at the West
but Eastern -shipment* are falling off •"¦¦¦
There ia.nothing new in the leather business
cheaper grades being relatively most active '
Cotton ; bulls, encouraged by the light c'roo
¦movementif and nervousness of shorts have
forced prices higher, the highest pricea for the
season being reached .when spot sold at 9Uc
Raw cotton. Is now lc above last, year's price
Wool is not Very active at t the East, the leadl
ing consuming' interests, ' hampered by the
strikes, abstaining entirely from, buying, but
It is" active at the West, -where prices paid
for the. new crop are well above Eastern quo
tations.'.. ; ¦•;" : .
. ;In Iron.. and *tee» anxiety to get- supplies
of crude', material is almost as great as ever
Foundry - pig is- scarce and high - at'- Chicago'
where $22 per tonTias been- paid. -High pre
mium* for Prompt deliveries of • Bessemer are
«tlllpald and $20 at Pittsburg can bd obtained
very ¦ easily. • ; Finished materials/ are* in In
creased demand and ;; very./- heavy orders for
structural materials ju-e also i being placed
Large: shipments • of. Canadian steel billets ¦ are
reported -.arranged : for. - . ¦ .- ~ .',,'> ,Vt..
• - .- Business failures for-, the ' week number' 181'
as against 193 last week. 214 In this week last
year, 182 in 1900. 184 in 1899 and 245 in 1808
Canadian failures for -the week number 20
ao against? 16 last week and 26 a year ago. '
Butter, Cheese and Eggs remain about as
before. All are plentiful, as usual at this' time
of the year.
Meats and Poultry remain the same, but
some kinds of Fish are slightly cheaper.
Previous prices are quoted for Fruits and
Vegetables, except Strawberries, which are
somewhat cheaper. The summer Vegetables
are in as good supply as usual at this season
of the year.
COAL, PER TON—
Cannel t @13 00! Southfleld
Wellington. @11 00| Wellington $— «J11 00
Seattle .... 9 » 30 Coos Bay ... —0 7 00
Roslyn © 9 OOtGreta — @10 00
DAUtY PRODUCE. ETC.— t
Butter, choice, sq-o® 15 ' Common Eggs. ..15©—
Do good 35® — /Ranch Eggs. p«r " -
Common ...... 30@— dozen ..17^*20
Cheese, Cal. 12015 Honey, comb, per
Cheese, Eastern.. 17@20 pound ......... 15*820
Cheese, Swiss 20030 Do extracted... 80 U
MEATS, PER LB. — ¦¦ . _ • ¦ - ¦
Bacon 14©18 Pork Sausages. 12K0M
Hams .....13'fl)17 Smoked BeeX ....17@a>
Lard 130 — '
The San Francisco Butchers* Protectlva As
toclatlon announces the following retail prices
for meats: >
Roast Beef .....10@15 Spring Lamb ..12HS2J
Tenderloin Stk.l5@17% Roast Mutton .12^6
Porterhouse do.l7%@20 Mutton Chops. -12W915
Round Steak... 10<&)l2}i Mutton Stew .... 8@10
Beef Stew 8@lO Roast Veal .....12»1S
Corned Beef . 8©I0 Veal Cutlets ....1501S
Roast Lamb 15013 Roast Pork ...12H0I5
Lamb Chops 13@20,'Pork Chops —015
POULTRY AND GAME—
Hens, each ...... 50®90 Pigeons, pair 4O@3.)
Young Roosters. Squabs, per pair. 00065
each "fj 1 Kabblts. each 15@2o
Old Roosters, ea.50@75 Hare, each .... S"u
Fryers, each 00075 English Snipe. w
Broilers, each 30@85 per dozen .. — 03400
Turkeys, per lb. .20022 Jack Snipe.... Z%1 2 53
Ducksfeach 65@$1 Wild Geese. °°
Geese, each ...$15002 pair 7&gm M
Goslings —$2 50 Brant, each ....25033
FRUITS AND NUTS—
Alligator Pears. _v pried Figs, per lb— @lo
each ..'. ?5§2? H 11163 ' doa «n--..Tloei5
Almonds •'• " 1' • • 1 !£Q~2 ?f mon> ' <*o»en. . .2O®3O
Apples ••-• 3 §L* 11 *"^ doaen. . .20060
Pecans .......•• •— ©20 : Pineapples. eaca.30©50
Brazil Nuts 20®- **sin*jer lb.. 6®i 5
Bananas. do«. - . -Wf 25 Strawberries, per
Cocoanuts. each..— «10 basket 13<32( ,
Grape Fruit, per _ Walnuts, pt lb. ..15020
dozen owff '•»
VEGETABLES—- -
AsDaragus 5010 Okra, dried. n>. «««
Beets, doien 10® — « ew Potatoes.. 214S x
BeaS. white, lb. 60- per ditfoSi
Egg Plant, lb. . . -30040, String Bean^ per *^ << * u
8^n C PeP^^fJ *«~ S^-*«*»
Green Peas, lb...2%®4 per Pound... J2ua«
Lettuce; per Sprouts per Ib^^li 5
Leeks, do* bnchs.l5®20 Spinach . perlb.. ffiZ
Onions, per lb..2%® 4 Thyme, d* bdu..25(|30
Green Onions, dz ¦ Per doi.100-.
bunches ...... .15®^ Tomatoes, p r lb.$Q%£
Mushrooms, lb... 40060 T ~
Carp ...:....— 010 Sea Bass ;— «—
Catfish 10 ®~ f melts ...12H<91.t
Cedflsh 12 J4©- 3oles ......... 1O@12U
Flounders 10f- Skates, each %£
Halibut- .-®12% Squid ...._|_:
Herring '..— ®— Tomcod ....... lOQUy,
Mackerel — ®— burbot .:..20<93u
Do horse.......— ®— i rou t"- 35ig50
Perch .10®— Brook Trout egS
Pomptno 75<S$1 Whiteflsh ..UX&—
— ©13 Clams, gallon ...50®—
Kockflsh ; -.,i ;..:.. — 015 Do. hardshell.
Salmon, fresh.. 12}i@15 per pound ... 8@lo
DO.' smoked. . . .15025 Crawfish . ... . . . .— «_.
Sardines ...— @— 2rabs, each ...12tj@l5
Shrimps ... .10@— Mussels, quart. . .—^^_
Shad ;.10@12Vi Oysters, Cal. 100.40©.TO
Striped Bass...l2%®131 Do Eastern, dz. 2504 •>
Continued on Page Thirteen,
There was no further advance in Beans, but
the market was .firm, with a continued in
quiry, for shipment.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 40@2 60; .. small White,
$2 20@2 35; large White. $2 10@2 25; Pea, $3;
Pink," $1'85@2 10; Red, $2 25@2 50: Blackeye,
$4 50®* 60; Limas,- $3 45@3 50; Red 'Kidneys,
$3 75@4 oer ctl. ' :
SEEDS— Trieste Mustard, ?2 50@2 65; Yel
low Mustard, $3 25@3 50; Flax. $2 25@2 60;
Canary 3%c for Eastern: Alfalfa from Utah.
lCVi©li%o; California, l6@10»4c; Rape, 1%6>
2Vic; Hemp. 3%c per lb.
1 DRIED PEAS— Niles. $1 60@2; Green. $1 5»
@2; .Blackeye, nominal.
Beans and Seeds.
' Cash quotations ' were as follows: Flour,
steady; No. 3 wheat,' 74%©74%c; No. 2 red.
82M.(g83%c; No. 2 yellow corn, 63%c; No. 2
oats. 43#43%c; No. 2 • white, 45%c; No. 3
white, 44W@45Vic; No. 2 rye, 58c; fair to
choice malting barley, C6@69c; No. 1 flaxseed
$1 68; No. 1 Northwestern, $1 79; prime tim
othy seed. $6 90@7; mess pork, per bbl. $16 65
@16 70; lard, per 100 lbs. $9 82ft@9 85; short
ribs sides (loose). $0 15@9 25; dry salted shoul
ders (boxed). 7*i@7%c; short clear sides (box
ed).. $9 70@9 80; whlgky. basis of high wines
$1 SO; clover, contract grade, $8 35.. • •
are declining sharply. Yesterday Chicago de
clined 3%c and New York 2e, and dealers are
afraid that this Eastern decline will result in
shipments ot Eastern . Butter to this • coast.
This would be bad. for this market is already
oversupplied.. '¦ Prices still keep up however,
though stocks' are accumulating and there are
no orders of : any ' consequence for N any point*
There Is some packing in tins for the Alaskan
trade. • . . .; . ¦ '
Cheese remains plentiful and unchanged. -
' . Eggs seem to show more steadiness. Re
ceipts have been falling off for some days and
there is less talk about a weak market. Fine
ranch rule more or less firm; but the medium
and lower grades - continue easy. Quotations
stand about the same. ¦ Storing still continues.
1 Receipts were 06,200 pounds and 223 tubs of
Butter, 1545 cases of Eggs , cases of East
ern Eggs. 15,550 pounds of California Cheeas
and pounds of Eastern Chees*.. ¦
BUTTER — Creamery, 19@20c per pound for
fancy. 18@18%c for firsts and. 17}4c for sec
onds; dairy, 16@18c;< store Butter, 14@15c per
pound. , • ¦ -
. CHEESE— New, 9@10e; old, 0@llc; Young
America. 8®10c; Eastern, 13SX5c per pound.
' EGGS — Ranch, 14@16%c; store, 12%@14c per
dozen.- ' - ; ¦;-"". - ..'•.¦::
; . Deciduous and Citrus 'Fruits y s
.A feature of ,,the market was the arrival of
100 boxes of . Australian Apples, which . came
to hand by the steamer Sonoma. There were
5 different varieties, and being fancy stock and
In ' good order met ; with ready sale at $2 60
per box. • 'A~carload of Newtown Pippins came
in from Oregon. * .
The cold weather ' Is keeping Strawberries
back. Receipts yesterday were 21 , chests of
Longworths. and only 2 crates of Mallndas.
Choice offerings sold well at top prices, but
there was a considerable quantity of green and
otherwise poor stock received, which was sold
at the bottom quotation. ..
Small sizes of fancy Navels were scarce and
sold readily, both at the auction and In the
open market. Fancy offerings of large sizes
moved fairly, but second quality stock waa
hard to i sell. Lemons'' continued dull under
large supplies. .. There . was no change In tha
other fruits. , - " •
•At the Orange- auction 5 cars were sold as
follows: Fancy Navels, $1 75@3; choice do,
$1 50fj2 30; standard do, 60c@$l 00; Seedlings,
?5c@$l 50 for choice and fancy and 40cS*l for
standards.
STRAWBERRIRES— Longworths, $13@16 per
chest; Malindas, per chest and |1 75 per
crate. .
APPLES — $2@2 25 per box for extras, $1 25
@1 75 for good to choice and tJOcigSi for or-'
dlnary.
CITRUS FRUITS — Navel Oranges. $1@1 75
for standard: |2@2 50 for choice and $2 50^3
for fancy; extra, fancy, $3 2503 40; Seedlings,
$1 23@2; Mediterranean Sweets, $1@2 60; Va
lenclas, $2 75@3; Malta Blood Oranges, $2
®3; Tangerines, in quarter, boxes. 75c@$l
and $1 25® 1 50 In half boxes; Lemons, 75c©
$1 for common and $1 25@1 75 for good to
choice and $2@2 50 for fancy;- Grape Fruit. $1
@2 50, including seedless; Mexican Limes ti 30
©5; Bananas, ?2 25®3 per bunch for New Or
leans and $1 25@2 25 for Hawailans; Pineap
ples. $3@4 per dozen.
Dried Fruits,' Nuts- and Raisins.
FRUITS — Apricots, 9@10c for Royals - and
10@13c for .-standard to- fancy Moorparks;
Evaporated Apples, 8@9c; sun dried. 5c;
Peaches, 6%@S%c; Pears. 6®9c; Plums, pitted,
5@6c; unpitted. 1%@2%c; Nectarines, 6%@Bc
for red and 5%@6c for white; figs, ZVt&VAc for
black and 5%@6c for white.
PRUNES — 1001 crop are quoted as follows
30v40 f s, 6%@6%c; 40-50's, 5@5?4c: 50-60* s, 4%
(@4%c: 60-70*8. 4@4%c; 70-80*8, 3%@3%c; 80
90-s, 3@3%c; 90-100's. 2«®2%c per lb. '
RAISINS — Seeded. 3-crown. 8c; 2-crown 6U
@7%c; Loose Muscatels, 6%c for 4-crown and
6%c for seedless; 3-crown, 6c; 2-crown 3?ic-
Seedless Sultanas, 5%c for unbleached and 7@
8%o for bleached. Clusters — Imperials, $3; De
hesa, $2 60; Fancy, |1 50; London Layers
(1 25@1 35. .' .. '
NUTS — Walnuts, No. 1 softshell, ll%c- No
2. 6%@7%c: No. 1 hardshell, 9c; NoT £ 7c-
Almonds. 10H@12c for papersheil. 9@10c for
softshell and 6®7c for hardshell; Peanuts 5&7o
for Eastern; JQrazll Nuts, 12®12%c; Filberts
12@12^c; Pecans, 11® 13c; Cocoanuts. S3 50®5.
HONEY— Comb, ll@12c for bright and 9@ll 0
for light amber; water white extracted 6Q
6%c; light amber extracted, 4®4%c- darkl 4c
BEESWAX— 27%@29c per lbT -
Provisions. \
market continues dull and more or less
cutting is reported. There was nothing new
at Chicago yesterday, the ranging
rather- 1 lower.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 13c per Ib for
heavy, 13^c for light medium, 14%c for light.
15c for extra light and 16c for sugar-cured-
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 14@14%c; Califor
nia Hams, 13 H ©14c; Mess Beef, J9@9 50 per
bbl; extra Mess, |10@10 50; Family. Sll@n 50
prime Mess Pork, $15 50® 16; extra clear $23-
Mess, $1S 50@18; Dry Salt Pork. $11 50@12 60 :
Pig Pork. $25; Pigs* Feet, $4 75; Smoked Beef'
13%@14c per lb. , .
LARD — Tierces quoted " at 8%o per lb for
compound and ll^@12c far pure; half barrels
pure. 12%c; 10-lb. tins, 12Hc; 5-lb tlns.^^c
3-lb tins. 12%c. . .: " '
COTTOLENE— <)ne half-barrel. ' 10% c- three
half-barrels, 10}4c; one: tierce. loStc- two
tierces, 10c; five tierces, 9%c per Ib. *
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Previous quotations rule for .all descriptions
under this head.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about l%o under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, 10%c;. medium. 9®9%c; light, 8@8%c-
Cov/ Hides. 9c for heavy and 8®8%c for lieht-
Stags. 6@6%c; Salted Kip, 8@8%c; Salted Veal
9@9%c; Salted Calf, 10c; Dry Hides. 16c; Culls'
14c; Dry Kip. 13c; Dry Calf. 18c; Culls and
Brands, 15c; Sheepskins, shearlings,- 20S30c
each; short Wool. 35@60c each, medium, (S@
75c; long Wool, »0c@$l 10 each; Horse Hides
salt. $2 75®3 for large and $2 25®2 50 f «- me
dium, $1 for small and 50c for Colts- Horse
Hldee, dry, $1 75 for large. $1 25@1 5O "for me
dium, $1 for small and 50c for Colts Buck
Skins— Dry Mexican. 32%o; dry salted Mexican.
25c; dry Central American, 32%c. Goat Skins-1
Prime Angoras, \ 75c; large and smooth, 50c
medium, 35c. . '
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 5H©6o per lb-
No. 2, 4%@5c; grease, 2%@3«c. '
WOOL— Spring — Northern free, 14®lt5c; d 0
defective. 13@14c; Middle county free, 13«l5c
do, defective, 12@13c; Southern, 12 months 9<a
10c; do, 7 months, 9@llc; Foothill, ll@l3c-'Ne
vada, 12015c per lb. ¦
HOPS— 12@13c for fair and 14@15c per lb for
good to choice.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Hogs have again advanced a fraction and are
very firm, with continued light receipts. Other
descriptions are unchanged. ' - :
DRESSED .MEATS." r^'
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are- as follows:
jBEEF — 7@7%c for Steers and 6@7o per lb
for Cows. , .
VEAL— Large. 7#68%c: small, 8&@10c per
Wethers. 8%@9%c; Ewes, 8®S%c
per lb. ¦ ¦ .
LAMB— Yearlings, 0@10c per lb; Spring
Lambs, 10@llc per lb.
¦ PORK— Dressed Hogs, 7% ©9% c per lb.
-'- LIVESTOCK MARKET. ' £-?'"'?$
' : The following quotations are for good- soun*
livestock delivered at San Francisco, less 50
per cent shrinkage for cattle t
CATTLE — Steers. 8%@9c; Cows and Heifers
7@7^4c; thin Cows, 4©5c per Ib.
CALVES — 4%@5%c per lb (gross weight).
: SHEEP— Wethers, 4%®5c; Ewes, 3»A@4c per
lb (gross weight). ¦ . ..
LAMBS— Suckling Lambs, $2 50@2 75 per
head or 5%@0c per lb liveweight; yearlings, 4 U
@5o Der lb. : . ¦
HOGS— Live Hogs. 200 lbs and under. 6% a
6%c; 200 lbs and over, 6^@6%c; feeders, 6@
6%c; bows, ,20 per cent off; boars, 60 per cent
off,. and stags, 40. per. cent off from the above
quotations. ¦. ¦¦ -\ • "^ '/ ','."' •
General Merchandise.
'; BAGS — Grain Bags,. June aad July, 6c; San
Quentln.' 5.55c; Wool Bags', 32@35c; Fleece
Twine, 7%@8c.
". COAL-^Welllngton, $9 per ton^Southfleld
Wellington.. $9; Seattle, $6 50; Bryant, $6 50;
Roslyn, $7; Coos Bay, $5 60; Greta. $3; Walls
end, $8 50; Co-operative Wallsend, $S 50; Cum
berland, $12 in bulk and $13 In sacks; Penn
sylvania Anthracite Egg, -; Welsh Anthra
cite, $14; Cannel. $11 per ton; Coke, $15 pertbn
in bulk- and $17, in sacks; Rocky Mountain de
scriptions, $3 45. per 2000 lbs and $3 50 per ton,
according to brand. ¦ ¦
Harrison's circular says: "During the week
there have been two coal deliveries from Wash
ington, 6S0O tons; two- from Columbia,
8450; one from Oregon, 680; two from Australia.
3345;- one from Cardiff, Wales, 3093; total, 22
368 tons. The cargo from Cardiff was 300'days
reaching this port, and although the coal is re
puted to be very lgnitable no damage appears
to have been done to the cargo, though nearly
one year making the trip. The quantity at
hand this week is fully equal to the demands
of the market, as a portion of the same will
require to be yarded. " Asking prices remain
unchanged, but buyers for large quantities are
scarce, even at a marked concession in price
The ' Australian list of vessels . to be loaded is
swelling In number, although quotations for
same leave a ' particularly small margin of
profit, i-'-' Importations from, the - north will in
the next few -months diminish in quantity as
several steam carriers have: been, retired from
the service. Fuel oil is losing none of its pres
ent consumers, but is gradually adding to tho
number . monthly. There is -no perceptible im-,
provement in the ¦ price ! of oil, although its
consumption < appears to become : more general.
New names are being added to the loading list
at -Swansea with anthracite, coal f or : this ¦ port.
Prices - of N this grade of- coal . have • been' 1 ma
terially reduced within, the' past ** couple of
months." i ¦ v ~ „ . . . ¦ -
OIL — California Castor Oil, in cases/ No.
1, - 70c; pure, $1 20.; Linseed Oil, In bar
rels,-boiled, 78c; : raw, ' 76c ; cases, ,5c more;
Lucol.- HSc for boiled and 68c for raw, in bar
rels; Lard. Oil. 'extra winter strained barrels,
90c:. cases, 95c; China' Nut. 57%@68c per gal
•lon:Tmro Neatsfoot.^ in barrels. 70c: cases. 75a-
THE COAST RECORD.
Last ' This • Last
Stations — 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.00 47.fil 44.70 '
lied Bluff 0.00 30.37 22.6S
Sacramento O.(X> 16.74 17.50
San Francisco ... O.O0- 17.84 - 18. »8
Fresno O.OO fi.70 10.39
Iudgj>cndence 0.00 4.29 5.81
Sau Luis Obitpo.. 0.00 21.93 27.87
Los Angeles 0.00 10.56 14.18 .
fan Difco 0.00 6.11 10.66
Kan Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
C2: minimum. 48; mean, 55. -< ,-i ¦ si
The following maximum and minimum teni
p«-«*tnre*-«'e**-re}»ort*a from Eastern station*"
Boston .' ........ ««-•!*» [Kansas City e8-C-8
Cincinnati ..:... .C6-5B Duluth' 48-42
Philadelphia .... .<fc»-4r> Omaha 72-58
Jacksonville 84-WiChlcago 4S-42
Washington 68- JO St. Louis «..6S-r.S
New York ..64-14!Salt Lake City... 60-32
The following are the seasonal rainfall* to
date as compared "with those-of same date^last
searon' and ralcfall In last twenty-four hours:
"«20th Meridian — Pacific Time.)
PAN FRANCISCO. April 25.-5 p. m.
JP' eat her Report.
Sperm, pure. 63c; Whale Oil. natural white.
4».'©50c per gallon; Fish Oil, barrels 42%c
cases 47%c: Cocoanut Oil. barrels 63%c fop
Ceylon and 68%c for Australian
COAL OIL — Water White Coal Oil In bulk.
13%@14c; Penrl Oil. In cases. 20c; Astral 20c-
Star, 20c; Extra Star, 23c; Elaine. 25c; Eocene'
22c; deodorized stove Gasoline, in bulk 18c";
in cases, 22%c; Benzine, in bulk. 14%'c; in
cases, 21c; 8tf-desree Gaaoline, In bulk, 20c; li?
cases, 26 %c.
TURPENTINi: — 67c per gallon in casea and
61c in drums and Iron barrels. -
SUGAR — The- Western Sugar Kenning Com
pany quotes as follows, per pound. In 100-lh
bags : Cubes. A, Crushed and Fine Crushed.
4.50c; Powdered. 4.35c; Candy Granulated
4.35c; Dry Granulated Fine, 4.25c; Dry Granu
lated Coarse, 4.25c; Fruit Granulated 4 25c*
Beet Granulated (ICO-lb bags only).' none;
Confectioners' A, 4.25c; Maemolia A, 3.85c-
Extra C. 3.75c; Golden C, 3.65c; "D." 3.55c
barrels, 10c more; half-barrels, 25c more;
boxes, 60c more;'50-Ib bags. 10c more^ for all
kinds. Domlnoa — Half -barrels. 4.73CT boxes.
5c per Ib. No order taken for less (ban 75
barrels or Its equivalent. •-;. \
Receipts of Produce, fj; *
- FOR FRIDAY, APRIL 23. •
Flour, qr sks... 9,553 Middlings, sks.. 600
Wheat. ctl3 ....204,127 Bran, ska 730
Barley, ctls .... 5,380 Leather rolls .. 77
Oats, ctls ...... 223 Hides, No...... 31S
Rye, ctls 925 Pelt*, bdls 498
Beans, aks 6S3 Lime, bbls ..... 455
Potatoes, ska .. 418 Wine, gals 48,300
Onions, sks ' . . . . 23 Tallow, ctls . . . 284
Wool, bales .... 1,522 Sugar, ctls 2,704
Straw, tons .... 16 Juieksilyer, flsks Qit
Hay. tons 354! ™
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks... 23.044 [Onions, sks .... 192
Potatoes, sks .. 3.3971
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr ska... 10,254 ICorn Meal, ska. 400
NEW Y0RK> April '25.— The, following table. 1
compiled by Bradstreet. shows the bank clear-
Ings at the principal cities for the week ended
April -24, witK the • percentage of Increase and
decrease' 8,9 '.compared .with, the corresponding
week last year: '
¦ . /. Percentages.
Cities — Amount. Inc. Dec.
New York........ $1,892,574,827 ...; 14.0
Chicago ....... .165,800,100.' 20.9
Boston •..-..;;.... 120,191.476 .;.. 13.4
Philadelphia ..... .130,738,352 13.2 ....
St. Louis 47,431,700 18.3 ....
Pittsburg 43.707.883 .... 12.0
Baltimore 25,663,709 .... 8.2
San Francisco.... . 22,830,163 - 9.1 ....
Cincinnati ".....:. 21,404,750 18.4
Kansas City. 1 .*.... 18,239,424 -.-. 4-.2 ....
Cleveland 14,026,458 22.3 .;..
Minneapolis .11,076.757 27.1 ~..,
New. Orleans., 12,812,002 21.5 ...t
Detroit 8,690,842 2.1 ,'/..-i
Louisville. 9,980,163 12.7 ....
Indianapolis 9.300,017 -46.4 ...;•
Providence 7,621,200 15.8 ....
'Omaha 6,626,200 11.9 ....
Milwaukee 6,073.985 13.1 ...j-
Buffalo .»:..'^; ...6.573,121'. ...'7. 7.6
St. Paul........... 5,050^12 . 14.1 1
St. Joseph' .4,255,845" ;..^ 6.2
Denver ..'. . 4,0!)2,«26 ;•.'..•.. 10.4
RJchmond x ¦ 4,479,3(6 -.13:6 ...";
"Savannah'. 3,04»,176 •"-¦ rr.-rr ?• 3^0
Salt Lake City... 3,276,467 32.9 1 ....
Albany 3,067,869 14.0 ....
Los Angeles...... .4,678.332 43.8
Memphis,......:.. 2,438,946 ...-. 3.1
Fort Worth; 2,6.'}2,30l O.ft ....
Seattle ....... < 3,080,476 33.1 ....
Washington ....... -3,922,447 51.1 ' ....
Haftfony 2.700.074 7.3 ....
Peorla : 2.254,615 6.0' ....
Toledo 2,345,947 41.2
Portland, Or...... 2,302,456 21.0 ....
Rochester 2.5.S7.917 10.1 ....
Tacoma -. 1.188,982 1.7 ....
Spokane.. • 1,604,140 63.8 ....
Helena 421.194 19.5 " ....
•Galvestcn 6,126,000 11.9
Totals. U. 8. ... $2,685,159,526 . . . . 8.6
Outside N. Y... 792,684,699' 7.6
. • • ' . CANADA.
Totals ......:.... .$53,499,027 62.6 ....
?Not Included in totals because containing
other Items' than clearinrs.
NEW YORK. - April 25.— Close— Money on
call. Bteady; at l%®4per cent; closing Wd and
asked, 3%j£4 per .cent .', Prime : mercantile pa
per. ,4®5 per. .cent.; i Sterling exchange' easier,
J' It^-., ac , tu al-r business -in .bankers' 1 bills, at
H St-A tori demand and, at |4 85% for sixty
days. Pcsted rates, f 4 86@4 88%? Comrner
clal bills, U 84%@4 85%.^Bar lllver, ™Wc
Mexican dollars. 41c. •• Bonds— Government,
firm; state,^ lnacUve; railroad, firm, j .""*'"•
New: York Money Market
NEW YORK, April 25— The Commercial Ad- :
vertlser* 8 London financial ' cablegram says : ; > <
The stock market continues to show, a broad
ening:, tendency. There is a steady and cheer
ful Investment business. • - .
Old consols sold at 94 11-16 and the new issue
was ' at 1%, premium. • ... ...
The American department was fairly. active
and strong,? closlijg at the top. Canadian Pa
cific was the feature, on .the talk of New York
and^Montreal buying for control. v In the street
Un!6n Pacific spurted,' and United States Steel,
after long, neglect, 'is resuming attention. Mex
ican railroads firsts again dropped, losing 2%.'
Copper was, % down to £52% the ton and Rio
Tintos sold at 43%. '. • .¦ ... ...-
Gold to the amount' of £53,000 has been
bought. ... ¦ '. ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦.- '¦ ' - ¦¦¦ . . .-.
London
"Fruit trees all over the State are now in
bloom and the fruit outlook is tnoet encour
aging.' Hood River strawberry vines are look?
ing well, and the prospect . is favorable for a
large crop of berries."
"Grass has made, a splendid growth during
the week, and consequently stock has im
proved very much and the flow of milk in- the
dairy sections has proportionately increased.
Clover, alfalfa and timothy, although somewhat
backward, are looking fine. The lambing sea
son has begtm in Eastern Orepcn, and the out
look is favorable for a good Increase in the
J?ize of the Cocks. Hop vines have started well
and the training of the vines will begin this
week.
"The wet weather has retarded spring seed^
tng of oats and wheat in the Willamette Val
ley, and to a lesser ex^nt in Southern Oregon,
but this work Is now fajrly well advanced, and
with & few warm, dry days 4t will be qulckly
fintehed^ In Eastern Oregon seeding is "prac
tically finished, and farmers are busily en
cagreJ In plowing. The rains have done great
good in the sections of Umatilla County where
the wheat was winter killed, and the reseeded
areas are now locking much better than they
did a couple of weeks ago. Fall wheat has
stooled well and is in a healthy and thrifty
eoDdition lq all sections -of. -the State, except
that its color Is bad In tome poorly drained
localities in the Willamette Valley. In East
ern Oreeon the bulk of " the wheat crop this
year Is fall sown, excluding the Grande Ronde
Valley and about • half of • Umatilla County,
which is spring seeded on summer fallowed
land.
"Good rains have fallen during the past
week in all portions of the' State. Rather more
rain than Is needed has occurred In the west
ern, section, bat in the eastern section it was
welcomed. . t • -- j
The report of Edward A. Beals, section di.
rector United States Weather guresau for the
Oregon Crop Bulletin, . for the, week ended
April 8. is bs follows:
Oregon Crop Bulletin.
managers, J. P. Morgan & Co.. at .the rate
ot~ 4 -per.-cent ' of the ¦ $2S0,000r000~bond Issue
.is. not made clear. There was .-a: great variety
of- movements among- the -specialties. Amal
gamated. Copper advanced *n the -conjecture
that 'the '.consolidation of? the" Hetnze interests
was preliminary tp their. absorption..',. The stock
lost .the gain. _, Sugar was on the pro
posed .investigation . -of, the company's Cuban
holdings, by a Senate committee...-
The activity of the.*tock ;m»rket diverted in
terest- f rom •¦¦ the bond market,' but prices there
were firmly held: Total salTS."- $5,305,000.
• United- SUtes -bonds -w«r*x all unchanged on
the. last call. _' # -."tv.i .%
~" : NEW' TQRk' STOCK LIST.
. Stocks^ v . v -Sales;' High. - Low. Close.
Atchison 41,200 •«*%' 81% 82%
Do pfd .V.... -73.300 ' 09% • >98% 98%
Baltimore & Ohio.. 8,100 109% 109 109
Do pfd. ;.... .... .... 95
Canadian Pacific .. 31,100 129% 128 129%
Canada. Southern .. L400 93 -. 92 92
Ches &. Ohio 16,900 48% 47% 48%
Chi & Alton .1,900 38- 37 37%
Do Pfd 600 ,76% 76 76
Chi, Bur & Q $.... ....- 42
Chi, Ind & Louis... 42,900 72% «8 70%
Do pfd . .. 800 '82% 81% 82
Chi & Eastern III.. 100 167 167 165
Chi & Great W.... 8,100 26% ¦ 25% 25 T 4
Do A pfd. 100 S9 S9 88'
Dp B pfd ...'. • 46%
S^r^. Northwstn. . 2,700-252 ' 250% : 251%
CM. Rl&Pac.... 300 173% 173 173
Ch 'Ter& Trans.. 1,900 -21% 20 20%
Do pfd BOO 39 38% 38%
C. CC &St Louis. 700 100%. 1<X*. 105%
Colo Southern 600 3»?. 31% 31%
P» 1st pfd 400 74 73% 73%
r. °° f d xP f^ ••¦'•¦ ¦ ' 700 » . 45% 45% 45
a& Hudsoii.... 8,400 .177 175% 176
Dela, Lack & W.\ ....;¦ -..' 286
at ss
G^X^-pfd:: v. 500 : «^.-««
H Do kf^d. v .!!LT.::::a ui ii nr?
Illinois Central.... 4 C56 148% 148% 148 "
4 it"
K C Southern. .. .fi^lOO ; 27% 2«S 20%
K:-e Southern pfd.-' 2,^06 ' 61 7 60 60
-- 400 ¦'¦#* «« ««
•LjSUisville & Nash. .13,266 - 129%'-; 127% 128%
Manhattan L.:...,,. 8,100 136U ¦ lsAul visit,
MeiropollSt &£&?$& l»*-.ii&§ , 152%
Mex caa Central .^ 8,900.- 29%> ..28% 5 29%
Mexican.Nat.tr.. 4,40a- 19% 19% 19%
M nn & St-Louis.-. ?;300 113^ il^l 112%
M ssour! Pacific ... 36.700' 102 101% loig
fev K « n & Texas - «W • 20 25% 25%
Dopfd . 1,400 56% 56 65%
N J Central 600 194 192 tun
XY Central 15.406 m"- 155% &
Norfolk & Western 19.300 69% 59 59
¦DO pid 90
Ontario & Westn. ,. 33,100 '35% . 35"' 35%
&f^.:::::«a'^™« .»|
-3^a^:«,A| 8§ .,|«^| , &
Do 2d pfd ,. 300 ' 73« T1V ??-'
StL Southwestern. "- 5m 28% '¦ fflC 28^
St%,. • ¦• ••"••- l.«X> «1 «0% 60^
T^ m 31 ' 100 170 % le »^ 170%
.^h^-Pacinc-::^^ 3^
ToledoStL&W.. 4> 5W 23^ » gg?
u^PacifiV:::: .«88S &* ,g
Pacific pfd.. 7 300 8sg sT 88
|:S ;«.::•::: M:!SS s| is h
S- f. h*** Erie... 3,300 21% 21 2 ' 21
Adams ,.'. ... . 2/K -
American ... .... 100 230* * 230 " : 230 '
Miscellaneous— 10
Amalgam Copper.. 52,500 66% 67 67 r <
Am Car & Foundry. 1.100 30% 30% 30^
Am Car & F pffi... 1.900 91% 91 * 91S
Am Linseed Oil ... 4,800-25% "4 ?ji?
Am Lin Oil pfd... .T/. . - VP 4 -
Amer Loco .14,300 ' 35% 35«i
Amet Loco pfd . . 2.600 " 9 0^ 98^ 93%
Atn Smelt &"Ref.. i;ifto '45% 44 44S
Am Smelt & R: p fd. ' 500 ; 96% 96U- »6
Anaconda Min Co. 1,500 116 11^ - 11c '
Brooklyn Rap Trn. 58.600 71% 70 7011
Colo- Fuel & Iron;. 21,100 109% 108 • 108
Consolidated Gas .. 11,200 230% '228% 228 •'
Con Tobacco pfd... 5,100 124% 123K 121%
General Electric .. .1.400 329 327 3^8
I Hocking Coal . 1,(100' -22 ' V 2H4 21*.
; Inter. Paper ....... 800 22 •'• 22 - «2
Inter Paper pfd ...„' 400- 76%- 7314 7511
Inter Power , 2,200 193% 1^9% W£u.
National Biscuit .. 100 50 50 50
National Lead'..:. 200 18% 18V. • 18%
National Salt ...:.' '..i. :..." ° 20*
National Salt pfd.. .... ..'.. ¦ '•'' 09^
North American'.'. ' 300 130% .130 120%
Pacific Coast ,..,',-. .^ .„ -. 69
Pacific Mail ...... 200 43 43 43
People's Ga B ..... 9,400- 105 104% 104% '
Pressed Steel Car. .. 9,800 44% 42% : 43%
Pressed S ;Car pfd. 5,400 86% 85 85%
Pullman P4I Car.. 300 248%, 24$% 248
Republic Steel 8,100 19% 19% 19%
Republic Steel pfd. 2,200 76 75% 75%
8ugar ... 10,200 . 127% 123% 135%
Tenn Coal & Iron/. 11,200, 74% 74 73
Union Bag & P Co. 200 10 10 15%
U B & P Co pfd -.... 80%-
U S Leather 6,100 13% 13 13
V S Leather pfd.: 700" 84% 83% 83%
US Rubber .. , ; -•• .... 17%
U R Rubber pfd... ...." 4 ..:. 08%
US. Steel v 14,700 .43% 43% ..43%
U S Steel pfd .... 63,400 »4% 94 ' »4%
Western Union ... 1.400 93 92% .^2^
Total sales .•1,400,900* ¦
;;-¦/;/;: KEW YORK BONDS. „?¦ .' '.'...,,
V 6 ret 2s reg..lO9% L & N UnI48..1O2^
Do coup ......103% Ilex Cent 4s ';•.".: 84
Do 3s reg 108% Do 1st Inc .... 34%
Do coup 109% Minn & St L 4s. .104%
Do'new 4s reg.lSS M.K.& T 4s... ..100%.
Do. coup .- 139% -.Do.2ds 84 .
Do old 4s reg. .111% N.Y.Cent lntB...J04. .-
Do coup... 111% 3%s ..100
Do 5s reg 10544 N J^Cent een 5s. 140
Do coup 107. NorTad 4s ;i05%
AtCb gen 4s 10-".% Do.3« .74.%
Do adt- 4s .... 94 Nor & W con 4sll01%
Balto & Ohio 4s.lO2% Read G«>n.4s. ... 99%
Do 3%s 98% S L & I Me 5s. 116%
Do conv 4s 109 St L & S F 4a.. 98%
Canada 60 2ds..lO8 St L S W.lsts. .100
Cent of Ga. 5s... 112% -Do 2ds ........ 87 i
Do let 4nc .„.. 87% S A & A,P „;... 92 "
C & O 4V-S 10S% 80 Pac 4a ; 95%
Chi & A 3%t.... 84% So Ry 5s 122H
'C B &.Q new-4?. 9d\i Tex & Pae'lgt»;-..I20U >
C M & S P g 4s..ll5% T St L & W. 4s. 83V4
C & N con 7i 136% Union Pac 4s ...105%
C R I vA P-4»..112%. Do conv 4s ....109«6
CCCfcSLg 4s.I01% Waba«h 1st* .....120
Chi Term 4a 80% Do 2ds ...... 111U
Colo & So 4s.... 95% Do deb B ..... 75%
D & P. G 4» lOiVi West Shore 4s.;. 113%
Erie prior lien 4s. 100% W;*<L Erie 4s 93*4
Erie Gen 4« .... 88 Wis-Cent 03<£
Ft W & D C 1st ?.115 Con Tobacco 4s.. 68%
HockingVal 4%s.llO ; , ¦ ; *
NEW YORK MINING 'STOCKS/
Adains Con • 25-|Littie Chief ...... "li
Alice -TSlOntario ........... .8 60
Breece .'.... 50,Ophir ............... 1,25
Brunswick ¦ Con .. 16, Phoenix ......'.... 06
Comstock Tunnel..- 05 Potosi 22
Con Cal & Va 1 2."» Favage 10
Deadwood Terra-.il -70 Sierra Nevada ....' SO
Horn Silver ...... 1 40 Small Hopes .....; 40
Iron Sliver , .08 Standard ......... J 45
Leadville Con ....... 051 .• , ¦• : /• .
BOSTON STOCKS , AND BONDS!
¦ Money — .' lU S Steel ...... 43%-
Call loani ......3%e4',US Steel pfd.... 94%'
Time loans ....'.. 4 @5|Westnghs Com. ..113%
Bonds— ..... .. Mining—-. .
Atchison 4s . 102% Adventure ....... .24
Gas lstfi r;\". ".¦....'"¦««% 'Allotlez ; ...:....., 3%
Mex Central 4s .. 82% "Amalgamated ;.. 67%
N" B Gaa & Coke. 54 Bingham ..'.....: 36%'
Railroads— • »,Cal & Hecla .'. 1.505
Atchison .'. 82% Centennial .. , 4 .. .. 20#
ALchison. pfd 98% Copper Range. .... 60%
Boston & Albany. 204 (Dominion Coal ..140V
Boston Maine . . 196 I Franklin .. i ...... II- ,".
The markets continue uninteresting. Hay is
soft under the .' excellent crop prospects and
Bran and Middlings rule firm. -• Rolled Barley
la weak, in sympathy with the raw grain.
BRAN— $17 60@18 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $20 50@21 50 per ton. •
- FEED8TUEFS— Rolled Barley. $21@21 50 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $25<@26; jobbing,
$26 50@27; Cocoanut Cake, $20@21; Corn Meal.
$2l>®29 50; 1 Cracked Corn, $29 50@30; Mixed
Feed, $16® 17; Cottonseed Meal. $26 50.
HAY— Wheat, $9@11 60; Wheat and Oat,
$S CO® 11; Oat. $8@10DO; Alfalfa, $8@11; Clo
ver, $7@9; Volunteer, $6 BO@S 50; Stock, $6@3
p«r ton. - . .
. STRAW— 40065c per bale.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
FLOUR—Callfornla Family Extras, $3 60®
3 75, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 40@3 60 r
Oregon, $2 75@3 25 per barrel for family and
|3@3 50 for Bakers' ; Washington I Bakers', ' $3
@3 50. - ' !
¦ ¦ MUL.LSTUFFS — Prices, In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: - Graham.
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $3: Rye Meal,
$2 75; Rice Flour, $7; Corn' Meal, $3 25; 'extra
cream do. $4; Oat Groats, $5 25; Hominy $4@
4 25; Buckwheat Flour. $4 50(34 75; Cracked
Wheat, $3 60; Farina. $4 60; Whole "Wheat
Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $7 35@Q.; in
sacks, $6 85@8 60; Pearl Barley, $5 50; Split
Peas, $5 50; Green Peas, $6 50 per 100 lbs. .
Flour and Millstuffs.
_ '• ' ; .. CALL BOARD SALES.
*'^ Informal".' Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.'
-.- Second -, Session^December — 2000 ctls, 77, %c.
¦ '. Regular Morning Session — No 'sales.
• Afternoon ! -; Session — December — 6000 ctls,
7-%c. oavhs* ¦ ¦ '-: K ~? '
-nothing ..new -to report, the
market remaining dull and firmly held.
.Grays, SI 30® 1 40; whites, $1 80@l 45; Sur-
JTiio, $140@l 45; black, $1 12%@1 32%; red,
$1 3O@l 42% ,per ctl."
CORN — The weakness in wheat has taken
'.he steam, out of the market, which Is quieter
again, though no decline is noted. Offerings
are light, outside of those of the leading
holder. .
Large Yellow, $1 S5@l 45; small round' do,
$1 35@1 50; White, $1 40@l 47% per ctl.
• RYE — 90@95c • per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at $1 65@1 75 per
ctl. . \,
¦-'; "informal Session— 9:15" o'clock — December —
C000 ctls, $1 08%; May— 2000. $1 10%.
> Second Session— December ' — 2000 ' etls,
$1.08%: ;-.'. :>>'*; \
Regular Morning- Session — December— 2000
Ctls.-$1 08%. "'-•'i. -¦-¦¦.'!• '-'..;•
• Afteracon \ Session — December^ — 16,000 ctls,
$1-08%. ¦"
: BARLEY — The market continued weak and
quotations were, etlll' further shaded. Futures,
however, .were about the same. . The weakness
in spot grain is paid to be due to the fine crop
prospects, the near approach of the new crop
end 1 k lessened- demand. .
*¦¦ Feed, • 92%@95c for. No. 1 'and 90@9iyiC for
oft grades; brewing and shipping grades, 90%o
@$1; ? Chevalier,- $1@1. 20. .
CALL-BOARD SALES.
: . -'.. Exchange arid BullionrZ .
Sterling Exchange, 60 days....;. — .''""$4 86^4
Sterling Cables,, sight..'........-''— 4 88%
Sterling/Cables ........-.:;...;.¦¦,'— 4 8U%
New 'York Exchange, sight. .....-* . 15
New York Exchange, telegraphic • 17%
Silver,- per ' ounce — ./. ' 61 %'
Mexican Dollars,' .nominal. ....... — • 45%
>. Iff heat land. Other. "Grains. :•
: WHEAT— Paris and, Liverpool futures were
both -.lower. ¦ Argentine r shipments for thej
week were 1,484,000 bushels, aganist 1,352,000
for .the . same i week last j year. '
' : ¦ Chicago continued ; to report a weather ruar
•ket^ind declined vl%c/ ¦ There*, were heavy
rains- in Iowa and Illinois, moderate rains in;
Nebraska. and the Northwest and light, scat
tered showers" In Kansas. Further showers
were predicted for to-day,, except in Kansas,
for * which the forecast was clear and cool.
Theso rains have thoroughly weakened the
markets,., which are demoralized under the
pressure • of long 1 , stuff, . -with the country can
celing previous orders. . The Modern
Miller, however,* was bearish, with the South-
West- buying. Bradstreet's exports of wheat
-and flour for the week were 3,750,000 bushels,
against 4,282,000 for the same week last year."
. In ¦ this market ' futures were fractionally
weaker, -but spot prices, Were unchanged.
• Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 11%@1 12%; mill
ing, $1 1354®!' 15 per ctl.
* , . ;... . ¦ , v -,.,.,..;¦¦ ;..?:
CHICAGO, April 25— Rains in .the four,^ big
surplus . wheat'-, and .'corn : States', .played . havoc^
with the priceB of grains on, the Board of Trade;
to-day and caused a ; commotion ? for 1 a. :tlme
that resembled a stampede. : prices
so widely, and wildly; that »f or a time '.a. panic
was feared. : - There was i a wild opening ; In . the
wheat pit. Rain had fallen; during 'the ¦ night
copiously over Iowa, .". Illinois,; Missouri ¦; and
Nebraska, and 'the situation* was materially re
lieved in ¦ Kansas, j The. trade ; -hardly S had " to
look at'the weather-map to- know .-that the dry
Weather scare wsis' knocked into a 'cocked- hat.
Strangely enough the heavy downpour in : ; thls
city as. usual gave v'an'-a'dd^d fright ! ttf. wheat
holders, and with one accord there was;- agen
eral wheat-dumping process -at thev sound of the
opening gong.' "> Everybody seemed \o have sell
ing orders. •¦ So rapid -was the decline* and ; so
Irregular 1 the^ fluctuatl6ns that stop-loss Jorders
were soon met and additional stuff .was thrown
into the. pit, contributing toward ' a- --further,
weakness. Speculators 'in general— big/aid lit
tle—felt the - effect,- of • the -extremely * bearish
weather- conditions,' following -the < slump ,K of
yesterday.;. Of course rains 'were.' expected j for.
a long time, and the traders had' fortified them
selves iwithi stop-loss . selling; orders,"- but there
was such a quantity for sale that the break
became: a" collapse." .Two million -bushels e,ach
were ' unloaded . by " several ' houses. « 'Aside ! from
the -.weather news,- conditions might be .^called
bullish. - The . early English' cables were • not
responsive to our slump., of. yesterday, but they
»oon • got - into- line and closed weaJc. . .Receipts
were small and statistical papers issued bullish
reports.. • Another support : was .-the.' apparent'
eteadlnesa of 'the Kansas City market; in 'face
of the -break here.,; Some, .traders ( .arjruedi that
market should be in better, position, to know the.
truth "of the Kansas situation .than the '.local
crowd,- Other outside markets .were weak, but
occasional ' reports still complained'-' of - crop
damage. —After- the ¦ early tumult prices recov
ered ' somewhat, but . bearish sentiment induced
further; pressure, and, the market weakened
again. ; -May wheat • opened • %@%c -to- 1%-to
l%c lower, with- sales as - wide • as' 74%o~to
73?4c July sold at the start between 76@75%c.
The close was . weak",' "May lU@tU"C, lower' at
74Hc and July l%c off At 75%@75%c. " • s 
. Corn.. suffered even a worse. break. than
at the opening-, slumping as much as 2%C-
Wheat sympathy, and the. general rains were'
the factors. All day the pit was a scene- of
much excitement and nervous feeling. ¦ .Corn
was ¦ dumped freely into - the pit regardless of
prices. Stop-loss orders came out all the way
down and. during the early scramble there was
practically no' support. ' Even the' " big ; bull
crowd' Bold out much of their holdings for
profit. "Tailers" were badly squeezed. After
the general selling movement had seemingly
knocked . the , bottom put -of. ¦ the market ! there
was -some responsive buying and prices re
covered lj£c from the lower point of the day.
Subsequently much of this recovery was lost,
as scalpers sold again. "¦ The close. was weak,
both July and May closing lc lower at 63
and 62%c respectively. ; a -..
Oats declined with the break in other grains,
but the market ruled comparatively quiet. The
close was weak. May lc lower at 42'/4c
Provisions maintained a' firm undertone the
greater part of the .session in spite of the
weakening . influence of grains. Prices, how
ever, slid off In the face of a light run, of hogs
and the . highest prices of the year at the yards.
Bears t made some use * of ; the contemplated
prosecution of the meat trust to depress prices,
but packers supported the market . at the de
cline. • .There was a good demand for products,
especially for lard. July-pork cloeecl 15c lower,
lard 5@7 > Ac off and ribs 607^c down.. ,
t The leading futures -ranged as fallows:
Local stocks and bonds still quiet. '£*!¦ '
Sihrr and' Exchange at previously quoted
Wheat and Barley -weak and the latter slightly loxvcr- \
Oats, Corn and Rye quieter.. *. "".- ' V . ..*
Beans steady, with soini inquiry for shipment.
Hay, Bran' and 'Middlings as be fore^ quoted. \ i" ." .'
Butter, Cheese and Eggs still plentiful. • ..- : "
Prozisions inactive, with. some cutting.reported.. , - •
No change in Wool, Hides and Hops', r '
Hogs advanced again under light receipts.- .
Coal in fair supply and rather weak. ' , .,
Potatoes firm. . Onions ond Asparagus higher.' ¦-•---¦ „. •
Fruits firm under light receipts. Apples received from Australia.
Poultry and Game about: the same. - .. ,,<... -..
Boston Elevated.. 126 Iele Royale ...... 13
£.. Y ii. N H & H «-235 Old Dominion ... 19%
FItchburg pfd...l46 Osceola ......... 63^
Lnlon- Pacific .'..'.105% Parrot .......:... 26
«, lcan Cen^ral. 29 Quincy ......... .130 5
Miscellaneous— - Santa Fe Copper. . 2%
Amer' Sugar ...'.12534 Tamarack .......175
Amer Sugar pfd . . 118% Trimountain .95
Amer T & T....1S2& Trinity J.3%
Dom Iron & Steel. 63 United States ... 21%
General Elec .328 Utah 23
Mass Elec 44% Victoria 5
Mass Elec pfd.... 97 Winona ......... 1%
N E Gas & Coke. 4 Wolverine ....... 53
United Fruit .:..1O6%.J Dally West ..... 44%
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS^- : - ..
Consols for Louis & Nash. /.. 130^
money 94 1-16 M K & T >.... 26&
Consols for Do pfd .... 65 «
account .....94 11-16 N Y Central ...:. 163 Va
Anaconda 5% Nor & West. . . . . -. 60%
Atchison 82% \>o pfd .92
Do pM 101V4Oflt & West ."86^
Bait & Ohio .111-fi So Railway '38
Canadian Padflc::132 Do pfd >..7..... 9811
Ches & Ohio. .... .49% So Pacific ....... CO'*
Chi at West.. 1 ... -.26 {4 Union: Pacific, ...108 Vi
Chi M & St P.V.17#% Do -pfd ....'.... 90&
Denver & R G...-«% U S Steel'..;;.. .,'43 ,
Do pfd ...85 ' Do- pfdv. V..:... *97 ]
Erie ...-.....;.... 41<* Wabash " r. ....... 27 >A
Do 1st pfd: 72% Do pfd^. .;:;¦...• 47Vi
Do 2d pfd 57H Spanish 4s... '73ft
111 Central' ......151 I . :. v ' .'.:• .' ;*
Bar silver, .Bteady, 23 %d" per ounce." ¦¦'.
Money, 2% @3 per cent/ ; ; ,' '¦ ' *:¦. . ' »
The.rate.of discount In the op«ft <market for
ehort bills; is 2 13-16 per cent; for three months',
bills, 2?i per cent. . ¦ • r, .
SUMMARY OF THE .MARKETS.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL
Standard California, 6s 4*Ad@6s Cd; wheat tn
Paris, dull; flour in Paris, dull; French coun
try markets, firm; weather^ in England,' splen
did. :'¦. '•. ,.. ' .,.'-.. .> - . ¦; - .¦-.
•* COTTON— Uplands, 5%d. ' . '
... ,. .Northern Business.
.PORTLAND,' April 25.— Clearings,- $324,935;
balances.: 165,260. ~. . \
-TACOMA. April 25.— Clearings, $186,200; baK
ances, $28,764.- -¦¦¦¦¦¦.-.¦¦ ¦¦¦¦ ¦
SPOKANE, April " 25.— Clearings, $228,310;
balances. $12,890. ~
SEATTLE, April ! 25.-i-Clearlngs, $531,355;
balances.- $127,009. ' : ' , .
: ' ¦¦ Northern Wheat Market
.- _ ¦ \- -OREGON.
PORTLAND, April 25.— WHEAT— Nominal. 1
Walla Walla, 65c; bluestem, 66c
• - WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, April 25. — WHEAT — Steady. Blue
•stem, 06c;. club, 65c. ;-*
toba, ¦ 87c f. o. b. afloat. • A^ sensational decline
followed the break 1 In . Western ' drolight condi
tions to-day,', prices ,• losing- over :', a cent . per
bushel, and weakness prevailed all day. : Closed
weak at l%@l%o.net decline. '. May, 80? 9-16®
81%c. closed . 80<&c; . July, .80 U-16@81 9-16u.
closed 80%c; > September, 80%@81%c, closed
80%c;" December, 81 9-16@82*«c, closed 81 %c.'
1 HOPS— Firm. •."¦" . . . ' '. «, ;• . .;
5 HIDES— Quiet.. , l ¦ ; -. i >-• : :,'i
WOOL— Quiet., ". . • :•- ¦".
COFFEE — Spot Bio, . . dull. No. 7 invoice,
6 7-16c; mild,, quiet: Cordova, 8&@13c. Fu
tures closed net 5@10 points - lower. Sales
were 45,500 bags, Including: May, 4.80c;. July,
6.05®5.10c; August, 5.20c; September, 5.25@
5.30c; October,- 5.30c; December, 5.45@5.50c;
March, 6.70c. ' ) .-"¦' ¦' ¦ ,\ : ¦ : . . :
SUGAR— Raw, .firm. "Fair \ refining, 3%c;
centrifugal, 96 test, 3%c. Molasses sugar, 2%c.
Refined was steady. ¦- -.
V x. •; . DRIED FRUITS. V . •. .
EVAPORATED APPLES — Quiet: no changes
from yesterday's quotations. . ¦ .
Prunes were more active for jobbing 1 ac
count and on new fruit .some -firmness la
1 shown,- though without actual Improvement \'n
prices. Old. fruit easy and quiet. Peaches and
apricots were in. novae jobbing request and
steady.-*-' •¦'-••
PRUNES— 3%©6Vic- :¦;•>¦ in _ in -.'
• APRICOTS— Boxes, 10%@13c; bags, 10@12c.
•.PEACHES — Peeled." 14® lSc; unpeeled, 8@llc.
Chicago - Grain M'arkeh
THE SAN FBAXCISCO GALL, SATURDAY* APRIL 26, 1902.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Bdnk Clearings.
FAMILY RETAIL MARKET.
Bradstreet's on Trade.
EASTERN MARKETS.
11
New York Grain and Produce:
Articles — . r^.Open. High. Low. Close..
Wheat No. 2—
May 74% 74% n$% 74%.
July 76 7fl 75% ¦ 75%
September ....'. 75% ' ' "-'• 75% "> T4% 75"
•-• Corn" No. 2^ -^-.^-=-^- " •-— m r -'-*~
May 62% C2?4 '-61% 62%
July... 64 64 62% '62%
September 62% ... 63% 61% 62%
• Oats No. 2 —
May 42 . 43 v 41% 42%
July <qld) ..... .33% S«% 35 , 35%
July (new) 37% • 37% 36% 37%
September (old) .31% 31% -30 30%
September (new) 33 33 82 ' ¦ 32%
Mesa Pork, per bbl — ¦ • : ¦
May 10 72% 16 72% 16 60 16 62%
July". 16 05- 17 00 16 82% 16 57%
September 17 10 17 10 16 95 16 97%
Lard, per 100 lbs— . .
May ..9 87% 9 87% 9 82% 9 83.
July ......10 00 10 00 9 95 " 9 05
September .....10 10 10 10 10 05' 10 07%
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
May ....8 25. 9 25 9 22% 9 22%
July ........... 9 37% 9 40 9 32% 9 35,
September 9 47% 9 50 9 42% 9 45
. ¦ ¦ = ¦ 2 ¦. K G 2 5
?> s I r« as jr s
3 22 BB si 8; . «
STATIONS. * ?§ - § ?'• ?
r •? E" :» ¦ ? . £
• : 3 3 : : f
Astoria ......30.18 54.40 NW Pt Cldy .20
B*ker 30.06 52.32 SW Pt Cldy .00
Carson , 00.00 58 26 ,W Cloudy .00
Eoreka 30.20 52 42 N Cloudy .00
Fr«no 30.04 64 42 NTT Cloudy .00
Flagstaff 29.90 €2 30 SW Clear .00
Pocatello. Ida 34 00
Independence .23.90 64 38 SE - Pt Cldy .00
I>os Angeles ..30.00 T2 44 "W Clear .00
PhofeEix 29.&0 84 50 N Clear .00
Portland 30.14 58 58 W Pt Cldy .01
Red Bluff ...30.06 66 48 6E Pt Cldy .00
Roseburs ....30.12 58 40 XW- Cloudy .02
*acr*mento ..30.06 66 44 W 'Cloudy .00
Salt Lake 30.04 56 32 S Clear .93
Saa Franclsco.30.12 62 48 TV Cloudy .00
S. L. Oblspo. .30.06 72 46 W PtCldy .00
Sin Diego 23.98 C6 46 NW Clear -.00
Seattle 30.14 60 46 W Clear .00
Fpokane 30.10 58 34 SW "Rain .'At
Keeh Bay 30.16 54.38 W Cloudy .00
Walla Walla.30.08 (50 44 E Pt Cldy .00
Wirnemucca. .30.02 54 34 .Jf Ooudy .04
Yuma 2S.88 86 54 KW Clear .<iQ
. ¦ ¦ = ¦ 2 ¦. K G 2 5
?> s I r« as jr s
3 22 BB si 8; . «
STATIONS. * ?§ - § ?'• ?
r •? E" :» ¦ ? . £
• : 3 3 : : f
Astoria ......30.18 54.40 NW Pt Cldy .20
B*ker 30.06 52.32 SW Pt Cldy .00
Carson , 00.00 58 26 ,W Cloudy .00
Eoreka 30.20 52 42 N Cloudy .00
Fr«no 30.04 64 42 NTT Cloudy .00
Flagstaff 29.90 €2 30 SW Clear .00
Pocatello. Ida 34 00
Independence .23.90 64 38 SE - Pt Cldy .00
I>os Angeles ..30.00 T2 44 "W Clear .00
PhofeEix 29.&0 84 50 N Clear .00
Portland 30.14 58 58 W Pt Cldy .01
Red Bluff ...30.06 66 48 6E Pt Cldy .00
Roseburs ....30.12 58 40 XW- Cloudy .02
*acr*mento ..30.06 66 44 W 'Cloudy .00
Salt Lake 30.04 56 32 S Clear .93
Saa Franclsco.30.12 62 48 TV Cloudy .00
S. L. Oblspo. .30.06 72 46 W PtCldy .00
Sin Diego 23.98 C6 46 NW Clear -.00
Seattle 30.14 60 46 W Clear .00
Fpokane 30.10 58 34 SW "Rain .'At
Keeh Bay 30.16 54.38 W Cloudy .00
Walla Walla.30.08 (50 44 E Pt Cldy .00
Wirnemucca. .30.02 54 34 .Jf Ooudy .04
Yuma 2S.88 86 54 KW Clear .<iQ
Articles — . r^.Open. High. Low. Close..
Wheat No. 2—
May 74% 74% n$% 74%.
July 76 7fl 75% ¦ 75%
September ....'. 75% ' ' "-'• 75% "> T4% 75"
•-• Corn" No. 2^ -^-.^-=-^- " •-— m r -'-*~
May 62% C2?4 '-61% 62%
July... 64 64 62% '62%
September 62% ... 63% 61% 62%
• Oats No. 2 —
May 42 . 43 v 41% 42%
July <qld) ..... .33% S«% 35 , 35%
July (new) 37% • 37% 36% 37%
September (old) .31% 31% -30 30%
September (new) 33 33 82 ' ¦ 32%
Mesa Pork, per bbl — ¦ • : ¦
May 10 72% 16 72% 16 60 16 62%
July". 16 05- 17 00 16 82% 16 57%
September 17 10 17 10 16 95 16 97%
Lard, per 100 lbs— . .
May ..9 87% 9 87% 9 82% 9 83.
July ......10 00 10 00 9 95 " 9 05
September .....10 10 10 10 10 05' 10 07%
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
May ....8 25. 9 25 9 22% 9 22%
July ........... 9 37% 9 40 9 32% 9 35,
September 9 47% 9 50 9 42% 9 45
AUCTION SALES
Inauqural
Auction Sale
» At My New Place,
246 THIRD STREET.
60 Driving Horses
(Gentle and well broken),
BUGGIES. CARTS - HARNESS, •
P.OBES, BLANKETS. WHIPS ETC.. ETC.
All-in Perfect Order. , ,
This Is a rare "opportunity for seekers aftef
young and fine looking, well-broken horses,
weighing from 1000 to 1500 pounds; sultablo
for all. purposes; most of them city broke:
fine saddle horses, etc., as well as perfectly
matched teams; besides many articles Indis-
pensable 'to all horse owners. ¦
MONDAY, APRIL 28, 1802.
Commencing at 11 a.'.m/ J
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE.
Office 246 Third st., hear Folsom.
(Formerly 721 Howard street.)
:fj ' WM. G. LAYNG. Auctioneer.
'fe» -fc» fe £a*
0; AUCTION SALE OF
HORSES
AT J. D. HORAN'S STOCK YARDS. COR.
10TH AND BRYANT STS.. SATURDAY.
— APRIL, 26TH, AT 11 A. M.
By order of M. Hartley of Merrill Oregon.
I will sell 100 broken and unbroken horses,
mares, young mules and colts
. WM. G. LAYNG, Auctioneer.
AUCTION SALE.
Tuesday, April 29, 1902, 11a.m.
AT STOCKTON, CAL.
Contents of Fashion Stables.
Forty .first-class livery horses, wagonettes,
3-seaters, surreys, rubber-tired buggies, har-
ness, safe, desk, furniture and tools. Sale en
account of dissolution of partnership. Every-
thing first-class and up-to-date; no reserve or
limit. ED SMITH. Auctioneer.
EASTON. ELDRIOCE A CO.,
63S Market St.. Auctioneers.
. IMPORTANT SALE.
MONDAY. April 28. at 10 o'clock.
On the premises. 310 Stockton, near Sutter.
W« . Will Sell
The elesrant Mantel Mirrors. Parlor and Cham-
ber Furniture, Oil Paintings and Engravings.
Portieres and Curtains. Moquet Body Brussels
and Velvet Carpets contained In 28 finely fur-
nished rooms of tha EARL HOUSE. For par-
ticulars see Chronicle. •
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.. Auctioneers.THE SAN' .'FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, CAPRIL 26, 1902.
12
CAR£ETVBEATIN^_A^D^jCL^A^ilNO^ |
WHEN you become disgusted, with poor work
. send to SFAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-.
1 ing works. 35a-357 Tehama St.; tel. South 40.
Karlson Karpet Co. — Cleaning 3c yd. ;upholster-
ing.1213 Market. bet.8th&0th:tel.Howard 2013.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.,- 402 Sutter st;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison St. ; tel. Mission 263.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. G. -H.
STEVENS, Mgr., 3S-40 8th st. ; tel. South 250.
CALIFORNIA Carpet-beating Co.i J. McQueen,*
proprietor, 329 Guerrero St.; tel.. Mltelon 49.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works.;
333 Golden Gate ave.; telephone East 126. *. .
IMPROVED carpet-cleaning works. 1512 Polk;
tel. East 725. A. G. KLEINERT. Prop. ' '
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vatlng Co.. 240 14th St.; tel. Mission 74.
' DENTISTS. U
.A^d!?.~T?~S?^IIGGINS. 92f Market St.. Emma
Spreckels bldg.— Painless dentistry. at reason-
able prices; pure gold fillings, $1 50; other fill-
ings, $1; gold; and porcelain crowns, $5 up;
plates, a full set of teeth that look natural
and guaranteed/ $5 up. '• ' ' .' ; "* '
Painless extraction.
I do first-class work only and guarantee it.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plate, bridges
and fillings; extractions or filling by my won-
' derful secret, painless method; 20 -ears ex-
perience; no students;, advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed ; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st. ¦
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Market, cor.
4th,' r. 7 Flood bldg.; extractions done pain-
lessly; teeth without plates our specialty; gold
crowns $3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50
up; office hours. 9 a. m. to 9 p. m. ; Sundays,
9 to 2. J. W. THATCHER, D.D.S., Manager.
EASY Dental Parlors, 6 Turk St.. cor. Mason —
Expert painless extractors; skilled operators;
gas given; lady attendant. R. C. ANDER-
SON.D.D.S.. proprietor and manager.
A NEW plate— The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crowns, $3 60; fillings, 50c;
plates. $5. full set; all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st
DR. EX P. SHEPARD, 14 . Geary st— Expert
workmanship only; reasonable; hours 10 to 4.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush—
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns. $3; fillings. 50c.
MEYER, 40 O'Farrell. late of 6 Turk st—
Ctpwn and bridge work; gas specialist. ;
•SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School;
corset-making taught: patterns cut 1019 Mkt.
EDUCATIONAL. _
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF ELECTRICAL 'ENGI-
NEERING — Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
"practical; day and night 24 Post st, 8. F. ;
catalogue free. ¦ ' .
SUMMER term night school for men, Y. M. C.|
A. building — Arithmetic, bookkeeping, Eng-
lish, penmanship, stenography and typewrit-
ing. ,naval architecture, steam engineering;
special tuition for special courses. Call at
Association building for particulars. ¦ ¦' .
A — $50: LIFE scholarship at AYRES' BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE, 723 Market st, pays for
the combined commercial and., shorthand
courses; new typewriters; positions secured;
catalogue free. y ' ' ¦'¦¦¦
A — GALLAGHER-MARSH College. . Indorsed by
all expert court reporters, will remove from
Parrott building to more commodious quarters
at 1382 Market st, on or about May 1. 1902.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES, 24 POST ST.,
S. F. — Thorough courses ;complete equipment,
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day and night; catalogue free.;
A — THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
. colleges: references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec, mining, mech.sur-
vey. assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Nalllen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
ACCOUNTING — Most thorough course on coast;
beginners and college graduates perfected.
TARR, expert accountant, 219 Parrott bldg.
CALIFORNIA Business College; most thorough
modern, methods; positions for all graduates;
new 60-page catalogue free. 305 Larkin st.
ALL Gregg, stenographers secure positions; 34
good positions in March; rapid figures a spe-
clalty. S. F. Business College. 1236 Market.
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallet School;
associated with theatrical agency securing po-.
sitlons. Alcazar building, 120 O'Farrell st.
Harpist, only teacher West, desires pupils. 1 Mme.
Carusl. Hallet School , Acting, 120 O'Farrell st.
STENOGRAPHY & typewriting; individual In-
struction; Pitman system ;$5 mo. 1317 Folsom.
SPANISH.French.etcProf.De Fillppe'sAcademy
of Languages,320Post;estab'dl871;ablestprofs.
VIOLIN, guitar, mandolin, banjo -taught in
class, $1 mo. 426 O'Farrell; phone Plna 433.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
SHORTHAND taught by mail or personally.
MISS M. G. BARRETT. 302 Montgomery st.
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof. MERKI. good"
teacher. 1008 MlaBlon; Instruments selected.
DANCING quickly taught;- private or class.
BARKER'S Academy. 723 Market st. '; •
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post st. S. F.-
founded 1863; new 80-page catalogue free.
ELEVATORS,
ELEVATORS inspected and repaired at moderate
prices. J.E.Upphoff.565 Mission; tel.John 3856.
OFFICES. "
•A — JAPANESE reliable h^u^e^leainingPcooks
and waiters furnished at short notice. Geo
Klnoshlta, 1203 Page, cor. Lyon; tel.Fell 8501.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office— Furnish most
reliable help. 524 Bush St.; tel. Bush 616.,
CHINESE and Japanese help: estab. 20 years
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay!
Grand Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office, 415 Stock-
ton; tel. Grant ltJ8; expert, reliable help.
JAPANESE and Chinese best help; cook and
waiter. 421 Post; GEO. AOKI; tel. Bush 135.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce; alfkinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 6188.
ORI'HEUM Employment Office — Japanese, Chl^
nese help. 426 Powell, nr.Sutter;tel.Black 5072.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— FEMALE.
NORTH German refined, well- educated girl,
wishes position as governess or lady's attend,
ant; would like to go East Call or address
"Governess," 1418 Hyde st. '
YOUNG woman wants work by the day, wash-
ing or housecleantng, $1 50 per day.- MRS ¦
H., 534 Second St.
SITUATION wanted by competent Danish. girl
to do second work or general housework
Box 1430. Call office.
RESPECTABLE lady wishes position as house-
keeper or to cook for men. Call 68-74 Ellis
st, room 131, between 1 and 4. . .. ; - -
YOUNG woman wants work by day washing
sweeping and window-cleaning; reference'
Address H.. 615 Larkin st. - ¦¦ ¦< '
GERMAN woman wants work by the day
at washing and housecleanlng. Address 2750
Harrison st. -.
EXPERIENCED nurse wishes a position to
, nurse in confinement; terms reasonable. Ad-
dress MRS. M. V. HALL, 1037 Howard st.
YOUNG lady desires bookkeeping, copying
correspondence, etc.. evenings,' at office or
home. Address E. F;, 3G74 Sixteenth Bt.
RELIABLE woman wants work of any kind by
V?. e da £ : I 1 ** r da r- 21OT Ge ary st; phone
Pine 1996. ' ir V::*' :*-v ,
YPUNG woman would like to do second work
pr general housework in an American fam-
ily- Call or address I. H., 1412 Mission st. V
AGED, respectable Protestant woman; place
American family; flat or , house.
NORWEGIAN girl wishes to do. house work-
good cook. 1355 Stevenson st. ¦ . ¦-..•* •¦ '.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st. near Mar-
' ket — 2 00 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 '
• to $6 week; convenient and respectable- free
bus and baggage to and from ; ferry. . . ;..
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 639. McAllister Bt.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
• received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore.
A PRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1098
Valencia st. ... ¦ • . .,.,.. . ,T,
WANTED MALE.
MARRIED man wishes a Job in wholesale or
• packing- house; understands handling, and
care of machinery. Address ANDERSOV
428 Sutter; St. " — :¦¦!.*:'
WANTED— By middle-aged single man, drive
team,' , do chores, <¦¦ work on- a fruit ranch-
. willing- to do anything.- , J. BURROUGH 417
Kearny. st".' '.:" .¦ "--.-. :.-¦*; ; . ;, •; . -,
A STEADY man, aged 29. .wants position • prl-
vete place; • practical, good gardener; ; u'nder-
. . stands care of fine horses and carriages; good
references. ; Address . P. L.,- 530 Bush: st. '• ;¦'
BAKER, i steady :. young j man,', would - : like I to
work : as first or second • hand r on bread or
cakes. 408 Linden ave. . \ ,, ' •, /?¦''¦
BAKER;, good "second . hand,- . wants ' position •
country preferred. -Box 1()72, Call. • '
nPSINESS CH ANCES---ConUnned.-
A— K. KENNY, 75 Third st, has the following
safe, payine business Investments: . . •
$450^ — Fruit, r produce and general store,
' clearing $150 per month; trial before buying;
best location In the State; Is realy. worth
. $1000; owner leaving the State.
$450— Restaurant, doing a business of over
$40 per • day. clearing $150 per month; btst
, location in the city; no niabt work; low rent;
owner leaving the city.
$S00 — Partner wanted In a first-class cor-
ner saloon; thoroughly established; fine and
large custom; clearing $200 per month; owner
Is tired of unreliable barkeepers; will teach
a good man the business. .
$100— Barber shop; a bargain: 2 chairs;
plenty of steady work; don't miss this.
$450— Grocery and bar in the vicinity of
Fourth and Mission; good trade; clears from
$75 to $100 per month.
$1000 — Boilermakers or blacksmiths or ma-
chinists, attention; partner wanted in a fine
business in the southern part of tht State:
best shop outside of this city; a man of
either of nbov e trades will have a grand
chance to connect himself with a first-class
mechanic and sure future.
$750— Partner wanted to. do the collecting
and assist in looking after the hired help in
a fine carpenter contracting business; clear-
ing $250-$300 per montb. <
For any of above cee KENNY, 75 Third st
$450— RESTAURANT; best location; cheap
rent; 25 tables: 100 chairs; sells at sacrifice
on account of departure: look at It before
buying elsewhere. K. KENNY. 75 Third st.
A— JOSEPH STRAUB. f
S50 Market st, cor. Stockton.
Telephone Grant 177.
Real Estate Agent.
. • Property Bought and Sold.
Rents Collected.
Loans Negotiated.
Legitimate Business Agent
A GOOD Investment — A manufacturing busi-
ness wants $20,000 additional capital; the
business is well established and paying large
dividends and Is Increasing to the necessity
for extra capital to allow further and natural
developments. Add. P. O. box 294, Oakland.
AN established paying medical specialist' * busi-
ness for sale at a bargain; clearing $5000 a
year: name, lease, good will, ' furniture, fix-
tures, etc; all go; opportunity given for in-
vestigation to those who mean business; sat-
isfactory reasons for selling. Box 4511, Call.
GOOD-PAYING bakery business at half value:
gqod location; good prices; cheap rent; in-
cluding furniture of 2. rooms; price $250.
1101 Howard st. - ¦
ACTIVE man, with $5000. can establish broker-
age business and use his own money; large
profits: something rare. Box 1421. Call.
$600 — FOR tale, grocery and notion store; party
wishes to leave town; good locality; fine
neighborhood. Apply at once, 1124 Chest-
Eut st.. Oakland. ¦ '
RESTAURANT; place for man and wife; very
low rent: good bus.; cheap. Box 1402. Call.
TRANSFER and baggage office: 2 horses and 2
wagons; a bargain. Call at 108 Taylor st.
CHEAPEST and best In America — The Weekly
Call, 10 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage ' paid.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
A LODGING-HOUSES
lCrooms; rent $50; modern building;
good furnishings; death cause of sell-
Ing $500
20 rms.; rent $70; cent, loc: mixed fur. 1300
23 rms.; rent $56; bay-windew house.. 1700
27 rooms; rent $125: lease; fine furn... 3500
E5 rms.- rent $300; location Al; elevator 7000
Lodging-houses and hotels ' to suit all
classes of buyers; large list; call and in-
vestigate before buying.
G. W. SCHWEINHARD.
017 Market st (upstairs), bet. 5th and 6th.
GOOD transient house; new furniture $1800
30 rms. ; mechanics' hotel ; man and wife 750
100 rooms; country; transient; low rent. 6500
300 rooms;- corner house for men 5000
60 rooms; offices and rooms; low rent... 3200
35 rms.; Howard; rent only $65; terms. 1400
40 rooms; man house; rent $15; bargain. 700
Money loaned at 1 per cent.
Hotels, houses and fiats. 5 to 200 rooms.
EITEL & CARROLL. 1032 Market st.
MITCHELL & HORNLEIN. 1200 Market st '
We have rooming-houses all sizes and
prices, in all parts of the city.
11 rooms; good location; Al furnished. .$850
20 rooms; sunny; good renter 950
S rooms; sunny flat; corner -. 200
11 rooms; downtown; good 700 \
18 rooms; rent $37 50; make offer 900
Money loaned at 1% per cent per month. ¦
DONALD INVESTMENT COMPANY.
850 Market st. — (Inc.).. Phone Davis 2S1.
Reliable dealers in rooming-houses, hotels,
business chances and real estate.
We furnish vacant houses and
Loan Money at lowest rates.
Something new every day.
New houses to lease.
A. CAMERON tc CO.,
S50 Market st. and 8 Stockton st. - . ,
Rooms 21. 22, 23. Phone Bush 323.
If you have hotels, rooming-houses or business
to sell, list with us; buyers call; we can suit
you; have bargains In hotels, lodging-houses,
flats; all. sizes and prices; in all parts of city.
A— Near The Call building.
MARION GRD7FIN. 719 Market st, rms. J-2.
Telephone Black 1-8-0-3.
Money to Loan
Big free list of lodging-houses at my office.
All for sale on easy terms. Please call.
A— H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market st.
Before buying a lodging-house, rooming-
house, boarding-house, hotel and bar, city or
country. It will be to your advantage to call
at our office. We do not offer places for sale
j unless the value Is in sight.
12 ROOMS; oak and cherry furn; rent $55. .$850
7 rooms; flat; Van Ness; nice furniture.. 550
11 rooms; housekeeping; rent $32 600
This is a partial list of our bargains. Call.
Liberal loans to buyers. Low rates.
HEALY & CARR. 027 Market St.. room 203.
ATTENTION — To buy, sell or exchange, call on
A. H. RETSLOFF. phone John 531.
':j-J', - 90C Market at. corner Ellis.
A SNAP — Lodging-house. 21 rooms; Kearny St.:
corner house: best furniture; nets $100 month;
only $1300. McBRIDE & CO.. 765 Market st.
$425— NEWLY furnished house; choice loca-
tion;' departure; bargain. 1010 Larkin.' .
NEW apartment house for sale or rent. 245
Grant ave.
SPIRITUALISM.
A-^C. V. MILLER, world's famous materializ-
ing medium; spirits speak face to face; seance
Tues., Fri., Sun., H p. m.; 50C 1084 Bush st.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. melum ;
life reader: medical clairvoyant: sittings $1;
letter $2. 1164 OTarrell St.: Ellis car.
MRS. ETHEL CRINDLE. materializing sc-
ance. 50c, Tues. eve. 731 26th st, Oakland.
Mrs. Seal, spiritual and bus. medium; tobacco
habit cured or no pay. Avondale. 1424 Market.
EDWARD EARLE, 328 Ellis: readings dally;
phone Polk. 1601; seance Sunday and Thura.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister — Mrs. C. J
Meyer: sittings dally: teat to all to-night: 10c.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. E. BERNARD,
THE FAMOUS l
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third st, next Examiner bldg.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accurate
description of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur In the fu-
ture. If you are In trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domestic,
love or business troubles, consult this great me-
dium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life; 25c
up; satisfaction guaranteed. Tel Black 4560.
ISMAR THE GYPSY ~ ~~ : „ ~
Has Removed To
. 1104 Market St.. Corner Turk. ¦
Is— i&r. the Egyptian seeress, has removed to
more commodious quarters in the Vendome.
1104 Market st. corner Turk, offices 9 and 10,
where she can be consulted daily on all af-
fairs of life. Hours, 10 a. m. to 5 p. m. Sun-
days 10 to 12 m. . ;
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket St., cor. Golden Gate ave., rooms 25 and
2«; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall; send stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Daily and Sunday. -
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil— second sight;
diagnoses diseases with life Teadlng;ladIes50c,
gents $1; palm, and clalr. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
A— MISS M. WILLE, 326A Ellis; clairvoyant,
crystal seer; reads your life correctly without
ques.; full namen; 50c-$l ; 10 a. m. to 8 p. ' m.
ARRIVED — Mme. J. Lyons, the famous medium
of the Northwest; locates mines, unites sep-
arated, finds treaa. 1007^ Mkt, parlors 7-8.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
advice;, names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
A — Mrs. Melvlll, wonderful clairvoyant, water
reader. 11 Cth: German spoken; hours, 9 to H.
CARD reading and astrology. 148 6th st, room
2_, second floor; horoscopes cast by mall. - '
MME. WODGEHSKA, great card reader; read.
dally, 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.; 10c-25c. 119 Rubs.
LINCOLN — Clairvoyant and high psychisf
hours 11 to 3; readings by mail. 125 Turk st.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant card reader; ladies
25c. * gents tJOc ; readings daily. 132 Sixth st.
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader.- from Louisiana;
only 10c: from 1 to 8. 202 Minna st. nr.. 4th.
OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency — No charge
unless successful. Room 310. 027 Market nt.
COTTAGES ', TO LET.
MENLcT (Fair Oaks)— New Cottage] 7 rooms,
bath, furnished. A. R. HARRISON, • 78 Geary.
I ..'EMPLOYMEKT'-.'WAMTED^-MA'tjB!. ;,
COMPETENT.- neat Eastern man wishes sltua-
¦ A <tlon;. private place; -thoroughly understands
'; ¦ horses. - harness.-: carriages, grounds; careful
1 driver;; milk; handy with tools;;for owner's
. Interest '.when absent. Box 4265, Call. 8. . F.
YOUNG man of good address Seeks position as
night clerk In rooming-house; salary required
; moderate. -Box 1441, .Call office. .1-
YOUNG German bartender, good mixer, wishes
position; best . references. Address 2206 Mls-
;slon st ':-'-.. ' .. '-, ¦ ¦ - ¦-¦¦<""'...'."'.•:¦¦*•:'*'
WANTED — Positions by . man and ¦ wife ' on
¦:ranch; man good 'all-round' worker; wife first-
class housekeeper. '-: Address, for 1 week, W.
W., box 4807,. Call. ;..'.'" . '
JOBBING blacksmith and shoer, married, and
steady, wishes a situation; wages reasonable;
-, custom shop. I Address F. ; M., Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz County. Cal. ¦¦•¦¦ ..;¦•¦¦
GOOD : experienced Chinese cook wishes posl-
¦ tion in hotel- or boarding-house.' 'Address
YEE LING. 20 Prospect place. .
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
• received ,at \ Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.'
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has - been established I at ' 1096
. Valencia st. • • V .-¦ ' ¦ - .
: FINANCIAL.
o9)&)b^sllAi*Eir~o?~th^M
Flores Hale & Co. were sold at auction on
. March 21st; the time for confirmation of the
eale by the Superior Court has been set for
April 28th at l 2 o'clock p. m.. in Department
0; any person may appear In Court on that
' day and overbid. the purchasers: the. highest
bidder, . If the price Is satisfactory to the
! • Court, will secure the property. , For other
-property of the estate for sale same day see
"Country Real Estate" and "City Real Es-
i tate" columns of this paper.. For all Infor-
mation apply to ¦ ¦¦¦¦•.¦ '¦¦•- •
. '. McGLYNN & MENTON.
Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers, Room
,22. Chronicle building. v ...¦¦¦
COMPANIES Incorporated and financed; stocks
and bonds sold; good projects wanted; lnves- ,
tisate our underwriting guarantee plan; write
us. Pac. States Mlnlng&Invest. Co., 326 Post
* ; ; - '':¦¦'¦. FLATS TO LET. . : ' ¦ : .'
PINE, 2132 — 6 rooms, bath; all modern; large
back yard; fine basement. Owner. 2134 Pine.
UPPER corner flat. 6 rooms and bath; $25.
¦ Corner. Post and .Baker sts.' .
LOWER flat; 3' choice, sunny rooms; pantry,
storeroom; $12. 2419 Clay st. near Flllmore. !
SMALL 3-room flat on Hyde-st. car line; grate
and- gas; $15. 1233 Vallejo st. : v
SUNNY .bay window flat: 3 rooms; bath, gas;
suitable, for two. Key B24 Fell' st. .
TURK, 624%— Sunny flat of 3 rooms; furnished
'for housekeeping; rent $13. ¦ . -j-
NEAR new City. Hall; flat, 5 rooms and bath.
6% Grove 1 st f . . ~. " ' • •
FLATS TO LET— FURNISHED.
NICELY furnished flat of 6 large sunny. rooms
and bath 1 for summer. Box 1455. Call office;
; tel. Blue 802. . ¦ . - . ¦ . - - ¦ ' .' "¦.,
Furnished flat. 7 rms., bath; Devisadero, near
Sacramento. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgmry.
DESIRABLE newly furnished modern flat of 6 i
rooms to let for the summer. 2659 Steiner.
GOLDEN GATE, 11517— 4 rms.:, bath ;gas range;
garden; $25; lower flat. 2 rms.. $12 50; 1 to 4.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one yea~ for JL j
postage paid. ¦ .' ¦ ¦'¦• ' !
FURNITURE FOR SALE. .
4 ROOMS furnished in oak, $48 50. with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
BIG price paid for furniture for 60 days; special
reasons. S. J. WAUGH. r. 415. Examiner big.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission st. pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
¦ —-————- '
!
D. & F. BLACK suede gloves; best In the world;
warranted: kept In repair. 121 Grant ave.
HELP WASTED— FEMALE. ~
AT " "cT "rY HANSEN & CO.'S. .. . '. .429 Bush st
... .. HOTEL DEPARTMENT
1 Waitresses, springs, summer resorts, city,
country and commercial hotels, $20, $30;
chambermaids, city and country hotels, $18.
$20; chambermaids to wait, city and country
j hotels, $20; cooks: laundresses; fancy Iron-
' ers, city hotels, $30 and board. ..............
FAMILY DEPARTMENT .........
j Houseglrl and tend' baby, city. $25; cook.
country, $25; Woman with a" child old enough
to go to. school, $15; others, city and country,
f" for cooks, houseglrls. nursegirls, second girls.
' C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 429 Bush st
; (Opposite California Hotel.) ¦ ¦ "-
WANTED — We .have some splendid places for
I second girls in American families at $20 and
I $25 per month for city and country; we also
want nurses, waitresses, cooks and housework
¦ girls, for city and country- at good wages;
call and see us for situations; as ¦ we have
too. many to advertise In detail. ' J. F.
CROSETT & CO.. 334 Sutter st.
A— -HEAD . waitress, water, resort. $35, fare
• paid, see party here to-day. MRS. ¦• M. E.
DAY, 335 Geary st
TWO waitresses, near city, $25; waitress, com-
mercial dining-room, $22 50, fare paid. MRS.
¦> M. E. DAY, 335 Geary st.
A — NURSE to take charge one baby, $20. MRS
, M.' E. DAY, 335 Geary st... ' . •
MAN and wife for ranch, $40 to $45. MRS. M
E. DAY. 335. Geary st. .,,, ;
NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY TO LEARN
HOW TO SEW OVERALLS; WE JTEACH |
YOU FREE OF CHARGE AND PAY WHILE'
LEARNING ; STEADY WORK ; GOOD PAY.
LEVI- STRAUSS & CO., 32% ; FREMONT
ST.; MR. , DAVIS. .
WOMAN general housework; 2 adults; sleep
heme; near Plneand Devisadero; $10. Box
'. 1433, Call office.
EXPERIENCED dining-room girl; private
boarding-house; wages $18. . Apply 1714 Van
Ness ave.- ¦ ¦ ¦ •' . -. . ' . • . '. f
GIRL to do . light : housework . and care for
child. 2406 Harrison st. ' ¦
WANTED — Young lady for • store. MAS-
KEY'S, 32. Kearny st. : '
EXPERIENCED wrapper and cashier. Box
1150, Call office." ,
GIRL for" llght\ housekeeping; small family.
Call 1243 McAllister st. ,».,..-. ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ »
WANTED — A young ~ girl to assist in house-'
. work. 1008 Harrison st. / ¦ '¦ ¦ . ,• ;
YOUNG lady compositor; $8 week; steady. Call
Sundey f 10 to- 12, ,516 Commercial st.
GIRLS ABOUT. 16 YEARS OF AGE WILL
FIND PLENTY OF GOOD-PAYING WORK.
LEVI STRAUSS ;& CO., 32% FREMONT
•1ST.; MR. DAVIS. , ; . ; .. ' "
WANTED — 5 girls to learn hairdressing, mani-
curing, massage and hair work; only 2 weeks
a required; bring ad; costs only $3 50; 3 posi-
tions waiting;, private customers assure $50
to $75 per month; -day and evening clans.
College, ¦ 233 Geary . st: ; room* 13-15. .. .
OPERATORS and girls to learn.' Standard
Shirt Factory, corner Gough and -Grove sts.
Hairdressing, massage, manicuring, bleaching,
dyeing, switches, etc. ; 2 wks.,$5. College.1236
Market. . rm. 04: splendid position; day, eve.
EXPERIENCED * operators on < ladles' under-
wear. -, C56 Mission St., third, floor. ¦ :
EXPERIENCED 'operators on-; ladles" over-
skirts; good pay. , 656 Mission st., third floor.
EXPERIENCED operators on! ladles' waists;
•good pay. : 656 Mission st, third: floor.: .: ; •
UX PERIENCED ' ironer. , 656 Mission st. , j third
;;«floor. : : ;: ! :">'..; ; ¦ ¦.- ' .'':;" ; .;¦.. ¦' '¦.'.";'
PA NTS operators wanted ' by S. ¦ N. 5 WOOD &
CO. f. Apply, at factory, 27 .Geary Bt. ;'
PANTS finishers wanted by. S. j N." WOOD jj &
-CO.'. 'Applyjat factory,' 27- Geary sf ¦¦•"¦•¦ ,.* '
GOOD operator, on -pants;., steady, -work. 36
: ' Geary- st.", ..:;'.¦.- .-/' "¦ ' ; . '¦'"¦' ¦. ¦ T > ¦
WANTED— A. lady piano player for road show.
:., MOORE,- 697.. Ellis St. . •*. '..I ; r." C '¦**;<¦
WANTED — First-class waitress; ¦ $8 a week.
1 Breuss Ca/e. ,7'.l Third st r r . •'. ¦ 1
EXPERIENCED operators on custom and stock
ehlrts. ROGERSON'S, ¦ 535 Valencia st ,- 1
GIRL, to take care of baby 9 months old, $8 to
; $10; -good home. ' 2009 Mission st.'v •¦. ¦¦
APPRENTICES to j learn ¦ tailoring; paid while
i . learning.",.-. 541^ Market, st. ¦:> v M :¦¦¦",,..¦ •.
FIRST-CLASS operator on. pants;, steady em-'
j ' ployment. :. 541 ; ; Market >, st. ¦ ., ¦ ¦; :
,WANTEDr-Experlenced 'rhlrtmakers. EAG-
t LESON& CO.;, 535 Market st. ,.,--: 1< ! "i -.-•¦
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
?: received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st. .
'A , BRANCH I office : for Call advertisements and
;; subscriptions - has been- established - at* 1096
u ;Valen'cla' st. :.-"•.-¦. y." : .. ; .; •*
LOST AND FOUND — Con tinned.
LOST — $10 reward for return of pointer dog to
2509 Pacific ave. ;' answers to. name Ray. 11-
cense 2S62. . ¦ -
IT will pay to "Remember", that the Califor-
nia Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter st. needs old
gold and silver to make new watch cases.
MATRI3IONIAL.
MARRIAGE bureau: est 1887: reliable and
confidential : llsta 10c - Mrs. Herta. 706 Ellia.
MATTRESSES AXD PILLOWS.
TO order; also cleaned and sterilized; uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS.. 411 to 415 Powell
St.; tel. Bush 421.
Brass iron beds: mattresses; pillows: window
shades. J. F. Hotter,712 Mission :tel.Maln 730.
MEDICAL.
A— DR O'DONNELL. world-renowned special-
ist. Ladles, all who are sick or i» trouble.
consult the specialist on female complaints;
menstrual female complaints positively cor-
rected; the unfortunate helped; relief in all
ceses taken; the most difficult cases treated;
have relieved thousands of most obstinate
cases- free, confidential advice on all subjects
of a delicate nature. ¦ Dr. G. W. O'DON-
, NELL, office & residence. 1013 Mkt; op. 5th.
MRS D. WYETH — Well-known reliable ladies*
specialist; Instant relief guaranteed; home in
confinement; hours 9 to 5 and 1 to 8. Re-
moved to 1008% Market st. opposite Bth st,
MRS T> KOHL — Well-known ladles' special-
ist" 30 years' experience, removed to lOCS^
Market st. opp. 5th; hours 9 to 5 and 7 to 8.
MRS. SWEET, 600 Guerrero St., near 13th —
Graduate of Royal University, Berlin; has 25
years* experience in midwifery cases; takes
ladles before and during confinement: best
motherly care; Infants adopted; confinements
1 $15; room and board $5 week: consult me be-
fore going elsewhere. Phone Blue 41L ,
DR. AND MRS. DAVTES and HINDOHERB
original method of treatment. Moved from
1228 to 1123 Market St. ¦•
MRS. DR. GOODWIN, ladles' reliable §peclal-
ist; maternity hospital: home for Infants free;
fee low. 906 Market st. opp. Emporium.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market — Reliable ladles'
specialist: a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
LADIES^ — Kumrond is safe & sure; never fails;
price $2. Gleason's drug store.Clay A Kearny.
DR ROSEN,. 1007% Market st., nr. Sixth.
treats ladies only; relief in all cases taken.
DR. NG TOY KEE. 210 Stockton st, opposite
Union Square; all diseases cured by herba.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2<J-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
NEW and sejond-hand boilers, engines. ' pumps,
dynamos, water pipe, fittings, etc.. bought,
sold and exchanged. H. S. WHITE. 130-133
Beale st -
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers. ' water pipes, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear St.
BAR fixtures; big stock; installments: billiard
and pool tables; easy terms or rented.- Th»
Brnnswlck-Balke-Collender Co.. «S2 Mission.
SEALSKIN of finest quality; same as new;
bust 36; party going East; cost $225; will sell
for $100. Address box 1559. Call office.
FOR sale at 600 block. Battery, near Pacific—
Second-hand bricks, any quantity,' at low
figure; parties ~ms£ call at once.
WANTED— To sell good collection of postage
stamps, containing rare Australians and
other British colonials. G. Felix,. 418 Sutter.
A — $3 50 Derby and Fedora haxs. $1 75. Popular
Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st, near Pine.
FINE SUITS $10; dress pants, $2 73. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery et.
FINE Persian rug finest condition. 3H by 6,
for $15; cost $38. Box 4993, Call office.
FREE sand at 1004 Pine st.
FOR sale — $10; good barber chair and rest. 913
Capp st
NEW beer pump for sale; q&eap. Inquire 1697
Folsom st.
GASOLINE engine: burns cheaper oils; ftrst-
cla*s every particular. Box 4368, Call office.
$5— NEW Home; good condition' 1571 Market.
near Twelfth: teL Howard 3C83. ".
FOR SALE at a bargain, a first-clas-j harness
shop. B. MAART. Valley Ford. Cal.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters (all
makes). ALEXANDER & CO.. lit) Montg'y.
Edison phonographs, records supplies moving
picture machines, films. Baclgalupi. 933 Mkt.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2-hand
¦and launches. J. E.- EOAK.-48- Frea xat- »t. -
BOATS, launches, rowboats carried in stock.
TAKER & HAMILTON.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
FOR second-hand m.'tchinery, engines and boiler j
go to D.J.McMast°r3.SE. cor. 2nd & Brannan.
1ST-CLASS 2d-hand modern engines &. boilers
bought, sold. Krogh Mfg. Co.. 519 Market st
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pic-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st,
ENGINES and boilers: second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE. 139 Beale st ¦• -
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
BIG prices paid for sealskin coats; also gents*
fall dress and Tuxedo suits. Portland Loan
Office. 25 Stockton st; phone Bush 4S4.
I WILL pay good cash prices for old sealskins;
send postal; will call. Box 4960. Call office.
PRIVATE party wants a few nice diamonds;
small or larie. Box 1443. Call. . :
RELIABLE party wants a few nice «**»¦— ¦«««<¦;
small or large. Box 14-13. Call.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 8th St.; teL Jessie 2S31.
Wanted — 2d-hand electric motors, all sixes, any
condition. FarnsworthEIectrtcalWks..413Turk.
MO.\EY TO LOAN.
A— HERMAN~MURPHY, 601-602 Examlne/bl_
$4,500,000 at Lowest Rates ...4
; On First and Second Mortgages..... «
........On Life Interests in Estates........
Property Being Held in Trust.. ....„
.....Undivided Interests In Real Estate......
Life Insurance Policies; Estates in Probate.
Financial Problems of all sorts and sized.
IF YOUNEED MONEY... «
See HERMAN MURPHY. 601-602 Examiner.
ANY AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT.
First, second and third mortgages
Undivided Interest in real estate in probate. «
Mortgages and legacies bought; no delay... «
Get my terms before doing business elsewhera
.j R. McCOLQAN .,
....24 Montgomery st. room 3.........
AA — MANHATTAN LOAN CO. OncT)I
$300,000 at 5V» and 6 per cent in sums to suit;
City, Oakland. Town and Country Property;
second mortgages, life Insurance and securi-
ties: loans on unsettled estates,' undivided in-
terests in real estate and legacies; will pur-
chase above securities. MANHATTAN LOAN
CO.. CROCKER BUILDING.- ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦
ANY proposition. .any amount; 6 per cent: first,
second and third mortgages, estates lit pro-
¦ bate, interest in estates, legacies, undivided
interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile Interests, corporation loans. Rooms 10.
1st floor. Chronicle big. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
MUNICIPAL Loan Office, 103 Grant ave., near
Geary Bt: phone Red 1603.
HIGHLY respectable prtvat-r place to cbtaia
liberal advances on diamonds, . Jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 840
Market st. : tel. Main 1644. Branch 10 Thlrtl.
ON real estate. 1st or 2nd mortgages and on fur-,
nlture or pianos: no removal; any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER.' 36 Geary st.. room 36.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos; no removal;
lowest rate;- private/ confidential.- ORMSBTC,
26 Montgomery st.. room 7. opp. Lick Houae.
A PRIVATE party loans any amount on furni-
ture, planes: no removal; low rates; confldan-
tlal. WHITEHEAD (Wilson's). 1710 Market.
S. F. DISCOUNT AGENCY— Loans to salaried
. people on their note.
THE TOUSLEY CO... 143 Phelan bldg.
On furniture, pianos: no removal; money quick:
lowest Interest: easy terms; no brokerage; re-
liable party. 1170 Market st. room 68. ¦
LOWEST rates- on furniture, etc.. by prtvat*
party; no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
ELFVING. 616 Examiner big.; loans on pianos,
furniture, etc.. at 2 per cent without removal-
no brokerage charged; confidential; open eves.
$10 UP on furniture, pianos; no com. -private
party. St. Ann's bldg. . 6 Etldy. r. 104, 5th fir.
3% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; nc removal
Phone Black 17C0. room SI. 6 Eddy, floor 4!
Money loaned salaried people without security
HILL, r. 44. Merchants* Exc. 431 California!
O. A. LANE. Mills building, will loan sums to
suit; Interest low; alao easy payment loans.
°^^> er cent on * urnltn re: *3 a month on each
11000; any security. 302 Montgomery st. r. 1.
CASH loaned salar'.e.J" people on note without
Indorser. MORRELL. COO Examiner bldg.
ON furniture, pianos: lowest rats: no removal;
strictly private. LICK. 116 McAllister st,
IF you want a home I will loan yoa money to
buy It A. E. RUDELL. 222 Sanaome st
LOANS money on salary: no. Indorser; Eastera
.' P lan - Western Loan 1 Co.. 309 Phelan bids.
_^HELP_WANT]BT^MALE---Con.
AT C. R., HANSEN & CO.'S.. . . ...429 Bush st
........ NEW RAILROAD WORKv . - . ...
Free fare .... Free rare
FOR • NEVADA
2066' teamsters and laborers.. $2 to $2 25 day
100 concrete laborers •'••'^\'^v
....... FOR CHATSWORTH PARK
• 500 tunnelmen, drillers, headers and muck-
ers for, 3 new. tunnels, dry. as a room. $- w»
500 outside* "laborers, same place.. $1 75 a day
Free fare Free- fare 8
SHIP TO-DAY, SUNDAY AND MONDAY.
I 50 laborers city and country, $2 a day; $20
farmers and milkers. $30 to *35: 10 choremen
for different ranches, $30 and $25; gardener,
country. $30, see party here; coachman, city,
$35 and found; 10 stablemen, city and coun-
try. $30 and $25; engineer to run air com-
pressor, railroad tunnel; $30 and found, free
fare; carpenter for railroad tunnel. $2 50 a
day and board, free fare *
HOTEL DEPARTMENT .........
Head waiter who speaks languages. $«5;
bread baker, country, $50; second cooks, iry-
. ers and broilers, $40 to $70; 20 kitchen tfcnds,
dishwashers and others, $20 to $30; bookkeep-
er experienced In sash and door business. $50.
Male entrance 12 Berry place. • -
C. R. HANSEN & CO. .....429 Bush sf
HELP for the New Department Store to be
opened about Sept 1 in the Murphy build-
ing, formerly occupied by J. J. O'Brien &
Co. Applications will be considered by the
management of the new store for positions
as heads of departments and subordinates,
sales people, head bookkeeper, manager of
advertising dept. manager mail. order dept
and head porter. : . . ¦ .
- Applications for these positions can be
made In person or by writing. No applica-
tion will be considered of other than experi-
enced and well recommended applicants.
. Address all communications to or apply in
person - between the ' hours of 10 and 12 a. m.
and 1:30 and 3 p. m., at room 439, Parrott
bldg. H. GOLDWATER. -'
WANTED— Man with $150 for cigar stand; $70
month; no experience. BROWN, , 1221 Mar-
ket st. .. --- . • ¦: -..--.
WANTED— Reliable young man for plain work,
. with established firm, $15 to $17 week; per-
manent place; must have some cash.
BROWN & CO.. 1221 Market St.. upstairs.
WANTED— An up-to-date advertiser: one who
can carry on a campaign successfully ana
be able to write ad3 for special sales: East-
ern man preferred; state age and salary ex-
pected. * Box 1477, Call office.
YOUNG men and boys to work on telescopa
case3. Cor. Seventeenth and Shotwell sts.,
trunk factory- ' ,
PARTNER wanted; light business: $150 cash;
good chance for young man. 40 Ellis, rm. 13.
YOUNG man: good position and steady. 63S
Washington st. ¦¦ '
GOOD barber wanted at 1305 Park st, oppo-
, site Park Hotel, Alameda.
PAINTERS PAINTERS
Carriage painters wanted at O'BRIEN &
SONS', Polk st. and Golden Gate ave.
WANTED — A few energetic, intelligent gentle-
men to present an attractive, first-class finan-
cial proposition; successful candidates earn
$100 to $300 mo.; salary and liberal commis-
sion paid. Apply T. W. Griffin, dally from 2
. to 4 p. m., ex. Sun., St. Nicholas Hotel, room
237. 1606 Market st. - -> .
WANTED — Recruits for the marine corps, U.
S. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than 5 feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet 1
j inch ; able to' speak and read English. For
further information apply at the Recruiting
Office. 40 Ellla St.. San Francisco.
WANTED — One first-class carriage blacksmith,
: 2 blacksmith finishers and 1 first-class body-
maker. . Inquire, stating experience, of A.
MEISTER & SONS CO.. Sacramento. Cal.
MEN to learn barber trade; barbers in de-
mand; only requires 8 weeks; tools donated;
catalogue free. MOLER'S BARBER COL-
LEQE. 635 Clay st.
WANTED — Laborers . and . mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
COATMAKERS: steady work; good pay.
BELASCO & HARRIS CO.. 541 Market st
COATMAKER and bushelman for country.
Apply REISS BROS. & CO.. 24 Sutter st.
PRESSER on coats; steady work; good pay.
541 Market st. - -
FIRST-CLASS tailors; good pay; steady em-
ployment 541 Market st.
FIRST-CLASS operator on pants; steady em-
ployment. 541 Market st
COATMAKERS; good pay; steady employment
541 Market st. ¦ •
YOUNG. man to do Janitor work for his tui-
tion. 'S. F. Barber College. 741A Howard.
PENSION and extra pay. Write SHERWOOD,
624 Markt.; past com. .Wattrous PostG.A.R.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Europe and
Australia. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. 563 Mission st. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
PENSION atty., E. A. Bullis, room 40. Phelan
blgr-Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G.A.R.
500 MEN to buy new and 2d -hand army shoes,
50c up: soling 20c up. 923 Howard St.. nr. 5th.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged^ half
price. 563 Mission st. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st, near Mar-
ket — 200 rooms, : 25c night; ' reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH, of flee for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. '
- . HORSES AND WAGONS.
JUST arrived — 20 fine work, driving and sad-
dle horses. 'weighing from 1200 to 1600; well-
matched teams, thoroughly broken: come and
see them at Occidental Horse Exchange. 216
Third st. WM. Q. LAYNG. proprietor.- v
A LOT of horses for sale at Arcade Horse Mar-
ket. 327 Sixth st; also buggies, wagons, har-
ness, etc. ; auction sales every Wednesday at
. 11 a. m. JOHN J. DOYLE, Auctioneer.
FOR Sale — One good business , horse : - stands
without' hitching: about 1100 pounds; price
$85. At ROBERTS'. 1615 Market st
FOR sale. Santa Rosa ealesyard — Just arrived,
, several fine . road and business horses, new
buggies and harness. 1499 Market, cor. 11th.
San ' Francisco Veterinary"' College. Fourth ses-
- slon begins June 9. Catalogues by applying to
M. L. PANCOAST. Sec. 510 Golden Gate ave.
WILL purchase good work horses . weighing
1250 to 1400. Apply 26 Montgomery, room 14.
FOR sale — Handsome ¦ cart, seating 4. Box
4076. Call office.
Largest stock 2d-hand wagons, buckboard. sur-
rey, harness, work, driving horses. lSth&Valecnia.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single; also light
camping wagon for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
HOUSES TOILET. /
A — PRINTED list houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.'. 14 Montgomery.
COTTAGE six rooms; 9 Ewer ' place, off Ma-
, son. between Clay and Sacramento, j Apply
10 Ewer place. ¦ r . ¦
.HOUSES TO LET FURNISHED.
MODERN house 7 rooms, completely and hand-
somely furnished; near Presidio; healthy and
. pretty location; $42 60; take Sacramento cr
California st. car. -37 Seventh ave. ¦
HOUSES WANTED. ~ ~~
W ANTED — By a couple with no children house
of 5 or 6 rooms and bath with small barn.
* : Telephone John 2196. -
HALLS TO^ LET.
FOR rent — Teutonla Hall. 1332 Howard St.. bet.
9th and 10th, for a term of years; barroom.'
: large and small halls and all fixtures connect-
ed therewith; . For particulars • address F
HAGEMANN. Albany Brewery, 409 Eighth.
INVEST3IENTS.
THE Investors' Agency, ! 137 Montgomery it.
8. P. Call or^wrlte for particulars. - '
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST — April 20. . pearl brooch with garnet, on
the way from San Francisco to Frultvale
,v Liberal reward if returned to 4145 Nineteenth
' st. San Francisco. '. |
LCST-i-Lady's satchel, black, with' handle on
Third st. or Folsom toward Fifth, containing
C a purse with $270 in gold. Finder please re-
turn U» 1119^ Ellis st.; liberal reward. ;
LO A ST^ el i.i f las^,, at , " OaWan <J racetrack.
April Zo. Finder will please return > to Judges"
stand and receive $10 reward, or Inquire
at Call , of flee. - ¦- ,
BLUE enameled pin. 5 rows pearls, diamond In
center; keepsake. Return to 114 Sacramento
St.. receive reward. ' ¦
LOST—A Roman' gold medal ion set with pearls
bet • Polk and Market eta. Return to 45U
Polk st. ; reward, v . . *".....—.
LOST — Cocker spaniel- pup: l black. 7 Return to
J.O' KANE. 20 Golden: Gate ave. ;: reward.
LOST— A small gray mare. Return 182S Fell st.
or J. O'Shea, 17th and Vermont, receive re-
'.ward.. .
LOST— Near 25th » and , Shotwell. * Scotch ¦ collie
dog: tag No. 4368. Reward at 259 Precita. ave.
LOST— April 23. sliver spectacles, near Fourth
and ¦ Folsom ;¦ reward. '¦ 718 • Folsom st' ••
FOUND— A setter dog at' IS, Market «t, '
SAN FRAXCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Ca!l. corner of Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
S00 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
C33 McAllister stre/t; open until 9:30 p. m.
315 Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
1911 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
2261 Market etreet corner Sixteenth; open
until !) p. — 1.
106 Eleventh Etreet; open until 9 p..m. .
103C Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest . corner Twenty-secoiyl and Ken-
tucky streets: open until 9 p. m.
2200 Flllmore street: open until 9 p. m.
CUlRCIl SERVICES.
FIRST United Presbyterian Church, corner
Golden Gate ave. and Polk st.— preaching to-
morrow at 11 a. m. and 7 p. m.. by the pas-
tor H H. Bell. D.D.; morning theme. "The
Painless Home": evening theme, 4 The Young
Man and His Fellows." second in evening
eeries to voung people: come. Sabbath-
school at 9:45 a. m. Christian Endeavor
•societies at 5:30 and 6:30 p. m. Strangers
cordially Invited to all services. Pews free.
Courteous ushers. Come and bring your
friends. _______
MEETING NOTICES.
FIDELITY Lodse No. 120. F. & A. M. - m
— Special meeting THIS (SATURDAY) -JV,
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. Third De- TLj\
gree. Master Masons cordially Invited. *,~ 7
By order of the W. M.
FREDERICK BARRY. Secretary.
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144. F. & A. M. ¦
—Third degree THIS (SATURDAY) -#%-
EVENING, at 8 o'clock. /W>
A. S. HUBBARD. Secy. '?'
DORIC Lodge No. 216. F. & A. M. — •
Bpeclal meetln* THIS (SATURDAY)
AFTERNOON at 2 o'clock. Third de- T%J\
gree. Master Masons are cordially in- / ? '
vlted. By order of the Master.-
J. R. GOLDSMITH, Secy.
EXCELSIOR Degree Lodge No.
2IOO. F. — Regular meeting
THIS (SATURDAY) EVENING.
First degree. _ cpRT __ p
MAGNOLIA Lodge No. 29. I. O. .<>-_£&__{.
O. F.— Funeral detail assemble in 5#55SSSSi
our lodgeroom TO-MORROW
(SUNDAY). ADril 27. at 1:45 p. ™*'
m.. to attend the funeral of our late brother.
WM. H. LITTLE.
SAMUEL POLACK. Secretary.
FIDELITY Lodge No. 222. I. O. O. .^«Kj_>
F. — Members will assemble in af_jI?Sc
their hall SUNDAY. April 27.
at 2 p. m., to attend the funeral #/llvx
of our late brother. JAMES LARSON.
C. L. ZIEGLER. N. G.
SLAVONIC I. M. B. Society — •_«i5^" > -».
Officers and members : You f 'KKS^*^\
are hereby requested to as- f*^ _g~ff^ _\
eeiuble at our hall. Alcazar I. C**^^r<_JgI 1
bldg.. 120 O'Farrell et.. SUN- UP a «%s_§^«2f
DAY. April 27, at 8 p. m. \G 1 a
sharp, to participate in the - p^*^
parade for our picnic; if the cars are not
running take the bus or walk and bring all
your friends with you; don't mi££ this pic-
nic, ac a good time is assured for everybody.
THE COMMITTEE.
GRANDEST excursion of the season
will take place at Fernbrook Park, STSjc^
Niles Canyon, on SUNDAY. May 4, ffDwfcr
under the auspices of the Austrian rt^2i3
Military and Benevolent Association.
A tombola of 100 cash prices will be drawn
A good time is assured. THE COMMITTEE.
THE 39th annual picnic of the St v «T^,
Andrew's Society of San Francisco ?V, SilJ
will take place at Fairfax Park on "<kx£c
SATURDAY. May 3. 1902; games
dancing; a good time is assured. -
JAMES ROLPH JR., President
NOTICE is hereby riven that the trolley ride
to be given by Golden Gate Circle. W. O. W.,
on SATURDAY EVENING. April 26, has
been postponed. Due notice of when It takes
1 place will be printed In the columns of this
paper.
AGENTS WANTED.
AGENTS — $10 dally, introducing our Brilliant
Gaslight Burners; families, business houses,
banks, churches, private & public buildings
buy at sight; these burners are what the peo-
ple are looking for; they do not require a
chimney(to break)or wick to trim, tc make no
emcke and dirt; fit any coal oil lamp without
expense or trouble, tt produce best cheapest
tc cleanest lig-ht; it is a great money maker
for agents: 200 per cent profit: write at once
ft get to work right away; sample free. En-
terprise Mfg. Co.. B. 8S7. Cincinnati. Ohio. ¦
THERE Is but one authentic life of Dr. Tal-
tnage,- and that is by his son and Rev. Mr.
Banks. D.D. Over 100 exclusive illustrations.
Best book. Best terms to agents. Outfit 15c.
Address Occidental Publishing Co., Oakland,
LIVE agents wanted to sell city and county
rights for a new household article; $250 per
month assured. Apply between 10 and 12
o'clock at 530 California st. room 16.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
H. W. KING. atty.. Examiner building room
613; all cases; damages, estates, wills, mort-
gages, partnerships, attachments collections
etc; legal papers drawn; consultation free;
Bo advance charges; open eve's; call or write.
ADVICE free: divorces a specialty ;qulck;qulet-
no charge without success; established 16 yrs
G. W. HOWE. 650 Market ft., cor. Stockton!
ADVICE fr*; open every evening; low fees;
all cases. J. M. THURSTON. 819 Market st.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Mar-
kct Kt; consultation free; no fees in advance.,
BICYCLES — For Sale or Exchange.
ALLEN has some swell bicycles cheap, dirt
cheap. Call and see for yourself; repairing.
301 Larkin st. and 305 Market st
BIRDS, DOGS. ETC.
WARBLING canaries and all kinds of song,
talking and fancy birds; gold fish, pet stock,
cages, globes, aquariums; bird and animal
food of all kinds. 1546 Market st.bet.8th&9th.
BOOKS NEW AND OLD. ~~~
BOOKS of all kinds bought; libraries purchased.
H. C. Holmes. 1149 Market; tel. Howard 1940.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— $1100; COR. grocery and bar. with "'living
rooms and bath, in best location of the Mis-
A— $1500; SALOON, few doers from Market
et; first-class paying; established years;
rent $45; elegant fixtures; large stock. Call
R. G. WILKE. 26% KeaiW st
A— $4200; DAIRY produce, delicatessen and ta-
mal« depot^ clearing $400 per month; rent
J130; no better Investment in any kind of
business. Call R. G. WILKE, 26Vfe Kearny.
A— $650; SALOON with 7 furnished rooms; rent
$40; place first-class paylnp; surrounded by
railroad fhops. planing mills and lumber
)ards. Call R. G. WILKE, 26^ Kearny Vt
A— DELICATESSEN and fancy grocery in
choicest location of this city; established
many years; large trade; big profits; stock
Invoices about $3500; price $4000; rent $20
Call R. G. WILKE. 26H Kearny st
WHY draw 3 per cent a year irom bank? '
vie average nearly 6 per cent every week.
Years dolcg business and never a loss.
Over 2000 investors here in this city.
Dividends paid every Monday at our office.
You can draw money at any time
Guarantee larger profits than any other firm.
We accept Investments of $10 up
Write or call for Interesting literature.
American Co-operative Association
Suite 615, Emma b'preckels building
Treasurer's department open evening. 7-8.
$500— RESTAURANT on Market; must be sold-
bargain. A. STENBERG. 759 Market st. '
A $S50
RESTAURANT " "
Must be sold at once: rent only $30. For saie
only by A. 6TENBERO. 759 Market st
WE have lodslng-honses. stores restaurants
laundries, saloons, hotels, cigar stands and
many other business chances for sale; also
. city and country real estate .for sale or
exchange. Call or write for our free list
HEALY & CARR. 927 Market st. room 2osl
$300 — PARTNER wanted in light business-
suited to plain, steady man satisfied with $18
to $25 a week; no experience required; no
niirht or Sunday work: trial given before you
buy. 25 Geary et, room 4. , 3 ;
RESTAURANT— Daily average $18; good fix-
tures; worth $400; must be sold on Monday;
make offer. .
G. W. SCHWEINHARD.
ii!7 Market st. (upstairs), bet. 5th and 6th.
A— $200— PARTNER; ll_ht day. office work-
experience unnecessary; earn $75 monthly
6TRAXD. SCO Kearny st y
A— 30 CIGAR stands; prices. $75 to $2000:
rrnts $6 to $125 monthly; profits $2 to $7
dally. HEDGES. 4Cl-4€2 Parrott building.
A STATIONERY store;. 11 picture machines
and $75 phonograph; clearing $80 per month-
price $175; this is a snap. . 236% East st. '
$4OO0 — SACRIFICE, account Illness; first-class
country hotel. Owner, box 1445, Call office.
(9000 — FINE grocery and saloon for sale: at
terminus of car line: with house and 4 lots;
reasonable to right party. Box 4818. Call.
FOR sale, cheap — -Good paying milk business;
owner obliged to -leave city. Box 1420, Call.
OUTSIDE route this paperl Address box 4936,
, Call office. --. . ¦¦.¦¦¦--.;.
PLUMBING shop for eale, cheap; good locality.
less Dertsadero st
j ; HELP WAJiTED— MALE.
¦ A— MURRAY & READY.... Phone Main 5848
: ..Leading Employment and >Labor Agents..
.(*J4-63ti Clay Street. ..............
...'.»..'..:.¦... Office Open-7 a.m.'.: .;....'....
• . . . . . . . . . . . . .1759 Railroad Men. ....:. .... . . .
Santa Fe.......S. P. R. R. .C. P. R..R.
.... ... . ..SANTA FE RAILROAD. .........
...... . . ; ISANTA FE RAILROAD V. ...
• .'.."*. .'....''. .Company's Own Work.....'!.....
....;...:..;. Santa 1 Fe Railroad ....". ; .......
150 laborers to work on .the Santa Fe system,
. ¦¦in section, steel, extra and : ballast gangs.
" wages $1 75 day,;free fare.....
. . ....... . Ship Dally ;
Morning.. 'Free Fare .'..Night
. .". .-. FOR NEVADA . .'. . . .. : . :
275 teamsters, free fare.... $2-25 day
100 drillers. Nevada ..........:.... .$2 50
175 laborers. $2 day... 175 rockmen, $2 50 day
............Ship Morn and Night
..'......... Free Fare. .*."..'.
Blacksmiths Carpenters
10 carpenters, city job, 8 hours $3 60 day
... .. . MECHANICAL HELP
. Blacksmith, j country j shop, $45 and I found ;
blacksmith, wagon and carriage work, city
Job; 14 other, blacksmiths; shingle saw flier,
• * country mill, $75 and found; 3. shingle pack-
ers;' pattern-maker; 2 painters; 3 -bench
hands, $3 day; frame maker, plahlng-mlll;
, wagon-maker, camp, $3 day; carriage paint-
er's helper; wood turner, city mill; 2 brick
? molders. mining ¦* company ; > 3 ' kiln burners,
$2 50 a day: lathers and plasterers; laborers.
t y ......New Work:........ ...Long Jobs . .
¦ 25 teamsters ..../...... $60
30 laborers......? .$60, fare 25c
. ......QUARRIES AND MINES, ETC
' 5 laborers, no experience required, mine, $60 ;
10 laborers, surface work around mine, $42
and found; 15 laborers for quarry, $60; 8 la-
- borers, quarry, $42 and found; 35 Italians to
do laboring work near city, $2 day; 6 labor-
ers, near city, $34 and found ; 10 laborers,
: factory;, 175 men for other laboring Jobs....
...........FARMS, DAIRIES, ETC... ..."
47. farm hands, steady Jobs, on fruit and
other farms, »20 to $35 and found; 5 ranch
1 teamsters. >60 and found; 5" scraper, team-
sters, -ranch, $26 and found; 13- choremen for
¦farms and private places; 15 choreboys, $15
' to $30 an* found ; 5 cheesemakers, $35 and
. found ; , a butter- makers, $35 and found ; • 35
; \ milkers, $30 to $40 and found;- stableman;
h country stable, $30 and found; man and wife,
' run ranch on shares, see boss here; buggy
washer, city stable, $60; 4 stablemen, city
and country; bakery wagon driver: middle-
aged man to. care for 3 horses and drive a
. little; 35 woodchoppers, $20; .tiemakers; 17
post and picket makers; farmer and wife, $35.
SAWMILL AND WOODS
10 handy men with ax for tie camp, $35 and
found; 15 laborers for sawmill, $30 and found;
6 laborers for woods, $1 fare, $30 and found; |
. 10 swampers, $35; 15 laborers for woods, $35
and found; 5 laborers for sawmill, Santa Cruz
County, $30 and found ; 5 crosscut sawyers,
, $40; 10 tree fellers, $45 and $50 and found;
, 6 Jackscrewers. $40 and found ; 150 laborers
•for other sawmills, . no experience required..
.... Reduced Fares to the Mills
...... .. .HOTEL. LAUNDRY,- ETC
Cook for I ranch, 12 men, $30 and found ; 14
cooks, different places, $30 to $50 and found:
15 waiters, city and 'country. $25 to $40 and
found; 18 dishwashers, city and countryj $15
to $30 and found; laundryman for a small
. Institution. $25 and found; cake- baker, coun-
' try shop, $45; 2 bakers, country shop, bread,
$40 and , found. . For other places call- and
read our bulletin boards.
MURRAY & READY ..634-636 Clay st.
FARMER, and wife, small fruit ranch, $50 and
found; coachman, $40 and found; stableman
I for country, $30 and found; groom. $30 and
I found; farmers, $25. $30 and $35 and found;
I milkers. $30 and found; old man to care for
place; 2 cheese makers. $35 and $40; . wood-
choppers. SOc\to $1 50 cord, and many oth-
ers. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento.
2 MINERS. $2 a day and board; 5 laborers for
mine, $2 .day; 2 laborers for mine, $45 and
board; 3 drillers, $2 25 a' day; carpenters,
$3 50 day; 3 rough carpenters for mill, $60
and $70;. 5 lumber pliers, $60; 10 laborers
about mill, $30 and $35 and found ; circular
sawyer. $2 50 a day; ¦ bench hands; wood
turner; edgerman, $3 day; furnace man for
mine; boy for paint shop, $4 week; carriage
blacksmith, $3 to $3 50 day; blacksmith help-
er and finisher, $2 to $2 25* day; carriage
j maker, $3 to . $3 50 day. and others. J. F.
CROSE1TT & CO.,- 628 Sacramento st.
2 BOARDING-HOUSE cooks, $35 and $40;
I cook's helper, country hotel, $30 to $35; cook
I and wife. $50 and found; steward, country
hotel, $40 and found; assistant • for country
hospital. $30 and found; butler, $45 to $50;
' dishwashers, bellboys and others. J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st'
WANTED — Office errand boy for this office; $3
a week. J. F.' CROSETT & CO.. 334 Sutter.
AT THE CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY. '
5u Third St., phone Bush 405.
, RAILROAD. LABORERS ...
FREE FARE........ ...FREE FARE
100 teamsters, Nevada.... $2 to $2 25 per day
25 rock drillers, laborers.... $2 25 day
50 concrete men.. ......... ....$2 25 per day
SHIP DAILY
FOR LUMBER WOODS.
26 sawmill hands and men for lumber woods,
1 $20 to $05 nionth and board, fare advanced.
20 railroad laborers.. $28 per .mo. and. board
10 laborers. 8 hours ...$1 75 per day
¦ 10 laborers, quarry,- board at home.. $2 day
Gardener, hothouse.. $25 per month and found
Man to feed horses.. $25 per month and found
4 ranch hands ..$1 per day and board
vFOR NEW LOGGING CAMP.'
10 swampers $35 per month and board
3 barkers $40 per month and board
6 Jackscrew men .$40 per month and board
2 chain tenders... .'. .$45 per month and board
3 head fellers. ...... .$50 per month > and board
3 second fellers $45 per month and board
CALIFORNIA EMP. AGENCY. 59 Third st
ANDRE' S. OFFICE . . 316 STOCKTON ST.
Coachman, country, $40; coachman for pri-
vate: place, tend to garden, etc., $35; dish-
/ washer for hotel, ' $25 and.. room; 2 farm
hands, Sonoma County, $25; yardman for re-
sort near city. - $18 and found; elevator boy,
$15; bell boy. $15. etc. . .
A — HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, r. ¦ 12.
Pantry man, $30; bell boy, $15; city waiter.
$30; pantry man, $30, country. ¦ ' .
A WAITER, springs, $25, fare advanced; pan-
tryman, first-class hotel, city, $30. MRS. M.
E. DAY. 335 Geary st. - .
200 LABORERS AT HUNTERS POINT; 7 $2
. PER DAY. , CITY STREET * IMPROVE-
MENT COMPANY." •%
WANTED— For U. 8. army, ablebodled unmar-
" rled men. between ages of 21 and 35; citizens
of United States. -of good character and tem-
¦ perate habits, who can speak, read and write
English. For information apply to Recruit-
Ing Officer. 121 New. Montgomery st. San
Francisco, or. Masonic building, Sacramento.
FOREMAN to take charge of coat factory;
steady work and good salary to right man.
BELASCO & HARRIS CO.. 541 Market st.
OPERATOR on coats. BELASCO & HARRIS
COMPANY. / \ - ;.
WANTED — -An experienced boys' and. chll-
dren's clothing salesman. Apply 7:30 a. m.
' Saturday at S. N. WOOD '& CO.'S. 718 Mar-
¦ ket st. -.'.,
ACTIVE, steady boy, about 15. for Inside and
outside work with wholesale house; good po-
sition for one who is reliable and willing to
work. EASTMAN Kodak Co., 645 Market.
WANTED — A reliable man for a "permanent es-
tablished business; will pay $16 per week; ex-
perience not necessary; must have $125 cash.
. ' Apply 765 Market st.V room 3. '.
OFFICE boy about 15. in wholesale house;. must
1 be graduate grammar school and well recom-
mended; no cigarette smokers. Box 492.8, Call.
AN ' experienced young man for general office
work: must be a- good stenographer; Smith
, Premier .machine.' Address, box 1469. Call. ,
WANTED— Cooks. V waiters, porters, \ kitchen
; help; also window baker; no fee. :¦ 626. Mont-
gomery rSt, room 1. '•' . *: .¦•-.'¦
WANTED — vA.n assistant bookkeeper at $60 a
, month who' will make himself , worth more;
give references. R. E..F., box 1432, Call..-.
AN, elevator boy who lives home; waiter, work-
• lngmen's hotel, $20 and room. Coast Emp.
/.; Co., 602 Taylor st. ,'
WANTED— A good union barber: 70 per cent.
532 Third st,: . . •
WANTED — A good barber for Saturday and
¦ Sunday. 1806 Powell st
WANTED— Good barber for to-day and Sun-
; day; 10c shop; wages $5. Apply 1033 Kearny.
WANTED — Barber : at . 652 Sacramento " st. ;
good wages guaranteed. '•-. ¦ ', '<•• • .
BARBER— Saturday afternoon and- Sunday
, 708 McAllister st. ' -.-' ¦ ¦.'-'¦ . .
BARBER from 12 o'clock Saturday and Sun-
day; $4. 416 Hayes st. . .
BARBER wanted. : 2S9 Seventh st. ;
Bookkeeper familiar with sash and
',." door ' business. r . : Box 1448, Call. •- • \ '
BOY about .15 years old'to dust samples and
¦ make : ftlmself . useful. \ 648 . Mission • st
WOMAN .wants old man to raise chickens. 30
¦ Hannah st , Oakland, ¦ Watts . tract.
WANTEDr-Oyster opener; must be sober
: WILLIAMS', Oyster-house.' 9 Fourth st :
YOUNG man with some experience In butcher
¦•.- business. /; 342 Devlsadero at..- near Oak. , w.
2 EXPERIENCED porters . wanted. Bohemian
:".Club.v,v;: y:. .-¦¦¦; —¦,.¦:•-. -...».->.¦< . s -. ¦ ¦
w c^^ A iI^dv^^ to - work -^T^
WANTED-rGood 'dishwasher at 126 Turk st.'
WANTED— Wagon ..blacksmith. : 637 • Brannan
¦<¦-' street. . -. ¦;¦ ¦ -,;.¦-..-. :...¦: v '-¦ : .'; ; ..¦¦..--
MAN,to work around place.- 1443, Harrison at'
i.u n«ar , Tenth;. Adama'., Hotel:. >,- ..¦-. .'
OFFICE . boy. .' >; 29 ¦ Stockton st.
FIFTY quarrymen. . $2 per day. Apply 9 Sut-
ter st, second floor. 1 . • • '•¦-;..-•FRIDAY, APRIL 25,
ItEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Alfred W. Ileay. to Joseph. W. Reay Jr.. 50
vara. lots 2 and 3, Western. Addition block 5.
on NE comer of McAllister and Polk streets,
N 137 • 0 by E 275; , also lot on SE corner ; of
Van Nees avenue and Turk street, E 109 by . S
Nathan and Sarah Diamond to John Breuner,
lot on S line' of Geary street, 184:7 E of Gough.
E 23:1 by S- 120; $10. • .
Marearetand Dennis Coyne to same, lot on
S line of Geary street; 164:7; E of Gough, E 20
V Hmn- ' P- an d EUa B - Sonntag to G«orgt>
• "ampbell. lot on, N line of Broadway, 170 W
of aSugh street. W 27 by |J0. ' .
.NC.CarnallJ Company: (corporation) to C.
A Buckley, lot on- 8E : corner of Lombard and
acott^treets, E '« 137:6 by 8137:6; $10. r -
Hiberriia. Savings and Loan Society to same,
tame; $3500. • --,.',„ '- >"¦>•'-" .
I Edward and Mary J. O'Connor! to, Henry E.
Hothln, lot;6nS line of Lombard street. 22:11
W of Pierce, W 91 :8 by s S 00; $10. 'Wr ¦ . i ,-.- .y
Louise A. Howland to William H. Mills, lot
cm NE. corner of . Pine and.' DevUaderp streets,
TS100 by N 27:6; $10. ¦"¦-¦• '.-¦'„ ...
Achille and-Roaa Kahn to Berthold Hlnter
man; lot on : B ; line of, Sutter, street, 65 E • of
Broderick, E SO by S 87:6; $10.;; V"; >
Fannie B. Sweasey to Grace M. .Toung. lot on
NW- corner of Haight and Lyon streets, N 100
by-W 25;>$10."- -'-' -•--'.-'•¦ >: : *-•¦.',»•->. -.'^-.
Isabella- A. .Andrews to Julia M. Thornton,'
lot on S line of Waller, street,; 81 :4% W . of
Cole. W 25 by 8 76; $10. _. -V
¦ Alexander 8. ; Cook ; to Mary ; Stenberg, lot on
W line, of; San 'Carlos avenue, 210 8 of Nine
teenth street, S. 25 by-W 75; $10. . -¦¦:.¦ .^ -j<
Nanno M. Lenhart (widow) -to William A.
Schrock i lot' on E : line of Castro street. 76:6
N of Elizabeth. E 105 by N 25; $10. ! ° •"
- Betsy ( Meyer (widow) to George 1 H. j Lent,- lot
on 8 line of Post: street,* 137:6 E of Jones/' B
27 • 6 by » S ' 67 :6,?. and ¦ all interest in 1 portion of
50-vara- lot 1030. 'lying E of above; $10.'
Patrick '« Lynph - to Henry "E.- Bothin/ : lot ' oh
NWaine ; of Minna street, .77:6: SW of Second,
SW'40 by NW 80;>$10.r - , . r ',
k Lulgl ' Caldarello ¦ to v Vincenza Caldarello, un
divided ; % "of, lot on' NW. line of Bryant street.
175 NE of Fourth. NE60 by NW^.80; $10.
- Monroe Greenwood' Estate Company , to How
ard ' B." Peterson, I lot' on 1 NB corner. Second , ave-
. Same to same, lot on S - line of Sunnydale
avenue, 832. W of Milllken street. W 105:8 by
8 ' 250:4; also lot commencing N 71 H degrees
W 1716 from Schwerin - streot. distant 293 :0>^
from * S line of ¦ Sunnydale avenue, • N W . 110, 8
291:0%, E 110,- N 201:0%; also lot commencing
N 71% degrees W 288 from W line of Schwerin
street, distant ; 584 :1}» > from S line < of I Sunny
dale avenue.: NW 110 by N 118:0%; also undi
vided B-49 of thefolIowing:vLot on SW corner
of ' Milllken : street and>"SunnydaIe avenue, • S
104:4 by W 244:4; lot on?S line of Sunnydal*
avenue, 1 488:8 'SB of Schwerin street. E 33 by
S 397:4; lot on.: S line of " Sunnydale avenue,
211:4 SE! Of Schwerin street. S 66 by E 897:4:
lot ' commencing; 1 N '71% ..'degrees 'W. and '1111
from W line of Schwerin street, > distant 293:0^
Jacob Levl Jr. to J, C. Ru*4, undivided 5-49
of lot on S line of Gunny Dale street, 105:8 E
of Milllken, E 138:8. S 224:5. -W 244:4. -N
164:5. E 103:8, N 63; also undivided 5-49 of
lot beginning at stake 4 on shore of San Fran
cisco Bay, distant 66 N of Sunny Dale avenue,
SE 244:3, NE 286:3, NW 238:11. SW 330:1;
$160: ;, ; '-. ¦ _¦;.'. - ; <.: '/-
.Annie A. Lynch to United States Fidelity and
Guaranty Company, same, property as in 5
deeds to grantor as above; $10. .
Same to same, lot on NE corner of Twenty
ninth avenue and R street. N 600, E 240, S
837:10. -W 12, 8 261;6, W. 211:8; $10.
John Gavin to same,, lot on S W . corner ; of
Thirty-fourth avenue and N street.W 82:6 by
8100; $10. ¦:.-----': ¦' ¦ . ¦ - ¦ "¦ x ' .
. Catherine A. and John Gavin to same, lot on
N line of Union street, 49.41 E of Franklin. E
25 by N 117.329; $10. •:•."-'".". :
Same to same lot on SE comer of Dublin
and Russia streets, 8 25' by E 100. lot 1, block
08 Excelsior Homestead; $10. ' " . . . . ..
Margaret Saul to John McCullough, lot on
E line of Third avenue, 50 S of California
street, S 25 by E 82:6;, $10. - . ..
Estate of William B. ' Allen (by Robert
Brotherton. trustee) to , Charles Carpy. lot- on
N line of Point Lobos avenue, 45 E Of Twen
tieth avenue, E 25 by N 120; also lot on W
line of Nineteenth avenue, 200 8 of CUment
street, S 200 by W 120; also lot on N line of
Point Lobos avenue. 70 E of Twenty-second
avenue, E 50 by N 100; also lot on W line of
Twenty-first avenue. 120 fe«t N of Point Lobos.
N 230 by W.120; $8600. — -- -
Charles H. and Frances A. Reynolds to Mer
cantile Trust • Company (corporation), lot on
8W corner of Forty-third avenue and C street,
W 165, S 1X0, B 45. 8 75. W 3:5. SW to a point
E 227:1. N 600; $10.. -
Hlbemla Savings and Loan Society to same,
lot on SW comer C street and Forty.third ave
nue. W 165. 6 110, E 45. S 75, W 2;3, BW 415.
N 600; $9162. _ - _. .
Oscar R. McGee and William 'L. Canneld to
Sarah Haddock, lot on W line of Eleventh ave
nue. 100 N of I str««t, N-25 by W 120; $3.00.^
Edward and Nettie Cox to Mandle and Dora
Jellnakl. lot qn W line of Eleventh avenue, 175
N of J street, N 25 by W 120; $10.
Henry W. Myers to KUtie S. Myers, lot on
E line of Thtrty-fifth avenue. 100 8 of J street,
6 "elUe M^Hen^essy, and Harry E. Swett to
Alphonzo Harrington.' lot on E line of Ninth
avenue, 125 S of J Street. S 25 by^B 120; $3.
Charlotte H. and Frederick Elliott to F B
Toakum. lot on 8 lin« « f R rt I«^ t n
Thirty-eighth avenue; E 25 by S 100; $10.
Samuel and Pauline B. Bloom to .City »nd
County . of San Francisco, lot on N Hn« 0 1
Preclta avenue (Army street north) and W Una
of Preclta Valley lot 10., E 30 by N 300. Preci
ta Valley lot 10; $3000. V - , •
Charles Klein to John J. McGue. lot .on N
line of State street. 225 W of Castro W BO by
N300, lots, 22 and 23, block 14, Flint Tract
Hcmestead; $1100. ' ,• , t ¦«,«¦
r; Thomas Mangan to Katie Mangan. lot on N\v
corner of Tenth avenue and K street. N 100
by.W 120. block 186, Central Park; $10.
Frederick O and Hannah Pearson to Edward
K. Pearson, .lot on SW- corner of Ben ton and
Andover .Btreeta, S 37:6 by W 70, lots 148 and
150. Holliday map A; $10.- ¦"-'-*• Jl ' „
Edward K. and Jennie R. Pearson to Fred
erick O, Pearson, lot on W . line of Andovwf
street, 37 :6 8 of ; Benton, 8 37 :6 by W »0,
lots 130 and 152^ same; $10. . *-\. -
J Abraham and Etta Rosenberg to Gasper and
Agnes T. Rececconi, lot on"N line of Farral
lones street, 300 E of Plymouth. , E 100 by . N
125. lot 8. block N. Railroad Homestead AsSO-
Henry J. Angelo to Mary Angelo (wife)/ lots
400 and 401.. Gift Map 3; sift. - .
Thomas and Mary Traynor (by . Herman
Murphy, • trustee) to J. ' A t Johnston. 1833 D.
172 lot on W line of Cherubusco street. 205:4
N of Cortland avenue. N 25:8 by W 70, lot
258 .Cobb Tract, trustee's deed; $765.
J. A. and Ann E, Johnston to Joseph F. Do
lan. same ;¦ $800. ¦
- John Gavin to "Annie A." Lynch, lot on NB
line of Eighteenth avenue, 200 SE of N street.
SE 75 by NE 100, block 347, Case Tract; $10.
Kate M. S toney and Harriet B. Harker to
E. W. Burke, lot on NW corner of Lake street
and Twenty-fourth avenue, W 30 by N 100; $10.
Thomas F. Barry to John and Mary Fitz
gerald, lot on NW. corner Clary street, 205 NE
of Sixth, NW 80 by NE 22:6; $3C00.
George Vilas ¦ to Marie S. Bullard (wife of
E. D.), lot on N line of Lake street. 164 W of
8eventh avenue, W 26 by N 72; |10. ¦
: 8 AN ¦ - DIEGO. -Anril - 25.— Mrs* Cellnda E.
Gcrrtsh, Utt years of age, wife of A. Gerrish.
dropped dead at the corner of First and Beech
streets this afternoon while waiting for a car.
Heart disease was the cause. ¦
nue and Lake street, E 35. N 89:11%. W 35,
8 92: «0. -
VACAVILLE. April, 25.— The first box of
cherries for the East 7. as shipped by the Frank
H." Buck Company to-day to Chicago. The
fruit was grown on the ranch of Robinson
Brothers. • - - ¦
F. W. G. Morosco, who was convicted
of a felonious crime,- was sentenced by
Judge Melvin to serve fifteen years in
Folsom prison. Morosco pleaded that he
is being persecuted to cover up a robbery.
Adolph' Chase, 14 years of age, who was
accused of stealing a. bicycle, -pleaded
guilty to grand larceny, and Judge Mel
vin permitted him to go under suspension
of sentence. The boy said he would go
to live with his aunt in San Francisco
and Deputy District Attorney Samuels
gave him 23 cents to get across the bay.
pevine subsided ' after ¦ this, but mut
tered to his attorneys that he was guilty
and • that he wanted -"to pay the penalty
for his crime. Devine's behavior Is taken
as another evidence of his Insanity. His
trial will be feet next Friday. .
OAKLAND, April 25.— Thomas Devlne.
thei slayer of John J. O'Connor, was saved
from pleading guilty to , the charge of
murder in Judge Melvln's' court this
morning only by ' the ' interruption of his
attorneys. When "the court clerk called
upon him to plead Devlne atood up and
cried out, "Guilty."
"No, no," shouted Attorney Cllft; "that
Is wrong. He pleads not guilty, If your
Honor please."
Pay Penalty of His
Crime.
Slayer of John J. O'Connor Willing to
DEVINE CBIES OUT
THAT HE IS GTJILTY
• FRIDAY. April 25.-2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. | . Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup... 111^112 4s qr c (new)13fH;i3J ji
4s qr reg...lllHlll%l3a qr coup-.109%110
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5a. 80 — Oc 33 Co 5s. — 100 .'
Bay CPC Sb.101.%10SV* Omnibus 6s.. — —
Cal-st 5S....119 — Pac G Im 4s. 07% —
C Costa 6s.. 110% — Pk & CH 6s. 107 110
Ed L & P 6s. — — Pk & OR 69.117 i 120
Fer&C H 6s. — 123 Pwl-st R 6s. — '•—•¦»¦
Geary-st 5s.. — — Sac EGR 5s.lO4%105
H C&3 5%8. — — SF & SJV5s.l20% _
Do 5s . 07% — Sierra Cal 6«.115%11«
L Ang R 5s.ll8%119 S P of A 6s
LALC068.103 105 (1909) ....113%.—
Do gtd 6s. — — (1910X 114% —
Do gtd* 5s. 103 104 S P of C 6s
L A & P 3s. 103 — ' U»05)Sr A.106%10T
Do lcm 5«.108% — (lDO5)Sr.B.107% —
Mkt-st C 6s. — 130 (1906) 109 110
Do lcm Bs. — 121% (1912) 110%121
N R of C 6s. 112 — S P of C 1st
Do6s .120 121% cgntdB«..12O
N Pac C 6s.l09%110% Do stmpd.lll& — ~
N R of C 5s. 114% — ?P Br Cal 6s. — 139^
Oak Gas 5s. — 113% S V Wat 6s. — —
Oak Trn 6s. 124 — Do 4s 2dm. 103% —
Do 1st c5s. — 118 Do 4« 3dm. — 102}*
Oak W G 5s. 104 — Stkn G&E6S.103 104.
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 77% 77%;Port Costa.. 63% 66
Marin Co. ... 60 — I Spring Val. . 02% —
- GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent LAP. 2% — • Pac Light .. 45 —
Eqt G L Co. 3% Mi Sac E GAR. 35 — ,
Mutual — 4Vi S F O & E. 45% 43?_
O G L * H. 61 62% S F G L Co. 5% «
Pac G Imp.. 30% 40% Stkn.G & E. 8 —
INSURANCE.
Flrem'B Fnd.260 270 /
BANKS.
AmerB&T.lOS 110 First Nation!-- —
Anglo-Cal .. 60 90% L P A A..-.167%17«
California ..425 427 Mer Ex (llq) 18% —
Cal Safe Dp.119% — S F NaUonl.140 .
SAVINGS BANKS. V^-
German ...1990 2100 Sav A Loan. — 90
HumboWt ¦'.. — - JSecurity 8av 340 300
Mutual Sav. 80 — Union Trst.1825 — .
S F- Sav U.525 — I
STREET vRAIROADS.
California ..170 182% Market ...^.100 —
Geary — ... 60 , Presidio ..-> S& —
POWDER. . :
Giant ..,.-. 73% 79%iVlgorit ...... 3 —
/-i— 'SUGAR.
Hana .... 3% 4% Kllauea .... — 94
Hawaiian :: 33 - Makawelt .. 23% 24^
Honokaa ... 10% 12 Onomea .... 25 —
Hutchinson . 12% 12% Paauhau ... 10% 13
>"•-£• MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack.158 160 Pac A F A.. 2% —
Cal Fruit As. — 103%! Pa* C Bonc.165 —
Cal Wine As.100%101% Par Paint... 1» —
Oceanic S Co 31 31% I
. Morning Session.
ino Contra Costa Water "..: •JI-2J,
5 Honokaa S Co 10 62',,
5 Honokaa S Co •• 10 80
- 85 Pacific Gas Imp 40 0O
45 Sacramento EGA Ry 35 CO
«5 S F Gas A Electric Co 45 62%
85 S F G.as A Electric Co 45 5O
10 Spring Valley Water ;••••'*? ™ :
J1CO0 S E G & R 5 per cent bonds. ,..104 50
$1000 SF & S J Valley bonds. ........120 75 _
$5000 Los AngeUs Ry 5 per cent bon.ds.113 62$ .
Afternoon Session. *
Board —
So Contra ¦ Costa "Water 77 23 -.
10 Contra Costa Water, s 90........ 77 25
110 Contra Costa Water 77 37J4
- 5 Giant Powder Con ' 79 37V«
5 Giant Powder Con 79 25
C Oceanic S S Co .....31 60
70 Oceanic S S Co ....,,.:.. 31. CO
200 Pacific Gas Imp . . 40 CO
10 S F Gas A Electric Co '45 37%
$M)00 S V 4 per cent bonds <2d mdrt)..'103 BO
$1000 Los Angeles Lighting 5 per cent. 108 00 '
$10,000 Bay Co Power Co 5 per. cent. .10$ 00 "
•-¦ Street — ¦ . .
5 Spring Valley Water .... 92 60
$4000 Sacramento E G & Ry 5 per cent. 104 50
$13,000 S F A S J V bonds 121 00
¦ V . ' ' ' '• - ¦
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.'
' Morning Session. ..
600 Monarch of Arizona IT
311)0 Sovereign .'.....I'"..!!"* 31
200 Sovereign :....\ 32
200 Sterling * 155
600 Sterling 0> 60) l 6214
300 Sterling ».'.... 1 60
400 Sterling (b 60) 1 65
Street —
iooo_ Four ..:........ ....;: ..-..¦ 54 '
4 Hanford ...87 00
50 Peerless ............. 725
ino Sovereign ....... ..... .....'....¦... 31
400 Sterling 1 82%
200 Sterling (b 00) 167%
MINING STOCKS. « * . '¦• .
The following were . the sales on the Saa
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board yester
day: ..
Morning Session. ¦
700 Belcher ...... JO -300 Crown Point."' 00
500 Best A Belchr 26. 200 Mexican .....' 50
400 Caledonia ... ttO 700 Overman .... T,> .
100 Caledonia ......53: 30O Savags :...:. 13
200 Chollar 19; 100 Sierra Nevada 23
100 Con Cal A Va.1 30! 100 Union Con ... 25
Afternoon Session.
100 Belcher':.' .09 .500 Ophlr ....1 40
500 Bullion 03 100 Overman ...;. 2T
500 Con Cal & Va.1 35 100 Sierra Nevada' 29
300 Crown Point.. 09 300 Union Con .. 2«
200 Justice 08 200 Yellow Jacket 12
Th« following were the sales on the Pacing
Stock Exchange yesterday: .
Morning Session.
BOO Belcher ....... Ol» 10O Ophir I 33
- 40O Best A Belchr 20 200 Ophlp ......I 37%
800 Caledonia .... 61 300 Ophir .1 40
600 Caledonia .... 62 0U> Overman 28
200 Caledonia .... 66 200 Sil^r Hill ... 45
200 Chollar . -'. ... 19 300 Union Con ... 25
200 Confidence ... «3 1000 Utah ¦ 04
500 Crown Point.. 09 BOO Yellow Jacket 13
200 Occidental ... 13'
Afternoon Session.
200 Best A Belchr 25 200 Occidental .... 13
430 Caledonia 55 300 Ophlr ....... .140
60O Con Cal A Va.1 35 200 Overman . . . .- 27
300 Gould & Cury 00 BOO Overman ;... 25
2000 Justice ... 03 500 Sierra Nevada 25
100 Mexican ...... 51f .' „¦ y ,
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.,
FRIDAY. April 25-1-4- p. m.
Alpha 02 Oil Justice ....... 07 09
Alta — 05 Kentuck . . ; . . •'— 01
Andes ......: 04 05 Lady Wash .. — 04
Belcher :....'. 08 10 Mexican ..... 52 53
Best A Belchr 25 26 Occidental ... 12 13-
Bullion . . 02 03 Ophir .1 35 1 40
Caledonia.... 57 59 Overman .... 27 2S
Challenge Con , 18 20 Potosl .;:....'• 28 . 27-
Chollar 19 20 Pavage 13 14
Confidence ... 61 65 3corplon ..... — ; 04
Con Cal & V.I 35 1 40 Seg Belcher.. -01 03
Con Imperial. — 01 Sierra Nevada 25 ¦ 20
Son New York 01, 02 Silver Hill . V. 47 49
Crown Point. OS lOiSt. Louis .... — ¦ OS
Eureka Con ;'. "18 — (Syndicate ... . ' — OS
Exchequer ... — 01 Union Con ..'. 25 '28
Gould A Cury 05 .07 Utah 03 " ' 04
Hale A Nor.. 21 23 Yellow Jacket '' U *: U
Julia ........ — 04
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE,
The Standard ' Consolidated Moning Company
of Bodle has declared the regular quarterly div
idend of 10 cents per share, payable here and at
the transfer agency \p New York on May 22.
The following quotations for the United Rail
roads of San Francisco were received yesterday
from New York by Bolton, De Ruyter A Co. s
Comitnm stock, $24 62%®23; preferred, $60 75®
61 12%; 4 per cent bonds. $90 60@92; sub
scriptions, $101@102, with orders to buy at
$102.
On the morning session of 'the Bond Ex
change Gas and Electric continued more or
less active, selling at $45 50® 15 62%,. and Pa
cific ; Gas Improvement was higher at ¦ $40.
Otherwise there was nothing new. The oil
stocks were quiet and not materially changed.
Values showed little variation in the after
noon. Oceanic was weaker at $31 50@31.
STOCK MARKET.
Upon being asked what conversation he
had i with Laymance . in regard to
the oil lands dispute. Donohue de
clined to answer the question. ¦ Judge
Hall then declared him guilty of
contempt and sentenced, him to remain in
the County Jail until the decision of the
Supreme Court is filed. , Donohue' s attor
neys had papers already prepared to get
their client out of Jail on habeas corpus.
These they . presented to -* the Supreme
Court and a writ was immediately issued:
The court Is expected to render a decision
in a day or two. ¦ •"-.. ¦ / '..".• .
The, proceeding was in accordance with
an agreement between the cour,t and at
torneys representing the litigants. Judge
Hall recently decided : that when sitting
as a referee in a deposition taking he had
the power to enforce any of his mandates
by punishment forL contempt. It. was
agreed that Mr. Donohue, whose deposi
tion was sought, should appear in court
and decline to answer . questions In order
to give his attorneys an opportunity to
get a. Supreme Court- decision. .
' For the sake of testing the powers of
Judges when taking depositions. Peter B.
Donohue, who iff- plaintiff In a suit, against
M. J. Laymance. and others for' an ac
counting of the stock I of . the California
Standard and Giant Oil Companies, com
mitted a -contempt in Judge Hall's court
this morning by refusing to answer ques
tions and was sent to jaiC there to remain
untir the. Supreme Court renders a' de
cision upon the right of a Judge to pun
ish a witness for refusing to answer dur
ing the taking of his deposition. ¦
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
- ' ; 1118 Broadway, April 25. -
Tests Power of Judges to Pun
ish for Refusal to
Answer.
Peter B.Donohue Awaits
the* Supreme Court's
Pleasure.
Builders' Contracts.
"from S line of. Sunnydale avenue. S 291:0% by
W 33; lot commencing N 71% degrees W and
1364 from W line of Schwerin street, . distant
293:0^ from S line of Sunny dale avenue, 3
201:0% by W 66; lot commencing N 71% de
grees W 1650 from W line of Schwerin street,
distant 293;0% from S line of Sunnydale ave
nue. S 291:0% by W 66; lot commencing. 71%
degrees W 1936 from W line of Schwerin street,
distant 293:0% from S line of Sunnydale ave
nue, S 291:0% by W 66; lot commencing N 71%
degrees W 2222 from W line of Schwerin street,
distant 293:0% from 8 line of Sunnydalft ave
nue. S 291:0% by W 66; lot commencing N 71%
degrees W 2508 from W line of Schwerin street.
distant 293:0% from S line of Sunnydale ave
nue, S 291:0% by W 66; lot commencing N 71%
degrees W 2794 from W line of Schwerin street,
distant 293:0% from S line of Sunnydale ave
nue. S 291:0%'- by -W 80; lot commencing- If
71% degrees W 3080 from W line of Schwerin
street, distant 293:0% from 3 line of Sunnydala
avenue, S 291:0% by W- 33: lot commencing
N 71% degrees W 1111 from W line of Schwerin
street, distant 684:1% from S line of Sunnydala
avenue. W 2003 by S S3r $350.
Thomas Crellin (owner), with W. C. "Watsoa
(contractor), architect Walter J. Mathews—
Lathing and plastering for a brick building on
S line of Mission street.. 118 :S% W of Second.
W 08:3%. S 80 E 59:6 S 80, SE 39:7%. NW
80, SW 2% inches, NW SO; total. $2660.
• H. H.* Dana and A. W. Pattlanl (owners).
with same contractor, architect Lathing
and plastering work for a 6-story brick build
ins on the NE corner of Geary and William
streets, 66 by 87:6; total, $3775.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Page Eleven.
GOES TO JAIL
FDR LAW'S SAKE
THE SAN FBANGISCO CALL V S^TUEDAY; : APEIL 26, l^P 2^
13
ROOMS AND HOARD.
VAN NESS ave.. 915 — Sunny rooms; "excellent
beard: $45 and $40; also a suite.
VAN NESS. 607 — To a refined ¦ couple; large
sunny parlor, with ¦ board, . in- private home.
VAN NESS, 519— Handsome furnished sunny
suites; single rooms; first-class labl* board.
LAMBOURNE, 420 Eddy— High-class house;
furnished suites or single; steam heat.
ROOMS WANTED. v
WANTED — Small unfurnished room by work-
ingman; about $3 per month. Box 1688. Call.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery, rooms 9-10; tel. 5580.
SPECIAX NOTICES.
FIFTY lots in the tide lands in the city and
county of San Francisco, belonging^to the
Hale estate, were sold at auction on March
21; the time for confirmation of the sale by
the Superior Court has been set for April 28.
at 2 o'clock p. m.. in Department 9; any per.
ton may appear in court on that' day and
overbid the purchasers; the highest bidder, if
the price Is ratisfactory to the court, will
secure the property. For other property o*
the estate for sale same day see "Country
Real Estate" and "Financial" columns of
this paper. For all Information, apply to
McGLYNN & MENTON.
Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers, room 22.
Chronicle building. ¦ . ' ' •
JOSEPH STRAUB,
850 Market st., corner Stockton.
Telephone Grant- 177.
Real Estate Agent.
Property Bought and Sold.
Rents Collected. . .
FOR Sale — Well-built house of 2 flats. 6 and
7 rooms and bath; good Income property. 09
Pond st., near Sixteenth and Market.
$5500— SACRIFICE: nice flats; well rented;
choice location; Mission. Owner, box 1446,
Call office. - . - " .
HAIGHT and Fillmore sts.. northwest corner;
transfer point; 150x137:6. ASHTON &
GARDINER. 411 Montgomery st. /.
$5500— MUST be sold; $3000 cash only; rents
160. Apply 2623 Sutter St.. near Lyon. ,~:.-
REAL ESTATE COUNTRY—For Sale
THE Hale ranch, near Mountain View. Santa
Clara County, was sold at auction on March
22 in nineteen subdivisions: the time for con-
firmation of sale by the Superior Court has
been set for April 28. at 2 o'clock, p. m.. in
Department 9: any person may appear in
court on that day and overbid the purchasers;
the highest bidder. If the price Is satisfactory
to the court, will secure the property. For
other property of the ' estate for sale same
day, see "City Real Estate"«_nd "Financial"
columns of this paper. For all information,
apply to
McGLYNN & MENTON.
Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers, room
• 22. Chronicle building. . .
FOR eale — $1600; cozy little home, 3% miles
from town. Mountain View; 9.60 acres: new
4-room house; all necessary outbuildings;
good well. 65 feet bricked up; 400 French
prunes. SO Imperial prunes, 2 years old; all
front and within U mile from school. 'Ad-
dress owner. W. W. TYSON. 744 Fourth
et.. city. .
600 ACRES at a bargain; fine land; no adobe;
oak trees; very best of improvements; good
water supply; adjoining railroad station; 12
traing each way daily, just the place to sub-
divide. GEORGE W. LOVIE. Redwood City.
BEAUTIFUL mountain ranch and home of 160
acres: 10 acres in vineyard; orchard; 5-room
cottage completely furnished: barns, wagon
and implements; abundance of water and
most picturesque retreat in the State; 50
miles from city. Apply F. W. MYER. 1453
Devieadero st., city.
FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO
Email tracts, $60 to $90 per acre, on Rancho
Cotati. Sonoma Co.: future value assured, as
-San Francisco is growing rapidly: location
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotati Co.. -302 California St., for
pamphlets and information. . -
A SNAP — Finest country home in San Matto
County; 23 acres of beautiful grounds;- ele-
gant residence, barns, etc. ; % mile lrom sta-
tion: 29 miles from city: 26 dally trains.
GEO. W. LOVIE. Redwood City.
FOR eale — 160 acres In Sonoma Co.. suitable
for orchard or vineyard; plenty of wood and
water. Address box 1412, Call office.
A ROAD house in running order for sale cheap
or exchange. Inquire on premises, San Lean-
dro road, corner Yoakurn ave.
PROFITABLE oranee, lemon, neach and prune
lands to sell: right locality: big money; easy
payments. HEALY & CARR. 927 Mkt.. r. 208.
Santa Clara Valley. San Jose and Peninsular
properties. See WOOSTER. WHITTON &
MONTGOMERY, 634 Market. S. F.. & San J.
CASH for rour country or suburban property.
Land Dept.. American Guaranty and Trust
Co.. Hayward building. .
CHOICE country lands for sale. Land Dept..
AmericanGuaranty&Trust Co.. Hayward bldg.
SrilURBAN REAL ESTATE.
ROSS VALLEY — 10-room furnished house, near
station, for rent from June 1: rent $60 per
month. J. TUNSTEAD. San Anselmo.'
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY ' REAL ESTATE. ¦
$3750 — FINB new house of 7 rooms, 4 bed-
rooms, gas, etc.; only 350 feet from electric
R R. and near the V. C. grounds; lot SOx
156. JOS. J. MASON, real estate, Berkeley
station. : 2 ' -
COTTAGE — S rooms modern convenience, bath,
etc.: easy payments. MURDOCK. 514 Pine.
FRUITYALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
FOR sale— 5 acres, Rose ave. and High st.,
Fruitvale. A. R. HARRISON. 78 Geary st.
OAKLAND 7 ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICc— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND COTTAGES TO LET.
TO let for 3 or 4 months, completely and ele-
gantly furnished double cottage, 7 rooms, in
East Oakland; large corner lot 150x150; gar-
¦ den; fruit trees. Address box 1413. Call.
OAKLAND ROOMS^ TO JLET.
TWO furnished rooms in a physician's home;
references required. Box 4266. Call. Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE good and cheap this month. H.
6CHELLHAAS. 408 Eleventh St.. Oakland. .
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
APARTMENTS for light housekeeping; furnish-
ed sunny suit, with kitchen; all modern im-
provements; bath; telephone; $16 to $20 suite.
ST. JAMES, McAllister and Laguna sts.
BELL (The),- 1778 Market — Sunny suites, with
kitchen, gas or coal stove. $12 to $20. .;
GOLDEN GATE ave., 1404 — 2 nicely furnished
front sunny rooms, with kitchen; reasonable.
GROVE. yl2»— 2 large connecting front rooms
for housekeeping. . ____________
HOJVARDi 1068, bet. 6th and 7th — Sunny
housekeeping rooms; all - conveniences; rent
moderate. • ¦ ¦ ¦' ¦."¦
LARKIN, 1010 — Newly furnished rooms, sin-
gle or en suite; very reasonable.
MCALLISTER, 636^-Nlcely furnished sunny
connecting suites; every conv ce; $15 and $1.
OAK. 117 — Nicely furnished front connecting
suite; every convenience for housekeeping;
$14. .---¦¦
OCTAVIA. 1403. cor. Geary — Sunny front room
with kitchen; bay T wIndow; gas stove; $0.
POWELL, 415% — 2 unfurnished rooms, suita-
ble for housekeeping; in rear.
SEVENTH 28 — Nicely furnished sunny rooms
for $12, $10, $8; gas and range; bath.
TEHAMA 331 — Furnished housekeeping rooms. :
hot, cold water.' also stationary washtubs.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call ' branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109G
, Valencia st.
IIOOMS. TO LET— Pnrn. »nd Unfnrn.
ARGTLE Hotel, 234 McAllister — New, elegant,
eunny: 75c day upward; rates by week or
month; McAllister cars to door; handsomest
grill room in California attached.
A BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth — Rooms,
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 r*r week,! and
light housekeeping rooms; open ill night. ¦
AT Grand Southern, 7th and Mission — Changed
hands; 100 rooms newly renovated; OOo to
$1 SO night; $2 to $7 week; parlor; elevator.
A— EDINBURGH. 239 Powell, corner Geary-
Sunny rms.; single, double; mod. conven'ces.
A— VENDOME. 1104 Market— Changed hands;
renovated; furn. suites. Mrs. V. W. Miller.'
ALL choice neat sunny suites or singles; day,
week or month; bath; phone. 332 Stockton.
BURNETT, 1420 Market <old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 204 : Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished eunny, rooms; prices reasonable.
ELLIS. 321 (Mozart) — Nicely furn. rooms, 35c,
$1 M night; $1 50. $6 week; open all night.
GEART 4C5 (The Navarre) — Elegantly furnlsh-
..- ed suites and single; travelers accommodated.
GENTLEMAN wants a gentleman to share
with him a large suite of rooms in a first-
class .family, hotel.. Address L. H. C, 26
. Montgomery ft.,. room 14.
GOLDEN GATE AVE., 758 — 2 Eunny rooms;
light 'housekeeping; bath; Phone; reasonable;
private. 1 .•
JONES. 305— Nicely ." furnished '. rooms ; , sunny ;
gas; bath; telephone.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged;' re-
pairing; lowest rates. Tel. Green 144. 205 4th.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, ex.; repairing;
. lowest rates: phone Howard 3264. 145 Sixth.
TO holders of mortgage bonds of the Market
Street Cable Railway, Park and Ocean Rail-
- road, Omnibus Cable, Powell Street Railway,
Park and Cliff House Railway, Ferries and
Cliff House Railway, Market Street Railway
and Sutter Street Railway Companies: .
Notice is hereby given that interest'eoupons
of mortgage bonds - of the above-mentioned
companies will be paid hereafter at the office
of the treasurer of the United Railroads of
San Francisco, room 90, Wells, Fargo & Co.' s
Express building, 49 Second st., San Fran-
cisco. • ¦ GEO. B. WILLCUTT,
Secretary United Railroads of San Francisco.
DIVIDEND NOTICES
ETFriends are respectfully' Invited to at-
tend the- funeral services Saturday. April
26, 1902, at 11 'o'clock, at her late residence,.
¦ 781 Haixht street. Interment private. Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery. '
TRASK— In ; this city, April 25. 1902, Mrs.
Martha- M. Trask, widow of the late Captain
•' Fremont .Trask. aged 70 years. • •-:.-,-
E7" Services will be held Sunday, April 27,-
at 3 o'clock, at the chapel of Cypress Lawn
Cemetery. Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
* tery. Remains at the parlors of H. F. Suhr
' & Co.. 1137 Mission street, betweenJSeventh
and Elrhth. • <_*
VAN VELDEN— In this city, April 25, 1902,
Frederick"" J., beloved husband of Mrs. T. M.
' Van Velden. a native -of Holland, aged 42
' years 4 months and 25 days. ¦¦•¦•'. . -
v&hahahan FlorisrCo.
Vv./VRTISTIC FLORAL DESIGNS
, Prices Reasonable^ '
107 POWELL ST. ncar ELLIS £Z£505G
¦'SHIBELEYr THE FtORIST.-
HOTHOUSE RO8ESA FRESH.
TWENTY-FIVE . CENTS PER DOZ. '
t SWEET PEAS. 10c PER BUNCH.
3H SUTTER ST,
-'•'." V- -'. : Phone Grant 107. ,.
FLOW OF RIVEBS. /
Following is a comparative statement of 'the
estimated - flow of certain California rivers in
cubic feet per second, or second feet, one seoond
foot equaling 50 'California miner's Inches, or
about 40 Colorado miner's Inches. The figures
are from J. B. Lipplncott, hydrographer of the
United States. Geological Survey: '¦ ?y' _" "
TULE RIVER AT McFARLANDS BRIDGE.
Second Feet .
MONTH. * --4*
¦ •-.-¦-. ', - . .• ¦• -l»01. 1902,.
April 13................... ... ,440
April 14 " ... ' 403
April .15.......... ... \ 424"
Aprll 16.......... ..... .*... 440
April 17... :.~: •... : 475
April. 18....... ... 475
April 10.-.. 51S .
KINGS RIVER 1 AT RED MOUNTAIN.
j ' "; ¦ . Second' Feet,
¦ MONTH. \ —
: ¦¦>¦; • - . 1901. 1902.:
April 13...... 2450 3440
April 14..... .:..:..'. 3120 3760
April 15.....:............. 3280 4110
April .16.. :..-...'..'....; 3600 .4300
April ;.17. ...*... •• 3020 . 4680
April --18...,. '..'..'...;. 4680 5322
April..- 10...........;.. .. 5548 .
TUOLUMNE RIVER AT LAGRANGE.
, ¦¦ . :.'¦•' - . Second Feet.'
. . . MONTH. - — —
. : .-..?, , '••; : ' 1901. ;' 1002.
April 13....-7.'..-..'..- 2497 4075
April' 14.. ..:... •..•••¦. 810T 4610
April: 15...... 3597- 4895
April' 16. .................. .3837 5185
April 17... .'......... • 3837 54T0
April 18:...'............... 4082 6090.
Apm-i9,.;.'..v..;..;:..- 4902 6745 .
SACRAMENTO RIVER AT JELL YS FERRY.
; .-1. - . - •. ' • . ¦¦¦''. Second Feet, /
XtlUFi X 11. • ' -' ¦ ¦ ¦
0-Vv 1001,' 1902.
April 13,...." ••• 9.800 20.800
April 14 ...:.............. 10.700 22.240
April 15. • 10.400 2(*,420
Apr! U16... .:......'. 10.100 20.100
Apr 17. ••• 0.800 2O,420;
Apr 18 ' 8.800.'' 20,420-
•Aprii-.; 10. ;.:-../ .-¦•¦• 10.100= 21.880
ETFriends, and acquaintances are respect-
;. fully - invited » to attend the funeral Sunday.
at 10 o'clock, from her late residence; 1813
¦ Sutter street. • Interment Home • of Peace
, Cemetery, by 11 :30 o'clock train from Third
. and Townsend streets. \ - ¦ < • . . -- .
SPRAGG— In this city, April 24, 1902, Emma.
¦ beloved wife of George Spragg, mother of
Mrs. James - J. Welsh (formerly Mabel
Spragg),' and sister of • Maria : Whipple . and
; William Morgan, a native of 8t. John, N. B.,
aged 45 years 9 months and 4 days. - -
IC^Frlends arid acquaintances are respect-
¦ fully invited |o attend i the funeral Sunday.
April . 27. 1902, at 1 o'clock, from her late
. residence, 210' Chattanooga street. Inter-
ment Cypress Lawn Cemetery. •
SMITH— In Arizona. Thomas Fred Smith, son
of" Mrs. P. J. G. Kenna, and brother "of Mrs.
George Hammer and . Joseph R., Ada E. and
Isabel Kenna. *.-, - ; : . -
SOLOMON— In this city, April 23. 1002, Lotte
Solomon; beloved sister of Maleha Kiseman,
and ¦ aunt • of ' Rosie. Guckenhelm and Julia
Solomon. . a native of Bavaria, aged 76 years
'8 months and ¦ 26 days.
,• E7"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Sunday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 4579 Eighteenth street, thence to the
Church of the Most Holy- Redeemer for ser-
, vices. : Interment private, Holy Cross Ceme-
• tery. -•.-..¦•¦-¦-¦' .¦--•--,
SMALIA-In this city, April 23, 1902, ' Maria,
beloved wife of William S. Small, and sister
'> of Henry H. Klnne of Redwood City, Mrs.'
CR. M. Pratt of Duxbury, Texas, and Mar-
shall ¦ Klnne of El Paso, ' Texas, a native" of
Nova Scotia, aged 65 years 4 months and 22
days. (Nova Scotia' and Boston papers please
copy.) .-..':¦ ,¦¦¦.. .- ..-.. ,-i ¦ ; ,• ,.- .-¦
ITT" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
-. fully." invited ' to attend the funeral services
to-morrow- (Sunday), at \1 ¦ o'clock, at ' the
; residence of his parents, 916 Halgbt street.
, Interment Laurel • Hill Cemetery.
PIAGGIOr-In Stockton, April 21." 1902, Nicola
. lfiaggio,- beloved brother of Mrs., G. Cana-
varo, a native of Italy, aged 57 years.
' E^-Friends and acquaintances are - respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Saturday, at 1:30 o'clock, at the parlors of
Valente, Marlnl & Co., 1524 Stockton street,
between Union and Green. Interment Laurel
Hill. Cemetery. . .-
RANDALL— In this city, April 25, 1902, Lu-
cretiaM.,- beloved wife of H. . G. Randall,
mother, of Horace C. True, daughter, of Mrs.
M: ¦ Starkweather, and sister of Mrs. A. Ja-
, cobi and George Starkweather, ¦ a native of
California, . aged 3S years. : : . - ; ; ~ ]¦ •-
SHEEHAN — In this city, April 25. 1902, Mag-
' gie. beloved daughter of Johanna Sheehan, a
- native of San FrancJsco. - • ' ¦ ;
dertaking Company, 2475 Mission street, near
Twenty-first.: ; Interment Mountain View
Cemetery. Oakland, by 1 :o' clock creek route
* •:¦ -.-.;¦••'.¦'•: r . ..¦.¦.'.¦'¦ -. ;. ¦¦¦• :•"-'¦ .
NEDDERMAN— In East ' Oakland. April 24."
. 1902, - Henry, ¦. beloved husband* of Minnie
. ; Nedderman, and father of Roy Nederman,' a
- native of "Ohio,; aged" 63 years.-- '
E^Friends and acquaintances are. respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
. ; to-morrow (Sunday),' at 2 o'clock, at his late
home, - 501 East .Twenty- fourth street, w East
Oakland. . Funeral under ¦ the auspices of
George A. Custer : Council No. 22. Jr. O. U.
A." M. . ¦:v>v-.,- : ;.-->; i -. .- •-
OAKLEY— In Alameda, April . 25. 1002, Agnes
; Oakley, beloved wife of the late Robert O.
Oakley. " and ; mother ." of : Ada Oakley, a na-
tive . of" England, aged .78 years.'-.
PARRY— In this city. ADril 24, 1902, Hattie.
beloved wife of T.' Harvey Parry, mother of
'Harvey Clarence Parry, beloved daughter of
Mr. and Mrs. Louis . Godain. and sister of
Mrs. A. A.- Drew, Mrs. Bert G. "Adams and
William and Clarence Godain, ¦ a native . of
.'• Nevada-City, Cal.; aged 25 years.,- ¦ :
ROBINSON— In this city. .April 25. 1002, of
diphtheria, '» Mary » Ann. beloved daughter of
• W. H, and M.E.. Robinson, Bister of Willie,
John, Kitty, Joe and James A. Robinson and
the ; late M. E. and Andrew Robinson; and
granddaughter of Mr. v and : Mrs. McGill, . a
native: of San Francisco, , aged 3 years 11
months and 5 days. ¦ , ' ' '
PEARCE— In this city. April 25. 1902, Fred-
erick C. beloved : son - of • William and Ida
Pearce, and brother of William J.. Thomas
J., James G., "Albert E. ' and George P.
. . Pearce, a native of Virginia City, Nev., aged
• 13 years 4 months and 2 days. (Virginia
. City papers - please copy.)
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
A CUSTOMER can rely upon gettlns more for
the money from us than any house on the
coast, because we are satisfied with email
profits and are doing business at the smallest
possible exi^nse. These things .must be taken
into consideration when figuring out prices.
We believe in selling large quantities and
Eiving best quality for the least outlay to the
customer. We eell the Decker, Wlssner.
Baumelster and Stodard. Easy payments
fot those who desire. THE ZENO MAU-
VAIS MUSIC CO.. 703 Market st.
ALTHOUGH many seemingly advantageous
propositions ar«^ offered in the way of prices
end terms upon pianos, please bear in mind
that we cannot only duplicate them, but can
offer exceptionally fine -pianos and largest
assortment of best makes to choose from.
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. Steinway dealer*.
cor. Kearny and Sutter <?ts.. S. F.; Broad-
way and Thirteenth stsA Oakland.
AS our new building and hall is not quite
completed we are making a cut on all ou-
pianos. Some special bargains — 1 Knabe, $95;
1 Heine. $185: 2 Steinways. $165: 3 Chicker-
lnjrs, $140 to $170; and 20 others. Squares.
$15 up. Small amount down and low pay-
toents according to quality. HEINE PIANO
CO.. Heine Hall, 235-237 Geary st.
ATTENTION. BARGAIN-HUNTERS—
Eecond-hand upright pianos from $55 up.
Second-hand square pianos from $50 up.
Second-hand onrans from S25 up; new upright
pianos from $175 up. BENJ. CURTAZ &
EON. 16 to 20 O'Farrell. Chickerlng, Mason
and Hamlin. Vose, Sterling pianos.
ANT piano sold by us taken back any time
within 2 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe. at- regular
price; costs you only 20c a day to buy a
piano from us. KOHLER & CHASE, 30
O'Farrell St.; established 1S50.
LXJDWIG piano* — Most popular of all. For sale
only by the Wiley B. Allen Co.. 831 Market
et.. San Francisco. Agents Chase & Baker
piano players.
EM ALL upright. $35; large cabinet grand up-
right. $150; square pianos, $35 up; A. EP.
Cameron, walnut case, almost new, $273.
Bowers & Son, 23 5th St.. Ivers & Pond, agts.
UPRIGHT piano. $100; splendid bargain; best
renting pianos in city for $3 per month.'
SCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 560 Hayes et.
COMPELLED sacrifice by private family leav-
i:.c: $550; new upright grand piano. 505
Ellis st. ,
SNAP— 2 only. new. $450; high-grade uprights,
dropped from catalogue.?250. Bruenn.20SPost.
fl70;great sacrifice :almost new upright. Schmitz
& Co.. 16 McAllister st.. next Hiberia Bank.
A LOT of storage pianoe for almost a song.
WILSON'-S Storage. 1710 Market st.
ALMOST new large eize Steinway upright left
on »ale; bargain. 235 Geary gt.
BTRON MAUZY. 30S-310-312 Post s_; Sohmer
and other pianos and pipe organs.
SUPERIOR violins, cithers, old and new. H-
MXTLLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AAD STORES TO LET.
EMMA SPRECKELs'buIldlng. 927 Market «t.^
Light, cheerful offices, $15@25 per month;
light, heat. Janitor and telephone.
$10 — STORE and living rooms on eunny Fide.
225^ Eighth ft., bet. Howard and Folsom.
6TORE with large basement, below Kearny; al-
terations to suit tenant. 636 Clay, room 1.
OIL. v ¦
OIL tar.ks. 2nd-hand. in good order; all aizes:
cheap. H. S. WHITE. 1.10-133 Beale «t. ¦
l'AIXTLZUS AND DECORATORS.
FIRST-CLASR work; low rates; get figures. J.
C. KOMAIXE. 640 G. G. ave.: tel. Polk 1413.
PALMISTRY.
Mrs. E. Pearce, scientific business palmist, re-
moved to 104 Turk, r. 2S: 10 a. m. to 8 p. m. ;
horoscopes cast by mail, $1; palmistry taught.
MME. G. L. NEERGAARD reads 1 to 4. 700
Pot-t St.. corner of Jones; phone Polk S37. '
H. JEROME FOSELLI, scientific palmist, CIS
Taylor St., bet. Geary and Post. tel. Black 561.
PKHSOXALS. ~~
INFORMATION wanted of the whereabouts of
a girl 10 year* old, 5 feet 8 inches high,
rather stout, light complexion, bluish-gray
eye*, brownish hair worn straight back and
coiled on the head, full face, high colored
cheeks; when last seen dressed in dark suit
with white hair line stripes- and r,ed woolen
fhirt waist, blue etraw turban with dark
blue silk lining; last seen April 20 on Wash-
ington tt., near Central ave. Kindly send
iniormation to Associated Charities. UU6
Montgomery st.
AN elegant line of remnants for suits to order,
$15; with these suits we make an extra pair
of pants free of charge; other suits on install-
ments. $1 weekly. L. LEMOS. 1117 Market
• St.. between Seventh and Eighth.
A — HAVE you pimples, wrinkles, freckles, red
nose, falling hair, dandruff, eczema, gray
hair, bald head? I guarantee a cure or no
pay. The Bohemian Specialist, 131 Post St.
ELECTRIC light in every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Market; 700 rooms,
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 SO to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and fro— i the ferry.
MAY Designer and Standard Patterns just out;
newest shirt waists and jackets with postil-
lions and peplums. Call to see at Domestic
office, 1021 Market et, near Sixth.
THE public are hereby ' warned that C. H.
MOONEY has no authority to represent us in
any transaction. American Guaranty Com-
pany. Chicago. ' -^*-"«
A— WHAT do you think? O. BERMAN. 48
Ellis, makes colored shirts to order; $1 each;
came aa white shirts; selection 300 patterns.
HAIR dyeing; bleaching a specialty; shampoo-
ing 50c; hair dried by electric drW & dressed
}n 30 mm. Miss A.V.D3yle,17C2 Mkt, op. 10th.
Electrolytic removal of moles and superfluous
hair; permanent; painless; free treatment;
work guaranteed. Miss C.Dudley.1702 Market.
FREE treatments facial massage, using FAN-
XT BRIGGS CARR (Los Angeles) face prep-
arations. LEDERER'S, 123 Stockton st.
AT less than cost, uncalled-for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
tailor. 721 Market st. : .
SIOKET loaned at low Interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S, 10 Sixth gt. ¦ -.. •;
WHITE enamel iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double, $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton et~. near Broadway.
A — If your hair is falling or you are bald, call on
Dr.G.S.Moore,332 O'FarreIl;Bend for circular.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with-
electric needle. MISS EATON'. 1119 .Sutter at.
I MAKE first-claES wigs and front pieces;
hairdreesing. 25c; shampooing:. 80c; manicur-
ing 25c. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton st.
ELECTRIC needle specialist; superfluous hair
_sd jnoles destroyed. Mrs. H.Eaton, 427 Sutter.
DR. THIELE, German specialist, removed from
110 Geary to 101 Eddy St.. corner Mason.
Mrs. Brlrgs — Superfluous hair, molea destroyed
by electricity. 1719 Buchanan; tel. West 2S9.
TAILOR-MADE suits. $7 50; drees pants, $2 50.
MUfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
Masquerade costumes at H. Anderson's, theat-
riral eoetumer. 26 O'Farrell; country order*.
niectric & elertric-llght baths, massage, hot air
tr**tment for rheumatism, etc. 233 Geary.r.27.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles removed by
electric needl*. Dr. &Mrs. Traverse, 117« Market.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
heir to its natural color; II; at all drugglsU.
ONE MINUTE TOOTH-ACHE DR0P8 CURE
.instantly; 10c and 25c. All druggists.
MASQUERADE coetumes, play bock*, vrlgt;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO., 733' Mkt.
DR. UUOTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINT, the
best corn cir-e. 25c; all druggists.
PHYSICIANS AJVD SURGBOXS.
nUPTURE and piles cured; no pay until cured";
no operation, no detention from business; all
private diseases treated successfully ;' consul-
tation free. Dr». Forden & Porterfield. 6 Turk.
DR. C. C. O'DO.VNELL — Office and residence.
1021*4, M.-yket st.. bet. Sixth and B-venth.
STORAGE A.M> WAREHOUSES.
PIEKCK-RODOLPH Storace & Moving~CoTof-
fice Port and Powell ets.; tel. Priv. Ex. 571.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. SiO Mis-
sion et.; tel. Howard 941. T. W. ZEHFUSS.
HEKIN'S Van and Storage Co.. 630 Market «t. ;
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates. .
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2-*gQ Fillroore st.; rbone Jacksoa 2S1.
. TO LEASE.
TO Lea*«- — Kenilworth Inn; romantically ¦ sit-
uated In Mill Valley; 50 minute*' rtdf from
San Francisco; completely fumlehed; In rood
condition: 40 rooms; steam and hot f water
baths; electric lights; heaters throughout;
elevators, etc.; rent, low. Apply MADISON
& BURKE. 30 Montgomery ft., or ROBERTS,
Real Estate Agent. Mill Valley. Cal. .<¦•>, .-
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
Bt-11 better machines /or less money than any
house in the city; rentals $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 536 California: telephone Main 266.
WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co.— Expert
typewriter doctors estimate free. 209 Sanaoroe.
TVP£WHITI>G AND MIMEOGRAPHiyQ.
EXPERT "tvpcirriUngTic folio: copies. 2c: mlm-
eosraphins. 827 Market, rm. 301; Jcssio 1554.
SAN FRANCISCO, Cal., April 23, 1002.— Sealed
proposals, in triplicate, will -be received here
until 11 o'clock a. m. Friday, May 23 1002.
and then opened for construction of Iron
"Wharf at Angel Island," Cal., and also Iron
Wharf at Fort Baker. Lime Point, ' Cal.-
Government reserves right • to reject Or - ac-
cept any or all bids in whole or. in part.
Preference given to articles of domestic
production, conditions of price and quality
(including in the price of . foreign produc-
tions the duty thereon) being equal, and such
preference given to articles of American
production produced on the Pacific Coast, to
extent of consumption - required . by ¦ the pub-
lit service there. Information furnished on
application to D. D. : WHEELER. : Deputy
Quartermaster General. Chief. Q. M. .-..,•
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS. ,\
ON and after this date I willnot be responsible
for any debts contracted- by my wife MRS
ANNIE BOWLES, she having , left 1 my bed
and board without - Just- cause. ' CHAS
BOWLES. - . ¦
MARBIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday: • ''¦'/¦'. ' ¦'
Robert J." Tobln, 22. 1232 Green street, and
Gladys M. Foster, 24. city:
¦ Lawrence Asbury. 49, 118 Sixth : street, and
Margaret Abbott, 49, city. ; 1— <¦ ¦ 7- .,..
> J. Delmore Lederman, 25, • Palace Hotel, ' and
Belle Strassburger, 23, 2112 Jackson street '¦¦
Charles S. Hall, 22, 418 Sutter street, and
Maude L. Connell, 18, 1608% Folsom street.
Owen H. Opie. 34, city, and Kate D/ Mor-
rison, 23, city. . •
Joseph H. Dion, 28, Chicago, and Anna S.'
Dennis, 27; 730 Bush street. - •---..•
Jean F. Sansot, . 37, Copperopolls, ' and ', Marie
F. Artous, • 23, 519 Jackson street.
Robert T. . Kenney. 25, . 3542 Seventeenth
street, and Annie A." Lazarus, -18,' 3614 Eight—
eenth . street. ' , '• , . ¦ ;
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— BEATHS; .
¦ Birth, marriage* and death notices ".sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and . be
indorsed - with the name and .residence -of per- i
sons authorized to have the same published. r
B0EN.
AST— In this city, 'April 17,. 1002. to the wife
of Fred Alt, a. son. ¦ < ... ' , ¦¦. ¦
PETERSON — In this city. April 22, 1002, to
1 ~ the wife of. James P.tPeterson, a son. • •¦ -
SM1SSAERT — In Chicago, April 19; 1902,* to
, the wife of K. L. Smtssaert (nee Flagler)," a
son. $3MS3M_9t_fsH0 - . . ' -.
WORTHINGTON— In; this city, to the \ wife of
Alfred Worthlngton.a; son. ' . . ¦ ;
' MABRIED; ~ ~~
HUGHES— DONOVAN— In"- this city, : April 23,
1902, -by- the Rev.-. Dr.- John.'A.-B. *. Wilson,-
Marvin Parker Hughes of San Francisco and
. . Marian M. ' Donovan ; of - Sacramento. 7 Cat • . - -
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA. Berkeley—
Nctlce to Contractors. Builders and Mate-
rial Men: Notice is hereby given, to all con-
cerned that sealed .proposals or bids are solic-
ited for performing the labor and furnishing
the materials necessary to the erection of an
addition to the Bacon; Art Gallery and Ll-
- brary Building on the grounds of the Uni-
versity of -California at Berkeley, Alameda
County, and said bids -or proposals will be
received at room*- 19, ninth floor,- Mills build-
ing, San Francisco, at or before 3 o'clock
p. m. of the 30th of April, 1902. And notice
is hereby further given that the plans and
specifications of Bald building have ¦ beet;
made and adopted ..and are placed in the of-
fice of the secretary of the Board of Regents
room 10, South Hall, Berkeley. Cal., where
the tame may be seen and examined during
« each day from 8 o'clock a. m. until 4 o'clock
p. m., from this date until said SOth day of
April. 1902. No bids or proposals will b*
considered unless the same are accompanied
by a certified check or a bond of said pro-
poser equal to ten (10) per cent of his pro-
posal, with sufficient sureties, . conditioned
that if said bid or proposal shall be ac-
cepted the party proposing will duly enter
Into a proper contract to faithfully perform the
duty and obligations In accordance with said
proposal and plans and specifications, which
shall be and are hereby required to be a part
of. such contract. The right to reject any
and all bids is hereby reserved. This notic*
is given pursuant to an act entitled "An
act to amend an act entitled 'An act to. cre-
ate and organize the . University of Califor-
nia,' approved March 25. 1868. and an act
amendatory of section 25 thereof, approved
March 28. 1872. relating to the construction
of buildings," approved March 3, 1897. By
order of the Committee on Grounds and
Buildings of the Board of Regents. :
W. A. McKOWEN, Acting Secretary.
PROPOSALS for ' Clothing and Equipage —
Depot Quartermaster's Office, 36 New. Mont-
gomery St., San Francisco, Cal., April 23,
1902. — Sealed proposals, in triplicate, will
be receved at this office until 10 o'clock a.
m., Thursday, May 8, 1902, pacific standard
time, and then opened,' for furnishing Waist
-Belts, Woolen Stockings and ¦¦' Scrubbing
Brushes. Quantities to be subject to 50 per
cent increase if desired by this department.
Bids will be opened for the delivery of the
same articles at either the San Francisco,
Boston, Chicago and Philadelphia depots.
To avoid misunderstanding as to the exact
nature of the articles to be furnished bid-
ders will carefully examine the standard
samples and specifications, so that proposals
may be submitted by them with a full
knowledge of what will be required,' as an
absolute compliance with the shandards and
specifications will be insisted upon In the
inspection of the goods. Unguaranteed bids,
and .bids upon samples differing from
standards and specifications will under, no
circumstances be entertained. Proposals for
less quantities than advertised for will be
entertained. Bids for delivery or Inspection
at other points than those named above will
not be considered. Tarly deliveries are es-
sential. Bidders auist state in ¦ their pro-
posals the - rate and time of delivery should
contract be awarded t> them. The articles
advertised for are the came for which bids
will be opened at the other depots.. Prefer-
ence will be given . to articles of- domestic
production and manufacture, ¦ conditions . of
price and quality being equal (including in
the price ' of foreign • production ; and manu-
¦ facture the duty thereon), and such prefer-
ence will be-glven to-'articles of "American
production and- manufacture produced* * on
the Pacific Coast,' to the extent ¦ of the con-
sumption required by ,the public service
there. The United States reserve* the right
to accept or reject any or all proposals or
any part thereof. Information and blanks
for ¦ proposals will be furnished on applica-
tion. Envelopes containing proposals will be
Indorsed "Proposals No. S344,".. and ad-
•"j-ested to Major C. P. MILLER, Quarter-
master, U. S. Army, Depot Quartermaster.
PROPOSALS.
CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Saturday,
April '26, 1902, at 8:30 o'clock, from- his late
residence, 212« Market street, between Four-
teenth and Fifteenth,' thence to the Church
, of the Holy Redeemer, Diamond street. • be-
' tween Eighteenth Stnd Nineteenth, where a
-high requiem .mass will be celebrated fo*
the r.enose of his soul, commencing at'- 0
o'clock. • Interment Holy Crops Cemetery.'"
MADSEN — In Moraga Valley, April 25, :¦ 19»2, '
, ' Erick: Madsen.- beloved •- husband . of -Annie
Madsen, and father : of Matt, Henry, ' Eritk
and Ella Madsen,- a native of Denmark, ¦ aged
¦69 years 11 months and 23 days. . : .
(CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend ' the funeral Sunday,
. at 2 o'clock, from Geary * Grlndell's un-
, dertaklng parlors, Haywards. Interment San
Lorenzo Cemetery. , A member of San Lean-
dro Lodge, A. O. U. W., and' Petaluma
Lodre, A. O. D. •
MARRON— In this city, April 25. 1902/ Mlchaei
C. . Marron. beloved ; husband of Mary: Ellen
Marron, and father, of Charles :M.. James T."
and- Joseph F., Marron, 7 a* native, of County
Mayo, Ireland,' aged ' 55 . years. - <:--.,.
MIGHELI^—Inthld city, April 24, 1B02, Frank
Edward, beloved son of William * E. ' and the
late .Allle-'E.-- Mighell,. and -Brother or Nar.a
E. ¦ and Jack Mighell, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 26 years 9 months and 10 days.
(Berkeley, papers please copy.) . ' .;.,
(CT Friends and acquaintances are . respect-
• fully Invited tto attend the funeral r services
Saturday, April 26. 1902., at It o'clock, at
the . mortuary, chapel of the Golden Gate Un-.
HENRY J.;CALUCHER CO.
' (Successor to Fiannagan '& Gallagher.) ' '¦ '. '
- - DANIKL P. DONOVAN, Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
,. ;, 20 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln BchooL ".:¦<¦-
, , / .-¦¦> Telephone South 80. ! -'.¦ '¦•'¦;..
¦Mt. Olivet; Cemetery,
* ' THE- CITT. "
Office, 916 Market Street.
, ;,_ S 7: Telephone - Bush "¦ 367. •\..' ¦
NEW FIRM^OF UNDERTAKERS.
' Samuel McFaddtn. 18 years manager for
i the United Undertakers'.' Association;, M..J..'
¦ . McBrearty, with the same ' company for ; 10
years ; P. ; F. • Green, ¦ late . with, J.t C. O' Con-
'nor &'Co.; have opened, new Funeral "Par-
lors ¦ at 1171 . Mission '- st.; » between 1 Seventh'
, and i Eighth/ *, Telephone. South. 44. ¦ • ,-^<
; JAMBS: McGINN, :^
'. Formerly .with "McGinn 'Bros.;- has ; opened
new . Funeral Parlors ¦ at i 214 ¦ Eddy . st., -bet. ¦
Taylor : and • Jones. - South ; 676. ; \'-
: E7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from I. O. O.F.
¦Hall, Seventh and Market -streets. '- Inter-
ment Laurel Cemetery. . Remains at the par-
~lors the California Undertaking Company,
• -405 Powell street, : near Post.
LITTLE— In this city, April 24, 1902. William
H., beloved husband; of the -late Maria Lit-
tle,- father of the . late. William H. Little,
brother-in-law of Mrs. Sarah Perry, and
uncle of Mrs. Elizabeth M. Jewett. a native
'of Ireland, aged 75 years 5 months and 10
" days. • --¦- ¦ . ¦ ¦„ -¦ -. - ¦ -- '¦- ; '
• (C^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
• fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from I. O. O. F. Hall.
Seventh and Market streets, where services
, will be held, under the auspices of Magnolia
"Lodge No. 29, I. O. O. F. Interment I.. O.
O. F. Cemetery. Remains at the funerai
: parlors of H. F. Maass, 017 Mission strrtf. .
MACDONALD— In San Jose,' April ¦¦ 22, 1902.
. I Archibald C. Macdonald, ! beloved son of the
late John E. and Caroline Macdonald.' \ and
brother of Daniel Macdonald; Mrs. A. Gllllti
and Lizzie, John, ' Jessie, Carrie and Charles
Macdonald, a native • of San ¦ Francisco,- aged
21 years 7 months and 19 days. • ;r v.'..;.:.,-!
IC7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Sunday, April 27, at 1:30 o'clock, at her late
residence, 537 Palace court, between ¦ Fifth
and Sixth . streets. Alameda, 1 Interment
Mountain View Cemetery. -
KELLEY— In this city. April • 24, 1902, James
Joseph Kelley. a native of Londonderry, Ire-
laud, aged &4 years and 3 months. ¦ . . >
(ETFriends and acquaintances ¦ are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), \ at 12 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of James McGinn &Co., 214 Eddy
, street, v thence • to St. Patrick's Churcji for
services, commencing at 12:30 o'clock. . In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
LARSEN — In* this city, April 24, 1902. James
Larsen. a native of Denmark, aged 62 years.
A member of Fidelity Lodge No. 222, I.-O.
O. F. •-., I :> - , -
K?"Frlen,ds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral {Sunday,
. April 11, 1902, at 1:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 4396 Telegraph - avenue, Oakland.
Interment- St. Mary's Cemetery. •'.-. . ¦, '
BOLAND— In Emeryville, April 23. 1902,, Mich-
ael C, dearly beloved husband of the late
Ellie. Boland, and father of Denny J..- and
Margaret Boland and Mrs. J. F. 'McCarthy,
a native of Kilrush, . Ireland, aged «0 years.
ICTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Sunday), at 9:30 o'clock, fromhis late resi-
' dence, 3859 ' Twentieth street, thence to St.
' James Church for services at 10 o'clock. In-
terment private in Holy Cross Cemetery.
COHN— In this city, April 25, 1902, William
Cohn, beloved husband of Celia Cohn. father
of Arthur, Josie and Bertha Cohn, and
brother of J. A. Cohn of, San Diego and Mrs.
Resenthal of New York; a native of Wald-
stein, Germany, aged 6l years. '
(C? Notice of funeVal- hereafter.
COSTELLO — In this city. April 24. 1902, Mrs.
John Costello (Mrs. K. O. Terry), wife of
John . Costello, beloved, mother of F. E.
Terry, and grandmother, of F. -K., Albert M..
James, Ed H.. Mabel and . Callie Terry and
Mrs. Fred Hansen, a native of New. York,
azed 73 years. ..' -'..'. ¦
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
. Sunday, April 27, 1002, at 10 o'clock, at the
mortuary chapel of the Golden, Gate Under-
taking Company,' . 2475 .Mission street, near
Twenty-first. Interment- Cypress . Lawn
Cemetery, by carriage.
DAVIS— In Virginia City, Nev., April 24, 1902,
Henrietta, relict of the late Abe Davis of
' Dutch Flat, sister of : L. Lobenstein of Vir-
ginia City and Mrs.- Friedenthal of Portland,
Or., and,«ist«r-ln-law. of Mrs. M. Lobenstein
of San Francisco, a ¦ native of Baltimore,
Md., aged 60 years. A member of Eastern
Star, Placer Chapter., (Baltimore, Md.,and
Sacramento, Cal., papers please copy.)
E7" Friends and acquaintances are. respect-
fully invited to -attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
A. W. Martin- & Co.; 319 O'Farrell street,
under the auspices- of King Solomon 1 Chap-
ter No. 170, O. ,E. S. ' Interment Home of
Peace Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train from
Third and Townsend J streets. -• • : r !
DOLAN— In this city, April 25, 1902, Gertrude
M. Dolan, daughter of . M. J. and M. A.
Dolan. ¦ a native . of Francisco, aged 2
years and 6 months. .• ¦ • ¦"'
EDWARDS — In Santiago, Chile, April 20. 1902,
Isabel E. Atherton, wife of the late Enrique
Edwards Esq., and daughter . of the late
Faron Dean and Domlnga G. Atherton. ;-
FEENY— In this city, April 24, 1902, William
A Feeny, a native of Ireland, aged 78 years.
GUNNISON— In this city, April. 25, 1902, An-
drew J.' Gunnison. a rtative of Goshen; N. H.,
aged 79 years 5 months and 25 days. ' . . ,
COT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Sunday, April 27, 1002, at 1 o'clock, at his
late residence, 1613 Van Ness ' avenue.- In-
terment Laurel-Hill Cemetery;
HALL— In this city, April 24, 1902. Margaret
E. Hall, beloved wife of Dr. . S. S. • Hall,
mother of Samuel Francis Hall, daughter of
the late John O'Brien, and sister of John,
Timothy and Mary Ann' O'Brien, a native of
• New York, aged 35 years 5 months and ¦ 24
/ days. - ¦ . , ¦" - -.
HANISCH — In this. city, ADril 25, 1902, Anna
Hanisch, beloved grandmother ¦ of Frank
- Hani*ch, a native of Austria, aged 63 years
and C- months. . ""f. , 7 ,.: ' '• ' . . '.
HUPERS— In this city, April 24, 1902, Joseph-
. • . lne , Hupers, dearly, beloved . mother of Cres-
* cens and Erminilde " W. Hupers,- and sister
of Robert Tittel and' Mrs. C. W. Sturges," a
native' of. -San Francisco; -aged 41 years and
¦< 10 days. '»...;» -.
|EJ" Friends " are respectfully invited to -at-
tend the funeral Saturday, at 10:15 o'clock,
from the funeral parlors of Porter &-White,
122 Eddy street. ¦¦¦ Please omit flowers. In-
terment private,, Cypress Lawn Cemetery, ,
JACOBSEN— In Alameda, April 24, 1902, Mrs.
¦ ¦ Maria Dorothea Jacobaen. widow of Ferdi-
nand Jacobsen, and aunt of Henry and Lil-
lle ¦ Dahl. - Mra. J. H. Sandkamp and-. Mrs.
Charles F. Usinger, a native of Schleswig-
Hol:-tein, Germany, aged 84- years 8 months
ana 16 days.: .,
[CT Friends and acquaintances are -respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
April 27, at 10 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of Theodor Dierks, 957 Mission street,
• between Fifth and' Sixth. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery. ... '
BENSON— In t. this -city, April - 24, 1902, < Olaf
Caver Benson. ¦ ¦ beloved - son of - Mrs. - : Odine
Arnesen, stepson of H. .: B.' Arneaen, - and
" brother ¦ of Gunhip i Benson and Oscar Arne-
sen, a native of San Francisco, aged 6 years
3 months and 5 days. ' * ¦ J - *. -;.
• ¦ E7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
his parents, 40 Lundy Lane, between Esme-
. raid a and Coso avenues. : • '•; -
BOHAN — In'-Gilroy. April. 24. 1902, -John
Bohan, beloved husband of Maria Bohan,
and father of Catherine. Patrick. John, Nel-
. lie. Walter. Michael, Robert, 'Edward 1 and
. Blanche Bohan, a native of Ireland, aged 50
years. - > ¦ \ -V . ¦ . *•',
AERNI— In this. city, 'April 24, 1902. George
Aerni, a native \ of - Switzerland, < aged • 58
years 3 months and IV days. .. A member .of
¦ Swiss ¦ Mutual - Benevolent . Society and ;, San
Francisco Grutli Verein. v:\ ' .' v - - -^ '.
: :¦¦¦¦¦ -\- died, gj -- ¦; .,v
Aerni,' George Macdonald. A.' C.
/ Benson, Olat C. : ¦• Madien, Erick :A'---",t
.'Bohan,- John ;-"\ -Marron, Michael C. _
.« Boland. Michael C. Mighell. Frank E. .'.-
Cohn, wailaim ¦ i Nedderman,. Henry
¦ •" Costello, .. Mrs. John ."•; Oakley, Agnes ' .
' Davis, Henrietta .' -Parry, Hattie
Dolan, Gertrude M. ¦ 1 Plaggio, .Nicola" ¦
Edwards. Isabel E. : Randall. \LucretIa M,
" Feeny, William Robinson; Mary A.
¦ Gunnison,, Andrew J." Pearce. Frederick C,
. Hall, Margaret E. : Sheehan, - Maggie ' r
: Hanisch. ¦ Anna , Small. Maria . . ' . ¦
Hupers, Josephine . Smith," -Thomas F. •
Jacobsen, Mrs. Marl* Solomon; " Lotte ' ¦' '• >
- Kelley. James J. ¦ Spracg. < Emma
¦ Larsen, James • Trask. Mrs. > Martha
Little. William H. Van Velden. F. J. ¦
ROOMS TO LET— Fnrn. an fl Unfnrn.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day,' week, mo.
REAL ESTATE— C1^Y--FjOR^J!ALJE.
O'FARRELL, 120A. near Orpheum— Nicely fur-
nished front and back parlors; en suite: or
single; others. -¦
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription:]
: received at Call branch office, ' 2200 Fillmore.
STOCKTON, 1206 (Model House)— Housekeep-
ing. $4. $6, $10; free gas; bath: newly furn.
SEVENTH, 28— Sunny furnished bay-window
room, $10; sunny suite, $1(1 single, $6 and
$8; bath. - : .
SIXTH, 242 — Nicely furnished front rooms;
cheap. RPSaSSHyJSSlSsSi
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth st;
near Market— Furnished; also 3 unfurnished.
ROYAL House, . 120 E1H«— Incandescent light,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies', par-
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 50; week, $2
to $8; month, $8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; -baths.
POST, 975— Neatly • furnished rooms; double
.parlor or single rooms; bath; private.
O'FARRELL, 426,* near 'Jones — House 'Just
: changed hands; newly renovated; reasonable.
CALIFORNIA. 807 (Stevenson Mansion)— Select
family hotel; exceptional table; popular rates.
FILLMORE, . 1720, near Sutter— Large sunny
room for 1 or 2 gentlemen; gas, bath; newly
furnished; with or without board; private
family. " ".-." >j-.; ;?.< * . - . ."Wells, Fargo & Co.'s Office Hours.
The preliminary examination of .Charles
Farrell and W. R.'Beebe on a charge of
robbery was held before Judge Cabaniss
yesterday. They were accused of hold
ing uprFrancls Burnett, a veteran of the
Crimean. war, outside a saloon at 655 Sac
ramento street, on the morning of April
18 and- robbing him of $18. After \ hearing
the -evidence- the Judge • dismissed- the
charge against Beebe and held Farrell to
answer before the- Superior Court.
Farrell Is rHeld f or . Robbery.
; Rear ; Admiral . Louis Kempff, United
States navy, % petitioned • the Superior
Court yesterday for letters of administra
tion' upon the estate of his late wife.
Cornelia Selby Kempff. He states that
the estate consists. of ; a house and lot at
2316 Clay street and $10,700 on deposit with
the German- Savings and Loan Society
Mrs. Kempff Leaves Small Estate.
The Police, Commissioners at the meet-
Ing Tuesday night a "resolution
that; none l ofj the saloon-keepers in the
vicinity of the Presidio ¦ would have their
licenses renewed nor ! would any new
licenses be; granted within that locality
during. their tenure of office. A com
munication was sent yesterday by Secre
tary . Cadwalader to \ each of the fifteen
saloon-keepers' who are affected by the
resolution notifying them of. its purport.
. .The ' interested saloon-keepers are Carl
E. Ritter, David Tarpey, John R.: Hodges,
William J. . Alexander, Thomas and Law
rence Powers, Antone Phillips, Valentine
Behrendt,- Francis Lande, Antone Meyers,
Louis P. Matkln, Philip Ranft, P. Ander
son, , Gustav ,O. , Weinhold, - August
Koehncke and Michael. J. Collins. Their
licenses expired within the past week or
tWO.; " . '¦ Y *.'•.: ..-.,, .-- ,¦',¦ '
Renew Nor Grant : Any
. Licenses.
Police Commissioners Decide Not to
NO MORE ¦ SALOONS IN
\ ; VICINITY.' OF PRESIDIO
Rulofson achieved considerable notorie
ty some time ago by making claim-to the
estate of 'the late Winslow G. Hall, a
wealthy sea captain, whose adopted son
he claimed to be. The suit occupied the
attention of the courts for many months
finally resulting „ in a verdict against
Rulofson. .": ' ,.-.-:.• •
When the. suit was filed by Mrs. Rulof
son, last Tuesday, Deputy County Clerk
Joseph Rlordan entered it on the divorce
slip under the name , of Rule, County
Clerk Mahony and his deputies -readily
lending their services In an effort to keep
the matter secret. ; -
Myfctery Surrounding Filing- of Pap
ers Leads to Belief That Charges
. Are Sensational.
-Alfred C. Rulofson, . buyer for the firm
of Baker'& Hamilton, is being sued for
divorce on the ground of cruelty by Jen
nie Rulofson. What the exact charges
are has not been- made public, but it. is
said that the trial of the suit before
Judge . Hebbard this morning will result
in startling developments. • :
AiLFBED C. B.ULOFSON -
-. . - IS .STJED>FOIt DIVORCE
Attorney Rlordan, in answering Hough
ton's objections, stated in strong lan
guage that the fee asked for was partly
earned and- wpuld.be earned in full .be
fore the estate was closed . up. The mat
ter was finally settled by the attorneys
submitting the question of fees to Judge
Troutt, who announced, In taking the
case under advisement, that he. did not
feel that he could allow a demand for
more fees until the filing of the final ac
count.' Riordan and Blakeman, as attor
neys for^executors Edward Lande, :W.
Alvord and .Julius- Friedberff, have- al
ready received $11,500 attorneys' fees from
the estate; which is worth at the present
t'me $500,000. f •', \ ¦.
A. wordy war! ensued. In. Judge Troutt*3
court yesterday during the hearing of ob
jections to the supplemental final account
of the executors" of the estate, of the late
Julius Friedman. Attorney R. E. Hough
ton precipitated the battle of tongues by
voicing his 5 objections to ' the claim . of T.
D.'Rlordan and T..Z. Blakeman for $10,
000 attorneys' fees. Koughton, as repre
sentatlve'of putative heirs, claimed, that
the ' fees had not been earned, and also
objected to several other. things in the ac
count. - - Ij,\
Strong Objection Is Made
by Attorney for Fried
man Heirs.
GIVES FREEDOM
TO MUTINEERS
Navy Department Or
y ders Release of Six
teen Sailors.
VALLEJO, April 25.-SIxteen United
States sailors, after serving four months
in San Quentin for mutiny, were returned
to Mare Island to-day for their pay and
discharge from the service. Their offense
was a refusal to clean out the bilges ot
an extremely dirty former Spanish gun
boati-tho Manila. The men nad -worked
on the task until dinner time, when they
were ordered to dinner. . On arriving: at
table the order was countermanded and
they, were sent back to conclude their vile
task before eating. They refused to obey.
The provocation was great, but that did
not lessen the crime of insubordination.
They were court-martialed and sentenced
to from two to ten years each. They
were sent to San Quentin Prison. There
they have worked out ' four months of
their time. Upon a rehearing: and inves
tigation they were ordered released and
yesterday the tender waa sent to bring
them here to receive their discharges.
GIL.ROT, April 25.— Citizens of Gllroy at a
mass-meeting- last evening decided to hold a
fireman's tournament on September 9 and 10.
LAWYERS ARGUE
FOR MORE FEES
It U my earnest hope that " our order may
render effective «ervice in tHis matter. For
years I have advocated the use of home prod
ucts and the upbuilding- of our State's inter
est. I want to see the label "made in Cali
fornia" .crowd out all brands- of manufacture
that enter in competition -*wlth ; what our
Golden State can produce. Why, for Instance,
should we Californlana buy orange marmalade
made in ..Scotland, .where never an orange
grows, ¦ in preference to the home product?
The sug-eestlon that the Native Sons' parlors
select 'some industry of Its own locality and
by consultation with those directly Interested
proceed to devise means ¦ whereby the . parlor
might aid j in . its development applies equally
well to the Native Daughter*' parlors.
I would suggest that the Merchants' " and
Producers' Association have display envelopes
printed for such localities as can be thus ex
ploited and that '. the cost be placed at sta
tioner's usual price, and that the Native Sons
and the Native Daughters use them and do so
liberally in' their correspondence. For ' fiestas
and boom occasions the aid ¦ of illuminated
stationery is Included. Why not use it for the
purpose of steadily booming the State? Let
them prepare the envelopes ¦ and postal . cards
and I can answer for the Native Daughters.
They will use them. , •
Referring to the fact that Mr. Sbarboro,
president of the Manufacturers' and Pro
ducers' Association, has appealed to the
Native Sons of the Golden West for their
support in developing the resources of the
State. Grand Vice President Eliza Doug
las Keith of the Native Daughters of the
Golden West said. yesterday:
The executive committee of. the pro
motion committee of the State Board of
Trade, of which A.' Sbarboro is chairman,
is anxious to complete the work of rais
ing funds in order that its plans for the
promotion of immigration may begin to
take definite shape early. A list of sub
scribers will probably be published about
the middle of next weeK, and the com
mittee desires'that merchants and others
intending to subscribe shall do so in ad
vance of that publication.'.
WELL -KNOWN ATTORNEY
APPOINTED STATE ; INSUR
ANCE-COMMISSIONER. • .¦ i*
Subscriptions Required
for (Advertising 7/tlie ¦
State's Resources.
FUND NEEDED
FOR PROMOTION
The - San Francisco . delegation may
present to the Republican State Conven
tion a candidate for the high- office of
Attorney General. It Is known that Tirey
L. Ford will not permit his name to go
before the convention as a candidate for
renomination to this office, hence the field
is wide open for all aspirants. Sheldon G.
Kellogg, a : well-known attorney of this
city, is an aspirant for the nomination.
He was ; chairman of the Republican
Municipal Convention that nominated
Horace Davis for Mayor. He was sub
sequently appointed to the office of Elec
tion Commissioner, by Mayor Phelan.
that there would be no hitch in this re
spect; • ¦ •¦ . • I .'•¦••
The newly appointed Commissioner is a
young man, who entered the political
arena eight years ago. j He tells a good
story, and makes a good campaign speech.
The salary attaching to the office is $3000
per annum. • ¦ * . . . .
GAGE APPOINTS E. MYRON WOLF
STATE INSURANCE COMMISSIONER
Impression TMt; A; J. 'Clunie, the Incumbent, Will Surrender the
• ¦ Place to the New Appointee : May i;7~-SheldonG. Kellogg
Aspires to Republican Nomination for Qffice of Attorney^ G^eneral
ce of Attorney General
THI3 SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 26, 1902.
The bullshead ' breakfast ' of the -.Old
Friends, announced " for; to-morrow, at *4530
Mission street; has been postponed" until
May 25 on account of the, carmen's "strike.
Breakfast Is Postponed.
Mayor Schmitz yesterday appointed the
following named to act as a Memorial day
committee : to arrange for. a celebration:
¦i Horace Wilson. T. D. Barnstead. Charles
Edelman, Innes, c. J. Handler E W
Woodward, N. P. Chlnman. A. J. Hu'wm r
L. Field. R. E. Hou K hton.E. S. Salomon
Frank - E. Myers. Ruddick. Georie W
Arbuckle. H. P. Bush, Hugh T. Slme. A .An-'
drews -A. S. Isaafs, Isaac Upham, S. M
Shortrldue and Thomas. F. Prendergast.
ALLEGES BREACH OF CONTRACT — t? r
Hodge is suinK the Patent Title and Guarantee
Company for $1000 damages for alleged breach
of contract. . He charges that the comninS
falMd.to keep an agreement to pay htm T?om
mission of-: 30 -per . cent . upon air buslnlss S"
cured.byrhtm for. the corporation.^. "
Lowest rates , for moving, packinu. Bhlpplnr
and atoring. See B. V. and S. Co., C50 MarketT*
Memorial Day Committee.
Judge * Hunt has granted divorces to
Marie M. Sands from James .V. Sands for
extreme cruelty," and Annie Glennon from
P. J. Glennon: for desertion. ; . ,.:
SAYS HUSBAND CALLED
; HER OPPROBRIOUS NAMES
Mrs. Alberta Boss Brings Suit for
. . Divorce on Ground -of- '. : . .
[-,.[ Cruelty. , ; ' ' f.
Alberta P. Ross, who was .married to
John S.- Ross at San , Jose In October,
1895, commenced an action for ';*: -'divorce
yesterday. on the ground of cruelty." She
alleges that Ross j for the last'. year has
caused her untold misery by accusing- her
of , unfaithfulness and by calling; her op
probrious names.' • '; • ¦: ,; . .',. -
George Reck, who is ; being sued for di
vorce by Agnes M. Reck, was adjudged
guilty of contempt of court by Judge
Graham yesterday and sent to the Coun
ty Jail-until such time as he pays his wife
$30 back alimony and $50 counsel fees.
A jury ' In the United :. States , Circuit
Court yesterday gave • Mrs. Maud "Van
Buren and her minor children a verdict
against the Mountain Copper Company,
Limited, for '515,000 damages for the loss
of her I husband, John Van , Buren. Van
Buren -was killed March 1, 1900, by a cave
in : a stope of the Mountain . Copper Com
pany, Limited, in Shasta County. He had
gone to work > for the company, not as a
miner, but as a surface laborer. After a
few days he was placed underground in
a stope and was not warned of the dan
gerous nature of ,the place. Counsel
proved that the timbering- had been put
up in a negligent manner by the defend
ant, that Van Buren met his death by
reason of such negligence and did not con
tribute toward it by, reason of careless
ness on his part The suit was brought
Husband.
ed Her for the Loss of Her
Fifteen Thousand Dollars Is Award-
MUS. VAN BTJREN" GETS
VERDICT TOR LABGE SUM
An enjoyable entertainment and dance
was given last night at Native Sons' Hall
by Aerie.- No. 5. Fraternal Order; of
Eagles. The hall was crowded to the
doors and the excellent programme of
fered was well received. After the enter
tainment the floor was cleared for danc
ing .and the merriment continued for
some time. ' '
The affair was under the management
of the following committees: .
Executive — Charles G. Nagle. Gus Pohlmann,
C. F. "Williams, Oscar Hocks, Samuel Micael.
Reception committee— E. L. Head, chairman;
T H Lindsay, E. L. Wagner, J. F. Cheat
ham, -Harry Baehr, Charlej M. Fisher, Oscar
Hocks. - •
Floor manager— Ed F. Burns. Ommlttee— i
p M Rhoads, Prentice C. Peters, W.»K.
Lewis G. Holdstein, Emil Kahn. O. A. Ober
steller, R. H. Rusch, J. J. Daughney, H. D.
Pohlmann. .
Hall committee — Fred Everett, A. Becker, <J.
Leiser, M. F. Flelshmann. R. Noonan, J. 8.
Cannon,' Fred Petersen, C. W. Lentz. • • -
Refreshment committee — Jerome Basslty,
Frank. Dunn, Will H. Flaherty.
Programme ' committee — J. George Crowley,
chairman; R. B. Loos, James W. Home, Gall
Harris. J. M. Moffltt, C. F. . Penther.
Aerie No. 5 Before a Large
Audience.
Excellent Programme Is Eendered by
EAGLES ENTERTAIN. * AT
NATIVE SONS' TTATiT.
PETITION IN INSOLVENCY. — Louis Stel
ler. grain Inspector for the Produce Exchsnei
filed a petition in insolvency yesterday In tt£
United States District Court. He owes 1 SS56 1%
and has no assets. • . *
Cafe ZInkand serves a substantial busi
ness men's lunch. •
The debating: teams of the University
of California and of Stanford University
will meet to-night in their annual debat
ing contest at Metropolitan Temple. Presi
dent -David Starr Jordan of Stanford will
preside. Judge Murasky, Judge Ralph G.
Harrison and Max Sloss will act ; as
judges. . ' ¦
The teams and order of speaking will
be as follows: First, Max Tellen, Califor
nia; second; Herbert C. Jones, Stanford;
third, Walter Rothchild, California;
fourth, George W. Leistner, Stanford;
fifth, Ralph Pierce, California: sixth,
Fletcher B. Wagner, Stanford. The sub
ject chosen for debate is: "Resolved, That
the Southern States should grant suf
frage to the negro in accordance with the
spirit of the fifteenth amendment."
The debating classes of the Humboldt
Evening School and the Lincoln Evening
School will also strive for honors to-night
at the auditorium of the Girls' High
School. The question will ,be /'Resolved,
That the Philippines should be given their
immediate independence." The Hum
boldt School ¦- will , be .. represented by
Thomas Forsyth, ' Fred Dunstan and
George Presley, while Walter Thefts,.Ed
ward J.-Rellly. and Robert S. Lawyer will
represent the Lincoln School. Dr. W. B.
Howard and Professor L. T. Hengstler
will act as judges.
Stanford and Berkeley
Teams Are Ready
to Argue.
The proprietors of the projected busi
ness are well known to the commercial
world and success for the enterprise
seems positively, assured. Those inter
ested in the growth and welfare of San
Francisco will welcome the establishment
of so important an enterprise in the city.
That San Francisco merchants are alive
to the growing importance of this city a*
a commercial center has of late been
many times shown, but probably no re
cent event in business circles has created
more Interest than the announcement that
the premises formerly occupied by J. J.
O'Brien & Co., corner of Jones and Mar
ket streets, have been leased and will be
remodeled for the accommodation of a
modern general department store. The
firm will consist of A. J. Praeger & Sons;
a. corporation of this city and Portland,
and Henry Goldwater, formerly largely
interested in Prescott and Phoenix, Ariz.
Mr. Praeger, who is at the head of af
fairs at the "Red Front," so well known
to frequenters of Market street, states
that the new store ! will be conducted as
a popular priced and thoroughly modern
general department store, where the best
values and the lowest prices will always
be associated. The store will be opened
about September 1, after being entirely
remodeled and equipped for the purpose
of handling the trade to. the bes"t advan
tage. Only the most competent and best
help will be employed, and the prevailing
idea will be to cater to the women In
much the same manner that the Red
Front does now and will continue to do
to the men.
ing on Market Street.
Will Occupy the Murphy-Grant Build-
NEW DEPARTMENT STORE
RIVAL STUDENTS'
ANNUAL DEBATE
School Director Denman appeared be
fore the committee and reported progress
in regard to the plans which are being ar
ranged for the construction of the new
Bchoolhouses under the bond Issue He
eald that the sites for the new schools
had all been selected and promised to eub
. tnlt a report regarding them at the next
meeting, when provisions will be made
for having them appraised.
The Spring- Valley Water Company sent
a. communication to the board to the ef
fect that it was willing- to gTant the city
the right of way over its Lobos Creek
property to order that the park might be
connected with the Presidio. The com
pany requested, however, that the Super
visors stipulate exactly over what portion
of Its property the city desires the right
of way.
The Supervisors believe that this provi
sion of the charter is not valid and the
opinion of the City Attorney has been
asked. Should the City Attorney decide
that the charter is correct on this point
the Supervisors desire to have matters
so arranged that the plans for the acquisi
tion of the road will not be disarranged,
so the City Engineer was requested to
prepare estimates of the cost of construct
ing the road over the route. The route
suggested extends up Grant avenue to
Bush street, thence to Kearny and up
Kearny to Pine and thence to the ferry.
This route will relieve the necessity of the
city's cars running for more than five
blocks on any street occupied by the
tracks of another company.
According to the plans laid down by the
committee yesterday, the Geary-street
road, when acquired by the city and
changed into a conduit electric
system, will commence at Fulton
etreet on Tenth avenue and ex
tend along Tenth avenue to Point
Lobos avenue and thence to Geary street.
The charter provides that in the acquisi
tion of public utilities by the city, bids
shall be asked for and in order to com
ply with this stipulation the clerk of the
committee was requested to ask the
United Railroads Company to submit of
fers for the sale of a portion or the whole
of its roads. It is expected that at the
meeting of the committee next Thursday
the City Engineer will be ready to report
the estimated cost of the Geary-street
road, together with the cost of extending
It to the ferry over both routes.
rang-e merits for the acquisition of the
Geary Street Railway at the expiration
of the franchise of the present company.
In order that the provisions of the char
ter might be complied with in full, the
committee requested that the City Engi
neer furnish estimates for the cost of con
structing two roads. /
The charter provides that the cars of
one company shall not be allowed to run
for more than five blocks on a street oc
cupied by the tracks of another company.
As it is the desire of the Supervisors to
extend the Geary-street road down to the
ferry and as Market street already con
tains the roadbeds of the United Rail
roads and as it is more than five blocks
from, the termination of Geary street to
the ferry, it would appear that the city
would be unable to have their cars run
along Market street down to the ferry.
The Public -Utilities Committee of the
Board of Supervisors devoted its cession
yesterday afternoon to completing ar-
The petition of the Harbor Commission
that Bender Brothers be exempted from
the provisions of a resolution ordering the
removal of obstructions at the foot of
Third street was denied.
The Judiciary Committee postponed ac
tion until next Friday on Supervisor Mc-
Clellan's proposed resolution providing
that all franchises granted in the future
shall contain a clause prohibiting dis
crimination against union labor. Chair
man Comte ruled that it would not be
wise for the committee to make any rec
ommendation while negotiations are
pending for the settlement of the strike.
The Joint committee on Judiciary and
Streets recommended a resolution yester
day authorizing I. W. Hellman to return
to the Sutro heirs a deed held by him in
escrow conveying a right of way to the
city for the widening of Dewey boule
vard. The committee approved the City
Attorney's opinion that the agreement
entered into by the city with the late
Adolph Sutro to! complete the work of
constructing the boulevard within a cer
tain prescribed time had not been com
plied with.
In charging the jury Judge de • Haven
said there .had been no evidence to Justify
the conviction of the defendant on the
second and third counts of the indictment
which charge embezzlement. The evi
dence did not show that: the money had
ever been instrusted to the defendant in
his official custody, so the jury should
confine itself to the 'consideration , of the
charge In the first .count— that of larceny.
The jury was also instructed that ' the
good character of the accused was a fac
tor in the case and a circumstance tendln?
in a greater or lesser degree to establish
his .innocence. The jury ; was also in
structed to accept with caution testimony
as to verbal admissions- alleged to have
been made \by the defendant and also
testimony given by the detectives. The
jury also, in considering Dimmlck's own
testimony, had a right to take into con
sideration his great, personal interest in
the case. It was Immaterial whether 'or
not the affairs of the Mint were conducted
with carelessness If the. jury should find
that the offense 'had been committed bv
the accused. • . . t , ., , f
The Jury retired at 2:20 p. m. ': '•'••¦.:
CHARGE TO THE JTTRY.
-The dress suit case episode was taken
up next. Denson said he believed that
Mrs. Dimmick had told the • truth when
she testified j that she had • never- seen her
husband in ' possession of a- dress suit
case. She was a noble woman, standing
by her husband as a soldier stands to his
guns. "No man contemplating a crime,"
continued he, "will tell his honest wife
what he is doing. He would , be afraid
that her conscience might force her: to
betray the guilty secret, and Dimmlck
was too shrewd and too deep to; take His
wife into his confidence in this matter.
Taken by surprise when he was asked In
the investigation in the Mint to explain
that episode, Dimmlck denied that 'he had
ever been In possession of. one. Having
made that denial formally and. his words
having been taken down, he -was obliged
during the trial to stick- to the" story he
had told at first." ¦ \ ; " •
Counsel then explained why Watchman
Bills had not reported to Superintendent
Leach the fact that he had seen Dim
mlck at midnight with two sacks of coin
In his hands by saying that -Ellis did not
suspect that anything was wrong. Even
had he so suspected he had no witness to
corroborate him, and Chief Clerk Dim
mick could put his thumb upon him and
crush him. , ..... ..
The counsel next called, the attention
of the jury to the significant fact that
Dimmick had Instructed Cole not to . re
move the • trucks from in front . of * the
pigeonholes from which had been re
moved the six sacks containing the $30,000.
On the charge made by Collins in his
argument that a . conspiracy existed
against Dimmlck to prove him the man
guilty of stealing the money lor the pur
pose of relieving Superintendent Leacn of
the responsibility xor the loss, Denson
said that Leach was responsible on his
bonds for the whole of the *M,W0, no mat
ter who stole it, and he could nojt there
fore have had any pecuniary, interest In
convicting the accused. Blmmick was ac
cused of the crime because he, was the
oniy man that could have committed' It
under the circumstances disclosed, by the
evidence. "These circumstances are small
in themselves," said Denson, "but. taken
in their entirety no other conclusion la
probable or reasonable but that of Dim
mlck's guilt. If was bad enough for Dim
mick to have stolen the money, without
having attempted to take advantage of
this ignorant and inexperienced druggist
from Martinez, Cole, and deliberately: to
scheme to place him in the 'penitentiary.
Oh for a lash In every honest band ¦ ¦ • •
To'whtp the rascal naked through the land.
DENSON SCORES DIMMICK.
The fate of Walter N. Dimmlck, who Is
accused of stealing $30,000 from the. Mint,
is now in the hands of the jury. The
case was submitted to the jurors yester
day afternoon, and as they had been un
able to agree upon a verdict up to 9
o'clock last night, Judge de Haven or
dered them locked up for the night.;.
S. C. Denson of the firm of Denson. &
Schlesinger, special counsel for the Gov
ernment, began his argument at 10 o| clock
in. the morning. The counsel's manner
was impressive. The sophisms of Attor
ney Collins were laid bare as with, the
surgeon's knife/ and the conclusions ,to
which his conspiracy theory would lead
were illustrated in a most convincing
manner. ¦ ,,
"It was by the merest accident, con
tinued Uenson, "that Uimmlck . was
caught coming out ol the receiver's room
witn two sucks o£ gold coin in his hands
a lew minutes before mmnight: Watch
man Ems, whose beat was on the_ upper
noor was to go on auty at midnight, out
on tnis particular occasion he atrivea a
little earner than usual. He too* a seat
in the lower hail near the main entrance
to rest himseii. ana whue so seated. there
jjimmlclt. wno aid not expect to - nnu
any one in tne corridor, came out . wnb
the bags of gold. Tnat was one of tne
occasions on which Uimmick got away
with a part of the stolen *30,WO. KUifc
was the means under Providence of ex
posing the piottings and the wiles of. this
wicked man."
Supervisors Prepare to
Acquire the Geary
Street Line.
Supervisors Act on Fail
ure to Complete
Boulevard. •
Being Unable to Agree,
Jury Is Locked Up
for the Night.
DISCUSS PLANS
FOR NEW ROAD
DEED REVERTS
TO SUTRO HEIRS
DIMMICK CASE
IS SUBMITTED
When apprised last night of "the, fact
that Wolf had been appointed y by. the
Governor, Clunie gave no intimation of a
purpose to hold on, . but rather signified
ISPATCHES from Sacramento
announce that Governor Gage
has appointed E. Myron; Wolf
State Insurance Commissioner; to
succeed Andrew J. Clunie. The
appointment, according to the commission
Issued to Wolf, is to take effect May
17, 1902.
There has been considerable gossip of
late to - the effect that- Commissioner
Clunie "would decline to surrender, the of
fice on the ground that he has one year
longer to serve and on the further rround
that the Governor cannot, make a change
without the consent of the Senate. -
On and after May 1' the main office of
"Wells, Fargo & Co.,' Second, and Mission
streets,, will open at 8 a. m. and close at
6 p. m. The. ferry office, at the foot of
Market. street will be open from 6:30 a. m.
to 7 p. m.
14
, Hale's. __L_J
iropuiar Dtrii» -*5 t# c*# > %
.' First come the SATIN TUCKED . \A
BELTS, -41/2 inches wide, with girdle -^V-— -of*^'
backs, held together in front with J^^^W^
gold, oxidized or steel buckles. , _ +Jt/
Velvet Belts— Plain and narrow, ' ,: y " •
others broad with handsome gold .
\ buckles, still others orna- | QOO «LC2TllOrn
ments in back, some stitched with -. J O
white, all finished with latest" design 1*1 51 f C
. buckle, gold, oxidized or black— 25c. * * ** *¦**
T . ; " Here's where most of the millinery
C*jZ\t\t\x7 O"f"fp'TP< interests will be to-day. Leghorn
"W a 1 1 « y \s * * v, a • hatg are more poplar now t han ever.
What's more delicious and whole- They are splendid, shade and dress
some than these Virginia Sal. O. hats, strong and serviceable— quite
Nuts? We are going to sell them in becoming, too, because they are not
neat Sc packages. • stiff, but have a graceful bend.
The other.special value is To add zest to the occasion we'll
Molasses Chewing Peppef mints. Trim L p $horn 'Sals
Tureandgood-SOcapound. . To L day FrCC O f Charge
M (\ C 1 £* V\T tho" -of course you'll buy your trim^
.MU*71V1 Jf mings of us. *
Lower. Priced. TJntrimmecl Leghorns
" "'. , ' ." — Black ones at 12 y^c, COc.
— 10c Children's at 8c. White ones at 10c, 45c, 91.75,
—12 tic Boys' at 10c. $2.75. : V C; "
-4 pairs Women's 25c. , B1^ leghorns at 39c
. . ¦ — ¦ Trimmed Leghorns $1.75
Good hosiery, too— as good the m^traticm Ab,oTe.)
as we sell right along. 3OOO They are dainty, affairs trimmed in
pairs these "three lines ready chi ? on an .4 fl °* er^ Little more^elab-
v . ... .. . - J orate ones at $2.25 trimmed with rib-,
for selling this morning. bon and flowers.
Children's Hose at 8c. * \t ''"'•%• ¦'•
1200 pairs fast black, seamless, V CllinSTS 2 VU»
,'fineribbed, excellent weight, full ., » •* *
length and elastic; every size 5 to We. are showing now the largest as-
9J4. Regular ioc stocking at 8c. sortment we ve had of Tuxedo and
R nvc » ioi/ e Hnse lOc \ London meshes, in plain and fancy
weight extra long and elastic, binat i ons . COLOBEB CHLETOira
S.«O9?4. . GBEUADIITES, MOTTSSELINE PE
4 Pairs Women's 25c. soie and sewing silks, with
' loo dozen fast black or assorted chenille and figured dots. v
tan cotton stockings, full length, .
without seams, and elastic. *%&
Come before 6 o'clock WW^^^^B
for these goods. We close at six. ""rrr fnnnr
Dry Thin and Falling Hair and Red
Rough Hands Prevented by
MILLIONS useCnTicuR a Soap, aBsisted by. Cuticura Ointment,'
/for preserving, purifying, -and beautifying the skin,; for cleans-
' ing the 'scalp of crusts, scales, anddandruff, and the stopping
of falling hair, ' for softening, whitening, and soothing red,
rough,- and' sore handsj for baby rashes, itchings, and chafings, in the
Iform of 'baths for. annoying irritations: and inflammations, or too free
¦ or offensive "perspiration, in the form of washesj for ulcerative weak-
nesses, and; for. many sanative,, antiseptic cleansing purposes which
i readily suggest theiiiselves to 'women, especially mothers, and v for all
the -purposes ofithe toilet,:bath, and nursery. ' Cdticura. Soap com- _1
binesdelicate^ emollient properties : 'derived from } Cuticura Ointment, #
the great skin, cure, .with the purest of- cleansing, ingredients- and *
the.most, refreshing of flower odors.' No other medicated soap is to
be compared; with . 'it for preserving, purifying, and beautifying ¦ the
skin; scalp j hair, and hands. No other foreign or domestic toilet soap, r
/however expensiye, is to be compared with it for; all the purposes of
theltoilet, bath," and. nursery. .Thus it combines in One Soap at One s
Price,' the. best skin' and complexion • soap, and the best toilet and .
' baby soap in the world. N t - *- < / . -' ;
COMPLETE EXTERNAL AND INTERNAL TREATMENT FOR EVERY HUMOUR,; $1.00^
\ : A*m I • •'•' - ¦ Consisting of C0TlCURA*8bAP, i 25c., to cleanse the ekin of cruste
af^B ¦ 1^3Bt*£Q and scalca and soften the thickened cuticle; Cuticura Ointment,
AU&bVIUu 5Oc « to Instantly allay itching, inflammation, and irritation, and
r". .^^. :. ¦••;'.-¦ J i'v- '¦»;¦••¦, eoothe and heal; and Cuticura Resolvent Pills, 25c, to cool <
l , Tho fiat ffil an<^ cleat > 80 tho blood. A Single Skt is often sufficient to cure
,'^rVr" 1 ; torturing, dlsflguring humours, eczemas, rashes, and Irritations,'
with loss of hair, when all else falls.;- Sold throughout the world. British Depot: 27-23,
Churterhouse Sq., London.., French Depot: 5 Rue do la Pair, Paris. Potteb Dkug and i
Chem. Coup.'; Sole PropB.;- Boston, U. 8. A<r v^';^/V l ~ . ¦ • .
PIITIPIIRA^ RPCni UPNT Pll I C (Chocolate -Coated) V are ¦ a new, tasteless,
, UU I lOUnfl ntOULl Lil I TILLu odorless, economical substitute for the cele-
brated liquid ;- Cotiooba Resolvent, as well as all other blood purifiers and humour
.' cures.',:' Put up in screw-capped pocket vials, containing 60 doses, price; 25c.' r Cuticura
Pills are alterative, 'antiseptic, tonic, and digestive, and. beyond question the. purest. .
sweetest, most successful and economical blood and skin purifiers, humour cures. ac4
tonic-digestives yet compounded. - 1 : ; : ' • ': r': •. • .
FANCY RIBBON. FANCY RIBBON.
25o and 85c Quality FANCT RIB- „- ,,. „ __
BON. 8 Inches wide; cornea In the new- 1 ! 1 ,? T^FFETA or FANCY
«8t Bhades. On sale RIBBON. 3% Inches wide. On sale
19c Yard. 10c Yard.
¦v"-. ¦¦ Bowi tied free. Bows tled free
....SPECIALS....
THAT SHOULD CROWD OUR STORE TO-DAY.
fl 60 QTiaUty AXJ^-OVER L.ACE "WAISTS. rnoccT CfIAn«
or TUCKED WAISTS, trimmed with • ; VUKiCl SW APS.
three rows ot Insertion. OdQE/, Our Corset Department offers to-day all
eale at uOt the popular makes and styles at the fol-
QK« for reenlar $125 CHAMBRAE i'i! rln ! A B i: le ? rlces - Your money back if
Out WAISTS, neatly tucked and hem- after K/ ?° daj S wear n °t satisfactory.
Btltched, buttoned back or front. " 59^ < ' ua i} t y f or • 35c
CO QC; for our $5 00 Quality TAF- jfoo^aU J°?or ?2°
O^»t»O FETA BILK WAISTS, front, $125 qSal ty fo? 'ii7nn
back and 6leeve» tucked; made with ex- « £} ty for il'St?
tra vest portion of silk; tucked and $175 Uualltv for ii
Btltched and trimmed with email Bilk lioo quality tor il"T?
bBttona - *2.oo quality for'.::::::;::' "laoo
CI PSA for DAINTY WHITE PIQUE $3.00 quality for....:. ig'so
V»«OU CAPES; extra full and trim- VFTTTNCC ••»*"» v
med with 3 rows of wide embroidery; »«-11.U1Oj.
lined with fine Marseilles; regular $2 60 OKf yd - for ch "'ce of the latest novel-
value. JZ*J\* ties In CHIFFON and SILK
CO QK for elegant WHITE PIQUE t^Ti.T^ 1^ }?L aXX ?. he new s ha<!es;
OX«^O CAPES: Un«d throughout I 25 Ular , 3oC ,£ nd I *?° 1 u '»ty-
with fine white Marseilles Flannel; cut VftC 7.°^ t Ule ~, latest fad ln COMBS,
very full and trimmed with 3 ruffles of JZZ. J,* Comes Mil all
wide embroidery; regular $3 25 seller. T ,, B * y J !L 1 So ' d elsewhere at 35c to 60c.
women's vests. Ju^ el^ Th vrs e 'srsa? i
45c s? wSoW^n^^s^^ $£' 4o
all colors In White. or Black, at *{>O*9\J
all colors. Saie pr i ce «P9«UU
QKr J OME - VS BALBRIGGAN Ou r «350 quality NECK RUFFS, ln
* ut( VESTS; long or half slee%-es; allk- Black or White, with accordeon
etltched neck; regular price, 40c pleated ends. Extra good <£O Kfi
HOSIEDY. value at $4*DU
|Q r for Women's best 25c quality DRESS SKIRTS. ,
1«7W BLACK HOSE. CO 4.PZ f° r fashjonable -. . DRESS
• ni. for CHILDHFVH ttp-avv «» •<J>O«T'O SKIRTS, made of new spring.
»p;t cite stitched; extra value at $5.00.
DEL! 3ALC. I G?(* AA for stylish DRESS SKIRTS,
APZr 1 for our regular 75c quality < *f M J»W made of VeneUan Cloth or
T5c gJ^SS'^A^S I tir-SSW»S^^S.r%'S
o° Bale at . .. ' V Il^&J^.W and TIES, on sale
1212-1214 MARKET Si.,
f Q n r , Between Taylor and Jones. . { fl fl
lUU E2Dn We're open to-night UU 11 o'clock. '. lUll ' EtMjt) 'C
ADVERTISEMENTS. .. . r ...-_
BAKINCsr POWDER
Imparts that peculiar lightness, sweetness,
and flavor noticed in the finest cake, short
cake, biscuit, rolls, crusts, etc., which ex-
pert pastry cooks declare is unobtainable
by the use of any other leavening agent
Pure, healthful, highest in strength*
-¦OVAL BAKING POWDCR CO.. 100 WILLIAM ST., NEW YORK.
r lSi$ii ADVERTISEMENTS. "'--' U':
KitclienUtenals
: HAYING THIS c
(burned in the enamel) zxcSafe
We claim Purity and Safety, and
substantiate this claim with Chemists'
Certificate. ' . .
-Nots the blue label used by ns (and
fiilly sustained by recent U. 8. Circuit
Court decision) to distlngufah our
absolutely puro Agate Nickel-Steel
Ware. This label is pasted on avexv
piece of genuine Agate Ware.
A full assortment of these goods for tale by all
the leading DEPARTMENT and HOUSE
FURNISHING STORES. «wusjs.
BookUt Showing facsimile of our UB*I, tie.,
frte fa any address. 5
LALANCE & GROSJEAN nFQ. CO.
SIW YOXK ' BOSTON CHICAGO
_ ARE- -SAFE. -
"Tips &<£&*&"
• AT|fSg^nt : Tipple for
Five o:C lock Te^3
:• ''-jtl^PouiJ
K0NA HOFFEE K0NPANY
' Jole AjenU
145 S tOCKt On Stn^r Geary
;Opp Citj/ of ?*ria try Goods Comp»ny
¦ ' Te 1» fhone B»>Jh 51O
*^WteU Strengthen Your Eyes
sf§ljdk&kiu£! Wlth GEORGE MATSRLE'R
grw3E3S!eaarSe German Eye Water. 00c. at
, 1071 Market at. TeL Bouth
1 j££>i£?£&i~ ' 572. None genuin* without
. ¦"W«j»V. this trademark.