'Continued on .Page* ThreaiTs
Continue d - on ' Tage ;Three ';
; WASHINGTON. March 13.— It is prac
tically settled that the Twenty-nintn In
famtry.' now at San Francisco. ! will sail
for the Philippines on the transport Sber
idan about April 1.
Will Sail on the . Sheridan.
PARIS, March "Journal des^ Dc
bats^tq-dayT; says 'that'- it- ; learns that '• a
French column in the Lake Tchad district
of i -Africa/which. 1 defeated "Chief/ Rabah's
son ¦ has since met with serious opposition
froriv- the ->Senqussi-* tribe.'' No 'details of
the, fighting have been. received, but It is
known ' that • in > an .', engagement near "the
capital of the'district of "Kanem'a'Fferich
was. killed/ ¦-.>- ; ...
Tribesmen Fight ' the ; French.
DELEGATES ARE THANKFUL.
Boers Acknowledge Aid of the I>utch.
Irish ' and " Germans.
NEW "YORK, March Wol
roanns and Wessels, the Boer envoys,
will sail for France to-morrow ¦ on ' the
steamer La Gasoogne. Wolmarans said
to-nigrht, in the course of an. interview:
"Since we have been in this country it
L&£ been e aid that our alliance, with' the
/ -'. ;•..:•./; /. ',_! ¦, irierid 'of the missing man ;
."arid^ his ifriend Garratt. " ; She knew .Smith
vvery. /.intimately, 1 _ arid ' •was 1 , interested
enough , his .welfare to.be an occasional
'correspondent. Vof . Garratt she ; claims ' to
•: know; Httle;^; Mrs.' Hamilton says' she' only
krio'-ws^nlmlslightiy.' ' . : ¦ " ... / - ": ¦ ;'-.,
/•/When} seen. yesterday at' her. home Mrs:
?Jjtam'il£onljtalked /quite"-' freely. \ She told
TniuchJabout-'Smith that she had learned
jduring^an 'acquaintance' covering a perioij
iofjOycr'Wty^an^She'said:' . '-/ ; " ;• , • '
I ; r-amyqul'te. certain ' that , Mr. , Smith : has • been
'done; away "¦ -with/ or,; has met - some •; fate which
.prevcnt&^hlJTi ; from ' putting jin^ati appearance.
,He ;i was , sober; stea-iy-going : man" and j not' in'
theflea^tt bltMhclinecr- to be; erratic.-.' I'dori'.t
think jic* was airian who woulcfcommk suicide.
Of.' Garratt -1 (have -littlo to say'/ He was a" pe
cullar:sortJof'ft'irian. »'I 'don't' think lie -waa as
'.steady ''aaj .Mr":0mltta. -JAtTall * events' he^dld not
have • the .manners,- ctlucatibn .'or.'jxjlish .ot;Mr.
;6mfth.,Th'eyfB0t,a!ong real well •' together,' tow
'ever.', and '..when;; cither of/ thorn ¦ wa.s ' short -. of
ifnoriey* they ''had r'no'rhesltancy. about "dividing
[their .funds. ; , with-Mr.' Smith wer»
'Blmplyjthoa'e.or.-a.frlend.- y-' .' " t ; ' i- ;
i^lCfnet [ him^.firit f about a year' ago/; Then ' hi
'ropnTe'dt arid' boarded it- the' same'; house 'that
'|J<1.'V:;.}V>; jf^e'dTat' 319 ' Mihpa' street* Mr. -,Oar
[rait carrir,,.there;t.o,room : but : he Forily ,r«maln° I
r 'HJ< v irat-a job.in the;CosmoVolltan Ho :
• ''"¦' '' JB " Mt RS " } JE:>INIE ' HAMILTON,
v •/.;¦- 71 /M ;•<¦' wh o lives at". S430 "Sixteenth
¦'¦¦ I m/ ; m '¦ ¦ 3 t r ? ci> ' QuUe"certa!n 'thatl
* I '"'" W'^'M-''' S™^ has been done ' away /
"'¦A. '.;^r,,vJsLy.;with. She was,' a- mutual*
pelled to seek' other.'empioyment.^He, took
a ) room af i635 • Market street,, where vhia
actions attracted: attention; i/.He,rernaiTi6,d
i there seven'; days',/ arid ¦; on 1, Wednesday tot
last weekgave.up his-room: with the: an*
nouncementj that -he, could- make 'no 'monoyV
in' San \ Franqlficp] arid that ' he .Intended?. tp ;
leave ;f or , Mori tanai;- He 'carried a' rnyst'e-'
fious'.buri'dle^in'.hls larnis"^ while '"tiie '^x
pire'ssrnari'? took •' h'is/trunk--' to '"1 ferry!'
where .helwas^rejoiried' by. Garratt a 'few
minutes/ later. .- /Latham; -, the :¦; expressmaia;
Eaw_*Garratt.2^he~ck*^
point in • Nevada, ; received 'his } fee. and ? de
parted. ¦/-'¦¦]\ _ : .!;'i :'.'.'¦• "'. ¦", .' : ,"•-¦. j ¦ •'.'•; ;*. .- -, «»..
VGafratfs^statemerits* as ftp -his employ -| : .
merit 'durlng.'the.-flrst^week of,, the' : : present,
month -were false.^-- He. 'claimed; to .bcVm-/
i ployed'atfthe'Palace-"grin;arid at- th*e 'Hotel'
'Pleasanton. "¦ Investigation' shewed ' that ho*
Vas/ riot/ known ; at ycitheri'piacc. '/It; h"^a
went i on'., any- ¦¦_ trip'.- -about- . .the -\city
when off- duty.^.Ona- table werefoundfhia .
eyeglasses, -'.which ['• he {¦, invariably' -i'usea.';
The. appearance .'of i the room J was jthat' of
any' whlchris temporarily /left' by an occur*
pant who "designs; to! '_returh. immediately.''
It , is thisjpecuiiar. ?/ circumstance -'whferi;
disproves y. the '^belief ,"; if -' it- .^exls. ts, /} that j
Smith.; took } a «; sudden '-notion ¦ to ¦ commlt'i
suicide, and ¦ that j acting upon an _ impulse
of ; that; character ; lie -¦ proceeded to : carr'ylj
it ' into lmrn'ediate'.executlon.": l . . . - . J :*
A -MYSTERIOUS /BUNDLE, .i V
Garratfs. connection '¦ with ¦ Smith as/^iU
friend ' has 'already. > been explained. - : Gar
ratt is a'.walter and. he worked 'for a time
atfin^^HaySj^^arfe>i^rya^uTa^^^^*ffi
business^changed hand's ;" about the flrst.'of .'
the curfent'montHiand'Gari'att'wascom'.
; PRINCIPALS V IN; LATEST ?• DISAP-;
'PEARANCE--MySTERYr*AND, THE
¦;•-¦'¦ -PLACES? BEARING THEREON.'/ |
Smith was ; a /man of studious tempera
ment-and of 'excellent moral 'habits. On
Friday, the 7th hist,, he ; ,told" his associ
ates at the* Palace! that, he intended that
afternoon- to' visit 'the park in, the, com
pany ott&r friend. He went to' hlsf ro'orri
at 837 Bush r street at 2:30 o'clock and spent'
a. few minutes -In his room/ among his
books', He, was heard to whistle to him
self, cpd. a. few minutes later he went: to
the dining-room, /where" his landlady,' Mrs/
Kate Mackey, was seated,' and presented
her with a bunch' of violets. A He discussed
the state ; of the weather -with | her and ex
pressed the belief that : it would fain>diir-,
ing the afternoon: He'announced his in
tention of going to the theater on the fol
lowing Tuesday- evening, arid = offered < Mrs'.
Mackey - two/ scats to the -Columbia 'If of
I that evening, Baying he intended to, go to
jFiscTher's. . 'He re-entered his own. rborri
, and l.flve minutes v later left . the :\ house)
. rieVer ' to^ be, seen again : by any one (wh5
¦^knpws \ him.'; On .. his ' bed ¦ were \ lying his
_gloves arid*: in ; , -the ..closet- was /his
overcoat, without, which : he -never,
The developments of yesterday tend to
strengthen " the . belief fi that Smith was
murdered and that. Garratt may know
something . about , the affair. | Garratfs
connection with the missing. man, hiscon
duct prior and to I Smith's 'dis
appearance.and his hasty N flight from the
city serve to cast grave suspicion upon
him as being in some manner responsible
for the . disappearance of the man .whose
friendship' he enjoyed. At all events ef
forts /will be made to apprehend him,'- and
he will be ; given an opportunity" of ex
plaining I away . certain facts - which ' point
to.hlm in ;nb uncertain light as the; man
responsible for/ the strange vanishment
of the young" Palace Hotel employe.
SMITH'S VANISHMENT.
' * ¦' " Palace Hotel; 'all ' of ¦ Which";
lead irresistibly to the conviction that he'
was murdered. ,as '• related, exclusively
in The Call, /created "a: sensation/ yes
terday., The peculiar circumstances 'con
necting j a ' waiter: named Samuel A. ' Ga v'r
ratt with the. missing man, and hia' flight
in j great haste to some unknown point in
Nevada! five '.days; after Sriiith dropped out;
of sight, are-engaging the attention of the'
detectives a.nd a/ searching . investigation
of the -facts' brought to light by The Call'.,
is now In progress. ¦ . ;
A w'A HE publication of :-:the my:*"-f
&l y y terious" facts in: connection V
& '¦ ' w 'th the disappearance " on!.
W the 7th inst. of Hal .Smith,;
¦¦JBL; assistant storekeeper "of "the'i
"'Kill the man behind me, doctor,'. I
cried, 'before you look after me.' The
Filipino. was four paces in the rear and
the doctor killed him. He then came back
to attend me. The* pain was very slight,
for the force of the" blow and the sever
ing of the nerves had benumbed the sense
of feeling. The doctor performed a skill
ful bit of surgery, and' I was able* to ride
back to Nasugbu', . fourteen miles: .'. Dr.
Meade's care saved my arm." - . •
Irish has hurt. our cause. On. the eye of
our return we. must deny? that statement
and declare that the : alliance has ¦'¦ been
profitable to us both on the battlefield and
by the fight which is\ being waged for us
by the Irish members in .the English Par
liament. First, we _have to -thank, the
Dutch, next the Irish and then the/Ger
mans. We also know, that: the people of
the United States are with us -heart; and'*
soul and we believe that ' a"f ew words : of
sympathy from £ he United- States"; Senate;
and House' of Representatives 'would- go j
a great way. in ' helping- us with . the' na-J
tions of 'the Old World."'
"I raised my left hand to protect my
head. He struck twice. The first dut laid
open my elbow 'and the second cut sev
ered arteries and some of the nerves and
tendons at the' wrist and passed through
the ulna. I turned and ran. I held up
my wounded arm. Behind me followed
the bolomen. The first man I. saw. was
Dr. Meade.
~"As soon as the rifleman had the'ad
vantage I clipped from my saddle, but he,
too, missed lire, and 1 rode him down.
I attempted to kill another man. with the
butt of my pistol. He dodged, and then
I hurled the revolver at his face. At the
same time he raised his bolo and brought
it down with both, hands. . -" • ,
BOLO IS WIELDED TWICE.
"At this moment Private Hewison came
up. I rode into the gap in the bushes
and there saw the entire party of-Fili
pinos. I reasoned that there was nothing
for us to do but fight. Just then a big
fellow in red started for us. "There is
your man, Hewison,* 1 shouted to che.
soldier, and Hewison pursued his man
down the canyon. I then rode up and
with my revolver began the attack. I
killed three men. The fourth, time I
pulled the trigger there was no discharge.
Then I remembered that I had fired three
shots over the head of the guide 'v.ho
would not answer my questions.
"Word was brought to us," said the
lieutenant to-day, "that a party of in
surgents had pillaged the town of Lian,
a few miles from Nasugbu, in the prov
ince of Batangas, where my regiment, the
Fourth United States Artillery, was sta
tioned last . November. • Captain H. B.
Smith took sixteen, men and went alter
the insurgents. With his command were
James-J3. Meade, then contract surgeon,
and myVelf. There were in the band 105
riflemen and 150 bolomen. On account of
my knowledge of Tagalog, my guide arid
I were somewhat In advance of the rest
of the party. He 'suddenly stepped from
his horse and wriggled through the grass
backward as though he were a ' snake.
STOBY OF THE ENCOUNTEB.
It is said on good authority he has. been
recommended for promotion on account
of his gallant .service.
arm, - by • the skill of ' &' contract surgeon,
was kept intact, and the lieutenant is' here
to have the ulna nerve sutured. He will
go to Washington, in a day or so where he
will have an operation performed. ;
NEW YORK, March 19.— Lieutenant
Louis Joseph Van Schaick, who was drop
ped from the class of 1S99 in the fourth
year at West Point because he couid not
pass in mathematics, has returned from
the Philippines, where he has been suc
cessfully trying equations with bolomen.
He fought fifty of them single-handed,
killed three and held the others until the
arrival of reinforcements. The fourth
man,' whom he encountered while the oth
ers were popping at him' with their rifles,
almost severed his arm with a bolo. The
Special Dispatch to The Call.
' 'After some remarks by Randall, Sulzer
and Cochran of Missouri the Sulzer reso
lution was voted down, 32-35, and the
Randall resolution was then unanimously
adopted. In pursuance' of the' action
taken* at the caucus to-night a resolution
will b« framed for introduction in the
House, and hereafter the Democrats - will
do everything in tbeir power to secure ac
tion upon it.
"Re«olved, That we, cs Democrats, and
representatives of the people, will use
our utmost endeavor to force the commit
tees now dominated by the Republican
party, having In their charge' resolutions
similar to these, to report the same back
to the House, so that the Congress may
give expression thereon, declaring the
sentiments and will of the American peo
ple."
{'Resolved, That the United States
should fairly and honcrably maintain a
position of strict neutrality In this con
test between nations friendly to us, and
«ee to it that the neutrality laws are vig
orously and impartially enforced.
"Resolved. That the Congress should, in
the spirit of amity and friendship, appeal
to ihe British Government in the Interest
of humanity, to accept overtures of peace,
cease hostilities and endeavor to bring
about a Just and honorable settlement of
existing differences, to the end that peace
may.be established.'
"R< solved. By the Democratic members
of th»> House of Representatives of the
frilled Stairs* cf America. In caucus as
s.mbled: That the Congrrps of the United
States should, by resolution, express the
sympathy of the l.'nijr d States for. the
jv-ople of tho South A fr!ran republic and
iJ.e Orange. Free State in their heroic
struggle to maintain their liberty and in
dependence.
IN INTEREST OF HUMANITY^
The Randall re?b!uticn was as follows:
States should maintain a strict neutrality
between the contending forces."
"Resolved, By the Democrats of the
House of Representatives of the United
States of America, in caucus .assembled:
That we sympathize with the Boers in
their heroic struggle to maintain their
liberty and independence, and protest In
the name of humanity and civilization
against a continuation of warfare which
outrages the feelings of all liberty-loving
people, and that we shall use our best
efforts to have the Congress of the United
States, being committed to the principles
of arbitration" for the settlement of inter
national disputes, request the President
to urge upon the^ Government of . his
Majesty the wisdom of adopting this pol-
Jey for the purpose of .stopping the awful
atrocities, new going on in South Africa,
end that the Government of the United
VIEW OF SULZEH.
Representative .Hay of .Virginia presided
at the caucus and Representative Itobert
-? n J3 ff f _L-C"M «**""* a-ct»d as secretary: . The
attendance was large. There was no divi
sion of the sentiment as to the course to
be taken, the question' presented being
simply one of choice between two resolu
tions, one offered by Randall of. Texas,
and the other by. Sulzer of New York.
The Eulzer resolution was as follows:
WASHINGTON. D. C. March 15.— The
Democrats of the House at a caucus held
to-night unanimously adopted resolutions
declaring that Congress should express
the sympathy of the American people for
the struggling Boer rep'ublics and pledg
ing themselves to use their utmost en
deavors to "force" the committees to re
port resolutions expressive of such sym
pathy. If only that Congress may have an
opportunity to act.
Epedal XMspatch to The Call.
Kennedy said, there had been sugges
tions in that direction. He knew nothing
of his own knowledge about the purchase
of $11,000,000 or $12,000,000 of Great , North
ern stock by Hill. He understood the
stock was purchased, but he did not know
how much. He purchased 10,000 shares
himself.
HABBIWAN- AND SCSOPP.
The examiner next turned his attention
to. the election of Harriman to the direc
torate of the Chicago, Burlington and
Qulncy Railroad Company. Kennedy said
he could not give him any Information as
to why Harriman was elected a director
of the Burlington.
"Do-you know when Harriman sold hU
Northern Pacific stock to J. P. Morgan?"
asked Lancaster.
; "In the autumn, I believe," replied Ken
nedy. •
"Do you know that at the time their
names were proposed for election on the
board of directors of the Northern Pa
cific^ Company the relations between
Echiff and Harriman' were -.very much
strained?" asked the examiner.
Kennedy answered that he did not,
know It.
, During hia examination to-day'Ken
nedy said that the object of the. Northern
Securities Company was to protect the
holdings of the Northern Pacific against
such an attack as occurred here last
spring, and which resulted in the panic.
He said that originally it was the Idea
to pool the Northern Pacific stock only.
"Was it the purpose of you gentlemen
to place the stock of the Northern Securi
ties Company on the market for miscel
laneous purchasers?" asked Attorney
Lancaster o( Minnesota, counsel for Peter
Power, who la the plaintiff in the pro
ceedings.
"I cannot remember that any such, thins
was ever discussed or suggested."
"Was it not your Intention- to acquire
other property besides the Northern Pa
cific and the Great Northern?"
KENNEDY'S TESTIMONY.
Seme of those' in the financial galaxy
who are likely to be sworn later are: K.
H. -Harriman. J. P. Morgan, William C.
Rockefeller, H. McK. Twombly, James
Stillman, James H. Smith, D.* Willis
James, • Samuel Thome, Daniel S. La
mont, E. T. Nichols, George F. Baker,
William P. Clough, George C. Clark, Ed
ward D. Adams, Nicholas Terhune, Eben
B. Thomas, Brayton Ives and Henry W.
Cunnon. •
Jacob H. Schiff of the firm of Kuha.
Loeb & Co., who represented the Harri
man interests in the great struggle for
control of the Northern Pacific that re
sulted in a panic in Wall street last May,
la to take the stand at 3 o'clock to-mor
row afternoon, and George W. Perkins
and Charles S. Steel of the firm of J. P.
Morgan & Co. are to be examined earlitr.
NOTED MEN ON THE LIST.
By order of Chief Justice Fuller of the
United States Supreme ¦ Court subpenas
have j been issued in -the name of the
President' of" the United States, calling
for the appearance of the directors of tho
Northern Pacific Railway, those of the
Northern Securities Company and other
interested capitalists. A beginning waa
made to-day when John S. Kennedy, the
banker, philanthropist and director or
trustee in a dozen financial or trans
portation companies, was on the witness
stand nearly two hours.
NEW. YORK, March 19.— Proceedings
that may be far-reaching la their conse
quences were begun before Special Ex
aminer Mabey in this city to-day In. one
of the suits brought to test the legality of
the Northern Securities merger, that
masterly alliance consummated by the
geiiUjs of James J. Hill, and against
which 'President Roosevelt and Attorney
General Knox have" trained the batterie3
of Federal law.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Morgan, Rockefeller
and Harriman to\
Be Heard.
Determined Efforts to
"Force" Action by
Congress.
The. treaty's opponents .to-day held a
meeting.' which was- largely, attended, sev
eral ". members^^6f; ¦'> the -Landthlng being
present.- * Fresh ; proposals were submitted
to ; start a direct'. Danish West Indies line
ofisteamefs and to establish large .sugar
plantations. v The meeting subscribed 3,500;
000- cro,wns for:', the . enterprise." The ob
ject bt j. the meeting • was . to . influence the
Laiidthlng's tleclsion; ;
> COPENHAGEN," March 19/-rThe ' Land
thing,' the ; upper, house.' in committee of
the whoie'amT in executive session, voted
to-day to ratify 'the treaty- providing for
the- sale of the Danish West Indies to the
United, States. After this -action there
will be two readings, one of which is to
be in open session.' The first of these
readings'.ytill riot take place before. March
25. 1 " The bpponeiits of the. treaty are play
ing for delay,; but the measure Is "now as
sured of a. majority of two votes in 'favor
of ratification.- i . ' ¦ ¦ -.
OPPOSITION IN DENMABK
Secretary Hay says thaf any talk of
bribery or the improper, use of Influence
in ¦* with ~ the negotiations 'of
this treaty ; Is nonsense \ pure ' and : simple.
Gron has failed' to. make any impression
whatever; in Washington. The report al
leged' to "have been made by Captain
Christmas is so preposterous that even
General Grosvenor was only '. momentarily
stirred by it. He at- first declared "that It
was a,, very. serious matter 'and made one
or two : visits .to the Secretary of State
in behalf . of Gron and then dropped the
case. '-. t r 'l. >•";.-.•¦-...'. . ¦ . • - - ' .
( In this alleged "report Captain Christ
mas .-said he had to bribe large numbers
of Congressmen, various " press associa
tions and friends and relatives of, promi
nent politicians', some of whom, are
named. ..Not 1 having ' any. money with
Which to carry but .these contracts, the
report alleges that he. did the bribing on
credit and that he made an arrangement
with the Danish L - Government by which
he was . to get 10 per cent of the entiro
purchase pr!ce| out of. which he was to
be compensated, and also pay .the sums
he had promised * to -various American
Congressmen, newspaper men and friends
and relatives of public personages.
ALLEGES VAST BEIBERY.
¦ Untll-iecently-hewas a strong advocate
of the sale of \ the "Jslahd3 to the United
States, and. he "is. one of the person3
who 'brought about' the negotiation' of the
treaty in 1897, which' fell through owing to
the Spanish-American War! ; Gron a3
scits that he- changed his position and be
came, an opponent of the sale" of the Isl
ands through the publication in Denmark
of a report, made by Captain Walter
Christmas,' formerly a Danish naval offi
cer, who was brought into the negotia
tion.of the present treaty .through Sec
retary Hay. Gron- has an alleged copy
of the report, whithhe has. been showing
to' newspaper correspondents, and he ha3
also shown it to, Senator^ Hoar and.Rep
resentative' Grosvenor.
island?, to trie-United States by. having
Congress : fail i to; appropriate" the • $5,000,000
purchase money" He has' no credentials
dr ; letters -,of .introduction, claims { to
repf esOT£ Awhaf r he > <it£les<fthe •''no ; sale
party"' f^Denmark ¦;/ > -',;'._' ""
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET, N.
W;, \ WASHINGTON, March 19.— Niels
Gron, -from Copehagen, Denmark, has
been 1 . In Washington for several days, en
deavoring to arouse opposition in Con
gress to the purchase by the United
States 'of the Danish West Indies. Gron
desires to defeat the plan to transfer the
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Stories Are Classed as
Nonsense by Sec=
retary Hay.
Says Congressmen
-and Others Get \
;. the Money.
On the List of Wit
nesses Are Promi
nent Financiers.
Bravery Displayed by
Lieutenant Van
Schaick.
Kills Three of Enemy
and Then Is Cut
Down.
Caucus Agrees to Aid
Two Struggling
Republics.
Taking of Evidence in
One Action Is
Begun.
Democrats of House
Show Sympathy
for Boers.
One American Stands
Of f Band of Fifty
Filipinos.
TESTING
MERGER'S
LEGALITY
Niels Gron Opposing
££ Transfer of West
ALLEGES
BRIBERY
IN SALE
BATTLES
AGAINST
BIG ODDS
Belief That
:i:CrimS^liM^e^:.
Committed;:
Claim 7s Madhfhafl
'His Recprd' 1$ \
* J-V-, Not Good;* \ ' I
Detectives Searching
for Garratt the
Waiter
EXPRESS
WISH TO
END WAR
7^ HE^developments yesterday following- the exclusive presentation by The 'Call of the '['startling, facts in connection with the.' fa on Friday, the yth inst., were of a
character tending to show that the missing man zvas. foully dealt zvith: 7:^ ' , ; : , l " l Jt - * t u ~ '., '¦-'''¦/ ' ' '•' Y .
The connection with the case of Samuel A. Garratt, a waiter ; ivhoivqs a friend of; Smith's, andiprchimabl^ the day . of his disappearance, becomes more mysterious as
the investigation of the facts proceeds. Garratt told a number of falsehoods to' friends after the fact of 'Smith's disappearance ivas'made kiwwn, a departed suddenly for Nevada, after telling his landlady
that his destination, was Montana. He carried a mysterious bitndle which he guarded jealously/ arid that he had a trunk which he: checked for Nevada at the
ferry this statement may be regarded as an evasion of importance to iht i issue. \ — \ . '; ¦'•; ' ¦¦' I Y'Y .. • ' " : v '"."'- Vc *¦*''¦•¦ .''.': •;"".• --'.•,-:•,•;¦"" '
It developed yesterday that Garratfs reputation ivas not of the best. Itfivasalso asserted -that Smith had tii'o money i orders in- his possession- : on; the day he disappeared amounting to nearly $200 together with about $50 cash. - The pos
session of this money coupled with his mysterious vanishment may furnish a motive for murder. At all' cz^ Nevada last night. The interest in the
case is becoming widespread, and the impression prevails that Smith has been foully dealt zvith. V^ .; " \-h ¦'¦' ~'+- : ~\<--\ .'.':/¦¦>'¦¦¦¦'-<¦ ..^ J'^'&l
NEW DEVELOPMENTS TEND TO SHOW
MISSING HAL SMITH WAS MURDERED
VOLUME XCI.-NO. 110.
The San Francisco Call.
PRICE FIYE CENTS.
"SAN FRA^CISCOi : ; TO 20/1902; 1New; Class of .War-Vessels.
' LONDON. : March .19.— At the spring ; ses
sion'; of-, the '.-'Institution; of :i Naval ''Archi
tects .here 'to-day,? the [president,' 1 , the"' Earl
of ;. Glasgow, ,; announced.'; '.that, .the Ad
nilralty, had decided to create a new class
ofiwar^vessels. to be known? aa* the scout
class, r somewhat ' after the; type of; tor
liedo-boat: destroyers,", but : of greater • sea
power.;;'/ • \-\. ¦_¦ ¦ /•,:.¦¦ ¦"*'¦'
,; PARIS., March; 19.— Santbs-Dumoht ..to
day ¦ accented I an 'invitation from "the offi
cials, of :the St.* Louis Exposition to; go to
Str. Louis,- assist the ; authorities ' in the
organization -of the proposed balloon con
tests and , select ; a ? site on which to erect
a.. balloon shed for .himself. >The aeronaut
will/sail. tfor^New^York'.on • the; steamer
peutschland-Aprll 4.- He win not: take a
balloon 'with him. 1 ' '.- ' ¦ I ' "
Santos-Ihxmoni Will Compete.
Rioters Are'^ Sentenced.. ' : ;..'.:,
. ST. ;PETERSBURG, March . 19.^Eighty- ;
seven * ot the 'persons who i were" ar restod
liere, -Sunday; last for.' rioting" 'have I been
sentenced'to -three; months , Imprisonment.
'inc prosecutions of. the ringleaders ar6
still -pending. - , :-¦:'¦ « - . :.<
carefully/; , Individually,-; most ;."; of '; those
present ¦ expressed "¦ a' desire to \ carry ¦' : th«
contest to. the floor.:'of; the House; iiuis
considered deBlrable',- however,'- to I take no
action until all of those wlw voted; In s lh«
conference against reeiprocity s were ! called
Into , conference. , ¦ This ; meeting. * will ;•¦' be
held, later; Jn the .week. - ; Beyond this de
cision no action -was taken. ;¦• . -'•¦ : " • •• ' '.
Counsel for. the, Countess told how the
.De la i- Warns visited South Africa in 1S99
and returned in 1900, since when | their re
lations; had been " most: unhappy.' Last
June the respondent 'left the family man
sion arid'had not since lived with his
wife.';^. . /./ ;.-¦ ., y. ¦¦
•' lnj December the ) Countess wrote to
"My Dear,Cantelupe," Inviting him to re
turn and restore her all her .wifely rights^
The EaEl'B. reply was prompt and^uncom
promlsing.; ..-¦¦ : ..¦¦ . , . • '. :• . *¦ .
¦-"My dear Marie," . it ; began, "I' . have
come : to the conclusion thaf. it will be
much. better ;lf we live; apart, -and I have
finally ¦; decided notito. return > and ;? live
with. you, .'-I. have no explanations; to' give
of the reasons. for my. decision."
: The Countess went into the witness box
and gave Just; sufficient 'evidence of her
husband s desertion, to .justify, a decree
Jor the' restitution of her conjugal' rights.
. .>Tlie-; Countess: de' la Warr Is a daughter
of . Jjord B,rassey. /She was 'born In 1872.
Earl; de la Warr was, prominent- In the
Hqoley, . Company , promotions, ¦-:"'•- which
caused * financial , sensations , in i\ London
some years ago. , He. was, born in 1869.' •> .
LONDON, March 19.— The divorce court
to-day granted the Countess de la Warr
a decree providing for tne restitution of
her. conjugal rights. The case was not
defended. .>
; : Spooner of Wisconsin coritended that the
Government had an absolute and inherent
right to protect- itself against -, assaults
made either upon Jtself: or .upon any.of
its Officers.'- He maintained^ that" an as
sault on the President was in -the '.very
nature of things an "assault ': on'- the
tion, for there never was atime when the
President. was not in the exercise of du
ties of .his • office.- v. His. argument -'was
largely • legal' and. constitutional,- -and
throughout was 1 forceful and .entertaining.
-¦jHpiar, in charge of the measure, eluci
dated some arguments he had made pre
viously, and Teller of Colorado and 'Bailey
of 'Texas spoke.briefly upon the bill. The
Texas Senator 'said, he could: hot support
the measure as it stands, because h,e could
conceive < of- -an .'assault • made upon ' ¦ the
President as A'person and not as,an ofli
clal of the Government. -The .assailant, in
that event'.ought to be punished", precisely
a^ ; if he had ; assaulted ajiy -other' citizen.
: sfhe' House to-day, mucje fair.: progress
with the river and harbor 6111.'. v< After; the
close of general ' debate ; twenty-seven j of
the 116 pages of the- bill were disposed of.
Na amendments were -adopted.'- The! gen- :
eraV.debate to-day-was featureless. ;':•;'.;":'
WASHINGTON.' March ; 19.— During the
entire session, of the Senate to-day,., the
bill*- providing for the -protection . of . the
President of the United States was, under
consideration.. ; : - , •. , ' ,. : ;
The President shall have power, and It shall
be his duty whenever he shall be satisfied, that
either ' such immigration ;-or exclusion laws or
euch agreement mentioned In this act '. are not
being' fully 'executed by. the- Government of
Cuba, to notify such Government thereof, and
thereafter shall be levied, collected and paid
upon all articles Imported from Cuba tho full
rate of duty. provided by, law; upon articles im
ported from foreign countries. - ; '; •
The steering. committee of the element
which has opposed the Ways and Means
Committee reciprocity: plan met. this' aft
ernoon at the call of Representative Taw
ney.of Minnesota, chairman of*the.""com- :
mittee, and with several; other. leaders in
the movement,', canvassed / the situation
WASHINGTON. March 19.-Chairman
Payne of the Ways and Means Committee
to-day introduced the following bill, .en
titled."To provide for reciprocal trade re
lations with Cuba*." as a result of the Re
publican conference decision last night:
That for the purpose of . securing reciprocal
trad? relations with Cuba, the President is
-hereby authorized, as soon as may be after the
establishment of an Independent Government in
Cuba and the enactment by said Government of
immigration and exclusion laws as fully re
strictive of Immigration as the laws of the
United State?, to enter Into negotiations \ with
faid Government, with a view to the arrange
ment of a commercial agreement in which re
ciprocal and equivalent concessions may be se
cured in favor of the products and manufac
tures of the United States by rates of duty
which Khali be less . by an amount equivalent
to at least £0 per cent ad .valorem upon such
products and manufactures than the rates im
posed upon the like articles when Imported into
Cuba from the roost favored of other countries
and shall not be greater than the rates imposed
by the United States upon the like articles im
ported from Cuba: and whenever the Govern
ment of Cuba shall enact such immigration and
exclusion laws and shall enter into such .'com- 1
merdal agreement with the United' Btates and
. shall - make such concessions In favor of ; the
products and manufactures thereof as aforesaid,
and which agreement In the Judgment of the
President shall be reciprocal and equivalent, he
shall be authorized to proclaim such facts: both
as to the enactment of | such Immigration I and
exclusion laws and ¦ the making of . such agree
ment, and thereafter until the first day of
December, 1003, . the. imposition of . the duties
now Imposed .by law -on. all" articles Imported
from . Cuba, .the products thereof intoV the
United States shall ' be suspended and ' In lieu
thereof shall be levied, collected and paid '.upon
all such articles Imported ; from Cuba 80 per
cent of the rate of duty now levied; upon like
articles imported from foreign countries. ;5- ¦ -
¦^ '¦¦¦¦¦ ¦: ¦ '¦ .--. ¦.;:- : -'
Debate .Continues on
Bill for President's '
¦ Protection. . ¦¦&§
Ways and Means Com
mittee Submits New
Measuro;;;
¦¦••> -v ¦. ' ¦".. . . ¦•-. •:. . . .
Wife of Earl De LaWarr
A.pp e ars in Lon
llt v don Court.
NATION MUST
HAVE SAFEGUARD
LONDON. March 19.-The House of
Commons" to-day passed the second read
ing -of the aged pensioners bill, granting
deserving: poor persons a pension offroiii
5 to -7 shillings -weekly at the age oJ 6
years. It is estimated that the sum of
£10'.000,OOQ willV be required annually to
pay. the pensions, the national exchequer
and the Jocal ..authorities., each, providing
half.the amount required. -As the Gov
ernment'at to-day's sessio.n declared it
could not prpvide its share the scheme is
not likely. to become effective.. ¦ :
Aged Pensioners Bill.
WASHINGTON. March 19.— The Post
will say to-morrow: 'It is understood that
ex-Senator ' Wolcott' of Colorado is- being
considered by the President, as the possi
ble successor of Secretary Hitchcock,^ who
It Is understood will soonratlre from the
Cabinet..- Wolcott was seriously consid
ered for. the Interior portfolio at the time*
of McKinley's second inauguration, when
It was thought probable Secretary Hitch
cock would retire. At that time it was
also understood he was willing, to accept
the honor. \ , . • ¦'
-. ' The ' d-eath '-. of the brother of. Secretary
¦ Hitchcock on. Tuesday ¦coused" the rumors
that" the -Cabinet member* from Mtssdurt
was to retire to bn more persistent than
for several days. . It is believed. the atten
tion-of the Secretary will now.be in de
mand at home in settling up his brother's
estate. ... -"..¦_... '."
Portfolio.
Spoken Of for. the Interior
Former .Senator From Colorado Is
WOLCOTT MAY HAVE - ~:'\
PLACE OF HITCHCOCK
itusso-French Declaration.
ST. PETERSBURG, -/March 19.~-Tfie Ot-
to' predict, and he thought .the . powers
would only finally decide this question
"when the actual' siftiation requires: it. -.
-..'-. : Rebels Win New Victories.
HONGKONG, March 19.— The rebels in
the- southern provinces continue to crush
ingly- defeat the imperial- troops' sent to
subdue them. General Ma and Marshal
Su .report . that it. 1 , is impossible -to sup
press, the ' rebellion with the troops 'at
their disposal; and the Viceroy pf Canton
has requested Yuan Shi Kai, the Viceroy
of Chili, to send reinforcements .overland
from Chill. The imperial troops have
t»een defeated at Sekshlng, in Kwangtung
province, -and .. Popak, in Kwangsl pro
vince. -In Yuannan province -the rebels
hold the town and district of Foochuen,
twenty; miles 'northwest of the prefectural
town of Yuannan. They also have cap
tured the town of Liuchou, in Kwangsl
province, ' and- the- town of .Yungnlng, in
Kwelchou province. ..•• . -' . ,'.v
COUNTESS TELLS
OF MARITAL WOE
¦The >- allied Russo-Frerich governments' ' are
wholly pleased to discern that the Anglo-Jap
anese -convention ' supports the essential prin
ciples which, according: to the reiterated statp
merit of France ' and Russia, constituted and
still constitute the foundation of their polity.
Both "governments believe that the support of
these principles is also a guarantee of their
interests in the Far ¦¦ East. They are . com
pelled, however, not to lose from view the prob
ability of inimical action of other poweis, or a
repetition of disorders in China, possibly, im
palrlne China's integrity and free development
to ths detriment of their reciprocal interests.
They, therefore, reserve to themselves the right
tp;.take to defend these : interests.
"The prefatory- remarks say that Russia
desires the maintenance of tho status quo
and the attainment of complete tranquil
ity.'irt the Far East.'
'¦ >'. '.': : . r ' ' ¦¦/ . - ' ¦¦ : . ' .• • ¦ . ; .
.ficial. Messenger to-morrow will print th<
text pf a Russo-French conjoint declara
tion, sent March 16 to the Austrian. Bel
gian, British, American. Spanish,. Ger
man, Italian, Dutch, Chinese. and .Japa
nese, governments. . The declaration is. at
follows:.-. •:• . •- .. ¦ j ;«. . > ,
' EUROPEAN AULIES .WHO; DECLARE THEY ARE PLEASED WITH THE ;•
V ANGLO-JAPANESE TREATY, BUT INTIMATE THAT THEY INTEND '
; TO PROTECT THEIR OWN.INTERESTS JN THE FAR EAST.*. '. ' '
FAVORS A PLAN
FOR RECIPROCITY
It devolved upon the powers to assist
China in carrying out these articles, but
the United States wa's : unable to take any
action in the absence of legislation au
thorizing the President to forbid the ex
portation of arms to China. ; The article
has consequently never been observed,
and munitions. of war in large quantities
have been Imported Into the empire. Some
of this material is believed to have fallen
into the hands of the rebels, , who are ap
parently using it to good advantage, j
France is particularly Interested in the
rebellion because her sphere of influence
comprises the vast southern provinces of
¦ China, and as^she has large . missionary
and railroad Interests therein she may'
find it necessary to interfere ' for their
protection, and this will reopen the entire
: Chinese question. As a representative of
! one of .the powers said to-day: ' .¦
! "The Western governments . cannot • be
I continually dispatching-- troops ¦ to China.
; but some other mcans'musf be. -devised
! for the protection of foreign Interests,"
1 What this means will be he was unable
Condition Is Not Observed.
'An imperial edict -has been : issued for
bidding said importations ; for • a 1 term of
two years. . New. edicts- may .^be-.issued
subsequently extending this by other suc
cessive terms of two years In case the
necessity is recognized by' the powers.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET.
N. W., WASHINGTON. March 19.
Because of the tremendous inter-,
national consequences of its suc
cess, this and European govern
ments are following with -the deepest in
terest the. progress of the'., revolution in
Southern China. There is a disposition In
diplomatic circles to charge the United
States, Great Britain and Germany with
portlal responsibility for ! the victories
thus far won by jthe rebels. . Despite . the
efforts of certain powers. these. three gov
ernments, failed to take any action'look
ing to the carrying out. of the first article
of the peace protocol signed last Septem
ber at Peking, which prescribes that
China has agreed to prohibit the importa
tion Into Its territory of arms and ammu
nition, as well as of materials exclusively
used for the manufacture of arms and
ammunition. " ¦;".;.'•'. •'¦¦'*.' ' : .
Dr. Silva left Washington yesterday for
New York City, whence he will sail short
ly for Colombia.
The revision of the protocol proposed by
Dr. Silva. the retiring Colombian Minis
ter, embodying the terms : under which
Colombia is willing to cede to the United
States the rights incident to the building
of a Panama canal, has been completed
by Dr. Concha, the new Minister at Wash
ington- It is stated that the protocol will
be submitted to Admiral "Walker, chair
man of the Canal Commission, before the
end of the current week, to be by him
turned over to Secretary Hay. It is etated
that the protocol, as it now stands, does
not differ very materially from what it
•was when about to be presented by Dr.
Silva.
Under the title thus acquired the new com- '
pany took up the. work and continued it until
«. large part of Us capital had been expended.
It would become necessary to ralsa funds .for '
the completion of the canal from the public
By this time, however, a new danger menaced
It in the announced intention of the United
States to build an isthmian canal. Investors
could be Induced to furnish money only by the
prospect of a profitable return. But if the
canal mutt compete with one built and main
tained by a Government which could and would
dtereg&rd all questions of profit the chance ot
a profitable return was gone. It would not
pay to complete the canal, and therefore money
could not be raised to complete It. As an en
(rlr.eerlng proposition the canal was perfectly
feasible and was attractive; as a commercial
proposition the certainty of the. competition or
the United State's made it impossible, except
under the- auspices of Governments which
might, for public reasons, acquire the canal
For the second time it became necessary to
consider the means of saving something from
this property, .r which must be wholly lost If
the canal were not completed. Since the com
pany could not raise the money to complete
the canal the only practicable course wai to
cell the property. ' i . -\. ¦¦
The title of the new Panama Company to
Us concessions and ether property appears
from the facts and documents which have been
laid before the sub-committee and Is clear and
Jree from any complications. For a transfer ]
of its concessions . to the United States • the |
consent of Colombia is required, but this con
cent has been given by the Government of
that country ac fully as it can now be given.
In case of purchase of the canal by the United
States different concessions and different rights ]
must be obtained by treaty between this coun- |
try and Colombia, and such a treaty would j
necessarily Involve a consent to the sale by !
the company of its rights and property on the
isthmus to the United States. Such a treaty
Colombia has shown end declared Its readl- I
ness to make. In every other point . the right
of the new Panama Canal Company to transfer ;
it* property to the United States is perfectly >
clear. Every link in the chain of its title" I
and every step In the course by which it be- i
came In a position to sell Us property free !
and clear, Is plain and satisfactory. . . j
The report then reviews the entire origin !
and history of the Panama Canal Com- 1
pany, and finds that the affairs of the old 1
company were disposed of by a French
court in a straightforward way when that !
company became insolvent and that the j
court had a perfect right, not only to ap- i
point a liquidator or receiver, but to con- '
ler upon him, as was done, power "to !
grant or contribute to any new company !
all or part of the corporate assets." !
The various objections to the new com-1
pany's title are then .considered and re-j
plied to. The following explanation is!
made of the reasons why the new com
pany should desire to sell:
The minority report, which was pre
pared by Senator Kittredge, completely
upholds the title- of the new Panama
Canal Company, as will be seen from the
following extract which constitutes its
opening paragraph:
Government was in the travail of Its birth.
Unfortunately the report of the Isthmian
Canal Commission reveals the fact that the
men who made this offer are chief among
those who defrauded these six or eight hundred
thousand Frenchmen of $250,000,000.
Speaking further of the obligations of
the new company to the old the majority
eays:
.If Mr. Eiffel and his associates get $40,000.
000 from the American people it is weii that
they are sheltered from the claims of these
defrauded and despoiled bondholders and stock
holders by the alleged despotism of French
courts. They would never escape Justice in
American courts and would be compelled to ac
cousn for every dollar of the money to the
bondholders and to the stocks bearing inter
eft before applying any of it to the profits
of their speculation.
The objections of the majority to the
title held by that company are based
largely, on the relations of the canal com
pany to the Governments of France and
Colombia, but the committee also dis
cusses at length many other phases of
the question. Among these is the relation
of the shareholders who subscribed $260,
000,000 to the old Panama Company, whose
Interests, the report holds, cannot " be
lightly regarded. On this point the report
says:
The spectacle of the United States Congress
authorizing the President, as ths agent ot
our Government, to conduct a trade with such
a corporation (the new Panama Canal Corn
pany) without consulting France as to the
claim of independence it (the new Panama
Company) asserts will be entirely new in the
history of nations, and its consequences can
not be lightly disregarded.
Among those is the serious danger of the
United States being drawn into disagreeable
relations with a large and influential body ot
the worthy people of France, whose friendship
for us has been cherished during the entire
life of our republic and had its origin in mag
nanimous sacrifices tor our country when this
. ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦¦¦ -
WASHINGTON. D. C. March IS.—Sena
tor Morgan, from the Committee on Isth
mian Canals, to-day presented to the
Senate the majority and minority reports
of that committee on the question of the
validity of the title of the new Panama
Canal Company and its right to transfer
the Panama canal property to. the United
States for $40.000,000. ••.. c "'' ¦ . /
HONOLULU. T: H., March 12.— In the j
second trial of the case of the. United
States against the Honolulu Plantation;
Company, a suit to condemn lands for the
r earl harbor naval station, ex-Judee K.
D.^Silliman yesterday* during the argu
ment, delivered a severe arraignment of
tne policy of the United States toward the
Territory; of Hawaii, continuing his criti
cisms Until he was stopped by Judge Es
tee. ;:.> : , '¦
The case was tried before and. tt verdict
Of Jipo.OOO for the defendant's lands was
given by "the jury. Judge Estee set It
aside as -excessive, at the same time oi
fering to approve a Verdict for J75.U00, if
the defendants woukl accept that sum.
This was refused and a new. tria.1 was or
dered. ,
Judge Sllliman replied in bitter, terms to
a statement of United States Attorney J.
J Lmnne to ihe eitect tnat tne .United
atates was establisning- the naval station
tor ' tht» benent largely of .Hawaii, wad
spending muco money nere and was enu
tied to a iair verdict. He said tnat tho
United btates was not: establishing tno
Aiation tor tne benent of ttawan," but- tor
the nation's purposes and as to tne spend
ing or money ne sasd: - •
/ -The United - States is taking a million j
and a half a year away irom Hawaii in;
customs dutied and ougnt to spend it \
nere. The naval station is -not ¦ for . the |
benefit of Hawaii, but lor the defense or_j
the i*aclhc Coast. It will be a »name and
an outrage it the national Government
gets this land -for one dollar less than tt
la worth. 'The national supreme Court
has said that the surest test of the hon
esty of the Government is the manner in
which it takes the property of citizens un
der its right of eminent domain, and u
will be an ineradicable blot upon the na
tional honor if it can be said that the
United States forced any citizen of this
Territory out of his property, and did not
give him fair value for it." • • -V-'-«
Judge Silliman stated that he was born
an American and was a lover of his coun
try and its institutions, but that he did
not thfnk the United States was treating
Hawaii rightly. He bitterly criticized thu
proceedings in the Pearl Harbor cases ii3
having be-en conducted in a spirit of un
fairness to the owners of the land. He
proceeded with a long ' discussion of . al
leged causes of complaint and wa^ im
pressively stating to the jury that tho
honor of the United States was on trial in
the proceedings in its behalf to condemn
land, when Judge Estee called him to or
der. • ' '
"Don't talk about the United States."
said the Judge. "Talk about your case."
United States Attorney ?Dunne also
made an angry protest against Silliman's
line of argument and the latter resumed
discussion of the evidence. Late last
night the jury returned a verdict for $102,
523. . United States Attorney Dunne took
an exception to the verdict and will move
for a new trial on the ground that it is
excessive. ". -
The Kona Sugar Company has aa far
found no way-out of its difficulties and
Judge Humphreys has made an order di
recting the receiver to advertise on March
15 a sale of all its properties for the satis
faction of creditors. The action -for the
appointment ot a- receiver was withdrawn
and a petition was presented -asking for
the discharge of the receiver. This was
approved, subject to the payment of the
expenses incurred by the receiver In car
rying on. the plantation and a fee of $1000
for - himself and attorneys. So far ths
sum required, amounting to about $6500.
has not .been forthcoming and Kona is. at
a standstill, with a crop of sugar cane
worth $200,000 in danger of being lost.
William Auld, one of- the best known
Hawalians in the islands, died early yes
terday morning after a long illness. He
was a member of the Board of Health,
having been appointed by Dole after the
Senate refused to confirm some other ap
pointments . of the Governor's, and . had
held rrany 'prominent positions under ths
monarchy-, to which he was loyal to' the
last. He was a thirty-second degree Ma
son and a Mystic Shriner. . He was 59
years of age. '. - - ¦
Assailing .of United States
Not Permitted in
Hawaii . .
Doubt
New Panama Corporation's
* Title Is Still in Some
; Otis tnen detailed the circumstances at
• tending r the .capture of Iloilo, the off «r
of ;the Spanish General Rios to hold the
place aguinsc. the 'Insurgents, pending the
arrival, of' "United, dcatea troops ana the
capture of tne town by- the -Visayans be
fore the arrival: , of the "United States
forces; Agumaldo, he said; was overjoy eu
when he learned tnat the detachment nad
been sent out because he (Aguinaldo) de
clared that the Ural -shot wuuld be tired
at Iioilo which would .' bring on war be
tween- the .United States and the insurgent
forces..-";. !•" ; ... .-.,.-.
(Senator Patterson asked General Qtia
if the idea of: the Filipino people regard
ing/the hopes and aspirations for inde
pendence, was a mistaken one.
"No.,", said General Otis, "Agulnaldo
had his ambitions. And he was sent over
from Hongkong for the. purpose of driv
ing the Spaniards out and then attack
ing the Americans, I suppose. We have
the papers of the original junta."
In response to Senator Carmack he said
that he had no plan of action in contem
plation In the event that the fight had
not occurred that night and that the
treaty had been ratified the next day.
although >a plan could have been found
very quickly.
"No man ever worked harder in , the
? interests of peace than I," said the gen
eral, "but if the United States troops had
attacked the Filipinos and driven them
out of the city when they first got there
it would have been much better."
• The trouble in Luzon, General. Otis said,
was caused by the good men being over
thrown' because of fear of assassination.
VWas the Filipino army there -for the
purpose of -plunder?!' asked Senator. Pat
terson.. ... , , -
"Yes, I think they were going to try
to drive the Americans into the sea." ;
1 "Simply to convert ttemselves into rob-
I bers?" asked Senator Patterson. • -,
|. "Made up largely of robbers, yes," rc
i sponded .Generaf,Otis^ . '
. "When you. were qommunicating with
Aguinaldo," . inquired Senator Patterson,
"as the general In command of the Fili
pino forces, did: you at heart believe him
to be a robber and a looter?" • ¦
General Otis declared he did not say
Aguinaldo was a robber and a looter. He
characterized ' him' as much better than
the majority of the Filipinos. In money
matters he. believed Aguinaldo' strictly
| honest, and then, bringing his fist down
i on the table. and speaking with great em
rphasls, .the. general .said: "In duplicity
I lie has few .equals." , • :.-: .',.,.. V.
' Senator Patterson made' a sarcastic re
'¦ mark that. Agulnaldo had "a- gocra many
illustrious colleagues." Asked- by Senator
McComas about the assassination of Gen
eral Luna. Otis said there was no doubt
that this was Aguinaldo's act: .• :
"My opinion of justice," remarked Sen
ator Patterson. "Is that you should briri?
here the man who is accused of assassi
nation.".. ' • ' ;.: . .- '¦¦ • . " " :•;;'
. In. the discussion which followed he said
they, did not mention the fact that - tne
towns -immediately,- adjacent to -Manila
were not a portion of the city. He classed
as. ridiculous Aguinaldo's request.- to . re
ceive apportion of tne northern part of
iuanila occupied by, tne Spaniards in traae
lor sometmug.in me soumern part of tne
-city, hem ijy.tne insurgents. , ,
ueneral-utis said tnac* Agulnaldo had
demanded of General Merritt the right to
occupy ;¦ tne palace and to mane appomt
ineius in the- civil government, which
caused General -Merritt -to cable \Vaan
lngtoh ! tor instructions. The . reply was
that-- there -must • be- no dual occupation
ot Maniia; ¦•¦'.• . . ¦••_;
WASHINGTON, March" , 19.— General
Otls : . continued-;hla- : testlmdny "before tne
Senate Philippine Committee to-day. in
ferring to: his orderof September 8, 1S9S,
directing the withdrawal of the insurgent
troops outside the defenses; of Manila,
General ; Otis explained, that, a commission
from'Aguinaldo's cabinet' visited him. .
Senate Committee on
Canals Presents Two
Reports.
Agumaldo's Skill m Duplic
; ity Is Vigorously h j
Defined.- A
Judge) Estee Sharply
Rebukes an Abusive
Former Manila Com
mander Makes More
Comment.
COMPANY'S
RIGHTS ARE
QUESTIONED
SETS CHECK
ON LAWYER'S
CRITICISM
OTIS SCORES
THE FILIPINOS
CHINA'S SERIOUS REVOLUTION
CAUSING VERY GRAVE CONCERT
¦¦¦¦' •-. - ¦.-¦•¦¦¦.¦: -¦ '¦ ¦ ¦ . ¦f^B/w 1 . ¦ ¦ ¦ 'wSm&-
Because First Article .in the Peking 'Peace Protocol Is Not Carried
Out, There Is a^isposition'to; Charge America, Great Britain
and Germany With Responsibility for Recent -Rebel Victories
2
/ To Cure a Cold: in One Day ' .
Take Laxative Bromo-Qulnine . Tablets.*;; All
drugglsU refund . the ¦ money if ; It ; falls to cure.
E. W.. Grove's signature U on each box. • 20c. _
Without exception, at all the leading
i\^Dt f*#*.*r - is R-i H * fl fl "¦ ¦ w ' B « ¦ ¦ • ¦>
Stands Foremost.
; 'i^^w^sM^^ ¦ . uiiiy uic D£_>i
-.¦...¦ '.. -'..-¦ . . • .¦ ¦ • ¦ - •
PAINE'S CELEBY COMPOUND.
Promptness in Using
PAINE J S ?
CELERY COMPOUND 1
Means Quick Restoration
to Health.
IT IS THE GREAT SPRING MEDICINE
USED IN THE HOMES OF OUR
BEST PEOPLE. - -
Refuse All Substitutes and Imitations That
May Be Offered to You. " ,,
If In the spring time people acted with
more promptness, decision and wisdom;
suffering and misery would be vastly re-
duced. ' • ¦ -
To put oft the work of regulating and
strengthening the nerves, purifying the
blood and regulating digestion at this
time of the year is a very serious mis-
take. . ;v- ¦
.Bun down, weak, nervous and diseased
. men and women cannot with safety re-
fuse to use Paine's Celery Compound, the
greatest of vftalizers and health builders.
The onward and triumphant march of the
great medicine In this country and other
civilised lands should be positive proof
that it is the right, medicine for all who
look for strength, robustness, energy and
permanent health.
It is of the greatest . importance .that
every sick person should get just what
they ask for from their druggist or deal-
er. Palne's Celery Compound, so cele-
brated for its curative virtues, has many
vile imitations.. If you are offered a sub-
stitute or. imitation by any dealer, leave
his store and go -to some hone3t merchast
¦who will give you -what you ask for. Ex-
amine wrapper and bottle and see that
the name PAINE'S Is on each; no "other
is genuine.. _^
ITS EASY TO DYE '"^S?
STATEMENT
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
— -OF THE- —
ConnecU Mutual
LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY
OF HARTFORD. IN THE STATE OF CON-
necticut. on the 31st day of December. A. D.
I 1901. and for tho year ending on that day:
made to the Insurance Commissioner of tha
State of California, pursuant to the require-
ments of Section 613 of the Political Code of
.aid 'State. ?%£&
1 Net value of Real Estate owned
by the company $11,919,375 31
Amount of Loans secured by Bond
and Mortgage on Real Estate... 23,331,113 SI
Amount of Loans secured by
pledge of Bonds, Stocks or other
marketable securities «a col-
lateral 2.300 00
Premium notes and loans Jn any
• form taken In payment of pre-
miums on policies now in force. . 697.032 91
Cash market value of all Stocks ;.* .
and Bond* owned by the Com-
! pany • 26.733.363 73
Amount of Cash deposited In •¦> . -^
Banks 1.105,870 23
Interest due and accrued 900.712 62
Rents due and accrued ,.10.£U 2S
; Net amount of premiums. in-Dro- .' , ' . ,
ces. ot collection. ar»d of de- iTj^^"
i erred. premiums^ ; 334,440 2>
Tour Assets $65.277.179 21 ,
• LIABILITIES.
Claims for death losses and ma- '
tured endowments, due and un- . ¦ „
paid -'•"- • «JO.l33 3Q
Claims for death losses and ma- - v V-, ;*
tured endowments tn process of
-adjustment, br adjusted but not
. d_kA *. . ..,...•••••••-•••••••• 14o»7S0 00
i Claims' 'resisted by the Company. . 20.000 00
Net present value of all the out-
t . standing policies, computed ac-
cordine to the Combined Expe- .
rfe-ice Tables of -Mortality, with
four per cent interest 04.277.637 CO
Amount -of- all unpaid dividends '
To policy holders. ...:.. 1.101,493 21
Additional reserve by Company's 8__flL
A Btandard. Am. Table 3% per
c| nt on Insurance^ since _AprU 1.
AU other liabilities '..."_. 195.073 91
¦ Total Liabilities <58.266.133. 63
• INCOME. . ~~7
ra«h received for premiums on
i new policies during the year.... $403,656 67
1 Cash received for renewal of pre-
¦ • mlums during the year "4,680. 61S 73
r-atn received- Tor sale of annuities 15.783 09
Cash received for interest 2.527.105 4S
1 Cash received for rents.:.: ». 437.621 10
! Cash received t from all other
sources 88.603 i3
Total Income $8.182.473 83
• EXPENDITTTRES. - . *
Cash P*ld * or l° sse 3 and matured .
C *endowments' • r ..... **.*&.™ M
Cash paid to annuitants 4,22# 87
! Paid for surrendered policies B34.217 45
j Paid for' dlvidenda to policy hold-
CommissVonVpaV* to agents...... ' ' 402)703 SI
Salaries and other compensation
of officers and employes, except
agents and medical examiners.. 161.013 34
Salaries and traveling: expenses of
managers of agencies. : .-.,. . . . ... is.500 CO
Medical examiners' fees and sala- : . ¦
rles • 23.972 S\
Cash paid for taxes. ... 226.858 6T»
Cash paid for rents .... ?. 8,373 68
All other cash payments ...... '549.734 27
•¦':•¦' ToUl- Expenditures during the
,'-¦ year : $7,872.91123
PREMIUM-NOTE ACCOUNT.
Premium . notes and other
premium obligations at
beginning of the year.. $763, 861 90
Total •••••• J763.861 90
Deductions - durlns tho
year, as follows :
Amount of notes and oth#r
premium obligations . v
used . tn ' payment . ot
losses 'and claims;/. ..;. $13,91973
Xmount of notes and other . ;
premium obligations
used in purchase of sur-
rendered .policies «,4S7 34
Amount of notes and other
- premium obligations
used -In payment of div-
idends to policy holders. 29.070 S3
Amount of notes and other li_*»«_f_a
premium ' obligations
rWeemed . by, maker In ¦¦
Total redoctlon of Pre-
mium-Note Account ' $66,823 99
Balance,- note assets at . . . ..•¦-•-•.•
end of the year .: > $697,032 9t
:¦' v.v» 'JACOB L. GREEN B.'- President. :
.' HERBERT. H. WHITE, Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 10t_
day of February. 1902. - ¦-. r -c 1
• NATHAN F. PECK. - -
Notary Publlo. "
PA. K. P. HARMGNi
' ; . SUPERINTENDENT -
PACIFIC COAST AGENCIES.
F?. R. NO YES,
GENERAL AGENT,
SO-S 1-32......™.- MILLS * BUILDING,
- SAN FRANCISCO. CAt.
The Weekly Call.
$1 per Year.
Lippitt & Fisher,
945 Market Street.
LADIES'
WHITE KID SANDALS
for 90c.
At this time White Kid Slippers are
In vogue; they are simple and digni-
fied; they can be used for all sorts of
dress occasions and do- not cost -as
much a« they did years ago. We will
sell a Ladies' Turned Sole, one strap,
White Kid Sandal, with bow, plain
coin toes and French heels, all sizes
and widths, for 90 cents A PAIR.
Remember the place. . .
BIPPITT& FISHER
945 Market Street.
We <Hve Trading Stamps.REPRODUCTION OF LARGEST. CHECK EVER ISSUED) IN THE HIS
TORY dF FINANCE OF CALIFORNIA, GIVEN YESTERDAY BY BAL
TIMORE SYNDICATE 'IN; PA YMENTf FOR MARKET-STREET ROAD
WASHINGTON, March 19.— The Presi
dent has decided to give another nomina
tion to J. H. Devaux, the colored . Collec
tor of Customs at Savannah, Ga.
Colored Han Remains Collector.
WASHINGTON. March 19.— Tha • Secre
tary of the Interior to-day sent to the
Senate a draft of a bill providing for the
enlargement of Yellowstone Park. In a
communication accompanying the bill he
says the extension of the park boundaries
is necessary to protect the same in the
park.- ,.-,:¦'- •'..">/-. .•-^-•\;i;v./ --;.--.''*-::
To, Enlarge Yellowstone Park.
WASHINGTON, March 19.— By direc
tion of the President, Major General Mac-
Arthur was to-day assigned to the com
mand of the Department of the Lakes
with headquarters in Chicago: Brigadier
General Frederick Funston to the com
mand of the Department of the Colorado
with headquarters at Denver, >and Briga
dier General William A. Kobbe to the
command of the Department' of Dakota
with headquarters at St. Paul, Minn.
These changes will take effect on the
25th Inst.:
New Commands for Brigadiers.
High "Winds at New York.
NEW YORK, March ,19.— High north
west winds, which had swept over this
city since early morning, increased sud
denly this afternoon and blew in gusts
with a velocity of between forty-eight
and seventy-two miles ah hour. This
equaled the gale of February 2, which
up to to-day was the strongest of the
year.
In the evening the wind slackened, un
til at 8 o'clock its velocity had dropped ta
thirty-six miles an hour.
The . gale practically stopped shipping
business in the harbor and . towing linca
made no effort to shift vessels or to do
any other work during the afternoon.
Negro Murderer Is Lynched.
NATCHEZ, Miss., March 19.-John
Woodward-, the negro murderer of Leon
ard Cal vitt. a white planter of Union
Point, Concordia parish, Louisiana, was
lynched early to-day withfh 300 yards of
the parish prison in Vidalla, La. The mob
gained admittance to the jail by claiming
they had a prisoner from Catahoula par
ish. Woodward pleaded for life, but he
was taken to a tree and hanged. The
negro had stolen some cotton from Cal
vltt on February 17. He confessed the
theft and promised Calvitt to make resti
tution if the latter would go to his
(Woodward's) house, and Calvitt did so.
but when he appeared the negro killed
him. /
Demands a Minister's Impeachment.
.STOCKHOLM, March 19.— There was
some excitement in the Second Chamber
of Parliament to-day owing to a demand
made by Adolph Hedln, a. Liberal mem
ber, for the impeachment of the Minister
of Finance, Count Hans "Wachtmeister.
The grounds for the Impeachment, which
were not anounced, were delivered to the
President of the House in a • sealed en
velope. The matter was referred to the
Constitutional Committee.
Hetty Green's Husband Dead.
BELLOWS FALLS. Vt, March 19.—Ed
ward Green, husband of Hetty Green,
known as the richest woman in America,
died at hia home here to-day. He had
been ill for a long time ot a complication
of diseases.
At 2 o'clock the Bradley building, used
as offices and dormitory of boys, was in
ruins and the flames had attacked . the
manual training building. The engine
sent from this city had arrived and was
playing a stream on the flames. Th«
nearest telephone to ' the institution is . a
half-mile. 80 far as can be ascertained
no lives were lost. The origin of the fire
is at this time unknown.
At -1:10 a. m. the boys* building col-'
lapsed. The building in which the.tele
phone was located was on fire and one of
the guards who was answering the tele
phone declared that he must run, as
the* heat and smoke made it impossible to
remain. The institution was erected at
a cost of $100,000.
LEXINGTON, Ky., March 2O.-At 1 a.
m. the local fire department was notified
that the School of Reform, located six
miles from this city, and in which 287 chil
dren are confined, was in flames." The in
mates are thought to have all got out
safely. A fire engine^ was sent from the
city. • • ,
Be Safe.
Young Inmates of the Insti-
tution Are Said to
Nearly Three Hundred
Children Escape From
the Flames.
Beginning : of the New Century Sees the United Railroads of San
Francisco Take . Place of the Market-Street Railway System;
With ;Era of Immense Improvements in the Service Promised
This is a very little world. I may see you
again soon. It is hard' to tell Just what I
will do. Good-by. Respectfully,
JENNIE HAMILTON.
Dear Friend " Mr.. Smith: I just returned
from a trip to Oakland. The country looku
fine; wish I, were going to live there the rest
of my days. I suppose you remember of my
saying to ; you - about tanning. Yes. that is
Just what I would like to do. but wilh a
few thousand dollars one cannot do very much.
The balance of my money has not yet come and
I believe It would be unwise to Invest until
the remainder is in sight, at least, so it seems
to me. So I am at sea. so to speak, in re
gard to what course to pursue.
Naturally one would be a little shaky about
investing ' money. . I may go to work again for
a short time. I dislike an Idle life so much.
I must do something. , I happen to be one ot
those strange creatures that* cannot be Idle. If
I; leave the city will, not get out to Mrs. Hu
bert's March 5 to see you. I wrote to you that I
would stay, at home Wednesday evening. Feb
ruary 19. to see you. I stayed at home Wednes
day. Thursday. Friday and Saturday evenings,
expecting you • would call. ¦ as I did not hear
from you. -Well, it is all right, it Is not to
be, so be it. The evening you called to return
the book, it -that stupid man only had man
ners enough to invite you in the dining-room
I would have seen ' you. Of course I saw you
at: the corner of Twentieth and Castro that
evening, but did not" think about calling at
Sixteenth. - as I knew you were going to call
on Mrs. Hubert with your friend. .
I have not said anything to Mrs. Hubert
about what I am to do, neither do I Intend
to any./ jnore than to call and say good-by
Monday, March 3. I judge from the tone of
your letter of February 25 that you have very
little confidence in me because I failed to let
you know where I was. Well. I explained
all • that in my last letter to you. 'I did not
think that your faith was so easily shaken.
Hardly expected that from you, believing you
"to be much superior to the average man. So
I think it best not to make promises. In case
anything should happen you will not again ac
cuse me of not keeping my word. My motives
have been the best, although you misconstrued
them. . - ¦ . . ...
The following is a copy of one of the
letters written to Smith by Mrs. Hamilton,
which was found on the dresser in his
room on. Bush street: ¦•"
}- 3430 Sixteenth street, March 2. 100i
MRS. HAMILTON'S LETTER.
¦,- p.. . »
tell and moved his trunk there. Subsequently
I moved to my present home and saw little of
Mr. Smith until about three weeks ago, when
I met him on the .street. We chatted for a
while and he asked it he could call on me. I
acquiesced, but when he called the first time
through an error ot a party who opened the
door he was allowed to go without seeing me.
He wrote me several letters and I answered
them. The"y are the ones which were found ln
his rooms and are purely of a business nature,
relating to the Investment of my money. A
•week or two ago I 'saw Mr. Smith and Garratt
going up Twentieth street, near Castro. They
were going. to call at Mrs. Rubert's on Castro
street, who was quite friendly with us all.
The last -time I saw Mr. Smith he was in
excellent humor. He talked glibly and blithe
ly and seemed- to. enjoy, his usual high spirits.
I am satisfied that he had no love entangle
ments that would cause him to make away with
himself. 1 He may have been ln love early in
his youth, but if that is so he never men
tioned it to me. I am quite at a loss to ad
vance any motive for a murder. He had no
enemies that I know.cf and he had absolutely
no troubles. 'He was a thrifty man and always
had. a little money saved up.
FIRE DESTROYS
REFORM SCHOOL
HAND OF THE GIANT SYNDICATE
CLOSES ON TROLLEY AND CABLE
¦CAPE TOWN, ; March 20.-A bulletin, is
sued ' at midnight ¦ last ' nigh t said that ! Ce
cil Rhodes haa taken nourishment; that
he was slightly stronger, and that at that
time • ho v was sleeping. ...
Cecil Rhodes Is Better.
England, ..March 19.— The
steamer .Elbe, i having on. board {the pas
sengers .of -the, disabled ;Cunard steamer
Ktruria. : which lef t> the • Azores 1 March 15,
passed, the Lizard, at 2:45 p.m. to-day.' >
Has Etruria's Passengers.
CHICAGO. March 19.— -Attorneys' repre
senting the , Kansas" City-Chicago railroads
and W. A. Day; representing the Govern
ment, wllU hold a; conference here to-mor
row, or- Friday with: a view- to reaching an
understanding regarding, certain phases of
the- proposed litigation seeking. to secure
an observance.' of .the provisions of th«»
Interstate commerce act; , : ¦
Proposed Railroad Suits.
: Mr. * Lindegren -says a waiter by the
name of Clancy, who worked and -roomed
with both Smith and Garratt. called 'to
Bee him' yesterday to Inquire about Smith.
Clancy said' 'that, -he "knew- Smith had
money;; for/ he ; was , very saving and often
sent .money orders > to t the ¦, Postmaster of
Clovordale i to invest for him/ and , that he
also had some estate In the East. Clancy
said' Smith .was a fine fellow and. he liked
him very 'much.'! but Garratt was no good
-"He was the best man I ever had," said
he.>, "Always; attentive to hl$ business
and inever^ late :to -his 1 work. A Smith is 'a.
man with no bad habits, as far as I know.
He was .very fond of, books and "read, a
great deal. He has of ten taken his books
and : gone ' to ; the ', park , alone, to read , and
I don't think he ever took a drink. When
I /met Smith? Friday ; morning > I remarked
that I thought it .was going to rain. 'and
he replied, that 1 he was. very sorry, as he
wanted • to , go to :.the park in the after
noon. 'I thenasked him if he. was going
alone, \to whichhe replied that he usually
went alone, but' this time he wa« going
with a friend. -He-, went 'on. to' bay that
while watching a' parade Thursday. night
some, one-, called* to him. .He •„ turned
around and Y_ found it wa» • an , old ¦ friend
of , his whom he: had worked with- up 1 in
the northern . part of . the State and they
had .made an appointment, to go to the
park; together Friday afternoon". Smith
failed : to give ', the name of his friend and
where they. were to meet." .
George Lindegren, the head storekeeper
at the -. Palace Hotel.' ,' when ' interviewed
yesterday stated .that he knew; Ha!
Smith very well, 'he found him to be a
fine i fellow, "well liked by all.
Storekeeper Lindegren of. Palace
Speaks Well of Missing
Hal Smith. f
KNEW YORK, , March } 19.-The Tribune
will say to-morrow: The Collis P. Hunt
in&ton; estate, now being inventoried by
tne State tax appraisers, acting with the
Charles ,W. Tweed ind Isaac
,v\. Gates, will amount to' about $28 000 000
or . J29.000.000. The transfer tax wiFS
proximate $800,000. This is : the unofficial
information " about . the , schedule . of proD
erty left by, Huntington.
not h o r flP°A 0f the State appraisers will
not be filed for several months. • It is un
derstoodI.that the delay is due in laree
part to ; the . overhauling : of claims and
notes o against < friends of vHuntington
These amount to an; astonishingly large
fw 1 •* i V w J l A; 8ald '" and are ¦ ln su^h shape
that it is difficult for. the. executors to tell
how' much/ they are really .worth. The
major, items in ;the schedule of assets
have been known for a long time. ¦- ¦* .
w££«JT£ in8r V th S Tribune's . informant
Huntington loaned , personal friends a
great deal money, -much: of. which is
not collectible. /The scheduling of the es
tate. . said this authority, ¦ "showa tha t
Huntingdon's ' heart promptly, responded
to appeals for assistance."
HUNTINGTON ESTATE
> HlttET IN BULLIONS
btate Tax Appraisers in New York
' Busy With Schedule of
the Property. .
WAS A MODEL
BUSINESS MAN
Socially, Smith was a favorite. He had
pleasant manners and was a good conver
sationist. Whether" lie had any female
friends other than Mrs. , Hamilton is not
known. He ¦ was . reserved and./ seldom
thrust himself forward. His habits were
of the best; and he discharg-ed his duties
faithfully at all times. -It-was these traits
that' endeared him to his fellow- workers
and because- of his qualities his associates
ipcline to , the theory that his ; disappear
ance can only be explained on the theory
of foul play. >
the people's Interests • and bring about their
social, salvation. , . ¦¦:.'¦
LOXDOK. March 19.— A dispatch to the
Exer>a:ige Telegraph Company from Con
nan rirjople says: The Turkish Govern.
m<T.t has fiatly refused the demand of the
"United St3tes for the repayment of the
fjm of money 072,5001 paid to the brig
ands es a rsnsom for Miss Stone and
JlE^anifi TFiika. tmiitmi
Turkey's Hat Refusal.
CHICAGO; March 19.— Knights of .Pyth
ias from all parts of the country will
have a jubilee ?athcrinp here to-morrow,
th« lodges of Illinois. Michigan, Wiscon
r'ri ttp.4 Indiana acting as hosts. Ar
rarjrements are being mado to receive
eu^sts. Senator Beveridge of In
diana and Governor La Follett<» of Wis
consin, who are to be initiated, will be
aracng those in attendance.
Jubilee of Pythians.
Numerous Notes \ Made by. Smith
Shzv/ Admiration for
Henry George.
Those who knew Smith intimately de
clare that he was a -.deep 'Student "of "cur
rent history and a .deep thinker.: He had
no academic education, but i the:' quality
of his mind was such as. to enable* him to
grasp the , spirit -of * economic :; questions
readily and -to. discourse, upon this .and
collateral subjects with facility. / Among
his effects were a large quantity, of dip
pings of varlrfus kinds relating . to , the
theories of v Henry George; William Jen
nings Bryan and others. -' His ' scrapbooks
were annotated ¦ with .' care . and . his ' notes
bespoke the careful student/-^ ~'-S
Smith had a habit , of Inscribing hia
thoughts on r paper ' of all sizes and de
scriptions. These . were • found v scattered
here, there .and; everywhere about "his
chamber. A" few of these are" given here
with: ¦.¦:¦.,. ¦ ¦ . ¦ : i ..
Thus, land becoming public property, each
member of the community Is allowed to retain
for his own use or enjoyment all 'that he pro
duces, returning to -tho community only such
value as to repay, or compensate' for the ad
vantage he enjoys to the exclusion of all
others.- -. " - . ¦• „ .
The land , question la i the real issue of the
times. It Is a question 'in which the meanest
man, woman and child lit vitally Interested,
and the prosperity of the state cannot be ad
vanced until It is finally solved to the advan
tage of the people. '
No real gentleman will tell the naked. truth
in. the 'presence of. ladles. .We ought never to
do wrong when< people are looking. , ¦ ¦
Bryan la an apostle of the people.' George's
theories are Bound nnl must eventually be em
braced as the only ones which will subserve
During the morning Detective Reynolds
took charge of Smith's effects. These con
sisted of a fine Newmarket overcoat, , a
heavy ellk-llned astrachan overcoat, a
fine suit of clothes, a pair of patent
leather shoes, several scrapbooks, numer«
oub books on socialism, history, biography
and ophthalmic science. In • addition to
three there were several shirts, a quan
tity of silk ties, collars and a variety or
Smith spent most of his time when off duty
in his room among his books and papers. I
never knew that he . kept the company ¦ of
women. He never talked about women. . He
did not drink or smoke. He seemed to be
Jolly all th* time he was in my house, cover
ing a period of three months. I do not be
lieve he committed suicide. He' was'.' not
cranky like rqost men who have hobbies,' and
while he wai an ardent alngie-taxer and a
treat friend and admirer of William Jennings
Bryan and his theories he was not radical in
expressing his convictions. He frequently
•poke of a friend, but never mentioned his
name. My opinion is that he 'has met with
foul play.
A LOVEB. OF -BOOKS.
When Garratt called on Tuesday after the
Friday on which Smith dropped out of sight
he was accompanied by a tall young woman
whose name I did not learn. Crarratt intro
duced himself as Smith's friend and asked to
know if there was any news concerning him.
I replied that there was not. Garratt said he
had received a letter from Smith that day in
closing a money order for SI. . He explained
that he had lent Smith the money on the
evening of the previous Tuesday and that
Smith had promised to return the money on
Thursday when be received his salary- Gar
ratt eaid he had. not met Smith as agresd on
that day nor on the following day because he
was busy at his work at the Hotel Ple&santon.
Now that I see by The Call that Garratt never
worked at the Pleaeanton I am reminded of
the fact that Garratt was extremely nervous
for some reason and seemed anxious t<? find out
Just bow much I knew of Smith's disappear
ance. He said he would make inquiries as to
Smith's whereabouts and let me know within
a day or two what he might" find out. The
woman took no part in our conversation. When
Garratt left he tald he had to be on duty be
fore 11 o'clock that morning and -he had little
time to make a rearch. In the letter contain
ing the money order for 91 was the statement
that the writer, who was Smith, according- to
Garratt. bad Issued a money order for $15 to
& Chicago firm on Thursday. The receipt for
this order was found in a little book belonging
to Smith, but there was no receipt for a
money order for $1 which Garratt claimed he
received.
Smith was a cleanly 'and orderly man. He
read a great deal and his hobby was the pur
chase of books on socialism and biography.
He studied medical works also, if I'm, not mis
taken.- He seemed to be ambitious and said
he intended to be eornebody tome day. He
never had any callers except one day some
weeks ago. Smith said it was a friend o^ his.
From recent developments in the case 1 am
convinced the man who called that day was
Garratt. ' s
WAS AN ORDEULY MAN.
Smith's custom -when going anywhere when
off duty, as was the case on the day of his
disappearance, was to return to his room 'and
.chance his clothing. He got home about 2
o'clock and remained about thirty minutes.
He appeared to be In a gray humor an<1
whistled while moving about Ms room. Then
he came Into my sitting-room and presented
tnt with a bunch of violets. l}e talked about
tbe condition of the weather and expressed
the belief that it would rain and that it would
not be very pleasant to be out in the storm.
Then he spoke about having- tickets for the
Columbia and Fischer's theaters and said a
young lady acquaintance of ours might have
the Columbia seats if she desired them. He
left the room then' and re-entered his cham
ber. I heard his moving about and a few
minutes later the front door siammed. When
I entered his room I saw his glasses lying
upon the table. His books were scattered
about and his mouse-colored gloves were on
the bed. His overcoat hung on a hook in. the
closet. Everything v/as Just as if he had left
the place with - the probable intention of re
turning witlitn a few minutes.
Additional details relative to the dis
appearance of Hal Smith from his room
at E37 Bush street on the 7th inst. were
furnished by Mrs. Kate Mackey, the land
lady of the missing man, yesterday. She
said to a Call reporter:
On Day of His Disappearance
Hal Smith Was in His
Gayest Mood.
GAVE VIOLETS
TO LANDLADY
The history of the Market-street Rail
wav dates back -to a franchise that was
granted by the Legislature for the first
street railroad in San Francisco In • 1857.
The road ran' along Market and Valencia
streets to Seventeenth. The terminus of
the road on Market street was at the
junction or Market and California streets.
In the month of May, 1859. the ground was
first broken and the grading of the road
commenced.'. ' • ' . "' -- ¦: ' . < *-,; . ¦ \
Opened • With a Celebration. ;
On the 4th of July. I860., the road^.was
opened with a great celebration. The rail
....._,„,„.::?•..,..,_^'.- :'.'-\ ¦¦ ¦ v '
Yesterday. afternoon I. W. Hellman Jr.
of the Union Trust Company stated that
the bank would pay off the old stockhold
ers on Monday or Tuesday of next week.
They,, will all be paid *par Value for their
stock, less 25 cents per $100 commission
allowed the Union Trust Company for,
handling the business. - ¦¦
. At present the leading light of the Bal
timore, syndicate in thjs city is Eugene
Delahov a member, of the firm of Brown'
Bros., the financiers of New York. He is
simply a financier; and the syndicate has
not yet .sent -out -an 'operative.- official. It
is given out by the representatives of the
syndicate that no changes will take place
for some time.* . - --¦ ¦-
In connection with the big deal an In
teresting item In financial circles is the
fact that the check that » the Baltimore
syndicate paid to I. W. Hellman at the
Union Trust Company's office for the pur
chase of , the road Is the largest check ever
presented or paid in the history of bank
ing in California. The sum of $17,599,000
has never been equaled. The check is at
present In the possession of I. W. Hellman
Jr., and he has had it photographed. The
check will be framed and hung on tho
walls of the Union Trust Company's
banking-rooms. :
told Jmi?^ dId " ke $pi**f h * °"en
L'rdegren said he was verv hn*v oiiV
In the early history of the street rail
roads, there were no transfers from one
line to another of the same company w
to another road. But in the course of time
lt-was;decmed t to be of advantage to both
th ?n°r£ ai ? es *? nd "their. patron!;. th
'Wn nlnv .estlgation by a prominent street
railway journa. recently showed '¦ that th*
street car travel. of San Francisco excela-
State*' wlth n t y h. Ot ? er c ">' In the United
YTi *1T' . Ult , n the exception of Dmv.r
which is about. the same. The averaei
number of times 'that an inhabitant riSS
In a street car in this city in a yea" Is 3TO
road was known as the" San Francisco
Market-street Railroad. F..L. A. Pioche
was president and two trains were hauled
along Market street by steam dummies
that "were fearfully and . wonderfully
made." In 1867- the steam dummy trains
were taken ¦ off and' supplanted by six
horse cars. ,These cars were steadily in
creased until 1S83. During the early ope
ration of the roads the cars were manu
factured in the East and brought to San
Franclsco'by ship.
_In 1S70 the San>rancisco and San Jose
Railroad, which had gained possession of
the property through a foreclosure, sold
?. .fl ts o n n lre i 1 *^" 83 t0 tne Southern
Pacific Railroad Company. This included
the -Market Street Railway. Stanford,
iiuntlngton and the Crockers decided that
they would make the Market-street Rail
way an entirely separate corporation, and
so from that date on until to-day the
Market-street Railway has . been a sepa
rate concern. J ¦ "
J. Ii. . Willcutt, at present a , director of
the company, and two , employes of the
system In minor positions are the only
three persons living who have been con
nected with the road since - 1867; In 1S79
the privilege of using a cable was granted
This improvement went Into operation in
It is stated that the general has not
talked for publication and that he does
not propose to do so: that he recognizes
that he has enemies who are prepared to
urge the President to retire him under
the law authorizing the President to rele
gate officers to retired life who have
reached the age of 62 years.
So far as can be learned the President
has no intention of retiring General Miles.
As one official put it. It is not desired to
make a martyr of the commanding gen
eral. The general will be retired on ac
count of age next year, and the adminis
tration is content to wait until that time
comes.
CALL. BUREAU. 1406 G STREET, N.
W.. WASHINGTON, March 19.— President
Roosevelt and Secretary Root are an
noyed over the publication of the plan ad
vocated by Lieutenant General Miles for
a peaceful settlement of the Philippine In
surrection, and an effort is being made to
establish who is responsible for its ap
pearance in print.
No formal inquiry has ben ordered nor
is one expected. General Miles has not
even been called upon for an explanation.
3n official circles there is a disposition to
believe that General Miles made the facts
public in order to discredit the adminis
tration, but this is denied by the general's
friends.
eral Caused Publication of
His Flan.
Belief in "Washington That the Gen-
OFFICIALS SAY MILES
DID THE MSCUIEI
"I have known Mr. Smith for a long
time and I don't believe he is a man who
would end his own life. It is a strange
case, perhaps one of murder. I know that
Mr. Smith would never leave his room in
the condition he did if he did not intend
to return. Garratt roomed here at my
house for about a week. When Mr. Smith
left some time later I asked him what
was the trouble. He told me that every
thing suited him nicely, but that Garratt
wanted him to move. I understood that
they were going to take rooms together.
Once when Garratt got broke In Truckee.
Mr. Smith sent him a money order for
S10. They were fast friends and I don't
believe they could have quarreled over
any triflinsr matter."
Mrs. Beechner, the woman who keeps
the rooming-house at 319 Minna street
where Smith and hiy friend Garratt once
lived. Is certain that Smith has not com
mitted suicide. When seen last night at
her home she said:
MISSING MAN
WAS STUDIOUS
articles constantly In use by men who are
known as good dressers. There were no
money or articles of • jewelry, nor was
anything found that had an . especial
value. A photograph of Garratt was dis
covered among a number of newspaper
clippings, together with a small picture of
Smith and two women, the work evident
ly of a snapshot artist. The faces can
scarcely .be distinguished, but Mrs.
Mackey Is convinced that the. man of the
grou.p was Smith.
The personal property of Smith was re
moved to the Hall of Justice. In the
meanwhile his room will remain locked
until- the investigation by the detectives
has been concluded. - . ¦
• • • Before euch sale, conveyance or
transfer shall become operative, an' agreement
in writing must be ' executed bx the parties
thereto containing • the . terms and conditions
of the purchase and sale, and execution must
be authorized -by the board ! of directors and
ratified by three-fourths of. the stockholders: of
the railroad companies. ¦ „ '. -
It was on this statute that the transfer
of the.pnoperty of the San Joaquin Valley
Railroad to the Santa Fe Railroad was
effected. Attorney Atterbury and Tlrey
Jj.- Ford decided that with this- deal as a
precedent they could make no mistake in
the transfer of the Market Street Rail
road to the United Railroads of San-Fran
cisco.
When the Baltimore Syndicate pur
chased the San Mareo lines last vear the
.same legal action In connection with the
transfer was taken. . .
The ratification of the stockholders of
both the Market, Sutro and Sutter Street
railways was simply to comply with a
clause in the act which says: . /,' :.-
An act amending the Civil Code of Cal
ifornia, known as section No. 4i)4. was
approved on March 22, 1899, authorizing the
sale by any railroad company owning any
railroad in this State of its property and
franchise to any other railroad company,
whether organized under the laws of this
State or of any other State. This was
the law that the attorneys of the Balti
more syndicate acted under.
I There is a clause, however, In this act
"that such sale, conveyance and transfer
shall be made within three years from the
date this act shall take effect." As the
act was passed on March 22. 1899, the syn
dicate had only a few days In which to
make the conveyance legal.
Law Authorizes Sale.
The meeting yesterday was purely
formal, -only about . a half-dozen being
present. Attorney Atterbury and'Eugene
Delano of the firm of Brown Bros, were
on hand for the syndicate, and H. E.
Huntington, I. W- '• Hellman ' and George
B. Willcvttt . on behalf of the Market
street Railway. The legal end of the big
transfer is very interesting. It was tho
intention' of the , Baltimore syndicate not
to take hold of the street car systems u:i-'
til March 28, but it was compelled to take
possession of the properties at once upon
legal grounds. •...•..„ - .^ "_'.'¦
THE Baltimore syndicate is' now in .
control of the Market street, Su
tro, Sutter street and San Matep
car lines. The purchase price was'
¦ paid Tuesday, and yesterday
morning the final act was performed when
the syndicate accepted the roster bearing
the signatures of the stockholders, who
ratified th# action of the directors of the
Market-street Railway, Sutro and Sutter
street railway companies in selling their :
stock.
Former Land/ad/ of Smith' Says
He Must Have Been v
Murdered.
WOMAN SCOUTS
IDEA OF SUICIDE
KIEL, March 19.— The German battle
rhlp Kaiser Wllhelm II. having on board
Emperor William and Admiral Prince
Henry of Prussia, arrived here at 5:30
ji. m. His Majesty and the Prince were
welcomed by the firing of salutes and
cheers from the naval squadron in these
•waters.
BERLIN. March IS.-Prince Henry
landed at Kiel at dusk and joined Prin
cess Henry and his sons. That which
took place between the royal brothers is,
of course, not a matter concerning which
those surrounding Emperor "William and
Prince Henry have been taken into the
royal conference further than to know
that the brothers had a talk to-day last
ing several hours, and that Prince Henry
told Emperor William his experiences
irom the beginning to the end of his trip.
The members of the Prince's party
•were much -amused vrhile on their trav
els at the calls of "Speech," "Speech."
from the crowds collected at wayside
places, and the cries of "How's your
brother William?"
Tafi. only occasion when the least alarm
for the Prince's saietv was felt Was when
a raember of the party saw a man enter
the Prince's car at one end while Prince
•Henry was on the platform at the other
end bowing to the crowd. This man was
ordered out of the car. He hesitated, and
then withdrew. A few minutes later he
was seen working his way through the
crowd in order to get nearer the Prince.
This man wore a long coat, under which
anything might have been concealed. A
member of the Prince's staff pointed out
iMs person to John E. Wilkie. chief of
ihe secret service, who accompanied the
Prince on his trip, who at once said:
"Why. that is one of my men."
Prince Henry does not know why he
did not visit the stockyards at Chicago,
except that he was advised by Wilkie
that It would be better to omit this part
of the programme, as the Polish work
raen at the stockyards might create , a
oisturbance. \*"': ¦
Emperor William spoke to Commander
William H. Beehler, the United . States
jiaval attache at Berlin, who represented
tha American embassy at Cuxhaven yes
terday, of the wonderful reception Prince
Henry had recii.'ed in the United
States.
•'But," said Commander Beehler, "your
Majesty would have received a greater
one."
To this the Emperor replied: "But I
cannot leave the country for so long."
"It would hot take you longer than
vour trip to Jerusalem," said Commander
BetViler. .
"Tes," replied the Emperor, "that
Is so." --*.-.
Home-Ooming Demon-
stration.
Squadron Takes Part in the
Prince Henry Tells the
Kaiser All About
America.
The publication by The Call of the facts
in the case resulted in several interesUng
developments yesterday. A waiter named
Clancy who worked with Garratt in Oak-
I land for some months appeared at the
i Palace during tho day and volunteered
I the information that Garratt was "no
! good" and that he knew certain incidents
] in his career which would be of interest to
I the police. Clancy's statement was not
taken by a responsible party and when a
Call reporter sought him at his residence,
319 Minna street, last night it was found
that Clancy was in Oakland. From other
sources it was learned, however, that Gar
ratt did not bear the best reputation and
that details concerning his conduct would
be furnished within a few days.
Another fact tending to show that
Smith Was foully dealt with and that the
motive was robbery developed yesterday
when it was learned that Smith had two
money orders in his possession at the time
of his disappearance. One of there was
for nearly $100 and the other for a lesser
l^'tJJl^ e ? a S r lf d these orders. with
™£i ?"?? T lth hJs cas « amounting to
r?»£»«5 * ' It is known that
£fJT * .t* withou t funds at the time he
£?,f^Vn he *°° m at 1035 Market street,
«n~H \ feW days a£ter Smith's dis
55S3«* ° * he , was nusn and enabled to
purchase a ticket to a distant point. :
v-.fj&f^ 11 ?l Detectives Seymour admitted
yesterday that he knew nothing of Smith's
n s ,1 p P ea , ra " ce un £!. he read of itin Thl
«?Jl y. esterda y- This was due to the fact
t w c ,7i?% abse "t iT > the East at the
V, m rJ^i th A r £ pped - out of sl Sht and that
nn hP a °1? f the 2£ tter was mad « to him
pn his return. The. fact illustrates the
S?^^** 1 ? 1 the affaIrs °f thVdetec?
tlie department are administered. Sey
?° u ,'f i? akin f U S, for l°st time and has
detailed Detective Reynolds upon the case.
I«^ CleWS fur , n i. s hed by. The Call are being
£ I™? "P,^ gratifying results, and it
liftS^S th - at Garr att will soon be ar
rested if he has not yet left Nevada.
GABRATT'S BE00BD BAD.
been established that he was Intimate
with Smith and that he enjoyed the lat
ter's confidence to an unusual degree. He
told several persons as late - as Monday
after Smith's disappearance that he and
Smith had rented a room together on Tay
lor street, which also was a falsehood. Ue
told of having received a money order for
one dollar from Smith, when according to
his own story he was employed at the
Palace and was to meet Smith on the 6th
Instant, the day on which Smith drew his
salary. The necessity for issuing the
money order therefore did not exist. Last
ly Garratt's night from the city after tell
ing people who were engaged in the search
for Smltft that he would communicate with
them latter in the week relative to the
matter tends to show that he had some
hidden motive in escaping from the city at
a time when the disappearance of Smith
was beginning to attract general atten
tion. . . •
ROYAL BROTHERS
IN CONFERENCE
THE SAN FRANCISCO :CAIiL,THTJTiSI)AYv 20, 0L902.
Continued From Page One.
MRS. HAMILTON SPEAKS OF SMITH
Continued From Page One.
FACTS SHOW SMITH WAS MURDERED
3
.STOCKHOLM, March 19.— There was
some excitement in the Second Chamber
of Parliament to-day owing to a demand
made by Adolph Hedin, a, Liberal mem
ber, for the impeachment of the Minister
of Finance, Count Hans Wachtmelster.
The grounds for the impeachment, which
were not anounced, were delivered to the
President of the House in a • sealed en
velope. The matter was referred to the
Constitutional Committee.
DB. PIESCE'S BE2HEDIES.
i*£ %**%£? izjjM t£ tj*3dpE\sa
When the conjurer shows za empty hat,
end at once begins ta extract from it rab-
bits or cabbage3, we inov? that we have
teen adroitly deceived, bscause we know
vn. c&a't get out anything that isn't in it.
If people would, only reason in that
Tray about medi- /S7&K
citits they ¦would. p* 5-!«f
"be - a great deal £nCv .wi^Jy
better off in f/™k ?72&
health and pock- )H *€®vj*^bk
et. A nnrnSer of C< \
6O called "blood £^e- \
r flesh forraiag^Sg^tS-— &WiXmm3%iSr
cines are only &> 2^*!^
stimulants in dis- Z^fe'li&il
guise. You can't
g=t strength oat ffiMfflZiik
of a suraiiiant be- K^i5?v£sS&L
cause strength is is^if^lfisPl
physical strength . WffixSsQhSStSL
¦is derived from . fjaJffiJIffgffirPli
food digested and IWMgMJMpEI
Assimilated and IMfiiffS^
is the form of pjfeln
"blood nourishing .
Golden Medical JSr
JKscovery does Or
sot make blood or make strength, no
medicine can do that. But it does curs
<iis£2ses of the stomach and its allied or-
,52ns, end eo causing the perfect diges-
tion aad assimilation of food, it enables
the building of the body in sound and
vigorous health.
"I can wy to you one bottle of your 'Golden
'Medical Discovery* ha* cored me round tad
•well, ftfter suffering two \on% yetr« with •torn*
ech discwe." writes W. II. Era«well, of McAdcn-
rUle, Gaston Co., Jff.C * My health it worth all th«
¦world to me. I will praiac you as leaf at I live.*
'¦ The People's Common Sense Medical
Adviser, a book containing , 1008 pages,
•is gives away. Send 21 one-cent stamps
the expense of mailing only, far the book
in paper covers, or 31 stamps for the vol.
tme bound in doth. - Address Dr. JL V f
Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.
11 Ml n^&SVS^!*^ 1
II I * * J» f I ill
i If you are used to wearing $12 to $15 clotheswe »
I can interest you with^ our $10 made-to-order suits. |
X B First we will interest you in giving you Just as 8
S good cloth as you are used to; then we will "show you S
/ ;¦•'; that the patterns are just as neat and desirable as in the $
i higher-priced clothing ; next, we, will" emphasize the * 0
j| workmanship, pointing- out the different features; then B
|j we will say, in order to convince you thoroughly, if the H
|| suit does not fit just as well as any suit you ever wore, U
'; ffl you- can have your money back. fi
H Wouldn't you like samples of these suits to investi- *|
1 rate our claims? . -1
i .Remember, we agree to keep all suits in repair free Q
¦ . for a year. You will find this a source of great conve- §
8 We would like to prove to your satisfaction that. H
ue can save y° u at ' east 2 on a Sl " t °f clothes. ;|
H Out- of-'own orders for rnxde-'o-order clothing filled— satisfactory fj
| Hi assured through, our self-measuring system — write for samples. ItThe Little Women's Club, which was es
tablished -last autumn at 120 Walsh
street, between Bryant and Brannan, la
doing most commendable work among tho
children of the neighborhood. The mem
ber* devote two afternoons each week,
Wednesdays and Fridays, to their pro
teges, the object being to teach the
youngsters sewing and tha advantages of
cleanliness and domesticity. There is a
large attendanae of children at the ap
pointed hours, who are cared for. and in
structed by the following members of the
club: , Ray Delvalle, president: Grace
Wiener, manager; Charlotte Redllck, sec
retary, and Fannie G. Redlick, • financial
secretary. The board of council Is com
posed :of Clara Meyer, Dora Levy,- Cella
Fischer and Jessie Zacharls. .*. •
I/ittle Women's Club Does Good Work
It will be the duty of thla country to stand
apart from Germany and Russia and make no
entangling alliances with England, France or
any other country; to stand for that funda
mental principle that a people must b» «elf
determlning. That has been throughout our
national existence the greatest education we
have known. What ha* made thin country
great? Not Ha sold and iron mines, not its
exports and products, but those institutions
whereby men have been made to trust in them
selves; to have gumption; to look out for
themselves; whereby communities have been
made to trust in themselves; to do their own
ffovernln* and take their own results — good or
bad. .
I believe this nation is destined to lead the
world ln political righteoUaneas - and political
freedom.
An adjournment was then taken until
9:30 o'clock this morning. ,
Pays. Tribute to Secretary . Hay. :
The speaker then dwelt on the diplo
matic relations of ; this . country and, Eu
ropean • nations previous to the outbreak
of the Spanish Wai*. He told of the ef
forts made by Austria to get France.
Germany and other powers to intervene.
He said France was willing to do so i£
Germany and England would join her.
England and Germany negatived the re
quest. Professor Wheeler said the rela
tions between this country and Germany*
had been a trifle strained owing to ma
conflicting: irade interests of the two
countries and because of Germany's in
terest in 'South America. He told of the
reasons that led up to Prince Henry's re
ctnt visit to America and the Kaiser's
personal invitation to Miss Roosevelt to
lcur.ch his yacht.
Professor Wheeler next paid a high
tribute to Secretary John Hay. whom he
characterized as a great statesman and
diplomat. He regretted that he was not
appreciated in his own country as he is
abroad. Hay, he said, will be recognized
in later years, when history records his
wisdom. He stated that Hay's greatest
work was. done in the negotiations at Pe
king. He observed that it was the Amer
ican policy that dominated finally.
In conclusion Professor Wheeier said:
larger part in the hi&tory of the world ' than
it has ever before. • . • ' -¦- ¦ ¦
PROMINENT SPEAKERS AND
SCENES AT ANNUAL INSTITUTE
OF SCHOOL DEPARTMENT." . j
• PETALUMA. March 10.— Henry TV. Law
rence, capitalist, and Mrs. A. A. Faulkner
were married to-day. Rev. IL F. Allen of the
Congregational church performed the ceremony.
LODI. March J$». — James Timothy, a hostler
• t the Lodl , racetrack, was thrown from a
horse Ia«i night and his necK was broken.
PASADENA, March IS.— The Rev. J. M.
Huston of the First Methodist Church
has be«»n notified by the official board of
the rhurch that h!« resignation is desired,
to tak*» *rTect at the end of his term next
S^ptfmber or when he can secure another
place. The complaint against the Rev.
Mr. Huston l» that his congregation is
leaving for other churches.
Want the Pastor's Resignation.
Mies Jennie- ¦ M.. Long was next-intro
duced and delivered ' an interesting ad
dress on "Reading in the Public Schools."
She favored teachers paying closer atWn
tion'to their pupils' speech. She said stu
dents ..were kept at their rhetoric and
grammar, therefore, why. not 'at their
speech. The -speaker stated' that, the
teachers In the . grammar .schools
abundant time to instruct the children In
the art of speaking distinctly." She said
that the reading should not be beyond the
capacity of • the students • to ¦¦' unaerstand.
If children were sent out of -.school able
to. pronounce properly they would be'bet
ter equipped for the battle-. of life..
Miss Lone called pupils .from- classes
In the Hawthorne and Hearst 1 schools to
illustrate her. Ideas. The children recited
IiOngfellow's "The Brook and', the Way.":
She pointed out the mistakes in the read
ing of this poem. The work' of the little
pupils was vigorously ap.plauded. ¦ '. \v
At the 'conclusion of a number of prac
tical readings, by. Miss. Long 1 .. the pupils
of the Denman School . rendered "Two
Swallows,", by Schumann; ."Stilly Night,"
by Franz; "Lift Thine Eyes." by Men
delssohn; "America," .' by 8/ F. Smith.
When the national anthem was sung: the
teachers arose and remained- standing
until it ; was concluded. ~. \ .
, Professor. Benjamin Ide : Wheeler, presi
dent of the State University, was warmly
welcomed when introduced.' He spoke on
"The Present Position of - the United
States of America." -At the outset he
announced that he had thirty minutes to
speak. ; He said he -was going to 'talk
politics and facetiously remarked that the
percentage of voters in the hair was very
large. -In part; he said: J; ,' ,- ; - ; :>:
-You have i undoubtedly ' noticed ! In the papers
lately much talk about the attitude of Eng
land, Germany and other nations ¦ during . the
Spanish . war. It has ¦ been rather ' amusing , to
us to 6eo all the. nations coming up with bou
quets; in. their hands and saying: "I was the
one and only friend of the United States "dur
ing the ' Spanish' war.'-' .(Laughter)- ,: ' -
:-" We accepted trie bouquet, but .we did 'not
say , anything about it. -We have a : very wise
Department of State. - It accepts the bouquets
and : bows and smiles. . It is. Just 'a little bit
amusing : because ¦ five or. six years "ago 1 ; they
regarded us cut -off by \ the- Atlantic; Ocean.;
They looked ' upon- anything we did In a frivo
lous light.: They, did not think" any. one "would
be interested in' our 'attitude and did not* care
11/ Americans s amused .themselves ; with' the
Monroe doctrine. *r Bismarck said the latter was
a direct piece '.. of .American •¦ Impudence.- .But
still the Monroe docirine has come to play,' a
Reading in the Public 'Schools.
quent modern attempt to teach something of
everything to children. The firm belief In the
doctrine of hard work is still necessary to hap
piness and success. Simplicity and thorough
ness should characterize all school work.
1 In condUHloii wo believe that trained, dis
ciplined intelligence in the safeguard of ; our
republic, and that the free public school must
ever remain the chief source of that intelli
gence. .
May the sessions of this Institute prove In
teresting and helpful. . May the thoughts that
may be uttered by the Kitted and experienced
teachers who are to address you aid you In
assuming and performing your very responsible
work as teachers. .
Webster expressed regret that Mayor
Schmltz was unable to be present, and in
behalf of the absent chief executive of
the municipality he said the Mayor en
tertained a high Interest in the welfare
of the public echools and believed , that
their adminlatratlon should be character
ized . by liberality, progress and Intelli
gence. The • chairman then introduced
Jcmcs Denman, president of the Board of
Education. Tho latter dwelt at length
on the teaching of children. He favored
teaching pupils things that would benefit
them, in after life. He believed in practi
cal education and suggested that the chil
dren In the grammar schools be taught
some studies that are usually held back
until they reach higher grades.
'All' true growth Is slow. growth. -To correct
one -wrong tendency • another - should not • be
made in . the opposite direction.- Text-book
teaching may have been •• carried to an : extreme
in- the .past, but that: is- no ¦ reason iwHy, It
should be abolished . now. ¦- . It will ever remain
true: that one,. of '-.¦. the" best, things" that : any
school .can do '; for. a ; pupil • is 1 to s , teach ' him • to
make proper use of books.. • Courses, of. study
may have ¦ been '-¦ too much • abridged, . but . many
thoughtful people • among ¦• both ?. patrons ¦¦ and
teachers are seriously ¦ questioning' the too fre-
Make Proper '."Use of Books.
In the ". educational management; of ¦* our
schools - there is need of . that stability i and
conservatism" which- begets confidence and in
sures thoroughness. •• ¦: •¦'-.•¦• .w- '> t f
• While we must . never lose - sight ' of ! higher
Ideals in education.- on . the other hand it 'is'
never wise to ignore the bread • and » butter
phase : of I existence - and what the ; people : con
sider an Important - and immediate | need j In
education. With the large \ majority of . people
In; a ; free community, the struggle of- life is
both . difficult and ¦¦ constant: V With each pass-
Ing year competition does not become less In
tense and we cannot change the facts or bet
ter the ¦ condition by sentimentally . regretting;
that practical people are forever demanding
that the school shall so train boys and girls
as 'to enable them to proceed to the work and
affairs prepared to meet • their difficulties ¦ and
to make an T honest living. •' Schools - must i not
cease to bo utilitarian 1 in their alms!and-pur
poees. ¦ i ¦' - . .¦¦;¦•" ¦¦ '-." ¦- ¦_:• '
The interest taken in the- cause of popular
education Is more general and enthusiastic
than in- former years. All classes of: society
in this republic are imbued - with the Impor
tance of education In the building of our na
tion's future. - Men .and women, prompted by
the desire to devote -their wealth- to the bene
fit of their country and people. . have selected
as the object of their benefaction the promo
tion.of higher education. ....... , . . r- •>
Though much has been accomplished much.
remains to be done. The profession o£ teach
ing must be exalte/l. ' Teachers ¦must'. not -be
the ' poorest paid and least honored ¦servants
of the State, but should receive compensation
adequate- to theservice rendered. • , ,iy ¦.-•• ¦ •.. ¦ '
The work of the teacher is . conducted on
the basis, of a more permanent tenure than
formerly. ¦ '. ' • ¦ •¦ ._
The average number of pupils, assigned -to
each teacher Is less to-day, in most of our
cities, than It was twenty years ¦ ago. ; This
means greater influence 6f the teacher en the
training of character. It means a better
chance to individualize the work. *
Great Influence of the Teacher.
"Greeting," by Mendelssohn; "Holy City,"
by Adams; "Silent Woods," -by 'Abt,. and
fcp an encore .-"The Garden Gay."? "The
children sang In perfect unison and their
voices, blended well. The accompanlsto
v. r ere Irma Fletchler and May Fitzgerald.
In welcoming the" . teachers •¦ Superin
tendent Webster said: . , •,¦:'•
It i Is again my privilege to cxpr-^n senti
ments . of i greeting and professional f t-Ucrwshtp
on this occasion of your annual institute.,"
A-pembllcB of this character adorn .. and-.dig
nify life by bringing. Into refined social action
•ome of the best eentimentB. .-, ' ¦, ;- :,;¦¦ : i
Nothing if more appropriate than/the'con
vention of educated men and women for pro
fessional Improvement as well a_ the pur
pose of devising; methods for the advancement
of learning. •..¦..
It is the duty of the present to plan for
the future. It 1* the conntant task of educa
tion to make th« real the ideal, and In turn,
to make the ideal real. ,
All progress in education, as far as inner
-education is concerned, must be in the direc
tion of rational adjustment of environment' in
the building up of a world of conviction and of
the humiliation of thoughtful activity. There
)«, too, a line of external progress which Is
of the greatest Importance in educational
work, namely,' progress in material appliances
which makes effectual work . possible— a liberal
supply of financial means and the unifying
and systematizing of educational efforts.
The progress of public education,, as far 'as
external growth Is concerned, has been stu
pendous during the past fifty 'years; In tha
sanitation and comfort of school houses. In
matters of lighting, ventilating and seating
a steady progrcu toward. more nearly perfect
conditions is noticeable. ..'".:. •.'¦:* % :'.
REN'O. JCev.. March 19.— There are fifty
miners from Montana here, en route to
Tonopah. where they expect to get work
at from $3 to J6 per day. The men gay
Butte papers have been booming the Ton
opah strike and representing that miners
ore much in demand.
TONOPAH. Nev?, March 19.-The 'rapid
influx of workingmen at this place at the
• present * time Indicates a general mJgan-
I'refcer.slon of labor conditions here. In
Juetlce to the uninformed we desire to
warn all laboring men to stay away until
local condition* Improve.
JOHN OTOOLE. Miners' Union
Lebcr Conditions Do Not Justify In
flux of Workingmen to the
District.
-ONOPAH MINERS' TJNION
SENDS OUT A WARNING
TACOMA, March 19.— United States Sen
ator George Turner, who was elected as
a Populist five years ago and is now
ranked as a Democrat, is making a quiet
but vigorous effort to bring about his re
election by the next State Legislature, to
be chosen in November, j Senator Turner
came out from Washington two weeks
ago to inspect the commencement of the
work on a 300-ton smelter, which one of
his. mining companies Is erecting on the;
Sullivan group of mines in Kootenai. He
also has been making a tour of the State
and conferring everywhere with leading
workers in the Democratic party.
Though Washington is strongly Repub
lican under normal conditions, it re-elected
a Democratic Governor at the last elec
tion. Senator Turner and his friends be
lieve there is a possibility, If not a proba
bility, of his being able to elect enough
members of the Legislature to insure a
Democratic majority. This belief ia based
on the bitter factional ffght in the Re
publican party, now beincr waged between
the supporters of Senator Foster and
Banker Levl Ankeny of Walla Walla on
the one hand and former Senator John L.
Wilson of Spokane on the other. .
The feeling la bo strong that tho Legis
lative candidates of either faction are
likely to be knifed by the other, making
it possible for strong Democratic candi
dates to win in many districts. The preit
ent purpose of Senator Turner and his
advisers is to lay plans for taking full
advantage of this situation.
in Republican Party in Wash
ington.
Hopes to Profit by War of Factions
SENATOB TURNER ___YING
WIRES FOR RE-ELECTION
In the past few years efforts havebeeiv
made to learn something of the identity
of the maniac, but they have, been futile.
It is ciaimed by those who have seen
him that he is not more than 30 years of
age, tall, well formed, robust and strong.
Trie has long . black hair and his face is
covered by a short beard. He sleeps in
trees and hollow trunks and not long in
one place, as his food supplies have been
found in various spots.
I>uring the past three or four years this
wild 'man has been occasionally making
his appearance. He is garbed in \ skins
and rags and generally flees at the sight
of a human being, but in the past two
weeks he has at times come down from
the hills and demanded' something to eat
at ranch houses. He appears to watch his
opportunity and appear when the male ;
occupants are absent. If ref U3ed a meal I
he growi very violent.
*
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SALINAS* March 19.— The wild man of
the Sur district has reappeared and to
morrow a posse will start on his trail.
The searchers will make heroic efforts to
capture the martiac and expect to remain
In the hills until their quest proves suc
cessful. '
California— Margaret S. Clark, Imperial-
Andrew J_ McFarlln, Ono. Postmasters
appointed— California— J. p. Seebe, Birds
l_-n<2ing, Solano County, vice John Bird,
resigned; H. S. Ellis. Crows Landing
Stanislaus County, vice Charles Whit
more, resigned.
These pensions were granted: California
—Original— Martin S. Stirewalt, Traver,
Jo; .Nathaniel & Mellus. Oakland J12. In
crease—Damas Emerie. Chico. XI'- Ed
rauna Carey. Soldiers' Home, Los An
f#- eS k i^_^^If 1111 , v - Sharp. Hanford,
rl* Alfr « d \?:., HarrIs « Sutt€r Creek, J8
Charles H. Wilton, San Diego; $14. MeS
tTStUi Peter McGraw. Sacramento, $12:
Holmes, C Patrick, Soldiers' Home. Los
Angeles, J12. TV idows— Annie Lyons San
if*?.** 300^^ Luc >' A- Daniels. Oakland
* i ir- Ma J y E - Bra^y. San Francisco. $S.
Ferh S _mf t «S 1 ~ InCreaSe: ~ ISaIail EUwood 
v^T^ft, 511110 ™" 11141 Ensign A.
N. Mitchell will proceed to San Francisco
thence to Honolulu, March 29, for duty on
the Albatross. •
Army orders announce that the leave
of absence panted Chaplain Oliver C.
Miller, artillery. Department of Califor
nia, Is extended one month; Second Lieu
tenant Vincent M. Elmore Jr., Fifth In
fantry, will report to Colonel Jacob B
£ a Th_V re^ ent ,°£ the examining board!
_Lt ?i Pre f ldio of San Francisco for ex
amination for promotion.
Changes Mede in the Postal Service
and More New Pensions
WASHINGTON', D. C.'. March 'l3.-The
Postoffice Department to-day announced
the following: PostoQce established in
Callfcrnia^Clairville. Plumas County
previous order -iscontinulng this office is
rescinded. Postmasters commissioned-
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Maniac Roaming in Sur
District Becomes
i-«on McUiinaiu :eft Delamar on Sun
day, September i_. 1M. to spend a h_:f
• day in the tirusii-covered tniiu, looKing
for a deer. He did not return and a hali
dozen men Bet out on the following day
to Jook lor him. Only the dressed carcass
oi a deer wa* Xouno. on tne trail, wnerc it
had been dropped by Mc_»on;i.o.
i< or weeks bcores of men climbed tho
mils and tnrough the deep guichea. but
they never found a trace of the hunter.
A camp was made in tne mountain near
where the bones were found and men
jvent out to In it relays. Wherever a
buzzard was seen to whtrl In the sky a
man was sent to tsearch. A reward of
t»(.M was offered by McDonald's father and
mends. Indian trailers and bloodhounds
brought no better success. After a month
McDonald was given, up as . hopelessly
lost, but occasionally men have eearclred
In remote places.-
Only a mountaineer dare venture far
irom the trail in that rough; unsettled
region. But for the accidental finding the
remains icie_t.have remained forever uii
?r?,T» ei £. d -* X * is bel!€Ve d McDonald fell
cyp?-ed cr awled to the clearing and
REDDING, March 19.— Three hunters-
Charles Ricketls; Ben Deering and E. N.
DeeriKg — hastening "down Minnesota
Mountain, on their way to Delamar, at
dusk yesterday evening, crawled through
the brush into a clearing and came sud
denly upon a litter of human bones. For
ty feat from the rlbb'ed vertebrae lay the
ckull. Leg and arm bones were strewn
where they had .been dropped- by bear,
coyotes and wildcats, lilts of clothing
were piclitd up, among them a handker-,
chief with tr.e monogram "L* R. J-icD."
From this the hunters knew that they
had solved the mystery of me disappear
ance- of jy<-ou A. iticjUunaid, a young man
oi Dciumar, six montna ugv.
The discoverers habicnud on to Dela
mar, e:x miles away, with tne handker
chief. There it wan positively identified.
A party was organized to start at day
light lor the scene to discover the man
ner of tne young mans oeatn und bring in
ti.<- \vh)i •jiit:_ uunea.
' Special Dispatch to The Call.
POSSE TO SEEK
THE WILD MAN
The second murder, in | which Oliver
Dotson. father of the condemned man,
was the victim, for plotting which Dotson
is to be hanged, it is charged was done
by James McArthur. who was hanged for
the crime last September.
Dotson was In for life for the first crime
and it was charged that Dotson and Mc-
Arthur hatched a plot within the prison
walls whereby McArthur, who3e torn;
was shortly to expire, wa3 to murdei
Dot son's father and pjn a purported con
fession on the body. This eonfe3slon, it
was supposed, would clear Dotson of the
firBt .crime and give him his liberty.
Dotson makes the .sensational state
ir.ent that in the plot McArthur was to
kill Ward.cn Conley and attempt a gen
eral release of the convicts. Dotson says
through him this design was frustrated.
Dotson declares McArthur confessed to
him the murder of a man whose remains
were found near Central Park in 1S86. His
name .was Allen and his folks resided in
Walla Walla, Waeh.
BUTTE, March 19.— A special to : the
Miner from Deer Lodge penitentiary says
that Convict Dotson,' who is awaiting the
sentence of death, has made a statement
to Governor Tcole, ,In which "he declares
his Innocence of the two murders with
which he is charged.
1-ne first murder, that of Eugene Culli
nane, on August 8, li'JS, he asserts, was
committed by Oliver Benson and ElLs
Persinger alone, he being in Helena at
the time. Benson's confession of the
crime was that Benson remained in hid
ing while Dotson and Persinger murdered
the old man.
Accuses Two Other Men of
the Crime3 for Which.
. He May Hang." :
Is Learned After Many
Months.
Fate cf Leon R McDonald
Superintendent, of. : Schools. Reginald H.
Webster, r .who. called the session to order,
received an ovation. He first called. upon
the pupils of the Denman Girls' Grammar
School to entertain.the assemblage: with '•
singing.' Under the leadership of Prih<:f
pal A. L. Mann eighty pupils rendered
_____ . — ___ ____ _
initial session of ..the annual
I institute of the" School . Depart-
I ment'of San Francisco was held
JJL yesterday morning rn the audito
.'¦'_ .; ; ¦ rium of the Mission High School.
•Many c^ty teachers were present and
! manifested • a -deep ./interest- Ih\ the ' pro
ceedings. . . . .• .::;•;>. - , -. ..;¦/ v.
Hunters Find Remains
of Missing Delamar
Youjh.
Convict at Deer Lodge
Makes Sensational
Statement.
SAYS OTHERS
WERE GUILTY
WHITENING BONES
CLEAR MYSTERY
TEACHERS OF PUBLIC SCHOOLS
MEET IN ANNUAL CONVENTION
Superintendent Reginald ' H. Webster and 1 Benjamin Ide Wheeler,
President of University; of California,, Deliver Short Ad
dresses on Important Topics and Are Applauded
SOUTHLAND GETS
MORE RAINFALL
Abundant Crops of ! Ali
Kinds Now Seem
Record-Breaking Yields Are
Promised South of -
Tehachapi ¦
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, -March 13.-The storm
appears to be over" in this part of the
State and the weather to-night is clear
and cool, with prospects* of frost. Tne :
rainfall this morning, amounting to ; .«
of an inch, was welcome, and with a few,
more warm days all sorts of, fruits and
vegetation will be "booming.
Throughout this end ol the State decid
uous fruit buds are beginning to sweu
and abundant hay crops are expected.
Grain fields en the mesas are l° o £*ns
tine, even where no irrigation is possible,
and if tho present favorable weather con
tinues the 'season will be a record breaker
in Southern California. .
Wild feed generally is high and plenti
ful. Stock is thriving on the pasturage.
Beets are being planted and thinned out
around Westminster, and the Alamlto*
factory. Celery shipping: is about ended.
San Diego County need3 more rain to
fill the reservoirs. Otherwise the country
thereabouts looks good. <
Found -Dead on a Woodpile.
HOWARDS, March 19.— Adam Chambers
was found lying dead on a woodpile back
of a saloon at Freestono last evening.
The cause of hia demise is not known.
Chambers was bom in the Province of
Quebec and had lived in Guernovllle for
many years. He was credited with being:
the best woodman In Sonoma County.
Coroner Pierce will hold an inquest. ;
UPHOLDS RIGHT
OF THE UNIONS
Missouri Supreme Court
Renders Important
Decision.
- JEFFERSON CITY, Mo-. March 19.— In
the Supreme Court to-day an opinion was
rendered declaring that ¦ courts of equity
have no power to enjoin labor organiza
tions "from enforcinsjaoycotts on corpora
tions.
The opinion, rendered by Judge Sher
wood, affirmed the. Judgment -of a lower
court which had refused the application
of the Marx & Haas Jeans Clothing Com
pany of St. Louis for an injunction to re
strain Anthony \Vatsonana other officers
of a local Knights of Labor organization
and a branch of the United Garment
Workers of America in that city from
pushing a boycotts ' ¦ . - 1 ' • ¦'. ¦'. •
Chief Justice Burgess and Judges Brace.
Gantt and Marshall concurred in the opin
ion and Judge Koblnson dissented. Judge
Valliant, who heard the case originally
when on the Circuit bench, took no part
In hearing the appeal. • t ,, \. .
yi The Supreme Court holds that if the la
bor unions of the State are not permitted
to tell the story of their wrongs, or their
supposed wrongs, by -word of mouth or
with pen or print, and to endeavor to get
out persons to aid them by all possible
I means to secure the redress, free speech
i Is denied. -'.-'¦¦ •
ALONG THE COAST
' VIS ALIA. March 19. — The Producers' Bank
has brought suit against the State for $14,000
on coyote claims. t >
LOS ANGELES, March 19.— Mrs. Loretta
Saum to-day besan suit to recover $10,000 from
the . Los Angeles Railroad Company for In
juries alleged to have bsen received while
alighting from a car.
IX>S ANGELES. March 1». — Paul H. Morton,
second vice president of the Santa Fe Railroad,
will arrive in Los Angeles to-morrow. He will
join President E. P. Kipley in Santa Barbara
before returning East.
BAKERSFIELD, March 19. — The permanent
organization of the Kern City Board of Trado
was effected last night. V. E. Wlteon was
elected chairman, L. G. Pauly treasurer and
Merle Manley secretary- ,
LOS ANGELES, March 19. — Josepll Schmidt.,
who said when h» pleaded guilty to the charge
of stealing a bicycle that he was temporarily
insane, was to-day sentenced to two years in
San Quentln by Judge Smith.
MONTEREY: March 10. — The Ralston Cold
Mining Company la about to put Into operation
the first trial of hydraulic mining; ever made
In Monterey County, at Its placer mines at
Mansfield, in. the Los Burros district. >
SAN JOSE, March 19. — George L. Jones,
grand trustee of the Native Sons of the Golden
West, was tendered a reception and banquet
by San Jose Parlor this evening. Members of
Observatory and Palo Alto parlors v*sre
present. . '
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, March 19.—
Mine. Emma Nevada made her first appear
ance before the college community In tnt.
assembly hall to-night. Her singing was great
ly appreciated, encore* being the order of the
evening. ,
PORTLAND, Or., March 10.— The steamer
Quito/ which encountered a heavy Icefield on
her recent voyage from the Orient to this port,
was so badly damaged that she will be unable
to fulfill her contract with the Government.
Her agents have substituted the Adato, which
arrived from Manila to-day.
SANTA ROSA, March 10.— George Cleary
cbarced.wlth grand larceny, was found guilty
to-dSy and will be sentenced en Monday. He
"rolled a drunk" In a local saloon. A Jury
was sworn, a dozen witnesses examined, the
case was argued and submitted and the verdict
returned all in an hour and a half.
LOS ANGELES. March 10.— Mr. and Mr*.
"William Sharpless and Mr. and . Mm. Herbert
8. Johnson have returned from a relief trio
amons the Indians of San Diego County to
whom. they- carried clothing and provisions.
They say the stories of want which come from
that part of the country are not exaggerated.
THE SAN FRANCISCO ;? CALL, THUE SD AY, MARCH 20, 1902 .
4
.' :< - •'•¦;._ .;•¦. ADVEBTISE-tE-ITS. ¦
The treatment of Catarrh with antiseptic and W/SjRsF^Sm
astringent washes, lotions, salves, medicated .tobacco -^^fe
and cigarettes or. any external or local application,. is Jsr^
just as senseless as would be kindling a fire on. top of '^^^^^^C
the pot to make it boil. True, these give temporary C^^P^^^V
relief, but the cavities and "passages of the head and the J§j§^llidp_
bronchial tubes soon fill up again with mucus.
. ; Jaking cold is the.first step towards Catarrh, for it W^s^^^^^^
checks perspiration, and the poisonous .acids and • x IP^Iy
vapors which should pass off through the skin,, are
thrown back upon the mucous membrane or inner skin '-^^S^^^s^V
producing inflammation and excessive flow of mucus'
nmdi of which absorbed into the blood, and through the circulation
: -S£SrJ£?iS£ m theStomach^KidneysanSS
P- 3^, 0 /. % tody- When tiie disease assumes the dry form, the breath
becomes; exceedingly foul, blinding headaches are frequence eves 4
hearing affected and a constant ringing in the ears No reme<K- tw a ¦*¦
not reach:the polluted- blood can furf. Catarrh.^/S/I.^s fro^S
/Si /Si /Z2l ?? cu } at }° n matter, and when rich pSe
(O* (Of TO' bloo . dis . again coursing through the bodv thl
_*^V _>^V _*^\ mucous membranes become healthy and th/ «^
tS) ©>, t^,*^e,*ntte disagreeable, painful s^pWdisar,
J^T • : ? ear ' ; anda permanent,: thorough cure is effeSS"
¦S.S:;S. being .a. strictly vegetable blood purifier 'doSs not der^o?^*
Stomach and digestion; but the appetite and general hSth raoidl^ ?£t C
under its tonic effects. ' Write us about your case and^et S_ hSr imp J? v f
advice free. Book on blood _nd skin disuses sTnt^ afplicati^f
TH^SWIFX SPECIFIC CO.. A tla^ a , oo.
Are You the Man You pa'ght to BeP Are You as Strong as
You Look? Or Have You Weak Nervep, Failing- or _ost Vital Pow-
er,. Waste of Strength, "Varicccele, Poor Memory, Dull and Stupid
Feelings, _ost Ambition, Weak Back and a General Breaking Down
• of Your Manly PowersP A
1 •' - •¦'¦ _*BS__. '¦- Have you doctored without benefit? Is your
>f|g>gr5a Etomzrch ruined irom drugrs and your money wast--
(ti>£k/j& \ PfI? Atp you lired of trying useles remedies?
ul-zZ&V Then come to mo. I have a positive and certain
» i BR. MCLAUGHLIN'S ELECTRIC BELT.
' ' You put It on when you go to bed and sleep
I peacefully under the influence of its warming, vi-
>* _2?Wv tallzing- power. You awake full of ambition, with a
>**'^~*" < Sr SVv healthy desire to tackle your- day's work. Each
jf N \\ cay you gain new life from it, and soon begin to •
- fi\ \\ \ feel yourself a man among men. Each symptom
'rA \\ of your trouhle ' gradually disappears, strength
'• f\\'ni<&\ 1 takes the place of weakness, and your life is made "
¦ t ¦ *F>3&*_ •&. .happy by the re's tcration v of your .old health and
e A^r V ***»^»»J| vieor. ¦¦ • .
f $ V >^w \ .A WONDERFUL CURE.
»r M^^ • - Tomales. Marln Co., Cal.. Jan. 26,' 1002.
6>OWt_ > Tin. m. c. Mclaughlin.
' ' t-rLjJ Dear Sir — One could not Imagine the sle^e of suffering
\,\ <5>- sT"'! t^^7 I Pa*«ed through from stomach - trouble and rheumatism.
'"¦ *a*\- % A I was subjected to severe drug, treatment, stomach pump
** : l'^**sHy*Tli treatment and diet treatment without the least relief I
\*i Vi^__ -V*^r rew disgusted with them all and as a last resort tried
VOfoJKft _^ yoar b« 1 t.-two years ago. .In three days I could fling
' ¦\ff*To^~j~3£S52*Sl away mr cane, and ln three months was a new man en-
> Jjrt7_>'___*»«b.l . tlrely cured and felt better than I had for years. Several
or my friend*- have since purchased your belt*. 1 would .net part with mine for
¦¦ $1100 If I could not «ret another. . . Yours truly >
; ¦ . This man was cured 2 yrs. ago. ¦ \ , JOHN B. GUAY.
YOU SHOULD TRY BT.
• - Call and see^what a fine piece of mechanism It Is and wha\ power it has.
If you cant call send for my. book about It; free if you send this ad. :
DD M C McLAUfiHF IN 702 market street,
"I*. 111. V. I 1C1u_^V_5£I1_11^, San Francisco, Ci!. ;<
OFFICE HOURS— S a. m. to 8:S0 p. m. Sundays, 10 to L • ¦
Positively cured by thcs»
Little Pills. ; v ,'^;
They also relieve distress from Dys-
pepsia, Indigestion and Too Hearty
Eatiug. A perfect remedy for Dizzi-
ness.. Nausea, Drowsiness, Bad Taste
in the Mouth, Coated Tongue. Pain in
the, S^de. TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
) Small Pill. Small Dose.
¦. ¦"' :¦•'-.• Small Ppico. •
ON EASTER SUNOAY
The man who does not have his linen
furnished by. the United States Laundry
had better stay out cf the procession. Our
work ia known and appreciated by tha
best dressers because of its acknowledged
superior finish, which only skill and ex-
perience can give.
No saw edges. '
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY ASSN.
Office 1OO4 Market Street.
Telephone— South 42O.
Oakland Office— 54. San Pablo Ave.
__^__l—^ ___. —a " —
1 m An establishment de- g
ffl voted to the making o! B
m Spectacles and Eye- ||
P Glnsses. Factory on II
prcinls25 «• ¦» ** «**». w|
¦ ; ; :
TO THE PUBLIC,
' X _ ave been wonder-*
fully cxixed of fits and of
-- €$r$r a ''%<3 - hi P trouble by th* Cj-
\fcyp inoua herb doctor. • 'Wonjr
VjSSj'CT I Him. of 115-11? Mason
Af f g ¦ 8t -> s - ~« I ~* ¦ »«arly
%-'£_^ /• dead when I came to
jvir**** / him and tJls flts l hatl
_^ < S__^Ab_^ were dreadful, but I am
jHP£***j jSJ^v «njoy*ns perfect health
•Sfeii"^*^^-*^ « f the wonderful cures
¦"•SViSweSi-:*"*" he has mad* 'for me.
I came frtun Meridian. Sutter County, Cal., - to
Dr. Wong Him and he ha^" cured me of all my
ailments. MRS. CHAS. E. DOTT.
Meridian. Sutter Count?. C»L
January 21, 1902. f 'V^;-:.-
SAX FRANCISCO. Oct. 6. 1000.— Te> whom
It may concern: Thla is to- certify that DR.
WONG HIM of 115-117 Mason St.. San Fran-
cisco, baa cured ¦ me of kidney trouble and
rheumatism, and I am happy to make this
statement, as \ find the Doctor strictly honest
ln every sense of the word, and an honorable
man ln all his dealings. DR. C. A. GAY,
Dentist. 902 Second ave., Seattle. Wash.
December 15. 1900.— Thia Is t» certify that I
was suffering for fifteen years from Bright'*
dlnease of the kidneys and a. tumor on my left
side. I tried a number of doctors and vartoua -
remedies without affording mo any relief. That
six months ago I applied to Dr. Wonjr Him of
115-117 Mason st.. San Francisco, and now
after alx menths of his treatment I am entirely
cured and In perfect health. I write thla ln my
appreciation of "Dr. Wong Him. and that other
sufferers may be relieved, and I will b« glad to
certify to thla tn person to any one that may
call upon me at my resldanca. . ...
- MRS. JOHN ALLAJfSON,
Orchard ave.. Elmhurst. Alameua County, CaL
d visit DR. JORDAN'S grcat£
Jhbsedh of Ai-flTaayJ
a gp 1351 mzzzn.ttt *_*?-, o.r.w,i
_ XiT «, Th^ L**x*M Asatonical Hut cum tinbe \
9 Cafes* —."J- Jtt%~ t Y* M *"* e«"»«ed 6
U. lfT.'*tVl *«»»* l»«»HI»»ly rarsdhy the oldest T
O Iggil Sp«ei_iit<mtlwc__ £H7)«n Q
4 (}^^4 CR. JGRDAH-01SEASES 0? MEM ft
\ »«>V^_ Cen«u1l»tton ft-e atu] itilcily priT»t-. \
F B && 3 l!"*-" 6^ P«nonali r n b r »e»«. a A
\ fi V Y ft "*" tv * Cw " a «v«T e_aoaa«ruketi \
A fl H. »*la»o!« book for mm) _
r n_. j«rd*.'( a co.. U5i u»*krtnL.a. r 9
EeH* <w?t h =M I!- . •* 1 a e n " Slectno
e^a«_7e£j ?*^5e -aspe-aory> „
cur^fl ' to !»»»<-- aU the
'now _d!»S. ropertl «"- oC - tJle «P en » l *« belt*.
. ow ,*° ltl by doctors and dregsista It gives
.. V 7 stron s current of electricity aad U
•?"" y "plated. Bound to supersede' L
«»w Can be had from the undersigned
only; ; \O AGENT3: NO DISCOUNT. Clrt-
E_1 £. 'i* 8 *- Cal1 or addresa PIBRCE ELEC-
j 143 -Broad wax. New Tor*.
¦ SUMMER RESORTS.
BAY STATE HOUSE,
SANTA CRUZ. CAL.— MAKCU I MRS, -T-
D1A MATH1SON will open tha Bay 8t_t«
House and Cottasre3 for the season, newly fur-
nished and refitted. Those who Know the lady'a
p.-idp reputation for good cooking will readily
understand -that the table will be the chief
feature of tho -menage of the Bay State. Th*
tous* ia beautifully situated on. Beach Hill,
eloso tor tho bathing beach. An attractive hom»
for either tha summer or winter at moderate
rates. Open th* year round. For terms ad-
flress: MRS. LYDIA MATHISON Bay SUM
Housa and Cottages. Santa Cri_. Cal.Yesterday's decision follows out in its
line of argument that of a year ago." Th«
language of the first opinion is .quoted
wholesale : in the one handed down yes-
Quotes the First Opinion.
dared valid by the courts. They failed
first as to the realty and now as to the
personalty.
Judge Troutt decided both of the cases
in-the Superior Court, and both of his de
cisions' have : been fully affirmed - by the
higher tribunal. • The -Fair heirs have
been represented throughout the j later lit
igation by Attorneys Knight and.Heg
gerty.. : '¦¦ ¦ . ¦¦ ¦¦.:¦ ¦¦ ¦¦¦:¦ ¦¦ •¦¦;-¦;¦ . ¦•¦¦•¦
JamesiG., Fair's -immense wealth has
been to-all.- intenjjs ¦ and- purposes -finally
disposed of. The children plan to expend
a ' large' amount of money : in : improving
: Justices Henshaw, Garoutte and • Van
Dyke concur, directly with Justice McFar
land. .Chief Justice • Beatty and Justice
Harrison dissent. Justice Temple did not ; '
participate 'in the decision;- In the .previ
ous decision the , members of tne court
held, exactly the, same: positions except
that Justice Temple was -ined v- with
the dissenters.
Tvro- Justices Dissent.
¦ The opinion. Is written by. Justice Mc-
Farland. It is very brief. .The: argu
ments of the attorneys. for the executors
are given little consideration/ . The deci
sion' is practically affirming the position
of the court on the case which involved
the real property. When- the realty de
cision was . handed down it was thought
among the attorneys in general - that ; the
heirs .would get control of the whole for
tune. The executors could not of, course
relinquish their claims on the personalty
without a fight.'- '
¦ Of -course ; there are cases, some of -which' are'
cited by appellants, where provisions about
personalty in . a trust have , . been, enforced
while provisions In the same trust about realty
were held to be invalid, but they were cases
• •'"•• where It was said "The teat is whether
the upholding of one part and the rejection of
another will defeat the presumed wishes of
the testator and r ¦•• ,* ...» where ,. • • • it la
possible, to" cut' but , the .invalid'..' provisions- so.
as to leave Intact the parts that are valid and
to ¦ preserve the general plan of ; the testator.
Under these conditions to hold that the tes
tator, if he had known- that his attempted
disposition of the realty was invalid and that,
upon hls : death,' his vast amount- of real prop
erty, worth many millions of dollars, wtfuld
go Immediately- in' fee Eimple to his children
and wouM have given to them also the income
of his ¦ personal • property would ' be 'to : indulge
in a- most Impossible supposition ¦ and to vio
late the settled law on that subject. . '
The court then says in closing
The court then reviews the provisions
of the will. The trustees were given au
thority to improve the real property with
the personal. They could sellreal estate
or they could' buy real estate with the
personal property.' The trustees were di
rected to give the three children the net
income. That" could be either large or
small,' as suited their tastes. It was in
tended, that the children should never get
the corpus of the estate." When they
should die the fortune was to go to their
children, except those of Charles. .
Reviews Provisions of Will.
It is evident, therefore, that the court in
tended to decide, and did decide (in the pre
\-loua decision) that the Invalid trust defeated
the , whole scheme • of the ¦ testator { and left
standing 1 no otherwise • valid provisions which
were not inseparably interwoven with those
which were invalid. The- decision, it is true,
did not expressly mention the personal ¦ prop
erty because it happened that the, decree, of
distribution there appealed from dealt only
with the real property; but It would as clearly
have swept away the claims of the trustees
to the personality if that had been in the way,
as it did their claims to the life estate. In
deed, the decision applies with even more fore?
to the personal property than to the life estate.
In the will there Is no distinction between
the realty and the personalty. They are both
untied In one Inseparable trust.
CHILDREN OF THE I^ATE JAMES G. FAIR,: WHO COME INTO UNRE
STRICTED POSSESSION OF A F ORTUNE WHICH IS ESTIMATED TO
BE APPROXIMATELY EIGHTE EN MILLION DOLLARS.
James Angus. Thomas Carothers and
William S. Goodfellow were named by
James G. Fair as the executors of his
will. At; trustees of the property they
have derived a rich income. Naturally.
they did not want to hand the control of
the fortune over to the heirs. They nave
put up a hard tight to have the will.-de-
Such a disposition of - the property
pleased none of the relatives who -were
left behind. Litigation was begun en
fcvery eide. Nettie Craven tried to get a
fchare of the fortune and failed. The Su
preme Court a year ago declared that the
trust clause was invalid in so far as the
real estate was concerned. The capital
ist's attempt to convey the realty to
grandchildren over the heads of his son
and daughters was found to be illegal.
Yesterday the same tribunal decided that
such a disposition of the personal prop
erty would also be illegal.
The title to the properly has been in
cijsrute ever since the death of James G.
Fair, in 1S34. The dead had hardly been
laid away before the living commenced
battling: for the millions left behind. Fair
cild not want to ' trust his fortune to bis
children. In his will he made provision
that they should divide the income during
the terms of their natural lives. When
they should die the principal was to go to
the children of the two girls. Any off
spring of Charles Fair was cut out of the
will entirely. . .
fortune from the grave has utterly
failed. The tireless efforts of a score of
the most brilliant lawyers that California
lias produced have succeeded in defeating
the purposes of the dead multi-million
aire. The three children. Charles. The
resa. Oclrlchs and Virginia Fair Vander
'uilt, can do what they will with the $18,-
CJ0.O0O which the estate is --'said -.-to be
v;orth. '.-'..-."-
piiij J IE Supreme Court has annulled
|l the will of James G. Fair, part
II and parcel. His plan to control
1JL 'he disposition of his enormous
Mrs. Craven has : spent money •- to no
avail. The executors are disappointed "at
the result of the .litigation. The Fair
children". have spent nearly $2,000,000 in
galningr their rights. ,. ;,
But there are . people who have reaped
rich\ benefits.'/ They are the lawyers. It is
no wonder that they sigh mournfully that
litigation over the Fair will Is a thing of
the past.- Judge Paterson is said to have
gathered in about $10,000. Judge Hayne
went his way with $25,000. James HVBudd
got a snug little fortune of $100,000. The
executors have to be content with only a
mere pittance of $115,000. Attorney Gar
ret McBnerney received as a reward for
his services the sum of $135,000. The. law
firm of Pierson, Mitchell & Carotherswas
turned . away with $270,000. The firm of
Lloyd & : Wood got approximately $1,000.-
OOO.but out of this sum they have to- pay
good round fees to Bishop & Wheeler,
Judgft Garber. and Wilspn & "Wilson.
Knight & Heggerty will get about $300,000,
which will help relieve them from -many
of the anxious cares of the unsympathetic
world. '; ¦ - ; ' '-.• •':!•' - : . '" •;-.. : ;- '
The Craven specter • still • haunts ...the
courts, but is gradually dissolving Into -a
mere remembrance. .An appeal Is before
the SuoremeCourt from Judge. Trouttls
order denying a new trial in the "pencil
deeds'' • case. There is also an appeal
from the • lower court's order, denying
Mrs. -Craven a family allowance.' Her
cause seems practically a lost one.; :?:
Craven- Specter About ; Laid.
city property, and it Is expected that San
Francisco will be greatly benefited laere
by. Their real estate holdings- within the
city, and county are great- and the value
of them.. Is constantly Increasing..'Nobody
knows what the estate is worth. .. It was
at one time appraised to' have a" value. of
$15,000,000. ,It is. estimated now. to be worth
somewhere near $18,000,000. The ¦ personal
property- is supposed to be»-worthviabout
$9,000,000. ?• Most of it is in gilt-edged bonds
and stocks.:- •-.- *, ¦-"-"- • ~ '-.":•:'»¦¦•"-'. .'¦'-
James G. Fair wrote ,hls will ;on Sep
tember 21, • 1894. | He .died ".December . a8,
1884. ¦¦¦ The will was filed next : morning' by
Attorney Pierson, who had drawn it up.
William S. Goodfellow thought ; he had
the genuine will in a safe in .Vancouver.-
B. O. This little difficulty -was' adjusted
satisfactorily in a short .time.:, litigation
commenced ten. days later.' It has :-• con
tinued until the present: time and lnfact
.there are.ja few j minor matters which yet
remain to be decided.* J i ; . v':: ! ;
The Archbishop in closing .'charged ' the
congregation to continue the work It :hai.d
begun so well. * ;"' : ,.¦ • '•. •¦ . - . ¦'¦'
In teginning his sermon Archbishop
Riordan ¦ congfratulated I the Catholic ¦ peo
ple of • Stockton on the completion of the
-chapel; - He especially congratulated Ma
jor J. D. Peters, Miss Julia -Weber and
Mrs. ' Laogler,' who have labored' most
diligently for the erection of the edilice.
The speaker said that humanity had' two
great works of charity to perform. 'The
-nrst :was the looking, after, little children,
preparing • and - - strengthening..^ them
against the vicissitudes; of life; ... second,
the caring for tne old, the preparing of
their .souls ! for eternity. -Archbishop 1
Riordan said that the time would never,
come when ' there would be ¦ no -poor. ¦ . He "
added: . , t ...; 1 ¦ .
The -valleys have no moYe right to 'cry out
against the mountains than we have. to, cry out
against each other. Anything is a curse that
leads man away from God's- commandments.
Poverty would -be a curse if it were; riot] ac
cepted with resignation. By the sweat of thy
brow .; shalt thou • earn thy . bread, is - a .' funda
mental law and cannot be set aside without vlo
j latins: the' law: of the Almighty. • -¦ ;
Blessed are the poor in spirit for they shall
see- God. ' There Is '.too. much bitterness felt
to-day by tho poor. ¦' There la too much bitter
ness felt by those who have not against those
who have. ' Blessed are those eouls who are not
so entirely wrapped up in this. world's' things.
Resignation and submission and a feeling that
what we have is best for - us, that where we
are Is the place we should be — when we have
these then shall we commence to see the ladder
leading up to heaven. Of all the classes who
have a claim on our sympathy the greatest are
those whose tottering footsteps to eternity are
unsupoorted by relatives. They wiil come here
and here also the sick will come. Here while
they are gaining back health I charge you to
sow in ' their hearts the seeds of virtue.
The . chapel— as beautiful a little . temple
as "there is' in the interior of ; the • State- 1 
.w&s ;¦/ prettily'.'." decorated •>;¦ with -..callas
and smilax. About _ the altar, which ¦¦:¦ is
of ,,tho finest ¦ marble, burned \ dozens \_ Qt
candles. , The edifice is by .'. no,, means
small,' yet it was entirely Inadequate for
the : numbers who crowded • within 1 its
walls to witness the ceremonies. -' \
!¦- Father O'Connor of St.: Mary's Church
In -this, city celebrated a- solemn high
mass as a commencement to the services.
Father Garvey, also • , of St. Mary's
Church', was master' of ceremonies; and
the choir of St. Mary's rendered special
music. -..>.-¦¦.• .<-.¦. • -* . '. .- ».* :
STOCKTON, March 19.— The pretty
chapel at I St. \ Joseph's Home was dedi
cated to-day. Archbishop . Riordan
pieached the . dedicatory sermon ' and
Bishop .Montgomery of ;Los Angeles' was
among 'the distinguished, visitors. Other
Catholic ; clergymen present;, were Father
Guerin of Sonora - and^ Father Gay of
Fresno, who acted as'deaconsln the cere
monial; . Father Garvey, Father Maguire
of San' Jose." Father* Kiordan of Berkeley,
Father McCue of . Bockeford; - Father
Nevin of Oakdale, . Father J Lacey . and
Father O'Connor. ;< ¦- - - : ¦
Special Dispatch to The Call.
terday. The executor^' contended -that
/ even though part of the. trust clause was
I invalid, that did not affect the other part.
• The heirs held, that the testator's inten
'• tion as to the personal property was so
interwoven with this plan for the disposi
tions^ the realty that when one was de
clared void the other must- also -fall.
On this line of argument. the court says:
Of course the . general rule Is . well .settled
that there arc- valid and invalid clauses; in a
\ will. Tho question whether the valid, clauseu
can stand depends uix>n whether or \ not the
'nvalid cnes are po Interwoven with them that
they cannot be eliminated without Interfering
with and changing the main scheme ot- the
. testator. • • .. • • • ¦
Urges Hearers to Guide the
little Children , and Care
for the Aged.
Archbishop RiordanOffi
1 ciates at Ceremony '
in Stockton.
Supreme Court Decrees That Muki-Miliionaire^ James^ G.^ : Fair-s Will
Is Wholly Void and That His Enormous Wealth Is the Possession
of His Heirs, Who May Do With It as Suits Their Pleasure
FAI R C HI L D R EN WIN BATTLE
FOR MANY MI LLIS0N5 OF DOLLARS
PRETTY CHAPEL
IS DEDICATED
THE SAN; FB^NGISCO : ;^K iTOUESp0i jMAM^ ;20, 1902.
5
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
' . -.nan nt.*N«:i««:o.
¦ ¦ - (M»in IJiie. Foot of Market Street.) - .: -r
CEAVB ' — • • FllOU FEBRUARY 9, 13C3. — AK1UTI
1:00* Benicia, Sniaun, Elmir* and 8tera*
Uiento....'.....'...... 8:33*
?iOOa V»cafille. Wlctcn, Eumsey "Js33»
?>3W A M artiuez, S»n ltainou. Vallejo. Kaps^ .
UaltRtoKH mill Hants Uona 0:33r
¦:O«A DaTig. Woodland. KnigQU Laodinc
Marjullle. Orotille.. 7».1-1»
' 8:0Oa AtUutic Kipres*— Ogden tod Rut *:93a
M:O<»a Xllea, Ltthrop, Stockton "iiUZt
SiUOa Nik*, Mendota, Hanford. Visalia.
- rorfcrrille.:; „.. 4«33f
S:3Ua ShastA Kxpress— Da? la, Williams (tot
Bartlett Rprlncs}, Willows. Reil
Bluff. Foriland... 7tS3»
- iiSHt 8»n .lone, - Umrmore, Htucktnn,
!:Vi. I.me. .Sacramento. PlacrrTllle, .
M»ry»»ille, Cliico. lieil ltluff 4>33t
- «i»Oa OaVdalr. Chinese, 8onora. Tuolumne 4:23*
I »:»«* Hnyvj»rd, Nile! aud Way SUtioui.. 1 1 :53a
IWIOa Vallcjo..... lai»3»
VxUUa Jam Anseles - Eznress — Kiartinas.
. Tracy, La^hrnp. Htocktoo, Mereeu
' - Fresno ami Ixm Ancttles ?tS3*.
»i»o a Vallejft. Martinez aii<l Way Statlena 7i33r
IOiOWA The Oterlaml Limited— Ogdsn, U«D*> ¦ - ' — •
ver, Umaha. Chicago... Bi33>
' jltOOr Sacrameuto l!l»er 8le»in<«n flliOO?
door Uenlcia,: Winters. fiaeramtnto.
\ ¦ Wouilland. . Kulglits l.aniliiig.
\- . Mnrrxillle. (Hoville l«:33a
l:3Ar Ilaynard^ Nllra aud Way Stations.. 7:.13»
4io»r Martlnex, Han itaiuon. Valiejo,
N»pa. OullHtnKa. Hanta Itoaa SiSila,
4tOOr Nilen, LIvermore. Stockton, Lodl... IB. all
«>:t*>FHayirard. Nile», Matk.line, LiT»rmore t»s-"»3*
4:IOpTli» Onl Limitad V Fresno, Tulare,
•'i- Bakerafialil. Haiigm for Saiils> liar-
. bara, Los A nettles... 0:534
HiOOp Port Costa. Tracy. Lathrop. Stockton 1«i23a
5i«Or Mirtlii'x. Antlocb. StocktOD, Mer-
• oed, Fre*no lSt93»
•i««p Ilaynard.NlimamlHan Jose 7x83a
1S,oa r ValleJ H»234
tf iOHk Oriental •; ' Moll— Ggrfan, Denrtr,
¦-• Omaha. St Louis, Chicago 4iSSf
TiOOp Oregon and Califuriil* Kx|irewi,«aa- *
* V- rnmmitii, MarjHtlllo. IC«<MIhk.
l'ortlini.t. Tngek Huiind ami East ¦«3»k
•i«»F San Pablo. Port Coxta. Martines
anrt Way Stations HiSS*
t»»a.tp Vaiiwjf. 7iaay
COAST IilNB- (Narrow <Jnn B «).
- (Fcotijf Market Street.)
••U»ANowark,«.'oiiter»llle,8au.l<)««.l'>lton.
lioulderUruak.HaiiUOriisand Way
. " ¦ : ¦ • ¦ 8uu.mi!.....-....-......:...... •!»•»
f*i|ll r Newark, Conlortllle, Ban .Tola. U«w
-'->•¦ Alma.1«D, Feltoii. llnnl(>.er Oreek,
8anta . Vtnz and 1'riaeipal Way
Station*-...:: .-...' l»i»«*
4ilSr Newark, N»» .lone. IcnGatos. ...... tSiSOA.
' at.Snp Hunter*' Train -San .Toe« aad Way
Station*. t7.*9t
.OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
from SIS msCISCO— fon »f Xukst Street (Slip $)—
: 17:15 ¦ ».0O 11:00a.m. 1:C3 3:M BUBr*.
rmsOtlUHD— f»sl»fgruiiw.t,— fi:00 {a:00 t3:C»
10:00*. m: ¦ ,ri2:03a.0a. i:00r.M...
: -; - COAST. IjINE (Broad Hans;*).
(Third irnd Towmen.l Sta.)
«:I«A Ban Jose and >Vay Station* n t 4»i
. 7:00a fun Jo«e ami Way SUtli.in.... t»:«H»4
/7i««a Kbit Aliraden......". / AlIBF
vtiOOA Coast: Line limited — 8an Jom,
Gilroy, Salinas, Bar. Lnis Oblapo,
Santa Itarbara, Lou Angeles and
principal Intermediate stations.... 10i«3»
. ' SiOOa Nan - Jute. Ties linos. Mantu, Cruz,
lNoiiic Utnie, tallnts. San I.nl»
. Obispo and Principal iutermedUU '
• Stations .. «!!•»
10t»0i San Jcoe aud Way Station*. . *i*9k
II:H«a HaiLlnienmt Way NUtloi- B;l«4
<»i ISp San Matrn, ICed wood, Me nlo Park.
Palo Alto. 8aut» Clara. 8an . loa*.
1 . Tro» PInos, • Hanta Crux, : Salinas.
¦' " Moiuerayanil l\icll>c Grnre .tl«t43«,
SiSOpMan Jo«a and Way Stations.. ....... t<S«p
-. :»4tl»r San Jnseaml frii.eipal Way Stations «!«•>
.-• 4 iS Or Scnset Limited— Mondays, Wednes.
¦ -. - flays, Fridsja. -for, Los Angelea, £3
Paso. New Urleans and New York; ;
¦ . ' . Arrires . Sundays, -faesdays aad . ¦ • ;
'Thursdays.......:................ »<»'t»»
MttOr San Jo"«, I/>9 Oato* and Principal
.' ' t Way Stations...'. .-........: i»t«O*
¦ ¦iHOpSau.inseBii.l Principal Way Stations 6:S4»»
HiSMp San Jose and Way .Stations 7>S«»
. TiMr N'ev Orleans Express — flan Lnl* "
. Obispo. Santa Barbara,' 'Loit An- '.
-. celes, D'raing, El Paso, New O»-'
lean«»ndE«st.... ................ »!»••»
[ f»lt4»p San Joss «y<» Way Stotlomi. ........ 7»lwt
- A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
",'f Sunday excepted. - I Sunday only.
- •Sttmday only. . . /Tutsdays and fridaytj.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 JEEAK^rr ST. Established
In 1934 for the treatment of private
Diseases, Lost Mannood. Debility or '
dhfasff wearing on body anil mind and
Skin Diseases. The Doctor cures when '
others , fail. Try htm. Charges low.
*'nrc«i;narnnter<l. Cull or writ*
Dr. 3, f. «IBBOS. i>*u Francisco. CaJL -_
RAILWAY TBAVEIb
Santa Fe
Trains-Daily.
Ltav« Market-atreet Ferry Depot.
| LocaVTLim'dlOvriM Local
I Dally | Daily I Dally Dally
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:18 p
" Merced... 12:25 p l:17p 1:30a 9:11 p
" Fresno... 2:06 p 2:35 p 3:15 a 10:50 p
" Hanford.. 3:12 p 3:27 p 8:05 a
" VlsaUa... 3:3»p ... 5:00a
- Bakersfld. 6:15 p 5:20 p 7:48 a
" Kan. City 2:4Oa 7:30a
" Chicago. 2:15 p 8:00 p
a for morning, p for afternoon.
9:00 a. m. train. is the California Lim-
ited, carrying Palace Sleeping . Cars and
Dining Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car
runa to Bakrrsfleld for accommodation of
local . first-class passengers. No- second-
class tickets are honored on this train. Cor-
responding train arrives at 7:08 a. m. daily.
4 :20 p. m. Is Stockton, Merced and Fresno
local. Corresponding train arrives at 12:30
p. m. dally. -
8 p. m. Is the Overland Express, -with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago: also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 6:00 p. m.
daily.
7:20 a. m. is Bakersfleld Local, stopping
at all points In San Joaquin Valley. Cor*
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. daily.
Offices — 641 Market street and In Ferry
Depot. San Francisco; 1112 Broadway.
Oakland.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN BY. CO.
LESSEES
SAN FRANCiSCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DATS— 7:30. 9:00, 11:CO a. m.; 12:35.
3:30. 5:10" 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra
trip at 11:30 p. va. Saturdays — Extra trip*
at 1:50 and 11:30 p. m. . . ¦ ,- ¦_!
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30, 11:00 a, m.; 1:30, 3; «*>
| 5:00; 6:20 p. m. :
San Rafael to San Francisco. 1 .
"WEEK DATS— 6:10. 7:50. 0:20. 11:10 aJ m.':
12:45, 3:40. 5:15 p. m. Saturdays — Extra
trips at 1:55 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10. 9:40. 11:10 a. m.: 1:40. 3:40t
5:05. 6:25 p. m.
Leavo I ' In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. [Apr. 28, 10011 San Francisco..
Week I Sun- I I Sun- I Week
Days. I days.' | Destination t days. | Days.
7:30am 8:00am Novato. 10:40am 8:40am
3:30pm 9:80am Petaluma, 8:05pm 10:23am
B :10pm 5:C0pm Santa Rosa. 7:35pm 6:20pm
Fulton. ' •
7:30am ¦ Windsor. ;. 10:25am
5:00pm Healdsburs. 10:40am
Lytton. •
GeyservUle.
3:30pm S :00am Cloverdale, 7:35pm 6:20pm
7:30am 6:00pm Hopland 10:40am 10:25am
.3:20pm 8:00am and Uktah. 7:35pm| 6:20pm
7:30am ' 10:40am 10:25am
8:00am GuernevlUe. 7:35pm
3:30pm 5:00pm - • 6:20pm
7:30am| S:00am Sonoma 9:13am 8:40am
| . - T ¦ and " *'-¦¦':¦ i ¦¦
5:10pm| 5:00pm Glen Ellen. 6:05pm 6:20pm
7:30am| 8:00am| ~ ]10:40am|19:2Sam
3 :30pm| 5:COpm[ Sebastopol. I 7:^5pm|tt:20yin
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altruria: at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Geyservllle for Skaggs Springs;' at Cloverdal»
for the -Geysers; at Hopland for - Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs, Ketseyvllle, Carla-
bad Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport . and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratov*
Springs Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Late. Witter
Springs. Upper Lake. Pomo; Potter Valley.
John Day's. Riverside. Lierley's.- Bucknell'».
Eanhedrtn HeUchts. Hullvllle. Orr's Hot Springs.
Mendocino City. Fort Brass. Westport. Uaal.
Wlllits. - LaytonviMe, Cummins. Bell's Sprin**.
Harris. : Olsen's. Dyer. Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
. On Sundays round-trip tickets to all - points
-beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticker office, 650 Market street. Chronlcl*
building. -oMkMf4fe~. .-
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
. ..Gen. Manager. Sen. Pass. AjrU
:^^^; 1 -:: : v^--_ >•_¦¦'_ ¦¦!¦_•_'•__: /___¦_ __-_ . advertisements.
. ' ' '. ' . ¦' '. ; - ; ' ' ' ¦'• — : — ~~ ' • ¦"-¦;.'¦-.••.
Pe-ru-na a Specific Restorative That -^Has- Stood
the Test of Time.
NOTABLE RECOVERIES REPORTED HERE.
Miss Lou Ketchum, 1155 Bass Ave., Memphis, Tenn.; writes:
v Peruna brought me hearth and strength, and. I firmly believe in its
. efficacy. I had la grippe last w'intar and suffered for several weeks
without obtaining relief until I took Peruna. , Three bottles not only cured
mecompletely, but it left my system in a fine condition, and I feel. better
than I have for years. You hava a host of friends in Memphis."
MISS LOU KETCHUM.
***~_ — __ , _ — . . . — - _ —^ — ___ — . . — , .
Hon. James R.' Gulll Is one of the old- out, mucous membranes all congested, ap-
est and most esteemed men of Omaha, petite changeable, digestion capricious.
Neb., coming to that city in its early and just about empties life of all meaning
days when it little dreamed of being a or desirability.
metropolis. . > He has done much -to make There is no remedy in the world that
it what it Is, serving on public boards a meets the conditions produced by la
number of times. ," .^> _. grippe better than the remedy, Peruna.
A recent letter, written by him to, The Peruna strengthens as it renovates.
Peruna Medicine Co., of Columbus.-. O., soothes while it . stimulates, heals as It
indorsing their remedy, Peruna, for ca- expurgates. Peruna is not a purgative,
tarrh; consequently carries with it con- or cathartic, or sedative, or stimulant.
aiderable weight and importance. The nor a vegetable or mineral poison. It
following is his letter: . . -. \ reaches the source of- all diseases of the
OmahaSNeb.. January 25,1900. mucous membranes by its action on the
_, _ -«•'.•• n ¦ «„! jl „ vaso-motor system of nerves.
The Peruna Medicine LO., UO/umOUS, Every person who has had la grippe
¦ Qhjn' '¦'¦"' / ¦' during the last year should take a. coursd
n '.'/•' , t t co u of ; . Peruna. . No one need expect perfect
bentlemsn — / am OO years Ola, recovery T unless they, do so. The grip
am finfa nnd hnnntv nnd Parana has has produced catarrhal inflammation of
am hale ana : nearty, ana reruna nas the who i e mucous membranes, and good
helped me attain it. TWO years ago health is Impossible until 'these are re-
i £j :¦¦-/"'¦¦¦ • »-' CJL ///- .— » wl stored toa normal condition. This Pe-
I bad la grippe— my _ life was de- runa will do. . A great many remedies
sna/red of Peruna saved me." have been suggested for this condition
s P atro( ? OT - , reruna s " va " run I from tlme to time » but Peruna appears
•.„--.,.. . U.n. (jUILL. to be the only remedy that has any sub-
¦ Without raising the discussion- as to stantiar value . in_ these cases. It has
la grippe Is: produced by a stood the test; of forty years' experience
'specific microbe^ or' not// at V least » this : and still occupies the unique position of
-rnucn is certain and. admitted by all. v.being the leading '(if not the only) spe-
that It will produce chronic catarrh if not clflc remedy ; for the : after-effects of la
promptly and properly cured. It leaves grippe. - ¦¦:¦¦>" -r. >;
-a person haggard, weak.' sallow, frazzled- Among the.raany prominent people who
have been cured of the after-effects of
grip are the following:
Congressman Howard of Alabama
says:"'! hav3 taken Peruna for the
grip and recommend it as an excel-
lent remedy to all fallow suffjrers."
—M. W. Howard, Congressman from
Alabama. ¦
Congressman White of North Caro-
lina says: "I find Peruna io be an
excellent remedy for the grip. I
have used it in my family and they
all join ma in recommending it."—
George H. Whits, Congressman from
North Carolina. ,
Mrs. Harriet A. S. Marsh, President
of the I/If Oman's Benevolent Associa-
tion of Chicago, writes: .'."/ suffered
with grip seven waeks. Nothing helped
ma. Tried Peruna and within three
weeks I was fully restored. Shall
never be without it again.''
The following letter was received from
Mrs: M. "Wright, Secretary Good Temp-
lars Lodge No. 47, and Lady of the Mac-
cabees: . . - -
• ¦ 2314 Fillmore St., N. E.,
; ; \ Minneapolis. Minn.
"I suffered this winter with an attack
of la grippe and having heard of.
Peruna in such cases I decided to try it.
I am still using Peruna and find that it
helps me greatly.
"I have influenced several friends af-
flicted with chronic catarrh to take Pe-
runa and they all show wonderful im-
provement. I believe it to be the beat
medicine before the public."
MRS. M. WRIGHT.
! Mrs. M. Wright. :
At the appearance of the first symp-
: toms of grip people should stay indoors
i and take Peruna, in small doses < tea-
; spoonful every hour) until the symp-
¦ toms disappear. This will prevent " a
! long, disastrous sickness and perhaps
fatal results.
If you do not derive prompt and satis-
factory, results from the use of Peruna.
i write at once to Dr. Hartman. giving a
i full statement of your case and he will
i be pleased to give you hl3 valuable ad-
• vice gratis.-.
s Peruna i3 the acknowledged catarrh
• remedy of the age. Dr. Hartman,- the
'. compounder of Peruna, has written a
- book on the phases of catarrh peculiar to
•¦ women, entitled . "Health and Beauty."
It will be sent free to any address by
• The Peruna Medjpine Co., Columbus. O.
POSTUM CEBEAX.
MediGine w^\ff
And a Sure Loser,
It'p no -!j=<=-, o;<3 man. you can keep on y\ff^^*&?iZ$ai^ -^m- o
fjing them, one after the other, but as^C /£ m^ J^^^^^f^^g(SA
the szmo "Id. haunted look in your ffiftfr, fM. h^*~^^- Q^wfj^B^W
eyes, the fame lantern jaw, and clothes __ B^ffl* A^^^X^^^^^m
ihat need a bicycle pump, will ccn- s*3fflal/? M --A- : ''HKSar(ga
There are hundreds of thousands of HKBJjfft 1& . '^ I^KOHBH.
>--tur type, sick and miserable half their p&CSy I .^^ Pffll ¥ I >^^*
lives, taking cathartic ¦ pills, stomach v^»*7. I BiWy' |^' |L> ¦*> .
lemedics. blood purifleis, tonics and an I f . // \ ftf
endless string: of remedies, of VJ ! f \ ( •
vhich migrht be beneficial if you were •' : '."*.' \~ ) I
rot constantly pouring in a poison that V \0*(SfrirA
ke^ps up your trouble, and that poison -&&& \v /L-«3v p%SS$*
You say. "I ou^ht to be able to drink '^^HTv^vYfA^ '
coffee because I see others that use it . Ja - V /
and thrive/' bu. my dear man, your |^>1
make-up may be so highly organized, ¦*'¦?/
or of such a character, that coffee, even '/. \ . .\sr
one sma!! cup a day, is 'an -absolute There AivG Many*
poison to you. ' . . \
Tou can prove whether or not it :s the phyeicians and chemists. In a^ nut-
by leaving ofT coffee totally for a^pe-
nod of. say ten days or a monln. ; Dur- Foo( j Coffee nlc h is a liquid food of
Ing thi3 time eat plain food 'and drink high character that at once begins; re-.
Postum Food Coffee. building the destroyed nerve centers.
H your stomach gradually begins to These are facttv facts, facts, . and they.
..cove, pul ? beats right and -you ,ose
the uneaay feeling of ill health, you vantage of them. ." Remember Postum
can safely conclude that coffee has is a delicious beverage if made strictly
been a poison to you. and if you want according to directions, and -that is
to do things in this world-make easily done. Don't-V take^anyj;^cook's-
¦ . . . excuse or statement' that she roiiowca
money, be a success, round out your d | r ec t f Q ns. If your Postum • comes -to
body and win friends by your good na- the taBle weak and unpalatable, you
ture and healthfulness — you -want to can depend upon it the cook has. slight T
throw over rour coffee and take in re- ed the^ job. It is the easiest sort of; a
turn all these good things. It's. Just proposition to make good Postum. It
«« ,ub. E oc. ™ mroon ijai &-!«p?&*$^$$gSi£ :t
Underneath all this are reasons .of ¦ pot to prevent boiling over. All first-
the most scientific character known' to 1 class grocers sell Postum.
_ •• • . . • - . Itwmt^ wHnmT B^l'rti
AD VEBTISEMENTS. ¦ .
¦f5^/A^^e^.0fderi ;: .
i &$M i Mi\Mm* P erl °r to any ready--
made suit, and. costs
HiHiHH^i^ffi more; fits' better!
holds its shape bet-
'JteElKjMiw .¦¦ ter.looks more stylish
I0ii'^ V^l^ anc^ wcars longer, be-
i^n* i « vffll cause the right J sort
of tailoring and. ma-.
Hpffll '-'liffl , v .terlal are put Into it'.',
K^^Mif r« WAAL
J^ lot ia and ear ll while
; Be:Sare-of Car Name and Nnmber;
128 EHiS St. AbovePowcIl
' FOR OVER SIXTY YEARS. "
AH t OLD AND WELL-TRIED REMEDY. V
MRS. .WINSLOVV'6- €OOTH1NG SYRUP
has been 'used * for over . SIXTY : YEARS by
MILLIONS of MOTHERS for their CHILDREN;
WHILE TEETHING, WITH PERFECT SUC-
CESS. IT, SOOTHES the CHILD. SOFTENS
the GUMS. ALLAYS all PAIN; CURES WIND
COLIC. .- and 1* the : best ' remedy for DIAR-
RHOEA. -• ¦ Bold , by ] Druggist* In every . part ' of
the world. B« sure and ask for •;.. .
MRS.' • WINSL0 W,'S . ' SOOTHING - SYRUP
AND J TAKE ? NO OTHER ' KIND."
".•Twenty-Five Cents a Bottle. ¦
Solid Comfort
CHICAGO I
NEW YORK
¦¦¦ , Enquire of yonr nearest Railroad
:. Ticket Agent or write
QEO*. A. CULLEN ;•!
) Oeo'l Western Pass* r Agent
103 Adams Street, Chicago
1 . " - ' ¦ j • v 3'* . •¦¦•_" ' ' '•' ' ¦ ' ¦¦'.'
l — ..'¦''' • ' ".. ¦.* '...:¦-'¦"- ' " - ¦ '** ' ¦ ,'•¦
NORTH PACIFIC GOAST RAILROAD.
. • ¦•; '¦¦'¦ Via Sausallto f-erry .
'•' Commencing September 29, 1901.
¦FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO'MILL'VALLEY
"- .. v i» AND SAN RAFAEL. /
WEEK DAYS— 6 :B5, 8:30, »9:30, U:00 a. m.,'
•1-45 3:15, H :15, 5:15, »H:1S, 6:45 p. xn.,~ ¦
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays. Wednesdays and Saturdays
at 9:30 and ill >40 p.m. ; . ,•-..-
SUNDAY— '8:00. '10:00. »ll:30 a. m., »1:1S,;
3-15 ¦-•*:«,^6:30, 0:30 p.m. .. - - .
Trains marked <•) run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL. TO SAN FRANCISCO.
¦WEEK DAYS— »5:25. 6:27. 7:45. 8 :S5. 10:15
i'm n2:25. 2:15. »3:35. 4:40, 5:30 p. m.: •
TCXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays and
Saturdays at «:45 and 3:55 p. m. ¦ .
SUNDAYS— 6:15, •8:00,--»10:00.--*11:45 a. m..
•1-40 *3:15, 4:45. *6:30 p. m.
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentin. ' -
¦FROM MILi. VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
• WEEK DAYS— 5:45. 6:45, ; 7:55, 8:55, 10:30
«*m 12:35. 2:45. 3:60. 5:10 p. m. . -
- EXTRA -.TRIPS on- Mondays,; Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p.m. -. '
SUNDAYS— 8:05. 10:05 • a. m:, 12^05. 2:15.
a-SO- 6 - C0. 6:45 p. m.'- ¦ ¦¦••".>«•'.¦ ,-.\^
¦ • ¦ . THROUGH TRAINS. A
i'" 6:155 !¦'«>¦"«». ,week days — Cazadero and way
B -l:45 p. i mi J Saturdays— Duncan Mills and way
-8.00 a.'m.' Sundays — Duncan Mills and way
¦ Legal' Holiday, boats . and . trains will run oi»
'. Sunday .time. ¦ - ¦ :
MOUNT fAMALPAIS^RAILAVAY
-"¦ ¦• Lrave • - Via Sausalito Ferry Arrive.
San Fran." * Foot of Market St. ¦ 'San Fran. ".
!.Wcdc Sun- • T1W 4:U».-.ai wte p.««- , Sun " Week;.
9-30 A. 8:00 a. ntlinuaf ,,„« „ J£e 1.00 p. &.45 A.
41X5 T - *ifd 1% ,;;¦ - : IMi 5:55 .*:
: ' ' . F»r«, S«n Frwietifn l« Siunmlt »nd JUtnni. H SO.
.tfbkstOIKou, Ul UUUU; 8ULUT tad BAOSaUIO n&KZ. -REV. DR. CHARLES P. GRANNAN OF. NEW YORK, WHO IS THE PA
PAL CHOICE FOR AMERICAN CONSULTOR ON THE COMMISSION
' ON QUESTIONS CONCERNING HOLY WRIT.
• "I wrote to ,him the other day that I
thought it would be kinder for me not to
remit the check he asked for. Now he
writes: • • ¦.
" 'Dear Father, I shall never forget
your unremitting kindness.' "— Tld-Blta.
A Boston reader has discovered three
split Infinitives in the President's mes
sage. This ia an average of one split to
every five columns. However, nobody
has discovered any bad breaks in it.—
Kansas City Journal.
"H'mph!"- said, the plain citizen.
"Doesn't he make enough noise with his
vocal organs?"— Chicago Tribune.
"What Billy Mason needs," remarked
the political journalist, "Is one or two
personal organs."
• '*!" believe," said ' the 'boarder .'at 'the
head'of the", table, "you are something of
a lepldopterist. Miss Peller."
"In an amateur way only, Mr. McGln
nis," replied the young woman in the
next seat.r ¦¦•.,:. - ¦¦- "
".Well, here's a butter fly you may
.have," he said, pointing at it as he passed
the dish to her.
Whereupon she promptly stuck a pin In
him.— Chicago Tribune.
V-. A GHANCE TO ! SMILE.
J David.B; Hill, it is'said/is.to^e^adelhe^custo
dian,of ; all gubernatorial booms in ; New York., ; 'Sit
is strange how some people : become ; grossly care
less of ;what may', be of some value 'to them/ • !
The yellow -journals -have- been "doing things"
again. This time,: it' was ;, an # . unwarranted,' black
guardly, attack: upon a; member 'of/the House of Rep
resentatives.,. This new, triumph will probably; receive
the customary, self-applause. ., J.^ "w^:." ¦•¦ ; ; ;: ;
RAINFAL.U-M. N., City. .In the United;
States- rain is officially measured by some> j
one under the direction of ' the weather
bureau. • The ¦ rainfall j^ia 1 ascertained -by
means of a rain gauge.' The collector ' o£
the gauge may have any diameter— one "of
about six : ' ; to eighty inches is generally
used—it must be of thin j sheet ; metal ; and
cylindrical in form. The mouth' of the col
lector,; should ; be .from, one i.to- two"! feet
'above, the! level 'upon which It Is placed '
The rain collected in this should flow" witn
the" least ".possible loss ;to the receiver " or
• holder,'", where '.'.it '.j is "protected against
evaporation! -.'' The , holder 'should , be large
enough 'to contain all the. rain that may
be ; caught . in - the ; heaviest i single • fall < ot
rain. ; -A- 1 graduated scaJe- on thereceivet
shows the amount of rain ' that: has f alleif.*
Mr. Carnegie's munificence . mill is- said to have
turned, out donations for forty libraries in'one bunch,
and it. is now becoming evident" -that the. American
town that has no "Carnegie" will in the 'next genera
ition have a distinction to be proud of.' . >••'
New Jersey anarchists have ' attempted again : to
commit murder. .It seems ' about time for Newt Jer
sey "to. institute a vigorous house-cleaning^ and;- to
purge herself of some of her- social, disease or live
among; the sisterhood of 'States as -; an unclean
rrfember. C , . , . . * . • . ; ."
BUILDING IN CASINO— J. C, Center
vllle, Cal. ; In the game of casino should
a player build up a card to a -certain de
' nomination and . his opponent decline to
build it up. higher,'; he, the first player,
may not alter his build, but' must take it
with I a . card | of the same denomination ;
he . is, - however, ; at liberty to make
another '¦•!. build; either of . the . same , or j of
any other 'denomination,'. or, he may- pair
or' combine any other cards before taking
up his first ' build," * but he must , comply
with ' one of the above ; conditions before
playing a card 'which -will not do either.
According to New , York reports the visitors to
Prince Henry's yacht while she lay at that port were
so eager, to get souvenirs that' they came very near
looting the cabin of everything movable, even some
of the curtains being carried away. : A little more of
that. ¦•soirt of thing. and the' .will." find it
necessary to treat the souvenir craze as petty 'larceny
whenever a distinguished visitor/comes tb .to'wn.
¦-, DRAW POKER— D. H., Merced, Cal. In
draw poker Vthe blind'* is the amount of
the ante ! deposited prior ' to | the deal.
"Straddle"; is to put in the pool a sum
or amount double that of the ante. . No
player save the one directly to the left of
''the age" can straddle the ante. When,
however,', one^does this, .then .the next on
his left may straddle his straddle, and. so
it may continue in turn until the .limit i of
the game :1s reached: Each straddle costs
double the preceding one. The last strad
dle has the last say before the draw.
MINING FIRM— P. E. C, Richmond,
Cal. The directories of San Francisco
tor the years 1860 to 1870 inclusive fall to
show that there was a mining firm of
San Francisco known as "Fair, Flood &
Burns.", There was a mining firm known
as the Bonanza firm, composed of Flood,
O'Brien. Fair and Mackay.
A MISSING BROTHER— E.B., City. If
you desire to obtain information about a
brother who . year3 ago went to Valpa
raiso and' was. a teacher in a college
there, but do not know the name pf the
college, address a letter, of inquiry to
Robert E. Mansfield, United States Con
sul ¦ at Valparaiso, . Chile. . '.- r
Sometimes it is what a man doesn't say
that- is most interesting. . .
BLYTHE ESTATE— E.g.' G., Florence,
Ariz. The Supreme Court of California
rendered Its decision In the Blythe case
on' the last . day of. November, 1S95, and
the United States Supreme Court on the
last day of April, 1897. The fee of W. H.
H. Hart in that case was $400,000. ' , ;
- If the proposed National Health "Commission ac
complish one-half what its advocates promise jt will
well repay whatever cost it may entail upon the Gov
ernment Even if large allowance be made for exag
geration and undue expectations on the part of over
sanguine promoters of the new plan, it will still be
worth a trial. Certairily.it is time the issue -were
$ealt with as a national question. " Plagues and pes
tilences do not respect State lines, and consequently
cannot be so effectively mastered and checked by
separate State action, as by the; Federal Government.
The proposed legislation, • then, may not be perfect,
but it. is in the right direction and should be acted
aDon at this session.
¦
AMONG the bills before Congress which may
be justly looked upon as rnatters of impor
tance are two relating to the conservation of
public health by the establishment of a national com
mission to supervise all matters that afe likely to
affect it Each State arid Territorial Board of Health
is to have a representative on the commission, which
in its scope of action is to be' thoroughly national.
The advocates of the proposed commission assert
that upon its establishment it will be possible to do
away with the old system of quarantine by substi
tuting for it a system of coast and interior disin*
fection which will prove more effective in dealing
with epidemic's and at the same time be less difficult
an&Jess. injurious to trade in its operation.
The question of dealing with infectious diseases is
of course a complex one, but it would seem in. our
stage pf civilization to be quite possible for sanitary
experts, backed with official authority, to devise,
some better means of protecting public health than
by the old quarantine system, which has comedown
to us from immemorial time. The very establish
ment of a quarantine. gives rise to a panic that is
often far worse than the disease against which the
quarantine was set up. Moreover, nearly every
quarantine of a city of considerable size serio'tisly in
terferes with trade, injures industry and causes a loss
of Avork and wages to many thousands of people.
--We-otrrsdves had an- experience of some of the
evils of the quarantine- system during the scare
about the bubonic plague, but our troubles were
slight in ;comp2Tison, to those which repeatedly have
fallen upon the Eastern and -Southern: States by rea
son of smallpox or cf yellow fever. Every time a
serious outbreak of cne of those diseases occurs
trade is interrupted, and sometimes so great is the
alarm that communities refuse to permit the .run
ning of trains to their depots from an irifec£ed dis
trict. In short, business is at times-brought alrhpst
to a standstill in panic-stricken cities,: arid the 'whole'
country suffers more or less in consequence. V
Special " information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by th©
I-ress Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery, street. Telephone Main 1043. •
NATIONAL HEALTH BOARD.
Townsend's California glace fruit, 50c a
pound, in fire-etched boxes or Jap. bas
kets. A nice present for Eastern frlemls.
C39 Market st.. Palace Hotel building. •
NO PREMIUM— O. F. A., PaUsade,
Kev. u There is no premium offered for a
J10 piece of 1848 nor for a 50-cent piece of
1857. nor for a quarter of 1853, unless it is
ore without arrowheads at the date and
rays around the eagle.
The passing .of this singular and, in many of its
aspects, sinister figure permits an analysis' of its fea
tures and purpose that may be instructive. He. leaves
no successor in our public \ life.'. Compared | to' him
his '.followers ' and , imitators are pigmies. 'They are
indeed mere mannikins which his" fiery spirit in
spired. He was^full of the forces of destruction, of
revolution. L'et.. us credit" him ' with the belief that
beyond the tempest he sought to invoke and after -it
had comminuted the social structure and ground it
to powder he , looked for a recrystallization in some
form- of order, and riot to the chaos which is the
hope of anarchy. • • ': -.
Dr. Barth, a member of the : German Reichstag,
who traveled with him in his stump campaignin 1896,
regarded him as the ablest and bravest enemy of all
government that had ; appeared in any age, and i de
clared that if his physical strength; and opportunity
equaled his'will he was capable of destroying every
government on earth. ' .
preserver of human society. His courst in the strike
of 1894 was strictly, revolutionary, and had he not met
a stronger man than himself in- President Cleveland
it is' believed that every State government north of
the Ohio • River would have been by in
surrection. "' ¦.':'.. . ¦
In some respects his life need notbe vainly'sought
for good example. • He was a personally honest man.
Many things in his administration of Illinois, remain
unexplained, , but- it" is not expected, that when the
light finds them at last it will reveal his corruption.
His public ¦ offenses, and we have no.desire>.to use a
harsh . term, were against the law in ? its . function as a
¦ No # one can tell the extent to which the incidents
of his early life permanently embossed its austere
features upon his character. He .was .German born,'
served an enlistment in oiir. Civil War, which began
when he was 16 years old; worked his way to an'
academic education and wore out his shoes. tramping
westward from St. Louis in search of a career. .Ad
mitted to the bar at 25, he entered upon law and poli- -
tics at the. same time in 'Missouri, .and 'went from
there to Chicago to ¦become a millionaire. ', In that,
career there is nothing to induce the acrid ferment
. that affected his character. . Others qf • our public
men have had a start as unpromising and years'*
as strenuous. Garfield struggled harder and so did
Cleveland, but during, the time of their- testing and.
trial they, are known to,have been optimists, to have"
let none of the searing-fires of trial. brandUheir- tern-;
per. nor check their cheerfulness of spirits /Not ' so
with' Altgeld. Though he won out, 'acquired :\* fame \
jahd great fortune in the same social state in.wriidihisv
trials were : endured, he spent his life and "its tran
scendent powers in smiting. that state avid^seekfng its
overthrow. - »¦ r- ; , -^i
Any analysis of his principles," to determine .their
classification, will ba disputed by. his friends and fol
lowers, and even his enemies will not agree in any.
conclusion as to his guiding philbsophy. In b'ur
judgment he was a. communist who" sought the mil
lennium of a common level by anarchistic means;
While he- had sat on the bench and had been Gov
ernor of a great State, he keenly, and constantly an
tagonized the purposes for whidh others understand
government to have been instituted among men. His
temper was saturnine andi his manner austere.. It
was said, and riot by his enemies, that he did not
know how to laugh, and he had none of the traits of
good : fellowship. Yet within, his sphere he wielded
an influence in which he had no rival and no peer.
DURING his life and concerning. the incidents
of his public career we have dealt freely with
the late Governor' Altgeld. He was in all re
spects one of the most remarkable figures of his time.
His material successes— for; entering Chicago past 25
with fifty dollars as his" sole capital, within twelve
years he had acquired a million— were won entirely
by the exercise of -the perfect freedom, of the indi
vidual, whrch he exerted all of his . great- ability to
destroy for others by jinking it in the dead sea of
communism. Not many of our public men. of any
time have exceeded him in capacity, and not one has
excelled him in its trained' and energetic use. y..
Look out for SI 4th st., front barber and
grocer;, best eyeglasses, specs, 10c to 40c.»
CaL glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend'*.*
ARCTIC CIRCLE— F. A., ;Santa Clara,
Cal. The Arctic circle is an imaginary
line passing "around the north pole at a
distance from It equal to the obliquity o£
the elliptic, or. 23% degrees.
thej ( f .Aissinsra-: of, ; altgeld.
Ex. strong hoarhound candy. Townsend's. •
DIMES-,W. A. V., City. Dimes of 1858
and of 1893 do not command a premium.
The only ones of 1894 that are. premium
coins are those that were coined in San
Francisco. •
SHARKET' AND MEXICAN PETE—
Subscriber, City. On May 7, 1901, Sharkey
lost • to - Peter Everett, "Mexicans Pete,"
on' a, foul. ' . . ¦'¦} . .
,'KETHERSOLE- Subscriber; City." Otga
Nethersole, the" actress, 1 was b"orn in Lon
don January 18, 1870. . ": ' - "
ANSWERS JO QUERIES:
" A well-known manufacture^ of musical
Instruments in Germany— Max Freyer— .
has introduced a process for making vio
lins from clay. These fiddles are of th<s
ordinary pattern, but are cast in molds,
so that each Instrument Is an exact coun
terpart of its fellow. It Is said— but It 13
somewhat hard to believe— that the porce
lain body acts as a better resonator than
one of wood, and that the tone of the in
strument Is 'therefore singularly pure and
full. The same Inventor la also making
mandolins of china, clay, and It seems that
they are much appreciated la southern
countries, where' the instrument lg re
garded more seriously than it is in Brit
ain. The obvious disadvantage of a mu
sical instrument being made of china'clay
,is the brittleness of that material, aj
well' as "its weight," but' both these draw
backs seem 'to have been forgotten. For
some time yre have heard rumors of most
excellent violins being made of aluminum,
and this metal, from its extreme lightness
and other qualities, would seen to ba
admirably adapted to such a purpose.
Violins of Porcelain.
- Pontifical commissions on the Holy Scriptures are not new. The only signifi
cant part of the. present commission is Its recognition of the fact that there are
modern questions affecting Holy Writ. The questions before the commission are
fundamental, far reaching and tremendously important, say American Catholics.
On his return to America he was engaged ln : parochial work in New York,
becoming canonically resident of that archdiocese. After two or three years he
was called to the chair of sacred Scripture and dogmatic theology at Mount St
Mary's College, Emmiltsburg, Md. He was called to the Catholic University be
fore it's opening. In 1889, and 1 spent two years In Paris arid Berlin,' devoting him
self to further study of the Holy Scriptures. ' He traveled In Egypt, Palestine,
Syria, Asia. Minor and Greece, and for the last ten years has been in active work
in the Catholic University at Washington as professor of sacred Scripture. The
English speaking part pf Catholicity is further represented on the commission
by the Rev. Dr. Robert 'F. Clark of the archdiocese of Westminster, England, and
the Rev. David Fleming, the Irish scholar who is at present the superior general
of the ' Franciscan order.
THE Very Rev. Dr. Charles. P. Grannan, who has been named by the Pope
as the American consultor on the Pontifical -Commission on Questions Con
cerning: Holy Writ, is a priest of the archdiocese of New Tcrk.' H13 ap
pointment gives immense satisfaction to American Catholics, first, be
cause It recognizes for the first time In such conspicuous degree the scholarship
of America, and, second, because it pays honor to their favorite educational pro
ject, the Catholic University of America. " The Rev. Dr. Grannan is air Americaji
'by birth and education.- Hla classical course was begun at St Thomas College,
Bardstown, !Ky., and finished at Montreal. He then went to. the Urban College
of the Propaganda, Rome, where for seven years he studied philosophy and the
ology, taking the degree of doctor In both.' ;
THURSDAY ,MARCH 20, 1002
JOHN 0. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.^,
kiinn All CeansoniettioM U W. S. LEAKS, Ktniger.
SUXAGSR'S OFFICE . .• - i .V . Tclephoiio r * e ** ?™
I'LULICATIOS OFFICE... Marlcet and Tbird, 8. K.
Telephone Press 201.*
EDITORIAL- ROOMS..... 21T to 221 Stereaso* St.
Telephone Press 202. \ ""
Delivered fiy Carrleri, 16 Cemtp'.Per "WeeU.
Blnsrle Cople*. K Cent*. . - -•-.
- Tcrmi br Stall. Including Poritajcet
SAILT CALL Ondndln* Sunday), cn« year../......,.... $8. 00
DAILT CALL Oaclndlne Bunflay), « tnonthi... '»....'...... 8.00
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday). S moattas... >.......(.. 1.B0
DAILT CALL — Ey Elcgrle Mcnth 65c
FTJNDAT CALL. One Tear....." '. 1.89
WEEKLY CALL. On* Tear..*.. «. .......;. 1.00
All postmaster* are authorised to recetr*
subscriptions.*
Eunplt eoples will be forwarded when requested.
Man mbscrlbers In ordering cbanire ot address ¦bonld t«
j*rtietilar to «**• both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS la order
tc. incur* a. prompt and correct compliance with their request.
oaklaAD OFFICE. 1118 Brondwny
C GEOnGE KROGJTESS.
Ktttgtr Foreign Advertising, Ktrqnttte Bnildia j. Chietga.
(Long Distance Telephone "Central 2818.")
KEW TORS CORRESPONDENT*
c c. CAJILTO.K Herald Savara
KEW TORK REPRESENT ATIVRj
CTEPHEir B. SMITH 30 Tribune Bnlldtns
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Cbcrmaa Eoase: P. O. News Co. ; Great Northers Hotel;
Fremont House: Auditorium Hotel.
NEW TORE NEWS STANDS:
WUSerf-Aftoria Hotel; A. Brent&no, 81 Union Square;
Uvjxmj H1U Hotel.
HBJL3TCH OFFICES— B27 Montromery, correr of Clay, open
cotll »:S0 o'clock. 800 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. C33
McAllister, open until 8:S0 o'clock. 618 Larkln. open until
*:80 o'clock- 1*41 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2281
Market, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1096 Va
lencia, open until 9 o'clock. 108 Eleventh, open until •
o'clock. NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, cpea
lictii 9 o'clock. 2200 Flllmore. open until 9 p. m.
STATEMENT OF CIRCULATION OF
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,
Month of February, 1902.
Febrnnrr 1..... 60,500 Febrnnrr 15 58.73O
February 2 «O,GOO February 1« 7O.48O
February a.....S9,lSO February 17 5S.9OO
February ¦* RO,fS»O February IS 5O,2»O
February 5 ."»?>. l^o February 1» 58,770
: February G BS.78O February 20 58,390
; February 7 5S,44<> February 21 B0,7H0
February 8 58..1OO February 22 50,140
February 9 «9,OSO February 2« 70,100
February 10 5S,93O February 24 5».11O
February XI 5H,5(iO February 25 5H.!>2O
February 12 KK,S5O February 2(t 5D.S4O
February 13 r,*.:t:iO February 27 S».:ilO
February 14 . . . . . 5S.7SO February 28 5S.540
Total l,(>!)5,380
STATE OF CALIFORNIA^ >
CITY AIsD COUNTY OF SAN FRANCISCO. ( cs '
On this 15th day of March. 1002, personally appeared
before me. "William T. H*>ss, a Notary Public In and for the
city and ; county aforesaid. VT. J. Martin, who. being sworn
according to law, declares that he is the business manager of
the Ean Francisco Call, a daily newspaper published 'in the
City and County of San Francisco, State of California, and
that there were printed and distributed during the month of
February, 1902, one million six hundred and ninety-five thou
sand three hundred and eighty (1,695,380) copies of the said
newspaper, which number divided by twenty-eight (the number of
. days of issue) 'gives an average dally circulation of 60,549 copies.
SEAL. W. J. MARTIN
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 15th day of
March, 1902. . "W. T. HESS.
Notary Public In and for the City and County of San Fran
cisco, State of California, Boom 1015, Claus Spreckels Bldgr.
Mrs. H. M. Fortescue went to New York
Tuesday on a trip of business and pleas
ure. She will spend the Easter holidays
with her brother, H. Stobo Northrup,
who is at present engaged with the Mary
Mannering Company and Is playing in
"Janice Meredith."
Miss Elizabeth Huntlngton has returned
to her hom. on Jackson street after a rest
at her ranch near Santa Barbara. Mrs.
H. E. Huntington and Miss Clara Hunt
ington are still In New York.
¦¦ • • •
Miss Elsie Tallant is again in the city
after a trip to San Jose.
Miss Edna Robinson, daughter of C. P.
Robinson. 1213 Jones street. Is at present
sojourning In Alabama. . '" ¦
: . - ' -. • » «
•Mrs. Merrltt Weed has returned from aa
extended trip to Honolulu. v -
The ladles of the Deutscher Club en
tertained their friends at Golden Gata
Hall last evening and the reception was
largely attended, about 300 guests being
present. An excellent musical programmo
was given and dainty refreshments were
served during the evening.
Miss Kowena /Burns was guest of honor
a- luncheon given on Tuesday by. Mrs.
W. "WVGrisslzn ather homey 1303 Leaven
worth street. Tbe affair was pleasantly
arranged In every particular.
- . ¦ " • • •
• • • " .'.*.-
Tbe members of the Laurel Club enjoy
ed, a -pleasant and profitable session yes
terday at the Sorosls clubhouse, 1320 Cali
fornia street. After the business, meeting
an - excellent programme wa*,
consisting of a recitation, "Vaahtl," by
Mrs. Dohrmann; a violin number by Mlsa
Mary Casmore, and a vocal solo by Mrs.
Wilbur Swett, in addition to an able dis
cussion on ' '.'Readable Books" by Mr».
Ella - M. • Sexton. The different feature*
of the entertainment were enthusiasti
cally j received by the appreciative audi
ence, and the afternoon proved a pleasant
one. Refreshments and a reception fol
lowed the programme.
""* *? VeU White - M «.Georg8..r^'w: Smlt*.
Mrs. Aylett Cotton, lira. .' Glasa. Mr». c C. A.
TVarren. Mrs. Cachot, Mra. tT. S. "Fairer.
Mrs. E. P. Schell, Mrs. Louis Hertz Mn.
Eisner. Mra. McCabe, Miss Alic« Waahburn.
Miss Tessa- Semple. Mrs. J. A. Lord, Mrs.
T. J. McCrossen, Miss McClossen. Mrs. Green
wood. Mrs. Coleman, Mra. Jackson, Mra.
Deahl and lira. Blckel.*
- A delightful luncheon was given yester
day by the ladles of the whist section ot
the California Club. It was the' first ot
a series to be given every two months.
The guests of honor on this occasion were
2^* ?l White ' Mr3 ' Geor Se Law
Smith and Mrs. A. L. Cotton. The lunch
eon, was served In the banquet room of a
downtown restaurant. The elaborate
menu was lengthened with clever toasts
and' two papers were read by Mrs. L.
Hertz and Miss Semple, Mrs. E. p. Schell
c^ r ™ an °* the whist section, presided
with her usual tact and grace. Those
present were: • .
So long as the lamp holds out to "burn,
The vilest sinner, may return.: ..'¦.'-': = •.
There is one infinite advantage which the human parasite has over the insect. There
is a. conscience within him which he can never wholly silence . and through. its prompt
ings he may be brought to repent and to atone. The clerical parasite so long as he re
mains young is not beyond the hope of good men. There is a chance that the dignities by
which he is surrounded, the. influence of venerable men. whom in his folly he has derided,
but who with a high solicitude are still willing to help him back to the better, paths, may
in the end affect him more deeply. than the shouts. ;and clamors of mobs;, and so through
those good influences he may be led to see' the error of his way ."and, return to;'rendet
faithful, service where "he is now but a parasite. Humanity is not 'severe upon those ' who
truly repent, arid those who have become the wqrst by the corruption of : the best have
only to" be true to their better selves and they will yet live : to. fulfill the promise of their
youth and win once more the praise of their superiors. V : ¦:'
Upon that truth all human parasites should ponder in the silences of .the night
when the praise of fools has died out from their ears. Let. them then remember- they are
not wholly lost.
Once having reached. and accepted the degradation of .a parasite's life, the worst
characteristics of the man's nature rapidly develop into a swollen and, abnormal growth.
For him thereafter the veracities, the dignities and even the decencies of life have no mean
ing.. He not only loses the serene grace- of clerical dignity, but he abandons even the
common courtesies of a gentleman. In his eagerness to 'keep himself before the public
and to retain the praise of the unreflecting which has now grown to be almost necessary
to his life, he speaks on all possible occasions, and in each succeeding . speech goes fur
ther and further in his mad efforts to win the applause of the vulgar. He becomes a com
mon scold. ;His invective sinks to billingsgate. *" Hardly;, any one of sufficient- eminence
to be noted in the community escapes his assault. To use a phrase which Charles Sumner
has made classic, "He casts the loose expectoration of his., eloquence now upon this man
and now upon that/' Respect for the church in which he •still poses as a cleric compels
men to submit, in silence. Even where he is condemned he is not always named, for there
is a reverence for the sacredness of the church which prevents men from assisting a vain
glorious parasite in making a public scandal of his career even when he seeks it by false
hood and insult. \ - - -•!'• -.
The evolution of. a clerical parasite is an easy study in human history. Given a
young cleric with an attractive presence, personal magnetism, easy assurance with a showy
talent for speaking and writing, but possessed of no deep reverence for his calling, nor re
spect for his own dignity, animated by an inordinate vanity, greedy of praise and delight
ing in. flattery, and having no moral scruple nor well balanced judgment, and his de
velopment sooner or later into a parasite on the church is inevitable. '
Theprocess is as simple. as it is natural. The young cleric pleases his venerable
superiors by his youth; his talent arid his seeming zeal. They praise him and promote him.
He rises rapidly over the heads of older men and- soon attains a conspicuous position.
Once there; however, his innate weakness displays itself.' . His superiors observe he is not
equal to the dignity assigned him, that he is more avid of cheap praise than of x wise coun
sel. They rebuke him and he resents it. In his vanity he persuades himself that they are
jealous of him, and'it becomes necessary to remove him from his high position. Irritated
by the condemnation of his superiors he turns for consolation to the. praise and plaudits
of the ignorant. He learns to love flattery ill its coarsest form;! £J e appeals more and
more to the rabble, becomes the sycophant of the mob. Swollen with a vanity that rot
tens as it swells, he arrives at last to a point where he mocks at dignity, derides superiority,
scoffs at men in the highest office, and by his offensiveness of speech compels his su
periors to dismiss him trom all official position whatever. Thus, dismissed he is no longer
of any service to the church by which he lives. He has become a ,parasite, , ,'•"..
A maxim th at has come down to us from the ancients ! says : "The worst is : pro
duced by the corruption of the best.": The human parasite is by that rule more pernicious
than the insect. Those which prey upon the higher institutions ; of men are worse than
those that prey upon the lower. Those that fasten and fatten upon the church are then
the most pernicious of all,, for they, are "of the breed of men who distort religion' itself into
viciousness and transform a sacred office into a safe nest where they can lie in comparative
security and sting with impunity, until the' stinging becomes . intolerable and the church
casts forth the pest. , ; - 7 : \
T • T PON every stately growth, prolific nature 'fastens •jsome" kmd of; parasite. Crea-
I tures incapable self; support affix, themselves to some stronger and nobler crea-
I / ture and fatten upon at. The phenomenon : appears" inf the moral as well as in the
N-f-*^' physical World. ' The'^nost august institutions among qen are affected -by para
sites. .They swarm in, the court, the camp and the council hall. Even the church itself i§
not free from them, for as Defoe has told us: ..... j " . v x ''/¦¦
I Wherever God erects a house of prayer ..,.-.- i^M 1 '
The Devil always builds k chapel there. " ' w^l
THE,OLiBRIOA;]1j:;;PA.E,ASITB.
GIVE FIRST
LUNCHEON
OF A SERIES
THE ' SAN ¦¦ : :FRANCiSQa:;CALL, THU^D^.M^ROH-^O, 1902.
POPE LEO SELECTS HIM
ASAMERICAN CONSULTOR
6
By McGij-nr fc Mepton — Friday, March 21. at 12:15 o'clock.
nock cf the Ftares Kaie & Company, at mom 22, Chronicle
bulldinc-
By \Vm. Layng— This day, at 11 o'clock, 150 head of
Horses, at 721 How ard street.
AUCTION SALES.
jcoooo 000000000 o-o oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooaooooooo
JOOOOOCXOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOC
3OOO0OOOO0OO0OOOOO0OOO0OO0O OOOOO OOOO O O OOOO OOO OOOO OOOOOOO
OOOOOOOOOOOOO ¦¦IWII.I Jill 1 1 mv m ¦-_-_ — — -_.^^j-. -_ J . M^»- Jyn » c l JJ . .*" OOOOOOOOOOOC
000 ao oooooooo » rnmMiniwnri ¦ wiiMMBMMStrwmyihWBirMriiinWiy|fo oooooaoooooc
'.OOOOOOOOOOOi. r»_ TT XXT • '¦ + O '" T\ll ? 100000000,00 OOC
0000000000000 Do You Want to Sec a Photo- tooooooooboooo
3 0 00000000000 . . . liV OOOOOOiTOOOOOC
?ooo§oooooo^|.- graph of Bennett? .. KgSSSSSSSSSSS
o.o^ooSooSoocl'0« hundred photographs w e « submit, KS SS§ SSSSSSSS
0000000000000 ted by The Sunday Call to Krone, Lcha- Wo 00000000000c
ooo^o§oo§oSS nier, Stengel and ScheU. the only men BSSSSSSSSSSSSe
5SSSSSSSSSSSS known tohaveWnthemurdererofNcra 3SgS§SSg§S§SS
300 00 oooooooo Fuller. From their selections a compo-* 000000000000c
site photo gives a likens of Bennett ?SS §2 S2§gS§§g
liiiiiliiliiil should whipping m^ schools IlilsiiHIEl
I ¦: Be Abo^cd? ¦: ••¦\-gi I II llif
O oo 0 oo 0 oooooa?! Read What Teacher. Parent and PopU ' S§g§S?§^gSS§
- Have to Say,- •, : j oSoSSoSSoSooc
•?||||||-|||||| H My Experiences in Baler. SSSiSSSSSSSSS
lllllilllllll CanYou Describe Your.Best illliiiHiHI
Iliiiiilli II I Friend?-' - SS8SiSS'SSSiSi
HllSIllllllli -^tSS"^ I-IIIIiliilili
Dooooooooooool __ . ' .- SS2- 00 2°? OOOOC
§ 00 SSooooSooo Tnc Romances -.o! Stanford. SSS2SSSS«S§S?
OOOOOOOOOOOOO! - ¦' " ' • ¦ OOOOO.OQOOOOOO
§£ SSSSSSSSSSa M& pi- IntcresUni' Stories:
00 OOOOOOOOOOcR— BEmBBBm^mmamm^mmmLj^. '' ' ' ' ' ° OOQOQOQ'OOOOC
3OO OOOOOOO OOOO OO O OOOOOOOOOOQO O O-O OOOOOOOOO OOOOOOOOOOnono'
ooooooooooooooooooooooooo 0000 ooooooooooooooooooS
iiililill OUT. HEXT-SUHDAY. MARCH JO,:: . JJSSSSSS
||!E ¦ THE SUNDAY CALL'S §111111
Hgslli: ; GfiEAT; EASTEft EDITION. ||i|I|||
00000000 . Re8 P lendentiabeau^"l colors «nd unsurpassed in articles ooooo'ooo
000000°°' ° f appertaining to the glorious. Easter pay., oooooooo
Grand Opera-house — '.'Cleopatra.". . ;
Fischer's Theater — "Little Christopher. *'.
CaUIcitila— "Nathan Hale."
Tivolt — "The Serenade."
Central — "The Bowery After Dark."
Alcazar — "On and Off."
Columbia — "La Madeline. '*
Orijheum — Vaudeville.
Mechanics: Pavilion — Norrl* & Rowe's Big Shews.
Oakland Racetrack— Reces to-day.
AMUSEMENTS.The police- at the Hall of Justice are
investigating two daring burglaries com
mitted Tuesday night within the shadow
of th« Hall of Justice. The Vesuvio
restaurant, at 630 Montgomery street, waa
robbed' some time during the- hours of
darkness, and money and goods to tha
extent of $200 were taken. A short tlmo
afterward the store of Quong Yuen Hlng
Company, on Dupont street, was entered
and its owners suffered a loss of about
$175.
The police are of the belief that tha
crimes were committed by the same
crooks and pronounce them the work of a
gang who have been operating at North
Beach. Cash registers and tills were
forced with "jimmies'" in each case and
the thieves, not satisfied with monetary
plunder, carried away the most valuable
goods they could find in the establish
ments. ¦ .¦''.-"
The Vesuvio restaurant was entered
from the front," the burglars cutting out
a screen ventilator over one of the doors.
How -they accomplished this without de
tection is a mystery to the officers. When
the burglars reached Dupont street they
smashed one of the large panes in the
show window and gained an entrance to
the Chinese store.
From the restaurant $43 in cash waa
stolen in addition to imported cigars and
wines valued at $163. High-priced cloth,
ornaments and. $30 in coin were extracted
from the store 'on Dupont street. •
George Mayerle. German Expert Optician.
Entrance 10TI Market: look for eye with crown.
A Divided Verdict.
In the matter of the inquest on the bod.f
of John Lochhead, who was run over by
street car No. 562 of the Fourth street
line last Saturday, the , jury rendered a
verdict of accidental death, and that the
motorman- and Lochhead were equally
negligent.
President Yoakum is accompanied on
his trip by L. F. Parker, chief counsel
of his line, and Thomas F. West of the
legal department of the same road. They
expect to remain in San Francisco several
days and will return to St. Louis over
the Central and Union Pacific roads.
President • Yoakum .says that no sur
veys have been made for this extension,
as the matter has not yet taken definite
shape. His road's present terminus Is
Quanah, Texas, but in the near future
the line will be extended as far west as #
Phoenix, Ariz.
"I cannot say at this time that we shall
build to the coast," said President yoa
kum. "It is only natural, however, that
we shall tpy to extend our lines as far
west as possible. I think that San Fran
cisco and the entire State of California
have a grand future. Railroads by the
score will undoubtedly be running in here
before many years." . /*^r ?
President B. F. Toakum of the St.
Louis and San Francisco Railroad, which
ioad is inelesantly known as the "Frisco"
line, arrived at the Palace yesterday.
He says that he is on the coast to study
the commercial strength jf the coast
and to ascertain whether it would ba ad
vantageous for his company to extend its
line as fa» west as San Diego or some
other Southern California terminus.
Commit Two Crimes in
the Shadow of the
Hall/Df Justice.
Is Heading * for
• Phoenix.
President Yoakum's Line
BURGLARS TAKE
GREAT CHANGES
ANOTHER ROAD
CREEPING WEST
Annual Passion Service.
The annual passion service : wil} be' held
this evening at St. Stephen's Church, on
Fulton street, near'Fillmore. The service
will- include Gounod's "Gallia" among
music of a high order. Gerald Barton will
preside at the organ and there will be a #
full choir. The service will be conducted
by the. Rev. .E. J. Lion.
The Sa'n Francisco Epworth League Al
liance will have Its . regular ¦¦* quarterly
rally at the Centenary Church, 1717 Bush
street, evening, ' March 20. The
meeting -commences at 7:45. : This is a
gathering of all the Methodist young peo
ple in this. city and should be well at
tended; - as an excellent programme has
been arranged." , ¦
League Meets.
Bornholdt Has Jewelry Stolen.
John H. Bornholdt, proprietor of a cafe
at Sixth and. Mission streets, secured a
warrant yesterday* for the arrest of W
Smith on a charge of grand larceny.
Smith was -employed as a waiter in the
cafej and Bornholdt alleges that he en
tered the cafe about 5 o'clock yesterday
morning and stole two gold watches and
a diamond ring valued at $325 from a va
lise that was behind the counter. Inquiry
at - the . Branch House, on Market street
where Smith roomed, elicited the fact that
he had packed up his things and departed
Cole and Garner held up Demetrius
Christian, a restaurant keeper, at Bush
street and Bush place on the morning of
March 10, and when Policeman G. F Mul
cahy, accompanied by Christian, came
upon them later Cole, while Mulcahy waa
searching Garner, placed a revolver
against Mulcahy's neck and compelled
him to throw up his hands. Garner there
upon took Mulcahy's revolver from him
and .the two footpads fled, but were cap
tured by Mulcahy and Policeman Cleve
land Peters. -.
TBe Judge after holding the accused sa'd
he had to pay a tribute to the remarkable
coolness and bravery of the two officers
and no prais*; could be too high for them
They were, in his opinion, fully deserving
of promotion.
The preliminary examination of William
Cole and Robert Garner on two charges
of robbery. was held before Judge Conlan
yesterday, l and they are held to answer
before the Superior Court In $5000 bonds
each on. each charge.
on Two Charges of Rob
bery.
William Cole and Robert Garner Held
JUDGE PAYS TRIBUTE
¦TO OFFICERS' BRAVER. Y
WASHINGTON, March r 19.— A ' joint
resolution was, Introduced to-day By "sen
ator Vest tendering . to , RearcAdmiral
Kempff the thanks of Congress for meri
torious conduct in refusing to Join the
allied forces. In tho bombardment of the
forts of Taku, China.
"I am satisfied "the Americans stand
better in China to-day than any other na
tionality: I : know that American officers
are allowed to enter all fortifications and
make sketches or photographs, which is
denied to mopt foreign v officers. During
the fall of last year I -was again in Chi
nese .waters- and I took the -Kentucky,
then my flagship. 250 miles up the Yangste
River to Nanking. The viceroy of that
province : I had met many years before
in Canton. He was 80 years old and ruled
100,000.000 of people, more than the total
population of this country. -He gave my
officers and: myself a .reception that* the
Consuls stationed in that country- had
never given to any official except to a Chi
nese ruler. His expressions toward this
country were most friendly and I am sure
that i we have : the favor of these people
above any • European , power." •
Congress- Proposes to Thajik ' Him.
American Position Is Excellent.
seen at once. Admiral Seymour knew
nothing about it, but the day after the
news reached Peking, showing again that
the wires were up to the Chinese, the
imperial troops came down from Peking,
united with the Boxers and/drove him
back. He was nearly out -of . food and
ammunition and would have been in a
serious ¦ condition ' had not relief , reached
him.- I will always think that that bom
bardment brought on much trouble.'
"We miist be generous to the Chinese.
Their country was being overrun with Box
ers v/ho were their own countrymen. We
could hardly expect the Chinese troops to
slaughter the Boxers, and many had been
killed. by the Chinese troops,' but possibly
not as many as a foreigner might think
necessary. But in this country American
troops will only, fire upon "Americans who
are breaking the laws, and then in cases
of extreme necessity, and we must not'ex
pect the Chinese to do any more.
The Chamber of Commerce is in receipt
of a communication ' from the German
Consul giving; information in regard 'to
the harbor Improvements of Emden, an
important seaport town of Hanover, Ger
many. It is also stated that the river
Ems has been widened and deepened so
that it is for many miles navigable 'for
vessels of considerable draught. The Ems
empties into the sea at Emden.
Emden Harbor Is Improved.
; CONVICTED OF BtTROLARY. — Thomas Mc-
Guire was convicted of burglary In the second
degree by a Jury In Judge Dunne's court yes
terday and will be sentenced to-day. He broke
Into the Sailors* Home on January 16 and 6tole
araior and several other articles.
Mark Hopkins Institute of Art.
The Spring Exhibition of the works of
local artists is now open dally, including
Sundays. Concerts every Thursday even
ing. Admission 25c. . . •
The suit to Ret aside deeds to lands In
Merced County "filed- by John F. Lassing
agklhst the Simon Newman Company was
dismissed in Judge Seawell's court yester
day. 1 Newman-was present with witnesses
to-, disprove the charge of fraud 'made
against him by Lassing. but the trial did
not proceed, as Matt I. Sullivan, attorney
for the plaintiff, announced that he had
filed a dismissal of the action with the
County Clerk.- . ¦ / ¦ • ¦
Dismisses Suit Against Newman.
v The deputy, as he held out his palm, felt
sure that the ?2 was now as safe In the
city's ;- keeping, , per himself, as the
"shekels" in "the national mint, when one
of the party volunteered the information
that Sandona was not yet of age. • :
DingwallT looked skyward for merciful
deliverance from wicked slnners'and with
a sigh and a glance of doubt at the
youthful artist closed his official book and
strode beyond. .
Dixon and the violinist by thia time un
derstood the situation and assisted As
sessor Dlngwall In explaining his er
rand. .->- ~. v , ¦•-¦.--.• V--.-
"I am no Pole, saire! I am Italian; der
subjecta of Emmanuel, not der Czar. I
am a pupil of Blanci and Nani and not
of Grovitzicoff or Spltzipoof! (proudly
and arrogantly). Non, signor, I am Ital
ian, no Pole!" '
"No generosity about me," retorted the
Assessor. "You have to pay It: it's a poll
tax."
¦ At this explanation the eyes of the
student and prize winner of the Royal
Academy of .Verona flashed such a blaze
as to illuminate the studio.
The whole party, thfhking the supposed
robber pretty . lenient, simultaneously
dived their hands deep into their pockets.
"You, are very generous, saire," de
clared Sandona, still in the throes of a
violent tremor.
All Dive Into Their Pockets.
Not knowing who the intrufler was, his
business or anything else about him, the
"artist, the subject and the violinist, made
sure that it was purely and simply a
"hold up," and were prepared on the
instant to sniff at the forbidding barrel
end of a Colt's 44-caliber revolver, j
"Bank account," exclaimed Sandona
nervously, his brush and I palette shaking
in his temporarily palsied hand. "Bans
account, saire, he is a stranger to me.
Really, I assure you."
"Who?" demanded the deputy.
"Bank account,'.' replied Sandona, as his
brush and palette fell dejectedly to the
ground.
"What is the value of this place?"
"You see it, salre," said Sandona. "
After a puzzled gaze at canvases, statu
ettes and easels, a value was volunteered
by the affrighted artist. • .
"Two dollars!" 'demanded the Assessor.
Sandona is . gradually mastering ; the
English language, but not* at such a rate
as to make him master of all its idiosyn
crasies, hence the argument that attended
the deputy's appearance.
"Any money in the bank?" asked the
deputy.
"Any Money in the Bank."
A studio was the scene yesterday of
temporary excitement,' suppressed emo
tion and a sprinkling of Indignation with
a f ew\ drachms of tincture of bitter. In
vective, added to which -were several
ounces Qf explanation," tempered, fortu
nately, with " apologies. '
The scene of surprises was the studio
of Matteo Sandona, ¦ upon \whose sacred
domain "a Deputy Assessor ventured.
At the moment of the official and digni
fied approach of the deputy Sandona was
in the act of reproducing the features of
M. L. DIxon on canvas, while an author
friend of the artist was elaborating Don
.Giovanni on the violin— a studio scene
after the heart of the lamented Du
Maurier.
When Sandona paints Sandona dashes
mereurially, at the canvas with every in
tended stroke and when the. touch of the
brush has been made he as mercurially
skips back to take critical observation
of his work. . . • • .
• ; It was' at one of . these dreadful mo
ments "of artistic strenuousnessy and also
at the moment of a four-finger, crescendo
chord by the violinist, that the deputy
made his grand entrance.
Effect on the Chinese.
VThai effect; of "that bombardment was
"It was about. 1 o'clock on the morning
of the 17th that the bombardment began
end ' bv shortly -'after ' daylight all of the
forts .had surrendered. I; ordered Com
mander-Wise of: the Monocacy/to take up
a position 7 toward .Tong Ku, up the rlvor
and '. away from ' the line • of • bombardment
and net to fire a shot except in protection
of American life or property., This he did
and; though: he, did not; fire." and though
no shots • came ' from-.the/ point where he
lay. the ; Chinese .forts fired upon him and
one shot struck ,the Monooacy. After. that
I; felt that the « Chinese Government -had
committed j an act of war/and flred upon
the American flag first.
. "I was very. careful to fully inform my
self: throu gh my_.own , men of ev-rv act
and; my, flag lieutenant. Vlctor^Blue. was
on * shore, i communicating .' with - me 'con
tinuously. -When-.therepert of. the firing
uponUhe'Monocaey was made,', the next
d.ay . on , the 38th, ; I ; issued orders to , take
every., precaution 'to' protect Americans'
Bombardment Is; Begun.
after Seymour left we lost
communication with his column,; but all
the while dispatches were beimr ' receiver!
by the; Chinese officials, showing that
communication was'open If. they chose to
allow -the- foreigners to use It. -We were
frettinsr . information by messengers and
I received one letter, dated the 12th. from
Minister Conger, stating- that the Chinese
officials, had not promised to allow Sev
mour's /column" to enter Peking, but that
they had conveyed the impression that
the legations would be .< turned over to
Seymour in safety at least outside of the
city. That took several days to reach
me. •; ¦ - ••¦ .
• "The interruption : of communication
with Seymour s column and. the , general
uncertain; condition of affairs caused, the
meetings which resulted in the ultimatum
that was sent on June 16 to the Chinese
general. in charge of the Taku forts v He
was given: until -midnight on the 16th In
which , to. surrender the forts" to ; the tem
porary, possession of the foreign soldiers.
Departure of Seymour.
"The foreign vessels "began to i arrive
from time to time until there was a very
large fleet off Taku, that fleet' at one time
numbering about thirty- five vessels of all
nations. It was early in June that the
commanders representing the various na
tions began to talk of taking possession
of the Taku forts. , All of the nations 'hai
been landing men, arms and supplies just
as fast as they could, and with the full
and free permission of the Chinese Impe
rial Government. There was a consider
able force at Tientsin, and when any na
tion asked permission to land a force-it
was at once granted. . • ~~-^
"Early In June Vice Admiral Seymour
of the British fleet sent for me and asked
me what I would do if it was decided to
take the forts. I replied that our naval
regulations governed that, and that under
those I did not see that China had com
mitted any act of w?ir "and that I could
not take part. After that the German
vice admiral sent for me,' and I told him
the same x thing.' It was on- June 6 that
the conference of admirals was called on
board -Admiral Seymour's flagship The
matters under discussion were the relief
°tn. h * e le Kations at Peking and the advis
ability of taking the Taku forts. .Ad
miral Seymour urged that. the legations be
relieved and 'said that he was willing to
go /himself. This he d!d later, starting
on June; 10 with what is known as 'Se\*
mour's . column.' composed of about 2100
men of all nationalities and in which the
United States was; represented by Cap
tatn.McCalla. whom I placed in command
of the American contingent, composed of
both marines and sailors. .
Jiarge Fleet Off Taku.
Rear Admiral Louis Kempff returned
yesterday from his 'exciting -experiences
in the far East, where he commanded the
American rfleet at bombardment -of
the Taku forts, and where '• he pursued
such -a course of . justice and < fairness
toward the Chinese Government as . to
have since won the approval of the dlplo
! mats of this and. other; countries. ' Ad
miral Kempff returned; to his home in
Oakland after, more' than: two years' ab
sence on duty In the'Orient, during which
time . he commanded American squadrons
in Chinese, Philippine and Japanese wa
ters. He arrived . on the Pacific Mail
steamer, Peking, and as sobn'as he was
released from quarantine Joined his fam
| ily at the Hotel Metropole in Oakland.
He will remain there for a short time be
fore'he proceeds to. Washington to make
a report in person to the Federal Govern
ment upon matters connected with the
Chinese situation and : the conditions in
Manila. - . • : . .
Admiral Kempff was relieved at Yoko
: Iiama by Rear Admiral Wilds, he having
served more than the usual time allotted
to officers on foreign service. The trans
fer ol commands was made on March 1
in - Yokohama harbor, and Admiral
Kempff boarded the Pacific Mail steamer,
'. whicn left on that\day for the United
States. .
This is • the admiral's first visit to his
native country since his active service
before.Taku, when his refusal to heip
bombard the Chinese forts put the United
States in a position to dictate terms .'to
the rest of the world in' the complicated
conditions that subsequently arose in
China. This was a home-coming for; the
.admiral, for he left, the position of com-'
mandant of the Mare Island navy 'yard
to take command of the Asiatic squadron.
He had been for many years in Califor
nia, and left his family here when he went
to\ the Orient.
y Reasons for His Course.
"My decision" at Taku was based upon
the naval regulations of the United
States," said Admiral Kempff modestly
last night. "These regulations are very
clear. I decided that .the Chinese Gov
ernment had . committed no act of war
and that we were not justified in firing
upon the Chinese flag or making the de
mand for the surrender of the Taku forts,
and so I refused to join in the bombard
ment.
"While we were the last to fire upon the
Chinese flag, we were the first to land
troops in Tientsin. " I arrived off Taku
I think, on May 27, with the Newark as
my flagship. At that time there was
communication with Peking and in all
directions, but there were rumors of trou
ble in the air. The foreigners at Tientsin
were nervous, for there had been a mas
sacre there some years before, and we
were asked to land troops. In order to
understand the situation at Taku it must
be known that the water is very shoal,
and at best there is but thirteen feet on
the: bar. The result was that the big
ships had to lay twelve miles off shore.
Only a few gunboats of. the lightest dratt
took part. -:.:,
"Not a big vessel fired a" shot. I re
ceived word from Tientsin asking that a
guard be sent. I at once applied for per
mission to land some of my troops, which
was granted by the Chinese Government,
and at 5 o'clock on the morning of the fol
lowing day I had something over 100
marines and sailors under arms. We only
had fifty marines all told in the Ameri
can fleet that had arrived at that. time.
At- 6 o clock .«thls -company embarked 'In
our boats, towed by launches. I went
with the boats I in person, • and the whole
fleet- got stuck on the bar. We did not
know the channel and the water was very
low. We saw a number of Chinese junks
and sampans and hired the entire fleet,
loaded our men on them and managed to
reach Taku on the flat-bouomed boats.
- 'There we found there was some trouble
on the railroad; to Tientsin and rather
than wait we hired tugs from the Taku
f.?M T^?. tsln L Je hter Company,; and the
little Chinese- fleet, towed by tugs and
loaded with American sailors and ma
rines, were taken up the river to Tientsin
They arrived during the day and wer#
the first armed, contingent of foreign
fighting men to reach that city. All of
the foreign element -tufned out and gave
them a < royal welcome. The Japanese
had landed seventeen men, but ours was
the first contingent of whites and the first
of any considerable size that arrived. • •
As this was expected to be made a test
case in jthe interest of hydraulic mining
much interest was evinced, but Sargent's
peculiar, position made action by the Min
ers' Association impossible.
George C. Sargent appeared before the
committee in reference to asking aid of
the Miners' Association to fight an in
junction issued by the Superior Court of
Nevada County, at the instance of the
Anti-Debris Association. It was held that
Sargent operated a - hydraulic-- mine
which emptied debris into a tributary of
a navigable stream. The Miners' Associ
ation could not help Sargent, as the in
junction was served before he took out a
permit. Had the injunction been -served
after the permit . was granted then, the
association would have been in a better
position to take action. The association
agreed to give him all the moral support
possible and hoped he would be -able to
arrange satisfactorily with the Debris
Commission.
As the Legislature does not meet until
shortly before the opening of the fair, and
the appropriation is certain to be forth
coming, the Miners' Association will lend
all. aid possible between now and then
to-tho- securing of specimens. - The secre
tary was instructed to send a printed let
ter to the Boards of Supervisors in every
county, asking them to appoint some per
son to gather specimens and ship them
byWelu,- Fargo & Co., which- carries
them free of charge, to the Mining Bu
reau in San Francisco, where they jwill be
held to await the appropriation from the
Legislature. . The -Miners' Association
will not be I responsible in any way for
loss of specimens. The State must bear
all expense. . .
Specimens for St. Louis Fair.
The committee came to the conclusion
that rather than .try te push through any
new, bills it would use its utmost efforts
in getting through the three above named,
which were becoming stale.
The association tendered a vote of
thanks to the company that donated! its
stone for the Sloat monument at Monte
rey. The sum of $180 was ordered sent
to Major Sherman to cover cost of moving
and setting in place the stone. *
In regard to the invitation from the St.
Louis Fair of 1903 to the miners of Cali
fornia to open and maintain an exhibit,
It .was resolved that the duty of getting
an exhibit at the fair rested with the
State Mining Bureau. It was estimated
that $10,000 would be necessary to main
tain the exhibit at St. Louis and that an
appropriation from the State Legislature
for \ the amount would have to be ob
tained. -
No resolution was sent on the $150,000
river and harbor bill, as it was thought
to be quite safe.
Resolved. That the mining industry of this
country,", with its enormous output ot raw ma
terial, its tremendous significance to the in
dustrial prosperity or the nation and its vast
possibilities of luture development warrants
and demands the governmental protection and
aid ¦ that > can be adequately extended • only
through a Cabinet department of the executive
branch of the Government. ¦ Be it turther '
Resolved, That we heartily indorse the bill
now ' pending in Congress ¦ .that we create a
Cabinet Department ot Mines and Mining, and
in behalf of the miners of California we de
mand the passage of said bill.
Heartily Indors* the Bill.
Resolved, That we most earnestly urge upon
our. Senators and Representatives In congress
to Ube their utmost cu'orts to secure the enact
ment ¦ ot the fco-called mineral lands bill, now
pending in Congress, to the _ end that there
may.be a prompt,, effectual and nnai classifi
cation ,_and segregation ot the mineral lands
vrithln the railroad : land branch of California,
and that such mineral lands may again be
thrown open to exploration and purchase as
part of the public domain. No effort should be
spared to procure the enactment of this leg
islation at this session of Congress.
" On a motion of Senator Davis, the fol
lowing resolutions were adopted, and the
secretary was directed to telegraph them
at once « to the California ' Congressional
delegation at Washington:
At the meeting of the executive com
mittee of the California : State Miners'
Association last night at the Union
League Club in the Palace Hotel, import
ant business was transacted which" is, no
doubt, of exceeding interest to the miners
of : California.. •
As a. better means . of labeling it was
decided that the trade names used in
designating the goods should be more in
the nature of information, so that the
consumer would know exactly what he
was buying. It was therefore agreed that
scientific— nomenclature -should be re
placed by common -terms. The sentiment
of the manufacturers will be ascertained
bef6re. any definite action is taken and
the conference adjourned after Mr. Sbar
b6r6'had promised the hearty co-operation
of the Manufacturers' and Producers' As
sociation. In- the Health Board's endeavor
to compel the sale -of pure foods only in
the local market. ¦ . .
It was decided also to endeaver to bring
about the voluntary withdrawal from the
market j of condemned goods, or goods
declared not up to the standard. Should
the manufacturer or producer refuse to
withdraw . the goods the Health Board
will immediately move in the prosecution
of J the offender. To that end it was
deemed advisable to have the standards
ratified by the commercial interests in
volved. . . ; . ¦ .
The next question considered was the
methods of labeling goods. It was agreed
that only foods coming up to the stand
ard-would be entitled to the label, "pure
food." . All others must state distinctly
the ingredients used in their manufacture.
For example, ,if currant Jelly had mixed
with: it apple jelly It must eo state on the
labels, ; although the latter commodity is
not harmful. ; . •
Withdrawal of Condemned Goods'.
City Chemist Green opened proceedings
by explaining that his department was
prepai ing certain hxed standards for
every .variety of food sold in the market.
It was desired- before these standards be
adopted that they be sanctioned by. the
manutacturers ot the particular grade of
goods affectecL a To that end it was in
tended to- submit them to manufacturers
who would be in a position to advise a's
to what constitutes the proper f standards.
Mr. Sbarboro stated that the members of
his association would be glad ' to aid in
the matter. -J-,-^ -- .,,•«¦
Preparing Fixed Standards.
•The conference was- attended by Drs.
William, B. Lewitfand James W. Ward,
composing the Food Committee of the
Board of Health; City. Chemist Green, and
A. bbarboro, ". president, . and Charles E.
Bancroft, secretary, of the Manufactur
ers' and Producers' Association.
A conference" was" held last night be
tweart the Food Committea of ; the Board
of Health and a committee "from the Man
ufacturers' * and^ Producers' Association
for the purpose'of securing, the co-opera
tion of the manufacturers and producers
in an aggressive cajnpalgn ,'agalnst the
adulteration of. food and to- determine
upon a practical relationship between the
commerce and chemistry ' of food in gen
eral.- The Board of Health contemplates
the enaction of effective '¦¦ legislation to
prevent absolutiely the adulteration ; of
food with harmful . ineredients and to
compel ' the proper labeling of food r thac
has oeen treaiea with ingredients that are
recognized as harmless, but nevertheless
cnange the constituent elements of the
tood : product. • .- - ' . ¦ .
When Asked if He Has "Bank
Account'* Matteb.San
" • dona Collapses.
Bombardment.
Gives His Reasons for . Non-
Participation in the
Effective Legislation to' Pre
vent .Adulteration Is
Recommended.
Action Taken in the Matter
of Exhibition at St
Louis Fair.
State Association Tele
graphs Resolutions
to Congress.
Manufacturers.
Health Officials Confer
With Producers and ,
Course in Taku Trouble
Wins Praise of the
¦Government.
Painter Mistakes Deputy
Assessor for Desper
ate Character.
CITY EMPLOYE
SCARES ARTIST
MINERS DEMAND
REPRESENTATIVE
KEMPFF RETURNS
FULL OF HONORS
BEGIN CAMPAIGN
FOR PURE FOOD
TEffi SAN FRA^
Bartlett Clancy, whose address Is St.
Mary's Collegre, Oakland, has reported to
the Morgue officials the disappearance of
Patrick Clancy of the same address. Pat
rick was last seen on Monday morning.
He is 82 years old. 5 feet 6 Inches tail
and weighs 120 pounds. He ,has blue
eyes, gray hair, mustache and beard. He
v.ore a light blue suit and a dark blue
overcoat. .
Patrick Clancy Is Missing.
Kohler & Chase exchange talking: machine
records at 10c each. 2S0 O'Farrell 8t. •
7
MATIN EffTO=I> AY.
AGAIN ON SUKDAT NIGHT.
BLANCHE WAL5H
In the Delightful Flajr of the Revolution,
"J4NHE MEKEOIM/'
TO-NIGHT. Friday. Sat. Matinee and X'grht.
The New Eraotional Play "by H. J. W. Dam.
MADELEINE."
Bcpinning NEXT MONDAY.
Hall Caice'e Great Play,
THE CHRISTIAN
WITH
EDWARD MORGAN
As JOHN STORM (H'.s original role.)
Assisted by • •
ELSIE LESLIE as Glory Quayle.
SEATS NOW READY.
PACKED AGAIN LAST NIGHT
To See Our $1000 Star,
MELBOURNE MACD0WELL
Supported by FLORENCE STONE.
In the Most Sumptuous Production fcf
'CLEOPATRA"
Ever Seen on Any Stage.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
POPULAR PRICES — 10c. 15c. 25c. 50e. 73c
Good Orchestra Seats All Matinees 23c.
NEXT WEEK— "LA TOSCA."
VAUDEVlLLEJiEVELATIONS!
FANNY HICE; HEDRIX AND
PKESCOTT; • TKOTJBADOTJRS
TOUXOUIANS, AND THE BIO-
GRAPH. LAST TIMES OF PAUL
CINQUEVALLI; MR. AND MRS.
SILVER; KATHLEEN PARLOW;
3 DANCING DAWSONS, AND G
BLACKBIRDS.
Reserved Seats. Cf.c; Balcony, 10c; Box
Eeat6 and Opera Chairs, 50c.
EVENINGS AT 8 SHARP!
MATINEE SATCRDAT AT 2 SHARP!
FOURTH WEEK, and Business BIGGER
THAN EVER, the Famous BOSTONIANS'
OPERA.
—THE
Serenade!
CHARMING MUSIC! CLEVER COMEDY!
Secure Scats in Advance.
POPULAR PRICES— 25c, 50c and 75c
. Telephone — Bush 9.
Fischers Theatrej
O'Farrell st.. bet. Stockton and PowelL
Telephone Main 23V
THEY MAY STOP POKER PMYIKG,
BUT YOU CAN'T STOP
The Crowds From Attending the Excellent
Performance of
LITTLE CHRISTOPHER'
Bo Finely Presented Nightly.
The Music, Tom-n Talk. . %
The Specialties, a Sensation.
You Doubt It?
"Well." Come See It, All.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
Reserved seats 25c and OOc ax night. 25 cents
as you choose at Matinees. Keep your "Goo
Goo" Eyes here for our Surprise.
oLf 1 H. MAT R a^Ap
Belaeco & Thall, Managers.
A GREAT HIT!
The Brightest and Cleverest Comedy This Tear,
EEE THE PHONOGRAPH ACT!
A FUNNY SHOW— A GREAT CAST.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Seats on Sale Six \ Days in Advance.
PRICES— 15c, 25c. 50c and 75c
SECURE SEATS EARLY.
ALL THIS WEEK— MATINEE SATURDAY.
THIS SEASON'S GREAT SUCCESS OF THIS
EEAUTIFUL THEATER. .
HOWARD KYLE,
And a Carefully Chosen Company, In
NATHAN HALE. "I
By Clyde Fitch. n_
SEATS NOW SELLING.
NEXT SUNDAY NIGHT,
•THE DENVER EXPRESS." \
SEATS READY.
Coming— AL G. FIELD GREATER MIN-
STRELS.
BEBASCOA*oTHAU:Sjforf9£
_ A - v^ 4SVCQZ City JX£XS ;~\ :':t.
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK. '
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
v I The Champion Lightweight of the Coast.
JitVSrVSY BRITT
Ac the Bowery Boy In the Thrilling Melodrama,
"TO BOWERY AFTER DARK."
.Tlmrcy Britt Appears In Every Act.
A THKEE-ROUND CONTEST Every Evening
in the last act between Jimmy Britt
and Charley Reno.
m-fC Evrninrs....lOc. 15c. 25c, 35c. 5Oo
•»¦•* Matinees 10c. 15c. 25c
Next Week— "THE MAN-O'-WARSMAN."
STANDING ROOM AT A PREMIUM!
NORMS .& ROWE'S
BIG SHOWS.
EVERY AFTERNOON AND •EVENING AT
2:15 AND 6:15. - .
P.ARE EXJOYMENT FOR YOUNGSTERS
AND OLDSTERS.
Si
Uiir- Antmals, JlIU
ADMISSION-— Adi:lts. 25c: Children. 10c
; Phcne No. South 720.
Weekly Cail,$i.00 per Year
• . i ADVERTISEMENTS. : :
fe^ STOMACH" A
Try.a'doseiof the Bitters when
you don't feel. well or have no ap-
petite.\\It will' strengthen your
.weak 'stomach, and make you tee!
better; It cureslbelcningf, flatu-
lency, --heartburn, indigestion
rnd constipation.
NEW ADVEBTliSEMENTS
TOZILL THE . DANDBUFP GERM
Is the Only Possible Way of Having
a Permanent Cure.' r
If you see a •woman or a man with luxu-
riant, glossy hair you may^be sure neither"
has; dandruff to amount to anything.- In
nearly every case where, women and men
have thin, brittle hair they owe it to dan-
druff. There are hundreds of preparations
that '/claim" .to cure dandruff,; but' not
one but Newbro's Herplcide tells-you that
dandruff, is the result of a germ burrow-
ing in the scalp, and that permanent' cure
of dandruff and its consequent. falling and
baldness ' can only > be : had. by killing - the
germ; and there Is no other ?preparafon
that will destroy that germ but Newbro's
.Herpicide. "Destroy the cause, you re-
move the 'effect." . l
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Montz ¦
MoszKowski,
the distinguished musician, com- »
j poser, pianist and teacher, of ft
> Paris, writes as follows regarding >2
: the Mason & Hamlin Pianoforte: »
7 *';£It*has a- full, singing tone, aind u
: the action is most satisfactory.' >z
: Taker as a whole it is, I .believe, »
z an instrument of the • very first n
Z rank. -: (Signed), «
"MORITZ | MOSZKOVVSKI." ft
'The: Mason & "Hamlin is an in- ft
stniment of more than ordinary ?|
merit .It is a piano with an indi- 2|
. viduality of tone possessed by' no u
. other nianO. made — it is a piano «
4 worth investigating. We are sole li
agents: * ; : t'&%t>-\ «
B^nj. Gurtaz & Son,
|J6^2(J0 I FarrfellSt.,S.F.
i'l - RffANPH i' SAN JOSE/' >
;;!;>> DliAntn {fresno I
;? • jlUtlCJ . ) STOCKTON. «
v O/j I *i /*A Desirable location,
:.ijUiUWW unsurpassed cuisine,
- ?'¦' .t^fi^"'' r . :*i' ''.n equaled ser-
51 fill' vice and. modern
UilU - conveniences are the
.. £ . • l» "J. , ¦ • - attributes that have
ftfn tin ma<^ e thcse two
III U II U ; • tels: popular with
L'ii^^'i^. tourists and travel-
/HATaic- «rs who visit San
;1IU,IC13., Francisco.
'^¦/ :¦' ; -AMUSEMENTS.
zZg£&^£3&r E very Week Day-
V^*~':\"- ¦'.'¦' ¦ Raln'or, Shine.
NEW- CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
'. Htets ttXrt at 2 : IB p. . in. sharp. .
I >«rry-boat leaves San Francisco at 12 .m. and
12:8«. • 1,-1:30. ; 2, ;2:»0 and 3 p. m., connecting
irJUi - trains etopplnr *t i the , entrance to thu
track. -Last two cars; on - train < reserved ¦. for
ladits and their escorU; no smoking. Buy your
T>riy tickets to Shell Mound. .-All train* via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenue
electric «ar« : at\ Seventh and ' Broadway. Oaic-
Itfnd,. . Als6 all ' tralfta f.vla Alameda molo con-
nect, with -San Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth,
and Uroadtvay. ! Oa Wand. - These ¦ electric ¦ cars '¦¦
to direct to the track in fifteen minutes.
. Returning— Trains - leave - the track at * : 15
and.4:4& p. m. and - Immediately after the last
raC !fHbMAfi H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
CIIARLES F. PRICE. * Secy: and Msr.
¦ _ . ' ADVERTISEMENTS. • J
fi$}Q& K^ggyfr J^SfJH* J^SS? \f?2!^ mt/^PP^
/oTiJjB 4^^^P^k OF LONG'S PRESERVES. fj /onfl'e
ir M *^tefc»- /f 4riuv^"^^^Kj $ • Jams or Jellles is the daln- HCr 1^^^
'^j^S^tt^^^' We know this and so. will n
fonqlS '^l&^^ls^ AU varieties. * " R /oTtO'^
£* JJpj&fy -AM grocers sell them. 2
' Eighth and Brannan Sts., b
8Ortfi>a% PMSS&S&I San Francisco. g /%„-.',»
c^2y# Phone South 4S8 ' I cr^SS^
<^i!t <Mns^ J^ss^J^si^
— 3 Days to CKiC2s>g"o.
Comfortable tra^nelin.^ on" the "
Is like th© lei«u.rely rcaudiivj" of z». deli^Ktful illustrated book
J .¦ AJ3VEBTISE3TENTS. '
OOFYMOHT ltOft »Y TMt MOOT!* * QAMKI CO. CINCINNATI
A CASE OF EXTRAVAGANCE.
OT|S510U never cut off three-quarters of a new
f V f; cake of soap and throw it away! Yet you
§ \ pay twice the price of Ivory Soap for a cake
| LMfiO of "tinted" toilet soap less than half as
•large. Your little cake of toilet soap costs you four
times the price of Ivory, for it lasts only half as long
and costs twice as much. No money can buy purer
or ( better soap than Ivory. If it came in dainty
paper, all scented and colored, you would pay fifteen
cents for. a very small cake of. it.PHOTOGRAPHS SHOW THE POSSI5IL1TIESOF WILD GOOSE SHOOTING AS PRACTICED IN GLENN COUNTY BY EXPERTS.
everything -except ammunition. We were
afforded every attention and had all -we
could eat, drink and smoke; and pf the
best quality. 'Doc' Stuart, Abe ¦ Crump
and Claud -Kagee did everything possible
to make our trip a success."
The system of decoys is a most inge
nious one. I The men who organize the
shoots are said to be - remarkably clever,
at calling the geese. They have made a
lifelong study of it, and it is impossible
to tell them from the original at a short
distance. In addition to this they have a
number of geese which, they have 'tamed
for the purpose. These are taken to the
shooting grounds in crates. They usually
pick out the white ones, as they are tho
more readily distinguished by the geesre
flying about. They- clip a joint from one
wing, which prevents their joining the
other geese. They also have a fine net
about two feet; high, with which they
fence m the live decoys. The birds walk
about naturally in this -; lnclosure and
The same pits are seldom used twice
during the season, as the blrd3 locate
them quickly.- The placing of the shooters
and the live decoys is done long before
daylight, ¦ as if the teams and men are
seen by the geese they will not approach
the spot.
make no attempt to escape.
In addition to these the first Iot of geese
killed are also used as decoys. These are
held out by forked sticks, an effort being
made to show them in & natural position,
as the presence of one. dead goose
stretched out on the ground will often
scare away a lot of birds-. - When the sup
ply of forked sticks is exhausted the birds
are placed in a sitting posture, with their
heads under their wing3, as though asleep.
The work of "calling " the geese is so se
vere a strain : on the men that they dp it
on alternate days. On the day they are
not "calling" they are out digging pits
for the netft day's shoot and looking up
desirable locations."
RESULTS OR WEDNESDAY'S RACING AT OAKLAND TRACK.
OAKLAND RACETBACK-Wednesday, March 19.-Weat.her fine. Track mudd^. ,'.
3401. » FIRST RACE— Three and a half furlongs; maiden two-year-olds; to first. $325.
Index Horge and Weight. St. %. %. Str. Fin. I Owner and Jockey. I Op?* "ci
3451 Deutchland . . . . ..113 2 ... ~2 7 ~T\\( i 1 ns, B. Schreiber. . ..•.¦.Conleyl* 4 0
si^o r?r c r,- ••••¦•'• --US 1 ¦¦••• 2 4 24 26 Burns &>Vatrhs. Ransch 8-5 . 5-2
%3* v ?' Bennett.... 108 5 ...3n32 33 L. A.- Blaslngame..Hoar 4« 3
1 aino atan f a "".*.. HO 6 ... 04 4143 A. B.Spreckels.. Jackson 6 7
"I?7 fef n ?f no - 105 3 ••• C 1 6 h 6 10 Dickey & Under.. Kelly 6 6
:'i**l' o e P ance ¦••..HO 4 ... • 4 1 68 6 2 Paptnta L. Daly 30 40
3^.8J Puss in BooU....105 7 ..... 7 4 73 73 A Josephs ...... J. Dalyl 6 10
¦ Ray of stiver.;.. 110| 8 ¦¦... 8 8 8 . S. Thompson Tullett| 30 tO
4 '^ : 3 Y lt - ' Ai - Good Btart - w on ilrst three driving. Winner, B. Schreiber's b. c.
Sv n^ a VJ r ar^ illa - Deutchland had more early spepd than Maxnic and stood a hard drive.
a consistent colt that will improve. Len . Reno poorly handled. Puss in Boots
Edna Jlose 110, Honlton 105, Lady Superba 110. Escarola 100.
3403. SECOND RACE:— Six and a half furlongs;, selling; 4-year-old'g and up; to first. $325.
Index JHorge, Age. Welght.jst. %. : %. etr. ' Tin. [¦^ Owner and Jockey. ' ' j Cfrf "''ci'. ;
mim a nt n V TU j nla> *¦• 9T 4 1 h X 1V > 2 3 1 n - Caesar Young... '.Ranschl* -4-5 7-10
TAU nn ?i ee> 4 ¦"•'.••¦¦•JS2 6 3 n 4 1W ln 2 C ' D - A. Honlg..F fl untleroy ,10 '4ft
OTfir ?««"•;* - 102 l 4 1 3 1 3 5 - 3 10 . G. B. Morris...: Jackson 2 14-5
3307 Captivate. 4 ..... 04 7 6 n . : 5 n fi 12 4 4 • P. Hlldreth. ......Treanor 15 • SO
iiki VitV^T?1? ry - E a --J°5 5 22 2n 5 h. 5 1 Bufgln & McAtee.Rown ,20" 25
V%' Ph»n i Uyi ' 5 -''" 100 '2 5 ! « 2 4 10 5 W. t. SUnfleld..Duggan :, 4 6
" Sf apple ' a • " 2 7 3 7 5- 7 10 7 10 I. " Storehouse Frowen 30 100'
2905 Ping, a ...1Q2|8 8 ,: 8 ¦ 8 8 C. ¦ \V. Chappell. ..Stuart ,30 75
T1 ?!»^7o^'v :25; 51; % - 1:16 W: 6Hf.l:24. Good start. .Won first three driving. Winner,
niLJ L . n 5, 8 ,, br - m ; by Massetto-Queen Titanla. ; Judging rrom her poor race, the Prin- r
•twS^Ii? riK^ a slow track., Antolee a surprise. Dorian tired the last quarter. Little
Henry quit. Kitty Kelly received a weak Tide. Scratched— EL Oriente: 102.
3403. THIRD RACE— One mile; Klickltat handicap; three-year-olda and .up; to first. $4C0.
Index (Horse. Age. Weight. [St.- y t . '%.¦ Str. Fin. ( Owner and ' Jockey. j <Sf^c£ "
1 5 p- ; -'J^ i '-'* 4 1 %'¦¦ ! % G. B. Morrisi.;.:Jacksonr 6-5 3-2 -
*^I R^ r °r er ' C -."; 1 2I ? .32^3 2 3 0 2 1 . F.-J.. O'Rourko.. Ransch 2 11-5
«^&t •;",¦;¦ M 1. 1.1>4:1 1 2 %¦ SS Curl&,Co....*..L. Dalyl
(3150)|Slstcr Jeanle/ 3.: 00 2 ,,Z n, ..2 n 4 , 4 ; Jennings & Co...J. Dalyl .S 9-2 s
T1^f^ y *' : wi 4: %. 1:1SI4; mile. 1:45. Good start. Won easily. ";¦ Second and third
Kt ii t f 1 G - B - Morris' ch. g. by AVatercress-Lena's First. Watercure went to the
iront waen Jackson got ready.- The Fretter ran his, race. Sister Jeante rated to no ad- ,.
3404. FOURTH RACE— Seven, furlongs; three-year-olds' and up; to first, $323. ... .
Indtx [Horse. Age, Weight. St. ij. %. ¦ ; Etr. '. Tln._ fc^ner and Jockey:. O^? U "cf.
( .^ } S ld E " sIand ' 3 - : - n5 1 : 1 2Vj 1 5 1 5 15 G. B. Morris. ...Jackson " 1-2 9-20
•ft™ SS* 6^ 011 ' C V"??? t- ! n 2 S 3 8 2 5 H - L- Frank...... Conley . 5 uto
£5&t\ ?« a 'Q ueen .. °""J" 2 t'r ¦ i, * 3i John, A: Lewis... Stuart 10 40
(3448)|Joe Frey.- 4. .;. . .113 2 3 5 2 1 3 4.4 ¦ . J. F. Schorr ..... Ransch 3 5 .
Time— %: :25: Vt, :50;,.'%,il:10%; \ %, .1:30. Good start. AVon easily/ Second and third*
: driving. : Winner.', G.B. Morris', b.sr., by Goldflnch-Qucen Bess. . A "pipe opener" for the
winner. Joe Frey ran well to stretch, where Ransch took him in the muddy going This"
gave the place to Hagerdon. Sea Queen will be hard to beat In cheaper company.
3405. '.;FIFtH RACE — Mile and an eighth; selling; .threq-year-olds and up;, to first, $325." •
Index Horse. J Age. Weight. St. k M- Vj- "V Str. >; Fin. ; ': Owner and Jockey. Op? tU !ci". '
2^J, R«dwald,'5..:...:ioC 1 .tl 1% l'lij 12 -:i;i -. Jennings & Co.. L. Daly : 3 • lfi -, '
34fi2 John, McGurk, 4. :»!> '4 4 1% .1 1 2 I 2 4 H. E.Rowell. . . . J.' dI y ' 3 ".5
,3453 Com. Forster, 3. .100 3 21 2n 4 2 3% J >- F. ¦ Schorr ¦ Ransch 2 00
(3445) Frank Woods'. • 0. .105 ,0 (!. 4 n • 3 1 4 V Garden City Stablef "lee ' S °'l
<3f28) Picador, 4. . . ..-. Mil 5 • 5 n 0 0 r, 1 . T.« H.- Stevens. . .Jackson • • 3 ' 4
J445jMorlnel, :a:.......ioi 2--3 % 5 2 .'5.^ (t M.- Storn. ....Birkenruth^^ V'hj
Time— 14, :25%;. %, :52; %; .1:10: mile. 1:40;. li<im. 1 :C0. ; Good start: AVon • easily"" "sec"
. ond^and, third driving. -Winner. W.B.Jennln B B & Co. 'a eh. g. by Tenny-RedworthRose'' -
.L.rDaly on. the winner rode a better race than did J. Daly on John'McGurk - Picador w»V
'lame. ..Forster, Bhowed improvement. '•; ,¦ ;¦ . ' r ' caam "«» -
3400. ; SIXTH RACE-^-One mile; selling; three-yea'r-old3 and up; to, first. $325.! ; .
Index Horse. Age. . Weight. St." ,;'i. %. Str. r Flni: Owner and Jockey!. A O^?^'^5l'
3238 Arttlla. '5. . ......UOO T 5 . 5 0 4 5.1 h . 1 1% C. W.'. Carroll.-. .Jackson " 7.0 i« k '
¦1^} The Singer. 5.... Ill 4 lh -12 2n "2 2 Magrane &, Co. ..Conley 3 6 "*1
: -2-JS4 Vasallo.- 3.r 07 3. 4 4 "2 1^ 3 2,3 l-:.-> Burns & Waterhs..Ranch 2' o
'3|20 Expedient. 5.....111 1 , 3 2. 2 n,. 4 I 4.1 j P.; E. SmlthV... j. "Daly ; 40 sH
; 3428 Jingler.sS.. ...... 93 7. 7/. .0 5 5 12 5 15 :. D.' S. Fountain.. Treanor ": r
,3401 Roul. Wheel,.a..lO9-2; 2,h 5 1 7 - .6 2 ; H. : Willis.' .V. . .L. Daly 40 ' 2 n
3445 Senator Matts. C.lll 6 6h'7 -61 .7 ¦ - H. L. Haskell. '.: V.TBeH Uff '¦
i .^ 1 5If7 %> : i G: ' %> ' :B1%: [%V.U19; r mile. -1:45%/. Bad, start.". Won ' easily. V* Second and third "
driving. C...W." Carroll's br.lm.?by Artillery -Duchess . of Towers. The Singer and '
Y aKall o both tired., Artllla had -nothing left to beat. V, Jlngler ip poor form. . Scratched
¦Aloha II. Ill, Light Ball 107, Our, Lizzie 100, Evea G 81, .Gawaine \Q1. • ? scratched—,
chances of Redwafd one spectator bet the short i price and ¦ must - have been Dlavln?
bookmakers to. a. standstill, on the : - race, on excellent information" .Paying
.At the close he was willingto accept a "¦ "Silver ; Bill" ; Reilly left ' for Bennirigs
. First race— Nanriie Nolan. Silver Flz2. Berea
dos. 0S8t
Second . race — Royal Rogue, Claudlator. SI
Chihuahua.
Third race— Lizzie Rice. Delsegno. Oro Viva.
Fourth race— John Peters. Duckoy. School for
Scandal. gKjH
Fifth race— Black Dick. Jim Hale. MacGyl*
. Sixth race — St. Phllliplna, Colonial GlrL iUr- •
aoal Neil. ' '
LOS ' ANGELES, March 19.— The Her
ald's Washington correspondent .tele
graphs that the contest ¦ over.; the post
mastership In Watsonville is ended and
that the name of George G. Radcllff was
sent to the Senate to-day. Radcliff was
recommended by Representative McLach
lan* ¦ • '¦¦ . ¦ - <v •
Badcliff to Be Postmaster.
Selections for To-Day.
Deutchland will be a starter in, the rich
Produce Exchange stakes to be decided on
Saturday. MaxnlCr is, also . entered. ".' ,«'.:
Old England is entered in n the American
Derby and .:, is quoted at 30 to 1 in-: the
winter books. '^%^S^BS3SS0aS3KPW^Sffi
There are some very smart people about
racetracks these days. Although , Walter
Jennings did not like particularly well the
. Jockey Harry Blrkenruth will depart on
Sunday for Little Rock, where. the, stable
of his employer, Louis Ezell. is now quar
tered, r . ¦ :: ; ¦¦¦'¦•.¦ — • v-v ¦..-:• ••
Lee Jackson 'piloted three winners yes
terday and once finished third. •" . .
Track ITotes.
Thursday ana Friday of each week *>v
cepting- when they fall on holidays Wl?e
set aside as ladies', days. On thesl" o^f
yesterday, morning. At one stage of th~
game here the veteran penciler a^i? J!\°
tloneer was $10,000 to the good hm.;
fXS , awa r again; and fiT r'et^ed
. After pulling up stakes'once and bidding
the game at Oakland farewell the J?ii g
balanced lields proved t^o much o?^
temptation and Joe Rose cut In again ves
terday.. He quit $2500 loaer on the aft«-"
noon's exercises. " ".--,- arter "
-If Old England and Cruzados shouM
happen to. meet on Saturday It would)™
a great drawing card. • .'' V0Uld b <>
Following are the entries for this-after
noon s events: .-.>. - ¦¦T^T ,"
••First race— Six furlongs, selling: three- vear
olds and upward : jear
<2C50)Geo. Clark ... 061 3432 Clarando' in<i
S425 Ned Dennis ..110 2422 Legal ° Mailm o«.
82aT Bagdad . . . . .;il0l .3452 Loyal S * i*T
3425 Panimlnt'.... 113 3430 Killdoe , ' " ™
3443 Mont. Peeress. 94 '-3280 Silver V|m"'iS2
.3432 Berendos . . . ..107 (g316)Nannie NoUn.m
Second race— Five and a half furlones ~ «.n
Ing; three-year-olds: • *uriongrs, aell
(33f>5)Derby Wlnner.119! .&286 Chandoo - ii-r
3231 Royal Rogue .. 114 '• 3209 CatheHo '**"* iJX
3227 Claudlator ....114| 3352 L..or LSnV^niv*
3438 Dwight Way.'.lU 3443 Flattered^ 5 '}}o
3390 El Chihuahua.117 ( ¦ "i«ered _¦..,. .112
Third race— Three and a half furlong* --ii
ing ; two-year-olds : . . ¦ • 6 • . 8 * 11
The playing rules of the American
League . of 1901 were agreed upon. Four
games will be played each week In this
city-Thursday. Friday. Saturday and
Sunday--and two in Oakland— Wednesday
afternoon and Sunday morning. Los An
geles will be given an extra game each
week this ¦ season while the team is at
home a morning game having
been decided upon.. Sacramento will hav!
the same number of games as last year^
Thursday, Friday, Saturday and Sunday
All teams will wear white un»fnr^»
while on the home ground! and white a ™d
rnaroon when visiting. Umpires ; wil t also
be required to don a regulation suit £%.
club will be allowed to fign a pllyer who
ber°15 ?e . thC State ° n or after oSS
The schedule was adopted and will be
made public on Sunday. The Spalding
ball was again adopted. ,The only new
rule decided 'upon was one which requires
the catcher to "play up" behind the bat
throughout the game. This will shorten
each game an average of nearly five min
utes. .
The officials of the California Baseball
League met last night and decided upon
the rules 'and regulations which shall gov
ern the teams of, the league for the sea
son of 1902.
PHILADELPHIA, March 19.—Philadel
phia Jack O'Brien knocked out Ed Den
fass of this city to-night at the Penn
Athletic Club in the fifth round; .w
CINCINNATI. March 19.— Sam Harris,
manager for Terry McGovern, announced
that he had offered to match ; McGovern
against Benny Yanger""of Chicago, the
fight to take place some time In May. ¦ It
Is expected that it will take place in Lou
isville.
LOUISVILLE, March 19.-Frank; Erne
of Buffalo and George McFadden of New
York have si&ned articles to fight before
the Southern Athletic Club of this city on
April 14 for the lightweight championship
of the world. - . ;
CHICAGO, March 19.— The Erne-Gard
ner fight, which was at first scheduled to
take place to-night. Is slated for Friday
night. The postponement was due to the
fact that Governor Yates opposed the use
of a State militia armory for prlzering
purposes. A large hall has been secured
which is owned by private individuals.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., March 19.— Tommy
Ryan to-day accepted a proposition to
box Johnny Gorman of New York before
the National Sporting Club of London for
S5000 a side coronation week The Na
tional Sporting Club tried to arrange a
match between Ryan and Jack O'Brien,
but the men failed to agree on terms.
"Robert Fitzsimmons, Bath Bench, N.
Y. — Our three offers still open. Jeffries
understands the conditions thoroughly
and prefers the 75 per cent proposition.
If this is accepted we will place S50.000 in
any bank in California. You select ref
eree. ' San Francisco raised* license $5000.
Have already secured permit here. If
fight comes here it must be during week
ending May 10, as there will be 100.O0J vis
itors for the Fiesta carnival. Must hear
from you by noon to-morrow.
. "CENTURY ATHLETIC CLUB."
"Robert Fitzslmmons, Bath Beach. . N.
Y.— I think the best thing we can do is to
accept the offer of the los Angeles club
before they withdraw It. Answer at once.
, "J. J. JEFFRIES."
The Century Club supplemented Jeffries'
telegram with the following:
LOS ANGELES, March 19.— The time
FItzsimmc-ns was given to accept or re
ject the offer of the Century Club for the
prospective Jeffries-Fitzsimmons fight ex
pired to-night without any final decision
by the Cornishman. In reply to Jeffries'
personal message of last night Fitzsim
mons telegraphed to-day that he was
holding off with the hope that some East
ern Club would raise the $25,000 bid of the
Los Angeles people. He suggested the
time be extended until April L In reply
to this Jeffries sent the following tele
gram:
Sixth race^-Six furlongs, selling: three-year
olds and upward: * a
(3460)Dol. WelthofMlO . 3460 Marshal Nell 110
3442'Qulet 101 3333 Colonial Girl 104
3016 Miss M. Day. 112 3+19 Ada N lS
32fil John BOK83 . .110 3449 Paralfal' \cet
3154 Bernota . . .'. . .107 344:4 St. PhiniDina' 9ft
3449 Our L-lziie ...114 3418 Educate . ...^ 105
Fifth race— Mile and a «Uteenth. «elHnir
four-year-olds and. upward : '
(3452) Black Dick... 108 f 3447 McGyle iot
(3418)Hortoh 110 3435 Galanthus"'" 103
3453 Jim Hale 10"l '••¦ lw
g%5?Vi^--::::SI -ill
Fourth race— Six furlongs, selling- three
year-olds and upward: s> ™»ree
3454 S. for Scandal.102 8423 Botany ' too
3435 Duckoy 104 20(54. Gold Cottaee 100
3408 Quadra 92 2560 Arion *- ottas< ™
(3S94)John Peters... !)T 3201 Afghan" "'" 11 6
. 3448 February ..... 071 3331 Jerid . . '. '. '. '. '. '. 102
With Four Events Undecided, the
Field Day Sports Are Brought
. to a Conclusion.
SAN JOSE, March 19.— The Stanford
University freshmen and Santa. Clara Col
lege held interesting field day sports at
Santa Clara this afternoon. Eight of the
events had been completed when the Stan
ford men were obliged to catch a train
for home. The score then stood 43 for
Stanford to 32 for Santa Clara.
A large crowd witnessed the contests. If
the other four events had been played
Santa Clara claimed she would have won
The events not completed were the broad
Jump, high Jump, hammer throw and 220
yard dash. Santa Clara was certain of
the hammer throw, as Cutter a few days
ago broke the world's record, throwing a
twelve-pound hammer 195 feet 2 inchrs
r^uftf^o'w? 84 f6et ' InCh - - The detal^
Mile run— Castro, Santa Clara, won; Haw
kins. Stanford, second; -Ghoranson. Santa
Clara, third. Time, 6:01 1-5 '*
100-yard dash— McCan S hern." Stanford, won-
a er u 1^. nta TiSrh 1 ' econd: Kitch -. st- :
T^^X yA %^t dl r~^ oodmm9 - Stanford, won:
C^tthfrr^me.^ 0^ HUbbard « Santi
440-yard dash— Kehrlein, Stanford won-
Ca V h h i r d. aa T^e C1 f5 r ?-x!r Ond: *~i S "
8SO-yard run— Taysey. Stanford, won- Cai
hurdle— Dole. Stanford, won- Be»rh
an t f ,^'ta1ct na: HUbbard ' S-ta'c.S?a B t e h r r S:
«!t P0 }tJ aUlt ~ C 2 mer - Santa Clara . Bell
flSVS : Flemln S- Santa Clara/ tSr^
League Magnates Meet
to Discuss Plans for
V:* y;the Season:
STANFORD FRESHMEN" t.ttati
SANTA CLARA ATHLETES
Expresses Hope Some
Eastern Club Will
Make a Bid. H
-..-¦-....¦.;%- __ _ •
THE OjA.I-.Ij'S IR^OIISrGS- FORM) OH-A-R/T.
. * • - - ¦¦¦.¦¦' ¦ ¦ - \ • - ¦
PLAYING RULES
DECIDED UPON
Four out of six first choices reached the
wire nrst and the books received a severe
jarring. The- fields are constantly im
proving and the crowds are large. Busi
ness in the ring is good, with the talent
more than holding its own/
Because of the track's condition the
books went to 2 . to 1 in the search for
Watercure money. The Morris entry was
allotted 122 pounds in the Klickltat handi
cap,at a mile and has always been partial
to 'a fast track. Class told though. r for
after Bragg and TheFretter had. led- to
the stretch Jackson moved with Water
cure and galloping to the front downed
The Fretter at leisure. The winner's odds
were backed down to 3 to 2. ,:
Barney Schrelber's bay ' colt, Deutch
land, by | imp. Sain-Derf argllla, won the
opening two-year-old - scramble at \ three
and a half furlongs in a nose finish with
Maxnlc; the favorite. Conley, 'who had
the mount on the Schreiber entry, shot
across thft' track from the outside and
getting the good going was never headed.
The winner was 8 to 1 in the ring. J. H.
Bennett finished third.
Princess . Titanla. an odds on. favorite,
had a narrow escape from defeat .In the
six and a half furlong .selling number.
Fortunately. Jackson managed to get the
mare" away well :¦¦ and after making the
running was brought to' a hard drive 'to
down the 40, to 1 shot Antolee a neck.
Dorian fell heir to show honors. I
A "killing" was made by somebody over 1
the capture of the mile and a furlong sell
ing- number. From 4 and.; 4%-' the . odds
against Redwald were hammered down to
11 to 5, and with Larry Daly on his back'
the chestnut horse. won all the way. John
McGurk, piloted by Johnny Daly, finished
a close second: Commissioner : Forster,
from the. Schorr stable, ran third.- '
* Nothing possessed of much, class started
In the final mile selling run and Artllla.
once as good as 7 to 2. enjoyed an, easy,
race of It. The Singer led into the stretch,
when he began • to ¦ ' tire. > lastlnp ; : long
enough, however, to beat Vasallo; the fa
vorite, for second place... . ¦ -
i. ¦¦ .i > ¦«
OWNER GREEN MORRIS started
his massive three-year-old, Old
England, In a seven furlong purse
event at Oakland yesterday,
pitted against him being Hager
don, Joe' Frey and Sea Queen. Green
said he did not know how his horse would
take to the footing, which was somewhat
heavy from the showers of. the day be
fore, but the public insisted in making
the big fellow a 1 to 2 chance Just the
same. Joe Frey was a drug on the mar
ket, the place play being confined to
Hagerdon, which horse's odds fell from
6 to 5 to 4 to 5. and the "books were hard
hit on this last named play. The: colored
foreman of the Morris stable told Lee
Jackson "to let Olfl England gallop pver
to the seven-furlong. pole and. breeze to
the stretch." From start to finish the fa
vorite ran under mild . restraint, winning
by five open lengths. under closely reefed
sails. "Ransch on Joe Frey, got mixed up
with the damp going- when the stretch
was reached and : finished last, Ha gerdon
taking the place, five lengths before Sea
Queen. ';
is extremely difficult owing to the
cramped position in which a man must
remain until the birds are within range.
The best shots will often miss repeatedly.
The shooting is done from small pits,"
each of which holds a man in a kneeling
posture. v , . .
As the geese are attracted over the
pits thfe shooter gets to his feet quickly
and lets drive at them.. The birds are re
markably quix;k, and although they fly in
large flocks they are quickly out of range.
Sometimes a man will provide himself
with an extra gun, but he is seldom able
to use it. When a bird is hit it strikes
the earth with a sound such as a sack of
potatoes -would make in falling, the same
distance.. , - , ?T . ¦
• There is a tendency in some quarters
to criticize the killing of these birds in
large numbers. However,, they are there
In countless thousands, and this is be
lieved to be their last stopping place be-
fore going into the frozen north. They
feed chiefly on pepper grass, and after a
stay of six weeks are heavily laden with
fat and- are ready for their northern Jour
ney. The season is a comparatively short
one,' seldom lasting two months.'
"April 10 is apparently fixed as moving
day. After that date they may be counted
upon to, disappear at any time. They are
delicious eating as prepared by our hosts.
The breast of a goose makes four steaks
better than any tenderloin 1 1 have ever
eaten. The skin is removed and the meat
is cooked after the fashion of a veal cut
let. The railroad company makes a spe
cial rate of 75 cents on the 100 pounds for
birds shipped to this city..
"Thisis , the last season 'Doc' Stuart
will have an outfit in the field. The ex
pense is great, and the continued wet
weather during the past month has inter
fered with the work. The outfit consists
of six men and six horses. The charga is
?12 per day per , visitor. This- includes
In speaking of his experience after
geese Mr. Bushnell said: "I never had a
more enjoyable shooting trip. I know
some people not familiar with the condi
tions have an idea this is pothunting, but
it is nothing of the kind. The shooting
"FITZ" STILL
URGES DELAY
Seven hundred and eighty-three geese
fell to the four guns in two days. This
is the record shoot for that district. The
birds were all distributed among the
friends of the quartet of gunmen, none
going to waste.
sportsmen envious by telling of
the sbcoting they enjoyed recently in a
two days' duck shoot at Norman, Glenn
County. '< *
FRED H. BUSHNELL, John C.
Coleman, A. Dalton Harrison and
Charles A. Palm, the latter of
Sacramento, are making fellow
Reserve stake. 16 entries — T. Jolley*s To
ronto vs. T. Jolley'a Little May; M. B. Kava
nagh's Might Be Keen va. Pasha Kennels'
Regal Attire: J. F. Rodger*' Arbacua va.
Pasha Kennels' Reve d* Amour* W. C. Badger 1 *
Helena va. M. Nealon's Pat Freedom; Pasha
Kennels* Reckless Admirer vs. : W. Cairns'
East lake: Kelley & Hanley's Fearful Ship va.
T. Meagher's Royalist; W. Calrn'a Melrose vs.
M. Fahey*a Home Rule; W. C. Badger* » Fear
less vs.. J. F. Rodgers" Erebus.
An open stake, sixty-four entries — E. Geary' a
Fenii va. J. Dempsey's Jingle Bells; T. Cox'a
Crockett Hill va. J. S. Badfa Lovina; F.
Rosenberger*s Lady Chiqnlta vs. Pasha Ken
nels* Rollicking Airs; J. Horn's McHenry vs.
Alameda Kennels' Clarice; P. J. Reilly's Hon
esty vs. F. C. Mack' a Delia Mr R. B. Kay's
Hawker vs. W. C. de B. Lopez's Peplta; F.
Rosenberger's Master Bly vs. J. Hurley's
Gramercy; J. "F. Cheetham'a Representative vs.
Chiarial Bros. White Hat; M. Nealon'a Fred
Freedom vs. Alameda Kennels' Lilac; F. C.
Mack's Woodcock Boy vs." E. Geary's America;
P. • SI. Clarkaon's Flower of Gold vs. Pasha
Kennels' Real Lassie: C. Plckard'a Bright
Gold va. J. Connolly's New Moon; P. M.
Clarkson's Miss _ Brummel va. E. Geary" a
dTAthy; J. Mortality's Snapper Garrison vs.
W. Cairns' Imperial; T. Maher' s Lord Goff vs.
E. Geary's Ireland: Pasha. Kennels' Royal
Archer vs. E. Geary's Bonnie Hughie; M.
MIchilik's Strayaway vs. C. G. Whalen's GH
more; L. M. Connell's Black Coon vs.- E.
• Geary's Little Jim; J. W. Fahey*s October Lad
vs. E." L. Hathaway's Bridget Cleary; Pasha.
Kennels' Rich Argosy vs. J. J. Keenan's Lun
d»n Links; J. Hurley's Shylock Boy vs. J. F.
Rodgers' Glaucus; B. Senderman's Comique vs.
P. M. Clarkson's Prompto; E. Geary's Fannie
Hughie vs. E. Geary's Fair Oaks; J. Moriar
ity's" Kittleman vs. J. Hurley's Rlley Grannan-
Kelley & Hanley's Lusmagh Lad va. H. L.
Meharry'a Roxana; Chiarlni Bros.' Santonin
va. R. B. Kay" a Schilling's . Best: C. G
Whalen'a Miss Shirley vs. P. Doyle's Liber
ator; T. Coleman'e Cotton Ball vs. W John
son's Articulate; A. McLeod'v- Blond Beauty
vs. C. O. Peterson's Haphazard; El Geary's
Ruby Sankey vs. Chiarlni Bros;' Sempronius-
F. Jones' Harlean Gladys vs. J. Trade's Casey ;
D. Toland's Pleasant Girl va. T. Millerlck'i
My Selection.
The young greyhounds will be afforded
an opportunity to show their speed and
skill on Saturday at Union Coursing Park.
A sapling stake is a feature of the card.
Win,? Wing, a starter in the Belle Bran
don stake* is the only entry with previous
experience. Ready Address, by Fortune
Favente-Brilliantlne, and Conroy, by
Connemara, are among the entries.
The older greyhounds are divided among
three stakes instead, of two. This la ex
pected to promote keener competition
throughout, as the dogs will be more
evenly -matched. The draw last night re
sulted as follows:
Sapling stake— A. O. Roberts' Ella. May ?••
J. E Monoghan's Silver Crescent; Pasha Ken
nels'' Ready Address vs. T. 'Sullivan's Maid o
the Glen; T. Sullivan's Pepper Hill vs. M. C.
Delano'* Conroy; J. Connolly's "Wing Wing vs.
G. Cook's Spindle Boy. «._.,.
Special stake. 32 entries— A. R. Curtis**
Luxor vs. J. Sheridan's Forest Queen; O.
Zahl's Homer Boy vs. A. R. Curtis' Chart*:
J Carroll's Master Clair vs. Alameda Ken
nels' Merrimac; A. R. Curtis' Lost Chord vs.
P. Mullarky's Mamie Pleasant; Alameda Ken
nels' Melrose Lad vs. A. R. Curtis' Anchor;
P. M. Clarkson'a Golden Garter va. Sterl &
Knowles' Sleety Miat;' Chiarlni Brothera'
Tame Tralee vs. H. H. Gray'a Ror.a; A. R.
Curtis' Leola vs. E. Geary's Roy Hughie; F.
Jones' "Wedgewood vs. A. R. Curtis' Narcissus:
J. Carroll's Auckland vs. Pasha Kennels'
Roman Athlete; T. Burke' s Aggie W v». T. J.
Cronln's Vandal; Pasha Kennels* Rocker v*.
P. M. Clarkson'a Sofala; T. J. Cronin's Tralea
Boy vs. Chiarlni Brothers' Dewdrop; A. R.
Curtis' Flying Fox vs. Sterl & Knowles' Frees*
Out; Sterl & Knowlea* Cold Shivers \s. A. R.
Curtis' War Eagle; E. Geary's Bonnie Pasha
vs. Alameda Kennels' A. J. Martin.
Management Determines to
Run the Older Dogs in
Three Stakes.
Young Greyhounds Will
Start at Union
Park.
SAPLINGS READY
FOR THE SLIPS
GUNMEN FOUR PARTICIPATE I IN A REMARKABLE GOOSE SHOOT
SWIMMERS GUT
SEVERAL RECORDS
Leary and Brewer Show
Their Speed in the
Olympic Tank.
Are Presented With Special
Medals on Behalf of
the Club.
• - vj , ; .•"•', '. './ ivy !•.'•>;
J. Scott Leary and Howard F. Brewer,
the crack swimmers of the Olympic Ath
letic Club, distinguished themselves last
night by setting new American marks
for several distances In the club tank.
Leary swam 110 yards in 1 minute and
13 seconds, the record being 1 minute 22 2-5
seconds, held by H. H. Keeder. Leary
went on and covered 135 yards in 1 minute
and 36 seconds, the former record being
1:40, held by J. H. Taylor.
Brewer reduced the 660-yard record of
10:37 4-5, held by Otto Wahle, to 9:41.
He continued on to the' 840-yard mark,
covering the distance In 12:24. In this he
lowered his own record of 12:40 2-5. This
is not a standard distance and there is no
American record on the books.
As usual the men swam with such per
fect ease as to lead the spectators to be
lieve they were not trying.
During the evening President William
Greer Harrison, in a clever speech, com
plimented the swimmers upon their splen
did euceess in the East. On behalf of the
club he presented each man a special
medal as a token of appreciation of their
efforts. • - '
There were other excellent numbers on
the programme, the large attendance of
spectators being delighted with the diving
competition and with Leary's great finish
in the relay race. They were amused by
the obstacle race, the comedy touch of
the evening.
The other races resulted as follows:
50 yard club handicap — Won by Frank
Clough; H. C. Duckett second and Frank
Sherry third. /
Plunging — Won by Frame Clough;
Archie Taylor 6econd.
Springboard diving— After five men were
a tie D. Kopke won, Lester Hammersmith
second, Clough third, Blenfield fourth and
Gray fifth.
Team relay race— Frank Clough, J. Wa
ters and R. Ott won.
Obstacle race — Alex W. Pape won; R.
BienSeld second.
The affair was in charge of the follow
ing:
Starter. George James; timers, John
Elliott, C. K. Melrose, F. R. Butz; Judges,
William Greer Harrison, P. M. Wand. H.
V. Ramsdell; under the direction of John
A. Hammersmith, leader.
JOE ANGELI DEFEATS
- JOHN SCHMELTER EASILY
Italian Boxer Has Little Trouble in
¦Winning — Other Fast Bouts in
Pavilion Annex.
Joe Angeli and John Schmelter fur
nished the main event at the Hayes Val
ley Club's amateur boxing exhibition last
evening. Angeli assumed the aggressive
in the first round and punched Schmelter
all over the ring.
Angeli repeated his rushing tactics in
the second rounds but Schmelter met him
fairly well. Schmelter took the count
twice In this round.
At the opening of the third round both
men. fought each other to the floor. As
usual Angeli had the better of the round.
Angeli hammered Schmelter in the
fourth, knocking him to his knees re
peatedly. The beaten man's seconds threw
up a towel as a signal of defeat.
Lew Powell was given a decision over
Ed Gilleton after four rounds of willing
fighting.
Pete Carroll threw his right shoulder
out swinging at "Monte" Attel and had
to stop fighting after the first. round.
Billy McCarthy, a sturdy representative
of the navy, was knocked over by Fred
Landers in the first round. "Keegan"
Monahan, who manages McCarthy, wants
a return match. •¦- • v .
Sergeant Harper lacked a knowledge of
fisticuffs and stopped the contest between
.Fred Belango and Gus Covey, because
the former struck at Covey as he was
slipping to the floor. The referee award
ed the bout to Balango, who had a lead.
Caesar Attel was given a decision over
H. P. Ordway after four rounds of bat
tling.
Mike Maher settled the aspirations of
Frank Gorman in one round. The latter's
seconds threw up the sponge.
New Orleans "R-^n^g.
NEW ORLEANS. March 19.— Summary :
First race. 8ix furlongs — Moderator won, I.
Eatnueleon second, Kin^ford third. Time, 1:15.
Second race, one mile and seventy yards —
Felix Bard won, Tom Kingsley second, Intru
sive third. Time, 1:41. '
Third raffe. one mile — Kaffir won. The Four
Hundred Becond, Prowl third. Time, 1:42.
Fourth race, one mile — Imp. Albula won-,
Butch Miller second. Homage • third. Time,
1:414.
Fifth race. one. mile and a quarter, selling: —
Par the Fiddler won. Free Admission second,
Woo<3triee third. Time, 2:09.
Sixth race, selling, one mile and a quarter 1 —
El Ghor won, Kingstelle second, Lou Rey third.
Time, 2:0S%.
Seventh race, selling:, seven furlongs — Andes
won. Sir Kingston second. Lady Kent third.
Time, 1:28. •
Uotable Sale of Thoroughbreds.
LEXINGTON, Ky., March 19.— The big
gest deal in horseflesh in years was con
summated hero to-day when J. W. Schorr
of Memphis and J. J. McCafferty pur
chased of J. M. Camden of the Hartlnrxl
stud, Woodford County, thirty-one head
of yearling thoroughbreds for $20,000. Six
teen are By Imp. Esher, twelve by Hand
some and the rest by well-known sires.
Britt Offers to Fight McGovern.
Jimmy Britt, who Is appearing- this
week at the Central Theater, has signified
his willingmess to meet Terry McGovern
In the ring. The managers of the Yo
semite Athletic Club have wired East an
offer and expect an answer at any time
Britt offers to fight at 130 pounds, give or
t»ke two pounds.
Boss Wins Park Tennis Match.
The fourth tennis tournament for Juve
niles was completed yesterday on the park
courts. The winner was George Ross. In
the finals he beat Knickerbocker on even
terms, 6-0, 6-0. The latter should have re
ceived a handicap.
8
THE SAN KKANCISCO /CALL,; THUKSBAY, .MARCH 20, 1902. ¦
Are you Bilious?
Do you have Sick Head-
aches? You can be quickly
and easily relieved by taking
Beechams
Pills
Sold ErvcTvhm* Xb boxtw tOou ttivfl Wb%. i OAKLAND,' March ;<? 19.— Licenses I to
marry .were j issued " to-day to Robert : C.
Thompson; aged 30,. and Vivia M; Gage, 24,
both of '-. Berkeley; ; Roman. Baudendistel,
30, and Barbara Humbert,' 26, both of Oak
land. . - ¦ ¦> ;..-
Licensed to Marryv
PORTLAND, Or., March 19.— The Inde
pendents controlled . the Republican
County Convention to-day, electing their
chairman by a vote of 100 to 57. The con
vention elected fifty-seven delegates to the
State convention, nominated. ex-Judge
Henry E. McGinn for State Senator,
named twelve candidates for the lower
House of- the Legislature and adjourned
until March 27, when the county and city"
ticket will be completed. The delegates to
the State Convention, which will nominate
a Governor and a full State ticket, were
not instructed. • . • . •
McGinn for State Senator.
VICTORIA. B -' C— Arrived y March .. 19— Br
bark ; Glenmark,' from >; Chanarel ; stmr ¦¦ Queen,
from Tacoma; | Br,' stmr Aorahgi, j from Sydney.'
Sailed March 19— ItalLBhip'Macdiarmld, from
Tacoma. ' . ¦ ,:
FOREIGN PORT.
Schr Newark, 1 Nielsen,-——. ¦'
-. DOMESTIC, PORT.
" 'ASTORIA— Reported ; outside March 19^-Er
ship Dovenly Hall, -from j Liverpool. '-. ,- ¦ •- '.-; j
•¦ Sailed 'March 19^-Stmr" Columbia, for. San
Francisco. : • ¦ ." - ¦ . ¦„¦ -> ..¦ . .
• - . ' N Wednesday,, March 19.
Ship Falls of. Clyde, Matson, f 16' days from
Ship ' Invincible. Mackenzie, . 11 clays from
Port Blakeley. : . ¦ --. '. -''•¦.-' " -•• '.
SAILED. . , • -
Wednesday, March 10. '
Late . Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.' V. .
The estate of tho late Benjamin M.
Hartshorne has been apraised at $345,
341 55. It consists of ?1S,19O 67, stock in va
rious banks •worth $193,795 and real estate
worth 5133,346 88. . «
Hartshorne Estate Is Appraised.
Samuel McComber. a carpenter, while
working on his residence on Twenty
fourth avenue, fell from a ladder and
broke two ribs cm the right side. The
injury was dressed at the Central Emer
gency Hospital. ' :-.''/¦'¦
Carpenter Breaks Two Bibs.
BRIEF CITY NEWS.
SUES RAILWAY COMPANY.— Wfll lam
Parker is suing the Market-street Railway
Company for $2033 damages for the destruction
of his wagon and injuries to himself received
in a collision with a Mission-street car last
November. -""¦-. , •'.*;.*¦.• "*'
WILL CONDUCT A*. HOTEL.. — The J. M.
Wilklns Company,' organized for the purpose
of conducting a general hotel business, was in
corporated yesterday with a . capital stock of
S20 000. The directors are James M. "Wilklns.
Artemisia jWllklns, Charles F. Wilklns, S. C.
Denson and B. Warner Rice.
INSOLVENCY PETITIONS.— Petitions in in
solvency were * filed yesterday in the United
States District Courat as follows: -.Mrs. It. J.
Ivory, housekeeper and farmer, Lodi ; liabili
ties ?G235. no assets; the Bank of Lodi is the
chief creditor in the sum of $3137. C. J.
Q'Keefe, teamster, Loomis; liabilities $039, no
assets. ; ' • - ¦
ALLEGES ADLER "WAS CARELESS. —
James McKee . Lane and his wife. Elsie Hall
Lane,- are suing N. ,M. : Adler.who occupies the
building . at : 20 Stockton - street, : for $5082 50
damages for personal injuries received by Mrs.
Lane, she alleges." through the carelessness of
the defendants in opening a trap door on ths
sidewalk In front of the building.
¦Four mills, Kendall's, Burnham, Stande
ford & Co., Mann & Mole and; Kelley<&
Bridgman, who ' do work in San Francis
cp, have agreed to maintain the eight-:
hour schedule, in order nof to Involve the
San Francisco men.' ; There" are seventeen
mills in* Alameda County on the member
ship rolls of the Mill Owners' Association."
They have formulated their plans andlex
pect to " confine any difficulty that . may
arise to 'Alameda County.
This means abandonment of the eight
hour day, over which there was a' pro
longed strike last year. 1 The mill owners
have taken tne stand independently, of
the lumber dealers and the; contractors.
They claim that the unions: in the BuHd
ing Trades' Council have failed to adhere
to the terms of the agreement on which
the strike was settled, namely, ,'. that the
product of all mills not accepting the
eight-hour schedule should be tabooed.
In submitting their ultimatum to • the
Trades' Council the mill owners -have be
hind them the support of Carpenters'
Union No. ?6 of this city, which a week
ago withdrew from the ¦ council, announc
ing that it would stand by the mill own
ers. : **f^V ts *?S^' i 5P3S?*Sffi8ffi6WI^SfM*
The Alameda County Planing Mill Own
ers' Association has served 'notice on the
Building Trades' "Council that the nine
hour schedule will be resumed April run
less the. council shall take • immediate
steps to protect the mill owners against
mills that are now on the "unfair" list.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, March 19.
vvA.*. competitive ! Initiatory drill was held
in the evening, when General George A.
Custer Council No." 22 of Oakland," < Unity
Council' No.' 39 of- San Jose and Abraham
Lincoln. Council . No. 2 of * San . Francisco
contested for a silver loving cup. Unity
Council carried away, the trophy.
There were forty, delegates present, rep
resenting, the subordinate councils in San
'Francisco, Oakland,' Los, Angeles, San
Jose/- Alameda, Berkeley, Stockton and
Redlands. .* . . r
J. | L. Starr of Los Angeles; State Counselor;
Ely Wright of San Jose,. vice State Counselor;
Herman Paine of Oakland, State secretary; R.-
A. A.r Summer of I Sam' Francisco, | State | treaa-"
urer; Dr." George H. Derrick, Junior past Stat«
counselor. V.:. .-. nfflnn
The ninth annual State Council of the
Junior Order. United American Mechanics
was held . yesterday/ in. Woodmen's Hall.
The' afternoon session, was taken up with
the transaction of business, receiving re
ports of the officers and" electing new
State officers. No; opposition to the regu
lar ticket developed," and the following
named were unanimously chosen: \
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
: .. 1118 Broadway, March' 19." .
Mill Owners Give Notice
to Building Trades
Connril
vXJUL 111/11.
Stephen T. Gage, the well-known rail
road man and politician, celebrated the
fiftieth anniversary of his arrival in" Cali
fornia at his home, 1300 Harrison street,
Oakland, last Monday. A brother and
sister, who reside in Astabula, Ohio,
were present to enjoy the festivities. P.
Evarts of 1001 Pine street, who is the
only other survivor of the party with
which Mr. Gage came, waa also one of
the guests. The reading of selections
from the diary kept by Mr. Gage while
on the trip across the plains was much
enjoyed by those present.
Celebrates Anniversary.
Order Elect New
.Officers.
Delegates .of American
LONDON, March 20.— Cabling from Pe
king the correspondent of the Times says
that since the presentation of the Amer
ican note and the Anglo-Japanese pro
test Russia's negotiations with the Russo-
Chlnesc Bank have been suspended, but
negotiations for the evacuation- of Man
churia continue under modified Russian
demands, which point to an ultimate set
tlement. Theie include, continues the cor
respondent, the withdrawal of . Russia
from' between the great walls and the
Liao River within six months, 1 roitt the
province of Mukden within' a year,- and if
the state -of the country permits, from
Kirin and Heilung-Chiang within eight
een months after the signing of the con
vention.
STILL AFTER BTJSSIA.
Under the auspices of the Willing Work
ers of the Bush-street Synagogue a Juve
nile plain and fancy dress carnival and
vaudeville entertainment by child artists
will be held in Golden Gate Hall on Pu
rlin Sunday, March 23, from 1:30 to 5 p. m.
Will Give Vaudeville Show.
The members of the military order of
the -Loyal Legion of the United States
gave a farewell * banquet last evening to
General 8. M. B. Young at, tho Occidental
Hotel. The dining-room was beautifully
decorated lor the. occasion with American
flags. During the repast the Twelfth In
fantry band rendered a number of musi
cal selections. Among the Invited guests
were General Bhafter and Dr. Seward
Webb of New York. Previous to the ban
quet the members of the order nominated
the officers for the annual election, which
takes place next week.
Banquet to General" Young.
VIENNA, March 19.— The Neue Wiener
Abendblatt says in Its issue of to-day that
serious troubles are anticipated in Mace
donia and Albania, and there seems to bo
no doubt that the. agitation Is the work
of Boris Saraf off, the former president of
the Macedonian committee, who is using
Miss Stone's ransom in his efforts.
Sarafoff's hands, says the Abendblatt,
are carrying on murder and incendiarism
and are blackmailing the Bulgarian agri
cultural population of Macedonia.
RANSOM FOR MISS STONE
\ HELPS THE AGITATORS
¦was asphyxiated a few days ago, was,
filed for probate yesterday. She left an
estate \'alued at "more than $10,000" to
relatives. The will was executed in
August. 190L Morris F. Levy and Adolph
Maries are named as executors.
Mrs. Levy's Will Is Filed.
The will of the late Mrs. Eva Levy, who
At the quarterly meeting of the Young
Men's Hebrew Association, held last
Tuesday, the reports of the several or
ficers were read. From these It appears
that the organization, which was insti
tuted on November 9, 1901, now has a
membership of 250, and an indebtedness
of nearly $1000 incurred in fitting up a
gymnasium for the members has been re
duced to about 5400. The association has
for its officers: G. Goldberg, president:
H. M. LIchtenstein, vice president; H. B.
Harris, treasurer; S. Simons. Louis Bern
stein, B. Schapiro, M. Moses and J. P.
Nieto, directors. The ladles' auxiliary of
the association, organized January 1, 1901.
has a membership of 175 and is proving
a valuable adjunct to the parent organi
zation.
Young Men's Hebrew Association.
BAKER CITT. Or., March 19. — Articles or
Incorporation of the- Baker City and Snaka
River Railroad were filed with the County
Clerk to-day.
Proctor's Exclusion Bill.
WASHINGTON, March 19.— Senator
Proctor to-day introduced a bill continu
ing In force the present law for the exclu
sion of the Chinese until the expiration
of the existing treaty with China or un
til a new treaty shall be negotiated.
The hearing of Judge Harris, Indicted
for assault with' a deadly weapon upon
George M. Gleason, came up this morn
ing. Judg6 Harrington made an order in
which ho declared himself to be disquali
fied to sit in the case.
A banquet was given last night to the
eight men first released, and many con
gratulatory speeches were made.
When Sheriff Street turned the keys in
the jail doors a large crowd waa present
and showed no hesitancy in displaying
its exultation. This ends the Lookout af
fair, and the people of Modoc are pleased
to witness the finale. All of the men have
left for their homes.
ALTURAS, March 19.— In the Superior
Cour^this mornig Judge Harrington made
an order - dismissing the Indictments
against the remaining eleven men charged
with the Lookout lynching. The reason
for the court's course was that no action
had been taken within sixty days after
the indictments were filed.
Closing Chapter in^Modoc County
. Lynching Affair Pleases the .
Populace.
LAST OF THE ALTXTRAS
PRISONERS RELEASED
The purpose of the charter framers in pro
viding that consideration in the matter of pro
motions shall be given to seniority of service/
was, no doubt, to giv« to those men who pre
sumably had most experience an advantage.
o\ p er those less experienced. But thia expe
rience must be as a regular policeman to be
availing ; it mufft be such experience as a man
subjected to the discipline of the regular de
partment, and who had performed duties there
in, could only acquire.
City Attorney Lane filed an opinion with
the Civil Service Commission yesterday,
after considering the language of the
charter and the history of the park po
lice, that service in the park police should
not be given consideration in rating for
seniority of service for promotion In the
Police Department. The commission de
fired to know whether in awarding credit
for "seniority of service" In examinations
for promotion in the Police Department
consideration should be given to service
in the park police prior to January 8,
U<00, when, under the charter, the park
police became part of the regular Police
Department. The opinion contends:
PAHK POLICEMEN ARE
BARRED FROM PROMOTION
The District Council of Carpenters In
reply claims that two years ago the
Builders' Protective Association was op
posed to the demand of the carpenters for
an Increase in wages, and also opposed
a similar demand on the part of the mill
men when the eight-hour work day was
sought. It Is also claimed that the Build
ers* Protective Association was antagonis
tic to the position taken -by the Building
Trades Council during the labor troubles
of last summer.
Some days ago the Builders' Protective
Association took issue with the Building
Trades Council and the District Council
of Carpenters in reference to the contro
versy between the latter organizations
and Carpenters' Union No. 483. A series
of resolutions were adopted, giving the
views of the Builders' Protective Associ
ation.
Claims Builders' Protective Associa
tion Has Been Opposed to In- -
crease of Wages.
DISTBJCT COUNCrL OF -
CARPENTERS MAKES REPLY
EIGHT-HOUR DAY
TO BE ABOLISHED
"Nathan Hale," with Howard Kyle In
the name role, is doing good business at
the California Theater. Mr. Kyle is well
supported, the play, though light, pleasfes,
and Mr. Kyle Is a sincere and earnest ex-
This afternoon Blanche Walsh will give
a matinee performance of "Janice Mere
dith" at the Columbia Theater, in which
Mary Mannerlng won so much favor a
short while ago. Miss Walsh repeats the
performanco on Sunday night, and the
rest, of the time "La Madeleine" goes.
Next week come Edward Morgan and El
sie Leslie in "The Christian," In which
Mr. Morgan probably does his best work.
A GOOD many people, disappointed
in hearing "L'AmicCr Fritz" on
its one j and only performance
' here, under the now famous man
agement of the iceman im
presario, Del Carlo, can remedy the de
ficiency.' "L'Amico Fritz" will be pre
se'nted again in spite of the vanishing ice
mam The victims of Del Carlo's wonthy
but overweening ambition will give an
other performance of the opera to at
| tempt to recoup themselves for the finan
i clal loss consequent upon the mismanage
i ment of the frosty impresario. The
; performance will be given on Monday
evening next at Sherman .& Clay Hall,
this time under the management of the
Chevalier Pietro Buzzi, who also assumes
the leading role. There are good people
in the cast, the opera — a strong Mascagni
effort— has never before been given. here,
Ind the occasion is altogether one of
€nuch interest, quite outside of the nat
ural sympathy that must be felt for the
unfortunate participants, many of whom
have suffered severely through the failure
of the defaulting Iceman. Aug. H. Rodo
mann and V. Ursomando have the musi
cal-direction of the affair, and following,
Is the cast:
Euzel, prima donna soprano Maria Welch
Fritz Kobus. tenor .Cav. Pietro Buzzl
Beppe lo Zlngaro, prima donna mezzo
/ soprano .Josephine Nilo
.' David Rabin Signor Glulio Cortesl
Hanezo. friend of Fritz. . . Galllanl Napoleone
Federico, friend of Fritz Battlsta Barondl
Katerlna, Fritz's housekeeper. .Maria Gallianl
MECHANICS MEET
FOB NINTH TIME
Norris & Rowe's trained animal shews
at the^Mechanics'' Pavilion continue to de
light large audiences. , Besides the trained
ponies, dogs, goats and monkeys i that
have delighted the juvenile heart in years
past, there are the only performing Sibe
rian camels before the public, the funny
little educated elephants and a wonderful
school of seal and sea-lion actors.' After
the performance all little children are in
vited to ride upon the diminutive -ponies
and elephants. .
Fanny Rice, assisted by Alic© Beach
McComas, and CInquevalli, prince of jug
glers, share honors in the Orpheum's pro
gramme of the week. Kathleen Parlow,
the clever child violinist, is ano'ther fea
ture of strong interest. Next week comes
Papinta, In her wonderful picture dances.
"Th© Serenade" Is in for a' big run at
the Tivoll and large houses greet it night
ly. It is kept up-to-date in jest and song
and. is among the best that the Tivoll has
offered, and this, its fourth week, shows
no diminution of its popularity. : "Tho
Fortune Teller" is in active preparation.
By no means least in the Interest of the
week Is the pugilistic drama at the 'Cen
tral Theater, where Jimmy Britt is the
central sun of that thriller, "The Bowery
After Dark." He appears In every act,
and In the last has a three-round contest
with Charley Reno. ¦ •¦
"Little Christopher," a bright burlesque,
is Fischer's offering this "week. Pilar Mo
rin, Lillian. Coleman and Harry Hermsen
are a competent trio, who make the most
of the opportunities if affords, to the
manifest enjoyment of the audience. -
"On, and Off," a very clever farce of
Alexandre . Blsson, is the Alcazar bill of
the week. It Is well done and doing well
and should be seen. by any one desirous
of an evening's lively amusement.
"Brother John" will take the stage next
week. ¦ ' ¦ • ¦* ' . . '. ¦ '. . .
The Grand Opera-house i has an excel
lent drawing attraction in "Cleopatra,"
with Melbourne MacDowell and Florence
Stone in the leading parts. Mr. MacDowell
is one of the most * popular • of Grand
Opera-house stars and Is cleverly • sup
ported by Miss Stone; "La Tosca" will -be
exploited next week.
ponent of the role of the patriot hero.
"The Denver Express" comes on Sunday
evening next.
TENOR WHO STEPS INTO PLACE
ABANDONED BY . DEL CARLO,
THE ICEMAN IMPRESARIO. ! "
It has lately become known that Gen
eral Kautz left carefully written memoirs
covering the period of his army life,
especially that time when he fought the
Indians of the Southwest "with General
Miles. Following his death it was sup
posed they would be published under the
direction of Mark Breit, publisher of the
Cincinnati Volksblatt, who is Mrs.
Kautz's brother. The memoirs are said
to contain criticisms of General Miles'
Indian fighting methods, and for this rea
son they will not be published for the
present. < . -
Widow, i
"TACOMA, March 19.— Mrs. Kautzi
widow of the. late General Augustus
V. Kautz, U. S. A., has returned from
Arizona, where she has just sold the
Gopher gold and silver^mine, one of the
richest in that Territory, to the McCook
Extension Mining Company of Prescott.
This mine was acquired twenty-nine years
ago by General Kautz, when he com
manded the Department of Arizona and
New Mexico. For. two years Mrs. Kautz
has personally superintended the develop
ment of th© mine. . . • ~
Eecause 2 of This Their Publication
Has Been Withheld by the
GENEBAL KATJTZ'S MEMOIBS
CRITICIZE GENERAL MILES
- Although the three sisters were married
within a few moments of one another,
only two were married at exactly tho
same time. This was because Miss Anna
and Mr. Roach were married according to
the ceremony sanctioned by the Catholic
church. Rev. J. Schneider of the German
Methodist Church united the other
couples. ¦
"I only hope," said the mother, as she
bade good-by to her three daughters,
"that I do not lose my other daughters all
at once.'" WStSSSO^MS
The wedding, which occurred at noon
to-day, was a happy family affair, in spits
of the tears which the mother could not
restrain. '
LOS ANGELES, March 19.— Twice . did
Mrs. J. Riedrich at tho last moment post
pone the marriage ceremony which woull
take from her her three daughters. The
date for the triple ceremony was net last
spring for June, but the mother begged
that the event be postponed and her
daughters yielded. The three young men
interested and the three young maldena
then decided upon January, and prepara
tions began, but a short time before thu
date set Mrs. Riedrich decided that sho
could, not give up her daughters, and
there was another postponement.
The young people then after much dis
cussion—for there were the wishes of six
to be consulted— agreed upon to-day. Tho
following license* wers- issued yesterday:
Albert H. Crooks. 22. and Lizzie T. Ried
rich, 20; Harry P. Augustin, 26 and Laura
Riedrich. 18: Joseph E.' Roach, 22, and An
nie G. Riedrich, 22.
Daughters of Mrs. J. Biedrich of Los
Angeles Principals in a Triple
Wedding.
THREE SISTEBS BECOME
><f BBTDES ON SAME DAY
The affair was under the direction of
Mrs. Bessie D. Munroe, N. G.; Mrs. Lottie
R. Carson, V. G.; Mrs. E. M. Coffln. Mrs.
Julia. Drees, Mrs. H. W. Osthoff, H. \V.
Osthoff, E.N. Cameron. Fred Parker, F.
D. Macbeth, E. M. Coffln, A. Minaker and
J. Ball.
Baby Kiefe, marvelous juvenile "whlsHer;
Mrs. H. W. Osthoff, "Ain't Dat a Shame";
W. H. Brown, "Asleep In the Deep" ; Ed Cam
eron, "Old Uncle Rufe"; Reyna Belasco, ¦ buck
and wing dancing; Manhattan Quartet, selec
tions; Fern and Brodie, ragtime specialties;
Miss Vlra Field. "I Hates to G«t Up Early in
the Morn"; C. L. Glrard. "Little Boy In
Blue"; Norris Parent, specialties.'
The old-time minstrel show given in Odd
Fellows' Hall last night by members' of
Rebekah Templar Ledge was well attend
ed and for an am'ateur performance was
far above the average. There were sev
eral specialties that were so well rendered
that those who gave them were forced to
reappear several times. The chorus was
composed of twenty young ladies, dressed
In white. Among the most clever of the
performers was Mrs. W. H. Osthoff, who
in the first part handled ths bones and
later took a part in a farce entitled "Thir
ty Minutes for Refreshments." The others
who were in the cast were John Baker,
Miss Bertha' Baker, Fred Parker, Mrs.
Winnie Dowle, H. W. Osthoff and Ed
ward Cameron. The following was the
other portion of the programme:
Presented by Clever Amateurs
in Odd Fellows' Hall.
An Unusually Good Entertainment
KEBEKAHS APPEAR
IN MINSTEEL SHOW
•:GeorKe C.- Patterson (owner) /.with J. V.
Campbell', (contractor), architect none — All
work except mantels, . gas fixtures and shades
for a .three-story frame building ; on - W line of
Shotwell street. 1C0 N ' of Eighteenth, N 25
by W 122:6; $4700. -. •¦:-•:¦
Lizzie ' Fox -. (owner) with ' S. M. : Clemens
(contractor)," architect Thomas" Dean- Newaom
—All . work for ¦ a' two-story • brick . bu i Ming ' (2
¦flats? '' en -B- line : of Powell street, 32 N of
Washington.. N 25:6, E 49:2, N 2:6, E 2:10,
S'28.- W 02; $4054.: . ......'
Mrs. F. Q; Thomas, 1 signed Frank Q. Thomas
(owner) . with G. G. Glllespie (contractor), ar
chitect. F. Q. .Thomas — All work for frame
cottage with rough basement and finished attic
on, N line . of ¦ Nineteenth street, 258 . from' E
line of Noe, E 22 by 114; $2000.
The Enterprise Brewing Company (owners)
with Mager Brothers (contractors), architects
H. Geilfuss & i Son— Carpenter work, roofing,
glazing and hardware for a two-story . frame
building:, concrete foundation, .' on NE corner of-
Folsom and Seventeenth streets, distant 170
N along E\ line of Folsom, N 125 by E 120;
$1800. • \ ¦ . ¦• ¦
Louis Schultz (owner) with The Fink &
Schindler Co. (contractors), architects' H.
Gelltuss & Son — Hardwood finish, carpenter
work, .inlaid floors, mantels and varnishing for
remodeling of a two-story. . and attic frame
buildlnjt af242C Filbert street ,(N- line- of Fil
bert street. ' between Pierce and Scott); $2604. .
Same owners with same contractors. '. archi
tect same-^-Palntlng, Interior wood finishing
and tinting lor/ a .four-story and basement
frame building on NE.' corner Of Bush and
Powell streets, N C8:6 by E 07:0; $2300. .
Watson & Watson, Inc. (owners) with Cook
& Young (contractors), architect Albert Sut
ton — All ; alterations and addition. 1 ! - except
painting, plumbing, sewering, gas fitting and
gas fixtures for; a three-story and ' basement
frame buildlnR on N line of. Bush street, <J7:6
E of Powell. E 70 by N 137:0; $37,700.
Builders' Contracts.
Margaret Healey (widow) • to Rudolph Hu
her.-lot on SW line of California avenue, 145
SE «of Preclta, SE 32:6, SW 132. NW 27:0,
NE 50, NW 2:6.' Preclta Valley lot 101; $10. I j
¦James Moore to Harriet H. Moise. (wife of
lL. H.), lot 18,t block W, Park Lane Tract No.
b; $10. ' ¦ •
Adelaide Scranton (Stark) and S. Bell Scran
ton to 'Washington Meeks. • ldt on W line of
Oxford street. 200 8 of Olmstead, W 120 by
S 100, lot 3. block 108, University Mound; also
lot on - W line of Amherst street, 100 N of
Mansell, W l?0 by N 100, lot 3. block 111.
same; -also lot on W line of Bowdoitv street,
100 S of Olmstead. W120 by S 100, lot 2,
• block 116, aama; $10. • : /
WEDNESDAY, March. 10.
' Savings and Loan Society to Adolph G. and
Katy E. Trefz, lot on SW corner or Paclno
and Larkin streets, S 27:8% by W 112; *4SSO.
. American Bank "and Trust Company to
Western 'Paclflo Land Company (corporation),
lot on 9 line of Vallejo street, 16* E of Polk,
W 08, 8 87:6. E 38:10%. NE 89:d%; 110.
S.' and H. Lachman- Estate, (corporation) to
Andrew Hunker, lot on S-E. corner of- Pacific
and Van. Nesa avenues, S 27 :8 by E 100 (qult
° "George 6 and Mary A. Eggleton to Henry E.
Bothln, lof on N line of Chestnut street, 45
W of Van Ness avenue,! W «:« by N 192:0;
Solomon and Elizabeth Michael to Charles
E. Parks, lot on W line of Franklin street,
67:0 S of O-Farrell. S 27:6 by W 87:6; »10.
•Florence M. ..Keaneto Mary J. Keane, lot
on NE corner of Page and Buchanan streets,
E 65 by N 120; gift. . , '¦,¦.'¦'
City and County of San Francisco to Hulda
Silver, lot on S line .of 'Fell street, 107:6 E
of Buchanan, E 27:6 by S 120; $ . • -
Same to Anna Kelly, lot on NE corner of
Ellis and Scott streets. E 03 by N 137:95 * -.
Grace E. Janes to William W. and Georgie i
R. Haslehurst. lot on N line of Haight street, '
102:6 W of Broderlck, W 27:6 by N 137:6; $10.
• Thomas J. and Louise M. Sullivan to Charles
E.' Morey, lot on W line of Broderick. street,
27:6 S of Eddy, S 27:6 by W 10O; $10.
[ I Hcrmlnla or Minnie Van Buren (Wheeler),
«wlfe of Joseph S., to S. '-W. Nlcoll, lot on N
line of Waller street, 112:6 W of Central ave
nue, N 137:6 by W 25; gift. .
S W. Nlcoll to Joseph S. Van Buren, lot
on N line of Waller street, 112:6 W of Cen
tral avenue, N 137:6 by W 25; gift.
• Catherine M. Atkinson (single) to Esther J.
White (single), lot on NE corner of Washing
ton and Locust streets. E 60 by N 127:814:
|10. ¦ • '.¦¦¦¦•
Edward K. Chapman to James Yl. Mullen,
lot on NE corner of Sacramento and Cherry j
streets, E 37:6 by N 100; $10. • •
John J. McCormack to Sophia A. McCor
rnack, lot on W line of Shotwell street. 97 S
of Twentieth, S 30 by W 122:6; gift.
Hibernia Savings and Loan Society to Alex
ander F. E. Emmrich, lot on S line of Liberty
street, 60 W of Noe, W 25 by S 100; $650. •
Jonathan • and . Anna M. . Anderson to ' same,
same; $10. ..
Charles P. Ware to Charles C. Hamon, lot
on E line of Mission street, 75:8 S of Twenty
sixth, S 25 by E 78; *10.-
Mark and Agnes M. Sheldon to George and
Minnie Meier, lot on S line of Day street, 280
W of Sanchez, ; W 25 by S 114; $10.
. A. H. Llssak Jr. 'to Jurgen F. Raabe, lot
cm E line* of Collingwood (Sherman) street, 25
N ' of Nineteenth, N 25 . by E 125 (quitclaim
deed): .$5. . v. ¦ .
Same to John Bahrs. lot ' on E line ot Col-:
lingwood (Sherman) street, BO N of Nineteenth,
N 25 by E 125 (quitclaim deed); $5.
John Bahrs to Jurgen F. Raabe, same (quit
claim deed); $5.
Mattie P. Houston to Harriet H. Molse,
lot on S line of Seventeenth street, 37:6 W of
Diamond, W 25'by S.75; $10. -.
Estate of Phillip J. and John Martin, minors
(by Annie Martin, guardian) to J. B. Adams,
undivided 1-54 of lot on SE corner of Kearny
and Bush streets, S 23:0 by E 68:9; $925.' .
Francis M. Hughes to Emily B. and. Francis
T. Hughes, lot on N line of Bush street, 68:9
from Mason, 22:11 by 100, No. 806 Bush (N
line of Bush street, 68:9 W of Mason, W 22:11
by N 100); Brant. •
Mary Savory to' ¦Amelia J. and John R.
Savory lot on- S line of Vallejo street, 76:9
E-of Hyde, E 16:9 by S 4S; gift.
Mary. Amelia J. and John K. Savory to
Henry L. Chapln, same (warranty deed); $10.
Alice H., Emma W. and Alexander H.
Rutherford to John O. Tltlow, lot on S line
of Bush street, 77:6 W of Leavenworth, i W
30 by S 137:6; $11,000.
Janet T. Malczecosky to BS-cque- Glrona, lot
on S line of Pac'flc street, 163:2',4 W of Hyde,
W 20 by S 73; *10.
Mary Kenealy to Elizabeth Hill (widow),
lot on S line of K street, 32:6 E of Twelfth
avenue, E 25 by S 100; $10. •.
American Bank and Trust Company to West
ern Pacific Land Company '(corporation), lot
on NE corner of ¦ Pope and Brunswick streets,
N 25 by E 120, lot 18. block 5. Syndicate First
Addition to San Francisco; $10. / ¦¦ ¦
Same to same,\lots 12 to 35. block 331. Case
Tract; also lota 12 to 14, block 331, O'N. and
H. Tract; $10.
A. S. and Emma C. Baldwin to Michael J.
Allen, lot 2, block 4, subdivision 1, Castro
street Addition; $10.
PEAL ESIATE TRANSACTIONS.
But before any of the litigation had
reached the trial stage Mrs. Cogswell
flied. Her estate and the numerous relaj.
tlves whom she remembered were In
volved in the original contests, because
there was still to come to' her a consid
erable portion of her husband's fortune.
It was in part to prevent interminable
tangles In the two estates that the move
¦was inaugurated toward an amicable set
tlement out of court of the contestants*
demands.
"With the conditions as they are torday
1 can only say that matters are quite sat
isfactory," said Attorney George W.
Reed. "I am not at liberty to give any
of the details at present. Those are mat
ters which do not concern any one but
the interested parties. In fact. I would
refuse to say anything at all were I not
aware that it is known by outsiders that
the settlement of the contests is in hand."'
On top of fhese contests came a number
of Euits against the estate. Among these
was cne filed by John Samml, who de
manded $4000 as salary for. services as pri
vate secretary to the doctor.
Shortly before Mrs. Cogswell's | death
one-half of her husband's estate was dis
tributed to her. To that she had' legal
right as wife, no matter what the out
come of the contests.'. That left about
$250,000 of the' husband's estate to be the
object of attack.
Peace Overtures Are Being Made
Following them came Mrs. Emily May
Eatnmi, another niece, who attacked the
codicil, by which a bequest of $15,000
worth of Oceanic Steamship Company's
stock made to her was revoked. Then the
Rev. E. O. Jamison of Boston, Mass., who
was a devisee for $2000 in the will, insti
tuted a contest because the request had
been revoked by the codidL .
The first to attack the will were Mrs.
Marion Stevens of San Francisco and her
brother. Don Alvera Skellinger. an Inmate
of the Soldiers' Home at Yountville. They
were niece and nephew of the old doctor
but were not mentioned in the will., These
contestants charged undue influence and
the mental incapacity of their uncle in
their contest.
Dr. Cogswell made' a flat bequest of
J100.000 to his wife and all of the re
mainder of. his fortune, after $29,000 in
specific bequests had been paid to various
nieces, nephews and other relatives.
But he brought a number of contests
down upon the will because he omitted to
remember some relatives*, and in a codicil
revoked several bequests that were made
in the will when originally executed.
More than usual interest attaches to the
prospect of settlement of the contests be
cause of the-tnany extraordinary circum-
Etances which have surrounded the lives
of the celebrated couple, as well as the
developments since their deaths, the
widow surviving her spouse only, a short
time. t
Several Relatives File Contests.
The executor of the will, William G.
Henshaw. president of the Union Savings
Bank of Oakland, and his attorney.
George W. Reed, refuse to furnish the de
tails of the negotiations for settlement.
They are satisfied -with the progress- of
affairs, however, and are hopeful that the
mass of litigation in which the estates of
the deceased dentist and his wife are in
volved will speedily be disposed of by dis
missals in court.
Four contests of~ the - will of the late
Henry D. Cogswell of San Francisco, iwiw
left an estate valued at $500,000, are in
process of settlement. A number of the
suits against the golden hoard left by the
eged dentist are also likely to be settled.
Negotiations which have been in progress
for some time looking toward the adjust
ment of the various contests and other
litigation have reached a stage that is sat
isfactory. The early dismissal of the sev
eral contests is expected by the attorneys
both for the estate and the contestants.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111S Broadway, March 13.
,, LOS ANGELES, March 19.— As her own
• attorney i Emma S. Richards is to appear
in ; a^breach of 'promise suit in the Sup£
•riof: Court, : the details S of ' which, she al
leges, "will jnake good .people" shudder."
;••> Miss Richards began suit to-day against
J.-J.SWMlngham i and Mrs. M. ( Tighe for
$20,000. : She alleges that- in April, 1900, she
was engaged to marry - Willingham, the
wedding being set for the -following Sep
tember, and tnat, relying on the contract,
she went to San Francisco and furnished
a house for housekeeping at an expense
of $500. Then Willingham failed to ap
pear on , the wedding day, and for this,
the complaint recites, Mrs. Tighe was re
sponsible.; Miss Richards says sjhe was in
business as l a dressmaker when he be
came engaged to Willingham, and that
her profits were $8 to $10 a day; there
fore', she estimates her pecuniary loss: at
$5000 and. the remainder of the $2C,000 she
wants because, being "very much In love
and infatuated with said defendant," her
feelings have been injured, : her health
greatly impaired and she is now almost a
nervous wreck. ¦ '¦¦'.¦'¦
Special Dispatch to The CalL ' x
The indications here to-night point
strongly to a strike declaration, as the
operators' letters • seem to have caused
much bitter feeling among the men.
PHILADELPHIA, March 19.— It was
learned to-night from a - trustworthy
source that in refusing to enter a Joint
conference with representatives of the
United Mine Workers, the officials of the
great coal-carrying railroads and coal
companies were careful • to word their
declination in such a way that it waa not
a direct refusal to meet the miners' rep
resentatives because they were such. '
The companies generally answered the
request of the miners by letter, saying it
was impracticable to arrange a wage scale
that would be uniform because of the dif
ferent conditions of mining in the different
fields, and on the ground that nothing
could come of a conference they declined
to .meet the miners as proposed. •
"it is needless to say the delegates ex
pressed keen disappointment, and the op
position to continuing work under the
present low wages and unfair conditions
was unanimous and" emphatic." '
President Mitchell addressed the con
vention, and he states that he. advised
caution and prudence in arriving at any
decision as to further action.
"What the final outcome will be is at
this time purely problematical." was the
concluding sentence of the press commit
tee's statement,.
"The letters, while couched in different
language, are all of the same purport— a
positive refusal to confer with the repre
sentatives of their employes upon the
wages to be paid and the conditions of
employment which should obtain.
"The committee selected by the" Hazle
ton convention last August to go to New
York and see the highest authorities of
the coal companies and arrange for a joint
conference reported the refusal of E. B.
Thomas, chairman of the directors of the
Erie Kailway. . to receive the committee.
The same committee selected by the In
dianapolis convention to invite the oper
ators to cdnfer on 'the question of a wage
scale for the year beginning April 1, 1WJ,
reported the result of interviews with the
railroad president and presented letters
from railroad companies in reply to the
invitations. ¦
SHAMOKIN, Pa., March 19.— During the
executive session . the American Mine
Workers'; convention, appointed the com
mittee on scale and on resolutions, and
heard the report of the special committee
appointed to seek a* conference with the
operators. After , the adjournment this
afternoon President Mitchell, speaking for
the press. committee, made this statement:
A rumor was current to-day that a
number of cases of cartridges were on
the pier at the time of the nre and that
they were destined for the uae of the
Boers in South Africa. According to the
report the cartridges were to have been
shipped to Antwerp and from there to
their destination. A member of the Ho
boken Fire Department said to-day that
he saw the boxes of cartridges on the
pier and that he heard a number of ex
plcslons. Several officials of the *Pkoi-nix
line to-day denied having any knowledge
of cartridges or any explosives belns on
the dock. The British Consul General
said to-day that he had no information
that any such munitions for the Boers
were on the ship.
Besides Hussey four longshoremen were
taken to St. Mary's Hospital and are now
under treatment there.- All were more
or less burned. Some of the longshore
men, who saved themselves by -rimming
ashore say- they saw twenty or thirty
men leap into the river. Although some
of those who jumped into the water were'
picked up by tugs, it is feared that a
lrumber sank before they could be
reached by the rescuers.
Many of the longshoremen are single
men and have no relatives who could re
port them if missing. . Tho police Bay that
no one except Engineer Scott had teen
reported to them as missing. The Brit
ish Queen has been beached off Commu
nlpaw. In the Upper Bay. Those seriously
hurt in the fire are John Jensen, who
jumped from the burning pier and struck
his head against a beam, and Peter Car
ioll, who was badly burned.
It was learned to-day that Fireman
Thomas Cobney of the flreboat David A.
Boody fell off the boat last night and was
drowned. Patrick Hussey, a longshore
man, who was burned while trying tc es
cape from the pier, died to-day from, the
eftects of his injuries. • .::
Chief Engineer Scott of the steamer
British Queen, who was supposed to liave
Derished in the lire, walked into a Ho
jboken hotel to-day. He was badly
burned about the face ana said he had
had a dreadful experience. Dr. Heifer,
the Health Officer of Hoboken, says that
.•ill the men of the British Queen have
been accounted for.
NEW YORK, March 19.— No estimate
could be made to-day of the loss of life
In the fire that started last night on the
Phoenix line pier in Hoboken, and It was
thought tne number of dead never would
be known. ">V ; '¦«'¦.'.¦
Ihe story published in an afternoon
paper regarding an assault on Ho Yow,
the Chinese' Consul General, at the Jack
son-street theater Tuesday . night is en
tirely without foundation. The Consul
was not present at the theater either Sat
urday night or Tuesday night, when the
disturbances were alleged to have taken
place, and is not In the slightest danger
irom attacks or insult from highbinders
at any time. ¦ ¦
Notwithstanding the assurances given
by the representatives of the Six Compa
nies to the police that the threatened
highbinder outbreak in Chinatown had
been declared off, the indications are that
trouble is likely to break out at any time.
Two Chinamen were found in a doorway
on Dupont street, between Clay and
Washington, at • an early hour yes
terday morning by Policeman Steve Bun
ner. On the policeman's approach the
skulkers took to their heeis, ¦ but were
overhauled, and when searched a larga
Colt's revolver was found on one of them.
He gave the name of Get Too at the City
Prison, where he was charged with car
rying concealed weapons..
At the time of the arrest a large num
ber of the \\ ong family was gathered at
a banquet in a Chinese restaurant only a
few doors from where the highbinders
were hiding. A street lamp had been ex
tinguished eo that its ligh; might not bt
tray the assassins' presence, it was evi
denUy the intention to attack some mem
ber of the Wong family as the banqueters
emerged from the restaurant, .and only
the timely arrival and keen eyes of Po
liceman Bunner prevented a tragedy. As
soon as the highbinders were discovered
word was. taken to the restaurant for
those inside not to venture out, and the
feast. was concluded only when daylight
came. .
President Mitchell Advises
Convention to Act ;
Prudently.
Cartridges for the Boers Said
to Have Been De- --\
" stroyed.
Banqueters Menaced by Paid
Killers, Whose Arrest
Stays Tragedy./
Will Conduct Her Own Case
Against J. J. Willingham ;
;/ and Mrs. Tighe.
Disappointed Relatives and
Attorneys Are Consider
ing Terms.
Two. Skulkers- Captured
• While Watching for
Victims.
Action of Pennsylvania
Operators May Cause!
Strike.
Emma S. Richards Files
Suit for Breach ;of \
Promise.
Hoboken Officials Can
not Number Vic
tims of Fire.
Adjustment of Litiga
tion Over Cogswell
Estate Expected. ¦
LOCAL ITALIAN SINGERS
TO GIVE "L'AMICO FRITZ"
Company of \ San Francisco •Vocalists 1 Organized I y Vanish
ing. Iceman Will Sing the 'Msscagni Opera Again on Its
Own Responsibility — Plays Now On at the Theaters
DOUBT VEILS
DEATH'S LIST
CLINK OF COIN
IN LOVE DRAMA
HIGH BINDERS
OUT FOR WAR
LETTERS STIR
MINERS' WRATH
WILL CONTESTS
MAY BE DROPPED
THE SAN KR^NXJISCO ; CALL, THURSDAY^ c'M All GH 20; }W02.
9
GRAPE-NUTS.
NEW THEORY ON
Cause of llay Pever.
Hay fever is not eo much a result of
climatic conditions as it Is a showing: of
the "weak spot" In the general condition
of- the body. If a hay fever sufferer can
be fed up to a prime condition of health
by the use of well selected rood the
chances are the hay fever will not pre-
sent itself^
As an illustration, a lady in Cave
Springs, Ga., explains how the change of
food affected her." "This past Bummer I
found myself in a very low. state of
health and much emaciated. I got down
to 95 pounds and was worried, especially
as I had to look forward to my annual
tussle with hay fever in September and
felt it would push me even further down.
One day a friend told me she had been
using Grape-Nuts Breakfast Food and'
that she lelt like a new person with
greatly Increased strength and vigor.' I
grasped at the straw and began the use
of Grape-Nuts. The effect was really
magical. Fa a week I felt toned up and
In a month began in earnest to gain flesh
and strength. By September my weight
had increased to 110 pounds a«d much to
ray amazement I discovered that when
the hay fever sufferers began to complain
I had not one symptom and escaped it al-
together. Inasmuch as I had suffered for
years from this miserable disease' and
had made no change except in my food,'
I naturally concluded that my improved
conditio'n was caused by the daily use of
Grape-Nuts and by observing the usual
tews of health." Name can be given by
Postum Co.. Battle Creek, Mich.
ADVERTISEMENTS. A -
WHERE DOCTORS FAIL
To Cure Woman's Dls,Iydia E.
Pinkham's Tegetable Com-
ponnd Succeeds. Mrs. Pauline
Jndscn Writes :
"Dkab Mes. Pixkhaji ! —Soon after
my marriage two years ago I found
myself in* constant pain. The doctor
said my womb was turned, and this
caused the pain with considerable in-
flammation. He prescribed for me fc#
STES. ; PATJTJ3IE JTJDSON, .
Secretary of SchermerhoTO Golf Club. :
Brooklyn, New York.
four months, when my husband became
impatient because I grew worse instead
of better, and in speaking to the druir-
pist he advised him to get L.ydia E.
Pinkham's Vegetable Compound
arid Sanative Wash. How 1 wish I
had taken that at first ; it would hare
saved me weeks of suffering. . It took
three long months to restore me, but
it is a happy relief, and we are both
most grateful to you. Your Compound
has brought joy to our home' and
health to me." — Mrs. Pactxse Jcdsos,
47 Hoyt Street, Brooklyn, N. ,Y..—
$5000 forfeit If abma testimonial h not genuine.
It would seem 'by 'this state*
ment that women would save
time and much sickness if thdy
would get \Lydia E. Flnkham'a
Vegetable Compound at. once,
and also write to Mrs. Pinkhain
at Lynn; Mass., for special ad-
vice. It is free and always helps*Francisco Bay. " Published by official au
thority of, the Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (.Mission-street wharf), about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height Qf tide is the same at both places.
THURSDAY. MARCH 20.
VESSEL ALMOST _ CARRIED
\ AGAINST MILE ROCK BY
i7 r THE FLOOD TIDE.
Kohler & Chase" exchange . talking machine
records at 10c each. 280 OTarrell «t. . :• •
Daniel Callaghan Dies Suddenly.
Daniel Callaghan, the aged watchman
for the Frank Sullivan estate, was found
dead In bed yesterday In his room at -220
Giant < avenue. ;; He was a native of Ire
land, 82 years old. . Death resulted evi
dently irom. natural causes.
<The schooner J.]G. Wall, 1 which: arrived yes
terday three days from Eureka,' had \ a"| narrow
pecape from destruction : on * Mile \ Rock Awhile
Bailing -in.- The' wind V dropped? suddenly 'and
left the ¦ schooner ,' at s tho , ' mercy k of ; a v strong
flood tide, which :• set 'her 1 : rapidly • toward- the
beach. There was , no sign ; of a - saving breeze
and Captain Johnson ' ordered ; the • a nchor drop
ped. The mudhook failed . to hold, j and as : by
this time the schooner was in unpleasant prox-'
lmity , to Mile > Rock/ the other i anchor; was ' got
out. . The • double drag stopped { the : schooner's
way before she ¦truck the rock. . Th« tug Relief
Close Call on Mile Rock.
The army transport Meade. which recently
abandoned the [voyage to Manila on account ' of
Hirknfps on board, sailed again- yesterday for
thoi Philippines. >. She left the ' dock at - 7 ' a m.'
and went over to Angel; Island,', where she took
on board her original passengers ¦ who • have
been ill quarantine.: The Meade U commahdei
by Captain Dobson and has a new set of offi
cers • and a ; new crew. ¦/. The, Meade's . original
officers and crow will be ; detained severa! • days
longer' in quarantine, as' they, were- on- board
the- vessel • less than -fourteen 'days' ago/i The
Meade left: Angel Island for. sea 'about .noon
Meade Sails' for Manila.'
Chinese' Inspector* Dr. John E. Gardner
transmitted to Customs Collector Strat
ton yesterday a translation of, the In
scription on ten Jade tablets brought to
this- port from Peking, China, eight
months ago by Lieutenant Wise. The
tablets were held 'up at the request of
Chinese Minister -Wu, who: alleges that
they, are part of the archives in the Im
perial palace. at Peking, Lieutenant -Wl«e
having bought them from a soldier. The
matter is engraved in the Manchurian
characters and dialect, together with its
translation "into Chinese.- It is, a- pane
gyric on. the Emperor- Shun Che and vras
written by his grandson. Yan Chlng who
ascended the throne about 1723 A. D., and
who caused the tablets to bo engraved as
a mark of respect to, the memory of his
imperial grandfather. . •' "-
It:is expecte&'that the Secretary of, the
Treasury will . order the return of ; the
tablets to the' Chinese Government,- their
being no doubt whatever . as to their be
ing loot. . '. ebocag ' '
Translation Shows-That They Formed
; 3?art of Imperial' Archives in
. the Palace.
CHINESE JADE TABLETS
TO BE BETUB-IJEB TO PEKING
¦ The Kosmos liner Hermonthis 'arrived * yes
terday, 104 days from Hamburg, fifty-flve days
from Coronel and six days from Sari Bias. . She
brought COO tons of "cargo,, mostly" South Amer
ican products, and three passengers, \V. B.
Gibbons. Mrs. E. Z." Gibbons : and » Mrs. < A*.* F.
Gibbons. The Hermonthfs : encountered ' her
full share of heavy " weather and - on January
13, while off the Straits , of '. Magellan - was In
considerable. danger. Her steam steering gear
carried away. ' The hand : steering apparatus
was called into ¦ requieltion, . but • a big . ' sea
striking the rudder, .strained' the i rudder- hea^l
and made steering of, any kind an impossibility
for several hours. ; : The ; damage t was ¦ repaired
however, and th"« remainder of the voyage wai
without . incident.* Rudder and steering gear
will be thoroughly o+erhauled . before the Her
monthis leaves this; port. " ;,'¦-
Hermonthis From Hambvirg.
- Wednesday, * March 10. /'.
Stmr .'Newbursr.t Peterson; Grays Harbor.' :•
Stmr J Oreironlan^ Carty, 4 Honolulu: i
Stmr, GeovW: Elder,' Randall, Astoria. '
Stmr.- Pleiades. • Purrinxton, Seattle.
Btmr - State • ¦ ot ¦¦;¦ California, Thomaa. ¦ Baa
SAILED?
ARRIVED. s
. Wednesday, March ¦ 19.
Stmr City of Para, Zeeder, 24 days 3 hour*
from Panama, via Mazatlan 5 days 21, hours.
* Stmr City of ; Pekinff, . Smith, ,'. 28 days • 15
hours 27 minutes from Hongkong and from Yo
kohama IS days 17 hours M miiiutes. ..'
Stmr Santa Cruz,' Nicholson,' 70 hours : from'
San Pedro. -. . -...>. ... •¦.*.. •,,
- Stmr Redwood City, Hansen, -16 hours from .
Albion..-.. : , :¦.,-: -. ¦
¦ : Stmr Navarro, Devitt, 11 hours from Bowens
Landing. - . ; . ¦¦ : ¦ '.:'.' ¦¦'•¦¦
' Stmr Arctic, Reiner, 2-t hours from Eureka.
Stmr Alcatraz, Carlson, . 11 hours from Point
Arena./ .-¦;.- - '..*., ¦ •• . _.
* Nor - stmr Tellus, - Pederson, 01 hours . from
Ladysmith. ' ' . . ,
< Ship , ¦ Balclutha, Bremmer, C5 days from
Newcastle, Aus. ' ; - • ' ; ¦ . ' ¦¦ ¦' * . .
¦ ; Ship Tillle E Starbuck, "Curtis,' 21- day« from
Honolulu. •>-.¦ -.';'¦ - : ••.¦-,¦ ;'//-.;'.
Ship ¦ Star of Bengal, .Illberg:, 25 days from
Honclu'u. ' .'.•:-. j . , * •
' Br ship Criccieth Castle, - Davies, • 132 days
from -Newcastle,* Enslana. ¦ ¦ t
;"¦ .Bark .Martha Davis, McAIman, 22' days from
Hilq.. :¦• ;„¦'.'. ... .-.- . : . • , ...
'.. Bark ¦ Santiaeo,", Enealls, 25 days ; from Hilo. .
• Bktn ' Planter, . Chase, 21 ¦ days ¦ from Hono
1-Jlu.- •.•¦: -¦---'- ¦ •'¦ -'._.;- •-,- ,../- -v. ;.,•.,
,- Schr Queen, Nielsen, 13 day«" from ' Port
Gamble. ' ' V^lllB(ntl^|Mti*l(l'VtWllH'V'*>Mft'' ll ill
; -Sehr Eva, BJornstrom, 60 hours^ from ; Eu
; Schr JvB Iieeds, Olsen,, 60 hours from.Eu-'
relia."- ¦; ¦ ¦ ¦-,. , '•.-¦¦¦¦ ;-.- .-¦ - - . . • •¦¦¦..:¦ ¦.'.-¦.•¦¦'-%
Schr J G ."Wall. Anderson, ¦ 3 days from Eu
reka- ¦¦' ¦¦.*,,¦' " : . --• ' -,.-¦;-/,. i v f ¦¦• •' t* '
. . , CLEARED./ * ;
:• '.¦'.•{< ¦ ¦ ¦ ' Marfch 19. T>
¦ Stmr .Oretfonlan, - Carty, New' ; York, -via
Honolulu; ¦Williams,, Dimond & Co.
;-:. i Bark '. W ¦ B • Flint, .Tohnsan, , Makaweli ; Alex
ander • &^Ealdwin.'r Ltd. ' .: ¦ ' ' .»¦«.?
-Fr.bark Amlral Troude,' St Martin Tchlo.".
New Caledonia; Roth,- Blum & Co;
Shipping 1 Intelligence.'
The j British ship Dunstaffnage is chartered
for wheat to Europe, usual options, 22s, 6d Ies3
direct;'' British ship Castle Rock, , same * busi
ness, 22s Gd net." .'
The British ship Arctic (Stream, now. on the
way - to ..Tacoma" from Los Angeles; will * load
wheat on arrival for > East London, at ¦ 27s ed.
I The British bark . Glenmark loads salmon on
Fraser River for London at 35s;, option of Liv
erpool -at 37s 6d;< chartered 'prior to arrivals - !
\ The bark, Edward May will load • general
merchandise here for Makaweli and Honolulu.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants. . ' ;
NEWS OF THE O CEAN. -
, Captain TV. C. Tribble has been superseded
aa commander of the Sausalito by Captain C.
A. Johnson. ' .¦*'.--
Change of Command.-
The steamship City of Para > arrived\^yester
day from Panama and way ports. 1 She brought
1000 tons of cargo and specie valued at $20,500.
Among the passengers was Domingo Vasquea,
former President of Honduras, who comes to
the United States in preference to languishing
in a South American prison. - He went to Nic
aragua some time ago for the purpose, it was
supposed, of stirring up . a revolution against
General Zelaya, the Liberal' President of , that
republic. Vasquez Is a • strong 'Conservative.'
He arrived at Corlnto on the Chilean steamship
Tucapel. Government troops boarded that-ves
sel and when they. left they had Domingo Vas
quez as a prisoner. He. was- thrown into jail
but later released on his promise ' to - leave' the
country. ¦* He- will go from here to . New : York "
The Para' had -a '.fine "trip -until the last two
days, when ehe ran Into some heavy northwest
erly .weather. •' She brought passengers as fol
lows: Enrique Yu Tit-m. wife and two chil
dren, J. Olcovich and vAte, Mrs. : Ysabel- de
Urrutia, Domingo Vasquez, P. J. Knudsen ' G.
W. Reed. A. S. Rollins, Cristobal Sickavizza,-
Bert Lindermann. R. D. Moms, "\V. . B. Mer
win. Ramon Kooc,- Ignacio Bejar, " Mrs. ' P B
Medina, . Carlos C. Urrutia. . - :•,.-¦
Para Arrives From Panama."
. The Harbor Commissioners met -yesterday
afternoon and transacted " the usual '_. routine
business. John D. McKenzle, the newly -ap
pointed ¦ Commissioner, will , not take his . seat
until next meeting^ • . . ¦¦> ¦/."¦
Harbor Commissioners \ Mi
. Captain Bngells of the bark Santiago." which
arrived yesterday from , Honolulu, . broke his
arm March IS by falling down the companion
way leading to his 'cabin." ; - . . '
Captain Breaks His Arm.
Duncan In his own behalf made a gen
erar denial" of all the testimony for the
prosecution.
The hearing of '.witnesses for the de
fense at the trial of Edward Duncan,
charged with the murder of George W.
Rice, non-union machinist, at Twentieth
and Howard streets October 11, was con
tinued before a jury in. Judge Lawlor's
court yesterday. There will be one more
witness as to character thia morning and
the defense will close.
Mary Rosenholz, a new witness, testi
fied that she saw the shooting of Rice.
The two men were standing up face to
face while one was ehooting the other,
she said. This is opposed to the testimony
of all the other witnesses, who said that
Rice was first knocked down with a club,
and. that while he » was lying prostrate on
the ground Buckley fired the shots into
his body. Another new witness was Ed
ward J. Robinson, who at the time of the
murder was a striking machinist. He tes
tified that shortly before 6 o'clock he saw
Duncan come out'of a grocery at the cor
ner of Twentieth and Shotwell streets
and spoke to him. Just then they heard
the shooting and went to see what it was.
In cross-examination he admitted that hf>
had not testified at the three other trials
although he had consulted with Buck
ley's lawyers along with Oppenhelmer, a
witness for the defense at the Buckley
trial. His testimony is opposed to the
statement of Duncan, who said he Went
to the grocery about 4:45 o'clock and came
out. in a few minutes.
Is Now Drawing to a
; . Close.
His Trial on the Charge of Murder
Jesse Holland was held to answer be
fore the Superior Court by Judge Mogan
yesterday - on a charge of grand larceny.
He is accused of stealing: $20 from C. H.
Layman on Mission street, near Third.
Must Stand Trial for Larceny.
DUNCAN TESTIFIES
IN HIS OWN BEHAXF
John Jorgensen. a sailor, on the French bark
Amiral Troude, had his right leg broken in
two, places on Tuesday evening by the ; break
ing of - the ship's winch. He was removed to
St. Mary's Hospital.
Breaking Winch Cripples Tar.
German Ship in" Trouble.
Tha German ship Gertrude from. Hamburg
for . Honolulu is reported "at Altlnbruch ' in a
damaged condition. ' She was in collision with
a. tug, had her stern damaged and two of her
plates stove in. , •
SAN JOSE. March 19. — Lorenzo Peebeck, a
young man living at Rucker. south of this cit>,
was committed to Asnew Insane Asylum to
day. Ho is a violent maniac. /
The British ships Franklstan and v Windsor
Park, bolh coal laden *nd both . hound ¦ from
Australia to this : port. I were • yesterday placed
among the reinsure/!. They are quoted at 15
per cent. The Chilean* bark Tosemite, on
which 25 per cent has I been paid, is reported
safe at Valparaiso. Reinsurance on the French
bark Olivier de ' Cllsson has been I advanced to
55 per eent. ; -: - -;. ... . . .
The Reinsurance List. '
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographic Office, IT. S. jr., -Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
March 19, 1902.
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day.
i. e.. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 3
p. m., Greenwich mean time.
W. H. STANDLET.
Lieutenant U. S. N.. in charge.
went to the rescue and brought her safely to
port.
Detectives Crockett and Regan, who
¦were detailed to work on the case, inter
viewed Gilroy and Gorman, and upon the
men stating that they were not present
at the scene of the tragedy, but were at
a clambake, the detectives allowed them
to go. AH the witnesses yesterday swore
tbat it must have been 'either Ollroy or
Gorman that knocked Eugene McCarthy
under the wheels of the car. The inquest
was accordingly continued in order that
the missing witnesses might be produced.
The inquest in the matter of the death
of Eugene McCarthy, who was run over
by a streetcar last Sunday night In front
of Nolan's saloon, at the Intersection of
JFolsom and Xinth • streets, was left un
finished yesterday because the police had
failed to produce the two men who ar«
believed to have been the cause of Mc-
Carthy's death.
It appeared 'from the testimony that
Daniel and Eugene McCarthy got into a
fight in the saloon with several men. John
Cshil! had a fight with Daniel McCartny,
brother of the dead man, and M. Ward
and P. Gallagher became mixed up in it.
Then two strangers named Gllroy and
German, who were In the crowd, chased
Eugene McCarthy out of the saloon, and
cne of them struck him a blow on the
head, knocking him down in front of a
passing car, which ran over him, killing
him instantly.
Fatal Blow.
tion of the Man Who Struck
Coroner Iceland Demands the Produc-
two witnesses missing
in the McCarthy cass
J. J. Sweeney, saloon-keeper, 141 Second
street, had been missing- things from his
saloon for two or three nights, and after
closing about 1 o'clock yesterday morning
he waited in the darkness for develop
ments. They came in less than two hours'.
He heard a key inserted in the lock of
the side door, on Natoma street, the door
was opened and a man entered. Sweeney
waited for a few minutes while the in
truder helped himself to some of the arti
cles on the shelves and then struck him
on. the head with a club, knocking h!m
down. Sweerrey jumped on top of the
burglar and was struggling with him when
Policeman McQuaide, who was attracted
by the noise, made his appearance. The
intruder was placed under arrest and
booked on the charge of burglary. Two
bottles of whisky and a bottle of porter
were found in his pockets. He gave his
name as William White. He appeared In
Judge Cabaniss' court later and the case
was continued till to-day.
Michael King, saloon-keeper, Steuart and
Mission streets, reported to the '.police
yesterday that his saloon had been en
tered by burglars between 2 and- 6 o'clock
Tuesday morning and that stock and
money to the value of $43 had been stolen.
The- back of a large slot machine had
been forced open and the nickels it con
tained \ had also been stolen. Entrance
had been effected by sawing two strips
off a wooden grating on the basament
door. From the size of the hole the bur
glars are supposed to have been boys.
and Catch.es One Intruder
„ t in the Act.
J. J. Sweeney Keeps Watch in Bark
NOTE — In I he above exposition of the t:dc3
the early morntns tides are given in the lefi
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence aa to time; th»»
fourth time column gives the last tide of tho
d,ay. except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The height3 given are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey chart3. except when a minus ( — >
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters.
SUBCLASS PAY A VISIT
S TO DIFFERENT SAIX)ON"S
- VANCOUVER —¦Sailed' March 19 __ rv'iJl
Beuce/.for Sydney, via Port Townsend. °
FOREIGN « PORTS.
: - HONOLULU,* . -March 12— The schr Alice
Kimball arrived here on March 9 from Wa!
mea,: Kanal. with a .cargo of 2390 sacks rice,
some ' damaged by ealt .water ¦ during heavy
weather. : . Vetsel was '. very ' much strained : and
will ; have t6x have considerable .repairs.
. The -- Br ' shin - Ellen A Read, "- previously re
ported in her in distress, will have to have re-'
pairs" amounting to $12,000.; -
.'¦ Sailed March 6— Stmr Sonoma, for. Sydney.
March 8— Bark Mauna Ala. f«Jr San Francisco.
March * lO^Stmr ' Eureka, -. for ; Anahola, ; Kanai.
March • 11— Schr ,W _'H Marston, for . San Fran
cisco; berk :.¦ Sonoma, . for Port Townsend;" Br
Ehip Peter Iredale,. for Rolal Roads.*v
: 'Arrived -March; 6 — Stmr. Sonoma. , hence Feb
28;": bktn'. W,;: H-Dlmond, hence Feb ;9;_ stmr
Hyades, 'hence Feb 21. March 7 — Bark R p
Rithet. hence Febr -2;- schr Rosamond,: hence
Feb W.-.-^ March '9— Bark Albert, hence Feb 15
schr Mary E Foster," from Port Ludlow. March
11 — Bark ? Olympic, , hence ; Feb t IS; schr Klm»
Cyrus, - from .-¦ Newcastle, , NSW; - schr Jas it
Bruce/- from > Grays ¦ Harbor; : stmr ' City of - Pe
kins, -:. from : Yokohama. - ,• March 12 — Br stmr
Aorangi,', from- .colonies; . stmr - 'Peru, hence
MRrch 5. ;~r" .• •'¦ . ¦ ''. ¦ ¦ -. r . ¦ .
• To eall March 12— Bktn S G Wilder, for San
Francisco.;., ', ...'"-. . ¦ .. i ¦¦
~ . l*he pchr Rosamond proceeds • to Eleele to
load. ¦'•' - v i«aBSSWHpfl»»-. 1
H1LO— Arrived Feb 2S— Shin Helen Brewer
from; Honolulu. March 2— Bark Roderick Dhu
hence Feb 6. ¦' u^«5*Vmpw«a0»j» B^iij
r -Sailed March -2— Ship Falls of Clyde for Sun
Francisco. ¦ ; ',- - , • . ¦ . " tt "
-¦. MAHUKONA— Sailed . March 1— Schr • Methi
Nelior... for. Port Townaend.' ' i ¦. „ «eina
' MA K A WELI— Arrived March 6-^Shm Emiiv
F ;i \Vhltney.-,frcm! Honolulu.- ' onip^mHy.
ISLAND •: PORTS. r
CAPE HENRY— Passed March IS— ShlD Wil
liam F Babcock. from 'New .York, for- Balti
more, to load for San : Francisco.
-NEW -YORK— Sailed March IS— Stmr Ad
vance, s for . Colon. .. " ,¦ _.
EASTERN. I PORTS.
Diego. •
Stmr Coos Bay, Smith, San Pedro.
Stmr Newsboy, Johnsor, Eureka."
Stmr Equator, Morris, Uyak Bay.
Stmr National City, Johnson, Fort Brag?.
U S stmr Meade, . Dobson, Manila.
Ship Florence. Sr>icer. Comox. '
Ger ship Agnes. Behrens, Antwerp.
Barge Santa Paula. /McGovern, Ventura, In
tow tus Eescue. .. • \
Sclir Jenhie Wand. Christian. Coos Bay.
Schr Mary C, Campbell. Bcdesa.
Schr Conflanza, Olsen, Coquille River.
Schr Del Norte, Jacobaen, Rogue River.
-.: SPOKEN. * .
Nov 27, lat 19 S, Ion 128- W— Br ship Lons
dale, -from Oregon,, for Queenstown.
Fab 19, lat 40 S, Ion 43 W — Br ship Iqulque.
hence Nov 20, for London. '
Dae 11. lat 37 S. Ion 132 w — Br ship Lord
Templetcwn. hence Oct SI, for Queenstown.
Feb ; 12, Jat 55 S, Ion 86 W— Bark Abby
Palmer, from Port Gamble, for Algoa Bay.
Per Br shlD Criccieth Castle— March 14, lat
33 N. Ion 1.-82 W, Br ship Glenalvon, from
Cardiff, for San Francisco. ¦
. . TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. March 19. 10 p m — Weather
hazy; wind NW, velocity 26 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived March 19— Schr Fal
con, from Coos Bay; schi. Ludlow, from Port
Blakeley. •
Sailed March 19— Schr Emma Utter, for
Coos Bay;, schr. Wawona, for Grays Harbor
bark Vidette, for Olympia. .
TACOMA — Sailed March 19 — Ger bark Thel
ka;.for Queenstown; Nor stmr Guernsey, . for St
Vincent. • • . - , , --
PORT TO WNSEND— Arrived March 19—
Schr Defiance, from Suva. > V
- Sailed- March lsf— Stmr . Dolohin. for Ska&-'
way; etmr Bertha, for Valdez; Br.bark Wan
derer, for Queenstown; schr C H Merchant, for
San Francisco.
NEAH BAY— Passed out March 19— Nor
stmr Guernsey, for. St Vincent; Br bark Wan
derer, for Queenstown. - ¦.-.¦.. ¦'^\ mm
. Passed in March 10— Stmr Mackinaw, hence
March 16. for Tacoma; schr - Defiance, from
Suva; stmr. Queen, hence. March 17, for Vic
toria and Puget Sound ports. "
PORT BLAKELEY— Sailed March 19— Bktn
Newsboy, ; for Sydney: bktn W R Hume, for
San Francisco. . '. - - . •
FORT 1 BRAGG— Sailed March 19— Stmr Co
quille River, for San Francisco."
NEW WHATCOM— Arrived March 19— Stmr
Rainier, . from Seattle. ¦ .
; EUREKA — Arrived March 19 — Stmr- Homer,
hence March, 17.
Arrived i March 19— Stmr Pomona, hence
March IS; stmr Brunswick, hence March 17."
Sailed March 19 — Stmrs Aberdeen and North
Fork, for ' San Francisco; stmr Westnort. for
1 Santa ; Barbara. . . ¦ ' - • ' -
! ¦ ASTORIA — Sailed March 19 — Stmr Columbia,
for- San- Francisco. ? - '
SAN DIEGO— Sailed March 19— Stmr Samoa,
for . San Francisco; ' - .
PORTLAND — Arrived March 19 — Bark Er r
nest Leirouve, ? from" Hobart; stmr South-Port
land, - from San Francisco. 1 •
¦ SEATTLE— Arrived March 19 — Stmr Meteor,
hence March 15. • ¦
" Sailed March * 18— Stmr ' Dolphin, for - Skag
way;-stmr .Bertha,- for Valdez. .
Sailed March IS)— Stmr laqoa, = for Port Had
lock; Charles Counselman, for San Francisco.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived March 19 — Stmr
Santa Barbara,. hence March 16.
Arrived March 17 — Stmr - San * Pedro, - hence
March 14. March l^Stmr * Grace Dollar,
hence March 15. - ¦
REDONDO — Arrived March . 19 — Schr Wil
liam ¦; Nottingham,'^ from San .Pedro.« ¦ :
; SOUTH BEND — Sailed March 19 — Schr
North iBend, for San Francisco. • ¦> . _- ;
\: COOS BAY — Sailed , March 19 — Stmr Arcata,
for San ¦ Francisco. •
: PORT LUDLOW— Sailed March ' 19— Schr C
H Merchant, for Lahalna.
UMPQUA— Sailed- March 16— Schrs Louise
and-Beulah, for ¦ San Pedro.
- Arrived March lti — Schr Lily, hence March 7.
PORT H ADLOCK — Arrived March 19 — Stmr
Iaqua. hence March 15. .
•• POINT .'. LOBOS — Passed March, 19, 10 a m —
Etmr Alcazar, from Greenwood, for Port Los
Anrreies. . :
- .. BALLARD — Sailed March 17— Schr Corona.
for San Pedro.
. W. H. Phillips, who left here as chief
engineer of the transport . .Warren, ¦ re
turned on the Peking. He resigned his
position on the transport because of th?
interference in the engine room of Cap
tain McK. Williamson, depot quartermas
ter at Honolulu. E. Swain," first assistant
engineer, and W. Henning, fourth assist
ant, also resigned from the Warren for
the same reason. . Swain accepted a posi
tion on one of the inter-island steamers
and Henning went to .work for the.quar
antine station.' The Warren was expected
to sail the day the Peking left.
The Peking's xpassengers . were:
A. R. Welch. Miss • M: C. Winn. Rear Ad
miral L. Kempif.-U. S. N.; C. B. Hunt, Major
C. B. Pendergrast, J. W. Mason, W.T. Sum
mers, T. Knowles. Dr. T. A. Knapp L C.
Meek, D. H . ' Laughery, R.' R. Gould,- Dr. , and
Mrs. H. C. Wymann, J. D.> Prior, R Duffy,
Mr. and Mrs. R. Hofer. "H. G: Adams W. :
Maxwell and wife, H. Groell, E. ' Wickermann.
H. St. John Knight." E. Guy, E. S. Lowe B.
Greatrex, W. H. Phillips. "J. H. MacLaffe'rty,
D. L. Bliss Jr., F. R.,Wood, George E. Clark
John Dunn, Judge Little. • / • , - .'
• ' she maintained her schedule
throughout and reached port on time. Sho
brought about ninety passengers and 1S36
tons of cargo, Which included 524 bales of
raw silk. 'Admiral Kempff was the; star
passenger. He was relieved on the China
station by Admiral Frank Wilde. Admi
ral Kempff was met at the Mail dock by'
his wife and family, and accompanied
them to the Kempff * home in Oakland,
where the distinguished sailorman will
await ' orders from 'Washington. -Judge
Little of Honolulu was' also a passenger.
He left Honolulu under the name of J.H..
Smith In order, he says, that . his going
away might be as quiet as possible. He Is
going, he says, to Madison, Wisconsin, to
visit a sick relative. Passengers on the
steamship suggest. that Washington' is his
destination and that he has ambitions in
the direction of a high Federal appoint
ment. This Judge Little denies. . •'Poli
tics," he says, "has nothing whatever to
do with my presence in the United States.
I need a rest. A close relative of mine at
Madison, Wisconsin, is very, ill and that Js
my destination." •
THE Pacific Mail steamship City of
Peking arrived yesterday from
the Orient ' and Honolulu. . In
spite of continuous head winds
The action of Superintendent Elbert of
the City and County Hospital in dismiss
ing Peter F. Sheridan .from his position
as night watchman, incompetency,
and appointing N. Meahiri to succeed him,
was approved. " ,
Chief Sanitary Inspector Hassler's re
quest that the salaries. of assistant mar
ket inspectors be increased to $100 per
month was referred to the Finance Com
mittee.
•Richard Sherlock's resignation as nurse
of the Twenty-sixth-street hospital was
accspted. ,
Drs. Reckers and Albert Cohen', in
ternes at the City and County, Hospital,
complained that -the five assistant visiting
physicians have usurped their privileges
and requested that their duties Include
the physical examinations and provi
sional treatment of all cases in their
wards.
The board delegated Drs.* O'Brien, Hass
ler, Kellogg ana Morrissey to attend* a
sanitary conference to be held in Oak
land on April 14 next. .
The National Beekeepers' Association
petitioned that if the privilege is given
to honey dealers to put glucose in honey
to prevent it from granulating' . they
be compelled to brand the article as adul
terated.
'ihe beard created the position of. Milk
Inspector and appointed ¦ John A. Brown
to the place at a salary, of 5100 per month.
The appointment Is temporary, until such
time as the Civil Service Commission
shall hold an examination for the posi
tion. Brown has been successively secre
tary of the Health Beard, statistician,,
Chief Food ana Dairy Inspector,; and his
intimate knowledge of milk inspection,
¦which has become an important duty,
was the cause of the creation or' the bu
reau.
E. C. Smith and Edwards B. O'Connor
were appointed dairy inspectors from the
eligible list.
lfae board ¦ appointed J. A. Neubacher
druggist at the almsnouse, Paul Schmidt
watchman, at the City and County H-os
pital and Dr. A. P. Finnan interne, to
succeed Dr. W. F. Blake, resigned.
The , board took this action on the
recommendation of Health Officer O'Brien,
who reported that at least four of the
hamman bathing institutions -were kept
in a nlthy condition and. needed regulat-
The Board of Health decided yesterday
to submit an ordinance to the Board of
Snpervisors, providing for the sanitary,
regulation of-hammam bathing establish
ments. -The ordinance will require/that
all blankets shall be steamed and steril
ized after using, that the .water in the
plunge be changed daily and. that the
mattresses be sterilized and that other
sanitary precautions be taken. •
Dietrick has just turned his twenty-flm
year and was leaving the State University
at Berkeley to begin life as a schoolteach
er in the Philippines. Howe had secured
a $2000 per annum position under the Gov
ernment' as United States Statistician at
Manila. Both started on the transport
Meade about two weeks ago and were re
turned two days later with . a thousand
soldiers- and placed in quarantine on An
gel Island, smallpox having broken out
on the vessel on the first day of the voy
age. Howe and Dietrick tired of life en
the island and slipped away last Mon
day night in a rowboat belonging to
Quartermaster Lewis. . He started in pur
suit in a gasoline launch and overhauled
the fugitives In the Straits of Carquinez.
near the Tiburon shore. Lewis was an
- gry and swore to a complaint in Marin
County, charging them with grand lar
ceny f.or stealing his boat. He also made
complaint to United States District At
torney \V'oodworth, charging Howe and
Dietrick with having violated the quar
antine regulations. The Meade was
scheduled to sail at noon yesterday and
the prisoners were in despair. They de
nied any Intention of stealing the boat cr
of attempting to escape from quarantine,
and said that if the Meade sailed without
them their prospects in life would be
ruined forever.
Banning- took pity on them. "They're
only kids," he said. Lewis was prevailed
upon to withdraw his complaints an,i
Howe and Dietrick sailed away on tha
Meade as happy as larks.;:aEtt
Repentance and copious tears saved Ed
ward Howe and Edward Dietrick yester
day from losing good situations in the
Philippines. They wept so freely and
thumped their breasts so energetically
while they crle'd "peccavt" that the heart
of Assistant United States District Attor
ney Banning, also an "Eddie," was melt
ed in sympathy.
Sailed March 19 — Stmr Germanic, for Liver
pool; stmr Kensington, for Antwerp; stmr St
Louis,- for Southampton; stmr Phoenicia, for
Naples and Genoa. ' <
Arrived March 19-^Stmr Moltke (new), from
Hamburg, Southampton and Cherbourg; stmr
Teutonic, from Liverpool and Queenstown
LIVERPOOL — Arrived March 19 — Stmr Do
minion, from Portland.
. YOKOHAMA— Sailed March 12— Stmr Kai
sow, from Liverpool, - etc.
Steamer Movements.
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived March 19— Stmr
St Paul, from New York.
QUEENSTOWN — Sailed March 13— Stmr
Ivernia, ' from Liverpool, for Boston. >-
NEW YORK — Arrived March 19 — Stmr Fur
ncssia, ~ from Glasgow.
Arr^ ed pflor to March 19 — Br stmr Pat
Linr," from Seattle.
MELBOURNE — Arrived prior to March 18 —
Schr William F Garms, ' from Tacoma.
VALPARAISO— Sailed Feb 14— Ger bark
Martha Bockhahn. for .
NEWCASTLE, Aus— Sailed March 6— Br
ship Fafrport. for .
HONG AY— Sailed Jan IS— Br ship Tweeds
dale, for Ore~on.» • ' • , "
HAMBURG— Sailed March lfr— Ger stmr
Abydos, for San Francisco.
MANILA — Arrived March 17 — Br itmr Al
ffoa, from Seattle."
NANAIMO— Sailed March 19 — Nor btmr Tita
nia. for San Francisco.
VANCOUVER— Sailed March 1^— Dutch stmr
Folmina, for Nanaimo.
PORT ELIZABETH — Arrived March 17
Bark Abby Palmer, from Port Gamble.
ROCHES POINT — Arrived March 1&—Bi
bark Lord' Templetown, hence Oct 31.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
ANTWERP— Arrived March 17— Br « bark
Brussels, hence Oct 16.
HONGKONG— Arrived^ March IS— Br stmr
Empress of China, from Vancouver.
Sailed March IS— Stmr China, for San Fran
cispo. ...
AUCKLAND— Arrived March IS— Stinr So
noma, hence Kpb 2S. • •¦
YOKOHAMX^-Sailed March 10— Jao stmr
Hongkong Maru. for San Francisco, via Hono
lulu. ¦
NEWCASTLE. England — Sailed March 13 —
Br shir Deanmont (ex Sllvercrais). for San
Francisco.
The police do not believe that a tragedy
is connected with the desertion of the
buggy. They are inclined to think rather
that the perambulator was abandoned by
some woman, : possibly in her haste to
catch a Sausaiito boat or in the sup
position that; it would be taken charge of.|
by the baggagemen. ( j
A baby buggy left Just outside the
freight gate of -the Sausalito ieyrry Tues
day night may prove to be a clew to an
other murder or suicide mystery. While
there is nothing about, the perambulator
tp indicate a tragedy, the police are puz
zled to find a reason for its abandonment
at such a place. "
The buggy is a cheap affair and old.
Among the articles in it was a dilapidated
book of child's fairy tales, "Echoes from
Fairyland," with the following written
on the fly leaf: "Vera Beatrice Degandis;
from papa, December 30," 1D0O." The name
Degandis does not • appear in recent city
directories. t
A pillow with a of laundry
marks on the case, a piece of checked oil
cloth, a loosely knit child's shawl, several
cheap trinkets, a "bottle, nearly-full, of an
emulsion,- labeled "Ozomulslon." and a
copy of the San Francisco Trade Journal,
were also found with the buggy. A boat
man first saw the abandoned carriage and
turned it over to Patrolman Barnett. He
took it to the Harbor police station, and
it remains there, awaiting a claimant or
identification. i:.
Irving M. Scott is in the East, and John
Xicholl insists that he holds an option for
the Union Iron Works on Point Richmond
property with a frontage on the bay
which fits it for use as a ship building or
ship finishing site. Such a location would
certainly have its advantages, saving the
expense and risk of transshipping the big
guns and armor plate of the" battle ships.
If the entire ship building plant of the
iron works were transferred to Point
Richmond the expense of dredging would
be avoided, as the tide currents keep a
good depth of water there. A saving,
also, would certainly be effected in the
cost of fuel oil. Point Richmond would
be enriched by the establishment of an
auxiliary plant, and San Francisco would
be the loser. The Point Richmond people
believe that a thousand men will be em
ployed there, insuring an increase of some
5000 in the town's population, and that
real estate values may be expected to
boom and general prosperity to increase
accordingly. >- ,
Point Richmond is jubilant over a re
port that the Union, Iron "Works .is to
establish an auxiliary plant there, pre
sumably as a finishing plant where armor
plate and gun equipment can be placed
after the launching of war vessels from
the Potrero ship yards. John Nicholl Jr.,
president of the John Nicholl Land Com
pany, a corporation that has control of
large tracts of land at Point Richmond, is
autfcority for the statement that Irving
M. Scott, before his departure for the
Kast, was given an option on the old
Kemillard brick yard . property, and that
the ship builders contemplated buying"
thirty-five acres additional for the site of
a ship finishing plant.
Henry T. Scott, president of the Union
Iron Works, denies emphatically that any
such plans are under consideration. He
<-aid last night:
There is no such- move contemplated. Th*
Union Iron Works Is not to be removed to
l'oint Richmond nor is any auxiliary plant to
be established there. We have no optio i
on property there, and bo far as "I know
Irving M. Scott has not Becured an option. If
he lias he has not informed me of the deal
ana he did not act for the Union Iron Works.
I do not know of any project to establish an
iron works or • shipbuilding plant or branch of
-euch a. Dlant at Point Richmond.
It is true that we had a property at Folsom
and Second streets and that we planned to put
& plant there for the manufacture o' mining
machinery, but the strike held on so long that
we cave it up and sold the land. If we decide
later to build such an auxiliary plant it will
be enough then to consider the site. For
the present we are not considering ..hat plan.
We own all the, land of our Potrero site.
Not a foot of it is leased property. In fact,
we own much more out there which we have
not yet taken in for the iron works. • —
We have a contract with -the Standard Oil
Company for,<uel oil.- When their pipe line
and tanks at Point Richmond are ready they
will besin the delivery of oil at our plant
by means of tank barpes. We have no con
tract with the ArsDCiated Oil ComDany. and
the erection of tanks at Point Richmond has
no -relation to any contract for the delivery of
oil to. us.
Option Said to Be Held on
Old Remillard Brick
• yard Site.
Transport Meads.
Prosecution Relents and De
fendants Sail on the
Supervisors Requiring
Cleanliness.
iWili Present Ordinance to
Arouses Speculation as to
Possible Murder or
Suicide. . '
Perambulator ¦ Is ' . Aban
doned at the Sausa
lito Ferry Depot.
Health Board Finds Four
in an Unsanitary
Condition.
Two United States Pris-
oners Cry Their Way
to Freedom.
N ICHOLL SAYS
YES, SCOTT NO
Point Richmond Expects
to Get Branch Iron
Works. [
WOULD REGULATE
HAMMAM BATHS
POLICE PUZZLED
BY BABY BUGGY
COPIOUS TEARS
BRING FARDON
PEKING MAINTAINS SCHEDULE,
DESPITE HEAVY HEAD WINDS
Has' Rear Admiral Kempff for a Passenger and Brings Up Judge
Little of Honolulu—r-Leaves ' the Warren, at^ the- Island Port
' Ready to Resume Her Voyage, but Short of Engineer Officers
THeO SAN FRANCISCO; CALL/ THURSDAY;; 20, 1902.
TO ARRIVE.
TO SAIL>
FROM SEATTLE.
Sun,. Moon and Tides.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
-Times and , Heights - • of ¦• High and Low'
W aters . at ¦ . Fort Point, entrance to San
10
Steamer.
From.
I Due.
Leelanaw. . . . New York via Panama. IMar. 20
Despatch.... San Pedro-. ...:.|Mar. 2O
Santa Monica San Pedro ............. Mar." 20"
iionlta.. Newport & Way Ports.. Mar 20-
Spokane San Diego & "Way Ports. Mar. 20
Point Arena.. Point Arena Mar 20
Santa Ana... Seattle & Tacoma .... Mar' 20
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orford. Mar- 21
Crescent City Crescent City .". . Mar **l
Alliance Portland & Way Ports.. Mar" •>!
Australia Tahiti Mar" 21
Columbia Portland & Astoria..:." Mar! 21
SanMatco... Nanalmo Mar
Kmplre Coos Bay ....; " Mar 'I
Pomona Humboldt "" Mar "1
Aztec. ..:.... Tacoma " " Ma _' •*»
C. Nelson .\... San Pedro "*Mar £>
Kurpka Humboldt ""Mar £i
Edith ...Seattle ......... Mar 5-
Titania...... Nanaimo Mar «•
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Ports Mar" 23
City of Puebla Pupet Sound Ports.....! Mar" 23
Sequoia San Pedro Mar" ?*
Mackinaw..: Tacoma ** Mar ' oV
San Pedro <. . . Grays Harbor .....".'.' Mar "t
G. Dollar.... Grays Harbor ' Mar -n
Coos Bay.... San Pertro & Way Ports! Mar' 24
Chehalis San Pedro ... C «1 •
Santa Barbar Grays Harbor I Mar «t
Folmlna Nanaimo: .. ""•vrat-'o-
Alameda Honolinu "•**¦" m^-" ??
«J. YV. Elder. Portland & Astorli" '.'..' M tr" "S
Hyades...... Honolulu & Kattului .. Mar
Curacao. ..... Mexican Ports Mar" 2T
Czarina. . .... Seattle & Tacoma . . \rar 2-
Queen ....... Puget Sound Ports ..".'. Mar 28
North Fork.. Humboldt Mar' ->S
:eamer.
'estinatlon.
I Sails.
Pier.
31 arch 2O. I -
Phoenix.:.. MendcJclno City 3 pmiPler 13
Despatch.. Seattle & Fairhaven 10 amfpjer 16
Ventura;.. Sydney & Way Pts 6 pmlPier 7
J. Klmball. Seattle & Tacoma. . 10 am Pier 2
March 21. ••
Amer.Maru China & Japan 1 pm PMSS
- ¦ -March 22.
Alliance... Portland & Cooa B. 1 pmiPler 16
Empire.... Coos Bay 12 mjPlerla
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena ...... '£ pm-Picr a
North Fork Humboldt ...... 9 am Pier °
Umatilla... Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
March: 23.
Arcata Coos £. &»Pt.'Orf d 10 am Pier J3
Pomona. . . . Humboldt ' . . . .v. 1 :30 p Pier »
Spokane..: San Dtego & 'W^.y. . 9. am Pier- 11
Bonita . Newport & Way Pts 0 am Pier 11
March 2-4. - .- . -,
Chehalis Grays Harbor ..... 5 pm Pier
Columbia.. Astoria & Portland 11 aralPler 24
Leelanaw.. N. ,Y. via Panama.. 2 pm|Swa!ll
Santa Ana. Seattle & Tacoma. . 10 amlPier 2
March 25. . ¦ i
Eureka.... Humhoiat :.... 9 am > Pier 13
¦ , Marcli 26. ¦ ¦ L I
State of Cal. San Diego & Way.. 8 amlPier 11
March -27.
Coos Bay.." San Pedro & Way. 9 am Pier 11
G. Dollar.. Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
San Pedro. 3rays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
March 28.
Cy of Para. Panama & Way Pts 12 m PMSS
Leelanaw.. N. Y. via Panama 2 pm S W 1
March 2O. I • . ,
Humboldt; . Skagway via Seattlej... . .. pier
Peking..... China &• Japan. :..| I pmlPMSS
Alameda... Honolulu .1 2 pmiPler T
Australia.'. Tahiti - direct ...... |10 am|Pler 7
G. Elder... Astoria & PortlandlU amifier 24
Steamer.
For.
I Sails.
"arallon . . . . . Skagwa y & Way Ports. Mar. 2o
HtyofTopeka Skagway & Way Ports. Mar 21
ty of Seattle Skaguay ¦ & Way Ports. Mar' 24
|xcelsior . . . . Cooks Inlet & Way Pts.|Mar. 25
.ottage City. Skagway & Way Ports.|Mar 31
Sun rises . ..' '
Sun sets
Moon seta 3:50 a.
O Time! |Tlrae Time I |Tlme!
o ! ri. I St. 1 Ft I 1 :
» L \V| IHW L. Wl . |H V?\
.6:14
.6:21
.. m.
F^
20 2:25 2.5 8:SS 5.2| 3:03 0.2| 9:56!
21 3:17 2.1 9:37 5.21 3:47 0.4!10:".:j
22 4:06 1.6 10:29 5.314:321 C.7!ll:09i
23 4:51 1.3 11:11) 5.2 5:10 1.0|U:43
24 5:37 1.1112:00 u.ll5:4fi 1.3
H W it. W H W L, w
25 0:16 5.4| G:10| 1.0)12:53 4.9 C:22I
26 0:491 5.2| 6:3S| 0.0! 1:W 4.6 6:561
5 2
5.4
5 4
5.4
IT
2.1
Sun rises . ..' '
Sun sets
Moon seta 3:50 a.
O Time! |Tlrae Time I |Tlme!
o ! ri. I St. 1 Ft I 1 :
» L \V| IHW L. Wl . |H V?\
.6:14
.6:21
.. m.
F^
20 2:25 2.5 8:SS 5.2| 3:03 0.2| 9:56!
21 3:17 2.1 9:37 5.21 3:47 0.4!10:".:j
22 4:06 1.6 10:29 5.314:321 C.7!ll:09i
23 4:51 1.3 11:11) 5.2 5:10 1.0|U:43
24 5:37 1.1112:00 u.ll5:4fi 1.3
H W it. W H W L, w
25 0:16 5.4| G:10| 1.0)12:53 4.9 C:22I
26 0:491 5.2| 6:3S| 0.0! 1:W 4.6 6:561
5 2
5.4
5 4
5.4
IT
2.1
Steamer.
From.
I Due.
Leelanaw. . . . New York via Panama. IMar. 20
Despatch.... San Pedro-. ...:.|Mar. 2O
Santa Monica San Pedro ............. Mar." 20"
iionlta.. Newport & Way Ports.. Mar 20-
Spokane San Diego & "Way Ports. Mar. 20
Point Arena.. Point Arena Mar 20
Santa Ana... Seattle & Tacoma .... Mar' 20
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orford. Mar- 21
Crescent City Crescent City .". . Mar **l
Alliance Portland & Way Ports.. Mar" •>!
Australia Tahiti Mar" 21
Columbia Portland & Astoria..:." Mar! 21
SanMatco... Nanalmo Mar
Kmplre Coos Bay ....; " Mar 'I
Pomona Humboldt "" Mar "1
Aztec. ..:.... Tacoma " " Ma _' •*»
C. Nelson .\... San Pedro "*Mar £>
Kurpka Humboldt ""Mar £i
Edith ...Seattle ......... Mar 5-
Titania...... Nanaimo Mar «•
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Ports Mar" 23
City of Puebla Pupet Sound Ports.....! Mar" 23
Sequoia San Pedro Mar" ?*
Mackinaw..: Tacoma ** Mar ' oV
San Pedro <. . . Grays Harbor .....".'.' Mar "t
G. Dollar.... Grays Harbor ' Mar -n
Coos Bay.... San Pertro & Way Ports! Mar' 24
Chehalis San Pedro ... C «1 •
Santa Barbar Grays Harbor I Mar «t
Folmlna Nanaimo: .. ""•vrat-'o-
Alameda Honolinu "•**¦" m^-" ??
«J. YV. Elder. Portland & Astorli" '.'..' M tr" "S
Hyades...... Honolulu & Kattului .. Mar
Curacao. ..... Mexican Ports Mar" 2T
Czarina. . .... Seattle & Tacoma . . \rar 2-
Queen ....... Puget Sound Ports ..".'. Mar 28
North Fork.. Humboldt Mar' ->S
:eamer.
'estinatlon.
I Sails.
Pier.
31 arch 2O. I -
Phoenix.:.. MendcJclno City 3 pmiPler 13
Despatch.. Seattle & Fairhaven 10 amfpjer 16
Ventura;.. Sydney & Way Pts 6 pmlPier 7
J. Klmball. Seattle & Tacoma. . 10 am Pier 2
March 21. ••
Amer.Maru China & Japan 1 pm PMSS
- ¦ -March 22.
Alliance... Portland & Cooa B. 1 pmiPler 16
Empire.... Coos Bay 12 mjPlerla
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena ...... '£ pm-Picr a
North Fork Humboldt ...... 9 am Pier °
Umatilla... Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
March: 23.
Arcata Coos £. &»Pt.'Orf d 10 am Pier J3
Pomona. . . . Humboldt ' . . . .v. 1 :30 p Pier »
Spokane..: San Dtego & 'W^.y. . 9. am Pier- 11
Bonita . Newport & Way Pts 0 am Pier 11
March 2-4. - .- . -,
Chehalis Grays Harbor ..... 5 pm Pier
Columbia.. Astoria & Portland 11 aralPler 24
Leelanaw.. N. ,Y. via Panama.. 2 pm|Swa!ll
Santa Ana. Seattle & Tacoma. . 10 amlPier 2
March 25. . ¦ i
Eureka.... Humhoiat :.... 9 am > Pier 13
¦ , Marcli 26. ¦ ¦ L I
State of Cal. San Diego & Way.. 8 amlPier 11
March -27.
Coos Bay.." San Pedro & Way. 9 am Pier 11
G. Dollar.. Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
San Pedro. 3rays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
March 28.
Cy of Para. Panama & Way Pts 12 m PMSS
Leelanaw.. N. Y. via Panama 2 pm S W 1
March 2O. I • . ,
Humboldt; . Skagway via Seattlej... . .. pier
Peking..... China &• Japan. :..| I pmlPMSS
Alameda... Honolulu .1 2 pmiPler T
Australia.'. Tahiti - direct ...... |10 am|Pler 7
G. Elder... Astoria & PortlandlU amifier 24
Steamer.
For.
I Sails.
"arallon . . . . . Skagwa y & Way Ports. Mar. 2o
HtyofTopeka Skagway & Way Ports. Mar 21
ty of Seattle Skaguay ¦ & Way Ports. Mar' 24
|xcelsior . . . . Cooks Inlet & Way Pts.|Mar. 25
.ottage City. Skagway & Way Ports.|Mar 31
"It is always sunrise
somewhere in the world."
Pears' Soap is sold all over
' Established us*
The Law Says You
¦Shall Stay Blind
Five Years.
But Dr. W. O. Coffee, Des
• Moines, la., Defies the Law j
and Restores Mr.
Brown's Sight.
George G. Bbown. Brownsville, Maine.
n ?n r - FT?,* 11 ! aId : " My eyes had been *rad-
nally failing for some years, and after trying
glasses and not being able to ret any to suit.
I went to an oculist and he said I had cata-
racts and must *o blind, and It generally took
!h»/,t. ars - That the laws ot EthicV declaimed
Mo^ -/t *5 om , e and blue, but a
Moln?^ Towf 1 m S to wrlt e to Dr. Coffee. Dei
night as I was too blind to write. Getting en-
rS™?!™^ Coffee we commenced
rtt*ll e f tment an d in six months time th9
So 4 " 8 ? H were enti «ly eone and my sight was
22® * fflict ® d Cataracts, weak or blind
eyes to notwait for an operation, but try Br.
coffee s mild home treatment at once and you
J™ s ee again. The Oculist who examined my
EKi ?I?* and said they were cataracts, exam-
,J* •S m L afte r using Dr. Coffee's treatment
and said they were absorbed."
--^ Dr. Coffee has published an -'
i . \ 8&-pajre book explaining bow
» V everybody afflicted with Ca-
i tarac.ts. Granulated Lids.
W I Scums. Weak and Diseased
* s jW Eyes, can cure themselves at
J ' ftX borne, at small expense. Tho
book has wonderful photo-
lHwV*«/ \i graphs showing how tho eyes
<?*\ 7 \ look whenaiseased. The hook
.^Ol^T explains hoV to prevent bllnd-
_ . ness and eye diseases.
He sends It free to alL Write today. Sir.
Brown had cataracts on both eyes. , I cured
ulm and can cure you. . Address
V. 0. COFFEE. M. D.,928 Good BIk., Des Moines. la.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
I 6. ¦A'GKKAT KKSTOKATIVE. l^VIGUHA-
¦ tor an4 Nervine.
The most wonderfu! aptrodlstac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Orsans. lor both si»xe».
The Mexican Keraedy for Diseases or the Kid-
neya and Bladder. Sells on Its own merit*.
NABEK. ALFS &. BK ONE.. Agents*.
323 Market it.. S. P. — (Sena fur CirccUrj.)
m. HALL'S KEINYiGORATORSm^
: Steps all losses in 24 hours. .Five mSfP^mSp
hundred . reward for any case we {&*-* t *f« V
cannot cure. This secret remedy 3__ _/
curea Kmlssions, Imp Jtency , DwZ3 F^*
Varicocele. Oonorrhoea, Ctleet, jrM'.T TOli
Strictures. Drains, Lost Man- Ull-J JWk
hood and all .other wasting ef- fiyij V*c
I ects of self-abuse or - excesses. tUtSi-H'
Bern sealed. $2 bottle: .1 bottlvs. $3; guaranteed,
to cure any case. . Call or adiiresd orUer^
HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE. W5 Broad-
way. Oakland. Cal. Also for sal* at XWi\» *
Market it.. S. F. Send for fre» bo«lb
ADVEET1SEMENTS.
irrTHE~AIRT~
Iha Germs of La Grippe Are Conveyed
¦ Ihrcugli the Atmosphere.
No. one can escane the La Grippe (rerm be-
cause when an epidemic of the disease is pre-
vailing the afr is laden with it.
The reason that every one does not ha\e
the disease at the same time is because the
(rsons who are enjoying perfect health are
le , to successfully resist and throw oft the ¦
fection, while those who for any reason are
t in the best of health fall ready victims.
The. .first eymptoms are those of acute ca-
tarrh resemblinff a hard eold and if prompt
treatment is applied at this time it can easily
be broken ur>. One of the best remedies at this
et&ge I* Stuarft Catarrh Tablets, eold by
druggists eierywhera. and if taken freely, eay
one tablet every hour or two for tw(* or three
<Jayg. /the dancer of pneumonia and serious
computations will be averted.
• The Rev. L. E. Palmer. Baptist clergyman
of.Cereeco. Mich., makes a statement of inter-
?•et to all catarrh and grip sufferers. He says-
••Stuart'e Catarrh Tablet* have certainly bee-i
a blessinc to me. I have used them freely
this fall and winter and have found them a
tafeguard against La Grippe and caUrrhal
troubles from which I have suffered for years
I feel that I can freely, and conscientiously
recommend them." MMMW
Persons who auffer from catarrh of the head
and throat e.re very, susceptible to La Gripp.»
and tnich will find a. pleasant, convenient and
eafe remedy in . thi« new catarrh cure. . .
¦ Btuart's Catarrh Tablets arc composed en -
ttrely of harmless antiseptics and may be used
aa freely as necessary, aa they contain no co-
ealne, opiate or poisonoua drutr of any kind.CHICAGO,"; , March , 19.— Early in the day
whenorlces were, a little lower, on the warm
weather reports and steady cables, ; the local
crowd took . to . the buying side m the wheat
pit. *: ' Oklahoma, Texas and : Kansas persisted In
the -complaints of serious, damage to the win
ter crop. -Fairly bullish decreases of stocks In
the Northwest were reported and May wheat
which opened %@%c lower at 74%'@-74,%c, ad
vanced', on' fair commission trade to 75Uc.
The outsiders, however, did : not buy . In large
enough volume to, support ?, such : a market,
especially In view of the bearish feeling preva
lent, in the . Southwest. Rain predictions for
some of r the suffering country 1 gradually had
their effect and the. whole crowd changed front.
Wheat broke, the crowd sold, coarse grains be
gan to slip ¦ downward, and prominent longs I In'
wheat loosened .their, grip and. dropped a. good
deal of their holdings. Early there had been
much ¦ difference In ¦ the • minds of traders • re- '
garding the probable course of the market/ but
as the market turned , weak . there was . a - gen
eral hammering of prices. ¦'-•May.5 dropped to
73%o and closed weak, %c lower, at .74%c.V '•.,-,
(•Corn was bearish to start. with on the.grow
ing bearish sentiment in the Southwest and the
/.CALL; BOARD SALES. .'.?>
¦ Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock — Nar sales?:. 1 ' "
Second '¦ Session— December— 8000 ctls r $1 OS;
2000, $1 08%.- :¦:¦-, ¦.¦.-';'. / : .'• -
'.; .Regular -Morning Session — May— 2000 ctls.
$1 11; 4000. $1 -.10%. - :,¦ v '.- . ' .- .-. . .
Afternoon Session — December — 10,000 ctls,
$107%. i -¦¦-/•' r.iV ¦' ' .. r - -' • :¦¦¦; •¦•. .
¦ : BARLEY— Quotations - continue to settle'
slowly.and 93%c '.was .the top price asked for
feed yesterday, with 92%c bid. ¦: The. market
continued dull, as buyers held off. . : ,
Feed < 92 %@93% c f or No. - 1 and 00c for i off
grades; brewing and shipping grades, U5@«7U e .
Chevalier, 95c@$l 20 per ctl. -..
., "-CALL (BOARD '.SALES. • \ Y. ,':
¦ : Informal ' Session— 9 :15 o'clock— No ' sales..
* Second Session — No sales. ;'"; ; ¦>*v;,.v v."
VI Regular Morning •¦¦ Session— December — 10,000
ctls, :.77%c;,'20O0, :77V4e.
.-.. Afternoon : Session — No ¦ sales. -
, OATS— There : is "nothing new > to report, the
market continuing dull.- - ' ..; ¦¦¦•¦:¦ 'i:-. •
Grays, $1 3y@l 40; whites. $1 ' 30®l' 45; Sur-.
WHEAT — Paris, futures / were higher; again,
but Liverpool futures were unchanged.
Chicago . was :' weak, ; declining, from -. 75c > to
73%c- All neighboring markets were tame, an J
a good many crop . damage reports came -in.
There . were " no buyers , on this account, - how
ever, aa showers .were predicted ¦ for : the ¦ mor
row. There was a good cash demand there
and at the seaboard, and the cash situation
was steadily 1 Improving. :The decline In - corn,
however, had a tendency to affect - wheat. I A
house with Wall ; street- connections bought 1 -
000.000 bushels. The speculative market: was
weak,./ owing to vigorous selling for /profes
sional and Stfl Louis account, in spite of a re
duction ; of 115,000 ' bushels in I St. | Louis stocks
in two days.-. Chicago ; worked 200,000 bushels
for export.' , ¦-¦ -•.:¦ ' ' • '.
In this market futures were off, but spot
prices remained unchanged. .-- . '-..',. •-,
,Spot : Wheat — Shipping, . $1 11% ; milling,
81 12V4@1 10 per ctl. :-* :• . -' , ' .
Wheat and Other Grains.
The, Bank of California has drawn two large
checks In partial settlement of the transfer of
the Market Street Railroad to the" United Rail
ways of San Francisco; one for over $2,000,000
In the early part of rhe month, and one for
$3,400,000 during the past few days.
Sterling Exchange. GO days ...... — $4 8G
Sterling Cablea, sight... — 4 SS
Sterling , Cables .....•..:.."... — 4 89 "
New York : Exchange, sight . .. , — 05
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — .07%
Silver, per ounce ................ — ¦ ' 5'<%
Mexican Dollars, nominal.... — , 45^
Exchange' and Bullion.
' Oranges were quiet in the open market," ow
ing 'to the large offerings at the auction, ¦ but
all grades were quoted steady at . unchanged
iirlces • At the auction 6 cars were sold as fol
lows 1 Fancy^ Navels. $1 70@2 45; choice do,
*l 40<31 U5; standard do, 05c®$l SO;. Fancy
Seedlings, $1 2501 65. and S0c©$l 20 for. stan
dard.; Some small lots or standard Lemons
•were sold' from 85c to $1 per box.
Lemons and Limes were quiet under plenti
ful supplies. The Panama steamer is at hand
•with 34U cases ¦ Limes. .
> I APPLES— *2©2 25 per box for extra, $1 25®
1 75 for good to choice and 00c@$l for ordl
na ciTRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges, 75c@$l 30
for standard. ?1 25@2 for choice and $2 25@2 75
for fancy; extra fancy, $3; Seedlings, $1 25®
1 75- Tangerines, in quarter boxes, 75c@$l and
Si 50(52 "in half boxes;; Malta Bloods, $1 25@,
1 50 in half boxes; Lemons.:, 75c@$l- for
common and $1 25® 1 75 for good to choice and
$2{t'> 50 for 1 fancy ; Grape . Fruit. $2©3 ; Mexi
can Limes, $0@-7: Bananas. $1 125@2 per bunch
for New Orleans and $1@2 -for Hawaiian;
Pineapples, $3«M per dozen.
Dried Friiits/Nuts and Raisins.
' FRUITS— Apricots, 9@llc for ¦ Royals, and
10@13c tf or :i standard . to fancy, Moorparks;
Evaporated , Apples, 8®Oc; sun dried, 5c;
Peaches 0V4©8Wc: Pears, &® 9c; Plums; pitted,
5®(ic- ur.pltted, 1%®2%c;- Nectarines, 5%@Uo
for red and 5%@0c for white; flgs," 4%c for
black' and' 5%@6c for white.. '. ,' - ¦:, "
PRUNES — 1901 crop . are quoted as follows:
30-40's 6©6%c; 40-50's, 4%@5iic; 60-60-s. .4&
©4%c:' 00-70- 8. 3%@4%c; 70-80' s. 3%®3%c; 80
90's 2 !V i@3Uc: 90-100" s,'2%@2%c per lb. . -
RAISINS— Seeded, 3-crown,'8c; 2-crown, 6U
Gifl^ic- Loose -Muscatels.'. 6%c for 4-crown and
5 We for seedless; 3-crown, 6c;- 2-crown, 6%e;
Seedless Sultanas, 5%c for unbleached and 7®
8VJC for bleached. Clusters — Imperials, $3; De
hesa, $2 60; Fancy." $1 75; London Layers,
$1 KUTS—^Chestnuts/ <ll@12c; Walnuts, No.' 1,
BoftsheU, 9%®10c; No. 2. 8@8%crN6. 1 hard
shell 0c : «No. • 2:> -7c i- Almonds. 10%@12c ; for
naper-shell, 9@10c for softshell and C@7c -, for'
hardshell; -Peanuts.' 5@7c for. Eastern; Brazil.
Nuts?' 12@12%c; Filberts. 12@12%c; Pecans, 11'
(S13C- CocoanutS.-. $3 60@5. .,"'•< -.-¦¦:
-HONEY — Comb..ll@12o for bright and 9@llc
for light^ amber; ..water " white extracted, 5®
6c- light camber extracted, 4®5c;dark, 4c.
perlb.
'¦/¦¦: • Provisions.
Chicago reported trade.' light, • except In : Ribs
and .Lard,; which, were In good demand, with no
pressue • of : offerings. ' : The . markets was slightly
higher on the day.". :>>/.'•'.. ' y-\J. ]:':'¦ /¦ *¦ .' .
•¦ There. was 'nothing. new in this market. •
CURED" MEATS^-Bacon, ! .': 12c ' : per lb for
heavy," 12J.Sc: for light medium,-13%c for light.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Alaska Packers* continued to decline on ¦ the
morning . session of the Dond Exchange, sell-
Ing at tlC9@15S 50. The cause: of the decline
Is now said to be threatened friction with the
Chinese and Italian fishermen up north, though
the street seems rather hazy about It. The
Sugar stocks were easy. Paauhau selling at $11.
Honokaa at $11 and Makaweli at $24 50. There
was nothing new in the oil - stocks.
- In the afternoon Alaska Packers' was stead
ier, but : Makawell was off still further at $24,
and Oceanic sold down to, $37. Spring Valley
.Water was weaker, declining to $01 73.
The Home-^ake Mining Company will pay the
regular monthly and extra dividends of 25c per
share each on the 25th, amounting to $105,000.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
• WEDNESDAY. March 10— 2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS. ; .
Bid. Ask. I \ Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup... 112 113 4s qr c (new)139"4l;l9*;
48 qr reg.. ..Ill lllVi 3s qr coup. ..lCO^llO
v MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W Co. 76%1(W Oc SS Co 5s. — 102 ¦
Bay CPC 5s. 107 — Ombus 'C es.131
Cal-st 5s..-. .116% — Pac G Im 4s. 93% 97
C Costa 5s.. — lllfc Pk&C H Cs.107 « —
Ed L&P6s.. — — Pk&O R 6s. 117 120
FeriCH 6s. 116 "— , Pwl-st R 6s:117 —
Geary-st 5s..-, — — — Rao EGR 5s. 95tt 97
H C&S 5%s. — ¦ — BF & SJV5s. 123%124
-Do 6s — 09»/i Silerra Cal6s. 105^110
. £ Ang R 5s. 12054121 Vi'BP of A 6a - -, .
LALCoBs. — — (1900) . .i.113% •£-¦¦
,'Do gtd fis. — — • (1910) ....114%114%
• Do gtd 5s. — 100% B P of Cal Cs
L A & P 5s. 102 .— (19O5)Sr A.1O»% —
Do lem 5s.102Vj — (1005)Sr B. 110^110%
Mkt-st C 6s. 126% — (1906) ,...112% —
Do lem 5s. 119% — (1912) 12214 —
N R of C 6s. 111% — . B P of Cal 1st
«Do:5s .. ..123^4 — cgntd 5s.l20 :'
N Pac C 6s.lOS% — t»o 8tmpd.lll%
N Cal R 5s.ll2Vi — 8P Br Calfls.UO - — ; "
Oak Gas es.112%114: !U V Wat 6s. — 11114
Oak. Trn Cs. 122%.— Do 4s '....102% —
Do 1st c5s. — 112Vjl Do4s 3dm. 102
Oak W G 5s. — 103V* Rtkn GAEOs.102 104
WATER STOCKS. -
Contra Coeta 76 77% /Port Costa.. 63% 66 *
Marin Co.... 00 /Spring Val.. 01% 92^
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. 2% — Pac Light. . . 43 .— .
Eqt GLCo. Itii 3% Sac E G&RS 25 ,11 .
Mutual ,.:..— 5 S F G & E. 44 45 ¦
O G L & H. 56% 57% S F O L Co. .CV4 5%
Pac G Imp.. 36% 39 I Btktn G & E. .8 — -
V :, INSURANCE.
Firem' s Fnd. 257 ' 275 '-.*
.BANKS.
Anglo-Cal .. 88% — LP&A.J..160 170
California T ..422Vi — Mer Ex (llq) 1S% —
Cal Safe Dp.ll7_H'— S F Natlonl.137% —
First Natlonl — ¦ J -^^ f- ?-- .-. -
•. ' SAVINGS BANKS.
German .. ..1990 ' — '¦ . Sav & Loan. — . 100
Humboldt :. — '.' — Security Sav.320 375 -
Mutual Sav. 70 - 1 - Union -Trust. — 2200
S F Sav U.. 515 —
.*:.-- ': '.' STREET RAILROADS.
"California .'. — 175 ' Market '. 99% —
.Geary ....... — — ! Presidio . .'.. '— 40
Weather Report.
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. March 1»— $ p. m.
The followlnr arc the f«asonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of same date lavt
¦eason. and rainfalls In last 24 hours:
Last ' This" Last
Ftctions— 21 hours. . season, season.
Eureka. 06 • 42.54 40.17
Red Bluff 20 27.13 22 17
Sacramento 04 15.81 17.19
Ran Frmnclsco...... .05 16.67 18 ?S)
Fresno 02 a. 86 10.28
Independence .00 ' 4.05 8.61
Baa Luis Obiepo 38 18.78 27.62
Los Angeles .40 9.69 14.10
6an Diego 26 4.63 8.66
Ean Francisco data — Maximum temperature,
66; minimum, 46; mean, 6L
THE COAST RECORD.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures were reported from Eastern stations:
noetoa, 42-26; Cincinnati. 32-20: Philadelphia.
28-22; Washington. 28-18; Jacksonville.- 64-38;
New York. 82-22; Kansas City. 42-34; Omaha,
4C-34; Chicago, 26-24; Duluth, 30-26; St. Louis,
::c-2S; Salt Lake City, 66-42.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
. . FORECAST, '
The Dreasure has risen ranidly over the en
tire coast. The disturbance has passed east
v.ard and is now over Colorado and New Mex
ico. Enow or rain has fallen In Utah . and
Ariscna and hlsrh westerly winds are reported
in these districts. The temperature has risen
ever California and has fallen about 10 de
crees from ; Salt Lake City to Yuma. '.-.-'
Conditions are favorable for frosts Thursday
morning in California and deciduous, fruit
growers should smudge. .'• •
Forecast made at Ban Francisco for 30 boars -
ending midnight March 20, 1902:
Northern California — Fair Thursday; light
northerly winds; heavy frosts Thursday morn-
Southern' California — Fair Tburtflay; light -
NEW. YORK, March 19.— Evaporated applea
show no change from the quiet condition pre
vailing yesterday: sales are chiefly for'job
bing account and light. Better grades are
firm; lower qualities steady. State, common
to good. 7@8%c; prime, 9&c; choice, 9W@10c;
fancy. 10%@llc . -. Z
. The demand for California dried fruits ts fair
though without particular" feature.' < . Prunes
hold, firm on large sizes, but . no more than
steady on small. Apricots and peaches aro
moderately active, without change in ¦- prices.
PRUNES — 3%@7c. ¦..-.. . . -.
APRICOTS — Royal, 10@14c; Moorpark 11 u
@12^O.-' :•¦¦-. ... - V '
PEACHES— Peeled, 14@18c; unpeeled. 8@10c
DRIED FRUITS,
# . » »
NEW YORK. March 19.— FLOUR— Receipts,
21,000 barrels; exports, 60,540 barrels; Inactive
and 6@10o lower to sell.'
WHEAT — Receipts, SSiK) bushels; exports,
20,100 bushels; spot was easier. No. . 2 red,
86c elevator; No. 2 red. SSe'f. o. b. afloat; No.
1 Northern Duluth, S2%c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1
hard Manitoba, 8G%c f. o. b. afloat. The pre
vailing tendency of wheat was downward all
day. resulting in heavy liquidation and short
account operations, all based on predictions for
more rain. in the Southwest, including Kan
sas. Easier English cables increased the bear
ish feeling and the clc.se was . weak at %c
net decline. March closed at 79%c; .. May,
70 13-l€@80 15-lCc, closed at 80c; July, 80 3-10
©81 '4c.- closed at 80%c; September, 79V4@80V<.c,
closed 79%c. • . .
HOPS — Steady. -. . --.
HIDES— Steady.
WOOL — Firm.
COFFEE: — Spot Rio, quiet: JNo. 7 invoice,
594c; mild quiet: Cordova, 8©12c. Futures mar
ket closed steady, net unchanged to 10 points
higher. Total sales were 9750 bags, Including:
March, 6.10c; May, 5.30cj* June, 6.40; July,
5.50c; September, 5.70@5.75c; December, 6 00c
SUGAR — Raw, firm. Fair refining. 2 15-lCc;
centrifugal. 06 test; 3 7-I0c. Molasses sugar,
2 11-ltJc. Refined, steady. :;,:•¦¦
LARGE PRODUCE FIRM
QUITS DAIRY EXCHANGE
Wheaton, Pond &' Harrold Resign
From Membership in That Body
for Personal Reasons.
The firm of Wheaton, Pond & Harro!d
resigned as a member of the Dairy Ex
change on Tuesday last. No reason waa
assigned for this action, and all sorts of
rumors were at once afloat as to the fu
ture business intentions of the firm.
"The reason for our resignation," eald
Edward B. Pond yesterday, "was entirely
of a personal nature. We have resigned
and purpose to continue in the business
in the even tenor of our way. That is all
I have to say about the matter."
"While we are sorry to lose the firm
as a member of the Dairy Exchange "
said. President F. W. Van Slcklen. "we do
not know anything of the reasons that
prompted this move. We might lose one
or a dozen firms In this way and it would
not affect the exchange. This resignation
has only served to bring the remaining
members closer together." .
Civil Service Examinations.
The United States Civil Service Com
mission announces that on April 22, 1302
an examination will be held at San Fran
cisco and .: other places for the position
of special laborer, qualified as blue prin
ter, bureau' of construction and repair
Navy Department at a salary of $2 per
diem. Ape limit, 20 years or over. Sam
ples of . work and affidavit as to their
genuineness must be submitted with th«
application for examination. Persons who
desire to compete. should at once apply
either to the United States Civil Service
Commission, "Washington, D.. C, or to th»
secretary, of the local board of examiners,
Postoffice, for application form 1093, which
should be properly executed and, with the
samples and affidavit required, filed with
the commission prior to the hour cf clos
ing business on -April 12,-,1902.
'. : . "'""¦»¦"" • :
Embezzles . Mandolins.
, Gatty Jones, 819 Market street, secured
two warrant* from Judge Mogan yester
day, one for -the. arrest of J. w E. Harper
and the other, for the arrest of M. H.
Foote and Charles Selfert. Harper Is ac
cused of embezzling two mandolins of the
value of $20, which he pot from Jones on
March 1. and Foote and Selfert with em
bezzling two mandolins, which they got
March 5. The police believe that the men
gave false names and used the Instru
ments in tricking saloon-keepers into buy
ing them by a scheme that was success
fully worked , with a violin on 'a 1 Polk
street saloon-keeper about two weeks ago.
• ¦ • ? ¦ — ; —
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
J R Mitchell & w. la F P Holmes L Denver
H A Strong &- w. la R C White. Sacto
I, C Morrill. Iowa a R Walker. Hay ward
XV, Gibson * w. Seattle S P Stlckney. Boston
'French. Portland W Stlckney & w, Bostn
Mrs Austin, Seattle J W Smith.' Ange! Isld
J R Pl»ger. Montana W Goodrick. Omaha ¦
J Reser. w & 3 chll- Mrs Nelson. Idaho .
- dren. . Santa Rosa G B Hudson. TemM
M Weiner & w. Ark
Receipts of Produce.
FOR WEDNESDAY. MARCH 10.
Flour, qr sks 12..1C0 Middlings, sks.. 447
Wheat, ctls fl,5.Tt Hay,- tons 3JK1
Barley, ctls 2.6P0 Hops, bales..... C5
Oats, ctls. .300 Wool, sks 53
Bfans, sks Ka Pelts, bdls...... 71s
Corn, ctla S13 Hides. No 370
Potatoes, sks.... 8.1S2 Leather, rolls... 171
Onions, sks ROO Wine, frala C4 000
Buckwheat, sks. 500 Lime, bbls 273
Bran, sks 2.210 Sugar, ctls 623
There was no further decline In Butter, but
the feeling continued weak, with " ample sup
plies, and buyers 'offish. Cheese was quoted de
pressed, with' excessive supplies.' -
Eggs seem to be getting steadier again. Tha
heavy purchases out in . the country by those
operators who are placing large lines In cold
atoraee are having some effect on 'the- market, '
and while receipts are still large, stocks on
commission merchants' floors show, some reduc
tion. It must not bo Inferred; however, that 1
supplies are light, for there are still about all I
the Eggs here that the market can 'take care
of, and about half of the dealers complain of
""Receipts were 39.40,0 pounds tubs of But- 1
ter 109" cases of Eggs, i:t.600 pounds of Call- ;
fornla CheeBe '¦ pounds of Oregon , Cheese j
an d _ pounds, of Eastern Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamery. 24©25c per pound for
fancy 2:J©23Vic for firsts and 21 l 322V4c for sec
onds;' dairy, 10S>22e; store Butter, 16@18c per
I0 CHEESE — New, 0%®10%c; old, 0®llc;
Young America, ,8®10c; Eastern. 10®15o per
I>O EGGS— Ranch, 10@10%c for selected large
and. 15@15Vic for good to choice; store, 13VjQ)
14vic oer dozen. . • -' . ¦ . N ...
¦ ' -
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
POULTRY — Live Turkeys. ; 13@l-lc for Gob- j
biers and 15@16c for Hens; Geese, per pair,
$1 50@l 75; Goslings, $2 25@2 50; Ducks. $3 j
©5 50 for, old and'$7@S for young; Hen3, $4 &0
f!5 50; young Roosters, $6@>7; old Roosters,
4 25@4 50; Fryers, $5^5 50; ' Broilers, $4@
4 50 for large and $3@3 50 for small r Pigeons.
$1 50 per dozen for old and ¦ $2 75@3 for
Squabs. ' : - : • ¦
GAME — Hare. $1; Rabbits. $1 50 for Cotton
tails and $1 for Brush: Gray Geese. $2 50fl:;;
White Geese. 75c@$l; Brant. $1©2 pnr dozen;
Honkers. $3®4'; English Snipe,. $3@3 50; .Jack
Snipe. $1 6062.
j The. market was & shade, firmer." .' Receipts 'of,
California were liberal and . one more car, of
Eastern was put on, making the fourth since
Monday, but the demand was brisk for all de
scriptions and the market cleaned up well.
Game sells fairly well, but the demand is
nothing extra. Receipts were 38 sacks.
Poultry and Game.
WEDNESDAY;. March 19—4 p. m.
Bid.Ask. Bid Ask
Alpha 02 03 Justice 08 0»
Alta 04 06 Kentuck ....; 01 02
Andes ..: 04 05 Lady Wash... 04
Belcher 0»J 07 Mexican 33 3.1
Best & Belch. 2« 27 Occidental ... 07 CO
Bullion 02 OS Ophir 05 07
Caledonia.... 43 , 47 Overman 08 10
Challenge Con 17 - 19 Potosi 13 14
Chollar OO 10 Savage 05 00
Confidence ... 61 64 Scorpion . . — - 04
Con C & Va..l 25 1 30 Ses; Belcher.. 02 (Xi
Con Imperial.. — 01 Sierra Nev... 13 1*
Con New York 02 03 Silver Hill... 68 «i>
Crown Point.. 05 06 St Louis 0« 10
Eureka Con.. IS — Syndicate . . . . o<«
Exchequer ... 01 02 Union Con. ... 28. 27
Bould & Curry 09 10 Utah 08 07
Hale & Norc. 2a 30 Yellow Jacket 13 la
Julia — 04
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
300 Best & Belch. 20> 200 Gould A Curry 00
200 Best & Belch. 27j 300 Mexican . 33
200 Caledonia .... 45: 600 Potosi 14,
200 Caledonia 47 1 600 Sierra Nev... IS
400 Con C & V.I 27%' 600 Sierra Ner... U
Afternoon Session.
200 Best & Belch. 2«, 300 Overman .... 10
20O Challenge Con 18 100 Sierra Nev . 13
100 Con C & V.I 27% 100 Sierra Nev... U
200 Gould & Curry 09 500 Silver Hill... -60
100 Hale & Norc. 20 200 Silver Hill... 5i>
Morning Session.
Following- were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
200 Best & Belch. 27 • 100 Overman 09
100 Hale & Norc. 28J 600 Sierra Nev.. 14
100 Mexican 33; 200 Union Con.... 20
50 Mexican 32|
Afternoon Session.
Morning Session.
100 Chollar 1O 600 Savage . 08
400 Con C & Va..l 25: 3CO Siena. Nev... 14
6^ p o e tUr: .•:::.: fill YeUaw Jacket 17
Following were the sales In tha San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
MINING STOCKS.
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board —
100 Home 355
1000 Lion 07
300 Occidental of W Va 10
500 Reed Crude St
Afternoon Session.
Board —
300 Home 3 55
100 Junction ig
1000 Lion 07
60 Occidental of W Va 19
200 Peerless 6 60
200 Peerless (b 90) 6 75
100 Sterling 1 20
50 Thirty-three 7 75
I Wheat — March.. y ' May. . '"July. •
Opening 0.1% : 6 %- > • C 6%
Closing 0 1% V.,; ; 6;% 6 .
.:. ~ . ' ' PARIS.' '-".'. . ¦'.'. V •¦>.'•.'¦; ; - ¦'..
Wheat— ¦ . March. May- Aug.
Opening ...;. 2160 22 45
Closing .....;.,... ..21 75 ,. 22 55;'
Flour — ']'¦ ' '•¦ ¦¦'¦ ¦ -.-'¦r:J';
Opening ..'.....i...........:20 CO .'. . 27 50 ,
Closing '.....:.'. 26 75 . .; 27 70".
New York 'Metal^Market::;] :•
NEW YORK, March 10.— Light offerings, of
spot .tin and a good advance" in "quoted .values
at London caused a rise here, -making f closing!
prices for spot 20%. ¦ London gained 15s,-end
ing with spot at £115 15s and futures at £112 ''
,7s 6d. . ¦ .:¦¦? ¦ ¦;. ¦ ¦ - ¦:..,. , •
Copper was ',&c lower on. the Inside -price for
lake, the respective quotations being 12@12%c
and 12@12%c for electrolytic. . Casting was
quoted at 12@12Vic. ' . ' . ,
Lead ruled steady but . unchanged here at
4Vic and unchanged in London at £11 10s.
3 Spelter had a steady tone here and was un
j changed at $4.35, whereas London was 2s Gd
j lower at £17 12s Cd. ......
I Iron was steady. Pig iron warrants nominal-
I No. 1 foundry "Southern. $18 50@19;' No 2
foundry Northern, $li*@19; No.- 1 foundry
Southern soft, $17 50@18. ' . "
Abroad prices were slightly higher, Glasgow
closing at 52s Id and Middlesboro at 46s Cd.
I NezuYork Cotton Market.
.;,..¦¦;¦'.> ¦ ' ' '- . •• ;',-
NEW YORK, March 10. — Cotton closed net
unchanged to 3 points lower.
Eastern Livestock Market.
CHICAGO, March 10.— CATTLE— Receipts,
j 20,000; steady to 10c lower; good to prime
' steers, $6 75<i|7 35; poor to medium, $6@0 25;
j stockers and feeders, $2 50g5 25; cows. $1 25®
! 6 50; heifers. $.5 50@6; canners. $1 £5@2 30;
. bulls, $2 00@5 15; calves, $3@G 85; Texas fed
steers. $4 75©6. • -
HOGS — Receipts to-day. y 30,000; to-morrow,
31,000; left over, 5C0O head; market tor bulk,
steady to strong; mixed and butchers, $6 10#
6 57%; good, to choice heavy, $6 *O@0 CO;
rough heavy. $0 10@« 35; light. $5 05@6 35;
bulk of sales, ?(! 15©6 40.
SHEEP— Receipts. 14.000; sheep and lambs.
stronger; higher; good to choice wethers, $4.75
@5 50; fair to choice mixed, $4 25@5; Western
sheep. $4 75©6; native lambs, ?4@6 75; West
! era lambs, $5 25@U 75.
ST. JOSEPH.
ST. JOSEPH, Mo, March 10. — CATTLE —
Receipts, 1100; steady; natives, $5 15®<S 00;
cows and. heifers, $1 60@5 75; veals, $3 50@6;
stocker3 and feeders, $2 25ft 5 25 ¦ = . . '. .
HOGS— Receipts, 6000; steady; light and
light mixed. $5 00@C 30; pigs, $3 75@5 15. '
SHEEP — Receipts, 2500; . strong; Western
lambs, $5 75<g6 60; Western sheep, $4 25@5 S5.
• Northern Wheat Market. • ' '
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. March 10.— Wheat— Quiet and un
changed; Bluestein, CCci^Club, 65c.
OREGON. • .
PORTLAND, March 19. — Wheat— Walla
Walla. U4@C0c; Blue.stem. 66@CG%c; Valley.
6o@05%c.
London Wool Sales/ ¦' : . \
LONDON, March 10.— The, 'offerings, at . the .
wool auction sales to-day numbered ¦ 15,817
bales, • Including a good selection of fine New-
South Wales, Queensland and Victoria, Com
petition was 'spirited and good prices were paid
for some grades. American buyers secured
some parcels of merinos and crosB-brod».' , _, ¦ ¦
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, March 10. — Consols, 03 ll-10®03% ;
silver. 24 13-16d; French ; rentes. ICOf 02%c;
wheat cargoes on pasrage, easier and neglected;
No. 1 standard California, 20h Ud; Walla Walla,
29s 3d; English country markets,- part dearer.
LIVERPOOL. March 19.— Wheat, quiet;
wheat in Paris, ' firm; flour In Paris, firm;
French country markets, quiet and steady;
weather In England, \ fine; cotton, uplands,
4 27-32d.,.. ;:¦:„..,;.•: : ¦ ¦ ...V,.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Reflnlnsr Com
pany quotes as follows, per pound. In 10O-lb
bags: Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed.
4.W!c; Powdered. 4.35c; Candy Granulated,
4.35c; Dry Granulated Fine. 4.25c; Dry Granu
lated Coarse. 4.25c; Fruit Granulated, 4.23?;
Beet Granulated (100-lb bags only), none;
Confectioners' A, 4.25c; Magnolia A. 3.85c;
Extra C. 3.75c: Golden C, 3.C5c; "D,"
3.65c: barrels, 10c more: half-barrels. 25c morr:
boxes. 50c more; 50-lb bags, 10c more, for all
kinds. Domtnos — Half-barrels. 4.75c; box*a
5c r>er lb. No order taken for lesa than 75
barrels or its eaulvalent.
COAL OIL — Water White Coal Oil. in bulk.
13%e: Pearl Oil. in cases. 20c; Astral. 20r;
Star, 2Cc; Extra Star. 24c; Elaine. 25c; Eocepe,
l'2c; deodorized stove Gasoline. In bulk, 15c; In
cases, 21 %c; Benzine, in. bulk, 14c; in cases,
'20%c: M-desree Gasoline, In bulk, 20c; In
cas^v. 26%c.
TURPENTINE— 70c per gallon In cases and
C4c In drums and iron barrels.
¦ OIL— California Castor Oil. in cases. No. • 1.
70o; pure. $t 20; Linseed Oil. in barrels, boiled,
70c: raw. 74c: cases, 5c more; Lucol. 66c for
boiled • rnd 64c for raw; In barrels: Lard Oil.
extra, winter strained,- barrels, 85c; cases,- 90c;
China Nut, 57%@B8o per gallon? » pure Neats
foot. In barrels, 70c; cases, 75c; Sperm, pure,
C5c; Whale Oil. natural white, 40@50c per gal
lon; Fish Oil, barrels, 42%c; cases, 47%c;
Cocoanut Oil. barrels, 63y.c for Ceylon and
GS%c for Australian.
"Since the Sierra sailed (February 8) the fol
lowing vessels have arrived from Newcastle,
N. S. W., viz: Rahane. 2573 tons; Dechmont,
2(392 tons; Pomona, 1790 tons; Marie Molina?,
2500 tons; Benlarlg, 2657 tons; Pitcalrn Island,
2204 tons; total, 14.416 tons. There are at
present thirty-one vessels to transport coal from
Newcastle,""?*. S. W., to this port, with a car
rying capacity of 90,000 tons; some of these
vessels will not reach their loading port for
three'or four months. With a vessel Just char
tered to carry grain to Europe at 22s 6d It
would be supposed . that no vessels would seek
this port, unless they secured fancy rates for
coal carrying, whereas the last Australian
quotations for coal freights are less than 10s
per ton, and several vessels offering. The ask
ing prices for colonial grades are lower than
for some time past, and the outlook Is not
encouraging for early improvement, especially
for such coals as are only adapted for steam
uses. A. few cargoes of Wallsend or East Greta
near at hand or fully due would \ bring full
prices, as any character of fuel suitable for
domestic uses is in demand; the yards here are
nearly all without any stocks on hand. The
latest reports from British Columbia state that
the output from the Wellington colliery will
shortly amount to all this market will need
for household purposes. Fuel oil still holds Us
supremacy where steam energy Is. required, and
is dally, gaining new consumers, aa Us price
still remains low."
-iCOAL — Wellington. $D . per ton; Southfield
Wellington. $9; Seattle, $0 50; Bryant, $6 50;
Koslyn, $7; Coos Bay, $o CO; Wallsend, $S 5U;
Co-operative Wallsend. $8 50; Cumberland, $12
In bulk and $13 23 in sacks; Pennsylvania An
thracite Egg, ; V.'elsh Anthracite,. $14;
Cannel, $11 per ton; Coke. $15 per ton In bulk
and $17 In sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions,
$8 45 per 2000 lbs and $S 50 per ton. according
to brand. ¦ ' .
BAGS— Grain Bags, June and July, 6c; San
Quentln, 5.55c; Wool Bags. 32@35c; Fleece
Twine. 7%@Scv
General Merchandise.
of consolidation, but both.- of these reacted
sharply. American Ice rebounded 2% from its
recent violent decline. In the railroad list
Chicago, Indianapolis and Louisville was
rushed up 4% en distinctly formulated rumors
that it was to be placed on a 4 per cent
dividend basis. Late in the day St. Louis and
San Francisco eprang Into activity and strength
with an advance of nearly 4 points, due to
published reports that the company contem
plated an extension to the Pacific Coast. There
was some .late strength also in Atchison, which
wa» practically the only railroad stock of first
importance which moved as much as a point.
The rise of 2% In Sugar was due to the agree
ment reached at Washington on the question
of the Cuban sugar tariff and also to the cer
tificate of condition filed with the Massachu
setts Secretary of State showing large increase
in resources. Meantime there were wide de
clines in stocks which have enioyed recent
periods of istrengrth. the losses being caused by
.the marketing ot only a-few .shares. Among
these were losses of 4 points each in Chicago '
and ' Northwestern preferred and Glucose pre
ferred, a in EvansvUle and Terre Haute and
a point or more in various others. Wells-
Fargo dipped 7U on one transaction and rallied
3% on another. These violent movements
caused bo much confusion and distrust among
spectators that the trading became neglected.
Anxiety also was renewed regarding the im
mediate future of the money market, which
' rhowed a hardening tendency to-day. The
; conference of coal miners at Shamokln was
also an unsettling influence.
The bond market was rather dull and lrregu»
lar. . Total sales, par value. $2,015,000.
Umt«aX. States bonds were all unchanged on
the last call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stock— Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atchison 23,400 77% 70 77%
Atchison pfd 5,400 97% »0?4 87%
Baltimore & Ohio.. 21,300 107 IOC lOttJi
Bait & Ohio pfd... 100 94% 94% 94
Canadian Pacific... 3,400 116 115% 115%
Canada Southern S7%
Chesapeake & Ohio 2.100 4tj% 45% 45? 4
Chi & Alton 300 30 35% 36<h
Chi & Alton pfd... 000 75% 75% 75
CM Ind & Louis... 11.400 66% 62% ««Vi
Chi Ind & Louis pf SOO 79% 78% 79
Chi & Eastern III. 300 100 1<W 159 Vi
Chi & Gt Western. 1,700 24H 24 24'i
Chi & Gt W A pfd. 100 87% 87% 87
Chl & Gt W B pfd 45
Chi & N W 1,500 232 229% 232
Chi R I & Pac... 1,200 171% 171 171
Chi Term & Tran. 300 18% 18% lbU
i Chi Term & T pfd. 000 35% 35 34 %
C C C 4 St Louis." 200 103-ty 102 lOHi
Colo Southern 6,900 27% 27 27Vi
Colo South 1st pfd. 600 71% 71% 71 -L
Colo South 2d pfd. 400. 43 42% -J-"/i
Delaware &. Hudson 200 .172% 172% 17244
Del Lack & West 284
Denver & R O.... 100 43% 43% 43%
Denver & R Q pfd. 000 91% 01% 01%
Erie : S.300 37% 37 37
Erie 1st pfd 3.100 ( Oifr C8% li»
Erie 2d pfd 2.«00 65i4 54% 55%
Gt Northern pfd.. 100 1S5 165 184%
Hocking Valley 1,300 . 71Vi 71 70%
Hocking Valley pf. 300 86Vi hOVi . 80
Illinois Central.... 400 140 130% 139%
Iowa Central 700 49% .49%. 40
Iowa Central pfd.. 600 J>3 82% 62 Vi
Lake Erie & West. 100 69 6i) ti'^i,
L E & West pfd ,' J.i'J
Louis & Nash 700" 104% 104 104
Manhattan Elevat. 17. C00 134% 133V* 134%
Met Street Ry 14,100 1(39% 1C8 lOSVa
Mexican Central... 2.000 30% 29% 29%
Mexican National.. 1,700 20% 20 20
Minn & St Louis... 300 110% 110H ' 110
Missouri Pacific... 4,900 101 Vi 100%' 100%
Mo Kan & Tex... 100 24Vi 24Vi 24
Mo Kan & Tex pfd .... 54
New Jersey Central .... 190
New York Central. 1,400 163% 1C2V* 162-V
Norfolk & Western. 1,400 6.7 56% 56%
Norf & West pfd.. . 1)0%
Ontario & Western 500 33% 32% 33
Pennsylvania 7,700 151% 151 151 V4
Reading 11,700 66% 66 « 56
Reading 1st pfd 1.&00 ,81V* 80% 81
Reading 2d pfd... 3,900 68% 67% 6754
St Louis & S F. . . 900 67 63% 66
St L & S F 1st pfd 83
St L & S F 2d pfd. 1.100 73% 73% 73%
St Louis Southwest ..... .- 26%
St Louis SW pfd 6b'/a
£t Paul 5,800 165 104% 164%
gt Paul pfd T190
Southern Pacific... 7,400 65V4 64% 65
Southern Railway.. 3,000 32% 32% 32%
Southern Ry pfd... 1,600 07 90% 96%
Texas & Pacific... 600 40% 40% 40
Tol St L & West.. . 600 22% 22V* 22 .
Tol StL&W pfd. 1.000 40% 40 33%
Union Pacific ..:.. 7,100 .09% 99% 96%
Union Pacific Pfd.. . 700 , 87% S6% 87Vi
Wabosh • • 1.800 ; 24 23% 23%
Wabash ; pfd 1.100 43% 43 43Vi
Wheel & Lake Erie ¦ ..... 19V»
W & L E 2d pfd.. 200 31% • 31V4 31
Wisconsin Central.. 5,300 22% 22% 22%
WisCent Pfd~:~. 800 44V4- 43% 43?I
Express Companies^ — . •
Adams...; ........ 200
united cl sta-t«:::::'/ "i66 m" m" f?o
,Well« Fargo .:.... 200 198 195V4 195
Amalgmat Copper. 29,700 ' C3% 62% - 61U
Ani<Sr & Fndry..* 7,800 31% 31% 31%
Am" Car & F ofd... - 300 89% • .89% 89%
Am Linseed Oil-..- 4.100 25J4 24% . 24%
Am Lin Oil pfd... 100 57J4. gJH^/Mv
Am Locomotive.... 4O0 31% 3J% 31%
Am Locomot pfd.- JM.JH »3% 03$
Am Smelt & Ref.'.. 800 46% 46% . 49%
Ai^nda Mid c£ "hob 30% 30V* 80^
Br^klyn Rap Trn. 17.600'. 67% -M^ . W&
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 64,300 107 t 100- 102-
Consolidated Gas... 2,500 225% 223 Vi 224
Cont Tobacco pfd.. 2.000 123 Vi 121 121%
General Electric... 2,100 322 VJ .319 318.
Hocking Coal 100 17 17 17
Internatnl Paper... 7.200 23% 22% 2S£
Internl Paper pfd.. 3.200, 77 75% .76%
Internatnl Power.. 1.000 90% ; ' 89% 90
National G mscult.':: ViioO' 63% 62% 62%
National Lead....; 3.600 20% 19% 19%
n Am S ertca^. d :: 15.400 124% ™' A.
Pacific Coast 200 74% 74, 73
Pacific Mail ....'... 1.800 46 45 - 45%
People's Ga. ...... 3,500 102% 101% 101%
NEW YORK, March 19.— It Is not often that
the stock market witnesses such a series of
spectacular and sensational movements as It
was treated to to-day, and in rather a dull
market at that. In ¦ fact, the ' dullness in the
general list was extreme and prices of \ the
Important railroad stocks moved only with the
utmost reluctance. The usual favorites among
the industrials had a larger share in the trad
ing, both Amalgamated Copper and Sugar oc
cupying- fairly prominent places. But it was
among the stocks 'which are traded in only at
intervals of weeks as a rule that the specu
lations were fiercest and the price movements
violent. There was nothing in the way of
news to explain why buying orders for 6500
shares of Colorado Fuel should . make a .wide
opening In that stock all the way from par
to 107, - compared with 98 last night. Neither
the high point of this range nor the low point
was touched again during the day, but the
dealings continued very heavy and the fluctua
tions leverieh. Activity was revived in New
York Airbrake, with a jump of 10% In price
end a subsequent relapse of fully half that.
North American suffered from realizing after
the opening advance, but forged upward again
to 6% above last night and fluctuated wildly.
The rise of 5% In General Electslc and of 3
in WestlnKhouse Electric were due to rumors
New York Stock Market.
VEGETABLES — Asparagus, extra fancy, 14@
15c per lb, 10®12%c for No. 1 and 6(30c for No.
2; Rhubarb $1@2 per box; Green Peas, from
Los Angeles, 3©5c; Bay Peas. 4@6c; String
Beans, . from Los Angeles, . Including
Wax; Cabbace. 40c per ctl: Los, Angeles To
matoes. $1@1 50 per box and $1 25@1 75 per
crate: Mexican Tomatoes, 75c@$l 25 per box for
repacked; Dried Peppers,' lC@llc per lb; Los
Angeles do, 13®17%c; Dried Okra. -12%@?nc
per lb; Carrots 35g50c per sack; Hothouse Cu
cumbers. 75c«r$l fij> per dozen: .Garlic. 1 >•<.*<>
2%c; Los Angeles Green Peppers, 15® 20c: Mexi
can do. 10®15c; Egg Plant from Los Angeies.
¦; Summer Squash from Los Angeles, $1 75
@2; Marrowfat Squash, $10@15 per ton;
Hubbard Squash. $10@15; Mushrooms, 15@3l'c
per lb. . . .-/'/ . , . •
• • POTATOES— $1 25@1 40 for - Burbanks from
the river; Oregon Burbanks, $1 35@1 75; Ore
gon -Garnet Chiles, $1 25@1 40;- River Reds,
SI 50@l 60;. Early Rose, for seed, $1 50@l C5;
small -Burbanks, for seed,- $1 20IP1 40; Sweets,
$1 50'' for Mcrceds.
ONIONS — Oregor.s, $2@2 25 for the best and
$1 75(g2 for lower grades; Australian, $3 50©
3 75: Green On inns, E0@fi0c per box.
Receipts were 315 boxes Asparagus.' 440
Rhubarb, 181 sacks Bay Peas and 21 sacks
from Los ' Angeles. , Very . few box Vegetables
came in. 'The I Panama ' steamer, which ar
rived yesterday, ' brought 1570 boxes Mexican
Tomatoes and . 103 boxes" Green Peppers.
Fancy Asparagus and Rhubarb were steady,
as ; both were in -demand for shipping, but the
lower; grades showed some weakness. • Peas
were plentiful. and few sold at the top quota
tion. - Other Vegetables were light and con
tinued to bring good prices. -.. .: '_' / - .
• One car ' of Onions/^ came in from Oregon.
Prices show no-change, although supplies are
plentiful. : '¦ ': ' • ¦ "¦•-;"¦ \ : '
Dealers continue to quote a firm" market on
choice Burbank Potatoes. The top quotation
on Oregon" Burbanks Is lower, as strictly fancy
stock is cleaned out of first hands and availa
ble supplies, .while choice, are- below fancy.
Early Rose are weaker, as supplies are plenti
ful. One more car of Sweets came in. .making
the fifth for the week, and was held firm at tha
quotation. New Potatoes are coming In more
freely. Receipts yesterday were 23 sacks and
20 boxes/ .; ... . . V-, ' : .
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
LIVERPOOL.
•'Still another cause of uneasiness is the
labor situation and the prospects of renewed
disturbances this epnng. These three uncer
tainties — the monetary situation, the Northern
Securities deal and labor agitation — are all
adverse to any Improvement In the stock mar
ket Just now; and to them must shortly be
added a fourth, ¦ the crop outlook. When the
outlook in these respects improves and pricec
settle down tn more tempting figures, we may
expect a substantial upward movement. The
(reneral situation is sound and business in
many lines continues active, even if less profit
able than a year ago. Railroad earnings are
well sustained, except In regions suffering from
rhort com and cotton crops; and considering
the great activity of the last three years tha
continued pressure of freight both East and
West Is marvelous."
"A number of influences are adverse to the
market just now. Hank reserves are almost
down to the vanishing point, and there is Ut
tie rxpspect of any relief to.the,monetary,sit
uation, except by contraction of loans, until
the middle of April. If any forced contraction
should occur, we may expect further declines;
and In any «vent no genuine bull movement U
possible until money becomes more abundant
and easier. Very large* sums are locked up
in syndicate operations; some estimates be
ing in the neighborhood of $200,000,000 In the
New York banks alone; to say nothing of bor
rowings elsewhere. As mercantile and specu
lative demands are not extraordinary, it is
evident that the present stringency in the
money market is mainly due to the operations
of these big, strong borrower* ; and this ex
plains the comparative Indifference cf bank
ers to the phenomenal expansion in loans. If
this expansion were due to outside speculation
a very different feeling would exist In bank
ing circles than is now current; for In spite
of temporary drawbacks there are no appre
hensions regarding the future.
"Occasional epurts, but quietness and a
reneral sagging tendency, have been the feat
urea of the stock market for 6everal weeks,
and the drift still appears to be in the same
direction. Many of the big financiers are ab
sent, as usual at this period of the year;
hence Important negotiations are frequently
postponed, and market movements lack the
stimulus which such men and euch develop
ments afford. Apparently their arrangements
contemplate a firm resistance to any bear at
tacks or decided breaks, but little opposition.
If any. to gradual and moderate "recessions.
IX this Eurmiee is true, their policy Is evidently
a sound one. Values have long: been 'pegged'
at «uch an extremely high notch that the out-
Side public refused to enter the market; anu
safety, as well as profit and reason, demanded
some reaction from the 'boom' prices of 190L
The better classes of railroad Etocks have
been bo completely withdrawn from the market
by institutional and syndicate buying that in
vestors founds difficult)* in securing suitable
returns upon their money; while speculative
ventures in securities were not only unprofit
able but positively dangerous so long as pow
erful cliques were carrying big masses of se
curities which they could not sell except .at
a loss. Were it not for the united front of
these big holders we should have seen a pretty
bctive bear . campaign during the last six
months, if not before. Entrenched as they
have been, however, controlling many of the
banks, and having at command vast amounts
cf capital both at home and abroad, no • bear
leaders could be found with sufficient cour
age and strength to match such a combination.
Vet our ablest financiers with all their Ekill
and unbounded resources for manipulation
have not been able to tempt the outside pub
lic to relieve them of their burden; and now
they are apparently realizing that, if they ex
pect eucess, they must give the public some
chanc* of admitting them into general part
nership on more favorable terms. -A number
of stocks / have \;-itnessed considerable declines
from top figures, but the reaction should be
carried further if outside buying is to be ex
pected with any freedom.
The New York circular ot Henry Clews saye
GREAT FINANCIAL POWERS.
THE MARKET BEING HELD UP BT THE
The Outlook in Wall Street.
The Donohoe-Kelly Banking Company has
•lected the following directors: Adam Grant.
Joseph A- Donohoe. Eugene Kelly. John Bir
mingham, Irving M. 6cott. N. P. Cole, George
Whittel, C. de Guigne. R. H. Pease. Edward
I>on<3hoe. Adam Grant is president, Joseph A.
Donohoe vice president. Edward Donohoe cash
ier and John E. Fitzpatrick assistant cashier.
Bank Directors.
northerly winds; heavy frosta Thursday morn
ing.
Nevada — Fair Thursday; light westerly
winds.
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Thursday;
fresh westerly winds.
T ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
- -Forecast Official.
¦ ' There is no further change to report in. any
description under this head,
j BEANS— Bayos, $2 40@2 60;:^ Small White.
$2 -.7503; Large White,. $2 40@2 75; Pea, $3 50
@l; Pink. $2®2 20; Red. $2 25@2 56; Black
eye. $404 15; Llmas, $4 40@4 63; . Red Kid
nevs, $3 50@4 per ctl.'.i
SEEDS—- Trieste Mustaid,' $2 50@2 65; Tel
low Mustard, $3 25@3 50; Flax, $2 25@2 50;
Canary, -3%c for. Eastern: Alfalfa from Utah,
ioy;.@llc; California. 10@10%c; Rape, 1%©
UVic; Hemp. 3%c per-lb.
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1 C0@2; Green, $1 B0
@2; Blackeye, nominal. , . . v
Beans and Seeds.
. Afternoon Session.
Bpard — "'.'
60 Alaska Packers' Assa 158 75
10 Alaska Packers' Assn 159 25
¦ 15 Alaska Packers' Assn 159 5o
10 Alaska Packers' Assn 159 00
200 Equitable Gas 3 50
50 Makawell 24 0O
?10CO N P C R R 5 per cent bonds.... log 75
10 Oceanic S S Co , 37 CO
15 Paauhau S P Co n CO
10 S V Water «2 00
17 S V Water 91 73
Street —
J20C0 S P of Arizona (1910) ...114 62%
$2000 Cal 1st Con 5 per cent (stamped). Ill 60
POWDER.
Slant 79 ' 80% Vigorlt — 4 :.
' SUGAR. ;;•;.:
gana 3% 3% Kilauea .... 8% —
gawaiian ... — — Makaweli ... — —
Honokaa ... ¦— 11% Onomea 23 24%
Hutchinson . — 13 Paauhau .... 11 —
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack.158% 139% Pac A F A. 2% — •
Cal Fruit As. 98% — p ac C Borx.l6S —
Cal Wine As. — 100 Par Paint... 18 — * ,
Oceanic S Co 36 28
Morning Session.
Board — .-.(".•.•¦• '-if. •¦'
10 Alaska Packers' Assn 159 00
60 Alaska Packers' Assn 158 CO
5 Giant Powder Con ; 80 50
19o Honokaa Co 11di>
15 Makawell 24 50
225 Paauhau S P Co 11 0O
45 SV Water, cash. 92 25
20 S V Water 92 25
* Street—
20 Mutual Savings Bank SO CO
LAMBS — Suckling Lambs, $2 50@2 75 per
head or 5%@6c per lb livewelght; yearlings,
4%®5c per lb.
HOGS — Live Hogs, 200 lbs and under, 6@
6%c; 200 lbs and over. 5%@5%c; feeders. 5%c:
sows, 20 per cent off; boars, 30 per cent off;
and stags, 40 per cent off from tha above Quo
tations.
The following quotations are for good sound
livestock delivered at San Francisco, less 50
per cent shrinkage for cattle:
CATTLE— Steers, 8%<S9c; Cows and Heifers.
7@7%c; thin Cows, 4@5c per lb. • ¦•
i CALVES — *%@5%c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers, 4%@5c; Ewes, 3%©4c per
lb (gross weight). '.-? .
.Wholesale rates: from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows :
BEEF-*-6U<37^c for Steers and 6@7c per lb
for Cows. .
VEAL— Large, S@S%c: small. 8%@10c per
P MUTTON— Wethers. 8%®9%c; Ewes, 8@0c
per pound. .
-LAMB — Yearlings, lo@llo per lb; Spring
Lamb, 12%@14c per lb.
PORK — Dressed Hogs, 7%@9c per lb.
' .. - LIVESTOCK MAKKET. '-
All descriptions remain as previously quoted.
; DRESSED MEATS.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Cash quotations ) were -as follows :. Flour,
weak;. No. 3 spring wheat, 71%@74%c;: No.
2 red, 81%@82%c; No. 2 oats,-44U@44%c:-N(j.
2 white, 1 47047 %c; No. 3 white, 44%@46c; No.
2 rye. 58«?5S%c; fair to choice malting barley.
62065c;. .No. 1 flaxseed, • $168; No. 1 North
western, $1 72; prime timothy - seed, $6 50;
mess pork, per barrel, $15 30@15 35; lard, per
100 pounds. $9 30@9 32%; short • ribs sides
(loose), -. , $8 35®8 50; . / dry salted : shoulder*
(boxed). 7%®7Vic; short clear, sides (boxed),
$8 60@8. 70; whisky,. basis of. high wines, $1- 30;
clover, contract grade. $8 75. .-. .- ' .... ,.,
Articles — • Kecelpts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels ;.. 52,000 -29,000
Wheat, , bushels 72.000 " 48.000
Corn, * bushels .12."!,000 : 85,000
Oats, ¦• bushels ............ 168, 000"- - 102 CC.)
Rye, bushels ............. 3,000 .'1,000
Barley, bushels '..:. 1.000 • .1,000
On the Produce to-day the butter
market was firm; creameries, 20©28c; dairies
lUi?25c. . Cheese, firm, ll@12c. Eggs, steady '•
fresh, 14y.<514»4c. ... •. • ' . • ...
¦' Another decline In Bran is noted. /Middlings
are! unchanged. -Rolled : Barley is *wealt,* in
sympathy - with the raw ' grain. • ', Hay is /also
weak and while there is no actual decline It U
understood that large and close buyers can get
concessions from the quotations.
BRAN— $14@14 50 per ton.- /
•MIDDLINGS — $17 50QJ19 60 per ton. "
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $20@21 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $25@26; jobbing,
$26 50@27; Cocoanut Cake. $20@21; Corn Meal,
*.'5l!ji'o2; 'Cracked • Corn, 531 50@32'50: Mixed
Feed, ;$16©17 50: Cottonseed Meal, $26 50..
HAY— Wheat, $9@12; Wheat and Oat, $9®
11 CO; Oat, $S@11; Alfalfa, $S@11; Clover, 1 $7®
9; Volunteer, $« 5009; Stock, $0@S 50 per. ton.
STRAW — 40@65c per bale.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Silver a fraction lower again. Exchange unchanged.
Wheat futures off again. Barley continues to weaken.
Oats, Corn and Rye dull.
Bran still lower. Middlings and other Feedstuff s uncMnged.
Hay weak, with concessions made to large and close , buyers.
Beans and Seeds as previously quoted.
Potatoes and Onions continue firm.
Butter and Cheese in good supply and weak.
Eggs apparently steadier, with a good speculative demand^^m
Nothing new in Dried Fruits. ,
Provisions firmer at Chicago, but still neglected here.
Meat market shows no further change.
Poultry in good demand and firm:
Oranges, Lemons and Limes quiet.
Coal quotations stationary.
Fair trading in local stocks and bonds.
Articles — • Open. High. Low. » Close.
¦ Wheat No. 2— ¦ - .: . ¦' ••;...,-.
May ........... 74% 75% 73% 74%
July ........... .75% ¦ 76 74% .74%
September :..... 75% r 75% .. -.74% ,:. .; , 74%
i Corn Na 2 — ¦ ¦ . '¦
May ............ 61%% -61% 60%.' 61%
July .;......... 61% : 61%, 60% .60%
September ...... 69% . 59% 58% 59%
•Oats No. 2-r-- - ¦' ;
May ........... 4i% 44% 43% ' 43%
July. 36 36% 35% 35%
September..... 30% .30% 29% 29%
Mess pork, per barrel — ¦ " • -:•:•
May ..;15 37% 15 47% 15 32% 15 42%
July .......... .15 50 15 65 15 50 £ 15 62%
Lard, per 100 pounds— /;-%'..
May ........... 9 37% 9 42% 9 35 .9 40 \
July 9 47% 9 55 -. 9 47% ' 0 52%
September ..... 9 CO 9 67y 3 9 60 9 65.
Short ribs, per 100 pounds— ¦ .
May .......>...., 8 40 '.S 47% 8 40 - 8 45
July . . . ........ 8 52% ' 8 60 8 52% 8 57%
September .8 65-8 72% 8 65 8 72%
MILLSTUFFS — Prices In : sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade:' Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal. $3 25;
extra cream do, $4; Oat Groats. $5; Hominy,
$4@4 25; Buckwheat Flour, $4®4 25; Cracked
Wheat. $3 50:- Farina. $4 50; Whole Wheat
Flour. $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $6 85@8 35;
in sacks, $6 50@8; Pearl Barley, $3; Split Peas,
$5; - Green Peas,'- $6 50 per, 100 lbs. . ' : - V ¦
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $3 50®
3 75,' usual terms: Bakers' ¦ Extras, $3 40@3 50;
Oregon,; $2 75@3 25 per barrel for family and
$3@3 50 for Bakers'; Washington Bakers', $3«
3-50. ;¦'¦<;¦ '.•'. ¦,.•¦..— . • .¦ '¦ ¦-,.¦¦ -i
Flour and Millstuffs.
Con for money. 93 11-16 M K & Texas ... 25
Con for account.. 93% Do pfd .... 55%
Anaconda 6% N Y Central ....167%
•Atchison ... .... 7»% Norf & Western. . -58 Vi
Do pfd M0% Do pfd .... 92",i
Bait & Ohio 100 Ontario & West.. 33^»
Canadian Pacific. 118% Southern Ry .... :Vt%
Chesap & Ohio... 47% Do pfd ........ 99%
Chi Great W 24% Southern Pacific. 6<1#
Chi M & St Paul.lOOVi Union Pacific ... .102%
Denver & Rio G.. 44% Do pfd .... gu%
Do pfd 91 US Steel ......; 43%
Erie 38% Do pfd 97%
Do 1st pfd .... 70% Wabash 74%
Do 2d r>fd ..... 5G Do pfd 45
Illinois Central ..143% Spanish 4s ...... 77%
Louis & Nash ..106% .
Bar silver easy, 24 13-16d per ounce. Money,
2%@3 per cent. The rate of discount in the
open market for short bills is 2 11-16 per cent.
The rate of discount in 'the open market for
three months' bills is 2% per cent.
London Market.
NEW YORK, March 19. — The Commercial
Advertiser's London financial cablegram says:
It was an idle, holiday ( market to-day, but
the tone was cheerful, due to the continued
bear feeling over the Kaffir situation. Ameri
can shares were Inanimate, but firm. Canadian
Pacific was In demand. Copper was down %
to 52% a ton. Rio Tintos sold at 44.%. Money
is steady.
¦New York Money Market.
NEW. YORK, March 19.— rMoney on call was"
firm at 4@5 per cent; -Closing bid and asked,
4%@5 per cent; prime- mercantile paper, 4%@
5 per cent; sterling exchange was firmer, with
actual business In bankers' bills at $4 87% for
demand and at $4 85 for sixty days; posted
rates. $4 86@4 88%; commercial bills, $4 83%
@4 85%; bar silver, 53 Tie; Mexican dollars.
43 %c. Bonds — Governments, steady; States,
easier; railroads, Irregular.
. Condition of the Treasury! f;\
WASHINGTON. March 19.— To-day's state
ment of the Treasury balances in the general
fund, exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold re
serve in the division of redemption.-, shows:
Available cash balance, $177,670,850; gold $89 -'
087,217. . . '
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS,
Money— Do pfd ........ 05
Call loans 3%@4% Westing com .... 98
Time loans ...4%@5 Mining—
Bonds — . Adventure .". . . . . . 20%
Atchison 4s 103 Allouez 3%
G«s l«t» 85 Amalgamated ...«S3
Mex Central 4s... 82 Baltic 45>A
N E Gas & Coke 59% Blngham ........ 24
Railroads— Cal & Hecla 5S5
Atchison 77% Centennial 21%
Do pfd 97% Copper Range .. 68
Boston & Maine. .194% DomCoal .......119-%
Boston Elevated.. 169% Franklin , 13
N Y N H & H...214% Isle Royal 17 -¦•
Pitchburg pfd ...148 Mohawk 3t
Union Pacific ... 90% Old Dominion ... 20
Mex Central •. 29% Oeceola 61%
Miscellaneous — • \ , Parrot 29 Vi
Amer Sugar ....129% Qulncy 130
Do pfd 118 Santa Fe Copper. 3
Amer T & T.....169% Tamarack 180
Dom I & S 46% Trinity 14%
Gen Electric 320 United States".. :. 18%
Mass Klectric^... 36% Utah 22
Do pfd • 90% Victoria . . .V 5%
N E Gas & Coke • « Winona 1%
United Fruit ....100 Wolverine ....... 50
U S Steel ...v:....42%1 ", . .
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS,
Adams Con 30 Little Chief ...... 12
Allce s 45 Ontario 7 50
Greece 60 Ophir ....90
Brunswick Con 08 Phoenix 00
Com Tunnel 05 Potosi 10
Can Cal and Va. . .1 25 Savage 05
Deadwood Terra .. 50 Sierra Nevada 10
Horn Silver 1 40 Small Hopes < ....." 60
I™"*. S . 1 , 1 , ve^ n Standard 3 30
LeadviUe .Con , . . . •. 05 •' • . ¦¦
MINING STOCKS.
• U B ref 2s reg....l00 . L &*N unl 4s. ...102%
tt e o°° up • .109% Mexican Cent 4s.. 82%
US 3s reg .V.109% Do 1st inch.... 33%
Do coup ....... 109U Minn & St L 4s.. 103%:
U S new 4s reg. . .139 M K & T 4s. . . . . . 99%
tt £° ,^ OUp -«¦• ' - 139 % Do 2n d8 ...... 82
US old 4s reg... .111 n Y Cent lsts. ..103%
. Do coup ..112 Do gen 3%s...lO8%
1 S 5s reg...... 106 N J Cent «r 4s 139%
Do coup 106 Nor Paclflo 4s. . .105%
Atch gen 4s .105% Do 3s ,.• 74%
t, Do 4s...'... 93% Nor & West c 4s; 103%
Bait & Ohio 4s... 104 Reading gen 4s.. 09%
Do 3%s 95% B L & I M con Cs.119%
Do conv 4s..... 107% S L & S F 4s.'... 08%
Can So 2nds 107% St L Sw lsts 98%
Cent of Ga 5s. .. .110% . Do 2nds ....... ; 80
/Do 1st inc 78% S A & A P 4s.... 91%
Ches & Ohio 4%s. 107 JJ So Pacific 4».... 94%
Chi & Alton 3%s 84% So Railway 5s... 122%
Chi B & Q new 4s 95% T & P lsts. .... .120%
CM & St P g 4s.ll5% T St L & W 4s.. 84%
Ch« & NW con 7s.l37% Union Pacific 4s.. 105%
C R I & p 4s....ll2fc Do conv 4s.....l0fi%
C C C & S L g 4s.lO3% Wabaeh lsts . . . . .119%
Chi Term 4s 89 Do 2nds ..;... 110%
C0I0& So 4s 04%^ Do deb B...... 75%
Den & R G 4s... 102% West Shore 4s... 113
Erie prior lien 4s 99% W & L E 4s... . 01
-V* f e "' 4s 8 7% Wis Central 4s... 90%
P W & D C lsts.112% Con Tob 4s...... 00T&
Hocking Val 4%s. 109 I . /8
CLOSING BONDS
Pressed ; Steel Car. 700 40%> ' 40U *0ft
•Pressed S Car pf d. . 600 83% -• 83% 83
Pullman Pal Car. . 233
Republic Steel 6,400 18% 18 18:
Republic Steel pfd. 2,100.75 74%. 74^i
tSSSV/V^V 60.000 -130% 128% .129%
Un^X&P^Co: 4l2 °° 71? * C9% lS»
Union B&P Co pfd. 100 79 V4 : 79^4 I 78 V 4
u a Leather... 700 11%- 11% 11%
" I Leather pfd... 500 81 . : 81 .81
gitte-r-pVd::: X WX lit fe%
uI&m:::::: S?88,-g»; -8*. 8*
western Union'... "50V 91% 91% 91%
Total sales...... .580,200 shares.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
prise, ,$140@l 45; '.black, \$112%@1 22% for
feed and $1 22%@1 32% for seed; red, $1 30®
142%. per ctl. - .; -. . - ¦¦'¦¦: -.
"¦ CORN — Chicago .was : dull, with the traders
following wheat\down. >'.•¦ :..!'¦¦'< ':¦: f>J ."¦ . r. '• '-
'•The San Francisco market was also'; inactive
at- previous prices. :- ,.' ¦-•• ¦ v 1 - ¦.
Large Yellow, $1 35® 150; small -round do,
$1 35@1 50;: white, $1 35@1 40 per ctl. - -'
.-RYE — Continues dull and weak at 92%@95c
per •¦ ctl, -"with ample offerings. . ' .
. BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at $1 65@1 75 per
ctl. with the arrival of 500 sacks. T: v V
good : weather ' in that country. • There : was a
weak recovery later.^but May closed weak,^®
%c lower, at 61%@61%c. r ' \ -.-.- .•;-•• - : -.j
• Oats were fairly steady. In face of weak
ness of other grains until the sharp break that
carried them all down. V May | closed/weak, %c
lower, at 43%c. "•.* '•'.-¦ ' ¦., -.;-.•••
• Provisions for = a- few moments early in the
day were ' inclined to . be . heavy. , Scalpers . sold
all products, but the offerings were well taken.
Trade was not large, , nor was there * any, im
portant feature, < unless . ' it was • the , • marked
firmness shown in the * face of the . bad break
In grains. All May options closed 5c higher,
v The leading futures ranged as follows : '
HIDES AND SKINS — Culls and brands sell
about i%o . under • quotations. • H*eavy salted
Steers, 10%c;. medium, 9@9%c; light, 8@8%c;
Cow Hides, 9c - for heavy and Sc for light;
Stags 6@6%c; Salted Kip, 8c; Salted Veal, 9c;
Salted Calf, 10c; Dry Hides, 16c;' Culls, 14c;
Dry Kip. 13c; Dry Calf.'.lSc; Culls and Brands.
15c; Sheepskins, shearlings. 15@30c each; short
Wool, 30@00c each; medium.- 60@75c; long
Wool, SOc@$l 10 each: Horse Hides, salt, $2 75
@3 for large and $2 25® 2 50 for medium, $1 75
@2 for small and 50c for Colts; Horse -Hides,
dry. $1 "5 for large. $1 25@1 50 for medium, $1
@1 25 for small and 50c for Colts. Deerskins —
Summer or red skins, 35c; fall or medium
skins, 30c; winter or thin skins, 20c. Goat
skins—Prime Angoras, 76c; large and smooth,
50c; medium. 35c.
TALLOW — No. 1 rendered, 5%®6c per lb;
No. 2, 4%@5c; grease, 3@3%c. .
¦ WOOL — Nominal.
HOPS — ll@12c for fair and 12%®14c per lb
for ' good to choice. ' Local dealers quote 13$
17 %o for shipment. ¦:'.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hop's.
14V>o for extra light and 15c for sugar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 12*4@13c; Califor
nia. Hams, 11%@12%c; Mess Beef. $9 50@10
per • barrel; 1 extra > Mess. $10 60@ll; Family.
$11 50@12; prime Mess Pork, $15; extra clear.
$22 60@23; Mess, $18 60@19;- Smoked Beef,
13%@14c per lb. '
LARD — Tierces quoted at- 7%cper lb for
compound and 10%@llc for pure; half barrels,
pure. ll%c; 10-lb tfns. ll%c; 5-lb tins. llftc;
3-lb tins. ll%c. . ,', .
COTTOLENE — One ; half-barrel, 9%e; three
half-barrels, 9%c; one tierce,' 9%c;- two tierces,
9%c; five tierces, 9»jc per lb. . r ,». V .:
THE SAN FRANCISCO v CALL; THURSDAY; ;? MARCH 20, U902.
Foreign Futures:
EASTERN MARKETS.
New York Grain and Produce.
STOCK MARKET.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Chicago Grain Market.
11
STATIONS.
a
3
3
—
K X D
£5 s| *f
Sg 3 3 si
E 3 E : o
2 c ' ,*"
? ? :
CD '
•I
P
o"
¦ B
Letoria ,.. 23.96
Jaker 29.82
:&rscn........29.SS
:ureka ."JO. 12
"resno 23.98
"laretaff 29. <3
'ocatello. Ida. 20. 64
ndependence. .29 . 76
*>« Angreles. .. 29.1)4
'hoenlx 29.74
•ortiand.. 29.98
led BluJf 2».96
to»*burr 30.04
iacramento 29.M
'Alt Lake 29.74
¦an FranciBco.30.02
. L. Oblspo...30.02
¦&n Diego. .'. ..29.bt>
battle 29.U6
pokane 29. W
>'eah Bay V.i.Ui
ValU. TV'alla. .29.04
Vinnemucca. .29.R2
ruma 29.80
Temperature 7 a.
B0 42 S Rain 0.02
42 22 N Clear 0.02
50 2S W dear O.OO
50 4« N*W Ft Cldy 0.06
«0 46 Kff Clear 0.02
28 34 W Snow ' 0.0U
42 22 BW Cloudy 0.22
56 36 N Clear 0.00
C2 40 £W Pt Cldy 0.48
C6 46 EW Pt Ody O.OO
50 30 S Cloudy i\
«6 44 N Clear- 0.20
r.2 40 SW Cloudy T.
«4 42 8 Clear 0.02
60 42 KW RalaJ'- -."T.
56 46 W Clear 0.05
58 44 W Clear 0.38
00 48 W Oear 0.26
50 32 S Cloudy T.
50 28 SW Pt Cldy O.OO
46 36 BE Rain 0.10
54 86 6W Clear .0.00
48 34 W Clear . 0.00
70 40 \V Clear T.
m., 48 degrees. ~>cmm&
STATIONS.
a
3
3
—
K X D
£5 s| *f
Sg 3 3 si
E 3 E : o
2 c ' ,*"
? ? :
CD '
•I
P
o"
¦ B
Letoria ,.. 23.96
Jaker 29.82
:&rscn........29.SS
:ureka ."JO. 12
"resno 23.98
"laretaff 29. <3
'ocatello. Ida. 20. 64
ndependence. .29 . 76
*>« Angreles. .. 29.1)4
'hoenlx 29.74
•ortiand.. 29.98
led BluJf 2».96
to»*burr 30.04
iacramento 29.M
'Alt Lake 29.74
¦an FranciBco.30.02
. L. Oblspo...30.02
¦&n Diego. .'. ..29.bt>
battle 29.U6
pokane 29. W
>'eah Bay V.i.Ui
ValU. TV'alla. .29.04
Vinnemucca. .29.R2
ruma 29.80
Temperature 7 a.
B0 42 S Rain 0.02
42 22 N Clear 0.02
50 2S W dear O.OO
50 4« N*W Ft Cldy 0.06
«0 46 Kff Clear 0.02
28 34 W Snow ' 0.0U
42 22 BW Cloudy 0.22
56 36 N Clear 0.00
C2 40 £W Pt Cldy 0.48
C6 46 EW Pt Ody O.OO
50 30 S Cloudy i\
«6 44 N Clear- 0.20
r.2 40 SW Cloudy T.
«4 42 8 Clear 0.02
60 42 KW RalaJ'- -."T.
56 46 W Clear 0.05
58 44 W Clear 0.38
00 48 W Oear 0.26
50 32 S Cloudy T.
50 28 SW Pt Cldy O.OO
46 36 BE Rain 0.10
54 86 6W Clear .0.00
48 34 W Clear . 0.00
70 40 \V Clear T.
m., 48 degrees. ~>cmm&
AUCTION SALES
AUCTION !^_AUCTION!
Stock of the Flopes
Hale and Company.
By order of MRS. ANAI3 HALE, adminls.
tratrix of tha estate of JOSEPH P. HALS.
Deceased, we will sell at auction on Friday.
March SI. 1902. at 12:13 p. m.. at room 23.
Chronicle building, fifty-nine thousand nlnm
hundred and ninety (59.990) «hare9 of tha cap-
ital stock of the Flores Hale & Company. Th«
property of the Flores Hale & Company Con-
sists of four million (4.000.00U) acres of land
In Lower California.
Terms of sale: Ten. per cent on the fall
cf the hammer, the .balance on conflrma«t>n
of the sale by tha Superior Court of tha city
and county of San Francisco. State of Califor-
nia, and delivery of a bill of sale.
• McGLYNN & MENTON.
Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers,
Chronicle Building.
£* ' WAIT! i»
150 HEAD OF D. MILLER'S HORSES.
To Be Sold NEXT THURSDAY. March 20.
1902.
At 11 a. m. and 8 o. m.
All are found gentle, broken and win b»
guaranteed as represented. Wa have testi-
monials from the. best business houses In th»
city as to their value. It will pay you better
to jrfve a fair price for a good horse than to
give a low price for a worthless animal. Horses
are now on exhibition at 721 HOWARD ST. ;
also at 1619 MARKET ST.. near 12th.
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE.
r;' ; " ¦ ' TO. LATNG. Auctioneer.THE SA]ST FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MARCH 20, 1902.
12
nELP WAXTED-r-MALE— Con.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. ....104 Geary «t.
......Wanted for New Railroad Work..."...
... ...STATE OF NEVADA ... '.:.
500 railroad teamsters .52 a day
600 railroad laborers . .'. ....;.. .|- a day
lOOroGkmen:. • f-f a £y
10 stonemasons • ..,.'• • >"• • v • .'••** a . d . ay
Free fare Ship dally
Ship daily .' •• rree fare
100 tunnelmen .. ..$2. $2 50 to S3 a_day
. For Chatsworth Park . . : feJ»P d f "V
Free fare. ...... .Free fare.. ..... -Free fare
C. R. HANSEN & CO ....104 Geary at.
BARBER shop for sale^-Averages from $120 to
$130' per month; established S years; shop
and flat of 3 well-furnished rooms for family
of 4; rent $15; price $250; $100 cash, the rest
$10 per month at '4 per cent , interest. 10oo
Guerrero st.' . ' ¦'-¦'- ¦ •¦ *
OPENING for energetic man with small capi-
tal in profitable, business to travel. FRASLK.
940 Mission s't. '
WANTED— A bright young man of good ap-
pearance to work in an oyster house. 113
EUla st. .
FIRST-CLASS coatmakers for the country. J.
BAUMGARTEN & CO.. 7- Montgomery st.
WANTED — Good strong errand boy. M.
KRAKER, 224 Bush st. . ' •; v ¦;-,'/¦
NEAT boy, about 15: no evenings. D. C.
HEGER. 723 Market st., room 35. . -I.-:.:-.-.'
WANTED — Man to carry banner. Apply at
555 Market st. ;
2 CABINET-MAKERS. wanted. 614 Clay st.
WANTED — Young man with $230; tend cash,
restaurant; $tiO mo. Brown. 1221 Market st.
WANTED — A good floor man; used to carriage
and wagon work. 1414 Pine st.
WANTED— To buy a good .barber shop. Box
4S(S. Call. .
PLUMBER'S helpers wanted at 699 Fulton st..
corner Buchanan. ' .
BARBERS — 2-chair shop for sale: good loca-
tion; $150. Box 436«. Call office. , ; .- 7 "
WANTED— A good tailor for busheling. 625
Commercial st. . ,
SHOEMAKER on repairs; bring tools.
SPLAIN'S. 2012 Twenty-fourth st.
GOOD second cook: neat young linan. Capital
Restaurant. 20C McAllister st. ¦
BELLBOY, 17 to 19 years, neatly dressed; ref-
erences. Hotel Baltimore, Van Ness ave.
COATMAKER wanted at 520 Kearny st.. first
floor, room 1. " .".
YOUNG man some experience in grocery busi-
fless to drive delivery wagon. Box 4364. Call.
TAILOR on fine custom coats; steady work;
good pay. 533 Natoma st.
WILL sell 2 barber chairs and fixtures; $175;
cheap rent. 252 Ellis st. -
OLD gentleman for light and steady work;
I umall wages; references. 473 Valencia st.
WANTED — A ¦ general blacksmith and horse-
shoer. Call at HALL BROS.'. 30 Main st.
WANTED^ — Recruits for the marine corps. U.
S." navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35: not
less than 5 feet 4 inches" and not over 6 feet X
inch; able to sneak and read English. For
further information apply at the Recruiting
Office, 40 Ellis St., San Francisco.
MEN to learn barber' trade: barber* In de-
mand; only requires 8 weeks; tools donated;
catalogue free. MOLER'S BARBER COL-
LEGE, 635 Clay st.
.WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. : 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED — Men to learn barber trade; eight
weeks; tools donated: situation guaranteed;
catalogue mailed free; dlasount this month.
Gordon's Barber College. Los Angeles. Cal.
SAILORS, green han-is and blacksmiths for
whalers and merchantmen. Apply Shipping
Agent. 21S Broadway.
WANTED — In a twenty years established car-
riage and wagon shop, a first-class painter to
rent shop. Address box 4233, Call office.
MECHANICAL draughtsman wanted; only
flrst-class men need apply i state experience.
- Box 4215. Call of flee.
28 YOUNG men to go north for the summer
at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart at. "
PARTNER in old manufacturing retail store;
large profit. Inquire 257 Fourth st.
WANTED — In country, Protestant boy. about
14; good home; small wages. Box 4244. Call.
YOUNG man with small capital can earn $25
a week; 1 to 4 p. in. 735A Ellis st.
OPERATORS on custom coats. 304 Tehama st.
AGENTS on raised, photos; call and investl-
gate. 826 Sixteenth st.. Oakland.
WANTED — 50 men to take lodging in Cam-
bridge House, 543 Howard; changed hands.
WANTED — Boy for wholesale. Address, stat- j
ing age and experience, box 4182, Call office.
EXTRA pay now due U. S. Volunteers. Call
or wiite ' Sherwood, pension atty., 624 Market.
000 MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army shoes,
50c up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard St., nr. 5th.
YOUNG men to learn barber trade: catalogue
| mailed. S. F. Barber College, 741A Howard.
PENSION atty., E. A. Bullls, 3. 40, Phelan
big. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post, G. A. ->~
SAILORS, ordinary, for ships for all parts of
. the world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25r
to 50c. 563 Mission et., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
| ket — 200 rooms, 25c night; reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
HORSES AND WAGONS.
A LOT of horsea for. sale at Arcade Horse
Market, 327 Sixth St.; also buggies, wagons,
harness, etc.; auction sales every Wednesday
at 11 a. m. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
CONSTANTLY on hand and for sale or trade,
well broken carriage, wagon, work and driv-
ing horses of all grades, sizes and style.
Santa Clara Milk Co.. 721-723 Howard st.
FOR SALE — Span of bays. 4 and 5 years; full
sisters; also buckboard and harness. 2262
San Jose ave., Alameda. or 437 Larkin. S. F.
LADY'S phaeton, good business buggy and
bike cart, little used. O'BRIEN'S, Polk st.
and Golden Gate ave. - .
SANTA ROSA salesyard — Horses, ' harness and
: buggies bought. nnd ir-!d. new stock always
on hand.;> 1499 Market St.. -corner Eleventh.
SAN Francisco Veterinary College, Fourth ses-
sion begins June 0. Catalogues by applying to
M, L. PANCOAST^ Sec.. 510 Golden Gate ave.
ALMOST new top buggy: exchange for bicycle
wheel road buggy. 718 Folsom st.
Largest stock 2d-hand wagons, buckboard, sur-
rey.harness.work.drlvlng horses. 15th&Valencla
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness
etc.. cheap. EG AN & SON. 2117 Mission st!
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single: also light
- camping wagon for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
PARTNER; half interest livery stable; all new
rigs; account other business. 2125 Mission.
~; HOUSES TO LET. ~~
A— PRINTED list houses to let: send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN 14 Montgomery.
FOR rent— Furnished house of ten rooma. Ap-
ply at 1114 Page et.. bet. 10 and 2: references.
HOUSES WASTED. ~~
HOUSE wanted, 4 to 7 rooms, to be moved ;
state location and price. Box 4394. Call.
HYG1EXIC HAIR TitEATJIE^T.
MRS. HARTLAND ¦ renews thin, faded and
. lusterless hair; removes dandruff; has treated
: baldness with great success: free consulta-
tlon. Room 39. Liebes building. 139 Post st.
LOST A.\O FOU.\ I>.
LOST — A pocket-book, black leather, contain-
ing papers and check, for" $1000; payment
stopped. Liberal reward if returned to P c
¦¦-. 3196. Washington st. . ¦'
LOST— Between San Bruno ave. and Army and
"Hayes sts., lady's gold watch and belt. Re-
. turn 1501 San Bruno road; reward $10.
LOST — A diamond sunburst last " evenlnsr
: March 19. Return tolS45 Polk st. and re-
. ceive liberal reward.- ¦ i
GREAT Dane 'dog; . reward. . E. B. FIET n i
2500 Clay st. _^.______^_ ' I
BABY'S white cape'; vicinity Market. Post an J
• Grant ave.. 411. Larkin st. ; reward. ,
LOST— On 'corner Sutter and Polk : st« or on
. Sutter-st. car, between Polk and Mason sts
gold purse marked E. M. M. :coin and chain
in purse; finder keep coin and return DurVe
and chain : to E. : M. M.,- 000 Van : Ness a ve •
no questions asked. . ¦ *.* '
LOST — In or near Orpheum, night of Februarv
14, 1902. lady's *flt belt, with gold buck!?
Finder- please return to 636 Mission «t *n,i
" collect $5 reward. . - -.. "
LOST or ; mislaid — Two " lap robes March 1 ".
>~ Reward 42 California st. • . I: - "
FOUND— Bicycle: owner can have tame bv
proving ; proyerty. A. BROWN 222 Gre»n-
-wicn^t.,". ... : ., , • _ reen
Bt-SI.\ESS CH AX^EJ?^C^il^naed-_
JOSEPII^STRAUB,
S50 Market at., corner StocUlon.
Teler-hane Grant 1< «.
Real Estate '.'Aseat. • "' .
Proyerty Boucht and Sold.
Rents Collected. .. ' • '"T~>
Loans .Nesotlated.
Ler'«t!n:ate Busir.c-ss
Agent.
A— Saloon: south of'KarJcet "st.. in the manu-
facturing district: 3- living-rooms upstairs:
rent $15; stable in rear; price $275.
A Oyster and ebon house at Preaidio: owner |
to leave city; a bargain at $250. /
A — Several* lodging-houses going, very cheap.
A — Several restaurants at reasonable prices.
5 — SOCCO WILL buy fine paying retail store; :
long established: excellent location; near;
Market st_; will Invoice $8000; all clean ;
stock ;. offered only account sickness; chance
seldom found; would be fine opportunity to
Ftart Eon right in life; might exchange for:
city real estate. Ask HEDGES. 461-4G2 ]
Parrott building-. ' ._
A — M> CIGAR stands; prices $75 to $1500;
profits 52 to $S dally; rents $0 to ?125 month.
I can sell you a first-class stand at invoice.
C. L. HEDGES. 401-462 Parrott building.
HOTELS— We have several fine ones ta sell.
Store?; 4 paying gen. mdse. ; good towns.
Livery stables: 2. large ones, paying. In city.
OJrocerles and barst 5; good business; big pay.
Steam laundry; fine business; large town.
Oigar, stationery, notion stores; good ones.
All kinds of paying business propositions.
Also city and country real estate.
HEALY. & CARR, 0 Eddy St.. S. F.
A — WE buy. sell or exchange business of any
kind. STRAND & CO., 209 'Kearny st.
A — $:;5e; DELICACY store; 4 rooms; rent $20;
clears ."575 month. STRAND. 209 Kearny st.
A— ?1200; SALOON; clears. $4C0 month; 100
others. $150 to $3000. STRAND, 209 Kearny.
A— $550 ; BRANCH bakery and variety store ;
clears ?75 month. STRAND, 209 Kearny st.
•GENTLEMAN or 'lady who can reach people
with money to invest in- a company owning
a mountain of low-grade . gold-bearing ore
superior to Treadwell mine or Alaska; divi-
dends will run lifetime beginning 3 months
after mill starts. . If . you wish to represent
or invest in a paying proposition address)
room 412. 'Parrott bldg.. San Francisco. Cal. !
FOR SALE — Grocery and fruit" store in a
thrifty town of 10.000 inhabitants with
monthly payroll -of $120,000: r.tock. fixtures,
¦wag-ons, etc., wJU Invoicp $1700; gocd reasons
for selling. Address Grocery, box 1C5, Val- j
lejo. Cal. - . . j
j IF you are seeking safe and profitable invest- I
ment. write for prospectus, ot the Metropoll- j
j tan Horse Owners' (Co-operative) "Association i
I (incorporated under New York State laws): !
"a limited number of shares at $100 each. N. I
S. HAND. Secretary, 113 Stockton st. . I
NURSERY and florin business 'for sale; bar- |
gain; owner must leave the city by July;
buyer can v.-ork himself into the business
by working for salary until he wishes to
take r-o^ression. CARLSON. 500 Haight st.
CORNER saloon, rent ?13. with 3 furnished
rooms. • will be sold cheap If called for at
once; must be sold on account of sickness.
Apply to DONNELLY & BRANNAN, Sev-
enth and Mlrsion sts.
$150 WILL buy Interest of retiring partner in
oldrestablished office business: pleasant and
j profltabie. Room 3, 7C5 Market ¦> st.
I FOB eale — A first-class restaurant; average
i sales $40 per day; price $1000. Address N.
j H.. box 4120, Call office. • .
, A— $125 BUYS ??50 cigar stand; best location;
fine business. Call 245 Third st.
FOR SALE — $1200; a eood general merchan-
dise store. Box 4.5C3, Call office. '
OUR Nev.- Alternating System of turf Epecula-
i t ion . is the sasfest and most profitable ever
: devised; average monthly profits over 80 -per I
j . cent: explanation free. N. S. HAND & CO., !
• Expert Handicappers. 113 Stockton st. . j
{ BILL?, notep. etc.. collected in all parts of the J
' world. Cal. Commercial Guaranty Co., 184 I
j Crocker bui!dir.~. - - |
i RESTAURANT— $4000; one ot the finest that !
i has ever been put up; a bargain for any busi- I
ness man. Address box 41 S9 Call office.
$5^0— RESTAURANT; daily receipts. ?30; rent
$->5: a snap. McBRIDE & CO.. 7C5 Market.
YOUNG man with $123 would like partnership
in small paying business. Box 4120. Call.
FOR sale— Candy store, branch bakery .an-1
notices; business locality. Box 4299, Call.
FOR rale — Barber shop, 2 chairs: half or whole
interest. Address P. O. box 4!J8. San Jose.
' LODUtXC-HOlSES FOR SALE.
WINSTON & WOLF
I 1026 Market st 102C. Market st.
(Photograph Gallery Entrance.)
16 rooms; cor.; new furn.; payments. .$ll."0
20 rooms; rent '$50; good furniture 1000
2:; rooms; rent $C5; must sell 1250
~'2& rooms; corner: cheap rent.. ;. 1300
29 rooms; rent $75; must rell. '......... 1200
HO rooms; new; corner: rent S20O: elevator, ¦
DONALD INVESTMENT COMPANY.
850 Market , st . . (Inc.) . . Phone Davis 2S1.
Reliable dealers in rooming-houses, hotels,
business chances and real estate.
. ¦ We furnish vacant houses and
Loan Money, at lowest rates.
, . . Something new every day.
New houses to lease. -
A— lo ROOMS: good location; rent $30... $250 |
20 rooms; oak walnut lurniture: piano.. 1475 •
IC.roomE; 2 folding beds; nev.- carpets.. 1200 !
2<) rooms: bay windows; furniture oak.. 1000
IS rooms; rent ?C0; gocd location 1250
! 2S rooms: Oakland: rent $50: a bargain. 1100
Bargains. DECKER & LARSEN. 4)21 Market.
A — 73 ROOMS, near Market st, $t'COO
22 rooms, $1300; 20 rooms, $1400; 06 rooms,
?2CC0; 11 rooms, 5100; 18 rooms, money-maker,
$1600: 100 oihers. 0 rooms to 220, $200 to
$13.000. KRASKY fc CO.. 1049A Market st. ;
A — IS ROOMS; sunny; corner; rent $55; part
cash. Room 1G. 1019A- Market St. .
' A. CAMEHCN & CO.. ™
850 Merket st. and 8 Stockton St.,
Rooms 21," 22. 23. Phone Bush 32$. '
If you liave hotel?, rooming-houses or business
to sell. Hit with us; buyers call; we can suit
you; have bargains in hotels, lodging-houses,
flats; all glzes and prices; in all parts cf city. !
A — Near The Call building.
Telephone Black 1-S-O-r-t.
MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market st.. rms. 1-2.
MONEY TO LOAN.
Bfg free list of lodging-houses at my office.
All for sale on easy terms. Please call.
TO BUY, SELL OR EXCHANGE V~
CALL ON '-; ;-.-.*."¦-
A. H; RETSLOFK, Phone John 531;-
006 Market st., corner Elll*.
A — NOTICE — We have roomine-houses.all sires
and prices. In all parts of the city; get our
list first. .MITCHELL. & .CO.. 1200 Market.
10 'ROOMS. Including kitchen: neatly furn.;
?275; rent P',2; water free. 217 Natoma Et.
SPIRITUALISM..
A — C. V. MILLER, world's famous meterlallz-
• ing medium; spirits speak face to face; seance
Turs.. Fri.. Sun.. 8 p.- m. ; 50c. 3084 Bush st.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, tranco. bus. medium;
life reader; medical clairvoyant; sittings, $1;
letter. S2. 1164 O'Farrell St.; Ellis car.
MME. YOUNG'S demonstration of spirit return
to-niR'ht. .COS. McAllister; 10c;- come, skeptics.
Mrs. Seal. 'spiritual and bus. medium; tobacco,
habit cured or no pay. Avondalp. 1424 Market.
EDWARD EARLE. 328 Ellis; readings daily;
phone Polk 1601; seance Sunday and Thurs.'
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs.- c". J.
Meyer: sittings dally; t°ft to all to-night; 10c."
MME. M.'bERNARD."^™"~ ~— - ¦- - ~
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at ' 17 Third • St., • next - Examiner bldg.
She reads your life correctly, g'.ves an accurate
description ot the past, reveals the present- hap-
renings and portrays events to occur In the fu-
ture. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, "or have domestic,
1 jve or business troubles, consult this great | me-
dium and you :. will be told -how ¦ to overcome
them. Valuable advice. In all affairs- of life; 25c
up; satisfaction guaranteed. Tel. Black 4569.
A— 50c and $1. PROF, WELLER. clairvoyant,
scientific palmist, card reader: advice on busi-
ness, speculation, love and domestic troubles,
eettles lovers' quarrels, reunites separated,
tells whom you will marry, how to win man
or woman you love; mall $1; send' date birth,
lock hair, (i questions. 1007',$ Market, nr. 6th.
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trancs
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket St., cor. Golden Gate 'ave., rooms 25 an3
26; 'take elevator. : Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail; send stamp for , pamphlet
with special terms. Dally and Sunday. ,-•¦
MME. ARNDT. the great clairvoyant, .'-tells
past, future; never; fails; has the greatest
Egyptian . secret;- shows pic;ure : future hus-
band or wife; fee 25c and up; satisfaction to
everybody: open Sun.. 10 to 8 p. m. 215%' 6th.
FREE! FREE! ; - FREE!
PROF. BROCKWAY, PROF. BROCKWAY.
. 1052 Ellis St., bet. .Franklin and Gough.
Readings free between the hours of- 9:30 and
11 a. m. Other hours, $1; ' ..
MADAM CLARITA, •' ~
Most- wonderful Egyptian . card : reader: all
quss. answered satisfactory; read, from 6 p.
m. to 9 p. m. only.: Phone Polk 831. 702 Post.
ISM AR, I the Egyptian Gypsy. ' clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op-
posite Sixth; private readings daily, 10 a-m.
to 5 p. m.' Sundays from 10 to 12 a. m. ¦
MME. RAVENNA read* life fluently; business -
advice; names given ; 25c up.- 5 Fourth sf ,' ¦
MRS.- BROWN,' clairvoyant, 1 card reader; ladies
~»c." eents 50c; readings dally. 132 Sixth st.
j HELP WAXTED—FEMALE— Con.
FROM this date on and until further notice we
...will instruct . inexperienced bands the trada
of • making overalls , free ' of " charge ; ' will ,be
-.paid while 'learning. LEVI STRAUSS * &
r CO.. 32% Fremont st.' Apply to MR. DAVIS.
GIRL for housework and -plain cooking; small
. family. ADDly 1519 Grove st.
FRENCH girl "or woman; -housework; $20 per
. month. 822 Montgomery st. ... . ,-.:.'.
WANTED— Neat girl for general housework; 2
,j\n family; $20: 2718 Filbert st.
GIRL .wanted for general housework; call be-
¦tween 9 and. 12 a. m. 1C32 Sacramento st.
WANTED— Errand girl and helpers." 121 Post
.. st.,-~ room -32." ' . - ;"
YOUNG girl to assist with light housework.
: "Apply 24;Sixth st. • " ¦
WANTED— Waist and skirt, helpers at 234
Post st.. room. 10. -
WANTED— A good -. girl to do general house-
work, small wash; wages $25. Apply Thurs-
, day or Friday morning, between 10 and 12,
at' 1727 Vallejo st. ' ;'¦
WOMAN ; not under 25 ' by a wholesale house ;
. must be trustworthy and ' accurate. Box
j __4.'{'J1. . Call: office. .
•YOUNG lady as partner with small capital;
legitimate business; big money. - ;. Call 850
-Market st.'; parlors 1-2. . from- 1 to 6 p. m.
WANTED— Experienced cloak and suit altera-
tion hands. Apply at HALE BROS.'.
FIRST-CLASS hands : on ladles' tailor skirts
ARMAND CAILLEAU, Inc.. 114-116 Kearny.
EXPERIENCED ironers wanted. United States
. Laundry, Sixteenth and Valencia sts. - ;
CHAMBERMAID wanted at the, Manhattan
House, 825 Battery at.
WANTED— Girl to learn to wait table; small
restaurant; wages paid. 62 Eighth st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wanted to work in
¦ small family. 1140 Folsom st. . i
GIRL to assist with housework; wages $15.
370-1 Twenty-second st. ; Castro-st. cars.
YOUNG girl for light housework; sleep home;
wages $12. 1801 Buchanan st.
"WANTED — A good ironer. Call at 511 Mc-
Allister st.; ring basement bell.
WANTED — Young girl for upstairs : work and
j waiting. Brooklyn House. East Oakland.
WANTED — First-class nnishers on coats; none
but experienced hands need apply. S. N.
.WOOD & CO., 27 Geary st.
WANTED— 3 girls to learn halrdressing, mas-
sage, manicure, switch, wig making, in 2
ivies. ; take charge of .private customers; as-
sured $50 per mo.; course $5; day, , eve. class;
bring ad;worth $1. College,233 Geary, r.13-15.
WANTED — Experienced operators on women's
. muslin underwear; steady work; electric
power; good pay. MARKS BROS.. 1212 Mar-
ket st. . ..... - .
WILL treat free for wrinkles- a woman over
40 years old; will also treat'free for freckles
young boy or grlrl. Harris Institute of Der-
matology, 508 Sutter st. - -
LADIES and gentlemen for high class dra-
matic company; we guarantee, to teach you.
¦ Box 4191, Call office.
At PaclflcHairdressingCollege.MUrphy bld..r.94:
hair,dresslng,massage,manlcuiing,wige.&witch.
etc. ; course, ?5;2 wks. ;positlonsecured;day;eve.
STENOGRAPHERS, don't neglect your speed;
Join day or evening classes; 50c week. Cor-
respondence Ex., 927 Market St., rm, 301-305.
WANTED — A good awning machine operator:
none but experienced need apply;, steady
¦work; good pay. Apply 1130 Mission »t. ;
WANTED— Girla to fold shirts; paid by the day.
Apply THE LwELKUS CO., 20 and 31
Battery st.
WANTED— A few good solicitors for well-
established class of goods; salary. Call after
9:30 room S2. 1170 Market st. . -
HOUSEKEEPER, 2 In family. 7-room house;
references required. Inquire at .1453 Oak st.,
. between 10 and 12 a. m.
WANTED— A girl to do light housework;
sleep at home. 3360 Seventeenth st.
EXPERIENCED girls wanted.' Apply book-
bindery, 530 Clay st. . •¦¦ -.
WANTED— Gocd \ tailoress on vests; steady
work. 504 Eddy st. ... ./.
EXPERIENCED salesladies for millinery;
highest wages paid. 130 Sixth st.
FINISHERS on custom coats. ¦ 304 Tehama
street. . : -
FIRST-CLASS ladles' hair • dressers and ven-
tilators. 40 Geary st. ¦
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
tubscrlptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencla st. -¦
HELP WASTED— MALE.
A— MURRAY & READY. .". . .Phone Main 6843
..Leading Employment and Labor Agents..
.Office Open 7 A. M
..;.... NEVADA
NEVADA
State of Nevada — Free Fare
RAILROAD WORK
75 teamsters .................... ...Free Fare
50 rockmen .....'..Nevada
Gang of^ laborers ."..... Free Fars
10 drillers Nevada
........ .WAGES. S2 TO ?2 50 DAY.........
, OFFICE FEE $1\.. FEE §1
SHIP DAILY ...."...
2 bench hands, planing mill, $3 day; 3. black-
smith helpers, $52 and $40 and found; chore-
man and wife, small institution; married
farmer for orchard; choreman, . make butter,
private place, 530 and found; buttermaker
and milker, $35 and found; 5 milkers; 7 farm
and orchard hands V...
' LABORERS ....>,
10; laborers, no. experience, city. $2 day
\ f> pick and shovel laborers ...$1 75 day
12 laborers, city ..$60
.... CHEAP FARES— WOODCHOPPERS
.Good camp, big" wages; 25 woodchoppers, 80c
to $2 cord, cheap fares.
. . . . . HOTEL DEPARTMENT .........
Chef cook, country hotel ...$50
ft cooks, different places,;. .$35 to $50
Head waiter, plain place. $£5
Cook and wife, small mine; 0 waiters
MURRAY' & READY 634-636 Clay St.
BOARDING-HOUSE cook, $35; hotel cook and
wife, $55; cook, $40; colored second cpok and
colored waiter, $30 each, for -hoarding-house;
.waiter, country hotel, $30; man for house-
cleaning,. $9 week: janitor, dishwashers and
others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 62S Sacra-
mento st. ' - ' ¦ ' - - •'.'•¦
3 CARPENTERS for country. $3 60 day; 2
carpenters for city, ?3 50 day; poultryman
and wife. 550 • and found ; man and wife for
resort, $.">0 and found; cheesemaker and wife,
$40 and found; • 2 milkers, $30 and found;
" farmer, $25 and found; cheesemaker, $35
and found; gardener, $30 and found; 12 lum-
ber pliers, ' $2 day; blacksmith, $40. and
• found; - coopers, $35 , and found; ¦ 2 vineyard'
,men. $1 day and board, and others. J. F.
' CROSETT & CO., C28 Sacramento st. •
AT W. D. EWER & CO.'S.... 610 Clay st.
......... .For Nevada — Free -Fare..
50 scraper teamsters. ...'.... ..$2 a day
CO drillers...... • $2 25 a day
s ........... For Sawmill — North . : : . .
15 R. R. laborers ...$26 and board
6 choppers. ...'.....".;..: $45 and board
1 S barkers. .:........ .$35 and board
Farmer and wife for vineyard.". '..$40
Man about place and wife. ........... ."..".$40.
German fanner for vineyard ......$20
Carriage painter....... .......... $2 50 a day
' Coal miner, fare paid. .......... .$2 75 a day
, Woodchoppers...'. ..~ i'.i'.T.V. ... .$1 50 a 'cord
Milker, north. ....$30
.ANDRE'S Office,' 316 ' Stockton— German to
drive liquor. wagon, $35; 2 waiters, country,
$30 and $20; hotel waiter, city, $30; young
assistant cook, $45; night waiter to take
charge country place, $30; - hotel porter, $25,
-. ttc: ¦' ¦>'-.- .:. ¦¦ •..-¦¦ ..-
SHIPPED free every day— Four-horse scraper
' men and rock , men wanted for railroad con-
tract, Wadsworth,- Nev.; wages, $2 per day:
' board, $5 25 per week; $2 deposit required;
company will refund same after 26 days, i E.
. B. & A. L. STONE CO., 900 Broadway, : Oak-
land, Cal. ' ; ¦ .- .¦¦¦¦¦¦
A— PORTER for rooming-house, $25 and room. !
¦-.. MRS. M. " E. DAY & CO.. 33 Geary st. ¦:
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, rm. 12!
Cook, ( country, hotel, $50;. waiter,, $25.
p WANTED-^Steady man as partner- to look
r after help: and attend customers; must have
$150 cash and be satisfied with $15 to $20 a
week. ,36 Geary st., rooin 1. ¦ ¦• . ¦ 1 - .
MAN and wife for country home; wife must
. be , good r cook and ¦; man understand care ot
:, horses, . garden, etc. ; ; ¦ ¦ nice :, home to ;. right
. couple; ;posltion~ permanent. Box- 43S5.v Call.
.WANTED— A" first-class carriage: painter, all-'
- around, man; steady ; job;. Eastern- man 'pre-
-, ferred. Bay ", View -Carriage" Factory, San
i. Rafael." Cal. :v ¦•/•_/¦• .. ¦_¦.,?¦¦- . -• .-, .¦._¦
WANTED-^A' steady ' man with $100 for a plain
every-day business 'that' .will- pay .; about $70
' per . month ; ; steady place ; experience not I re-
quired; "Apply. 1016' Market st.,' room 10.
: WANTED— Apprentice -barber . who has* had 1
• . or 2 , years', experience. . -Address '. P. O. box
/ 375. =¦ Santa. Clara..- ¦ ... - - '
WANTED-fAt^ once| -a good s shirt ironer on
:"• Tyler .machine; hand work; $12 to. §15' per
. week. '¦" P. O. box 05, -Santa Barbara... Cal. •;
WANTED— Sober, ¦• reliable ": young -, man . with
-. $175:- cash;' $17 ; week: '.steady place :> no ex-
:"<¦'¦ perience necessary.- BROWN.- 1221 Market 'st.'
A- GENTLEMAN, of indomitable energy "and
¦ ¦-••: push; r good opportunity .for, right -man; ~F
. . PERSON, v, room , 412. • Parrott building. '.-}'; ,
WANTED—^-A .'dishwasher at the Villa Mlra-
,j mar,"- Ocean : boulevard; $10' a ¦ month,- board
LOST AXD FOUyP-— Contjnqed.
LOST— Lady's gold watch; Initials T E. 3.
Liberal reward if returned to JOE ROSEN-
. BERG, ' S16 Market st. ¦
FOUND— Water spaniel dog Tuesday evening.
433 Elizabeth st. . ¦ ¦
IT will pay to "Remember" that the Califor-
nia Watch Case Co., 220 Sutter St.. need3 old
gold and silver to make new watch cases.
MATUIMOXIAI*.
MARRIAGE bureau: est. 1SS7: reliable and
confidential: lists 10c. Mrs. Hertz. .06 Elite.
MATTRESSES AXD PILLOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized; uphol-
stery: Al carpet cleaning: honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS.. 411 to 415 Powell
St.: tel. Bush 421. - '
Brass, iron bods; mattresses; pillows; window
shades. J.F.Hotter. 712 Mission: tel. Main 7P.r>.
~~~~ ¦ MEDICAL.
X DR O'DONNELL. world-renowned epecial-
1st. X.adles all who are sick or in trouble.
consult the specialist on female complaints;
menstrual female complaints positively cor-
rected: the unfortunate helped; relief in all
cases taken: the most difficult cases treated;
have relieved thousands of most obstinate
cases; free. conSdentlal advice on all subject*
• of a delicate nature. DR. G. W. O'DON-
NELL. office & residence. 1013 Mkt. op. 5th.
MRS. D. WYETH — Reliable ladies' specialist;
30 "years' experience; instant relief guaran-
teed; home before and during confinement:
infants adopted. 410 O'Farrell. near Taylor.
MRS. KOHL, specialist. 410 O'Farrell st.
LADIES, consult the original MRS. DAVIE3
at the old office. 1228 Market St.; 30 years-
experience in obstetric and other cases.
MRS. IX GOODWIN, ladies' physician; 25
years' successful experience In S. F. Ma-
ternity Home, 906 Market st.. op. 4th: fee low.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable ladles'"
specialist; a private home before and durins
confinement: best medical care; low fees.
HINDOOHERB and MRS. DA VIES' original
method of treatment; maternity home; home
in confinement. 1126 Market St., S. F.
DR. ROSEN. ladles' reliable and sincere spe-
cialist. 1007% Market: avoid delay; $10.
DR. NG TOY KEE. 210 Stockton st.. opposite
Union gqmtre: all dlseaaea cured by herbs.
MISCELLANEOUS— FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont at.
8 H. P. MARINE (Scotch) boiler $100
4 H. P. marine engine (steam) ....$73
8 H. P. boiler and steam pump $ioo
6 H. P. boiler and duplex pump $75
Sparking dynamos for- gas engines $10
All size pipe cheap; all- size belting, 1 in to>
36 In. wide. H. S. WHITE, 130-132 Beale.
A — BUTS, sells, or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st.
, BAR fixtures; blg_stock; installments; billiard
and pool tables; easy terms or rented. Tho
Brunswick-Balke-Collender Co.. 632 Mission.
SEALSKIN iuitable for 36 or 38 bust; elegant
I quality; condition finest; cost originally $225
• for $100 cash. Box 3896. Call.
| O}JE 25 H. P. steam engine power lathe, 14
feet, complete -with tools; good as new. Box
4467. Call office.
j $15 — DOMESTIC sewing machine; 5 drawers;
i attachments; good order. 1571 Market St.,
near Twelfth.
FINE automobile; will exchange for 75 H. P.
engine, motors or real estate. Address box
86B3, Oakland. ¦
A — $2 5O DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 73. Popu-
lar Price Hattera. 330 Kearny st., near Pine.
1 FINE suits, $10; dress pants. $2 73. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLOKS. 437 Montgomery st
. A — SEALSKIN jacket for sale lor $U3. Port-
land Lean Office, 25 Stockton st.
• GOOD bicycle, with coaster brake and lamp;
also bouse furniture; cheap. S7-1 Howard st.
FURNITUP.E of 4 rooms for ea!e cheap and
rooms to let. C24 Capp st.
I 1ST-CLASS 2d-hard modern engines and boiler*
j bought, sold. Krogh Mi?g. Co.. 519 Market.
MOTOR cycle, cheap: faat; reliable; nearly
new. Box 4247, Call.
ALI# sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, hall
price. S63 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d st3.
BOATS, launches, rowboats carried in Btock.
BAKER & HAMILTON.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters (all
makes). ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montz'y.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pic-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK, 131 Post st.
NEW home and Domestic sewing machine;
good order; complete; cheap. - 1915 Mission.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2d-hand
and launches. J. E. DOAK. 39C Mission st.
ENGINES and boilers: second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE. 1T9 Beale st.
SAFES — New and secend-hand. THE HEII-
I * MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
CHEAPEST and best In America — The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada ond year for SI.
MISCELLANEOUS WAXTs!
TIMBER wanted— A tract of saw timber want-
ed, situated ao as to have a home market:
•will pay stumpase or saw by contract. Ad-
dreas box 4484. Call office.
WILL cay cash and good prices for old seal-
skins; address at once; will call anywhere
within 25 miles of city. Box 2278. Call offlc-.
-' .
BIG prices paid for sealskin coats; also gents'
full dress and Tuxedo suits. Portland Lean
Office. 25 Stockton st. : phone Bush 484.
! WANTED — Small building to tear down; must
be good, cheap. Address box 4381. Call.
Wanted — 2d-hand electric motors, all sizes, in
any condition. Farnsworth El. Wks.. 413 Turk.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th st. : tel. Jessie 2S51.
/ MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS. .
THE Simplex piano player is the most won-
derful of all piano players: it plays musia
in such a way as to captivate the best
. musical people, because its playing: Is not at
all mechanical, the expression being purfect
and the manipulation the simplest. Call and
hear them play, and play them yourself, at 1
any time. THE ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC 4
CO., 7G9 Market st. i T
ALTHOUGH many seemingly advantageous
propositions are offered in tha way of prices
and terms upon pianos, please bear in mind
that we can not only duplicate them, but can
offer exceptionally .fine pianos and largest
E assortment of best makes to choose from.
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO... Steinway dealers,
cor. Kearny and Sutter sts.. 3. F. ; Broad-
way and Thirteenth sts.. Oakland.
A GREAT opportunity — We will rent or sell
60 new standard high-grade pianos at $3 50
a month. Some special bargains:
1 Knabe $05 2 Chickeringa $165
1 Sommer -..'. $38 1 Heine....; $235
1 Hyde $35 2 Stsinway .$265
New second grade. $98 up. -HEINE PIANO
CO., Heine Hall, 235-237 Geary st.
ATTENTION, BAROAIN-HTTNTER3—
Second-hand upright pianos from $53 up.
Second-hand square pianos from $50 up. * ,'
Second-hand organs from $25 up; new upright
pianos from $175 up. BENJ. CURTAZ &
SON, 16 to 20 O'Farrell. Chickering. ila3on
and Hamlin, Vose, Sterling pianos.
ANY piano sold by u 3 taken back any tliaa
within 2 years and full purchase price al-
lowed onr a new peerless Knabe. at regular
price; costs you only 20c a day - to buy a
piano from us. KOHLER & CHASE. 30
¦ O'Farrel! st.; established 1S50.
LUDWIG pianos — Most popular of all. For sale
only by the Wiley B. Allen Co.. 931 Market
St., San Francisco. Agents Chase &. Bakar
piano players.
AUCTION! 'AUCTION! AUCTION! ~ i
Everything must go; PIANOS are sellinjiA,
like hot cakes for storage, $40 up. WIiJT
SON'S STORAGE. 1710 Market st.
S.OHMER & CO. pianos; Byron Mauzy pianos:
Lester pianos: Spielmann planes; CeciUan
perfect piano player; pipe organs. 308. 310.
312 Post st.
SMALL upright. $35: larga cabinet grand up-
right. $l£0: square pianos, $35 up: A. P.
.Cameron, walnut case, almost new. $275.
Bowers & Son, 23 5th st., Ivers & Pond asfts.
DECKER & SON. Wissner and Baumeistsr
pianos, as well as many good second-hand in-
struments at MAUVAIS'. 769 Market st.
UPRIGHT piano. $100; splendid bargain: best
' renting pianos in city for $.': per month.
__SCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 560 Hayea st.
WE offer for one week 12 beautiful pianos at
' bargain prices from $95 up. F. w. SPEN-
i CER & CO.. corner Sutter and Powell sts.
i OUR planes, the leading- makers;. price S10O up-
ward; value? h»s«t in the city. PTETtCE'S
PIANO FACTORY. Market. 14th and Church.
A FINE lot of artistic pianos now on display
at the new music store of THE WILEY B.
." ALLEN CO.. S31 Market st.
\ ABSOLUTE sacrifice — Beautiful tone high-grada
upright piano: going East. 811 O'Farrell st.
j> 3 LEADING pianos. Steinwav, ' Chickering"
.Weber, other jiiakes. at FAY'S. 1720 Mission.
1 WANTED,— Four good squares for halls.
BYRON MAUZY. 310 Post »t.
2 ELECTRIC self-playln? pianos; bargains.
. BYRON. MAUZY. r.10 Post st. ,.
.BARGAIN, great sacrifice: 2 .upright* nearly
new, JOS. SCIIM1T2 & CO.. If. McAllister.
j SUPERIOR violins. lithers. old and new. Kl
i MLLLLR. maker. " repairer." ¦• S LatHam slac*.
VAXTS-1- Contlt»Ttpd..V; ¦
A— MISS M. . WILLE, 326a""ei Ills ;• clairvoyantT ,
, crystal seer; read3 your life correctly without ¦
ques.; full names; t 50c-$I;; 10 a.m.-to 8 p.m.
MRS.. LAYON. .wonderful fortune telier;. truth
or no pay; 25c and 50c. 704 Howard, cor. 3d.
MRS.TJACQUE, trance,' sittings & palmistry
$1; card reading. 25c & 50c. 309 Oth bt., r. 12.
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader from Louisiana;
only 10c: from 1 to 8. .262 Minna St.; nr.4th.
CARPET BBATISG AND CLEARiaG.
WHEN ' you become i disgusted with poor j work
> send to SPATJLDING'h: Pioneer Carpet-beat-'
ing Works, 353-357 Tehama St.; tel. South 40.
American Carpet -beat Ing Works— Cleaning, 3c;
renovated." relaid. 104 14th st. ;• tel. Capp 3524.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. '402 Kutter St.;
tel. Main :;04. GEO. WALCOM & CO.; Prop.
-RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet- beating works; prices
reasonable. 170:5 Harrison st. ; tel. Mission 26."..
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-cleaning Works.
333 Golden Gate ave.; telephone East 126. ,
J. E." MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 34thst.: tel. - v Mi™ion 74. •-¦..-•¦"
COLLECTION OFFICES. _
COLUMBIAN Law and Collection Agency, Cth
floor. 010 Market Bt.; advice free. TeL Bush
191; ab'.e body of, attorneys. : \ ".'¦¦ ' . • -
GKORGE - W.~ KELLY'S Agency— No * charge
unless BUCCegsfUL Room 310. 027 Market st. -
COTTAGES TO LET. ;.'-._ V
COTTAGE of 4 rooms; rent $8. I Lombard st.
FINE cottage, 4 rooms, bath, modern.': 21S
Locust ave... bet. Van Ness & Franklin; $20.
DENTISTS.
A— DR. T. S. HIGGINS, 927 Market St., Emma
' Spreckels bldg. — Painless dentistry at reason-
able prices;; pure gold, fillings, $1 50; other
fillings, $1; gold and porcelain crowns,' $5
up; plates, a full set of teeth. that look nat-
ural and guaranteed, $5 up. , .
Painless extraction. * .. '
I do first-class work only and guarantee It.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and 'fillings; extractions or fillings by my
i wonderful secret, painless 'method; 20 years'
I experience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell St.
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. S09 Market, cor.
/ 4th, r. 7, Flood bldg. ; extractions done pain-
i lessly; teeth without plates cur specialty; gold
I crowns $3 GO up; ¦ plates, extractions free, $4 50
i up; office hours, 9 a. m. to J) p. m.; Sundays,
; » to 2. J. W. THATCHER, D.D.S.. Manager.
I EASY Dental Parlors, 6 Turk fit., cor. Mason—
| Expert painless extractors;- skilled operators;
K»s given: lady attendant. R. C. ANDER-
i SON, D. D. S.. proprietor and manager.-
A NEW plate— The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 years; crowns, $?> 50; fillings, 50c
plates, $5, full set: all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors,. 24 Sixth st.
*EE my new pink ivory plates; see my new
unbreakable bridge; both warranted lifetime;
crowns. $2; fillings. 25c. Dr. Brown, 54 Sixth.
DR.R.L. WALSH. 817 Geary, nr. Larkin— Pain-
less est.. 50c; plates up; phone Polk 1135.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 2."3 I-Cearhy, cor. Bush—
Full set ot teeth. $4; crowns. $3; fillings. 50c. %
MEYER. 4G O'Farrell, late of C Turk St.;
crown and bridge work; gas specialist.
DR. E. P. SHEPARD, 14 Geary St.; expert
workmanship only; reasonable; hours 10 to 4.
SET of teeth without . plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1841. Polk st. ¦¦./¦
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—
> CIa.«s rates: patterns cut. ,1019 Market st. :..,
| " " «—.——— .
j DOG IIOSI'ITALS.
! DR. CREELY'S C. P. dogTcap by' druggists
I or at the Hospital. 510 Golden Gate ave. .
EmjCA , I , lo^. Al —
NEERING — Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion, laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
practical; day and night. 24 Post Bt., S. F.;
catalogue free. '
AYRF.-S' Leading Business College, 723 Market
— $S per month; $50 life scholarship guaran-
tees a complete bus. education; shorthand,
typing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship,
spelling. Spanish, etc.; experienced teachers;
r.ew typewriters; positions secured: cat, free.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES, 24 POST ST..
S. F. — Thorough courses; complete equipment:
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering: day and night; catalogue free.
A— The LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges ryeferences. President Jordan or any
Stanford Yrofessor. Phelan building.
A — THE official reporters of Supreme Court ad-
vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHEH.
MARSH COLLEGE. Is this advice worth
following? Life scholarship $50; catalogue.
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallet School,
associated with theatrical agency securing po-
sitlons. Alcazar building. 120 O'Farrell st.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec, minlng.mech.sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve. ; est. 1S64. Van
dcr Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
ACCOUNTING— Most thorough course on coast;
beginners and- college graduates perfected.
TAP>R, expert accountant. 219 Parrott bldg.
CALIFORNIA Business College; most thorough
modern methods; positions for all graduates;
new 60-page catalogue free/ -305 Larkin bt
ALL Gregg stenographers secure positions; 14
good positions last week: rapid figures a spe-
cialty. S. F. Business College, 1236 Market.
EPANISH,French,etc.Prof.De PMlIppe'sAcademy
of Languages.320 Post ;estab'd 1871 ;ablest profs.
VIOLIN, guitar, mandolin, banjo taught' in
class. $1 month. 183(i Eddy: phone Pine 433.
MARY P.-WESTHAUS, piano, mandolin, guitar
lessons, 50c; piano for practice. .39 Fifth st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar. Writing,
etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. Oth.
SHORTHAND taught by mall / or personally.
MISS M. G. BARRETT. 302 Montgomery st.
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof. MERKI, good
teacher. 100S Mission; Instruments selected.
Chicago Business College, 1435 Market, nr.lOth;
Pitman shorthand, typing, bopkkeep.; $6, mo.;
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY | and
ILLUSTRATION— night class.: 424 Pine St. .:
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St., S. F.;
founded 1863: new SO-page- catalogue free.
: EMPLO A'JHENT OFFICES.'
A— JAPANESE reliable house-Cleaning, cook3
and waiters furnished at short notice. Geo.:
Kinoshita. 1223 Page, cor. Lyon; tel. Fell S501.
CHINESE and ' Japanese Employment Office-
Best help. 411^ O'Farrell St.; tel. East 420.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20. years.
Tel. M*in 1997. BRADLEY & CO., 640 Clay.
Grand Japanese-Chinese Emp.Office, 415 Stock-
, ton; tel. Grant 168; "expert,, reliable help. \ .
JAPANESE and Chinese best help; j cook *and
waiter. 421 Post.. GEO. AOKI: tel. Bush 135.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. ' 315 Stockton; Main 51S3.
JAPANESE ' Intelligence Office — Furnish most
reliable help. 524 Bush st. ; tel. : 5J.6.
ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese, Chl-
nese help. 426 Powell.nr. Sutter :t»l. Black 5072.'
EMPLOYMENT WANTED- -FEMALE. .
ENGLISH' governess desires several ¦ hours'
daily teaching; three years' experience ..in
San Francisco; English, French (Parisian),
German, music; excellent ' references. Box
-43S2.. Call. , '." . :- '. ; : '.'-. \ j
YOUNG. woman with a boy 8 years old wishes !
a position as cook in the country or logging
camp. M. C. .'B., 530 Eighth. St., Oakland, I
Cal.\ :.- .. - ; . : -. "j ¦---'¦-. ¦"
LADY, exnerienced, educated, desires position
as housekeeping manager in home or. insti-
. tution ; accounts, corresoondence, etc ; ' abso-
lutely reliable; references. Box 4384, Call. :
GOOD laundress wants flannels or other under-
. wear to wash at- home; will do mending.
Address S. L., 4 Elizabeth place,; oft Folsom
St., 'between r Third . and Fourth.
FIRST-CLASS housekeeper ; : gQod worker ;¦ first-
class laundress; can do! almost any kind of
wash; strong and willing; work by the "day.
. 116 Fourth st., room 16; wages $1- 10. '-
YOUNG; housekeeper with 4-year-old ! chlld :
¦ wants a; place. -\ Call at 91 Shipley St., .'off
Fourth., upstairs. " : _, .. . .. :-..:".:
AN exuerienced . lady wishes copying, -address-
ing -¦ envelopes and circulars " or; bookkeeping,
to be done at, home. Bex 4369, -, Call- office. ,
PROTESTANT . . wishes- ; permanent
housework position; neat andUrellable. Please
address; stating wages,. box.4371,- Call.; - ; v .
a: GIRL,, age > 15,' -- wishes ',' a ; position to assist
in light housework or care of small children.
Call or address 1106 ,Pe Haro>st.':. •¦ r-- ••¦ ;.
AMERICAN woman • wishes ' position | n« house-
keeper or take charge of rooming-house., Call
¦ : at 34- Sixth St., room" 0, from' ti. to 8. ; ;
YOUNG Swedish- girl; wishes position" to ¦- do'
' f general housework; wages : $25.': .Call "at
. Moss st., off Howard, f near. Seventh. ': ' : ." *,y.
CAPABLE woman work '-by : ; the 'day,'
•:: washing / or ho-usecleanlng. Call or .'address
A./N.. 220 Third st. i '¦ \ •..-.¦ .; ••• , ?
COMPETENT v woman, .^good cook \: and ,laun-
:-f dres3. ; wishes situation i In -American family;
city or country; no pbstalB.:: 136 Sixth st.'- ; - i ••*¦•
FASHIONABLE dressmsklng:! perfect fit guar-
, antecd;- terms reasonable.- 763 'McAllister. st.'
EMPLOVMEXT WASTED— REMALE.
RESPECTABLE. colored girl desires situation
. second- work, or ' nursins; references; wages
. $20.,- 107 Bernard st.,off Jones, between Pa-
, cific and Broadway. ¦ -. v - ¦¦..-¦ - ; "-'¦-" : ¦'"¦^/:' : -
¦YOUNG V German cirl wants Position; upstairs
¦¦¦; work and waiting. -, Box 4293.^ Call. . ,' -- *:-
SWEDISH girl wants position" 1 to do ¦ general
"hpiisowork. Box .431)7, : Call. office. , -.-./ '.
COLORE»~lady wishes a place as good- plain
coolt. -, -*. 1S17 Green st. ¦ ¦'¦' •¦'¦'.- '" ".- "'
SWEDISH .girl wants- to work by the day,
¦¦: washing and - housecleaning. 405 Stevenson.
COMPETENT womarTto, go out .by. the. day. to
v-do washing or cleaning. J '22O Minna st. '
AN experienced j English teacher desires pupils ; ,
. - copying, | addressing | envelopes and circulars
at home. 'Call or address Teacl>er, , 1230
¦¦ Jeckscnst.v ,- : -. .-.- , -. .' ¦ ..-..'„ .-.
FRENCH -,lady, (native) wishes pupils , ,to • ln-
, struct in that, language.- 1201. Leavenworth
st:: reception hours 0 to 10 a. m.. ,7 to S p." m.
WANTED— A > position as housekeeper where
help is kept: ' citv or country. Address box
¦ 4486. Call office."- y : ;¦"';. .'.-.'" --' * - -
GOOD • stenographer 'wishes position; small
wages to , get . experi ence. Box 43D7, Call. .
WANT.: a d s and subscriptions taken lor.' The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar, G39 McAllister st.
WINCHESTER House «J Third at., near Mar-
- ket— 200 rooms; 25c "to $1 50 per night: ?1 50
-. : to $6 week; convenient nnd respectable: free
bus and baggage to - arid from ferry. = -¦'¦.-
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A. BRANCPI, office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has-been established at lODtt
st. "-..'.. , - .-¦''¦
EMPLOYMENT WANTBD— MALE.
A GARDENER^~first~ class, thorouehly com-
petent, propagating, greenhouse work, orna-
mental bedding, fruit and vegetable growing,
V wishes .' steady position; country preferred;
... good referenocs.. Gardener, box 4383. Call.
A YOUNG man, • ijood habits, neat appearing,
experienced in bar and prrocery business, de-
sires a steady position; best references
given. Pox ,43313, Call. " •-.-'• -'¦ " "¦
WANTED — Position in store or with advertis-
: ing company by good salesman; is up to date:
show card and sign writer; willing to go out
of city.' Box 4365. Call office. , '
YOUNG, married man, wishes .position on "a
ranch as foreman; competent to manage farm
hands. Call or adddress 530 Eighth . St.,
Oakland, Cal. •¦ - ¦>.•-•'..•' :.'...
COACHMAN and nil-round man' wantfl posi-
. tion; ¦ first-class horseman and washer; best
- of references. » Address Coachman, 123 Eddy.
BARTENDER, experienced in city and country
business, desires position; -references. Ad-
i drefs box 4204, Call. . '. ¦ ' I
MIDDLE-AGED honest German man : wants
• position; understands gardening, . do milking,
.'.. clean windows on private place or where a
good man required; -general man all around;
good references. Address F. H., California
Hotel, room 5, East Berkeley. ;
YOUNG man from - the East who • is able • to
make liquor and fruit essences, also bon-
bon flavors, owns fine receipts, wishes posi-
tion. Flavors, 724 Mission st.', Niagara i
House. . . ¦ ¦ ., ' . ¦
SITUATION wanted by thoroughly competent j
- temperate and reliable all around florist and I
gardener: single, age 35; life experience ¦ In
' all branches ; references; private place. Ad-
dress S. G., box 4226. Call office.
MAN and wife (German) want to take charge
• of place In country; man experienced farmer,
orchardist and vlneyardist; reference. 237
Minna St., "In rear house. No. 14.- .
GERMAN gardener (married), thoroughly com-
petent In care of private place or green-
" houses,' wishes position, in Oakland preferred,
references. Address box 3C07, Call, Oakland.
WANTED — A '. position as lumber checker or
talller for a lumber, company; 20 years' ex-
perience: In or out of the city. Address box
4300, Call.
WANTED — By a young man, a position In
wholesale house; 4 years' experience In gen-
eral merchandise; good reference. Address
box 4221, Call. '.
ENGLISH farmer's son wishes position on
dairy or stock ranch; have had California
experience; with view to partnership; best
of reference. Box 4228. Call. , . -' .
WANT situation — Bartender or gamekeeper; no
'» : trlflers:-" Address 4395. Call office..
SITUATION by a young man IS years of age In
wholesale house: living. with parents; beat of
references. Box 4398, Call office.'
BOOKKEEPER, age 22. would like position in
or out of city; prefer lumber business. Ad-
dress box 4300, Call office.
COMPETENT young man~24 desires position
tt3Njlrlver. Box 4246. Call." -'-.-.-¦
SITUATION wanted by watchman; best of ref-
erences. Watchman, 421 Minna st.
CHINESE first-clas3 cook wants- situation In
family; washing. 824 Sacramento Bt., sec-
ondfloor. Lee Gung.
~J?™*?L£}£t}'- -- - . . .... .
PACIFIC Underwriting &.Trust Co. (Inc.) — We
have 42 offices in operation; new method of
placing stocks arid- bonds; companies incor-
porated; stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
' or address main office, 507-S-O Parrott bldg.
COMPANIES Incorporated and financed: stocks
.and bonds sold; good projects wanted; inves-
tigate our underwriting guarantee plan; write
us. Pac. States Mining & Invest. Co.,S20Post.
;-¦--¦/ : FLATS -TO LET.
FOURTEENTH, 72S— 5 Iarge~sui7ny "room's and
bath ; Castro and Fillmore cars.
BAY-WINDOW sunny flat, 5 rooms. 28%
.-. West Mission - St., . bet. Twelfth and Brady.
SEE this flat; B rooms and bath; $11. 2022
Laguna St., near Union.
FLATS TO LKT— KUKXISHUU..
FURNISHED flat; rooms and bath; : sunny
side; rent reasonable. 132A Fourteenth st.
HANDSOMELY furnished ! modern five-room
fiat for sale or rent cheap. 647 Ellis st.
¦ FLATS WANTED.
FUR. flat 6 -or" 8 rooms; desirable locality for
summer; reasonable; no chll. Box 4196, Call.
FCRMTURE FOR SALE.
AT a sacrifice — Contents of 6-room flat; furnl-
¦ ture, carpets, draperies, etc., as a whole or in
part; call between 10 and 12 a. m. 700 Grove
. st., corner Webster. .
4 ROOMS furnished, in- oak, $48 50, with No 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
EIGHT-ROOM 'flat furniture for sale. 475
.Fourth st. , top .loor. : . :
FURNITURE IV ANTED. -
BIG price paid for furniture for 60 days; special
reasons. WAUGH,_r. 415, Examiner bids.
A.WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St.; : pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
' "- ' -. ; . ,- GLOVES.
D."& F. BLACK BuedTgTweTb&sTnr'tnTw^^
warranted; kept in' repair. 121 Grant -ave. : .
HELP WASTED— FEMALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S.-.Phone Grant 18&
' HOTEL DEPARTMENT . .....:,.
Chambermaid, first-class hotel, city!.. . ; . .$20
Chambermaid, short distance, nice place. $20
j I Cook and helper, city, ' boarding-house. . ; .if.40
• Restaurant waitresses .......... ...,S7 week
J Waitress, nice home restaurant.'. 1 ; .'. .$0 week
20 waitresses, city and country... ::.$20-$30
Cooks, helpers in kitchen; women for general
work, .hotels, city and country ...... ...
Nurse. Institution city: ........•...'.... :.§20
/• • t FAMILY DEPARTMENT . . . . . ...
. A working housekeepsr for .•: family, of 2,
towels and napkins to wash, $35' and- freei
' fare. State of Nevada; cooks, housegirls/sec-
, • ond girla, nursegirls, city and country, best ;
¦ ofwagea ..'......,.......¦..¦...¦.." .........'
¦ C. R. HANSEN & CO.:.... -.104 Geary st.
WANTED— 3 cooks, little . wash, - $30; : German
... or' French lady's maid, $25; mother and
daughter as cook and second girl" $35; • 4
cooks, $25; 2 dishwashers. $20; cook, private
. boarding-house,' $25; 10 hotel and restaurant
waitresses, , $<; and ?8 and $25 per month;
nurse for children, nursery, $20;--3 second
girls, $20. $25; laundress, : no shirts. ' $25,
country; chambermaid, $20; 6 chambermaids,
.wait one meal, $20. J. F. CROSETT & CO., I
• 334 Sutter st.< -¦ .- -• ., •
2 ' MORE . salesladies for ¦ candy * store,, no ¦¦' ex-"
. perience necessary,' -. $7 week ; ¦ orefer ' girls
- who live at home. MRS. M. E.' DAY & CO..
.V J35 Geary st. ¦?. , : * ' ( '
WAITRESSES, commercial, city and resort*.'
,$20 to $30.. MRS. M. ,E. D AY . & CO.; > 338
. ; Geary.' st. ' ' ¦ . ¦ .•,;:>. • . ¦ .--. -.
WANTED— Experienced ' saleswoman ' in cloak
. and suit department: Apply DAVIS, SCHON-
¦WASSER & CO., 134 Post st.
LADY' of i Indomitable energy, possessed j of self-
• ¦; apsertion ; good \ opportunity for right . party.'
F.?- PERSON,, room ; 412, Parrott building. , •;
WANTED— 25,000 ladies to.call at, 1065 Market
:; /St.; to-day, at 2:30 p. 'm:,'" and 'continue to call
,''; for 'three .days. . • ; . ' . . ¦¦",;'¦ : '
Y'OUNG \ German girl • for a first-class , conf ec-
: tionery and' lunch "parlor in a 'large' country
.town... 810 . Turk st. • ' . . . ¦
OPERATORS on .ladles' waists to take work
home. COO Mission st", third floor. .<
IAS FRAXCISCO " CALL.
I BUSINESS OFFICE, of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; cpea
tmtll 12 o'clock every night in the year. "
BRANCH OFFICES — 5'-!7 Mor.tcomery ftreet.
eorner Ciey; open until 9:30 p. m. •
600 Hayes Etreet; open "until 9:30 [.. m.
€39 McAllister street; open until r*:.'.O p. m.
S15 Larkin ttreet: open until 9:30 p. tn.
1941 Mission Btreet; open until 10 p. ta. . "...
C2C1 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
cntll 9 p. in. ; -. .'-!¦"-..
iVH Eleventh ctreet; open unUI » p- tn.' •\'. i - .
10s*<5 Valencia street: ooen until » p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-Second ; and Ken-
- tuelty trtreets; open until 3 p. m. •¦. '
J2Q0 Fillmore Ftreet: open ur.tll 0 p. m.
MEETING JVOTICES^
A STATED meeting of San -_ __,..
Frenc'sco Consistory No. 1. iAS/ f\
A. and A., Scottish Rite of ££%^&£>rk
Freemasonry, Commanciery Jfe$J&&'i£«r£
. Hall, Masonic Temple, fiy rjr^Twl
THURSDAY EVENING. $T^g&LrJH
Marcli 20, l»02. •^STS/?
HENRY BURNER,
Registrar. "^
MISSION CHAPTER No. 79. R. A. M. n .
— Stated meotins THIS fTmTRS- -J'V-
DAY) EVENING. 7:30 o'clock. liu*i- J&2\
ncFf; Royal Arch decree.- By order of f *
the H. P. JNO. K. HlLL&iAX. Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. F. ar.d A. •
M.. will meet THIS <TliURSDA* > «^%_
EVENING. March 20. ar 7 :W o'clock. /KjC
Third degree. By order or the Mas- / >
ter. FBAKKtfM H. DAY.' Secretary-.
FIDELITY Ledre No. 120. V. and A. ¦
M.— Special meetimr THIS (THURS- _#%_
DAY) EVENING, a.t 7 o'clock. First )O\ |
degree. Masons cordially Invited. By / V » !
order of the W. M.
FREDERICK BARRY. Secretary. |
DORIC Lodge No. 216. F. and A. M. — •
Special meeting THIS (THURSDAY) -tfV.
EVENING, at 7:.;0 o'clock. Second TS2T
degree. Sojourning brethren are ia-/^rA
vlted. By order of the Master.
J. R., GOLDSMITH. Secretary.
JCOTICE of Meetinz cf Stockholders— rOfflce of
the Union Trust Company of San Francisco. .
Number 2 Monteamery street, northeast cor^
ner of Montgomery and l'ott streets. San
Francisco, Cal., Jan. «th. ltKC — Notice =s
hereby given that pursuant to a resolution
of the board of directors cf the Union Trust
Company of San Francisco, a corporation,
adopted on the 9th day cf January, 11*02, at
a. meeting of said board, duly held at thf
office of said company, in the city and coun-
ty of San Francisco. State of California, a
majority of the^ncmbeis of eaid board beiiiK
present, a meeting of the stockholders of sail
company will be held at the office and prin-
cipal place of business of said corporation, to
wit, in the rear room on the ground floor of
the building on ths n oriheast corner of Mont-
gomery and Port streets, known as No. '.'.
Montgomery street, in the city and county vt
Ban J-rancieco. State of California, eii-i
buildine being the buficiing where the board
of directors of said corporation usually meet.
and said room beirts the room in said buiffl-
'.ng where the stockholders of said eoriKU'a-
tion usually meet, on THURSDAY, the '.'Tih
. <!ay of March, l!»02, at 3 o'clock p, m.. for
the object and purpose of thereiipon considei-
ing and voting upon a proposition to inersa«e
the capital stock of said curjora tion from
JI.250.O00 OO (divided into 12fK» shares of the
par value cf fUrfX) C« each share) ta S1.3i.ki,-
(00 00 (divided into !tpO Blares of the par
value of J1000 On each shave). Hv order of
the board of directors.
UNION TRUST COMPANY OF SAN
FRANCISCO.
__<t!ea!) By I. W. HELLHAN JR.. Secratary.
TOE Board of Medical Examiners of the State
of California will hold a regular met-ting in
the »xamination chanbeis. Civil Srvice Com-
mission. City Hall, \San Francisco Cal., on i
TUESDAY. April l. VM2 at 10a. m. ' ,
C. C. W a.D.S\VORTK, M. D., Sec.
ANNUAL MEETING — The annual meeting of
I the stjckholdeis ot . the Western Surar Re-
:ining Comtiany will be held at. the office ol
Jlie company, :s:2i llarkct st-.-San Francisco.
Cal., on. Monday, thp 31st day of March, |
l'.»02, at the hour of 12 m., for the purpose |
of ejecting a Board of Directors to serve for j
the ensuing year, and the transaction et such
other business as may <-ome before the meet- |
ins-. Transfer bool.s v.-;Il close on FRIDAY, I
March 21st. 7H02. at 12 m. 5
XV. II. 7IANNAM. Secretary. |
ANNUAL Meeting — HiMohinscn Sugar Plan- j
taticn Company — The regular annual meet-
ing cf the -stockholders • of the Kutchlnson
Piigar P!ar.tat:c!i Ccmpany will be held at
the office of the company, .'!27 Market St.. in
"he cjty and county r-.f San Francisco. State
cf California, on TUE5DAY. the 25th day
of March. li»G£. at the hour of 11 o'clock
a. m.. for the purpose of electing a board
cf directors to serve for the ensuing year
and for the transaction of such ether busi-
ness a? majf come before the meeting.' Trans-
fer bcikF wiil ricse Friday. March 11.
5S02. at 3 o'clork v. tju
- T-T. TV. THO1TA" Jg-vTQtarT.
ACIEVTS \VA\T_RD. !
WASTED TlME— If you/are a first -class so- !
licitcr ar.c wasting >?6ur time in some line
not worthy of four aVUity ar.d enersy. come
to us fcrercons. '0 to 12. and we will show
>-ou a proposition, the opoortiinitl^s of which
are as broad as your ability. J. S. CAN-
NON. 319-320 Farrott building. .
AGENTS — Do you vrant something: more profit-
able and easier to sell than bcok<= cr insur-
ance? F. PERSON", ronm -ilC. Parrott bids.
SOLICITORS wanted; good money for right
persons. 21C-21S Gcush i?t.
ASTROLOGY.
HOROSCOPES cast; future predicted: readings
by mail if desired. Raymond. 227 Taylor &t.
ATTOttXEYS AT T.AAV.
R. W. XvING. Etty.. Examiner building, room
C13: all cases: Uaitiagfs, estates, v.-i.ls, mort-
cages. partnerships, attachments, collections,
etc.; legal papers drawn; consultation free:
no advance charges; cpen eve's; call or write, t
ADVICE free: divorces a *pecmity: quick: quiet: j
no chartre without Fucc^f-s: established It; yrs I
«. W. HOWF. *i.V> Market Ft., cor. Stcckton.
ADVICE free: open every evening; low few;
all cases. J. M. THURSTOX, 81U Market st.
!.. S. CLARK. Kama. Fprtckele bidg.. «27 Mar-
?¦:"» St.: cr.r^iitatVn 1r?e: nn f>:-es in ndvanc*.
liXCYCLKS— I-'or Snle «»r lixchnnsre.
ALLEN Is celling Eureka bio-clep fast: swell-
est thing out; agency Cc^umbia.Mor.arch.oth-
«r-rE: repairire belly, pumps. H01 Larkin *t.
BIRDS. DOGS. ETC.
WARBLING canaries and all kinds of song,
talking and fancy birds; gold fish, pet stock.
<-age£, globes, aquarium?; bird and anlma!
fond of all k'nrig. lSJli Market &t..bet.Sth&9th.
IIOAKDIXC; I'on. CHILKItE.V.
WANTED— Home in private family for strong,
healthy cirl biiby, 3 -weeks old; bottle. Ad-
drees box 4370. Call office.
A LITTLE sirl to board, from 4 to 12 years
of age; good home and care. Call or address
J. E-. I^",0 Jacktcn st.
NURSE wishes children at lowest terms; larg?
yunny yard;plicne; r.r. school. 1C07 California.
BOOICS SEW AXD OLD.
BOOKS of all kirds liought; libraries purchased.
H. C. Holmes. ll4iiiMarket: tel. Howard 194t»
, niSIXKSS CHA.XCES^ "
$1500— HOAD bouse with erillroom; choice lo-
cation across the bay; rent $ZQ. including i
furnished rooms; a flrst-clats paying propo-
sition. Particulars R. G. WILKE. 2«ii
Kearny et. \ -
$500— PARTNER wanted in a corner liquor
•tore on Geary st. : rent $35: rare chance'for
n good man. Call R. G. WILKE, 20'4 Kear- I
ny et. . . _ ,j
$2T.f»0 — CORNER grocery and bar; kept by pres- j
ent owner 17 years; a first-class located and 1
paying business: good and responsible man J
¦R-ill find a rare chance. Call R. G. WILKE, t
•JO^ Kearny fet. ¦ • . .j
A— $300; RESTAURANT and chophouse: rent-i
E20; rood place; 1 b'.ock south of Market st- I
Call R. G. WILKE, 2(5% Kearny gt.
A— S1490; SALOON, vicinity of Market and
4th sts.; net rent 540; good paying business;
estab. years. R. G. WILKE, 26%. Kearny.
A— 82500; CHOP ar.d pyster house.~neaa Chron-
icle; lease; place clearing above $250 per
month; death. in family cause of sale. See
R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st. • . ¦
A=-$S50; CORNER saloon with 0 rooms; rents
515; surrounded by planing mills lumber
jards and railroad shops; clearing above S10J
per month. Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A— $8Wi ; HARDWARE and crockery etore with
plumbing shop; on Fourth St.. near Market'
good bustness: rent $20. Call R. G. WILKE'
20;fr Kearny et.
A— PARTNER wanted, with $400 in a well-
established [business that will pay Mm" from
gl.H> to <z00 a month. Rohlfe Co.. 41 Third. '
A CANDY store, manufacturing and Icecream i
S'lSSTuffi^rSr; 1^ I
isssl 'aLFsio.,va^ r semng: j
A— SALQON on Third ct.,' close -to Market- "l
yeare /lease; fine firtures: $1000 stock- good
reaecn selling; $2750. Robifs Co., 41 Third st
A— PHOTOGRAPH gallerj- on Market et nni" \
ly fitted up; doing line business; owner hag
other business ; $1200. RQHLFS CO.; 41 3d i
NOTICE to buyers— It 'will pay yoU to call on
us before buying elsewhere. P. S. DE LUCa
& CO.. 318 Kearny St.. room 1. •"'-"-a
$i.*i0 — Delicatessen & restaurant. N.. of Market- i
great chance for man and- wife: clear* S100 '
mo. . Apply DE LUCA & CO., 318 Kearny.r.j. j
NOTICE t<» stllerE— We have cash buyers for a!l '
¦ .kinds ct buFlnetg • that : will Etand investiza- ,
tiou. P. 6. de Luta & Co.. SIS Kearny, r. L IGasmaker Wenriek Fotind Dead.
' ; I.' J. "Wenrick, a gasmaker, . residing at
2144. Union street, was found dead in bed
yesterday afternoon in A lodging-house at
15 Eddy street. He had been sick and out
of employment since . last November. No
poison', or, other internal evidence. of sui
cide was- found 'in P the room'or, upon the
person of the .dead man. The - stomach
and contents will be sent to ti'ie-ciiy
toxlcologiat: for, analysis. .
Coming Here, to Prosecute Dimmick.
John E. Wllkl-, chief of .the , National
Secret Service Bureau; James M. Beck,
assistant United States Attorney General,
&nd W. S J. Burns, one of the brightest
secret service operatives in the country,
are expected to arrive in this city shortly
to take a hand in the trial, of Walter N.
Dimmick on the indictment charging him
with the theft and embezzlement of $30,000
from; the United States Mint. -Burns was
here several months ago and worked up
the case against Dimmick. The trial will
begin April 10. ¦ r"
Little Pupils at the Circus.
On the invitation of Norrls.& Rowe sev
enty-five children attending the Pioneer
Kindergarten, or. "Silver Stac Free Kin
dergarten," visited the Mechanics' Pa
vilion en Tuesday and enjoyed the per
formance of the cleverly trained animals.
At the conclusion of the performance the
little ones were -treated to a ride on the
ponies. The kindergarten, of which Miss
Mabel Hughes is principal, is a charitable
institution, situated in. the -Latin quarter,
8C6 Sansome street, and is . supported by
the Pioneer Kindergarten . Society, of
which Mrs. G. A. Moore is president.
JOHN.BELL SAYS GAVIN'S
MOTIVES ARE DISHONEST
Secretary of Firemen's Union Op-
poses Member's Suit for Order
¦';';' ,i- ; to Examine Books.
John Bell, secretary of the Pacific Coast
Marine Firemen's Union, filed an affidavit
in Judge Seawell's court yesterday accus
ing John Gavin of dishonest motives in
suing tor an order. compelling him to
show the books of the union. In his affi
davit Bell avers that Gavin commenced
the action in order to disrupt the union.
Bell succeeded Bernard Ward, the sec
retary of the union who was convicted of
embezzling the funds of the organization.
He now claims that Gavin, who is repre
sented by Attorney G. D. Collins, Ward's
attorney; is prosecuting the suit for the
writ in order to aid Coilins In his efforts
to • secure Ward's release on a writ of
habeas corpus. . . . / .- ¦¦ .'
. Bell says that Gavin was tried and con
victed of certain charges at the last meet
ing of the union and .will be expelled.
Alleges That He Has Failed to Pro-
vide for Her for the Past
Year.
Millie Silverstein, who was married to
George Silverstein in January, 1597, filed a
suit for maintenance yesterday. She al
leges that her husband deserted her in
July, 1901, and that since that time he has
not provided for her. She asks to be
awarded $50 per month for the support ot
hreself and child. . .
Louise A. Schmidt is suing William D.
Schmidt, an expert bookkeeper, employed
at Portland, Or., for divorce on the
ground of infidelity. They were married
in 18S0.
Mary L. Walling is suing Norton B.
Walling, an attorney, for divorce on. the
ground of failure to provide. They were
married in 18S5 at Geneva. Wis. Mrs.
Walling asks for $25 per month alimony.
Divorces • were granted yesterday to
Catherine Chappclie from -Francis B.
Chappelle for desertion, E. H. Webb from
Lucy E. Webb for desertion and Mary J.
Brier from Louis Brier for extreme cru
elty.
MTLXIE SILVEKSTEIN" SUES
HER HUSBAND FOR SUPPORT
THE SAN FB^
13
.'.¦¦¦¦¦'. < BOBN.
ETHEN— In this city, to the wife of Joseph
Ethen, a daughter. ; ¦ ¦ . ¦
BIRTHS--MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD ¦ tenant* ' ejected ¦ for $4 ; collections made :
¦-. city g or country. •-", PACIFIC. COLLECTION
CO.." 415 Montgomery. • rooms . 9-10: ¦ tel. G58O
HENRY; J. GALLAGHER CO.
»£uccc«sor to I-'lar.nasan .t Gallagher.*
: ; DANIEL P.- DONOVAN. Mst .
FUNERAL DIKECTOR8 ASI) KMllALJlEBi
- 20 ¦ Kifth et.. /opposite Lincoln- ticnobL
... Telephone South ; R0. ; ¦¦< ; :.
Mt Olivet Cemetery,
; . . , ..: nearest: the citt. '
Office, 916 (Market Street.
"... '5 i. -Telephone .Bush .307. '¦¦; ; ¦; ...
NEW. FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS.
1 Samuel McFadden. , 18 years j manager : for '
the United -Undertakers' 'Association, M. J
;; McErearty.^ with the - name company for is I
years; ;P.(F.* Green./ late with. J.C. O'Con- 1
; nor & . Co;, i have opened new Funeral Par- "•
lor* at 1171 Mission street, between SeVcnili
'end Elshth.--. Telephone South -,-44. t 'j,.
REMOVED! •
(..•-¦¦ /¦."fldcGINN iBHOS.V .'.
FUNERAL DIRECTOKS/ and KMBALM-"
.. EKS. J to 2'H and ( 22ti ¦ McAllister st/ iFor-
" merly of -tTKrlcly lit. .Tel."- South aB2.)
OFFICE of C.Q.'M.. Vancouver -Barrark*
Wafh.. March 14,. 1902,—Sealed proposals In
.triplicate, will be*received here until II a-
. ; m.. April 14. - 1902. ¦ for i furnishing fuel at
- military -posts In; this department- for fiscal
year commencing' July, 1.- 1002.
furnished here or by quartermasters at posts'
•UTJ.'.S. reserves bright to. reject or accept any
or all proposals. orany;part thereof. •' EnveU
lopes containing pro'J^als should be marked-
"ProposalB for Firei-at ,',', addressed J
W. -JACOBS.". C. Q? M. ; V - . :. •¦¦-¦.. . .*' <
Kfianahan Florist* Co.
ARTISTIC FLORAL* DESIGNS •
Prices Reasonable.
107 POWELL ST.ncaaELLJS 2X% 5056
NOTICE TO CONTRACTORS — Office of the
Veterans' Home of ¦ California, room -13, 320
Eansome St.. San Francisco, ¦ Cal. — Under and
In pursuance to' an act entitled "An act to
provide for the erection of a modern hospital
building for the Veterans' Home, located at
Yountville. Napa County. Cal.," and appro-
priating $25,000 therefor (approved March
26. 1901. Statutes, 1901. page 823), and in
accordance with the resolution of the board
of directors of the Veterans' Home of Cali-
fornia, adopted October 12, 1901. the board
of directors of the Veterans' Home of Cali-
fornia her»hy Invites and advertises for
tealed proposals for furnishing the materials
and performing the labor for the 'erection
and construction of said hospital building, at
the said Veterans' Home at Yountville, Napa
County, -in accordance with the nlans, de-
scriptions, bills and specifications prepared
therefor by George T. de Colmesnll. archi-
tect; and that contracts based upon such
sealed proposals will be let, made and en-
tered into; said plans, descriptions, bills and
specifications can be seen and examined be-
tween the hours of 9 a. m. and 5 o'clock p.
m. of each and every business day, from
the date hereof to the; date of said contract
or- contracts, at the office of the said di-
rectors of said Veterans' Home, room 13,
320 Eansome st., San Francisco. Cal
Separate bids will be received and separate
contracts let and entered into as herein-
i above .set forth, for each of the following
' parts of eaid building, erection" or structure.
Including the furnishing of labor and ma-
terials neceesary therefor, as required by an
act • entitled "An act to regulate contracts
on behalf of tne State In relation to erection
of buildings" (approved March 23. 1876
Statutes 1875-6, page 427), and the acts
amendatory , thereof, that la to say for the
following parts, namely:
First, for the masonry work. Including all
brick, stone.' terra cotta and concrete work.
¦ Second, for the • carpenter, plastering, elec-
tric and glazing ! work. ,.
Third, tor the plumbing work.
Fourth, for the .heating work.
Fifth, for the tinning, galvanized iron and
listing work, and
Sixth, for the painting and *raln!nc
Said work as herein provided for compris-
ing the administration block, and the two
front wards as ehown on said pian*. descrip-
tions, bills and specifications, including the
furnishing of materials and the necessary
labor therefor. *
The work is to be done under the surer
vision and direction of Isaac H. Small, «n<i
the bulldings # and grounds and the hospital
committees of said Veterans' Home ' actln-
for and on the behalf. of its said board of
directors. . . ' ¦
A separate contract will be let for as mnnv
different kinds of work as are herelnabov*
specified. No bid or proposal will be iecei?ert
or considered unless accompanied, with a cood
and sufficient bond of said Proposer or bid
der. equal to 10 per cent of his proposal or
bid,, with sufficient sureties conditioned that
If said proposal or bld_«hall be accepted the
party proposing or bidding w m dm y enter
into a'proper contract and faithfully perform
his or their contract or contracts, in accord?
ance with. said proposal or bid. and the Plan,
descriptions. , bills and specifications which
are hereby made a part of this ¦ nottcTand
of any contract to be let hereafter
Said sealed bids or proposals m u «t be de-
livered to the »aid directors of the Veteranv
Home of California, or to the secretary the?e
«f. at the office of eald .directors room li"
320 Sansome «t.V in the^city and': county of
San Francisco.. Bute of ; California, on or
before the hour of 1:30 ' P. m. of th-» twenty-
.¦ second day of March. 1002 which i,hlrebv
designated as the time and place where the
»ald sealed bids or proposals will fee opened
by the said directors of the said Veterans'
Home, and Bald contracts let and made
If In the opinion of said board of director,
of the said Veterans' " Home the accentanrp
of the lowest of said sealed bids or "« P p^Sj.
shall not be for . the best interests of The
State, eald board of directors hereby reserves
th- right to any of said bids or pro-
posals opened %s In; their opinion may be'for
the best interests of the State, under and in
accordance with and as provided by the' term,
of. section -4 of the, said act entitled "Ail
act to reeulate contracts on behalf of the
State in relation to erection of buildines"
(approved March 23. 1876. Statutes 1875-8
page 427). or to reject any or all of said
cealed . bids' cr proposals. ; • - ;
, For further,, Information and particulars
bidding^ contractors "are hereby referred to
the secretary of the board of directors of said
Veterans'. Home; at the office of, said board
of directors; as ihereinabove set forth.
- . By < order of i the board of. directors of th«
Veterans' : Home of California. : • ; " l ' ne
' J. J. SCOVILLE. Secretary
Dated February 10. 1902. •- Ory '
PROPOSALS.
DIED.
Anderson. Gustave Little, Beatrice L.
Boyle. Sara . McDermott, Mary A.
.BrtfokB.-Mrs.-C. F.. McDonald, John E. .
Carrel.. Henrietta Manuel. Annie R.
Curtin, Michael J. Morrissey, Margar-
Dolman, Christine C. ette . : - •
Getchell, Estella C. Nichols,- Mary
Harrison, Caroline Mohrmann. John H.
Jennings, Barbara : Sotter. Robert F.
Jones. Charles A. SuUlvan, Jamea
Killion, Bridcret 'Xhelssing, Mrs. B.
Kittredge (infant) Thompson, Olof E.
ANDERSON— In this city, March 19, 1902.
Gustave ; Adolph Anderson, beloved brother
of Mrs. Annie- Hansen and -the late Axel
Anderson,, -a native of Gottenbunr, Sweden,
aged 41 years 5 months and 24 days.
¦-'¦ CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at- 2 o'clock, from his late resl-
[ dence, "3 Stanford street, off Brannan, be-
tween Second and Third. • Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery, by electric funeral car.
BOYLE — In Virginia City," Nev., March 19
1902, Sara Boyle, widow of the late Colonel
I E. D. Boyle, a native of San Francisco, aged
4H years. ,
: tc>" Notice of funeral hereafter. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. :
BROOKS — In this city, March • 19, 1902, i Mrs.
Catherine F. Broc-ks, daughter of James Mc-
Carthy, and mother of Geneva, Walter and
John Brooks, a native of San Francisco,
aged :50 years 10 months and lu days.
(E7"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Friday), at 10:15 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. -O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church for serviced
at 10:30 o'clock. " Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. • ¦.
CARREL— In this city. March 10. -1902, Hen-
• rletta Carrel, dearly beloved wife of Alex-
ander M. Carrel, and beloved sister of Martin
Morris, a native of San p'rancisco. ased 34
years 7 months and 7 days. . . ¦ .
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 71 Willow avenue, between Larkin
and Polk streets. Cremation I. O. O. F.
Cemetery. •
CURTIN— In this city, Ma*rch 19, \ 1002. Mich-
ael J., dearly 'beloved son of Daniel and
Mary Curtin. and loving brother of James
Frances nnd Theresa Curtin. . Mrs. - M. E
Frank and Mrs. F. O'Neill, a native of San
Francisco. ¦ ; z. ;¦ . ¦
(ETFrlenda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend. the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents, 623 Jersey street, thence to
St. Paul's Church, where a requiem high
¦ mass will be celebrated for the reuoso of
his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery. '
DOLMAN— In March 18 1902
Christine Caroline Dolman, beloved mother
of Annie Lucy Inskeen. Dr. William H
¦ Percival and Caroline Dolman, aged '61 years
E7"Frlends and acquaintances are reap-ct-
v , fully r invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Thursday), at 10 :30 o'clock, at 1050
East Thirtieth street. East Oakland. Take
. Thirteenth-avenue cars at East Oakland In-
, terment Drivate. Please omit flowers. ¦
GETCHELL . (nee . HANDLEY)— In this city
March 18. 1902, Estella C, beloved wife of
IL I O.. Getchell, - dearly beloved daughter "f
Catherine and the late John J. Handley and
sister of Josephine. ' Sarah,- Edward, William
and Mantaret '. Handley and Mrs.'. G W
Hughes, a native of i Santa Cruz, Cal. aged
, 22 years and 5 months. (Santa Cruz, Cal
¦ and Machias, Me., papers please copy.) "
• (C^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to > attend the ..funeral to-day
¦ (Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from ¦ the resi-
dence -of. her mother, - 19 Hickory avenue
;•' thence to ; St. ! Isnatiua Church, where a re-
', quiem' mass- will ; be celebrated for the! re-'
'¦.-¦ pose of her . bduI, commencing at 9 o'clock
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
HARRISON— In this^ city, March 19,' 1002
Caroline A'., - beloved wife of William h'
Harrison, and V devoted mother of Myrtle
Harrison, -a native ; of San Francisco azed
* 28 years 1 month and 4 days. . • > ¦ ¦ Z
. • [E7"Friends . and ' acquaintances' are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Saturday
MABRIED.
BLUM— PLANT— In this city. March 9, 1902,
by Rabbi Isidore Myers, Jacob Blum and
Clara Plant. |
JACOBS— MORRIS— In this city, March IS,
1902, by. the Rev. Dr. J. Nieto. Jack Jacobs
of: New, York and Blanche E. Morria of San
Francisco. ¦ • ' • .-¦•..
KLOPSTOCK— COATES— In this city. March
16. 1902. by the Rev. Dr. J. Nieto, Isaac D.
Klopstock and Emma G. Coates.
LESZVNSKY— FALK— In this city, March 16,
1U02, by the Rev. Dr. J. Nieto, Leon Leazyn-
sky and Leah Falk.
RUFF— LEVY— In this city. March 16, 1902,-
by Rabbi Isidore ¦ Myers, Daniel Ruff and
Jeanne Pauline Levy.
YOUNG— VINCENT— In this city, March 15.
1902, by ths Rev. Bradford Leavitt, Clement
C. Young and Lyla Jeanette Vincent.
VAN NESS, 519— Handsome furnished sunny
suites, single rooms ; first-class table board.
FULTON. 25— Room with or without board
for. gentleman. • . .
NIARA. 615 Taylor — Sunny front and back
suites; excellent board; terms reasonable.
JOHNSON. The. COS O'Farrell— Nice home;
good table: spacious grounds; rates moderate.
CALIFORNIA, 807 (Stevenson Mansion)— Select
family hotel; exceptional table; popular rates.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The' following- marrlaee licenses were issued
yesterday: . . :
Agustino Fugazzl, CO. Stockton, and Ade-
lade Tosi, 50, city. . ,
Joseph Rheingold, , 38, city, and Rachel Kor-
man, 30,' city.
Franz Stump, 24.' 3300 Mission street, and
Rcaa Baggenstoff, 22, 500 Twentieth street.
Charles Dunphy, 23. Millbrae, and Rowena
A. Burns, 22, city. \- . .
Paul I. Zazzi, 31, 525 Greenwich street, and
Louisa Mansrml. 28, 218 Lombard street.
John P. Berry, 30, 1540 Jackson street, and
Frances P. DariUls. 27, 1540 Jackson street.
Nils A. Mundsen, 39. 1 Pixley avenue, and
Tillle Laurence, 35. 10t> Bernard street.
REAL ESTATE — CITY — FOR SALE.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. ; *
14 Montgomery st.
AUCTION-
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION. ' :vV
REFEREE'S SALE. • jjJ
At our salesroom. Monday. March 24, 1802,
at 12 o'clock noon.
The following; five properties to be offered by
order of Gustave H. Umbsen, referee, subject
to confirmation by the Superior Court : • -~ . . ;
Nos. 1729-1731 Market St., Junction of Mar-
ket, Halght and Gough sts.: 2 ttores. flat of
7 rooms and bath. 2 rear cottages of 4-a rooms;
rents $59 60 per month; lot 38:4^x124 to Stev-
enson st.
2.
Lot 1. block 4. Market-st. Homestead Asso-
ciation.
3.
Lot 8. block 23, Market-st. Homestead Asso-
ciation.
Portion of lot 5^ block 156, South San Fran-
cisco and Railroad Homestead Association.
B.
Lot 12. block 156, South San Francisco and
Railroad Homestead Association.
FOURTH-ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
Ncs. 311-13-15 Fourth ot.. near Folsom at.:
improvements consist of four-story building,
1 containing two large etores and lodging-house
of 35 rooms: rents $130 per month; this loca-
tion Is rapidly improving and becoming desir-
able business property.
THIRD-ST. INVESTMENT.
No. 622 Third St.. near Bryant St.; improve-
' ments consist of a three-story frame building
of 11 rooms and bath ; rear portion of lot va-
cant; both streets accepted; rents $40 per
month; bank mortgage of $4000 can remain; lot
23.4xlC0 to RUch st.
FOLSOM-ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
Ncfi. 160S-1610 Folsom Bt., near 12th st;
three-story building, containing store and two
flats of 6 and 7 rooms and bath each; brick
foundation, etc.; rents $t>2 DO per month;, lot
25x87:6.
EXECUTORS' SALE.
Jacki>on st.. south line, between Cherry- and
Firnt ave.; this desirable residence site must bo
eold to close an estate: nicely elevated and
commands a good view; splendid opportunity
for speculators or builders; lot S7:6xl28:9.
MISSION BUILDING LOTS. v
Southwest corner cf Sanchez and Day sts. ;
two level building lots, 26:0x105 each.
PARK LOTS.
42d ave.. west line, between A and B sts.:
4S lots offered in subdivisions; also portion of
block 423, west line of 43d ave., between O
and D sts.; this latter piece to be sold as a
whole.
For catalogues and further particulars apply
¦to G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
14 Montgomery st.
SPECK & CO., 667 MARKET ST..
Opp. Kearny, Real Estate Agents
and Rent Collectors.
SELECTED INVESTMENTS.
$100,000 — Corner; 275x137:6; splendid Improve-
ments; rented at $S00 per month.
$87.500— Vicinity Sutter and Stockton sts.; 90
feet frontage.
$58,000 — Geary st., near Stockton; 2 frontages;
no better inside buy; I 1 ,-*, blocks from
Market st.
$55,000 — Half block from Orpheum, one blocK
from proposed Crocker Hotel and new
Flood building; stores and lodging-
houses.
• $40,000— Geary-et. corner; lot 87:6x137:6; very
substantial improvements; rents $255;
pays 7 per cent net.
i $40,000 — Sansome-et. corner; 68:9x137:6 feet:<
nominal improvements; rents $212 5u;
want offer.
$35,000— McAlllster-st corner: 85x98; good im-
| provements; rents $220.
$30,000 — Fine business corner; 3 stores and 6
fiats; building cost $25,000; lot 6S.9x
71; rents $2450 per year.
$30,000 — Geary St., near Jones; fine improve-
ments; rents $170.
$11,000 — Modern flats; near Hyde and Sutter;
rents ?90.
$9,000 — Rents $103; lot' 50x80; downtown In-
vestment.
$5,500 — Geary-st. corner; 62 feet frontage:
half of property Improved; a cheap
buy. - . -
$5,000 — 50 feet frontage; flats; near Sixth st.;
rents J66.
RESIDENCES. "
$15,000 — Modern Jackson-st. residence: 12
rooms and baths; rents $100.
CHOICE UNIMPROVED PROPERTY;
$41.000 — N. W. cor. California and Jones; 115x
105 feet: 2 blocks from proposed Fair-
mount Hotel; if improved according
to our plans, can get tenant at $1900
per month.
$35,000 — 170x160 feet; suitable for manufac-
turing purposes; 3 frontages; mort-
gage $26,000; Mission et.
$30,000 — 137:6x128 feet; N. W. cor. Gough st.:
marine end panoramic view; choice
residence site.
$15,000 — McAllister St., close, to Fillmore; 75x
137:6.
$5,000 — 100x100 feet; one block from Golden
Gafte Park.
SPECK & CO^. 1587 .Market . st.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
, We offer choicest lots at lowest prices.
/
Don't delay! We can positively suit you.
$100 to $400 — Ocean Boulevard lots; graded
| and fenced; $5 monthly.
I $500 to $1100— Choicest Sunset lots; all
• graded; splendid demand; wonderful lmprove-
i ments; $10 monthly.
! Sunset Branch Office. Ninth ave., near H st.
• $400 to $800— Unexcelled Richmond building
! lots; $10 monthly.
' $100 to $250— Level building lots near Mis-
sion-st. electric cars; perfect bargains; Inspect
them and you will admit It; $5 monthly.
j $1000. $1500 to $2500— Modern cottages; all
! bargains; choice locations; easy terms.
EOL GETZ & BROTHER.
Room 54, Chronicle building. ,
I A. E. BUCKINGHAM REAL ESTATE
! 2tl Montgomery 6t, room 11.
j Ren's collected; full charge taken of property.
$43,500 — Cor. 50-vara; Turk; 3 frontages; fine
location for apartment house, flats, etc.
$2,o75 — A snap; north side Clay St., .near
Lyon; fine location for flats.
$15,500 — Three very stylish new sunny flats, 8
rooms; choice location; rents $150.
$10,500 — Good buy; store and fiats; Larkin St.,
near Geary; rents $70.
$5,250 — Fine 5 and <3 room fiats; on Stevenson
st.. near Thirteenth; rent $45.
$l,C50 — Dirt cheap; NW. corner Sanchez and
Alvarado sts.; 26:6x105 feet.
HOUSES— SUNSET HEIGHTS— LOTS.
Installments; Eleventh ave., H and I sts., nr.
entrance Park music stand; cars pass properly.
A. E. BUCKINGHAM. 26 Montgomery, room
11. Branch office. Sunset. 1215 Ninth ave.
REAL ESTATE FOR SALE '¦
By C. S. CAPP & CO.,
G30 Market st.
O'Farrell st. between Polk and Van Ness
ave.; lot 27:6x120; 4 houses; well rented.
A row of six modern houses; well rented.
Sanchez st., between Fourteenth and Fif-
teenth; lot 25, 50 or 75 by 100.
2 Eureka st.. between Seventeenth and Eight-
eenth; lot 60x120 and cottage of 7 rooms and"
bath.
Eureka St., between Seventeenth and Eight-
eenth; three flats. 7, 7, and 8 rooms.
Geary st., between Stelner and Pierce; house
of 6 rooms and bath; opposite public square.
Fine residence in Oakland, overlooking lake
Merritt; fine view; for sale or to exchange for
San Francisco pror^rty.
A — $1000 HOME for $5 50 per month. '
Receiving credit for $5 per month.
A $2000 home for $11 per month. •
Receiving credit for $10 per month.
A $3000 home for $16 50 per month.
Receiving credit for $15 pej- month.
These homes can be bought anywhere, to cost
any amount.
Cost of carrying contract to maturity, $2 60
per month, receiving credit for $2. Investigate
'pacific home co-operattvb co., '
Room 4O0, Callaghan buildlnsr,
1312 Market St..
San Francisco, Cal.
PRICE $22,000; rents $2010 a year
O'Farrell Bt., west of Jones
Substantial modern building.
Three large 9-room fiats, all conveniences; lot
26x137:6; this Inveetment cannot be dupli-
cated for the money; rents and values are ad-
• vancing; buy now. ., -..»¦¦-
H. E. POEHLMAN, 804 Montgomery at.
WANTED — To purchase a residence north of
Broadway or on any of the streets between
Van Ness ave. and Lyon. W. J. GUNN, 530
California st. . ¦..-
WANTED — To purchase lots, large or small
sized subdivisions north of Broadway to the
bay and from Larkin to Lyon sts. W. J.
GUNN, S30 California st. - -
JOSEPH STRAUB.
850 Market st.. corner Stockton.
.^ Telephone Grant 177.
Real Estate Agent.
Property Bought and Sold.
Rents collected. • . ' ¦ .
THE coming of the Santa Fe Railroad to Oak-
- land offers a splendid opportunity for invest-
ments In Oakland and Berkeley property.
Apply at once to RICHARD J. MONTGOM-
ERY, afternoons, at 11 Montgomery et., San
Francisco.
AN elegant modern cottage of 0 , rooms and
bath; sunny -side .street: San Jose, near
Valley, bet. 28th and 29th; Guerrero-street
cars pass door; appreciated If. seen; lot
25x100. ; ¦ ¦ . ' • ' - ''¦ ::
FOR sale cheap — New G-room ' house; 25 ¦ De
Long ave.,- bet. Waller and "^Frederick sts. ;
easy- terms; .2 mantels ¦ and ¦ electric fixtures.
$5*00 MUST be paid; f 3000 ea*h only; rents
?SO. . Apply on premises, 2023 Sutter M. ;.••
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS/
OFFICE— 1118 BkOADWAY.
\ OAKLAXD REAL ESTATE. : \
WOODWARD. WATSON & CO.. ;
WOODWARD, WATSON & CO., ¦ •¦ ,
WOODWARD, WATSON & CO.. A
WOODWARD. WATSON & CO..
WOODWARD, WATSON & CO.,
WOODWARD. WATSON & CO..
WOODWARD, WATSON & CO..
WOODWARD, WATSON & CO..
WOODWARD, WATSON & CO..
WOODWARD, WATSON & CO-
WOODWARD, WATSON & CO..
WOODWARD, WATSON & CO.,
WOODWARD, WATSON & CO.,
WOODWARD. WATSON & CO..
WOODWARD. WATSON & CO..
. (Incorporated).
FIRST SALE OF THE SEASON.
FIRST SALE OP THE SEASON.
FIRST SALE OF THE SEASON.
FIRST SALE OF THE SEASON.
FIRST SALE OF THE SEASON. .
FIRST. SALE OF THE SEASON.
FIRST SALE OF THE SEASON. S
. - '- - ' .- {/
SPECIAL SALE. ' -'?-
SPECIAL SALE. . ¦ / .,
SPECIAL SALE. '-: ;•* ;
J . SPECIAL SALE.
SPECIAL SALE.
SPECIAL SALE.
AT AUCTION. '
AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION. •
AT AUCTION.
"TALBOT PLACE,"
•TALBOT PLACE,"
"TALBOT. PLACE,"
¦ '•TALBOT PLACE,"
"TALBOT PLACE."
"TALBOT PLACE," '
"TALBOT PLACE,"
Near San Leandro,
Near San Leandro.
Near San Leandro,
: Near. San Leandro.
Near San Leandro,
1 Near San Leandro,
! XcarSan Leandro.
SATURDAY. MARCH 29, 1902
SATURDAY. MARCH 28. 1002.
SATURDAY, MARCH 29, 1902.
SATURDAY. MARCH 29. 1902.
SATURDAY. MARCH 29. 1902.
SATURDAY. MARCH 29, 1002.
SATURDAY, MARCH 29, 1902.
At 11 O'Clock a. m. on the Premises.
We will sell at public auction and to the
highest bidder.' the beautiful countryhome of
Mr. Fred C. Talbot, consisting of 140 acres of
the very finest fruit and vegetable land — sixty
acres In full bearing orchard, . consisting of
English Walnuts, Oranges. Cherries, ! and all-
varieties.
BEAUTIFUL 12-ROOM RESIDENCE.
Thoroughly modern, fine stable, superintend-
ent's cottage, milk houses brooder houses, etc.,
etc. — an ideal country home.
Following the sale of the land and improve-
ments, we will also sell all of the personal
property. WITHOUT LIMIT OR RESERVE—
Consisting of elegant, costly household furnish-
ings, oil paintings, steel engravings, Decker
Bros, grand square piano, etc., etc. ..
Carriage teams, saddle horses. ' Shetland
ponies, carriages and carts, harness, Eaddles.
Several fine head of cattle — "Jersey stock."
Send for catalogue for all particulars and
complete list of property to be sold.
WOODWARD. WATSON & CO?,
WOODWARD, WATSON & CO.,
WOODWARD, WATSON & CO..
WOODWARD, WATSON & CO.,
WOODWARD. WATSON & CO., v
WOODWARD, WATSON & CO.,
WOODWARD. WATSON & CO.,
WOODWARD. WATSON & CO..
• WOODWARD. WATSON & CO..
(Incorporated)
Real Estate Auctioneers,
Real Estate Auctioneers,
Real ' Estate Auctioneers,
Real Estate Auctioneers,
Real Estate Auctioneers, j
Real Estate Auctioneers,
Real Estate Auctioneers,
903 Broadway, Oakland.
903 Broadway. Oakland.
90.1 Broadway. Oakland.
90.3 Broadway, Oakland.
903 Broadway. Oakland.
»03 Broadway. Oakland.
903 Broadway. Oakland.
BUY BEFORE THE RISE." ~ ~~
$1000— Cozy cottage of 6 rooms; hot and cold
water: hall: porcelain sink, etc.; newly painted
and papered: sunny side; street work and
walks complete: near cars and school; terms If
desired; No. 1743 Filbert st.. near 2Gth- go^and
see It to-day; owner will be there.
$2250 and $3850 — Two fine homes of 0 anil «
rooms; lots 29x100 and 48x100; Nos. 674 and
678 33d St.. near Grove; choice location- all
modern; open, sloping lawns; handy to school
churches and cars. • '¦
$1400— Close to San Pablo ave.; house of 7
rooms and bath; all In first-class condition-
street work all done; easy terms can be ar
ranged. r "
GEORGE W. AUSTIN
400 Tenth St., near Broadway, Oakland.
LOOK THIS UP TO-DAY. '¦
Pretty homes, new and modern, five to
eight rooms, with every convenience; latest
style plumbing; lots 40 feet front (or more
If desired); lawns; stone walks ar.d street
work complete; moderate prices and easy
terms.- Vacant 40-foot lots .5800 to $1000-
very desirable in every respect; near school
and ' churches and two electric lines; ele-
' vated ground; Merrimac or Twenty-eighth
8t..- between Telegraph ave. and Grove st.
See W. T. HARRIS, on the premises or
OEO. W. AUSTIN. 460 T.enth et., Oakland.
$350 CASH, $7 B0 monthly; cottage of B rooms;
large barn; chicken-house; good well of
water, also city water and sewer; immense
fruit trees ; assorted small fruit I in . abun-
dance; shrubbery and flowers in profusion;
nice cheap i home; lot 37:0x203 feet, all
fenced ; 1 block from electric cars and fine
model schoolhouse; adjoining East Oakland-
no fogs nor raw winds; price all told $925
'Call or send for circular. 455 Seventh st '
opposite Broadway station, Oakland- car-
rlage free. H. Z. JONES, Land Owner.
THE coming of the Santa Fe Railroad to Oak-
land offers a splendid opportunity for invest-
ments in Oakland and Berkeley property
Apply at once to RICHARD J. MONTGOM-
ERY, afternoons, at 11 Montgomery st. San
Francisco. • ' /, , , , ..
A WEEK'S, news for B cents — The Weekly Call
16 pages. In wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR 'SALM.
FURNITURE good and cheap this monthT~H?
SCHELLHAAS. 408 Eleventh St.: Oakland.
SEWIKG MACHIlfES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, ex., ~ repairing";
lowest rates; phone Howard 3264. 145 Sixth.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented,- exchanged; re-
palring; lowest rates Tel. Green 144. 205 4th.
STORAGE . AND WAREHOUSES. -'
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage ; and Moving Co
office Post and Powell sts. ; tol. Main 5713. .
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Mis-
sion gt; tel. Howard 941. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
BEKINS'Van and Storage ;Co., 630 Market st.:
tel. Main 1S40;- shipping at'eut rates. ' '¦ .¦¦-..
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore Bt.: phone Jacknon 231:
'_ 'rYIM3WKITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS \ IN , TTPE^RItIbrS— We
sell better machines for less money than any
'¦ house in the city; rentals $3. The Typewriter
. Exchange, 530 California; telephone Main 2CC.
WEBSTER Typewriter i Inspection Co.— Expert
typewriter doctors; estimate free. 200 Sansome.
BOARD ; and room . for two gentlemen; good
table and bath; reasonable. 1024 Ellis st.
MEREDITH, 218 Turk— Sunny front rooms;
; electric lights; hot and cold water; modern;
first-class board ;• reasonable :phone South 829.
ROOMS AXD HOARD.
CO-OPERATIVE homes. Nbs. 2 and 3. for
self-respecting, low-salaried working girls.
i $2 50 per week, board and lodging; : refer-
ences. Call "at or' address' MISS FLORA
BOLLINGER. 645 Folsom st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
V received at Call.braneh office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. .-¦:' ¦ . . '
VAN ,NESS: ave.. - 1004— Front parlors unfur-
1 nlshed;. cheap; two furnished rms.; ?18;-->, $24.
TWELFTH. .12. near Market— 2 sunny front
I rooms ' furnished for housekeeping, v -
TURK, ; 130— Furnished rooms for housekeep-
¦' ing. ;.\: ¦'. ¦ ; .1 ¦ -.' ;. V- : '- .'., ;;,, -
Stockton,' 120C — Sunny single, double I rms., mod. ;
¦.new fur. ; gas free; gas stove; $5,$6,$S,$10,$12.
PAGE, 22— Two back connecting rooms suitable
:¦ f or light housekeeping; rent very reasonable.
HOWARD, 10C3— 2 sunny, connecting complete-
'ly fur. hkpar. rms. ; range; running water; ?10.
JESSIE,! 474, nr. Cth— Front :and back sunny
• rooms for housekeeping. ,. -. ¦'
MINNA, ' 28— Sunny, furnished • front housekeep-
lng-and single rooms; cheapo-
MONEY TO LOAJT.
A— HERMANnSuRPHY. C01-602 Examiner bdg
(1.500,000 at Lowest Rates
On First and Second Mortgages
On Life Interests in Estates
Property Being Held in Trust '
. .....Undivided Interests In Real Estate...'..
Life Insurance Policies; Estates in Probate;
Financial Problems of all sorts and sixes.
IF YOU NEED MONEY
See HERMAN MURPHY. 601-602 Examiner.
AA— MANHATTAN LOAN CO. (Inc.) T ~.
$300.0(10 at &H and 6 per cent in turns to suit;
City, Oakland. Town -and Country property;
eccond mortgages, life insurance and securi-
ties ; leans on unsettled estates, undivided In-
terests in real estate and legacies; will pur-
chase above securities. Manhattan Loan Co..
Tel. Red S024; Tth floor, Crocker building.
ANY AMOUNT AT C PER CENT.
first, second and third mortgages.... ;i. J . ..''
Undivided interest in real estate in probate..
Mortgages and lesades bought; no delay....
G^t ruy terms belore doing: business elsewhere
n. McCOLG AN
24 Montgomery et.. room 3...
ANY preposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second and third mortgages, estates In pro-
bate, interest in estates, legacies, undivided
interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile interests, corooration loans. Room 10
1st floor. Chronicle big. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
MUNICIPAL Loan Office. 103 Grant ave., near
Geary St.; phone Red 1603.
HIGHLY reEDectable Drivate place to obtain
Jiberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at
lowest rate*. Baldwin Jewolry Store. 8Ui
Market Ft. : tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos: no removal'
lowest rate; private, confidential. ORMSBY.
26 Montgomery Ft., room 7. opp. Lick House.
f 500.000 AT 6 per cer.t. in sums to suit in city;
?150.000 on laree ranches at fair ratee; sec-
ond mortc*. It. J. Mercer & Son. 412 Pine.
ON real estate, 1 st or 2nd mortgages and on fur-
niture or pianos; no removal: any amount;
lowg gt rates. BECKER. 3tt Geary St.. room 36.
A PRIVATE party loans any amount on furni-
ture, pianos: no removal; low rates; cor.flden-
tlal. WHITEHEAD (Wilson's). 1710 Market.
E. F. DISCOUNT AGENCY— Loans to salaried
_ people on their note.
THE TOUSLEY CO 143 Phelan bldg.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; money
<juick; lowest interest: easy terms: no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market et., room CS.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by private
party; no removal; no commission; conflden-
tlal. Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
?1D 1JP on furniture, pianos: no com.: private
party. St. Ann's bidg.. « Eddy. rm. 72. 4th fir.
$5 80 PER month repay* $1000 loan; stop pay-
ing rent. MURDOCK. 514 Pine st.
ONE per cent on furniture: $5 a month on each
$ 1000; any security. 302 Montgomery Et., r. 1.
Money loaned salaried ppqple without security.
HILL, r. 44, Merchants' Exc. 431 California.
CASH loaned salaried people on note without
Indorser. MORRELL. C09 Examiner bldr.
3% ON furniture and pianos; $15 up; no re-
moval. Phone Black 1709. Room 81. 6 Eddy.
ON furniture, pianos: lowest rate; no removal;
etrlctly private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
IF you want a heme I will loan you money to
¦ buy it. A. E. Rl'DELL. 222 Sansome Bt.
LOANS money on salary: no indorser: Eastern
plan. "Western Loan Co.. 309 Phelan .btdg.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
1C pages, in wrapper for mailing: tl per year.
MIXES AND MIXIXG.
THE best small mine In the State; develop-
, ment will make a large paying property;
eale compulsory. THE INVESTORS' AGEN-
CY. 137 Montgomery et.. S. F., Cal.
FOR SALE— At a bargain; one-fifth Interest In
four valuable placer mining claims; In Casa
de Pag* River region. For particulars ad-
dress A. H. L.. box 4236. Call office.
OFFICES' AXD STORKS TO LET.
Larce store with baset.. front. Clay- Merchant, .
above Montgomery; lease. Keys 636 Clay.r.l.
OIL.
OIL lar.k.-. 2nd-hand. In pood order; all sizes;
cheap. H. S. WHITE. 130-132 Beale st.
I'AIXTERS AXO DECORATORS.
FIRST-CLASS work: lew rates; get figure»T~J.
C. ROMAINE. €40 G. G. ave.; tel. Polk 1423. j
I'ALMISTUV.
MRS. E. PEARCE. scientlflc business palmist,
parlors 14^ and 15. The Vendome. 1104 Mar-
ket fit. ; hours from 9 a. m. to 10 p. m.
MME. G. L. NEERGAARD reads 1 to 4. 700
Post ct.. corner of Jones; phone Polk 837.
H. JEROME FOSELLI, scientific palmlet. 515
Taylor st.. bet. Geary and Post:tel.Black 561.
fEltSOXALS.
AN elegant line of remnants fur suits to order.
115; with these suits we make an extra pair
cf pants free cf charge; ether suits on Install-
ments. $1 weekly. L. LEMOS. 1117 Market ;
ft. between Seventh and Eighth. ¦ ;
. .
TV ANTED — A man posted on Eastern lumber
and i>hirgle business with $25,000 capital to :
purchase a complete shingle and finishing
plant on Humboldt Bay. Address N.. II.
PINE, Eureka. Cal. j
WHY guess? You can be certain of style and '
fit by using- Standard Patterns; Aurll pat-
ten* and The Desicner now ready. J. W. '
EVANS. Domestic office. 1021 Market, nr.Cth
ELECTRIC light in every room — Winchester !
Hctel. 44 Third Bt., near Market: 700 rooms;
23c to $1 60 per night: $1 60 to *R per week;
irc-e 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry. ''
COMPARE my switches with others; I only
keep the best; hair for fl 50. f2. $3: hair I
dressing, 25c; sbampwlBir. 50c; hair dried In
10 minutes. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton st.
J'.AG carpets wove to order and for sale; alss
chenlile-wove rugs, eilk portieres; dealer In j
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest {
rates. Geo. Matthews. 709 Fifth. Oakland. I
A— WHAT do you think? O. BERMAN. la
EUie, makes colored shirts to order; $1 each;
lime as white shirts; selection 300 patterns.
WHITE enamel Iron beds, single, three-quarts
1 cr double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
y CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton gt.. near Broadway.
HJectroiytic removal cf moles and Fuperfluoca
hair: permanent: painless; 'free treatment;
work guaranteed. Mlsa C. Dudley. 1702 Mkt.
A cchool to learn h&irdressing, hair work, man-
leering. Manhattan Hair Store, 1702 Market,
bet. Polk and Van Ness. MISS A. V. DOYLB.
AT less than cost, uncalled-for nilta. overcoat*
and troupers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
tailor. 721 Market rt. - : ¦: • ¦>
EUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 111B Eutter »t.
A — IF your hair Is falling or you are bald call on
Dr.G.S.M(wire,332O'Farrell: eend for circular.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rater; 10
years' experience. J. B. UAT. 4S7 Minna Bt.
ELECTRIC neeflle specialists; superfluous hair
A moles destroyed. Mrs. H. Eaton, 427 Sutter.
iin. Brtggs — Superfluous hair, moles destroyed
by electricity. 1719 Buchanan; tel. West 259.
McDOWELL millinery opening reception Tue»..
March 18 to 22; hrs. 9 to S. 1019 Market »t.
MEN petting shaved without eoap for 15e at
Rues House Barber Shop. 217 Montgomery «t.
Haequerade coitturoes at H. Anderson's, theatri-
cal cot turner. 2(1 O'Farrell; country orders.
i, .,
Electric * clectric-li£bt b&tbs. mazsare. hot air
treatment for rheumatism,etc. 2-'{3 Geary.r.27.
CUPEHFLUOUS hair and moles removed by
electric necaie.Pr.&Mrg.Tra verse. 1170 Market
. ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna: restores gray
4 hair to its natural color; $1; at all druggists.
ONE MINUTE TOOTHACHE DROPS CUKE
instantly; 10c enfl 23c AH druggists.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books. w!« :
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
TAILOR-MADE euits, V 60; dress pants, $2 SO.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupcnt.
£>R. LAMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINT, tha
begt tsirn core. 25c; all /Irarrinta. ¦ '
PHVSICIAXS AXD gUUGEO.VS.
RUPTURE end piles cured; no pay until cured;
no operation: no detention from business; all
private diseases treated successfully; consul-
tation free. Jjts. Kordeni Porterfleld, 6 Turk.
A— DR. OLIVE GRUVER. lady physician and
curpeon. at 1122 Market gt.; hours 10 to 8.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL — Office and residence.
1O21V4 Market gt.. bet. Birth and Seventh.
PROPERTY WAMED. '
WANTED— ICO acres or more general farming
land within C miles of railroad. G. R. W..
room BO. Brooklyn Hotel : no agents.
REAL ESTATE CODXTRY— For Sale
J — FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO— -
Fffi&l! tracts, $C0 to (90 per acre, on Rancho
Cctatl. Sonoma Co.; future value assured, at
Can Francisco is growing rapidly: location
. best for poultry and general farming. Apply
to Tb« Cotatt Co.. 302 California st., for
pamphlets and Information.
£aota Clara Valley. San Jose and Peninsular
properties, pee WOOSTER, WHITTON A
MONTGOMERY. 634 Market. S. F.. & 8an J.
PROFITABLE orange, lemon, peach and prun*
lands to sell: right locality; big money; easy
payments. HEALY tc CARR. 0 Eddy st.
RANCHES and country homes; all kinds every-
where; alto city property. G. Newton, 759 Mkt.
GOLDEN,' GATE ave., ;i404— Nicely furnished
: -sunny, room; housekeeping; reasonable. . ,
HOWARD. ; 1052A — Furnished ' housekeeping
. ..rooms; also other rooms with gas; cheap.
; . OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
u^ Steamers leave Broadway
t**^ . Wharf, San Francisco:
H&5>>^ For Ketchlkan, JuneM.
ISSKspn-KV.— Ekagway. etc., Alaska—ll
. RrfelU&V a. m.. March 7. 12. IT. 22, 27.
K*V533\£1 April 1. Change to com-
! fgS&SJrtSftl pany's steamers at Seattle.
For Victoria. Vancouver.
** Port Townsend. Seattle. Ta-
; . coma, Everett. New Wfcat-
ccm— H a. m.1 Marci* 7. 12, 17. 23, ,27. AprUl.
Change at S*attl» to tn!«- company's steamer*
for Alaska and O. N. Ry.: at Seattle or Ta-
ctn» to N. P. Ry-: « Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay>— 1:30 p. m..
March S. 13. 18. 23. 28. April 2.
For Ban Diego, stopping only at fant»
Barbara. Port Los Angeles and Reaoea*
<L6s Angeles)— Spokane. Sundays. O a. «.:
State of California. Wednesdays, ft a. a.
For Los Angeles, calling at 8anta- Cnw.
' Mcnterey. San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford
SKUS? S Ped a ro. Ba s r a b ? nU P^ro ntq a?i
•*£3£ rS"£3!& T. 15. « «. AprU S.
Coos Bay. 9 a. m.. March 1». 27. April 4.
For En»enada. Magdalena Bay. San Jo»e del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La, Pa*. Santa Rosa-
lia, and Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m.. 7Ui ot •aca
month
For "further Information obtala folder.
Right is reserved to change •teamers or
catling dates. -
TICKET OFFICE—* New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS * CO.. Oen. Agents.
10 Markat st.. San Francisco.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
—FOR
NOME mEn
LEAVE SEATTLE.
SENATOR JTTNB 1
STATE OF CALIFORNIA JUNB T
Steamships CITY OF PUEBLA and QUEKN.
leaving San Francisco May 26 and May 31. re-
spectively, connect with above steamers. Tb*
new and elegant steamships Senator and Stat»
of California made regular trips to Noma Uat
year, landing all passengers and freight with-
out loss, mishap or delay. For passenger r»t«s
apply Ticket Office. 4 New Montgomery it.
(Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS ft CO., Genl. Agents,
' 10 Market st, San Francisco.
O.R.& N. CO.
Only Steamship Ian* **»
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rait Lino (pom Portland to all
points East. Through. Tickets to alt
points, »H pall or steamship and rail, aS
LOWEST HATES.
8TEAME2 TICKETS INCLUDB BESTH lad XBA&9.
SS. COLUMBIA Sails. . .Mar. 24. April S. 13. 23
SS. GEO. W. ELDER Sails
Mar. 29. April 8. IS. 28
Steamer sails from foot of Spear St., 11 a. m.
D. W. HITCHCOCK. Gen. Agt.. 1 Monger, S. F.
LAST EXCURSION TRIP!
SPECIAL RATES
TO PORTS IN MEXICO.
A DELIGHTFUL VOYAGE.
Only ?C0, Including meals and berth, for the
round trip, on board the Pacific Coast Steam*
ship Co.'s steamer CURACAO, leaving: SAN
FRANCISCO APRIL Tth, due back April 27th.
calling at EXSENADA, MAGDALENA BAT.
SAN JOSE DEL CABO. MAZATLAN. AL-
TATA. LA PAZ. SANTA ROSALIA and
GUAYMAS, Mexico.
For $20 additional excursionists can return
from Guaymas by rail. For further particu-
lars Inquire at TICKET OFFICE, 4 Nsw
Montgomery ' street, or 10 Market street, San
Francisco. •
TOYO 1ISJN KAISDA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling as
Kobe (Hiogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai and con-
necting at Hongkong with steamers for India,
etc. No cargo received en board on day o£
tailing.
ES. AMERICA MARC .'
..Friday. March 21st. 1903
SS. HONGKONG MARU-.
....Tuesday. April 18th. 1903
63. NIPPON MART7 Friday. May 8th. 1003
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's otfls*.
421 Market street, corner First- •
W. H. AVERT. Gsneral Axent.
Hamburg- American.
TWIN-SCREW EXPRESS SERVICE.
PLYMOUTH— CHERBOURG— HAMBURG.
A. Victoria.... April 10|F. Bismarck.... May t
Deutschland ..April 17' Columbia May 8
TWIN-SCREW PASSENGER SERVICE.
PLYMOUTH— CHERBOURG— HAMBURG.
! Patricia .. April 5| Pennsylvania .April Ti
i Waldersee April 12' Pretoria Apr. 23
¦ Hamburg-American Line, 37 B'way. IN. Y.
j HERZOG & CO., General Agents for Paciflo
i Coast. 401 -California St., San Francisco.
j PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
I Anil Gia Americana da Vapores
; To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central •
! and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard S, pier 10. 12 in.
! COLOMBIA ..March 2T> GUATEMALA .Apr. —
! TUCAPEL ....April 10 A STEAMER
{ These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
I tral and South American passenger service. (No
: change atAcapulco or Panama. > Freight acd
i passenper office. 31R California street.
; BALFOUK. GUTHRIE & CO.. Oen. Agents.
PANAMA it R, -W
TO HEW YOS< Yi,\ PANMA DIR53T.
-Cabin. $105; Steerage, $40; Meals Free.
| S. S. Leelanaw tail:, Fri lay, «.ar 28
S. 8. Argyll nails Friday. «»y 2
Frcm Howard-street Wharf. Pier 10, at 2 p. m.
Freight and Passenger Office. 330 Market st.
F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
; oeeafflcs.s.co,jss~
SS. VENTURA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney.. Thurs.. March 20. 6 p. m.
SS. AUSTRALIA, " for Tahiti
Saturday, March 29, 10 a. m.
SS. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu. .............
:.... Saturday, March 29. 2 p. m.
i. U.SFiitMtLS & tm. CO., Ceflsrsi Anants, 327 Martct 5t
ta'l Passangar CfSct, 643 Itirtat St., fur Ho. 7. Pao& St
Winter Trail Now Open to
Nome, Teller and St. Michael.
For passenger and express rates apply to
TRANS- ALASKA COMPANY.
Crocker building.
Operating stage lines between Illamna Bay
and above points.
COXPAGSIS GENEKAL3 TBAN8ATLANTI1JU3
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS.
Sailing every Thursday. Instead of jifff*
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from pier 42. «S*"HMsl
North River, foot of Morton street.
First class to Havre, *T0 and upward. Secoa4
das* to Havre. $43 and upward. GENERAL.
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA 3- Broadway (Hudson building). N«tt
York.' J. T. FUGAZI & CO., ¦ Pacific Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue, San Francisco.
Tickets . sold by all Railroad Ticket Agent j.
AMERICAN xTxiWJiS.
NEW - YORK— SOUTHAMPTON— LONDON.
Philadel..Mar.20.10 am St. Louis. Apr. 9. 10 am
St.- Paul. Apr. 2. 10 am Phlladel.Apr. 16. 10 am
H. JttiX> STAR XiXX«:B3.
NEW YORK— ANTWERP— PARIS.
Haverfcrd.Mar 26, noon South wark. Apr. 9. noon
Friesland..Apr. 2, noon Vaterland.Apr. ltf.nooa
• INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.,
Cfcas. D. Taylor. G. A. P. C. 30 Montg'my.
BAY AND BIVES STEAMEB3.
FiirriA^FYA^^
Steimers, GEN. FRISBIE op MONTIGELLO
0:45 a. m.. 3:15 and 8:30 p. in., except Sun-
day. Sunday; 9:45 a. m.. S:3O p. m. Leavaa
Vallelo.7 a. • m.. 12:ao noon. « p. m.. except
Sunday. Sunday. 7 a. m.. 4:15 p. m. Fare 30
cents. Telephone Main 1508. Landing and
of nee. pien '-. Mission-street dock. HATCH
BROS. -.¦-....¦¦
WbbBj Call $1.09 ser Yeai
GOLDEN GATE ave.; 1200— Sunny unfurnished
; ¦: front rooms; also single room. , furnished. ¦ V
_^ JtOOMS ' . ; FOR , HOUSEKEEPING.
EDDY, 445, 'rear— Four furnished rooms house-
keeping ; large ' sunny , yard ; < reasonable.
> March 22, at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 21 Zoe street, thence . to St. Rose's
Church, where a solemn requiem high mass
- will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9:15 o'clock. Interment Holy
- Cross Cemeterj* - . ' , .
JENNINGS— In this city, March 18. 1002. Bar-
: bara, beloved wife of John Jennings, dearly
beloved mother of Peter and Mamie and the
•late John Jennings, and sister of Mrs. B.
O'Donnell, a native of Ireland, agfcd 67 years.
(E?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resl-
' dence. 453 Harriet street, off Brannan. thenu-e
to St. Rose's Church, where a requiem his**
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
- soul, commencing* at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cress Cemetery-
JONES— In this city, March 18. 1902, Charles
A., beloved husband of Margaret Jones,
. father of Russell Burton • Jones, son of Mrs.
Charlotte A. Jones, and brother of Mrs. Lee
. O. Rodgers and the late Clarence F. Jones,
a native of San Francisco, ased 44 years 11
months and 13 days. . t
. -(C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-*
"fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the family
residence, 2122 Pacific avenue. Interment
. private. *.
KILLION— In this city, March 18. 1902. Brid-
f get, beloved wife of Michael Killlon. mother
' of Henry and Mamie Klllion, Mrs. C. W.
Asmussen and Mr?. W. James, and sister of
Mrs. P. Markley, a native of County Lim-
erick, Ireland, \ aged 59 years.
(C Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday). . at S:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 828 Florida street, thence to St.
Peter's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul
- at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery. ,
KITTREDGE— In this city, March 10, 1902,
infant son of A. G. and Grace L. Kitt-
redge, aged 2 days. .
LITTLE— In Alameda, March 19, 1902, Beatrice
Lillian, beloved daughter of William I and
Llllle Little, and brother of Edwin Little, a
- native of California, aged 3 years 5 months
and 29 days.
McDERMOTT — In this city. March 10." 1902.
. Mary A. J., beloved wife of Michael Mc-
Dermott, and grandmother of William Frank,
Mrs. Mary Wagoner and Mrs. Rose McDer-
mott, - a native of Germany, aged 82. year i
and 3 months.
MCDONALD— In this city, March 19. 1902.
John Edward, beloved husband of Hannah
McDonald, t father of Lottie, Edward and
Bernard McDonald, and brother of Mrs. G.
McNerney, Mrs. T. Sullivan. Mrs. W. Whorff.
Mrs. A. McGuire and Bernard. "James- and
Joseph McDonald, a native of San Francisco,
aged 35 years and 2 months. - '
MANUEL— In this city. March 19. 1002. Annie
Richards, beloved wife of Ambrose Manuel,
and mother of Mrs. Henry Stuck of Lon-
•don, England, a native of Hail. Cornwall,
England, aged 72 years.
MOHRMANN— In this- city. March IT. 1902,
John H.. beloved son- ot Henry and Mar-
garethe Mohrmann. brother of Mrs. B. Stell-
ing, and nephew of Mrs. P. Buhr, a native
of Bremervoerde. Germany, aged 38 years 2
months and 15 days. A member of Bremer-
voerde Vereln. ¦
ETTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
-(Thursday), at -1:30 -'clock, from the par-
lors of H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street,
between Seventh and Eighth. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery, by electric funeral
car from Eighth and Harrison streets.
MORRISSEY— In Marysvllle. March 18, 1902.
Margarette, beloved wife of Michael Mor-
rissey, and mother of Mrs. J. E. Owens,
Mrs. Richard Duffy and Marguerite, J. M
and B. S. Morrissey, a native of County
'Cork, Ireland, aged 62 years and 8 months.
E7"Notice of funeral hereafter.
NICHOLS— In this city. March 17,' 1902, Mary
Nichols, beloved wife of Shedrick C. Nich-
ols, and mother of Everett Emmett Nichols,
a native of Montana, j.ged 18 years 2 months
and 10 days.
E7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Charles H. J. Truman & Co.. 190D
Mission street, between Fifteenth and Six-
teenth. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery,
- by ! carriar^.
SOTTER— In this city, March 19. 1902. Robert
Ferdinand, beloved husband of Florence Sot-
ter, and father of Ferdinand. Ernestine and
Ralph Sotter, a native of Pennsylvania.
". E^Notlce of funeral hereafter. -, .
SULLIVAN— In this city. March 19. 1902,
James Sullivan, a native of Ireland, ased SS
years. ' ¦ .
THEISSING— In this city, March 13. 1902. Mm.
¦ Bertha Theisslner, a native of Bavaria.
Germany, aged 74 years 11 months and 27
days.
i inyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors
.' of Theodor Dlerks. 957 Mission street, be
tween Fifth and Sixth. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery. - * '
THOMPSON— In this city. March 18. 19C2.
Olof E. Thompson, a native dT Norway, aged
26 years 2 months and 21 days.
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
' (Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of H. P. Petersen. 223 McAllister street.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.' - :
MRKELEypYERTlSEMENTS;
C DERKEfLEY REAL ' ESTATE;.',
NEW 6-room cottage; bath,'. mantel, basement;
sewered- corner lot. 40x100; Golden Gate, v
$1700— $500 cash,' balance monthly; 4-room'
cottage, bath; street work done; city water;
eewered; lot 60x130; Ashby ave., near Berkeley
$1750— $550 : cash, balance flat loan. Paciflo
Home Buildlns Company. 39,;. Nevada block.
Ban Francisco. ; i" ¦ '¦ "¦¦ ¦¦ ¦-•¦
BEHKKLEY »KEAL^ ESTATE.
COTTAGE of 7 rooms and bath:'; hlKh base-
ment: easy payments. MURDOCK. 514 Pine.
FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
AN unparalleled opportunity ; 200x130 feet, cor.
Wilson ave. and Hopkins st. ; 2 blocks from
. 2 street cars and public school; furnished cot-
tage of 6 rooms; stable, chicken-house, pig-
eon cote, etc.; ornamental grounds; fruit or-
chard; 20 minutes from Oakland • or 1 hour
f rom S. F. ; rent $35 a month; price $4000.
Apply J. R. FREUD, Mills building, or H.
¦ A. PLEITNER, Frulvale station.
CHEAPEST and beet in America— The Weekly
Call, 10 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1. '
ROOMS TO LET— Fnrn. and Vnfnrn.
ARGYLE Hotel. 234 McAllister— New. elegant,
, eunny; 75c day upward; rates by week or
month; McAllister cars to door; handsomest
rrlll room In California attached. \
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rms... suites; 'single; also unfurnished.
A— FREE list furnished rooms to let; with or
- -without : board;- we save- you walking the
streets. Tourist Renting Bureau; iff Montg'y.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth— Rooma,
25e to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and'
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason — Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable, ¦
I EDDY, 11 — Nicely furnished suite, $15; also
| large sunny roort, $10. .
ELLIS 321 (Mozart)— Nicely furnished rooms.
S5c, SI 50 night; $1 50, $6 wk. ; open all night.
GEARY. 405 (The Navarre)--Elegantly f urnish-
. ed suites and single; travelers accommodated.
GRAND SOUTHERN Hotel. 7>.h and Mission —
Family house; those requiring a quiet, orderly
home at moderate charges; suit,elngle;elevat.
LARKIN. 119 — Elegantly furnished rooms; en
suite or single. •
' LARKIN, 810M.— Sunny front room; gas, bath,
I phone; $7 per month: gentleman.,
| MARTINET, 1101 Geary — Handsome suites:
i . private baths ;newly furnished single rooms.
MASON 502 — Front sunny outside rooms,
down town, $2 50 a week.
MINNA, 667, corner 8th — Newly furnished bay-
i window room; $1 per week; transient.
NEW ARLINGTON, 1015 Market— Nicely fur-
nished rooms; $2 a week up; 35c a day up.
PERRY. Ill — Rent ?C; fine double furnished
room; private.
ROYAL House. 128 Ellis— Incandescent light,
reading-room. 6inoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night 35c to $1 60; week. $2
to $8; month. $8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold. water; baths.
O'FARRELL. 20 — Sunny • furnished rooms and
offices; elevator, elec. lights; day. week, mo.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 23 Eighth St.,
near Market — Furnished or unfurnished.
BUTTER,' 717 — Furnished double parlors suit-
able, for offices.- _ . •
TEH AM A, 331 — 2 large sunny furnished rooms
to let; also housekeeping rooms, j
TURK, 207 — Large front parlor, suitable for
doctor or dentist; telephone, gas, etc.
TURK, 643 — Large front room; grate; gaa and
¦ bath; housekeeping if desired; $15.
TWELFTH, 111 — Large sunny frrnt room, com-
fortably furn; phone, bath; prlv. fam.; reau.
Vendome, 1104 Market — Changed hands; newly
renovated; furn. suites. Mrs. V. W.' Miller.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has . been - established at 109U
Valencia st.
ROOMS WANTED.
LADY would room in private family; not to
exceed $'5. Box 4295, Call.
Birih, marrlaare • and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at. either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per^
sons authorized to have the same published.Bekins -Van-and Storage <&.•„ business is
packing;,' moving-, storing goods. 630 Market. *
¦ STEAMER ALBION' LIBELED.— The W. S
Ray Manufacturing Company filed a Ubel yes
terday in the " United , States Ulatrict Court
apalnst . the Amejic»n:.5teapishlp Albion lor
$S03,"value of hardware and money furnished.
Severely Bitten by a Dogf.
. Mrs. Mary Sullivan, living at 122 Towns
end : street, ; was 1 treated a.t the "Central 1
Kmergency Hospital yesterday for several,
..dog bites on the face and hands:"-'She'was'
petting the animal when it resented': her
caresses. She was afraid the dog < might
be > suffering '.from 1 , rabies. *. Dr.-'-Armistea'd'
dressed ' her wounds.' ;^ ¦ ¦ : ' \, -r . * . - ; ". > .-. .
NEW YORK, March 19.— The following
Calif ornians have arrived: San Francis
co—J.Wlchelhausen, at the 7 Cadillac; C
Aldls. at the Belvedere: W.T. S. Doyle
at the Imperial; S. W. Holladay. at the
Hoffman: Miss -A.. , Knapp, at the Jst.
Denis; G. B. McMillan, at the Grand
Union: Mrs. J. H. Mitchell, at the Crite
rion; J.-Pachc,-at the Cosmopolitan.
Calif ornians in New YoTk.
"Finds Sweetheart a Thief.
. Miss-Nellie'lfcDonald^ iivJng'af G31'Min
na street, a' warrant •from "Judge
Cnbaniss yesterday for (the'.' arrest-' of
Frank'. McGuire, .ullas "Billy'.' '.-Williams
on, a; charge .of petty, larceny.' ,,,He had
been courtme'her- under the McGuire
name," and she alleges that \ yesterday
morning while", he; was -calling -upon her
he stole some silver ' spoons, which- slio'
compelled him ¦ to ; dlssrorge."-' After he had
left . she. discovered that: he had stolen
her gold watchvalued at 515. - "¦-
.George Mosckos. the discharged carpen
ter, who attempted- to 'set fire to the
steamer Ventura,. appeared before Judgo
Cabanlss yesterday, on- a* charge of ma
licious mischief. After Jieaf ing a' portion
of the evidence .for. the -the
Judge said the charge should be arson
but he, was, informed that as, the steamer
was about sail.- arid It. 'was lnadvl«ablu
todetain the witnesses,^it. had been-madd
malicious i mischief. 'After.' the testimony
of members of -the crew "had" been taken
the case, wan continued till to-morrow.
Charge Should Be Arson.
George Austin. Mayor of Lehl City.
Utah, and ' agricultural superintendent of
the Utah Sugar Company. Is in this city.
8. H. Smith has been reappointed gen
eral freight agent of the Sierra Railway,
with headquarters at Jameatown.
E. C. Southworth, a Southern Pacific
official with . headquarters at Sanger, is
recovering from a serious Illness.
: John H. . Hubbard, a banker of Cam
bridge, Mass.. is visiting the city and is
the ; guest of. E. Avery McCarthy.
Ellwood Cooper, president of the Fruit
growers' Association, is here from Santa
Barbara and is at the Lick.
F. H. Kennedy, an attorney of Stock
ton, la at the California, accompanied by
his wife and son.
Ex-Superior Judge Ansel Smith of
Stockton- is visiting this city on business.
M. E. Dittman of Redding Is at the
Grand;]gM$g|9gm
J. B. Alexander of Los Angeles is at
the Palace. \
Judge W. D. Tupper of Fresno' Is at the
California. /
H. W. McCray, a Bakersfleld oil man,
is at the Grand.
W. P. Lynch, a fruit-grower of Orovill*.
is at the Lick. . .
Thomas Clark, a mining man of Placer
vllle, is at the Grand.
A. C. Morrison, a mining man of James
town, is at the Lick.
V. S. McClatchy, editor of the Sacra
mento Bee, Is at the California.
R. H. Beamer, a member of the State
Board of Equalization,. is at the Lick.
Charles Mays, a merchant of Modesto,
Is at the Lick, accompanied by his wife.
PERSONA!*
Offers .; Reward ': for -Murderer.
•-Mrs. Opp#»nheim," \ widow of " Adofph
Oppenheim, who was.' mysteriously shot
:n i his shooting * gallery; . at 1 426 Dupont
street- some months ago, has"offercJ a
reward of $1000 for the. arrest and convic
tion of .the person .or. persons responsible
for the deed. ¦.¦:'¦. *.- -.¦¦¦••¦ • -,.-
Adams' " Sarsaparilla Pills.
--.A.sprins .medicine' for constipation,-. Impure
Uaad, plmplce, sallow complexjon; 1i)c, 25c. ;•
SUES O\V'NEJl OF VICIOrS TXK!.— Chris de
Julio of B13 Vallejo street, father of Charle*
de Julio, who was Wtt^n by a doj? owned by
H«-nrj" Sieroty, brought suit yefterOay against
FIsroty for % IOWi damages. •?
¦ A competitive examination under "the
rules of the Civil Service Commission for
promotion in the Police T»epartment from
the rank of sergeant to lieutenant will". be
held by the Civil Service Commissioners
in, the examination chamber,; Gity Hall,
on Thursday, April 10, 1902, at 1 p.-m. 1
All applicants for this examination must
pass a physical examination,: which is, a
condition of entrance. The -physical ex
amination will beiConducted bythe board
of medical examiners. I Applicants will [dm
duly notified when • and where • to ¦ report
to the medical examiners. .Applicants re
jected by the board, of .medlcab examin
ers will not be* permitted to participate
in the, written examination. >::.' ¦--.• '/•;,¦
The Civil ' Service: , Commission' has
announced the eligible list for Chief As
sistant Engineer In the Department "of
Public Works, which pays a Salary,; of
$250 per month. K. J. Morser.'-.who 'heads
the 'list, holds the position and- will; be
reappolnted, The list follows: . •' v
Edward J. Morser, 87.05; Harris. de ! II. Con
nick, 85.2: I^oren E. Hunt, H+,4; Tfederlck C.
Herrmann, 8-L3; Fred'A. Temple,' 83.^;' Arthur
II. Sunboin, 80.8. - * -•"•:• ; . • .- . ...-•¦
and Will Hold Examination for
i-, Police Promotions. •.
Civil Service Board Announces I List
ELIGIBLE TO SERVE r^;---;':
AS' ASSISTANT ENGINEER
Come and. See Them.
fl-adSe*' Vici Kid Button Shoes, all elzes
nd wiaths. at 40c and Tac a pair. Mon
arch Shoe Co.. 1422 Market. . . *
•The charge, of .grand- larcpny preferred
against J.'P.. I:ee^ Pa!mer ; was dismissed
by Judge Graham, yesterday on motion of
Prosecuting Attorney Porter Ashe. The
rrason glrcn. wds: the, absence from the
State of the prosecutlns: witness. ¦<
Larceny^ Charge • Is, ; Dismissed.
The Latest Things
in'skirts from Paris Tshow a nnjsh of bias
velveten on the edge!. .The best' bias.vel
vefppn has S. Mi : & M.- stamped . on the
fcack. ' ¦-.-.' ; ;-.',¦'. ;•',-'/ •. ¦¦-('¦' -- .'•-'. .. •¦ ?
Resolved, That .we heartily Indorse "the ad
ministration of the Hon. Eugene K. ¦" Schmltz
»lnce his advent Into office, and -further ap
prove of the manly and courageous ¦" stand
taken by our honored and esteemed r brother
Peter Duffy, aa a member of -.the .•'governing
body of the Union Labor party, and- repose, in
him the full ' confidence that . he has at' 'all
times had at the hand of the union,', and'com
mend him -for his honesty, truthfulness -and
untiring aeal and devotion to the principles of
trade unionism. '¦ • . .-?? ¦ . . t ;.-. .-, ¦¦;,-
E. G. HAL.LQUIST, .Prestdent;-
I^AWRENCE DONOVAN, , Secretary; ... •
Retolved, That we the members of Tanners'
Union No. 0018, do deprecate and denounce the
actions of the said J. L>. Simmons Jr. and
George F. Aubertine. and. brand them' as trait
ors to the true principles of trade unionism
and as typical office aeekers, whose individual
ity, they hold sacred and paramount to the
great tolling masses and whess further' policy
Is in the nature of rule or ruin; and- further
be it - ¦- - •;. .-.-¦- •:-.¦;-...¦¦¦:
Whereas, AVe have read In several Issues of
the Bulletin statements made by J. .D. Sim
mons Jr. and George V. Aubertlne, chairman
and secretary of "the governing ¦¦ body of the
Union Labor party, making charges against the
Hon. .Eugene £. Schmltz, and also .taking um
brage against ' certain members of ! that body
for darlnc to express their . opinion contrary
to the opinion that ' they entertained, "and also
published, their r names in' a most scurrilous
manner, amonsr them being our honored and
esteemed brother,. Peter Duffy; therefore be it
At a regular meeting of Tanners' : Un
ion No. 901S, held last night at
bun Hall," the ' following . preamble -and
resolutions were ..adopted:- . *r -.
tions of Simmons and Aubcftine
in Executive Committee.
Adopt Resolutions Denouncing Ac-
TANNERS HAVE CONFIDENCE
IN LABOR PARTY LEADERS
Next \Vedne?day .the last of the Lenten
services will be held- at Grace -Church,
when the ;Rev. Mardon D. Wilson will
speak on "Catholic and Apostolic Church."
Rev. H.H. Powell on "One Baptism", and
Rev, L. O.: Sanford on- "Resurrection and
Life of World to Come." ;. • :V -
The -Rev. J. W. Nichols chose for his
topic "I Believe in the Holy Ghost, 'the
Lord and Giver of Life," and the Rev. ,H.
S. Jcfferys,, who for the pan twelve years
has been doing missionary work in Japan,
delivered a lecture:- "Who proceedeth
from the Father and the Son, who with
the Father and the Son together is wor
shiped and ' slorined." The. topic of the
Rev. K. L. Parsons was. "Who Spake-by
the Prophets." Bishop Nichols offered the
benediction. '•-¦ -. <• . - - -
The Lenten service at St. John's Epis
copal Church, . on Fifteenth street, last
night was attended. by. a large congrega
tion of worshipers. There were present
the Right Rev. i Bishop Nichols, the Very
Rev. Edgar; J. Lion, Rev. D.' C. Gardner,
Rev. H. S. Jeff erys, Rev. E. L. Parsons,
Rev. J. W. Nichols, Rev. Louis C. Sanford
and Rev. J. P. Turner. There was a full
< % hoir under the direction of Miss E. M.
Phillips. .
Divines Attend Devotion at
,. -St. John's Church.
Bishop Nichols and Many Prominent
BIG CONGREGATION HEABS
CLERGY'S LENTEN TOPICS
; The election officers who served at the
last election in the Seventh Precinct of
the Thirty-second District and the
Twelfth Precinct, of the Thirty-first As
sembly District have been cited to appear
before Judge Murasky next Tuesday and ¦
explain the condition of several ballots
cast In those precincts. One of the bal
lots in question had a circle around the
voting mark after the name of W. Ken
ney, labor candidate for Public Adminis
trator, and another had a hole burn«d in
it.
The six precincts counted yesterday, the
Sixteenth and Tenth of the Thirty-first,
the Tenth and Eleventh of the Twenty
ninth, Sixth of the Thirty-second, Twe.fth
of the Thirty-first and Twelfth of the
Thirty-fourth, considerably reduced the
\leads of Walsh and Coghlan. Tney lost
-SI and 50 votes, respectively, -while Es
igers lost only 12 and Alpers IS. The losses
|of the other contestants were:. Bent 15,
'Wilson 12, Reagan 50 and Finn 48. Trie
I standing of the interested parlies is as
ifollows: ¦
Official Ix>ss to. Present
Count. Uatc Standing.
Alper« - ir,,!H'i '. l,'j»fi 14.«44
Kent 1«,112 1.242 U.SWl
Ergers ;:.15,M33 l,34n M.ttJO
Vilfon l(i.. r >l7 1.157 l. r »..1W»
Cojchlan 15.0*:; jh;t. M4.721
Poapan 1.1.4:14 ¦ m7 ' 14.437
Walsh 15,HS« . - 'Mi 14. cm
Finn 12.Q3B U77 14.C1S
Must Explain Condition of Ballots
JCast in the Precincts Under
Their Charge.
ELECTION OFFICEBS -
TO APPEAK IN - COURT
The attorneys for Dow and Mrs. Hines
are Henry M. Owens and W. H. Bodflsh.
It was learned, says Attorney Hoeffler,
that one of these attorneys visited the
County Clerk's office and got the certified
copy of the records: The copying was
done by Martin Flemming. while the rec
ords were read from the books by the at
torney.
When the bundle of papers connected
with the case was opened several impor
tant documents were found to be missing.
They are the petition for final distribu
tion, the proof of posting application and
the proof of posting of final account.
Probate . Clerk , Edward Casey threw a
little light on the affair when questioned
by Hoeffler. Casey said he had issued a
certified copy of the records on March 12.
but could not say to whom. This docu
ment, which was made - after the dates
had been changed, was filed by H. Dow,
a brother of Mrs. .Waters, with the Re
corder.
. Sherrard's entries showed, that the pe
tition for a decree of distribution had not
been filed until December 9, one day after
the filing of the final account. . Hoeffler at
once petitioned for a new decree of distri
bution, claiming that' the one issued in
1S94 was void, because the petition for dis
tribution had not been filed with the an
nual account.
Clerk's Entries Expose Fraud.
The . attorney wrote to Judge Coffey,
telling him- of his discoveries and yester
day a .further search was made. The
books used by J. B. Sherrard, clerk to
Judge Coffey in 1893-94 were brought out
an'd the alterations were at once apparent.
Hoeffler let the matter rest until last
Monday, when he • again went over the
books. Much to his surprise he found the
entry of December 8 had been "changed to
December 9, after his previous visit, and
in a. very clumsy manner.
On the afternoon of February 7 of this
year Hoeffler went to the County Clerk's
office and examined the records. He found
that the final account of the administra
tors of the Arthur Waters estate and the
petition for distribution had been filed
December 8, 1893.. His researches In the
minute books, however, showed a start
ling state of affairs. According to these
books the petition for distribution had not
been filed until the day after the filing of
the final account. This is contrary to
law. which provides that the papers shall
be filed . tosether. *
vestigate. In the course of his investiga
tions he Jearned enough ' to cause him to
communicate with the Vermont heirs.
v»Who;altered the records of . the probate
proceedings in the estate of Arthur
Waters? .Is the question that is now agi
tating I the v minds of County Clerk Ma
hony. Judge - Coffey: and Louis Hoeffler,
attorney, for a nephew and niece of the de
ceased liveryman. The question was asked
time 'and again yesterday, by "the inter
ested parties, but it is still unanswered.
¦The alterations, -for- there Is no doubt
that the records have been tampered with,
were so bunglingly executed that they are
easily discerned. So noticeable are they,
in fact, that. they show" that ¦ whoever
changed the dates and figures in question
knew little of the law. Entries in record
books in the County Clerk's office have
been changed in such a crude manner that
even persons not- versed in such . records
can- detect the. alterations, but the dates
and figures in the original. document have
not been altered to conform. . ¦ ' v
Though the^ alterations themselves are
not of Importance, the investigation which
followed their discovery developed a state
of affairs which means a great deal for a
number of people.- The Interested parties
are a. sister, a niece and a nephew of
Waters, and a brother and -sister of the
widow, lately deceased. .
Waters Left -Large '.'Estate.
About ten years ago Arthur Waters, a
liveryman, died intestate in' this city, leav
ing an estate estimated . to - be worth
$100,000. The widow asked the court to ap
point Charles C. Pennell and-J. T. Grant
administrators of the estate. They were
appointed, and when the probate proceed
ings were heard by Judge Coffey the
widow : swore - that her- husband -had no
relatives living, and', therefore she was
the sole heir. i
The property_-was ordered distributed to
herxm Januarys, 1S94, and the estate was
settled forthwith: . . ' < - ;
A short; time .after the -decree of distri
bution had been made by Judge Coffey,
John J. Enrightv a lawyer of Vermont, ap
peared in this city and announced himself
as ¦ the legal representative of Margaret
Mulcahey. a-stster of Waters, and Cath
erine A. Wood and John 1 Wood, .niece and
nephew of . the deceased liveryman. En
right's clients were entitled' to one-fourth
of the estate and he brought suit to have
that much of , the property declared a
trust for their benefit, alleging fraud as a
basis. for his suit. ¦• .'. ¦' <\ r
.The case was tried before Judge Troutt,
who. holding that the distribution ordered
by Judge Coffey was final, granted a mo
tion for a non-suit made by the defend
ants. The case was appealed, and Troutt's
decision was sustained.
Mrs. Waters Dies.
Mrs. Waters died a short time after this
decision was rendered,, leaving the estate
to Hezekiah Dow and Mrs. Hines her
brother and sister. A short time ago the
legatees of. Mrs. Waters advertised a por
tion of the estate for sale. The property
offered; is located at" . Polk and Gearv
streets, and Attorney Hoeffler Wd $50,000
Imw ¦ I ?Is-bid_- was rejected, because
a higher one had been received. This.re'
jectlon caused discoveries of the changes
in the records. ' : ¦ . ¦
Hpeffler learned that, the title to the prop
erty had been "held up" by a title insur
ance company, and he determined to in-
As the last of the passengers came
aboard the. round-up for stowaways . be
gan. Morgan Smith was by that. time pa
rading the poop-deck like a brigadier, gen
eral.
"Who is that lounger with the. black
cap?" asked the first officer., >
''He says he's ah engineer,", replied the
quartermaster. • . . ,
"Call the chief ' engineer to line • up his
men," Was the order. . • ' ' • . ¦ :
.The chief engineer mustered his force
and Morgan Smith was not in the ranks.
"Isn't that fellow an assistant engi
neer?" asked the -first officer... - ; .. ' . .
"I haven't a red-headed engineer on my
list," was the chiefs reply. . •-
That was the finish. of J. Morgan. ¦'¦.
When the transport steamed • out. into
the stream Smith thought he was safe.
Hut .alas for his plans the belated pas
sengers in quarantine at Angel Island
had to be taken aboard, and during that
delay suspicion grew .that .the.' stranger
was not really an engineer, although he
had~said he ( was with the air 'that has
carried him through many a ticklish situ
ation. .- , .: •¦¦.<•¦» . - •:: :/.:.:¦¦
Smith has lately longed for pastxires new.
Possibly the innocence of. young. "Jimmy'.'
Crowther, the Kobe bank clerk, who: joy
ously took from him a bogus, check and
was willing to "run a mile" to -give, him
change in good gold, lired'his amoltlon'to
be near the fount of such good things.
At any rate lie conceived the idea of go
ing t<) Manila ' at ¦ the - Government's ex
pense. First he tried to borrow asoi
dier's uniform, but did not succeed.. He
found a soldier, however, who was -.willing
to carry his sack of baggage . aboard.
Early yesterday morning. Smltn, in all the
giory of a spick and span new sulti white
shirt and collar and butterfly tie/ but with
a little black oiler's cap drawn over his
rtery locks, marched up the gangplank
of the transport. - * :
J. Morgan Smith, nephew of J. Pierpont
Morgan, had a short and inglorious
age yesterday as the 'guest of Uncle Sam
on the transport Meade. He, went' aboard
at an early hour, with an oiler's'cap cov
ering: bis "gilt roof," confident' that; his
disguise was complete , arid that . :his
scheme for free passage t» Manila would
not miscarry. At 2 o'clock he was hus
tled , unceremoniously aboard the tug
Sldcum and cent back to grace',. his old
haunts in the tenderloin. -..¦: ;• .'¦ ' -L. -¦
Scheme for -Free Passage ;to
S : L Manila on the; Meade v ' :
'¦ Miscarrie?. : .' :
Papers in Arthur Waters' Es
tate Are Tampered
With.
Nephew of Plutocrat;
Dons the Gap of
an Oiler; ¦
Attorney. Hoe ffler Makes
Important Dia
coveries. :
CLERK'S ENTRIES
ARE MUTILATED
.•-¦Reiolved, .That in the permanent- organization
or this alliance It is the Intention that It. shall
afford at ..all times: a rallying place for\ its
mpmbers'-and to furnlBh, campaign after cam
paign," 'a ¦ permanent . Republican organization
wherein, all : Republicans may alike exercise
their Tights .and -votes .In- thfe formation' and
organization of. the. party.
:-'Rosolveil, That the- Republican Mutual Al
liance, will 1 not devote Itself, nor the. influence
of. the organization, .to the. benefit and advance
ment, of the personal .Interests. of any individ
ual or, clique of Individuals, but that the en
tire-influence of 'thin organization shall be ex
ercised-to insure the success of -the party.
These resolutions were. adopted :
A. ''Vincent, chairman;; T. C. Mas
tell&r,". first; vice 'chairman: • J. Goldman., sec
ond vice-chairman; Dave L. 1 Reynolds, record-
Inir^ secretary; James Jl Murry, financial sec
retary; Max Oallick.' troasurer; M. A.. Smith,
first; sergeant af arms; Frfd J. M6ncke. , second
sergeant at arms.; ' . - i
,At ia special meeting of the . Republican
Mutual 'Alliance ; held last Tuesday . even
ing the 'following permanent officers .were
chosen: ••¦¦¦-;.- : . ¦ . - .;
Republican} Mutual . Alliance.'
;- ; This '-large, Republican organization in
tendsto be heard from on the floor, of the
convention. The manner in which it has
been' treated in the past will be clearly
explained.. A demand will be ' registered
for proper recognition in the future, both
in national and State .. campaigns. -. The
delegates -elected: are, not controlled by
any. one and will- go. to San Jose to serve
the best • interests . of ; the : party./
'Delegate - at large — John D. Spreckels; ex
ofnelo delegates — Captain Robert Wlenekc,
president; Carl .W. .Mueller, secretary; William
Plasemann, treasurer: delegates — C. B. Rode,
George H. Bahrs, 15. B. Faktor, B. C. Katben,
Alfred . Fuhrman. Fr'tz Gercke. H. Bendlt,
Charles Drescher, Fred Eb' o 'ers, Dr. 'A. • 11.
Brunc'H. Raschen, John L. Koster, Oscar A.
Tolle. William- Loewe, A. B. Spreckels, Philip
Kiefer, John D. Siebe. II. L. Joachtrasen, Emil
Woenne, ¦ George ' : Alpers, Charles Alpers,
Charles Bundschu. Louis Haa.ke. E.. A. Algel
tlnger/John Lackmann, E. S." Salomon, Charles
Samuels;- Joseph i Scherer. F. Koment, August
Hagedorn and P. P. Plagemann.
The German-American Republican Club,
Robert Wieneke, president, and Carl Muel
ler, secretary,: met last night and elected
the following delegates to the coming con
vention of the. State League of Republican
Clubs ,to be held at San Jose:
German-American . Club.
¦ Interested' spectators of the combat in
the Republican ranks note that the bosses
are staggering from the force of a few
preliminary cuffs' from the independent
press. What will; happen to the machine
when the real hammering begins in- the
country can be conjectured. Gage, how
ever, is . receiving some newspaper sup
port. , The Acton Rooster and tne Evening
Post are "doing noble."
Prominent Public Men Visiting Hero.;
Ex-Senator E. C. Voorhies of Sutterj
Creek is among, the public men of the
State 'in the city. • He represented the
counties of Alpine, Amador, Calaveras
and Mono in the State Senate during the
Twenty-ninth, Thirtieth, Thirty-lirst and
Thirty-second sessions of the Legislature.
His masterly grasp of affairs as chairman
of the. Senate Finance Committee really
brought about the era of low taxes in this
State.' His successor in the Senate, John
F. Davis of Jackson, is in town. Davis is
¦ lawyer,' statesman and author. He con
tributed tothe "History of the Bench and
Bar of California" a t "Historical Sketch
of IMlning. Law in California." -Recently
he obtained permission of the publishers
to reprint the sketch. The reproduction
covers : eighty-three pages and deals with
topics of -great .interest to miners. Judge
Davis" is Justly regarded throughout the
State as one of the. ablest legislators and
one of the best debaters that ever occu
pied a chair in the Senate. Assemblyman
Dunlap of San'Joaquin, who stood shoul
der: to shoulder. with Davis in supporting
Irving M: Scott for United States Senator,
was in San Francisco yesterday. There is
a deal of gossip to the etfect that Scott
may prolong his Senatorial aspirations,
hence the presence of Davis and Dunlap
may be accounted for on political grounds.
If'the desertions continue it will not be
long before the administration team will
consist only of - burns, Herrin and Gage.
It is true that John Lynch and Johnny
Mackenzie* are counted on to do some
hara pulling for Gage, but they are likely
to baU when they nnd tne Uai to> heavy.
MoseTGunst is relied on to lend a puil,
out he has. a sharp nose for a loser and
can readily change his base by getting
back" into- the "other party,". . from which
he was recently, recruited.
3>C8'ertions From Gage Camp.
, . .. . ..Goyernor^and is supported by ac
tive influences' in: Northern California. In
¦the campaign' of 1898 the Yuba Senator
Avas ..an-' arilent supporter • of Henry ¦ T.
Gage.. Througlout the long Senatorial
contest 'in the regular session of the Leg
islature; Cutter y/as ; recognized^' as : the
leader.of the. Grant. forces. It was noted
that ,.he;did;not : incur the bitter,, personal
hostility ; of '.Governor Gage.' although he
"was vigilant arid successful in his efforts
to defeat the boss bill to place all, the, pa
tronageI-?'of the San Francisco Harbor
Cpmmis'slon into the hands of the "organ
ization." During the last, session of 1 the
.Legislature Cutter stood in with' the .ad
ministration, but since the adjournment
of - the Legislature something has hap
pened to diminish* the Senator's confidence
In the executive. ¦ The, Indications are that
the Yuba; and. Sutter ; delegations, to .the
next Republican State' Convention .will", be
firmly aligned against the renominatlon
of _ Gage. : It is remarke'd also that Judge
E./C/'Hart • of ¦ Sacramento," the prede
cessor fof Cutter/in the; position of secre
tary pt the: Repoiblican State Committee,
is not; sounding the; praises .' of Gage.
: Moreover it -is observed that Frank Mc-
Laughlin, who was chairman of the Re
publican State Committee the year that
Gage;was discovered and'elected, is not
throwing bouquets at the 'executive of
th.s commonwealth.
>sy ElfATOR :W. ' M. r CUTTER of
.'.'fc^^.,.Yuba,- secretary of ¦ the Republican
? Jrrr^l..".State Central Committee, is in .the
city. " Cutter . is a camdidate for
J. MORGANSMITH,
MARINE ENGINEER
Senator W3M. -Gutter Hopes, to -Win' the Gubernatorial Nomina
tion—Revival of; Gossip vTouching. Scott's Senatorial; Ambition.
German-American^CiLib Ejects Delegates to; League Gohyentipn
ACTIVE REPUBLICAN LEADERS
DESERT THE CAUSE OF GAGE
TJLLE SAoST FRAo^CISeO i GAX.L, THURSDAY, MAKCH 20, 11)02.'
14
Avction
Grand
Avction
$50,000
$50000
Diamonds, Watches,
Clocks, Solid and Plated
Silverware and a com-
plete line of Fine Jewelry
to i e closed out at
Public Auction
Sale commences to-day,
2.30 and 7.30.
> 1065 -MARKET ST.
People's
Jeiyeiry Store.
'COL 1 DijiwiS,
Auctioneer. "• "
GREENBERG
31-37 GRANT AYE., Cor, Geary St, ¦
•FANCY EMBROIDERED ROBES
FILK SKIRTS
.WAISTS in all desirable textures
; . FEATHER B0AS^-RUFE3^
: LACE TRIMMINGS
ALL-OVER GRASS UNENS
SILKS
"HOSIERY
UNDERWEAR
CORSETS
GLOVES -
HAKDXERCHIEFST
LEATHER; GOODS
BUCKLES AND BELTS v -
NOTIONS, Etc^Etc.
greepergMreenberg
31-37 GRAN FAVE., Cor: Geary St.
1 nnn
Women's
Wrappers
Underbought
At a chance sale by our New, Tork- buyer.-
That's why .they're' going to-day at UN-
, DERSELliTNG PRICES. Made of best
percales and calicoes,' with just a few flan- •
nelottes among them. They're made In the
latest styles; all of them are lined to the
waist, most of them have the sleeves lined
also. - Are flounced and trimmed : wKh
braids, - torchon laces'. and Insertions In
sizes from 32 to 46." ' ¦' ,
NOW FOR MORE
Interesting Facts.
KQ^. To-day for PERCALE WRAP-
OOw PERS, nicely . made, . good ma-
¦¦"*. terlal:,. worth 85c. • . ; ..
TPZ. r> "¦ To-day/ for • PERCALE WRAP-
IOC PKR8,. prettily ; trimmed,' Just as
neat as you could desire; .considered a
good value at-' $1, : ; i t
QQ/> To-day for rare, ; good bargaina In
wOv WRAPPERS, • made of French
• Percale; that means best material; Thesa
garments are made up In different styles,
•,. trimmed- with braids, laces or embroid-
eries; reirular^prlce?!' 33.
C1 OS . To-day for regular 1 $2 PER-
q>l»j£,tj CALE WRAPPBK8. A real
comfort; that's what . they are. Fine
quality material, ¦ stylish and . pretty In
design ; bright, cheerful . colors or the
more subdued shades, Just as 'you like;
made witii < Spanish flounce, trimmed
with braids, linen torchon lacea or em-
broideries.. • • • ; » •
3 Waist Attractions
¦¦'¦'. TO-DAY ONLY.
QQ^'iFor cne of ' the season's 'popular
uOw novelties. . Will describe It and
. then • you'll .know what-.we refer to:'
' Dainty all-over lace waists, . most deli-
cate and pretty designs; back and' uleevetr
¦' made" of 'fine tvicked' lawn..- Ye«/< they're
those : regular . $1 ; 75 waists you liked ' to •
;much.'- We knew you'd remember.
CJ Oft F °f another ¦ roeelal value- in
5>tiZO WOMEN'S - FINE WHITE
¦ LAWN ' WAISTS, made with, new yoke
9 effect or fine all-over tucklnz ; ¦ the waist I
". pouches • prettil3 - from the .yoke and Is
:' trimmed' with clusters of., tucks. /••'. A'
trimming , of, rfarrow embroiderr . ribbon
insertion, throuch which is run black
.velvet ribbon, gives the ' flnishinj. touch
to these 'graceful stylish- garments. '. but-
toned, back or front;, regular. price $2."-'
C1 QS For . regular $2 75 'GRASS
<J> 1 • OO .LINEN . / WAISTS. They'xe
' so modish and pretty.' rows of < fine tucks
' ornament -.the . back and ; the • (ront ¦ Is
tucked '.to: give, low yoke effect, i Just be-"
low ' the . yoke line ..two rows of cream
Venetian/ lace r Is apDllqued; the 'collar
carries, out the dainty -effect,: Just simply'
tucked ' turn-over, tops of the Ven-
' etlan lace. . • . - . .• \
WE. CLOSE AT 6 O'CLOCK."
1212-1214 SRKET ST.^;
;'-. ' -Between Taylor and Jones. .
TT*te>e \ ' Hale's.
; DoubI(5=face. K\\^^^^^^m>
' Liberty Satin i^ \^^^W^^M^
¦Ribbon"35C.. :^^^W
Worth Jfic. : « If*
As heavy, perfect and • A *^" J
beautiful as ever. > f&mX&k \
A value that gives, dignity
"and new meaning to the word
"bargain/- The ribbon so Easter Millinery.
many women want right now ¦ ¦ J
as this liberty satin— think of "What pretty hats IJOU
Saving 15c a Yard . have this season
on it! % — and how- simple." This
6000 yards, too. Enough WO man was right. The beauty
for everybody to-day. ;is ; suggested rather than cx-
. 4H inches wide; soft and lust- pressed — -highest of all arts to
rous. Best quality you can get accomplish. To do that a
even if you'd pay 40c. master has taken the seem-
Bought cheap — that's why. ingly hard stiff lines, rolled the
• j^y ....-¦ ¦ ~^~ ~. brims a trifle, bent down the
l\|£W^ t^« fronts and backs, laid wreaths
Reception days. ' of flowers' or grapes on the
TT . r „ ¦ . tops, softened the outlines
; Happiest of all our style ex~ whh a bk of lace Qr ribbon tfaat
hibits. French art plus Amen- comes aroundandfalls in back/
Ca^u Vlt fi PI -r*u : i and there you are. Simple but
g The fine tact of the Ducncss uhsitt creations.
Du Barry was freely comment- And how becoming th are *
ed on all day as Avas also the (hats spri seem tQ make
genius and deverness of the. the wQmen look than
Yankee in .his interpretation eyer) fiut A are nQt
of it. It was.tnis worldly worn- jj ne n .
•an, as the center of feminine r>., u ' r% t> ' i- v t_ ¦
...' ., •- r , . VA7 , Duchess Du Barry is shar-
hfe and beauty of Louis XV s : nrrar ,,^iu^ - t u \r 1
~ ¦ , 3 . , iU • 1 mg equal honors with Madame
Court, who conceived the idea -i-w ¦& , . . . , .
.,.'.,. , , t cu De Pompadour in style this
of lines in dress and hat. She ~~Z:L-' V^i t. t 1
, . . , , , • , spring. Takes broad stocks
made the style and swing and (rn ., ., , ,
- ... .. ., . : . °. -. . (more than a thousand hats
exquisite, tailoring the style of * 1 r 1 v
a xl JC r were counted on display Mon-
a garment rather than the fix- t o A . . t •
ings and trimmings. So it is that the - 1Ve Hm P Ie prominence
most charming outfits are plain, yet to both.
there's a depth of beauty to them <z A nn c- nrv on <h „ ¦
that's more subtle and fascinating I>O.OO, ?7 o 0,
than the elaborate garniture-covered up to $25.00
ones. You'll realize it as soon as you
see these. Of course you'll come — ' *£ar
we take. that for granted. No woman /&0^wyJ&!*& /@?
interested in nice up-to-date clothes /^V Affl <^?s&(S^&^r <,^^i
can afford to miss them. '^iirZZL :
All prices up to $75-QQ. -^*^g«Q Ooot>^^
Tp-Day's Special Offerings
¦$1.7 s. Silk Stockings at $1.00
Ladies' fine quality Black and -Colored SiHc^Stoekings— plain
}' andrichelieu ribbed— all sizes, worth 5i-75 pair, special at SI. 00.
50c Fancy Stockings; at 25c
0; ¦ Ladies' 'Fancy Lisle Thread Stockings— richelieu ribbed in
prettiest of -all-over colored stripes— all sizes, worth 50c- a pair;
,. special at 25c. . ' "" .. : " " i . : : •
:•' Ladies' Black Lisie Thread V Ladies' Sillcaline Vests, low
Hose in all-over lace designs; l; r neck and, no sleeves, with. silk
I Frencfi~f6bT,"witli"hTgh spliced tape; ih'pink, blue; lavender,
'- heels and toes, value "OCw : black' and- white : - :: -ail QCT^
4CK*pair, at.". .ZpO sizes, "speciarat ......... -<^OC
Ladies' Fancy Lisle Thread f LVdies'W.hite.'eotto'nRibbed
) Hose in beautiful nj?\v designs; : Vests, '¦.with'' long or short
1 stripes and dots; lace effects, ¦sleeves, high or low neck;
alloverorankledesigns; "pants to matcli — all Q^^,
extra quality at ......... '-*JV\~ -.sizes, special at ......... £30.
¦ The Best Gloves in the World/ for Ladies ajVa
"* Majfioni, Trefoiwse, Rf)-n5rr, Perrins and Fowncf; all colors and sires 2n I 1] II •
Perfect Fitting Corsets
The proper corset means everything to a lady's figure. Our
. corset department is stocked with over 40 styles of the very
•-newest -models of themost' celebrated, makes— all are guaran-
teed as to style, comfort, durability and fit. We mention two
C exceptional values:
Bias Gored Straight Front Straight Front Corsets of
Corsets, in white, pink and fine quality coutille, in white,
- blue, witl. low bust, hip pores drab and black, bias gored,
and hose supporter q>j qc' low. bust and. long rt>r\ r\r\
tab; per pair CpI.ZD- overhips; per Cp-Z.UU
yjUI LalLl In CL OdlC
Curtain Fish Net, 50 inches wide, in. cream and white;
in choice new patterns, some with figured centers and double
stripe borders, some all-over designs; suitable for CYK-
sash and long curtains; value 35c per yard; special at
Silk Jersey Caps
. Closing out broken lines of. Silk Jersey Caps for children.
They are in navy blue, black, tan, light blue and drab, in plain
and fancy borders, also some in Roman stripes; were *j"\>;
originally Si. 25, $1.50 and $1.75- each— reduced to 6 OG
, iKearnp and Suiter $ts.\
— \ 1 *- ;s5SSso' ft-
SPECIAL SALE!
THURSDAY, FRIDAY, SATUROAY.
OYSTER COCKTAILS SERVED *
FREE DURING SALE. ¦*'?;,
Hams, finest t a stern, Ib. I3?,c
Kona Coffee, Ib m 20c
Strictly fancy, roasted
or ground. Regularly 25c.
Creamery Butter, 2 squares. . . .75c
Oyster Cocktail Sauce, bot 23c
Snider"* celebrated brand.
An elegant condiment for meats,
game, lobsters and oysters.
Shredded Wheat Biscuits, 3 pkgs. 33c
The great health food.
Je!l-O, 3 pkgs • 25c
A delicious dessert Jelly.
Lemon, Orange, Raspberry and Strawberry
' Regularly 10c pkg. .
Flavoring Extracts 4-oz bot. ; .20c
Ideal Lemon and Vanlla Flavoring
finest qaaHty. Regularly 25c
Baby Pim-Ulas, 3 bots .50c
Olives stuffed with sweet red peppers
Regularly 20c a bottle. *~v*^i«.
0 K Whiskey, bot 75c, gallon . . $3.00^
A high-grade whiskey at a moderate price.
Regularly $1 and $4.
SOLE AGENTS FOR THE CELEBRATED
IDEAL COFFEE f>CH\^
Country orders solicited. Catalogue free.
39 STOCKTON ST., near Market
TELEPHONE MAIN 5522.
1|M WARNING
TO THE PUBLIC!
MR GEOEGE MAYEBLE the Oar-
man toert Optician. whSh£a Tbw^!
tablished at 1071 MARKET STREET
nearly five years, is in no ?on"2Mt e a
with a party who opened next door to
him, calling themselves "Mayerle & Co "
KET STBEET? wiSen wishing t^a-
For stomach Disorders*
Cout and Dyspepsia
DRINK jA
Best NATURAL Alkaline! Water
220 BROAPWAT. N. T.
EJbB Ea^UIE d
PERFECT
Used by people of refinement
for over a QTiarter of a centTiry.
§ DR. MEYERS & CO.
SPECIALISTS f OS M£V.
.- Established 1S3L Co»-
•uliatlon and. priv»t* boo«
'xxte *t ortic* or by bum, ,
731MA|«EI$L
SAN TRANCiaOO. GAI»
\$. .We are positive y sur% '^^
\<^' tbat ;WaJK-Ovcr.. Shoes ¦'•&.
& "'. last' longer/ look betttr ffljl
arjd feel more comfort- %3
p able 'than ,.aoy $5,00 ,^a
p Shoe on; trie n)arKet.j: M4