no_textTllK SUNDAY CAJLJLi.
AN FASTER SONGTHE SECRETS OF THE STARS REVEALED
JHE week beginning on Bunday,
March 20, wi:i be ruled by Saturn,
Mr-rcury nnd Murs.' This l« not a
very hartnonlntm planetary combi
nation and will induce extraor
dinary happenings, *uch as ,Ktrlke«, ru
mors of war and rafth movements by
large corporations. There will be ex
tri'inn flctivhy in the business world, and
big. deals should be consummated.
Marriage.
Tho»«» who marry during thin week
will 1 ,|/i iii-i.' f rv#ntfiil ruarltul lives.
TlK-ro will Ini rhutiffc* nnd many varia
tions Of cic -n in ¦!:¦.•,< '¦.', Home Will ni:iU«
unfortunate rnlmlllMwe*. it I* a ven
turesome tltii" i'f the contracting of Oi**
1 /'Mint'- li'»»«li-..
Business.
.v.i. n !¦ 30. flun<)«> "Tills Is Uaster fluri
day mid tlnriii'i 1«« upt-nt quli'lly, Th»'r«
ini.y Uv cgilotfi shout r* duriiiii the foro*
noon, and f |i< r <• will Hrlua umx ,,< c (< rl nii
»i'i>»ii,<<» to fjlMlurli (us pfHcti unit ithould
fir*-v»»ll uiioii II,, 1 Quy.
Mi.hIi ,51, Mi'inin/, --t/kt*' will in many
Impuituni iilnrm tnatfrlullzf>d and now <*n*
1 er prims* auxpiclooKly licgun upon ili'n
Culm.
M«rJwl Hpritti under a rather contrary
iiiiii.i in i', 1 !'/<!;». tihouM rise by 11 o'clock
nii'i » nj-ut aii'i I'rniit by noon. The clona
of th" marku will bti marked by rapid
changes.
April 1, TufKdny— Tills Is a good day up
on v.hit h to punh t"tii nil commercial nf
fatrs. )(•«.((! rrnMiiii/itK should find an in
i:r»-»ir«- of i/iiKin'-;>, There should be a
loosening of the money market upon this
date. Market opens very changeable,
down m 12 and up at 1 p, rn. Oil and
mining stocks should be the most active.
April 2, Wednesday—There will be Im
portant changes in tha business world
upon thla day. Wholesale dealer* ohould
realize lartfe financial tiroflta, uTW espe
daily those <l<ol(n« In foralgn trade.
This In a good tiny upon which to sell.
fftocka open a little up, will bo down at 10,
up At 12 and vnny ni 1 p. m.
April 3. Thursday— Thin is a favorable 1
day for uualnca* of all kind*. Contract* .
and legal document* nhould b« Hlgned from
2 to 4 n. m. i'rovlHon merchant* should
mnkft Mucceaaful trarufucUonH upon thla
Cay.
Market open* ntnifly, Suaar and pro
viKi'jrw should rise «t 10, Ihttn nil nn«*
win do iiubjwt to rapid until 12,"
At 1 p, m. lh« mark«t v/lll be marked by .
« downward tendency,
Apjll 4. Krlday— J»rof>*Blon«l mn\ ahould
fn«*«'t with -un«xp«'«'t«»(l Huccnn upon thla
'Jiiy. TJi«»ro will t»«> noma Ntirrtiut \\>t\>\»n- \
\nu* In court and taw circle*, Thoae who 1
«< t<M work before 3 p, m, nhould ba sue- . 1
teMful;
M11 mi ( open* changentilo K with a midden
rlao from 10 to 11, uncertain at 12, but
With 11 firm rhini;
April 6, Hflturdny— Ktnndard article*
*houUl !>»< in nrri/i demand upon thl* data
nrid rKull mi refin nt* will profit largely,
]iu«lm«a contract* and Important trim*.
action* should bo consummated before
noon,
Btorks op^ steady, should rife between
9 and 10, with a changeable close.
* Birthdays.
March #), Sunday— Thou© who celebrate
tfi< lr birthday upon this date should take
«'X<?ell*rit care of their health during, the
nm twelve mofjths. There will be an
iinyanctti through letters and papers for
f«tne, Ther« will be change* In the fam
ily circle, through nmrriaires, for others.
March 31, Monday—Those whose birth
day falls upon thlB date will experience
a sternly and profitable business year if
rlwkx and speculations ore avoided.
Young people will court and wed and
widows will have offers of marriage,
April 1, Tuesday— Those who celebrate
their natal day upon this data should
avoid lawsuit* ana quarrel* during the
pomlng year, Young; man should progress
In business. Young women will have pro
posal* of marriage.
Anrll 2, Wednesday— This will be 11
ratfior unfortunate year for thoso wIioho
birthday full* upon this date. .There will
}»<» disappointment* and Illness for some.
'ili»M 11 will bo Uihh»h tor some, whila
ol hern mAy acquire wealth through tho
<l<uiih of a near r«lutlv«\
April 3, Thursday— Thla will b» a proa
iH'inuH and nuccenaful year for nil whose
birthday fall* upon thla date, Thoas in
employ will receive promotion. Monoy
dhould fnnrfiR«» through fortunate Inveat*
m«nt», Youna •ppopje will oxportence
happy love nfrnlrM,
April 4, Frldny—Thoaa who celebrate
their birthday to*day will find tha coming
yi>ar>a qufft and uneventful one, >Ail
«hou d eKerel** cure aitalmit quarrel* and
family dlKa^nalon*, Young propla will en
counter ptrentaJ objection to their love
affair*,
April 5, Baturday-ThoM who*e birth
day fall* upon thla day should avoid «x
cltcment and /take all precaution po*alble
iiKQlmtt ftecldnnta during tha noxt twelv*
month*. > Utflrnry and all prof«»«lonal
People Hhould meet with public retrard If
they celsbrate their birthday thl* day.
Births.
The chlJdr«n born durlnn thlr week 'will
poaae** extremely octivfl mind*,' with am
blUou*, energetic tempe^menta. They
'_•*¦¦'¦¦"!
Should brcomo gifted lawyers, prcaohnrs
and actors.
. . March 30, Sunday—The children born
upon this dity will be headstrong and ob-
BtlnatavThey will be Strong or -purpose
nnd should succeed In the world. Thu
boys should ¦ become eminent lawyers.
Tim girls will, bo quick-witted and friK.i-
JllrMIH.
March 131, Monday— These children will
be easily trained and will always be pol
ished-, nnd' conventional. They will be
hlKhly respected and will succeed In their
chosen lines. The girls will be quite for
tunate in marriage.
¦ April 1, Tueiday-The chlldron born to.
day will be of restless naturon. They will
|)(ihh<'hm a dominant ' pow«r and will be*
natural limders. They will form frlond*
easily and will be fond of eoolal v\enn
ur««, Th« boy* will b« nuccemntul specu- 1
In tors. The srlrls will make brilliant mat-'
rlmonifll al!iann«s, ,
April 2, WftdnnsrtayVTheja children will
bo (jf.hfinpy, v.nMtm», cheerful dlsponN
tlonB,/* t Thoy, will luck nxeuutlvo ability
nnd will rtflvor b« sucoeimful inann/r«rs in
flnanclaljlnes, Tho boys will ba fond of
travel,. The girls will "he talented niu«i
clans. • [
Aprl L?' ThursdayATho children : born
upon this datfl will b« fdrtunate In all of
their tindertfiklnKS. The boys will bo nuc
cessful nnanciors and tho girls will marry
¦ happily.' / ¦
April A, Frlday-Thotifl children will ba
af!tfv« and. ambitious. They; will be en
dowed with high, tempers, and Bhould b«
at an •nrly atso taught self-control. The
boys wlir rise to respected positions - in
'•/«;. and the girls will be recognized so-
Ci til I^&u€fr0i ..: •*¦' ''", ' ¦ ¦ X^/ rt
A t P r t \ l 6 ' Saturday-These children will be
artistic, with a keen appreciation of the
Deautif til* * *¦ , :. /
By studying the conduct of one hundred
men whose »uiu were rejected the statis
tician obtained the following equally In
tertstlns; flfuros: Forty or tbem rushed
in a frenzy out of the room, tw«nty-on«
¦aid that life henceforth bad ao more
vnlue In their eyes and tbey would com
mit suicide, fourteen became suddenly
tongue-tied and Irrational, els ealmly re
signed th«xna«lve» to the Inevitable, fire
avowed their intention of Immediately
emigrating to America, three tore oat
Kinin of their hair, two bit their lips till
the blood came, one atnek hla hand* into
bis trouaera pocket* and whlatled a popu
lar song and another looked up toward
heaven and began to aay tbe "Lord'n
Prayer." •>,
Of the ladle* 87 per cent knew before
hand that the proposals were about to be
made to them. Ho verity of them sank, &*
though embarrassed, into the arm* of the
loveaonen. and only four fell gently down
on a chair or aofa. Fourteen covered
their bluohlng face* with their' hand*.
el«ht threw their arm* passionately
around the n«»ck* of the men, two said,
"l']*u** np«ak to mamma," and one
sneered. One lady, who w«n 43 years old.
probated vljrorouKly against Riving or re
ceiving ;i ki '¦<.: another, who wu of about
the same age, Hald, "Yen, you may k!*«
me, but you munt do It in a gentlemanly
manner.'
t ... to a foreign statistician the world i*
. indebted for some very interesting
. H data in regard to the most approved
methods of courtship in civilized
countries. These data were compiled from
several hundred novels and romances, the
object, being to show . how men propose
and how women receive the proposal*.
From one hundred typical cases of ac
cepted declarations of love the statisti
cian obtained the following figures:
Eighty-one of the one hundred men
vowed thut they could not live any longer
without the adored ones, seventy-two held
the ladles' hands In a tight grip, sixty
kissed them on the lips, ten on
the right hand, two on the tip
of tha nose and ona on tha
shoulder; eighteen were no excited that
they could hardly speak, twenty-alx lost
their eloquence through certain Qualms of
conscience, twelve told • in deep cheat
tone*, "Thank God," and eight frankly
admitted that they were Inexpressibly
happy.
APPROVED MTHODS OF COURTSHIP
their two ranches
and then Brandow, v, If >
was the younger, haJ
flvngr out that little».speech
It struck the cement, of th.. .
frienushlp and broke it.
When Brandow reached home
that luckless day he Bat 'down at oncu
and spent a long- time writing a letter
which he gave into the Keeping of a
youthful friend, with the instruction not
to spare horseflesh in the delivering of it.
It is truu that our friends blunder for us
more oftnf than our enemies do.
I When Maverick Swlmm reached home
that same day he was In no friendly mood
with anybody or anything. He knew he
It will sometimes happen that a man will
pass unhurt through battle and ambush,
through wreck and disaster on sea and
land and reach his home in safety to step
out some sunny morning and break his
neck In the most trivial accident. It was
much like this with the friendship of
these men. They Wad hot words
about the building of a fence between
The farmers had encroached more and
more upon the range of the cattle kings;
the "no-fence" law was made in the teeth
of their opposition, ana the cattle kings
had to fence or move. Maverick and
Brandow had decided to do something of
both.
the thousand and
one ways in which love
tells itself.
Brandow liked Maveric*
Swimm, and defended him be
hind his back, which was more
than many of his other friends tiiu
Maverick tolerated Brandow with a
patronizing air7 but his left hip pacifier ur
argument would have' blazed at any tia
ducer of hftn, and in his heart (every man
has some sort of a heart if you know
how -to find it) he had a warmer fftend
ship for him than ¦ for any other man.
They had camped out together w th the cli
mate for a tent; had slept with their boots
on and their saddles for pillows, and
waked- with the rain on their faces.
Maverick Swimm had. always had his
way in that country. He was a "first set
tler." H« carried a grim-looking paci
fler of argument at his left hip, the han
dle always ready to his right hand. His
branding iron sizzled on more yearlings
than he owned cows to mother them. He
wm from Texas, and ineistentlv called
them, "mavericks," notwithstanding that
every other cattleman in the country
adopted the softer Spanish word that
designated an unbranded yearling.
The name naturally settled on himself.
"Maverick" Swimm was known the re
gion round, which was mostly the best
that could be said of him. and perhaps
tbe worst. He waxed rich -and important,
abd richer and more important. His house
was the biggest and whitest of any, his
horses were the finest, his gentle-hearted
wife the smartest woman apd his young
eister, Kermit Swimca. the fairest maiden.
HI* dog could whip any other man's dog.
Kermit Swimm loved William Brandow;
Fhe likewl«<? believed that he loved her.
They bad pot told It in speech, but in
It was on the -easternmost edge of the
great valley that stretched its unbroken
flatness from the foothills to the Coast
Range and its length for a thousand
miles. , . ,;-•
Maverick stood looking after him m the
momentary paralysis of surprise, with his
mouth unclosed; then he thrust his hands
to the bottom of his trousers pockets,
widened the distance between his insteps.
squirted a stream of tobacco juice into a
equirrel hole and ejaculated: "Well, I'll
be damned:"
1HSN you can
build your own
fence, and I'll build
mine!"- •
William Brando w fluns.
the words at "Maverick" Swlmm,
swung himself around and" strode
away. The little round hole his boot-heel
made in the soil was there for many a day.
taken to writ
ing poetry. Bole
Turner said ol
Mrs. "White told
his wife that her
niece had a magazine
$ent to her from plum
back In the States that
had a piece with- his name
signed to It. .
Maverick "laid" for him at
rodeos, in town on Saturdays,
and came home at all sorts of
unexpected hours. Brandow
never seemed to see him when
they met In a crowd, and they
did not meet elsewhere. It was
not in Maverick Swlmm to shoot
a man in the back. Finally he con
cluded that Brandow's conscience
had turned him religious. From the
hour in which he took possession of
his wife's letter Maverick had been
cold to her and neglectful of her com
fort ; to a decree that became cruelty.
"31s absences from home lengthened and
ame oftener; yet.. in the paradox of his
nature his tenderness for her grew with
his neglect. . ¦
At times he had a desire to choke her—
tnd then to kiss her feet. When he saw
ier> gradually fading away and caught
the wistful, wondering look in her eyes
he had the notion strong in him to fight
Brandow with his fists and compel him
to come and see her.- At such times he
heard the rattle of. the cans far the old
carpet-covered footstool, and ended by
pitying, himself.
One morning, returning from a longer
absence than usual, he found her lying
on the bed, her eyes bo sunken, her
cheeks . so hollow, her face so pale, he
was startled. The picture of her came to
him of the day he told her tho lane was
finished, and tho saucy laugh with which
ahe had said: "1 suppose when you and
Hrundow kill each other you'll request to
bo burled one at -one end of It and the
other at tho other I"
lie throw away his chew of tobacco and
washed. his mouth, came to her. bedside,
«at down by her, and took her band. She
looked up to him eipectantly.
"Dolly," he.aald, "1 met ol' Doo Cola
Juat out there."
She did not nay anything.
"1 any ' I met ol' Doo Cola oat ther«."
. "He'waa here," ahe answered.
."Dolly," he healtated. "Dolly, Doo aald
there wunri't any thing pnrtlc'lar the mat
fer with you,* but he said you'd die noon
f. ¦omethlnff didn't happen—"
lionet hlH teeth hard— then, "Tell m*
.vliat It 1«, Dolly, Hint you want to hap
i I'D, mi' I'll »»•<• 'tit happen*!"
She »earche»l hl» fac« with h«r irrnut,
• 'tight ' eyes, tli«'ii dropped the Ud» over
them; ii faint flunh crept over th« pallor
'¦( her cheek*; ho naw It and had his own
•litter interpretation,
"In them anybody you want to aee7"
"Nolody hut you, Mnv,"
"Htire, Dolly V' '• *
"Ver:' sure."
"Doliy", .whiit enn - 1 do lor you? Doo
il«l I rniiHt do something."
' The faint rfluiih crept over her face
i/f/iln. One llash'of/the old taitcy light
vaped from her eyea to hla. "You— you
night klaa mi*." '¦
lie touched h In n ph to the hand which
¦" held and prAsiidd them nnttly on h«r
"ireheud and hair. "Get ol' Mrs. White to
.nmo an' Mtity with you."
Dolly, madfl no reply.
"I'll ro out iinrl kill u aquirrM and maka
'in aomc aqulrrel aoup— that'll tone you
ip," '
Dolly amlled a tired little amlle and put-
Ui\ hi* hand,
"And If there la anybody you want to
"Dolly's dead!"
She did not awake from the sleep in
which he had left her. He went alone
into the room where she lay and stood
by the coffin; the smile was still on her
lips. He looked long and long at the
white face as though he would fix every
feature of It on his memory forever. He
got the box In which he kept his receipts,
unlocke* it and tcok out the letter— that
letter. She should have her love letter in
the grave with her. He would tear off
the envelope and lay the dead man's
handwriting on the dead woman's heart.
To his honor be it said he did not intend
to read it. It was not a pleasant thing
hewas taking on himself to do.
He tore the letter open, wide open— it
contained only another letter — on the
back 01" the other letter was written Miss
Kermit Swimm.
"Know what?"
.hat other au
tumn day when
l.c ruid stood face
in face he had
called this friend a .
name that no man
forgives— at least un
asked. Glancing 1 quick
ly about him, he bent low
to the ground and whis
pered in the dead man a
JLatc in the afternoon of the
following day he came Into
je kitchen of h!s own home and
rew a so.uirrelv.nth it3 head shot
on the floor. There were so
uism/ wcmsn stirring about the
house he thought it must be a surprise
White came into the kitchen '
and asked him what he was going to do
with that squirrel. "She was a tidy
housekeeper and did not like the looks of
it on the clean floor.
"Make soup for Dolly," Maverick re--\
plied. Old Mrs. White threw up her
hands and sat; down on a chair set sttmy
against the kitchen wall, exclaiming,
"Lord! Don't you know?"
horse into the corral - a young man he
• knew came riding up. in the long, sloping
.gait of the tireless mustang and hastily
; dismounted. He took a letter from. an in-.
. nor pocket and, started for. the house with
. it. ¦ Maverick called ' to him - to stop ; and ~
. demanded to know . what it /waa • he
- brought in such hot haste; - - ; \ • ,..<
The ' young' man answered lightly:
"That's for the lady to whom it belongs
to say." ii£- -- , .. .
"From ¦„ that fellow Brandow, I'll bet!
Give it tome." ;"• . v '- r-. -.•>-.; •';;_;: ¦ "-' • ¦¦-.
"But," said the other. "I -was instructed
to deliver it invo^the hands of .the lady
myself." ;>-•.; ¦¦ ¦ -' .:
Maverick's surprise at - Brandow's de
fiance bad turned to redhot rage.v -
"I'll see thut it: gets into the right
I hands— give it to me." tapped i he
handle of the paclner of ; argument with
the ends- of his • fingers while; he spoke.
The young man'-whlstled and handed over
the letter, stammering apoloueticallv as
had been to blame, and the knowledge
made him blame everybody but himself. •
As he was opening the gate to turn his
His wife had asked him to take her to
the ball, but it was a ten-mile ride in the
November night and he did not think it
a wise -tiring to do. I He had ever a gentle
care for her health when It bothered him
to neelect it; \ . .:.- V->"
He. dropped the letter into his pocket; a
mirthless, contemptuous smile distorted
his lips. -He hated Brandow for sending
it,' but despised tha- other more for yield
ing it up so tamely. ¦'¦/¦ '..'¦ -
He knew - his sister Kermit was to . go
with Brandow to the ball that night at
the Fifteen-Mile House;- her dress had
him a cow's worth.
Maverick read the superscription on the
envelope, and ai cold, gray, hue spread
over his face and paled- the sun tan of
his skin. He had thought the letter -was
for his sister, but he read in Brandow's
bold' handwriting. "Mrs. Dolly Swimm."
"God!" His profanity stopped in its own
inefficiency:- This then was the secret of
Brandow's friendship— sneaking a letter
to his wife in the face of their quarrel^
He recalled now many incidents that had
had no. meaning to him before. Brandow
had spent days and evenings at his home
—when he himself was there and when he
was not— and he had thought it was for
Kermit. . "God!"— the word came through
his shut' teeth. He made up hia mind at
that moment to shoot Brandow dead if
ever he set foot on his doorstep again.
he did so that it didn't suppose it made
any difference who gave her. the -letter, so
she got It, though he neglected to tell this
to 'Brandow. ' He - wondered as .he rode
away what had' come over Maverick that
he didn't want anybody to see his women
folk; Kermit and - himself had^been to
school together at ( the academy. The
academy, be it known, was built and
maintained by the rich cattlemen for the
education of ..their, young people. The
young man was of " the younger genera-;
ti.op.-s Either Maverick or Brandow in
trusted with a letter like that would have
defended it with/his life. , . .
It came to pass that each man did
build his own fence, as Brandow had
said, the result being a lane a mile and
a half long and not wide enough for two
men to walk abreast in it.
It began at the" point of a jagged spur
of the Sierras and ended at nothing on
the dead level of the plain to the west.
Poppies grew in It and spangled it with
gold. The tall milkweed blossomed there,
and- the wild red clover, the alfllaria grew
rank around the posts of the fences
where the soil had been shoveled up.
Larks made their nests in it and sang
their songs to the blue sky. Maverick
and Brandow never spoke to each other
again. The lane was between them.
. One, two, three, four the years slipped
away, married a stranger and
forgot the old love in a new one.
William Brandow, on that never-forgot
ten night, ceased to attend balls or any
places of amusement. He was still the
tallest and straightest of his fellows; his
blue eyes- had lost none of their bright
ness; but the wavy black locks on his
temples were streaking with gray. - It
was whisDered about him that ho had
She was thinking of the long ride in the
moonlight with William Br/Lndow . and
the waltzes with his arm around he*
, waist. Had she known, the song would
have died In her throat.
, . . Dressed beribboned, curled. . ready to
go, her mirror told her there -would be no
prettier girl at the ball that night.
with hat and glBves on she waited till
the stars came our and the full moon
rose. She sat by her bedroom window,
and watched the road he was to come till
It. seemed to her an endless black ribbon
stretching out Into the misty miles of
moonlight. "A mocking bird lighted in th«*
cotton-wood . tree at . • the well and sang,
and whistled, and she and the ¦ mocking
- ; bird seemed to have the /world to them
'selves. - Brandow did not. come, nor came
to her any word of excuse or reason why.
Because of .it Maverick's rage burned
hotter within him. Kermit lost color and
', appetite as the weeks went by and he
did not come.
Pretty Kermit Swiram came ¦¦ tripping
out into the yard .where he was. Sho
waa singing off the exuberance of her
happiness. "Who you loading for now.
Mav?" she stopped her>«ong to say, and
gave his ear a tweak as she passed him
by. He : did not reply. She was too full
of -her own gladness to notice the omis
sion, and his broad hat brim hid his sul
len face.
Coming Into ' the big sitting room, which
opened directly Into tbe yard, he struck
his foot against a footstool that was
made of oyster cans set in a circle , and
covered with a piece of carpet cut to fit
the shape of them. Ordinarily he 'would
not have paid any attention to it. but
everything was changed now. He gave
It a vicious kick' and sent it rattling to
the other side of the room. "My life."
he mentally soliloquised, "is just like
that— a piece of old carpet full of empty
tin cans.'* It was the first time he had
been in a mood of that kind; he was en
joying the misery of it
He took the letter from his pocket and
began to tear the envelope. Then he
stopped and thought, then returned it to'
his pocket unopened and went out into
the back yard, where he took his paclner
of argument from his left hip side,
cleaned and oiled it and loaded it anew.'
hold his pride or act heroically- when
there are none to see him.
He saw his old friend and comrade Iy
i-nsr there and he remembered that on
-.".- \ ' '
Maverick had never been placed m a
similar position. It is hard for a man to
Mechanically he turned and looked
back; then the awfulness of It all •.wak
ened his senses. Dead In the dead clover
lay a tawny mountain lion whose sunken
flanks witnessed that hunger had driven
it down the foothills.-
sea came "em. and I'll bring "em If I have
to lasso 'em an' drag 'ent-Jn at the end
of a rope."
He glanced down to see how she was
taking hla garrulous attempt to amuse
her. She wa3 sound asleep, the shadow
of a smile on her/lips. He slipped out of
the room on tipToe, tied his dog to keep
him from following and started out to
shoot a squirrel— he'd have that : soup
ready for Doily when she waked — he tooK
a strange pleasure In the thinking. It*
went up on the side of the jagged spur of
mountain which Intruded Into the valley,
carrying hla six-shooter In his hand, but
not a squirrel showed Its head. He turned
back toward the west and walked alonjr
the wire fence till he came to the end of
the lane. The brown grass and clover
and milk weeds stood high and thick In
lr from end to end, while all the outside
was grazed to the ground. He went Into
it for the first time since It was built,
hoping to get a shot at' a squirrel, and
tramped until he was tired. Men walked
little In those days. A soft, warm, white
fog. white as a white cloud, began to roll
in from everywhere and close around
him: it shut out the world from bis sight;
so near It came he could almost reach out
and touch Its fleecy whiteness. All the
way from tbe side of the jagged, rocky
hillside he had had a queer. Instinctive
feeling that he was followed. After tha
fog had closed around him he could dis
tinctly hear a stealthy, gliding step on
the dead clover. When ha stopped to listen
It stopped; when he started It started;
while he walked It glided behind Ma hid
den in the fog. Then he heard a tramping
before him; he stopped, and tha tram pin*
that was ahead of him stopped. He wad
not afraid of anything that walked tha
earth, - but the unnaturalness of every
thing and the fog-shrouded silence wore
depressing; besides, he could never find
the way home in It nor kill a squirrel.
Sudden as the changing of a thought the
fog lifted and rolled away, and Maverick
stood face to face with William Bran
dow. Behind him the stealthily gliding
step had changed to a measured srwlah,
swish, swish, as of something moving
back and forth from side to old*. The)
lane was too . narrow for them, to p«-w
side by side; one must turn back or eravwt
through the 'wire fence.
" Maverick, In his old, Imperative way,
motioned Brandow to turn back. Bran
dow gave one startled glance at him and
beyond him, then with a swiftness which
only an eye could follow he caught the
weapon from his side and fired. Maver
ich had but to raise his hand. As the
simultaneous shots rang out he heard a
heavy fall and a struggling on the ground
behind him, and saw Brandow pitch
headlong and lie stretched full length In
ths narrow lane. He waited to fall him
self, vaguely wondering why he did not—
Brandow, as all the country knew, waa a>
dead shot. — . 2.
THE SUis-DAY C^lLL.
3
THE STORIES OF MAVERICK SWIMMNot one person "out of a hundred will
be able to draw these animals with one
line, without previous instruction. This
ts amusing for little children and also
their elders.
D^wing puzzle.
animal — for instance, that of a scorpion.
After a short while th* scorpion will
start to move In th* water, working Its
legs aa If it wanted to swtzn, while Its
tall will move like that of a live scor
pion. This experiment teaches us that
camphor ham a tendency to mov* on the
surface of the water, caused by the evap
oration of the camphor fumes; this will
be accomplished without dissolving the
camphor; single pieces will not separate,
but follow the laws of cohesion. This
experiment is very surprising in its ef
fect—try It and see.
Take a glass, fill It with water and
place pieces of camphor of uneven size
on Its surrac*. forming the figure of on
Cwpph©i'ScGi f pfan
Dip your 'finger in
water,, holding it
over « the ; place
where . the . match Is
bent,, and allow one
or two ;Orops of
water 'to fall, on
that point The
two sides of tna
angle will open
slowly, allowing'. th«
money; to drop- Into
the bottle.
Bend a match In
the center so that it
forms an acute
angle and place it
over the neck of a
large bottle; on top
of the match place
a piece of money, a
cent, for instance,
as ' shown in figure.
The - trick is to put
the money Into
the bottle without
: touching the match
or the bottle. .'
THE NECESSARY MATB
RIALS FOR THE TRICKS
IN THESE OOIAJieONS ARE
FOTJND IN EVERY FTTN
LOVING HOME, OR MAJY
EASILY BE PROCTTRED AT
THE EXPENSE OF A' FEW
CENTS.
.^¦¦'Drop : -op WM&i as AibVYrjg'poy^r
It was evident that th* red mattar waa
not of volcanic origin. Th* various chem
ists who examined it agreed that it had
come from th* Desert of Sahara, and s*
the> mystery of th* "rain ef blood" was
explained. The matter la ef great tntoraat
when w* remember that similar eeenr
rences are described by livy and *ta«r
old writers at a time when TnlcToaoopesi
were not and th*eracl*a war* Ignorant
of analytical «*"»'¦' t — ffl»"«>— ' Jour
nal.
A PECULIAR phenomenon was ob
servable throughout Southern Eu<
rope, and more especially In Sicily,
on tb* 10th of March last. In tho
occurrence of what seemed to be a rain
of blood. Th* fields, treea and roofs were
"pointed red" in a very literal aense. and
doubtless In many outlying parts tho oc
currence was regarded as a portent of
terrible significance. Th* rain, how*v*r,
was subjected to chemical analysis— a pro
cess which has little sympathy with, su
pernatural things— and its exact composi
tion ascertained, confirming th* accepted
theory of its origin. It consisted ef 60
per cent or red sand, and th* rest was
composed of clay, a Ilttl* organic matter
and about 5 per cent of water. Under th*
microscope vegetable fibers, frafmants of
diatoms and other debris could b* snen
Blood-Red Rain Fell.
•'THAT DONT LOOK SO SOO-tfEllNACHERAL NEITHER," SAYS ENRIGHT, P'lNTDT TO THE HOOF, PRINTS.
pard." he shouts down to Granger. "Come
on In a whole lot! I'd journey down thar
an' get you, but I can't leave; I'm tendtn'
bur!" ;
" 'You're | shore right, colonel,' sayi
Pacts when Colond Storott ends the anec
dote, 'tho fcelln' of that onhappy stranger
Hport Is absolootcly parallel to mine.
Ghosts Ih new to mo; tin' I'm goln' plrout
lii' off with Enrlght on this demon hunt
an' ura If 1 can't fetch up In tho midst of
a trifle of nervo-coollu' trouble. 1
"TIjg ghost tales of tho stampeded cow
punchers excises Dan BoggH a heap.
After Enright an' Peets has organized an'
done p'lnted out for tho ha'nteC Bar-
B-3 sign camp to investigate tho spook,
Dan-»can't talk of nothln' eUe,
•• 'Them's mighty dead game gents,
Enright an' ! Doc Peets Is!' says Dan.
'Which I wouldn't go searchln' for no
sperit s more'ri I'd fondle rattlesnakes! I
draws the line at intimacies with fiends.'
" 'But mebby this yero is a angel,' Bays
Faro Nell, from her stool alongside of
Cherokee Hall.
J' 'Not crlticizin' you none, Nell,' says
Dan, 'Cherokee himse'f will tell you sech
surmises is reedlc'lous. No angel* is goln'
to visit Arizona for obvious reasons. An'
ag'in, no angel's doo to go- skallhootin'
about after steers an' stampedin' 'em
over brinks. It's plumb ag'ln reason; you
bett That blazln' wraith, that a-way, Is
Bhore*ohough demon! An' an for me,
personal, I .wouldn't cut his trail for a
bunchjof ponies!'
"'Bo yi>\i nil nciutiI of ghosts, Dan?'
asks< Faro Noll. *
"•no'l scared of ghosts?' unys Dftri.
'I don't' want to brug none, Nellie, but
I'll gamble '-four to one, an' go as far as
you ltkea, that If you whs to up an' show
mo a ghoat right now I wouldn't stop
runnin' for a plumb month. But whnt
appals ¦ mo partlc'lar,' goes on Dan,
•about Poets an' Enright la they takes
their guns. Now, a ghost waxes unusual
indignant if you takes to shootln' him up
a lot with guns. .No, It don't hurt him;
but he regyards eech demonstrations aa
insults. it'B like my old pap says that
time about the Yankees. My old paj? Is
a colonel with Gen'ral Price, an' on this
yere evenin' is engaged In leadln' one of
the most intrepid retreats of the war. As
he's prancin' along at the head, of his
men, where a great commander belongs,
he's Bhore scandalized by hearin' his r'ar
gyard nrln' on the Yanks. So he rides
back, my old pap does, an' he says:
"Yere you'all eediots! Whatever do you
mean by shooting at them Yankees? Don't
you know it only makes 'em madder?"
An' that/ concloodo Dan, 'Is how I feels
about specters. •! wouldn't go slammln'
loose. at 'em with no guns; It only makes
'em/madder.' > i\. ; -
"it's the next day. an' Poets an' Enrlght
Is organised -in t^he ha'nted sign-camp of
tho Hiir-li-s. 'Also, they've .been lookin*
round. By rldln' along onder the face of
this yuro precipice thoy come, one after
t'othtir, on whnt lit t Id Is left of the dead
atcors, Whnt strikes 'em as a heap pecoo-
Her Is, thar's no bones nor horns, Two or
three of tho hoofs Is klckln' about, an'
Enright picks up one the coyotes; over
looks. It ehowa U'h been cut off at the
fetlock J'lnt by a knife. ,**•;!
"'This yero specter,' says Enright,
passln' the hoof to Peets, 'packs a bowlo;
an' he likewise butchers his prey. Also,
ondoubted, he freights the meat off
some'ers to his camp, which Is why we
don't notice no x blg bones layin' 'round
loose.' Then. Enright scans the grass
mighty scroopulous; an' shore enough!
thar's plenty of pony tracks dented into
the soil. 'That don't look so soopernach
eral neither,' says Enright, p'lntln' to the
hoof prints.
" "Them's shorely made by a flesh an'
blood pony,' says Peets. 'An' from their
goln' some deep into the ground, I de
dooces that said cayouse is loaded down
with what weight of beef an' man it can
stagger onder.'
"That evenin' over their grub. Enright
an' Peets discusses the business, Thar's
a Jim-Crow Mexican plaza not three miles
off In the hills, Both of 'em la awar* of
this yere hamlet, an' Poeta, partlo'lar, Is
well acquainted with a old Mexican sharp
who lives thar— he's a kind o' schoolmas
ter among- 'em— who's mighty cunnin' an'
learned. Ills name Is Josa Miguel.
" 'An' I'm begtnnln* to flgger,' Bays
Peets, 'that this yere ghostly rider Is the
foxy little Jose Miguel. "Which I've fre
quent talked with him; an' he saveys
enough about drugs an' chemicals, that
a-way, to paint up with phosphorus an'
go surgin' about, stampedln' them cattle
over the bluffs. It's a mighty good Idee
from his standp'int. He con argue that
the cattle kills themse'fs— sort o' commits
sooicide inadvertent— and If we-all tracks
up on him afterwards with the beef, he
insists on his innocence; on' puts it up
that his cuttin' In on the play after them
cattle done slays themse'fs, Injures no
body but coyotes.'
" 'Doc,' coincides Enright after rooml
natin' a lot In silence, 'Doc, the longer I
ponders, the more them theories seems
shore sagacious. That enterprlsin* Greaser
is best about kill in' my beef, an' sellin' It
to the entire plaza. Not only does this
yere ghost play operate to stamped* the
cattle, an' set 'em runnin" dmmaron an'
locoed so they'll chase over the cliffs to
their ends, but likewise It serves to scare
my cowpunchers off the range, which last,
ondoubted, this Miguel looks on as a de
sideratum. However, it's goin' to be good
an' dark to-night, an' if we-all has half,
luck I flggers we fixes him,'
"It's full two hours after midnight, an'
while thar's stars overhead, thar's no
moon; an' along the top of the mesa It's
as dark as the Inside of a cow. Peeta an'.
Enright Is Injunnln' about en the prowl
for the ghost They don't much reckon
it'll be abroad, as most likely th* plan
has beef enough.
" *Hesh I' whispers Peets, at the same
time stoppin' Enright with his bant, *bo*s
out to-night I'
"•However, by to-morry night' saya
Enright in a whisper, 'or at th* wrrst by
the night after, we're shore to moot up
with this yere marauder.' ' .
"An' thar, for shore, is something Hke a
dim bloo light movln' about over across
the plains, mebby It's half a mile. Now
an' then two brighter lights shows in
spots, like the flames of candles; t&em'a
the fire eyes the locoed cowboys tolls ©t
Whatever It is, whether spook or Greaser,
It's quarter-in' the plains like one of thes*
yere huntln' dogs. Its rait, that a-way,
»'M'1'-M-M"1"H-M 1 I! II II I I I It
The Ccd
8how the audience two pieces of eor*
and three- rings. Then put th* ring*
over the two pieces of cord, as shewn In
Fig. A, and give the two end* of th*
cord to somebody to hold.
Then" cover the rings with your hand
for a moment and "presto!" the rings
aro free, while the "cords are intact
This surprising experiment Is done in
the following way: . Before your exhi
bition slice a thin fiber from one piece of
cord and tie (as shown In Fig. B). the
two pieces of cord, covering the place
where the cords are tied with your hand
until the rings " are put over them, hiding
the place of connection. Then you give
the. cords with the rings to somebody to
hold carefully (as shown in Fig. C), and
remove the rings with one quick pulL
To show that the cords are Intact, slip
your .thumb between the two ends, as
shown in Fig. D.
•'•An' it's mebby second drink time
after midnight,' gasps the cow puncher
who's relatin' the adventures, 'an' me on'
Jim is experiments' along the aige of a
mesa, when of a suddent thar comes two
steers, heads down, toils up, locoed abso
lute they be; on' flashin' about in the
r'ar of 'en» rides this yere flamin' cow
ep*rtt on Its flamin' cayouse. Shore! he
beads 'an over the cliff; I hears 'em hit
the bottom of the canyon jest as I falls
eft zsy broncho in a fit. . As soon as ever
I come to an' can scramble into that Tex
• ¦H 1 ill 1"M 'I I II H-H-H-H-I-HJ
"It's after the second beef klllln' which
this specter makes when the two riders
allows they'll do some night ridin' them
ee'fs an* ee« if they solves these yere
pheenomenons that's cuttin' into the
herds of the Bar-B-8.
"It looks like on two several occasions
that a handful of cattle gets run over a
steep bluft from the mesa above. The fall
Is some i !xty feet In the d'ar. An' when
them devoted cattle lights, It's plenty easy
to guess they're aech no longer, an' thar's
nothln' left of 'em but beef. These beef
tfrlves happens each time In the night:
an' the cattle must have been stampeded
complete to make seen a trip. Cattle,
that a-away, can't be relied on to gp
ehargtn* over a high bluff onless their rea
son is first onhlnged. No. the coyotes an 1
the mountain lions don't do it; they never
cliHM-h cattle, holdln' 'em !n fear an' trem
blin*. These yere mountain lions prounces
onto colts like a mink on a matin' hen, but
never calves or cattle.
"Any gent can see that these yooths Is
plumb scared. Enright elicits their yarn
only after pourin' about a Quart of nose
paint into 'em.
" 'Because she's ha'nted,' says one;
'Jim an* me both encounters this yere
banshee an' it's got fire-eyes. Also, itse'f
en' pony is likewise built of bloo flames.
You can gamble! I don't want no more of
it in mine; an' that's whatever!'
"It's over mebby fifty miles to, the
southeast of WolfviUe. some'ers in the
fringes of the Tres Hermanas that thar's
a sign-camp of Enright's brand, the Bar-
B-8. Thax's a couple of Enright's riders
holdln* down this angle of the Bar-B-8
game, an* one evenin' both of 'em comes
EQuanderin' in— ponies a-foam an' faces
pale as paper— an* puts it up they don't
return no more.
"It ain't ouch of a tale. It turns out
like all them sperit stories: when you ap
proaches plumb close, jumps sideways an'
seizes 'em by the antlers, the soopernach
eral elements sort o' bogs down.
Winchesters, busts its knee some, an*
Peets ampytates its laig. Then they
throws it loose; allowln' that now its only
grot one laig, them visitations will miehty
likely cease. Moreover. Enright regyards
ampytatlon that a-way, as punishment
enough. Which I should shore allow as
much myse'f!
"Ghosts?" he retorted. "I never does
hear of but one; that's a apparition which
enlists the attentions of Peets and Old
Man Enright a whole lot It's a specter
that takes to ha'ntln' about one of the
Bar-D-S sign-camps, an' ecarin 1 up cattle;
drivln' 'em over a precipice, an" all to
Enright's disaster an' loss. Nacherally,
Enright don't like this spectral play; an'
frir" an' Peets lays for that wraith with
"But what about ghosts?" I persisted.
fy PF.CTERS? Never: I refoosca 'em
my txrliefs utter"; and with these
>) emphatic wordn the Old Cattleman
K-^ tasted his llyuor thoughtfully on
¦ his tongue. The experiment waij
not satisfactory; he dispatched hl« dark
retainer Tom for lemons and sugar. "An'
you-all might better tote along some hot
water, too," he commanded. "This yere
nosepaint feels raw an' over-fervid: a lee
tle dilootion won't Injure it none."
Coruitbt. 19US, by Ilobert Howard Uusscll
" 'Granger is beginnin' to upbraid him
se'f for not gettin' the onhappy stran
ger's address so's he could ship home the
remainder. In the midst of Granger's
se'f accoosation, that a-way. the lights
in the gin mill begins to burn asr'in, one
by one. After awhile, she's rellloomin
ated an' ablaze with old time glory. It's
then the door of the FAMILY EN
TRANCE opens an' the onhappy stran
ger Fport emerges onto the sidewalk.
He's in his shirtsleeves, an' a angelic
smiles wreathes his face. He shore
looks plumb content!
~ ' "Get out the keerriage an' come in,
t'H"I"IM-l"i'I"H-H"l"I"I"I"!"l''l"M'I-»
" 'Everything's plenty quiet for a min
ute. Then slam! bang! bing! crash! the
most flagrant riot breaks forth! It
sounds like that store's comln' down.
The racket rages an' grows worse.
Thar's a sznashin of glass. The lights
go out, while customers comes boundin'
and akippln' forth from that FAMILY
ENTRANCE like antelopes. < At last them
uproar dies down; final, they subsides
complete.
" 'But Granger is firm that he won't.
He's not inquisitive, he Bays, an* will stay
planted right thar on the r'ar seat an*
await deevelopments a whole lot. With
that the onhappy stranger eport goes
mournfully for'ard alone, and gets into
the gin mill by the said FAMILY EN
TRANCE. Granger sets thar with his
head out, lookin' an' listenin'.
" ' "Come in with me," says the onhap
py stranger as he gets outen the keer
riage. "Come 'on; you-all don't have to
tight none. I jest wants you to watch
me. Which I'm the dandiest warrior for
the whole length of the Ohio!"
"'At that Granger consents to guide
the onhappy stranger. They drives over
an' Granger stops that outfit, mebby,
she's fifty yards from the door. He
p'ints it out to the onhappy stranger
sport.
But can't you come an' p'lnt out
the place?" coaxes the onhappy stranger*
of Granger. He's all wropped up In what
Granger tells him. "As I states, I don't
know my way about good, an' from your
descriptions I shorely wouldn't miss vis
ltln 1 that resort for gold and precious
Etones. Come an' show me, pard; I'll
take you there in a keeriage."
" ' "If you're honln' for a muss." pays
Granger, "all you has to do Is go a
couple of blocks to the east, an* then five
to the no'th, an' thar on tho corner you'll
note a mighty prosperous s'loon. You ca
per In by the side door; it says FAMILY
ENTRANCE over this yero portal. Ba'n
ter up to the bar, call for Ucker,' drink
It; an' then you-all remark to the bar
keep, casooal Ilk©, that you're thar to
maintain that any outcast who'll k«s11
seen whisky ain't fit, to drink with a nig
ger or eat with a dog. That's all: that
barkeep'U relieve you of this load tbut's
been burdenln' your nerves In about
thirty seconds. You'll be tho happiest
sport in Looeyville wlfen — he gets
through."
" ' "Shore, no!" says the onhappy
stranger. Then he goes on apol'getic:
"Gents, I'm onfortunately constltooted.
Onless I has trouble at least once a month
It preys on me. I've been yere in your
town two weeks, an' ain't seen the sign
of a riot. GentB, it's beginnin' to tell pn
me, an' If any of you-all could direct me
where I might get action It would be
kindly took." ;';\ '
" ' "You-all needn't gaze on us that
away," says, a gent named Granger; "you
can put down a stack on it, you ain't
goln' to pull on no war with none of us."
" 'It's one evenin',' says Colonel Sterett,
'an' a passel of us is eittln' about a table
in the Gait House bar, toying. with our
beverages. Thar's a smooth, good-Iookin'
stranger who's . camped at a table near.
Final he yawns like he's shore weary of.
life, an' looks at us sharp an' cur'ous.
Then he speaks up sort o" gen'ral, as
though he's addressin' the air. "This is a
mighty dull town!" he says. "Which I've
been yere a fortnight an' I ain't had a
fight yet." An' he continues to look us
over some mournful.
" 'You're lookin' for trouble, Doc,' pays
Colonel Sterett, kind o 1 laughin' at Peets.
•You reminds me of a enhappy sport I
encounters long ago in Looeyville.'
" 'An' wherein dees f*Is yjrc B'.co Grass
party resemble me?' asks Peet3.
"'An' if you-all <f.on't mind none,. En
right,' Bays Pccts, Til get my chips In
with yours. Thar'n been no one ahot for
a month In Red Djg an' Wolfvi le, an'
I'm plum free of patients. An" now, if
the boys'll promise to ho'd themse'fs an'
their guns steady for a week or fo,'an'
not go to constructln' no need for my
presence abrupt, I linger that a few days'
rldln' about the ranges, an' mebby a riot
or two roundln* up this cow demon, will
expand me a heap an' do me good.'
us taiMle oc'ln me an' Jim simply hits
the high places In tho scenery, an' here
we-all be! An' I don't firo buck to that
Har-n-s'camp. I" ain't rldln' herd on no
itpparltlons; an' whenever ghosis takes
to romnncln 1 about In the cow business
that ktu me out.'
" 'I reckon,' sayn Enright, wrlnklln* up
his brows, 'I'll take a look Into this rack
et myee'f.'
" 'Which I shore deplores It, Jose,' says
Peets, 'to go shortenln' up a fellow sci
entist like this. But thar's no he'pln' It;
fate has so decreed. Alao, aa some com
fort to your soul, I'll say that I explains
to Sam Enright as to how you won't rldu
no more when I gets you fairly trimmed.
Leastwise, when I'm done prunln' you
thar won't be nuthln' but one of theso
yere women's saddles that you'll fit, an'
no Kent, be he white or be he Greaser,
con work cattle from a side saddle.' An'
with that Poets; tiummln' a blithe roun
delay, outs mci.lly away at that wound
ed member."
"Peets, when the sun comes up, enjoys
hlmse'f speshul with that operation. Peets
Is .fond of ampytations that a-way, an'
he hacks off said limb with zest and
gusto.
"As Peets foresees, the ghost ain't none
other than the wise little Jose Miguel,
the schoolmaster, .vrho's up on drugs an'
chemicals. The blco glimmer Is phos
phorus; an' them fire eyes is two oJ
these yere nttie lamps, like miners packs
in their caps. Enright an' Peets strolls
up; this Miguel 'is groanin' an' mournin'
an' cryln' Marie, Madre de Dios! When
he sees who downs him, he drags himse'f
to Enright an' begs a heap abject for
his life. With that Enright silently lets
down the hammer of his rifle.
"Peets. pulls hlmse'f up straight as a
saplln' an' runs his left hand along the
bar'I as far as his arm'll reach. An' he
hangs long on the aim, aa shootln' In the
dark ain't no cinch. If this yere ghost in
a bright ghost, it would be easy. But
he ain't; he's bloo an' dim like washed
out moonlight or when It's jest gettln' to
bo dawn. Enrlght's twenty yards ta one
side so as to free hlmse'f of Peets' smoke
In case he has to make the second play.
"But Peets calls the turn. With the
crack of his Winchester, the ghost seta
up seen a screech that it proves he ain't
white; an* also that he'll live throug..
the evenin's events. As this yere specter
yelps, the bloo cayouse goes over on its
head an' neck an' then falls dead on its
Bide. The lead which only smashes the
specter's knee .to splinters goes plumb
through the pony's heart.
" 'Which your eyes Is younger,' says
Enright. 'You cut loose, an' I'll stand by
to back the play. Only aim plenty low.
You can't he'p overshootln' In the dark.
Hold as low as hl3 stirrup.'
•*Enrtght an* Pcets alliies to the ground
an' hobbles their broncos. They don*
B tm to have them go plrootln' over no
bluffs In any bllndncsa of a flm Ghostly
surprise. When the ponies Is snfo they
bends plumb low an* begins makln' up to
ward the ground on which this yero btoo
abimmerln' shadow Is ha'ntln' about.
Things come their way; they has luck.
They ain't crope forty rods when tho
ghost sort o' heads for 'em. They can
easy tell he's cumin", for tho tiro iys?s
shows all the time, an' cot by fit* an'
starts, as former. As the bloo shrmmer
draws nearer they makes out tho vague
shadows of a man on a hoss. Son, she's
shore plenty ghostly as a vl::ion. an' En
rlght allows later it's no marvel them
punchers varaoisea seen harrowln' scenes.
"'How about It?' whispers Poets. 'Snail
I do the shootln'?'
M "He's on the scout/ saya Enright. 'try
litf to start n steer or two In the dark.
But he ain't located none yet.'
la niebby a .-.low canter.
By Alfred
Lewi*/'
WOLFVILLE STORIES
THE SUNDAY CALL.
4
HOME MAGIC FOR
EVERYBODYThe' American Horse.'
An excellent "little manual of great in
terest to all lovers . of ; those 'splendid ani
mals,; the' American trotting and pacing
horses, v Is ; one * recently written and pub
lished by Henry T. Coates of Philadel
phia. If. Is • hardly correct to credit :'. Mr.
Coates with all the . contents of the vol
ume, 1 . for ; the '; book is ¦ really divided into
several, distinct .parts.* The first part Is
devoted; to' a jhlstory .of .the; American
trotting, horse. *; This history, though con
cise, is rich In facts.' A second part gives
"The American Trotting Turf In 1S99 and
1900," by A. M. Glllam, Another ¦ section
? Hew Edition,
Last year the Baker A Taylor Company,
New York. " published The Salt Box
House," by Jana 6* Foraat Bhelton. The
story la a charming; one of Colonial life
and met with well deserved' success. In
fact It has been so favorably received dur
ing the last season that the publishers
have brought out a special edition this
year. ' The volume as it now Is has not
only the : extra attraction of elaborate
binding and a very artistic cover, but the
illustrations axe - extraordinarily good.
The frontispiece Is a fine half-tone re
production of a typical salt- box house,
with slave Quarters and barn.
Literary Notes.
Little, Brown & Co. recently published
the Versailles ' edition (subscription) of
Dumas*, works In forty volumes, price JSO
net This same Boston house Is now Issu
ing the La' Salle edition of Francis Park
man's works ($5 net per volume in. cloth,
$10 net per volume In three-quarter levant)
complete in twenty .volumes: also three
limited editions of the works of , Samuel
Lover, in ten volumes as follows: -Cloth,
$3 50 net per volume;, half morocco, $6 60
net per .volume, and de luxe editions
(three-quarter, levant), $12 net per volume.
The Abbey . Press, . New ; York, has Just
published a volume of poems called "Vis
tons of Life," by. Martha. Shepard Up pin-
To the esyptran sph?n*
FULL thrice a million suns have burned in
Yon sky since first thy solemn face looked down
Upon the world. From one wide wilderness ,
Thou hast beheld the Earth emerge to take
Its place among the fairest of the stars.
From the dull twilight of the early world,
Half time without a compass or a star,
1 Thou hast beheld the imperial mind of man
March upward to the full-orbed light of Day.
;> From out the virgin soil thine eyes have seen
A thousand empires rise; and thou hast seen
As many trampled into dust, as; the
Iron tread of war ! went ''thundering through
But ' in majestic silence thou
Hast gazed upon it all! No -word has passed
Thy stony lips. No tear has dimme'd thy cold
Gray eye. No thought has ¦ leaped to life in thy -
v'- -Deserted 1 ; brain j nor dream disturbed the deep
Sleep of thine -adamantine soul: ; Buf silent,
Imperturbable, thou'sittest like ' .
A god in dreams, looking, straight into
DEKISQN ALEXANDER RUSSELL.
The Americanization of the "World.
. A timely book giving a vigorous picture
of the American dominance of the world
Is "The Americanization of the World,"
by W. . T. Stead." Published by Horace
Markley, New York. , There is no sub
ject so prominent to-day as the wonder
ful 1 , world", mastery; of the -.United States.
We are dominating .the world socially,
politically, and commercially.; Our daugh
ters have been in the vanguard; of this
foreign invasion.' - Then > followed the " en
terprising' manufacturer, who captured or
is capturing foreign markets.
America stands for an Idea—for all that
is best In progress and the higher life, and
what we : are doing to-day is an evolu
tionary process, in which the fittest will
survive.' .;¦•" • ¦•'¦.', ... ..- ',•¦<¦'•¦'•
Mr. Stead realizes all. this, and he
draws a wonderful picture of the new
era in the world's progress, which la to
be the outcome of It all. He portrays the
United • States as , the : crucible of nations,
as t a great .smelting pot in which the
world's '.populations! have been reduced to
that /richest ingot— the modern America.
Be shows | how we | have invaded Europe
and the futility of , Its resistance. .' Central
and ;¦' South "America— "the little brothers
Of ,' the .' United - States"— are •: treated ¦ In a
new light— The Monroe Doctrine, What It
was and What It is— Shall Canada be an
nexed ?— The unspeakable Turk, his' ef
facement by . Uncle Sam— Religion, Mar
riage and ; Society, Literature and Jour
nalism, Railway .Shipping and Trusts.
Price;*!.' ':¦.'¦ '¦¦ : . .',-;¦¦¦ » ';' ¦ ¦ :" .. ,~:
-
Mackaye's greatest pupil, while Mao
kaye himself was Delsarte's greatest pu
piL Mackaye, however, left no book,
while Mrsl Stebblns la the author of sev
eral, all treating on expression. Her task
ha? been to Americanize the Delsarte sys
tem—to put It into intelligible, practical
working shape.
One of the aims of the Delsart* system
Is so to train the body that those muscle*
only that should operate. to perform any
given act are used. Lack of physical cul
ture, or lack of physical control, la
shown by musclea that should not mor«
in any given act operating, thereby inter
fering with those muscles whose
function It is to perform that given act.
There can be no grace, no rightful ex
pression until this ' interference Is
stopped. Delsarte did a great thing # w hen
he taught relaxation as well as tendon,
repose aa well aa action. This law ap
plies to vocal as well aa to physical ex
pression.' The price of the book la IX
woman of her agre and to have our at
tention held by anything concerning her.
• The introduction to both memoirs and
correspondence is by' C. A, Salnte-
Beuve and will be found of material aid
to the reader. The books are all well
indexed.
Books Received.
THE POLITICAL FRESHMAN— By Bushrod
"Washington James. Bushrod Library, Phila
delphia. Pa.
THE MASTERY. OF THE PACIFIC — By A.
R. Colqnhoun. The M»pmm«n Company. New
York. $4.
FOODS FOR THE FAT— By Dr. Yorke-Da-
Tiea. Brentano'3, New York.
FRANCESCA DA RIMINI — By George More
head. J. 3. Ogtl-rfe Publishing Company, New
York. 23 cento.
LITTLE ITAX.Y — A Tragedy by Horace B.
Fry. R, H. Russell, New York,
THE BLACK CAT CLUB — By Jam«a D. Cer
rotherm. Fuflk A WagnalU Company, Now
York. $1.
VISIONS OF LITE— By Martha Shepard Up
ptneott. The Abbey Praaa, New York. $1 23.
LETTERS FROM EOYPT ANI> PAUE8-
TLNK — By Maltbl* Dsrsnport Babooek. Carlr*
8crlbner*s Sons. New York. *L
ALIEN'S— By Mary Tippaa Wrt*it. Charles
8erlbnor*s Sons. New York. H B&
THE YELLOW FEEND — By Xn, a '«^""^tt.
Dodd. Mead A Ok. Nnr'Yerk. $1 5flL
THE SPECKLED BROOK TROUT— By W
rlous expert* with ted and reel, wilt*d and
nixtstratad . by - Louis Bfread. B. XL TrniwIL
New York.
TED CHURCH Oy SAINT BUNCO— By Oar
don Clark. The Abbey Trun, K«w York. Q.
THE FIRST YEARS . 07 THX LXSTB 07
THE RKDEEHXD AFTER DZATH — By Wil
liam C. Ulyat. Tn* Abbey Preaa, Nmw York.
$1 23.
THE LADY O7 NXW ORLEANS — By 5tar
oatloa B. Thornton. Tte Abbey Preaa. Xarw
York. U CO.
MACTrr. TH0RNL3T — By R. C Baflr. Ti*
Abbey Press. Now York. *1 25.
THE ORPHEAN TRAGEDY — By Edwour4 a.
Creamer. Th* Abbey Presm, Now York. d.
HOW MZ3f AKS MADE — By Daalol Hoff
Martin. The Abbey Press. Now York.
, THE WOSDEPJ* O7 MOT^EUND — By Ed
ward Sorte Ctitlda. The Abbey Press, 2T«w
York. 11 25.
THX EXLEMT PIONEER — By Lucy C3e*r«r
McElroy. Taentas Y. Crowell A Co., Now York.
n eo.
the King with their backs to tne windows look-
Ing on the courtyard. The noise the thing made
In falling was great, and its weight seemed like
to break the table, making . all. the dishes
Jump, ' though none were oroken, for luck
lly It fell upon, the cloth and - not up
. on tho i dishes. The King, at the blow
it gave, half turned his head and with
out the slightest emotion said, "I believe
those are my fringes." It was in fact a pack
age about the breadth of a priest's bat, tied up
In. a badly made pyramid ' about two feet Ion?.
It was thro wrt from far behind me, through
the two antechambers, and a scrap of. the
fringe getting detached in maldalr, fell on the
King's wig, which Llvry. who was on his left,
saw and lifted off. . He went to the edge of the
table and found it was really, the fringes twist
ed up In a bundle; and we all saw them, as he
did. As Llvry was about to lift the bundle he
saw a note attached to It. He left the bundle
and took the note. , The King held out his hand
for it, saying, "Let me see"; but Livry very
properly would not, and stepping backward
read it, and gave It to Daquin, behind the
King, with whom I read- It as he held It in bis
hands. It was written in a long, feigned hand,
like that of a woman, and said: "Take back
your fringes, Bontems; the trouble was more'
than the pleasure; my kiss-hands to the King."
It was folded, but not sealed. The King wished
to take.lt from Daquin. who drew back, smelt
it. rubbed it. turned it, and returned it, and
then showed it to the King, but would not let
him touch it. The King told him to read It
aloud., and read It himself at tho same time.
"That is .very insolent," eald the Kins; but
he said It In an equable, and, as it were, his-*
torlcal tone. -Then be told them to take away
the package. - Llvry found It 'so heavy that it
nothing. At last tt.e King told the latter to go
and measure it by foot .ale and come and tell
him the result. While he was doing this
Louvols. furious at the proceedings, grumbUd
aloud, crossly declaring that the window was
exactly the tame size as all tho others. The
King said nothing and waited; but he was
plainly displeased. When the measurements
were made he asked Le Notre the result. Le
Notre hesitated. • The King was* angry and or
dered him to speak out. Le Notre then ad
mitted ¦ that the King was- right by several
inches. He had .scarcely said the words before
the King, turning to Louvois. told him he
could not put up with his obstinacy any longer;
that If it had not been for his own eye that
window would have been crooked and the whole
building must have. been torn down as soon as
finished; In short, he washed his head for him:
Louvols, incensed at this rebuke, given in
the presence of the courtiers, tho workmen and
the valets, went home furious. He there found
Saint-Pouange, Villacerf, the two Tiiladets and
others of his henchmen, who were much alarm
ed to see him in such a state.- "It is all over."
he said to them; "I am ruined with the King
after his treating me In this way about a mere
window. I have' no recourse but a war which
will put building out of Jhla head and make me
necessary to him, and by — he shall have It."
He kept his word, and within a few months, tn
spite of the King and the other powers, war
was general.'
Saint-Simon puts a life and vigor into
his descriptions that is particularly tell
ing in the dramatic narrative of . the
crises In the reign of "Louis and later in"
the' history of France under the regency.
At these times, of course, there is the
danger of bias on the part of the writer,
and his partisanship must be allowed for./
His anecdotes In the nature of court gos
sip are .extremely, amusing and give as
nothing else can a colored and vivid pic
ture of the age and its customs/Here is
a story that he has to tell concerning t'wo
remarkable - robberies from/ the King,
which is one. of the many that gives to
us the inside life at court: .
A very bold robbery took place In the great
like, as was his attitudo toward the Duo
du Maine, son of Louis XIV by his mis
tress Mme. Montespan, and also toward
that remarkable woman. Mme. de Maln
tenon. wife of Louis, still he does them
the justice of acknowledging their good
points and producing their great qualities.
His portraits are vivid and convincing.
Here for example is what he has to say
about the Dauphin Louis. 8on of Louis
XIV and the Infanta Maria Theresa,
called by his father "Monseigneur," a
name given to him in Jest but which in
time came to be his only name:
Monseigneur was tall rather than short, very
stout but not thickset; his air was proud and
lofty, but never harsh; and he would have had
a very agreeable face If the Prince de Contl
(the one who died last) had not broken his nose
by accident, when they were both children. In
playing. He was a very handsome blond, with
a ruddy skin and full cheeks, but with no coun
tenance whatever; the finest legs in the world,
the feet slender and singularly small. He tip
toed in walking, that is. he put his foot down
twice; he was always afraid of falling, and
called for help tf the path was not perfectly
straight and smooth. He looked very well on
horseback and had a noble mien,, but he was
not bold. Casau always rede before him in
hunting. If be 'lost sight of him he. thought
himself lost; would never ride beyond a slow
gallop, and would often wait under a tree to
see what became of the hunt, and then follow
elowly or else ¦ return home. He had always
been fond of eating, but never with Indecency;
after his great attack of indigestion, which was
thought to be apoplexy, he made but one real
meal a day. and restrained himself much—
although a great eater, like the rest of the
royal family. Nearly all his portraits resemble
him.
As for character, he had none; some sense,
but absolutely no mind; haughty and dignified
by nature, by deportment and by copying the
king; obstinate beyond nature, with a series of
regulated pettinesses that made the tissue. of
his life; gentle from laziness and a sort of stu
pidity; hard at bottom, with an external kind
ness shown chiefly to subalterns and valeta. and
only expressed In common ways.. With them
he was extremely familiar; insensible, how
ever, to the misery and sorrow of others, which
was, perhaps, mere the result of his careless
ness and Imitation than from hardness of na
ture; incredibly silent, consequently very secret,
so much so that people thought he had never
upoken of state affairs to the Choin— perhaps
because neither could understand them. Den
sity on the one hand, timidity on the other, put
a reserve into this Prince which has few ex
amples; at the same time he was vainglorious
to excess, which Is "an odd thing to say of a
Dauphin; very exacting of respect, and almost
solely solicitous and occupied about what was
due to him. He once said to Mile. Choin, who
spoke to him of his silence, that the words of
men In his position had great weight and com
pelled great reparations if they were not very
cautiously measured, and for that reason he
often preferred to keep silence rather than to
speak. Also, It was easier done for his laziness
and Indifference. This excellent maxim, which
be exaggerated in practice, was apparently one
of the lessons given him by the Kins or the
Due de Montausler which he had best retained.
His methodical arrangement of all his pri
vate affairs was extreme; be himself wrote
down all his items of expense. He knew what
the slightest thing cost him, ', though he spent
Immensely on buildings, fumltfcre. Jewels-of all
kinds, trips to Meudon. and his wolf-hunting
equipment, for be had made himself believe
that be liked to bunt. He was fond of all sorts
of heavy play, but after ho began to build ho
reduced himself to moderate stakes. In othor
respects, miserly beyond ail propriety, except on
very rare occasions, when be gave a few pen
sions to valeU and his lower servants ; but he
always rave alms to the vicar and -the capu
chins of Meudon.
This love for building seems to have
been an Inherited quality in "Monsdg
neur," for we find in his royal father the
came taste. In this connection Saint-
Simon has an interesting anecdote to tell
that brings out more than one point re
garding the character of Louis and of the
great Louvols as well:
The war of 1688 had an equally strange
origin, the narrative of which, alike authentic
and curious, serves so > well to characterize
both the King and Louvola that It ought to find
a place here. Louvols. on the death of Colbert,
took bis place as superintendent of buildings.
The little porcelain Trianon, built for Mme. de
Montespan, dissatisfied the King, who ' always
wanted palace*. He amused hlmaelf Immense
ly in building; be bad a compass In his eye
for proportions, accuracy and symmetry, but
taste waa lacking, aa we shall see tlse wher*.
The new chateau was going up when the Kins
observed a defect In a window which waa Just
being finished along a line of others on the
range of the ground floor. Louvols. who was
rude by nature and no spoilt that he would
scarcely allow bis master to find fault' with
him, disputed the matter stoutly and maintain
ed that the window was right. The King turn
ed his back upon him and walked off elsewhere.
Next day he taw Le Notre, . a ' good archi
tect, though more" famous for his taste In
gardens, which , he was the first to Introduce
Into France, bringing them to a state ¦ of tha
highest perfection. The King asked : him If
ha bad been to Trianon. He said no. The
King then explained what had struck his eye
and told him to so and look at that window.
Next day the same question, same answer;
and the day after, . the same. The King, saw
that . Le Notre would not risk finding either
himself or Louvols to blame. He waa angry,
and ordered him to be at Trianon the next
"day. when he should be there himself and
Louvols also. This time there was no means
of getting out. of it. The King found them
both at Trianon when he arrived there.'. The
question , of the window came up at once.
Louvois disputed the point; Le Notre said
New Edition of Delsarte.
The lfdgar S. Werner Publishing Com
pany of Now York has just Issued the
sixth edition of "Delsarte System of Ex
pression," by Genevleve Stebblns. Its 500
pages give Delsarte's address before the
Phllotcchnlc Society of Paris; the Del
sarte system arranged In lessons for class
or Individual use; the theory and practice
of the Delsarte system, pantomime, phya~
I leal culture, esthetic culture and statuo
posing, and thirty-two full-Dace illustra
tions of famous Greek statues.
Its author. Genevleve Stebblns. Is Steele
The Color of Eis Soul.
' "The Color cf His Soul," by Zoe Ander
son Norrls, is a scries of Bohemian
sketches held together by the thread of a
story. A large amount of small talk goes
to make .up the contents of the book that
Is fairly interesting,, but rather long
drawn out. The story is told by one of
the characters— a woman. The hei~o is a
man endowed with wonderful powers as
a lecturer and i3 particularly fascinating
to some women. He has a most remark
able pair of eyes that resemble, those of
u cat, and this peculiarity is being con
stantly Drought out during the course of
the narrative; also the tendency of the
youth to be a total disbeliever- In all
things regarding God or a future life.
Tho tale ends with a tragedy, the direct
renult of the selfishness of this soulless
young man. Funk & "Wagnalls. New
York,. tho publishers, have given the book
a very attractive appearance both inside
and -out. (Price $1.)
Y T is a pleasure to be? able to call
especial attention to so excellent a
scries of publications as that under-
JL taken by Hardy. Pratt & Co. of Bos-
ion. to which they give the namt of
"Versailles Historical Series." This
series, in "Le Ccur de France Edition,"
5s limited to 12iO copic-s. To date eight
volumes have appeared. The first three
contained the memoirs of .Madanie t'.e
Mottville and were reviewed at some
length in these columns upon their ap
pearance. They tell of that interesting
pcricd In French history when Louis XIII
and ,Anne of Austria sat upon the throne.
Now follow four volumes containing the
memoirs of the Due de Saint-Simon: and
also, very appropriately, another volume,
the eighth in the scries, in which is given
the correspondence at Madame Princess
Palatine, mother of the Regent; of Marie
Adelaide de Savoie. Duchesse of Bour
cogoe, and of Madame «le Maintenon, in
relation to Salnt-Cyr.
These five volumes are uniform in typo
graphy, illustration and binding with
those three books that contain the me
moirs of Madame de Mottville. Thia
series Is profusely illustrated by splendid
reproductions in color cf ancient por
traits; and for this, as well as for their
binding and printing, deserves the position
that the excellence of the matter con
tained should receive.
The memoirs of Saint-Simon as origin
ally written amounted to some twenty
volumes of good site. In this present
edition, translated by Katharine Pres
cott Wormeley, these twenty books have
been abridged to four. The work has
been more than well done, and as it now
6tands serves to give us a more lifelike
picture of the days of Louis XIV than
can be gathered from any other pen of
that time. In explaining the abridgment
the translator says: "The translation
Elves as follows: The outline of Saint-
Simon's career, a selection of such por
traits as may be read with interest by the
general reader, several of the great his
torical scenes, and something of the mere
court gossip and Intrigue. J The parts re
lating to the campaigns have been omit
ted."
These memoirs as they now stand can
rot fail to prove most interesting to all
students of history, dealing as they do
with that period of French history when
France was the most important and en
terprising nation of the world. Saint-
Simon is a great painter and brings the
people of his day before you so -clearly
that you seem to live with them and go
through all the happenings of those most
brilliant days of monarchlal France.
Every little point was caught and record
ed by this all-observant man, whose close
position to the throne rendered him such
goldf-n opportunities for observation and
news gathering. His little points of his
torical gossip are as entertaining as nc
-tion. and mere dry historical facts as
generally presented to the student pale
beside them. In speaking of the Czar,
Peter the Great, and his travels in 163S,
he says:
The Czar has already begun his travels. He
has. Justly, made 60 much noise in the world
that I thall be succinct about a prince so
treat and so well known and one who no doubt
will be bo to the latest posterity, for having
made himself alarming to all Europe and
roinsled necessarily in the affairs of this part
of the world, with a court which had never
hitherto been a court, -and a nation despised
and utterly disregarded for Its barbarism. This
prince had gone to Holland to learn for hlm
eelf and work with his own hands at the build
ing of chips. Although incognito, pursuing his
purpose, and not allowing his raak or his
grandeur to hamper him, be made everything
yield to him, but after his own fashion and
as be chose.
Ee was Inwardly displeased that England
did not hasten to 6end him an embassy when
be waa thus In ber close neighborhood, and all
the more because, without committing himself.
he waa very desirous of allying himself with
bar tor commerce. The embassy at last ar
rive*. At first he postponed giving It audi
ence; finally be named a day and hour, but
the place was on board a large Dutch vessel
which he wished to examine. TJiere were two
Ambassadors and they thought^fhe place bar
barons, but they had to accept It. Matters
were still worse when they got on board. The
Ocar sent them word he was In the maintop,
and It waa there be would receive them. The
ESxbassadors, whoee sea. less were not suf
ficiently steady to risk the shrouds, excused
Jheaaelvea; the Czar insisted and the Ein
busadora were much disturbed by so strange
and obstinate a proposal. At last, after a
tew routrh anrwers to their next message, they
felt tiey must needs attempt the horrid ladder
up tbey went. In that narrow space and
•winging In mlfiair the Czar received them
with as much majesty as If he were sitting
on hU throne. He listened to their harangue
and answered obligingly to the King and the
BAttoa; then he Joked at the fear he saw de
pleted on the Bmbasaadors* faces and laugh
lnrty let them feel It waa a punishment for
baring come to him too late.
Balct-Elmon was an Indefatigable
worker on his memoirs. He did not wait
until time had taken events and conver
sations out of his memory or colored and
distorted them; on the contrary, he wrote
each day. He began his writing at the
«aj-]y •.£-« of 19 and continued It without
Intermission for slxtr years. He probably
Inherited hi* taste from his father, who
was *n old man at the time of the birth of
Saint-Simon, and who enjoyed nothing
better than relating the anecdotes of his
youth, when he had been a favorite of the
King. Louis XIIL Coupled with this In
herited talent Is the even more Important
one of troth telling; for even if Salnt-
Etmoa feels for a person a personal dis-
Ccrp'lJC^d by
cott. In this bcok are civen poems of
many di£ferent*\iews of life; some medi
tative, religions and reform poems, some
to nature arnt some sentimental. There
are several longer stories in verse. The
first pcemi "Visions of Life," give us pic
tures of life from infancy to the sunset
of life, when . the angel' of death • ap
proaches. There are many poems to
please the home iover. Price $1 25.
Doubleday, Page & Co. are shortly
to publish a portfolio of "Nature Port
raits," intended to sho%v the fascination
of real wild life and the latest achieve
ments of nature photography. The pict
ures include live birds^ animals, fishes and
insects, and are the, best work of such
men as A. Radclyffe Dugmore. W. E.
Carlin. A. G. W'allihan, Herbert K. Job
and L. W. Brownell. Many cf tlie camera
rhots are reproduced in photogravure and
artists' proof on Japan tissue— several in
natural colors — and. it is expected, noth
ing like^ them have ever been published
in so attractive a form. Forty-eight large
pages of text will be by. tho editor of
Country Life In America.
Professor C. Oaborne Ward, one of the
most eminent scholars in America, died
at Yuma, Ariz., on Thursday after a
lingering Illness. Professor Ward, who
had been translator for the Federal
Bureau of Labor for twenty years, spent
thirty-eight years in writing a history of
the common people from the earliest his
toric to Constantlre. In 1SSS he Wfts
associated with the eminent Charles
Darwin and at that early period he had
gone well along In his life work.
Being a great linguist and historian,
Mr. Ward searched the world's libraries
in quest of information for his great his
tory. He traveled fiftv thousand miles,
haunted Babylonia and Greece, mastered
ethnology and archaeology and ran down
every known clew to unlock the secrets
of the past.
Colonel Carroll D. Wright, United
States Commissioner of Labor, considered
Mr. Ward the greatest authority In the
world on the subject of ancient socialism
and the Industrial teachings of Christ.
The last work that Mr. Ward did was
the dictation of a great deal of matter
and the careful writing of many notes,
even in his feeble condition, for the use
of his literary executor, Leigh H. Irvine,
who recently returned from the bedside
of the aged sufferer.
Mr. Irvine will paraphrase and abridge
much of the work of his eminent friend
and a volume embracing the gist of the
life work of Ward wllL appear in about a
year In a volume outlined by him in his
dying hours.
Russia is scarcely a good country to be
famous in. Besides Tolstoi there is an
other eminent writer who has fallen un
der the Government's displeasure, and
has reason to know it. Thla is Maximo
Gorky, like the Count, a novelist and also
a dramatist, with an objectionable ten
dency to x search the barbarous survivals
of Russian life "for secrets better bid."
His movements are subjected to so much
scrutiny that he has had to obtain Gov
ernment authorization to winter In Cri
mea. It is granted on condition that he
goes nowhere near Yalta. At Moscow,
through which city his route lay to the
south, some hundreds of people, not hav
ing the official proprieties before laelr
eyes, had organized a little platform re
ception and demonstration of sympathy.
But they know how to manage these
things in the Russian prefectures. The
demonstrators were allowed to organize
their little party and to assemble on the
platform in gleeful anticipation. But the
express was pulled up just outside the
city,*" Gorky was ordered out, transferred
to the guard's van of a goods' train, un
der strict orders not to show himself, and
In this way was whisked through Moscow
under the very eyes of his friends, with
out their ever suspecting^his presence.
The last book of his' stories is an
nounced under the title "Twenty-six and
One." This volume will contain a preface
by Ivan Strannik, giving a brief account
of Gorky, and will be followed by three
examples of his best work-^-'Twenty-alx
and One," ; 'Malva." "Tchelkache." It
Is to be published by J. F. Taylor & Co.
contains some "Useful Hints, Sugges
tions and. Opinions on Training and Con
ditioning," compiled from various sources.
Yet another part,' and one of great prac
tical value to the horseman, Is one tell
ing, "What- to Do Eefore the Veterinary
Surgeon Comes," by Geoise Fleming, F.
It. C. V. S. The last section gives some
useful tables of pedigrees of famous
horses. A chapter of the book that gives
the rules for track-laying will be found
to answer many queries that arise on
that subject. The price of the book is 75
cents.
was all he could do to. lift it from the , tabl<\
From that moment the King said no more] about
it, and no one elEe dared to say anything, at
any rate, out loud, and the rest of the supper
passed as if it had never happened. Nothing
was discovered about this theft, nor about the
bold manner of restitution. •
Every page of the f-aint-Simon memoirs
as they now stand in their abridged form
is of Interest. These four volumes give
us the best cf the twenty, that '.went to
make up the original writing and ' un
doubtedly, will i e read and enjoyed where
the original would .have been considered
too great a task to be undertaken.
Volume eight of the Versailles series
is quite a necessary adjunct to the me
moirs. From Samt;Sirnon we have heard
so much of "Madame," as she, is called,
the sister-in-law of Louis XIW and of
Marie Adelaide de Savoie, .Duchesse de
Bourgcgrne, and" also of Madame de Main
tenon, that it seems cuitc necessary that
we should read thoir correspondence and
form our own opinions of them through
their letters. The correspondence . of
Madame de Malntenon s in relation to
Eaint-Cyr, th* Bchool for needy but v/ell
born youns women that che founded, and
is not so interesting as that of the frank
"Madame." From Saint-Simon we get
enough, however, to. realize that Madame
de Malntenon was the most important
stables at Versailles during the ntght of the
3d and 4th of June. The Kins was at Ver
sailles and all the hammer-cloths and caparl
pons were carried off. to the value of one*
hundred and fifty thousand franca. The
thieves' measures were so well taken that not
a person perceived anything in a building fully
inhabited, and in that very short night" all
was carried off and no news obtained of it.
Forces were sent alonsr the road3 and Paris
and Versailles' were searched, quite usele sly.
And this reminds me qf another robbery, which
happened just before the time I. beijan these
/nemoirs. The grand anartment. that is to
say, from the gallery to the chapel, was.fur
nished in crimson velvet with gold simps and
fringes. One fine morning it was found that the
latter were all cut off. This seemed amazing in
a place where persons were passins all day
long, which was closed at night and watched at'
at: hours. Bontems, in despair, made ami
caused to be made every possible Inquiry, but
all without the slightest success.' Five or six.
days later I was at the King^s supper: there
was no one but Daqutn, the King's physician,
between me and the King, and no one at all
between me and th» table. As the entremets
were being served I saw, I can't say what, that
was big and as if black in the air above th"e
table, \ which I had no time to discern or
point out before the big thing fell on the end
of. the table Jn front of the places of Monsieur
and Madame, who happened that day to be In
Parla, but always sat at table on the left of
THE SUNDAY CALL.
BOOK REVIEWS
AND LITERARY CHAT
5
!WiII be repaid lor send- fi g
teg lor our illustrated W
I catalogue ol original __ si
EASTERII
2nd books, newly it- . js
signed and published Ka
(or this season by—. g«
ELDER and SHEPAW) m
238 Post Street *?&
\ San Fr&ncisco \3f&r
? NOW ISSUED. ?
Charles Wimn Staddapd's
11 In the Footprints
of jhf Padres."
Mr. Stoddard sets forth in this
work his recollections of early
days in California. Beautifully
illustrated. Book collectors
should place orders at once in or-
der to secure copies of first edi-
tion. •
PRICE «T50 NET.
A. M. ROBERTSON,
Publisher. 26 Poat Stmt.
o ¦ — ofireside-, happiness was when your feet
were on the fender. During his late
years one of his friends coming in found
him In a dejected state of mind and asked
"What -is the matter, my friend?" Mr.
Holmes looked up with a look of sorrow
and Bald: "Don't you see? There are only
two feet on the fender now." •The sa
credness and happiness of the marriage
relation is here so touchingly expressed.
What pathos of the aftertime when hus
band or wife is left alone, the one haying
gone away to return no more to hia, or
her, earthly home. The thought may well
startle us. How much may be unheed
lngly done by ourselves to destroy our
home Joy. How easy for one to con
jure up his dislikes and keep addintr
fuel to his preiudices and animosities
until his home becomes unbearable.
"I have somewhere read." says Key.
Mr. Wise, in his "Bridal Greetings."
"of a bridesrroom who srloxled in his
eccentricities. He requested the bride
to accompany him, to the garden a day or
twoX after their wedding. He drew a line
over the roof of their cottage. Giving his
wife one end of it. m» retreated to the
other side and exclaimed 'Pull the line!'
She pulled at his request as far as she
could. H\ cried_ 'Pull it overt* "I can't,'
ehe. replied. 'But pull with all your
might!' shouted the whimsical husband.
"But In vain were all the efforts of the
bride to pull over the line so long as her
husband held the opposite end. But when
he came : around and they pulled at the
same end, it came over with great ease.
"•There,' said he, as the line fell from
the roof, "you see how hard and Ineffec
tual was our labor when we pulled in op
position'to '„ one another, but hov easy
andipleasant it was when. we both pulled
together. It will be so.: .with us thrcueh
life.' "-' •
. There Is sound philosophy in this crude
illustration. . for .without mutual bearing
and forbearing on the part of - husband
and wife a • happy borne Is out of the
question.
¦> Every husband 1 should' realize that
one i alone cannot make . home haim^-
There needs to be unison/ of action sweet
ness of spirit and great forbearance and
love in both husband and wire to secure
the great end of happiness In the domes
tic circle. , uomes-
Home Is no unmixed paradise at
sweets; the elements of peace and tru«
happiness are there, and bo, too are^i,
elements of % oi«»rd, and misery;
• ¦•-¦- -¦;¦¦¦ '•-, .
to »ee a few things. Referring to our
laws he said there were too many crooks
and turns '. In ; them.' ; Is ' his '¦ country - If ' a
man stole, off went his head; If he com
mitted murder, ; off went \i» head; ' If ' he
v • . - ' '
very name of 'club' and is Jealous of each
a; rival with a righteous Jealousy. She
has a richt as a. true,, loving 'wife to her
husband's evening hours, and the children -T
have a right to their father's sympathetic >
¦• ¦ ¦ . . . .:.:¦ \ :
the burden of cruel todiff erax* of her
husband, v
Many a man offers as his fliroay excuse
tor hU proferenoe • of the ' clubroom and
society .'of others: bmaide hta home,: the
In speakiner of these clubhouses
one savs that they are the rival and
often the fatal antagonist of a man's
home. "Every . sensible - wife hates the
Every man's home demands his own
loving attention and interest.'' No amount
of money or luxuriant furniture caif* sub
stitute for. thesv. When the father Is un
necessarify absent from the home the
electric ' current of the family circle is
broken. Where should a father desire
more to be than at his own fireside? By
his showing that he had rather.be there
than anywhere else in the world he does
more toward the good cheer and happiness
of his home and more toward binding and
making Inviolate the family tie than In
any other ,way. . .
house— making them their constant even
ing resort until late hours of the night.
Here wine, cigars, cards, etc., are as a
rule the inost prominent attractions.
It isn't so bad for those unfortunates
who have no home or household, but for
a man of family it is a shame and inex
cusable.
Think of husbands and fathers for
saking their homes, leaving wife and
children, for the associations of a club-
What an enemy to the home is the
clubhouse! It is a very popular yet a
very dangerous Institution. Men are eub~
stituting these clubhouses for their
homes when their day's work is done.
If a man would have a good and hap
py home he must help to make lt A man
must set himself resolutely against any
thing which is an enemy to a pure and
happy home.
A*wif e would be heartless indeed to
be unaffected by such a erentle evi-.
dence of a devoted and manly love.
It would certainlv be looked upon
by many a erood "wife as a eenuine
manifestation of affection on the part of
her husband should he some night sacri
fice his precious self by staying home
with her in place of going to the club.
Here at a warm, cheerful fireside
is where a man should spend as many
of his evenings as possible. \
live ii* an atmosphrre of excitement
and bake their daily bread In a pretty
hot oven. They need the cooling down
which a quiet home can give; and there
is the place to spend not only time, but
a good portion of honest gains. To every
man of business I would say, 'Make your
home attractive in every way possible.' "
"We hear and read a s-ood deal about
the model wife and mother. We need
to hear much mere about the mode! hus
band and father. *
But few men appreciate the re
sponsibilitv thev assume when they
take a young wife away from the shelter
of mother love and father love ("the
vrarroest, softest human nest in this
world" (says Dr. Cuyler) and take her to
a new home, where their love is to be
theJr only shelter.
Whatever else a man mav be. if he
is not g-ood. true, brave, sober, man
ly, he Is not fit nor worthy to take a pure,
gentle woman's life into his own Iceep-
The duty of the husband is to show
affection toward his wife and chil
dren. I
Where this affection exists it will
be cenuineiv manifested.
"Husbands, levs your wives." Why
thould any man ever think of marrying
if he cannot genuinely love his wife?
Plenty men do, I know. They marry for
convenience (as a rule such, marriages
prove very inconvenient things), or for
respectability's sake, to please their
friends, or to spite their relatives. Some
men marry simrjly because they can, oth
ers marry to break their loneliness. Such
are not disappointed, because they find
everything but loneliness
The sum of the husband's dutv is
love, and this will reerulate all other
duties.
The obligation of affection is not
all on the side of the -wife. Byron is
right, I believe, when he* says: "Man's
fl love Is of. man's life a thing apart, 'Tis
woman's whole existence."
It may be that man cannot show
such affection as woman, but every
husband is bound* to highly esteem his
wife.
The husband expects as a matter
of course that his wife be a perpetual
sunbeam In the home. That Is right, but
the wife has the same right ' to expect
of her husband better things than a
thunder cloud of 111 nature and boorish- -
ness or a hailstorm of fault-finding.
If the familv circle is to become a
tranauil and cherished haven of rest,
the husband must not simplv assume
that his affection is recognized, as a mat
ter of course, but he must manifest his
love in some visible form in the home.
Everv husband likes a cheerful at-V
mosphere in his borne life, but many do
almost nothing toward creating such an
atmosphere— they leave that solely to
their wives, some of whom have a big
contract on their hands. Imagine such
a wife trying: to maintain a calm and
charminerlv sweet demeanor while her
husband is sullen and fault finding.
"The husband and wife are each the
complement of the other." says the
Leader, "and it is as mucn his duty to be
cheerful as it is hers to be patient; his
right to bring joy into the door as lt is
her right to sweep and garnish the pleas
ant interior."
A sunshiny husband makes a beau
tiful home, a cheerful wife and glad
children. His dally walk makes the home
life a festival and crowns the home with
heavenly benediction.
Much depends upon jrettine a cheer
ful start in the mornine. The man
who leaves his home with a scowl on his
brow, a snap at b5s children and a bark
at his wife. Instead , of a kiss, will be
mighty poor company for any one during
the day, and lt Is more than likely that
be will return home with a temper of a
porcupine.
There is nothing a ™»n needs more
than a happv home. His nature and''
safety demand it. Yet the ciatm^ 0I
home and household are not felt by busi
ness men as they should be.
Dr. Cuyler says: "Many of them \
>— y RANTING that the home and lam-
I / ily is the first institution and that
I Ay it lies at the basis of all that is
VLJ*. good in society and permanent gov-
V^ eminent, wt may ask what part
the husband and father is to bear in
making a real home.
The first secret of a happy home life
lift- with the parents; if they are all they
ought to be the safety of the, home and
the country is guaranteed. i3ut ir parents
are not congenial spirits or If they allow
their coarse nature to piay the tyrant
tnd rudeness and selfishness to pervade
the atmosphere of the home. Siien will
home lose its attractiveness and become
a curse instead of a blessing %to the
country.
There is no graver responsibility resting
upon any one than that «vnlch rests upon
parents. It is no favorable omen when
parents feel but lightly the responsibility.
It is indeed appalling, the sad condition of
things existing to-day. True love and
natural regard seem to be seriously lack
ing with many husbands and wives. The
manner in which they treat each other
would lead us to think there never was
any union of hearts with them. They soon
forget the marriage vows they mutually"
took upon themselves, spend their
lives in bitterness and sorrow until the
deplorable divorce mill relieves them. The
present status of divorce law in this
country is a curse to the marriage rela
tion and is destructive of all that is most
sarred to the home.
Think of s calling- that place home
¦where for two years the piano has been
kept shut because of trouble between the
parents, who are net on speaking terms.
Such a home is worse than prison. It
would require much of the grace of God
to abide within its walls.
Such parents €re criminally gxiilty be
fore God cf treachery against high
heaven.
It :s the husbeud's and father's part
in solving this problem we shall consider
in this talk.
The words of the great apost'e of God
in his epistle to the Colossians, "Hus
bands, love your wives, and be not bitter
egrainrt tbem." could with equal force and
appropriateness be addressed to the bene
dicts of this age.
Then there is a little exhortation in the
apostle's letter to the Ephesians that
v-ould not come amiss in our day: "And,
ye fathers, provoke not your children to
wrath; but bring them up in the nurture
and admonition of the Lord."
The husband has his part in mak
ire a happv hone. Much of the dam
age to the home life comes through the
husband and father, if he is not in every
sense a man.
The Second of
a Series of Pla n
Sermons to Plain
Folks on "Home
Life and Its Influ=
ences."
fact that he was so terribly - deceived in
his marriage, the woman he took for wife
being so- uncongenial; He argues that
there was no real marriage because of
their, great incompatibility. 'He says he
played the fool when he got married and
now he must make the best.of lt. Talk
Jabout playing the fool. I wonder if the
unfortunate, wife of such a pigmy
of a fellow didn't play the big-
ger fool . of the two. Talk about
being; deceived! Who was more de-
ceived than, the wife of such an apology
for a- man?,'There:was a time when the
same, man'thought and believed that the
sun rose and set ia that same woman. 1 He
felt'she was all the world to him.' But
now he-does, not see in her the beauty
,and light given the farthest star and his.
world is now in the clubroom and in the^
society of others.-He goes about to make .
the best of the situation, so he thinks,
He goes off Into dreamland and there \
passes before his vision other women
younger than-his wife and more fair and
who are more congenial. Ho begins to
encourage a desire for their .company
and the divorce .mill does the balance.
The loose manner in which the domestlo
relations,are treated is an abomination
in the;sight of God. The fact that In
twenty years, from 1867 to 18S8, there were
granted in the United-States 323,716 dl-
vorces is sufficient evidencei of-the great
danger threatening our soclkl fabric. -
Dean Stanley brought bac£ with him a
native of Africa who vu bein* educated
in this country. I had the prlvllem of
hearing him lecture on his natlre '-ill
He had been In tma counter Ion* enoujrb
was married and ran after other women,
off went his head. The lecturer then In
terjected these words, "If you had that
kind of law in this country how fast you
fellows' heads would go' off."
" Uniform legislation which would make
it difficult to secure a legal separation is
very much needed to curb the evil pro
pensities of the kind of a man I have In
mind. $
Another way of lessening this terrible
evil is greater prudence at the marriage
threshold.
When a true man does abide in his
home he isn't mean and little enough to
be always taking advantageof the Scrip
ture reference to the wife's obedience and
subjection to her husband. Why is it that
some men are so little that they must
keep harping on man's superiority over
the woman. Such a man is ignorant of
the true import of God's words. He is
a coward and unworthy the name , of a
man. Such a man looks upon his wife as
his inferior, and such a spirit is repulsive
to a noble woman. I can't understand
God's word that way. but In this way:
««a virtuous woman Is a crown to her
husband," and "the heart of her husband
doth safely trust In her," "Her husband
u known in the gates, when he sltteth
among the elders of the land," "Her chll
aren arise up and call her. blessed."
\rre hear so much about two shall
become on© by the marriasre tie. but
the ereat question with many mar
ried couples is. Which shall bo the
©»•? ¦**& mo«t ©f the ***** lM consumed
In trytn* to settle that question. The late
OUts* Wendell Holme*' Idea of perfect
But there are so many men who are
going through life on their wife's piety,
and they are counting on getting to
heaven on. that score, but they will be
scored out. Many men are too busy to
be good.
What's better than a pious home? How
can we I»ave it without a godly father?
4 . Tw ° ut *le children -were playing "hide
tne handkerchief." One of them went to
put it under the cushion of a large chair
when the other said, "Please don't hide
It there; that's father's kneeling-place."
That father had so ordered his life be
fore his household that there were ten
der and holy memories associated in the
minds of his children with various scots
about the old homestead.
.Let «he husband lead the way in set
ting up a family altar in the home around
which all may gather, reading of clod's
word, prayer to God and praise and
thanksgiving for his merciful goodness..
Let the spirit of thanksgiving to God be 1
shown as the family gathers about the
festive board. Every father should be
the priest unto God in his own home.
"To Adam," says Dr. H. Ware. "Para
dise, was home. To the good among his
descendants, borne Is Paradise." There
is a great need of godliness on the par*
of many a husband and father that h«
may be able to do his full share in mak-
h w me _Ji- paradise - lt be wUl unite
72 ,M S *^ e \ n eatbronlng the spirit of
the divine Master in their hearts and over
their household, and in barring out the
enemies that threaten the peace and pur
ity of the home, then will- their ~home life
be a^ fragrant as a rose, as sweet as a
s ?, n ?J. *? . holy P a sacrament and posses*
j! 1 3 em bodied In the world "para-
Si « .i 9 own , hous e will be a .church,
his fireside an altar, and his home will b*
hut a prelude to the great family circl*
or the redeemed in heaven.
The wife finds It hard to walk alone In
the heavenly way. While she would *uide
the feet of the children In the heavtnly
way, her husband's life Influences the
other way. There" is many a husband
who seems pleased to know that hi« wife
is a Cnristian, and yet he keeps himself
aloof front the church. How much more
blessed and easier when husband and
wife Journey together in the heavenly
How can there be a perfect union of
hearts and lives under such circum
stances? -
Soon separation will come and then th«
kind words which .should have been
spoken will all be pun on the cold tomb
stone. But a kind worn lasts longer and
speaks louder than a marble slab.
To make a .real happy home the
husband and father must not only
be true, brave, generous, manlv^ h«
must be a man of pure, blameless
life, whose name is an honor and
pride in the home.
No man who has not given himself to
the good Lord and is obediently follow
ing in his footsteps can do bis full duty
toward making an Ideal home.
Has a father any right before God and
the world to expect or require of his wlf •
or children more In the way of righteous
living than he himself practices?
This applies to a man' 3 entire Ufa. N©
man who comes home drunk, how
ever rarely, is doing his share In making
happiness for his wife and family. H«
must be a sober man.
Mrs. Marie Hilton, founder of t«e
Creche in England, after twenty-two
years* experience in work for the chil
dren of the poor, says that drink is the
prime factor in destroying even the sem
blance of comfort in their homes.
Children will not honor the -father who
by his own life contradicts his precepts.
A godly life will count with the children.
The father is a looking-glass by which
the child often dresseth himself.
We need more Christian husbands.
In many homes while the wife and
mother lives in God's sunlight In the up
per story of a good conscience, her fcus
band is wholly a man of the world liv
ing In the basement of sin and aelflsh-
Now, it is not necessary to wear one's
heart on their sleeve, neither is it neces
sary to practice reserve and withhold
from our very own the tenderness which
we feel for them with every heart-throb.
To do so is wrong, and robs both our dear
ones and ourselves of a happiness -which
should be realized now.
The woman opened her half-closed eyes
and a slight flush crept over her withered
cheek. "Did you say that, Joe? Then
I'll live," and with a happy sigh she fell
into a sleep which was the beginning of
recovery.
Love may be marred by a disagreeable
temper. It is possible for a man to be un
generous and cruel in his home, because
those among whom be associates in the
world stir up his anger. A man Is a cow
aru who dots It. But the character
Charles Dickens portrays under the name
of Mr. Quilp in vibe Old Curiosity
Shop" is not altogether a fictitious one."
for there are many Mr. Quilps now living.
What a savage and liendistt brute for a
husband was that Mr. Quilp, with his
cold, repulsive silence one minute and his
stinging words of Bharp and angry re
proof the next. It makes one creep to
think of his irritating actions and willful
and tantalizing conduct.
He studied now to inflict the. keenest
torture on the loving ana submissive Mrs.
Quilp. Sucii a character is repulsive. And
yet how many husbands show the same
tender and considerate regard for their
wife as life advances and cares multiply
as when they stood by her side at the
altar, a lovely, confiding bride? Men be
come careless and thoughtless on these
things.
Before marriage men are very careful
and stuuious in cultivating a young
woman's affections, but with many a.i
that ceases with their wedding feast.
Every true wife needs, craves for
and genuinely appreciates the affec
tion of her husband, and "a hus
band's unkindness." cne has said. *'is
a dry sorrow -fcnat, drinks her hearts
blood." She can bear social neglect,
adversity or airvjst any ocner tninff
but her husbands neeiect- Her se
verest and moat cruel wounds are those
Inflicted by the hands that ought to clasp
her own most closely.
A physician recently related to us an
incident which came under his own ob
servation. He was counting the flagging
pulse of a very sick woman, who seemed
to have no desire to prolong her-life of
semi-starvation in heart and body, when
her husband, a morose, hard-visaged
man, drew near, the bed and with a dry
sob in his voice said, "Save her, doctor. I
eouldn't live without her."
Not only will a true husband's affection
be genuinely manifested by a devoted
and manly love, but it will be free from
harshness. "And be not bitter against
them."
Another adopted the rule of allowing
fifteen minutes to pass before replying to
an irritating sentence.
Persistent, devoted, unselfish, for
bearinff. all-conquerinsr love will
drive out ail the little viuers of con
iueral quarrels that creep into the
home nest and destroy domestic hap
piness.
It is said that Philip Henry and bis
wife adopted a ruie that only one of them
would get angry at the same time.
Charles Klngsley tells a true story oi
two hermit monks who had lived together
in closest frVendship for years, with no
thought k of envy or selfish rivalry in the
mind of either. At last it occurred u>
them to. try the experiment of a quarrel
after the common fashion of the world.
"How can we quarrel?" asked one. "Oh,"
said the other, "we can take this brick
and put it between us and each can claim
it. Then we'll quarrel over it." And that
plan was agreed on. "This brick is
mine," said the one; "I hope it is mine,"
said the other gently. "Well, if It la
yours, take it," said the other, who could
never hear his companion express a wish
for anything without having 3 desire to
get it for him. So the quarrel 'failed
through the unselfishness of both.
Now if a man finds that when he took
to himself a wife he took a cross, let him
bear his cross like a man. If this were
more binding on him by the laws of the
land, man would be more discreet about
binding such mamage chains which press
bo painfully.
The story is told of an old itinerant
preacher who preached in a rural place
on taking up our crosa. On his way
x home he met an old .man trudging along
with his wife on his' back. The paraon
Inquiring as to the meaning of all tuis
was informed by the old cross-bearer that
he was carrying out the thought of the
sermon and bearing his cross, his wife
being his heaviest cross.
needs only the bitter spirit of the world
without to make It a pandemonium, or
the loving genius of harmony make it the
prompter of affectionate impulse. Pure
domestic love is unselfish and seeketh not
her own, is not easily provoked, beareth
all things, endureth all things, hopeth all
things. 1"'
A husband with the spirit of sweet un
selfishness and of self-renunciation for
others will make home a gracious bene
diction.
attentions: if, the club robs them, it is
the evening.' of their home." •
Many a pure-hearted and noble-minded
wife has had the, very-life crushed out of
"her, through; the cruel treatment of the
man who tpok her from her father's home
and promised to make another home for
her, who instead now. leaves her to her
self the ; evening while he smokes
and drinks and plays cards like a gen
tleman (?) at the, clubroom. How mag
nanimous Is such a ; fellow! He needs a
club of another kind! It will do him more
f good. How inconsiderate and > indifferent
. now to what he used to be to the comfort
and good cheer of her whom he now calls
wife. Such a fellow is undermining the
"foundation of his /own best good; be Is
destroying > the life of his wife, he is
blastlng-the hopes of his children and aid
ing In shattering . the home Institution
which is the guarantee of all that is good
in the nation. - The wife and mother infl
such a Tiome has frequently startled the
community by taking her life and the life
of her children. I She could no longer bear .
¦¦.¦-.. . ¦ ¦ ¦• ¦.¦¦¦Ti'vsasiiaffi
By REV. FRANK **KBAKEB
THE Sl/NTD^Y CALL.
6TliE bU>sDAY CALL.8
THE SLTNDA.YJ CALL.no_textA tit Jacket is made in exactly nix
pieces, the back, two fronts and two
sleeves. That sounds most terribly sim
ple and homely, but the reality 1j« quite
different. In the 'first place the fronts
nre cut on the Man and the fullncsa is
cut. not rewed In. The neck is hish In
back, but In nllghtly low In front. I* cited
pink chlffun la put on In pcrfoct billuws,
It has the luster of peau de sole. .-. i«
admirably suited for entire frocks anJ
equally so for any kind of a home walsf.
The names that go with the materials
are numerous this year. For Instance,
who knows what a peau levanta 1«7
Probably not one out of 100 people. Just
to ease public curiosity, which I know
full well abounds, I'll tell you that It U
a something between a groe grain and a
taffeta, but heavier and more'eilky than
either. The grain Is mere prominent and
Taffeta Is light and delightfully cool. In
fact that ceems to be th«» trouble with It
for winter wear. It Is crisp and has
fiiethlnif to it that only taffeta and a
Marched material has. Gray 13 a color
that not only wears well, looks cool and
refreshing.- but. the very Quietness of It
makes it look homelike. A eacque of a
poarl gray Is always an addition to one's
wardrobe. A neat' way to fashion It Is.
perhaps, a little old, but # lt Is quite as
pretty as any of the newer .ones. The
back Is tight fitting, while the front is
loose. A large collar of the silk, gener
our-r ecalloped and rather like a sailor
collar, adds materially to .it A three-
Inch Valenciennes lace all about the scal
lops and that forms a cascade down the
, front, and which extends all about the
pacque. takes away the plain effect and
eucceeds admirably in dressing it up more
than a little. It la the simplest one of the
entire lot but by no means the most
ordinary looking.
Peau de nole la nnoth*>r favorite for
afternoon wear. Th« silk If aoft. and
while It does not dins clonely. It stnvs
where Jt In pieced. An exquisite jacket
1b mnde of a delicate n1nk. The cut Is
Klmnllrlty 1t*elf, but the swell offset
crmM tn from the combination of colors.
Then* are rown upon rowa of ecru inser*
tlon put on perfectly pj a ; ni j^ 8 pari
t1r> «f fullness H It, excepting the lace,
which runn down the front and all about
tho fkirt effect. The lace looks like a
myriad of rmall tabu chasing themflelvea
up and flown. Th» neck In round and the
Inrr makes It dppirable for a person who
Is not blessed with a plump throat The
piepve*. as u«ual. are elbow and are made
*rm#what after the fashion of the klm
nr.n.
But the prettiest one Is made- of pale
blue erepo do chine. The entire garment
li* eceordloncd and falls In careless fold".
The crepe 1" fastened on a tiny yoke that
hnlri* It in place. It falln Just below the
wnl»t. where It end* In n billow of Inner
tlon, crepe and point de Venice lace. The
Klrrvrn arc tnndo in exactly the same way
rir.d the unmp Idm of fullnois !« carried
out. A mllnr nf plain crepe strapped with
ln*»rilon nnd cdtrnd with the lnce runs
nbnut the tlirnnt and mnkr.s n V in front,
where n fluffy bnw of blue, hold* Ihn mat
inee toReiher. It Is Junt the most fem
inine, jrlrlUh thing imaRlnabK
has u band of point de Venlse lace run
ning about the bottom. The back re
minds one of a ladder. There are round?
and rounds of insertion and Just a few
scattering tucks here and there. . One
hand forms a yoke and it is met in back
¦nd front by a tucked cap that falls over
tho rlbow sleeves. The effect is what
the girls call "sweet." and really no other
word seems to describe It quite as well.
The lace, by the way, is always ecru.
White seems to be under a ban. wh:le
cream and the darker colors are flourish
ing.
< i Af : ; f
WhaV
1902
i
32.
FCr*
CorpFcr-i
and
• ?°*
There are all kinds of new materials
that fculkc not only dainty negligees, but
BPSViri :iblo ones as well. A Met mesh la
rjtf < f the most popular materials and
ih?rc ceriuinly !s nothing prettier. It
lock!' vt-ry like a poplin, only it is softer
unJ hits, if Berthing, more of a luster.
A .s:r..irt r.ntiree fs made of that ma
tor:-! !n pa> ulr.k. Tie front Is full and
The only trouble is that these lovely
things cop:, and the worst part of it is
lhai you simply cannot make one at home
and have it look anything like those that
yo'J car, buy. There seems to be a kin*
that drflcs imitation.
There used to be a time, but it is way
Vatk in the dim past, when a loose wrap
per or a eaeque was considered awfully
! aid form out of one's room, but now you
may run all about the house with perfect
freedom and not be in constant terror of
:r:<etir.g some one and feeling ihat you
lock like a scarecrow. In fact the ma
jority of people slip Into them as soon
.is they reach home after any kind of an
outirr- It means a great deal to almost
< verybody to ! be comfortable and still
lock charming.
*% y EGLIGEES! What woman does
f\\ not adore them? What woman
I \ does not feel that sne loolcs her
V *¦ very best in a dainty soft dressing
* sacque with a swell petticoat and
a swp.gger pair of slippers?
For they all go together, you know;
one is not complete without the other.
, The girl thfct fails to have one matinee,
I at least, must have something radically
wrong with her. They are as essential
to the welfare and happiness of ordinary
mortals as a swell-looking outing suit is.
THE LATEST CHARMING CREATIONS IN MEGLIGEES
Dainty
Sriadgs
Pastors
- to :
Ptease
My
Uadij*a
¦
eye-
chine. It has a very, full vest and sleeves
of Chantilly lacp. The crepe, which falls In
cascades over the vest, is daintily hem
stitched and ro are the pieces which form
the old-time Roman sleeves. It differs
decidedly in more ways than one from
the usual sucquc, hi.it the most noticeable
of all is the hish cellar, which reaches al
most to the ears. V.'hile it is of the soft
lace it Is slightly boned to hold It- in
place. Instead of tha finishing lace thers
are three tucks in tho crepe that agaio
add to its originality.
An individual style, to which the laws
of fashion even are second, gives to a
woman a certain air of distinction which
is very desirable. That every one knows.
To be more definite, tho wearing of
one's clothea means the proper putting on
cf one's clothea. This In itself may not
fceem much of a point to make, but it Is
exactly these trifles that make or mar a
wcEcan'a appearance. There are some
peopie, but they • are .very few and far
between, that these sacques are not /be
coming to. And becomingnes9 should be
considered with comfort. When a short
jacket makes a girl look short and
du.ir.py she should cast it aside and get
a wrapper. There are all sorts and con
ditions of them— wrappers, tea gowns.
kimonos, but'* robes, lounging robes and
a host of c»ier names that mean prac
tically the same thins.
Kimonos, are made of flowered silk this
year; in the green and reds, violets,
biowns and greens and in all the lighter
shades. They are, as usual, long and full
and with the same fold of one solia color '
running about the throat and down to
the feet. But the sleeves are different.
untH the question arises in one's mind
which fold will get there first. A piece
of chiffon comes Just under the armpit
and crosses to the front, where it meets
the other side and ends in a fluffy ro
sette.
Tim frilllest and, in fact, the most ex
pensive of all Is made of gray crepe do
The Jackets may be as dressy or as
simple as one's fancy, dictates, but the
leally elaborate ones cannot boast of
more daintiness nor of more durability
than the plainer rncs.
They are tucked from the shouldera al
most to the elbow and are not nearly as
full as the Japanese make them. That in
Itself is a great recommendation to many
people, as the sleeve Is many time* de
cidedly in the way.
i For a • more fasttdlqus woman there is
a smart gown of white epangle. It is
very long and very dinging and likewise
very picturesque. Tabs extend over the
shoulders and half way to the waist, but
that is the only trimming save some
point de Venlse lace and some black and
white insertion.. There are six square*
that run down the front, and between
each one there are three rows of the
black and white. The underaleeves are
of lace, while the flowing top sleeve la of
tho epangle, which ends at the elbow.
Black Is seldom used for a houae gown,
but batiste Is going to be popular In all
torts of frocks and usod In all stiZlaa.
There Is a happy faculty in ohooainc col
ors that look well oa one, and sotne gtrls)
look their very best ta black, m they
imvo snapped their fingers at custom and
onlerrd black or black and whit* house
gowns.
A swagger tea gown la entirely ao
rnnil.il!. ,i. The pleating la sewed on a
yoke and the fullness falls here and there
in a cureless fashion, A round collar
edged with ecru tabu Is the sole trim
mlng. mill yet there Is a style about it
that a more elaborate gown would en
tirely lark. It is delightfully plain, pretty
and practical— three good points. While
It is rather extreme and slightly In the
way of an innovation. It Is not In bad
taste at all.
In selecting anything remember but
one thing, the becomtngness. for therein
lies the attractiveness of woman.
The Italian Violin.
T? TALIAN violins have not always held
the supremacy they now enjoy. It was
U not indeed until the beginning SrVhe
nineteenth century that they came ltfto
vogue to any extent outside their natlva
land. Previously Jacob Steiner (1621-83)
was the favorite maker, and his high
model had been almost exclusively copied
by his fellow-Germans and different mak
ers in France and England. When the
cldeT Corvetto, who" had been a merchant
before entering the musical profession,
came to London In 1738 he brought with
him some Instruments by Stradivari. The
result of this endeavor to Introduce Ital
ian work into England fills one with pa
thetic wonder; it Is almost beyond belief.
As he could not get as much as £5 ($23)
for a violoncello, he was obliged to send Ihe
instrument back to Italy, as a bad spec
ulation. Five 'pounds for a "Strad." and
not a single purchaser to be found! This
Incident in itself furnishes sufficient tes
timony to the slavi3h following of tha
great German maker and the strong
prejudice of the violinists' of that pe
riod, in favor of the high modelo. It Is.
Indeed, the players who are most to blame
for the alow adoption of the flat model.
for the creator must make what is neces
sitated by the demand; but the eighteenth
century fiddlers, at any rate in England,
France and Germany, seem for the '.raost
part to have been content that thelr*^*-:
Una should possess a ifnall sweet tone,
never realisms the lac* of power and
THE SUNDAY CAM,.
10Tun ctoj» of Easter brides Is as plen
tiful as ever this spring. They al
ways spring up like the crocuses
end the violets— In such sudden
profusion that you -wonder where
on earth they all can have come from.
Some of these weddings are to take
place on Easter day Itself. Mary Virginia
Shields Is to be ene of the Easter day
brides. She is that charming daughter of
the late Corporal Shields— she Is the
daughter of an army man and is to be
the wife of another. Frank Hutter of An
gel Island is the groom and the wedding
Will be a truly military on*.
Bel\e Newman Is another Easter day
bride. J. Lewis Abrams will com* down
from hie home in Stockton and bear her
away from ber grandparents' home,
where th© wedding will take place. Mr.
and Mrs. Redllck are the grandparents.
Btlll another wedding to take place on
the thirtieth i» that of Flora Cohen and
Albert Baer. It will be a home affair, and
thm floral decorations planned will look
Ilk* a spring flower-bed growing indoors.
Easter Monday, the Slot, will see a
beautiful church wedding in the Church
of tb* New Jerusalem in Brooklyn. This
Interests Baa Francisco, inasmuch as the
rroexa is Dr. ;WiUlam Redwood Price
Clark of this city, who will bring the
bride back here to make her new home
among us. The invitations read: "Mrs.
James Frederick Goddard requests your
presence at the marriage of her daughter,
Edith Langdon." -
Th* second flay of April will see Vome
weddings in the southern part of town.
At the Mission Dolores Church, close to
the old Mission, which no doubt witnessed
many similar ceremonies In early Califor
nia days, Sallle Lennon and Frederick
Ruddock will be married. On the same
day St John's Episcopal Church will wit
ness the marriage of Flora King -and Per
cy Clay Black. Besides these, Matie Hart
and Charles Buss will be married, as well
as Marie Robbins and Christian Hilbert,
The Easter Wednesday wedding Is estab
lished by long custom.
The following day, April 3, will see two
gallant officers wedded. Major John Hull,
judge advocate of the local army head
quarters, will marry Greta Chase of Des
Moines. Captain Ormond Lissak of the
ordnance department will marry Alice
Warrington in Philadelphia.
On the 9th of April comes the famous
Preston-Drown wedding that has N ' been
keeping San Francisco interested for a
long time. Miss Edith Preston and Wil
lard Drown will have a swell church wed
ding that promises to be as elaborate an
affair as anybody can anticipate.
Other brides' of the early part of April
will be Lulu Kuhls, who marries H. L.
Detjen, and Lottie Sharpe, who marries
Sidney Cavill, the popular swimmer of the
Olympic Club.*
Later In the month come some more
weddings. Isabel Van Winkle's is one of
these. • She will be married at' her
parents' home on Howard" street and Wil
liam H. Thompson will be the person who
plays second fiddle on the occasion, as
the groom always must do for at least one
day in his career.
The Passavant-Szontagh wedding will
also be In late April. Mrs. Annie* Passa
vant and Oscar Szontagh, the famous
mining expert, will be married then. They
are going north to live in Washington.
The last day of April will see the clos
ing of these weddings when Miss Clara
Huntington becomes the bride of the
young Southerner, Gilbert Brooks Per
kins. The home on Jackson street will
be gorgeous with spring decorations and
the affair will be a grand finale.
(T\HEEE are trousseaus and troUs-
I seaus. - ! >*^ . .
I Miss Georgia Hopkins, now Mrs.
I Fred McNear, paid five hundred
JL dollars for. the lingerie alone of her
trousseau. That needn't discourage you,
however.: You can get up a whole trous
seau, from hat to boots, for seventy dol
lars, and perhaps you will be just as hap
pily married as the several thousand dol
lar girls. Your chances are even, any
way.
From the lingerie outward, quality al
ways pays better than quantity. In the
inexpensive trousseau you will notice
that the underwear Is placed at a very
small cost, but if you can do any hand
embroidery, you can fit yourself out like
the smartest bride of the Easter season.
The trousseau of lingerie pictured on this
page is a seventy-live dollar set from the
White House. It Is extremely simple In
design, having very few frills and fun'
belows; and fine handwork is what costs.
If you have a skillful needle you can im
itate this for yourself to a large extent. "
jj The set consists of four pieces, which,
priced separately,- run in thiswise:
Nightgown .. $30
Drawers 20
Chemise . ;...... 15
Corset cover ....::..... ic .
This is a fair sample of the sets that
our swellest brides have bought. You will
notice little trimming. The lace is not
very wide nor is it put on in great quan
tities. It 'Is of the finest Valenciennes,
which edges the dainty battlements that
trim the muslin. "-,._ • -^ .
The French petticoat shown in the pic
ture' is | a fluffy dream. The sheerest
muslin forms the basis of this. |The up
per part is tight, as fashion demands;,
over' the hips it 'fits like a glove. ;A11 the
fullness is hr-the deep flounce which flares
just above the ankles, and is edged with
a deep lace at the bottom. Hand-sewing
again— and more hand-embroidery. This
design is the very newest thing that ever
was conceived. It is In accord with the
present fad for pearls. Festooned ropes
of them, that is their embroidered like
nesses, are looped with embroidered bow
knots—all, of course, in pure white. -The
ckirt can be had for $25.
The rose corset Is another characteris
tically Parisian part of the swell wedding
outfit. It has a long front and two sets
of j^arters are attached — one pair, in front,
one at the sides, helping to hold the- cop- '
set.down In place. These points are the
essentials that should go with "¦ every up
to-date corset. But the beauty "of this
one! It Is of, the most delicate brocaded
silk, white', in ground, with sprinkled pink
rosebuds lying "on it^ in , brocaded 'relief.
The tiniest of ribbon ruffles— white - and
pink and green— decorate '•. the . top of the :
corset. They, carry! out the . tints of the •
roses and their foliage. ,' v , v ." c; *•'•'•;
A bewitching gown which can be had
for the neat little sum of $250- is shown
. . . . • • - ¦;
in the -large picture, it Is worthy being
made the piece de resistance of the trous
seau. The lace, which covers it entire-'
ly with the ; exception . of the gimp, is
what makes the gown cost. It Is a heavy
applique lace, a deep shade of, cream.
: The skirt, of dead •white taffeta, Is en
tirely covered from waist to^hem by the
lace. It f3 • finished at the bottom over
the taffeta flounce in deep points. >
You can pay any amount that you
¦ please for a - wedding trousseau. You can
run your bill "up into the hundreds and
thousands. You . can likewise get a sub
stantial outfit- for $70 ;it you know how
to economize. ; : . - ¦ ...
. . Take a : look at the matter. Perhaps
you have!an idea" that the thing can't be
done. It is not easy, and the trousseau ¦,
must be simple, but there is -no reason
why,; you can't be, comfortably and pret-v
tlly dressed for that amount of money..
In the first . place, let .your wedding
gown > be the tailor suit. This is neces- .
sary. \You cannot have a wedding gown
. with veil for any such small outlay. But
remember that some of the , Bwellest,
brides have tailor-made weddings, any-<
way. This tailor suit will be appropriate
for the trip if. you have one, and it will
be the all-around, useful costume of your
• wardrobe. ¦ It will do for matinees, 1 call
ing, afternoon teas. It will do for church;
it .will do for shopping; it can ba varied •
by the bodices worn with it. 'The skirt
can be used with a shirt waist,- leaving
the jacket off on warm days. This tailor
suit, • ready made," need cost" only . $15. * / >'
Now for the waists that , go with it x
Have one good one of silk, and pay $5 for
• it. - It is worth the. outlay. Have it of a'
fairly light color, say. turquoise blue ; or
old rose. Getvit ready made unless " you
have a- knack . of making such- things
yourself.' Without the- knack you - will
have.no style .in; your garments. For. $5
a good waisc can be bought/, r
Little Lord Fauntleroy Grown to lA/orriarthooci
TV » ISS ELSIE LESLIE, who will
I \ /I ** "Little Lord Faun-
I V I tleroy" to most of our theater-
V ~ I goers, has grown up to a vexy
JL remarkable womanhood. She
Is quite the ideal of the successful actress.
She has beauty, wealth, talent, youth and
social prestige. Moreover, she is one of
the most popular women'on the stage.-
Her career has been one of exceptional
refinement and comfort. Some^ten or
twelve years " ago the sensation she
created as the little child actress in
Frances Hodgson Burnett's masterpiece
ttbjs truly phenomenal. Her talent and
chaxming personality made - her known
from one end of the world to the .other,
while her costumes In the play ; set the
fashions for children for a whole decade.
But.whe.xi at last the piece was with
drawn fronvthe stage everybody asked
what now for litle Elsie. Daniel Froh
man answered the question by withdraw
ing ber from the stage and personally
superintending her, education. It was he
who first brought her out as i the child In
"Edith's Burglar."
Then she was sent abroad' to travel
over the Continent. For a year or more
she lived In France, after which she re
turned to New York and entered Miss
Ely's school, where her education was
completed. Through these latter years it
was decided for her that she should re
main in private life. '„-•
But the lure of the "stage was still
strong upon her and two or three seasons
ago she returned to the stage as the, lead
ing lady for Joseph Jefferson " In '.'The
Rivals" and "The Cricket on. the Hearth."
This seconQ appearance aSter the lapse of
several years, - and which, strange -as; it
may seem Hn- the light .of* her big hit. in
"Little Lord' Fauntleroy," she r considers
her real debut, was ; watched with * eager
interest by those who had prophesied that
she would be; as disappointing; as most
child actresses are .when;they,;grow up/, .-' ¦
She quickly proved that her. acting .of a '
decade ago was something more than • mere
childish ; precocity by showing unusual
talent and 'dramatic ¦ power . In her ma
turity. -."• What ; was even more surprising
was her, heightened beauty and her original
taste in gowns. As she had set the fash
ions for boys- in /"Little r Lord Fauntle-'
roy'.' - she ; is now showing : some stunning
creations » for • women as Glory • Quayle in
"The Christian." , - -,
• Moreover, she can ; afford to "dress the
part, 1 ' to use stage vernacular, with r a;
lavish- hand, for u she v is' rich— lndepend- •
ently. : rich— in her own right and only re-"
¦mains on the boards . for the pure love of
acting. ¦•'. . ¦¦..-*¦_¦:¦.. .; •¦• / '.... . : ¦¦¦¦•:.
¦Like Ethel Barrymore and dainty • little
Maude Adams,- she isa great favorite in
the best and highest- society, circles: in
i
Have a light pair of gloves costing $1 60
and a pair for common wear at $L
Half a dozen pairs of stockings can be
had for $1 50. One dozen handkerchiefs
will cost tho same. Shoes In any style
you desiro can be bought for $3 50. Light
weight boots are the best for all-round
wear. This allows you SI 83 for little
things, such as neck ribbons and belts,
and you have spent only |70.
Have a flannel waist This can b«
bought for II 25. Especially In tha Ban
L'rancisco climate this will be useful dor
ing a good- deal, of the summer. Havj a
c^lor that will not soil easily, for th«
cleaning of these garments is expenstY*
ii done out and dinicult if done at home.
if scarlet is becoming to you, a scarlet
tlanner wai3t will be both durable and
pretty. - When your husband comes boma
tired to death the very sight of roar
bright red waist ought to jolly him op.
Two wash waists should^oe bought^at
a dollar apiece. Have these of light «un>
mery colors and wash out the cuffs your
self occasionally, forXthese often soil
while the waist is otherwise fresh. White
is becoming, soils no faster than blu* or
pink and does not fade. Have, at any
rate, one of these waists white.
For $12 you can get your beat §*own—
something that will do for the UttU par
ties that you hope to attend with yotsr
husband. Let the gown be of challU,
which comes at 50 cents a yard. Use tucks
for the trimming, and if you are lucky
. enough to have good ribbons or lace on
hand you can use them to excellent ad
vantage in making the costume more
dressy.
Buy a ready-made wrapper for £3. Have
it of flannelette and it will be fairly
warm. Your one new hat must be a
trimmed one which will do to be married
in, and you must exercise plenty of Judg
ment in choosing its color, as it has to
harmonize with all of your gowns. Black
and white is modish and convenient. A 53
hat can be pretty and stylish if your mil
liner knows her business.
Your underwear should be bought
ready-made. Don't have it trimmed ex
cept with ruffles of the muslin. Good
muslin is better than poor lace. Have four
sets; two of them can be bought for $3 60
each, the other two for $4 10 each. This
bring3 the whole amount to $13 40. which
is decidedly less than $500, and yet It is
quite as possible to be daintily neat at
that small cost. s.r-* --,¦
Two petticoats will do very well. Have
a white one for best and a dark-colored
sateen one for every-day use. These can
be bought for a dollar apiece. The corset
will cost U 50.
THE STJKDAY CALL.
11
New,- York, ana like mem she is constant
ly being importuned . to leave the stage
for a society ; life, , but , with such strong
roles; as Glory Quayle Fulted to her win
some personality she wtll not give need, to
these requests.- She is -giving new proof
that a child prodigy may become a great
actress. 'This Is; the vindication- that is
the mainspring of her new ambition.
II I H mil II* iiMi»< M ¦ uTM F"' 11WMMW i|if)iPL| "J'TAJi^wJ^H'^gpjBHBMHiBB^HmHB
¦ .
THE EASTER BRIDEWe know little of Lazarus, but
we. are: all acquainted with Mar
tha, the. active, energetic spirit,
the one who loved to manage and
to, make; and with Mary, the
sweet/gentle sister, who was Hap
piest when sitting at her Lord's
feet, drinking in the gracious
words that proceeded from -his
mouth. You remember how, on
one occasion when Jesus came to
the home, Martha began to bus
tle- about and get ready some
thing worthy of their guest and
..became | quite • angry. . with > .her
quiet sistenbecause she' was not
moved by his presence in , \ the
same way^-so when she, could
stand it no longer her annoyance
got the better of her ; courtesy,
and she demanded of Christ,
dragging him; as it were, into the
unrest of her. own bustling na
ture, "Lord, dost thou not care
that my sister hath left me to
£erve alone? Bid her that she help
me." One can almost see, the
Lord's gentle smile of amused
compassion as he replies: "Mar
tha,- Martha, thou art careful and
troubled about many things; but
one thing is needful, and Mary
hath chosen that good part which
shall never be taken away from
her!"
Do we not live now in a bus
tling age and has not our wor
ship been too much affected by
the spirit of the age? Is not too
much of our worship a bustling
about Christ rather than a quiet
sitting down to listen to Christ?
Our women are "cumbered about .!
much serving and they grow
tired and irritable, and angrily ;
demand that all others should 'do,,
as they do. Is not the. word of
Christ in season— there is but
one thing needful,. 'communion, ,
fellowship with God" in Christ.
We spend so. much of our time
to-day in the spreading^of the ta
ble that little is left for the enter
taining of the guest.
Those .who need elaborate rit
ual and splendid music and elo
quent preaching: "and gorgeous .
buildings to worship God, and
find nothing in the service if it is ¦
bereft of these, have yet to learn
to listen sitting at Jesus' feet. And 1
when we -have : well listened; i we:
will •; have learned how ; to serve—
not r ih,our own crude, \ loud way,
but. in his way, who came not to
\jt>e ministered unto, bat to minis
ter; who in his most strenuous ;;.'.
service.did not,striye:nor,crj', : :but • .
silently : and perfectly, gave Him- . '
self for us. And so we, giving -up
our pride and our prejudice; shall
serve God best, not by; dwelling
on our differences, but upon' our \
¦commonlikeness— in that we are. '
- all sinners . and need the graced
L_Jf ¦AVING. been asked to .
r~~" I find some lesson for the '
modern women i from the
life of women in the Bible story, :
my mind turned ,to that well
known/ incident in the life of
Christ Jesus when we find him in .
the house at Bethany— the only .
home life he Jcnew after his own
home in Nazareth was closed
against him by his fellpw towns
men driving , him from the. vil
lage \on the day 'when he first:
•preached in Nazareth, \yhat ~a
comfort the home at Bethany
was to him when he returned
from a hard day in Jerusalem-^
there for a little awhile he could '
shut out the rejection andcruelty
of the world and be comforted by"
the wa'rm, loving welcome of the
hearts of Lazarus, Martha and
tile sujxjdaa: cajLlu
12
MOST BEAUTIFUL WOMEN IN BIBLICAL HISTORY AS LESSON FOR MODERN WOMENPose by Miss Eby 6f the TivoLL
Con tinned on Page Fourteen.
but the blonde chestnut of our
France. She was not: in any
sense pretty; . we must not for-
hour of action that' I can see her
only, blonde; not the blonde of
the fair-haired races of the north,
get that .warlike companions,
men not overburdened with
testified that she never
heart — so much pity — I find in
her so much of womanly grace in
contrast with her decision in the
"While at work on my series of
designs I have often been asked
to describe my conception, oi
the personal appearance of Joan
of Arc. At this question I have
always seen before me a figure
which little by little has grown
more distinct until now it is as
though I saw Joan, to use her
own words, 'with the eyes of rav
body/ Of actual evidence noth
ing remains; no portrait exists,
nor has there come down to us
the smallest shred of her vest
ments, or fragment of her arms.
We know that she was tall and
well jjroporliosicd, that her phys
iognomy v.as agreeable; but all
this is vague. Some have it "thai
she was fair- other's that she was
dark. Her hair 'was, in all prob
ability, neither the one nor the
other, but of a shade between the
two, which would account for the
difference- of opinion. To me
she must have been somewhat
fair, as thus she seems more fem
inine. Judith had black hair;
Jeanne Hachctte. who from the
ramparts opposed the. enemy
with her battle-ax. was dark; but
Joan of Arc had such a tender
We have no definite record of
the personal appearance of Joan
of Arc. Necessarily she must
have had form and feature in
some way worthy of the beautiful
soul that dwelt within. No bet
ter idea can be gained of what
she must have been than the de
scription of the artist, Boutet de
Monvel, who spent years of study
upon the incidents of her life for
the purpose of depicting her ca
reer by means of his brush. He
says in the Century Magazine for
November, 1896:
If any question the right oi
this national heroine of France to
a place among" the most beauti
ful v.oir.en in history, I would
say that the claim is to spiritual
rather than physical beauty
Thus the term is 'used in a far
higher and nobler sense " than
when applied to such as Cleo
patra. What beauty could be
more worthy of reverence 1 and
worship than the loveliness of the
simple, sincere, courageous soul
that inspired armies to success
and rescued France from de
spair?
The life of Joan of Arc has a
lesson for our age — in fact for
every nation and for all time. It
is not set forth in simple'terms,
and the world has been slow to
understand its meaning. It is
given iii a parable — rather' it is
contained in miracles. The
achievements of Joan of Arc
were so wonderful.- so mnacu
lous, that men have been back
ward b receiving their true im
port. Their lesson, however, is
simple when once we compre
hend the miracle. :
\'W */ **A*v meaning can the
\)A// » Ie of this child-saint
*-* and woman-warrior of
fifteenth century France have for
women of twentieth century
America? Little need has
the present world for saints
of the old-time description. Still
less is there need of women-war
riors, in our time, pledged
to peace, and in our land, filled
with brave men. It must not be \
expected that the lesson be one
of example for imitation. History
teaches by touching the soul, by
quickening the moral insight, by
an in-breathing of noble spirit.
Imitation, mere copying the past,
is futile; for conditions are ever
changing; and never repeated.
Who could rescue France from
this depth of degradation ? Who
could unite the warring faction?
against the invader? What was .
denied to princes and captains
was granted to the peasant girl
of Domremy. To save France
was the mission of Joan of Arc.
History contains nothing more
wonderful than this, and yet it
is nothing supernatural. It is as
natural as the rainfall replenish
ing the thirsty earth. France was
in , ruins through partisanship.
Only the spirit of patriotism
could rebuild and restore. Joan
of Arc was the embodiment of
that spirit. In her patriotism
was made riesh and dwelt among
Such was the condition of
France during the childhood of
Joan of Arc, born January 5,
141 2. The battle of Agincourt,
fought three years later, gave
half of France ' into the hands
of Henry V of England. In 1420
came "le traite infame" of Troves
by which the conqueror gained
the daughter of the King of
.France for his bride, the regency
and the promise of the throne
upon the King's death — and, all
this with French help against
France.
At the end- of the tenth century
France was a feudally divided land
with ten thousand separate fiefs,
and a score of great lords, any
one of them .equal to the King in
power. By the end of the thir
teenth century a long road had
been traveled toward national
unity. Private warfare had been
forbidden; uniformity of law had
been established; the authority
of the King's courts was recog
nized. Still the goal had not yet
been reached ; and a succession
of weak sovereigns and the evils
of the endless wars with the Eng
lish sent the nation far on the
backward course. Province
broke away from province. The
great Dukes sought to recover
their lost power, and upon the
ruins of France to rear the tem
ples of their own s^fish pride.
There were no Frenchmen — only
Burgundians, Armagnacs, Bret
ons, Provencaux. To such a de
gree of bitterness and hatred did
men carry their partisan strife 1
that either side was ready to wel
come the foreign invader rather
than see the success of the rival
faction.
To many the career of Joan of
Arc has seemed an inexplicable
mystery; to some,- a product ol
mere superstition. To view it
aright one must study it in rela
tion to the condition of the lime,
as one would study the work oi
Julius Caesar or of Abraham
Lincoln. What was the France
for which Joan of Arc lived, an
angel of healing, and died, a
inspired the thought of gallantry.
If not pretty, however, she had
probably the beauty of the peas
ant; a firmly, well constructed
head; her eyes were bluish gray,
not too light, for they flashed fire
at times; her nose was somewhat
heavy, but with sensitive nostrils;
and her mouth strongly marked,
with full, red lips. Her complex
ion was browned by exposure,
rich and healthy in color; her car
riage free and somewhat boyish,
for she was a girl of the fields,
free as air, and her limbs were
vigorous, and her chest was
deep. She never knew fatigue,
say the chronicles of her time."
I - -
.""- f '' , ¦.•¦
THE SUNDAY CALL.
13
MOST BEAUTIFUL WOMEN IN HISTORY AS LESSON FOR MODERN WOMEN... . ¦ urn i i a ili"iinmM'' l ilWP | l*U
that comes In handy, and It will not mjkke
any gown look ashamed either
There Is > always a go-between hat. A
under the guidance of. archangels. This
is but the form ef the fifteenth century
thought— the only way in which her rev
elation could be known to men. Certainly
at this date we can distinguish the divine
truth that spoke through her, from the
peculiar form in which It had to find ex
pression. It Is unnecessary . to speak of
her martyrdom. Her work was finished;
she scaled It with her life, a sacrifice to
hate and cowardice, ever present tn the
world.
Patriotism and humanity are the lessons
from the life and character of Joan of
Arc. Women of America In the twentieth
century are not called upon to lead armies
against a conquering invader. The ene
mies ef American life are within; the
evils of our time — frivolity. Intemperance,
immorality — are foes more deadly than in
vading armies, because Insidious. Is It
not patriotism to maintain the force, the
simplicity, the earnest devotion to truth
and right that ib the past have been the
foundation of American greatness? Is it
not humanity to save men from their evil
ways, to preserve soundness of character?
American women must share with men
the duty of maintaining our national vir
tues. Share with men the duty. Joan
of Arc did not seek to organize a regiment
of women. She placed herself with men.
at their head, sharing their life, yet never
losing womanliness.
This then, in brief, is the lesson — pat
riotism and humanity, devotion to main
taining the noblest elements of American
character— not by separate effort of wo
men apart from men, but by co-operative,
fraternal service. x MRM
and blu« and the bat ia completed. "While
it was Oesigned .to wear with linen suits,
it probably will be worn with anything
Another lovely thing Is made of a pal*
pink. The crown Is lifted so that the hat
is raised off the head and the facing
shows, as much if not more, than the
crown. . The facing of this hat, by the
way. Is of pink satin ribbon. Instead of
running lengthwise of the ribbon it is put
on in exactly the opposite way. . Each
piece shows Just where' It is ended, but it
is lapped over the next one so much that
it looks like tiers of ribbon. Running
around the brim a"nd peeping over a little
arc hundreds of 'white and pink apple
blossoms. The entire crown is covered
with a pink chiffon drape* Around th«
edge of the drape are three rows of tfny
silk lace and this lace eecms ' to -try its
best to cover up the apple blossoms and to
get Just a little farther over _the brim
than they are. The chiffon Is laid over
the hat gently and the ends fall down
the back in a perfect ¦ cloud. A dainty
buckle completes the hat, which is worthy
of Esther Myers" shop. .
Another beautiful evening hat Is made
of blue tulle. The frame is round, but It
is bent on one side to tilt a little over, an
car. There are rows and rows of pleated
tulle, and in fact that comprises the top
of the hat. The facing is .cream lace and
wanders about to the back and is lost
in a huge cream rosette. ¦ In the center
of the lace and directly. In the center of
the hat is a blue rosette and a large pearl
capsion is the center of it all. It is most
peculiar-looking, but mighty smarti^/The
lace on such a hat is an item in itself,"
as it shows to such advantage against the
hair. Don't try to buy it unless your
pocket book is bulging, for some Paris
hats come higher than others,: and this is
one that is merely; lookatable. •* ' • ,. ..
f Do tyou happen to know, that linen hats
are to be all the rage? If you do not, you
are distinctly behind the times. The linen
girl had to scurry about last summer and
make a head covering that would look
suitable ; to wear with such, a gown,. but
this summer even ; that has ' been i provided
her. - Of course the entire hat is not linen.
The crown has a; fold of linen and; a fold
of soft blue and white wash -ribbon. The
brim is folded white chiffon and here and
there about n are wreaths of cream lac*
appliqued on. .; On the top, but slightly to
one • aide is a .soft, crushy bow ; of .white
VANITY! Extravagance !! Caprice!:'.
That describes the Eastertide
hats of 19u2. .
Every woman «ays that Paris has
sent us her very best, and that
mean* a great deal, you know; that is,'
for hats.
This summer the hats are all large. At
the tame time they are surprisingly love
ly. Just the lightest, breeziest, daintiest
things Imaginable. A breath of wind
would float one away as lightly as it
would a feather, and that is one reason
why everybody has gone so particularly,
hat crazy this year. A light head-cover
ing means bo much to the woman who
spends the most of her time under one,
that when the milliners decree that
weight be all-important, each and every
woman feels like spending every cent she
possesses to buy bonnets, for such bless
ings are few and far between these days
when picture hats are all the rage.
One of lime. Cartier's most stunning
creations is made of white tulle. The tulle
Is gathered on a wire frame which Is
somewhat on the turban order. The en
tire frame, from the rolling brim to the
center of the crown, is literally covered
with cream beads. At the most the pearly
things are not more than an Inch apart,
bo the effect is quite smart. As the hat
rests on the head at an angle, as most
of them do, by the way, all the trimming
is on one side. Rising out of the brim
is the softest, whitest feather pompon and
from the center of that feathery ball are
a myriad of leafy aigrettes. These all
bow low over the rim and partially meet
an immense pearl caption whose duty- It
is to hold nine strands of pearls in place.
These ropes are loose and fall over the
hair, until they are gathered In place
again by another caption. The second
errands are longer than the first, falling
almost to the nape of the' neck when they
are rescued again and finally held tirmly
l>y the third and last caption.' To say
that it Is a dream would be putting It
lightly. The only trouble with it is that
It requires a stunning frock and a swell
occasion to set It off. Otherwise it would
look extremely out of place, and that, in
hats. Is almost the most unfortunate
thing that could happen.
etc, pointing the way of the better life.
It counts for nothing against this truth
i>>* she saw visions and believed herself
Continued From Page Thirteen.
MOST BEAUTIFUL
WOMAN IN HISTORY
bo me thing to wear with a Bilk frock, for
Instance. "While black and white Is worn
comparatively little together, It la com
bined to advantage sometimes. As straw
Is used so much, there is plenty of op
portunity to make a stunning combina
tion.
-Take, for instance, a round hat with a
rolling brrm. The straw must be cream
cclored. With a fine piece of black Chan
tllly iace appliqued on the brim the ef
fect is marveiously changed. .A soft ro
sette of white edged with a tiny black
lace makes a snug fitting place for a
bur.ch of white aigrettes. While It la not
elaborate, it is- simply chic.
An attractive tailor hat is made of
straw. The sides roll slightly, but the
front shades the eyes. There are three
rows of red velvet ribbon, which com
mence under the crown, and the third and
last row is the edge of the brim. The
back of the hat is positively ugly; that is.
when it is in the hand. But when it Is
oh the head It fits over the hair prettily.
A single black quill runs from the back
to the front and peeps slightly over the
brim in front. Holding the qr.il! in place
Is a large knot of the red ribbon, which
falls over the snowshrcl back. It is rather
peculiar, but decidedly attractive.
A hat for a very large woman 13 swell.
The shape Is round and It has the raised
Inside rim, so that the hat Is well oft the
hair. One row of straw Is white, the
next black and the third white again
Directly in front is a large black velvet
rcsette and a p**arl caption forms the ex
treme center. It is an immense hat and
only a very large woman could success
fully wear it. but it Is exactly the proper
thins for the proper, person. It Is the
same in hats as in everything else. The
eternal fitness of things means every
thing.
the stnsnb^Y cAiiii.
THE EASTERN HAT IN ALL ITS GLORYyy VEN more than the complexion do
/ the neck and throat need care be
"7 0 stowed upon them, that they may
JLJ \ be full and rounded and retain
their beautiful and artistic
curves.
Devotion to certain exercises is neces
sary, and fortunately the muscles of
th« neck are as susceptible of develop
ment as any muscle of the body. Many
of the movements suggested for secur
ing plump, firm outlines also g4ve the head
a trracerul poise.
The first tiny signs of approaching age
are seen in the fine wrinkles on the
throat under the chin; massage and cer
tain movements are the best treatment
In massaginp, use an emollient, and plac
ing the three first fingers of each hand on
the chin, as shown in the first illustration,
rapidly and firmly draw the fingers out in
the direction of the ears, gradually in
creasing the rapidity of the movements.
For developing the muscles on the
sides of the neck, put, the palm of the
right hand on the right side of the head,
near the top, and press the head hard
against the hand, at the same time
making a little resistance with the .hand;
that Is, push a little with the' hand
against the head, but allow the musclfcs
to overcome the resistance by forcing the*
head sideways over the right shoulder.
Repeat this several times and then
change to the left hand and to the left
side of the neck.
To exercise both muscles at the same
time, place the palms of the hands
against the forehead, near the top; press
the head forward strongly, at the same
time press up lightly with the hands,
but not so hard but that the contraction
of the muscles will overcome ' the resist
ance of the hands, and the head come
forward and downward, so that the ch.n
will touch the collarbone.
For the back of the neck, interlace the
fingers and put the patms of th« hands
against the back of the head, high up;
and then drop the heed forward, press It
backward and at the same time pull for
ward with the hands, but not bo hard
but that the muscles on the back of the
neck will be able to straighten the head
up and carry it backward as far as it can
co.
In all these movements tai.* care to
(Coijyright, 1902. by the S. S. McClure Go.)
Glycerin '. — 10 drops
Distilled .water....... :.:...... 2 ounces
Put the - salts' in a wide-mouthed bot-
To Remove TanY
Pulverized epsom salts Vi ounce
Tincture of benzoin .........20 drops
to wash the brush thoroughly in "clear,
cold water after using.
' . Let me say, however, to maids and mat
rons, don't worry about your freckles, for,
It is said that the weraan.who freckles Is
o a e. . ¦ . . >¦."?¦;
One way. to treat freckles is to touch
them night and morning with a camels
hair brush dipped in lemon Juice. Another
shield against these "kisses- of the sun"
Is made by. whipping to a cream the white
How to Banish Freckles.
A woman physician kindly took' the
trouble to measure four women to decide
the question as to the proportionate dif
ference between the bust and the waist..
In . two instances there was a difference
of eight inches, in the third nine; and in
the fourth ten. All of the women were
well proportioned. Afterward the meas
urement of a woman was taken who had
never worn a corset in her life, and the.
difference | between the two points was
barely six inches. , All ready-made waists
for women of ordinary size are made witl"
ten inches difference between, the bust
measure and the waist.
The difference in size between the waist
and the ; bust— the measurement being
taken ~just .under the arms—In the well
formed .woman, should be from eight to
ten inches. ¦ . " ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ •
downward to the side, then up above the
head again.
Undeveloped busts are often due to lack
of systematic development by exercise
and gymnastics during the ' growing pe
riod—that is, from 10 to 18 years. It -19
precisely then that corset3 arc most dan
gerous If they compress the figure;. If
not worn before one is 25, corsets may be
worn afterward with impunity.
¦ It Is Impossible to develop the bust if
there is any stricture about the .waist or
chest, therefore the corset should be
loose. Padding Is fatal to ¦ the develop
ment of the bust.
Massage : is effective, particularly In
ccnnectlon with the use of a lotion made
¦of:- ¦'.¦.¦.'¦ -•'-.- . \-.v- .
The best j treatment for women who de
sire to develop the bust is first as much
rest as possible, ten hours' sleep during
the twenty-four, nourishing Afood, deep
breathing,' vocal culture, , gymnastics,
swimming, out-of-door exercises and a
diet consisting of flesh-making foods.
Developing the Bust.
There are no more gracious curves in
a woman's body than those which start
from the nape of the neck and a woman's
skin is nowhere more delicate than be
tween and just above the shoulder
blades. Under the sharp, shadowed bril
liance of artificial light, the tint is like
that of pearl white satin flushed with' 1 a
faint, rosy glow. Sometimes it is like
living marble in its fineness of grain
and exauisite . definition.
A lovely neck and shoulders should be
left to speak for themselves. Oddly
enough, women with really fine necks
have the notion that, by ornament or
trinketry they increase, or at the least
call attention to their beauty. This is
a mistake. The gracious lines of the
shoulders, and the sweep from the nape
of the neck, down the back are broken,
and have their value utterly destroyed
by a necklace.
In Mayf air longed to possess a throat
like It. .
Making the head look very tall by the
style of hat or mode of halrdressing, the
throat apparently elongates remarkably;
a proper poise of head also adds to the
illusion; by these mear.s, London women
passed for long-throated beauties of the
time of Rbmney or Reynolds.
Oil of roses-.: . 5 drachma
White precipitate .....V& drachm
Blackheads or flesh worms, as they aro
usually called, are a form of acne which
frequently ¦ affects the ncse. chin and
brow. They are caused by the pores, or
breathing mouths of the skin, becoming
clogged with dust and other particlea of
matter, which irritate, . enlarge, and dis
• tend them. The one cure for these blem
ishes is persistent care and attention. to
the skin.
There are various treatments; the fol
lowing la suggested as" one of\the best:
- At night give the face a thorough wash
ing with warm water • and soap. After
using soap on the face always rinse
with clear water. After drying rub on
the ! affected parts this stimulating lo
tion:
Tincture of capsicum jounce
'Tincture of cantharides 2 drachms
Rosewater 4 ounces
Distilled water 8 ounces
When peace-destroying pimples appear,
apply an ointment mace of one drachm
of flour of sulphur, and one ounce of
benzoated lard.
Another remedy Is:.
Vaseline ". % ounce
Glycerin 1 ounce
tie, containing tue .uiau..ci .. .^r; when
the salts have dissolved, add benzoin
and glycerin. •
Directions for using:
Wash the face and hand3 in warm, soft
water, rinse and wipe dry; then pour a
little of the wash, in the palm of the
hand and wet the face with it; leave It
until it begins to feel dry, then rub soft
lv until the face has the appearance of
being powdered; dust off with flannel.
This is also good for an oily complexion,
leaving it soft and white in live minutes
after washing.
Another lotion known to work wonders,
as far as superficial tan is concerned, la
the following:
Chlorate of potassa Vx ounce
To whiten and refresh- the skin after
tan, freckles and . other blemishes have
been removed try any one of the follow
ing preparations:
NO. L
Essence of citron .........3 ounce*
Essence of neroll *4 ounce
Essence of rosemary % ounoo
Essence of roses Tfc drops
Put a few drops In a half-glass of water
when needed, as it is too strong to use
undiluted.
NO. 2— ALMOND EMULSION.
Emulsion of sweet almonds 1 drachm
Emulsion of bitter almonds y» drachm
liosewater to make 4 ounces
* NO. 3-CUCUMBER CREAM.
Spermaceti V* ounce
White wax % ounce
Green oil — Vi ounce
Almond oil ...^> ounce
Essence of cucumber l ounco
Melt the spermaceti and wax, add oils
slowly, stirring: constantly, and finally
the essence. Beat until the mixture Is
cold and like cream.
no. 4— cold crea:.i of roses.
Melt together 1 ounce each of white wax'
and spermaceti, adding 4 ounces oil of
almonds, and gradually 4 ounces rose
nuter. Then stir very thoroughly as the
mixture cools, forming a uniform emul
sion.
When washing or treating the face, do
not bend over the basin. A stooping posi
tion is bad for the muscles of the face.
The head should, therefore, be held erect
during manipulation. In massaging, put
on the cream with the finger tips, rub
bins cautiously under the eyes so as not
to move the skin, but pressing harder In
the corners of the eye, where the crows'
feet come, ruhbing the cheeks outward In
stead of inward, and the chin and fore
head upward. Rotation at the base of
the nose and over the nostrils is impor
tant, aa the muscles of that part of the
face are apt to become enlarged and
ugly. Movements should be upward and
outward. A rotary motion with the bands
Is best when washing and drying the face
and when applying emolllenta.
When a number of the blackheads are
removed — do not attempt to do a great
number at one time — the face must b«
washed with warm water. This process
must; be repeated oVery night or two until
the skin is entirely free from any sign
of these unsightly marks. They can be
kept away permanently only on condition
. that the skin be not neglected.
Castor oil % drachm
Glycerin to make 3 ounces
Fellow this treatment for three nights,
the fourth night hold cloths wrung out of
hot water on the face for ten or fifteen
minutes or until the particles of matter
Piling the Inactive pores are softened.
Then each blackhead must be thoroughly
and carefully pressed out (otherwise It
will return and further distend the pore)
by pressing a hollow watch key over It
or by pressing on either side of the clog
ged pore with the finger nails, well cov
ered with a pocket handkerchief— this Is
necessary to prevent the bare nails from
coming in contact with the Inflamed sur
face of the skin, as they serve to irritate
it. As soon as each pore Is clear anoint
it with an emollient, almond oil or mut
ter, tallow. Nothing Is better than ths
latter, and if perfumed It Is not disagree
able to use:
There Is a variety of opinions about the
beauty of a long neck. Its advocates in
sist that it gives grace and an aristocratic
bearing, and that the decadence of necks
since the time of Joshua Reynolds marks
a falling off in feminine loveliness. ¦ -¦;..
Consuelo, Duchess of Marl bo rough,
brought long necks, or "swan throats,"
Into fashionable favor In London, and
when she first appeared In her famous
pearl necklace of seven strings buttoned
s.t the back with seven big diamonds set
en a band of cold exactly four and one
«uarter Inches lonjr.i every smart woman
Swan Throats.
' Let the arms hang relaxed at the side;
raise the shoulders as high as possible,
then forward down and backward until
a circle is formed. Continue this for a
time, then reverse the motion.
For the next movement draw the arms
from the front horizontally, palms up,
until the elbows are as far past the sides
as possible, but kept down close to the
body. Repeat these movements three or
four times. The last time, when the el
bows are back, beat the chest lightly and
quickly lifteen or twenty minutes.
For these movements one must stand
perfectly erect and take deep breaths.
For what is called " the side-sweep arm
exercise, by which all the muscles of
the throat anfi neck are exercised and
Invigorated and the joints of the verte
brae of the neck made more supple, stand
erect with the arms at the Fides, then lift
them Up vertically. Inflating the lungs
as the arms ascend. With the arms In
vertical position raise up on the tiptoes
and throw the head back, touching at
the same time the backs of the hands
overhead. As the arms slowly descend
exhale from the lunjjs.
For the front sweep inflate the lungs
as you bring your arms to a vertical po
sition, look up and raise on the tiptoes,
keep the elbows straight and touch the
thumbs when the arms are raised above
the head. Exhale as the hands arc re
turned to the sides. Another good exer
cise which one can practice at almost any
time — even when riding in the cars or
when walking— turn the head slowly to
the right as far as possible. Do not
raise or lower the chin. Keep the body
perfectly quiej.. Avoid turning the shoul
«>rs. Turn the head back to position: then
turn to the left In the same way; any
movement of the shoulders while turn
ing the head is to be avoided.
Few women realize how much cold wa
ter and brisk rubbing beautify the skin
of one's throat and neck. Even those
who cannot stand the shock of an entire
cold bath each morning would do well to
accustom themselves to taking one to
the waist. If warm water Is preferred,
finish off with a dash of cold water. Rub
briskly. The cold water and brisk rub
bing make the flesh hard and firm, im
prove the texture of the skin and .often
have a wonderful effect in removing the
blotchy appearance of the skin, which Is
such an affliction to a girl with an other
wise pretty neck.
allow the muscular contraction to over
come the resistance or the muscles will
not get the full contraction necessary for
rapid development.
To flll in the hollows of the neck above
the collarbone, raise the arms at the
eide of the body en a level with the
shoulder; stretch as far as possible, then
move in a small circle, never dippirs be
low the level of the shoulder, the circle
not to be more than six or eight inches
In diameter. '¦;• .
THE STJISTDAT CAT,!,.
Olive oil ',£ pint
Tincture benzoin *A ounce
•Tincture myrrh... '. S drops
Where the texture of the skin is dry
and leathery an emollient is better than
a lotion. The following is one of the
best for the purpose: .
Cccoanut oil 6 ounces
1-anolin 2 ounces
Glycerin • 2 ounces
Tincture tolu : *4 ounce
Tincture benzoin -. 30 drops
• Stir the first three ingredients thorough
ly and add the tinctures drop by drop.
Friction and massage promote the health
ful and natural growth of the breast.
When an emollient is used it should be
kneaded in with the palms of the hands
deeply and firmly, with care taken not to
bruise the skin. ¦ . !
Exercise which strengthens the mus
cles of the chest are of .value. One con
sists in raising the arms in front of the
Lody, with hands relaxed and the back
of the- wrists upward; then raise them
above the head, bring them back and
of an egg, and adding to it an equal quan
tity of oil of sweet- almonds. Th»a is to oe
rubbed on the face at night.
As in a multitude of counselors there
is wisdom, four other remedies, warrant
ed, to cure freckles, are given: •
Put one-quarter pound of oatmeal soap
shaved fine into one quart of boiling
water, Ftir until It is smooth and cool,
then add one-half pint of snirits of wine
and one-fourth ounce" of rosemary. Use
occasionally on the face, where it i?
touched with freckles.
NO. 2.
Castor oil ........2 ounces
Vaseline ....' '... 1 ounce
Salicylic acid 1 drachm
Essence of bitter almonds....: 10 drops
_^NO,.<3.
Lactic acld.-rrr.'. :. ,T.'. .75. . . :.*.*¦... ...V? ounce
Glycerin /:...::.*..' % ounce
NO, 4.
Oil of bergamot — .....; .....1 drachm
Oil of citronella......:..: 1 drachm
Alcohol ....' r ..% pint
These lotions are applied by means of a
camels-hair brush. Care should be taken
THE BRAUTY
15She will need forty gowns tor a season at the seaside and she
can be a variety of summer girl, the Dolly Varden, the Watteau
Shepherdess, the Dignified Directoire Dame, the Empire Lady, or
simply the Fluffy Summer Girl of America — Mrs. Langtry's new
gowns in "Mile. Mars" — Mrs. Chamberlain's dress, and the gown
of Lord Bosebery's daughter — Queen Alexandra's simple blue gowns.
The skirt in as tight as it can possibly
be and tucked wlti the finest of tuck»,
running- straight down from the waist, to
the very shoe tops. Then comes a band
of lace above a flounce. \
The name "morning: glory" gown Is bor-
There died In New York; the other day
an ¦ old woman who made a • fat living
washing valuable laces and flne linens for
Vanderbilts, Belrnonts and other wealthy
folk. At the time of her. demise she wan
at work upon a Venetian lace article
flowers applied to this sun-colored batiste.
- The waist was trimmed with two x»ws
of these leaves, one around the waist and
one around the yoke or where the yoke
would come. The sleeves had a. few flow
ers appllqued upon them.-
The waist Is tight fitting and corded.
No. that is net the way to tell it. It is a
Ehlrt waist with line tucks. It Is fitted
In the back and so arranged at the sides
that bones can be slipped in the lining
and hold it to the ngure.. The front !s a
trifle bagrgry, no that it can be pulled oui
over the girdle— for there is a »rirdle.
The pin tucking Is so fine that for youi
life you cannot distinguish between tuc':s
and cords. The sleeves are tucked in this
flne * manner right to the elbows. Then
there is a puff of pale pink silky lawn.
Just to hold the elbow, and then there is
a flat band of . heavy lace, so arranged
that it sets close to the arm.
This makes a short sleeve, as you can
imagine, but short sleeves are fashion
able.
The girdle is in lace, cut to a point
above and below the belt, front and back
and lined with 6ilk and boned and all
that. But the lining and the bones do not
¦how. And the lac© girdle is certainly
very pretty.
A morning glory gown rivals in prettl
ness Its attractive name. It is in apple
green with little pink flowers up-n lt
The flowers are delicately unobtrusive, as
flowers upon a cotton gown should be, and
they show a tendency to disappear at the
outlines, not standing out In as mucn
boldness as the vulgar priius of iwo years
ago. . '.-'•'.•-"
A Morning- Glory Gown.
In louisine cotton she finds a prize, for
It maJces up like Bilk. The flowers form a
self trimming and, with ingenuity and a
little plain lawn of the color of the flow
ers, so much can be done in the. way of
skirt flounclngs, stocks and the ubiquit
ous sash.
A "woman— such an extravagant home
woman— is making herself a gown each
week. She calculates that by the month •>
of June she will have ten or a dozen of
the prettiest summer costumes in the
world. She is buying the material cheap,_
for a few cents a yard, never paying
higher than half a dollar, and sh<* is" pick
ing up odds and ends of lace and the
dearest little bits of foulard, silk muslin
and lisle.
gowns during June, July, August and
September, and with a little of May and
some of October thrown in. And so, as
they cost not very much she will, at the
season's end, probably be well in. Previ
ous summers her Paris confections have
cost her much more. . ;
•» many women are there In the
|Y Coated States?
I I Consult the statistician and you
"*X I wI11 have an estimate of the sum
%S'-. xner girl — so numerous will she be-
There lives no woman with soul so dead
or body bo old that some lingering spark
of summer girlism may not be found with
in. Were she in the most advanced stages
of personal despair one glance at the
spring windows would waken her. Two
glances would draw her Into the store on •
cummer bargains intent., while a third '
glance would send her, home determined
to construct herself a gown that would
place her In the summer girlhood.
But you cannot be a summer girl in a
linen Ekirt and a shirt waist, with a sim
ple sailor atop your lowly head.
You must fuss and frill, tuck and cord,
lace and embroider until you have driven
away the accusation of simplicity as well
as the look of severity from your ma
terial. The summer girl is an ambitious
daushter.
Yet there are those who assert that,
there are two styles of summer girl — the
outing girl with her blue canvas skirt and
her white shirt waist, crowned with straw
sailor, white felt fedora, flat topped Tam
of straw, or ready-to-wear hat; and the
frilled summer girl, she with the flounces
ard the furbelows, the one who has been
called the fluffy summer girl.
Be that as it may — two kinds or one— it
Is certain that for a long time to come,
certainly until the glorious Fourth sends
Its screech into the air. it is the fluJIy
summer trirl that jv.-e shall have in our
tcidst, and, sir.ee she is here," or coming
fast, is it not best to study her?
For a Ecu-port Summer.
The moods and Ihe tenses of the sum
mer girl are many. It is estimated that,
for a Newport summer no less than forty
fluffy cummer dresses are needed. This
Clves one a new gown a day. counting the
season as less than two months.
To the credit of the coming fluffy sum
mer gown it may. be stated that it can be
reworn in the fall, for it is of a kind that
It difficult to distinguish from the conven
tional gown for the house. And it is cer-
Zialnly cheaper than a fine reception or
afternoon rown.
J The Newport -woman can wear her fifty
"But, do you realize it, the cotton gown<?
of this summer are not intended to be
laundered. They are too elaborately made
for that. Their linings are too tine, their
plan too complicated, their trimmings too
delicate. One good soap-sudding would
ruin them, if. applied with the aid of
knuckles and a washboard. ••-..
Cotton gowns are supposed to be wash
gowns, whether they are in muslin, lawn,
butiste, cheviot, Madras, mercerized ma
terial or challie. The very idea of a cot
ton gown, its essence of recommendation
as -well as of desirability, lies in the fact
that it will wash.
TcviO from the flounce, which is very
fUil and Is set upon the skirt, very near
:he bottom to make the sudden, flare — the
rooming glory flare— around the foot.
Every summer, woman should have one
rf these gowns, and -why not copy the
morning glory gown, it is so simple to
make.
No I-Iore Wash Dresses.
With the white gown it is to be a sum
mer fancy that parasol and hat must
likely be a flowered silk, has Its rosette
of ribbon to ' match the flowers in tho'
silk upon • the handle. A white hat pro
fusely trimmed with flowers that match
the brocaded flowers In the parasol, com
pletes the toilet. A bunch of flowers of
the same color may be carried by the
The waist is quite a poem In the shap«
of a blouaed sailor waist, with deep sailor
collar and baggy front, caught with nar
row white satin ribbons. The sleeves
are to the elbow with their frill of lace.
And,, lest the fingers of the dressmaker
grow idle, there are insertions of lace
only an inch wide, set in rows around
the 'sailor collar and - upon ' the blouse
waist and ¦ in the sleeves row after row.
' The Wedding Guest.
Beautiful lace Insertion will trim th»,
skirt a little below the knees, two rows;
of it going around. the skirt. Below thin;
there will come more of the Insertion,
put on in the .Van Dyck order, all points,
top ar.d bottom, to make a pointed lace
trimmed flounce, which in the back is
quite deep. Eetween ,<the lace points
tucked, lawn will be set in. Finally there
will be a delicate lace ruffle three inches
wide around the foot. Could anything
prettier be Imagined than this white
India linen gown, crisp, sheer and of
a silvery whiteness?
A woman who dresses a great deal has
planned a white India gown for a June
wedding. As a guest she will be gowned
in this dress made over a glazed-^vhite
lining. ' 1
India lawn is a favorite; linen batiste Is
another. Fine linen comes this year of
Just the right stiffness for handsome
gowns, and there are so very many of
the sheer linens with mercerized- sur
faces. They are silky and expensive, but
you really, if you have social ambitions,
must possess one at least, for It will be
the accepted gown of summer for vtcy
nice occasions.
The all-white gowns are too delicately
planned and too beautifully charming for
light consideration. They are built of the
thinnest material.
The All-White Gown.
So difficult are these sashes to tie that
they are,. for the most part, made before
they are put on and fastened with a hook
and eye under the bow at the back of
the belt. That Is really the beat way to
manage
Why She Wears a Sash.
The sash^ girl may wear a sash because
it. is fashionable.
She may wear It because she Is flat at
the back— hollow backed.
She may wear it because It gives
height.
She may wear a sash because a sash
of all things dresses up a gown the most.
Perhaps she wears it because the im
ported Paris gowns nearly all display
them.
Her sash may be a ribbon. one and, for
this purpose, there come ribbons as deli
cate as millinery ribbons, thin mousseline
ribbons and soft figured batiste ones. Per
haps she clings to the liberty and the
panne ribbons or is decorative enough to
want the big flowered affairs that come a
foot wide and sell very 'high.
The made sasrj of the dress material Is
a thing that ' is seen upon the imported
gowns. Its design is very simple. In the
front it is tucked and there are bones
to shape it and give the long point. At
the sides it is rolled into a soft band,
while at the back it is tied In a tiny bow
with two standing loops, but very long
ends. This, though a French sash, is
called the Princess, for the reason prob
ably that It is worn so much with the
Princess gowns, which are so very try
ing without the sash, belt or waist trim
ming of some sort.
The Dutch sash, so called, Is a queer
arrangement In ribbon, with little wind
mill bows afthe" back of the belt. A foot
lower the ribbon is tied In another little
bunch of loops. ¦ Below this the ends hang
and: there are bunches of loops near the
end: of each.
So runs the topical song. -And this sum
mer the sash girl will be added to the
number. The sash girl is one who al
ways wears a sash. All her gowns are
built for this ornament, and she is never
seen without it. Her reason for wearing
it may be one of several. > .
Finally, in this process of making a
summer gown, came the application of
black satin ribbon to the dress. This was
put' on in rows from the bottom of the
¦skirt up to the waist, the rows four inches
apart, so as to stripe the skirt from top
to bottom. The satin ribbon was cun
ningly slipped in under the lace figures,
and the lace lay over them. Probably the
striping was done before the lace leaves
were applied. There was a belt and
stock of white. ¦ . .
Each summer gown this year is a ro
mance, each an individual dream, wrought
out in wonderful .colors -and exe
cuted with the fidelity of a fine art cre
ation. You cai*'t make one in a day, and
you will do well to get one up in a week,
even with the aid of a seamstress. . But
you can save money on your materials, if
"you cannot on your time. It is just the
season for the making of your own gowns.
Go to work, or be willing to pay the price
the modistes charge. And it Is a fat sum.
"There are all kinds of girls—"
Out of some Spanish lace were cut some
flowers, and these were applied to make
a border for the. skirt.- Two rows of them
were set in, one above the other, and
stitched on. In the middle of the front
the flower design I widened and came up
to a great pyramid with the point .at the
very-. belt line, a pyramid of Spanish lace
When the gown was . completed, all
ready to be put on, with each seam sewed
and every finishing touch applied, then
came the real workmanship. .
For the Lily Skirt.
Take such- a gown as has Just been
made for the summer campaign. Its
groundwork, or, better to say, its ma
terial, is a very pale sun-colored batiste,
all yellow, without even one little' satin
dot to help it out. . . • *..
It is made with elbow sleeves, very
tight, a round waist, cut - on the shirt
waist order, and plain, straight skirt of
sweep length, close at the top, gradually
widening into lily shape.
At would pay any summer woman to
give the subject of laundering her flne
gowns careful attention, for the modistes
declare that the chief obstacle to the
making of pretty, summer gowns .is the
fact -that they must soil easily and must
on that account be tubbed.
which cost $G000. For years she cleaned
these flne materials with naphtha and
.with peculiar washing compounds of her
own. • . . • ¦ . ¦
Mrs. Joseph Chamberlain, one of the
q^etest of American women In Queen
Alexandra's court, called upon her jSajTs
ty recently gowned in a black Irishlace
frock cut very close to the figure, cllnrtna
vi^^ii^, 8 * 10 * 1 "*- Hffbeltwffa
very wide girdle of violet satin and her
stock matched, fter hat was a wldS
tt^brim 1 Vlolet velvet *™**
p?ume? Wa3 a sl(re «P |n * violet
On the same day Lady Crewe th»
daughter of Lord Rosebery, paid her re!
spects to her sovereign, clad in a bh£
neh? kT" V ?*""• bla * k v «lvet Eton ind
Rnth £J , e * hat trlmme <i white roses:
Both of these costumes were ideal forth*
summer girl in color and character Lon
*S? e V* Alexa ndra is to be a summer
girl and many gowns are being made for
her irrthe sheer materials. So odd to think
of a Queen in a wash dress. Her Majesty
ls u£ ar V al to blue and we a" blue and
te l n « m ? c ? simplicity. Ribbons are
$Fi3£i*&£*$L8r with bls *'*'
•«£* C > tor decoratln S shirt waists
wltn handsome squares is' trrowine
Squares of panne silk and squares of
Louisine with a flower in each square are
cut out and applied to shirt waists The
squares are blocks, two inches each way
just little square pieces, and they are put
on across the front of the waist of sum
mer gowns, two Inches apart. Three or
four will go across the bust. Below these
two or three are set in and then one to
finish the design. A little lace is nsed to
finish each square. The lace can be used
as an edging. They are called Grecian
squares.
Mrs. Chamberlain's Gowxu
"They are for spring and tall wmr,
tailor made gowns, replied th* customer
"Then, madame, I must decline to fill
your order," replied the designer, "for
much as I desire your patronage, I can
not risk nay reputation by making a fwn
now that Is to be worn next fall."
In reply to the astonished rasp* of him
patron the French dressmaker expLutaiM
that the styles were changing rapidly.
"Never," said he, in his most pollt*
French, "were they more transitory. Any
sleeve that I would make for 70a now
might be positively Oothlo In ta«
autumn."
Should this prediction coma tni*. Ch*r*
is this to be remembered, thatnerr**,
while important, are not a larm part of
the gown and can be easily chanced wtta
out Injuring the mode. . Any
seamstress will, in a few noun, runor*
a sleeve and substitute one to her patron's
The fluffy summer girl can look forward
to sleeves that are close upon th«'»nonl
der and to make this closeness more con
spicuous the seam is a little low.
At the same time the Glbsonlaa iboqMtr
Is seen and collars that are Ttrr yridm
give broadness to the shoulder. • in thl
lace collars project a little ©Vaf the
sleeve and there is a consequent sxmar*
ness.
The uppers of the sleeves are tight and
made tighter by cording and tucks, and
by bands of ribbon, and every devlpS t£at
can render them snug. They are SUfiit
woman's horror, for her arms mart b«
stuffed nto these flesh-like outlines/But
at the elbow the whole scene ohanjre* and
A Paris designer, being asked tb'«
spring to make up half a doa«n cloth
gowns for an American patron, refused
to do so.
"Does madame Intend to wear th*
gowns in the fall?" asked he.
Sleeves Are Changing*.
Still the flounced skirt la on view and It
may be that It will be here this fall.
Then goodrby hips, good-by to the
clinging skirt, good-by to everything w»
now adore, until - .the ruffles disappear
again.
It Is often as trying to be a guest as to
be the bride. I.ie bride ha3 her gown cut
out and prescribed for her. .But the
guest can go as she pleases. Of ten her
gown is not just as she would have cho
sen, for in this country there is certain)?
a lack of understanding as to the guwus
to be worn by the guests, say at a hign
noon wed dins.
"While the summer gown has fluffy ten
dencies, every effort will be made to give
height to the summer woman. The Prin
cess dress of printed goods, the Princess
in satin striped cotton, the Princess in
wash Louislne, will all be seen; as will
also the skirt that is cut of striped goods.
with the stripes running up and down.
There are also the skirts that twist
around the figure and make the woman
look very tall, the clinging sheath skirt.
. There is a growing tendency -to display
the ruffled skirt and a few of the very
advanced importers are bringing over
skirts that are flounced right up to the
waist in three-inch-wide flounces, just
such skirts 'as you once saw everywhere.
But the American woman Is a little
afraid of the ruffled skirt and Is begging
to be allowed to cling to her many gored,
tight-fltting one. with the fullness all
around the foot.
one who Is esthetically minded, or who
has 'a weddlnsr ahead of her.
16
THE FLUFFY EASTER GIRLVOLUME XCI.—XO. 120.
: In view of the above considerations I make
the request that I be authorized to proceed to
the Philippine' Islands, taking with me - ten
men whom I may select from Cuba and Porto
Rico, . whose assistance has been found useful
in promoting friendly relations between the
people of those Islands and the United States."
and ¦ who ; could ; properly explain to the Fili
pinos . the. benefits • their people have derived
through \ friendly relations with this country,
and. while. there. to give such directions as I
may deem advisable and Judicious for the best
disposition of the United States military forces
to the; end : that they, may occupy the mest
healthful | and : strategic^ positions, with due re
gard! to economy, and be afforded the greatest
comfort '. and -benefit; also to take . such .meas
ures • as will tend to .restore as far as pos
sible confidence ; to the people of those islands
and demonstrate that the purpose of our Gov
ernment is prompted by: the highest . sense, of
Justice, -and that on returning I ba authorized
to bring to'.the' capital eucn number of .rep
resentative Filipinos as I may. think advisable/
in.order.that they may see and know the ad
vantages of our civilization and * realize the
disposition, of .our Government toward them,
at the. eameHlme affording an ' opportunity : for
a - full '. consultation, \ whereby intelllKent and
Our. friendly; relations with the people of
Cuba and Porto Rico have been largely pro
moted by consultation with the representatives
of those islands here In Washington, both be
fore . hostilities occurred, during . the Spanish
war. and since, ' and I have never, found any
people, whether savage, seml-clvlllzed or civ
ilized, who . were no£ .benefited by candid,
frank and honest consultation and council.
with marked severity. More than 120,000
United States " troops have been at different
times -sent or are now under orders to go to
the Philippines,' and more than 40,000 still
remain , on duty thare, which service, with
the assistance of the naval forces. Involves an
enormous expenditure of public money, as well
as the loss of many valuable lives.
-During- the past "century thousands of In
dians, have been called to the capital for con
sultation and ; council, and I have, under au
thority, .sent t to. Washington many red-handed
representatives of . different tribes of Indians,
the result of which has been a reconciliation,
a restoration of ! confidence, the prevention of
war and the establishment and continuance of
peace .within the States and Territories. ;
Continued on Page Eighteen.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,' WASH
INGTON, Feb. 17, 1002.— The > Honorable the
Secretary of War— Sir: I have the, honor to
invite attention to a subject that I . have . had
under consideration for several months and ', to
request - that this letter ] be laid before • the
President. It is • now " three years since .'the
opening of hostilities bet ween thie ' forces of ' the
United States and ¦ those of •¦ the ' Philippine
Islands, and this warfare has' been conducted
MILES' PROPOSITION".
To the House of Representatives: In re
sponse ¦ to the following resolution of . the
House of Representatives of March 26, 1002,
"Resolved, That the President of ' the United
States , be and he Is hereby respectfully re-,
quested. If not incompatible ; with • public In
terests, to transmit to the House copies of all
correspondence relating to and papers bearing
on the matter of the reported request of Lieu- 1
tenant General Nelson A. Miles,- U. . S. ' A., ' to
be assigned to duty in the Philippine t Archly
p«la«o and to be allowed to - put into effect
.there a plan outlined by him to bring about
a cessation of hostilities,"; I 'transmit heiewlth'
copies of all the papers upon which • final ac-'
tion in the matter.. was taken.
?Since such final action and since the Intro
duction of said resolution'' a further, memoran
dum has been 'added tb'the' papers byXJeuten
ant General Miles, and ' I ; transmit " also a copy
thereof, together with' the action thereon. .
THEODORE - ROOSEVELT. .
Wnite House. March 29. 1902.
WASHINGTON. March 29.— The Presi
dent to-day sent- to the House of Repre
sentatives the correspondence and papers
bearing on the request. of Lieutenant Gen
eral Miles to be assigned to duty In the
Philippines. . The papers were sent to . the
House in response to a intro
duced by Burleson. of. Texas and passed
by that body. They are as follows:
Plan to Pacify Philippines.
Correspondence Concerning Miles'
PAPERS ARE | SUBMITTED.
notwithstanding the contrary report -In
circulation, remain as commanding gen
eral ! unless '- retired by - the ' President.
There j is . no • longer doubt : that the gen
eral's usefulness has gone, it is said, and
the President ; is prepared • to retire him
when a favorable opportunity' presents
Itself. ' •: •¦- ¦ ¦
cisapproval of his recommendation, even
the friends of General Miles do not see
how he can retain hit; present office. But
General Miles. It is stated to-niffht, will
still another rebuff. In view of this sharp
CALL BUREAU, 1406 . G
STREET, N. W., WASHING
TON, March 29.— Another ad
ministration rebuff to General
Miles was made public to-day,
when President Roosevelt in re
eponse to the Burleson resolution trans
mitted to the House the < correspondence
relating: to the commanding general's
proposition for bringing hostilities in the
Philippines to an end. The President gives
a final sting by concluding the entire cor
respondence between Secretary Root and
General Miles with this note:
"The memorandum of the Secretary of
War la approved as a whole and as} to
every part Had there been any_ doubt
before as to the wisdom of denying Gen
eral Miles' request,, these papers would
remove such doubt."
The only other part talten-by President
Roosevelt In the matter is a brief note of
approval of the Secretary's original action
w-tnd the message of -transmission; m which
/ the President states that he includes cer
tain additional memoranda added by Gen
eral Miles? $ince the .passage . of . the reso
lution, together with the action taken
The correspondence tos . read in the
House, ordered printed and referred to
the Committee on Insular Affairs. The
proposition of General Miles was to take
Cubans and Porto- Rlcans "with' him tcTiTie
Philippines, who were to act as mission
aries for purposes of pacification. Secre
tary Root opposed this on the ground
that it was "spectacular and sensational."
Other severe criticisms are made of the
commanding general in regard to his per
sonal conduct in the matter, particularly
to his efforts to obtain publicity. The Sec
retary says that the plans proposed would
only accomplish what is now being done,
and in the meantime would establish a
military dictatorship .and displace the
present civil and military authorities.
Not satisfied with this General Miles,
on March 24, renewed his request. It
met with the same fate and he suffered
COMMANDING OFFICER OF THEUNTTBD STATES ARMY AND THE COMMANDER IN. CHIEF AND THE HEAD
OF THE "WAR DEPARTMENT, WHOSE 'EXCHANGE OF CORRESPONDENCE AND- INTERESTING COM
MENT THEREON WAS SUBMITTED YESTERDAY TO THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
General Miles' Plan to Pacify the Philip
pines Brings Forth Sharp Comment.
ROOT AND ROOSEVELT
JOIN IN THE GRILLING
; -wrASHINGTQN, March 29.— It developed
to-day^ that. the $3000 necklace stolen from
a Pullman car running between Charles
ton;; S. C, - and; Jacksonville, . Fla., on
March 7, belonged to "Mrs. Harriet S.
Elaine Beale, daughter of the late>James
G. Blaine.' .; Mrs. Beale ¦ was en route to
Cuba, v accompanying? Miss Alice Roose
velt/, the ; PTesident'8 • daughter. ; The . au
thorities ' are , still \ without a, clew -to the
gems and 'the Identity^ of the thief.
Blaine's Daughter j Loses Gems.
WASHINGTON, March 29.— The Housq
devoted most of to-day to the bill In
creasing the efficiency of tne revenue cut
ter service, but did not complete Its con
sideration. The opening argument wa3
made by Sherman of New York^ Speeches
were made in its favor by Minor of Wfcs
con&in and H. C. Smith of Michigan, and
ag-alnst it by Richard3on of Alabama,
Little of Arkansas, Cochran of Ml»sourl
and Mann of Illinois.
Revenue Cutter Bill Argued.
LONDON, March 29.— According . to a
statement'. in f To-Day, Sir: Thomas Llpton.
is responsible Vor the idea, of King Ed
:ward's "coronation ' dinner to London's
poor. : - It was Sir Thomas", wislvto furnish
the money himself. ; He offered . to^ place ', a
sufflclcnt ; sum ; in the hands of a responsi
ble 'but 1 the. idea .seemed ; such
a happy; one ' that ; the V King ,- decided ' to
identify himself .personally ; with it ( and, to
supply the funds ! from the privy purse. j > It
was'. at -King "Edward's ! personal-; request
that ' Slri Thomas Lip ton - Joined v the com
mittee of ; Mayors,' who will I superintend
tha' dinner.'
Charity. Idea" Was Lipton's.
ROME, March 29.— The Pop* to-day pub
lished ; a : long encyclical letter, ; the tone
of which suggests r" testamentary recom
mendations. After ' thanking God for pro
longed life, he reiterates once; more the
teachings he has .already promulgated to
the Catholic world. He deplores the at
tacks ori the church and recent errors • of
humanity, . . instancing • divorce,, and ¦ pic
tures the present f condition of society, as
having drifted into * a state ; of anarchy.
He entreats the people to return to Christ
and the Roman pontiff as the only, sources
whence .the world can hope , to obtain
peace and: salvation.
Christ for Peace and Salva
tion.
Pontiff Entreats People to Return, to
POPE LEO DEPLORES
TENDENCY- TO ANARCHY
INDIANAPOLIS, March 29. — Herman
Liber, president of the North American
Turnerbund, said to-night that the bund
Is • about : to send • a large sum of money
to ; the Transvaal for the relief of the
women and children in the concentration
camps and for the furnishing of surgeons
and hospital supplies to the wounded
Boers. * This movement, to begin in this
city, -..will be extended over the country.
Liber said:
'"We shall make, a call on. all' our so
cieties in the United States to contribute
and'we have 40,000' members . from Boston
to San Francisco."
" : • Colony Boers.
LONDON, March 29.— A casualty list
published this afternoon records a hither
to unreported fight in the Rhenoster Val
ley, near Sutherland, Cape Colony, March
24," when the British were evidently se
verely handled. . They lost eight men
killed, had ten. men wounded and twenty
nine men were captured. The latter have
.since been released.
Twenty-Nine Captured by Cape
BRITISH LOSE MEN
IN A. SEVERE BATTLE
Eight Killed, Ten Wounded and
General Funston's health is much Im
proved' and ; he | Is "filling out again. He
says \ he ' feels much better j than he did,
barring a little weakness resultant on his
HEALTH IS IMPROVED.
-¦¦ '••¦¦: : . ¦. /:'. -¦- --¦ ¦ '¦ ¦ '
the ' parts ' that - modified the strongest
statements, and, of course, these emascu
lated versions left ( an unpleasant impres
sion upon- the minds \ of some people.
However, I will stand by all that I have
said/': -, ': ,• , / '.
No further particulars were received at
Big Piney, but a messenger was at one©
dispatched to the scene of the conflict to
secure further details of the battle. The
report that a battle had been fought in
the Upper Green River country caused no
surprise In Cheyenne, for the sheep and
cattle men of the section have been at
war over a division of the range for the
past two years. Several collisions have
occurred between the two parties, al
though until the present conflict no fatal
ities have resulted.
SALT LAKE, Utah, March 29.— A spe
cial to the Herald from Cheyenne, "Wyo.,
says: Late this afternoon a telephone
message was received from Big Piney, a
small town in Uintah County, stating that
a fierce fight occurred on the range near
there yesterday between cattle and sheep
men and that two brothers named Hall
hand been killed.
flict Over Division of Wyoming
Range.
Two Brothers Killed During a Con-
CATTLE AND SHEEP MEN
HAVE DESPERATE BATTLE
The general and his wife and family
are packing and getting ready to takes
the train for Denver, where they will live
as long as General Funston is in com
mand of the Department of * Colorado.
They will leave in five days, and Immedi
ately after their arrival General Funston
will take command, succeeding General
MacArthur, who has succeeded to com
mand of the Department of the Lakes.
time to consider the list of nam.es."
FAMOUS BRIGADIER GENERAL, AND HIS "WIFE AND CHILD, "WHOM
HE WILL TAKE TO DENVER, "WHERE HE HAS BEEN ORDERED
TO COMMAND DEPARTMENT OF COLORADO.
The Liberals hold now all the provinces
in the Department of Panama and have
about 5000 well-armed men and plenty, of
war materials. The t Government :? ha3
about 2000 men concentrated in Panama
and Colon. ! It is reported that Casanova
has been taken by the Liberals.
The advices further state that there was
great animosity against Senor Fernandez
for having threatened to shoot several
prominent Liberals imprisoned in Bogota.
Dr. Felipe Paul, an intimate ' friend of
Dr. Caro," ¦ who was recently appointed a
Minister of the Government, is supposed
to be now acting, as President of the re
public and .to have formed a new Min
istry entirely, opposed to Marroquln's pol
icy. It is believed that he may also call
a general convention and .thereby, bring
about much-desired peace arrangements,
giving the Liberal party a share in Gov
ernment affairs.
SAN JUAN ; DEL SUR, Nicaragua.
March 29.— Advices received by the steam
ship Aconcagua from Panama report im
portant news from Bogota to the effect
that Vice President Marroquin *has re
signed or has . been forced to hide* him
self, and that- Senor. Fernandez, Minister
of War, . has also left the Cabinet; t
Acting as Chief Ex
ecutive.
One of the Ministers Reported" to Be
VTCE PRESIDENT OUT
IN TROUBLED COLOMBIA
LONDON, March 29.— The correspondent
of the . Pall Mall Gazette at Rome,' re
ferring to the meeting between the Ger
man Imperial. Chancellor, Count .von Bu
low/ and the Italian Minister of Foreign
Affairs, SlgnorPrinetti,. says:
"They add the last .touches to the re
newal of the dreibund. The - most . im
portant modification of -the old treaty, so
far as' Italy is concerned, ' relates j to the
Mediterranean, Italy .'claiming, that if she
remains in' the triple alliance .her d politi
cal influence at Tripoli must be recognized
tlrid her : allies ; must': bind" themselves to
.help"; herein:' the. event of an attempt'of
any .'other . power to seize it, such an \ at
tempt 'being considered -a [ casus ! belli.
Although '.Tripoli is thus; recognized to be
in ,the : Italian ¦sphere, Italy has no inten
tion of iccupyine it.' "The. public Is wholly
against colonial . expansion, after '.the ex
perience : in \ Abyssinia," and ; the '.- Govern
ment "would be immediately overthrown' If
itrembarked ; on; : such; an
BERLIN, 'March'. 29.— Semi-official state
ments ¦; made" here .¦represent • the German
' Government ;'as . fully . satisfied ¦; with , trie
result : of ** the interviews ', between Count
' von \ Bulow :*¦'. and Slgnor Prlnettl, the'
Italian ¦ Minister ; .'of - Foreign '. ; Affairs, ; in
which all questions between Germany and
Italy, were i fully .discussed.'?. "While, the ne
gotiations were not i finished,'', it ' is now .re-;
garded here" as assured 1 that j through - r the
interview^ the renewal of the drelbund-will
sboh;be concluded. •
Conference Between. German Chan-;
cellor and Italian Minister Pro
: duces Satisfactory Results.. r
the capture of Aguihaldo," he said. '.!'He.
was captured, and that 'aught to end the
discussion. There is no such /thing as
ethics or kid gloves in war. If we were
fighting ; with a European ' nation -we ¦
might follow upon some agreed method of
warfare, but you can't do that with the !
Filipinos., They're too treacherous.^. They '
ambush you, ; they ; set spring guns "for. ,
you and. they massacre you, and you Have ;
toget even, with v them by practicing war
fare that '¦perhaps* it' not strictly ?in line'
with the kind. that -two civilized nations r
would employ. : • ; . ;'<> >.
IT WAS HIS PLAN, j !;
."The plan for' the capture of 'Agnlnaldo j
was agreed upon after a : careful discus- I
siori among the military" heads ; in .the \
islands. It was. my plan," and it was in- '
trusted to me to; carry .out. I carried it
out and met with the commendation; of
Generals- MacArthur and-.Wheaton, my '
superiors. Surely they know.. that all's
fair in war. There was nothing barbarous
about the apprehension of Agulnaldo. He
was the head and front of the i insurrec- .'
tion and it was necessary | to capture; him.
"The criticism that was indulged in over
my recent ' speech , as ;. to the j methods for
the subjugation of the ; natives is hot all
fain, There would probably : have been: no .
criticism if the.repofts of my speech had-
not been garbled. The reports left out
DREIBTJND'S RENEWAL . ;_;?\
. IS NOW WELL ASSURED
¦jjy^-^RIGADIER GENERAL, FRED
f • J& ERICK FUNSTON; is 'not. at
'J r"^^^< a11 disturbed over : the criti-
J - JB clsms '.that have 'jbeert; visited
«»-*^v^Vtipon : him for, the way he went
: . v .: • labout;the capture^of^Agulnal-^
do.;,;He 'said, yesterday at the Blankart
ho'me? J In' East Oakland, where he Joined
his wife and the infant General Funston
when - he came: from) an early, arriving
Santa Fe train from the East, that it is
useless to pay any attention to. things' that
have already been ' accomplished and are
past. ; . ' ; ' .
"What's the "use. of worrying about the
talk of people who really know nothing
about the situation In the ' Philippines or
Certain- German instructors who j were
formerly employed, in-; the .Chinese army
have requested their reinstatement, but
the officials replied that China had agreed
not to employ foreign instructors, on ac
count of the jealousies of the powers.
Nevertheless more Japanese officers re
cently joined Yuan Shi Kal's army. They
are wearing Chinese clothing and their
efforts have already, resulted in great im
provements in the equipment of the forces.
M. Lessar has been suggesting to Prince
Ching that . Thibet should tie granted in
dependence. 1 ' The Chinese believe that this
portends a Russian attempt to acQuiro
Thibet as ; compensation* for compromising
Russia's Manchiirian ambitions.
The Russians are not pressing the prop
ositions to give the Russo-Chinese Bank
exclusive mining and other rights in Man
churia, so, the powers are not likely to
oppose the signing of the Manchurlan
treaty, as now practically agreed upon
between Paul Lessar. the Russian Min
ister here, and Prince Ching, president of
the Chinese Foreign Office. The signa
tures will probably be attached in a few
days.
RUSSIA AJTTER THIBET.
The latest reports from Tamingfu say
the greatest" loss of life occurred during
the fight between Yuan Shi Kai's soldiers
and the . populace. ¦'- The Inhabitants of
several villages who were enlisted in 'the
so-called United Villagers' Society resist
ed the soldiers, but as most of the vil
lagers were armed only with spears, and
swords they suffered great slaughter.
The officials warn the missionaries to
keep out. of the disturbed district. Such
resistance to the payment of missionary
claims is to be expected in localities where
the population is poor and large sums are
levied.
Soldiers have been dispatched to quell
the disturbances and a taotai has been
sent to adjust the differences.
MISSIONARIES ARE WARNED.
PEKING, March ,29.— Chinese officials
say that 1000 people have been killed in
riots at Tamlngfu, the southernmost pre
fecture of the province of Chill. This Is,
perhaps, an exaggeration, but the loss of
life was undoubtedly great. The riots
were due to attempts of local officials to
collect indemnities for the Catholics,; as
arranged between the officials , and trie
priests. , . .
Villagers With Spears
Are Slaughtered
by Troops.
Resistance Is Made
to Collection of
Indemnity.
"He hasn't felt the need of a name yet,"
General Funston Sr. says. "I haven't
heard him complain. He will probably
worry along nameless for a week or two
yet. ' Neither his mother nor I have had
Three months and ten days have passed
over the head of General Funston Jr., but
he is still without a Christian name. His
father says he doesn't think they will
name him until they get to the new post
at Denver.
long^ Illness. The wound left by the oper
ation for appendicitis that was performed
in the island bothered him a little in the
East, and at Kansas City he had to un
dergo a slight operation. It is this last
from which he is recovering.
Hundreds Meet Death
During Riots
in Chili.
"I Will 'Standby All ' 1 Have Said/' Philip
pine Warrior TeHs Interviewer.
GEN. FUNSTON DECLARES
THAT HE STANTED FACTS
CHINESE
SLAIN By
SOLDIERS
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SA^T FRANCISCO," SUNDAY, MARCH 30, 1902—FOIITY PAGES.
The San Francisco Call.
Pages- 17 to 28
Pap 17 to .28KINGSTON, Jamaica, March. 29.— The
Colonial Secretary, Joseph Chamberlain,
replying to 'a f memorial from the elected
members of '. the Legislature, says that,
with all ' will toward the people of
Jamaica and their representatives, he
cannot ¦: consent to the - new constitution
until the existing conditions have been
given a fair and adequate trial. General
oisappolntment is expressed over Cham
berlain's reply.
Chamberlain ' Displeases Jamaica.
• In pursuance of . these requ««ts. I artd with a
view of considering the advisability of. the or
ganization' of a national league,. I hereby cell
a meeting of those Interested • in the subject at
the Orand Pacific Hcjel. Chicago, 111., on April
10, 1002, at the hour of. 11 o'clock p.. m., to
consider the advisability cf forming a national
organization. All manufacturers and others
Interested In our foreign trade ' are respect
fully Invited to send delegates to this meeting.
' - ¦W.E.STANLEY.
President Wsstern Tieclprocity League.
On the 22d day of January, 1002. the . West
ern Reciprocity League was formeyl. The in
terest In the movement" has extended entirely
beyond the territory covered by the original or
ganization, and I have received many letters
and personal requests arklng me to call a
nutting in one of the Western cities for the
purpose of enlarRlr.c the organization, with a
view of making: It national In Its character and
giving it wider Influence.
TOPEKA. Kans., March 29. — Governor
Stanley, president of the .Western Re
ciprocity League, to-night Issued the toU
lowing call: A
TOPEKA. Kan., March 29. 1902
Persons Interested in Foreign Trade
Are Asked to Gather in
Chicago.
BECIPEOCIT Y j ADVOCATES , '
CALLED INTO CONTEBENCE
CHARLESTON, S.'C, March 29.—Presi
dent ¦ Roosevelt has decided to visit the
exposition at .Charleston on Wednesday
April ; 9. He will leave Washington on
Monday afternoon, April 7/ reach Charles
ton Tuesday morning, April. 8,. and spend
the day ¦ in -visiting the site of the navy
yard,; the /fort and the jetties/.
r Tuesday night he will be entertained at
dinner, by. the city of Charleston. While
the dinner is in progress Mrs. - Roosevelt
-will grve- a' reception rtd : the .ladies of I the
Women's. Department of the Exposition
and their invited guests. On Wednesday,
April 9, the President will be escorted to
These pensions were granted: California
—Original— James Conway, Veterans'
Home, Napa, $8. • Increase— John' Doylei
Dixon, $8; Daniel D. Paxton. Vallejo, J8;
Louis M. Braunlich. Santa Clara, $8; An
ton Woodln, Soldiers* Home, Los. Ange
les, $12; Sllad E. Pearson, San Bernardino,
$12; Antonio Donatella, National Military
Home, Los . Angeles, $12; John W. Jones
Eureka, $10; Maurice McDonald. Veterans'
Home, Napa, $12. . Widows— Melissa J.
Groves, Healdsburgr, JS; Janet Laws, San
Francisco, $S; Sarah A. Messersmith, San
Francisco, JS., >
Oregon— Original— Kinsey Cahill, Port
land, $8. . Increase-^ Anderson v C. Smith
Enterprise. $12; William W.' Stocl-ton'
Sheridan, $8. *
Washington— Original— War with Spain
— Sidney E.: Thompson, Dayton ?S.
PRESIDENT DECIDES 1 ¦ {
TO VISIT ' CHARLESTON"
Poatmaaters commissioned, California—
Harry .-Hall, Balls Ferry. Oregon— Jud
son P. Van Houten, Hay Creek; James E.
Sew6U,- Arko;- Samuel D. King:, Audrey.
Washington— Mary J. Lewis, Douglas;
Charles J.,- Alyea, Alyea.- Appointed, Cal
ifornia— I. J. Waters, Somersville, Contra
Costa County, vice A. V. Harris,' resigned.
Oregon — George Howe. VanHarney Coun
ty, vice M. E.Holebos, resigned. Wash
ington—J. E. Jones, Grant, Mason Coun
ty,-vice J. H. Belle, resigned; W. J.
Wright, Grove, Mason County, vice H.
W. Martin, resigned; P. S. : Kiner, Ley,
Lincoln County, vice K. C. Ley, resigned;
L. M. Mclntyre, Ravensdale, King Coun
ty, vice W. C Jones, resigned. • • ¦•.,.;..:
WASHINGTON, March 29.— The Post
onlce. Department to-day announced the
following: Postofflces established: Ore
gon — Audrey, Baker County. Name
changed, Washington — .Wills, Stevens
County, to Alyea. , — . ,
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
President and hig party wfll.be taken to
the tea farm and afterward to the beau
tiful magnolia.- gardens on the Ashley.
Thursday evening the party -will leavo
for Washington, arriving at the national
capital early Friday morning.
the exposition grounds • by .a great mili
tary procession in which the soldiers of
Charleston and the visiting soldiers from
North Carolina and the other Southern
States will take part. ••'
On Thursday morning, April 10, the
The custom of writing foolish begging
letters to the Emperor', has become so
prevalent in German schools that a warn
ing has been sent out that' it. must stop
or fines will be inflicted. -
HANOVER, Prussia, March 29.— Prince
Derneburg, better known as Count von
Muenster-Ledenburg, who had been dur
ing the course of his career German Em
bassador to France, Great Britain and
Russia, Is dead. He was born in London
December. 3. 1820. . . . -j
Count von Muenster-Ledenburg.
; LONDON, March 29.-Sir Sidney Go
dolphin Alexander Shippard, formerly
Judge of the Supreme Court of Cape Col
ony and who had held various other posi
tions in South Africa, is dead. ..'....
Sir Sidney G. A. Shippard.
LONDON, March 29.— William Stephen
Temple Gore-Langton, fourth Earl Tem
ple, died at Cairo, Egypt, yesterday, morn
ing. He was born in 1817. ' - v
n- — ,...'. — : — ~
William S. T. Gore-Langton.
Full amnesty is granted to all the in
habitants of the Islands on account of
political offenses and the bearing of arms
against the United States. Within nlxty
days from the election of officers uivler
the Philippine constitution and their in
auguration the President is to cause the
armed f orces of the United States to' be
withdrawn from the archipelago as speed
ily.as possible.
: It is thpn to be the duty of the Presi
dent of the United States to issue his
proclamation, declaring the Independence
cr the people of the archipelago. The
President is also authorized and request
ed to negotiate an agreement between the
United States and the Philippine archipel
ago and Great Britain. Germany, Prance
and such other powers as he may deem
best, providing for the perpetual neu
trality and inviolability from all foreign
interference within the territory of the
archipelago and also for equal opportun
ities to trade between the archipelago and
foreign countries. •. .
Firet— That there shall belong to the United
State* and continue to be the property tnereof
such lands and waters as tlio President of the
Lnitfd States shall Jeslgnate to the said con
vention .for- naval, military and coaling sta
tions ar.d facilities for submarine
cables, the same to continue under the control
and s-.verelgnty of the United States.
"EcronC— To-rarrrlnto elect the treaty obli
gations of; tha United States with the King
dom of S^ain and for the maintenance and
protection of all rizhts and property acquired
und»r the authority of the United States.
' Third-— That no inhabitant of said archlpel
ag-o rhall ever be molested in uerson or prop
crtj- fls.accouat-o£ his gr her adherence to thf
United States.
To. form a constitution and' organize such
government as they may deem best adapted to
promote the -welfare and secure the peace and
happiness of the inhabitants of sal* islands;
provided, .that said convention ehall provide
by an ordinance Irrevocable without the con
sent of the United States:'
A constitutional convention is provided
for, the members of which are to be se
lected .by voters who speak and write the
English. Spanish, or any of the languages
of, the archipelago. This convention is to
number 200 persons and lg to meet in MV
•nila, not more than a year from the ces
sation of hostilities in the islands.
This convention is to proceed
It provides, subject to provisions which
are set forth, that the United States shall
relinquish all claims of sovereignty over
the Philippine archipelago, but that the
United States shall continue to occupy
and govern the archipelago until the peo
ple thereof shall establish a government
and until sufficient guaranty has been ob
tained for the performance of our treaty
obligations with Spain and for the safety
of those inhabitants who have adhered to
the United States and for the maintenance
and protection of all rights which have
accrued under the authority thereof. •
WASHINGTON, March 29.— The' Dem
ocratic- members of the Senate Committee
on the Philippines to-day agreed -upon a
substitute for the Philippine government
to be offered by them.
Payne would not outline his plans be
yond Monday, but it is understood to be
the purpose not to take up the bill on
the floor of the House next week, as the
sundry civil approtf-iation bill la expected
to be considered, leaving the Cuban
measure to come up the following week.
"Wnile xio specific claims were made, it
was well understood among the Ways
and Means leaders that reliance could
be placed upon nine Republican members'
of the committee, or just one more than
a majority. Aside from this the inquiries
of the AVaj-s and Means leaders led them
to believe that four and "possibly five'
Democratic votes would be given to the
bill. Their desire, however, had been to
report the measure without any reliance
on the minority, and this they are now
confident of being able Xo do. There was
some prospect, however, of the pairing of 1
members, which might reduce the total
strength on each side, -but in such equal
ratio that the reciprocity measure would
continue to have sufficient Republican
votes to report it without amendment.
"WASHINGTON, March 29.— Chairman
Payne of the Ways and Means Commits
tee announced to-day that a special
meeting of the committee would be held
at 10:30 a. m. on Monday to consider the
Cuban reciprocity bill. The announce
ment was made after the situation had
been thoroughly canvassed by Payne and
his lieutenants, and they had satisfied
themselves that the Payne bill, granting
20 per cent tariff concessions to Cuba,
commanded sufficient strengrth to be re
ported f iom the committee by i Republi
can votes. Payne's announcement
brought assurance that the long and-bit
terly fought contest was nearing ¦ its
close . in a way satisfactory to the
reciprocity advocates.
Form of Government Is
Agreed Upon by Demo
cratic Senators.
Payne Seerus Confident
Cuban Tariff Will Be,
Reduced.
" In connection with my letter and the in
dorsements thereon, I desire, to say that' I
regret that the honorable; Secretary should
have been under the impression that a prtpo
nltlon that \vas prompted in the Interest of
hutranity would in any way be regarded afl
"spectacular and setiF&tinnal." I should not
anticipate any such result.- I would. call at
tention to the laet page of my letter, in which
1 distinctly paid: "This need not reflect in the 1
slightest decree upon the services ofHhe mili
tary nor interfere with the civil • governments
that have been or may be established.".'. I
think it will be admitted that no such . ob
jection wan ever raised by any ! of the . Gov
ernors of States or Territories, or department
commanders/ when the numerous Indian dele
gations left their territory , to come , to Wash
ington. .¦-...'.
I would also call attention to the fact that
last winter, while on an official visit to Cuba,
I was appealed to by members of the con
stitutional convention who said "they winhad
to communicate directly with the President,
and I advised them w make such a request.
On returning to Washington.- 1; reported the
In accordance with the verbal message re
ceived from Colonel Carter through Mr.
Brandt, a clerk in the adjutant general's of
fice, I have the honor to return my letter of
February, .1002, with indorsements thereon.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY, WASH
INGTON, March 24, 1002— ReBpectfully sub
mitted to the Secretary of War:
WRITES SECOND LETTER.
Aarlano Crlsostomo. fiscal of Bulacan; Jose
M. Lemero, provincial secretary of Bataan;
Sofia Alancly, fiscal of Tayabas, were all Con
gress-nun at Malolos. ¦' ' • . . ,' ¦
Mariano Cunanan, ¦ Provincial Secretary of
Fampanga, was a major in the revolutionary
army.'. .. - - '. : ...
Daniel Tirona, Provincial Secretary of Ca
vite, was Aguinaldo' s flrst Secretary of » War
and commanding general of the revolutionary
forces In the province of Cagayan. ••. ¦ ¦
Arsenio Cruz Herrera. presldente • of * the
municipal board, of Manila, ! was a member of
the Malolos congress and 'Assistant Secretary
of the Interior. . : ".
Jose Alejandrlno, city engineer la- Manila,
was a general of the revolutionary army.
Modesto Reyes, City Attorney of Manila, was
a member of the Filipino junta in Madrid. .
Mariano Trias, Governor of Cavite. ' was a
commanding general of,the revolutionary forces
of Southern Luzon, Secretary of the Treasury
a.nd Secretary of War. •.¦;.•.
-Jose Seraphlo, Governor of Bulacan, was a
colonel of the revolutionary army. - ': ' ...: .
¦ Gracio Gonzales. Governor of Casayan was
a member of the revolutionary congress and
Secretary of the Interior. - . . •
, Ambrosio : Flores, Governor of Rlzal. was- a
general. ot the revolutionary army, member of
the revolutionary congress and Assistant Sec
retary of War. ; . . • ¦
Gregorlo Araneta, Solicitor General, was
Secretary of Justice and member of the Malolos
congress. : -
• Martin Daleado, Governor of Hollo, was a
commanding . general : of the . revolutionary
forces in the island of Panay. ••-.
Trinidad H. Pardo dfe Tavera, Commissioner
was Assistant Secretary of State in the flrst
Cabinet of the -revolutionary Government at
Malolos and member of Its Congress.
Benlto Legarda, commissioner, was assistant
secretary of the treasury under the .same gov
ernment and vice president of Its congress.
Job* Luzeragal, commissioner, was president
of the revolutionary congress of the island of
Nezros.' •. • -• - ' • ¦. .,.¦¦¦ . ••
Felipe Biiencamino, member of- tiie - civil
service board, was counselor of Agulnaldo in
Cavite. member of the congress of MalolOsand
Secretary of Fomento in Malolos and Secre
tary of State In San Isldro de Nueva Ecija
Felipe XL. Roxasa, Judce. was a member, of
the Filipino Junta in Paris.
Ignaclo Billamor, Judge, w.as a member of
the Malolos congress. -. : -,-'.•.
Victorlno Mapa, Associate .Justice, was coun
selor of the revolutionary Government in the
island Of Panay. .
C. S. Arellano, Chief Justice of the Supreme
Court, was Secretary of State in the flrst
Cabinet of the revolutionary Government.
Florentino Torres. Associate- Justice, was
chairman of a board to confer with another
presided -over by General Hughes before the
outbreak of hostilities between Americans and
Filipinos.
List of men who have, served under AgTilri
aldo and at present hold positions of trust un
der the American Government:
SECBETARY IS UPHELD.
Conclusions of the Secretary of War are
hereby, approved.
THEODORE ROOSEVELT.
White House, .Washington, D. C, March 6,
FRAME SYSTEM
FOR PHILIPPINES
GETS MAJORITY
FOR CONCESSION
THE DAY'S DEAD.
There; are many circumstances which
rr>ight be cited to strengthen the impres
sion -that', an early change' ts inevitable.
One of the strongest indications that the
President Is not satisfied with the present
condition of affairs at the Interior De
partment is to be found in the fact that
on several occasions recently he ha3
called up cases passed upon by Secretary
Hitchcock and reversed his rulings. In
stead of conferring with the Secretary on
questions relating to the Interior Depart
ment", the President has on more than
one occasion Ignored him and consulted
subordinates without his knowledge.
While there- has never been a close per
sonal friendship between the President
and Hitchcock, the President has been
disinclined to act upon the suggestions re
peatedly made by leading Republicans of
the West urging the .retirement of the
present Secretary of. the Interior. The
light, upon Hitchcock commenced before
President McKinley died, and It la doubt
ful if Hitchcock would have remained
long in the Cabinet had McKinley lived.
While there are no specific ' charges
against Hitchcock .which would justify
his summary removal, it is generally con
ceded that he Is not a popular official. It
is known that the President/is looking the
field over for his successor^ and a num
ber of names have been quietly discussed
by the President «and those '.enjoying his
confidence. ._• "- v v
"It begins to look as though Hitchcock
is waiting for a brick house to tumble on
him before he realizes that his absence
from the Cabinet table can be easily en
dured." _ 1; .
A Western Senator, , who Is said to be
urging an .early change in the Interior
Department, In referring to this subject
recently remarked:
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON, March 29.-In spite
of persistent denials, the official days of
E. A." Hitchcock as Secretary of the In
terior in President Roosevelt's Cabinet are
numbered. Delicate hints have been re
peatedly dropped to, personal friends of
Secretary Hitchcock that the latter's res
ignation would not be regarded as a seri
ous blow to the administration, but thus
far lie appears to have been too busily
engrossed in other matters to observe
the "typewriting on the wall" which is so
apparent to those who have watched the
somewhat strained relationship between
the administration and ¦ the Secretary, of
the Interior.
Sseclal Dispatch to The Call.
Interior Secretary Want
ed Out but Doesn't
• Know It.
fact to President McKinley and urged that
he grant their request, should it be made. I He
did so,' and . the : delegation- came to Washing
ton. The result was gratifying, not only to
our Government authorities but to the people
of Cuba^as well. : All : this was done without
the slightest reflection pn Major General Wood
or objection on • his part, as far as I know. •.
Reierrlng to that part of my: communication
which states that the warfare in the Philip
pine Islands had been conducted witn marked
severity and to the remarks of the honorable
Secretary , on that point, it is proper to . say
that If had in mind such information as is con
veyed in the letter of , Governor W. H. Taft,
addressed to the honorable Secretary, dated
Washington, Feruary 7, 1902, as well as other
communications that have been 'referred to
these headquarters, or received by me.
Concerning my going to the Philippines it
; was my purpose nearly a" year ago to do so,
and'thls was with ths knowledge of the Secre
tary of War and the approval of the, late Pres
ident McKinley, but the Journey. was postponed
in consequence. of the increase in and.reorgani
zation of the army.
.The suggestion contained In my letter that In
going to the Philippine Islands I take certain
natives of Cuba and Porto Rico and on return
ing bring back certain of those of the Philip
pine; Islands was prompted by my belief that
the- result would-be satisfactory to all con
cerned. Since this measure is not deemed ad
visable I do not ask for its lurther considera
tion and, making my delayed visit to the Phil
ippines, which I hope to do in the near future,
I rhal! devote my attention to tho condition arid
rc-CiUirenunts of the trocps in that division,, the
sane as I have in respect to the other portions
ol tiie army. NELSON A." MILES.
Lieutenant General Commanding U. S. A.
SOME POINTED REMARKS.
AVAR DEPARTMENT, WASHINGTON,
March 25, 10C2.— Several weeks after the final
disposition of the : within application by the
action of the President on the Cth of .March,
and after, the. introduction of a resolution . in
Congress calling for. the papers! the lieutenant
general attached to them a statement dated
March 24, 19U2, with the apparant purpose of
showing, that the action taken was wrong.
Without commenting upon the propriety of a
military, officer undertaking ta review the action
of the President, I again submit the paper tor
such reconsideration as the President may think
a , .?v le> with the remarks:
1. 1 he, delegation trom Cuba referred to in
this paper consisted of public officers. with de
nnea powers, charged, with the performance of
a specific duty as official representatives of the
people ot Cuba t^d appointed by the constitu
tional convention* elected by that people. The
t residents consent to receive the committee
was asked for by General Wood through the
becretaiy^of War and was communicated to
General .TSood by the Secretary of War, who
ne\er heard General Miles' name mentioned In
connection with the transaction.
m"i" ¦¦"J*' 18th ° r J n[ y W00. General
Miles applied to be sent to the Philippines and
to China -in his official capacity. At that tim»
ral MaoArthur had reported that not a
single.additional regiment could be spared from
the Philippines without putting our interests
there in Jeopardy, and had shown the reasons
and the gravity O f the situation there In dis
patches which had- passed through General
Miles office. In- the lace of these dispatches
General Miles accompanied his application by
a recommendation that 15.000 troops be with
drawn from the Philippines, and be sent to
?S, n »K.',. ° withdrawal or lS.Ooy troops from
the Philippines would have made necessary the
practical abandonment of a large part of the
country, and the restoration of insurgent con
trol therein. At least two-thirds of the 15.000
were wholly unnecessary in Cnina, unless
for the purpose of. enabling the United States
to furnish a greater number of troops tnan
any/European power and uppn that ecore to
claim the supreme command of the allied
forces. The application and recommendation
were in fact accompanied by a request from
General Miles that such supreme command of
the allied forces should be obtained for him.
Lnder.tKe circumstances, President McKinley
declined to authorize the sending of General
Miles either to the Philippines or to China. A
year afterward the Secretary 'of War author
ized the lieutenant general to extend his in
spection tour to the Philippines tor the pur
pose of inspection only. He has never been
authorized to go for any other purpose. The
question whether the order which the lieu
tenant general asks sending him to ths Philip
pines would Interfere with the present military
and civil control must be determined, net by
what the application says about the order, but
by the terms of the proposed order itself. .The
lieutenant general asks authority "to give
such, directions as I (he) may deem advisable
and Judicious for the best disposition of the-
United States military forces." ¦ '
That, : of course, ¦ means to command General
Chaffee, and he asks authority ' 'also to take
such measures as will tend to restore as far
as possible confidence to the people of those
lslands.-^anil demonstrate, that- the purposes of
our Government are prompted by the highest
sense of Justice." „;,.:.', '.-.
That means, if it means anything, authority
to do himself, or .to require the civil officers of
the Philippines to ,do under his direction, the
very duties which were charged upon the Phil
ippine Commission and the Civil Governor In
the islands by President McKinley and which
they are now engaged in doing. The authority
asked is not to recommend, but to take meas
ures. If the measures to be taken are. to be
determined by General Miles.-. then the power
of the commission to determine . upon them
must end. There is no place .for any such au
thority under the present government, and it
It were to be granted the system »f civil gov
ernment by which we' have ".gradually and
steadily superseded military control and; have
superseded it throughout • the greater part of
the archipelago, would again be .subordinated
to military power and the! people of the islands
would be subjected to the arbitrary control
of amflitary dictator. ; U£ '."•-.' ¦¦• ' 1 :!;* ;:..',
REMOVES -ALL., DOUBT.
The reference in the . memorandum to ' the
letter of Governor Taft to - the Secretary' of
War. dated February 7, 1902; • is- to a- - letter
transmitting, for the purpose of investigation
by the military- authorities, a report by the
Civil . Governor , of the • province Of Tayabas,
containing in general terms and without speci
fications or names serious charges against the
military/ administration .in that- province 'and
against the conduct of the" army generally in
its relations to the civil Government! '- This re
port was onthe 10th of February Bent" to Gen
eral Chaffee, ' with the following, directfon :
'iThere is so much contained in this report re
flecting not only upon offlceraof. the .army
but ..the general . conduct of affairs and the ad
ministration of -the- military, branch "of the
Government that the- Secretary, of -War desires
you to cause a carcfur inquiry to be made oon
cerning these statements, itnd If they be found
true that the necessary administrative and
disciplinary measures be 'applied to correct
these evils and also- to make a full report of
It is not peroelved that any additional bene
fit would be obtained by taking delegations of
Cubans and Porto Ricans to the Pnilippines,'
or by bringing delegations from the Philippines
to the United States, in advance of the choice
of olflcial delegates provided lor by the bill
now pending In Congress. On the other hand
it would be very dltticult to keep such a pro
ceeding free from spectacular and sensational
features, which would be injurious.
It is not the fact that the warfare in the
Philippines has been conducted with marked
severity; on the contrary the warfare lias been
conducted with marked humanity and mag
nanimity on the part of the United States
army. . . ELIHU ROOT,
•¦ ¦'¦• ¦ ¦ ¦ Secretary of .War.
I append hereto a list of twenty-three of
ficers of the Insurrectionary government who
now hold positions of trust under our Govern
ment. Aguinaldo himself has^taken the-posi
tion of earnestly urging his countrymen to ac
cept our -sovereignty, and. most of them havo
already followed his advice. -
-» : ¦• '.War .Department,
. * WASHINGTON, March ;5, ly<r_\
Respectfully forwarded, to the .President, dis
approved. - V - v --•'- \~ ;.¦¦.'' ¦¦
The conduct cf .military affairs in the Phil
ippines by General-- Chattee and his predeces
sors and 'the conduct of civil affairs by. Gov
ernor Taft ana his associates in the Philip
pines Commission, have been able and succeso
fui. Much more rapid progress has been rnaae
toward the complete - acceptance of American
sovereignty, the, restoration of peace and the
establishment of clvU government tiian we ha<i
any right to anticipate when the treaty of
peace of Paris was ratified. Tne piau pro
posed In the within paper involves practically
bupergeding the officers mentioned in the-ecn
trul which they now exercise. Not uuly is this
without justincation in their conduct, but I
should regard it as a most unfortunate inter
ference or the .'present satisfactory ¦ progress.
There have been exceedingly full, extended and
long continued consultations under counsel be
tween the Government of the United States and
leaders of opinion among; the insurrectionary
Filipinos, resulting in a .full understanding anj
most friendly feeling betiVeen by far the great
er portion of the Filipino beople and ourselves,
ana a participation by many members of the
Agulnaldo government in the civil government
under 'American government.
DISAPPEOVED BY BOOT.
Should this. request be approved, I am 1 con
fident it would result in. a better condition of
our military forces- in ¦ that -division, in the
cessation of hostilities within a reasonable
time, thereby permitting the return of a large
number of our troops " t'rem those remote and
unhealthful. stations., and, I .should hopa. «n
an amicable adjustment of affairs in those
islands, which would be satisfactory, to the
Inhabitants thereof, .- as:- well as to the people
of the United States. Very respectfully,
NELSON A. MILKS.
Lieutenant General, Commanding United State«
Army. - • . ... • - . • . . -
By this means' we would be fully informed
of the condition and wants of the people . of
those islands ¦ and .they, on the other hand,
would become fully apprised of the. purposes
and final disposition of our Government towaru
them. This need , not reflect in the slightest
degree upon the -services of ' the military, ncr
Interfere With the civil governments that, have
or may be. established. ¦, v* ;
definite action may be taken concerning their
luture destiny. It is confidently believed that
such measures could then be taken a3 would
be satisfactory and beneficial to ths ten millioni
of inhabitants of the islands and highly cred
itable to our Government. '
HINTS ARE LOST
ON HITCHOCOCK
WHITE HOUSE. WASHINGTON, March 29,
1002. — vThe memorandum of the Secretary of
War .is - approved as a. whole and as to -every
part/ Had there been* any doubt before as to
the wisdom of denying General Miles' request
these papers would remove such doubt
- . THEODORE ROOSEVELT.
As the lieutenant general's memorandum of
March 24 was not made until after the in
troduction,of a resolution In the House of Rep
resentatives calling for all correspondence and
papers In the matter of j his application to K)
to . the Philippines, the putting . into these
papers of the specific reference, to the letter
transmitting the charges, plainly evinces a de
sign to procure the publication of the charge*
and of the lieutenant general's acceptance
thereof aa- true, In advance of the investiga
tion of their truth, and of a report thereon by
General Chaffee. In the interest of good .dis
cipline and effective service such a course is
much to be regretted. Such charges ought not
to be published against our countrymen, whom
we have sent to labor and fight under our flag
on the other, side of the world before they can
be heard in their own defense. -
EL.IHU ROOT, Secretary of War.
Governor Taft's letter shows that the -civil
Governor of the Philippines was unwilling to
accept the . charges - as true without an in
vestigation. ¦ ¦ . •
¦ There has not yet. been time for the'report
to be made, and -the 'direction for the inves
tigation can only just now have reached Ma
nila. ' It is to be regretted that the reference
to the highest ranking officer in the army should
assume the truth of charges reflecting'upon the
credit of the 'army "In advance of the investi
gation -which • has been ordered and without
Kivlng General Chaffee, upon whose particular
command* the charges reflect, an opportunity to
be heard.
the - investigation herein directed as soon as
possible." ¦ :^ ... - ; .
Continued From Page Seventeen.
ROOT AND PRESIDENT ROOSEVELT
JOIN IN THE GRILLING OF MILES
18
THE SAN FRANCISCO .CALL,, SUNDAY,. MARCH 30, 1902.
:•, ;• ADVEETISE3dENTS^ : ' ¦¦¦'¦¦&£
Scrofula
;.;It is cpmmonly inherited. ¦• \
Few are entirely free from it.
Pale,, weak, / ; puny ¦ 'children • ate*
afflicted with it in riirie cases out of .ten,
and many adults suffer from it.*.. '.. .
Common indications are . '. bufiches in
the neck/ abscesses, 'cutaneous eru0-
tions; inflamed eyelids,', sore . ears,, ric-
kets, catarrh, wasting," and general de-
bility/... s / ., : '¦ :, ."'-.,.. .":¦;.'¦. '^y~t
HoocFs Sarsaparitta
and Pitts
Eradicate it, positively and. absolutely.
This statement is,-based'_}on the^thou-
sands of permanent, cures . these" medi-
cines have wrought. .
Testimonials of remarkable cures mailed on
request. C. I. HOOD CO.. Lowell. Mass. .
¦HSSBHHEBBBBHBBHBBH BBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBB
H . .. »-7L .¦.!<' • .,"»¦'..¦< . -.:¦¦¦ ¦ '- .'-¦'•'¦'¦
S Special This Week
I ?TELEPHONE YOUR ODDER AND IT WILL BE DELIVERED PROMPTlxi
g ,| PfiOME No. SOUTH 756. . ;5J i j
S LIEBIG'S MALT EXTRACT. ......... 15c, 61.75 dozen
S SOZODOBT/. ............... . . . . .' ...... . ...... . A5c
m Regular pries 20c • -'
I PERUNA. .: . . . .;. . ...... . . .85c, 4 bottles $3,00
a TRUSSES. . ......" /. . . . ............. .from $1;OO
S3 ' ' ¦ ••••.- : ' ; "
20 per cent, discount on Cameras j Eyes examined free by an espcr
B and Photo Supplies. I. optician, always in attendance.
j IL e NO PERCENTAGE DRUG GO.
I 949-951 Market Street.
BflflflflflflflBflBBB^BaHHHkMfeHHMHBMIMHBBBRHBaBMfeBi^^^Htf^^^flflBBBflBflfll
H v. ' ' • we arvE 'trading stamps.-
q Ba&aBBflBEaBBBaBaBBaaaii Eaaaen a h s a ssaafl «ss2isa
Alt VEKTISEMENTS.
Ladies Cure ¦
Tobacco Habit
Mrs. Ennna Wing, Mendon, Mich.,
Tells How Easily It Can Be
Done Secretly at Home. -
Trial Package Mailed Frte to All "Who Send
Name tni Addrezi.
"The one box cf Tob&eco-Speeine you Bent
xnf- over three months afro cured my husband
entirely of cherrlnff and smoking, and he has
Ho Ear* Seek* cr Dirtj Spittcoas ia Oar Hoae.
not used tobacco since. Tou remember. I had
to give the medicine to him on the «ly, in, his
coffee. It is the nicest tobacco cure In the
* orid. It rarc<! ¦ my husband's life. " How
tbenkful I am to you for your remedy. Before
I gave him the Tobacco-Specific hie heart was
¦o baa that he could not sleep of nights, and
h* was troubled with his bovrels most of the
time. We thought his nerves were gone but
they were not, for Tobacco-Specific • brought
them back as quiet aa a child's. He eWps
now like a. loa*. and looks bo well that every
one epeaks about it." — Mrs. Emma Win*.
Men, who have emoked and chewed tobacco
lor y«ar» have marveled at this easy way . to
quit tobacco. Cigarette fiends who have tried
without result all the drugs and anti-tobaccos
known have found their desire 1 _for tobacco in
•ny form entirely vanished in a few days with
this wondft-ful remedy so that tobacco is posN
t.vely distasteful to them. -Write Rogers Drug
and Chemical Co.. 3247 Fifth and Hace'St*..
Cincinnati. O-, for a free trial package and
see bow easy it is to quit tobacco. You, can
put It In any food or drink without any danger
t>t discovery, for it Is tasteless . and harmless*
fcut it cures forever and at one* all desire for
the tobacco In any 'oral. '
__DB. PIEBCE'S EEMEDIES.
LIGHT' XN&B&R&,
Day and night, sunshine and shadow
fare not more different from each other
than a healthful from a sickly woman.
The healthful woman carries light and
sunshine with her -wherever she eoes.
woman,
£?t^>J?$*''*& Wi*Mw f rom
V^ °? her Ow ° k a p"
i£5 &a$r& "^ vlllli P' ncss au o- the
\j$&P«* JNii^ ¦ * ia pp'° ess of
. n*j?^j -^^r ot^ ers - 'She
V§||f Jbii*"' cannot help it.
WSr f^S^j^ Those who suf-
>^\ f e f cannot
tii i. 11 • smile and sing.
Ill-health in woman is generally trace-
able to disease of the delicate womanly
organism, j Many women have been re-
stored to happiness by the use of Dr.
Pierce's Favorite Prescription. "It estab-
lishes regularity, dries weakening drains,'
heals inflammation arid ulceration ,arid
cures female weakness. It makes weak
women stroiig, sick women well.
« I feel it ray duty to inform vou that I had
been a sofferer fpr many year* "from n*rvou9-
ne«.H with all jts s>Tiptoms and com plications.*
writes Mrs. O. N. Fisher, of :86i I«exlngton Avc.;
hew York. N. Y. | "I -*as constantly coinff.to
see a physician or purchasinar medicine for. this
or that complaint as my trouble* became un-
bearable. In the spring of ; 1897 my lmsband
luduced me to try Dr. Pierce's Favorite Pre-
scription. . After taking one bottle and follow-
ing your advice I was so encouraged that I took
five more bottles cf • Favorite Prescription • and
then I did not take any more for several weeks
as I felt so much better, but still I was not com-
'Plfttly cured. .; I commenced latin* It again and
felt that I was improving faster than at first. V I
am not now cross and irritable, and I have a
good color in my face; have afco gained about
ten pounds in weight and omfhoutand of com-
Jort, for I am a new woman once more."/ - :
The dealer who offers a substitute for
« Favorite , Prescription " doe« , so to gain
the little more profit paid on the salei of
less meritorious medicines. His profit is
your loss, therefore accept no substitute.
Dr. Pierce's Common Sense -Medical ;
Adviser is sent /won receipt of stamps
to pay expense of mailing only, t; Send 21.
one^pnt stamps ', for i the ; paper-covered :
book, or 31 stamps for the cloth bound.
Address Dr. R. V. Pierce Buffalo. N. Y-
MRS. RE3ECCA SMITH OF WESTFIELD. N. J.. WHO IS 82 YEARS OLD,
WAS CURED OF KIDXET AND BLADDER DISEASE AND IS KEPT ,
PERFECTLY HEALTHY BY WARNER'S SAFE CURE. A TRIAL
BOTTLE OF THIS GREAT CURE SENT ABSOLUTELY
FREE TO ANY READER OF THE CALL.
Doctors Say: "Almost Evaiy One Has Kidney and Bladder Troubles
Before FKty Years of Age." , ;;
On November IS, .1S01, Mrs. Smith says: •'! was 92 years old my last birthday.
My husband was a veteran of the Civil War. ¦ I have a daughter and eight grand-"
children living. Some years ago I had a great deal
">» of sickness, and for a long time did' not know
£n>. that it was caused by the diseased condition of
rfPami •.-•?^\ ra y kidneys and liver. As soon. as my doctor found
£kfrfi/R.\'?,'£?j' : £*~X\ na( * kidney trouble he prescribed Warner's Safe
iff?^*'w3te^y V **^f Cure. I had experimented with other remedies
f&^a'SiS^j^y which di:1 me no good whatever, but as soon as I
iMfttM^ -I ' took a few doses of Warner's Safe Cure I felt bet-
¦»{5SmK^V'-J ter - and a few bottles completely cured me and
WiT^Jri^<'' r «"-^~"J«^ made me feel like a woman thirty years younger.
Wllj^g^^^S^fV My Sidneys, liver ar.d bladder are In just as
«lSrS5*/M!t** "^F^n, \l ' ' healthy ojnditlcn since I' have used Warner's Safe
vismWMMfi^ iaLS Cure as the >' were nfl >' years ago. It Is a greater
*j&nW*«$9? "Jrana medicine than it is claimed to be. Notwithstanding
rJ^Wi^M Swr^r) ¦ x am s2 year s old, I possess a good head of hair.
tiSSC^&wMut^&^l my sl^ ht and hearing- are good and since I have
<lkv!^S^SS2B&i.f(i 1/ ' u?e<i Warner's Safe Cure I have enjoyed the very
best of health. I cannot speak too highly of this
> \. great medicine. No doubt It has saved the lives of
(fYx t- *• thousands of people who would have gone- to early
>^\ i: X.'l ( \' -graves had they neglected their kidneys and blad-
.' * der and nit taken W-arner's Safe Cure. It is truJy
Mils. SMITH, 1C iHAi:sC'JJ3 ajGodsenl to any one who is troubled with "<lls-
"*•'•- eases of the kidneys, liver or .blood."
Kidney disease If neglected quickly spreads and causes serious complications
such as Brig-ht's disease, gravel wric acid T>ol3on. .rheumatism, rheumatic gout,
dropsy. Indigestion and' liver trouble. Every one. should make a test and if the
slightest trace of kidney disease is found to exist no time should be lost in send-
ing for a trial bottle of Warner's Safe Cure, which is guaranteed to cure any dls- v
ease of the kidneys, liver, bladder or b'oofl. ' • • ¦ ¦
THOUSANDS OF MEN AND WOKEN HAVE KIDNEY DISEASE AND
DO NOT KNOW IT UNTIL IT IS TOO LATE.
TEST YOUR KIDNEY.:. Put some morning urine In a glass or bottle: let it
"" -»-¦—— stand for twenty-four hours. If then it Is milky or
cloudy or contains a reddish brick-dust sediment, cr if particles or germs float
about in it. your kidneys are diseased. This Is the supreme moment when you
should begin to take Warner's Safe Cure to arrest all these unnatural conditions,
for they are the unmistakable symptoms of kidney disease. If, after you have
made this test, jou have any doubt in your mind as to the development of the
disease in your system, send us a sample. of your urine, and our doctors will
analyze It and send you a report with advice, free.
Warner's Safe Cure
Is purely vegetable and contains no harmful drugs; It does not constipate; it la
now put up in two regular sizes and is sold by all druggists, or direct, at
EO CENTS *ND $!.00 A BOTTLE. i
¦ Less than one cent a dose )
Refuse substitutes. There is none "Just at good as" Warner's. Insist on the
genuine Warner's Safe Cure, which always cures. Substitutes contain harmful
drugs which Injure the system.
TRAL BOTTLE FRHF.
To convince every sufferer from diseases of the kidneys, liver, bladder and
blood that Warner's Safe Cure will cure them, a trial bottle will be sentabso-
lutery free to any one who will write Warner's Safe Cure Co., Rochester N Y
and mention having seen this liberal-otter in The San Francisco Call' ThVirenu-
ineness of this offer is fully guaranteed by the publsher. Our doctor wll send
medcal booklet, contanng symptoms and treatment of each disease and many
convneing testimonials, free to any one who will write •
¦'¦¦'¦' '' ADVERTISEMENTS." \X l<: ' .
SUPERINTENDS QFSCHJOLJS "^
Professor Powell, of V Washington,
D. C , Recommends Pe-ru-na.
'¦/iQ& PROEW.B. POWELL
l^^v\ SUP'T. PUBUC SCHOOLS //OS^? S)
Prof. W. B. Powell of Washington. D. C, Is one of the best known educators
In the country. For fifteen years hts has been Superintendent of the Public
Schools of V/ashington, which is considered the best school system in the Unil-
e<5 States. Professor Powell is the author of a number of school books which
are v.sert throughout the United States.
This well-known g'entleman does not hestltate to recommend Peruna to his
countless friends and acquaintances all over the United States. In a recent letter
from 1410 N street, N. W., v Washington, D. C. to Dr. Hartman, of Columbus,
Ohio, he says: ' ' #
. "Persuaded by a friend I have used Peruna as a tonic, and /take
pleasure in recommending your remedy. Peruna is indeed a good medi-
cine, and shou'd ba in ' evsry household." 'tV. B. POWELL.
S-^^-o^Kssrivfi^s? '££ » as L abl ° y*«™d <°*$ **&&«.
people say .carries weight, . but without being constantly hamporsd by
"PerimV'shouid "be used fn°every house- every kind of pain known io a human
hold," it is a significant fact to the in- being. My hearing, which was almost
creasing prominence and undoubted em- .? , J . " . -
cacy of Peruna. . v entirely gone in ond ear, got vsry
I Peruna Is of national fame as a catarrh _.,-t i.ij.. Tht* mnHirinfi nnf nn/v
remedy, it is the only internal, sys- muco oetter. I lie meoicme not only
temic catarrh * remedy, known to the seems to cure but to prevsnt disease.
inedical profession.- It makes .diseased ,—, . . , r
mucous membranes healthy. . whether It "This Winter when every One was
\ Is the mucous membrane lining the nose, -„«•»-,.-„ f~ nm /„ nninnt* I rinnH lita n
I threat, lungs, stomach, kidneys or pel- SUttBr.ng irom la grippe, i STOOO IIKO a
j vie organs, it cures various diseases of stone wall, absolutely proof against it
! all these organs, because two-thirds of , , • , .. . . . •* . ,.
the uis of mankind, are due to catarrh. / am aot a believer in 'patent medi-
With healthy mucous membranes cli- e / ngs * hnvinn found the maiariiv of
niatic diseases lose their terror, the sys- CinSS, naving TOUna ino majoriiy OT
tem is enabled to- throw off contagion, them fakes, but I do not hesitate to
writes: u cine for catarrh the world- has ever
"For many years I have been a suf~ seen. I keep a bottle "of it at home
ferer from catarrh, and have spent constantly and shell continue to do
time and money with physicians and so, because I believe if to be the' best
used many kinds of^ramedies which medicine oh earth. I never Jeava
were 'guaranteed sure cures' but in home that/ don't put a bottle of it in
every case it was money thrown away, my grip." !•- , A. T.W00D.
4t I reaped no benefit whatever from ' if you do not receive prompt .and sati*.
/i-_ . /- _„ *aamfnnfv viin tRrrrh factory results 'from, the use- of. Peruna,
them, in my seemingly vim searcn write at once to Dr. Hartman, giving a
for relief I purchased a bottle Of Pe- full statement of your case, ana he will
, . r f. ¦ •. l j he pleased to give you his valuable ad-
runa, having no confitdenco in it whai~ vice gratis. ' ¦-; "..:
ever at the time. This was about one Address Dr. Hartman, President of
year ago, and I b^gen to improve and g^ Hartman ¦ Samtarhnxy^Colmnbui^HAMBURG. March 29. — The Hamburff Naeh
richten says th» coffee Importing firm of Nel
son, Schulze & Co. la In difficulties. Tbe lia
bilities are estimated at 3,000,000 marks.
Mr. Ruef said last night that a motion
would be made to-morrow to dissolve tha
injunction and the case would then be
fought out on its merits. As the old mem
bers of the board, also have engaged
learned counsel to protect their interests
the proceedings promise to be very inter
esting.
The battle to determine the legality of
the action of Mayor Schmltz in ousting
the four Pbelan members of the Board of
Health and appointing their successors
promises to be short, sharp and decisive.
The Mayor Is satisfied that the courts will
uphold him in the matter, but he Is tak
ing no chances. . Such eminent attorneys
as John Garber, George A. Knight, 11.
Jacobs and W. G. Zeigler have been asked
to appear In court on behalf of the Mayor
and his appointees and it Is probable that
they will be associated with A. Ruef in
the case.
New and the Old Health
Boards Employ Le
gal Talent.
DOCTORS REABY
FOR CONFLICT
'EVERETT, "Wash;. .March 29.— Julius See
felt, 15 years of age, was killed in the shingle
mill of :. Donohue i & Pearsall this morning by
haliur thrashed ahout a. revnlvine- MhaJ"t_ - ¦ ,
? "Thunder Mountain has had enough de
velopment work done on its various ledges
to show, that it is one of the richest gold
bearing territories ever discovered. The
country, is literally, filled with 'auriferous
rock of -an easily, milled nature. Colors
are - to -be : found wherever • one cares to
wash out'a panful'.- of dirt. Fortunes will
be made there as they ; once were I in Cal
ifornia and I would not be surprised If we
experience just such a rush as there was
in .•49.'.V-.-- - ¦•'¦ v- -, •¦ •'_-¦.
SPOKANE. -March 29.— E. B. Simmons,
who " represents . Eastern ;' investors in the
Thunder. Mountain country r returned yes
terday from the new .; mining . camp. He
said:. . ¦ ¦ .-¦"•; '; \- ¦...
Richest Gold Territories" Ever
Discovered;
Mining* Man Says It Is One of tbe
THUNDER MOUNTAIN"
A BONANZA DISTRICT
The Outlook, however, declares Ameri
can "hustling" is provoking competition
in Europe and cannot fail to be beneficial,
especially to Great. Britain. . ¦• «
Morgan's famous painting by Raphael
(tho Madonna of St. Anthony of Padua)
from the Colonna gallery, is attracting
considerable attention at the National
Gallery here, where all comers may Bee it
free. Commenting on Morgan's kindness
in lending the, picture for six .months, one
paper reflects., eomowhat sadly on the
fact -that he paid more for it than the
British nation ever gave for a single pic
ture, though Instead. of paying $500,000 the
National: Gallery was offered the picture
years ago at a humble price, which It re
fused to pay. It ia said that the_plcture
will probably remain In Morgan's English
home' after it Is withdrawn from the Na
tional Gallery. •
"If the ,, Morgan syndicate or other
American combines .accomplish even a
quarter of the projects with which they
are connected by rumor, the world win
shortly be so 'Americanized that nothing
will remain but to adopt the .stars and
stripes as the common, flag for the great
powers."
LONDON/ March 29. — The Outlook,
dealing with the rumors to the effect that
J. P. Morgan has purchased the ' W^i'te
Star line,'. says: .; . •
df the Powers.
and Complete Americanization
English Writer Predicts the Early
STAHS AND STRIPES
i^5 MAY FLOAT OVER. ALL
The bank's assets also include th© notes
of Caesar and Enos for $15,700 more, 'xney
have paid -one joint note amounting to
$2000. ..
The suit, against! Enos is to recover on'
fourteen loans amounting to $23,090. That
against, Jacob H/ Vanderbilt is to recover
on seventeen . loans a mounting to . 316,235.
Each one of. these loans is represented
by the promissory note of the borrower.
When a receiver was appointed for the
Metropolitan, In/ November, it ,was
learned that considerable sums of the
bank's money ; had . been used for stock
market speculation. It was not supposed
before to-day that the bank's officers haa
borro-wed in such large sums. J McNamee's
purpose in suing them is to take judg
ment ' and recover, if possible, a small
portion of the money they borrowed. The
suit against Caesar specifies seventeen
accounts for loans running as high as
$10,525 and aggregating $40,907. These sums
were borrowed . during 1898 and .the fol
lowing three years. •. . '.C''y-
TACOMA, March 29.— Charles McNamee
to-day began suits to recover nearly
$100,000 borrowed from the Metropolitan
Bank, which failed last November, by
Philip Vanderbilt . Caesar. T. W.Enos
and Jacob H. Vanderbilt, who were, re
spectively, president, vice-president, and
cashier of the bank. McNamee repre
sents George, Frederick and William K.
Vanderbilt, of New York, who advanced
more than $500,000 to pay the bank's de
positors~ln-full and save the family name
from disgrace. Philip Vanderbilt .Caesar
and Jacob H. Vanderbilt are second cous
ins of the New York Vanderbllts. ]
Scecial Dispatch to The Call.
Seek to Recover From
Metropolitan Bank's
Officers. \ V
LXocte Carlo in Montana.
SALT/LAKE, March 29.— A special to
the Tribune from Butte. Mont., «ays: An
nouncement has been made in Butte that
local capitalists are to erect this summer
on i he outskirts of the city one of the
largest gaming resorts in the country.
The place is to be conducted along the
lines of the famous Monte Carlo and is to
have all the glittering features necessary
to make it most attractive and interest
ing: for the EDortins: fraternity.
LOS ANGELES. March 23.-Stocks and
securities owned by Henry J. Pleischman
the defaulting cashier of the Farmers and
Merchants' Bank, were sold to-day at
auction by order of the cou-t The salp
ft^fh 1 *$' m ' the heaviest purehSer be!
S?t u e Farmers and Merchants' Bank
Fieischmanrs holdings included -an insurl
ance policy, for 52500,- a nu^beY'df'-prom
issory note^ and the stocks of a greatv^
nety of mining and oil companies
Fleishman's Stocks Sold.
VANDERBILTS SUE
TACOMA COUSINS
OMAHA. Neb.; March 29.— W. B. Knls
kern, general passenger agent of the Chi
cago and Northwestern, called up a local
newspaper office from Chicago, using the
long distance telephone in an observation
car of the Northwestern-Union Pacific
overland train to be installed next week.
The conversation related to the new train
and Its . equipment and was" carried on
for the purpose of testing the new ar
rangement for telephoning from the train.
The new telephone arrangement is the
first of its kind, and is installed for the
convenience of passengers who wish to
communicate; with other cities without
leaving the train. There -will be stations
at Chicago. Omaha, Ogden and Oakland,
Cal.
Use 6f Train Telephone.
Two factors are said to have figured in
the increase. One . was the action last
night of the New England manufacturers
in granting an advance there and the
other the determined attitude of the
Rhode Island Mule Spinners' Association,
which some time ago requested an in
crease. . .
* PROVIDENCE, R. I.. March 29.—Em
ployes of cotton mills in Rhode Island,
Massachusetts and Eastern Connecticut
to the number" of about 25.0CO will come
under a 10 per cent advance in wages
beginning April 7, notices to this effect
having been posted to-day by the Lippitts,
the Goddards and B. B. and'R: Knight,
who- control practically all of the cotton
manufacturing of this State. It is thought
that the smaller concerns will follow the
leaders and that the Increase will become
universal in this section of New Eng
land.
Are to Have Ten Per Cent
Advance.
Employes in Three Eastern States
COTTON MILL WORKERS
/ TO GET HIGHER WAGES
DENVER, Colo.. March 29.— H. H. Plggott,
the Philadelphia lawyer who was recently con
victed here on a charge of bigamy, was sen
tenced to-day by Judge ' Malone to serve two
years in the State Penitentiary and pay a fine
of $1000. The imprisonment, portion of the
sentence was suspended on immediate payment
of the fine and Plegott was released.
The duration of an ordinary wink is
four-tenths of a second.
TOPEKA. Kans., March 23.— A Capital
special from Las Vegas, N. Mex.. says:
Mrs. Walker, the woman who killed J. S.
Judd, was this afternoon released from
custody on a bond of $5000 signed by two
prominent local merchants and\ Miss
Maud Haines of Los Angeles, a young
woman who lived with Mrs. Walker here.
l« wa £ f , or IndIaa Photographs loaned to
Miss Haines and not for negatives loaned
to Mrs. Walker that Judd was after whfen
the fatal shot was fired yesterday after-
Slayer of Judd Is Released.
SAN BERNARDINO, March 29.— John
Lane, alias John Beckwith. the boy high
wayman who held up and robbed two
IjOS Angeles men at Victorville two
months ago, was convicted last night.
Lane, though oniy a boy, is considered
a desperate criminal. Shortly after he
was placed in the County Jail here he
made an attempt to escape, succeeding in
cutting through the iron ceiling of his cell
bofore being discovered. He has a crim
inal record dating back several years, be
ing an escape from Whittier State Re
form School. He will be sentenced next
Wednesday.
Bey Highwaymen Convicted.
At ex-Governor Clark's headquarters
to-night it is claimed that he will have
eishty-six members in the Legislature,
or nineteen more than' necessary on' joint
ballot for United States Senator. This
claim Is disputed at the headquarters of
Senator Jones. All the early returns are
favorable to Clark. Returns are coming
in slowly, but all indications are that
Governor Davis is running ahead of Clark
and will defeat Colonel E. W. Rector for
the gubernatorial nomination by a good
majority. At 12 o'clock to-night the Ciark
managers increased the estimate to nine
ty votes on joint ballot, advices indicat
ing that such large' counties as Wallace
and Benton would be carried by him.
The claim is now made' that Clark has
carried fifty out of fifty-five counties.
Senator Jones retired for the night with
out giving out a statement: , ' ¦ ¦ ;-.'
LITTLE ROCK, Ark., March 29.—Ad
vices from various parts of the State
thow.that a heavy vote was polled to
day in the Democratic primaries for
United States Senator, Governor, Con
gressmen, State and local officers. The
contest between Senator J. K. Jones and
ex-Governor ' James^ P. Clark for United
States Senator was uppermost and drew
out the full voting strength. The. polls
closed at 7 this evening.
natorial Nomination.
nor Davis Will Have Guber-
Indications in Arkansas That Gover-
EARLY RETURNS FAiVOR
CLARK TOR SENATOR
"I have absolutely and determinedly re
fused to be drawfrinto any discussion. of
the matter now disturbing the Federation
of .Women's Clubs. My concern is with
the larger, aspects of the problem as it
affects our people and I have not allowed
myself. at all to discuss. these extraneous
phases which are, of coursS ! to be ex
pected." .
The letter was received in reply to ons
•written to Washington by Madame Sev
erance, who, upon hearing that he was
coming to Los'Angeles about the time of
the biennial meeting here, wrote, asking
him to give his views on the admission of
colored women's clubs to the federation.
He says: .
LOS ANGELES, March 29.— Booker T."
"Washington will not discuss the color
question before the club women of Los
Angeles. In a personal letter just re
ceived by Madame Caroline M. Severance
of this city he denies that he has planned
to visit the Pacific Coast, 1 notwithstand-'
ing tha many reports that he will come
here the latter part of next month,'ac
companied by thirty trained servants: of
his own, who hope to find positions here.
Invitation From Los An
geles Women.
Booker T. Washington Replies. to an
REFUSES TO DISCUSS
THE COLOR QTJESTIOIT
Charles Gerrin, Isom Frost and a Chi
nese named Chin Nora Yee, life-termers,
came before the board for parole, but no
action was taken.
George Mott of Sacramento appeared
before the Board of State Prison Direct
ors t6-day with an application for the par
don of John Barban, under life sentence
for murder. Barban was examined twice
for lunacy, and in December, 1894, was
sent to /Stockton Asylum for one year.
Mott promised on behalf of the Grand
Army of the Republic that If the Gov
ernor would pardon Barban the ¦ latter
would bo placed in the Soldiers' Home
for life. ...
"Yesterday I was in charge of some
men in the quarry when Warden Wilkin
son sent a convict to me to do the work
in a certain way. In a short time he sent
another convict to do' the work differ
ently. "When the .Warden- came to the
quarry he asked me why I did not do as
he told me. I told him I could not com
ply with so many convicts', orders and
do the work correctly. I. said I would re
sign and he told me the prison could ex
ist without me and to get oft the grounds
as soon as possible."
Commissary Fitzgerald, it is said, will
resign voluntarily. . ; ."
FOLSOM. March 29.— Warden Wilkin
son and his subordinates in Folsom pris
on have been at swordpoints'of late. Last
week four employes . in the prison resign
ed their positions. Turnkey Andrew Cas
sidy, who has been in the prison service
for the past twenty years, and is consid
ered one of the best penologists in the
United States, and Lieutenant Heggerty
have been . dismissed. . Lieutenant Heg
gerty gives the following account of hia
dismissal: • ;
Special Dispatch to The Call. ,
When the police arrived the maniac
kept them at bay, but hia wild shooting
dia no damage. After he had flred the
last shot officers broke into his room and
found him dying from a bullet wound Mn
Ahe he^d. , ¦ . ¦ •
Morey, who. was standing farther up the
hall, shouted to Jonugait, who answered
by firing two shots "at him before Tie could
get out of the hall. . . , . ..
LOS ANGELES, March 29.— After keep
ing .two policemen at- bay for almost an,
hour, during 1 which time he emptied and
reloaded his revolver three" times, j Fred
Jonugait, a crazy man, sent a bullet into
hia own brain, dying In the receiving hos
pital three hours later. The shooting took
ulace at the Russ House,' at First and Los
Angeles streets. Fifteen or sixteen shots
were fired, and" the doors and walls of the
narrow hall upon which the room occu
pied by the maniac opened are peppered
by bullet holes.
Last night Jonugait applied for lodg
ing and was assigned by the. night, clerk
to room 16 on the south main corridor.
The man had roomed in the house before
«nd the clerk noticed nothing peculiar
about his appearance or actions. -
At 5:30 .o'clock this morning William
Morey, the proprietor of the house, went
to a, room occupied by, John E. Long to
arouse .the lodger. . Long got up and
dressed, and. as he passed by the v/lndow
in Jonugait's room the crazy man,, .who
evidently ' had been , awakened by, the
noise, raised the sash and without warn
ing fired two shots at Long at a distance
of less than three feet. One of the bullets
grazed Long's side and the other his arm,
and with a yell he jumped forward and
dashed down the hall and out into the
street in search of a policeman. .
Eaecial Dispatch to The Call.
Riddles the Hallway of a
' Lodging-House With ./
Leaid. ,
Four Other Employes Resign
Their Positions Within
a Week.
I ¦ - •" ir
Kills Himself With the
'/Last Bullet in His
Possession. [': '
Folsom's Warden Ousts
a Turnkey and a
Lieutenant.
MADMAN HOLDS
POLICE AT BAY
HERDS OF PRISON
OFFICIALS FALL
THE SAN FRANCISCO C^L, SUNDAY^ MARCH -3^190^
19
:^>- / \ . . '":¦'. . DE. KILMER'S SWAMP-ROOT. . „ ,-,-,^-,-
To Prove What Swamp-Root, the World-Famous Kidney and Bladder Remedy*
Will Do for YOU, Every Reader of The Call May Have a Sample Bottle Free.
; . Gentlemen — In justice .to you, I feel it is my duty to send you an acknowledgment of the receipt of the sample
bottle of Swamp-Root you so kindly sent me. I had been out of health for the past five years with kidney and blad-
der, trouble. Had our best physicians prescribe for me. They would relieve me for the time being, but the old com-
. plaint-would in a short time return again. I sent for a sample bottle of Swamp-Root, and I found it did me a world
: of good. " Since then I have taken eight small bottles bought at my drug store, and I consider myself perfectly cured. v
It seemed as though my back would break in two after stooping. I do not have the smarting and irritation, nor do I
have to get up during the night. to urinate, as I formerly did three or four times a night, but now sleep. the sleep of
peace. My back is all right again, and in every way I am a new man. Two of my brother officers are still using Swamp-
Root. . They, like myself, cannot say too much in praise of it. It is a boon to mankind. We.recommcnd it to all who
are suffering from kidney and bladder diseases.
My brother officers (whose signatures accompany this letter), as well as myself, thank you for the blessing you
have brought to the human race in the compounding of Swamp-Root. JAMES COOK.
. . We remain, yours very truly, HUGH E. BOYLE.
Officers of the 58th Police Precinct, Greater New York. - JOHN J. BODKIN. ,
It- you are sick or "feel badly," begin taking: the famous new. discovery. Dr. Kilmer's Swamp- Root, because as soon aa
your kidneys are well they will help all the other organs to health. A trial will convince any one. "
Weak and unhealthy kidneys are responsible for many kinds of diseases, and if permitted to continue much suffering
with fatal results are sure to follow. Kidney trouble irritates the nerves, makes you dizzy, restless, sleepless and Irritable.
. Makes you pass water often during the day and obliges you to get up many times during the night. Unhealthy kidneys
cause rheumatism, gravel, catarrh of the bladder, pain or dull ache in the back. Joints and muscles: makes your head ache
and back ache, causes indigestion, stomach and liver trouble; you get a sallow, yellow complexion, makes you feel as though
you had heart trouble; you may have plenty of ambition, but no strength; get weak and waste away.
Swamp-Root Is pleasant to take and is used in the leading hospitals, recommended by physicians in their private
practice, and is. taken by doctors themselves, because they recognize in it the greatest and most successful remedy that
science has ever been able to compound. «-.,..,_ , T »_" ,.
If you are already convinced that Swamp-Root is what you need you can purchase the regular fifty-cent and one-dollar
- size bottles at the drug stores everywhere. Don't make any mistake, but remember the name, Swamp-Root— Dr. Kilmer's
Swamp-Root, and the address. Binghamton, N. Y.. on every bottle. • - • • _ ...
EDITORIAL NOTICE— Swamp-Root, the great Kidney, Liver and Bladder remedy, is so remarkably successful that
a special arrangement has been made by which all" of our readers who have not already tried it may have a sample bottle
sent absolutely free by mail. Also a book telling all about .kidney and- bladder troubles and containing many of the thou-
sands upon thousands of testimonial letters received from men and women cured by Swamp-Root. In writing, be sure and
mention reading this generous offer in. the San Francisco Sunday Call when sending your address to Dr. Kilmer & Co..
Binghamton. N. Y. •"..•'¦ ..-¦¦¦.>¦¦" ¦ ¦ .- - ,-
APVEBTISEMENTS. ,
: ' ."¦'.-"" '¦<». ' ' . ' " *" - ¦¦".'¦ .
* — ¦ '"' -- ' •¦;/ . — _ — _ — *
This Season's One Dollar Foulard Silks
G3 CENTS YARD MONDAY ONLY. '
. 5800 yards PRINTED FpULARDS. 23 inches wide", all silk, genu-
ine Wench Foulards. Panric Finish, Lyons printing, in the latest and
most fashionable desijjns and colorings. K-:"-~ v
* — - — _- _ _ , . '-^.-:
Arc You Interested in Lace Robe^
For Reception, Evening or Street Wear? As a special feature we offer
about 75 Elegant Robes Monday at about half Regular Prices. \ These
Robes are our own importation. Note the great QlfbfX r «Tl
price concessions. We shall sell BLACK LACE \ i J?
ROBES (former price $40.00) Monday i&GmL 3 U.U
ROBES OF TAFFETA ESCURIAL. TOSCA and TAFFETA
APPLIQUE, al&<*> EMBROIDERED CHIFFON &ftf° fcf\
(former prices from $40.00 to $50.00), Monday ft/Hi iliS
BLACK SPANGLED AND VELVET ROBES A 'fit A r ft
(former prices $50.00 and $60.00), Monday I* a # all
- BLACK SPANGLED NET ROBES (former £ft fl fft ftlffc
prices $7500, $70.00, $65.00). Monday iSai
An assortment of 8 HIGH-CLASS ROBES (for- f]| i r- p g%
mer prices $25.00 to $3500), Monday f^ I • $ I S
$¦• ___ . __ : _^.
Dress Goods Special— CANVAS SUITING— Dress Goods Spscial.
Here's no doubt one of the 'most tempting items" worthy of your at-
tention Mondav:
1200 yards* CANVAS SUITING, just reteived, j» ft
in all the new Spring Shades, 40 inches wide, at . *"i I F P
Yard JUU
¦* ij : _ _ 4.
A Splendid Ottering for Monday.
One hundred dozen LADIES' GLACE KID GLOVES, not only a
better quality than sold by others for $1.50, but far fft t t E"
superior in quality than you would expect. Mondav..'. i^n % *V
- • Pair "UH.SSJ
4. ; ; ; _ , j
A Short Story About Kimonas.
We conceived the idea to have some dainty Wash Fabrics in both
plain and fancy effects made up into Kimonas. Come "9 r\
Monday and choose from the- large assortment. They . ¦ 3 1 0
are fully worth $1.25- Monday. Each 8 U U
from maker to you
B'liS' ml li ' The ciothins we sel1 is made in our own work "* pfflHIMiiPT^/
I IW SS ! supervision, we look out for every detail' of the vS|l Sij/l/,/
P I iJi$!i making from the first snip of the shears to the last ij\!J Hi 1/7
1 For Men I For Boys
j, i . Without question the greatest value for the monev in. Thpee-rtl^^^ <S,',:* C? I ;
; our men's department isoar $9 suit; it serves as a leader; M A f ,| IIICC P^Ce MltS
there is so much value in thr suit that we like to have Made of all-wool, tweed mixtures in stripes and plaids;
! customers use it as a tes: wJim buyingtheir first suit of 'K° mpriS ? COat ' vest : and knee pants; coat single-ordouble
cioth-s from us. " breasted; strong, serviceable clothes, "made by.'us in our .
The suits arc mads h cfasvbls. serges, tweeds, cassi-' -«wn workshopsj we guarantee .the. workmanship; ages 9 .'/ >,
meresand clays in s^eJl spins Mtleins; single or double 1 '; pnce ' •
breasted coats. . >: - $4.50
; Money back V yon are not entirely pleased with your - •' Not»rAlL' a^^ ' '¦¦ '
, purchise. Sreth- sniLs in oax windows. r'\ ~- ¦ ' wV^V-V; 1 - : WprtOlk; SuItS"-
' »« *», '-V.-,; , M f de of , al ]-wool. tweeds in the latest 1962 designs ;of. plaids and
xVlCrSS TrOUSCrS' checks ;yo k edandplaited.frontandback;ages4toi4;price ¦
I Men's striped worsted trou ersia several different pat- $4-»50 ,. .
I tern?; regular $2.50 \-al-ue; cosn vot $4x0 made to order: ~ . ¦.- ..,.,_ _. .." ' -
I ouxprke ff\pz SpringMovelties
» "" , , S P rin^ fty'es in hats, caps, furnishing goods, :¦ wash 'Suits and '
*r ao blouse, waists are now in and are /worthy of your inspection. •
• . .« " ____^_ Ba 'l and bat, free with every boy's suit- or overcoat;
A glance at our win- Out-of-town orders
li interesting", whether . B >^. /^L W \J?'\Jy ILJr QfjjQ m if* anything in men's or
jj you need clothes, hats i '¦¦* v * --; — >JT \jr^ boys* clottiingV fuf-
( or furnishings. 71 8 Market Street "nishings or hats. ;
&r •' 0|Jt?Oial vsVils? al v^L
¦ Jr THe Owl .-tins weeR %.
ijff This is the best list of specials we have presented. It is w\
1$ a list that will fill the big drug store with customers all week, >&
M: for it is cut rates that our customers will appreciate — a saving; of ti
!'IJj ! dimes and dollars, and a saving no provident person can. well Ju
IT afford '. to miss.' Telephone orders delivered — South 35 c*. ,\
U l Six boxes Laxative Four bottles of Lydia .. . t
i Bromo Quinine 60c / Pinkham's Compound ,$2.75 ' A i
R • . Regular price zje eieh^-6c extra The regular dollar boycci I |
li; ' we will mill 6 packages to »ny D»*r«* C«,n - • IAi» I I
fjL »ddres» in the United Statei rear* aoap , ; i ..:r >. «Vy» I ,
ii- Four bottles Swamp Root $3 Ai*vlajofjconourretal«xprleo S ¦ A
%'\ .Tho regular 'dollar bottles *-¦$?> ShampOO . ' 2vC .1
ni\, Quaker Bath Cabinets $3.50 The regular *$e thaapoo ¦. / • W I
rar'i Reeuiar $$ cabinets Prophylactic Tooth Brushes 25c *
tl ' Four bottles refund $3 The only kind that will cleaa the . - Jjj
\vi\ Wash Rajs 5c Martin's Baltimore Rye 75c vl
yv^fe Coke Dandruff Cure 65c Blaud's Iron i PU!s : _20c 4/ff
\w>4 Send for our new c*t«lof£x»e— jxist cut £/!/VIS ALIA. March 20.— The California Fruit
Canners' Association will . build a new can
nery In Vlsalla. The company expects to pay
$40U0 a week in wages during the fruit Reason.
SANTA BARBARA. March 23.— Article! of
Incorporation were filed here to-day by the
gsnta Barbara County Farmer*' Mutual Firo
Association, formed for the general purposes
of a. mutual nre insurance company.
BUTTE, Mont_, March 29.— Governor
Toole to-day set aside May 13th as arbor
day. In his proclamation the Governor
asks that one tree be planted in the mem
ory of the late President McKinley.
In Memory of McKinley.
WASHINGTON, March 29.— The Marine
Hospital Service has been advised of the
receipt by the State Department of the
following dispatch from Consul McWade
at Canton. China, dated to-day: "Twenty
deaths from plagrue at Tsangshing; spo
radic cholera at Shecking and Tungmuu;
cholera at Canton almost disappeared."
Cholera and the Plague.
CAPE TOWN, March 29.— Fifteen thou
sand persons viewed the remains of Cecil
Rhodes at Grooteschuur to-day. For
seven hours an uninterrupted ' stream of
those who wished to view the body moved
by the casket. .
View Remains of Rhodes.
WASHINGTON, March 29.-Joseph 'K.;
Wood, United " States . Attorney for the
Second District of Alaska, has : re«-'e:ned.
Wood is. serving a term, in .prison . for
contempt of court in connection , with the
Judge - Noyes case. The department was
about to take action In his case when
his resignation was received.
Attorney Wood Resigns.
FOLLOWS, HIS .WIFE
TO A SUICIDE'S OBAVE
A ged Citizen of Stockton Leaves a
Facetious Note to the
, \ ' CoroneT.
• STOCKTON,.' March ZD.—Charles A.
Stanley, an aged citizen residing In Mc-
Cloud's Addition, ended his life this morn-
Ing by taking poison. Less than a year
ago his .wife committed suicide. Since
then Stanley has lived alone, almost a re
cluso.' This morning a neighbor called -to
see him and found him in great agony.
When asked what was the matter he
pointed to an empty bottle on the table.
He died soon afterward. The old man left
a note to the Coroner, in which he said,
among other things: .
"As I never confess to man I. simply
say 'no cause.' I am 6i years 6 months:
and 22 days old. I Bury mo where, you will
and I rwlir stay there."
'¦- After enumerating. hlaproperty, ho con
cludes with a mention of his dog as "the
best friend of all."
' Stanley was a 'mechanical engineer and
i had no near relatives In thia region so
'jtar as is known. .... ;',-/. • '*'
Walks Off Wrong End of Boat.
ANTIOCH.' March 1 29>-A passenger "who"
wept- from San Francisco' to ' Point Rich
mond on the 8 o'clock boat this morning
came very near going down to Davy
Jones' locker. He fell asleep on. the way
across the bay and was awakened by the
watchman after the other passengers had
left the boat.. He rushed wildly for what
he supposed was the landing, but unfor
tunately for him he went toward the
wrong end of the boat and plunged oft
into thebay, 1 A line was thrown to him
and he was hauled out. He did not give
his name. , '• ¦ • • ¦ .,\ -
Mrs. Yordi Wins Her Suit.
SANTA' ROSA. March" '29.— Judgment
was rendered in' the Superior Court to
day in the suit recently brought by Mrs:
Sarah J." . .Yordl ¦"• for possession , of the
homestead property left by her deceased
husband, the late Fred Yordl of Clover
dale. The . decision is in favor of "the
plaintiff and against the heirs, children
by a former marriage.
Schooner Polaris Launched.
MARSHFIELD. Or.. March 29.— The
new : four-masted schooner Polaris was
launched this afternoon from the Marsh
field : ship yard's. She is one of the fleet
of the larger type of schooners built here
for the foreign trade. The carrying ca
pacity of the' Polaris is 1,000,000 feet of
lumber. .-..-,; > ¦¦ ; • . ¦¦
}a"iss I/otta.Taft.
SANTA ROSA, March 29.— Miss Lotta"
Taft, a daughter of H. D.iTa'ft of Seattle,
d(ed at the residence of .her uncle in Se
bastopol to-day. <¦' . Miss " Taft came from
Alameda several weeks ago in the hope
'of benefiting her 'health. She-was a grad
uate of. the. Alameda High School and had
a large, circle of friends.
; The * nature of the currents in the strait
and tho drifting \ Ice encumbering \ the
water most of the year would render a
system of giant ' ferries to carry trains
across, as was first intended, wholly,Im
practicable. A tunnel, owing to the na
ture of the floor of the strait there, Is de
clared entirely feasible. .
"I have instituted in France," said Lo
bel.'Va committee of patronage of my pro
ject, comprising the names of the most
eminent men In the Senate, of the Cham
ber of -Deputies, of the diplomatic corps,
of the Institute and of . the army. With
such collaborators there can be no doubt
that, I shall receive in Russia the same
warm welcome I received during my last
visit to Seattle, San Francisco, Chicago,
Washington and New. York from the fore
most financiers d' those cities. If all tne
formalities /in Russia can -be gotten
through with this year we shall be able
to commence the construction of a Trans-
Alaskan-Slberlan Railway simultaneously
at three different points, one in Siberia,
one at Bering Strait and one at Fort Cud
ahy on the frontier, of Alaska."
Lobel has ¦ had some thrilling experi
ences 1 during the -long 'months he spent
In" the Arctic circle. To ; carry, out the
task | hi** father had set him in 'the mat-;
ter of soundings and measurements in the
strip of water that divides America and
Asia he crossed the strait twice in a
small / open boat with ¦ a single compan
ion, a feat that had neyer been accom
plished before by a white man. The
strait is fourteen miles wide and about
350 feet deep. Through this narrow chan
nel the waters of two oceans rush with
never-ending change. The boat of the
young explorer was upset twice. All his
notes were lost and he escaped narrowly
with his life.
NEW ; YORK, March ' 29.— One of the
most daring engineering projects ever
contemplated Is; that of a tunnel under
Eerins Strait to connect the Trans-Siber
ian Railway," with: American lines. Chi
merical aa the scheme : may at flr3t ap
pear its author,"". M. X.bbel, says that
within * six years ".. the work will be prac
tically realized. He recently retvt^ied to
Paris after ; spending two years at Ber
ing Strait and on the shores of the Ajctic
Ocean
Special Dispatch to The Call.
'Gigantic Engineering Project
Suggested to Rail
road Men.
20
less Telegraphy.
Germany-;. 1 Seeks to rre
venb Monopoly in Wire-
Great Britain and France Are
Also Invited to Join in
Congress.
Special Dispatch to The Cali.
Congress Is Proposed.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
¦W., WASHINGTON, March 29.— Germany
has asked the United States to join in, an
international - movement designed to pre
vent a monopoly in wireless telegraphy.
Her proposal is Identical with that sub
mitted to Great. Britain. She has not,
however, confined. her representations to
these two nations. . The whole world baa
been invited to take common measures
under which all the systems will be re
quired to exchange messages. ¦ The . Ger
man proposal s to this Government was
submitted, to Secretary Hay a few days
ago by Embassador von Holleben. In a
formal memorandum the Embassador
mentioned the efforts -. of the con
trollers of the Marconi system to
establish - a monopoly 'in- wireless
telegraphy which was prejudicial to other
systems; among them the Slaby-Arco,
which 'is In use in Germany's navy. To
prevent this monopoly Germany proposes
an international agreement which snail
accord equal lights to all systems.
Considerable satisfaction was expressed
in official circles with the action of Ger
many. Secretary Hay assured Embassa
dor von Holleben that the proposal of nla
Government would receive the serious
consideration which lt deserves. The Sec
retary was unwilling to make a more
definite reply because he desired to con
sult technical experts of. the United State3
armyand navy. In order to prevent any
embarrassing complications, however. It
was conceded ' that lt mignt be a good
plan to have Congress place a^w upon
the statute books which would regulate
the operation of wireless telegraphy. This,
it is suggested, would be a step in tne
direction of. international control, for ¦ it
would give the executive an indication or
how far Congress desires him to commit
the United States in an International ar
rangement. So far as International con
trol Is concerned it is suggested that tnere
should be incorporated m the- agreement
reached a provision prohibiting the use of
powerful instruments for long distances
when they interfered with systems oper
ated over short distances. The idea of
wireless telegraphy experts of the army
and navy is to avoid lnterterence an much,
as possible. They believe emphatically
that there should be no monopoly of wire
less telegraphy by one system, and that
there should be general approval of Ger
many's proposal that all systems 'be re
quired ' to exchange messages.
Marconi's Explanation.
BERLIN, March 29.— Professor Slaby s
recent proposal for an International con
ference to regulate wireless telegraphy Is
already engaging the attention of Ger
many, the authorities of which country
are now drafting a circular note to be
presented to the United States. Great
Britain and France proposing a congress
far the purpose of agreeing upon a means
to prevent a monopoly of wireless teleg
raphy on the high seas. . ¦ * . ¦ '
According to - the statements printed
here, the step is a direct consequence of
the reported refusal of the wireless sta
tion at Nantucket to , receive a message
from Prince Henry on board tho Ham
burg-American steamer Dcutschland. The
statement 'cabled from Berlin to New
York that Germany had sent a protest to
the' British Government against the Mar
coni .people's .boycott against ships
equipped' with' the Slaby-Arco apparatus
Is discredited hero. HtRh officials of- the
Foreign Office declare they know nothing
of Oiu mutter. 3tX3nSBnuH9Bnn!aJtJH)B
NEW -YORK,. -March •29.-Slgnor Mar
coni to-night issued a statement relative
to tho controversy between his teleg
raphy company and Dr. Slaby and Count
Arco and the refusal of the Marconi com
panies to allow, unless by previous, ar
rangements with them, communication
between the Marconi land stations and
ships equipped with any system claiming
to bo different from hia system. Blgnor
Marconi goes on to say:
', I wish to state that such refusal has been
and will continue to be made. I cannot '.take
the responsibility ¦ of advising my companies,
which during the last four years have
expended large sums on the erection of land
statiors, to enter Into any agreement such a3
suggested, which would practically secure to
Dr. Slaby and his coadjutors advantages in the
cost of which they had borne no part and to
which they are in no way . entitled so long as
.the rights secured, to' inventors by patent law
arc respected in civlll red countries.
Indian Picks Up Wreckage.
"\ VICTORIA. B. C, March 29.-The Do
minion Government "steamship Quadra,
3ust returned . from 'a. cruise to Lawyers
Islands and other points on the north
coast of Vancouver Island, brings news
of the finding of wreckage at Goose Isl
and. Hecate Strait. At Bella Bella Dr
Large, the resident missionary. Informed
Captain Walbran of the Quadra that one
»f;.- the- mission .'Indians,- while cruising
around Goose Island, found in a little
bay the wheelhouse or chartroom of an
unknown vessel. ;The doors and a portion
of the house ; ar.e intact. . The Indian
cached the doors in the woods and se
cured the other .wreckage to the shore by
ropes before returning to Bella Bella The
Indian said that there was no lettering or
distinguishing marks on the wreckage
r. SA -N DIEGO. March 29.— John Worthen . of
Escondido is In a critical condition as the
result of a runaway accident. ! A sudden turn
of his wagen threw him out. . His foot be
came entangled in the gearing and he was
Sfthe 3 v h ehlcl^ le WUh h * b^.^n S lin a S
.the/Strait^
Frenchman /Proposes to
.Tunnel Beneath
ASKS AMERICA
TO CO-OPERATE
CARS MAY RUN
UNDER BERING
THE SAN 'JTR^VNClfGO, -TOALIii SUNDi^, MAJaCH 30, 1902.
,. SALT LAKE,: March •; 30.— AC telephone
message : from \ Eureka, I Utah. ;, this rnorn'
ing,;i states Uhat an explosion has :¦ occur
red; at; the Yankea Consolidated ;jnine,Mn-
j urlng eight • miners,,' f our ¦ or • them '¦ being
reported > seriously^ hurt:c The . mine : is lo
cated: five 'miles .from-; Eureka and fur
ther particulars are . unobtainable • at this
hour.; ¦ , • ¦ ¦ •
Explosion ; Injures Miners^
, RUSSEL-LVILLE/Gai, March 29.— A' cy
clone passed through JDarling/. three 'xhtles
south I of Russellville yesterday- afternoon,'
completely demolishing the Methodist and
Baptist : churches, ;the " railroad
station ¦ and damaging . a* number ; of ' other
bullrings.' W. A. > Bolone' and E,- P.'i Sal ter
•were bruised ;in; tlie:i fajling;.' depot.'
Many , ne^rro cabins .were > wrecked. .
Churches Are 'Demolished;
When the report of the committee- was
read a very affecting, scene was: enacted.
Half of the ministers in the conference
sobbed, 1 : and Bishop Mallalleu.saidMt was
with -the utmost ; regret" that -he ¦ had; to
announce Uhat , Dr.v Lowther'd ' ministerial
credentials should • be • taken 'away.:' He
said, the finding of the committee 'was a
very, regrettable occurrence. ¦ ;•:•".•¦
. "I : have ' gone three times carefully
through the Bible in order to bring 'the
facts, of science' and our statements of
theology and. the Bible into harmony, with
each 1 other. I have not found 'it'n'ecess'ari'
to change any . fundamental ' principles "of
theology, but to clothes them In the lan
guage of modern thought rather than that
of'150 years ago.", •; ¦¦"¦''. r \';.c > ; :..i ; ¦ •.'". .
•After the announcement 'of the 'verdict
, Lowther said he though t''he would not ap
peal, to the General .Conference.: Ho . also
said that he will, start- out with, a -tent
end. preach the gospel! as. he sees it: rDr. 1
Lowther announced lt'as part of. his plan
to ultimately enter another denomination,
where he could preach In accordance with
his belief..' r >.; ;;> .•¦ •; ¦.- ••; -•, ; ; ..;•; , t
ARKANSAS CITY. March' 29.— The Rev;
Granville Lowther to-day formally ... re
fused to accept the' prbpositlon to stop his.
and the ' Methodist • Episcopal
trial committee therefore .declared. .' him
guilty of heresy. .This, of,. course,. means'
dismissal from the church..- , In . making
his defense at the close i of the trial Low
thetsaid:. . :.' - " ' :
Several thousand gallons of water Was
pumped Into the vessel's hold and the de
struction, caused' by. the ¦¦inundation ; that
everything • below deck received was more:
grievous than that resulting, from the fire
itself..;- .•'-'' . ¦•;- . ; - ¦ ¦ •• :;;-.'••¦ ;
. The Washtenaw is ; owned by \ the Sag
inaw, Steel j Steamship Company -and is
used by 'them as a collier," plying between
Oakland : and, Tacoma: .The vessel .'seems
to : have i taeen constructed junder ¦ an un
un y Etar - -It was only. a short time ago.
while she was • on .'. her way ' to ; Port Costa
with,, a-^cargo of. coai: for the -Southern
Pacific Company,; that she. struck against
a; sunken rock in San Pablo .Bay; -staving
a. hole In her bottom.- .She was forced to
put , back to ; Oakland,"; where i her cargo
was discharged.. . She -was . subsequently
taken to the Union ".Iron Works, where
sne has since been undergoing, repairs), *
Fire broke out in the engine department
of. the steamship Washtenaw late last
night as she was lying in drydock at the
Union. Iron Works. Before the flames
could ; bo subdued the interior framework
of the vessel was 'damaged to. the extent
of several thousand dollars. „ How the fire
originated, Is ; a' mystery, but tt;is sur
mised ahat it > was- started between the
partitions in the engine room during the
day and smoldered there until night. '
¦ Because of the lateness of the hour and
the difficulty i the firemen encountered in
reaching the seat of j the flames; protected
as they were by 'the walls i of the. Vessel,
Improved a very difficult, matter to con
quer.the fire. , • ¦•'.:- . .
Heresy "Charges /Against
Dr. Lowther Are. ¦
¦Substantiated;"
Flames and Water Injure
Washtenaw on the
Dry dock; • ;^
FIRE DAMAGES
STEEL COLLIER
CHURCHMEN FIND
PASTOR GUILTY
-. PHOENIX, . March 29. -^William A. Place,
a lawyer of Clifton. Ariz., has disappeared.
Several days ago he went from Clifton to I>un
can by rail, left some .packages of clothing
with a' friend and " has not been heard from
since. - . ' •
SAVANNAH, Ga., March 29.— A rumor
reached here to-night tha? one of the.ne
groes whose assault on Mrs. Fountain
and- her young son Dower, at their store
west of Savannah, caused young Foui»»
tain's death, has been captured and burn
ed in the western part of the county. . Tha
report is not verified, though ' many peo
ple believe it to be true.
Rumored Burning at Stake.
SANTA ROSA. Marcb 29.— Through ths
death of a relative In England John As
nlp of this city ; has .come into a baro-;
netcy and the possession of valuable es
tates. On Monday Asnip and hl3 wife
will depart for New York on their way
to London. For several years the couple
have been in straightened circumstances.
Aanip left England early in life and went
to Australia, later coming to California.
He has resided in this city and in Healds
burg for almost twenty years.
SANTA ROSA RESIDENT
PAIXS HEER TO BARONETCY
Johr Asnip Comes Into Possession of
a Large Estate in
England.
¦ - . MiBCELLAireoTjg. . .;'.'/, .. . -. ' "".''•' -.." '¦ .. /¦ ¦ :..'"."¦''-' : ." r "-"'' ' ¦
1 1 THE SEASON'S GREATEST SILK SENSATION. ||
I 6000 Yards $1.25 and $1 50 Printed Satin UimrtyFoulaivi Silts on Sale at
¦ *^ We begin to-morrow ah unparalleled Foulard Silk Sale— the biggest and the most^important Silk offering ; ever "»*de;'^V';yjj, -.;
I.*' by any hotise in San Franciscso. The entire overproduction of this season's choicest and best Satin Liberty Foulards, from fTSf.WJf^ US
- the most promiaent Silk manufacturer of America, goes on salo at half and less than half price.' FOULABD. VALUES SUCH \J^T \J '¦ 3
AS THESE have never been oeffered in this city, and more especially right at the opening of the season.. These Silks %# » RD =2
jf are of this Season's productiatn — no passe or last season's styles in tho lot. The 'assortment consists of beautiful; printed LIB- ,T.T7 R P , t2
S EB.TY SATHJ" FOTTLAB.DS, in plain and exquisite hemstitched effects, in the 'choicest 'scroll, I floral,. stripe/ ( axidl lace designs, and ' colors r of _~
5 1 Tan, Brown, Beseda, Boval, Kavy, Gray,; Ked, Cadet, Purple and Black and White."! ,,' ; ' .'3
H We invite every one 'with, a prospective Foulard Silk want to attend this sale,' for this, is an extraordinary^ilk occasion, because'
•" every yard cost the Manufacturer more to produce than our retail selling price. Silks that were $1.25 'and' $1^59/* on sale beginning to-mor- 2J
£ row at y: .;......:...^V:..,;......'::.;.Vv:..^ 3
6 VTftR MONDAY ONLY To-morrow will be the BANNER. SILK* DAY, and '-with the; above remarkable" offering we -^
* wr * "VT. _2S- ~^mL. Place on sale 900 yards of the • regular $1.OO quality. Black Peau deSoie to.be sold for Monday :— •
E'LACK PEAU PE(SOIE,. 0 Wy/at..V:y.7.%;^^ 3
§ Our Great Spring Sale of Linens and House Fiirniahrngs Begins To-rvjorrov/ 1
I FSS1F Table Linens,: Napkins, Towels, Bedspreads, I. spejial . . ; |
b u«togsMond V Blankets,'Comforters, Sheets and^Pillow Cases. / SSusS ?i
e Sale Commences Tomorrow, to Continue for One Week, i9c ««, |
£Z /very toy. .Jb^e "F^^ll ¦ ' .... 7 ,. „ ¦ 60 dozen Ladles' Lisle rj
«^ help to do it. Again lor . j n inaugurating this SALE we do bo with the determination that it shall outstrip any of our previous best,. Thread Vests, extra fine gar- ,^m
—• Monday. efforts in th« selling of house furnishings. It's an event upon which for months our greatest energies have been ; ments; self trimmed neck -.;^g
*~ 1600 ya rds M erc^ em ea iai- sp< . r .t. it follows plans laid early last fall and consists of the choicest and best values our untiring search xl the and armholes. in colors : of Jm»
fcl feta. and fopun oicin minims best market could bring to light. The quantities and varieties are immense and the values are. beyond question the Pink, Li?ht Blue, White and ~*»
In aU th» correct colorings mogt extraordinary offered this year. Never were we better prepared to meet the demand of all economical buy- Ecru; all sizes. -Monday. ...
and black, on eoeciaj eaie n\ er8 It wU j pay y<m t0 ant j c i pate your wan ts. Hotels, Restaurant!" and general Housekeepers . can not afford to Bach 10o — «•
»— Tard - - ivc 3tniss this Great Bale, for euch opportunities right at the beginning of the season rare. ¦'•:¦..'¦: ..'.'''•- ••¦•¦.' -• ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ ***»
B TABLE LINEN BARGAINS. LINEN NAPKINS. ¦ 9ST3J.. GREAT VALUES IN TOWELS. BARGAINS (N TABLE CLOTHS, 3
•^ a a vahi>— 60 nieces CO-lneh Table <£f QSt DOZEN— 200 dozen 19-inch \f\n EACH— 600 dozen Linen Hu'ck tf> | Qt fZ EACH— 200 Linen Table Cloths. -«
*— 44-C DamasiTa good quality In very 0l»00 pure Linen Nankins, a good lVFs* Towels, size 17x32, In red »nd tj)I«F7tJ in size, In choice patterns; --g
S? ...» j,,,,™,.. artually Worth COc Bale. wearing Napkin, in pretty- patterns; regu- pure white borders. . For a special leader ¦ worth $2.50 each.' Sale price... $1. 05 each -^
•»- ?rtce "• 8Mt aclu>ul ' t4c yard lar value $2.00. Sale price,... ?1 .35 dozen during this sale..... '..:........:: 10c each ' r '- ¦ i^3
% W^^^^iW^l^. «v^^S^ ; Sl^^^^l^[i
| 75c Sff^'fiSSTlfKffaS: fi.*? x " a JK. in Na t^ n very SSSS 25c Ija H i»:W^*S l S2£S- 5c 'TIP V°°^- es ? ash ,Hl"'- '3-
i E?^!s!?^;^ : a^sa )^M^^^i^M mSBSBH M^I^^^^^M
m*~ /»,« «/x YARD 40 pieces extra fine CQ Ptfi DOZEN — 175 dozen finest ... . . . ¦ :; -'.••¦, '. . - . , . — • • " ! -^5
E: ol*IU erade bleached Table Damask. . tJ>O»OvF grade German Linen Nap- t£± n r> EACH- 150 dozen Turkish Bath \£\f» TARD— 200 pieces Linen Glass
•fc- varranted pure linen 70 inches srtde. In kins. ?i elze. in a variety of the neatest lO.tt Towels, a heavy absorbent towel lv/w Toweling, -fine quality, in-red and ;
han^ome designs;, regular valu^^a patterns: worth ,4.60. Sale price^ .^ that usuaUy sell, at 24c. Sa^e Pji^.^ bly^. checks; regular . value ; 12^ Sale
I immense Sale of Sheets and Pillow Cases. Greatest Values in Blankets and Comforters, 3
5^ -These are the products of the famous Boston Mills and are considered" one of the a great opportunity . to save at least one-quarter to one-third from the present
be-t' makes The prices at which, we sell them are less than the cost of making the belling prices. They come- from the mobt reliable Manufacturers; ' we can therefore ~
y niatarlal by the yard. Note these great reductions. recommend them. ......
rw. . . Ck ..,. laiT^ts. vird« fte each ... Pillow Cases 45x3U ICQ QC PAIR— 200 pairs White Call- QCr EACH — 40 dozen Bed Comforters. _^
g~ 3»o each...- ..-.. .SheeU I^ax3i» >ar<l^ UC 1 value 12 %c. OOtOO fornla Blanket?, aaoftand tf 8C, fliied with pure White Cotton and — •
¦¦d .^^h eh«U £%x2% y*rds lSe each........... ....Pillow Cases B0x36 fleecy quality weighing 5 pounds: regular covered with Sllkoline: re S ular value V- W Z2
S= 44 « wh --R- e iuVarVaJu~65c. % .Regular value 15c. ' ; value $5.00. gale, price... pair ft| -- . EAC H_25 dozen extra heavy 3
•— a**- *ach Sheets 2 x2U yards 14c each..; ..' Pillow Casea 5 ixoO fi>Q QRT PAIR— 250 calm extra large «J>I« 4 tJ Quilted Comforters, filled with j£
JEX iiilru'larvalue 60c - Regular value 18c. . <I>O»i7CF , 6-pouml . RVhlte Blankets; ..enowflaked cotton and covered with the
JT~ r «-. „.(.%, Sheets 2Ux2<^ yards C6c each Sheets 2%x2>/5 yards great value at $5 50. During this 1 tale 'choicest Bllkollne on both sides; 'worth >2
«*- ° iiegular'value C5c. ' ReguUr value 70c. at. Q3.05 pair $2.25 each. ... 31
fc /s« r i_ BED SPREADS-200 extra Biz",. ' hemmed,' honey; <h| rzg\ UT^^U MARSEILLES QUILTS-250 extra heavy hemmed sS5
"^ Si\ -S^i r flCri comb Bed Spreads— one of thr grandest values offered LflCll. Marseilles Quilts for double beds in beautiful designs; =3
-— LqCII. this Beason: actually worth $1.75. On sale at...»l.a5 >*'.¦•• v B -"^ il- - well worthl2.00.. During % thl«- sale. each.. 81.5-Q -g
I A SUPERB SHOWING OF TAILOR-MADE SUITS, SKIRTS, RAGLANS i AND WAISTS; 3
Ttoudnc enthusiasm marks the proKress of this special offerinc of Outer Garments for women. These are the busiest days ever experienced In our popular and growing Suit r^
•^ Department Excluslveness and elegance combined make this the rarest and most exceptional offering featured by early low prices, agsln for this week. ¦ ' ,
ENewGibson c^O-^^ 1^ 81^'- '" ¦ -^ ''i& r '&&tis ANOTHER. FAMOUS SILK PETTlllOAT SALE, \z
E BlOUSe Suits l^h S£' r o%^nd e t&SSSi .- " f'-SSSSfc, 2OO PETTICOATS, Worth $IO for '.?2
j^_ cbcii , n the j eax ji ng epr inB col- **%%?. gfwf ¦ V^r^^iSv It's no wonder that we are dolns tho Vr» /~* f\ f t2
•«— ortnjrs. In the new Blouse dip. Postll Jon back, very effect- % NV**/ Nt'Iv Petticoat business "of . Ban , Francisco, be-*lvf% v| r\ Zm
SZ Ive; ekirt ha» the latest rradUated flare flounce, »titch<e<t. ' . , \LxV • >'¦ \ f /¦:.'• c a u <» e we are conBtantly planning to Kivntil V/» %J %J -^
ZZ and trimmed with bands of Slllc and Molr*, perfectly tail- ¦ AivV. AtJhL»n y° u the greatest values, A*ain for to-mor. T . ~2
*— orod. Advanced «le price JP2O.OO Larli /^7V\V?\ MfinPx- i row.on offerlnK thnt will provo the hit of taCh ZZm
2Z hi u /n^^ wm A great variety of Bulls, mart* of / \ \\{\/ \\ ttlkfa V 5>VA tllP c ennon - The** Pcttloonts are mado of an extra heavy "*•
5=: NOVeitV C^^l Kumlni. Batiste. Granite Cloth. / A VI \\ W^Ssm\ \ Malh and ohnn B r.hlc Toffeta Silk, are finished with a deep =?
•^ c •. Vl/^rs-r cheviou. Broadcloth and -Venetian, / A0k l.l ' 1 \ // \^K I /v \ . flounce and trimmed withtwo ruffles. In all ths n«w col- . "2J
S^ bUILS fr.^K in every . desirable spring shade, . ¦. . . / / Wj\ |«l 1 \ / H "Z-J \ A " orlngs. , Including. black and white, the blgeest bnrgaln you r3
•T- fcacn ; very- »w«U Eton, and Ruuiin "/+/ ' \k\kl S&\ V*AtA *XS»T"^ l' V ¦¦'' ¦ ever saw. On «aTe .t. ....... .«U.U3 Each
SS= Blouse effect*, handsomely tucked and trimmed. Jacket • / / J5* I'l/CJ I T X« ' .
¦f lined with taffeta silk and skirts made very full, with deep .. / / yC%lJf$k/ \ /xtAv '•"¦¦' ' FVHB I1SITF MF W Sll K WAISTS AT • 3
S^ flounce, betutifully stitched. The grandest garments at CI Arsf* ffi& \ki/r^ \ , tAyiUl3l I L HILi'V., v »jJlLI\ 1 TT/\lol3,/||
ZZ •••• ,..$25.0» Each £&£/ / W / \ A most beautlfuUot of Sllk.Waists Ju8t/p>r ' i% A 3
y~- e\r crntntTr ci/inxc : *ftj // '• " - ' ' in from tho makers will be shown here for H^lf% I II I — 1»
E SALE OF SEPARATE SKIRTS. .. : A //. . ...,,. i ¦ .. m&£%££^&^^^
By far the greatest variety and iwmethlnR different V B ., Ui - ., ,S,'', / .. ,. flnjehed and arn mado of -the soft and good F P, C " , ¦ — «• .
"t= from what everybody elee has. That s t'.»e word we re- - ' JB&ffr'; ' • ¦," ' '-.',' V ••-, : J '- y '-r\ '¦¦ • •. .i '..''.wearing new silks, in all the newcolorlngs, sizes 32 to 44. -^ ¦
5?- crive from everybody. To-morrow we place on sale many Jg(\*#?:jl i , . Bneclal at ..¦.....'.'.¦.... ..95.OO Each -^
»»-. of the season's most fa^•ore<J styles in Etamtne, Crepo de 4^f>iT i x/ ; - Ik ¦ , « — ; .-,. —•
E %$r^«£*Z&]^^ vj Wh.. . '-•••/ V GREAT WASH GOODS SELLING row 2
NewSprinq Cress Goods at OJI nn uj yfti^tA 'A^ V MONDAY '"- Yard l^ L " : SH^rS5d a a-SS t t ll 28 0 -3
•— 7Z^ ¦-. .y**T h \ «« . M .«, n .hKtSlilllJ Yrf // II \\ / \b^A8r^ %*\ quality French Organdy, 32 Inches wide, the kind you will -—
•p: There isn't the shadow of i ' I Q, M }\ VyMK /i . \ . want now for summer dresses; In shade J of Pink, Light t3
ZZ to-morrow shouldn't be a wonderfully *u»y / jLM*~-~- ?^ K^J& \ If J i / ' \ \ Blue; Ixivondcr, Nile. Cardinal, Maize. Gray, Tan and ZZ
fc Tn ail Uv> new Spring colorings and for which there is <// |B| \ J <Cj? 1/ ¥/, .; SS. , RSSH DIM IT 1 1 S. |R r A beautiful collection of --J
•^ such a tremendous demand now. and all have been epe- 7 if |fl| V—^ Jf vk ¦ •-« SPECIAL ....Yard ¦ J(L '* I [ lBh Dimities, dainty and
•*» H»iiv urifed These are the weaves: ¦ L» Lf UL >^ '**"¦' ' -* ' rbVin . IW sheer fabrics, In the lead.*--*
g. clallypricea. inesearevnewwes. ,<_ • \£s" s +~' L—^ ing colors, In neat Polka Dot figures and floral designs, at =2
ZZ Voile Etamincs Myetral Etamines, Crepfl oe Pans. , ....:...<;. ;.... ; isc Yard.~2
S^ FOR MONDAY. A special purche*e of 600 yards extra heavy Black Q f~J _ I SATIN STRIP£D 3C r Another Very choice !ot : of these soft and much
•*- /.ueiliftT cai ir Cheviot, fully 52 inches wide, of an elerant rich VC / P CMALLICS nt V»rrf O3C« wanted Challies has arrived. ..They look as , pretty US
•— CHEVIOT SALE, black, already sooneed and shrunk, the regular $1.25 Sj i \J I at--Tara • ¦ - .--•- as the real French sorts. Your choice of '25 of the *-3
j!r quality. Monday only at Yard I leading colors and designs. • On sale at ........:..'......,'........ ...35e Yard 33
St= ' ; --^-— COUNTRY ORDERS RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION,,.- ; s " "' — ;'¦','_ ..,:.' _— r?»
& An Extra Speci? I Offering or jd^Sffi * £L^s fjsfo ; "Rin I Wrn Dn^^ a 3
B Kbw Valenciennes Laces. M® ®_^ Mjytfa ¦ \w%hti£&Ak o>M. Lace rurcnase.
S^ be sold at special' prices. n? tn/§&*™ U '/B 'jR/mM? VL&BrdB VfJ& VprSat 1. Ve announced for last Monday a I 1 11
¦fc— Valenciennes Lace Ed:res and Insertione in Jgif *3r£& l&Kt&Bp ~ *r^ " >:; : - K reat EaI c ofthese Laces, the result I fi Ij -—a
y~ Innumerable designs, to be cold as follows: ,^gr^^*%t£^^ sTfyrfS?^ > ' ' of an Jrnmens0 purchase by our v j "*j
•*— 000 dcz. st Ifie doz.; res. value 20c. ' W • ' York buyer. We shall repeat the Yard _^,
5^ 300 dcz at 2T»c doz.; reg. value 35c. Ltr^T^^'Tmni— imw\\t n 9~~^ a *7vmp offer and have seI ? cte d some of the handsomest Z2
caw. °(J0 dcz at tt.'c dcz.; reg. value 45c. yxl»'yryF^?r >q B! ! y* »^^^^^^^^liM^ designs. Lnces that are from 2 to (i inches a,
•*- 250 del at o(>c doz.; ree. value <',5e. Bft mol O 'Jn*lfiJEa>»'*^^ wide antl readll >' sel1 VP t0 33c J'ard. Mon- \ —**
200 doz. at <>3e doz.; reg. value 85c. day .'.....' 12n yard | 7T?
.' , • ¦ .'¦¦¦.•-¦.¦.¦' ¦ / . ¦• ¦ - ¦
. rf^Hv 's"~*.\ -'*3tv/f\ claiiTtJi "tht 8 !? I -S n i'J? u - tr ! atlnent wlth Tn^- Shereg and Shores. San Francisco's leading spe-
6£f> •«SMWfl¥» CHROVTP nT^iXrl^; °i Prove to the P u b»c that there Is a PERMANENT CXJKK for
yP^^^M^i^ '-¦ • */Sfiu^%i ' nnri thBiit » . S« (that are cur able). the doctors plve their professional services FRKK
/(^^^®Sf^%i*^^^^ PE\4 tn IS ?,?. R !n k° a " who "PP'y BEFORE APRIL. «TH. THE ONLY EX-
([R(^^XS^l»St5^^^^iS^SM\ , ir^^b£. to the patient will be Tor the medicines ACTUALLY USED. ' » -*"
Men y W5SS Be fr^ed 50 Cents
' ATI T Y N USJ?r> TH Mn SPE m Xi i; L OFTE « YOU ONLY PAY FOR THE 'MEDICINES ACTU-
'' .-'l^^K^^PK'-- e\^,h S n\?exc^ a d ny $5 Xone C Se f °^ The m ° 3t StUbb ° rn Case9 ° f Chr0 " iC di3 "
A ¦*@$W$$k$$m %$$$ ' hive s tomn^h V Uv?r a / ri l : l , lf y °S, * Te lt J' ou sufl>r from a»thma or lun* troublo: If you
«- ¦ '•reWP3^S^ Wfh " ¦ ' XS"? T SPE^ D MONEY OX ••FAKE, PATENT MEDICINES"
Ik JM$Wim& i^' ' <,-¦¦' COTIC whL™. r?n TA , IN COCAIXE/OPIUM OR.SOME OTHEH DASGEROU8 NAll-
:; ' ' •¦mFn^KTi™™M<F^J!^ e £-AZf2^ nt *^« l ™ n y t ™* this grand sre-
\ ¦ '^™Wm4x£-' ' • ¦ I'LTTmswprl t^x-^^S^T AT ONCE. AND HOLDS GOOD TO ALX, WHO A^
A^Jh^^^^Vpi^C-- ¦ ¦¦•¦" TO ALL ELK - DO OT DELAY. START IN AT ONCE. CONSULTATION FRE^T5
• ¦ DANGER SIGNALS. of the stomach.
f^Wri^Q^^M^^^i^^r'^S'^* RRad tlle foIlowln «T «ymptoma over carofully. Catarrh of the Stomach la usually caused by
* \li^rlflMrl^\i^VWS\w\f'/f'(v' ¦ mark those you feel In your <"ase, and send or swallow-Ins: muou-i, which droi-a down from thfl
JB^iSiw'/^i^^iSKiVW/lfeV'W brins them to Drs. Shores and they will f>ll head and throat at nlaht. Quickly cured at
•)^Jm/V lf$$m* lH\\^^V " >0U w i? p , ther Jou can bo cured FREK OK Uttle cost by Drs. Shores' famous treatment.
V.', 'iSfJvlMSj^v ; yr • • . ¦•• l TVip TTArtrl nnrl Tn,. na t 7 "Do you belch up Kas?"'<
vnq V Tmiv<!nv' .<>'.- . . . j. «c . u.xiu Aarnat. >."Aro you * constipated V
¦i-ift'-rnMin 'r«t- ,'in? • «,„ l n l n r fl i ' This form of. catarrh Is most common-re- "Is your tongue boated V
430 Golden Gate avenue, San FransIRo, Cal. 6 ultlnff frdm neglected colds— quickly cured "Do vou bloat up after eating" - •
OUDflMIP ATA DDLK- with little cost by. Drs. Shores' famous treat- " Is there constant bad taste In the mouthT"
UrinUIMIU .UM iMnnn. ment.\ Now la th» time to be permanently cured.
Mrs. Johnson says: '•"I : have been a sufferer ' "J*j * our nose 8t0 , I 'P** up? '.'. . . — r—
from chronic catarrh for years. Nearly al- ..r°" s your ncse nlfcnarKe? U yr— r /jN'T PllRI I<^H OllP
H'JThla;. was my. condition when I. applied. to, r -~: J?° *??&**% s n, '"„ L^^il 0^^? i™r. In another way. This la our plan:
Drs. ' Shores. & Shores for treatment,, about two ,- J n °" c^i^,f. V^ cured now — d°n'.t let it run dav UIUCM «n B cn
t months ago. 1 .,. I can say Drs>: Shores' treatment Jnto complications. r - . . : ¦¦ .PAY WHEN CURED.
' and medicines- helped '; me ; f rom tho- start. -'.No '•" The Bronchial Tubes '• " w '* cure you first and then asti a REASON-
;morQ headachesi'my nose does not stop-up any' •-„.,.•• . :• ¦,¦,.• ,.-•„ . •*• -.' ' ABLE FEE when you are cured. You can de-
" more 'and" I >> breathe freej. I. feel better rand, >> nen- catarrh of the head or ; throat Is nex- pend upon our word. Hundreds of • patients
stronger in- every. '.way. and .take pleasure ; In ¦ !t ct , S r ¦i Wr< J. ?il y 'J 1 *? £t e «ends down have Indorsed, us. NOW WE WANT TO CURB
.recommending .Drs. Shores' treatment to all .the windpipe into the bronchial tubes, and after YOU— with the distinct understanding that we
.sufferers from .catarrh, for their treatment has a while attacks the lungs. ... .will not demand a FEE until we cure you. "W'e
I, certainly, done. wonders for me... ;..-,-..¦ •• ;.S ave y0 . u , a co V>fh? . cure LOST MANHOOD. .Seminal Weakness.
I (Signed.) "MRS. J. JOHNSON, ' Do you -take. cold easily? if^B Spermatorrhoea. Gonorrhoea. Syphilis and all
t "430 Golden Gate ave., San'Paaclseo.' Cal."- ' • «a,ve jou pain in tneisiasr. '¦ weaknesses of men. (Cases that have- becom*
{-; '. .**, W«i^Ai*« i V.V-« * '•:? ' ..R° •>'°«.' ra| se.: frothy, materials?*; " • incurable through bad treatment or neglect not
*¦•*¦' SPEC ALT ES ¦ r ¦ ' ... # Do.you jpitup Httlc eheesy.iumps?" taken at any price)./ We, absolutely cure Varl-
¦ - u- n ¦ v,V \T , .- - ,-, "Do you feel you arc growing, weaker?-; .' cocele or it don't cost. you a penny. Consulta-
!. Catarrh. Brcnchltls. -Neuralgia, 'Heart- Dls- f'-j-Oo'j f. nsk. neglecting . these warnihgs-^atop tlon and advice FREE, by letter or Jn person,
ease, .Dyspepsia, 'Skin Disease, -Ulccd '.Disease, the disease before It reaches the" lungs •¦ CALL OR WRITE
Rheumatism, .Malaria.! Ne-rvoua Diseases., /Kid- "• rvnn r»TiTAT\'i-irt « "¦ . _ 1 _ 1 . «__¦». " _._ • *
'.ncy,.; Diseases. Female Complaints. Insomnia. •• TllxS S 1-101? ThQ^T Q MOT? T7Q .C^«'*^li«+«
.Dysentery. f - Paralysis. Rickets,, Scrofula. Con- : LJEKOo Ol r LKJl\±2O OC DJTlvJlvIiO* OtD6C13.ilStSt
; sumption in -first stages, Lfver Diseases; Dis- ¦_• ' ; ..,.._.. ' ' ' * • *
¦eases of the Bowels. - ... Permarjcntly IW1I CV RAM CM ; DI nR QQQ MARifCT QT 3d Floor. San
- HOME TREATMENT CURES. WRITE FOR Located.ln «» IL L I 0 , iiLLLn DLUUii 300 Rirtn AL I 0 !• , Francisco. Cal.
SYMPTOM LIST. -FREE.' Office HcufS— Week Days,'9 a. m. to 4 p m." . Evenings 6 to 8. -Sunday* 10 a." m. to 13 'm.^
f^gDSED . DAILY
P^S YOU GANHOT
1^1 COUGHS,
[^.CATARRH,
HYOMEI is the new dry' air germi-
cide, which when inhaled goes direct
to the air passages Qf the b w d »
throat and lungs and destroys all dis-
ease germs located there.
You just breathe it naturally.
We refund themoney i{ it fails to cure.
°5c Five days treatment free, me k. i.
Booth Co.. Ithaca. N. Y.
:? Dainty If tic quarter i
sawed oak tabouret, 65c. . |
! If you are refitting your |
home with ne>v furniture,'; - j
carpets, curtains or dra- |j
peries, you ought to see ;!
our stock and learn our a
.. prices before buying; ij
| T^BrilSiant I
: FURNITURE CO., : . 1
I 338-342 POST STREET, B
i Opposite Union Square. J
Clraiidon-
* J ~ 1 " M ~ ...AND...
Brut imperial
Celebrated Vintage of IS93.
UNSURPASSED^N QUALITY. ,
' The tremendous Increaaa of 252.^32 bottles In
the importation of Moet Sc Chandon durln« th»
year 1001 speaks volumes for tho excellence of
Moet & Chandon 'White Seal. — (Exchange).
WILLIAM WOLFF & CO.
PACIFIC COAST AGENTS.
216-18 , Mission street. 8. F.
Ik^BttS^HJ^ LOOK
g at our rigkaiidtSeeif they J
|| bettei* point for point tKa^ii. a^ivy I
|| other .rig»&Itte wortK wliile iF vo\a. i
| are fobkitx*? Cor £omethii\^* ".smaartr" BSAN JUAN, Porto ' Rico, March ' 29.— The
appeal of Santiago • Iglesias, president ¦" of
Iglesias May Be Acquitted.
Evans' Ale.
Any dealer anywhere." Sherwood & Sher
wood,^ distributors, San Francisco, Los
Angeles.^ Portland; Seattle. •
Big Sale of Harness.
All goods marked ln plain figures. Spe
cial 10 per cent, discount Wednesdays and
Saturdays. - Lcibold Harness Co., 211
Larkin street. , : ' •
SANTA FE, N. M., March ¦ 29.-Mlne
Foreman Alexander * Clark -was found
murdered , last night near . : the Monroe
coal mine,., in,. Rio Arriba County. A.bul
let had i>enetrated his -^ heart. tV • Sheriff
Alexander . Read and Manager . J. •• H.
Christ left here for. Monroe to-day to ln^
vestlgatc. . •
Murder Near a Coal Mine.
Editor's Bond Is Forfeited.
SANTA FK. N. M., March 29— The
bond of William Berger, editor of the
Santa Fe Capital, ~was declared • forelted
to-day ln the District Court on four
charges of crimnal libel growing out .of
newspaper attacks upon Governor Otero.
Neither Berger - nor an attorney ap
peared when the case was called to-day.
Berger is at present at Washington, D. C.
The boy comes from a family noted In
art and letters. His aunt,. Matilda .Lotz,
Is one of the greatest living animal paint-
SAN JOSE, March 29.— In Cyril Clyde
Lotz, a twelve-year-old boy, San Jose
has probably the youneest author ln Call
fornla. He has just published his first
book. "Stories for Children," an edition
of 500 volumes having been printed. It is
composed of six stories of considerable
merit and contains forty-three pages.
This juvenile uuthor Is the son of Joseph
A. Lotz. the County Treasurer.
Cyril Lotz is a student at the Wash
burn School, and looks much younger
than he is. Since his ninth year he has
manifested great interest in composition
work, and Instead of rushing off with
other boys to play ball he read book after
book of stories. The six tales ln the book
show . much familiarity with , current
events. Two or three of them are mod
eled on the fairy tale pattern, and the
rest are interesting compositions on
school life. -'¦-. . '•¦
Precocious San Jose Lad Publishes a
Series of Stories for
Children.
TWELVE-YEAR-OLD BOY
IS AUTHOR OF A BOOK
v Speaking to-day at a picnic which the
Government tendered . to the delegates of
the industrial < unions.^ Justice Cohen, -a
member of / the . arbitration court, , ex
pressed ,the i opinion that the . court's es
tablishment would prove to be a message
of peace to < the "industrial 'world.' Labor
leaders spoke in a similar strain. The
Attorney ¦., General, , Bernard. . Ringrose
Wise, urged the employes, not to put the
arbitration act- to a full strain immedi
ately, but to be content to ask; the court
to deal with the most important questions,
such . as the limitation of the hours ! 01
labor and child labor. ..r * \
SYDNEY, ¦• N. S. W., March 29.— The
CompulBory Industrial Arbitration '.Court,
whose membership includes representa
tives of employers and employe*,* which
was recently established here, will open
in April, i • ¦ - : .
Employers and Employes Relieve
They Have Solved the Problem
of Arbitration.
PLAIT INDUSTRIAL PEACE .
IN NEW SOUTH WALES
ROCHESTER, N. Y., . March 29.— Miss
Ella*. May' Patch,' who, on, Thursday, even-
Ing, was found on the, aqueduct ln an un
conscious condition,' and afterward claim
ed she had been assaulted by a man while
crossing the bridge, made a statement to
day to the: effect that shehad bound and
gagged herself with the intention of com
mitting suicide by Jumping into the river,
but that. she: fainted before she could ac
complish : her. purpose. '¦':-.
Confesses She Told Falsehood.'
the Federation of Workmen of Porto
Rico, who was sentenced December 12 last
to three years' four, months and eight
days imprisonment on the charge of con
spiracy, to raise the price of labor in Porto
Rico, has been set down on the calendar
of the Supreme Court for a hearing April
9. It Is generally believed that Igleslas
will be ' acquitted. If not, Samuel Gom
pers, president of the American Federa
tion: of Labor, Is prepared to. carry the
case: to. the Supreme Court of; the United
States on constitutional grounds.
ers, and . his , grandmother, Mrs. Lizzie
Cross Peckham. Is an authoress of some*
note. *
LOS ANGELES. March 29.— Bernard &
Warehouse Certificates Stolen.
LOS ANGELES. March 29.— After evad
ing justice for three months Howard L.
Murphy, who, it is alleged, robbed
United States mallsacks at Palmdale,
Cal., has been captured. W. H. Carter,
formerly of Palmdale. 'saw Murphy.'driv
ing a team at . Newhall and arrested the
youth and brought him to . Los Angeles.'
Murphy confessed to the officers to-day.
Murphy - was ' employed to carry the
mails between Palmdale. and Little Rock,
in Antelope Valley. It is alleged that he
opened the -sacks and abstracted three
registered letters, on January 2 and 3.
from which he , obtained a draft and
postal orders,, upon which- he realized $S5.
"Murphy, who : is but 18 years of age, told
the officers how he opened the mailsacks
and where he burned the letters. He also,
confessed having • previously stolen two
bicycles, " which - he^ sold in Los Angeles.
Murphy, was placed under bonds of $2500.
Young Carrier Who Robbed the Sacks
Is Taken After a Three
Months' Search.
MAIL THIEF MURPHY
-': WHEN CAUGHT
BUZACO. Portugal, March 29.— The his
toric battlefield here, where the Duke of
Wellington (September 27. 1810) repulsed
the French army commanded by; Marshal
Massena. has been turned into golf linte*
tor the benefit of visitors. ¦ Tha first
match took place yesterday.
Golf on the Battlefield
CHRISTIANA, Norway. March 29.— The
Swedish-Norwegian committee appointed
to consider the abolition of the present
joint consular system of the two coun
tries has decided in favor of a separata
consular service. thu3 removing the'prin
cipal cause of friction between Norway
and Sweden. '"tffltr^WM III lllllll III
Separate Consular Service Advised.
Geyer, liquor dealers at Main and Win
ston streets, reported to the police to
day that their place had been entered on
Thursday night and nineteen United
States bonded warehouse certificates, for
five barrels of whisky each, stolen. As
the certificates are made out in the
firm's name, they can be negotiated only
by forging the - name. The certificates
represent about $10,000 worth of liquor
and the thieves evidently went to the
place with the intention of stealing these
alone, as nothing else was molested.
Kexican Mission for Evans.
WASHINGTON. March 29.— H. Clay
Erans will probably be appointed Em
bassador to Mexico. Powell Clayton the
Embapsador to Mexico, is en route to
Washington, it is believed, to exDlain the
charges made against him by manv
Americans resident In Mexico. It is a eo
incidence that Evana' resignation was
handed tn the President about the rim.
Roosevelt thought a change in Mexico
was imperative, and the resignation Tof
Evans was made public at the time Em
V basrador Clayton started to Washlnp-fV.n
It is believed here that Evans is to £
transferred to the diplomatic service »i
once. nMennfiEHi " dl
LOS ANGELES. March 29.— There will
be no noral queen at the coming . fiesta.
Mrs. O. H. Posey, who was expected to
represent that character, is in San Fran
cisco and has not yet decided to act As
ehe will not return until a date about two
weeks previous to the fiesta opening, the
time \rould be too short to perfect ar
rangements- Therefore the nesta com
mittee ha* decided to abandon the idea
No Queen of the Fiesta.
SAN RAFAEL. March 23.-Although
Sam Rafael is beins patrolled by special
policemen and detectives are on watch
every night, the nrebue seems to disre
gard all precautions. The William Tell
House, a Swiss resort, under the manage •
metn of J. Albert!, was marked for de
struction *ome time last night. The
house R-as entered and kerosine Mberally
scattered over some mattresses and blan
kets in the hall. It was presumed by the
proprietor that the only reason that his
place wa3 not destroyed was that some
boarder entered the hall and frightened
away the incendiary. The criminal es
caped by the rear through a small veg
etable garden, his footprints being plain
ly dtsc«-rnab!c ln the soft dirt. The
tracks are those .of a man wearing about
a No. fc ihcft.
tion of the "William Tell*
House.
Incendiary Boldly Plans the Destruc-
SAN RAFAEL'S FIBEBTJQ
SCARED FROM HIS TASK
This route was linally agreed upon after
a number of preliminary surveys had
been made. It establishes a uniform
grade of about lVs per cent. This will in
sure much faster transportation, and,
while the undertaking is one Incurring
enormous expense, the future saving by
the company also will be great. The new
tunnel will be lighted by electricity.
Considerable improvements will be made
by the company in Nevada, and if all the
railway extensions are bunt this year the
total mileage will be a record-breaker,
bcveral contracts for the reconstruction
at th<; Contra I Pacllic between Wads
wonh and Ogden wore let last Wednes
day, making a total of twelve contract t>
up to date. The latest contracts call for
the bunding of two hundred miles of rail
road at a total cost of J5.1bO,OW. Most of
the contractors are at work and there are
MW more than 2C'X» men and more than
UOo teams employed. Where very heavy
cuts are bcir.i; made day and night force*,
nrc at work, as many of the contractors
have hud electric lights installed. Steam
Fhovels. locomotives and automatic dump
8 di^ e and ed lin{n° g . eXPedlle the WOrk "5
It 1* said th;.t by the middle of next
May an army of 70u0 graders will be cm
p.oyc-d along the Central Pacific. The
J,»rt r ' Jil , ,\> V °P'- V . w "ant to pet the heaviest
l-fV'S • nc . work i n lhls Slal « and Utah
finished by the end of the year. The cut
off acropfl the north end of the Great Salt
Lake will require much longer time
The survey for the tunnel brings its
wett end on tne Yuba. north of Soda
Springs station. Leaving the tunnel on
the w*'ft, the line comes down a gorge in
the New Hampshire rocks and follows
down the west side of the Yuba, crossing
the flat at Cisco, near Iron Spring. It
will bo necessary to run another tunnel
lrom the Yuba Valley into Bear Valley,
and tbe road will pass back of Emigrant
Gap, some 400 feet above Bear River.
The new survey, which has been com
pleted, leaves the main line at Rocklln.
A tunnel passes through Boulder Ridge;
thence the line goes up Dutch Ravine,
west cf Newcastle. Auburn Ravine is
crossed below the Stone House after the
line tunnels through the point at Bloomer
Ridge. The survey passes a short dis
tance west of Auburn and intersects the
main line near Clipper Gap. The present
grade from Clipper «iap to Colfax is con
sidered batistuctury, although a vast
amount or work win be done in cutting
cut curves. ¦'-•'.',''
The proposed work of the company la
of extreme interest to trans-California
travelers and involves a question of time
In transportation. It will cost millions of
dollars and will consume years in con
struction. Now that the survey has been
finished, specifications will be made Im
mediately and contracts let. The new
route over me mountains will necessitate
the tearing up of many miles of track
and will tollow directions much at vari
ance with the old. It is expected, If the
plans of the railroad company are con
summated, that ground will be broken
before the end of the year.
AUBURN. March 29.— The corps of
Bouthern Paclilc surveyors and engineers,
has Just completed the burvey for the new
tunnel through the Sierra, which will be
one of the longest In the world. Accord-
Ing to the records of the survey It will
be 6 miles and K00 feet In length. It will
chn.inatu nearly 1000 feet of grade and
will reduce .the length of snuwsheds -S
miles, or from 40, their present aggregate
length, to 12 miles.
Ep-cUl Dispatch to The Call.
Will Cost Many Millions of Dol
lars and Years Will Be Con
sumed in Its Con
struction.
Its Underground Route to Be
'the Longest in the
World.
Southern Pacific Now
Ready to Pierce the
Sierra.
COMPLETES
SURVEY FOR
BIG TUNNEL
THE SAN FRANCISCO, G^L, SUND^
21
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
CURES WEArTMBTFREET^
Insures Love and a Happy Hona
for All.
How any nan may quickly cere himself art*-
jtti-s of exifTerlnE trom sexual weaknesi il\l
\ilality. n'.rht los,rfs. varlcocele. etc., and »r
UiSi t»mall. weak orgaos to full size and vlcoV
tr imply your name anJ adJres. to jj!>
Krjxp? Mescal OtfJJlOT Hull building. Detr"','
Mich., and they will gladly send the tree r
telpt with full directions so any maa " re ;
easily cure hin-.self at home. This j« certalnlv
a most cenerou* effcr. and Ihe rollo«ing "I
u-i.Cn taken froin their dally mall, iho» *i,:,
ru«-. think of their generosity. "**
•Dear K;r«: Please accej>t my sincere thank-
fcr y>ur» of recent date. I have given you?
ireatrwnt a thorough lest and the benefit h a-
been extraordinary. It has completely 'br&cuJ
ir.e up. I «m ju«t aa vigorous a« when a b *
4.uJ you i-annot realize how happy I am."
••t-ear Sirs: Your method worked beautl
lu:iy Ji^oltu were exact!)* what I needed.
jjtrenirth and vigor hav« completely returned
uiid t-ri'-argrment Is entirely satisfactory."
"Dear ti'.rK: Yours was received and I h*j
r.o trouble in making use or the receipt as jj.
jected. and fan truthfully sny It is a boon to
%v«ak men. I am greatly Improved in siz«
utrtnctli and vigor." 1
All correfa ndeneo 1* strictly confldentla!.
mailed in pi^.n. cealed envelope. The receipt
. U f r«* for the asking and they want every man
to have It.
* THE* EMPoilTJM/ | • 'THE EMPOEIUM. .. : j THE EMPOBIUM. . . I :>^^^^
jf . . ¦ . . .¦ -,.-¦•.. ¦ ¦.
$ Sale Satchel Baskats. Read whit ihe Talking Sign says. Our great eleefmah * 6^ 5
g\ IntktBssks' ¦ Dsparttn nl. second fljorJ V * ' •Jf. * ; *.' * * ¦ . 'O " Sale. 5
£ ,. w j'-° fftr ". for ' .^^T 21^^ The i '002 f Par j so Is : are here ,a charming assortment, moderately < priced, $1.OO to $7.50. ¦ tf/^£^mb^- Monday 5
JJ Monday on y S ««s. i^^^^faj " 7 ¦ . V - "V- ¦ , ''• V^i? V> . '•=•.• Vr.i •¦ l } ' * . . '..>;*: M^6£MW\ n I V T J S
K of the nice, l'git jii^ i^^IU%M. \ ' — • «= : . ; ' •. ' ¦,'.', .,..,* . r , -- V ,. - MZ^QL L^JM Only — 37 Om .S
5 Bas-tet s aK heh si-^J^I^^S^a On ' new Sir ing Catalogue \ the 'Emvornmfxonomist, is now ready for distribution to otif-of-town folks, contains com- rr%Ki\S» a i 'vv; r S
9t lustratcd, ' so con- F^^^^-^^^^^H j i j t 41 :„,;":>..•.'• , . ¦•' n , r > : i- , 'I T^ : ))\ • A Jar 8 e lo: 0I C
}f vcnicnt for carrying SpS:<t$^<f W^ e "f! 5 * 5 °'. " u new S/>™Z goods.: Send tiam* for free copy. i'lxP Men's UnUnn- ;
j. imall packages, > ; . ; — \ ' — — — —^ "- : — ¦ ¦ : * i t dcrcd Shirts, made Jt
| lushes, bathing suits, etc ; :1 NzwSprfag Foulards. r fl| fc ii»H ...¦ A Speofai Sale of O f gobd quality mus'-in, J
* io-:nch, 20c sze . . .f4-O The most pt?pular dress fiks of tht season. .A . /S) \ffl ; yS"-- . ¦• ¦ " Sofa CusMoh.TopS I8O. i '.' j I linen bosoms, cut full size, .J
ST .iz-tncb, 30c we . . .' 22O vey choice colectian of these rich liberty V^^^^% jfs^ ' * \— _^- A^ _** > jf. w — mm MT 1* A lot of 366 Flora BeUe and square tinted Soft \^J/ With all latest improve- 5
X 14-inch, 40c sire 3 ~c ioulards; we have them in all the new shades . M M/m .L/ m/k^yM / O^£ f^vf^I B B §3 &WM Cushinni " that arc jli o 'htly soiled buC not JT^ mentS well made and per- **
16-inch, 50c s'ze . ...... . 38o of medes, blur, rose and greens, designs ex- Wjf^^^^M^^J^^yjS'MM^/iyM^^ysLa^^jFn enough to interfere with th: embroUering, VL' .' , f «J
* 18-inch 6ccsi« 45c cluave with us, an extra special -j_ Jgf B *^^***/ M Mv^I €• *& I^P^I^SrM^JL— ¦» tops an-4 backs at least 50c each, many iSCt in every r^jpecx. on ,^
V ' i -¦ quality, 24 inches wMe, per yard €»«? C - |PrtDW| .,— inor+ircT- M 8WHW»«^ *"^ • of r" • • in floral, burnt Uather and sale Monday only, each ... .. 37 G "•«
\ ~ AILslk Spider Grtradinei-In 8 : different CALIFORNIA 5 coi-.- i^ign., have bew marked for .{
£ Percale Safe SO. ****, -width 44 inches, an exceptional vdue -OJ^^^P^AMERieA'S GRANDEST.STORi! ; - -• ; .d,y on y, top and 25c Handkerchiefs 14?. *
S 5000 yards of ihe b«t Percale in ihe per yard • ' *''° o J*—^ / » *-"¦''- '"** Special Sale Monday. I
I market, whue grounds w::hn=at fig- • UndermusHn Safe ExtraonSin^rv. &k S$SS^^^!S : S i
*• ures, smoes and medium dark effecs, . cF'jA %JMMlB*?a KMMUUS9 SEMM %P9Mi*r Bm*±*tt **%SW MnattOMa jym ®- -W boxes, so sold to uj at a price which enables 5
£ a i2^c vaiur, Monday on y, fMi |^k Beginning Monday and lasting ail through the waek. jJ^£jL us t0 "y {oT Mondi y fulI y * third len x
* y»rd ;. •¦ 9c yJW'ymSL' ¦ Th9 Burns stotsk-Dno-haff to oni-thfrd off. s^W-ilfc I
5 Wh-te India Linon- 31 inchrs widr, v«y >/W CfeCS^V Fn? clean new style gaod. at lesjthm waoxule pric:*. Tns W. H. Birni Co, of Wor- r^# ; "5S>w\ 3Sied fwSS fine Va?-Scien«s ed«^«nd"* 5
J. sheer xveav: and unusual quality at the price, ffl 11 cestcr, Mass., arc th: largest mmufdcturcrs of white w:xr in th: U iit:i Su::s. W; r=c:ntly bought \ y*%%g?\ \ IC rtion, the very best 20c and 25c values J
X *" V ' * -••'•• 12yzO U- M)V // i-flBfW 1 ' Jj all the stock that th:y hid left from theV spring (t"iijs;am) outiu:, aid it ammiti t3 hjiirsii of d«;m of piecss. Ths \ f tjfr\ \\ ordinarily, specul' to-morrow, each * j. • 3*
g FinO MJ«#/»as—3» inches wide, in the // JM\ l! /!//% \M : prices at which.wc s:cur.-i thi«s?l:nlil sti:k of Ma»Hn W:\r w.:ri su:S thit. vou cat h»vs th- gn.Uai hst than /III v '/,\ \\ ' f M^rSm 5
»» new waisting colorings, a very choice quality, lj| J/,_ Wmlj '< I j / 'J Jj^+s'. dealt n usually fiiy fit tlum. Cam; Tujsdiy if you caino: comj to-morrjw, bu: 01 n> a:coui: mus this sale. "/Sri*- 1 \l ____^__^— — . 3»
J P«>^d . . . . 2So b\i \Jl'; ; \f( Burns Co# i; c corset Covers, sale prlcj. . .Sc Bvrns C3. $1.00 Drawers, embroidery trimmed 65c MW§S0i@&M Ladies' Silk Vests. $
6 Magazines and Period!- W Z I % ." I Z I £ " I 'f,~' ". ' I''&.JHHH Unusually Cood V^ucs. :|
V Ladies* Home journal. ' I/Ml \\ " " 60c " lace trimmed .35c " M $1.03 " lace trimmed 55c Tw ° othtr qualitiis. tach, $1.25 and s
£ Ail cf the magazines and periodicals on sale I " " 75c " embroidery trimmed . . 42c ' " . •* $1.25 u embroidered trimmed, ,67c w* Jr" ' $3.50. jj
«• as soon as published, in the magazine section of n ~> r> ci • , > ' ' , . . ¦' rf , " '.' . ML Ladies* Superior Lisle VtJti — Haad-croche:id «
£¦:' Book Department, mab floor. Subscriptions - ; Drawers, Corset Covers, Skirts and Go wru, great bargains up to «Q yoke and over shoulder, ehher pbk, sky blue "X
J taken. : ,v" -V, L:mit on Corset Covers— On'y four of a kind^^^ to a cusfomer. or white, each $1.25 $
$ — : ) ¦ — ¦¦ ~ — — : : : = : — ; ; : — i — ' S
i Sale Sterling Silver Novelties, Beautiful, Summer Dress Fabrics. Fashions for Boys. d£s^ \
\ o6& rTIiin^m H & Monday Only, 33c. Best Possible Qualities tor the Prices, Oar Ncw s in Stock i$ now Iete> Thc 1%r2fi |
*" vl^/ /fl 1 1 il M^w^a^^s 2000 pieces of Sterling Silver Nov- §laUl9 IStrtt — ' '. • ' ¦ prett est, most winsome styles for children rhat our buyer jt^xrL *
i" iSw /'!/! il I P eltics guaranteed Q2C-iooo fine- ex- 44-inch Voile de Gaze— A -popular new weave, in all the leading shades. could find in Ncw Yo k. A larger and better assortment /f^^yJ^v 5
i 'viV-t\ P I m-k^^*^ ?' • 1. ¦ ¦ t/ • u u a- ' ' ' I- 43-inchBatists-Imported, beautiful silky finish, 1 z popular colors thari at thc Guaranteed Money-Saving Emporium n %f A 5
»° Wk I fl P 1 heavy 3^-mch handles, in pat- 44-inch Mohair Panama— The new weave for street suits or separate sk rts, all colors. , p . 7 ; °, r 1 """"* / P /H «
fJ/llli^U terns shown in illustration and 2 . 4 6 - irch s f l ? c * 'Mistral Etamine-In leading summer colorings ._ . r -5«- : . /, > S
t II IP *Lrs; Hooks, Fi.cs, Too:h Brushes, Nail Brushes/Shoe Horn,, £7*%^ >™'^ *«" ' Boys' Sailor Suits-For age, 3 to 10, thc handsomest and $ T |
V IP W Blotters, Darn.rs, Bells, P.per Cutters, Seals and Eraser, will ' 9 ' m ™J?£&ZLuk and wool; very fashionable color,. gradCS % b!u "' br0WnS and n0VClty | J «
H W •¦ ' be on sprcial sale to-morrow, only, at the incredibly 48-inch Voile de Gaze— A species of Etamine, leading shades. n "• Y V - V ' r ' V ' '*• I'" n u* \ ' flW 5
b* » 1 ¦ 1 • ¦¦ »• • l 99«« o- \r ' u "* a ««' « " . r l# » , 6 ... ; Boys Spring Top Coats — For ages 3 to 1 c years: the swell short top > j \\)W V
* low price for sucn quarts, each 33G ., 48-nch Canva' A , ar j^ , th m brown, navy, t, n and black. coat, i" a"-wool tan coverr, with velvet collar, only. . . .$4.95 SsTWW-^ S
?. • ___^ 46-inch Satin Prune a — Beautiful finish, all colors, superior quality. r\ ui n l j < -i r o ' ' . . ,™7.. V^'Ww^lf «
I - povu,^ Mvsic. «,, a =5 lJ^ TL^BFM^To Wl I
L Bought trom the L-.c Johnson Music Co. 1000 RpnnWOt Sf* f5itM3i»ti Eolijnne, 48-inch satin fi lish Peau de Gant, 48-inch Si k and Wool Crep: de Chine, in all of 9<S.*5 to &7.5U 1 ffl •*
?• COD cs of Sheet Music including th» fullnw. mm%?Im%JrwV MM %#l* \J> MCMSMM 9 . . ,• • i • j ¦ ¦ tf>* s • • ' ftffl K9 •*
jk copes or ar.ect music, muuaing tne roiiow- ** the leading spring colorings, per yard ... . . .$1,51} Gnanfat nf Witch GiaHc H ¦ It
jf mgwelknow.i titles, which we shall place *& 0% £ *&§£. ' — ' ' " : ; OpBCiat OaiB OT WVaSn OUIZSa ¦ ¦
i re n a u :C rc J c I ia ld ti? " T'^ 1^ thcir !^ ular * " fOI* 2S&Ga On the Salcstables Tuesday willrbe offerings of fine Embroideries, at a little Boys' $2.50 W«<i Sai'or Suits $I.79-Si*es for 3 to 10 year,, im- ILJia 5
re a prccint is stor.-, per copy . S'lle All the We k more than half regular prices; Ladies' Neckwear, Men's Fancy Hosiery, Vases ported Madws, Percales and Linen Crashei, all warranted fast colors; /*3E**& &
S ' "My Darktown Gal' March » JL ' ¦ ' ' n ?nd House Furnishing Goods, Dress Gaods Remnants, etc. Monday only . . . . f ..-...'. 51. 7O '• J
•f "Bello of Honolulu March." I i ! — ' ; '¦ — J€
i "YouV Soney n No c Good"-Ions. CPwif em n& *to as* &* b bq Ira fftf &$ fftoBBGZG&lfottS ff& Recent Popular Fiction* jj
i " Don ' t lou plTrt^JS^ We Mu&t Fifty items (some for Monday only, some for all the week), first-class reliable . merchandise at prices that £&. &L li
g HaLeHaL^, copy fS C BCtltlinff, MUSHUS, TOWClS, EtCm SHIt PillOWS Complete, $1,97. »Etenuiatr,"byHaUCaiae *i. S o $1.20 J
I White Muslin-Cose woven, no dressing, 36 inches wide, a good quality that A special. lot (. .7 only) of fine silk pillow top; in 80 beautiful designs of three '^SSL'J^l}^- 5 ° * U * J
g •===» SpBchl Monday could not be bought at the mill to-day under 8c yard, one case 7 | • ¦= . or four, colors each and heavy cord and tasse', fine mercenzrd sateen, backs, H o P e |i. S o $1.20 J
I rV Sale BicyslQ only; on special sale Monday at * 2& and a good pillow inside all complete that sell regularly -The Man From Glen- . 2
g %*«v*cr *«.i,jr~*t7 .'. „.,. ..... • • , r „ ah w««l m.nk.ii r.ilfnmi* mak* every day at each, specially priced fcr. Monday only %P I m %J M garry," by Ralph Connor . 51.50 $1.20 £
K • Foot FumnSm 3ed Spreads -Whie sat n finish; the original Cray All-Wool Blankets— California . make, o ', ,. ,. . \ r . «i r rt .... - 1 . - . ' ,. TI . . , , X
S -ru «• '¦*¦* rilmj * ,. p.tented m.ke, the handsomen and best wear- . tine enough for beds at home .s well as for NiW Burlaps— 36-m. pla.n and figured 23O Opcn-Work Colored Muslin — Hemsttched -— - _ fc
tf These BxyceF^t Pump,, x«,X fng in the maricet; instead of QQ camper.;. » ?i at,the very „ Q - Adjus u b ,e . Curtain Stretcher with easel, . r ' ' ' ' / ' u ' O 2 °?> NeW Premiere Kid 5
V / v . i«h seamlrss'. steel tyhnder, 52.7c each, tale price .'..: Ifecial value per pair ... &&M&O . fl Cretornes— 3a and 36 inches wide, a splendid /C/oi/nQ 111.50 *
t U f*^^ r'-™ '^90^$f^^^m^^M^P •fcrft^d't^tg.'r. .WehavTifsflpeTef^f j „ ¦¦ |
S )^ base, iM.eh hose and . W ,ve , JJJg _*f inch ". ' A ****h on p •¦ • •/ . . . . f*# O • . 6 . . 12%O, 15o, 20t> *** 25o dozen of this most popular f=| §
* Mj) hardwood hande, regularly S oc 2;^' a lc\t .'*'-' $f»7& ¦ '^^ *" d mWt » atilf * ctor y L vj
tC f"\ • each, special Monday only.. . Bine Whi e Blan-et!— First-class California Huck Towels— Sits 18x36 inches, red borders, . . ..• . 15o :,• •, • SOo, 6Q0, 75o Ladies' Cores, for which c • ;\tg
\-i ......... ..33C LamlV Wool Bankets for large teds, a very hemmed, almost alllinen, and fully I bached, / HOUSB FurnlshlnUS SHl/ GrOCkerV. we *? exclusive q X
i excelent, handsome covering, -,>-«- « good article, . very low tf# O CZ 1***9*9, r—M UI9MMMMya <*'?* Wrwtncry. agents in this city. They {{
tC ~ \ inpritty bordered effect, pair %H*r»9& priced at dcieh . . . . . . fflMmXO Assortmen'S m these departmtnts are are the perfection of- fit J
S N&W Wrist BaCfS. ' . ' ¦?' ;! - < Tirf -'(r^^vVi greater than ever before, and while the «pe- and finish, and are fully \$ . Jj
i Stafeja A Easter Week r«r nlture Saie - ¦ M WSm* -,a?ri^"Jr^ k — ;y:»is spga^s % J |
j£ receptace f«r money and 8 \ L'St week's successful sals of samples' of Fine Furniture will be continued ?1 find the goods new, perfect and desirable in every way. medmm shades of ; \ ; J»
K sma I a. rcles for shoppers; I % {qt another ,j x fay SM Upon the fifty-nine pieces remaining vyc have put closer '§ ; . - - -- ; "•- r ,- ) Ton^ Oxlhods '¦ \ \ fi 5
ft a so in $ty« s fjr dress wear. jl a . . • • • 1 •¦ ' f, ¦ - n -, — -, _ U1 TTn^Lf ' . » , -, \ 1 **
ft Genuine Seal Wiis: Bag— fl \ trices than before to positively insure their sale this week. , . . & : V^S^^ j3V ¦ ' * , ,^-^ moms, urttns, y ; ¦ S
I ScT silv^d S / \ Extension Tablc-L=ke pic ure; fine qutr- ?-^| T3 "ig^^^ =>^ """W^ J |
¦ and c'asD OO f— 'n, ft tercd sawed cak top, massive, artistically carved _-_ . i>/F /O' ' /of^CO Also DiacK wtta red, white I —
* Genuine sLi^th ?x" /^^^ -cgM tab,e cx:end S P> 6 feet, with eas/ moving /F . :' . "J ««k stitched back, , V^j \}\j] $
S» dized frame and jewr led S^^^^mi. sUd " ; r:duceJ fiom l l8 -°° ~t r <^~*^ A\»ntles fcr We'sbach or any ether gas burner— Meat Saw— Good tempered steel, kitchen or "I^wttandpra w.th ,J
iY snake clasp. .$2.5 •> «^Ka^9 tQ . . . . ' &M&.£;9 fessgep^ess^ss---^^ The "Osoe^'or Renown, double frame, meat saw, will saw anything, regularly 25c, blacjc and self-sutched bac!cs } the best gbvc J
J. Suede Leather— With gilt .icavily Carved S r dcboard — Go'den oak, fc|tf Mg heav y tri P Ie woven » regularly 35c, Monday Monday only 16O at " le P " Ce $1*50 Jr
y and cxidired jewel snake c asos, i 1 3 s-zes lull swel. front, with <8x36-inch French biveled- tS \jS. rrmRI /^(Hfl onl y • • 21 0 rHri.K, K'nlf, <:.». .-^ f .j ,„, A1-. #7- am 5
J; .... $253, $2,75, $3 5C pate mirror; 'redured from ." , fjj W" fl »l . Berry Dlshrs-W.tuion cut glass, good pat- Ch^J 3 S^t^ i NoVelttOS In LaCCS *
S Kfyfinenew ChateMne 'Bag. „**'"» .•,•¦•/¦¦ f 25 '°P u ; All S 1 iil tern, w: r:h75do « n ,- Monday on,y,s-t of 6 .^.SS^aSSr^if^ *"!# l^ress Trimmings. S
5" , . . , .r „. Hand-Pollihcd BvIIct— Go den ofk, with WW Sjr W \M Q ......',.. . .:. . ¦-. . ..24-Cs / ' , . ',-,../ m%JV The largest assortments and the most
'S With tmi.Upurse K for $1.2 5 . -, handsorne carvings French , eg8> 8l « ' llx+2 S , Q »* TeaKeTe-Nkkel-plated, oil stoye.^^ be«rifeK oM^S «d d1«t5™ 3f
— • . inches, with top sheif, side bracket, and Frenth . <S g a^ quart :««;— __ .: -,r . shape, prettily decorat:d, worth aoc, bc . aUtlful h ° c of Lac « and Dress Trim-
Ji" — ¦# r r O*. Plate mirror: reduced from -»-. - 9 ' • ' • enln ?5 1::d handle « ) ( • A v • special Monday only, each. . S© mmgs we have eve/ owned are now on {t
«> Extra VaiU3S Bn £»nOBS* 35 oo t0 &27aOQ flat bottom, worth r ¦ 4-Quart Saucepan— Best quality display and sale in thc Lace Depart- "5
* Lad «* Vici Kid Lace Shoes— With dull kid ' Iron Bed— L : .ke cut; either white, at bast 3 $c,special h A A A of enameled ' ware, handled and ment, main floor. &
5 or vici kid tops, patent leather tips, lstes: ,!&==^3B^_j»~ . . • li.,. , PMm nr Matt mimfVil tinted wifh ' Monday.... 26 O "/ . \ I J.-\-\ • ',*' covered, a good 50c . . £
§ style toes, TghS-efght sole,, CubanV-s,/ t^MW^t " /^ I S ' ft - «' ° D M^ I'S" ' p'toS « ?£i 5
tf neat, dressy shoe that you wou d expect to TI 1 H TT >^fev frWd from tifi «o to - efj_ **¦{. .... ML la <^^«~ 39O V*J* Ti 25O to $1.50 «
I pay « lent $3.00 for' . . . }&£ .||| II 1 I ! iv" ; W75 -,: i--,, •' .' , V T j ' fe ¦ F «^25O to 54, 50 . |
*C IVehavnhecbove a!s>withueited>x . I fi^^TSrW?? Bedroom Suite— Solid oak; your choice / .S-^^^°'& pfc> JW / . «*. ' \\ - Irah Crochet Medallions, galoons, festoons aad J
*;'¦ Union -so'ts anJ mili a,y he.h at ill !|/*^A| I 0^3 1^1(1 il of 4 different styles, with either oval, oh- (w A ~^\ <¦^ fcEErr^inS*- 2 ! KPS '! f^T*L^ ¦ Q aL-overs, yard . . . . 25o to $S.OO M
5 sameprice. ; -;,r . . 1 . fe^*VQ»MP^ II 1 long, upright ( cr square French plate mirror i'A^l^l^V? /^v 4 V^ ~r**LsJ ¦ \-^ //^— — -* Y^^lJ^" ~ Taffeta A PP'*1 ue oa Net, in black, white and «
5':- Udies* Tie:— Vici kid, black or tan. Oxford U JLJUL JULLll on dresser; just one of each, and a most HQ^~"2aJj : J^tsgra^ S^-' ' J** * ' *,3 . 7* colorsj for frontingj aad waistjj chiffon appl^ V
jK te«, new style toe?, hand-turned so'es, mi!i- fk^^T == * : ~ ftjLs •*Wp~Z2P\ unusual bargain at the *m ** jm ¦'¦ ~ g* /^^T**" ¦ ~[v~\f/' \~T y# [j^- " "**" J« &' q«e in black, whits, ¦ Persian aad pompadour, •* *%
jf Uryheels, a splendid value, per pair. S,/ f 5 Tj ==:==^^^^ i^^M/f^i L reduced price . ... m&Z*rmOU I. ;. (y/- ,G *y» i ftr- r^;} £^ 8 * > V'^'.'V'/.'J 1 * 18 inches wide for frontings and waists; per •*
aV , ' K -^ Odd-Shaped Tabovrette — W.th lower <k^*- • ''¦' \Jf> / >t^~ >> \ **JL^u.- l^ga^^F?/ ' '^VOS^'V'' « " * " " ' * * * t^^ t °S7.5O j{
k* D 4 «l-~-^ *O« shelf, mahogany finish; re- # — -^^ S^,,,, t!^^^ Y&£?Zg* n4 Z f / V^Vo." Applique Trimmings, in black, white and .J
*" — >. 8St-jn*mS 1JD ana U. . duced Jrom f 2.00 to. / / 91m^U f Z6£ • 73? r •¦-- v3,9/J colored effects, yard .. 25© to 54.5O «
Other Grocery SpDCffalS ; V .- .77 pi . / ** v . <Tl , F , 7 •• m c, S- m w Embroidered Gn™ Cloth Trimming,, yard .. 5
J. Our Eest Eaitrn Ham, for which our pric: is . ' Garnet and RuU Sale. Nickel Lamp-Fat wicki burner, ch.mney, "The Florence Oil Siove - Th» widely $1 m2 Oto$5,75 |
i' always th- West regularly 1 ams that ar- %*drpG* 91711 KUff ViilEi . . 7 -inch opal Vienna shade, lamp ;i 7 inches known and high grade one-burner oil stove, " m **' ******* jg
§ worth t.-d"ay i S c and ihe market advanci These very sptcial prices for Monday and during ths week are on a large ta ». «P"« e complete fi.oo, on special odorless and clean that we sell regulary for Mnntfaw Mfnunw C«F« 5
tt ... , a- . . • i i .# . . ; • ,» ' . ; - . sale Monday, only ... . ... . . . 73o 95c, specul Monday only ... . . 77O MWMUWWU&y LlquOjT OdJSf • V
j w,a be offered at spccal sale Monday^-, ir . vo .; cc of Nc w Czrpcts which have just come into ..the Store— I 3 O piecrs or Wrbigh> lo/candelatra-With three colored Thl blown iridescent Claret Glasses, dozen. Port. !h I rry or AngeHca-Our regular $L S O ¦} X
* F CV Rice— Carolina head ri'r long clean :oc lat ? : P rod UCtions of some of the most famous carpit mills in the country. . candles, complete, worth 50c; Monday 29O ... ... ....... .$2,25 AA quality; special Monday, per gallon . . <£
J Ee t Maiie Lorn— Monday, 5 tins . .5-C - .this week, per yard . . . ., .,. •¦¦.¦• • • • • • yJCl _, ; . . .. . \ . ... . . $t. 25 Asparagus Boilers, holds several portions 65O Zoon, Monday, per bottle • B5O %
g Cliforrla Creirn Cheese-New and nvld ¦ VTap'Stry Carpet— Extra quality, closely 'woven, very large /^ Thin blown engraved Tumble^ do«" 5#loO Sta» E« Poacher., don't break egg. . SWO MeadvIHe Rye Whiskey-The highest quality *
J. specaJy pneed for Monday lb . . . /^O t atsor tment of dedrab'e Spring Pattern, and coor effects; special price this week, yard 73C Thin b , own^^ en !7 aved claret Tumblen Tdoz " '' ™ t **°»J<* % 'x? l > V**» *** • ¦-• • 2Oo of pure Rye Whiskey for medicinal and £
S T a p««ry:Brv»c l5 _Hcav y ,.dur«b I e; weave, "in ,wo-«o M d; red Ld •' •' i»S JT "" "'"""" '"' " iSo I
*>* t \ r\ ' p ...... t: r ,, .,1, , iw.' green effects; special price, this week, per yard .'., . «WC Thin blown Finger Bowh, do?sn . . $2,25 Gas Tubing, per foot .. .... . . . 5s » D /- „ * * «* .1 *,"**.*"* ' O9U V
g SanUCIara fancy «ock,^bs E x - ra Lmo . eum _ M ade ofpulverized cork, in one of the best mill, in „ 50 ] Renovar-cLns Carpets and dothe,, bottle A ' f*^ B^P^^ $1.35 $
J Family Blend Co:fee-Try a pound, you will this country; per square yard . ... .... ••;••••• •' Thin Wown^arT Table Claret- An excellent quality, 'gallon . . 'J
IT like it, only .. . . 25O AlI-WOOl; 5myrna KugS— Heavy quality, m Persian and floral ef- ¦¦ Thin blown handle Lemonade Glasses, dozen . Improved Flutng Iron, our price . . .75© • : • • > 40O X
J» New E right Lt mots— Per dozen .. .]15i f«ts, siie 30x60 inches; special this week only, each .; . . . ..... . Sffli.mfU ....'....''... . . . .$2.00 Up-to-patc Tiouser Hangers . . . . . 10o Re'.sliaj — An extra quaUty, gallon. . . 75o 5Townsend's California glace 'fruit. 50c a
2/ound. . in flre-etched boxes . or Jap. bas
kets. A nice present 'for Eastern friends.
129 Market st.. Palace Hotel building. •
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's),. 230 Cali
fornia street. Telephone~Main 1042. ?
Cat -glace iruit DOc per lb at Townsend'».»
Ex. strong hoarhour.d candy. Townsend's,'
! Senator Hanna has once more announced that he is not and will not be a candidate for the
Presidency, but. the boom for 'him will continue; just the same for some months to' come. The
silly season is just opening. : t r . •
It is noted in Lbndon;that Joseph Xhamberlain is no 'longer neat in his dress, nor wears
a flower in his buttonhole; -so -it would seem' the Boer war is wearing on him a little and inclines
him to thoughts of sackcloth.^ -,._______ . ..' . .,V V
Iowa's two Senators, Allison and Dolliver, voted against the shipping bill, "and the press
of the State is commending them for doing, sot Iowa . has£no ships and doubtless her people
think they have no need of them, but all the same when the bill becomes a law/ and 'under its in
fluence the American. merchant marine begins to widen the markets^ for American industries,
the Iowa fellows .will be just as eager to get^ their goods to market as the people of California.
• "You bet I did!" exclaimed the colonel,
his eye kindling. "I stood . on the bank
and smoked a corncob pipe as she slid
down into the water!"— Baltimore Sun.
"Did you take any part in the launch
ing of the battleship Missouri?" asked
one of the colonel's friends.
Clara— I might not love you any more,
Henry, but I know I would look forward
to our wedding day with a degree of im
patience that never seems to possess me
at present.— Tit-Bits.
Henry— If I were rich, darling, would
you love me" more than you do?
Beautiful Maiden— It is, Philip. I have
applied the cyanide of potassium test, and
it does not respond.
Anxious Young Man— Camilla, is your
love for me absolutely dead? ' .
"I admire Mr. Greenstuff immensely."
"Why, he doesn't think so." . ¦
"That's just why I like him— because he
has sense enough to know I can't tolerate
him."— Indianapolis News.
Kenneth Mason, a business -man of New
Mexico, is at the Occidental. He has just
returned from Manila, where he was
studying the; commercial prospects.
Ernest F. Blgelow. a young clubman of
New York, returned yesterday "from 'the
Orient with his wife. They are. at, the
Palace. . ..-¦/'
Colonel N. S. Bingham. a prominent
officer of the National Guard, •who resides
at Sacramento, is registered at the Occi
dental. '. * >: *'
Dr. N. B. Campbell of Patton la a guest
at the Grand. '
I. Dannenbaum, a merchant of Vallejo,
is a guest at the Grand.
A. R. Stewart, Deputy Collector of the
Port of Hollo, Is at the Occidental.;
O. A. Turner, a mining man of Tono
pah. Is at the Palace, accompanied by his
wife. . . , r / '":'.
John Cross, a railroad contractor of
Los Angeles, is among the arrivals at the
Palace.
C. R. Van Osdel, a lumber dealer of
Tuolumne County. Is registered, at the
Grand.
Dr. James P. Kearney, surgeon for the
AJaska Packers' Association, left yester
day for the north. Sv'^vJl
'A. P. Stewart, traveling passenger
agent of the Chicago and Alton, is a
guest at the Occidental.
PERSONAL MENTION.
Such being the case the advice;bf the Mayor, and of the Labor Council is the best that
could have been given.. It is both i wise, and timely. It tends to conserve the interests of the pub
lic without sacrificing any 'right or waiving any claim the street-car employes may have, and if it
be followed will win for them the approval of the public. I ir' :
It is to be borne in mind that the new company comes to the city with a record; acquired
by the management of roads in other cities which gives good 'reason for the" expectation of
beneficial changes in our street-car service. Improvements have been promised wherever thev . can
'be advantageously 'made. Among them will doubtless be some system of providing a better under
standing between the higher officers of the road and the employes. ¦¦'¦£}&&'&
By postponing their demands upon the company until the new, management' enters upon
control of the lines the car men wilhlpse nothing. They wil! in. tact gain in public sympathy bv
attesting their fairness and i heir willingness to^ conserve the general welfare • by the ¦ exercise
of patience arid tact rather, than to rush into a: strike and so inflict -hardship aipon people who
are in no 'wise responsible for the action of the street-car management. 1 W\ .. • -,
The street-car employes cannot be ignorant of the high importance of their work to the
community and particularly' to workingmen. By reason of the 'facilities for rapid transporta
tion the workingmen of modern cities frequently live far away from the shops and localities
where they are employed. By making their homes in the suburbs or in parts of the city distant
from the business and industrial center they are enabled to live with better surroundings and at
a less expense for rent. To maintain homes. in those localities, however, while at the same time
reporting promptly for^work, it is essential that the street car service shall be at all times regular
and reliable. Were the cars tied up for any considerable number of days, the workingmen of the
city would be seriously embarrassed in going to and from their homes and. their -work, and to
many of them the embarrassment? might mean a heavy loss which they can ill afford to bear.
At the present time the Market-street Railway Company is passing through a sort of in
terregnum. The old company has transferred the lines to a new -company, but the new has not vet
taken active charge of the operation of the roads. There is no, one now in official control of the
lines who is vested with authority to act or even speak for the new owners. Consequently were a
strike ordered at once it would tie up the street cars for. a, long time, since there is no one on the
spot to, negotiate terms with the strikers. Even were, a compromise effected by the present ad
ministration of the lines it would not be binding upon the new administration, and therefore
would be of but a fleeting value to the car men or to the public.
GOOD counsel has been given by Mayor Schmitz and by the San Francisco Labor
Council to the street- car employes' with reference to their controversy with the Mar
ket-street Company. Both the Mayor and the Council advise the car ..men not to
precipitate a strike at this time, but to await the transfer of the lines into the hands of
the new management which is soon to take charge; and there can be no questioning the sound'
ness of the grounds upon which the advice is" based. ' :
"WBLLj-TIMED ADVICE.
"No, no, I mean Irving. He is the big
gest of them all, a truly great man,
great even In his limitations. He has an
enormous personality, and. it Is a liberal
education to be In his company. He Is a
complete code of the actor's art, and ho
will be the great artist until his last call.
I take off my hat here."
"Ah— Jefferson, or Mansfield?" I hesi
tated, for the actor seemed so sure of the
unmistakable identity of his "old man."
"Oh, the. old man."
"That is. the advantage of San Fran
cisco, bully place!" he said. "In New
York one can only produce Shakespeare
'inder most luxurious circumstances. Not
that the best is too good for nimrbut the
plays can be- put on -modestly here, and
give a fellow a show to try what he can
do. I'd like — -" ....... ......
And then it came out, a3 the barest pos
sibility, that this Shywcx of the future
may try it on the dog— so to speak— here,
this summer. ¦
"You spoke of the 'big men' » little
.while ago Mr. Morgan; who la your par
ticular idol?"
The actor's slightly contemptuous shrug
was sufficient answer, ana then I told
him of our encouraging Shakespeare sea
son Ia3t year.
"How about Romeo?"
them. Shylock and Macbeth are both tre
mendously different" ' . ... . ¦ , . -,•? -;
WELL-KNOWN ACTOR .WHO
SAYS "HAMLET" IS TOO
Mated with these tableaux of tone is the
elocutionary rendition t of portions from the
original poem so selected, as. to give the story
entire. At .tlme3 the voice of the reader Is
alone; at times the music only is heard; and
again, the reader's half -chanted cadences and
the Ecund-sumrestlon ! -ere blended each to
each. The reading explains tha music as the
music Interprets the reading— the one being th?
perfect complement of the other.
Perhaps the two most beautiful pictures are
Annie's dream, with the sweep of harps lightly
flashing as from a vague golden dawn, and
long alter Enoch's death when tones melt Into
tones, rise Into the soaring fervor of praeter
human renunciation, sink to the speech of
wrecked lips and glow .into heroic suggestion
as the life ia set free.
The listener, catches first the unmistakable
roar, of the sea"" dashing spray against the cliff
lines of Enoch's village. Even now surely may
be heard the overwhelming sadness of Enoch's
fate svrellins out from the instrument at the
first mention In the poem of .Enoch's name.
One catches also the charm and gentleness of
Annie, first. In daintily playful cadence, then
more deeply, portentously, as loneliness and
poverty r>re*s close about.
Strauss .himself has. called it "Melodrama
for the Pianoforte." It Is In reality a eerMs
of descriptive tone pictures knit together by
the •wordinr of. Tennyson's poem. Its har
monic richness and intensity are such that
under the bands of a true artist it may be
given an effect well nigh deceptively orches
tral. At the same time the themes are of a
clearly deansd melodic nature, ineffably sweet
and • penetrating, like, the atmosphere of the
story. ¦ •*' .'; ....
Richard Strauus* "Enoch Arden" is a musi
cal conocsition of so novel conception that
considerable difficulty has been experienced in
securing for It a title at once comprehensive
and explanatory. It differs in plan, idea and
manner of development from any musical form
hitherto employed by any composer.
Up to now we have had here In San
Francisco exactly one song out of all this
wealth, a "Serenade" given by Mme. Nor
dica. This week somewhat repairs the
deficiency. We have Max and Julia Hein
rich. those clever and sound artists, with
"Enoch Arden," to be given next Tuesday
evening at Sherman &. Clay Hall. Ac
cording to the interest awakened in this
event will be the likelihood of another
part Strauss programme, to Include eleven
Strauss songs that will later be given If
the "melodrama" creates Its legitimate
stir. Also "Enoch Arden" may form part
of Saturday afternoon's programme. The
second concert is on Thursday evening
and will number five songs by E. A. Bru
glere on Its programme. The programme
has this to say of the melodrama:
* • •
there to become director of the Munich
Court Theater, leaving that post in 1890
at a call from Weimar. Later he became
Court Kapellmeister at the Berlin opera,
and has done much brilliant conducting
In other fields, —for which detail I am In
debted again to Mr. Huneker. Up to date
the last published list of Strauss' works
included eleven orchestral compositions:
Festival March, op.. 1;. Serenade for wind
instruments, op. 7; First Symphony,, op.
12; From Italy, op. 16; Don Juan, tone
poem. op. 20; Macbeth, tone poem, op. £3;
Tod u. Verklarung, tone poem, op. 24;
Till Eulenspiegel. op. 2S; Alsosprach Zara
thustra, op. 30; Don Quixote, op. 35, and
Heiden'eben,' op. 40.- Then there are
eighty-five songs, some with orchestral
accompaniment; .a sonata for piano, op.
5; a violin and piano sonata, op. 18; a
'cello and piano sonata, op. 8, and a con
certo for violin and piano. There,' are
three sets qf piano compositions, five
pieces, op. 3; Stimmungsbilder, op. 9, and
Burleske for piano and orchestra, op. 49.
There is a concerto for the French horn,
two string quartets, seven male choruses,
and lastly an opera, "Guntram," and a
"melodrama" for voice and piano, "Enoch
Arden."
" 'Hamlet* ls.too easy," was the aston
ishing rejoinder. "Pray do not misunder
stand. I mean that the audience in 'Ham
let* Is with one from the first. He is such
a lovable^ chap that. you have not" the
task of winning sympathy for tho char
acter, and uny one of a decently pleasing
personality must meet with some measure
of success in the part. Then Hamlet's
moods are so complex that he is a very
tool marksman who cannot hit some ¦ of
"There have been as many Shylocks as
men who have played the part, one fash
ion. of conception after another, varying
with. the era," agreed the actor; "why
not a twentieth century Venice usurer?
We all belong to our day, ijaevltably, and
the type Is an eternal one."::
"Does not 'Hamlet' also beckon?" I in
quired. \
"I don't seem to fit you into those parts^
Mr. Morgan," I said. "You seem the very
essence of modernity." .
"What would I like to do? Why. what
all< the big men have done. I should first
like to try 'Shylock,' then 'Macbeth'— not
to be at all diffident." ..
: With a laugh showing the handsome
Morgan teeth, and without a hint of the
Morgan clench— which is mostly forgotten
in conversation— the actor described a sig
nificant circle with his capable white
hands, looked me up anil down and said:
' ."'The Eternal City," probably," said the
actor, "though there are a few weeks
between the tour of 'The Christian*, and
the production of .'The Eternal City' that
I may fill in with something, else."
"What would you do if you might choose
—to ask a modest aueation?"
"What next?"
• "I went on the stage to make a living.
Of,, course I 'was always fond of It, but
that was the immediate Incentive. You
see, I came to America some twelve years
ago, to Chicago, and while working In a
store there used to 'supe' occasionally for
fun. Yes," with a merry and most un-
Storm-like mischlevousness, "I have as
sisted Lawrence Barrett, Mansfield and
other famous stars and have been pro
foundly surprised at . their . inability to
recognize my commanding talents under
the bushel of a tin helmet or, footman* a
wig. For two years the^ stage invited me
in vain. Then, as I said before. I went
broke and the footlights came with new
appeal Into my horizon. Since then I
have been with the Frohmans, with vari
ous stock companies, and now I am with
the unsyndlcated Liebler people. '<
"Then?"
"So far as the American stage will per
mit," laughed the actor. We were sitting
in the little cage where the voluble boy
nightly swaps opera glasses for 25-cent
pieces and Mr. Morgan looked rather
large for his Quarters.
"How did it happen?"
"My being on the stage? Simple enough.
I got broke," Mr. Morgan said.
Beyond v what Laura Jean calls an "in
teresting pallor,", '. Mr. Morgan does not
look at all like a night owl. There is a
good six feet of him and a proportionate
breadth, a light, clear blue eye that
comes surprisingly with the darkness of
his brown hair, and lips o? a Rossettl
redness that stands out strikingly against
the aforesaid Interesting pallor. It is a
well-drawn head, set cleanly upon a pair
of young, massive shoulders— that set me
wondering as to what would happen to
Jittle Miss Leslie if the incumbent John
Storm ever "played to the limit" in tfie
scene where he attempts Glory's life. Al
together, in his well-cut gray and black
tweeds, with— for the matinee girl's bene
fit—a black and red tie, and blue and
white impassionate cuffs, Mr. Morgan
looks just the big. healthy Englishman
\hat he is, with perhaps a need of the for
gotten morning sunshine to - touch the
portrait to complete conviction.
"You are English?" I asked, for though
there was little doubt in my mind, a cer
tain softness of the Morgan accent be-
Fpoke another influence.
"Yes, Welsh, that is," Mr. Morgan re
plied. "Aberystwith has the honor of be
ing my birthplace. South Wales, you
know." and. I remembered then the
"Johnny; Jones and Oswald Morgan." of
the famous Welsh Eisteddfod ballad.
"But you are identified with the Amer
ican stare?" ¦ ,' ¦ :^vn : -
PERHAPS there Is no suggestion
of provincialism that . one repels
more vigorously than that of early
rising, both for one's self and one's
adored San Francisco. Therefore,
when E. J. Morgan's irreproachable six
feet strode Into the Columbia Theater at
1 p. m. the other day to meet me.
I managed quite a decent smothered
yawn, to match his of the very genuine
Gotham variety. Profusely apologetic,
but I fear still hungry. Mr. Morgan ex
plained—he was a little late— that he had
been annexing a cup of coffee In a nearby
restaurant and the clock was slow.
That It was tremendously early— wasn't
It? I agreed, with patriotic forgetfulness
of the plebeian stretch of sunny hours
that lay behind me. But San Francisco
did get up a little earlier than New York?
Still, it was a "bully" place. Of course,
In New York one had one's chief meal
after the performance and that meant a
couple of hours for the process of assimi
lation—usually conducted at the Lambs*
Club, or any of a dozen other places, and
1 knew what that meant. He must own
to being -a "night owl" he supposed, but
I would forgive his lateness? and with a
particularly attractive smile the week's
John Storm made hjs peace.
RICHARD STRAUSS is a man cf
jjenius; perverse, tumultuous, rad
ical, morbid, bitten by wrong
headed theories— yet a genius. But
S6 years old, he has in his brief ar
tistic life summed up all schools, all
styles, and has planted victorious stand
ards on new ambiguous territory. Pre
cocious as Mozart or as Chopin. Strauss
nevertheless lacked Individuality until his
twentieth opus; though signs were not
lacking in the early compositions to as
eure the acute, interested critic that a
new man was at hand. Von Bulow felt
the paw of the young lion when he saw
Opus 7, the serenade for wind instru
ments ; and Alexander Bitter, recognizing
the gifts of the youth, pointed out to him
the way wherein he would prosper ar
tistically. The interior force we call
genius, which Goethe named his daemon,
accomplished the rest. Richard Strauss
In Germany to-day "is emperor of the or
chestra."
So wrote James Huneker, American
sponsor of Strauss, two years ago, of this
largest figure on the twentieth century
musical horizon. To-day Mr. Huneker
epeaks in less mlstakable terms, surer of :
the vision and voice of this modern
prophet of orchestral art, of his reach and
relation to absolute music As with Beet
hoven, royal revolutionary of five score
years ago; as with Wagner, the great her
etic of the last century, so Strauss to-day
Is regarded as the arch anarch of the art
musical, a religion to the illuminati, a
rebellion to the mass. Yet he has many
followers, and 'of these, it seems, that fol
lowing that is best worth having. He
has already arrived at the dignity of at
tention from the pamphleteer, and is be
ing explained, dogmatized about and en
veloped hn the mystery that always
shrouds the new thing in art. By one he
Is bailed as the musical Messiah, and wel
comed by a lesser pagan as the Lucifer
of harmony. To ears Initiate his har
monies touch the intimate heart of music,
lo others shut to his appeal he seems the
past master of cacophony. Hear Mr.
Huneker again on the particular, Strauss
genius:
"Richard Strauss Is the most Intel
lectual of living musicians. Salnt-Saens
pointed out over a decade ago the master
part harmony would play in the music of
the future, and Strauss realized that mel
ody no longer sovereign in the King
dom of Tone; his master works are mar
vels, yet, raelodlcally, no new thing is
said. In structure, in rhythmical com
plexity, in striking harmonies, ugly, bold,
brilliant, dissonantal, his symphonic
poems are without parallel. Berlioz
never dared, Lizst never drearned, such
miracles of polyphony, a polyphony beside
which Wagnet's la child's play, and
Bach's is out-rivaled. And this learning,
this titanic brush-work on vast and
scmber canvases, are never for music's
eake; indeed, one may ask if it is really
music, and not new hybrid art. It is al
ways intended to mean something, say
something, paint some one's spul; it is
a half-mad attempt to make absolute mu
eic articulate. • • * Of mere sensuous
or decorative music-making there Is none.
Strauss is ever beset by the Idea; whether
dramatic, metaphysical or romantic
lyric, the idea takes precedence of _the
sound that accompanies it. So there^is
UtUe pretense of form, little thought of
vocal exigencies (Mr. Huneker . here
speaks of the Strauss lleder). while the
piano accompaniments are the most dif
ficult ever written." *
A little of Strauss the man. Richard
Strauss, first of all. Is not of the famous
Viennnese \raltz kings, but is the son of
a horn player of Munich. He is now 3G
years old, "tall and slight, with a large,
finely developed head and long, spidery
arms. Very blond, with big. fatigued blue
eyes, he is outwardly the typical Scandi
navian. The brow is both bold and re
flective; the general bearing of the man
self-controlled and masterfuL Decidedly
a personality of a twentieth century
Ubennensch." He played the* piano at
4 years of age and composed at 6. He
began to study composition at 10. in 1875,
violin and piano training going before,
and three of his songs were sung in 1880.
His first symphony, written in his fif
teenth year and still unpublished, was
given a hearing. Von Bulow then became
attracted to the clever youngster and put
the Serenade (for thirteen wind instru
ments) Into the Mcinlngen orchestra re
pertory, and In his twentieth year Strauss
¦became music director at Meiningen.
Here he met Alexander Hitter, by whom
and by Von Bulow he was powerfully in
fluenced, and also made his debut as
pianist. Von Bulow conducting. "\ He suc
ceeded Von Bulow in the Meiningen chair.
ijj JSS6 Strauss left Meiningen for Munich,
CLEVER SOUND ARTISTE WHO
WILL BE HEARD IN CONCERT
AT SHERMAN & CLAY HALL.
After listening to such an inflammatory harangue some man goes forth and strikes a blow
at his fellow-man. Arrest, trial and condemnation follow. Two homes have been broken up. In
one there is lamentation for a husband slain; in the other a heart-broken mother weeps over a
son whose life. has been flighted 'by. the commission of crinie and who goes td a f elon ? s doom.
Meantime, the excitement having blown over, the clerical demagogue whose falseand flaming or
atory fired the spirits that : .committed the crime, sits in his study, fat, 'rosy, whistling, well pleased
with the reputation he A has made, and never thinks of ministering to the grief of either home. His
only thought is that of getting a chance to. make another speech where he will be free from, the
restraints of the pulpit and the high requirements of truth. .
Throwing exaggeration to the winds and resorting to direct falsehoods, the clerical dema
gogue screams out that the employers of laborin America are seeking to turn wage earning into
slavery and to reduce the mass of the people to want, wretchedness and political degradation. With
vehement fury he calls upon the idle to, rise, to strike a blow, to fight. He tells them it is cow
ardice to keep the peace, that it will be valor to break the law.
Nor is it strange that outbreaks of violence should so frequently follow the harangue's of
the irresponsible agitators who leave the pulpit and the peace of the church, to enjoy the/thrill
and the excitements of the stump and the mob. Such orators have been known to taiim and
sting American audiences by teliing them they are ruled over by domineering plutocrats; that
they are being robbed of their earnings, forced into serfdom, lashed into subjection, brutalized,
trampled on and crushed into slavery and cowardice, and reduced to a condition worse than that
of the slaves of old Rome by a money power more greedy and more 'heartless than N,gro.
The evils wrought by the wild utterances of these seekers after mischief and notoriety are
far-reaching and affect many, but they work their direst wrong and harm in .the households, of
those who are most susceptible to the mad teaching. Mothers! wives, sisters and children^have
had bitter cause to repent and mourn that the men of their families have been too ready to act
upon the declamatory utterances of such orators. Many a weeping woman has seen some loved
one hurried into crinie and borne away to prison, knowing in her heart that the real guilt rested
not with the excited man who struck the blow, but with the vindictive', malignant, reckless dem
agogue in clerical garb whose words roused him to madness and impelled. him to. crime.
Of all orators at such, times those who are most, dangerous are the clerical demagogues
who feeling they will not be involved in the fighting, and having nothing to lose by anything
that may happen, give free rein to , the on-rushing wildness of their eloquence and urge;per^
suade, exhort and impel excitable men to open riot or secret crime. The very dignity of his call
ing which should have been a restraint upon the clerical demagogue is used by him as a means "
to make his. words more dangerous. With cunning skill he weaves into his harangue 1 ! quotations
from Holy Writ, speaks now as a pastor of the people and now as a revolutionist, owpg allegi
ance to nothing r The unreflecting listeners, burning with the flaming blaze of lurid rhetoric,'
cannot distinguish between the pastor and the demagogue, the ;Bible and blasphemy. They ac
cept all as the teaching of an institution they have been taught to revere from childhood; and
in a whirl of passion are led to violate the long established and well-known precepts of the /
, church by the very distortions which the clerical agitator ntakes of his clerical influence.
The power of oratory over excited minds is well known. When a whole community is dis^
turbed, when for a time respect for law wavers and men begin to believe that lawlessness may
be justifiable, when bitterness increases daily between contending factions, when the reckless are
stimulated by the contagious influences of large crowds,' then the duty of an orator becomes a
most serious and responsible one. An inflammatory speech uttered by one having some show of
authority may set fire to the spirits of the mob and precipitate a riot, when calmer and wiser
•words might have restored respect for law, and re-established th*e harmony that is necessary for
AMONG the evil ways into which restless and ill-balanced orators ""of the church too
readily stray is that of playing the demagogue and the agitator in times'of popular' ex
citement. Eager for the glory of leadership and feeling, no sense of responsibility to the
duties of their hign calling, such men rush to the front at meetings where discontented
men are gathered, and with something of frenzy^ in word and manner they rouse and madden the
more reckless or more sensitive of the mob until some of them, as ill-balanced as the clerical ora
tor himself, but more prone to blows than to speech, rush away to the* commission of crime.
THE OI-,EliFtIO^.I-, IDElwfl:-A.OOC3-XJE.
BY GUISARD. •
BY BLANCHE PARTI NGTON.
Publication Office; *^^®^^^ ......;...... ... ...:.. ... Market and Third, S. F
Sunday .............^. ;i........ ... ..-. v.;-7. .:...:....... : . ......: ...........;; .........march 30, 1902
HUNEKER ASSERTS STRAUSS
IS THE MOST INTELLECTUAL
OF THE LIVING MUSICIANS
Address Communications to W. b. LEAKE, Manager
HAMLET IS TOO EASY, SAYS
MORGAN, BUT NEXT SUMMER
MAY SEE HIM IN SHYLOCK
the <sm Bmmmimm gall:
THE SAN- FRANCISCO (^LL, SUNDAY^MARCH 30, 1902.
JOHN D. SPR ECKELS, Proprietor.
22
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CO.. HEINE HALL, 235-2JT Geazy •*•
We are going to give the public a chance a<
three pianos this week, to be sold at exact!}
cost as an advertisement In order to bring you
to our store. . One second grade old standard
piano, Hallet & Davis, regular price $275, at
cost. ?162; and two high grade standard
make ?lar.os at cost.
If you cannot afford to pay the actual cost
of. a standard medium or high grade plana
then we have over SO slightly used pianos, in-
cluding: High grade — 2 Steinway, $163: 3
Heine, $290: 3 Chickertng, $143. .Medlun
grade — 10 different makes from $30 up. Renti
$2 up: Installments S3 up. Agents wanted
everywhere. »\ • • ..
HEINE
Everybody Has One
if They Come Early Enotigh
Three ChancesWASHINGTON, March 29.— The local
organization of the Grand Army of the
Republic and the Union Veterans' Union
have addressed, a letter to the President
inquiring whether his executive order for
bidding all officers and employes of the
United States to influence or attempt to
influence, in their own interest, any legis
lation whatever, save through the heads
of their respective departments, . is in
tended to prohibit Union veterans -of the
War of tho Rebellion who -may be em
ployed in the departments from acting
with any organization of veterans ; such
as the Union Veterans* Union or the
Grand Army of the Republic upon com
mittees of such organizations to. secure
desired legislation • for tho benefit of the
Union veterans of the War of. the Re
bellion generally. '
In reply the President informed
committee that . his , order, was not
tended to cover the cases cited in their
communication.
Soldiers the Purport of a
" Becent Order.
President Roosevelt Explains. to Old
NO BABS ABE BAISED
AGAINST THE VETERANS
' PHOENIX. March 20.— Martin • Greubel, a
baker of ' Safford; to-day committed suicide by
hanging 1 - himself • with a . small rope attached
to a spike driven in, the wall .
. NEWARK, 1 N.J., March 29.— Dr. Thom
as Dunn ' English, the . poet, who has
been ill at , his home in this city for sev
eral days, - Is reported to be dying. ¦ His
family was .summoned to .his bedside by
the attending physician this forenoon. At
midnight to-night Dr. English was alive,
and the prospects were that he would live
at least until daylight.
Dr. English. Is Dying.
S. LOUIS, March 29.— The three build
ings of Washington University—Univer
sity Kail, BtBhop Hall and Cupple's Hall
—that have been leased : to the World's
Fair, with other buildings and the
grounds of that institution are being put
In shape for immediate occupation by the
official force of the Louisiana Purchase
Exposition. All the offices that are now
downtown will be moved .to the World's
Fair site probably next week.
¦From now on and during .the World's
Fair, University Hall will be used as an
administration building where all., the
business of the exposition will hereafter
be transacted. Numerous commanders of
National Guard regiments throughout
the country, have announced a desire to
enter their commands In competitive
drills at the World's Fa:r, and the colonel
of the First Colorado Infantry is expected
in .St. Louis, soon to. confer ¦ with the
World's Fair officials on the subject of
arrangements with reference to visiting
contingents. -,'.¦
Exposition Arrange for Their
~~ Offices. .
Officials of. the Propossd St. Louis
UNIVERSITY BUILDINGS
WILL SEBVE AT THE FAIR
Blankets, gun3 and provisions are being
dealt out with generous hands. • The
White River Indians as his guesta. The
Indians' gambling game of "sla' hell" is
being played and large sums staked. Hay
in Coates' neighborhood having; become
scarce he yesterday had two loads hauled
out to his farm . from Tacoma for, use In
feeding the teams of visiting Indians.
TACOMA, March 2D.— One of the great
est potlatches ever given in this State is
in progress on Puyallup reservation. Its
5ponsor is Jim Coates, ione of the head
men of the Puyallup tribe. Coates ha3
long been rich in fertile lands of the Puy
allup Valley. When the reservation was
allotted a number of years ago he and his
wife and several children were awarded
land, most of which has passed under his
control. Still later an act was passed by
Congress enabling the Indians to sell a
part of their allotments. During last year
the prices of valley lands have doubled.
Coates recently took advantage of the
high prices and sold a considerable acre
age for thousands of dollars. He is spend
ing a large portion of the proceeds on a
potlatch. with Puyallup, Nisqually and
White River Indians as his guesta.
Bid Himself of the Money
Realized.
Sells Fertile Lands and Proceeds to
INDIAN CHIEF SPENDS
FOBTUNE ON POTI/ATCH
Mrs. -Hittell is a handsome woman anil
has considerable musical talent, being the
pianist of the UkSah Symphony Orches
tra. She brings, suit for absolute divorce,
$25 .-a month alimony and $100- attorney's
fees. She charges extreme cruelty and al
leges that at divers times and places the
defendant struck and choked her, called
her bad names and otherwise abused her.
A half dozen specific instances of cruelty
are stated in the complaint, one of the
latest, being alleged to have occurred in
a Ukiah. ch6p house known as "Jack's,"*
where, it is charged, Hittell struck and
choked his wife in the presence of wit
nesses, who are named.
About three years ago he opened an
office in Ukiah, he and his wife residing
here with Mrs. Reed: but- some months
ago he v/ent to San Francisco, leaving his
wife and child here,, presumably until he
could get started in business.
The defendant, Frank T. Hittell, is a
young lawyer and Is a son of Theodore
H. Hittell, the well known San' Francisco
attorney, law writer and historian. He Is
now in San Francisco, where he has been
for several . months past.
UKIAH, March 29.— A complaint was
filed in the Superior Court here yesterday
which is the first step in what probably
will prove to be a sensational divorce
case.- It will certainly be so if contested
by the defendant. The plaintiff is Mrs.
Susan Hittell, a daughter of Mrs. Anna
Morrison Reed, who Is not unknown to
fame in California as a poet, lecturer and
contributor to various publications. Sev
eral years ago Mrs. Reed published a vol
ume of poems which received the com
mendation of many of the prominent men
of the State.
Special Disnatch to The Call.
Young Attorney's Wife
Files an Action for
Divorce.
WILMINGTON, W. Va., March 29.—
Sensational reports were received here to
day concerning another fight with th«
Hatflelds, In which four men were'killed,
among them being Harry Watts, pro
prietor of the Palace Hotel here.
John Rutherford, a detective, had a
warrant for the arrest of Epnraim Hat
field, who is wanted in South Carolina.
He finally located Hatfleld in Pike
County, Kentucky. - Watts went with
Rutherford and they found Ephraim at
the home of his father, Thompson Hat
fleld, on Blackberry Creek.
- Rutherford and Watts broke in the door,
and secured ' Ephraim, when the father
opened flre on them. Both officers and
both Hatttelds were killed. The wife and
little children witnessed the tragedy.
The Rutherfords were relieved of
"Cap" Hatfield of feud fame. Rutherford
was a brother of the two Rutherfords
killed at the election in 1896 by "Cap"
Hatfleld. Watts was well known
throughout the southern part of' the
State. He was wealthy and popular. It
is said he could have «aved himself had
he not stopped firing for a moment when
one of the Hatfleld children was within
his range.
The excitement among the feudists is- as
great as at the time of the burning of the
McCoys at the stake by the Hatfields
years ago and more trouble is expected.
BISBEE, Ariz.. March 29. — W. C. Greej
lenien the report that he has sold his intf
Vts in the.Cananea Consolidated minea^ 1^
West Virginia Feud Re
sults in Another
Tragedy.
HATFIELDS FALL
IN A GUN FIGHT
BISMARCK, N. D., March 29.— This Is
the fifth day of the isolation of Bismarck
from the world because of a mid-prairie
lake at McKenzle. Practically nothing
was accomplished to-day toward reliev
ing the situation. To-nlgrht a work train
and a train load of passengers are at- the
scene of the blockade, but it is not be
lieved 'a crossing will be effected before
to-morrow at best. A platform .Is beinsr
built at the edge of the overflowed track
to-nleht as a landing dace for launches,
which are to be used in transporting
passengers. ' '¦;¦-: rJi*
It will be Monday evening before the
Nashville, Chattanooga and St. Louis
can get a train through from here to
Chattanooga and Tuesday ; before the
Louisville and Nashville can send one
through to Athens, Ala. The Chicago and
Florida limited trains operated by both
systems have been discontinued for the
season. * .. . . ¦ .
NASHVILLE, Tenn., March 29.— No*
trains are leaving Nashville to-night for
the south. Damage from floods on the
Louisville and Nashville and Nashville,
Chattanooga and St. Louis railroads is
heavier than at first thought and creeks
and rivers in the flooded district are still
rising. Twenty-five trestles and two
bridges are down on the Louisville and
Nashville, while the Nashville, Chatta
nooga and St. Louis has lost nine spans
out of five bridges. The structures at
South Stones River, Duck River and Buf
falo are going to-day. Water is four feet
deep over the Elk River bridge of the
Louisville and Nashville.
FLORENCE.- Ala., March 29.— Two
days' rain have caused the most disas
trous floods ever known In this county.
Every bridge in the county is reported
ewept away, except the Shoal Creek
bridge. The waters have risen three feet
above the highest mark ever' reached
here. The home of Pat Brahen, a colored
man, about three miles from the city, was
6wept away last night and seven of his
family were drowned.
In most instances the victims were ne
groes or laborers and their names are not
given. Three men in the Hermitage dis
trict, thirteen miles southeast - of here,
were cut off by rising waters of the Cum
berland and the last heard of them they
were in the top of a tree with the water
almost over them. An attempted jescue
resulted in an overturned boat, the two
occupants of which came near losing their
lives. Details from outside points are
meager.
At Petersburg, in Lincoln County, the
public square was flooded and a whole
negro settlement washed away. One man
Is reported drowned. Two flouring mills
were swept away. A report from Mc-
Minnville says a Mrs. Blevins and three
children were drowned in Charles Creek.
Their home was swept over the dam.
H^nry Maxwell lost his life in attempting
to escape from Faulkner's mill. Nothing
has been heard of the country above Mc-
Minnville. The damage 'at McMinnville
and vicinity Is estlmated'ftt $800,000.- -
waters and people being driven from their
homes with many narrow escapes from
death. At McMinnville the number of
drowned is given* as five, at Lewisburg
four, at Pulaski ten, at Mount Pleasant
one and at Harriman three. _ .,-"
LIVES ARE LOST
IN THE FLOOD
Members of Southern
Families Are Swept
to Death.
XASHVILLE, Tenn.. March 29.— As ad
ditional reports reach here the enormity
of damage from floods of Friday and the
night before in Middle Tennessee con
tinues to grow. It Is now known that
twenty-four lives have been lost, while
the fate of three men is yet uncertain.
The property loss, the railroads being the
heaviest losers, is estimated. at $2,500,000,
and may go higher.
Stories from near-by points tell of rising
CRUELTY CHARGE
AGAINST HiTTELL
«ttle homes of prominent ladies, j She al
ways did well, for 510 is cheap for the
secret of how to turn backward the hands
of time with carrots at the prevailing
market price. About the time the hus
bands of the madame' s disciples began to
rebel against the raw carrot diet. and to
frequent the "free lunch routes" Mme.
Davenport went to Santa Barbara.
Mme. Davenport lectured to "circles" in
At the inception of her class the . ma
dame created consternation by refusing
to accept the checks of some of her
"pupils," who, being wives of bank presi
dents and capitalists, had their own bank
accounts; but Mrs. Severance ended the
trouble by guaranteeing the entire
amount. In that class were Mrs. Mark
Sibley Severance, Mrs. W. C. Patterson,
Mrs. R. W. PoindeXter, Miss Wills and
others.
The madame impressed upon her dis
ciples the need of using grated raw car
rots for the three meals of the day, and
feeding the same vegetable to their hus
bands. If the husbands would stand for
that kind of food it proved their love.
For a time after Mme. Davenport's com
ing to town bankers and merchants and
real estate men were eating nothing but
raw carrots at home.
LOS ANGELES, March 23.— Many Los
Angdles club women are deeply shocked
to learn that Mme. Charlotte Davenport
has been -arrested in Santa Barbara.
When the madame 'was in Los Angeles
she undertook to get up a "class" of fifty
women to attend a series of her lectures
at the Friday Morning Club house.""- She
did not get quite the required fifty, but
she collected a class that satisfied her.
She promised for the $10 fees to tell the
women how they could dispose of twenty
or thirty years of their apparent age. Her
method was simply to eat plenty of raw
carrots.
Mrs. Davenport appeared before the
Woman's Club to-day to lecture on physi
cal culture and the spacious building wai
filled to its doors with the elite of Santa
Barbara, probably attracted by the ex
pectation of hearing sensational charges
made against the Rev. Frank S. Forbes,
pastor of the First Congregational Church
of this city/ _
.-. In the course of an interview. Mrs. Da
venport made several pointed references
to the friendship of Rev. Mr. Forbes lor
Mrs. Dunshee. Explaining the events
preceding her arrest, she said she had
contracted to beautify the figure Qf Mrs.
Dunshee- by means of. physical culture.
After a week's treatment no great devel
opment was noticeable and the Rev. Mr.
Forbes, being informed of the treatment,
objected seriously and' advised 1 her arrest.
"When v Mrs. Davenp"ort was speaking of
her contract with Mrs. Dunshee she
threw back her cloak, and, displaying her
splendid figure, exclaimed:
"This has been done by my system of
physieal culture, so you can see that the
charge, of obtaining money under false
pretenses is perfectly absurd." " v
. She spoke of those who were her ene
mies as being on a plane far below that
cf herself.
> SANTA BARBARA, March 2J— Mrt.
Charlotte .Davenport, charged with ob
taining money under' xalso pretenses from
Mrs. Frank Dunshee, was brought into
court this morning, and, through her at
torney, entered • a demurrer to the com
plaint. The. date for the hearing on tha
demurrer was not set. A Lond of ?75 wa»
filed for her appearance.
Special'Disraton to The Call.
SAN JOSE, March 29.— President E. H.
Harriman of the Southern Pacific and his
party have accepted an invitation from
President Scheller of the Improvement
Club for an automobile ride through th«s
orchard districts surrounding San Jose.
Yesterday Mr. Scheller telegraphed to Mr.
Harriman asking him to stop over In San
Jose on his trip up the State and enjoy
an automobile ride. Mr. Harriman an
swered to-day, accepting the Invita
tion. He asked that there be no banquet,
but said he and his party would take the
automobile trip. Harriman said, the time
of his arrival in San Jose was very uncer
tain, but It would be during the week
commencing Anril S. ,
I am a plain business man," however, and
know little of such thing-s, and just at present
my" ambition is to make the Southern Pacific
the best equipped railway system in the United
States. This railroad \ system will exaend in
the present year an aggregate of $20,000,000.
and .p. part of the money will be used in im
proving the property In and about Los An
geles. You have an empire here canable of
supporting millions of people.- • The Southern
Pacific will assist in developing the country
and we desire the co-operation of the public.
We are not in politics, and unless there be 'an
attempt nt any time in any direction to pre
vent us exercising our legitimate functions as
a common carrier, we shall not be dragged
Into politics. , '
.There has been'nothlne In' the 'conduct of
President lioosevelt to fnshten the most con
servative. Professional r>ullticians and par
tisan newspapers have a habit of distorting
facts to the end . that the party in power may
be handicapped and finally repudiated by the
people. It is my opinion, the alleged combine
to defeat Theodore Roosevelt for a second nom
nisitiun emanated^ from that source. The Dem
ocracy appears % be without a national j issue
and the leaders of that Darty are groping in
the dark in the hope that they will find that
which they are seeking.
So tar as the interstate' commerce law Is
concerned the railroads should be made to obey
that act. Be the. law good or bad, enforce It
am a whole. Then its weakness will be dis
closed and remedied. ¦ ;
The bis transportation and similar Interests
In the country only ask what is fair. Nothing
Is desired at the hands of the Government that
111,'ght tend to injure the people as a whole.
Every patriotlq citizen would fe«l that he was
personally harmed were present : conditions in
the business worid to' be disturbed. - '.
You may say for me in' language as positis'e
as you aesire ¦ that I know of no organized
movement of hostility against the President;
that 1 do -not. believe sucn a thins la seriously
contemplated, and that I would not countenance
the' Idea were my advice solicited.
, President Harriman joins j Second Vice
President Paul Morton in ridiculing > the
proposed combination of important finan
cial interests ; alleged to be contemplated
with the object of preventing the renoml
nation of President Theodore Roo3evelt.
Said he to-day: *<~:>\.
RIVERSIDE, March 29.— E. H. Harri
man, president of the Southern Pacific
Company, visited Riverside to-day. His
party arrived on its special train at 12:45
o'clock.' After luncheon the party took a
ride down the valley and left at 4 o'clock
for Los Angeles.
Sseclal Dispatch to The Call.
Laughs at Report of a Rail
. way Combine Against
Mr. Roosevelt.
Defends Her Course in Lec
ture Before Santa Bar
bara Women.
Says Rev. Mr. Forbes
r Brought About Herf
Arrest.
Southern ¦¦•"Pacific' Presi
d'ent Speaks of His
Policy.
MRS DAVENPORT
ASSAILS PASTOR
NOT IN POLITICS,
SAYS HARRIMMAN
.---._¦¦ . • ¦ • . .¦:.-..-.,..¦ ¦....¦,.:¦. «¦¦¦.•.:¦ ¦ ¦ . ¦ .¦ ¦ ... •¦-- ,.,.,. ¦ ..- . ....... - v ..-•,-¦..¦¦..-.¦..<. , .; -¦.:-.-. ' ¦. ,-..:¦- ... -r- ..¦¦:. ¦¦¦ ¦ ¦ . - ,:' -
THE - SAN.. FR AXCISCO .C^LL, 4 SUKDAY^v MARCH 30, 1902.
23
AD VEBTISEMENTS.
A New Catarrh Cup3 Secures
National Popularity in Less
Than One Year.
Throughout a ' great nation of eighty million
it is a desperate struggle to secure even a rec-
ognition for a new article, to Bay nothing of
achieving popular favor, and yet within one
year Stuart's Catarrh Tablet?, the new catarrh
cure, has met 'with such success that to-day it
can be found in every dnjf; storo throughout
the United States and Canada. '
To be sure a large amount ul advertising vraa
necessary In the first instance to bring the rem-
*dy to the attention of the public, but everyone
familiar with the subject knows that advertis-
ing alone never made any article permanently
successful. It must have in addition absolute,
undeniable merit, and this the new catarrh cure
certainly possesses in a marked degree.
Physicians, who formerly depended upon In-
halers, sprays j and local washes or ointments,
now use Stuart's ; Catarrh Tablets because, as
one of the most prominent stated, these tablet:;
contain .In 'pleasant, convenient form: all the
really efficient . catarrh \ remedies, such as red
gum, blood root and similar antiseptics.
They contain no cocaine nor opiate, and are
given to little children with entire safety -ami
benefit. > ,.- -
Dr. J. J. Reitiger of Covington, Ky., says: "I
suffered from catarrh in my head and throa:
every fall/with stoppage of the nose and Irrita-
tion in the throat affecting my voice and often
extending; to the stomach, causing catarrh of
tho stomach. I bought a fifty cent package of
Stuart's Catarrh Tablets at my druggist's, car-
ried them In my pocket and used them faithful-
ly and the way in which they cleared my head
and throat was certainly remarkable. . I had n.>
catarrh last winter and spring and consider my-
self entirely free from any catarrhal trouble."
Mrs. Jerome Ellison of Wheeling, \V. . Va.'.
writes': "I suffered from catarrh nearly my'
whble life and last winter my two children also;
suffered from catarrhal colds and sore throat so
much they were out of school a largo portion o'
the winter. My brother, who was cured of en-
tarrhal deafness by using Stuart's Catarrh Tab-
lets urged me to try them so much that 1 did
so and am truly thankful, for what they ha vo
done for myself and my, children. I always
keep a box of the tablets In the house and at
the first appearance of a cold or sore throat wtr
nip It in the bud and catarrh is no. longer a
household affliction with us." ¦ - . . .
Full sized packages of Stuart's Catarrh Tab-
lets are sold for fifty cents at all druggists.
Send for book on cause and cure of cr.tarrh
mailed free. Address. F. A.. Stuart Co.,-Mar-
Bhall, Mich. \ . , ..- -•
H ' j»/ ¦— * -.*'.'''•"
Eg \J I w £3
U style of guard will* fit every nose. 'M
H In making; eye-glasses -that suit K
'I we /have •'•'clips" and "grips" for: ffl
j n 'every individual nose. yj
m ¦ ~ ll
M \ We are" never 'satisfied with our .'•¦
H; work. until you are. ||
I HOGUE-KING 1
M . • .- OPTICAL CO. H
H '211.PO3T' ST..' ABOVE GRANT AVE. El
¦__ _„ fr ApVEKTISEMENTS. ' \^^^^^^S~~~^^
t , m , '-¦ ¦ ¦^^¦""¦¦^^^^^^^¦¦¦^^^^Kl _ . .^ V>B^^ ¦ ."' J -i'.;-. ' /¦,¦-*^
IW^^^^i. W^^f^^^.' Somethnff new in every department to interest you this
t>£, 'Q^Jj^V^^KJ^J * n 4^ e carDCt store ' s greatest show of Body Brus-
IWv H'b^qiV^'^*!?^ se ' s an<^ Axtriinsters ever seen in this city. Whittall and the
I V«^iy£mSlWf^ *3r\ famous Bigelow Lowell mills have sent their very choicest
Wr'^^llM|3u; ; fl A^i patterns to help in making the second year of this big store
ie new a P eEtr 3' Brussels carpets — from Sanford ¦ and
/&&!mffi*y/''{jfW& from Stinson — have been coming in all week, and they'll be
y^^Tmtrffillmfrre^ • Every day this week will be a Reception Day in the
/¥,//! WS^V^&r Drapery Store. New management up there— and things are
fjjl'i% \*^ stirrinR. This season's most charming novelties in window
rii'M] h^^^M ' " •' * ! aces wil1 bc on special dis P lav a11 week. Visitors will not be
aw'd While you arc in the store don't fail to sec the new
&*r$ C\pl yS&k '.' v -' eat hered" oak novelties for dining-rooms and bachelors'
ti : 'i"-PvJ^VX»i t!^^fek> apartments. Quaint, old-fashioned fuel" chests; curious
«!:¦ \\<tp I*|wiT'^^L ; looking tables with surprise interiors, containing miniature
H ft^i^lilU^CB^Sw\'.^^^St liquor casks and places for bottles, glass and pipes; larpjc
I Bi*v^Nw^Tll?^J^*-s^^^^^\ high-back divans with card table in center— all in one piece:
B is ' t^ WNlr^fP^^J 1^^^^^^^^^ desks and chairs and rockers in odd shapes and sizes. Sixth
IB+^lWA^^Sl^t^S^ll'ii^^^P^^ called the "Alhambra," and in both design and color is to-
ESMIjai"'^ \^V^ l ff*M^^^^^ i T tally new. Fifth floor. Come to Breuner's Easter week
I 1 957 V977 Market Street
Nothing to equal or approach
it upon the race of the globe; g#£
Have you ever heard of a fab- W^lff
ric thatcan beat the Bajpock- JJb£4
burn Cheviots for wear and i^^^^fe^
tear and good looks. We
-The patterns are full of ' 'M\
Scotchy prettiness. For chaps w^^^^
between the ages of 7 and 15
years nothing can excel these
suits for good lcoks—a suit
hat you would .willingly pay
$5.00 for at any time. Jpff ||||
Special Monday , and a beau- |1||F W8
tiful collection to select from, at JM ill
Suits that proclaim their.: v B$ j
great value upon sight. J , s£?
CTTT) A \I7"C!"^ C rc^ es^ of Sailor Straws, *%fT
1 I Si AW 1 Big, Generous Brims, in Juvenile /iC
% l AVf3L . V Y V Hat Department ? *????? ?;? ? /^^V,
g 4^4-H~:-~K'-:~H"! I I M » > I 1 1 I "1 'I I '¦I"I-^-M"I"I";"I"I"I"I"I-!-i"I"I-I»I"I-H"I»I"H- •
_ - .... , .
JiiiiL Younsf Gi3,ds
rVm-m Have That ¦
. Dash, Smartness,
Graceful Clever
Han£ to 'em
J|11|PI11 1 S ' D ear to the heart of the young man that
j I wants to be in Fashion's Swim.
flii|wft||| J^y °* suc^ suits s Season's
'fill I f4^S Smartest Colorings. Made as the picture
ii| I WjKm indicates— Broad, Athletic Shoulders— ages
ii H ii ! i 1"I :i I i 'I"'H"I'^ 1 '^'*''^'' 1 '^''* I ii I"!"I"I"I"I"I"I"I-M-I"I"M"M i^ i I"I i #
i^^^^P be $5, the suit pictured
y till I H!^ llslP^ °* course y° u now k° w
%fe^^^^^^p > our ?°°ds are made— smartly fash-
I^^^Wvl^^S * one( *' m appearance— and
of course you know the assortment
"^^S^fe^B is five times greater than anything
e^ e k * 0WQ * &i s Pitted
Norfolk is not a sewed-on plait.
|^^^^H It is a regular box plait made in
T^^^^S regular tailor-made fashion; col-
•|||f &jS ors Phasing and smart. For chaps
<||||j$|l^ between the ages of 4 and 10 years,
made just as you see it pictured, at
f§||^ I Patterns galore to select from—
a§»v no stingy assortments at Raphael's.
BOYS, ON TUESDAY f§
Our window exhibit will cause you lots of fun— all "The Ex-
aminer's" funny people will be with us.: -j;
ff^^sgiy *3g< f K€OKPOSAT£D union o^uakl *-wk»
AD VEBTISElffENTS.
I PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO. |
| (0 TKiRD STREET. SAN FRANGiSGO; |
I A SPRING STYLE. PAltrtl i I
I LEATHER OXFORDS $1,65. \ \
I From r.<"": on balmy days and
spring- sa o should hold sway. \
and no u of footwear is more
cornforta;.. i stylish than a neat !
fitting oiu-td tie. Attractively
made and ii-jbby in appearance, yet |
cool and easy on the feet, they are |
popular favorites with all. A spe-
cial this week: Ladies'- patent j
leather oxford ties, coin toes and \
tips, hand-welted soles and mili- I
Itary heels. The price REDUCED
PROM $2.50 TO .SI. <>•"». Sizes ZVt
to VA; widths C to E. f
I TO MAKE ROOM FOR SPRING R
GOODS we have ' mixed several rhort B
lines of ladles' lace and button Fhoes M
together. Cloth and kid tops, turns El
and welts. They formerly sold for $4 La
and $5, but to clear them out we offer H
them at S?l.<i."> a. pair. VTe. have the M
lollowlnr elze»: .' M
AA 3 to 8 C 2^4 to 3'4 Kg
A iVi to 8 D2H to iVs B
B 214 to ? E 2V4 to 8 js
. VTe cannot guarantee to fill country ||
orders on the above bargains. M
3 PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO. 1
f| 10 THIRD STREET. p
\\ San Francisco. . Kj
Remington *3 a ¦»-*
rypewriters SSSftS*
•' * i «;u«rantecd by !
OW DFNTAI our superior**- ,
i\ K L. 1\ I M L. cilltleaaiKl n«t-
>j ' ,_—— — — ;— ¦« — » oral Interef t in |
*; 1 tfce refutation of our cadiir.c. , i
WYCKOFFiSEAMA«SiBENEDICT
211 Montgomery St., S: F.
HI Main 87.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Marvelous
Growth of Hair,
A Famous Doctor- Chemist Has Dis-
covered a Compound That Grows
Hair on a Bald Head, in '
a Single - Night.
Startling Annoinrentnt Cause 1 Doctors to
Marv 1 and Stind Dumfouaded at
the Wonderful Cures. :
The Discoverer Sends Fre3 Trill Psckagej to
All Who Write.
After half a century epent In the laboratory,
crowned with high honcrs for his many world-
famous dlccoveries, the celebrated physician-
Miss HISIXDP of New Zealand,
And Her Marvelous Growth of Hair.
chemist at the head of the great Altenheim
Medical Dispensary has Just made the startling
announcement that he has produced a com-
pound that stows hair on any bald head. The
doctor makes the claim that after experiments
taking years to complete he has at last reached
the coal of his ambition. To * the . doctor - all
heads are alike. There are none which can-
not be cured by this remarkable remedy. The
record of the cures already, made is truly mar-
velous and were It not for the high standing
of the great physician and the convincing testi-
mony of thousands of citizens all over the coun-
try it would eeem ; too miraculous to be true. '
- There can be no doubt of the doctor's earnest-
ness In making his 'claims nor can .his. cures
be disputed. ' He docs not ask any man. -woman
or child to take hie or any one else's word for
it, but he stands ready and willing to send free
trial packages of this great hair restorative to
any one who writes to him for it, Inclosing a
2-cent stamp to prepay postage.' In a single
night it : ban started hair to growing on heads
bald for years; It. has stopped railing hair in
one hour. It never fails, no matter what the
condition, age or sex. Old men , and ' young
men, women and children all. have profited' by
the free use of this great new discovery. , If you
are bald, .if your hair is falling : out, or if
your -hair, eyebrows or eyelashes are thin or
short write" the Altenheim Medical Dispensary,
•F.71 Butterfleld building, Cincinnati, Ohio, in-
closing . a • 2-cent stamp to prepay i postage for
a free package/ and in a short time i you will
be entirely restored. • xJ. H. Fussel, student and representative
from Point Loma, Cal., of the Interna
tional Brotherhood and Theosophical So
ciety, lectured last night at 310 CFarrell
street on "California, the Center of thm
World's New Civilization."
Lectures on California,
Teamster's I»esj Broken.
W. "W. Chase, a teamster in the em
ploy of Gray Brothers, had his leg broken
yesterday, while unloading his wagon.
The leg was so badly crushed that tha
physicians at the Emergency Hospital,
where he was treated, believe that ampu
tation will be necessary.
A: man. who is believed to be J. New
ton, an agent for a life Insurance concern,
was found yesterday lying on the side
walk in front of 216 Leavenworth street.
When taken to the Emergency Hospital
his skull was found to be fractured. It
is believed he received the Injury by fall-
Ing down.
Found Lying on Sidewalk.
companied by the members of the execu
tive committee.
SAN DIEGO. March 29.— The Chamber of
Commerce directors this afttrnoon telegraphed
to . Senators Bard , and Perkins strongly urging
them to advocate DromDt legislation . for con
structing an isthmian ; canal. .
EVERETT. Waeh., . March 29.—^A . fire, sup
posed to be incendiary, occurred this morning
at the TulallD Indian repervation, consuming
the old Catholic church and the girls' dormi
tory, kitchen. Burlao bags saturated with oil
¦wers found on the porch of the boys' dormitory
and 'a..' quantity of the same material ; was
lighted under the porch. of Superintendent Bu
chanan's residence., . • . , ¦ .'»..-
A .new organization has been formed,
known as -the San Francisco; Retail Mer
chants' Association - of California. The
directors are M. Cv de Lorenzo, H. L.
Bradford, E. A. Lorenzo, S. ; H. McPher
son, F. T. Knoles, P. E. Lynch; D. Kouff-
J. H. Alfonzo, J. H. | Brook," H. Kalliman
and J. Nielson. The acting officers are:
F. T. Knoles, president; George Dahlben
der and S. Strass, vice presidents; E. A-
Lorenzo, secretary; S. H. McPherson,
treasurer. The object of the association
is to better the interests of the business
men: of 'this 'dty and to improve the city.
A meeting for the election of permanent
directors and officers will be held next
Wednesday evening at Lodge Hall, ¦ 1G0G
Polk street. - - "¦ ¦
Business Men Organize.
. Supreme "Grand Chief Companion- Mrs.'
Miller is on:a tour of, visitations to, the
circles -including' those in Los Angeles
Merced, Hopland and Redding. ,-. ;
-Court Prosperity on the 2Ctn inst: had a
very -.Interesting entertainment and ball
In the social -hall of the Alcazar building.
: 'i_ Court Sherwood •¦¦ Forest '.; will ha ve .an
entertainment and dance in" the Foresters'
building on the 19th of April... - f ¦ ¦; -. -.
? Returns z that ; are being ? received .from
the subordinate courts by the permanent
The entertainment that was given hi the
social, hall of the Foresters' building last
week by. Court* Bohemian was-, a. very
pleasant affair,, and was- enjoyed by the
members • and many i invited - guests. . ,The
programme » of entertainment ¦ was pleas
ing and interesting, and • the several con
tributors,to the enjoyment of the evening
were '¦¦ presented by M. Feuchtner, chair
man of the evening. .;¦ >.:;:¦ , - \ . *. v ¦ .
Court Richmond at its last held session
initiated ten candidates and received sev
eral applications. - .
The entertainment ' and dance that was
given on the night of y>e 15th . Inst. by
Court Star of the "West, Ancient Order of
Foresters,' in aid' of Edward Nelson,, one
of its members, who was recently strick
en blind, was well attended and real.zed
a neat sum for the unfortunate Forester.
The programme was made up of. fifteen
numbers, contributed by Miss Tryphina
Pritchard, George Nisbet, B. : Hoyer,
Gecrge - Monck, Miss Edna Herold, Louis
J. Klein, G. B. Peterson, Mrs. A. Kroder,
the Mission Quartet, Hugh Williamson.
Miss Louise von Geisterfeld, Alfred
Granger, George Peterson and German
and Sass. The gem of the programme
was the elocution of Miss Pritchard, the
mascot of Loyal Circle of the Compan
ions of the ' Forest, whose power has as
tonished many of the best teachers of elo-*
cution, and the general impression is ."she
is a wonder." Then followed a programme
of fifteen dances,
A new court called Fulton has. been in
stituted : at Fulton with . thirty charter
members. A. • E. Leech was elected chief
ranger and L. B. Tichenor financial secre
tary. . : ' ¦ • ' , ¦;.' . . • .¦'.-'..,:
Ancient Order of Forester3.
The University Mound and Bay. View
Improvement Club' is making a deter
mined fight to have the portion of the city
It represents Included within the pound
limits and the "two-cow" ordinance, and
to have all nuisances existing there abat
ed. A majority of the Hospital and
Health Committee of the Board of Super
visors and a committee of the Grand Jury
have reported favorably on a petition pre
sented by the club relative to these mat
ters, but the Board of Supervisors as a
whole voted to Indefinitely postpone tak
ing action on the petition.
The club is not discouraged by the ad
verse action of the Supervisors, however.
It has prepared circular letters, which are
being sent throughout the city. These let
ters are to be signed by all the citizens
who have an interest in. the development
of the outlying districts.
tension of Sanitary Rules.
provement Club Asks for Ex-
University Mound and Bay View Im-
DESIRES POUND LIMIT
IN OUTLYING DISTRICT
Property owners on Franklin street, be
tween Greenwich * and Bush, filed a
numerously signed protest yesterday
against the granting of any franchise for
the construction of a street railway on
the blocks named. The reasons assigned
for the protest are as follows:
Franklin street is pre-eminently a residence
street and would be disastrously affected by
the construction of a street railway. .
The facilities now afforded Dy the street rail
ways already In existence are ample for the
necessities of the . neighborhood;
The present apnllcation is demanded more
with the desire to acquire control of the street
than to afford the public a service.
With the present numerous* eaat and west
Hne3 now crossing the most desirable section
of Franklin street the operation of a railway
on that street would Involve an intolerable
ringing of gongs by approaching cars- as to
materially affect its desirability as a residence
street. • .' • - , . •:_
, Franklin street Is not wide enough' for a
double-track railway.
Against- Granting Franchise on
the Thoroughfare.
Many Property-Owners Protest
OPPOSE STBJEET CAR LINE
UPON FBANKLIN STREET
Burrage, the purchaser, is one of the
most widely known mine operators in
America. He was the organizer of the
Consolidated Copper Association. '. His for
tune is estimated ; at from $30,000,000 to
$40,000,000. Burrage has announced that he
will at once . begin development work on
the mines, hia first purpose being. to com
plete the b!g- channel that will drain the
workings of the entire 3500 acres. ¦
The sale is of 3500 acres of placer ground,
comprising a large number of claims, the
principal ; ones of which are the Gray
Eagle, North Star, Mountain, Spring
Garden, Natchez, v Wolverine. Owl Creek,
Union and Rough* and Ready. They are
situated on a narrow peninsula formed by
the Middle and North forks of the Amer
ican River, taking in the first seven
miles of the divide and reaching within
two miles of the town of Forest Hill.
Many of the location!} were made in the
early days of mining in Placer County,
and have been steady producers of sold
ever since. To ,work the properties more
economically not long ago a consolidation
of the several holdings was made. •
LOS ANGELES, March': 29.— A mining
deal . Involving larger capital than any
that has been made In California in sev
eral years . was concluded to-day in the
sale to A. C. Burrage of Boston, whose
winter home is in Redlarids, of the proper
ties of the Big Channel Consolidated Gold
Mining Company on the Forest Hill Di
vide, In Placer County. ' The properties
were bought outright from the company,
the price paid being $2,500,000.
Ssecial Dispatch to The Call.
It is evident that the man behind the
gun did not shoot to - kill, because the
weapon was not loaded with either shot
or bullets. The motive could hardly have
been robbery, as there no demand or
even a challenge. 'it was altogether too
Berious-to be considered as a Joke.
Believing that he was seriously wound
ed, Kinkle went to the residence of his
brother, which ¦was near at hand, and
roused him. ! . An examination disclosed
the fact that his wounds are only super
ficial, and that the gun was loaded with
powder only, which • was confined with
black leather wads. One of these wads
was picked up this morning ¦ near the
scene of the shooting.
WOODLAND, March 30.— Residents in
the northwestern" district of Woodland
were startled a short time before last
midnight by two shots fired in rapid suc
cession, followed by. the cry of a man ior
help. Many of them rushed out of their
houses, but as the cry was not repeated
they concluded that it was the prank of
some mischievous boys and made no
further investigation. *
This morning Levi Kinkle reported that
the shooting occurred on his premises.
He was out rather late last night and did
not return to his home until a few min
utes before 11 o'clock. He entered the
front gate and passed around to the rear
of the house with the intention of enter
ing by the rear door. Back of the house
there stands a large cottonwood tree.
When within a few feet -of this tree a
man stepped out and without challenge
or a word of warning fired one barrel
of a shotgun at Kinkle. This was quickly
followed by the discharge of the second
barrel. Kinkle shouted for help, and his
assailant turned and ran. X ¦ :
The members of Spring Valley Lodge
of the Good Templars gave a surprise
party on the 24th inst. to Miss Gertrude
Wulfcern, the secretary, at her residence,
3009. Laguna street, in honor of the anni
versary of her birth. On that occasion
the lodge presented her with a gold em
blematic pin ln appreciation of her serv
ices as secretary for the past two years.
District Templar Andrew L. Johnston
will pay a visit on the 2d of April to
Spring Valley Lodge, and he will be ac-
Good Templars.
No Bullets in Weapon
of a Woodlandite's
Assailant.
Boston Man's Heavy In
vestment in Placer
County.
MAN IN AMBUSH
FIRES GUNWADS
PAYS MILLIONS
FOR THE MINES
The fancy dress. party that was given
by Loyal Circle of the Companions of the
Forest of America was a very pleasing
• affair. There- were many pretty young
ladies who appeared in beautiful dress
and for a time hid their faces under
masks. The programme of dance was
well arranged and gave satisfaction to
all.
There will be an entertainment on the
5th of April ln Golden Gate Hall in aid
of the Twentieth Century ( Club that is
to entertain the officers and members of
the high court.
secretary show a remarkable increase ln
membership and funds. •
As the result of a meeting of the Cali
fornia Associated Cyclists, held last night
in this city, there will be a reorganization
of the association's road racing commit
tee. At present this is composed of M. C.
Rambo and Captain Bollo of the Bay City
Wheelmen, L. S. Upson of Sacramento,
Hawcroft of Reno and Sill of San Jose.
The country members will resign and
their places will be taken by representa
tives of the San Francisco "Wheelmen and
California Cycling Club. I All the races of
the association are held in the vicinity of
this city and all legislation governing
them is framed here. It was felt the local
clubs should have full representation on
the governing board. ¦"
President J. A. Woodson came down
from Sacramento to . preside • over the
meeting. With Stanley G. Scovern, the
secretary, he hag done much to keep the
association alive during the time that in
terest in cycling has been at a low ebb.
The annual meeting and election of offi
cers will be held in this city May 20.
Will Be Added to the Commit
tee Now in Charge.
Representatives of Two Local Clubs
Austin Walrath, a mining man, fell
down the freight elevator shaft at the St.
Nicholas Hotel yesterday and received in
juries which resulted in his death a few
hours later. He fell a distance of twelve
feet, striking his head on a piece of ma
chinery used in the operation of the ele
vator. He was taken to the Emergency
Hospital, where he died. Walrath was 75
years of age. «
Falls to His Death.
CYCLISTS OF THIS CITY
TO CONTROL ROAD RACING
The bringing out of "papas" and
"mammas" and others who would "do up
Sydney Vincent" were the threats, and
not until a special policeman ordered the
youths away from the premises was quiet
restored.
The choristers uttered loud cries and
as Sydney made his way back to the
church to enter a complaint with Sabin,
they followed and within the sacred. walls
there was a wordy argument between the
combatants, the boys showing a reck
lessness in speech and manners that ap
palled every one present.
The good folks of the , avenue were
brought to their doors by the shouts and
yells of. the fleeing boys and when Sydney
caught up to them • the excitement in
creased, for without fear for after conse
quences he sent his assailants down, one
after the other and the folks who wit
nessed it were free to admit that the
stinging strokes of the stick which were
made upon the backs of the boys were
richly merited. .
Sydney did not see the joke in the same
light the youths did and. as the cnoris
tei-s took to their heejs he followed and
th ¦. race added much zest to the proceed
ings.
It was with Innocent delight and play
fulness that they took to shying the
aforesaid rocks at the head of their moni
tor. The eggs were badly aimed and
fortunately tailed to have the desired ef
fect. ¦
This being egg season may account for
the decision. Anyhow, Sydney had heard
of the deep-laia egg plot and so had Or
ganist Sabm. Ana others of the choir,
apart from the youths, were made aware
that trouble was brewing. Sydney Vin
cent is brave and of goodly I proportion
and athletic, however, and with , all those
physical advantages to -. accompany him
after choir practice he sauntered out on
the exclusive avenue. But while in the
act of warbling a vocal -scale his notes
were suddenly hushed by the intrusion of
sundry rocks which the dear little choir
boys, the pride and hope of fond and in
dulgent parents, had annexed from , an
unsightly pile of cobblestones which rep
resents the Board of Works on Van Ness
avenue.
Van Ness avenue was the battlefield
last night whereon a corps of choir boys
of St. Luke's Church marched in solid
body upon their elected enemy,' Sydney
Vincent, who has for a short while been
acting in the capacity of monitor. Sydney
has found it necessary from time to time
to impose fines in cases where he deemed
salutary punishment advisable. The choir
boys have, consequently, come to the
conclusion that he is somewhat of a too
strict disciplinarian and their, anger
broke loose some days ago, at which time
they entered into an agreement to pur
chase eggs that time had made stale
with which to besmear Sydney's Ea3ter
clothes.
"Democracy and the Farmer." J. F. Coonan
of Humboldt County; "What the Democratic
Party Has Done for This City and State,"
Joseph S. Tobln of San Francisco; "Democracy
and the Trust Bvil," R. ,P. Troy of San Fran
cisco; "Human Liberty," General W. D. Sny
man of South Africa; "Democracy and the
Wcrkingman," James G. Maguire of San Fran
cisco; "The Approaching Campaign," J. C.
Sims of San Francisco; "Why Is the Monti
cello Club?" Louis de F. Bartlett of San Fran
cisco; "Some Straight Tips," J. D. Sproul of
Butte County; "The Judiciary," Nicholas Bow
den of Santa Clara County; "Democracy South
of Tehachapl Pa?s." I. B. Dockweller of Los
Angeles County; "The Strenuous Life," W. M.
Conley of Madera County.
"Triumphant Democracy," C. E. McLaughlln
of PI urn as County; "Our Country," R. M.
Fitzgerald of Alameda County; "The Press,"
A. H. Barendt of San Francisco; "Why I Am
a Democrat." Thomas O. Toland of Ventura
County; "The Workshop and the School,"
Maurice T. Doollng of San Banlto County;
"Obiter Dicta," Frank H. Gould of San
Francisco; reading of the Declaration of In
dependence, Thomas W. Hickey of San Fran
cisco; "Thomas Jefferson," D. M. Delmas of
San Francisco; "Democracy and Future Leg
islation," J. B. Sanford of "Mendocino County;
The contest was a friendly one in every
respect. A total of 76 votes was polled.
The four directors elected are S. V. Cos
tello 51, P. Boland 46, R, V. Whiting 37,
F. J. Teggart 30.
The newly elected officers will be in
stalled on April 5. Arrangements for the
annual banquet to be given on Jefferson's
birthday, April 12, at a leading restaurant,
have been completed and it promises to
be a politically significant affair. The fol
lowing toasts will be responded to on that
occasion:
Attorney S. V. Costello, Assistant Prosecut
ing Attorney R. V. Whiting, ex-Public Ad
ministrator Patrick Boland, Police Judge Al
fred J. Fritz. Attorney Louis de F. Bartlett.
Librarian F. J. Teggart of the Mechanics' In
stitute. Attorney Curtis Hillyer, Dr. Z. T.
Malaby and Attorney William M. Cannon.
The members of the club turned out in
considerable force and a heavy vote .was
polled. The friends of the nine candi
dates for directors, of which four were
elected, did considerable pulling and haul
ing in the interests of their favorites. The
contest being narrowed down to these,
the candidates for the other offices felt
lonely. W. 5V. McNear, the attorney, was
elected vice president and Attorney Wil
liam M. Maguire was re-elected secretary.
H. C. Wilber was elected financial secre
tary and Louis H. Mooser, the present
financial secretary of the club, was elect
ed treasurer.. . ; ,
The candidates for directors Included
the following:
Barney D. Murphy, one of the leading
Democrats of California and who is wide
ly mentioned in connection with the
gubernatorial nomination, was chosen
president of the Monticello Club at its
annual election last night. Murphy had
no opposition for the position, and with
the exception of candidates for directord
there was no contest for the principal of
fices of the club.
Van Ness Avenue the Scene
of Flying Rocks and
• Angry Words.
Lively Contest for Directors
Lends Interest to the
Occasion. .
Take Exception to Fines
and Concoct a Bad-^
Egg Plot. ; .;:>:>
Members of Monticello
Club Elect New
Officers.
BOYS OF CHOIR
STONE MONITOR
MURPHY CHOSEN
AS PRESIDENT
TidJS : MN \FB AN C1SC6' ; ; ; CAL.1 J , ,.iSIJ]S;i>AY, MARCH 30, 1902.
24
ADVERTISEMENTS.
lEl||||lij
A Most Remarkable Remedy Tint
Quickly Restores Lost Vigor
to Men.
A Free Trial Paekag-e Sent by Mail
to All Who Write.
Free trial packages of a most remark-
able remedy are being mailed to all who
will -write to the State Medical Institute.
They cured so many men who had battled
lor years against the mental and physical
euttering ot lost manhood that the Insti-
tute has decided to distribute free trial
packages to all who. write, it is a home
treatment, ana all men who ; suffer from
any form -; of -sexual weakness resulting
l iom , youthful folly, premature loss ot
strength and^ memory, weak back, varice-
ccle or- emaciation of parts can now cure
themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly, grateful
effect of -warmth ana seems to act direct
to tho desired location, giving, strength
and development Just where it, is: needed. '
, it aires i all the ; ills ~ and .troubles that
come from years of misuse of the natural
functions and has-.been an absolute suc-
cess, in all cases. A requestto the State
MedWl Institute, 328 Elektron- buildlSg
t ort Wayne, Ind., stating that you desire
one of their free trial -packages,! will ha
complied with, promptly. The Institute Is
desirous; of reaching that i great class of
raen who are unable to leave: home to be
treated, and the ; free ' samples will ; enable
tnem to see how easy, It is to be cured of
sexual weakness .' when ; the ; proper reme-
; dies are employed. - : . The Institute i makes
no restrictions.-: Any man who writes will
Le sent, a- free sample,: carefully sealed in
a- plain, package, so that its recipient. need
> have no • f ear ; of j embarrassment or pub-
licity. Readers are requested to, write
without' delay. '."•
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
m inL onuisUi
When you have that tired feel
ing, anJ are nervous and sleep-
less, is a good time to tzke a few
doses of Hostetter's Stomach Bit-
ters. It is an ideal spring" med-
icine and blood purifier, and will
cure dyspepsia, indigestion,
I malaria, or liver and kidney
troubles. Try it. Oar private
Stamp is over the neck if th?
HOSTETTER'S
t. .OF THE. .
GUMP '
..OF EUROPEAN..
WILL CONIINUE
MONDAY, TUESDAY and
WEDNESDAY EVENINGS
At 8 o'clock.
Also TUESDAY and WEDNES-
DAY ARERNOONS at
2 o'clock.
Native Sons Hall
414 MASON STREET,
A. LOUDERBACK,
Attrttnn<»pr
$1000 GIVEN AWAY
In books, 50 cents each; we ari trolng to give
away 2000 (to men only). • Zomol, : the great '
fortune-telllngr seer,' tells all men the way to
wealth, success and happiness In this 32-page
book. W. & Co., 140 Geary st., B. T.
¦ ' ' ' "¦•' "' ' ' "" : - s" '." ' : " :"•' " '.'.¦''•;¦' \ - ¦'¦;•. -ADVERTISEMENTS.-: ' : -,' ; r ' : ; ' M -': ' J ;'^ : : S ' ' '¦ ;' '" "¦ " - " " '•¦ ¦ '' '¦ '
r :ih you are using your cash ','\ &%&T'\\V\^ JPl41^rt itL4r"©« *| All dealers favor a FEW.
V> : <3l^' r Queer ideas some' people have— living cramped up in lodKings, when Wi TRUST VQIJ
• '[• . Its all the same to us. the extra rent money they pay would furnish a cozy home. • j '• ' /: - !____________#
/,>!'!•:,.¦.•. : .• •• ¦ - ~~~ ; "We sell on* time— sell to' good people— we're glad to. o "~ 1 ~ — "¦ ~ Tr ~- ¦• , . ; ~~~' yi
y.'K' '¦ s.: ' xjj&N , Wouldn't you like to give- a little dinner party in yout own cozy flat. XTV O OCI
S JVlacle '^rft^ steruns .r-- — r — 3-^ r^- ihree-mece fiv &^P^ for a white
: ' iff M\Qi' UPH0LSTERY^^^5-^~~^^r-?^ > ' >' ¦¦ iUI1S $2 ° |-^^^3S)l^> enameled
n/M -r-i-v /\\ ¦^aL outside looks. 6 J %^^^^^^| Vv* choose. _>Ve sell ftk / size, single,
SOLID S^^/Jy 1? & \^^^^^^C*?J J Iff^ th^ m separateIy - TO Wg^Jr^i * r^-Fn^sa double or
¦OAK l^g^r-zj?!^ Hl^F ||^S^s2.^aU^ |liW ffll We can show you 'imre metal beds
| :c '-"--ilr- ir^ :: I |w \\ 1 4-^._^_^^_.-^-^ T _ T J| J^S^l\v¥*^ thai an^ two stor8S in town "" &|V3 ou
Like Cut I ii yy-'/H, ¦ I teem) 1 1 " ' ' Wff f lower prices, too.
It's just 6V 2 feet to the top of . the iff IIP x . n -:;i- Cft aa 7 | B ci/^fhfcrh 3 I Af
glass, so it's not a skimpy!, bureau, but ,f| M I .The DlVan $9.00. // h I We tove it fl Wf sS-Efc.
-a great,, big, -generous one. •II. * II Hair-filled, tufted back, plain seat. I II in three col- tf~fF^ ¦ ri t
"The pval French plate mirror is 30 U f The pictures 'show the exact dej i W ors j;^ l(| J
j. inches- in height. . • • sign of the frames and upholstery/ » ue) dark/jn "N
The bureau topis 44 inches wide. '¦ : — : — — ¦ : ' blue' and nile ' - "N
IItSS^ : The-ReceptJon Chair $4.50.: The Arm Cfiai r $6 . 5 0.. green; posts OL «| m » ff
tureau-a b/reau that YOU would like. Ha, r . fl ,, e d. tufted back.. plain S cat .^Wrt^^tog^^ mM^PrW^'
The picture falls to show the polish edge that w j H hold lts shap ' e pi^ ly takg nQte ¦ '¦
or the rich color of the frames, but of good springs that will keep in n c t t,_ u*>xm V"^* "~^
ThlS Deaiimul Huff et y ° U get !t thlS Set - Pl8Ce - , -cWlls 5 at £h Joint. They're touched
im^ MeaUUIVl KUIICl ¦ fl hH : ti« W wt ¦ ¦' with gilt to heighten the effect.
-_„_. vi>3 Gown ants vpiaweeK <^r^=^ !^^^rJ ! TE-- ; t^Bcar-^ m — ; —
u Buys the very best ranee in the worid - %\ SOLID
1 " ' — r _Lj_^L f-h'ca rk 1 " If after a fair trial you do not agree F * sa T s m MS (n^k Dnnv
I If //$^3gSr |T a , mIrror - 6 wlth us as t0 its merits, every penny of &-WL , HHl^llrfjga,^ DUUIi
! \\j M- (Hjfry ; ', s'w^Tle^i your money back, and no quibbling about *• TTk^ff"^?^*! *
\ p.';^' * ' ' c \ front ' and It. ; .< \ . ' ' j jljJ^-i^^JL^^. TA^JF
ijF^jTi^^ SSi GOOD INEWSFROMTHB KITCHEN STORE J WspT 1 y^>
! \ J>— . '.. - ¦ =-^^y and the 2 i)lnt nlckel T eapots i ,^ c A fl 0W blue dinner set of 100 pieces s^l^Ery- ' / Js J \Q^ fifl
iW ;ZZr- —^^_ I carve d 3 nlnt niokpl Tpiriots -n#» with covered soup tureen... $9. 90 *jl '¦> HK>. •% ¦/ ' * j\4«vl/
'J •^ i *— J "claw" - Pnt nckel Teapots A portable gas lamp, with Wels- -i"--| d-!Jf ?m /, - J M*\—
. -» 1 feet. 4 pint nickel Teapots........ Toe bach burner, globe, and 6 feet of a "*- *r v
All the accommodation of a sideboard, 5 pint nickel Teapots.... 80C gas hose and connections, for • _, >•.'•'-' : ---> A .
only it's more compact— and prettier. —Or coffee pots if you prefer them. SI. So -I he artist made a mistake and gare
Credit? Certainly! : ¦ it one too many shelves in the picture.
$7.50 Down-$5.00 a Month. /| UFTED VELVET COUCHES '$6.00.- soHrbickanVth^shelves
~ J : ~ ~ • r>—^ Covere <* In velours, are attached by hinges.
— —11 1* • n • n • ¦ your choice of almost a n ..> v.'f ,-,; --—.,;„„ Gm',-\* m . +u— *««
rgrsSJESBQ MqxG D3.nv 112 TO VI *¦) neat uit 01 carving nnianes tne top,
pS(!w 80c will flo it" I j*^^&?$fc^&^&. '"^5 They're strongly made >PJ.UU
gA^U High chair, like cut, We've 6 sold Se ?undred e g FOLDING c'lrf
fffT c - U^'^r^^^^y^^^^^^^W'J^^iMi^ of them. Perhaps r*AMD PHAIPC C1 C\f\
SaVLX, It's made of maple, . f^li'^^gM^^r you'd rather pay a MH CHAIK^, 51.00
Iffiy finished oak or mahog- ||j|||g!l£ig&^^ few dollars more for Qther Stvles /A^**f99
— ' |S3 that drops down at the .'/ " 5° od enough. . f e^^^^Jm/
_J -s— » S1<^ e< r ' — ¦ ; • ; : ' Hardwood - frames
All sorts of Furnl- _j j_ 'iiubkii. m_ m, -a^^m. <&& — good hard ma- y^^w^&Ji*
' 5 E v E rvthingfohth E ho M e 0 FURNITURE COMPANY *22S&&2E n J2-+
From kitchen tinware to par- * W H.^JB.\a a VA\iu WATAA «^*' * vantages as San Francisco at our
( ? lor curtains - o 1O39 7V\arkLet St., Opposite McAllister. : . store - .
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TPAOE a£1K^.
GEO.R1DE&CO. l^^f.
The above picture serves to illustrate
.our Patent Non-Bulging Full Dress
Shirt. Ask your furnisher for them.
Collars in various heights as indicated
in above cut suitable to be worn with
our Patent Non-Bulging Full Dress
Shirt. Ask your furnisher for them.
„ English Welt
Wing Collars, latest style, in two
heights. See above cut Ask your
furnisher for them.
GEO. P. IDE&~CO., Makers.
SA1 FBAKGISCO EBANCH,
514-518 MARKET STREET,
SAX FRAXCISCO.
The "Dr. 4f^Vfc Aid en Klectr.e
B«"lt" (with ~£f'>i : )f~ • u • p e nsory) '.*
guaranteed - - t0 possess all tbt
cui»tlve properties of the expensive belts
now sola by doctors and druggists. It give*
a very etrong current of electricity and is
easily regulated. Bound to supersede
ethers. Can lx» had from the undersigned
only; NO AGENTS: NO DISCOUNT. Cir-
cular free. Call or address PIERCE KLEC-
TRIC CO.. 200 Post rt.. Ran Francisco, or
1145 Broadway. New York.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREAT RESTORATIVE. IXVIGORA-
tor and Nervine.
The mott wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic lor the S»>xual Organs, for both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kld-
-ntys and Bladder. Sells en its own merits.
NABER. AL.FS & BRUKE, Agents
S23 Market £t_. S. F. — (Send for Circulars.)
tpx CHICHECTEH'S CNGUSH
raNYgOYAL PILLS
QT5TTOTJ17C FOR BAUBEHS. BAK-
i5KUbiiHb .-^^fa^'ta^l-
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, cacnerv
<Syers. flourmllls, foundries, laundries, paper-
hanBere, printers, painters, ehoe factories.
• tablemen, tar-roofer*, tanners, tailors, etc. •
L.LjCi1A;V4.* BROS.,
Crush Manuractar=rs. 605 Sscram into St
c — : — — o
Bartlett Springs!
BARTLETT TTATER WILL HELP YOU
to health and make your vacation use-
ful as well as pleasant. After a ehort or
long stay at the popular Springs you will
wonder how it was possible to feel so well,
strong and vigorous.
Ride, drive, hunt, fish, bowl, dance, -
cwim, bathe, walk over mountain paths,
amuse yourselves in hur.dreds of happy
waye. Time never drags at Bartlett Springs.
Send ror booklet.
Call or Address
BARTLETT SPRINGS CO,.
General Office. Bartlett Springs,
2 Sutter st.. S. F. Lake Co., Cal
CAMF 9 CURRY!
KK) quests ln Igjg
#10 guests ln - -, ..-,."" 1000
715 guests in inni
1000 estimated for '.'.'.'.'.'.litO2
Opens about May 1st.'
Office at 10 Montgomery et., with Peck's
Free Information Bureau.
YOSEM!TE.
x "ilVC lull
/f/ Halpruner's will cure your rheumatism quicker than IBl
/M/ any other medicine, because it works both ways— by /raf/
/Ml - applying it to the painful places you relieve the pain /ff /
I ffl at once— you drive it out. Then you take Halpruner's fj
/JB\ internally to remove the cause of the rheumatism— it I ml
Iffll keeps the pain away while it is curing you. /jwl
/will Halpruncr's is the greatest medicine of this atje be- /«/
lfoa^N cau ; s e it has made so many sick people well. Halpru- /«/
\^S£\ ner s is a lmimsnt so pure and harmless it can be taken /H/
| nt ernally and goes right to the seat of the trouble— IMI
HI '} . acts on the blood and the pores, of the skin, and /MI
ml dnv . es out impurities and rids the body of all infhm- I WA
IMI ' -'-" ma t lon - Pain and disorder. " f Fa I
II I If you have any doubts about it curing your rheu- 1E4I
/ml matism write to Miss Eva Jackson of Ore- |I||l
[Ml ' 'a? 11 ' °1 iT S "t- r - Fritsch e of 1432 Benton street, |lgi
ffl .Alameda.^ both of whom were cured in .short time by r'l^l
la taking Halpruner s. ' '•"*;;; ; : ~§ l^al
ill All druggists should sell Halpruner's— SO cents and $1 a bottle V$m
ftwl ~" th ,^ Ia £- e T. lze conl ainin:r three times the nua.itity of th- V$&\\
ftt\ small. But U your druggist tries to talk you out of purchasin- \fi\\
tl&\ [\. or °-. " £ s V lst , ltutt " aend th * money to the Haloruner Mecf itfJill
\«V&\ Mfs< Co -' ~ b Lalu orniu street, i-an Francisco and a bottle wil' isSSl
Avi«\ ¦¦•be pent.to you prepaid. • ... . "" l " c wlu jr."')Some of the patients of a Baltimore hos
pital for the Insane had their regular an
nual full-dress ball recently. The? Vinrinia
reel was the last number on the^pro*
gramme., which was made tip of all th&
dances known to present day polita so).
Six and a Half Miles Above Earth.
Messrs. Berson and Suehring. the fam
ous meteorological aeronauts of the Ber
lin Observatory, accomplished a magnl
cent ballooning feat recently by attaining
an altitude of 33,800 feet— almost six and
a half miles. This is the greatest height
recorded by the Instruments carried by
the aeronauts, but It Is probable that they
ascended to a greater altitude. The maxi
mum height they attained, however is
unknown, since both the observers fainted
owing to the rarefied atmosphere.
This Is not the highest altitude that haa
been attained by an aeronaut. In Septem
ber, 1S62, Messrs. Glalsher and Coxwell
ascended from Wolverhampton, England
to a height of 36.000 or 37,000 feet. The ex
act altitude was not recorded, since tho
two men were overcome by the intense
cold and the rarefaction of the atmos
phere. Mr GUUsher fainted and Mr.
Coxwell only Just succeeded In opening
the valve by pulling the valve rope o*
the balloon with his teeth to enabte tha
vessel to descend.— Chicago News
Ah' ancient viking cup, made, out" of the
vertebrae of a whale, has been found at
Harroldswlck, in .Shetland.', \ ¦¦ ••.'';.¦•''
A 100-foot mast has: been set up In
Slasconset, Mass., for the wirclese tele
graph station which will receivo messages
from the Nantucket lightship. The ground
connections were made by placing eight
heavy metallic plates, two and a half by
eight feet, in.the ground. ¦'-.•¦'¦,
periods were not uniformly cold. Indeed,
within the laat-named period there wero
two normal ' winters, viz., 189-1 and- 1898.
The 'final-conclusion . appears to 'be that
the statistics show.no progressive change
In climate in • this ¦ region, and that there
is j no known a priori reason i why there
should "¦ be such* a- change." >
Will Give Picnic.
The City Front Federation will give a
picnic on May 18, at Glen Park. The com
mittees are:
Arrangements — M. Casey, chairman: T.t
Westoby. secretary: ' John . Kean, treasurer.
Printing— D. Barry. P. Johnson, J. McLaugh-
Iln. D. A. Desmond, L,. Bury. Music — T.
Westoliy, M. Casey. Games — K. Furlontr, A.
C. Holmes, J.. McDermott, R. Smith. Danc-
Jng— A. C. Holmes, G. t>. Monhaber, L. • C.
¦\Villinms, D. Barry, T. F. DoJan. Prizes— P.
Whearty. G. Hardie. D. Harris. v
The picnic is for the benefit of the
widows and orphans of men killed- In the
late strike. ' ~ .'•:•¦
."Our. ¦ Improved sewing machine," said
tho agent as he set the little wonder
clicking, "can. bo handled by a child, it's
bo easy to run.".
' ''It seams easy," said tho wife of the
parugraphcr as sho watched tho nimblo
needle.' ' '• ¦ . • . , ¦¦
Then the agent slowly and sadly loaded
the machine back in the wagon and drove
away.— Cleveland Plain Dealer.
Weather Bureau Statistics Show No
•Progressive Change in a ,
"Chosen Section.
The following paragraph. from ajreccnt
letter of the chief of. the weather bureau
bears on the question whether tho'cllmato
has changed in recent times: •: "In the first
place, instrumental data are not available
in any part of - the- world for a longer
period than 800 years, and oven these are
not accurate. The -effect of man's occu
pancy of the earth-Is an unknown factor.
Through ' his agency large areas v of the
earth's surface have been deforested and
cultivated. Water has been diverted from
streams and spread ¦ over the Boll.'thus
transforming desorts into fertile plain*.
Tho latter, Tn . turn, through the" varying
fortunes of ..empires have again* become.
arid. .-While -the total -effect of such
changes as - man has wrought is probably,
small, who shall say that it Is absolutely
nil? ; in ' the second place, tho . records of
the weather bureau show that during. the
last fifty 'years there have -been three
marked cold periods in the South Atlantic.
States, • viz., 1 - from 1852 >¦ to 1S57, both : in
clusive;.from 1871. to 1875,; both inclusive;
and from 1892 to- 1891, both inclusive,- a
total of twenty-one years out of ¦: fifty.'
All the years -within the" above-named
DOES MAN'S AGENCY i WORK
CHANGES IN OXTB CXIMATE
LONDON. March 29. — The revenue of the
United Kingdom for the quarter ending March
31 shows an Increase of £4,018.01.3, due entire
ly to the additional 2d placed on the Income
tax. J . .
TOPEKA. Kan., March 21). — neports - from
nearly all the counties in the wheat belt say
that th« wheat crop in Kansas this year is ln
good condition and that the yield will be very
large. • . . \ .
COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo.', March 20.—
Hpencvr Fcnrose and Charles H. MacNcall of
this city have purchased for $800,000 the fa
mous Plnos Altos group of mining claims, em
baclng 31.OOQ acres, in Chihuahua, Mex. .-
TELEGRAPH NEWS.
LONDON, March 29.— Abstaining from
eating 1 meat during Lent is quite going
out of fashion ln London. This is apparent
ly due more to the high price of fish than
to a decline in religious feeling. There
have never been so many special religious
services and they have never been so
largely attended and : never was there a
Lent or a holy week in which the butchers
were busier. Owing to the stormy weather
which prevailed during the month of.
March the fishermen were unable to send
full supplies of fish, hence the scarcity
and high prices of the usual Lenten food.
Apart from trade reasons,' society's at
titude has probably something to do with
London's consumption of food, for the res-,
taurants were nightly crowded throughr
out Lent with non-abstaining notables,
while the* number of social dinners enor
mously exceeded those of the former,
regime.
Only as regards marriages has London's
old-time observance of Lent -remained.'
None of any importance has occurred.
The royal: family did not join in the gay
'ety this week, but King Kdward was the
puest at a dinner given during the week
By Major General Fisher- Paget and Mrs.
Paget. Another American woman, Mra.
Adair, gave a cotillon March 25, which
was one of the most brilliant events of
the London season. ,
Queen 'Alexandra, who is at present at
Copenhagen and-. wh« • until lately'-never
cared- for -card3, Is now a devotee . of
bridge whist. She was so desirous of be
coming an expert that she paid a tutor to
teach her and ; acquired such proficiency
that her playing at Lord Farquhar's royal
party was much commented upon. Her
Majesty paid her losses out of a little
gold purse hung to her waist. King Ed
ward has long been an expert bridge whist
player, but the Queen's conversion 'causes
tome comment. .
BERLIN, March* 29.— Andrew D. White,
United States Embassador to' Germany,
*has not resigned and is "quite undecided
as to whether he will do so at some fu
ture time or serve out his term. His
health, though not robust, is better than
it has been for several. years. He never
misses his office hours and has been un
commonly active in a social way. The
Em6assador is now on the Riviera, sim
ply on regular leave of absence.
President Roosevelt, after assuming the
Chief Magistracy, asked White, as he did
the other American Embassadors ana
other Ministers, if he would remain dur
ing his term, and Mr. White gave him
his general assurance that he would. This
assurance, however, is not regarded as a
bar to the Embassador's offering his
resignation at any time. White, after his
active life, is rather weary of the Em
bassadorship. • ' ¦
Germany's dispute with Venezuela is
not yet wholly closed, although broad
bases of settlement have been agreed
upon. The German squadron at La
Guayra has been dispersed, thus with
drawing the implied threats against Ven
ezuela. Germany wishes to allow Presi
dent. Castro ample time to yield to the
conditions laid | down in January last,
which have been, modified in accordance
¦ with President Castro's demand. '
It is apparent that the Boers' experience
with modern rifles will have a permanent
Influence upon German military tactics.
Emperor William and high military au
thorities have been closely studying all
authentic accounts of Boer battles, which
describe whole companies rising and rush
ing forward to new firing positions, as
had "hitherto been customary. The Em
peror has instituted the practice of only
eight or ten men rising at once and ad
vancing and has decided also that all
topographical features 'of the field must
be fully utilized for the protection of the
attackers. .
As Illustrating tho importance- which
the authorities here attach to the military
lessons of the Boer war, it may be men
tioned that returning officers In all cases
get appointments to the general staff.
High Price of Fish One
Reason for a New
:l Custom;
Embassador to Germany
Very Likely to
Resign.
LONDON EATS
MEAT IN LENT
WHITE WEARIES
OF DIPLOMACY
John Martin, an aged miner of Tonopah,
Nev., has .lately .gained a fund .of valua
ble metropolitan experiences which a life
time residence in the frontier mining
camps denied him. Incidentally he lost a
lot of specimens of gold quartz, the value
of which he estimates at $2000. ¦
It was not until Mr. Martin had emerged
into the sere and yellow leaf that fortune
made it possible for him to suffer so great
a loss, but she was prodigal with her
gifts when she did relent. The aged
miner was one of the lucky leaseholders
in Tonopah who took out fortunes from
the fabulously rich mines Jast year. Aside
from holding a lease on ground belong
ing to the Tonopah Mining Company, he
located some ground of his own, and after
the expiration of his lease he did some
development on his individual claims.
Fortune was still with him. and he un
covered a stringer of amazingly rich gold
ore. Then he concluded to take a vaca
tion, and selecting some especially choice
specimens from . his new discovery he
came to San Francisco.
Naturally he drifted into the company
of mining men in this city, and his speci
mens were freely shown and commented
upon. To him one day came a man who
took the keenest interest In the new find
Such glorious fragments of a rich vein
awoke unbounded admiration in him.
What figure did the lucky owner place
on the claims? Martin had wearied of Ufa
in mining camps, and he thought it would
be nice for him to part with his holdings
at a good round figure and live in the
whirl of metroplitan life.
Could the promoter sell these claims?
Why. there was nothing to It. He had
bunked with Johnny Mackay in the old
days before the Comstock and he and
Tom Lane had gone to school together in
Missouri. When he showed them those
specimens they would get writer's cramy
making out checks for the purchase pric-
Martin turned over the specimens to
the promoter, and calmly waited in an
ticipation of his bank roll increasing to
euch dimensions that a hound could not
Jump over it. But day gave way to day
without the consummation of the deal be
ing announced, and the old man became
uneasy. He took counsel with a friend
who was younger and wiser than he, and
was told that he had probably been bun
koed. Together they repaired to Captain
Seymour's office Friday and told him
the story. Detective Harry Reynolds was
detailed on the case, and succeeded in lo
cating the promoter, but even the com
manaing prfesence and the harsh bass
voice of the authorized sleuth failed to im
press the promoter to the extent of re
turning the specimens.
He claimed he was in lawful possession
of them/ and defied the officer to molest
him. Reynolds could do no more, so he
advised the confiding miner to swear out
a warrant against the promoter for felony
embezzlement, and let it go at- that.
Martin intends to have the promoter ar
rested, and will swear to a complaint to
morrow morning ln the Polcie Court.
Old John Martin Trusts
Specimens to a'
i ¦ ¦. j j^-. Proiriotie^^^-~ v
VISALIA. March '20. — Emmett Swarts, an
electrician, was killed to-night at the' city
power station. -He received a shock of 2200
voltace.
"EVERETT, Wash./ March 20.— The steam
schooner Albion River was launched to-day,
after three attemrts to get her off the ways.
She will load lumber here for San Francisco.
VAL.LEJO, March 20.— A > native Filipino
took advantage of his American citizenship
yesterday rand , shipped ¦ aat a : landsman r in- the
United States navy." He is a well-built fel
low, but cannot talk English.
PRESCOTT/ Ariz./ March 29.— W. ,T. Eddy,
a well-known miner of this section, fell down
a shaft of the Poland mine on Bit Bu/c .last
night and received Injuries from which he died
in a few hours. He was about SO years old.
MARTINEZ. March 29.— The Contra Costa
County Chamber of Commerce to-day elected
these temporary officers : President, W. S.
Tinning: of Mp.rtlnez; treasurer, A. II. Bean
of Crockett: tccretary, G. W. Mllnea of Mar
tinez.
POUT TOWNSEND. March 20.— Captain de
Vrles of the Holland steamship Wllhelmlna
was bound over this morning by United States
Commissioner Kuhn to await the action of the
United Btates Grand Jury, which will con
vene ln Spokane on April 8, on ¦ a charge of
illegally landing three Chinese.
WHATCOM. Wash., March 29.— At the of
fices of the Uellinzham Bay and British Co
lumbia Railway Company it Is announced that
a coros of ennineers has been placed in the
field to select a route for an extension of the
line from Ho nrcasnt terminus at Maple Falls
across the Cascade Mountains to the Methow
country.
REDDING, March 29. — Suffering from an ln
curable disease, and with a sick wife and three
small children dependent upon his exertions, I.
K. Garrett ended his troubles by Jumping into
the icy waters of Bear Creek, in SIskiyou
County, last Monday. To make assurance
doubly cure the suicide attached a rock weigh
ins twenty-five pounds to his neck by means of
a towel. The body has been- recovered. . ¦ •
ALONG THE COAST
LONDON, March 29.— Miss Ellen M
Stone, the American missionary, 'arrived
in London to-day. She said to. a corre
spondent:
/ "I am very tired, but lam glad to be
here. I cannot reiterate too ; often my
thanks to my. American friends; on the
other side. I shall be delighted to get
home once more.: I cannot say any more
than Is known about the causes for the
kidnaping. The idea that Tsilka had any
thing to do with it is just as absurd and
cruel as when some people hinted I had
connived at my own abduction.
"Macedonia is a very troubled state. It
Is seething. What *is going to- happen I
do not know. The Government must set
tle who must make amends for our. cap
ture. Throughout my captivity I felt the
hand of God guiding and protecting me.
Why my people are so anxious to see ras
and hear what I have to say puzzles me.
If I had done something myself I could
understand; but I was only an unwilling
agent in the incident, which, I hope and
pray, will eventually benefit the work of
the gospel in Bulgaria and Turkey." i i
Miss Stone Is staying at a friend s
house, where she has so far successfully
evaded an army of reporters who have
been scouring Liondon in search of her.
While she talked Miss Stone constantly
played with • her " umbrella and ¦ started
nervously at any noise. The lines in her
face show the anxiety she has gons
through. Ray Stannard Baker, who
brought Miss Stone from Salonica to Lon
don, said: .
"The interest Miss Stone created was
extraordinary. All through Turkey and
Servia the crowds waiting at the stations
passed around the car in the hope of see
ing Miss Stone. Some of those who knew
her came in, talked-'with her and bade
her farewell. .Until we got to Servia the
most stringent precautions were taken by
the officials to prevent a repetition of the
kidnaping. One of the most interesting
parting scenes was the baptism of the
Tsilka baby ' last Sunday. The ceremony
occurred in Mr. House's little Bulgarian
chapel at Salonica. Miss Stone became
godmother, and the bady was named the
Bulgarian equivalent for Ellen.
"It will be a long 1 time before Miss
Stone recovers from the effects of her
captivity. She scarcely slept until she
reached Ostend yesterday evening, and is
still very nervous and slightly lame, a3
the result of the fall, from her horse while
she was* in the hands of the brigands.
Since her release Miss Stone's time has
been greatly taken up with letters from
all parts of the world evincing the sym
pathy and interest, which her ¦ capture
created. During nearly, all the journey
from Salonica* Miss Stone wrote assidu
ously ln an endeavor to answer these cor
respondents^ '
COPENHAGEN, March 29.— In an inter
view with a correspondent on the subject
of Congressman • Richardson's resolution
for the appointment of a committee to in
vestigate charges made by Captain
Christmas in regard to the -sale of the
Danish West Indies, a high official Eaid:
Neither Christmas nor Gron was ever iiven
credentials as agent for the sale of the Danish
West Indies. Christmas has been forced to
declare 'that his report of bribery was false.
These men never negotiated with Washington,
and have tn no way influenced the negotia
tions. These were conducted through Laurits
S. Swenson. the United States Minister here,
and Constantln Brun, the Danish Minister at
Washington. The Danish Government is under
no obligation to private persons. Hence no
commission Is due or will be paid.
The alleged scandal 1e the result of a quar
rel between Christmas and Gron. The latter
claimed he effected the sale and that hence
he wanted a commission. Christmas made
a similar claim, accompanying lt by a con
fidential report to the Danish Oovernment con
taining: statements regarding bribery, etc., as
recently published ln Washington. Most of
the report was printed by the Danish press
some time ago. Gron, seeing it was hopeless
to expect a commission, started for Wash
ington with ChrlBtroas' report ln his pocket,
boasting to the anti-sale advocates here that
he would be revenged by Influencing Congress
to decline to pass the appropriation for the
purchase of the Islands.
Before the commencement of the negotia
tions Christmas and Gron actually tried to be
come connected with the matter as agents.
The then Premier. Dr. Hoering. gave them
eorne encouragement and private, persons fa
voring the sale furnished small amounts for
their traveling expenses. Dr. Hoerlng was
indiscreet. He discussed a commission, but
bribery was not suggested. He and the other
parties epeedily discovered that they had been
imposed upon and broke off their connection
with Christmas and Gron, considering them to
be without influence.
WASHINGTON, March 29 —The special
committee appointed by Speaker Hender
son to investigate allegations In connec
tion with the Danish West Indies pur
chase held an executive meeting to-day
and determined to begin the investigation
next Tuesday morning. The committee
unanimously decided that the hearings
would be open to the public. Chairman
Dalzell was authorized to make any ar
rangements necessary to secure the pres
ence of witnesses. It was understood,
however, that several parties would ap
pear voluntarily without being sum
moned.
As the charges showed that they had
been brought to Representative Richard
son's attention by Niels Gron, it was con
sidered desirable that the latter should
appear, and he probably will be heard on
Tuesday.
TAKES MINER'S
GOLD QUARTZ
in London.
Missionary Who Was Kid
; , ,naped Arrives. Safely
Congressmen, However, -Will
Investigate Report of
Scandal.
Official of Denmark Says
Christmas Has Now
Explained.
Miss Ellen Stone Tells
About Impending
Rebellion. .
TROUBLE BREWS
IN MACEDONIA
ADMITS BRIBERY
STORY IS FALSE
25
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 30, 1902.
Billions of Stamps Issued.
In 1901 5,701,033,286 pieces of stamped pa
per were issued to postmasters, with a
value of <104,739 ; op2 49, showing an Increase
of 379.208.412 in number, or 7.12 per cent
and $7,073,86135 in value, or 7.24 per cent
over the preceding year. * .
Some University Statistics.
The following table represents the ac
tual state of certain American universi
ties in November, 1901:
Total Total
University. • Students. Teachers.
California 3.M0 250
Chicago 3J27 202
Columbia 4.422 4&5
Cornell 3,211? 337
Harvard t 5.576 495
Indiana.... 1,067 . 78
Johns Hopkins 655 133
Stanford 1,223 164
Michigan ....3,816 239
Minnesota 3.536 260
Northwestern 2,365 244
Pennsylvania ..2,520 270
Princeton ..1,362 s»
Wisconsin ...• 2.812 170
Y ?i e . ••/'•••"'•• ......2,680 200
It is interesting to note the varying ra
tio of number of Instructors to number of
students in the different cases "
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SPiifpiENs
Of Physical Manhood.
No form of athletic exercise demands such
perfect physical condition as prize ( fighting.
Every muecle In the body must be fully devel-
1 oped and suocle, and' the heart, lunes and
stomach must ant to perfection.
Whether we Indorse prizefighting or ¦ not. lt
1b nevertheless interesting- ¦ to know the manner
by which men arrive at such physical perfec-
tion.
.Tames Jeffries, . the present champion heavy-
weight cf the world, and his gallant opponent,
Tom Sharkey, in the greatest pugilistic en-
counter- that has ever taken place, both pur-
sued much the same course of training:, \ and !
the first and most important part of this train-
ing was to eet the stomach ln condition and to
keep- the diceatlcn . absolutely perfect/ ko that
every muscle and nerve would be at Its high-
est capabilities. '¦.*. .
This was not done by a secret patent medi-
cine, but both of these ercat pugilists used a
well-known natural "digestive tablet sold by
druggiFls under name of Stuart's Dyspep-
sia Tablets and composed of the digestive fer-
ments " which every stomach requires ¦ for
healthy dlcestlon.
Champion Jeffries saya: "Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets prevent acidity, strengthen tho stomach
and inaure perfect digestion. They keep a man
ln fine physical condition." SlKned, James J.
Juftrles, champion of the world.
The gallant lighter, Sharkey, says: "Stuart's
Dyspepsia Tablets remove all discomfort ' after
eating. They rest the (stomach and reatore it
to a healthful condition. I heartily recommend
them." Blgned, ¦ Thos. J. Sharkey.
The advantage of the dally use of Stuart's
Dynpcpnla Tablets Is that they keep people
•well and ward off ' sickness and are equally
valuable to well persons as to the dyspeptics
Another advantage. Is that these tablets con-'
tain no cathartics or poisons of any character
but simply digestive ferments which aro found
In every healthy stomach, and when digestion
Is Imperfect lt i« because the stomach lacks
some of thrse elements and Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets supply lt. ' . ¦ , - .
• They are no cheap cathart*-;, but a perfectly
(safe and efficient digestive and Mm demand for
them Is greater than the sale of all other so-
called <Jy«pcuola cures combined.' No remedy
could possibly reach euch a place ln public es-
teem except as a result- of positive merit. •'
Full sized packages are sold by all druggists
at CO centn, and the best habit you can poiwlbly
f orm " Is to take a- Stuart .Tablet after each
meal. ¦ They make weak stomachs strong and
keep ' strong stomachs vigorous. ' ¦ • . . . ¦ ••-¦ •
••'¦.-• . .-.¦¦¦,.'
ADVEHTiSEMENTS;""
A Fine Genuine Chickering Bargain.
>n Emerson at Half Price. Cut
Prices to Contiuae AHIhis Wo2k,or
Until Stock Is Closed Out. $450
Pianos For $286. All $308 Stjles
Now $183 af Pommer-Eilers jilusic
Company, the New Era Piano Store
Another fine and costly piano, the
Hazellon of New York, will find a new
home with Pommer-Eilers Music Com-
pany. The beautiful Hazelton has been
sold in California 'since the early days,
*nd on account of its delightful musical
qualities, combined with its marvelous
durability, it has made and maintained
many Iriends in this State as well as
throughout the East.
"There is not a piano that for more
than tcrty years j has so uniformly main-
tained the highest grade of workmanship
und artistic musical qualities as the
liazelton." enthusiastically exclaimed one
of San Francisco's veteran dealers yes-
terday, and he was right. The Hazeltou
will Le heard in musical* circles of the
Golden Stale. A carload of these fine
pianos, specially selected by the president
of our company at the New York fac-
tories, will arrive Wednesday.
THE CUT. PRICES CONTINUE.
'Xam week we continue the sale of tne
pianos specially advertised last week. So
long as the supply lasts we will sell you
a very elegant largesc Cabinet Grand size
uprignt piano, in either tancy mahogany
or mottled walnut cases, pianos that nave
been sold regularly heretofore for not less
than Uw, we will sell them now at the
special price of &SS6 each. No more :s
asfcea— no less will be accepted— J2M> to all
alike— 3 per cent ott lor all cash— or ?-'u
uewn ana 510 a month. . , . _ : . . • : .
$300 STYLESTOR $1 83.
Tfcc.se remaining rcguiar $3iW pianos,
brand new ones, shouiu all rind ouyers
this week at the specially low advertised
prices, J1&6 ana *l&s. We are sure you will
not Una a singie one of these pianos on
hand by the end of the week. Better come
in Monday and pick out the one you llKa
best.
l'aese pianos are fully warranted, and
while we are willing to take $lsS and 51S3
lor them, rest assured they are in every
way as good and as valuable as the in-
struments were heretofore when sold for
It is not that we are selling' cheaper
pianos, but we're selling pianos cheaper.
We bave told you bow ln conducting
fpur leading stores in tour leading cities,
under one management, we save money ln
uuymg large quantities of pianos, how i
\v«s save money in shipping them without
lxjxes, how our store rents are less per
piano sold than any other dealers, how,
in tact, cur selling expense is less by
many doliars than other dealers or agents,
iarge or small.
ANOTHER DISCOVERY.
Then \\e \u uiscovereu anoiuer source
of saving money and thereby selling
cheaptr. Four word* will tell all about
it." "\\ e pay no commissions." Every
dealer here who sells at big prices wl:l
pay from 10 to 20 per cent or the price of
ins piano to any one who has furnished
lilm the name of the customer. Just think
ol that. Do you wonder piano prices have
been high? Uut more of this later.
HERE'S A FULL-FLEDGED OR-
CHESTRA.
We are instructea by Air. C. A. Allsky ;
of Uiis city to sen lor his account an es-
pecially line Orchestral Grand Crown
piano, together witn an elegant Orchestral
. Angejus piano player. Tiie Crown pia.ic
in a duplicate ot the tine instrument used
by Homer i.ii;«l at the Orpheum this week.
'lain ]>uuio is the original many-toned in-
titiumeut. by means of which the music
of any stringed instrument, such as the
guiiar, tnanaoiin, harp, autoharp, splnnet,
etc, ¦ can be perfectly reproduced. The
Angclus is an instrument enabling any
one without any knowledge of music or
notes whatsoever to play with the most
perlect expression even the most difficult
music ever composed. In addition to this
tne Angeius contains an orchestral ac-
cempamment effect, such as the flute and
the violin.
1 hese instruments originally cost $900
and are in every respect as good as new.
We will guarantee them in every detail.
We are instructed to dispose of them
at once, and to accomplish this object
can almost split the price in two. Nor
need the sale be for all cash, as reason-
ably small monthly payments can be ar-
ranged with any responsible purchaser '¦¦
Better see these Instruments Monday.
They will surely be sold by the middle of
the week. . •
A CHICKERJNG SNAP.
We have also a special bargain in a
fine, large ros~ewood cased Chickering up-
right, used less than a year. The instru-
ment has been left here "on sale" by a
lady who has gcrne to the Orient to reside.
It you can use a fine piano, here's the
chance to get one at a big saving in price.
All cash preferred, but payments on part
can be arranged with any responsible
buyer.
ALSO AN EMERSON.
flCS— J10 down and $t> a month if desired-
will buy a splendid mahogany cased Em-
erson upright that has not been used to
exceed two years. It Is in perfect order,
and we will accompany it with our regu-
lar five-year warranty. See it first thing
to-morrow— it's a genuine snap, well
worth double the money. .
Don't forget the number. 653 Market
street, opposite the Lotta fountain. Just
below Kearny street, is the place. Pom-
mer-Eilers Music Company, the New Era
Piano Store.
¦¦¦•."•-¦¦ ; ; : EOSEWBEBG'S: :.r : ;/.j ;:I :' : :i' JOE l ItbSEjSrBEBG J S. I JOE BOSESrBER<yS. f JOE SOSEITBEBQ'S.
jJBm' More than even exchange for your money. |
M J^Hk Money back if goods are not satisfactory, I
I "^^^^^HB The BUSY store is the RIGHT store in which I
I ' jT^fu^H^^ to buy/ It is not busy without good reason* 1
I y^jT -Jh Why are we so busy? These values te3L I
I $ d&P — cat PEOPLE e an ar} d D° Undersell Any For Equal Qualities We Are Never J|
:;i|,;'4>^^^ made ihm b y | One mTownori MuM Undersold. \\
U^) If id i 'I Hlli. ¦¦•¦- •tfSft' • - V Underwear. «?^V There are many prudent H
T&PslintUI /l/ys^sr y^ Wearinq \OUr w . , „,„„„/„,.* ,.«;>„„, \ s \ shoppers, who never make a g
W^MUlWHuUltr/s/r^s^^s's^*-' 55- ' 6n. tLiJ'U Why? Because we manufactwrex it our- \ I purchase elsewhere until they H
WilsJxv ilHIllff vC?Z^drS/rS/£~~ /Z^ ' S&afe&z** Celebrated ma-' selves ; and further than that, we are con- i**k Inform themselves In regard CT
feS^ V^^P' Jesty Corset tsnt » iih P r °*[ s than ™"'- h Q hU ur o f pr SJ or yc?u S£ £m 1
K«J»n ,«J C-^y^i l ////JT^H / / // fH'^r / l^SSjOTSr^ '— . . ~«.«* -»*- . ,/Q» This week we nave \l / finri It a nrrfi'ihlr* pvimn'p tn ci
%W^^* (^^V/////^^jJ////f/^X EmK'- Price, S2. 75. £fJ ladies' skirts made of \\ / J^" a Provable example to a
l^^r^^ufm <^r ™ NPEOfL b E fk Ei ra "Hb° d bi Ti ralsS?£?^3i
I "^^^^^^^^^^^ W JTV H !r W M0mk S^feEl^i 35c Instead"* 75c. |
I Melba bUSt form .gjgMSp tra wide. It doean-t LADIES' VESTS, made of pood qual- a
i. ¦¦; ¦.-.*^ ss Fm&Zr. price, boo. -¦ a e to x k n e ,you rt3^ slss ffi a«r k ;eff 1
I irrri/T/ni// AT IAHTI ' S- f^ article llke tWs at thlS prlCe ' Jw' ribbed, ""nick "SShetJ^Kl 9
B ATTENTION I ¦ ¦ AT LAST I SS—lo. drawn through with s'lk tape: colors, M
[¦--^•¦DAiKTrw.::; • - ¦•¦ -w^have^re, 75c instead of $1.25. p^^ffis^arssrsfi'ffi&as:!
fPifliii ™R S .DI?BsIWb: PSligiFi §Iw E §E°C U K* LADIES' DRAWERS.- made of best
§- M II I »*¦" GALOONS, . made , of M AK ER, ALL fine open pattern of Swiss embroidery, „ , * "* p " ce r ....ooC El
il best material. In scroll A m „ '^^P^J^^^J^P button-hole edge. The kind that will Sale at OTarrell Street Kntrance. , : H
1 3^^£®U&£gn&L Some Extra Fme Values m Our*
| «or .he money ........ yard _oc SgffeggQ wng-QUICK jjug | Some fe^rf ' Vakes ,„ C h,t- **-. HoMry Department |
H JUSt HeCeiVea. •.; WAY OF DOING BUSINESS. AND /Afpn'c Kmi llnrlppwenn *&7?* LADIES' FANCY HCVJTi' II
1 500 yards NEW LINE OF LACES for ™DIV M0RE PROFITABLE IN „„____„," ' _" ". , A AZ/B " made o£ best Q"a«ty Eng- f|
Hunder-muslins. It is fiiiest torchon, in ™E END . TAr»T^^-rtv^T> CHILDREN'S VESTS, made of «rood /7%S lish thread, double hoefs 63
i newest patterns, looks like linen hand- -This week we have LADIES' OVER- Peruvian cotton fleece lned. medium Lk, f> and toes, ¦ warranted fast §
M run 3 inches wide The best and strong- COLLARS, hand embroideried with best weight, soft and pliable, high neck, long Sfr Jrp* colors, in striped or figured B
1 esf'lacemadefor trimming under-mui- wash .silks, on best quality extra heavy sleeves neck finished with strong silk EM^ •" designs. • extra long, fver? H
1 fins. Nowhere in town can you get such linen in all- the new est^ designs all tape; colors, ecru and gray; Jersey /EflW elasUc Wiery that sold 3
lvalue as Sn^veS S # V "f -SySf 0 ?. *M^.:?^SS |
I Narrow Lace at Narrowest Price. Something New m the Fancy' ''tS^SA^iSj^^^^^ Everlastma H
1 273 pieces of VALENCIENNES LACE, . * p.. n hU I , na length. ....125c CVeriOSTing }: l
H in this season's newest patterns, look Bell OUCKie Line. = - * . . ' ¦ CHILDS* HOSE, made of extra quality B
gllkereal. but will wear better. one Inch lt Is the BUCKLE SET consIsUng of . Something for the Baby. £?T vl ? n CO "5 n J, blc y cI « ribbed, double* H
Bwide. 12 yards to piece. Our price. j h j t t fl , gn and . rnuFnar unruea-i my JufiS toe 5h en tf k S e^. : . tu "., 1 , ensth> very 9
M piece JOC a fancy slide for the back. They are BABY S COMFORT. MOTHER o JOY. * last ' c - The kind that will wear and H
PI Hi* MieVnLa Vnnn Hmn made of best quality untarnlshable -_. The ACME SHOULDER ™., .because they are made that way. R
M J& HIS miStaKe lOUr Uain. , me tal, in French gray, enamel, oxidized ffih DIAPER SUSPENDER-It Is W f rran ! ed K fas V black. Best possible B
3 / 9ffs% LADIES' COLLAR made and burnished gold, ¦ floral and figure de-. ®7. light, loose and elastic. There vaiue at w>© price , 17c uj
m nt th« v»P<;t Rpifn<it ' lin*>n- signs, worth $1. Our special ....75c /St\ ,* is no danger of the diaper - . li
Ifflh I^Sll^San^ nv n 9c and a Wonder W^- t2FV^-F^ u J&. 25c Lace Effect Hose Now 17c. U
Ml I urer' m^e to mtSr Sf f\ f! VC.ana OWOnaer .U\\ the case when the suspender LADIES' HOSE, made of good^quallty I
I V H J thelS sl^eslnd styles, hence I V_/ i for the Money. ¥f? ? °"*? S^i.iS 68 .,' 11 1 ' fi as S Iac , k ' "****&& 1
H thp rpdurtion'"^ 12c collar I \ * ITU pressure off the child s hip3 lace effect; high spliced heels and toes El
n now reauctlon v ?U m™ • V II ) LADIES' CORSET ]/\l while its bones are soft, and ; full" length, "very elastic; whole3a'er ? 9 1
|1 now.. .or* *- .V s «,LLi»j^ COVERS, made, of best compressible. It saves the price J3 a dozen. Our price 17,. I
il M.Ur. ««r7 M.Ur. n / DiAAo« B \ii}^W quality soft bleached child's vests from being torn ' .... ,_. . . . *3
ti miles ana Miles OT niOpOnS.i: 3MfMA muslin, high or lowneck. with safety pins that usually hold the Summpn /c Pnminn nnrl Y n .. U/.IlM
II . Boueht at a forced sale at //) .fv\ fitted, well made and diaper In place. It Is made of fine. soft, summer IS Laming and fOU Will ft
H G&* less than half ' < <Z / \N> neatly finished. Note this extra strong white Nainsook, also all- Soon Nf>t>H Shint Wni*+« H
mmft ftf COME AND SEF IF — U-J-*^ price.. *)c eflk elastic. Health, comfort and money OO0/7 neea O/7//*r WaiStS. ||
m **Q fim THIS* IS NOT THE STORE ... n ... n . TZlf^^f 1^^ suspender - Our assortment is large and H
H^W^s THAT ADVERTISES We ) Practice MS We Preach. pensive and useful ..J09 gA a m^«J lth P ri ce» to meet all tj
El Wv*&B$ All silk, full flve inches LADIES' WRAPPERS, made of extra Combination Suits at Half Pr/Ce. affiL B ° m J> very, fine jj
I AVC^ wide, in stripes, with cord- strong American percale in this season-s _ . _i_, , rmmmAXTnv qrTT « ff|»r\ of best quality percale, linen g
fir] s8w ed borders in all the n»west newest colors, nounce bottom, htted COMBINATION SLITb, Ji«f[Aa color, with black stripe and fl
¦S&rfgaT shade combinations such as baok « ful1 front - braid trimmed, full made of best XX Eeruvian yarn. Swiss Q|mV dot. French back.'^ full front : §1
HS?^a whUe with ptnk blue lat- ]cn^ h > £ood worth $1. Our ribbed, high neck, long sleeves ankle y-j new sleeve, adjustable couSr Q
|V-^ . e^erVndroL?oVelseso^ld s P e^al 69c fM ££?**£* % n ''pAc^elfewheri ¦'¦ tf Yfu couldn't buy material for i
II « color with satin polka dot, 1 n CL tl n Ln ± ±- S « to Th« RmS^JforK mIpp -^ the price we ask for waist H
g flve inches wide, only.; ...lDc In Our Shell Comb Department at |10 °- The sma11 store 8 P rice — «t>c complete •.oOcl
1 19c Instead Of 40c. We hare many surprises awaiting you. 12c Instead of 25 C. Sale at O'Farrell Street Entrance. I
m ALSO in this lot we have the new .. Here are a few : LADIES' HAIRPINS, made of best Our New Adjustable DreSS Shield I
B."His.pipn^pnej""-v--"-v" V ..iyc that won't pull nor break the finest • Tnifai Pino ~ /feah PHYSICIANS RECOMMEND
m On sale Bargain Table, Market-street hair; it holds the short hairs. up at the ' .lOliet flttS. ilMt THEM FOR HEALTH
R entrance. ; back and gives a neat, well finished ap- Made of best quality steel, needle &rrl They are made of very best 1
ffl • _ *,' ," : " 5* . pearance to the hair. Priced to suit points, jet headed. The busiest store C*T© material, are odorless and can 1
|| .. ; D t ,LeptS.^ ¦„ : i . ¦ a11 •••• ••• 25c with smallest prices, box i c w*" 1 * be v/orn with any waist, .as I
n -rv * TxTovtr 'X.r-&ri\r rvn TTirn -RTTi-nrvv :.'-•> - • • ¦ • ' they can be adjusted by means of safety 1
|>^^&^^^^'.:'inF''' ; nnQEMRCRP' 816 - mar ket street, ss.-'^ss'&'&TaytssjRs
S"l" a !!J^..^'.-T..^..^L:...sl , Mail Orders Solloitei. PHELAN BDILDIHO. See 0 "'.'?. 6 . °'!'".°' '7"" 1 - Note ->$Z 1
WtBffW9h?SP?ffI^y!^-88yt'/fT l j[ bl£^issss^S^^^^^^^^*^^*^*^^^^"^"^^^^^"*^^^^^ PBlP^»JMM^WHW!W'JW > y i BT l^g'M!MWis > Ms»|i|s»siitii[B|s| b
M Eye Glasses are fitted with H
I DOUBLE GRIP GUARDS 1
f -<[ <Patented.) . H
« • Which never slip nor tilt, P3
m . and do not wound the nose h|
vy? 64 2 St. \&
Dr. Humphreys' v/7 ' prevents
Pneumonia and brsaks up
hard Colds that hang 1
0.*— Grip. ; ¦:
FOR CVtR SIXTY .YEARS
AH ILO AND WcLLrTfctD.REMEOY.
Mrtti. yviNsucm*^ to;, thing
l-a» been u«e<l lor over SIXTY YEARS by
M1LX1ONS of MOTHERS for thelrCHILDKE.V
WHILE TEETHING. WITH PERFECT SUC-
CESS. IT HOOTJ1KS the CHILD. SOKTEXS
lha'CCMfi, ALLAVH all I'AIN; CURKS WIND
CO1AC, ond )n the bent remedy for DIAft-
RHOilA. Sold hy DrucRlnti in every part of
the wcrid. Be pure and ask for
MRS. ¦; WINSL0WS .S.00THING SYRUP
AND TAKE 'J.'O' OTHER KIND. .
Twent*-l : ive Ccntu u Kotiie-
I Woodlawn Maple Syrup I
I Is the puiest and best Maple Syrup on the Market I
I Made pf pure Maple Sugar. • Try a can. 1
I. I WoodlaWN 1.
I ALL GROCERS SELL IT. """|
-In gal., half-gal, and Quart tins, quart and pint bottles. : „ £l
I LONG SYRUP REFINING CO. I
. . Eighth and Br annan Streets* • [ J
Phone South 4S6. SAN FRANCISCO* _, j!Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Times and Heights of High and Low
"Waters at Fort Point, entrance ' to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au./
thority of the Superintendent. . t
NOTE — The high and low waters' occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf), aboat
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort .Point;
the height of tide is the Eamo at both places.
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
March 29. 1002. . ,«•-
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day.
i..e.. at noon of the 120th meridian, or^at 8
p. m.. Greenwich mean time.
XV. H. STANDLET,
Lieutenant TJ. S. N., In charge. "
SUNDAY. MARCH -30.
Continued on Page Twenty-Seven.
To China— 1250 bbls flour, 1)700 lbs bean* 120
cs bottled beer. 0 pkgs bicycles nnd sundries,
J104 cs canned goods, 10 cs cereals, 370 lbs cod
fish, PCOO lbs dried fruit. 1000 bales domestics,
6 cs drugs, 2 pkss dry goods, l!)Gt pkss groco
rles and provisions. 10 baleii hay. 10 roils loath
er. 3C1 cs liquors. 45 pkg3 machinery. 8 cs nail«
2052 lbs oats, -0000 lbs pearl barley, 207 lbs
The steamer City of Poking, which sailed
yesterday for China and Japan. ,carrled mer
chandise for China valued at $77,400; Japan,
$01,898; Philippine Islands, ?fi821; East Indies.
$3459; Korea, $588; Vladivostok. ?17C4. The
following were, the principal shipments:
Merchandise for the Orient.
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
Mutters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
The schooner AVllliom Nottingham, now at
Redondo, soes to Puset Sound to load lumber
for Shanghai at "7s (M. '
The schooner Solano will load lumber at
Everett for Melbourne at 4Gs 3d, chartered
prior to arrival.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
raisins. 600 cs canned salmon. 1375 lbs shrimps,
3417 lbs sugar, 0 cs 2507 gals wine, 517 cs
wire.
To Japan — 1510 bbW flour. 484,73" lbs raw cot
ton, 23 pkgs agricultural implements. 14:: pkgs
bicycles and sundries. 1088 lbs butter. 100 lbs
beans, 790 lbs bread. 20 cs canned goods. 10 ca
dried fruit, 2 cs dry goods. 1 <:s drugs, 6 pkgs
electrical supplies, 404 pkgs groceries and pro
visions. 19 rltRa hardware. 150 lbs hops. 16 cs
liquors, 1C0 rolls 4 pkga leather. 2121 pigs lead.
28 pkgs machinery 25 pkgs rubber gooda. 300
bars steel and iron. 52,060 Ib3 tanbark. 10 cs
stationery. 3(J cs toap. 8 cs 520 gals wine.
¦To Philippine Islands — (520 cs canned milk.
110 pkgs groceries and provisions, 2 cs dry
goods, 34 pkgs hardware, 2 pk*s electrical sup
plies, 2 cs shoes, 3 pkgs machinery.
7_To Knst Indies — 541 cs canned ealmcn. 138 cs
assorted- canned goods, 130 pkgs groceries and
provisions, (i cs soap, 4 pkgs rubber goods, 1
cs leather. 1 cs machinery. .
To Korea — 11 pkgs groceries and provisions,' 7
pkgs building material. 8 cs hardware, 2 pkgs
rubber goods, 1 pkgr machinery. "
To Vladivostok — 1250 lbs bread. 5 cs gro
ceries, 2400 lbs, dried fruit. 60 bxs raisins, 12
pkKR machinery. 77 pkgs beer, 41 cs canned
goods, 1 pUg agricultural Implements.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Saturday, March 29.
Stmr Navarro, Devltt, 11 hours from Bo wens
Landing. : ¦
Stmr Meteor, Roberts, 3 days 20 hours from
Roche ' Harbor. «
hand column and- the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth, time column gives the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tirtea. as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the aounaings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus (— )
elgn precedes tho height, and then the number
riven is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts, -rhe plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters. S»
• ' J • -~V --"... • . - . ,-.:v;M-.:"';-v:,>:;,-,: -
OCCIDENTAL ANE^ ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP COMPANY'S LINER COMING IN FROM CHINA AND JAPAN
AFTER A ROUGH VOYAGE, AND THE PEKING, ALAMEDA AND AUSTRALIA DEPARTING FOR HONO
LULU, TAHITI, AUSTRALASIA AND PORTS OF THE FAR EAST.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
The steamship General Friable will to-day
mak« another extended tour or the bay, visit*
Ing Vallejo and other points of Interest. She
will start from Mission-street wharf at 0:4B
a. m. Tho United btates Marine Band will
again be on board.
Will Tour the Bay.
Henry Dallemagne, Consul General for
France, Is still Investigating the charges
brounht by the crew against rhe captain and
officers of the French bark Relne Blanche. Hs
tvas abonrd the vessel yesterday afternoon and
expects to devote several days to thoroughly
silting the history of the bark's trip from Aus
tralia. >. ,
Consul Still Investigating.
Just before the steamship Alameda sailed on
her previous voyage to Honolulu the members
of the crew presented a token of remembrance
to J. A. Poppen, who, after fifteen years of
service as porter on the steamship, resigned to
accept a position ashore. A meerschaum pipe
and case and a meerschaum cigar holder, suit
ably Inscribed, were the tokens given by the
Alameda's crew to their former shipmate. Fif
teen years as porter on one ship Is a record of
falthtul service. Poppen, who is well on in
years, is greatly missed by the officers cf the
AJameda, who were all fond of the old man
and had grown to look upon him as something
that went with the ship.
Popper's Long Service.
M. M. Clavius Marios, D. Dolsat and wife,
Mrs. G. R. 'Wells, Miss J. Welle, Mrs. G. A.
Eoyer, Miss M. Oge, J. E. Byrne and wife,
Mrs. J. E. Keller. N. T. Brandes, George W.
Bryant, H. J. Helnes and F. A. Allen.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's steamship
Australia sailed yesterday morning for Tahiti
with a large cargo and the following passen
gers:
Australia Sails for Tahiti.
The Paclflo Mail Company's steamship
Peking sailed yesterday at 1 o'clock for Hono
lulu and the Orient with a full cargo and
passengers as follows: ' *r
For Honolulu — F. Carty. Mrs. Carty and
child, J. A. Johnson. Mrs. J. A. Johnson and
child. Miss J. LeIIehua. Knsign jv. X. Mitchell.
U. S. ST.; H. Tlerney. j. Tierney, J. H. Wilson,
WS. Woodworth. . ' . . :
For Yokohama — B. A. Gould, C. G. Parker,
O. A. Poolt. W. P. Robert, assistant naval
constructor, U. S. N.
For Shanghai — P. A. Crosthwaite. t
For Hongkong — W. H. Donahue, Mrj. W.
H. Donahue. Miss Llllie Harris. Mrs. .J. F.
Larken, Mrt. J. McMullen, L. F. Potter, Mrs.
W. P. Robert. Miss A. Wieland.
From Honolulu — F. O. Spencer. P. M. Spen
cer, Miss Tall, Mrs. Weisner., .-
Off for the Orient.
C. W. Ashford, S. Bates, Mrs. Bates. CM.
r.lalr, T. Boardmnn. C. A. Bruns. A. W. S.
Cochrane, J. A. Colborn, Mrs. E. Cummlngs
nnd chlld,*F. B. Fanning, Mrs. A. Fisher. Dr.
M. E. Grossman, A. R.". Gurrey, H. A. James,
C. Kaiser, Mrs. S. Kubey. E. Manuel Lander,
Baby Lillian, C. I. Loeb. Mi»s A. Lucas, F. A.
Monroe. W. P. Noble, Miss I. Noble, Miss M.
Noble. Mre. Powers, Miss Powers, Mrs. G.^W".
Rumble. R. Scott. H. H. Scovel, H. T. Shaw.
E. S. Slemons, Mrs. T. C. Smith. J. Tlerney.
Miss Washington. A. J. Watson, Mrs. Watson,
C M. L. -Watson. John Whitaker. F. Wyman.
The Oceanic Steamship. Company's liner
Alameda sailed yesterday for Honolulu. She
left the Oceanic dock promptly at 2 o'clock
end carried about fifty passengers and a full
cargo. Among her passengers .were: . <'vj.
Sails for Honolulu.
K. A. Blgelow, Mrs. E. A. Biffeiow, Leon
Brock, Mrs. F. A. Dale, H. Edblnd, , H J.
Grant, A. P. Groesbeck, Mrs. A. "F. Groes
beck. Major R. W. Johnson, U. 8. A.; E.
Koenlg, ( t. Larue, Kenneth Mason. IJ. Okar.akl,
H. M. Perry, A. R, Stuart, Mrs. A. R. Stu
nrt. Mr*. W. M. Swatne, W. Ulrlch, Mrs. K.
Voltmer, Baron von Keudell, S. Yaroanouchl.
The Gaelic left Hongkong February
28; Shanghai, March 4; Nagasaki, March
6; Kobe, March 8; Yokohama, .March 11,
and Honolulu, March 22.
She brought passengers as follows:
engers. • Among. the latter -was
Baron von Keudell, a globe-trotting Ger
man 'nobleman, who has ' been studying
social conditions in the Orient.. B. Oka
saki, a Japanese civil engineer, was also
on board. He comes to this country to
study some of. Amerlca's'.blg engineering
enterprises. ¦
The Gaelic encountered head winds
throughout the passage and owing to her
light condition was badly tumbled about
In a series of heavy gales. Sh« spoke
the America Maru on March 25 in latitude
28.23 north, longitude 145.46 west. The
British ship L.ydgate ' from • Tocopilla to
this port was spoken on March 26 ln latl
tudo 32.14 north, longitude ¦ 133.19 west,
and on, March 28 ln latitude 36.07 north,
longitude 127.49 west, the British ship
Ardnamurchan was sighted.
THE Occidental, and Oriental
steamship Gaelic arrived yester
day from the Orient with a' light
cargo and twenty-one cabin pass-
TO SAIL.
FROM SEATTLE.
Time Ball.
Branch nydrorraphlo Office, U. B. N.,; Mer-
fHE SAN FRANGISCO CALL,, SUNDAY^ MAEGH 30, 1902.
STEAMSHIP GAELIC ARRIVES IN PORT FROM THE ORIENT
AND THE LINERS PEKING, AUSTRALIA AND ALAMEDA SAIL
26
Steamer. ( ' From. Duo.
Aberdeen. ¦ . ¦ Pan Pedro Mar. JJC
Hyades Honolulu A Kahulul.... Mar. 8U
City Sydney.. Panama & Way Ports.. Mar. 30
Arcata Coot Bay & Port Orford. Mar. 30
Lakme Portland & Aitorla. . . . Mar. ."10
Mtndalsy.... Coqullle Hlver Mar. .'in
Newburr.... drays Harbor Mar. 8(1
State of Cal.. Ban HIcko & Way l'oru Mar. :tti
North Fork., iiumboldt Mar. 81
Curacao Mexican Ports Mar. SO
Pleiades Brattle Mar. 30
l'ho-nlx Mendocino City Mar. 3(1
Columbia.... Portland A Actorla .... Mar. 81
Htcrra Sydney tc Wty Ports. . Mar. ill
Pomona; Iiumboldt Mar. .'!1
Crescent City Crescent City Mar. 31
Asuncion Tacoma Apr. l
Umpire Coon Day Apr. 1
Victoria Oyster Harbor ........Apr. I
Coos Day.... Ban Pedro & Way Ports. Apr. 1
FanMateo... Nanalmo ,.Apr. 1
M. Dollar. ... San Pedro Apr. I
Artec Tacoma .-... Apr. £
Umatllla Puitet Sound Ports Apr. 2
TCurrka. ..... Iiumboldt Apr. £
Hpokane Ban Diego & Way Ports Apr. S
HermcntliU.. Seattle Apr. ?i
Point Arena. . Point Arena Apr. .1
Colombia. . . . Valparaiso & Way Ports Apr. 4
Hong. Maru. China and Japan Apr. r
O. W. Elder. . Portland & Astoria.... Apr. 6
Bonlta. Newport £c Way Ports.. Apr. f
Chehalls Grays Harbor Apr. <
Santa Ana... Seattle & Tacoma Apr. «i
CltyPuebla.. Pujjet Sound Ports Apr. 7
Acapulco.... Panama & Way Ports. Apr. 7
Krrin.
Duo.
Steamer. I Destination. I Sails. I Pier.
Steamer. I
Destination.
March 3O.
Czarina.... Seattle & Tacoma.. 10 am Pier 8
Eureka..... Humboldt 9 am Pier VI
Spokane... San Diego & Way. 8 am Pier 11 <
. March 31.
Coronado.. Grays Harbor S pm Pier 2
Bonlta Newport & Way Pts 9 am Pier 111
•r April 1.
S. Monica. Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
Phoenix.... Mendoclno City ... 3 pm Pier 13
Aberdeen.. Astoria & Portland. 5 pm Pier 2
Arcata .Coos Bay & Pt Orfd 12 * mlPler 13
Queen Puget Sound Ports. 11 amIPIer 0
Meteor Seattla &. Tacoma. 0 pm Pier 27:
G. Llndauer Grays Harbor Pier — '
April 3. .
Empire.... Coos Bay 12 in Pier 13
Mandalay.. Coqullle River pier 2
Pomona.... Humboldt •' 1:30 p Pl«sr ¦.)
State Cal.. San Diego & Way.. 9 am Pier. 11
Argo '. Femdale & Eel Klv. 4 pm Pier " 2
North Fork. Humboldt : . . . . 9 am Pier 2
April 3. ¦ •, .
Lakme..... Attorla & Portland. 0 am Pier '-2
Newburg... Grays Harbor'..'.';. 5 pm Pier ' 2
Columbia..'. Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 24
J.S.Klmball Seattle & Tacoma.. 10 am Pier 2
April 4. .
Coos Bay. . San Pedro & Way. 9 am Pier 11
' ¦-¦v • April 5. '
Pt. Arena. . Point Arena ...... 2 pm Pier 2
Eureka.... Honolulu v. Seattle. ...... Pier
Hyades.... Honolulu & Kahulul Pier —
April O. ¦¦¦¦¦¦! ¦ ¦ . -;;
Ursatllla... Pugct Sound Ports. 9 am Pier 11
_• April 7. : 1
Alliance. . . Portland & Way Pte ...:.'. Pier
Curacao... Mexican Ports ..... 10 am Pier 11
' April 8. . I
O. Elder... Astoria & Portland 11 amfPier 24
Gaelic China. & Japan ....I 1 pm!PUS3
City Sydne> Panama & Way Pts)12 mlPMSS
Hermonthls Hamburs . & Way..| JPler
Colombia.. Valparaiso & Way. 112 m)Pier 10
Chehalls... Grays Harbor .....( 5 pm|Pler 2
Steamer.
For.
Sails.
Dolphin
Cottage City.
Cltr TopeUa. v
Hutnboldt. . . .
Farallon.....
City Seattle..
Al-Kl
Bkarway & Way Porti.JMar. r,0
Bkagway & Way Port*. Mar. 31
Ekaxway & Way Ports. Apr. ' 2
Skagway & Way Ports. Apr. 4
Skagway & Wny Ports. Apr. C
Skarway & Way . Ports. Apr. fi
BUagway *-Way Ports. Apr. 8
Bun rises
Bun sets
Moon rises
d Time ' Time Time
p Ft. Ft.
« H W L. W II W
3o~ 3^01 Ts ioiii To olii
31 8:50 4.3 11:00 1.1 6:35
1 4:40 4.2 12:03 1.1 7:28
L W H W L W
2 0:2S .1.2 B:5f! 4.2 12:52
S 1:20 2.9 7:06 4.3 1:40
4 2:09 2.5 8:13 4.4 2:30
5 2:55 2.0 0:10 -4.7 S:14
5:58
.6:30
0:00 a. m.
~~' Time
Ft. Ft.
L. W
3.0 10:04 3.0
4.0 11:17 3.1
4.1
H W
1.1 8:10 4.3
,1.1 8:48 4.7
1.1 0:20 4.9
1.2 0:52| B.I
Bun rises
Bun sets
Moon rises
d Time ' Time Time
p Ft. Ft.
« H W L. W II W
3o~ 3^01 Ts ioiii To olii
31 8:50 4.3 11:00 1.1 6:35
1 4:40 4.2 12:03 1.1 7:28
L W H W L W
2 0:2S .1.2 B:5f! 4.2 12:52
S 1:20 2.9 7:06 4.3 1:40
4 2:09 2.5 8:13 4.4 2:30
5 2:55 2.0 0:10 -4.7 S:14
5:58
.6:30
0:00 a. m.
~~' Time
Ft. Ft.
L. W
3.0 10:04 3.0
4.0 11:17 3.1
4.1
H W
1.1 8:10 4.3
,1.1 8:48 4.7
1.1 0:20 4.9
1.2 0:52| B.I
Steamer. ( ' From. Duo.
Aberdeen. ¦ . ¦ Pan Pedro Mar. JJC
Hyades Honolulu A Kahulul.... Mar. 8U
City Sydney.. Panama & Way Ports.. Mar. 30
Arcata Coot Bay & Port Orford. Mar. 30
Lakme Portland & Aitorla. . . . Mar. ."10
Mtndalsy.... Coqullle Hlver Mar. .'in
Newburr.... drays Harbor Mar. 8(1
State of Cal.. Ban HIcko & Way l'oru Mar. :tti
North Fork., iiumboldt Mar. 81
Curacao Mexican Ports Mar. SO
Pleiades Brattle Mar. 30
l'ho-nlx Mendocino City Mar. 3(1
Columbia.... Portland A Actorla .... Mar. 81
Htcrra Sydney tc Wty Ports. . Mar. ill
Pomona; Iiumboldt Mar. .'!1
Crescent City Crescent City Mar. 31
Asuncion Tacoma Apr. l
Umpire Coon Day Apr. 1
Victoria Oyster Harbor ........Apr. I
Coos Day.... Ban Pedro & Way Ports. Apr. 1
FanMateo... Nanalmo ,.Apr. 1
M. Dollar. ... San Pedro Apr. I
Artec Tacoma .-... Apr. £
Umatllla Puitet Sound Ports Apr. 2
TCurrka. ..... Iiumboldt Apr. £
Hpokane Ban Diego & Way Ports Apr. S
HermcntliU.. Seattle Apr. ?i
Point Arena. . Point Arena Apr. .1
Colombia. . . . Valparaiso & Way Ports Apr. 4
Hong. Maru. China and Japan Apr. r
O. W. Elder. . Portland & Astoria.... Apr. 6
Bonlta. Newport £c Way Ports.. Apr. f
Chehalls Grays Harbor Apr. <
Santa Ana... Seattle & Tacoma Apr. «i
CltyPuebla.. Pujjet Sound Ports Apr. 7
Acapulco.... Panama & Way Ports. Apr. 7
Krrin.
Duo.
Steamer. I Destination. I Sails. I Pier.
Steamer. I
Destination.
March 3O.
Czarina.... Seattle & Tacoma.. 10 am Pier 8
Eureka..... Humboldt 9 am Pier VI
Spokane... San Diego & Way. 8 am Pier 11 <
. March 31.
Coronado.. Grays Harbor S pm Pier 2
Bonlta Newport & Way Pts 9 am Pier 111
•r April 1.
S. Monica. Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
Phoenix.... Mendoclno City ... 3 pm Pier 13
Aberdeen.. Astoria & Portland. 5 pm Pier 2
Arcata .Coos Bay & Pt Orfd 12 * mlPler 13
Queen Puget Sound Ports. 11 amIPIer 0
Meteor Seattla &. Tacoma. 0 pm Pier 27:
G. Llndauer Grays Harbor Pier — '
April 3. .
Empire.... Coos Bay 12 in Pier 13
Mandalay.. Coqullle River pier 2
Pomona.... Humboldt •' 1:30 p Pl«sr ¦.)
State Cal.. San Diego & Way.. 9 am Pier. 11
Argo '. Femdale & Eel Klv. 4 pm Pier " 2
North Fork. Humboldt : . . . . 9 am Pier 2
April 3. ¦ •, .
Lakme..... Attorla & Portland. 0 am Pier '-2
Newburg... Grays Harbor'..'.';. 5 pm Pier ' 2
Columbia..'. Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 24
J.S.Klmball Seattle & Tacoma.. 10 am Pier 2
April 4. .
Coos Bay. . San Pedro & Way. 9 am Pier 11
' ¦-¦v • April 5. '
Pt. Arena. . Point Arena ...... 2 pm Pier 2
Eureka.... Honolulu v. Seattle. ...... Pier
Hyades.... Honolulu & Kahulul Pier —
April O. ¦¦¦¦¦¦! ¦ ¦ . -;;
Ursatllla... Pugct Sound Ports. 9 am Pier 11
_• April 7. : 1
Alliance. . . Portland & Way Pte ...:.'. Pier
Curacao... Mexican Ports ..... 10 am Pier 11
' April 8. . I
O. Elder... Astoria & Portland 11 amfPier 24
Gaelic China. & Japan ....I 1 pm!PUS3
City Sydne> Panama & Way Pts)12 mlPMSS
Hermonthls Hamburs . & Way..| JPler
Colombia.. Valparaiso & Way. 112 m)Pier 10
Chehalls... Grays Harbor .....( 5 pm|Pler 2
Steamer.
For.
Sails.
Dolphin
Cottage City.
Cltr TopeUa. v
Hutnboldt. . . .
Farallon.....
City Seattle..
Al-Kl
Bkarway & Way Porti.JMar. r,0
Bkagway & Way Port*. Mar. 31
Ekaxway & Way Ports. Apr. ' 2
Skagway & Way Ports. Apr. 4
Skagway & Wny Ports. Apr. C
Skarway & Way . Ports. Apr. fi
BUagway *-Way Ports. Apr. 8
Hypnotists of India. Africa. Russia. Germany. England, the United
States and Other Countries Unite to Divulge Secrets
of Hypnotism and Personal Magnetism
Authorize the Free Distribution of a Book That Contains the
Result of Their Investigations.
Startling Methods of Mind Control. Long-Lost Secrets . of a Wonderful
Science Olven by Renowned Scientists for the
First Tlmo to tho Public.
Tho Weird Methods of the Masters of tho Old World, and tho Practical
Tests of Eminent Hypnotists of the New. Are Found Side
by Side in This Exhaustive Treatise.
Ono Edition Will be Distributed Absolutely Free tn the United States. A
Noted Educational, Institution Appointed to Direct
tho Free Distribution.
The veil of mystery has been lifted^Jrom hypnotism at last. Eminent
scientists from every country in the civilized world have recentry combined
and published a book that explains the marvelous power for infinite good
that may be exerted through thl3 wonderful science. Past masters in hyp-
notism from the ends of the earth have contributed their secret pfc-cesses ¦
to this remarkable volume and are lending their aid- to its free distribution.
. The book explains secret methods in Personal Magnetism and hypnotism
never before made public. It tells how to use the power ln every-day life, ln
business, politics, society, love; ln the cure of diseases and bad habits, and
the relief of suffering; In the training of actors, authors, singers and orators; :
to Inspire love and affection and restore lost confidence. It reveals and ex-
plafns infallible methods of influencing people in the waking state without
their knowledge; of swaying the minds of audiences and becoming a power
among men.
It exposes secret methods used in the accumulation of wealth, it tells how
the Morgans and the Rockefellers of the world have used these powers tor
their own ends and hava jealously guarded the secret of their success.
It establishes the fact that Personal Magnetism Is a potent Influence that
all possess, and explains the laws by which it may be developed. It tells in
language that a child can understand how to master Personal Magnetism
3 and swav the minds of men.
Read what eminent doctors, lawyers, teachers and diplomats who nave
the book say:' -~ •¦}'
Dr. Juan Antiga, Mexico City, Mexico, says: It Is a valuable work for
those who would become initiated into these mysteries. * •¦¦.;• Y "¦?.';
Dr. Dezso Nagy, Budapest, Hungary, says: Through this work I was
able to heal in a short time about 1000 individuals of different classes. I
have saved time, study and money through it.
Paul P. Shekerjian. PortRestante, Caucasus, Russia, says: It is dlffl-
. cult to find words to express my. sincere and heartfelt thanks for the knowl-
edge I obtained from thi3 work. I am astonished at my own success In in-
fluencing people in the waking state. /
Reginald H. Smith, No. 81 Thompson Rd., Langley, England, says: This
knowledge is a fortune to any one just starting in life. I would not be with-
out it for one thousand pounds.
Shanker Behari, Pishln, Baluchistan, India, says: You will be glad to~
learn that through the knowledge obtained from the book I received a lift
in my service which I continue to enjoy.
J. D. Page. Bathurst, Australia, \vrites: I have found the knowledge
great value in business* It has given me greater power than I have ever
had before.
Manuel A. Braw, Santiago de las Vegas, Cuba, says: Hypnotism Is a '
: great science. Its greatness and usefulness are limitless. It Is destined to
take the place of drugs as an anesthetic in dental and practical surgery-
Thousands of such letters from prominent men in the United States who
owe 'their success to this wonderful book will be sent to all who send for ths>
book.
The title of. the book Is "The Philosophy of Personal Influence," and the
New York Institute of Science, Rochester, N. Y., has been selected by rep-
resentative hypnotists of these countries to distribute an edition of it ab-
solutely free in the United States. It will cost you nothing If you write to-
day; if you delay you will not be'able to secure a copy at any price. Tho
book is now ready for distribution. If you want a copy address
NEW YORK INSTITUTE OF SCIENCE. Dept. E7L,. Rochester. N. Y.
OCEAN TBAVEIi.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
i«^ Steamers leave Broadway
tteasy-'. ¦ ¦ Wharf, Ban Francisco:
1^5^5ft». For Ketchlkan, Juneau.
f^wSliik Skanway. etc., Alaska — 11
i t. if \»f^)trtZ'l R - m -- ilarch "J", April I.
I R8A*/» i '3 Vb3 Change to company's »team-
f5sMCi^S*n1 e™ at Seattle.
rV^KSK^ '( ror Victoria. Vancouver.
I'ort Townsend. Seattle. Ta-
""•14 coma, Everett,'- New What-
com— 11" a.' mZ' March 27. April 1. Change at
Seattle to this company's steamers for Alaska
and G. N. Ry.: at Seattle or Tacoma to N. P.
Ry.: at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Kureka* (Humboldt Bay) — 1:30 p. m..
March 28. April 2.
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa
Barbara, Port Los" Angeles and Redondo
(Los Angeles)— Spokane, Sundays, 0 a. m. ;
State of California, Wednesdays, » a. m. *
For Los Anjreles, calling: at Santa Crui.
Monterey. San Simeon. Cayucos, Port Harford
(San Luis Obtspo). Santa Barbara, Ventura.
Hu«neme. Host Kan Pedro. San Pedro and
•Newport CUonlta only).
Bonlta, 0 a. m., March 31. April 8.
Coos Bay, 9 a. m.. March 2>. April 4.
- For Ensenada, Magdalen* Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Masatlnn, Altata, La Paz, Santa Rosa-
lift and Quaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m., ?th o( each
month.
For further information obtain folder.
Itlght Is reserved to changa steamers or
sailing dates.
TICKET OVPTCE— * New Montgomery
strt«t (Palace Hotel).
OOOOALL. PERKINS & CO.. Oen. Agents.
• ¦ 10 Market St.. Ban Franeiico.
LAST EXCURSION TRIP!
SPECIAL RATES
TO PORTS IN MEXICO.
A DELIGHTFUL VOYAGE,
Only |C0, Including meals and berth, for th«
round trip, on board the Paclflo Coast Steam-
ship Co.'s steamer CURACAO, leaving SAN
FRANCISCO APRIL 7th, due back April 27th.
calling at ENSENADA. MAODALENA BAY.
SAN JOSB DEL CABO. MAZATLAX. AL-
TATA. LA PAZ. SANTA ROSALIA and
GUAYMAS. Mexico.
For $20 additional excursionists can return
from Guayma* by rail. For further partlcu.
lsrs Inquire at TICKET OFFICE. 4 New
Montgomery street (P&lace Hotel), or 10 Mar-
ket street, San Franclnco. -
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
¦ -FOR
LEAVE - SEATTLE. 1
SENATOR .......... JUNE 1
valkncia ...:;:..::june 7
And fortnightly thereafter during the season
Steamships CITY OF PUEBLA and QUEEN
leaving San Francisco May 20 and May 81 re-
spectively. ¦¦ connect with above steamers *The
new and elegant steamships Senator and Va-
lencia made regular trlpa to Nome last year
lar.dins all.passensers and freight without loss'
mishap or delay. For passenger rates and
Nome folder, apply Ticket Office. 4 New Mont
gomery street (Palace Hotel)
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Genl Arents
10 Market st.. San Francisco. '
O. R& TV- CO;
ONLY STEAMSHIP LINE TO -
PORTLAND, OK,
And Short RallLine From Portland to All
Points East. Through Tickets to All
Points, all Rail -or Steamship alid Rail at
Steamer /Tickets' Include Berth and Meals
SS. COLUMBIA Sails .. . . ADrll 3 1" *V
SS. GEO. W. .ELDER Sails..: ....... .'....''
'• Mar. 2tt. April " H," 18 28
Steamer sails from foot of Spear st 11 a ' m
D. W. HITCHCOCK. Gen. Agt/l Mong'yS. f!
COMPAGN'IE GZNEIUL? TSAN&tTLANTIQtTS
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE- PARIS jJ!I*'
Sailing every Thursday, (instead or <23?B>&
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from pier 42. wQt&sLgS
North River, foot of Morton street.
First class to Havre. $T0 and upward." Second
class to Havre. $15 and upward. GENERat
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAV
ADA, 32 Broadway '(Hudson building) M^w
York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coa^
Agents. 5 Montcomery avenue, San Francisco
Tickets sold by all Railroad . Ticket Agenul
ATHLJ5JTet.X<DATV XjXXVS
NEW YORK— SOUTHAMPTON— LONDOV"
Rt. Louis. Apr. 0,10 amiSt. Paul. .Apr 2310 am
Phlladel .Apr.18.10 am'st. Louis. A nr 30 10 am
HDD SI" A3*. IjI3V351
, NEW YORK— ANTWERP— PARIS
SSlffiSS?it?. r - i4°:.? o pmi Vad<rIa r d - Ai - «r»—
INTERNATIONAL- NAVIGATION CO
Chas. D. Taylor. G. A. P. c. 30 Montgomery.
You have the most' conviiicing evidence of tins i -\ Jf f(f^^ ,^ ili)h J/s^
fact every day..* Otherwise beautiful faces marred with
black heads, blotches and pimjjlcs, muddy or sallow com- (TJ/ 11-\^SB'^
plcxions, and red, "rough or oily skins are some of the : , :, — ~~ < *~'^ '
. most common' and conspicuous, symptoms of bad blood.
You can hide these ugly and humiliating blemishes by glazing them over with face
•powders and rouge, and the rpiigh and discolored skin is made white and smooth by a lavish
use of cosmetics, . but these artificial complexions and false skins only last for a day, when,
the eruptions and spots stand out as bare a'nd brazen as ever; "The natural ..beauty and
smoothness of the skin cannot be permanently restored by the use of external applications,
for the reason that these skin diseases arc due to some poison or humor in the blood that,
must be antidoted and eliminated before the skin can or will return to a healthy state.
Under the purifying and tonic effects of S. S. S.
all impurities are expelled from the blood, the "^^ BEAUTY RESTORED.
general health IS ' invigorated, and all disfiguring ' Whoa my daushtor was threo moatha old Eczema
n-nA n-n-nn-tTitirr ortinrimi e I '«rAw'«f 1 ,', n ~,A broko put on her hoad and coatlnued to sprottd tiatil
and annoying eruptions, promptly^ and perma- hor hoad wa3 entirely covered, sho was treated ty
nently disappear, from the skm, and it becomes as ¦ several grood doctors, but crow ¦worse, and the droad-
soft and Sinootll as ever ' ful disoago spread' to, her face. She was taken to two
SOU anasmoom as.ever. , , ,- • celebrated health springs, but roceivod no benefit.
" Bad blood tells ln'mariy Other. Ways." Itch-' Many patent medicines^were taken, but without roeult,
mo- and burnintr erii-ntions rn«;1iec:" onA <znr^ h™]* t^til wo decided to try 3. S. S., and "by tho timo the
mg ana Durning rasnes.ana sores, boils flrot bottle was finished, her head began to heal, a
and Carbuncles SnOW the presence of Some irrita- dozen bottlso cured her completely and left her okin
ting poison or nnhealtHy matterintlie blood/and' S2tf££^^%t£r%J?«25 l 'Si
these aggravating troubles Will Continue Until the dreadful diuease hao over returned.
weak and slow . circulation has' been quickened " ZQ14l Pin0 street , 3t . Lotll8> Mo . H * T - S^ OBE -
and the deteriorated blood made rich and strong ?£&££
again. Some are born with, bad 1 bl^od, and itbegins to tell in infancy; scrofulous affections/
sore eyes, scalp diseases, nasal catarrh, stunted groVthi brittle bones and soft, flabby muscles
are t seme of the early manifestations of bad: blood ; (by -inheritance. . These symptoms,- if
neglected, may develop into 'Some deep-seated aW
the timdy^ -use^of S/.S. 1 S. : will check the disease in iits.incipiency, remove all taint from the
circulation, and the;little sufferers grow into healthy manhood and 'womanhood.
• _„ _«™^. When thei blood is healthy and 'pure it tells a.
j^Zsss^jl /^3 different story,' a; smoo'th and flawless skin glowing with
g. . B. J health, a sound body and active -brain, well nourished
system, good appetite and digestion,, and restful and
i^^^ fi &J^^ B 6&?^ 1 re fr. eS ki. n g sleep. S.;S. S., combining both purifying and
Iw* 05^^ a * )^^" W^ IUKg r^ tonic-properties,- co'ntaihs all that you need in the way of
S'blood builder and skin beautifier.
:• '"¦-' .; S. S. S. is Nature's Remedy. It contains no Arsenic,"
Potash, or other mineral, but is strictly a vegetable blood purifier and tonic that .can be
, taken without fear.of any hurtful: effects, and with perfect assurance of a speedy and lasting
cure. Our illustrated book on the Skin and its Diseases contains much plain and practical
information aHout'eruptive diseases, their .cause and cure, how to take care of the skin,
etc., that will be of inestimable value to all. sufferers. We will* mail; you a copy, free.r
Write us about your case and our physicians will gladly furnish any information or
advice desired without charge. THE:SWIFT:SPECIFIC;COMPANY: ATLANTA/ GA.
OCEAJf TRAVEL. ,
Wfc. NOME
\^^^^ SA.LINCS.
)Ay'"^P^ aag^^ THE FIRST OLAS3
\\\ S.S PORTLAND
U\' will sail ron
NOME direct I
leaving Ban Francisco April t9th
Leaving Seattle April 20th
(Stopping at Unalaska only Ions enough to coal.)
For Freight ana Passage Apply to
NORTHERN COMMERCIAL CO.,
013. Market, st., San Francisco.
Or EMPIUE TRANSPORTATION CO., Pujet
• Sound Agent. Beattlo. Wash. ¦
TOYO KISEN KAISIIA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COH-
ncr First and Uronnan streets, at 1 p ro
for YOKOHAMA and 1IOXUKONG, calUn« at
Kobe (liloKO). Nasasakl and MhanKhai and con-
nectinic at Hongkong with steamors for India,
etc. No carEo received on board on day of
salllns.
SS. HONQKONO MARU
Tuesday. April 13th, 1903
SS. NIPPON MATIV Friday, May Oth. 1JXTJ
US. AMERICA . MARU
Wednesday, June 4th. 1003
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply nt company's office,
421 Market street, corner First.
W. II. AVERT. General Agent.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And Cia Sud Americana d3 Vaporas
To Valparaiso, stopping; at Mexican. Central
ht.1 South American ports. Salllns from How.
ard 3, rter 10, 12 m.
COLOMBIA ..April S|GUATnMALA..Apr. —
TUCAPEL ...Aprtl MIPALEN'A M»V —
These steamers are built expressly fnr Con*
trat and South American passenger service. (No
change at Acapulco or Panama). Freight and
paMenper office. .116 California street.
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO.. Gen. Agents.
SS. SIERRA, for Honolulu, Samoa, Auck-
land and Sydney. .Thurs.. April 10, 10 a. m.
SS. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu ; .
. .. ..;,. Saturday. April 10, 2 p. m.
S3. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti... v
Sunday. May 4. 10 a. m.
I. D. SPBECXELS k BROS. CO., Genial Alts., 329 laiftt
Ben'lFass. Offla. 643 Market St., Plsr Ho. 7. Pacifls St.
PANAMA B, i m S
TO KEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
Cabin. $105; Steerage. $10; Meals Free.
S. S. Leelanaw Sails Friday. Mar. 28
S. S. Argyll Sails Friday. May 2
From Howard-street "Wharf. Pier 10. at 2 p. m.
Freight and Passenger Office. 330 Market st.
F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
l^UlfliZi* Steel SteamsMp
ROANOKE
Sails from Seattle about June lat
San Francisco passengers and freight trans-
ferred free to Seattle.
- Apply UNION TICKET OFFICE, Agents.
- • tSCO Market St.. S. F.
m^-~ m _ —— — .— _ 1
BAY AND BIVER STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamers GEN. FRISBIE or ¦ HORTXGELLO
9:45 a. m.. S:15 and 8:SO p. is.; except Sun-
day. Sunday, 0:45 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leaves
Vallejo 7 a. nv, 12:30 noon. 6 p. m.. rtcepc
Sunday. Sunday, 7 a. n., 1:15 p. m. Fare SO
cents. * Telephone Main - l.'OS. Landing and
office, pier 2. Mission-street dock. HATCH
BROS.
WEEKLf CALL
— —
16 Pq^cs* ¦ $1 pep YcflP'
ADVEBTESKlVnTrTTS.
¦¦ O. C. JOSLEN, M. D. pPBWi
f.j Tho Lradlr.r Specialist. §8
I MORE MEN I
I MIGHT BE WELL.
yj Th.fi> em scorn and fcunlrtdi of af- 3
if fllcted men who believe, their casei In- *
3 curable bea&use treatment of th« pmct i
| ha* resulted In failure, and who 1
y through this belief nr* beins d.-prlvi d *J
rB of the full *nd complote health that rj
Rf mleht be their*. ¦ 1 Ao not claim that M
II there are no Incurable cases, but that M
M many cases absolutoly . Incurable by H
B rueh treatment as lias been riven them n
j j will yield promptly to correct and IN
n scientific methods. X offer free con- Bj
3 stiltction, and will accept for treat- uJ
j meat no ca«e unless I am confident of ffl
| my ability to effect a complete cure. H
p No Snidery for Stridare. 1
tl My treatment for stricture is en- pi
vA tlrely independent of eursery. A B|
PI roinplote cure is accomplished with. Ffl
|7 out cut Ung or dilating. All growths B
fcj and obstructions in the urinary E§
I? passage arc dlRgplved. the mem- m
¦3 branes cleansed, and all Irritation k?J
D or coneestion removed. - M
I "Weakness." |
P In treating so-called "weakness," I fcj
I employ no tonics or stimulants. P
« "Weakness" - in all Its phases and ln Ejj
S practicojly every case that comes to HI
H xae for treatment, is merely a eymp- fa
1 1 torn re-salting from a state of chronic fej
f Inflammation existing In the prostate p
1 1 srland. Tills inflammation may be a Bj
I lingering result of some contracted M
|l disease, or ma}' have been brought on p
H by early dissipation, excesses, etc. In H
? by far the greater number of cases the IS
n| general health of the patient Is per- rd
H> Oct. there being r.o lack of either HI
S physical or nervous energy. No stlmu- ia
ftp lanls or tonics are needed, and if em- £3
| ployed would only result in Kj
m positive injury to the tender and al- B
{£ ready disordered. prostate. My H
fo treatment is a local one entirely. It H
BJ removes all Inflammation, swelling g
R and tenderness from the prostate 63
ft gland, establishes normal circulation U
IJ throughout the parts and restores per- tj
j xr.anently and -completely all natural f
J functions. By this method alone is E
i U possible to bring complete restora- t
B tion of strength and vigor. g
P No S«rgery for Yaricocele. |
k I cure varicocele ln one week. E3
I": I do no cutting whatever, nor do I EH
PJ employ Ccaturc or caustic I have (4j
H replaced these harsh methods by a K
O mild and gentle treatment that ac- Rj
j 5 compllshes the work thoroughly. Hi
f3 without pain, and without detain- 19
I? ins the patient from business. h
I Contracted Disorders. 3
H To but partially cure a contracted U
ly diiwase is almost as dangerous as to Sj
Ki allow it to go untreated. Unless every &
S particle of infection and inflammation >j
|i is removed, the probability exists. that a
H the disrare will gradually work its way \\
E Into the general oystem. Still greater m j
5 In the danger of the prostate gland be- |S .
RH coming chronically Inflamed, which el- Si "
» ways brings partial or complete loss of B
in power. Perhaps £5 per cent of Q
g« the cases of eo-called "weak- Ei
K ncrr" are a direct result of h
m some improperly treated contracted Ij
M disease. During the past five years I It
H have tr» .ttcd over ¦ 6S00 cases of con- Gj
B traded disorders, and have effected an L
C absolutely thorough and safe cure tn \S
B «-«rh instance. There have been no re- M
i lapses or undesirable developments Eg
3 whatever, and my patients have been B
K cured in less time than other and let's f*
» thorough forms of treatment require in n|
9 producing even doubtful results, p
II No Surgery for Piles. I
f* Tnough I bave seldom made men- S
t] tlon of this distressing ailment ln H
¦I my announcements, now cases come nj
I 1 to me every day for treatment as a hi
r 2 result of recommendations from H
U those I hava cured. I positively 1-1
pt cur* all catet of piles by usa. of N
H poothlnr and healing remedies. I tl
can guarantee a complete cure in M
• every instance. • pt
Mr pamphlet, "Live All Tour Tears I
a Man." will be mailed free upon ap- I
plication. It Is a brief treatise on I
men's tflteaeei. tl
CONSULTATION FIIEH. H
DR. 0. C. JOSLEN I
u 1049 Market Street, I
vj Diagonally Opposite Jllbernla Bank. Bj
Missouri Pacific Limited
• The Finest Service to the
East via Scenic Route and
Missouri Pacific Railway.
Through Sleepers Daily.
San Francisco to St. Louis.
Personally conducted excursions via this
route to Chicago. Kew York, Boston and all
Eastern points. For berth reservation and full
information address '
Ij. II. FT.ETCHKR.
Paclflo Coast Agent.
X2C California - st.. San Francisco. Cal.
4 visit DR. JORDAN'S great A
OF AHflTOHY*
\ '¦ »Qf The Ljtrrnt Asttomical Mutecm in the \
6 in jjti"_ Worid. WeaknetMi or any cantneted A
Z. vSfSpft *'"« r*«ltl»^l7r«r«<l by the olden T
6 fSJa j ipeciliw o» tS>e Ccul Hit. 3* year*. Q
4 vT&Zh 0R * «*3RDAN-DISEASES OF KEN A
1 vQ5i?&H Coiwulution free »nd rtrictly rrlrste. \
m I f£~}L n Tr«iiment pertonllljr or hy l-tler. A Q
\ S r u W Ktiln * Cvrt m c»ery catt undrrt»kcn. V
&FU WO Wrlte for Book - PBILOS UPBT «f A
V * H \[W BiltnlACE, MAILED l-T.EE. UT
X jj fL valuable book for ni'n) \
9 on. JOBDAS A CO.. 1051 Mnrkct Kt.. 5?. P. Q
WONG .WOO,
: .Cj CHINESE TEA AND KERB
VC 1( SANITARIUM.
•.JggSfc- 764-66 Clay St., S. F., Cal.
< & \ LL DISEASES t.URED
*£'AFtiW£K* , /A. ezduslvelr by Chinese
herbs, ever 3000 varieties belns used. Hour*
¦:80 to 21 a. m,. 1 to 8 and 7 to 8 p. in.
II Pi Els
Purely veeeuble, mild and reliable. Causes
perfect dlcestlon. complete absorption and
healthful reruUrlty.
For the cure of all disorders of the Stomach.
LJver. Bowels Kidneys, Ulmdrtcr. Female Ir-
rerularlties. Sick Headache. Biliousness, Con.
etlpatlon. Piles and all derangements of the
Internal Viscera. S5o a box. At Drurcitts/ or
k- tt«il. UADWAY 1 CO., Kew Tork.STEAMSHIP GAELIC ARRIVES IN PORT.
Continued From Page Twenty-Six.
Saturday. ' March 29.
Stmr Australia, Lawless. Tahiti: J D Spreck
els & Broa Co. , '
Stmr Alameda. Herrlman. Honolulu; J,D
Epreckels & Bros Co.
Stmr City of Peking,. Robinson. Honolulu.
Yokohama and Honzkoag; Pacific Mail Steam
enlp Co.
CLEARED.
Stmr Sequoia, Winkel, ¦ 78 hours from San
Pedro.
Stmr Newbunc, Peterson. «4 hours from
Grays Harbor.
Stmr John B Kiir.ball. Thwing. 76 hours
from Seattle.
Br etmr Gaelic, Finch. 29 days I2U hours
from Honrkong. via Yokohama IS days 15
hours. \la Honolulu 7 day* 4H hours.
8chr Zamsa, Peteraon. 78 hours from Sac
Pedro, In tow Btmr Sequoia.
SAILED.
Saturday, March 20.
Etmr Humboldt, Nichols. Seattle
Stmr Australia. Lawless Tahiti
Stmr Goo W Elder. Randall. Astoria.
Stmr Noyo, Johnson. Fort Bragg
Stmr City of Peking, Robinson. Honolulu,
Yokohama and Hongkong.
Stmr Arctic. Reiner. Usal.
Stmr Alameda. Herrlman. Honolulu
Stmr Point Arena. Hanaen. Mendoclno.
Schr Mabel Gray. Larsen. Eureka.
Stmr Sequoia. Winkel. Grays Harbor.
Whaling stmr Narwhal. Leavltt. whaling.
Stmr Spokane, Glelow, San Diego; Goodall.
Perkins- & Co.
Btmr Bonlta, Nopaader. San Pedro: Goodall.
Perkins & Co. • ¦¦ _•
Stmr Enterprise, Miller, HIlo; J D Spreckels
& Bros Co.
Schr Helene. Christiansen. Honolulu: J D
Spreckels & Bros Co.
Schr Uranus, Ericksen. codflshlng; Edward
Pond.
A steam schooner for Swayne. Hoyt & Co.
of this , city was launched yesterday morning
at Everett. Wash. The new coaster will have
accommodations for forty passengers and will
carry 400,000 feet of lumber.
Steam Schooner Launched.
Bulldog Guards Suicide's Body.
SACRAMENTO, March 29.— Arthur Cro
well, 17 years old, committed suicide " this
morning by swallowing a dose of carbolic
acid.' Tho young man had been despon
dent because of being out of work. When
he was found a bulldog was standing
guard over his body. The dog had licked
the young man's lips in an apparent effort
to relieve v his sufferings and was itself
suffering., from the influence of the drug.
Sailed March IB — Bktn Coronado, for • San
Francisco.- March -20 — Bark; Olynotc. for San
Francisco ; Br . stmr , Coptic, • for Yokohama/- "'• '¦
. -To : sail March 21— Schr James H Bruce, for
Port Townsend ; bark R P Rlthet. for San
HONOLULU— Arrived March 19— Br stmr
Coptic, hence March 13. March 20 — Bktn Irm
eard, hence March 0. March 21— Schr Alice
Cooke, from Port Gamble: Br stmr Gaelic,
from .Yokohama. •-" - • • ¦ -
ISLAND PORTS.
Arrived Mrch stmr Fulton, from San . Fran
cisco.- , . - * , : ¦ • ' . • .¦
¦ TACOMA-^Arrlved March 29 — Barse : Rich
ard III, from Victoria. .
Sailed March 29 — Schr Expansion, for Ta^
coma; echra Espada and Maweema, for Grays
Harbor: stmr Coos Bay, for Newport - /
SEATTLE— Sailed March 29— Stmr Excei
elor, for Valdez. -. ¦ . .. .-:
SAN PEDRO — Arrived March 29— Stmr
South Portland, from Portland; stmr Coos Bay
hence March 27. . V
POINT REYES— Passed March 29.- 3 p m—
Br stmr Wyefield. from Comox. for Port Los
Anseles. ¦ '* - - - • ¦ ... . ¦ r
Siiifii
«hlp painted black! Bho*ini £ R w'-ff* 0 *?'"'
from Astoria, for Unlt ( e d L Ki l n^i^ namurchan -
TELEGRAPHIC.
DOMESTIC PORTS
b e s^ si "s ass; Hi
R.« aI t?i' M * r f 11 2 £r Schr Thayer for
ft^gV^fpSS. 8?ffift£sjK
NEAH BAY — Passed out- Alareii 9a at
Golden Shore, from Tacoma. for Sydne^ba?k
Harvester fi-onv Seattle, for Kenal; Br' £ tm r
Victoria, from Oynter Harbor. for-SanVm™
Ou^ a t Ger b "t k Sc . hIffbek - from Ta^£ la £
: firs^FrknSo 5 " 11 MateO ' frOm
ASTORIA— Railed March 29— Stmr Columbia
for San Francisco: Fr bark Bossuet forCW
Twn: flr utmr Oceano, for ; Br shto Qut^
w^y ab f e o?' Q B u r ee b n^n MUelgh ind Br
t,o^, R ?,t B y R fo?°^ a FranS h SH» ™'
SPOKEN
"Faber & Co.; grocers "of 119 -^Taylor
atreet,'jhave opened, another,. store, corner
McAllister ar]d; FiUmore streets,' and had
a hqusewarmtrig' yesterday.' Refreshments
were served to f all who this, hew
store;." : vLuxurie»;-«nd. dainties* were dis
played'with perfect taste and in' great
variety, all open, for inspection -and tast
ing. Many'-gallans "ofVice cream, were
servpd during the. day and evening, with
fancy .biscuit- novel ties.. Every child re
ceivedt'sweets arid cakes enough to cause
them :,to forget "their, usual evening re
past;'^Thousands, of tiny sacks of flour
and' handsome picture designs were also
¦given as souvenirs; There is an extensive
coffee and tea department, next to which
is. shelved a complete stock of star ' i gro
ceries, olive oils,- sardines, canned meats,
vegetables and every conceivable article
of food, both Imported and domestic. On
the other side will be seen fancy decan
ters of cordials, bottled liquors and wines.
To the extreme front is a massive oak
glass cigar counter filled with popular
brands. The window displays are novel
and skillfully * arranged. Late in the
evening, the employes of Faber & Co.
were given a banquet at a fashionable
downtown .restaurant. .Mr. Herman
Faber, who occupied the, head of the
table, -gave an interesting sketch of his
experience in the 'grocery business; In
part, he said he attributed his advance
ment and success to his good wife and
interest taken by his associates. As the
small hours were growing the merry
folks sang some songs and closed the
eVent in good spirits. '•-.,'
Souveiiir Opening and Banquet v to
y?_ ; "%; ;V , iJsnploye's." .' ' V
Rear. Admiral .F. J. Merry, retired ac
cording to the age limitation of the serv
ice, has received orders to remain here on
active duty while the Pearl Harbor naval
station matters -are pending. Merry has
looked after" the • business so far, ; and it
is thought that he will remain until the
land* condemnation suits af e all ' settled
and the work of establishing the station is
well under way. . • ,
The political activity of some of the
heads of departments of the Territorial
Government has attracted the attention
of Governor Dole, and he has intimated
his desire that his appointees In the Gov
ernment service terminate their connec
tions with political organizations. Several
of them are members of central and dis
trict committees, and some are reputed to
have strong ¦ home rufe, anti-Dole views.
Some' resignations" from committees are
expected in view of the ¦ Governor's atti
tude. ,
No Politics in Office.
The schooner Frank W. Howe put in
here on the 19th with two men on board
suffering with scurvy. She was bound for
Port Townsend from Port Louis and had
been out 110 days. She called here to put
ashore ; the two sick men.
The Marcus Island Guano Company has
been formed here for the purpose of mov
ing and marketing the guano deposits on
Marcus Island, which is about 3800 miles
west of Hawaii. The principal promoter
of the company is Captain A. A. Rosehill.
Assistant Harbor., Master of Honolulu,
who took possession of the island many
years ago in the name of the United
States and has at last -succeeded in get
ting the Government to give him a title
to the island..-
P. S, Adams, referred to In a recent dis
patch as the absconding cashier of the
Commercial Bank- of Fulton, .Mo., left
Honolulu on the steamer Coptic two days
ago for the Far East. Adams read the
dispatch from his former home, stating
that he had been located in Hawaii, and
he took the steamer the same day. The
alleged embezzler is said to have taken
$10,000 of the bank's money and lived in
Honolulu under an assumed name. He
\v'as recognized the day he landed by a
former acquaintance. He stated to ac
quaintances here that he Intended to go
to China. .
Cashier Departs Suddenly.
Circuit Judges Humphreys and Gear are
booked as passengers on - the steamship
Sierra, duo .to leave next, we*ek for San
Francisco, and it has been currently re
ported that they intend to go to Wash
ington to-present the. Circuit Court side
of,; the. recent controversy., with the Su
preme Court. .. Both of - them, however,
deny; that they are' going. on the steamer,
and the -booking of their rian»es is said
to hare.been a practical joke. Humphreys
says that there is . no controversy to be
presented; at Washington.- . •.
; On the other hand, the Dole men have
been wondering, what move the Hum
phrsys-Gear faction has up its sleeve, be
sides ' haying ' sent jj Judge Little along In
advance of the Governor, primed with no
body; knows 'what sort: of a bombshell.
HONOLULU, March 22.— As the time
approaches for the departure of (Governor
Dote on the steamer Sierra for Washing
ton interest increases among the different
political factions s ln' the Territory. The
anti-Dole men are wondering who will
accompany the Governor. .This has been
settled by the announcement that Dole is
going alone, and that not even the Attor
ney General, his. nephew, E. P. Dole, will
visit the capital. : ...'¦¦
Special Correspondence of The Call.
. NEW YORK — Arrived March" • 20— Stmr • St
Paul, from Southampton and' Cherbourg:; ' stmr
"Umbria, from Liverpool and Queenstown.
Sailed March 20— 8tmr Molke, for Hamburg,
via Plymouth and Cherbourg; stmr Campania,
for Liverpool; * stmr Kaiserln Maria Theresa,
for Naples and Oenoa; stmr. Ryndani, for Rot
terdam. ! via Boulogne; otmr Furnes3la. for
Olasjrow. . • ¦ ¦
.-HAVRE — Arrived March 20 — SUnr La Qa»
cogne. from New York.
Sailed March 20 — Stmr L'Aqultaine, for New
York. 1
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived March 29— Stmr
Belgenlcnd. . from ' Philadelphia, for Liverpool
LIVERPOOL— Arrived March 29— Stmr Nu
mldtan. via St John and Halifax.
Sailed March 28 — Stmr Lucania, for New
Yorfc. ¦ - • " :"'¦..¦.• -• .;.
HAMBURG — Arrived March 20— Stmr Pre
toria, from New York, via Plymouth and Cher
bourg. • • ,
ANTWERP— Sailed March 20— Stmr Vafier
land, for New York.
BREMEN — Sailed ¦ March • 20— rStmr Frleder
ich der Grosne, for New York.
• CHERBOURG — Sailed March 29 — Stmr St
Louis, from Southampton, for New York.' '
YOKOHAMA— Arrived prior to March '29—
Stmr Peru, from San Francisco.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
DUNKIRK— In oort March 14— Danish ship
Copley, for Port Los Angeles, via Antwerp.
, ENSEN ADA— Sailed 2 :85 ¦ p m — Stmr Cura
cao, for San Francisco.
• LADYSMITH— Sailed . March _ 28— Br • stmr
Victoria, for San Francisco.
SYDNEY— Sailed Feb 17— Br bark Cardigan
Castle, for Eureka.
NEWCASTLE, Aus— To sail March 2»— Schr
Louis, for San Francisco. ' ......
Sailed March 20— Ship Servla, for Honolulu.
• SHIELDS— Sailed. March 27 — Ger ship Erato,
for Santa Rosalia. •¦ .- -'-. - ¦-¦-. •
LIVERPOOL — Sailed . March 27— Br . ship
Trafalgar, for San Francisco.' ¦ ¦ ' -
' 8T VINCENT— Arrived March 29^-Br stmr 1
Falls of -Kiltie, from Seattle... • •'. .$'<*
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived March 2S— ShlD .'A'
G Ropes, .-hence,. Dec 6:'Br ship Eu'dora. .from
Taccnia, v and: proceeded- to Hamburg; tter'shlp
Henriette, 'hence Dec' 15. and sailed for Ham
burg.. March 12— Fr bark Brlzeux, hence De
cember 12. .»¦ • ;
ISLE OF WIGHT— Passed March 28— Ft
bark Col Vlllebola Mareuil, hence Nov 4, for
Grimsby: - ¦' \i :":¦¦>¦ - •• '¦¦?¦¦
¦VICTORIA— Sailed Marph 20— Br atmr Kai
sow, for Seattle. . . •• /•• :. <
i ' Arrived March 29— Stmr Queen ' City, from"
Alaska: Reports flndlns hardwood 'panels, ¦ be* I
lieved to be from H B M J stnrfr,- CJpndor,' at
Uclulet
LEITH — In port March 15— Fr bark Cam
bronr.e, for , Qrcron; Fr bark La Bruyere, for
SUEZ— Arrived March 2S— Brstmr Oopack,
from Seattle, for London..'.' .' ; •
FOREIGN PORTS.
- KASTERN PORT. : .
NEW YORK— Arrived March 2S — Bark St
James, from Seattle. -. ¦
Kan Ah Gow, who was convicted by a
jury in Judge Dunne's court on the charge
of simple assault, was • sentenced to pay
a fine of $180, with the alternative of Serv
ing ninety days in the County Jail. He
struck Mah Yung with a hatchet on
Stockton street near Jackson. -
+ .H..H..I..I..M .1 I M-K-H-.H.. H ,. I .. H .»
Francisco. March 22— Br schr Laurel, for
Fanning Island; bktn W H Dlmond. for San
Francisco. . . . ¦ .•.•.-•,
KAHULUI— Arrived March IS— Stmr Eu
reka, from Honolulu. .
KAANAPAL1— Arrived March 13— Bark Dia
mond Plead, from Seattle.
ELEELE— Arrived March 10— Schr ' Rosa
mond, from Honolulu. . . •
Seven prisoners were sentenced ¦. by
Judges Cook and Dunne yesterday, two
getting twenty years each.' for robbery
and oneV eighteen years for burglary. ; •'
Edward. Eidmlnster, the Mission shoe
maker, who pleaded guilty to seven
charges of burglary, was sentenced by
Judge Cook yesterday^ to serve '. eighteen
jrears "all .' together In San Quentin State
prison.' Attorney McCloskey made a pow
erful plea for leniency for the sake of the
prisoners -wife, who was in court silently
weeping.. If a prior conviction against
him; had not been withdrawn,' the lowest
cumulative sentence the Judge could have
given him was seventy-seven years. *. \
I Orin Bean, who pleaded guilty- to three
charges of. .burglary, was sentenced by
Judge Cook to rive years on the -larceny
charge and nva years on the three bur«
glary ; charges. He stole $240 from Mrs. 1
Lizzie J. Burson of the .Wilmot..728.Sut
ter street, and broke into rooms in private,
hotels at 1001. Sutter street, 711 Jones
street and on Sutter street. . ¦ '••-,, j
Robert L. Gaily and • James Roberts
were each sentenced to twenty years for
robbery by Judge Dunne, the former to
San Quentin and the latter to Folsom
penitentiary. They came here- from Okla
homa,; and on the night of November 2
held up Robert K. Clothier on Jessie
street, near New Montgomery, taking $2
from him.- There is another charge of
attempt to rob against them, committed
on the same night, and by instructions
of the Judge it was placed on the! reserve
calendar. - . ¦
Thomas Conwell, a bay pirate, was sen
tenced to serve seven years in San Quen
tin by Judge Dunne for burglary.. He and
two others stole a large quantity of white
lead from W. P. Puller & Co. and 1 drove
in a wagon with it to the Fourteen Mile
House to load it into a sloop, when the
police pounced upon them and arrested
Conwell and John Reede, who was sen
tenced the previous Saturday to nine
years. ¦ ¦ . • . •¦ — •
Mary Holman, a colored woman, who
pleaded guilty to grand larceny, was sen
tenced by Judge Dunne to five years in
San Quentin. She and Antone Yellick,
who was convicted of robbery and' has
not yet been sentenced, robbed John
Strom in an alley at the rear of the Cafq
Royal on the night of November 14.
Edward Edminster, the Mis
• sion Burglar, Must Serve '
; Eighteen YearsT .¦;/:••'']
Washington Stirs
Interest
Governor's Proposed Visit to
Sentences Are Passed
Upon Robert Gaily and ;
James Roberta • ; —
Political Controversy: in
f Hawaii NearingEx
r plosioD.
BOOMBSHELL MAY
UPSET FACTIONS
FOOTPADS GET
TWENTY YEARS
FRA^felSCO^-
27
"— -p=^— ? • Strictly Reliable
fUrX Dr. Talcott & Co.,
jj^l&lM' Practice Confined to
yf^^^s^ Contracted and Functional
t fWX; Disorders; < Men:
THERE IS NO SUCH CONDITION A3 WEAKNESS IJT A MAN UNDER FIFTY
years of age. other than teneral debll Ity. Prematureness, loss of viUlity etc are
but symptoms of some damage to the reproductive system, caused by a contracted dis-
order or too often repeated and too long- continued excitement. In looking for the lo-
cation of this damage we generally find an enlarged, swollen and- Inflamed prostate
eland As this eland Is the very center, of the reproductive system It 'can readily be un-
derstood that inflammation of It must cause disordered function. These cases are- prompt-;
ly beneated by proper treatment; otherwise the patient goes from bad to worse The es
- s,en*tal point in all of them is the necessity of the cure of the focus of the trouble. In the
prostate. Mf.cy men have unsuccessfully treated for a weakness which never existed In
oar trperience there is no drug In the pharmacopeia, taken Into, the stomach that" will
even benefit this class of cases. Our plan of treatment Is entirely a local one and prompt
results are obtained.;^* indicated by Increased circulation and return of natural vigor
m^r" ? apPllcaUon - Is interesting to any one wishing* to
« '• ; o — ; — •""• • '"• ' - " n
SPECIAL ATTENTION GITCN TO p NTIRE FLOOR OF 22 ROOMS AR-
*-* Varicocele. Contagious Blond Diseases *- ranged for prompt and Drtrate treat-
and Acute and Chronic L'rethral and rnent. Our latest addition — Rotary Irrlgra-
Prostatic Innamroatlons. Consultation. ticn— has reduced time for- curing acute
free and no W whatever for treat- ' E^S?.*
meat of s^jy case In which cure is not in five days by Rapid Vibration. No cut-
effected, ting or detention from business.
G '• O ; ¦ — — — — : — '-^— — O
F. L. Ta'cott, M. D ,'cr Dr. Talcitt 4 Co , 997 Market StreeVCor. Sixth.
[The Bad Boy's Bowel Blessing
Nature punishes every excess, not only of the bad boy, but of ourselves as
well. Over-eating, over-drinking, under-sleeping result, in bowel troubles liable
¦ •••¦^^v / ;¦' to become serious.
• . "h\y children will take Cascarets sooner than any other
Afip' • modicine."— Mrs. Frank Mnmert, Princeton. 111.
JSr s~ " V " 1 .» n i nffw.nslns: C«sc»rets in my family and they ara
¦Hr ,aS r"' '¦ ¦; '• wonderful among children." -¦•¦ i . -. .'• . /
Mfdf^ >5fjBP~»l v ¦ v • ' . '¦/', , ' —Leo D. Thompson, Portsmouth, Va.
Bag , Mm\ ¦ "Onr little- girl was troubled with constipation for OTer
/ KS& /JSft %/!/ \ hV two y ?*V- c ?" c » rets <%ured he r- They are also the besl
VSmlmff/^ • m^y? l*^ remedy for colds we erer used."
EsMwf V^9l'*«in —Mr. and Mrs. Ralph Dutord. Clayton, N. T.
fWMw «». /'i ' \vl^ Ilil "' ve nsed Cascarets and hare fonnd them a most
I :, fiLjKa N.V/^*_J_, f/MBk III eX M elle SL ******! J?' both myself and my children." .
ffVigji "^^^P^VS^CT^X "m W h ~ M "- & rid Ket SlcCrosson. 8C3 Bead St., Philadelphia, Pa.
' 1L>3 . J S ' J' . "OascaretB are the'easlest medicine to* glre ito children
-i,- "* • \-.f . I «rer came across." - • . •• •-, ,• ¦¦ . . "
' ' '¦¦f ¦ ft»'*V \JJ '" — Mrs. B. F. BelUy, 4581 CaWn St.. Pittsbnrg, Pa.
(ULarf M \*~^Z±\. i. W^ "Cascarets are wonderfnlhrgood for children."
I * ' Nl ' : -Mrs. Wm. Roan, Catamount. N. T.
W*ME«i3*0W // Vae^ t!^° haT0 ns f d Ca9Ca ' - et'> tor threo years for the
V / IJfi children as well as ourselves. They do just what
.^BBKXr^ZZm lllZr . "¦ •. ..^*^ .they are rooommended to do." •
"' ''jJigfflBpHBBT^" •"'"' Mr' ,'-*^" ; «^' ' ~ Mr "' p ' M - Kol ll«jr, *16 Dock St., StsubenTille, O.
...-"My two boj-s think Cascoreta are csady. I never
;^T S -?_ 3T r L. .- : I , aaTe to insist on their taking them. I sleep with
S l ¦¦ . 1 K° o h9} Cascarets nnder my pillow. No home
- -" Ik'/ ¦ •J^ti^m*. ' I should be without them." - ••.>•-
Iff/ ' I " '¦'"¦¦¦:.:'¦' -Mrs. G. A. Prcscott, Chicago. 111.
•A 'I '' ¦ iVV^J^^^ VV "Ca»earet» nre the most pleasant remedy I haro
tlUaJ v SflJ ,i I A / r S rer ed> v.T? 0 only troubIe I have with them is to
• .. ¦-¦, -^mil . -M'i\ I \ \fci-'.->\/ '¦'.-' ke«,P 'he children from taking too many." ,
""^fcSll # /( I R 7/ ¦ ~alr»i Jennie ¥. Mitchell; •
•' ¦ ¦' ' 'mi.^/ 1^" B. v .' W12 Locust Street, Plttsburg, Pa.
Jmia^O^ J 9 Ouh,' "t have never used any remedy that has been as
".'. ' -v^"-' il f Kood as Cascarets. Have to keep them hidden from
.¦llll«"i iik // • my little boy, as ho ents them like candy." <
• ¦.'':'£ :*"."•'- '!/.!Vi^. : ; v . " . • , . — Mrs.Kobt. U. Fay, Hoes, Ohio.
\ Every good, healthy, hearty boy is sometimes a bad boy— bad to himself; and
will do things in^the green apple,- mince pie or other over-eating line that will
twist his bowels. > Men are only. boy9 grown, tall. In such a case, what is needed
is not a violent physic : that will rack the : tender^bowel tissues, but 1 Cascarets
Candy Cathartic, gentle but sure to act \ at once and . put i things right. ' ': They ;
are the most perfectjtnedicine in the world for all forma of indigestion, dyspepsia
and constipation. " .
ViTh\a*rtft"oVrV" ' 5f 8t for the Bowel »- All druggists, toe, 25c, 50c. , Never sold j» bulk.
%%v<rVWvlt^^Vc# The genuine tablet stamped C C C. Guaranteed to cure or your money
¦ back. " Sample and K ooklet free. ' Address , l , ,,
'¦III 1 1 iiUIH Sterling Remedy Company, Chicaeo or New York. 511
- . T*Tin*'TiTf iftiTTifcx illii iMsillllH liH» 1 ¦ I ¦ I 1 ¦ _. ¦ -..
XO THE PUBLIC.
have been .wonder-
#££££#$& ful 'y L"red of flta aad of
hip trouble by tiv? fa-
%Ji»J if noui h«rb doctor. Won*
tecf Hira. of 115-117 Mason
¦ 17 1 » it.. S. F. I w»s nearly
5£'»S^ J dead when I came to
K&rSlmf him and the fits I bad
.*!S***'*"1-Ac- were dreadful, but I am
JgBgT'TT*'^ J*?^. enjoying perfect health
«*%^*nLrtw*&\^** now. I can tell any on»
W^f£&pKW)* ot the won.lerrul cure*
"¦waSSSw&u-** be has made for me.
I cam* from MeridlaD, Sutter County. Cal.. to
Or. Wong Him and h* fcaa cured me of all my
ailments. MHS. CHAS. K. DOTT,
I Meridian. Sutter County. C*l.
January 21. 1302. , r
SAX FRANCISCO. Oct. C. WOO.— To whom -
!t may concern:. This Is to certify that DR.
WONO HIM of 115-117 Mason st.. San Fran-
cisco, has cured aa ' of kidney trouble and
rheumatism, and I , am happy to make this
statement, as I And the Doctor strictly honest
in 'every sense of the word, and an honorable
man In all h!» dealings. DJt.'-C A. OAT.
Dentist. 902 Second ave., Seattle. Wash.
December 15. 10CO. — This Is to csrtlfy that t
was goffering for fifteen years from Bright's
disease of the kidneys and a tumor on my left
*lde. I tried a number of doctors and various
remedies without affording me any relief. Thai
alx months ago I applied to Dr.' Wong Him of
113-117 Mason Ft.. San Francisco, and now
after six months of his treatment I am entirely
cured and in perfect health. I write this in m/
appreciation of Dr. Wong Him.' and that other
iiitTerers may be relieved, and I will be glad to
c«rtlfy to this In person to any on* that may
call upon me at my residence.
MRS. JOHN AJLIJVN3OX.
Orchard ave.. Elmburst, Alameda County. f*t.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AD VERTISEMjENTS. . <^?j;* -:V : ' ' " r :. : ¦
dWl A Word to Ladies Who Doubt
the Satisfaction of a Ready-
l*k ~i$& fi\. l\/\ #n f\ c%. « * 3 4- ¦ •
(irw¥ In the firSt plaCC a read y- made suit DOES FIT— that is, if it
\\ W H is made by a manufacturer of experience. The trouble with suits
\- has been that the y w^e made by inexperienced makers. In some
|\ cases it is necessary to make alterations—these when made make
y4 s 'V a SUlt that f ° r fit and Style and makin & an <l material cannot be
W*V^ J$t^v duplicated by a dressmaker for less than twice the price-
A? . M^W"' \^v you pay for a read y- ma de gown.
7 \~-JJj • \\V^V^ In the second P lac e, a ready-made suit costs Half as
i V^^J mUCh aS °" e made t0 Order ' arid in the' third place you
XM W* J^- can teli how lt Joo^s and feels before you buy it This
s J^->' isn't the case when you order a suit made from a piece
of cloth and a picture. These are points to consider. '
It's better to have two good ready-made suits than one made to order, isn't it? provid-
ing the ready-made suits fit and wear and keep their shape, and we guarantee that.
Ready-Made Suits. ! 8ilk Sale To=Morpow;
Our Leader in Tailor-Made Suits- Black Silks-
This suit is of all-wool cheviot, in the new Eton Ef- Black moire dress silks on special sale to-morrow-
fects. with the long dip front and short back-a suit this is the most popular silk on the market to dav '
that is becoming to any figure and a suit that fits par- for dresses, waists and trimmings— a special line 21
ticularly well— revcrs faced with peau de soie. also fin- inches wide, to be sold this week at Sl.OO YirH
ished with same material at bottom of jacket— and on ' . •¦,..... p .xar« ,
bottom of sleeves— skirt made with full serpentine Colored Silks—
flounce, headed with strap of peau de soie. This is Moire velours, in all the very latest shades— full 21 -
a suit that cannot be duplicated by a dressmaker for inches wide, exceptionally good ¦ quality— on % special
less than $.1500,- and it fits better than most suits made sale. this week : SliOO Yard
by dressmakers $17.50 m . _ -- cs-il, .
The Gibson Suit-MlustratetJ Above. The ks If, tori ,7 \ a f . ,
r\t il t • i »_ . t . • , • , , . - 1 nc "¦• £>• oc r. stores are noted ¦ for two thinsrs— •
Of all-wool ctamines— elaborately trimmed in black t h e i r famous Columbia KiH G\nv^ *nA iu^u r 5 ?
or blue— the waist is made with the Gibson style and rQ mchcs w | de ' on sale.... .....; 65c Yard"
they are guaranteed to fit perfectly — if you want to pay 2I inches wide, on sale. 75c Yard
$65.00 for a suit you can probably get this duplicated 22 inches wide, on sale ........85c Yard
by a dressmaker— we will guarantee to ftfve you as
good a fit as a made-to-order suit, and the price is Wash Taffeta Silks —
only §35.00 Each In handsome stripes and in the very newest weaves —
There is no harm in investigating the merits of the a sHk^that 's not shown in any other store in San
above suit even if you have always had your gowns Francisco — beautiful colorings, exclusive designs, 21
made to order. " " inches wide — an excellent wearing silk, just the thing
Summer Walking Skirts- for summcr waists ...... ooc Yard
Made of basket cloth, with the new graduated flounce Black Peau de Soie Silk —
-nicely stitched and trimmed with strapped seams- An extra quality of this popular fabric-black peau de
V Lr l" W h! S i! rt m gra li Or t°rT!° rd> i-" h * e soie wiH be worn this year more than ever-here Is
stripe effects— blue, brown or black— these skirts fit a chance to make a saving—
beautifully and are well worth $7.50 — just the thing to Trt -^ u • , . . __ ¦_
wear with a shirt waist— on sale all week *5.O© Each I0 inches Wldc ' s P eciaI •• 70c Yar d
New Peau de Soie Silk Waists- 2I inches wldc ' special \ - 4 ? 100 Yard
In cream, black, light blue, pink, old rose, cardinal, Ribbons —
t^ a ?n d f urc l uo i se - fi "i shed with clusters of small We are ready now with our new summer • ribbons-
tucks forming yoke, with rows of cat-stitch trim- this is to be one of the greatest ribbon seasons in
mmg between tucks and box pleat-fancy stock collar, history fashion dom-to introduce our line we have
new flare cuffs, sleeves tucked-very stylish, and a waist taken a .^-inch fancy stripe ribbon, worth *>c, and'
that fits particularly well-if made to order would cut the price for to-morrow's sale to.... . .20c Yard
cost you $15.00 — our once $0.00 Each
Cibson Peau de Soie Waists- Ladies' Linen Handkerchief s-
All the rage in New York, tucked all over in clusters, * >ure l men - hand-embroidered, initialed handkerchiefs
with diamond-shaped yoke — hemstitched front and — all unlaundered — the regular 15c grade — on special
back — an entirely novel effect in black only; this is sa * e .:lOc Each
one of the handsomest waists we have eve/ shown at Gentlemen's Linen Handkerchiefs—
$WI0$0^ "° nIa ""» e « d ' !
O.5&-&/.00-*,. 50 and each-on account of a lucky purchase we offer these
Linen Wash Waists— . .at special sale at ;..'.........'........ ....12^c Each
'SgSgjSfi^ L^ n .Handkerchief^:
largest assortment of high grade waists at one kerchief-
price we have . ever shown— all made, to fit perfectly < g^?° special sale aU w - eek • • • • l? c each,.
.¦••:. ...........:: $2.50 Each Ladies' Linen Handkerchiefs - N
Other styles of shirt waists in white or colors from Pure linen hemstitched— the regular " 12^6 'erade—
75c upward— this is the greatest stock of shirt waists over 2000 of these handkerchiefs to be sold this week
we have ever shoxn m San Francisco. at .. " 81-3c F Vi
O— ; ' : ' — O o '" ' ' ' — - :/ " -' '" " ' -' "' •"¦¦- '-,'
Another Clove Sale. New Arrivals. *
Our glove sales recently have been the talk of Among the new arrivals is a big shipment of :
San Francisco — our New York buyers have just novelty silk and elastic belts, ' both plain and
sent us another special purchase, which goes on trimmed with black and steel nailhead ornaments •
.sale to-morrow-2-clasp kid gloves,' in tans, Veds tenhe^^n^/wc! 3 J. raids - ; Particularly ; Bat-
- - 1 , 1 „ «. tenDergs, Uucnesse, : Arabian •-¦; and Point 1ar»»
and browns-a glove that was made to sell at $1.25 braids, is now complete-thenefpaUerns are all
-a glove that fits and wears perfectly-m the very exceedingly novel, and ¦ a tremendous assortmen
latest styles fitted and guaranteed-this is the best now awaits your purchase-just, the thingfor ?he ¦
¦ glove offer that has been made in this c»tv this making of collars, jackets; curtains tidies scarft '
y»r < -•. ..fOcpair and other fancy articles. ' : - . ' ¦ *
I ~^^r : T^ Br : •" •' -r . ¦ ¦ '--"' : k^
thcUnlledStates, /^537vST^^^^ — <^~ wairtLSieti^
••The Columbia" \^/U0-lZlZ-/ZZ4 MMRKETJT^^^^^ cst itock we've
6 toSeeIhCm j MAIL ORDERS FILLED. earrlcd.
I Steady Growth of * 4 The People's I
I Trust." Over One 1 housand 1
1 New Subscriptions at 50 Cents |
I per Share Written During the 1
I E>'i ct Have Par Value of Shares, Sl.OO U
i raM^IA : UdyS. Full Paid and Non-Assessable ||
I More than on 3 thousand new subscriptions to the |
I capital stock of the Merge ntha er-Horton Basket I
I Machine Company at fifty cents a share were made 1!
w There are thousands more contemplating: purchase of these shares. |1
H To these persons and to the public and to the present shareholders the> H
B officers of the company renew their positive declaration that no subscrlp- M
m tions at flftv cents a share will be accepted beyond the limits of the pres- R|
m ent allotment,' and -that this allotment is sufficient only to accomplish cer- H
gj tain steps in the well defined plans of the company's directors. J.
I The price of the next allotment will not now be
I announced, but it will be a substantial increase. !
I (t may take effect at any time, without notice, al-
I though notice will be given if possible.
R Nothing is more certain than that the present movement in the purchase
If of shares in the Mergenthaler-Horton Basket Machine Company will carry
H the price of these shares steadily upward, aa is just and right, and distinctly
m to the benefit of every shareholder.
m The steady growth of Interest In the great business proposition which
H this company presents justifies the Judgment of its officers, who refused
|| the otters of syndicates and opened their, lists for popular co-operation.
I When before has such a strong proposition ever
I been offered to the general public on such fair terms?
M 'The secret of the unprecedented success of the popular subscription plan
kl for these shares is In the Inherent commercial strength of tho fundamental
|1 structure of the company, and In tho universal verdict that the offering :o
H the public was fair and equitable. The notable features of this presentment
|| are:
I No underwriting syndicate.
I No fiscal agents.
i bhare and share alike. ; ; |
| Every share a voting share.
I Every share a common share. |!
No preferred stock, no bonds and no debts.
I First allotment of shares at lowest prices. H
I Subsequent allotments at steadily increasing ||
I prices. |]
® This .presentment is based upon a proposition absolutely controlling an '
H industry of which the present and Immediate $1
I PROFIFS ARE OVER $4,000,000 A YEAR,* |
I an industry the volume of which is increas- n
i ing so rapidly that in seven or eight years q
I IT WILL BE DOUBLED. |
fj ¦ ' . Consider a moment what absolute control of such an Industry means. ij
H It means that the laws/ of supply and demand in that industry are wholly tl
fcj - -within the province of such control, regulating the prices -which rule for the >
J3 product by being the tl
I ONLY SOURCE OF SUPPLY. |
I I PRESENT SELLING PRICE OF SHARES, I I
I FIFTY CENTS A SHARE. |
i PAR VALUE $1.00. FULL PAID AND NON-ASSESSABLE. |
H Subscribers to the stock of the Mergenthaler-Horton Basket Machine ||
M Company may send or bring- their subscriptions to the oflfice of the tl
M company,- 507- Examiner building, San Francisco. Checks, drafts and B
HJ money orders should be drawn to the order of CHARLES R. f r|
H BARLOW, Treasurer.. No subscription accepted for l^ss than 50 il
' B shares. . .; h
|| THAT COUNT. I |J
m The actual yearly demand exceeds CENT OX THE ENTIRE CAPITAL Ji
M Two BUHon Baskets. ,. - ON THE PRESENT VOLUME OB* l\
12 Value at wholesale, Eleven Million BUSINESS. " N
m Dollars. ¦ . The machines may be seen m opera- r I
S3 The net profit on this volume of buai- tion at the Rcbison Basket Company's ij
I J ness last year was $1,387,000. factory, Palnesville, O.. where over H
Es The Baskets were all made by hand, thirty are installed; at Elmlra, N. T I 'I
Es Each Mergenthaler-Horton Company at the machine shops of Emmett Hor* I i
k| machine does the work of twelve men. ton. one of the inventors, and at Sodus Ji
§§ The savin* in labor *y the use of the N. T.. where they are also In operation! M
Bj Mergenthaler-Horton Basket Machines The practical working of the ma- H
Wi ..amounts to more than TWO MILLION chines la now shown in every office of Fi
M DOLLARS ANNUALLY. the Company. rf
|| • This gives earnings for the company The Company will not sell or lease Its si
H of OVER THREE MILLION THREE machines, but will equip and own and *|
II ' ' HUNDRED ' THOUSAND DOLLARS, operate basket factories all over this »'!
|3 OR OVER THIRTY-THREE PER country. || ,
1 % ;; DOUBLING THEIR MONEY. ||
B Follow the steps taken by the Mergenthaler-Horton Basket Machine Com- ¦•
H pany and It will be seen that every step has been In exact accord with its il
Bj announcements. Early shareholders now see their shares double In value H*
H New subscribers will see their shares double In value, and still the limit of ' if.
b3 price for these shares will not be reached, because Just as surely aa tho 8
|J LJnotype machine pays Its shareholders 20 per cent on ten millions of capital *1
I just so surely will the Automatic Basket-Making- Machines, which ||
P| save three times as much labor as the Linotype, earn dividends j
¦ which will make the shares of the Mergenthaler-Horton Basket M&- R
H chine Company sought for at prices which are beyond present com-
i putation. >-,' • *. 1]
1 1 MERGENTHALER-HORTON I I
I BASKET MACHINE CO. J
I CAPITAL $10,000,000. _J ft
B V OFFICERS: TRANSFER AGEUTS : ||
i Pres., - - H. H. WARNER. Ti. e Cftrnflrflfiftn Trnrf Cn II
fl Treas , CHARLES R. BARLOW. IDe tOr P° ra " Ofl IfllSl tO. H
¦ Sec'y, - SIDNEY B. WHITLOCK. 01 New York. H
I Office, 507 EXAMINER BUILDING, SAN FRANCISCO. |
V^m sV vSS^^ha rs ' i5i s^wfc cS
«l ¦F^Bs Mra td r^A.
M B g fel pQji rS IflQ Sk ¥ Ci.H
DR. HALL'S REINYIGORATOR^^^
Stops all losses In 24 hours. Five
hundred reward for any case wa I Cal ¦ BsC
cannot cure. ¦ This secret remedy | e
cures . Emissions. Impctency, H4J JS?S
Varlcocele, Gonorrhoea.' : Gleet.. *N*|
Strictures. Drains,' Lost Man- kJJ iiU
!:co<3 and all "oth«r wasting it- BftjJ
f ««ts of self-abuse or excesses. i\y*frTnir : r
Sent sealed. %2 bottle; 3 bottles. *3: guaranteed
to cure any case. Call or address ordar*
HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE. 835 B.-oacN
*ay. Oakland, Cal. Also for sale at 107J)i
Market st.. S. F.. Send for free book.
NEW" WESTERN* HOTEL,'
KEARNT AND .WASHINGTON STS.— IU2-
. modelca and renovated. . KINO, - W ARU A
CO. European plan. . Rooms. 50c to (1 00 tiay :
jf5 to $b week; $8 to $20 month. Free bath*;
hot and cold water every room: Or* grates la
every room; elevator runs all night.THE LATE PRIEST WHOSE RE
MAINS WILL, BE TAKEN TO IRE
LAND BY A SPECIAL ESCORT.
United States Marshal Shine left for
Scnora yesterday morning to attend the
funeral of his youngest brother, Dennis
Shine, who died there some days ago.
The funeral will take place in Sonora to
day under the auspices of the Odd Fel
lows. •
Death of Dennis Shine.
Adams' Sarsaparilla Pills.
A spring medicine for constipation, impure
blood, pimples, sallow complexion; 10c, 25c. •
George S. McComb made a formal de
mand yesterday on Powel Fredrick to
surrender the office of Justices' Clerk to
which McComb claims to have been le
gally appointed. McComb made his de
mand in the form of a written communi
cation, in which he requests Fredrick to
desist from performing the duties of Jus
tices' Clerk and that he surrender and
deliver to McComb all books and records
of the Justices' Clerk's office.
Fredrick read the document, but In
formed McComb that he would pay no
attention to the demand. McComb with
drew from the scene without stating what
his future intentions are. McComb bases
his action on the fact that his official
bond was approved by Superior Judge
Cook. Mayor Schmitz will veto the reso
lution of the Supervisors confirming Mc-
Comb's appointment and on that score
will not approve the band. Fredrick says
that he will refuse to surrender the office
even should fourteen Supervisors over
ride the Mayor's veto.
McComb filed his bond late yesterday
afternoon In the Recorder's office.
nize His Claims for the Jus
tices' Clerkship.
Fowel Fredrick Refuses to Becog-
McCOMB TVTATrpa FORMAIi
DEMAND FOR THE OFFICE
An Interesting lecture was given under
the i auspices of the Mechanics' Institute
last ¦ night at its hall in 31 Post street.
The .was . Professor 4 John .Fryer,
Talks on Chinese Valley.
George ;W- Dickie; .' manager ; of . the
Union Iron Works, '¦.. spoke " last night at'
the Academy, of Sciences Hall on '.'The
Feud Between the Employer and the Em
ploye.",:'. He said in' brief : - . ."It ( would be
better, for all if the employer and the
employed had morej, faith I in each : other !
The: only.. way 'to get the. best out of the
boys | and men of the industrial , world is
by bringing about j conditions ! satisfactory
to them. .Without justice nothing can be
done, and each. one. must have faith In the
justice of, the other. - \ ¦ • ' ..; = .
Lectures on Labor Troubles.
, The paintings are martial in. subject
and gigantic in their f delineation. One
represents "The Surrender : of Ma.nila,"
the other the First California Regiment
going into action. .'Mr. . Soccl brought
them to this country at a great, expense.
He was ' compelled to pay $8000 duty to
the Government before . he could land
them, on American soil." Mr. Socci also
had a . frame especially made for ' "The
Surrender of Manila." It is a handsome
affair in gold and is fourteen inches wide.
It was made in Milan,' Italy, at a cost of
$1000. Mr. Kennedy, an art dealer of this
city,' informed the owner that ihe could
not duplicate it for less than $5000. The
picture of. the surrender is 13x22 feet. ''"'As
works of , art both paintings are wonder
ful examples,. and as r historical . pictures
they are extremely valuable. The paint
ings are Insured if or $60,000.' •¦•'¦
Residents of this city will; have an op
portunity of seeing the magnificent paint
ings imported from .Manila, by, B. A.
Soccl. These works of ¦ art ; were painted
by Gonzales, a noted Spanish artist, and
they are to be exhibited ¦ a week from to
morrow in the Maple Room of the Pal
ace Hotel. ,
to Be Exhibited in This
.< City. ,
Eocci's Historical Works of Art " Are
James M. Wilkins, who was defeated for
the office of Supervisor at the last elec
tion, made an effort - yesterday to have
himself declared elected a member of the
board. He bases his claim, on the fact
that the recently terminated contest
shows that he has a larger number of
votes than any of the contestants. " His
attorney, T. D. Riordan. .made a motion
before Judge Murasky; yesterday to have
Wilkins entered in the contest as an in
tervenor and declared elected Supervisor.
Riorrtan supported the motion by showing
that the official count of the votes cast
last November gives Wilkins 15,689 votes,
as against- the 15,219 the recount gives
Horace Wilson. The other contestants
each have fewer votes than Wilson.
'•* The question • will be. argued before
Judge Murasky Tuesday. :
.The labor candidates each gained a vote
yesterday by the admission of a ballot
cast In the Thirteenth precinct of th©
Thirty-fifth Assembly District, which was
"objected to on the ground that it shouia
not be counted because the words 'eighty
three* were written across - the face."
Judge Murasky held that the words were
not a distinguishing • mark, and ordered
the ballot counted.
Following is an official statement of the
standing of the eight contestants:
Official Loss in Present
count. recount. Standing
Wilson... 16,517" 1,293 15.21!)
Bent 16.112 1,414 u.SQf}
Eggers 15,053 - 1,500 14,453
Al^rs ............ 15.1>4O ,1.45a .-U4S1
Walsh 15.SSG 1,217 14,663
Coghlan. -.•... •.".¦-..•..18,C8« .1.100 1-4.4ST
Finn ..15,595 1.202 -. 14..-J93
Reagan ...........15,434 -.1,227 ' 14,207
Official Returns Show He
Has More Votes Than
Contestants.
WILKINS CLAIMS
HE WAS ELECTED
LL.D., of the University of California,
and his subject was "The Great Yan*ts*
Valley of China." Professor Fryer, who
is at the head of the Oriental languages
at Berkeley, and who has traveled ex
tensively through China, making yearly
trips to that country to the Interest of
the university, ably set forth th« wonders
of the Yangtsekiangf River. The lectur*
was in two parts. Last night It waV on
the lower half of the valley, and next
Saturday It will be on the upper half
United States Commissioner George E.
Morse presented his report yesterday in
the United States District Court in the
suit of G. W. English et aL vs. steamship
Columbia and the Oregon Railroad and
Navigation Company. He estimates the
darcage done to the cargo of the schooner
Epr.in,ger in the collision with the Colum
bia foiir years ago at $1074 88 and the in
terest at $241 11. making a total of $1315 99.
Steamship Columbia to Pay Damages.
A French trade journal, with justifiable
pride, points out champagne as one of the
few articles Americans have to import,
and refers to the large increased ship
ments of Moet & Chandon White Seal and
Brut Imperial to the United States.
American Competition.
j Fund Is Started.
Some time ago the Gael, a weekly paper
published in New York, started a fund for
the purpose of restoring the Gaelic lan
guage. Several thousand dollars were
raised. The last St. Patrick's day con
vention gave one-quarter of the net pro
ceeds of the two entertainments given
under its auspices to this fund, and some
thing over $300 was raised. Now the
priests of the city propose to increase this
amount, and while it is said that in this
way the amount will be doubled, it Is not
proposed to stop at any figure.
In order to show appreciation of Father
O'Growney's work it is intended to hold
funeral services over his remains in every
principal city from California to New
York. A guard of honor, consisting of at"
least one priest each "from the archdio
ceses of San Francisco, Monterey, Los
Angeles and Sacramento, will uccompany
the body. These priests will be selected
from those who were most intimately ac
quainted and associated with Father
O'Growney in his lifetime.
All the Irish societies of Chicago have
already made preparations for the proper
reception" of the body. A delegation from
each society will meet the escort and the
body at 'the depot and accompany; It to
MAGNIFICENT PAINTINGS V . .
* TO HANG IN MAPLE BOOK
tt tt NITED . efforts on the part of
1 If those connected' with: the" Gaelic
II fl , League have resulted in the rais-
| ing of a fund that will permit
the returning to the land of his
birth of the remains \of • Rev. Eugene
O'Growney, to whose. love, of the litera
ture of his native land is due the Intense
interest manifested at -present in the his-,
tory and the language* ur\ the Gael.
Father O'Growney was practically the
pioneer in the movement to restore the
Gaelic language as the language of Ire
land, and to his earnest and energetic
work is due the interest that is being
taken in the movement..- •
The story of Father O'Growney's labors
in this cause is pathetic. His work ended
when he was taken sick in this city. De
votion to what he considered his life
work, the exactions of constant study,
and too much burning of the midnight oil
weakened his constitution. For a time he
was attached to several parishes in the
city, but* was finally i compelled to aban
don' his charges.
,Los Angeles became his home for a
time. Then ' he was forced to go into the
high altitudes of Arizona, The dread con-,
sumption, which he long fought against,
Anally claimed him for a victim. Now
his remains are to be transported to Ire
land. •
He charges Mrs. Gutmann with secret
ing her husband's wealth for the purpose
of defrauding her creditors. In the affi
davit accompanying his petition. Clary
avers that Mrs. Gutmann. in appraising
the estate, valued it at $260, and deliber
ately concealed all knowledge she had
of $150,000 she received for certain mining
stock, several promissory notes worth
$3000 and certain valuable pieces of real
property.
Matilda Gutmann of L Stockton, widow
of David Gutmann, and administratrix of
his estate, has been cited to appear before
Judge Troutt, April 4, and show the con
dition of the estate of the deceased. The
citation was issued upon the petition of
W. H. Clary, who claims to have a claim
of $30,000 against the property.
"W. H. Clary Accuses Stockton "Widow
of Attempting to Defraud
Creditors.
In 1894 Father O'Growney was compelled
to leave Ireland on account of his falling
health, and after a short sojourn in this
city, where his kindly manners endeared
him to all, he went to Arizona, but the
dread consumption did not yield to treat
ment.
Father O'Growney was born at Bally
fallan, Athlone, County Meath, In 1863.
He died October 18, 1899, at the Sisters'
Hospital, Los ' Angeles, . at the age of 37
years. He was educated in" St. Finan'a
Seminary at Navan. Later he attended
Maynorth College, where he completed
his studies of Irish history and the Irish
language. After being ¦ ordained a priest
he was engaged for some time as a
teacher in the college and at the same
time edited the Gaelic Journal of. Dublin.
.Soon he began the compilation of an
Irish text book on the phonetic plan,
which at once proved a success, and sev
eral large editions were. published. The
book is now used by every teacher of the
Gaelic language in the world.
His Life's Work.
__: . .j.
the largest church in Chicago. A similar
plan will be followed in New York City.
When Ireland is, reached, the demon
stration will be grand but solemn. The
party that leaves this State with the body
will be reinforced along the route by
many delegations from the Gaelic League,
and will probably number several hundred
persons by the time Dublin is reached.
There there will be an immense proces
sion attended by Bishops, priests and lay
men. The interment of Father O'Grow
ney, at the request of his three brothers
and two sisters, will take place In Glas
nevin. ¦ • . . ¦
CHii.KGES MBS. M. GJJTTJLA2TN
WITH. CONCEALING ESTATE
SELECT MAYOR
AS A Mediator
S tre et 'Railway Men Urge
Him to Settle the
Trouble.
Schmitz Summons and Rep
rimands a Private De
tective.
The committee appointed by the Street
Railway Men's Union, headed by Richard
Cornelius, business agent and president of
the union, waited on the Mayor yesterday
to urge his co"-operation in bringing about
amicable relations between the street
railway companies and* their employes.
Cornelius was accompanied by Ed Rosen
berg and Walter Goff, and the committee
was closeted with the Mayor for some
time. . . : '
After the question had been discussed in
all its phases the committee urged the
Mayor to use his best endeavors to induce
the railway companies to * refrain from
discharging men who happen to belong or
who may join the union, which has, been
organized for self-protection. The Mayor
agreea to do all -in his power to bring
about the desired result, and to that ena
will arrange, a- conference with the repre
sentatives of the Eastern syndicate wnicn
has purchased the local systems. ihla
conference, however, will not take place
until the transfer of the properties has
been fully accomplished. Mayor Schmitz
stated that he believed that the new own
ers were inclined to deai fairly .with the
men in> their employ and that the unpopu
lar policy pursued by General Manager
Vining. would be discontinued. .
Reprimanding a Spotter.
When the committee left the' Mayor's
office one of the members . returned and
informed his Honor that a spotter was
loitering in the corridor, with the evident
intention,' of watching the movements of
some member of the committee; The
Mayor became indignant and directed his
secretary, : George- Keane, : to bring the
man before' him. Keane immediately ac
costed the spotter and informed him that
the Mayor wished to see him. The spot
ter was disinclined to comply with the
order, but Keane told him it would be
best for him to do the Mayor's bidding.
The spotter was accordingly ushered into
the presence of the Mayor.
"What is your name and what is your
business?'.', questioned the Mayor.
"Do I have ¦ to answer that question?"
asked the spotter. .
On being informed that he had better
answer the spotter replied:
Employed to Watch Cornelius.
"I am a detective in the employ of
Pinkcrton's Agency, and I have been in
structed to watch the movements of Mr.
Cornelius, the business, agent of the
Street Railway Men's Union. I have been
shadowing him for the past three days.
My name is William Leet."
Leet declined to give his house address
or any further information about himself
other than what he had already told.
"Now, I want to tell you, Mr. Leet,"
said the Mayor sternly, "that I will not
tolerate any surveillance of people who
enter my office. I will see to it that no
man shall be permitted to loiter around
the corridors of the City Hall to watch
any of my visitors. If you are caught at
this again I will certainly have you put
in Jail for vagrancy."
With this ¦ parting injunction Leet re
tired from the Mayor's presence in a
crestfallen manner. The Mayor then di
rected Usher Blum to keep an eye out for
spotters and to report their presence to
him at once.
Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
Druggists, 50c flask. Richard & Co.. 406 Clay.
Expert Must Be Certified.
A. G. Platt, secretary of the .1 State
Board of Accountancy, notified Auditor
Baehr yesterday that should the Board of
Supervisors decide to appoint an expert
bookkeeper the latter must first secure a
certificate from the board. The last Leg
islature passed an act creating the board
and gave it. the power to provide for the
examination of and issuance of certifi
cates to qualified applicants with the
designation of certified public accountant.
Platt says he will furnish a list of names
of persons to whom certificates have been
granted.
Damage Suit on a Label.
The Seattle Brewing and Malting Com
pany began a suit in the United States
Circuit Court yesterday against Fred
Kostering to recover $50,000 damages for
ar. aliened imitation of the labels of the
complainant.
GUARD OF PRIESTS TO AGCOMPANY
BODY OF LATE FATHER O'GROWNEY
Clergy and Laity Attached to Gaelic League Will
Render Unusual Homage to the Deceased, Who
Made So Popular the Study of Irish Language
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAI/L, SUNDAY, MARCH 30, 1902
28
HBEaBKBBBXDBBBHBBBSBBaBBBBBaHBHBBBBBHBBBBBHBHBBBBBDBHBIIflBBBIBBBBBBBB
¦ . ' '¦.'.•¦: - '¦ . ; ¦ . ' n
S - - . • 5
I 1
| Who Tells You That Surgery 1
| ' Is the Only Way by Which S
g Can Be Permanently Cured. v |
gg He may be honest in his opinion, but he may also be mistaken. In this enlightened age it is A SHAME FOR 9
5 ANY CASE OF PILES TO BE CUT. It is wholly unnecessary for a patient to be taken to a hospital, to take ¦
¦ chloroform and lie in a ward for weeks under the influence of opiates. These crude methods will soon be rele- B
a gated to oblivion by a newer and more humane treatment, which cures without endangering life, is less expensive £
5 and it is only in exceptional cases that if interferes with the daily pursuits of the patient while under treatment. ' H
2 Over one thousand persons in this city and State have been cured during the past four years, and they now B
¦ go forth to tell their glad story to their suffering friends. Some believe them and come at once for treatment, j|
2 while others arc full of prejudice, preferring to waste a few more years trying salves and ointments. D
g The method of treatment removes the pile tumors absolutely. It has never failed in a single case, but it. is ¦
E8 no salve proposition. It cannot be sent, for it must be in the hands of a skilled physician, therefore patients must 5
I m come to the office for treatment. • §3
S Real sufferers may have the names of some of those cured, many of whom were cases of thirty 'and; forty ¦
H years' standing. These persons may be consulted about the matter, in a quiet way. Some of the leading business n
n men of this coast are among the number. . H
B '•'.- ¦:.:¦¦' " ¦ • • ' ¦ "• . . : ''...;.¦ B
« No matter what you may have been told, or what your preconceived opinion may be, this thing will bear the ¦ "
IS most thorough probing, and it is worth your while to investigate. If not interested yourself, for humanity's sake . H
{g save this address and give it to some "suffering friend. For further particulars and references address S
12 ¦ ¦ - '•' m
| RESIDENT PHYSICIAN, BOX 2673, 1
B ' ' ¦ ¦ ¦¦"'¦ I- ¦.'i ¦¦¦'¦¦'. 5
I Call Office, 5an Francisco g
SHSaBBKBHEEHBCSBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBflBBBBBBBBflBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBS
• ADVERTISEMENTS.
9 * ' - —— — — — — — — ---i->«-i«-» r\ r\ t*-L>-»-r>-f-i— ru-o%j%/\J*u~ur»j* r^_<\jikj*u*ulV ~i_r~i,n' ¦ pi -ui~i—~O~*~m~UJ~U_ri
Our Importation of FHVE WASH DRESS
GOODS for this season Is now com-
plete. We *sre showing a most elegant
collection of Foreign and Domestic
Goods, all of which will be offered at
POPULAR PRICES
FANCY EMBROIDERED SWISS 30c and 50s Yard
PRINTED FRENCH COTTON GRENADINES- 40c and 50c Yard
JAPANESE CORDED WASH SILKS. • • 50c Yard
IMPORTED SILK AND LINEN GINGHAMS ¦¦ 50c Yard
PLAIN AND FANCY LINEN BATISTE 20c to 50c Yard
MERCERIZED PRINTED PERSIAN LAWNS 50c Yard
SILK AND LISLE FANCY GINGHAMS 75c Yard
FREKCH PRINTED ORGANDIES. 50c Yard
NOVELTY SILK AND LINEN TISSUES- $1.50 and $1.75 Yard
MERCERIZED SCOTCH CHEVIOTS — 50c Yard
SCOTCH PRINTED DIMITIES- • I Oo to 25c Yard
MERCERIZED PRINTED SATEENS- ...... .25c to 50c Yard
STRIPED AND CHECKED EGYPTIAN TISSUES- - - . .25c Yard
SPECIAL.
2 Cases Extra Qualitu PRINTED COTTON
FOULARDS, Yeru handsome designs. k
2GcYard.
Full assortment of NEW PERCALES, GALA-
TEAS, GINGHAMS, CHEVIOTS, CRASHES,
COVERTS, and WHITE AND COLORED OR-
GANDIES AND LAWNS,
MAIL ORDERS promptly and carefully executed and samples
forwarded free to any address.
III. 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
¦' 'V- r \'l\\\'-A"/ S.' ¦ ¦ .-, : ¦ ""
WE OW- "li- OWN BUILDlNr,_«e PAY nq i?t NT .
rS7s ROOM FURiniSHED BY US.
We can give you the very latest and most correct furnishings. Will fur-
nish your house complete, Parlor, Dining-Room, Chambers, Hall, Kitchen,
etc.; all at the smallest possible figures, too. You needn't stay away be-
cause you haven't ready cash, nor borrow any money. Your credit is good
with us — try it. ' ' .
TWO CARIOAD5 OF CflRFETS JUST IN. PRICES WAY DOWN.
Free delivery to Oakland, Alameda and Berkeley.
THE J. NOON AN FURNITURE CO., Imc
1017-1023 Mission Street.* above Sixth, San Francisco. ' -
WE CLOSE AT. 6 P. M. EVERY DAY EXCEPT SATURDAY. -
ADVERTISEMENTS.
F. F. WRIGHT & SON.
fflgg GBEETING.
y*PI To wearers
If you are wearing a "Walk-Over" Shoe
to-day there will not be a single discord-
ant noti In your Easter costume — if
everything else is on the same standard of
excellence and good taste. You wi'I have
that comfort cf sole and peace of mind
th it alonz come from the W.
assurance that you are well , JSft
groomed and properly at- \r7
Too Styles 7 - ffiffi '
Men and Women M^^ :
All at $3.50 < /V'Jk
WALK- / 1| l\ \
OVERjk. 4 f W
SHOE STORE W^
924-926 Market St
Ik s^$MHl
This week wp will place on sale 500 J _^4$rv&B^ l T»!F'\
handsome silk waists at a remarkably /I^fiJTO'fifl^lrW-s^V
low price considering the qu.^p- of the £j3^Sri^^s!*yy^^\.
j:oo<5s. They represent a fortunate pur- /.J\ i^^l^^T^rj/s.^vwwv.
chase made by our buyer when In Now P/ri a vttaCvut
York. They :ire all new models made Ni-iCvQ \
from high grade taffeta and peau de sole /j JOfevVr ' i iw
silk; there are ten distinct' styles to l^TVU^U * JN l/l JL&II
choose from in the following colors: y^ V «>SAuV 7 ami &2&fi
white, black, pink, blue, maize, red, re- V^/i^vvM' Sy^C^^/^yS&y
sedn. grrccn :ir.d old rose: the values are \ A^jS. 1^*? yjr~T&sP&>'
fe DO and $SSO; special price— X£Mf±sl"'^2S'^T
Children's Tailor Made Suits.
To-morrow vre place on special sale? about one hundred little tailor made
suits for misses. All are tailored in the height of fashion and are ready to
put en; the materials are serges and Venetian cloths, lined and tailored
throughout: colors, navy, brown and red; ages, 6 to 14 years; if purchased
in the regular way the prices of the suits would be $9 to J15; our special
prices are —
$5.00 and $7.50.
§ Eiderdown
Dressing Sacques.
The sacques are mostly In small sizes, from
32 to 36 only; colors, red, pink, blue and gray;
if your size is- here It will be well to come
early as there are but 100 of the sacques and,
es the value is ?1 50, they will go quickly at—
Sateen Petticoats.
We have just received another lot of those
black mercerized sateen petticoats that were
in such demand last week, same style, qual-
ity and price— a $120 garment— special at— •
$1.00.
Si. *D. jDav/s & Co
ConSearySt and Grant Jive.
EXPEBT OPTICIAN. -
A WARNING TO THE PUBLIC!
Mr. George Mayerla, the German Expert
Optician, has no connection with the so-called
"Mayerle Co.," which has Just opened next
door to his old-established optical business
NOTICE— When wishing
«y*i* : to Consult TVT"lt, d-Vf>T> 11.;
•kS&^.&F*^.. MAYERL""! look for May-
fiFSUbSftfiiSSS ' erle's Trade-Mark. a
ST&^ MMPf Sf^ CROWTT. on every window
i«S^V#I and INJ5IST upon seeing i
J5RJ7R p-RT^n-<r*T7Tvy\ j
To avoid mistakes, look for I
the full name GKFOHGE tw A vtvijj.T!. and
Mayerle's Trade-Mark, a CROWN, on every
window; also the number .' ,
JO71.
GEORGE HAYEiLE, Optioian, 1071 Utrkit.
FROM REV. FATHER .&UGU3TINE MoCLORT.
It gives me much pleasure to recommend to
the public Mr. George Mayerle of 1071 Market
street, San Francisco, strictly as a skillful and
expert optician. . My sight began to • fail ¦ In
1877, f twenty-flve years ago. and since that
time I 'have been wearing glasses. I consulted
a prominent optician in I Chicago, . Dr. Holmes.
At different' times since that I have had lenses
fitted on in St. Louis, Cleveland, O., and also
tried the Fifth-avenue opticians in Pittsburg,
vho claim to b<» among the best In their line in
the country. I ¦ do not hesitate to say that I
hnve met with better and more satisfactory re-
sults, with- MR. GEORGE M"\veiVT,c!
than with any of the above named, who have
much higher pretensions. Respectfully, •'
. ' FATHER AUOOSTiNE MoOLORY, 6; F. M-
St.- Boniface's Church, 115 Golden Gate
¦ ¦'• ave., San Francisco. .
AD4IRAL G30BQS DEWSY. '
Who used George Mayerle's glasses during the
Spanish-American'war, and Is still using them
with much satisfaction, highly recommends Mr
George, Mayerle, and sends the following testi-
monial: ¦ \ • ' : : ' . . ¦
"Mr. George Mayerle, German Expert Opti-
cian, 1071 Market st., S. 1 F.— My Dear Sir: I
am still using 'with, much- satisfaction the
glasses you sent me at Manila;, also, the new
ones suit my eyes perfectly.. Yours very truly,
"8E0BQE DEWEY."
OFFICE CHIEF, 07 POLICE.
."It gives me much pleasure to recommend to
the public Mr..- GEORGE Mayerle of 1071
Market I street. I have been using glasses for
the past four years. .and during that time have
consulted several opticians, but not until I con-
sulted Mr. GEOROT! Mayerlo and had him flt
glasses to my eyes did I get entire satisfaction
Most respectfully, , . . ; .
' ¦ "J.'H. ANDERSON,
- "Sergeant of Police, San Francisco." '
¦ :• ... . •. ¦ ¦- ¦¦''- — ¦'( :'¦• ¦¦¦• ¦
¦¦¦"•"-. •TR0K OSNERAL WB. R. BHAFTER. .-
« ¦ "Mr. Georee ' Mayerle," San • Francisco — Dear
Sir : l The glasses f made ! by you received ' yes-
terday. I have never been' better: fitted than
with this pair/ Very truly yours,
;,-;WM. R.8flAFIE2.
"Major General, U. S. a!"
, , GERMAN EYE WATER. '60o.
' Telephone South . B72. ! :
.''¦/:} '--y- a. Entrance 1O 71. vSAIST FRANCISCO, STLNDAY, MARCH 30, 1902.
MOTHER'S NAGGING
CAUSES DAUGHTER
TO END HER LIFE
WIFE OF SPECIAL
POLICEMAN FALLS
HEIR TO MILLION
BRIDE OF A MOTORMAN, WHO
PREFERRED DEATH TO HER
, MOTHER'S DISPLEASURE.
REDDING WOMAN WHO IN
HERITS A FORTUNE OF AL
MOST A MILLION DOLLARS.'
Foresters' Ladies' Night.
Court, Acacia of the Independent Order
of ' Foresters has arranged for an invi
tational . ladies' night In its courtroom in
the Pioneer, building on. the night < of
April 1. -A very .entertaining- programme
has been , arranged for the occasion.
Golden State Social Club.
The Gclden State Social and Literary
Club v.-IH give its first entertainment In
Social Hall at 903 Ecldy street on the 11th
inst., when the following named will take
part in the programme for the evening:
Mabel McNaughton, little Vera Carr,
Miss Marie Hockenbrock, Arthur H. Clif
ford. Charles N. Keller. Frank W. Per
kins, C. Earle Clement and A. Arthur
Russell. The programme will be followed
by dacclnf.
Needs of Recorder's Office.
Recorder Godchaux notified the Board
of Supervisors yesterday -that he will re
quire $44,100 to conduct his office during
the next fiscal year. He will also re
'qulre $4325 for supplies and asks for $15,
770 for needed improvements in the office.
Godchaux also wants a chief copyist, an
additional index clerk and < four inde
pendent comparers and suggests that the
rate for copying records be reduced from
8 cents to 6 cents a folio.
Odd Fellows' New Lodge.
Twenty-live residents of Lorln have
signed a petition for a charter to have a
new lodce of the Independent Order of
Odd Follows !n that place, and a prelim
inary meeting to organize it will be held
in J>orin Hall to-morrow night. Tho or
ganizers are Dr. M. M. Rowley. Thomas
Oilbort and V*'. H. Parker. Members of
lodges in Alair.eda County and In this
city have been asked to assist in the or
ganization. • -
Objects to Change in Rates.
¦ 'Judge*- Sea well, on complaint of A. B.
Hunt,, who owns a ranch intheTherma
llto Colony Company's tract atOroville,
issued an injunction , yesterday restrain
ing the Oroville Water -Company from
cutting off the supply of water he uses
for irrigation purposes. ; He alleges that
he holds a contract with the company for
all the water he needs for Irrigation pur
poses, to be delivered the first four days
in each month, and that the failure of the
company to fulfill its contract will do
him irreparable injury. He charges that
the water company recently- raised the
price of water, sand threatened to cut off
his supply . because he objected to the
change in rates ¦
Female Beggar Is an Impostor.
The Associated Charities have issued a
warning to church and charitable "socle
ties against a woman who is actively so
liciting financial assistance on the plea
that she is without means, has ten chil
dren Buffering, from hunger and a hus
band In the last stages of consumption.
She sometimes varies the story with an
account of tho "poor man's death." • In
vestigation has ¦ proven that she is a
weman of many addresses, the majority
of which are vacant lots. .-,: .*'•.,..
Kansas Elopers Discharged.
Arthur T. ' Davis and ,• Mrs. Minnie
Karns, who eloped from Solomon, Kans.,
in September, 1900, and were arrested
Friday on complaint of H. B. Karns, tho
woman's husband, appeared before Judge
Cabaniss ] yesterday. Karns refused to
prosecute, as he had recovered his certifi
cate as a member of the' Brotherhood of
Railway Trainmen and the policy of in
surance on his life, ¦ and as tho Judge
said the charge against them could not
be proved the cases were dismissed.
Mrs. Karns left the Hall of Justice with
Darts. -.•..'**-
Coroner's Inquests.
A. Coroner's jury in tho matter of the
Inquests upon the body of:Daniel Watts,
the Janitor who wa3 killed last Friday
morning 'in an elevator at 602 California
street, returned a verdict yesterday that
death was caused by an accident due to
a .defective elevator.
.In the case of Joseph Demelia, a stevc
dcre, residing at 218A Leavenworth street
who died, on March 25, the Jury returned
a verdict that the accident was due to the
lax method8 pursued in unloading the
vessel. Demelia was engaged at Long
wharf, Oaklarfd, In unloading lumber off
a ship, and a portion of the tackle gave
way and struck Demelia on the head.
GERBERDING'S FUNERAL
IS LARGELY ATTENDED
Remains of the Late Club Man and
Merchant Laid to R-st in
laurel Hill.
Amid tokens of profound sorrow the
remains of the late Albert Gerberding, the
popular clubman and prominent grain
merchant, were consigned to the erave
yetterday at Laurel Hill Cemetery -
The funeral service was held at Trinity
.Church and the edifice was crowded with :
borrowing: friends and admirers of the ¦
'dead man. The impressive ritual of the
Episcopal church was conducted by the
Rev. F. W. Clampett. rector of Trinity
Music was rendered by the Bohemian
Club double quartet.
Many floral pieces were displayed near
the bier, the members of the Bohemian
Club Bending a large chair of roses and
immortelles. <
The interment of the body was witness
ed at thp cemetery by the bereaved rela
tives and many friends of the deceased.
The pall-bearers were: William Ber;?,
Vi^nderlynn Stow, J. F. Deerfngr. T. C
Krledlander. W. D. Chceseborough, F. Hi
Wfceelan and Mr. Welsh.
Contained Valuable Articles
of Jewelry.
It Belongs to Mrs. CM. 'Cole, and
Mrs. C. M. Cole, wife of the secretary
of the Sterling Furniture Company and
living at 2060 Fell street, reported to "the
police yesterday morning that her. chate
laine, which she had attached to: a belt
round her -waist, had either been, stolen
or had dropped from its fastening while
she was on a Hayes-street car Friday
afternoon. . - '. •
Mrs. Cole boarded the car In front of
the Emporium about 5:30 o'clock and left
it at • tne .corner of Hayes and' Shrader
streets about half an hour later. She
stood on the rear platform. Almost im
mediately after leaving the car she dis
covered the loss of her chatelaine, which
contained a gold watch, valued at $100; a
smelling bottle, three gold lockets, a gold
pencil and a gold ring, the six gold ar
ticles being also valued at $100.
The chatelaine was not found in the
car. and, unless It, was stolen, it must
have, been picked up by some one who Is
waiting to' find out if the owner will offer
a reward for its, recovery.
ding and Mrs. Ann Sheppard of Portland.
They expect to divide their father's por
tion, or about $1,800,000.
CHATELAINE LOST OR
STOLEN ON CABLE CAR
Mrs. Dack, whose present husband is an
extra policeman, was the wife of the late
Isaac Diener, an old-time restaurateur
of this city. She had not heard of the
Emrlck fortune until a year ag-o, and not
until yesterday did she realize that she
was destined to become rich by it.
HEN ESCAPES FROM
THE CITY PRISON
it Jumps From the Hoof and Is Re
captured by Two Stalwart
Policemen.
One cf a trio of hens kept as evidence
In the city prison jumped from the roof
cf the Hall of Justice yesterday afternoon
and landed safely en Merchant street. A
telephone message was sent to the Cen
tral police station and Policemen Hanley
and KramfT started in pursuit of the
daring fowl. After considerable twisting
and turning they managed to "surround"
i the hen at Montgomery and Merchant
streets and captured it, taking it back in
triumph to the prison, where it was soon
afterward, along with the other two, de
livered to itf> owner.
Otto Ratto and Thomas Garrlgan were
arrested about a week ago on a charge
of burglary for breaking into a hen coop
belonging to Mrs. A. Gray. 141 Sickles
street. South Sun Francisco, and stealing
the three h«*ns, which were found in their
custody. They appeared before Judge
Mogan and their defense was that they
did not break into the hen coop, but tha't
the hens were enticed from the coop by
means of a handful of corn. One or the
witnesses also testified that she saw the
two defendants chasing one of Mrs
Gray's ducks. The Judge dismissed the
case and Mrs. Gray got her fowls back.
cumulated by Hugo Emrick, the Berlin
furrier, who made his first million as a
partner of John Jacob Astor. Mrs. Dack
is In receipt of a letter from her attor
neys in Portland bringing information
that her uncle, Fred R. Emrick of Mich
igan, has just received his full one-fifth
share of the fortune of $3,000,000 which
Hugo Emrick beaueathed to his four
brothers and one sister. The attorneys
believe that the estate's affairs are. in
such condition that the entire distribu
tion can be made very soon.
Two of • Hugo Emrick s brothers,
Charles and Fred, came to America and
were lost sight of. It was only . after
months of advertising that they were
finally located. The only children of
Charles Emrick are Mrs. Dack of Red-
DONORS TO CHARITIES
ARE TO BE PROTECTED
merchants' Association Appoints
Committee to Investigate Alleged
Charitable Organizations.
The board of directors of the Mer
chants' Association has appointed a com
mittee to investigate into the merits of
charitable organizations, whose • repre
sentatives solicit funds about town. So
licitors for genuine and worthy charities
will be supplied with cards properly i in
dorsed so that the benevolently inclined
may know that they are not bekig victim
ized. • •?¦¦'
The committee is composed of A. M.
Davis of the Emporium, John F. Merrill
of Holbrook. Merrill & Stetson and Hor
ace Davis of the Sperry" Flour Company,
who represent the association; Osgood
Putnam and Miss Jessica Plexotto, who
represent the Associated Charities, and
Herbert Lewis and Rev. D. O. Crowley,
who represent the Organized Charities of
San Francisco. . ' .
The plan has worked out very success
fully in other cities and it is expected it
will do away with much of the fraud now
practiced by .the unscrupulous in San
Francisco. The indorsed card is not nec
essary in individual cases of distress,
church fairs or work that does not come
under the supervision, of organized
charity.
Eoecial Dlsratch to The Call.
J-y EDDING, March 29.— Mrs. Eli
' 1 a F. Dack of this city was be
mjg^P ing , congratulated on all sides
«^ to-day ur>on her prospect of
coming into a generous slice
. of the fortune which was ac-
Profits by Death of
Rich Relative in
Germany.
Share of Big Estate
Awaits a Redding
Woman.
Judge Alfred J. Fritz had an adventure
last evening that he will not forget In a
lifetime. He had the courage, to capture
a bold purse-snatcher, but dropped him
as he would a hot potato when the thief
leveled a glittering rex-olver at his body.
The robber was In contempt of court.
End if a bench warrant will effect
his capture Judge Fritz . will cheerfully
allow the city and county to pay the
fellow's board and lodging for an indefn-
Ite period.
His Honor was on his way to attend
a smoker given by the Montlcello Club.
He boarded a Haight-street car. and,
while talking to E. K. Jones of 221 Fred
erick street, was planning a speech that
would add to his plurality at the next
flection. His thoughts were rudely
chocked when the car was opposite the
Emporium. He noticed a middle-aged
woman rushing toward the back plat
form ¦with the evident Intention of jump
ing from the moving car. Judge Fritz
jumped up and grabbed the lady before
t-he could effect her purpose. The lady
wildly cried, "That man snatched my
purse !" She pointed to a small man w*io
had left the car a half -minute before and
was making tracks toward Powell street.
The Judge valiantly said, "Stay here,
madam. I'll capture the miscreant," and
never has the training he has gained in
the gymnasium of the Olympic Club been
in better stead. His Honor sprinted the
lirst fifty yards in record time and was
eoon on top of the thief. The latter, how
ever, dodged through tfie crowd and
moved in a snake-like fashion up Powell
Btreet. His Honor redoubled his speed
and caught nis man in front of Green
Bros, cafe, near Ellis street.
"I want you." shouted the Judge.
"Why?" said the thief as coolly as an
honest man. He looked his Honor
straight in the eye and never quailed.
"You have stolen a purse," answered
his Honor, "and you are under arrest."
"Give him thirty days. Judge!", yelled
a bystander, who recognized Judge Fritz.
'He'll give me nothing," replied the
prisoner. "But I'll give you this if you
don't let go of me." . 0
The thief pressed a revolver against
the third button of Judge Fritz' vest and
the latter was persuaded to let go of the
thief. The thief did not stand on the or
der of his going, but went. Again the
Judge gave chase, but this time at a re-
Fpectable distance. He was joined by
I'oiicemaji Briggs and they followed the
robber. He darted into the Eins-street
entrance of the Baldwin Annex with
Briggs after him. Judge Fritz tried to
head the man off by going around to the
Market-street side, but when he arrived
the thief was gone.
The Court and policeman compared
notes and described the thief as a Nttle
man wearing dark clothes and a soft
urewn hat. The Judge was unable to find
the lady who lost her purse.
The chase played havoc with Judge
Fritz* nerves, and the speech he intended
delivering to the members of the Monti
cello Club was lost to him and to them.
He says he has a vivid recollection of
the thief's appearance, and promise* no
end of suffering for the fellow if he ever
appears in his dock.
Captures Thief, but
Revolver Loosens
His Hold.
Official Bravely Pur=
sues Snatcher
of Purse.
The Robber Draws a
Weapon on Judge
Fritz.
PISTOL
WINS HIM
LIBERTY
A New Council.
The San Francisco Cabinet of the Na
tional Union, will; pay an .official visit to
Golden Gate Council in the Pioneer build
ing on J the night of April 22,. and on the
25th of that month the cabinet will assist
Deputy J. ¦ N. . Bunting , in : the Institution
of- a new council of the order at the Mis
sion: -
The case of W. P. Robinson, vice pr<?s
idtnt and secretary, of the Al Dodge Co.,
advertisers, charged with exhibiting a
deadly weapon in a rude and threatening
manner, was dismissed by Judge Frita
yesterday. A. C. Dodge, the complalnina
witness, and Attorney W. White were ex
amined for the prosecution and. the de
fendant testified in his own behalf.
Robinson Is Acquitted.
Young Finds Employment.
William Young, the young married man
who stole a bicycle because his wife was
starving and escaped prosecution, has not
been long in procuring employment. At
torney Frank . Kelly, . who • was commis
sioned by some charitably disposed people
to look' after the young couple, was noti
fied yesterday by. Mrs. Young that her
husband started to work at 4 o'clock yes
terday morning, driving a team for Gray
Bros., contractors.
Defendants Held to Answer.
James Walters, alias McKay, Robert
McKay and Charles Walters, alias Mcj
Kay. were held to answer before the Su
perior Court by Judge Cabanlss yesterday
on the charge of robbery. Last Sunday
afternoon, it is alleged, they held ujr
John McCartney of 537 Seventh street at
Second and Natoma streets in the pres
ence of three young girls and took $3
from him. John Ursenberg, a sailor, waa
held to answer by Judge Mogan on a
charge of assault to murder for cutting
Itobert Neilson on the arm with a knifa
in . front of a saloon on Steuart street ox>
March 2.
Wrights Get More Time.
The five days allowed Chester F. Wright
to pay his .fine of $250 for contempt or
court and his brother, Dexter M. Wright,
to pay his fine of $20, expired 'yesterday.
Their attorney appeared before Judge
Cook and . asked - for another five days'
stay, which was granted.. The fines were
Imposed for disobeying an order of court
restraining ' them from removing any
stock from the music store of Kochman
& Wright on Turk street.
Lecture on Ethics
Harry Allen Overstreet of tha depart
ment of philosophy of the University of
California delivered the first of a series of
six lectures on "Leading Ethical Theo
ries" In the lecture room of the Mark
Hopkins Institute of Art yesterday morn
ing. Mr. Overstreet has recently returned
from a two-year stay at Oxford, England,
where he won high praise from eminent
men for his strong work In philosophy.
In his first lecture Mr. Overstreet dis
cussed the purpose of the study of ethics
and briefly* outlined the teaching of tha
great masters Socrates and his pupil
Plato. His treatment of the subject waa
popular and Interesting. In his later lec
tures he proposes to give an outline of the
theories of other great teachers and to
show how they were Influenced by these
two. "Epicureanism and Stoicism" will
be the subject of next Saturday's lecture.
These lectures are given under tha
auspices of the university's committee on
university extension and are free to tha
public. •
George H. Booth Causes Momentary
Excitement at the Hall of
Justice.
George H. Booth, the young man
charged with obtaining $31 from W. E.
Payne, a conductor on the Kearny-street
line, on the representation that he would
get his uncle, "Colonel Greene of Wash
ington, D. C," to procure a government
position for Payne, appeared before Judge
Fritz yesterday and, as he was not ready
with his defense, a continuance waa
granted till to-morrow.
As Booth was being taken from the
courtroom to the city prison elevator by.
Bailiff Conlon, along with other prisoners,
he made a break' for liberty. - He dashed
down the stairs, with Conlon close at his
heela, and was overtaken before he
reached the bottom. Two other officers
happened to be in the elevator, which waa
quickly lowered to head him off, if nec
essary. Conlon soon had the handcuffs
on Booth and he will not get such another
chance.
PRISONER MAXES BREAK
TO REGAIN LIBERTY
Trouble Between Unions of Structural
Iron Workers Is Ended Without
Resort to Strike.
- Th«j Derrickmen, Engineers and Struc
tural Iron Workers' Union held a largely
attended meeting on Friday evening at
the Alcazar building. It was a special
meeting to consider amalgamation with
Local Union No. 26 of the Bridge and
Structural Iron Workers' International As
sociation, the question of affiliation with
the rational body also being a paramount
issue.
Frank Buchanan, president of the
Bridge and Structural Iron Workers' Inter
national Asscciation, was present and ex
plained the . objects and workings of the
national body. Vice President E. J.
Brandon and Secretary O. A. Tveitmoe of
the Building Trades Council of San Fran
cisco also addressed the meeting. It hav
ing been claimed that the Building Trades
Council of San Francisco was opposed to
national organizations, the action taken
by the union was of such a nature to re
fute this, claim. '. ..
¦ A ¦ committee representing Local Union
No. 26,. consisting of Messrs. Allen, Hodg
son and- Bowling, was in attendance.
After the question had been discussed, it
was decided that the Derrickmen, Engi
neers and Structural Iron Workers' Union
of San Francisco and vicinity and Local
No. 26 of the Bridgebullders and Struc
tural Iron Workers' International Associa
tion amalgamate and affiliate with the
international body.
The details of adjustment were referred
to a committee, which will meet at an
early date and perfect the arrangement.
. The new organization will be chartered
by the Bridgebullders and Structural Iron
Workers': International Association and
will be affiliated with the Building- Trades
Council. of San Francisco. It will have a
membership, of over three -hundred. Its
constitution and by-laws will be framed
under the supervision of the executive
board of the Building Trades Council of
San Francisco.
National Guard Officers Entertain
Him at the Occidental
Hotel.
One of the most successful affairs that
has taken place at the Occidental Hotel
for months occurred there last night.
General John H. Dickinson and the otn
cers of the National Guard gave a recep
tion In honor of Adjutant General George
B. Stone. :¦
The ' guests were received in the large
parlor, which was .beautifully decorated
for the -occasion with palms and Ameri
can flags. In the corridor the regimental
band of the First California rendered mu
sical selections throughout the evening.
In the main dining-room ref\3shment3
¦were 'served. - *- '*•**"
The scene during the reception was
most animated. - Officers in natty uni
forms ;thronged the parlors and. their lady
friends lent color to the scene with their
handsome gowns.. *tv
first wife and her two little children. The
wife 'came from the .East and -.charged
Maxon with deserting her and her little
ones.^ She secured a divorce and Maxon
was forced to pay. her, alimony. . Mrs.-
Maxon and her children are now. In the
East.^. Following the divorce, the second
wife of Maxon. remarried him. He sunk
all of his wife's means in his business and
high living. A year ago Mrs. Maxon went
to Mexico, suffering from quick consump
tion. While Maxon was a livery stable
keeper he had the reputation of being a
"high roller" and spent money with a
free hand. "¦¦'.-¦• . -.
George, the elder brother, was born In
Detroit,' Mich.' He is about '50 years of
age, while Charles is three years younger.
Divorced "Wife Lives' Here.
Mrs* Florence-. Maxon, the divorced
wife of George, lives : in this city with
her two sons.' .She stated that she was
married twenty years. ago In Cnlco, where
she was born. ¦ , ' ', ¦ '
"My ex-hu3band,"' said Mrs. Maxon
"was ;¦ always v engaged in : trading and
dealing in all kinds of exchanges of goods
and property. .If he is mixed up in any
trouble now, . his brother has. led him
Into it. George. Maxon deserted me eight
years . ago. I . neither saw. nor heard ot
him until a year ago,' when he called at
my home ono • day. He never told" me
where he had been or .why he had kept
silent; I' was -divorced from him : a. year
ago.iMy, two sons live '.with me and' both
are working. The diamonds that Charles
Maxon .wears - formerly belonged to his
sister-in-law, Mrs. Cool. She. was
obliged to i pawn them and • Maxon . re
deemed the articles. I did not know that
my ex-husband;or his brother were in the
city until I read of their doings in The
can.".-. - ¦ :-\\: •;•=- •. -y } '
, T. J. May . .was formerly a steward at
the :Barton restaurant in r Fresno. : He
came from the East, where he was in
the clothing business. Since he has been
in San Francisco he has been engaged
in a. number of i ventures. At one time he
had a small restaurant, then he dabbled
in mines and then became' an ','agent for
Eastern novelties."' He dealt'' in real cs
tate*for a time,. and now, says '. he trades'
in- "anything that ; comes along." May's
"office" for the' last year has- consisted
of aiillttledeskfor which he rented; space
in other offices. "'••' . .-:i .... :¦ .
The 'pile, of junk that , Jefferson G.
James received. in exchange for; his broad
acres: is so ¦ worthless ¦ that Jamesr-yoster ¦
day /instructed Herenghl & Co., in whose
place 1 It.'-ls = stored,- to : give ,the rubbish • to
the - scavengers i to-morrow morning when
they come around." ¦ > .
SETTLE DIFFICULTIES
IN FRIENDLY SPIRIT
ADJUTANT GENERAL STONE
IS TENDERED A RECEPTION
motorman, and she thought that her
daughter should marry some one who
could give her a better living. There was
nothing against Duncan personally, he be
ing an Industrious man of good character.
Several times since the marriage Mrs.
Duncan told her husband on his return
home from his day's work that she was
very unhappy because her mother was
continually nagging her and making her
life miserable.
On last Thursday afternoon Mrs. Dun
can ran into the room where her husband
was sittins and informed him that she
had swallowed carbolic acid. Medical aid
was immediately summoned, but she
lapsed into unconsciousness and so re
mained until death came. The young cou
ple had been residing in a flat at 442%
Twenty-ninth street.
JKR JBT HS. GRACE M. DUNCAN,
/H /ffl the unhappy bride- who
. '/-BaJH took carbolic, acid last
/ Vr H./j -Thursday because she was
2. r -Jt nagged to desperation, died
- " ¦> • "yesterday '• morning' ' at -* 4
¦ • •'. , o'clock. The" inquest- was
held yesterday and the jury returned a
verdict of death by suicide.
Mrs. Duncan was. only 17 years of age,
and had been married only ten days to
Wayne Duncan, a motorman on the Mar
ket-street railway system. , Her mother,
Mrs. Inch, opposed the marriage, but the
girl, whose maiden name was Grace
Moilen, went to San Rafael on the 19th
of this month with Duncan and they were
secretly married.
When the couple returned to this city
and announced the marriage, Mrs. Inch
was very angry and upbraided her daugh
ter for disobeying her commands. Her
objection to Wayne Duncan as a son-in
law lay in the fact that he was only, a
Presentation to District Deputy Ben
Levy in Appreciation of
Services.
Court Sutro Heights No. 138 of the For
esters of America gave an anniversary
banquet last night In an O'Farrell-streeu
rotlsserie to its members and a few spe-^
dally invited guests. There were more
than 150 present and all enjoyed the deli
cacies that were placed before them. Tho
special guests were Grand Chief Ranger
John _ Heenan, Grand Secretary John J.
Cordy, District Deputy Grand Chief
Ranger Ben • Levy, Judge Frank J.
Murasky, Jacob Label and John Gardner.
Chief Ranger B. M. Clancy was toast
master, and at the proper time, after a
short Introductory address, he called
upon Judge Murasky to respond to the
toast, "Our Country"; the grand chief
ranger to "The American Foresters"; R.
L. Simpson, "The History of the Order";
Ben Levy, "The Deputies"; John J.
Cordy, "The Grand Officers"; A. L. Weil,
"The Flag of Our Country"; Ernest C.
Stock, "What the Press Does for the Or
der"; L. Livingston, "The History of the
Court"; Jacob Label, "The Good of the
Order"; E. S. Harding. "The Foresters
of America and Their Work for the Hu
man Family," and John Gardner to "Any
thing That Comes to Hfe Mind."
After the speaking was well under way
District Deputy Levy was called to the
front and was on behalf of the court pre
sented with a pair of gold cuff buttons,
on the face of each of which is the em
blem of the order; this in appreciation of
his services and many kindnesses to the
court. The affair was directed by B. SI.
Clancy, Will J. Baradori, L. H. Bretmlng,
M.D.. A. L. Weil, J. F. Murphy, G. J.
Redmond and Edward Miller.
Parent Censures Her
. for Marrying a
Motorman.
COURT SUTRO HEIGHTS
CELEBRATES ANNIVERSARY
Youthful Bride Takes
Poison During Her
Honeymoon.
Joseph von Lochner, a German noble
man, who was under arrest in 1S9S,
charged with the murder of Sadie Carpen
ter in the Hubbard House at Fourth and
Everett streets, committed suicide yester
day afternoon. He walked into a saloon
at 37 Third street and with a word to the
bartender swallowed a strong solution of
cyanide of potassium. Before medical aid
reached him he was dead.
Sadie Carpenter's death, the responsi
bility for which was attributed to Von
Lochner, created a tremendous sensation
and furnished an interesting study in
criminology. Her dead body was found
in bed, with a rag loosely knotted around
her throat. At hrst it was supposed to
be a case of strangulation, but the au
topsy showed that death was due to other
causes. Von Lochner occupied a room
next to the woman. His statement and
those of many of the witnesses proved
his depravity, which marked the case as
unusual in criminal annals, and the rec
ords were preserved by the detective de
partment to be given to the State Uni
versity for use in psychological studies.
Von Lochner waa a pensioner of the
German Government, and, it is said, was
at one time an officer in high standing in
the Prussian army. He had a number of
medals which were bestowed for gallantry
during his service in. the Franco-Prussian
war. He was extremely reticent regard
ing hi3 past and had no confidants. Be
sides his pension he gained some income
as retoucher of photographs.
He was a hard drinker and slovenly in
his personal habits. Captain Seymour
identified the body at the Morgue as that
of the suspect in the Carpenter case.
: The, fraudulent .methods used by Charles
C. Maxon and his. associates in, securing
deeds to real estate and valuable personal
property, in exchange for worthless junk
and bogus whisky certificates, as pub
lished exclusively in/rhe Call, has set the
police, to swork. Yesterday, evidence j was
secured by -the ; authorities and it is ex
pected that criminal proceedings will be
instituted against the gang of sharpers
by some of its victims. " '.. ,
/Investigation discloses the fact ¦¦ that
Charles C. Maxon, his brother, ; . George
Maxon, and T. J. May and others , have
been operating in this city in disposing of
the bogus certificates. • < .'¦;¦.'.}¦.'./•'/
The record of some of the mentis .very
unsavory and it has been'a matter of sur
prise that the gang should have dared to
operate in so bold a manner. '¦ •". y J
T. J. May, who vigorously . denied on
Friday that he knew anything about the
"whisky certificates," has been one of the
leaders of the gang that tried to dispose
of the fake documents. \
Two prominent liquor dealers in this
city stated yesterday that May had tried
to induce them to purc'hase some of the
"certificates" within the last two months
and that May had a large number of the
worthless papers in his possession.
A dispatch received from Chicago yes
terday proves that Charles C. Maxon,
George Maxcn, T. J. May and other3
were engaged in a barefaced' swindle in
selling and trading "whisky certificates."
The information given in the. Chicago
dispatch is as follows:, ~ ¦ .:
Prominent liquor dealers here state that they
have never heard of the existence of the United
States distillers Distributing Company. ; No
such firm is mentioned. in the directory..
Denounces One of the- Gang.
M. Rothenberg, president of M. Rothen
berg & Co., liquor, dealers on* Kearny
street, between Pine and California,
made the following statement. yesterday:
If T. J. May says that he never knew of tha
existence of these co-called "whisky certifi
cates" he is telling a falsehood. I know May
very well, for. he owes our firm a bill for sup
plies we sold him when he ran a little res
taurant in this city. JHe never paid us a cent
and I understand that his record in the East Is
shady. He came here : to see me about two
months ago. He. Introduced a man from Oak
land- whose,' name I cannot, remember.' May
said that • the ...Oakland man.,was : wlllinsr to
trade some real estate for come ; pt the; "whlskv
certificates" and May ' wanted ¦ irte to buy i the
whiaky from the man. May had a- big bunch
of the certificates with him. "I told May that
II. did not do business with irtesoonslble per
sons ar.d that our firm did not want to have
anytMnp to do with him. He said if I would
help to put his deal through with the- Oakland
party he would pay his account with our
firm.' I declined to -discuss the matter with
him and went Into my office, leaving May In
the store. He came in to see me again about
two weeks auo and wanted to discuss the
"whisky certificates," but I would have noth
ing to do with him. I am glad that The Call
has exj.-rsed this swindle and I think the gang
should be arrested and sent to prison.
S. Brownstone Approached.
S. Brownstone, president of the Brown
stone Wine Company, 331 : Ellisstreet; was
also approached by T. J. May, who offered
to sell him some of the "certificates."
Brownstone was seen yesterday and said:
A young ' man named Man-in, who resides
in the Mozart House, at 321 Ellis street, first
brought the. certificates to me. He subse
quently introduced May.' ' The certificates he
wished me to buy called for ten barrels of
the* whisky. I recognized at ¦ once that the
whole thing was a fraud, but I led May along
to see to what extent his scheme would de
velop. He first offered the whisky at 40 cents
a eallon, but when he found I did not* seem
disposed to buy he lowered his price. I told
him that whisky that had been in storage
since 1895 would have evaporated to a con
siderable extent. He Immediately met this
assertion with an offer to allow, eight gallons
to the barrel for evaporation. He appeared
very anxious to dispose of the certificates.
May's certificates' were . about the crudest
affairs of the kind that I had ever seen, and
It is a great surprise to me how any one could
be duped by them.
Bond Dealer Is Swindled.
W. A. C. Smith, a bond dealer who has
offices at room 448 Parrott building and
resides at Sixteenth and Guerrero streets,
is a heavy loser by exchanging real estate
for some of the bogus whisky certificates.
Smith yesterday made the following
statement:
Duncan, the real estate man, whom I have
known for a number of years, came to me in
the first instance and offered to trade me a
certificate representing fifty barrels of whisky,
stored in Chicago, for my Sutter City property.
He told me that the certificate belonged to
E. O. Beamer, but that he was trying to trade
it in order to make a commission. The cer
tificate looked regular enough to • n»e ¦ and "I
did not for a single moment auspect any fraud.
Duncan and Beamer both advised me to make
the deal find I did. Duncan was to have re
ceived a commission on the sale of the spirits.
I assisted in inducing Jean Golet. who lives
somewhere, on Broadway, to invest ' also.
He exchanged property, for a certificate. I do
not know exactly how much his property is
valued at, . but - it Is . probably worth three or
four thousand dollars. I di> not care to let
the people know how much of a fool I was,
but I even went so far as to pay the notary
for recording Golet's deed. And I was to have
received part of Golet's profit on the sale of
the whisky.
¦ I do not intend to let go my property,
which is worth about $3000. I ¦ have already
seen Beamer and he has promised not to trans
fer my dcedJ I shall Institute proceedings as
aoon as my lawyer is disengaged.
E. 0. Beamer Explains.
Beamer, who 'owned the certificate that
was sold to Smith, claims that he did not
know the paper was a fraud and that th*
United States Distilling and Distributing
Company never had an existence. Beamer
paid that he owned eighty acres of land
at Riverside and some more property, in
San Bernardino : County. He said : "I
went to May about a month ago with. an
offer to soil my property. He introduced
mo to Maxon. Maxon produced the
whisky ¦ certificates < and . offered to -ex
change . them : for my : land. Just about
this time Hamilton, the piano ¦ dealer,
whom Maxon and May were trying to in
duce to invest in the spirits, ;wjred to
Chicago regarding ¦ the . whisky. , He re
ceived a reply that it was all right. It
was. this reply, that led me. to part with
my. property • without further in
vestigation.
i "I did . not see Smith ; until -the proposi
tion , was almost concluded. '. Duncan , car
ried on all negotiations with him:" " '
Recordof Maxon Brothers.
Charles C. Maxon and, his ' brother.
George, are well- known in this city and
State, where they have resided, for many
years. Charles .was formerly.' the prb*
prietor of the Saratoga stables, on Geary
street: H<s - married : a - daughter -. of 'An
drew Schuller, the .mining- broker, who
shot at his .wife five' times Ion the even
ing of Sunday, March 13, 1S98, and «then
vilied himself. The tragedy/ took place in
Schuller's office, 420 California street.1v**- ¦>
Maxon married, about- eighth years 'ago
and wer.t;ir«.to the livery stable' business
with; his wife's money. . A. year after the
marriage- a ; scandal was precipitated ' by
the appearance in the city of- Maxon's
Criminal Proceedings;
May Land Gang
in Jail.
Was Suspected of the
Murder of Sadie
Carpenter.
Exposure of Swindle
Forces Leaders
to Hide.
Finds Peace in Suicide
After Checkered
Career.
Whisky Certificates
Are Traded for
Property.
A German Nobleman
Puts an End to
His Life.
VICTIMS
OF FRAUD
LOCATED
DRINKS
DEADLY
CYANIDE
Pies 29 to 40
lilliijRESULTS OF SATURDAY'S RACENG AT OAKLAND TRACK
THE O-AJLIj^S R,^OI3STC3- FORM CHART
» the courts decide whether the
cruel, as charged; by the"' Humane Society.'
Coursing Is Stopped .in Dsnver.
DENVER,' March 29.—The Fire' and Po
lice Beard has- ordered that: no more
coursing meete' be held In this;city until
BarkentineLost, Crew Saved.
NEW YORK. March 29.— The barkentlrie
AatUlu. Captain: Held, from Montevideo
for Now York with n cargo of hides,
stranded last ninht at Long Ucach, N. J.
She Is about 2tt) yards off shore,- head on.
and is apparently full of water. The crew
of nir.e men has been taken off in the
breeches buoy. -- • - ¦ — -
• Rlchmonds. " 1'oeUlons. Bushnells. .
Nagle. ......;.... Pitcher. Hanrahan
Egar.. . . .:".:.. ;. .1 atcher.; . . ..:.. :;' Burroughs
Ksola ;.:... ...... First lia«e. ......... ..Sullivan
Monohan ........ . . Second base ......."...-. ; Knell
Tillson. . . , ;~. . .:: .Third baee. . . . . . ; . Jack Bodlo
Knytnond . . rr. . . . .(hort stop."*.', ... . . , , , . . . Kelly
Max Mullor. ', ... ..Left Held. . . . .'.. . . f. .Morrison
Kelly.: .TTtvrrrrr.Center.neld.. . ..... . :Radford
. W. Mullcr. ."..'. . ..Right flsld. . . . .... : . .".Uurllnl
Heaven. ......;.. .Uxtra ."............ Hoar
The Richmond; Stars j and the Bushnells,
two of the best amateur baseball' nines : in
the city, will again' try, conclusions: af ; the
Presidio : grounds ";this afternoon. V. The
teams came; together two 'weeks ago, and
the Bushnells carried off the honors after
battling for twelve innings. Much rivalry
exists between: them," and those attending
will no ; doubt i witness a great game.' :'• Pol
lowing is the line-up: - ¦ '
Amateurs , Will Cross Bats.
PHILADELPHIA, March ».-Tommy
White, a bantamweight pugilist, ; is said
to be at the point of death as the result
of a ; sparring' contest with Tom^Markey,
also of this city, "at the Knickerbocker
Athletic Club. \ .White was badly beaten
by his opponent and in the. fifth round
was rendered" unconscious by. a- blow on
the jaw. Although' .physicians exerted
every effort to resuscitate him, he was
still insensible at a late hour to-night. No
arrests have been made. : .
CHICAGO,- .March. 29.— The Blx-roun'd
fight- to-night at the Chicago Athletic
Club between Eddie' Connolly and Owen
Zeigler. ended in a draw." .": - '¦ ¦•''..
tate Him and It Is Feared He'
Will Succtunb.
Physicians Are Unable to Rssusci-
TOMMY WHITE MAY ME
OF INJURIES FROM A BLOW
The members'of San Francisco Flycast
ing Club met yesterday at Stow. Lake,
Golden Gate Park, in competition. H. C.
Golcher was again the best In; long; dis
tance casting. He barely, .beat T. \V.
Brotherton in the' delicacy . event. The
latter proved the best. at lure casting. .The
scores: , ' '-. - \' ' ¦ ' ;. • "
Class Work ,in. the Long-
Distaiice Casting.
1LYCA5TEES COMPETE ,
IN VABIOUS EVENTS
H. C. Golcher Continues His High
Track Notes.
Jake Holtman handled the starting gate
yesterday.^
Commissioner- Forster improved , vastly
with a night's rest. He;, was beaten* in
hIow time -over the same route on the day
previous. . . . -.<,¦..!¦
Trox'.er nrid Jackson •Jlv.'ded' tiie saddle
honors, c-ach riding- two winners..
Harry Stover, took the nret and t last
race on the card, and to-day leaves With
his stable for Canada. i.» •
Another from the Burns & Waterhouse
stable. El Pilar, received substantial
backing to win .the -seven-furlong run
which followed, and - only failed to land
because, of , ill racing luck. Ranech got
cut off on a couple of occasions with the
colt.- finishing third." The winner turned'
up in Limelight, which reached the wire
nearly a length in advance of School for
Scandal, the. 6 to 5 favorite. Stuart had
the mount on the latter and was un
doubtedly seised with his usual attack'of >
stage fright.
•W. W. Elliott's, clever sprinter, Hilee,
laid low. a bunch of fast ones in the fifth
number, over. e!x furlongs. The Ilimyar
horre cioced at <»/» to 1, and, nicely ridden
by Troxler, won all the way, disposing of
Princess Titania finally by two lengths in
1:134. The. Pride, ruled- favorite, but re
ceived poor piloting and may have been
short besides, running in third. ¦
Harry Stover's Indian named "bird"
Ilowaho svaa played fora good thing in
the closing mile selling affatr. Lee, Jack
son got away well with .the 'warm one,
and, cutting out a piping hot clip, won
hands down at the finish from Vasallo
and Lento. Prestario, the' favorite, ran
unplaced. '. .
badly interfered vdth soon after the start.
The winner, at one. time 8 and 10 to 1 in
the ring, had his odds played down to '6.
broad jump and won with a record of 22 j
feet 10% inches. In the pole vault Wilcox
made 10 feet 6 inches. Powell and Cheek
tied in the high jump at 5 feet 8 inches.
Most of the athletes showed evidences
of recent vaccination. • Some wore their
arms protected by. various devices but
others left them unprotected.
Although the day's events were not in
the nature of a class contest, the scores
made were as follows: Freshman, 174
sophomore, 47; junior, 13; senior, 34; med
ical, 3; post graduate, 3.
The results in detail follow:
One-mile run — Won by Redewill, '02; Graves,
'04, second; dough, '05, third. - Time, 4:35. ¦
I 100- yard dash — First heat I won by Abadie,
'04; Hussey, '02, second; H. H. Minor.- '04,
third.. Time, :10 2-5. ¦ Second heat won by
Brown, '03; Townsend, '03,' second; Kruschke,
'04, third. Time. : 10 2-5. Final won by Aba
die, Brown second, Townsend ¦ : third. . Time,
:10 1-5. : - ¦ , ¦ . ,
120-yard hurdle-^-Won by Cheek, '04; Hanni
gan, v '04, second; Powell, '02,' third. Time,
:1C 2-5.: '
Two-mile run — Won by Tibbetts.' '04;'West
dahl,-'05, second; Woods, '04, third. Time,
10:251-5. ' . • .
440- yard . dash— Won by Adler, '05; Kuster,
'00, second; Howard, '05, third. Time, :54 3-5.
220-yard hurdle — First heat won by Powell,
'02; Hannlgan, '04, second. Time, :27. Second*
heat wen by Cheek, '04; Kruiichke, '04, second.
Time, :27 2-5. Final won by Cheek, Powell sec
ond. HanniKan third.- Time, :26. - •' -
220-yard dash — First heat won by Townsend,
'03; Annear. '05, second. Time, - :23 2-5. Second
heat won by Brown, 'OS; Johnston, '04, second.
Time, :23 3-5. Final— Tie between- Brown and
Townsend, Johnston second. Time, :31. .
880-yard run— Won by. Service, .'02; Edwards,
'05, second; Robertson, /'03, third. Time,
2:07 1-5 ' . ¦ •
started in the race, but the pace proved
too fast.
Cadogan, the sprinter, did not enter the
races, as Trainer Christie refused to risk
a strained leg which has been bothering
him lately. Abadie won the 100-yard dash
in the absence of Cadogan, with Brown
and Townsend close seconds. ¦
The 440-yard dash was. the best con
tested of all the events. The bunch of
runners kept together around the lap and
at the finish spread out across the track
and struggled down the last hundred
yards but a stride's distance apart. How
ard had been leading and Ligda looked
good for second up to the 25-yard line.
Hartley, Kuster or Adler might have been
picked- for third, but the last few yards
changed everything. Adler squeezed In
between Howard and Ligda, who were
weakening, and broke the tape a foot, in
front of Kuster, who beat out Ligda and
Howard at the last moment. Howard was
third.
Cheek won both hurdle . races'-., and
showed vast improvement over his last
year's form, when Powell was the victor.
He glided over the hurdles with rase,
Powell was running but half a step behind
him in the high hurdles when he tripped
on one of the sticks and fell, letting Han
nigan beat him. out for second. - In the
low hurcllcs Powell looked like a winner
at 100 yards, but Cheek gained slowly and
won by a small margin:' '. v
Plaw made no attempt at records. He
wa3 satisfied with 163 feet, 10 Inches inlhe
hammer throw, which was 41 feet : '10
inches better than, the second place man.
With the show he put 41 feet 2% ¦ inches
and won. ~. . •*..••;• ,•'.. ..- '/.¦
Hussey showed improvement .in the
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA ATHLETES IN COMPETITION ON THE
CINDER PATH AND THE FIELD AT BERKELEY SHOW SOME
CREDITABLE PERFORMANCES IN THE VARIOUS EVENTS.
COLON. Colombia. March 29. — United States
Minister to Colombia Charles B. Hart has ar
rived here from Bogota. He will sail for New
York Tuesday.
Hammer throw — Won by Plaw, '02; Hartllne,
'04, second; Albertson, '02, third. Distance 1(53
feet 10 inches. " . . ¦
High Jump— Tie between Powell, '02, and
Cheek, '04, at 5 feet 8 Inches; Cooley, "04, sec
~ond. . . .... ;
Shot put— Won by Plaw, '02; Fautz, "04, sec
ond; Brlggs, '05, third; Distance, 41 feet 2%
inches. .. ¦ •• ' :, .
¦•- Broad Jump— Won by Hussey, '02; Tophim
(medical), second; H. H. Minor, '04, third. Dis
tance, 22 feet 10% inches. .
. Bole vault — Won by Wilcox, '04',- Geary, '05.
second; Symmes, '04, third. Height, 10 feet 1%
inches. • , ...
The officials of the field day were:
Referee — E. J. Brown; timers — F. Koch, H.
D. Smith and .Walter Christie; starter — An
thony Cadogan; Judges at the finish — I. , J.
Munna, ;L.' Hunt and B. F. Miller: field Judges
— Roy-Woolsey and Captain C. Wilson; meas
urers — ti. A. Womble and C. R. Parker; clerks
of .the. course — Titus and Roots; announcer — Le
Roy Smith. .
WASHINGTON. March 29.— Bennlngs sum
mary: '-¦... ''::'•''¦ *
First race, elx furlongs — Cormorant won.
Alack second, King Barleycorn third. Time,
1:19.
I Second race, four and a half furlongs — Tos
can won. : Morca second, First Chord t third.
Time. :58 4-5.
Third race, mile and a half, hurdle — J."A.
Warner won, Tamarin second, Farrell third.
Time. 3:02 3-5. - . . ' •
Fourth race, six furlongs — The Hoyden won,
Truap second. Carroll D third. : Time, 1 :18 4-0.
Filth race, seven furlongs — Illuminate won,
Locket second. Gold Fox third. H Tlme, 1:32 4-0.
Sixth race, mile and 100 yards — Woodtrice
won, Charlie Moore second. Lamp "o Lee third.
Time. 1:54 3-5. . .
LITTLE ROCK, Ark., March 29.— This was
th? last day of the spring meeting. Sum
mary: ¦*.',.'
First race, six furlongs, 3elling — Boundlea
won. Sir Gatlan second, Lizzie A third. Time.
1:17%.
Second race, two-year-olds, four furlongs —
Lady Gallantry won, Mansir second. The Ad
vocate third. Time, :51.
Third race, five and a half furlongs — Carl
Kuhler won. Huntressa second. Lady Alberta
third. Time, 1:09%.
Fourth race, Bob Furth stake, selling, one
mile — Nearest won. W. B. Gatea second. Plead
third. Time, 1:44%.
Fifth race, seven furlongs, sell ins? — Orleans
won. Loone second. Chickadee , third. Time.
1:30^5. •
Sixth race, mile and seventy yards," selling-
Henry of Franstamar won, Pay the Fiddlet
second, Florrie S third. Time. 1:49%.
Bock, Ark.
Results at Bennings and at Idttlo
SACING IN THE EAST.
Stanford Nine Defeats aItmtitH-
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, March 29.—
The varsity baseball team defeated the
alumni nine this afternoon in a close and
interesting game by the score of 3 to 2.
The contest was largely a pitchers* battle.
Both Lanagan and Parker were in fine
form. The almost, errorless support given
the varsity pitcher was the most satisfac
tory feature of the game from the col
legian's point of view. Not a ball was
allowed to get through the infield that
was not a clean hit, and the outfielders
accepted every chance given them.
Spencer and "Weber and the battery
(Lanagan and Locomotive Smith) dis
played the best - form of the alumni
players. .- •- •-..
AB. R, BH. PO. A. E.
Rithet. 63 4 0 12 4 I
McLaren, 3b .....3 0 12 2 0
James, cf 4 0 0 10 0
Goslinsky, lb 4 ,0 0 13 0 0
Gammon, rf .4 0 0 10 0
Zan, 2b ..3 110 at
Atcbiaon, If 3 0 0 3 10
Egan. c .........2 0 0 10 1
Wilkinson, p 2 0 0 1 3 0
Taezell, p l 0 0 0 i 0
Totals.. .30 1 3 24 14 "3
";- '^-;> CALIF0RN1AS.
AB. R. BH. PO. A. EL
Hamlin, cf 3 2 11 0 0
Kennedy. 3b 4 2 2 100
Adams, ss 5 2 2 0 2 0
Braly, 2b » 4 10 18 0
Hendrieks. lb 6 1 2 16 1 0
McKeown, rf 4 1 0 4 0 0
Hightmuller, If 3 1 0 1 0 0
Saeltzer. c 4 11110
Williams, p 2 10 2 0. 0
Totals 34 12 8 27 13 0
Z'%[ 1 . . SUMMARY.
Stolen bases — Egan, Atchison, Rithet, Zan.
Double plays — McLaren to Gollnsky; AtcMsoa ;
to Rithet. Struck out— By Wilkinson 1. b*
Williams 2. Two-base hits — Adams. Hight
muller, Hendrieks. First base on called balls-
Off Wilkinson 2. off Yaezell 3. off Williams 1.
Umpire — T. Green. Scorei- — Stuart. Tim* oC
game— Ons hour and thirty minutes. '
OLYMPICS.
The fielding of both teams was good.
Hightmuller, Berkeley's left fielder,
carried off the honors of the day in this
particular. The summary:
The Olympians showed their lack of
practice, there being several good players
on the team. TVilkina pitched good ball
but was replaced in the sixth Inning by
Taezell. The latter , did not prove ef
fective.
The University of California baseball
team defeated the Olympic Club team
yesterday afternoon at Recreation Park
In an errorless game. The score was 12
to L
J. Darling's imported greyhound Gam
bit won his first course in this country
cleverly yesterday at Union Coursing
Park. He led Fiery Friend four lengths
and then went on and killed the hare,
shutting but his opponent pointless. In
his first course to-day he will meet Vulcan
and will be more thoroughly tested than
he was yesterday. He is not a strongly
put together dog, being considered defi
cient in driving power Tn the hind quar
ters by competent judges of greyhounds.
Of the four stakes on the card the reserve
stake was the only one completed. Th'.s
was won by W. N. Hoag's Cecil M, which
defeated Toronto in the deciding course.
In the special stake, which will be run
in its entirety to-day, A. J. Martin is con
sidered best at the top of the card, while
Sacramento Boy is expected to hold his
own at the bottom of the list. Three to
one is chalked up against the former in
the long odds book, while 4 to 1 can be
lmd against the latter. Sacramento Boy
will meet a number of fast ones in Van
dal, Anchor and Merrirnac before he
reaches the deciding course.
Tralee Boy and.Anciior are quoted at
6 to 1, War Eagle and Vandal 7, Merrimac
and Lost Chord S, Cold Shivers, Homer
Boy and Charta 10." .. ¦
In the open stake Harlean Gladys is
favorite, at 2 to 1, Sofala 6, Gambit 7,
Prompto, Santonin and Dewdrop 10.
The deciding course in the puppy stake,
between Belfast and Nancy. Till, will be
run. this afternoon.
The detailed results of the running, with
Judge John Grace's official scores, follow:
Reserve stake— W. H. Hong's Cecil M beat
F. C. Mack's Delia M, 3-2; P. Langan's Mas
ter Buck beat F. Caulfleld's Bocco Girl, 14-8;
T. Meagher's Royalist beat M. B. Kavanagh's
Germany, 14-5; B. Sendennan'a Comique beat
R. S. Herrier's Ellem 12-2; T. Millerick's My
Selection beat Pasha Kennels' Reve d' Amour.
9-3; T. Jolley's Littls May b«at E. Reddy's
Vera, 4-3; Pasha Kennels' Rich Argosy beat
E. Reddy's Duplicate, 3-2; T. Jolley's Toronto
beat F. Rosenberg er's Master Bly 4-1.
Second round — Cecil M beat Master Buck,
4-3; Comlque beat Rcyaltst. 4-2; My Selection
beat Little May, 4-2; Toronto beat Rich Ar
fcosy. 2-0. . .
•Third round— Cecil M beat Comique, 10-4;
Toronto beit My Selection, 9-7.
. Deciding course— Cecil M . beat Toronto. 8-^.
Puppy stake — H. Perigo's Belfast beat Pasha
Kenrels' Roving Arab, 6-1: J. J. Keenan's
Daisy Not beat A. Beronio's Rocklin Beauty,
13-2; J. F. Roger's Erebus beat A. Vanden
l.urgh's Jack Short, 8-4; P. Doyle's Highstep
per a bye, 'Syoodcock Boy withdrawn; E. Mc-
Andrew's Nancy Till beat G. Cook's Spindle
Boy, 14-4; F. Logan's lord French beat D.
loland's Slievenaught Lad, 8-0- J.L. Ross'
Creswick beat Pasha Kennels' Reckless Ad
mirer, 5-2. ¦
Second round — Belfast beat Daisy Not, 36-0;
Erebus beat Highstepper, 10-6; Nancy Till beat
Lord French, 6-1; Creswick a bye.
Third round— Belfast beat- Erebus, 18-0;
Nancy Till beat Creswtck.-J2-2. -- -
Open stake— W. C. de B. Lopez's Pepita beat
W. J. Leonard's Daylight, 6-1; P. M. Clark
son's Prompto beat T. Coleman's Cotton Ball,
C-0; E. Geary's Dathy beat J. Matthews' Rose
wood Lad. 4-2; T. Burke' s John C Heenan
beat P. Scott's Half Moon, 6-1; L. Logomasino's
La Belle a bye, Black Pearl withdrawn: A R.
Curtis' Candelarla beat F. Jones' Harlean
Gladys, 5-0; E. Reddy.'s Full Moon beat O
Zahl's O'Hara, 4-2; E. Geary's Little Jim beat
F. Rosenberger's Lady-Chiquita, 7-5; R B.
Kay's Hawker beat Sterl & Knowles' Iceman,
5-0; M. Dllloa's Challenger, beat G. Sharman's
I Sir Pasha, 3rl; L. M.-,Connell's St. Helen beat
E.. Geary's Roy Hughle, 4-3; A. R. Curtis' Fly
by! Night bjeatM^'Fabey's. Home Buft.vft-0; H.
L .' Mehanj'*s " Bo'xana ' beat ' J. Hurley's 'Riley
Grannan, 5-0: J.' Dempsey f s Jingle Bells b*at
E. Geary's Bonnie. Hughle,. 4-0; C.-O. Peter
son's . Haphazard beat- Pasha' Kennels' Real
Aristocrat. 4-0; F. A. McComb's Royal Rogue
beat D. Toland's Pleasant Girl. "3-1; J. Darling's
Gambit beat R, A. Frink's Fiery Friend 4-0 •»
A, R. Curtis' Vulcan beat Chiarini Bros.' Senl-j
pronius, 10-2; Alamcda Kennels' Clarice beat!
J; Hurley's Shylock Boy. 5-2; J. Trade's Cosey
beat J. Moriarity's Snapper Garrison. 7-4; Chi
arini Bros.' Dewdrop beat E. Geary's Fannie
Hughie, 4-1; J. J. Keenan's Lundtn Links beat
T. Sullivan's Vagrant, 4-3; Alameda Kennels'
Lilac beat M. Nealon's Fred Freedom, 7-3;
Fasha Kennels' Royal Archer beat Chiarini
Bros.' White Hat, 6-2; Chiarini Bros.' Santo
nin beat Pasha Kennels' Regal Attire. 3-0; O.
Zahl's Miss Wilson beat J AV. Fancy's Oc
tober Lad, 4-2; C. G. Whallon's Gllmore beat
E. Bennett's Mosely, 7-1; P. M. Clarkson's So
fsla beat R. B. Kay's Schilling's Best. 4-0; E.
Geary's Fair Oaks beat P. J. Reilly's Honesty.
C-2; L. Logomaslno's Boney Boy beat W.
Creamer's Onward. 4 3-2; C. G. Whallon's Miss
Shirley beat Pasha Kennels' Real Lassie. 4-3;
At-neid Kennels' Fine Fire beat P. M. Clark
son's Miss Brummel,_.4-3. ~ - v • . -r_=--«
Cecil M Carries Off the Hon
ors in the Reserve
. Stake.. ...,-..
Athletic Club's Baseball Team
Shows a Lack . of
Practice.
No Records Are Broken/ but the Performances of the Sprinters, Hurdlers
and Field Men Are Sbtisfabtory to Those Interested---Hundred-Yard
Dash Is Won by Abadie in the Absence of Champion Anthony Cadogan
B- ERKELEY, March 29.— The an- [
nual championship field day of
University of California athletes
was held this afternoon on' the
college cinder path. No records
were broken, but the men performed in a
satisfactory manner. The day was warm
and the absence of any wind made It
especially fine for outdoor sports. •
One of the best races of the day was
the two-mile run/won by S. A. Tibbetts,
a sophomore, in 10:25 1-5, lowering his own
time of 10:39, made . in the freshman- ; ;
sophomore field day of a week aga.^West- , -'
dahl finished j second, some - 907 yards' hi- j !
hind Tibbetts, ' and "Woods - was -third, i ;
about 250, yards in, the rear.' "Eight men ; J
Latter Score One Run
to the Collegians'
Twelve.
English Greyhound Wins
\ His First; Start Here
Impressively.
GAMBIT PROVES
A FAST COURSER
BERKELEY WINS
FROM OLYMPICS
UNIVERSITY OF GALIF0RN1A ATHLETES
COMPETE IN THEIR ANNUAL FIELD DAY
LIVERPOOL MEDAL
FOR GOLFER HOYT
B RITT AGREES
TO FIGHT ERNE
Yosemite Club Will Try
to Bring the Boxers
Together.
Captures Trophy From
Sixteen Players at
Presidio.
Links Are in Splendid Order
and the Weather Fa
vorabla
Prospects Are- Good, for a
Meeting in This City
in May.
Over a course in splendid condition six
teen members of the San Francisco Golf
Club competed yesterday afternoon for
the Liverpool silver medal, which was
last won by Chauncey R. Winslow on New
Year's day. Henry M. Hoyt turned in
the best score of the day— 12, 48; total, SO
for- the eighteen holes. Dr. T. G. Mc-
Conkey was a good second, with 45, 48;.
total, S3. Captain D. J. Rambaugh,.S. L.
Abbot Jr., F. H. Beaver, W. Leslie
Comyn, Dr. Spencer, Dr. J. R. Clark,
Charles F. Mullins, W. H. La Boyteaux
and J. S. Severance also went round the
course twice, but made no returns. The
full details are shown in the table:
TCUEXAMEN'T FOR LIVERPOOL ¦ SILVfiR
MEDAL.
First Second
Competitors — . . Routd. Round. "Total.
Heury M. Hoyt.... 42 48 W)
Dr. T. G. McCoakey..,.. 45 . 48 - «3
Wortlilngrton Ames '51 • 50 101
J. Hubert Mee 01 51 102
'Leonard Chencry 52 51 ' 1<U
Louis F. Uonteaglo...... 56 4ft 103
Warren Gregory .53 53 . 106
H. C. Breeden 57 50 107
A. C. Bingrham 61 55 116 '
National League Baseball Fight.
NEW YORK, March 29.— Justice Truax
In the Supreme Court to-day handed down
a decision in the National League base
ball fight overruling a demurrer made by
the Spalding interests against proceedings
begun by Freeman. The decision gives
Spalding leave to withdraw the demurrer
and to enter an answer to the complaint
on payment of costs.
James E. Britt Jr. has decided to stake
his reputation as a boxer on one big fight.
He has selected as his opponent Frank
Erne, the lightweight champion of the
world.
Erne made the advances for the match
some weeks since and a telegram of ac
ceptance was forwarded to him yesterday
at Buffalo. . .- , ' •-,.."
If he accepts the terms . offered the ,bout
will be promoted. by. the ¥osemlte~ Club
In the latter part of May, the men weigh
ing 133. pounds at the ringside. An answer
is expected to-day. Erne went out of his
class and was defeated by,McQovern and
2>y Rube Ferns. In neither of theseidld
ho lose the lightweight championship.
. Britt with his manager and with Spider
Kelly, his second, went over the situation
thoroughly yesterday. The agreement to
fight Erne was the result. -
. Erne fought- in Chicago a week ago
and at the time it was reported he had
injured two of his ribs. As he has made
a match since .then with Joe Gans, 1t 23
hardly likely he was badly injured. Here
is what Lou Houseman of the Chicago
Inter Ocean says of his performance with
Gus Gardner: . , . . . V
"Erne's showing against Gardner gave
evidence that he nas not retrograded. He
is as fast as ever with both. hands, and
the snap and vim of his punches spoke
volumes for the hitting powers of the man
who delivered them. His left-hand Jabs
go straight to the mark with telling ac
curacy and force, and the bewildering
rapidity with which he shifts his attack
from face to body, and vice versa, is a
thing to be remembered." '¦>r/),.w
FORSTER. an
ff added starter in the $200) Pacific
ll . Union handicap at one and an
eighth miles, gave the Saturday
throng of racegoers at Oakland a
etvere fhakiug up yesterday by beating
the 7 to 19 favorite. The Giver, for the
rich .take. !
The Schorr colt appeared to be almost I
lritndkss, closing in some of the books]
at odd* of 35 to L Green Morris did not}
start Homestead, and this left but The j
Giver, Walerseraich and Royalty.! At the j
last moment Escaiante and Commissioner J
Forster were added. Waterseratch car- 1
ried Id7 pounds, equal weight with the
Eimwo<58 Farm representative, bat his \
chances were not considered extremsiy J
bright, and The Giver, with Ranscn up, 1
vent to the post at oaas of'? to 10. :
Luinscb ir.i..-t U2.fi ima.{fined he was •
scaled on ttic- back ci Sally 1100 Bey. He !
laid away with his mount in fourth posi- j
tlon While Escalante and Waterscraicn j
utre cutting out tne pace. In the stretch j
Larry Daly picked up the running with j
Gcmimssioner Forster, and, stalling off
the tardy run of The Giver, won by half I
a icngth in 1:54. Four lengths back Wat- !
fcrecnitch took show honors. . 1
- t'avoxite^ encountered rough weather
throuxhout the afternoon. Free Lance be
ing the omy :5hort-pi-iced horse to take a
r«um-. AiSfona. from the Burns & Water
bouso stable, defeated Barney Schrelber's
crack lliiy, Sy*via Talbot. in the fastest
run race «»f the season, and Hilee laid
av. ay a cluster of speedy ones In a sprint.
The betting; riny was packed and all of
llio books did a nourishing business.
Free Lance won another purse as easily
es rolling a rock down Telegraph Hill.
Harry Stover's horse went to the post a
11 to 1!) f.svoritc for the opening mile run,
ai:d Icr.dinR almost from Ihe start beat
The Or.ffer Lands down. Phil Archibald 1
trn« tht/d. 1
Ransch handled Alonso. the "Yeilow
KJd," to porl cri Ion in the half mile dasn,
downing Sylvia Tnlbot a ntck. in 48 s«c
ondF. The Schreiber filly led from ihe
start, and was not collared until tue pad
dock w«s reached. Then, in a hard drive,
the io&t out by a neck. High < hanc^llor
r&n a fuaiikins «ood race, after beins
OAKLAND BACETBACK— Saturday, March 29.— Weather fine. Track fast.
3515. FIRST RACE — One mile; celling; three -year r oldg and up: to first. $325. " r >;,
Index iHbrse. Age. Weight.' St. %. %. Str. Fin. Ownar and Jockey. Op. Cl".
(3503)|Free Lance, a 1141 2 4 % In 12 14 W. Ketcheman.. Jackson 6-5 11-10
3417 The Gaffer. 4 107 7 3 2 5 12 1 2 1 J. H. Simpson See 15 30
(S42C) Ftall Archibald. 4.. 110 1 2n 4 1 3n J 114 J. M. Crane..... Troxler 5-2 9-2
.3127 Meadow Lark. a.. Ill 3 61 «2 4146 Elmwood Farm..Ransch 10" 15
3426 Mlrar. « 112 6 8 7 n 5 2 51 . Mrs. Jones & Co..Foucon -8 9
3467 Ned Dennis, 5 111 4 1 1 - 2 2 '- 6 h *6 1 Piedmont Stable.. Conley - 4 C
S*S1 Irmte. 4 105 871 8 • '7 1 72 Buff"tn & McAtec.Rown 20— 20
32SS |Bob Palmer. 4 107 6 5 2 3h 8 S W. H. Me Names ...Hoar 15 . 25
Time — >4. :£5*s: »*. :50; »i, 1:16; mile. 1:42. Good start. Won easily.. Second and third
driving. Winner. W. H. Ketcheman's ch. h. by Cavalier-Lady Alice. Winner best. Phil
¦ArchibaldbeUeronaheavytrack:. j^ife* 1 *.: _ D en °l« none toe game.
251O. SECOND RACE — Four furlongs; two -year- olds; to first. $325. '.¦',-
Index jHorse and Y.'eight. St. 1 . Ml %. Etr. Fin. Owner and Jockey. . Op? Cl.
3192 jAlsono 110 5 ... 32 21 In Burns & Waterhs..Ranch 6 0
(34J>2) Sylvia Talbot. ...115 4 .. ... 14 12 2 2 B. Schreiber Troxler 6-5 8-10
3410 High Chancellor. .113 2 ... 8 2 5 10 3 1 • Chlnn & Fcrsyth.. Conley 2 18-8
S4»2 IAxt.w Rice 112-3 ... 42 42 4 4 ' W. L. Stanfleld. .Foucon 6 15
C.4M) Arabo 113 1 ... - 2a .32 B 16 W. B. Jennings.. L. Daly 5 8
3492 ISecco 1C5 C ... 6 6 6 G. . W. Scott ... Winslette .100 500
Time— «4. :24; H. :4S. Fair start. - Won first three driving.- Winner. Burns & -WaterhousVs
ch. g. by Altamtx-Sonoml*. Alsono stood a drive gamely. High Chancellor would .have
won ha.d he not been badly cut off by Lizzk? Rice i«oon after the start. Arabo swerved In ¦•?
the etretch. Scratched — Levant 108. . -. . . . . ._
3517. THIRD RACE: — Seven furlongs; celling; three-year-olds and up; to first, |325r;- • - • ; •
IndexjHorse, Age. Weight. St. %. H. Str.' Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. CI.
3430 I Limelight. 6 :..... 106 6 2 n 2111 1% Magrane & Co... Troxler - 4 11-2
3470 Sc. for ScandaL 4.107 3 C 4 61 5 1 22 J. Weber.... Stuart 6-5 6-5
34S5 El Pilar. 3 101 5 3 *£ 3 h 2 h 3 2 Burns & Waterhs.. Ranch 8 6
3215 Novia. a.. 10* 7 42 4n 4^ 44 Brown & Co Brodlen 20 30
3:182 |The Hoofloo. 4....101 8 7 1 5 h 7 1 5 2 T. H. Ryan. .Jloar 15 15
335a iDawson. 3 80 1 9 » 8 2 « 1 W. B. Sink Jr Knapp 15 20
3371 ilnocencia, 3 100 9 82 8n9 7n O. W. Baldwin. .L.. Daly 12 30
3467 Silver Fizz." 5 1O« 2 Sn 7 2 6 «4 8 1 P. Corrigan Gisbom 6 10
3145 !St. Rica. 4 103 4 1 l',j 1 1 3 h 9 J. P. AUtln. .. ..Jackson 6 5
Time— y. :13»4: \$, :50: %. 1:15; v4. 1:25. Fair start Won handily. Second and third
driving. Winner. W. P. Magrane & Co.'s b. g. by Quickllme-Soubrette II. . Winner re
ceived better handling than the favorite. El Pllar would have won had he not been cut off
on a couple of occasions. The Hoodoo showed considerable speed. Silver Fizz led at one
stage, but gave' !t up. St. Rica ran a nice race as far as he went. Scratched — Lief Prince
104. Morengo 104. Porous 105. • . _. ,_ _-
«518. FOL'RTHj, RACE — 1»6 miles; Pacific Union handicap; three-year-olds; to first, $1600^
I \ ' • Betting. ¦
Index ;Horse and Weight |SL %. %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. . Cl.
2S12 'Com. Forster 100J 5 4 2 3 2 Hi 1 Va }J. F. Schorr L Daly 15 3'j
<:^«)!Thc Giver 107 3 31 42 21 24 Elrawood Farm.. .Ransch 4-5 7-10
<r.4W»)j\VateMfcratch 1071 I 2 3 2 1 3 V* 8 3 ISummers & Co.. Troxler 2 3
£502 iE«caiante ,.l(Ct\ 4 l'Jll 41 45 JBaldwln & Co. ». Ransom 15 to
<34»7»JRoyalty .951 2 5 5 5 5 |W. B.^lnkjrj^VJat-kson 4 ¦ 5
Tlm<f— V 4 , :23; %. :51; %, 1:16; m. 1:42: lHm. 1:51. Good «tart. Won first three driving.
Winner, J. F. Schorr's ch. <;.• by Llnden-Peninah. Forster showed improvement, lisnsch
on th« favorite tack mattors too easily and was fooled. Escalante quit. Scratched
Homestead 125. - ( '; •?'!•¦ '.-» & '
35IO. FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and up; to first. $S25. '
Zaflexj Horse. Age. Welght.iSt. %. %. - Str. Fin. ( Own«-r and Jockey. I Op. Cl'.
<.'^02)|HHce. 5 1061 2 Tn Ti Ts 1 2 W. W. Elliott.... Troxler " 4 0^2
(."^(.2)!Prln. Titania, 4. .1011 4 3n 2123 20 Caesar Yonng....J.ickson 2 -11-5
8440 JThe Pride. C 1CSI 3 4 1 4 1 '3 1 3 2 T. H. Ryan .....Ransch 8-5 2
31S3 Milac. 3 100 0 62 51.42 42 Jennings & Co..L. Daly 10 12
M77 Frank Bell. 6 110 5 52 6 10 51 58. O'Neal & Co Foucon 10 20
3013 Glendrnnlng. 3... 100 1; 2 2 3 l"i « 5 6 5 Montana Stable.. Fauntly 7 10
Ellle Glenn. 4 1081 7 7. 8 72 .7 1 71 E. M. James. . ..Frawley 200 BOO
ZS3» Intrepido. 4 104| 8 8 8 8 8 McGuire_&_Hugheg.Brod| 200 * 500
Time — »4, :2t; %" :48K; %. 1:13%. ~ Good start Won first three driving. Winner. W. W.
Elliott's b. g. by Himyar-Grace Lee. Hilee is fresh and fast. .Princess was well ridden.
The Pride Was not. Glendennlng quit 8cratchtd — John Peters 07, Slap Dash 103, Sly 110,
Moabina 90. ...
3X2O. SIXTH RACE— Seven furlongs: three-ycar-o'.ds; to first, $325. .
IndcxiHorse and Wcisrht.|St. %. %. fctr. Kin. J Owner and Jockey. J Op? **&'.
3*?7 (IloM-aho HO*! 7 -33 In 1%15 IW. H. Kctcheman:.Jcksn! -i"> &
'jiU' iVftMtllo .109| 5 2 n 3 >4 2 n 2 1 Pkdmont Stable.. Conley 3 2
34W 'L«'nto 110 2 51 Oh 55 3h Noll & Dlazer.... Ransch 5 10
3407 ID wight Way 107 <! 4 1 52 4 2 4 3 V. Gilbert . ,Fauntl<>roy 15 30
3479 Prct-.ano : 107 3 6 4 4 1% ?. 4 5 5 J. Conway L. Daly 4-5 11-10
«47« jPirate Maid 105! 4 1 \% 2 n 6 1 6 8 C. W. Chappell/. .Stuart 30 20
S4.C7 «1>S*1 Maxim 107j 17 7 7*7 Jonos & Co... Hoar ' 15 15
Time — hi. :25;'v.. :5l; '4. 1:13^; %. 1:2S. Poor start. Won easily.' Second anfl third driv
ing. Winner. W. H. Ketcheman's b. c. by Iroquoi»"-Sif Jr. Winner beet. '.Vasallo cut oft
on^o in the ttrotch. Lento closed well. Prestano quit. ; .;..-•
30
THE ..SAN FRANCISCO GALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 30, 1902.
¦ •.-•'. C . ? Delicacy. .• p
: : ¦•¦ • If; .?! %s ssMjfSi
¦ r; v °o 5= £3" - p£
CONTESTANTS. •;> S^ o| -.o . ' 2" • §2
: * : . S-, S '' ?/ :;"p
E, A, Mocker. ...I 0S|S5.s|s3 170.2 is:'.:T 165.9
H Battu.. :..... S5|M).4)Sa |S().10|Sl.ll]T2.1
O C. Edwards.. ,W'.il.<«.- {s.;:4 I8a.2.i»7.6
W. K. Brooks 08*01.; ]7:).S|!«t.lO 80. .'5 |1V.'.
H.E. Skinner... ....iSS |SS.4iT".O ....
H' C. Golcher.... 122(01. SSJMf t.SO.10 8«^5'|..:.
T. W. Brotherton 106|Dl.St03:S|.%> v 0* 8S.1 1 05.1
T. C. Kterulff... 80)6:5.4 00. S T5 ;• 82*10 .*.:.;
P. J. Tfjrmcy.... 7tl 7.1.8 '.*.'. ...: . ...;. .. :.
v. ii. Reed...... oolao.srtT" T5.io.sc;5 :.:.
J. Uawrenoe...:.j.;..|7;:.4!S3 ti«.10!72.11 ....
W." D. Mansneld.|....i0i.S8S"i77.0 [S2.0 |i)3 ( 8
¦ •.-•'. C . ? Delicacy. .• p
: : ¦•¦ • If; .?! %s ssMjfSi
¦ r; v °o 5= £3" - p£
CONTESTANTS. •;> S^ o| -.o . ' 2" • §2
: * : . S-, S '' ?/ :;"p
E, A, Mocker. ...I 0S|S5.s|s3 170.2 is:'.:T 165.9
H Battu.. :..... S5|M).4)Sa |S().10|Sl.ll]T2.1
O C. Edwards.. ,W'.il.<«.- {s.;:4 I8a.2.i»7.6
W. K. Brooks 08*01.; ]7:).S|!«t.lO 80. .'5 |1V.'.
H.E. Skinner... ....iSS |SS.4iT".O ....
H' C. Golcher.... 122(01. SSJMf t.SO.10 8«^5'|..:.
T. W. Brotherton 106|Dl.St03:S|.%> v 0* 8S.1 1 05.1
T. C. Kterulff... 80)6:5.4 00. S T5 ;• 82*10 .*.:.;
P. J. Tfjrmcy.... 7tl 7.1.8 '.*.'. ...: . ...;. .. :.
v. ii. Reed...... oolao.srtT" T5.io.sc;5 :.:.
J. Uawrenoe...:.j.;..|7;:.4!S3 ti«.10!72.11 ....
W." D. Mansneld.|....i0i.S8S"i77.0 [S2.0 |i)3 ( 8
ELECTRICITY IS LIFE
. Strong Men Are ; r^JjlWJP^S^^^^^^wBW Weak M^n Are Lack-
J^OOTOBS ALL OVEK fHE WOELD ARE NOW TALKING KLECTftlOITT. AND ARS OSISO IT W ONB FOB* Ott ABOTBBS. TH»
. ir the direct outcome of the recent announcements of the worid'a greatest scientists,' aoad is a practical adsriaataion awpart
of physicians of the power of Electricity over drugs as a euratire agent. ¦¦'¦.¦¦- ¦'¦'
,./,; I.haye known for twenty years that drugs could not restore strength. My knowlodso waa obtxiiMsi from •ataaframtuctmtei
thousands of people who had tried drugs in every form, and th«y were worse off thin befow they started ¦f^nil-* "W^ *«ft;
drugs cure? If the stoam in" an^ eneine has run down, will oiling the p*rta make Ct so? No. ;: T«w out set up man Keaa.
Druga have no more effect pnthe body than oil on an engine. Electricity can, and does, make the body go jast a* It jnckoraj»-
chine. go. I have proven in 50.000 cases that .Electricity is the substance" of life and organic vitality, and have perfected the
b ««t known means of^eplenishlng this force in th« body when it is lost. My Electrto Belt ia the natoral result of scieafctac
»tudy f coupled with skill. : t The,re can be no pain r or weakness where my appliacce is used. , ., ' • »
.?-^ e current supplied by this appliance enters the body in a glowing stream of vitalising heat, so gentle Oat Urn servnu^E
vital organs absorb^ it as freely an a hungry babe drinks milk. . This force is added to the natural power generated by taa atcaa-
?ch; It saturates every vital part and soon transforms the debilitated body into a natural storage battery, whlca reoenktes-tts <n»«j
-.iealth,and;closefl the doors forever to dl3ea8e:anaacb!llty. • ¦;..:• ...
¦ ; , \P T - )McLaugWin's book is published for free "distribution- to those interested in the development of vijoKma health in mm
for *it T?Sy Inclos?nJ^thf^ad ? lustI : ate 4 * ndde8^b 8 s hli method-of treatment and appliances."- Sent sealed ftm oa request. S*«i
b it Win be C -on" R to 1! -ou ElcCtrl % Belt ha " a cure la evcry town -- u P« n request *he names of your neighbors who have been cored
. ? .¦CAUTION.-^-I have. to -caution you against a certain advertisement offer: ~ "an electric belt free." Ofeovne it ia a <m*n
«d^Sr^^ medicine C'a D.;w aea you wxfte.
IRC M E MfliilfiHI IN 702 MARKET ST., SAN FRANCISCO, CAL
I Hoars-8 a, m. to 8 p. m. Sundays, 10 to 1.HOSTESS AND GUEST OF HONOR AND SOME OF THE WOMEN PRES
ENT AT THE RECEPTION GIVEN TO THE RETIRING PRESIDENT
OF OAKLAND'S FAMOUS EBELL SOCIETY.
Special Programmes Are Arranged
for the College Town -Houses
of "Worship.
BERKELEY, March 29.— Special ser
vices will be - held In tho Berkeley
SERVICES . IN" BERKELEY.
Easter icrvlces at 3 :30 o'clock p. n. : / Ad
dress by the Rev. T. J. Lacey, rector of
Chrl»t'a Church, Alameda : anthems by male
quartet and vested boys' choir of Christ's
Church: solo by Miss Mlenon Judaon of San
Francttco; duet - by Messrs. Rowlands ani
Perry; orchestra, leader, St. Elmo M. Powell.
Y. M. C. A.
Organ prelude, "March for a Church Festi
val" (W. T. Best). Miss Kellogg: string quar
tet. "Andante and Minuet" • (Mozart) : congre
gational hymn. "Lo, the Earth Is Risen
Again" (Samuel Longfellow): prayer by the
senior minister: full chorus. "The Heavens
Are Telline," from "The Creation" (Haydn):
responsive service, "I Will Lift Ud Mine
Eyes." led by the Junior minister; male quar
tet, "No Power on Earth Shall Sever My Soul
From Truth Forever" (Klnkel): announce
mente: congrcKatlon.il hymn, "It Slngeth Low
ln Every Heart" (J. W. Chad wick): sermon by
the Rev. Benjamin Fay Mills on "Life After
Death"; offertory, "Canzonetta" (Mendel
ssohn), string quartet: reception of new mem
bers: dismissal: postlude. "March of the
Priests," from "Atiiclle" (Memlelssohn). Mian
Kellogg. •
The choir has a chorus of twenty-flve voices,
including the following soloists: Miss Florins
Juillerate, Mrs. F. A. Wasley, Mrs. Charles
Poulter, Miss Annie Flint. Mrs. O. K. Mo-
Murray and Messrs. Gould, Robert Hughes.
W. D. Hunter, H. W. Baldwin. The regular
director of music, D. P. Hughes, will pieslde
over the choir, and Miss A. Kellogg will, be
organist. . The choir will be reinforced by a
ttrlng quartet, consisting of K. Buckley and
D. Hughes, violins; Mr. Hayn, viola, und F.
Howard, 'cello; also by a male quartet, con
sisting of W. D. Hunter, H. M. Hughes, H.
\V. Baldwin and Gould. The programme of the
service will be as follows:
Great preparations are being mads for the
festal service Easter morning at 10:30 o'clock,
in the First iUnltarlan Church. B. Fay Mills
and i George Fuller, ministers. The decorations
will be exceptionally fine, fome of the best
Dower gardens and conservatories of Oakland
and vicinity having volunteered to send con
tributions. . • .
First TJnltarianl
Catholic churches to-morrow morning at 10:30
o'clock, with special music by augmented
choirs. All of th« choir <Hrectors have ar
ranged for elaborate vocal and Instrumental
numbers_in connection with the solemn cele
bration ln commemoration of the resurrection
of the Savior. ¦
Superior line of furniture at very low prices.
H. Schellhaas', Oakland. •
OAKLAND. March 29.— The funeral of
the late Shepard B. Boyce, junior member
of the former grocery firm of Harrison &
Boyce. who died yesterday after a long
illness, will be held to-morrow afternoon
at 2 o'clock from Elks' Hall under direc
tion of Oakland Lodge of Elks. Mr. Boyce
went to Nome during the mining excite
ment and waa stricken with his last Ill
ness shortly after he returned last Sep
tember. He was 3S years of age and a na
tive of England. He leaves no family.
Death of Old Merchant.
1118 Broadway. March 29. -
' Henry P. Dalton resents the imputation
in the supplemented complaint of D. Ed
ward Collins that he has been negotiating
blank orders with J. B. Lanktree bo that
ho could get money on county printing ln
advance and xnako th© Oakland Enquirer
Publishing Company suffer, to the ulti
mate injury ot Mr. Collins. Replying In
a demurrer to the complaint, E'ulton has
this to say:
"The plaintiff does .not show how he
can appeal to a court of equity for a de
cree and at the same time Insert ln his
complaint a statement of alleged fact*,
which are utterly and entirely Impropor
and have no standing therein and allege
no damage to the plaintiff or the corpora
tion, and appear to have been inserted for
the purpose of venting the venom and
spite of some one connected with the case,
or' of some one who is dictating the policy
of the prosecution."
The demurrer finds fault with nearly
every paragraph ln the complaint, though
the alleged ambiguities are the same aa
those pointed out In the demurrer to the
original complaint— that which expresses
disbelief in the statements of Dr. George
C. Pardee at his deposition— the demurrer
says it is not clear on what the plaintiff
ba'ses his disbelief.
Attorneys Ash and Richardson, for Mr.
Collins, gave notice to-day that they will
take the deposition of G. B. Daniels, man
ager of the Enquirer, before Judge Greene
next' Saturday. ' )j ,'»..-¦
Sale of furniture and household articles at
H. Schellhaas', Eleventh street, Oakland, •
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
Says Some One I3 Dictating
\:O Policy of Collins' Lit
igation.
Declares Assault on His
Integrity Nothing
but Venom.
DALTON RESENTS
THE IMPUTATION
Boman Catholic Churches.
High mass will be celebrated' at all of the
MORNING, j-..;'.
Organ prelude, '"Allelujah" (Loret); chorus
."God - Hath Appointed - a ¦ Day" ¦ (Tours) ;. harp
solo.'Madam Carusl; anthem, "As It_ Began to
Dawn". (Schnecker); barytons . boIo, VEaster
First Presbyterian.
Choir. "Oh,. Sing Unto the Lord" (Buck),
"The Risen Lord" . . (Greene), '.'The Lord Relgn
eth" ¦ (Schnecker). Members of the choir — Mr3.
A;-J. Bradley, Mrs. W. P. Ransome. Mrs. S.
W.'A5drich...Mrs. S. ; H. McKeen. Mrs. F. P.
Howland, Mrs. .C.' C. Borton, Miss May Brown,
Miss Edna Cunard, ¦ Miss Eva Williams, , Miss
!Anna Plcpenberg, Mlas Estslle Matheson, Mia^
Margaret L. Oakes, A.' J. Bradley, H. H. Grib
ben..C.,C..Borton: George Pollitt, organist; W^
i J.' Oakes, choir director.
EVENING.
Choir. "Christian, the Morn Breaks Sweetly"
(Shelley);- solo, "Fear Ye Not," Oh Israel"
(Buck),* Miss May Brown; cholr.\VWho Is This
That Cometh From" Eden ?V-(Tebbs).'"N« - «- '
TTnioa-Street Presbyterian.
MORNING. .
•Organ prelude. . "But the. Lord is Mindful of
His . Own" ' ¦- : (Mendelssohn) ; anthem, ,','Crown
Him ' D% r erlastlng . , King" (Warren) ; prayer;
hymn 241; soprano. solo, "The Dawn of Hope"
(Krogmann), Miss Julia Johnson; hymn 159;
anthem,; "They Have Taken Away My 'Lord"
(Stainer) prayer, "God to
Whom We -Look Up; Blindly" :(Chadwick); of
ferings;'"offertory, "The> Love •" of. Christ"
(Emarson);-: hymn .- 149: ."benediction;*- triple,
amen; organ postlude, "Priests', March' '.' (Men
delssohn). ¦.¦ tmm&g»gwMB>fe
EVENING.'
" Organ prelude. -'"Gloria" In C (Mozart) ;. "Te
Deum"- in • F (Shepard); 1 -liturgical .service;
Scripture reading; hymn 239; prayer;. hymn SOS;
Bermon; offerings; . offertory, . "Hail!- .Easter
Morn", (D. P. Hughes). Miss Julia Johnson,
violin obligato, Mrs. E.- N. Ewer; confirmation;
communion service: hymn 149; benediction:
triple amen; organ postlude in C (Anon), s
First English Lutheran.
-. V.; MORNINGS
Organ voluntary; doxology; invocation: an
them. "Praise the Lord" (Randcgger); hymn;
Apostles' creed, ¦ congregation standing; prayer;
rei-ponsivo reading. : Psalm Dfl: "Gloria," choir
and congregation; anthem. "On the First Day"
(Lynes); Scripture reading;' notices and collec
tion: contralto solo. "Angela Roll the Rock
Away" (Hawlcy), Mrs. Mabel Walker Murcell;
sermon by the pastor. "A Result of the Resur
rection": anthem^ "Alleluia" (Mlllard); hymn
932 ; benediction ; organ • pos tlude ; organist,-, Mrs.
MORNING.
¦ Organ prelude, "Chorus. of Ancels" (Clark) ;
hymn 260;-prayer; recitative. \ "As It Began to
Dawn" (Shepard); aria, "Fear Not Ye". (Bhep
ard): "Angels. Roll the Rock Away"'(Shep
ard); offertory, "Amaryllii", (Ghys); "I Am
the - Resurrection" (Stearns): "On the First
Day : of the Week" (Foster) ; "The i Day ¦ of
Resurrection" (Campbell); "What - Are .These
Which Are Arrayed in White Robes" (Shep
ard); "My Hope Is in the Everlasting" (Stain
er); "Awake Thou That Sleepest" (Stainer);
remarks by the pastor; hymn 241;. benediction;
postlude. priests' march from "Athalla" ; (Men
dclspohn). ... ¦ . - - - :
Eighth- Avenue Methodist Episcopal. .
EVENING.
- 'Organ prelude. "Andante," •• in ' F; "Dox
ology": "Creed"; festival "Te Deum,'-' in .E.
flat (Buck); psalm 103; "Gloria"; Scripture;
prayer; hymn 220; offertory, "Traumerel"
(Schumann); "The Resurrection" -(Shelley):
sermon. Bishop John W. Hamilton; prayer;
hymn 010; benediction ; postlude (Fairlamb).
First Iffethodist Episcopal.
MORNING.
EVENING.
•In the -evening the orchestra of fourteen
pieces under the - leadership -of Chester' W.
Hunt 'twill -hav» charge of tha music. Mrs.
Mabel Walker Murcell will sing "Easter Eve':
(Gounod); Mrs. :Darthua Miller. Hotlo will sing
"Beyond. tho Gates of Paradise." . ' ¦>.
¦William Bibby; choir director, C. M. Emerson..
Pre.ytr, 7:30 o'clock; processional. "The
Strife la. O'er. Victory," '121; "Versl
cles" "Magnificat," ef ttlng In F ' (Bun
rett); "Nunc Dimtttls" (Barry), 97; of
fertcry anthem. "The Son of God ¦ Goes Forth
to War" (Arthur Pace); benediction choral,
"For the Love of Jesus" (Stainer). No. 20, v.
EVENING.
The children's Easter caror service. 3:30
o clock: *hort address by th* rector; offertory
•?J ff «V*7 Know That My Redeemer Liveth"
(Handel). Master Leslie Taylor; cornetlst. Wil
liam UcBain.
Churcli of th^Advent.
MORNING.
Holy Communion, 8 o'clock: morning pray«r
and Holy Communion, 11 o'clock. •
Processional, "The Strife Is O'er. Victory "
121: "Christ Our Passover" (Fischer), 140
,if-oria Patrl": "Te Deum," setting- in E flat
(Ean-ett); "Jubilate Deo" «Hopklns), Kl- | n 
troit hymn. "Jesus Lives" (St. Alblnus) ' 122-
Kyrie ' (Gounod), 159; "Gloria Tibi" (Pax
ton), l£5; anthem, "Awake Up My Glorv"
(Barnby); offertory solo, "The Lord Is Risen"
(Baraby), Mrs. Charles B. ailllp, violin obli
gato. War* Esterly; "Cursum Corda, "" "Sanc
tue. "Agnus Dei," "Gloria in Excelsii"
l n *!. " at (Woodward); recessional, "At- the
Wind > «-cr) I "l* l R Fcast ' We Blne " <St - Gcor «e'».
AFTERNOON'. • . <f?
• Solemn procession. "Hail! Festal Day"- "in.
trolt. Psalm 3" (Gregorian); "Kyrie" (Gilbert)
sequence hymn 121, "Alleluia, the Strife ia
O'er" (Palestrina); "Gloria Tlbi" and "Credo"
In E flat (W. A. C. Crulckshank) ; hymn 110
"Come. Ye Faithful" (A. 8. Sullivan); sermon!
Kev. Martin H. Ray: offertory anthems (a)
"They Have Taken Away My Lord" (Sir J
Stainer), (b) "Break Forth Into Joy" (S)r J*
Barnby); "Suraum Corda" (Cantug Solemnls)'
"Fanctus." "Benedictus Qui Venit." "Airnus
Eei" and "Gloria in Excelsis" In E flat (W A
C. Cruickshank) ; eucharistla hymn 227 " "A"
Saving Victim"; "Sevenfold Amen" (J. Stai
ner); "Nunc DSmlttls, chant (J. Barnby); hymn
112. "Jeeus Christ Is Risen To-day" (Wor
ran). Jchn.de P. Teller, organist and choir
master. .-¦; .• •
St. John's Episcopal.
HIGH CELEBRATION— 11 A. M
panne eatln,. tho transparent yoke and
sleeves being heavily embroidered in
black and silver.
Mrs. K. Yorker wore black grenadine,
satin striped, with a Jetted yoke over
white satin. •
. Mrs. B. J. Cotton's gown was of green
satin-striped grass cloth, tho accordion
plaited flounce around the. skirt being
finished with several rows of black baby
ribbon. Black Chantilly laco-was ap
pliqued on tho skirt "and on the bodice.
Miss Alma Brown wore a dainty gown
of blue and pink pompadour silk, with
white lace yoke.
Mrs. L. F. Cockroft was attired ln a
pink cloth gown trimmed with tiny ruffles
pf white chiffon and black 'velvet.
Mrs. Paul Lohsa wore white crepe cloth,
striped with purple and trimmed with
point d'esprit and purple ribbons.
Mrs. Lawson Adams appeared ln ' one
of her trousseau gowns, an exquisite af
fair ln gray cloth, stylishly trimmed with
velvet polka dots and white satin stitched
with black.
Mrs. John Russ wore a handsome gown
of black lace and Jet.
Mrs.G. W. Fisher's gown was of pur
ple foulard, with white lace yoke..
Mrs. Wells Whittemore was becomingly
attired in a princess robe pf blue satin
and white lace. "¦¦ -. '
Miss Jennie Hull wore black point
d'esprit over black silk.
Mrs. M. C. Chapman wore a rich blue
foulard, with trimmings- of black velvet
and white lace.
Mrs. E. iL. Dow also wore blue, a dainty
EVENING.
Oraran -prelude,- ¦ ,"Volx Celest" (Batiste)
chorus. /"Unfold. Ye < Portals" (Gounod); con
tralto eolor "Christ Is Risen" (Streletzkl); ban
solo, Mme.Carusl; anthem, "Why Seek Ye th<
Living"- (Stainer) ; cello solo, "Cantilena'
(Goltermann), Frank Howard: .barytone eolc
and chorus, "Hosanna" (Granler), with harj
accompaniment and " cello obligato; sopranc
solo, ,VAgnus- Dei"- (Bizet), organ and harp ac
companiment, violin obligato; chorus poetlude,
Toccata from •Symphony 5 (Widor).by request;
solo quartet — Mrs. - Carrie Brown Dexter, so
prano; Mrs. ¦ Grace 'Dickmsn, contralto; I. E,
Dean, tenor; Mr. : Rowlands bays and choir
master; Miss Mabel Hill, organist.
Eve" (Gounod); soprano solo,' "Day of Days'
(Vandewaters) ;. chorus, "Gloria In Excelsis"
(Gounod), harp and organ accompaniment. ; .
Mrs, Kato A. Bulkley, Mrs. L. F. Cockroft
Miss Jennie Huff,' Mrs. J. W. McClymonds
Mrs. M. C. Chapman. Mrs. W. O. Cullen Miss
Evelyn Craig. Miss Elizabeth Gray. Mrs Harry
Hlnckley, Mrs. A. B. Nye, -Miss Maude Pope,
Mrs. i A. D. Sharon. Mrs. Paul Lohse, Mrs.
Elizabeth Dow, Yorker. Mrs. James L Crlt
tenden, Mrs. ¦ Prentiss Selby. Mrs.' John Rusa.
Miss Georgia Strong, Miss - Mamie Huff, Mips
Harriet E. Kelley, Miss Ethelynd McClymonds,
M1S3 Mabel Thayer Gray, Mrs. -Vernon Wald
ron. Mrs. T. C. Coogan, Mrs. H. B. Plnney,
Mrs. E. J. Cotton. Mies Alma Brown. Mrs.
E. L. Dow. Mrs. E. M. Herrick. Mrs. J. A.
Johnson, Mrs. F. E. Pope, Mrs. George Shaw,
Mrs.- Lawson S. Adams Jr.. Mrs. A: J. Ralston,
Mrs. C. H. King, Mrs. Wells •Whlttemore, Mrs.
Philip Bowles, MrtT. C. D. Pierce. Mrs. G. W.
Fisher, Mrs. George .Woodbury • Bunnell, Mrs.
Milton ¦ Bulkley and Miss Geraldlne Scupham.
organdie, trimmed with narrow black vel
vet ribbon.
Miaa Mauri Edith Pope wore a beautiful
gown\of pale green crepo de chine, with
white lnce butterflies, appllqucd on both
skirt and bodice. The yoke and half
eleeves were of white lace.
Miss Mabel Tliayer Gray .wore a pink
crepe gown, with a white lace yoke and
trimmings of narrow black velvet.
Mrs. George W. Bunnell was attired ln
a black satin gown.
/¦Mrs. Prentiss Selby wore a gray and
black foulard, trimmed with black lace.
Mrs. '. Milton Bulkley was gowned ln a
becoming costume of . tan cloth, with
white silk braid.
Mrs. George Shaw wore a stylish gown
of green cloth, with a touch of white.
Those who assisted Mrs. Curtiss to-day
ln receiving were: . . .
EVENING.
Sennen omitted. Processional. "Christ, tho
Lord. Is Risen To-day" (Mozart); "Gloria
Patrf" (Gadsby); "Magnificat." in D (Gadsbv);
"Nunc DlmitUs," in D (Gadsby); hymn, "Alk'
& *t ! <S^. U l V^ n)^ ol^f tonr ' " My R^eemer and
My Lord (Back). Miss Florence Ryder- "Pre
sentation of Alms" (Anon); "Sanctus" from
"Messe Solennelle (Gounod); tenor solo "The
Resurrection" (Shelley), G. A. Hall : anthem,
"God Hath Appointed a. Day" (Tours); eoprano
polo. "Hosanna" (Granier). Miss B*ulah
George, violin obligato, Miss Gertrude Hibberd
anthem "Th»y Have Taken Away My Lord"
(Stainer); contralto solo, "Immortality" (Shep-
Md), Miss Grace Carroll; retrocessional. "All
Hail! the Power of Jesus' Name" (Holden)-
Arthur Ficken*her, organist; Edwin Dunhar
Crandall. director. .
Processional. "Welcome. Happy Morning"
(Calkin); Eoater chant (Crotch) ;. "Gloria Pa
tri" (Crotch): "Te Deum" In D'(Calkin)
"Jubilate" la V (Tours); Introlt. "At th*
Lamb's IHrh Fejirt" (Elrey); «'Kyrio" (Bl
vf.y); -Gloria Tlbi" (Pleyel); hymn. "An*»>lii.
Roll the Rock Away" (Roper); iermon- offer
tory. "Th« Risen Lord" (Hrldsn). Mlos Grace
Carroll; presentation of alms; "Sanctun " from
Messe Solwinella (Gounod): "Agnus Del"
(Tours); "Gloria in Excelsls" (old chant)
"Nunc rUmlttla" (Barry): retroceaBlonal!
"Jesus Christ Is Risen To-day" (Worsan)
St. Paul's Episcopal.
MORNING
There will be an organ recital by Mr. Crafts
of fifteen minutes preceding the evening ser
vice and beginning at 7:15 o'clock; 7:00. the
Caster etory in scripture and song: a praise
service The following numbers are on the
programme: Quartet, "Christ, the Lord, la
Risen" (Shelley); quartet. "An It Began to
Dawn" (Barnes): alto solo. "Ho Shall Feed
Kin nock" ("Messiah," • Handel) ; quartet,
"Let Not Your Heart Bs Troubled" (Foster) ;
*opr»no solo. "My Heart Ever Faithful"
(Bach), assisted at the piano by Mrs. W". K
Mason: quartet. "Christ Our Passover" (Shill
ing); quartet. "The Resurrection and the Life"
(Khacklett); quartet — Richard 8. Monld tenor-
Mrs. P. C. Brooks, soprano: Miss Elsa Mar
wedel. alto; Krtron I). Wllcox,' bass: Mrs.
Crafts, organist.
EVENING.
Tenor 6o!o, "Hosanna" (Granier); quartet,
"Festival 7> Deum" (Buck): soprano solo,
"The Lord In Risen" (Lansing); violin obligato.
Miss Hibberd.
Pilgrim Congregational.
MORNING.
1/4, 5; recessional, "At the Lamb's High Feast
W« Sing" (St. George's Windsor), 118.
Mrs. Bulkl ay Returns Thanks.
- At the close/ of the I programme Mrs.
Bulkley made a short speech, thanking
her club-associates for their kindness and
co-operation in the past. During: the after
noon Mrs. Bulkley was the recipient of
many expressions of regret at the expira
tion of her term of office and' also' of con
.gratulatlons for her recent election as
president, of the State Federation of
Women's Clubs. ¦ ...
The gowns worn at the reception, to
day, were unusually handsome. The guest
of honor was attired in black silk, taste
fully trimmed with heavy black lace, with
a touch of heliotrope and -white on the
bodice. ; . ,"-'. • .
The gown worn by Mrs. Gilbert Curtiss
was 1 a handsome creation: of black faille,
embroidered in* black chenille. The wide
collar was of white satin, with Inner
reveres of blue panne velvet. v 
"Mrs. Charle3 D/ Pierce ' wore black
where the ends were caught and hold ln
place with great sprays of cherry-blos
soms. Across the back of the auditorium
.tall palms were banked • and tho presi
dent's chair was a. floral throne, framed
as it was In almond .blossoms, tied < with
bows of pink tulle, j
The programme prepared for the oc
casion was an excellent one, several num
>rs nn the mandolin and guitar being
pleauingrly rendered by the Misses Shei
wood. Mrs. Howard Bray gavo two se
lected readings and tho Treble Clef Quar
tet gained new* popularity by the spirit
and dash of its singing. This quartet In
cludes Mrs. Carrie Brown Dexter, Miss
Louise Stubbs. Mrs. Willis Collins and
Mrs. Alexander Young Jr. Their num
bers were, "The Frogs Singing School,"
"My Hamft la Where the Heather
Blooms." "Little Elsie" and VThe Bloom
Is On' the Rye." They were accom
panied by Miss Clara Dabney. .
Mrs. Gilbert L». Curtiss waa hostess for
the afternoon and is also chairman of the
decoration committee. Exquisite taste
was displayed in the adornment of tho
large reception room, ropes of j)lnk tulle
and emilax being festooned from tho
chandeliers, lattice-fashion, to the pillars,
OAKLAND, March 29.-The recep T
tion to-day Jn honor of Mrs.
Kate Bulkley, retiring president
of the Ebell Society, was a bril
liant social success. The club
rooms were crowded with the members of
Ebell and their friends, all eager, to pay
a tribute of respect to the woman whO3e
excellent administration has done so
much to advance the interests of the or
ganization.
"Hallelujah." from "Mount of Olives"
(Beethoven), chorus: "Father 'to Thee. We
Pray" (Bach-Gounod), eqprano solo, chorus and
violin obllfrato; "Hoeanna" (Granler), oontraitu
soli: "God So Loved the World," chorus from
"The Crucifixion" (Stainer); bass solo, "The
Dawn of Redemption" (Hamilton Gray); "Verv
Early in the Morning" (Frederick Stevenson*,
bass solo, trio and chorus; "They Have Taken
Away My Lord" (Stainer). chorus; "When
Thou Contest" (InHammatUE) (Rossini), soprano
foIo and chorus of fifty voices. Soloists— -Mi&s
Grace L Davis, soprano; Mrs. Carroll Nichol
son, contralto; Harry W. Baldwin, bass; "VN'il
liam B. King, organist; Alexander Stewart,
director.
EVENING.
"Praise the Lord" (Randegger). chorus;
"The Lord Is Risen" (Sullivan), contralto solo
and chorus; "The Resurrection" (Shelley),
soprano solo and chorus; offertory, senprano
eolo. ;¦ ::'.-'.
First Congregational.
MORNING.
Organ voluntary, selected; hymn, "Crown
Him With Many Crowns"; "As It Be
gan to Dawn" (Coombs); "Come, See the Place
Where Jesus £ay" (Parker); hymn, "What
Equal Honors Shall We Bring"; "Immortality"
(Shcpard): "The Choir Angelic" (Hanscom);
"Easter Song" (Dennee); "Christ Is Risen,"
from Rossi's Vespers; organ postlude, selected.
Solo quartet — Mrs. M. K. Henderson. Miss
Ethel J. Bates, C. A. Katzenbach. Alfred C.
Read.
Male quartet — C A. Katzenbach, E. T. Tay
lor. Alfred C. Reaa N. B. Friebie.
Mies Ida M. Fording, organist. O. M./ Ves
per, director. Chorus of fifty voices. ,
EVENTXG.
Organ voluntary, selected: hyioii. "Christ,
the Lord, ls Risen To-day" ; "Now ou
the First I>ay" (Warren) ; "As Sleep Takes
Flight" <Sbel!ey): "Hosanna" (GranlerV.
"Christ Our Passover" (Buck); hymn, "The
Head That Once '"Was Crowned" ; "I Know
That My Redeemer Liveth" (Handel); "Hal
lelujah! Christ is Risen" (Morgan); organ
postlude. selected.
Tenth-Aventis Baptist.
MORNIXG.
Organ. Evening song, lsador Gelss; anthero.
"Christ Is Risen" (Coombe); \nolin solo, se
lected. Miss MendcnhaU: contralto solo, "The
L»ord Is Risen (Arthur Sullivan), Miss Eliza
beth D. Brown; male quartet. "Christ A'rcse"
• Lorverr): orpan cfi*ertor> - , selectd; bass solo.
"Hoaanna." (Granler), R. T. Fisher; male quar
tet. "Resurrection Morn" (Sankey); baptismal
hymn, selected; crgan pcstlude, Gaul.
BVEN1XG.
Organ. Andante. Ramnyn*: anthem, "Christ,
Our Pacsover" (Schnecker): orzan offertory,
selected; tenor no\a, ."Eabtcr Day" (Drusler),
F. D. Arrr.e« ; reepenee. "'Bow Down Thine
Kar": anthem. "Hark. Hark, the Note* of
Joy" (Schnecker): organ prelude, Gounod.
MORNING.
Thu mu»lc at thin church will b« furnished
by an autmented choir, cornpovtd of the fol
lowing r*r»oni: Boprance — MIbpcs JeMle IJara
tow. Corinne Reagh. Bertha llotterlous. Mis.
F. r>. Arm«: eltoa — MIvh Elizabeth Brown,
Man' I- Stevens. Clara Wtleon. Mrs. It. Him
nur; tmon<— K D. Arrae*. D. I. MacDonald.
Harvey Uyon; bassoa— K. T. Fisher, H. I*
Kemp. H. T. Stevens. Miss IjoIk M<»ndenhal,
vjollnirt, will a»M*t. John W. Jdi-teulf. the or--
KJtnin'L. will r-rf«i<i!» nt the new ptp« organ.
«o be UB«>d for the rtr«t time at these services.
FollowJes are epecial muaical numbers:
First Eaptist.
ln the churches to-morrow there will
be elaborate musical eervicen in celebra
tion of Easter. Following afe some of the
church programmes for the day:
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
HIS Broadway. March 2?. -
Beautiful Music Will Attract
Devotees of the Chris
tian Church.
Choir and Congregation
Will Sing of the
Resurrection.
EASTER ANTHEMS
WILL BE HEARD
WOMEN OF EBELL SOCIETY TENDER
RECEPTION TO RETIRING PRESIDENT
Mrs. Kate Bulkley Is Honored by Members of Organization Who Wish to
Show Their Appreciation of Her Excellent Admiriistration— Affair Is
One of the; Most Brilliant of Recent Social Events in Oakland
BAY CITIES..
NEWS OF THE BAY CITIES.. OAKLAND ALAMEDA COUNTY BERKELEY
GIRL WIFE HELPS
OUT HER MOTHER
Mr& Blanche Boardman
Loses Her Octogena
rian Husband.
Opponents Want to Know if
Threats Induced Him to ,
Decamp.
Oakland Office Ban Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, March 2?.
Mrs. Blanche Louise Boardman. the
echoolgirl wife of the octogenarian capi
talist. Joseph Boardman. took the stand
In Judge Ogdcn's court this morning to
help her mother, Mrs. E. E. Walker,
I-rove that Alexander Pelletreau owed her
J.7C before he died. Pelletreau was an
afied capitalist, who was u friend of Mr».
•walker's husband in early days. Sh«
nursed him while he was ill and he re
ciprocated by giving her an order on his
bank account for her bill. This Pelle
treau'c son refuses to pay.
Youi:g Pelletreau'B attorney got Mrs.
Boardman to say that " her hufband
Btopped at her home whHe Pelletreau
was there. He asked her where her hus
band Ls now. but she said she didn't
know. She saw him last on Tuesday
fcomewhere in San Francisco, but he Is
lost to her now.
"I expect to prove that Mr. Boardman
has been got out of the way to prevent
his testifying in this case," said Mr.\
Chapman, the attorney. "He knows that
this bill is not right and ihey chipped
him to San Francisco so he wouldn't tes
tiiv."
iTy es the would. Mrs. Boardman could
not Yemeni ber ihe place where ehe last
&aw her husband, fane had a vague idea
that it was in the block on Clay
street, in Jront of a cfclirch.
••"Well, what did he ~Uo out there for?"
was asked.
"To consult my cousin, who is a law
yer."
"And you don't know at what street
you got off or the number of your cousin's
house or anything ?"
"No."
"These statements." said Judge Ogden,
"give me the impression that the witness
is not entirely frank."
"How old is Mr. Boardman?"
"He's about 70, I guess."
"Isn't he more than Su?"
"No, 1 think not. He may be 75 or 76."*
"Wasn't he 76 when you married him?"
"1 don't know."
"Dcn't you know that Mr. Boardman Is
in hiding so that he will not have to tes
tify in this case, and do you know a
Threat has been made to kill him if he
does testily?"
"Nothing of the kind!"
"Isn't it a fact that your mother terror
ized Felletreau when he was at your
house?"
"It- is not so." "_1' f -"'
"Isn't- it so that your mother got him to
make a w-iil and then sent a female doc
tor for Attorney Baker to make it up for
her?'" .
"No."
"Diqn't you know that $1000 ln green
backs were 6tolen from the old man while
be was at your mother's house?"
"That is not so; he kept all his money
m the bank."
"When they were taking him away Just
before his aeath, isn't it so that your
mother told his son not to take him
a way— that she had a gun?"
"No; we were willing that he should
£0. ¦ . : -:-¦ '¦-.. ¦- ...-_-
Mrs. Boardman'a sister. Miss Mae
ualker. was asked many of these lead
ing questions at the afternoon session,
but she denied them all. Attorney Baker
offered In evidence a will that PeUetreau
inade giving Mrs. Walker $1000. As there
*or a n^h a S f QUe^ Vri11 th!s was not <> ff ered
.or probate. The case goes on again Mon-
2ERS. LUCY A. TVTTT.t.ttp.
DIES IN ABIZONA.
2fews Comes of Passing Away of a
Highly Esteemed Resident of
Oakland. ¦
OAKLAXD, March 29.— News waa re
ceived to-day of the death last Monday
at Quartz Site. Art*., of Mrs. ljucy A.
Miller, •widow of the late Finals B. Miller.
Mrs. Miller's passing away was a sad
ehock to relatives and to many friends ln
Oakland, which had been her home for
many years. Death was duo to pneu
monia, the esteemed lady's age tellinsr
aealnst her. With her daughter Mrs!
Minnie L. Smith, wife of Byron G. femith
Mrp. Miller went to Arizona, where her
«on-in-law has iurgc mining Interests, last
rvovember. (she had been, ln good health
until a short time before her last Illness.
Mrs. Miller was 78 years of age, and a
native of Louisville. Ky. The surviving
children are Robert W. Miller of Oakland
•»i;oorg«j S. Miller of Montana, Charles E
Miller of Oakland. John H. Miller of Mon
tana, end Mrs. Smith...
NEWS
or the
BW CITIES...
LIFE IS EBBING
IN PRISON CELL
George Jones Passes His
Ninety-Third Mile
stone in Jail.
Murderer of Lorenzo Dutil
Still Awaits a Second
Trial for Crime.
Oakland Office) San Francisco Call.
1113 Broadway, March 29.
George Jones, for seventeen years con
fined ln the Alameda County Jail, has
just celebrated his . ninety-third birth
day.
For fourteen years he had been a bed
ridden occupant of a cell at the jail,
where he was taken almost a score of
years ago to be held for trial on a charge
of having murdered Lorenzo Dutll, a San
Pablo avenue saloon-keeper.
Jones -was tried and convicted of the
crime, but was granted a new trial by tha
Supreme Court. During tha delay tha
prisoner, then 76 years of age, was
stricken with paralysis, which left him a
helpless and hopeless invalid. ¦ He waa
put Into a cot ln his- cell, and from that
day has only left It when, taken to bis
bath.
The aged prisoner has become Imbecile,
and he will probably* never leave his cell
again, except to be taken to tho burying
ground. He has been slowly fading
away, but the Jail physicians fall to ob
serve any marked change ln his Condi
tion—nothing but a slow ebbing of vital
ity.
Jones' crime has been long forgotten.
It was committed during a quarrel wlta
Dutll, whose head he crushed with a
bung-starter.
Licensed to Marry.
OAKLAND, March 29.— Licenses to
marry were Issued to-day to David A.
Meeloy. 26. Sacramento, and Maybelle C
Woodbams, 23. Oakland: Edwin L. Cleary.
21, and Carrie P. Elegardt, IS, both of
Oakland; Frederick H. W. Peterson. SO.
and Haydee E. Hugheson, 23, both of
Oakland: Charles M. Smith, 24, and Rosa
E. Rayburn. 24, both of San Francisco;
Ernest S. Baldwin, over 2L and Margaret
A. Hyde, over IS, both of Oakland.
Oakland Transit Consolidate:
OAKLAND, March 29.— The Oakland
Transit and the Oakland, San Leanuro
and Haywards Railway were
merged into one corporation to-day by the
officers of the two companies, who have
been acting: in two capacities for tha roads
ever since the last named was purchased
by the first named. Tne corporation will
hereafter be tha Oakland Transit Con
solidated. ¦ ¦-.¦¦
Select Bay for Garden Fete.
OAKLAND. March 29.— The directors of
the Central Free Kindergarten have se
lected Saturday. May 3. for the annual
garden fete at Arbor Villa, the beautiful
home of Mr. and Mrs. F. M. Smith.
churches to-morrow and tho choirs will
render special Eastertide music. The pro
grammes in the various churches hava
been arranged as follows:
Park Congregational Church, morning — Ser
mon, "The Resurrection," Rev. W. H. 8cud
der; selections by the choir. "He Is Risen"
(Simper), ' Sleeper. Awake" (Mendelssohn),
"Christ Is Risen From the Dead" (Allen).
"Death's Conqueror" (Parks). "Thanks Be to
God" (Grltton): offertory solo. "Tha Resurrec
tion" (Shelley). Mias Alice Mara.
Westminster Presbyterian Church, morning—
Sermon by Rev. F. H. Robinson. Special mu
sical selections will be rendered by Professor
A. Morrell. D. A. Wentworth. Mrs. D. Mitch
ell, Miss Hannah Nlehaus, Mrs. L. Waterbury
and Miss Grace Farwell. '. ¦
St. Matthew's Episcopal Church — Special
song services at 11:15 a. in.
North Congregational Church, morning —
Sermon. "The Risen Christ," Rev. Benjamin
F. Sargent. Evening — Special concert with se
lections by the choir and songs and recitation*
by the Sunday school pupils.
Trinity Methodist Episcopal Church, naorn
ing — Sermon, "The Free Clft-of God Is Eternal
Life," Rev. C. K. Jenness. Evening — "Pales
tine," Dr. "W. W. Case. Special music at both
services.
First Presbyterian Church, morning — Easter
exercises at Sunday school hour: service* at 11
o'clock and sermon by Rev. J. K. McLean:
special music both morning and evening, with
solos by Miss Russell, Mrs. Partinston aa4
Frank Argall.
West Berkeley SI. E. Church — Morniag »«r
mon by Rev. B. Crook; duet. "Our Easter
Prayer." Mrs. E. Miller and George James. la
the evening tho Sunday school will conduct
Easter exercises.
First Conxreeatlon&l Church — Morning nuste
— -To Deuia." B flat, festival (Buck): anthem.
"Why Seek Ye?" (Peel); quartet. "Tha Lord's
Prayer" (Dow). Messrs. B. dark. J. U. Jones.
George Johnson and J. S. Mills. Evening
music — Anthem, "Christ Our Passover* (Schil
ling): contralto »olo. VThe liord Is Kisen"
(Sullivan). Mr«. J. 8. Mills; chorus. "Lift Up
Tour Heads" (Handel).
First Unitarian Church — &tcrninf; music
Anthem, "Hear. O lord": solo. -"With Verduro
Clad." Miss Webber: duet. "Anjelus," Miss E~
Loy and Miss Barrtngton; «olo. "Iftest in th»
Lord," Miss Barrtngton: •ermon. "The Lira
That Now Is and the Life That Is to Come "
Rev. Mr. Hosmer.
First Baptist Church — MotSiins sermon
"Eastor Morning." Evening serroon, "Thomas*
Trial." Special music at both wrrrtce*.
First Christian Church — Special service* at
6 o'clock by the Endeavor Sor.lKy ln Stllea
Hall. Sermon at 7 o'clock by Rev. E. D
Cbapln.
THJ5 SAy FRAyeiSCO GALL V SUNBAYv MARCH 30, 1902.
31
We Are Bottom on Prices.
No Competitors.
Bach's Malt Extract, per...
doz. (Best Tonic Made).$2.25
Peruna, 85c bot.; 4 for. . ;$3.00
(Generally sold at $1.00.)
Paine's Celery Compound.. 75c
(Regular Price $1.00.)
Malvina Cream 25c
La Blache Powder 25c
Duffy's Malt Whiskey. ... 75c
Cutter's A 1 Whiskey 75c
Saunders' Malt Whiskey.... 75c
?Simedee Water (cure for
f constipation) -25c
Agents for Hoff's Con-
sumption Cure .....*. — 85c
WE ARE TRUSS FITTERS.
OSGQGfUheDrug Cutter
SEVENTH ASP BS0ADT7AY. Ctkltai. CU
FOR SALE.
Just finished, one $j§ffe-
ladies' high - class W^r
hand-:rade Brussels J/
lace costume, suitable <RT«T*<5^
for reception ' wid i^^^^^b>
theater wear. Also v&Fy-gff^f
one richlv made
• fane}' J3c3;ct of 'ace * mt'/i^A
We • make all kinds of In. M'
work in this line to *T '»
order. Can see the ji /v P''iSL
work dorse any day at jMtw li^i
t896 GROVE ST.,
. Oakland. Cal.^gMg-i \MS
*T AUG. DE SMET. *^*SLa—^^
m i$?^. SiiVK&f- I Dr - Meyers & Co. use remedies that are fl
M / entirely unknown to any other spi-daiists I
H \ N?¥iS*?5^JfrK3£^ / ln thft West. The physlciajiu have had H
|3 \ • A ¦•„ / longer experieace and better traintnar than E
68 \ >«rV /tSKaSto'^B' / others. They are more able to 'lulckly B
SS \<RisK v W dlagnos* a case, and their treatment acts M
ga V^M^-^^rnOT^y directly, positively and effectively. They M
£§ Vi \k j vfY Qs « no poisonous drugs or harmful rceth- IJ
h§ >i/ <! &*-'J^ s * Their treatment Is speedy, painless, ri
pi Their equipment is modern, cos.tly and B
p| scientific. S3
P Behind these statements ars ye a *"s of constant practice. Dr. Mfeyers & II
Eg :?o, are respected by the medical profession as physicians of the greatest abil- ¦
V .H- ' ity. - They are the court of last resort in desperate cases where thew Is not Bj
M time for argument or doubt and where the best skill must be had immediate- fc
B ly. "Whether your case is severs or mild, of recent or Ions standliiy, you m
Fj should have the beat attention, and it will cost you no raorc than any other. H
I Varicocele Weakness |
ffl ' It is remarkable how some of the No ailment of man brings to Its K
13 relics of barbarian surgery have . ¦ ?"•"•."?»*» H
fl come down to the present day. In victim greater discouragement, hope- ¦
p| particular is this so with regard to iessness and terror than weakness ¦
Id the old-fogy method of treating varl- !M< M
R cocele by inserting the ligature. Mod- ' In the large majority of cases weak- p
M em medicine is scientlflc-at one time n ess is found to be the result of an 1
h Dr. Meyers & Co. are representa- exhausted nervous condition, impov- la
I. IS l^ishTn^^^uKfihetr erished blood «> l<** derangement |
SS scientlnc Investigations - with • regard of the pelvic system. Bj
m to the cure of varicocele and other; Ou treatmmt r«fnr.. »t»» j K
H- nervous diseases they conferred a Our treatment restores vigor and R
6j great benefit upon mankind. strength and tones up the entire con- il
Va They des.' re to meet those who suf- ¦ -tltutlon A-rlM? minrt , m v.i M
g fer from Varicocele. Rupture, Stric- st "ution. a clear mind, ambition W
ji ture, Prostatic Troubles. . Hydrocele and ruddy health are essential to hap- |
pf and the nervous diseases so often as- plness. V/e could refer by permls- if
va- soclated with Pel vie. Maladies. This S lon tn yin-nArvA* nt «n,.~.o«ft,t ~ «v
m will enable them to make a thorough 81 ° n • nunareds « f successful men K
H . examination . and to their who came to us^in a state of physl- 9
M methods of cure:. . • cal and mental collapse. J
I DR. ME YEM3S CO.
S 731 ¦ RtAftHET STnBBT, S. F. *J
HOURS^-S to 12, 1 to 4; Evenings, 7 to 8: SundaVs. 9 to ILThe Past Arches' Associatipn-^-A. ' H. ;
Armstrong, president; D." Bamman, vice
president, and James F. Martinoni,.secre
tary—accompanied by ;Nqble ' Grand Arch'
J. S. I Godeau and about*" twenty,' members'
of the organization, paid a fraternal visit
to Oakland Grove and were well received;
In Druidic . Circles.
The Bebekahs.
On the evening of the 24th Inst. the
Past Grands' Association paid a fraternal
visit to Loyal Rebekah' Lodge and the
members • were well . received . and :, well
entertained. Last . evening ' Mission 1 Re
bekah Lodge , All Fools day- and
Easter eve party In Its lodgeroom In i Ex
celsior Hall. The attendance : was large,
On the night of Saturday. March 22.
a very enjoyable entertainment and dance
was given In Laurel Hall of the Shiels
building by Burnaby Lodge of the Sons
of.St* George to a large and enthusiastic
audience. The programme was as fol
lows: Overture, Nowlan's orchestra;
mandolin soio, C. W. Riffee; recitation
Arthur Clifford; barytone solo, William
L. Smith; humorous monologue, Lloyd
Spencer; tenor solo. Thomas Nowlan; so
prano colo. Miss Spencer; barytone solo
H. W. Gcrrand; selections, Mike Scanlon
and the Manhattan quartet; recitation.
W." H. Williams; barytone solo. James
Potter; impersonations, R,. Leach; bass
eolo, H. Williamson of Pickwick Lodge;
Sons of St. George.
The Mrs. Lei and Stanford Division No.
106, Grand International Auxiliary .to the
Brotherhood -—of j • Locomoiive . : Engineers,
will give its third annual ball In Mission
Opera Hall on the night of next Thursday
April 3. The social functions of .this or
ganization of the past have beenvery. de
lightful affairs and the committee having
charge of the approaching function -wil'
use every endeavor to 'maintain the repu
tation already attained by the division. ¦
International Auxiliary.
The Famobrosis Society of this city at
Jts meeting last week decided to have an
evening fcr members and friends in the
Eocial hall of the Foresters' building on
the night of the 20th of Aprjl. It will
consist of an entertainment and dance.
and the following named we.e appointed a
committee to arrange the details: Dr.
ghirman, Mre. L. Leftler, Mrs. A. Boehm,
Mrs. M. M- Garbarino and M. Boehm.
The Famobrosis Society.
The local Associated, Councils, of the
Royal Arcanum have arranged for an en
tertainment in Pioneer Hall on Monday,
March 31, "when, a programme of - the
vaudeville order will- be presented for .the
entertainment of the members and their
lady and gentlemen friends. * .'
Royal Arcanum.
McKinley,-; Company of the < Uniform
Rank; recently, organized in this city, al
ready, has thirty- four members on its roll
of membership. Captain M. Samuels and
First Lieutenant E. "W. Langenbach' are
enrolling eligibles almost every Thursday
night in the Pythian Castle:. The com
pany., has 'ordered new uniforms through
•v On. the 29th Inst. Grand Keeper of Rec
ords and Seal Herman , Schaff ner '¦• went
tO/Eureka, < Humboldt- County, to .inspect
and Install the c.ompany of the Uniform
Rank located there. On the'31st he-will
visit the. lodge at Fortuna; on the '. 1st
of April he- will return to Eureka and
visit the local lodge of Pythians; on
the 2d he will be /with the lodge In Ar
cata, and on the 3d. he will Install and
inspect the company .: of ¦ the Uniform
Rank at Ferndale.' „-„'/., V.'-Kvi
Knights of Pythias.
- The lodges ot San Jose. New Almaden;
San Mateo, Palo Alto and Los Gatos
are arranging for . an old-fashioned re
union picnic on the first of May at Bunk
er Hill Park; near Los • Gatos. It jj Is ex
pected that the Uniform Rank companies
of. Oakland and , Santa Cruz will also be
there, and liberal prizes are to be of
fered for the best drilled and most large
ly represented companies. There will
also be a prize for the lodge that has the
largest attendance.. The ' Los ' Gatos
Board of Trade will get up a floral fair
and 'parade for the entertainment of the
visitors. Excursion trains are to be run
irorn San Francisco and Santa Cruz for
the accommodation of the knights and
their' friends. --. -. : ', :.'¦'.
Metamora Stsmm of the Independent
Order of Red Men No. 4, Daughters of
Pocahontas, has arranged for a grand an
niversary and Easter egg party, to be
given In Saratoga Hall on the night of the
Jst of April. The committee in charge
expects to make this, the third anniver
sary of the Stamm. the most interesting
function this body has ever given.
German Bed Men.
United Moderns. ' ' f f
On the night -of Friday,' the 21st inst., t
San Francisco. Lodge of > the United Mod-
ems gave another of > its popular enter- 5
tainments in its lodgeroom. The 'proj *
gramme was^a very good one, and the" ¦
features were : J. K. Miller In his laugh- !
ing song and other pleasing vocalizations, j
Miss Blanche Bouviere in dramatic read
ings and Herbert Bashford. the poet of
.Washington State, in I original dialect
readings. ' Supreme, Warden S. D. C. Hays '
of Denver, Colo., paid an unexpected visit
to the lodge. that- night and gave a very
Interesting and instructive talk on the
origin ancT rise of the order of United
Moderns. The.evening\ was a very pleas
ant one.' enjoyed in the fullest by all who i
attended. ¦ : ' .V' : '"•'•.> . i
. On r the"< 24th Inst. the supreme warden !'•
paid : a- Vsif to. California -Lodge and en- >
tertained - the 'members with an address '
Supreme Organizer S. C. WaMis organized •
a new lodge of the order in San Jose, an-1- "
on <" the : 2Gth he 'in- company with: the J «su- '
preme ' warden : paid ' a % visit to the new v.
subordinate. , ¦ w • . !
1 Supreme r Chancellor ,' Johnson ,;recentlv*'j
visited Butte City and. the members of
the order- there had a three days', celebra- •
tlon,, several entertainments, public meet-'
inpsand the presentation of a silk ban- '.
ner." . . -.. . . '• , ¦ >
Barclay J.- Smith, president of Smith's
Cash Store, commenced a suit against the
First National Bapk of San Francisco for
$100,000 damages yesterday. He alleges
that through the fraudulent conversion
of $4C0O deposited in the bank in the name
of Smith's Cash Store the. firm was com
pelled to make an assignment to Its credi
tors, thereby causing a loss to the firm of
the amount sued for.
Smith alleges that on January 29. 1C0O.
he deposited in the bank J40CO, to provide
for the payment certain checks drawn
. upon the bank the day before, which
checks, he alleges, Were In favor of cer
tain merchants from whom Smith's Cash I
Store had purchased goods. The checks '
were forty-five in number and aggregated J
$3679 55.
- The checks were- presented for payment |
January 30,1000. on them was;
refused, alleges* Smith, -because. "the tie- i
fendant. without notice- to the plaintiff j
and with intent to defraud him, did sa
! cretly, willfully, knowingly and fraudu- ;
lently" withdraw the- $4000 from the ac- »
.count of Smith'stash Store. The nur- |
¦ chants in whose favor. the checks were I
' drawn, 'alleges Smith, Were informed by i"
; tho bank omcials that : the firm had not i.
'. sufficient funds on hand' to In3uie pay-!
• ment. • '¦¦"..!
This action on the part of the bank, a!- j
leges Smith, caused his creditors to make ¦
pressing demands upon the firm, a-.d ne '
1 says he was compelled to sell large quan- !
ft'.es cf goeds to raise funds to meel t'az.r \
demands. . . ' ¦'¦¦•. ¦ • ;
Smith alleges' further that he was '
forced to borrow large sums of money j
for which he paid large sums In interest ¦
in addition, to transferring the business i
of the firm to the lender for security.
-It was only because of the action ot!
the bank in refusing payment of. the
cheekf. alleges Smith, that his creditors 1
urged and insisted upon the payment of
"their claims. :'. Otherwise, be cfcarges, he
would have been permitted to pay their
'.claims in the ordinary course of busi
ness. ¦ .- -- , ' :"' . ; ' .¦
Smith estimates the alleged damages as
follows:
-Loss in sale of stock to raise ready cash
C25.O0O; damage to . business reputation' '
. J25.0C0; interest on loan. $10,000- I033 I
through assignment, J40,000 . ji
'-' ¦•¦:>-¦'¦ ¦ '¦•• ; . ¦ ¦¦-..: ¦ .¦ ; -' ¦}. : :\ : 4 : i*, ¦:¦;;¦ ¦¦¦
The Eoard of Education rast yesterday
and completed the purchase of a lot ad-
Jcining the site . recently acqnired •' at
Twenty-fourth, ajid Douglass streets -for
school purposes. The board will proceed
immediately to erect a twelve-room
schoolhouse thereon at a cost of J25.00O to
accommodate the Noe Valley district., Tha
petition of the West of Castro StreCt Im
provement Club that the basement of-tha
school be arranged so as to permit of its
use by a boys' and girls' cluo was taken
ur.der advisement.'
The petition of Simon^W. Selling that
the name of the Clement Grammar
School be" changet*. to that of the McKiiy ,
icy Grammar School was placed on fil«.-*«^
The board accepted the plans and spec?- <
ficatlons for the addition of six rooms, to ,
the Hear3t School at an estimated cost of
55500. The plans for an addition of three
rooms to the Columbia School were also
adopted, the. cost of the work to be'jseoo.
Plans were accepted for a concrete re
taining wall In the rear of the Jefferson
Primary School, to be used as a handball
court. ¦¦..•• -
Leave of absence was granted to Miss
Agru.3 McLaughlln. •
U"he board decided to award the Ieaso
of- the -Post-street property next Monday
to-E. F. Burns, the highest bidder, who
Lid «S36. .
A. resolution providing that schools, of
three to seven classes be entitled to a
substitute- one day la each month In order
that • the principals may supervise their
schools was adopted. .
Miss Dorothy F. Moran, whose appoint
ment as a regular teacher on December
2$, 1S08, was rescinded on January 4, 1S99,
v/as reinstated In the . department and
placed at the foot of the eligible list."
Superintendent Webster stated that! he
bad not as yet completed his report of
Ii!s Investigation Into the charges against
Principal M. S. Blancnard. New matter
had been introduced into the evidence and
the findings would be finished some day
next week. ¦ ¦ ¦ • ,
"Wants Drinking Fountain-Repaired.
Tha Merchants' Association petitioned
the Board of . Supervisors yesterday •„ to
cause the drinking fountain on Mont
gomery street, near Bush, to be p'.aced 1 1
in order and maintained by til* city' for *2J
the ben«flt of the public. - -*^f
The local Foresters of the Independent
Order are actively at work at this time
making the required arrangements to
tender a reception to Supreme High Chief
Ranger Oronhyatekha and the delegates
to the Supreme Court who will meet in
session in Los Angeles during the latter
part of April and will hold a one-day
session In this city in the early part of
May. The reception will be held in the
Alhambra Theater and it is possible that
the supreme officers and delegates will be
taken on a bay excursion. Great prepar
ations ere being made to entertain the
visitors, who will be from all parts of the
world, during a week's stay Los An
geles.
Independent Foresters.
The union meeting of the local encamp
ments of this city with Oriental Encamp
ment last evening. In the Odd Fellows'
building, was one of the grandest meet
ings of the higher branch of Odd Fellow
ship that has been held in this city in a
long time. The literary and musical pro
gramme, as given in the local columns of
The Call, was fully carried out. The "liv
ing pictures" were the presentation of
Grand Representative .1. W. Harris as 'a
type of "true manhood"; W. B. Ayer of
California No. 1 as the youngest noble
grand, and George T. Shaw of Unity En
campment as the youngest chief patri
arch and L. L,. Alexander, P. G. M., as
the oldest noble grand and oldest chief
patriarch. The addresses were unusually
Interesting and instructive. Jn the course
of his remarks W. T. Galloway, chairman
of the evening, In referring to W. H.
Barnes, the grand scribe, referred to his
record In the fraternal world and to a
few incidents in his life and his. work for
Odd Fellowship. He said that he com
menced to write for the fraternal press
at the age of 18, more than forty years
ago, and that he was Initiated, into 1 the
order on his twenty-first birthday, and
that since his Initiation he had delivered
addresses on the order in every State and
Territory of the Union, except Alaska and
the recent possessions. In referring .to
Grand Secretary ¦ Shaw he said that for
fourteen years he served on the Grand
Liodgo committee on laws of subordinates,
until his election as grand secretary, to
which position he has been re-elected at
every session of the Grand Lodge.
On the night of the 28th of March San
Francisco Lodge worked In the Initiatory
degree, and the same night- Apollo Lodge
conferred the "second, degree In an admira
ble manner on candidates.
Wildey ' Encampment will confer the
Golden Rule degree on the 1st of April.
Pacific Lodge celebrated Its thirty-third
anniversary last week by an entertain
ment and dance.
On the 3d of April Yerba Buena Lodge
will initiate several strangers. ..
The Odd Fellows.
PROVIDES SCHOOL
FOR NOE VALLEY
MERCHANT MAKES
GRAVE CHARGES
A new court, to 'be known as James G
Elaine, will be Instituted on the 8th of
'April. • i • • -
T .» h< x members of Courts Shell Mound
and Oakland will hold a reunion, on the
6th'0f April. • • ¦ ,•., ;
The annual 1 picnic and excursion bf. the
Members of Court Sutro Heights on Sun
day, the 25th, of JMay. at Sunset Park
promises to be "the" picnic of the 'many
that have been planned by the member
ship of the Foresters of America for the
approaching season. . ' ' :. ¦
In the hall of Court Llvermore No. 77 Liver
more. Wednesday. -April 16 — Courts Li vermore
No. 77. Mount Diablo Np. 118, Alisal No 10S
Niles No. 110,- Marsh No. 101. Unity No. 205
In the hall -of Court Petaluma No. 63. Peta
luma.- Tuesday. April 2f»— Courts Rafael No
62. Petaluma No. 63, Marin No. 73 Santa
Rosa No. 24. Sotoyorae No. 142, Sausallto No
160. Novato No. 157. In the hall of Court
Capitol of California No. 6, Sacramento Mon
day, April 21 — Courts Oak Park No 100 Elk
Grove No. 101. Capitol of California No. 6
Sacramento No. 12. Concordia No. 119 Geor
fiana No. 160, Graf ton No. 169.. Dixon No. SO
.tar.pt Woodland No. 10. In the hall of Court
New Era No. 165. F. of A..- Oakland. Thurs
day. April 24— Courts .Shell Mound No 17
Pride of Alameda No. 10, Haywards No 78*
Harmonle No. 25. Elmhurst No. 174 United
States of America No. 38, Oakland No. 48
New Era No. 165, San Leandro No. 74 Ver
bano No. lCS. Sadi Carnot. No. 198.
' Grand Chief Ranger Hee'nan and Grand
Sub-Chief Wolfe /visited Fresno last week
and addressed a joint meeting of 4 the
members of Courts Yosemite, Pride of
Selma and Sanger.
The following district meetings hava
been arranged for courts outside of this
city: •
Friday, April 4 — Courts Hubertus . No. 15.
Inter Nos No. 18, Magnolia No. 29, Golden
Era No. 36. Acme No. 51. Monday, April 7—
Courts Euclelan No. 13, Eclipse No. 14, Zenith
No. 21. Independence No. 104. Tuesday, Apnl
&rr-Courta Robin Hood No* 1. Golden Gate No.
5, Stanford No. 27, Presidio No. 40, May
flower No. 41. Wednesday, April 0— Courts
Aurora No. 2. Bay. City No. 11, El Dorado No.
31. Hayes Valley No. 59. Farallone No. 71,
Richmond No. 86. General Lawton No. 171.
Thursday, April 10 — Courts Justice No. 10,
Golden West No.' 20, Defiance No. 23. Golden
Eagle No. 33, Washington No. 37, Sunflower
No. 187. Tuesday. April 15 — Courts California
No. 4. San Francisco No. 7, Columbia No. 55,
Ferruccio No. -132.
The following dates have been fixed for
district meetings of courts of 'Foresters
In the Alcazar building in this city:
American Foresters.
A large delegation of members of Stan
ford Parlor, including the officers, visited
Berkeley Parlor on the 25th inst. and
there conferred the degree of the ordar
on four candidates, the work being in the
improved style adopted by Stanford. This
in no wise interferes with the ritual, but
it adds some features that are calculated
to make the work more impressive and
interesting-. The officers were given a ris
ing vote of thanks, after which the vi5-
Itors and the members repaired to the
banquet hall, where an excellent supper
was served, and Charles R. Thomas. act-
Ing as toastmaster, called for responses
to toasts as follows: "Berkeley Parlor."
W. J. Wilson. P. P. Berkeley Parlor;
"Stanford Parlor." Fred H. Jung, secre
tary Stanford Parlor; "The Order," James
L. Gallagher, grand trustee: "Native
Daughters," Henry Lunstedt. grand sec
retary; "Fraternity." Will D. Shea, grand
trustee; "The Ritual," John W. Lewis.
Stanford Parlor; "City of Berkeley."
George Schmidt, trustee Berkeley Parlor.
California Parlor on the 27th inet., after
the election of officers, was treated to a
lecture on "Old Landmarks of California"
"by Grand Trustee J. R. Knowland. It
was a very instructive paper on that in
which all the members of the order take
a itep interest. After the lecture there
was a Emoker.
The Native Sons.
Mohican Tribe, . the local ;baby of- the
order, will give its first open meeting ?n
the. form of a vaudeville entertainment n
Mowry's Hall on the night of the 4th
inst.. the programme to be followed by
dancing This tribe has- on its roll the
names of many of the well known busi
ness men of Hayes Valley: and. whUe it is
yet. in its fraternal swaddling clothes it
promses to go on and becoml one of th"
prominent .tribes of the reservation -A
number of vaudevilleites havo signified,
intention to appear on that night and help
make the event a success. The committee
of i arrangements is composed of J. V J
Foley, Joseph Boog, H. F. Griffith EdI
ward R. Hanlon, S. M. Reynold", E^wMd
R. Hanlon. A. O.. Seale and Charles A
Kofalil. The/officers of the tribe aj-e- a\
H. Haljett. Sachem; H. : F. Griffith? senior
sagamore; Joseph. Boog, junior sagamore;
S. M. Reynolds, prophet; H. G. Lambert
chief of records; J. J. Meyers, keeper O f
wampum; Nicholas Nolan, W. J. Martin
and W. Baray, trustees..- .. \ . .-.:.'¦.
On the night of the 25th Inst. Mrs.
Mina Rew, the great pocahontas of the
aegree of Pocahontas; Mrs. Kate Wilson
tne great wewonah, and members of Min
nehaha Council of.Vallejo instituted a
new council at Point Richmond with a
goocr membership. The degree work was
by. the team of Minnehaha Council The
new council is called Yantanquas. ' . •
Past Sachem P. S. Seymour writes from
Los Angeles that he has secured - forty
five Signatures to a petition. for a charter
for a new tribe and that he will be ready
to^institute the same on the 14th of April
Th^ sreat chiefs paid an official visit
to Moheghan Tribe on the 25th inst •
when there was the adoption of two
palefaces in fine form. . , • .
Iroquois Tribe of Stockton on the n'jrht
™« h6 fl nh * ?£ opt £ a ?* Palefaces, wg
made the tribe the largest., from a £u-
m «fnf , 8ta ?^P 0lnt - in 'the reservation of
California. The event was followed.by a
banquet, which was partaken of by 400
memoers of the order. . The increase 'is
due to the efforts of Sachem • W. R'
The visit of the great chiefs to Oneida
Council of the Degree of •Pocahontad re
cently was an event that will long be
most pleasurably remembered by .the
members and the many visitors who were
presept. The council chamber in 'which
the great pocahontas, Mrs. Mina > Rew.
and the other great chiefs were received
with the honor due their station was
most tastefully decorated, carrying out
the Indian idea of a "long room" in gala
decoration. The adoption degree was con
ferred in a very able manner by the chiefs
of. the tribe, who were highly compli
mented by the visitors. .The work having
been inspected, > the council , fire was
Quenched and then the distinguished visi
tors and the council chiefs and members
followed the trail" to the banquet hall
which had been converted into an Indian
village in the midst of a minature forest
where all partook of a feast of corn and
venison and there were long and 6hort
talks by many of the chiefs. The affair
was under the direction of Mrs. E. Hull
Mrs. Hattie Beach and Miss J. Dondero'
The great chiefs visited. Hollister on the
29th inst. and there instituted a new tribe
with forty charter members. The degree
work was by the team of Navajo Tribe
of Santa Clara. The following day . the
ball team of the new tribe and that of
Navajo Tribe were to play a. game of
baseball. . ¦ .
Improved Order of Bed Men.
On the night of the 31st of March Mag
nolia Lodge will tender &• reception to
and have a jollification night for the
representatives to the grand lodge. . There
will' be a '. fine ¦ programme of entertain
ment and those delicate. Magnolia sand
wiches will. be distributed with a lavish
hand. ¦_ ¦ ' -..: ¦• v, . .
On the, night c of Vthe; 3d of April -the
Past Masters' Association will have a
"high old time'MnB: B. Hall, which will
be in the nature of a reception to all past
masters, arid fqr. their entertainment Past
Masters Booth; Jordan, Stone, Hirshberg
and Barnes are arranging a programme
wh.chMs to be followed by the initiation
of. a. ; number of eliglbles and the con
ferring of the Mogulllon Degree in a
manner that has never before been given
On the night of the. 4th there wl'l be a
competitive drill for prizes offered. by the
grand lodge. The competitors will be two
teams from San Jose and one each from
Gilroy, Hanford, Fresno and Sacramento.
The representatives to the grand, lodge
who have not yet received the grand
lodge degree will have to present them
selves to the committee on credentials at
Odd Fellows' Hall at 9 o'clock on the
morning of Tuesday,, the 3d of April.
At 2 o'clock i on the afternoon of Tues
aay, the opening day. of the Grand Lodso
of Workmen. Mayor Schmitz will appear
before that body and deliver an address
of welcome. ¦•¦--¦
F. L. Caufleld, past master of Prosper
ity Lodge, has-been presented with a fine
gold emblematic ring in appreciation ot
his services to the lodge and his courtesy
to visitors: .
• On the. night of . the 25th of • March the
San Francisco extension committee of
the A. O. U. W. paid a»fraternal visit to
Liberty Lodge at Ocean View. The com
mittee was accompanied- -by -Qrand Fore
man Freeman, Past Master Joy. District
Deputies Major Blackman, Julius Meyer,
William Hansen and: J.; Schilling. After
the routine business there were a num
ber of addresses for the extension of the
order. \^\- • > . • .
Modoc Lodge . of .Cedarville, which a
short time ago was about to surrender Its
charter because of . the indifference of the
members, ¦ recently ' came from Its back
seat. to the front row, and In a- few days
will initiate a class of about forty strang
era; ' .-. . .:•'¦-:*; ¦-• " • : -; \> >•»¦>: i
Unity Lodge, will give an entertainment
and dance in Elks.' Hall on the night of
the 1st of April, -for the entertainment of
its members and friends. An excellent
programme has been prepared.
The visit of the Alameda extension com
mittee and the one of this city' to Valley
Lodge on the night of the 19th :nst. was
a great success. The delegation from
across the bay entered the hall, 135 strong,
preceded by the Aameda County banner,
and the visitors 'were accorded a gener
ous welcome by W. H. Barnes, P. G. M.
W., on behalf of Valley Lodge, of which
he is a member, and of the Saji Francisco
extension committee. After- the formal
reception there was an adjournment to
the assembly hall of the Pioneer building,
where about four hundred workmen en
joyed a 6moker and music/' story telling
and oratory. The -gtage was' occupied by
the leading lights of the order, while in
the audience the committee of the lodge
was busy distributing cigars to all who
wished to smoke. Among - the • speakers
were Past.. Supreme Master Jordan, Past
Grand v Masters Snook, 'Danforth and
Hirshberg, Grand ' Foreman Freeman,
Grand Secretary Spencer, and many of
the lesser lights, who did much to rouse
a spirit of enthusiasm in the member
ship.' ' ..- . ¦••.;• ' •,•'•¦ •¦-¦':¦ !
Tne principal entertainers were Richard
I. Whelan. who told stories in his in
imitable, way, and Grand Receiver Booth,
whose topical songs were well received.;
. A new lodge will soon be instituted at
Eagleville, Modoc Couty, with forty char
ter members. • ¦
Ancient Order of Workmen.
Olive Branch Chapter will have work In
the Initiatory degree at its next meeting.
Great . preparations are being made to
give Mrs. Annie Marie Johnson, district
deputy grand matron, a reception on the
occasion of her official visit to San Fran
cisco Chapter on the 7th of April.
At the last held session' of King Solo
mon Chapter, Q. E-. S., several applica
tions were presented and several petition
ers were elected to become members.
After the routine business there was an
Impromptu programme which had for its
features vocal selections by Mrs. A. E.
Blake. Miss Charlotte G. Morris and
James E. Gordon, and recitations by Miss
Mae Frank O'Keefe. Light refreshments
were served and then there was an hour
of social converse. This chapter will pre
sent a farce, to be followed by a dance,
on the evening of the 16th of April. The
committee in charge is making elaborate
preparations for that ev,ent.
Last week Unity Chapter was visited
by District Deputy Grand Matron Mrs.
Sturdevant. It was the twentieth anni
versary of the institution of the chapter
and it was made the occasion of a grand
time for the many members and visitors
who were present. The work of the even
ing was exemplified in a most satisfac
tory way and the visiting deputy cre
ated a most favorable impression by the
manner in which ehe discharged the du
ties of her office. During the evening Oak
Leaf Chapter presented to Unity, in com
memoration of the china anniversary, a
beautiful china vase; the past patrons
were each presented a jewel of his rank
In the order and the deputy was present
ed a very fine crystal bonbon dish and
silver spoon.
Golden Gate Chapter, at its last held
session, had a short business meeting and
then a social hour, during which ice
cream and cakes were served to the mem
bers and visitors.
Harmony Chapter, on the .night of the
27 th Inst., had a. short business meeting,
which was followed by a dance in the
small banquet balL In addition to the
dancing there were several literary and
vocal numbers.
Ivy Chapter of the Order of the Eastern
Star at its meeting on the 23th of March
had a good attendance of members and
visitors. Several petitions for admission
were received and referred to the appro
priate committee, after which there was,
under good of the order, vocal selections
by Miss Kellogg and Miss Lockwood.
After adjournment the members went to
the lower hall, where there was dancing
until midnight. This chapter is arrang
ing for a party to be given on the night of
the 22d of April. The committee, com
posed of Mrs. Frances Lenory Bonifleld
(chairman), Mrs. Samuel Charles Wallis,
Mrs. James Gordon and Mrs. Oscar Her
bert Hickle, has decided to give a first
class entertainment, to be followed by
dancing, and when those who compose
that committee announce that it will be
a first -class function it may be taken for;
an assured "fact that Ivy's well-known
reputation for social features will be sus
tained. -
The Eastern Star.
which was very tastefully decorated with
American and British flags.
the pranks played on | members j were
many and the programme of dances was
excellent. In fact there, was fun for all
and all enjoyed the affair in the fullest,
even those who were made the victims of
April fool jokes. On the 12th . of j April
this lodge will have a lecture' and enter
tainment in Its lodgeroom. The subject
of the lecture is "The Amusing Side of
Life in the Streets and Bazaars of India,
the Land of Kip," by Dr. Marion F.
Sterling, who was a resident of the Orient
for many years. ' This will be only part
of the programme to be presented.
On March 20 there was a meeting in San
Jose of Stella, Josephine, Ada, ¦ Hesperian
and Philotorsia Lodge, comprising Dis
trict No. 3. The meeting held in Odd Fel
lows' Hall was attended by more than 300
members of the order and among the
prominent members were Mrs. Mitchell,
the president of the California Assembly;
Mrs. Mary E. Donoho, the secretary; A.
C. Bates. H. P., and Past Master P. F.
Gosbey. The meeting was in the nature
of a school of instruction and during the
session there was an • exemplification of
the degree work by a staff selected from
the- lodges assembled. There was also a
programme of entertainment and a ban
quet for 300. .
On the evening' of the 10th inst the
beneficial members of Bay City Circle of
the Companions of the .Forest of America
tendered a reception to the social mem
bers and also made it a surprise party
for Mrs. L. Mark, past chief of the
Circle, In approval of the earnest work
she has done for that organization. It
was a very pleasant affair that was
greatly enjoyed.
The domino party that was given by
the members of Inter Nos Circle of this
order on the uight of the 17th inst. in the
social hall or the Alcazar was attended
by not only the members of the circle but
many of the members* of New Century
Circle and representatives of other local
circles. There were many, attractive cos
tumes, and many that were worn for the
purpose of creating- amusement for the
many who were not in fancy attire. All
•n all it was a delightful affair that was
greatly enjoyed by those who took part,
and those who played wall-flowers.
Grand Chief Corapanibn Miss Alice Ti
coulet has instituted Sadi Carnot Circle
jn Oakland to work in the French lan
guage. The new circle starts with ihir
ty-slx members. The institution was in
ine hall of El Verbano Circle, and after
the ceremony the newly made compan- .
ions were the guests of El Verbano Cir
cle, who treated' them to a collation.
There were present Grand Sub Chief Mrs.
Worms, Past Grand Chief Mrs. Emma
Agnes Harrington, Grand Financial . Sec
retary Agnes D. Bremer and several
members of Martha Washington Circle.
On the 19th inst. Supreme Sub Chief
Companion Mrs. Lizzie Atwood. acting
in the place of the grand chief com
panion,' who was in Oakland institutinng
a new circle, paid the official visit. There
were present several of the grand offi
cers and visitors from Martha Washing
ton and New Century circles.
Golden Era Circle Ijas made arrange
ments for a grand prize package enter
tainment and party In the near future.
On the night of the 24th inst. New Cen
tury. Circle celebrated- the first anniver
sary of its institution by giving an at
home. The programme that ,had been ar
ranged by the committee, consisting of
Mrs. Davis,' Mrs. H..L. Lemme and C. F.
Large, was made up of the following:
Congratulatory- address, Companion Ja
cob:Label of the American Forester'Re
view; -address- on •' "Companionship,"- by
Honorary Member John J. Cordy, grand'
secretary of v the ¦ Foresters of America;,
.vocal selection. Mrs; Martin Beverr.6n;
address, M. Levy;. ballad, -Miss Foster;
instrumental selections, Florence Holt:
.'-'just- a few. remarks" on the growth of
the circle, by Deputy Grand Chief . Com
panion Mrs. Emma Agnes Harrington.
P. G. C. C. ; "Our Order." by Miss Agnes
D. Bremer, grand secretary; piano selec
tions;' Mrs. Dixon,- ' and funnyisms
by Honorary Member. Ernest. C. Stock.
Then followed dancing and the serving of
icecream and cakes.
Martha Washington Circle will give its
second entertainment and dance in the
Social Hall of the Alcazar on the night
of Tuesday, the 1st of April. A good pro
gramme has been prepared . to last an
hour and a quarter, after which the
dance will be, started.
American Companions.
The following-named were visitors at
the office of the grand secretary last
•week: Kitty Whalen of Las Lomas, El
sie Verrington of Orinda. S. Osterman of
Sans SoucI, Lily O. Reichling- Dyer, Flor
ence Temple, M. D., Mary Dempsey of
Minerva, Emma Matheson and Llllle
Borle of Genevieve, Emma Munson of
Piedmont and Alice Munson of Sans Soud
Parlor.
Occident Parlor celebrated an anniver
sary of its institution by tendering a re.
ception to the gentlemen friends of the
members. This is one of the oldest par
lors In the State and is Increasing- in
membership and has the largest amount
of funds of any of the parlors.
Past Grand President- Mrs. Conrad is
still at the bedside of her sick brother In
Sonora.
Hanford Parlor, which is but a. year
old. celebrated its anniversary last week
by a progressive euchre party. Tbis par
lor has been commended by the grand
officers for the excellent manner In which
the work of the order is performed by the
officers.
• jj the evening of the 24th inst.
Sans Soud Parlor was officially
/ \\ \\ vlsitefl by Grand President
[V \\ 1/ Mrs. Baker.^who, after: giv-
WAV/ lne the officers instructions
>C7 and witnessing the ritualistic
¦work, was by the parlor pre
sented with a large bunch* of beautiful
roses, the presentation being- by the presi
dent. After that Grand Vice President
Miss Eliza D. Keith and Grand Secretary
Miss Laura J. Frakes were each presented
-with a souvenir spoon in remembrance of
the visit- Then Past President Mrs.
Moouey presented to the grand president
on behalf of a number of her friends in
the parlor a fine crystal vase. Grand
Vice President Miss' Keith.- when called
upon to speak, complimented the Parlor,
extolled therttualistic work, saying that
it contains praise for the past, congrat
"l&UonB for the present and inspiration
tor the future; that its charges are im
pressive to all Native Daughters in re
gard to their duty to -the State- She;
laid that the Native Daughters should
Sve uptb their opportunities, and spoke
of the awakening ot Northern and Central
California. She declared that the Native
Daughters can help the State definitely
and effectively along several lines—
namely, the preservation of our forests
and the reforestratlon of the lands that
have been laid bare by the woodman s
ax the preservation of old landmarks
and the collection of historical relics; also
the advancement of California s commer
cial interests. ' .
La Vespero Parlor on the night of ttiv.
25th i'JSt initiated seven candidates in the
presence of a large number of the mem
bers and many visitors, among the num
ber being Grand Vice President Miss E.
D. Keith, Grand Secretary Miss * rakes,
Past Grand President Mrs. Mary E. Till
man and officers of all the city parlors,
Including several district deputy grand
presidents. The initiatory work was ex
ceedingly well performed, due in great
measure to following the correct instruc
tions given by the parlor's district dep
uty. Miss Annie Worth, a member of
Buena Vista Parlor. After the ceremo
nies there was a banquet, at which the
grand vice president complimented the
officers upon their perfect ritualistic work
and encouraged the members in the work
in which they are now engaged upbuild
ing the parlor. She said that it is located
at the outpost of the city's territory and
deserves to be encouraged and supported
by the entire membership v of the order.
Past Grand President Mrs. Tlllman spoke
with considerable fervor oh the subject
of right and Justice, which she contended
could be obtained only upon presentation
of both sides of a case in this order to
the tribunal that is able to finally settle
the questions that arise In the order,
namely, the Grand Parlor of the Native
Daughters. She also urged that all pri
vate and individual judgment should be
suspended until that tribunal passes upon
a question presented. Grand Secretary
Miss Frakes congratulated the parlor on
its continued prosperity, and stated that
the officers and the district deputy are
entitled to much credit for the able man
ner in which the initiatory work was
performed. She also had kind words for
the members, who have shown a deep in
terest-in the order and its prosperity.
On the 26th Aloha Parlor entertained the
grsnd president. The special guests of
honor aside from the grand president
were the grand ¦vice president and the
Errand secretary. After the regular work
of the evening there was an adjournment
to an adjoining hall, where a very fine
supper was served. The president on be
half of the parlor presented the grand
president a large bunch of carnations.
In accepting the gift and returning thanks
the grand president said that her hope
¦was that the joy of the membership of
Aloha may be as cleep as the ocean and
their sorrows as light as its foam. There
were present representatives of Alta,
Buena Vista, Oro Fino, Yosemite and
Fremont parlors.
On the 29th Inst. a new circle of the
Druldesses, with a membership of fifty,
organized by D. Bamman and H. Menke,
was instituted in Druidsi Hall.' It. will be
known as San Francisco Circle No. 19.
On the night of the 27th Grand Arch
Druidess Mrs. Sorensen instituted a new
circle at Napa. . ,
The recent visits of Grand Arch Druid
ess Anna Sorensen to the circle in Novato
and the one in • Petaluma were exceed
ingly pleasant official affairs that will
mark a milestone In the road of. progress
in each of these circles. At' each place
the grand officer and those who accom
paniedher were received with a mark of
cordiality which demonstrated the pleas
ure of the interior circles in being visited
by dignitaries of the order. At Novato
the work of the order was exemplified' hy
the initiation of two strangers, and at
Petaluma six were initiated by the officers
In regalia, each doing her work with a
remarkable degree of excellence. In ad
dresses that followed, the officers were
praised and the closing of the circle was
following by dancing and a banquet.
Aurora Grove at its last held meeting
was viert«d by Deputy Grand Arch Gug
lielmoni, who after witnessing the work
of the evening gave the members an in
teresting address on the necessity of
working for the order>
On Thursday night, the 27th Inst., Noble
Grand Arch Godeau, Deputy Grand Arch
Guglielmoni, Grand Secretary Martinoni,
Grand Trustee Armstrong and Past
Arches L. A. and Joseph Wolff paid a
visit to the grove in San Rafael, and a
very interesting session was held.
: A new grove, to be called Old Friends,
will be instituted in this city in a short
time. .
On Sunday night, March-23, a new grove
called Prince Louis Philip, which will con
duct its -business in the Portuguese .lan
guage, was instituted with a good charter
Jistin Odd Fellows'. Hall in East Oakland.
The 'institution was by Deputy Grand
Arch Charles . Gugliolmoni, assisted . by
Grand Secretary Martinoni. Grand .Treas
urer Horn and Past Arches L.- Palmer, L.
M.Fabbry and J. L. Gomez.' The. degree
work was by, G. Perry as noble arch,
Brother Lemos as vice arch, M. G. Ale
veio,as conductor and F. M.; ftefnos &s
past arch. After the Institution the offi
cers of the new grove, which has about
forty- names on the petition fora char
ter, promised to have eighty members be
fore the expiration of two months. After
the work was over there were addresses
by the grand officers. Past Arches. L. A.
Wolff, Joseph Wolff, Antone Plzzole, S.
Benedetto, J. Morezzi, Thomas. J. Brady,
JV<Jordano, G. Pizzole a.nd several others.
There were present members of Serpd
Pinto and Oakland grovee, In all about
fifty. .-,...
Hartnagle Supreme Arch Chapter on
Monday, the 24th inst., received several
petitions, which being favorably reported
upon by the committee on investigation,
the candidates were elected and six of
the number were, under Bpecial dispensa
tion, admitted by initiation. A tribute to
the memory of the late secretary, John
Hutton, was read and adopted by a rising
vote. L. Palmer was elected by a vote of
21 to 14 to fill the unexpired term of the
late secretary. .Members of • the chapter
were placed in nomination for. the various
offices for the ensuing term, and a selec
tion will be made at the next session.
There was initiatory work by District
Deputy Orton aS noble arch, J. Mlgnolo as
vice i arch i and G; . Moening as conductor,
the grand | officers assisting. After . th«
work there were a number of addresses
by the visitors for the good of the. order
and then refreshments were Served.
The following night the grand chancel
lor was tendered a reception and banquet
by Roma and Jefferson, the Italian-Amer
ican* lodges of San Francisco. .It was a
brilliant affair and • attracted a *large
number of knights. Roma la the largest
lodge, numerically, in the -State, anc! one
of the v/ealthfest. ;,... '•¦: ¦ -¦. .
S. Hilgerloh of Sonoma-. County . was • in
this city last week looking up headquar
ters for Friendship Lodge of Healdsburg
to be occupied during the convention
week. "... ;•: .\ .-¦; .¦¦¦,;. ..' ¦ • -'I
Sir Knight T. A. Nerney and expects to
have thtf finest apparel of any of the com
panies that will take part in the parade.
, Thfe net gain of members In th« order
In California during: the year 1901 war;143S,
giving ; a total -oieihoorahip .in v tbe Slate
on.theflrst of tne Ctfr/ejlt year of. 13.035.
The greater portion of .this increase was
during the last, half . of : the ' year .is
the largest*, gain -in •¦ the'. history-'. of ¦ the
order in ¦ Calif i :• nia. . The increase since
the . 1st ¦ of ' last January . has ; been even
larger than during the sameperiod in any
previous ! year. '.-- The- official results will
i.ot be tabulated . until just before ¦ the
next sessionvof the Grand' Lodge in'May.
The grand chancellor announces the fol
lowing visitations; April' 10,. to Golden
Beal Lodge,:: Davievifle : (special) :^llth,
Rathbone Lodge, V Jackson i . l2th, Amador
Lodge, Amador City: 14th, "Union Lodge,
SonoraJ 15th;. Angel ILodge,- Angels; 16th,
Carter Lodge, Carters; 17th, Coulterville,
Coulterville; 18th, Maripasa Lodge. »Mari
posa (special); 19th, Eagle Lodge, Chinese
Camp. -:—- -¦-—-' -•-¦ --•.----¦--.- .,.— .•
On the 24th Grand Chancellor C. L. Cal
kins officially .visited. Amazon Lodge, in
East Oakland \ and was enthusiastically
greeted by.'oile of the largest gathering*
of Pythians * yet held Jit that \ section-
There were delegations from Brooklyn,
Dirigo, University; and. other lodges- of
Alameda County. After the. official work
a banquet was served under the direction
cf the Rathbone Sisters of Amazon Tem-
Ele. Supreme • Representative George D.
amuels>nd Deputy J. R. ;. Sloan were
present, v..-^,' ¦ . ¦ • - ; .¦¦ ...
AS TOLD IN ATE-ROOMS OF LODGES
THE 4^N, FRAKGISCO CALL, ¦. SUNDAY^; MARCH 30, 1902.
coraic Bongs, A- .. Bentley. of Pickwick-
Percy C. Woodhouse was -the chairman
of the evening, and he was assisted by
Dr. Z. T. Malaby, R. Leach, H. W. Ger
rand and J.' M. Polnton. The programme
was followed by dancing in the hall,
SUPREME CHIEF RANGER OF IN
:DEPENDENT ORDER OF FOR
ESTERS.
32
: ADVEBTISEMENTS. — — .rrrr — ,~" • .
And What Makes It Ache.
By MARGARET. L.BR1GGS.
(AXJ. HIGHTS RESERVED.)
" It really is astonishing how many of \he things that make life mis-
It reany.is aswuw« & This is,, of course, more espe-
.emble:manif e st. themselves !"_"= £"^ more thlng3 about ,
ddtr true, of ;.««£J«£E t^l ££.££** the food Crcu.
tilliiSi^iS^ --ttae^ut you won't fiad aman
put in whole years of -their lives suffering '^J^f ° s
SnT s£ S •= -2£ ?r iS^ V -
¦ women are; who. find means to rid themselves of it. ,
A singular thing about backache Is that it -Is frequently take* .for
rheumatism: or lumbago, and treated with surf^apPlIcaUons such^as
llnlme-nts and plaster^ which really make it a good deal worse, because
they increase the inflammation within. * >.--.v', t • „«„,«.
' The real article in the way of a woman's backache always com.s
from something of a serious nature in the kidneys or uterine «*!«*«*
it is wholly true that nothing will stop the backache while, the infLm
mation exists. : Tme.- too. it is that; to cure this condition. "^T^'
have most intelligent aid. I>octor 3 bungle over backache continually.
" as 1 indeed 'they do over most of women's troubles. Whether It is be-
cause women do not make their symptoms plain to 'them, or because they
are puzzled by the great variety of symptoms. I 'never could understand;
certain, however. It is that the women I know who have been trying for
years to get rid of backache have gone to a doctor right along, and none
of them have been benefited by the treatment. I have heard, too. of so
many other women having this same experience, that I think there is
something! about women's diseases difficult for a physician to diagnose
and treat.
In a general way, backache is a sort of neuralgia fed constantly from
a storm center in the kidneys or uterus. It Is- a nervous trouble which
sets up an irregularity in the circulation, clogging some of the blood cells
or vessels or veins with an instant and constant inflammation. Nor can
you stop this inflammatory process without you bring the nerves to a
normal state, and the difficulty of finding the right medicine for a woman's
nerves is the rock on which the doctor's efforts usually come to grief.
There is little doubt in my mind that the reason Lydla. Finkham'3
Compound is so effective in curing backache is because its action is on
the organs which control the movement of the blood. Ther^e is no ques-
' tion that Mrs. Pinkham's medicine is a great thing for women who hava
any disorder of the feminine organs or any backache or nervousness, so
that there must be a logical reason for its good work.
I know a great many women don't want to take Lydla E. Pinkham's
Vegetable Compound for the absurd reason that it is so well known, and
the equally absurd 1 reason that it is advertised.. Then, too, they dislike
to ask for it at the drug store. I have always noticed, however, that when
a woman buys her first bottle of this medicine she is so much improved
by it that she continues the medicine for several bottles, and becomes
thoroughly enthusiastic about the help it has been to her.
I think that all women with backache might take a hint from this
and make the small effort necessary to test Mrs. Pinkham's medicine, for
it does what no other treatment does I ever knew about, and certainly
what no ordinary physician's treatment does— It stops backache. It has
to my knowledge cured some distressing cases of it, and I have heard and
read of many more. You cannot well ignore these well-known facts
about this medicine, if you really want to get rid fit that eternal ache. It
; does cure others, thousands of ;, others, why not you?
! W'i3^£i^hr ¦* *'* KE A PIE TEOR
i '''4&l££ii*£&Z\ *te electric lighted coaches of the
.California.
Lil^IITEEi
. . .Shoot Eskstwcu-d through, the night"— like z*. Meteor Hv \
; • speed this luxurious tradr\ m&Kes the journey from
i Sao\ Francisco to j Chicago irt three days.YOUNG WOMAN WHOSE ENGAGE
MENT TO AN OAKLAND MAN
HAS JUST BEEN ANNOUNCED.
BERKEIiEY, March 29.— W. C. Jurgens,
who for the past five years has been man
ager of the Students' Co-operative Asso
ciation at the University of California,
tendered his resignation to the directors
at their meeting last night. It was ac
cepted and James R. Davis appointed to
fill the vacancy. Jurgens, with .T. W.
Slgourney of Oakland, has purchased the
wholesale liquor establishment of \V.
M. Watson & Co. In the county seat. The
new owners will take charge immediately.
Davis, the new manager of the co-opera
tive store, has been connected with it for
live years, first as clerk and later as book
keeper and cashier. His appointment ex
pire:: September 1 of this year, and if his
management proves successful he will un
doubtedly be continued In the position.
Betires as Manager of California Cc-
Operative Association and J. R.
;,V V ; Davis Steps in.
JX7BGENS LEAVES
STUDENTS' STOBE
OAKLAND, March 20.— Michael Burke,
a shoemaker residing at Benicia. was
struck to-night b'y a Berkeley local train
near Shell Mound station, sustaining
probably fatal injuries. Burke was found
at S o'clock between the track and a
fence by Southern Pacific Brakeman- Matt
McKiernan, who noticed the man's un
conscious form. He was removed to the
receiving Hospital, where the surgeon's
examination disclosed his serious condi
tion. Besides a probable fracture of the
skull at the base of the brain. Burke had
four ribs broken and suffered numerous
minor bruises and cuts, and also Internal
injuries of a serious character. None of
the railroad men knew how the accident
occurred.
Burke had been visiting a family named
McGllnchy, living at Snell Mound. The
position of the body when it was found
indicated that he must have been struck
by a Berkeley local train, as he was lying
near the tracks on the Berkeley side of
the station. -
Benicia Man Is Fatally
Injured by a Berke
ley Train.
ANOTHER VICTIM
AT SHELL MOUND
' REDDING, March > 2tt. — The Southern Pa
cific . Company is . adopting a novel method of
clearing . away the tons of earth that ¦ came
down. In a recent slide ; near '• Elmore station,
north of here. A hydraulic pipe .will ' be used
and the- great body of loose- earth will bn
washed down the hill. An engine haa been
sent up to pump water from the river.
OAKLAND; March 29.— Hunt, Hatch &
Co., Fossing & Gallagher and Deinoux &
Gray,' Eleventh-street produce commis
sion firms, have consolidated under the
name i of • Hunt, " Hatch . & Co. The new
firm .will -build » a large packing house at
Adams' wharf.
Produce Firms Consolidate.
William F. Morse; who resides at 42
Landers street, and who is a plumber by
trade, • was seriously injured yesterday
afternoon while working on a house at
1813 Post street. He was ascending a lad
der attached to the side of . the house,
when one of the rungs broke and he was
precipitated to the ground. His spine was
wrenched and It is feared by the doctors
at the Central Emergency Hospital, where
he was treated, that he may have sus
tained internal injuries.-
Plumber Injured by. Fall.
OAKLAND. March 29.— R. B. Mott. an
Alameda real estate dealer, bid $49,000 to
day for the Talbot -stock farm at San
Leandro and the property was knocked
down to him, 1 subject to . the ¦ owner's »p
firoval. The sale of the Fred C. Talbot
ands and the extensive personal property
thereon, attracted a throng of prospective
purchasers. . The auction was under di
rection of .Woodward, Wo tson & Co., of
this city.- Good prices were realized for
the livestock, household and farming and
stable equipment. .
Talbot Stock Farm Sale.
OAKLAND. March 29.— Commencing to
morrow evening Florence Roberts, with
a large company, will appear at the Mac
donough Theater for a week In "Zaza."
A scenic revival of "Uncle Tom's
Cabin." with Landers Stevens as Legree
and Effle Bond as Topsy, will be the com
ing week's. bill at the Dewey Theater.
At the Oakland Theaters.
OAKLAND. March 29.— After slaying
two dozen chickens and gathering up a
lot of feathers, a thief overhauled by
Policeman George Brown, at 4:30 o'clock
this morning, escaped after a long chase
by plunging into Tcmescal Creek. It was
Boveral hours after this encounter that
G. W. Burr, residing at 424 Edwards
street,. and a neighbor, S. W. Batchalder,
found their henhouses had been invaded
during the night and twenty-four fine fat
fowl lay dead with their throats cut and
bodies stripped of feathers. The thief
dropped a sackful of feathers during his
pursuit by tho policeman.
Feather Thief Eludes Pursuer.
Among Mrs. Hudson's effects were two
bank books. One was in the name of An
derson and Mrs. Hudson Jointly. The
other was in t Mrs. Hudson's ¦ name. It
shows a deposit of $112 40 still In bank.
Mrs. Bunce wanted to assume charge
of the estate of her dead sister-in-law,
but Deputy Coroner James Fowler re
ferred her to the .Public Administrator.
An autopsy disclosed that Mrs. Hudson
died from natural causes. There will be
an Inquest Monday afternoon.
Some months ago George A. Anderson,
a retired San Francisco police officer, died
at the Hudson cottage at the West End.
Neighbors ami those who knew Mrs.
Hudson well believed that through his
death she became a widow, and the
widow allowed this impression to prevail.
Mrs. Bunce denies that Mrs. Hudson was
divorced from Robert N. Hudson and. al
though separated from him for many
years, she affirms he contributed to de
cedent's support. Hudson is reputed to be
well-to-do. Mrs. Bunce states that Hud
son wrotQ to her two weeks ago that he
was coming to California, but asserts she
has not heard from him since.
According to the declarations of Mrs.
J. W. Bunce of 137a Sacramento street,
San Francisco, Mrs. Susie Hudson, the
aged woman who was found dead in bed
yesterday, was not a widow, but leaves a
husband, Robert N. Hudson, whose resi
dence is in New York. Mrs. Bunce says
she Is Mr. Hudson's sister. If her asser
tions are true, Mrs. Hudson lived a dual
life in this city. • <-/ /• ----- -^
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, March 29.
- With this plan in mind Poniatowski and
his associates commissioned the real es
tate firm to secure options for a tract
suitable for a passenger depot in the
midst of the . thickly populated districts.
The attempt was first made at Church
and Market streets, but much difficulty
was met. Some of the holders lived in
the East, and the unusual effort to get
four months' options caused some to place
prices ¦ beyond all reason on their prop
erty. Attention was then turned to a
tract at Eleventh and Market streets, op
poslto Van Ness avenue. Here obstacles
of the same nature were met. j The agents
then • approached holders of property in
the . block' bounded by Valencia, Elgin
Park, Thirteenth and Hermann streets.
Four months' options were secured from
a number of holders, $30 to $100 being paid
for options, varying with the stse and
value of. the holdings. Asking prices
leaped upward' some 400 per cent and the
agents again found themselves unable to
secure a suitable tract at figures within
reason, . and ' they so reported to Ponla
towekl. •
The Burllngamo promoter expects to en
tertain George Gould In San Francisco in
the near future, and if Gould arrives
events of the greatest importance to San
Francisco are to be expected. If the Cen
tral Pacific does .not offer acceptable
terms for traffic arrangements westward
from Salt Lake it is predicted that Gould
will rush through a coast extension of
tho Denver and Rio Grande, with San
Francisco in view as the ultimate ter
minus. / ' • ' ..' ¦ ' :<
When Thomas Magee & Sons . caused
realty values in the vicinity of the junc
ture of Market and Valencia streets to
jump several hundred per cent . a month
ago by trying to secure options on all the
holdings within certain blocks, the firm
was acting for Prince Poniatowski and
other local capitalists who have faith that
the Gould Interests will ultimately build
to the metropolis of the Pacific. The San
Franciscans who are interested in the
matter hope to be able to show the East
ern magnates how to reach the city by
the most advantageous route' when once
Gould and his associates learn that in
self-defense they must have an outlet to
the chief Beaport of the Pacific Coast.
Poniatowski contends that the next
transcontinental line that comes into San
Francisco must come by the San Mateo
route. He believes that the most prac
ticable route is to be found by avoiding
the Ocean View grades and expensive
cut by striking oceanward and proceeding
via the Lake Merced region and the Spring
Valley, Water Works. Entrance to, the
center of I population and business can be
secured, the Prince maintains, by tunnel-
Ing through the hills adjacent to the Twin
Peaks.
Mrs. Biince Claims Mrs.
Hudson Led Dual
Life.
forts to Get Options
in Mission.
Poniatowski Behind Ef-
SAYS DECEASED
LEFT HUSBAND
READY TO SHOW
GOULD TIE WAY
ELKS' ANNUAL BANQUET
IN GOLDEN GATE ASYLUM
. . : . . , _.$.
Agnes Quadt, at their residence, 258 Thir
teenth street, in honor of Mr. and Mrs.
Franklyn Carty of Papaaloa, Hawaiian
Islands, who are sojourning in this city.
A select vaudeville entertainment, ar
ranged by- William Fenstermacher and
William Kells was thoroughly enjoyed by
all- present. Refreshments* followed the
programme and toasts were given in
honor of the happy couple, who will Bhort
ly depart for their home in the islands.
Only the intimate friends of Mr. Carty
were present. .
A delightful surprise party was ten
dered Mrs. W. H. Colby last Tuesday
evening at her residence, 243 Colllngwood
street. Dancing, singing and games were
enjoyed until a late hour, when supper
was served in the large dining-room.
Numerous selections were rendered by an
orchestra. Fancy- dancing by Master
Fred McKay and Miss Violetta McKay
added to the evening's enjoyment. Among
those present were: Miss Edith Austin,
Miss Lizile Geti, Miss Emma McKay,
Miss Hortense Durand, Miss Bessio Froat,
Mlsa Katie McKay, MIbs Annie Jenson,
Miss Mary Magle, Miss Jennie Falke,
Miss Amy Schiller, Miss Klttte Cowig,
Miss Kittle Marks, Miss Annie Cowig,
Miss Georgia McKay, Mrs. C. C. William
son, Mrs. W. H. Colby, . Mrs. G. S. Mc-
Kay. Mrs. B. P. Walls, Mrs. M. Marks,
Mrs. Ruth Colby, Joe Fitzgerald, E. J.
Brandon, E. Horan, G. Walls, W. Harri
son, Jim Corbctt, Mr. McCarty, E. Harris,
Thomas McKay. Charles Lyman, Fred
Muller Harry Marks, Fred Volman, C.
C. Williamson, Joseph Levin, George Mc-
Kay, P. Walls and M. Marks. *i
Miss Jean Wilson was the hostess at
an enjoyable party at her home, 769 Har
rison street, last Tuesday evening. The
evening was spent in dancing and various
games. A dainty supper was served. The
guests present were: Mr. and Mrs.
Thomas Wilson, Mrs. Fletcher, Miss Hat
tie Wilson, Mr. and Mrs. W. Reed, Mr.
and Mrs. C. Stewart, Maggie Boyd, Will
Townley, Nellie Anthony, Walter Camp
bell, Birdie Burton, Harry Anthony, Ma
mie McBride, Fred Howe, Jeanette Cun
ningham, Charles Macdonald, Anna Cun
ningham, Will Pedlar, Mabel Spring
Frank Hall, Mabel Shaw, Frank Mc-
Kechnie, Walter Heed Jr. and John Me-
Indow.
Dunn. Is Presented With
Silver Service.
Outgoing Exalted Ruler Thomas E.
The annual banquet of San Francisco
Lodge No. 3, B. P. O. E., in the banquet
hall of Golden Gate Asylum last evening
was attended by about 200 members, who
occupied seats at small tables In the hall,
which was profusely decorated with
American flags and sea green festoons of
soft cloth and ferns. The principal table was
occupied by Judge J.' C. B. Hebbard, the
tonstmaster; Deputy Grand Exalted Ruler
C. L. Ruggles, the present officers and the
ofllcers-elect of the lodge. The menu was
printed on heavy cardboard and after each
course was a poetical quotation apropos of
the same. An orchestra discoursed popu
lar airs during the- repast and when
-catchy airs, were .^ployed those present
drowned the music by their vocal efforts.
. After the repast the toastmaster, re
minding those present that the order is
patriotic, called. upon all to rise and drink
to the health of the President of the
United States. Then followed tho presen
tation of a case of silver tableware to
Thomas E. Dunne, the exalted ruler who
will soon retire from office. Then there
was the presentation of a fob and em
blematic charnvto Larry W. Harris, the
funny man of the lodge, for the amuse
ment he had contributed during the time
of his. membership.
Judge Percy V. Long, the exalted ruler
elect, delivered a short and eloquent ad
dress, . In which he showed his apprecia
tion of the honor of being elevated to the
highest office in the lodge. J. Westover
eulogized the work of the ruler who Is
about to retire and at 11 o'clock all rose to
drink to' the absent ones. Then 1 came in
Ferris Hartman, Harry Cashman and
many from the vaudeville theaters, who
entertained with specialties and at an
early hour this- morning "the festivities
closed with the. singing of "Should Auld
Acquaintances Be Forgot."
•WASHINGTON. March 29.— C.- H. Thomp
son, United States Marshal for Oklahoma; has
resigned to engage in private business.
• Hi the Future.
Miss Agnes C. McNamara, whose work
in keromic and water colors has won for
her such widespread success, ' will open
her new and pretty studio in the Union
Square building on the first three days in
April with an informal reception. Over
500 invitations have been extended for the
occasion and those who received them
feel an infinite pleasure, for aside from
the admiration her thorough knowledge
of art awakens Is the fact of her success
There was a pleasant gathering of
young people Tuesday evening, March 20,
at the home of Misses Minnie and Annie
Meinberger. 3159 Twenty-fourth street.
The evening was spent in games and
music until midnight, when a repast was
served. Among those present were: Hat
tie Kornmayer, Gussie Sparmer, Virginia
Dunn. Hattie Dugan. Edith Carroll, Stella
Elliott, Grace Morris, Misses Minnie and
Annie Meinberger. George Ahlborn. Fred
Pflager, Charles Chick>-ola, Frank Mayer,
Tel Leamann, Ed Kerns, Ralph and Vallie
Meinberger and Harry Regan.
, On last Tuesday evening a reception
was given by the Misses Mamie and
Mr. and Mrs. James W. Hurnham cele
brated the thirty-ninth anniversary of
their marriage on Saturday evening,
March 22, at the Poodle Dog restaurant.
It was a family affair and with a theater
party in the evening. Those, present were:
Mr. and Mrs. James W. Burnham, Mr.
and Mrs. F. D. March. r>r. William H.
Burnham and Mrs. Mabel Devo- oy.
Beautiful flowers were sent by friend3
and Mr. and Mrs. Burnham received a
number of elegant presents.
A party was given Saturday . evening,
March 22, by Mrs. J. B. Jones to her
daughter. Mabel, at her residence, 3519
Twentieth street. Those present were:
Miss Kate Lightbody, Miss Julia Gregory,
Miss Annie Holjes. Miss Edna Pracy,
Mrs. J. B. Jones, Miss Mabel Jones, J. S.
Wren, Gus Colben, Ed Price, Paul Boy
ens, Mark Jones, Mr. Tedlie and J. B.
Jones.
Pearce. O. N. Bronson, A. W. Grant, Wil
liam Besbe. Charles and Edward Gor
hem, William Gleeson, George Begurson,
Edward Murphy. T. O'Dea and P. Pearce.
A Purim party was given at the home
of Mr. and Mrs. I. Harris, 20 Sherwood
place, on Sunday, March 23. The guests
were: Rev. A. M. Somers, S. Hoffman,
Miss Rose Hoffman, Miss Gussie Hoffman,
Miss Cecelia Wilson, Miss Anna Wilson,
Miss Lottie Amazen of Point Richmond,
Miss Gertie Meyer, Miss Celia Harris, J.
Kanody of Vallejo, Ed Cohen of Chicago,
Alee Cohen, I. Harris Jr., A. G. Harris
and H. I*. Harris.
A Purim dinner was given by Mr. and
Mrs. Louis Epstein at their residence, 538
Mission street, Sunday, March 23. The
table and rooms were elegantly decorated
with flowers and flags. The guests were
attired in beautiful masquerade costumes.
Those present were: Mr. and Mrs. l*ouls
Epstein, Mr. and Mrs. Melmon. Louie
Molmon, Maurice Melmon, Harry Epstein,
Route and Fanny Epstein. LUlle Epstein,
Able Melmon and Alice Epstein.
The tenth anniversary of the wedding
of Mr. and Mrs. Page was celebrated on
tb« ISth inst. at their residence, 19 Ewing
place. Their rooms were prettily decor
ated. Music and singing were the fea
tures of the evening. The following were
present: Mr. and Mrs. Page, Mr. and
Mrs. West, Mr. and Mrs. Cunningham,
Mr. and Mrs. Gramlowe, Mr. and Mrs.
Nelson, Mrs. Thorpe, Mrs. Meay, Mrs.
Buzzini, Mrs. Mitchel, Mrs. Donovan, Mrs.
Puttuck, Miss Tobin, Miss Puttuck. Miss
West, S. Gianettini. E. Kaabe, G. Erb,
Mr. Murray. Mr. Morris. Mr. Buxzini. Mr.
Hughes, Mr. Edwards and Master "West.
A very pleasant surprise party was
given on March 20 to Mrs. William Pat
terson of 2533 Mission street by several
of her friends, the occasion being her
birthday. The guests were: Mrs. Stokes,
Dr. Mary Moody, Mr. and Mrs. J. H.
Blajteway. Mr. and Mrs. W. Gilbert. Mrs.
G. Compton, Mr. and Mrs. Rlffee, Mr. S.
W r <feks. Miss J. Heffeman, Miss Cox, Mr.
Bishop, Mr. W. Taggart, Mrs. E. Lothrop,
Mrs. E. Carpenter, Mr. and Mrs. Barrie,
Mr. and Mrs. Casey. Miss L. Phillips,
Miss Pansy Patterson, Mrs. M. Murray,
Aletta and Anna Carpenter, Mr. Don
Compton. Frank and Gladys Blakeway,
Miss Jessie Compton, Mr. and Mrs. Wil
liam Patterson, Mr. George Compton,
Ramon and Chester Gilbert and Miss Ida
Lothrop.
A most enjoyable home dinner and re
ception were given at the residence of
Mrs. Catherine Hlsgen, 1307 Webster
street, on the evening of the 26th inst.
The occasion was the birthday anniver
sary of the lady, who Invited a few «>f
her most intimate lady friends to enjoy
a bome-cooked German dinner. Those
present were: Mrs. Charles Meyer, Miss
Lottie Meyer. Mrs. C. Roeder. Miss Ullle
Roeder. Mrs. H. Rahlmann, Miss Jo
sephine Kahlmann, Miss Emma Rahl
n.ann. Miss Etta Kahlmann. Mrs. F. Mon
nier. Mrs. P. Schwerat, Mrs. B. Young,
Mrs. Philip Hewer, iturs. A. Gerdes, Mrs.
K. Jacoby, Miss Johanna Jacoby, Mm.
George Cummins. Mrs. L. Lang. Mrs. P.
Robinson, Miss Kate de Vecchlo, Mrs.
Julius Fuendeling and Miss Cassle Fuen
dcUag.
An enjoyable affair was the birthday
surprise party "en masque" given Miss
Minnie Moore at her aunt's residence,
Mrs. M. Mallry. r.6 Halght street, Satur
day evening, March 22. Many of the cos
tumes were rich and handsome, while not
u. few were original and the characters
well portrayed, notably: "Miss Japan,*'
-Miss Nellie Moore: "California." Miss
Alicia Gorham; "Miss Frisco." Miss Clo
thllde Besbe; "Alabama Gal." Miss Stella
Carty: "Night." Miss Nellie Malley:
"Carmen," Miss Nellie Besbe; ''Colonial
M'.fs." Miss Kathryn Gorham; "Volun
teer," A. W. Grant; "Flower Girl." Miss
Myrtle Carberry; "General Miles," Wil
liam Besbe; "Ole Bull," James McCul
lcugh; "Paganini." James Macdonough;
"Miss Prim." Miss Ella Foley. The
feature, however, was the group, "How
to Conduct a Hotel," by Mesdames Green,
McCullough, Carty, Moore and Malley.
After unmasking musical selections were
rendered on \iolin by Messrs. McCullough
and Macdonough: on piano by tbe Misses
Gcrham. Foley, Malley and Daniker. and
songs by Miss Minnie Moore and others.
Aa elegant supper and dancing served to
make the hours pass swiftly and pleas
antly till the morn. The following were
present: Mr. and Mrs. T. Green, Mr. and
Mrs. M. C. Gorham, Mr. and Mrs. J. Mal
ley. Mrs. L. Carty. Mrs. Mary Moore, the
Misses Nellie and Minnie Moore. Nellie
Malley. Kathryn and Alicia Gorham, Nel- J
lie, Minnie and Clothilde Besbe. Stella
and Lillie Carty, Annie and Katie Burke,
Laura Daniker, Nora Pearce, Ella Foley.
Myrtle Carberry. Annie Carr and KittJe
Green; Messrs. James McCullough, Luke
Horn* Parties.
Mr. and Mrs. L. D. Stoff, who have
taken up their residence at 511 Stockton
street, will be at home to their friends
on Sunday afternoon, April 6, from 2 to 5
o'clock. . . ... ;-.
Mr. F. . W. Dohrmann, who has been
confined to his bed for the past three
weeks, is convalescing and will soon
leave for the country. ...-¦• ¦ ¦¦. ;
Mr. and Mrs. S. Jacobowsky announce
the confirmation of their son, Morltz, at'
the Sherith Israel Synagogue on Satur
day, April 12. A reception will be held at
their residence, 517 Natoma street, Sun
day. April 13. . . ;.. '
After April 1 Mrs. Albert Ingalsbe, for
merly of 160S Vallejo street, will be at
home the first and second Fridays at the
Stewart, 1101 Pine street.
Mr. and Mrs. R. A. "Vance sailed on the
Kaiser Wilhelm March 25 for Paris, where
the latter will meet her sister, Mrs. La
Rue. Together they will visit the • cities
of Interest in the old world. Mrs. Vance
will be. missed by her friends in Califor
nia and society loses for. a time a charm
ing hostess. . • ¦ -
, Mr. and Mrs. L. Levy, formerly of Fres
no, are now residing at 1350 Hyde street,
corner of Washington.
The Misses Beatrice. and Marguerite
Friederlch, twin daughters , of the late
Gustav Friederich,' have returned from
their European sojourn, arriving at New
York on March 27, en route for i San Fran
cisco. ¦ ¦%¦¦¦'.¦
C. A. Elsenberg of C. A. Elsenberg &
Co. has left the city for an extended trip
through Europe. '.::.:';
Mrs. Klttie Martland of Oakland is vis
iting her brother, Thomas Hallahan, • in
El Paso. , ¦
Personal.
Mr. and Mrs. A. Meertief have left for
New- York and will sail from there April
22 to make a six months' tour of Europe.
Sailed Away.
The -wedding of Miss Julia Greenbaum
to Julius Mendelsohn of Butte City.
Mont., took place last Sunday at the
home of the bride's parents, G77 McAllister
street. The house was decorated with
ierns. evergreens and smilax. Both bride
and groom were the recipients of many
costly gifts. Mr. and Mrs. Mendelsohn
¦will tour through the interior States,
after which they will reside in Butte,
Mont, where the groom is engaged in
business.
They're Married.
They're Engaged.
Mr and Mrs. Henry m reaen announce
the engagement of their daughter Caro
hn to William von Husen.
"Mr and Jdrs. 1. Strassburger announce
ihe engagement of their daughter. Miss
Belle isftsassburger. to J. Delmore Heder
inan orXcw York.
The engagement is announced of Miss
Anne K. Tobin, daughter of Mrs. T. IX
Tobin of this city, to Mr. Charles H. Bock
Jr.. of Oakland. The wedding will take
place in June.
The usual monthly meeting of the Mis
sion Literary Club was held March 20 at
the residence of Mrs. T. Banks, 2914 Mis
sion-, street. ¦ There were ten members
present. A- short business session ! was
held, with Mrs/ J. Kemp, the newly elect
ed president, in .the chair. "Romeo and
Juliet", was selected for the afternoon
reading. Mrs. Banks' little ' daughter
danced the Highland fling very prettily.
Refreshments were served. '
Club Parties.
social. Mrs. T. S. Taylor, of San Rafael,
the well-known ! miniature • artist, will be
among the » guests at the reception. > v:;-.
There will be'a Dulce Domum cotillon
at Golden Gate Hall on Friday evening.
April 4. • ,¦¦• •¦;•¦•.. •. • . . ¦'. ¦¦•¦¦•
The Alpha Kappa Kappa Fraternity of
the University of California will enjoy a
dance In the Palace Hotel ballroom on
April 1. i " - . ¦ ;..
The members of the Entre .Nous Co
tillon will give their next assembly . and
german on Friday evening, | April 25, ! in
the new; ballroom of the Palace Hotel. \
The Orientals will give a dance at
Golden Gate Hall, Tuesday evening,
April 3.
the week of penitence and
religious devotion has brought forward
the true spirit of the Lenten season ana
prepared tbe hearts of all for a happy
Eastertide.
f^/v OLY WEEK was as quiet
| I socially as every weeK of
-^- J L^nt should have been had
""*"" I society considered ths
J y clergyman's point, of view.
X/^ and there is no doubt but
SOCIETY EVENTS OF A WEEK
33
THE SAN FKANGISCO GALL, SU3STDAY, ; MARCH c 30, 1902.
'^^¦.yi : '\ __'-.'.'_ _¦_'... . _ ¦,'_¦„¦_ ' NEWMAN & LEVINSON; . ..... '^ L ¦
•' @^jaUW^ -
The Very Newest Wash Goods
.¦^.Everything that is really new and desirable for Suits, Waists and Children's Dresses is
'represented here in our superb array of Summer Wash Fabrics. At no time have we carried such
an extensive assortment or quoted such prices as follow below :
Pretty Lawns in various styles of stripes, , \ .Imported Fancy Silk Striped Tissues,
figures and dots in " the :" latest color" 1 Q_~ extra sheer cloth, in choicest of colors, -_>:r _
combinations, per yard ....:..;.... ....!.. .... I^aGj per yard ;. OOC
Fancy Figured Batistes in a large 11T-. New Grass Linens, in the prettiest of as\
assortment of new. patterns, per. yard... lpC colored silk stripes, per yard t-UC
" Figured Swiss Lawns— new, sheer and Imported Silk Striped Genadines, in
light fabric with 1 .'mercerized embroidered QAr* b' ac ' c and light colored grounds with /r\
stripes, per yard ........t. -^UC colored silk stripes, per yard OUC
Imported Scotch Zephyrs in new stripes QC^ Extra Fine Quality Grass Linens with / r\
and corded effects, latest colorings, at... ¦aDC dots, in all the leading colors, at uUC
Specials in the Drapery Department
COUCH ; COVERS— double faced, Oriental SWISS CURTAINS— finished with ruffles, in
¦'designs,- T60 1 inches wide for couch', with dots, open work stripes and new jacquard
fringe on'bothehds, special while they (ho rr a figures, . hemmed ready for rod — extra <i>i qc
last, each ..........:...; ........:......... >4>O.«-/\J value, per pair v|)l.zO
.'JPORTI^ BURLAPS— solid colors, 36 inches wide in
-yards ' long; and -full widthp'.fringed' top and olive, green, red, tan and blue, a good
bottom, in a' large iV •yarietjrof: beautiful^ ''CO 7^ ; stron o anc^ serviceable material, per r\r\
Oriental colors, per pair. ;;.*.:i....'/.?.\...' ! .'Cp-Z./v yard JMO
Sale of v Cushion Covers
In Entirely New and Exceptionally Attractive Designs
' Lot 1.— Persian Cushion Tops, size ic\ \- Lot 3.— SoJome Cushion Covers, with ok
24x24, in new colorings, each.... Itf'aCv top and back in elaborate designs, at... OOC
Lot 2.— Oriental Cushion Tops, in a O^y, Lot 4 — Cretonne "Cushion Cases, oc
great variety to choose from £OC> with ruffle, in new figured designs OOC
Ladies' Seasonable Underwear
Ladies' Swiss Ribbed White Lisle Ladies' Fine Cotton Ribbed Union
Thread Vests, low neck and no sleeves j-a Suits, in high neck and no sleeves, mm
with hand crocheted fancy yoke, special at 3ww special, per suit.. v i«)C
Ladies' Equestrienne Tights, in fine Ladies' Swiss Ribbed Cotton Union
quality ribbed cotton, knee and ankle j-a Suits, low neck and no sleeves, in *i *p
length, color cream white, per pair «"w white and ecru, per suit tpuZt)
interesting Items in Notions
We now have the largest notion department in; California — Customers are being served more
satisfactorily than ever before. Here are hundreds of articles required in the household We
mention a few at prices to attract trade to this busy spot.
Asbesto lined Iron holders, each 5c Bodice Belt Pins, for long waist effect 1 5c
. /-Flashskins" for polishing metals 10c Feather bone stock collar foundations. 1 5c
Cube Pins, containing 100 pins 5c Jewels for trimming, all colors, 100 for 50c
So-no-more dress shield retainers, easily and simply Dress Shields for shirt waist, detachable and easily
adjusted, set of 4 25c changed, pair 23c
The "Pearl" combination suit hangers, for waist . Stamped linen turnover collars, assorted designs
and skirts, 18c each, 2 for 30c each ; 5 C
Velvet grip hose supporters, fasten to the corset, Gilt and Oxidized Belt Buckles, large variety of
heavy silk elastic, per pair 50c new designs and shapes, each 50c
II Kearnp and Suffer Sfs. \\ '
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
And all other facial blemishes are removed by
DR. and MRS. A. \V. TRAVERSE. Donohoo
bulldlnr. 1170 Market street, cor. Taylor, room*
28-20. with the electric needle without pain or
scar; permanency guaranteed; hour* 1 to 4 p. m.
Brahman Toilet Cream
CURES ECZEMA. POISON OAK AND DAN-
DRUFF. Sold by J. 8. Potts Drug Co.. loin
Market street, and other druggists; also at of*
nee of Dr. A. W. Traverse. 1170 Market street.
gftffj^ SAGGING CHEEKS.
ffi^lSa&r Ba SSY chin, flabby
"vCyf throat, bump nose* out-
*"YvT) standing* ears corrected
by a simple operation,
without slightest pain or visible scar,
as attested by results of three slight
operations made on my own face to
correct hump nose and sagging skin In
upper lids. I also remove— positively to
stay removed— any case of wrinkles* or
freckles in seven days by the only
reliable remedies. Eleven yrffers of
practical daily experience in this work.
Consultation either In person or by
letter is free and strictly confidential.
Call or address New York Institute of
Dermatology, 52 Columbian Building.
916 Market street, San Francisco.
IM&> PPfWQ HIT WDIHVI £Q
mg unUff 0 riXlp WniliilLLO jBl
I Lola Montez fa Your Gray Hair
iCreme... ....Not Wanted
§ Tho great skin food, tissue builder and t^^^^ C^AY HAIR Is a bar to employment nnd
I beautlfler, feeds tho Impoverished skin, jaSMbt* M^^ftSI j<G**m. to pleasure, but there Is a relief from It. In
I prevents CROW'S FEET, restoring the ij^^^ L FOUR DAYS It can be restored to Its nat-
[j natural color and plumpness of youth. I «OM^ J&^lPlliP M*"* Cl wal color by using
[1 use It myse'f. and my own face Is my W** $gf m^M S/jLT? MrC NaHiV Hflirfcnfl'e
[j bestteslmonlal. 75c a Jar. enough for 3 iL - 4ffiS /hPffSIl V&m£ llvlllw iIuill5UH5
U Thatgreatsst cf all dlcflgjromontsof a \l>' Swifc^^^^ •/ __^®' lldll IVvolUlwl
I woman's faco permanently removed. In flfter Use of MRS NETTIE H ARRIS3N t After Useof »t Is not a. dye, but In a natural Way It
B tho only successful way-wlththe ELrc- A .n a y Re»tor*r Dermatologist. 4-Day Restorer acts on the-roott,' compelling, tho. secre-
|j TRIC KEEDLE, as operated by Mrs. Har- „ " - »occ tlon of the pigments that give life and
1 rlson. * it\, I A Lj J A It itxtZLiBZLm color to the halr-ln four days. $1 a bot-
I Warts. Freckles, Moles. Pimples and LAD , ES 8?nd , ng this ad. with IO cents In stamps,
fj Wrinkles quickly removed under my vvlll receive a book of Instructions and a box of Skin the preparatlorf perfect for mustache as
m personal treatment at my parlors. pood and Face Powder free. well as the hair. No grease, not sticky.
MRS. NETTIE HARRISON, Derfflatolopst
If / O dllll OKJ VJCdl J OLI CCL, Odll JT I ClI I V/lOy/lJ« . -iAThe- Board pf Governors of the San
Francisco Chapter of the American Insti
tute of Bank Clerks held Its first meeting
on Friday night and elected officers for
the ensuing term as follows: President
P. G. Eastwick Jr., Wells; Fargo & Co'
Bank; vice president, J. D. Ruggles, Bank
of California; secretary, Irving Lungbortr
San Francisco National Bank; treasurer
C. H. McCormlck. First National Bank'
The chapter will. hold its next meeting
on April S at a place to be decided unon
later. Prominent financiers and business
men have expressed .their willingness to
address this and subsequent meetings
Choose Officers of -Local Chapter of
American Institute for Ensu
ing Term.
BAUK CLEBKS HOLD
THEIR ,FIKST MEETING
$15,000, and for the old Clay-street bank
property, upon, which ia the, old bank
building, the . sum of : $50,000 is wanted.
The present Sub-Treasury accommoda
tions are bounded by a lot 57:6 by 69:9.
James Marshall will build three flats on
the west line of Franklin street, between
O'Farrell and Ellis streets, to cost $15,000.
. Three flats will 'be placed by Isaac
Liebes on the south line of Broadway, be
tween Franklin and' Gough streets.
A' Derre will build six. flats of six rooms
each on the south line of Seventeenth
street, between Dolores and Guerrero
streets, the cost of which will be about
$12,000.
: Flats will be erected on the Robert T.
Hancock property on the- north line of
Ellis street, 77:6 feet west from Leaven-
Mrs. Isaacs will build two flats on
Spruce street, near Clay. -
t J. Levin will erect five flats on Geary
S Charles' Gerhardt will build six flats on
Eddy street, > near Franklin.
A. E. Buckingham reports that the con
tractors and builders who have bought
lots in the blocks . he = is selling in the
Sunset district, fronting ¦ the Park,; will
begin to erect something like twenty-four
houses in the next ninety 'days and there
will then be more buildings In Construc
tion in that section than at any time
since the land was subdivided.
The building to ; be erected by Braun
schweiger & Co. on the east line of
Drumm street, 91:2 feet north from.Cali
fornia street, will be a very solid and at
tractive structure.. It will rest on a
foundation of piles. The inclosing walls
will- be of brick. The t ront ¦ will be faced
with 1 light gray pressed brick with trim
mings to match. ..The height will be four
stories. The cost of ; the structure, wh_en
equipped - with electric passenger and
freight elevator, will •" be not less than
$40,000. v - The frontage. will be 4t>:4 feet and
the depth 70 feet. •
Several large business firms will re
move south of Market street soon. Castle
Brothers will i remove to a large, new
bulldlng.at First and Mission streets. A.
Schilling &. Co. will remove to the r 6o.uth
eaat corner of Folsom and Second streets,
toa building on a lot 275 feet square/the
structure to be erected for. them, which
will be highly, decorative and embracing
many -modern -ideas. . The Commercial
Publishing Company and the Commercial
¦ News . are . moving ; into . ai building ¦ at -the
southeast : corner ; of .Market ¦ and ¦¦ First
streets. - . MWBaWMWWBMWMMi
Glass-Blowers' Ball.
A grand souvenir ball will be given by
Branch No. 22 of the Glass Bottle Blow
ers' Association of the United States and
Canada at Elntracht Hall, 237 Twelfth
street, on Saturday evening, April 12.
Tickets of admission will be 50 cents.
Ladies free. A good time is expected.
An effort will be made to induce the
yachtsmen of this place and those of
other places to get up a grand regatta
during one of the days of the session.
During a reception at the beginning of
the session of the Supreme Lodge Mayor
Schmltz will deliver an address of wel
come. The Mayor will be made an hon
orary member of the general committee
The question of a grand night Illumi
nation, with new and novel electric ef
fects. Is being considered and if the plans
that have been offered can be carried
out with the amount -of money that will
be raised for that and other purposes
the display will be a red letter one in the
history of electric lighting in this city.
For the guidance of the strangers in
the city and that they may not feel that
they are neglected, several information
bureaus will be established. There will
be a number of volunteers who will be
ready to accompany parties to various
points and explain all that is to be seen
The local Knights are also very active
and those at the head of affairs are re
ceiving suggestions daily In connection
with the proposed entertainment of the
visiting Knights and their relatives and
friends.
There is a proposition to decorate Mar
ket street with the colors of the order
and American flags In a manner that will
excel any previous decoration of that
thoroughfare. ' The idea has been turned
over to the proper committee.
Local Knights at Work.
Grand Chancellor C. L. Calkins, who i3
the editor and proprietor of the Nevada
City Transcript, Is at present making a
tour of visitation to lodges and while at
teding to the official details of these vis-
Its is encouraging the people to bring
tending to the official details of these vis
its before the . gaze of the 70,000 people
who will be here during August. He
will, during the next two weeks, arouse
the people, and the Knights in particu
lar. In the northern section and tell them
of the great opportunity to advertise that
part of the State. He will visit Amador
City, Sonora, Angels Camp, Carters, Coul
terville, Mariposa and Chinese Camp. He
recently returned from a two weeks' trip
In the southern part of the State and
says that the Knights there are very en
thusiastic and will do all that can be
done toward making a good showing for
the land of sunshine, fruit and flowers.
The Sacramento Chamber Qf Commerce
and the County Supervisors are acting in
conjunction with the Knights of Sacra
mento County in making arrangements
to have the county properly represented
during the coming conclaves-
The lodge at Placerville, the only one
In El Dorado County, does not propose
to be in the background. It will come to
this city In full force and bring along
its company of the Uniform Rank. It is
arranging for a novel display that will,
so It is said, attract a great deal of at
tention and reflect credit, not only upon
those who are getting it up, but on the
entire county.
El Dorado Lodge Active.
The San Bernardino County, lodges
have effected a complete organization,
which is now preparing to be in evidence
during the approaching supreme meeting.
Headquarters will be secured in San
Francisco and there the several lodges
will entertain in a manner that will give
the .visitors a favorable opinion of the
people and the Knights of that county.
At headquarters there will be a display
of all that the county produces, natural
and manufactured, and there will be an
information bureau vrhere* everything
about San Bernardino may be learned.
The lodge at Coultervllle Is making
good progress with Its plans for an ex
tensive display In this city of the capa
bilities of Marlposa County. It expects
to have one of the most attractive shows
of conclave week.
Friendship Lodge of Healdsburg will
have headquarters In this city and will
entertain visitors in grand style. It will
have a display of the products of the
Russian Valley district. The other lodges
of Sonoma County will have joint head
quarters and a full display of all the
products of the valley. ¦ ' •
Reports received from the interior show
that the Knights of Pythias are alive to
the advantages to the State that will ac
crue by the coming of the very large
number of strangers to be here during
the month of August, when the Supreme
Lodge of the order, the Uniform Rank
Encampment and the Supreme Temple of
the Rathbone Sisters will be held In San
Francisco.
Th« total steam tonnage of this port
now using fuel oil for steam making ia
given at 40.978. .
Sea King, Sea Prince, Sea Rover. Rescue.
Mariposa, Alameda. Enterprise. Newark. En
cinal. Berkeley. Oakland. Transit. Selano,
Thoroughfare. El Capitan. Piedmont. Richmonl,
San Pablo, Warrior. Falcon, Hermosa. George
Loomls Taiaalpais. Pasadena, Olympic. Bruns
wick. Santa Monica. G. C Llndauer. Alliance,
South Bay, Albion River. Prentlss. Wieard,
Hercules A C. Freeze, St. Helena, General
Frlsble. T. C. Walker, J. D. Peters. Mary
Garrati, H. J. Corcoran. II. E. Wright,
Brooklyn.
Dr. Deane finds that there are forty
four vessels at this port that are burning
fuel oil instead of coal. He predicts that
within two years there will not be a eln
. gle vessel regularly leaving the port of
San Francisco making steam with any
thing but oil. He estimates that the dis
placing of the 2,000,000 tons of coal an
nually Imported into California by the
use of oil would result in a saving per
annum of $12,000,000, at the rate of $5 per
ton for the coal. An Interesting feature
of Dr. Deane's report Is found In a list of
the vessels hailing from the port of San
Francisco -which have received permits,
from Supervising Inspector Bermingham
to use oil fuel, which is as follows:
The United States transport Meade uses
eighty tons of coal a day to make an average
of eleven knots, for which the Government
pays $8 50 per ton. Allotting for sixty days'
eteamlng to Manila and return it requires 4800
tons of coal, costing $il,O00. If she used oil
ehe would burn 19,200 barrels or 2955 tans. Al
lowing four barrels of oil to equal one ton of
coal, this oil would cost at $1 a barrel $19,200.
saving in fuel alone f 21,800.
Forty-Four Steamers.
Sir Marcus Samuel, president of the Shell
Transport and Trading Company, remarked In
a speech "that the greatest fact to be over
come In getting people to use liquid fuel was
prejudice. One gentleman said he knew all tha
advantages to be gained, but he would not
adopt it because the advantages were so pal
pable, and until he saw some disadvantages he
could not proceed. He (Sir Samuel) couhl say
emphatically there were no disadvantages to
liquid fuel whatever." The gentleman who
made this remark is president of a company
having twenty-five steamers burning oil. s.1
Showing the epeed with which this fuel can
be put aboard, one of the Hamburg-American
Unere, the C. Ferdinand Laersz, took on- at
Singapore 360 tons of crude oil, or 2140 barrels,
in two hours. : . '. j.*-,-.
consumption of Welsh coal would have been
lroct tons, or with Japanese or other varieties
to be procured in the east, 1500 tons, as
against 769 tons of oil. This company has
twenty-seven steamers, twenty-five of them fit
ted with oil burners giving perfect satisfaction.
The steamer Murex of the Shell Transport
and Trading Company. England, steamed from
Singapore to London via Cape Town, Africa, a
distance of 11,630 miles. The total amount o7
crude oil consumed on the ship was 5000 bar
rels of forty-two gallons each or 709 tons of
oil. The oil was stored In the forepeak The
vessel averaged 9.7 knots on 15.1 tons for the
main engines, and nearly two tons for the aux
iliary engines, each twenty-four hours. Had*
the ship been burning coal the corresponding
Striking: Examples.
Dr. Deane calls attention to the use of
fuel oil by Germany and Great Britain,
•which they have to Import thousands of
miles, "while we, with an unlimited sup
ply at our very door, stand hesitating and
wondering." Then Dr. Deane mentions
some striking and illustrative examples
of the use of oil tn steamers which are
given in substance for the general local
interest the subject possesses:
The burning of crude oil for steam pur
poses, especially on steam vessels, sup
plies the text for a review of a matter of
material Importance by Secretary C. T.
Deane of the California Petroleum Min
ers' Association. An idea of the practi
cal nature of the considerations Involved
may be inferred from one of the earlier
sentences in -Dr. Deane's report, which is
as follows: "If our leading financial men
will but grasp this subject and appreciate
the superior advantages that the nearness
of this vast supply of liquid fuel gives to
the port of San Francisco, they will
hasten the time by some years when San
Francisco will become the second port in
the United States."
Knights of Pythias Will
Exploit California's
Resources.
Two Score Vessels From
This Port Using
New Fuel.
DEANE REVIEWS
OIL ON SHIPS
STATE IS AWAKE
TO OPPORTUNITY
Florin L. Jones &' Co. report the sale' of
the Fabian residence and lot, ;¦ 52:4x137:6.
Northeast corner - of Geary and . Webster
streets. 68:9 feet on Geary and _137:6. 'feet ¦ on
Webster, for about $20,000. for Arthur Legal
let; lot on the" north llne'of Vallejo street 191 '0
feet west from Devisadero, for Annie '£" Ev
erett, to Gertrude - M. Church: 32 : 6xi:j" : 6 for
$3900; lot on the west line of Tenth avenue 230
feet south . from ¦ H street; • 100x120 '¦ feet to W
H. Schouten, for $3800; lot 25x120 feet on the
west line of Tenth avenue.' 275 feet south from
H street,* to Hans -Hanson, 'for $950. -
Baldwin & Howell have bought from
Mrs. Charles S. Green for a" client the
northwest corner of Pacific avenue "and
Fillmore street, 52:8^4x100 feet, for $25 000
A. E. Buckingham reports ; sales as * fol
lows:
Many Late Deals.
Lot on the west line of Webster street -35-6
feet north of Waller. 20x100, for J. G W
Schulte, for $2830; three lots in Sunny&ide for
C.Hillyer for $340; lot 5, block 64, San Rafael
for Mrs. C. L. Ross for $700; lot on the south
line of Broadway, 182 feet west of Franklin
street. 31x100, for J. F. Houghton for $4500
lot on the south line of Sacramento street'
137:6 feet weet of Scott, 82:6x127:8% for Mrs'
E. E. Gordon for $11,500; lot and improve
ments on the north line of Washington ¦ street
117:6 feet east of * Leavenworth,- 62:10 feet
frontage, 42:10 feet having a full depth of
137:6 feet and 20 feet a depth of 60 feet the
improvements consisting of eight modern flats,
for Mrs. G..-G. * Nonis for $24,000; lot on the
north line of Union street. 160 feet west of
Devisadero. 37:6x137:0 feet, for Ph de Mar
tini for, $4000; lot on the southwest corner of
Pacific avenue and "Broderick' street,, 45x100
for Metropolitan Improvement Company for
$10,250; lot with five flats on the west line of
Rltch street, 200:3 , feet north of ¦• Townsend
22:11x80 feet and running through to Clyde
street, for Douglas S. Watson for $2750
Landry C. Babin has sold" to William
Behlow and John Breuner for William
Matthews, 50x137:6 feet on the south line
of O'Farrell street, 37:6 feet west from
Hyde. street, for f20,000. An apartment
house will- be erected on the. site.
Recent sales by Boardman Bros. & Co
Include the following: : «
To Hunter, $940; to Orr, $450: to Jones $510
to £>e vine, $450; to Berler. $380; to Wynne'
$350; to Moore, $350; to Stroecker, $350; to
Leonhart. $300. All purchasers will build soon.
Mr. Raymond has also sold four lots in
the Sunnyside tract at San Anselmo, near
the Theological buildings, to Mr. de Sousa
for $1000; also lots in Ross Valley Park,
near San Anselmo, as follows:
North sld« of Frederick street,' west of Stan
yan, with the rear line on Golden Gate 'Park
Farnsworth to Watkinson, 11 lots, $21,000
southeast corner of Oak and Devlsadero streets'
43x87, Wenzell to Nauman, $9000; east side of
Devisadero street, north of California, 27 -Cx
100, Mullen to Schierholz. $5500; north side of
Clay street, east of Cherry, 27:0x146, Foerater
to Sutro, $2750. On College Heights — Lot in
Block F to George, $1200; to • Lichtensteedt
$1000; to Koch, $900; In block C, to Sandison
$10C0. On all the lots purchasers will build
homes at once. . •*.'¦ .>.,;'¦' ¦ •
George A. Raymond reports the follow
ing sales: .
Other Transactions.
Nos. 943-945 Post street, lot 40x120 feet
$12,500; lot on west line of Franklin street,
seuth of O'Farrell (a resale at an advance for
one of the purchasers at the auction of Feb
ruary, 20). $6500; 721 Cole street, south line,
west of Waller, lot 24x124 feet, $4750; lot on
the north line of Lombard street, .east of
Mason, 30x1 H7:« feet. $4200; 2108 Pine street
west of Buchanan, lot 25x110 feet, $3000; 2104
Mason street, north of Lombard, lot 23x70 feet,
?::.S(i0; lot on the southeast corner of Lyon and
Jackson streets, lot 32:8x91 feet, $4100- 1013
McAllister street, lot 25x137:6 feet, $4000; lot
on the north line of Green street, east of Polk
30x115 feet, $3000; hat on the north line of
Union street, east of Webster, 34x137:6 feet
$2100; lot on the north line of Union street'
east of Webster. 25x 00 feet, $1750; lot on the
south line of Filbert street, east of Goueh *>4-9
Xl37:6 feet: $900. .
A. J. Rich & Co. report a very active
week in leaseholds and sales. Among the
sales are the following:
For W. H. Talbot, the northwest corner of
Jackson and Baker stiv its, 155x128:0 feet, for
about $20,000; for Mr. Kuef. 40 feet on Jack
son street, 150 east from Octavia, for $6000;
for Mr. Keii to Mr. PiUjer, 26:6x120 feet on the
north line of Post street. 137 :C feet east from
Hyde, for $8500; for Miss X. Sullivan, 37To*
75 feet on the north line of Jackson street, 150
feet west from Powell, for $4500. The firm
also bought for a client lot and improvements
on the south line of Market street, 300 feet
east from Valencia, 40x100 feet, for $16,750.
Wright & Ewell have sold the James
S. Garniss residence on the north line of/
Pine street, 137:6 feeCeast from Hyde, to
Douglas S. Watson and" John H. Spring
for $20,000. The lot is 75x137:6 feet. The
Garniss home will be supplanted by an
apartment house of brick.
Flinn, Harrington & Co. have sold for'
Mrs. Charles F. Joy to Christopher Buck
ley the southeast corner of Market and
Spear streets, 45:10x137:6 feet in size,
known as the Ryer property, for $125,000.
On this the ex-political boss will erect a
six-story hotel building for the cheap ac
commodation of parties who seek rooms
near the ferries at low rates. The struc
ture will cost about $100,000. Buckley has
recently invested something like $200,000
in city realty.
The Von Rhein Real Estate Company
has sold the southeast corner of Clay and
Leavenworth streets, 35:6x100 feet, with
improvements, consisting of stores and
flats, for $14,000. The same brokers have
also sold the following properties.
Brokers Hake Sales.
The sales reported by the brokers indi
cate the healthy tone of the market. Dur
ing the past week the contracts for build-
Ings, mostly new, that have been re
corded,- represent an expenditure of
?565,000. Vvr.-^. . - ¦.
The plans for the extension of the elec
tric road to San Mateo as soon as possi
ble; the great advantages that will be
conferred upon Richmond by the addition
of electric car facilities in the full sense
of the term; not less the confidence
Eastern people are showing in San Fran
cisco, by the establishment of branch
houses in this city and the investments
the Eastern moneyed men are making In
Ban Francisco realty, show the drift of.
current events strongly and unmlstak-;
ably. ' - ';
The story published by a morning con
temporary to the effect that the South
ern Pacific Company is about to abandon
the advantage it has secured by the pur
chase of the old Risdon property and also
rights of way to the same to facilitate
its dealings with the wholesale commun
ity, which is so strongly building south
or Market street, is generally discredited.
The Southern Pacific people deny the
story that the land is to be put on the
market. The alternative would be to en
hance the competitive advantages of the
Santa Fe, which is not likely to become
the policy of the Southern Pacific Com
pany. . . '
Plans Jfavor Development.
The move of the Santa Fe to enter
Oakland is supposed by competent ob
servers to mean that the railroad peopie
see that in the many thousands of dwell
ers in Oakland, Berkeley and Alameda
there is a great business which ; the
Santa Fe has not heretofore enjoyed. To
reach Oakland, the Santa Fe goes
through Berkeley. That there will be a
ferry from Oakland to San Francisco,
when the Santa Fe gets ready to estab
lish it, goes with the saying, for it is a
common matter of knowledge ..that the
business of the local trains and ferries
of the Southern Pacific Company, which
the Santa Fe will be in a position soon to
share, is about ' the most profitable and
sure of any that Is going. The income
from the around the bay commuters is as
sure as taxes. *"•,•-.*
There are many reasons to "justify the
confidence in the local realty situation
that ia generally entertained. The first
is, of course, the constant and unparal
leled growth of the city, which is obvious
to all observers. The next, possibly, is
the very excellent prospect that the'im
migration movement, which is intended
to people adequately the great arid^ fruit
ful counties of the north of California,
will have the co-operation of all classes
of citizens and . will be conducted vigor
ously and so make the country tributary
to San Francisco more prosperous than
ever before. .
A' proposition is being urged at .Wash
ington to ' enlarge the United States j Sub-"
Treasury building in this city and to pro
vide for- the ; extra ground room ' needed
for the extension by purchasing : the land
known as the Rable , property ' and ' also
the property of the Savings and Loan So
ciety/.. fronting on Clay street; •, which
would give - the Sub-Treasury building
77:11 feet on Clay street. by. 77:6 on Com
mercial-street;; with a depth- of 119:6 feet.-
The price asked. for the Rable property is
A residence to cost $10,000 will .be erected
by Wallace Bradford on the south line of
Jackson street, between Spruce : and ; Ma
ple streets. v '-- . ,
'George Bennett will erect a resiflence on
Clay : street, near Laurel. - ,• ,,• -„¦
J.. Habernicht has . arranged to erect
three flats on Pine street, ¦ near • Larkln. '
•> Mrs. Stealey : will build a residence on
Van Ness avenue, near Lombard street..
• The : Stuparich Manufacturing* Company
will erect buildings on the : land bought
from' Ivan B. Treadwell, at the northeast
corner of Eighth and Brannan streets, 68:9
by. 275. feet, the. larger, of which will * be
four stories high, of brick. The buildings
are to cost about $30,000. The price paid
for. the land wag -about $15,000. . • ,'
. A four-story building for the use of the
clergy of- St. Patrick's Church will "be
erected, adjoining the ' church structure,
on ; Mission street, between Third and
Fourth street. The ground area is 30
by 80 feet. . -
, The contracts have been let for, the con
struction of the new power-house for the
street railways at North Point Beach, La
guna and Buchanan streets, the cost being
$126,000. \.-< ¦•.'• ¦-'¦• '. ¦ : ¦-¦ -¦;,:¦-.
The apartment house to be constructed
for the Fair heirs on the northwest cor
ner of Pine and Jones streets will be three
stories ; high. ; Reid Brothers are the ar
chitects. The. Fairmont Hotel on the
top of Nob Hill will be five stories high
instead of four, as originally intended.
Progress of Building.
David Bush & Son will ¦ remove . to-mor
row to 20 Montgomery street from their
present location at 10 Montgomery street.
. The trustees of the Crocker, heirs. deny
that there is any intention on their part
to erect'a theater on the newly acquired
property on the west line of Powell street,"
just north of the new St. Francis Hotel,
the new acquisition having on it the old
Cosmos- Club structure.. Nor is there any
present intention of utilizing the property
for the. northward extension of. the. hotel
in construction. = According to :the" trus
tees thelan'dhas been bought only as an
investment and no plan for its : improve
ment has been formulated. . •
Stories are persistently heard that there
will be great improvements immediately
on the former Blythe properties on Mar
ket, Geary and Grant avenue. These are
disposed of, for the time at least, by the
conclusion of leases with' all the tenants
by the Bankers' Investment Company, .in
which it is provided that the present ten
ants shall not be ousted if higher rents
are offered by others, but. the Bankers'
Investment Company reserves to itself
the right of giving four, months' notice if
it shall at any tf me desire to place. new
buildings on the old Blythe lots.
Realty at Auction.
Easton, Eldridge & ¦ Co. will auction
realty on April 1 at- the:r salesrooms at
CSS Market street. The catalogue offered
is very attractive, comprising the prop
erties of the Joseph M. Wood estale. Par
ticulars concerning these properties will
be found In the advertising columns for
real estate this morning. This s.ile wiii
be followed by one on April 8, one week
later. This concern is holding an auction
every week with success. • _
David Bush & Son have sold 200 acres of
unimproved land in the lYgnacia Valley,
Contra Costa County, for F. E. and W. C.
Gregory, to A.M. Munger of Fresno, for
$12,000.
Clinton E.* Worden has sold to George
W. Haas 60x77:6 feet on the west line of
Mason street, 77:6 feet north from Geary,
for -$50,000.
Lot 25x137:6 feet, with improvements, at
Nos. C57 and 659 Geary street, for $15,000; lot
40x80 feet, with improvements, on the north
west line of Minna street 77:6 feet southwest
from Second, for P. Lynch' to Henry E. Bothin.
for $11,000; southeast corner of Greenwich and
Franklin streets, for the German Savings Bank,
to Henry E. Bothin, for $10,000; southwest cor
ner of Ninth and Sheridan streets, 30x100 feet,
for $9000.
The following sales are reported by F.-
B. Surrhyne:
Lot on the west line of Dolores street. 182
reet north from Twenty-second 20x125 feet,
$1850; No. 259-261 Clara street between Fifth
and Sixth, four tenements and lot 25x80 feet,
$3250; lot on the west line of Broderick street,
27:6 feet south from Eddy/27:6 by 100 feet,
$1600; lot on the east line of Baker street. 75
feet south from Oak, 25x96 feet $3000; lot on
the east line of Fillmore street. 24 feet north
from Hermann. 24x81:3 feet. $1550; lot on the
Bouth line of Twenty-flrst street, 50 feet west
from Hampshire, 25x97 feet, $900; lot on the
west line of Tremont avenue, 385 feet south
from Frederick street. 25x80 feet. $1000; lot on
the northeast corner of Franklin street and
Ash avenue, 32xS7:0 feet. $10,000; lot on the
south line of Turk street, 100 feet- east from
Broderick. 25x187:6 feet, $2250; old double
house and lot 60x122:6 feet on the east line of
Howard street, 130 feet south from Eighteenth
$6500; three flats on the northeast corner of
Fillmore and Hermann streets, sold in con-
Junction with Nelson, Johnson & Co., $8200;
two flats and lot 32x137:6 feet at 715 Golden
Gate avenue, between Franklin and Gough
streets, terms private. .
Easton, Eldridge &, Co.- report the fol
lowing recent sales: "
Lot and improvements on southwest line of
Montgomery avenue with a frontage of 90 feet
and running through to Filbert street, . the im
provements consisting of four houses, four
stores and three flats, sold, by Max Slchel to
Nat Raphael; two flats on east line of Leav
enworth street, 60 feet north of Pine, lot 25
xSO feet, eold by Louise Smith to \V. H.
Payne; northeast corner of Fulton street and
Parker avenue, 128:10x109. /sold by Mrs. W.
English to Paul W. Jahnke and-S. O. Blodgett
for $5000; lot and improvements on north line
of Oak Etroet. 90:10 feet west of Pierce. 25x140
feet, sold by San Francisco Lumber Company
to M. J. Dooley, for $4750 ; side of
Juniper street, 250 feet southeast of Harrison,
lot 25x85 feet, with four flats, sold by O. J.
Redmond to Rose Freeman, for $3750.'
Martin Leventrltt has bought from'Fltel
Phillips 22:6x137:6 feet on the north line of
Geary street, 62:6 feet north from Grant
avenue, for $45,000. . *
Recent sales, are reported by G. H.
Umbsen & Co. as follows:
When he arrived at the office and real
ized that he was again to be placed un
der restraint, he became enraged. Draw
ing his knife from his pocket, he opened
it unobserved and made a slash at his
throat. Mrs. Culverwell saw the motion
just in time and instinctively grasped his
arm. He wrenched himself away and
again attempted to stab himself, but As
sistant Secretary Shannon interfered this
time. A lively struggle ensued and was
only ended, on the opportune arrival of
Secretary White =and Officer" McMurray,
who soon had "the boy overpowered.
. He was immediately taken to the Hall
of Justice, where Judge Fritz/after hear
ing the story, committed him to the care
Of the Boys' and Girls' Aid Society. .
on. the north line of Broadway, 86:8 feet
east from Van Ness avenue, to Frederick
W. Baker for $13,000; also -the southeast
corner of Fillmoreand Union streets for
Mr. McCooey to Mrs. Johanna Behrendt
for $3500.
'It is stated by his mother that the boy
is a confirmed thief. He has .twice been
placed with the Boys' and Girls' Aid So
ciety for stealing articles of small value.
Hev was employed by Sanborn & Vail a
little more than a year, ago and was ar
rested there for the theft of some pens.
Lately he has" troubled his mother so
much by the display of his criminal ten
dencies that she appealed to Secretary
White to take- him ¦ off her hands. "
Fred Culverwell, 15 years of age, '-. at
tempted to commit suicide yesterday
morning- by. ; cutting his throat with , a
jackknife in' the office of Secretary
White of the Society for the Prevention
of Cruelty to Children. He said he pre
ferred death to being sent to an institu
tion, where he could not do as he
wanted to. ' *
Mother and Officials of Char
itable "Society In
terfere.
Brokers Report Long Lists
of Recent Local Trans-'
actions.. • .
Market Is Now Rest
ing Upon a Solid
Basis. '
Fred Culver-well Makes
'¦' Futile Effort to
REALTY SIGNS
ARE ALL GOOD
YOUTH STRIVES
TO CUT THROAT
THE SAN FR^eiSeO GALL, SUKDAY^v: MARGH -J 30;^ 1002.
34
. NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
DRUGGISTS MUST BE CHARY.
They Bell All Kinds of Hair Prepara-
tions, and Fear to Discriminate.
Druggists sell all kinds of hair prep-
arations and as a rule they are wisely
chary of giving preference to any par-
ticular one, but man >* of them have come
out plainly for Kewbro's Herpicide, the
new treatment that absolutely kills the
dandruff* germ. M. Swannell & Son..
Champaign, HI., Eey; "One customer of
ours who did not have a hair on top of
hie head when he began to use Herpicide
now has a fair start toward a good head
of hair. We believe Herpicide to be by
Car the best preparation of its kind on the
market." Hundreds of similar testimo-
nials from everywhere
AMUSEMENTS.
*TIVPLJ*
EVENINGS AT 8 SHARP!
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 SHARP!
. MONDAT March 31, SIXTH and
POSITIVELY LAST WEEK
Of the Hit of the Season,
THE
DON'T OVERLOOK
THE LAST CHANCES.
PRODUCTION iMOST POPULAR
PERFECT. 1 OF OPERAS.
MONDAY, April 7,
The Famous ALICE NEILSEN Opera,
•t TTHE
Fortuneteller.
POPULAR PRICES — 25c. 50c' and 75c.
Telephone Bush 9.
BEijASCO amd YiiJUJLSjfajtfQgt,
\ MATINEE TO-DAY— 10c, 15c, 25c.
. TO-NIGHT— Last Time of -
The Greatest Naval Drama Ever Written,
HHE MAN-OWARSMAN."
DDirEC Evenings... ...10c, 15c, 25c. 35c, 50c
riUtr. J Matinees -10c, 15c, 20c
TO-MORROW EVENING — The Sensational
Comedy Drama, .
The Sleeping City
Beautiful Scenery— Startling Effects. -
PLENTY OF WHOLESOME COMEDY.
:•/•:? .' . ,' ADVERTISEMENTS.
Dry Goods "^^^^p Company,
THE RECOGNIZED HOUSE FOR POPULAR PRICED DRAPERIES.
CimTAINS^D^DAPEDIES.
Many Specials for This Week.'
I CURTAINS. DRAPES.
\ 3OO pairs Ruffled Muslin Cur- 15O Single Portieres In hand-
It , tains in stripes and dotted ef- t°V2 6 designs for Jess than
' tects. full size half price to clear broken
\> cinn . lines
.; * L0 ° a P air - $2.50, 53.50 and $5.00 each.
\ 175 pairs Ruffled Curtains, 125 pairs striped Portieres.
1 striped and dotted effects, showing the striking Oriental
2 worth $1.75 and $2 OO effect, a strong special at
| $1.25 and $L50 a pair. $3.50 a pair.
t 25O pairs Nottlnffham Cur- SO pieces Art Denims in s'rlpes
]! tains, handsome real lace ef- »" d fi ? "^2^t f £°\ s ™JL"|Jit
>!' fects, valued at $1.75 offeree at the tempting prices
| $1.50 a pair. 15c to 25c a yard.
k There is a distinctive style about our patterns that you will not
•>! find elsewhere.
| BEST QUALITY OF FRENCH BOBBINET.
54, 72 and 1O8 inches wide, In ochro. Ivory, mastic and white, at
popular prices- -.'.?**; % "<
The successful curtain material that sells so well this season. V;.-
CURTAINS AXD DRAPERIES MADE TO ORDER ON SHORT NOTICE
AT MODKRATE PRICES.
The verdict of discriminating buyers has been passed on our Lace Curtains.
CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY,
I Geary and StocVton Streets, Union Square.
| Mail and Express Orders Receive Immediats Attention.
Ai)VEBTISEMENTS.
Tailor Made Suits, Silk Dress Skirts,
•Long •Coats in Moire, Taffeta and
doth; High Grade/ Unequaled in
;;:¦ Style, Fit and Finish, all ar
cut rate Prices.
TAILOB..STJITS, the most stylish garment 'shown this season, richly
trimmed and tailored, perfect fitting. The new blouse, the Gibson,
tHe new; Eton, stylish flounce, flare skirt, black, navy, tan, castor, ox-
ford, cardinal, all $20.00 and $22.50 suits, all at
CUT RATE PRICE, $15.00
NOVELTY TAILOR SUITS, made of fine Broadcloth, Venetian, Zib-
eline; "taffeta silk lin^d throughout, or with silk drop skirts, perfec-
tion of fine tailoring, value $35-00 and $37-5O—
CUT RATE PRICE, S25.OO
TAFFETA SILK AND SILK MOIBE BISHOP COATS, 53 inches long,
lined with extra quality white satin, richly tailored, value $40.00 to
.$50.00—
CUT RATE, $25.00 to $35.00
SILK SKIKTS, with new flounce and newest trimming, made in the la-
test style, hanj? gracefully 1^-'- . - v
• S7.5O, SIO.OO, $12.50 and $15.00
NOVELTY SILK GRENADINE SKIRTS, artistically trimmed, silk
drop skirt —
52O.OO to 535.00
NEWEST SPUING JACKETS, short, jaunty effect, of Tan and Castor
Kersey and Cheviot Cloth, also Black Cheviot, silk or satin lined —
CUT RATES, $6, $7.5O, $8 and $8.5O
High-class Novelty Jackets, models of artistic tailoring, exclusive —
$15.00, $17.50 and $20.00
GOLDEN GATE
CLOAK and SUIT HOUSE
1230-1232-1234 MARKET STREET.
AMXTSEJilEins.
A Week Commencing' THIS AFTER- Z
J • . • NOON. March 30. **
I EASTER |
I NOVELTIES 8
| GALORE 1 1
9 MR. and MRS. «
: SIDNEY DREW :
Q Presenting Their Comedy Success, Z
0 "A MODE!, YOUNG MAN.- q
I Homer Lind & Co. S
5? "Gringotre. the Street Singer." J*
• Fred Stuber, §
0 Banjo Virtuoso. q -j
8 Papinta, %
S Myriad Dancer. :
f Simon, Gardner |
• as co., . •
• Giving "The New Coachman/* O
• The Melani Trio, •
2 Vocalists and Instrumentalists. Y
I Gorman &Keppler g
O Tha Comedian and the Dancer. Q
• THE BIOGRAPH, |
8 '- " ' With New Plctarea. X
O LAST WEEK OB* **
g Frank Lincoln, 8
9 The Globe -Trot tins Humorist, f %
A Parquet, any seat. 25c; Balcony. 10c; A
JT Children, 10c any part except reserved. JT
~ A few front orchestra rows reserved, w
9 50c; front rows of Balcony, reserved. %)
0 25c. O
UNION COURSING PARK
JNO. GEACB. Jndgs; JA3. T. 6HACB, Slijjw.
TO-DAY,
SUNDAY- - - MARCH 30.
FOUR
Notable Coursing
Evants!
OPEN, RESERVE,
PUPPY and
SPECIAL STAKES
126— NOMlNAfiONS— 126
TRAIN SERVICE. .
Leaves Third and Townsend streets. ' 10:13
a. m., 11 a. m., 12 m. and 1 p. m. Twenty-
fifth and Valencia streets five minutes later.
Returning at 4:45 p. m. and after the last
course. San Mateo electric cars every six
. minutes.
ADMISSION 23 CENTS. LADIES FREE.
Belasco & Thall, Managers.
MATINEE TO-DAY.
TO-NIGHT— "ON AND OFF."
TO-MORROW (MON.) AND ALL WEEK.
Martha Morton's Successful Comedy,
"BROTHER JOHN"
. A Charming Play New to This City.
Surpassing Alcazar Stock Cast.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
PRICES— 15e. 25c, 35c. 50c and 75c.
Seats on sale six days In advance.
Next— Extraordinary Double Bill. "MMEL
BUTTERFLY," and "THE GREAT UN-
KNOWN." v
THIS AFTERNOON and EVENINO at 2:13
•- and 8:15 — LAST TIMES ot "
NORRIS & ROWE'S -
Big Trained Animal
Shows
— — AT THE — — "-
MECHANICS' PAVILION.
Positively the Largest, Handsomest and Beat
Trained Aggregation of Animals in
the World.
ADMISSION— Adults. 25c; Children, 10c
, Phone South 720 for Seats.
Jgl^^ RACING
"Ss^SSSSSSSr* Every Week Day—
"» Rain or Shine
NEW CALIFORNIA' JOCKEY CLUB
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
Ferry-boat leaves San Francisco at i2 m an*
12:30. 1. 1:30. 2. 2:30 and 3 p. m., connecting
with trains stopping at the entrance - to tht
track. Last two cars on train reserved for
ladles and their escorts; no smoking. Buy your -^rf
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains vii
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo aven u »
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway, OjLk
land. Also all trains via Alameda mole con'
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
and Broadway, - Oakland. These electric can
go direct to the track in fifteen minutes. •
Returning — Trains leave the track at i: n
and 4:45 p. m,>and Immediately after the last
race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
CHARLES F. PRICE. Secy, and Mar.
P/llflfP Desirable location,
1 UliiVV unsurpassed cuisine,
' unequaled ser-
51 flfl vice and modern
Mil** conveniences are the
_ attributes that have
Iir5lf1n made 'these two ho-
111 U11 ll tels popular with
_- v tourists and travel-
tlAiPIC ers w^° visit San
ilUlWid Francisco.
The Weekly Call.
v ! f y- AMUSEMENTS.
IfULUmBIA LEADING THtATRE
TO-NIGHT and
ANOTHER Hebler & CO.' B
wocir Immense Production
WFFK of Hall Calne'i
TT1.1.IV, Great Play.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
Every Night, Including: Sundays.
| H |H I POSITIVELY
J. Ulrf ' I LAST TIMES.
CHRISTIAN
WITH
EDWARD MORGAN
As JOHN STORM (His Original Role),
EXTRA ' Reappearaijce In
¦— fJ^- * rC-^* • Sao Francisco
MRJ.S.WILLARD
MONDAY. April 7.
In a New Play Entitled
THE CARDINAL
By LOUIS N. PARKBR.
Mr. Willard will also present during hts en-
gagement "The Professor's Love Story," "Tom
Pinch" and "David Garrics."
TWI^'T'fS' The management having canceled
*"vr 1 Li all first-night reservation privi-
leges, those first In line on Thursday morning
will secure the choice of seats.
MATINEE TO-DAY. '
LAST NIGHT OF
"L, A TOSCA."
Beginning TO-MORROW (MONDAY)
EVENING.
THIRD WEEK OF OUR $1000 STAR.
MELBOURNE MALDuWiiLL
Supported by FLORENCE STONE,
¦ "In Sardou's Grandest Spectacular Play
"THE EMPRESS THEODORA."
Introducing Ferocious Lions in the Hippodrome
Scene.
POPULAR PRICES— 10c. 15c,- 25c. 50c, 75c.
Good Orchestra Seats All Matinees, 25c.
1 FISCHER'S THEATER 1
O'Farrell, bet. Stockton and Powell Streets.
• . Telephone Main 231.
Second Matinee This Afternoon.
THIRD WEEK BEGINS MONDAY.
| L1TTITE CHRISTOPHER 1
--THE ONLY GREAT LOCAli SUCCESS.
MORE famous people, excellent music, splen-
: did dances, beautiful costumes, magnificent
scenery, original specialties.
Matinee Prices, 23c Anywhere. Children at
Matinees, 10c.
Night prices. 25c and 50c. \\-'<
Do not forget NEXT THURSDAY. That's
when the sale opens for WEBER & FIELD'S
GREAT SEASON. And such a sensation as it
¦will be! Just lay low and say nothing until then
TO-NIGHT : ;£fjf K .
/\L, G. FHELD
GREATER MINSTRELS :
50— PEOPLE ON THE STAGE— 50
MONSTER OPFW in.
STREET « Wt« AIR
PARADE. ' CONCERTS
DAILY 11 A. M. . *: ,' NIGHTLY
SEATS NOW SELLING.
Next— SUNDAY. April 6,
WILLIAMS & WALKER
And Their Gilt-Edged Company
¦¦_•"'¦-'¦ SEATS THURSDAY.
MAXHEiNRlCH
BASSO AND PIANIST. *
JULiAHEINRiCH
. CONTRALTO. -
SHERMAN & CLAY HALL. NEXT TtW
DAY NIGHT, APRIL 1 TXJES -
Richard Strauss'^noch^Arden Melodrama and
Next Thursday Night. April 3— Son* ft.,i,.i'
Reserved Seats. 75c, $1.00 and' $1.50 at Sh»VSTOCK MARKET.
%. ; ' — <—— — — .3.
. NEW YORK. March 29.— FLOUR— Receipts,
C7.229 barrels; exports, 16,221 barrels; sajes,
7500 packages. Quiet bat steady at. old prices.
Winter patents. $3 90@4 25; winter Btraights.
$.1 1t,ij'l »5; Minnesota patents, $3 75tg:3 90; win
ter extras, $3 H'ii'-l 30; Minnesota baiters, $2 90
&3 £5: winter low Krzxlcn. $2 00©3 10.
WHEAT — Receipts, C»,3.VJ buehels; cxr>ortfi.
15.01*0 bushelF. Spot rtcady. No. 2 red, 82%c
f. o. b.. elevator; No. 2 red, 8,'%c f. o. b.
cfloet: No. 1 Northern Duluth. 7SVic afloat; No.
1 hard Manitoba. 8.'!%c f. o. b. afloat. On .1
higher corn .market and report* of lower tpm
ticrature* Sn the Southwest v.beat acted a little
Ftronffer this morninfr <<n a fairly active Hpecu-
Jative trade. Th^ markft closed at %c net ad
vance. May. 7" 11-X>©78 I-lOc. closed TKc:
July. 78»7*.-*H.c. closed "SVic; September. 77%
©77%c. cl.»f*d at TlYiC
HOPS— <2uict. State; common to choice. 1901
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Supplies of all kinds . continue In excess of
market . needs and dealers are meeting ' buyers
more than half wa". All eales of Eggs above
15c carry with them long credit, or delivery,
or some other conditions . which bring " the net
quotation down to 15c as the top of • the . mar
ket as. far as the shipper and. seller are con
cerned. Dealers are etlll storing : everything
that they, cannot sell, and even then stocks
are too large. •
The Cheese situation continues depressed
owing' to the heavy supplies on hand. » ,
Butter in featureless. Prices are unchanged,'
trade is dull and northern orders are too small
yet to afford much relief. - ..They may increase
however, especially If quotations are 'again re
duced. - ' - - - - ¦' 1 . - - .- :
Receipts were 49,000 pounds acd 338 tubs of
Butter, 2214 cases of Eggs, 14,000 pounds of
California Cheese, 700 pounds of Oregon
! New York Grain aruf Produce.
W. H. ; Hoyt (owner) with Felix Marcuso
(contractor), architect . All work for a.
two-story frame dwelling on W line of' Fifth
avenue, 275 N of Lake street. N 50 by W 106;
$3S25.
.Lena J., Mary P., Helen E. and Virginia
Gibbs (owners) with B. S. Hays (contractor),
architect none— All work except gas» fixtures
for a 3-story and basement residence oh S line
of Washington street. 137:6 E of Locust, E
3S:3 by S 127:8V4: $9000. •»
C. A. Malm & Co.. (owners) with A. McEl
roy (contractor), architect Thomas J." Welsh —
All work except plumbing. : gas 'fitting." sewer
ing, painting, roofing, electrio work and eleva
te for a ¦¦3-story' frame building ¦. used as a
trunk factory on E line of Folsom street,' 125
N of Eighteenth, E' 100 by S 125; $9349.
Same owners with A, J. McNlcoll Elevator
Company (contractors), architect same — Ele
vator work for same; $1100.
Ernest LacUmann -: (owner) with J. Wender
tng (contractor). Rousseau & Son architects —
All work for a threo-story frame building (three
flats) on lot on N line of ' Waller street, 131 :3
E ot Pierce, E 25 by N 137 :«; $0145. ,.„
'Mary and Catherine F. McVey (owners) with
F L-Hansen (contractor), architects H.Geil
fuss '& Son — Excavatinn, 'brick," concrete, car
penter, mill andstair.work. glazing, plastering/
roofing,*- tinning and; hardware for. a two-story
frame building (two flats) on lot on S line of
Page street, ,112:6 W-of Laguna,; W 25, by S
137:0;-$4800. . - . , u ¦ '
- Anna Brand (owner) ' with G. . • C. Sweeney
(contractor), '; architect > C. j A. Meussdorffer — :
Plumbing, gasfltting, sewer work and tiling for
alterations and additions, to 'a two-story an-1
• basement-^ frame building into a three-story,
Builders' Contracts.
GAME— Hare, $1; Rabbits, 51 50 for Cotton
talU and $1' for Brush; Gray Geese. 42 50
@3 60; White Geeae, $1@1 50; Brant, $l<ffi2 per
dozen; Honkers, $3€H; English Snipe, $3; Jack
Snipe, $1 50. •
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 14@16c for Gob
\blers and 15@16c for Hens; Geese, per pair
$1 C0@l 75; Goslings, $2 25#2 50; Ducks, $3 50
®6 for old and $7® 8 for young; Hens, $4@5 50
young Roosters, $6 5O«f7 50; old Roosters S4(8
4 50; Fryers, $5 50@G: Broilers, $4 8005 for
large and $2 50@3 50 for small; Pigeons/ $1 50
@1 75 per dozen for old and $2 75@3 for
Squabs. ¦ < -_ -
Receipts of Poultry were 22 coops and the
market was very weak on. small young stock.
There was considerable stock left on hand at
the close of business and retailers I were well
supplied from the offerings of the previous day
.One car of Eastern • is scheduled for to-mor
row's market. • .
Game sold very slowly. Receipts were 60
sacks.
Poultry and Game.
.OREGON.
PORTLAND, March 29.— WHEAT— Walla
V.'alla, 04&>04%c; bluestem, «5@(i5%c. ,
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, March 20.— WHEAT — Nominally
unchanccd; blueetem, <>Cc; club, 65c.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, March 29.— French rentes, lOOf
tcc. ' :;.•.
Northern . Wheat Market.
SEATTLE, March 29. — Clearings, $959,210;
balances. S171.513.
TACOMA, March 29.— Clearings, $181,054;
balances. $35,102.
PORTLAND, March 29.— Clearings, $288,932;
balances. $48,467.
SPOKANE, March 29. — Clearings, $105,572;
balances, $50,194.
Northern Business
NEW YORK. . March 29. — Exports of specie
from this port to all countries for this week
aggregated $eO4.O14 silver and $38,968 gold.
The imports were $16,784 gold and $22,394 «I1-
The imports of dry goods and general mer
chandise at the port of New York for this
week were valued at $12,523,419, of which
$3,180,053 wer« dry goods.
Exports and . Imports.
ST. JOSEPH.
ST. JOSEPH, Mo.. March 23.— CA»TLE—
Receipts, 200; steady. Natives, $5 500(5 00;
cows and heifers. $1 50<gC; veals, $4(§6 50;
stockers and feeders, $2 25@5 25.
HOGS — Receipts, ¦ 3000; strong:. Light and
light mixed, $0 55@6 75; medium and heavy.
$0 70<3.C 95; pigs. $4 50©5 50. -
No sheep. . 1 -..-;.-;- > - r ...¦:..' .
CHICAGO. March 29.— CATTLE— Receipts,
100; nominal. Good to prime steers, $C50@7;
poor to medium, $4 2i>#6 40; stockers and feed
ers. $2&C@5: cows, $125@5 50; heifers. $2 50®
5 75: a canners. $1 2S@2 30; bulls, $2 50i§5 10;
calves, $2 00**0; Texas fed steers, $5@0.
HOGS — Receipts. $1500; steady. Mixed and
butchers. $0 45@6 90; good to ¦- choice ¦ heavy,
$8 756^05; rough heavy. $6 40@6 70; light.
$6 25@6 6S; bulk of sales, $6 45^6 80.
SHEEP— Receipts, 400; steady. - Good to
choice wethers, $5^5 40; fair to choice mixed,
$4 25@4 90; Western sheep and yearlings, $4 25
«j;5 85; native lambs, $4 25@6 60; Western
lambs, $5@0 65. .' ' >
Chicago;
Eastern Livestock Market.
Or the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was easy; creameries, 20@2C^c; dairies
10i,4@25c Cheese, firm, ll«4@13c. Eggs, flrm :
fresh, 13»4@14c.
WASHINGTON, March 23.— To-day's state
ment of the treasury shows: Available cash
balance, $175,617,110; gold. $02,932,ea2.
Condition of the Treasury.
SS73.700. Specie, f 177,382,700; Increase. $550,
300. Reserve. $245,303,000: increase, $1,524,000.
Reserve required. $241,338,325; decrease. $1,970,-
SS5. Surplus. $«.O65,575; Increase, $3,494,325.
NEW YORK, March 29. — The Financier says
this week: The bank statement of last week
showed a gain of $1,524,000 In cash. Instead of
the loss of $1,314,500, which was estimated from
the traceable movements of money up to
Wednesday night. The discrepancy may pos-
Fifcly be accounted for on the theory that the
receipts by the banks on and after Thursday
¦were In excess of the shipments, and that the
outward movement for the April settlement* did
not begin to be important until the close of the
bask week. The loans ehow a decrease of
$8,8.8.600. making $31,027,600 for the three
weeks since March 15, inclusive. The deposits
were reduced last week $7,881,300, - making
$40,313,400 in the three we«ke. It Is note
worthy that in this interval the loss in cash
was only $301,500. The statement is nearly
harmonious, the net Ions resulting from the
decrease tn loans, less the gain In cash, being
only $526,700 below the amount of the reduc
tion in deposits. The reserve requirements
¦were lessened by $1,970,325, which, added to the
gain in cash, made an increase in surplus re
serves of $3,494,325. This item now stands at
$6,9G5,575, against $7,870,500 at the correspond
ing date last year. The losses of cash by the
banks, which will probably result from the
shipment* of money in response to the demand
for the April settlements, will, later in the cur
rent week, most llkely.be counterbalanced by
the return of this -money from nearby center*
after euch adjustments have been effected so
that the derangement to the money market
caused by the outflow will be temporary.
HEW YORK, March 29. — The statement of
ti»e Associated Banks for the week ending to
day shows: X^oans. *9O4. 074,500; decrease.
$8,878,600. Deposits. $965,303,300; decrease,
$7,881,300. Circulation, $31,423,100; decrease.
m.400. Legal tenders, $70,621,200; Increase.
Associated Banks' Statement.
SATURDAY. MARCH 29,
Flour, qr sks. . . .10,116 Straw, tons • ; . 21 ¦
Wheat, ctls ..... 1,870 Wool, sks ..." 11s
Barley, ctls ..... 7,035 Feed, sks ..... '. \ 300
Oats, ctls .... ..." 585 Pelts. . bdls •.:.... 4->rt
Beans, sks ..... 1,500 Hides, No-..;. 170
Rye. Bks. - 200 Quicksilver. Ilka. 20
Potatoes, ska ... 3,025 Leather, rolls 1O'«
Onions, sks ..... • :500 Wine, gals; . ; ; . ! 45, 000
Bran, sks 3,125 Lime bbls ... ¦ 271
Middlings, sks .; 1.0R2 Sugar, ctls .'..!' '3 15',
Hay, tons ....'.. . 43'J Tallow, ctls . • 10
OREGON. > • "
Flour, qrgks. ..".'" l,632f
Receipts of Produce.
SUGAR— The A% estern Su^ar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per pound, in ]00-lb
bags; Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed
4.50c; Powdered, 4.35c; Candy Granulated!
4.35c; Dry Granulated Fine, 4.25c; Dry Granu
lated Coarse, 4.25c: Fruit Granulated' 4 25c-
Beet Granulated (100-lb bags only), none-
Confectioners' A,- 4.25c ;>. Magnolia A 2 85c :
Extra C, 3.75c; Golden C, 3.65c- "n ••'
3.65c; barrels,. 10c more; -half , barrels "So
more ; boxes, , 50c more ; - 50-lb bags, 10c ' rr ore
lor all kinds. Domlnos— Half-barrels .4 75c
boxes 5c per lb. No order taken for less than
75 .barrels or its equivalent. - "
COAL OIL— Water- White Coal Oil, in bulk.
13%c; Pearl Oil, in cases, 20c; Aetral, 20c-
Star., 20c; Extra Star, 24c; Elaine, 25c; Eocene"
22c;- deodorized stove Gasoline, In bulk ' 15Uc
in cases. 22c; Benzine, In bulk, 14>4c; in casee'
21c; 86-degree Gasoline, In bulk, 20c; in. cases,
2G%c. •¦¦.' . ; ¦ ¦
TURPENTINE— 7Gc per gallon in cases and
70c in drums and iron barrels.
OIL— California Castor Oil, in cases No 1
70c; pure, $1 20; Linseed Oil, in barrels, boiled'
76c; raw, 74c; cases, 5c more; Lucol, -66c for
boiled and 64c for raw, in barrels; Lard Oil
extra winter strained, barrels, 85c; cases. 00c'
China Nut, 57&@08c per gallon; pure Neats
foot, in barrels, 70c; eases,- 75c; Sperm pure
C5c; "V«iale Oil, natural white, 40050a per eail
Ion; Fish. Oil, barrels, 42i/jc; cases, 47V4c-
Cocoanut Oil, barrels, 1 ; 3& C fori Ceylon and
58%c for Australian. "
BAGS— Grain Bags, June and July, 6c; San
Quentln, 5.C5c; Wool Bags, 32@35c; Fleece
Twine. 7%@8c.
COAL—Wellington, $9 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington, $9; Seattle, $6 50; Bryant, ?(i 50;
Roslyn. $7; Coos Bay, $5 50; Greta, ?8; Walls
end. $8 50; Co-operative Wallsend, $S 50; Cum
berland, $12 in bulk and $13 25 in sacks; Penn
sylvania Anthracite Egg, $- — : ; Welsh An
thracite, ?14; Cannel. $11 per ton; Coke. $15
per ton in bulk and $17 in sacks; Rocky Moun
tain descriptions, $3 45 per 2000 lbs and ${j 50
per ton, according to brand. .
General Merchandise.
Cash quotations were as -follows: Flour, dull
and steady; winter patents, $3 80@4; straights
$3 2063 70; clears. $3@3 40;sprlng specials $4;
patents, $3 20®3 70; straights. $2 75@3 10-' No
3 spring wheat. «8@72c; No. 2 red. 77@79%c;
No. d white. 4294@44c; No. 2 rye, 55U@S5}ic
fair to choice malting barley, 63@67c- No 1
flaxseed. $1 C8; No. 1 Northwestern. $1 74
mess pork, per bbl. $16 60@16 65; lard per 100
lbs, $9 70@9 72%; 6 hort ribs sides (loos'e), $8 80
«r9 81%; dry salted shoulders (boxed), $9 20Q
'J 30; clover, contract grade, $S 50.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, bu ...\ 47.000 41,000
Wheat, bu 77.000 ¦ 85 000
Corn, bu 1(58,000 97,000
Oats, bu 248,000 258,000
Rye. bu 8,000 9 000
Barte3% bu Cft.OOO 10 000
WASHINGTON, March 29.— In accord
ance with long established custom, the
grounds immediately south of the White
Hpuse will be thrown open to the juvenile
population of the District of Columbia
Easter Monday for indulgence In their
annual pastime of egg. rolling. The Sec
retary of the Navy : has ordered the
Marine Band to -feive a concert in the
grounds In the afternoon.
Egg-Rolling at the White House.
. VEGETABLES — Asparagus, extra fancy
12',i@13e ,ver lb, 10®12c for No. 1 and 7@0c
for No. 2; Rhubarb, 85c@$l 25 per box; extra
fancy, $1 50; Green Peas, from Los Angeles
4&5%c; Bay Peas, 5@0%c; 8tring Beans, from
Los Angeles, 10@15c, including wax; Cabbage.
40c per ctl; Los -Angeles Tomatoes, 75c@$l 25
per box and 75c©'$l 25 per crate; Mexican To
matoes, 75c4?$l 20 r>er box, including repacked;
Dried Pepper3, 10@llc per lb: Los Angeles do,
13@17%c; Dried Okra, 12%@>20c per lb; Car
rots, 35i§50c per sack; Hothouss Cucumbers,
75c@$l 25 per dozen for small and $1 50&2 for
large; Garlic, 1%@2%c; Loa Angeles Green
Peppers, 12%#20c; Mexican do, 10@12%c; Egg
Plant, from Los Angeles, 25@30c; Summer
Squash, from Los Anreles, $1 35@1 75; Mar
rowfat Squash. $J0@15 per; ton; Hubbard
Squash, $10@!5; Mushrooms, nominal. .
ONIONS-r-Oregons, $2@2 15 for the best and
$1 754)2 for lower grades; Australian, $3 25@
3 75: Green Onions, 50@U5c per box.
POTATOES — New Potatoes. 4fi5c oer lb*
old, $1 25®1 40 for Burbanks from the river;
Oregon Burbanks, $1 35@1 70; Oregon Garnet
Chiles, $1 50@l 00; River Reds, $1 50@l 60-
Early Rose, for seed. $1 60@l 75; small Bur
banks, for seed, $1 10®l 30; Sweets, for
Mercede. ' • •
Onions are weaker under liberal aupolles
Good Friday was rigidly observed by ma \y
vegetable farmers acroea the bay and receipts
of vegetables from that section were light and
prices had an upward tendency. There was
considerable, inquiry for Asparagus, Rhubarb
and Peas for shipment north. Receipts from
the bay and river were 5C7 boxes Asparagus
424 boxes Rhubarb, 137 sacks Peas and 3 Baek<s
New Potatoes. Most Los Angeles \egetablea
were recoive-.l late and nrices were eanier In
consequence. Supplies of Tomatoes continue
large and the market waa weak. ¦*..'*>-: --i
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Oregon Burbanks are cleaning up fairly well,
although the feeling is not so strong as it was.
Some very fine stock sells occasionally at a
slight advance over the quotations. Small
Burbanks for seed are In excessive supply and
weak. The market is bare of Sweet Potatoes,
but fresh supplies are expected to-morrow.
The weather promises to be fair on Easter
4ay over the larger portion of the coast, be
coming cloudy and unsettled at night.
Forecast made at Saa Francisco for thirty
hours ending mldaigbt, March 30:
Northern California — Cloudy Sunday, becom
ing unsettled .at night; Xresb northeast winds.
Southern California— Cloudy, warmer Sun
day; fresh northeast winds.
Nevada. — Fair, warmer Sunday; fresh north
erly winds.
£aa Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy Sunday,
becoming unsettled at night: light northeast
«-in£e, cfcancir.ff to fresh eouthwest:
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
. -. «< Forecast Official.
The temperature continued from 6 to 9 de
/¦ grees above the normal north of the Tehachapi
and slightly below the normal in Southern Cali
fornia.
The pressure has fallen rapidly along the
coast north of Ca:?e Mendocino and there are
nme Indications of the approach of a disturb
ance on the northern coast.
FORECAST.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
San Francisco temperature 7 a. m., 50 degrees.
All quotations remain undisturbed.
DRESSED MEATS. B
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— 7@7%c for Steers and 6@7c per Id
for Cows. . .
VEAL — Large, 7%@8c; small, 8%@10c per
pound. - . •
. MUTTON— Wethers, 8%@0%c; Ewes, S@8%c
per pound. . . ./ ....
'LAMB — Yearlings, 10c 'per lb; Spring Lamb
I2%c per lb.
PORK— Dressed Hogs, 7%@0c per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for good sound
livestock delivered at San Francisco, less 50
per cent shrinkage for cattle:
CATTLE— Steers, 8%@9c; Cows and Heifers'
7@7%c; thin Cows, 4@5c per lb. ¦ -
CALVES— 4%@5%c per lb (gross weight)
SHEEP— Wethers, 4%@5c; Ewes, 3W04C ix>r
lb (gross weight).
LAMBS — Suckling Lambs, $2 50@2 75 ner
head or 6%@6c per lb liveweight; yearlings
4y.@3c per lb. ¦ '
• HOGS — Live Hors,. 200 lbs and under 6*itv
200 lbs and over,: 6%c; feeders, 6%c; bows 20
per cent oft; boars, 50 per cent off, and stag*.
40 per cent off from the above quotations -
Small White and Pink Beans are lower. All
other descriptions remain unchanged. There is
not much coins' on.
BEANS— Bayos. $2 40@2 60: small White.
$2 25@2 60; Large White, $2 25@2 50: Pea
$3 50@4; Pink. $1 90@2 15; Red, $2 50; Black
eye, $4 C0@4 75; LImas, $4@4 15; Red Kid
neys, $3 50@4 per ctl.
SEEDS— Trieste Mustard, $2 50@2 65; Yel
low Mustard, $3 26@3 50; Flax. $2 254T2 50-
Canary. 3%c for Eastern: Alfalfa from Utah
10%@llc; California. 10@10%c; Rape, 1V.&
2y 4 c; Hemp. 3%c per lb. ***
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1 60@2; Green, $1 50
@2; Blackeye, nominal.
Beans and Seeds.
Wheats-No 2-°***- HlKh - Low - Close -
Ma 7 59% €014 591* CO
I* 1 * -•• «09« 61% , m 60%
Oa'T^V'i- M54 ° 9!4 5D^
May ..'....'..".. 42*6 42% 41% 41%
July--- 34* 34H 34 34
beptember 29 29% 29 20Vt
Short ribe.»per 100 lbs— ' ™
M*"/ 8 85 8 90 • 8 82^ 8 87%
i ul y-- 8 95 8 02% 8 95 9 0U
September 9 02% 9 07% 9 02% 9 07%
Mess pork, per bbl— n
1« 65 16 72% 16 45 16 55,
July 16 80 16 90 16 60 16 77%
Lard. r*r 100 lb«=— n
May 9 $0 9 87% 9 72% 9 77%
July 9 90 9 90 9 87% 9 83
September ..... 9 95 9 97% 8 95 9 95
San Francisco Meat Market.
The feeling in all goods under this head is
better. Bran and Middlings have again ad
vanced, and even Hay is quoted 50c higher,
having rejralntd the .ground recently lost.
Rolled Barley rules firm in sympathy with the
raw product.
BRAN— $15 50@16 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $18 50®20 50,per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley, $20021 per
tori; Oilcaue Meal at the mill. $25026; Jobbing,
$26 50@27: Cocoanut Cake. $20@21: Corn Meal,
$29@30: Cracked Corn. $29 50@30 50; Mixed
Feed. S16SU7 50; Cottonseed Meal, $26 60.
HAY— Wheat ti $9@12; Wheat and Oat. $8 50
@11 50;:Oat.i $S@11; Alfalfa, $8@11; Clover,
$7@9; Voluntaer. $6 50@8 50; Stock, $CQS per
ton.
STRAW — 40@65c per bale..
Hay and Feedstuff s.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about l^e under, quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, 1014c; medium, 9©9Hc; light, 8@8%c;
Cow Hides, 9c x for heavy and 8c for light;
Stags. C@C%c; Salted Kip. 8c; Salted Veal. 9c;
Salted Calf. 10c: Dry Hides. 16c; Culls, 14c:
Dry Kip, 13c; Dry Calf. 18c; Culls and Brands,
15c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 15030c each; short
Wool. 20®60c each; medium, 60@75c; long
wool. S0c©$l 10 each; Horse Hides, salt, $2 75
@3 for large and $2 25@2 50 for medium. $1 75
4/2 for small and 50c for Colts; Horse Hides,
1 7! > for larec> J1 25 @ 1 B0 for medium. $1
@1 25 for small and 50c for Colts. Deerskins
Summer or; red skins, 35c; fall or medium
skins, 30c: winter or thin skins. 20c. Goat
skins — Prime Angoras, -75c; large and smooth.
50c; medium,* 85c. ~ -,r— • --~" ., -- .- •¦•.
TALLOW— No 1 tendered,' 5^'(S6c per lb-
No. 2, -4H@5c; grease. 3@3V4c • '
WOOL— Spring Southern, 12 months. 9@10c;
do, 7 months. 0@llc; Foothill, ll©13c per lb
HOPS — ll@12c for fair and 12y.@13}4c per
lb for good^to choice, first hands. "
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
THE COAST RECORD.
All kinds of rumors are rife as to the
reason of their sudden departure, after
having allowed it to be said that they in
tended to live for a long time in the
Orient. It is believed that their enforced
seclusion made their elopement honey
moon pall. They gave It out that they
proposed taking their time in returning
but Strong has stated that he must be in
New York in May at the latest.
YOKOHAMA, March 10.— May Yohe.
formerly Lady Francis Hope, and Cap
talc Putnam Bradlee Strong left here on
the 8th inst. on the German mail steamer
Kiautschou for America. They booked as
Mr. and Mrs. P. B. Strong, and Mrs.
Strong was accompanied by a maid.
MAY YOHE AND STRONG ¦
SUDDENLY LEAVE JAPAN
Former Lady Hope and Man She Ran
Away With Coming to
America.
Miss Alice Hay is an attractive young
woman. Wadsworth devotes much of his
time to managing affairs of his father's
large estate in Geneseo Valley. His
father, James Wolcott Wadsworth. for
whom he is named, is a Representative
from the Thirtieth District of New York
and has served nine years as a member
of Congress. Wadsworth is ai> all around
athlete. At golf he/is one of the cham
pions of the Chevy^Chase Club.
WASHINGTON, March 29.— Formal an
nouncement was made to-day by Secre
tary of State and Mrs. Hay of the en
gagement of their second daughter. Miss
Alice Hay, to James Wadsworth Jr. of
New York. The wedding will not occur
until autumn.
Miss Alice to Become Bride of the Son
of a New York Con,'*
gressman.
HAY'S SECOND DAUGHTER
WILL JttARRY WADSWORTH
FLOUR-r-Californla Family Extras, $3 50®
3 75, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 40@3 50;
Oregon, $2 75@3 25 per 'barrel for family and
$3@3 50 for Bakers'; Washington Bakers'. $3
@3 50. -^
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as " fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour. $7; Corn Meal. $3 25;
extra cream do, $4; Oat Groats. $5; Hominy,
$4@4 25; Buckwheat Flour, $4@4 25; Cracked
Wheat, $3 50; Farina. $4 50; Whole Wheat
Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels). $6 85@8 35;
in sacks, $6 50@8; Pearl Barley. $5; Split Peas,
$5; Green Peas, $6 50 per 100 lbs. ,' ;
Flour and Millstuffs.
J. S. and Maria Bettencourt' (wife). to John
A. and Mai ia Lewis, lot beginning at intersec
tion of E line of ' alley way with N East street,
166 from/SE corner of Rupprleht's proptrty,
thence along said line on E street. NE 74:7,
NW-102, SW 72.75. S 149, to beginning Town
of Haywards, Eden Townshio; $10.
Robert and Llna Dietrich (wife) to John and,
Sophie Stros*. (wife), lot on E lino of Paru
street, 66:8 S of Buena Vista 'avenue, S 33:4
by E 100, block 40, map town of Encinal and
land adjoining, Alameda; $10.
John Wulzen to Minna Wulzen, lot on SW
corner of Hawthorn street and San Antonio
avenue. W 261:2 by S -209:5, Alameda: gift. -
Selma . Koboldt (widow) to Anna Wolfnim,
lot on Wline of Shuey avenue. 124 S of East
Twenty-seventh street, S . 80 by W 115,
Brooklyn Township; $10.
Alphonse and Leonle Seiller to C. B. Crane,
lot on NE corner of Bonte and Hllgard ave
nues, 25x100, being subdivisions 9 and 10, block
25, Daley's Scenic Park Tract map subdivision,
block 25,- Berkeley; $10. .
James Kane (single). to Athella B. McHar
die, lot on E line of Fourth street, 429:6 N of
Haight avenue, E 290. N 40:9, W 140. S 4:3.
AV 150, S 36:6, portion lot 10, Woodward' s sur
vey of acre lots, Alameda ; $10.
Warren B. and Ora S. Ewer (wife) to Irving
H. Sanborn (single), lot on W line of Vernal
avenue. 150 N of Vista, N 50 by W 182, block
4, map Piedmont Park, Oakland Township;
$10.
Irving H. Sanborn (single) to Warren P. and
Ora S. Ewer ¦ (wife), same, as Joint tenants,
not tenants in common; Oakland township; $10.
Varney W. and Annie F. Gaskill to Michael
and Lizzie McGuire. lot on S line of Twenty-
Eeventh street, or Park, 115 E of West, E 25
by S-90. lot 10, block 2021, map No. 2,
Whitcher Tract, Oakland; $10. ¦--'.•
t Ellen Montgomery (widow) (by Richard J.
Montgomery, attorney) to Mary J. and Ellen
Tobin, lot on S line of Forty-third street. SB
771.96 E fronv Grove, SE 48, S 01.25. W 48,
N 91.25, portion lot 72, map No. 2, Montgom
ery Tract, portion plat 36, Oakland; $10.
Jennie E. Manuel . (widow) to George G.
Mackinnon (single), lot 10, block 1, plat State
University Homestead Association, Berkeley;
$10.
Charles Alec and Mercy S. Johnson to John
Andresen, lot on W line of Union street, 125
'N of Pacific avenue, N 50 by W 108, . lots 11
and 12, block 43, map property in vicinity -of
Encinal station, Alameda; $10.
Alameda County.
Callaghan Estate Company (corporation) to
Pe^er D. and Johanna W. Bernhard, lot on NW
corner of Eleventh avenue and I street, N 25
by W 95; also lot on N line of I street, 95 W
of Eleventh avenue. W 25 by N 100; $10.
Estate of Walter D. McHardie (minor) (by
John McHardie, guardian) to Solomon G«tz,
lot on E line of Nineteenth avenue, 100 N of
J street. N 25 by E 120; $500. -V : y "--'¦
W. Z. and E. A. Stone to Sarah J. Stone
(single), lot 168, Gift Map 2; $250.
Catherine and John Cregan to Daniel F.
Leahy lot on NW line of California avenue.
100 NE of Eugenia street, NE 30 by NW 100,
Precita Valley lot 378; $10. •
.Francis H. Page to Mary H. Phillips, lot on
S line of Eleventh avenue, 92:8 E of Railroad,
E 40:4, 8 86:3, W 40, N 100:2, block 228, Cen
tral Park Homestead; gift.
Alice H. Waited (single) to Melissa A. Pot
ter (widow), lot on B line of Twenty-sixth
avenue, 1257* of B street. N 210 by E 120; $10.
Patrick Powers to Thomas and John Powers
and Annie Bowers (Powers), lot on SB line of
Minna street, 125 SW of Seventh. SW 25 by BE
80; gift. '
James E. Gorman to Clarissa L. Gorman, lot
on NW line of Minna street, 200 NE of Sixth,
NE 25 by NW 80; $10.
John Wulzen to Minna Wulzen (wife) lot on
W line of Third street, 200 N of Harrison, W
SO by N 25; gift.
Francois M. Orjubln to Louise Orjubin (wife),
lot- on SW line of Montgomery avenue, 40.20
NW of Powell street, being distant 82:6 S of
Filbert and distant 25.76 W of Powell. NW
39.04, W" 30.76, 8 36, E 01.77; gift.
Lsna "J., Charles B. and E.. V. Glbbs to
Barton S. Hays, lot on 8 line of Post street,
68:9 E of Hyde, E 34:4% by S 137:6; $10.. .
John and Catherine McGrath to Thomas
Ward, lot on NW corner of Valley and Church
streets, N 25 by W 100; $10.
Edna L. Elsf elder (by C. W. Wright and W.
R. H. Adamson. trustees) to John W. Wright,
1809 D. 261, lot on N line of Twenty-second
street, 203:7 W of Church, W 50:11 by N 114,
trustees' deed; $300. ¦
Mary S. Knoll to Joseph B. and Maggie
Clark, lot on N line of Twenty-flrst street, 110
W, of Harrison. W 25 by N 100, quitclaim
deed; $10.
Pauline Nathan to Jacob Wise, lot on W line
of Steiner street, 98:3 S of Geary, S 22 by W
88 (Hamilton Square); $10.
John Coop and James W. Smith to Mary I.
Parkinson, lot on W line of Clayton street. 235
N of Frederick, N 25 by W 125; $10.
Charles S. Darling to Ellen A. Bierce (wife
of F. A.) lot on W line of Broderick street,
77:7 S of Sacramento, S 27:6 by W 82:0; $10.
¦ James W. and Mary L. Coleman to Matthew
G. Hummel, lot on N line of Union street,
112:6 E of Webster, E 25 by N 100; $10.
Napa and Berryessa Valley Oil Company
(corporation) to Henry E. Bothln, lot on SW
corner of Chestnut and Laguna streets, W
137:6. S 120, E 50, N 24, E 87:6. N 96.75;
$4000. . 1
SATURDAY, MARCH 29,
« . £
CHICAGO, March 29.— Some slight strength
was acquired by wheat from the cold weather.
There were no foreign markets open, however,
and news, apart from the weather, was meager.
The session also was short and the tendency In
wheat was" to clear up deals. Reports from the
winter wheat belt continue to develop, bearish
sentiment. Rains and the warm weather helped
the growth of plants materially during the
week. Some of the Chicago crop experts in
Kansas reported 70 to 75 per cent of a crop for
that State. At the start there was fair buying
by a prominent professional to take in a long
line of shorts and there was also some Eastern
buying. business did not last long, but
the offerings continued In heavy surplus of the
demand, and prices collapsed temporarily. May
started %@%c lower to a shade higher at 71 Vic
to <l»£e. advanced to 71 %c and then dropped
to the lowest that May has reached this
year— 70%c. This new level induced good short
covering and some investment purchases and a
recovery to 71 %c followed. May closed easy.
He down, at 71*4@71%c
Snowing in Kansas and below freezing in the
Southwest started corn shorts to covering.
There could not. of course, be any growing of
grass with that temperature, and traders ar
gued & further need of corn for feeding. There
was a good demand most of the day and only
light offerings to meet it. May opened firm,
59**&Ste i0%C <md closed firm. %c higher, at
Oats were weak. Offerings, especially of May,
were liberal and there was no apparent attempt
by the bull faction to support prices. May
started slightly under Thursday's close, sagged
to * 1^ c and closed weak, %o lower, at 41 %c
. Profit-taking ruled the day in provisions. The
hog situation was still bullish. The chief buy
ers of last week who bulled the market were
content to take their share of profits, however.
The clOBe was easy, May pork 15c lower, lard
«« down and ribs a shade lower. ¦. v
Thar* will be no session of the Board of
Son^K&diy 3 :- APr " .*• ° Wlngt0 the elec "
The leading futures ranged as follows:
SEAIi ESTATE TRANSACTIONS
Chicago Grain Market.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
late as compared with those of same date last
teason, and rainfalls in last twenty-four hours:
SAN FRANCISCO, March 2S— 5 p. m
<120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
Weather Report.
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel. 9%c; three
half-barrels, 9?ic; one tierce, 9%c; two tierces.
9&c; five tierces. 9%c per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 7%c per lb for
compound and 10%@llc for pure; half barrels,
pure, HKc: 10-lb tins, ll%c; 5-lb tins. ll%c;
J-lb tins, 11 vie.
Chicago reported that situation very nervous
and unsettled. At the opening the cash de
mand improved and the packers' were bullish,
but later 6rt buyers tried to break the market,
buying eagerly, however, when they had done
so. There were more buyers than sellers,
but the market was lower on the day.
San Francisco dealers are In a state of un
certainty regarding prices of Hams, Bacon and
Lard. Several houses will probably advance
their quotations %c all around to-morrow, but
there are others who are hanging back, say
ing that they do not yet know whether they
will make any change or not. All agree, how
ever, that the market is very firm •
CURED MEATS — Bacon. 12c per lb for
heavy, 1214c for light 13%c for light
14 %c tor extra light and 15c for sugar-cured '
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 13@13%c- Califor
nia Hams. 11%@12%c; Mess Beef, $9 60@10
per barrel; extra Mess, $10 G0@ll; Family
$11 50@12; prime Mess Pork. $15; extra clear
$22 50@23; Mess, $18 50@19; Smoked Beef'
13Va@14c per lb. .
Provisions.
The decision of the sub-committee was
made after two months of investigation.
It is probable the report which will be
submitted Monday will be adopted by the
full Philippines Committee. In s recom
mending the adoption of the free coinage
of polyglot money the sub-committee is
going contrary to the recommendations of
the Taft Commission.
"WASHINGTON, March 29.— The recom
mendation of the sub-committee of the
Philippine Committee— Senators Allison,
Beveridge and Dubois— f or a system of
currency for the Eastern possessions of
the United States is certain to give rise
to wide discussion. It provides for free
coinage of silver into polyglot coins, part
ly American, partly Spanish and partly
Chinese.
Currency.
mittee Suggest a System of
RECOMMEND COINAGE >1
OF POLYGLOT MONEY
Senators of the Philippines Sub-Com-
NEW WESTERN HOTEL. "
P McMahon, Vallejo Sacramento
J E Llpsett, Victoria S Wilde, Woodland
Mrs J Lyle, Victoria W J Seat, Spokane
E E Denney & w, Mo J H Sellers, Vallejo
J C'ranna & f am, Cal T E Britt, Buffalo
E Budlande, Bakersfld Mrs V Strettmaths, 111
F J White, Los Ang E Ballard. San Jose
B Monson, Seattle J E Malbon, Oakland
B Olsen, Seattle D Vigeant, Redding
F Lake, Ventura G Niggle, San Felipe
A J Goldsmith & fam, 'A
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
Local bank clearings during the past week
rere $35,750,649, against $22,297,867 during the
*xne week last year. The abnormally heavy
Hearings lust week were due to the large pay
nents through the banks in settlement of the
Earket Street Railroad deal.
Bank Clearings.
The Easter holidays continued yesterday
Sirougbout the East and Europe, the Chicago
Board of Trade being the only large exchange
tofhg business. This explains the absence of
luotations. Easter Monday will also be gen
trally observed as a close day in Europe.
The Easter Holidays.
California dried fruits were also quiet with
the small business transacted being of a holi
day character. Prunes are meeting with a light
jobbing demand. Apricots and peaches move
slowly and are rather easier in tone.
PRUNES— 3i6©7c.
APRICOTS— Royal, 10©14c; Moorpark. 11%®
PEACHES— Peeled, 14@18c; unpeeled, 8®10c.
¦ The evaporated apple market was extremely
Julet to-day, with little in the way of new
business. Prices were unchanged, the lower
grades showing weakness. State.- common to
good, 7@8%c; prime, 8@9Uc; choice, 9&c;
fancy. 10&<glle.
DRIED FRUITS
crop, 15@18%c; 1900 crop, 12@13V4c; old, 4@6c.
Pacific Coast, l©01 crop, 15@18c; 1000 crop. 12
@13i4c: olds. 4©6c.
IIIDES— Steady. California, 21 to 25 pounds,
WOOL— Dull. Domestic fleece, 26®29c.
PETROLEUM— Steady. Refined New York.
i.20c; Philadelphia and Baltimore, 7.15c; do, in
bulk, 4.65c.
SATURDAY, March 29—12 m.
Eid.Ask. I ¦ Bid. Ask.
Alpha .." 02 O3ljustice .. 08 11
Alta 04 06!Kentuck 01 02
Andes 04 05 Lady Wash.. — 04
Belcher 05 06Mexican 4S 49
Best & Belch. 27 ' 23; Occidental ... 08 10
Bullion .02 OSlOphir 100 105
Caledonia ... 48 49 ! Overman .... 08 09
Challenge Con 18 20 Potosi 15 16
Chollar ...... 12 14Savag e 05 0«
Confidence . .". ¦ C3 60 Scorpion — 04
C C & Va....l 25 1 3O.Seg Belcher.. 02 03
Con Imperial. — 01 Sierra Nevada 25 20
Con New Yrk. 01 02 Silver Hill... 55 50
Crown Point. 04 05 St Louis .... 06 —
Eureka Con.. 18 — Syndicate .... — 06
Exchequer ... 01 02 Union Con . . 27 28
Gould & Cur. 09 10 Utah '. 05 07
Hale & Nor. . 25 . 28 Yellow Jacket 15 16
Julia — 04l
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
The situation remains, unchanged, both here
and in the East. The feeling is firm, but trade
is quiet. . .
FRUITS— Apricots, 9@llc for R&yals and
10@13c for standard to ' fancy Moorparks;
Evaporated Apples, 8®Oc; ' sun dried. 5c;
Peaches, Otf@8»4c; Pears, o@0c; Plums, pitted,
5«Uc; unpitted, 1%@2%c; Nectarines, Oftigtic
lor red and 6%0bc for white; figs 4%c for
black and 5>6@t>c for white.
PRUNES — 1K01 crop are quoted as follows:
30-40's, 6%@G%c; 40-50' s, 5@5V£ c; 50-00's, 4^4
@4%c: GO-io's, 46414c; 70-tso's, 3%@3%c; 50
ao's, 3@3V4c; 90-luO's. jji/4<g2%c per lb. ' -
RAlblNS — Seeded, 3-ciown, 8c; 2-crown, 654
<S7%c; Loose Muscatels, tffcc for 4-crown and
6%cfor seedless; 3-crown, Cc; 2-crown 5ftc-
Seedless Sultanas, 6%c for unbleached and 79
P^c for bleached. Clusters — Imperials, S3- De
besii. GO; Fancy, $1 75; London . Layers,
NUTS— Walnuts, No. 1 softshell, 9U@l0c;
No. 2 8@S%c; No. I hardshell, 9c; No. 2, 7c;
Almonds, 10%@12c for papershell, 9@10c for
softshel and «©7c for hardshell; Peanuts, 6@7o
for Eastern; Brazil Nuts, 12@l2%c; Filberts
ll!@12Vac: Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts, S3 50Q!>'.
HONKY— Comb. ll©12c for bright and IKgllc
for light amber; water white .extracted, 5®
6c; light amber extracted, 4@5c; dark, 4c.
BEESWAX— 27%©29c per lb
Dried . Fruits, Nats and Raisins.
Informal Session— 8:15 o'clock— December—
2000 ctls, 77 He.
Second Session — May — J000 ctls, 01c
Regular Morninsr Session — May — 10.000 ctls.
91 %c. .. .
OATS — The market continues neglected,
there being no movement whatever. Prices
remain as betcre. .
Grays, $1 30@l 40; whites, $1 30@l 45; Sur
prise, $1 4001 45; black. $1 12%@1 22>A for
feed and ?1 22%@1 32ft for. seed; red, $1 30<3
1 42 H Per ctl.
CORN — Previous quotations rule, with a very
lijrht Business..
Large Yellow. $1 S5@l CO; small round do.
?1 35@1 50; white. $1 35@1 40 per ctl
RYE— 02^®05c per ctl. Another clearance
of 32.185 ctls, valued at $30,575, for Europe
has just been made from this port.
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at $1 C5@l 75 per
ctl. . • . ¦
CALL BOARD SALES,
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock — December
2000 ctls, $1 08. May— 2000, $1 00
4ooo co $? Qs^r alon ~ May ~ l4>co ° ctis# ?i os % :
.. I ! eg V Iar Morning Session— May— 20,000 ctls,
$1 081^. December*- 20C0, *1 07%; 2000, $107%
BARLEY— Dealers all quoted a firm mar
ket, though the local demand wai very small.
Prices remained unchanged.
Feed. 95c for No. 1 and 92V4c for off grades;
brewing and shipping grades, 97V.c@$l; Cheva
lier. 95c@$l 20 per ctl. " 1
. WHEAT — The foreign markets were closed
and the only news from abroad was that con
tained in a cable from Liverpool - by a New
York exporter, who said that Europe was con
suming one-third more wheat than she was
importing, Including every thine afloat; that
her lltht stocks were rapidly diminishing and
that she must necessarily become a heavy
buyer. The shipments from the Argentine
elnce January 1 amount to 7.020,000 bushels,
a decrease of 5,528.000 bushels from fcist year!
Chicago quotations showed little change, the
market being f.rm. with less pressure to sell.
Stocks at MinneaDolls decreased 425.000 bush
els during the week. |
The San Francisco market was dull and
featureless.
51 11&61 13% per ctl.
Wheat and Other Grains.
NEW YORK. March 29.-Local agents
of English and Continental steamship
lices received Official notice to-day that
the agreement for minimum passenger
rates, which was finally effected last week
on the other side, will go into effect Mon
day, March 31. The agreement contains
a provision lengthening the summer sea
son. This season, during which rates are
2n per cent higher than the winter, will
last from May to October on west-bound
rates and from April 1 to October 1 on
east-bound. The only important changes
are a discriminative increase on some of
the larger ships of the express lines.
LIVERPOOL,, March 29.— The secretary
of the North Atlantic steamship confer
ence announced to-day that the conti
nental lines had signed the agreement
fixing minimum saloon passage rates. The
agreement becomes effective March 3L
The signatories of the agreement are the
American, Anchor, Atlantic Transport,
Allan, Cunard, Dominion, Leyland, French
Transatlantic, Hamburg-American, North
German Lloyd, Bed Star and " Holland-
American lines. The Beaver line refused
to sign.
Sign Agreement for Charges
Across Atlantic.
STEAMSHIP MANAGERS
FIX MINIMUM BATES
Representatives of Continental Lines
Morning Session.
700 Best & Belch. 26 500 Ophir 90
400 Best & Belch. 27 500 Overman 08
100 C C & Va.-.l 27H 300 Potosl 15
700 Con New York 02 5C0 Potosl 10
300 Gould & Cur. 00 100 Sierra Nevada 25
500 Justice 00 900 Silver Hill... 65
200 Mexican ..... 47 _ ..
Following were the sales on the Pacific Stock
Exchange' yesterday :
Morning Session,
100 Chollar . . 121 700 Silver Hill... 55
100 Sierra Nevada 25| "
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
MINING STOCKS,
•iT?£,9 ty of Pckln « took oufca treasure list of
?174,915, consisting of $:>615 in. Mexican dol
lars and $171,300 in silver bullion. t
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 86%
Sterling Cables, sight — 4 88%
Sterling Cables ;. _. 4 so%
New Tork Exchange, sight — 12V,
New Yerk Exchange, telegraphic — 15 -
Silver, per ounce ' 5374
Mexican Dollars, nominal — 45%
Exchange and Bullion.
Eastern and European exchanges generally closed.
Local stocks and bonds quiet and featureless.
Shipment of $174,915 in specie to China.
Local bank clearings continue to lead last year.
Wheat dull and edsy. Barley firm.
Oats and Corn dull and unchanged.
Rye still going to Europe.
Hay, Bran and Middlings quoted higher again.
Beans quiet, with several kinds lower.
Butter, Cheese and Egg^still in heavy supply;
Dried Fruits quiet andTfirm, as usual.
Provisions firm and unsettled here and at Chicago.
Meat market as prrjiously quoted. .
Less firmness in 'Potatoes. Onions weak.
Poultry in ample supply and weak. Game slow.
Citrus Fruits about as before quoted.
First Strawberries appeared from Palo Alto.
LOCAL MARKETS.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges, $1@1 75
for standard, $1 (562 50 for choice and $2®2 75
for 'lancy: extra lancy, $3; Seedlings, *1«J
1 75; Mediterranean Sweets, $1 75@2- Tan
gerines,, in quarter boxes, 76c@$l and
$1 Si5@l CO in halt boxes; Lemons. 75ctf$l tor
common and $1 25@l 75 for good to choice and
?2@2 75 for fancy; Grapo Fruit. $1@3, includ
ing seedless; Mexican Limes, $4 50®5; Ba
nanas.- $1 75@2 50 per bunch for New Orleans
and $1@2 for Hawaiian; Pineapples. ?3@4 per
dozen. ¦ ->"^ ; V '. • ''.' '*•• '¦'•,¦ :-•¦¦- ¦
APPLES— $2@2 25 per box for efrtra, $1 25@
1 75 for good to choice and <5Oc<3$ 1 for ordi
nary. ¦
Conditions in the Orange market showed no
change. Receipts were light and the demand
was steady for small-sized fruit. The bulk
of the offerines were of undesirable sizes and
these were slow. Lemons are moving well at
previous prices. Three cars of Oranges are
announced for - to-morrow's auction. There
was no change In the other fruits. • ¦ •'
The first Strawberries of the season came to
hand from • Palo Alto yesterday. ' They were
of the Longworth variety and sold at 75c® $1
per basket. 18 baskets being received. .
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
basement and attic frame building (three flats)
on lot on N line of Broadway, 50 E of. Laguna
street. E 30 by N 137:6; $1091.
F. W. Wolters (owner) with Charles J. U.
Koenlg (contractor), architect same— All work
except electrical work, gas .fixtures, mantels
and shades for a three-story and basement
frame building (three flats) on lot on W line
of Central avenue, 100 S of Page street. S 25
by W 03:0; $723S. • '• ' --' '~
Hermann Braunschweiger (owner) with .City
Street Improvement Company (a corporation)
(contractors), architect Hermann Barth—Exca
vation, pile driving, bulkheadlnar and repairing
street for a 4-story and basement brick build
ing on W line of Drumm street, 91:2 N of Cali
fornia, N 46:4 by TV 70; |3860. -
Same owner with Thomas Butler & Son (con
tractors), architect same — Brick terra cotta.
Iron and'Steel work, illuminating tiles, eta. for
same on same; $9420. ¦ - _
Same owner with 'A. McElroy (contractor),
architect same — Carpenter work, roofing, hard
ware, painting, electrical work. etc.. for same
on same; $5374.
Same owner with' A. J. McNlcoll Elevator
Company (contractors), architect same^-One di
rect electric freight elevator for same on same;
74,057 shares, valued at $33,326. the leading
sales being as follows: Aztec, ,1000 shares;
California Standard, 1775;, Independence, 8000;
Junction, 1000; Petroleum Center, 13,800; Lion.
5050; Monarch.- (5350; Monte Cristo. 17C0: Oil
City, 1600; Sovereign.. 8950; Reed.. 1200; Occi
dental. 2665; Sterling, 14,550. *••
13 The, West Shore Oil Company has declared a
dividend of 5 cents per share, payable April 1.
• PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE. .
— - — — \. '
¦ Morning Session. .
Board — ¦;'•¦
500 Four 53
100 Home. v. 3 75
1500 Lion 07
¦ 600 Monarch of Arizona, b 90...... .. " 18
200 Monte Cristo v. 1 45
150 Occidental of W. Virginia IS
150 Occidental of W. Virginia, b 00.. 19
500O Petroleum Center 07
1O0O Sovereign 26
700 Sovereign 27
50 Sovereign v . 28
500 Sterling ., 145
500 Sterling, b 90 .......... 1 45
Cheese and pounds of Eastern Cheese.
BUTTEK — Creamery, 21c-. per 'pound- for
fancy. 20c •- for .. and : 19c . for • seconds ;
dairy, l<@l$)c;.- store Butter, ie@17c per
pound. •- .'. - - .¦¦ ¦> . ¦ • % 7- •,
¦ CHEESE — New/ : 0@10c; ' old.' 9@llc;
Young America, b®10c; Eastern,- 13@15c per
pound. i. ¦ ,
EGGS— Ranch, 14@15c: store, 13@14c per
dozen. '. ¦*•.«_*"¦ . ~. r <_
THE SAN FRANCISCO -GALL, SUNDAY, ; MARCH 30, 1902.
35
j Lower prices ruiea for Sterling and Sovereign
oh the Oil Exchange^ with much smaller sales,
and the flurry over the large contract for island
delivery ' seems" to have subsided. Otherwise
there was nothing new In the oil stocks
The Stock ana Bond Exchange will : resume
business ¦:¦ to-morrow as usual. ,• •.•".*. " >
Sales on the Oil Exchange last week were
STATIONS.
e
1
S • 2
*£ E$
55 eg
c e
? 3
If
03
Is-
o »
5"
a
Astoria.......:.
Baker
Carson
Eureka.
Fresno
Flagstaff
Pcpatello. Ida
Independence.
Los Angeles. .
Phoenix
Portland
Red Bluff...,.
Roeeburg. ....
Sacramento. . .
Salt Lake
San Francisco
S. L. Obispo. .
Ean Diego
Seattle
Spokane
iCeah Bay
"Walla Walla.
'Winnemucca.
Tuma
.30.18
-.30.22
..SO. OS
..30.10
..29.96
..2U.92
1.30.30
..29.96
..23.88
.30.02
.29.88
..30.08
.29.88
..30.2«
3.30.02
..30.00
..29.98
..30.20
..30.42
-.30. 1«
.30.26
..30.20
..29.90
r.o
42
52
54
74
46
34
64
- 68
76
5$
72
t S8
68
34
68
68
60
Mi
46
52
S3
44
HO
40 KW Clear
18 SE Cloudy
30 NE Cloudy
38 KW Cloudy
48 NW Clear
24. W CleaV
14 SW Clear
42 W Clear
50 W Clear
56 SW Clear
38 NTT Clear
.. N Pt Cidy
32 JTW Clear
52 SW Cloudy
22 NW Clear
48 W Pt Cldy
40 W Clear
52 NW Clear
28 NW Clear
24 SW Clear
36 E Clear
28 N Pt Cldy
16 W Cloudy
48 N Clear
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
T.
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
.01V
.00
Last This Last
Stations— 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka .00 44.30 41. SS
Red Bluff 00 27.75 22.17
Sacramento 00 ' 15.46 17. IS
>an Francisco 00 x6.93 18.84
FVesao ., 00 6.10 10. 2S
Independence 00 4.13 5.31
tan L.uis Obispo 00 - 19.40 . 27.62
tx>s Angeles 00 9.ST 14.10
San Uk-g-o 00 5. S3 S.19
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature
IS, minimum 4S. mean r>s.
The following maximum and minimum tem-
peratures were reported from Eastern stations:
Boston S8-40 Kansas City 64-40
Cincinnati 6O-50 Omatia 60-32
Philadelphia 5S-32 Chicago 54-38
Washington 6C-5G,Duluth .! 54-31
Jacksonville 78-GS>;St.- Xxmis 64-50
Hew York 50-461Salt Lake City 38-22
STATIONS.
e
1
S • 2
*£ E$
55 eg
c e
? 3
If
03
Is-
o »
5"
a
Astoria.......:.
Baker
Carson
Eureka.
Fresno
Flagstaff
Pcpatello. Ida
Independence.
Los Angeles. .
Phoenix
Portland
Red Bluff...,.
Roeeburg. ....
Sacramento. . .
Salt Lake
San Francisco
S. L. Obispo. .
Ean Diego
Seattle
Spokane
iCeah Bay
"Walla Walla.
'Winnemucca.
Tuma
.30.18
-.30.22
..SO. OS
..30.10
..29.96
..2U.92
1.30.30
..29.96
..23.88
.30.02
.29.88
..30.08
.29.88
..30.2«
3.30.02
..30.00
..29.98
..30.20
..30.42
-.30. 1«
.30.26
..30.20
..29.90
r.o
42
52
54
74
46
34
64
- 68
76
5$
72
t S8
68
34
68
68
60
Mi
46
52
S3
44
HO
40 KW Clear
18 SE Cloudy
30 NE Cloudy
38 KW Cloudy
48 NW Clear
24. W CleaV
14 SW Clear
42 W Clear
50 W Clear
56 SW Clear
38 NTT Clear
.. N Pt Cidy
32 JTW Clear
52 SW Cloudy
22 NW Clear
48 W Pt Cldy
40 W Clear
52 NW Clear
28 NW Clear
24 SW Clear
36 E Clear
28 N Pt Cldy
16 W Cloudy
48 N Clear
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
T.
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
.01V
.00
Last This Last
Stations— 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka .00 44.30 41. SS
Red Bluff 00 27.75 22.17
Sacramento 00 ' 15.46 17. IS
>an Francisco 00 x6.93 18.84
FVesao ., 00 6.10 10. 2S
Independence 00 4.13 5.31
tan L.uis Obispo 00 - 19.40 . 27.62
tx>s Angeles 00 9.ST 14.10
San Uk-g-o 00 5. S3 S.19
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature
IS, minimum 4S. mean r>s.
The following maximum and minimum tem-
peratures were reported from Eastern stations:
Boston S8-40 Kansas City 64-40
Cincinnati 6O-50 Omatia 60-32
Philadelphia 5S-32 Chicago 54-38
Washington 6C-5G,Duluth .! 54-31
Jacksonville 78-GS>;St.- Xxmis 64-50
Hew York 50-461Salt Lake City 38-22
RAILWAY TBAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIPia
Trains l«t»vo »»•»«• nr« da* to nrrlia m*
(Main Liix». Toot of Market Straai.)
CKATX — TBOU TEBBUABT 9, 1901 — ASXIfS
7:OOa Benlda, Sutaun, Ehatr* md 8»era-
mento <tS3»
7tOOA VacaTlUe, "Winters, Rumaey 7«33»
7 ISO * MarUuez. San Uamou. V allajo. Kspa,
. : . CalUtof* and Santa Bom «;33r
8:OO A D»tU. Woodlaud. KalgbU Landing.
AUrysTilSe. Oroi Illo.. TtS-i*
giOO* Atlantis Itxpreaa— O»<Sen and Kaa* »:a5 A
»<O»a Nlles, LaUirop, Stockton 7iSay
MtOOANUes, MandoU. Hanford. Vii*Ua,
Porterfllla K .. «»33»
•i»t»A ShaaU Expresa-Dat Is, Wi!Il»ma (for
• . BaxUetk Sprlan}, WUlows, Bad
Blun*. Portlsiid. 7i»*»
>|B*A San Joae. Llf armors, SUMkkDB.
Ioiib. 8»ar»inFtiU>. Flaaartfils,
Mirj»»lllo, CbiiM. lted Bluff «>S3a
«<*»» OkkJale, Chin«*e,8onor». Tuolumn* 4tSSy
OiSOa H»yw»rd. Nllea aad Way SUtloua.. 110134
OiOOa Tallejo l»O3»
9:00a Loa Angales Exuresa — Martina*.
Trscr. i<athrop. Stockkon. Mrrted •
TreanoaudLoaAngelea 7>S34
•iSO* Vallejo. Martluez and Way SUUcaa 7:53»
1 OiOUA The Oterlaml Umitad— Ocdaa. Uaa.
»er, O.u»ha. Chicago »:*3»
1l«OOf 8*cr»mout« UI*«r 3Man>ara......... flllOO*
litiur Heutci*. Wlcters. Sacramento,
Wuoiiiaml. Kutekta Laadinc,
M»ryt»lllc. Orofilia IOiSS*
ItSOr Hajwara. Win and Waj 8UUoa«.. 7j33f
«t««r Martiuax. Hm lUmou. Va!I»Jo,
Nap*. <i»H«'og». Santa Itota •¦*"»4
«iOOr Nlles, Urermore. Stockton. Lodl... 1»<*S>*
4>:n»r Hayward. Mle«. Hart.Jo.e, Ltrprmora 'SiOi*
*:1»F Tlta Owl Llrnltod Fre»uo, TtUare.
Bakanflatd. Bangna for 3»uU Du>
' bara, Loa Aniielea "133*
BiOOr Port Coata. Tracy. Lakhrop, Stockton 1 »j33a
Bioor M^rtinri. AnUoeh, Bwckton, Mar-
oed, Traano - 1*<»3»
•toop Bafward, Nllea and Ban Jose ' 7>33»
«S:«Mr Vallejo 11494
•tOttrOrlmital Mall-Ocdan. Denvar.
Omaha, St LouU. Chicago 4iS9»
Ti«Op Oregon aud California Ki|>reas.Ha«> .'
. rnmeiitn. Mary«<ille. Ito.Mlm,
l'oi'klaiut. I'ligBl Soiii.J antl East •<••*
•¦•»F 8ta Pablo. Port Uoata. Uaitinas
and Way SUtlons H.*3a
t»lO3 f Vallijo 7taaf
COAST LINE (Nurroir U>ng«).
¦ ¦ (FcototMirfeetStraoU _
¦ilSANenarlc.Oautarilll9,.1aiiJoae,Feltoa.
Uoulder Cr*ak,8auta0nisand Way
Htatiuua «UI«»
t»t I n r Newark Contort lll«, San Joaa, Maw
Almailen. Keltou, ltuultlor Creak.
Santa Crux aud l'rlucioal War
Statlona H»i"»«a
«il3r Newark. Sau Joao, I.on G»U>« t9i3i»A
fl».8or Hunters' Train -San Jos* aad Way
Sutlona t7.»W
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
rroa SIS r&lilCISCO— Foal «I auket StiMt (Slip 8>—
t'l:lS U.OO 11:00A.M. 1£3 9:30 S.l5r.«l.
FriaOUUKS— r«il «fBri><lw.T,~fii.0O ta.00 t3;0»
1Q;00a.ii. 13:83 2.03 1:03 r.M. .
COAST IjIN'E (Rroail (J«aa;e).
(Third and TovTUgeml Sto.)
' «:l«A8an Joee and Way SUUona. «i4l«
7'JOa H*i. .loaeiiml Way SUtloiia... f9:«»4
/7:«»A N«ir Al.ra0.ei. -. f 4ll»T
¦ivttAOoaat Llna Limited — San Jose,
Gllr.'r. Sallnaa. Bar. Lois ObiapoL
Santa Barbara, Lou Angeles and
principal intermediate statical.... IOi43r
•••Oa Nau Jora. Trsa I'iaos. HuiiU Crux.
Paoilie liro»». Balinaa San Lola
Oblapo and Principal lntarmadUU
' HtuU.ma 4ilO»
IO:nOA San Joae and Waj SUUona. »:'a«A
1 l:iio* Man Jnae ¦>¦••! Way KUtiima «: i«*
tSilS* «a» Mateo. lted wood, Menlo Park.
Palo Alto. Hanta Clara. Ban Joaa,
Tre» Pinoa, Hanta Ornx, Salinaa.
Monterey »»¦• l*»ci!lo ('roTa flSt4B4
Sinnr Han Joae and Way .Station*. l>a«v
UilSr San Joieamt Principal Way HUl~o>ia ¦•*•*
«i50 r Sunset limited— Monday*. Wednea-
daya, Fridajt, for Los Ancelea, El
Pddo, Now Orleans and New York.
Arrtrea Sundays. Toesdaya and
Thursdays ivilSa
MiwOrSan Joae, Los Gatos and Principal
War Stations IPsOOa
Sl««rBauJoia aud Principal Way Statlona •>3Oy
¦iXO|» Ban Jnseanil W»t Mtatloim 7i3««
7rw«p New Orloana Express — Han Late
Oblapo, Santa Barbara, Lou An-
teles. D'mtn«. El Paao, New Of ""^
leanaand E*«» HtM*
flltlilr Ban Joaaapd Way SUUona 7>»f
? for Morning. P for A fteruooa.
t Sunday ezeepteil t^uudayonly.
. aiMatardaT only. /Tuesdays and WxUtm^
\Chicago
IN LiESJS THAfl
3 DAYS
From
San Francisco at 1O a. m.
CHICAGO, UNION PACIFIC
& NORTHWESTERN LINE
Double Drawing-room Sleeplng-cara,
Buffet, Smoking and Library Cars,
with barber. Dining-cars— meals a la
carte. Dally Tourist Car Service at 6
p. m., and personally conducted excur-
sions every "Wednesday and Friday at
8 a. m. from San Francisco. The best
of everything.*
R. R. RITCHIE .
61 7 MARKET ST. Gen. Agent Pacific Coast
Palace Hatel San Franc isc 0
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEES *
SAN FRANCISCO AHD K0HT1- PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
TIburon Ferry. Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS — 7:30. 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12:33.
3:30. 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra
trip at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trips
at 1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— S :00. 0:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:30.
t:00, 6:20 p. ra.
{Tan Rafael to Snn Franclssa.
WEEK DAYS— «:10. 7:5O. 9:20. 11:10 a. m.:
12:45. 3:40. 5:15 p. m. Saturdays — Extra
trips at 1:55 and 6:35 p. in.
SUNDAYS— 8:10, 9:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:10. 3:40.
5:05. 6:25 p. m. ' _ '
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. |Apr. 28. 1001 [ San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I I Sun- I Week
Days. I days. | Destination [ days. | Days.
7:30am S:00am Novato !10 :40am | 8:40am
3:30pm 0:"!0.im Petaluma. 6:05pmil0:25am
5:10pm 5:00pm Santa Rosa. | 7 :35pn>t 6:20pm
Fulton,
7:30am Windsor. 10:2Sara
6:00pm Healcteburg, 10:40am
Lytton.
Geyservtlle.
3:30pm 8:00am Cloverdale, 7:35pm 6:20pm
7:30am 5:00pm Hopland 10:40am|10:25am
3:30pm 8:00am and Uhlan. 7:35pm| 6:20pm
7:30am 10:40am 10:25am
8:G0am Guerneville. 7:35pm
3:30pm 5:00pm ¦ 6:20pm
7 :30am S :00am Sonoma 9:15am 8:40am
and
5 : 10pm 5:00pm Glen Ellen. 6:08pm 6:20pm
7 :30am] 8:00am] |10:40am|10:25am
3 :30pm I 5: 00pm | Sebastopol. | 7 :35pm | 6:20pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altruria; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Geyserville for Skagga Springs; at Cloverdafo
for the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs, Highland Springs. Kelseyville. Carls-
bad Springs, Soda. Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs. Blu* Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs. Upper Lake, Pomo, Potter Valley.
John Day's. Riverside. Llerley*s Bucknell's.
Sanhedrln Heights, Hullville. Orr*s Hot Springs,
Mendocino City. Fort Brags. Westport. Uaal.
Willlts, Laytonvillo, Cummins. . Bell's Springs.
Harris. Olsen' a. Dyer: Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday r^oad- trip tickets at re-
duced rates. .
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office, €50 Market street. Cbronlcl*
building.
H. C. WHITING, R. X. RTAX,
Gen Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
WOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leave Via Sausalito Ferry" Arrive
San Fran. Foot of Market St. San Fran.
Wcdc S^rT n.tuVmmhsiaiaam- Sun- jWeek'
?-S0 A. R:0Oa. j^. u.« m 1*0 i-00 F. i)M a.
HI I l? :^ A -U-:.^^... BB^ rt « S 7OO P. 3:40 f.
OokctOOco^ «il 1LUUU7 SIXXZI mi atUOALBO TtMML. .
Weekly Cail,$1.00 par -Tw
AUCTION SALES
*\_^ If you want a good Horse, jhu.
•*^^ Wagon. Surrey, Buggy, Cart, AJ&
Harness or Saddle don't forget tne big sale at
1140 Folsom St.. TUESDAY. April 1. 11 a. m.
A large assortment to choose from. Sales every
Tuesday. . *.
RAILWAY TBAVEL.
Santa Fe
Trains-Daujr.
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
Local Lim'd Ovrl'd Local
¦-,-V\-?r; Daily Daily Daily Dally
Lv. San Fran. 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton.. 10:13 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:1S p
" Merced... 12:25 p l:17p 1:30a 9:11 p
•-• Fresno... 2:05p 2:35p 3:15al0:50p
" Hanford.. 3:12 p 3:27 p 8:05 a
" " Visalia ... 3:39 p 5:00a
" Bakersfld. 6:15 p 5:20 p 7:45 a .......
" Kan. City ... 2:40a 7:30a
" Chicago.. 2:15 p 9:00p
a for morning, p for afternoon.
9:00 a. m. train is the California Lim-
ited, carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and
Dinln&Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car
runs to' Bakersfield for accommodation of
local first-class passengers. No - second-
class tickets are honored on thla train. Cor-
responding train arrives at 7:05 a. m. daily.
4:20 p. m. is Stockton. Merced and Fresno
local. Corresponding train arrives at 12:30
p. m. daily. • «
8 p. m. is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
< Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 6:00 p. m.
daily.
7:20 a. m. is Bakersfield Local, stopping
at all points In San Joaquln Valley. Cor-
' responding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. daily.
Offices — 641 Market street ¦' and In Ferry
Depot. San Francisco; - 1112 Broadway,
Oakland. ¦
NOBTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito F«.-ry
' Commencing September 23, 1901.
FROM tiAN Fit AN CISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL. '
WEEK DAYS— 0:55. 8:30. •9:M. 11:00 a. m
•1:45. 3:15. 4:15. 5:15, •ti:15. 0:45 p. m. ¦ "
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Ratael on Mondays, Wednesdays and Saturdays
at U:at> and 11:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS — »8:0O, 9:00. »10:00. »ll:30 a. m
•1:15. 3:15. «4:45. 0:30, i):30 p. m.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
\VEEK DAYS— »5:25. 6:27. 7:45. 8:S5 1015
a. m.. *12:25. 2:15. 4:40. 5:30 p. no.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 0:55 p. m
-SUNDAYS— 6:15, *S:00. »10:0y. •11:45 "a. m.
•1:40, *3:15, 4:45. *6:30 p. m. "
Trains marked (?) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— 5:45. 6:45. 7:55. 8:55. 10:30
a. m. 12:03. 2:45. 3:!*O. 5:10 p. m. -
¦< EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, -Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10-.S5 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:03, 10:05 a. m.. 12:05 2:15
8:30. 5:00. 6:45 p. m.
:-¦¦.- THROUGH TRAINS.
\ 6:N5 a. m. week days — Cazadero and way
stations. .
- 1:45 p. m. Saturdays — Duncan Mills and way
stations. , , •
$:C0 a. m. Sundays — Duncan Mills and 'way
stations. - '¦ 1 ¦' ' •
Fairfax, Sundays— 8:00. 9:00. 10:00. .11:30
a. m.
Leenl Holiday boats and trains will run ¦ on
cuniJav time.
. uMimijiiTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALU, SUNDAY, MARCH 30; 1902.
36
. HELP WANTED— FEMALE— Con. |
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO.:... ". ... .335 Geary st.
... .. HOTEL DEPARTMENT .....
2 head waitresses, $35; 6 waitresses, first-
class springs; 12 waitresses,' first-class re-
sorts and commercial hotels. $25 and * r 'O;
3 chambermaids to wait, country, fares paid;
2 chambermaids, $18 and $20; Institution
cook, $25. '¦ ¦ m
FAMILY DEPARTMENT ........ 1
2 cooks. San Rafael. $30: cook. Belvedere. |
$30; houseglrl. Berkeley. $30, see all the
ladles here; 25 girls for cooking and genera)
housework, city, $20 to $30. -
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO. ....-¦ -335 Geary st.
WANTED— Assistant In bath house. $40: . 4
cooks, some wash, $30-$25; parlor maid. $_>,
5 second girls, $25; cook, Berkeley, $30 no
washing; a nurseglrls. $15-$20-$25; pantry
girl for institution, $20; waitress, same place,
$20; girl for candy store. $5 week; 10 wait-
resses, city and country hotels, $20-$25;,cook,
small boarding-house; man and wife, city
place. $40; also a large number of girls for
housework in both city, and country. Call
Monday. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 334 Sutter.
COMPETENT' girl for housekeeping and cook-
ing; couple; references. Apply 1922 Baker
at., Monday morning. [
YOUNG girls to put rivets In overalls. LEVI
STRAUSS & CO., 32Vi Fremont st. (MR.
DAVIS.) —
WHOLESALE house requires the services of a
competent woman; no bookkeeping or stenoj-
raphy. Box 4608, Call. ___
NEAT young girl to assist in housework and
care for children. Call 403 Fair Oaks St..
cor. Twenty-fifth. . ¦ m
FINISHERS on coats and pants, steady work
. guaranteed. BELASCO & HARRIS CO.. 641
Market st. ¦ .
BUTTONHOLE maker on vests, steady work
guaranteed. BELASCO & HARRIS CO.. Ml
Market st. .
GOOD finishers on ladles' cloaks and suits;
highest wages. H. RATNER. 144 Union
Square ave. • ______
EXPERIENCED operators on golf and negligee
fronts; highest prices paid. D. C. HEGER,
723 Market st. -
APPRENTICES to learn glove making; paid
while learning. CARSON GLOVE CO.. 33
Market st. .
WANTED — Girl to learn sewing and do a few
errands. Apply M. LEDER, ladles' tailor,
130 Ellis st. ¦
GIRLS; fttaady work; good pay! LEVI
HTHAU8S A CO., 32& Fremont st. (MIX.
DAVIS.) • -
WANTED— A girl for general housework In
Bolvcderc. Box 4578, Call office.
GIRL for general hou»«»work; no children; ref-
erences. 703 Uroderlck St., near McAllister.
WANTKI>— Glrlx, work on Incandescent lamp*;
no experience needed. Apply S<)9 Howard <t.
EXI'rcitlENCKD operators on ladles' silk
witlntn. C50 Mission St., third floor.
BXFERXBNC-SD operators on ladles' wash
overnklrtn. (150 Mliwlon St., third floor.
BXPBHIKNCKD operators on ladles' under-
wear, (550 Mleslon st., third floor.
100 OPERATORS to take work home on chil-
dren's wear. 050 Mission St., third floor.
WANTED— Hand sewers! Apply 'at 37 Ninth
Street.
PHRB8ER on overalls. LEVI BTRAU0S tc
CO.. 'A2% Fremont st. (MR. DAVIB.)
WANTED — Hand ««w«rs and machine sewers
at HL'HUY'8, 207 Bacramento st. .....¦¦.
FIRBT-CLABB sleeve, maker. BOLLEY, 1037
_ Post st.
FIIIST-CLABS*" botton-hote maker wanted;
wages %\2 to $14 week. 600 Kearny, r. 2.
WANTED— Immediately, flrnt-class millinery
mleiilndy. HA I ILEIN'H Millinery, 873 Market.
WANTED — Apprentices to learn millinery
_trade^ SAHLKIN'S Millinery, 873 Market.
KXPEItlENCED dressmaker! wanted. 028 But-
t*r st., room 8,
EXPERIBNCED operators can find steady
work at highest pav; also have a few ma- !
chines empty for girl* about 10 years of age •
to learn. Standard Shirt Factory, corner
Uough and Grove sts.
$2S TO $35 week guarantd.; theatrical; 5 ladies
A H gent*; no experience necessary. Cald-
well C'ollega Oratory A Acting. 1327 Market.
LADY of Indomitable energy, possessed of self-
assertion; gopd opportunity for right party.
F. PERSON, room 412. Parrott building.
WANTED— Nurseglrl. Apply 1007 Oak St., 0
to 1 ; will pay car fare.
WANTED — An errand girl; must know th«
city. 72 Geary st, - ¦ .
WANTED — Vest and pants makers for coun-
try. Address box 4573, Call offlce.
GIRL for general housework; two In family.
1300 Pierce st.; call in morning. -
GIRL, German speaking, for general house-
work. 10S.'i Market St.,- upstairs.
SEWERS on shirt waists; good pay; steady i
. work. BAUER BROS _ CO.. 21 Sansome st. j
THREE agents, $10 per week and commission.
826 Sixteenth st., Oakland. .
WANTED — Experienced saleslady. Apply be-
tween 8 and 11 a. n;. at HALE BROS.'
APPRENTICES to learn tailoring.- BELASCO
6 HARRIS CO.. 541 Market St.
OPERATORS on silk and wash waists. 507
Market st.
TOBACCO stripper wanted; also girls wishing i
to learn cigar making trade. 316 Grant ave. ,
WANTED — 3 girls to learn hairdresslng. mai-
sage. manicure, switch, wig making. In _ 1
wks. ; take charge of private customers; as-
sured $50 per mo.; course $5; day, eve. class;
. bring ad;worth $1. College.233 Geary, r. 13-15.
At PaclficHalrdressingColIege.Murphy bld..r.9t;
halrdresslng.massage.manlcurlng.wlgs.swltch,
etc.;course,$5;2 wks; position secured ;day;eve.
A HIGH-GRADE position for a cultured
woman. Box 4530, Call.
A NEAT, willing young girl to assist with
housework In family of 3. 217 Third ave.
TYPEWRITING taught. $5 full course; short-
hand speed class, $2 mo. 027 Market, r. 303.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
. subscriptions has been established at 1090
Valencia st.
HELP WAXTKD — MALE,
AT THE CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
.".l> Third st. (near Call big.), phone Bush 405.
Railroad Laborers.
FIIKB FARE FREE FARE
500 teamaters $2 to $2 SO per day
7fi rock laborers $2 2.1 per day
Oang of laborers $2 to $2 25 per day
Ship Dally.... ,. r ree f are
•SAWMILL CREW.
Head sawyer $t 00 to $5 oer day
Head trlm-er $2 50 per day
fcecond trimmer £2 25 ~, r day
• Second setter sa 25 per ilav
Oiler and cleaner..... $2 Ber day
Man on slanher, grinder, Jump nw, lost roll-
way, etc., »2 to #2 60 per day; shipload of
lumber oilers, yardmen, sawmill hands ami
woodsmen for a big company north, $2(1 to
$03 per month and board.
FARE PAID.
Elderly man to cook and do housework
country, near city. $25 per month and found :
25 rr «n for Hnwinlll. $20 p«r month ami
found, fare advanced; 0 men to plow vine-
yard ana orchard. $1 per day and board;. 2
farm hands, $1 per day and board; pantrv.
man. hotel, city. *:i0 per month. O.'flce open
till 12 m. Sunday. *
AT C. R. HANSEN A CO.'3...,104 Gearv it
to-day. Sunday!?.. ** "*
5| .'. TO-DAY. SUNDAY..
TO-DAY, SUNDAY...
Otnce open all da^,— £ Office openalVday
For new railroad work In Nevada" " " "
fi(>0 teamsters for Nevada t> . '!"
r.(>0 laborers for Nevada I" a dav
f>0 plowholders for Nevada $2 25 a dav
CO wheeler loaders for Nevada... $2 "5 a dav
K:0 rockmen for Nevada $2 day _ lnr-r*.T«l I
20 ttonemasens for Nevada f. St a d-fv
50 masons' helpers for Nevada...;.'*" a rtav
• 3 blacksmiths for Nevada Il a da/ '
Ship nicht and morning" I
Free fare Ship to-day Freeware I
100 tupnelmen; $2. $2 CO and $•{ a dav I
For Chatsworth Park .._l ff tunnel j
Ship to-day Free fare '
50 laborers for the coast road..$l 75 ner dav !
C. R. HANSEN. & CO 1M Geary »t !
Will remove to 429 Bush St.. March .11 on- 1
potlte California Hotel. C. R. HANSEN '&
Co., 104 Geary st.
SALESMAN to roll high-erade chinaware- f. De - I
, ctalty to retnll merchants; best proposition !
on market: 20 per cent commission; makea I
eloeant side line; hustlers can clean ud ST\
a week. The E. \V. WILLIAitS Co East
Liverpool. Ohio. . ..- ' a31
WANTED— Eastern Manufacturing concern
will engage experienced traveling salesman-
good galary and permanent position- refer'
er.cea -ecjulr'd. Call Monday between' 10 and
12 a. m., A. E. SUNDELU- Lick HousA
RELIABLE Cleveland house wants brlfcht —an
as traveling salesman; general mercantile
trade; energy, business cbility and salesman
. ship will make position permanent. 55 _5>r-
cnntllo Bank. Clevelcnd. Ohio.
WANTED— Experienced furnishing goods galeq
man. acquainted with the trade to travel in
Oregon and Washington; reference with an
plication. ' Box 4C07. Call office. " R
YCUNG cake baker wanted at 1205 Polk st.
SAW FRAJfCISCO CALL.
BUSIICESS OFFICE of . The Ban Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street,
eoni**- Clay; open until 0:30 p. m.
200 Hayes street ; open until 9:30 p. m.
€39 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
S15 Larkln street; oju-n until 9:30 p. m.
Jlill Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
£261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
vntll 9 p. tn.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. rn.
1099 Valencia street; open until 9 p. — 1 u
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky Etrects; open until 9 p. m.
2200 Flllmore street: open until 9 p. m.
CHLKCH SERVICES.
UNITARIAN Church (First), -SW. cor. Geary
_nd Franklin ets. — Rev. Bradford Leavltt,
minister- Rev. Dr. Stebblns. minister emer-
itus; Chas. A, Murdock, superintendent of
Sunday-Bchool. The Sunday-school is at 10
o'clock. The morning service Is at 11 o'clock.
The evening service at 7:30 o'clock. Rev.
Bradford Leavltt having recovered from his
recent Illness will conduct both cervices. In
the mornin_ he will preach an Easter ser-
mon. The following musical programme,
from the oratorio "The Daughter ot Jalrus''
(Stainer), will be rendered by the choir and
augmented chorus, 11. Bretherick. organist
and director: Organ prelude, "Overture
(Stainer); "Doxology": (a) choral recitative,
"In That Day Shall the Lord of Hosts"; (b)
tenor solo. "My Hope Is In the Everlasting";
responsive readlnc; "Gloria" (Mornington) ;
raster carol; <a) ladles' chorus. "Sweet Ten-
der Flower"; (b) recitative, "And When
Jesus Was Come In" (soprano voice); (c)
chorus, "Awake, Thou That Sleepest" ;
ouartet. "Lord's Prayer" (Mason); trio and
chorus, "To Him Who Left His Throne";
duct and chorus, "Love Divine"; hymn,
"Amsterdam" (Nares): organ postlude,
"Jubilant March" (Stainer). Reception of
new members. From 10:45 10 11 a. m. the
Sunday-school will sing E-ster . carols, ac-
companied by school orchestra. Bible class
under leadership of Professor Bacon at 10
a m. The evening service will be In honor
of California Commandery. Knights Templar,
and will be attended by them In a body.
The sermon and music will be appropriate to
tbe occasion. All are cordially Invited to
Lot h services.
UNITARIAN Church (Second), cor. Capp and
Twentieth ets.— Rev, E. F. Dlnsmore, min-
ister; William Wcrtuch Jr., musical director.
Kunday-»chool at U:45 o'clock. Morning
theme. "The New Easter Me»«aee. The
musical programme will l>» as follow*:
Quartet, "Awake Thou That Bleepent i'Jood.
rich) "BrrctiBfle," for flute and 'cello (Tlttl),
MfMrs. Bchafer and Wcrtuch; nopr-no solo,
"The tlwurm-tlon Morn" (Runner), Miss
Knwrt; *trlwt yunrtft, "Andante and VarU-
tions" (Hnydn), Mnst>rs. KaltbofT. Fuhrer,
Clement and W«t»ch; jubilate, "Coronation
M_rrh" (Krptclimer), orch*«tra. In the
•vmlng th* *oW«-ct ef the lecture will be
" Trilby' and 'The Heavenly Twins' or the
iM/utile Standard «f Moral*." The munlcal
numbers will Include a dutt for uiano and
organ, m**e» Clem#nt and Pratt; a 'cello
#olo, "AbenhtU" (Schumann), Mr. Wm»ih,
and a vocal duet, "Abide In Me," Minxes
Kiomrt and Clement.
CENTRAL Church. Mle*lon et. between BUth
and Meventti, Arthur II. Briggs and Herbeit
F. Prlgg*. pastor*— E»«ter frstlval. Herbeit
V. Hr'KK* will preach morning and evening.
It a. m., f-r: )'¦• and nermon. Musical pru*
gramme; Organ vuluntary, "Grand Choir"
(Qullmant); anthfm, "The Day of IU-»ur-
ractlon" <r*chnecker); festival, "T« Uium"
In IJ flat (Dudley Uuck); offertory, contralto
•olo, "Life's Jte»urm-Mon Hour" (Nel<J-
iiij.i-i), MiM Logan Tooley. 12:45 p. in.,
n-""l I~*ter Hunday cthool feitlv-l. II. J.
McCoy, *eir*t.iry of the Y. M, C. A., will
give tl.i' «'Mi.». •;.!.'• p. tn., Mueletlr* uf
Chm-tun En<le»vcr, 1:wi p. m., concert,
l'rutcrammr: Oriran voluntary (Wldor); ai>-
(hem, "AIL liilin, <T,tl«t la UlMrn" (De_(M>);
orchrrtrol »»lectlon, "Calvary" tiinc.tn-y>.
under Charles i;.it-»r Itob*<xi; trnor som,
"Thp lip*urrectloa" <Hi<n«>), Kobert J.
Fateri-cm; anthem, "The Strife Is O'tr"
(,*.' -I'liiiij-'-i-i; violin *¦,)'., "Cavatina" (llohm).
Charlc* j.'U-m ll«b*on_anihrm. "Ho*_nn»''
(CJranler); ntfcrt.-jry, "The Lord Is Jtisrn"
4Lansir.g), Mrs. Alice I". Crumtr; organ t"U
u-.ii.tj. "r.uti.-t March" (Utnmrni), 4
p. i;... t. -njiMti. The quartc-t, con «uiii.b of
Mr*. Alice IS. Cramer tfoprano, Mi»* Lugau
'i'oolty c(jntralto, llobert 3, fatemon l#dor
and Walu-r liurkhnlte-r \mttn>, will t»# aMUtnl
I > <¦!.:.» 1. r I v.tiir Itubsgn, x-jI-j Vlolinilt. Or-
< 1.1 r'.tn nnd churu* under direction of u._< ,»
w .-,!!¦ I. Lucy, org&niui and cholrroa*t«r. The
r.-.;!» are tree and the people are welcome.
t-JMI'BON Memorial Methodist Episcopal
Church, corner Hayes and Buchanan «ts. —
Tbe paetor, lt*v. John Stephens, will preach
at 11 a. m. on "The Easter Faith," and at
7:30 p. m. on "The Living Christ." gpeclul
K Easter muelc at both service* by large choir
under the direction of I. E. Blake. Soloist*,
Mrs. It. V. Dickey. Miss Carrie Eulaas,
Charles Taylor and Cecil Smith. Sunday-
school Easter service • at 12:45 p. m. All
invited.
FHiST Baptist Church. Eddy St., near Jones,
E. A. Wood*, D. D., pastor; residence 2<jrf
Gough et. — Easter services 11 a» m. Ad-
dress to children on "The Meaning of
Easter." Sermon. "The Resurrection a
Fundamental Fact of Christianity." 7:30
p. m., "The Ordinance of Baptism." Ser-
mon, "The Resurrection; a Trial by Jury."
Special music. Orgtinlst, H. K. Mitchell;
precentor. Mr. Bareford; soloists, Mrs. Vin-
cent Walsh, Miss , Florence W. Perkins, A.
A. Macurda. .
EMMANUEL Baptist Church, Bartlett st^
near Twenty-third — Special musical services
II a. m. Soloists: Sopranos — Miss M. 8I0-
combf, Miss F. H. Perkins; barytones — W.
E. Whlgham, Rev. J. George Gibson. Organ
music — festival fantasia (Tschirch), pas-
torale (Durand). marche (Gounod). Even-
inr. 7:45. Soloists — Soprano, MUs S. Towle;
contralto, Mrs. George Norton; basso, E J.
Loughery; barytones, Otis M. Carrlngton,
Rev. J. George Gibson; violin solo, "Ber-
ceuse" (Godard); organ music, mass In G
iMUlard); march. "Solennelle and Marche
Mouvement" <Battman); organist; Miss Lotta
Underbill; violinists. Paul F. Normand, Miss
G. Hemminea and B. Hemminea.
HAMILTON Square Baptist Church, south side
Post ft., near Steiner — Kev. H. S. Klllen will
preach at 11 a. m. and 7:30 p. rn. Mrs.
Richard.Bayne will sinsr at the morning ser-
vice. Sunday school at 12:30 p. ra. Come
and bring your friends.
RICHMOND Congregational Church, corner of
Seventh ave. and Clement *t., nev. Philip
Coombe, pastor; residence 3415 Jackson if
telephone Jackson 1011—11 a, ro ... a double
quartet will lead the congregation and Sun-
day schofcl in Easter praise. Easter anthem
double quartet; barytone «olo. "The Hills of
God." J. ¦•¦•lull O. Low. Address by the pastor
"Eauter Reanlmatlon." 7:45 p. m Easter
praise service, led by double quartet So-
prano solo, "Eaner Dawn" (Woodman) Ml»g
Mna Parker. Anthem by double quartet
Addrers by the pastor. "Resurrection Kroni
Death a Present Attainment." Beats free.
A cordial welcome' for every one.
PARK ConKrecntional Church 164» Hayed et
J l ?* r ,. <>n^r al » v « — The pastor. Prof. R. ri.
!?J o>r<l W w "J,. l "' Mlcn ' at n *• ">• Mubjcct
"Do We Woruhlp a Dead or a Living
ChriKtT" Hpeclal E«*ter murie morning and
rvrnlnpr by choir. Offertory by Mr*. jr~.io
Tv^ h M ?yr- a! K 2°Z Thut "y nrtrrmi."
Llvrth (linii.i. ii. 7:30 p. tn., special Kam»-r
'K?-" t *y, vic <-- Offrrtory by Dr. J. A. Brown
"Th«> Rcnurrectlnn" (Khelley). Hunday
C F El _t n fl-W° f ' Uo>d< * 1Jlble elall « at 12:30.
CA L V A R V Presbyterian Church, corner Call-
fornla «nd Ocuyte nu— Rev. j'ohn llemphl .
D.IJ., iwntor; llw, Georte Q. EldredeeT i«-
¦ocUu pa«or. Dr. Hemphill will mid
* t i 1 '• ?• _ ople ' R -»<«r Morning Study."
end at the Berond Ktreet Mlnalon^ at 7:30
Mr. Eldredire will preach at 7:30 ,, m
Moi-lna- Kolibsth-Hchool. 10 o'clock; afternoon
Mibtjath-schnol, 12:.'»O o'clock- V P H I c
E.. «::«*. Wednrnday evening prayer m'eet-
Ing. 8 o'clock. All ere cordially Invited?
FIRST Presbyterian Church, corner of Van
Ne«« live, end Sacramento st. — Services at 11
a. m. and I.'.M p. m. Rev. William Kirk
Guthrie will pn-ach both morning and even-
tnr. fiunday-fichool at 12:40 ji. m • Christian
Endeavor at «:15 p. m.: Wednesday evening
prayer mwtlns at 8 o'clock. Sunday morn-
U? K f evfinln|5 the c holr will furnlMh special
Ectter reuelc. All are cordially Invited?
EASTER Sunday nervircs nrst English Luth-
eran Church, Geary rt. between Gough
and Octavla. Rev. E. Icelander. Ph D
pastor— At 11 a. m., morning service
end communion; sermon. "Dominica Gaudii
the Jcyful Sunday." As on Palm Sunday
mornlns. the regular church choir and the
KirlK" vestfd choir will unite In leadimr thu
praiee In tLls service, which wlir Include the
following music: Processional. "Jesus Christ
In Risen To-Day" (Ions); "This Is the Day"
(A. W. Ketelbpy); psalm 47, chant No. 22 in
A (Crotch): offertory, "Awake Thou That
Bleepest" (F. C. Maker); hymns 2C1. 46 32"
329: in this sen-ice there will be reception of
nev/ members of the church and celebration
of holy communion. At 7:45 p. tn.— Even- I
Ing service; sen non, "Machpelah"- anthem
"Awake Thou That Sleepest" (F. C. Maker)-
anthem, "I Know ThafMy Redeemer Llveth"
(T. Mee-PaUIson); offertory. "O Day 'of
(J. C. Bartlett); hymns 206.'
SEVENTH Day Adventlrt Church. 914 Lacuna
St.. between McAllister st. and Golden Gate
Rve. — Preachinp this evening at 7:30 o'clo-k
by the pastor. Elder W. S. fiadler. Bubiert
•The Soul." A cordial invitation Is ex-
tended to all. Seats free.
EASTER servlern at Golden Gate Hall 7^30
p. m.-Ri>v. Benjamin Fay Mill? will speak'on
"Life After Death." Music by the Unity
Club male quartet; solos by Mr. Wllkle and
Miss Webber. All invt ted.
THE Theofconhlcal Society. Pacific Coart head-
quarters. Odd F«llows' building — Public lec-
tur* to-nlrht at 8 o'clock by Mi- W J
Walters. Bub1*-ct. "The Holy Grail." ' in-
quirers' class Sunday 11:30 a. m. Children's
group, the "Golden Chain." Sunday. 11:30
a. m. Public mtftlnps TueFday evening at
h; Wednesday nnd Thursday afternoons at
2:30. Lrndlng library open daily from 1 to
4 p. taf
CHUKCH SERVICES-Contlnucd.
AN attractive service for men only will be held
at the Young Men's Christian Association.
Mason and Ellis sts.. this (Sunday) afternoon
at 3 o'clock, when Mr. Frank W. Smith, the
young men's evangelist, will give his closing
address "to men only. Mr. Smith's subject
will be "Getting Your Money's Worth." All
young men Invited. _______________
MEETINGS — SUNDAY. '
AA — Dr. J. Depew Kergan lectures this even-
ing at Crystal Hall. Pythian Castle. 009 Mar-
ket st.: subject, "Personal Reminiscences,
followed by magnificent views of Pasadena
Flower Tournament; free tickets for X-ray
exhibition at Sanitarium Tues. eve.; seats
free: no collection: remember question box.
SPIRITUALISTS' anniversary celebration In
Odd Fellows' Hall, Seventh and Market ste.;
10 a. m., conference, free; 1 p. m., speeches,
music, tests, free; 7:30, address, Mrs. A. L.
GiileBple & Mrs. R. S. Lillie; messages. Ed-
ward lv. Eaxle & Mrs. J. J. Whitney; 10c.
C. V. MILLER'S grand Easter materializing
services; the only true church in the world
where you B»e the souls of the departed come
to mother earth to commune with their
friends; 11 a. m. and 8 p. m.; 50c. 1084
Bush st.
A — NOW — Monthly lecture in suggestion.
Henry Harrison Brown; subject. "Mastery of
Pain"; illustrated with good subjects; Odd
Fellows' bldg., 8 p. m. sharp; good music.
FiFTY-FOURTH anniversary tests, 909 Mar-
et.. rear hall— 11, free; 2-8, 10c; Swan.
Maxwell. Wrcnn. McKee. Chambers, Whit-
ney, others; singing, speaking.
GRAND Inspirational Bible anniversary serv-
ices; also truthful messages: front hall. 90S)
Market Bt.; Dr.' Wheeler, Mr. Wilson, Katie
Heussman; free.
SCOTTISH Hall, Thursday, April 3, 8 p. — ...
Charles J. Anderson, eloquent lecturer and
psychic; rpirltual demon, after lecture; 10c.
THE language of the hand from a scientific
standpoint; a free lecture by MRS. VAN
AUKEN, 8 o'clock this evening. 330 Ellis ct.
EASTER services and convincing *Dlrit mes-
sages to-night. Mme. Young, 005 McAllls-
ter; 10c. ____. .
SEANCES every Sun., Wed., Frl.. 10c; *ittln«fs
dally. Prof. Holtman, Wrenn, 1332 Market.
MRS. VIGAR'B spiritual test meeting to-nljrM,
10c. 148 Sixth St., room 32; sitting* dul...
W O. KEEOAN holds spiritual meeting every
night ex. Paturday; admUnInn IQe. UH Blxth,
MISIJTIXOS— UMlvrrwnl Hrotlirr>iood.
UNIVERSAL Urotherhnod and Theonophlcsl
HoeMy— Public meeting to-night, * o'clock,
at 810 O'Fsrrdl its subject, "California,
tha Center of th« World's New CivllUation,"
by J. II. Funiell, (tudent itnd reprcK'nU-
tlve from the TheoMphlrnl center, Point
Lorn a. Cal. gpeclal tnuntcal programme. All
invited.
MKETIXC8— -TIIBOiOrillCAL.^
THE Th«o»ophleal HoiMety— T'uMIr? lecture to-
night In Flood building at 8 o'clock. Bub-
Ject, "The Unity of Lif«," t>y PROFESSOR
M. II. LOOAN, U. P.. Ph. P.
TUKOSOPHICAL SOCIKTV.
HERMETIC Brotherhood—- Come and h««r
"Healing," by C. A, Hatley, Thursday ev*n-
Ing at H o'clock. 50i> Van Nets avo.
MKiaTIKQ KOT1CI3I.
FIDELITY I/odga No. 120, F. and A. •
M. : Funeral notlce--Of fleers and
niimU-ri. are rraiv»t«-.l to ¦Metnhle «t }&J\
M«»onle Tempi* THIH (SUNDAY) /^T>
AFTERNOON, ftt 1:3<» o'clock, for the pur»
vof of conducting the funeral services of
'«jr Into brother, FREDERICK ALltlvUT
MAPON of Hllver Gate Lodge, Ban 1/lcg-i.
I'.y order of the W. M.
FREDERICK HARRY, Secy.
ADOU DEN ADHEM Lodga No. jj_M38g_b.
112, 1. O. (J. I'.— M"inJ.er* are *J\^z£&Zt
l.crrt-y nntlfip.1 tn ati.-ti'l futiTPl
of fiur late brother, FMANCI8 'W/»« s "
M. PAGE, UUNDAY, 12:SO p. m., fr&m lodge
rftom. L. II. KAVVFVSa, N. U.
UNITY Lodge No. 181, I. O, O. V. J&&W*.
— Initiation TUESDAY, April I;?rfetf2£z
vUltorn welcome. "Vs-^Jrvisr
A. H, CRONIC, N. Q.
R. A. WELCH, Itec. fee,
ALTA Lodge. No. 208. I. O. O. F,— _rf_OC%Si,
Mcf-tlnK MONDAY EVENING, ty7~JX&-
March 31. Official vUlt of I>. D.
a. M. DuboJi. Lecture on "Odd
Fellowship," by J». G. Brobeck, and elec-
tion of representatives to the Grand Lodga.
ALF. J. ZOBEL, N. a.
W. E. BTEVENB, Rec. fefcy.
THE officers and member* of .-_
Hartnaple S. A. Chapter No. 9, A\
U. A. O. D., are hereby noti. /A\
fled to meet at Druids' Hall, /_a_\
41S Sutter St., SUNDAY, //s&\
March 80, 1902, at 1 o'clock /_____i\
p. m., for the purpose of at. £———£»
tending to the funeral of our late brother.
A. D. JAMES J. MOLLINSON.
JAMES F. MARTINONI. Chief Druid.
L. PALMER. Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Harbor No. 15, ft^_ -
American Association of i&^^B5»»*__
Masters and Pilots— Officers __' 5 Me%Ejg_»»
and members are hereby 11 *^^
requested to attend the |r^
wSS-'JttJ??* 1 * 1 !*" of the harbor on MONDAY
R. y. PiPpV J s4r DALU CapUJn -
CALEDONIAN Club's thirty-sixth . O"_^
prand annual gathering an<l games 3l _X_7f
at Hhell Mound Park, Berkeley. *J».I«_r
May 00, 1902. "*_3*T
J. h. m&cXkriSZ*** 80 *- Chlef - »
RIGGERS' and Stevedores' Union Association,
attention! You are hereby notified that there'
will be a special meeting TO-DAY (Sunday),
March 30, at 2 p. m.. at 003 Front st, to
J-XThSsks: 1 ' A tM att "*'
HUGH ,
REV. Dlt. CARRADINE, th. noted iiollnfesa
eyangeli*, will preach in this city from
March 23 to April I, twice each day; on Bun-
days at 3:30 p. m., and every evening at
7:30, at Metropolitan Hall. Fifth ft., near
Market; on week days at 10 a. m. at Penlel
Mltalon Hall. 48 Third st. All are invited.
ANNUAL MEETINO — The annual meetlnc cf
tbe itockholdera ot the Western Sucar R<-
flnlni: Company will be held at the offlce of
Iht company, 327 .Market st., Ran Franclgoo,
1002 at the hour of 12 m.. for the purpose
of electing a Board of Directors to serve for
the en«uln«: year, and the transaction of such
«ther miriness as may come before the m«et-
M_rch T 2 12t I / f i r D& O0k ;t^2 I1 m Cl0 "* ° a FRIUAr '
W. H. HANNAM. Secretary.
KNGRO83INO. : -»-«-—---—--.
"f/;"'" 1 ' 0 "*. tte.. In flrnt-cUM manner. J. W.
GRIFFITH. Heali'g nu*. Collegg. 24 p o " t ;
AfiKXTM WASTKn. ~
WANTED— Experienced ngent* to *-II lit Ran
FrancUro anj vicinity on. the ln.t_lh..«tit
plan balance of stock of a book publishing
company about to mire from bumnpiw; m*.
clnl Inducenvnti DlT«red to the rlirh^ nir-
tkular*. giving references.
AGENTB— Do you want somethln B more profit-
able and »a«ler to sell than books _>r lnsur-
anc«T F. PERSON, room 412. PaVott bldg.
BOLICITOn wsnted. man or woman, for tea
and coffee. Apply 2120'^ Ml»«ion Bt.
DF.BIT3 open for Industrial ln*uranca ajranU:
good fleld. Apply box 64. Stockton. Cal.
ASTROLOGY.
ASTROLOGY— Prospects for the presenTTeor
. with teet «ketch of life, by an expert predlc-
tlonlet; wnd 4ate of birth, Bex and 12c
PKOF. SERRANO, box S238. Boston" Masg.'
HOROSCOPES east; future predicted; readings
by mall If desired. Raymond, 227 Taylor st.
ATTORNEYS AT LAwi
U. W. KING, atty.. Examiner building room
613; a! cases; damages, estates, wills mort-
Kag'-y, partnerships, attachments, collections
etc.; legal papers drawn; consultation free;
no advance charges; open eve's; call or write.
ADVICE free; divorces a specialty; quick ;qulet-
no Charge without success; established 16 yrs
G.W. HOWE. 850 Market st., cor. Stockton!
ADVICE free; open every evening; low fees;
a)! caros. J. M. THURSTON. 819 Market st.
I~ 6. CLARK, K— ma Sprecksls bldgr.. 927 Mar-
ket st.; consultation free; no fees In advance.
1!IC'YCLI£S — For Sale or
ALLEN is selling Eureka bicycles fast; swell-
ed thing out; agency Columbia. Monarch.oth-
•rs; repairing, bells, pumps. 301 Larkln st.
FOR sale— $100; a fine tricycle (built for two)"
fuI table for Improving with a motor, for sale
by F. HOLTUM, 517 California st.
-ru,r ¦¦¦¦¦u.^! >l . I ! t -.V.?!.. DOGS ' ETC.
WARBLING canaries and all kinds of song.
Unking and fancy birds; gold flsh. pet stock I
caires. globes, aquariums; bird and animal j
food of all kinds. 154G Market Kt.,bet.Sth&!Hh. I
, nOARDIXG SCHOOL AVAXTED.
GERMAN lady wishes 1 or 2 children to board-
winny yard. 439 Minna at.
BOOKS — XKW AKD OLD. .
BOOKS of all kinds bought ;llbrarjes purehoTeX
H. C. Hoi— es. 1143 Market: tel. Howard 1010.
BUSINESS CHANCES— Con«ln-ed._
A— PARTNER 'wanted, with : $400, ~ In a' well-
established business that will. pay. him from
" $150 to $200 a month. - Rohlfs Co., 41 Third.
A — SALOON on Third St., close to Market: 2
years' lease; fine fixtures; $1000 stock; good
reason Belling; $2750. . Rohlfs Co., 41 , Third.
A — BAKERY and delicatessen In Western Ad-
. dition; 4 living rooms; rent $15; clearing $723
1 month; bargain; $450. Rohlfs Co., 41 -Third.
A — PARTNER in boxwood business; well es-
tablished ; 4 : wagons ; 5 horses ; 3 ; men em-
ployed; bargain; $325. Rohlfs Co., 41 Th.'rd.
A — CIGARStands! Cigar Stands! Cigar Stands!
. 30 busy money-making stands, $75 to $2000;
. I sell choice, well located stands only.
- Hedges, 401-402 Parrott bldg., 825 Market.
A — VERY profitable hotel and bar; long: estab-
lished; best town this State; 45 rooms; low
rent; Ii years' lease; this house makes big
money.- Ask HEDGES. 461-402 Parrott bldg.
A — SALOON; busiest corner wholesale district;
always busy; low rent; short hours; price
right to genuine buyer; fullest Investigation
asked; old-established place. See HEDGES,
. 461-462 Parrott bids. ' ,
WANTED — A partner with $600 to act as
cashier In a business; guarantees $150 per
. month; references exchanged. Particulars
R. G. W1LKIE. 26% Kearny st.
$350 — OYSTER and chop house; furnished room
..in rear; rent $8 per month; trial allowed par-
ities meaning business; splendid' chance for
- man and wife. Apply K. KENNY, 75 Third.
IF you ¦ have money to invest let . THE IN-
VESTORS' AGENCY, 137 Montgomery st.,
S. F., know It. Call or write for particulars.
RESTAURANT and oyster house, cor. Sutter &
Devisadero; rent $40; living rooms; selling on
account of eickness. . Box 4545, Call offlce.
SALOON and property for sale. Call, at
CAMPE CO.,- 221 Front Bt.
FOR rent — Central brick meat market. Apply
to G. M. DODGE, at San Rafael.
FOR Sale— Established millinery store; sick.
nesg. Box 4300. Call.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Flilmore.
• lodc;ing-iioijsk¥ fob" "kalk.
ANY of the following on monthly payment*.
2C rooms; clears $125, , «1200
JI."/ rooms; near Market; inap ,....,..,.21(0
125 rooms; clears «4R0; only............ 70CO
iJO roomBj cluurs $16o; payments....... MOO
no rooms; flrst-cla**; snap ,.,,,,...... 2300
0 rooms; minny corner; a beauty; only 875
.12 rooms; Powell; big transient trade.. 3.101)
20 rooms; clears $7Ci; only, ,....,,..... ;i."o
40 room*; clear* $lo«. ,.,,,,,,, boo
A. H. ItETHUiFF, phone John Ml,
000 Market *t., cor. Ellii. ' <¦
*.'/(K;— 8 ROOMS; clearf »l6ol t>lft 'transient
trade; furnished with flne cherry and oak
furniture; every room sunny; small payment
down, balance monthly. HE9TLOFF, 000
Market st.
WINSTON A WOLF, ~' '¦
1020 MARKET BT.— 1020 MARKET ST.
(Photograph Gallery Entrance.)
10 room*, rent $22, good furniture, only... I.'IW)
20 room*, rent $ftf), income $135 li."»o
24 room*, rent $55, central 1*150
UH room*, rent $H0, money-maker., 2250
HI room*, ront $100, Just listed 2100
45 room*, cheap rent, a sacrifice......". ... 2500
500 other lioime* on our list to select from;
telephone Jcsgla 2211,
LODGING. HOUHE 30 room*, clearing $200 mo,",
$i!N00; tnrm*, Morrison A Co., 2'1 Montifomery,
LODOINO-Houiii^ finely furnl*h<-dj owner
mum leave city; will *ell at sacrifice; give
*nny term* L Morrlnon & Co., 20 Montgomery.
Lor>0!NO-HOtJH*I5,"_S room*; rent $3?»; price
$130». MOUH1HON A CO., 20 Montxomery.
LODGINO-HOUHK, 10 room*; worth $1100;
prlcn yf.f/0. Morrlnon A Co., 20 Montgomery,
DONALD INVESTMENT COMPANY,
860 Aturket at— (Inc.).. Phone Davis 281.
Reliable dealers In room I me houses, hotels,
bu»in*«s chances and real estate.
We furnlfth vacant houses and •• ' '
Lonn Money at lowext rate*.
HoiiHMtiliiK new every day.
New houses to Ii-.hl>,
A. CAMERON & CO.,
660 Market st. and fl Stockton it.,
Room* 21. 22, 2,-1. Phone lluih 328.
If you have hotels, roomlng-houaeg or bu*lne«g
to *ell, ll«t with u*; buyer* cull; we can unit
you; havH bargain* In hotel*, lodging-house*,
ihitu; all sizes and price*; In all part* of city.
A— . Near The Call building.
Telephone Black l-S-0.3.
MARION GRIFFIN, 710 Market *t., rm*. 1-2.
MONEY TO LOAN.
Big free list of . Jodgin_-houneg a t my offlce.
All for sale oh easy terms. Please call.
McBRIDE & CO., 705 Market— Some bargains:
$050 — 15 rooms; Market Et. . ;
$375 — 19-room house, Jackson at.
$200 — 7 rooms; rent $15.
$3000— JH) rooms; and 00 more houses.
• Some good bargains. Only honest trade.
A— NOTICE — We have rooming-houses, all sizes
and prices, In all parts of the city; get our
. list first. MITCHELL & CO., 120tJ Market.
A — 16-ROOM lodging-house in Oakland; must
sell soon; no agent3. Box 4254, Call offlce,
Oakland. . . -
ELEVEN rooms, clearing $45^ peT month;
down town; $1150. Box 4013, 'Call offlce.
A LODGING-HOUSE of 7 rooms for sale. 2
- Golden place, oft Golden Gate ave., nr. Hyde.
NATOMA. 217, two blocks from Call — 10 rooms
neatly furnished; price $275; rent $32.
$250—32 ROOMS; part cash; or will trade for
¦ some. 765 Market st., room 2.
CAR GAKD _ CLE A7t I X Q.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpct-beat-
lng Works. 353-357 Tehama gt. ; tel. South 10.
Karlson Karpet Co.— Cleaning 3c yd. ;upholster-
lng.1213 Market.bet.8th&0th;tel.Howard 2912.
American Carpet-beating Works— Cleaning, 3c
renovated, relald. 104 14th at. ; tel. Capp 3524.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 304. GEO. WALCOM _ CO.. Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison St.; tel.Misslon 203.
CALIFORNIA Carpet-Beating Co., J. McQueen,
proprietor, 321) Guerrero st. ; tel. Mission 40.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carprt-cleaning Works.
333 Golden Qata ave. ; U-lephono East 120.
J. E. MITCHRLL Cnrpct-cleanlnK and Reno-
.vatlnK Co.. 240 14th tt.; tel. Mission 74.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Aireney-^No^chargX
unlcsa >uccpB«ful. Room 310. 1127 Market st.
COTTARKS TO LET. . ~~
TWENTY-FIFTH. SN33-- Cottage .of 3 rooms;
large yurd; rrnt >l).
COTTAKKH TO UCT l.V IIICLVKIIIOIIK.
2 FURNISHED euttiiie*, (I room* and bath;
rrnt »4Q. Apply M1HH CHEUltY. llelvedera.
HPIIiri UALISM.
A— C. V, Mil. 1, nil, world's fumouH materlall*.
Ing medium; *plrtti i(.enk Turn to far*; Reams
Tue*., Frl., Hun., 8 p. m.; BOo. 1084 lluih *t.
MllH. J. J. WHITNEY, trnn*. bus.' medium;
life reader; medical clairvoyant: sittings, $1;
¦ letter. $2. lim.Q'Furrall *t.; Elll* oar.
MllH. HUUHARD, 100 Oak— Circle Tue*. and
Frl.. 8 p.m.; Wed. ladles. 2:.'1O p. m., 10c;
reading dally, 50c,
MRS. WINCHESTER. I»)IO Clay— Circlo to-
night and Wed., 8; Tucb.. 2 p, m.; Bit. ilully.
ETHEL CRINDLE— Materializing Sunday eveT;
developing Monday ove.; 50c. 325 Ellis Bt.
PROF. OKE, 8V6 a. G. ave.— Readings. BOo-$l;
? 1 rendlnga 1 n circlo Tueg.Thurs.Frl.nlgh t, 25a. .
Mrs. Seal, spiritual and bus. medium; tobacco
habit cured or no pay., Avondale, 1424 Market.
EDWARD KARLE, 328 Ellis; readings dallj-;
phone Polk ¦! H01; peance Sunday and Thurn.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. :tt5~McAll!ster— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer; sittings dally; te*t to all to-night: 10c.
~. ;•. CLAIUVOYAXTS. .r. ;
A — ISMAR. THE GYPSY. -- 1 I
Ismar. the Egyptian Gypsy, draws aside the
uncertain years ahead; -happiness and success
go hand In hand, yet hundreds fall where suc-
cess Is possible, were It not for the lack of fore-
sight Into the future; If you are In trouble of
any kind, discontented, unhappy or not satis-
fled in life, consult Ismar, for she Is a prophet-
ess of world-wide fame, and her name has be-
come a proverb In . thousands of homes made
happy by her aid and advice; Ismar ¦ can be
consulted daily from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m. Sun-
days from 10 to 12 a. m., at. her offlce, 1148
Market Bt., opposite Sixth.
SPECIAL— Owing to a large number of In-
quiries from country persons, Ismar wishes to
announce that her readings by mall are equally
as satisfactory as in person; readings by mall
$2; send lock of hair, date and ; year of birth.'
MME. M. BERNARD '
• THE FAMOUS •': :
Clairvoyant and business medium,- permanently
located at 17 Third tt., next Examiner bldg.
hne reads your life correctly, gives an accurate
description of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur In the fu-
ture. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied In life, or have domestic,
love op business troubles, consult this great me-
dium and- you will- be- told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice In all affairs ot life; 25c.
up; satisfaction guaranteed. , 'Tel. , Black 4500.
MME. ARNDT, the great clairvoyant, telis
past,, future; never falls; has " the greatest
Egyptian secret; shows picture future hus-
band or wife; fee 25c and up; satisfaction to
everybody; open Sun., 10 to S p. m. 213',4 Cth. ,
BUSINESS CHANCES.;
JOSEPH STRAUB,
850 Market St., corner Stockton. . .
Telephone Grant 177.
Real Estate Agent..
' Property Bought and Sold.
Rents Collected. . . . : .
Loans Negotiated.
Legitimate Business
I ; Agent.
A — Oyster and chophouse; a' bargain; at $250.
A — Restaurant and . delicacy: store; doing fine
business; owner sick; good location..
A — Grocery; on a eood corner on Mission St.;
owner has other business; price $1800.
A — Bar and lunchroom; close to theaters; av-
erage receipts ?50; large basement suitable
for bowling alleys; rent $85; price $4000.
A — Partner for a good paying grocery.
A-i-Candy and ice cream parlor; good location
and good business; owner cannot give It his
attention.
A — Grocery, bar and cigar utand; corner on
Geary St.; long lease; rent $40; price $2500.
( . ¦ -. .
A — Partner for an old-established . and gocd-
paylng printing business; $2500.
A — Saloon, Including 2-story house and 'lot In
the Mission? a bargain at $4000.
A — Falcon on Market St.; price $2100.
A— Saloon: south of Market st., in the manu-
facturing district; 3 living rooms upstairs;
rent $15; stable in rear; price $275.
A — Roadhouse and hotel, opposite the ceme-
teries; steady boarders;' pigs and chickens;
fine opportunity; price $750, or exchange.
A— Hotel of 20 rooms, clears $200 monthly;
fine opportunity for right person; $2000.
Wanted — Party with $5000* to Invest In and
' enlarge a paying manufacturing business.
A — Several lodging-houses going very cheap.
A— Several restaurants at reasonable prices.
A— Branch bakery, notions and grocery in Oak-
land; 4 rooms completely furnished; chickens,
etc. ; rood location ; price .$500.
A— Orocery and bar; corner on Geary St.; fresh
and selected stock: 5 years' lease 4 living
rooms; rent $18; price $500. >¦
A— Knloon hoar 84 and Market street! ; good
paying plaec; price 9700.
A— Saloon at Golden Gate Park; price $7.'.o
A — Bakery; well established; 200 customer*;
% hnrio* and wnKonn; f> years' Iprtwft; lir>00.
WE have for sale rlflhti for the States of Cal-
ifornia, Oregon and Washington for the bent
lof-knl-wlri! fence device ever patented. The
owner of the patent I* a practical ranch man
who has 200 miles of barbwlre fence In the
Panhandle, and who la now going over the
rntlre fence syit«m of his ranch, putting in
the Htaya with tbl* loeked.fence device. The
device has taken like wltdflre In the Enttern
State*. The State of Iowa alone *old for
flu.pOO. We have carnplei of the device at
our offlce, where It can be seen. The prin-
cipal advantage of Oil* fence device Is that
it makes a f«nce that Is alinont Indestruct-
ible; no power can move the *tay* when put
on with our patent fa«t«ner and patent
wrench. If this derlco were adopted In Call*
fornla It certainly would revolutionize fenc-
ing. The fence la cattla.proof, and by put.
ting In enough stay* you can fence against
the imallett animal*. The dtvlee can be uted
on ornamental fenc«« or for offlce wire work.
The wrench and clip* and possibly some
models of tha fence, can be even at the City
Wire Works, on Main «t,, between Seventh
and Eighth. Mr. Dlescar, the proprietor,
will be clad to explain It* ui«, MINING IN-
VESTMENT AND HIlOKERAGE CO., S45
_»yrno building, Los Angeles.
A — jfwui; an old-eitablUhed wholesale nivl re-
tail manufacturing butlnets; pravlou* expe-
rience not noc*«*ary. For parllmilars Apply
to V. H. UK LUCA U CO., 31» Kearny at.
A— $400; FINE cigar store on Kearny street;
clears $12.* month; full month'* rent Just'
paid up to May 1; great bargain; sicknesa.
V. B. f>ft LUCA, am K corny »t., room 1.
NOTH-B to teller*— W« have eniiih tujyern for all
kinds <>f bUNlntiM that will mini Inv^tlgn-
tlen. I*. H. rte Uica It Co., 'MS Kenrny, r. 1.
NOTICE to buyer*— It will pay you to c_il on
us hefore buying elsewhere, p, f». DE LUCA
* CO., SI* Kearny »t., room 1.
•800; WELL-PAYING cigar factory and store
In heart of city; plenty of stock and good
outside ca»h trade; a money-maker for In-
dustrious party; good reason for selling; full
Investigation allowed; part cash; cheap rent.
, Inquire P. g. DE LUCA A CO., 318 Kearny.
A— $S0O; FAMILY liquor store; clears $150
month; full value; rent $23. STRAND, 200
Kearny st.
A— $300; DELICACY and branch bakery; good
trade; 8 rooms; a bargain. STRAND, 200
I Kearny st.
! RESPONSIBLE party to manage offlce and
learn general management of old established
wholesale and retail business; party can In-
vest if. they choose later and become active
number; in answering state how much you
are worth and past experience. . Box 4574,
Call offlce.
RESTAURANT for sale at a barcaln on a'
busy thoroughfare; receipts from $30 to $40
per day and increasing; fullest investigation;
cheap rent. D. McRAE. 837 Mission st..
$3500 — First-class candy business; profits $250
monthly; tale or exchange. ALDEN CO.,
1118 Broadway, Oakland.
$175O-^-LODGING house, 32 rooms; must sell;
sickness. ALDEN CO., 1118 Broadway,
Oakland. : ;
THE INDUSTRIAL DEVELOPMENT CO.,
Rooms 75-76, Flood building.
Why Invest your money In stocks and com-
panies cf which you know nothing of manage-
ment -or members when you can personally In-
vestigate The Industrial Development Co. by
Investment or securing members for co-opera-
tive development of home industries? Open
meeting Tuesday evening at 8 p. m., rooms
76-7*5, Flood building; you are invited.
$SOO— PARTNER wanted in light manuf_c-
turln_ business; duties easily acquired; no
night work; sure profit of $100 a month to
each. DONNELLY CO., 632 Market st.
SHOULD you wish to sell your business or de-
Bire to Invest see SPAULD1NG, 016 Market
Bt., room 07. for quick and profitable results.
A— $125 BUYS $250 cigar stand; best location;
tine bUfclnegs. Call at 245 Third st.
GENTLEMAN or lady who can' reach people
with money to Invest In a company owning
a mountain of low-grado gold'bearlng ore
nuperlor to Tread well mine or Alaska; dfvl-
dends will run lifetime beginning 1} month*
afteT mill starts. If you wish to represent
or invent In a paying proposition address
room 412. Parrott bldn.. Ban Francisco. Cal.
THE be»t paying business In Alameda County;
full and thorough investigation glren; live,
active man with $0000 can make $500 per
; month; ample security for foooo; InveBtlgato
If you want a lino buslnctm and have the
money; departure of owner the reason for
Belling. W. K. CONGEH & CO., 1801 Park
at., Alameda; phono Oraml 170.
BARGAIN — "$25ol branch bakery, notion*,
candy, etc.. North Dcacli; prevent owner 0
years, eitab. 1- year*; other builne«s cause
of selling; receipts $10 dally; positively no
CK»nt». Uox 4621. Call.
FOR aal*— Grocery and fruit itorn in thrifty
town 10,000 inhabitants with monthly pay
roll of $120,000; mode, fixtures, wagons, etc.,
will invoice $1700; good reasons for selling.
Addrew Orocery, box 105. Vallejo, Cal.
A— $S0O.-PAHTNKR wanted in establlthed
bunlnewi; *18 to $2» week, with chance to
tncreneej no experience required. 25 Geary
et., room 4. •. ,.:,¦;
A PARTT who owns a largu body of natural
oment wUhes to fell same or to Interest cap-
ital to manufacture name, for the market
Address box 4000. Call.
FOR sale — Fancy confectionery and ice cream
ptore with eh. p; downtown location; good
trade; eplendid opportunity for right party-
no agents. Box 4614, Call.
SELECT family hotel, 85 rooms, clearing $500
to $800 month; convenient to all car lines;
sickness cause of selling. Bos 4581. Call.
A — $300; PARTNER wanted ; good chance for
steady man eallefted with $18 to $20 a week
40 Ellis st.. room 13.
A GOOD chance to buy a well-established
grocery; good location; Western Addition
Address box 4002, Call. ,
$450— FOR gale, a saloon and lunch house with
living . rooms, near factories, ¦ on account of
sickness; rent $18. Address K. L., box 4639
Call offlce.
GROCERY In Oakland doing business $2000 par
. month; cash trade; low rent;' selling on ac-
count of other business. Address box 4255
Call offlce, Oakland.
WANTED — One or two restaurant men with
small capital to take charge of a restaurant
and bar connected with oyster and tamale
trade. Apply SB. corner 24th and Fo lsom .
TIMBER wanted — A tract of saw timber want-
ed, situated bo as to have a home market;
will pay stumpage or saw by contract. Ad-
dress box 44S4. . Call ' offlce.
FRUIT and fancy groceries;; big business-
worth $400; now S230; trial given. 146 Oth.
5125— SECOND-HAND furniture store; ftns lo-
cation; cheap rent; value In sight. 153 Oth.
BAKER'S email . outfit. ' complete, with- sand
oven, etc.. at- a sacrifice. Pox 4577, Call.
OLD established corner crocery store f of sale
cheap. Apply 1705 Ellis st.. cor. Pierce. ¦ -
A—^SALOON muet'.be «old this week. Callat
Albany Brewery, between , 10 and 12 a. m.
FIRST-CLASS city route on evening paper for
sale; party going East. Bex 4li'J'_', Call
A— r.Oc, 50c, 50e, 50c. 50c and $1, $1. $1. '$1. $1.
PROFESSOR WELLER'S. COLLEGE.
; - World* r reliable palmist, clairvoyant, psy-
chic;, $2, $3, $5 and $10 readings reduced tc
50c and $1.. : Tells you- all,' from the cradle
• to the erave; danger, losses,' sickness can be
averted/, disaster turned to success, despair
to happiness; the troubled, dissatisfied, - un-
fortunate should seek his aid and start
aright. There Is no home so dreary, no life so
blighted, no heart so sad that he cannot re-
store happiness. Advice on business, specu-
lation, all love and domestic troubles, settles
lovers' quarrels, reunites the separated, telis
whom you will marry, how to WIN the man \
or woman you love, how to overcome all
enemies; gives full secret. how to control or
Influence any one you love or meet An ex-
amination made by Prof. Weller will point
out the business, trade or profession to which
nature has adapted you; which, if followed,
will win success. Hours, 0 a. m. to 9 p. m. ,
Readings by mall. $1: Send date of birth
and lock of hair; 12 questions./ 1007% Market
St., near Sixth, San Francisco, Cal.
SATISFACTION guaranteed; MISS M. WILLK.
320A Ellis St., , the celebrated clairvoyant and
business medium, reads your life correctly,
gives valuable advice concerning all matters i
of business, mining, divorces, law, marriage
I and all domestic relations; reuniting the sep-
arated and securing: marriage with : one of
choice; learn what to do and how best to Co '
if ere failure and misfortune overtake you. [
MISS WILLE reads your life like an open
scroll. Readings, 50c-?l. Hours, 10 a. m.
to 8 p. m. ,
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium. Is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket St., cor. Golden Gate avc, rooms 25 and
26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall; send stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Dally and Sunday.
ISMAR, the Egyptian Gypsy, - clairvoyant an4
palmist, permanently located 114S Market, op-
posite Sixth; private readings dally, 10 a. m.
to 6 p. m. Sundays from 10 to 12 a. m.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil — second sight;
diagnoses diseases with life reading; ladles 50c,
gents |; palm, and clalr. sit. $1 50. 120 Turk.
A— MISS M. WILLE, S20A Ellis; clairvoyant,
crystal seer; reads your life correctly without
ques.; full names; 50c-$l; 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
MM 13. RAVENNA reads Ufa fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
A— Mrs, Melvlll, wonderful clairvoyant, water
reader, lum returned. 11 Gth; German spoken.
MRS. MALLORY, 017 Howard, claimant and
spirit card reader; consult me; L. 2>*c;.O. 60c.
MMK, WALTERS, great card render j fa. 25c;
Kcnt» f)Oc. 051 Mission, near Oth; open Hun.
CAItD reading nnd astrology, 14S flth St., room
22, second floor; horoscopes cast by until.
MMK. GDELL, clairvoyant; cords «- t*a leave*
read accurately; L. 2fie. O. 6flc. f»21H Kddy.
MRS. imOWS. clairvoyant, card reader; Indies
25c, gents BOe; readings dally. l.'(2 Hlxth st.
MHH, LA VON. wonderful fortune teller; truth
or no pay; 25e and Me. 701 Howard, cor. 3d.
CLAIRVOYANT, enrd render from Louisiana;
only 10c; from 1 to «. 2*12 Minna it, nr. 4th.
MIKHMU AKKIliTANl) SKAMgTUK&SICS
MeDOWKLL Dressmaking A Millinery. Behuol;
oldest and most rellabla school on the coast;
pupils prepared for business; now Is the time
to enter; dressmakers furnished to shops and
families; makers and trimmers supplied; tha
demand Is greater than w« can flll;, positions
free; corset making taught; corsets to order.
Depot for latest patterns. 1010 Market st.
MeDOWKLL Dressmaking A- Millinery Hchoul;
corset making taught; patterns cut. 101P Mkt.
DOG .HOSPITALS.
DR. CREELY'B C P. dog soap by 'druggist*
or at th« Hospital, R10 Golden Gate av«.
FLAT* TO I,ET.
VUHNlHUKt) or unfurnished; beautiful n«w 0-
room flat; all rooms with bay windows open-
ing on park; sun all day; 10 minutes to City
Hall on flalght-st. cars. 47 Portoia St., cor-
ner Dubor* Park, first corner , wnt from
8t*in*r and Waller sts.
ELKGANT new flats; low rant; 735-707 Hlxth
ave. ; McAllister, Geary, flacramento and gut-
ter st. cari to door. SPECK ft CO., <JU7
Market st. '
ELEGANT naw flats. Just completed; Scott st.,
near Washington, opposite Alta Plaza; up-to-
date. HiniNHAM It MARSH, 20 Montgom-
ery st. _ ¦
NEAR the park; C-room sunny flat; all modern
. improvements; newly and neatly furnished;
rent very reasonable. 1200 Waller St., be-
tween Masonic and Central aves.
CALIFORNIA, 2310^, near Webster— 7 rooms
and bath; rent reasonable. , G. H. UMDSEN
& CO. . '
ELEGANT up-to-date flat of 8 rooms, 72 and
77 Washington St., bet. Polk and Van Ness;
. open to-day.
LOWER flat of 6 rooms and bath. 1325 Cali-
. fornla st., near Hyde; rent $20.
MODERN 7-room flat; water view; large yard;
$35. Apply 1316 Green St., near Polk.
NICE cozy flat of 4 rooms; stationary wash-
tubs and bath; $18. 11.81 A Howard st.
RENT $25: a modern flat of 6 sunny rooms;
- adults. 2710 Pine St., near Devlsadero.
SUNNY flat of C rooms and bath: large stable;
rent ?25. 2840 Howard, bet. 25th and 26th.
SUNNY flat, 3 large rooms, bath, garden and
yard. 1634B Howard st.
SUNNY upper flat C. rooms, newly papered, $10;
653 Jessie St., above Seventh.
FLATS TO LKT — KUi&.MSHHD.
COMPLETELY furnished flat of 7 rooms;
piano. 1530 Grove st. ; call bet. 4 and S p. m.
UPPER flat, 4 rms. bath, gas range, $25; lower
flat, 2 rms., $12 50; 1 to 4. 1517 Golden Gate.
FURNISHED flats; 3 rooms; $12 CO and $15.
035 McAllister st. - ,
FLATS FOR SALE I'UKMSHUU, .
$400 — NEATLY furnlFhed, very sunny; rent
cheap. Apply G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14
Montgomery Ht. ¦
PA7?mc^Jn^>r^vrTt^^
have 42 offices In operation; new method of
placing stocks and bonds; companies incor-
porated; stocks and bond^ underwritten. Call
or address main office. 507-8-0 Parrott bldg.
COMPANIES Incorporated and financed; stocks
and bonds sold; good projects wanted; Inves-
tigate our underwriting guarantee plan; write
us. Pac. States Mining A Invest. Co.. 32fl Pout
FiiiiMTum; von salic.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak, $ is 50. wllh No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-11.11 Market.
FUIIMTUIIU WANTED,
I H(l price paid for furnlturo for 00 days; special
reasons. WAUOH. r. 415. Examiner bldg.
A. WOLLPERT. 7711 Mission St., pays highest
¦ prlca for sreon'l-hnnrt furniture; trl. ltfd 13B4.
G^OVKM. w^ r . "^
D, & V. ULACK suede glove; best In the world;
warranted; kept In repair. 121 Grant ave.
AT C. R. HAN8EN & CO.'B.. Phono Grant 183
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Hotel housekeeper, springs $33
Head waitress $33-i4u
Crew of waitresses, springs. . , , $20
DO waitresses, city and country. $20-$.>0
Chambermaids, city and country $20
1 Laundress and chambermaid, country hotel
$25-$2O
Laundress, country hotel, fare paid $25
Waitress, same place, fare paid $20
3 waitresses, Arizona, free fare $25
Dinner waitresses, lunch waitresses
Cooks, city and country '..."... $25-$.J0
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Cook and downstairs girl, city, $30; cook and
downstairs glrK Berkeley, American family,
choice place, see party here, $:t0; cooks,
housegirls, second .girls,-, city and country,
best of wages. - : ¦
C. R. HANSEN '& CO. 104 Geary fit.
(Will remove to 420 Bush St., opposite Cali-
fornia, Hotel. March 31.)-
WANTED— Respectable Protestant girl or wo-
man of middle age, competent to do house-
work and cooking in family of two aged peo-
ple, short distance in country; a good- and
: permanent home; wages $10 to $12 month.
P. O. box 02, Centervllle,' Alameda Co., Cal.
LADIES — Something new, making sofa pillows
. home; £7-12 week; materials rum. ; no can-
vassing; steady work; send stamped addressed
envelope. Household Mfg.Co., Erie st, Chicago.
EXPERIENCED operators on muslin under-
wear and corset covers; learners paid whtlo
learning; also ironers. REYNOLDS, 507 Mis-
sion Bt., corner Second. . • _ ...
GIRLS wanted to learn how ¦ to • make overall*
at LEVI STRAUSS & CO.'S, 32>4 EVemont
Et: (MR.. DAVIS.)
WANTED— Mary, who lived at Belvedere with
Lucy and Avis. Call room. 147, Hotel Pleas-
antcn. ; ¦ . ,: . •...--, •:¦•,.;
FIRST-CLASS fitter and. alteration, handT^on
- ekirts ¦ and cloaks ; • Ftcady * place. , Columbia
Cloak and Suit House, 1022 Market st. .
LADIES— Copy letters home; $4 ' to $6 weekly
send stamped envelope." Monarch Supply Co..
Dept. 114. Chicago, ,111. , v , . ' -
GIRLS to run sewing machines ; "paid - whil-»
learning. C3C Mission st.,. third floor. ¦
OPERATORS to take work . home on ladies'
,'EkirtE. t50 Mission St., third floor. ;
I HELP AVA5~~SP-- MALE— -Con.
A— MURRAY & READY Phone Main 5343
..Leading Employment and Labor Agents..
SPECIAL TO-DAY— SUNDAY
, . : Offlce Open 9 a. m. to 12 noon to-day . .
NEVADA FREE
NEVADA FREE
SHIP MORNING AND NIGHT
....1000 railroad men. State of Nevada....
600 teamsters .....250 laborers
50 drillers ; : 60 rockmen
Extra gang .wages $2 50 to $3 50 day
FREE FARE SHIP TWICE DAILY
CARPENTERS — STONEMASONS ....
3 carpenters, 8 hours' work $1 fare
...... I $3 5O a day
2 carpenters, all summer's Job $3 day
2 stonemasons, large company... . ..$4 day
' 3 blacksmiths shop and ranch
$60, $52 and $40 and found
Woodworkers, carriage shop; 2 carriage
painters
MISCELLANEOUS
4 laborers, large mining company $60
3 laborers, no experience ! required, small
mine. $30 and found; 4 miners, $75; 2 miners,
shaft workr man and wife, near city, $52 and
found, see boss here; middle-aged man. Cath-
olic Institution, $20 and found; 27 farm, or-
chard and vineyard hands, $2ti to $30; 9 chore-
men, private places and ranches; stableman,
south. $35; 3 stablemen; 15 milkers, $30 and
$35; 2 choreboys; 6 scraper holders, near city.
$2 25 day; --horse scraper teamsters, $27 50
and found
..FOR A LARGE ORCHARD COMPANY..
10 more handy men to work In fruits and
vegetables, picking and packing rhubarb, as-
paragus, etc.; later other fruits, etc.; no ex-
perience necessary $27 60 and found
WOODCHOPPERS
TIEMAKERS
For a large company, 150 wodochoppen and
tlemakers, big wages and cheap fares; 60
woodchoppers, tools and provisions furnished
........ HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Steward, country hotel; second cook. $40 and
found; 3 ranch cooks; 0 cooks, country ho-
tels $35 to $50 and found; laundry man.
waiter and cook, short orders, $10 week; 7
waiters, country; dishwashers and kitchen
help • •
If you want work call down and read our
bulletin boards
MURR— ~ & READY C34-«>a Clay at. •
WANTED— An expert sewing machlna ad-
juster, with factory experHnc* on button-
hole and special machines. Apply for tare*
days. Standard Sewing Machlna Co.. 0-8
California st.
WANTED A live, enerf-tlo mining forwoaa
for small gold property In Southern Nevada;
must have experlsnc* and good references.
Address P. O. box 2C37. Ban yraadsoo.
WANTED — Quart* mill and cyanide man for
small plant in Southern Nevada: must have
experience and good references. Addresa
P. O. box 2087, Ban Francisco.
WANTED— Young man, quick and accurate
with figures; ox* having had offlce expe-
rience preferred. Apply with referenda t*
N. F. ft., box 4702. Call of floe.
BE you own boss: start weekly newspaper;
experience unnecessary printed eompleta, $2;
samples, 10c. American PublUMn* Co..
Portland. Oregon.
WANTED— Youth for bundle -Tapper; must
have some experlenco. Apply Monday mem-
Ing before 11, superintendent's offlce. Em-
porium.
A YOUNG man as bill clerk; wholesale bonse;
state references and salary; steady position.
Box 4541. Call offlce.
WANTED — A steady man with $160 aa part-
ner In business that will pay more than Kood
wages. SO Geary st., room 1.
STORE boy for tool and machinery business;
must be bright and active; not over 10 /ears.
Apply Monday from 0 to 11 a. m.. M 1st st.
WANTED— Sober, reliable young man with
some cash; $17 week; steady place; no exp«.
rlence necessary. BROWN, 1221 Market st.
SOLICITOR or salesman wanted for wholesa'.*
and retail liquor house: state age and grv*
references with application. Sox 4817, Call.
WANTED— Cash boy! Apply between S and
11 „ m., Hale Bros.'
PLATEN feeders wanted. JOHN PAJIT-
itlDOE. 80'J California at.
EXPERIENCED solicitors for placing ne—
line of Porto Rico cigars. Box 4340, Call.
100 MEN for steamers going north; must te
over 21. At HERMAN'S. 20 Bteuart st.
ERRAND boy wanted. 2011 Flllmore street.
FIRST-CLASS pressman on vests at 230 Vi
Ninth st.
WANTED— A strong errand: boy at M.
KRAKER'S. 224 Buah at.
FIRST-CLASS manufacturing Jeweler and dia-
mond setter. Box 4505, Call offlce.
BOY wanted. Apply drugstore, McAllister an I
Flllmore its
SAILORS — Green hands for all parts of the
world. Apply at agents, 213 Broadway.
A NEAT boy for errands at GRUENHAGEN
BROS.. 20 Kearny st.
FIRST-CLASS coat maker to work tnsldit by
week. Rosenbium & Abraham. 1103 Maiket.
FIRST-CLASS pants maker. ROSENBLUM~&
ABRAHAM. 1103 Market st.
GOOD dUh washer at 1201 Flllmore St.. corner
Turk.
WANTED — Tailor to trim coats for machine at
BELASCO & HARRIS. 541 Market st.
JAPANESE boy wanted: speak English and
cook; good wages. Candy store. 803 Valencia.
BARBER shop— 3 chairs; Western Addition;
well fitted and doing good business. STOLTZ.
723 Market st.
WANTED — Faithful manager to take chargo
of distributing depot and office to be opened
In San Francisco, to further business Inter-
ests of old established manufacturing con-
cern; salary $150 per month and extra profits;
applicant must furnish good references, and
have $1500 cash. Address Superintendent.
P. O- box 1421. Philadelphia. Pa.
BOSS BARBERS. ATTENTION t
The Central Linen i Supply Company will b«
In operation by April 1; towels and hair-
. cloths, supplied or laundered. For terms and
particulars phona Mission 106; laundry and
offlce Eighteenth and Shotwell sts.
WANTED — Elderly German who can take car»
of horses and make himself useful. Apply
S47 Florida st.
WANTED — Cloak and suit salesman: must be
- thoroughly experienced In this line. Address
box 4571, Call.
A GENTLEMAN of lndomltabla «_ergT and
push; good opportunity for right man. _*.
PERSON, room 412. Parrott building.
CARRIAGE woodwork, body or gear maker.
O'BRIEN & SONS. Golden Gate and Polk.
WANTED — Young man who Is an experienced
dry goods wrapper. Apply at HALE BROS.'
SAILORS and -reen hands for a trip north.
At CANE'S, 78 Jackson at. **»nn.
SHIPPED free «very day— Four-horn scraper
men and rock men wanted for railroad con-
tract. Wadsworth, Nev.; wagea, $3 per day;
board, $5 25 per week: $2 deposit required;
company wilt refund same after 20 days. E-
B.^4 A^L. STONE CO., 000 Broadway. Oak-
WANTED-Recrults for the martne corps. V.
B. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and M; not
ms than ft feet 4 Inches and not over « feet t
Inch; able to speak and read English. For
£ u ._ hep .' nforrnatlon *P Dly »* Recruiting
Offlce. 40 Ell la St.. San Francisco.
MEN to learn barber trade; barbers In de-
mand; only requires 8 weeks: tools donated:
5 a^*, l S tu £.. fre *' MOLER'S BARBER COL-
LEOE, 635 Clay at.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, stilt
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.: 180 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED— Men to learn barber trade: eight
weeks; tools donated; situation guaranteed;
catalogue mailed free; discount this month.
Qordon's Barber College, Los Angeles, Cal.
YOUNO men wanted to go whaling; no expe-
rience required. L. 'LEVY, Battery and
Jackson st_.
ASS ISTANT trimmer on coats. BELASCO &
HARRIS CO.. 541 Market St.
CAKE baker, plain work; $12 week; In the
city. Box 4528. Call. -
PENSION atty., E. A. Bullls, room 40, Phelan
big. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G. A. R.
WANTED— A boy about 16 for wholesale house!
Aadress box 4525, Call office.'
COATMAKER and pants and vest maker fo?
the country. A,pply REIS3 BROS/. 24 Sutter.
WANTED— 5O men to take lodging . tn Cauv-
_J=^tdge^Houae. 543 Howard; changed hands.
EXTRA pay row due U. 3. Volunteers. Caii
or write Sherwood, pension atty., 624 Market.
5C0 MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army shoes.
5Cc up; soling 20c up. 023 Howard st., nr. 5th.
YOUNG men to learn- barber trade; catalogue
mailed. S. F. Barber College. 741A Howard.
SAILORS, ordinary, for ships for alt parts of
the world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25o
to 60c. 563 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket — 20O rooms. 25c night; reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received mt Call branch offlce. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
t inscriptions has been established at 109t)
Valencia st.
For Employment "Wanted, Etc, B*«
Page Thirty-Eight.
-. -_-jb_ r-ftiT -ifi_n V _____ w-________iTHE SAJtf FRANCISCO CALL,- SLTNDAY, MARCH 30, 1902;
37
BURNHAM & MARSH CO..
- 20 Montgomery st,
DOWN TOWN BUSINESS PROPERTY.V
(30,000— Rent $355 a month; large loti.brlqk
Improvements; great future.
(70,000 — Retail business corner; flne brick
building; half cash; pays 7 per cent net; close
to Market and Kearny sts.
CHOICE CORNER— RENT $240.
(32,500— Fine 4-story brick building; 75 feet
frontage; northwest; down town corner; pays
over 7 per cent. .
ANOTHER GOOD BUY.
GROCERY CORNER— RENT (120 50.
(18,000 — Grocery store, barber shop and flats;
never been vacant; prominent W.- A. corner.
HOWA.RD-ST. BARGAIN.
(12.750— RENT $100 A MONTH.. •
- Reduced price; elegant 3-story building, close
to Sixth st.; always rented; must sell at once.
BUSINESS CORNER.
(S5O0 — On Folsom st., near new wire works;
corner Btoris and flat; one tenant; (60 a month;
will be raised to $80 at expiration of two-year
lease. ; '
'SPLENDID INVESTMENT. •
$25,000— RENT (202 A MONTH.
Prominent business corner of four, stores and
four flats; transfer point; always rented; great
future.. . ,
RARE CHANCE. .
GRAND CORNER FLATS.
$24,000 — Pays about $200 a month; corner
'flats; best part of W," A. ; big bargain; should
ba seen at once. ;
FORECLOSURE SALE.
59000— Larso lot, 60x125; only half of lot Im-
proved, which pays 564 a month; choice loca-
tion on Geary at. ;any reasonable ' off er con-
oldered.
UNION SQUARE LOT.
. $205,000— Size 100x137:6; secured lease at
good rent to party who will build.
SUTTER-ST. COTTAGE. •
(5000 — Very fine cottage home on Sutter St.;
7 rooms and bath; offered low for quick sale.
RARE CHANCE FOR BIG ADVANCE.
(77,000 — Very large corner lot; 77x137:6; not
far from Eddy and Market sts.
UNION SQUARE INVESTMENT.
$56,500— Large lot; good buildings; fair Inter-
est can be largely Increased on expiration of
ldafo. . :".!.v";_ :
DOWN TOWN CORNER.
$45,000— Kent (300, can be increased to (400;
3-story building; east of Polk et. : 1 tenant.
BURNHAM & MARSH CO.,
20 Montgomery st.
BOARDMAN BnOS. & CO.,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS, • .'¦'. «.,
138 Montgomery Bt.
$40,000 — In the heart of the wholesale district,
close to Mlsaion St.; water lot, with
old Improvements, paying $136; oppor-
tunity' for a turn.
(30,600— Clay St., near water front; good brick
Improvements; $160 a month; large
lot. ¦ /
$25,000— North side California St.; lot lOOx
127:8Vi. with 4 very substantial build-
Ings of S flats each; plans made for
alteration Into 12 elegant modern flats;
. paying over 1 per cent month net.-
(25,000— A buMness corner; transfer point; lot
66x1)5; good Improvements: paying (200
a month; a splendid Investment; 5
minutes' walk from New City Hall, \
$17,000— Lnrkln nt.; a very handsome new flats!
close to cur line; a splendid Invest*
ment, paying $135 a month; 8 • i per
cent net.
$15,000— Downtown flats; new; $142 CO month;
always rented.
$11,000— Near Lnrkln and Washington ets.; .1
good sunny Hats; modern; paying $00,
6*4 per crnt net; a safe buy; always
rented. •
$0,000— Dupont, near Vall»]o; good 0-story
building, with storo and moms above.
$7,000— California st., near linker; 3 good flats;
$U6 a month,
$0,000— Oolden Onte ave,, north side, near
Central; 0 nice flats; rents (50.
$24,000— Beautiful, modern Pnclflo Heights res*
M< him. of 14 rooms ami 2 baths; NW.
corner.
$s,r.fio-niiiiiiir<\ near I'sxe; handsome 12-
room rnoldenctti Inrge lot; n snap.
$7,500— Page St., noar Webster: comfortable
11-room houso; n splendid buy.
$7,200— Butter ¦(., near Octavla; good fl-room
house.
(fl.OOO— IJenutlful 7-room cottage; Presidio
Heights: large lot; easy terms.
$0000— Mason it. corner, near Union; food H-
room house,
$3,250— Second ave. cottage; 6 rooms; new and
rosy.
jii.noo — l'ngA, near Huehanan; fi0xt<17:6.
$5,000— Waller St., near Webster; 60 ft. front
and running through to rear street;
build your flats here and make money.
$1,500— Webster St., near California; 80x100.
$a,250— Bush, near Laguna; JtfilMoot lot; lino
for flats,
$.1,200— Marine view lot; Cherry st., near Jack-
son; 31:10x117.
$2,000— Cheap; Presidio. Heights lot, 25x102.
. BOARDMAN BROS. & CO.,
138 Montgomery st.
VON RHEIN REAL ESTATE CO. (Ino.),
, 513 CALIFORNIA ST.
IMPROVED.
$16,000— Vallejo st., near Mason; 88:3Hx
130:6 with L S0:2"^x70:6; 6 front and 11 rear
flats: rents (150.
$10,250 — Corner Third and Harrison; 20x57:6;
store and flat: rent $65.
$8500 — McAllister, near Buchanan; 28x137:6;
3 flats: rents $65 80.
$10,000 — Fillmore, nr. Paclflc: 80x112:6; house
of 8 rooms and bath; rent $65. k
$8250— Mason, near Pine; 23x62:6 to rear
street; house of 0 rooms and 2 rear fiats;
rents $64.
, $7600— Union, nr. Dupont; 23x60; three-story
nouse.
$6750 — Green, near. Dupont; 20x137:6; new 3-
story building and rear house; rents $66.' ¦
$5000 — Union place, near Green St.; 20x58:0;
2 houses; rent $41.
(5000 — Leavenworth st., near Union; 25x
112:6; 3 new flats; rent $53.
$4500 — Corner Union and Pierce; 30x100; cot-
tag-e; rent (22 50. • '
$4500— Bartlett. nr. 24th; . 25x117:6 to rear
street; 2 bay-window flats; rents (38.
. $3100 — Church alley, north of Broadway;
stable and flats; 32x68:9: rents $53 50.
UNIMPROVED.
$17,000 — Sansome, near Green: 83:6x137:6.
California, near Webster; 3 lots, each 25x
137:6. ¦
Corner Buchanan and Pine; 65x81:3; 2 lots.
$5000 — Green, near Polk; 60x115. •' .
(5500 — Greenwich, near Taylor: 45:10x137:6.
$5250 — Corner Jackson and Locust; 37:6x
102:8%. .
Corner Nineteenth ave. and Clement st:. 200
xl20.
$0000 — Corner Sacramento and Cherry; 37:6x
100.
$4000— Union, near Devisadero; 87:6x137:6.
$3500 — Fulton St., near Fillmore; 82:6x137:6.
$3000— Clay, near Lyon; 27:6x100; key lot.
$2100— Cor. 21st and Hampshire; 25x07:6.
JI2000 — Elizabeth, near Diamond; 61:8x114.
$1300 per lot— Bryant ave., near Twenty-
sixth; 2 lots, each 20:8x100.
$1000— Sanchez, near Eighteenth; 28x105.
»0OO per lot — York, near Twenty-sixth ; 2 lots,
each 20:8x100.
$85 a front foot— Mission, nr. Twenty-eighth
400 lots, $200 to $400; terms easy; electric
road passes.
A GOOD EASTER RESOLUTION. ~
The first 'is here asatn and it means
another payment to the landlord, for winch
you receive no value. ,-,
Look ot our new modern 0-room and bnlh
cottage on Alvarado st. near Douglas*. Her-
man Tract, which you can buy with your
rent money.
Also two- new modern 0-room and bath
cottagps on Lundy Lune, one block from tho
Valenclo-st. terminus; agent on tho premises.
For fale or for rent— 2-story house on 4l)»h
n.ve., Ocean Bonrh.
$ft0 lots, 2Sxl25— Alvln Tract, Elmhurst
Stntlnn; nice climate; rich soil) 40 mlnuteit'
ride from Ban Francisco; ?5 down, $1 month-
ly.
linnutirul Ocenn Heach lots near park,
from $150 to $r>Qn; easy terms.
IajIs 75xl»7:0— South atda of McAllister St.,
near rttanyan; rhrap.
' Lots In all parts of tha city; Inquire
JACOB 1110 VM AN CO.,
117 Butter st.
A. B..IIUC1CINC11IAM IlEAL ESTATE
20 Monticoinpry st., room 11.
Rents, collected ; full chargo tnken of property.
$¦11,000— Good Investment; Mission, nr.' Sixth.
$43,6O0-Oor. no-vnra; Turk;, 'I frontages; line
location for apnrtment housa, ilats.otu.
$2376— A snap; north side Clay st., neur
Lyon; flnn location for flats.
$17,600— Threo very stylish new sunny flats, 8
, rooms: cholca location; rent* $160.
$10,500— Good buy; store and tlaU; Lackln St.,
. . near Cloury; rents $70.
$5250— Klna n nnd 0 room flats! on Stevenson
St., near Thirteenth; rent $40.
$1050— Dirt cheap;- NW. corner 'Banohei and
Alvarado Bin.; 2(1:0x105 feet.
'¦" HOUSES— 8UN813T HEIGHTS— LOTS.
. installments; Eleventh ave., H and I sts., nr.
entrance Park music stand; cars pass property.
A. E. BUCKINGHAM, 26 Montgomery, room
11.- Branch offlce. Bunset, 1215 Ninth ave. '
$0750— THREE new flats; east of Btanyan St.-
on sunny -side of street; cars pass; renting
for $07 60 per month; 12 per cent per annum!
(lB.OOOl-Threo elegant new circular bay-
window flats; on the Panhandle; rents $125 per
JEROME ENGLISH, 11 Montgomery St. .
FOR s Bale— As . a ) whole or. in subdivisions, 50-
vara lot, eouth line Union st. ; 137:6 feet east
of . Pierce. . Lot, northeast corner Oreen . and
' Plerco Bts., 103:6x137:0 feet. ... Inquire of
CHARLES C. BEMIS. Real Estate Broker.
.324 Montgomery st. . ,, :,,- -, .
¦A GRAND ; OFFER. - ¦'¦¦'¦'„ ' " ~"
¦ Modern 3-story house of 2 flats with all lat-
est Improvements; marine, view; stable in
rear; ¦ large lot • 34x137 ; must , be seen to be
appreciated. Apijly owner at once. 817 Union.'
EASTON, ELDIUDQE & CO.. U3S MarkePIu
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
"• AUCTION.
GRAND SPECIAL PROBATE SALE.
_ Choice Properties of the
Estate of JOSEPH M. WOOD (Deceased),
mr. n .r. B y Order of the Executrices,
TUESDAY April 1st. 1O02
At Our Salesroom. «W Market St.,
_, . _ At 12 o'clock noon. . ¦ •
PACIFIC HEIGHTS. RESIDENCE LOTS.
"*. , ne loU on we6t lln « Stelner et.. between
and Green sta., and lot on S. line
Green, 110 feet W. of Bteiner; these lots com-
mand a magnificent unobstructed marine view
and surrounded by the finest residences in- the
city; jfraded and ready for building; only one
block .trcm Union or Fillmore st. cars; street
accepted by the city; lame lots, 27:6*110. . .-.-.,
SEVENTH-ST. MANUFACTURING SITE.
East line Seventh Kt.. 120 feet S. of Berry,
being the NE. cor. Seventh and Division sts.;
this property is 6urrounded on all sidoa by the
railroad yards and tracks and is assured of u
big future: lot 63:8xe0:8%xl02:Cx45:10.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS BUILDING LOT.
S. line of Broadway. 103:l*£ feet E. of
Etelner; elegant lot surrounded on all sides by
the finest residences in the city; only a few
eteps from the Flllmore-st. cars; large lot.
81:4Hxl27:S'4.
6KVENTEENTH-ST. BUILDING LOTS.
S. line 17th ft., 189 feet E. of Church; three
choice lots ready for building; flats erected on
these lot* would rent and cell readily; street
bltumicized; lotc 26x100 feet each,
ALSO '
S. line of 17th St.. 289 feet E. of Church St.:
a choice lot; level; street bltumlnlzed; 27:ttx
100, mere pr less: Eighteen th-st. cars and
Gaerrero-st. cars handy.
ALSO ; .; •
DORLAND-ST. LOT. / ')
K. line Dorland st.. 114.01% feet E. of
Church St.; a flne lot ready for building and
close to Mission High School; lot 24x157:6.
UNION-ST. BUSINESS LOT.
S. line Union tt.. 105:6 W. of Gougb st.; a
choice lot for flats and etore; Union st. is the
business street of this district; street work
done; lot 25x137:6. .
MISSION RESIDENCE. ' •
X. lice (3tt*8) 19th St.. 245 feet E. of Do-
lores st.; a two-etory residence of C rooms and
bath tn the best part of the Mission warm :
belt; Guerrero, isth or Valencia et. cars; street
bltumlnized; lot 25x100 to rear street. :
EIGHTEENTH-ST. BUSINESS LOT.
8. line (Nos. 3019-3621) Eighteenth et., 100
feet W. of Guerrero st.; a flne key lot, close
to the transfer corner; suitable for store and
flats ln front and flats ln rear; If properly im-
proved would pay big: present Improvements
old: street bltumlnlzed; extra large key lot,
30x213, with L 24x113.
LOMBARD-ST. CORNER.
EW. corner Lombard and Buchanan sts. : a
flne corner lot, suitable for store and flats; on
North Etde boulevard; lot 30x110.
SANCHEZ-ST. CORNER.
FE. corner (Nos. 449-401-4B3) Sanchez and
Dorland sts.: improvements three cottaires of
(our rooms each; rents $288 per annum; a flne
corner in a growing neighborhood; lot 51.03
xlO4 fert.
VAN NESS AVENUE RESIDENCE LOT.
Eatt side of Van Kers ave., 12.18 feet north
of Greenwich St.; a grand lot on an elevation,
giving a magnificent unobstructed marine view
of the bay. Golden Gate and Marln County
hills: lot .';."x20» feet, more or less.
MISS1ON-ST. BUSINESS LOT.
Xorthwest corner of Mission and Brook ets.,
opporlte Cortland ave.; a handsome, eunny
corner, level and ready for building; a flne
site for stores and flats; Mission st. bltumln- ¦
Iced; corner lot, 40xS5f«et.
ALSO
Northeast corner of Ban Jose ave. end Brook
at., at Junction of Doloree st.; a flne. level
lot, on which email Hate would pay well; cor- ¦
ner, 40x77.
OREEN-BT. BUILD1NO LOT.
8. lino Green st., 187:6 feet K. of Ptelner: a
splendid site for a home; elevated; marine
view; only half a block from 1'lllmoru-nt. cars;
lot 32:CxlS7:il feet.
BAN HRUNO ROAI> LOTH,
Lots Nos. 8*7, 330, 810, Gift Map No. 4;
three lots on San Bruno road, a short dis-
tance berond Cortland ave.: the electrla cars
pans the property: lo(e 23x70 fret each.
flubject to ronflrmatlon of Probate Court.
EAETON, KLURIDOK & CO.. 038 Market at.
KABTON, ELDRIDGJS & CO., ™
CSS MARKET ST.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
TUEflDAT April i, 1002
At Our Salesroom, No, «i"« Market St..
at 12 O'clock Noon,
MODERN WESTERN ADDITION FLAT*.
North side (Nos. 2024 -21*24 A Hu*h st.). M7:0
feet east of Broderlrki two swell new up to
date eunny flat*. ?»U rooms, bath, lnumirv, etc.;
marble step*, dome ceilings; pay* fnio per an-
num: lot rilxI.T7 Ml feet,
MISSION WARM BELT INVESTMENT.
North side <Nos. 8422-3434) Nineteenth St.,
10A fret vet of Mission; two well built houses
a rooms and bath, with eeparate Basements;
rent* |42 per month; lot 23x63 feet,
WESTERN ADDITION HOMO.
Bast eide (No. 710) Webeter nt.. 10T fe< i
north of Grove; a two-Mory residence ef A
rooms and bath, with stable; laree lot, 30:0x77
feet. '
HARRIET STREET FLATS.
Southwest aide (Nos. 64-60-8$) Harriet tt..
75 feet northwest of Folsom; three m«4orn vHl
built flats 5-5-6 rooms and bath <nrh and rent-
ing for $&K> per annum; lot 27x711 ft.
FOLROM STREET IMPROVED PROPERTY.
Northwest side. (No. 1020) Foisem et., 76 fe*t
Muthm-est of Harriet, three-story frame build-
Ing containing store and A flats, all in good
condition and renting low at f$10 per annum;
lot 25x75 feet.
MISSION WARM BELT HOME. [
South side (No. 29) Dorland st.. 285 fe*t vat
of Guerrero: large two-story dwelling of 8
rooms and bath; could be easily converted into
flats; large lot, 60:8x115 feet.
COZY RICHMOND HOME.
West side (No. 223) Eleventh ave., 250 feet
eouth of California st. ; a neat 8-room cottage;
modern and up to date; high basement, etc.;
lot 25x120 feet.
MISSION COTTAGE. i
East side (No. 235) Douglass St.. 145 feet :
north of Nineteenth ; handsome modern cottage '
of 5 rooms and bath; brick foundation; lot tb\
xl25 feet.
BAKER STREET COTTAGE.
West elde (Xo. 1413) Baker et., 100 feet soath
of Sutter; a well built eottag« of 5 rooms ami
bath, with plenty of light ant} gun; on your
own terms: lot 25x100 feet.
CHURCH STREET COTTAGE.
West Eide (No. 1504) Church St.. 30 feet south
of Twenty-seventh ; modern cottage, 7 rooms,
bath and brick foundation; 10- foot basement;
lot 25x80. y^- 1
SIXTEENTH STREET BUILDING LOTS.
South Bide of Sixteenth St.. 271:8*4 feet west
of Market : two flne lots, • level and ready for
building; lots each 26x130 feet each.
EABTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.,
638 Market st
EASTON, ELRRIDGE 4 CO.,
* - 638 Market Street.
(5,250 — Seven flats of 4-3 rooms each; well
built and in good condition; always
rented; near 7th and Harrison sts.;
lot &0xS0 feet; rents $684 per annum.
$0,150 — Two handsome flats of 5-0 rooms; san-
itary-plumbing; strictly modem; close
to Golden Gate Park; rents $000 per
annum; lot 25x120 feet.
17,750 — Golden Gate ave. flats, near Scott St.;
north side of street; modern; good as
r.ew; rents $700 per annum; frontage
'. 0 ' or 80 feet.
$8,760 — Howard st., near New Postofflce: 3
flats of 6-7-8 rooms and bath; lot 2Sz
K!:G feet; worth the money.
(9, £.10 — Two flne Larkln-st. flats of 7-6 rooms
and bath; garden: sunny all day; nenr
California St.; flne futura for thla
property; lot 80:8x100 feet.
111,250— Elegant Panlflo Heights residence; su-
perbly finished; magnificent Interior
decoration; never before offered; ex-
cellent marine view; 10 rooms; lot
27:0x127:8 feet. ;••;•;
$15,600— A northwest corner on Kearny st. ; lot
40x00 feet; a bargain: 7 lints and store
always rented; rent* (1800 ]»t annum;
big Interest.
$lC,r»OO«r-'lx fine flaU 7-0 rooms and baths; ex-
tra foundations; excellent repair; per*
mnnent tenants; rents (1620 per an-
num; north side of Oak st.,. near
Pierce; lot r.0xl37:0 feet.
(30,000— Six new elegant modern flats of 7
room* and bath, etc.; latest model;
Vallejo et., northwest corner: marine
view uncxcellod; lot 40x120 feet; rents
$1000 per annum.
$75,000— East line of Dupont st., near Wash-
ington St.: large 4-story brick build-
Ing; rents (0000 per annum; lot
(10x137:6 through to Brenham place;
fronting Portsmouth square and Hull
of Justice. f
EASTON, ELDRIDOE & CO.,
. 038 Market st.
BARGAIN.
610,000 — Great buy; rents (120. which can ba
Increased to (140; large double lot. 100 feet
wide on the rear, with Improvements In good
repair; Vallejo et.. near Powell: must be BOld s
to clone partnership Interest: can bo bought
at n. eacriflce.
(200— Ocean boulevard lot; Forty-sixth
ave., near L nt.; owner has gone East and
1* must be fold.
McEWEN BROS.. 118 Montgomery st.
CHEAPEST home in Sunset district; all mod-
ern Improvement*; only one left; see It- to-
day; Oth ave.. bet. I and J sta. 8. S. REED.
(750 — CASH; house and lot (Mission), (800; in-
stallments; 8 rooms, barn; well. G50 Jes-
sie et.. rear.
REAL ESTATE-— COUyTKY— For 8nle
ARE looking for bargains? Here they are.
$300 — go acres of nne land In Amador County.
2 miles from town; barn, fencing, several acres
in orchard; abundance of wood and water.
$630— 60 acres in Calaveras County, near
town; house, barn, orchard, etc.; abundance or
wood and water. . .
$1350—160 acres of flne level land In Lake,
County, near town; fronts on county road;
good 5-roora house, barn and outbuildings; fam-
ily orchard; plenty of wood; good water. C. t>.
MOORE. 035 Market st. •-
A DELIGHTFUL country place. 160 acres;
elevation 2000 ln mountains; 4 miles south
Mountain View; within S hours of Sa i
Francisco; grandest oanoramlc view ln
State: attractive surroundings; 3 flne springs:
a perfect health home; small cottage; excel-
lent stable: necessary outbuildings; 4 acres
assorted orchard: 4 acres bearing vineyard:
must sell; great bargain. See owner from f>
to 11 a. m., 23S Montgomery, FLINN. HAR-
RIN'GTON & CO. ' "
2S0 ACRES unimproved land. Tuolumne Co.;
160 acres, Marlposa Co. ; wood and water;
cheap for cash. Box 4611. Call offlce.
$600 — CORTE MADERA; 3-room cottage, barn,
fruit trees. Apply on premises or address J.
SIMS, 2608 Howard at.
$500— CHICKEN ranch. 10 miles out; cottag-;
large lot; flne dim. F. Grosscup, 1504 Mrkt.
CHOICE table grape land near San Francisco;
cheap. Room 1, 410 Kearny st.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHASGE.
$12,500 — THE finest summer resort In the
Santa Cruz Mountains; costly building: 23
acres land: completely furnished; for sale or
exchange for bay property.
F. F. PORTER. 466 Eighth St.. Oakland.
FOR sale or exchange — Beautiful borne ln Saa
Jose; convenient ln every respect; reasonable;
no agents. Particulars box 4323. Call offlce.
POIST RICHMOND LOTS.
LOTS AT POINT RICHMOND.
LOTS AT POINT RICHMOND.
LOTS AT POINT RICHMOND.
LOTS AT POINT RICHMOND.
First Opportunity for Investment
First Opportunity for Investment
IN
THE CITY OF RICHMOND.
THE CITY OF RICHMOND.
The first regular and only authorized subdi-
vision of lota ln the City of Richmond now
ready for purchasers, and they are being rapid-
ly sold.
First buyers sure of advance.
LOW PRICES.
LOW PRICES.
LOW PRICKS.
EASY TERMS!
EASY TERM3. «v '
EAST TERMS.
$23 CASH— $5 PER MONTH. -
Invest your savings where yon can mak* a
sure and early profit. Point Richmond la to-
day the liveliest place ln California. Think
what It will be tn a year from now with all the
Immense establishments projected there. It ts
the coming manufacturing city of the coast.
Terminus of the great Santa Fe Railroad. The
Standard Oil Co. U building the third largest
refinery In the world near this property. Large
numbers of men will be employed. Many other
large establishments will be located there.
8EB THESE CHOICE LOTS.
SEB THESE CT1OICI5 LOTS,
Writ* tt one* for maps and price list, mailed
free.
OVER 800 LOTS ALREADY SOLD.
Some of the very best corners and Inside lota
left.
Hotel, Church. School, Office bulMIng and
Pomnfflce will he on thla property; 7 cottngca
and store buildings contracted for In past three
day*.
Plans being drawn for many others: streets
rradftl and those macadamized are at cora»
pany's expense.
ELECTRIC LIGHTS WHEN DESIRED.
Electrlo Road Franchise Past These Lota,
DON'T WAIT!
DON'T WAIT!
Send for Maps and Circulars at Once.
Go over and see these lots and go to-day.
Take 0 o'clock boat. Santa Fe ferry, to East
Yard Station. Agent on property.
RICHMOND LAND COMPANY (Inc.)
RICHMOND LAND COMPANY (Inc.)*
RICHMOND LAND COMPANY (Inc.),
182 Crocker Building, S. F.
182 Crocker Building. S. F.
182 Crocker Building. 8. F-
DID you ever stop to think what It means to
Invest now at th« beginning, when prices ar»
low, ln a town
At the Terminus of the Santa Fe Railroad,
Where the Standard Oil Company Is Expend-
ing Millions.
Where the Union Iron Works Is Going to
Build a Big Plant, Employing Many Men;
Where There Is Deep Water, and Where Saia
and Rail Meet?
These Conditions Exist
AT POINT RICHMOND.
LOTS in the *
SANTA FE TRACT,
. POINT RICHMOND,
All Level Streets Graded,
$150 and Up $15 Cash. $5 Monthly.
McEWEN BROS.. 118 Montgomery at,*
Sole Agents.
""*"^~ ~™ "~ *"^^— """ **" ™ *"~*^^
SDBtRBAX ItEAL ESTATE.
ROSS VALLEY PARK.
Beautiful lots, 60x150 and larger; water, sew-
ers and flne roads; wooded and open; $310 to
$600; easy terms; one-third of tract already.
COLE TRACT— ROSS VALLEY.
Lovely new cottage on superbly wooded large .
lot: $3500; easy terms.
Fine large wooded lot adjoining. $700.
ROSS VALLEY.
$33.000— Onnd country estate: finely Ira-
proved; a fft-v minutes' walk from Rosa sta-
tion; a great bargain.
I .™— —
$13,000—7^4 acres; beautifully timbered; resl«
dence, stable, etc.; extremely attractive.
_ BAN RAFAEL.
West End residence; large grounds In **•"*
ordei ; $30,000; very choice.
$12,000— Beautiful home and ground* near
Hotel Rafael and broad-gauge depot.
$10,000— Another lovely home near Hotel Ra-
$10,500— Still another charming home na«*
Hotel Rafael. In Coleman Addition.
I have flne properties on line of the new
North Shore electric railroad from RaumUlto
up to Ban Rafael. CEO. A. RAYMOND.
Seventh floor, room 2. Mills hl.lg.
Mill Valley Advertisements.
BULL VA LLE Y HEAL ESTATE.
BEAUTIFUL ~~>~vs~ ~w*«
MILL VALLEY.
40 Acres Subdivided Inta Lots.
< We have subdivided Into lots the flnest prop-
erty In Mill Valley, known as the SUNNYSIDH
TRACT. The streets have been grnrted «n<1
will be sewered and macadamized. The tract
command* splendid vlewa of Mount Tamalpais
nnd the bay. The North Shore Railroad ts
about to expend $1,000,000 to perfect an Ideal
ferry and electric line system.
Bend now for plats and prices and go and
look at the property.
MCAFEE BROTHERS.
IPS Montgomery st.. San Francisco.
SAUSAUTO HEAL ESTATE.
SAUSALITO — For sale or lease, beautiful resi-
dence of William G. Barrett; modern house
of 20 rooms, completely furnished; larga
grounds; marine view; near ferry. S. tl.
HINDE3. 330 Market St.. 8. F.
SAN RAFAEL ADYERTISEM'TS
ROOMS A.VD BO AR p.
SAN RAFAEL — Room' and board .(or part
board) for single gentleman; private family;
6 minutes' walk from broad gauge station;
large grounds. Box 4563. Call offlce.
For Additional Classified AdvertiJ«-
inents Bee Page Thirty-eight.
REAL KSTA.TE — CITY— 'FOIt SALE.
McAFEE BROTHERS,
10S Montgomery St., San Francisco.
A snap— In Mission warm belt; flne corner
on 21st st, near Valencia: 12-room house;
property stands the owner over $9000; would
make a fine business corner; price reduced
to $6000, to make quick sale.
J TWELFTH AND HARRISON.
" Northeast corner; must be sold Immediate-
ly to close estate; size of lot 50x100; the
heirs will refuse no reasonable offer for thl3
lot; asklne price $10,000.- W»Jter.»-!r;
BUCHANAN-ST. FLATS.
Three flne new modern flats: sunny lot; •-
7-6 rooms; .all rented for $112 60 monthly;
price $13,500.
BROADWAY LOT AND IMPROVEMENTS.
On the north side of Broadway, near Bu-
chanan; 61:3x137:6; or will subdivide; one of
the few remaining choice pieces left In this
location; unexcelled marine view; price
$25,000.
" PAYS C PER CENT NET.
Fine modern brick building not far from
Market st. ; a fine Investment property; a
quick sale desired; owner would consider
taking- in $15,000 or $20,000 property ln part.:
payment. Price $120,000.
• WALLER-ST. HOME, NEAR SCOTT.
Tv/c-story and basement; seven rooms
and bath ln flne condition; lot 80x110; will
exchange for smaller property; price $5250.
VERY CHEAP.
Two nice lots on the north side of Twen-
tieth St., between Church and Sanchez; 25x
114 each; price only $800 each; look at these
lots; might shade this price a little.
MARINE VIEW LOT.
Fine lot on Vallejo St., near Scott; C3:lVj
xl37:6; or will subdivide; owned by estate;
heirs very anxious to sell; price *175 »er foot.
FOUR ROOMS AND BATH.
In the Mission; pretty and new bay-win-
dow cottage; only $1600.
WESTERN ADDITION COTTAGE.
Five-room cottage on Bldeman St., near
Ellis; rents for $12 60: price $1600. .
C9:Cxl37:8 ON VALLEJO ST.
Marine view lot; 30 feet from corner of
Baker; a bargain; price only $3500.
RICHMOND LOTS.
Block bounded by Clement, Fourteenth and
Fifteenth aves. ; very cheap; lots $700 and
upward; street work all done; very cheap
lots; send for plat. » •', ~L
Lots on Sixth ave., between Lake st. ana
the Presidio wall. $050 each; only four lots
left; secure them before you are toe late.
MASON, NEAR UNION.
Three-story house; 2 frontages; cheap;
only $4000.
$200,000 — A lumber manufacturing estab-
lishment In this city, with all the necessary
timber lands; everything ln flrst-class order:
15 per cent per annum earned by present
owners; none but principals need apply.
McAFEE BROTHERS.
108 Montgomery st.
$1400 — TWO new modern cottages, $1400 each;
bath, closet, elnk. nice yard, fence; 2S min-
utes* rtda to Third and Market sts.; $400
cash, balance $14 per month. WELLS &
BAUNDERB, 630 Market Bt.
APPRECIATED If seen; elegant sunny mod-
ern house of 0 large rooms and bath; San Jose
ave., near Valley St., bet. 28th and 20th;
Ouerrero-st. care pass door.
BARGAIN; must be sold by April 1, handjorno
new 6-room modern cottage: large lot; cholco
location; terms. B, O. MEHUTEN8. 1520
Webster St., Alameda. .
$5050— BARGAIN; nice flats, well rented; Mis-
slon warm belt. Owner, box 45U3. Call offlce.
PAPERING room walls. $1 60: painting, $1;
Whitening. 70o. PAINTER. 815 Oolden Oate.
UISAL ISSTATI3— -COUNTRY— - For Snlti
BAN JOAQUIN COUNTT-703 ACHE3.
370 acres alfalfa at $70 per acre; His acres
Jraln ut $50 per acre; 1C0 acres rye pasture at
40 per acre; would subdivide; all Irrigated;
near Stockton.
' FINE FARM.
Adjoining town Walnut Creek. IT ml "¦from
Oaklnnd; Ml acres; price $5250; twice sold for
$8500; bargain. V ; -
A farm, 78 acres, S miles from Felton, 10
mllei Santa Crus; 40 acrca cultivated; 25 acre*
choice apples; balance pasture; hard-nnlined
dwelling, 6 rooms, barn, etc.; running water
piped; will make a fine home; price $5000.
Nearest, best and cheapest Irrigated land tq
Ban Francisco; (WO acres; will subdivide.
Alfalfa lands for sale— Cattle and hogs now
In demand; alfalfa Is most desirable; we have
ii'M acre* under Irrigation; 8 years In alfalfa; In
Ban Joaquln County, near rullroad; as a whole
or In subdivisions; price $70 per acre.
Ban Joaquln County— 082 acres reclaimed tule
land; t)30 aores planted In rye and 300 acres
rented at $9 per acre for vegetables; price $70
p«r acre. '* ;*
Mineral springs and resort within 60 miles of
Ban Francisco; recommended by physicians of
Ban Francisco; paid 10 per cent on last year'e
business without advertising; a good opportu-
nity for a hotel man or physician; price $UO,lHK>.
We have other lands for gracing, ' grain or
any other crop In good locations and at reason-
able terms; we Invite landseekers to visit our
office.
McAFEB BROTHERS. ¦
108 Montgomery St., Ban Francisco.
O. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
14 Montgomery at.
Kerner's Bellevue Hotel, Mill Valley; 2-
story frame building, 30 rooms; furnished
complete; about one acre of ground; roust be
sold within 80 days; a bargain for hotel man
or a good Income investment.
10 and 20 acre lots In the Taafe Tract, near
Mountain View: a part of the old Murphy
Ranch: from $30 to $50 per acre.
5. 10 and 20 acre lots ln the Katherine
Dunne Ranch, Santa Clara County, at $50 per
acre; other land in this locality Is selling at
$75 and $100.
Santa Clara County; 150 acres; level land;
all tillable; now ln grain; good fruit land;
house, barn, outhouses; l'j miles from rail-
road station: great bargain; $50 per acre.
A beautiful country home, modern and com-
plete In every detail, at Mlllbrae, to be sold at
a ereat sacrifice.
80 acres, all level, 2 miles from Turlock;
best alfalfa land; sandy loam on main ditch;
$25 per acre.
FOR SALE.
$1650 — Cozy home on East Oakland Heights;
story and naif cottage, 7 rooms; plenty clos-
ets; good basement; 75 feet front by 200 from
street to street; flower garden, fruit trees,
choice berries: the loganberry crop should net
$100 this summer; room and houses for 200
chickens; land worth the money.
87 acres: 2VJ- miles northwest of Nevada
City; modern 8-room house and all outbuild-
ings; vineyard, orchard, timber; no waste
land; elevation 2600 feet; a delightful and
healthful summer home; a bargain; price $1500.
PAUL P. AUSTIN.
>:;",¦.. Manager Country Department.
14.000- ACRES splendid Colony tract, with
railroad station. Fresno County, only $10 an
acre by bank. WOOSTER. WHITTON &
MONTGOMERY, 634 Market St.
A — Santa Clara Valley — 30S acres by bank; sedi-
ment land; $15,400; easy terms; near station.
Bee WOOSTER. WHITTON & MONTGOM-
ERY, 634 Market st.
A — Santa Clara .Valley — 10 acres ln richest col-
ony ln California; only $14 15 monthly If de-
sired; don't let this go by; unprecedented
chance for frugal salaried people. WOOS-
TER. WHITTON & MONTGOMERY, 634
Market St.; send for catalogue. .
A— Santa Clara Valley— Eighty acres; vineyard;
splendid location; " elegant soil; good build-
ings; $13,000 to settle estate. Bee WOOS-
TER. .WHITTON & MONTGOMERY, 634
Market Bt.' . '
A— 260 acres productive land. Including promls-
ln« townalte; on Valley road; $40 an acre.
third caeh. See WOOSTER, WHITTON &
MONTGOMERY. 634 Market st.
A — Merced County river bottom land; perfect
' Irricatlon; corn, alfalfa, potatoes, grain, stock,
on river bank; cash rental. $2000; owned by
bank; good buildings; grand 'farm: cheap.
Bee WOOSTER. WHITTON & MONTUOM-
ERY. U34 Market st.
Banta. Clara Valley, Ban Jose and Peninsular
propertlen. see WOOBTER, WHITTON &
MONTGOMERY, CTt Market. B. F., & San J.
ATTENTION, HOMESKEKERS! "
COUNTRY LANDS!
Now la the tlmo to buy.
There Ik money ln cattle.
There Is money. In orchards.
There Is money In vineyards.
There is money In general farming.
There Is money In dried fruits.
There In money in sheep.
Country lands will never be as cheap again.
We have some of the greatest bargains ever
seen or heard of In this Btate. Call or send for
particulars.
, DAVID BUSH t BON. 10 Montgomery st.
$50OO--4-ACRK fruit and chicken ranch; ft-room
modern boune. Urge barn, sheds. Incubator,
chicken-houses. 800 chickens, over «00 full-
bearln* fruit trees, wagon, buggy, harness,
tools, cow; all In flrst-class condition; % mile
" from electric car, town and school: a flne
place.* HEALY A CARR. 0 Eddy st.
WRITE for list of farms and ranches.
Unimproved land ln tracts. 2 acres or more
at $40 to $3CO per acre; for fruit, grain, garden
or oranges; located In Alameda. Ban Joaautn
end other counties. HEALY & CARR, 6 Eddy
street. . .
FOR BALE NEAR BAN FRANCISCO -
Bmall tracts, $?0 to $00 per acre, on Rancho
Cotati. Sonoma Co.; future value assured as
San Francisco Is growing rapidly; location
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The- Cotati Co., 802 California St.. tor
pamphlets and Information.
FOR sale — The best and most profitable land
ln the West; come to Watsonville. Cal be-
; fore purchasing elsewhere; send for cata-
logue. • R. P. QUINN.
Real Estate. Watsonvllle. Cal.
FINE chicken ranch near Petaluma; brooders
, Incubators; 6000 chickens: the best In the
¦ county; Income $250 per month. WELLS &
BAUNDERS. 630 Market st. V^T ¦"
PROFITABLE orange, , lemon, peach and prune
lands to sell: right locality; big money; easy
raiments. ' HEALY & CARR. 6 Eddy at
REAL ESTATE— CITY— FOR SALE, j
ess.oOO— ItUNTS $2S0; choice corner on McAl- I
' litter et. : good improvements; etead- !
ily rented; tCxlOO.
$C1,OOO— lioms $145; downtown corner;. 2 bud-
etjiiui.il brick buildings in' iierfect or-
der: buildings alor.c worth the money.
$10.500— Rents $100; Ellis 6t.. near Hyde; 3
modern flats of 0-7-8 rooms und bath
each: in i»trfect order.
$15.000— Itents $1^0;- Octavla St., cear Ellis; 3
new rnoOern 3ats of 7 rooms and bath
each.
S13.&00 — Rents $102 50; Post et., near Laguna;
3 new modern flats of 0-7 rooms and I
bath each; Just completed; 25x137 :U. |
$10.500— Rects |US; McAllister «.U. near Park;
3 new modern flats of «-7 rooms and '
bath each; just completed; 2T:xl37:U. '
$10,000 — Kents W»5; choice bueineps corner on !
Pacific bt. ; good improvements; stead-
ily rented; a frontages.
$9,500 — Kents. *-U\- Turk st., near Van Ness
ave; old improvements; choifce lot; if
improved would pay handsomely; 27:0 |
xUtt; double frontage.
5S.7D0— Hents $75; Webster Bt. near Post; 2
modern flats of 6-U roams and bath
each; ihis is a sood buy.
SS.Z-00 — Choice earner. Twenty-first and Guer-
rero Ets.; nicely elevated and com-
manding a fine view; if properly im-
proved would yield large returns; lot
61 :CxiOO.
SS.500 — Rents ?0G; Fillmore st., near Haight;
, 4 modern flats of 4*5 rooms and bath
« ™ rt^2 lcb: J jerf * ct °™Ht; lot 48-ft. front.
SS.000 — Kents f9o; Urjant St.. near Sixth- 6
flats; «teadity rented; in cood repair;
- frontages. . ¦
$S,O00— Rents $18 60; Folsom et. ; 2 modern
flats of 5-6 rooms and bath each; 25
$7,500— Rents $55; Scott and Ellis Ets.; 2 mod-
«*!LJ? als pf 5 "^ *" ooms *nd bath each;
$7,000 — Reduced to niako quick sale; Tbird
et.: 3-story houce of 11 room* and
bath; lower floor can readily be con-
verted into a etore; rear portion of
«- aaa^ » l v *^^ t: frontage.
«.,wu — Kent* *tw; Hermann et., near Duboce :
Park; 2 modern flats of C-0 rooms and
rTnrm_£ alh C « h: 2 frontages.
$7.000— Retus $52 50; Howard et.; 2 well-built
»«£*' 1 .n d^ w ,, fl . at * of 6 rooms "»d bath
$0,500— Baker st.. near Park; well-built bay-
window residence of 0 rooms and bath-
ti *aa 2jx100; this is a enap.
$4,500— Rents $35; Sacramento st.; 2 desirable
nats of 5 rooms and bath each; bay
windows, brick foundation, etc.; Six
$3.000— Northeast comer on Pine et.; cottase
¦ of o rooms.
11.500-5-Reduced to make quick sale; 2 choice
reridence lots on Park Hill command-
C.ii ln * view of the city.
Lateet Pocket Map of San Francisco. 25c
G. H. UMBSEN A. CO.,
. 14 Montgomery st.
XCLXPON. JOHNSON & CO.,
.05 Montgomery st., Opp. Mills Bldg-.
JC0RT ", OF MARKET AND THREE BLOCKS
*ot *™ KnOM BALDWIN HOTEL SITE.
$27,600— MAKE OFFER; modern building-. 30 1
rooms, com 916,000; lot worth $17,600:
bank mortfase $10,000. 6 per cent, can
remain.
H5,000— Rents $4110; « new flats. 0 rooms and
bath, near Eddy and Larkin »ts.; lot
*«« «~. 6 * n> tront *S* through to rear st.
$-5,000—34 ft. frontage; best business st;
«e*t of Kearny et.: 2 stores and IS
•..~~ rooms above: rent* $1820.
$12.000— O'Farrell »t.; 8 minutes' from
Market St.; 27:0x120 ft. to rear et.;
* houses.
... , M BUSINESS PIlOPETtTY.
fJC.oOO— Rents $1«00; Western Addition busi-
ness corner; new modern building
containing rtore (under lea*r) and 3
lnrjre flats; large corner lot. a2:ttxioo.
$17.600— Fine Western Addition business cor-
!•.•!-. 37:Gxt>7:0 ft.; etore and flats;
rents $I«&H.
$12.000— Rente S12O0: McAllister et.. close ln:
lot 30x137 :3 ft.; modern building,
ttore (under lease) and 3 flats.
$7.ooo-ltfnts $72ii; modern building contain-
ing it. .it and flata In Mlealon. .
WiaSTEJlN ADDITION FLATS.
115.500— Northeast comer flats, east of Larkln
et.; new modern building; 82 ft. front-
••»•¦; handsome Income; jruaraiileed
future.
f 14,400— llcnts $1440: all rented: three finest
flats In city; l**t part Buchan-
an st.
110.750— Ito&ts $1200; three n*w flata near Park
i'anhandle: fine view; 27 ft. frontajie.
$10.500— Units $1200; 3 new elegant flats, sun-
ny etde McAllister St.] 23x137 :fl.
tit.ooo-- a hand»om* Ilatn. eunny »lde Hatght
•t.; Six l»7:fl feet; rent* jtmi
it. '•¦¦<•- K. :.i. *¦; :.•'); 2 new flats of «i and 7
rooms and bath; Hush et.; modern.
$7,000— TUnta $720; 2 new elegant flats; key
lot 27x112 ft.; i.'itr Halfht and Bu-
chanan sts.
NELSON. JOHNSON * CO..
505 Montgomery it., opp. Mills bldg.
BOVHE. TOY & PONNTAO.
ItEAL liFTATE AGENTS.
Rents Collerted, Houses Rented and Full
Charge Taktn of Property.
<-'l MARKET ST.
$57.500 — Choice northeast corner: rood eub-
rtantial 4-atory and basement bulldlnc; north
of Market ¦•<.. nnt far from Chronicle build-
ing:; rents $300 per month.
$35, coo — Lot 75x137:6 feet; 14-roora residence
upon earn*: close to Post and Taylor *ta.
(25,(XK>— Nice corner close to Union square;
ctores end flats above; rents $128 per month.
.*''7.. r .i." — An ( li'Kant S-story and basement
brick building close to Battery and Bush sts.;
rents $35u p?r month; no lease.
$75.000 — Choice corner on Fourth St., near
Market; good frame improvements; rents $430
jjer month.
$55.000— Choice downtown corner near Kear-
ny and Sutter Ets.: old improvements.
(35,000 — California et., cloee to Leavenworth:
north eide; lot 75:Gxl37:G feet; Improvements;
rents Sl'JO per month.
$S2.500 — Lot and Improvements close to Sut-
ter and Mason eta.; rents $194 per month.
$11.600 — Three new flats on Hayes st., close
to Fillmore; 7 and 6 rooms and bath; rents
$115 per month; lot 25x137:6 feet.
$15.500 — Choice corner in "Western Addition; '
S f ront&gee ; Improvements conslstinr of etorr
and fiaif ; rente $108 per month; east of Fill-
more Et.
$3250— Choice lot, on Fell and Ashbury Bts.,
dose to Panhandle; eize 25x106:3 feet.
$13.500— Eight flats close to Fourteenth and
Valencia exs. ; rents $124 per month. ;
$4000 — Xatoma et.. near Eleventh; 2 houses
of 6 rooms and bath each; rents $32 per month;
open for offer.
$S500 — Nice northeast corner on Eddy et.,
near Flllmore, eize 2Sxl00 feet, consisting- ol
etores and flats; rents $70 per month.
Further particulars of BOVEE, TOY &
EOXN'TAG. 624 Market et.
Ji. A. TUTTLE Crocker Building.
$13,000 — 42x110; Post et., near Leavenworth; !
rent $80.
$3700—1278 Tenth ave.. Sunset District, near
X sjt»; new up-to-date 6-room basement cottase. ;
plate and art class window*, mahogany mantel,
revolving- ecreen. pas prate. 5-foot porcelain
roll-rimmed bath, nickel-plated plumbing, dome
ceilings, Italian marble sinks, stationary wash-
Etan&s: marine view; open Sunday.
$12,000— Three flat* and cottage. Western Ad-
dition; rents $88; 60x120; offer wanted.
117,500 — North tide Paclflc ave.; old houEe;
large lot; neer Lasruna et. ; elegant marine
view.
$e5.000 — One-half SO-vara. Inside Larkln St.:
rent $*20; new buildins;.
$9500 — Three elegant new flats; Etanyan st:
rent $32 60.
$t5750 — Two modern flats: Larkln et, near
Clay.
$4500— Two 6-room houses: rent $40; Lang-
ton et.
$16,000 — Three up-to-dat* flats; Presidio
H^iphtf"; key lot; rrnt H50.
$23.000 — Fix elegant nVt»: rent $200; 65x120;
near Van Ness ave. ami llurh nt.
fSKXK) — Corner on Turk st.; 3OxS5; store and 2
flat*; good Income; olfer wanted.
~T~-~ _
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTa
We excel ln Prices and locations.
• 100 to $100 — Orndr-d Ocean rtoulevard lots;
• !i bargalni<; $5 monthly.
$500 to $1000— iicsuttfui Eunm lots; uplendld
view . r I'ark and Ocean; all graded; on easy
inMallmrntr.
ftunurt branch offlre, Ninth ave., near II st
f :• 'i to $*00— Unexcelled Richmond bulldlns;
lots; $10 monthly. °u»ainB
»!'*">. $1750, $2600 .to $3500— Modern cot-
ts***; all bargains; choice locations: easy
SOL GICTZ A ItnOTHKR.
ltoom li. Chronicle building.
tv*. V. AMni'.OBI*; & CO..
« Real nutate and Insurance Brofcers,
Chronicle liulldirx Rooms 41 and 42.
45:10x137:0— pown town Investment; north-
west corner on Uattery st.
SSxfcft— Mlrrlon tt.. adjoining new pottofflce;
niukt ba i oi,i to dose an estate,
Tlirre ntv- flats north *lde ot McAllister St.;
rent* $105 fcr month; lot 25x127:0.
2SxS0— Lot on Valencia «t.. near Elrhteenth.
\V. r. AMBROSE & CO..
¦ <l and 42 Chronicle building.
". 7T. ...... .'. . . ~A A A 7.
3. Ti. TOPLITZ drtlrea to purchase for carh
a lot 25 to 'M f"t front on
MARKET RTREET.
Between ICearny and Jones tts..
Between Kearny and Beventu sts. Address
JOSEPH B. TOPLITZ.
- i
NEW flats paying 12 -per cr-nt, near Panhandle";
nuet be rold; brgt offer accepted. Owner,
_boxjtr«7. Call offlce.
$5.%00 — MUST be paid; $3000 cash only; rents
SCO. Apply on premises, 2C23 gutter St.. near
Lyon.
BARG-AIX— $0000; modern 8-room large house;
lot £2x125, 1711 Brodertck Bt.; mar Pine.
REAL ESTATE— CITY— FOR SALE.
MADISON & I BURKE.
(Established January, 1858.)
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
¦• FULL CHARGE TAKEN OF PROPERTY.
Removed to 30 Montgomery st., opposite Lick
;-*;¦; r ¦' .'v.'.' -House. ,
RETAIL BUSINESS CORNER.
$30,000 — Pays 0 per cent net; business local-
ity; elegant building in 2 stores and 6 flats;
jujt completed and leased; large lot.
SUTTER STREET.
$25,000— Sutter st.. Inside Polk; large lot
with double frontage; executor's sale; must be
scld. ¦ .¦ , -
$13,000 — Two choice new flats on Scott st.,
facing, Alta Park; elegant In every. particular;
paying $1320 per annum.
CHEAP CORNER.
Corner Thirteenth and Klssllng sts., near
Folsom; 60x73; 2 buildings ; well rented; $9000.
NEW RESIDENCE.
$5000 — New house; Lake St.. corner of Eighth
ave.; 50x72; 8 rooms; finished attic and base-
ment.
INSIDE INVESTMENT.
$10,000 — O'Farrell St., near Polk: large
house; lot 22:11x120 to rear street;- this is aa
Improving location.
MARKET-ST. CORNER.
$16,000 — Market-Et. gore lot, intersection of
Ridley St., OS feet on Market; covered with
j stores; this is a bargain.
$14,000— Stockton St., near Sutter; 3-story
brick building, paying good interest; new and
substantial improvements.
Flats renting for $26 on Seventeenth st.,
near Castro; lot 25x100; price $3500.
LOTS. *
$3000 — Corner Twenty-fifth and Alabama
sts.; 50x100; a good corner to Improve.
$2500 — Stelner st., near Waller; a choice
building lot; cheap; 25x91:6. .
$2000 — Broderick st., near Oak; an elegant
building; near Park Panhandle.
$5000— San Joso ave., near Twenty-ninth St.;
flats and store; rents $52; lot 3ta81.
$2000 — Nice cottage home on Nineteenth St.,
near Eureka; 'modern; 6 rooms and bnth; lot
25x75.
Lots on Twentieth ave., between Clement st.
and Point Lobos ave.; a choice line of lots,
$550 and $U0O, on easy terms If desired. '
MADISON & BURKE.
X>* 30 Montgomery st.
LYON & HOAG.
114 MONTGOMERY STREET.
Send for our complete printed list of prop-
erty for sale ln all sections of the city.
$60,000— Corner; 60-vara on Larkln St.; total
rent $341; at small expenditure rent
can be Increased materially.
$8,000 — Close to Page and Ashbury sts.: 8 bay-
- window flats,' containing 0 and 0 rooms
and bath, etc., each: total rents $72 60.
AN UP-TO-DATE HOMJE.,
$2.850— $500 cash; Tenth ave., near J »t., 2
blocks south of the park; contains 0
large rooms; latest sanitary plumbing;
lot 26x120.
$7,000 — Rent $70 per month; 2 handsome flats
on Cole st.; Panhandle district; con-
tain 0 and 7 large sunny rooms and
all latest conveniences: kitchen ln cen-
ter of the houso; dining-room Is pan-
eled; all rooms prettily tinted; lot 210
foot front.
$0,750— lUmt $Uti 60; 3, new flats on Frederick
St., close to park; contain (I and 7
rooms and bath each: lot 25x106; flne
• Interest-paying property.
$5,600— Paclflo st., near Leavenworth; large
lot, ,46xH2:6; Improvements, store and
flat; rente $40; could be Increased.
$5,000— Hill St., near Valencia: lot 80x114; 2-
. story house, 8 rooms and bath, laun-
dry and conservatory; terms $1200
cash, balance tn monthly Installments;
' on mortgage, or will trade equity for
* good vacant lot; driveway and room
for stable,
$5,600— Rent ?¦»»: offer wanted: Liberty St.,
near Guerrero; lot iiOxlM; 2 flats, 6
and 6 rooms and bath; best light and
sun; always rented.
$12,600— Hplendld corner Investment In the
popular Panhandle district; 4 fine
tunny flats; always rented; lot tCx
104; portion of lot vacant; rent $100.
$70,000— Rent $0000 per annum; lensed to one
tenant; 1 flne nulldlng; heated by Steam;
lighted by electricity; Ili-.lit andeunny;
handsome front: splendid Investment;
not far from Butter and Hyde sts.;
very large lot; offer wanted.
LYON A JIOAO,
¦ 114 Montgomery st. '
$100 CASH ; ....$10 MONTHLY
BUST LOTS IX RICHMOND.
New Block Subdivided.
Bounded hy Clement St., Fourteenth, Point
LciIiom and Fifteenth aves.: level and with Just
enough elevation to mako them beautiful build-
ing lots; streets graded, mnoadamlxed- and
towered; Sutro electrla cars (8utter-st. trans-
fer) pass the property; splendid marine view;
this nlock will face the proposed Park Pan-
handle connecting the Presidio reservation with
Golden Oate Park.
EXTREMELY LOW PRICES/
We consider them the cheapest as well as
the best lots In Richmond.
LYON & HOAO, 114 Montgomery st.
JOSEPH STRAUB"i "
850 Market st., corner Stockton.
' . . Telephone Grant 177.
' Real Estate Agent, <
¦ . Property Bought and Sold.
Rents Collected. ¦
$7,000 — Six flats on Harrison st., near Fourth;
25x86; rent $636 per annum.
$3,800 — New 2-story house ln the Mission, with
store; sun all day.
$12,500- : -Three new flats on Page st., near Ash-
bury: rents $112 60 per month.
$8,600 — Jackson St., near Baker; 3 modern
flats; rents $81 50 per month.
$20,000 — House and lot near Stockton & Sutter.
$20,000 cash, balance on easy terms; a very
good Income producing property of 12
flats aud residence of O rooms: stable;
chicken yard; lot ln rear to build on;
rents $3000 per annum.
$10,000 — Bay-window. house of 3 modern flats;
rents $1000 per annum; lot 27:0x06; on
Scott St., near Geary; worth $12,000.
$3,000— Corner house and lot, 25x133; 8 rooms.
$2,400— Cottage of 6 rooms: well and 10 fruit
trees in rear; lot 25x100; at 26th and
Harrison.
$2,600 — Harrison and Twenty-sixth sts.; corner
lot; 25x100.
$350 — Corner lot near Thirty-fourth and Mis-
sion Bts.; 26x76.
$250 each — Four lots, 25x76; near Thirty-
fourth and Mission sts.
West Berkeley — Corner lot on Bancroft way and
Seventh st. !
$500 — Fourth st., bet. Channing and Bancroft
way; sewered: sidewalk; lot 62x135.
$600 — Lots 22 and 23, Raymond Tract; Ban-
¦ croft way and Eighth st.; 100x100.
$60O<-Lot 22; Mitchell st.. near San Pablo
ave. ; 50x100. ' . .
East Oakland— On Louis St., near Prospect; for
• sale or exchange for city property.
Mill Valley — Cottage of 4 rooms; furnished; lot
126x300; price $2000. '
Campbell, Santa Clara County — Cottage of B
rooms; lot 40x120; price $750.
Shasta County — 640 acres of white oak.
HAWKS & BKELTON, ~~~
Rents Collected and Entire Charge Taken
of Property.
$6500 — O'Farrell-st. investment, nr. Laguna;
rents $50; never vacant; lot Is nearly worth
the price. ¦ '"
$3000 — Pays big Interest; $360 rents per an-
num; Zoe St., near Third and Brannan; ln good
repair. • ' • ¦ •
$3500 — North side Sutter St., between Baker
and Lyon; good house, .7 rooms and bath,
$4000— Lot on Leavenworth St., near Oreen;
60x00;. close to. Hyde or Union st. cars; will
pay well If Improved.
$3000— Lot BE. corner Larkln and Filbert
sts., 41x02; choice site for home or flats.
$.'1100— Lot S, side Chestnut, near Hyde; 27:6
xllO: flne view of bay.
$0500— Lot S. aide Jackson, near Walnut; 60
XUK): nenr care and Presidio.
$40,000 — Investment In this city; 22 acres on
fiopular drive: street cars near by: some build*
nic*; good soil; might bo subdivided now at a
good profit or held for a few years and Increase
grently In value.
HAWKS & SKKLTON, 023 Montgomery st.
E. II. LANOR & CO.. "~~
2u Montgomery et., room 23.
$51,000— Mission St., nr. Fourth; old Improve-
' inents; lot 60x160, to. rear street. ¦•¦• •¦¦•¦
$20,000— Golden Qate ave.,' nr. Laguna;. 4 de-
sirable houses; 7 rooms ami hath each;
rent $140 per month; , lot 70x120, to
rear street.
$10,000— Kills st., nr. (laugh; a houses; rent
$00; lot 66x120, to rear street.
$20,000— Polk at., nr. Pine; 3-stnry frame
building, 2 stores; rent $145; lot 84:0
x88:o., • ¦ . Smlm^iSmSi
$8,750— Oak et.: 2 new mndern flats, 7 rooma
and bath each; will rent for $70 when
completed; lot 25x137:0.
$7,760— Cole St., nr. Frederick; 2 new well,
'built flats, 7 rooms and bath each*
rent $05; lot 25x100. " '
$5,000— Northeast cor. of Stanyan and Carl
sts.;,lot 20x125: desirable for residence
$1,800— Carl St.; lots 25x137:6; street work
complete.
•R. II. LANGE & CO..
20 Montgomery St.. room 23.
$2700— A BEAUTIFUL Broderick-st.'lot; ready
to build on. THE MCCARTHY CO.. 610 Mar-
ket st. ' ¦-. . .¦,... ¦ :
$40.000— MAGNIFICENT Paclflc Heights resi-
• dence: large lot; grand view. THE Mc-
CARTHY CO.. 040 Market st. . .
$S."i00 — PAGE-ST. Investment; double frontaare '
. THE MCCARTHY CO.. eua Market st.
$1100— MISSION' cottage and lot;, easy terms.
THE MCCARTHY CO.. 646 Market St.
FACTORY site and water front on the bay.
THE MCCARTHY CO.. 040 Market st. ,
$300 — LEVEL lot. near cars; $2? cash, $10
per month. THE MCCARTHY. CO.. 646 Mar-
Vket' at. . •:¦:-.-..¦¦.¦¦•¦..¦,¦¦ .-¦ .¦.¦,-.¦•¦. -¦¦,
$25O-4SUNNYSIDE lot; ready to build on;
: clear title. THE MCCARTHY CO.. 646 Mar-
. <ket 'st. . > " ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ ' •..¦-'¦,,".'
IlEAL RSTATK.1-PITY— - FOR SALKJ
SHAINWALD, BUCKBEE & CO.. ¦:
REAL ESTATE. AGENTS, ..
. 218-220 Montgomery st.
¦ We desire to notify the buying public. that
we have a cumber of . flrst-class • Investments
under contract at very low figures. ; Principals
may call and get full particulars.
$35,000 — New modern marine view residence:
laree lot. C5xl27:8Vi feet; hardwood
finish throughout; living room. 17x31
feet; other rooms in proportion.
$10,000 — Southwest corner Bryant and Zoe sts.,
between Third and Fourth; store a'nd
3 flats; rents $81 per month; in good
. condition; lot 25x80 feet.
$10,500— Leavenworth St., near Washington;
flne bay-window residence of 8 rooms
and bath; extra, large lot 45:6x137:6
$3,000 — Vallejo St., near Jones; marine view
property; Improvements rent for
$27 50; lot 34:9x08:9 feet.
$2,500— Hartford st., near Eighteenth; artistic
cottage of 5 rooms and bath: lot 25x
125; one '. of the J prettiest streets in
¦ the Mission. ' •. . • . .
$20,000 — Geary st., near Jones: substantial resl-
. dence of 10 rooms and bath; rents $60;
lot 25x137:6 feet.
$300 a front foot — In sizes to suit;
Franklin et., near California; un-
doubtedly the best residence locality in
the Western Addition.
$11,000— Jackson St., near Polk; flne modern
residence of 12 rooms and bath; would
rent for $95; lot 35x127:8^4 feet; would
make fine location for doctor's offlce
and residence.
$10,000 — New Eastlake residence; Presidio
... h. Heights; grand marine view; 12 rooms
- >'.' and bath; Just' completed; lot 22x
102:8% feet. , .
$3,700— California st., between First and Sec-
ond aves. ; 2-story house, 7 rooms and
bath; hardwood floors; lot 23x02:6 feet.
$3,600 — Washington nt.. near Cherry; grand
marine view; lot 35x118 feet; a posi-
tive bargain. ¦¦ ' • ., \
$45,000— Jones Et., near Turk; lot 55xS2:6 feet;
. ». . frame improvements rent for $170 per
¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ month; further particulars at our of-
flce.
$12,000- r -Washington St., near Webster; modern
• . . •¦¦} residence of -a rooms and bath; beau-
' tifully situated; large lot, 47:6x02:4^
' ' feet.
$14,400 — Sutter st., near Leavenworth; frame
dwelling of 10 rooms and bath; lot
: " 25x68:0 feet; one of the few pieces
for sale on this street at this figure.
$14,000— Devisadero ut., near Broadway; 2 new
. , ' flats, Just finished, 9, 11 > rooms and
;¦¦ •. bath; very latest improvements; lot
; 26:3x110 feet; rent $140.
$5,000 — Market St., near Sanchez; flne lot;
27:8x110 feet. 5
$0,50O— Vallejo St., near Laguna; flne bay-
i . window resldnece of 10 rooms and
bath: very latest improvements; rents
for $42 50; lot 22:0x107:6 feet.
$8,200— Woodward ave., near Fourteenth st. ;
8 modern flats, 6, 7 rooms and bath;
rents $73; lot 26x60 feet; flne Invest-
ment.
$850 — Twenty-flrst nt., near Potrero ave.; a
lot 25x70 feet; all street work done;
this price Is very much' below market
values, , .
$7,250 — Fillmore St., near Sacramento; trans-
fer point; 2-story house of 8 rooms and
bath; rents $50; lot 20x00:6 feet.
$0,500 — Leavenworth et., near Broadway; four
1 2-story houses ln good condition; rente
$54; lot 80xHO feet. ¦ -~
$3,000— Thn cheapest and best building lot In
the Western Addition: north side Clay
St., noar Lyon; 27:0x100 feet.
$6,000 — Callfornla-st. residence of 10 rooms
and bath; rents $50; tenants pay
water; lot 21x100 feet.
$12,500— Grove et., near Larkln; lot 30x120,
•with fine building of store and 3 up-
per floors; icnts $10; 1 block from
. Cltr Hall.
$2,050—3640 Twenty-flrst St.. near Church:
modern artlntlo cottage of 7 rooms and
bnth; large lot 60 feet front by 111
feet; grand view of the city; a positive
Imi-Kiiln; must be sold.
$0,000— Devlsartf ro-st. flats, near Ellis; present
rents $40; could be largely Increased If
a little money was spent on tho build-
ing; lot 26x00 feet; lot alone worth
price nsked for the property.
$760— lilake st., near Point Lobos ave.; lot
.27x120 feet; a bargain.
$150 per front foot: van Nesa-ave. cor-
ner: lot U2:(]xU3 feet; one of the few
corners Mill for sale on this avenue,
$17,000— Mlsslon-at. corner, 110x100 feet; trans-
fer point; nil rented undor lease;
•pUndld buy.
aet a copy ot our printed list of properties
for Mle.
SHAINWALD, BUCKBEE A CO.,
¦'11-220 Montgomery St., Mills hlrtg.
O. D. BALDWIN & SON,
22 Montgomery st.
$23,000- Hyde, near deary; 60xN7:0; just the
place, for apartment house or hotel;
present Improvements rent for about
$24,000— Rents $163 per month; go»d Improve-
ments; cholco business corner, Sflx80;
best business street in the Mission,'
$S,f>00 — Rents $078 per annum; 8 flne flats of
ti, 7 and H rooms and bath each; Jsck-
eon st., Paclflo Heights; a flrst-class
investment.
(2,100 — Corner o,f Francisco and Jones sts.; 5
lots; only 10 eteps from Montgomery
ave.; $2100 for all.
$11, COO — Rests flGsO per annum; 50xso and S
flne 2-story bay-window houses; mod-
wn and up, to date; 'Guerrero, near
Seventeenth st. ; rents should be raised,
$50,000— Rents $5000 per annum; splendid Im-
provements; Inside of Hyde st., near
Butter; large lot.
$45,000 — Fine corner with three frontages, on
Polk St., 250 feet frontage; present
rental $200; can be readily raised;
cheapest piece of inside property on
the market; offered at this low price
to close an estate.
$7,000— Prefidio Heights; NW. corner lot
47:0x110; marine view; very cheap
SEE THIS.
$3,500 — Fine house of 0 rocms and bath; 1617
Sanchez st., near Twenty-ninth; cpen
for insDection; a bargain.
$18,000— Rents $155: 3 handsome splendidly
built new flats of 8 rooms and bath
each; lr.rt'e lot on sunny side of Sut-
. ter st.; fine location.
$880 — Lot 25x75, on Church, near 23d.
51,750—29x75; lots on 17th St., near Diamond;
©n grade and accepted ;• only one block
s from Castro and 18th-6t. cars.
$756^ — J7th, near Douglass; lots 25xS5- 2
frontages.
' $1,100— Lot 25x100. Clement, near Second ave
$2,700 — Reduced from $3000; lot 25x100 on
sunny sld« ot Halght St., near Baker:
cheapest on the Etreet. r
i $1,000— Lots on north line of Geary st.,' west
of Central ave.; 25x100; street work ail
done; cable cars; only 11000 each.
O. D. BALDWIN & SON.
WRIGHT & EWELL,
REAL ESTATE AND FINANCIAL AGENTS
., Loan^ - Insurance..... 316 Montgomery st. '
$115,000— Lot 50x137:6, with brick Improve-
ments, on Powell st., near Ellis. This
property has a great future.
$47,600— South side of Post st, between Tay-
lor and Jones; 70x137:6; wish buyer
. to Improve for first-class tenant-
choice. ' : ¦ '
$60,000— Lot and Improvements; 45:10x137-6-
Mission St., near Beale; pays 6 per
- cent net. . . • •
$16,000 — Four flne modern' flats- on north side
¦-"" "£I °f California st., near Baker.
$12,000— Large lot, 56x127:8%; Pacific ave
near Baker Bt.
$10,600— Fine modern flats on Clay and Pierce
$10,000— Octa via Bt..' near' O'Farrell; lot 80x
110, with flne modern house of 14
rooms and 2 baths; furnace; rents $75
per month; a flne buy.
$6,000— Lot on the corner of Vallejo and
Plerco sta.; C5xl37:6. •
'".'.'.'.'.'.'.'.. .CHOICE' BUILDINa* LOt! .""!.""
26x110 ....'"'
Devlnndero St., adjoining corner of Sacra-
mento; choice neighborhood; cable nnd cloc-
trii cars; accessible from any part of city
Pl»n»e sen nnd make offer; price *4r>n<)
Jt'LlEN SMITH, Real Estate Agent 4%
Montgomery st. ¦
ONLY $2.V>— $LT'O KACH. . ¦' / '
$2B DOWN, $0 AND $10 MONTHLY.
i , BMt P ur . chttB ? ln thl « c 'ty. 60 level bulldlnu
lots; an fenced.
No sradlng. Spring Valley water.
Nenr Mission st. nnd electrlo cars.
, Don't miss seeing them to-day.
wSf u? toTaW|F[ 8t - Ond nr «'' •&
A fl len W i.? m .!!o^jr s S55ayV 450 .™ n -
SOL GJCTJ5 & BROTHER,
Room 64. Chronlcla building. .
$7«H)~:iOxi22:0; east line Mission St.. north o"f
two houses; 17 Harrlion ave.;
rents 7— ¦. ¦
$1600-20x130; north line Seventeenth st be-
tween Noe end Castro, opposite Hartford-
bltumlnlzed: slde-sewered; ea«y terms, . ' '
$500 — 50x70; corner opposite Bernul Helshts
School; easy terms. ¦ * i\-
$800— North line Cassell ave., 25x121 near
Douglass st.; sewered and macadamized'- easy
terms, . . » , ' ,
$150—25x70: west line Anderson st.. near
Blalne; easy terms. . ,. ' .
$200— I'ark lots; north line N st.. near Twen-
ty-second; easy terms.
NICOL, 410 Kearny st. '
CHEAPEST HOMES IN SAN KKANCISCO.
Lovely cottajje of 4 rooms, chicken houses,
etc.; 2 large lots, 25x125 each; near cars; will
Bell for value of .the lots. ' , •-'
Four large lota ready for building; adjoin-
ing lots sold for $150 each;, will sell these for
$90 each. . . . ¦
If you ; have bargains In property to sell, ' or
wish to purchase, call or. write to
THISTLETON. 272 Sadowa Bt., Ocean View
Phone Capi> 2425... .. •.. .• ¦_, ¦
$600—80x130; ON San Jose ave.; must be sold
, 420. Fourth st - - ..: . , 'THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; SUNDAY, MARCH 80, 1902.
38
, .HOUSES FOR SALE.
NEW. house," 7. rooms; sun all day; fine- resi-
dence 'district; Portola et.. off" 1 Waller,: bet.
Pierce and Stelncr.GEO. MOORE. 63 Portola.
. •¦- .. .' ¦'.,". LOST AND, KOUNU. .
LOST— Roll- of -checks and money: orders In-
dorsed by the German General Benevolent So-
.' c!ety;- payments of same have been stopped.
Pleaso return to SCO Geary St.; reward $5.
LOST — March 27, from Dr.' Buzard's dog luw-
: pltal.-.cor.'. Post and' Fillmore „ sts.,' a" black
x-ocker dog. Return to owner, -413 Hyde St.,
. and receive reward. L ¦ v '.
LOST — Friday night, probably >' on \ Hayes-st
cars, . ladies' gold watch, fob chain," lockets,
charmB, scent bottle, etc. ; suitable reward;
no questions. CM. COLE, 1039 Market st.
LOST— Saturday, stamped leather coin purse
containing gold and silver; liberal reward If
returned to Santa Fe freight office. •
LEFT on Oakland train or dropped at mole.
about 3 p. . m., March 23, 1902. a package
. containing legal documents. Suitable re-
. ward upon delivery of same. Box 4580, Call.
LOST — On Stockton or Sutter sts., small pack-
age containing six coffee spoons, with visit-
ing card; liberal reward. Box 4583, Call.
LOST — Black greyhound bitch puppy,- S months'
old, from Mission; reward. 2981 24th St..
LOST — In • Ferry building, diamond studded
watch with brooch attached; -very liberal re-
ward. Return to CAESAR YOUNG, Clare-
mont ave., bet. College and Webster. Berkly.
.WOULD the gentleman in buggy that picke-J
up steel roller on Battery st., between Jack-
son and Pacific, Monday evening, March 21,
be so kind as to return same to McN AB &
SMITH. 205 Davis st. "
IT will pay to "Remember" that the Calif or-
- nla Watch Case Co., 220 Sutter St., needs old
gold and silver to make new watch cases.
~ \ MATRIMONIAL.
MARRIAGE bureau; est. 1887: reliable and
> confidential: lists 10c. Mrs. Herta. 706 Ellis.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized; uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS.. 411 to 415" Powell
et.; tel. Bush 421.
Brass, iron beds; mattresses: pillows; window
fhadps. .T.F. Hotter. 712 Mission: tel. Main 730.
MEDICAL.
A — DR. O'DONNELL. world-renowned speclai-
1st. — Ladles, all who~are elck or In trouble,
consult the specialist on female complaints;
menstrual female - complaints positively cor-
rected; the unfortunate helped; relief In all
rases taken; the most difficult cases treated;
have relieved thousands of most obstinate
cases; free, confidential advice on all subjects
of a. delicate nature. DR. G. W. O'DON-
NELL, office fc residence, 1018 Mkt..' op. 5th.
MRS. D. WYETH — Reliable ladles' specialist;
30 years' experience; .instant relief guaran-
teed; home before and • during confinement;
infants adopted. 410 O Farrell. near Taylor.
LADIES consult the original MP.S. DAVIES
' at the old oTflce. 1228 Market st.; 30 years'
expsrience In obstetric and other cases. '
MRS. D. GOODWIN, ladles', physician; 25
years' successful experience in 8. . F. Ma-
ternlty Home, 900 Market st.. op. 4th: fee low.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market — Reliable ladles'
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
HINDOOHERB and MRS. DAVIES' original
I method of treatment; maternity home; home
In confinement. 1126 Market St.. S. F.
DR. ROSEN, ladies' reliable and Bincere spe-
clallst. 1007% Market; avoid delay; $10.-
FREE medicine for rheumatism sent by mall
to introduce It. 34 Minna, st.
DR. NG TOY KEE, 210 Stockton St.. opposite
Union square: all diseases cured by herbs.
MINES AND MINING.
THE TACOMA COMPANY, Steel Corpora-
tion, of Washington, is "doing things,", as
tho following: dispatch printed in the New
York Commercial of March 15 will testify:
TACOMA, March 14.— About the busiest
place in town is the temporary office of the
Tacoma Company at 742 Pacific ave.
"I wish to say that I am in every way
pleased with ' the way in which the people
of Tacoma are taking hold of and furthering
this enterprise," said President Henry Hew-
itt. "The work Is progressing rapidly and
well — indeed, the stock is being taken much
faster than I had any reason to expect.
Money la coming In rapidly. If the present
pace is kept up we will have $500,000 In tha
treasury and be ready to begin shoveling dirt
by June 1.
SUPPLY OF RAW MATERIAL.
"Have « we secured all the mining prop-
erty wo desire? Yes; that Is. to say, we
have secured ground covering raw material
enough to carry out all the plans of
. the • company. We have iron enough
to | feed all our proposed furnaces for
an indefinite number of years. And the best
of its- kind, too.- The fact In we havo not
only iron ore. but all tho material at hand,
easily and cheaply accessible, for the mak-
ing of Iron. The prospecting and experiment-
Ing stage Is past — we know exactly what
we've got. We have been talking about the
iron deposits of this Northwest for a lon«
time. Ten years ago I did not bslleve In
them, but the conviction has been grow-In*
and now I know because I have seen. - I
have been on the ground and seen the hill
pltrced in all directions — there are Immense
quantities of it.
OUTLOOK FOR PRODUCT.
"What remains Is to turn the ore into pig-
iron. That Is the first step. All things else
in the Iron and steel line will follow. We
have but to pile up iron in the yards hero
and the long procession of industries that
work In that metal will assembles here. Tho
iron will . be ¦ turned into steel and every
ship will carry away some of our finished
products — products ranging from rails to tha
steel framework ot the modern buildings.
More than that — the ships themselves will
be built here, for the steel ship Is the mod-
ern ship. This is not ; a fancy. - We are
aware of the market for manufactured Iron
and steel of every description.. It is a grow-
' ing market. . It is here in the West. The
freight bill saved would Itself appeal to the
average business man. So I say that where
the ' blast furnaces are there likewise will
be the nail factory, the steel works, the
saw factory, and so on down the line, even
'• to steel ship yards.
"The mines? They are principally those
at Texada. There -are not only iron, • but
copper properties, and. besides, limestone.
They were acquired ' at practically nominal
figures, all except the copper mines. • •
LOCATION FOR PLANT.
"With regard to the location of the big
works, I have this to say: These tide flats
out here are the logical location for such an
undertaking. Here is the room we need,
where transportation by ship and rail Is
equally convenient. The great desideratum In
the' manufacture of iron — after you've, got
your ore — is fuel. Here we • have this, per-
haps a little more readily available than at
any other point. I am pleased to say that
we are being met in a spirit calculated to
bring the matter to a epeedy and satisfac-
tory conclusion."
A STRONG COMPANY.' ,
The Tacoma Company has the indorsement
of the biggest mercantile agency in the coun-
try — an agency . that indorsee only after the"
. most rigid investigation.
Tacoma Company shares are offered for a
short time for 12%c cash or 15c on install-
ments. They are being bought by conserva-
tive investors of all classes. There Is a
reason for the . ready sale of these shares,
as anybody may discover for himself by
reading the : prospectus, which, we • will : be
glad to supply on request.
THE AMERICAN GUARANTY AND TRUST
COMPANY.
Hayward bldg.. cor. California and Mont-
gomery sts., San Francisco. Cal.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 105-107 Fremont St.
35 H. P. ECONOMIC return flue portable
• boiler .complete .$300
40 h. p. Heine safety tube boiler. ........ 150
•40 h. p. Atlas engine ."..'225
80x8 feet return tubular -boiler. ..; ; 150
48x16 return tubular boiler.....'. 350
K h. p. upright boiler .................. 75
10,000 feet water pipe, all sizes: belting till
you can't rest. H. B. WHITE. 130-132 Beale.
A — BUYS.'- sells "or rents gear, ¦ machinery. ¦ en-
gines, boilers, water' pipes. - shafting-, pulleys,
etc. WHITEL'AW, 253-255 Spear st.< -
BAR fixtures; big stock; Installments; billiard
and pool tables; easy terms or rented. The
Brunswlck-Balke-Collender Co., 652 Mission.
CIGARS at less than auction prices; reliable
goods; money back if not satisfactory.
- KAIIN & CO., 209 Battery St.. San Francisco.
A— $3 GO Derby and Fedora' hats, $1 75. Popu-
lar P.lce Hatters. 330 Kearny St.. near Pine.
FINE SUITS. $10; dress pants, $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery at
A— SEALSKIN jacket for sale for $05. Port-
land Loan Office, 25 Stockton st.' . '
DOUBLE 'baby, buggy ' for -sale; ' Sunday only.
-1730 Pacific St., West Oakland. .
FOR sale— Irish • spaniel pups. . * 5 Medau place,"
off ": Filbert , and • Dupont. ¦
BARGAIN — 2 good ¦ bicycles, oak bedroom set,
-. chairs, tables and kitchen u ten. 874 Howard.'
COMBINATION safe, 25x24x38,* good order. $33
, - HOAG. 151 . Second . st.
LADIES' . gold wntch and chnln and diamond
. nng for sale. ' Box 4016, Call office.
Sl6"— DOMESTIC sewing machine In good order
.1571 (Market- St., near .Twelfth. . ...
FOR sale— One new fine oak foldtng.bed.' MRS
. A.L. 'WELLS, 415B Third st. : ;"¦%'-
ZITHER, new.42 string*, F. Schwaner's; cost
$143; for sale, $50. 653 Pine Bt. K.Bauske.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
6AKLAXOKEAL ESTAtErj^'
GEORGE W. AUSTIN. '
4U0 Tenth street, Oakland.
$1000 — Cozy cottace of 5 rooms," hot and
cold water, hall, ' porcelain , sink, etc. ; newly
painted and 1 papered; sunny side;- street' work
end walks complete; near cars and • school;
terms If desired; 1743 Filbert : St., near 26th;
go and see It.
$250 In all — Lot on Twenty-eighth st.; sunny y
side and street work a.l done: -west of : San
Pablo avenue.
J Bank sale; monthly - payments to suit ' you ; '
small cash payment; 6 rooms, all modern;
short walk from Adeline station: total $2400.
• - $3750 — Owner awar:' a genuine snap: aiper-
fect little gem of a home; 7 rooms; porcelain
bath, etc.; lawn, stone walks, etc.; choice lo-
cation; strictly residential; $1000 cash will do;
could not be built nicer. . ;/•.'/"
$5000 — Owner in New York; four flats, -5 and
6 rooms each; sunny frontage; within walk. of
Ioc%l station; pays over 11 per cent per annum.
$12,500 — One of the finest residences In Oak- [
land, containing 11 rooms; thoroughly modern
and In first-class condition throughout; heater;
3 large mantels; large reception hall; north
corner; 100x120 feet; sunny all day; choice
home property and very suitable for a site for
elegant flats; would"bring big rentals; present
improvements rent for 5720 per year; only a
few blocks from Broadway; in the very best
part of town.
$3000 — Just completed; "'modern complete
home of 7 rooms, with porcelain sink and tub,
open plumbing, gas fixtures, tinting, etc.; com-
plete in every detail; lot 35x140 feet: 6tone
walks and street work . complete; sunny • side
81st St., close to Grove-street electric cars; go
out to-day and see the owner on the premises.
GEORGE W. AUSTIN, , ..
______^ 460 Tenth street. Oakland.
LOOK THIS UP TO-DAY. ~~~~~ 7 ~~W7~\.
New pretty homes, 5 to 8 rooms; all mod-
ern; prices moderate; vacant 40-foot lots; $S03
to $1000; elevated above the street and includ-
ing street work complete; on Merrlmac . or
Twenty-eighth Bt., between Telegraph ave.
and Grove St.; choicest and cheapest property
in Oakland; close in and. handy to schools
and churches. See W. T. HARRIS on the
premises or GEORGE W. AUSTIN, •
460 Tenth St., Oakland."
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
¦ - Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
' United States or Canada one - year for $1,
postage paid. . ' • '
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
£AKLA^^FURNITCaE^FOR^SALKr
FURNITURK good ana^heap^tms" month. H.
SCHKLLHAAS. 408 Eleventh St.. Oakland.
A Dli.~T~S. HIGGINS, 927 Market St.. Emma
Spreckels bldg. — Painless dentistry at reason-
able prices; pure gold fillings, $1 50; other
Jlllings, $1; gold and porcelain crowns, $5
up; plates, a full set of teeth that look nat-
ural and guaranteed, $5 up.
Painless extraction.
I do first-class work only and guarantee it.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or tilling by my
¦wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years
experience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed;' lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell Bt.
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Market, cor.
4th, r. 7, Flood bldg\ extractions done pain-
lessly; teeth without plates our specialty ;gold
crowns $3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50
up; office hours. 9 a. m. to W p. m.; Sundays,
» to 2. J. W. THATCHER. D.D.S.. Manager.,
EASY Dental Parlors, 6 Turk St., cor. Mason —
Expert painless extractors; skilled operators;
gas given: lady attendant. R. C. ANDER-
SON, D. D. S., proprietor and manager. *
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break:
warranted 20 yrs.: crowns, $3 50: fillings, 60c;
plate*. $6. full set: all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth at.
SEE my new pink ivory plates; see my new
unbreakable bridge: both warranted lifetime;
crowns, $2; fillings, 25c. Dr. Brown. 5t Sixth.
DR.R.L. WALSH, 847 Geary, nr. Larkin— Pain-
leos «xt., 50c; plates $5 up; phone Polk 1135.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 233 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Full Bet of teeth. $4; crowns. $3; fillings. 50c.
DR. K. P. SHEPARD, 14 Geary St. — Expert
workmanship only; reasonable: hours 10 to 4.
MEYER, 40 O 1 Farrell, late of 0 Turk St.—
Crown and bridge work; gas specialist.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. ¦ O.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk et.
~~ EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD' S SCHOOL OF'^L'nCT RICALT'ENCi'l-
NEERING— Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion, laboratory and Bhop work: thoroughly
practical; day and night. 24 Post St., S.F.;
catalogue free. . . ,
AYRES' Leading Business College, 723 Market
— $8 per month; $50 Hie scholarship guaran-
tees a complete bus. education; shorthand,
typing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship,
Kpelllng. Spanish, etc.: experienced teachers;
new typewriters; positions secured; cat. free.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES. 24 POST ST.,
S. F. — Thorough courses ;complete equipment ;
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day and night; catalogue free.
GREGG stenographers write fast; last four stu-
dents tested wrote 192, 202, 205 and 206 words
a minute; we cannot fill the demand for
Gregg writers. S. F. Bus. Col., 1236 Market.
ALL Gregg stenographers secure positions; Si
good positions in March; rapid figures a sps-
' clalty. S. F. Business College, 1236 Market.
A — THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
A — THE official reporters of Supreme Court ad-
vise their friends to attend tho GALLAGHER-
MARSH COLLEGE. Is this advice worth
' following? Life scholarship $50; catalogue.
GOLDEN Gate College. 530 Golden Gate ave.,
San Francisco— One month free to those en-
tering for six months; bookkeeping or short-
hand course; positions soon as qualified.
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallet School, i
. associated * with theatrical agency - * securing I
positions. Alcazar building, 120 O'Farrellst.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec, mlnlng.mech.sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve.; est. 1864. Van
dcr Nalllen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
ACCOUNTING — Most thorough course on coast;
beginners and college ' graduates perfected.
TARR. expert accountant, ¦ 219 Parrott bldg.
CALIFORNIA Business College; most thorough I
modern methods; positions for all graduates;
new eO-page catalogue free. 305 Larkin Bt.
SPANISH, individual instruction . with class
practice, PROF. DOMINGO C. MAYA, 210
Eddy at. , .' . ' - . ¦ . . . .
SPANISH.Freneh,etc.Prof.De Flllppe'sAcademy
of Languages,320Post;estab'd 1371;ablest profs.'
VIOLIN, guitar, mandolin, banjo taught in
class. $1 month. - 1836 Eddy; phone Pine 433.
MARY P. WESTHAUS, piano, mandolin, guitar
lessons, 50e; piano for practice. 39 Fifth st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,"
etc; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mlsslon.nr. 6th.
SHORTHAND taught by mall or personally.
MISS M. G. BARRETT. 302 Montgomery st.
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof. MERKI. good
teacher. 1008 Mission; Instruments selected.
$5 ONLY — Thorough bookkeeping at your home.
Expert, 302 Van Ness ave.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY- and
ILLUSTRATION— Night class. 424 Pine Bt. . >
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St.. S. s F.;
founded 1863; new 80-page/ catalogue free. .
/ s. EBIFLO YSIENT OFFICES.
A — JAPANESE . reliable ¦ house-cleaning, cooks
and waitres furnished at Bhort notice. Geo.'
Kinoshita. 1233 Page, cor. Lyon; tel.Fell 8601.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office —
Best help. 411 V, O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426.-
CHINESE and .Japanese help; eetab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1097. BRADLEY 8c CO.. 040 Clay.
Grand Japanese-Chtn«se Emp. Office, 415 Stock-
ton; tel. Grant 168; expert, reliable help. >
JAPANESE and Chinese best help; cook and
waiter. 421 Post, GEO. AOKI; tel. Bush 135.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 316 Stockton; Main 5188.
JAPANESE - Intelligence Office — Furnish moat
reliable help. 024 Bush St.; tel. 516.
ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese, Chl-
nese help. 426 Powell.nr.Sutteritel.Black B072.
EMPLOYMENT ;,._WAXTED---^jM^L ; B.'
EXCELLENT . laundress wants. work for Mon-
days. . Box 4256. Call office, Oakland. '¦
AN- experienced nurse wishes engagements;
¦urglcal or confinements: reasonable; 'refer-
ence given. Call or ¦ address Ladies' Nurse,
127 Seventh st. , » :
WANTED by. competent woman, position as
. housekeeper f or'fummer resort, • family hotel
or family. Addr&ss box 4094. Call office. :
MILLINERY, done at ladles' homes; own ma-
terial 'Utilized, new furnished; terms, mod-
' crate. Address box 4695, Call office.
W«»MAN wants position for general housework;
good cook and laundress; no.' objections', to
short distance in country. App.y n>r two
iUiy» at 822 Folsom *t.- ¦ ¦ . '¦
SITUATION wanted by a Rlrl Just from
Sweden .to do general ' housework In small
family. - Please call Monday, 320 Lexington
ave;. near Twentieth st. '" /¦
|g^.]^y^^3'-;AY A -'x'TE D—FEJIALE..
RES,PECTABLEi, woman wishes ' "position", aa
« ; housekeeuer or ' take charge ¦ of lunch . house.-
- Call Sunday 34 Sixth st., room 5.' " "
r FIRST-CLASS housekeeper; good worker: first-
. class laundress; can do almost any. kind of
.wash;; strong and willing; work by the day.
Fourth st.;' room 16; v.'ages $1 10.
EXPERIENCED stenographer and typewriter
• desires position;:' salary moderate. Miss S.,
room 14, 1003 Vi Broadway, Oakland. -
WANTED — By young woman of experience,
• position as bookkeeper, assistant bookkeeper
.•or, bill clerk. .Box 4250, Call, Oakland.
RELIABLE woman wishes position as work-
ing housekeeper or general housework in
; , ; 'emall family;', thoroughly competent; flrst-
'; ; class references. Box 4586, Call office.
REFINED French girl wishes a position with
a family going abroad. ' M. C, 702 Van Nesa.
YOUNG woman wishes work by the day; office
or house cleaning. Apply at 344 Fifth st.
POSITION by a respectable German woman as
housekeeper and companion or caretaker;
• city or country. ' Address • box 4258, Call of-
fice, ¦ Oakland.
A YOUNG woman with. a child wants a place
as housekeeper in a widower's family; ref-
erence.. Box 4575, Call. ' ' • V -
GOOD experienced young Japanese girl wants
position to do . housework or to take care of
children. Please call at 3 Mary lane.
WOMAN would like plain sewing to do at
home. 149 Fourth St., room 1. ¦ '
SINGLE lady wants position as housekeeper In
the mountains. Box 4257, Call office, Oakld.
A YOUNG .French pastry cook desires position.
L..N..CC5 Hayes st.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st, near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50
to $6 .week; convenient and respectable; free
bus and baggage to and from ferry.;
WANT ads and subscriptions' taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 639 McAllister st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1000
Valencia st. - . . .
EMPLOYMENT WANTED BIALK.
YOUNG man of 23 years, neat, willing and
obliging, good in penmanship and ' arithmetic
and some knowledge of ' bookkeeping, seeks
employment of any kind; wholesale preferred;
best city references. Address J. K., box 4585,
Call office.
SINGLE, man and sister want positions, care
of farnv ranch or private place, or -some-
thing; experience and reference. ¦ Address
CHARLES DALE, 624 16th St.. Oakland. Cal.
THOROUGH bookkeeper and accountant, hav-
ing a few hours to spare dally, is open to an
engagement; would post and check books ey
the month. Box 45SS, Call office. '
YOUNG man, 29, sober and reliable, quick and
accurate at figures, thorough accountant,
. wants position; salary moderate; best refer-
ences. Address box 4615, Call.
DRAUGHTSMAN, experienced and with good
city references, wants position. C. D.,,box
'4546, Call offlc^ ,
SITUATION wanted by man with experience
and good recommendations as superintendent
or foreman on -construction ,of mountain
roads, ditches, power plants or dams. Box
4606, Call office. . ¦ ¦ ¦ -
SITUATION. wanted by man with best ot ref-
erences to care for summer residence in
f mountains. Box 4C04, Call office.
GARDENER; sober and Industrious German
with years of experience in care (of large
grounds; can run gasoline engine; milking;
: handy with tools; wishes position; good ref-
erences. Box 4606,' Call office.
ACCURATE -bookkeeper wants any clerical po-
sition; shipping, importing and commission
experience; speaks French, Italian, Spanlnsh,
etc.; excellent references; salary moderate.
Box 4600. Call office.
SOBER, reliable married man will pay well
I for. a good • situation. B. J. E., 332 Turk st.
STRONG young man, 22, wants work. Box
• 45»2, Call office. .
YOUNG married couple want positions, private
place, country; good handy couple; man'
about stock or -house; willing people; no
triflsrs. .Box 4553, Call office.
SITUATION wanted by an elderly, clean, sober
German cook In lunch or small boarding
house. Please address box 4548, Call office.
WANTED — Positions by man and wife; wife is'
' a good cook and .experienced in general
v housework: man good driver and thoroughly
understands care of horses; handy man
around private place; city or country. MRS.
PETERSON. 725 Utah st. ¦
A FIRST-CLASS restaurant and merchants'
lunch cook, steady man, would like to get
employment. G35 Minna st.
GOOD barber wants job in smnll country town
anywhere In State. Box 4-119, Call office.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received nt Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1000
Valencia st. '
HORSES AND WAGONS.
JUST arrived, 25 head of large draught horses
for Eale, weighing from 1300 to 1700; also
some bred driving horses; also 1 young Nor-
man atalllon; will be at Sullivan's hay barn
on Mission, above Cortland ave., Sunday,
March 30. • *'
% LOT of horses for sale at Arcade Horse
Market, 327 Sixth St.: also buggies, wagons,
harness, et«. ; auction sales every Wednesday
at 11 a. m. JOHN J. DOYLE, Auctioneer.
CONSTANTLY on hand and for. sale or trade,
well-1-roken carriage, wagon, work and drtv-
S ing horses 'of all grades, sizes and style.
Santa Clara Milk Co., 721-723 Howard st.
SAN Francisco Veterinary College. Fourth ses-
sion begins June 9. Catalogues by applying to
I M. L. PANCOAST. Sec, 510 Golden Gate ave.
FOR sale, Santa Rosa salesyard — Just arrived,
several fine road and i business horses, new
buggies and harness. 1499 Market, cor. 11th.
HORSE, $15; buggy, $15; cart, $7 60; wagon,
$35; single milk wagon, $50; harness, $7 50.
79 City Hall ave.
FOR sale — Young, sound, stylish, light driving
and riding horse. 2018 Polk st. :
A NEWBY top wagon. %iit bakery, laundry or
butcher. Call 319 Third St., in paint shop.
SECOND-HAND business buggy; good as new;
also top buggy. 1370 Turk st.
Largest Btock 2d-hand wagons, buckboard, sur-
rey.harness.work.driving horses. 15th&Valencia
ALL, kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
AN A No. 1' express wagon, eingle: also light :
camping wagon for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
• 16 pages. In wrapper for mailing, $1 per year.
- 11 P.V^ S - -TP- LE ! r> - , , . '
A — PRINTED list houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
SUNNY corner residence In Western Addition;
• 8 rooms, bath; conservatory, grounds, etc.;
"rent reasonable. .VON RHEIN R, E. CO.,
'513 California Bt.
A NEW 90-room house to lease; marine view;
sur.ny : corner. Particulars at room 13, 916
Market st. '—.-¦ ; • ¦ - .
A NIC13 new family hcteLto lease: best part
.of city; sunny sido of street. Particulars 910
Market st., room 18. ,'
SWELL 28 rooms; nice, clean, sunny, down-
Btalrs; half block from Market st. SPECK
• & CO.. 667 Markat st. . " , .
0-ROOM sunny modern house; rent reasonable
to suitable tenant. Apply 1918 Central ave.,
bat. -Sacratnento and California sts. .'
WASHINGTON, 3610. near Central ave. — 12-
room dwelling; sunny exposure; newly deco-
rated and painted: $70.
$11 — SUNNY house 5 rooms;. yard and base-
ment. Key 2228 Geary st. .
HOUSES 'TO LET — FDRNISHEP.
I HAVE [several nicely furnished houses and
• flats to let; get my list.— F. B. 8URRYHNB,
¦ , 188 Montgomery st .
FURNISHED. houso 8 rooma.and bath; rent
S20; furniture for sale cheap to tenant. .672
. HarrlEon st. . . ¦ ¦
SUNNY, nicely . furnished 8-room cottage:
piano. ,.s 1475 Sacramento,' near Hyde street;
cars handy. .
FURNISHED house 7 rooms and bath, $50 per
month. ¦ 842 Capp wt. '
HOUSES WAXfED--FURNISnED. '
WANTED— Furnished house anywhere between
., Redwood and * Palo ¦ Alto . from . June to Sep-
tember; must have at least flv<» bedrooms, two
baths, laundry and stable. Apply box 4601,
• .. Call office. -:¦¦;¦', ¦ • ¦ ¦ -
\ SUBURBAN FUUNISHEDJllOUSES.V
CAMP MEEKER,' Senoma County— Furnished
.Cottage of 5. rooms; fine view." Apply R.R.
V VAIL. 110 California Bt. ,
A BUILDING. of 25 ."or 30, rooms; in perfect
condition ; . suitable ' for a gentleman's apart-
ment house; mutft be centrally- located; .In
¦ good neighborhood and ' thoroughly , renuect-
able.: Box 4612. Call office. .¦-..-
LADY Wants charge house fcr summer during
, owner's absence; pay nominal rent; reference.
Box 4587, Call office.
ailSCKLLAyEOrS FOR SALE— Con.
VALUABLE stamp "collect'on. about 3000
stamps,- very " fine •' exemplars, to ; sell, vox
4561; Call. - ' '
THE firm of Uncle Harris has retired from
' business. ''¦'¦' "
FOR second-hand machinery, engines and boilers
go y> D.J.McMasters,SE.cor.2nd and Brannan.
FROM COCO to 10,000 feet of 3 and ZYt inch
pipe. E. RILEY, 100 Vallejo st. '
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
- price. 5C3 Mission st.. bet. 1st and -d sts.
1ST-CLASS 2d-hand modern.englnes and boilers
bought, sold. Krogh Mfg. Co., 5.10 Market.
BOATS, launches, rowboats carried in stock.
BAKER & HAMILTON. '
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters (all
makes). ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montg y.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pic-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st. _
NEW Home and Domestic sewing machine ;
good order; complete: cheap. 191«> Mission.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2d-hand
and launches. J. E. DOAK. 300 Mission st.
ENGINES and boilers: second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE. 139 Beale st.
SAFES— New and second handr THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
~ MISCELLANEOUS WAXTS.
BIG prices paid for sealskin coats; also gents'
full dress and Tuxedo suits. Portland Loan
Office. 25 Stockton gt.; phone Bush 484.
WANTED— A good upright piano; must be
very cheap for cash. Address Upright, box
4610. Call office. •
CHEAP soda fountain: give description and
price. Address H., care Carrier No. 1. Val-
lejo, Cal. ;
I WILL pay good cash prices for old seal-
skins; seed postal; will call. Box 4337. Call.
WANTED— Basement with baker's oven. Box
4572, Call. -
Wanted — 2d-hand electric motors, all sizes, any
condition. Fam8worthElectricalWks.,418Turk.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
. theatrical goods. 154 Oth st. ; tel. Jesale 2851.
BIOKEY TO LOAN.
A^HE^M^ST^ultP^YT^bT^oa^xamm^rTBdg
..$4,500,000 at Lowest Rates
' ......On First and Second Mortgages...'...
On Life Interests in Estates
Property Being Held in Trust......
Undivided Interests in Real Estate
' Life Insurance Policies; Estates in Probate;
Financial Problems of all sorts and sizes.
.•. IF YOU NEED MONEY
See HERMAN MURPHY. 601-602 Examiner.
AA— MANHATTAN LOAN CO. (Inc.)
$300,000 at 5% and tf per cent in sums to suit;
City, Oakland. Town and Country property;
second mortgages, life insurance and securi-
ties; loans on unsettled estates, undivided in-
terests In real estate and legacies; will pur-
chase above securities. Manhattan Loan Co..
Tel. Red 5024: 7th flocTr, Crocker building.
ANY AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT.-
First, second and third mortgages
Undivided interest in real estate In probate..
Mortgages and legacies bought; no delay....
Get my terms before doing business elsewhere
R. McCOLGAN
24 Montgomery St.. room 3
ANY proposition, any amount: 0 per cent: first,
second and third mortcages. estates In pro-
bate, interest in estates, legacies, undivided
Interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile Interests, corporation loans. Room K
1st floor. Chronicle big. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
MUNICIPAL Loan Office. 103 Grant ave., near
Geary St.; phone Red 1603.
HIGHLY resoectable private place to obcalo
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at
lowest rate*. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 841
Market st.: tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos: no removal:
lowest rate: private, confidential. ORMSBY.
26 Montgomery St., room 7, opp. Lick House.
$500,000 AT 6 per cent. In sums to suit in city;
$150,CC0 on large ranches at fair rates: sec-
onq — torttfa. R. J. Mercer & Son. 412 Pine.
ON real estate, 1st or 2nd mortgages and on fur-
niture or pianos: no removal; any amount:
lowest rates. BECKER. 36 Geary st.. room 39.
A PRIVATE party loans any amount on furni-
ture, pianos: no removal: low rates: conftden-
tlal. WHITEHEAD (Wilson's). 1710 Market.
S. F. DISCOUNT AGENCY— Loans to salaried
people on their note.
THE TOUSLEY CO 143 Phelan bldg.
ON furniture, planoa: no removal; money
quick; lowest Interest: easy terms; no broker-
aye; reliable party. 1170 Market st.. room 63.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc., by private
party; no removal: no commission: confiden-
tial. Room :i. Conservatory bid*.. 301 Jones.
ELFVINO. 616 Examiner big. ; loans on pianos,
furniture, etc., at 2% without removal: no
brokerage charged; confidential; open eves.
i Private party; confidential: lowest rates; pianos
& furniture: no removal. Garthe!s, 203 Post.
$10 UP on furniture, pianos: no com.: private
party. St. Ann's bldg.. u Eddy, rm. 72. 4th fir.
ONE per cent on furniture: $5 a month on each
$1000; any security. 302 Montgomery St.. r. L
Money loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, r. 44. Merchants' Exc, 431 California.
CASH loan.-yi salaried people on note without
lndorser. -MORRELL. COO Examiner bldg.
8% ON furniture and pianos; $15 up; no re-
moval. Phone Black 1700. Room 81. 0 Eddy.
ON furniture, pianos: lowest rate; no removal;
strictly private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
IF' you want a home I will loan you money to
buy.lt. A. E. RUDELL. 222 Sansome st.
LOANS money on salary! no indorses:: Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. 300 Phelan bldg.
- MO.VEY WANTED.
WANT $1000 at 12 per cent; no agents; coun-
try town security. C. C. P.. box 4596. Call.
"WANTED — To borrow $1500 at 7 per cent;
real estate security. Box 4590. : Call. "*
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS. "
SPECfAirpiANO*SNAPS l5fuSKD~PIAN*ds."
1 Hallett & Davis... $35
1 McNeil 45
1 Dunham SO
2 Symphony ,... ...$C5 and 75
1 Alien 75
1 Decker Bros-. ,. 100
1 Chickerlng 100
1 Stetnway , 125
1 Weber 125
1 Dunham : ">U
1 Biddle .' 175
1 Richmond 200
- 1 Spielmann- 250
1 Hamilton 275
i Lester 325
1 Byron Mauzy 375
1 Sohmer 4'hi
1 Steinway Concert Grand 400
1 Sohmer Concert Crand 450
1 Electric Piano 500
The above planes are. all in excellent con-
dition. Easy terms if desired. BYRON
MAUZY. 308-310-312 Post st.
A — SPECIAL sale and special discounts on 100
standard makes including: 1 Knabe. $9S;
1 Haynes, $190; 1 Conover, $215; 2 Chlcker-
ing, $185; 1 Heine. $200; 4 Steinway, $185.
Rents. $2 up; Installments, $3 up. Over 5000
Heine Pianos are in use In San Francisco,
and not one can be had outside of the com-
•- pany's warerooms. All the leading musi-
cians use and Indorse the Heine Piano.
Come soon; sale will ol.cse on completion o*
, .the new Heine Hall. 235-237 Geary st.
ALTHOUGH many seemingly advantageous
propositions, are offered in the way of prices
and terms upon. pianos, please bear In mind
that we can not only duplicate them, but can
offer exceptionally fine pianos and largest
assortment of best makes to choose from.
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. Stslnway dealers.
cor. Kearny and Sutter sts.. S. F.; Broad-
way and Thirteenth - sts.. ¦ Oakland. ¦
A GOOD piano Is a source of constant delight
and no one can afford to ceny. himself or the
family such a pleasure when a piano can be
secured from us so low and upon such easy
terms. Our stock embraces the Decker &
• Son, Wlssner. Baumelster and Stodard. THE
ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 76S Market st.
ATTENTION. BARGAIN-HUNTERS— ~
\ Second-hand upright plaqos from $55 up.
Second-hand square pianos from $50 up.
Second-hand organs from $25 up; new upright
_¦ pianos from $175 up. BENJ. CURTAZ A
SON, 16 to 20 O'Farrell. - Chlckering, Mason
and -Hamlln. Vose, Sterling pianos. .
, ANY piano sold by us taken back 'any tints
within 2 years . and ¦ full purchase price al-
lowed on a new : peerless Knabe. at regular
. price ;¦ costs you only 20c a day to buy a
¦ piano ' from us. • KOHLER & CHASK 30
O'Farrell st. ; established 1850.
DEALERS, big profits saved : on unredeemed
pianos; selling for storage and advances; u D .
., rights. ,$37 up (wonderful).-. WILSON'S Stor-
age. 1710 Market st. ¦ . , , ,.-
LUDWIO pianos— Most popular of all. For gale
only by the. Wiley B. Allen Co.. 031 Market
st.,- San Francisco. . Agents Chase & Baker
piano players.'
EOHMEU & CO. pianos; Byron Mauzy pUncs-
Lester pianos: Spielmann planoa; Cecillan
perfect • piano player; - pipe organs. 308. 310
/' S12 Post st. ¦. . ¦ ,.'
fcMALL upright.' $35: large cabinet grand u>
; right, : $100: ftquare . piano?. $35 up; a fi
Cameron, .walnut case, almost s new V>7s"
Bowers & Son. 23 Cth St.. Ivers A Pond aits."
UPRIGHT piano, $100; splendid bargain- bast
renting pianos. In city for $3 Mr month
6COTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO.. BeO Hayes st! ¦
$225— A 3-pedal new upright piano; leavl-v* the
. city: must sell. Box 45tiS, Call office, v
PARTY going to locate In London must sacri-
. flee handsome upright ' piano. 811 O'Farrell.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS— -Con.
WE offer for one week 12 beautiful pianos nt
bargain prices" from $Kup. F. W. SPEN-
CER & CO.. corner Sutter and Powell st».
FOR sale-r-Brand new Steinway baby grand
• piano at' specially low figure; reasons for »<-il-
ing, obliged to lgavo the city. Box -1579. Call.
.ELEGANT -uprisht Fischer piano for sale
cheap; cash. Box 4584, Call office.
w LEADING pianos. Steinway, Ohlckerln*.
Weber, other makes, al FAY'S. 1720 Mission.
BARGAIN, great sacrifice; '£ uprights, nearly
new. JOS. SCHMITa & CO.. 16 McAllister.
SUPERIOR violins. *itners. old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham placg.
OKKICKS AND STOKK.H TO 1.1S1.
A MODERN^corner basement, opposite Hall of
Justice. Merchant and- Kcarny; high, well
ventilated; two entrances; 40x85; cement
floor; suitable for bowling alley, storereon i
or bttsinesa. .
DESKROOM cheap: fine snnny office: attend-
ant; private phone. 727 Emma Spreckela bldar.
Large store with baset.. front. Clay-Merchant.
above Montgomery: lease. Keys 63tt Clay.r.l.
/ OIL.
OIL tanks. 2nd-hand. In good order; all sizes;
cheap. H. B. WHITE. 130-132 Beale st.
PERSONALS. _'
WHAT the people say of DR. MOORE'S Hair
GOOd'tEMPLARS' ORPHAN HOME. Val-
lCjo. CaL, March 4. 1002.
Dr. G. S. Moore, 352 O'Farrell St., San
Francisco— Dear Doctor: Please send three
bottles of your hair restorer. I have used
two^ bottles and I find It the best remedy I
have ever used, and I think I have tried al-
most everything I have heard of ! and never
found anything that wottld stop it from fall- -
Ing. Your remedy stopped it from falling
and I am astonished to see how thick the
new hair is all over my head with the two
bottles. I do not think I will need more than
the present order, but I shall try and keep
some on hand to. clean my scalp with. My
head never felt so well as now. Yours truly,
GEORGE BUNNER.
Try Dr. Moore's Walnut Stain for gray
and faded hair. Send for circular. Prepara-
tions sent to all parts of the world. __.
DR. E. E. McLEAN, hair physician, at the re-
quest of many of her lady patients,, has added
to her establishment a graduate masseuse.
Miss J. Olsen. late of Dr. G. . Richardson of
Boston, whose system of facial massage Is
entirely new here. Miss Olsen can be consult-
ed at DR. McLEAN'S offices dally, from 10
to 4, rooms 201 to 215, 2d floor. Call bldg.
AN ABSOLUTE FACT—
Down to the minute tailor made suit, $33,
for $20; you might not believe It, but that hi
what our $20 suits will demonstrate to even
a poor judgo of good tailoring. MASTEN,
701/Geary st. '
ABOUT 1 your haijr — To restore gray and faded
hair to natural color, cure dandruff, stop fall-
Ing and grow new hair. The Star Hair. Rem-
edy Is superior to all other tonics and restora-
tives. It is clean and healthful, is not gummy
or sticky; no grease, no stain; never falls.
Sold by druggists, hairdressers or our office,
385 Geary St.. The Star Remedy Co.
I WANT two more parties to go to Alaska,
where I made a good strike last summers
must have at least $400 to defray your ex-
penses. For particulars address CH AS. R.
KAISER, Hotel Chicago. West Berkeley. Cal.
EVERYBODY says, Mr. Lederer, your hair
dressing la the best in the city and you
only charge 25c; shampooing, 60c; hair diled
In 10 minutes; manicuring 23c G. LED-
ERER. 123 Stockton st. '
MINIATURE! Portrait Co., 374 Sutter st. S.
TV ; photo buttons and jewelry for photog-
raphers our specialty; prices reduced; valua-
ble premiums each month to every customer;
illustrated catalogue free.
AN elegant line of remnants for suits to order.
$15; with these suits we make an extra pair
cf pants free of charge; other suits on install-
ments. $1 weekly. L. LEMOS. 1117 Market
St.. between Seventh and Eighth.
WANTED — A man posted on Eastern lumber
and Ehlngla business with $25,U00 capital to
purchase a complete shingle and finishing
plant on HumboMt Bay. Address N. H.
PINE. Eureka. Cal. f
ECZEMA cured — Dr. Parlow's famous carbo-
llne gives instant relief and absolutely cures
eczema; price $1 a Jar. Druggists or Parlow
Remedy Co., 84 Kearny st.
WHY guess? You can be certain of style and,
fit by using Standard Patterns. April pat-
terns and The Designer now ready. J. W.
EVANS. Domestic office. 1021 Market, nr. 6th.
ELECTRIC light in every room — Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Market; 70O rooms;
25c to $1 CO per night: $1 60 to $6 per week:
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
1CAO caroets wove to order and for sala; also
chrnllle-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer In
' carpet twine, in hanlc or chain, at lowasi
rates. Geo. Matthews. 700 Fifth. Oakland.
TRY Just once Stlmson's Magic Washing Ccm-
pound: saves clothes and rubbing; positively
harmless; free sample cake. STIMSON A
CO.. 151)0 Post St.; agents wanted.
ECZEMA cured — Dr. Farlow's famous carbo-
llne gives Instant relief and aboslutely cure*
eczema; price $1 a Jar. Druggists or Parlow
Remedy Co., 34 Kearny it.
A— WHAT do you think? O. BERMAN, 4S
Ellis, makes colored shirts to order; $1 each;
¦ame as white shirts: selection 500 patterns.
YOUR fortune told from, cradle to grave: send
dime and blrthdate. PROF. J. iIYER3,
Drawer 704. Chicago. -. ,; ••
WANTED — Whereabouts <rf EDWARD ~ll
HAMILTON, recently of Seattle. Wash. Ad-
dresa P. O. box 864. Uklah. Cal.
ECZEMA, dandruff, falling hair and itching
j scalp cured: hair grown, gray restored. MRS.
E. R. DUNLAP. 34 Kearny at.
MONEY loaned at low interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
WHITE enamel Iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double, $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTUJO
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton st., near Broadway.
Electrolytic removal of moles and superfluous)
hair; permanent; painless; free treatment;
work guaranteed. Miss C Dudley. 1702 Mkt.
A sckcol to learn halrdressing, hair work, man-
icuring. Manhattan Hair Store. 1702 Market.
bet. Polk and Van Ness. MI3S A.V. DOYLE.
ECZEMA, dandruff, falling hair and Itching
scalp cured: hair grown, gray restored. MRS
E. R, DUNLAP. 34 Kearny st _*
AT less than cost, uncalled-tor suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS', London
tailor. 721 Market st.
SUITS to order on Installments. $1 per week
NEUHAUS .& CO., merchant tailors. 115
Kearny st. .
PRIVATE .detective work; reasonable rates- 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY. 457 Minna it.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
Hectrie needle. MISS EATON. 1113 Sutter st.
A — IF your hair is falling or you are bald call on,
Dr. G. S.Moore.332Q'FarTeU ; send for circular.
ELECTRIC needle specialists; superfluous hair
& moles destroyed. Mrs. H. Eaton, 427 Sutter.
Mrs. Brigjrs— Superfluous hair, moles destroyed
by electricity. 1719 Buchanan; tel. West 259.
Masquerade costumes at H. Anderson's, theatri-
cal costnmer. 26 O'Farrell; country orders.
Electric & electric-light baths, massage hot air
treatment for rheumatis— i.etc. 233 Geary.r.27.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles removed by
electric needle.Dr.&Mr».Traverse.ll70 Marke t.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna: restores gray
hair to lta natural color: $1; at all druggists.
ONE MINUTE TOOTH-ACHE DROPS CURB
Instantly: 10c and 25c. All druggists.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wlys-
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
DR/LAMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINT, the
bf«t corn cure. 25c; all druggists. ¦
__j3^NTER9^AXD^pE : COn.ATORS.
Rooms papered $3 up: painting & tlntlnjr don».
\ Hartman Paint Co.. 310 3d st.;.tel. Red 3521.
FI «? S £P jASS work: >ow rates; get figure.-.. J.
C. ROMA1NE. C40 O. O. avf, : %1. Polk 142--;.
. . rALMISTRY. /
MRS. E. PEARCE. sclentufc~buslrIesTValinTstr
parlors 14% and 15. The Vendome., 1104 Mar-
ket st. ; hours from 10 a. m. to 0 p. m. ;
horoscopes cast by mall. $1. •
MME. O. L. NEERGAARD reads 1 to 4. 700
Post St.. corner of Jones: phone Polk 8.57.
H. JEROME FOSELL1. Helen t We palmist. 615
Taylor »t.. bet. n*»ry and Po«t:tel. Black am.
rHYSICIAXS AXD SIRGKOS3.
-
AN established paylnR nr»d!cal specialist busi-
ness for sale at a bargain: only small capital;
required; clearing over ¦ $.".000 a year: name,
lease, good will, furniture, fixtures, etc. all
go: the fullest opportunity wi-jj be prlven for
Investigation to thoso who mean buslne**;
satisfactory reason for selling. Box 451 1. Call.
. RUPTURE and piles cured; no pay until cured:
no operation; no detention from business: ail
private diseases treated successfully; consul.
tatlon free. Dra. Forden & Purterfleid. ft Turk.
i A— DR. OLIVE ORUVER. lady physician and
surgeon, at 4S4 Vatencta St.; hours in to a.
• DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence,
1021*a Market st., bet. Sixth and Siventh.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
v - • _
HERE'S OUR OFFER:
Lovely homes; best locations: easy terms;
choice property at 25 per cent reduction to be
cold this week. Bargains Id ell parts of A!a-
rot da at all prices. Lock over the following.
Then call and see us.
1 HOMES.
60x150. enly $450 5-room cottage.. $1000
:»xl00. onlj- $600 6-room cottage. .$1500
C2xl50. only $050 6-room, 2-story. .$1500
4<5xl4S. only ?850 «-room, 2-story-.$1650
!k(Hx150, cor.,only $0£r. 7-room cottage. .$1850
40x100. only $800 C-room. 2J*tory..$2300
f.Osir.0. only $1450 7-room cottage. .$2450
IiCxlOO. only SI 050 S-room. 2-story.-$2500
BOxiW). only S1250 7-room. 2-story.. $-'*000
rOxlSO. only $1500 8-room, 2-story.. $3500
Xi0xl50. only $425 10-room. 2-story.. $4500
All the above are very The above Include
desirable building lots nice-sized lots, all sit-
in the best streets and uatcd in desirable parts
avenues in Alameda. of Alameda. See us.
All centrally located, we can save you money.
Homes Built, Rented and Exchanged.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY.
1500 Park Et., Alameda.
Office open Sundays and Evenings.
$1250— A L0-FOOT lot on Santa Clara ave.
$1160 — Nice cottage, contains 6 rooms and
bath; lot 27x130; a snap.
$1250—6 rooms and bath cottage; lot S7:0x
100: a bargain.
$2500 — Modern 6-room cottage; sunny side of
street; high basement; this Is an elegant piece
of property.
$37S0 — Almost new cottSLge, 6 rooms; modern
In every particular; lot C0x207:6.
Building lots a specialty.
Office open Sundays and evenings.
HAMMOND it HAMMOND,
2326 Santa Clara, ave., Alameda.
CALL and eee the Alameda Land Company.
Great bargains offered this week. $2150
buys a new modern C-room cottage; lot 4 Ox
120; a snap. Will build, rent and sell you
' on easy terms.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY.
1500 Park gt-. Alameda. Tel. Grand 148L
42400 WILL build new modern cottaxe of 5
rooms; Santa. Cl&ra ave., near Sherman st. ;
lot 87:6x120. J. H. YOUNG, Builder. 124$
Park rt.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY HEAL ESTATE.
ALLEN'S LIST.
Convenient to the University.
$425— Good lot; 40x125; 2Vi blocks from U. C.
1575— Large lot: paved street; east of Grove.
5*75 — Corner lot; 45x100; sightly; east of
Grove Includes all street work.
$1050— Sightly comer lot; east of Ehattuck;
¦ paved streets; 3 blocks of Berryman.
11100 — Sightly west front lot In Hlllegass Tract.
$1550— Elegant corner lot; choice location.
(1500 — Nice 60 foot lot; east of Shattuck, north
of Haste.
1 2500 — Choice lot; most elegant location.
$2250— Six-room cottage; large lot; all street
work.
$3000— Hew 8-room bouse; large lot; paved
street.
$3500— New 8-room house: fine location.
$3750— Good 9-room house; nice location.
$4650 — Nice 12-room house nearly new; close in.
$4750 — Elegant 9-room house; handsome
grounds; nice location.
$5500— Large 9-room houee; large lot; fine lo-
cation.
$6000 — Very nice 9-room bouse; strictly cheio*
location.
$7500 — Nice 12-room house; elegant location; lot
85x120.
LYMAN ALLEN.
2123 Center et.. Berkeley, CaJ.
E. J. STEWART & CO..
1008 Broad— ay, Oakland.
$2500 — Easy terms or liberal discount for
cash; fine, modern 2-Etory house of 8 rooms,
bath, laundry; lot 40x135 feet; street work
all done; situate between Telegraph anS Col-
lege aves.; fine view.
Lots for sale In the Bateman Tract, la
CJaremcnt District; choicest and finest resi-
dence locality; view superb; climate perfect;
one block from Telegraph-ave. car line;' one
block from propos-ed College-ave. car line; lots
40x120 feet; Etreet work all done; price $600;'
only a limited number of lots at present ptices.
Fine business block In the central part of
Berkeley, located on Center >t.. 200 feet from
the new Postofflce buiMing; lot AlxlOO feet; 4
etores and a hall: property leased for & years
at a monthly rental of $120; property on this
etreet has sold for $700 p«r front foot within
the last month; this Is a snap. Call at once.
E. J. STEWART & CO..
1OO8 Broedwajr. Oakland.
flOOO— $300 CASH, balance $12 per month; fin*
corner lot; street work all done one way; 5
rooms and bath, v.indmlll and tank; 1 block
to station and electric cars. W. C. MORAN
A- CO.
$1000— $200 CASH, balance $lf per month; new
S-room cottage; large lot. W. C. MORAN
&, CO. -
$2100— NEW 5-room cottage; fine mantel and
sideboard; slicing doors; tinted walls; fine g%s
tortures; stationary tubs;. S-foot basement:
2 foot cement foundation; lot 45x100; fine
neighborhood; 1 him k to school, churchec,
e'eres, train and electric cars; only $200 cash,
balance $20 per month. \V. C. MORAN
_i CO.
$4000 — NEW 6-room cottage aad barn; 1 acre
of land; fruit trees and In a fine part ot
Berkeley. W. C. MORAN * CO.. Lorin sta-
tion, and Schmidt Dlock, Berkeley.
BERKELEY SNAPS. «
$300 — Lot 40x135; street sewered; near school-
ho*jse.
$550 — Corner lot. 50x135; street work done in
front; a snap.
$C50 — Lot 40x135; street work done; Jj block
depot: worth $SSO.
$750 — Lot 40x100; Rose St., near Walnut; near
cars.
$1250— Corner lot; on Rose and Oxford; faces
south.
91400 — Lot on Hllgard ave.: In Scenic Park;
near collece.
$3000 — Sightly comer lot In the Wheeler Tract:
etreet work done both sides ; 100x110; a
big snap.
$1550— Lot on Kuclld ave.. near college. Ceil
and aee our bargains.
MAY & MORTIMER.
> 2123 Center St.. Berkeley.
A HANDSOME 2-story house of 7 large rooms,
thoroughly ud to date; electric lisht and
gas fixtures; street work all done; cement
•walks about place; near etatlon and in fine
neighborhood; must be eeen to be fully ap-
' predated; price $2750; very easy terms.
HOME REALTY CO..
• Lorin Station.
GOOD 6-room hteh basement cottage; brick
f conflation, wooden mantel, china closst. etc. ;
convenient to station, stores, etc.; large lot,
fenced and cross fenced; windmill and
i tank; a fine borne; price $1300; $100 dawn,
balance camt as rent.
HOME- REALTY CO..
t Lorin Station.
1 12.C00 — A FTNT5 business corner; 60x110; rents
for $S5 monthly. JOSEPH J. MASON Real
' Eetai*. Berkeley Station.
$000— A BO-FOOT lot In the Hille^ass Tract;
etreet work all done. JOSEPH J. MASON.
Real Eetate. Berkeley Station. -
ONLY $5500 — 2-story house' of 8 rooms; Sot
7f;xl35; street work all dore; near the sta-
tion: a bargain. JOSEPH J. MASON Real
' Estate. Berkeley Station.
AT North Berkeley: house of 5 rooms; corner
lot: only $1400. JOSEPH J. MASON. Real
Estate. Berkeley Station.
WO. 307. $4500 — S-room house; lot 60x135; new"
dining-room finished In oak; plate glass In
windows.
No. 288, $4700 — 11-room house; near unt-
1 vcrslty grounds; east of Telegraph ave.; bar-
gain.
No. 306, $4600 — Large rooming-house; close
m town; email cash payment; balance like
rert.
No. 102, $3S00 — 7-room house; 2 blocks
from depot; new; south front: special. -
S. S. QUACKENBUSH,
Opp. 1st National Bank. Berkeley Station.
IN SOUTHWEST BERKELEY^
Elegant residence of 10 rooms, with 'very
convenience; built for a home regardless of
expense; plate glare throughout; beautiful
prounds, comprising C lots; magnificent view
from every window- ; house faces the end of
an SO-loot avenue, giving an unobstructed view
of the Golden Gate; best of reasons for selling;
place cott when everything was cheap $14,000'
will sell for J3500.
J. Jl. MecGREGOR.
• P. O. gliding. Golden Gate.
J2300 — NEAR Golden Gate Station; new hcuse
of 6 rooms; everything modern and complete •
let 40x100; 6outh frant. J. U. MacGREGOR
P. O. bldg.. Golden Gate.
NEW 6-room cottage; bath, mantel basement-
severed; corner lot. 40x100; Goldea Gate
$1700 — $500 cash, balance monthly; <4-rocm
cottage, bath; street work done; city water:
6ewered: lot 50x130; Ashby ave., near Berkeley
train.
$1750 — $550 cash, balance flat loan. Pacific
Home Building Company. 33 Nevada block
San Francisco. - '
$2500 — BRAND new colonial home of 7 room's-
complete Jn every detail; Tot 40x115 feet"
handy to the train: S300 down and $25 ner
month. CEORGE W. AUSTIN
•' 480 Tenth Et.. Oakland.
A THOROUGHLY well built house of 11 rooms
- ' bath, «tc. on the sunny side of street and
near the university and head seminary lot
100x130; a gentleman's home. JOS. J Mi.
SON. Real E=late. Berkeley Station.
COTTAGE of 7 rooms and bath; high base-
— lent; cap- payments. MURDOCK, 614 Pine.
CHEAPEST and best In America — The Weekly
Call. 1C pages, sect to any acdro* In the
United States or Canada nn^ yrar for $1.
LET.
FOR rent — Houre of R handaome rooms; Jusi
feuUt; zxe&r V. C. 2437 WorrlEf su .
FRUITYALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRPITVALia REAL ESTATE.
H. A. PLEITNER, Frultvale Station. Cal.
$150 — Choice lot, 60x108. fronting on mac-
adamized etreet; three blocks from electric
cars. ::• * '• - ¦
$375— House of 2 large rooms: chicken house;
10 fruit trees; lot 50x130; one block from elec-
tric cars. • - ¦
$750 — Cozy cottage of 3 rooms. - stable .and
thicken house; city water; lot 75x100; two
blocks from ¦ electric cars; easy terms if de-
eired.
$850 — Cottage of 4 rooms; hard finished; ran-
try and closets; 7-foot basement and good brick
foundation; fine well and pump; chicken house,
etc.; lot 81x108; all fenced.
$900 — For sale In East Oakland: houee of 4
rooms and attic; 2'J fruit trees in bearing; good
well, greenhouse; street work all done; only 3
blocks fiora local station; this property must
be sold as owner Is going to Europe.
$1200 — Two acres of rich soli fronting on
High st.; choice location; only one block from
electric cars.
$1650 — Good house of 6 rooms and bath,'
ctable, chicken houses, etc.; lot 41:6x111; enly
10 minutes' walk from Fruitvale station. |
$2200 — New modern cottage of 5 rooms and
bath; hall; high basement and all mod-em
improvements; fruit trees, etc.; lot 72:0x3vT0;
all fenced and cross fenced; fronting on stain
county road. |
A new home for $2000 on easy terms; $800
cash, $28 monthly; pretty colonial style hcuse
of 6 rooms and basement; large hall: fine Lrlck
mantel; open plumbing; porcelain bath; tiled
sink; stationary tubs; rooms beautifully tinted
and frescoed: lot 60x157; all fenced; located in
the choicest part of Frultvale: handy to schools,
churches and within walking distance of local
train. For particulars apply to H. A. PLEIT-
NER, Frultvale Station. Cal. ¦ '. ,
$1750 — S-ROOM house, bath, hot and cold
water, washstand, wash trays and good
basement; lot 25x140; close to station in
East Oakland; street work done.
$1700 — 7-room house, bath, hot and cold
water, well and fine view; street macadam-
ized.
$1800 — C-room cottage, bath, hot and cold
water, fine mantel, good basement and wash
trays; lot 50x125, with an alley; 3 blocks
from Frultvale station. * ;
$1800 — 6-room cottage, stable, chicken-
house and all kinds of bearing fruit and
small fruits; lot 140x150; street sewered..
$1400 — 5-room cottage bath mantel, good
basement; lot 27x100; street macadamized; 2
blocks from Twenty-third-ave. station.
$5500—3 acres finely Improved, with fruit
trees In bearing; good 5-room cottage, stable,
•windmill and tank; water piped through
house and grounds; fine view; about three-
quarters of a mile from Fruitvale station.
$1250 — 5-rocm cottage, with bath, hot and'
cold water, good basement; street work done;
street cars pass door; $200 cash, balance on
installments.
$1250— 5-room cottage, all modern, with
pood basement; lot 25x135; etreet work done;
2 blocks from local station; $25 cash, bal-
ance on Installments.
$650 — 3-room cottage; close to station.
3-room cottage at Elmhurst ; lot 50x
¦UnJL
$2100 — ( acres of sandy loam In Frultvale.
Apply ALAMEDA LAND CO..
... 1151 23d ave., East Oakland.
HOME BUILDING COMPANY. Frultvale avel
$600— Cozy little home; 3 nice rooms; corner
lot, 50x100; good well, pure water;
.„„ terms $50 cash, balance $7 70 per mo.
$600 — House 3 rooms; lot 50x100; good well;
$100 cash, balance $7 per month; 3
blocks from Hayward* car line, Fitch-
burc.
$1009 — House 5 rooms and bath: lot 112x112:
barn; ?i mile from station; $100 cash,
balance 512 00 per month.
$1000— House 5 rooms; lot 45x145; $100 cash,
balance $12 CO per month; Allendale
Tract.
S150&— House 6 rooms aad bath; lot 60x164;
$21 per month will buy this home; For-
est Park.
51550 — House 8 rooms and bath; high base-
ment: stationary tubs; lot 37:6x124; 4
blocks from station; $50 cash, balance
* ?18 per-raonth; this Is a snap.
317C0 — Modern house. 5 rooms and bath;
btock from school; 1 block from car
line; 4 short blocks from station; nice
barn; city water; lot 35x124; $200 cash
balance $18 per month.
$1800 — House 0 rooms, bath, mantel; station-
ary tubs: high basement: 2 blocks from
station: $3GO cash, balance $21 per mo.
TK\ E. RUDELL. HOME BUILDING. CO..
Frultvale ave. and Washington st. Office
hours, 8 a. m. to 6 p. m.. Sundays included.
ELEGANT lot: owner must sell; make hid;
never so low. T. L.. box 4597. Call office.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFF1CE—H13 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND ItEAL ESTATE.
E. J. STEWART & CO..
1008 Broadway. Oakland.
$1200— New. modern i -room cottage: large
lot, chicken yards, fruit and flowers; close to
electric car line; within 2 blocks of Senator
Perkins' residence. In the most delightful resi-
dence portion of Oakland.
$3000— 7-room modern house; 6 blocks from
local train, one block from local, one block
from fleet ric ears; lot 40x100; fine stable,
cblckvn yard, etc.; good location; fine view.
$3000— Two-story house of 7 rooms and bath;
all modern; sunny side; large lot. S7:Cxl40 feet;
close in; convenient to Telegraph ave. and
Grove it. car lines.
$3500— Fine two-story house eX 7 rooms and
bath; all modern convenience; Just completed;
prettiest part of Linda Vista: lot 4Oxl2tt (note
the size*; fine vleu-; one block from electric
cars; a fine bargain; eee It at once.
$3500— Modern residence of 7 rooms; 3 bay-
windows; very sunny; elegant location; very
central; splendid workmanship; best of archi-
tecture; between two car lines; easy terms can
be arranged.
$2750 — Two cottages of 4 and 5 rooms; good
brick foundation; immediate vicinity of St.
Mary's College; within walking distance of
center of town; rent for $27 per month; large
lot, C5xl50, running fr-om one street to an-
other; good barn, fruit trees, chicken-houses;
must be sold at once; reduced from $3500.
$4500 — Beautiful home of 0 rooms, porcelain
bath and all other modera improvements;" fine
high basement, all finished off; about 6 years
old; just as good as new; good exposure; every
room ninny; cement sidewalks; very pretty
lawn and fine back yard; original cost $6000;
very central, being only 8 minutes' walk. to
Broadway; would readily rent for $45 per
month; owner going away; 6ee photo at office.
E. !j. STEWART & CO.,
1003 Broadway. Oakland.
$3500 — WORTH $4500; 9-room n«w house: near
local; 50x200.
$1400 — 0-room cottage; central; 60x75; •first
come gets a bargain.
$500 an acre for land In Oakland, near cars;
large list of acreage for sale; call early and
get a bargain.
Twelve chicken ranches of all sizes for sale;
Investigate before you buy.
$700 — Dairy business, paying $80 per month
-net.
Colony lands, from 10 to 50,000 acres.
Timber lands: coal lands.
Thirty-page catalogue of homes.
Before you buy or loan ye-ur money on Cali-
fornia real estate get my opinion of its value.
Will build you a house to suit.
E. E. BUNCH,
952 Broadway,
Oakland, Cal.
ADAMS POINT PROPERTY.
High and Sightly. Overlooking Lake Merrttt.
Elegant new house of 9 rooms, laundry, bath.
be;e~ lent, furnace; plate glass windows; latest
j;lumblng: everything of the best; large lot;
terms if desired.
Other houses in course of construction; plans
nn be arranged to suit.
NOB HILL OF EAST OAKLAND.
$5750— New 0-room house ' sverlooking spa-
clous grounds of F. M. Smith; everything med-
ern: large lot; terms.
$70 per foot for fine lot on Lake St.. in the
vicinity of the homes of Captain Mcln. Mr.
Belden and Mr. Vonder Rodp. and commanding
a splendid view of Lake Merrltt.
GEORGE B. M. GRAY.
¦ , _________J__J___ h « st
550C0— CHICKEN ranch; once in a while we
get something good, but here is better, a
sem: 12H acres Immense trees, loads of
shrubbery and flower*; house of 8 large
rooms; large barn, broodery and brooders,'
chicken houses,- 2000 capacity: Incutfstor, all
modern; 1000 Al Leghorns. 200 ducks. 600
pigeon?". 200 chicks: contract on hand for 1600
ducUs per month; all that can be raised Is
sold rt-adily on premises: close to electric
cars and fine drivev.-ay, adjoining East Oak-
land; this Is a model chicken, ranch: price
In all $S0O0, balance remaining « per cent
per annum. Call or send for circular, 453
Seventh Bt., opposite Broad way station, Oak-
land; carriage free. II." Z. JONES, land
owner., ¦ .
THE E. P. VANDERCOK CO., V
Rm. 32. 2d floor. Mills bldg., San Francisco.
$1500 — 2 fiats. 4 and 5 rooms: In a good rent-
ing location; bring 14 per cent on Investment.
$2200 — 2 fiats. C and 0 rooms; 4 block* from
local etatlon; both rented; bringing 10 per cent
on investment; foreclosure sale.
We have also a large list of homes, ranging
In price from S1000 to $50,000. Call- and see
us before purchasing elsewhere. -
• -" -'v: E. P. VANDERCOOK CO..
• 1010 Broadway. Oakland.Saturday. March 29.
Echr Monterey, Crangle. IS hours from Men
d0Cln °- S " SAILED.'
Saturday, March 29.
Stmr Rival, plsen. Wlllapa' Harbor.
DOMESTIC PORT. ? , v '
COOS BAT, March 20— Tho now four-masted
schr ¦• Polaris was successfully launched at
*Marshneld at C o'clock this ' evening. \
FOREIGN PORT.
. VICTORIA. B C— Arrived March 29— Stmr
Quadra, from Alaska.
.Sailed March' 20— Br simr Victoria, from
Oyster Harbor, for San Francisco; stmr Ban
Mateo, from Nanaimo. for San Francisco.
The Crjadra. rci>orta Indiana found chart
house ot some steamer, with floors and p*rt of
house intact, on Goose Island.
Late Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
Fire broke out at 6:33 o'clock last even
ing in the ¦ plant of ¦ the ' American Can
Ccmpany, located at the corner of Sev
enth and Townsend ¦' streets," and *before
the flames were extinguished damage to
tha extent of $8000 was done. The flro
started in the paint room of the litho
graphing department. Spontaneous com
bustion caused the, flre.- Watchman Del
ling turned In the alarm. The company
will. not suspend 'business, as only a part
of"the-big plant was burned. The loss Is
fully covered by insurance.
Fire Damages a Can Plant.
2Tirst Unitarian.
• --¦¦!. morning; '-.['7
Choir fcnd organ, musle selected from the
' r , oratorio, .'.'The Daughter of Jalrua".... •.,.
*'......;.,.. .V. . . . ". ".....;.¦..... stalner
10:45-11— The Sunday-school will sing Easter
carols In the gallery of the church, accompanied
by the Sunday-school orchestra, v . ".
Organ prelude" ."...;.'...;.. .'.........I .'........
Overture ..... .....:... ...;.........• Stalner
Doxology (congregation standing) .............;
Choral" recitative, -"In that day shall the '
: Lord of hosts".....'......... ...;.r..
Responsive reading, page 165 (minister and - :
' people),; ....... ' V .'.
'.'Gloria" ' ... v . ...:;.. I'. .......... ;v Mornlngton
-V Congregation standing. ¦
Easter, carol. ....;...*..........;...
Children of the Sunday-school, with or
. - chestra. . ' ' V • ¦ ' ..-
Scripture reading ..*.......
Ladles'? chorus, s "Sweet,:Tender Flower"
Prayer. ,:..
Response ..¦.": .."¦..'..........' "..;..........
Quartet choir, "Lord's Prayer" .......... .Mason
Trio and chorus, "To Him. Who Left His
¦ .' Throne". ¦..'............... . . . . .".."*.. .'.7 ...'..
An- Eastdr sermon .:......;..:.. By the minister
Duet arid chorus, ."Love Divine".. ..".-.; ..."
SoDrano and tenor.
Reception of new members
Hymn 228 . . ; . : ... ...... .... ........... . v. . . ; ..
"Amsterdam" .»...,. ..i.TATiT.*." James Nares
DEMURS TO PETITION. — Thomas D, Mc-
Cauley. administrator of the estate of tha lats
Borah Borland. . filed a demurrer yesterday to
tile petition for the revocation of the probate
of the will Of the deceased, filed by Sarah
Harper on the 18th lnst. McCauley's demur
rer Is based on the ground that Mrs. Harper's
petition does' not state In what way the tes
tatrix was incompetent.
The attempt of the National Athletic
Club to prevent th% Yosemite Club from
obtaining a permit from the Board * of
Supervisors to conduct a boxing exhibi
tion next month was frustrated yesterday
by Judge Seawall. The application for a
writ of prohibition restraining the board
from granting the permit was denied and
the ¦ action dismissed. The demurrer to
the National's suit was sustained and dis
missal of the suit was ordered on the
ground that the act of the board sought
\o be prohibited was not judicial.
Yosemite Club Sustained.
~ West Side Christian.
.MORNING.. • •
Organ prelude, "Pilgrim's Chorus" from
• "Lohengrin" •....*....¦...'........;. .Wagner
Hymn. "Hail Morning Known Among th»
' - Blest" ...............
Anthpm. "Christ the Lord Is Risen".... Adams
H>mn, "The Lord, Is Risen'.' ...:..........
Hymn, "Ha Dies the Friend of Sinners"....
Offertory, "Cujus ' Ammam" , from "Etabat
Mater" ....: <.;. .Rossini
Anthem, "Seek Te the Lord" Robert*
Hymn. "I Gave My Life for Theo"
Postlude, "Largo" '. , . .Handel
'¦¦ AFTERNOON. l
Organ prelude, "Sarabande" ...........Handel
Hymn, ¦ "He Is Risen"
Anthem,' "'O Sacred Calvary" ....... . . .Herbert
Hymn, "Angels Roll the Rock Away" . ..... .
Hymn. "Hark, .Ten Thousand Harps" ..'..
On"ert6rj\ "Thanks Be to God".... .-.;.,..
Hymn. VI Bring My Sins to Thee" ...... '
Postlude. . . r. ..;...-....'.•; Battmanh
The double quartet of the church will be as
sisted by Dr. R.'W." Smith.*
DETROIT, Mich., March 29.— Seventeen
trotting horses were burned to death
early to-day in a fire which destroyed the
training stable of Frank H. Colby, a well
known driver and trainer, in Highland
Park. Sixteen of the horses were burned
to death in their stalls. One broke loose
and escaped from the burning; barn, but
the animal was so badly burned that It
was necessary to destroy it. Among the
horses were Red Royal, 2:24V4, a flve-year
old trotting stallion, valued at $5000; Harry
P, trotter, 2:23»4, $2500; The King, trotter,
2;26^, $2000; Maiden Queen, pacer, 2:13*4,
J2000;. Moneo, 2:32%, trotter staljlon, $2000.
The total loss is about $30,000.
Valuable Trotters Are Burned.
At the high mass at 10 :30 the following
musical 'programme will be rendered:
"Kyrle," "Gloria," "Sanctus" and "Agnua,"
from Marzo's mass; "Credo," . from Mozart's
twelfth -mass. : ¦¦- . •
"Veni^ Creator" (Braga), sung by Mrs ' A
Tlerney, with 'cello obligate by Dr. Resens
berger.
During the r offertory Gounod's "Reglna
Coell," by soloist and choir. ,
At the consecration "O.Salutarla" (S. Arrll
laga), sung by. F. . Ollva, with violin obllgato,
by Miss A. Maytorena. . . - - "
Soloists — Mrs. B. Camarena, Mrs. S Arril
laga, Miss A. Acosta, Miss R. Abrego F
Loalza and Mr. Ollva, supported by chorus
of:twenty voices. . . . • :-. .- -..
Organist and musical director, S. Arrillagaj
Spanish Church.
¦¦ r '-.'..¦¦'¦•-¦. •'- ' ' ' EVENING. ¦' ,;. ¦¦ ' ¦
Organ prelude' . ....¦:.... ..... '.'..".'.", .... :'.'..*.'. ,
"Olorla in ExCelsls" (in D).. ...;•.:.. ¦;;•.•. .Bud
Invocation". .".rr.*-.T ;..'--.*;. ':;•....... ......"...,
iiymn r?i i rv i. ".'". .'"iTrrrj*. : "^r.™ t£7~. » ~ c.T. : X • ~.~ ;
Scripture reading i ; 77T77^triTi?f'fT~»7Tr5TrV7r^.';
Quartet, : "Awake, Those That Sleepest"
ffiftodrlchi'" "Serenade," for flute and 'cello
S \ Messrs! H. Schafer and Wertsch; so
prano solo, "The Resurrection Morn" (Ruff
ner) Miss Kronert; string quartet, andante
and variations. Messrs. Kalthoff. Fuhrer. Cle
ment and Wertsch; "Jubilate, Coronation
March," orchestra.
EVENING.
Instrumental duet by Mls*« Clement and
Pratt- 'cello solo by Mr. Wertsch, "Abendlied"
(Schumann), and a vocal duet by Misses Kro
nen and Clement. .,; . .
First Presbyterian. .
-MORNfNO. \\
Doxology • '
Lord's Prayer »••..
/"Gloria" • ;
Responsive reading ,.
"The Dawn of Hope Krogmann
Quartet with violin obligate
Scripture i
Hymn ••; • ••'• .••••
T>**fiyer ..•......••••••••••••• '.•«.••••«•••»*••.*
"Awake. Thou That Sleepest" Greene
• Quartet. . r
Announcements and offering
"Nocturne" • • • •••••••, Chopin
Violin solo. v
"The Resurrection" Shelley
¦¦ ., Tenor solo.*'
Sermon, "The Sepulcher In the Garden"
Prayer, ......••' * j
Hymn
Chant • «•••
Benediction •
Allegro in F. ..... . W«y,
The choir will be assisted to-day by Miss
Mary Jackson, contralto; by C. T. Hamlln,
violinist, and by William Llemert, vloloncel
1Ut * EVENING.'.
"Thanks Be to God" Elijah
; - Organ. ' . ' x .
fa* Recitative,- "Te People Rend- Tour- i
Hearts"; (b) air. "If With All Tour •
. Hearts" .............; .\ ..'......:
¦ . Tenor, solo. •
Responsive reading ........•...: :.........
(a) Recitative, "Draw Near, All Te Peo
ple"; (b) air, "Lord God of Abraham". ...
i . . Barytone '. solo. ; ; •
Scripture ......*...:.........
Prayer • •
"Cast Thy Burden Upon the Lord"....
* Quartet : '¦ •
Announcements and offering . : a ....
"Berceuse'.' ..... . . ....;:......: . .;. . .Popper
Violoncello solo :¦ ¦
"Hear Te, Israel" .";... iV.';..
' Soprano solo. . . •.
"It Is Enough!'
Barytone solo, with violoncello obllgato.
"14ft Thine Eyes",
, , Trio of women's voices. ¦ ¦ • . '
Remarks on the oratorio, "Elijah". . .•...;.... .'
"He Watching Over Israel"... .;...
Quartet.
"O Rest in the Lord" .;...
. . . Contralto solo. ¦
J 'O Come.' Every One That Thirsteth"..........
• ' Quartet. V " ¦
"Lord, Our Creator" ..'..., . .'. .1.......*..
¦ ¦; = ;¦ Organ. '..¦' ¦,'¦.-,
Plymoutli Congregational.
¦ -S' '.-.,¦. ..-MORNING. ¦'.-; " :
Organ preiufle '.....'.....
Anthem. "Te Deum". (B minor).... ...... Buck,
Invocation ~. . . .-. . .
Doxology ..;.;.......... ....;..:....;..¦;.•,.....
Responsive reading . : ....-¦..;...".....•..•.-.. r .. •
Soprano solo, "The Resurrection" . . . . . . Shelley
Scripture reading : . ...w.t. .;-...*
Anthem, "Awake, Thou That Sleepest"..Greene
Prayer -....'.' ;.'• .'..¦.:/... .*.';.':;:
Hymn ... ;...;'.'.; r, . .'.». ¦.'.....'¦.....¦....;. ..-.,.
Announcements ...... ......."...'
Offertory, ' cello solo .............;..'.., Godard
Sermon 7 .. ... . '. > .....".¦...........,.¦..;. ; ....
Anthem, "Crown Him Everlasting. King".
•. • - •"• : • • • • • • '. .. Warren
Hymn v. ... .......... . ..:..... ¦¦.:.. ~T7TT:i7:ti\
Benedlctlcfl : . ". ........: ;.;;.;;'.
Organ postlude ......:. ".
Mass at 6:30, C:80, 7:30, 8:30, 9:30. Solemn
high mass at 10:30. -
Music, "Messe Solenelle" Marzo
Offertory, "Jubilate Deo" Choir
i Sopranos — Mmes. R. Valerga, '¦ R. Strahle
Miss Mae Rellly; contraltos — Miss M. F.
Code, Miss Annie O" Sullivan; tenors — John
¦ Coombs, C. .G. Wllley; bassos — William H.
Lane, Joseph Broyer. ¦
"Reglna . Coell" Sung ty Boys* Choir
Vespers at 7:30 p. m. '
Rosewlg's -Vespers. • • •
"Q Salutarls Tantrum Ergo Rossi
Organist. Miss I Amelia F. Qulnn.
Violinist, William F. Healy.
St. Paul's.
' In doubles Stubbs and E. R. Armsby
were beaten by C. Beal and Morton, t-A;
Pratt and Salisbury beat Powers and
Gardner, 6-4, 3-6, 6-2; Beal and Morton
beat Wood and Armsby, 7-5; Worthlngton
and Bull beat Gibson and Dr. Noble, 7-5,
and Wood and Stubbs tied Beal and Mor
ton, 6-3, 5-7.
Tennis players took advantage of the
perfect weather and were out in force on
the local courts yesterday. Grant Smith
was in fine form and beat Harry Haight
five straight sets. The score was 6-1, 6-1,
6-2, 6-3, 6-2. Carl Gardner has been im
proving rapidly and took a set from Col
lier. The score in the latter's favor was
4-6, 6-1. 6-2.
• Other singles matches - resulted as fol
lows; Chet Smith beat Jack Gibson, 6-3,
6-0; Harold Crowell beat Will Allen. 6-8,
6-3, 7-6; ¦ Sidney Salisbury and Orville
Pratt tied, 6-4, 5-7; J. G. Gibson beat Dr.
Noble, 8-6; A. A. Moore beat Robert Reid,
6-3, and W. O. Weyman five sets; Carl
Gardner beat Will Allen, 6-4* 1-6, 7-5; Reid
and William Morton tied, 6-3, 3-6; I* E.
Wood beat R. S. Stubbs, 6-2, 4-6, 6-1; Her
mann Powers and O. Pratt tied, 6-4. 6-7;
.A. Beyfuss beat S. Smith, 6-2, and A.
Ames, 6-4.
California Tennis Club Matches.
MORNING^ ¦/
Anthem— "Easter Anthem" .Sudds
By choir.
Offertory, tenor solo— "He Is Not Here, for
He Is Risen";...' Broome
. ' C. Ernest : Edwards. . t
Sermon — "The Utility of the Resurrection
of Christ" . . . i Pastor
C. Ernest Edwards, -chorister and choir. ;
director. '
.' '¦. -\ : EVENING. . . '• - • ..
Soprano solo— "Day of Peace" Bailey
Miss Daisy. Swayhel. . , -
Organ prelude. % .
¦ >. W. E. Corrls. organist.
Anthem — "Glory Be to God" ....Sudds
• ' .' - By choir.
Barytone solo— "Lord God i of Abraham"..
............ : . . . . : ..:.... Mendelssohn
Regnal Keen. - .
Violin solo— "Berceuse," from "Jocelyn"..
' .'...... t ......... Goddard
Julius Gold.
Howard-Street Methodist Episcopal.
The California Branch of the Collegiate
Alumnae enjoyed an interesting session
yesterday afternoon. After a business
meeting at 2:30 o'clock a programme was
rendered, the chief feature of which was
an able discourse upon "Civil Service,"
by Charles A. Murdock. An Informal.re
ception followed; with tea and other re
freshments. »
'An Easter egg festival was held yester
day afternoon at Century Hall, 1215 Sutter
street. The affair was directly under the
auspices. of the ladies of the First Pres
byterian Church. - Easter eggs, Easter
novelties and fancy articles were offered
for sale and. were purchased by the vis
itors. The proceeds are for the benefit of
the San Francisco and San Anselmo Or
phanage and Farm at San Anselmo. This
worthy institution has an active board of
managers which is ever ready to further
the interests of the orphans under its
charge. ,
* .* *
General Funston and Hon. "Whitela-w
Reid are to be the distinguished gnests of
honor at an elaborate banquet to be given
by the Ohio Society of California in the
Maple Room of the Palace Hotel on Wed
nesday evening of this week. Prepara
tions are being made for an unusually en
joyable affair. Covers will be laid for sev
enty-five and many prominent men -will
be present. Governor 'Gage and Mayor
Bchmitz are expected to attend. Thejleco
rations will be spring flowers, arranged
with original and artistic effects. There
will be no ladles present. The arrange
ments are in the hands of Edward L.
Baldwin, Henry Hilp and G. A. Scheer,
who constitute the . entertainment com
mittee. ...
FUNSTON AND
WHITELAW REID
TO BE HONORED
Prelude— "Pllger-Chor" Wagner
Processional hymn, 110— "Come, Ye Faith- - .
ful" ...Sir Arthur -Sullivan.
Proper psalms— 113, . 114, 118. .....'
First lesson, Ex. xv. 1, 22,
"Magnificat," -In F -..Tours
Second lesson. Acts 11, v. .22....
"Nuno Dlmittis." in F Tours
Anthem — "Break Forth Into Joy"....J. Hurst
Hymn before • sermon, ,115^-" Angels, Roll '
the Rock Away". I.....C.-F. Roper
Offertory solo— "But Thou Dld'st Not Leave. ¦¦-¦>
His Soul- In' Hell"....: ' Handel
Recessional' hymn, 3C8 — "Hallelujah, Sing
to Jesus" J. B. Powell
• Gerard Barton, organist and choirmaster.
Prelude— Entree Pontifical.... MY Enrico Boss!
Processional hymn 121— "The Strife Is _
O'er" From Palestrina, A. D. 1534
Easter anthem — "Christ Our Passover"
. . . .¦ ; :.....'. . ¦-. ; . . . Savage
Proper psalms — 2, 57, 111...:..; »'
First Lesson, Ex. xil, 1. 29
"Te Deuni," in F ?;.. Tours
Second Lesson, S. Matt, xvill.
"Jubilate," In F... Tours
Celebration of the holy communion............
Introlt anthem — "Behold, Ye Despisers" . ..
......Horatio "W. Parker
"Kyrle Elelson." In F Garrett
Hymn before sermon, 112 — "Jesus Christ Is
Risen To-Day" . .John Worgan, A. D. 1762
Offertory solo — "I Know That My Redeemer
; Liveth" .......i. Handel
"Sanctus," In F. .........iGarrett
Communion hymn 227 — "O Saving Victim"
........... ...-. .J. Uglow
"Gloria in Excelsls," in F. ....:..:..". .Garrett
"Nunc Dlmittis" *..... ..... .Bafnby
Recessional hymn, 110 — "Come, Ye Faith
ful" .'..Sir Arthur Sullivan
' : ' '"*'< ', ,"¦ EVENING.
St. Stephen's.
MORNING.
At the 9 and 10 o'clock masses the pupils of
St. Vincent's Academy will sing, accompanied
by the school orchestra, piano and organ. The
following numbers will be given:
"Allelulla," "Christ, the Lord, Is Risen."
"Easter Day HaB Crowned Him King" and
"Strike the Cymbal." ¦¦
The soloists will be Miss Margaret -Anthony
and Masters Thomas Dunn and Thomas Goslln.
The following ladles and gentlemen will as
sist: Misses' Mary ; Anthoiw, Ethel Brown,
Catherine Blake, Ella Barr^, Llbble. Brooks,
Susan Brooks, Ella Canning, Eva Canning,
Kate Cusack. Gertie Cronin, Cella Feeney. Lls
zle Fuller, Kate Fuller, Mary FlUgerald,
Agatha Glover, Mollle Glover, Mary Hegerty,
May Lyne, Kate McGulre, Lilian Nunan, Fred
rica Reid, Kate Robinson. Loretta Smith, Elea
nor Sheehy, NonJe Sullivan, NeUle Tehaney.
Louise Wlskotschlll, Frances Hausmann, Mar
garet Anthony and Lillian. Byrnes; Messrs.
James Butler, . James S Casey,. Dennis Casey,
Maurice Corridan, William Cox, John Doherty,
Michael Donnigan, Thomas Fay, John .Griffin,
Walter Hancock. Ignatius Kerr, Thomas Leach,
James McBrearty, John O'Brien,- James
O'Brien, Thomas O'Brien, George Shields,
Harry Smith and James Smith. • > " ¦
Hayden's "Imperial Mass" in D will be sung
by an augmented choir, with organ and orches
tral accompaniment, under the direction of Miss
M. Short, organist. At the offertory Lambll
lotte's "Allelulla" will be sung by Roy Barrett
Kay, assisted by the choir. SoToa In the mass
will be sung by Miss Etta. Welsh,. Miss Gene
vleve Sullivan, John H. O'Brien and Eugene
Bournlzeau. Conductpr, Curt O. Davis.'
Solemn high mass at 11 o'clock. Celebrant
Rev. M. Horan, deacon Rev. P. T. Collopy. sub
deacon Rev.' M. Barry. Serm6n on "The Resur
rection" by Rev. P. T. Collory.
St. Patrick's.
¦\ MORNING.
Choir— Mrs. S. M. Darrah, Misses E. Nettl*
Moore, Norah Kaln, G. Libby, Bertha Llght
ner. David Lewis, A. C. Brown. Organist. Wil
liam Barr. • • . •
EVENING.
Organ- prelude «
Hymn 69 '"O, for a Thousand Tongues to
: SlngV DeShan
Anthem, "Awake, Glad Soul. Awake"...;
_ ••••; T. D. Williams
Responsive pealm reading and Lord's prayer..
Anthem "Angels Roll the Rock Away
Hymn 311, "Awake. My Soul, in Joyful
Lays"
"Loving Kindness" 1
Scripture reading and prayer
Anthem, "Day of Wonder, Day of Glad
ness" j. w. Lerman
Announcements
Seimon, prayer and offertory
Anthem. "The Radiant Morn Hath Passed
„ Aw fy", •• •• Woodward
Hymn 12. "Now the Day Is Over"
Repose ...'..-.
Benediction ............. ..................
Organ postlude ¦.
Presbyterian.
¦'-"'".: ':>X- morning.
Or^aini prelude, doxolosy and invocation!,.," V
Hymn 5T, "All Hall tha Power of Jesus'
. 'Nam* 1 - Coronation
Anthem, "He Is Risen" J. T. Fearls
Rt-Bponslve psalm reading and Lord's prayer..
Anthem, "Welcome, Happy Morning"....
Duet. '"Glory! "aiory'to'ouY'kmgr"". 7..;:..' s V
;;••••• Q. W. Marston
£ Mrs. 8. M. Darrah and A. C. Brown.
Scripture rcadinar, prayer and "Gloria
Patri"
Hymn 102. "Lift Up, Lift Up Your Voices
A Now" „ ..Warehem
Announcements •
80I0, "Hosanna" .Granler
_ MIsa Anna llcl.ea.
Sermon, prayer and offertory
Anthem, "Christ Our Passover"....; |
_; ••••• ;....., ;VT. O. Wilkinson
Hymn 64, "Hark. Ten Thousand Harps
Mid Voices" ...Harwell
Benediction .k
Otgan postlude
The men aboard the Marlon are being
put through boat and artillery drills and
sismalln* practice weekly.
The officers a'nd men of .the Naval Mili
tia are waiting for orders for inspection
arid muster. ;
The brigade staff will report for Inspection
and muster at these headquarters, Saturday,
May 31. 1002. .
Non-commissioned staff officers and band
will report for inspection- and muster with the
companies nearest their respective stations. -
Troop A. Cavalry and Signal Corps will re
port for Inspection and muster in their arm
ories at San Francisco on Wednesday. May 14,'
and Thursday, May 15. 1902. respectively.; ,
The field and staff officers will report for
Inspection and. muster at armory of Company
B, San Jose, Wednesday. May 21, 1902.
Transportation only will be allowed for field
and staff from their homes to place of muster.
Company I, LJvermore, Friday, May 30, 1902.
The companies of th« Fifth Infantry Regi
ment will report fdr Inspection and muster la
their respective armories as follows:
Companies A and F, Oakland, Monday. Mar
19. 1902.
Company G, . Alarneda, Tuesday. May 20
1002.
Company B. San Jose, Wednesday. May 21,
1802. •-
Company D, San Rafael, Thursday. May 22,
1002.
Company C. Petaluma, Friday, May 23, 1902.
Company E, Santa Rosa, Tuesday. May 27,
1902.
Company H. Napa. "Wednesday, May 28. IWI2.
The First Infantry Regiment will report for
inspection and muster in .their armory at Saa
Francisco as follows:
Th» field, staff, non-commissioned officers
and band, Monday, May 12. 1902. .
1 Companies A, D, O, P. Monday. May 12.
ioos. .
Companies B, H. E, C, Tuesday, Mar 13.
1902. .
Orders have been issued for the annual
inspection and muster of the various or
ganizations of the Second Brigade as fol
lows:
A large number of ladies and gentle
men were on Van Ness avenue last Mon
day night to witness the guard mount, es
cort of the colors and battalion parade of
the First Artillery. The several forma
tions were made with promptitude and
precision. It is the intention of the offi
cers to have the ceremonies and battalion
drill every month. At guard mount Cap
tain Nlppert acted as the new officer of
the day, and Captain Petty as the old
ofHcer, with Lieutenants Varney, Grat
tan, Neumann and Hyer as officers of the
guard. After the parade the four bat
teries, under the command of the first
sergeants, passed in review before Major
Bush, commander of the battalion, and.
the other officers. . .
Parade on Van Ness Avenue.
After citing the example of McLaw'a
division at Fredericksburg behind a stona
fence repulsing six successive charges o£
the Federal troops and other incidents of
the war of 1361-tJo, he turned to hasty in
trenchments, how, -when and where to
make them. The first proposition is de
pendent upon the amount of penetration
of the steel-jacketed bullets in various
substances, such as earth, clay and sand,
which is determined by experiments. Two
and a half feet of loose earth or one and
a half feet of sand affords protection from
a bullet that will penetrate eighteen
Inches of solid oak, and such a bullet
will not penetrate more than four feet Into
snow. The form of intrenchment is de
pendent upon the heights over which the
average man can fire lying, kneeling and
standing — one foot, three feet and four
and a half feet respectively. A considera
tion, however, enters Into, the problem,
and that Is the danger a high embank
ment entails on the defenders If struck
by an artillery projectile, while on the
other hand a lack of embankment leaves
much ground in front that cannot be cov
ered by flre. In view of this, a compro
mise trench has been decided upon as a
type or standard, subject to modifications
as circumstances may require. Shelter
trenches should be made at the time of
battle, unless, when acting on the de
fensive, an attack is expected; this for
the purpose of economizing labor. In de
ciding where trenches should be made, it
is necessary to consider the usual form
of cross section of a hill or ridge. Cap
tain Beach then stated that at San Juan
Hill the Spaniards occupied trenches in
the form, of a single ditch, about four feet
deep, with vertical sides and no embank
ments, where they remained completely
concealed, except when they rose at com
mand and delivered a volley, an operation
requiring but a few seconds, but these
trenches were so faultily placed that Am
erican caaualities ceased as soon as our
troops approached the foot of the hill, the
Spanish trenches not being on the mili
tary crest, but back of it. Trench work
In the Philippines waa like that of the
Spanish in Cuba, the main idea being to
afford opportunity for an unexpected vol
ley and then a safe exit from one end of
the trench into a thicket or low ground,
concealed from the attackers. In conclu
sion, the captain said that the successful
manner to assault trenches is to keep the
occupants busy by a weak flre from the
front and then make an energetic flank
attack with the best men, carrying out
the wise maxim of General Sheridan —
"Learn one correct way of doing what
ever may be required of you in a military
line, for only then is It safe to experi
ment with ideas of your own." - . ¦
Value of Breastworks.
At the meeting of the Artillery Battalion
in thft Ellis-street Armory last Wednesday
night Captain W. D. Beach, Third United
States Cavalry, delivered a very Interest-
Ing lecture on hasty, or battle ihtrench
ments. The captain said that by hasty or
battle intrenchments he meant the quickly
made earth embankments by which an
army in the presence of the enemy pro
tects Itself from, hostile fire, which shel
ters may be for single skirmishers, for
single rank lying, for double rank kneel
ing or standing or for support of the re
serves, and he cited a number of In
stances to show the fat« of an army on
the battle-field depended on the use or
neglect of such. The first extensive usa
of such intrenchments on the field of bat
tle, he said, occurred in the Civil War.
and that the methods adopted by Sher
man's army are matters of history and
demonstrated the value of the suggestion
of General Cox that ore man behind an
lntrenchment on the defensive Is equal to
three or four In the attack. This con
clusion of General Cox was verified by
the experience of General Lawton'8 di
vision at JE1 Caney during the recent
Spanish-American War, when it required
a ten-hour fight by 5000 men of , the- best
army the . world ever knew to capture
trenches manned by one-tenth Its num
ber. One of the most careful military
students of the United States Army re
cently declared that In future wars odds
of 10 to 1 will be necessary to successfully
assault trenches behind which are good
men armed with magazine rifles.
Second Unitarian.
. MORNING. .
Rev. E. J. Harper of the Centenary M.
E, Church will preach this morning on
"Immortality," and in the evening on
"Sidelights on the Christ Character."-;
Rev. John A. B. Wilson of the Howard
street M. B. Church will preach this
morning on "The Utility of the Resur
rection; or. Why Did He Rise?" , ..<¦;<¦
"Unreality" is the subject of the lesson
at. the First Church of Christ, Scientists,
this morning. • ¦ •. _•.
Rev. George C. Adams of the First Con
gregational Church will preach this morn
ing on ''Now Is Christ Risen," and in the
evening Vwill deliver an Easter Knights
Templar service. ¦ . ¦ ¦_¦¦
Rev. William Rader of the Third Con
gregational Church will preach this morn
ing and in the evening there will be
m Re 1 v.' R. R. Lloyd /of the Park Congre
gational Church will preach this morning
on "Do We Worship a Living or a Dead
Christ'" .---••¦
Rev.' John Hemphill of the Calvary
Presbyterian Churchy-will- preach,'; this
morning on "Easter Morning Study," and
i V He evening M^^r*^ preach.
Church will preach this morning T pn
"The Resurrection in Prophecy and His
tory," and in the evening on "The Resur
rection in Grace and Glory." v-
Frank W. Smith of Ohio will preach be
fore a mass meeting at the Young Mtns
Christian Association this afternoon. .. The
Association .Male Quartet will sing.
Rev. T. M. Draper of the Twenty-fourth
United States Infantry will preach this
11 "c^Sf 0^ speak this
&•*££ a\ t 7^ 0 on n "a e S ffv C a O^n?' Ie6S -
The following additional musical pro
grammes, to be rendered at; various
churches to-day, have been received:
Rev. Milton D. Buck of the Trinity M.
E. Church will preach this morning on
"Resurrection Results," and In the even
ing there will be music. '
E. F. Dinsmore will speak at the Second
Unitarian Church this morning on "The
New Easter Message"; evening lecture on
"Trilby" and "The Heavenly Twins."- f
Rev. F. W. Lloyd of the Richmond .M.
E. Chfurch will preach this evening . on
"The Walk- of Emmaus."
Rev. John Stephens of the Simpson Me
morial Church will preach this morning
on "The Easter Faith," and in the even
ing on "The Living Christ." • - .
Rev. F. M. Larktn of the Grace M. E.
Church will preach this morning on "As
surance of the Future Life," and in the
evening there will be an Easter choral
service.
The day promises to be a beautiful one
and the fair sex will have an opportunity
to attend services in gorgeous millinery
creations and beautiful gowns. The scene
on Van Ness avenue when the services
are over will be a striking one.- The con
gregations of the cathedral, St. Luke's
and the First Presbyterian churches will
probably leave the sacred edifices shortly
after the noon hour.
Easter Sunday will be observed to-day
with appropriate services. ' Every sacred
edifice in this city will be crowded with
worshipers. The altars and sanctuaries
have been beautifully decorated with lilies
and cut flowers. Special musical pro
grammes will be rendered by choirs aug
mented for the occasion. The pastors
have prepared sermons appropriate to the
day. The theme, "Christ Is Risen," will
be dwelt upon and there will be general
rejoicing in the land.
Previous to. the mass Very Rev.
Father Prendergast blessed the baptismal
font, paschal candle and the new flre.
Father Prendergast was the celebrant of
the mass;' Rev. Father Hannigan, deacon;
Rev. Father Ramm, sub-deacon, and Rev.
Father O'Ryan, master of ceremonies.
Archbishop ' Riordan was- present. The
church as usual was crowded .and the
choir, under the leadership of Professor
Harrison, rendered appropriate' music.
Services of a like character were held in
all the other " Catholic churches. ' In the
early ages of the church Easter Saturday
was the day upon which the catechu
mens or persons preparing for baptism
were baptized. The adults were baptized
on Easter Saturday and. the Saturday be-'
fore Pentecost. On Good Friday not a
bell sounded in this city, nor was the aai
gelus rung. At mass' yesterday 'the bells
were rung as usual.
rr tt OL.Y Saturday was observed in
L_J I the Catholic churches yesterday.
I I At the Cathedral solemn high
UL 11 mass was celebrated at 8 o'clock.
Battalion Drill on Van Ness
Avenue by the "Local
Artillery.
Benediction ". ;
Organ postlude
"Jubilant March" Stalner
Church- choir: Sopranos — Mrs. J. L. .Wil
liams, Miss Mabel Quadtman, Mrs. W. Wright,
Miss H. C. Heath. Tenors— O. L. Lienau, Rob
ert Collier, F. C. Manchester, C. W. Rosekrans.
Altos— Mrs. F. V. Cox. Miss Grace Ewlng. Miss
Lulu Feldhelm, Mrs. E. L. Wakeman. Bassos
1 " 11111 '' p - p - Knewlng, Oeorg» Trask.
H. Bretherlck, organist and director.
Anthem. "O, Be Thankful Unto the Lord".
;...'. Watson
Prayer '.'..
Offertory, anthem. "Angels, Roll the Rock
Away" ...". ...:... .Thomas
Announcements -.
Sermon ..'. ....... •
Hymn ............... '....'.
Benediction '. .........
Organ postlude
> Dorothy. Goodsell and Miss Vir
ginia Goodsell, sopranos; -Miss Marie Smith and
Miss E. Davidson, altos: F. C. SmlUi. tenor;
H. R. Basford, basso; F., Delleplane, organist
an d choirmaster.
Archbishop RionJari to Celebrate a Solemn Pontifical Mass at Cathedral.
Services of an Impressive Character Arranged by Local Pastors for
This Morning and Evening— Special Programmes Will Be a Rendered
Their Value in Time of
Action Is Explained
by Captain Beach. .
BATTLEFIELD
INTRENCHMENTS
CHOIRS WILL RENDER SPLENDID MUSIC
IN ALL THE CHURCHES THIS EASTER DAY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY; MARCH 30, 1902.
• INSOLVENT SALOON MAN.— F. B. John
stcn, saloonkeeper, Colusa County, filed a peti
tion in ' insolvency : yesterday in the United
States DiEtrict Court. He owes $1714 and his
assets are fOOu.
MORGAN'S WILL IS FILED— The will of
'William P- Morgan, who died at 2211 Clay «treet
on the 22d tnst., was filed for probate ¦ yester
day. He leaves hl3 estate, which- is estimated
to bo worth "more than $10,000," to his widow
Ella W. Morgan,. and. his three children. Ella
Augusta Wilcox Morgan, ..Horace: W. '.' and
Therese."
39
PROPERTY WASTED.
WANTED— San Francteco propertr fcr Eastern
buyers; call toon. EMMOXS i SON, Mills
building/ ' * ' - ¦ •
ROOMS »'«Jl_HOCSli:ivEEPl\a.
BELL (The). 1773 Market — Sunny suite, with
crate, tras and kitchen. $20; telephone.
FIFTH. 119. top flat— Two connecting rooms;
sunny side: coal stove; -gas, running water.
FOLSOM. C_">— Large fur. & uafur. first floor;
Large grounds; families with children; reas.
OOLDEN GATE ave., Ml— Parlor floor; newly I
lurnishcd: eras range; yard; $35. I
CROVE. SCO — 2 nicely furnished sunny front
rooms for lisht housekeeping.
HOWARD. 72S— Room furnishea complete fcr
housekeeping for one; also Funny room, $6. I
HOWARD. IOCS — 2 eunny connecting complete-
lj- furn. front bay- window rooms; range; $10.
HTDE. 408 — Sunny front parlor suite, complete
for housekeeping; gras 6tove; running water.
JONES. 614 — Large sunny front alcove with
kitchen; complete for housekeeping; $22 50.
LARKIN. 71C — 2 sunny furnished housekeenlnir
roams; also single rooms.
LARKTX. 1010 — Newly furnished rooms single
or en gulte; light houaekeeping. '
MARTHA place. 3. eft Geary, near Mason-
Sunny rooms, fumUired complete, $8 morul!'
call afternoons. ., :^ •
MINNA. 2S— Large housekeeping room ln^baee-
raent cheap; $1 50 per week.
MINNA. 614, nfcar Sixth— Furnished house-
keeptrg rooms. ""u»e
OAK. 117— Nicely furnished sunny suit; sink-
gas; range; phone; every convenience; $12 up! i
PI^. E L 5?£ n 1 ar La^na— Double parlors and
kitchen; modern; unfurished; $15?
P 9Vi5l ?^~ 2 P r 3 housekeeping rooms, nicely !
.urmshed and others; cars pass the house.
POWELL. 1005. cor. Clay — 2 tunny rooms ll«-
3 connecting. «3O; all complete f or houseRpg!
to let. H, $b. ?10; gas and stove.—.
iE k^ T g H r^°ch^° 1SOm - Ty ° «*« h0U8e -
ROOMS TO BET Kara, and Vmturm.
A ~T REE L lEt fBrnl£ ned rooms to let; xvjth or
without board ; we save you walking the
streets. Tourist Renting Bureau. 10 Montg*y.
ARGTLE Hotel. 234 McAllister— New. elegant.
Sf™ n tH : i^A?,*?. u P Wir <l: rates by week or
A^5^ XJ %if WICK: Hoase - X *S Sixth-Rooms.
T&t 10 !. H V t T nI ? ht: n tt t0 » **- wefk?and
light housekeeping rooms; cpen all night.
M.-RNETT, 1126 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rms.. eulteg, single; also unfurnished.
ILL choice Beat sunny suites or singles- day
meek or month; bath, phone.. 332 S tocktoa!
CENTRAL HOUSE, 62 Second St.— Furnished
rooms from 75c to $3 per week.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY. 106 — Newly furnished sjmny 6ultes-
elso flr.rle rooms. * ' ,
ELLIS. 310 — Newly furnished sunny front room
reasonable.
ELLIS. 321 (Mozart)— Nicely furnished rooms, 1
S5c. $1 50 night; $1 50. $6 wk.; open all night.
ELLIS, S29 — Newly furnished sunny rooms*
private family.
ELLIS, 10C2 — rn private family, suite two sun-
ry rooms; first floor; for one or two gentle-
men: references required
FULTON, 116—2 sunny single rooms, (5 per
months, for gentlemen.
GEART. 4C5 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnlsh-
ed suites and tingle; travelers accommodated.
GEARY, 774 — Two large sunny front rooms;
run, water; private family; furn. or unfurn.
GRAND SOUTHERN Hotel. 7th and Mission
Family house; those requiring a quiet orderly
home at moderate charges: 6ult, single, elevat.
GROVE. 8 — Sunny furnished room for gentle-
men; terms reasonable. •*.'
MARTINET. 1101 Geary — Handsome suites;
private baths; newly furnished single rooms.
MCALLISTER. 907 — Small Inside rooms, $3;
German family; sunny yard.
MLNXA, C67. cor. Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, ?1 per week; transient.
MISSION, 16C9 — Nicely furnished front room la
Email family; references required.
NATOMA. 217, 2 blocks of Call — Neat sunny
front rooms; $1 50 per week.
NEW ARLINGTON. 1C15 Market— Nicely fur-
nished rooms; $2 a week up; 35c a day up.
OAK, 125 — Sunny furnished room; bath; gas;
57.
O'FARRELL. 20^ — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices ; elevator, elec. lights: day. week, mo.
PIXE, &00 — Sunny corner, handsomely fur-
nished rooms for gentlemen in private family.
PINE, 9&0 — Elegantly furnished sunny rooms,
suite or single; in new fiat; private family;
Centlemen.
POST. 821. near Leaven worth — Elegant large
alcove parlor; furnished or unfurnished.
r.OYAL Bouse, 126 Ellis — Incandescent light,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies* par-
lor; rooms, per night. 33c to $1 50; week. $2
to $8; month. $S to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SACRAMENTO, 1S65A— 3 rooms with yard;
separate entrance: rent $7.
EACRAMENTO. 1633 — A neatly furnished front
room: crate and running water; use of bath
and phone; hoard optional.
SEVENTH. 28 — Nicely famished sunny suites,
with or without housekeeping; also single
rooms.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth Et-.
near Market — Furnished or unfurnished. ¦
StJTTER, 102214. nr. Hyde — Large double par-
lors, furnished; eun all day.
TEHAMA, 308. near Fourth— Nicely furnished
sunny front rooms, suitable for one or two.
Vendome, 1104 Market — Changed hands 1 newly
renovated: furn. suites. Mrs. V. ¦yv'. Miller.
ROOMS A.\D BOARD.
S'EKEDITH. 218 Turk — Sunny front rooms; ,
electric lights; hot and cold water; modern;
first -class board; reasonable; phone South 620.
CALIFORNIA. 807 (Stevenson Mansion) — Select
family hotel; exceptional table; popular rates^
CEARY. 849 — Nicely furnished front rooms in
modern Gat with board; couple $45; single $20.
VAN NESS, 607 — To a refined couple; large
sunny parlor, with board. In private home.,
JOHNSON. The. 605 O'Farrell — Nice home;
good table: spacious grounds; rates moderate.
VAN NESS, 619 — Handsome furnished sunny
suites, single rooms: first-class table board.
ROOMS WAJfTED.
WANTED— By a Japanese, pleasant sunny
housekeeping room, within 10 minutes' walk
to Kearny Bt. ; permanent; terms. Box 46S2.
Call office. '
WANTED — Room in exchange for sewing or
vocal lessons; Western Addition; references.
Box 4<Hti. Call office.
MAN -wishes unfurnfshed room, ground floor,
or upstairs. $3 to $4 incr.th. Box 4559. Call.
SPECIAL XOTICES. -.'**'
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collection* made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms 8-10: t«l. £580.
£12\VI.\G MACHl.VES AXD SUPPLIES.
NEW Home sewing machine, good e»s new; also
good White, for eale. at rear 033>£ Natoma
et., Sunday and evening^ ,
ALL kind* bought, sold, rented, ex.. repairing;
lctreet rates: phone Howard 32C4. 145 Sixth.
ALL kind* bought, sold, rented, exchanged: re-
pslriny: :owett rate* Tel. Green 144. 205 4th.
STUKAGI-: ANO WARlSHOCSES.
riEKCE-HODOLFH fitorage aad Moving Co..
of Jlce Po»t and Powell sts.: tel. Main 1.713-
UOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Mis- ,
•ion rt.-. UL Howard 1>11. F. W. ZEHFUSS. j
JiEKINS Van' and Storage Co.. C30 Market St.:
tel. RtalnlS4<»: shipping at cat rates. ¦
PACIFIC Ktcrw:?* end Furniture Moving Com-
l.anv. ?":'«i PU*fnnr» *t.: phone Jackcon SSI.
~~7i;^IMEmrhsORT IO LET.
TO lease— K»n!!*.orth Inn; romantically situ-
ated in Mill Valley; f»0 minutes' ride from
San Francisco; completely furnished; 40
rooms; me&m and hot water bath?; electric
lights; heaters throughout: elevators, etc.;
?-ent low. Appjy MADISON & BURKE. 30
Montgomery et.
THEOSOl'HIG A L LITEH ATUitE.
UNIVERSAL Brotherhood Path (monthly). The
New Century tweekly); write lor samply
copies aad book list, to The Theosophlcal
publishing Company, International Head-
•';c»f-r# .if trnirerfir! n«-»MH':rh';ui) und Theo- j
TYPEWRITERS AND -SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGATxTT^TVpE^RTflsRS^We
sell better machines for lees money than any
house in the city; rentals $3. The Type writer
Exchange. 530 California; telephone Main 266.
WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co. — Expert
typewriter doctors: estimate fre*. 209 Sansome.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday:
William A. Donkin. 4G, city, and Frances
| A. I Hendy, 40. Cloverdale.
George Short, 27. 211 Clipper street, and
, Dalsie Seavy. 22. 211 Clipper street.
D. Carlton O. Bialow, 20, 3327 Twenty-fifth
street, and Theodosia Bigelow, 20, Oakley. .
Frank M. Carter. 20. city, and LouUs B
Hopkins, 24. Petaluma.
I J. Lewis Ahrams, 27, Stockton, and Belle V.
Newman, £1. Hanford.
Walter J. Matson, 23, Seattle, and Annje F.
Sellers. 23, city.
Samuel Morrison. 44, 1102 Treat avenue, and
Augusta Mueller, 37. 1102 Treat avenue. ¦
William L. Courtrtght. 24, 713 Shrader street,
ana Mary L. Kelly. 23, 2W Scott street. : .
Emanuel George, 35, city, and Anna Kober,
Joseph L. Warner, 52, Sebastopol, and Ellra'
Ru;ie, 40. Stockton. ;
George L. Uuchler. 32, Georgetown, and Lena
G. Behrns. 24, Georgetown.
Henry J. Bruml. 33. Lockeford, and Juliet
W; Levy, 20. liso Buchanan street. ¦ ¦
John G. Lanso. STi. San-Quentln Point, an.l
Sophie Fuchs. 27. city. -
BIRTHS— MAERIA&ES—BEA11S
' ' "f BOBN.
CHASE — In this ctfy. February 7. 1902. to the
wife or Fred H. Chase, a daughter.
DEUTSCH— In thii city, March 20, . 1902. to
the wife of Fred Deutsch. a son.
HANSEN— In this city, March 27, 1902, to th»
wife of Fred Hansen, a daughter.
LABEL— In San Rafael, March 27. 1902, to thj
wife of Sam Label (nee Lubosch), a son.
LARSEN— In this city. March 26. 1902. to the
wife of Christian Larsen, a son.
LARSEN— In this city, March 17, 1902, to the
wife of Peder Larsen. & son.
McBIRNEY— In this city. March 27, 1002. to
the wife of Alexander McBlrney, a son.
STONE-McCULLOUGH — In Los Angeles.
March 28. 1902, to Mrs. Jessie E. Stone-Mc-
Cullough, a daughter. . . ,
TYSON— In this city, March 22, 1902. to the
wife of Warren J. Tyscn. a daughter.
WAGNER— In this city. March 1L ¦ 1903, -«*
th» wire of Fred C. Wagner (formerly Georg-
lana Kllpatrlck). a son.
MARRIED.
APPLEGATE— PRESTON— In this citv. Marcn
27. 11)02. J. J. Applegate and Emllle M. Pres-
ton, both of San Francisco.
BARRY— LONG — In this city, March 24. 1902,
by the Rev. George W. Beatty, Daniel Pat-
rick Barry and Dottle Lydla Long, both of
San Francisco.
BORDEN— CHARLTON— In this city. March
29, 1902, by the Rev. Herbert F. Brlggs, F.
R. Melville Borden and Beatrice H. Charlton.
both of San Francisco.
COURTNEY— FAROH— In this city. March 25,
ltKEI, by the Rev. Paul Branke, John Court-
ney and Elizabeth Faroh, both of San Fran-
Cisco.
LEIGHTON— TAVERES— In this city, March
25, 1002, by the . Rev. George W. Beatty,
Elvon E. Lelghton and Olivia Taveres, both
of San Francisco.
LIGHTNER— LARSON— In this city. March
2«, VJO2. by the Rev. O. Groeneberg. Clyde
C. Liehtner and Elisabeth M. Larson.
LOOK — SMITH — In this city. March 24, 1902,
by the Rev. J. P. Mclntyre, William A.
Look and Christina Smith, both of Chlco,
Butte County. Cal.
RINGWOOD— RUSH— In this city, ilarch 21,
1902. by the Rev. Father Moran, John H.
Rlngwood and Rose E. Rusn, both of San
Francisco. ¦ - ¦ ¦ - f
~~ DIED. ~
Apple, John C. Moore, Elizabeth J.
Brown. Sylvester Mueller. Rudolph
Camm. Myrtle A. O'Connell. Patrick
Dean. Michael - Page. Frank H.
Duncan. Grace M. Phillips, William
Fltzglbbon, Maurice - Rahmstorf. Cord
Foley. C J. Slater. Wharton K.
Francis. Mary L. Smith, Ca^t. Charles
Haake, Henry - Suter. James
Hansen, Emma E. Tuohey, Joseph P.
Hatch. Theo. H. Jr. Twohig, Julia
Hay, Mary C. - Walrath, Austin
Herman. Marie A. Welsh. Michael
Hurd. Jesse P. Weston. Ella B.
McCloskey, Frank A. ..Wilkle. Arthur M.
Manuel. Ambrose. Willalms. Alexandria
Mason. Frederick A. Windrow. Capt. John
Mollison. Jama J. Woodward. Amy R.
APPLE— In this «ity. Marches. 1902. John C.
Apple, beloved ton ot Isadore , Apple, -. and
nephew of Jacob, -Abraham.- Henry, Lena,
MorrlB, Eva, Herman and Dr. B. ApDle, a
native of Peoria, 111., aged 21 years 11
months and 10 days.' . ,
ETThe funeral services will be held to-
day (Sunday). ~ at 10 o'clock, at' his 'late
residence. 727 Grove street. Interment Hills
of Eternity Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train
from Third and Townsend streets. > .
BROWN— In this city. March 28, 1002, Syl-
vester Brown, a native of County Kerry.
Ireland, aged 80 j ears. (Elmlra and Blng-
hamton, N. Y., papers please copy.) ,
(TT'Friends and ccquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 10:30 o'clock. . from the parlors
of the Gantner & Guntz Undertaking Com-
pany. 1209 Mission street, between Eighth
and Ninth. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery,
by 11:30 o'clock train from Third and Town-
send streets.
CAMM— In Oakland, March 28, 1002, Myrtle
Abbey Camrn, beloved wife of Charles W.
Camm, and daughter of Mr. and Mrs. D. 8.
Frazier, a native of California, acred 30
years {• months and 15 days. . ,
tt^Funeral services to-day (Sunday), at 4'
o'clock, at 2C08 Sacramento street. Intel -
ment at Petaluma Monday, at 10 o'clock.
DEAN— In Auburn, Placer County, Cal., March
28, 1002. Michael, beloved husband of Annie
Dean, and father of Patrick, John and Peter
Dean, formerly of Berkeley, Alameda County,
Cal.. a native of Ireland, aged 60 years.
rZTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
March 30. 1902, at 1 o'clock, from his late
residence, corner Blake street and Shattuck
avenue, Berkeley, thence to St. Joseph' 8
Church, where services will be celebrated,
commencing at it o'clock. Interment St.
Mary's Cemetery, Oakland.
DUNCAN— In this city. March 29, 1902, at her
residence. 442 Vi Twenty-ninth street, Grace
Martin Duncan, beloved daughter of Mm.
Mary Inch and the late William Martin,
stepdaughter of William Inch, and wife of
W. W. Duncan, a native of Amador County,
Cal., aged 17 years 4 months and 10 days.
C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 1:30 o'clock, from Epworth
Methodist Episcopal Church, corner Twenty-
sixth and Church streets. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery, by carriage.
F1TZGIBBON— In this city, March 28, 1902.
Muurlce M.. beloved husband of Eliza Fltz- I
gibbon, and father of Drs. G. J., F. T. and
J. G. Fltzglbbon and Mrs. J. E. Howe, a na-
tive of Limerick. Ireland, aged 70 years 10
months and (I dars. (Sacramento, Cal., pa-
pere please copy.)
C7The funeral will take place to-day
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 670 Valencia street. Interment pri-
vate in Holy Cross Cemetery. -
FOLEY — In this city. March 20, 1902, C. J.
Foley, brother of Mrs. E. A. Streett, a na-
tive of Connecticut, aged 47 years.
CT Interred Saturday. March 29, 1902.
FRANCIS— In this city. March 29. 1902. Mary
Lecount, beloved wife of R. c. Francis, and
mcthcr of Charles B., Joseph S. and George
E. Francis, a native of Philadelphia, aged
70 years S months and 6 days.
HAAKE — In this city. March 28, 1902, Henry
beloved ran of Christine and the late John
C. Haake. .ind brother • of Mrs. C. J. Byx-
bce, Mrs. 1'. J. Comfort, Mrs. A. Lyon»
Mrs. C. D. Chase and Lillian, Delia, Clara,'
Fred and Charles Haake, a native • of San
Frftticleco. aged SS years 1 month and 26
HEHRY J. CALLACHER CO.
tlaucceasor to >'lat.nacan A Uallasb«r.»
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
rCNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER4
20 Fifth tt.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
NEAREST THE CITT.
Office, 916 Market Street.
Telephone Bush 367.
NEW FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS;
Samuel McFadden. Is years - manager for
il-.r United Undertaker*' Association, it. J.
McBrcarty, with the name company for IS
rears; P. F. Green, late with J. C. O'Con-
nor tc Co.. have opened new Funeral Par-
lor* at 1171 Mission «tre«t, between b«vcuth
md Eighth. . Tclcphon* South 44. l
i UNITED'uiSERTAKEasl!
¦ 27 mn,t 29 Fifth St. Tel. South 167 «
1 FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER&f
£ nawi equipment at ; Morirratg Ra,tea. - w
REMOVED!
McGinn bros.,
FUKEKAL DIRECTORS and EMBALM-
ERS. to and 22tf McAllister si. tFor-
roerly of rtl K«My «t. TM.'CTHth VB2.) • .
WOTICE TO THE PUBLIC.
.On and after April 1. 1SX>2. the rate of fare
to all cemeteries by • carriage In Ban Mateo
County will be six - dollars '($C) per : carriage.
To luneral train ' or electric cars, four dollars
<$4). Return trips.' tWo' dollars (J2). -'. .
Signed: M. W. COFFET, President Hack-
inea'tf Union. . . . 4
W. BRIDGES, President Carriage .Owners'
end Stablemen's Association.
I days... A member of , Journeymen Plumbers' ¦
i utid Gaslitteis' Association. . ._. .. r '..'_. r . . .
C?"Servlces will be - held to-day (Sun-
day), at 2:30 o'clock,. at the parlors of H. b\
Suhr & Co., 113T Mission street, between
Seventh and Eighth: Interment private at
Mount Olivet " Cemetery, by electric funeral
car "from Eighth and Harrison streets.
PLUMBERS'. Gas and Steam Fitters' Society
will attend the funeral of the late brother,
Henry Haake. Su-iday, March ao, at 2 :30
. o'clock, from 1137 Mission street. Per order
T. J. FARRELL, President.
HANSEN— In this city, March" 20, 1002, Emma
E., beloved wife of Christ. Hansen. and
mother of Nellie and Grace Hansen, a na-
tive o; Sweden, aged 38 years a months and
Hi days. . : . ¦ .
HATCH— In this city, March 20,' 1902, Theo-
- dore Henry Hatch Jr., dearly beloved son of
T. H. and Theodosia. Hatch, and brother of
Mrs. . W. H. Ewlng, Mrs. T. K. Kase and
Nellie Hatch. • .. /
ty Friends and acquaintances/are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Monday,
March 31, from his late residence, 1018
Geary street, at 2 o'clock. "Interment pri-
vate. Mountain View Cemetery. :.-
HAT — In this city, March 2S, 1902, Mary C,
beloved mother of John, Henry, and Robert
F. Hay and Mrs. John Coulson,' a native of
County Down, Ireland, aged 83 years.
-£7Frlendft and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to Attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, trom the residence
of. her son-in-law, Mr. John , Coulson, 197
Valencia street, thence to St. Joseph's
Church for service*. Interment' Holy Cross
Cemetery. ¦¦ . , '
HERMAN— Entered Into rest. In this city,
March 2S, 1002, Marie A. Herman, dearly be-
loved wife of Rudo!ph Herman,' and dearly
beloved mother of Mrs. Oscar T. Weber and
Albert R. and Olga F. Herman.
(E7"The funeral services will be held to-
day (Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, at her late
residence, i'110 Jefferson street. Harbor View.
Funeral and interment private. Please omit
flowers. '. f. •
HURD— In this city, March 29. 1902, Jesse P.,
beloved husband of Ella F. Hurd, father of
Bernlce C. Hurd, son of Mrs. M. C. Per-
rault. and brother of George R., J. B. and
the late W. C. Hurd and Stella Perrault. a
native of Healdsburg, Cal., aged 32 years
10 months and 15 days. ..'..- ",¦
McCLOSKET— In tills city, March 29, 1902,
Frank A:, beloved son of James and Cath- '
erir.e . McCloskey. and brother of John. Jo-
seph, Agnes and Peter McCloskey and the
late James and Cassle McCloskey, a native
of San Francisco, agod 19 years and C days.
ityFriends and acquaintances are respect-
" fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:3(1 o'clock, from his late resl
dence, 4150 Seventeenth street, opooslte Eu-
] reka,. thence to the Church of the Most Holy
Redeemer, where a. reciulem mass will be
celebrated for the re:>ose of his soul at 9
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MANUEL— In this city, March 28, 1902, Am-
brose Manuel, a native of England, aged 05
years.
KTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Sunday), at 2 o'clock, at his late
residence, 2U31 Lasuiia street. Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery.
TRIUMPH Lodse No. 180, A. O. U. W.—
Officers and members: You are notified to
meet at your hall to attend the funeral of
our late brother, Ambrose Manuel. -Sunday,
March 30. at 1 o'clock. - ...
WILLIAM P. MURPHY, M. W.
J. H. CATTRAN, Recorder.
MASON — In this city. March 20, 1002, Fred-
erick Albert Mason, beloved husband of
Elizabeth Mason, a native. of Massachusetts
aged r-ii years 5 months and 25 days.
(tyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
March SO, at 2 o'clock, from the Masonic
Temple, corner of Post and Montgomery
streets, under the auspices of Fidelity Lodge
No. 12O, F. and -A. .M. Interment Cvpress
Lawn Cemetery, by 3:30 o'clock train from
Third and Townsend streets.
MOLLISON — In this city, March 25, 1002,
at his residence. 112 Olive avenue. James J.
Mollison, brother of the late William and
John C. Mlllison, and brother-in-law of Mrs.
H. S. Mollison, a native of England, aged 40
years and 25 days.
B^* Friends and acquaintances and mem-
bers of Hesperian Grove No. . 15, Hartnaeel
Chapter and Golden Gate Arch, U. A. O. D.,
and Sotoyoma Tribe No. 12, Impd. O. R. M.,
are respectfully invited to attend the funeral
on Sunday. March 30, at 1:30 o'clock, from
DrUids' Hall, 413 Sutter' Btreet. Interment
Cyprefs Lawn Cemetery, by 3:30 o'clock
train from Third and Townsend streets.
MOORE: — In this city. March 29, 1002, Eliza-
beth . J. Moore, beloved wife of William
Moore, mother of W. J. Moore, and sister of
Annie Irwln. -. ¦ ¦ . " - ¦ .
K3r Notice of funeral hereafter. ¦ -
MUELLER— In this city, March 27, 1902, Ru-
dolph Mueller, dearly beloved husband of
Louisa Mueller, and beloved father ot Ru-
dolph Jr., Walter and Richard Mueller, a
native of Canton Bern, Switzerland, aged
37 years 5 months and 28 days. (Cleveland,
Ohio, and San Jose, Cal., papers please
copy.)
E^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
"(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
.the Gantner & Guntz Undertaking Company,
1209 Mission street, between Eighth and
Ninth. Interment Cyr>ress Lawn Cemetery.
O'CONNELL— In Oakland;' March 2S, 1902,
Patrick .Q'Connnll. a native of . Achonry,
County Sllgo, Ireland, aged 62 years. (Ven-
tura papers please. copy.) ¦ , ... ."
- (C7"FrIends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
March 30, 1902, at 1:30 o'clock, from the
parlors of James McManus, Seventh and Cas-
tro streets. Interment St. Mary's Cemetery,
Oakland/
PAGE— In this city, March 25, 1902. Frank H.
Page, a native of Rhode Island, aged 65
• years '3 months and 14 days. (Rhode Island
and Los Angeles papers please copy.) .
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Sunday, March 30, at 1 o'clock, at Memorial
Hall, I. O. O. F. building, corner Seventh
and Market streets. Cremation Odd Fel-
lows'. Cemetery. •¦ '
PHILLIPS— In the City And County Hospital,
March 29. 1902; William Phillips, a native
of Illinois, aged 24 years.
RAHMSTORF— In Oakland. March 28. 1002,
Cord Rahmstorf, a native of Holstein, Ger-
, many, aged 76 years and 2 months.
C7Frlends and acquaintances are, respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Monday, March 31. 1902, at 2 o'clock, at
the parlors of Henry Evers, 865 Washington
street, Oakland. . Interment Mountain View
Cemetery.
SLATER— In the City of Mexico, March 27,
1902, Whartcn K. Slater, son of W. W. an 1
Mary Ella Slater, and brother ot.Mary E.
and Rita E. Slater.
SMITH— In this city. March 28, 1902, Captain
Charles Smith, a native of Germany, aged
. 62 years. . ,
IE7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Sunday), at 2:15 o'clock, at «> the
parlors-of the California Undertaking Com-
pany, 405 Powell street, near Post. Inter-
ment Cycress Lawn Cemetery, by 3:30
o'clock train from Third and Townsend
streets. , ¦
SUTER— In Oakland, : March 27. 1902. James,/
beloved husband of Annie Suter. a native
of Er.gland. A member of Manzanita Tribe
No. 4. Impd. O. R. M.
CHIEFS and members of Manzanita Tribe No.
4, Impd. O. R. M., are hereby, requested to
attend the funeral of our late brother, James
Suter. By order .
ARTHUR F. MASON. Sachem.
TUOHEY — In thl« city. March 29, 1902, Joseph
P., beloved husband of Isabella B. Tuohey,
and father of John, Mary, George and Jo-
c-eph Tuohey and Mrs. Nellie MacFarlane, a
native of England, aged 47 years 1) months
and 22 days. .
TWOHIG — In this city, March 29, 1902, Julia,
beloved mother of Joseph I. Twohig, a native
of Ireland, aged 89 years 1 month and 27
days. '
CyThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 3188 Vt Twenty- fourth street, thence to
St. Peter's Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
bouI, commencing* at .9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. ¦ .
WALRATH— In this city. March 29, 1902,
Austin Walrath, a native of New York, aged
71 years. . • ¦ ¦¦¦ ' .. . . ;
IC?"Notlce of funeral hereafter. ,
WELSH— In the City and County Hospital,
March 29, 1902, Michael Welsh, a native of
Newfoundland, aged 27 years.
WESTON— In thfs city, March 28, 1902, Ella
B., beloved wife of the late Frederick G.
Weston, mother of Ellen M. and Eleanor E.
Weston, daughter of Mrs. T. Welter, aad
elster of Mrs. W. Howiett of Oakland and
-Mrs. J.ohn J. Qulnn, a native of Oakland,
ag«d 32 years 0 months and 28 days. (Bir-
mingham, Ala., papers please ' copy.) ¦
(ETFriends and acquaintances ,are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the residence
cf her sister, Mrs. John J. Qulnn, - 217 ' Te-
haraa street, thence to 8t. Patrick's Church
for rervices at. 2 o'clock. ¦¦: Interment St.
Mary's Cemetery, 'Oakland, by 3 : o'clock
creek boat.- « r :
WiLKlE — In this city, March 28. .1002, Arthur
• M. Wllkle, a native of Ireland, . aged 80
years.
WILLIAMS— In this city, March 29, 190"
Alexandria, beloved wife of Frank Williams'
a native of Finland, aged 29 years and 6
months. ' - ' » : • -
" lETTrlendB and acquaintances ' are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Tuesday
April L at 1 o'elock,. from her late residence,
14 • Federal street, ; between .' First and Sec-
ond. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
WOODWARD— In this city, March 29, 1802
Amy Roberta Woodward, sister or Florence
Robert* Morrison, a native of New '* York
City. (New York paper? please copy.)
tXFuneral private at 830 Grove street. :
WINDROW— in this city. March 28, 1902, Cap-
tain John Windrow, a native of Stockholm
Sweden, aged 73 years. ....
{E7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral - to-day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
H/ F. Suhr& Co., 1137 Mission street, .be-
tween Seventh , and - Eighth. Interment Cy-
prerH Lawn Cemetery.' "-: ' '.:
EASTE9 NOVELT2ES. ~
|hanahan Flonsli fio.
|07 PQWELL ST.^EUJS^50^fCancels* Miller's : Resignation.
Register.., Walsh yesterday , ; canceled the
name of 'Frank- Miller from", the" Great
The Assignee Sale of Clothine
will sell to-morrow 750 all-wool men's
suits and overcoats, worth |18, for $4 65.
•Judge Murasky granted- Laura E.
Thompson a divorce fromC. P. .Thompson
yesterday .- on ¦ the ground of desertion.
They were ; marired > seven- years ago at
Berkeley. '.. - ;;¦ '¦„ ¦ .-f 1 ' . ' •'*'?¦
' Two Suits for divorce for desertion and
failure to provide were filed yesterday
with the County Clerk. The deserted
wives : are Angle Cunningham and Nora
Jorgenson and their suits were filed
against John- J.- Cunningham and Adolph
Jorgenson. Mrs. • Cunningham, who was
married at . San Jose ; in . 1800, - alleges her
husband deserted her a year ago and that
since that time shejhas had to depend
upon her. own exertions for support.
Mrs. Jorgenson makes ; the . same com
plaint against her husband, and charges
him ; with -. leaving her more i than a year
ago. They • were married at Oakland in
1S93. •: _¦:¦ t.-'v ........ . . ; - . .
Nora Jorgenson File Suits
for Divorce. T^ r ? ? :
CHARGE THEIB HUSBANDS
WITH DESERTING THEM
Mrs. Angle, Cunningham, and Mrs.
Bosco, the giant performing "ape, tried
a : trick yesterday afternoon that cams
near to placing it on the retired list and
the experiment was one that it will not
likely forget in a hurry. Bosco enter
tains the audiences afternoon and even
ing in an act called "the slide for life"
To do the, trick the bigapeis sent to a
platform well up In. the rafters and from
which a- rope is stretched at an angle to
the floor below. Bosco attaches a pulley
to; the (rope and, holding on to its end
gives itself a start. In a second or two
the animal lands in a net that Is held for
It below. During its playtime yesterday
Bosco tried the act without the aid of the
net. When the, monk reached the floor It
was. -with. a hard and sudden finish Its
yells could be heard, throughout the bie
building. An examination showed that
beyond a few bruises Bosco was unhurt
though it took ¦-. considerable coaxing to
have it do : Its act in the evening.
The Norris & Rowe trained animal show
at Mechanics' Pavilion attracted the
largest crowd that has attended the mini
ature hippodrome since the opening, two
weeks ago. According to the statement
of Mr. Rowe, the manager of the concern,
this season's business In this city has
been a most successful and profitable one
The show gives Its closing performance
this evening.
drome Closes a Successful En
gagement This. Evening. '
Norris & Howe's Miniature Hippo-
LAST NIGHT OF THE, BIG
TRAINED ANIMAL SHOW
This is the stock of clothing that was
manufactured by Brooker Brothers of
.New York. Made of all-wool material ln
cheviots, worsteds, tweeds and casslmerea
In all the latest shades and patterns.
Never Intended to be sold for less than
518, yet 54 6a will buy one of these suits
at the Boston Clothing Company. 773 Mar
ket street, near Fourth. - ¦ ¦ ¦• •
Register. Miller was registered with the
aid of a "fixer," who collected 50 cents
from him. An officer was sent to the ad
dress given by Miller and it was discov
ered that he had been In the city but
twelve days. As there was no evidence of
criminal Intent on the part of Miller he
was permitted to "depart after promising
to report to the Registrar's office If his
evidence is necessary in any prosecution.
¦ W hy the railroad company should discrimin
ate against the .miner is hard to understand.
This new policy 'will: greatly retard the devel
opment'of the mineral resources of . this sec
tion,' and we ¦ believe the ' railroad company is
standing in its own light in taking this stand.
In one way . it will be a benefit to the tax
payer. . The Assessors of the several counties
can raise the valuation of railroad lands from
50 cent3 per acre to $4 or $5, and this will
help . defray expenses in building roads, etc.
if the find or prospect was a rich one, the
pries would be still higher. <
This Is a matter which- if true deserves the
serious consideration of every man, woman
and child living along the line of. the rail
road. The average prospector does not have
5500 or anywhere near it to buy land with,
and he naturally will not, look for gold when
he knows some one el3e can step in and buy
from under him. ' The company will sell agri
cultural , land on time, but for some reason
cash must accompany an ' application . for ¦ land
which contains mineral.
It has been. the, policy of, the O. & C. R. R.
to. sell, mineral', lands for. cash at $2 50 per
acre. Recently, however,., we: have > been'- in
formed that parties "living around - here hax-e
applied to the company, to purchase land on
which mineral ¦ had been found, and l were -Jn
forrr.ed ¦ that hereafter such - land would • be
sold at -the rate ¦ of $500 ' per ¦ forty acres and
The/Oreffon Mining:? Journal: published
at Grants Pass, complains of , the policy of
the ¦ Oregon and ¦:-. California - Railroad ; ; in
the matter of the sale of mineral lands.
The Journal says: :>¦."'-:¦¦¦¦,
Mineral Lands; Again
Mineral Wealth says that another fur
nace will be added to the.De LaiMar
plant at Bujly Hill and double the number
of. men 'will, be employed as compared
with the. force of Ia3t year.. A large force,
according to the same • Journal, ¦ will - be
employed- on the- McClure mine by the
Mount Shasta Gold Mines- Corporation.
According, to the Del Norte Record, lo
cations have been made by the Cant Hook
Platinum and Gold Mining Company along
the South Fork , of ; Smith River. Jack
Holloway Is reported to have accumulated
forty pounds of platinum from gold'ope
rations during the winter;
miles south from Mariposa, to McRae and
Heman by the Krogh Manufacturing
Company of , San Francisco. The mine
will be developed.
The controversy between the Mountain
Copper Company and the orchardlsts, .who
objected to the treatment of ores at Kes
wick by the process in vogue has been
settled. Suit .was brought by Stolberg,
Maurer et al. to recover 125,000 damages
and also for an injunction. « A jury:re
turned a verdict 'of damages to the extent
of S645 50 for the plaintiffs. The court de
nied an injunction. The costs • and the
damages will be paid by the Mountain
Copper Company, and the works at Kes
wlck will continue as heretofore. It ap
peared that the defendant ¦ company was
assessed at .one-fifth: of the" total assessed
valuation for Shasta County.
With the sale of the Cherokee water
system, entire, to the Bay Counties Power
Company, so says the : Orovllle Mercury,
go the Concow system • and - the Banner
mine ditch and pipe line. This affects the
water-supply of the old Cherokee mine.
The Mercury says that the Concow sys
tem may supply sufficient %water still. '
General Interests.
The' Gazette-Mariposah reports !the sale
of the Buckeye mine, which is a ¦ few
Vermont >. marble costs from J4to.{7 per
cubic foot laid down in ¦ Redding. At Gray
Roeks there is an exposed ' body of the' mar
ble at least 400 feet In thickness. It can be
cheaply quarried and inexpensively hauled to
Redding. Mr. Kline offers to give all the mar
ble required if the contractors will ¦ use It ln
the High School building. Some of the pol
ished marble /will be taken; to San Francisco
and ; firms'; there' ¦ may become - interested In
establishing quarries. . .>'¦'-..•»¦•'•
A Blab of re'??lendent marble was exhibited
Tuesday by Fred H. Kline which shows a lit
tle known resource ol. Stlllwaten The' mar
ble was brought from a mining claim | among
the Gray ttocks nine miles northeast of Red
ding. It was taken from the surface and left
with Masterson Brothers to be polished. Under
treatment It took on a luster which snowed it
to. be. marble of very superior ¦ quality." The
marble men declared that the. specimen 'from
Gray. Rocks is the equal of the Vermont mar
ble and is even ' harder and more enduring.,.
The Redding Frefe Press reports the
sale of the Chloride-Bailey group of gold
claims . on Canyon Creek, Trinity. County,
by Charles Sweeney and wife of Spokane
to the Trinity County Gold Mining Com
pany. Homer Wilson of San Francisco is
reported to be concerned In the property.
The assertion is made that • the transac
tion represents $1,000,000. The Bedding
Free" Press says: . .
"Work in the new tunnel at the Cherry Hill
quartz mine on Cherry ! Creek has been sus
pended to put ln the air pipes. This tunnel
Is in over 000 J feet," and may t be extended to
1500 or 2000 feet. The Portuguese Company,
working, a - hydraulic claim on Upper Green
horn; has . a large force kept . busy day and
night, to - take advantage of the abundant
supply of .water now running down Greenhorn
Creek into Yreka Creek. The Portuguese hy
draulic claims' at Hawklnsville are now
worked day and night, with 'the' ditch from
Greenhorn Creek across Yreka Flats running
afull head of water, , likely to continue until
the 4th of July. The Leall de Costa- hydraulic
claim at the lower end of Cherry Creek is run
ning day and night with good success and an
abundance of water. , • ' • ' •
Korthenj. Counties.
- The Treka Journal* reports the follow
ing: , ,. ¦
excellent, it being possible to obtain a pressure
of 200 feet, . .
Hews in Army Circles.
Major General Young bade farewell. to
the assembled members of the department
staff at the Phelan building yesterday
morning. In company with Lieutenant
McKinley, Fourteenth Cavalry, he left for
"Washington. D. C, last night, A board of
officers at the Presidio is drawing up
plans for the extensive Improvement and
adornment of the reservation. Captain
William Wilson of the medical depart
ment has been relieved from his duties
at Fort McDowell and will leave shortly
" t '>r the Philippines.
A company composed of wealthy men. amonir
whom are Colonel J. E. Doollttle and Alexander
Brown, chairman of the State Board of Equali
zation, which secured a. bond on 1400 acres of
land along the Tuolumne River, near La
Grange are fast perfecting arrangements to
dredge the stream for gold. The company Is at
present negotiating for the possession of 600
acres more, which it will doubtless get. This
is a proposition of great magnitude and will in
volve an outlay of a large sum of money
Another proposition of interest and greatness
Is the proposed construction of an electric plant
a J Jr*. Gran S« to furnish power to the mines
of Calaveras. Tuolumne and Maripoea counties
ana ror lighting purposes also. The La Grange
ditch and water rights of 2000 inches of water
have already been bonded, and it Is expected
to commence the construction of th« plant th«
coming summer. The gentleman named abcv«
are also Interested in this company. The pro
posed site for the electric plant Is eald to b«
The San Bernardino Sun reports that
several mines have been recently sold in
San Bernardino County.' Among tlTese
are the Fearnot mine and the Royal No.
2 and the Oro Grande mines in the Silver
Mountain mining district.
The Stockton Independent says:
The old machinery which has been used at
the Afterthought mine ln the Furnaceville dis
trict for many years Is being hauled into Red
ding and will be shipped away. New and tiie
latest improved machinery will replace the old.
Local mining men are positive that the Aft
erthought property has passed Into the hands
of the Tarbet syndicate, but no deeds to that
effect have yet been placed on record In Shasta
County- For some time rumors have been ln
circulation to the effect that work was soon to
be resumed at the Afterthought, and now it is
said that miners will be put to work in the
tunnels and shafts. In addition to the old ma
chinery now being hauled to Redding sacked
ore is also being brought in for shipment to the
tidewater smelter at Vallejo Junction. The
resumption of work at the Afterthought will
mean a prosperous lease of life to the Furnace
ville district and Insure the rapid development
of other good properties.
Fisk mine, near Emigrant Gap. elevation
5850 feet; Zuyver Bros.' mine at Emigrant
Gap, 5S35 feet elevation.
The Redding Searchlight says:
In. Furnaceville District.
The preceding are all quartz mines. It
may surprise many to learn that there
are placer propositions at an altitude of
more than a mile above sea level. Among
such are the following according to the
data supplied by the register:
Atlantic tiling near Eureka, elevation 5450
feet: California mine, near Washington, .ele
vation 5200 feet; Caledonia mine, near Meadow
Lake, elevation 7400 feet; Columbia, Meadow
Lake, C900 feet; Gambrlnus mine, Washington,
5070 feet; Last Chance and Pinney, Maybert.
5400 feet; Oro Fino, Meadow Lake 7300 feef
Spanish, Washington, 6200 feet.
Under the heading of quartz mines Ne
vada County is shown by the register to
have 234 such properties. The place*
mines of the county number 26 and tne
hydraulic mines five. The latter mines
are located respectively at Nevada City
(2), North San Juan, Dutch Flat ana
North Bloomfield. The mills and arastras
make. a. good list, numbering seventy
seven in alL Under the heading of mis
cellaneous mines are Included copper
claims, barites and caJcite, kaolin and
granite and marble, the last being black,
mottled and variegated. Grass Valley
and Nevada City naturally loom up in
prominence in connection "with the min
ing industries of Nevada County. These
two places are the center of at least 192
mining enterprises. They also have a
great share- of the mills, having credited
to them 40 out of a total of 77 in the
county. Electricity makes a smaller
showing as motive power for the mills
than might be supposed. In fact there
are only four electrical plants credited In
the register, which belong respectlvey to
the Brunswick mill, the Gold Hill, the
Pennsylvania and the W. Y. O. D., all
near Grass Valley. Water and steam are
used in the majority of the mills operat
ing. Gasoline as a motive power is em
ployed at the Rose Hill mine only. There
are several mines at an elevation, ap
proximatey, of one mile above the sea
level in Nevada County, as the following
list segregated from the register of the
county willshow: . . -" ¦¦¦¦/ ¦¦;¦
Hundreds of Quartz Mines.
The mineral wealth of Nevada County,
California, forms the subject of the
latest register issued by the State Min
ing Bureau. Like preceding registers for
other counties the purpose of the one re
lating to Nevada County is to give infor
mation concerning the gold mines, quartz,
drift, hydraulic, placer, etc., as well as
to supply a llst'of mills and arastras; also
to supply Information relative to each of
the minerals mined or commercially used.
With the register is a topographical map
showing all mineral locations. The mines
are numbered ln a table and the corre
sponding number on the map gives the
precise location of the mining property.
E. B. Edson of Slskiyou County, -whose
candidacy for Governor was recently an
nounced In the Yreka Journal, arrived ln
the city yesterday from the north. He
was greeted by many of his Grand Army
comrades, who gave him assurances of
support.
Forty-Third District
At a meeting of the Forty-third Assem
bly District Republican Club, Colonel R.
B. Treat presiding, the following delegates
were elected to attend the League Con
vention of Republican Clube at San Jose:
R. B. Treat. W. W. Sanderson, Melville
Hermann, Dr. C. T. Deane, Andrew A.
Guavini, Norman H. Hurd, Dr. S. S. Par
tello, J. E. Slinkey, Captain I. W. Lees.
Percy E. Fuller, A. W. Martin, William
E. Abadle, Robert N. Risdon and E. A.
Leigh.
One year before Wells' defeat for Mayor
San Francisco gave the Republican na
tional ticket 10,000 majority and won the
trophy, which signifies that San Fran
cisco is the banner Republican County ol
California. Gage's election in 1898 was due
in a measure to the fact that Burns and
Herrin were kept in the background.
Judge Carpenter aptly remarks: "There
was seme doubt in 1S98 whether Gage was
the railroad's candidate, but there is no
doubt in this campaign." It may be
Burns' policy to get all the State patron
age that can be obtained from this ad
ministration and then drop Gage. The
politicians, however, - contend that Herrin
and Burns will fight to the finish for
Gage's renomination, and if successful
will undertake the work of manipulating
the Democratic State Convention with the
purpose of securing the nomination of
pome weak man or blatant demagogue as
Gage's opponent.
Is Banner County.
There was a notion at first that nerrin,
Burns and Gage might • get together a
day or two before the I convention and
programme the ticket from top to bottom,
but the expressions of the independent
Republican newspapers of the, State have
convinced the politicians that the people
•will not stand for that sort of machine
¦work. Alliances on the .part of candi
dates for Lieutenant Governor, Treasurer,
Secretary of State, Attorney General,
State Printer, Controller, Surveyor and
Superintendent of Schools may be found
desirable for Gage, but they will do no
good to the aspirants for minor offices.
In the late municipal campaign all the
Republican aspirants for otnee from the
I»ayor down turned over their delegations
to Burns and Herrin. The ticket was pre
pared for the convention and adopted by
the delegates without a break in the pro
gramme. The result was defeat at the
polls, as twenty thousand Republican
voters in the city refused to accept boss
orders. It is now dawning on the minds
of many politicians that Burns is a Bour
bon. He learns nothing and forgets noth
ing. He lost the campaign for Estee; he
lost his own campaign, and, to cap the
climax, lost the campaign for Wells.
People Disfavor Machine.
The State campaign will be further en
livened by an army of aspirants for the
nomination for Attorney General on the
Republican ticket. It is now regarded as
certain that Tirey L. Ford will be ap
pointed to the responsible position of at
torney for the United Railways cf San
Francisco, and therefore will not be a
candidate for another term as Attorney
General. As long as the impression ex
isted that Ford would be a candidate be
fore the convention for renomination,
there seemed to be no inclination to put
any one forward to oppose blm, because
his abilities as a lawyer and his fidelity
to the public interests were recognized
throughout the State. The politicians as
sert that he can have another term in
the- office of Attorney General if he so
desires, but inside intelligence is to the
effect that he is out of tne race 'and the
Held Is open to all comers.
A few months ago the candidates for
the favor of the Republican State con
vention were anxious to obtain a footing
in the Gage camp, but their ardor in this
respect has weakened in the light of sub
sequent developments.
Race for Attorney General
May Enliven the Next
Campaign.
Delvers for Ore Actively
Maintain Search in
Mountains.
Pacts About Its Mining
Properties Told
Officially.
Tirey L. Ford Does Not
Want Another Term
of Office.
FIELD IS OPEN
FOR ASPIRANTS
NEVADA COUNTY
SHOWS UP WELL
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, SUKD AY, MARCH 30, 1902.
40
(^ivEasfer #5
All heavy brass trim- $fPI|jpft'
icings— two extra trays,
double strapped — an ex- f^
cellent value - at $9.50, WJ If/
reduced for a few day3 : svV Wl.
"We also put on sale •;'^^^»
a cheaper trunk, but a
good value for the money. Regula?
price S3.5O— reduced to
128 ElliS St. AbovePoweft
[ Hale's.
-f^j^^rin rnnrn
Women's
Dress Hats.
Plenty yet. O — O
This wouldn't be] Yglj^
the good hat store EVERYWHERE ¦
it is if we pleased TO-DAY.
vmi nn*. wept inr< If y° u fal1 ln
you one week ana i ove wlth . t he«r be-
disappointed you coraingnesa and
the next. The salon , »impien«w. co™e
... , , r 11 an "i 8 et ° ne — not
Will look as full all sold yet.
and as pretty to- t>: — ¦ "yO
morrow as it did last Monday, notwith-
standing we sold so many hundreds of
hats last,week. It wasn't so much the
low prices (though they couldn't be
lower — $2.50 to $25.00), as it. was the
beauty and appropriateness of the hats.
Traveling Bags.
Unusual Values.
Lent is ever. Now every one
will be on the go.. If your bag is
travel-stained replace it with a
- xxere arc some gooo ones^ iomi
Black rubber cloth, steel . frame. Ja-
panned handle, 14-inch, roomy, strong. -
Club Bag 60c. ¦¦.-
Sheepskin, pressed to look like alligator,
cloth lined, steel frames, nickel lock and
trimmings, 18 inches. Handy for school
girls, or even shopping, to say nothing of
its convenience for toilet articles on the
Congress Bag $1.75.
Grain leather, brass lock and trimmings,
extra well stitched handles, measures IS
Inches. ' :•'¦','
This Congress Bag $3.45.
Genuine grain leather, %xtra deep, steel
frame, cloth lining, stitched leather han-
dles, olive shade, 16 inches.
Alligator Ciub Bags.
Leather covered frames and leather
lined, gcod lock and catch. . They would
last a life time if they have good care.
Three sizes:
$3.85— 12-inch ones.
$4.50— 14-inch ones.
$5.23 — 16-inch ones.
Cabinet Bag $3.15.
Grain leather, cloth lined, steel frame,
stitched leather handles, 15-inch ones. Un-
usually good, unusually cheap.
Canvas Telescopes.
Brown with leather on the corners, two
straps run all around, leather handles,
riveted.
13-inch ones, $1.43.
20-inch ones, $1.75.
Dress Suit Case $1.95.
Rubber cloth, riveted on the ends, guar-
anteed waterproof, ordinary size, 22-lncli.
:Hale's. '"/, ,'¦ | Hale's. I : Hale's.
Thousands of Yards of Every Good Kind of
, Very Much Underpriced.
$1427.50 mil be saved you in -black taffetas alone, to say nothing of Peau de Soies, Duchess and
Moires— same high-grade stuff we sell right along. Not a yard imperfect or inferior — all new.
— and in face of high prices. Why, this Swiss taffeta at 60c would cost us more than that in
wholesale market to-day. There's hardly a -weaver with nerve enough to quote prices on Fall
silks. He doesn't know what he is going to pay. Raw silk is scarce. Ribbons have taken more
of it this spring than ever. The increased output of tailored suits has called for more, silk linings
and trimmings. Silk skirts and silk wraps have" eaten up silks faster than anything else. This silk
vogue has only started. Silks are scarce and getting scarcer every day. So you can see
It'll Pay You to Buy Ahead at These Prices.
We'll have to ask higher prices when we buy again. We could advance our prices now — if
we were merely after more, dollars. (Fine opportunity to make money.) Best oppor-
tunity we've had to make friends for the. store. We are here to serve you. We use every
advantage we can to buy the goods you want as cheap as we can. Then charge you a small uni-
form commission for the transaction. So it was with these silks. We saw they were going tip long
before they did. We bought (and ¦ in such extraordinary quantities) as to make the low prices
lower still. So it is we can sell
Very Fine Grade Swiss Taffeta 60c.
22 inches wide. 75c is as low as we've yet been able to sell it. Likely be worth 90c when we buy again.
Same Quality 2T inches wide, TO c. -. •
>Yard Wide Taffeta 75c. 85c Peau de Soies 65c.
We never heard of it ever ( being less than 05c before. 19 inches wide, pure silk, standard quality.
Worth even more than that to-day. Heavy and brilliant. Heavy Moire Silks $1 00.
_ Heavier qualities (36 inches), 90c, $1.00. ' 21 and 27 inches wide; something extra good.
Dollar Grade^TafEeta Tuc-24 inches .wide., ; Heavier than $ 1m 50 Embroidered Taffetas $1.00.
8r.25 On GuSrantee e d b T a ffeS ¦* *"*" *
ypu know what "guaranteed" means. Hold us to dollar xx • L nt 1 n j- , r
and quarter'a worth of quality for dollar's worth of 44-mch Black Grsnadmes 75c.
money. r^/'- ;.' ' r Large and medium designs.
BiH Knit Underwear for Spring.
It's all ready — none but good underwear, such as only the best mills in the country make.
Many of -you would be surprised if you knew how particular we are to get the best. Some* mill-
men even laugh at us for being so "finicky" (way they put it). They say women don't bother
about such little points. Maybe they don't to us, but they do to one another. It's that personal
advertising we are after. When they talk about -.us .we are going to be sure they'll say something
nice. Now. we are ready for details — "•. : x }'^-
Women's Imported Swiss Mnderwear. Women's Fancy Lisle Thread Union Suits $1.00.
Swiss ribbed lisle thread vests, best quality sheer lisle Open down the front, handsomely finished with silk
K»ni?l / finished; colors, white, ecru, pink, shell stitch and pearl buttons, high neck, long sleeves,
sS^ee^ r™ Sh n€Ck ' M/ ankle ! en f h ", Colors, white, ecru pink, blue fnd black!
Women's Imported Swiss Union Suts Women s Lisle Thread Tights 50c Pair.
iZ«l ir\^»fuY ft 0W J SS . Unl °" °<f'*f' ¦¦ ¦¦ Superior quality and finish, silk tape drawing string at
r!l t ? fil 5 ' th fl re , a S union suits buttoned down the waist, come ankle length, open. Colors, white, ecru,
front, handsomely finished; colors, white, pink, blue and pink blue black . ¦ • v
black. Low neck, no sleeves, ankle length, $1.50. ,,, , o/ , .« '"'i/ V « •'--«-
High. neck,, short sleeves, ankle length, $1.75. Women S SleeveWSS Summer' Vests 8c. 10c.
High neck, long sleeves .ankle length ?1 85. : M, 12^ c .. 15c , 19c and 25c. Cream white taped neck and arm.
w 7J!!i«£L p l at !i r*t an i Tlghts ?' £ach - EcrTwhr^ m sst a F&
Hand finished, beautiful soft quality, vesta high necks, blue, ecru, white Richelieu ribbed, 15c. White, with
ecru pink blue and a bhick 0P€n: colors -whlte fancy Jace yoke and back, 19c. White cotton, extra large
The Best Children's 25c Underwear at I8c.
Vests, Pantalets and Drawers— It is one of the best values we've given in children's underwear. The price is lower
than it ever was before. The quality the same. The very garments for .this time of the year. Swiss ribbed white
cotton, vests with silk shell front, pearl buttons, covered seams; pants with silesia bands. Sizes 3 to 10 years 72
dozen on sale Monday morning for the first time, 18c. .. •>.
Children's 35c Vests and Pantalets at 22c.
rn a Just 4 What w ?u£ a J e b £?? wantin &- wh at you would be glad to get at 35c, so you can see what a bargain It is at 22"
Hhin »t 3 t e h rS o 6 Ll bb p 1 T hl^ e C0U £k a CS \ s a , nd P an i«. fl e e <* "ned. -The vests have satin band front, pearl buttons, sill:
time 22c 6 ' Seams covered - Slzes 3 . to 10 y ears - Monday morning for the first
Hale's. ¦
Window Shades,
New Price o"^"
—To build upQ '¦ "O
trade. I TELEPHONE
Splendid heavy fYPHAMrF
opaique shades in ¦" CAbllAliUL.
water, colors;. : ,602
light and- dark We are waiting
i green, tan,' terra- to deliver them,
cotta, size 7 feet byVJ. '.'.' .'.". — ... — ii
36 inches. Mounted on 15-16 patent
spring. rollers. . Each \ complete with
brackets, cord and nickel pull.
A. big money's worth at the right
time. •
Before we. leave the drapery store, we
must tell you of ' ;*
Some Extra Values In
Cottage" Curtains*
»JO Cents— 9C pairs, 2% yards longr, plain
Swiss with a four-inch ruffle. ••
75 , Cents— 200 pairs ecru or white' Not-
tingham curtains, 3 yards long and 40
! inches wide; good strong: patterns, very
suitable for small bedroom or basement
windows.
$1.2»5— 300 pairs ecru or white Notting-
ham curtains, 3^ yards long and 50 to
54 inches wide; ¦ some good patterns,
mostly plain centers with small figure.
Curtain Swiss, 20 c.
20 pieces, colored, in pretty floral or
striped effects.. A timely buy for your
summer cottage windows. The colors
arc perfectly fast, 36 inches wide.
X New
Pillow Tops
In "greater, and choicer variety
than ever. - .
Tapestry, lithographed or tint-
ed tops in all the favorite desigris:
Let's just look at these
Tapestry Tops 55c.
Pretty to look upon, but best of all
they wear. . . . .
Another Tapestry Top S5c_It has a
floated figure! looks like hand em-
broidery. The colors and designs are"
entirely different to any we have yet
shown. '¦ ¦
Lithographed Tops.
¦ Some new subjects — "Hearts Are
Trumps," "Timidity," *The -Poppy
Girl," all extremely pretty, • to be jjreat
favorites this season; 50c each, ready to
be made up.
Tinted Tops.
Among which are the Smoker, entitled
"Clouds of Joy." Another, "Don't Mind
Papa." "Euchred," kittens holding
a basket. Another, "The Beauty and
the Beast," "The ; Ballet Girl' —all
new, charming pieces, tops and backs, '
50c. ''¦.'-'"¦ '.¦ ¦ ¦
Cords end Tassels /
To match our tops | : are ready, every
jjood combination, 45c each.
Small Silk Cord and Tassels for tying
corners of pillows, I»c each.
Silk Floss Pillows.
So big, so good, so well filled, they
are going like every thine at these
prices:
i»Oc....l6-tnch { 3»c. •• -22-inch .
S. ye... lS-inch { 42c....2Mnch .¦<
30c... .20-inch { 50c- ...26-inch
Dainty Cottons for Summer Dresses.
I The, display is at its best this week— full and broad and .suggestive— worth seeing. \
~*.aw Th e summer .girl will revel in them. They mean prettier dresses Silk Embroidered Albatross. 50c— Soft, crepy stuff, modest and
BAr* *nd more winning styles for her than anv she has seen this season dressy, evening shades, 27 in. •v. y '^'^^»
fif£)fi Perhaps of them all she will be taken fi«t vrith the LtaS^Colored 2^™ ° f the * eW Wash materIals In Dresden and lace satla /$§££&
*!^&3iel Stuffs which we are showing this week in interesting variety. Batiste' 1 o<— Corded stripes. 34 in. :-'. : -¦ 6^5^'SfiKL/
Silk-and-Linen Tissues 4Oc ."><>e— 28 inches wide What hidden Silk-Like Mousseline de Soie. ."»Oc— Something- dainty and as sim- J=s££** 3*3>
|lj*£|L .beauty lies'in every fold-fine and silky, transparent. Put it over 2 P 9 in'ohS. 0811 be ' ""^ wlthbut plaIn dots and yet how. attractive! ./T^J
pink or white, to catch all its charms. . Embroidered. Swisses. 25c— Among which are some of the richest /£f Efia 2 *^?
*^j&i$®&lPjk Or this NoveltV Linen-Set off with dime dots woven here and there, colorings shown this season; the patterns are those pretty zigzag /><^ \^*S$S8v.'
T^K^y^^O^l Or pure Natural Linen (from Belfast), plain 20c a yard, striped Dress Qinehams. 10c— Pretty stripes and;, checks, colors we have 1^0^^^^^^
*££&l£$l*m 25c and 30c. 30 inches wide. p never shown before, a perfect wash goods, popular for dresses or Kj^^L-^a^^^
\\ zf^VV. BUt thG m ° St strikin « valuo °f all in the linen colored stuffs is this: . waists, 2J> inches. . 0f^»j¥^2
¦••••\«l tHlw Linen Batiste 1 2}ic. 1 00 'Dress Ginghams at 6c. \jrW®/\\
;.:;. : . \ \kls<*ji\ 2S 'nches wida. ir. tlowored designs, delicate and refined; it has an air A ™ mmon , dre ss goods and a staple one. The kind you like to get a \~\
• • '• f \ xS^YV.h and tone one seltlom Bets at il'V^o ' ' bargain in, checks, stripes and broken plaids, 6c beginning to-morrow 7 > ZirxL\i!<r K^ I \
. I: ' •:. / \Js.y / iPr Y ? s> l Inen colored" stuffs are the popular fabric this spring, and Hale's morning. „,,.', ". ,. r^f^y \\\
•"¦ "/ ' TSrSfen^vV*. -nr 3 the i,P°P ular piac? for them. . White India Linon 1 2*Ac. , f I £\\:3
- 5 •• •/! ¦ ' WIT T ™™l*« and stripes. 30 V?^ tae - 5&S £g& f ° F thG m ° ney tban y0U U3Ual * 1 1 4MV
V ; V : l\ /^N&j&f' es ' White Oreandie. 25c-Plaln, 68 inches. • 1 : '.J i_i j^_ . "|
¦ : :M : i^: - Unusual .Offers in .New Laces.. u M
Kfc&L~. M^ . 1 ..™ej^^^ Good and dainty, J|V /k'i\
r£m^m$ t^lo-^Yu^^^ each one g Ah J£B
#J^^A^W 9C Normandy Valenciennes and Point de Paris Laces, not a yard . JU$ \
.X&U foflt&Hr h £•« Torchon Laces 1«. to 3 irchps wl<v- Insertion* ,,r> tn ,u • u y worth less than 12V£c, mosc of them 15c and 20c. and see how wide— /^lfl\\JL //' jr mWl A
&K^M^&^ H NoSSSd^Valenciennes^ Sd'iStot"^^.^.^ -^"SS: = 'nches-with insertions igtoiSft inches; close to fifty different pat- U/ 'f^MW^ UW\
i&foo^,irL d^ n e ch n 4.i p d a e uerns - * ine Mechiin slip ggSjl £$ ss^s? £?«&& p and scrou designs - Galoons - ° c -
XfV" Mechlin^Laces, 9c— Worth up to 20c; 1 to 2 inches wide; pretty for Valenciennes and Nottinerhams— Cream and white, 1 to 2 inches M^^*^^ 5 -
-^f f fi&T~ **Bf ¦ ¦ Black Chantilly Q aloons, In regular stock, 15c and 20c; Black Chantilly Laces, 9c— "Worth up to 13c and up to 4
%M ™- ffiffi^M' tO G lnChGS Wlde - Pay 25C ln o^P^tern^S W <m>*«SL
MJ^GOtoO^^ \tV&ST^^^L WM^
T— . white, cream, ecru and Arabian shades,.15c; regularly 25c. 'A and ecru; SSS£ g SS% %i to-d\y O f or tt^&t'lteS: »TSl -^^O^COOD^^
I Three Piece Parlor Set; |
i Three especial points of merit— -^v I
I Comfortable. Graceful, Durable. I
* Polished, Mahogany finish frame, Mercer-silk I
f tapestry cover. Full spring seats. $12 75 1
| EVERY HOME NEEDS I
I A FEW INEXPENSIVE CURTAINS §
| We have a hundred extra pair, in two patterns, I
bought to make up shipment; that you can have i
this week at reduced prices. 3^ yds x 45 in.— I
$1.25 Fishnet. Scroll border. 85 c. a pair. I
$2.50 Floral, Panel border, $1.75 a pair. I
I " The Credit HouseV .Six Stories.HisK. 1
I 233 r 235-237P6sf Street. Phone ' Private £x 37 I