Many Men Injured
During the Street
Encounters.
Chicago Police and
Teamsters Fight
Fiercely.
Strife and Bloodshed
Mark Progress of
One Strike.
FURIOUS
RIOTING
IS BEGUN
Dawning -of Peace Is
Followed by Good
Wishes.
Many Congratulatory
Messages Received
by King Edward.
Streets of Metropolis
Have a Carnival
Appearance.
BRITISH
PEOPLE
REJOICE
LONDON GIVES WAY TO WILDEST JOY
OVER CLOSE OF SOUTH AFRICAN WAR
NEW RULER AND FORMER RULERS OF ¦ THE BOERS; THE MAX/WHO SCHEMED TO ADD THE AFRICAN RE
PUBLICS : TO BRITISH DOMAIN,- BUT. DID NOT LJVE TO SEE HIS DREAM FULFILLED; CAPTAINS
' ' OF FIGHTING MEN AND BRITISH. STATESMEN WHO URGED THE WAR. . -
;y and in three minutes the ' crowd was
broken and in ; full ."flight. Forming his
men around t the ;.wagons Once . more Col
lins.,, started -.on; his ;march.V> As- soon .'as
The most interesting scenes were those
witnessed along ' the Strand and Hol
born. These two great thoroughfares
were practically impassable to traffic ex
cept at a walking pace from early till
late to-night. Everybody was happy and
everybody, made a noise. One very amus
ing feature was that while comparatively
few sang "God Save the King" every
body shouted ..in chorus "Dolly
Gray" at the top ., of their voices.
Some enterprising - dealer in paper
lanterns had a brilliant Idea. These
lanterns when closed looked .like a
thin slice of pumpkin, but when opened
formed half a sphere of gaudy paper in
colors with the design of the union jack.
By cutting off one side of the pasteboard
brim the lanterns when opened resembled
on . the 'whole day prices in many cases
closed fractionally lower.
Continued on' Page Two.
Y Jf IS EXCELLEXCY LORD MII.XKR; his Excellency Mr.
m B Steyn, General Bremner. General C. R. Dewet nnd
JL JL Judge Ilertzog. acting in behalf of the Orange Free
State, and General .. Schalk-Burger, . General Reitx,
General Louis Botha and General Delarey, acting for their
respective burghers, desiring to terminate the present hos
tilities, agree to the following terms:
First— The burgher forces in the leld will forthwith
lay down their arms and hand over all their gnns, rifles nnd
ammunition In their possession or under their control, dc
•list from farther resistance and acknowledge' King Ed
ward VII as their lawful . sovereign. The manner and de
tails of this surrender will, be arranged bet-ween. Lord
Kitchener and Commandant General Botha. ' assisted by
General Delarey and Chief Commandant Dewct.
Second— AH burghers outside the limits of the Trans
vaal and Orange River Colony, and all prisoners of war at
present outside South Africa, who arc burghers, will, on
duly declaring their acceptance of tb.0? position of' ttabjc'Cts
of his Majesty, be brought back-to their home* n* soon as
means of • transport '.can be provided and means' of subsist
ence- assured. ¦".•¦•- -¦'-'. ¦'¦¦ •-.-/¦>'¦¦• "'¦¦*¦¦'; '¦;*¦¦."'.¦
Third — The ; burghers so, returning will, not be deprived
of their personal liberty, or property. ". /' .'
Fourth— No proceeding,: civil or criminal,: will be taken
against any burgher's surrendered or ¦ returning .'.tor ¦ any
nets In connection with the prosecution, of the: war. The
benefits of this clause do 'not extend to certain acts- coni
trary to the usages of war, rrhieh had been notified by the
rommnnder-in-chlef to the Boer generals, and' which sbnll
lie tried by court-martia 1 -after the close 'of Hostilities. <; \
/_ Fifth— The Dutch language will bcWnnghtln the public
xchools of the Transvaal and Orange : River i Cplony, h where
the parents desire It, and will be allowed Inr the courts of
law." for the ljetter and more effectual -administration of
justice. '• ¦ ' '"¦¦-¦ " ./•v. '."/.•> ~~;.[u: ¦¦_]¦¦¦_ '¦',''¦ ¦.•.,¦;. '-:¦ :¦„¦¦'¦¦
Sixth — Possession of -rifles will be [ alloyred in'";the
Trnnsvnnl ,aud Orange. RlTer.,; Colqny,.- ta persons
them for their protection, on taking: out a license,y»ccord-
Ing (o lawn. - ; . . -, : ¦ ¦-' . , • *..' ...¦"
.'. Seventh— The- military administration of the\Trans
raal and Orange River',- Colony trill, at the earliest possible
date, he succeeded by a civil -government, and, as ; soon as}
circumstances permit,- representative Institutions ¦ leading
up 'to- self-government Will be introduced. ' ; \ ."
, ElKhth— TheV-qncntloH of granting the franchise to na
.tlves.-Tvlll not be decided until , after the Introduction* of
melf-Rpvernment. ..»,.. .
.- .\in <li- — \o npecinl tn.v Trill.be imposed on land property
In the Traiidvnnl'or Orange River Colony to- defray the'ex
penses of thc^vrnr. • . ,-.-.¦_ j
. Tenth— -Ag'noon as the condit'ions permit it, a commis
sion, on- which. the local inhabitants ;,\Till be, represented,
ivill -be appointed In each 'district of the Tran.ivnnl and Or
nnge, River Colony* under the supervision of a magistrate
or othcrTvine, r for the .purpose of ' assisting people : to 'their
homes, nnd . for those -irlio ¦ are not "able to ; provide ' for
themselves, etc., indispensable to the resumption of their
normal occupations; . His Majesty'" Government -will place
at 'the, disposal ot those commission* the »am of 3.000,000
pounds sterling:, and -will allow all notes Issued under the
law of JOOO of the South African Republic and all receipts
given up to officers In the field of the late republic, or un
der their order*, to be presented to a judicial commission,
which will; be appointed by the Government, and If such
notes and receipts are found by this commtMlon to have
been duly issued in return for valuable . considerations,
they will be received by the flrst-named commission as evi
dences of war- losses suffered by the persons to -which they
were • originally given. In' addition to the above named
free grant . of 3,000,000 pounds sterling his Majesty's Gov
ernment will be prepared to make advances on loans, for
the same purpose, free oC interest for two years, and after
ward repayable, over a period of years, with :; per cent In
terest. So foreigner or rebel will be; entitled to benefit
under this clause. ¦" ' - *
TERMS OF PEACE AGREEMENT BETWEEN BRITISH GOVERNMENT AND THE BOERS
• Continued ; on Page Two.
.: On the. Stock' Exchange there was a
scene of 'tremendous enthusiasm, mem
bers indulging in .all manner of horse
play.' At 11 o'clock , the whole house be
came silent, and Charles Clarke, mount
ing a bench, conducted the singing of the
national anthem. . Never before has this
great. hymn : been more impressively, ren-:
dcred at the Stock Exchange than to-day,:
¦when some 14.000 voices blended in one
great 'volume. Dealings opened with a
rush, . and at : first prices went up. but a
reaction due to profit-taking ensued and
A great crowd was ] early around the
Mansion House, but despite much cheer
ing the - Lord Mayor did not make a
speech.; . .. - >
CLARKE LEADS HYMN.
£ther, good-naturedly. The first official
celebration took place at the City of Lon
don School, where the Lord Mayor an
nounced the news in a speech and gave
the boys a half holiday.
. . saw that many revelers of the
night before had no intention of going to
bfcd, but were preparing for another day's
jubilation: c As the sun rose all the streets
began to put on a flag-bedecked appear
ance. No British workman sallied forth
to labor, but to celebrate, and in many
instances took his. wife and children with
him." 'Each carried a small union jack.
By 10 o'clock the principal streets were
junimcd with a laughing, shouting, "sing
ing crowd, members of which jostled each
-w- ¦'• ONDON, June 2.— London went
> M • . wild - with joy to-day. , Its
'"¦¦ mj f ' ' streets seemed most enthusias
¦¦;B. ,-. 'tic in the manifestations. Early
n iifiy . in the morning any one abroad
Special Cable to The Cull -""^ tV
: New f> Yoric Herald. Copyright,
. 1902, by the New. York Herald
Publishing Company.
The police fell back : until , they had
formed a compact, mass ... close to the
wagons and then on Lieutenant Collins'
order, drew their revolvers ..and' charged
the crowd once more. This tune the fight
was more desperate, than before, and it
was over in much less time." The police
struck down numbers of men and used
their clubs and revolver butts with ener-
POLICE WIN BATTLE.'
man got to the man from the gas house,
and when it was over the leader was car
ried off by his friends with his head and
face covered with blood.- The police made
no attempt to arrest him, for th'ey. had
their hands full with hundreds pf men
and women who er*owded around them
and fought viciously with anything they
could lay .their hands upon. The 'crowd
increased so rapidly that Lieutenant Col
lins soon saw that his men would be over
powered unless he" took Vigorous action. at
once.. He ordered the "men to fall back
slowly toward the wagons and the crowd,
seeing in" this action, a token of victory,
pressed in with shouts and the volleys of
stones came more quickly. ..
"KILL THE COPS FIRST.".
The mob was led by a large man who
came from the gas house near Crosby
and who continually called to. his follow
ers to "Kill the cops first and hang the
scabs afterward." Finally a big police-
Finally one teamster refused to pull his
team out of the way of the meat wagons
and the police placed ; him under arrest.
Then the fight commenced. In an instant
a shower of stones, rhud and sticks fell
around and upon the officers, bruising
some of them badly. Lieutenant Collins
ordered the march of the meat wagons
stopped and at once charged the crowd.
The crowd refused to budge when the po
lice came on. A large number of women
who came to the aid of the strikers were
the fiercest fighters' of. the lot. One police
man was knocked down with a brick and
his companions then drew; their clubs and
made war with such energy that in. a
few minutes the street was filled with
men wltli bleeding heads.
riGHTING COMMENCES.
repeated, much to the delight of the im
mense crowd that. was following' on."
ers and their sympathizers.
The fighting began on the West Pidc
shortly after noon, and in different parts
of the city continued practically^ all the
afternoon. The most serious trouble of the
day occurred >n Crosby street, in the dis
trict known in police circles as "Little
Hell." A detachment of policemen under
the command of Lieutenant Collins was
escorting a number of wagons loaded
with meat to the distributing stations
¦down town. A large crowd followed the
wagons, shouting and jeering and now and
then sending a stone over the heads of the
officers in the direction of the men on the
meat wagons. The line of wagons es
corted by the police was frequently
ctopped by other teamsters, who would
manage to pull across the street just in
the proper place to prevent the meat
wagons from making any progress. The
police would order the men away and In
a few minutes the performance would be
*»IirCAGO. June 2.— Riot and
g bloodshed marker] the progress
fl of the teamsters' strike to-day.
RV J There were numerous fights be
>52&^ tween Hie police and the strik-
VOLUME XCII-NO. 3.
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY^ c JUNE K 3, 1902.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
The San Francisco Call.Experts "Will Testify as to
the Condition of the White
Swan Mine.
Defens9 Begins the In
troduction of Its
Evidence.
BALLIET'S TRIAL
IS NEARING END
Piles Cured Without the Knife.
Itching, Blind Bleeding or Protruding Pilta.
No cure, No Pay. All druggists are authorized
by manufacturers of Pazo Ointment to refund
¦ money where It falls to cure any case of piles.
Ino matter of how long standing. Cures ordinary
cases in six days; worst cases in fourteen days.
One application gives ease and rest. Relieves
Itching instantly. This Is a new discovery, and
i 13 the only pile remedy sold on positive, guar
antee, no cure, no pay. A free sample will be
sent by mall to any one sending name and ad
dress. Price, 60c. If your druggist don't keep
it in sto*k send 50c in stamps and we will for
ward full size box by mail. Manufactured by
PARIS MEDICINE CO., St. Louis, Mo., who
also manufacture the celebrated cold cure.
Laxative Bromo-Quinine Tablets.
SACRAMENTO, June 2. — Thomas Carroll, a
laborer on the Southern Pacific, -while asleep on
a sidetrack at Cisco last evening, was run over
by a locomotive and killed.
King Edward has received a messaage
from the Pope which conveys sincere
congratulations on the re-establishment
of peace in South Africa.
While London went temporarily mad in
a saturnalia of rejoicing over the news
from South Africa, the telegraph nerve
system of the empire throbbed respon
slvely. From Canada and Jamaica in the
west, and from India and Australia in
the east, came messages of congratula
tion and reports of local rejoicings. Gib
raltar, Malta, Cairo. Bombay and Mel
bourne each recorded the enthusiasm
with which the news of peace was re
ceived.
King Edward has been the recipient of
a large "number of congratulatory tele
grams from European sovereigns and
Princes; A message from Emperor* "Wil
l?am is understood to have been of a
particularly gratifying character.
CONGRATULATORY MESSAGES.
Another feature of to-night's rejoicings
which reminded one of July 14 in Paris
was street dancing. Ordinarily "pubs"
and Illumination monopolize the bulk of
attention of the populace, but to-night
one could not but be struck by the
thought that half of the people in the
streets were dancing to the accompani
ment of pianos, organs, shrieking cor
nets and twanging banjos. For hours it
seemed girls and young men, "well
dressed and respectable-looking people,
too, jigged, polkaed and waltzed to the
niusic ground out to them. '* '-
' With the approach o? evening the
crowds were augmented by those who
had been compelled to attend their dav
duties. Many of- the large business
houses and public institutions turned on
illuminations which had been prepared
for coronation time.
DANCING IN THE STREETS.
a jockey's, cap, and as such were sold
and worn by tens of thousands. Even
horses were made to don them.
'HAMILTON. Bermuda, 'June 2.— The
Boer j prisoners here are greatly . pleased
with the announcement of pe.acc in South
Joyous by Peace News.
Boers Detained on Bermudas Made
PLEASES THE. PRISONERS.
Thurston Gets Eight Years.
SUISUN, June 2.— Julius T. Thurston
was to-day sentenced to eight years in
San Quentin for the killing of Willie Viola
Rodgers, a negress, in Vallejo. Thurston
is 21 years of age and hails from Redwood
City. He enlisted in the Marine Corps
last December.
General Dewet signed for the Orange
Free State delegates because: Steyn nomi
nated him "Acting President'-' '.on retiring
from the conference.
The last message of Lord Milne/ to
Chamberlain, June 1,, after the signing of
the peace agreement, mentions that
Steyn 1 s name was omitted from the signa
tures because, he was too ill. to come to
Pretoria, adding that he had' already
taken his parole." *• ; '¦•¦¦¦' '¦':'¦¦
' LONDON, June 2.— A Parliamentary pa
per issued to-night gives the correspond
ence preceding the peace agreement. From
this it appears that General Schalk-Bur
ger (acting President of the Transvaal) in
formed Lord Kitchener March 12 that he
was prepared to make peace proposals. A
month later the Boer delegates submitted
propositions. On April 13 War Secretary
Brodrick refused to entertain any proposi
tion based. on tHe independence of the're
publics. Subsequently President Steyn of
the Orange Free State and Generals
Schalk-Burger and Botha declared that
the Surrender of independence must be
submitted to the burghers in the field.
The British Government expressed sur
prise at this attitude, but announced, its
willingness to accept the. Boers' surrender
on the same terms that Lord Kitchener
had previously offered General Botha, and
to give facilities for a consultation of the
Boer commandoes. On May 17 General
Schalk-Burger and Steyn informed Lord
Kitchener that the burghers assembled at
Vereeniging had empowered a commission
to negotiate peace terms, subject to ratifi
cation af Vereeniging. -Lord Milner, Lord
Kitchener and the Boer commission met
May 19. The latter offered to surrender
the independence of the republics as re
gards foreign relations; to surrender part
of, their territory and retain self-govern
ment under British supervision. These
proposals were forthwith rejected* ¦ The
same day Lord Milner, General Smuts and
Judge Hertzog drew up a form of agree
ment to be submitted to the conference at
Vereeniging _f or a yea or nay vote. Thia
was very similar to the final agreement,
and with few alterations was approved by
Chamberlain, who, in giving notice of his
approval, told Lord Milner he must inform
the Boers that unless it was accepted
within a fixed limit of- time the conference
would be considered -ended and his Maj
esty's Government would not be bound in
any way by the present declarations. The
Boers asked to be allowed until Saturday
night to give an answer, and- the result
was seen in the termination of- the war.
Agreement.
Correspondence Preceding the Peace
BOERS GIVE UP INDEPENDENCE.
TACOMA, June 2.— Shingle weavers
went cut on a strike this morning and
all the mills in Tacoma are idle except
the Tacoma Cedar Company, which start
ed with girls in the packing room. All
the mills expected to resume operation
this morning and the men were on hand,
but when they demanded the advance
fieale of wages adopted by the Shingle
Wearers' Union last week, the millmen
refused to pay it. saying there was not
fKJfficlent call for shingles to justify pay
ing higher wages. Then the men walked
out. About 200 men are effected by the
Rtrike.
Shingle Weavers on Strike. ¦
WASHINGTON, June 2.— Secretary
Moody has been informed of the findings
•of the court of inquiry which investigated
the conduct of the officers of the Chicago,
who were involved in the trouble at Ven
ice some weeks ago. This came in the
.shape of a cablegram from Admiral
Crowninshield at Castellamare. where lh"
European squadron is now lying. The de
partment deemed it well not to mak»
public at this time the conclusion reached
br the court. The present belief is that
t£e officials have not seen fit to recom
mend a court-martial, but in view of the
clemency generously extended by the
King of Italy to the imprisoned officers it
is regarded as politic not to publish any
crTiclusions by the court that perhaps
might reflect on the Italian Judges and
the police officers cf Venice.
Navy Department Deems It Best Not
. to Make It Public at Present
.' - Time.
REPORT OF THE COURT •
OF INQUIRY IS WITHHELD
One hundred 'and. sixty police officers
were transferred! -, from • the South Side
stations to.- the stockyards at midnight to
orevent tro'uble morning, if
is said, that the packing companies have
brought into Chicago several- carlpads of
colored'men^and. ithat, the mien' will be
placed at. work- to-m*orrow" 1 mt)rninR- if
this is done it' is thought; that- there may
be an outbreak irt the stockyards, and
the police are preparing to handle any
troubie that may result.' ;\- " ¦• ¦; ¦¦
g During t&e fighting, thirty-eight prison
ers were taken "by the , poUce and
locked up.
In the fight at the Twelfth-street via
duct, where the • police were severely
handled, ¦ Lieutenant .Moore was knocked
down and dazed by a stone. He recov
ered'within a short time. George Froh
ling,- a- butcher, was knocked down and
his skull fractured. He is In a serious
condition. . ? V
The six prisoner's were placed In a pa
trol' wagon and taken -to the Harrison
street station after -.several fights with
mobs. - *. . ' .
Patrol wagons from the Central, Har
rison-street, Twenty-second street. Cot
tage Grove Avenue and Thirty-fifth Street
stations were sent to the scene. The po
licemen surrounded the wagons and
foutjht back the crowds. Slowly the at
tacking- party gave way, and in the scrim
mage "the police- arrested six men, among
them Allen. Five patrol wagons were
detailed to accompany the meat wagons.
First the meat owners rescued the meat
from the muddy street, and then, under
heavy guard, drove to their places of
business.
A crowd awaited the wagons at the
packing plants and the drivers were hoot
ed and jeered, but there was no violence
until the wagons reached the Twelfth
street viaduct. There the crowds became
so large and so threatening that it was
deemed advisable to return the wagons to
the packing house plants. From a i few
hundred, the crowd had grown to thou
sands, and after the wagons had been
turned back they could not be driven
through the masses. The three policemen
accompanying them tried to frighten the
crowd by a display of weapons, but while
the policemen were attempting to guard
two wagons each the strikers and their
sympathizers removed the nuts on the
axles and cut the traces. The strikers
clambered into the wagons and threw
the meat into the street. The three po
licemen and the eight drivers, aided by
the owners of the shops, fought the mob,
but they were being rapidly overpowered.
Police Sergeant Mooney came to their
assistance. As he did so he was seen by
Edward Allen, colored. The negro, wield
ing a razor, threw himself at the police
sergeant. The two grappled and fought
in the «mud until the colored man, it Is
said, had cut the sergeant twice on the
head. Allen was then pulled away by
another policeman. Mooney was taken
to a hospital. .His. Injuries are not fatal.
SERIOUS NIGHT FIGHT.
To-night another serious fight took
place at Twelfth and State streets. Meat
was being removed from the packing
house plants by two retail firms, Frohlin
& Hcppe and Kettinger & Hoffher. There
were six wagons belonging to the first
Itrm and two to the second firm. In' th«
atterncon the wagons had been loaded
and a police escort was secured to ac
company the loads. The owners of the
butcher shops were with the loads to en
courage their men and offer such assist
ance as they could in the event of trou
l)le.
Hundreds of factory hands were being
dismissed from the neighboring -shops.
Scores of heavily: loaded wagons drove up
and- in five minutes Haisted street was
packed and jammed with teams - and
wagons for four blocks. The crowd shout
ed and jeered at the police when they at
tempted to induce the teamsters to move
on. The police attempted a display of
force, only to arouse the crowd again.
Then stones were thrown at the police
and the rioters were clubbed and dragged
into patrol wagons.
Finally, after pushing and fighting for
a long time the police managed to get the
meat wagons to the barns and the doors
were closed. .* • . •
By the time the barns were reached the
anger of jhe crowd had grown to lever
heat. An attempt was made to cross Hai
sted street, but in less than a minute a
block had been formed which it took' two
hours to release. The trouble at this
point began when a Halsted-street car
stopped airectly on the crossing. The car
was filled with passengers on their way
ftom work.' It was a peculiar coincidence
that. just as the pacKing house wagons
approached the crossing the current went
off. It was said that the trolley wire had
been cut. ¦ '• : " - •
the police started away the mob formed
again and although at a respectful dis
tance they kept after the wagons until
they reacned the barns at Haisted and
Division streets. In this fight about a doz
en of the policemen were badly bruised
and nearly all of them had torn clothinir.
Many more of the mob were badly used
up, but as they were all taken off by their
friends it is impossible to guess , at the
number. \ •. ¦..•¦- - - ¦ . ! -.
Africa, though a few of the irreconcila
bles are* sullen. Some of the Boers joined
in singing the. British national anthem
this morning.
The news of peace in South Africa was
communicated to the Boer prisoners in
the inclosures on Hawkins Island last
night. The prisoners were delighted and
received the news with great enthusiasm,
shouting, singing and hurrahing. Some
of them rushed wildly about, embracing
every English soldier they met, and said,
"Yesterday we were foes, but to-day we
are friends."
Drinks were served out to the Boers on
Hawkins Island and the rejoicing there
continued until a late hour.
The Boers on Tuckers Island also re
ceived the news with great joy. When
the .fact of peace was communicated to
them the prisoners went fairly wild,
shouting and singing the folkslied and
other hymns until 1 o'clock in the morn
ing. At reveille the band -of the "Warwick
Regiment moved up to the Tuckers v lslan'3
inclosure and played "Auld Lang Syne."
"Old 'Hundred'* and "God Save the
King," and in all of these airs the prison
ers 1 . Joined most heartily. Th'e peace news
was received by the prisoners oh the
other-islands here with similar manifesta
tions of ; joy. - ,,.
SYMPATHY FOR KRUGER;
Municipal Council of Paris Adopts an
Address.
PARIS, June 2.— The Municipal Council
adopted an address of sympathy with
Kruger, whose, "people have so valiantly
fought for right against might."
General Louis .Botha telegraphed to his
wife, who is at Brussels, yesterday that
he had signed the peace agreement and
would start fpr Europe. next month.
The Temps and the Journal des Debats
both, express satisfaction at the conclu
sion of peace. The Temps, however, s-ays
it considers the situation in Cape Colony
to be grave and thinks it Is probably caus
ing more anxiety to. the" British Govern
ment than' the recent belligerent republics.
Kruger Remains Silent.
UTRECHT, June 2.— Since the news was
received here that -peace had been con
cluded in South Africa, Kruger has de
clined to receive visitors or express any
opinion on the subject. The other Boer
delegates are disappointed at the outcome
nnd are not inclined to discuss, the,mat
ter. .
Pope Leo Expresses Joy.
ROME, June 2.— On receipt of the news
of conclusion of peace in South , Africa
the Pope expressed his joy, adding: "I
hope to close my. eyes on world-wide
peace." • .
: NEW YORK. June 2. — Justice Scott in the
criminal branch of the Supreme Court to-day
set September 22 as the date of the beginning
of the second trial of Roland B. Mollneux, ac
cused of the murder of Mrs. Kate J. Adams.
" 'His ¦ Majesty's Government is . in«
formed by the Cape Government that
its views regarding the terms to be grant
ed to British subjects in Cape Colony, now
in the field or | who have surrendered or
been captured since April 12, 1901, are as
follows: .With' regard to the rank and
tile, they should all, after surrender and
giving up their arms, sign a document
before the resident magistrate of the dis
trict in ¦ which they .surrender acknowl
edging themselves guilty of high ' treason,
and the punishment to be accorded them.
•' 'His Majesty's Government must place
on record that the treatment of the Cape
and Natal colonists who have been in re
bellion and who now surrender will, if
they return to their colonies, be deter
mined by the colonial courts and in ac
cordance wtih the laws of .the colonies,
and any British subjects who have joined
the enemy will be liable- to trial under the
law of that part of the British empire to
which they belong.. . ....•• • , ¦ ,
"'After handing the Boer delegates a
copy of the draft of the agreement I read
them a statement and gave them a copy
Of it as follows: . ' .
After he had concluded reading the
peace agreemnt Balfour proceeded: .
'•There are certain points not dealt with
in " the document I have just read, and
which was signed on Saturday. There
fore it- may be convenient if I read a dis
patch from Lord Kitchener to. the Secre
tary of State, for War, dated May 3, as
fellows;
POINTS ARE EXPLAINED.
Half our arose at 2:40 p. m. and announced
the terms of peace in South Africa, the
following being a synopsis of his state-
J The burgher forces lay down their arms
and hand over all their rifles, guns and
munitions of war in their possession or
under their control. All prisoners are to
be brought back as soon as possible to
South Africa without loss of liberty or
property. No action to be taken against
prisoners , except where they are guilty
of breaches of the rules of war. Dutch
is to be taught in the schools if desired
by the parents and used in the courts if
necessary. Rifles are allowed for protec
tion. Military occupation is to be with
drawn as soon as possible and self-gov
ernment substituted. There is to be no
tax on the Transvaal to pay the cost of
the war. The sum of £3,000,000 sterling
Is to be provided for restocking the Boer
farms. Rebels are. liable for trial ac
cording to the law of the colony to which
they belong. The rank and file of rebels
will be disfranchised for life. .
ANNOUNCES THE TERMS.
TENSION IS OVER.
The tension was over, and when Bal
fcur's statement was concluded every one
seemed glad of the opportunity for a
hearty laugh, caused by the Government
leaders humorous quashing of the sug
gestion that the Commons adjourn in
honor of peace. Then the House. In
which even members could not find seats,
was emptied, and diplomats, Indian ra
jahs in gorgeous robes, peers and peer
esses and commoners and their guests
trooped into the lobbies, where general
congratulations followed.
Various objections to the peace terms
vere expressed, but they did not appear to
be very serious. "The Irish viewpoint was
that the Government had given up prac
tically everything, and that the regula
tions affecting the Cape rebels will be
done away with in consequence of the
King's amnesty proclamation. .
Embassador Choate did a lot of hand
shaking and took part in the general con
gratulations.
Chamberlain and Balfour 'both received
creat^vations as they walked to their
feats The lobbies arid waiting-rooms
were crowded with disappointed seekers
for seats, among whom were many. Amer
1C The period of waiting finally came to an
end Amid breathless silence, broken a
few seconds later by applause such as the
House of Commons seldom hears, Balfour
"tood Sn and announced the terms on
wh°ch the war in South Africa had been
Ti ded The reference to the Boers ac
knowledging King Edward as their sov
ereign made the hit of the day.
As the liberality ! of the terms grew
r.l&iner the cheers on the Government
side of the House diminished, while the
opposition's satisfaction was proportion
a $&SSU!?thi. the Irish members sat
impassive; though earlier in the afternoon
S had startled the House by a demon
stration which at first was thought to be
in honor of peace, but which, it was dis
covered was caused by the reappearance
in theHouse of William Redmond wno
has just returned from the United fatates.
RECEIVE -OVATIONS.
•mm- ONDON. June 2.— Not. in years
B has the House of Commons
B been co "thronged with such a
Jf brilliant ana enthusiastic au r
M dlence as when the First Lord
O f the Treasury and Govern
ment'leader in the Hou3C. A.
J Balfour, announced this afternoon the
peace terms concluded with; the Boers
\n hour before tbe House met a large
crowd oil Whitehall vociferously cheered
the notable politicians, particularly the
Colonial Secretary. Joseph Chamberlain,
who walked unconcernedly from the Colo
nial Office with a broad smile on his face.
Long before- the customary prayer the
galleries of the House were packed. Jo
seph H. Choate, United States Embassa
dor- Henry White, secretary of the em
bassy Lord Rothschild and many mem
bers of the Cabinet patiently waited
through the answering of^ questions in the
House for the momentous announcement.
An unusually large <*^fil&M&**g,
i.i the galleries, and; behind, the ladies
grill aristocratic women-v were fclosely
packedU ••,¦•. /. r:
The Prince of Wales and the Duke of
Cambridge went to the House of Lords
to hear the peace statement of the Pre
mier, Lord Salisbury. There was a large
attendance of peers and peeresses. Lord
Salisbury, before mentioning South Af
rica, referred to the great loss which the
empire had sustained in Lord Pauncefote,
who had done more than any other man
to cement the union of the two great
Anglo-Saxon races, which is one of the
healthiest and most promising- indica
tions of the times.
Lord Tweedmouth (Liberal) and Lord
Rosebery associated themselves with the
Premier's tribute.
Lord Salisbury then remarked that he
hoped the agreement on terms of sur
render would bring the lamentable state
of things in South Africa to an end, and
proceeded to read the terms of the agree
ment arrived at with the Boers. .
Lord Rosebery expressed his hearty, un
stinted and unreserved congratulations.
LORDS ARE INFORMED.
ADMIRE LATE ENEMIES.
Sir Henry • Campbell-Bannercnan, the
Liberal leader. In behalf of the opposi
tion, said," unbounded - satisfaction would
be Xelt througl&uritner-empire at ./the vcon
clusionot peape.fi/JPhey were unanimous
lntheir : Hdmiration i of.-,thfelr;-iate,eniemies,.
now' ! their- "friends"! arid ' iellow i 'citizens,
whose, military qualities, tenacity of pur
pose and self-sacrificing devotion to lib
erty and ' country had won them the re
spect of the whole world, and, foremost
of all, •' the respect' of their opponents.
Every member offered congratulations to
the King 1 and' the country on the thrice
blessed restoration of peace.
Balfour having announced the Govern
ment would take an early opportunity of
moving a vote of thanks to Lord
Kitchener and the forces in South Africa,
the members of the House of Commons
returned to their ordinary vocations.
provided they are not guilty of murder
or. acts contrary to the usages of civil
ized warfare, shall be- that they are not
entitled for life to beregistered as voters
or vote in any parliamentary or provincial
council or municipal- election.
" 'With reference to Justices J of the
Peace, field cornets and all others who
hold official positions under the Govern
ment of. Cape Colony or who have been
holding a position of authority, or who
have, had commanas in the rebel or
Boer forces, they shall be tried for high
treason before the ordinary courts of
the country, or such special courts as
may hereafter be constituted, their pun
ishment to be left to the discretion of
such court, with the proviso that in no
case shall the death penalty be in
flicted. The Natal Government is of the
opinion that the rebels should be dealt
with according: to the law of that col
only/^'. ¦,
"These;. arrangements," concluded Bal
four, "the-.Gpvernment has approved."
Brilliant and Enthusiastic A udience Crowds the House of Com
mons to Hear Bal four's Announcement
All the cities and towns of the United
Kingdom are giving vent to their Joy by
"demonstrations, bonfires and illumina
tions, and, considering the crowds, ¦ re
markably few accidents have been' re
ported. • :.
Tha.t London's hilarity was not entirely
confined to the lower classes of the city is
shown by the fact that Lord Lansfiowne,
the I-oreign Secretary, who is probably
one of the most sedate members of the
Cabinet chartered a box at the Aihambra
music hall. As the Foreign Secretary
with his wife and party of friends entered
the box, he was cheered by the people
present. Several members of the House
of Commons who were in the stalls and
a number of society people cheered for
the popular secretary and joined lustily
in singing patriotic choruses. At the Ai
hambra the display of a union jack rid
dled with bullets and. other such incidents
guve occasion for repeated bursts of
cheering, and Lord Lansdowne and his
party thoroughly entered into the conta
gious spirit of the affair.
Special peace programmes were pro
vided at all leading music halls and at
some places the enthusiastic audience de
manced that the orchestra play -God Save
sta c nS "' aflei " almost everv turn on the
. LONDON, June 2.-Kin& Edward nar
rowly escaped what might have been a
eerious accident this morning. His Maj
esty was driving to St. James palace
when a cab collided with his carriage.
The cab horse fell and lay struggling un
der the royal vehicle. The King alighted
and ptood upon the pavement until mat
ters were righted.
¦_ The King and Queen with Princess Vic
toria and Prince and Princess Charles of
OJer.rnark attended the production of
T ), aI1; >;" e . at Covent Garden to-night.
Their Majesties received an ovation from
by a Cab.
His Majesty's Carriage Is Run Into
KING EDWABD IN COLLISION
Continued from Page One.
FURIOUS RIOTIKGBEGUH IH CHICAGO
This evening as men were engaged in
clearing the wreck they found the body
of a man who is believed to have beeii
riding on the baggage car. He bore on
his body papers showing his name to
have been Ben F. Williams of Gunnison,
Colo. Another man riding on the blind
baggage had his shoulder dislocated. His
name is not known.
There were some remarkable escapes.
Engineer Matt Flaynn was carried down
stream over a mile by the swift current
and was fast losing his strength when
he was rescued by W. J. Riley, president
of the W. J. Riley Mercantile Company of
Carbondale, who put out in a boat.
The seriously injured are: Dr. C. G.
Cook of Sail Francisco, en route tor Ham
burg, Germany; C. Serefzhjobsky, a noted
Russian scholar from Kazon College, Rus
sia, returning home from a" trip around
the world. Both are badly bruised and
cut on the head and face from broken
glass, but will recover. The damage done
to the two trains was but slight.
GLENWOOD SPRINGS, Colo.. June 2.-
Dcnver and Rio Grande passenger train
No. 6, due in Denver at 7 a. m.,
with through passengers from the
coast, was wrecked one-half mile east
of Spruce Creek, or about thirteen
miles east of Glenwood Springs, at
10 o'clock last night, by colliding
with a huge bowlder on a sharp
curve at the edge of Grand River. The
engine jumped the track and sank out
of sight to the bottom of the river. The
mail car followed the engine, resting
on the .tender. It was nearly sub
merged. The express car also went par
tially into the river.
DES MOINES, Iowa, June 2.— Two per
sons were badly hurt and several others
slightly bruised in a wreck on the Chi
cago and Northwestern at Otis, seven
miles from Cedar Rapids, at 1 o'clock this
morning-. Westbound passenger train No. 1
v/as en the siding waiting for eastbound
No. G to pass. The head brakeman of No.
1 threw the switch before the eastbound
train was clear, derailing the last sleeper
and hurling it against me engine of No.
1. Eight or ten people in the sleeper were
bruised, but only five • received injuries
of any consequence and only two were
seriously hurt.
WASHINGTON, June 2.— The United
States Supreme Court to-day declared the
right of a State of the Union to pass
laws excluding the body of a person go:ag
into a city or community which is quar
antined. The case In v.-hlch this decision
¦was given is one which was brought
against the Louisiana Board of Health
by the owners of the Britannia, a Fren'.-n
steamer, which sought to land Italian im
migrants in New Orleans in 1S9S. The city
then was Infested with yellow fever and
a quarantine was in force against it. The
Be aid of Health enforced the State law
authorizing exclusion from a quarantined
municipality, refusing to allow the im
migrants to land. The owners of the
steamer took the case to the State courts,
where the decisions were against them,
.there was an appeal to the V nited States
fcuprcme Court, and it was prosecuted on
liie ground that the law is a violation of
the interstate commerce law and also in
contravention of the treaty of 1503 with
t ranee. The opinion of the Supreme
court was handed down by Justice White
end sustained the State law, on the
ground that until Congress takes the
quarantine power from the States each
Mule is entitled to make and enforce its
own quarantine regulations. Justices Har
jan and Brown unite in a dissenting opin-
Says State Had Right to Ex
clude People From Quar
antined City.
Remarkable" Escapes From
Death Follow an Accident '
in Colorado.
San Franciscan Among
the Injured in Wreck
in Iowa.
Justice White Renders
Decision in Louisi
• ; ana Case.
COURT DECIDES
LAW IS VALID
TWO DISASTERS
BEFALL TRAINS
GOVERNMENT LEADER ANNOUNCES THE CONDITIONS
UNDER WHICH THE BOERS GIVE UP THE STRUGGLE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 3, 1902.
CZOMRADES:
Continued From Page One.
LONDON GIVES WAY TO WlLOEST uOY
Pcstofflce Inspector James O'Connell of
San. Francisco, B. T. Potter, ex-Postmas
ter of Baker City, Or.; M. H. Rowland,
of. Marengo, Iowa, and others were re
called and. testified this, morning. J. M.
Tignor, of Des Moines, 'one of the mem
bers of the company that owned the
White Swan mine, was called by the Gov
ernment in. an effort to impeach the tes
timony of Rosendale, but most of the tes
timony of Tignor was ruled out on the
ground that it had not been sufficiently
proven that he was a mining expert, and
capable of judging of the condition of the
"White Swan.
A number of witnesses were recalled by
the Government this morning, including
Miss Young, Balliet's clerk in the San
Francisco office, who testified early in the
case. She among other things
to-day that Balliet told her he paid $150
for a sealskin cloak for^Gertie Henderson,
a variety actress, and also bought her
rings and a sunburst of diamonds. This
is testimony the "Government has sought
all along to introduce to show that Balliet
squandered hundreds of dollars of money
paid over ' to him by the White Swan
stockholders.
DES MOINES, Iowa, June 2.— The Gov
ernment rested its case against Letson
Balliet at 1 o'clock to-day and this after
noon the defense began its introduction
of evidence. Counsel for the defense
stated that the mining experts would be
placed on the stand first to testify as to
the condition of the White Swan mine.
Their evidence will be much. the same as
that given by O. M. Rosendale last Friday
to the effect that the White Swan couM
easily be made a paying property.
2
The Great Medicine tor Build-
ing Up Weak and Sickly
People in Summer.
Paine'sCelery
Compound
RESCUES A LADY FROM NER-
VOUS BREAKDOWN.
The surest and speediest banisher or
disease and sickness known to medical
men is Paine's Celery Compound.
The peculiar virtues of Paine's Celery
Compound enables it to reach all the cen-
ters where disease is working; it quickly
banishes all pain and trouble.
At this time Paine's Celery Compound
is a veritable boon to every nervous,
weak and debilitated man and woman.
The ailments and diseases that have held
people in bondage and suffering up to the
present can be permanently banished by
the use of a few bottles of nature's lifcj
giver and health builder. Mrs. Mamie
Goukler, No. 668 Thirty-ninth street. West
Philadelphia. Pa., who sufTered for
months from severe nervous afflictions,
writes as follows:
"I beg leave to add my testimony to tna
wonderful good Paine's Celery Compound
has done me. Some months ago I was
troubled with a general breaking clown
oi the system. 1 I consulted a physician
without avail, and upon the auggestion of
Mr. • John A, Coin, who I believe is a liv-
ing example of your wonderful curinar
medicine, I purchased two bottles of your
Compound, and I must say that I im-
proved wonderfully since the first dose.
My nervousness has left me entirely an«l
I am now feeling better than I ever did.
j You can rest assured that I will not heSl-
j tate to recommend your wonderful medi-
cine to my friends who may suffer from
nervousness in any form."
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
„ OP THE—
ThuFingia
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF ERFURT. GERMANY. ON THE 31ST
day of December, A. D. 1901. and for th»
year ending on that day, as made to the In-
surance Commissioner of thO State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed
as per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL*
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
la Cash $450,000 00
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company.. $463,235 CO
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages.. 8,026,471 0O
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company.. l,S38,022 23
Amount of Loans secured by
pledge of Bonds. Stocks and
other marketable securities as
collateral 953,299 T7
Cash in Company's Office .... -4.846 01
Cash. In Banks 38^.103 9J
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans BS.134 19
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
ar.d Mortgages 6, 67S el
Premiums In due Course of Col-
lection 214,708 8fl
Bills receivable, not Matured. —
taken for Fire. Marine. Life,
Accident. Burglary and Plats
Glass Risks 4S5.&45 S3
Due from other Companies for Re-
insurance on losses already paid 129.215 .73
Due from Life Insurance Com-
panies 221,356 73
Total Assets $12,814,811 09
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid |
Losses In process of Adjust-
ment or In Suspense $237,190 00
Losses resisted, including ex-
penses '
Gross premiums on Fire Risks
running one year or less,
$ ; reinsurance 50
percent 743.337 70
Gross Dremiums on Fire Risks
running more than one year,
$ — ; reinsurance pro
rata JI ?£*?S
Gross Dremiums on Marine and ,
Inland Navigation Risks.
$ ; reinsurance 100
per cent • • 4,500.10
Gross premiums on Marine
Time Risks. $ ; re-
insurance 50 per cent ..J: *
Liability under other Branches. . 9,776,220 29
Cash dividends remaining unpaid 235 00
Pensiqn fund of Company's em-
ployes •• •••••••.¦. 120,107 4(1
All other Liabilities 516,324 29
Total Liabilities .$11,402,014 8«
INCOME. =====
Net cash actually received for
Fire premiums $1,529.S44 72
Net cash actually received for
Marine premiums 21,823 S3
Received for interest on Bonds
and" Mortgages .• 322,133 47
Received for interest and divi-
dends on Bonds, Stocks, Loans
and from all other sources 90 8S9 6»
Received for premiums of other '
• Branches 1,877 661 83
Received from all other sources.. 52] 601 7<>
Total Income $3,694,961 07
EXPENDITURES. =====
Net amount paid for Fire Losses. $812 274 nt
Net amount paid for Marine .
Losses • 32 03** 13
Dividends to Stockholders 120.000 ca
Paid or allowed for Commission -\^."~.
or Brokerage 553 2 56 frl
Paid for Salaries, Feea and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc. 324 S43 41
Paid for State. . National and '
Local taxes 29 "74 so
All other payments and expendi-
tures 1,084.729 87
Total Expenditures $2,056,411 58
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year X $927,268,619 52.S2S 40C 7«
Net amount of Risks ¦ •°-<>.™o «s
expired during the
year 8S4.587.627 2,237 793 CS
Net amount In force
December 31. IDOL. 692.540.C70 1,474,457 R2
Risks and Premiums. Mar. Risks.! Premiums. •¦
Net amount of Risks ," •¦;.. *,; . • -¦
¦written during the
year I $33,034,284 $43,018 "X
Net amount of Rlsksf ¦r~.«io r »
expired during the
year 19,278,408 42 543 »7
Net amount in force
. December 31. 1901.. 14.021.70C 21,923 05
DR. MAX LUDEWIG. Manager
CARL SCHUMANN. Secretary
Subscribed and sworn to "befor© me, this'ntJi
THOS'. EWING MOORE. U. S. Consut
VOSS, CONRAD & CO.,
Managers,
San Francisco.
.^^f%. A $2 ° Belt
-vl'^a humbug. It cures wlth-
y5^*w" ou^ medicine. Not sold
¦*•» by druggist 3 - No dis-
counts. Free by mall on receipt of price.
Circulars free. Ask for the "Dr Alfien Elej-
tric Belt." Call or address PIKRCE EL.EC.
TRIG CO.. 2O« Post st. S. F., or SS \V.
Twenty-fourth st.. New York.
Weekly Call, $1 per Yea?
PAINE'S CELERY COMPOUND.
I- ing— the advent of June means <that summer is here. |
' There are advantages in buying your straw, hat at |
cur store; the first and foremost advantage lies in the I
fact that we sell hats at much lower prices than exclu- I
' sive dealers — our hat department is only a part of our 1
large business. Another advantage comes from our |
- large assortment : • , .1
Different shaped Fedoras at $1.00, $1.50, $2.00 |
and $3.00. |j§- . I
Yacht shapes at 50c, 75c, ; $1.00, $1.50, $2.00. g
Ladies' and men's yacht shape rough straw hats I
with three thickness brims, very swell, $1.00 each.. I
, ..Dunlap straws in. yacht shapes for ladies/ men and |
boys, cost you $2.00 anywhere else, $1.50 is our prire. 1
' v . Cut'Of-iown orders filled— write us. |
718 Market Street AT i
'-. -- v <•' .¦-¦-. ¦-¦¦ :-¦. • ¦-•¦¦¦¦- -' ¦•¦¦ -,,. ,.;:.;-| ;
• n— >^— BMgfcn iii ini»n^mmitfjm— — na
¦ ADVERTISEMENTS.
When you are all tired out,
feel wealL sleep does not rest
you, and your appetite is
poor,
Hor^jford 9^
Acid I
PkospRade I
¦will revive your strength, in- B
duce natural sleep, improve H
appetite, and restofo nerve g . .
power. It strengthens the H
entire system, curing, the B '
i causes of Headache, Indiges- 1
i tion and Debility. p
- ' Contort*! mb« •¦ rnr7 GZ5IHSZ jiactat* ' H
' * ' I iTii^m!' *** J '""^ "*'-.n :-.<: ~-«fiV*-*' '*~ M ~-**^t l Gfrjc$
Thia signature la oa every box of the gezratnV
Laxative Bromo-Quinine Tablet* ?.
to > remedy that eures » cold la voe Omj*TWO SENATORS WHO ARE TAKING. AN ACTIVE PART IN ARGUING
THE BILL. FOR CIVIL GOVERNMENT IN THE PHILIPPINES,
WHICH WILL BE VOTED ON TO-DAY.
DENVER, June 2.— Ed ward . B. \ Brltt, a
private of Company M, Eighteenth Infan-
Saloon Watchman Kills a Soldier.
WASHINGTON, June 2.— The Supreme
Court of the United States to-night ad
journed finally for the present term.
The court will convene again on October
13th next. ' - ; ¦
Supreme Court Adjourns for Term.
If it doesn't work well 'a little adjusting
may be all that it requires, .which we can
do without charge. We are selling' agents -
for Waterman's Ideal and Swan Fountain
Pens, and sole agents for. the Marshall,
the best < %l .pen in the world. ' Sanborn.
Vail & Co., 741 Market street. , >;•
How Is Your Fountain Pen P
Gage Pardons a Murderer.
. SACRAMENTO, June 2.— John Barbean,
convicted of murder in- Marlposa County
in May. 1895,' has been pardoned by Gov
ernor Gage. ¦'-" .-.-". . .
' LOS ANGELES, June 2.— Consolidation
of. the : Los Angeles Traction Company's
street car lines with the Huntington-Hell
man lines, forming the. city traction'bus
iness Into one system, is the present, plan,
it is said, of the electric railway mag
nates/ Senator W. A. Clark of Montana,
the builder of ' the Salt Lake Railroad,
will not become interested in the traction
company, " having . allowed -the. option
which he held on the property to expire.
In railroad and business circles there was
a report, in circulation that Henry ' E.
Huntington had succeeded Senator --Clark
as the. prospective purchaser of the trac
tion'property. Although confirmation of
the report could not be obtained, it was
circulated; with great persistence.- ' "v -^
Merger of Street Railways.
WASHINGTON. June . 2.— The United
States Supreme Court to-day decided the
case of the Interstate Commerce Commis
sion vs. the Chicago, Burlington and
Quincy Railway Company and others. In
volving the right of the commission to re
duce the terminal rate made by the rail
roads In Chicago on cars containing live
stock. The opinion was presented by Jus
tice White and affirmed the decision of
the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sev
enth Circuit, which refused to carry Into
effect the order of the commission reduc
ing the rate from $2 to $1 per car.
Decides in Favor of Railway.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., June 2.— Striking
union bakers were to- v day enjoined by
Judge John F. Phillips of the United
States Circuit Court, who issued a tem
porary order restraining them from pa
trolling in front of the Grand-avenue
Bakery Company or otherwise interfering
with the employes of that concern. The
action grows out of the lockout of the un
ion bakers by six leading firms, members
of the Masters' v Associatlon. because the
union bakers demand that the drivers of
bakery wagons be allowed to organize a
union. The strikers annoyed the bakers
The. bakers appealed in vain to the police!
and in order to place its case within the
jurisdiction of the Federal court recently
reincorporated under the laws of Colo
rado. This made it a non-resident.
Striking Bakers Enjoined.
LOS ANGELES, , June 2.— Contractors
constructing the San • Pedro breakwater
deposited a total of 40,000 tons of material
on the.work in_May, as against 35,000 tons
called for. in the specifications of the War
Department. . The work of constructing
the superstructure in the breakwater has
begun. The contractors are confident the
entire task will be completed within three
•years.- "¦ .. - : ; " ¦'_ ' :
Rushing Work at # San Pedro,
SACRAMENTO, June 2.— Bills W. Jones,
who keeps a salb"on in Elk Grove, eight
miles south of this city, was seriously
stabbed by an unknown tramp at 10
o'clock to-night. The tramp had been
about the saloon several hours and early
in the- evening Jones ejected him. The
fellow waited on the outside and when
Jones appeared plunged a knife into his
abdomen and then escaped. Officers and
a physician left this city for Elk Grove
In-mediately after learning of the assault.
Tramp • Stabs Saloon-Keeper.
After Quesiskan and Miller started for
prison their relatives and friends went to
Brewster and got intoxicated. Then they
went to" Billy's cabin at night. . One of
the savages seized Billy from 'behind,
placed his knee against the blind man's
back and drew his head backward until
the neck and back were broken. The
flesh on Billy's "throat and- chest was
torn loose. A squaw who had hidden In
terror in Billy's cabin saw the deed. She
brought the news to Conconully to-day,
and- an effort is being made to capture
the murderers. -
CONCONULLY, Wash., June 2— Blind
Billy, an old-time Indian resident on the
Colvllle reservation, was brutally mur
dered a few nights ago by friends and
relatives of Indian Quesiskan and Indian
Sam Miller, who are now en route to the
penitentiary in Walla Walla to serve long
sentences for the killing of Chelan Wil
lie. It was in Blind Billy's cabin that
Chalan Willie was murdered. At the trial
Blind Billy testified against the prison
ers, whose voices he had recognized dur
ing the fight.
SDeclal Disuatch to The Call.
The architects are now preparing the
plans on the assumption that the struc
ture will have a facing of 125 feet on
Fifty-eighth street. The structure will be
of twenty stories, and in design will be
in. keeping- with its proportions. Charles
M. Schwab and John W. Gates are inter
ested in the enterprise.
NEW ; YORK, June 2.— Another hotel
and greatest of all, the most magnificent
in the world, is to be erected *ln New
York. The Plaza Hotel, built less than
eighteen years ago, and long one of the
show places of the city. Is to be de
stroyed to make way for the structure
now planned. Capital to the amount of
$10,000,000 is to be Invested in the' enter
prise. The greater share of this sum will
be furnished, it is understood, by men
whose fortunes have been created out of
the steel industry. As it is now planned
the hotel will have a frontage of 200 feet
on the plaza, while on Fifty-ninth street,
overlooking Central Park, the frontage
will be 250 feet.
Government Files the - Replications.
ST. PAUL, Minn., June 2.— The replica
tion of the United States In the railroad
merger suits were to-day filed with the
clerk of the United States court by tho
United States attorney for the District of
Minnesota. The Government reserves all
advantages -of exceptions which may' be
taken ".'to manifold errors of the defend
ants." A general denial of the points In
the answers is made and it is alleged that
the answer of each defendant is very un
certain, evasive 'and 'insufficient in law
to be replied to. The plaintiff avers that
It will prove the bill to be true.
Magnificent Structure Is
to Be Erected in New
York City.
Brutally Avenge Convic
tion of Two Redskin
Desperadoes.
INDIANS MURDER
BLIND TRIBESMAN
try, -was .shot .In the head and killed at
1:45 o'clock this morning by Frank Wag
ner, watchman In the El Caney saloon in
Sheridan, a suburb of this city. After
killing the soldier Wagner went to bed
and made no report of the affair until
after daybreak. He claims that he heard
somebody trying to open a window of the
saloon and he shot through the window.
Brltt enlisted at Bostfn, Mass., and
served three years in the Philippines.
Captain C. D. Hanks of Company M said
to-day that Britt was a model soldier.
tees of Congress, Patterson of Colorado
read the address of Buencamlno to the
United States Senate when he was
Aguinaldo's "Minister of Foreign Affairs."
the address urging the granting of Inde
pendence to tho Filipinos, thereby "bring
ing: to an end this cruel and wicked war."
Carmack then read at length portions of
a statement of Sixto Lopez, and .when
his . time expired Money continued it by
having the clerk read another section of
the statement, final reading going over
until to-morrow.
When Money's time had expired at 4:35
the Senate went into executive session
and shortly afterward adjourned.
PAN RAFAEL. June 2.— The will of the
l£t«? James Findiayson was admitted to
probate to-day in the Superior Court by
Judge Angellotti. Tho California Safe De
pcjsSt and Trust Company of San Fran
cisco v.-ss allowed to act as executor of
the estate. By testimony given to-day In
ccurt St was shown that the deceased left
property to the value of $140,000. Tho
Procter t*>rtion of it was given to charity,
•while his tvro sisters. Mrs. William Patter
son of San Francisco and Mrs. Alexander
McKinnon of St. Louts, are bequeathed
r^'OOO each.
Findlayson*s Will Admitted.
WASHINGTON, June 2.— Lord Paunce
fote's body will be taken' to England
about July 1 on the Brooklyn. The Navy
Department has ordered that only such
part of the $25,000 worth of repairs or
dered for the ship shall be, made as can
be completed before June 25. The Navy
Department was notified that the body
will not be removed from the vault in
Rock Creek, this city, until after the
coronation ceremonies.
It Will Not Be Removed From There
Until After the Coronation
Ceremonies.
PAiTJNCEFOTE BODY STILL
IN ROCK CREEK VAULT
The killing of the surplus female seals will
be an act of mercy, since it ¦will put an end
at once to the extreme brutality of the pel
agic hunter's work. It will prevent the slow
torture to death by starving: of tens of thou
sands of helpless young which Is officially ob
served and counted every season by our agents,
under existing laws, and regulations. If we
do it, it Is but one killing, and then the work
is ended. If not done by us, then this infa
mous and cruel butchery of the female seals
and the starvation - of the young: by the pel
acic hunter will continue year after year in
the future, as it lias prevailed from year to
year since 1893, and will end only with the ex
termination of this seal life in the very near
iuture. .•
The report says that the young male
seals will be destroyed by 1906 and the
birth rate will cease on the breeding
grounds almost immediately thereafter.
The accompanying papers represent that
the seal herd has been reduced from
4.700,000 in 1S74 to. 224,000 at present, and
that the United States has spent $1,441,331
since 1SH0 in protecting the herd, over and
above all receipts for rent, etc.
WASHINGTON. Juno 2.—Representa
tive Tawney of Minnesota to-day present
ed the report of the Ways and Means
Committee favoring a reopening of the
Bering Sea seal negotiations with Great
Britain with a view to securing the per
manent preservation of the seal herd or
else the destruction of the herd with the
exception of a few for the preservation of
the species. The report says:
Preservation of the Seal
Herd.
Great Britain to Be Asked to Aid in
COMMITTEE FAVORS
REOPENING NEGOTIATIONS
TEN MILLIONS
FOR NEW HOTEL
Stewart of Nevada deplored such, acts
of cruelty as had occurred in the Philip-
"The most shameful thing in this whole
transaction is the summoning of the au
thority of General Grant to justify the
order of General Smith." ¦
He adverted to the references which
had been made to the acts of General
Grant during the Civil War and declared:
"This miserable doctrine of buying sov
ereignty with gold has cost us all this."
He referred to the cost of the war as
enough to establish universities like Har
vard throughout the country, and said:
"I do not charge these things upon the
army. I charge them upon Imperialism."
Hoar, after reviewing the situation in
the Philippines and -referring to the out
rages which had been committed, said: ¦
HOAR AGAIN HEARD.
Mason of Illinois spoke, as he-said, for
the Filipinos. He referred to the case of
the Cubans, who had patiently waited the
pleasure of the United States for their. In
dependence.' If we gave- the Filipinos an
opportunity to try the art of self-govern
ment, said he, we still would retain tne
islands. He said he would not have voted
for the peace treaty but for the open and
notorious understanding among Senators
that there was to be a vote on a resolu
tion to. give to the Filipinos self-govern
ment as soon as In the opinion of the peo
ple of the United States they were equal
to the task. )
"Why not try it?" he asked. "It would
cost nothing. No harm can come from
an effort in that direction. Some of us
are tender and jealous as to what other
nations will say if we compromise with
this poor struggling people, but our re
public is strong enough to be independent
of the opinion of the nations of the world.
Our republic is righteous enough to do
right, regardless of what the other na
tions of the world may think or say."
Another amendment provided that here
after no corporation should be authorized
to engage In agriculture until provision
should be made therefor. ¦
lie lands shall have been enacted and
approved."
When evening: fell bright flames could
be sem flashing up. lighting the sky in
that direction. The ship's course out of
the inlet left the volcano directly to the
Vfslward. at which point. Losey says,
thpre seemed a continuous sheet of fire
r'ring. In the distance the column of
flame appeared to ascend but a few hun
dred feet into the air, but it probably was
runes high.
Psssc-nprers from Cooks Inlet, who ar
rivod to-day, confirm previous reports of
the eruption of Ri^doubt Volcano, which Is
situated on th<» west side, about forty
iv.i'es northwest of lliamna. Among thorn
was A. C. Lopcv of Tacoma. who has
been in the employ of the Trans-Alaska
Company, and who saw the eruption. He
railed from lliamna on the morning of the
Sin of May. From that point only heavy
smoke was to b<» seen in the direction of
Kedoubt. but this they knew meant that
the volcano was in eruption. Precipitous
mountains shut off the view until the
Cbtca ha<i traveled twenty miles or morn
on her trip up the inlet, when the scene
1'te::me thrilling. Dense black clouds
covered the entire region, spreading over
Ccoks Inlet, which at that spot is more
lban forty miles across. At times the
Eznoke directly over the volcano was
lighted to a dark gray, but no flames were
Eton during the day, and no ashes
re.Th^d the shin.
EKUPTION OF KEDOUBT.
"It was three days, after many peril
ors attempts, before I succeeded in
rt aching the base of the mountain. Then
1 discovered »hat the country for miles
around had been affected. The small un
dergrowth of trees had been entirely cov
ered by tho mass of matter from the vol
ccno. The streams that poured from the
top of the mountain were not even warm,
but seemed to consist entirely of dust,
recks and earthy substances. I stayed
<: r>. the spot only a couple of hours and
then left for the roast. As near as I can
learn, this mountain had never been con
sidered of a volcanic nature."
Suddenly the earth beneath my feet
shook; a low rumbling sound accom
panied the quaking. I glanced up at
luouiit Blackburn. It eeemed as if the
i<eak had opened and the points burst out.
A cloud of ashes and smoke shot into the
air several hundred feet, and there seemed
to How from the opening in the top a
stream of earthy matter, mixed with large
r.nd small bowlders. This continued for
about ten minutes, and then' ceased as
suddenly as it had begun. The air cleared
iiv.d then nature seemed again to wear
her cheery smile. •
PEAK'S TOP BTJKSTS OPEN.
SEATTLE, June 2.— Travelers arriving
from Alaska to-day report that two vol
canoes are belching flame, smoke and cin
ders in the northern Territory. One is
Redoubt Volcano, whose eruption was re
pcrted in dispatches to The Call some
tiiiys ago. ine other* is Mount Black
burn, which heretofore has been re
garded as an extinct volcano. The erup
tion of Mount Blackburn was sudden and
unexpected, and was witnessed, it is be
lieved., by but a single human being. His
story of the disturbance explains the
feories of earthquakes that jarred Alaska
6>iven weeks ago.
J. C. McFariand. a geologist, who was
ou an exploring trip, was within a few
miles of Mount Blackburn on April 11,
•when tho pent-up fury of the hidden
crater was let loose. In an interview on
fcis return to Skagway he gave the fol
lowing details of tne eruption:
"At 9:30 o'clock in the morning I was
just packing up my cooking utensils when
tho air about me suddenly became op
pressed by a distinct and uncommon s-i
leiice. In my wanderings through differ
ent woods 1 had become usea to any
fctrai:ge freaks of nature, but this one ap
palled me. 1 was in a rough, mountain
ous country, about ten miles, I should
judg-e, from the base of Mount Blackburn,
in Southeastern Alaska, not far from the
starling point of the glacier which, as H
rears its lace on the North Pacific Ocean,
is called Muir glacier.
Eseci&l Dlssatch to The Call.
disturbance Explains Recent Series
of Heavy Earthquakes That
Jarred the North Pacific
Coast.
Top of Alaskan Peak Is Burst
* by Tremendous Subter
ranean Force.
Reports received at headquarters from all
districts Indicate that the firemen have obeyed
thA strike order almost to a man and n,>
doubt within the next twenty-four hours everv
firemen will fall into line unless an eight
hour day is rranted.
F. J. Mullahey. State secretary and
treasurer of the Stationary Firemen's
L nion, to-night issued a statement, in
which he says:
The several bortherhoods of railroad
employes in this locality held a meeting
to-day, at which the general strike situ
ation was discussed. No action of any
kind was taken. The railroaders are in
hearty sympathy with the striking
miners.
Committees of the local unions were
busy to-night canvassing the men who
remained at work to-day. Hundreds of
them, however, cannot be reached, as
they are quartered within the- confines of
the collieries. There was quite a flurry
here to-day when it was learned that a
party of negroes had arrived over the
Jersey Central Railroad. It was learned
later that the negroes were only engaged
to cook for the non-union men "temporar
ily living in the collieries.
REMAIN IN THE MINES.
The small army* of coal and iron police
men which is in the field is not much in
evidence. The companies have instructed
the men to avoid trouble and that they
must not make themselves conspicuous.
Notwithstanding the large number of
men who were idle the coal fields were
very quiet all day.
Notwithstanding the big d«>ertion of men
every colliery In the district which made the
effort was able to get up steam and maintain it.
President Mitchell's estimate is too high.
We have received estimates from all our col
lieries and the seneral superintendents ot all
the other coal companies, but they arc not to
be given out. as it would not be policy to
reveal our weak spots or to betray our strong
holds as far as they relate to the collieries
individually. 1 can say, however, that about
05 per cent of the Lehigh Valley's men, who
are scattered from near Scranton down to Sha
mokin, went out. The Delaware, Lackawanna
nnd Western, the Delaware and Hudson and
the Erie companies, whose operations are
mostly north of here, fared a little better.
The Susquehanna Coal Company's collieries,
which are controlled by the Pennsylvania Rail
road and which are lecated at Nanticoke, south
of here, were crippled less than any company
in the region. The Reading Company, with
forty collieries in the lower region, was the
worst sufferer, more than 70 per cent of itl
men refusing to go to work. The Individual
companies lost more than 50 per cent of their
men.
ESTIMATES ARE TOO HIGH.
On the other hand a mining official of
one of the largest coal companies made
this statement:
Reports received from every important min
ing community Indicate that where tne elgnt
hour day has not been conceded fully SO per
cent ot the firemen, pumpmen and . engineers
have ceased work. Tne number will be- ma
terially increased to-morrow. In some sections
mine foremen have positively retused to per
form the work of engineers, nremen and pump
men. In some places nremen have manned tne
pumps and clerks have also been required to
perform this labor. A penect army oi irre
sponsible men have been employed by the coal
companies to act as coal and Iron policemen.
The- services of these men are unnecessary and
their presence unwarranted. There have been
no violations to-day by the mine workers ,and
I am sanxuine there will be no overt acts on
the I>art ot the strikers.
WILKESBARRE. Pa., June 2.— The or
der of the United Mine Workers of Amer
ica calling out on strike all engineers,
firemen and pumpmen employed at col
lieries where the eight-hour work day
with present wages was not granted went
into effect to-day, and a majority of the
men obeyed the order. Neither side can
claim a victory at this time, because the
struggle on this phase of the anthracite
coal miners' strike has just opened. There
was only a partial showing of strength
to-day. The real test of whether or not
the mine pumps shall be manned will
begin to-morrow. Although a majority
of the men quit work, the companies,
generally speaking, succeeded in keeping
their pumps in operation. The operators
feel tnat they have the advantage, but
they are not so sanguine as to the fu
ture. The exact numDer wno quit worK
to-day coula not be ascertained. ,n;ach side
refused to make public its ngures, but
gave out intormation that rougmy esti
mated the number or men affected. These
estimates are far apart, f- i
National President Mitchell of the
miners gave out a statement, in which he
says:
Mount Blackburn Joins
Redoubt as Active
Volcano.
Mine Workers Say They Have
Not Yet Shown Their
Strength,
convened at 11 o'clock to-day
agreed to the arrangement that the de
bate on the bill should proceed under the
fifteen-minute rule. Lodge, in charge of
the bill, - offered several amendments,
principally of a verbal nature, to the bill.
One of the most important was an amend
ment striking out the words "nor more
than five thousand acres to any associa
tion of persons," relating to the disposi
tion of public lands, and inserting a pro
vision that "no such land shall be leased,
let or devised to any corporation until a
law regulating the disposition of the pub-
WASHINGTON, June 2.—Gen
eral debate on the Philippine
government bill having been
concluded, the Senate, when it
Engineers and Firemen
*Quit Work in the
Collieries.
TWO CONES
BELCH FIRE
AND SMOKE
YAQUIS EAGER
FOR BATTLE
Indians .Are Intrenched
on Mountain Near
Hermosillo.
General Torres' Force of Mex
ican Soldiers Is Strongly
iiip Reinforced.
V Special Disiaatch to The Call.
TUCSON, Ariz., June 2.— A courier ar
riving at Hermosilio and coming by way
of . Ures confirms the report that the
Yaquis have withdrawn from the coun
try contiguous- to Camou Mill and El
Tanque, and that they are assembling in
Mazatan Mountains in large numbers for
a second battle. A dispatch via Ures says
that the Yaquis have been reinforced by
400 Indian warriors, with Mausers, and
supplied with a large quantity of ammu
nition and provisions. The Yaquis have
recovered from the fight of May 23 since
being reinforced, and wish to again en
gage the Mexican soldiers.
The Mazatan Mountains are very
rough and the Indians will have a great
advantage, owing to their mode of war
fare. The battalion under command of
General Luis Torres has been reinforced
by a large contingent headed by Lorenzo
Torres, and the Mexicans will have the
advantage in numbers over the Indians.
The Yaquis are gathering in small
bands throughout the district, and it is
now repor^eu that they have 600 rnjen In
trenched in the foothills of Mazatan
Mountains. Many of the towns which
could spare men sent volunteers to the
aid of General Torres.
On Saturday a special train from Pes
quira arrived at Hermosillo, bringing
many families from towns and ranches;
in that neighborhood, who sought refuge
until the danger was. past. Numerous
bands of refugees continue to seek pro
tection in Hermosillo and the town is
crowded. On Friday night a volunteer
patrol service was organized under the
direction of Felipe Salido. a Government
engineer. Many of the militiamen organ
ized under the command of Simon Bley
have joined the regular forces and a sec
ond company was needed to guard the
surrounding ranches. The engineer had
no trouble in recruiting patrols, as the
citizens were eager to -join.
The excitement in Hermosillo has quiet
ed since the battle at El Tanque. owing
to the distance of the Yaqui forces. The
only immediate danger is from roving
bands. Mazatun 'Mountains are twenty
five miles from Hermosillo.
SOLDIERS AND STRIKERS
MEET IN DEADLY CONFLICT
Porty "Workmen Are Wounded and
Three of Them Subsequently
Die in Hospital:
LEABURG, Galicia, Austria, June 2.— A
serious affray between soldiers and strik
ers occurred to-day on the Schnetsen
Platz. While a company of infantry was
returning from a drill the strikers began
stoning the troops. A number of the sol
diers were injured and all the windows' in
the vicinity were smashed. The infantry
then charged and some forty workmen
were wounded with sabers or were shot.
A further collision between the strikers
and the military occurred here this after
noon, in which the soldiers fired on the
strikers. Three civilians who were wound
ed were removed to a hospital, where
they subsequently died.
Bock Island Route Excursions
Leave San FrancUco -, every "Wednesday ami
Sunday, via Elo Grande and Hock Island Rail
ways, and via Los Angeles and El Paso every
Sunday and Tuesday, via Southern Pacific and
Rook Island Railways, for Omaha. Kansas
City. Chicago and all points East. For further
Information »ddress Clinton Jones, General
Agent Rock Island Railway. 624 Market st. ¦
JOIN THE RANKS
OF THE STRIKERS
SENATOR MASON FAVORS GIVING
THE FILIPINOS SELF-GOVERNMENT
Says He Would Not Have Voted for Peace'Treaty but for Under
standing That Natives Were to Rule Themselves*
pines, but insisted that the Philippines
was a nest of pirates and barbarians. ..'_'¦' (•
AN AWKWARD PAUSE.
Teller gave notice of an'amendment pro
viding that the Filipinos should be citi
zens of the "Government of the Philip
pine Islands" instead of "citizens of the
Philippine Islands."- v .
Bacon of Georgia spoke ;agalnst the bill.
After exhausting thirty minutes of time
by unanimous consent, chiefly in having
read documents and extracts from books,
Bacon yielded the floor. An awkward
pause ensued, nobody being ready to pro
ceed with the discussion. A suggestion
that -some other business be taken up
met with objections and after further
delay Bacon resumed his remarks.
To offset the testimony of Felipe Buen
camlno, now being taken before commlt-
STURTEVANT
GIVES GAGE
A GRILLING
Governor and Attorney
General's Office
Clash.
Executive Appoints Special'
Counsel to Defend the
Coyote Cases,
Tirey L. Ford Besents This Slight
and His Deputy Denounces
the State's Chief In *
Open Court.
Special Dlsoatcb to The CalL
SACRAMENTO, June 2.— Tho first of a
series of cases against the State of Cali
fornia in the matter of coyote scalp
claims came up for hearing before Supe
rior Judge Hughes this afternoon. The
Legislature appropriated $270,000 for the
payment of claims against the State by
holders of coyote scalps. A bill appro
priating $5000 ior traveling expenses of
the Attorney General's office in defending
the suits against the State was vetoed by
Governor Gage, but when the suits were
about to come up in the Superior Court
of this county the Governor employed
Senator R. T. Devlin of this city to de
fend them. The Attorney General's of
fice, represented by Deputy George A.
Sturtevant. resented the entrance of
counsel for Gage under the circum
stances, and when the first case was
called this afternoon Sturtevant said:
"I have the highest regard for Senator
Devlin personally, but I have the author
ity from my chief, and, speaking person
ally, I am going to conduct this case my
self, and I ¦ shall make such objections
during its progress as seem proper. I
haven't seen anything in the papers about
these cases going by default, neither have
I seen any charge of crookedness in^ rela
tion to the administration of the affairs
of the Attorney General's office."
Sturtevant was saying something about
the spectacle of Gage being everywhere
in the State but In attendance on his du
ties as Governor whe-« Judge Hughes said
he recognized the authority of the Attor
ney General and there would be no clash.
The cases proceeded without further in
cident.
LIVES LOST I2T A FIRE
•IN HANFORD'S CHTNATOWII
One Mongolian . and Three Women
and Two Children Are
Missing. '*>
HANFORD, June 2.— Fire broke out
this morning In a Chinatown barber shop,
following the explosion of an oil lamp.
A half block was consumed. Including the
Chinese Masonic temple. A row of brick
buildings prevented further destruction.
Chung Wan was burned to death dur
ing the conflagration and three Chinese
women and two children are missing. The
property loss is about S10.000, well insured.
Investigating Automobile Accident.
NEW YORK. June 2.— The Coroner's
jury investigating the deaths of Andrew
Feaiherstone and John T. Bogart In the
automobile accident on Staten Island on
Saturday to-day brought in a verdict ex
onerating W. G. Baker of Cleveland and
C. A. Denzer. .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JTJNE 1 3, 1902.
3
DB. PIERCE'S BEMEDIES.
Accept no substitute for the " Discov-
ery." There is nothing "just as good."
The People's Common Sense Medical
Adviser, a book containing 100S pages,
is given away. Send 21 one-cent stamps
for expense of mailing onfy, for the book
in paper covers, or 31 stamps for the vol-
ume bound in cloth. Address Dr. R. V.
Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.
" Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery is the
best medicinei made," writes Michael Maher, of
Littlefalls. X. V. (68 Center St.) «I had yellow
jaundice and liver trouble in November, 1900.
Was almost dead, lost sixteen pounds in three
•weeks and rny whole body was as yellow as
pold, and I was sick at my stomach all the time.
I tried three doctors and they gave me tablets
and pills and another one some other stuff, but I
went to Messrs. O'Rourke and Hurley's drug
Etorc and got yonr ' Golden Medical Discovery.'
One bottle cured me and I thank it and Cod
tbat I am a well man."
The man who is caged in or cooped up
day after day without sufficient exercise
is sure to suffer for it. Quite often the
liver is the first organ which becomes
disordered, and constipation, biliousness,
eick headache and general physical tor-
por make life miserable. There's only
one way to deal with liver "trouble" and
that is to go to the root of the disease,
and cure it once for all. Such cures of
the disordered or diseased liver almost
always follow the use of Dr. Pierce's
Golden Medical Discovery. It always
helps. It almost always cures. It reg-
ulates the liver, strengthens the stomach,
and purifies the blood.
Men are often very critical folks — they know ex-
'¦'. actly what they want when going to buy clothes. Crit-
icai men come here with a preconceived idea of what
they want and, their desires can be satisfied in every '
detail. The only thing that they will find different •
from what they expected will be the price. It will be
an agreeable surprise to them' when they find out what
a goo^l suit weimake to order for as low a price as •
Our prices for made-to-order clothes range from
10 to $30, and each price represents full value for the
money. '
Every suit is guaranteed. Money back to the cus-
tomer if dissatisfied; a year's repairing free if' he
chooses to keep the suit. •
"«. Could we interest you in our Samples? • f
Suits for out of-town customers made' to order satisfactorily through ' j
cur self-measuring system— write for samples. f
718 Market St,.and
Cop. Powell and Eddy Streets.LOS ANGELES, June 2.— Charles Reilly
has resigned his position as captain of
the Los Angeles baseball- team. . Reilly
assigned no specific reason for his action,
but declares he is tired of being blamed
for things for. which he ia In nowise re
sponsible. He will continue to play third
base. ¦ • •¦¦•,•¦'¦ $ v- •.¦'¦.¦';- -t :-¦:/¦ ¦¦¦-.• ¦•-"¦,-:. .».
Morley's Captain Besigns.
TOPEKA, Kans., June 2.— Mrs. Carrie
Nation walked from the Shawnee County
1ail to-day a free woman. Governor Stan
ley has Issued her a full pardon, also re
mitting the $100 fine. Mrs. Nation was
imprisoned May 16 on the proven charge
rif smashing stores and saloon fixtures.
She wasto serve thirty days and the $100
fine at $1 per day.
Gov. Stanley Pardons Mrs. Nation.
CINCINNATI. June 2. — Latonla results:
First race, six furlongs — Boaster won, Miss
"Wandelohr second, Clyde Esmond third. Time
1:15 3-5.
Second race, five furlongs — Simple Simon
won. Not Wisely second, Tom Hall third.
Time, 1:O2>6.
Third race, seven furlongs— W'yola won,
Polly Bixby second, Frlesland third. Time,
l:29tf.
, Fourth race, one mile, selling — Banquo II
won, Baffled second, Itacatara third. Time,
1:42V4.
Fifth race, five furlongs — Gerda won, Lady
Phllura second, Winesap third. Time. 1:03%.
Sixth race, seven furlongs — Eleven Bells
won, Llzza A second. Pretty Rosle third.
Time, l:2ts%.
CHICAGO, June 2. — Harlem results:
First race, six and a half furlongs — The
Mormon won, George Whitney second, Blessed
Damosel third.' Time, 1:23. "
Second race, fcur and a half furlongs — Farm
er Jim won, Lady Matchless second, Pluck
third. Time, 1:00. ' t .
Third race, seven furlorgs — The Lady won,<
Boney Boy second, Dr. Stephens third. Time,.
1:35 3-5. > S
Fourth race, the Excelsior handicacp, one
mile and an eighth — Lucien Appieby won,'
Aladdin second, Marcos third. Time, 2:04 3-5. '
Fifth race, one mile and a sixteenth — Mar
shal Neil wen, Dlgby Bell second. Miss Lisa
third. Time, 1:55 3-5. Banish finished , third,
but was disqualified for fouling.
Sixth race, one mile and seventy yards — Ar
ticulate won. Flying Torpedo second. Imp.
Scintilla third. Time, 1:45 3-5.
NEW YORK, June 3.— Gravesend results:
1 First race, hurdles, one mile and three
quarters — Cephalatgia won. Big Gun second,
Semper Ira third. Time, 3:18.
Second race, selling, five furlongs — Sooth-
Kayer won, Bernard second, Makeda third.-
Time, 1:01%. ' ' ", ''
Third race, maidens, one mile and seventy
yards — Tchula won, Daffydown Dilly S second.
Lord Sterling third. Time, 1:47. /
Fourth race, the Manhanset stakes, for two
year-olds, five furlongs — Injunction ¦ won. Sir
Voorhees second, Klttaning third. Time, 1:01.
Fifth race, handicap, .one mile and: a six
teenth — Highlander won. Colonel Bill .second,
Hermis third. Time, 1:4ft 3-5. "' -•!
Sixth race, about six : furlongs, selling — Jo
jepPia won, Rappenecker second,' AlardjScheck
third. Time, 1:10 3-5. ..,<.. -t : -
Seventh race, about six furlongs,, selling—
Ascension wen. Neither One second, Early Eve
third. Time, 1:10.
ST. LOUIS, June 2.— Fair Grounds sum
mary: • • : >
First race, five furlongs — Bear Creek won,
Flora Levy second, Seize third. Time, 1:03%.
Second race, six furlongs — Maggie Clopton
¦won. Precisely, second, Herodes third. Time,
1:151/4. • .
Third race, six furlongs — Scorpio won, Lake
¦view Belle second. Rollick third. Time, 1:14%.
Fourth race, mile and seventy yards — Wax
Taper, won. Found second, Peaceful third.
Time, 1:40. ; . •. . .
Fifth race, mile and an eighth, selling — Sa
linda won, Alice Turner second, Love's Labor
third. Time, 1:66%. .ri., ,
Sixth race, seven furlongs, selling— Miss Go
lightly won, Kitty G second. Guide Rocks
third. Time, 1:28.
Injunction Wins the Manhanset
Stakes for Two-Year-Olds
at Gravesend.
MABSHAL NEIL FHTCSHES
IN FBONT AT HABLEM
Handball Tournament.
The handball tournament is still on at
the Olympic Club. A largo crowd watched
the players last night. J. Cole and F.
Sherry defeated Wegner and Gallett by a
score of 21—18, 21—15. Converse and Col
lins beat Ophuls and Starr by a score, of
21— 14, 21— 15. Butz and Kennedy default
ed to Powers and Green. Third class
players will contest to-night.; Coffroth
and Cosgriff will play Cunningham and
Martin. Gartland and Bullion will play
McCarthy and Krone and Hammersmith
and Pentony will play Clough and Atkin
son.
Do You Play Poker?
If you do,, buy your chips of us. We
have a complete stock of chips, playing
cards, dice, chessmen, checkers and a
large variety of tally cards. Sanborn, Vail
& Co., 741 Market street. •
SAN JOSE, June 2.— The Common Coun
cil shortly after last midnight passed an
ordinance leasing to Hugh Center two
and a. half acres of Pfound in Alum Rock
Park Center will erect a $40,000 hotel on
the land, to be operated as a summer and
wirter resort In connection with the min
eral baths, which are city property. The
late session was necessary to pass the
ordinance, it having been brought up at
a. previous session last evening.
Leases Alum Bock Park Land.
Your Eirst Duty to Yourself
Is to look after your own comfort. The com
fortable trains of the Nickel Plate Road, Chi
cago to New York and Boston, carrying Nickel
Plate dining cars, In which are served Ameri
can Club meals at from 35c to $1 each, always
please the traveling public. JAY W. ADAMS,
p. C. P. A.. 3T Crocker building. San Fran
cisco, Cal.
Have You Large FeetP
If so give us a call to-morrow (Wednes
day) morning at 9 o'clock. We place upon
sale 5000 pairs of ladies' shoes, sizes 2% to
8 width A to EE, for 50c a pair. All good
shoes, made of vici kid. black or tan, lace
o'- button, made by first-class makers.
They are fully worth $3 50 a pair; our
price for Wednesday 50c a pair. Also a
line of children's shoes for 35c a pair.
Don't miss this chance, you may never
get another. Open at 9 o'clock sharp.
Busy Bee Shoe Co., 1039 Market street,
above Sixth.
NEW YORK, June 2.— A Journal special
from Port of Spain, Trinidad, says: Alarm
has been caused here by the mud volcano
at'Piparo Hill, about forty miles from
this city, showing unusual ' activity. A
visit to the scene, made with considerable
difficulty, verifies to some extent the re
port of an eruption, and at the same time
satisfying the people that there is not
much immediate cause for alarm.
Loud reports and the opening of about
eight new vents, all at a season of the
year when it has never been known to
show activity, have caused even hitherto
unconcerned residents to feel the neces
sity of watching its behavior during the
approaching rainy season' with more than
ordinary anxiety.
PARIS, June 2.— An official dispatch
from Fort de France, Martinique, dated
June 1, says: It is useless to send fur
ther provisions, of which there are suf
ficient on the island. The situation is un
changed. Mont Peleo continues its erup
tions and is emitting cinders.
SALT LAKE, Utah. June 2.— Mose La
Fontise of Montana and Buddy King, the
Denver colored lightweight, fough't
twenty rather tiresome rounds to a draw
at the Salt Lake Athletic Club to-night.
La Fcntise rushed the fighting continu
ally after the ninth round, but could not
land effectively. King's superior reach
stood him in good stead. He Jabbed La
Fontise in the face almost at will, but his
blows lacked steam and did no . harm.
King had a badly puffed eye. Otherwise
neither man was marked at the end of
the contest.
Fight Twenty Tiresome Bounds.
PHILADELPHIA, June 2.— Charley Mc-
Keever was practically knocked out by
Philadelphia Jack O'Brien to-night in the
first round of what was to have been a
six-round bout at Industrial Hall. Five
seconds before the gong sounded O'Brien
landed a right hook on the point of Mc-
Keever's jaw and the latter was carried
to his corner. He still had five seconds
In which to recover, but when time was
called for the second round McKeever
was unable to respond. The referee de
clared it A knockout.
Charley McKeever Is Knocked Out.
Fitzstephens said he shot Hayes be
cause he got in his way. The dead man
was sent to the asylum two years ago,
but was discharged six months later as
cured.
I wanted to kill Mrs. McCarthy, Daly and
some others bocnu.se they did me dirt when I
was sent to the asylum.
ANACONDAV" June 3.— Patrick Fitz
stephens, a former inmate of the- State
Insane Asylum, this afternoon armed
himself with .two revolvers, and,' putting
a hundred extra cartridges in his pocket,
started out to kill a number, of persons
whom he blamed for having testified
against him when he was sent to the asy
lum. He shot Police Judge Hayes, and
Deputy Sheriff Joseph Daly and was in
turn shot four times by Sheriff Contry.
Fitzstephens died two hours later. Hayes
and Daly will recover.
Just before he died Fitzstephens asked
to bo shot, and said:
SHERIFF KILLS
ARMED MADMAN
LONDON, June 2.— "Kid" McFadden of
San Francisco knocked out Jem Williams
of London at the National Sporting Club
to-night In the fight for the bantam
weight championship of the world and a
purse of £350. The fight was the sharpest
five-round contest which has been seen in
London for a long time. A big crowd at
tended, including Tom Sharkey, Gus Ruh
lin, Joe Walcott and other participants in
the pugilistic tournament to be held here
in connection with the coronation festivi
ties. ¦ ¦ '
McFadden ' could not get down to the
weight and was allowed to go on at 120
pounds. He forced the fighting from the
start and proved to be the stronger. Wil
liams, however, ,was active and had the
better of the third round. But the end
came suddenly at the close of the fifth,
when McFadden landed a half-hook on
the Englishman's jaw.
Antagonist in the Fifth
Bound.
San Francisco Boy Knocks Out His
KID McFADDEN DEFEATS
JEM WILLIAMS OF LONDON
HON. GEORGE E. CHAMBER
LAIN; PROBABLY ELECTED
, GOVERNOR OF OREGON.
ROME, June 2.— The Papal Secretary of
State, Cardinal Rampolla. to-day received
Judge Taft, Governor of the Philippine
Islands. Bishop O'Gorman of Sioux Falls,
S. D., acted as interpreter.
Papal Secretary Beceives Taft.
TRIES TO COMMIT SUICIDE.— Peter Dolan
attempted suicide yesterday at 143 Third street
by slashing his left arm with a razor. Dr
Murphy sewed up the wound at the Emer
gency Hospital.
MUD VOLCANO
CAUSES ALARM
George H« "Williams, General Grant's
Attorney General, has been elected Mayor
of Portland, defeating his Democratic op
ponent by a heavy majority.
W. J. Furnish, Republican candidate for
Governor, is running far behind his- ticket
In nearly every county in the State &vA
the returns at hand" indicate his defeat
The Legislature will be Republican by i a
safe majority, but it is impossible to make
an accurate estimate with the returns
now in.
Tj-^yORTLAND, June 2.— An election
1 J# was ne '°- m O re £°rt to-day for
8=^ State officers, two Congressmen
Jl and members of the Legislature,
which will elect a United States
Senator to succeed Joseph Simon. At
midnight scattering returns indicated the
election of George E. Chamberlain (Dem.)
for Governor. The entire Republican
State ticket, with the exception of Gov
ernor, is elected by from S000 to 12,00)
majority, and Thomas H. Tongue and J.
N. Williamson are elected to Congress by
large majorities.
Fred W. Zeigenhein, son of "former
Mayor Zeigenhein, appeared to-day be
fore Judge Ryan and his bond was in
creased to $25,000. being $5000 on each of
the counts In the indictment against him
for bribery and extortion.
The report of the Anril Grand Jury confirms
and emphasizes the report of the two precej
lng Grand Juries, touching the extent to
which public servants have gone in their
wicked and flagrant betrayal of their trust.
It is your duty to continue and finish if
possible the investigation.
INSTRUCTS GRAND JTTBORS
TO INVESTIGATE OFFICIALS
ST. LOUIS, Mo., June 2.— The June
Grand Jury was sworn in to-day and in
structed by Judge O'Neill Ryan. The
Judge said: (
The Ariel Athletic Club will hold its reg
ular monthly boxing exhibition at
Mechanics' Pavilion Annex next Friday
evening.
The condition of Britt's hands makes
it practically impossible for him to keep
his intended engagement with George Mc-
Fadden. There was some talk about
Briit boxing McFadden before the Hayes
Valley Athletic Club the latter part of
this month, but the match will have to
be declared off. Britt is in need of a
rest and on the advice of his trainers
will po to Harbin Springs next Saturday
to recuperate. He may take a trip next
month to Portland and box Perry
Queer.an.
Al Smith, the well known sportsman,
who is looking after Jack Roofs interests,
stated yesterday that he would bring Root
out here within five days and match him
apainst George Gardner and that he
would also bet $1000 on the side that Root
could again beat the Lowell boxer. Gard
rer and Root were to box in Carson on
July 4, but the match fell through. The
Century Club of Los Angeles is striving
to have the two men fight there on July 4.
Jimmy Britt is nursing a pair of hands
as a result of his tistic encounter with
"Kid" L-avigne last Friday night. Britt
landed time and again on Lavigne's hard
head and while he broke no bones his
"mitts" are swollen to twice their natural
eizt. Jimmy now uses a valet to dress
him. He cannot part his hair or lace
his shoes. His chief object in life at the
present time is "to stop friends from con
gratulating him with hearty shakes of
-the hand. As soon as Britt spies a friend
ccming with the avowed intention of
wringing his "mighty duke," Jimmy side
steps, places the injured member out of
danger and greets him. Many of his
friends thought Jimmy had become in
flated over his victory and felt hurt, but
es soon as it dawned on them that the
clever lightweight was suffering from
swollen hands, they changed their minO.
WASHINGTON, June 2.— Secretary Root
sent to-day. to the House a supplemental
report by Major O." F. \ Liong, the army
quartermaster, formerly in charge of the
transport service at San Francisco, an
swering the criticisms made by Colonel
Chamberlain, inspector general of the
army. Major Long declares that the
transports were purchased, chartered and
maintained in service as economically as
the conditions of war and emergency war
ranted: that millions were saved to the
Government by the methods pursued; that
while in a few isolated cases high prices
may have been paid, yet this was due to
urgent necessity and is offset by enormous
savings in other cases; that army regula
tions and business methods were followed ;
that the San Francisco business com
munity gave effective and patriotic sup
port to the Government and that reflec
tions on the community were unwarrant
ed by the facts; that as a whole all the
transactions of the transport service dur
ing the urgency period of the Spanish
war show infinitely more gain than loss.
I wish to inform you that I have abandoned
Christianity in all its forma and after care
ful and thoughtful study have embraced the
religion of Islam (Mohammedanism). lou
may be like some other Christians and thinK
that such will justify you in completely ostra
cising me and hating me -with a most beautiful
un-Chrlstian hatred. Do as you please. I have
got sense enough to know that I will get no
material benefits from my religion, but. In
stead, may be killed or allowed to starve to
death. All I want you to do if such a thing
happens anywhere near Santa Cruz Is
First not to allow any Christian rite to be
performed over my body, nor any Christian
minister to come even near my remains. In
the absence of one competent to conduct the
Mohammedan service, a Jewish Rabbi, or a
Unitarian minister. If they are quite handy,
otherwise nobody.
Second — No woman to touch me after I am
dead nor to have anything to do with my
burial. , .
Third — In such a case communicate with
Mohammed Alexander Russel Webb Esq.. Ruth,
erford, N. J., who Is the Shelkh-ul- Islam (head)
of the religion of Islam In this country.
SANTA CRUZ. June 2.-Rev. James L-
Rodgersi former pastor of the Bapusi.
church of Imusdale. Monterey Count>.
who created a sensation several days ago
by announcing that be had renounced
Christianity and embraced Mohamme
danism. . ¦-. 4 ,, I
ism. tenants a cell in the Santa Cruz jail.
Rodgers disappeared just after the discov
ery of an incendiary fire at the Natural
Bridge dairy' last evening, and for a time
it was believed he had committed sui
cide by jumping from a cliff into the aea.
To-night he was found hiding behind
seme rocks near the cliff drive.
Rev. Mr. Rodgers had been employed
at light tasks at the dairy farm for some
time past while remaining there for ihe
benefit of his health. It »s believed that
his mind has given way under the strain
of illness, and he will be examined by the
Insanity Commissioners.
The dwelling on the dairy ranch was
set on nre in four different places last
night, kerosene being used, and the cot
tale where the workmen, stopped waa
burned to the ground with «» contents.
When the fire was discovered- Rodfe^rs
was seen running down the road toward
the cliffs, yelling at the top of his voU-.
Rogers is a young man of more than
ordinary ability. He came to this vicinity
from Monterey County about a year ago
for his health. He was a native of Scot
land and a graduate of the Lnlverslty of
Edinburgh. For a number pf years he
resided in Brazil, where his father was a
Several days ago Rodgers wrote to a
friend as follows:
Special Disnatch to The Call.
The NoblH medal, an annual prize of $60,
Robert F. Keefe; special mention, Joseph hur
ley; next in merit— Edward Cosgrtff, Charles
Laumeister. James Araneta, James Chichizola,
Thomas Feeney. '
Junior Nobili medal, an annual prize or 5^5.
Frederick Ralph; special mention, Michael
O'Toole; next in merit— Albert Van Houtte,
Alexander Cody, Caesar Castrucclo, Edward
McFadden, George Araneta.
The Archbishop's medal, William F. Terra
zas; next in merit, Frederick J. Slgwart; dis
tinguished—George Araneta, Ignatius Guerrero.
Francis J. Arburua.
The Donahue medal, an annual prize of $oO,
George Araneta; next in merit — Alphonse Que
vedo; distinguished— Thomas Feeney. Alfred
Bowhay, Albert Van Houtte. ..._„. ,
The Ryland medal, a prize of $45. Edward
H Cosgriff; next in merit. William V. Regan;
distinguished— Thomas Sweeney. Aloysius
The McCann medal, an annual prize of $25,
John H. Riordan; distinguished— Albert Van
Houtte. Alexander Cody. John Parrott. Ralph
C. Harrison. Edward 1* Kirk, Fred L. Sav-
The Kennedy medal, an annual prize of $30,
Walter P. Fleming; distinguished, Charles O.
Russell. . . . ,, A
The Pescia roedal, an annual prize of $50,
John H. Rlordan; distinguished — Hugh L.
Jones, Ralph Harrison, Chester C. Evers. Wil
liam Muhlendorf.
The Congiato medal, an annual prize of $o0,
Charles Laumeister; distinguished — Joseph Zi
ccvlch, Lejeal. • ... +-A
The Accoltl medal, an annual prize or $o0,
John Parrott; distinguished — John Riordan,
Albert Van Houtte. .
The Henderson medal, a prize of $25. Michael
C O'Toole; distinguished — Francis Moraghan.
Albert Van Houtte. Frederick Savageau.
The Brown medal, a prize of $25, Michael C,
O'Toole: dlstlnguished-r-Alfred Bowhay, Walter
Stone J. E. I*afon, James Araneta.
The announcement of awards concluded
the evening's exercises. The list is as
follows:
Overture, S. C. C. Band; "Water In Its Sci
entific Aspect." a lecture in two parts; (1)
"The Chemical Phases of Water." William V.
' Regan assistant James Bacigalupi: bombardl
: no solo, Walter Fleming; (2) "The Physical
I Phases of Water,'! Thomas Sweeney, assistant
;' James Bacigalupi; march, S. C. C. Band; dis
• tribution of gold medals; degrees conferred; ad
i dress by his Grace the Most Rev. Archbishop
j Rlordan; march. S. C. C. Band.
The evening programme is here given:
AWABDS ARE DISTRIBUTED.
At 10 o'clock the literary programme
began before a large audience, and was
followed by a distribution of prizes.
After the morning exercises there was a
dinner for guests, students and alumni.
This evening the distribution of gold med
als was accompanied by literary exercises
of'rare merit.
The attendance at the college this year
has, been larger than .in years past, and
the college halls have resounded with the
enthusiasm and life of many new classes.
The institution was never in a more pros
perous condition. The morning pro
gramme was as follows:
Overture, Santa Clara College Band; intro
ductory address. Charles Laumelster; clarionet
solo, Walter Fleming; metrical version or
Horace's ode. "Maecenas Atavis" (by Fred L.
Savageau) Edward Kirk; "David and Goliath
(by Francis Moraghan). Hugh L. J° nes ;
• Sounds From Erin," Santa Clara College
Band; "Gratitude" (poem), James Bacigalupi;
distribution of prizes.
SANTA CLARA. June 2.— The fifty-flrst
commencement of Santa Clara College
was held to-day. Flags were flying from
all the college halls; the red and white
emblem of the institution surmounted
the scientific building, and the stars and
stripes floated from the north and south
gables of the historical college theater,
where the graduation exercises were held.
Special Disuatch to The Call.
Declares Millions Were Saved
to the Government by
Methods Pursued. ¦¦'¦ •
His Match With McFadden
Undoubtedly Off for
a Month.
Gold Medals Are Distributed
to Those Who Excelled •
in Studies.
Officers Find Him in HidiDg
Near Scene of an Incen
diary Fira.
Says Transport Service
Was Economically
Conducted.
College.
Class of '02 Graduates
i at Santa Clara
I3 Insane.
Clergyman Converted to
Mohammedanism
Lightweight Boxer Can't
Shake Hands With
His Friends.
BRITT SUFFERS
SWOLLEN "MITTS"
LONG REPLIES
TO CRITICISMS
STUDENTS EARN
THEIR REWARDS
PASTOR RODGERS
TENANTS A CELL
THE SANi FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 3/ 1902
Incomplete Returns Indicate Election of Chamber=
lain Over Furnish 'by Small Majority.
DEMOCRAT MAY GOVERN
THE STATE OF OREGON
4
ADVX3TI&EMIENTS.
STATEMENT
OF .THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
Assurance Company
OF AMERICA
OF NEW YORK. IN THE STATE OF NEW
Tork. on the 3l8t day of December, A. D.
1801. and for the year ending on that day. as
made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner: - -
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up in
cash , $200,000 00
, . ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company $433,750 0»
Cash in Banks W.6S2 17
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 1,168 67
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion 88,745 28
Total Assets $588,344 12
LIABILITIES.
Losses in process of Adjustment or
In Suspense 34,220 00
LoFses resisted, including expenses.. 250 00
Gross Premiums on Fire Risks run- ¦
tng one year or less. $34G.S71 11;
reinsurance 50 per cent 173,435 CO
Gross premiums en Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. $76.-
160 75; reinsurance pro rata 43,918 99
All other Liabilities 47.767 99
Total Liabilities $299,592 54
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums $402,976 57
Heceived for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans, end from
all other sources 11,795 65
Total Income $414,775 22
EXPENDITURES. ..-.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses.... $218,897 C8
Dividend? to Stockholders 24,000 00
Paid or allowed (or Commission or
Brokerage 121.332 61
Paid lor Salaries. Fees, and othjer
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 3,635 00
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes 9, C07 42
All other payments and expenditures 3,707 31
Tctal Expenditures $381,240 00
Fire.
Losses Incurred during the year.... $234,576 66
Rlrks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $53,761,834 $617,627 22
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 40,317.021 455,093 08
Net amount in force
December 31. 1901.. 36.878.839 423,03186
1 It C. RATHBONE. President.
EMIL G. PIEPER. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 7th
flay of February, 1902.
CHRIS. BAMBART. Notary Public.
Pacific Department
C. A. HENRY & CO.,
215 Sansome Street,
San Francieco, Cal.
S , - troubles as S. S. S. It searches out even hereditary
/#^^ /#^^ poisons, and removes every taint from the blood,
and builds up the general health. If weaklings
K^J>1 KJ|1 are growing up around you, right the wrong by
putting them on a course of S. S. S. at once. It is
a purely vegetable medicine, harmless in its effects, and can be taken
by both old and young without fear of any bad results. ' '. . ' •»
Write us about your case, and let our physicians advise and help you.
This will cost you nothing, and we will also send our book on blood and
6kin diseases. THE! SWIFT SPECIFIC CO., Atlanta, Ga.
There is no remedy that so surely reaches deep-seated, stubborn blood
How can parents look upon such little sufferers and not -reproach
themselves for bringing so much misery into the world? If you have
any disease lurking in your system, how can you expect well developed,
healthy children ? Cleanse your own blood and build up your health, and
you have not only enlarged your capacity for the enjoyment of the pleasures
of life, but have discharged a duty all parents owe to posterit}', and made
mankind healthier and happier.
P^fnk^mfcffjfr^ " ** 1S e n £kt °* every child
/fil f^rii^i *° e ""^ born, and to the
health and
IJ LJm is the parents'
€-?*k j^ rfTkSl 1 responsibility, and how important that
KpcLa /jxR no taint of disease is left in the blood
H to transmitted to the helpless child, entailing the most
pitiable suffering, and marking its little body with offen-
sive r.ores and eruptions, catarrh of the nose and throat, weak eyes, glandular
swellings, brittle bones, white swelling and deformity.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
jHpblTEKS'
Positively cured by these
liittle Pills.
They also relieve Distress from Dyspepsia,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fect remedy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi-
ness, Bad Taste in the Moutn, Coated Tongue
Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regujate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pill. Small Dose.
Small Price-
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
of the: —
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF HARTFORD. IX THE STATK OF CON-
nectlcut. on tho Ulst da^?' December A.
D l»01. and for the year ending on that day.
! as made to the Insurance Commissioner of th?
State of California, pursuant to the pro-
visions of sections 610 and 611 of the Political
Code, condensed as per blank furnished by tha
Commissioner:
CAPITAL.
A Tin cLh aP A U^.. St . O . Ck :... Pa : d <t. 25 O.CO0 0O
ASSETS. •
Real Estate owned by Company.. »^-500 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortga S js. ... 793,200 OO
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company.. 8,1-2,555 01
Amount of Loans secured by pledga
of Bonds. Stocks and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral.. 4.S00 00
Cash In Company's Office 47.160 57
Cash In Banks • •• 677.890 6-
Interest duo and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans «« «-
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages • - 11.303 53
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
Due° from "other Companies for re-
insurance on loasea already paid. 1..0S8 it
Total Assets $12,259,076 45
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid . $309,182 28
Lorses In process of Adjustment or
in Suspense •...•.•-••--•••-¦• ti>>,oi9 u*»
Losses resisted. Including expense*. «3,M1 01
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less. $3,795.-
134 72- reinsurance 80 per cent.. 2,837,567 38
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than on« year. $7,743,-
- f« 40- reinsurance pro rata 3.900,937 33
Commissions and Brokerage du«
and to become due 113,323 00
Total Liabilities ...IT $3,008,221 01
INCOME.
N« cash actually received for Firs
premiums ...$9.853. .83 03
1 Received for Interest on Bonds „_„_„-
and Mortgages v::v; • M' 39.807 38
Received for Interest and dividends
' en Bonds Stocks. Loans and
: from all other sources 320,023 82
Received for Rents - 17,399 92
• Received from all other sources.. 179 72
Total Income ....$10,031,193 85
. . EXPENDITURES. ~ 7T n*X
. »j,^t amount paid for Fire Losses .
* (Including $581,241 46. Ios3ts of
, previous years) $5,242,822 91
Dividends to Stockholders 4C0.CCO 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or "
Brokerage 1.707.772 30
1 PalO for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc. 567.831 83
Paid for State. National and Lo-
1 cal Taxes -• 198.288 82
All other payments and expend-
itures 1,096,633 5?
Total Expenditures $9,213,371 3»
Fire. •-¦.
Losses Incurred during the year. .. .$6,075,881 13
¦ Risks and Premiums Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of
during W the t year a |$1.019.068.207 $11,814,027 13
Net amount of
Risks exp I r e d
: during the year. 713.100.591 8.856.637 23
i Net amount In
' force- December
31, 1901 1.221.902.701 13,538.77113
' GEO. L. CHASE, President.
P. C. ROTCE. Secretary.
• Subscribed and sworn to before me this 34
i ay of January. 1902. M. B. SCOTT.
? Notary Public
— —— — - •¦* - * '.
; HENRY K. BELDEH, Manager.
WHITNEY PALACHE, Asst. Manager.
313 California St., S. F.
I SYNOPSIS OF ANNUAL STATEMENT
1 OF THE—
Connecticut Fire
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF HARTFORD. IX THE STATE OF CON-
necticut. on, the 31st day of December.
1001.
CAPITAL.
Amount of casltal stock paid up
in full $1,000.000 00
ASSETS. " " ~~*
Stocks and bonds owned, ;. $2,297,810 CO
Vulue of real estate owned.... 217.C0O to
Loans on bonds and mortgages.. 1.10S.730 90
Cash on hand and in bank 392,tS02 Si
- Premiums In course of collection
and transmission 217.418 71
Total admitted -assets $4,313,611 52
LIABILITIES. ~~
Gross claims for losses unoald..* 279.043 C2
Amount of unearned premium on
all outstanding risks 2.031.144 70
Total Liabilities $2.310. 1SS Vi
Total Insurance in force Decem-
ber 31. 1001 $328.391.270 00
INCOME. —— — — —
Premiums received during the .
year in cash •••• $2.3««.13C67
Interest and dividends received
during the year 136.4S3 60
Rents received during the year
net 5.302 63
Total Income *•••• $2.539.124 »8
EXPENDITURES. "
Losses paid during the year $1,362,728 41
Dividends paid furtns the year
on casltal stock. 100,000 00
Commissions and salaries paid .
during the year 673,949 13
Taxes paid during the year. 72.S78 4rt
Amount of all other expenditures 172.195 W)
$2.381.749 03
PACIFIC DEPARTMENT,
411 CALIFORNIA ST.;^
BENJAMIN J. SMITH, Manager.
COLIN M. SOYD, Ageat for San Franclsso.
DK-flALL'SREINYlSORATORSgraS
Stops all losses In 'Jl hours. Five
hundred reward for any casa we 33 "*S\
cannot cure. This secret rem- vJ
edy cures Emissions, lmpotenov, »TT^ 55?3
Yaricocele. Gonorrhoea. Gleet. £f? Wfll
Strictures. Drains. Lost Man- UK ImJ
hood and all ether wasting ef- fe^ Pjfhi
fect3 of self-abuse or excesses. Crf~V TTlr.JilJ*
Sent sealed. $2 bottle; 3 bottles. $3: guaranteed
to cure any case. Call or address order*
HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE. S35 Broad-
way. OaMand. Cal. Also for sale at 1073 &
Market *C «. F. Bend for free book. ¦<-<¦
*** ¦¦T<3r^
I The Leading Whiskey |
means that . i£
?£ ftjclltl liSiOj l\ 3j nf 7I phenomenal pop- jK
Ik B"ftfyfa|i5ijB^Qrfra ularity through
? v fgffiM*^^Muyy&JD^3 *' s perfection in
« CHRISTY A WISE COMMISSION- CO.. Inc., 2-
?'; O3 A 225 California St.. 8an Francisco, Cal. '&
j£j Telephone Uatn 87J.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS, THE
Great Mexican Remedy; gives health and
strength to sexual organs. Depot, 323 Market.
sweater
UUllOl o j^^^^^&MF^W$-
A sweater" is the thing to
I wear when you are walking or 4^
I exercising. Better get a new />jffi^ ''^^ '^'''^^^^V^'
I one to take along on your va- /^j^^^ir^§^^y|v^^^"V^
I cation. We anticipated a large |^^^-f^^^^^^p^'^
I trade in sweaters this year, so j |i^P^^^ :^^rB%'5^
I bought largely and will sell at f
I correspondingly low prices. f^^^^^^^a^^^^
¦ For this week we announce I^^^^^S^^^r^^^L
I a sale of - dollar sweaters. W^^^^^^M \^l
1 ors are black, garnet; navy and . v^^^^^^^^^v|\urt
I royal blue, each with harmon-
H The sweatcs are knit by '
B the latest machinery, which
f| makes them hold their shape
¦ 'even after washing. They are $1.50 in value, but our price is
I ®1.00
1 Out-of-town orders filled— write us.
1 : , 718 Market Street
STATEMENT
OP THB —
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OP THB
National Standard
INSURANCE COMPANY
OP KEW YORK, IN THE STATE OP NEW
York, on the 31st day of December. A. D.
1901, and for the year ending; on that day, as
made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
01 sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
In cash (200.000 00
ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
bonds owned by Company. $423, W0 00
Cash in Banks 101,427 79
Interest due and accrued on . all
Stocks and Loans 1.0S3 33
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion 94,404 07
Total Assets $620,505 IS
LIABILITIES.
Losses in process of Adjustment or
In Suspense 134,840 0C
Losses resisted. including- ex-
penses 735 OC
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less, $351,275 41;
reinsurance 50 per cent.. 175,637 70
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, $73,-
271 07; reinsurance pro rata 42.139 43
AU other Liabilities 53,135 94
Total Liabilities .$306,494 07
INCOME. —
Net cash actually received for 'Tire
premiums $401,918 27
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks, Loans, and from
all other sources 13,242 11
Total Income $418,190 33
EXPENDITURES. '.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (in-
cluding $19,543 00. losses of pre-
vious years) $216,775 17
Dividends to Stockholders 24,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 121.76S IS
Paid for Salaries, Fees, and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 8,215 00
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes 11.017 41
All other payments and expenditures 3.147 64
Total Expenditures $379,923 40
""Fire;
Losses incurred during the year. ...$234,421 17
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $56,024,251 $661,912 96
Net amount of Risks
expired Curing the
year • 40,177.398 460,551 13
Net amount' in force
December 31. 1901.. 37.230.491 424,546 48
R. BLEECKER RATHBONE. President.
EMIL G. PIEPER. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 7th
flay of February, 1902. >. ¦
CHRIS. BAMBACH. Notary Public
Pacific Department
C. A, HENRY & CO.,
» 215 Sansome Street,
San Francisco, Cal.The office. of the San „ Francisco News
Letter and the Overland Monthly have
been moved to the Halleck Building, 320
Sansome street. •
The case of the Mexican Land and Colo
nization Company against William H
Healy and Robert Tibblts was dismissed
yesterday by United States Circuit Judge
Morrow, it having been settled out of
court.
Settled Out of Court.
We are in a position and have the neces
sary materials for framing all style pic
tures with perfect artistic harmony and at
the lowest prices. We are picture framers
in the true sense of the word, creators of
real artistic wall hangings, and are pains
taking in the treatment of every picture
for the best possible results. Sanborn
Vail & Co., 741 Market street. ¦ oanDO £ n '
To the Lovers of Art.
A. W. Moore, commander of the Union
Mission Army, with headquarters at 626
Washington street, , was arrested yester
day moraine on a warrant charging him
with disturbing the peace. The complain
ing witness is Bert A. Chapman, a roomer
at the army headquarters. He alleges
that Moore, while laboring under strong
excitement yesterday morning, raised a
disturbance in the place, tried to choke
his wife, and when Chapman interfered
to protect her struck him. Moore was
released on $10 cash bail. He has been
in trouble on several previous occasions.
Says Moore Was Boisterous.
E'^l W. Cockrell. widow of Robert L.
Cockrell. a police officer, commenced suit
yesterday for a writ of mandate com
pelling the Board of Police Commission
ers to ray her ?10t0 out of the police pen-
Fion fund. She alleges that the sickness
that caused her husband's death was con
tracted in the discharge of his duties.
"Widow Sues for Pension.
In selling out the Hirschman clothing to
make room for another shipment from St.
Ivouis, men's all-wool suits, worth $13. for
$3 £5 at the manufacturer's sale of cloth
ing, S15 Market street, opposite Mason. •
Tlie Lyceum Clothing Company.
Overture, selection from "Florodora," Col
lege Orchestra; Introductory. "De lndagatione
Historica," Emmanuel J. Hromada (human
ities); poem, •'Achilles." Thomas J. Flah»rty
(poetry); melody, •"Solitude." College Orches
tra: essay. "The Xovel In the Nineteenth Cenl
ury," Edward M. Masterson (rhetoric); waltz.
"Janet." College Orchestra. "Suum Cuique'
a Problem Play Solved" — Peregrine Stanhope.'
a man with a past. Theodore P. Murpny; Peter
Ptubbs. another man with another past, An
thony J. Smith; Sir John Masham. an amiab.e
baronet, apparently without a part. Joseph K
Crowley; Sam, his footman, unworthy of a
past, David J. O'Keefe. Intermezzo. "Oasis,"
College Orchestra; president's address; distri
bution of ordinary prizes in academic course;
finnle, march. "On Review." College Orchestra.
St. Ignatius College Hall was the scene
of the forty-third commencement for the
academic course of St. Ignatius College
last night. The large hall was filled with
the parents and friends of the graduating
class. "Suum Cuique," a neat little
cirama, was very ably presented by four
cf the graduating class. The introduc
tory, "De lndagatione Historica," was
cleverly delivered by Emmanuel J. Hro
rr.ada. A poem by Thomas J. Flaherty
end an essay by Edward M. Mastersoh
were well received. The following pro
gramme was rendered:
With Diplomas and Awards
for Merit.
Students of Academic Course Honoied
ST. IGNATIUS HOLDS
ANNUAL COMMENCEMENT
S. H. Kent made a plea, supplemented
by Supervisor Comte, for the payment of
$2000 to the Park Panhandle Commission
ers, but the item was stricken out. The
sum of $5000 was ordered to be paid to
Martens and Coffey out of such fund as
the board may hereafter designate.
Braunhart's motion that $12,000 be set
aside out of the school fund for a chil
dren's playground north of Market street
was withdrawn after Wilson opposed it.
The board recommended that the Park
Commission expend $1500 to improve Co
lumbia square.
Assessor Dodge informed the board that
the assessment roll will slightly exceed
that of last year, when it was $413,000,00),
in spite of the fact that there would be
a loss of $6,000,000 on national bank stock
and several millions less on reduced as
sessments on old improvements. - Dodge
thought the actual tax collections would
be made on $405,000,000. . •*.
Wilson made a plea for the opening of
PETITION IS DENIED.
WOULD ABOLISH POSITION.
Commissioner Casey, would not say
whether or not he could perform the
duties of the Chief of the Bureau of
Streets in addition to his own. Casey
said that if the money was not provided
the Commissioners would certainly do the
work. Supervisor Wilson thought that if
Casey could fill the position another Com
missioner could do the work of the Super
intendent of Buildings and a large saving
could be effected. Casey said if more
work were imposed upon him he should
certainly insist that his colleagues do
more work. Casey also objected to item
izing the expenditures of the Board " of
Works and denied that the board is top
heavy as regards heads of bureaus and
employes. Manson said if he were given
charge of the streets he' could do as he
pleased without fear of being discharged.
The board then took up the budget,
item by item, and no objection was made
until the appropriation for $275,000 for pub
lic, lighting was reached, when Wilson
moved that $257,000 be set aside, but with
out success. Brandenstein objected to
$"8,«C0 being allowed for Recorder's copy
ists, and his motion that $26,000 be appro
priated was carried. • ' i i ;
Supervisor Loughrey urged that $26,000
additional be allowed for firemen, so they
could get one day off in ten, but the item
was not allowed.
Supervisor Wilson's motion that the
item for the Bureau of Streets be restored
from $15,600 to $20,100, which would make
possible the retention of Street Superin
tendent Heath and Office Deputy Dono
van, was lost. McClellan's motion that
the amount be fixed at $17,700, which al
lows the retention of Donovan but en
compasses the dismissal of Heath, was
carried.
On Bent's motion the Health Board was
allowed $300 additional, with a recom
mendation that the salary of two dairy
inspectors be increased from $75 to $90 per
month.
Alpers' motion that $6000 allowed the
Bureau of Engineering for making private
lot surveys be eliminated was lost.
The Board of Supervisors 1 , after an all
day session, passed to print last night the
ordinance fixing the budget of expendi
tures for the municipal government^ for
the next fiscal year. The tax rate 'was
fixed at ?1 0762 on every $100 assessed valu
ation, including the appropriation for the
parks, which is outside the dollar limit.
Including the special levy of 15 cents for
new schools and a new hospital, the total
tax rate for city purposes will ' be $1 2262
per $100. The State tax will be ; in the
neighborhood of £>0 cents, so the grand
total rate will be in round numbers $1 75
per $100 valuation. The budget provides
for increased salaries - for a number of
positions and as a consequence but little
was left for permanent improvement-5.,
In fact an increased assessment roll is re
lied on to provide for urgent work on
streets and sewers.
At the afternoon session School Director
Roncovieri urged that the board appro
priate $45,000 in addition to the $1,220,000
decided upon, as there would be a $45,000
shortage in the school fund next year.
Brandenstein said the Supervisors desired
the Noe Valley school to be built out. of
the special levy for schools. Roncovieri
replied that, the Board of Education in
tended to build the school out of this
year's surplus. .
Chief of Police Wlttman pleaded for an
appropriation to pay one additional cap
tain, four additional lieutenants, seven
additional sergeants, ten additional cor
porals, and 600 patrolmen, or sixty-nine
in addition to the number recommended
by the Finance Committee.
J. Leo Park7 secretary of the Board of
Public Works, made an eloquent plea that
the salaries of several e'mployes be raistd,
which would necessitate the allowing of
$1140 in addition to $24,180 allowed for the
maintenance of the main office. Commis
sioner Manson declared that the abolition
of the position of Chief Heath of the
Bureau of Streets and Deputy A. J. Dono
van would seriously cnppie that depart
ment. Manson said the duties of the two
places could not be performed by the
Commissioners without neglecting consid
erable executive work.
Two petitions signed by property own
ers in the northern- section of the city
and by 000 employes of the Fulton Engi
neering and Iron Works at Harbor View
were hied with the Board of Supervisors
yesterday to grant the franchises for the
construction of electric roads in various
parts of the city as petitioned by the
United Railways.
Favor Granting Franchises.
An ordinance was passed to print order
ing the construction of a. sewer in Sixth
street, from Harrison to Bryant, at a cost
of 510,200, and the extension of Potrero
avenue sewer from Twenty-fifth street to
Army at an estimated cost of J5200.
The roadway of Potrero avenue, be
tvveen Twenty-first and Twenty-third
streets, was fully accepted.
An ordinance was passed to print allow
in? former Deputy Justices' Clerks Byers,
Roxburgh and Aubertine two-thirds of
their salaries as a compromise.
An ordinance was passed to print by the
Beard of Supervisors yesterday ordering
the repaving wtih bitumen of Hayes
street, from Van Ness avenue to Laguna
rtrcet, at a cost of $S500; of Commercial
street, between Montgomery and Lcides
rtorfC, at a cost of $1450; of Sansome street,
from Washington to Jackson, with basalt
blocks; Mission street, between Ocean
nvenuc and Persia avenue, with bitumen,
at a cost of $2400, ,and Market street, be
tween Van Ness avenue and Twelfth
street, with bitumen, at a cost of $5000.
The clerk was directed to advertise for
proposals for the burial of indigent dead
and for the printing of the law and mo
tion calendar.
Supervisors Pass to Print Ordinances
for Much Work.
ORDER STREETS PAVED.
"solvent credits (agents' accounts) $3,012,036,"
to be reassessed by me together with the real
estate. (Under numerous decisions tha high
est courts solvent credits in the hands of agents
who are empowered by their principal to col
lect and reinvest same have declared such
solvent credits to be taxable at the agent's
residence.) The sum on which the payment
of back taxes for 1S9G can be enforced amounts
to $843,996. This will bring Into the city
treasury over $13,000, which sum should have
been paid years ago, as there was no dispute
as .to the legality of the assessment on these
particular Items of. property.
Your honorable board is respectfully request
ed to direct the Tax Collector and Recorder to
cancel tax sale number seven hundred and
thirty (730), made July 3, 1897, as provided
in section 3S05, being assessment of 1896, vol
ume 2a, page 74, subdivision 10 of block 501,
Western Addition, assessed to Wells, Fargo &
Co., personal property franchise $10,000, fix
tures $5000. money $475,585, bonds $171,1V»4,
solvent credits .$182,217, solvent credits (agents'
accounts) $3,012,030. All of the above named
personal property except the last named item.
It appears that the assessment made in 1890
by a previous Assessor of this county against
Wells, Fa-rKo & Co. was secured by a small
piece of reajty, not equal in value to the
amount of taxes due on said assessment. As
a result of this fact the taxes have never been
paid. After a thorough investigation of thl«
matter I am satisfied that there Is a provision
In the general law by which these back taxes
can be collected. This Is possible through a
reassessment by this office for the current year
under the provision as laid down in the general
law.
In a communication Dodge explains how
Wells, Fargo & Co. has attempted to
avoid paying a large amount in taxes by
the petty subterfuge of selling to the
State a small piece of real estate. The
communication says:
Assessor Dodge submitted a resolution
yesterday to the Board of Supervisors di
recting the Tax Collector and Recorder
to cancel the tax sale whereby a lot at
Pine and Broderick streets, owned by
Wells, Fargo & Co., valued at $3000, was
sc--i ;t> the State in 1S97 for delinquent
taxes amounting to $13,000 The resolution
states that the property has f>een irregu
larly assessed for the year 1896 and directs
the Assessor to reassess and enter the un
collected taxes upon the assessment book
of 1902 to be collected as other taxes en
ttred thereon.
"I would favor a tax on every barrel
of whisky or barrel of beer," said Ruef
"which would be a graduated tax on
the amount of business done; but this
is not possible under tne charter. If you
want to raise 5120,000 for 100 more- police
men put a tax of ?500 per year on the
breweries, of which there are forty, and
a tax of $500 on wholesale liquor dealers
and you will have your $120,000. The brew
eries will willingly pay this license."
"This discussion has drifted , from the
business to the moral side." said Super
visor Boxton. "We need the money, and
some one told us that the saloon-keen
ers were the easiest to get it out of."
Ruef said that the raising of the license
would drive out 1000 saloons, so that the
necessity for an increased police force
would disappear, if it is true that this
necessity is caused by saloons. Ruef said
that he could produce $1,000,000 front in
terested parties if the saloons would be
restricted to 2000, with a- license tax of
$200 per year, as, the business would be
more concentrated with the lesser num
ber of saloons.
Police Commissioner Hutton said that
the. wholesale liquor dealers and fruit
stores selling liquors in excess of a. quart
were not under i the jurisdiction of the
Police Commission. J. T. Hurley said
that there are 2300 liquor stores paying
internal revenue licenses, but which pay
no city license. Hurley said if these paid
a license there would be plenty of money
for the Police Department.
Attorney Nagle said that the churches
should not be heard on the subject, as
they do not pay taxes. Dr. Larkin up
held that members of his congregation
paid more taxes than all saloons com
bined.
"I have always felt that the liquor deal
ers are not paying their just propor.
tion of taxes," said Rev. F. M. Larkin,
pastor of Grace "M. E. ¦ Church, "for 75
per cent of the. crimes and the cost of
the Police Department is due to sa
loons. I rise to suggest that the ques
tion be put to a popular vote. I would
be willing to agitate the subject, «nd be
lieve that public education would mean
a restriction of the saloon trade." ' .
Alpers thought that the wholesalers
should be taxed in order to increase the
revenue, and deprecated the recommenda
tion of the Police Commission that drug
stores selling liquors pay a license of
$5 per quarter. Alpers said $15 per quar
ter would not be too much.
"A sudden raise in the license 'is cer
tainly a radical change in policy," said
D'Ancona, "and before so doing we
should be suro that we have the moral
support of the majority of the people.
If we are In need of more money to run
the city government we should certainly
ascertain the will of the people as to
the manner in which it should be raised."
WANTS WHOLESALERS TAXED.
D'Ancona said that the board has the
right to raise tho liquor license If it
deems it advisable.
Braur.hart stated that a Supreme Court
decision held that the' submission of an
ordinance to the people is unconstitutional
and that if the ordinance were so- adopted
the liquor interests would attack its le
gality. In reply, Ruef said that the prop
osition made by Connor to submit the
ordinance to the people had come with
surprising suddenness, but he did not
think that such a proceeding would be
illegal under the charter. Braunhart said
that after the terms of the ordinance had
been decided upon and had been adopted
by the people he desired to know if the
law would be accepted in good faith by
the liquor dealers. Ruef replied that he
thought it would be.
"If something is not done by this
board," said Connor, "the people will take
the initiative and vote for an ordinance
to raise the license. I am here to protect
the small liquor dealers, and we do not
want the liquor men to submit the ordi
nance. Eastern cities have license taxes
largely in excess of the rate in effect here.
The improvement -cIuTds are interesting
themselves in this matter and one of them
has even submitted an ordinance on the
subject." , i
Supervisor Eggers explained that the
$800 license in New York City was paid
not by the. small dealer, who was finan
cially unable to pay it, but by the big
breweries and wholesale liquor dealers.
LEGALITY OF ORDINANCE.
The Board of Supervisors yesterday
dodged the proposal to increase the retail
liquor license to $200 per year and de
cided to take no action, but to leave the
point to be settled by a popular vote,
{supervisor Connor, who has constituted
himself the champion of the increase,
weakened at the supreme moment of in
troducing an ordinance on the subject.
Many retail liquor dealers were present to
protest against raising the license, and
arguments were presented by seveal at
toneys.
Yvhen the debate began Connor ex
pressed himself as willing to witnaraw ail
proceedings 1£ me issue wouia De suo
inittea to the electors at the November
election. He said tnere was not a city in
tilt Lmted States tnat aid not -pay the
expen&ea of the I'olice Department. J. 1.
Huney of the San Francisco Protective
As-scciation aaid cue retail grocers aid not
object to submitting tne question to the
ptople. :'/, ,„
"in that case," said Connor, "I will
withdraw. The special levy will rais i
$000,000, which will come out of tne pocK
ets ol taxpayers. Wny, one-naif oi the
liquor dealers would vote for $aoo license.
This last rernarK was received with
cries of "No! No!"
A. Ruef, attorney for the California Lii
quor Dealers' Association and Brewers
Protective Association, said his clients
were ptrtectly wining to submit the ques
tion to a popular vote. Ruef said that
liquor dealers paid more than their just
proportion of taxes and would- pay the
special tax for schools and hospital with
good grace.
"Why should this one particular trade
be tax"ed to the verge of suppression,
asked Kuef, "in the guise ot raising a
sanall revenue? You are willing to sacri
llce a thousand small liquor dealers be
cause some of the larger dealers are sat
isfied to pay the increased license. If it
is a question of determining whether we
shall have saloons, 1 am willing that the
people should pass upon it. Consider the
wholesale liquor dealers or the large
breweries in imposing an increased license
and do not put all the burden o_n the
small dealer. You would not get much
additional revenue by raising the license,
considering the suppression of the many
small saloons."
The report in the San Francisco- papers
that the supposed murderer Hadley had
taken a steamer for the antipodes and
lnight have stopped here is not credited
by the local police. High Sheriff Brown
received a circular giving notice that
iiadley was wanted some time ago and
has been keeping a lookout for him.
The Rev. Alfred Willis, for more than
thirty years Bishop of Honolulu, leaves
this week for Tonga Islands, where he
will establish the Anglican church and
will probably remain in charge thereof.
By a vote of the Hawaiian Synod the
prayer books and hymnals that have long
beer, used in St. Andrew's Cathedral
r.ere have been turned over to the Bishop,
who will take them to Tonga. American
prayer books and hymnals are to be used
here in future.
It is said that Circuit Jutige Humphreys
of the First Circuit Court may be a can
didate for Delegate to Congress in the
election next November. Some of the
liome rulers favor nominating him, and
i:e has the support of one element among
ihe Republicans. James H. Boyd, Super
intendent of Public Works, is also being
lilscussed as a candidate. The present
Delegate. R. W. Wilcox, is expected back
here by the end of next mouth, and he
will probably make a fight for another
nomination.
HONOLULU. H. T.. May 27.— The
tchconer Kawailani, engaged in the inter
island trade, was searched by United
States Marshal Hendry last Saturday
xiight under a search warrant secured by
Collector of Internal Revenue Chamber
lain, who had information that some
'"ckolehao," a native gin, was on board.
Two gallons of the stuff was found. It
was the product of some unlicensed still
on the other side of the island from Hon
olulu. The vessel was seized and proceed
ings have been begun to confiscate her
fcr carrying the illicit liquor.
Out of possible surplus above $405,000,000
valuation: Opening of Lyon street. $*V>00;
Pollrp Department, $21,360; opening of Dun
can street. *12,0C0.
The budget as adopted follows:
BUDGET AS ADOPTED.
Supervisors, salaries, $43,200; attorney for
revising ordinances,, $U00; clerks. Board of
Equalization, *5w; advertising, $14,000; burial
lnaiuent dead, $30U0; interment deceased
Untied States soldiers and sailois, *3Uik>; main
tenance public pound, ipiiuou; 'prisoners' sub
sistence In prisons, .>tiOuU; prisoners' subsist
ence in jails, $41,000; stationery and printing,
$ol!,000; printing ordinances, stationery
and printing lor Assessor, $3000; reblndlng
books, $3000; typewriters, $2075; furniture lor
public buildings, 916,260;' Fourth of July cele
bration. $-500; Memorial day, . $500; urgent
necessities, $30,000; water for municipal pur
poses, $110,820; ' maintenance minors In Mag
dalen Asylum, $7000; minors in State schooH,
$7000; non-sectarian institutions, $7000; feeblt
minded children, $20,000; examination insane
persons, $5000; public lighting, $275,000; Mayor,
charter salaries, $10,200; contingent expenses.
$3000; Auditor, $13,000; other expenses, $17,800;
Assessor, $44,200;. Assessor's extra clerks, $4U,
000; incidental,. $.'1500; Coroner, salaries, $16,
000;- additional employes, $1620; expenses,
$3840; Recorder, salaries, $S400; additional em
ployes, $4500; copyists, $20,000; Tax Collector,
$00,450; Treasurer, $11,200; additional em
ployes, $3C00; Superior Court Judges. $25,800;
stenographers, $18,000; court- interpreter, $6000;
City Attorney, $20,300; District Attorney. $3S,
000; County Clerk, salaries, $70,600; printing
transcripts on appeal, $2500; Jury and witness
fees, $25,000; expenses of juries. $500; Grand
Jury expenses, $1200; Justices of the Peace,
$17,100; law and motion calendar, $2400; law
library. $4140; Sheriff, $01,000; Police Judges-
Court, $19,200; two extra stenographers, $4800;
Police Department, $S3S,084; contingent
fund, ?S000; rents, police station, $5184; police
patrol, $20,000: incidentals, $700; Health De
partment salaries, $59,940; expenses, $60,000;
leper hospital, $83C0; smallpox hospital, $4000;
emergency hospitals, $33,000; expenses, $7200;
Almshouse. $85,000; City and County Hospital.
$105,000; department of electricity, salaries and
expenses, $45,000; placing wires underground
and install inc wires of central fire alarm sta
tion, $50,000; telephones, $10,000; Fire De
partment, $815,000; Department of Elections,
¥145,000: Civil Service Commission, $8700;
Board of "Works, general office. $24,180; Burenu
of Light and Water, $3600; Bureau of Build
ings. $30(50: cleaning City Hall and Hall of
Justice, $58,405; repairs to public buildings,
$56,780; Division of Architecture, $13,510; Bu
reau of Streets, $17,700: cleaning and repairing
pewers, $70,000: repairing sft-eets with basalt
and cobbles, $50,000; repairing streets with
bitumen. $20,000; repairing streets on the water
front, $5000; repairing county roads. $10,000;
cleaning and sprinkling . streets, $190,000; cor
poration yard, maintenance, $11,630; main
tenance of bridges. $7100: Bureau of Engineer
ing. $60,000: examination of public utilities,
$5000: new buildings, fir* engine-house In
boarding-house district. $45,000; completion of
Southern police station.. $15,000; construction
of pesthouse, $7500; new work on streets and
sewers, constructing sewers. $43,905; work in
front of city property, including $3000 for side
walk around Duboee Park. $20,000; paving
streets. $65,000: firemen's rplief fund. $18,000;
expenses retrial of Cordelia Bo.tkln. S4000; pub
lic library. $60,750; park fund. $2R3.500; park
bonds, interest account. $15,000: sinking fund
S10.000; to fill in property in the Sunset Dis
trict near tho Almshouse, $2500: building new
sewers. $53,012; repaving accepted stre*t«i, $4B.
000;' Board of "Wnrka. additional. $1140; total
expenditures, ?5,05S,500.
Boxton's motion that the Police Depart
ment be allowed one captain, four lieu
tenants and ten patrolmen, at a cost of
i>21,360, was adopted, with the under
standing that the money be taken from
the taxes collected in excess of a J405.0O0,
000 valuation. Brandenstein's motion that
of |8ls,152 still remaining unappropriated
the sum of $54,152 be set aside for new
sewers and $4b,ooo for the repaving of ac
cepted streets was adopted, with the pro
viso that $1140, of the sewer appropriation
be added to the appropriation of the
Board of "Works to raise salaries in the
general office. The Board of Works was
authorized to expend whatever surplus
there may be above an assessed valuation
Of >405,OOU,00O.
Owing to lack of funds the ordinance
appropriating $3(5,000 for open-air free con
ceits was withdrawn.
Duncan- street, but Brandenstein said that
as it would benelit the property owners
they should assess themselves for the im
provement. D'Ancona urged that L.arkin
street be repaved.
A bold robbery was committed yester
day morning at the cigar store of W .
-\Vilhelmi, 509 Montgomery street, by two
voung men who are said to be hangers
on arcund, the Cafe Royal. They got
away. with $80 in gold which Wllhelmi had
in his till.
'Shortly after 8 o'clock they came into
the store and one said he wished to pur
chase a pipe. Wiihelmi, "who is an old
man, came from behind the counter to
show • the .Intending purchaser the pipes
in the glass case near the entrance. \V hile
doing so he heard a noi^e behind the
counter, anil looking round saw the other
man coming- from behind it. He attempt
ed to stop him, but received a blow on
Uje chest that staggered him.
The man who came irom behind the
counter ran down bacramento street ana
his companion . ran along Monstgomery
street, both disappearing before an aiarm
was raised: YVnueimi found his cash
Qrawer on the floor and $Sl> in gold which
he had in a small tin box nad been stolen.
Two Gallons of Native Gin
Found on Her by Rev
enue Collector.
Fix Tax Rate at $1.2262 on
Bach $100, of Assessed
Valuation. .
Saloonmen Consent to Sub
mit Ordinance to Vote
of People.
Seeks to Prevent Corporation
Escaping Payment of
Taxea
Police Have an Accurate
Description of the
'Burglars.
Daylight Raid Made on
Montgomery-Street
Cigar- Store.
Increase Many Salaries
and Leave Little for
Improvements.
Federal Officers Seize
an Island Schooner
at Honolulu.
Assessor Dodge Aims
to Circumvent Wella-
Fargo.
Supervisors Take Their
Hands Off Proposed
Increase.
EVADE LIQUOR
LICENSE ISSUE
WOULD CANCEL
SALE TO STATE
SUPERVISORS
ADOPT BUDGET
MAY CONFISCATE
TRADING VESSEL
BOLD THIEVES
EMPTY A TILL
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 3, 1902.
5
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
OF THE^
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
-OF THE
ASSURANCE COMPANY
OF LONDON, ENGLAND, ON THE 31ST
day of December, A. D. 1901, and for the
year ending on that day. as made to the In-
surance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed
as per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
' CAPITAU
Capital 125,000,000
'Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In
Cash 2.750,000
ASSETS. "
Real Estate owned by Company $173,170 87
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company CPS.312 50
Cash in Banks. 64,285 35
; Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans . 1,750 00
Premiums In due Course of Collection 40,084 91
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks 565 00
Rents due and accrued 475 00
Total Assets .$877,643 6J
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $2,453 00
, Losses in process of Adjustment or
in Suspense 2.4S3 71
Losses resisted. Including expenses.. ' 427 94
Grcss premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less. $221,607 98;
reinsurance 50 per cent 110,803 99
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. $108,-
979 03; reinsurance pro rata 65,341 56
Commissions and Brokerage due and
to become due 6,349 CS
Total Llabilitie .$187,865 78
INCOME. (
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums $257,653 04
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans and from
all other sources 22,044 17
Received for Rents 13,767 54
Total Income .....$203,464 71
, EXPENDITURES. :
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(including $4,452 27, losses of pre- .
vlous years) $67,990 73
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 61,617 31
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc... 13,288 24
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes 3.764 99
All other payments and expenditures 20,463 77
Total Expenditures .$167,125 04
- . • Five.
Losses Incurred during the year $6S,073 87
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $26,201,390 $337,934 19
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 22,732,131 270,88190
Net amount in force
December 31. 1901.. 23.727,108 330,537 01
SAML. R. .WEED (of Weed & Kennedy).
Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 27th
day of January, • 1902. •¦ ...
GEO. H. COREY.
Commissioner for California In New York.
Pacific Coast Branch
416-418 Calif ornia St.,
San Francisco, Cal.
C. F. MULLJNS, . E. T. MEBLING,
Manager. - Asat. Manager.
OCEAN TBAVEIj.
flrf>A2l*II<» & K £*A «' WA!J . 3A " J °*. tff.i
ueeanic5.5.co, brhb;
SS. AUSTRALIA, for .Tahiti
Siimlay. June 9, 10 a m.
SS. SIERRA, for Honclulu, Samoa. Auckland
and Sydney Thursday. June 12. 10 a. m.
ES. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu.
Saturday, June 21, 2 p. m.
I. D. SPRICIELS k BS0S.CO., General Ajtl, 329 MailX
Ben'l fass. Officg. 643 Mar&t St., Pier la. 7. Pacing sl
Cosmos lii^e.
SS SERAP1S, 4000 tons, CAPT. W. RICHERT,
b Sailing June 6, 1902, }
For Mexican, Central and South American
ports, will carry passengers. Special rates to
Couth America. This steamer, la equipped with
electric lights and other modern Improvements
and carries an experienced physician. For all
Information regarding passage, rates, etc..
apply at office of
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS.' CO..
s&fawrt? 643 Market St.. General' Agents. '
Hamburg American.
TAVIX-SCREW EXPRESS SERVICE
, PLYMOUTH— CHERBOURG— HAMBURG.
A. Victoria June lTIColumbia July 3
F. Bismarck... June 2C|F. Bismarck.... July 24
TWIN-SCREW PASSENGER SERVICE
PLYMOUTH— CHERBOURG— HAMBURG.
Vic Lulse. ;.. . .June 10 [Patricia ...... .June 17
Moltke June 10 1 Bluecher June 24
Hamburg- American Line, 37 B'way, N. Y.
HERZOG & CO., General Agents for Pacifle
Coast. 401 California st., San Francisco.
[V- OCTi ATT IBAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
. J^Z? Steamers leave San Fran-
IRW~ clsco as follows:
KKjnBBSt For Ketchlkan, Juneau,
Saf^yg'^V-- Skaguay, etc.. Alaska — 11 a.
fcPT fe^itttM m.. June 5. 10. 15. 20. 25. 30,
; E§VSS^aa July 5. Change to company*
! KsbsCzv***** steamers at Seattle.
r^*wB§BfiiM For Victoria. Vancouver,
<**¦ Port Townsend, Seattle. Ta-
coma, Everett. Whatcom —
11 a m June 5 10, 13. 20. 23, 30. July 5.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— 1.30 p. m..
SR&R2S8 fvV| OT f& ? 'i^s-
Redondo), San Diego and Santa Barbara-
Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m. • , :
State oT California. Thursdays. 9 a. «•
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro) Santa Barbara. Santa Cruz, Mon-
teSrf Sa^Slmeo^ Cayucos.' Port Har ford (San
Luis Obispo). Ventura. Hueneme and 'Newport
(•Bonita only). -..««» Tr.w 1
Coos Bay, 9 a. m.. June 7. 15, 23, July 1.
For a Enstnaaa. Wagdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata, La Pas. Santa Rosalia.
Guaymas (Mer.)— 10 a. m.. 7th each month.
For further information obtain folder. ¦•
Right Is reserved to change steamers or sali-
'"tTC^KT^T OFFICE—* New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
C D. DUNANN. Gen. Passenger Agent.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO., Gen. Agents.
10 Market st. San Francisco.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
FOR — -
LEAVE SEATTLE:
SENATOR 9 P. M.. JUNE I
VALENCIA 9 P. M.. JUNE 7
And fortnightly thereafter auring the season.
Steamships CITY OF PUEBLA and QUEEN,
leaving San Francisco May 26 and May 31 re-
spectively, connect with above steamers. The
new and elegant steamships Senator and Va-
lencia made regular trins to Nome last year,
landing all passengers and freight without loss,
mishap or delay. For passenger rates and Nom»
folder, apply TTCKET OFFICE. * New
Montgomery street (Palace Hotel).
C. D. DUNANN. Gen. Pass. Agent
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
O. R. & N. CO.
ONLY STEAMSHIP LINE TO
PORTLAND, 0r. f
And Short Rail Line From Portland to All
Points East. Through Tickets to All
Points, all Rail or Steamship and Rail, at
IiOWSiST ilATKS.
Steamer Tickets. Include Berth and Meats.
SS. COLUMBIA Sails.. June 2. 12. 22. July 3
SS. GEO. W. ELDER SAILS.. June 7. 17. 27
Steamer sails from foot of Spear st.. 11 a. m.
D. "W. HITCHCOCK. Gen. Astt.. 1 Mong*y. S. F.
TOYO KISJN KAISBA.
STEAMERS WILL. LEAVE WHARF. COR-
oer First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
SS. AMERICA MARU
Friday. Juno «, 1903
SS. HONGKONG MARU
Saturday. June 28. 1902
SS. NIPPON MARU.. Thursday, July 24, 1903
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERY. General Agent.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION GO.
And Gia Sud Amaricana da Vapores
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3. Dier 10. 12 m.
PALENA June 7.TUCAPEL July 19
AREQUIPA ...June 27IGUATEMALA .Aug. a
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger office. 31G California street
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE ft CO., Gen. Agents.
C0MPAGNI2 GENSBAtB TRAK3ATLASTI1JC3.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. jf^g^
Sailing every Thursday, instead of <(«a22»
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from Pier 42. iHni*
North River, foot of Morton street.
First class to Havre, $70 and upward. Seccn-t
class to Havre. $45 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson building). New
York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Pacific Coast
Agents, S Montgomery avenue, San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Itaiload Ticket Agents.
AMERICAN LIXE.
NEW YORK. SOUTHAMPTON LONDON.
St. Louis. June 11. lOamtSt. Paul-June 23. 10am
Phila ....June 19. lOamjSt. Louis. July 2.10am
RED STAR LI.NE.
. NEW YORK. ANTWERP. PARIS.
FreesIand.June ll.noonlVaderland June 21. noon
Southwrk..June 18. noon [ ICroonlnd.. June 2S.noon
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO...
CHAS: D. TAYLOR.G.A.P.C..30.Montgom'y st.
EAY AND EIVER STEAMEBS.
FOB U. S. NAVY YARD AND YALLEJO.
Steamers GEN. FRISBIE or MOHTICELLO
9:45 a. m.. 3:15 and 9:30 p. m., except Sun*
day. Sunday. 9:45 a. m., 8:30 p. m. Leaves
Vallejo 7 a. m., 12:30 noon, 6 p. m.. except
Sunday. Sunday. 7 a. m., 4:15 p. m. Far* &i
cents. Telephone Main 1508. Tending \ and
office, pier 2. . Mission-street dock. HATCH
BROS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
0«o«eo9e®o®ee®Q9eeoao9oooee9Ooeoea00e«oeo«o*ft
® yet '•
8 S
I Who Is BroKcn in Health? g
S ji^fV Whose Back Is WeaK? , o
I 1bH Whose Nerves Arc Shattered? •
S -/^' J Who Is Old While Young? %
% ImS ' \ wi^A. r ° u are ere offered \ new life, fresh •
% /tW%J?' \ courage and nerves and vigor which be- 9
® s?&*'~: | ers-iilL ' ong to stron S men - You can be made 5
q «j||$:||V JM?*^ S^^^j e f rom le e^ ect s of past errors and S
* ft^^^M Dr - McLaughlin's 1
I Electric Belt. . J
® *§$£BBe. i I i^^^^l flliw **" ' s wortn ' ts weight in gold to every ©
© W»|mjP(V / ' | TwSja? man whose strength and vitality are O
0 gpr \ leaving him. r It fills the body with, •
? nerve force, warms the blood and stimulates the circulation, and renews Jl
% ail the; mental and physical energy wasted in earlier years.; ,. It restores ?|
q the snap, the vim and the vigor of youth. Any man who wears it can.be S
9 a giant in mental and physical development. ,. ¦ 2
0 . It has cured 50,000 people and the testimony is on file for all who Q
© want proof of what this grand remedy has done. The failure of medi- 9
© cine, of quacks, and even of other so-called Electric Belts, is.no argument •
•against Dr. McLaughlin's Electric Belt. No other treatment, no oth'er ®
I? belt, is in the same class with it." Everything else may fail, but' Dr. Me- S
Laughlin's Belt will cure. .It has cured thousands who have tried other S
q remedies without success. ' » • A
© If you are tired of useless drugging and have spent all, your time and 9
® money without benefits, call or write to-day for my beautiful. book, which ©
© describes my treatment and gives full information. O
A P I nilTnU Bew ?. reo f medlcaI c °ocerns offering "Electric Belts Free" or for 2
A bAurllm a . trlfle - T h's offer Is only a trick to foist a package of medl- •
O UflUiiUii| C | nes U p on y 0U c.OD. Write to nje foran explanation of the trick. •
© Dr. M. C. :McLau£hlin, ; M6 KS^ %
2. Office Hours— 8 a. m. to 8:30 p. m." Sundays, 10 to 1. •
S ¦ NEVER SOLD BY DRUG STORES OR AGENTS. - ©
to • aea a A©©a©e ••©«©•©©©©© ©••©©••©©© a© a© a a© a© a *S
San Francisco, Tuesday, 3 June, 1902.
I Handsome rocker $4.50
We have this rocker in two different woods — oak
finished in golden brown and birch in imitation
mahogany. Cobbler seat studded with brass nails.
The picture above is accurate — that's a feature of
our advertising. Fourth floor.
One hundred and two different styles of tabour-
ettes on the fifth floor. Prices begin at ,$1.25.
Ought to find something to suit, don't you think ?
Drapery Department. Dainty French bobbinet
curtains— 54 inches wide, 60 cents; 72 inches wide,
80 cents. Braids to match for trimming, 35 cents,
j 45 cents and 150 cents the dozen. Third floor.
! (Successors to California Furniture Co.)
i 957 to 977 Market Street, Opp. Golden Gate Avehiie.
jp, ».UUiaitfim^,IIIIIHII'lllW < l,Mllh h" uJ-IUIMJ^UJJIUAhliMgEM
Ufa .j&;£&Jb£ Hi
iL^^il I How Truly the Great
J^B^ Jfiffi I F ame of Lydia E. Pink-
y^^^^^& : 1 ham's Vegetable Com-
1 I pound Justifies Her Orig-
"^ _^,n^ I na^ Signature.
Lydia £V Pinkham's Vegetable Compound*
It will entirely cure the worst forms of Female Complaints, all Ova-
rian troubles, Inflammation and Ulceration, Falling and Displacement
of the "Womb, and consequent Spinal Weakness, and is peculiarly
adapted to the Change of Ldfe.
It has cured more cases of Backache and Leucorrhcea than any
other remedy the world has ever, known. It is almost infallible in such
cases. It dissolves and expels tumors from the Uterus in an early stage
of development, and checks any tendency to cancerous humors.
Irregular, Suppressed or Painful Menstruation, Weakness of the
Stomach, Indigestion, Bloating, Flooding, Xervous Prostration, Head-
ache, General Debility quickly yields to it.
Womb troubles, causing pain, weight, and backache, instantly re-
lieved and permanently cured by its use. Under all circumstances it
acts in harmony with the laws that govern the female system, and is as
harmless as water.
It quickly removes that Bearing-down Feeling, extreme lassi-
tude, "don't care" and " want-to-be-lef t-alone " feeling, excitability,
irritability, nervousness, Dizziness, Faintness, sleeplessness, flatulency,
melancholy or the " blues," and backache. These are sure indications
of Female Weakness, or some derangement of the Uterus, which this
medicine always cures.
Kidney Complaints and Backache of either sex the Vegetable
Compound'always cures.
2fo other female medicine in the world has received such
widespread and unqualified endorsement. No other medicine
has such a record of cures of female troubles.
Those women who refuse to accept anything else are re-
warded a hundred thousand times, for they get what they want
— a CUTG» Sold t>T X)rn«»«Hcr*:«i A-ci^rn-horA. "R<»f«<"» Jfcll Kn1>S - Ht.Tlt«»«.European correspondents have evidently ceased
trying to kill the Pope in dispatches. They are
hatching plots of assassination now, and the process
will probably cocticue until something new turns up.
American feeling over the great calamity at Mar
tinique has expressed itself in contributions of cash
rather than in poetry, but the poetry will come along
later, and in the meantime it is consoling to know
the cash fills the want that is most felt.
A Chicago traveler who has been to Boston says
the architecture of the city shows specimens of Co
lonial, Elizabethan, Georgian and Venetian styles,
nnd he asks why there are no specimens v of carbon
iferous cr tertiary architecture, but the coarse, crude
question has left Boston speechless and unable to
reply.
The men who do that sort of thing are fond of
calling themselves "good citizens." They " pride
themselves upon the fact that they are opposed to
It is th'e custom of the American people to post
pone their political duties. Men will attend to busi
ness or to pleasure, or even spend much time in
mere idleness,, neglectful of their duties as citizens
until the excitements of the actual campaign begin;
Then they go in a flock to register. Some even
delay until it is altogether too late and then com
plain of the election I4ws.
REGISTRATION is going on but slowly, and
yet every citizen who fails to register will for
. feit his franchise. It is comparatively easy
to register now, for the office is not crowded, but in
a short time the rush of the belated ones will begin
and then the late comers will have to stand in line
and take their turn-, so that what can now be done in
a few minutes may take an hour.
REGISTER AT ONCE.
Perhaps France and Gr^at Britain will now be will
ing to put their West Indian islands. on; the bargain
counter' and give Uncle Sam a ; chance' to get: them
cheap. ; ; : ¦¦ •;¦¦-" ¦'.,;/. \ V -7 ;
As President Palma is already complaining of
office-seekers, jt#is evident that sugar-growing is
not- the only American industry that flourishes in
It is charged that Simon Sam, the ex-'President of
Hayti, stole more than "$8,000,000 during his tenure of
office. Mr.- Sam is evidently notione of the Simple
Simons of whom we have heard. -
The price of beef is high, but let us not forget that
the meat packers and the members of the beef trust
are assuring us they are doing business at a loss. The
distribution of beef at present seems to be a pure
philanthropy, and ¦ we . cannot expect it to be cheap.
Some years ago a New Jersey millionaire built
two handsome churches and gave them to the con
gregations on condition that no musical instrument
should ever be used in them. The condition was
fatal! After a hard struggle to keep going both con
gregations have given up the structures and will
build churches of their own. The two gift edifices
it is said are to be torn down to make way for other
buildings. The case is a" warning to philanthropists
not- to put tod many I strings on their gifts.
"Ears were made before the steam cal
liope was Invented." remarked the Ob
server of Events and Things, "or possibly
they would have been constructed with a j
.tight-fitting cover."— Yonkers Statesman, j
Patience— Have you seen the. new spring
color? It is called Messenger Boy.
Patrice— What a funny name!
Patience— Not at all. It's warranted not
to run.— Yonkers Statesman.
One day. when the mother of twelve
children had worked very hard, she said
to the youngest (who was called Frank):
"Frank, I wish I had a girl to do my
work."
Frank said: "Why don't you trade/one
of us boys off for a girl? But not-tne."—
Little Chronicle (Chicago).
• Deacon R6BS^-Speshal prayer am axed
f o' Brudder Long, who am now in jail fo'
de. tenth time, bein' . catch fightin' his
lobin' nabor.
Parson Simms— Den de congrashion will
bow - In . prayer/ axln de marcy. ob.de
Lawd, so dat dls black sheep mought be'
bohn agin, an bohh a gal chile at date!—
Life. ¦¦¦¦-¦ . : - -:r:_ ¦¦ ••• -• ¦_ - . • .
P ? ; Going. to Thunder Mountain P P
Tho -Northern Pactflc Railway Is- tho best,
cheajpept and' quickest; route. . From Lewlston
and fetltcij.. Idaho, there are' >rood wasron roads
<o e'th'er'Warretta^or Dixie, . from which point*
the trails into this district aro most accessible.
For rates, etc., address T. K. STATBLEr!
G. A., "647 Market'st.'. S. F. . ' ¦ «
¦ '.' ..,."..¦¦ _ ' . * * — ¦ r
Dt. Sanfoi-d's Liver^Tnvigorator,
Best Liver Medlcln*. Vegetable Cure for Liver Ills
Biliousness, Indigestion, Constipation, Malaria.*
"Oh. yes; Mrs. Twaddle came and sat
in our box and we had a regular visit." —
Philadelphia Bulletin. . :
"Did you enjoy the opera Tuesday night,
Mrs. Twiddle?" . •
A CHANCE TO SMILE
TAMALPAIS— T., City. Tamal-pals
means country of the tamals. In the early
days of California there was a tribe of
Indians that were called Tamals by some
and Tomales by others. They inhabited
what is now Marln County and Tamalpais
was a designating term for the country
they occupied. A good many years ago
an individual of poetic fancy evolved out
of his own mind "an Indian legend" in re
gard to Mount Tamal-pals based upon an
idea that viewed from a certain point the
crest of the mountain of which the mount
named is the extreme eastern end rep
resents the form of a woman at rest and
he wrote a poem for one of the news
papers in which he told a tale of love and
that the heroine died and formed part of
the mountain chain. That is about all
there is to the legend of the "sleeping
beauty" in connection with Tamalpais.
LONGEST RIVERSR., City. The long
est rivers in the world are: '
Africa— Nile. 3895 miles; Niger, 2990; Con
go, 2700; Zambesi, 2300; Orange, 1152. <J
America (North)— Mississippi, 3716 miles,
with Missouri added, 4194; St. Lawrence.
2120; Mackenzie, 2120; Saskatchewan, 1918;
Rio Grande, 1S0O; Arkansas, 1514; Colum
bia, 1383; Ohio and Alleghany, 1265; Red
River, 1200.
America (South)— Amazon, 359C miles;
Rio Madeira, 2300; Parana, 2211; Rio de la
Plata, 1800; San Francisco, 1613; Rio Ne
gro, 1650; Orinoco, 1500.
Asia— Yenisei, 3G8S miles; Hoang Ho
2812; Lena, 27G6; Obi, 2674; Araoor, 2673; Eu
phrates. 2Q0G; Ganges, 1844; Indus, 1613.
Australia— Murray, 3000 miles.
' Europe— Volga, 2351 miles; Danube 199'-
Ural,\ 1099; Don, 108S; Dneiper, 1020; Rhine'
876.
MILDEW ON GRAPES— F. D. S., Mt
Bullion, Mariposa County, Cal. Mildew
on grapo- vines Is kept In check by dust-
Ing sulphur on them. Dry sulphur has
however, but little effect upon the downy
mildew. In France the remedy used la
the, Bordeaux mixture. In the United
States the remedy is the spraying of the
preparation of the ammoniacal carbonate
of copper. It is said that either Is a spe
cific for mildew If applied four, six or
eight; times, beginning just before the
blossoms open and continuing, ' if neces
sary, until a short time before the grapes
begin to color. The mixture used in the
United States is made up of the follow
ing: Carbonate of copper,^ dunces- am
monia (26 degrees, 3 pints of water) 45
gallons. The carbonate of coDDer*shonld
be wet before it ft dissolved snouia
WASHINGTON, June 2.— The following
Californians arrived here to-day: At the
Raleigh— W. C. Andrews of San, Jose, S.
J. Norton and D. C. ' Kurtz of Los An
geles and J: F. Hughes of San Francisco;
at the Wlllard— H. B. Ellis and J. W.
Richards of/Los Angeles, J. W. Benson
and H. W. Hardy of San Diego, C. Hersh
feld and wife, the Misses Hershfeld, Mrs.
A. S. House, H. Heynemann, the Misses
Heynemanh and Walter Heynemann of
San Francisco and W. S. Palmer of Oak
land. ..:
Californians in Washington.
THE LATE WAR-Philippines. City.
"Can you give me the title of the strong
est article published in The Call on the
Philippine question?" is a very broad one.
Before such could be answered it would
require a reading of each article publish
ed since the breaking out of the war in
1898, and that this department has not
ths time' to do. In "Documents and Mes
sages" published by the Government and
to be found in the libraries you will find
a great deal of information of an official
character relative to the war in the Phil
ippines. . ;•}
BUTTERCUP AND POPPY— Subscriber,
City. Some people call the eschscholtzia,
or California poppy, a buttercup, but that
is not correct, as that flower is entirely
distinct from the genus that is designated
as buttercup. Buttercup is the popular
but Indefinite name given to more than
one thousand species of the ranunculus.
The" California poppy belongs to the nat
ural order papaveraceae, in which are in
cluded 130 known species of the poppy.
HUSBAND'S SHARE— F. H., Freeport,
Cal. If a married woman dies in the
State of California, having separate prop
erty, the surviving husband is entitled to
the whole of that property provided there
are no children.children of children.father,
mothe>, brother or sister living. If any
such are living his share is regulated by
the law of succession.
PATENTED ARTICLE— R. L. C, Val
lejo, Cal. If a man makes an article for
his own use that has been patented he is
likely to be ... proceeded ' against for in
fringement of patent, unless he has ob
tained permission- from the , owner, of the
patent to manufacture such article.
From Los Angeles— S. J. Chappell, at
the Grand Union, and P. Laughlin, at the
Herald Square. ;
From. San Francisco — A. Bonner, L. W.
Harpham and wife, Mrs. B. Coulter and
I**. W. Pickering and wife, at the Manhat
tan; W. Bradford, M. W. Zuckerman and
I\ A. Houseworth, at- the Herald Square;
E. S. Gullixson. at the Cadillac; L. Klau
and Mrs. C. C. Morse, at the Hoffman;
J D. Moffitt and wife, N. F. Dethlefsen,
I. T. C. Dunckel and S. L°vy, at/the
Grand Union; S. C. Hildreth. at the Ven
dome; R. H. Hugg, at the Park Avenue:
Mrs. Y0. Jennings, at the Holland; M. S.
Price »and M. Summer, at the Imperial;
T. H. Stevenson,' at the Ashland; T. Sul
livan, at the Broadway Central, and A.
E. Wessley, at the Astor.
Calif ornians in New York.
NEW YORK. June 2.— The following
Calif ornians are in New York:
Frederick Warde, the well-known tra
gedian, has returned from Honolulu, and
is at the Palace, accompanied by his wife.
E. W. Worthing, an attorney of Stock
ton, is here on business, and has made his
headquarters at the Grand.
F. W. Hatch, a member of the State
Board ' of Insanity Commissioners, Is a
guest, at .the. Lick..
W. J. Nelson; a mining .maiv^ who re
sides at Los Angeles, Is a guest the
Grand. .' ¦ -''. ¦'.'... .
Robert R. Rosslee, a merchant of Scot
land, Is among the arrivals at. the Pal
ace. ¦ -
Thomas Flint Jr. of, San Juan Is at the
Palace.
J. K. Law, an attorney of Merced, is a
guest at the Lick.
C. A. Coffin of Reno is among the ar
rivals at the Grand.
SanV Tyack, a Sonora mining man, Is
spending a few days at the Lick.
J. C Kitzhenry; a shoe manufacturer
of Worcester, Mass?, is at the Lick. .
PERSONAL MENTIOiN.
If the error is the faufc: of a careless reporter, or a
trick of cable transmission, then we withdraw our
remarks; otherwise we stand for loyalty to the
King's English and in defense of that good old verb
of such respectable Anglo-Saxon pedigree that it to
this day expresses the Anglo-Saxon genius for fall
ing upon and seizing everything in sight.
Bacon and Shakespeare, and certainly Tennyson,
would have said, "Then I would better leave my seat
vacant at the banquet," and the King would have
gladly answered, "Yes, you would better leave it
vacant."
The verb transitive "to have" means possession;
in its primary sense to fall on, to rush upon and
seize. "Had" is its past participial form, meaning
"fallen on, rushed upon and seized." Now did his
Lordship mean to say, "I rushed upon, fell upon and
seized better leave vacant my seat at the banquet?"
Have, cr had, carmot be used as an auxiliary verb in
such a sentence, because they imply possession.
Perhaps the King, though angry with his Prime
Minister, desired to be royally polite by not calling
attention to this misuse of his own tongue, and
therefore replied in the same defective English.
Another respectable company of the children of
men are interested in the tiff because of their re
spect for the mother tongue. The King had spread
a banquet, not a tiffin, but a full meal, to which
Lord Salisbury was invited with an R. S. V. P. card.
When the tiff occurred between the Minister and
the monarch the Minister said, "Then I had better
leave my seat at the banquet vacant," and the mon
arch answered, "Yes, you had better leave it vacant."
Shakespeare said of an ancestor of the Prime Min
ister, "Now lift up thy brow, «renowned Salisbury!"
The current generation of readers of Shakespeare
may well cry out, "'Now lift up thy grammar," to his
descendant. The English verb has rights which
Ministers and monarchs must respect.
the promotion of favorites. It is a revelation of the
difference between the British sj r stem and* ours.
The Eresident of the United States has the nominat
iilg power, but cannot appoint without the consent of
the Senate. The Prime Minister, who is chairman
of a parliamentary committee called the Ministry,
has the nominating power, without which the King
cannot appoint. Positions are reversed. Our Presi
dent is in the shoes of the Prime Minister, and the
King lines up with our Senate. We respect him
highly. He is the head of a great and friendly
power, and it is not our fault if he is the analogue
of our peculiar and sometimes tempestuous Senate,
where members cufi each other's ears and fling de
fiance, like noise from a buzzsaw. All that change
comes of the revolution of 1688 and the progress in
parliamentary government since the days of Wal
pole.
PART of the world was interested in the report
that Edward VII and his Prime Minister,
Lord Salisbury, have had a tiff. The tiffing
between them was caused by the refusal of Salisbury
to present for the peerage a friend of the King
whom he desired to favor by that promotion. This
is information to many who have supposed that the
King was as independent as his predecessors, the
Stuarts, Tudors and Plantagenets, in the matter of
THE KING'S BNGLISa
CIVIL SERVICE— A. S., Placerville,
Cal. For information relative to civil
service examinations / apply in person* or
by letter to the parties In charge of the
department in which you would like to
take the examination? or communicate
with the Civil Service Commission, Wash
ington, D. C.
PRINCE OF WALES— E. P.. City. The
eldest son of the reigning- monarch of
Great Britain is the Prince of "Wales. Tha
Prince "at this time is George Frederick,
Duke of Cornwall and York and Duke of
Rothsay in Scotland , and the heir ap
parent. He was born January 3, 18S5. ,
FIELD DAT— E. R., City. It was tho
Oakland Hiph School team that won the
field day of the Academic Athletic League
on the Berkeley campus In the spring of
1901. The date was April 13.
THREE-CENT PIECES— C. H.. Vlsalia,
Cal. There Is a firm In New York that
offers from 25 to 50 cents Tor silver 3-cent
pieces, of 1SG5, according to state of preser
vation. -\>."'
PHILADELPHIA COIN-L. A. H..
City. A $5 piece coined in the United
States Mint at Philadelphia in 1840 does
not command a premium.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
TUESDAY. JUNE 3, 1902
~~ JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
' Address All Comsnuile&tiou to W. S. LEASE. Kanag:r.
TELEPHONE.
Ask for THE CALL. The Operator Will Connect
You With the Department You Wish.
PrJBLICATIOX OFFICE... Blarket and Third, S. P.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Delivered by Carrier*. 15 Cents Per Week.
Sluelr Copies*. S Cent*.
Term* by Moll. Including Posta&rei
PAIL.T CALX. (Including: Sunday), one year (3.00
DAILT CALX, (including; Sunday). 6 months 3.00
DAILT CALL. (Including Sunday). S months 1.50
DAILT CALL-— By Single Month 65c
FUXDAT CALL. One Tear 1.50
WEEKLY. CALL. One Year : 1.00
All postmasters are authorized to receive
subscriptions.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requeste-1.
Mail subscribers in ordering charge of address should be
particular to rive both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE 1118 Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGKESS,
Ktttger Tertign Adrertisirg, Mar^tette Building, CMngJ
<Loss Distance Telephone "Central 2619.")
NEW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CARLTOX Herald Square
NEW TORK REPRESENT ATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH h.O Tribune Building;
NEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria, Hotel; A. Brentano, SI Union Square;
Murray Hill Hotel. .
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS: .
Sherman House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
WASHIXGTO5T (D. C.) OFFICE. . . .1400 G St., S. W.
JIOUTO.V E. CRANE. Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES 527 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until 8:30 o'clock. 800 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. «533
McAllister, open ur.t!l 9:30 o'clock. C15 Larkin, open until
9:30 o'clock. 1941 illusion, open until 10 o'clock. 2261
Market, corner Sixteenth, open until .9 o'clock. 1096 Va
lencia, open until 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9
o'clock. NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open
until 9 o'clock. 2200 Fillmore, open until 9 p. m.
While each side will of course assert a sanguine ex
pectation of a sweeping victory, it is clear the con
test is going to be a closeone. It is to be a battle
over new issues, and no' one can foresee how the
people will divide upon them. Republicans can af
ford to take no risks, and here in California every
thing should be done to return a solid Republican
delegation. , • ' *
The gerrymandering of districts is not expected to
cut much figure in the contest. One of the most
careful calculators of the outlook says: "It is a no
table fact that not since the war had, so many North
ern Legislatures been in Democratic hands as^vvhen
the apportionments were made under the census of
1890, and yet in no decade since the war have the Re
publicans carried such a series of Congresses as in
the present one. This looks as if gerrymanders re
acted on their makers, and, while this is not exactly
true, it may be recalled that issues often come on so
t;nexpectedly as to upset all calculations and to ren
der of no effect platw^of this sort. The Republicans
are now in, control of nearly every Northern Legis
lature and have in most instances cut up the States
to suit themselves. It remains to be seen w*hat the
Democrats can do in these new lines of battle." .
To offset those gains, however, the Republicans
expect to win seats now occupied by Democrats in
Illinois, Ohio and New^York.. Their chances of
makinf, such gains are fully as good, to say the least
of the:n, as are the Democratic chances of winning
in Pennsylvania or Indiana. . .
Hardly any gain can be expected in New England.
New York promises little. In fact, some of the seats
now held by Democrats in that State may be lost to
Democracy. On r the other hand, Pennsylvania poli
tics is in such a shape that there is a showing for one
or two Democratic gains in that State, and it is be
lieved that one or more may be gained in Indiana.
At the present time .Republicans^ have two mem
bers from Missouri, two from North Carolina, two
from Tennessee, three from Kentucky a"nd six from
Marylandr It is not believed they can hold all of
those seats ..in the. next Hc^ise,.,, Probably .qftih^fif I
teen the Democrats may capture as many as ten.
There would remain sixteen additional members to
be gained. Where will 'they come from?
majority.. At the' present time .the Democrats have
168 members, of whom 118 are from the Southern
States and 50 from the North and West. To get
control of the next House they must gain 26 mem
bers. The question, as to where the needed seats are
to be gained is that which is .now occupying the at
tention of campaign committees of both parties.
Setting aside these assertions of the different par
ties as equally unreliable, some experts have begun
close figuring on the prospects of "the -campaign.
There will be. 386 Representatives, elected, and of
course 194 members will be required to have a bare
While admitting that the Democrats have a good
fighting chance by reason of the usual ebb and flow
in the strength of parties, Republican leaders main
tain that the party will "continue its control of the
House, Their argument is that there is nothing in
the present situation to render the supporters of the
party in 1900 discontented either with the Govern
ment or with Congress, and consequently there will
be no such gain to the Democratic ranks as , san
guine Democrats expect; ..
WASHINGTON politicians have begun giv
ing out estimates of the probable results of
the Congressional elections. It is conceded
by all that the Democrats will have a good chance to
win by reason of the tendency of the administration
party to break away at elections in off years. Since
Grant's second inauguration the House elected at
the middle of a Presidential term has been opposed
to the administration in every case except in the
first terms of Cleveland and McKinley. Basing their
hopes upon an expectation of a repetition of the
course of politics In the past, the Democratic lead
ers assert that as their party is now free from the
blight of Byyanism it will gain accessions from all
who are discontented with the administration and
control the next House by a good majority.
THE NEXT CONGRESS.
" A report from Portugal is to the effect that a rich
woman bequeathed her ] entire fortune, which was
large, to be held in trust for a pet rooster. Her rel
atives killed the rooster, ate him and are now apply
ing, for the estate as next of kin. The courts are
having trouble to know how to act, but it is safe to
say the .lawyers are not fretting. — _^ '
Colonel William H. Forwood, who has
for several months acted as assistant to
the surgeon general, will probably be ad
vanced, but even in the event of his ap
pointment Colonel Forwood will serve as
the head of the medical department of the
army only for a short time, inasmuch as
he will reach the age limit of 64 years on
September 4 next. . He is now ranking of
ficer in the department next to General
Sternberg. Colonel Forwood Is a native
of Delaware. He graduated from the Uni
versity of Pennsylvania and Georgetown
University. He entered the army at the
outbreak of the Civil War as an assistant
surgeon and served throughout the con
flict. In 1S65 he was brevetted a captain
and major for faithful and meritorious
services during the war. He reached his
present rank in 1837.
The refusal of the House to retire Gen
eral Sternberg with an advancement to
the rank of major general, with an in
crease of $1500 per year in pay was due
almost entirely to Representative Can
non's sudden fit of economy. He is watch
ing every Item of expenditure In the
House these days, and nothing escapes
his eagle eye. If anything goes through
it is in spite of his strenous objection. In
the regular order of retirement General
Sternberg will recelv $3700 annually. Can
non thought this sufficient 1 , and that set
tled it.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON, June 2.— Surgeon
General Sternberg of the army was de
nied the privilege of retirement with the
rank of major general by the decisive ac
tion of the House to-day. Chairman Hulf
of tho Military Committee asked for the
consideration of the bill under the suspen
sion of the rules. A two-thirds vote was
required for this action, which failed on
roll call by 68 ayes to 103 noes, with ten
present and not voting. This action by
the House wHl make it necessary for the
bill to lie over until it comes up under
the regular call of the committees. By
that time General Sternberg will have his
retirement, as his time under the age
limit expires June 8.
Special orders were adopted for the
consideration of the anti-anarchy bill an.l
those to transfer -certain forest reserves
to the Agricultural Department. The Sen
ate bill -to retire Surgeon General Stern
berg 1 and the House bill to encourage sal
mon culture in Alaska were defeated on
motion to pass them on suspension of tha
rules. ¦• •• •.
Grosvcnor of Ohio, who was in charge of
the resolution, argued that Mr.tfHay, in
eulogizing the martyred President, could
not divorce the man from his achieve
ments and his record as a manly partisan.
Only forty-six Democrats voted against
the resolution.
I say that the man selected to deliver the
address in commemoration of him and to ut
ter the sentiments all the people of this
country entertained for him, and proudly enter
tained, would not have dared to undertake to
deliver a political address when he was speak
ing of a man of such high character, such no
ble nature, such pure life as our assassinated
President. (Applause.) .
I had the honor to be appointed on the
Joint, memorial committee to present suitable
resolutions in honor of our deceased President,
Mr. McKinley, and to select an appropriate
speaker to deliver the eulogy on that occasion.
I accepted the position and united In the se
'ectlon of the present Secretary of State to
deliver the eulogy. I listened with great care
and attention to the address delivered by Mr.
Hay. I think I am as keenly alive to every
thing that affects the interests and the honor
and the welfare of the Democratic party as my
friend from Missouri, but from whom I en
tirely dissent on this occasion. I listened to
that address with great care, with great cau
tion and even with a disposition to criticize if
anything wrong had been said. Put I failed
to detect in the whole of that address anything
that I thought was improper to be said or any
thing said in a party spirit. And I feel sure
that If the man selected for the great duty of
speaking on that occasion the sentiments of
the American people had dared to inject into
his address anything that was an appeal to
party spirit and party sentiment, the shade of
our great President, breaking the cerements
of the tomb, would have appeared before him
and at once challenged his utterances. Any
man who would have made here on such an
occasion a speech political In its character
would in doing so have dishonored the memory
of McKinley' s great absence of partisan feel
ing and partisan ideas.
Hooker spoke as follows
WASHINGTON, June 2.— The House to
day by a vote of 129 to 46 suspended the
rules and adopted the joint resolution ex
tending the thanks of Congress to Secre
tary of State John Hay for his address
on the occasion of the McKlnley memorial
exercises last February. Unanimous con
sent for the consideration of this resolu
tion was objected to by De Armond of
Missouri some time ago, and to-day Clark
of Missouri made'a twenty-minute speech
in opposition to its adoption on the
ground that Hay abused the occasion by
injecting a "Republican stump speech" in
to the^address. General Hooker of Mis
sissippi, a one-armed Confederate veteran,
delivered an eloquent defense of Hay's
address, denying that it contained any
thing that- was objectionable from a
political standpoint.
such necessity or emergency." It is fur
ther provided that the ordinance increas
ing the tax rate, must be passed by a
unanimous vote of the Supervisors and
approved by the Mayor. I repeat that it
has been the almost universal opinion and
understanding of taxpayers that the
Supervisors could not and would not ex
ceed tbe dollar limit rate of taxation ex
cept in a case of emergency.
HOT AN EMERGENCY CASE.
Emergency, according to Webster, is "a
condition of things appearing suddenly or
unexpectedly; an unforeseen occurrence;
a sudden occasion." Are the Supervisors
meeting any such emergency with this
proposed increase in taxes? I fail to sea
it. On the contrary, they are only creat
ing one for the coming year. The amount
they contemplate raising thl3 year will
create an unfinished hospital and a num
ber of uncompleted school buildings. And
then we will have a genuine emergency
to meet and more taxes to pay.
There v l3 one consoling thought which
will -probably bring some relief to prop
erty owners, which is that the taxes paid
under the 15-cent additional levy will be
returned to them through the courts. I
air convinced of this fact because I am
not a lawyer, and hence it is difficult to
persuade me that the freeholders who
framed the charter meant to build school
houses and other public buildings by di
rect taxation in excess of the dollar
limit or «se why did they say (article
XVI, section 29): "When the Supervisors
shall detefmin©, that the public interest
requires the construction or acquisition
of any' permanent municipal buuaing or
improvement the cost of which In addi
tion • to the other expenses of the city
and county "will exceed the income and
revenue for any one year they must by
ordinance passed by the affirmative vote
of not less than fourteen members of the
board submit a proposition to incur a
bonded indebtedness for such purpose to
the electors of the city and county at a
special election to be held for that pur
pose only," etc.
SHOTJIiD BE A BOND ISSUE.
If this is not a direct requirement to
construct schools and a hospital only by
issuing bonds unless they can be built
within the dollar limit I would like to
know what it means.
The papers have been full of "public
sentiment" articles lately, and "universal
demand" editorials for school buildings
and a new hospital, and I think the Su
pervisors are being misled by them.
There are thousands of taxpayers in this
city who would voice their protests
against this increase of taxes . if they
thought it would avail them anything by
doing so. They don't, because it is trou
blesome and to many it is embarrassing
to make complaints in public. The pres
ent administration has the confidence of
the people, and I have no desire or in
tention of harshly criticizing the Super
visors. I think they are trying to earn
and merit the approval of their constitu
ents and to deal justly with taxpayers.
But I am satisfied they will regret this
"emergency tax" if they pass the or
dinance. There might be some justifica
tion for placing an elastic construction
upon the tax provisions in the charter
if the revenue of San Francisco could not
be increased sufficiently to provide means
for conducting the city government and
also construct the hospitals and schools.
But, ss it can, there is no excuse for levy
ing any additional tax above the $1 rate.
The method is simple, and is the same
employed by other cities, namely, to sup
port their public departments from the
receipts of saloon • licenses instead of
throwing the whole burden on the tax
payers, which is practically what is done
here. The city of Buffalo collects *600,
000 more every year from this source than
we do. The license there is $500 per an
num. Here, in a city of about the same
population, it is only JS4.
CITY'S LOW LIQUOR LICENSE.
San Francisco-haa the lowest liquor^ li
cense of any city in the Lnlted States.
As a result, there are twice as many sa
loons as there would be with a W» li
cense. Considering the fact that nearly
55 per cent of the arrests during the year
are for drunks, the saloons should con
tribute toward the support of the Police
Department the same proportion which
other orojrressive cities demand and col
fect l/?S "ere done fully SOO.000 could
be spared for schools and other improve
ments, and within a few years the "emer
eencv" which the Supervisors are now
trvin- to meet would cease to exist, while
the rate of taxation would be left whera
m now is and should remain— » on the
$100 A - S ' BALDWIN.
San Francisco, June 1.
CaL glac fruit 50c per 1b at Townsend'i.*
Prunes stuffed with apricots. Townsend's.*
Townsend's California glace fruit. 50c a
nound. In fire-etched boxes or Jap. bask
ets A nice present for Eastern friends.
833 "Market St.. Palace Hotel building. •
¦ m ¦ ¦
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by th*
tress Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 230 Call
icrnia street. Telephone Main 1043. *
¦ ? »
Did You Ever Stop to Think
What a pleasure it is to look at pretty
photographs? Get a camera and take tho
photos yourself. We have cameras from
SOc up. Sanborn. Vail & Co., 741 Market. •
A Pottstown, Pa., man who was ab
sent-minded tried to enter a house where
he formerly had lived and was shot by the
new tenant, who. mistook him for a bur
glar-
Editor The Call: From present appear
ances tho Board of Supervisors will on
Monday unanimously vote an additional
levy of IVt cents to provide, a fund with
which to commence. the construction of a
new City "and County Hospital and a lika
amount to commence the building of new
schoolhouses. :.". V;;-- ¦* ..
There are not many who. Question tna
desirability of better schoolhouses and
mere of them, and the majority of citi
zens accept as correct the oft-repeated
statement that the City and. County Hos
pital Is a disgrace to the city. Like most
of those who know nothing about the hos
pital I am In favor of building a new one
and I am quite sure that the present
schools are inadequate and doubtless
some of them are unsafe. And so I ad
mit there is at least some ground upon
•which the Supervisors have based the
proposed ordinance and under which tney
intend to Increase taxes 15 per cent.
Is the ground sufficient and are they
complying with the charter? I don't
think so. Article 3, chapter 1. section 11,
requires the Supervisors to fix the tas
levy on or before the last Monday in
June, the rate exclusive of sinking fund
ar.d interest and the cost of maintaining
parks and squares "shall not exceed the
rate of one dollar on each one hundred
dollars valuation of the property as
sessed." Here is a direct prohibition
against any rate of taxation In excess of
the dollar limit. It was the safeguard
which the charter surrounded taxpayers
with, and the protection offered them tra
der the new organic law. Only upon ex
traordinary or unusual occasions was this
limitation to be disregarded. Section 13
of the same chapter quoted above says:
"The limitation in section 11 of thla
chapter upon the rate of taxation shall
not apply in case of any great necessity
or emergency. In such cases the limita
tion may be temporarily suspended so as
to enable the Supervisors to provide for
(The Call does not hold Itself responsible for
the opinions published in this column., but pre
sents them for whatever value they may nave
as communications of general Interest.)
. The Prison Directors have an opportunity to
prove that they are free from other responsibility
than careless discharge of their duty, and the State
will not deal with them harshly for frank admission
of that fact. But what are they going to do, and
when and how?
We are not to be accused of insisting that the
Warden shall be niggardly in entertaining the Gov
ernor of the State, or the Prison Directors. The
people do not want that. But the people do not
expect that the means of such entertainment shall
be falsified by forged bills and be charged off as
prison clothing or jutemill supplies. The people
would not wince at open and true bills for luxuries
used in such entertainment, in the line of victuals
and drink, for the people are hearty and do not de
mand asceticism in their officers. But they want
honesty and frankness. The people, again, do not
criticize their officers for refinement of surroundings.
They are entirely willing that the Governor should
sleep on a bedstead de luxe and that Prison Direct
ors shall feed from a fine table, Uut they don't want
them to be illegally manufactured by prison labor,
of material charged and paid for by the State, as jute
mill supplies or cement sidewalk.
The Call has done its duty. It has secured the
testimony and has put its most important parts out
of the reach of concealment or destruction. It is
not our fault if this evidence hit the Warden, the
Governor or the Prison Directors. It is their fault
if they have taken the risk and incurred the liability.
That evidence shows that when the administration of
Warden Aguirre was in the green stick it began to
violate the law concerning prison industries, and in
the dry it has become responsible for false vouchers
and sophisticated bills.
times. That refusal is an "act-" of insubordination
which should have been promptly dealt with. \ It
should have been reported to the Governor, and he,
the executive of the State, -charged with the faith
ful enforcement of the law, should have at once com
pelled obedience to that order and have rebuked or
punished its refusal. The best guaranty of fidelity
in the discharge of official duty is publicity and unre
stricted access to the public records. In its parti
san aspect there is a division of responsibility. That
is one of the dangers in all bi-partisan control of
public affairs. It was the favorite method of Tweed,
when he led Tammany, and succeeded always in get
ting Republican partnership in his schemes of
spoliation. Experience has proved that bi-partisan
partnership always needs watching. The people of
California are doing the watching. What are the
watched doing? •
The president of the directory has not resented the
refusal of the prison authorities to respect his offi
cial order for an exhibition of the prison books,
which are public records, open to inspection at all
As far as the offenses at San Quentin are concerned
they are in such variety, so complex, and involve so
many, and yet are so interwoven, that they constitute
a whole and complete structure of violation of law.
The people are as well able to judge of the force of
the testimony, as are the Directors. Therefore the
difficulties which beset those officers are many.
What are they going to do about it? They cannot
remain idle and indifferent. That will be official sui
cide, and suicide is confession. Their delay creates
a widespread suspicion that time is being given to en
able the guilty to sophisticate a case. , . .
These occurrences have passed under the noses of
the Prison Directors. What are they going to do
about it? They may plead limitation of their in
quisitorial powers. They may take shelter under
their lack of judicial function to issue writs and com
pel attendance of witnesses. They may appreciate
how closely these acts graze their official personal
ity and flinch from the scars that they would bear
if the truth were demonstrated. They may be among
the beneficiaries of these unlawful proceedings and
therefore be not only legally disqualified from acting
as investigators of themselves, but they may feel
that, no matter how liberal their use of whitewash,
the effect on public opinion will not be exculpatory.
At San Quentin the indisputable evidence is dis
closed that convicts run the business of the prison,
and that, being under the absolute personal control of
the Warden, other convicts have by him been ordered
to engage in pursuits, which are unlawful, using raw
material therein which. is the property of the State,
and that the Warden and his friends and relatives,
official and otherwise, are the beneficiaries of this
unlawful manufacture. This would be illegal even
if the State were reimbursed for the material used.
Whatever opinion one may have of the economics
involved in the statute which forbids all industries in
that prison except the manufacture of jute web and
sacks, it is the law of California, which all- con
cerned must obey. Therefore the surreptitious
manufacture of furniture and harness by 'prison labo£»
is unlawful, and, being done by the order and with
the knowledge of the Warden, is in violation of his
official oath and obligation. If the State is not
compensated for the use of its property, the act con
stitutes embezzlement of the property of the State.
If that property is billed as something else than what
it really is, and is paid for by the State, the crim
inality is increased by. the presentation of a false
and forged voucher, which is also a criminal offense
denounced as a felony. . ¦ . .
rpHE affair San Qucntin, in the expressive lan
1 guage of the street, is up to the Prison Direct
¦V ors. A majority of them are , Democrats. The
intention' to make the prison administration non
partisan has been carried out, as far as surface indi
cations go. The Warden of San Quentin is a Repub
lican, and the Warden of Folsom is a Democrat.
Both are under fire,. The Folsom officer is accused
of subordinating the guards and the public employes
and officers of the prison to the domination of fa
vored convicts, whose advice is taken in matters of
prison policy.
THE PRISON DIRECTORS.
STERNBERG NOT
TO RETIRE AS
MAJOR GENERAL
HOOKER SPEAKS
IN DEFENSE OF
HAY'S ADDRESS
The issue is an old one arid is well understood.
We refer to it only to remind the public that there
is to be this year a complete new registration. For
mer registers do not count. The best time to attend
to the duty is now. There can hardly be any more
important business confronting the citizen-this week
than that of getting his name on the register, so that
he will be sure of his right to vote when the time
comes. • ...-'¦.
boss rule. As a matter of fact- their opposition
amounts to little. On election, day, it is the .votes, and
not : the talk that counts, and citizens however good
who have not registered cannot vote. The bosses
never fail to get their, men registered. Their votes
can be counted on. It is for that, reason they
are powerful. If only public, spirit and patriotism
could induce men to attend to their political duties
as promptly and as efficiently as the boss can' induce
his 'following 'to register and vote there. would be no
such thing as boss rule in the United States.
QUESTIONS THE
RIGHT TO ADD
TO DOLLAR RATE
THE SAN FRANCISCO .CALL, .TUESDAY* . JUNE 3, 1902.
6
Call subscribers contemplating a. change of
residence during 1 the summer months can have
their paper forwarded by mall to their new
addresses by notifying The Call Business Office.
This paper frill also be on sale at all summer
resorts and is represented by a local agent in
ell toivns on the coast.
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAVING TOWN FOR THE SUMMER.chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal..
June 2, 1802.
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building . was : dropped exactly at noon to-day,
1. e.. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 3
p. m., Greenwich time.
W. H. STANDLEY.
Lieutenant, U. S. N.. in charge. .
Shipping 1 Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Monday, June 2.
Stmr Samoa, Madaen, 4 daya from Sun
Pedro.
Stmr Greenwood. Fagerland. .15 hours from
Greenwood; up river direct.
Stmr Prentlss, Ahlstrom, 24 hours from Eu
reka. •
Stmr Sierra, Houdlette, 20 days 10 hours and
15 minutes from Sydney, via Honolulu 5 days
9 hours and 3 minutes. • • - ¦
Stmr State of California, Thomas, 43 hours
from San Diego.
Stmr American, Morrison, 59 daya 23 hours
and 12 minutes from New York, via Coronel
21 days.
Stmr Pleiades, Purrington, 3% daya from
Seattle.
Barge Santa Paula, McGovern, 65 hours
from Ventura. .
QUEENSTOWN — Arrived May 3X — Fr bark
Hoche, hence February 1.
Arrived June 2 — Br bark Fernbank, hencs
December 27; Br baris Strathdon, hence Janu
ary 17.
BEACHT HEAD— Passed May 31— Nor itmr
Guernsey, from Tacoma, for United Kingdom.
Passed June 2 — Nor stmr Mathilda, from Ta
coma, for United Kingdom. •
MANILA— Sailed May 21— U S stmr Kll
patrick.. for San Francisco.
Arrived May 20 — U S stmr Crook, hence
April 21.
SHANGHAI— In port May 20— Ship Wm P
Frye. for San Francisco.
DUNGENESS — Passed June 1 — Br stmr
Java, from Tacoma. for United Kingdom.
HONGKONG— Sailed May 31— Stmr Ta
coma, for Tacoma.
FALMOUTH— Arrived June 1— Br ship Latl
mer, from Oregon; Br ship Euphrates, from
Tacoma: Fr bark Lamorlciere. from Oregon;
Fr bark Le ' Rochefoncauld, from Oregon.
BRISTOL — Arrived in roads June 2 — Br ship
GlaueuR, hence January 22.
NEWCASTLE. Aus— Sailed April 17— Br
ship Auldslrth, Br ship Eulomene, for San
Francisco. April 20 — Ship J B Brown, Br ship
Hougomont. Br ship Port Crawford, for Saa
Francisco. April 2C — Br bark Melanooe. Br
ship Cape Colony, for San Francisco. May 1 —
Nor bark Barossa, for Honolulu. May 2 — Ship
Movements of Steamers.
TO arrive.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Times and' Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
trfrcnty-flve minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
TUESDAY, JUNE 3.
The army transport Buford sailed yesterday
for Manila with twenty-five hospital corps
men, forty-two recruits and- casuals, two sig
nal corns men and about sixty cabin passen
gers. The Buford arrived here May 23 and
has been thoroughly overhauled and cleaned
during her stay In port. Ten minutes after
her release from quarantine upon the day of
her arrival she was boarded by Major Devol,
who with the marine superintendent and sup
ervising- engineer Inspected every part of the
transport, and before- he left her knew just
exactly what work had to be done before
saillnr day. It was all done and she left
the dock yesterday promptly at noon.
Buford Sails for Manila.
Honolulu — G. A. Wheeler Jr. and wife. W.
C- Glibhard and wife. Dr. C. B. Wood and
daughter. Miss Butterfleld, Miss Owens, Roy
Owens. Misses Lufkin. Miss Smith. Mrs. K.
Paris, C. C. Elklr.s, Miss E. Quint. H. Cole
man. H. O'Connor, R. Watson. Miss Watts,
Miss Lewis, H. A. Wheeler, W. W. Randall,
Mrs. Huntlncton, B. L. Stephenson, Miss R.
Gallagher, T. E. Wall, Frederick Warde, Miss
May Warde. Miss V. D. Trescott. Miss A.
Bertelle. Miss A. Ashton. D. Traitel, John
Morrissey, C. D. Herman. F. McGinn. H. C.
Barton. K. McLeod. F. L. Bradley, M. Dono
hoe and wife, C. Buhne. Mrs. E. P. Dole, Miss
Barraclouffh, Mrs. D. R. Sessions and
daughter. Mrs. Nott. Mrs. P. Lewis, Mrs. F.
Ward and child. Miss Ward, Julius Krutt
schnltt Jr., C. W. White and son, A. J. Lyoi*
and wife. H. A. Cole and wife, R. Brown,
N. S. Sachs and wife, G. M. Boyd, Dr. 'Bur
gees, B. Johnston. J. E. Hlnes, J. T. Harris,
F. Walsh, H. H. White and wife, B. F.
Dllling-ham. Mrs. DtllinBham. Miss K. Harris,
Mrs. Pherdner and child, E. J. Harris. Mrs.
F. C. Handy, Georse Patterson, Mrs. Spring,
E. G. Carew, Mrs. E. Noyes. N. Kay, M.
S. Curran. A. L,. Holgate, Mrs. Holffate, W.
H. Field, Mrs. Field, H. A. Dodge, Mrs. T.
Cahalary, H. D. Bancroft, Mrs. Bancroft and
three children. J. AV. White, Mrs. White and
Mrs. K. C. Whitney.
Pago Paso— W. Blacklock. B. C. McB.-ide,
F. E. Morris, Mrs. E. Wulf, Miss H. Wulf,
W. C. Hamburger. K. Session*. Miss Ida F.
Thorn, Mi«3 G. Bremen, Miss M. Bremen and
W. S." Rutherford.
From Australia— Mr. and Mrs. M. Alexander.
Mrs. Beddard and mtant, H. H. Bridge, Mr.
Bradstreet, Humphrey Berkeley, W. J. Becker.
Captain and Mrs. Philip Charley, Miss Charley,
Mrs. C. Davis and family, J. M. Fuller, Deaue
French, W. Firman, Mr. and Mrs. A. J. Green.
Very Rev. J. Hegarty, Mr. Hepburn, C. Klrcn
en. Captain W." J. Lambert, W. E. Macmillan,
Miss B. Mellor, Mr. and Mrs. Montgomery,
Mr. and Mrs. MacAllster. E. Peter6«n, P. J.
Perry, George Keichardt, Mr. and Mrs. J. A.
Riddoch, James M. Steel, Mr. and Mrs. W.
Sommersy Dr. Sussmann, Mr. Stanford, Dr. and
Mrs. Todd, Mr. and Mrs. L. C. Trent, Miss
Trent, Miss L. Trent. Miss H. Trent, Miss b\
Trent, Miss E. Trent. W. Trent. 1^. C. Trent
Jr.. G. Trent. Miss J. H. Vindln, John Watson,
Miss Watson, Mrs. Willis and maid. Miss Susie
Anderson, F. Andrews, Miss Berryman, G.
Bennett, Mr. and Mrs. A. Benois, B. F. Blay
lock, Mr. and Mrs. Ross Ryan and child, J.
Copland. George G. Cassldy, Howard Chambers.
Roger Dawson, J. A. Fitzsimmons, L. A. Gould,
J. Goldsworthy, A. Holllngsworth, John Harris,
Mrs. E. Hazelton, Mr. and Mrs. J» Johns, Mr.
end Mrs. Kaler and two children, W. Kfely,
•T. B. Kaufman, Mr. Lysnar, Miss Lysnar, Miss
Leichtrrian. Mrs. Sarah F. Manning- Mr. and
Mrs. F. Metzler and family. Miss Nellie Noon.
J. B. Orton. Mr. and Mrs. F. S. Pollock and
child, Ed H. Roberts, Miss L,. Stacey, Mr. and
Mrs. Stinnear and child, A. H. Smith, D. W.
Smout. C. J. Shackett, H. Schantz. Mrs.
Wilder, Mrs. A. Williams and child, C. dim
mer.
About 15u passengers joined the Sierra
at Honolulu, and among those that came
lrom Australia are many going to Eng
land to attend the coronation. The Aus
tralian passengers report the outlook in
the colonies as being: very blue on ac
count ot the continued drought.
The Sierra encountered very rough
weather between Sydney and Auckland.
Her time from Sydney was twenty days
ten hours and tuteen minutes. The pas
sengers were:
go. The Sierra's passage from
Honolulu was made In five days nine
hours, which is the record passage for
steamships coming this way. The record
from here to Honolulu is ttve days three
hours, and was made under very favor
able conditions by one of the Toyo Kisen
Kaisha boats.
/
THE Oceanic Steamship Company's
mail liner Sierra arrived yester
day from the antipodes with
many passengers and a large car-
STEAMSHIP SIERRA FROM ANTIPODES
MAKES RECORD FROM HONOLULU
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
tha early mornlnir tides are given In th» left
hand column and the successive tides of tha
day In the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day. except when there are but thres tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are In
addition to tbe soundings of the United States
Const Survey charts, except when a minus ( — )
Eign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference la tbe mean
of the lover low waters.
Sun rises 4:48
Sun sets 7*27
Moon rises 2':33~ *a. "m.
TO SAIL.
Hawaiian Isles, for Honolulu: Br shlD Dlms
dale, for Oreeon; Ital ship kiura, Dutch ship
Europa, for San Francisco.^ May 8 — Br shlD
Lord Cairns. Fr bark Commandant Marchant.
for San Francisco.
In cort May 13 — Nor bark Antares, for Mex
ico; <$r shlD Brarabletye, Br ship Euphrosyne,
for Oregon: Br ship Carmanlan, Br ship Earl
of Dunmore, Br ship General Gordon, Br ship
Lodore, Br ship ' Wetherby, Br ship Osborne,
Russ phlo Inm Alexander II, Ital ship Pelle
grlna. Nor bark Viking, for San Francisco;
ship Columbia, schr E B Johnson, achr Hono
lulu, bktn Jane L Stanford, schr Prosper, bktn
Robert Sndden. for Honolulu; Br shio Com
llebank, for Panama: ship St David, for Ma
nila. -
SYDNEY— In port May 13— Br ship Aber
foyle, for San Dleso, via Newcastle, Aus; Br
bark Clydesdale. Br bark Port Carlisle. Br
ship Port Crawford, for San Francisco, via
Newcastle, Aus.
Sailed April 25 — Br bark Queen of Scots, for
Puret Sound.
Arrived June 1 — Schr Golden Shore, from
Tacoma.
MELBOURNE— Sailed May, 5— Schr Alpena.
for Port Townsend.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
BOSTON — Arrived June 2 — Stmr Ultonla,
from Liverpool.
LIVERPOOL — Arrived June 1 — Stmr Cymric,
from New York.
BREMEN — Arrived June 2 — Stmr Frlederlch
der Grosse. from New York, via Southampton.
GIBRALTAR — Arrived June 2 — Stmr Aller,
from New York, for Naples and Genoa.
GLASGOW — Arrived June 2 — Stmr Cartha
grena, from New Yoik; stmr Sardinian, from
Montreal. ' -
LONDON— Arrived June 2— Stmr Minne
apolis, from New York.
PLYMOUTH— Sailed June 2— Stmr Patricia,
from Hamburg:, for New York.
HONGKONG— Satled June 2— Stmr Tacoma,
for Tacoma.'
FROM SEATTLE.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. S. N., Mer-
NAGASAKI— Sailed May 22— U S stor
Warren, for San Francisco. . .
SINGAPORE— Sailed May 16 — Br Btmr Ve
rona, for Manila. ¦
Arrived June 2 — Br ¦ stmr Heathburn, from
New Y«rk. tor Manila. —
FOREIGN PORTS.
ISLAND PORTS.
HILO — Arrived May 20— Bark Annie John
son, hence April 29. May 21— Bark R P
Rlthet, hence April 27.
Sailed May 24 — Stmr Enterprise, for San
Francisco.- • .
• KAHULII — Sailed May 22 — Stmr Callfor
nlan, for New York, via HIlo. May 23 — Stmr
Eureka, for Seattle.
MAHUKONA— Arrived May 21— Schr H C
Wrleht, hence April 10.
KIHEI — Sailed May 17 — Br Bhlp Kinross,
for Oyster Harbor.
• KAANAPALI — Sailed May 20 — Bark C D
Bryant, for San Francisco.
HONOLULU — Arrived May 25 — Bktn Jrm
gard, hence May 11. May 25 — Schr Columbia,
from Ballard; schr A B Johnson, from Grays
Harbor: bark Ceylon, from Laysan Islands;
bktn Archer, hence May 15.
* Sailed May 24 — Stmr Pero, for Yokohama.
May 25 — Bark KalulanI, for San Francisco;
schr Robert Lewis, for Puget Sound. May
20 — U S stmr Manila, : for Puget Sound.
To sail May 29 — Ship Acme, for NeWiYork;
bark Mauna Ala. for San Francisco. May 30
— Bark Andrew Welch, bktn S G Wilder and
schr Rosamond, for San Francisco. May 31 —
Schr W H Marston. for San Francisco.
TACOMA — Arrived June 2 — Br stmr Claver
ing, from Victoria: Br ship Hollywood, from
Vancouver; stmr Al Kl, from. Alaska; stmr
Aberdeen, from San Francisco.
Sailed June 2— Br shii) Levernbank, for
Queenstcwn.
SEATTLE — Sailed June 1 — Stmr . Garonne
and Senator, tor Nome.
Arrived June 1 — Stmrs Al Kl and Humboldt,
from Alaska;, stmr Lucero, hence May 27. '
Arrived June 2— Schr Volante, hence May 14.
PORT ANGELES— Arrived June 2— Ship
Jabez Howes, hence May 17.
TILLAMOOK — Arrived May 31 — Stmr
Homer, hence May 28. t
NEW WHATCOM— Arrived June 2— Stmr
Chas Nelson, hence May 27.
PORT GAMBLE — Arrived Jun© 2 — Schr
Queen, hence May 21.
PORT. BLAKELEY— Arrived June 2— Schr
Jaa A Garfleld, from Hueneme; schr Bain
bridge, hence May 21. •
NEAH BAY — Passed out June 2— Stmr Sen
ator, for Nome.
Passed in June 2— Schr F S Redfleld. from
San Pedro: stmr Queen, hence May 31, for
Victoria, etc.-
PORT HADLOCK — Sailed June 2— Stmr
South Portland, • for San • Francisco. .-
ASTORIA — Sailed June 2— «tmr G«orjre TV
Elder, for San Francisco. . \
Arrived June 2 — Stmr Washtenaw, hence
May 30.
SAN PEDRO^ — Arrived June 2 — Stmr Pasa
dena, from Eureka.
Sailed June 2 — Schr Oceana Vance, for Port
Hadlock; schr Annie Larsen. for Tacoma.
PORT LOS ANGELES — Arrived Juno 2 —
Stmr Ruth, from Eureka. >
PORT TOWNSEND— Passed in June 2—
Schr Balnbridze, hence May 20; schr Queen,
hence May 21; bark Haydon Brown, from
Honolulu. ...
Passed out June 2 — Stmr South Portland,
from Port Hadlock, for San Francisco.
COOS BAY — Arrived June 1 — Stmr Arcata,
hence May 30.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
POINT LOBOS, June 2, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind NW, velocity 24 miles per hour.
TELEGRAPHIC.^
Per stmr American — Ai>ril 25. lot 22 05 N.
Ion 40 31 W — Signaled stmr showing at night
seven red balls.
April 27. lat 27 52 S, Ion 40 20 W— Br stmr
King David, from Buenos Ayres, for .
May 7, Straits of Magellan — Br ship
Comerlc, bound east.
SPOKEN.
Monday, June 2.
Stmr Columbia, Doran, for Astoria.
Stmr Buford, Crosky, for Manila.
Stmr Fulton, Lee, for Union Landing.
Stmr National City, Johnson, for Fort
Brngi.
Stmr Alcazar, Martin, for Greenwood.
Nor Btmr Tltania. Egenes, for Nanaimo.
Schr Ivy, Samuelssn, for Coos Bay.
CLKARED.
Monday, June 2.
Stmr Bonita, Nonander, for San Pedro;
Gocdall, Perkins & Co. -
Nor stmr Titanla, Eeenes, for Nanaimo;
John. Rosen f eld' s Sons Co. ,
SAILED. '
Schr C A Klose, Wilkins, 4 days from San
Pedro. • "•/•-•
Schr Mary C, Campbell, 10 hours from Bo
dega.
Hchr Jennie Wand, Chrlstensen, 4 days from
Coos Bay.
UNITED STATES ARMY TRANSPORT WHICH SAILED YESTERDAY FOR THE PHILIPPINES IN COMMAND
OF CAPTAIN CROSKEY, RECENTLY OF THE GRANT, WHO TOOK THE PLACE OF THE SUSPENDED
SKIPPER, CAPTAIN MARTENS.
THE SAN FRAKCISCO bALL, TUESDAY, JOTTE 3, 1902.
7
0 Time Time Time Time
» Ft. Ft. Ft. VU
oLW HW LW HW
3 2:59' 0.1 9:55 4.2 2:36 2.5 8:52 ~&.i
4 3:50—0.5 10:53 4.4 8:2» 2.fi 0:38 6.0
5 4:3fi— O.9|ll:45 4.6 4:15 2.7 10:21 6.0
C 5:25— 1.2112 :37 4.7 5:00 2.8 11:10 5.0
7 0:13 — 1.2 1:28 4.8 0:01 2.9
H W |L W H W L W
8 I 0:01 5.71 7:031—1.0 2:10 5.0 7:00 2.D
9 1 1:00 0.5| 7:54[—0.7 3:0S 5.1 8:09 3 0
Steamer. . From. Due.
Acme Slunlaw River June 3
8. Mcnica .... San Pedro June 3
Iaqua San Pedro June 3
Newburg.... San Pedro June 3
Enterprise... Htlo June 3
Arctic Humboldt June 3
Pomona Humboldt June 4
Rival Wlllapa Harbor June 4
Coos Bay.... San Pedro & Way Ports June 4
Peking... .... China & Japan June 4
G. W. Elder. . Portland, & Astoria .... June 4
.Aztec Nanaimo June 4
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orford.. June 4
Despatch San Pedro \. June 5
S. Barbara... Ban Pedro June 6
Palena Valparaiso & Way Ports June 5
Point Arena. . Point Arena June 5
Santa Rosa.. San Diego & Way Ports June 5
Cres. City... Crescent City June 5
Argro Kel River Ports June 5
CltyPuebla.. Puget Sound Ports June (1
Eureka Humblodt June 6
Acapulco Panama & Way Ports.. Juno 7
North Fork. . Humboldt June 7
G. Lindauer. . Grays Harbor June 7
Mandalay. . . . Coqullle River June 8
Argyll New York via Panama. June 8
Hon'ita Newport & Way Ports. June 8
Columbia Portland & Astoria June 0
State of Cal. San Diego & Way Ports. June 9
Kalr.ler Whatcom I June 11
Queen Puget Sound Ports -. . . . .IJune 11
G. Dollar Grays Harbor IJune 12
Gaelic China & Japan.... | June 14
Steamer.
From.
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
Sewburgr. .
\Uiance. . .
Westport. .
Phoenix....
Uurcka. ...
3. Monica. .
Bonlta
Zhehalls...
3t. Paul...
[D.qua
Brooklyn..
Despatch...
Slate Cal. .
Umatilla...
Despatch..
Arcata.
Arctic
Amer. Man
Serapls. —
Pomona. . . .
Argo ...
f
Jane 3.
Grays Harbor ...•'.
Portland & Way...
Bear Harbor
Mendoclno City
Humboldt
Humboldt
Newport « Way...
Grays Harbor
Nome & St Michael
¦ ¦ i June 4.
Humboldt
Point Arena
June 5.
Seattle & Falrhaven
San Diego & Way..
Puget Sound Ports.
Seattle & Falrhaven
. June «.
Coos Bay & Pt. Orfd
Humboldt
China & Japan
Hamburg & Way..
Humboldt
Eel River Ports
Jane T.
San Pedro & Way..
Point Arena
Wlllapa Harbor ...
N Y. via Panama. .
Astoria & Portland.
Mexican Ports
June 8.
San Diego & Way..
Jane O.
Valparaiso & Way.
Tahiti direct ......
Panama & Way Pts.
June 1O.
Puget Sound Ports.
Humboldt .........
June 11.
Newport & Way Pts
Conullle River
Jnnc 12.
China & Japan
Sydney & Way Bts.
Astoria & Portland
5 pm Pier 2
5 pm Pier 16
3 pm Pier 2
3 pm Pier 13
0 am Pier 13
5 pm Pier 2
0 am Pier 11
12 m Pier 2
2 pm Pier 34
10 am Pier —
3 pm Pier 2
5 pm Pier 10
9 am Pier 11
11 tarn Pier U
5 pm Pier 16
12 m Pier 13
5 pm Pier 2
1 pm PUSS
2 pin Pier 27
1:30 p Pier 11
4 pm Pier 2
0 am Pier 11
2 pm Pier 2
4 pm Pier 2
2 pm Pier 10
11 am Pier 24
10 am Pier 11
0 am Pier 11
12 m Pier 10
10 am Pier 7
12 m PMSS
11 am Pier 9
0 am Pier 2
9 am Pier 11
4 pm Pier 2
1 pm PMSS
10 am Pier 7
11 pm Pier 24
Coos Bay..
Pt. Arena. .
Ulval
Pleiades...
O. Elder...
Curacao. ..
S. Rosa....
Palena
Australia. .
City Sydnej
City Puobla
North Fork
Santa Cruz.
tfandalay..
Peking... ..
Sierra
Columbia. .
Steamer.
'or.
Sails.
Humboldt. . . .
Ohio
C. of Seattle.
C. or Topeka.
Farallon. ....
Oregon
Chlco... ......
Lyra...
Chas. Nelson.
Valencia
Bertha
Indiana..... •
Dolphin......
Dlrlgo. ;.....
Nome City...
Santa Ana...
Spokane
Cottage City.
Skagway & Way Ports.
Nome & St. Michael....
Skagway & Way Ports.
Skagway & Way Ports.
Skagway & Way Port*.
Nome ••••
Nome & Candle Creek..
Nome & St. Michael....
Golofnln . Bay ' direct. . . .
Nome .'
Cooks Inlet & Way Ports
Nome & St. Michael. ..
Skagway & Way Ports.
Skagway & Way Ports.
Nome City
Skagway & Valdez.....
Skagway & Way Ports.
Skagway & Way Ports.
June 3
June 3
Juna 4
June 4
Juna 0
June 6
June •>>
June I It
June 5
June 7
June 7
June - 7
June 8
June 11
June 12
June 12
June 14
June 14
0 Time Time Time Time
» Ft. Ft. Ft. VU
oLW HW LW HW
3 2:59' 0.1 9:55 4.2 2:36 2.5 8:52 ~&.i
4 3:50—0.5 10:53 4.4 8:2» 2.fi 0:38 6.0
5 4:3fi— O.9|ll:45 4.6 4:15 2.7 10:21 6.0
C 5:25— 1.2112 :37 4.7 5:00 2.8 11:10 5.0
7 0:13 — 1.2 1:28 4.8 0:01 2.9
H W |L W H W L W
8 I 0:01 5.71 7:031—1.0 2:10 5.0 7:00 2.D
9 1 1:00 0.5| 7:54[—0.7 3:0S 5.1 8:09 3 0
Steamer. . From. Due.
Acme Slunlaw River June 3
8. Mcnica .... San Pedro June 3
Iaqua San Pedro June 3
Newburg.... San Pedro June 3
Enterprise... Htlo June 3
Arctic Humboldt June 3
Pomona Humboldt June 4
Rival Wlllapa Harbor June 4
Coos Bay.... San Pedro & Way Ports June 4
Peking... .... China & Japan June 4
G. W. Elder. . Portland, & Astoria .... June 4
.Aztec Nanaimo June 4
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orford.. June 4
Despatch San Pedro \. June 5
S. Barbara... Ban Pedro June 6
Palena Valparaiso & Way Ports June 5
Point Arena. . Point Arena June 5
Santa Rosa.. San Diego & Way Ports June 5
Cres. City... Crescent City June 5
Argro Kel River Ports June 5
CltyPuebla.. Puget Sound Ports June (1
Eureka Humblodt June 6
Acapulco Panama & Way Ports.. Juno 7
North Fork. . Humboldt June 7
G. Lindauer. . Grays Harbor June 7
Mandalay. . . . Coqullle River June 8
Argyll New York via Panama. June 8
Hon'ita Newport & Way Ports. June 8
Columbia Portland & Astoria June 0
State of Cal. San Diego & Way Ports. June 9
Kalr.ler Whatcom I June 11
Queen Puget Sound Ports -. . . . .IJune 11
G. Dollar Grays Harbor IJune 12
Gaelic China & Japan.... | June 14
Steamer.
From.
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
Sewburgr. .
\Uiance. . .
Westport. .
Phoenix....
Uurcka. ...
3. Monica. .
Bonlta
Zhehalls...
3t. Paul...
[D.qua
Brooklyn..
Despatch...
Slate Cal. .
Umatilla...
Despatch..
Arcata.
Arctic
Amer. Man
Serapls. —
Pomona. . . .
Argo ...
f
Jane 3.
Grays Harbor ...•'.
Portland & Way...
Bear Harbor
Mendoclno City
Humboldt
Humboldt
Newport « Way...
Grays Harbor
Nome & St Michael
¦ ¦ i June 4.
Humboldt
Point Arena
June 5.
Seattle & Falrhaven
San Diego & Way..
Puget Sound Ports.
Seattle & Falrhaven
. June «.
Coos Bay & Pt. Orfd
Humboldt
China & Japan
Hamburg & Way..
Humboldt
Eel River Ports
Jane T.
San Pedro & Way..
Point Arena
Wlllapa Harbor ...
N Y. via Panama. .
Astoria & Portland.
Mexican Ports
June 8.
San Diego & Way..
Jane O.
Valparaiso & Way.
Tahiti direct ......
Panama & Way Pts.
June 1O.
Puget Sound Ports.
Humboldt .........
June 11.
Newport & Way Pts
Conullle River
Jnnc 12.
China & Japan
Sydney & Way Bts.
Astoria & Portland
5 pm Pier 2
5 pm Pier 16
3 pm Pier 2
3 pm Pier 13
0 am Pier 13
5 pm Pier 2
0 am Pier 11
12 m Pier 2
2 pm Pier 34
10 am Pier —
3 pm Pier 2
5 pm Pier 10
9 am Pier 11
11 tarn Pier U
5 pm Pier 16
12 m Pier 13
5 pm Pier 2
1 pm PUSS
2 pin Pier 27
1:30 p Pier 11
4 pm Pier 2
0 am Pier 11
2 pm Pier 2
4 pm Pier 2
2 pm Pier 10
11 am Pier 24
10 am Pier 11
0 am Pier 11
12 m Pier 10
10 am Pier 7
12 m PMSS
11 am Pier 9
0 am Pier 2
9 am Pier 11
4 pm Pier 2
1 pm PMSS
10 am Pier 7
11 pm Pier 24
Coos Bay..
Pt. Arena. .
Ulval
Pleiades...
O. Elder...
Curacao. ..
S. Rosa....
Palena
Australia. .
City Sydnej
City Puobla
North Fork
Santa Cruz.
tfandalay..
Peking... ..
Sierra
Columbia. .
Steamer.
'or.
Sails.
Humboldt. . . .
Ohio
C. of Seattle.
C. or Topeka.
Farallon. ....
Oregon
Chlco... ......
Lyra...
Chas. Nelson.
Valencia
Bertha
Indiana..... •
Dolphin......
Dlrlgo. ;.....
Nome City...
Santa Ana...
Spokane
Cottage City.
Skagway & Way Ports.
Nome & St. Michael....
Skagway & Way Ports.
Skagway & Way Ports.
Skagway & Way Port*.
Nome ••••
Nome & Candle Creek..
Nome & St. Michael....
Golofnln . Bay ' direct. . . .
Nome .'
Cooks Inlet & Way Ports
Nome & St. Michael. ..
Skagway & Way Ports.
Skagway & Way Ports.
Nome City
Skagway & Valdez.....
Skagway & Way Ports.
Skagway & Way Ports.
June 3
June 3
Juna 4
June 4
Juna 0
June 6
June •>>
June I It
June 5
June 7
June 7
June - 7
June 8
June 11
June 12
June 12
June 14
June 14
GINGERY VAUDEVILLE!
Le Roy and Clayton; Irene Franklin;
Hill and Whitaker; Murphy ar.d
Slater; Peter F. Dailey and Com-
pany; Stuart Barnes; Two Littla
Fucks; Lotta Gladstone ,and tho
Biograph.
Reserved Seats. 25c: Balcony. 10c; Box Seat*
and Opera Chairs. 60c.
* LOOK OUT FOR
THE MOTOGIRL
THE SENSATIONAL MYSTERY OP THB
PAX-
ALL THIS WEEK.
A NEW CHARM. -
SOUVENIR MATINEE SATURDAY.
[BSMa THURSDAY jgg*T
MR. JAMBS NEILL
And the NEILL COMPANY.
Presenting G«o. H. Broadhurst's New and Im-
mediate Success, the Romantic Comedy
THE RED KNIGHT.
NEXT — Dion Bouclcault's Charming Ttacln*
Play, .
••THE ..ILT."
SEATS THTJR3DAY.
EVENTNG3 AT *8 SHARP!"
SOUVENIR TOY MATINEE SATURDAY AT
2 SHARP!
A GREATER FAVORITE THAN EVER.
THE
Toy-Maker I
PERFECT CAST! NEW SONGS! FUNNT
TOY SHOP SCENE!
Wednesday, June 4tb. "WHITE HIGHBIND-
ERS 1 NIGHT."
POPULAR PRICES— 25c. BOc and 75c
» - Telephone Bush 9.
f*£IB B81H33! A smsrajirs
vUkUfflDIA LEADISQlHErtal
A POSITIVE TRIUMPH.
Instantateous Success of
KATHRYN KIDDER
In L. Du Pont Syle's Adaptation of Duaaai*
Fascinating Comedy Drama,
FRANCILLON
All This Week — Matinee Saturday.
Beginning NEXT^MONDAY.
HENRY MILLER, MARGARET ANGLLN
And a Special Company In
"TRELAWNY OF THE WELLS."
CPAT 541 V BEGINS NEXT •
JCA1 OALC THURSDAY
vy** a^ i^ tgtsss ciTf iuui
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
The Powerful and Successful Melodrama — THB
SIDEWALKS
OF NEW YORK.
A soul-stirring sensation A world of
novelties Wholesome comedy.
UP-TO-DATE SPECIALTIES, Including LIT-
TLE REYNA BELASCO. the Marvel-
ous Child Dancer.
PDirFC EVENINGS 10c to 50o
rnltCJ MATINEES 10c. 15c. 25o
NEXT WEEK— "A GUILTY MOTHER,"
EAT R rJA >
THI3 WEEK ONLY.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAT.
WM. H. CRANE'S COMEDY SUCCESS.
His IWs Father.
SPECIAL
jnONDAYNIGHT.JUNB 9,
INAUGURATION OF ANNUAL SEASON,
MISS FLORENCE ROBERTS'
Opening Play "ZAZA."
SALE OF BOXES AND SEATS opens THIS
{TUESDAY), at » A. M. for first two weeka,
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SOTDAT. |
LAST NIGHT— ANOTHER BIO HIT. J
America's Youngest Star, j
MAUDE FE^LY
In the Madlaon-aquar* Theater Success,
"MY LADY DAINTY**
By Madeline Lucetts Rylay.
First Time on Any Btaftt at
POPULAR PRICES 10c. 15c. 23c. 60c. 1«a
Good Orchestra Seats AH Matinees, 23a,
NEXT WEEK ....... >> MI33 HOSSS^
FlSCher'$ Theater.
The .<¦ I That
One j Never
Show | Tires.
PEOPLE COMB TO SEE
"FIDDLE DEE DEE"
Every night ot the week, and they all earn*
back for the ninth week.
Last night the same crowded and enthusi-
astic house. -
We may soon say "farewell," so get your
seats now. ' <
All reserved for 25c and 60c at night: 25c at
the Saturday and Sunday matinees; children at
matinees, 10c.
Theatrical Employes' Bensfii Friday.
TBE CHUTES
Fulton Street and Tenth Avenue.
MODERN YAUDEYTlTe EYERY AFTER-
N00NANDJYEN1NG.
DOOLET AND FOWLEY: MLLE. LAUR-
•-ELLE: LUELLA MONTAGUE'S EDU-
CATED CATS: THE TWO LAMONTS:
DAVIS AND DE HEARDE: BACON AND
VANE AND NEW MOVING PICTURES.
The Little Lake Shore Railway New Running
AMATEUR NIGHT THURSDAY.
Admission 10c Children... Bo
Phons for Seats — Park 23.
SUTRO BATHS.
;"V-,b-.. OPEN NIGHTS.
OPEN DAILY FROM 7 A. M. TO 11 P. Jf.
Bathing: from 7 a. m. to 10:30 p. m.
ADMISSION. 10c. CHILDREN. 6t
Bathing, including admission. 25c: Children Me
Weekly Call,$1.00 per Year
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
RAILWAY TBAVEL.
M • 'Convalescent
fll'g"^^^ find a positive and rapid restorative in
J| |||1| ANHEUSER-BUSCH'S
-the "Foodhrin*."
f§Sp; '^HW^I^^^^ This must not be judged by the same stand-
j^^^^^lH^^I^^ ard as alcoholic beverages with "tonic"
l^^^fe^^^^^ titles. Jdalt'tfutrim has 14.60* of genuine
1^5^^^^^^^ nutritive extract and less than 2% of alcohol.
P^^^^^J^^^^i Is absolutely a non=intoxicant and posi*
E? \[jpo!os««»"a*JQStT j/j| tively strengthening and invigorating.
g^-S^cw^'^ca^^ Doctors prescribe it.
KS^**^^"*^- Al1 druggists sell it. Prepared only bp
Anheuser-Busch Brewing Ass'n
i^i|--i;-|fflK^^^5fflffil!ffiS8 TlreWers of the famous Budweiser, Michelob,
Jg^.iliCKB^jflffigFaggpr Black 6 Tan. Faust, Pale-Lager, Anheuttr*
8 " 1^^ Standard, Export Pale and Exquisite.
ADVEKTISEMENTS.
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
SCIENCE SCORES AGAIN.
A Preparation That Will Destroy the
Dandruff Germ Discovered.
Finally the scientific student has dis-
covered a certain remedy for dandruff.
When it first became known that dan-
druff is the result of a germ or parasite
that digs into the \calp and saps the vi-
tality of hair at the root, causing' falling
hair and baldness, biologists set to work
to discover some preparation that will
kill the germ. After a year's labor in
one laboratory the dandruff germ de-
stroyer was discovered, and It Is now-
embodied in Newbro's Herpicide, whicb,
besides curing baldness and thinning hair,
speedily and permanently eradicates dan-
druff. "Destroy the cause, you remove
the effect."
For Stomach Disorders*
Cout and Dyspepsia
DRINK
Best NATURAL Alkaline! Water
330 BROADWAY. K. T. '
P/llflfP Desirable location.
i A U1UVV unsurpassed cuisine,
Xj *' ' u n.e q u a 1 e d ser,-
51 flfl vice-, and modern
UllU - conveniences are the
' p ¦ +¦ attributes that have
llf/lfifl made these two ho-
Ul UilU tels popular with
II J. t ''-' tou " s^ s an 4 travel-
nftlPlC ers who visit San
UUlCla Francisco.
I^fflenOnlyi
O q j. . _ M
|r s?A Talcott 1
1 WE DO NOT ASK FOR A DOLLAR UNTIL 1
I APOSIflVCCUREIS EFFCCTtD. |
H If afflicted be sure to see us. No §1
H charge for consultation. Our Dr. Ttel- H
Q cott personally takes charge of every Eg
g case, and his known reliability l« a I
M guarantee of honest and faithful at- B
|J tentlon. fs
H WEAKNESSES— In most cases are H
H « due to a damaged prostate gland. 9
M Our Dr. Talcott treats each case H
H personally and offers an experience fa
m of over twenty years devoted to this n
M specialty. 83
Rl VABICOCEI/E— Is an enlargement M
H of the vital blood vessels. It is a H
H common disorder. Most men are af- m
D filcted with some stage of this dls- H
M ease. We can cure Varlcocele In m
M one week at bur office. 3000 patients 1
H have been cured without a failure or I
H unpleasant result. I
H COM'ltACr) l ''vri) I>TfaO"RT»F,HS — I
( a From statistics compiled from our I
I H practice, covering 6500 cases, 00 per I
H cent have recovered In seven days or 1
I CQNTAGrlO ITS BI>OOD DTS- \
|i EASES— By our method no time I
H Ir lost, no change in diet or habits, I
3 permanent cures being effected in a
| ehort time with but little expense
3 to the patient ,*-
I DR. TALCOTT & CO.,
I 1140 MARKET STREET;.
5 Opposite Hale's.
Snperlor to Apiol, Tansy, Pennyroyal or Steel.
Sure Relief of Pain and Irregulari-
ties Peculiar to the Sex.. ">
Aplollno Capsules for three months cost $2.
Druggist or P. O. Box 8081, New York.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Trains, leave and arts due to arrive at
SAN FKAN'CI>CO.
Plain Line, foot of Market Street )
ltate — From Jckx 1. 1903. — abbivx'
7 -CO a Beulcia. &ul«un. tlmlru and Sacra-
mt'ntj ... ....... 6-5Gp
7.00a VacEv<:ie, winter*. Rum»ej-.. 7.&5p
7.33a Mnuinei. Ean Hamon, Vaiiejo,
>?.;>:.. Callstoga, Santa Itosa. 6-25p
800a Davi», Tk'otxilaca, Kolgiitt landing,
Maryn!lle. Orovillc 7.BBp
S.OOa Atlantic K.\pre«s»— Ojfden and Ea»t. 8.26a
S.OOa >Ues, Latbrop. Stockton 7^J5p
8.00a SCUea. Xcnduta, Uaaforfi. Vlsalla,
Porterviile 455P
8.20a Shast* Espress — Davis. Wllliiuni
(for Bartlett Springs), Willows,
_ lied Bluff. Portland 7.55P
E.SGa Stn Jose. Ltrennore, Stnckton,
lone, Sacramento. Placervllle,
Mar.7«vn!e. Cnico, Bed Bluff 4.25p
8.30a Oakdale.CulEese,Sonora,Tuolumne 4.25p
800a Vaiiejo 12^5p
9.00a Los Augele* Expresa — Martinez,
Tracy. Lathrop.Stocfctoa,Merced.
Kh >¦ :¦.;.. Lit. 1- rcsiioami LusAnttPle* 825 a
9-33 A Va'.lru.. Man iacz and Way stations 7.55 P
TOCQa Hayward. Mies and Way Stations. t12.55P
10.00* TCf Overland Limited — Ogdcn,
Denver. Omaha. Chicago 6-2SP
ti.OOP 6acramento Itlver Steamer* t11.03P
3 OOp Benlcia, Winter*, Sacramento,
Woodland, Williams, Willow*,
Knlpbts Landing. Marytvllle,
Orovllle 10.55a
3.S0p ITayward. Ktk-s and Way Stations.. 7-55P
4 OOP Martioez.Sai: Kamoa.ValleJo,Napa,
Callrtopa, Santa Rota '. . 9-25 a
4-COp yileb, Llvprmore, Stockton, Lodl.. 12.25P
4.50f Hayward.Niies.SanJoee.Ltvennore 18.55a
<J3p The Owl Ltmlted— Fresno, Tulare,
Bakersfirld, Sauicns tor Santa
Uarbara, Los Angeles 8.55a
5-OOp PortCosta,Tracy,Lathrop.Stockton 1025a
5.C3p Martinet. Antioch. Stockton. Jier-
oed. Ilayiaoad, Fresco 12-25p
t5.30P Xlles Local 725a
C-OOi- Hayward. Kllcs and SanJoie 7.55a
t6.00p Vallcjo 11.25a
6-OOr- Oriental Mall— Ogden, I>enrer,
Omaha, St. Louis, Chicago 4.25p
7^J0t San Psblo. Port Costa, Martinez
and Way Stations 11.25a
J7-C01- Vaiiejo 755r
S.05P OreKon & California Express— Sac-
ramento, Marysville, Redding,
Portland, Puget Sound and East. . 8.55a
_t9.1Qp Hay ward and X!!e* :11.65 a
COAST LINE Oarron Uanse).
( Foot of Market Street.f
27.45a Santa Crui Excursion J8.C5P
8.15a Xewarfc, Centerrllle. San Jose,
Feltun. Boulder Creek, Santa
Cruz and Wnj- Stations 6 50p
12.15P Kewark. Centerrllle. San Joae.
Xew A'.ciaden. Fclton, Boulder
Creek. Santa Cruz and Priuclpal
Way StaUons 10.50a
4-15p Newark, fcau Jose, Lee Gatos ••8.50a
fc415p Saa .lo^e. LosGatog. fiautaCrni... <-8-6Qa
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
Frain SAN HiAN CISCO. Foot of Market St. (Slip 8)
— tT:15 9:00 lltLflA.M. 1.00 3.00 5.15 P.M.
From OAKLAND, Foot of Broadway — *6:00 i&.OO
+Sj<r> :u:u)a.m. 12 00 2C3 4.00p.m.
COAST LINE (Kroa4 tiau^e).
(Third »pj Ton n»r;i.l Street*.)
6.'i3a San Josk and W«y .Stations 6.36a
i 7.O0* San Jo5e and Way Stations
/.'.'Ca New Alrr.adrn M.IOp
J7-15* Montt-rey Excursion 58.3CP
£ CGa Co»«t Lire Ltuiiled — San .Tose,
Cl'.roy. Sr.MnRR, Saa Lnis Ohlspo.
Santa Bsrbsrs. Lo« Angeles and
Principal Intermediate Stations. 10-45?
SXCa San Joce. Tr«*s Pino*. Sauta Cruz.
Pnrinc Crorr., Sdllnas. b*n Luis
. <)!)lsr>o and Principal Intermcdl-
" ate Stations 4.10p
10.30* ?<"! Jose and War Stations. 8. 36a
11.30* SHnJosc.lx»sGstofKUdWayStationa 4 9.00a
«130." Sa:i J<>»e and Wey Stations Q/.OCp
2-50l* Sar. Mateo, Redwood, Palo Alto,
hsnta Clara, San Jose. Tres
Pinos, Sauta Cruz, Sallaas. Del
Monte, Monterry end Pacinc
Grove 1045a
t3-39p San Jose and Way Stations 7.30p
+4.00? 1»'"1 Monte Express — Only stops San
Jose t120iP
4.30p San. Ji^e ar.d Principal WayStatlon* 1.30p
*5 C3p San Jose. Los <jato« end Principal
AVfty Stations 5-30p
5-30p San.JrtseancirrJncipulWayfitatlons 6-30P
+S-15P San Mar«»>. Belmont. Redwood,
McnloPtrk. Palo Alto -TS.46A.
6-3DP San .lose and Way Stations.. 7.30P
7.CCp Neir Orleans Expre»s — San Luis
Oblspo, Santa liartiar*. Los An-
jreli's, Penjlaj:. El I'tso, Kew
Orleans and I->>i 1915a
•1V45p Pan .Tone and Way Stations
A fur Mora:i!?. P for Afternoon.
+ 6uuday excepted. t Sunday only,
a Saturday oaly. e Monday only.
* S&turday nnd yTuesUaj and Friday.
tur. >.y only.
Santa Fe
Trains— Daily.
L«^ave Market-stre«»t Ferry Depot.
i j Llzn'dt
I Local ! Mon& J OiTl'd Local
j Daily Thurs [ Dally I Daily
Lv. Pan Franl 9:00 a! 9:00 a'i 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton.jl2:10p;il:4ja;il:16p 7:18 p
'• Merced...) 2::i5 pi 1 :17 p| 1:30a
" Fresno... 4:10 p 2:35 p 3:15a
" Hanford.. S:5Si> 3:27 p S:O5a
" Vif-alia...! 5:38 p !»:00a
" IJakersflu j S:10 p S:20 p 7:35 a
" Kan. City 2:31a 8:02 a
" Chlf-a^rj. . i | 2:15 Pi 8:47 p|
b for tnurniti«. p lor afternoon.
9:00 a. m. train Is the California Limited,
carrying 1'a.lace Sleeping Cars and Dining
Cars" through to Chicago. Chair Car runs
to Iiakersfield for accommodation of local
first-class passengers. No becond-claes tick-
ets are honored on th'.a train. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 11:10 p. m. Tuesday
and Friday.
4:20 p. m- Is Stockton local. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 11:00 t. m. daily.
8 p. m. is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 0:00 p. in.
tail/.
0:00 a. m. is Bakcrefield Local, stopping
at all i>o!r.ts in Fan Joaquin Valley. Cor-
reJT' n nd.'ng train arrives at 8 a. m. daily.
Offices— C41 Market street and In Ferry
Depot. Ecn rrauelsco; 1112 Broadway,
KCRTH SHORE RAILROAD/
Via Sanatallto Ferry*
Commencing: April 27, 1902.
FROM SAN l'-RA-NClSCO TO MILL. VALLEY
AND KAN KAFAEL.
V.ICEK DAYS — (1:13, '7:45, S:<5. O:S0, 11:00
a. m.. 12:2(1. *1:45. 3:15. 4:15. 5:13, •0:16,
tf:d, 9M. UiO p. m. 7:12 a. in. does not
run to Mill Valley.
SUNDAYS- 7:<K>. 8:00, '^OO. 10:00, 11:00.
11 so a. ir... Vl/.U). •l.-M. 2:30. '3:45, 5:00, «:oo.
7:S0, S:4J. 11 - i: < ! J - »•
Trains umrked (*) run to San Quentln.
T-KOM SAX ItAFAEL TO SAN KIIANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— :5:20. *«:2«, 7:40. S:15. 'H-.-M.
11:00 a. m.. l'-:2o. 2:15, *«:S0, 4:10. 3:30, «J:4i.
111-15 1>. Bl.
SUNWATS— <:«>. »8:00. !»:30. •11:00 a. m..
•12 00 m- l:W». 2:15. '3:30, 4:15, •3:43, 6:13,
7--{0 10:15 d. m.
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentln.
FliOM MlU- VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
\VliEK DATS— 5:40. 0:40, 7:45. 8:25. »:45.
11:10 a. m-. 12:3'.. 2:45, 3:50. 5:10. 5:20, 7:1«.
1 °K 1 rN^JA^YS-«:30. 7:S3. 10:05, 11:10 a. m..
12:15. 1:2°' 2:30, 3:45. 5:00. <J:05. 7:15. 10:40
p ' "?" THROUGH TRAINS.
7-43 a. m. week days — Cazadero and way
kUttons.^ Saturdays — Cazadero act way
St S"l5 n 'p. w- vcck days < Saturda J r « excepted)—
Toma'le-s'and vnf station*.
8:00 a. m. Sundays — Cazadero and way
'^O-Sfa. m. Sundays — Point Iteyea and way
Legal" Holiday boats and trains will run on
8uBcay time.
SSlaiSLOflwSf
ADVEBTTSEZSENTS.
Don't Hesitate
{ to go east with one of the
Burlington Overland Excur-
sions because you think the
"passengers won't be nice."
They wiil be.
Objectionable people can
not secure berths in our '
cars AT ANY PRICE.
; Travelers are gradually j
] finding this out — to their j
I advantage and ours.
From San Francisco three 1
times a week — Omaha, Chi-
cago, Kansas City, St. Louis
and points beyond.
Folder giving full informa- •
tion furnished on request. ¦ <
I ,^^^""1 w « D - SANBORN, I
ffs^SHXST C*n«ral Agent.
siwM 63 ' Markei st -
gs|uy]i£32| San Francisco,
I , , ¦ «| California.
CALIFORNIA KORTHWESTERN RY. CD
LESSEES
SA.V fH/.NCiSGO ANJ NIMH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiltnroa Kerry, foot of £Ar_vicet St.
SAW; FRAXCISCU TO 8 AN RAFAEL
WEEK DATS — 7:30. 9:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:S5.
3:30, &:10. tt:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip
at 11 ::>0 d. m. Saturdays — Extra trips at
1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— S:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.: 1:30, 3:30.
5:00 and C:20 p. m.
SAX UAFAliL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS — 6:05, 7:35. 7:60. »:20, 11:15
a. m.; 12:50, 3:40. 5:00, 6:20 p. m. Satur-
days — Extra trips at 2:05 and (i:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS — fc.:O0, »:40. 11:15 a.m.; 1:40, 3:40,
4:53. 5:05. 0:25 p. m.
Leave I la Effect I Arrive
San Franclscoj Mar 4. 1002. |S&n Francisco
Week I Sun- I Desttna- I Sun- I Week
Days. I day«. | tion. f days. | Days.
7:::0a! S:00a I*naclo 0:10 a 8:40 a
3:30 p 9:30 a and 10:40 a 8:40 a
0:10 p 5:00 p Novato C:05p 6:20 p
( 7:35p
7:30 al S:O0a Petaluma 10:40 a| 8:40 a
3:30 p » :30 a and 6:05 p 10:20 a ;
5:10 pi 5:00 p Santa Rcta 7:35 p| 0:20 p ;
Fulton
7:S0a Windsor 10:20 a
5:00 p Healdsburg 10:40 a
Lytton
Geysen'llle
3:30 p S:00a Cloverdale 7:35 p 6:20 p
7:30 a! 8.00 a! Hopland 110:40 a(10:20 a !
S:30pj 5:00 p| Ukiah [ 7:35 p| 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 a| Willlts | 7:S5 p| 0:20 p
7:30 al S:OOaP Guernevllle I 7:35 p|10:20a
3:30 p| 5:00 p| |10:40a| 6:20 p
7-30a| 8:C0a Sonoma I 0:10 al 8:40,a
5:30 p] 5:00 p Glen Ellen | 6:05 p| 0:20 p
7-30 al 8:00 al Sebastopol 110:40 a|10:20 a
3 :20 p| 5:00 p| | 7:35 p| 0:20 p
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Spring* and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altruria; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
G«>-B«rvllle for Skaggs. Springs; at Cloverdale
for the Geysers and BoonevIHe; at Hopland for
Duncan Springs. Highland Springs, Kelseyvllle,
Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and
BarUett Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs,
Saratoga spring*. Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell
Lake. Witter Springs, kjpp«r Lake, Porno, Pot-
ter Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Llerley's,
BuckncH's Sanhedrln Heights. Hullville, Orr'3
Hot Springs, Half-way House. Comptche, Camp
Stevens. Hopkins. Mendoclno City, Fort Bragg,
Weptport. Ueal; at Wllllts for Sherwood, Cahto,
Covrio. Laytonvllle, Cummlngs. Bell's Springs
Harris. Olsen's. Dyer. Pepperwood. Scotia ana
'Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundaj-6 — Round-tr<p tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. C50 Market st. Chronicle bulld-
lD H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
t »»»»»»«««TT T-----~TT T t t »
I 1HE WHITE PASS AND \
I YUKON ROUTE J
1 ' Shortest and quickest route to At- 4
i lln. Ills: Salmon, While Hone, i
i Hootallnqoa, Stenart River, ,
ii KlouHlke. Kojnknk und Yu- ,
Icon Mlnlnsr Wlstriotn. ,
ONLY. DIRECT LIM5 TO DAVVS^N ,
i, TEX MAYS SAX KRANCISCO TO ,
I DAWSON.
T For full Information apply to
f J. FRANCIS LEE. S. P. BROWN. "
? Traffic Mgr., Seat- Gen. Agent, 530 '
* tie.. Wash.; Skas- Market st.. San '
4 uay, Alaska. Francisco.
nOUNT TAA1ALPAIS RAILWAY
~~Leave Via Sausalito Ferry Arrive ~
San Fran. Foot of Market St. San Fran.
Week Sun- Tht6:ltr . B . trata^ w Sun- Week
Days, days. Days. .
9:30a. 6MA.\ p * rtMatlmmu1M 12:16 p. 9:15a.
1:45*. 9:00 a. l7«., MtWllc i. tb .«., J .,<h U 1:15 P. 3:35 p.
6-.15P. 10:00 A.I ' w _ki..,_ lT 3:30 P. 5:55p. j
¦ ¦•¦••••a II.OVA. urii^n. nr riuiiBIKm H.tnj tr. ••••..¦••
1:30 p. "THKBI OF TiMLPilS" 5 : 5o P
2:30 P.k ° r " »'">«?'"'»»"*• 8:15 p
SATUEDM5 OBLT— 1«»»« Tim> »:* r. urlrs t« fruolKO HOt r.
Ticket Oaoct. 621 H ADLK.KT bTREET ami SAU.-iALlIO EW.RT. I
, J\dZM*!£&bZ*m remedy tor Gonorrhoea.
G ) 6t U Spermntorrhoea,
CUnES Xai WhlM «< anmtnrftl dis-
JSR fla 1 1» » dayi. charged, or any inUaimna.-
fijJV Oair»nt«e<l t» ** tion, irritation or ulcora-
jfiJrr.j...~-.Ki.a. tio^of
Sold b y DrowlaU,
MH^CINONX1T1,0 -Kga or Bent l n plain wrapper,
V. 8. A. J8&L by express, prepaid, for
A\SJp§»* w __ 1! rf5Ha fl.OO, or a bottleii, 12.73.
> P|| CircBlar eont on request.
& epATENTSl Jm
A3nJSEMEUTSLChief Wlttman received a letter yes
terday from McDonald. Bown & Co.,
wagon manufacturers of Seattle, asking
him to find out if Henry Ruth, who had
a. saloon on East Columbia street, Se
attle, was -in this city. He left there on
May 1, taking with him a. pacing horse
and bicycle buggy, it is asserted.
Disappeared From Ssattle.
Captain Morse, Seventeenth Infantry,
v;ho has been acting as chief signal officer
of the Department of California for sev
eral months, has been ordered by the Sec
retary of War to join his regiment at
Vancouver. His position in this city will
be filled by Colonel Allen of the Signal
Corps, who is now in Japan en route to
America from the Philippines.
Captain Morse to Leave.
The Supreme Court issued an alterna
tive writ of mandate yesterday compell
ing Judge Hebbard to appear before ' it
for the purpose of showing cause why he
should not be ordered to fix the amount
of the undertaking to stay execution upon
the appeal of Charles Newman from the
judgment which declared that Herbert
Chycnski was part owner of the Richelieu
raloon. Amos K. Zeigler, the Santa Cruz
murderer, who is under sentence to be ex
ecuted on August 15, was denied a writ
of habaeas corpus by the Supreme Court
yesterday. It was desired to have the
custody of the defendant transferred from
Warden Acuirre to the Sheriff of Santa
Cruz County.
Supreme Court Decisions.
One of Judge Pierce's legs was disabled,
and he was unable to walk. He man
aged, however, to crawl to a. convenient
place, where he made a fire, by which he
remained until found next day. He was
removed to Jolon, where he has since
been confined. It is thought that he
sustained a fracture of the thigh bone
or a broken hin joint.
Information has reached this city that
Judg'e W. L. Pierce, who was formerly
on the Superior bench in . San Diego
County, but who for some time past has
been practicing law in this city, met with
a serious accident in Monterey County.
JnAge Pierce left this city early last week
to visit the newly discovered gold fields
near Monterey. While driving from the
mines, near tbe head of San Antonio
Creelc, on last Wednesday afternoon, his
horse became 'frightened and ran away,
throwing him from the buggy.
Camp Out for Whole
Night.
Has Leg Disabled and Is Forced to
3TJDGE W. I*. PIERCE IS
INJUBED IN BUirAWAY.
Amid toasts, class yells and merry
laughter each senior instructor was pre
sented with a present from the class as
a* token of the esteem of the graduates.
Altogether the afternoon was pleasantly
passed.
Seventy-eight San Francisco girls who
will take part in the thirty-eighth en
nual commencement exercises; of the
Girls' High School of this city held a
merry hi;rh jinks yestr-rday at the High
School Auditorium, Scott and Geary
streets. At 12 o'clock the girls and their
teachers met for the day's fun. Miss Ger
trude Friedlander opened the ceremonies
with a song of welcome, which wa3 fol
lowed by the class songs of '02 and then
the valedictory by Miss Margaret Olsen.
The pilgrimages on science, history, clas
sics, ma.thenuu.ics, English and drawing,
delivered by class members, were very
Interesting and witty. The giving of the
class pledge was followed by a most en
joyable luncheon. During the afternoon
Miss Jessie Burns and Miss Pearl Met
calf rendered solos, and a piano duet
was played by Miss Irma Shirck and
Miss Judith Shirck. After the singing
of "'Auld l^ang: Syne" by the entire class
xhe hail was cleared for dancing, and all
enjoyed a pleasant hour on the floor. The
president of the class is Miss Gertrude
Friedlander, Miss Bertha. Henzel secre
tary and Miss Ellen Page treasurer.
Gertrude Friedlander Is Chosen Pres-
ident of the Graduating Class
of '02.
SCHOOL GIELS HOLD
MEKRY HIGH JINKS
The Fish Commissioners report that
Deputies Frank Soule and J. C. Ingalls of
Healdsburg arrested Edward and Burke
Williams at Skaggs Springs on Memorial
Cay for deer shooting. Justice Provins of
Healdsburg fined the men $25.
Game Law Violators Caught.
Vogelsang states that if the ex-cham
pion decides to break the law, he him
self will not attempt to apprehend him,
but will dispatch two of his trusty depu
ties with guns to attend to the matter.
Vogelsang sent a copy of the game laws
to the pugilist on Saturday. A careful
watch will be kept on "Bob" and his
companions.
Chief Deputy Vogelsang of the Fish
Commission states that he has rec«lved
Information from private sources to the
effect that Bob Fitzsimmons.whois now in
training at Skaggs Springs for his pros
pective fight with Jeffries, has made ar
rangements to go deer hunting-.
duimpion Contemplates Viola
tion of Game Laws.
Deputy Vogelsang Hears That ,Ex-
CAREFUL WATCH IS SET
ON "BOB" FITZSIMMONS
The decree of the Circuit Court of the
district of Oregon was affirmed in the
Cfise of the X. K. Fairhank Company vs.
Luckel Ring and Cake Soap Company.
Under all the circumstances of the case we
are of the opinion that the carrier is not re
lieved from liability as to the delivery of
freight and baegage by reason of tha language
in the contracts that the landing should not
be deemed a nart of the voyage. The cus
tom and usage of landing passengers on a
bleak shore without delivery of their baggage
and effects until after the ship goes to other
places tf> deliver other freight and remains
away for a week or more, if such custom ex
isted, is one that should be more honored in
the breach than in the observance, and should
not be sanctioned or encouraKed by the
courts.
The decree of the District Court of
Washington, northern division, was af
lirmcd, with costs, in the case of John
T. Urismore and others vs. the Pacific
Steam Whaling Company. Grismore and
ins fellow complainants were awarded
*2700 damages in the lower court and the
defendant appealed. The suit was a libel
against the steamship Valencia for breach
ot contract for the transportation of
pi::intifl"s and baggage from San Fran
cisco to Nome. They alleged that they
Lad paid $75 each for second class pas
sage in the season of 1900, but instead of
receiving second class food and accom
modations they were treated and fed as
steerage passengers and their baggage
was detained ten days after they were
landed at Nome. In rendering its opinion
the court says:
It is contrary to fundamental principles to
permit Jurois to receive evidence without the
liresecce of the defendant. They must and
can only iTouerly ueeide the question of his
t:uilt or innocence ujjon evidence, introduced at
the trial. Whether or not the can admitted
in c\ iaenee contained opium prepared tor
smoking- purposes was a question of fact upon
which both tides were entitled to be heard —
the defense as well as the Government. Judg
ment reversed and cause remanded for new
trial.
Jn commenting upon this instruction of
the District Judge the United States Cir
cuit Court of Appeals says:
The United States Circuit Court of Ap
reals handed down an opinion yesterday
to the effect that it is not proper for a
jury to receive evidence in the absence of
the defendant. The case was that of the
United States vs. William Wilson and T.
P. Hodgson. The defendants were con
victed In the District Court for the north
ern district of Washington of having re
ceived and concealed smuggled opium
that had been prepared for smoking. On
the trial of the case the District Judge
instructed the jury that they could take
a tin of opium, punch a hole in it and
ascertain whether it contained opium
prepared for smoking. This tin had been
admitted in evidence, but it had not been
opened to allow of an examination of its
contents.
An appeal in a case under quo warranto
proceedings does not act as a stay of
judgment. Anticipating that Judge Sloss
will decide against him, Fredrick is pre
paring to turn over the clerk's office and
all the records and documents appertain
ing thereto.
Attorney A. Ruef, acting for Fred
rick, the Mayor's appointee to the of
fice, is of the opinion that, as Judge
Sloss has already decided that his cli
ent is not entitled to the clerkship, it
would be useless to fight the present case
before him. For this reason Ruef agreed
to ask for judgment without making any
argument. Judge Sloss will, in all prob
ability, sustain their former ruling and
decide that Fredrick is a usurper. An
appeal will immediately be taken from
this decision.
"When the case involving the title to
the office of Chief Clerk of the Justice
of t"he Peace courts came up under quo
warranto proceedings yesterday morning
before Judge Sloss, McComb and Fred
rick, the claimants of the office, both
requested that it be laid over until this
morning. The contestants have agreed
to submit the case without argument.
The delay was sought in order to afford
the attorneys - time to prepare a state
ment of the facts commencing at the
beginning, when Williams was ejected,
and recounting all the subsequent de
velopments, legal and otherwise. This
statement will be submitted. to the court.
Mr. Eamiine saM. that he would go be
fore the Grand Jury to-day and procure
the reinclictment of the defendants on
charges of having procured false oaths
from other persons than those named in
the defective indictment.
Mrs. Elizabeth Little, a chambermaid
cf Loyalton. Sierra County, was the next
•witness, and it vras while she was on the
Staiid that the denouement came. She
testified that on Iilay 11 of 1001 she filed an
application for a tract ansl took the oath
before II. M. Mallech. Receiver of the
Land Department at Marysville. Ths in
dictment charged that she had taken the
oath before Frank \Y. Johnson, the Reg
ister. Therf wore similar fatal variances
aHl througn the indictments.
WRONG PERSONS NAMED.
Agent Cullom, who is a brother of
tniied Slates Senator Cuhom, was de
tailed by the Liuiu JJepartmenl to prepare
the eviuence in the case. The original ap
plications, which were to be prouueed by
the prosecution during the trial, were
cent on to Washington and were not re
turned to the United States Attorney's
office in this city until yesterday morning
wn.iie the trial was In progress. Mr. Cul
lom supplied the facts on which the case
%vas presented before the Granll Jury and
en which the indictments were drawn.
When the applications were opened in
court yesterday it was ftjund that the
fciieged false oaths had been taken before
persons other than those named in the
indictment. Karly in the day Bert Schles
inger of counsel tor the defense demurred
tc the indictment on the ground that it
6id not allege certain knowledge en Che
part of the defendants and the persons
vhem it was charged were associated
vith them, but Judge de Haven ruled that
there was no merit in the point raised
and the case went on. William E. Lang
don, a country butcher, testified that he
liad taken up 100 acres and afterward sold
the tract to Cantain Roberts of Sacra
mento. He made $1<W and expenses on
the deal and did not consider that he had
dene anything unlawful. Having pur
chased the land from Government, he
thought that he had a right to sell it to
whomsoever he pleased.
HOW BLUNDER OCCURRED.
The case was that of the United States
vs. J. M. Kngle, a real estate agent; Wil
liam S. Lewis, a. lumber merchant; S. VY.
Keddie, a surveyor; A. S. Parsons, an ex
minister of the gospel, and Julian E. Par
dee.
They were indicted for subornation of
perjury in having induced a large number
of persons to rue upon timber lands in
pjumas, Lasseu ana Sierra counties, by
•which means the defendants are alleged
to have secured about ten thousand acres
of valuable timber. The prosecution had
obtained testimony to the effect that the
persons who were induced to make ihe il
legal application were paid their expenses
£ud one hundred dollars each.
The prosecution of the Sierra and Plumas
timber land grabbing cases came to an
inglorious end yesterday afternoon in the
United States District Court by the dis
covery that H. C. Cullom, special agent
for the United States Land Office, had
procured the indictment to be drawn so
that one thing was alleged while another
tiling was proved. As soon as this dis
covery was made First Assistant United
Elates Attorney Banning announced that
the prosecution had no case. Judge de
Haven instructed the jury to render a
verdict of acquittal, which was done be
fore the jury left the box.
Prosecution's Witnesses F^il
to Substantiate the
Allegations.
Cas9 to Be Submitted This
Morning Without Any
Argument.
Juries May Not Receive Any
Evidence in Absenca of
Defendant
Will Vacate Office If
Sloss' Decision Is
Adverse.
Baggage Must Not Be
Detained on Board
, of Vessels.
TIMBER CASES
FALL THROUGH
Blunders in Preparing
the Indictment Are
Found.
POWEL FREDRICK
READY TO MOVE
APPEAL COURT
DECIDES CASES
THE SAN FRANCISCO- 'CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 3, 1902.
8
STATEMENT
OF THE , ¦
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
¦ OF THE -
AGRICULTURAL
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF WATERTOWN. IN THE STATE OF
New York, on the 31st day of December,
A. D. 1901. and for the year ending on that
day. as made to the Insurance Commissioner
of the State of California, pursuant to the
provisions of sections 610 and 611 of the Po-
litical Code, condensed as per blank furnished
by th* Commissioner:
CAPITAL. •
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
In Cash $500,000 CO
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company... 837,400 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages.. 775,211 60
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company.. 724,663 62
Amount of Loans - secured by
pledge of Bonds. Stocks, and
ether marketable securities as
collateral 239.244 18
Cash in Company's Of flee 4 185 11
Cash In Banks 133,230 69
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 11,854 69
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 27.975 86
Premiums in due- Course of Collec-
tion 119.881 08
Due from other Companies for re-
Insurance on losses already paid. 2.930 66
Total Assets $2,376,679 33
LIABILITIES. — — —
Losses adjusted and unpaid $29,101 96
Loeses In process of Adjustment or
In Suspense 59,182 «5
Losses resisted. Including expenses. 11,970 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less. $826,803 00;
reinsurance 50 per cent 413,401 50
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, $1,462,-
879 00; reinsurance pro rata.... T67.4S3 13
Total Liabilities $1,281,137 64
INCOME. *
Net cash actually received for '
Fire premiums $1,087,831 17
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 44.424 89
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans and
from all other sources 44,433 25
Received for Rents 4,542 28
Received from all other sources... 944 05
Total Income'. $1,181,975 64
EXPENDITURES. ""• ~~
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(including $85,020 56. losses of
previous years) $52188157
Dividends to Stockholders 50 nnn c0
Paid or allowed for Commission or * >w
Brokerage » 224 83S 27
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other •
charges for officers, clerks, etc.. 88 237 44
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes 4 . 49211.H8
All other payments and expendl- ' *^
tures _J02,892 57
Total Expenditures $1,038,061 51
- Fire
Losses Incurred during the year.... $554,874*00
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks "
written during the
year ............... $164,453,500 $1,653 972 00
Net amount of Risks .—».•»•« w
expired during th.e
year 159,510,000 1,540 215 00
Net amount in force ' w^* w
December 31. 1901. 239.617.000 2.2S9.782 00
& S^ VTn:R - Resident,
c v .v .. % Y- H - ST EVENS. -Secretary.
d^eTSSKk'K-SSr to before me thls 18th
. L. B. COOKE. Notary Public
. v Pacific Coast Department.
EDWARD BROWN & SONS
GENERAL AGENTS,
411-13 CALIFORNIA STREET,
. . 8AN CAL.
CTTY^GENT,
; GEORGE H. MURDOCK,
412 California Street.
ST-A-TEiMElSTT
¦ OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE •
AMERICAN FIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF PHILADELPHIA. IN THE STATE OF
Pennsylvania, on the 31st day of Decem-
ber, A. D. 1901, and for the year ending on
that day, as made to the Insurance Commis-
sioner of the State of California, pursuant to
the provisions of sections 610 and 611 of the
Political Code, condensed as per blank fur-
nished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
in Cash $500,000 00
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company.. $397,178 54
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages.. 882,402 55
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company... 796,552 50
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds, Stocks and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral.. 2,700 00
Cash in Company's Office 8,867 74
Cash In Banks 63,133 30
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 7,052 67
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 13,677 80
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion 169,531 00
Ground rents, well secured 19,520 00
Rents due and accrued 265 73
Total assets $2,360,886 S3
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid. ...... $61,693 35
Losses in process of Adjustment or
In Suspense 93,003 73
Losses resisted. Including expenses 23,966 '68
j Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less, $1,039,-
578 11; reinsurance 50 per cent.. 619.789 05
Gross premiums on Fire risks run-
ning more than one year, $875,-
087 63; reinsurance pro rata 419,159 31
Amount reclalmable by the insured
on perpetual fire Insurance poli-
cies 575,309 64
Commissions and Brokerage dua
and to become due 80,351 50
Total Liabilities $1,724,173 26
INCOME. < ~~~"
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums $1,263,029 23
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 48,108 54
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, , Loans, and
from all other sources 36.CC4 37
Received for Rents 8.887 84
Received from all other sources.. 28,650 68
Total Income .$l,3S5,340 71
EXPENDITURES. "
Net amount paid for Fire Losses . .
(including $126,103 04, losses of
previous years) $1,018,183 18
Dividends to Stockholders.' 15.000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission
or Brokerage 264,207 60
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for. officers, clerks, etc.. ¦'¦ 44,100 00
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes 44,561 63
All other payments, and expendi-
tures 163,307 07
Total expenditures. $1,549,359 38
Fire! :¦••
Loeses Incurred during the year, .$1,071,043 90
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
1 written during the
year $158,775,529 $1,836,940 19
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 153,180,261 1,701,209 71
Net ' amount In force ¦ ; • - • "
December 31. 1901.. ,165,143,020 1,914,665 64
' THOS. H. MONTGOMERY. Pres.
RICHARD MARIS. See.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 7th
day of February, 1902.
' H. F. RE ARDON^ Notary- Public.
Pacific Coast Department, ¦•^'•l-.
EDWARD BROWN & SONS,
GBNERAL AGENTS, ;
.411-413 CALIFORNIA STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
CITY AGENTS t : .
C. A. HENRY & CO.,.
215 Sansome Street.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
DELAWARE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OP PHILADELPHIA, IN THE STATE OF
Pennsylvania, on the 31et day of Decem-
ber, A. D. 1901, and for the year ending on
that day, as made to the Insurance Commis-
sioner of the State of California, pursuant to
th« provisions of sections 610 and 611 of the
Political Code, condensed as per blank fur-
nished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
in Cash $702,875 00
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company. . $200,500 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages.. 127,700 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company.. 955,713 01
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds. Stocks and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral.. 50,000 00
Cash in Company's Office 490 14
Cash in Banks 68,515 75
Interest . due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 12,622 57
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 1,795 42
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion 86,634 85
Agents' Balances 39,580 72
Rent due and accrued.. 60S 34
Total Assets $1,544,160 80
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid . .. (700 00
Losses in process of Adjustment
or in Suspense 56,870 00
Losses resisted, Including expenses 1,000 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks
running one year or less, $466,-
409 65; reinsurance 50 per cent.. ¦ 223,204 77
Gross premiums on Fire Risks
running more than one year
$730,312 00; reinsurance pro rata 374,727 45
Amount reclalmable by the insured
on perpetual Fire Insurance Pol-
icies 113,902 79
Cash dividends remaining unpaid. 77 00
Total Liabilities $770,482 01
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for
• Fire premiums $681,162 35
Deposit premiums on perpetual
risks 10,199 92
Received for interest on Bonds and '
Mortgages > 6,297 50
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks-, Loans and
3 from all other sources 41,072 35
Received for Rents 9,820 00
Received from all other sources... 43,822 29
Total Income $792,374 41
EXPENDITURES. " • ¦ ¦ ~~
Net amount, paid for Fire Losses
(including $62,422 89, losses of
previous years) $391,931 Ot
Dividends to Stockholders 21.086 25
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 170,760 67
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other '
charges for officers, clerks, etc 62.575 46
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes • 25,967 71
All other payments and expendi-
tures 67,493 16
Total Expenditures $739,814 29
' ' ' • . FlreT
Losses Incurred during the year... $3S9,242 00
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
I written I during the
year $80,008,090 $890,9S0 41
Net amount . of Risks
expired during the
year .. ... 86,470,435 939,480 80
Net amount in -*force
December .31. 1901.. 110.983.18" 1.157,823 81
CHARLES H. YARNELL. President.
HENRY LYLBURN, Secretary. > .
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 23d
day of January, 1902. ,
RICHARD II. REILLY. Notary Public.
Pacific Coast Department!
EDWARD BROWN & SONS
GENERAL AGENTS, ,
411-413 CALIFORNIA STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
; CITY AGENTS* 'I;'
ROBINSON & NIPPERT,
. 216 Sansome Street*
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE——
CALEDONIAN
AMERICAN
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NEW YORK, IN THE STATE OF NEW
York, on the 31st day of December A. D.
1901. and for the year ending on that day, as
made to the Insurance Commissioner of ' the
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of Sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code
condensed as per blank furnished by tbe Com!
missioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up in
Cag A $200,000 00
ASSETS. ;
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company S292.2OO 00
Cash in Banks .1.. 7059 18
Interest due and accrued on all '
Stocks and Loans j ggj
Premiums in due Course of Collec- '
tion .......••• ..*••••••.......,,. 8 898 88
Due from other Companies for Re- '
insurance on losses already paid.. 8,638 95
Total 'Assets $318,782 42
LIABILITIES. :
Losses adjusted and unpaid . .'. $;j jon 57
Losses in process of Adjustment or
in Suspense 6 52 , - 6
Losses resisted. Including expenses.. 1250 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run- '
ning one year or less. $16,673 00:
reinsurance 60 per cent 7 030 4Q
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, $9043 20-
reinsurance pro rata 6 G71 no
All other liabilities 8,73188
Total Liabilities $33,042 60
INCOME. ""
1 Net cash actually received for Fire
• premiums $51 051 „„
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans and from
all other sources II 890 ff»
Received for profit on realization of
investments • 6 p000 M
Total Income $69,242 3J>
EXPENDITURES. 7 . ,-
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (In-
cluding $27,316 52, losses of pre-
vious years) S86 B7« t>
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage •. 5 632 81
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc... 4 sbh 99
Paid f br State. National and Local
taxes 3,221 60
All other payments and expcndl-
tures 8,995 91
Total Expenditures ...$104,391 86
¦ ' ' ¦'" Fire
Louses Incurred durincr the year. .'..$81,139 81
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the .
year $15,703,775 $160,558 23
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
• year . . 16,184,773 143.850 14
Net amount In force
December 31. 1901.. 2.210,863 24,716 20'
CHAS. H. POST. President. ••¦'
N. A. McNEIL, Secretary,- •
Subscribed and sworn to before me," this
29th day of January. 1902.
H. E. FRANCK. Notary Public.
Pacific Coast Department
323 California Street,
'¦X: : y-. : San Francisco.
GEO. W. BROOKS, THOS. d. CONROY,
' Asst, IMana^er. * '.' Manager.
BALFOUR, GUTHRIE & CO., Directors.
UNITED STATES BBANCH.
ST/VTETVYEINT
OF THE — i —
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
MANCHESTER
ASSURANCE COMPANY
Or MANCHESTER, ENGLAND, ON THE
31 fit day of December, A. D. 1901, and for
the year ending on that day, as made to the
Insurance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of sections
C10 and Oil of the Political Code, condensed
as per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
in Cash $1,000,000 00
ASSETS. ~ ~~~~
Real EEtate owned by Company. . : $4,282 77
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company.. 1,547,320 00
Cash in Company's Office 721 47
Cash in banks 05,272 34
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 5,554 17
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 255,103 43
Bills receivable, not Matured.
taken for Fire and Marine Risks 448 10
Due from other Companies for Re-
insurance on losses already paid. 2S5 29
Due from special agents 205 OS
Total Assets $1,869,192 67
LIABILITIES. — — —
Losses adjusted and unpaid J 79,084 51
Losses in process of Adjustment
or in Suspense 83,39166
Losses resisted. Including expenses 24,048 03
Gross premiums on Fire Risks
running one year or less, $1,080,-
401 43; reinsurance 00 per cent.. 543,200 70
Gross premiums on Fire Risks
running more than one year,
$9S2,9S5 »9; reinsurance pro rata 515,179 97
All other Liabilities 69,097 67
Total Liabilities $1,314,602 44
INCOME. ======Z
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums $1,412,716 83
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans and
from all other sources 57,204 17
Total Income $1,469,921 00
EXPENDITURES. =
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(including- ? 177,911 73, losses of
previous years) ........;....... $1,104,934 68
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 287, C30 43
i Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
! charges for ofneers, clerks, etc.. . 92,274 63
Paid for State, National and Local
! taxes 61,578 75
i AH other payments and expendi-
i tures 92.942 12
Total Expenditures ....$1,629,360 63
I Fire.
' Losses Incurred during the year. .$1,121,596 66
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks -¦;.;'
written during the
year $182,497,461 $2,108,292 83
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 189,348,638 2,121,957 66
Net amount In force
December 31. 1901.. 190,349,213 2,069,387 42
GEO. S. A. YOUNG, U. 8. Manager
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 7th
day of February. 1902.
EDWIN F. COREY.
Commissioner for California.
Pacific Coast Department
323 California Street,
San Francisco.
CEO. W. BROOKS, THOS." «I. CONROY,
Asst. Manager. :,-:.• Manager.
BALFOUR, GUTHRIC & CO. Directors. \
Established 1823.
That's All!
JAKE JOSEPH. ReDresentatlve. 3 00 Battery Street. San Francisco.
UNITED STATES BRAITCH.
STATEMENT
OF THE— —
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
——OB* 'I'tiH
Commercial Union
ASSURANCE COMPANY
OP* LONDON." ENGI*ANT>. ON THE 31ST
lay of December. A. D. 1901. and for th*
year ending 1 on that day, as made to the In-
surance Commissioner of tha State of Califor-
nia, pursuant to the provisions of sections 610
and 611 of the Political Code, condensed aa per
blank furnished by the Commissioner:
CAPITAL^
Capital $12,300,000 00
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
In Cash 1.230.000 M
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company.. 888.143 69
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages.. 232, 500 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company. 1,841,353 CO
Cash In Company's Office 3,984 11
Cash In Banks 403,884 20
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 1,188 89
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and- Mortgages 4,060 41
Premiums In due Course, of Collec-
tion 188.933 19
Bills receivable, not Matured.
. taken for Fire and Marine Risks 6.232 19
Rents dua and accrued 7.701 43
Total Assets $3.973,083 S3
UABILITIE3.
losses adjusted and unpaid.... $118,720 M
Losses In process of Adjustment
or In Suspense 283,960 00
Losses resisted. Including: ex-
penses 23,300 Of
Gross premiums on Fir* Risks
running one . year or less. $2,-
113,221 31; reinsurance DO per
ctnt t,03o.Ud«a
Gross premiums on Flr« Risks
running more than ona year,
$2,030,131 90: reinsurance pro
rata 1,087. 538 87
Gross premiums on Marine and
Inland Navigation Risks. $70,-
049 77: reinsurance 100 per cent. TO. 049 7t
Gros3 premiums on Marine Tint
Risks, $48,027 07: reinsurance
CO per cent .<- 23,013 79
Amount ' reclalmable by th» In-
sured on perpetual fire Insur-
ance policies 100,203 (3
All other demands against tbe
Company 110,347 OT
Total Liabilities ......*. $2.SSS.96S 44
INCOME. — — — —
Net cash actually received for
Fire premiums $2,703,619 29
Net cash actually received for
Marine premiums 173,604 90
Received for Interest on Bonds
and Mortgages 11.264 28
Received for Interest and divi-
dends on Bonds. Stocks. Loans,
and from all oth«r sources 71.730 00
Received for Rents 21,233 24
Total Income $2.933.821 63
EXPENDITURES. " '
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(Including $.. losses
of previous years) $1,818,903 29
Net amount paid for Marine
Losses (including $
losses of previous years) 63,390 63;
Paid or allowed for Commission
or Brokerage 534,607,31
Paid for Salaries, Fees, and other
charges for ofneers. clerks, etc.. 143.387 23
Paid for State. National and Lo-
cal taxes 80,044 63
All other payments and expendr- ,..„¦,,
tures 151.493 M
Total Expenditures $2,822,'930 78
Losses incurred during th» year.. $1,062,533 83
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $333,283,746 $3,777,479 04
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 341.383.434 3.444,072 31
! Net amount in force
i December 31. 1901. 40O.107.02S 4,143.403 21
Risks and Premiums. Mar. Risks, Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year J47.832.1S0 $230.406 43
Net amount of Risks m* ' r
expired during th< ¦. ' "\ .«- ¦ ,''•
year 46,243,084 200.763 61
Net amount In force
December 31. 1901. 3.3S4.S58J 92.306 ?H
A. H. "WRAY, Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 22d
day of March. 1902
MICHAEL J. QTJINN. Notary Public.
Pacific Coast Branch
416-418 California St.,
San Francisco*
E. T. ISIEBUNG, C. F.MULLINS,
Asst. Manager. Manager.
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
OB* THB " "*i
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
PHffiNIX
ASSURANCE COMPANY, Limited,
OF LONDON. ENGLAND. OX THB 3191
day of December, A. D. 1901, and for tat
year ending on that day. as mad* to the- Irv-
surance Commissioner of tha State of Califor-
nia, pursuant to the provisions of sections 619
and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as par
blank furnished by tha Commissioner:
ASSETS. ,
Cash market valu» of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company. . $2.228. 07S 71
Cash In Company's Office n «•
Cash In Banks 21.629 4i
Interest due and accrued oa all
Stocks and Loans 23,853 73
Cash In hands of U. S. Trustees. «51.992 24
Premiums in due Course ot Col-
lection • 153.753 93
Due from other Companies for re- .
Insurance on losses already paid. 12.873 54
Total Assets $2,897,068 21
LIABILITIES. ===3
Losses adjusted and unpaid $110,768 00
Losses In process of Adjustment or
In Suspense •...••- 802,972 00
Losses resisted. Including expenses. 18.233 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning . one year or less. $2,012.-
814 93; reinsurance 50 per cent. 1,006,407 49
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. $1,603,-
6CO 87; reinsurance pro rata..... 829,217 03
All other liabilities 194,410 33
Total Liabilities $2,480,000 73
INCOME. — — —
N«t cash actually received for Firs
premiums $2,901,247 SI
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans, and
from all other sources 78,123 70
Total Income $2,977,371 51
EXPENDITURES. . :
Net- amount paid for Fire Losses
(including $454,023 00. losses of r* ;;
previous years) ...... •••••.$1,838.23362
Paid or allowed for Commission
or Brokerage 509,507 77
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerk.?, etc 142,221 S3
PaW for State. National and Lo- S0
cal taxes • 74,730 23
All other payments and expendi-
tures 327.904 41
Total Expenditures $2,890,653 93
Fire.
Losses Incurred during the year.. $1,950,323 40
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Met amount of Risks
written durlnjr the
year $440.8SS,755 $4,183,960 08
Net amount of Risks
expired during .th*
year ..".-... 402.7S1.7SJ 3,537,09e C3
Net amount in force
De<»niber 31. 1901. 340.001,008 3.616.415 30
A. D. IRVING. Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me- thla
28th d«.y of January. 1902.
GEO. O. RUGER. Notary Public.
BUTLER & HEWITT,*!
AGENTS,
413 California Street,
San Francisco, Cal.
' ADVERTISEMENTS. &*>'¦ : "j '
I !.•.... T q cALL SUBSCRIBERS ONLY. f M# * I
{ ••©©©©•••••••••©•©©©©••©•©•©©••••••©••©••••oo J
I Every person contracting to take The Call for six (6) months can secure a $15.00 SET 07 f
I "OUR ISLANDS AND THEIR PEOPLE" j
i For$3.20. I
\ Books will be expressed to subscribers upon receipt of $3.20. Expressage at subscriber's expense. {
9 Cannot be "bought elsewhere for less than the regular subscription price of $15. "¦•
9 AN INVALUABLE ADDITION TO EVERY LIBRARY! ' \
\ AN ORNAMENT TO ANY DRAWING HO OM! -:..". . J
» A SOURCE OF INSTRUCTION AND ENTERTAINMENT for old and young, yielding the de- (
• lights of travel without its inconvenience*. . €
1 THE CALL'S SPECIAL OFFER. j
| AS SEEN WITH CAMERA AND PENCIL. J
| . INTRODUCED BY ' ~ ' J
Kj MAJOR-GENERAL JOSEPH WHEELER, «
| • UNITED STATES ARMY. ., *
P With Special Descriptive Matter and Narratives by " ' |jf As t , f
\ . JOSE IDE OLIV^I^ES, "^ }
ff The Noted Author and War Correspondent. * fl
9 Author of "The Trocha Telegraph," "The Curse of Lopez," "The Last of The Anguilles," and other West Indian |
9 ' Stories. . J
9 .•;.'¦ . ' . «
'embracing perfect photographic and descriptive representations of the S
9 PEOPLE AND THE ISLANDS LATELY ACQUIRED FROM SPAIN, INCLUDING HAWAII «
| AND THE PHILIPPINES; ALSO THEIR MATERIAL RESOURCES AND PRODUC- «
I TIONS, HOMES OF THE PEOPLE. THEIR CUSTOMS AND GENERAL AP- J
1 PEARANCE, WITH MANY HUNDRED VIEWS OF LANDSCAPES, $
I RIVERS, VALLEYS, HILLS AND MOUNTAINS, SO COM- 2
| PLETE AS TO PRACTICALLY TRANSFER THE ISL- 2
| . ANDS AND THEIR PEOPLE TO THE . «
I . PICTURED PAGE. i
| With a special consideration of the conditions that prevailed before the declaration of war, by Senators Proctor, S
| Thurston, Money and numerous prominent writers and correspondents, and a comparison with conditions ad 2
j they now exist. - . ¦ ¦ |
*' Edited and arranged by j q
\ WM. S. BPt^"^.3^T, J
% Author of "Footprints of the World's History," "Heroes and Heroines of America,'' "America's -War for Hn- 5
Z . ' manity," Etc., Etc. f
» PHOTOGRAPHS BY . j I
I WALTER B. TOWNSEND, FRED. W. FOUT, GEO. E. DOTTER AND OTHERS. J
» . ' — '¦ — I '¦¦ . " T" i
9 COMPLETE IN TWO QUARTO VOLUMES. - • :« <
I REGULAR PRICE $J5.oo PER SET. SPECIAL TO CALL READERS $3.20 PER SET. {
> Superbly illustrated with more than Twelve Hundred Special Photographs, Colortypes and new Colored Maps. (
ICN. B. — Only subscribers to Daily Call are entitled to these books at premium rate. All mail orders g
I must be accompanied by $3.20, and books will be shipped by express, the cost of transportation to be paid by {
9 subscriber at ¦ destination. - ' 4
» ¦ . ... r :¦ ' . ¦ • fTACOMA, June 2. — The new (steamship
Georgia was launched from. the Hardy ship
building yards this afternoon. The Georgia is
110 feet long and has a 22-foot beam. She will
K0 on the Sound run.
Late Shipping Intelligence.
. . ' DOMESTIC PORTS. .
SEATTLE — Sailed June 2 — Stmr Discovery,
for, Golovin Bay; schr James H. Bruce, for
• Arrived Jutie! ' 1— Stmr Rainier, from San
Francisco; stmr Seattle, from Skagway; stmr
Chlco, from Valdes.
Arrived June 3 — Stmr City of Topeka, from
Skasway. QCEAN STEAMERS. |\
' NEW YORK— Arrived June 2 — Stmr Moltke,
from Hamburg, Boulogne and Southampton.
Madeleine Lucette Ryley evidently had
Maude Fealy in mind when she wrote
"My Lady Dainty." The star at the
Grand Opera-house is certainly a dainty
little person, and a clever actress, and the
authoress in this particular play has af
forded Miss Fealy ample opportunity to
display Her versatility.- Last night at the
end of the second act the audience was
so pleased that the curtain had to be
raised to give It a second glimpse of tbe
Grand Opera-House.
The ninth week of "Fiddle Dee Dee" at
Fischer's Theater was opened last evening
with a crowded house. The" fun-makers
kept the. audience in .a roar of laughter
from soon after the curtain. went up for
the first time until the close of the per
formance. The singing and dancing were
good. All the work was abreast of. that
of previous evenings. The signs lead to
the conclusion that Fiddle Dee Dee" la
good to run just as long as the manage
ment sees fit to keep it on.
Fischer's.
OAKLAND, June 2. — Licenses to marry
were issued to-day . to Harold St. Law
rence Farr, aged 20 years, and Blanche
W Sharon, 20, both of Oakland; Frank
C Nevis 27, and Mae E. Lewis. 22, both
of Pleasanton; William C. Shipley, 30,
Calaveras County, and Anna S. Hilde
brandt 30, Alameda; Peter E. Leoni, 30,
Stockton, and Anna E. Winger, 23, Coul
tcrville- Maurice J. Fitzgerald, over 21.
and Adelina F. Ferle, over 18, both of
Oakland; Thurston Hudson, over 21, and
Harriet M. Baxter, over 18, both of Oak
land 1 Marion F. Oliver, over 21. and Min
nie M Griffith, over IS, both of Oakland;
\rdrew Whelton, 35, San Leandro, and
Annie M. Stanton, 27, Castro Valley; Wil
liam H Cardlnell, 22, and Rebecca Tay
lor "4 both of San Francisco; Charles W.
Free'ze, 33, and Gertrude Irene Knight, 19,
bcth of'San Francisco; George I. Brlnefc
erhoff over^.21, and Augusta Klose, over
18 both of Oakland; Adolph P. Muller, ti,
San Francisco, and Caroly J. NJelson, 21,
Mount Eden.. .
Licensed to Marry.
"The Sidewalks of New York," a cyclo
nnna of city life, illuminated by charac
ters found on the streets of the metropo
lis, was presented at the Central Theater
last evening. The play is full of sensa
tional and spectacular features. Comedy
in the slums and .tragedy in the mansions
of the rich are depicted. High dives are
made into the East River and rescues are
made in the latest approved style. The
members of the company are right at
home in this melodrama. Specialties are
numerous and add to the interest in the
play. Reyna Belasco, aged six, aston
ished the audience by her wonderful buck
and wing and clog dancing; the Paloma
quartet, composed of young ladies ren
dered catchy airs, and "Billy" Bray ren
dered some "ragtime" melodies. The
whole strength of the Central company
is enlisted in the production, and the
character parts are all in good hands
Earle Brown, as the banker's secretary'
is the hero, and. Fanny Mclntyre, wife of
the bankers wayward . son, the heroine
James Corrigan is especially effective &k
McGurk, "the king of the bums," and
Georgie Cooper cuts a shine as Jane Ann
Cuddy, an Upper Broadway belle The
audience waa unstinted in Its apnlaus^
and the performance wa3 enjoved
throughout. ¦* u
Central.
A well, arranged programme entertained
large audiences at the Chutes at both
performances yesterday. Jeanette Lau
relle presented a serpentine revolving
pedestal dance, a novelty never before
staged and one that is bound to make a
big Eastern ancr European hit. The light
and picture effects in the act are beautiful
and ingenious. Dooley and Fowley are
capital black face comedians and sing and
dance in a way that, compels encores.
Luella Montague's educated cats display
wonderful intelligence, and the Lamonts
give a neat parlor acrobatic act. Bacon
and Vane, operatic sigers; Davis and De
Hearde, colored comedians, and the ani
matoscope, with a new assortment of
moving pictures, complete the bill. Col
onel Edward Beaupre. the tallest man on
earth, continues to be a great attraction.
A big surprise is in store for Thursday,
amateur night. , '
Chutes.
Prince of Monaco Secures Separation
PARIS, June 2.— A dispatch received
this afternoon from Monaco confirms the
report published by the Petit Journal this
morning that at the instance . of the
Prince of Monaco the courts of, the prin
cipality have decreed the judicial separu-*
tion of the Prince and Princess of Monaco,
who formerly was Alice, Dowager Duch
ess of Richelieu, a daughter of Michael
Heine, a banker of New Orleans, La.
"The Red Knight" went more smoothly
at the California Theater last night. Mr.
Proadhurst made many changes for the
better and the audience enjoyed the plav
It bids fair to crowd the theater the rest
2" th f. week> ' Tne Production has been
beautifully staged and the members of
the Neill dompany strive to please, and
succeed well.
California.
in strong lines for Miss Kidder and she
makes the most of them. Had Mr. Syle
and the great French novelist collaborated
with the idea of writing a one-role play
for Miss Kidder they could not have suc
ceeded better. Her speeches are long, and
she delivers them with dramatic fire.
Alcazar.
The last week of the clever stock com
pany at the Alcazar was commenced last
night, when the well-known comedy
"His Wife's Father" was presented. The
selection was a happy one, as each of the
characters was admirably suited to the
member portraying it. The play is a
satire upon the father-in-law, who can
not understand why his daughter should
care more for her husband than for him
and meddles in the young couple's affairs
till a serious estrangement ensues be
tween them and he is brought to his
senses. George Osbourne, as Buchanan
Billings, the father, was all that could
be desired. He was honored with several
deserved curtain calls. M. L. Alsotr, as
his son-in-law, was most effective, and
played the part with rare Judgment and
discretion. Howard Scott, as Billings'
sensitive brother-in-law. and Henry.
Shumer, as his son, were excellent. Frank
Bacon did a clever -piece of character
work as Matt, the faithful servant.
Marion Convere was sprightly and charm
ing as Nellie, the daughter, and Oza
Waldrop played Kitty Canary with her
usual brightness and vivacity. Lillian El
liott gave an admirable and convincing
representation of the part of Mrs. Can
ary. The other parts were well sus
tained. Next week Florence Roberts, the
clever star, will commence her engage
ment.
Orpheum.
Murphy and Slater, colored singers and
dancers, seemed to have quite the best
of it in the way of applause at the Or
pheum last night. Their dances in par
ticular are new and clever. The audience
had them nearly worn out before it would
allow them to retire. Lotta Gladstone In
her characterization of the "Quaint Coun
try Girl," also was highly successful in
pleasing her hearers. Her infectious
laughter and amusing Imitations would
make any one forget his troubles. Peter
V. Dailey and his company in "A Dress
Rehearsal" are just as great favorites as
when they first came to town. Something
else that is very funny la "Hogan of the
Hansom," presented by Walter Le Roy
and Florence Claytcn. The banjo play-
Ing of Wilbur Hill and Willette Whitaker
STARS OF THE THEATRICAL
WORLD NOW APPEARING IN
THIS CITY.
"The Toymaker," with its innumerable
funny situations, its ludicrous characters,
its really splendid scenic effects and its
catchy songs, was revived last night at
the Tivoli. The revival was greeted by a
crowded house, which was kept in an al
most continual uproar of laughter during
the entire performance. ; Ferris Hartman
is inimitable in his interpretation of the
character of Johanus Guggenheimer, the
old toy manufacturer, and managed to in
troduce a world of Quaint fun into the
play. He also sings two songs that are
very amusing. One of the. features of the
play that is specially worthy of note be
cause of its picturesque costuming and
the splendid singing which accompanies
it is the scene in the monastery, both in
the first and last acts. The excellent chorus
of male voices', led by Arthur Cunning
ham, in which the monks sing their
songs, are truly delightful to hear. Fran
ces Graham as Frau Guggenheimer re
ceived a hearty round of well-merited ap
plause for her clever singing. Annie
Myers makes a very charming doll and
sustains her part, which is a very difficult
one, in the most commendable manner
Ali the remaining parts are well careci
for, and "The Toymaker" promises *o
have a flattering run. >•¦¦ "'
Tivoli.
Mis3 Mary Coyle. Miss IC. "Wood. Mrs. C.
Gorman, Miss Margaret Sallerty. Mrs. "W. H.
Barry, Helen Holleran. Mrs. W. J. Harrington,
Mrs. M. J. J.ennon, Mrs. John . J. Mahoney,
Mary Riley. Mary Fitzgerald, Ceclia Graves,
Florence Graves, Mrs. Dixson, Mrs. J. T. Cos
grove, Mrs. Mary Pendergast, Mrs. J. Harri
gan, Mrs. Code, Miss Oredlor Miss Quinn, Mlsa
W. Gafteney. Miss Alice Code. Mrs. McGlade.
Miss Nonie Sullivan. Miss Genevieve Sullivan.
Misses Kate and Nellie Rattlcan. Mary An
thony, Amelia Canepa, Katiu Robmson. Alice
Purves. Genevieve McCarty, Eleanor Sheehy,
Mae Sullivan. Rose Hussey, May Callaghan,
Mary Kindergan, Kate Cantwell, Mrs. J. J.
Handley, Mrs. M.V. Sullivan, Mrs. L. A. Flynn,
Mrs. T. D. Sullivan, Miss K. Wood, Mr3. AV.
C. Roberts. Mrs. M. M. Mehern. Rev. Father
Barry. Miss S. Dougherty, Mrs. A. W. Martin.
Mrs. Mary Hogan. Mrs. AV. F. Laumeister,
May Paunanade Grace H. Dixon, Alice Me-
Guire. Nellie O'Malley. Gertrude McCarthy,
Kate Holleran.' Margaret Rattigan. Mary Mc-
Carthy. May Flood. Margaret Philbon, Kate
Haggerty and May Mallgon.
The golden jubilee of St. Vincent's
school at 671 Mission street was celebrated
in an interesting manner last night.
About 100 Iadie3 were present and took
part in the observance of the anniversary
of the founding of the alumnae of the
graduates of the institution. Mrs. Con
Kennedy presided and acted as toast-mis
tress. ' »
The following named took part in the
entertainment :
Is Fittingly Cele
brated.
Golden Jubilee of St. Vincent's School
Local Divisions Axe Preparing for
Their Outing at Schuetzen Park
on July 4. .
The various divisions of the Ancient
Order of Hibernians are! making extensive
arrangements for their annual reunion
and picnic to be held at Schuetzen Park
near San Rafael on July 4.
This annual reunion is looked forward
to by the members of the order and their
families as a gala day. "• ¦
The committees have arranged for many
athletic events-running, jumping, weight
throwing, tug of war, Irish football and
many other events which promise to be
keenly contested. ..
The old and ever-popular Irish jig and
reel will be one of the main events. The
memory of those who witnessed this Old
pastime m the cross roads of the old
land will go back to their younger days,
recalling many happy events.
Several juvenile dancers will compete,
and special prizes are offered them.
There are numerous gate and game
prizes, the first gate prize being $100 in
The open air programme will consist of
an address by County President J. J. Don
ohue A. O. H.; poem specially prepared
for the occasion; reading of Declaration
of Independence, oration and patriotic
songs by chorus of 100 voices.
The commutes are as follows*: .
Music— f-T • J- Norton (chairman), J. "W.
Shinkwin, M. H. McCafferty, J. P. Disnan.
'names— -T. ' . L - Clancy (chairman), J. H.
O'Brien, Ed Noonan, P. B. Mahoney, James
1 Floor— J P. Disnan (chairman)^ J. F. Ren
ault, T. E. Dunning, N. Morrissy, J. C.
R^Printing and> Publicity — Thomas Doyle
(chairman), P. J. Kelleher, J. C. Ryan Sr., T.
L. Clancy, Joseph Fanning.
'jteception-^Frank Conklin (chairman), J. J.
Donahue John Heenan, D. Fitzpatrick. T. P.
O'Dowd, J. Kenny, D. Barry, Thomas Doyle,
P J Kelleher.
'Orator and Poet — Rev. D. O. Crowley, J. H.
Maginnis, J. McGulgan, F. Boland, M. J. Mc
() r( j er _Lp. Murphy (chairman), John Brennah,
M J Fitzgerald, John Shea, C. J. Collins.
Auditing— John Heenan, M. J. Pierce, J. F.
General Committee — J. C. Ryan (chairman),
Thomas Doyle (secretary), M. H. McCafferty
(treasurer). . ¦--
is exquisite. Their work is in reality quite
out of the ordinary. Stuart Barnes, singer
and monologist, experiences no difficulty
in making the members of the audience
hold their sides in laughter. Irene Frank
lin sings several songs to the evident sat
isfaction of her hearers. The two Little
Pucks do a singing and dancing turn,
which is pleasing to those who enjoy
juvenile performances. For next week,
among other features, the motogirl is an
nounced as something novel and mys
terious.
FRAXCILLOK" is a play that gives
Kathryn Kidder the opportunity
of her life. She is, to use a col
loquial expression, "the whole
show." When she is off the stage
the words uttered by her support seem
commonplace and their actions uninterest
ing. The role of Francine Comtesse de
Reverolles allows her to display the tal-
Itnts she undoubtedly possesses. The rest
cf the company are mere feeders to her
.-¦uccess.
; The play is an adaptation of Alexander
Dumas' powerful novel, "Francillon."
Like all French plays, it borders on the
immoral. The lines are unfit to be heard
by young people.
The plot is quickly told. A jealous wife
warns her husband, who has tired of her,
that if he returns to his mistress she will
s-eeure a lover. She carries out her threat
and informs him of it. He thereupon be
comes enraged and cries at the injustice
of it. The delicate subject is discussed
with an abandon that is shocking. Tbe
actors da net mince words and the au
dience waits expectantly for epigrams that
are two-edged in their meaning.
After seeing Miss Kidder play the in
jured wife, who seeks a novel revenge,
the audience might be almost ready to be
lieve, as she declares: "Men are all alike
— liars and cowards"; that "men are liars
and women are fools, an^l fools and liars
make up this world." The play abounds
petite star. Miss Fealy is well supported,
the work of Gardner Crane and Herschell
Mayall in the leading male parts being
particularly good. Little JacK. Robinson
is just as pleasing as any of the grown
people in the cast, and H. D. Byer makes
the best of the few opportunities offered
him to shine. Lillian Albertson and Mar
garet Terry both help to make "My Lady
Dainty" a success. • ¦ '
'rtie vessel also carried 3C16 gals wine and 244
gals brandy, valued at $2085, en route to Min
neapolis, Minn.
11,500 lbs dried fruits, 638 pkgs fresh fruits,
202 pkgs fresh vegetables, 2072 lbs oilcake
meal, 34,320 lbs malt, 22,1158 lbs beans, 1000 lbs
cheese, 2G20 lbs butter, 4 cylinders gas, 32 pkgs
paste, 2 bales dry goods, 1050 lbs and 15 cs
meal, 1254 gals and 23 cs' wine, 014 lbs nuts,
1252 lbs leaf tobacco, 2 cs and 04 gals black
berry brandy, 127 cs canned goods, 50 pkgs gro
ceries and provisions, 200 tins matches, 27 bdls
iron, 33 bdls steel, 5 pkgs arms and ammuni
tion, 40O lbs shrimps, 21 pkgs paints and oils,
8 pkgs nails, 4 bales twine, 5 bdls sheepskins,
1 cs electrical goods, . 41 pkgs potatoes, 91 pkgs
onions, 4 pkgs machinery, 217 lbs hams and
bacon,
The steamer Queen, which sailed on Satur
day for Victoria, carried an assorted merchan
dise cargo valued at $11,301, to be landed at the
principal British Columbaln ports. Among the
leading exports were the following:
Exports, to British Columbia.
2S7 bbls flour, 41 ctls wheat, 414 ctls barley,
79,015 lbs bran, 85,716 lbs middlings, 285 pkgs
¦ drugs, 71 pkgs bottled beer, 1842 pkgs gro
ceries and provisions, 76 pkgs machinery, 207
bales dry goods, 08 pkgs manufactured tobacco,
3175 lbs fresh meats, 28 pkgs electrical goods,
C51 bdls paper, 18,407 lbs and 5 cs tobacco,
8678 lbs soda, C277 lbs beans, 77 pkgs confec
tionery and candies, 60,641. lbs rice, -876. cs
canned goods, 18(i5 lbs butter, (5802 lbs cheese,
11,522 lbs hams and bacon, 5201 lbs and 50
tins bread, 532 lbs oil cake meal, 10 cs choco
late. 13,480 lbs codfish, 10,500 lbs lard, 35 bxs
candles, 45,900 lbs malt, 340 lbs tea. 2370 lbs
I coffee, 25 pkgs steel, itiO pkgs boots and
! shoes, 7 pkgs rubber goods, 57 pkgs stationery,
j 14S3 pkgs potatoes, 176 pkgs onions, 45."}8 lbs
nuts, 34 cs eggs, 4S5 gals alcohol, 87 pkgs liq
uors, 13G7 pkgs fresh fruits and vegetables,
405(i gals-and 31 da wine, 101 pkgs meal, 7 pkgs
agricultural implements, (£? ctls grain,' 24 pkgs
spices, 246 gals and 5 cs whisky, 176 bdls iron,
0 bales twine, 201 pUgs paints and oils, 2138
lbs shrimps, 4G92 lbs starch,' 152 bxs soap, 76
bxs raisins, 20 cs hats, 7250 lbs corn, 5 cylin
ders gas, 47 pes pipe, 5 cylinders ammonia, 75
pkgs paste, 10 pkgs sewing machines, 0 bales
leather, 10 bbls salmon, 4704. lbs dried fruits,
03,295 lbs rolled barley, 2250 lbs salt.
The steamer Alameda, which sailed on Sat
urday for ' KonbluTur "<*rrfe3 -«t"""^eneral~cafgo
valued at flf>J,tiOQ. The .cargo Included the
following merchandise and produce:
Shipping Merchants.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
HIBERNIANS MAKING
READY FOR REUNION
At a noon wedding yesterday Miss
Juliette Mergenthaler and Arthur D.'
Davidson were united in marriage. The
ceremony was performed by Rev. E. Ne
lander of the First Lutheran Church. The
bride was attended by .Miss Vallie
Harder, maid of honor, and two brides
maids. Miss Mabel Dopklng and Miss
Lena Stangenberger. W. A. Anderson
acted as best man. The ushers were
Adolph Huguenin and Julius Lemle. The
wedding breakfast was given at the home
of the bride's sister, Mrs. Gerhardt, 1209
Fulton street. The bridal toilette was
c» zrf- ISS FLORENCE DOANE, the
AVAl bride-elect, was guest of honor
i W 11 last evenin & at a dinner given.
A V IA. by Miss Amy Dunn at her res
idence, 2800 Devisadero strett..
Covers were laid for twelve, and the deco
rations were carried put in the colors to
be used at the wedding on Thursday of
this week, when Miss Doane will become
the bride of Charles Farrell, editor
of the. Dramatic Review.
Reinsurance Rates.
Reinsurance on the British ship Crown of
Scotland was advanced yesterday to 15 per
cent and on the French ship Charlemagne the
rate was raised to 60 per cent. .
Fire broke out in the galley of the river
steamer Dawson City at Washington-street
wharf and but for the promptness of Colonel
Thomas Burgoyne of the Chief Wharfinger's
staff would have wrought considerable damage.
¦\Vhile those aboard thu vessel were a waiting
the arrival of the Fire Department Burgoyn;
shouldered a patent flre extinguisher, marched
boldly to the seat of the fire and extinguished
the blaze. When Cai>tain Brown arrived on
the flre tug Governor Irwin there was nothing
for him to do beyond helping the colonel re
store the fire-extinguisher to the Chief Wharfin
ger's office.
Fire on Dawson City.
Mrs. Louis P. Mendham and daughter,
Lucille, of New York, are the guests of
Mrs. Edwin Oscar Burns.
Mrs. S. Grant Goucher of Los Angeles
is visiting San Francisco.
WOMEN GRADUATES MEE*T
AT BANQTTET BOARD
Mr. and Mrs. J. C. Owens announce the
engagement of their daughter Emma to
Arthur B. Babcock. The wedding will
take place the middle of June.
Colonel L. H. Clement gave a card par
ty at his rooms at the Hotel Bella Vista
Thursday evening to his nephew. Dr. C.
; Earl Clement. The hours passed very
''pleasantly with seven-hai.ded euchre. A
musical programme was rendered during
the evening- Those present were: Mrs.
Mary W. Denver, the Misses Bender, Miss
King, Miss Jones. Miss Holt. Miss Davtes,
Miss Buck, Miss Fish, Miss Hickman,
Miss Giffard; Miss Parker, Miss Edwards,
Colonel Philip Reade, U. S. A.; Dr. R.
Herbert Clement, Dr. C. Earl Clement,
Mr. Morgason, Mr. Harrison, Mr. Little
hale, Mr. Cunningham. Mr. Dayton, Mr.
Doble, Mr. Camack, Mr. Smith and Mr.
Heilbron.
Mrs. George R. Wells and party have
arrived safely home after a delightful
trip to Tahiti and other islands of the
Pacific. The party included Miss • Marie
Wells, Miss Marie Oge, Miss Juanita
Wells and Mrs. Florence Boyer. Mrs.
Boyer's mother, Mrs. Morrow, has been
awaiting them at San Mateo.
Lieutenant and Mrs. Frank E. Young re
turned from their wedding trip and held
their first post-nuptial reception on Sat
urday evening at the Russ House, which
was largely attended. The bride was Miss
Blanche F. Flowers, a popular society girl
of Helena, Montana.
9 '
white moire, with a long veil of white
tulle. The bouquet was Easter lilies.
Miss Harder was gowned in white or
gandie over taffeta, and carried Marechal
Niel roses. The bridesmaids wore thin
white frocks and carried pink roses.
The journeymen barbers met last night
and considered reports regarding their
new wage schedule, which is to go into
effect next Monday. The indications are
that the schedule will be accepted by a
majority of the roaster barbers, although
a few of the smaller men will continue to
hold out on the ground that they cannot
afford to meet the raise. During the week
these men will be Interviewed by a com
mittee of the barbers and informed that
the schedule must be accepted.
The boxmakers and sawyers met last
night and considered their new wage
schedule, which is to go into effect im
mediately if it can be accomplished.
President Goff of the Labor Council ad
drttsed the union upon the subject and
advised the men to remain firm In their
tight tor better pay. He assured them of
the support of the Labor Council to th*
last extremity- The election of officer*
resulted in the "following selections: Pres
ident, W. Mindhan; vice president, J a.
Wilson; recording secretary, M. F
O'Brien; financial secretary, F. Slater*
trea&uier, C. Amrhein; trustee, A. King;
delegates to the Labor Council— C. Amr
fcein and J. A. Wilson.
Carpi-nters" Union No. 483, which is a
brotherhood organization, met last night,
but no action with reference to the reso
lution adopted by the Builders' Protective
Association Saturday evening was taken.
It was through the mediumship of tht>
association that an armistice was de
clared, and that body is hopeful of ulti
mately securing peace. The District
Council of the brotherhood will meet to
night, when the matter will be formally
taken up. Just what action the brother
hood men will take in the premises re
mains to be seen. The signs for a perma
nent settlement of the controversy, which
involves the right of unions affiliated with
the Building Trades Council to belong to
the Labor Council or any other central
body, are excellent.
The warring factions of the carpenters*
will rest on their oars until July 1, when
the proposition of referring the rescisioa
of clause 3 of the constitution of the
Building Trades Council will be finally
acted upon. In the interim the union men
of the building trades will work with the
brotherhood carpenters, the result being
renewed operations all along the line.
The opinion prevailed at the conference
that any movement in the direction of the
changes in the tariff schedules would dis
turb business conditions and complicate
the coming campaign.
Suggestions as to the tariff revision have
been made to the President by Republi
can opponents to reciprocity with Cuba,
these Congressmen representing that to
change the tariff on one product like
sugar, affecting the beet sugar interests
only, without making changes in other
schedules, would have a disastrous effect
in their States. Some members represent
ing sugar States, and who have seen the
President recently, told him that they
were willing to have a general tariff re
vision, but were opposed to a change on
one article only, as would be the practical
effect of the proposed Cuban reciprocity
legislation:
The members of the campaign commit
tee concurred in the view that no tariff
legislation was necessary and, moreover,
any change would be harmful. They said
they were confident of success on the is
sues as made up and to be made up on
pending legislation.
The Representatives left the conference
some time before the Senators and then
with the latter the President discussed in
detail the outlook for Cuban reciprocity
and especially the stand taken by the con
ference of Senators which met in Senator
Elkins' room to-day. The Senators ex
pressed the opinion that the plan which
the Elkins conference offers as a com
promise will not meet the requirements of
the situation. Continued efforts will be
made to unite the Republicans of the
Senate upon the Spooner plan for a 20
per cent reduction for five years, with
power given the President to annul the
concession if it be found that it goes to
any persons other than the Cuban sugar
growers and planters. It was stated at.
the White House to-night that all the men
who attended the conference at the Cap
itol to-day will not stand out against this
plan, especially if a Republican caucus
indorses it.
All of those present were decidedly op
posed to tariff revision, ei.ther.now or at
ihc short session, the view being ex
pressed that revision was unnecessary,
and that, furthermore, there was no time
for it.
Those present included members of the
Finance Committee of the Senate, th«
"Ways and Means Committee of the House
and of the Republican ' Congressional
campaign committee. The suuject un
der discussion was penciing legislation
and iis relation. to the coming campaign.
M lie chief reason for the assemblage, now
evtr, was the tariff, the discussion turn
ing upon the advisability of attempting
any revision now or of talcing them up in
committee during the recess of Congress
with- a 'view of presenting a measure in
tne short session.
WASHINGTON, June 2.— A conference
was held at the White House to-night
a«d was attended by leading Republicans
of. both houses, the President inviting
them to return. There were present Sen
ators Allison, Aldrich, Hanna, Platt of
Connecticut and Spooner, Representatives
Payne, Cannon, Dalzell, Babcock, Hull,
Sherman and Overstreet and Postmaster
General Payne,
Fear Changa in Schedule
Would Disturb Business
Conditions.
Barbers' New Waga Schedule
Goes Into Effect Next
Monday.
Republican Legislators
Hold Conference at
White House.
Kathryn Kidder Has a Congenial Role— "The Red Knight" Goes
More Smoothly at Calfornia — Other Productions.
Carpenters Will Work
in Harmony for a
Period.
DECLARE PEACE
FOR A MONTH
TARIFF REVISION
IS NOT FAVORED
"FRANCILLON" AN IMMORAL PLAY
BUT IS SPLENDIDLY PRESENTED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 3, 1902. l
Gives Dinner in Honor of Charming Fiancee of
Charles Farrell, Editor of Dramatic Review.
MISS AMY GUNN FETES
MISS FLORENCE DOANE
YOUNG WOMAN WELL-KNOWN IN
MUSICAL CIRCLES WHO WILL
MARRY JOURNALIST.
9
ADVEETISEMENTS.
. ADVERTISEMENTS.
13 o*
the> soap for fair,
white hands, bright
clear complexion,
soft, healthful skin.
SrM «.li tJ«H world.
This signature ia on every box of the genuine
Laxative Bromo-Quinine Tablet*
th j remedy that cures a cola in one day*
Bight.
FOOD AND GIRLS.
Study Doesn't Hurt if They Are Fed
Some time ago one of the ladies' papers
published a long list of extracts from
litters from mothers speaking of broken-
down schoolgirls. True, overwork and too
much confinement is largely responsible,
but. on the other hand, if the girl is fed
on the right kind of food to rebuild the
daily waste she can stand more work.
and the matter of food is the real foun-
dation of the subject.
A 17-year-old girl writes from Caro,
Mich., about how a change in food helped
her: "I am only a schoolgirl 17 years old.
but I am old enough to appreciate what
the wonderful brain food Grape-Nuts has
dene for me. About two years ago my
health became very poor and I was. un-
able to study, and finally obliged to leave
echool.
"I was put on Grape-Nuts Breakfast
Food. In about three months I recovered
my strength, my mind became much more
clear and acute and I was able to resume
echool work.
"1 continued to use Grape-Nuts until I
discovered that I was getting too fat. I
gained so much in weight that I had to
discontinue it. It is the best food I ever
heard of for building up a broken-down
system.
"I have an aunt who went to India as a
missionary, and while there she was ill
four times with Indian fever and became
a mere skeleton. When she returned here
her muscles were as flabby as could be.
ghe was put .on Grape-Xuts Breakfast
Food and quickly recovered. Her mus-
cles grew hard and firm and she entirely
regained her health, has greatly increased
In weight and never knows a sick day
now. She is still eating Grape-Nuts, and
eays she would not do without the food
for anything.
"I can never say enough in praise of
your wonderful food." Name given by
Postum Co., Battle Creek, Mich.
Aek the cook to show you the recipe
book In the package of Grape-Nuts.
GRAPE-NUTS.
HOSTETTER'S
STOMACH BITTERS
Is a specific remedy for ailments
of the stomach, liver and bowels,
and is backed by hundreds of
voluntary testimonials. We
would therefore urge every suf-
ferer from Indigestion, Dyspep-
sia, Flatulency, Constipation,
Headache cr Liver and Kidney
Trouble to try it. It will cure
you. For sale by druggists, with
our Private Stamp over the neck
of the bottle. Avoid substitutes.
Munyon's Rheumatism Cure!
No remedy has cured so many of Rheu- W
matlsm. Gout and Lumbasu as has my \\
| Rheumatism Cure. Try it- and then bid M
good-bye to crutches; canes and paiaa. H
It does not put the disease to sleep, but H
drives it from the system. Relieves pain m
In from one to three hours, and cures
generally before one vial has been used. ;
Munyon's Witch Hazel Soap makes the
skin soft as velvet. 15c. Sold everywhere.
: Munyon's Inhaler Cures Catarrii.
Send for Guide to Health Book free,
; New York. ?
visit DR. JORDAN'S great*
OF ANATOMY#
A Q) i::ii£J.E2irK.t»t6±i7'ji,s.?.C4:. A
\ XST The Largest Anatomical Museum in the \
& Biafe^k «<»'<!¦ weakne*«e» or any contracted A
i. R£r«Sy *«»« po.ill.^ly mrod'hy the oldest ™
® fSi^JS Specialist on the Coiit. Est. 36 years. Q
4 §'*3§(h D!? - JORDAN-DISEASES P? MEN 0
A I VWh Consultation free and stiietly private. \
\ H r u A Jpttitiv * CuTt •» CT «7 case undertaken. \
« F II llfal Write for Book. PDU-OSIIPnY of A
r • tf J 1 * sminucE, mailsd rx.Es. (\¥
Jj tf ijr valuable book for mi>n) \
¥ DO. JORDAN* CO.. 1051 3IarlrstSt..S. F. V
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mailai
on Application.
COAL, COKE AND PIO IRON.
I T U'H SftN * Til 00 ° B att er y Street.
J« I- niLjUN & LJ-. Telephone Main ISM.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
IA^ RftVF^ * fft Shipping Eutchers, 10 »
JA5- fiUICiaWll Clay. Tel. Main 12&4.
— _____ ;
LUBRICATING OILS. LEONARD & ELLIS,
418 Front St., a F. Phone Main 1719.
PRINTING.
C r HIIfiHF v PRINTER.
£• w- nillHC?. 511 Sansoma at.. 8. T.
PRINTERS. BOOKBINDERS.
THE HICKS-JTIDD CO..
23 First street. Saa ,Tr— ael-o— .Call at Santa Fe ticket office, 641 Market
ftroft. lor illustrated iiaraphlel and full ni - r
ttcu'.ars. ¦ •
Thf quiokest and roost convenient way in
*n«! cut of the Yosemite Valley is by way of
th» Santa Fe. If you !<ave J-aa Francisco to
day at 9 a. m. on the <-alifornia Limited you
*r»- in Tcsemite to-morrow at I> p. m.
Yosemite Via the Santa Fe.
SANTA CLARA. June 2.-An unknown
man was found dead near the railroad
tracks this afternoon, burned beyond
recogrition. He had kindled a fire while
intoxicated, and. falling across it waa
charred from his ankles to his breast
The body was taken to San Jose.
Drunken Man's Awful Death.
VALLEJO, June 2.— To enforce a de- i
mand for $4 pay a day. the house carpen
ters this morning called a strike on F.
Brown's and C. Blair's work in Vallejo',
these contractors having refused to pav
the scale without discrimination. All oth-»r
contractors in Vallejo agreed to the new
scale Br , ow o n sa ys he took contracts or.
a basis of $C 50 a day and cannot afford
to carry a large force of men at $4 a dav
On Saturday night he discnarged the m<?ri
Jeast able to earn $4 a day. At this th» I
inferior men complained that Brown
should discharge the men who could tret '
vrork elsewhere at $4 a day. Th« men
consider their poorest mechanic worth il
a day." The contractor is now In the posi
tion of not being able to pay the men U
a day, and not being able to complete his
contracts unless he docs meet the scale
Vallejo Carpenters Called Out.
SAN JOSE. June' 2.— James Robinson
who brutally assaulted Miss Mary Gabel
a rronth ago, cheated the law last night
by committing suicide. He had confessed
and was to have been sentenced to-mor
rcw morning by Judge Lorigan. Robir
son had nearly killed the girl by beating
her on the head with a club, and as a
prior conviction was hanging over him
it is probable he would have received a
life sentence cr its equivalent in years •
Robinson was found dead on his cot at
S:o0 o'cJoek this morning by his cell mate.
V\ > l-ong, a Chinese murderer. An au
tepjey this afternoon showed that he had
dl i2 fr ? m °f' ium Poisoning. The nesro
evidently had gtolen some of negro
from the Chinese, whose friends probably
smuggled it in. Robinson took th e poison
last night, as he had been dead for some
time when discovered.
Sentence.
Suicide While Awaiting
Assailant of Mary Gabel Commits
2TEGBO CRIMINAL ENDS
HIS LIFE IN PRISON
The leave of absence granted Chaplain
lialsey C. Gavitt, First Cavalry. Depart
ment of California, has been extended two
months. Captain Robert H. Rolfe, now
in this cily. will proceed via San Fran
cisc-o to San Diego and assume charge
of the construction of public buildings at
Fort Rosecrans, Cal. Captain Richmond
ilcA. bchoneld. quartermaster, is re
lieved at San Francisco by Major Carroil
A. Devo!. quartermaster, and will pro
ceed to St. Paul as assistant to the chief
quartermaster and for duty in connection
with the construction of public buildings
at Fort Snelling. Minn., and Fort Lin
coln, N. D. The following named officers
will report to Lieutenant Colonel Georee
£. Grimes, artillery, president of the ex
amining board, at th»> Presidio of San
Francisco, for examination for promotion-
Second Lieutenant William A. Covington"
artillery; Guilfcrd S. Garder. artillery'
James L. Lone, artillery; Thomas J
Rogers. Twenty-eighth Infantry: George
W. Lngland. Sixth Infantrv: Clyde S'
Parker. Sixth Infantry: Frank R. Cur
tis. Fsxth Infantry, and Leonard T. Baker
Nineteenth Infantry. Major William j'.
Stevenson .surgeon, is relieved from dutv
ln the Phi'ippincs. and will proceed to
Fort Mason. Cal.. to relieve Captain
George J Newgarden. assistant surgeon
¦wh-j is ordered to the Philippines ¦
Army orders: Lieutenant Colonel Phillip
F. Harvey, deputy surgeon general, is
relieved from further duty in the Philip
pine?, and v.ill proceed to San Francisco
lor orders.
Washirgt on— Anderson A. Lawson, Har
vey. $10; George Kcenig, Seattle. $s-
Ch.irles Hall, Kelso. $S; James L. Sharp,
Georgetown, S»: James H. Russell. Sno
bomifh, ?6: Annie J. Kinney. Welcome, 58.
Navy order: Medical Inspector E. H.
Green goes from the medical examining
board at Washington, D. C, to the Wis
consin as fleet surgeon of the Pacific
station.
These pensions were granted to-day:
California— Edward K. McGrath. Soldiers'
Jfome, Los Angeles. $12: Nathan W. Col
lins, San Francisco, $12; Margaret E.
Kn-Tiles. Ontario. $12. Oregon— James L.
Kerrey. Marshrield. %\Z; Byron Mathews,
Oos!i«-n. $>>; Henry Hunter, Forest Grove,
{](.': George E. Burgess <dead>. Grants
Pass, $10; Barbara Hocsly, Milwaukee,
$*; minors of James M. Cox, Marshfield,
SIS; Georgia A. Barton, Potsland, $S.
WASHINGTON. June 1.— Postmasters
commissioned: . California — Alexander
Baumhoff, Fyffe. Appointed: Oregon— A.
M. AVatson, Fisher. Lincoln County, vice
Martin Johnson, resigned. Washington—
L. T. Sands, Bucyrus, Clallam County,
vice W. O. Cole, resigned; Henry. Hagen
baiu-h, Wahl, Wbatcom. County, vice
Kkhard Kohler, resigned.
Postal Service and More New
Pensions Granted.
Several Chaneres Are Made in the
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
1 SALT LAKE. Utah, June 2.— If Presi
dent Brigham Young had lived he would
have been 101 years old to-day. The cele
bration of his birthday was conducted to
day with the usual ceremonies. A salute
of '01 guns was fired from the top of Ar
senal Hill, overlooking the temple, this
morning, while the bronze monument of
the Mormon leader at Main and South
Temple streets was decorated with flags
snd bunting. The annual reunion of the
Young family was held during the after
noon at the Saltair Pavilion, at Great Salt
Lake. Here several hundred descendants
and relatives of President Young listened
to speeches and a musical and literary
programme. Flags and artillery salutes
marked the celebration of the day in oth
! er cities of the State.
CELEBRATE BIRTHDAY
OF BRIGHAM YOUNG
Several Hundred Decendants and Rel
atives of Deceased Hold Annual
Family Reunion.
On examination it was found that the
! wound was not serious, the bullet having
I irflicted a merely superficial wound in the
i left side. :
j There Is no clew to the identity of the
man who shot Lewis and the police are
I at a loss to account for the mysterious
! attack, as Lewis is not known to have
i had any enemies. It is believed that there
is a close connection between the tragedy
of last October, in which A. P. Wilcox,
his wife and their three-y«-ar-old son were
i ki'led by an unknown murderer, and last
night's attemnt on the life of the sole
burvivor of the family.
Lewis, who is a special officer employed
at the Burbank Theater, was on his way
borne at 2030 St. Elmo avenue, having left
the East Ninth street car at Santa Fe
avenue at about midnight. He had nearly
reached the house and was passing a
vacant lot when he heard the click of a
revolver and a moment later felt the sting
of a bullet in his left side. Whirling
around, he drew his own revolver and
fired three times in -the direction of the
flash. Lewis called for help and his father
ccrac to his assistance with a shotgun,
but no trace of the would-be assassin
could be found.
LOS ANGELES, June 2.— The mystery
of the wholesale murder of the Wilcox
family near Downey in the latter part
of last October was added to shortly after
last midnight by an attempt on the Ufa
of Bert C. Lewis, a son of Mrs. Wilcox,
one of the victims of the tragedy.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
Mrs. McKinn«»y 'said this afternoon:
"No. I was never married to Mr. Smith,
but for thirty years he has been the best
friend I ever had. He has spent nearly
all hi? time that he could spare from his
bi'siness here in my house. See, I wear
his ring and have his other pledges which
will entitle me to most of his estate. His
relatives, who prevented our marriage,
will oppose my. claim, hut if I am not
fully provided for by the will, if there is
one. I shall fight in court for my rights to
the bitter end."
Smith's death was rather sudden and
v.as du? to heart failure. It is believed
he left a will, but the disposition of his
property is unknown. The relatives pro
pese to claim the full estate.
Smith's body was taken to San Fran
cisco la ft night for cremation. Mrs. Mag
gie McKinney went to the private funeral
at the Boggs home yesterday afternoon
and was refused admittance. Through a
friend's intervention she was finally per
mitted to view the remains.
William L. Smith was a native of Vir
ginia, BSfed 1- years. He came here many
years ago and accumulated a fortune. He
became treasurer and quarter-owner in
the McCormiek-Saeltzer t.'ompany, a large
general merchandise corporation of Red
ding. His shares there are valued at $1<*>.-
O'.'O. In addition he was a director of the
Bank of Northern California of this city
and owned real estate and mining inter
ests. Ho spent part of his time with his
niece, Mrs. A. G. Boggs of this city, wife
cf a mining man. fc>he was h!s favorite
relative. Mrs. J. «.". Spencer and M. Wi-1
lendorff of San Francisco were his nieoe
and nephew, respectively, and A. J. and
W. A. Bacon of Redding are nephews.
These constitute the heirs.
REDDING, June 2.— Litigation is to tic
up the estate of William 12 Smith, the
Kedding merchant and pioneer, who died
on Saturday night. Mrs. Magrgie McKin
ncy lays claim to the major portion of the
$125,000 left by Smith, and a contest that
will be productive of sensations seem3
certain. Mrs. McKinney asserts that
while she and Smith were never married
their troth had been plighted, and only
by certain circumstances and the bitter
opposition of his relatives were they kept
from a formal marriage ceremony.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Litigation to Involve Prop
erty Left by William
L. Smith.
Los Angeles Crime Recalls
Triple Murder of the
JWil coxes.
Shoots at and Wounds
Last Survivor of
a Family.
Woman Will Fight for
Wealth of Redding
Merchant.
CLAIMS ESTATE
OF DEAD PIONEER
ASSASSIN SEEKS
FOURTH VICTIM
THE JjAN: FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, /JUNE 3, 1902.
10
I GORONADO TENT CITY j
g Goronado Beach,.CaI. g
I BATHING, FISHING, BOATING, |
| GOLF, TEA GARDENS, -VAUDEVILLE, 8
| PING-PONG, DANCING, BOWLING §
8 and all other amusements, with one of the finest bands In the West and several fine 8
Q orchestras. Economical, . comfortable and amusing. . g.
S. Round trip tickets from San Francisco, including ground and water rent, Q
££ now on sale et: 53
O Atchlson, Topeka & Santa Fe Ry; Co., 641 Market St. 924.5O S
O Southern Pacific Ry. Co... 613 Market St. $24.50 S
S Pacific Coast S.S. Co., • 4 New Montgomery St ..;.. $23.01) Q
is . : / • Including berth and meals. . , . ! ' f . V>
gv"" Persons bringing their own tents and holding Coronado excursion tickets «
S over the Santa Fe, Southern Pacific or Pacific Coast Steamship' Co. ara not Q*
8 charged for ground and water rent, as the excursion tickets include all this, S
« as well as the street car and.fej^y trip to and from the train, and transfer of S
tt 150 pounds of baggage. /""> ... 8
O Persons who bring their own tents, but not holding Coronado excursion «
S . tickets, will have to pay $1.50 per month ground rent, • which includes free «
8 use of water. " .• . o
S Persons bringing their own tent* can rent furnishings at the following 8
S prices per week (for the month of dsme 50 per cent discount): . . «
ft ¦ Double' bedstead with -spring and cotton 'mattress, $1 25; cot. single. 25c; eprine S
« cot, double, 50c; mattress;, single, 25c; mattress, double. 50c; pillows, 2oc; blankets 8
» 25c; < comforters, 25c; table, 25c; campstool. 10c; chairs, 25c; rocking chairs, 3oc- «
JO gasoline stoves, DOc; oil stoves, 25c; washstands, complete, 35c; cooking utensils for M
¦Z; three persons, 75c; lamp, \ with oil, 25c. •. ' ft
Q Prices per month double the weekly rates. , » ' • . ._-., .¦ T , $
p! Furnished tent for one person. $12 per month. For two persons. $20, and each tt
<3 additional person $5 per month. Furnished tent comprises" beds, bedding/ tables Vi
O wash stands, rocking, folding and camp chairs, clean linen, towels, water, dally care VS
Q °f tent and laundry of ( tent linen. Tents electric lighted. Perfect sewerage. Q
££ . For pamphlets and full particulars call on ¦. V>
| / PECK'S TOURIST EU3EAU, II Mcntgomsry St., San Francisco, Gal. 8
v ¦ . ¦ ¦ *
If you wish to knowwner.e the finest min-
eral springs on the Pacific Coast are. so
that you can select the one most desir-
able for you. get "Vacation. 1902."
If you wish to camp in some mountain
dell, or on the bank of some limpid
stream, get "Vacation. 1902." \
If you prefer a hotel or a private home In
some beautiful town, get "Vacation.
1902."
If you prefer the free life of a farm, get
"Vacation. 1902." . "
This little book. "Vacation. 1902." Is-
6tied by the- California Northwestern
Railway Company, gives complete in-
formation for any kind of an outing.
To be had at ticket offices of company, 630
Market street (Chronicle building), and
Tiburon Ferry, or at the General Office.
Mutual Life building, corner Sanaome
and California streets.
Call or write for a copy. ,
H. C. WHITING, Gen'l Manager.
R. X. RYAN, Gen'l Pass. Agt.
MEDICAL SPRINGS.
CERTAIN CURE FOR STOMACH. LIVER,
kidney and bladder troubles. Absolute guar-
antee for all skin and bipod diseases. Works
wonders in all female complaints. Recommend-
ed by leading physicians. Thousands cured.
Tickets Cal. & N. W. R. R. ; stage from Ukiah.
Call or address
WITTER P. O., Lake Co., Cal.
Main oriice and water depot, 916 Market
street, room 64, city.
R. McCORMICK. Manager.
GRANT'S.
Couple hundred yards from railroad station.
Elegant country mansion. Scenic surround-
ings, beautiful grounds, plenty of shade, swim-
ming and fishing, croquet grounds, hammocks,
etc. One and one-half miles south of Healds-
burg. First floor, one person In room. $9 per
week; two in a room, $16 per week. Second
floor, one person In room, $8 per week; two In a
room, $14 per week. Will- also furnish tents to
those desiring. Single person In tent. $6 per
week; two in a tent, $10 per week. Buy tickets
to Grant Button. Address Mrs. A. P. GRANT
Healdsburg. Sonoma County. CaL
WILBUR HOT SULPHUR SPRINGS,
Sulphur Creek. Colusa Co.. Cal., 26 miles by
stage west of Williams; fare $2. Hottest,
strongest water on the coast; temperature 14S
deg. Cures rheumatism, dropsy, salt rheum
sKln diseases, neuralgia, liver, kidney com-
plaints, paralysis, mercury In system, dyspep-
sia, catarrh. Natural mud baths. ¦ New 2-story
hotel; fine new bathhouse. Board and lodging
Including baths. $10 a -week. WM. OELGEARTl
Proprietor.
Jf:I: TOCALOMA M §g*
Bertrand Hotel: flrst-class accommodations;
reasonable rates for families and parties; fish-
ing, bathing; beautiful drives to Bear Valley,
etc. Telephone. JOSEPH F. BERTRAND or
bulletin Office every Friday. 2 to 4 p. m." :
HOTEL BON-AIR,
ROSS VALLEY.
J. K. MANLOVE & WIFE, (formerly Mrs.
Leach). Proprietors.
RUSSIAN RIVER HOTEL.
One mile from famous "Bohemian Grove";
new management; all refitted.) Quietude, com-
fort, pleasure; hunting, fishing, boating; fresh
milk, cream and best of everything. Address
C. V. CARR. Manager. Russian River station
via Duncans Mills. Cal.
INDEPENDENCE LAKE~
Fishing; boats; excellent table; climate per-
fect; lt» miles from Truckee, In an unbroken
forest. Further Information Traveler office. 20
Montgomery st., or MRS. H. M. CLEMONS.
Truckee, Cal.
WHITE SULPHUR SPRINGS,
Nearest place to S. F.. 2ft hours; 5 miles
from Vallejo. Hot Sulphur baths; cure rheu-
matism, neuralgia, eczema, kidney, liver, stom-
ach diseases. Lake for boating and bathing.
Dancing pavilion. $10 a week and up. Fre«
bus to guests. M. MADRID. Vallejo. CaL
JOHANNISBERG-
IN THE NAPA REDWOODS; NEW HOTEL;
large dining-room; exhilarating air; hunting,
fishing, swimming and boating; terms reason-
able. Inquire of THEO. BLANCKENBGRG
JR.. prop., Oakvllle, Napa County, or Peck' a
Information Bureau. 11 Montgomery st. (
LAWRENCE VILLA.
Town Home, Sonoma. Will meet guests.
Pleasant location.- Plenty shade; nice drives;
swimming; fruits; $5 per week. HENRY PEL-
LISSIER. Sonoma. Sonoma County. Cal.
WHITE SULPHUR SPRINGS.
TWO MILES FROM ST. HELENA. — POSI-
tive cure for rheumatism, stomach trouble
| and blood diseases. Livery stable. Carriage
meets all trains. Board, including baths, is
per week. Address W. N. McCORMICK. St.
Helena. Cal.
Forrest and health! N THE SIERRAS
neur Collar ou U. P. R. R. Elevation Just rteht —
U4C0 f t.— J36 miles from San Fr. No staging: good
table; finest scenery, water, air, fruit and climate.
Ideal forests and £ro&nds j,s».00 a week. Send for
booklet Orchard Springs, Colfax. Cal
THE GEYSERS.
(Sonoma County). New management; rooms
plastered and hard finished; new furniture;
new, private bathhouse: hunting, fishing year
round: white help . only; best U very; cooking
specially supervised by manager. See pamphlet.
THE, PURISSIMA HOUSE.
Near the ocean. Fishing in only mountain
trout stream in San Mateo Co. Lcng distance
phone. $2 per day. C. P. MOSCONI. Prop.,
Purisslma. San Mateo Co.. Cal.
NEVADA CITY.
Tho land of mines, pines ana sunshine. Na-
tional Hotel and Annex. Matchless climate. I
mountain scenery, pine groves, famous gold
mines. Perfect accommodations. Reasonable
rates. ¦ '¦*>&.
ALL ATTRACTIONS
For the summer the Hotel Vendome
management announces many new at-
tractions at that popular resort. Two
magnificent swimming pools are near
the ho^el and guests may have all the
pleasure of seaside resorts. Bowling,
AT
golf, tennis and ping pong are among
the many diversions. Johannsen's Or-
chestra will be there all the time.
Automobile coaching from, the hotel
throughout the valley.
GEORGE P. SNEL.I,, Manager.
HOTEL VENDOME,
SAN JOSE, CAL.
PASOIBLESH
fx/vt^ i Nature's own selec- -
HfllJ 1 1 on for a health and
A VrAx - pleasure resort be-
1___ : _ ¦__-_ cause of the curative
Mr* A D TH properties of its mud
All_i Jt\Lt X «1 and sulphur baths for
rheumatism, Insom-
A AJ T\ nla . Kout, neuralgia,
Jf\4>|2J liver. kidney and blood
diseases. Has every
TVT C A CT TTVC natural advantage for
PLCA^UKc fS^S:.
OTTO E. NEVER, Prop.
C. M. ARNOLD, 640 MarKcI, S. F., Agt.
Byron J4ot Springs
' ta^ CONTRA COSTA CO., CAL.— Fine
hotel, modern improvements, perfect ap-
pointments. Suites -with mineral baths.
These wonderful walers and hot mineral
and mud baths cure Rheumatism and Ma-
laria without fail. Address Manager, By-
ron Hot Springs, Cal. Call on Lombard &'
Co.. 36 Geary st.
TAHOE TAVERN,
LAKE TAHOE.
"NOT BETTER THAN THE BEST, BUT
BETTER THAN THE REST."
Will formally open for guests June 12th. Said
to be "finest mountain hotel west of the Rocky
Mountains," Try it and form your own opinion.
During June you can obtain good i room and
board for $3 per day, but you can spend more
if you want to.
For folder giving full descrlotion call at the
S. P. Information Bureau, under Grand Hotel,
or write to TAHOE TAVERN. TAHOE CITY.
CAL. -
THB TALLAC,
Lake Tahoe. with many additional attractions,
among them the splendid new amusement pa-
vilion. Resident physician.
Address M. LAWRENCE & CO.. Tallac, Cal.
Note — Positively no consumptives taken.
For descriDtive Damphlet call at S. P. In-
formation Bureau, CIS Market «t.
BROCKWAY, LAKE TAHOE,
OPEN JUNE 1.
To avoid disagreeable waiting for narrow
gauge and steamer, take
THE BROCKWAT TALLT-HO
Over our short cut. It meets the morning
train at Truckee Sundays and Thursdays.
LAKE TAHOE.
Lakeside Park. Now open. Hotel, cottages
and tents. Delightful camping grounds near
steamer landing; furnished tents to rent. For
descriptive circulars and terms address E. B.
Smith & Co.. Stateline P. O., El Dorado Co.. Cal.
LMK.E TMHOE,
Glenbrook, Nev. Lake shore house and cot-
tages. Best fishing on the lake. Partially fur-
nished cottages for campers. Write for particu-
lars and rates. D. CORRILLAND, proprietor.
RUBICON SPRINGS
Open June 15. Connections by stage dally
with steamer. Rates, $2 to $2 25 per day; *12
to $14 per week. D. ABBOTT, Prop., Mc-
Kinneys. Lake Tahoe, . Cal.
RUBICON PARK.
Delightful summer resort on shore of Lake Ta-
hoe. Everything new. Best beach for bathing
on the lake. Fishing, hunting. Boats, fishing
tackle; saddle horses at moderate hire; $2 per
day. or $10, $12, $14 per week Postofflce. tel.
A. L. Frost, Rubicon Park, Lake Tahoe. Cal.
DEER PARK INN ANO. COTTAGES.
B miles from LAKE TAHOE.' Typical resting
place; 6807 feet elevation. Mineral springs.
Take 6 p. m. train. S. F. Send for booklet
J. B. SCOTT. Deer Park. Cal.
T/*WOE?- I1VIV,
Tahoe City, one mile from New Hotel. Now
open. Write for terms. MRS. VADE BRTSON.
prop.
TRUCKEE RIVER COUNT c TCm.
Summer Resort and Sportsmen's Lodge. Fish-
ing unexcelled; fish hatchery. Second season.
Send for booklet. W. . C. Foulks. Verdi, Nev.
AMONG THE PINES.
Altitude 2024 feet; plenty of cream, fruit, etc. ;
near P. 1 O. ; - home cooking : L. D. phone ; no
consumptives. Address ROBERT F. WARHAM,
Applegate. Placer County, California..
Adams
LAKE COUNTY, CAL.
For stomach, liver and kidney trouble*— .
positive cure for constipation. New kitchea
and dining-room, under the supervision of Carl
Raymond and Hans Mortensin and assistant*.
recently from Hotel del Coronado. Five ntw
houses. Room for all. We have more testi-
monials from people cured than all other
springs combined.
For further particulars and printed matter
at Travelers* Information Bureau, 20 Mont-
gomery St., San Francisco.
DR. W. R. PRATHER.
Adams Springs.
In Santa Cruz Mountains, Half Mlla
From Big: Tree Grove.
Buy ticket to Camous Station. For particu-
lars and booklet write THOS. L. BELL, P. O..
Felton. Cal. Opena June 1st.
YOSEIITE VALLEY,
BIO OAK FLAT AND TOSEMTTE STAGS
CO. — Running directly through the Tuolumn*
Big Tree Grove. Special rate9 for teachers and "
parties. Staging 2Va hours first afternoon and
9 hours next day. arriving at Tosemlto Valley
5 p. m. Send for Illustrated folder. WM. J.
WHITE. Gen'l. Agent. 630 Market St.. opposite
Palace Hotel. S.tF.: tel. Black 3571.
TROUT FISHINC.
Best In State at BOCA, CAL.
! For Information address Boca Hotel. Boca.
Nev. Co.. Cal.. on TRUCKEE RIVER.
CAMP TAYLOR HOTEL - «™p cottage.
V&U1I 1 A IL.UA and grounds, private pic-
nics, bowling alley, tennis, boating, .trout fish-
ing, telephone. Call at Traveler. 20 Montgom-
ery street. H. G. MARTIN. Proprietor.
LAKEPORT AND BARTLETT SPRING3
STAGE. LINE— Hopland to Bartlett Springs.
via Lakeport. carrying passengers for Lakeport
and Bartlett Springs. Stages connect with trains
at Hopland. I .cave Hopland at 12:30; arrive at
Lakeport at 3:30: arrive at Bartlett Springs »t
7:30. New 6-horse 14-passenger tourist wagons,
made to order for this stage line.- with- all th«
.most modern improvements. Passengers tot
Lakeport or Bartlett Springs call for tickets by
Bartlett Springs Stage Line. Ticket* can b*
had at office Cal. Northwestern Ry.. »J30 Mar-
ket St., or at Tiburon Ferry.
- MILLER & HOWARD. Proprietors. '
\7TCBY SPRINGS— 3 miles from Ukiah.
? Mendocino Co. Natural electric waters,
champagne baths. Only place in the world of
this class of waters having continuous flow of
natural warm water direct from springs to
tubs. Lovely grounds, flshinsr. hunting. Crys-
tal Springs. Accommodations: table first-class.
J. A. REDEMEYER & CO.. Props.
ill N THE SIERRAS." TURNBACK INN.
¦ Tuolumne. *Cal., 2553 feet above sea level.
Hotel Nevllls, Jamestown. Cal.. 1471 feet
above sea level; on line of Sierra Railway.
When you go to or return from Yoserntte or
Hetch-Hetchy valleys, a good place to stop;
most elegant appointed hotels in the mountains.
DECHARDSON'S SP"R.T]MGS -Ten
¦» miles from Chico. Cal. Ncted for beta? a
sure curn for rheumatism, malaria, dyspepsia,
blood and kidney diseases, nervous troubles,
etc. A dead enemy of poison oak and skin dis-
eases. Hotel and baths open entire year. J, ,
V. RICHARDSON. Prop.. Chlco. Cal. r I
HAREIN SPRINGS— Most desirable- In Lak« )
Co. ; contain sulphur, iron, magnesia and
arsenic: wonderful cures of rheumatism, ca-
tarrh kidney, Hver and stomach troubles: new
gymnasium, bowling alley, handball court and
billiard room. Kound-trlp tickets. S. P. office.
$8. J. A. HAYS. Prop.
PLANTATION HOUSE. 13 miles from Caza-
dero — Grand redwood and mountain scenery;
good trout fishing ; plenty of fruit, cream and
milk Daily mail, stage from Cazadero. Through
fare R. R. and stage. $3 50. For particulars
apply J. Luttringer. Sea. View. Sonoma Co.. Cal.
HOTEL DE REDWOOID — Santa Cru* Mts.
Among the grand old trees; board $S and
$10 a week; fare, return ticket, $2 BO. M. 3.
COX Laurel, Santa Cruz County. Information
at Peck's Bureau. 11 Montgomery at.
T. SAN FRANCISCO RANCHO— THI3
homelike resort Is located In .the Sam*
Cruz Mountains. 6 miles from Capitola. Goo4
table board, hunting and fishing. Address B>
P. WEBB. Soquel. Cal.
MOUNTAIN VIEW RANCH— HOTEL. COT-
tages well-known table.\Phone swlmmln*.
dally mall; campers to Glenwood, including .
carriatr" $-^ 75 round trip,
carnage. F^ ANK R DA Ny. Santa Crus.
WILLOW RANCH — Quiet foothill ranch. 5
miles from Santa Cruz; delightful horn*
In redwoods; abundant fruit: good table; *6 50
per week. MRS. WM. CRANDELL. Sant»
Cruz. ,
THE OAKS a favorite summer resort on
Branciforte drive, 5 miles from Santa Cruz:
dally mail, fishing, home cooking. Address
MRS. CZARINA SMITH MILLS. Santa Crus.
ATV!NTAT>AT/I3 FARM. SANTA CRUS
MOUNTAINS, cottages and rooms to let. tar-
nished or unfurnished for housekeeping. H.
J. SEEGELKEN. Los Gatos Postofflce. Cal.
GARDEN CITY SANITARIUM, San Jose, CmL
On??f the besCequipped on the coast Every
variety of water treatment, electricity, ma*.
sage! X-ray. Write for literature.
ELLEVUE HOTEL— El Verano. Sonomi
County Cal. Terms, $1 00 per day and
upward Long distance telephone. Hot mln-
er£l springs near by. Peter Gouailhardou, Prop.
R~ IVFRSIDE HOTEL and cottages; 75 rma. ;
inuCnir Cal. Near Beach. Rate* to
familfe" Information at 11 Montsromeryst., ,
Free bus. Long dUt. phone. Fred Barson. Prop.!
IXG'S RANCH — Six miles from Cazadero. * ,
Elevation 120O feet; among the redwoods.
Hunting, fishm*. Terms $10 a week; family
rltesY Address WM. KING, Cazadero.
GRAND CENTRAL HOTEL. Guernevilie.
C a j. jiew management; thoroughly n-
fittpd ard imDroved. Headquarters for hunteri
and fishera. Add. F. PLATH. Guerneville. Cat.
CMSSON TAVERN, near Mt. Shasta. Par-
ticulars "Information Bureau," 20 Mont-
gomery St., or MRS. L. M. SISSON. Sisron. CaL
BERGHEIM— Two miles from Los Gate*.
home cooking. P. DISQUE. Loa Gatos, Cat.
STAGE LINES AND UVEBIES. 3
LA HONDA and PESCADERO — Throueh thj
redwoods to the ocean. Hayward's. Wurr'%
Bellvale. Pigeon Pt. and Santa Cruz. Buy IL
R. tickets to Redwood City. 3 a. m. train, aj
and Townsend sts.; 9:2t> a. m. from San Joas.
Add. WALTER KNIGHT. Redwood City. Cal.
FAfil F <JTARI V^ Ukiah. Tourists, canip-
EAULC 31ADJLCD ers hunters. Write to
H. A. Eldred for rates fo'r ans kind ot turnout.
PESCADERO — San Mateo and PescaiIar->
stage line, via Halfmoon Bay and San
Gregorio. d.aily all year; twice a day f>_Hal'-
moon Bay. \Lvs. San Mateo 10a.m.& 4:15 p. m.
FASHION STABLES. UKIAII AND W 1L-
llts — Tourists, tampers, hunters, write J.
H. Smith, Ukiah, Smith & Taylor. Willita. for .
any kind of turnout. yy
GILROY Fashion Livery; sood service: reaa.
rates. Ofc. Gilroy Spr. stage. II. Mayock.
ANTA CRUZ— San Lorenzo Stable*. «tjri-
lsh riss. Reasonable prlcts.
...NAPA.... fep Count^ I
SODA. SPRINGS
COR HEALTH AND PLEASURE GO TO
[ * Napa Soda Springs. Situated 1000 feet
i above the Beautiful Napa Valley. Hot and
Cold Soda Baths. Shetland Ponies and Burros
for Children. Two trains dally, 7:30 a. m. and
4». m. Address
i DOLLMANN & JACOBS, Napa Soda Sprlnga,
G "9
I T BARTLETT SPRINGS.
Here Is an opportunity to gain Health and
Strength; also, have a pleasant vacation.
DATFS Hetel $10 to $15 per week. Eonse-
RAl LJ. keopicg Cottiges $3 to $15 per week.
Send for illustrated booklet. Two routes:
Via C. & N. W. Railway and S. P. Co.
AMUSEMENTS.
GEORGE WATSON, manager of amuse-
ments; Hahn'e Orchestra; dancing every
week day evening; Tennis. Bowling, Cro-
quet, Billiards, Shuffle-Board, Ping Pong,
Livery, Burros: Swimming Tank. 20x80;
Hot Water Vapor. Tub. Mineral and Ro-
man Baths; competent Massaglsts; Guides,
Dogs and Horses for Hunting and Fishing;
Shady Drives and Walks.
BARTLETT SPRINGS CO..
P. O.. Bartlett Springs.
Or No. 2 Sutter Street. San Francisco. J[-
LYTTON SPRINGS.
Always open. Finest mineral baths & plunge.
No staging. Every comfort and amusement.
Tiburon ferry. 7:30 a. m., 3:30 p. m. Informa-
tion of DR. HENSLEE, S07 Sutter st. Phone
Eutter 2371. 11 Montgomery st, or A. * V.
MORSE. Lytton, Sonoma County, Cal.
, _ — _ — ¦
r\ . || ¦ Napa County. The most
Vt UfilOIIQ charming spot in Calif or-
uli rinlnllfl nla - Ideal for a Bummer
VII IIUIUIIU vacatlon . Drives over
picturesque and sprinkled roads. Good hotels.
Summer *esorts adjacent. Special round trip
tickets, good from Saturday until Monday,
$2.50. Take boat toot of Market street, 7:30
a. in. and 4 p. m.
HO! FOR BLUE LAKES!
Boating, Bathing, Fishing and Hunting; new
tennis court, mineral- springs. Our famous
White Sulphur-Springs are known to all. Send
for new pamphlet. O. WEISMAN. Midlake
P. O.. Lake County, or call at office of C. N.
W. R. R. Co., 650 Market st.
HOWELL MT., WOODWORK'S
Residence of 27 years; second year of sum-
mer resorjt. Purest of spring water. Home
fruit, vegetables, milk. etc. No fog. Terms $7
per week. Address WOODWORTH & MUL-
LER, St. Helena. Cal.
Kowarciciinaii craz mowu^; y «
near enough to the ocean
for a daily calt water svim. Redwoodt and sea breezes
— a wonderful combination. Souvenir booklet free.
Peck's Information Bureau, n Montgomery Street,
S. F.,or B. Dickinson, Leetee, Ben Lomond, Cal.
EL BONITO HOTEL.
The largest and best appointed hotel in Rus-
sian River Valley. Excellent . hunting, fishing
and boating; fine scenery; pure spring water;
newly renovated; new furniture. R. C. CAL-
HOUN. Proprietor. Duncans Mills, Cal. For
information and rates inquire of Peck"s Bu-
reau, 11 Montgomery Bt., or write R. C. Cal-
houn. Proprietor.
OWN A HOME 1^^ 1 CAMP MEEKER
Free from fog and wind. Lots $10 up. Cot-
tages built $50 up. Boating, bathing, tenting
ground. Board and lodging. $7 up. Sawmill,
depot, store, postoffice. Sausalito ferry, $3
round trip. Address M. C. MEEKER, Camp
Meeker, Sonoma County.
ACUA CALIENTE,
Also known as i California Hot Springs. So-
noma Valley. .No staging; via C. N. Ry. or S.
P. R. R. Immense swimming surface. Splendid
table. Come Sundays and try it. Round trip
$110. Telephone; many improvements; $12
and $14. THEO. RICHARDS, Proprietor,
Agtia Caliente, Cal. '
t% I I f» 0\ \K HOT SPRINGS — Water,
1 * II iJ5lB« climate, scenery unsur-
11 I 9 (Via I passed. Camnins privl-
11 1 |_ T § ife* I lejjes now. Trains from
Third and Townsend sts..
9 a m., 2:45 p. m. Literature on application.
R. ROBERTSON, Gilroy Springs, Cal.
CONCRESS SPRINGS.
A charming resort In the Santa Cruz Mts.;
2 hours from San Francisco; delightful cli-
mate; swimming and all. sports; table unsur-
passed; best mineral water on the coast; open
all the year. E. H. GOODMAN, Manager.
CLIMB MOUNT SHASTA
From Sisson. Address H. McGulnness, Prop.
EL MONTE HOTEL. Sisson. Cal. Expe-
rienced guiaesathoteU ¦_
HOPP/7V SPRINGS.
These Mineral Springs are pleasantly located
on the hillside immediately adjoining the well-
known Bartlett Springs, Lake Co., Cal. Hotel
Pleaeant View is again run by the owner,
MRS. HOPPIN. ¦¦ '
"THE GROVE,"
Lake Tahoe, half mile east of Tallac. Rates,
$2 per day, $9 per week; meals, 50c;- good sad-'
die horses and the best of livery; boats free to
all guests. J. E. I'ARMETEB, proprietor,
Tallac P. O-. Cal. ' i
SARATOGA SPRINGS
Better than ever this year. Booklet and full
Information at Peck's, 11 Montgomery St., or
R. R. office, 650 Market, or John Martens,
Bachelor P. O.. Lake Co., Cal.
MOUNTAIN HOME.
At foot of Loma Prieta, highest point In Santa
Cruz Mountains. Grand scenery. Fishing, hunt-
Ing and swimming. Table and' climate unsur-
passed. Stage at Madrone Monday, Wed. and
Sat. Train leaves S. F. 0 a. m. daily. Send for
eouvenir. VIC PONCELET. Llagas, Cal., Prop.
HOTEL EL MONTE,
~XOS GATOS.
Under new management. Now open for
business. Rates, $8 to $15 per week.
SUMMER RESORT,
Among the Pine Hills: altitude 2024 feet; $7
per week; first-class accommodation. ! Before
going elswhere write to CHAS. GROTTIAN,
Applegate, Placer County, Cal.- . ,
FOREST HOTEL,
ALMA.
Santa Cruz Mountains. Good trout fishing.
Rebuilt and reopened. B. BOHME, Prop.
' l HOTEL LA HONDA.
SITUATED IN THE REDWOODS.' GOOD
- trout fishing. Season now open. . Long dis-
tance phone. MRS. I. J. SEARS, La Honda,
San Mateo County, Cal. ¦ , ••
i
Positively cured In one day by frequent appli-
cation;; of Brahman Cream. Sold by J. S. Potts
Drug Co., 101(3 Market Et.. and other druggists;
also at office of Dr. Traverse, 1170 Market st.
HIGHLAND SPRINGS
ALWAYS OPEN.
The famous health and pleasure resort of
Lake County. Finest waters for the cure of
LIVER, KIDNET, MALARIA, RHEUMATISM
and STOMACH TROUBLES. Every comfort
and amusement. FREE SWIMMING TANK,
CROQUET. TENNIS. Regulation Bowling Al-
ley, Riding and Driving Horses. Splendid Trips
in~Mountains or Valley.
NOTE SPECIAL RATES.
One person in room, "small hotel". .$10 per week
Two persons in room, "small hotel". $18 per week
One person in room, "cottages" .$11 per week
Two persons in room, "cottages".. .$20 per week
One person in room. "MAIN HOTEL"
„ • • $12 and $14 per week
Two persons in room, "MAIN HOTEL"
$20 and $22 per week
Special inducements for School Teachers or
Families desiring to remain by the month.
For illustrated pamphlets, photographs and
analysis of waters call on Tourists' Information
Bureau, 11 Montgomery or The Traveler office,
20 Montgomery st., or write direct to CRAIG
& WARNER. Highland Springs, Lake Co., CaJ.
SANTA CATALINA ISLAND,
3'A Hours from Los Angeles.
Advantages, attractions and amuse-
ments impossible elsewhere; ninth sea-
son; three months on Catalina Island of
our Famous Marine Band, twenty-five
members, ten soloists; most phenomenal
fishiner and greatest rod and reel records
known; the Marine Gardens: Glass-bot-
tomed Boats and Aquarium; Boating:,
Bathing; Wild Goat Shootine: Delight-
ful Coast Excursions; Fleets of Yachts
and Launches; Ideal Camt) Life: Com-
plete Camp Equipment; Hotels and Cot-
tages; Hotel Jrfetropole, modern conven-
iences, electric lights; Golf. Tennis, Bowl-
ing, Music. Dancine. etc. For further
particulars address BANNING COM-
PANY, 222 South Spring street. Loa An-
geles, cr E. C. PECK, Tourist Informa-
tion; Bureau, 11 Montgomery street, San
Francisco, Cal.
0 if n f*f\ ft HOT SPRINGS, SONO-
A/f MlllrS MA COUNTY; only 4%
W#l rl WWU hours from San Fran-
cisco and but 9 miles'
staging; waters noted for medicinal virtues;
best natural hot mineral water bath in State;
boating and swimming In Warm Springs Creek;
grood trout streams; telephone, telegraph, dally
mail, express and San Francisco morning and
evening papers ;\ FIRST-CLASS HOTEL AND
STAGE SERVICE: both morning and after-
noon states; round trip from San Francisco
only $5 CO. < Takp Tiburon ferry at 7:30 a. in.
or 3:30 p. m. Sundays 8 a. m. only. Rates $2
a day or $12 a week. References, any guest
of the past seven years. Patronage of 1001
unprecedented. Tourist Information • Bureau.
11 Montgomery st. ; also at Traveler office. 20
Montgomery- St., or of J. F. MULGREW,
Skagrgs, Cal.
SPECIAL RATES TO TEACHERS.
You all know about my table.
H. O. WICKES, Castella, Cal.
F THE seaside resort of Central California |
1 — enlarged, improved— per day $z upwards I
I — fine orchestra — now open, send for I
& booklet. Address for hotel, R. M. Briare. I
| 1 For cottages, F. Reanier, Capitola, Cal. I
CAMP CURRY
HAD SO ARRIVALS IN/MAY, 1901.
HAS MORE THAN DOUBLED MAY, 1902.
YOSEMITE.
Office — 11 Montgomery st., San Francisco.
SEIGLER SPRIR6S5K2rea:
& mineral waters
unexcelled for rheumatism, malaria, stomach
diseases. Swimming, billiards, dancing. Ping
Pong; 58 to $12 week. Office. 117 Grant ave.. or
Eeigler Springs, Lake. Co., H. McGOWAN, prop:.
WHITE COTTAGES.
Howell Mountain; altitude 2000 feet; air
pure and dry; delightful family resort; dally
mail; croquet; reg. bowling; social hall; splen-
did camping grounds; $S per week. Write
MRS. J. H. GOETSCHE, Angwln, Cal. .
KLAMATH HOT SPRINCS.
Finest fishing, hunting and health resort on
the coast. Climate perfect On Klamath River.
Rates, |2 and ?2 50 per day; $10 to $14 per
week. Call Traveler Office, 20 Montgomery st.,
or address EDSON BROS.. Beswick, Slskiyou
County. Cal. ¦
DUNCAN SPRINGS.
Two miles from. Hopland; best medicinal
waters in the State; fine -hotel and flrst-class
table; rates $10 and $12; housekeeping cottages.
O. HOWELL, Hopland, Mendocino Co., Cal.
B Brewed from carefully select- B
1 ed barley and hops — never i
fig permitted to leave the brew- g
g ery until properly aged. I
;/£TNA,SPRINGS
Napa County.
No fog. Days warm,
j Nights delightfully coo!.
j TABLE UNSURPASSED.
: Fruit and Vegetables from our own Farm.
AVrite for booklet
EDWARD L. SANFORD, Manager.
mmmmmmm mm^~ THE NEW BUILDINGS AND
I HOITT'S Beautiful Grounds at Hottt's
i ¦_--.,» ft School will be open to summer
JilcNLO Ruests during June and July.
rj«r>ir Superior. climate, excellent
"AKtti table; reasonable prices. Ad-
i - dress IRA G. HOITT.
I '
urtTPi Continuous
"?I^5 Weather
Srtrvi Report.
CZf\ \— To-morrow.
I PARAISO SPRINGS.
i Tha loading summer and winter resort of the
I State. Send for beautiful booklet to F. W.
! RCHROEDEK. Mgr.. or call at City Agent, 11
I Montgomery st.
KENILWORTH INN.
Kenilworth Inn. Mill Valley, under new man-
agement, will be opened as a strictly first-
class houEe on or about June 7, 1902.
LAUREL DELL,
The Switzerland of America; largest dining-
room; new myrtle cottage; hunting, boating,
bathing, toboggan; new livery, tennis, bowling,
etc.; free teams to our mineral springs, 15
kinds. E. Durnan, Laurel Dell. Lake Co., Cal.
HfkRFRft 1^ Among the Pine Mountains.
IIVULllvr «_» California's choicest climate.
The place to enjoy the country. Bowling, swim-
I mlng:, croquet, hunting, fishing and the best of
I meals. Rates $S per week. For further infor-
I mation inquire 10 Montgomery st.. or Hoberg's,
Lake County. MRS. M. HOBERG, Prop.
MT. VEEDER FAMILY RESORT.
Redwood groves. Elevation 1650 feet. No
fog. Climate delightful. All varieties fruit v
Iron spring*, hurting, mountain scenery, pleas-
ant home, good table. Terms reasonable. Ad-
dress P. E. HOLZREITER. Napa.
SOLID COMFORT BOME^gSjg
altitude. No fcg; climate delightful. Large or-
chard, vegetab'e garden. Hot, cold baths. Spring
water; swimming tank. Kates $7 wk. up. Stage
meets train. Schuler fz Scheben, ICapa, Cal.
\WlTE^ULPmiR SPRINGS
Now ot>en for the season. All amusements
for health and pleasure. Ratas, $8, Jiu and ?12
per week. Take Tiburon ferry. Bus meets
train. Address E. IIAAV'ES. Santa Rosi, Cal.
/*/V\ES «£: HARRIS
TENTS. HAMMOCKS. FLAGS. AWNINGS
CAMP FURNITURE.
100 Sacramento St ',>.*£¦-{ San Francisco.NEW YORK, June. 2.— FLOUR— Receipts,
18.138 barrels; exports, 24,300 barrels. Fair
and active.
WHEAT — Receipts. 185,750 bushels; exports,
372.7U9 bushels. Spot, steady. No. 2 red'
87%c elevator; No. 2 red, SO%c f. 0. b. afloat-
No. -1 Northern Duluth, 81%c f. 0. b. afloat-
No. 1 hard Manitoba,* S4%c f. o. b. afloat'
Early In the day wheat was dull and weak in
fluenced by lower cables, peace rumors and
favorable home crop news. Tho market finally
rallied on a large visible supply decrease and
export reports, closing firm at %@%c net de
cline. July, 78(S78%c, closed 78M.c; September
75%c, closed 7C'/ic; December closed 7~V>c '
. HOPS Firm *
HIDES— Steady.
COFFEE — Spot Rio. dull. No. 7 invoice,
C',&c: mild, firm; Cordova, 8®ll%c. The fu
ture market closed quiet and 10. points lower
Total . sales, 9250 • bags, Including: July at
All stocks were dull on the morning ses
sions, with an advance In Alaska Packers to
$160.30.
The only noteworthy change In the afternoon
was a decline in Spring Valley Water to $89.75.
The California Wine Association will -pay tha
usual monthly dividend of CO cents June 10.
Bonds ex-coupon yesterday were: Spring Val
ley Water Company, third mortgage. 4s. 100b.
regular quarterly, amounting to $34,000; Pacific
Gas Improvement Company. 4s. 1930, regular
quarterly, amounting to $12,300; Nprthjrrn
Railway of California. Bs. semi-annual. $2S,SoO.
The dividend of the Sacramento Electric. Gas
and Railway; Company, regular monthly of 15
cents per share, amounting to $27,798, was paid
y Thai fo' lowing quotations for United Railways
of San Francisco were received yesterday from
New York by Bolton. De Ruyter & Co. : Com
mon stock $23.25: preferred.. $65.23<S65.87U.
with sale3 at $65.75tfT«3.87V.: bonds. $91.25@32;
subscriptions $10:j.25®103.37%, with sales at
Peerless Oil paid a dividend of 5c, or $5000..
3nd the Geary-street, Park & Ocean Railroad
Company a dividend of 50 cents yesterday.
A meeting of the Associated Stock Brokers of
STOCK MARKET.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure bas fallen slowly over Cali
fornia and has risen over the northern pait
jf't the coaet. Rain has fallen from Eureka.
M -orthward.
> There has been a decided rise In temperature
over tfecada and Utah. In the great valleys
of California the temperatures are still about
6 decrees below the normal. Warmer weather,
however. n;ay be ernected Tuesday and Wed
nesday.
Forecast maie at Fan Francisco for thirty
• hours, ending midnlpht June 2 1902 -
Northern California— Fair, warmer Tuesday
with light southerly winds In the interior;
brisk wevterlr winds on the coast, with fog
in thp morning.
Southern California— Fair, wanner Tuesday;
l!rh^ northerly winds.
Nevada — Fair, warmer Tuesday.
San Frenoisco end vieinitj- — Fair warmer
Tuesday; light northerly winds, changlne to
fresh westerly.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
FRUIT AND WHEAT BULLETIN.
For the twenty-four hours ending 5 p. m.,
120th meridian time. San Francisco. June 2.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat — July. Sept.
Opening 5 11% 6 1%
Closing 5 11% 6 1%
PARIS.
Wheat — June. Sept. -Dec
Opening 22 00 20 40
Closing 22 00 20 40
Flour — T«
Opening 26 85 26 40
Closing 26 85 26 45
Charters.
The British ship Kate Thomas loads wheat
at Tacoma for Cape Town at 28s Od, chartered
prior to arrival.
The schooner A. J. West was chartered prior
to arrival for lumber from Grays Harbor to
Santa Rosalia. • \
The bark Martha Davis loads general cargo
here for Hilo.
California Fruit Sales.
NEW YORK,, June 2.— Porter Bros. Company
Eold California' fruit to-day as follows: Car
from Vacaville — Tartarians, 80c<g$3, average
$1 60; halfs, 80c; Chapman, $1 15@1 20; aver
ago ?1 18; Pontiac, $1 05®! 45, average $1 18; ;
Rockport, 90cg$l 50, average $1 21; Oxheart,
?1 25@1 35, average $1 33; Gulgnes, $1 25®
1 45 average $1 SO. Gross sales, $1004.
Car from Suisun— Tartarian?, $1 35@1 80,.
average $1 43; Rockport, 90c@$l 40, average
$1 38; Clevelands, 90c@$l, average 94c; Gov
ernor Wood, 70e@$l 40, average S3c. Gross
eales. $736. >
Express ohlpmentp — Tartarians, ?2 28@3 S3.
CHICAGO, June 2.— Porter Bros. Company
sold California fruit to-day as follows: Car
from Newcastle .(arrived in poor condition) —
Tartarians. 50c@$l 40, average 78c; Eltons,
45c; Rockports, 40<gS0c, average 71c; Governor
Wood, 40c. Gross eales. $1375.
Car from Vacaville — Tartarians. C0c@$l 85.
average $1 23; half boxes. 75c; Black Oxhearts,
i»5e@$l 10, average ?1 09;. Bigereaus, iiOcffi
%\ 18, average. 55c; Rockports, 65c; Chap
mans, S5c@$l 25, average 04c. Gross Bales,
$1135.
CHICAGO, June 2.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany's'sales of California carload shipments of
fruit at auction to-day are«a.s follows:
13. Tartarians. 55c(5?$l 65. average $1 18.
Cno car aold to-day. Weather hot.
NEW. YORK. June 2.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany sold carload shipments of California,
fruit at auction to-day at the folowlng prices:
Cherries. Chapmans, boxes. $1 15@1 80,. av- .
erage $1 54; Tartarians, 90c@$2 25, average
$159; Knight's Early Black, $1; Governor
Wood.- 7ncrtj$l 10. average 93c. Two cars sold
to-day. Weather dry and favorabje. Express
shipments— Pringle apricots, 10-pound box,
$3 12 \'-i\ .Tartarians. $2 35@4 05, average $2 50;
Royal. Annes, $2 87%./
Eastern Livestock Market.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, June 2.— CATTLE— Receipts,
5700, Including 250 Texans. Shipping and ex
porters, 15@20c higher, others steady to strong.
Good to prime steers, S7@7 55; poor to medium
?t 75@0 76; stockers and feeders, $2 50@5 20;
cows. Si 50@5 75; heifers, $2@C; canners'.
$1 50(Sf2 DO- bulls, $2(?K) HO; .calves, $2@0 50;
Texan fed steers, $5 25@C
HOGS— Receipts • to-day. 40,000; left over,
4000. Market opened 5©10c lower, closed
strong. Mixed and butchers', $6 75@" 35; good'
to choice heavy, $7 25@7 45: rough heavy, $6 75
<S~ 25; light, ?6 70(?7 15: bulk, $(! 90@7 30.
SHEEP — Receipts. .12,000; sheep steady";
lambs, good, i 10iai5c hlffher: good to choice
wethers, $5 50@« 25; fair to choice mixed,
$1 50@5 25; Western sheep, ?5 25®(i 25; na
tive lambs, $5@7; Western lambs, $5 25@7.
I ST. JOSEPH.
ST. JOSEPH, Mo., June 2.— CATTLE— Re
ceipts, 55. Steady to 15c higher. Natives, $5 25
®7 25; cows and heifers, $1 25@G 40; veals,
?3 50® 6 25; Etockers and feeders, $2 23<fi5 40.
HOGS— Receipts. 4100. Market steady.
Light and light mixed, ?6 45@7 25; medium
and heavy, $7 10@7.25; pigs. $4@0.
SHEEP— Receipts, 1350. Steady. Top 'spring
lambs, $7 50. . ; ; ¦ ¦
' Available Grain Supply.
NEW TORK, June 2. — The visible supply of
grain Saturday. May 31, as compiled by the
New York Produce- Exchange, Is as follows:
Bushels. Decrease. Increase
Wheat .* - 28,204,000 2,425.000 ;'
Com 2.287,000 70,000 .......
Oats- 6.650,000 .' 74.000
Rye 725,000 225,000
Barley ... .. 628,000 30,000
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK. June 2. — The exports of cop
per ;fo*r the month of May amounted to 15,339
tons, thus making a total of 81,229 tons since
¦January ' 1, a?ain4t 39,897 tons for the same
period last' year. The local copper market
Pacific Mail 40
People's Gas • "" 101 r *
Pressed Steel Car... 200 49?4 46' 47%
pXnm^p'a/fc?- 4 °° 8C1/J 8<ni of!
Republic Steel i66 17% ' HkL 17%
Republic Steel pfdr 000 74% 74% 74 *
Ten" n ' , * W 3 ' 900 12!) ; 128 % 128^
Twin Coal & Iron.. 1,200 65 04% 64%
b n r & B Pco p pfS o ..v . 30 ° ** i5 * ill
U S Leather 400 13'/ 4 j.3 l.i'
t- § J J<?ather Vfd .. <500 S4'<. 84% 84
L S Hufcber 100 14&4 14% 11%
US Rubber pfd.... 300 CC§ 50% 50
W* Steel 7,500 40!i 40 40
U S Steel pfd 6,700 90*4 SI>% £9%
I A\ estern Union 900 90% S)0-V W I
Amer Loco 1.900 33% S3' 32%!
Amer Loco pfd -200 04 9:1% O3>2
IK C Southern 800 34 :«% .Tli'T
>K C Southern pfd.. S00 02 . C2% CUi
Total shares sold. .270,000
NEW. YORK BONDS.
U t? ref " s ««•• -10814 'L & N unlf 4s. ..103
Do ref 2s coup..l0S»i Uexican Cen«4s..\ S2»i
Do :is reg 107*i i Do l"st lnc 32
po as coup.... 1O7-74 /linn & St L 4s.. 10.1
Do new 4s reg. 130 If! K & Texas 4s. !H»V&
Do new 4s coup.l.'tG Bo 2ds 83
Do old 4s reg...lO9%'i; y Central lsts.101%
Do old 4s coup. 110%! Do gen 3%s ...1OS
Do Cs reg ..,..105vi'N J Ceri gen Ds..l3S%
Do os coup . -.105 >ij Northern Pac 4s..l0i-4
Atchison gen .4s.. 103 U Do 3s 7314
Do adjust 4s... 93% Korf & W con 4s. 102
Bait & Ohio 4s... 102% Heading gen 4s... 100
D ° 3%s 90%'rtL & I M con 53.117%
Do conv 4s ...10714 St 1, & S P 4s.. 9S
Can South 2dF...10» |!t L S W lsts... 9S»4
Central of Gaos-..109 Oo 2ds : 85
i Do 1st inc 84% fan A &' A P 4s.. 90%
I Ches & Ohio 4%s.lOS% Southern Pac 4s.. 98%
Chi & Alton .1%s. 85% Southern Ry 5s... 123%
i C B & Q new 4s. ItO^ Texas & Pac lsts. 119
j C M&StP gen 4s. llSi* «?ol St L & W 4s. 82%
i Chi & NW con 7s.l3S Union Pacific 4s..lO«>4
O R I & Pac 48.111% Do conv 4s 100^,
CCC&St L gen 4s.lO2 Wabafh lsts 119?i
•"hi Term 4s 90% Do 2ds 111%
¦ Colo & South 4s.. 95% Do deb B 75%
Denver & R G 4s.lO4%iWest Shore 4s 114%
prie prior lien 4s.l00%jW & L Erie 4s... 95
! Do gen 4s fiS | Wisconsin Cen 4s. 94
J't W & D C lsts. 11.;% Con Tob 4s CC--4
I Hocking Val 4'/>s.lll |
NEW TORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 20 Little Chief 12
Alice 45 Ontario 8 00
Breece 50 Ophlr 120
Brunswick Con.. 09 Phoenix 0C
Comstock Tun .. 03% Potosl 28
I Con Cal & Ya ... I 30 Savage 12
Dead wood Terra. 1 00 Sierra Nevada... 18
Horn Silver 1 30 Small Hopes 40
Iron Silver 75 Standard 3 20
Lead vl lie Con ... 05
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — Westing Com ...107
Call loans 4 @5 Mining —
Time loans 4%@5 Adventure 23%
Bonds — ' Allouez :»H
Atchison 4s 102-4 Amal Copper ... 69
Gas 1st 94 Daly West 44V'a
Mex Cent 4s 81 Blngham .. .. 35%
Railroads — Calumet & Hecla.BSO
Atchison 80% Centennial 19%
Do prefd 9SV> Copper Range .. 5S»4
Boston & Albany.262 Dom Coal i:K>%
Boston & Maine.lOS Franklin 11
Boston Elev 165 Isle Royale 12
Fitchburg preid.,145 Mohawk 42%
I Union Pacific ...104% Old Dominion 20%
Mex Central 20% Osceola <il%
I Miscellaneous — Parrot 30
' Amer Sugar ....128% Qulncy ISO
' Do prefd 118»4 Santa Fe Copper. 2%
Amer Tel & Tel. 77*4 Tamarack 1R2
Dom Iron & Steel 60"* Trinity 13
Gen Electric 320 Trimountaln 100
Mass Klectric . . . 44% United States 20»4
Do prefd 98 Utah 21 %
N E Gas & Coke. 3!) i Victoria 4V t
United Fruit 10«Vi ! Wlr.ona 29i
U S Steel 40 I Wolverines 55
I Do prefd 89 ;i ' United Copper . . . 35%
I LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
Cons for money Louis & Nash 141%
96 11-10 Mo, Kans & Tex. 2OJs
Cons for acct.9C 15-10 Do prefd 00 »
! Anaconda 0 NY Central 100%
i Atchison 83% Nor & West 59%
j Do prefd 101% Do prefd 92
; Bal & Ohio 109U Ont & West .... 24%
: Can Pacific 143% So Railway 38%
! Ches & Ohio ... 48% j- Do prefd 97U
Chi G West 30 So Pacific CC%
C. M & St Paul.. 174% j Union Pacific ...107%
Den & Rrlo G 4VA Do Drefd .00%
Do prefd 03% U S Steel 41>4
Erie •¦!!<% Do prefd ...... ! 92%
Do Jst prefd... 70 Wabash 27%
Do 2d prefd 54 • Do prefd 45
Illinois Central ..157 Spanish 4s 7954
Bar silver^' steady. 23 15-1 Od per ounce;
I money, 2%ig2% per cent. The rate ot discount
ir. the open market for short bills is 2^4 per
I cent and for three months' bills is 2% per cent.
; Nezv York Money Market.
NEW YORK, June 2. — Money on call was !
firmer at 3@4% per cent; closing bid and asked, j
3@4 per cent; prime mercantile paper, 4%!&5
per cent. Sterling exchange was steady, with
actual business in bankers' bills at $4 87@
4 S7>; for demand and at $4 S4%@4 84% for !
' sixty days; posted rates, $4 S5%ig4 88; com- :
! mercial bills. $4 83%<&4 84%. Bar silver. 5is>ic.
Mexican dollars, 41%c. Bonds — Governments,,
weak; States, strong; railroads. Irregular.
London Market..
NEW YORK, June 2.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London 'financial cablegram sayr:
The streets were filled by crowds waving flags,
but enthusiasm wag absent. On the exchange
after the initial singing of tho national an
them the market was fairly active, but there
was no rush. Dealings in Kaffirs was begun
at 9 o'clock, but^as soon as prices were hoisted
there was -free profit-taking by Insiders and
speculators who bought weeks ago. The public
bought moderately, but the buying . did not
balance the realizations. The close was dull,
but there was a good undertone. A general
broadening of the market is anticipated. Con
j eols touched 08 with the dividend. There was
j a bis business, then the price dwindled to
"96 15-1C ex-dividend, equivalent to 97%, with
the dividend or 3-16 up for the day. Invest
ment shares were generally good. American
Ftocks were hardly mentioned. They were
sympathetically strong early, but reacted later
with the rest of the market. Canadian Pacific
was strong on Montreal buying. Peace had
no money market effect, as money is light.
Discount houses raised the deposit rates halt'
to 2 per cent. Copper fortnightly statistics
show a decrease in stocks of 72S tons and in
supplies of 1278 tons.
Pub'ic DM S'atement.
WASHINGTON, June 2.— The monthly
Ftatement of the public debt. Issued by the
Treasury Department to-day, shows that, at
the close of business May 31, 1002, the debt
less cash In the treasury, amounted to $982,
469,573, a decrease, as compared with last
ir.onth. of $640,403. The debt is recapitulated
as follows:
Interest-bearing debt $ 931,070,340
Debt on which interest has ceased
Elnce maturity 1,001,880
Debt bearing no Interest 1. 395,447, 5S2
Total $1,327,810,802
This amount, however, does not Include
$332,150,089 in certificates and treasury
notes outstanding, which are offset by an.
<qua! amount of cash on hand, which is held
for their redemption. .' . •¦
The cash in the treasury is classified as fol
lows:
Gold reserve fund $ 150,000,000
Tnii't fund 832.186.0S9
Ovr.il fund, including $124,
8S2.004 in national bank de
posits 275.619,822
Total $1,257,305,011
Against which there are demand liabilities
outstanding amounting to $192,455,681. which
leaves a cash balance on hand of $345,350,229.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. June 2. — To-day's statement
of the treasury balances shows:
Available cash balances. $195,350,229; gold"
$90,554,302, •
Stocks of Grain. ]
Produce Exchange Grain Inspector Steller. re
ports Etocke of grain In warehouse and on
wharf June 1, In ton?, as follows:
WHEAT. May 1. June 1.
Port Costa SO.^O." i>2,007
Btockton 25.1!):: 17.192
Kan Francisco 1.520 S8.J
BARLEY. May L June 1.
Port Costa 7.SS7 1,4S<J
Stockton 3,442 l,17;l
a&n Francisco 2.44-J U.51S
Oats 5.7S9 R.451
Corn S91 1,420
Bran 83 152
Receipts in May were as follows: Barley.
jS.wes tons; CatF, 70j tons; Corn, 14XI tone;
Bran, H&3 tonF.
Dried Fruits in Nczv York.
The New Tork Journal of Commerce says:
"Private ei&U advices from the coast say:
'The ISX'1 crops of fruits arc now nearly a thing
cf the past. Witfc the exception of a few care
of prunes, 12 to 15 carloads of peaches and
eorae raisins the .stock, is entirely exhausted.
The few remaining peaches and prunes of laat 1
year's crop will all be gor.e before new fruits
e.re on the market, and the raisins, which are
here h-Ad principally by the Pacific Coafct
Seeded Raisin Company, will al;;o go out in the |
seeded et&te before new crop raisins are ready
for market. There is still a considerable quan
tity of 1900 crop prunes remaining here, all
of which, excepting the sizes over 100s, are
jointly owned by two firms. These old prunes
¦My well be classed as veterans when they en
ter upon theij^ third campaign this fall.
" 'We are now about to enter upon a season
. v hich, :rom present indications, promises an I
Fibundant yield for all varieties of fruits, with
•Uie single exception of pears. Weather condi
tions have been most favorable, and the re
sult is if nothing unforeseen occurs between
now and the curing season that we ehall have
one or the heaviest crops ever harvested in the
Stats. The scarcity of labor during the har- j
restlDS season promises to be a serious ques
tion, and the output of cried fruit will doubt- )
1-ss be curtailed to a considerable extent on j
that account. New apricots will be ready lor
delivery in about forty to fifty days, depend- !
ins ui-on weather conditions: new peaches j
early in August; pears late in August; prunes
early in September, and raisins early in Octo
ber.' "
Washington Crop Bulletin.
The report of G. N. Salisbury, section di
rector of the United States Weather Bureau,
for the V.'ashineton Crop Bulletin, week ended j
May 27, is as .follows:
"The striking characteristic cf the week just
past was the spell of four days of heavy, soak- j
ing rain that occurred tfcrouchout the eaet- 1
em and southern counties from the l&th. <o the ¦
22d. inclusive. From one to two inches of water j
f€ll in that time. The following three dayb I
were pleasant, growing Quite warm on Sunday .
and Monday.
"Previous to the warm days the growth of j
vegetation was very Blew, but the v.arm spell |
has doubtless given all crope a great impetus, t
It is considered conjectural what effect the very 1
heavy rains will have upon the crop of wheat j
and "other train. If run does not set in, as j
tamf are Inclined to fear, wheat will receive |
preat benefit from the plentiful moisture tee
eoll has been stored with.
•'The fore part of the week was too wetter
farm work. Planting is practically finished. I
however, and plowing for summer fallow will j
new be continued. Wheat is all stooled out ;
well and covers the ground completely. Fall j
wheat is now IS Inches to 2 feet high, and ,
the earliest is beginning to head. In Columbia |
County, where wheat raising has given place
to barley raising in a measure, the barley looks
very well. Oats are up and growing well In
the Skasit country. Potatoes on the dry lands
Vjok well, but in the bottoms it has been too
i wet and cold for them. Hops have qfcit grown i
»¦»-:! during the past week. It is now quite
y'rtain that plums, prunes and cherries were
t>*aly injured by the cold rains ten days ago.
Grass and clover are luxuriant, making the
meadows very fine. Early strawberries are
Just ripening; the crop is ten days late.'"
Weather Report.
<120th Meridian — Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. June 2 — 5 p. m.
San Francisco data — Maximum temperature,
CO; minimum. 50; mean, 55.
Sales on the Stock and Bond Exchange in
May were as follows: »
STOCK AND BOND SALES.
On the Produce Exchange to j day the butter
market was steady. Creameries. 18®22c; dai
ries. 18019c: cheese, easy, 10@ll%c; eggs, firm,
fresh, 11%@11%c.
San Quentln, 5.55c; Wool Bags. 32@35c; Fleece
Twine, 7%<gSc.
COAL— Wellington. $0 per ton; SouthHeld
Wellicgton. $0; Seattle. $d 50; Bryant. $8 50;
Roslyn ?7; Coos Bay. |5 CO; Greta, $8; Walls
end,-fSPO; Co-operative Wallsend, $8 50; Cum
berland, $12 in bulk and $1^25 In sacks; Penn
sylvania Anthracite Egg. ; Welsh Anthra
cite, $14; Cannel, $11 per ton; Coke, |1» per
ten In bulk and ?17 In sacks; Kocky Moun
tain descriptions. *S 45 per 2t)00 lbs and !}s Ut
per ton. accord:nsr to brand.
Harrison's circular says: "During the weelc
there have been three arrivals of ccal from,
British Columbia. i;j,S30 tons; two from Ore
gon, 5CJ0 tons; one from Washington, 3500 tons: 1
two from Australia, 00C6 tons; total. 23.63<J
tons. The quantity delivered here this week Is
fully equal to any demand 1 that may spring up
In the next few weeks. The complaint troiu:
domestic and foreign importers is very general;
that is, that it is difficult to find buyers at
covering prices. Services of steamers and sail- .
ers for coal carrying are being very freely of
fered by owners at very generous rates, lower
than heretofore known for years, still at th»
reduced rates very few engagements are being
made. Freights from Australia in this direc
tion are exceedingly low, In consequence of
ths comparative failure of the grain cropa
throughout the colonies, and on arrival here
owners will .find very little remuneration for
their property in the present schedule of out
ward grain freights. The coal strike in tho
East only affects this market as far as hard
coals are concerned, of which but very little
Is now being used here. Fuel oil continues to
be the favorite fuel with steam producers.- It is
both effective and economical. The unpleasant
weather so far this spring ha3 helped to ' in
crease the sale of coal for household purposes."
OIL — California Castor ' Oil, in cases,
No. 1. 70c; pure. $120; Linseed Oil.
In barrels, boiled, 75c; raw, 73c; case3. 5c more;
Lucol. CSc for boiled and 66c for raw. In bar
rels; Lard Oil, extra winter strained, barrels.
$1; cases. $1 05; China Nut. 57%@tiSc per gal
lon; pure Neatsfoot. In barrels. 70c; cases. 75c;
Sperm, pure. 65c; Whale Oil. natural white.
•10C(."'0c per gallon: Fish Oil, barrels. 42 %c;
cases, 47%c; Cocoanut Oil. barrels. 63%c for
Ceylon and 58 %c for Australian.
COAL OIL — Water White Coal OH. In bulk.
13W.@14c; PearlrOil. in cases, 20c; Astral. 20c;
Star, 20c; Extra Star. 23c; Elaine, 25c; Eocene.
22c- deodorized stove Gasoline, in bulk. ltSc;
In 'cases. 22%c; Benzine, In bulk. 14%c; lu
cases, 21c; 8ti-desree Gasoline, In bulk. In
cases, 26%c.
TURPENTINE^ — 69c per gallon In cases and
63c In drums and iron barrels.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as f ollowa. per pound. In 100-1*
bags: Cubes, A, Crushed and Fine Crushed,
4.50c; Powdered. 4.35c; Candy Granulated.
4 SEc; Dry Granulated Fine, 4.2oc; Dry Granu
lated Coarse, 4.25c; Fruit Granulated. 4.25e;
Beet Granulated (100-lb bags only), none;'
Confectioners' A. 4.25c; Magnolia A. 3.S5c;.
Extra C. 3.75c: Golden C, "D," 3.53c;
barrels 10c more; half-barrels, 25c more;
boxes. '50c more; 50-lb bags, 10c more for all
kinds Dpmlnos — Kalf-barrels. 4.75c; boxen,
5c p«r lb. No order taken for less than 73
barrels or its equivalent. •
Receipts of Produce.
MONDAY, JUNE 2.
Flour qr sks... 25.720 Middlings, sks . 472
Wheat ctls ... 1,040 Bran, sks l.tmT
Barley ctls ... 2,620 Straw, tons ... 34
Oats ctls ..... 170 Tallow, ctls ... 211
Corn" ctls ..... 2,210 Pelts, bdls 73
Beans ska .... 18 Hides, no. .... 61
Potatoes, ska .. 1.702 Q'ksilver. flska. . J3»
Onions, sks ... 2»K.| Leather, rolls.. ?3
"Shorts, ska 100 Wine, gals 83, (W«
Feed 5ks ...... 620 Lime, bbls .... 182
Wool", bales ... VO Sugar, ctls .... 1,103
Hay. tons ..... 454
OREGON.
Potatoes, sks .. 167. Bran, sks ..... 3,4f©
Wool, bales ... 6|Flaxseed. sks . S4<J
Flour qr sks . 12,210 1
NEW YOK'.C. June 2.— None of the develop
ments sine? the Stock Exchange closed on
Thursdav aft- moon availed to induce any ac
tivity in th< trading. Neither the declaration
of peace in South Africa nor the acute stage
reached in the anthracite strike awakened any
interest in the stock market. There vras some
early demand for frr-iin carrying railroads, ow
ing to the larse advance in ihe clearings re
ported for April over those of last JW-^ The
very light movement of sr.iin. especially ol
ccrn. owing to last year's crop failure, and the
l.romising outlook Jor a full crop this year,
gave added force to this showing. Lnion 1 a
cific Burlington Canadian P-eiiic. among the
Siain-carriers and Reading. Lebigh Valley and
Norfolk and Western, amor.? the Eastern
lines show increases in April clearings of from
S100.000 to nearly $300,000. The languid re
sponse to the peace news wa« i:i accord with
the tone of the London market Itself, cut tnero
was undoubtedly realizing on a lame scale on
the part of speculators who have oougnt for
several days past in anticipation of peace.
This speculatiVe profit-taking, however, floes
not alter the importance to the whole financial
world of the ending of the war. the stoppage
cf expenditures unproductive from the econ
omic standpoint. an-I the promise of renewal
of the abundance of money metal from tne
South African pold mines. The reports from
the anthracite region received in \\ all street
were not reassuring. The conviction is gen
eral that the money market must be kept free
from extraordinary strains until the outlook
is dearer fur the meeting of oblations in tne |
fall The heavy borrowings from abroad, j
which must be met. ?.nd the probability of an
active trade demand for money into the inter
ior of the country incite to caution until the
attitude of the foreign borrowers at the period
of renewals becomes evident. In eontrast to
the feeling in New York that demands may be
made upon us by foreign creditors is the feel
ing in London financial circles that New York
may make further heavy demands abroad for
the relief of her money market. The London
Statist points out that "for several years past
*nierica has accepted payment in securities
for its produce and manufactures, but with
money less plentiful In New York it may this
year "elect to take payment in cash. The
Statist sets the possibility that America may
renew the loans obtained on that side in ad
dition to taking gold in payment for exports.
The whole problem, of course, turns largely on
the size of the coming corn crop.
Bonds were dull and irregular. Total sales,
par value $3.105, 0C0.
United States 2s and old 4s declined V s and
the new 4s li per cent en the last call.
Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atchison 18.500 81->s S0?4 S0%
Itehsonpfd 3.100 J)9 0S% 08 Vi
Bal«~o« P &Ohlo.. 15J.0 lOBtt 100 10C
Halt & Ohio pfd... 100 floVj 0->Vi 9o
Canadian Pactfc... 38.100 140% 188* 138%
CiT'-ada Southern • 9»>ra
Ches & Ohio".-. 400 4*5% 46^4 46%
Chicago & Alton.. 1,300 Zl% 37% 3JV4
Ohgo & Alton pfd.. ..... - ;;; ; ;.--••• i«5»
§K I § 8S£ 2.366 m 'M S4
Ch&o & G W A pfd •¦••• &S$
S^Sf "5V* 256" 256- 250^
Chfo R I fc Pic..- 400 173'i 173 17a
SE?TT*pE?:.--i66 »a :'3sv J
C C C & St Louis 10*H
Colo Southern 600 31% ol 81k
Colo So 1st pfd.... ; <"
Colo So 2d pfd ••- - ••;; .i{
Del & Hudson 500 Ii5 l<4»i 1<4
gin S^ "^ iiif- itig %
Den & Rio Gr pfd. 400 ,00^ 00% 90^
Ere ist'pf'.i ....... 400 08 67^ 67%
Erie 2d pjd 400 52% 52 61%
n Xnrthern Df d .... .... lS-t 1O'»
HoVkfng VaUey... 2.500^67% SO 86
Hocking Val pfd... 400 J» 02% $)2
Illinois Central.... 300 153 J4 1^2% Io3
Iowa Central 100 46'^ 4b% 40
Iowa Central pfd.. ...^ ¦¦¦¦ ¦¦¦¦ Wit
Lake Erie & W.... 200 06 66 65
Lake Erie & W pfd ..... ¦¦¦¦ •••• 12o
LoulBville & Nash 100 338 13S 131
Manhattan Kiev 200 132% 131Ts 131%
Metrop St Ry 500 148% 148 147%
Mexican Central •- •••• -•-- f r >Vi
Mexican National.. 100 19 lS'./fc
Minn & St Louis.. 200 11Ui 111 11 l'-i
Missouri Pacific... 5,000 100% ¦ 0D% 'M%
Mo. Kans & Texas. 200 25% 25% 25%
Mo. K & Tex pfd • 500 5C% 56V* . 6«
Vew Jersey Cent 1S4
New York Central. ft'K) 157^ 156 >,i 150 U
Norfolk & T\*est... 300 571& * 67% 67V4
Norfolk & W pfd SO
Ontario & Western 400 33 32% 32%
Pennsylvania ~. 2.300 14!)»V 149^, 149
Heading 23.200 <W% «!2% f,2 7,
Reading 1st pfd 1,200 83Vi 8'J S2'i
Reading 2d pfd 1,200 C8% C8'i 08
St Louis & S F 4,400 09% «8 69 .
S L & S F 1st pfd 400 R4Vi 83v4 84%
S L & S F 2d pfd 800 72% 71% 72
St Louis Swestem 27
St L Swestern pM. 500 K9 58% 53
St Paul 16,600 170% IG»% JCO%
ft Paul pfd 100 190 190 180
Southern Pacific .. 4,300 65 04% 6J%
Southern Ry pfd.. 1.000 95 94% 94%
Southern Railway . 2,400 37 2C",fc 30%
Texan & Pacific... J00 41»4 4114 4Ui
Tol. Ft L & W 200 21 21 21-
Tol. B L & W pfd 100 37% HI% 37%
Union Pacific 2-"., TOO 105% ld+% 104%
Union Pacific .pfd.,. 1.000 Rft-% S7T<, S7%
Wabash 1.900 27 V, 20% 2C%
Wabash pfd 4,000 44% 44 41%
Wheeling & L E .. 100 22% 22 V- 22
W & L E 2nd pfd .-{5
Wis Central l.ROO 28% 27% 27^
Win Centra! pfd 000 5C 40% 49%
Express Companies — .
Adams ;. 200 ¦
American „ 21-*t
Doited States H5
Wells Fargo 200
MlKcellaneou? —
Amalgamated Cop . 8.400 fiO% fi8T4 69
Amer Car & Found. 1,000 31% 31 ii 31%
Amer Car & F pfd . . .100 fli ; »l ,, j)i
Amer Lineed Oil... SCO 26% 20% 20%
Amor Linseed O pfd 5014
Amrr S & R 2,"00 4R% (48% 4«?%
Amer S & R pfd . r >f»0 f»S% 9S% f!S"i
Anaconda Min Co.. 100 nfi'A lifiu, iii>i/,
Prook Rap Tran.... 2.10O C7% C0 T^ 0f,%
Col Fuel & Iron 1.200 100% 100 ldOi^
Con Gas 222%
Cont Tob pfd 3.C00 124 J22T4 123%
General Elec 300 321% 320^ 320
Hooking Coal 17%
Internet Paper .... 20%
Int Paper pfd 200 74 74 74«
UcWe Gas - ' 8fl
Notional Biscuit ... r.00 • -JS 47% 47%
National Lead 100 22% ' 22% 2?%
North American 12^%
Pacific Coast ..: CO
New York Stock Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 85V4
Sterling Cables, sight — * 88
Sterling Cables ...• — *»»
New York Exchange, sight..... — 15
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 17 V4
Silver, per ounce — "^
Mexican Dollars, nominal — 4«»V3
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT The foreign markets were easy,
with lower futures. The world's shipments for
the week were as follows, in quarters: Rus
sian, 23O.CC0: Danubian, 70,000; Argentine, 40.
000- Indian, 77,000. The American visible sup
ply decreased 2,425,000 bushels.
Chicago was heavy on the weak cables, with
small trading, though there was no pressure.
Houses with Eastern connections were heavy
buyers of September.
In this market shipping grades remained un
changed, but futures were lower.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 13«i ; milling, $1 lu
@1 IC',4 per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 0:15 o'clock— December —
" Second Session— December — 34,000 ctls, $111;
2G00, $1 10%.
Regular Morning Session — December — 42,000
ctls, $1 ll ] /s-
Afternoon Session — December — 10,000 ctls,
BARLEY — The week opened decidedly firm
er. The close of the May deal has cleared the
alnjosphere and the house to which the May
Barley was delivered is holding firmly at the
improved quotations below. Futures are also
firmer, with considerable activity.
The first car of new Barley is in from Jules
Cain & Co., Volta, to L. Kaufmann, selling at
!>5c. It was light in weight and bright ir.
color, but contained more or less smut.
Feed, »8%c®$l for No. 1 and 05@07Vic for
off grades; brewing and shipping grades, ?1;
Chevalier, $1 20 asked for standard.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock— December—
1*000 ctls, S3c; 2000, S3 ! 4c.
Second Session — No tales.
Regular Morning Session — December — GOCO
ctls, S3%c: 4000, S3Vic: 40C0, 83%c; 10,000,
83 %c. July, new— 20C0. 84%c; 10,000. 85c;
2000, S5%c.
Afternoon Session — December — C00O ctls.
83%c.
OATS— The market is In exceptionally strong
shape all over the coast.
The British Government, havlns cleaned up
all the stock in the Domfnion. has been obliged
to draw en the Puget Sound region for supplied
for South Africa, and /it is said that the Puget
Sound holders have pooled and sold practically
their whole ttock. In. addition to this British
demand it is reported that the American Gov
ernment ie in the northern market for 1600
tons. This is expected to be drawn largely
from the San Francisco market, hence it will"
be seen that the situation is one of great
strength. Our local market feels this, and.
large sales have lately been made here at firm
but unchanged prices. The stock on hand in
warehouse and on wharf June 1 was 3451 tons,
against 5789 tons May 1.
Grays. $1 37H@1 45: whites. $1 35@1 50:
milling, $1 5001 55; black. $1 25@1 35; red,
51 82%®1 45 per ctl.
.CORN — Chicago was unsettled but firm, de
clining from 61%c to 60%c and recovering to
C2"5ic. Tha strength was due to covering by
shorts, and very small country acceptances,
and also to some support given the market by
the principal holders.
This market was quiet and weak, with stocks
in warehouse and on wharf June 1 of 1420
tens, asainst 891 tons May 1. Quotations show
a slight decline.
Larse Yellow. $1 45O1 50: small round do,
$1 50®l 52%: White, $1 55@1 60. .
RYE — JM)W!)5c per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— $2 25<g2 50 per ctl asked.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras. $3 50@
3 78.. usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 40<g>3 B0;
Oregon. $2 75®3 25 per barrel for family and
$3@3 60 for Bakers'; Washington Bakers', $3@
3 60.
MILLSTUFFS— Price's In .sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to th"e trade; Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs: Rye Flour. $3: Rye Meal,
S3 75; Rice Flour. $7: Corn Meal. S3 25; extra
cream do $4; Oat Groats, $5 25: Hominy. $4Q>
4 25- Buckwheat Flour, $4 50@4 75; Cracked
Wheat $3 50; Farina. $4 50"; Whola Wheat
Flour '$3 2.">; Rolled Oats (barrels). $7 35@9; In
sacks' $6 85@8 50: Pearl Barley. $5 50; Split
Peas. $5 50; Green Peas. $G 50 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Dealers continue to quote Bran and Mid
dlings very firm. Hay Is still weak, with am
ple receipts. New volunteer wild oat is sell
ing at, $7 50@8 50 and new wheat at $8 50®
BRAN $18 50(??19 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $21 ttHi per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $21@22 per
ton- Oilcake Meal at the Mill, $25@26; job
bing $2« 50027; Cocoanut Cake. $20@21; Corn
Meal (31032: Cracked Corn". $31 50032 50;
Mixed Feed. %\G&\~i: Cottonseed Meal, $26 50.
HAY— Extra fine Wheat. $12: fair to choice
do $V» 50@ll 50: Wheat and Oat. $9@11 50;
Oat SS'aiO r.0: Alfalfa. $7@11 ; Clover. $7©3;
Volunteer $6 5O@S.5O: Stock, $6@S per ton.
STRAW— 10@lS5r. per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
A few narrow fluctuations in Beans will bo
observed. The market continues quiet and
featureless.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 So®.*? 10: small White.
52 35@2 45; large white, $2 20f2 35; Pea, $3 25
50; Pink. $2©2 20 A^ e -X * 2 50: Blacke ve,
%i f)0@5; Limas, $3 60®3 70; Red Kidneys,
53 Bfl®3 75 per ctl.
SEEDo — Trieste Mustard. $2 C0®2 65. ~>llow
Mustard $3 25©3 50; Flajc. $2 25@2 50; Cana
ry 3Vic'for Eastern: Alfalfa from Utah, 10 : Ji@
11% c; California. . 10@10&c;' Rape. l%@2Uc';
Hrmv 3Vbc per lb.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles. $1 75@2; Green, $1 40®
1 68: Blackeye, $1 75@2.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
New Potatoes ! In boxes from the river were
easier, as receipts were heavy and there was
much small stock offering. Some strictly fancy
stock sold a little higher than the quotations,
but such sales were few. Offerings In eacks
•were dull and plentiful. The market for old
continued inactive . .
Receipts of Onions were light, but price*
were unchanged, as there were large quantities
of carrled-over stock offering. .
String and Wax Beans continued very weak
under excessive supplies, with some poor stock
from Los Angeles selling at $1 per sack.' Choice
offerings of Asparagus meet with a steady de
mand but second-class stock moves slowly. Re
ceipts of Peas continue large and only, fresh
stock ,1s* quoted .below. The canners bought a
small 'quantity at 60c per sack. A small con
signment of Green Corn from Vacaville sold at
75c per dozen. ¦¦ . \
POTATOES — New Potatoes, $1 25@1 65 In
sacks: and $lftl 50 In boxes; old,.00c@$l 25 for
Fairbanks frcm the river: from Oregon and
Washington, $10125; River Reds, $125;
Oregon Burbanks, for seed, 0Oc@$l 10.
¦
WEATHER AND CROP CONDITIONS.
Napa— Cherries ripening nicely; medium crop;
sood quality.
Hollister— Fruit doing well; peaches, prunes
heavy; pears light oroi>.
Riverside — Oranges setting well, thouch five
weeks later than last year.
Santa Maria— Grain promises good average
crop- beans uncertain: apricots fair: beets good.
Palermo— Hay damaged slightly-by rain.
Newman— Grain doing nicely; weather favor-
Santa Rosa— Fruit maturing apparently very
Merced— Barley harvest commences to-day;
wheat in eood condition.
* ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Section Director.
I ONIONS — Australian, $3 25@3 50; second
hands; new red. 35@5£c .per sack; Sllverskins,
40@50c pt.- box.
VEGETABLES — Asparagus, extra fancy,
$2 25&2 50 per box, $1 ZOfi'2 for No. 1 and 75c
@$1 40 for No. 2; Rhubarb, 50@75c per box;
! extra fancy, 00c@?l; Green Peas, 40@75c per
sack; ..Garden Peas, $1@1 25 per sack; String
I Beans, 2<@"3c per lb and 2©3c for Wax; Cab
j bage, - f>Oc@$l per ctl ; L03 Angeles Tomatoes,
> $2 50®2 75 per crate ; Mexican Tomatoes, $21*
| 2 50 per box; Dried Peppers, 10!g>llc per lb:
i Los Angeles do, 13@17Mic; Carrots, $1 per
j sack; Cucumbers fom Marysville. $1@1 50 per
: box; from Arizona, $1 25 per box; Hothouse do,
25@75c per dozen; Garlic. 2@3>£c for new; Los
Angeles Green Peppera, 12%@15c; Mexican do,
15@20c; Egg Plant, from Los Angeles. 7@10c:
Summer Squash, ?1@1 25 for small boxes and
$2 25@2 50 for large; Marrowfat Squash,
$15<g2O per ton; Hubbard Squash, $15@20.
Poultry and Game.
One car of Eastern Poultry wan put. on the
market and sold promptly at good prices. Re
| ccipts of- California were very light and the
I quotations were unchanged.
There is little demand for ' Game, but the
. quotations are generally obtained for what
comes in.
POULTRY — Live Turkeys, 13@14c for Gob
blers and 13@14c for Hens; Geese, per pair,
j $1 25<f?l 50; Goslings, $1@1 50; Ducks, $;; 5t>
®4 for old and $4 u0@0 for young; Hens, $4®
' f> OO; young Roosters, $6 50@8; old Roostera,
I $4 25@4 50; Fryers, $4@5; Broilers, $3@3 50 for I
i large and $1 75@2 25 for small; Pigeons, $175
per dozen for old and 51 25@1 50 for Squabs.
GAME-^Hare, 75c@$l ; Rabbits, $1 50 for
Cottontails and $1 for Brush. .-
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
The situation in these products remains as
before stated. Receipts of Butter are alto
gether too large, and dealers are still packing
and storing from 50 to 75 per cent. In spite
oi" this there are large stocks on the floors, and
the commission houses are trying to work off
their surplus en each other at concessions. The
feeling is naturally weak under these condi
tions, and the market is decidedly top-heavy.
Cheese continues weak, with large stocks.
Eggs are steady. Receipts are somewhat
lighter, but there are still a good many on the
marketl Fine ranch continue to rule firm.
Quotations show no change.
Receipts were 61,300 pounds, 11 kegs and
450 cubes of Butter, 1010 cases of Eggs. 400
cases of Eastern Eggs, 7850 pounds of Califor
nia Cheese and 24,000 pounds of Eastern Cheese,
i BUTTER — Creamery, 21@21%c per pound for
I fancy, 20@20 1 / 4c for firsts and 19%@20cfor sec
onds; dairy, 16@20c; store Butter, 14@16c per
pound.
CHEESE — New. 8%@9%c: old, 9@llo; Young
America, 8@10c; Eastern, 13® 15c per pound.
EGGS — Ranch, 19@20c for fancy and ltiigJlSo
for fair to good; store. 15@16%c per dozen.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Owing to the recent rain receipts of Cherries
and Berries were lighter than usual and prices
were higher in consequence. A large portion
of the Cherries showed the effects of the rain,
but the market cleaned up nevertheless.
Early Alexander Peaches, the first of the sea
son, appeared from Vacaville, one box and one
crate being received. The former sold for $1.
but the other was unsold owing to the green
ness of the fruit. Green Apples from the same
place sold at 40@60c per box and Cherry Plums
brought 50c per drawer.
i At the Orange auction 4 cars of assorted fruit
! were offered and sold as follows: Choice Na
j vels, $1 35@2 75; Mediterranean Sweets, $2 10
@2 05 for fancy. $1@1 75 for choice and 90c@
i $1 25 for standards; Valencias, $3@3 55 for
J fancy and $2@3 25 for choice. In the open
| market all descriptions of Oranges were well
i cleaned up and prices were unchanged. .
There is nothing new to report In other
fruits.
STRAWBERRIES — $5@8 per chest fbr Long
worths and. $3 50@ti for Malindas; crates from
Florin, . /
RASPBERRIES— $S@11 per chest; crates
from .LoomiE. S5c(g$l.
LOGAN BERRIES per drawer; crates
from Wallace, 2 .
BLACKBERRIES — In crates from Loomls,
I $1 25.
' GOOSEBERRIES — 20c to 25c per drawer and
j I 1 /i@2 1 ,f ! c in bulk; English, per drawer and
3(j?5c in bulk, t
| CURRANTS — 35(?i65c per drawer.
! APRICOTS— $t 25@2 per crate; from Yuma,
; $1 50(52 per crate.
J APPLES — $2 5003 per box.
! CHERRIES — White, 25@40c per box; In bulk,.
i 2@4c; Black, 40@75c per box and 4@7c in bulk;
i Royal Anne, 75c per box.
FIGS — Black, from Yuma, ?3@3 25 per box.
i CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges, $2@3,75
i according to size and quality; Seedlings, $1 50
(12 25; Mediterranean Sweets, $1 25^2 50: St.
| Michaels. $1 50@2; Valencias. $2 oO<33 50; \
i Malta Blood Oranges, $1 50@2; Tangerines, In
i quarter boxes/ , and .' in half
I boxes; Lemons, 75c@$l for common and $1 25@ ,
i 1 75 for good to choice and $2@2 75 for fancy:
Grape Fruit, 75c<@$2; Mexican Limes, $4@4 50;
Bananas, $2@3 per bunch for New Orleans
ami SI 50@2 25 for Hawaiian; Pineapples, $3@4.
rer^dozen. v .
Dried Fruits, Nuts ¦'and Raisins.
FRUITS — Apricots, 9@10c for Royals and 10
@13c for. standard to fancy Moorparksj* Eva po-"
•rated Apples, 10@ll%c; • smr dried; 6®7c;
j Peaches, 6>/4@8%c: Pears, 6@9c; Plums, pitted.
I 5@GV.c; unpltted, lVi@2%c; Nectraines,'5^4@Cc
for" red and 5V£@6c for white; figs, 3&@4&c
1 for black and 5%@6c for white.
! PRUNES— 1901 crop are quoted as follows:
! 30-40s, e%@C%c; 40-50s, 5@5%c; 50-60s. 4V4@
! 4%c; 60-703, 4@4%c; 70-SOs, 3^@3»4c; 80-9Cs.
; 3®3%c-. 90-100s. 2Vi®2%c per lb.
! RAISINS — Seeded, 3-crown, Sc; 2-crown,
j ~%c; Loose Muscatels, 6>4c for 4-crown and
5%c for seedless; 3-crown, 6c; 2-crown, 5%c;
I Seedless Sultanas, 5%c for unbleached and 7@
i 8'/4c for bleached. Clusters — Imperials, $3;
Dehesa, $2 60; Fancy, $1 50; London Layers,
$1 25® 1 35.
NUTS — Walnuts, No. 1 softshell. ll@ll%c;
No 2 6@7c; No. 1 hardshell, 10@10%c; No. 2,
7c;' Almonds, 10%@12c for papersheil, 9@10c
for softshell and (5@7c for hardshell; Peanuts,
5@7c for Eastern; Brazil. Nuts. 12@12%c; Fil
berts, 12@12%c; Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts,
$3 50@5.
HONEY — Comb, ll@12c for bright and 9@llc
for light amber; water white extracted, 5@
5V>c- ltaht amber extracted, 4@4&c; dark, 4c.
BEESWAX— 27%@29tf per lb. .
Provisions. •
Chicago opened easy in sympathy with the
grain- market, and there wa3 some selling bf
local holders. Later on the market turned
firm and closed somewhat higher on' the day.
Buying by brokers caused the strength.
This market continued dull and nominal.
CURED MEATS — Bacon. 13c per lb for
heavy 13%c for light medium. 14%c for ltjrht.
15%c for extra light and 16@17c for sugar
cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 14iac; Cali
fornia Hams, 13 %® 14c; Mess Beef, $10 per
bbl- extra Mess, $10 50@ll: Family. $1150®
1"- prime Mess Pork. $15@15 50; extra clear,
$23; Mess, S18 50@19; Dry Salt Pork, 12>-ic;
Pig Pork, $25: Vigs' Feet, $4 75; Smoked Beef.
13V>(S14c per ltv.
LARD — Tierces --uoted at 8%@8%c per lb
for compound and W%c for pure; half-barrels,
pure ' 12%c: 10-lb tins, 13Vic; 5-lb tins, 13ftc;
3-lb tin?, 13W-C. _«_
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel, lO'fcc; three
half-barrels, 10»ic; one tierce, 10%c; two
tierces, ioy.c; five tierces, 10%c per lb.
Hides, Taliow, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about Hie under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, lie; medium, 10c; light, 0c; Cow Hides,
0%c for heavy and 9c for light; Stags, 7c;
Salted Kip. Oc; Salted Veal. 9%c; Salted Calf,
10c- Dry Hides, 15@16y.c; Culls, 14®15c; Dry
Kip' ll©13c; Dry Calf. l(i@lSc; Culls and
Brands, 15@lGc; Sheepskins, shearllags, 20^
30c each; short Wool, 40SC0c "Bach; medium,
O54i"5c: Ions Wool, S0c4i$l 20 each; Horsa
! liides salt. $3 for large and ?2 50 for me
dium, $1 50©2 for small and 5Cc for Colts;
Horse Hides, dry, *1 75 for large, $1 5o tor
medium. Sl&l 25 for small and 50c for CoUs. '
Buck Skins — Dry Mexican. o2V2e; dry salt«ru
Mexican, 25c; dry Central American, iKi^c.
Goat Skins — Prime Anuora^, 75c; large and
smooth, 50c; medium. 35c.
TALLOW — No. 1 rendered. 5!a@Co per lb;
No. 2, 4%©3c; srease. 2'i@3Vic.
WOOL — Sprint, Humboldt and Mendoclno,
15@17c; Northern free. 14016c: do. defective,
13@14c; Middle County free. 13©15c: do, de
fective. 12@13c; Southern, 12 months, t>@10c;
do, 7 months, 9<511c: Foothill, ll@13c; Neva
da, 12®15c: Valley Oregon fine. 15<S>16c; do,
medium and coarse. 14@15c per lb.
HOPS — 12c for fair and 13igil4c per lb foi
¦ cood to cholcw. .
San Francisco Meat Market.
DIIESSED MEATS. > " . .
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to deal
ers are as follow*: .
BEEF— 6%@7%c for Steers and C@«%e per
lb for Cows.
VEAL — Large. 7©8c: small. S@9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7%®SVic; Ewes, "!]*,&
Sc !>er lb.
LAMB— Spring Lambs. 9010c per lb.
PORK-*-Dressed Hoes. 7Vj@0%o per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for good sound
livestock delivered at San Fiknclsco. less 50
per cent shrinkage for cattle: .
i : CATTLE — Steers, S%!39c; Cows and Heifers.
i 7@7Vic; thin Cows. 4i&5c!per lb.
CALVES— S@Sttc per lb (cross welEht).
: SHEEP— .Wethers, 4@4&c; Ewes. 3@3i£c per
: lb (gross weishtK /
LAMBS — Suckling ] Lambs. $2 50©2 75 per
• head or 4U.i&5c per lb live weight; yearling*,,
4@444c-per lb.
; HOGS — Live Hogs, 200 lbs and under G%c
. 200 lbs and over. 6@6%c; feeders, ciS'jUe;
bows 20 per cent off, boars 50 per c»at cflt
: and stacs 40 per cent off from the at>o/e quo
tations.
General Merchandise.
BAGS— Grain Bags, June and July, 5%©6c;
SEATTLE, June 2. — Clearings, $CS5,7S5;
ba T a ACOMA! 3 S'2.-Clearlngs, $346,039; bal
ances, $72,785. f
PORTLAND, June 2.— Holiday. ".„.„,.
SPOKANE, June 2. — Clearings, $420,593,
balances, $88,476.
TACOMA,
Bluestem, 66^c
Northern Business.
June 2. — Wheat— Unchanged
o; club, C5%c.
WASHINGTON
PORTLAND. June 2.— Wheat— Walla Walla,
66c: bluestem. 65c
Northern Wheat Market.
was steady. Sales amounted to 50,000 pounds I
casting for the first half of June delivery at
12 &o. Closing prices: Standard spot to Au
gust, 11.75@12c; lake, 12.25@12.60c; electro
lytic, 12@12. 30c; casting, 12@12.2oc. The Lon
don copper market was 12s «d higher than It
closed last Thursday, with spot and forward
deliveries | quoted at £54 12s (id. Tin ruled
quiet locally, with spot standing at $29 50@30. I
London declined £1 to £135 for spot and £131 |
2s 6d for futures. Local lead prices were un- '
changed at $4 37 »,£. London declined Is 3d to
£11 3s 9d. Spelter was unchanged at $4 75 i
and at London unchanged at £1S 5s. The),
local iron market ruled steady. Warrants ;
were nominal ; No. 1 foundry, northern, $19 50
@20 50; No. 2 foundry, northern, $19 50@20 50;
No. 1 foundry, southern, $18 50@l» 50; No. 1
foundry, southern, soft, $18 5O@1O HO. Tha
Glasgow market closed at 54s Od and Mlddles
boro at 49s 7d.
. New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, June 2. — The cotton market
opened steady, with prices 3 points higher to
7 points lower. Closed quiet, net 13@17 point3 j
lower.
Foreign Markets.
'LONDON, June 2. — Consols, 9(5 15-16; silver,
23.15-10d; French rentes, lOlf 70c. Wheat!
cargoes on passage, quiet and steady; cargoes }
Walla Walla, 29s 3d; English country markets, j
dull declined tid; wheat and flour on passage;
to United Kingdom, 4,130,000; wheat and flour
on passage to Continent. 1,460,000.
LIVERPOOL, June 2. — Wheat, easy: No. 1
Standard California, 0s 4V.d@e g 5d; wheat In
Paris, quiet; flour- in Paris, quiet; French
couttt'ry markets, quiet and steady; weather
in England, unsettled.
COTTON — Uplands. 5 5-32d.
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
easy; No 3 spring wheat. 7YV.@72Sic; No. 2
red 7S%®78%c; No. 2 yellow corn. 61%<?i«i2c;
No. 2 oats. 39M«?4lc; No. 2 white. 42%@43c;
No. 3 white. 42^43c; No. 2 rye. 59c; fair to
choice malting barlcv, t»G@C!)c: No. 1 flaxseed,
$1 58; No. 1 Northwestern. $1 7G; prime tim
othy seed, $6 30® 0 35; mess pork per barrel,
$17 20@17 25; lard per. 100 pounds. $10 22>/j«j)
10 25: short ribs sides (loose). $0 75@0 85; dry
salted shoulders (boxed). $8118 25; short clear
sides 'boxed). $10 25©10 35; whisky, basis of
high w.r.es, $1 30; clover, contract grade, $8 35.
Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 25.C00 .SO. 000
Wheat, bushels 37,000 308,000
Corn, bushels ".77,000 300,000
Oats, bushels 37S.0OO 272,000
Barley, bushels ¦ . 32,000 2.000
Oats shared in the general depression at the
opening. Trade was light njl day owing to the
restriction by heavy receipts. The corn, strength
helped prices late and July closed firm, %c up
at 30%c.
Hog prices, which were weak early, gradu
ally strengthened and on good support by pack
ers and the grain strength the, provision list
firmed up and closed strong, July pork 7*4e
higher, lard 5c up and ribs 7V£@10c higher.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2 —
Decembec VI % 72 71% 71%
July 71% 72V* 71Mi 72»t
September 70Vi 7014 70 70%
Corn No. 2 —
December ..,.. 4JM, 44% 43% 43%
July .. .. til 62% 60*i «2Vi
September ZS% 5Q\i 5SH 59
Oats No. 2—
July r.i 35 34 ¦ 34%
July (new) 3<Hs 37 36 36%
Sept. (old) 27% 2S 27>4 27-4,
Sept. (new) ... 29^ 30^ • 29% 29 &
Mess Pork per barrel —
July 17 05 17 17',i 17 00 17 17Vi
September 17 15 17 00 17 10 17 30
Lard per 100 pounds —
July .., 10 20 10 25 10 15 10 25
September 10 25 10 30 10 20 10 30
Short Ribs per 100 pounds-
July 9 75 0 82> j 9 70 9 82%
September 9 75 0 80 9 70 . 9 80
Wheat was helped materially by the strength
in corn. As in the corn pit, conditions in the
wheat pit were very bearish early in the day.
The general sentiment favored selling In spite
of the fact that there had been good declines
for threo days. Yet cables were weak, the
Southwest sold on its good weather and gen
eral reports of favorable weather after heavy
rains, commission houses were sellers and the
crcwd naturally followed suit. September soon
began to pick up on buying by spreaders who
sold July. A fairly steady trade kept prices
up after the early dip, but it was free covering
by shorts later in the day in the corn situa
tion and liberal foretgn clearances that turned
the price up.- July opened %c to %c down at
71%@71%c, rallied to 72'ic and closed firm, a
shade up at f !2%c.
CHICAGO, June 2.— Everything at the start'
worked against better corn prices. Wheat was
weak, the short session at Liverpool resulted in
lower cable?, the country sent in.^623 cars of
corn and promised 520 for to-morrow and the
crowd was bearish. A ,dull market preventeG
much early business r.r.d. July started %c to
'j(,c down, at Clc to <>O ! Jic, and hovered around
the low prices for a lime. Bears,, who had the
market all their own way for three successive
days, plucked up courage and began selling
etill further short, wlien suddenly the big bull
house that is supposed to have control of the
July stuff, started in to the support. Prices
steadied from the decline and soon the short3
began to cover. The support was increased,
offered up, everybody wanted to buy and the
pit became a scene of a semi-panic. July corn
jumped to (i2%c and s-liorts were badly pinch
ed Toward the close there was an easier feel
ing and at the close July was l@l%c at 62%®
U2 ] /.c. .
Chicago Grain Market.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 3, 1902.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Foreign, Futures.
New York Grain and'Produce.
I 5.05!f75.10c: September, 5.25c; December, 5.45®
5.50c; January 5.55c; March. 5.lS5<g:5.70c. -"¦ - ;
SUGAR — Raw, quiet. Fair refining, >2%c;
centrifugal, IKS test, 3 7-lUc; molasses sugar,
2%c. Refined, steady.
DRIED FRUITS.
: NEW YORK, June 2.— The evaporated apple
market ¦ continues steady and without notable
change In any particular. Demand on all
grades very moderate.
State, common to good, 7®9,%c; prime,
9%fij>10c; choice, 10\i<SU>%c; fancy, lie.
In prunes a fair jobbing and export trade
was reported at steady prices.
APRICOTS— Steady and quiet.
PEACHES— Steady.
PRUNES— 3%@6%c. .
APRICOTS — Boxed, 10%@14c; bags, 10V6®
12c.
PEACHES— Peeled, 14@16c; unpeeled, 8Vi@
10M.C
Local stocks and bonds continue dull.
Silver a fraction higher. Exchange as before.
Wheat futures forcer. Barley doing better again.
Oats very strong and active all over the coast. r
Corn dull and weaker. Rye neglected.
Bran and Middlings firm. Hay weak.
Beans quiet, with narrow fluctuations.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs unchanged.
Provisions inactive and nominal.
Xo change in live or dressed Mca'ts.
Coal in ample supply and unchanged:
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables continue plentiful
Poultry and Game in modcrcttc receipt.
Peaches appeared from Vacu**ilc.
Cherries shozv the effects of the recent rain. /
11
Continued on Page Thirteen,
NAME.
i Price Durtns
No. I Month.
Shares i— 1 •
Sold. I Low. i High.
Bonds —
U. S. Government
Do
Bay Counties Power Co..
Cal. Cent. Ga3 & Elec. Co.
Hawaiian Com. & Sugar.
Los Angeles Railway Co..
Los Angeles Lighting Co.
Market St. Ry. 1st c. mtsi
Northern Ry. Co. of Cal.
North Pacific Coast R. R.
Oakl'4 Gas, Light & Heat
Oakland Transit Co
Do 1st con. mortgage..
Oak. Water Co..- guaTtd.
Oceanic Steamship Co.-..
Park & Ocean R. R
Sac. Elec. Gas & Ry....
S. F. & San Joaquin \ al.
Sierra Railway of Cat. . .
S P. R. R. of Ariz. (1909)
Do (1910) ¦
3. P. R. R. of Cal. Ser. A
Do, Series B
Do, (stamped)
S. P. Branch Ry. of Cal.
Spring Val. Wat..- 1st mtg
Do, 2d mortgage
Do. od mortgage j
"Water Stocks —
Centra Costa
Spring Valley
Gas & Electric Stocks-
Equitable Gas Light Co..
Mutual Electric Light Co
Oakl'd Gas* Light & H?at!
Pacific Gas Improvement.
Pacific Lighting Co -
Sac. Elec. Gas & Ry. Co.;
p. F. Gas & Electric Co..
S. F. Gaslight Co
i
i
i
|
20.000
1.000
«.0<>0 168
5,000 ..
5.000 . .
24.0001
1,000
17.0001 120%
21.0001 121 I
7.C00I 109%|
5.000; I
35.0001.
5,000
21,000
21. COO 98
6,000
30,000 IOIVj
20,000 120?*
7.000
35.000 113%
20,000 114%
7.000 lOtiVi
15,000 120%
2.0«0 .'.
24,000 139 V4
21.000 110%!
11.000 102 I
19,000 101^!
265 't6
l.OSC 00
/I20 3%
SKOI 62*4
1,.175| 38-Ti
160
19 .:
2.^ r »l €i%
no?;
108 1»
105
105
119
1(W
121
121%
110
113
U'5
114
104
991i
120^
102*'k
121 li
116
113%
115
106 '*j
121 '4
109 Vi
140
111
102 *
10a
77
92*
3%
i #
3U
5;«
Bank Stocks—
Amtr. Bank & Trust Co.
Anglo-California (limitedj .
Bank of California ...
Cal. Safe D«?p. & Trust Co.
Mer. Ex. On liquidation)
75 10ft
30 90Vi
St j'
100 1
10 ! 1
110
91
427
I '22*4
Street Railroad Stocks —
California •••••
Presidio
=oi......
icoj......
1 m
\ 3»
Pow<i«r Stocks — ,
Giant Consolidated Co.
Visorit
Sugar Stocks —
Hara Plantation
Honokaa Sugar Co
Hutchlnson Sugar Plant..
Makawel i Sugar Co.
Onomea Sugar Co
Paauhau Sugar Plantafn
Miscellaneous Stocks —
Alaska Packers' A'Bsn... 1
Cal. Fruit Canners' Ass'n
Cai. V/inp Association....
Oceanic Steamship Co
Pacific Coa3t Borax Co. . .
Parafflne Paint Co....
! ¦
2.700! ¦ es
50!
J.....}
1MI l\**
330 .12Vj
405 2:!
110
415 12U
533 15t>
100 102
1.2551 100^4
85 30
4C(
211
soi;
IS
1R2
102'i
lOli*
IBS
25
>AST RE<
CORD.
STATIC
ONS.
2
it
2 3 5 3
n i*
: s s £
Aeteria . .
Baker ...
Carton . .
.r?o
.a
.23
).O4
>.98
1.93
«> 4'j
60 34
6G .*50
SW Pt.ddy .06
N Cloudy T.
S Clear .CO
Eureka . .
Fresno . .
Flagstaff
30
.2H
.29.
>.18
• .98
'.86
58 52
SO 46
72 24
STV Cloudy .04
XW Clear .00
E Clear .00
Pocatello.
Independe
. 30 .
.2y
i.OO
Ct 06
76 40
S Clear T.
SE Clear .00
. I.*-*
I.8S
78 49
W Clear .00
Phoenix .
.».
i.7«
VI MJ
W Clear .00
t.02
i.4 46
SE Cloudy .44
£E Pt.Cldy .00
Rose burg
Sacrament
1.12
i.02
W Cloudy .20
S Clear .00
i.OO
.12
66 42
«2 50
KTV Clear .00
W Clear .00
.30.
.2:1.
1.02
.0<)
hO 46
70 52
"W" Clear Ico
XW Clear .00
M.
.20.
2*.<
.so
.20.
i.02
|.9S
1.02
.r»4
.76
58 43
C2 42
.12 44
<:$ 44
m so .
{)4 56
fl Rain .SO
BE Cloudy T.
NE Rain .?.2
SW Cloudy .02
PW Clear ."0
W Clear .00
<t»»
m r.n
S
' 32 t% t l
Sg »•< s§
f
n
r.
•
Eureka
Fresno
Tiollister
Independence - - .
Is.* Ang-cles
Merced
?C8|>a
Newman
.80
.77
,.70
.78
.KO
.74 ¦
.80 •
M 6 SW
40 10 N\V
42 .. W
40 J2 SI3
4S 6 W
45 12 NW
41 ....
43 .. ..
Cloudy
Clear
Clear
Clear
Clear
Clear
Clear
Clear
.02 I
.CO
.«!••
.00
.«K)
.00
.00
.00
Palermo -
Red Bluff
Riverside
Sacramento
San Dlegro
s?an Francisco .
San Luis Obispo
Santa Maria . . .
Santa Rosa
, . .77
. . .7(5
. . .0-
. .v74
...70
...01
>..so
. . .S3
4:;
50
4t
40
2-
00
4!>
r.o
40
ib
io
10
s t
SK
s
NW
w
w
N
C.ear
l't.Cidy
Clear
Clear
Clear
Clear
Clear
Clear
CJear
.00
.(10
.00
.<)<)
.00
.Illl
.00
.00
>AST RE<
CORD.
STATIC
ONS.
2
it
2 3 5 3
n i*
: s s £
Aeteria . .
Baker ...
Carton . .
.r?o
.a
.23
).O4
>.98
1.93
«> 4'j
60 34
6G .*50
SW Pt.ddy .06
N Cloudy T.
S Clear .CO
Eureka . .
Fresno . .
Flagstaff
30
.2H
.29.
>.18
• .98
'.86
58 52
SO 46
72 24
STV Cloudy .04
XW Clear .00
E Clear .00
Pocatello.
Independe
. 30 .
.2y
i.OO
Ct 06
76 40
S Clear T.
SE Clear .00
. I.*-*
I.8S
78 49
W Clear .00
Phoenix .
.».
i.7«
VI MJ
W Clear .00
t.02
i.4 46
SE Cloudy .44
£E Pt.Cldy .00
Rose burg
Sacrament
1.12
i.02
W Cloudy .20
S Clear .00
i.OO
.12
66 42
«2 50
KTV Clear .00
W Clear .00
.30.
.2:1.
1.02
.0<)
hO 46
70 52
"W" Clear Ico
XW Clear .00
M.
.20.
2*.<
.so
.20.
i.02
|.9S
1.02
.r»4
.76
58 43
C2 42
.12 44
<:$ 44
m so .
{)4 56
fl Rain .SO
BE Cloudy T.
NE Rain .?.2
SW Cloudy .02
PW Clear ."0
W Clear .00
<t»»
m r.n
NAME.
i Price Durtns
No. I Month.
Shares i— 1 •
Sold. I Low. i High.
Bonds —
U. S. Government
Do
Bay Counties Power Co..
Cal. Cent. Ga3 & Elec. Co.
Hawaiian Com. & Sugar.
Los Angeles Railway Co..
Los Angeles Lighting Co.
Market St. Ry. 1st c. mtsi
Northern Ry. Co. of Cal.
North Pacific Coast R. R.
Oakl'4 Gas, Light & Heat
Oakland Transit Co
Do 1st con. mortgage..
Oak. Water Co..- guaTtd.
Oceanic Steamship Co.-..
Park & Ocean R. R
Sac. Elec. Gas & Ry....
S. F. & San Joaquin \ al.
Sierra Railway of Cat. . .
S P. R. R. of Ariz. (1909)
Do (1910) ¦
3. P. R. R. of Cal. Ser. A
Do, Series B
Do, (stamped)
S. P. Branch Ry. of Cal.
Spring Val. Wat..- 1st mtg
Do, 2d mortgage
Do. od mortgage j
"Water Stocks —
Centra Costa
Spring Valley
Gas & Electric Stocks-
Equitable Gas Light Co..
Mutual Electric Light Co
Oakl'd Gas* Light & H?at!
Pacific Gas Improvement.
Pacific Lighting Co -
Sac. Elec. Gas & Ry. Co.;
p. F. Gas & Electric Co..
S. F. Gaslight Co
i
i
i
|
20.000
1.000
«.0<>0 168
5,000 ..
5.000 . .
24.0001
1,000
17.0001 120%
21.0001 121 I
7.C00I 109%|
5.000; I
35.0001.
5,000
21,000
21. COO 98
6,000
30,000 IOIVj
20,000 120?*
7.000
35.000 113%
20,000 114%
7.000 lOtiVi
15,000 120%
2.0«0 .'.
24,000 139 V4
21.000 110%!
11.000 102 I
19,000 101^!
265 't6
l.OSC 00
/I20 3%
SKOI 62*4
1,.175| 38-Ti
160
19 .:
2.^ r »l €i%
no?;
108 1»
105
105
119
1(W
121
121%
110
113
U'5
114
104
991i
120^
102*'k
121 li
116
113%
115
106 '*j
121 '4
109 Vi
140
111
102 *
10a
77
92*
3%
i #
3U
5;«
Bank Stocks—
Amtr. Bank & Trust Co.
Anglo-California (limitedj .
Bank of California ...
Cal. Safe D«?p. & Trust Co.
Mer. Ex. On liquidation)
75 10ft
30 90Vi
St j'
100 1
10 ! 1
110
91
427
I '22*4
Street Railroad Stocks —
California •••••
Presidio
=oi......
icoj......
1 m
\ 3»
Pow<i«r Stocks — ,
Giant Consolidated Co.
Visorit
Sugar Stocks —
Hara Plantation
Honokaa Sugar Co
Hutchlnson Sugar Plant..
Makawel i Sugar Co.
Onomea Sugar Co
Paauhau Sugar Plantafn
Miscellaneous Stocks —
Alaska Packers' A'Bsn... 1
Cal. Fruit Canners' Ass'n
Cai. V/inp Association....
Oceanic Steamship Co
Pacific Coa3t Borax Co. . .
Parafflne Paint Co....
! ¦
2.700! ¦ es
50!
J.....}
1MI l\**
330 .12Vj
405 2:!
110
415 12U
533 15t>
100 102
1.2551 100^4
85 30
4C(
211
soi;
IS
1R2
102'i
lOli*
IBS
25
Palermo -
Red Bluff
Riverside
Sacramento
San Dlegro
s?an Francisco .
San Luis Obispo
Santa Maria . . .
Santa Rosa
, . .77
. . .7(5
. . .0-
. .v74
...70
...01
>..so
. . .S3
4:;
50
4t
40
2-
00
4!>
r.o
40
ib
io
10
s t
SK
s
NW
w
w
N
C.ear
l't.Cidy
Clear
Clear
Clear
Clear
Clear
Clear
CJear
.00
.(10
.00
.<)<)
.00
.Illl
.00
.00
S
' 32 t% t l
Sg »•< s§
f
n
r.
•
Eureka
Fresno
Tiollister
Independence - - .
Is.* Ang-cles
Merced
?C8|>a
Newman
.80
.77
,.70
.78
.KO
.74 ¦
.80 •
M 6 SW
40 10 N\V
42 .. W
40 J2 SI3
4S 6 W
45 12 NW
41 ....
43 .. ..
Cloudy
Clear
Clear
Clear
Clear
Clear
Clear
Clear
.02 I
.CO
.«!••
.00
.«K)
.00
.00
.00
£a fc* fev
AUCTION SALE!
GROVE-ST. STABLES. 122-138 GROVE ST.
THURSDAY. JUNE 5, at 11 a. m. -*>* i -
BARGAINS OF ALL KINDS.
20 head of working and driving horses; also
a big lot of new and second-hand buggies and
wagons of all kinds, 2 hacks, 2 coupes and a
very fast pacing mare, harness and bugsy, wltb>
a record of 2:21%; one black trotting horse,
harness and buggy, mark 2:17; one bay pacing
horse, race along iff 2:30.
SAM WATKINS. Auctioneer.
TUESDAY. June 3. 47 horses of all classes;
also camp, express, peddlins wagons, buggies,
surreys, carts; 50 sets of single and doub!»
harness, at 1140 Folsom St.. 11 a. m.
STEWART'S HORSE MARKET.
Ono car lead SOUND, GENTLE HORSES;
also good second-hand rigs; 1 camper's "wagon.
721 HOWARD ST. . '.. " ' .THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 3, 1902.
12
WAKTEP--_MAlrE_.
PRACTICAL all-round gardener desires a po-
sition on nrlvate place; can milk and do
other work if required- moderate wages ex-
pected; good references. Box 215. Call office.
WANTED— Work mornings or evenings at
sweeping and cleaning up. Box 5t>3. Call.
YOUNG man of good education and experience
desires position as assistant cashier or book-
keeper. Box 216. Call office. .
ELDERLY. - trustworthy man of strictly sober
habits, faithful, willing and obliging, wishes
' position as bartender or cashier; good home
preferred; wages moderate. Box 214, Call.
SITUATION wanted by experienced young
florist and gardener, to take charge of big
place, either private or commercial; single:
good references. Address G. P.. box 272, Call
WANTED— Position by a first-class man as
head setter or screw turner in saw mill. Ad-
dress box 266, Call office.
PIANO player, good sight reader, wants posl-
._ tlon. Address F. S., 26 Sacramento st.
YOUNG, well educated Swiss gentleman, hav-
ing perfect knowledge of German. French and
English, wishes situation as valet or compan-
lon. JOHN STALDER. 5S1 12th St.. Oakland.
POSITION wanted by an experienced butcher,
cutter and sausage maker; country pre-
ferred. 627 Wisconsin st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
pvbscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
•Kv FINANCIAL.
COMPANIES incorporated and financed; stock
and bond issues guaranteed, underwritten and
sold; stock accepted for services. Send for
Pacific States Investor. PACIFIC STATES
MINING AND INVESTMENT CO.. 326 Post.
__^_ FLATS TO LET. • .
ELEGANT new flat, 6 rooms; modern im-
provements; gas and electric lighted: Noe
and Elizabeth sts. Mission and 24th sta.
cars pass.
UPPER sunny flat 4 rooms, gas, hot and cold
water; ash man free. 22 Summer St., near
Eighth.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 975. opp. Jefferson Sq. —
¦ ¦ Upper Sunny modern flat of '5 rooms and bath
MCALLISTER, SS— Flat newly furnished; all
improvements.
TURK, 524V4 — Sunny flat of three rooms fur-
nished for housekeeping; rent reasonable.
SUNNY fiat, 4 rooms; furnished or unfurnished.
2833 and 2S29 Washington st.
TENTH, 435 — Flat, 6 rooms, bath and laundry.
UPPER 4-room flat and bath; rent $15. 336
Tehama st.
$15 — UPPER flat of 12 rooms. 27 Broadway.
FLATS TO LET FURNISHED.
FOR RENT — For two monthe. elegantly fur-
nished new upper flat of eight rooms, sunny
and modern; on corner: fine view; electric
lights; porcelain bath; gas range; piano, etc.:
close in; three car lines: reasonable to. right
party of adults. Box 260. Call office.
FELL. 1830,- opp. Panhandle — Furnished flat, 6
rooms and bath; phone and piano; rent $40
per month. ASHTON & GARDINER, 411
Montgomery st. .
TO let— Furnished flat of 5 rooms, bath and
laundry; rent low. Apply between 2 and 4
o'clock at 79 South Park.
GOLDEN GATE. 1517 — 4 rms.:bath; gas range;
garden: $25; lower flat. 2 rms.. $12 CO; 1 to 4.
FLATS FOR SALE — FURNISHED.
FOUR-ROOM flat, new furniture: rent $17 50.
No. 1233 Vallejo St.; Hyde-st. car line.
FDRAITURE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak, $48 50, with No. 7 i
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
. FURXITURE WANTED,
BIG price paid for furniture for 60 days; special
reasons. S. J. WAUGH, r. 415. Examiner big.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St., pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 135-1.
¦ ' GLOVES. ,„. .,._.,_.,_,. ',_""""
TRY Danicheft One Dollar Glove; you will
never wear others; warranted. 121 Grant ave.
HELP WANTED — FEMALE.
WANTED — Governness, • must be a seamstress
also, nice place, salary $25; Protestant sec-
ond girl, $25; North- German nurse, $25;
cook for. 12 men, $30; 12 waitresses for
springs, resorts, hotels and restaurants, city
• and country, $20 to $25; nurse for Institu-
tion, $20; hotel cook, $40; 6 cooks, plain
wash, $30; 8 second girls, $20 and $25; 41
girls for housework, $25; housekeeper, 3
men, country, $25: kitchen helper, private
family, $25: housework, Alameda, $25-. Ap-
ply to J. F. CROSETT &.CO., 334 Sutter Et.
0 WAITRESSES, Springs Lake Co. ; $20, free
_fare both waye._MRS. M. E. D A Y, 335 Geary
f2 WAITRESSES, mountain and water re-
sorts; $25-20. MRS. M. E. DAY, 335. Geary
WAITRESSES. Commercial and city hotels;
$25-20. MRS. M. E. DAY, 335 Geary St.
4 EXTRA waitresses, ten day work; $1.50 day.
MRS. M. E. DAY, 335 Geary Bt.
WITRESSES, Sacramento. Stockton, San Jose,
othersi MRS. M. E. DAY, 335 Geary st.
A NURSE. $25; 4 cooks, $30 each; laundress,
$30; second girl, $25: chambermaid, $20;
housegirl. 3 in family, $30. MRS. NORTON,
313 Sutter Et-
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, r. 12
— Chambermaid, $25 and free fare; waitress,
$20, for springs.
WANTED — 10 girls to make fruit baskets. Ap-
ply to-day. Western Basket Mfg. Co., 660
Bryant st., bet. Fourth and Fifth.
WANTED — Vest operators and vest flnlsherr;
also apprentices to learn. Apply factory
. S. N. WOOD & CO.. 27 Geary st.
YOUNG ctrl for general housework, American
family; wages $25. Inquire after 9 a. m.,
712 Cole St., near Waller.
GIRL with reference: good cook; part house-
work; $30. Call from 10 a. m. to 3 p. m.,
2201 Broderick St.. cor. Washington.
NEAT reliable woman to enter Into new busi-
ness; must be willing to leave town, if
necessary. Box 204, Call office.
WANTED — Experienced saleslady. Apply or
address Golden Gate Cloak House, 1230 Mar-
ket st.
WANTED — A young girl to assist In light
Housework; wages from $12 to $15. 3037
Washington Bt.
APPRENTICES to learn tailoring; paid while
learning. 541 Market st., upstairti.
FIRST-CLASS finishers on coats; none pthera
need apply. BARON. 22 Grant ave. — "~
YOUNG Eirl to assist in housework. Ad. 171S
Leavenworth st., bet. Broadway and Vallejo*
WANTED — Finishers and apprentices on cus-
tom coats. 40 Ellis st., room 52.
WANTED — A bright business woman to travel
, in California. Box 271. Call. ¦
WANTED- Waist finisher and Improver at 2014
Sutter st.
WANTED— Girls to work In factory. Inquire
this morning, 1622 Grove St., Oakland.
1 WANTED — Reliable waitress for a saloon;
usual commission. Apply 70 Jackson st. 1
GIRL for general housework. 2651 Howard St.,
bet. Twenty-second and Twenty-third.
EXPERIENCED finishers on custom pants;
steady work. 854 Howard st i
YOUNG woman to take charge of widower's
home. Address for four days, box 277, Call.
OPERATORS and a number .of bright girls
will be taken for instruction on overalls, with
a stated amount guaranteed to beginners.
Standard Shirt Factory, cor. Gough and
Grove sts. . •¦ .
NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY TO LEARN
HOW TO SEW OVERALLS; WE TEACH
YOU FREE OF CHARGE AND PAY WHILE
LEARNING; STEADY WORK; GOOD PAY.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. 32% FREMONT
ST.; MR. DAVIS. ,
WANTED — Competent girl for second and
' waiting; German or Scandinavian preferred.
Call between 9. and 10:30 or 5 and 6, 1640
Pine st. ' •
GIRL for general housework. Apply morning
608 Franklin St.. between McAllister st. and
. Golden Gate ave.
WANTED — A girl to care for 2 children; fam-
ily to be in country 2 months.' Apply 181S
Sacramento st. , ¦
_______ . , \
WANTED— 2. waitresses at 1007 Market st.
GIRLS, be your own boss; earn $15 to $20 per
week with private customers: hairdresslng,
manicuring, massage, hairwork taught in 2
weeks; price $3 50; emploj'ment guaranteed;
class day and evening. 233 Geary, rms. 13-15.
LADIES to learn barber trade; only- two
months required; special offer this month;.
. halrdressing taught in four weeks; catalogue
free. MOLER System College. 635 Clay st.
WANTED — Expert stenographer., one, having
had experience in wholesale work preferred;
• state salary and reference. Address box 550.
Call office.
mr.n wVvTKrt — :fem * i.*: — Co".
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S.. Phone Grant 185
HOTEL DEPARTMENT ....
Head waitress, understanding arm and check
system, cafe, Los Angeles (no Sunday work),
very choice place .. ... $10 we . e ,|5
Head waitress, nice place - • .jpw
4 extra waitresses, 10 days' work..$l 50 day
50 waitresses, springs, resorts, country, city
hotels $20-_.>
Crew of waitresses, summer resort, nice
place '- 0
1 4 waitresses, Santa Cruz, fare one way..|20
4 waitresses, .watering resort J-0
2 waitresses, Arizona, free fare. ... '.. .$-•>
Mother and daughter, working housekeeper.
country hotel $W
Man and wife, from 30 to 50 boarders to
cook for, nice place, short distance, summer
resort $65
Chambermaid to wait, same place $20
Waitresses, Alameda, Berkeley, Oakland, Sa-
linas , ' ..$20
Woman to do chamberwork and assist cook-
ing for workingmen, country, boss here.. $25
Chambermaid, country -hotel, boss here S
a. m $20
2 chambermaids, city $15
Laundress, city hotel $20^
Assistant laundress, summer resort, far?
paid ?20
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Woman with a child, country, see party here,
fare paid, $15: woman to cook for men, coun-
try. $20; cook, American family, city, $30; 3
• nurseglrls, $10-$20; houseglrls. cooks, second
girls, city and country, $10-$30. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO.. 429 Bush st.. opp. California Ho-
tel, bet. Kearny st. and Grant ave.
AN Eastern nursegirl with references .to car*
for small children, nice place. For particu-
lars apply C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 429 Bush
8t., opu. California Hotel, bet. Kearny st.
and Grant ave.
Halrdressing, manicuring, massage, bleaching,
dyeing, halrwork; splendid position In stores
and with private customers, $50 to $75 mo. ; 2
weeks $5; day, ev. classes. 1236 Market, r. 94.
TALENTED amateur performers. Apply at
Chutes (J p. m. Wednesday; salary no object.
GIRL for general housework; Scandinavian or
German preferred. 864 McAllister st.
YOUNG girl wanted* to learn dressmaking;
paid while learning. 845 California st.
PANTS operators wanted by S. N. WOOD &
CO. Apply ct factory. 27 Geary st.
WANTED — Experienced nhirtmakers. EAG-
LESON & CO., 535 Market st.
GIRL for housework; 3 in family. 2012 Sutter
street.
WANTED — Women and girls to work on fruit.
1731 Folsom st.
WANTED — Young woman for kitchen In res-
taurant. Apply 2881 Sixteenth st.
THOROUGH course in millinery, $1 per week;
day and even, 'class. 143 Stockton, room 13.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. ¦
HELP "WANTED MALE.
AT THE CALIFORNIA EMPLOYMENT
AGENCY, /
59 3d St., near Call bldg.; phone Bush 405.
....Teamsters and. laborers for railroad....
TO ALL POINTS IN NEVADA
Free fare Free fare
Office fee $1; no other expenses
100 teamsters $2 25 to %'i 50 per day
100 rock men f2 25 to %'l 50 per day
100 concrete men and laborers. .$2 25 per day
FREE FARE FREE FARE
Mendoclno County Big Sawmill
50 railroad laborers. .$26 per month & board
12 sawmill and woodsmen
$2(f to $65 per month and board
SHIP TO-DAY FREE FARE
FOR LUMBER WOODS
Full crew for new lumber camp; 50 barkers,
crosscutters, chain tenders, Jackscrew men,
timber fellers, 6wampers, $40 to $G0 per
month and board.
FOR SAWMILL
2 head setters $3 per day
10 lumber pliers $40 per month and board
5 carpenters, company work, long job....
$3 50 per day
RANCH HANDS
50 hay hands, $1 25 to $1 50 per day and
board •
Buttermaker $35 per month and board
Milker $35 per month and board
Camp blacksmith ...$45 per month and board
.Cook, boarding-house, country $30 month
CAL. EMP. AGENCY, 59 Third st.
6 CARPENTERS, $3 50 to $4 day; 3 black-
smiths, $2 50 day and $40 month and board;
blacksmith helper, )?2 day; '2 furnace men for
mine, $UU and board; 2 laborers about fur-
nace, $45 and board; machine miner, $3 day;
single-hand miner, $2 day and board; laborers
for mines, mills, quarries and, other work.
$2 day and $45 month and board; 10 boys to
learn trades, 75 cents to $1 day and $7 week;
2 can washers, $40 month and $30 and found;
and many others. . J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
«28 Sacramento st. -
GREEK scholar as correspondent; milk wagon
driver, $40 to $45 and found; fruit peddler,
$1 25 day; young man to ' learn creamery
business. $15 and found; 3 men for haying,
$1 50. day and board; farmer and wife, §50;
2 men and wives, private family, $40 and $50;
farmers. $25, $30 and $1 25 day; man about
place, $30 and found; gardener, country, $35
and found; and others. J. F. CROSETT &
CO., C28 Sacramento st.
WANTED— An errand boy for this office. J.
F. CROSETT & CO., 334 Sutter st.
PORTER and choreman about resort. $20 and
found; pastry cook, country hotel, $t0;
French or Italian cook, $(30; boarding-house
cook; hotel cook. $35 to $40; boarding-house
cook, $40; 5 waiters, city and country, $25
and $35; dishwashers and others. J. F.
__CROSETT & CO., 62a Sacramento st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S .420 Bush st.
Bet. Kearny and Grant ave '
New railroad work Free Fare
FOR NEVADA
¦ 2000 teamsters, laborers, rockmen and con-
crete men $2 and $2 25 a day
FOR CHATSWORTH PARK
500 tunnel men. drillers, muckers and out-
side laborers $1 75 to ?3 a day
Opposite California-Hotel
C. R, HANSEN & CO "...420 Bush st.
ANDRE'S OFFICE, 316 STOCKTON ST. .
Gardener who can drive, $25; porter for
wine and liquor store. *9 a week; boy to
run elevator, $20; dishwashers, city or coun-
try, $15 to $30; night dishwasher, $6 week;
vegetableman. hotel. $25; pot washer for club,
S3O; waiter, $40; washer for laundry, $30 to
$35; boy to drive, etc., $15.
A — HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, rm. 12.
Fireman In laundry, ?20; assistant in hotel
office. $15; pantryman, $25; porter, $25; bell
boy, $15.
CO-OPERATIVE Employment Bureau— Ships
to Nevada; free fare. See S. S. SAALBURG
17 Steuart Et.
WANTED — Thoroughly experienced young *man
to take charge of lace, fancy goods and no-
tion counter; state experience, salary and ref-
erences. Box 213, Call.
WANTED — Bright, trustworthy man of good
address as partner for plafti office work; $250
cash required. Call 318 Kearny St., room 1.
WANTED — Experienced packer in a wholesale
dry goods house; give references when mak-
ing application. Box 269, Call office.
BOOKKEEPER— Produce cenmissionf flrst-
class man; state salary, experience. . Addres3
box 274. Call office.
BARBER — First-class and fast workman-
state wages, including board. C. C. JOR-
DAN, ¦ St. Helena. Cal.
WANTED — A young man, 17 years of age, as
wrapper. Apply at S. N. .WOOD & CO.'S.
DISHWASHER wanted. 422 Sixth St.
WANTED — Young waiter; $6 a week. 230
Fourth. St.
FOR restaurants — Cooks, waiters, dishwashers,
help; no fee. 520 Montgomery st.' |
WANTED — Bright, Intelligent office boy for
large wholesale and retail establishment.
Box 265. Call. ~
WANTED — Man with $50;> take cash cigar
stand, $50 month. BROWN, 1221 Market st.
BUSHELMAN wanted: steady job; good wages.
PAUSON & CO., 200 Kearny st.
AN operator on coats. 785 O'Farrell st.
COACH body maker at O'BRIEN'S, Golden
Gate ave. and Polk st.
YOUNG r man to learn glove finishing, $4 per
week to start. Carson Glove Co.. 35 Market.
WANTED — Young man to wash dishes. 1015
Central ave. bet. California and Sacramento.
TAILOR wanted at 1241 Kentucky st.
BARBER to help 6ut Tuesday and Thursday.
GOG Third st. ....
WANTED — Good barber;. ¦ wages $13; union
shop. 1393 Harrison St.. near Tenth.
WANTED — Man who understands the florist
business. SCO Height st.
SHOEMAKERS — 2 good men on repairing;
steady work. 756 Howard st.
DISHWASHER and dfnner waiter wanted.
Call at'8; 301 Geary st. '
A SNAP to barbers If sold, to-day; cheapest
hotel shop In town. 60 Ellis st.
BARBER wanted; good. . C17 Montgomery st.
NIGHT cashier; also first-class waiter. 29
, Stockton st.
CAN washer wanted at Plant Farm Dairy.
514 Octavia st.
1 WANTED— First-class waiters Union reetau-
1 .; rant and oyster depot, 4C5 and 467 Valencia,
: - . - ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦
HELP WANTED MALE— Co-.^
MHN to learn barber trade: only requires two
months: constant practice and expert instruc-
tion; catalogue free: special inducements tlm
month. Moler System College. K\Tt Clay st.
WANTED — Laborer* .tnd mechanics to Know-
that Ed Rclkln. I'.eno Hchis-; proprietor, st'll
runs Denver Hou>=e. 217 Third St.; 150 iarg-j
twms; 25o per nlgbt; $1 to $2 por week. i
WANTED by Master Plasters' Ass,->ciat;nn-T
Union lathers. ?2 DO per M. Box IS. Build-
ers' Exchange. lllO'/i Broadway. Oakland
PENSION atty.. E. A. Bullia. room 40~Phe!-ri
big. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post' G.A >i
500 MEN to buv new ar;<1
50o up; soling 20c up. 92:s Howard st.nrv*5
SAILORS nnd ordinary seamen for F.u-onTT^"i
Australia. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart' st
GET your shoe? half-soled while waitlrtr' "i"
to BOc. ."63 Mission St.. bet. 1st arW 2(i sts"
WINCHESTER House. 4t TWrt »C.' B^Ti-aT*
k«--t — 2C0 rooms. 25c ni^ht; rf-.'tcllnK-rocm3-'f r °I
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
HORSES AND AVAGONS^
THREE well-matched stylish carria^e^tea^niT
average weight 2500 pounds: perfectly train*
ed: two coal black teams, stand 16-3 hands
average weight 2150; six work horses avera*'.
weight 1400. and six fine large driving horses
Just from the country: these are all we'i
broken; trials given. Call at OCClDEN'TAf
HORSE EXCHANGE. WM. G. LAYNG* P-o-
prletor, 246 THIRD ST.. formerly 721 How-
ard st.
A LOT of horses for sale at Arcade Hor»e Mar-
ket. 327 Sixth St.; also buggies, wagons har-
ness, etc.; auction sales every Wednesday at
11 a. m. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
FOR sale — One team 7-year-old, Jet black, w-'l
matched horses, welging about 1400 pound's
each. For further information aDDly to J
B. COSTA. Duttons Landing, Cal. \
YOU can find what you want In the horse llm» 9
at STEWART'S Horse Market. 721 Howard T
»t.. near Third; phone Main 1150. '
FOR sale. Santa Rosa Salesyard — Just arrived.
several fine road and business horses new
buggies and harness. 14DO Market, cor.' 11th.
BIG plow horse. $35; buggy. $15; double har-
ness. $15; harness. $6; pole, $6. 79 City Hail
avenue.
Ean Francisco Veterinary College — Fourth ses-
sion begins June 9. Catalogues by applying to
M. L. PANCOAST. Sec.. 510 GoH en Gato ave.
ONE 2-horse wagon, canvas top, lt_-inch steel
axles. Box 205, Call office.
Largest stock 2d-hand wagons, buckboard sur-
rey, harness, work, driving horses. 15th&Valencia_
AN Al express wagon, single; also light camp-
lng wagon for «ala cheap. S32 Mls3lon it.
HOPjgESTOI.ET.
A— PRINTED list houses to let: send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. U Montgomery.
BEULAH. 19, near Cole — Modern hemta, •
rooms and bath: $35; nice neighborhood.
HOUSES TO LET COUNTRY. '
MENLO (Fair Oaks) — New cottage. 7 room*.
bath: furnished. A. R. HARRISON. 73 Geary.
HOUSES FOR SALE.
UNFURNISHED 8-room house, on Day st.,
chean; to be removed Immediately. Box
557, Call.
HOUSES WASTED — FURNISHED.
WANTED for Immediate occupation for thre«
months, a furnished house with three or four
bedrooms, exclusive of servant's room, In,
any good residence locality: Park or Presidio
preferred. Address box 150, Call.
I LOST AND FOUND. 1
LOST — A fine gold locket and chain, with pic-
ture and hair in locket; the finder will ba
rewarded for returning same to Mrs. Eu-
gene Bogy, at 24 Page st. S. F., Cal.
LOST — On Monday morning's train bet. Santi
i Rosa and San Francisco, one solitaire dia-
mond rin_r and one diamond and ruby ring;
liberal reward. U07 Market st.
LOST — Elk tooth; monogram E. M. F. on back;
reward. P. L. MORON Y, Hoffman Cafe.
L.OST — Sunday, at ferry, black feather boa.
Reward for return to HIND. ROLPH & CO..
302 California st.
BLACK boa. on Lasuna St.. bet! Ellis and .
Golden Gate. Return ta 1005 G. G. : reward.
LOST — Ji-barrel wine. Return to 723 Bryant
st. F. KORBEL & BROS.
LOST — Envelope containing Japanese notes;
liberal reward. Return to SIS O'Farrell st.
LOST — Gold watch and chain, bearing initials
"L. K." Return lu?0 Greenwich: reward.
L.OST— May 20. a gold" chain purse, containing
long chain and locket marked "G." Liberal
reward for return to 464 Halsht st.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the California
Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter st. needs old gold
and silver to make new watch cases.
MATfRESSES A *~P I * 1L _ 1 ' OW a -
TO order; also cleaned and sterilized: uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS.. 411 to 415 Powell
fit.; tel. Bush 421.
Brass, Iron beds; mattresses: pillows: window
shades. J.F.Hotter. 721 Mission: tel. Main 73O.
MEDICAL.
I A — DR. O'DONNELL. world-renowned special-
ist. — Ladies, all who are sick or In trouble,
consult the specialist on female complaints;
menstrual female complaints positively cor-
rected: the unfortunate helped; relief In all
cases taken; the most difficult cases treated;
have relieved thousands of most obstinat» V
cases; free, confidential advice on all subjects J
of a delicate nature. DR. G. W. O'DCN- Ji
XFLJ-. office & residence. 1018 Mkt., op. 5ttul
A — DR. ROSEN; this specialist exercises th»
most Important of modern principles In treat-
ing and curing female complaints; ladies, all
who are sick or in trouble, obtain the best
consideration and skill, absolutely essential to
noraml results: fee low. 1007 1_ Market st.
MRS. DR. KOHL— Well-known, reliable ladies'
specialist; instant relief guaranteed: home in
confinement: hours 1) to 5 and 7 to 8.
lOOSVa Market St.. opp. 5th and nr. Powell.
MRS. DR. WYETH — Well-known ladies' gp*l
clallst; 30 years' experience; private home la
confinement. Moved to 723 Post at., nr. Jonea.
MRS. DR. GOODWIN, ladles* reliable special-
ist; maternity hospital; home for infants fre«;
fee low. 906 Market st., opp. Emporium.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable ladles'
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
LADIES — Kumrond Is safe & sure; never falls;
price $2. Gleason's drug store, Clay & Kearny.
LADIES — "Neverfale," Pasteur's celebrated
regulator. $2. Pasteur Med. Co.. 8 Flood bldg.
DR AND MRS. DAVIES and HINDOHERB
original method of treatment. 1126 Market.
DR. i\G TOY KEE. 210 Stockton St.. opposlta
Union Square; all diseases cured by herbs.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR 'SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mcln-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 105-107 Fremont at.
TENTS — TENTS — TENTS.
750 to 1000 new & second-hand tents to rent
and for sale. Apply ROSS McMAHON'3
Awning. Tent fc Hammock Co.. 203 Drumm.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear St.
BAR flstures: big stock: Installments; billiard
and pool tables; easy terms or rented.- Ths>
Brunswlck-Balke-Col lender Co., 652 Mission.
NEW and 2d-hand boilers, engines, dynamos,
motors, pump?, wood and iron working ma-
chinery. H. S. WHITE. 130 Beale tt.
35-HORSEPOWER gas engine for sale cheap.
M. A. TUCKER. Clay-st. wharf. . . v
SECOND-HAND lumber, sashes, blinds, doors J
and tricks for sale. Valencia St., cor. 15th.
CANARIES, fine singers; must be sold. Inqulra
338 Seventh st. . .:;'¦ ;
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters (all
makes). ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montg"y.
ENGINES, boilers, lathes, planers, second-hand
machinery. J. BURKE. 130 Beale st.
BOATS, launches, rowboats carried in stock.
BAKEP. & HAMILTON.
Edison phonographs, records, supplies, moving
picture machines, films. Baclgalupi. 033 Mkt.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2d-han4
and launches. J. E. DOAK, 46 Fremont st.
SAFES — New and second hand. THE HER-
3-IAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
FOR second-hand machinery.englnes and boilers
go to D.J.McMasters,SE.cor.2d & Brannan.
1ST-CLASS JM-hand modern engines & boiler*
bougrht. scy. 'Krogh Mfg Co., 519 Market st.
MAGIC lanterns, new ami 2d-hand movin? pto-
tures. BULIjATtD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
MISCELLANEOyS WANTS.
BIG. prices paid for sealskin coats; also gents'
full dress and Tuxedo suits. Portland Lean
Office. 25 Stockton si.: phone Bush 4S4.
I WILL pay good cash prices for old sealskins;
send postal: will call. Box 496O. Call.
YOUNG doss or puppies; canaries for sale.
761 Howard «t. ¦ V^
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th St.; tel. Jessie 2851
Wanted — 2d-hand electric motors, all sues, any
condition. FarnswortliEleQtricalWk3.41S Tui*
A— ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1104 Market St.,
cor. Turk; private readings daily. 10 a. m. to
5 p. m. ; readings by mail ns satisfactory a3
in person; 3 questions answered, $1; full life
$5; send lock of hair, date and year of birth.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
rc-adex. bcrn with double veil — second sight;
diagnoses diseases with life reading ;ladies50c,
gents$l; palm, and clalr. sit. $1 50. 120 Turk.
MISS M. WILLE. 514 Taylor St., clairvoyant,
crystal seer: reads your life correctly without
questions; full names; 50c-$l: 10 a.m. to S p.m.
MPS BROWN, clairvoyant card reader; ladies
25c; gents 50c: readings dally. 132 Sixth bt.
CARPET HEATIXCJ AND CLEAXIXG.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 353-357 Tehama st. ; teL South 40.
IMPROVED'carpet-cleanlng for particular peo-
ple. A. G. Kleinert. 1512 Polk;, tel. East 725.
Karlson Karpet Co — Cleaning 3',£c yd;upholster-
- ing. 1213 Market, bet.Sth&9t«;tel. Howard 2912.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 304. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st. : tel. Mission 263.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS. Mgr.. 3S-40 Sth St.: tel. South 250.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works,
333 Golden Gate ave.; telephone East 120.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vatlng Co.. 240 14th St.; tel. Mission 74.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GTso^GlT'^v7^CE!Z?i~A7^
. unless successful. Room 310, 927 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
SUNNY cottage, 3 rooms, bath; front and back
yards; large basement; rent reasonable. 3874
Seventeenth st.
WELL-FURNISHED modern cottace: gas;
piano; yard; $20; Castro-st. car. 4331 23d st.
HEXTISTS.
ELECTRO-dTEnTAL CLINIcTsog Market, cor.
4th. r. 7, Flood bldg.; extractions done paln-
li-Bsly; teeth without plates our specialty; gold
crewns ?:} 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50
up; office hours. !) a. m. to Up. m. ; Sundays,
0 to 2. J. AV. THATCHER. D.D.S., Manager.
EASY Dental Parlor?. i> Turk st.. cor. Mason-
Expert painless extractors; skilled operators;
gas given; lady attendant. R. C. ANDER-
SON. D.D.S.. proprietor and manager.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crowns. $3 50; fillings, 50c;
plates. $5. full set: all work vainless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 50c.
SET of teeth without platr. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk St.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
I McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School;
corset-making taught: patterns cut. 1019 Mkt.
EDUCATIONAL.
HE^L^S^^HWDL^O^EXE^TillcXL^NaN
NEERING — Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion, laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
practical; day and night. 24 Post St., S. F.;
catalogue free.
A — IF Gregg stenographers are not fast writers,
how do they all get positions and hold them?
34 positions in March, 32 in April; Ellis book-
keeping makes real bookkeepers. S. F. Busl-
nets College, 123<i Market st.
GALLAGHER-MARSH BUSINESS COLLEGE
conducted by experts; best combined short-
hand anil commercial course to be had any-
where; Indorsed by official court reporters.
1362 Market St.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES, 24 POST ST..
S. F. — Thorough courses; complete equipment;
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day and night; catalogue free.
A — THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
echool for the university, law and medical
colleges; references, President Jordan or a,ny
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
Address Avers' Business College, 723 Market
Et., for their new catalogue; It Is free and the
nicest in the State. Life scholarship $50.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec. mining, mech.sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve.; est. 18(54. Van
der Naillen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
ACCOUNTING— Most thorquph course on coast;
beginners and college graduates perfected.
TARR. expert accountant. 219 Parrott bldg.
GOLDEN Gate Com'l College, 530 Golden Gate
ave.. S. F. — Spring, summer term shorthand,
bookpg., penmanship; posit'n when qualified.
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallet School;
associated with theatrical agency securing po-
sitions. Alcazar building-, 120 O'Farrell st.
LEARN ad. writing: terms reasonable.' CALI-
FORNIA AD. SCHOOL. 234 Montgomery st.
Chicago Business College, 1435 Market, nr. 10th;
Pittman shorthand, typing, bookkeep-; $6 mo.
Harpist, only teacher West, desires pupils. Mme.
Carusi, Hallet School Acting, 120 O'Farrell st,
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve.: $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr.6th.
SHORTHAND taught by mail or personally.
MISS M. G. BARRETT, 302 Montgomery st.
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof. MERKI, good
teacher, 1008 Mission; Instruments selected.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St.. S. F.;
founded 1SC3; new SO-page catalogue free.
E51PLOY3IEXT OFFICES.
OltrHEUM Employment Office — Japanese, Chl-
r.tse help. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter ;tcl. Black 6072.
Grand Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office, 415 Stock-
I ton; tel. Grant 16S; expert, reliable help.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office — Furnish most
reliable help. 524 Bush st. ; tel. Bush 516.
JAP reliable housecleaning 'cooks waiters on
short notice. 1233 Page St.; tel. Fell S501.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
KSIPLUVMISXT WASTED FEMALE.
A COMPETENT housegirl, email American
family; $18; good cook. Miss NORTON, 313
Sutter st.
A GREEN Swedish girl to assist; $10. Apply
to MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter St.
A WOMAN wishes work by the day. Tel-
ephone MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter St.
WANTED — Position as working housekeeper or
cook on ranch. Address 933 Mission st.
I GERMAN wishes position to do housework In
small family? no children; wages $20; no
postals. Address 2032 Steiner st. :
SITUATION wanted by a Swedish girl. Just
arrived from Sweden, to do general houseworic
and cooking. Address V. E., 1022 Florida st.
GERMAN middle-aged woman wants situation
as housekeeper or to cook for men. Box
267. Call office.
A GOOD strong Mexican woman Is willing to
do any kind of work; 50 cents a day and car-
fare. MRS. HAMILTON. 246 Natoma st.,
downstairs. ,
COMPETENT woman wishes a position doing
general housework; will come at moderate
wages. 47 Shipley St.. off Fourth.
A YOUNG woman with a little girl wishes situ-
ation in a private family. Call 474 Ninth st.,
corner Washington.
HOUSEKEEPER by neat American woman,
elderly; experienced with the care of chil-
dren; capable the entire work of small fam-
ily; wages ?12 to $15. Box 2CS, Call.
SWEDISH girl to do general housework and
cooking;' American family; good references;
wages $25 to $30. Box 273, Call office.
GIRL wants housework; good cook; small
wash: best of ref. S43 Franklin St., Oakland
Tel. Ked 2433. '
WOMAN wants work by day, washing or
house cleaning. 433 Tehama. :
MIDDLE-AGED woman wants to assist in
light housework or- care for children. 25y_
Oak st. in rear. . .
SITUATION as nurse, night or day; good ref-
erences. 30 San Carlos av.
. GERMAN cook, and man second or pastry and
helper; English. French and Hungarian; city
or country; hotel references. 242 Natoma St.,
basement.
GOOD cook; also another girl; good references;
can do sewing, upstairs work or wait at
table. 2207 V4 Pine st.
WOMAN wants work by. the day washing or
housecleaninc 337 Jersey st.
WANTED — By a competent woman, situation
as housekeeper in institution, hotel or gen-
tleman's family; is also good nurse and seam-
stress. Apply at 715 Hampshire st. . .
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st,, near Mar-
ket — 200 rooms; 25c to $1 60 per night; $1 50-
to $6 week; convenient and respectable; free
bus nnd bagasse to and from ferry.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED ai.^LE.
YOUNG man (30) desires position In wholesale
or commercial house; good penman, willing to
assibt at anything; wages no object. Address
Box 270. Call. :
WORK wanted by . a man who Is partly em-
ployed; chores about house, used to tools, etc. ;
references; small wages. . Address ' Lewis.
1127 Mission st.
DCSIXrcSS CHANCE:* — Cwntlnnefl.
A— SALOON in wholesale district, near Sacra-
mento and Front sts.; must be sold on ac-
count of other business. • • • Branch
bakery, notions and laundry: tood locality;
living-rooms: rent *10. • • • Delicates-
sen and dairy produce In good neighbor-
hood; well raying. • • * For particulars
call on JOSEPH STRAUB. S50 Market st.
$^00— PARTNER wanted in light business: $1S
to $25 a week, willi chanc« to make $35 in
short time; Dlain, steady man will find this
a chance wcrth takine. 25 Geary St.. rm. 4.
GOOD chance for man and wife; notion, sta-
tionery, candy and lunch store, adjacent to
Oakland: cost $500 to fit up; will sacrifice;
reason for selling, single man car.net handle
trade. Address box 42U1. Call office, Oakland.
$8500 — Commercial hotel on leading business
street, clearine ?(55O monthly net; whole or
half interest; partner going to Europe; no
• egents. Box 275, Call office.
$300 BUYS a nice candy and ice cream store;
north of Market st. Address box 27t>. Call.
FOR SALE — New invention: burglar proof sash
lock- Address box 276. San Mateo. Cal.
SHERWOOD, 5, near Third and Mission — 5
stalls for horses; and office house.
RESTAURANT: biggest bargain city; must be
sold to-day. 11 aiason et. 1
UOUTE in Western Addition: building up dis-
trict: reasonable. Eox 1792. Call.
LOOGIXG-MODSES Fgn SALE.
WINSTON & WOLF
1026 Market Street.
5 rooms; rent $25; price $350, Including
¦ piano and sewing machine; part cash; see it.
C2 rooms; rent only $30; price $1500; $600
cash, balance payments; interest 5 per cent
per annum.
22 rooms; rent $65; new furniture and car-
pets; price $1000; investigate this house.
39 rooms; rent $80; central and a money-
maker; price $1S5O.
WINSTON & WOLF, 1026 Market st.
20 ROOMS; clears $60 $200
IS rooms; just listed C50
12 rooms; snap 450
30 rooms; clears $250; investigate 3200
20 rooms; north Market; clears $100... 1300
1 00 rooms ; clears $G00 9500
40 rooms; SI 000 cash; balance monthly. 2200
A. H. RETSLOFF, phone John 531.
OCC Market, cor. El! is (upstairs, rooms 7-S).
REDUCED to $1075; 14 rooms, furnished ele-
gantly; $350 cash: bal. monthly. RETSLOFF.
i $S50 — 25 ROOMS; a pood-paying investment
for right party. See Retsloff. 90C Market st.
! MARION GRIFFIN, 710 Market, nr. Call bldg.
i See — these — samples — we — have — 471 — otheis.
J a r. ; owner sick bed; all men roomers. .$250
j £0 r. ; a popular corner; money-maker.. $2000
; 50 r. ; a splendid corner; house full of nice
! people and fine furniture; 27 bay-wln.$4000
: 25 r. ; rent $35; clean; hsekpg; in. $07.. $1500
I 19 r.: 5 blocks n. of Market: thoroughly nice
', and respectable: sunny side St.: rent only
I $75: good furniture; elegant folding beds;
terms $SCO cash, $500 at 7 per cent.. $1300
: 17 r.; trn.: clears $81; n. Mkt.; cor.; $45.$S50
I MITCHELL & HORNLEIN. 1206 Market st.
I We have roomlns-houses of all sizes and
, prices, in all parts of the city.
11 rooms; good location; Al furnished SS50
20 rooms; sur.ny; g.-od renter 950
S rooms; Funny flat; corner 200
11 rooms; downtown: cood 700
18 rooms; rent $37 50; make offer 000
Money leaned at 1>4 per cent per month.
DONALD INVESTMENT COMPANY,
I S50 Market st. — (Inc.) Phone Davis 281.
Reliable dealers in rooming-houses, hotels,
; business chances and real estate.
We furnish vacant houses and
Loan money at lowest rates.
Something new every day.
New houses to lease.
A. CAMERON & CO., ' "
S50 Market st. and 8 StocKton St..
Rooms 21. 22. 23. Phone Bush 32S.
If you have hotels, rooming-houses or business
to sell, list with us; buyers, call; we can suit
you; have bargains in hotels, lodging-houses,
flats, all sizes and prices: in 4H parts of city.
Money leaned. 1*4 per cent. '
100 ROOMS: country transient; low rent.$0500
3nO rooms; corner house; for men 5000
- 1<! rooms: sunny corner: fine location.. 1500
¦ 14 rooms; rent very low; bargain 000
40 rooms; man house; rent $45; bargain. 700
Money leaned at 1 per cent.
Hotels, roadhouspp. fiats. 5 to 200 rooms.
EITEL & CARROLL, 1032 Market st.
BARGAINS and many choice Investments In
first-data lodcinc and bcarclir.c: houses at alt
times: bona fide buyers are welcome to in-
spection; kindly call at office.
G. V.'. SCHWEINHARD.
017 Market et.. bet. Sth and 6th.
Phone M'nt 191L
BUY yovr houses direct from a furniture dealer
on easy payments.
1C rooms: clears $40 $500
11 rooms: cloars $30 $350
8 rooms:: clears $30 $300
j And other bargains. S42 Howard et.
1 TRANSIENT lodging-house, furnished in oak,
carpets all Brussels: entire furniture Roes:
S200 secures it. Apply to my agent. MOR-
RISON & CO.. 20 Montgomery St.. room 4.
FLAT, 0 rooms: nicelv furnished: all new; only
few doers from Market st. : rent $30 per mo. :
will sell reasonable if taken at once. 11
Pixth st.: no apents.
75 ROOMS; best-paying transient Kearny-st.
lod^ing-houso; 3 years' lease; no agents. Box
222. Call.
A KNAP; 37 rooms; lodging-house; sood loca-
tion: rent only $50; price $1500; no transient.
McBRIDE & CO.. 765 Market st.
FOR SALT — Lorirrir'!r-r>nusc of 11 rooms; tran-
Eltr.t. 20S O'Farr-U st.
SPIRITUALISM.
PROF. HOLTMAN, medium ond gifted healer;
all diseases cured by his marvelous astro-
psychic power; advice free. 122S Market st.
WYLL1E. photo medium; short stay longer: |
[ bring camera and plates; come, skeptics. 309
; Turk st.
j BROCK WAY'S phenomenal seance to-night;
! materialization, trumpet speaking and slate-
writir.g; 5Cc. 1052 Ellis st.
J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium;
life reader; medical clairvoyant; sittings $1;
letter $2. 11C4 O'Farrell St.; Ellis car.
Mrs. Peal, spiritual and bus. medium; tobacco
; habit cured or no pay. Avondale. 1424 Market.
j MRS. HARLAND'S circle to-night; best tests,
! 10c; trance sittings, readings, 50c, $1. 132 6th.
MME. YOUNG'S demonstration of spirit return
I to-night; 005 McAllister; 10c; come, skeptics
W. GKEEGAN holds a test seance every night
except Sat.; 10c; sittings daily. 14S 6th st.
KATIE HEUSSMANN, 1774 15th.. nr. Guer-
rero; circle Friday eve.. 25c: readings daily.
C. V. MILLER'S materializing trumpet seance
to-night, 8 o'clock; 50c. 1084 Bush st. |
EDWARD EARLE. 32S Ellis: readings daily;
phone Polk 1601; seance Sunday and Thurs.
CLAIUVOYAXTS.
PROFESSOR PAUlTdESTINe!
THE FIRST MEMBER OF INDIA'S OCCULT
COLLEGE EVER REGISTERED IN
AND FOR SAN FRANCISCO.
PAUL DESTINE, the world's greatest clair-
voyant and palmist, may be consulted dally on
all affairs of life; Paul Destine Is, beyond the
shadow of a doubt, the most scientific practic-
ing palmist and clairvoyant In the world to-
day; his information and advice on marriages,
divorce, separations, love and family affairs,
buuiness transactions. lawsuits, mfninz, etc.,
are accurate and truthful: he reunites the sep-
arated, restores lc-t affectionf, causes speedy
marriages, makes you successful in your busi-
ness; gives you good luck; locates hidden treas-
ures and mines: settles old estates that time
has placed beyond the lawyer's shrewdness; he
looks into your hand and tells you what alls
j you and gives back your lost nerve and energy;
there is no home so sad and dreary, no heart
so forsaken and lonely, no life so hard and
¦ blighted, that cannot be set right, and kept
right, after a visit to this inspired man 01
modern times;- no matter what trouble you
! may have, call and he will help you, or charge
! nothing lor his eervices; "mediums developed';
I readings by mail; fee within reach of all.
j 320 O'FARRELL ST. 326. /
1 MME. M. BERNARD. . "~
! THE FAMOUS
1 Clairvoyant and busineiis medium, permanently
located at 17 Third St., next Examiner bldg.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accurate
description of the past, reveals the present hap-
I peningn and portrays events to occur in the fu-
j ture. ff von nre in trouble, discontented, un-
1 happy or not satisfied in life, or have domestic,,
love or, business troubles, consult this great me-
dium .and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life; 2f>c
up: satisfaction guaranteed. Tel. Black 4569.
A— 25c— SPECIAL $1 reading one week for 25c;
clairvoyant, palmist, card reader; advice on
all affairs; reunites the separated; makes
happy and speedy marriages; 10 to 8 dally
1010 Mission St.. near Sixth.
25c — A ?1 reading this week only for 25c; ad-
vice on love and all business affairs. MME.
J. J. LYONS. 101C Market, rooms S and 0.
MRS. DU. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium, permanently located at 1206 Market
et., cor. Golden Gate ave., rooms 25 and 20.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice: names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader; la, 25c;
gents 50c. 051 Mission, near Cth; open Sun.
Mrs. Reynolds, the noted life reader, gives full
life readings for $1. lOOSi. Market, op. Sth.
MRS. HOUSEIi, wonderful medium; truth or
no pay: full I)fe readings 50e. 704 Howard.
LINCOLN — Clairvoyant and high pnychist;
tasun 11 to 3; readings by mall. 125 Turk st.
SAX FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every right in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street.
corner Clay: open until 9:30 p. m.
300 Hayes street; opi*n until 9:30 p. m.
«.o9 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
315 Larkin street; ouen until !l:30 p. m.
j:.41 Mission ttreet: open until 10 p. m.
V2<51 Market street, corner Sixteenth; cpen
until !t p. m.
306 Eleventh street: cpen until 9 p. m.
10»C Valencia ttreet; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
__W) Fillmcre street: open until 9 p. m.
M.KKTIM5 X"TICES. _j
CALIFORNIA Chapter. No. 5. R. A. M., m
will meet THIS (TUESDAY) E^ E^: J}\-
ING June 3, at 7:30 o'clock. Slated TtJC
meetir.p and ML M. degree. By order / '
" yp.ANKLIN H. DAY. Sec.etary.
OCCIDENTAL Lodge. No. 22. F. and A. -,
M. will meet WEDNESDAY FORE- _5%^
NOON, at 1(» o'clock, to conduct the TSJK
funeral terviecs over the remains of / V'
our deceased brother. MARK SHELDON.
Master masons invited. By order of the :
MaFter. WALTER G. ANDERSON. Secy.
GOLDE-N Gate Lo<?se. No. 30. F. & A. m
M. Stated m.ctins THIS «TUES-
DAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. >S_jf
EDWIN L. MEYER. Sccret/1r>
PACIFIC Lodge. No. 136. F. & A. M., m
121 Eddy Ft. Stated meeting THIS __b\_
EVENING, 8 o'ciock. }£3?
GEORGE PENLINGTON. Secretary. /Tr>
ORIENTAL Lodge. No. 144. F. & A. «
M. Special' meeting at 7:30. and __»%
stated TIJI? (TUESDAY) EVENING, TZj\
at *> o'clock. / NF 1
A. S. IIUBBARD. Secretary.
MAGNOLIA Lodge. No. 29. I. O.
O. F. Election of officers ana
important business THIS EVEN- ¦^SjSlSSr"
NING. <W»^>
HORACE W. HANNA. Noble Grand.
SAMUEL POLACK. Secretary.
ORIENTAL Rebtkah Lodge. No.
J»0. I. O. O. F. Members are re-
Quested to attend the funtral of
our late sister. Christiana Kohn- ' **•"
ke from the Golden Gate Undertaking par-
lurs _475 Mistior. St.. TUESDAY. June 3. at
12:30 p. m. I
SARAH A. DRAFF1N. N. G.
AUSTRIAN Benevolent Society. Reg»- 3 !
iar quarterly meeting Wednesday &\*__^"y I
evening. June 4. .I'.»u2. at 8 o'clock SsfSjS* ;
sharp. Appropriations and donations, 3§sl^_* •
r.-ading: of amendments and other im- 3
portmoi business will be transacted. Fines
¦will be strictly enforced. By order of AUG-
UST MIKULICH. President.
DE WITT \Y. TOLL. Recording Secretary.
ANNUAL Meeting. — The regular annual meet-
ing ot the stockholders of the Olympic Salt
Water Company will be held at the offle of
the company. 327 Market Ft., San Francisco,
Cal.. on MONDAY, the 2«th day of May.
1;KC. at the hour of 3 o'clock p. m., for the
purpose of electing a board of directors to
serve for the ensuing year, and the transac-
tion of such other business as may come be-
fore the meeting. Transfer books will close
on Friday. May 30. lf»«2, at 3 o'clock p. m.
CHAS. A. GIBSON. Sec.
Office. 327 Market Et.. San Francisco. Cal.
The above meeting ha? been postponed until
Monday, June 2. 1902. at 3 o'clock p. m.
CHAP. A. GIBSON. Sec.
The above meeting has been postponed until
Monday. June 9. 1902. at 3 o'clock p. m. i
CHAS. A. GIBSON. Sec.
THE California Debris Commission having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from Sam Ahtye, in the Secret Dig- ;
pings Mir.e, near Laporte, Plumas County, 1
Cal.. to deposit tailings in worked out pit '
crainir.tr Into Clark or Slate Creek, and from
P. J. Sheridan and E. N. Ekel. in the
Lancha Plana Mine, at Lancha Plana, Ami-
dor County. Cal., to deposit tailings in -worked
out pit draining into Mokelumne River, gives
rotice that a meeting will be held at room •
J»C. Flood Building:. San Francisco, Cal., on 1
June 16. i:*C2, at 1 :C0 p. m. |
ATTORXEYS AT LAW.
B. W. KING. atty.. Examiner building, room
«>13; all cases; damages, estates, wills, mort- |
gages, partnerships, attachments, collections,
etc. : lesal papers drawn; consultation free; ]
no advance charges; cpen eve's: call or write.
ADVICE free: divorces a specialty; quick, quiet;
. no charpe without success; established lti yrs.
G. W. HOWE. 850 Market St., cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; open every evening: low fees;
¦11 eas-c-F. .T. M. THURSTON. S19 Market st.
ADVICE fsc-e: no chnrse unless successful; all
cases. W. W. DAVIDSON, «.)27 Market st.
L. S. CLAKK. Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Mar-
ket t-t.: consultation free; no fees in advance.
II1CVCI.ES 5'or Sale or ExchnDcr.
ALLEN has best bicycles made; all prices; call
before buylr?; repairing, tires, bells. 301
Larkin. ."r. r . Market. 19CS to 1974 Page.
POAROIXG FOR CHILDREN. j
OXE or two children to board; grood home; i
best of care; reasonable. S25 Oak Et., Ala- J
meda.
BOOKS — SEW AXD OLD.
BOOKS of all kinds bought; libraries purchased.
H. C. Holmf-s. 1149 Market: tel. Howard 1946.
IILSIXKSS CIIASCES.
A— J500; CORNER croccry and bar, vrith liv-
ing -roorr_;: rent §42: best location on Leav-
enworth tt.; cooii paying. Call U. G.
WILKE. Kearny Et.
A— S2O0; RESTAURANT; close to Chronicle
bldg.; rent *«5; a first-class uaying buElness.
Particulars It. U. WILKE, UtHi Kearny st.
A— $700; SALOOnI only one block north of
Market «. ; net neat $25; a gooa paying busi-
ness; value in sight. For particulars see R.
G. WILKE. 20 '_ Kearny Et.
A— >H.00; RESTAURANT on Market St.; daily '
receipts about 5>(J0: lease; splendid chance: a :
money maker. Call rt. G. WILKE, 2tji_ ;
Keurr,*" Et. .
A — $1250; COFFEE ra.loon and restaurant near !
Market and Powell sts<; value $2500; make
an offer; ticknt-K; cause of celling See R.
G. WILKE. 2W_ Kearny st.
A— fl'CO: KESTAUKAXT; cost to fix ud $UO0;
rent 415; splendid location; a great bargain
and rood Utciness. Call It. G. WILKE, 2ti>_
Kearnj- ti.
A— f450; BAKERY, established years; all etore
trade; rent $40; 3 rooms and kitchen; baking
1 barrel uer day. Call K. G. WILKE, 20}.
Kearny Et.
A — DAIRY nroduce. delicatessen and tamale
depot clearing above $^50 per month; estab.
years; the Lest investment in any kind of
business. Call R. G. WILKE, 2(>i_ Kearny.
A PATRON invested $100 with us; his average
dividends were ?5 17 a week; In less than
five months he had drawn as much in divl-
<5ezr3F at? his principal; why not do the same
yourself? We guarantee you against loss:
dividends are iiaid every' Monday; we have
l>een doing business for years, and never a
loss: we accept accounts as low as $10; divi-
dend for week ending May 31, $5 04; write
or call for Interesting literature. AMERI-
CAN CO-OPERATIVE ASSOCIATION, suite
€15. Emma Spreckels building.
A-KEEDO & CO. Bargains! This Week Only.
A general merchandise store, bazaar no-
tions, etc.; will invoice ?300O- •-•>nt $1S; re-
ceipts $WK>0 yearly; 50 per cent profit; at
your own price; best tov.n on coast; offer
wanted. 14 Flood buildinc.
A — KUEDO & CO Rare Opportunity
Fancy grocery, delicatessen and restaurant;
cleared $5O0O in 2 years; receipts $40 and $60
daily; Al location; trial; make offer. 14
Flood building.
FOR sale— Butcher shop in good location;
borse. wagon, good furniture and family
trade: rent $15; price $800; worth $1000. In-
CBtre at McBRIDE & CO.'S, 765 Market st.
$75C— WHOLESALE and " retail • store Una
manufacturing business; owner practical
workman; wants partner to assist in store
and attend to packing, shipping, etc.; duties
easily acquired. DONNELLY CO..G32 Market.
$500— KOADHOUSE; the owner retiring; will
give 5 years' lease, 512 p»r month: great
tnap. Business Board o' Trade. 320 Pine et.
PARTNER wanted with Email amount of
money to take interest in old established real
ebiate business; splendid opportunity; steady
man. Calif. Business Assn., 8(55V_ Market.
MOTEL. 120 rooms: fine bar trade: clears $1060
a n:onth. Calif. Business Assn.. SC5«_ Market.
$5<> MONTHLY fz board— Partner wanted wltl)
$1.V); j.lcasant work; estab. business- young
man [.referred. Apply 2-55 Kearny. r. \.
finecia!-We have cash customers waiting for
saliion. cijrar stand, branch bakery, lst-clats
Cameron ft Co.. 850 Market, r. 21.
Ton PALE— $4O0: cigar stand; billiard room-
oisnrr leaving State.; must sell; clears SSO
month: fu'-l examination permitted Box
4^?. Call office.
A 2-<:HAI« barber shop for sale; old stand-
m tiring from business. Address 642 East
Ma:n st.. Stockton.
CIGAR store, best bargain in city for tmall
¦ amount of money: onmr sick In t>»d; "hiust
Fell cheap. tai< Market Et.. rocm lo.
FINE thicken ranch for Bale; also the furnU
ture of a 4-room house. Inquire at S. E corner
Girard and Bacon uts., San Bruno road.
$2t>0 — One-half of the best day trade saloon In
mercantile district for (sober and industrious
(nan. Particulars 257 Fourth -t.
A — W ANTED — Etight trustworthy man of good
. address m> partner for plain office work; $250
each required. Call 318 Kearny _t., room 1.
HELP WASTED— JIALE — Con.
A— MURRAY & READY . . ......t
..Office fee $1
No other expenses
SPECIAL
MURRAY & READY Phone Main 5S4S
UM-630 Clay st
..Leading Employment and Labor Agents..
Oince ouen 7 a. m
Will ship a special train ot men for Nevada
and Salt Lake Division
Railroad men shipped to-day. — ....
....For Nevada and Salt Lake Division
Reno, Vista, Clark, Wadsworth. Dltha. Klko,
Rokeby. Moleen, Iron Point, Battle Mountain.
Arizona, free fare ••
769 teamsters, $2 to $2 25.. 8 rockmen., S-
"...FOR NEVADA
350 laborers, $2 460 concrete laborers
S. P. R. R. — Free Pass --•-•
7S car dumpers 30 plow holders
1.. Free— S. L. Division
100 drillers, $2 25 Carpenters' helpers
Arizona Free fare
Teamsters for Arizona, R. R. work; 2 camp
blacksmiths, R. R. work
Get one of our daily lists
Free Santa Fe Co F are
50 laborers for the Santa Fe Co.'s own work,
ballasting, track and other gangs, ship daily.
Great crowds going Are you?
Office fee only $1
No other expenses
MECHANICAL HELP
Blacksmith, near city. no shoeing,
$2 50 to $3 day; , fireman, factory, city,
$2 50 day; blacksmith, sawmill. $45 and
found; 2 brick molders. mine company;
painter for factory, country, steady job, |^
day; 2 lead burners, chemical works, $3 50
day
Camp blacksmith, near city, $75: 10 other
blacksmiths; 6 blacksmiths' helpers; horse-
shoer, $2 50 to $3 day; brtck burner. $2 50
day; machinist, city; 10 carpenters; molder,
brass, city
Get Our Dally Lists
LABORERS
6 laborers, factory, $1 75 day; 4 laborers for
brick yard, $30 and found; 25 laborers, com-
pany work, city, $2 day; 10 laborers, manu-
facturing Co., near city, $34 and found: oO
laborers, different quarries, $2 day and $40
and found; 279 laborers, city and country
jobs, big wages
.' MINES
7 laborers, gold mine, $2 50 fare, $60; 7 miners.
8 hours, $3 day; 3 miners, shaft work; 10
miners, quartz mine, $2 75 day; 3 miners,
cinnabar mine, $75; 7 muckers, good mine,
$55 and found; 25 laborers, no experience re-
quired, to work in mines, you'll suit, wages
$40 to $52 and found; 2 furnace men. quick-
Bilver mine, $75
List of Jobs Issued Dally
YOUR FARE IS PAID ••-
TO THE SAWMILLS
WOOD AND LUMBER YARDS
247 men to work In 53 different mills, yards
and woods, don't need any experience, work
Is to pile lumber, work in mills, learn to run
machines and make yourself generally useful,
wages $30, $35, $40, $45 and found. -you'll suit
We Pay the Fare
5 crosscut sawyers; 12 barkers; 0 chain tend-
ers, $45 and found; 18 Jack screwers, $45 and
found; 3 setters, sawmill. $90: 10 lumber
graders, $75; 40 lumber pliers, $45 and found;
drag sawyer, 575
MISCELLANEOUS
Milk wagon driver, small route, $25 and
found; stableman, country stable, $35 and
found; stableman, south, $35 and found; 10
stablemen, other Jobs; German laborer, ware-
house, city, $60; young man to care for
horses, $20 and found; boy for stab'.es. $S a
,week; old man to work around Institution,
¦'$10 and found; 10 teamsters, city; 5 scraper
holders, city, $60; can-washer, city dairy. $30
and found; young man to care for horses,
$20 and found; choreman for dairy
POSITIONS RECEIVED
ON SEPECIAL MIDNIGHT MAIL
Engineer, locomotive; boss here $90
Tool sharpener: no shoeing $75
Blacksmith, railroad camp; free fare. $60 frf
Blacksmith, small zhop, Alameda Co $90
2 box millers, planing mill $2 day
2 drillers; 2 quarrymen. city $75 & $6t)
Can washer and stableman $30 fd
6 drillers; 0 laborers, city $70 & $»«)
6 section hands. lumber company $60
4 brick cleaners, city Job......$l 15 per 1000
2 deck hands for dredger $35 fd
Blacksmith helper, city; no shoeing.$l 75 day
German or Swede milk wagon driver. $40to$50
Gardener, institution, city; boys for bakeries;
waiter for a steamer; teamster for sprink-
ling: night clerk, hotel, city mlddle-age'l |
$25 found
Cook, 6 men on ranch; fare 50c $25 fd
Second cook, springs; fare paid $40 fd
Chore boy or man, cheese 'actory; cake bak-
er, country shop $12 week fd
Baker on bread, same bakery $12 week td
SPECIAL
Our lists are ready at 7 a. m. daily. Call
and get one ,
FARMS 1 DAIRIES
HAY FIELDS HARVEST FIELDS
FRUIT PICKERS
279 men to work In hay fields and harvest
fields, run mowers and rakes, wages $1 25,
$1 50 and $40 and found
25 haymakers, fare $1 $40 and found
305 farmers, good steady Jobs. $26 to $35 & fd
26 teamsters for ranches. .. .$30 and $35 & M
SO orchard and fruit farm hands, $26 and $50
and found '
10 men to pick and pack fruit.. $30 and found
C men and boys to pick and pack asparagus,
fare 75c, $26 and found; 15 choremen. ranches
and private places. $20, $25 and 530 and
found; 20 choreboys, ranches, country, $20
and $15 and found; 67 milkers, good, steady
Jobs. $35 to $40 and found; 3 butter-maker3.
cheese maker; 3 farmers and wives. $40, $15
and $50 and found
You can select your own Job by reading our
dally lists
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
COOKS.... CAMP COOKS... RANCH COOKS
WAITERS BAKERS
Cook. 5 men. hay press, $25 and found: cook
for small resort In Nevada. se« boss here, fare
paid. $45 and found: cook for dredger good
Job, $30 and found; camp cock, $50 and found;
17 cooks, hotels and restaurants; cook, small j
restaurant. $12 a week; baker on cakea. $15
to §20 a week; 3 bakers, country; 3 bakers'
helpers; $2 butchers; 10 waiters^ 27 kitchen
hands: 11 dishwashers.
1001 WE GAVE ...MURRAY-READY
37,000 MEN WORK 634-636 Clay st.
A— PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY, 638
Clay st.; phone Main 1191.
700 teamsters, concrete men, rockmen, steam
shovel dumpers .'.$2 25 to $2 50 day
Free fare Ship to-day
To Wadsworth, Rokeby. Battle Mountain,
Palisade. Carlin and Moleen. fee $1
200 railroad men. '3. P. Co.'s own work....
Coast division; free fare; ship to-day
To San Luis Obispo, Edna, Cuesta, Goleta,
Spense. Bradley and San Andro
15 men for Santa Fe Co.'s own work, $1 75;
7 boys to learn trades, ?4 to $9 per week;
>• 14 laborers for mine, north $2 day
.4." laborers and miners, south. $2 to $2 50 day
17 quarrymen, long Job.. $2 day
7 woodchoppers. Santa Cruz Co.. .$2 50 cord '
2 men to clear land $30 acre
1 iron molder $3 (j av
2 carriage blacksmiths < $3 day
1 carriage painter -....$3 day
2 milkers for Oregon, fare paid
1 dairyman. Lake Co $25" and found
1 handy man, Sonoma Co ?25 and found
25 fruit trimmers, Yolo Co. .$1 15 and found
fi tanbark men for Willlts. . . .$45 and found
20 men for Napa Co .$00
10 men to clean brick
...SHIP TO-DAY TO MENDOCINO c6!"
4 tiemakers $.35 and found
1 tie slider $40 and found
7 tiemakers 12c to ISc each
1 tailor for Butte County
2 cooks, second and third. S45 and $35 &"f<j
1 waiter to set tables $25
Cooks, waiters, etc.. and many other posi-
tions. Call and read our bulletins.
WANTED— 2 tailors on military work. R
• GOLDBERG. 2835 Greenwich st.
$60 — GOOD chance for a steady man: cigar
store: cheap rent; no night work; full value
given in etock at wholesale price. Inquire
257 Fourth-st., near Folsom.
WANTED— For U. S. army, ablebodied unmar-
ried men. between ages of 21 and 35: citizens
of United States, of good character and tem-
perate habits, who can speak, read and write
English. For information apply to Recruit-
Ing Officer? 121 New Mongomery St.. San
Francisco, or Masonic building. Sacramento.
WANTED— A reliable young man with $125;
light, genteel work; no experience reouired;
$70 month year round: short hours; no Sunday
work. BROWN & CO.. 1221 Market st.
GOOD paying barber shop for sale cheap. 828
Bryant st.
WANTED — 2 young .men; good references;
hours 6 to 12 p. m. ;' apply by letter only
BACIGALUPI. S40 Market st.
BARBER shops and rooming houses supplied
with towels, 40c per 100. Yosemlte Towel
Supply Co.. 70S McAllister; phone Kate 26.
WANTED — Grocery clerk: good wages; must
have. references. M. D. MEYER & CO., Geary
and Devisadero sts.
BARBERS. 4-chalr shop for sale; first-class
Apply WILL & FINCK. 21 O'Farrell st.
PANTSMAKERS to taka work out. 541 Mar-
ket St.. upstairs.
WOODWORKER wanted on buggies; steady
work. 1504 Folsom st.
r WANTED — Men for light work on fruit. 1731
Folsom st.
BOYS wanted. Apply California Barrel Fac-
tory, Twenty-second and Illinois sts.
WANTED — An all-round Jeweler. Apply J. N
PHILLIPS, 627 J St.. Sacramento.
WANTED — Boy for wholesale house; chance to
advance. Box 1745. Call office.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, hali
price. 563 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
2000 PAIRS of new and second-hand shoes for
sale cheap. McDONALD & PERRY. 241 3d.
WANTED — Young men to learn barber trade.
S. F. Barber College. 741A Howard st.
WANTED— Recruits for the marine corps, U.
S. navy; ablebodied. unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than 6 feet 4 Inches and not over 6 feet 1
inch: able to speak and read English. For
further Information apply at the Recruiting
Office. 40 Ellis st.. San Francisco.HOTEL ABRIVALS,
MONDAY, June 2—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask I Bid. Ask.
4s qr reg lOD^llCl 4s qr coup. . . .HO'-jlll
MISCELLANKOUS BONDS.
4s qr cp(new)136 137 j Oak W G 3s.l03%104Vj
3s qr coup.. 107%10SVi Oceanic S 5s. — JMH 3
Ala A W 5s. ftlVi — [Omnibus tfs.. — 130
Bay CPC 5s. 108^108% Pac G Im 4s. — —
C C G&E 53.10514 — Pk & C H «e — llO^i
Cal-st 5s 119 — Pk & O R 6». — 125
C Costa 5s.. — 111% Pwl-st n t;s. - — —
Ed L & P 6a. — — Sac EGR 5s. 101 101%
Fer&C H 6a. — 121 SF & SJV5s.l2Ui —
Geary-st 5s.. — 100 Sierra Cal 6s — 116^
H C&9 5^3.102 — S P of A 6s
Do 5s — 97^ (190»> 11374 —
L Ang R 53.118'AllO^! (1910) 115 —
L A L Co esl03 105 S.PotC 6a
Do gtd 6a. — — 19O5)Sr A.106^106^
Do gtd 5s. — — (1910)Sr B. — —
L A & P 53.104 — ' (1906) — 110&
Do lem 5a.l(XJ — (1912) ....120% —
Mkt-st C «s. — 129 S P of C 1st
Do lem os.iao^ — c sntd 5s. — —
N R of C «8.11l 1 Sll2% Do stmpd.108% —
Do 3s 121 »4 — SP Br Cal 6s.l3!>%14O
N Pac C 6s.H0 110^: S V Wat Cs.lll 11HJ
NCR 5s — — i Co 4s 2dm.lO2yilO2»i
Oak Gas 5s. — 113U Do 4s Mm.lOl 101 "i
Oak Trn Cs..l25 128 Stkn G&E 6slO2 104
Do 1st c5s.ll:{Ull."»
WATER BONDS.
Contra Costa — 77 Port Costa.. 63% 6«
Marin Co 50 — Spring Val.. — 90
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
1 Cent L & P. 2^i — lPac L Co... 4S«4 50
'¦ Etrt G L Co. 3}s 3^1 Sac E G&R. 39 —
Mutual 4 4»gjS F G & E. 441i 45
O G.L & H. <S! CliqS F G L. Co. 5v. ' 5}i
Pac G Imp.. 3SV+ 40'ijStktn G & E 8 —
INSURANCE.
Flrem'3 Fnd.260 — /
BANKS.
Am B & T..110 ' — First NatlonI — —
Anglo-Cal .. — 9O'i L P & A 168 170>
Bank of Cal.42C — Mer Ex <llq) 23 —
Cal Safe Dp.121% — is E N'ationl.140 —
SAVINGS BANKS.
German ...1900 — Sav & Loan. — 90
Humboldt . . — — . Security Sav.340 390
Mutual Sav. 78 V~ 85 ! Union Trst.1830 —
S F Sav U..523 — >
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..170 — [Market 99%101
Geary — — ! Presidio .... 40 —
POWDER.
Giant 70 7t /Vigorlt 3*i 3%
SUGAR.
Hana 3»i — Klleaua — 1O
Hawaiian .. — 40 Makaweli ... 23% 24%
Honokaa ... lift — Onomea 24 24%
Hutchlnson .13 13^, Paauhua .... 12>-a —
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack.160 1C0V4 Pac A F A. 2% —
Cal Fruit As. — 102>i Pac C Borx.165 —
Cal Wine As.100%101 Par Paint . . 2« —
Oceanic S Co- 1 — 30
•Mornina' Session.
Board —
15 Alaska Packers" Assn 160 23
10 Giant Powder Con. cash 70 00
5 Giant Powder Con 70 0O
10 Facine LlRhting 48 5O
: $5000 Oakland Water 5s 104 00
! $1000 Sacramento Eke Gas St Ry<6a...l01 23
Street—
$2000 S V 4s (3d mtge> 101 00
; Afternoon Session.
I • Board —
' 60 Alaska Packers* Assn 160 25
10 Alaska Packers' Assn 160 5n
! 45 Hcnokaa Co 11 25
10 S F Gaslight 5 :S7!$
I 5 S V Water 89 73
$7000 Bay Counties Power Co 5a 108 50
Street —
25 Giant Powder Con TO 00
$9000 N P C R R 5s. cash 110 00
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morninz Session.
Board —
500 Occidental of W Va IS
100 Sterling 1 73
10O Sterling 172%
500 Sterling, b 90 177%
Afternoon Session.
100 Junction ¦ •••• 23
100 Monarch of Arizona IT
2S0 Mt. Diablo (Kern) ' OB
2000 Occidental of W Va IS
200 Occidental of W Va 17
• 100 Peerless, b 00 9 25
500 Sterling: 1 70
100 Sterling, b 10 1 72%
MINING STOCKS.
The following were the sales on th*
San Francisco Stock and Exchange Board yes
terday: • .
Morning Session.
100 Chollar 17 S0O Mexican 49
400 C C & V 1 40 200 Ophlr t 23
200 Gould & C. 11 500 Savage U
800 Mexican .... 43 1
Afternoon Session.
BOO Best & B 17 400 Ophlr 125
10O Caledonia ... 17 500 Overman ... 2rt
300 Chollar IS 30O Potosl SS •
40O C C & V 1 33 20i> Savage ..15
100 Confidence .. 61 200 Sierra Xev.. 1!»
300 Mexican 50 4C0 Silver Hill . . 42
The following were the sales on the Pacifla
' Stock Exchange yesterday:
• Morning Session.
500 Belcher .... 06 1200 Overman ... ,ff
200 Best & Belch 17 300 Savage If
100 Caledonia .. 77 2CO Sierra Nev.. 19
100 C C & Va..l 40 300 Union Con.. 24
100 Ophlr 123 200 Utah 01
200 Overman ... 25 ' 200 Utah 02
Afternoon Session.
200 Best & B 17 1 200 Mexican .... 50
S00 Caledonia .. 78 ! 100 Ophir 123
400 C C & V 1 37»i 1C0 Silver Hill.. 42
200 Hale & Nor. S7 I
,'''-¦- CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY, June 2 — 1 p. m.
. Bld.Ask. I Bid.Ask.
Alpha "2 c:t! Justice 04 03
A.lta 08 07 Kentuck 01 02
AndfS 02 da Lady Wash.. — 04
Belcher «5 CO Mexican 49 BO
Best & Belch 16 17: Occilental ... 22 2S
Bullion 02 03 Ophir 1 25 1 30
Caledonia ... 17 70 Overman 2B 27
Challenge Con 15 H.Potoa! 35 31".
Chollar 17 IS Savage 11 15
Confidence ..60 64 Scorpion — 04
Con Cal & V.I 35 1 40 Seg Belcher.. 02 03
Con Imperial. — 02 Sierr* Nev... IS- 20
Con New Yk. — 02 Silver Hill .. 4;i 45
Crown Point. 06, 07 St Louis 06 —
Eureka Con.. 18 ¦ — Ryndtcate .... — r,T
Exchequer ... 01 02 Union Con ... 23 25
-Gould & Cur. 11 12, Utah 01 02
Hale & Nor.. 38 40 Yellow Jacket 90 Si-
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
the San Francisco Stock and Exchange Board
has been called for June Hi to consider the salts
of the Stock Exchange building on Pine street,
tor $300,000.
Continued From Page Eleven.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Smuggled Goods Seized.
A large quantity of silks and cotton
goods and cigars and cigarettes were
seized by customs inspectors on board the
America Maru yesterday, and 200 cigarj
on the City of Sydney.
Very Light Registration.
The Registrar's office will be open even
ings from 7:30 till 10 o'clock from now
until the close of registration. Up to yes
terday 12,500 voters had been registered.
Basing the registration of this year on
that of two years ago there remain 67,300
people yet to register if they wish to vote
at the primaries on August 12.
Frank Trebois. 22 years of age, and
Lucy Mendiondon, 15 years of age, were
married in the City Prison by Justice of
the Peace Joachimsen yeslerday morn
ing. . Trebois and the girl lived in the
same house at 116 Leidesdorff street, and
he was arrested on May 26 for criminal
ly assaulting her. The case was as
signed to Judge Fritz's court, and after
the ceremony was performed the Judge
allowed Trebois to go on his own recog
nizance. The girl's mother consented to
the marriage.
Married in Prison.
PIONEER MERCHANT DIES
C- ' AFTER A LONG ILLNESS
John Taylor, Founder of "Well-Xnown
Mercantile House, Passes Away
at an Advanced Age.
John Taylor, a pioneer business man of
this city and State, passed away yester
day mornfns after a long illness. The de
ceased was one of the members of the
Vigilance Committee which purged San
Francisco of lawless characters in the
early days. .
He was born at Westport, Conn., Au
gust 13, 1826, and came to California
when gold was discovered, in 1849. He
mined for a time on the American River,
but subsequently embarked in the gen
eral merchandising business at Sacra
mento. Afterward he came to this city
and founded the mercantile house of John
Taylor & Co. Besides being a capable
business man, he always took an active
interest in municipal affairs.
The deceased leaves two daughters,
Mrs. Curran Clark and Miss Augusta M.
Taylor. The funeral will be held to-mor
rovr morning at 11:30 o'clock from the
First Congregational Church. The In
terment will be in Mountain View Cem
etery.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 3, 1902.
13
NEW WESTERN HOTEL*.
E \V Black. Oaf "H D Davfa. Oakland
F N Carnenter, Vt ITL Davis. Oakland
FA Jones. Northfleld P A Saff ord, Ind
L H Thomas. NY RE Arnold. Mont
W W Loof, El Paso C S Cooler, Seattle
P H Newberry & w, W H Clinj, Seattle
San Jcse . F Helnzer, Wla
Mrs J P Furegans. La J W Merr. Boston
S E Parks & w Chicag O Mendea & w, Cal
R P Baldwin, Denver E E Weddington Cal
C Ambraster. Utah . Mrs W H Rafless. lnd
S 1. Jennlng3 &. w.Kan Mrs Armsdale, Ind
J D KendeH. Los Aiig Mrs Woodward. Ind
E Rees. Chlllicothe H E Oarvln. Quincy
T Schermacher. Cal J E "Prenderg-ast. Pa
G Woods, Dixcn F Raynor. Butte
J C Smith. St Louis |J W Soustaman, Cal
W Eggerstedt, Sacto '
Charged With Burglary.
Joseph Hannigan and George Clark
•were bookc^ jit the City Prison yesterday
by Detectlvt.i Regan and O'Connell on
a charge of burglary. They are accused
of breaking into McKee Bros." barn at
3203 Sixteenth street, Saturday night and
stealing a set of harness valued at- $40
and some carpenter's tools.
MONEY TO LOA5.
HEiKiT^N~MURPHY. O01-O02 Examiner bldg.
$4 5uo 000 at less than bank rates
LOANS MADE
'.'.'. .... On first and second mortgages
Life interests in estates
Property being held in trust
Undivided interests in real estate
Estates in probate — Legacies
/ AtEigrmont of rents
/ Life insurance policies
*- ..Financial problems of all sorts' and sizes..
II you need money
Sec HERMAN MUItPHY \'.
C01-CC2 Examiner building
A — P.. MfCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery st., room 3.
Loans any amount at lowest rates.
Deal direct with lender.
On first mortgages.
<">p second mortgages.
On third mortgages.
On undivided interests in real estate.
On estates in probate.
On legacies
NO DELAY.
Telephone Main 5316.
R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery St., room 3.
A A— MANHATTAN LOAN CO. (Inc.).
?:-.00.000 at BK and « per cent in sums to suit;
City. Oakland. Town and Country Property;
rtcond mortgages, life insurance end securi-
ties; loans on unsettled estates, undivided in-
terests in real estate and legacies; will pur-
chase above securities. MANHATTAN LOAN
CO.. CROCKER BUILDING.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second and third mortgages, estates in pro-
bate, interest in estates, legacies, undivided
interests, securities, manufacturing: and mer-
cantile interests, corporation loans. Room 16
1st floor. Chronicle big. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
RENTERS' LOAN AND TRUST COMPANY.
Safe Deposit bldg., 328 Montgomery st..
Will make loans on real estate.
Low rate of interest.
Lone or short term.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. S40
¦^ Market ct. ; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third.
'MUNICIPAL Loan Officp, 103 Grant ave., near
Geary et.; phone Red 1C03.
ON real estate. 1st or 2nd mortgages and on
furniture or pianos: no removal; any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER, 36 Geary St.. room 38.
510 TO $100 loaned salaried people without se-
curity; quietly, quickly, confidentially; lowest
rate*; easy payments. Drake. 453 Parrott big.
LOAN •? on *ur*riitur£ or j^iajio without rcznov&l j
any amount; lowest rate: goods in warehouse;
confidential. ORMSBY. 20 Montgomery st.
A PRIVATE party loans any amount on furni-
ture, pianos; no removal: low rates: confiden-
tial. V.'HITEHEAD OVllson's). 1710 Market.
S. F. DISCOUNT AGENCY— Loans to salaried
people on their note.
THE TOUSLE Y CO 143 Phelan bldg.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal ; money quick;
lowest interest; easy terms; no brokerage;
reliable party. 1170 Market St.. room 6S.
ELFVIXG, 616 Examiner bldg; loans on pianos,
furniture, etc., at 2 per cent without removal;
no^com. ;strictly confidential. Tel.Black 5203.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.; by private
party; no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3. Conservatory bldg., 301 Jones.
PRIVATE party loans $10 up on pianos, Turn.,
without removal; corflden. 035 Market, r. 3.
ON furniture, piar.os: lowest rate; no removal;
strictly private. E.W.LICIC 116 McAllister st.
£¦*- ON furniture & pianos; $15 up: no removal.
Phone Black 1709; room SI, 6 Eddy, floor 4.
Mor.ev loaned salaried people without security.
HILL. r. 44, Merchants" Esc, 431 California.
ONH per cent en furniture: $5 a month on each
(1000; any security. 802 Montgomery 6t.. r. 1.
CASH loaned salaried people on note without
At Ir.dorser. MORRELL. O09 Examiner bldg.
;>OAXS money on salary; no indorser; Eastern
;lan. Western Loan Co.. 309 Phelan bldg.
Mf^CAL LNSTRUMESTS.
ALL makes end grades handled; largest va-
riety end lanrest stock. Special bargains:
r, St€in\vay $95 to ?2S0
2 Knabe $85 to ?110
a Weber $65 to S150
C Kallet & Davis $80 to $1C5
Fischer $75 to $155
1 Bourne 510
0 llayncs $235
1 Kittle S285
Over 5000 Heine piar.os in S. F. Agents for
famous old Gcbier and 20 others. Rents and
iuAaUmeBte $2 up.
HEINE PIANO CO..
Heine Kali. Geary et.
Dl'P.lNG the next ten cays v-e want to dispose
of a r umber of Jianos that have been taken
i:i exchange, ana the price has been marked
down en each to a point v.here profit is out
of the question; brir^g all the money you can
spare to t.^ay down and tve ivill see that you
M"i a bargain. The Zeao ilauvais ilusic Co..
'¦:¦¦• >UliLU Hi.
ALTHOUGH many seemingly advantageous
propcsitior.E ere offered in the way of p'-ces
and tenr.s upon pianos, please bear in mind
that «e can not only duplicate them, bat can
ofler exceptionally ftr.e pianos and largest
SHEIUUK, CLAY si. CO.. SteSaway dealers!
ror. Kearny and Sutter fts., S. F. ; Broad-
way and Thirteenth sts., Oakland.
ATTKNTION. EAROAIN-HUNTERS!
htcor.d-hand Bprl£bi piancs from $30 up.
Second hand square pianos from $30 up.
};c-coii<l-hand crcans from 52a uji; r.c-w up-
llSht pianos from $17."» up. BENJ. CLT.TAZ
& SON. 10 to 20 O*Fuicll St.; Chiekering.
Mascn & Karelin, Vose, Sterling pianos.
ANY riano told by us taken back any time
«rithla 2 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerli ts Knabe at regular
price; costs you only 2«'e a day to buy a
j»iano from us. KOHLER &. CHASE, 30
OKarfell st. ; established 1S50.
CI.Ti ;.iar.os, the leading make*; prices $100
. u:iv.ar<i; values best in city. PIERCE'S
/ -i'lAX'J FACTORY, ilarkct. 14th & Church.
-*i-ALTO raxophone. ?4n: srr.all uprigtit piano, $00.
?'</'- UPRIGHT piano; cc ? t $400; for sale on
£."» ir^tai'.p-.ents. 1309 Cough st.. near Geary.
L<avinjr tot London compels quick sacrifice of
iK-autiful iarg* :;-p?dal upright piano. 330 Turk.
S:r.i — ELEGANT large size Fischer upright.
_ JOS. SCHMITZ & CO.. 10 McAllister st.
YOU may want a piano for rent. SCOTT-
_CURTAZ PIANO CO.. MO Hayes st.
THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO.. 031 Market St.—
Steek. Evc-rrtr. 'L.uiv.ig and other good pianos.
¦ BEAUTIFUL upright Fischer piano; must be
sold st once. Room 2. 2.TT Geary fit.
A FIXE Steinway upright, left on sale; no
offer refused. 20T.-237 Geary Et.
KNAP — 2 only, new. $450: high-grade uprights,
dropped from catalogue, $200. Uruenn.20SPost.
BYRON MAUZY, 308-310-312 Post Et.; Sohmer
and other pianos and pipe organs.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers. c!d and new. H.
UUIJ.F11. rr.aker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
31IXES A.M> MINI Mi.
gMALL sold mine, v.-^h mill; will pay from
the tlart: only small capital required; easy
lerrw. THE INVESTORS' AGENCY. 1U7
l£c&t£oc~.ery si.. U. F.
OFFICES AXt> STORES TO LET.
CARPETED ofHce. prominent corner. Parrott
building; reception in common with real es-
tate agent; n'erences exchanged. Box 2C2,
Call offlce.
LARGE store with high basement, fronting on
2 ttreets; below Kearny st. Apply G3S Clay
st.. room 1.
PAOTTBItF AM) DECORATORS.
Trufcting water house for papering- and tinting.
Hartraan Paint Co., 'J1U 3d Et. phone Red 35^1
PALMISTRY. ~~
1U1C. G. L. NEERGAARD reads ftoT ~700
Putt Et.. corner of Joiies; phone Polk 837.
f H. JKUOMH FOSELLI, scientific palmist. rf]5
Taylor tt.. Let. Geary and Post :tel. Black &«1.
I'LiRhOXA-LS.
VXAVI has been manufactured for over fifteen
jears; it cur*d hundreds or ailing- women iu
its But year and has cured thousands of tuf-
:«::-ers every year tir.ee; booklet tor mothcrB
ind dausiiiers maij>rd Jree. The V'iavi Co..
;:;-.;i-'«;-S Van Nes B ave.; phone Kast 2S2. San
/ranclECO.
..:• «.-le^anj line of remnant:; ior Euits to order.
fU»; WjUi these tuits we ii:al:e an extra pair
ct pants free ,>t char*-*; ether euits on lnsta.ll-
uscata. *1 weekly. I.. L-EMO.S. 1117 Market
tt., between Seventh and Eighth.
KPECIAL CREDIT ETORE— Opmplete outfit
$1 week; ladies' tailor made suits, Ekirts
shirtwaists, trimmed liats; gents' ur.d boys'
:su!ts. overcoats, halt; call, open account at
our new t-tore. C. 1". ADAMS CO.. 31S Mason.
MRS. E. R. DUNLAP, 34 Kearny st.— Re-
o;jer.<.-d; hair and scalp parlors;' hair dressing
rrr.nScurint'. facial rruissa^; skilled chiropo-
dy; advanced foot treatment taught.
KtJECTBIC light in every room — Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third Et.. near. Market; 7C0 rooms
15c to $1 TO per night; $150 to $6 per week;
'¦r*-e*bus and baRjjaf:e to and from the ferry!
A— 'WHAT do you think? O. EERMAN. 48
Ellis, makes colored shirts to order; $1 eacn;
eame as white shirts: selection 300 pattern*.
DRUNKENNESS, morphine and all drug dis-
ras.es positively cured by The Wiliow Bark
f^ Co.. ISO Polk St., S. F. ; consultation free.
A^*3 CO DERBY and Fedora hats. *1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny gt.. near Pine.
ACTINA restores the eyes and ears to health.
Bold by A'VIOA CO.. 7C3 Valencia, cor. l»th.
WHITE enamel iron beds, single three-quarter
or double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton St., near Broadway.
SENSATIONAL — Book for men; amusing, mys-
tifying, instructive. Two cents for postage se-
cures one. Williams &. Co.. 140 Geary st.. S.F.
ENGINEERS and railroad men can find Car-,
hartt's union-made overalls at SUMMER-'
FIELD & ROMAN'S. Fifth and Market sts.
BASEBALL Schedule Memorandum, Vol: 12,
history greatest game ever played; 10c post-
paid. S. R. CHURCH. 307 Sansome el. S. F.
NOW ready— June 6tyles Standard Patterns;
all the newest designs for summer goods. J.
W. EVANS. 1021 Market gt.. near Sixth.
AT less than cost, uncalled-for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES' LYONS'. London
tailor. 721 Market st. • '
MONEY loaned at low interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth Bt.
LIQUOR habit— A new, safe and sure cure can
be given without knowledge of patient. Ad-
dress P. O. box 502. San Jose, Cal.
"COl'GH-EASY-DOGOOD" means just what it
says; try it and be convinced. "25c at your
druggist's.
MY hairdressing is acknowledged to be the
very best; 25c for any style. G. LEDERfiR.
123 Stockton st. - t #
FINE SUITS. $10; dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
A— If your hair is falling or you are bald, call on
Dr.G.S.Mcore,332 O'Farrell; send for circular.
SUPERFLUOUS hair, moies. etc.. permanently
removed, electric needle. Mrs.Cook.420 Sutter.
SPANISH lessons and translations. 513 Mc-
Allister st. ;
RUPTURE cured: no operation, Dain or lost
time. FiJelltv Rupture Cure, 26% Kearny.
TAILOR-MADE suits. $7 50; dress pants. $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and mole« destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter st.
ELECTRIC needle specialist; superfluous hair
and moles destroyed. Mrs.H.Eaton.427 Sutter.
Mrs. Briggs — Superfluous hair, moles destroyed
by electricity. 1719 Buchanan: tel. West 259.
Masquerade costumei at H. Anderson's, theat-
rical coftumer. 2tt O'Farrell; country orders.
Electric & electric light baths, massage, hot air
treatment for rheumatism.etc. 233 Geary.r.lJ7.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles removed by
electric needle.Dr.&Mrs.Traverse.ll'OMarket.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna: restores gray
hair to its natural color; $1; at all druggists'.
ONE MINUTE TOOTHACHE DROPS CURE
instantly; 10c and 25c. All druggists.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO., 733 Mkt.
DR. LAMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINT, the
best corn cure. 25c: all druggists.
PHYSICIANS AXW SURGEOKS.
RUPTURE and piles cured; no pay until cured;
no operation; no detention from business; all
private diseases treated successfully; consul-
tation free. Drs. Forden & Porterfield. « Turk.
DR. C. C. O'DOXNELL — Office and residence.
IO2114 Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
Cataracts cured by absorption: rectal diseases
without operation. Dr. Ball, 1073%. Market.
REAL ESTATE: CITY FOR SALE.
EXECUTOR' S SALE
EXECUTOR'S SALE
EXECUTOR'S SALE
EXECUTOR'S SALE
EXECUTOR'S SALE
EXECUTOR'S SALE
EXECUTOR'S SALE
EXECUTOR'S SALE
AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION.
BY ORDER OF THE
EXECUTORS OF THE
ESTATE OF
ADOLPH SUTRO. DECEASED.
THURSDAY, JUNE 5th, 1002,
AT 12 O'CLOCK NOON.
AT SALESROOM, 10 MONTGOMERY ST.
ASHBTJRY HEIGHTS.
ASHBURY HEIGHTS.
ASHBURY HEIGHTS.
197 MARINE VIEW LOTS
FOR HOME SEEKERS.
BARGAIN HUNTERS
INVESTORS.
MUST BE SOLD
TO PAY DEBTS,
SUBJECT ONLY TO
APPROVAL OF.
PROBATE
COURT.
THESE BEAUTIFUL
IX3TS FRONT ON
ASHBURY. CLAYTON.
SIXTEENTH STS. AND
TREMONT AVE.
LOOK OUT FOR
BARGAINS.
SAN MATEO ELECTRIC CARS ALONG
ASHBURY ST. PASS THE PROPERTY.
MASONIC AVE. AND HAIGHT ST.
LINES ONLY A FEW BLOCKS DISTANT.
UNSURPASSED VIEW OF OCEAN.
PARK, GOLDEN GATE AND CITY.
TERMS CASH.
HIBKRNIA BANK
¦WILL LEND
ONE-HALF OF SELLING PRICE
TO BUYERS.
! —
1
—
DON'T FORGET THE DATE,
THURSDAY.
JUNE 5th, AT 12 O'CLOCK.
. BALDWIN & IIOWELL.
10 MONTGOMERY ST.
52400 — SMALL downtown investment: always
renteri. THE MCCARTHY CO., G4G Market
FOR sale — Two nice flats, modern, on «a«y
terms. See owner 3083 Twenty-fifth st.
I'OIXT RICHMOND REAL ESTATE.
CIT Y~OF r^ICHMONlI
CITY OF RICHMOND.
The coming city of the West, situated on the
east side of San Francisco Bay, adjoining
Poini Richmond. The terminus of the Santa
Fs and Southern Pacific IL R. Ccs.. location
of th« Standard Oil. Co. -s refineries and Union
Iron Works. Thousands of men will be em-
ployed. Think what the City of. Richmond
will be with these advantages. Have you any
money to invest? Do you want to make
money? Don't hesitate while you have the
chance to buy lots in the City of Richmond.
FROM $1SO. FROM ?180.
* |5 PER MONTH. ?5 PER MONTH.
SEE THESE LOTS!
SEE THESE LOTS!
Some of the best corners and inside lots left.
Streets graded and macadamized.
Electric R. R. franchise passes through the
property.
Railroad Depot at each end of the tract
Southern Pacific and Santa Fe.
Send for official map; mailed free.
RICHMOND LAND CO. (Inc.).
Room 182. Crocker building. S. F.
KEAL ESTATE COUNTRY Kor Snip
for sal^~n1Ear~san~francTsco^
Small trccts, $C0 to $90 per acre, on Rancho
Cotati. Sonoma Co.; future value assured, as
San Francisco ib growing rapidly; location
' best for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotati Co.. M2 California Bt., for
pamphlets and Information.
FARMS, ranches, citv and suburban property
for sale and exchange: unimproved lands in
large and small tracts in Alameda. San Joa-'
quin and other counties. Write for our print-
ed list. HEALEY & CARR.- Realty and Min-
ing Co., 713 Market, r. 40(5; tel. James 4121.1
ALTA PUNTA Tract, on San Pablo ave. ; on
electric road to Point Richmond; acreage,
small tracts, $1SO to $250; selllne rapidly;
look at this land now; free carriage. G *W
HAIGHT. 401 California Et.. S. F.
WRITE WELLS, SAUNDERS & CO.. Peta-
luma. for list of bargains in fruit and
chicken ranches.
LAND bargains; . new catalogue sent free.
Wooster, Whitton & Montgomery, C34 Market
COLONY tracts, estates, ranches, ranges, tim-
ber. mines. EMMOXS & SON. Mills bldg.
HEAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
$5000 — FOR sale, near HaywardR. 10-acre fruit
farm, modern improvements; would exchange
s for imDroved residence property and some
money, in San Francisco or Oakland. Owner,
2926 Sixteenth st., San Francisco.
FOR sale or exchange for S. F. paying proper-
ty, 1 of the finest ranches in Sonoma Valley.
Ads. R. Clark. Agua Caliente, Sonoma Valley.
LOT in Berkeley; mortgaged for $250; price
$600; will trade for business of most any
kind. PHILBRICK, 44a% Guerrero st.
ICTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, at Sacred
Heart Church, corner Fillmore and' Fell
street*. Interment private. Please omit
flowers.
FRITSCH— In Petaluma. June 1, 1902, John
Fritsch, beloved husband of Emma A.
Fritsch, and father of J. R. and W. s!
Fritsch, Mrs. A. .F. Perry and Mrs. Ed d!
Hedges, aged 73 years 2 months and 4 days.
tC?"Funeral Tuesday, June 3, at 1-30
o'clock. Please omit {lowers.
INNES— In Alameda, June 2, 11)02, Alexander
Inncs, beloved husband of Suaan E. Innes
and father of George A., 'C. Edward. Sadie,"
Arthur, Walter and Warren Innes, a native
of Canada, aged 04 years S months and 10
days.
KOECHLIN — In Haywards. May 31, 1902 Er-
nest H., beloved husband of Emilia Koechlin
father of Adolph E. Koechlin, and only son
of Mrs. E. M. Koechlin, a native of Alsace
Germany, aged 20 years 4 months and 2S
days?.
lC7"FriendE and acquaintances cVc rcsoect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)- '
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3
20 Fifth St.. opposhe Lincoln School.
Telephone South Sri.
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
. NEAREST THE CITY.
Office, 916 Market Street.
Telephone Bush 3C7. j , ".
NEW FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS.
. Samuel McFadden. IS years manager for
the United Undertakers' Association; M. J.
McBrcarty. with the same company 1 for 10
years; P. F. Green, late with J. C. O'Con- I
nor & Co.. have opened. new Funeral Par-
lors at 1171 Mission Bt.. between Seventh
and Eighth. Telephone South 44. '
JAMBS McGINN,
Formerly with McGinn Bros., has opened
now Funeral • Parlors at 214 Eddy st.. bet.
Taylor and 'Jones. Telephone South 57U.
' - ¦ .-¦¦;¦.¦¦ ¦ -" -
BiTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 707 Mission
street, thence to St. Joseph's Church, where
a solemn requiem high mass will be cele-
. brated for the repose of his soul at 0 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
EBBETS— In this' city, June 1, 1002, George
A. Ebbets, a native of New York, aged 50
years.
FOGARTY — In this city, June L 1902,» at his
residence, COG FiHmore street, James T.,
beloved husband of Nora Mary Fogarty, a
native of Ireland, aged 6S years»
C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her parents, 1051 Tenth avenue
South, between N and P streets South, South
San Francisco. Interment Mount Olivet
Cemetery.
CUMMINS— In this city, June 1. 1002
Lawrence Cummins, a native of the parish
of Ballinsoitle, County Cork, Ireland, aged
S5 years.
EyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 770 Willow street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at I) o'clock. Interment St.
Mary's Cemetery, Oakland.
CRAWFORD — In South San Francisco, June
2, 1902, Lena Crawford, dearly beloved wife
of George Crawford, and beloved mother of
Violet Crawford, nnd daughter of Chrls-
. topher and Matilda Christen, and sister of
Henry J. Christen, Mrs. Henry Danz and
Tillie Christen, and niece of Mrs. John Zojler
and Mrs. Julia Lachman, a .native of San
Francisco, aged 1!) years J) months and 28
days.
¦ ETFriands and acquaintances arc respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 8: JO o'clock, from her late
residence, 22!) Natoma street, thence to St.
Patrick's Church, where a solemn requiem
high mass will lie celebrated for the rei>ose
of her soul, commencing at 0 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CONNOLLY — In Oakland, May 31, 1002, Pat-
rick F.. beloved husband of Mary Connoily,
father of May E., Esther F., William j.
and Catherine Connolly, ton of^ Mrs. Wil-
liam Connolly, and brother of Mrs. J. H. Col-
lins of Stockton, a native of Ireland, aged
S2 years 2 months and 1 24 days.
C?" Friends -and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Wednes-
day. June 4. at 2:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 934 Taylor avenue. . Interment
•private.: Pleaee omit - flowera.
BOWE— In this city. May 31, 1902, William
Bowe, a native ot Ireland, aged 3S years.
CALDWELL— In this city, June 2, 1002, Mary,
beloved wife of the late James Caldwell. and
sister of the late Mrs. Kate McGratJi. and
first cousin of Dennis and the late Patrick
Hay-Jen, a native of Thurles, County Tlppcr-
ary, Ireland, aged 71 years. (New Yoik
papers please copy.)
ARMSTRONG — In this city, June 2, 19021 Mil-
ton Morrow, beloved son of Henry and Jen-
nie Armstrong, a native of San Francisco,
aged 3 years and 14 days.
EFJnterment private. Laurel HUI Ceme-
tery.-
ARNOTT — In Alameda, June 1, 1002, Margaret
Miller Arnott. beloved mother of Mrs. J.- D.
Hendry. Isabel. James Jr., Mary and Mar-
garet Arnott. and sister of Mrs. J. II. Mii-
ler, Mrs. Isabel Patton and David H. Bar-
rle, a native of Scotland.
Armstrong, Milton Meyer, Mrs. Minna
Arnott, Margaret M. Morgan, Frank
Bowe, William Noonan, Maggie J.
Caldwell, Mary O'Keefe. John G.
Connolly, Patrick F. O'Neil. Catharine C.
Crawford, Lena Read, Faith
Cummins. Lawrence Roethig, Charles
Ebbets, George A. Rcsenfeld, John
Fogarty, James T. Rumpf. Mathllde
Fritsch, John Sheldon, Mark
Innas, Alexander Silva, Custodio
Koechlin, Ernest H. Small. E. Eudora
Kohnke, Christiana Taylor, John .
Kuhlke, Augusta Von Ploennies. Ma-
McGonigle, Nellie J. tilda
Ma^ulre, Ann ' Voorhee3, Ellen S.
Martens, Anna C. Wachsman, Louis
Massey, Maria A. Wehrmann, Helen
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS,
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
FORECLOSURE and Estate Properties for Sale.
• See the Alameda Land Company.
$4500 — The cheapest piece of property ever of-
fered in Alameda; line home; S rooms
and bath; lot 62x150; between Chestnut
and Morton-st. stations; a snap.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY,
1500 Park st.. Alameda.
: $1050— LOT 40x120; Santa Clara ave.. or will
build to suit. $2000 — New cottage 5 room's;
$500 cash. J. H. YOUNG. 1243 Park St., Ala-
meda. - -
BERKELEY. ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
3-ROOM cottage, good as new; lot 60x270;
chicken house, well; $1500 cash.
4-room cottage, stable, well, chicken
house; lot 50x150; SSOO, $200 cash, balance
$100 per year at 7 per cent interest.
New 5- room cottage; lot 50x134; $1800,
$200 cash, balance ?20 per month.
W. C. MORAN & CO., Berkeley Station.
COTTAGE — S rooms, modern convenience, bath,
etc; easy payments. MURDOCK. 514 Pine.
Joseph J. Mason, real estate & insurance agent;
choice property a specialty. Berkeley Station.
Mill Valley Advertisements.
MILL VALLEY REAL ESTATE.
HOUSE, 5 rooms and bath, unfurnished, up-
stairs, 3 rooms below; in fine condition; sun
all day; . large lot; stable, fruit trees; flue
place for chickens; 5 minutes to depot; $17 50
per month by the year. S. H. ROBERTS,
Real Estate. Mill Valley. Cal.
2 UNFURNISHED houses, one 5 rooms, one 3
rooms; glass porch; stable below; lot 100x200;
near the Cascades: suitable for hotel pur-
poses: sunny; to rent by the season or year
or for sale. S. H. ROBERTS. Mill Valley,.
Cal.
$1200 — HOUSE, 4 rooms; lot 50x150; fruit trees,
flower garden; opposite Episcopal church; 5
minutes to depot: sun all day; bartrain. S.
H. ROBERTS. Real Estate, Mill Valley. Cal.-
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE, II 18 BROADWAY. .
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE^^^
31 —Oakland Real Estate 31
$2500 CASH — Monthly payments made to suit
buyer; anything good we sell at once; this Is
the best we have had to sell In a long time:
3'i acres, more cr less, of extra choice land;
a pretty good 5-room cottage, bath, pantry,
plenty closets; basement; good barn and
stable; stalls for o horses and cow; chicken
houses, broodery. Incubator. "Al" windmill
and large tank; water piped over place; city
water and sewer; the assorted fruit orchard
and choice garden you must see to appreciate;
whoever gets this will have the best to be
had this side of the bay; close to electric cars
and fine public school; this is an ideal prop-
erty, sure; adjoining: Hast Oakland; price in
full, $5S50. Call or send for circular, 455 7th
St., opposite Broadway station, Oakland.
Carriage free. H. £. JONES, Land Owner:
OAKLAND FURXITUIIE FOIl SALE.
FURNITURE good and cheap this month. H.
SCHELLHAAS. 40S Eleventh St.. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOrSEKEEPIXf^
A QUIET and pleasant home for housekeeping;
suite of furnished sunny rooms; all complete:
gas, bath free; near school and park; rent
reasonable. St. James, McAllister and La-
guna sts.
ELLIS, C05, cor. Larkin — Bay window alcove;
large closet; mantel; suitable for 2 or 3.
GOLDEN* GATE ave.. 512 — Large sunny front
suite Tor housekeeping; also other rooms.
GOUGH, 115 — Handsome sunny bay-window
parlor, exclusive kitchen and bath, $20.
LARKIN, 70C — 2 or 3 furnished or unfurnished
rooms; light, sunny; coal and gas stoves.
MCALLISTER, 538 — Large room, complete for
housekeeping; ?10; gas, range, bath, phone,
laundry-
McALLISTER. C37 — 3 nice, sunny rooms and
bath for two only; references. . ~
MIXN'A, 2S1. corner Fourth — Well furnished
housekeeping rooms; also front room.
NICE sunny front bedroom and kitchen fur-
nished complete for housekeeping; rent S2 25
per week; and other large' rooms at $1 25 per
week. Apply at shoe store, 5C3 Mission st.,
bet. First and Second.
OCTAVIA. 1403, cor. Geary — Large bay -window
room, gas range, $10; front room, water, $7.
1300 PINK, cor. Hyde— 2 sunny front corner,
connecting furnished rooms; gas range; $17.
SUTTER, ol3 — Two furnished housekeeping
rooms; $12.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
I received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109G Va-
lencia st.
ROOMS TO LET Kuril, nnd IJnfnrn.
ANGELUS Open June 1
New fireproof brick building; 'JO elegantly
furnished rooms and suites; marine view.
5",0 Stockton St., bet. Bush and Pine.
ARGYLE Hotel, 234 McAllister — New. elegant,
sunny; 73c day upward; McAllister cars to
door; handsomest grill room in California.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 14S Sixth— Rooms,
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to ?5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
ALL choice neat sunny suites or singles; day.
week cr month; bath; phone. K32 Stockton.
BURNETT, U2G Market (old No. 1304)— Fur-
nished rms., euIios, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY, 730 — Elaeant newly furnished rooms in
suites or single.
ELLIS, 321 (Mozart) — Nicely furn. rooms, ar.c,
?1 50 night; $1 f.0, $U week; open all night.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 847 — Single front rooms,
furnished: opposite Jefferson Square; refer-
ences required.
GOLDEN GATE AVE., 1404— Two front, sunny
bedrooms; very reasonable.
GOLDEN GATE, 1521— ?20; gas and water
free; 4 rooms. \ SPECK & CO., 007 Market.
Grand Southern. 7th & Mission — Rooms J<5c to
$1 50 night: $1 75 to $. r . week; reading room.
LARKIN, S04 — Sunny, front single room, $4.50;
large sunny back housekeeping, $0.00
LASKIE, 27, .off Mlssir^ bet! Eighth and
Ninth — Nice sunny parlor for 1 or 2; rent 510.
MINNA. 541^ — 2 rooms: suitable for 3 gentle-
men; bath; gas; ca'.l morning or evening.
MINNA. C67, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room; $1 per week;, transient.
O'FARRELL, 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices: elevator; elec. lights; day, week. mo.
PERRY, 111 — Rent ?6; nice Euiiny double
furnished room.
POWELL, 722—2 or :'. sunny furnished rooms;
strictly private family; references exchanged.
ROYAL House, 120 Ellis — Incandescent light,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par.
lor: rooms, per night. Sue to $1 50; week, $2
to $S; month, $S to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth st7[
near Market — Furnished; also ."unfurnished.
TO LET — Furnished rooms; central; private
family; reference. Address box 238. Call.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and FUbscriptlons
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
110031 S AXI> OOAKD.
THE McALLISTEli, 503 Van Ness ave. ; just
opened; elegantly furnished suite or siugie
rooms, with or without bath; excellent table;
references.
CORBIN. The, 83fi Sutter at., corner Leavcn-
worth — Nicely furnished rooms; • single and
suites; all sunny; table first class.
CA LIFORNIA, S07 (Stevenson Mansion)— Select
family hotel; exceptional table; popular ratC3
FOLSOM, 131S — Large sunny room, closet, with
board: private family; terms reasonable.
LAMBOURNE. 420 Eddy— High-clasis house •
furnished suites or single; steam heat.
."HEATH," 312 Eddy et.— Select family hotel"-
exceptional table; popular prices.
VAN NESS, 019 — Handsome furnished sunny
suites; single rooms; first-class table board
VAN NESS, 015 — Large sunny suite; also doi*-
hie and single rooms; excellent board; rcas.
SIOOJJS AX!) BOAIID UAXTE1).'
WANTED — By a young man who works nights
board and a quiet room, preferably with a
respectable family in the neighborhood of
Sixteenth and Valencia sts.; must have sup-
per at 4 p. m. Address at once, E. C. MUR-
DOCH. 20 Dearborn place.
WANTED — Board and room for lady's new bi-
cycle suit; divided. Box 511, Call office
STABLES TO LET.
STABLE — 2 stalls and wagon room. 36 Brady
St., off Market, near Twelfth. ¦
BAD tenants ejected for ?4; collections made;
city cr country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms 9-10; tel. 55S0.
SEWING- MACHIXES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing; lowest rates. Tel. Green 144. 205 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, ex.; repairing
lowest rates; phone Howard 3264. 145 Sixth.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co., of-
fice Post and Powell sts.; tel. Prlv. Ex. 571.
GOLDEN WEST Storage: advances made; 840
Mission st. ; tel. Howard 941. F. W. Zehfuss.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 630 Market St.;
tel. Main 1840; shipping at. cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 2820 Fillmore st. : phone Jackson 2S1.
' TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT~BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS— We
sell better machines for less 'money than any
house in the city; rentals $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 536 California; telephone Main 266.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriter Inspec. Co.,20i) Sansome.
TYPEWRITING & MIMEOGRAPHING.
EXPERT typewriting, 4c folio; copies. 2c;mlm-
eographing. 027 Markt, rm.305j Howard 1539.
vitaopathyT ~~
DO you suffer from rheumatism or any kindred
ailments or trouble of any kind? Try "Vita-
opathy." IVAN MCLAUGHLIN, 110-1 Mar-
ket. rooms 11 & 12: free treatment Wednes.
17 ! DI VI D E~N D NOTICES^
DIVIDEND NOTICE— THE GIANT POWDER
COMPANY, CON. — A dividend. No. 42, of
• fifty cents (50c) per share on the issued capi-'
tal stock of the company, has been declared
at the offlce' of the company, rooms .
202-204-206 Hayward building. San Fran-
cisco, on June 10. 1902. Transfer books close
June 3, at noon.
J. R. LEAVELL, Secretary.
TROPOSALS.
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, "Berkeley-
Notice to Contractors, Builders and Material
Men: Notice is hereby given to all con-
cerned that sealed proposals or bidi are
solicited for performing the labor and fur-
nishing the materials necessary to the erec-
tion of an addition to the Bacon Art Gallery
and Library building on the grounds of the
University of California at Berkeley. Ala-
meda County. California, and said bids or
proposals will be received at the office of the
Beard of Regents. South Hall. Berkeley, at
. or before 12 o'clock m. of the Oth day of
June, 1002. And notice is hereby further
given that the plans and specifications of
said building have been made and adopted
and are placed In above-named office, where
the same may be seen and examined during
each day from 9 o'clock a. m. until 4 o'clock
p. m. from this date until said Oth day of
June. 100^. No bids or proposals will be
considered unless the same are accompanied
by a certified check or a bond of said pro-
poser equal to teri (10) per cent of his pro-
posal, with sufficient eureties, conditioned
that if said bid or uroposal shall be accepted
the party proposing will duly enter Into a
proper contract to faithfully Derform the
duty and obligations in accordance with said
proposal, and plans and specifications, which
shall be and are hereby required to be a part
of such contract. The right to reject any
and all bids is hereby reserved. - ¦ .
This notice is given pursuant to an act en-
titled. "An act to amend an act entitled.
"An act to create and organize the University
of California.' approved March 25. 1808. :and
an act amendatory of section 25 thereof, ap-
proved March 2S, 1872. relating to the con-
struction of buildings," approved March 3.
1897. .' .
By order of. the Committee on Grounds and
Buildings of the Board of Regents.
W. A. -McKOWKN. Acting Secretary.
BIDS wanted— Notice is hereby given that
sealed proposals will be received by the Board
of Directors of the Veterans' Home of Cali-
fornia, at Its office, room 13, 320 Sansome st.
San Francisco, Cal., up to 10:30 o'clock a m
SATURDAY, June 14, 1002, and opened
Immediately thereafter in the presence of bid-
ders, for furnishing and delivering quarter-
master and commissary supplies for the Vet-
erans' Home, Napa County, Cal. (railroad sta-
tion Yountville). for six months, commencing
July 1. 1002, and ending December 31, 1902
Schedules with Information and instructions
for submitting bids will be furnished upon
application by the undersigned. ; Bidders will
carefully follow the conditions of the sched-
1 ules. and no bid will be considered unless it Is
in accordance with such schedules. Each bid-
der must accompany his bid with a certified
check upon some, well-known and responsible
banking-house for at least 10 per cent of the
amount of "his bid, payable" to . C. Mason
Kinne, treasurer, conditioned that the bidder
will enter Into a good and valid contract upon
notice of 4iccoptance as required by law. The
board reserves the right ¦ to reject any or all
bids and to order any. quantity over or under
the amount specified.
Address J. J. SCOVILLE, Secretary Board
of Directors of. the Veterans' Home of Cali-
fornia, room 13, 320 Sansome st., San Fran-
cisco, Cal. By order of the Board of Dlrect-
ors. J. J. SCOVILLE, Secretary.
PAN FRANCISCO. Cal.. May 5, 1902— Sealed
proposals. In triplicate, will be received here,
and at offlce of Quartermaster, until li
o'clock a. r.i., Wednesday, June 4, 1902, and
then opened, for furnishing, during the first
6ix months of fiscal year, commencing July
1, 1902, forage and straw for San Diego
Barracks, Cal.; also at eame time, at this
office only, for forage and straw for . Alca-
traz Island. Fort Baker. Benicia Barracks.
Fort Mason, Fort McDowell, Presidio of Sau
Francisco, San Francisco, and Sau Fran-
cisco, Cal., for shipment to Honolulu, U. T.
Government reserves rljiht to reject or ac-
cept any or all bids in whole or in part.
Prefersnce given to articles of American
production, conditions of price and quality
(including in the price of foreign produc-
tions the duty thereon) being equal, nnd such
preference given to articles of American pro-
duction produced on the Pacific Coast, to ex-
tent of consumption required by the public
service therp. All information furnished on
application to quartermaster nt San Diego
Barracks or to undersigned. Knvelopes con-
t.iinir.g bids to be indorsed "Proposals for
Forage and Straw," and addressed to said
quartermaster, or to D. D. WHEELER, D.
Q. M. General. C. Q. M.
PROPOSALS for purchase of U. S. Army trans-
port Rosecrans. Offlce of General Superin-
tendent Army Transport Service, 30 New
HcntKomery Et., San Francisco, Cal., May
3, 1902. — Sealed proposals, In triplicate, for
the purchase of the Army transport
Rosecrans.will be received in this office until
12 m. Juno 6, 1U02, and then opened. Vessel
to bt delivered to successful bidder at San
Francisco, Cal. The Government reserves
the right to reject any or all proposals. Kn-
velopes containing proposals should be in-
dorsed '•Proposals for Purchase of Army
transport Rosecrans," and addressed to the
General Superintendent, Army Transport
Kervlce. Sart Francisco, Cal. Particulars as
to Bonds required, and information as to the
character of vessel, etc., furnished on appli-
cation.
SAN FRANCISCO, Cal., May C, 1902.— Sealed
proposals, in triplicate, will be received here
until 11 o'clock a. m., Friday, June 6, 1802
and then opened for construction (Including
plumbing and electric wiring), at Fort Baker.
Cal. of Officers' Quarters, Barracks, Admin-
istration Building, and for construction (in-
cluding plumbing, heating and electric wir-
ing) at Fort Mlley. Cal.. of Hospital, Hospi-
tal Steward's Quarters, Bake House and Fuel
" Shed. Government reserves right to ! reject
or accept, any or all bids in whole or in part.
Preference given to articles of domestic pro-
duction, conditions of price and quality (in-
cluding in the price of foreign productions" the
duty thereon) being equal, and such prefer-
ence given to articles of American produc-
tion produced on the Pacific Coast, to extent
of consumption required by the public ser-
vice there. Information furnished on appli-
cation to D. D. WHEELER, Deputy Quar-
termaster General, Chief Q. M.
OFFICE of C. Q. M.j Vancouver Barracks,
Wash May 30. 1002.— Sealed proposals, in
triplicate, will be received at the office of
the De:iot Quartermaster, Portland, Oregon,
until 2:30 p. m., June 10, l!)02, and then
opened, for tlie construction of a steamboat
in accordance with the plans and specifica-
tions on file in the Depot Quartermaster's
Office rt Portland, where full Information
will be furnished. Envelopes containing. pro-
pdsals should be marked: "Proposals fo»-
Steamboat." and addressed W. A. BETHEL,
Q. M^ ¦
PROPOSALS will be received at the Bureau of
Supplies and Accounts, Navy Department,
Washington. D. C, until 12 o'clock noon,
June 10, 1902, and publicly opened imme-
diately thereafter, to furnish a quantity of
steel plates, rivet Bteel, forgingrs and billets.
Blank proposals will bo furnished upon appli-
cation to the Navy Pay Offices, New York
and San Francisco, Cal., or to the Bureau.
A. S. KENNY, Paymaster General U. S. N.
PROPOSALS will bo received at the Bureau -of
Supplies and Accounts, Navy Department.
Washington. D. C, unttl 12 o'clock noon,
June 10, 1902, and publicly opened imme-
diately : thereafter, to furnish at the Navy
. Yard, Mare Island, Cal., etc., a quantity of
pickles,, salt pork, salt beef, corned beef, ma-
' chine tools and coal. Blank proposals will be
--furnished upon application to the Bureau or
5 to the Navy Pay Office. San Francisco, Cal.
A. S. KENNY; Paymaster General U. S. N.
MABBI AGE LICENSES. , ,
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday: ' .
Charles W. Conllsk, 37, city, and ! Florence
J. Pryor, 28, city. ,.
Samuel B. Lowe, 30, Agnew, Cal., and An-
nie M. McCauley, 2S, Agnew, Cal.
Howard H. MePherson, 21, Marshfield, Or.,
and Isabel Bering, IS, 1620 Sutter street.
Allan McD. Riddel, -21, city, and Aggie R. ,
Watson^l. city. . '- . ¦ fegmtl
MABBIED.
BLAKE— THOMSON— In this city, June 1,
1902, by the Rev. Frederick A. Doane, Sum-
. ner I. Blake and Theodora Thomson, both
• of San Francisco.
BROWN — MANNING — In this city. June 1,
1902. by Rev. Herbert F. Briggs, Dastor of
Central M. E. Church; Wesley W. Brown
and Helen L. Manning, both of Marshfield,
Oregon. .
BUZZINI— GIANETTONI-DONOVAN— In this
city. June 1, 1902, by • Rev. Herbert F.
Briggs, pastor of Central M. E. Church, Mar-
tin Buzzinl Jr. and Ida Gianettonl-Donovan,
both of this city.
CORDELL— PROBERT— In this city, June 1,
1902, by Rev. Herbert F. Briggs r pastor of
Central M. E. Church, Adolph O. Cordell and
Camille C. Probert, both of this city.
DABOVICH — CHASE — In this city, June 1.
1902, by Rev. T. N. Pashkovsky, George A.
Dabovlch and Florence H. Chase, both of
San Francisco.
DAVIDSON — MERGENTHALER — In this city,
June 2, 1002, by the Rev.' Dr. E. Nelander
of the First English Lutheran Church, Ar-
. thur D. Davidson and Juliette M. Mergen-
• thaler, both of this city.
GRAHAM— MOLLOY— In this city, June 1,
1902,' by Rev. Herbert F. Briggs. Dastor of
• Central M. E. Church, Gilbert E. Graham
and May A. Molloy, both of this city.
HAISCH— LOVE — In this city, June 1, 1902
by the Rev. Dr. E. Nelander of the First
. English Lutheran Church, John J. Haisch
of Tooeka, Kans., and Minnie Love of this
city.
HANSEN— JOHNSON— In this city, June 1,
1902, by the Rev. Dr. E. Nelander of the
First English Lutheran Church. John N.
Hansen and Josephine Johnson, both of this
city.
KAUFNER— KUSTER— In Yokohama, Japan,
June 2, 1002, Julius Kaufner and Gussie
Kuster, both of. San Francisco.
BOBN.
BAUM— In this city, May 31, 1002, to the wife
of Morris Baum (nee Strouse), a son.
EDELMANN— In this city, June 1. 1902, to
the wife of Joseph F. Edelmann, a son.
Birth, marriase and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication -offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Patrick Healy, 40, city, and Mary Gordon,
S5, city.
Frank Treboni Jr., 22, 116 Leldesdorff street,
and Lucie Mendiondon, 15, 116 Leidesdorff st.
John H. Rademann, 22, 425 Precita avenue,
and Honora M. Callahan, 22, 350 Michigan st.
Nils Olaen, 25, COO Third street, and Anna
Mattson, 22, 1415 Van Ness avenue.
Joseph Garibaldi, 21, '.Martinez, Cal., and
Doris Anino. 21, 1411 Kearny -street.
Charles H. Coffin, 28, Reno, Nevada, and
Annie M. Conover. 2(i, Reno, Nevada.
Ernst L. Rodin, 30, . city, and Anna L.
Davidson, 32, city.
George L. Lenn, 22, 1227 Folsom street, and
Aileen Currier, IS, Petaluma.
Harry S. Zehner, 23, Berkeley, and Chris-
tine S. Blackwell. 22, 1653 Geary street.
Albert C. Anger, 26, city, and Grace^L. Lip-
plncott, 23, city. *
Louis P. Mohr, 23, 55 Valparaiso street, and
Lulu Puchel, 22, *872 Filbert street.
George S., Reeves, 28, city, and Mary G.,
McNulty, 22, city.
James McMahon, 30, city, and Louise Wood,
26, city. . .
Faichl Satow. 26, 518 Jessie street, and
Shlsa Iijima, 26, Fresno, Cal.
(ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend funeral services at
the First Congregational Church, corner Post
and Mason streets, Wednesday morninsr, at
11 o'clock. Interment private.
VON PLOENNIES— In this city, June 2, 1902,
Matilda von Ploennies. widow of the late
Otto von Ploennies, and beloved mother of
Mrs. Fred Junker and Walter. Maude.
Louise and the late Albert von Ploennies, n
native of New York, aged 40 years 11
months and 7 days.
VOORHEES— In this city, June 2, 1902. Ellen
S. Voorhees, a native of New Ycrlt, «ced
57 years 10 months and ,11 £«y».
E^yFriends are? respect'fully Invited to at-
tend Use funeral services to-day (Tuesday),
at 3 o'clock, at her - late residence, 834
O'Farrell street. Interment Chicago, 111.
WACHSMAN— In Chicago, 111.. May 31, 1902,
Louis Wachsman, dearly beloved husband of
Auguste Wachsman, and father of Phillip
Wachsman, a. native of Sileslen, Germany,
aged 48 years and 9 months.
WEHRMANN — In this city, June 2. 1902.
Helen llarie. beloved daughter of Herman
E. and Marie Wchrmann. a native of San
Francisco, ased 3 ye'ars and 4 months.
£7The funeral will take place at 1 o'clock
from the residence of her parents, 04
Tiffany avenue, between Twenty-eighth and
> Twenty-ninth streets. : Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery.
C?"Serviees will be held to-day (Tuesday),
at 2 o'clock, at the chapel of the Odd Fel-.
lows' Crematory.
TAYLOR — In this city, June 2, 1902, John
Taylor, father of Mrs. L. Curran Clark and
Augusta M. Taylor, a native of Westport,
Conn., aged 75 years I) months and 20 days.
¦[ty Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Wed-
nesday, June 4, 1902, at S:45 o'clock,
from his late residence in San Bruno, thence
to St. Ann's Church, Col ma, where a
requiem hi^h mass will be celebrated for
the rerjose of his soul, commencing at 10
o'clock. Intsrment Holy Cross Cemetery.
SMALL — In this city, June 1, 1902, E. Eudora
Small, beloved daughter of the late J.
Leonard Small and Emma G. Small, a na-
tive of Maine.
(CTFuneral services to-morrow (Wednes-
day), at 10 o'clock, at Masonic Temple, cor-
ner Post and Montgomery streets, under the
auspices of Occidental Lodge No. 22, F. and
A. M. Interment private.
SILVA— In San Bruno. Cal.. June 1, 1902.
Custodlo, dearly beloved husband of Emelia
Diaz de Sllva. and beloved father of Trini-
' dad, Amelia. Mathilda. Manuel. Mercedes
and . F.obert Sllva. a' native of Chile, aged
K9 years and 10 months.
C?"Friends and acquaintances. are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday). June 4. at 2 o'clock, from the
parlors of H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission
street, between Seventh and 'Eighth. Inter-
ment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
SHELDON — In this city, June I, 1902. Mark,
beloved husband of Agnes Sheldon, and
father of Frank P., Joseph A. and Kath-
erine Sheldon, and brother of Judge Joseph
Sheldon of New Haven. Conn., and John
Sheldon of Buffalo, N. Y., aged 72 years 0
- months and 11 days.
tC7Kriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Tuesday,
.Tune 3. at 9:30 o'clock, from the parlors o]
the Lick House, corner of Montgomery and
Sutter streets. Interment Home of Peace
Cemetery, by special train from Third and
Townsend streets at 10:45 o'clock.
RUMPF — In this city, June 2. 1902. Mathllde.
beloved wife of the late Fritz Itumuf, de-
voted mother of Frank J. and Alma Rumpf.
and aunt of Martha Wand, a native of
Hamburg, Germany, aged GO years and 25
days.
(E7"Frlends and acquafntances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late
residence. 301 Holloway avenue, corner ot
Plymouth avenue. Take Incleside cars. In-
terment Mount Olivet Cemetery by carriage.
ROETHIG— In this city, May 30, 1902, Charles
Roethlg, a native of Germany, aged 67 years.
ROSENFELD — In New York, May 2S, 1902,
John Rosenfeld. a native of Bavaria. Ger-
many, aged 70 years 3 months and 6 days.
E7The remains will leave Los Gatos on
the 3:15 o'clock train Tuesday, . June 3. In-
terment Portland,. Or.
READ — In this city, June 2. 1902. Faith Read,
beloved wife of Edwin Read, and mother of,
Alfred and Ernest C. Read, a native of Eng-
land, aged 0!) years 10 months and 7 days.
KTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his lale
residence, 920 McAllister street, thence to
Sacred Heart Church, where a solemn re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 10 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
O'NEIL — In Los Gatos, Cal., June 2. 1002.
Catharine C. O'Nell. beloved daushter of
Captain Patrick and Mary C. O'Nell, and
sister of John O'Neil of DOS Sutter street,
San Francisco, a native of Salt Lake City,
Utah, aged 2G years. 1
E^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Thurs-
day, June 5, at S:45 o'clock, from the t>ar-
lors of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 7G7 Mission
street, thence to St. Patrick's Church, where
a recjuiem high mass will bs celebrated for
the repose of her soul at 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery by electric car
from Eighteenth and Guerrero streets, at
10:30 o'clock.
O'KEEFE — In this city. June 1, 1902. John G.,
dearly beloved son of Margaret and the late
John O'Keefe, and loving brother of Michael
J. and Margaret E. O'Keefe. a native of San
Francisco, aged 2t> years and 11 months.
CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 7«7 Mission
street. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
NOONAN — In this city, June 1, 1902, Maggie
Jane, beloved wife of J. H. Noonan. a na-
tive of San Francisco.
. CTNotice of funeral hereafter.
MORGAN — In this city, June 1, 1902, Frank,
beloved son of the late Patrick and Margaret
Morgan, and brother of Mrs. Annie Hab,
a native of San Francisco, aged 32 years.
!C7"The funeral will take place to-morrow
("Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, otSU Army street, thence to St.
Paul's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery by electric funeral car from
San Jose avenue and Thirtieth street.
MEYER — In this city. June 2, 1902, Mrs. Min-
na Meyer, beloved mother of Jake Cohen,
Max, Louis and Elka Meyer and Mrs. Sey-
mour Goldsmith, a native of Exin, Prussia.
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Wednesday), at 11:30 o'clock, at
the family residence. 923 Magnolia street,
Oakland. Please omit Sowers. Interment
private.
MASSEY— In this city, June 2, 1902, Maria
Acnes, beloved wife of John Massey, and
mother of ; Sister Berchmar.s of Notre Dame
and James P. R. Massey, a native of Dub-
lin, Ireland, aged 72 years.
IC? Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 1114 Alabama street, thence to St.
Peter's Church, where a requiem 1 high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul
at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery. • •
MAGUIRE — A month'8 mind mass will be
celebrated for the repose of the «oul of the
late Ann Masulre. dearly beloved wife of
Owen MaKuire, and mother of Dr. Charles S.
Maguire, and sister, of Mrs. Elizabeth Ma-
gutre, at Sacred Heart Church, Fell and
Fillmore streets, • commencing to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock. Friends and
acquaintances are respectfully invited to at-
tend. •
MARTENS— In Oakland. June 2. 1902. Anna
C, beloved wife of John Martens, mother of
Frank C. Martens and sister of Frank L.
Fischer,, a native of Germany, aged 47 years
and 7 days.
[CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Tuesday, June 3, 1902. at 1 o'clock, at the
mortuary chapel o' the Golden Gate Under-
taking: .ComDany, 2475 Mission street, near
Twenty-flrst. Interment Mount Olivet Ceme-
tery, . by electric funeral car from corner ot
Eighteenth and Guerrero streets at 2 o'clock.
A member of Oriental Rebekah Lodge and
Franklin Circle No. 115, C. O. F.
KUHLKE — In this city. June 2. . 1902,
Augusta, beloved daughter of Henry and
Annie Kulilke, and sister of Frida, Mamie,
Elsie and Emma. Kuhlke, .a native of San
Francisco, aged 7 years 3 months and It
days.
McGONIGLE— In this city, May 31. 1902. Nel-
lie J-, dearly beloved daughter 'of the late
Dennis and Jennie If cGonigle, and devoted
and Idolized sister of Thomas P., Jennie and
John McGonlgle and the late Mrs. Annie
Reigelruth, a ' native of San Francisco.
(Tuesday), at I o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery.
KOHNKE— In this city. June l] 1902. Chris-
tiana B.. wife of the late John O. Kohnke,
and beloved mother of Joseph F., John H-
and "WV Irving Kohnke and Mrs. P. J. Mil-
let, and sister of Mrs. E. ' Schmidt and
Charles Louis. Koch. 1Beklns Van '.and ; Storage Co.' will move
your goods andetore them. Thone Main 1840. •
¦ . .. • . • ¦ \
BuElneea -Is orten transacted by busi
ness men at lunch. Cafe Zlnkand. . • .
Adams' Sarsaparilla Fills
(Chocolate coated) cure Constipation, Bilious
ness, ¦ Sick ¦ Headaches, Dyspepsia. 10c, 1 25c!
Druggists.' . v. ,¦..;-•.- • >¦- •
The total receipts of the. Tax Collector's
office for the month of May amounted to
$27,420 25. There. were 1008. liquor iicens'es
issued, amounting to $21,168. .
Tax Receipts for Hay.
At the regular monthly meeting of the
Society of California Pioneers, held last
evening, the following named were elect
ed a nominating committee to select can
didates for the election of officers to be
held on July 7: Niles Searls. H. N. Til den
Joseph Goodridge. Hart Bouton. W l'
Stexett, R. R. Russ, J. M. Baker "
Pioneers* Committee.
.George Dennis, an usher at the Chutes,
who lives at 126 ; Do !Long avenue, was
struck on the head and shoulder with a
club by an unknown man at Sixth ave
nue and Fultop % street early yesterday
morning. He was taken to the Park
Emergency. Hospital,- where a wound in
his scalp was stitched and .dressed and
a bruise; on. his shoulder dressed." He
could give no description of hia assailant
nor any reason for the attack. :
Struck With a Club.
Get You Shoes at 717 Market Street.
Regular $4 shoes for ladles and men for
$2 15 at the .Bee Hive shoe sale, 717 Mar
ket street,, near Third. , .- • •• -
Mrs. Kate H. Hall, 110 Sixth street, se
cured a warrant from Judge Cabaniss
yesterday for the arrest of "John Doe"
Ruth on a charge of felony embezzle
ment. Mrs. Hall makes articles and raf
fles them. Recently she made a quilt
valued at $100 and employed Ruth to sell
tickets for the raffle. On the pretext
that people wanted to see the quilt he
got it from her, she claims, and has dis
appeared with It.
Charges Embezzlement.
The seventy thousand Knights of
Pythias, their families and friends who
arc coming here next August will be met
at the ferry depot,, where the great nave
will be turned into a reception room, in
which there will be carloads of fruits and
flowers. There will not be any attempt
at disnlay, but all will be given fruits and
ficwers. i i,| | <ij£l
Fruit and Flowers for Pythians.
Harry Sanders appeared before Judge
Cabaniss yesterday on two charges of
grand larceny. He/was accused of steal
ing a gold watch from Joseph Fetz on
January 30 on the Oakland boat and a
gold watch from Joseph Norton on May
21 on Market street, near Stockton. The
evidence was "weak, .but Sanders consent
ed to plead guiltjv to petty larceny in
each case. He will be sentenced this
.morning.
Pickpocket' Pleads Guilty.
It's . a good ! one if it's one of-, our py
rography- points, and we have everything
else in the artist material line, including
skins .fresh from- the tanner and fancy
wood articles to burn. Sanborn, Vail &
Co., 741 Market . street. .-•,',;: ?
Do You See the PointP
Do You Want a Trunk
At a moderate price-one that looks good
and is good? Made of genuine basswood,
brass • trimmed, with- leather . straps and
two trays.. It is. a leader in our trunk de
partment and the. price is $9 50. It is much
larger. than the; trunks previously adver
tised at $7 50 and $8 50 each. We have a
special suit jcase at $7 50 that is equally
cheap. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Market. •
Twenty-two thousand five hundred dol
lars was set aside for repairs of street
paving, $15,000 by the city and $7500 col
lected from property owners and others
by ex-Commissioner Maguire. >
The Board of Public Works has asked
authority from the Board of Supervisors
to employ the $3000 balance in paving ar
other block on Mission street, from Ocean
avenue to Persia avenue. The board has
also asked authority from the Supervisors
to repair Market street from Van Ness
avenue to Twelfth and Franklin streets
at an estimated cost of $5000.
The Board of Public Works held a
meeting yesterday morning and awarded
contracts for certain street and sewer
work, the principal award being to the
Union Paving and Contracting Company
for the paving of Mission street from Sil
ver avenue to Ocean avenue. The amount
of the contract is $19,170 50.
Paving Contracts Awarded.
Suits for divorce were commenced yes
terday by Eliza Reineck against John
Reinick for cruelty, Milton G. Ely against
Anna' A., Ely for. desertions and William
T. Ebbetts against Martha Jane Ebbetts
for desertion. Divorces were granted to
EdnaP. Foster from Charles W. F. Fos
ter for desertion. Belle de Graff from
Samuel J. de Graff, for conviction of fel
ony, Margaret Shear from W. H. Shear
for neglect, Augusta de Barberre from
Rinoldo C. Barberre for cruelty and Jos
eph Fritz from Dennie Burke Fritz for de
sertion. ' : V ' .-.
In the Divorce Courts.
Is Arrestad for Cruelty.
John Dalles, an employe of the Mission
and City Transfer Company, was arrested
Sunday by the officers of the Society for
the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals for
driving horses unfit for work. He wa<, r/
leased on $10 bail. A horse beloneW f;
William Hoelscher & Co. beSSSfj^ 0
lyied on Montgomery street nearTlarifet
yesterday morning. A veterinarian was Tal
most mobbed by the crowd which collect
ed for bleeding the animal In order tore
store power to the affected parts
Notice to Passengers.
Round trip transfer tickets now on 8a ie
at any of our offices. One trunk 7r«,,i®.
trip) 50 cents. Morton Special Denver^
?f Taylor street. 650 Market street VZ«
Oakland ferry depot. . " eet a pd
kS££ b . SE&^I^S^ th J ;
The regular quarterly meeting of the
Young Men's Hebrew Association was
held last evening at its rooms in the old
Supreme Court building on Larkin street
Among those who took a prominent part
in the deliberations were the Rev Dr
Nieto and the Rev. Dr. I. Myers.
Reports of the various officers and com
mittees showed the association to be In a
strong financial condition and the mem
bership rapidly increasing. So success
ful has been the association that out of
the ten who organized it last November
has grown a membership of 410. of which
240 are males and 170 are ladies of the
auxiliary.
The gymnasium is one of the features
of the association.
Dr. Nieto and Dr. Myers said last night
that the membership had grown to such
proportions that it had become necessary
to look toward obtaining a more com
modious building and a committee had
been formed to find a place that would
meet the requirements.
This evening the association will hold a
boxing tournament in its gymnasium.
Condition and Most Remarkable
Increase in Membership.
Committees Report Strong Financial
Before the lecture orchestra selections
were given by Miss Alma R. j Welsh, vio
lin: Miss Grace M. Welsh, cello; Miss
Mary G. Welsh, cornet, and Miss Juliett«
M. Grass, piano. A vocal solo was also
rendered by Miss Clara Madden, accom
panied by Miss Kathryn Madden,
Standard historians he took up last and
spoke of the lies they. had told in the past
and the present' and concluded by saying
that he was.. devoting .-his life to trying
from night to night to -make people see
the truth.
Literature and libels in books he con
sidered a vast conspiracy against true
life; it was a case- ever of novelist after
novelist and playwright after playwright
forcing necessities. •
He went on to tell of the history of ly
ing, in the scientific world, and how the
time of each scientist had been taken up
in smashing the cocksureness of his pred
ecessors and how pride was and had ever
been the root of it all.i -
Mr. Adams said that he / had a chip on
his shoulder and a personal score to settle
with lies. He' "asked. "What would the
state of our world have been without a
lie?" He began with the creation of man,
when the -first, lie was spoken, and took
the history of lying from four points of
view. "We nil lie," Jie said. "Here and
there some emanation, called a freak, will
not lie, and what do we do with him? We
crucify him." ; -
Henry Austin Adams lectured last, night
at Metropolitan Temple on '*The History
of Lying." He was introduced to hi3 au
dience by the Very Rev. J. J. Prender
gast. V. G. .'
ple Listens With Interest to
. : Henry Austin .'Adams.
Large Audience at Metropolitan Teni-
LECTURER TELLS MANY
TRUISMS ABOUT LIES
YOUNG MEN'S HEBREW
ASSOCIATION PROSPERS
Mme. Payer is • determined that she
will find out the identity of the driv»r
of the engine and will make a demand
on Chief Sullivan for a pecuniary settle
ment for the damage done the wagon.
Lcuis Payer, who with his wife conducts
a French laundry at 511 Hyde street, was,
in the course of his duties, out.with his de
livery wagon yesterday. Payer prides him
self on being a most careful driver for, as
he says, "The lives of the citizens are
indeed valuable and my life.' too. is valu
able, therefore I drive with care and I
keep, in my carefulness, my eyes about
me." /
But with all his watchfulness Payer
came to grief yesterday. When turning
from O'Farrell street into Market street
a monster fire engine came in collision
with the wagon of Payer and the spick
and span and highly glazed and starched
lingerie that Mme. Payer had intrusted
to her husband's keeping was badly
soiled. - '* ¦ ' '
The force of the . collision completely
overturned the laundry wagon, smashing
the top and dislocating the sides, but
Payer, having heard that to jump is a
good thing at the moment of impending
collision, jumped with a dexterity that
surprised even himself. Payer, therefore,
got off his wagon with a scare and noth
ing worse, though Madame said last night
that "Monster would be a long while be
fore he would forget."
' Each, in" the loneliness of his shed, with
the door locked, behind Tilm, the two
Siemers have been diligently digging ever
sine?. Each sleeps abovo his holeUn the
ground, and neither has left the spot cx-
They commenced operations a week ago.'
To keep Fred from observing when he
emptied the contents of the tomato cans
into his pockets, Henry built a shed over
his location. Fred did likewise. Henry
painted his shed a bright red. Fred
dressed his in a coat of white.
COMMENCED OPERATIONS.
"All right." said Fred. "Go ahead and
hunt. I'll do a little hunting myself, and
if I get it I guess Fred knows how to
spend it." . ' -
They each paid secret visits to the me
dium. Each was given the exact location
of the treasure as revealed In a dream
ordered up from spirit land at the~ ex
pense of an aged mechanic. The locations
were both near a tree, but about twenty
yards apart. Both old men went to work.
Henry explained. Fred: raised the ton
nage of his yacht and 'stood firm. The
friendly discussion became a wrangle, i
"I'll find that gold by myself. I'll keep
it and spend it as I darn please," said
Henry. —.......-. »._ .. ,. —
Long and late the old men discussed the
hidden gold. Each had his own ideas as
to how he would spend it. They, ex
changed ideas. They found the ideas in
the aggregate greater than the $60,000.
Then there arose a discussion as to what
part of "the castles I in '-Spain they could
get along without. Fred, was. willing to
cut down the tonnage of his steam yacht,
but he did not see what .Henry, wanted
with two automobiles. —
THE OLD MEN QUARREL.
The directions given by the medium
were somewhat vague. . The treasure, she
paid, was in gold. It -was packed- in to
mato cans' and hidden, hear a tree-on a
slope overlooking Hunters Point. All
they had to do was to, find the tree, dig
until they; came across the -tomato cans
and finish the journey of life' surrounded
by luxury.
Prof essional ¦ treasure "revealers" don't
work on the contingent -.fee >6y stem.; That
matter, however, was easily arranged, as
both Siemers have been thrifty.
"What you want is treasure. The earth
holds a-plenty, and in. my visions I see
heaps galore of the precious yellow metal
resting where it was -placed, by those
whose spirits disturb my dreams. It can
do them, no good. You need-it. It will be
yours for the digging."
This was the lady's introduction of the
treasure subject made at the close of a
seance attended by the two venerable
mechanics. ; ' _ • .. ;• ¦
THEY VISIT THE MEDIUM.
Together and\in brotherly amity they
visited the medium. The medium in this
case is a woman who hated to- see. old
nven compelled to toil hard for their daily
bread. . •
The Siemers are hard-working mechan
ics. Each has seen more than three-score
summers. They were good -friends until
a week ago. They are both spiritualists,
and to the revelation of hidden treasure
made by a professional medium who "re
veals'* for hire' are due their present ef
forts with the spade and the spirit of al
most enmity that has arisen- between
them. . - y*"
The . sum of $60,000, the money being
carefully packed in tomato cans and
buried in the hills. that lie behind Hun
ters Point, makes up the treasure the
hope of finding which is making Fred^ind
Henry Siemer put in eighteen hours a
day with pick and shovel. This same
treasure, not yet found, however, has
knocked out of tune the life-long friend
ship of the. two brothers who are doing
the digging,
Louis Payer's Laundry
Wagon Is Badly
Wrecked.
Say Spirits Told Them
of $60,000 Buried
Near a Tree.
The Siemers' hunt for gold has attract
ed considerable attention and all day long
each shed is surrounded by tfie curious,
who listen to the signs of activity within
and retail stories of hidden treasures that
have come to the hands of mortals
through promptings from spiritland.
* : __ . _ *
cept to visit the medium who retails them
ei couragement from spiritland.
. Meanwhile the bitterness between the
two men grows: greater. Friends have
tried to patch up the quarrel, have tried
to point out the futility of all their ef
fort. All attempts at either peacemaking
or eye-opening ¦ have so far failed, and
Fred and Henry Slemer are working
harder, longer and for poorer wages than
ever before Ml to their lot. ¦
MEMBER OF ' ISLAM WHO
WILL ACT AT. LADIES" RE
CEPTION. • .
COLLIDES WITH
A FIRE ENGINE
KANSAS CITY, Mo.. June 2.— One thou
sand; Shriners passed through Kansas
City on .their way to the conclave at Sao
Francisco. It required six special trains
to carry them.
Shriners on the Way.
About 400,000 larks a year are sent from
the Continent to the London markets.
HUNT FOR GOLD
IN TOMATO CANS
NOBLE WILLIAM E. LUTZ, sec
retary of the executive commit
tee of the Shriners, is kept busy
each day at headquarters in the
Claus Spreckels building annex
answering hundreds of people v.ho ask all
sorts. of questions, and the next busiest
man is Colonel Fred Burgin, who has
charge of the accommodation department
and has .to advise by mail, telegram and
Saturday morning — Excursion on, the bay fc
visiting nobles and ladies; evening, at 8:3
o clock, banquet at the Pavilion and au revot
to the visitors.
Xext Saturday the Democratic State
Central Committee will meet In this city
to select a time and place for holding the
State nominating convention of the party.
Sacramento is making a strong bid for
the convention. It is believed now that
the delegates will be called on to as
semble at the capital city on Monday.
September 1. The Democrats are not
saying much about the gubernatorial can
didates of their own patty. When the
Republicans a few months ago were con
fronted with the danger of Gage's re
nomination the Democrats were exceed
ingly joyful, and a dozen statesmen of
the Jeffersonian stamp came to the front
with aspirations for the first place on
the Democratic State ticket, but now. in
view of the selection of some candidate
other than Gage to lead the Republican
forces, the anxiety to head the Demo
cratic column is not apparent.
The duty of holding in line the push
of San Francisco and vicinty has been as
signed to Johnny Mackenzie.' Walter
Moore, has been appointed to the com
mand of the push forces in Southern Cal
ifornia, with headquarters at Los An
geles. It was at first supposed that W.
F. X. Parker, formerly expert of the
State Board of Examiners, would lead the
gang in the south, but the Gage managers
selected Moore for the work in hand.
Moore is fairly conversant with Los An
geles politics, having served as Chief of
the Fire Department. Corney Pendleton
has political affairs of his own that re
quire attention. Walter Moore is so fixed
that he can give his whole time and all
of his energies to the Gage fight in the
south. . ••• •
DEMOCBATIC COMMITTEE.
Lieutenant Governor Neff seems to have
a, clear Held for the chairmanship of the
convention. The bosses did have a can
didate secretly slated, but the defeat of
the Gage push at San Jose impelled a
change of tactics. It is common talk in
political circles that Gage's name will be
withdrawn from the list of candidates be
fore the delegates assemble in the Agri
cultural Pavilion at Sacramento. Pres
ton, Flint, Schmitz, Pardee and Edson are
not concerned over the transfer of Gage
strength to any particular candidate. The
number of delegates that Gage can abso
lutely control Is not likely to be sufficient
to make or unmake any other' candidate.
The delegates themselves on the floor of
the convention will probably make their
own combinations.
Thomas Flint is the winner of the first
skirmish for delegates to the convention.
"Word comes that the delegates from
Stanislaus and Madera counties have
been instructed fcr - Flint. Next week
Tehama. Glenn and Colusa counties will
select delegates..
A prominent candidate for nomination
for Surveyor General is Victor N. Wood,
Surveyor of San Luis Obispo County. He
is popular and capable and will go to the
convention with the support of many del
egates from the central and southern
regions of California.
NEFF HAS A CI/EAB FIELD.
It is noted that candidates for 'the favor
of the Republican State convention are
not soliciting the support of the Ga»;e
pubh. All Indications point to a free and
untrammeled assembly of delegates. Can
didates for position on the ticket will be
judged by their merit. There is likely to
be an animated contest for the nomina
tion for Attorney General. George H.
Bahrs, formerly Superior Judge of this
city, is the latest addition to the list of
candidates for the convention's endorse
ment. Judge Bahrs' well known record as
a vote getter places him in the ranks of
the formidable aspirants.' The German-
American Republicans, who have always
stood by the party, will ask for recogni
tion and urge the nomination of Judge
Bahrs for Attorney General. .
Another misfortune has . overtaken the
Gage forces. The leading.Gage.newspa
per in the State has suspended daily pub
lication and retreated to the >weekly field
of journalism. The Napa Reflector, prior
to April 10, 1902, was a weekly Democratic
newspaper. On All Fools' day; it entered
the field as a Gage 1 Republican dally and
duly announced its change of politics. On
May 19. the day of the San Jose election,
the publication of the Reflector as a daily
was discontinued. There are rumors of
more trouble in the Gage press syndicate,
but the fate of the Reflector may prevent
other Democratic papers from openly
espousing the cause .of the coming ex-
Governor.
The newspapers favorable to Gage's rer
nomination for Governor, are so busily
engaged In defending' bis administration
and explaining: the San Jose election that
they have had no time to claim anything.
The foregoing- statement was taken
down by Stenographer Heynemann, and
will be used at the trial of Officer Lev
ings, which will be held to-night.
I arked him not to charge the prisoner until
the next day. and to call at my house that
evening. He came to my house Monday night.
Before he came I told the whole matter to Mr.
Augenbu>.k. .the boy's former employer. Mr.
Ausrwnfcllck told me not to give Levings any
money, as it was a crime, but to go up to the
house and fin<l out how much the officer want
ed. He said he and another gentleman would
I;e there to witness it. Levings came up that
night and told me he could not "fix th« case"
for less than fl5rt. He also said. "You must
not have those shyster lawyers around, as I
must have the 'dough.' " I asked him why
lie charged Crothers with grand larceny, and he
faid he had to do so as Chief WKtman would
V.eccme suspicious. He also told me he would
3:ave to give the Judge $so, but would not tell
me the name of the Judge.
The first time I saw Officer livings was on a
Sunday afternoon between 3 and 4 o'clock. He
called at my residence and asked for Mrs. Dar
ling. ¦ He said he was sent by Captain Sey
mour. I imagined he came to Bee me about
The loss of my diamonds, but was mistaken.
Mr. Levings said he came in the interest of
Mr. Me Williams. I told him 1 did not know
llr. JlcWilliams. Livings then said. "I do not
mean McWilliarns, but Crothere." I said,
'Tea. I know Mr. Crothers." He then told
me Mr. Crothers was arrested and was In jail
end scid that he wanted to go to ]iis room and
examine it. Levings had the keys to my house.
He Faitl Captain Seymour had sent him to find
out all he could in the matter. He then search
ed Crothers' room, but found nothing. I made
tn appointment to »nect Levings the 'following
<iay at 11' o'clock at the Hall of Justice. . We
both kept the appointment and I paw Crothers
Elone. Crothers told me that Leviiifrs told him
the charge of grand larceny could be changer!
to petty larceny and he would only have to
Berve six months instead of twelve years. As
we were walking down stairs, I asked Officer
livings if this was so and h» told me he '"could
fix the case." lyevings said to me. 'This boy
will get ten or twelve years sure, as I can put
three charges against him. If he pleads guilty
to petty larceny I can get him to the county
.nail by to-morrow at 12 o'clock and he will be-
Kin FTvinjr his sentence." I asked how much
money it would take and be asked me how
much I could raise. I paid, "I don't know;
111 have to telegraph and write to his peo-
I>le. and will let you know to-night." Levings
th«n said. -There will be no time to lose, as
I will have to chai-;re the prisoner or Chiet
"W'ittroan will get suspicious."
Commissioner Hutton conducted the ex
amination. In answer to his questions
she stated she knew Levings. She was'
then asked to state as concisely as pos
sible all she could of the conversation
she had had with the policeman. She
said:
Mrs. Elizabeth S. \ Darling, an Impor
tant witness in the. case of Lerpy L. Lev
ings, the policeman who is charged with
trying to extort a bribe, was officially
questioned yesterday by the Police Com
missioners at the private hospital where
she is confined. Commissioners Newhall,
Howeil, Hinton and Mahoney, accom
panied by Lieutenant Birdsail and Police
OJlicer Levings and Otto Heyntmann, the
official stenographer, went to Hhe hos
pital.
Mrs. Darling is in a precarious condi
tion, and it was with some trepidation
that the Commissioners entered the room.
The lady spoke in a tone just above a
whisper, and the members of the board
and others had to keep close to the bed
tide in order to hear her statement
Company B of the First Regiment, Na
tional Guard, proposes to have a camp
this year that will eclipse the one held
at Stockton in 1893, the one at Los Gatoa
in 1896 and the one at Healdsburg in 1901.
It is the idea of the committee of arrange
ments, composed of • C. E. A. Creighton,
Lieutenant Walter N. Kelly, Lieutenant
John O'Keefe. George H.. Sullivan. Har
vey Evans, Charles D. Lowe and S. Cl
Marcuse. to have a camp at Larkspur
during the current month and part of
July and arrange it so that the members
may enjoy the Invigorating effects of
camp life and at the same time, if nec-i
essary or desirable, attend to usual bu »
iness avocations in this city. Those whof^
go to camp will be able to leave there at
5:30 o'clock in tfie mornins and rearti the
city an hour later. A feature of the camp
will be the entertaining of visitors, as the
members of the company will be permit
ted to invite their friends, and such can
visit there without having to take a bas
ket lunch with them, as the company will
furnish them meals at a very low rate.
Company B to Camp.
At the time Mrs. Wagner says she ad
vanced the $1300 to Cleu she was living
In Detective Dillon's house, and avers
that when she said to Cleu that ahe would
like to consult Dillon he told her by no
means to say anything to him. as he had
a good reason for it. She says she la now
sorry she did not consult Dillon.
Yesterday afternoon Mrs. Caroline Was
ner. 1220 Stockton street, called at police
headquarters and made a statement
against Cleu. She Is a hard-working
woman,, her husband being a butcher to
Guadalupe, San Luis Obispo County. Sho
knew Cleu. and about the time he joined,
the force, on January 31. 1S99. she alleges
that he called upon ..her. and. bnowirjlT
that through frugality she had savtfj
some -money; he asked her for a loan oV
li.m ¦ ¦ • •¦ .
"He told me," said Mrs. Wagner, "that
he had to pay $1000 to his brother-in-law.
1-tgullet, .the tanner, and another man for
getting him on the force, and he was in
debt to the extent of $900. He said he
would give- me promissory notes for the
money and would assign over to me thu
endowment policy for 51000 which he had
with the Woodmen of the World. I gave
bim the money and got the promissory
notes, but have not got his endowment
policy. He has not paid me anything,
not. even Interest, and now that he is
leaving the force I am afraid I will lose
my hard-earned money."
Policeman Paul Cleu, who is detailed
in the Mission district, sent in hiaresig
natlon to the Police Commissioners Satur
day and it will come before the board at
the meeting to-night. It is probable that
he will be asked some interesting ques
tions before it i3 accepted.
John Riordan and Thomas T. Dowell
each forfeited five dollars ball money on
May 17. The records in this case are
similar to the others. Conway pimply
marked them dismissed and drew the or
der which enabled him or some of the
rtst of the Police Court ring to profit
through the carelessness of the officials
who are supposed to see that the Police
Ccurt records are kept straight.
Conway is probably not the only Police
Court official who has tainted hi3 hands
with bail money pilfered from the treas
ury- District Attorney Byington decided
yesterday to bring the matter to the at
tention of the. Grand Jury and when that
body takes it up many other startling dis
closures probably, will be made
Police Court Clerk Conway is celebrat
ing his downfall in the various tenderloin
resorts. For a time yesterday it was
rumored that he had taken flight to part3
unknown, but the rumor proved ground
less. Conway is still in town and the
police claim that they will be able to pro
duce him in court whenever he is wanted
In addition to defending himself for hav
ing looted the city treasury by means of
fraudulent orders. Conway probably will
fied'publfc 115^^ 113^ haVl " S falsi "
MASKS CASES DISMISSED.
Edward Swift, arrested on a charge of
being drunk, forfeited five dollars bail
money and in the same manner Conway
appropriated the money to his own use.
Swift, however, called on Conway a day
or two after his case came up and made
a request for the return of his money and
Conway informed him. that it had been
declared forfeited, by Judge Mogan. i
Conway's judgment docket shows that
the case against Swift was dismissed,
while Judge Mogan's record shows that
his bail had been declared forfeited. The
order Conway used to pilfer Swift'3 bail
meney from the treasury was made pay
able to F. Swift or order and indorsed by
him personally with Conway's initials, F.
B. C. C
He failed to appear in court- and his
bail was declared forfeited. Judge Mogan
entered this judgment in his private rec
ord book which he is compelled to keep
under the law, but his clerk, Conway,
marked the case dismissed in the record
he keeps as Deputy County. Clerk. Then
instead of making out an order payable
to County Clerk Mahony, who becomes
the custodian of forfeited bail money,
Conway drew up an order for the return
of the money, making it payable to N
Walker, who is, in all probability, a
myth. Conway handed this order to a
keeper who does quite a business with the
treasury cashing bail orders for his.cus
tomers and it was cashed along with sev
eral other honest orders for the return of
bail money.
BAIL IS FORFEITED.
On May la the case of L. T. Walkman;
ariested on charges of carrying concealed
weapons and disturbing the peace, was
celled in Judge Mogan'a court. The de
fendant had deposited for his appearance
in court the sum of $15.
Judge Mogan states in mitigation of his
careless practices which permitted the
frauds that he trusted hia clerk, Conway
and therefore did not carefully inspect
the orders for the refunding of bail
money.
The investigation into the" records of
Judge Mogan's court developed a nest of
scandal that may lead to more sensa-<
tional disclosures. . In four cases where
prisoners had failed to show up for trial
Judge Mogan declared their bail forfeited,
and right under the very nose of Judge
Mogan Co'nway wrote out orders for the
return of the bail money and handed them
up to Judge Mogan, who affixed his sig
nature to the orders, even though he had
declared the bail forfeited.
The records are silent but potent evi
dences of Conway's guilt, ana probably
before nightfall the Police Court cierk,
who is now out on bail on another charge
of attempting to steal bail money from
the treasury, will be taken Into custody
upon a more serious charge, conviction
on which will mean a long term in the
penitentiary. ¦ . ¦
EVIDENCES OF GT7II/T.
Additional corruption and fraud in con
nection with the recently uncovered Po
lice Court bail scandal were brought to
light yesterday when the police secured
from Treasurer McDougald three fraudu
lent orders for ball money, by means of
which Frederick B. Conway, clerk in
Judge Mogan's court, filched $00 from the
city. Just how many more of these fraud
ulent orders there are in existence or just
how much money the corrupt Police Court
officials have stolen is not known, but It
is certain if all the bail frauds that have
been committed during the last year are
brought to light it will be found that
thousands upon thousands of dollars have
been putered by Conway and his associ
ates. - - .
.District Attorney Byington and Captain
of ueiectives Martin heid a consultation
ye&ieruay azter tne uiscovery ot the
irauauient orders which were in the hantl
wnting ol juage Slogan's cierK, Conway,
signed by juage Mogan.
. judge ivlogan was called into consulta
tion and came witn tne records of his de
partment ot the .foiiee Court, an exam
ination of which proved beyond a shadow
ot a. ci'juot that Clerk Conway had delib
erately laisined the records in order to
appropriate to his own use and that of
trie ocher members of the Police Court
ring forfeited bail money which rightfully
"belonged to the city.
Woman Says He Borrowed
- Her Savings to Secure
Appointment
Judge Bahrs Is a Candidate
for Office of Attorney
General.
Treasurer McDougald Dis
. covers Three Bogus j
Bail Ordera
Tells of the Latter's Plan
to Secure Money to Aid
Prisoner.
Tuesday— Ladles' reception at the Lick.
Flower show all week. Evening— Night pa
rade under the marshalshlp of Noble R. p.
Hurlburt, to be followed by a grand rally at
the Pavilion.
Wednesday morning— Trip by rail to the
summit of Mount Tamalpais; afternoon re
ception by Al Malaikah Temple at the Pa'lace;
evening, promenade . concert at the Pavilion.
Thursday morning — Drive through the Pre
sidio to the Cliff House and through the park.
This is for .visiting nobles only; afternoon,
rrize drill by the Arab Patrols at the Oakland
racetrack; evening, concert at the Mechanics'
Pavilion and. distribution of prizes.
Friday — Trip to Berkeley. Masonic Home at
Decoto, San Jose and Palo Alto, returning- at
4 p. m. : evening, grand ball at the Pavilion.
The official programme for the week,
which was issued yesterday, gives the
following events:,
Sunday, June S, and Monday — Reception of
guests.
All of the visiting temples will have
headquarters at the Palace except Al Ka
dar of Portland and Islam. These will bs
• at the- Lick. The Imperial Council will
also be at the Palace.
A feature of the week will be a reception
to be tendered -at- the Lick House to the
ladies who will accompany the visiting
nobles. John Tonriingseu, a. prominent
member of Islam Temple, which will have
its headquarters there, has been selected
as chief usher to conduct the ladies to
the parlors, where they will be enter
'tained with music and song, and there
will be a monster exhibit of California
flowers. .
On "Wednesday night Islam Temple will
be; visited by the imperial officers, and
the manner jn which the -degree is con
ferred will be exemplifid by the initiation
of fifty or more candidates for Oriental
honors.
The general committee has secured a
large section of the upper part of the fer
ry- building, which, will be placed in
charge of the reception committee Sun
day morning, when the strangers will
commence to flock in; and they will be
directed where to go. The reception room
will be decorated with emblems and flags
and there will be a liberal display of flow
ers. •¦¦•• . . - .-> ¦,: ¦ r
vocally; as , to . what i rooms may be had,
and-also_receive, hundreds, of ladies, who
come to inform him that they have rooms
to let for a week or ten days. . •
Mrs. Darling Testifies
Against Policeman
Levings.
Gage Supporters Active
in Explanation and
Defense.
Investigation Discloses
More Corruption and
•Fraud.
Sends in His Besignation
but May Be Asked
¦ ¦. to Explain.
Strangers Will Begin to Flock in Sunday Morning-—Fif ty Candidates
for Oriental Honors to Be Initiated^
GIVES EVIDENCE
IN A SICKROOM
GLOOM IN CAMP
OF THE BOSSES
RECORDS PROVE
CONWAY'S GUILT
POLICEMAN CLEU
TIRES OF DUTY
INCOMING SHRINERS TO BE MET
AT FERRY BY LOCAL BROTHERS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALJJ, TUESDAY, JJJNE 3, 190k
14
I TO-DAY, TO-MORROW AND THURSDAY.:.:.: g
a June 3. 4 and S, at 2:3O P. M. B
a GRAND CLEARING-OUT SALE OF °.
I MIHRAN'S ENTIRE STOCK I
I SSAUCTION. I
I p 32 POST ST., Near Powell, f
§ s^^^'ssSaSs'AS^sM •sa-s.-tss: S
EM Keal forced TalJ . «r ?•» 1 1 "™ 1 reserve. Itrolt or *ubterfu«e. Kf
5 with the privilejce of ixM^r Anth » u «» »t Genuine Auction at this Ute se**>n. gf
2 Iwlll brine next fall ofri S ,r S * a Zu Hu * P^^ased at this sale with otiiera whlcb g 1
¦ Persian. Ko ' ffera the public the mos t advantaB--ous opportunity to buy g
BBBnaaHHBBaDBBBHHBaiBBBBeaHaKaaanBaHBaasBam*
AJVEBTTSEIVrFiNTa.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Postmaster
Palmer
of So. Glen Falls, N. Y., des-
cribes 2 condition which thous-
ands of men
and women
£?£'^*^£v£i£ Read what he
says, and note
y^it*?jj86c5&>r^ tne similarity
sjgffv^^jliiraV^ °f your own
L. D. Palmer. °Pe for reply,
and get a per-
sonal corroboration of what is
here given. He says regarding
Dr. Miles'
Heart Cure:
1 suffered agonizing pain in the left
breast and between my shoulders from
hc^rt trouble. My heart would palpi-
tate, flutter, tben skip beats, until I
could no longer lie in bed. Night after
night I walked the floor, for to lie down
would have meant sudden death. My
condition seemed almost hopeless when
I be^an taking Dr. MiJes' Heart Core,
: but it helped me from the first. Later
I took Dr. Miles' Nervine with the
Heart Cure and the effect was aston-
ishing. I earnestly implore similar suf-
ferers to five these remedies a trial."
Sold by all Druggists
on guarantee.
Dr. Miies Medical Co., Elkhart, Ind.
Once More
two tell you, and wo
make j\o misstatements»
that only STRAIGHT
Whiskies, like
UIQ
I'QiDCROW
'HYEl can be pure * E'ended
J (mixed) are neither pure
nor wholesome. Gold
~TJ^«. f Medal awarded, Paris
1900, for purity.
H.B.K1XK SCO., Sole Battlers, N.tf
CATTON, BELL & CO., r
SOLE DISTRIBUTORS.
San Francisco, Cai. - -
<> ."• . " —7 o
f- H ¦: ¦¦¦: . ¦ ihCim-Ii. ¦ ¦ ¦'¦¦ I '*"'
Live in a Trunk?
Yes— If you have a
Lundbeck Bureau Trunk-
Ask any dealer or apply to
J. MARTY, Man'JY,
826 Howard St., S. F v
¦ «*$&&>£& Weak Eyes Strengthened.
Painful or inflamed eye* la-
tJKggs^S 1 itantly relieved witfc GEOKCa^
UAYERLE'S German Ey«#
VwTCS^ Water. 60c. at 1071 Mark»iT
V/WJiW^ %\_ i,i, south 672. None gea-
iUb* without tola trademark.
GET A MOVE ON YOU^-
Ho It now, and leave a call for our
wagon to get ycur laundry parcel this
week, then and not until then will you
know the satisfaction that clean, white
and perfectly finished linen can give.
We know how to do it, do do It, and if
it's not pleasing to your eye and sense of
what's right we'll make it so.
No saw edges. :"„¦'*
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office IOO4- Market Street.
Telephone— South 42O.
Oakland Off lce-54 San Pablo Ave,